text
"mmal  log,  and  Ten  o'Clock  on  Thursday  morning  next  following;  any  members  paying  their  subscriptions  except  at  the  time  here  stated  in  this  Rule,  the  same  shall  not  be  legally  received,  not  shall  the  member  be  entitled  to  benefit.  All  members  to  date  their  entrance  from  Saturday,  and  all  members  to  pay  in  advance.  XIII.  Any  member  going  to  reside  in  the  country,  by  causing  their  subscriptions  to  be  paid  according  to  Rule  12,  if  he  or  she  dies,  his  or  her  representative  shall  be  entitled  to  the  usual  funeral  money,  on  satisfactory  proof  being  given  of  the  death,  either  by  documentary  evidence,  or  by  deputing  a  competent  person  to  visit  the  deceased;  and  that  the  Presia  i  dent,  Secretary,  and  Sub-Treasurer,  shall  be  empowered  to  decide  upon  the  necessity  or  otherwise,  of  a  visit,  if  deemed  necessary,  who  shall  receive  a  reasonable  remuneration.  XIV.  That  if  at  any  time  it  be  proved  that  any  person  or  persons  gain  their  admission  into  this  Society  by  a  false  account  of  his  or  her  age,  or  state  of  health,  he  or  she  shall,  in  c  a  se  o  death,  forfeit  all  claim  for  funeral  moneys,  and  all  subscrip.  Lions  previously  paid.  XV.  Should  any  free  member  be  reduced  to  the  necessity  of  seeking  relief  in  a  workhouse,  any  friend  or  relation  may  pay  for  them,  and  by  engaging  to  have  them  decently  interred  (should  they  die  therein),  shall  receive  the  money  winch  they  are  entitled  to  by  these  Rules;  but  should  they  have  neither  friend  nor  relations  to  continue  their  subscriptions,  the  Presi President  dent President  and  Secretary  shall  see  them  decently  interred,  at  tiro  Society's  expense,  should  they  die  within  six  months  from  the  date  of  their  last  payment  to  the  Society  ;  but  in  no  case  shall  the  officers  exceed  the  sum  of  three  pounds  to  a  penny  mem member,  ber, member,  and  one  pound  ten  shillings  to  a  half-penny  member;  and  the  officers  not  to  be  subject  to  the  control  of  the  parish  or  its  officers,  or  any  other  persons  whomsoever.  XVI.  A  box  shall  be  provided  for  the  use  of  the  Society,  and  shall  be  kept  in  the  office  used  by  the  Secretary;  in  the  box  shall  be  kept  the  books,  papers,  and  securities  of  tire  Society,  which  shall  be  under  the  care  of  the  Secretary.  XVII.  The  master  of  the  house  Where  the  Society  is  held  shall,  for  the  time  being,  be  the  Under-Treasurer,  under  such  s  s  e  o  c  c  u  i  e  r  i  t  t,  y  y  may  pursuant  to  l  think  necessary.  O  The  s  cap.ub.T  Sub-Treasurer  uste.ce;  shalllal  as  the  ,)(  at  the  usual  meetings  of  the  Society,  and  shall  take  charge  of  all  monies  handed  to  him.  - STYLE=superscript  Besides  the  general  accounts  of  the  receipts  and  expenditure  of  the  Society  kept  by  the  tary,  two  books  shall  be  kept,  one  by  the  Sub-Treasurer,  containing  an  amount  of  the  weekly  receipts,  and  disburse disbursements,  ments, disbursements,  and  one  by  the  President,  containing  an  account  of  tire  weekly  receipts,  which  latter  shall  be  signed  by  the  Sub-  Treasurer  each  Thursday;  the  Sub-Treasurer  shall  pry  the  funeral  monies  on  receiving  a  written  order  from  the  Secretary,  and  all  other  charges  on  receiving  a  written  order  from  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee.  All  moneys  arising  from  contributions  and  fines  shall  be  applied  to  the  purposes  men mentioned  tioned mentioned  in  these  rules,  and  in  i  efraying  the  necessary  expenses  for  the  management  of  the  Society's  affairs  ;  any  officer  Luis  Tplying  the  funds  shall  repay  the  tame  or  be  expelled.  XVIII.  That  for  the  better  satisfaction  of  the  members,  a  statement  of  the  income  and  expenditure  shall  be  prepared,  pursuant  to  10  Geo.  IV,  cap  56,  sec.  33.  and  posted  in  two  parts  of  the  Club-room,  on  each  yearly  night,  also  the  stock  of  cash  in  hand.  Any  member  may  be  entitled  to  a  copy  on  payment  of  tw  o  -p  e  n  ce.  XIX.  Any  member  proposing  the  breaking  up,  or  dividing  the  stock  of,  this  Society,  shall  forfeit  the  sum  of  one  pound,  or  be  expelled.  XX.  A  General  Meeting  of  this  Society  shall  be  held  yearly,  which  shall  he  is  December  ;  the  Secretary  on  the  night  shall  read  the  report  of  the  year,  and  all  affairs  connected  with  the  welfare  of  this  Society  shall  be  finally  settled  by  a  majority  of  tire  members  then  present.  Any  member  having  any  question  to  ask  shall  address  the  President  ;  two  members  shall  not  be  on  their  feet  to  speak  at  the  same  time.  Any  member  interrupting  another  while  speaking  shall  be  fined  sixpence;  and  any  member  coming  into  the  club-room  and  behaving  in  a  disorderly  manner,  shall  be  fined  sixpence  and  turned  out  of  the  room.  XXI.  That  in  all  cases  of  dispute  between  this  Society  and  any  member,  or  person  claiming  on  account  of  a  m  e  mber,  reference  shall  be  made  to  the  magistrates,  agreeable  to  the  said  statute  10  Geo.  IV.  cap.  56,  sec.  27,  28.  XXII.  That  each  member  or  family  shall  be  supplied  with  a  card,  containing  the  names,  amount  of  payment,  and  elate  of  entrance,  on  which  card  they  shall  see  the  Collector  put  down  the  various  sums  of  money  paid  to  him,  under  proper  dates,  which  are  on  the  said  card,  or  be  answerable  for  all  conse consequences  quences consequences  that  may  occur  through  such  neglect  ;  for  which  card  each  member  or  family  shall  pay  one  penny.  And  all  mco  bers  or  families  shall  take  a  copy  of  these  rules,  for  which  they  shall  pay  two-pence.  XXIII.  There  shall  bo  a  Treasurer  appointed,  who  may  or  may  not  be  a  member  of  this  Society,  by  a  majority  of  the  members  present  at  any  general  meeting,  in  whose  nature  tire  funds  of  the  Society  shall  be  deposited  at  the  bank,  and  such  Treasurer  shall  continue  for  life,  unless  he  voluntarily  resign  the  office,  or  be  guilty  of  a  breach  of  the  trust  reposed  in  him,  or  becomes  a  bankrupt,  or  insolvent  ;  in  any  one  of  which  cases,  on  satisfactory  proof  being  given  to  a  majority  of  the  members  present  at  any  General  Meeting,  he  shall  be  dis dismissed  missed dismissed  the  office  of  Treasurer  :  and  if  a  vacancy  occurs  by  any  of  the  means  above  mentioned,  the  Secretary  shall  give  notice  at  the  next  General  Meeting,  and  at  such  meeting  a  new  Treasurer  shall  bo  appointed  by  a  majority  of  the  members  present.  The  Treasurer  shall,  if  required  by  a  majority  of  the  members  present  at  any  meeting  of  the  Society  duly  convened,  give  security  to  the  Society  for  the  cash  and  stock  in  his  possession,  pursuant  to  10  Geo,  4.  cap.  66,  secs  11.  No  moneys  shall  be  paid  to,  or  received  trete,  the  Treasurer,  except  in  the  presence  of  the  President,  Secretary,  and  Sub-Treasurer.  XXIV.  That  no  rule  herein  contained,  nor  any  rule  here-,  after  to  be  made,  shall  be  altered,  amended,  rescinded,  or,  repealed,  except  at  a  General  Meeting  of  the  members  of  this  Society,  convened  by  public  notice,  written  or  printed,  signed  by  the  Secretary,  President,  or  otSer  principal  officers  of  this  Society,ssbrya:il  se  ven  publiclya  iliaevrr  i  cae  n  otaridb  p  o  e  i  am  :  ton  s  ;  u  tri  a  rrerei  t  e  l  oi  c  jitmle  e  :::  o  ottia:  f  a  itbui  a  e,ednir  ;  se  .  fi  q  sos  u  or-nf  i  a  s  ,  i  etct  t  hei  i  ,:i  o  taemit  n  n  i  ngs  s  psi  committee  pf  e  ee  d  ,t,  styoie  f  ,rf  o  e  rssautticiailaet  pursuantrt  p  a  u  ti  :  r  itit  i  iio  ,  :eo3en  s  bla  v  io:l  ,  Geo,  4,  cap.  56,  sec.  9,  which  requisition  and  notice  shall  be  , STYLE=superscript  held  next  before  such  General  'Meeting,  for  the  purees,  of  Meeting  of  this  Society,  convened  in  the  manner  aforesaid,  in  which  case  such  committee  shall  have  the  lik.e  power  to  make  such  alteration  or  repeal,  but  all  such  alterations  or  repeat  shall  be  made  with  the  concurrence  and  approbation  o  f  t  he  majority  of  the  members  of  the  Society,  then  and  there  presents  or  by  the  like  proportion  of  such  committee  as  aforesaid,  if  any  shall  have  been  nominated  for  that  purpose.  XXV.  That  no  person  holding  office  in  any  other  Burial  Society  will  be  allowed  to  hold  office  in  this  Society.  XXVI.  No  person  entering  this  Society  shall  he  allowed  to  attend  any  Meeting,  or  give  a  vote,  until  such  person  baB  be  e  n  twenty  six  week,  a  member  or  subscriber,  XXVII.  All  fines  levied  on  officers  or  members  o  f  this  Society,  according  to  these  Exiles,  the  sari  before  the  y  ear  ly  n  i  g  h  t  next  folloWle-  x  to  b  e  paid  on  person  to  ::  excluded.  g,  or  such  XXVIII.  There  shall  e  two  Auditor  s  appo  i  n  t  ed  b  y  3  duty  it  shall  b  e  Collector'  majority  of  the  membe:i.B  present  at  any  year  l  y  meeting,  w  '  Loso  to  examine  a  ll  b  oo  k  s  o  f  accounts,  and  a  ll  / STYLE=superscript  if  re  qu  i  re  d  b  y  a  ma  j  ority  of  the  members  0  anY  Leeting,  and  shall  report  thereon  ;  who  shall  be  rennin°.  rated  as  the  Committee  for  the  time  being  shall  direct.  XXIX.  Any  member  or  members  leaving  their  place  of  abode,  and  not  informing  the  Secretary  or  Collector  thereof,  and  stating  the  name  of  the  street,  and  number  on  the  doorr  such  member  shall  be  fined  sixpence  ;  and  should  they  get  into  arrears  with  the  Society,  and  become  bad  on  the  books  in  con.  sequence  of  such  neglect,  they  shall  be  excluded.  XXX.  Any  fraud  or  circumstance  not  particularised  in  these  Rules,  shall  be  taken  cognizance  of  according  to  A  c  t  of  Parliament,  passed  in  the  10th  year  of  the  reign  of  Geo.  IV.  intituled  Act  to  Consolida  e  and  Amend  the  Laws  relating  to  Friendly  Societies.  XXXI.  These  Rules,  with  any  further  which  this  Society  may,  from  time  to  time  consider  necessary  to  be  made,  shall  be  filed,  agreeable  to  Act  of  Parliament,  10  Geo.  IV.  cap.  56,  intituled  An  Act  to  Consolidate  and  Amend  the  Lass'  reltifing  to  Friendiy  I,  William  Jenkins,  Secretary  of  the  Liverpool  United  Friendly  Burial  Society,  maketh  oath  and  s.iyetb,  that  is  altering  and  amending  the  foregoing  Rules,  the  Act  .1°  Geo.  IV.,  as  amended  by  4  and  5  of  Wm.  IV,  c.  40  bao  been  duly  complied  with.  WILLIAM  CURRIB,  WILLIAM  RICHARDSON,  JOHN  GAGE,  WILLIAM  JENKINS,  Secretary.  Sworn  before  me,  one  of  her  Majesty's  Justices  of  the  Peace  acting  for  the  Borough  of  Liverpool,  this  Ei  gh  t  day  of  J  a  n  uar  y,  O  ne  thousand  Eight  Hundred  ana  Fifty-one.  EDWARD  RUSHTON  1  tY  0  6 STYLE=superscript  0  6"
