text
"FINANCE  COMMITTEE  The  proceedings  of  this  Committee  contained  no  features  of  interest:  Mr.  DENTON  again  repeated  his  question,  why  it  was  the  pass  office  had  not  been  removed  from  Rigley-street  to  the  Workhouse  ?  Mr.  BRADLEY  did  not  know  why  Mr.  Denton  persevered  in  asking  this  question.  .  .  _  Mr.  IjENToz.  gave  notice  that  at  the  next  meeting  he  would  repeat  the  question._  _  _  _  _  The  CHAIRMAN  said,  if  Mr.  Denton  had  intended  to  put  she  question  to  Mr.  Bradley,  he  should  have  given  him  notice.  Mr.  DENTON  never  recognised  Mr.  Bradley  as  the,Chair the,Chairman  man the,Chairman  of  the  Committee.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  give  notice  you  will  put  the  ques question—to  tion—to question—to  what  purport  ?  Mr.  DEN  TON  :  To  ask  the,  reason  why  ,the  building  in  Paul's-square  has  not  been  given'  up,  and  why  the  business  is  not  removed  to  the  Workhouse  ?  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  Mr.  GARDNER  begged  to  suggest  that  Mr.  Denton  should  be  placed  on  the  Deserted  Families  Committee.  Mr.  Moss  thought  there  were  too  many  already  on  that  committee,  and  although  Mr.  Denton  had  been  for  two  years  a  member  of  that  committee,  he  (Mr.  Moss)  never,  with  one  exception,  saw  him  there.  Mr.  DENTON  remarked,  that  the  reason  why  he  did  not  attend  last  year  was,  that  he  was  a  member  of  the  Finance  Committee,  and  the  two  meetings  clashed  with  each  other.  WORKHOUSE  COMALITA  EE.  The  proceedings  of  this  Committee  recommended  that  the  tender  of  Messrs  Holme,  to  build  the  north  boundary  wall  for  a  sum  of  £393,  be  accepted.  It  was  stated  that  upwards  of  260  children  had  been  removed  from  the  Workhouse  to  the  Industrial  Schools  at  Kirkdale.  Mr.  C  AR.NE,  in  moving  the  adoption  of  the  proceedings,  said  it  would  be  desirable  to  postpone  the  discussion  on  the  removal  of  the  children  to  the  Industrial  Schools  at  Kirkdale;  until  the  Medical  Relief  Committee's  proceedings  were  be before  fore before  the  Vestry.  Mr.  Moss  should  like  to  know  if  the  tender  accepted  from  Messrs.  Holme  was  the  only  tender.  Mr.  CARNE  :  Tenders  were  sought  for  ;  it  was  the  only  tender  given  in.  Mr.  Moss  did  not  like  that'system.  Mr.  BiUsTNER  :  How  could  they  help  it  ?  Mr.  WIt.TBY  thought  Mr.  Moss  was  a  party  to  it.  Mr.  LIIFF  directed  attention  to  the  fact,  that  two  of  the  doctors  of  the  Workhouse  were  absent  from  duty,  and  that  during  the  week  a  large  amount  of  extra  duty  had  to  be  done  by  others.  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  CARNE  :  Mr.  Talbot  is  attacked  with  fever.  Mr.  LIIFF  :  There  was  no  explanation  why  Mr.  Eaton  was  away.  Mr.  CARNE  :  Both  are  laid  up  with  fever.  Mr.  Eaton  had  leave  of  absence,  but  he  did  not  take  it.  Mr.  HART  :  He  asked  for  leave  of  absence  ;  it  was  re referred  ferred referred  to  the  next  meeting,  and  at  that  meeting  he  was  re reported  ported reported  as  taking  ill.  The•proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOLS  COMMITTEE  From  the  report  of  this  Committee  it  appeared  that  no  less  than  16  boys,  and  87  girls,  including  58  infants  had  been  sent  from  the  workhouse  to  the  schools.  The  Clom Clommittee  mittee Clommittee  recommended  the  general  use  of  clogs  in  the  estab establishment,  lishment, establishment,  and  that  35  dozen  of  those  articles  should  be  pur purchased  chased purchased  for  the  girls,  the  cloggers  in  the  house  not!being  able  to  supply  the  quantity  required.  The  late  gales  having  in injured  jured injured  the  roof  of  the  school,  it  was  recommended  that  it  be  put  into  a  state  of  thorough  repair.  The  contract  of  Mr.  Andrew  Wilson,'  for  cartage,  and  the  bringing  of  flags,  be  accepted.  The  following  communication  was  read  from  Mr.  Hagger,  the  schoolmaster  of  the  establishment,  with  reference  to  the  inability  of  the  present  staff  of  teachers  to  attend  to  the  additional  number  of  children  sent  from  the  Workhouse  to  the  Schools  :  THE  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOL  COMMITTEE  Boy's  School,  October  sth  1853.  GENTLEMEN  On  Sunday  last,  our  numbers  were  in increased  creased increased  to  729  by  the  transfer  of  140  boys  from  the  Work Workhouse.  house. Workhouse.  I  feel  it  my  duty  to  make  application  to  you  for  additional  assistance.  Previous  to  May,  1850,  our  highest  number  had  been  527.  For  the  education  of  these  there  was  a  staff  of  four  masters  and  a  body  of  pupil  teachers,  varying  from  13  to  19.  On  your  deeming  it  advisable  to  break  up  the  infant  school,  in  June,  lB5O,  upwards  of  100  members  were  added  to  this  de-.  partment—for  the  instruction  of  these  no  further  provision  was  made.  Now,  another  great  increase  has  been  made,  rais raising  ing raising  the  number  to  upwards  of  700.  If  the  services  of  four  masters  and  thirteen  pupil  teachers  were  considered  necessary  when  our  number  was  500,  I  need  only  say  we  have  now  719  bop,  with  but  four  masters  and  five  pupil  teachers,  to  show  you  that  something  fnrther  should  be  done.  However  anxious  and  able  four  masters  may  be,it  is  manifestly  impossible  that  they  can  do  justice  to  so  large  a  number,  more  than  500  of  whom  are  in  school  at  one  time,  and  400  of  whom  are  in  school  but  three  days  a  week  There  is  another  point  to  which  I  am  anxious  to  direct  your  attention.  I  have  reckoned  above  that  200  boys  will  be  out  of  school  daily.  With  the  exception  of  those  employed  in  the  tailors'  and  shoemakers'  shops,  and  a  few  engaged  with  the  gardner,  they  aro  under  no  control  beyond  the  casual  superintendence  which  the  governor  is  able  to  give  them.  The  time  that  should  be  devoted  to  industrial  pursuits  is  frequently  utterly  wasted,  and  what  is  intended  to  train  them  to  indus industrious  trious industrious  habits  becomes  the  readiest  mode  of  familiarising  them  to  indolence.  With  your  permission,  I  will  suggest  two  methods  by  which  it  appears  to  me  the  evil  may  be  lessened,  if  not  entirely  removed.  First:  A  person  may  be  appointed  whose  special  duty  it  shall  be  to  superintend  those  boys  taken  from  school  for  the  purpose  of  work,  particularly  such  work  as  the  sweeping  of  the  yards,  carrying  coal,  cleaning  windows,  &amp;c.  ;  or,  Second:  The  number  of  schoolmasters  may  be  so  far  in increased  creased increased  that  one  may  be  daily  spared  from  the  in-door  work  to  the  required  duty.  6, STYLE=superscript  If  the  first  course  were  adopted,  the  whole  expense  would  fall  upon  the  parish.  Should  you  think  the  second  expedient,  I  have  no  doubt  it  would  meet  the  approval  of  the  Committee  of  Council  on  Education,  who  would  then  make  a  grant  of  the  The  establishment  would  be  greatly  benefited  by  a  greater  nnmber  of  the  boys  being  employed.  Many  boys,  old  and  strong  enough  to  work,  now  come  to  school  every  day  because  sufficient  employment  cannot  be  fonnd  for  them  out  of  doors.  Earnestly  begging  your  consideration  to  these)points,  I  have  the  honour  to  be,  gentlemen,  your  most  obedient  ser-  J.  Mr  GARDNER  in  moving  the  confirmation  of  the  pro proceedings,  ceedings, proceedings,  remarked  that  a  large  number  of  children  had  been  sent  to  Industrial  Schools,  in  consequence  of  the  neces necessity  sity necessity  of  removing  them  from  the  Workhouse,  to  make  arrangements  for  sick  cases.  He  might  also  state  that  Mr.  Coates  met  those  children  in  the  most  prompt  manner,  and  made  arrangements  which  were  most  satisfactory  to  the  Committee.  He  trusted  no  ill  effects  would  arise  from  over overcrowding,  crowding, overcrowding,  but  he  believed  there  would  not,  as  room  for  200  or  250  additional  children  could  be  made  in  the  School.  Mr.  Moss  said  although  he  thought  every  attention  should  be  paid  to  the  scholastic  instruction  of  the  children  at  the.  Schools,  still,  equal  attention  ought  to  be  paid  to  inculcating  them  in  industrious  habits,  and  bringing  them  up  in  the  knowledge  of  some  trade  likely  to  be  hereafter  useful.  Mr.  GARDNER,  :  It  is  an  Industrial  School.  Mr.  Moss  :  by  name,  but  he  hoped  it  was  so  in  reality,  it  was  not  so  perfect  as  it  might  be,  and  the  reason  he  formed  this  opinion  was  to  some  little  time  since,  when  he  was  in  Ireland,  seeing  the  Exhibition,  he  was  perfectly  surprised  to  see  the  amount  of  beautiful  work  exposed  for  sale,  the  pro product  duct product  of  various  industrial  schools,  and  schools  connected  with  Unions  in  :Ireland,  so  much  so  they  were  nearly  self selfsupporting  supporting selfsupporting  ;  why  some  of  the  work  would  have  done  credit  to  some  of  the  first  artists  of  the  day,  in  shoes  and  clothing.  It  was  a  matter  for  serious  consideration,  whether  35  dozen.  of  clogs  should  be  purchased  for  the  school,  and  some  time  since  it  was  suggested  that  the  girls  clothes  should  be  put  out  to  be  made.  He  (Mr.  Moss),  thought  those  were  highly  objectionable  proceedings,  and  that  the  time  of  those  child children  ren children  which  could  be  properly  spared  from  school,  should  be  devoted  to  their  instruction  in  necessary  handicrafts.  He  threw  this  out  to  the  school  committee,  he  believed  they  were  doing  their  duty;  but  a  more  perfect  system  might  be  devised.  Mr.  JOHN  JONES  would  throw  out  another  suggestion,  that  Mr.  Moss  should  come  there  and  see  the  amount  of  in industry.  dustry. industry.  Mr.  GARDNER  said  if  anything  were  suggested  by  Mr.  Moss,  it  would  be  attended  to.  Mr.  Moss  :  Set  those  children  to  work  at  the  clogs.  •  Mr.  DE.yroN  considered  Mr.  Moss's  suggestion  such  a  very  valuable  one,  that  they  ought  not  to  be  too  hard  on  him.  Mr.  SWAGE  whilst  in  Ireland  found  everything  Mr.  Moss  said  to  be  perfectly  correct.  There  were  a  great  many  things  produced  in  a  superior  manner,  and  if  it  were  possible,  it  was  very  desirable  that  they  should  adopt  them.  He  did  not  know  the  exact  mode  of  introducing  such  things  into  their  schools.  Mr.  CARNE  confirmed  what  Mr.  Moss  said  with  regard  to  Ireland.  He  was  surprised  to  see  the  beautiful  articles  manufactured  in  the  Irish  Unions.  They  certainly  employed  their  people  better  than  we  did  here.  They  taught  them  habits  of  cleanliness  in  their  industrial  duties.  They  taught  them  to  spin  wool  and  flax  into  yarn,  and  those  were  things  which  were  not  done  here.  Whether  they  could  be  done  in  the  Industrial  schools  he  did  not  know,  but  it  would  be  well  to  try  them.  He  often  regretted  there  was  not  more  industrial  work  carried  on  in  the  Industrial  schools.  Mr.  BRADLEY  was  glad  to  hear  this  discussion.  It  would  bring  the  question  into  a  practical  shape  ;  there  had  been  too  much  attention  paid  to  education,  and  not  quite  enough  to  the  departments  alluded  to.  He  hoped  for  the  future,  the  Committee  would  direct  its  particular  attention  to  this,  and  see  if  something  of  a  useful  nature  could  not  be  adopted."
