text
"CHINA.  HONG  KONG,  OCT.  11.-Our  correspondent  writes  :  The  news  carried  by  the  mail  leaving  to-day  is  not  of  much  interest  as  far  as  incidents  and  occur•  rences  are  concerned,  since  we  are  no  better  in informed  formed informed  of  the  progress  of  the  rebellion  than  at  the  departure  of  the  previous  mail.  But  that  the  re rebellion  bellion rebellion  more  than  holds  its  own  is  a  great  fact,  and  the  negative  news  conveyed  by  the  present  outgoing  steamer  is  a  great  fact  demonstrative  of  the  advance  of  free  opinions.  From  Shanghai  we  learn  that  the  place  is  still  in  the  hands  of  the  Triad  gentry,  who  were  bartering  with  the  impe imperialists  rialists imperialists  for  evacuating  the  place,  upon  the  latter  paying  them  a  large  sum  of  money.  The  insur insurgents  gents insurgents  or  patriots  at  Nanking  have  discountenanced  the  proceedings  of  the  Shanghai  triadists,  and  ac according  cording according  to  the  North  China  Herald,  the  latter  con consist  sist consist  of  a  regular  set  of  ragamuffins,  who  are  disap-.  pointed  in  their  expected  plunder  of  the  city.  If  the  imperial  forces  make  any  bold  attempt  they  will  carry  the  city,  and  put  the  rebels  to  flight,  but  such  is  the  apathy  and  indifference  of  the  imperial  authorities,  that  no  faith  is  placed  in  their  vaunted  attacks.  At  Amoy  matters  were  much  the  same.  Several  fights  had  taken  place,  but  the  firing  from  the  imperial  junks  was  so  ill  managed  that  no  suc success  cess success  appears  ,to  be  hoped  for.  In  the  meantime  trade  is  altogether  at  a  stand,  with  no  present  pros  pect  of  matters  taking  a  favourable  turn.  At  Canton  all  was  quiet,  but  expectations  were  general  that  this  quiescent  state  will  not  long  con continue,  tinue, continue,  there  being  general:  apprehensions  that  the  ill-disposed  will  seize  an  early  opportunity  to  plun plunder  der plunder  and  rapine.  Business  continues  but  on  a  limited  scale,  and  very  sluggish  for  all  kinds  of  goods.  Sir  George  Bonham  has  been  to  Canton,  with  the  view  (it  is  said)  of  personally  acquainting  himself  of  the  state  of  affairs,  but  nothing  has  tran  spired  respecting  his  visit,  The  Overland  Friend  of  China  says  :  At  Shanghai  the  aspect  of  affairs  is  very  bad.  Since  we  were  informed  that  on  the  eighth  day  af after  ter after  the  capture  of  the  place  the  rebel  leader  hoisted  the  flag  of  the  Nanking  dynasty,  and  it  was  sup supposed  posed supposed  that  the  leader  had  been  waiting  for  per permission  mission permission  from  before  so  hoisting  it,  it  has  become  known  that  the  Nanking  rulers  will  not  promise  to  accord  to  the  party  in  possession  of  Shanghai  any  kind  of  support,  and  have  intimated  that,  as  they  have  acted  hitherto  on  their  own  re  sponsibility,  so  must  they  continue  to  Jo  so,  and  be  prepared  to  give  up  possession  (if  able  to  keep  it)  directly  the  Tae-ping  Wang  resolves  on  its  occupa occupation  tion occupation  by  his  officers.  This  having  become  known  to  the  general  commanding  the  large  body  of  impe imperialist  rialist imperialist  troops  encamped  between  Chinkeang-foo  and  Nanking,  he  has  valiantly  resolved  on  doing  his  best  to  get  Shanghai  again  under  the  control  of  his  royal  master.  If  money  can  be  raised,  it  is  not  im improbable  probable improbable  that  he  will  attempt  to  buy  such  posses possession;  sion; possession;  but  money  is  a  scarce  commodity  with  the  imperialists,  and  it  is  more  than  likely  that  there  will  be  some  fighting,  and,  in  the  prospect  of  an  evacuation,  a  ransack  before  Shanghai's  custom customhouse  house customhouse  is  again  superintended  by  the  Taoutae  Woo.  From  Ningpo,  the  next  consular  port  south  of  Shanghai,  the  news  is  very  threatening,  the  coun country  try country  all  around,  by  advices  to  the  20th  ult.,  being  in  a  disturbed  state,  and  a  rising  daily  expected.  Anioy  is  still  in  possession  of  the  rebels,  and  likely  to  remain  so,  although  their  ill-equipped  fleet,  it  is  probable,  will  be  destroyed  in  detail  by  their  opponents.  The  possession  of  the  wate  r  frontage,  hoWever,  is  not  possession  of  the  town,  and  there  are  but  few  prospects  of  an  early  re resumption  sumption resumption  of  the  usual  trade  of  the  place.  The  island  of  Formosa  is  also  the  theatre  of  an  insurrection.  Between  Canton  and  Hong  Kong  there  is  still  continued  fighting.  A  gentleman,  who  a  few  days  ago  received  some  reliable  intelligence  from  the  disturbed  districts,  informed  us  that  the  rebellious  feeling  was  increas increasing  ing increasing  rapidly—that  the  people  of  That-sing,  a  place  near  the  Bogue,  with  10,000  inhabitants,  had  sur  prised  a  large  village,  and  had  killed  and  wounded  a  good  many  people.  A  story  is  told  of  a  rebel  who,  having  killed  an  imperialist  soldier,  dressed  himself  in  his  coat,  to  which  he  had  added  some  buttons  that  were  want wanting,  ing, wanting,  and  went  into  the  imperialist  camp  to  ask  for  some  ammunition.  But  the  wretch  having  sewn  on  one  more  button  than  the  regulation  allowance,  was  found  out  and  decapitated  instantly.  In  Canton  all  is  at  present  quiet.  The  period  for  northerly  winds  and  incendiary  fires,  however,  had  commenced—that  period  which  the  peaceably peaceablydisposed  disposed peaceablydisposed  inhabitants  have  so  much  reason  to  dread."
