text
"POST  0  PielOß  _ROBBERY  AT  BIRICE.NILEAD.  James  Maule,  a  post-office  clerk  and  assistant  to  the  i  spector-general;  received  the  letter  produced,  on  Monday,  the  12th  instant,  from  the  inspector,  with  directions  to  take  it  to  Chester,  and  have  it  checked  into  the  Birkenhead  book,  and  dispatched  by  the  night  mail  of  ithat  date.  At  the  time  the  letter  was  given  by  me  to  Mr.  Owen,  it  was  properly  sealed  and  properly  fastened.  As  the  letter  was  net  delivered  he  went  to  the  post-office,  and  paid  to  the  prisoner,  there  was  a  letter  directed  to  Mr.  Murray,  which  he  knew  had  been  forwarded,  had  not  been  delivered.  He  said  there  was  a  letter  of  that  description,  and  it  was  a  money  letter  for  the  carrier  to  enter.  He  took  the  letter  and  the  book  to  the  inspector.  He  also  went  wi  4 STYLE=superscript  '  the  police-officer  to  the  prisoner's  house,  he  found  the  five-pound  Bank  of  England  note.  Robert  Jackson,  a  letter-carrier  in  the  Birkenhead  post  , STYLE=superscript  office,  was  on  duty  on  the  morning  of  the  13th.  I  was  there  at  twenty-five  minutes  to  six.  The  prisoner  is  a  clerk  em employed  ployed employed  in  that  post-office,  and  was  also  on  duty.  I  received  two  ba  g  s,  and  the  m  essenger  th  e  ot  h  ers,  from  the  railway.  I  opened  the  Chester  ba  g  .  It  was  proper  l  y  secured  by  a  string  and  sealed.  I  put  the  letters  on  a  table  in  the  post postoffice.  office. postoffice.  The  prisoner  was  there  and  engaged  in  sorting  the  letters.  I  did  not  see  him  leave  the  °See,  as  I  went  away  about  half-past  seven.  Tito  book  produced  I  know  well.  I  did  not  see  it  on  the  desk  when  I  wag  at  the  office.  It  was  not  near  me.  If  it  had  been  near  me,  in  the  ugnal  place,  I  must  have  seen  it.  The  letter  should  have  been  delivered  on  the  13th,  and  should  have  had  the  morning  mark  upon  it.  That  is  an  accident  that  might  have  occurred  in  the  hurry  of  business.  The  prisoner  sorted  the  letters  that  morning.  There  weeo  acrcial  witnesses  examined  tor  the  purpose  of  tracing  the  letter.  The  inspector  of  police  said,  he  went  to  the  post-office  at  the  request  of  the  inspector  -general,  and  received  the  book  from  the  assistant.  He  searched  the  prisoner's  house,  and  found  this  letter.  (The  letter  was  directed  to  himself,  and  written  by  himself,  but  was  not  allowed  to  be  put  in  evi evidence).  dence). evidence).  Two  five  pound  notes,  and  three  receipts  for  regis registers,  ters, registers,  and  a  pawnticket  for  some  plate.  Mr.  Banning,  solicitor,  applied  for  a  remand,  on  the  ground  that  there  were  so  many  defalcations  in  the  postoffice,  that  they  required  time  to  investigate  them.  The  magistrates  wished  to  have  the  present  case  proceeded  with,  before  giving  an  opinion.  Mr.  Brotherton  addressed  the  bench  for  the  accused,  and  called.  Henry  Worrell,  brother  to  the  prisoner,  who  stated  that  the  relatives  of  the  prisoner's  wife  were  in  the  shoe  trade,  at  Northampton,  and  had  supplied  them  with  goods  and  money,  as  also  had  the  prisoner's  friends.  John  Worrell,  a  clerk  in  the  post-office,  returned  to  the  office  at  ten  minutes  past  eleven  o'clock,  where  he  saw  the  book  produced  in  the  carrier's  box.  The  prisoner  was  in  the  office  at  the  time.  where  The  magistrate,  considering  the  importance  of  the  charg  e  e,  and  its  being  one  of  great  suspici  on  ,  sa  id  he  should  not  b  doing  his  duty  if  he  did  not  commit  him  for  trial.  The  prisoner  was  therefore  committed  for  trial,  the  magistrate  accepting  bail  of  two  sureties  of  £lOO,  and  him himself  self himself  in  £2OO.  WORKING  MEN'S  READING  AND  REFRESHMENT  Rooms,  PYE-STREET,  WESTMINSTER.  —This  institution,  which  is  situated  in  one  of  the  pooreflit  arid  most  densely  populated  districts  of  Westminster,  is  now  opened.  It  is  a  neat  and  commodious  building,  consisting  of  a  lecture  hail,  capable  of  holding  some  400  or  500  persons  ;  a  reading-room,  supplied  with  all  the  daily  and  weekly  periodicals,  the  leading  maga magazines,  zines, magazines,  &amp;c.  ;  a  coffee  room,  large  enough  to  seat  150;  washing  rooms,chess  rooms,  club  rooms,  &amp;e.  Working  men  bring bringing  ing bringing  their  own  refreshments  will  have  them  cooked  at  a  reasonable  charge.  Free  admission  is  granted  to  purchaser*  and  one  halfpenny  a  visit,  or  2d.  a  week,  charged  to  those  who  use  the  reading-rooms,  &amp;c.  without  calling  f  or  refresh refreshments.  ments. refreshments.  All  the  lectures  will  be  on  popular  and  scientific  subjects.  The  Rev.  G.  Malone,  of  St.  Michael's,  stands  first  on  the  syllabus.  LIGHTHOUSF,...—A  parliamentary  return  shows  that  the  corporation  of  Trinity-house,  ,of  Deptford  Strond,  received,  as  tolls  for  lighthouses,  &amp;c.,  in  the  year  ended  the  31st  of  December  last,  the  net  revenue  of  £169,781  18s.  6?d.  The,  charge  of  maintenance  was  £88,683  Is.  61d.  ;  leaving  the  surplus,  £81,098  16  111  d.  It  appears  that  the  duties  collected  at  the  office  of  buoyage  and  beaconage  were  in  net  £1'8,619  18s.  61d.  On  that  account  there  was  a  snrplus  of  £70,000  6s,  lid.,  which  has  been  applied  in  part  liquida liquidation  tion liquidation  of  the  debt  incurred  in  the  purchase  of  the  private  lights,  pursuant  to  the  act  of  the  6th  and  7th  William  IV.,  c.  79,  and  also  to  the  charitable  and  other  use;  purposes,  and  interests  for  which  the  corporation_has_been  established  and  maintained_  DISCOVERY  OF  ST  OLEN  WATCHES.—James  Rossiter,  wa  s  brought  up  in  the  custody  of  Grisenthwaite,  on  the  fol following,  lowing, following,  charge  :—On  the  previous  evening,  Grisenthwaite  received  information  that  Rossiter  had  in  his  possession  two  watches.  He  made  inquiry  and  found  that  he  had  left  them  with  a  young  woman,  name  Walsh,  who  keeps  a  beer beerhouse  house beerhouse  in  Chisenhall-street.  He  then  took  him  into  custody,  on  a  charge  of  street  robbery.  Grisenthwaite  afterwards  asked  the  young  woman  had  she  received  the  watches,  and  she  ack  now  l  e  d  ge  d  th  a  t  s  h  e  h  a  d  rece  i  ve  d  th  e  watches  from  Rossiter,  and  she  immediately  handed  them  over  to  the  offi officer.  cer. officer.  One  of  the  watches  was  found  to  bear  the  following  inscription  To  superior,  barrack  sergeant  Read,  on  leaving  Belfast,  by  a  number  of  his  friends,  April  6th,  18 STYLE=superscript  It  appearing  that  some  time  since  sergeant  Read,  who  is  stationed  in  Chester,  eras  robbed  in  Liverpool  of  this  watch,  a  telegraphic  dispatch  was  sent  to  him,  and  he  ar arrived  rived arrived  in  th  e  course  of  a  day.  Having  identified  the  watch,  and  proved  th  e  c  i  rcumstances  under  which  the  robbery  took  place,  the  prisoner  was  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  HIGHLAND  SOCIETY'S  WINTER,  Snow  exhibition  of  fat  s  t  oc  k  i  n  connection  with  the  Highland  and  Agricultural  Society  of  Scotland,  took  place  on  Monday  in  Edinburgh  Cattle  Market.  Similar  in  principle,  and  With  much  the  same  objects  as  the  Christmas  held  of  the  Smithfield  Club,  the  exhibition  —the  first  :ears  northr  the  Tweed—reflected  the  highest  credit  on  the  breee  of  agricidturists  of.  Scotland,  and  more  than  justified  thesananti thesananticipations  cipations thesananticipations  formed  of  it.  Considerable  interests  was  manifes manifested  ted manifested  in  the  success  of  the  experiment,  and  numerous  parties  were  present  from  almost  every  quarter  of  the  country.  The  exhibition  was  chiefly  confined  to  fat  stock,  as  distinguished  from  breeding  animals,  the  number  of  entries  being,  for  cattle,  91;  sheep,  53  ;  and  pigs,  14.  The  stock  generally  was  of  a  high  character,  so  excellent,  indeed,  that  to  decide  the  comparative  merits  of  some  of  the  animals  in  the  differ different  ent different  classes  must  have  been  extremely  difficult.  The  polled  cattle  from  Angus  and  Forfar  wore  generally  admired  for  flesh,  look,  and  condition.  The  show  of  West  Highland  stock  was  also  good,  and  attracted  much  :attention.  The  stow  was  very  successful.  Yesterday  the  bench  of  magistrates  was  engaged  for  seve several  ral several  hours  in  hearing  a  charge  agai  ns  t  one  of  the  post-office  officials,  vi  h)  had  been  apprehended  during  the  preceding  week,  under  !the  direction  of  J.  Ramsey,  Esq.,  the  inspec inspector-general  tor-general inspector-general  of  the  post-office,  in  consequence  of  the  nu numerous  merous numerous  complaints  of  the  non-delivery  of  letters  passing  through  that  post-office.  The  prisoner,  whose  name  is  John  Worrell,  was  a  clerk  in  :he  Birkenhead,  post-office,  and  also  occupies  a  shoe-shop,  conducted  by  his  wife,  in  Market-street.  The  inspector-general,  with  whom  was  Mr.  J.  Banning,  conducted  the  prosecutio  n  ,  and  Mr.  Brotherton,  solicitor,  appeared  for  the  prisoner.  •  The  magistrates'  clerk  said  the  prisoner  was  charged  with  secreting  a  posted  letter,  the  property  of  the  post postmaster-general.  master-general. postmaster-general.  The  inspector  general,  briefly  referred  to  the  25th  and  26th  section  of  the  act  of  parliament,  but  Mr.  Brotherton  insisted  that  the  prosecution  :  should  state  whether  the  prisoner  was  charged  with  secreting,  opening,  delivering,  or  delay delaying  ing delaying  a  The  inspector-general  said  he  should  enter  into  the  case  as  one  of  embezzlement  and  secreting.  Mr.  John  Ramsey,  inspector  -general  of  the  post-office,  London,  said  :—ln  consequence  of  the  numerous  complaints  which  had  been  made  on  the  12th  inst.,  I  wrote  a  letter  in  which  I  enclosed  the  half  of  aXI  Bank  of  Ireland  note  an  Irish  token,  a  shilling,  and  five  postage  stamps.  I  put  them  in  an  envelope  and  secured  the  seal.  I  placed  a  stamp  upon  it  and  about  noon  I  gave  the  letter  to  my  assistant,  Jones  Moule,  with  certain  instructions.  The  letter  I  addressed  Mr.  Murray,  Mrs.  Hamilton's,;No.  6,  Lord-street,  Birken Birkenhead,  head, Birkenhead,  near  This  letter  in  the  course  of  post  should  have  reached  Birkenhead  on  the  13th,  and  been  de delivered  livered delivered  on  that  morning  between  nine  and  ten  o'clock.  Having  received  information  that  the  letter  had  not  reached  its  destination  in  due  course,  I  proceeded  to  the  police-office  at  Birkenhead  and  obtained  a  warrant  to  search  the  prisoner's  house.  After  that  I  went  to  the  Birkenhead  post-office  where  I  saw  the  prisoner.  He  was  in  the  upstairs  room.  I  had  the  warrant  with  me  at  the  post-office.  I  told  the  prisoner  whe  I  was,  and  informed  him  that  a  letter  which  should  have  been  delivered  that  morning,  addressed  to  Mr.  Murray,  &amp;c.,  had  not  reached  its  destination,  and  that  I  came  to  make  inquiries  about  it.  He  said  the  letter  was  all  right  and  would  be  found  in  the  office,  and  requested  to  ex explain  plain explain  why  it  had  not  been  delivered.  I  said  you  had  better  be  careful  what  you  say  as  it  may  appear  against  you  here hereafter.  after. hereafter.  He  then  said,  it  is  the  practice  in  th  e  o  ffi  ce  w  h  en  letters  are  discovered  t  o  contain  coin  to  put  them  into  a  book  that  their  directions  may  be  entered  by  the  letter  car carriers,  riers, carriers,  and  that  the  letter  I  was  inquiring  after  would  be  found  in  the  office  in  the  proper  letter-carriers  box,  that  when  sorting  the  letters  on  that  morning  he  had  discovered  that  the  letter,  the  subject  of  the  inquiry,  had  contained  coin,  and  put  it  into  the  book  for  the  purpose  of  having  it  entered.  I  gout  my  assistant  into  the  office  for  the  book,  and  on  opening  the  book  I  found  the  letter,  which  I  now  produce,  enclosed  in  the  book.  I  took  the  letter  in  my  hand,  and  saw  that  it  had  been  tampered  with.  The  witness  described  the  appearance  of  the  letter.  I  put  the  letter  in  the  book,  saying  this  case  is  much  too  serious  for  me  to  deal  with,  and  it  must  go  before  the  magistrates.  The  prisoner  was  given  into  custody.  The  letter,  when  I  saw  it  before  the  magistrates,  was  not  as  I  had  left  it  in  the  book,  it  was  opened.  The  contents  of  the  letter  were  safe.  I  could  .say  that  the  contents  were  as  I  had  put  them.  Cross-examined  :  I  have  been  connected  with  the  post postoffice  office postoffice  for  between  30  and  40  years.  The  letter  was  posted  as  a  plant,  for  the,  purpose  of  testing  the  Birkenhead  post postoffice.  office. postoffice.  AusnreALlAN  - STYLE=superscript  mLviivd  INTELLIGENCE.  NEW  DIGGINGS.—We  have  received  our  Turon  corres correspondent's  pondent's correspondent's  letter.  lie  speaks  of  a  general  rush  to  new  diggings  at  the  head  of  Oakey  Creek,  at  which,  up  to  tale  time  of  the  discovery  being  promulgated,  one  party  had  realised  £2,880  worth  of  gold,  and  of  a  report  that  parties  were  making  6to  10  ounces  of  gold  per  day.  The  Turon  he  says  is  in  consequence  nearly  deserted,  from  400  to  500  diggers  having  settled  down  upon  the  new  ground.—Sydney  Advocate.  TAMB STYLE=superscript  AROORA.—Tambaroora  has  Suffered  severely  from  the  rush  to  Burrandong,  and  is  by  no  means  the  place  it  once  was  ;  but  a  return  tide  has,  set  in  without,  however,  benefiting  to  any  material  extent  the  old  digging  grounds.  Many  of  the  return  parties  have  commenced  operations  upon  the  Pyramul  where  there  is  an  immense  extent  of  untried  country,  over  which,  upon  the  various  points  upwards  of  a  hundred  dig  gers  are  scattere  d  .  Amongst  these  are  Bush  and  Newman's  party  formerly  of  Dirt-hole  Creek,  where  they  netted  70  and  80  ounces  of  gold  a  short  time  ago,  in  two  consecutive  weeks,  and  a  party  of  Germans,  who  have  com commenced  menced commenced  sluicing  with  very  fair  success,  the  former  being  provided  with  300  yards  of  hose  for  the  purpose.  A  local  celebrity,  who  answers  to  the  cognomen  of  Frank  the  poet,  has  added  his  physical  and  poetical  strength  to  the  former,  where  his  bones  and  sinews  are  likely  to  be  of  more  service  than  his  brains.  Mr.  Cole's  company  are  gradually  getting  together  the  material  of  a  great  quartz  crushing  establishment,  and  have  now  about  six  tons  of  machinery  on  the  ground.  They  shortly  expect  to  have  their  engine  erected.  At  the  British  Australian  Mining  Company's  Coronation  Vein,  matters  are  progressing  steadily.  A  number  of  miners  have  been  con contracted  tracted contracted  with  to  sink  90  feet,  of  which  30  are  now  employed  and  in  the  course  of  their  work  several  auriferous  threads  have  been  cut  in  which  the  gold  shows  itself  very  encou encouragingly.  ragingly. encouragingly.  At  the  Bald  fills  the  diggers  are  doing  an  average  business,  so  also  are  th  ose  at  work  upon  the  lower  pirt  of  the  Dirt-hole  Creek,  but  at  all  the  diggings  much  disap disappointment  pointment disappointment  is  experienced  at  the  manner  in  which  the  select  committee  are  dealing  with  the  New  Gold  Fields'  Manage Management  ment Management  Bill.  —Bathurst  Free  Press.  BEAIDWOOD,  August  30.—The  main  topic  of  interest  dur during  ing during  the  past  week,  has  been  the  discovery  of  a  nugget  weighing  5i  ozs.  on  Major's  Creek.  Nothing  larger  than  a  ew  penny  weights  has  previously  been  found  in  that  locality.  This  has  been  obtained  by  the  party  who  have  for  a  long  time  been  exceedingly  unfortunate,  and  whose  success  it  would  appear  has  only  just  begun.  During  th  e  greater  part  o  f  las:  week  they  had  been  work  at  a  new  hole,  which  they  bottomed,  and  obtained  in  two  prospects  on  Friday  about  4  ozs.  On  Saturday  morning  this  glittering  treasure  was  brought  to  light,  and  during  the  same  day  they  washed  out  nearly  16  ozs.  of  superior  coarse  gold.  In  this  were  some  small  pieces  weighing  a  few  iwts.  It  will  be  remembered  that  at  Little  River,  about  18  months  ago,  a  piece  of  7  ozs.  was  found,  but  with  that  exception,  this  is  by-  far  the  largest  ever  brought  to  light  in  the  district.  On  Major's  Creek  too,  it  was  scarcely  expected.  The  gold  there  has  generally  been  a  fine  dust,  but  it  is  quite  evident  that  in  this  vein  which  these  luckly  fellows  have  now  touched,  gold  of  a  coarser  deF,ription  may  be  expected.  What  agencies  have  been  at  work  here?  What  mysterious  - STYLE=superscript  operation  has  been  going  on  beyond  human  ken,  and  even  now  beyond  all  human  cognizance  ?  I  was  asked  on  Saturday  if  I  could  tell  '  where  it  came  from  my  answer  was  ,  who  can  Other  claims  adjoining  this  on  the  same  fiat  are  turning  out  very  rich,  10  and  12  ozs.  being  washed  out  in  the  day.  In  another  part  of  the  same  creek  some  men  are  working  very  steadily,  and  with  their  long-tom  are  washing  out,  ac according  cording according  to  their  own  account,  enough  to  bring  them  in  £1  a  day.  One  apparently  elderly  man,  is  quietly  at  work  by  himself,  and  without  any  great  exertion,  rocking  out  the  drift  soil,  and  he  told  me  he  made  about  4  or  5  dwts.  a  day.  At  Spring  Creek,  Mr.  Wallis'  party  of  eight  men  still  ave average  rage average  from  14  to  20  ozs.  a  week.  Some  are  still  doing  ex exceedingly  ceedingly exceedingly  w  e  ll.  At  B  e  ll'  s  Paddock  one  man  has  made  about  40  ea.  in  the  last  month.  At  Araluen  they  are  still  making;  very  good  wag  es  .  A  report  h  as  been  circulated  relative  eo  the  discovery  of  a  large  nugget  at  the  Mongarlow,  but  it  has  not  yet  been  confirmed.  Gold  has  been  selling  at  from  725.  6d.  to  735.  6d.  GREAT  YIELD  AT  BRAlDwooo.—Last  night  We  received  information  that  a  party  at  Major's  Creek  procured  in  one  day  (August  31),  68  ounces  out  of  one  cut.—Gotaburn  Herald.  THE  AUSTRALIAN  MAILS.---The  mail  steam-packet  Victoria  brought  over  the  largest  number  of  letters  that  has  been  received  for  a  considerable  time,  amounting  to  140  bags."
