text
"Ris  Honour  said  that  casts  c  wi!h,  and  that  tl,  a  been  eiv  .5  oat  not  having,  been  -,  and  an  irregularity  which  ought  ...lowed,  inasmuch  as  the  case  being,  as  he  consi considered,  dered, considered,  an  unprecedented  one,  the  proceedings  ought  to  be  conducted  in  a  strict  and  regular  manner.  Because  be  should  not  hesitate  to  say  that  the  circumstances  were  such  as  he  should  feel  it  his  duty  to  bring  under  the  notice  of  the  Lords  Justices  in  a  court  of  appeal  ;  and,  be  shmild  fur further  ther further  think  it  his  duty  to  bring  the  matter  before  the  Lnrd  Chancellor,  inasmuch  as  ho  thought  that  the  parties  con connected  nected connected  with  the  court  were  using  its  powers  in  a  manner  which  they  ought  not  to  do,  and  under  circumstances  which  a  , STYLE=superscript  ight  to  be  communicated  to  the  highest  tribunal  in  But,  in  the  first  instance,  he  took  the  objection  there  was  no  notice  of  matron.  The  only  application  upon  which  the  court  could  act  should  be  by  notice  of  motion  supported  by  affidavit,  and  there  being  no  fiat  in  the  world  before  the  court  to  put  in  motion,  he  objected  in  the  first  instance  to  give  any  reply  to  the  application  that  was  made  upon  him.  Mr.  Simon  was  about  to  reply,  but  his  Honour.said  that  be  had  rlo  locus  standi,  and  that  it  was  a  matter  entirely  for  the  court  to  deal  with.  His  Honour  then  proceeded  to  say  that  Mr.  Bardswell  and  other  professional  gentlemen  in  the  town_  took  a  wrong  view  of  the  section  which  affected  the  point  at  issue.  They  seemed  to  think  the  court  ought  to  be  moved  before  it  put  its  jurisdiction  in  motion,  but  that  Was  not  necessary,  and  he  had  so  thought  and  acted  in  some  cases  at  Bristol  roiig  before  the  court  seas  constituted  as  it  now  was.  He  considered  it  quite  sufficient  if  the  court  were  made  aware  of  any  commission  or  fiat  not  being  in  the  court,  for  the  court  of  its  own  mere  motion  to  issue,  as  it  bad  done  in  this  case,  S  summons  for  the  production  of  any  such  commission,  which  he  begged  to  sty  he  considered  ought  to  have  been  immediately  brought  to  the  court.  The  court  was  not  moved  by  any  improper  exercise  of  its  authority,  but  it  was  bound,  directly  i  knew  there  were  records  belonging  to  it  which  were  not  it  it,  to  see  that  they  were  brought  and  made  records  of  it  by  being  placed  on  the  file.  In  that  view  of  the  law  Mr.  Commissioner  Perry  concurred,'  and,  therefore,  without  any  affidavit,  but  being  informed  that.  there  were  certai  n  jilts,  bearing  certain  names,  in  the  possession  of  a  certain  solicitor,  and  that  not  being  denied,  the  court'had,  in  .i  the  exercise  of  its  j  ur  i  s  di  ct  i  on,  issued  the  summons  for  thet4  nroduction.  He  presumed  the  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  were  in  Mt.  tßardswell's  possession  ?  Mr.  Bardsweli  replied  that  he  nelther  admitted  nor  denied  it.  A  lengthened  discussion  took  pldee  on  this  point,  and  it  appeared  that  the  summons  served  oh  Mr.  Bardswell  was  incorrect,  inasmuch  ai  the  commission,  of  bankruptcy  had  not  been  issued  against  Patrick  Magee  and  Michael  Corcoran,  but  against  Patrick  Magee,  who  alone  had  been  made  a  bankrupt.  His  Honour  then  said  that,  irrespective  of  the  summons,  as  an  officer  of  the  court  Mr.  Bardswell  was  bound  to  answer  the  qorstior  of  the  court,  wheth  e  r  he  had  any  proceedine—  -  not  to  b  be  land  under,  a  ,ptcy  lotted  against  Patrick  Magee  Mr.  Bardswell  rep  i  3  that  there  could  be  no  difficulty  in  answering  the  queatk  but  he  thought  the  court  would  not  object  to  say  whether  t,  is  male  for  a  legitimate  obje4  or  otherwise?  Because  heshould  state  to  tho  court  that  the  present  application  was  male  totally  irrespective  of  any  matter  connected  with  the  estate  of  Patrick  Magee,  but  for  the  4hject,  of  takin  g  proceedings  i  n  ano  th  er  court,  to  do  away  with  an  enquiry  which  had  already  taken  place  between  the  client  of  the  party  on  whose  behalf  the  application  was  being.  made,  and  other  parties  ;  and  that  party  wished  t'  use  the  powers  of  the  court  and  its  documents,  not  for  any  matter  connected  w  i  t  h  t  h  e  estate.  but  with'  the  view  of  bringing  proceedin  gs  of  a  most  unjust  and  unwarrantable  character  in  anot  that  mi  g  ht  ba  -  her  court.  His  H  •n  our  rep  li  e  d  Olaf  e  request  to  the"
