text
"-CHANCELLOR'S  to  be  taken  at  common  law  h  all  the  usual  matte  rich,  in  the  present  instance,  were  entered  into  in  accordance  with  the  Act  of  1847,  er  supplying  the  Borough  of  Liverpool  he  bett(  It  the  report  of  the  case,  it  dertoo  by  the  to  the  before-,  ntioned  works  3  Mr.  HAWKS  tions,  and  lwarcls  Ind  certif  [des,  and  the  xpressly  prwlided  tha  yineer  of  the  , STYLE=superscript  e  made  a  party  to,  or  r  answer  any  bill  or  proceeding  at  law,  or  in  equity,  at  the  instance  either  of  the  plainti  f  fs  or  the  Corporation,  and  that  he  should  not  mpellable  to  explain  any  matter  relating  to  any  certificate  or  award  by  him,  or  in  what  manner  he  settled,  or  omitted  to  settle,  any  matter  between  the  plaintiffs  and  the  Corporation  ;  and  that  if  the  engineer  should  be  put  to  any  expense  by  any  such  means,  his  expenses  should  be  paid  to  him  by  the  plaintiffs  and  the  Corporation  jointly  !  The  bill  prayed  for  costs  against  the  Corporation  and  Mr.  HAWKSLEY,  and  the  latter  demurred  to  the  bill.'  re  have  italicised  what  we  conceive  to  be  the  narkable  features  in  these  transactions  The  case  was  opened  by  an  admission  that  the  accounts  between  Mr.  HAwksLEY,  the  Water-works  engineer,  and  the  contractors,  were  too  complicated  to  be  taken  at  common  law.  Where  an  able  judge,  assisted  by  a  highly  intellectual  bar,  and  a  jury  of  3tical  men,  are  said  to  be  unable  to  deal  with  such  transactions,  how  will  the  town  Council  be  able  to  comprehend  ;hem,  and  explain  to  their  constituents  the  exact  cost  of  the  Rivington  Pike  water  job  ?  Mr.  HAWKSLEY  cannot  give  the  necessary  informa information,  tion, information,  for  he  has  just  been  cast  in  court  on  what  ought  to  have  been  to  him  a  simple  matter  of  account.  And  what  will  our  readers  say  of  the  legal  advisers  of  the  Corporation,  who  suffered  proceedings  in  equity  to  go  to  a  hearing  on  such  a  paltry  and  childish  ground  as  that  set  up  in  the  defence?  There  is  something  more  implied  th  an  .•  meets  the  eye  in  Mr.  HAWKSLEY'S  attempt,  on  the  face  of  a  contract,  to  bind  men  down  to  conditions  which  every  schoolboy  must  know  to  be  perfectly  worthless.  Mr.  HAWKSLEY  anticipated  the  filing  of  bills,  and  proceedings  at  law,  by  contractors  against  the  Corporation  ;  and  he  adds  to  this  a  condition,  that  he  should  not  be  held  to  explain  any  matter  relating  to  any  certificate  or  award  by  him,  or  in  what  manner  he  settled,  or  omitted  to  ''settle,  any  matter  between  the  plaintiffs  and  the  Our  readers  will  know  what  to  think  of  Mr.  HAWKSLEY'S  attempting  to  enforce  on  Corporate  contractors  any  such  tyrannical  and  to  I  desnotic  conditions.  But  the  Vi  -CLIANCE  L  L  0  seems  to  have  seen  gh  the  character  of  the  legal  proceedings—the  expenses  of  which  remain  to  be  paid  out  of  the  Bo Borough  rough Borough  Fund,  unless,  indeed,  another  bill  be  filed  against  Mr.  HAWKSLEY  to  set  aside  his  agreement  ith  the  Corporation  exempting  him  from  and  that  of  costs,  nail  be  to  contribute  Irds  the  exp  DR  said  that  inusual  of  1"
