text
"THE  PENINSULAR  MAIL  We  yesterday  announced  the  arrival,  at  South Southampton,  ampton, Southampton,  on  Saturday  evening,  of  the  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Company's  steam-ship  Iberia.  A  private  letter  from  Lisbon,  of  the  10th  instant,  states  that'  the  board  of  health  had  declared  the  ports  of  London  and  Newcastle  to  be  infected,  and  all  the  other  ports  in  England  to  be  suspected  of  infection,  with  cholera  morbus.  The  letter  goes  on  to  state  that  the  rulers  of  Portugal  are  to  blame  for'not,providing  sufficient  Warehouse  room  for  the  Cargoes  from  suspected  ports,  which,  in  conformity  to  the  existing  sanitary  regulations,  must  be  landed  under  quarantine,  nor  decent  accommodation  for  the  passengers  sent  into  the  lazaretto.  The  screw-steamer,  continues  the  writer,  which  arrived  here  from  Liverpool  a  week  ago,  is  still  prevented,  by  want  of  room,  from  discharging  her  cargo,  and,  as  vessels  go  on  arriving,  the  evil  will  be  increased  by  the  accumulation  of  cargoes  .  awaiting  their  turn.  Some  of  the  consigneeS  have  sent  in  a  joint  representation  to  our  minister,  Sir  R.  Pakenhana,  requesting  him  to  urge  the  govern government  ment government  to  take  the  necessary  measures  for  putting  an  end  to  an  inconvenience  which  presses  so  dis distressingly  tressingly distressingly  •  upon  commerce.  Up  . STYLE=superscript  to  the..  present  moment  nothing  has  been  done,  but  I  that  it  is  intended  to  send  two  or  three  vessels  down  to  the  quarantine  ground  for  the  purpose  of  receiving  the  cargoes  of  the  vessels  that  arrive.  It  does  not  appear,  however,  '  that  anything  has  been,  or  is  to  be  done,  to  improve  the  lazaretto  for  passengers;  the  condition  of  which,  for  filth;  bugs,  fleas,  rats,  cockroaches,  want  of  water-closets,  broken  win windows,  dows, windows,  wet,  and  discomfort  of  every  sort,  is  'reported  by  those  who  have  undertone  their  purgatory  in  it,  to  be  beyond  anything  that  can  be  conceived  from"
