text
"LIST.  quantity  of  wreck,  off  Cape  Otway,  consisting  of  bundles  of  planks.  bound  together  with  iron,  and  packages  of  merchandize.  HAVANNAII,  Nov  21.—The  Irlam,  Jackson,  of  Liverpool,  which  sailed  hence.  Nov  16,  for  Falmouth,  has  put  back  to-day,  being  too  deep  in  the  water,  and  cannot  navigate.  LERWICK,  Dec  6.—The  Agnes,  Prentice,  from  Archangel,  has  put  in  here,  with  loss  of  cook-house,  bit  works,  &amp;c.,  boats  stove,  10  barrels  of  tar  and  pitch  thrown  overboard,  and  pumps  constantly  choking  with  tar.  DUBLIN,  Dee  12.—Arrived—Maria,  from  Taganrog.  QueENsTowN,  Dec  12.—Sailed—The  brig  Zoe,  from  Mauritius  for  Bristol,  in  beating  out  of  the  harbour  this  morning,  got  aground  on  the  bank  inside  Camdon  Point,  got  off  without  damage,  and  proceeded.  COWES,  DEC  12  —Arrived—Rattler,  from  Callao  ;  Rapid,  Wilmington.  FALMOUTH,  Dee  12.—Arrived—Roberts,  from  Rio  Janeiro  '  for  Trieste.  Off  Port  —  Maria  en  Adriana,  from  New  York,  for  Rotter Rotterdam.  dam. Rotterdam.  FIRIDPORT,  Dec  12.  The  Prudente,  from  Cardiff  to  Rotterdam,  has  put  in  here  leaky,  and  will  discharge.  SIIIELDS.  Dec  12.—The  Admiral,  of  and  from  Aberdeen  to  Sunderland,  which  was  stranded  on  the  6th  inst..  at  the  Souter  Point,  has  gone  to  pieces  ;  stores  saved.  HULL,  Dec  12.  Sailed—Orwell  La'  s,  for  Melbourne.  CROOKIIATEN,  Dec  12.—Arrived—Petton  from  America.  SouTußzin.  Dec  12.—The  Jane  Jackson,  of  '  Shields.  is  sunk  on  the  Black-tail  :and  ;  crew  and  part  of  stores  saved.  GIJON,  Dec  s.—The  wreck  found  derelict  off  this  port,  hai  been  brought  in  here  ;  the  letters  legible  on  the  stern  are  Core—ier  ;  the  beams  are  almost  cut  asunder,  but  apparently  very  little  of  the  cargo  is  wanting.  MELBOURNE,  Sept  13.—The  Protector,  which  arrived  here  on  the  16th  August  from  ristol,  was  burnt  to  the  water's  edge  on  the  l STYLE=superscript  l  loth  jest.  ;  she  had  a  quantity  of  patent  fuel  on  board.  Fe,  t  lg.—The  Punch,  (brig),  Ca'cutta  to  Adeizl'de  \yds  aground  on  Holdfast  Bay,  I3th  inst..  making  very  little  water,  but  expected  off  after  discharging.  -  -  GRAY  ES  END,  Dec  12.—Arrived—Hohenstaf 12.—Arrived—Hohenstafen,  en, 12.—Arrived—Hohenstafen,  from  Buenos  Ayres  ;  Bachelor,  Nykiobing;  Flecha  (s  ),  Ghent;  Valdemar,  Cronstadt  ;  Cambria,  Licata  ;  Julie,  Santander  ;  Mayflower,  Port  Vendres  ;  Queen,  tiotterdam  ;  Zeelus,  Amsterdam  ;  Milboy,  Malaga.  DEAL,  Dec  13.—Passed—Azores  Packet,  from  London  for  St.  Michael's.  Remains  —  The  Providence,  for  Australia.  ISHII'S  LOADING-FOREIGN."
