text
"INTERIOR  to  our  citizens  In  the  territory  of  Kansas  there  have  been  acts  prrjudiehil  to  good  order,  hut  as  yet  none  have  occurred  under  eirb  uni  .  s'ances  to  justiFy  the  interposition  of  the  federal  Executive.  That  could  only  be  in  case  of  obstruction  to  feder  a  l  law,  or  o  f  o-ganised  resistance  to  territorial  law,  assumi;  t  gs  the  character  of  insurrection,  which,  if  it  should  occur,  it  woulti  he  my  duty  promptly  to  overootne  and  suppress.  I  the  hope,  bow.  ever,  that  the  occurrence  of  an  t•  Pal  ch  untoward  event  will  be  prevented  by  the  sound  sense  of  the  peopl  e  of  the  territory,  who,  by  its  nr  i  ,.tie  law,  possessing  the  right  to  determine  their  own  domestic  insr.tittions,  are  entitled,  while  depar.ing  them.  selves  peacefully,  to  the  free  exercise  of  that  right,  and  must  be  prtsteoted  in  the  erjorrnent  of  it,  without  interference  on  the  part  of  the  citizens  of  any  of  the  States.  The  southern  boundary  line  of  this  territory  has  never  been  surveyed  and  established.  The  rapidly  extending  settlements  in  that  region,  and  the  fact  that  the  main  route  between  Inde Independence,  pendence, Independence,  in  the  State  of  Missouri,  and  New  Mexico,  is  con contiguous  tiguous contiguous  to  this  line,  suggest  the  probability  that  embarrassing  questions  of  jurisdiction  may  consequently  arise.  For  these  and  other  considerations,  I  commend  the  subject  to  your  early  attention.  The  Message  then  proceeds  at  great  length  to  take  a  retro•  spect  of  the  constitutional  theory  of  the  United  States  govern government,  ment, government,  and  thus  concludes  I  know  that  our  Union  is  stronger  a  thousand  times  than  all  the  wild  and  chimerical  schemes  of  social  change  which  are  generated,  one  upon  ano another,  ther, another,  in  the  unstable'tninds  of  visionary  sophists,  and  interested  agitators.  I  rely  confidently  on  the  patriotism  of  the  people,  on  the  dignity  and  self-respect  of  the  States,  on  the  wisdom  of  Congress,  and,  above  all,  on  the  continued  gracious  favour  of  Almighty  God,  to  maintain,  against  all  enemies,  whether  at  home  or  abroad,  the  sanctity  of  the  Constitution,  and  the  integ integrity  rity integrity  of  the  Union.  FRANKLIN  PIERCE,  Washington,  31st  December,  1855."
