text
"LIVERPOOL  CORN  MARKET:-MTERDAy.  In  the  New  .  York  market,  week  ending  llth  inst.,  the  value  of  Wheat  and  Flour  closed  at  some  decline,  and  with  more  'stringent  money  market,  a  fair  export  and  speculative  inquiry  for  produce  existing.  Freights  continned  high,  Exports  of  week  to  Liverpool  ...  15,000  qrs.  Wheat..  8,091  bar.  Flour.  London..  lO,OOO  ditto  ...  10,209  ditto.  Falmouth  ..  2,000•  ditto  ...  France  and  Holland  8,000  ..  18,342  ditto  Prices  of  white  Michigan  Wheat  625.  6d.  per  480  lbs.  ;  of  Western  Canal  Flour  335.  per  barrel,  cost  and  freight  to  Liverpool.  Indian  Corn  not  shipping  at  present  in  this  direction.  The  last  few  days  have  been  very  favourable  for  the  country,  but  the  prejudicial  effects  of  the  late  rains  in  regard  to  the  outstanding  crops,  and  the  total  prevention  of  Wheat  sowing  in  many  districts;  are  too  apparent  not  to  create  anxiety;  this,  with  the  more  threatening  aspect  of  Eastern  affairs,  and  the  disadvantageous  position  this  country  occupies,  through  high  pricei  abroad  and  exorbitant  rates  of  Freight,  is  imparting  a  further  impulse  to  the  trade  in  all  the  leading  markets  of  the  kingdom,  and  higher  values  have  been  generally  attained  up  to  the  close  of  the  week,  as  well  as  at  Mark  Lane  yesterday.  The  receipts  into  this  port,  during  the  week  ending  yesterday,  consist  of  a  fair  supply  of  Barley  and  Oatmeal  from  Ireland  ;  but  of  other  produce  thence,  or  of  any  coastwise,  the  arrivals  are  inconsiderable  :  of  Foreign  Wheat  and  Flour,  however,  the  import  is  extensive,  principally  from  the  United  States  and  Canada,  and  partly  from  the  North  and  South  of  Europe  and  Egypt  ;  the  rest  of  the  arrivals  being  only  moderate  in  amount  ;  while  the  exports  of  the  week,  as  stated  below,  aro  increasingly  large,"
