text
"RD:  TO  WA  - STYLE=superscript  CO  UNCHI,  SPECIAL  MEETING.—YESTERDAY.  Yesterday,  at  Tielve  o'clOck  at  noon;  a  special  meeting  of  the  Salford  Town  Council  was  held  in  the  council  ch  amber, STYLE=superscript  _  .  town-hall,  Salft  There  was  a  v€  _  councillors,  this  being  the  first  nieeting  of  the  council  since  the  .extension  of  the  municipal  borough,  which  now  includes  the  townships  of  Salford,  Broughton,  and  Pendleton.  The  meeting  of  to-day  .was  held  under  a  special  provision  of  the  Amalgamation  Act,  for  the  purpose  of  electing  eight  aldermen,  -namely  ;  four  for  the  wards  in  the  township  of  Pendleton,  and  four  for  the  wards  in  the  township  of  Broughton.  His  worship,  the  MAYOR,  (Frank  Ashton,  Esq.,)  occupied  the  chair.  The  TOWN  CLERK  explained,  that  if  the  gentlemen  who  had  been  elected  for  the  representation  of  Broughton  had  agreed  unanimously  upon  a  list  of  gentlemen  to  be  proposed  as  aldermen,  he  believed  the  Salford  councillors  would  vote  for  that  list  ;  and  that  the  same  course  of  conduct  would  be  pursued  in  respect  of  the  election  of  aldermen  for  Pendleton,  in  the  event  of  the  gentlemen  representing  that  township,  having  unanimously  agreed  upon  a  list.  If,  however,  there  should  be  a  difference  of  opinion  as  to  either  list,  then,  probably,  the  Salford  councillors  would  take  a  part  in  the  election  of  aldermen  for  Broughton  and  Pendleton.  Pro Probably,  bably, Probably,  the  same  mode  of  procedure  would  be  adopted  on  Wednesday  next,  when  the  Salford  councillors  would  have  to  elect  some  aldermen.  If,  on  that  occasion  they  should  present,  for'the  adoption  of  the  council,  a  list  of  gentlemen  to  fill  the  office  of  aldermen,  which  they  had  unanimously  agreed  upon,  then,  probably,  the  gentlemen  from  Broughton  and  Pendleton  would  not  interfere  with  the  election.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Town  Clerk  then  read  a  document  which  was  handed  to  him  by  the  Mayor.  It  was  a  protest,  signed  by  Messrs.  Drinkwater,  Mellor,  and  Leigh,  against  the  election  for  St.  Stephen's  ward,  Salford,  'of  Mr.  Jonathan  Thompson,  pawnbroker,  on  the  ground  that,  at  the  time  of  his  election,  he  was  a  ward  assessor.  He  (the  town  clerk)  apprehended  that,  the  protest  having  been  read  in  the  presence  of  Mr.  Thompson,  it  was  for  that  gentleman  to  decide,  whether  he  would  make  the  usual  declaration  on  accepting  the  office  of  councillor,  and  then  it  would  be  within  the  province  of  any  burgess,  to  take  steps  for  the  purpose  of  ascertaining  whether  Mr.  Thompson  had  a  legal  right  to  take  a  seat  in  the  council  under  these  circumstances.  That  was  not  the  pro province  vince province  of  the  council,  .but  of  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench,  and  he  did  not  think  it  would  be  proper  on  his  part,  as  town  clerk,  to  give  any  opinion  of  his  own,  as  to  what  would  be  the  probable  decision  of  the  court,  supposing  it  was  applied  to.  Mr.  Councillor  THOMPSON  said,  he  asked  the  town-clerk,  on  taking  the  office  of  ward  treasurer,  whether  that  would  prevent  him  from  taking  the  office  of  councillor  for  one  of  the  wards  in  Salford,  and  he  certainly  said  it  would  not.  The  TOWN-CLERU  said  that  . STYLE=superscript  was  his  individual  opinion  ;  certainly  he  gave  it  to  Mr.  Thompson  as  a  friend,  but  not  as  a  legal  adviser.  Mr.  Thompson  then  made  the  usual  declaration.  Mr.  Alderman  WORML  asked  whether  the  Broughton  gentlemen  had  agreed  upon  a  list  of  gentlemen  for  the  office  of  aldermen  ?  .  _  This  question  was  answered  in  the  affirmative  Mr.  Councillor  CAwLEY  begged  to  announce  the  names  of  the  gentlenien  proposed  as  aldermen,  as  they  had  been  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  decided  upon  by  the  councillors  for  Broughton.  And  he  might  be  allowed  to  say,  that  the  Broughton  coun councillors  cillors councillors  were  proud  in  proposing,  as  one  of  their  aldermen,  no  ether  a  person  than  the  worthy  Mayor  ,who  presided  over  tiem.  (Applause.)  The  gentlemen  they  proposed  were  the  fdlowing  :—Mr.  Frank  Ashton,  merchant,  Prestwich  ;  Mr.  John  Haden,  corn  merchant,  Broughton  ;  Mr.  Richard  Radford,  solicitor;  Broughton  ;  Mr.  William  Rearson,  manufacturer,  - STYLE=superscript  BrOughton.  Mr.  CoUncillor  WESTON  stated,  that  the  following  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  had  been  unanimously  agreed  upon  by  tlie  Pendleton  councillors,  as  fit  and  proper  persons  to  be  elected  aldermen  for  that  township  :  —Mr.  George  Smith,  solicitor,  Pendleton;  Mr.  Wiliam  Wanklyn,  silk  manufacturer,  Pendleton  ;  Mr.  Stephei  Heelis,  solicitor,  Pendleton  ;  Mr.  William  Ross,  gentleman,  Pendleton.  mayThoenNotAinftgerpathpeeryshwaedrebethenenexfialld  u  nun  e  ed  p  b  an  y  d  th  h  e  and  tow  ec  i  i  i-c  t  l  o  er  t  k  h  ,  e  The  MkTOR  :  I  declare  the  above  named  gentlemen  to  be  duly  elected  to  fill  the  office  of  aldermen  for  the  borough  of  Salford.  ',Applause.)  •  The  Tovic  CLERK  said,  he  was  directed  by  the  mayor  to  take  that  opportunity  of  informing  the  councillors  present,  of  the  course  which  it  was  proposed  should  be  taken  in  order  to  get  the  council  perfect  by  the  9th  of  November.  It  was  proposed  first,  that  if  the  councillors  of  Broughton  and  Pen Pendleton  dleton Pendleton  should  elect  members  of  the  council  as  aldermen,  their  places  should  be  filled  up  by  elections  to  be  held  on  the  Bth  of  November,  so  that  the  council  might  be  complete  on  the  9th.  The  election  of  aldermen  having  fallen  upon  two  members  of  the  council  for  Broughton,  it  would  be  re requisite  quisite requisite  to  have  another  election  for  Broughton  on  the  Sth  of  November,  for  the  purpose  of  electing  two  gentlemen  to  re replace  place replace  them  as  members  of  the  Town  Council.  The  election  of  the  mayor  as  alderman  for  Broughton,  would  cause  a  vacancy  in  the  representation  of  St.  Stephen's  ward,  which  ffould  be  filled  up  on  the  Bth  of  November.  Then  both  as  regards*Broughton  and  Pendleton,  it  would  be  re rethat  that rethat  some  of  the  councillors,  who  had  been  returned  )y  au  equality  of  votes,  should  have  a  meeting  to  decide  Vhich  of  the  councillors  should  first  go  out  by  rotat.on.  And  le  would  suggest  that  the  councilors  of  Broughton  and  lendleton  should  meet  together  as  soon  as  they  conveniently  mid,  in  their  respective  board-rooms  to  decide  these  points.  Aid  then  it  was  desirable  that  the  Broughton  and  Pendle Pendletot  tot Pendletot  councillors  should  come  to  some  resolution  as  to  the  conmittees  they  would  wish  to  have  appointed  to  manage  their  respective  districts,  and  as  to  the  gentlemen  they  would  wisi  to  have  nominated  on  those  committees.  Then,  again,  it  would  be  necessary  that  they  should  have  a  preliminary  meeting  of  the  whole  council  for  the  purpose  of  fixing  upon  some  gentlemen  who  would  be  willing  to  uniertake  the  onerous  duties  of  Mayor,  so  that  some  gen gentlemai  tlemai gentlemai  might  be  agreed  upon  who,  on  the  9th  of  November,  shoulc  be  elected  unanimously.  He  suggested  that  that  meeting  should  be  held  on  Friday  morning,  at  9 STYLE=superscript  o'clock.  After  tie  election  of  Mayor,  the  Salford  councillors  would  have  to  elect  aldermen  in  room  of  those  who  retired  by  rota rotation.  tion. rotation.  And  if  the  Salford  gentlemen  agreed  upon  gentlemen  to  be  ele;ted  as  aldermen  unanimously,  probably  the  coun councillors  cillors councillors  of  Broughton  and  Pendleton  would  not  interfere  with  the  election,  in  the  same  way  as  the  members  for  Salford  had  that  Oay  declined  to  interfere  with  the  election  of  alder aldermen  men aldermen  for  Broughton  and  Pendleton.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  LoraiousE  was  of  opinion  that  it  would  be  desirable  to  have  distiict  committees  appointed  as  quickly  as  possible.  The  Tow,  CLERK  said  he  should  be  glad  to  attend  any  meetings  the  Broughton  and  Pendleton  gentlemen  might  appoint,  at  which  they  might  require  his  presence,  with  the  view  of  giving  them  all  the  assistance  in  his  power.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  aldermenelected  were  then  duly  qualified,  and  assigned  to  the  several  wkxds,  as  follows  :  BnovonToN—St.  John's  Ward  Messrs.  Ashton  and  Sl  a  den,  on  the  Motion  of  Mr.  Lofthouse,  seconded  by  Mr.  Bradley,  SersalWard—Messrs.  Pearson  and  Radford,  on  the  motion  of  Mr:Cawley,  seconded  by  Mr.  Myers.  PENDLETON-St.  Thomas's  Ward—Messrs.  Smith  and  Warklyn,  on  the  notion  of  Mr.  Weston,  seconded  by  Mr.  Barrow.  Seedley  'Ward—Messrs.  Heelis  and  Ross,  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  Weston,  seconded  by  Mr.  Barrow.  It  was  then  arranged  that  a  meeting  of  the  Town  Council  should  be  held  on  Friday  morning  next,  at  nine  o'clock.  The  MANOR  congratulated  the  members  of  the  council  and  congratulated  himself  on  the  present,  their  first,  harmonious  meeting.  (hear,  hear.)  And  he  hoped  that  they  would  con continue  tinue continue  to  act  as  a  corporation  in  a  united  manner,  and  for  the  benefit  of  all  parties,  (Applause.)  The  meeting  then  broke  up.  A  GLASS  COLIIMN.—The  popularity  of  glass  as  a  milding  material—arising  out  of  Sir  Joseph  Paxton's  Crys Crystal  tal Crystal  Palace  and  Conservatories—will  cause  glass  to  be  employed  ins  thousand  ways,  to  which  no  one  dreamt  it  was  applicable  a  few  years  ago.  The  Prussians  have  just  resolved  to  make  it  sere  for  public  monuments.  A  column,  consisting  entirely  of  Mass,  placed  on  a  pedestal  _of  Carrara  marble,  and  sur surmounted  mounted surmounted  by  a  statue  of  Peace,  six  feet  high,  by  the  celebrated  sculrtor,  Rauch,  is  about  to  be  erected  in  the  Garden  of  the  Peace,  at  Potsdam.  The  shaft  will  be  ornamented  with  spiral  lines  of  blue  and  white.  Maiame  de  Stael,  one  night,  expatiating  on  the  merits  ot  . STYLE=superscript  the  French  language,  and  illustrating  her  meaning  by  the  wird  which  has  no  exact  equivalent  in  English,  '..,ord  Palmerston  answered  her  that  the  Americans  had  a  phrase  which  to  a  nicety  expressed  the  of  the  French—namely,  Tis  all  my  eye  and  Betty  A  SAD  ,hKE.-A  publisher  of  a  newspaper  out  West,  in  the  irst  issue  of  his  journal,  returns  thanks  to  those  who  have  loantd  him  pecuniary  means,  and  gratitude  to  heaven  that  there  is  nolaw  in  that  State  enforcing  imprisonment  for  debt.  .  .  SANTA  ANNA—It  is  stated  that  great  discontent  with  Santa  Anna's  Eovernment  prevails  among  the  intelligent  portion  of  the  Mexico  people.  Conspiracies  and  plots  abound,  though  notices  of  then  are  suppressed  in  the  papers,  which  Santa  Anna  has  gagged  with  an  efficiency  only  second  to  that  of  Louis  Napoleon.  -  -  Ambition  is  frequently  the  only  refuge  which  life  has  left  to  the  denied  or  mortified  affections.  We  chide  at  the  grasping  eye,  the  dariig  wing,  the  soul  that  seems  to  thirst  for  sovereignty  only,  anr.,  know  not  that  the  flight  of  this  ambitious  bird  has  been  from  a  Bosom,  or  a  home,  that  is  filled  with  ashes.—W.  G.  Simms.  WRITERS  OF  THE  SEVENTEENTH  CENTURY.—The  writers  were  few  and  intellectual;  and  they  addressed  them themselves  selves themselves  to  learned,  or,  at  least,  to  studious  and  diligent  readers.  The  structure  of  their  language  is  in  itself  an  evi evidence  dence evidence  that  they  counted  upon  another  frame  of  mind  and  a  different  pace  and  speed  in  reading,  from  that  which  can  alone  be  looked  to  by  the  writers  of  these  days.  Their  books  were  not  written  to  be  snatched  up  run  through,  talked  over  and  forgotten  ;  and  their  diction,  therefore,  was  not  such  as  lent  wings  to  haste  and  impaticice,  making  everything  so  clear  that  he  who  ran  or  flew  night  read.  Rather  it  was  so  constructed  as  to  detain  the  reader  over  what  was  pregnant  and  profound,  and  compel  him  to  that  brooding  and  prolific  posture  of  the  mind,  by  which,  if  he  had  wings,  they  might  help  him  to  some  more  genial  and  profitable  employment  than  that  of  running  like  an  ()  A  r  i  e  h  through  a  desert,—Taykeg  en"
