text
"c3  ;  se STYLE=superscript  Fa  rr STYLE=superscript  so  i STYLE=superscript  11'1'  :b  r  ;  Let  I  l  e  I  i,  P  OP  ITS STYLE=superscript  SIA  AND  TURKEY.  I'PLOGR,ESS  OF  THE  WAR.  (Pr  om  our  Second  Edition  of  yesterday.)  k  tel  e  ,  VIENNA,  SATURDAY  AFTERNOON.  illtt°;  a  a STYLE=superscript  Puie  despatch,  dated  COnstantinople,  A.  portion  of  the  English  fleet  has  111 STYLE=superscript  e  Black  S  ea  .  A  u  thentic  official  infor inforetts  etts inforetts  been  received  at  Vienna  of  the  Turks  Irossed  the  Danube  at  all  points,  except  to  received  positive  orders  on  h  al  ,  a STYLE=superscript  ssume  offensive  operations.  Russian  e  been  se  nt  to  Oltenitza.  t  r  a  :  VIENNA,  SATURDAY  EVENING.  6  4tl STYLE=superscript  ig  to  telegraphic  advices  dated  Bucharest  thel  ls STYLE=superscript  chakQif  had  returned.  It  is  said  T  4i  .  D  .  ll STYLE=superscript  lsia.a  troops  evacuated  lesser  Wallachia  ,t,  s  i  ,  B4 STYLE=superscript  twops  are  still  firmly  posted  at  4 STYLE=superscript  4  43  ;`'1l  14th,  the  Servian  Hospodar  refused  414 STYLE=superscript  `k:onsul  to  quit  Belgrade.  [4  I  t  JASSEY,  7th.  ~tlttr  i  l, STYLE=superscript  S  Si STYLE=superscript  all  corps  of  General  Luders  is  expected  T STYLE=superscript  he  Principality  from  Bessabaria.  I STYLE=superscript  l  s STYLE=superscript  ,.'ian.  military  governor  had  arrived  at  ',tof  - STYLE=superscript  ,'T  Russians  had  ordered  the  establish  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  44  - STYLE=superscript  ,  11.0 STYLE=superscript  spital.  at  Jassy,  first  to  contain  0,000  '`,,.  t  IA  I STYLE=superscript  le  Paris  Moniteur  in  its  noon  official  j,  4 STYLE=superscript  ° STYLE=superscript  1  7  1 STYLE=superscript  the  report  of  the  retifenient  of  the  _'4l  c STYLE=superscript  ross  the  Danube  without  any  fresh  '  i  i:  t  il STYLE=superscript  aild  without  molestation.  Osten-Sackens  4'  1)  1 STYLE=superscript  a4 STYLE=superscript  passed  through  JasSy.  The  Turks  k  t  '  %  k  kkalafat  aud.  the  villages  around  it  with  % STYLE=superscript  ,klt  r  eli,  and  were  recovering  fresh  reinforce reinforcek;,:ktol4°4l  k;,:ktol4°4l reinforcek;,:ktol4°4l  Widdin  and  Sophia.  p  ee STYLE=superscript  eti7  4 STYLE=superscript  itza,  the  Turks  retained  an  island  be bectisa!  ctisa! bectisa! STYLE=superscript  two  banks  of  Ergervum.  Accounts  of  t STYLE=superscript  he  ih-t  S STYLE=superscript  tate  that  a  column  of  Russian  troops,  ki  La STYLE=superscript  '  r STYLE=superscript  ell  to  reinforce  the  garrison  of  Pali,  had  k  l4 STYLE=superscript  e  - STYLE=superscript  I.l'sed  by  the  snow,  and  was  blocked  up  ° STYLE=superscript  ,':ue  defiles  near  Kara.  It  was,  therefore,  4  'or  .  vtobabl  e  th  a  t  th  e  place  must  soon  sur  e  ;.  n  in STYLE=superscript  ;es,  in  a  leadingarticle,  states  that  the  :4-  w STYLE=superscript  hich STYLE=superscript  hostilities  have  been  commenced  Teed,„  .  inrkey  .  and  Russia  leaves  no  hope  of  :  I STYLE=superscript  ,  ,, STYLE=superscript  e  r  Verrnination  of  this  conflict  by  any  direct  ,`  4' STYLE=superscript  e  e  i  l STYLE=superscript  lt  between  the  belligerent  powers,  ,  44 STYLE=superscript  tio  h  has  publicly  announced  his  deter-  L,'„tr  4  '  0 STYLE=superscript  take  the  field  in  the  spring,  and  ',`  l STYLE=superscript  ii  P  i  e STYLE=superscript  rer  of  Russia  will  certainly  be  roused  ;  4t STYLE=superscript  tlit  .  :  4  4l STYLE=superscript  l  iliating  outset  of  this  campaigne,  to  4 STYLE=superscript  th  l STYLE=superscript  e  war  with  increased  energy.  (1 STYLE=superscript  ,  4,  1  4  1  .,ether  hand,  the  combined  fleets  of  Eng Eng,'  ,' Eng,'  4  th  .A  . STYLE=superscript  '  l STYLE=superscript  ranee  have  advanced  to  a  position  from  ( STYLE=superscript  41;  3 STYLE=superscript  '  Can  never  recede  until  they  have  ob obqAti  qAti obqAti  -  great  object  of  their  intervention,  namely,  (,'1N,  9 STYLE=superscript  6  4 STYLE=superscript  ,0f  peace,  on  terms  not  injurious  or  un unii  ii unii  4 STYLE=superscript  atu  'l°  the  Ottoman  Empire.  In  reply  to  41  -t STYLE=superscript  al  el,  •  What  is  to  be  the  4,,  tp  ti  pression  't  ''elves  that  the  course  to  be  followed,  I'  terta terta,  , terta,  ~1  1 STYLE=superscript  4  In  contingencies,  ought  to'  be  de der%  r% der%  •  %  gistf  ii  , STYLE=superscript  kk  il  w STYLE=superscript  i  with  precision,  and  the  increase  to  .tf  Qti  v  °Yecl  for  the  attainment  of  our  object  or  e STYLE=superscript  T  ri STYLE=superscript  gaatovided.  At  present  no  such  agreement  IN  '  1 STYLE=superscript  1t1  ;  &#34;'till  exists  either  between  this  country  [  ottld  ey  Its  k  be  ii  or  this  country  and  France,  and  it  op  t  c STYLE=superscript  ialh,  '  r STYLE=superscript  ational  to  proceed  to  any  acts  of  warfare  Aoli  a STYLE=superscript  el,  u STYLE=superscript  nder  circumstances  so  peculiar  with 'with-1;1,'  a  n  `  r  ,  a STYLE=superscript  r  knowledge  of  the  nature  of  our  it  ge  p  - STYLE=superscript  -  the  extent  of  our  obligation.  1)r  /'ert  h  ~  eg,s  , STYLE=superscript  e4  c  government  appears  to  be  strongly  1 STYLE=superscript  1  '  4 STYLE=superscript  )4  with  the  necessity  of  such  an  agree agreek,.  k,. agreek,.  '  l STYLE=superscript  d  th  •  teq  i  a  Times  has  reason  to  believe  that  they  V  i STYLE=superscript  4c  4ti  fl STYLE=superscript  ed  their  readiness  to  conclude  a  treaty  of  tl)e  /  .  1  i  With  the  country,  which  would,  of  course,  q  i  h  r  ,  ° STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  he  adhesion  of  the  other  great  powers  for  k,  ;e  t  , STYLE=superscript  „'''se  of  imposing  terms  of  peace  on  the  -nts  ki  1  1 STYLE=superscript  tw  '  and  endeavouring  to  terminate  the  'q  a  ,  °  Memorable  precedents  are  quoted  for  1,  411 STYLE=superscript  Y,  l  ()li STYLE=superscript  rse,  namely,  the  Treaty  of  London,  of  iv  7  e  ,  and  the  Quadruple  Treaty  of  1840.  Gq  caii  not  k  %  4  ,  permit  the  Turks  to  be  Ata,,t2gests  the  advisability  of  preventing  such  ,1  0e  'llophe  by  the  adoption  of  terms  to  be  4  0  0  on  the  b  e  lli  geren  t  s  ,  n  o  t  by  th  e  h  um  ili  a-  A  d STYLE=superscript  efeat,  but  by  the  common  interest  of  Europe.  L  e STYLE=superscript  Post  understands  that  at  the  suggeststion  VIA.  Red.cliffe  and  the  French  ambassador  , STYLE=superscript  the  ivals  in  command  of  the  fleets  at  Constan Constan-4ie  4ie Constan-4ie  have  despatch  e  d  a  squadro  n  o  f  E  ng  li  s  h  an  d  steamers  as  far  as  the  Salina  mo  u  ths  of  the  f  t STYLE=superscript  he  ATEST  PARTICULARS.  r  e  ' STYLE=superscript  1  c  ional  news  supplies  no  intelligence  of  ths  tt  et  e  r  .  ions  between  the  Turks  and  Russians,  °ll4t,i  e STYLE=superscript  la  authentic  confirmation  of  our  previous  Li  Nile  of STYLE=superscript  the  position  of  the  two  armies,  as  well  4,  4 STYLE=superscript  lva  li  .  B STYLE=superscript  tatements  regarding  fresh  movements  character.  The  Moniteur,  of  Sunday,  ~e  , STYLE=superscript  ws  received  from  Vienna,  dated  19th,  i.  l  ;  4 STYLE=superscript  e  Llie  fact  of  the  evacuation  of  Oltenitza  and  'fit  tet°vernent  in  retreat  of  the  Turks  to  the  bee  u  lik STYLE=superscript  of  the  Danube.  The  manoeuvre  had  it  e  t‘v  ott  Preceded  by  any  fresh  encounter  between  'te(l.  ll4l STYLE=superscript  es.  The  passage  of  the  Danube  was  .  4,  eta  nt STYLE=superscript  ,good  order,  and  without  the  Turks  hav hav(lniftt  (lniftt hav(lniftt  ~w  - STYLE=superscript  sturbed.  Kalarch  and  Giurgevo  we  r STYLE=superscript  e  ilktithe  division  at  the  same  time  ._  The  advanced  posts  I STYLE=superscript  vlsion  of  Osten-Sacken  had  got  beyond  tp  A  th STYLE=superscript  )tri  ti\  N  left  bank  of  the  Danube  the  Ottoma  n STYLE=superscript  o  , STYLE=superscript  n  li STYLE=superscript  tinued  to  occupy  Kalafat  and  its  environ  s STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  A  '  o STYLE=superscript  men;  they  were  receiving  reinforce reinforcetef,'.  tef,'. reinforcetef,'.  Widdin  and  Sophia.  fi  rs  .Phie  dispatch  informs  us  •  Ad-  toov,  l STYLE=superscript  n  Hermannstadt,  of  the  19th  instant,  teospat  Prince  Gortschakoff  returned  to  Bucha  - STYLE=superscript  Pte  (  t  t STYLE=superscript  be  14th.  On  the  15th  the  Turks  at at-4'4,  -4'4, at-4'4,  Offsurprise  at  Turnul,  but  were  repulsed.  to  1  ,  1  4  t  i  'Lr  was  unimportant.  From  Kalafat  the  I STYLE=superscript  c4eg'  4  l STYLE=superscript  e  advanced  inland  one  German  mile,  and  4 STYLE=superscript  14  6  t STYLE=superscript  hemselves.  A  portion  of  the  French  fleet  th  e  e STYLE=superscript  ntered  the  Black  1,04  to  latter  sentence  '  of  the  despatch  is  an  addi additlittio44  tlittio44 additlittio44  Previous  statement  to  the  effect  that  a  Vl  4o  °  l STYLE=superscript  the  English  squadron  -had  sailed  into  tit  t  cc  Sea  from  the  Bosphorus.  hti  t  'l  s STYLE=superscript  te  c  hr,  despatches  from  Vienna  state  that  Prince  ern  44 STYLE=superscript  off  had  received  positive  orders  on  the  ,  p  o  '  4l STYLE=superscript  at  t  o  assume  the  offensive,  and  that  Rus Ruse  e Ruse STYLE=superscript  lit  ilt() STYLE=superscript  ons  had  been  sent  to  Oltenitza,  but  ,‘eR  ate  4r  h  lle4  ,illent  runs  counter  to  the  opinions  ex ex-4,l(„`llVie  -4,l(„`llVie ex-4,l(„`llVie  IT  most  of  the  letters  received  to-day  tk,N;  411 STYLE=superscript  a,  Paris,  and  other  places.  The  general  of  the  writers  seemed  to  be  that  the  A  ,Was  over  for  the  winter,  that  the  Rus Rust,tistirt-4d  t,tistirt-4d Rust,tistirt-4d  not  cross  the  Danube  nor  disturb  the  Iv  eh  tt STYLE=superscript  ,Di  er  i  Lesser  Wallachia,  which  was  in  fact  never  by  them  in  force,  while  Omer  Pacha  )  5  k1 STYLE=superscript  3  be  f  Prevented  by  the  weather  from  execute  '  l STYLE=superscript  lther  harassing  movements  against  the  ( STYLE=superscript  '  c STYLE=superscript  N•  ,  n  —  g  the  state  of  the  campaign  on  the  t4  :  (l STYLE=superscript  4t  a  .soore  of  the  Black  Sea,  our  latest  news  '  i STYLE=superscript  led  in  a  letter  from  Constantinople  of  tli  b  el STYLE=superscript  ite,ii  v STYLE=superscript  bich  states  that  after  their  victory  at  the  qt  o  ;'  Nicolai)  the  Turkish`  roops  had  crossed  et  ro  glan  frontier,  and  had  marched  to  besiege  li STYLE=superscript  ghold  of  Ahiska,  occupied  by  12,000  ;  r STYLE=superscript  lt  foll  •c  4  ° STYLE=superscript  f  th  'wing  remarks  of  the  Paris  correspond  - STYLE=superscript  Tintes  regarding  Omer  Pacha  's  extensive  lA  t  '  4 STYLE=superscript  inea  Dea STYLE=superscript  l's  to  express  the  general  opinion  en=  d  el  l  h  o STYLE=superscript  f  its  merits  The  aim  of  the  move-  Ot  says,  made  by  Omer  Pacha  is  now  pretty  tleliap„  e STYLE=superscript  rstood.  It  will  be  remembered  that  the  N  d  e STYLE=superscript  et  4111 STYLE=superscript  137,  on  assuming  the  defensive,  had  for  w  th  e  m  enace  the  Russian.  troops  who  occu occuttAte  ttAte occuttAte STYLE=superscript  at  1.  1  r STYLE=superscript  incipalities,  and  whose  head  quarters  X  rai  tl STYLE=superscript  ellarest,  with  corps  en  echelon  'at  Slatina  bk  2e STYLE=superscript  en  d  a STYLE=superscript  .  The  operations  of  ,Omer  Pacha  at  4( STYLE=superscript  Ancted  vigorously  ;  the  Danube  was  Nv  a.  Widden  also,  where  a  permanent  bridge bridge‘B.ti°l7l  ‘B.ti°l7l bridge‘B.ti°l7l  tl  ie  e  i  stablish  e  d  ;  entrenchments  were  thrown  W  a  ,  s  'eft  bank  of  the  river  ;  and  Lesser  Wal WalyDpo  yDpo WalyDpo  Pc.cupied  by  the  Turks  apparently  with withk  k withk  ;  while  a  similar  movement  was.  as  S STYLE=superscript  Y  carried  through  at  Kalarach.  to  .er  f  •  54,,e4  min  Vienna  They  (the  Turks)  .11j,%t  b'e  Danube  in  dashing  style  ;  they  have  ek  /t  N  fo  ra  Wallachian  ground  .  vely  on  •have  T~et  , STYLE=superscript  iy  t STYLE=superscript  hemselves  a  happy  prestige,  if  not  chi  kl  S  l  i  linfading  _laurels.  Blood—Russian  and  bi  °()(1---'-has  flowed.  Omer  Pacha,  having  t4H.  colnplish  d  N  I  at  e  all  that  he  could  hope  to  ac acti  ti acti STYLE=superscript  1  1  .'  1 STYLE=superscript  1  present,  seems  wisely  to  have  with withkhlB  khlB withkhlB  foi  Pon  order,  good  spirits,  and  good.  time,  1 STYLE=superscript  1  11 STYLE=superscript  1  1)  e  ~wer  position  on  the  right  bank  of  the  4  1  ,  1  t  •  q  4 STYLE=superscript  e7  e STYLE=superscript  :lh  e STYLE=superscript  y  rt STYLE=superscript  V  of  Russian  accounts  may  be  fairly  ep  ees  ca  w  .  e  following  bulletin  issued  by  Prince  t  at  4 STYLE=superscript  ,.  \  °f17  which  is  an  account  of  his  decided  qe  . STYLE=superscript  &#34;'  l STYLE=superscript  tenitza  •  OltVler  4Aittg  T,  Nov.  6.—The  attack  made  by  11  1  Ali  t  an ant  t ant  b  uenberg  on  the  Turkish  position  at  -14 STYLE=superscript  leei  ctu.  4 STYLE=superscript  s  attended  with  brilliant  success  for  a STYLE=superscript  mis.  Although  the  Turks  fought  with  great  courage,  and  their  most  advantageous  posi position  tion position  was  protected  on  the  right  flank  by  three  rows  of  batteries  of  40  guns,  planted  on  the  right  bank  (of  the  river,  probably),  and  by  numerous  batteries  on  the  left  bank,  the  ntissian  infantry  division,  in  the  Very  face  of  the  enemy's  fire,  succeeded  in  dislodging  him  by  means  of  a  bayonet  The  following  is  the  notice  issued  by  the  French  Embassy  at  Constantinople.:—  On  Saturday,  the  12th  November,  Will  take  place  at  the  Chancery  of  the  French  Embassy  at  Constantinople,  on  sealed  tenders,  the  adjudication  of  the  contract  for  the  supply  of  provisions  to  .be  delivered  to  the  French  Vessels  of  war  from  Constantinople  to  OdesSa  on  the  coast  of  Europe,  and  to  Trebispnd  on  the  coast  of  Asia,  from  the  16th,  Nov.  next.,  and  during  the  whole  period  that  the  Mediterranean  squadron  shall  remain  iu  the  Bosphorous  or  in  the  Black  Sea.  The  conditions  of  contract  are  deposited  at  the  Chan Chancery  cery Chancery  of  the  said  Embassy,  where  persons  who  intend  to  tender  may  consult  them  from  eight  in  the  morning  to  five  in  the  evening.  No  tenders  will  be  received  after  Thursday  s  the  10th  Nuvernber:,  Coristabtinopie,  Nov.  3,  private  letter  from  St.  Petersburgh,  of  the  9th,  assures  says  the  Patric,  that  the  Minister  of  War  has  recently  issued  an  important  decree,  and  which  has  for  its  object  to  put  into  execution  a  new  Imperial  ukase,  which  orders  an  extraordinary  levy  of  soldiers  in  the  central  ProVinets  of  the  empire.  The  same  decree  declares  that  the  different  corps  dakniee  now  in  the  field,  and  those  which  have  been  recently  *put  on  a  war  footing,  are  to  be  completed,  and  have  an  effective  total  of  80,000  men  instead  of  50,000,  as  is  ordinarily  the  strength.  The  com composition  position composition  of  the  different  Russian  corps  darinee  is  to,  be  as  follows  ;—Three  divisions  of  infantry,  two  of  which  are  to  be  of  the  line,  and  one  light  infantry.  A  division  of  infantry  of  the  line  in  reserve,  with  four  regiments  of  cavalry,  two  of  hussars,  and  two  of  lancers.  The  cuirassiers  Will  form  a  separate  corps.  A  battalion  of  light  cha,sSeurs,  a  battalion  of  sappers,  a  bridge  equipage,  and  a  battalion  of  gendarmery  for  the  police  of  the  corps  d'armee.  Twelve  batteries  of  foot  artillery,  having  each  eight  guns  ;  two  batteries  of  horse  artillery,  and  four  batteries  of  artillery  of  reserve  marching  with  the  division  of  reserve  ;  and,  in  addition,  a  body  of  6,000  PORTUGAL.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  yesterday.)  The  Portugese  Minister  in  Paris  announces  the  death  of  the  Queen  of  Portugal  in  the  following  telegraphic  message,  dated  Paris,  Saturday,  Her  Majesty  died  in  child  birth  on  the  15th,  at  noon.  The  King  is  declared  Regent.  Lisbon  is  tranquil.  According  -to  law,  the  King  is  Regent  until  the  majority  of  the  Prince.  The  elder  Don  Pedro  was  born  September  16th,  1837.  The  Queen  was  in  her  34th  year.  PARIS  BOURSE,  SATURDAY.  Business  more  animated  than  for  some  days  past,  owing  to  the  report  that  the  Turks  had  re-crossed  the  Danube.  Threes  opened  at  73f.  25c.,  closed  at  73f.  65c.,  Four-and-a  Half  closed  99f.  70c.  .  The  Herman  brought  693,000  dollars,  of  which  471,000  are  for  London,  the  rest  for  Havre.  LONDON  CABINET  COUNCEL.—The  Council  sat  for  three  hours  on  Saturday.—From  our  Second  Edition  of  yesterday.  LONDON—Considerable  shipments  are  being  made  to  ,St.  Petersburgh,  especially  of  tea  and  refined  sugar,  which  will  tend  in  some  degree  to  lessen  the  remitttances  of  specie.  The  shipments  of  specie  by  the  Euxine  for  the  last  returns,  amounted  to  £4B2,ooo.—From  our.  Second  Edition  of  yesterday.  IRELAND.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  MONDAY  EVENING,  'THE  SUBMARINE  TELEG.RAPEL—The  Belfast  Chro Chronicle  nicle Chronicle  says  :—Her  Majesty's  steamer  Asp,  under  the  command  of  Lieutenant  Alfridge,  R.  N.,  arrived  at  Belfast  on  the  l  oth  instant.  This  vessel  has  been  sent  by  the  admiralty  to  render  every  assistance  in  her  power  to  the  above  company,  and  to  pilot  the  Albert,  with  two  submarine  lines  across  the  chan channel.  nel. channel.  These  lines  are  expected  to  be  submerged  on  Tuesday  and  Saturday  in  the  ensuing  week.  There  are  two  large  waggons  employed  in  bringing  the  cable  from  a  field  in  the  Craigie  road,  each  load  contains  nearly  five  miles  length  of  line,  were  it  has  been  undergoing  the  operation  of  testing,  &amp;c.,  under  the  superintendence  of  George  Dering,  Esq.,  WhO  his  lately  patented  the  laying  down  of  sub submarine  marine submarine  cables  without  any  insulation.  That  gentleman,  with  the  Hon.  Mr.  Massey,  a  director  of  the  company,  have  been  some  time  staying  at  the  Donegal  Arms,  and  we  wish  them  that  suc success  cess success  which  their  unremitting  exertions  so  well  deserve..  We  understand  this  company's  telegraph  wires  are  joined  to  the  British  Telegraph  Com Company's  pany's Company's  at  Dumfries.  .  HEAD  PoucE-oFFIcE.--Considerable  interest  was  created  at  this  office  on  Saturday,  by  a  charge  being  made  by  Theresa  Kenny,  the  mistress  of  the  murderer  Kirwan,  against  Mr.  George  Darling,  that  he  had  obtained  certain  sums  of  money  from  her  under  false  pretences.  The  money,  it  appeared  was  detained  under,  the  representation  that  the  prisoner  was  an  attorney,  and  that  he  could  get  back  for  the  presecutrix  certain  property  of  Kir Kirwan's  wan's Kirwan's  which  had  been  forfeited.  At  the  conclu conclusion  sion conclusion  of  the  case,  it  was  intimated  that  the  crown  had  taken  it  up,  and  the  prisoner  was  remanded  until  he  could  procure  bail.  EMIGRATION  AMONG  THE  POLICE.  —A  circular  letter  signed  by  the  inspector-general  of  constabulary,  has  been  recently  promulgated,  the  object  of  which  is  to  check  emigration  in  the  police  force.  It  sets  forth  that  retired  policemen  representing  them themselves  selves themselves  as  agricultural  labourers,  and'  thereby  ob obtaining  taining obtaining  passages  to  Australia,  will  subject  them themselves  selves themselves  to  a  penalty  of  £5O.  The  alarming  large  number  of  resignations  recently  received  from  po policemen  licemen policemen  who  have  emigrated,  or  intend  immediately  to  set  out,  has  induced  the  inspector-general  to  adopt  the  course  indicated  above  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  preventing,  as  much  as  possible,  further  emigration.  CLONMEL  ELECTION.—The  Freeman  of  to-day  contains  a  large  quantity  of  very  varied  matter,  in  reference  towards  this  event.  It  all  points,  how however  ever however  to  the  same  head,  namely,  the  election  of  Mr.  John  O'Connell.  The  .committee  of  election  and  the  league  are  at  daggers  about  it,  but  as  yet  the  latter  have  not  put  forward  any  candi candidate  date candidate  formally:  Taking  things  in  their  entirety,  I  believe  there  is  little  doubt  of  Mr.  O'Connell's  re return.  turn. return.  SHIPWRECK.—A  brig,  name  unknown,  with  her  keel  uppermost,  has  been  thrown  in  between  a  couple  of  small  islands  on  the  west  coast.  She  is  laden  with  timber.  THE  EARL  OF  DERBY  AND  M.R._HUME,  M.P.,  ON  THE  EASTERN  QUESTION.  The  following  letters  were  received  by  the  Secretary  of  the  Manchester  meeting,  in  reply  to  the  invitations  sent  to  the  Earl  of  Derby  and  Mr.  Joseph  Hume  :  Knowsley,  Nov.  14.  Sir,—l  have  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  letter  of  the  12th  inst.,  but  regret  that  the  state  of  my  health  —  slowly  recovering,  as  I  am  from  a  severe  attack  of  illness,  which  for  the  last  month  has  almost  entirely  confined  me  to  my  bed—renders  it  impossible  for  me  to  entertain  the  idea  of  attending  .  the  proposed  meeting  on  Wednesday  next.  So  far  as  I  am  informed  as  to  the  merits  of  the  Eastern  question,  right  appears  to  me  to  be  altogether  on  the  side  of  Turkey  ;  and  I  believe  that  my  opinions,  as  to  the  utter  futility  of  the  pretexts  put  forward  by  'Russia  in  justification  of  her  acts  of  unprovoked  aggression,  are  shared  by  the  great  mass  of  my  countrymen.—l  am,  Sir,  your  obedient  servant,  T.  S.  Clayton,  Burnley-hall,  Nov.  16.  have  this  morning  received  your  letter  of  the  12th,  inviting  me  to  attend  a  public  meeting  to  be  held  this  day.  in  Manchester.  I  request  you  will  express  to  the  com committee  mittee committee  my  thanks  for  their  invitation,  and  belief  that  any  opinions  of  mine  could  have  aided  the  cause  for  which  the  meeting  will  express  its  sympathy.  The  invasion  of  terri territory,  tory, territory,  and  the  late  proclamation  of  the  Russian  government  against  Turkey,  must  secure  from  all  independent  people  the  strongest  feelings  on  their  behalf;  and  I  hope  it  will  be  proved  that  our  government  have  been  consistent  in  the  support  of  the  Turks.  If  victory  is  to  be  with  those  who  are  right,  the  Turks  must  be,  as  I  wish  them  to  be,  success successful  ful successful  ;  and  it.  is  quite  possible  that  something  advantageous  to  the  liberty  of  Europe  may  yet  spring  from  the  hostilities  now  going  on.—l  remain  your  obedient  servant,  JOSEPH  HUME.  S.  Clayton,  Esq.,  Hon.  Sec.,  A  MANUFACTURED  BAEL—During  the  last  few  cold  nights,  a  woman  has  been  :,egging  in  Oxford-street,  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  apparently  with  a  little  child,  well  muffled  up  in  her  cloak  ;  and,  as  she  was  very  importunate  and  annoyed  many  decent  people,  a  policeman  took  her  to  the  police-station,  and  it  was  there  found  that  the  baby  was  made  of  shavings  wrapped  up  with  rags  into  something  like  an  infantile  form.  —Manchester  Examiner.  THE  NORTHERN  ANOTHER  HORRIBLE  MURDER  IN  NORFOLK.  We  Have  again  to  ritofd  a  barbirOils  mitider  and  high=  way  robbery,  committed  at  noonday,  in  West  Norfolk,  about  12  miles  from  the  spot  where  a  man  was  shot  down  and  robbed  by  Groom,  who  was  executed  last  year.  The  person  whose  untimely  end  we  have  now  to  state  was  a  silversmith,  named  Lorenzo  Belia;  residing  in  St.  Stephen's,  Norwich,  a  native  of  Baden  Baden;  and  supposed,  to  have  no  relative  in  this  country.  lie  had  two  assistants  in  his  shop  at  Norwich,  to  whom  he  left  the  care  of  the  business,  while  he  travelled  through  the  country  to  obtain  orders  and  to  sell  his  jewel jewellery.  lery. jewellery.  He  sold  his  goods  to  country  people,  and  his  custom  was  to  take  payrOent  in  small  instalments:  Among  other  places  which  he  visited  at  regular  intervals  were  Welling Wellingham  ham Wellingham  and  Tittleshall,  villages  two  miles  apart,  situate  near  Fakenham,  in  West  Norfolk.  Last  Friday  Mr.  Belia  was  walking  from  Wellingham  to  Tittleshall,  about  1  o'clock  in  the  day,  when  he  was  last  seen  alive  by  two  la labourers  bourers labourers  who  were  ploughing  in  an  adjoining  field.  He  had  at  that  time;  according  to  the  cal calculation  culation calculation  of  his  aSSistants,  about  £3O  in  Money;  which  he  usually  carried  in  a  double  purse,  besides  his  box  of  jewellery,  and  a  few  watches  which  he  was  accustomed  to  carry  in  his  pockets.  Midway  between  Wellingham  and  Tittleshall  there  is  a  plantation  on  each  side  of  the  road,  and  on  one  side  the  plantation  ends  on  a  common.  Between  1  and  3  o'clock  several  persons  passed  along  the  road  at  this  spot  on  their  way  to  Derehamgmarket,  and  observed  a  quantity  of  blood  in  the  middle  of  the  road,  hitt,  having  no  suspicion  of  a  murder  having  been  committed  in  the  middle  of  the  day,  on  a  spot  so  much  frequented,  continued  their  journey  without  stopping  to  make  any  inquiry.  At  half halfpast  past halfpast  3  o'clock,  however,  on  the  same  afternoon,  John  Ro Robinson,  binson, Robinson,  a  butcher  residing  at  Tittleshall,  who  had  walked  over  to  Wellingham,  reached  this  spot  on  his  way  back,  and,  his  attention  being  arrested  by  the  great  quantity  of  blood  on  the  road,  he  stopped  to  look  at  it,  He  observed  that  some  portion  of  thd  blood  had  been  partially  covered  with  dirt  and  sand  scraped  from  the  road.  Just  at  this  moment  the  sons  of  the  Rev.  Mr.  Digby,  of  Tittleshall,  came  riding  up  on  ponies,  and  two  ladies  in  a  gig,  Mrs.  Digby  and  Miss  Sheppard.  The  whole  party  stopped,  and  their  attention  was  directed  to  the  blood.  One  of  the  young  gentleman  observed  that  there  was  a  trail  of  blood  from  the  road  to  the  hedge,  and  the  butcher,  standing,  on  the  hedge,  saw  that  the  trail  was  continued  through  the  ,  fence  into  the  ditch  of  Tittleshall-common,  on  the  other  side,  Where  a  horrible  spectacle  was  presented.  The  body  of  Mr:  Bella  was  found  with  his  legs  towards  the  hedge  ;  and  the  coat-collar  up,  as  if  the  murdered  nian  had  been  dragged  by  his  coat-collar  through  the  fence.  Beside  the  body  lay  Mr.  Belia's  box  of  jewellery  unopened,  but  taken  out  of  the  hag  ;  his  stick  and  umbrella,  and  also  a  large  hatchet,  such  as  is  used  for  felling  timber.  The  blade  of  the  hatchet  was  covered  with  blood  and  hair,  and  it  was  evidently  the  wea weapon  pon weapon  by  which  the  unfortunate  man  had  been  murdered.  The  pockets  of  his  trousers  had  been  turned  inside  out,  and  rifled;  but  an  account-book  was  found  in  his  pocket,  and  in  his  waistcoat-pocket  a  watch,  still  going.  His  head  had  been  nearly  severed  from  his  body  by  a  blow  at  the  back  of  the  neck,  and  there  were  four  deeply  cut  wounds  across  the  temples  and  face,  any  one  of  which  would  have  caused  death.  The  right  eye  was  driven  inwards  to  the  depth  of  nearly  an  inch  ;  indeed  the  poor  man  appeared  to  have  been  felled  like  an  ox,  and  drao•cred  into  the  ditch.  A  man  named  William  Thompson,  employed  in  felling  timber,  is  in  custody  charged  with  the  murder  ;  and  from  the  evidence  already  adduced,  there  seems  little  doubt  of  his  guilt.  When  taken  into  custody  in  bed,  it  was  found  that  the  legs  of  his  trousers  were  soaked  with  blood,  as  also  his  shoes.  It  has  likewise  been  ascertained  that  shortly  after  the  murder  the  prisoner  was  seen  with  a  hunting  watch  and  a  quantity  of  gold  and  silver.  The  watch  cannot  now  be  found,  and  the  prisoner  denies  ever  having  had  one.  A  man  named  Webster,  has  sworn  [that  he  saw  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  in  the  plantation  adjoining  the  ditch  where  the  body  was  found,  and  on  his  approach  the  prisoner  stooped  down  to  hide  himself."
