text
"BEER  HOUSB  CASES.  Jane  Moreland,  beerhouse  keeper,  Ashton-street,  was  sum summoned  moned summoned  for  refusing  to  admit  the  police  officers  to  her  house  and  premises.  This  case  was  fully  gone  into  last  week,  when  it  was  agreed,  on  the  suggestion  of  Mr.  Owen,  who  represented  the  defendant,  that  the  nano  shoultl  be  adjourned,  to  enable  each  side  time  to  attentively  peruse  the  ate  of  parliament.  The  clause,  under  which  the  information  was  laid,  was  the  4th  and  sth  Wm.  IV.,  c.  85,  which  enacted  That  it  shall  be  lawful  for  all  constables  and  officers  of  police,  and  they  are  hereby  authorised  and  empowered  to  enter  into  all  houses  which  are,  or  shall  be,  licensed  to  sell  beer  or  spirits  to  be  con consumed  sumed consumed  on  the  premises,  when,  and  as  often  as  such  constables  and  officers  as  shall  think  proper,  and  if  any  person  having  such,  license,  or  any  servant,  or  other  person  in  his  employ,  or  by  his  direction  shall  refuse  to  admit,  or  shall  not  admit  such  constable  or  officer  of  police  into  such  house  or  upon  such  pre-'  mises,  he  shall  be  liable  to  a  fine  not  exceeding  £5.  From  the  evidence  of  Inspector  Chew,  and  police-officers  58  and  705,  it  appeared  that  they  had  applied  for  admission  to  the,  house—that  the  door  had  been  opened  and  they  had  been  admitted—but  the  defendant  had,  with  a  child  in  her  arms,  immediately  upon  the  officers  entering,  locked  the  door  of  a  cellar,  and  refused  to  permit  either  the  inspector  or  the  officer  to  such  cellar,  although  they  had  each  demanded.  Mr.  Owen  admitted  the  facts  that  the  police,  for  some  unac unaccountable  countable unaccountable  reason,  were  refused  admission  into  the  collar  by  the  defendant,  and  said,  the  real  question  in  dispute  was  one,  he  would  freely  admit,  of  great  importance,  not  only  to  the  public,  but  also  to  the  police.  The  point  they  would  have  to  settle  then—what  was  the  meaning  of  the  word  If  they  came  to  the  conclusion  that  it  meant  the  entire  house  occupied  by  a  publican,  then  the  police  would  have  the  power  of  going  into  every  room,  even  the  bed-room,  and  if  that  were  so,  an  Englishman's  home  would  no  longer  be  his  castle.  He  then  described  the  place  into  which  the  police  had  been  refused  admission,  from  which  it  appears  it  was  not  a  cellar,  but  a  shed  covered  in,  the  roof  above  touching  the  premises  ;  such  being  the  case  he  contended  the  police  had  no  right  to  enter.  Mr.  IXolme,  suppose  a  person  has  committed  a  robbery,—  he  goes  into  a  house,  and  when  the  police  are  after  him,  he  goes  into  a  shed  or  out-house,  will  not  the  police  have  a  right  to  apprehend  him  ?  Mr.  Owen  :  The  case  is  at  all  analogous.  The  Clerk  :  That  would  be  a  case  of  felony.  Mr.  Owen,  in  which  case  the  police  have  power  of  breaking  open  the  door.  He  contended  the  police  had  only  a  right  to  enter  where  the  beer  was  sold,and  not  where  the  beer  was  kept,  if  they  required  to  go  there  they  must  have  a  search  warrant.  Inspector  Chew  :  We  had  information  that  there  was  an  internal  communication  with  that  cellar.  Police-officer  ,58::  She  refused  to  admit  me,  and  she  after afterwards  wards afterwards  refused  to  admit  the  Inspector.  We  both  asked  her.  If  your  law  is  right  the  publicans  can  let  us  in  at  the  front  door,  and  keep  us  out  of  all  the  other  parts  of  the  house.  Mr.  Owen  :  We  have  admitted  the  facts,  and  you  need  not  be  so  zealous  in  giving  your  opinion  of  the  law.—l  am  talking  to  the  magistrates  who  will  decide  the  case.  The  Clerk  :  Them  is  a  great  difficulty  in  this  case.  There  are  two  important  points  involved.  If  you  decided  against  the  defendant,  it  is  quite  clear  that  the  police  will  have  the  power  of  going  into  every  part  of  the  premises,  it  will  be  admitting  that  they  possess  that  power;  if,  on  the  other  hand,  you  decide  in  favour  of  the  defendant,  then  the  police  may  be  admitted  at  the  front  door,  and  to  no  other  part  of  the  premises.  I  think  it  wauld  be  as  well—as  the  ease  must  be  decided,  to  consult  Mr.  Mansfield  on  the  subject.  Mr.  Bolton  said  he  was  of  opinion  that  the  police  had  a  right  to  go  into  all  parts  of  the  premises  that  were  licensed  by  the  excise.  Mr.  Holme  :  The  word  premises,  must  he  taken  as  mean meaning  ing meaning  the  whole  premises.  Suppose  that  the  parties  kept  beer  in  their  bedroom,  then  the  police,  I  contend,  would  have  the  power  of  going  there.  The  Clerk,  who  had  left  the  room  for  the  purpose  of  con consulting  sulting consulting  with  Mr.  Mansfield  on  the  point,  returned,  saying  :  Mr.  Mansfield  is  of  opinion  that  the  point  is  a  very  doubtful  one  ;  therefore,  you  had  better  give  the  benefit  of  that  doubt  to  the  defendant.  Mr.  Bolton  :  Pray  is  he  in  possession  of  all  the  facts.  Was  the  case  explained  to  him?  The  Clerk  :  I  have  explained  it  to  Mr.  Mansfi  e  ld.  _  _  _  It  was  decided  that  the  case  should  stand  over  for  a  short  time,  until  Mr.  Mansfield  could  attend.  That  gentleman  shortly  after  entered  the  room,  when  the  case  was  again  dis discussed  cussed discussed  pro  and  con.,  and  after  perusing  the  clause  of  the  act,  confirmed  the  opinion  he  had  even  to  the  clerk.  The  magistrate  therefore  dismissed  the  case.  Nicholas  Carney,  beerhouse-keeper  was  fined  ss.  and  costs,  for  permitting  persons  to  play  cards  in  his  house  at  twenty  minutes  before  12  on  the  night  of  the  4th  instant.  Stephen  Jones,  beerhouse-keeper,  was  summoned  for  having  persons  in  his  house  after  the  proper  hours.  Police-officer,  485,  visited  the  house  in  company  with  other  officers  at  a  quarter  before  one  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning,  in  which  he  saw  four  men  and  a  woman,  three  of  the  men  were  drunk.  The  wife  of  the  defendant  appeared  and  said  the  parties  were  in  her  house,  but  they  were  all  lodgers.  They  had  not  had  a  drop  of  drink.  _  _  _  A  witness  confirmed  the  statement,  and  the  magistrate  dis dismissed  missed dismissed  the  case.  Jane  Hager,  beerhouse-keeper,  Temperance  -street.  The  inspector  and  police-officers  27  and  643  stated  they  went  to  the  house  at  a  quarter  before  three  o'clock,  and  found  therein  eight  persons,  and  there  was  also  some  glasses  on  filo  table.  The  defendant  admitted  that  the  persons  wet()  there.  Tbey  were  all  her  personal  friends,  and  there  having  been  a  wedding  the  day  before,  they  were  making  merry,  keeping  it  up.  The  magistrates  dismissed  the  case.  James  Roberts,  beerhonse-keeper,  Wright-street,  was  fined  in  the  mitigated  penalty  of  ss.  and  costs  for  permitting  card cardplaying  playing cardplaying  in  his  house,  which  offence  was  admitted.  James  Tweedy,  beerhouse-keeper,  summoned  under  the  same  act,  for  having  his  house  open  after  the  proper  hours.  Police  officer  218,  requested  that  the  defendant's  witnesses  might  be  ordered  •  out  of  court,  which  request  the  magistrates  complied  with  and  at  the  same  time  ordered  officer  434,  out  also,  he  being  the  informer's  witness.  Police  officer  218,  then  stated  that  at  twenty  minutes  before  one  o'clock  on  Monday  morning,  he  was  informed  that  a  police  officer  was  drinking  in  the  defendant's  house.  He  went  to  the  house,  when  police  officer  504  rushed  out  of  the  house  another  person  into  the  yard.  He  went  into  the  kitchen  where  there  was  a  woman,  there  were  two  glasses  on  the  table.  The  Clerk  :—There  are  two  informations—one  for  har harbouring  bouring harbouring  a  police  officer.  (This  we  understand  was  withdrawn,  the  officer  having  been  dismissed  from  the  force.  The  defendant  admitted  that  the  policeman  was  in  the  house  with  another  person,  having  been  called  upon  to  turn  out  a  female  who  was  disorderly  and  had  called  in  subsequently  to  ask  her  about  it,  and  they  were  talking  together  for  about  ten  minutes.  She  had  no  person  in  her  house  except  those  who  lodged  there.  A  person  who  accompanied  the  policeman  confirmed  the  defendarit's.statement..  The  police-officer  218,  denied  that  the  witness  was  in  the  house  at  the  time,  but  ho  distinctly  stated  that  he  was  the  per person  son person  whom  the  policeman  had  first  met  at  the  door  as  he  was  entering.  The  magistrates  fined  the  defendant  10s.  and  costs  Edward  Dickson,  Upper  Mann-street,  beer-house  keeper,  Was  summoned  for  refusing  to  admit  the  inspector,  and  police policeofficers  officers policeofficers  58  and  705,  at  ten  minutes  to  nine  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning.  Police-officer  58,  stated  the  facts  of  the  case,  and  said  he  waited  fivo  minutes  at  the  door  after  he  had  knocked.  Mr.  Chilton,  who  appeared  for  the  defendant,  called  witnesses  who  proved  that  the  defendant  and  his  wife  were  not  up  at  the  time.  That  he  had  ordered  the  door  should  not  be  opened,  and  when  the  detectives  knocked  he  ran  down  stairs,  and  ceded  to  .them  when  they'  were  not  more  than  twenty  yards  from  the  door.  Case  dismissed.  Sarah  Ridley,  Tithebarn-street,  admitted  having  served  two  women,  with  some  ale  at  half-past  twelve  o'clock,  but  it  being  the  first  offence,  the  case  was  dismissed.  Richard  Barton,  beer-house  keeper,  St.  Ann's-street,  was  fined  108.  and  costs,  for  having  persons  in  his  house  at  ten  minutes  to  twelve  on  Saturday  night.  John  Sholes,  beer-house  keeper,  was  fined  the  same  amount.  for  a  similar  offence.  KING  HUDSON  AND  CERTAIN  Hud Hudson  son Hudson  denies  that  he  ever  stated  on  oath,  or  otherwise,  that  ho  had  distributed  any  railway  shares,  or  any  moneys  to  or  among  any  members  of  the  legislature,  as  has  been  alleged  against  him.  The  Bishop  of  Chester  has  licensed  the  Rev.  William  Whyatt,  M.A.,  formerly  curate  of  St.  Paul's,  Leeds,  to  the  curacy  of  St.  Mark's  Church,  Cheetham-hill.  The  Duke  of  Newcastle  has  subscribed  £2OO  (and  site)  to  a  fund  for  the  erection  of  a  chapel  of  ease  at  Cinderhills,  Basford,  Notts.  The  Bishop  of  Lincoln  has  subscribed  £5O,  the  Bishop  of  Peterborough  £5,  and  Earl  Manvers  £5O.  A  CALL  FOR  CONVOCATION.—BISHOP  GOBAT.  The  following  resolutions,  have  been  adopted  by  the  Manchester  and  Chester  Church  Union  That  having  seen  the  decla declaration  ration declaration  of  the  four  metropolitans,  in  which  the  subscribers  to  the  Gobat  protest  are  denounced  as  irregular,  it  is  the  opinion  of  this  meeting  that  priests  of  the  Catholic  Church  are  not  irregular  in  expressing  their  opinions  in  any  matter  which  concerns  her  interest.  That  this  meeting  would  fur further  ther further  express  its  earnest  hope  that  this  desire  of  the  metro metropolitans  politans metropolitans  to  manage  the  affairs  of  the  Church  according  to  due  order  and  regularity  .  will  hasten  on  the  time  when  they  shall  call  to  their  aid  their  provincial  synods,  without  whose  consent  no  declaration  made  by  them  can  be  strictly  regu regugular.  gular. regugular.  That  it  is  the  decided  opinion  of  this  meeting  that  in  the  next  assembly,  of  Convocation  it  is  most  de desirable  sirable desirable  that  the  clergy  and  laity  should  use  their  best  endeavours  to  diffuse  information  respecting  its  rights  and  power.,  with  a  view  to  its  complete  and  energetic  operations.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.—YESTERDAY.  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  The  transactions  in  for  - STYLE=superscript  eigillioduce  to-day  have  been  on  a  very  limited  scale;  of  sugar  only  800  bags  Bengal  sold  with  all  (at  auction)  at  about  provisions  rates  ;  and  200  bags  Brazil  at  21s  to  23s  per  cent.  No  sales  have  taken  place  in  molasses,  rum,  coffee,  or  rice.  Arr  E.-380  bales,  chiefly  all  were  disposed  of  to-day  by  auction  at  211.  10s  for  sound  common  to  241.  per  ton  for  very  good.  25  tons  Sapan  wood  brought  141.  15s  to  151.  2s  6d,  and  50  tons  best  seconds  brimstone  61.  lOs  per  ton  ;  200  bags  Bombay  linseed  are  reported  at  55s  6d  per  quarter  for  sound.  TEA..—The  market  continues  rather  quiet,  but  common  congou  is  steady  at  is  3d  per  lb.  with  little  offering  at  that  price.  REVIEW  FOR  THE  WEEK.  SUGAR  :  The  grocers  have  at  length  entered  the  market,  and  bought  more  freely  than  for  some  weeks  past;  the  sales  amount  to  650  hhds  BP,  6000  bags  Bengal  and  250  bags  Madras,  and  full  prices  have  been  paid  for  all  descriptions.  The,  saleS  in  foreign  consist  of  300  hhds  Surinam  at  33s  6d,  and  60  hhds  Porto  Rico  and  Cuba  Muscovado  at  345.  6d  to  36s  6d  per  cwt,  duty  paid.  No  transactions  reported  in  Molasses.  300  hhds  Cossipore  TREACLE  ,  sold  to  arrive,  have  been  re-sold  at  183  6d  to  19s  pe  r  c  w  t.  for  export.  COFFEE:  The  demand  for  ordinary  qualities  continues  un unabated,  abated, unabated,  but  we  have  little  or  no  supply  ;  the  week's  business  comprises  30  tees  Jamaica,  100  bags  Java  at  525,  300  bags  Singapore  at  48s  to  48s  6d,  and  a  small  cargo  of  Rio,  afloat;  at  47s  6d  per  cwt,  for  a  near  continental  port.  400  bags  PIMENTO  brought  6d  per  lb,  and  160  bags  Para  COCOA  27s  per  cwt.  RICE  :  No  sales  in  Carolina  ;  3000  bags  Bengal  taken  at  14s  6d  to  15s  3d  for  middling  to  good  white,  and  5000  bags  Arracan  at  13s  3d  to  13s  6d,  being  3d  to  6d  per  cwt  advance  on  previous  asking  prices.  The  business  in  RUM  is  trifling,  without  change  in  price.  TEA  :  In  the  early  part  of  the  week  some  large  parcels  of  common  Congou  were  taken  on  speculation  at  is  3d  per  lb  ;  ;  since  then  the  market  has  been  quiet,  and  but  little  business  transacted,  except  a  sale  by  auction  of  1600  packages  da damaged,  maged, damaged,  which  went  off  at  fair  rates.  The  demand  for  East  India  Drysaltery  Articles  still  con continues  tinues continues  dull;  40  bales  Bengal  SAFFLOWER  sold  at  95s  for  middling  ;  and  a  small  parcel  of  SHELL  LAC  at  525,  some  damaged  GAMIIIER  at  33s  to  355,  800  bags  MYRABOLAMS  at  8s  9d  to  lOs  ;  a  few  packages  of  BEES'  Wax  at  £7  lOs  ;  and  500  pockets  of  dead  COWRIES  at  43s  per  cwt;  90  cases  TINCAL  offered,  but  withdrawn  above  its  value.  In  SALTPETRE,  1400  bags  sold  at  27s  9d  to  28s  for  81  and  71-  - STYLE=superscript  per  cent.  refraction,  and  30s  per  cwt  for  3  per  cent.  Only  small  sales  of  NITRTE  of  SODA  reported,  at  18s  6d  per  cwt.  GUANO.-1000  tons  have  been  purchased,  at  advanced  rates.  DirEwooDs.—For  LOGWOOD  there  has  been  a  better  de demand,  mand, demand,  and  about  400  tons  sold,  at  a  5s  for  Laguna,  £6  103  to  £6  15s  for  Honduras,  and  £6  2s  6d  to  £6  7s  6d  for  St.  Domingo.  In  other  descriptions,  the  sales  are  limited  to  15  tons  Cuba  FU  STIC  at  £9  s  s  ,  small  lots  of  LIMA  WOOD  at  £l3  15s,  and  30  tons  solid  Rio  la  Hache  at  £lO  lOs  to  £ll  per  ton._  No  sales  reported  in  TUPENTINE,  TAU  or  RosrN.  ASHES  have  been  in  active  demand,  and  700  brls.  are  re reported  ported reported  at  31s  6d  for  Pot,  and  at  28s  to  29s  per  cwt.  for  Pearl.  2500  bags  LINSEED  sold,  at  53s  6d  for  Calcutta,  and  54s  9d  to  55s  for  Bombay;  500  pockets  Bengal  RAPESEED  at  555,  and  150  bags  MUSTARD  SEED  at  48s  per  quarter.  HIDES.—About  6500  salted  Buenos  Ayres  Cow  have  been  sold  at  42d  to  41d,  and  1500  dry  Bulls  at  6d  per  lb.  A  moderate  demand  continues  for  BRIMSTONE,  without  change  in  prices  ;  the  sales  are  about  150  tons.  With  rather  more  inquiry  for  SUMAC,  the  few  sales  made  have  supported  previous  rates.  ARGOLS  have  met  with  little  demand,  but  sales  of  CREAM  of  TARTAR  have  been  made  more  freely,  60  casks  having  been  taken  at  156  s  6d  per  cwt.  There  has  been  an  improved  demand  for  OLIVE  OIL,  the  trade  havin&amp;  been  induced  to  buy,  and  holders  submitting  to  some  reduction  in  price  ;  100  tuns  have  found  buyers  at  the  reduced  quotations.  _  _  About  50  tuns  pale  SEAL  OIL  have  been  sold  at  £39  per  tun  •  no  sales  to  report  in  COD  O  IL  .  LINSEED  OIL  is  in  moderate  demand  at  30s  per  cwt.  ;  100  tons  pale  RAPE,  on  the  spot  and  to  arrive,  realised  43s  6d  to  45s  6d  per  cwt.  70  brls.  American  Spntrrs  of  Tunpprrrirra  are  reported  at  56s  per  cwt.  _  _  Tile  sales  of  PALM  OIL  have  been  limited  to  small  parcels  on  the  spot,  and  60  tons  to  arrive,  at  £4O  per  ton.  The  TALLOW  market  continues  very  dull  ;  Petersburg  Y.C.  at  56s  6d  to  575;  South  American  of  good  quality  b  roug  ht  55s  to  56s  per  cwt.  LARD  is  in  limited  request;  small  sales  have  been  made  at  67s  per  cwt.  In  JUTE  no  transactions  by  private  sale  are  reported  ;  out  of  1100  bales  offered  at  auction,  760  bales  found  buyers,  at  £2l  p  n  fzemttohtnle7frotrr;lto:we  throughoutcommon,  as  esup  the  eh  :  w  2  eex  3  etke  l  ,n  6  bt  s  ufotofrs  spinners  their  i  o  n  o  n  d  e  rqs  immediate  quality.  y  c  .  he  h  t  eh  r  exe  e  t  te  um  h  a  ss  a  s  iivhee  sow  e  p  e  fee  n  ov:  ea  a  rz  s  s  t  se  e;  y  past  iu  :  r  e  niar  m  ti  :  a  t  n  d  moi  that  a  f STYLE=superscript  ed  r STYLE=superscript  a  c  r  u  at  i  r  t STYLE=superscript  t  e  con confine  fine confine  sON  ex export,moderate.want  port,moderate.want export,moderate.want  with  and  the  sales  of  the  week,  therefore,  sum  up  to  a  fair  extent,  but  without  producing  any  material  effect  upon  the  market.  American  descriptions  of  the  inferior  and  common  qualities  are  still  heavy  of  sale,  and  certainly  no  dearer,  whilst  the  sorts,  being  mach  in  demand  and  comparatively  scarce,  the  import  of  new  cotton  being  so  small,  owing  to  contrary  winds,  are  a  shade  dearer  than  last  week.  In  the  better  sorts,  fair  and  upwards,  there  is  no  improvement.  Brazils  are  pretty  steady,  and  in  fair  request.  Egyptians  are  still  heavy,  but  not  any  lower  this  week.  There  has  been  an  extensive  speculative  demand  for  Surats,  chiefly  confined,  however,  to  the  common  qualities,  which  are  now  fully  gd.  per  lb.  dearer  :  in  the  better  kinds  no  improvement  can  be  noticed.  4,470  bales  American,  40  Pernam,  200  Bahia,  240  Egyptian,  14,000  Surat,  240  Madras,  and  300  Bengal  have  been  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export;  and  35,910  bales  by  the  trade.  The  actual  export  consists  of  570  American  and  1,840  East  India,  in  all  2,410  bales.  The  sales  to-day  amount  to  6,000  bales,  of  which  1,000  are  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export.  LIVERPOOL  PROVISION  MARKET—YESTERDAY.  BEEP  sells  slowly  at  about  previous  prices  o  though  soma  holders,  anxious  to  clear  out  old  parcels,  would  take  rather  lower  rates.  The  new  referred  to  in  our  last  (Brown's  Chicago)  has  found  buyers  at  110  s.,  but  this  figure  has  been  paid  with  great  reluctance.  PORK  is  very  dull,  and  prices  again  in  favour  of  buyers.  Bacon  sells  slowly  ;  the  pros prospect  pect prospect  of  arrivals  of  the  new  cure  causes  holders  of  old  to  press  their  stocks.  LARD  is  lower  is.  to  2s.  and  buyers  hold  back,  anticipating  a  still  further  decline,  hence  the  sales  for  the  week  are  trifling,  in  the  extreme.  CHEESE—there  is  a  fair  demand  for  good,  but  ordinary  descriptions  move  very  slowly.  TALLOW  varies  daily  with  the  news  from  the  seat  of  war.  LINSEED  CAKE  is  flat.  LIVERPOOL  CORN  EXCHANGE.—YESTERDAY.  At  our  market  to-day  we  had  again  a  great  many  buyers  from  various  directions  in  the  interior,  who  took  WHEATS  freely  and  extensively  at  an  improvement  of  2d  to  3d  per  bushel  above  Tuesday's  prices  ;  the  demand  for  Ireland  was,  however,  limited,  and  but  few  parcels  were  taken  for  hold holding  ing holding  over.—Fr  oun  must  be  noted  fully  6d.  per  brl.  dearer,  with  tolerably  large  sales,  and  chiefly  for  consumption.  MALT  is  IS  per  °qr.  higher,  and  Malting  .  BARLEY  com commands  mands commands  rather  over  late  currencies,  but  grinding  lots  remain  dull  without  change  in  value.—BEANS  are  slightly  inclining  upwards,  but  the  transact  ions  are  in  retail.—OATS  in  steady  demand  at  previous  —New  OATMEAL•  moves  slowly  to  the  country  ;  fresh  parcels  of  old  are  in  some  request,  but  not  freely  offered.  Prime  sweet  INDIA';  CORN  is  held  for  6d  to  is  advance,  and  for  such  we  have  a  moderate  inquiry  for  Ireland  ;  feed feeding  ing feeding  qualities  are  less  wanted  to-day.  LONDON  PRODUCE  MARKET.-YESTERDAY.  SUGAE..—West  India  sales  400  hhds,  at.6d  cwt  advance  upon  last  Friday.  Refined  :  demand  brisk,  brown  lumps,  445.  Foreign  :  large  business,  yellow  Havannah,  22s  to  265.  COFFEE.—Ready  buyers,  Native,  48s  to  48s  6d  ;  Plantation,  58s  to  745.  TEA.  dull,  ordinary  Congou,  is  RicE.--Demand  active  ;  white  Bengal,  14s  to  15s  6d.  CorroN.—Prices  unchanged.  NUTMEGS.—Brown,  2s  3d  to  4s  4d.  TALLOW.—Little  doing;  fine  P.Y.C.,  55s  9d  on  the  spot."
