text
"THE  COURT  WINDSOR,  J&amp;NUARY  9.—Earl  and  Countess  Granville  arrived  yesterday  on  a  visit  to  her  Majesty.  The  dinner  party  included  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  the  Princess  Royal,  the  Count  of  Flanders,  Earl  and  Countess  Granville,  the  Belgian  Minister  and  Madame  Van  de  Weyer,  Lady  Fanny  Howard,  Baroness  de  Speth,  Col.  the  Hon.  J.  and  Lady  Sarah  Lindsay,  and  Captain  Burnelle.  THS  COUNCIL  OF  WAR  IN  PARIS.—The  steam-ship  Vivid  arrived  at  Calais  on  Wednesday  afternoon,  having  on  board  his  Royal  Highness  the  Duke  of  Cambridge,  Admiral  Lyons,  and  Major-General  Airey,  en  route  to  Paris,  to  be  present  at  the  Council  of  War  to  be  held  in  that  capital,  on  or  about  the  11th  instant.  After  a  short  stay  of  about  ten  minutes  his  Royal  Highness,  and  the  other  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  individuals,  took  their  departure  for  Paris,  a  special  train  having  been  ordered  by  the  Emperor  to  be  in  readiness  to  receive  his  Royal  Highness  and  his  fellow-travellers.  A  telegraphic  despatch  has  been  received  announcing  the  safe  arrival  of  the  illustrious  party  in  the  French  metropolis.  On  his  Royal  Highness  leaving  the  railway  carriage  he  entered  one  of  the  Imperial  carriages  that  hal  been  awaiting  the  arrival  of  the  train,  and  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  the  Tuileries,  where  he  was  most  cordially  received  by  the  Emperor  and  Empress.  General  La  Marmora,  and  several  other  members  of  the  council  have  also  arrived  in  Paris.  The  gallant  general  is  stopping  at  Meurice's  hotel.  THE  MANCHESTER  TURN-OCT.—A  great  number  of  operatives  are  still  on  strike  at  Manchester,  but  about  100  of  Messrs.  Birley  I;  Co.'s  workpeople  resumed  work  on  Wednesday  morning  at  the  reduction.  Some  few  have  gone  in  at  other  mills  on  lower  terms.  The  stoppage  of  a  large  mill  has  thrown  a  considerable  number  of  operatives  out  of  employment.  ARRIVAL  OF  THR  PERSIA.—This  leviathan  of  the  deep  arrived  here  yesterday  forenoon,  and  is  now  in  the  Hus Huskisson  kisson Huskisson  Dock.  So  much  has  been  already  stated  of  this  vessel  (reputed  now  to  be  the  largest  steamer  in  the  world),  that  but  little  remains  to  be  added.  She  will,  no  doubt,  even  here,  where  wonderful  vessels  are  the  rule,  cause  much  attraction.  She  has  been  described  by  the  best  judges,  as  the  finest  modelled  vessel  ever  built—her  appearance  being  singularly  graceful  and  light.  The  Persia  is  the  first  iron  paddle-wheel  steamer  built  for  the  Cunard  line  of  royal  mail  boats,  and  her  proportions  are  as  follows  :—Length,  390  feet  ;  in  the  water,  360  feet.  Breadth  of  the  hull,  45  feet;  over  all,  71  feet.  Depth  of  hold,  32  feet.  She  is  built  in  the  most  substantial  manner,  and  is  calculated  to  be  very  fleet  also.  She  has  seven  water-tight  compartments,  and  is  fitted  up  in  a  style  equal  to  her  wonderful  size.  No  doubt  she  will  attract  thou thousands  sands thousands  of  visitors  during  her  btay  in  this  port.  WoonswE  FERRY.—The  subscribers  to  the  fund  for  dis distribution  tribution distribution  amongst  the  captains  and  crews  of  the  ferry  steamers,  will  be  much  pleased  to  learn  that  a  sum,  reaching  naarlv  £6O,  has  been  collected,  and  that  it  was  yesterday  distributed  amongst  the  men—about  forty—at  the  ferry,  by  Mr.  J.  H.  Hind,  assisted  by  Mr.  3.  M.  Hanney,  Mr.-  M`Gregor  Laird,  jun.,  Mr.  R.  Godwin,  and  Mr.  Reed,  the  manager;  the  men  receiving  from  20s  to  35s  each,  according  to  the  rank  and  responsibility.  Mr.  Hind  addressed  the  men  before  distributing  the  money,  urging  upon  them  to  make  a  good  and  proper  use  of  the  money,  and  also  im imrressed  rressed imrressed  upon  them  that  one  great  object  of  the  subscribers  to  the  fund,  was  to  stimulate  them  to  increased  good  conduct  and  steadiness  ;  for  the  charge  of  the  captains  and  crews  of  the  Woodside  ferry  steamers,  in  bad  and  f  ogg  y  wea  th  er,  when  so  many  lives  were  placed  in  their  hands,  was  one  of  very  great  and  serious  responsibility.  The  men  all  expressed  themselves  very  grateful  indeed,  for  so  acceptable  a  mark  of  approbation,  and  promised  to  endeavour  to  merit  a  Ilin Ilintinuance  tinuance Ilintinuance  of  the  good  opinion  of  the  public."
