text
"COUNTY  COURT.-  YESTERDAY,  POLICE  COURT.  Y  ESTERDAY  ,  PASSING  BASE  HALF-CROWNS.  —Robert  Hales  was  charged  by  officers  421  and  665,  with  uttering  two  base  half-crowns  yesterday  morning,  between  the  hours  of  one  and  three  o'clock,  and  with  having  in  his  possession  twenty  nine  half halfcrowns.  crowns. halfcrowns.  Eliza  Laycock  disposed  that  about  half-past  two  o'clock,  prisoner,  with  two  other  men,  came  into  her  oyster  cellar,  at  Copperas-hill,  and  tendered  her  a  half-crown,  in  payment  for  six  penny  worth  of  oysters.  She  had  some  suspicion  that  the  half-crown  was  bad,  and  refused  it,  upon  which  prisoner  gave  a  good  sixpence  ;  prisoner  then  said  if  she  would  change  the  half-crown,  he  would  take  six-penny  worth  more,  whereupon  her  husband,  who  was  in  the  snug,  said  he  would  do  so.  When  prisoner  got  his  change,  he  asked  witness  at  what  time  the  Glasgow  haat  would  sail,  and  witness  said  she  did  not  know,  but  that  if  he  went  to  Swan's  public  house  which  kept  open  all  night,  he  could  see  the  papers  there,  and  they  would  probably  give  him  the  necessary  information.  The  men  then  went  out,  and  witness  immediately  tried  the  half-crown,  which  her  husband  had  taken,  and  found  it  was  bad  ;  she  immediately  followed,  the  men  to  the  public  house,  where  she  had  directed  them,  and  there  gave  the  prisoner  in  charge  to  the  officer.  Mrs.  Pul Pulfer,  fer, Pulfer,  who  keeps  a  public  house  in  Bolton-street,  also  came  forward.  She  had,  upon  the  same  morning,  taken  two  base  half  crowns  from  three  men,  answering  to  the  description  of  the  prisoner  and  his  companions,  but  she  could  not  identify  the  prisoner.  Officer  665  deposed  that  he  arrested  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  and  another  man,  whom  Mrs.  Laycock  could  not  iden identify.  tify. identify.  Immediately  on  arresting  him,  the  prisoner  drew  two  parcels  out  of  his  pocket  and  threw  them  behind  him,  and  on  picking  them  up,  he  found  one  parcel  contained  14  and  the  other  15  base  half  crowns.  The  prisoner,  in  his  defence,  said  he  came  from  Birmingham,  from  whence  he  could  pro procure  cure procure  a  good  character.  The  magistrate  said  character  would  avail  him  little  at  present,  as  this  was  a  -very  clear  case,  and  he  should  send  it  for  trial  to  the  sessions.  The  half  crowns  produced  were  extremely  well  executed;  they  were  of  two  different  issues,  one  bearing  date  1836,  the  other  1846.  ILLEGALLY  PAWNING.—Mary  Lynch,  and  Jane  Williams  (remanded  from  Wednesday)  were  again  brought  up  on  a  charge  of  illegally  pawning  boots,  stolen  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Roberts,  Pitt-street.  It  appeared  that  the  prisoners  came  into  his  shop;  and,  choosing  a  pair  of  shoes,  paid  one  shilling  upon  them  as  a  deposit.  After  they  had  left  the  shop,  witness  missed  a  pair  of  boots,,  and  suspecting  pri prisoners,  soners, prisoners,  who  were  in  the  habit  of  visiting  his  shop,  he  got  a  policeman  to  watch  them  until  he  saw  them  go  into  the  pawn  shop  of  Mr.  Ilyam,  Dickenson-street;  the  officer  there  arrested  both  prisoners,  and  on  the  person  of  Lynch  he  found  two  pairs  of  boots,  the  property  of  the  prisoner.  An Another  other Another  pair,  identified  by  him,  was  pawned  by  the  same  per persons  sons persons  for  three  shillings.  The  magistrate  said  he  was  not  satisfied  with  the  evidence  against  Jane  Williams,  and  she  should  therefore  be  discharged.  The  case  against  Lynch  was  clear,  and  she  should  therefore  be  ordered  to  pay  three  shillings,  the  value  of  the  property,  with  20s.  fine,  or  in  de default  fault default  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.—James  Mallet  was  charged  with  illegally  pawning  a  pair  of  black  cloth  trowsers  and  a  black  shooting  coat,  which  Henry  Overton  intrusted  to  his  care,  on  Thursday  week,  to  carry  to  the  Southport  Station.  Mr.  Mason,  of  Brownlow-hill,  pawnbroker,  proved  that  the  prisoner  pledged  the  clothes.  Prisoner  had  been  committed  before  for  a  similar  offence.  He  was  ordered  to  pay  ten  shillings,  the  value  of  the  article,  and  £2  10s.  fine,  or  be  imprisoned  for  two  months.  STEALING  ROPES.—  John  Lindon  was  sentenced  to  7  days,  imprisonment  for  stealing  ropes  on  Wednesday  evening,  from  the  ship  Post-boy,'  lying  in  George's-dock.  He  had  been  previously  committed  six  times.  FLEECING  A  SAILOR.—Ann  Connors,  an  elderly  woman,  was  charged  with  being  concerned  between  12  and  1  yester yesterday  day yesterday  morning,  in  robbing  a  seaman  named  Saunders  Mc  Clusky,  of  twenty-one  sovereigns,  in  a  house  in  Eldon-street.  Prosecutor  said  he  had  accompanied  a  female  there  after  leaving  a  singing-room,  and  was  a  little  in  liquor;  after  some  time  he  fell  asleep,  and  was  awakened  by  feeling  a  hand  in  his  pocket.  On  complaining  of  losing  his  money,  the  prisoner  assisted,  in  tumine  him  nut.  a  the  11117ISP  TT.  ..11.,1  an  officer  (312),  and  had  the  woman  arrested.  He  had  that  day  changed  125  dollars  into  English  gold.  On  the  part  of  the  prisoner,  it  was  attempted  to  be  shewn  that  she  was  not  in  the  house  when  the  robbery  was  committed,  ultimately  the  case  was  remanded  to  produce  further  evidence.  CHARGE  OF  ASSAVLT  AGAINST  A  POLICEMAN.—Officer  711  (Edward  Davies)  was  charged  by  James  Bannon,  a  flatman,  with  assaulting  him  at  a  quarter  to  four  on  Sunday  morning.  He  left  his  house  to  go  to  work.  In  Bannister Bannisterstreet  street Bannisterstreet  he  met  two  men,  and  in  a  short  time  afterwards  the  defendant,  with  another  officer,  came  up,  when  th  e  officer  ordered  the  two  men  away,  and  711  asked  com complainant  plainant complainant  where  he  was  going?  was  the  reply.  Work  be  d-d,  this  is  Sunday  said  711,  and  immediately  after  struck  the  complainant  with  his  baton  on  the  eye,  ear,  and  arm.  The  foreman  of  the  flats  deposed  to  the  good  and  sober  character  of  complainant,  and  to  the  danger  to  the  flats  that  might  have  occurred  by  the  delay  he  met  with.  Officers  465  and  320  deposed  to  very  bad  conduct  on  the  part  of  the  complainant  during  the  whole  of  that  morn morning  ing morning  ;  and  also  swore.  that  it  was  only  three  o'clock  when  complainant  first  came  up  to  the  defendant,  when  he  took  his  number,  and  charged  him  with  this  assault.  The  poli  ceman  charged  complaiant  with  being  drunk,  but  the  minute-book  described  him  as  sober  when  making  the  charge.  The  police  stated  that  Bannister-street  was  the  most  awful  district  in  the  town,  and  that  this  man  only  trumped  up  this  charge  to  excuse  himself  for  neglect  in  not  going  to  his  work  at`  a.  pro proper  per proper  time.  The  case  was  ultimately  postponed  till  this  day,  for  the  testimony  of  the  inspector,  that  the  discrepancy  as  to  time  might  be  cleared  up,  and  as  to  the  identity  of  the  prisoner."
