text
"stamp—indeed  it  amounts  to  a  species  of  jealousy,  which,  if  it  does  not  wear  certainly  car carries  ries carries  very  jaundiced  And  we  are  inclined  to  believe  that  a  few  of  the  London  journals  are  labouring  Under  that  species  of  opthalmia.  lioiv lioiveVer  eVer lioiveVer  we  shall  do  our  best,  as  opportunity  serves,  to  improve  their  vision—although  we  confess  to  its  being  a  hopeless,  thankless,  and  onerous  duty,  for  most  likely  should  we—  •  •  chance  go  right,  they'll  purposely  go  Be  that  as  it  may,  we  shall  never  silently  suffer  the  character  of  an  influential  and  honourable  class  of  the  community  to  writhe  under  the  foul  aspersions  and  unmerited  castigations  of  our  Metropolitan  contemporary  without  an  attempt,  however  feeble  to  remove  the  one,  and  repudiate  the  other.  Tint  Emperor  of  FRANCE  has  made  another  great  concession  to  British  commerce,  and  one  which  for  its  importance  far  surpasses  all  those  which  have  gone  before  it.  The  Moniteur  publishes  a  decree  abolishing  the  restrictions  imposed  by  the  rescript  of  the  Bth  of  February,  1826,  on  raw  cotton  im imported  ported imported  into  France  from  Great  Britain  and  the  British  possessions  in  Europe.  Under  this  re rescript,  script, rescript,  cotton,  the  produce  of  Asia,  Africa,  and  America,  shipped  from  England  and  from  Euro  pean  possessions  to  France,  was  admitted  for  re-  exportation  only.  In  France  the  abolition  of  this  restrictive  law  its  a  boon  of  the  first  magnitude,  while  to  England  its  advantages  are  no  less  con considerable.  siderable. considerable.  THE  LATE  SHIPWRECK  IN  THE  IRISH  CHANNEL.  CORONER'S  INQUEST,  Yesterday,  Henry  Davis,  Esq.,  one  of  the  county  coroners,  held  an  inquest  at  Ringsend  on  the  body  of  John  Co-_  michael,  one  of  the  erew  of  the  Scotch  steamer  called  'the  Eva,  which  foundered  on  the'  coast  off  Dublin  Bay  on  Wed Wednesday  nesday Wednesday  morning.  It  appeared  that  she  had  been  a  paddle  steamer  on  the  Clyde,  not  more  than  nine  months  built,  and  had  been  lately  fitted  out  for  a  sailing  voyage  to  Mel Melbourne,  bourne, Melbourne,  by  unshipping  her  paddles  and  making  some  altera alteration  tion alteration  in  her  rigging.  She  was  an  iron  boat,  of  82  tons  burden  and  of  great  length  ;  and  on  leaving  the  Clyde  had  her  engine  and  boiler  on  board  in  the  usual  place.  She  encoun encountered  tered encountered  very  severe  weather  and  heavy  seas  on  Wednesday  morning,  and  the  weight  amidships,  is  supposed  by  those  who  were  saved  to  have  occasioned  a  breaking  of  the  vessel  in  the  centre,  and  her  consequent  sinking.  There  were  then  on  board  14  men  .and  a  boy,  including  the  captain,  named  Robert  Fisher;  and  also  his  wife  and  the  sister-in-law  of  the  latter,  making  17  in  all.  Of  these  seven  were  rescued  alive  through  the  heroic  exertions  of  the  captain  and  crew  of  the  trawler  Emerald  Isle,  two  of  whose  men  braved  a  dangerous  sea  in  their  small  boat  at  the  imminent  risk  of  their  lives  ;  but  one  of  the  seven,  John  Carmichael,  the  engineer  of  the  Eva,  died  shortly  after  he  was  taken  on  board  the  trawler.  The  remaining  six,  as  had  been  already  men mentioned,  tioned, mentioned,  were  brought  to  Ringsend,  an.d  hospitably  treated  by  the  inhabitants;  after  which  they  were  brought  to  the  Sailors'  Home,  and  taken  care  of  t  here.  The  names  of  the  survivors  are—William  Alexander  Gordon,  blacksmith  ;  Elisha  De  Avila  (a  Portuguese),  Alexander  Grammont,  Walter  Scott,  and  John  M'Kenzie,  the  steward.  The  name  .  ---  ---  of  the  sixth  could  not  be  a  s  c  er  t  a  i  ne  d  .  -  As  the  largest  hypothecator,  England  must  of  A  respectable  jury  was  sworn,  and  after  they  had  viewed  necessity  be  the  largest  holder  and  importer  of  the  body,  the  following  were  examined:—  cotton.  But  in  dealing  with  England  for  this  Bute;h  John  Mwagia  eslitezwiear7a  o  m  n  in  i  t  r  j  th  li  e  ve  Ev  in  a,  Isleßoss-  r  shire,  ok.  sl  C  l  i  e  f  commodity  France  will  obtain  her  supplies  had  been  a  paddle  steamer  on  the  Clyde,  and  was  fitted  out  on  much  better  terms  than  she  has  hitherto,  more  for  Melbourne;  her  paddles  - STYLE=superscript  were  taken  out,  but  the  engines  particularly  - STYLE=superscript  with  respect  to  the  co  tt  ons  o  f  Af  r  i  ca  w STYLE=superscript  kelartomonthbooarcdiydaendattheonbe STYLE=superscript  oi  o  l  ,  e  o  r  lo  l  c  e  L  t  o  fu  a  ll  T  o  n  f  ea  w  d  a  a  ter  a  ;  fte  w  r  e  re  itiad  Asia.  In  Asia  we  are  the  bona  fide`producers  ;  saile  d-  noon;  on  Wednesday  morni  ng  th  e  capta  i  n  came  dow  y STYLE=superscript  n  and  and  in  the  African  markets  ;we  have  nearly  a  per-  called  the  mate,  saying  boat  is  fast  feet  monopoly.  To  deal  with  England,  therefore,  pumped  anti!  d  wasd STYLE=superscript  filling;  ,  saowonwldatewrorukp  noto  the  lon  c  o  a  r  b  .  in  t  t  i  l  o  oo  o  r  n  ,  and  for  raw  cotton  is  to  buy  direct,  and  at  prime  cost.  P STYLE=superscript  house  then  began  to  fill  ) STYLE=superscript  ;  the  captain  called  for  the  life-boat  The  justice  and  the  wisdom  of  the  change  must,  to  be  got  in  order  •  there  were  fourt  een  men  an  d  a  b  oy  on  consequently,  be  obvious  to  all.  board,  also  the  wife  and  sister-in-l  aw  o  f  t  h  e  capta  i  n  ;  I  With  re  came  on  deck,  and  just  th  en  a  sea  struc  k  the  vessel,  and  she  gard  to  American  Cottons  we  also  believe  rent  a  little  in  the  side,  and  the  water  poured  in  ;  she  began  that  French  consumers  will  be  very  materially  to  sink  ;  a  flag  j  avas  hoisted  on  the  wizen  pea  k  as  a  signal  benefited  by  being  allowed  the  option  of  purchas purchastolien  tolien purchastolien  m  of  distress,  for  us,  and  I  saw  a  and  the  ma  mate  hel  dup  alight;  g  steamerhaon  t  ithg:wtarawolff  .  trawler  N  t  vas  ing  in  the  English  market,  as  well  as  in  that  of  captain  ordered  the  life  bo  a  t  t  o  b  e  p  u  t  ou  t  ,  and  immediately  America.  America.  The  range  of  prices  with  us  being  often  some  of  the  men  jumped  into  her,  when  she  overset,  and  an  more  in  favour  of  buyers  than  it  is  even  in  Ameri  ca  hoisted  out  thinke  drowned;  the  mate  and  I,  an  d  a  young  man,  only  other  boat  we  had,  and  got  into  her;  itself.  Our  largest  importations  are  generally  made  the  second  mate  jumped  in,  and  she  also  upset;  the  second  when  the  prices  of  cotton  and  freights  are  low,  and  mate  and  I  got  hold  of  her  keel;  she  tumbled  over  several  when  we  get  into  large  stocks,  both  pri  ces  an  d  times;  the  second  mate  kept  a  hold  of  h  eg  f  or  h  a  lf  an  h  our,  and  then  dropped  off  ;  there  was  a  very  A%  vy  sea  •  I  kept  freights  in  America  often  rise,  without  pr  o  d  uc  i  ng  my  hold  of  the  boat,  and  was  about  a  mile  from  the'  sinking  any  advance  in  prices  with  us.  But  under  the  late  vessel  when  she  went  down  ;  from  the  time  I  got  out  of  law  prohibiting  the  consumption  of  cotton  imported  from  m  ve  t  as  hr  e  e  l  e  u  to  nt  f  i  o  l  ur  l  _Nv  ou  as  rs  picked  up  by  the  sm  ac  k'  s  b  oa  t,  was  h  .  into  France  from  this  country,  the  French  con-  Captain  Thomas  Dearl  examined—l  am  captain  of  the  Burners  were  shut  out  from  a  participation  in  the  Prince  steamer;  we  discovered  the  Eva  in  distress  about  nine  the  was  then  on  her  o'clockway  on  Wednesday  .  morning;  .  Prince  commercial  advantages  here  shown.  That  the  from  Liverpool  to  Dublin;  we  instantly  bore  down  for  benefit  alluded  to  will  be  quickly  and  highly  appre-  her  •  she  was  about  18  mil  es  wes  t  b  y  nort  h  o  f  t  h  e  Ba  i  ley  elated  in  France  is  quite  certain,  and  the  effect  it  light;  just  after  bearing  away  I  observed  the  smack  pretty  will  have  on  our  market  will  both  be  immediate  close  under  her  lee;  in  exactly  five  minutes  after  we  bore  away  for  her  she  sank  ;  she  was  then  about  three  miles  from  and  continuous.  France  is  capable  of  consuming  us,  and  in  ten  minutes  we  ran  down  to  the  spot;  I  saw  three  quite  as  much  cotton  as  we  can,  and  that  she  is  persons  on  a  spar,  and  immediately  stopped  the  engine  ;  about  to  make  an  effort  to  supply  the  wants  of  her  life  f  tile  we  had  been  running  towards  the  distressed  vessel  our  boat  had  been  getting  ready,  also  life  buoys  and  cork  people.is  very  evident  ;  but  we  do  not  apprehend  jackets;  after  stopping  the  engines  we  lowered  a  life  boat  any  injury  to  our  trade  from  this  source.  from  its  usual  place  abaft  the  paddles;  the  steamer  unfor-  The  manufacturing  wants  of  Fran  ce  a  re  very  tunately  rolled  and  dashed  a  ga  i  ns  t  th  e  b  oat,  i  n  cense censequence  quence censequence  of  which  the  wo  o  d  en  en  d  s  parte  d  f  rom  the  stern  posts;  them,  and  they  have  not  been  supplied  to  one-  there  were  three  men  in  the  b  o  at  a  t  th  e  t  i  me  ;  two  of  tenth  of  their  real  extent;  and,  therefore,  supply-  alarmed  by  her  being  stove  in,  got  back  into  the  steamer  ing  the  raw  material  required  to  produce  the  by  the  tackle  falls,  and  she  broke  adrift  with  the  other  remaining  nine-tenths,  will  do  our  manufacturers  man  ;  I  then  had  st  e  am  p  u  t  on,  to  get  the  steamer's  head  round,  in  order  to  l  o  w  er  another  boat  to  leeward,  for  it  would  no  possible  harm.  At  present  she  can  buy  cotton  have  been  dangerous  to  attempt  to  lower  it  from  the  wind windin  in windin  the  markets  of  the  world  with  the  exception  of  ward  side  ;  this  occupi  e  d  us  a  b  out  a  quarter  of  an  hour  ;  England,  and  if  she  had  been  really  able  t  o  c  o  m  as  this  other  boat  was  b  e  i  ng  l  owere  d  a  sea  struck  her  and  carried  her  stern  away,  and  also  took  one  of  the  stern  pete  to  any  prejudicial  extent  with  this  country,  rings,  to  which  one  o  f  th  e  tac  kl  e  falls  was  attached,  we  should  have  felt  it  many  years  ago.  Th  e  preandsliewas  t  the  lost;  two  men  who  had  been  lowered  with  sent  change  will,  therefore,  tend  simply  to  i  m  p  ar  t  ._her  got  backeanother  large  steamer  boat,  i  b STYLE=superscript  dent  y  en  the  d  fotacklreasai  ;  v  w  n  e  could  ldh  have  ,  J  ,svredship's  greater  activity  to  our  cotton  trade  at  h  ome  ,  which(  .4ompany,  in  five  mi  nu  t  es  ,  or  a  g  i  g,  b  ut  the  men  savingto  will  lead,  ir(its  turn,  to  more  comprehensive  op  the  smack  had  been  so  smart  with  their  boat  in  the  mean  time  that  all  who  could  b  e  save  d  were  rescued  ,  the  steamer',  rations  abrf  4.  ,  ,  —,,,.  to  NinaTrarci  of  Ulu  w  teuk,  farm  Toe  smack  to  leeward;  In  rndi  ‘-otton  the  French  will  probably  do  ;and  there  was  a  very  bad  sea  running;  the  steamer  rolled  so  much  that  I  could  not  go  too  near  for  fear  of  dest  ro  ying  th  e  the  largest  atide  ;  and  the  fact  of  ad  m  itti  ng  diet.  11  , STYLE=superscript  )eople  who  were  floating;  we  remained  the  r  e  f  rom  a  b  ou  t  a  direct  from  the  British  possessions  at  home  is  a  n  ,i  i  iparter  past  nine  until  ten  minutes  past  eleven  •  after  we  act,  which  ought  not,  in  common  justice  to  both  '  saw  that  the  smack  had  d  one  every  thi  ng,  we  picked  up  our  countries,  to  have  been  so  long  delayed.  Coming  b  b  o  lat  ,  a  with  the  man  in  it,  whi  c  h  h  a  d  gone  a  d  r  if  t,  an  d  then  as  it  does,  however,  even  at  this  late  period  of  ti  me,  A  Ju  w STYLE=superscript  r  a STYLE=superscript  o  y STYLE=superscript  r  . STYLE=superscript  :  How  was  it  that  •  the  smack's  bo  a  t  lived  in  the  we  are  bound  to  hail  it  as  another  pledge  of  sea?  NAPOLEON'S  good  faith  towards  England  Such  Witness:  Our  boats  would  have  lived  very  well  if  we  acts  carry  with  them  the  prestige  of  still  ,b  e  tt  er  could  have  got  them  cle  ar  o  f  th  e  steamer,  but  it  is  very  difficult  to  get  them  clea  r  w  h  en  a  h  eavy  sea  is  is  running,  and  and  greater  things.  France  is  no  longer  to  be  tied  the  difficulty  partly  arises  from  the  overhanging  side  of  the  down  by  the  laws  of  a  long  protracted  military  steamer;  ais  nmg.we  cannot  keep  a  boat  a  l  ongs  id  e  w  h  en  a  h  eavy  usurpation.  The  monarch  who  hopes  to  hold  his  A  Juror  :  Did  any  of  your  men  refuse  to  go  in  the  boats  ?  sceptre,  must  let  in  the  light  of  sound  civil  Witness  :  None  of  them  refused  to  go,  but  they  came  out  government  ;  and  must  employ  his  time  in  of  oho  Dunne  the  boats  whene  in  iam  master  ex  th  a  e  m  irown  lveswermeaesndr  of  the  trawler  angered  releasing  industry  from  the  galling  yoke  With  which  Emerald  Isle  ;  we  left  Dublin  to  fish  on  Tuesday  morning  ;  the  legislation  of  military  ambition  invariably  we  were  three  men  and  a  boy  on  board;  about  seven  o'clock  surrounds  the  social  system,  of  the  state.  In  yesterday  morning  we  saw  the  wreck  ;  her  flag  was  flying  at  her  'man  peak  whits  signified  distress,  or  it  might  indicate  P  erpetuating  the  military  usurpation.of  sovereign  that  she  wanted  a  pilot;  we  hauled  up  our  nets  and  made  power  in  France,  NAPOLEON'S  abilities,  , STYLE=superscript  were  barely  towards  her,  we  were  about  forty  fathoms  from  her  as  near  questioned.  But  great  doubts  were  entertained  as  I  can  guess  when  she  went  down  ;  s  h  e  a  pp  eare  d  t  o  b  rea  k  in  two  amidships  and  sank  bodily,  her  head  and  stern  dis disby  by disby  many  of  his  most  ardent  admirers,  as  to  his  appearing  last;  it  was  then  about  half-past  nine  o'clock,  and  capacity  and  aptitude  for  civil  governthent.  France  we  had  been  two  hours  going  up  to  her;  there  was  a  heavy  sea  had  long  needed  repose  from  kingly  perfidy  and  running;  w  e  ho  v  e  t  o  am  id  s  t  severa  l  peop  l  e  w  h  o  were  i  n  the  water  and  got  our  little  boat  out  ;  W  i  ll  iam  C  arro  ll  an  d  P  eter  C  ollins,  political  contention,  when  Louis  NAPOLEON  _  as-  both  of  Ringsend,  were  the  men  who  got  into  it  ;  they  saved  sumed  the  direction  of  her  destinies.  And  that  all  they  could,  while  I  and  my  son,  a  boy,  made  sail  on  the  k  and  saved  one  •  the  boat  picked'  u  repose  he  has  not  only  given  to  her  .up  to  the  sin STYLE=superscript  ,  P  five;  two  men  go  down;  I  saw  two  women  on  a  raft,  but  they  present  hour,  but  we  find  him,  -day  by  day,  wiping  appeared  to  be  dead  ;  I  sailed  by  the  steamer  and  called  to  away  from  the  statute-book  of  France,  those  blind  the  captain  who  was  standing  on  the  paddle-box,  to  lower  acts  of  reprisals  which  were  conceived  'in  a  wild  the  boat  that  was  hanging  fr  o  m  th  e  s  t  ar  b  oar  d  tackles  but  he  did  not  seem  to  h  ear  me  '  ;  the  steamer  had  spirit  of  military  domination,  and  which  rendered  come  up  when  we  were  lowering  our  boat  ;  I  saw  social  progress  and  political  tranquillity  perfectly  a  boat  in  the  water  before  speaking  to  the  steamer;  the  boat  incompatible.  .  I  desired  the  captain  t  o  l  ower  was  suspen  d  e  d  f  rom  the  star star,  , star,  .  .  board  tackle,  and  if  it  had  been  lowered  I  think  more  lives  To  discover  the  real  source  of  the  great  disturb-  would  have  been  saved  ;  the  steamer's  life  boats  were  not  ing  causes  in  society,  is  a  work,  of  no  mean  ebarac-  lowered  at  all  ;  they  to  be  alarmed  on  the  deck  of  ter,  and  to  strike  an  effectual  blowat  their  existence  requires  great  penetration  and  coolness,  and  in  the  Free  Trade  measures  adopted  by  France  both  the  Emperor  and  his  government,  appear  to  have  dis discovered  covered discovered  the  main  causes  of  those  fearful  convul convulsions  sions convulsions  which  have  taken  place  in  that  country  within  the  last  century.  And  if  NAPOLEON  would  now  turn  his  attention  to  the  oppressive  duty  on  linens  which  enter  so  largely  -into  the  manufac manufactures  tures manufactures  of,  and  give  such  general  remunerative  emploYment  in,  France,  he  would  bestow  still  greater  advantages  on  the  two  countries..  The  duty  now  _  paid  on  linens  imported  into  French  ports  is  in  many  instances  fifty,per  cent.,  which  fails  to  check  the  importation,  while  it  adds  an  excessive  amount  to  the  cost  of  those  French  the  steamer;  I  was  on  the  weather  side  of  the  steamer  ;  there  were,  persons  floating  in  the  water  a-head  of  her  ;  after  five  men  had  been  picked  up  we  ran  under  the  stern  of  the  steamer  and  saw  a  sunken  boat  attached  to  leer;  we  looked  about  . STYLE=superscript  to  see_if  we  could  save  any  more  ;  we  saw  another  man  on  a  sunken  boat  and  saved  him;  he  was  the  steward;  the  deceased  was  barely  alive  when  he  was  got  on  board  ;  it  was  then  about  eleven  o'clock  :  we  made  for  the  land  and  arrived  at  Ringsend  about  half-past  four  the  same  after afternoon  noon afternoon  ;.  the  man  clinging  to  the  boat  was  a  long  way  to  windward  of  us,  and  we  had  to  work  to  windward  in  order  to  reach  him  ;We  were  about  an  hour  and  a-half  picking  up  the  others.  William  Carroll  examined  :  I  did  not  see  the  steamer  lower  any  boat;  when  the  smack  hove  to  I  threw  a  sound sounding  ing sounding  line  to  two  men  who  were  on  a  spar  ;  they  caught  it  but  the  line  broke  i  the  smack's  boat  was  then  got  oat,  and  Collins  and  I  got  into  it;  the  two  men  on  the  spar  were  the  first  we  picked  ;  men  we  saved  were  to  leeward  of  the  steamer  ;  I  did  not  see  the  steamer  rolling  ;  I  was  sur surprised  prised surprised  to  see  her  so  steady.  productions  it  which  linens  are  largely  employed.  On  this  important  subject  of  commercial  reform  in  ,France  much  yet  remains  to  be.  studied,  and  we  feel  assured  that  the  head  that  has  done  so  much,,  will  continue  the  good  work  until  the  French  are  placed  in  a  commercial  position  which  shall  render  their  exquisite  skill  and  industry  of  solid  practical  advantage  to  mankinl  .  generally.  The  screw-steamer  Collaroy,  bound  to  Australia,  was  towed  into  Beaumaris  bay  yesterday  morning,  in  a  disabled  condition.  Mr.  William,  TomlinsOu  examined  :  I  am  a  surgeon  ;  I  live  at  181  Great  Brunswick-street;  I  saw  the  deceased  man  yesterday  evening  on  beard  the  smack;  he  then  appeared  to  have  been  dead  about  two  hours.  Collins,  the  other  man  who  went  in  the  smack's  boat,  was  then  called  forward.  The  coronet  said  it  appeared  that  the  survivors  had  been  taken  out  of  the  water  through  the  very  meritorious  conduct  of  the  men  in  the  fishing  smack,  who  had  behaved  in  a  most  creditable  manner;  and  the  only  question  remaining  f  or  th  e  jury  to  examine  was,  whether  the  steamer  had  rendered  all  the  assistance  in  her  power.  Collins  said,  when  we  got  into  the.smack's  boat  I  observed  the  steamer  lying  dead  stall;  and  I  neither  saw  her  people  heave  a  rope  to  persons  that  were  in  the  water  close  under  them  nor  lower  a  boat  at  all.  Coroner  :  Is  it  your  opinion  that  they  did  not  make  all  the  exertions  that  they  might  have  done  ?  Witness  lam  confident  that  they  did  not.  Mr.  George  Brandon  examined  :  The  evidence  of  this  gentleman  went  to  show  that  the  captain  'and  crew  of  th  e  Prince  had  done  all  they  were  capable  of  doing  to  rescue  the  drowning  crew.  The  jury  were  then  left  to  themselves,  and  after  delibera deliberating  ting deliberating  for  about  a  quarter  of  an  hour,  found  the  folloaiug  verdict  We  find  that  John  Carmichael  came  by  his  death  through  the  ship  Eva,  of  which  he  was  engineer,  foundering  in  the  channel  on  the  night  of  the  28th  inst.  ;  and  the  jury  cannot  separate  without  b  r  i  ng  i  ng  un  d  er  t  h  e  notice  of  the  public  and  the  authorities,  the  gallant  and  humane  conduct  of  John  Dunne,  'William  Carroll,  Peter  Collins,  and  Edward  Dunne,  the  crew  of  the  trawler  Emerald  Isle,  who,  by  their  great  exertions,  and  at  the  very  great  risk  of  their  own  lives,  succeeded  in  saving  six  persons  from  the  sunken  vessel.  RAILWAY  ACClDMT.—Yesterday,  the  train  leaving  Lon London  don London  at  seven  o'clock  in  the  morning,  was  delayed  at  one  of  the  stations  on  the  line,  for  upwards  of  an  hour  and  a  half,  in  consequence  of  some  slight  accident.  Dn.  Bownnvo.—We  believe  it  is  now  settled  that'Dr.  Bowring  is  appointed  gdvernor  of  Hong  Kong,  and  chief  superintendent  of  British  trade  in  China.  Tae  WKECit  ON  CARLINGFORD  Ban.—On  Tuesday  the  wreck  of  the  schooner  Bohemian  Girl,  Hine,  master,  from  Smyrna,  stranded  on  our  bar  during  the  night  of  the  19th  instant,  was  got  off,  and  brought  up  to  Warrenpoint.  '  THE  WEATHER.—OHANNEL  TRANSIT.—III  consequence  or  the  storms  which  hare  prevailed  during  the  Week,  the  com communication  munication communication  with  Ireland  has  been  very  much  interrupted.  Yesterday  morning,  and  from  an  early  hour  on  the  previous  night,  the  wind  was  felt  in  Liverpool,  a  thaw  was  the  result,  but  as  the  day  advanced  the  wind  fell,  and  the  frost  again  succeeded  )  and  still  continues  very  hard.  But  the  high  winds  give  manifest  evidence  of  having  entirely  subsided.  ia!?If!:,"
