text
"and  now;  owing  to  the  resolutions  of  the  society,  no  men  would  be  found  to  take  the  places  of  these  men  who  hid  been  thus  dismissed,  which  would  be  the  salvation  of  the  lives  and  properties  of  hundreds,  by  rendering  it  necessary  that  every  ship  should  be  properly  finished.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers).  There  were  shipbuilders  who  told  them,  when  they  went  to  solicit  and  to  buy  a  coffin  for  a  deceased  man,  go  to  your  association.  This  showed  the  necessity  for  an  association  of  the  kind.  They  were  wanted  to  strike—it  was  the  masters  who  wanted  them  to  do  so.  (Hear,  hear).  Their  society  was  never  formed  for  a  strike.  (Cheers).  Mr.  MEAGHER  and  Mr.  FISHER  supported  the  resolution,  the  former  commenting  strongly  upon  the  conduct  of  the  ship shipbuilders,  builders, shipbuilders,  and  the  latter  declaring  that  they  might  as  well  attempt  to  turn  back  the  tide  of  the  Mersey  in  twenty-fonr  hours  as  to  stop  that  society  in  three  weeks,  and  saying  that  the  calumnies  against  them  had  been  uttered.by  persons,  some  of  whom  were  worse  than  ever  had  graced  the  Newgate  calendar.  (Cheers.)  The  CHAIRMAN  then  put  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  amid  loud  applause.  Ths  Chairman  said  that  their  business  was  now  concluded,  and,  they  would  hear  any  gentleman  who  wished  to  contradict  any  statement  which  had  been  made.  They  would  give  him  the  opportunity  which  had  been  denied  to  them  at  the  meeting  upon  last  Wednesday.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  Jon&amp;  WILSON  GREENE  then  came  upon  the  platform,  and  proceeded,  after  some  interruption  had  subsided,  to  address  the  meeting.  He  said  :  Mr.  Chairman  and  gentlemen,  would  not  have  attended  this  meeting  had  I  not  been  requested  by  a  very  agreeable  note  from  the  Secretary  of  this  association,  and  I  was  desired  in  consequence  of  it,  to  attend  upon  behalf  of  teh  Shipbuilder's  Association.  I  will  first,  before  going  into  the  general  subject,  make  an  illusion  in  reference  to  the  remark  made  of  me  in  respect  to  first  standing  by  the  men  and  then  deserting  them.  I  mention  it  now  because  it  is  perhaps  better  than  to  pass  it  over  until  a  later  period.  I  did  some  twelve  months  back  employ  strangers  in  preference  to  Liverpool  men,  and  I  will  acquaint  you  how  that  preference  originated.  At  the  time  I  had  two  ships  in  dock-bolt  requiring  to  be  finished  by  a  ceatain  period  of  time,  but  in  consequence  of  the  scarcity  of  men,  or  from  the  circumstance  of  their  keeping  out  of  the  way,  I  could  not  get  the  work  done.  In  addition  to  that  a  few  men  whom  I  had  employed  in  one  ship  were  so  idle,  and  so  frequently  absented  themselves  from  work  altogether,  still  de demanding  manding demanding  payment,  that  before  the  ship  was  half  finished,  she  cost  more  money  in  wages,  than  a  ship  of  her  size  ought  to  have  cost  when.  finished.  The  consequence  was,  I  frequently  mentioned  to  the  men  how  indignant  I  was  at  the  course  they  pursued,  not  only  to  me  but  to  others,  but  more  particularly  I  allude  to  myself.  I  have  been  as  long  amongst  them  as  almost  any  man  in  the  town,  and  no  man  had  a  higher  opinion  a  year  ago  of  the  Liverpool  shipwrights  than  I  entertained,  and  with  regard  to  associations  there  is  no  man  to  whom  I  would  yield,  or  who  has  a  higher  opinion  of  any  association.  club,  or  combination  of  men,  whose  exer exertions  tions exertions  are  combined  for  their  own  benefit,  without  prejudice  to  the  community.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  But  if  the  combination  embodies  itself  in  a  club  of  which  the  majority  will  not  allow  the  others  to  work  when  they  are  inclined  to  work,  then  the  consequence  is  that  business  is  slackened,  and  I  will  yield  to  no  man  in  saying  that  I  will  not  allow  busi business  ness business  to  stop.  I  did,  therefore,  employ  strangers  to  do  the  work.  It  has  been  said  that  I  went  to  the  officers  of  this  association,  and  besought  them  to  come  and  work  for  me.  I  replied  when  that  was  said  and  I  now  reply  I  did  not.  But  upon  the  occasion  of  my  going  to  the  regu regulating  lating regulating  office  for  a  ship  which  required  a  great  number  of  men,  the  secretary  met  me  and  asked  me  what  I  was  going  do,  as  the  strangers  whom  I  employed  had  been  offered  an  advance  of  wages  and  had  gone  away.  I  said  to  give  up  the  business  if  I  could  not  get  men.  You  need  not  do  said  he,  we  will  go  with  said  I,  to  the  I  never  was  an  enemy  to  the  men.  I  did  no  join  the  ship  owner's  asociation  until  last  year,  and  I  was  led  to  so,  as  otherwise  it  would  have  been  almost  impossible  that  I  could  exercise  my  busi business  ness business  on  account  of  the  reprehensible  conduct  of  the  men.  (Hear,  hear.)  Idleness  was  the  masterpicee  and  he  who  was  most  idle  was  the  best  man.  I  mention  this  in  the  face  of  this  association.  I  then  joined  the  shipbuilders,  society.  The  shipbnilders  wished  me  to  take  a  leading  part,  and  1  did  so.  There  was  no  intention  upon  the  part  of  that  body  to  endeavour  to  destroy  this  association,  as  a  benefit  society,  but  merely  as  regarded  the  monopoly  which  it  exercises  over  its  members,  and  which  is  injurious  to  the  port,  and  even  to  the  men  connected  with  the  society.  If  there  be  a  sufficient  number  of  men  in  your  club  to  do  the  business  of  the  port,  let  them  do  it,  and  1  would  be  the  last  man  in  the  world  to  oppose  them.  (Loud  cheers.)  I  would  support  them  rather.  But  if  I  am  employed  to  do  work,  and  if  I  have  on  my  list  50  or  60  men,  and  only  find  ten  or  a  dozen  about  the  ship,  that  will,  of  course,  set  me  against  those  men,  and  induce  me  to  employ  strangers.  Now,  it  is  a  fact,  that  during  the  last  twelvemonths,  lam  almost  certain  there  have  been  as  many  men  in  public-houses  in  the  day  as  were  to  be  found  alongside  the  ship—men  whom  I  employed,  and  demanded  their  pay.  (No,  no.)  I  can  say,  and  I  believe  I  may  speak  for  the  association,  that  if  you  will  make  restrictions,  by  which  men  will  be  prevented  from  going  from  one  mate  to  another,  and  compel  them  to  attend  to  their  work  when  the  bell  rings,  I,  for  one,  will  give  the  higher  wages.  (Cheers.)  Bs.  is  better  for  me  than  75.,  if  the  men  would  consent  to  do  that.  (Cheers.)  I  am  far  frombeing  opposed  to  this  association,  my  dis disposition  position disposition  is  more  for  good  order  than  anything,  but  all  the  powers  upon  earth  should  not  make  me  go  away  from  what  I  felt  was  right  and  what  my  common  sense  approved  of.  The  associa association  tion association  will  not  admit  strangers.  1  have  as  much  respect  for  strangers  as  they  have;  but  if  there  are  not  men  enough  in  the  club  to  carry  on  the  work  of  this  great  town,  we  must  get  them  to  do  it.  If  there  are  men  enough  here  no  one  in  Liverpool  would  feel  more  proud  of  it  than  I  would  ;  but  if  a  monopo monopolizing  lizing monopolizing  club  like  this—for  I  cannot  resist  using  the  expression— expressionwill  will expressionwill  not  employ  strangers,  and  will  not  give  me  men  to  do  the  work,  what  then  am  Itodo  ?  You  were  told  that  after  em employing  ploying employing  Liverpool  men  I  left  them  and  employed  strangers  again.  Now  I  will  explain  that,  if  it  deserves  explanation.  Very  recently  a  ship  of  mine,  which  is  now  again  in  dock,  was  docked  by  Liverpool  men,  and  when  I  wanted  40  or  50  men  I  could  not  obtain  more  than  8,  and  next  morning  I  could  not  find  one.  I  have  no  doubt  that  the  men  were  there.  Then  because  I  got  strangers  to  do  the  work  and  could  not  get  Liverpool  men  I  took  them.  If  the  club  has  sufficient  men  to  do  the  work,  how  is  it  that  every  ship  in  port  wants  men?  There  are  ships  in  the  docks  of  Liverpoal  which  have  4  or  6  men  where  they  should  have  40  or  60.  If  there  are  sufficient  men,  how  is  it  that  they  do  not  show  themselves  ?  Why  is  it  that  they  are  to  be  found  in  the  streets  and  not  in  the  docks  ?  Is  it  not  to  keep  up  wages?  (Loud  cries  of  I  am  very  glad  to  hear  that  answer.  Bring  your  men  to  the  docks,  and  I  care  not  what  your  wages  are.  Mr.  Green  told  the  meeting  that  he  felt  sure  he  spoke  the  sentiments  of  the  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  ship-builders  when  he  declared  that  he  had  no  desire  to  employ  strangers.  And  having  concluded  his  statement,  left  the  platform.  The  CHAIRMAN,  Mr.  Neill,  Mr.  Hughes,  and  Mr.  Hansen  briefly  addressed  the  meeting  in  reply  to  Mr.  Green,  contend contending  ing contending  that  there  was  not  the  demand  for  labour  which  the  ship shipbuilders  builders shipbuilders  pretended,  expressing  a  doubt)  whether  Mr.  Green  represented  the  feelings  of  the  general  body,  and  declaring  a  wish  that  all  bickering  and  bad  feeling  should  be  avoided.  Thanks  were  then  voted  to  the  Chairman,  and  the  meeting  separated.  DEATH  BY  DROWNING:—James  Shaw,  master  of  the  flat  Egerton,  was  .going  on  board  his  vessel  in  the  Bramley  Moore  dock,  for  the  purpose  of  moving  her  to  the  other  side  of  the  dock  gate,  assisted  by  Edward  Walker.  There  ladder  resting  on  the  deck  of  the  flat,  which  Shaw  laid  down  to  get  on  board  ;  the  flat  was  about  ten  feet  from  the  edge  of  the  Quay,  and  almost  directly  after  Shaw  got  on  the  ladder  it  canted  and  he  fell  down  between  the  flat  and  the  wall.  Walker  jumped  down  at  .once,  with  a  boat-hook,  but  deceased  did  not  rise  again,  and  it  was  half-an-hour  before  his  body  was  found.  An  inquest  was  held  yesterday,  and  a  verdict  of  ac accidental  cidental accidental  aeatn  returne  d.  •  DEATH  FROM  EXPOSURE  TO  COLD.—Last  Monday  afternoon,  as  Police  Constable  Thomas  Smith  was  on  duty  at  the  Seacombe  slip,  he  received  informa information,  tion, information,  that  the  dead  body  of  a  female  had  just  been  brought  in  a  boat.  He  went  down  to  the  boat,  and  had  the  body  removed  to  the  dead-house.  Ho  was  told  that  it  was  brought  from  the  ship  Guid Guiding  ing Guiding  Star,  in  the  river,  outward  bound.  Mr.  George  Kemp,  surgeon,  afterwards  made  a  post  mortem  examination  of  the  body,  and  found  the  cause.  of  death  to  'have  been  congestion  of  the  lungs,  most  propably  brought  on  by  exposure  to  cold  and  want  of  suitable  clothing.  An  inquest  was  held  yesterday,  and  a  verdict  of  death  from  natural  causes  returned.  THE  FATAL  ACCIDENT  DURING  THE  FIRE  OF  YES YESTERDAY  TERDAY YESTERDAY  MORNING—An  inquest  was  held  yesterday,  touching  the  death  of  John  Willa,n,  a  Fire  Police  Officer,  which  occurred  during  the  fire  on  board  the  steam-tug  Dreadnought,  in  the  King's  Dock,  the  same  morning.  John  Kilsey,  Police  Inspec Inspector,  tor, Inspector,  deposed  that  he  was  assisting  at  the  fire  at  the  King's  Pier  Head,  when  the  deceased  came  up.  An  engine  was  playing  on  the  flames,  when  a  fireman  on  board  passed  the  word  along  for  more  hose.  The  man  unscrewed  the  hose  from  the  engine,  and  after  attaching  another  length,  was  passing  along  the  hose.  The  deceased  still  had  the  rope  in  his  hand,  as  the  word  was  given  there  is  Ind  they  were  taking  a  round  turn,  as  firemen  do,  to  prevent  the  hose  bursting  ;  his  back  was  to  the  water,  and  he  was  very  near  the  edge  of  the  Quay;  a  person  sang  out  to  him,  Mind  ynu  don't  fall  and  as  he  spoke,  the  unfortunate  man  fell  over  the  edge  of  the  pier  into  the  river.  A  zope  was  immediately  thrown,  but  he  did  not  seem  to  have  power  to  take  hold  of  it.  When  the  grap grapples  ples grapples  were  got  it  was  25  minutes  before  he  could  be  got  out.  He  was  then  dead.  A  verdict  of  accidentally  drowned  was  returned.  The  jury  made  a  presentment  to  the  effect  that  there  was  not  sufficient  lamp  lights  along  the  King's  Pier,  to  protect  life,  and  that  there  was  no  life  buoys  at  the  Custom  House  hut,  King's  Parade."
