text
"PUBLICANS  AND  BEER-SELLERS  The  following  publicans  and  beer  -sellers  cases  were  dis disposed  posed disposed  of  :--  PUBLICANS  Mary  Smith,  Mary-lane,  for  selling  drink•  at  half-past  twelve  on  Sunday  morning  last,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  John  Morris,  Kay-street,  the  same  offence,  on  Sunday  morning  last,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  Owen,  Evans,  Union-street,  appeared  to  reply  to  an  in information  formation information  laid  against  him  by  of4oer  08,  charging  him  with  selling  drink  on  Sunday  morning  last.  Mr.  Owen,  solicitor,  appeared  for  the  defendant,  and  crossex-amined  the  officer,  on  the  evidence  given  :  I  visited  his  house  two  or  three  times  this,  last  four  months,  it  is  not  my  beat,  and  I  have  visited  the  house  on  suspicion  before,  because  I  saw  people  coming  in  and  out  previous,  they  keep  lodgers,  seamen  lodgers.  Some  of  the  glasses  contained  more  than  a  teaspoonfull  of  ale.  I  believe  on  an  average  there  was  more  than  a  teaspoonfull.  I  could  not  swear  it.  I  did  not  take  particular  notice.  Mr  Owen  next  called  defendant's  witness.  Edward  Jones  examined  by  Mr.  Owen  :  My  name  is  Edward  Jones  ;  I  am  a  messenger  4  Mr.  Evans's  public  house  ;  I  was  in  the  house  last  Sunday  morning  ;  I  know  the  men  that  were  in  the  house  when  the  officers  came  ;  I  was  there  when  the  officers  came  •  I  let  the  men  in;  I  let  them  out  ;  I  let  the  officers  in  ;  I  had  been  in  about  ten  minutes  before  the  officers  came  ;  I  never  saw  any  drink  drawn  while  I  was  there  ;  there  could  be  none  drawn  without  my  seeing  it.  Mr.  Owens  then  addressed  the  Bench  for  the  defendant,  who  was  fuel  20s.  and  costs.  The  following  beer-house  keepers,  were  also  fined  for  sel selling  ling selling  ale  on  Sunday  last  :  William  Moore,  Cable-street,  fined  2s.  6d.  and  costs  ;  Thomas  Mackay,  Eaton-street,  40s.  and  costs  ;  James  Tailor,  Vauxhall-road,  50s.  and  costs;  Myria  Winterscale,  Henry  Edward-street,  20s.  and  costs;  Miles  Dowde,  Edward-street,  Ss  and  costs;  Richard  Filbert,  Adlington Adlingtonstreet,  street, Adlingtonstreet,  £3  and  costs;  Catherine  White,  20s.  and  costs,  Edward  Roberts,  Vauxhall-road,  ss.  and  costs  ;  John  *Donald,  Hodson-street,  20s.  and  costs  ;  William  Hussey,  Gascoigne-Street,  ss.  and  costs  ;  John  Maley,  Fontenoy Fontenoystreet,  street, Fontenoystreet,  10s.  and  costs  ;  Joseph  Moore,  Bent-street,  £5  and  costs  ;  'Elizabeth  Evans,  Bedford-street,  Park,  10s.  and  costs  ;  Aim  Higgins,  Albion-street,  10s.  and  costs  ;  James  Foxley,  Cropper-street,  10s.stfna-costs  ;  Dolphin,  who  has  a  cook-slaop  in  Skelhorn-street,  for  selling  drink,-  and  has  no  license,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs;  Catherine  Marine,  for  a  similar  offence,  was  fined  20s.  and  costs.  MANCHESTER.  IMPUDENT  ROBBERY  OF  A  WATCH  AT  THE  THEATRE.--  At  thO  i  City  yolico  Court,  yesterday,  a  young  man  named  4ameS  *AS  _charged  with.  robbing  -Thomaa'Neild  of  a  patent  lever  silver  watch,  the  previous  night.  The  pro prosecutor  secutor prosecutor  Neild  stated  that  on  Thursday  night  ho  went  to  the  pit  door  of  the  Theatre  Royal  for  admission,  and  just  as  he  was  going  into  the  house,  ho  saw  the  prisoner  and  another  man  coming  up  the  passage,  and  observed  that  the  prisoner  had  a  wateh  in  his  hand.  Prosecutor  immediately  looked  at  hit  waistcoat  and  found  that  his  watch-guard  was  hanging  down,  and  his  watch  was  gone.  He  had  a  friend  with  him  upon  whom  he  called  to  stop  the  prisoner,  who  was  followed,  but  speedily,  got  away  from  them.  He  was  again  pursued,  however,  and  ultimately  captured.  When  the  pursuit  commenced,  the  watch  was  seen  in  his  hand,  but  when  apprehended  it  was  not  in  his  possession.  The  prisoner  who  has  been  in  prison  several  times  for  offences  similar  to  that  now  laid  against  him,  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the.  sessions  SAvat  ASSAULT  BY  STABBING.—'!fit&#34;  the  City  Police  Court  yesterday,  a  youth  named  George  Burke  was  charged  with  stabbing  a  carter.  It  appeared  that  the  carter  was  em employed  ployed employed  by  a  bailiff,  who  was  distraining  forrent  in  the  house  of  the  prisoner's  mother,  to  remove  the  goods.  The  prisoner,  who  is  a  butcher's  lad,  interfered  to  protect  his  mother,  and  said  that  if  they  dared  to  remove  anything  out  of  the  house,  be  would  rip  them  up  with  a  knife.  On  this,  the  carter  imme immediately  diately immediately  got  hold  of  him,  upon  which  the  prisoner  took  out  his  knife  and  made  a  thnrst  at  the  prosecutor.  The  carter  put  down  his  hand  to  protect  his  body,  upon  which  his  hand  was  caught  and  cut  severely.  The  prisoner's  defence  was,  that  the  knife  fell  out  of  the  sheath,  that  he  picked  it  up,  that  the  cartel  seized  him  by  the  hand,  and  that  he  was  accidentally  cut  as  he  was  pulling  it  through.—Committed  for  trial.  SEIZURE  OP  UNWHOLSOME  MEAT.—At  the  SAlford  Borough  Court,  yesterday,  before  Messrs.  Trafford,  Latigworthy,  Ash Ashton,  ton, Ashton,  and  Kay,  a  butcher  of  the  name  of  Lewis,  appeared  in  answer  to  a  complaint  preferred  against  him  of  having  in  his  possession  a  quantity  of  unsound  meat,  unfit  for  human  food.  The  town  clerk  (Mr.  Charles  Gibson),  appeared  in  support  of  the  complaint  ;  Mr.  Saunders;  barrister-at-law,  was  for  the  de defendant.  fendant. defendant.  The  complaint  against  the  defendant,  was  that  he  had  in  his  place  of  business,  in  Chapel-street,  two  quarters  of  bad  meat,  weighing  altogether  1491b5.  They  were  discovered  in  the  defendant's  shop  on  the  31st  of  October,  about  II  o'clock.  Inspector  Pickering,  being  of  opinion  that  the  meat  was  unfit  for  human  food,  seized  it,  brought  it  to  the  Town Townhall,  hall, Townhall,  where  it  was  examined  by  four  respectable  butchers,  and  then  by  the  magistrates,  who  ordered  it  to  be  burnt,  Inspector  Pickering  was  called,  and  stated  that  the  meat  it  question  was  unfit  for  human  food  by  four  butchers;  who  stated  that  it  the  direction  of  the  bench  it  was  destri  'he  meat  was  examined  unsound,  and  under  Messrs.  Dale.  sub-inspector  of  nuisances,  and  Spencer,  ansfield,  and  Williams,  butchers,  were  called  and  stated  that  e  meat  in  question  was  unsound,  and  unfit  for  human  food.  Mr.  Saunders  addressed  the  bench  on•  behalf  of  the  defen defennt,  nt, defennt,  contending  that  the  meat  in  question  was  not  unsound,  or  '  '  sto  heath.  The  learned  counsel  having  called  witnesses,  The  magistrates  were  of  opinion  that  the  offence  charged  had  been  proved,  and  fined  the  defendant  in  a  penalty  of  XIO  and  A  distress  warrant  having  been  applied  for,  it  was  immedi immediately  ately immediately  granted  by  the  magistrates,  and  the  defendant  was  ordered  to  be  detained  until  he  had  found  sufficient  sureties  for  th©  :)enalty  and  costs.  FAILURE  OF  A  BALLOON  ASCENT  FROM  MANCHESTER.  which.  excited  considerable  interest  came  on  for  hearing  in  the  Manchester  County  Court,  on  Thursdaylast,  before  It.  Brandt,  Esq.,  Judge  of  th  e  C  our  t.  The  plaintiff  was  Mrs.  Margaret  Graham,  the  famous  aeronaut,  and  the  defendant  was  Mr.  Beardsley,  proprietor  of  the  Pomona  Gardens,  Cornbrook,  Hulme.  Mr.  It.  B.  B.  Cobbett,  solici solicitor,  tor, solicitor,  was  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Saunders,  barrister  at  law,  for  the  defendant.  Mr.  Cobbett,  in  opening  the  case,  stated  that  Mrs.  Graham  had  been  making  a  tour  in  the  provinces,  and  paid  a  visit  to  Ireland.  While  there,  it  was  thought  convenient  that  she  should  make  two  or  three  ascents  on  her  way  home.  She  then  made  an  application  to  Mr.  Beardsley,  the  defendant,  with  whom  an  arrangement  was  come  to,  to  the  effect  that  if  she  made  one  ascent  from  the  Pomona  Gardens  she  was  to  have  given  to  her,  clea  r  o  f  a  ll  expenses,  th  e  sum  o  f  £  2O,  and  that  in  case  it  should  be  thought  desirable  to  have  a  second  '  ascent,  she  should,  upon  making  such  second  ascent,  have,  free  of  all  expenses,  a  further  sum  of  £l5.  Mrs.  Graham  was  to  provide  the  balloon.  Mr.  Beardsley  the  gas.  It  was  stated  that  the  lady  had  heard  that  in  Manchester,  they  made  gas  from  cannel  coal,  and  that  that  gas  was  not  sufficiently  light  to  give  au  ascending  power  to  the  balloon.  She  then  sent  over  from  Ireland,  for  the  purpose  of  testing  the  weight  of  gas,  a  small  pilot  balloon  to  Mr.  Beardsley,  at  the  Pomona-gardens.  Mrs.  Graham;  in  her  letter  to  Mr.  Beardsley,  in  which  the  pilot  balloon  was  enclosed,  stated  that  if  they  filled  that  balloon  with  the  gas,  and  found  that  the  linguini,  which  con contained  tained contained  fourteen  cubic  feet  of  gas,  could  lift  set  en  old  penny  pieces,  then  the  gas  would  be  of  sufficiently  light  a  quality  to  take  up  her  large  balloon,  and  that  that  kind  of  gas  would  inflate  it.  The  pilot  balloon  was  made  about  three  parts  full  of  this  gas,  and  then  it  raised  five  penny  pieces.  Mr.  R.  J.  Richardson,  superintendent  for  Mr.  Beardsley,  wrote  to  Mrs.  Graham,  to  say  that  the  pilot  balloon.  'would  lift  seven  penny  pieces,  with  the  gas  that  was  th  en  i  n  the  town,  and  which  was  the  same  gas  as  that  with  which  the  Pomona-gardens  were  supplied.  Upon  this,  the  great  bal balloon  loon balloon  was  sent  over,  and  on  the  16th  of  Sentember  ‘r  nArties  ciuY2v  a  .l  1 STYLE=superscript  -  r  -  v  flate  the  balloon  with  gas  supplied  from  the  Manchester  gas  works,  where  they  use  cannel  coal  in  making  the  gas.  It  was  found  after  a  large  quantity  of  gas  had  been  put  into  the  balloon,  at  about  12  o'clock  the  next  day,  that  it  was  not  more  than  half  filled,  and  that  it  wo  u  ld  not  inflate.  Then  they  sent  for  Mr.  Dale,  of  the  firm  of  Dale  and  R  o  b  er  t  s  ,  f  or  the  purpose  of  getting  a  quantity  of  hydrogen  gas,  which  is  very  much  lighter,  with  which  to  inflate  the  balloon.  Mr.  Dale  came,  and  after  making  some  hydrogen  gas,  it  was  eventually  found  that  the  balloon  would  not  inflate,  upon  which  Mr.  R.  J.  Richardson,  accompanied  by  Mrs.  Graham,  went  upon  a  platform  in  the  gardens,  and  addressed  - STYLE=superscript  the  multitude  then  assembled  to  witness  the  ascent.  He  ex explained  plained explained  the  circumstances  of  the  case,  and  stated  that  no,  person  should  suffer  any  loss  on  account  of  what  had  hap happened.  pened. happened.  His  speech  was  received  with  much  cheering.  The  gas  was  then  let  out  of  the  balloo  n  ,  an  d  i  n  or  d  er  to  facilitate  that  process,  some  person  in  the  employ  men  t  o  f  M  rs.  Gra Graham  ham Graham  cut  the  mriel  monster  with  a  knife.  A  fur further  ther further  attempt  it  appeared  was  made  to  get  in  from  the  Stretford  works  •  a  quantity  of  gas  made  from  another  description  of  coal,  and  especially  for  the  purpose.  They  commenced  inflating  the  balloon  on  the2lst  of  Septem September,  ber, September,  the  gas  being  poured  into  the  balloon  during  the  whole  of  the  night,  and  by  twelve  o'clock  the  next  day,  ten  thousand  '  cubic  feet  had  passed  the  meter,  But  the  gas  that  entered  the  bottom  appeared  to  occupy  a  space  not  much  larger  than  the  size  of  a  common  barrel.  The  balloon  then  lay  upon  the  ground,  almost  perfectly  flat,  and  having  little  or  no  gas  in  it.  Mrs.  Graham  thought  that  there  was  not  sufficient  power  to  throw  the  gas  into  the  balloon,  so  as  to  inflate  it,  because  the  meter  was  not  one  of  the  ordinary  kind,  having  a  weight  attached  to  force  it  out.  Eventually  it  appeared  that  Mrs.  Graham  said:she  had  an  engagement  at  Dukinfield,  (near  Ashton-under-line),  but  Mr.  Beardsley  would  not  give  his  sanction  to  her  taking  away  the  balloon,  and  stated  that  he  would  pay  all  expenses  and  indemnify  her  in  all  losses  rather  than  that  she  should  make  an  ascent  from  a  place  so  near  Manchester  as  Dukinfield,  Ultimately,  however,  Mrs.  Graham  went  to  the  garden  and  took  away  the  balloon  in  a  cart.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  £2O,  the  sum  agreed  to  be  paid  for  the  first  ascent,  and  £l5,  the  sum  agreed  to  be  paid  for  the  second  ascent,  Then  there  were  some  other  small  charges  which  he  (Mr.  Cobbett)  thought  would  not  be  objected  to  by  the  other  side,  such  as  cab  fares,  and  other  necessary  expenses.  There  was  also  a  sum  of  £2  55.,  the  value  of  some  grappling  irons  and  ballast  which  were  refused  to  be  given  up.  Mrs.  Graham  had  received  £lO  on  account,  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  the  difference  between  the  original  account  and  the  sum  paid,  Mrs.  Graham  was  called  and  examined  in  support  of  Mr.  Cobbett's  opening.  In  cross.examination  Mr,  Saunders  asked  the  lady  whether  the  balloon  had  not  been  broken  and  torn  very  much  at  Dub Dublin  lin Dublin  by  coming  in  contact  with  some  chimney  pots,  and,  she  admitted  that  such  was  the  case.  He  then  asked  her  how  that  happened,  and  she  said  that  a  Captain  Kennedy  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  her  upon  one  of  her  ascents,  and  that  he  bowed  to  the  lady  of  the  Lord  Lieutenant  who  was  in  the  gardens  below  them,  taking  off  his  hat  and  bending  his  body,  and  that  that  had  the  effect  of  bringing  down  the  balloon.  The  principal  ground  of  defence  was,  that  the  gas  supplied  was  of  sufficently  light  a  character  to  inflate  the  balloon,  and  n  ascending  power;  but,  that  the  balloon  could  not  e  gas  in  consequenoe  of  having  a  number  of  perfora perforations,  tions, perforations,  upon  which  patches  had  been  put,  but  through  which  the  gas  contrived  to  make  its  escape.  A  nu*  ber  of  witnesses  were  called  in  support  of  the  defen defendant's  dant's defendant's  case,  and  amongst  others  Mr  Beardsley  himself,  land  his  superintendent,  Mr.  R.  3.  Richardson.  give  it  retain  the  In  order  to  give  the  learned  judge  an  opportunity  of  examining  the  balloon,  the  inquiry  was  postponed  till  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  next.  MEETING  OF  MASTER.  SHIPWRIGHTS.--A  Meeting  of  the  Master  Shipwrights,  convened  by  circular,  was  held  in  the  Regulating  Office,  yesterday,  Mr.  Grayson  in  the  chair.  The  Secretary  stated  that  the  shipjoiners  had  made  a  demand  . STYLE=superscript  from  ss.  6d.  to  6s.  a  day,  which  had  been  given  by  some  masters,  the  result  of  which  was  that  the  men  in  the  employ  of  other  masters  had  struck.  A  discussion  followed,  in  which  it  was  stated  that  6s.  a  day  had  become  general,  and  it  was  re resolved  solved resolved  that  that  sum  should  be  recognized  by  the  association,  as  it  was  thought  useless,  in  the  present  state  of  the  labour  market,  to  offer  a  less  amount.  The  Seeretary  then  alluded  to  a  resolution  which  had  been  passed  by  the  association  cin  the  19th  of  October,  to  the  effect  that  no  carts  be  allowed  to  take,  men  to  heir•  work,  and  that  no  omnibus  money  be  allowed.  He  enumerated  various  instances  in  which  that  resolution  had  been  infringed.—This  led  to  a  long  discussion,  which  ended  in  Mr.  Jones  proposing  that  a  carriage  be  provided  'for  themen,  at  St.  James'  ohurch,halfan  hour  before  the  time  for  Starting  for  work,  to•.convey  them  to.  tho  North  Graving  docks:--This  pro proposition  position proposition  was  oppesed  by  several  .thembers,  particularly  by  Mr.  M'Elroy,  who  stated  that  in  three  or  four  instances  men  had  left  his  ships  and  gone  to  other  vessels  in  the  same  'dock.  where  they  could  obtain  a  higher  rate  of  wages.  .'Phis  'he  was  deter deter,minekl.  ,minekl. deter,minekl.  to  sullmit.te  no.  longeri  -  and  •  inc  future  - STYLE=superscript  tic'  would  give  very  highest  wages.—Mr.  Popo  moved  the  adjournment  of  the  meeting,  until  Monday  morning,  which  was  agreed  to  after  some  slight  opposition.  VISIT  OF  THE  BRITISH  ASSOCIATION  TO  LIVE  RPOOL.-MEETING  IN  THE  TOWN-HALL,  YESTERDAY.  Yesterday,  upwards  of  seventy  gentlemen,  specially  sum summoned  moned summoned  by  his  Worship  the  Mayor  met  in  the  Town-hall,  at  two  o'clock,  for  the  purpose  of  making  such  arrangements  as  would  ensure  a  suitable  reception  to  the  British  Associa Association,  tion, Association,  on  the  occasion  of  their  visit  to  this  town  in  the  ensuing  year.  The  MAYOR  (S.  H6lrne,  Esq.,)  presided.  Among  the  gentlemen  present  were—R.  V.  Yates,  T.  B.  Horsfall,  M.P.,  J.  P.  Homer,  John  Stewart,  George  Holt,  John  Grantham,  Hugh  Ilornby,  Dr.  Raffles,  Dr.  Inman,  Adam  Hodson,  Joseph  Pollock,  (Judge,  County  Court),  Thornley,  M.P.  ,  Wolverhampton,  E.  Arnaud,  Collector  of  Customs,  Rev.  Rector  Campbell,  John  Birch  Lloyd,  T.C.,  P.  A.  Tenney,  J.  A.  Picton,  Dr.  Dickinson,  Dr.  Thompson,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  The  CiIAIRSLIN,  in  opening  the  proceedings,  said  :  Gen Gentlemen,  tlemen, Gentlemen,  the  British  Association  having  accepted  the  invita invitation  tion invitation  which  has  been  sent  to  them,  to  hold  their  next  annual  session  in  this  town,  at  the  request  of  a  number  of  gentlemen,  issued  circulars  to  some  two  hundred  gentlemen  in  Liverpool,  requesting  them  to.  do  me  the  honour  of  being  present  this  day.  Amongst  others  whom  I  wrote  to  were  Lord  Stanley  and  Lord  Sefton.  Lord  Stanley  wrote  me  a  note  to  say  that  he  would  be  exceedingly  happy  to  be  pre present  sent present  to-day,  but  this  morning  I  received  from  him  a  com communication,  munication, communication,  apologizing  for  his  inability  to  attend.  The  chairman  then  read  letters  of  apology  from  Lord  Stanley,  Lord  Sefton,  Mr.  Henry  Booth,  Dr.  Musp  r  att,  an  d  M  r  .  J.  P.  G.  Smith,  expressive  of  their  concurrence  in  the  object  of  the  meeting,  but  stating  their  inability  to  attend  through  pressure  of  private  business.  The  chairman  then  proceeded:  The  object,  I  apprehend,  of  the  present  meeting  will  be  to  make  preparations  to  give  a  suitable  reception  to  the  British  Association  when  they  come  to  Liverpool,  by  the  formation  of  committees  for  that  purpose.  The  object  of  the  Associa Association  tion Association  itself  is  very  simply  set  forth  in  the  report  of  their  last  meeting.  The  Association  contemplates  no  interference  with  the  ground  occupied  by  other  associations.  Its  object  is  to  give  a  stronger  impulse,  a  more  systematic  direction  to  scien scientific  tific scientific  enquiry  to  promote  the  intercourse  of  those  who  culti cultivate  vate cultivate  science  in  different  parts  of  the  British  Empire  with  one  another,  and  with  foreign  philosophers—to  obtain  a  more  general  attention  to  the  objects  of  science,  and  to  remove  any  disadvantages  of  a  public  kind  which  impede  its  progress.  Looking  at  the  importance  of  Liverpool,  its  geographical  position,  and  the  means  which  it  possesses  of  providing  a  magnificent  edifice  for  such  an  assembly  as  will  doubtless  - STYLE=superscript  visit  us  at  the  forthcoming  union  of  science  and  art,  I  rejoice  that  they  will  be  blended  with  commerce,  and  I  think  that  it  augurs  well  for  our  having  assembled  in  Liverpool  so  brilliant  a  meeting.  It  will  not  be  the  least  gratifying  portion  of  the  visit  of  the  Association  to  Liverpool  that  it  will  be  presided  over  by  the  Earl  of  Harrowby,  the  present  President  of  the  association—(cheers)—one  whose  long  and  intimate  cornice cornicetion  tion cornicetion  and  association  with  Liverpool  needs  no  remark  from  me.  It  is  needless  now  to  speak  of  the  advantages  which  accrue  from  the  :scientific  intelligence  of  the  age  meet meeting  ing meeting  together  to  compare  mind  with  mind,  and  discovery  with  discovery.  Other  nations  are  running  the  race  with  us  in  navigation,  in  commerce,  and  in  manufactures.  To  keep  our  supremacy,  we  must  continue  to  lead  and  combine  the  science  of  mechanics  with  the  arts  in  every  step  we  take  —with  every  ship  we  build—with  every  locomotive  which  we  fabricate—with  every  blade  of  cutlery  which  we  manufac manufacture,  ture, manufacture,  and  with  every  web  of  cloth  which  we  weave,  it  is  re requisite  quisite requisite  that  we  should  pursue  scientific  investigation,  and  that  it  should  be  resolved  into  practical  results.  I  remember  a  lady,  the  wife  of  a  clergyman,  sometime  ago,  when  beauti beautiful  ful beautiful  scenery  was  pointed  out  to  her  'by  another,  said  I  much  admire  the  magnificence  of  yourimountains,  and  the  beauty  of  those  vales,  but  I  always  look  with  greater  pleasure  on  a  wheat  field,  because  you  and  I  having  large  families  have  our  attention  more  immediately  directed  to  the  subject  of  And  so  .  I  may  say  some  may  pursue  science  from  curiosity,  but  with  Great  Britain  science  must  be  combined  with  practical  results,  because  the  question  of  bread  to  our  population,  is  intimately  connected  with  it.  I  will  not  detain  you  by  further  obser observations  vations observations  of  mine,  because  there  are  gentlemen  present  who  are  prepared  with  resolutions  which  they  will  submit  for  your  acceptance,  and  you  will  probably  adopt  them,  or  others  to  the  same  effect,  for  the  purpose  of  providing  that  machinery  which  will  be  requisite  to  give  to  the  Association  when  it  comes  here,  the  suitable  advantages  which  it  requires;  and  I  have  no  doubt  that  it  will  be  in  such  a  way  as  will  do  credit  to  the  taste,  intelligence,  and  the  spirit  of  this  great  community.  (Applause.)  The  Rev.  Rector  CA3IPBELL  proposed  the  first  resolution,  which  was  to  the  effect  that  the  gentlemen  present  form  them themselves  selves themselves  into  a  committee,  with  power  to  add  to  their  numbers,  for  the  purpose  of  making  the  necessary  arrangements  for  the  suitable  reception  of  the  Association,  and  that  Dr.  In Inman  man Inman  be  requested  to  act  as  secretary.  The  Rev.  gentleman  said,  in  moving  the  resolution,that  he  had  a  very  bad  cold,  and  should  therefore  be  excused  for  making  a  short  speech  on  the  occasion.  He  did  not  think,  however,  that  the  resolu resolution  tion resolution  called  for  a  long  speech  under  any  circumbmnees,  for  it  would  sufficiently  present  itself  in  the  form  in  which  it  was  zed  to  the  acceptance  of  the  meeting.  The  promotion  —fence  tended  most  materially  to  the  promotion  of  com commerce,  merce, commerce,  manufacture,  and  agriculture,  and  he  was  not  the  least  afraid  of  its  operation  in  connection  with  religion.  He  was  satisfied  that  the  advancement  of  science  properly  pur pursued,  sued, pursued,  would  advance  the  inte  res  t  o  f  t  rue  religion.  (Hear.)  The  science  of  geology,  /or  instance,  of  which  some  divines  hqd  heon STYLE=superscript  ay.ndAillp  nfraid_  has  not  tAnfind  pua puasiole  siole puasiole  degree  to  weaken  the  evidence  of  their  most  hol  faith.  Geology  properly  understood  would  mate-  - STYLE=superscript  *  advance  them,  and  having  a  tendency  to  make  better  acquainted  with  the  -*eat  Creat  would  lead  tb.--  tion  as  *--  led  to  t  works  of  th  iate  his  mercy  i  divines,  to  accompany  the  men  'of  science  into  the  fiefs  of  science,  and  they  trusted  that  the  latter  would  accompany  them  into  the  temple  of  God,  and  listen  to  the  still  voice  of  revelation,  and  learn  from  it  the  knowledge  of  the  moral  attnbutes  of  God,  which  they  could  not  earn  from  the  progress  of  their  scientific  discoveries.  (Applause.)  Mr.  JOHN  BUCK  LLOYD  seconded  the  resolution.  He  said  that  as  this  was  the  age  of  progress  '  'not  so  much  as  rega  r  d  e  d  commerce,  but  also  science  and  art,  he  was  sure  the  town  of  Liverpool  would  receive  the  Association  not  only  in  a  manner  suitable  to  the  character  and  position  of  the  eminent  men  who  composed  it,  but  in  a  manner  conformable  with  its  own  proverbial  hospitality  ;  and  that  the  local  committees  would  be  so  appointed  as  to  give  satisfaction  to  all  who  would  take  part  in  the  proceedings.  (Hear,  hear).  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  Joseph  V.  YATES  said—Mr.  Mayor,  it  is  now  16  years  since  the  British  Association  have  wet  in  this  place,  and  I  can  assure  you  that  it  has  bceu  a  matter  of  regret  with  seve several  ral several  of  its  members  that  they  have  not  been  able  to  hold  their  meeting  in  Liverpool  at  an  earlier  period.  But  from  hav having  ing having  attended  myself  at  almost  all  their  meetings,  I  can  say  with  truth  that  there  have  been  almost  as  great  contentions  for  the  honor  of  meeting  in  this  town  or  in  that  town,  as  there  were  in  ancient  times  among  the  seven  cities,  concern concerning  ing concerning  the  birth  of  Homer.  Upon  the  occasion  of  several  late  meetings,  various  important  places  have  put  in  their  0  and  although  some  of  us  attended  year  after  year  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  enforcing  the  claims  of  Liverpool,  we  had  not  been  able  to  succeed  for  the  reasons  I  have  already  stated,  until  the  last  meeting  which  took  place  last  September,  Finding  ourselves  successful,  we  rejoiced  to  find  that  we  met  with  the  most  cordial  congratulations  from  every  member  of  the  Bristish  Association,  and  they  all  expressed  the  senti sentiment,  ment, sentiment,  that  they  were  highly  delighted  with  the  con contemplation  templation contemplation  of  a  meeting  here.  You  yourself,  sir,  have  very  well  laid  open  the  advantages  which  generally  arise  to  the  cause  of  science  by  the  meetings  of  the  British  Association  for  the  advancement  of  science,  and  I  need  scarcely  add  to  what  you  have  stated  upon  the  subject,  and  what  my  friend,  the  rector,  has  said  to  the  same  effect.  I  need  scarcely  add  anything  regarding  the  great  advantages  which  will  in  par particular  ticular particular  be  obtained  by  the  town  of  Liverpool.  Sir,  we  have  now  arrived  at  a  distinction  among  the  great  seaports  of  the  world.  We  have  arrived  at  the  summit.  (Hear,  hear).  We  are  now  the  principal  seaport  in  the  world,  and  I  should  be  glad  that  we  should  also  run  the  same  race  in  the  cause  of  science,  with  that  in  which  we  have  been  already  successful  in  commerce  and  in  trade.  (Hear,  hear).  I  have  not  the  least  doubt,  sir,  that  the  holdi  ng  o  f  the  meeting  in  Liverpool  will  go  very  largely  towards  the  production  of  such  an  effect  as  I  have  described,  and  that  we  shall  have  a  number  of  men  arising  in  this  place,  who  will  render  themselves  eminent  after  a  while  in  the  cause  of  science.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  preparations  for  holding  this  great  meeting  in  September  next  will  'not  be  remarkably  onerous  upon  any  of  us,  because  I  believe  I  may  say,  looking  round  the  room,  that  we  are  a  legion.  (H  ear  ,  h  ear.  )  W  e  A  ra  all—and  I  find  the  sentiment  pervades  the  town  —we  ;Ise  all  intending  to  join  heart  and  hand  for  the  purpose  of  giving  the  gentlemen  of  the  British  Association  a  favour favourable,  able, favourable,  a  hospitable,  a  liberal  reception.  (Hear,  hear  and  applause.)  And  with  regard  to  the  accommodation  hich  we  can  afford  them,  I  trust  that  our  friend  Mr.  Lloyd,  wb  o  is  Chairman  of  StGeorges  Hall,  and  the  gentlemen  asso associated  ciated associated  with  him  in  that  committee,  will  exert  themselves  to  complete  that  building,  by  the  aid  of  yourself,  Sir,  and  other  members  of  the  corporate  body,  so  that  we  may  hold  all  the  meetings  of  every  section  in  the  one  building,  which  will  be  an  object  that  has  scarcely  ever  been  attained  at  any  period,  during  the  23  y  ears  which  the  Association  has  existed,  with  the  exception  perhaps  of  Oxford  and  Cambridge.  (Hear,  hear,  and  applause.)  Sir,  I  consider  that  we  are  greatly  in indebted  debted indebted  to  you  for  summoning  this  meeting  at  the  close  of  your  Mayoralty,  in  which  you  have  so  very  greatly  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  yourself  by  your  liberality,  your  munificence,  and  your  public  spirit.  (Applause.)  I  consider  the  last  act  a  most  graceful  act,  that  which  you  are  now  performing,  to  summon  this  meeting,  in  the  midst  of  all  your  cares  and  laboura,  which  necessarily  attend  upon  the  close  of  your  Mayoralty.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  consider  the  closing  act  a  most  graceful  act,  inasmuch  as  you  have  summoned  us  together  upon  this  occasion.  Sir,  I  have  had  a  resolution  put  into  my  hands,  to  the  following  That  there  be  consti constituted  tuted constituted  from  the  general  committee  five  sub-committees,  namely  first,  the  committee  of  finance;  second,  the  committee  for  section  room  and  soirees;  third,  for  lodging  and  reception  ;  fourth,  for  printing  and  post posting  ing posting  ;  and  fifth,  for  excursions  ;  and  that  tb.—  _  mittees  consist  of  the  following  member  to  add  to  their  numbers  with  power  There  are  many  gentlemen  in  this  room  who  are  not  perhaps  aware  of  the  nec  or  forming  these  committees  at  so  early  a  period.  The  ex expense  pense expense  attending  the  holding  of  the  meeting  in  this  town  will  not  be  very  great,  it  will  not  be  very  onerous  upon  any  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  :  but  still  it  will  be  necessary  to  obtain  a  sum  of  from  £l,OOO  to  £1,500  altogether,  in  order  to  defray  the  expense  which  is  always  incident  to  the  holding  of  these  meetings.  For  example,  there  is  very  heavy  expense  incurred  in  print printing  ing printing  and  stationery  :  there  is  considerable  expense  incurred  in  providing  for  excursions.  to  various  places  in  the  vicinity  and  also  the  fitting  up  of  section  rooms  and  rooms  for  soirees.  These  expenses  are  necessary  independently'  of  the  private  hospitality  which  we  know  to  a  certainty  will  be  exercised  upon  this  occasion,  the  same  as  it  was  upon  the  former  occasion.  (Hear,  hear.)  On  the  former  occasion,  most  of  the  leading  gentlemen  of  the  town  did,  according  to  their  means,  invite  the  eminent  members  of  the  British  Association  to  their  houses,  and  of  course  that  saved  con considerable  siderable considerable  expense  to  the  members  of  the  association  gene generally.  rally. generally.  Now,  ,  sir,  we  have  put  down  a  number  of  names  upon  these  committees,  derivedfrom  gentlemen  who  expressed  their  willingness  to  act  chiefly,  but  there  may  be  omissions,  and  there  will  be,  without  doubt,  as  it  is  impossible  for  any  gentleman  connected  with  the  proceedings  to  state  exactly  who  would  be  willing  to  act  and  take  an  active  part,  and  who  would  not.  The  names,  however,  can  be  altered  in  any  way  you,  sir,  and  the  meeting  think  proper.  The  speaker  then  read  the  names,  which  comprised  nearly  all  the  gen gentlemen  tlemen gentlemen  present,  and  concluded  by  proposing  the  adoption  of  the  resolution.  Mr.  THORNLEY,  M.P.,  said  he  had  much  pleasure  in  se seconding  conding seconding  the  proposition.  He  had  attended  with  great  gra gratification  tification gratification  some  of  the  meetings  of  the  British  Association,  and  was  strongly  impressed  with  the  importance  of  these  meetings  for  the  advancement  of  science.  He  felt  quite  sure  that  the  object  of  the  meeting  would  be  carried  out  in  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  in  the  best  possible  manner.  The  CHAIRMAN  put  the  resolution,  which  was  adopted  without  a  dissentient.  M.r  THOMIS  BERRY  HOP.SFALL,  M.  P.,  proposed  the  next  resolution  as  follows  his  Worship  the  Mayor,  for  the  time  being,  be  requested  to  act  as  chairman,  and  that  Samuel  Holme,  Esq.,  William  Lassell,  Esq.,  and  Joseph  B.  Yates,  Esq.,  be  vice-chairmen,  and  that  those  gentlemen,  with  he  local  treasurer  and  two  local  secretaries,  be  ex  officio  members  of  all  the  Mr.  Horsfall  said  :  I  think,  from  my  own  knowledge  of  the  gen gentleinen  tleinen gentleinen  hero  named,  we  may  have  confidence  that  they  will  form  very  efficient  chairmen  and  deputy-chairmen  of  the  very  extensive  committee  which  has  just  been  formed.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  is  not  necessary,  sir,  that  I  should  trouble  this  meeting  with  any  lengthened  observations,  but  I  cannot  avoid  ex expressing  pressing expressing  my  entire  concurrence  in  the  observations  with  which  you  have  favoured  - STYLE=superscript  the  meeting,  and  I  do  hope  that  the  gentlemen  who  will  honour  us  with  their  presence  at  the  approaching  anniversary  of  the  British  Association  will  bear  in  mind  the  practical  results  which  we  are  to  expect  from  their  scientific  proceedings.  In  Liverpool  we  are  emphati emphatically  cally emphatically  men  of  business  who  look  to  results,  and  I  think  that  we  may  look  with  confidence  to  the  results  of  the  ap approaching  proaching approaching  meeting,  judging  by  the  effect  of  the  last  whichwas  held  in  this  town,  and,  sir,  although  Mr.  Yates  has  told  us  that  it  is  16  years  since  the  last  meeting  was  held  here,  there  are  many  in  the  room  who  may  have,  as  I  have,  a  very  pleasing  and  a  very  vivid  recollection  of  it.  (Hear,  hear.)  And,  sir,  I  think,  in  a  few  words,  that  it  augurs  well  for  the  meeting  in  Liverpool  that  the  noble  lord  whom  we  have  so  long  known  and  so  long  respected  has  undertaken  to  preside  over  it.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  applause)  I  think,  sir,  with  such  a  noble  lord  and  such  a  noble  building,  which;  I  trust,  we  shall  have  ready  for  the  occasion,  we  may  may  anticipate  the  most  happy  results  from  the  approaching  meeting.  (Hear,  hear.)  Sir,  I  have  great  pleasure  in  moving  the  reso resolution  lution resolution  which  I  have  just  read.  _  _  Mr.  FRANCIS  Hziwoou  seconded  the  motion,  expressing  his  belief  that  the  object  the  meeting  had  in  view  might  be  safely  confided  to  the  gentlemen  named  in  the  resolution.  The  C/lAIRMAN  put  the  resolution  which  was  unanimously  adopted.  Rev.  Dr.  RAFFLES  said  :  Mr.  Mayor,  I  beg  leave  to  move  that  the  mayor  for  the  time  being,  be  respectfully  requested  to  call  a  public  meeting  in  the  sessions  house,  in  order  to  secure  the  active  co-operation  of  the  town  at  large.  I  apprehend,  Mr.  Mayor,  that  it  would  b  e  unnecessary  for  me  to  occupy  a  moment  of  your  valuable  time  in  attempting  to  say  any anything  thing anything  in  order  to  enforce  this  resolution.  I  apprehend  that  it  must  commend  itself  to  the  judgment  of  every  gentleman  present.  (Hear,  hear.)  Although  Mr.  Yates  tells  us,  that  there  will  not  be  a  very  large  amount  reqniried  to  shew  such  hospitality  as  we  are  desirous  to  shew  to  the  highly  respect respectable  able respectable  and  honourable  gentlemen  who  will  visit  us  on  this  occasion,  still  some  expense  will  be  incurred,  and  in  order  to  defray  that  expense  it  is  important  that  we  should  interest  the  community  at  large  in  the  object  which  we  have  in  view.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  beg  leave  sir,  to  move  the  resolution.  Mr.  TriNr.  seconded  the  proposition.  He  observed,  it  would  be  seen  that  the  proceedings  of  that  day  were  little  more  than  preliminary  m  a  great  measure,  but  still  it  would  be  the  pource  of  very  great  satisfaction  to  all  the  friends  of  the  British  Association,  to  find  that  so  influential  and  so  numerous  a  meeting  attended  there  on  the  bare  announcement  of  the  visit  next  year.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  could  not  but  think  that  it  augured  well  for  thesuccess  ofthe  object.  (Hear,  hear.)  lib  elite  I:Ausizi  nag  of  the  meeting  had  been  one  through  in  so  practical  a  manner,  he  would  not  detain  them  by  making  any  further  observations.  The  motion  was  unanimously  adopted.  The  CuirnmAN-  then  announced  that  the  business  of  the  evening  had  concluded.  -  .  Mr.  Jos  Eill  PoLLocs.,  judge  of  the  County  Court,  moved  that  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  . STYLE=superscript  be  given  to  the  mayor  for  having  called  them  together,  and  for  the  manner  in  which  he  had  presided  over  them.  In  proposing  the  motion  Mr.  Pollock  observed,  that  as  the  ministers  of  religion  had  expressed  their  anxiety  to  further  with  the  utmost  of  their  aid  the  progress  of  art,  literature,  and  science,  perhaps  he  might  bo  pormilAcci,  c  1,5  picaidiug.  umr  a  court  or  law,  to  add  their  expression  of  his  earnest  anxiety  to  the  same  effect.  Applause.)  He  felt  well  assured,  that  just  in  proportion  as  intellect  extended,  and  in  proportion  as  knowledge  increased,  so  would  be  their  attachment  to  their  social  institutions  and  their  social  rights,  and  such  would-  be  their  appreciation'  of  the  advantages  which  they  now  enjoyed  of  civil  and  religious  liberty.  (Applause.)  Mr.  ADAM  HUDSON  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  by  acclamation.  The  Mayor  having  briefly  acknowledged  the  compliment  ;  the  meeting  separated.  COURT  OF  CH  ANCERY.-.THIIRSDAY  (Dv  - STYLE=superscript  ore  the  Lords  Justices.)  Tax  TRUSTEES  OF  THE  BIRKENHEAD  DOCKS  V.  LAIRD.  THE  BIRKENHEAD  DOCK  COMPANY,  AND  ANOTHER.  This  was  a  litigation  between  the  plaintiffs,  the  trustees  of  the  Birkenhead  Docks,  and  the  defendants,  the  Birkenhead  Dock  Company,both  these  compani  es  h  av  i  ng  o  bt  a  i  ne  d  pow powers  ers powers  from  the  legislature  to  make  docks,  &amp;c.,  at  Birkenhead,  and  claiming  to  exercise  those  powers  along  a  piece  of  water  called  the  Wallasey  Pool.  The  question  at  issue  was,  whether  the  defendant  company  were  bou  n  d  t  o  exercise  their  powers  in  subservience  to  the  plaintiffs,  the  decision  of  this  turned  on  the  construction  of  the  acts  of  Parliament  respectively  ob obtained  tained obtained  by  the  two  'bodies.  In  July,  1844,  the  plaintiffs  ob obtained  tained obtained  an  act  giving  them  power  to  embank  portions  of  the  shore  of  the  Mersey,  in  order  to  make  docks,  &amp;c.,  and  in  May,  1845,  they  obtained  a  second  act,  called  the  enabling  them  to  construct  sea  and  wharf  walls,  and  other  works  along  Wallasey  Pool.  The  19th  section  of  this  second  act  directed  that  the  owners  of  certain  lands  might  become  the  purchasers  of  any  of  these  walls,  and  should  then  be  treated  as  owners  thereof,  and  be  at  liberty  to  make  oyen oyenings  ings oyenings  and  other  alterations,  with  the  sanction  of  the  plaintiff  company.  In  June,  1846,  the  defendants  obtained  their  act,  authorising  them  to  construct  docks,  and  for  this  purpose  en enabling  abling enabling  them  to  become  owne  rs  o  f  the  lands  just  referred  to.  They  subsequently  obtained  a  portion  of  the  walls  erected  under  the  powers  granted  to  the  plaintiff  company,  and  made  a  lease  of  it  the  defendant  Laird.  It  appeared  that  this  gentleman  commenced  making  openings,  &amp;c.,  in  the  wall  without  the  consent  of  th  e  pl  ain  tiff  s.  The  trustees  of  the  Birkenhead  Docks  then  filed  their  bill  to  restrain  him,  the  object  apparently  being  to  obtain  the  opinion  of  the  court  in  reference  to  the  powers  conferred  on  the  two  com companies  panies companies  by  their  respective  acts  of  Parliament.  On  the  18th  MT  last  the  Master  of  the  Rolls,  on  a  motion  for  a  decree,  detide  s  d  in  favour  of  the  plaintiffs,  and  made  a  decree,  de declaring  claring declaring  that  the  defendant  was  not  entitled  to  make  open openings,  ings, openings,  &amp;c.,  without  the  sanction  of  the  plaintiffs,  in  the  terms  of  the  19th  section  of  the  act  of  May,  1845.  The  Birkenhead  Dock  Company  now  moved  to  set  aside  or  vary  this  decree.  Mr.  Follett  and  Mr.  Goldsmid,  for  the  plaintiffs,  supported  the  decision  of  the  Master  of  the  Rolls.  A  point  of  practice  was  raised  in  the  course  of  their  argu argument  ment argument  as  to  whether  the  court  could,  under  the  provisions  of  the  act  15th  and  16th  Viet.,  c.  36,  determine  a  mere  ques question  tion question  of  law,  such  question  not  being  necessary  to  be  decided  previously  to  the  decision  of  an  equitable  question,  but  solely  for  the  purpose  of  a  declaratory  decree  not  followed  by  consequential  relief.  Their  lordships  suggested  ,that  there  might  be  conside  ra  bl  e  d  ou  bt  on  the  po  i  nt,  an  d  to  avo  i  d  the  difllculty  arising  in  the  case  before  them,  the  defendants  consented  to  admit  in  terms  that  Laird  was  acting  contrary  to  the  words  of  the  19th  section  of  this  act.  The  result  of  thiS  admission  would  be  to  entitle  the  plaintiffs  to  conse consequential  quential consequential  relief,  in  the  shape,  of  an  injunction,  if  the  Lords  Justices  agreed  with  the  view  of  the  act  taken  by  the  Master  of  the  Rolls.  The  Solicitor-General  and  Mr.  Kinglake,  for  the  Birken Birkenhead  head Birkenhead  Dock  Company,  contended  that  the  plaintiffs  and  defendants  had  distinct  and  independent  objects  and  powers;  and  that  it  was  not  intendedlby  the  Legislature  to  render  the  latter  company  subservient  to  the  former  ;  and  that  to  put  the  construction  on  the  acts  of  Parliament  which  had  been  done  by  the  Master  of  the  Rolls,  would  be  to  render  the  large  expenditure  which  had  been  made  by  the  defendants,  to  an  amount  of  £600,000,  comparatively  useless.  In  sup support  port support  of  their  'view  of  the  case,  they  referred  to  and  com commented  mented commented  on  the  different  sections  of  the  various  acts  above  mentioned.  Mr.  Kinglake  had  not  concluded  his  address  when  the  court  rose.  Narrow  ESCAPE  FROM  DROWNING.—On.  Thursday  night,  about  nine  o'clock,'  a  respectably  dressed  female  fell  overboard,  from  the  Rock  Ferry  boat,  (she  was  said  by  some  to  have  jumped  overl)  and  had  a  narrow  escape  from  drowning.  She  became  entanged  in  the  paddle-wheel  of  one  of  the  Wood Woodside  side Woodside  boats,  and  was  rescued.  Had  she  not  come  in  contact  with  the  wheel  the  must  inevitably  have  been  drowned.  I.RELAJ.VD  FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  FEARFUL  INUNDATIONS  AT  CORK.-DESTRUC CORK.-DESTRUCTION  TION CORK.-DESTRUCTION  OF  PATRICK'S  BRIDGE,  AND  LOSS  OF  LIFE.  DUBLLN,  FRIDAY.  The  accounts  from  the  provinces  this  morning  are  of  the  most  discouraging  description.  Most  of  the  rivers  are  so  swollen  by  the  rains,  as  to  have  flooded  the  lands  in  their  neighbourhood,  and  otherwise  done  serious  injury.  I  give  you  the  reports  seriatim.  The  Cork  Examiner,  of  Wednesday,  says  :  Tie  most  terrible  flood  which  has  ever  appeared  in  the  city  is  now  raging  not  only  in  the  river,  but  rushing  like  a  mill  race  through  the  streets,  flooding  the  houses,  and  sus suspending  pending suspending  the  whole  course  of  business.  At  an  early  hour  this  morning  the  western  part  of  the  city  was  covered  to  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  extent  with  water,  but  this  attracted  no  great  alarm,  as  that  portion  is  the  first  to  suffer  from  the  effects  of  delug deluging  ing deluging  rains.  But  as  it  was  observed  to  spread  across  like  a  sea,  bearing  down  portions  of  trees  and  fragments  of  timber  buildings,  apprehensions  became  excited.  About  ten  o'clock  the  Grand  Parade  became  flooded,  and  the  stream,  separating  itself  there,  bore  down  rapidly  along  Patrick-street  and  the  South  Mall,  and  gradually  extended  itself  over  every  portion  of  the  flat  .of  the  city.  By  twelve  o'clock  the  rush  of  the  water  through  every  street  necessitated  the  closing  of  the  shops,  and  business  was  totally  suspended.  The  aspect  of  the  city  now  became  very  threatening  ,  and  the  alarm  became  general  and  intense  ;  but  thi  s  feeing  was  changed  to  horror  when,  about  half-past  twelve,  the  account  of  a  fearful  calamity  came  to  add  to  the  terror  of  the  scene.  At  that  hour  the  turbid  and  swollen  water  was  rushing  under  Patrick's  Bridge  in  large  and  rough  waves  like  those  of  the  sea  ;  the  bridge  was  as  usual  crowded  with  passers-by,  some  of  whom  were  gazing  with  mingled  alarm  and  curiosity  at  the  menacing  waters,  when  suddenly  a  crack  was  heard,  and  in  a  second  the  western  portion  of  the  pier  near  Camden  quay  gave  way,  and  fell  into  the  tide,  carrying  with  it  a  number  of  per persons  sons persons  who  had  been  passing  along.  What  the  numbers  were  is  not  accurately  .  know  ;  there  are  various  and  conflicting  accounts,  some  saying  so  h  i  gh  as  twenty,  but  the  credited  and  more  general  account  estimates  them  at  between  eight  and  twelve.  At  present  no  notion  even  can  be  formed  of  who  those  unhappy  persons  were.  Not  one  of  those  that  fell  was  saved,  not  a  hand  or  a  head  was  seen  above  the  waters  in  which  they  were  carried  down.  The  pollee  wore  soon  after  in  attendance,  to  prevent  the  passers-by  from  crossing  the  bridge,  which,  notwithstanding  its  dangerous  condition,  with  half  of  one  of  the  piers  torn  away,  numbers  of  persons  persisted  in  doing.  Shortly  afterwards  General  Maunsell  arrived  with  a  guard  of  soldiers,  with  fixed  bayonets,  which  was  found  to  be  necessary  to  keep  persons  from  crossing.  At  the  present  moment  not  only  the  bridge,  but  even  the  quays  near,  arc  in  considerable  danger.  The  huge  mass  of  masonry  remained  pressing  for  about  two  hours  against  the  other  portion  of  the  pier,  until,  at  last,  underminded  by  the  terrible  rush  of  water,  it  has  fallen,  and  placed  the  pier  of  the  centre  arch  in  a  most  precarious  condition.  About  the  same  time  a  portion  of  the  Coal-quay,  near  Market-street  to  the  length  of  about  thirty  yards,  was  burst  by  the  force  of  the  water.  As  we  write,  an  account  has  arrived  that  the  portion'of  the  same  quay  near  Half-moon-street,  on  which  the  fountain  is  plaeed,  has  been  also  carried  down,  and  large  cracks  along  the  pathways  indicate  the  almost  certainty  that  further  portions  will  meet  the  same  fate.  Great  fears'  are  entertained  for  the  safety  of  North  Gate  Bridge,  the  water  rushing  through  which  is  literally  foaming  over  the  parapets.  From  an  early  hour  the  traffic  by  cars  has  been  stopped,  and  chains  have  now  been  thrown  across  to  prevent,  as  much  as  possible,  foot  passengers  from  running  the  risk  they  incur  in  crossing  it.  Accounts  have  reached  town  that  the  whole  country  . STYLE=superscript  for  thirty  miles  round  has  been  inundated  to  a  terrible  extent,  and  a  fearful  amount  of  damage  has  been  done,  but  of  course  we  cannot  as  yet  estimate  to  what  extent,  or  give  any  particulars.  We  have  been  informed  that  the  Black Blackwater  water Blackwater  is  flooded  in  a  similar  manner  with  the  Lee,  and  that  houses,  corn,  and  cattle  have  been  borne  down.  The  extent  of  damage  that  has  been  done  up  the  river  has  not,  of  course,  been  yet  ascertained,  but  thou-ands  of  evi evidences  dences evidences  of  it  are  being  momentarily  swept  down  by  the  current.  A  blacksmith,  whose  whole  house  and  workshop  were  carried  away  by  the  flood,  came  floating  down  upon  a  bed,  to  which  he  clung  desperately.  He  appeared  to  have  come  a  considerable  distance  ;  but,  being  a  large  powerful  man,  he  still  retained  his  strength  -  and  self-possession.  As  he  came  near  the  Anglesea  Bridge,  while  the  most  breathless  interest  was  excited  by  the  spectators,  repeated,  and,  we  are  glad  to  say,  finally  successful  attempts  were  made  to  save  him.  Ho  was  thrown  ropes  from  several  of  the  ships,  one  of  which  he  grasped,  and  was  carried  frequently  under  the  bottom  of  the  vessel  by  the  terrific  rush  of  the  water,  but  was  at  last  dragged  ashore  safe.  It  was  stated  that  his  son  also  had  been  saved,  and  that  his  wife  and  child  were  drowned.  Thousands  of  spectators  crowd  the  quays,  in  some  cases  to  their  imminent  danger,  and,  notwithstanding  all  the  efforts  of  the  police,  watching  the  various  objects  that  are  brought  down  by  the  flood..  One  of  the  most  singular  of  these  was  a  tree  upon  which  a  live  turkey  was  perched.  e  have  heard  that  the  flood  on  the  Blackwatev  exceeds  anything  that  has  occurred  within  living  intinory.  - STYLE=superscript  Yost'  trees  are  said  to  have  been  torn  up  from  their  roots  and  carried  away,  bearing  destruction  to  every  obstacle  they  encounter.  FOUR  o'cLocK.—Judging  from  present  appearances,  the  flood  is  not  likely  to  rise  higher,  but  we  cannot  say  tha  great  dangers  are  not  yet  to  be  apprehended.  Business,  a  youriatl,  stAl  remains  suspended,  and  boats  are  to  be-seen  i  various  parts  of  the  streets.  ADDITIONAL  PARTICULARS.—The  Constitution  ves  us  tidings  up  to  half-past  Eleven  o'clock  p.m.,  o  f  We  dnesday,  by  which  it  appears  that  the  gate  house  of  the  Munster  Model  Farm  was  swept  away.  It  is  also  stated,  that  the  number  of  persons  who  lost  their  lives  on  Patrick's  bridge,  was  from  twelve  to  fifteen.  The  Mayor  was  unluckily  absent  in  Dublin,  on  official  business.  His  secretary,  Mr.  Pierce  Fitzgerald,  was  actively  engaged  through  the  city  all  day.  Towards  evening,  many  Of  the  inhabitants  of  Nile-street,  and  the  more  lowly  situated  (licit:iota  of  the  town,  began  to  utter  cries  of  bread,  having  been  unable  to  procure  any  provisions  all  day.  On  hearing  of  the  circumstance,  Mr.  Fitzgerald  procured  a  boat,  which  he  loaded  with  bread  and  distributed  to  the  people.  This  he  continued  to  do  during  the  entire  night  up  to  twelve  o  clock.  The  High  Sheriff,  A.  J.  Wood,  Esq.,  gave  orders  to  the  bakers,  that  the  police  should  be  furnished  with  bread,  on  his  responsibility,  to  any  amount  they  might  require.  The  different  police  stations  were  crowded  with  children,  who  remained  there  the  entire  night,  having  each  received  a  good  supper  through  the  liberality  of  the  High  Sheriff.  The  constabulary  were  actively  engaged  all  day.  At  an  early  hour  in  the  morninc  , STYLE=superscript  they  had  gone  round  the  city,  warning  shopkeepers  of  the  flood  which  might  be  expected.  During  the  dayhead  constable  Crowley  was  engaged  with  a  body  of  police  at  Patrick's  bridge,  to  prevent  the  pub public  lic public  from  crossing.  Head  constable  Porter  was  similarly  occupied  at  North  Gate  Bridge  ;  whilst  to  head  constable  Roe  was  confined  the  care  of  the  quays,  at  which  men  were  stationed  at  intervals,  to  prevent  parties  from  approaching  too  near  the  edge  of  the  river.  A  party  of  mounted  police,  under  direction  of  sub-inspector  Walker,  proceeded  to  the  different  roads  outside  the  city,  to  warn  parties  not  to  come  into  town.  The  gas  lamps,  of  course,  could  not  in  many  parts  of  the  city  be  lighted.  The  streets  would  have  been  in  total  dark darkness  ness darkness  if  the  residents  had  not  lighted  them  up  by  holding  can candles,  dles, candles,  lamps,  torches,  &amp;c.,  in  their  front  windows  ,  which  they  continued  doing  until  an  advanced  hour  of  the  night.  What  the  extent  of  the  loss  of  property,  consequent  on  the  floods,  may  be,  it  is  impossible  to  estimate,  but  it  must  be  eiceedingly  .  serious  ;  the  shopkeepers  in  the  main  streets,  on  the  quays,  ni  Patrick-street,  and.  the  Parade,  must  all  Have STYLE=superscript  suffered  considerably.  It  is  rather  singul  ar  th  a  t  in  Black Blackpool,  pool, Blackpool,  which  is  usually  one  of  the  first  districts  inundated  when  the  city  is  visited  by  floods,  has  not  suffered  the  slightest  inconvenience  from  the  present  visitation.  Black Blackpool  pool Blackpool  and  all  the  streets  adjacent  are  quite  dry.  In  anticipation  of  the  tide,  the  vessels  in  the  river  were  all  secured  to  the  quays  by  their  anchors.  Large  holes  were  dug  in  the  quays,  about  eighteen  feet  from  the  edge,  and  the  anchors  firmly  imbedded  in  them.  By  thi  s  p  reca  ution  the  shipping  escaped  without  serious  damage.  The  entire  country  near  Macroom  is  inundated  to  even  a  greater  extent  than  in  Cork.  Macroom  Bridge  has  been  swept  away,  and  one  of  the  railway  bridges  on  the  Kil Killarney  larney Killarney  line  has  been  carried  down,  completely  stopping  the  transit  of  the  trains.  it  is  stated  that  Mr.  Lead-r,  near  Kanturk,  has  lost  a  flock  of  300  fine  sheep,  which  were  car carried  ried carried  away  and  drowned.  Mallow  has  fared  still  worse.  A  miller  residing  in  that  town,  whose  name  we  were  unable  to  ascertain,  has  lost  two  horses  ;  and  five  persons  have  been  drowned  in  their  houses,  three  in  one,  and  two  in  another.  The  water  is  flowing  through  the  streets  to  the  depth  of  over  twelve  feet.  The  shops  are,  completely  filled,  and  even  the  first  floor  rooms  are  floating  with  water.  Rafts  are  plying  through  the  streets,  manned  with  police,  and  loaded  with  bread  and  other  provisions,  which  they  are  distributing  to  the  poorer  inhabitants,.  who  would  otherwise  be  placed  in  a  position  of  extreme  privation.  In  one  houie  near  the  rail railway,  way, railway,  water  flowed  into  the  drawing-room.  Two  houses  in  the  heart  of  the  town  have  given  way.  A  somewhat  amus amusing  ing amusing  incident  has  occurred.  A  gentleman  residing  in  Mallow,'  had  kept  two  casks  of  old  whiskey,  which  he  purposed  re reserving  serving reserving  for  future  use,  when  matured  by  age.  The  water,  however,  entered  his  cellar,  and  the  two  casks  of  whiskey  were  staved  and  carried  away  ;  the  cellar  was  surrounded  with  people  drinking  the  grog,  which  flowed  copiously  out.  One  gentleman  who  had  to  travel  to  Cork  on  business,  was  forced  to  get  out  of  the  second  floor  window  of  one  of  the  hotels,  and  go  down  a  ladder  into  a  boat,  by  which  he  was  eo4veyed  to  the  railway  station."
