text
"It  is  not  when  our  trade  has  suffered  to  the  e:  tent  of  millions,  that  we  are  to  caution  the  tran  sors  on  the  peace  of  Europe,  may  expect  if  they  The  gift  of  common  sense  was  not  confined  to  the  Scottish  nobility,  and  therefore  we  are  not  bound  to  bestow  our  entire  homage  on  the  good  sense  or  manly  parts  of  the  Scotic  Peerage.  If  LORD  ABERDEEN  thinks  to  serve  the  cause  of  humanity,  by  waiting  a  little  we  tell  him  that  such  a  course  has  already  endangered  the  welfare  of  the  Empire,  and  if  it  be  pursued  further  the  responsibility  will  not  fall  upon  stones.  If  a  bold  and  becoming  attitude  had  been  taken  in  the  first  instance,  by  the  representative  of  this  country,  the  invasion  of  the  Principalities  would  never  have  taken  place.  Russia  was  unable  of  herself  to  un undertake  dertake undertake  such  a  step.  And  if  she  had  been  shown  what  the  real  feeling  of  Europe  was  towards  her,  she  would  not  have  run  to  risk  of  her  existence  even  with  the  war  cry  of  Orthodox  Faith.'  ler  column  will  be  found  the  Manifesto  of  In  an  the  Emperor  NICHOLAS,  to  which  we  shall  recur  on  Monday  UNJUST  and  impolitic  taxes  on  food  we  had  hoped  were  for  ever  abolished  throughout  the  British  dominions.  But  what  will  be  the  amazement  of  the  public  when  they  find  that  we  have  a  local  tax  upon  bread-stuffs  imported  into  this  town,  which  are,  if  anything,  more  unjust,  oppressive,  and  pro prohibitive,  hibitive, prohibitive,  than  the  imperial  tax  levied  upon  food  under  the  late  system.  The  magni magnitude  tude magnitude  of  the  Liverpool  bread  tax  is  greater  than  the  public  are  at  all  prepared  to  hear.  For  every  100  T)  quarters  of  wheat  imported  the  consumer  has  to  pay  the  Dock  Committee,  in  dues,  Xll  2s.  3d.  We  will  discuss  at  once  the  justice  and  propriety  of  this  one  item,  before  we  bring  forward  the  long  addenda  to  .swell  the  ;total  to  an  intolerable  impo imposition.  sition. imposition.  Dock  dues  are  sums  paid  to  the  public  estate  of  this  Borough.  The  management  of  this  estate,  or  what  is  called  the  is  given  to  a  Committee,  elected  jointly  by  the  Dock  Rate Ratepayers  payers Ratepayers  and  the  Town  Council,  for  the  public  or  general  weal,  totally  irrespective  of  profit  or  emolu emolument.  ment. emolument.  This  being  the  letter  of  the  trust  itself,  and  the  spirit  evinced  by  the  legislature  in  amplifying  and  perpetuating  the  estate,  we  deny  boldly  the  right  of  the  Dock  Committee  to  levy  any  dues  which  are  unjust  and  oppressive,  and  which  are  most  inimical  to  the  public  good.  A  direct  tax  .  upon  the  bread  of  this  Borough,  which  swells  the  price  of  the  chief  necessary  of  life  to  an  inordinate  degree,  is  at  once  a  violation  of  the  Trust  and  the  spirit  of  the  legislature.  It  is  even  more.  It  marks  out  our  town  as  the  dearest  market,  while  it  stamps  our  port  with  a  character  for  high  charges.  These  are  both  highly  prejudicial  to  the  general  good  We  need  not  travel  beyond  the  Mersey,  fortunately,  for  an  example  of  better  judgment  and  greater  pro propriety  priety propriety  of  purpose.  The  dues  to  which  we  have  thus  far  alluded  are  but  a  mere  shadow  of  the  great  taxing  spirit  which  presides  over  the  Council  of  this  martyred  Borough.  Added  to  the  excessive  Dock  dues,  we  have  most  exorbitant  charges  for  cartage,  warehousing,  and  On  1000  quarters  of  wheat  the  two  for former  mer former  charges  amount  to  £l6  135.•  4d.  When  we  speak  of  this  item  as  excessive,  we  do  so  from  a  well  considered  comparison  . STYLE=superscript  ,  as  we  shall  presently  Insurance  show.  In  the  meantime,  we  have  a  perfectly  usu usurious  rious usurious  rate  of  fire  insurance  exacted  in  this  town.  The  charge  for  three  months  is  7s.  6d.  per  cent.,  which,  if  we  estimate  the  value  of  1000  quarters  of  wheat  at  £2,200,  we  have  an  additional  impost  of  £8  55.,  which  brings  the  aggregate  amount  of  charges  on  1000  quarters  to  the  enormous  sum  of  £36  Os.  7d.  This  is  the  modest  total  of  the  tax  upon  bread  in  the  boasted  free  trade  port  of  Liverpool  !  .  Why,  the  Borough  tax  upon  wheat  is  upwards  of  three-fourths  of  the  bread  tax  required  to  meet  the  wants  of  the  Imperial  Exchequer.  To  show  that  we  do  not  approach  this  subject  without  t  ,ry  to  prove  our  case,  we  now  give  a  table  o  charges  on  foreign  wheat  warehoused  in  Bii  head  contrasted  with  those  of  Liverpool,  in  which  the  figures  are  placed  in  juxta-position.  One  thousand  quarters,  free  on  board,  at  35s  BIRKENHEAD,  Dock  Dues  .  ..  Cartage  &amp;  ware-  housing  Fire  Insurance,  £2,200  for  3  mos.  at  2s.  9d."
