text
"THE  AFRICAN  MAIL  PLYMOUTH,  Thursday  Morning.—The  Charity  screw  steam-ship,  Captain  Atkins,  with  mails  from  the  coast  of  Africa,  Madeira,&amp;c.,  in  charge  of  Lieut.  J.  B.  Striven,  R.N.,  arrived  this  morning.  Her  dates  are—Fernando  Po,  Oct.  30  ;  Lagos,  Oct.  31;  Accra,  Nov.  3  ;  Cape  Coast  Castle,  Nov.  4;  Mon Monrovia,  rovia, Monrovia,  Nov.  7;  Sierra  Leone,  Nov.  9;  Bathurst,  Nov.  15;  •  Teneriffe,  Nov.  22;.  Madeira,  Nov  24.  She  has  a  general  cargo  consisting  of  camwood,  ivory,  cayenne  pepper,  copal  gum,  1,500  ounces  of  gold  dust,  and  a  small  quantity  of  silver  specie  ;  coch cochineal  ineal cochineal  fron  Teneriffe,  and  oranges  from  Madeira.  Her,passengers  are  Captain  Tornsbury,  from  Ca Cameroons  meroons Cameroons  ;  Captain  Grose,  from  Lagos  ;  Captain  Cavalier,  from  Bathurst;  M.  Bremen,  from  Goree;  Captain  Johnson,  two  children,  and  two  servants,  and  the  Rev.  Mr.  Maunsell,  from  Teneriffe.  Her  majesty's  ship  Commander  Mac Macdonald,  donald, Macdonald,  senior  officer,  was  in  sight  of  the  Bight  of  Benin,  and  Biafra  at  Lagos.  The  flag  of  Rear  Admiral  Bruce,  arrived  at  Cape  Coast  from  Ascension,  Nov.  4.  The  Com Commander  mander Commander  Hesseltine,  arrived  at  Sierra  Leone,  Nov.  10,  with  Governor  Kennedy  on  board,  who  had  been  visiting  Sherbro  and  the  Los  Islands.  He  landed  under  a  salute  from  the  brig.  When  the  Charity  was  coming  out  of  the  bay,  on  the  night  of  the  12th,  the  steamer  came  round  the  lighthouse.  In  the  Bonny  River  there  were  about  a  dozen  English  merchant  ships  ;  four  in  the  Old  Calabar,  and  five  or  six  in  the  Cameroons,  waiting  for  car cargoes.  goes. cargoes.  At  the  Island  of  Goree  were  four  French  men-of-war  steamers—viz.,  Eldorado,  Croocdile,  Marabout,  and  Anacruiz.  The  health  on  the  coast  was  in  general  pretty  good,  but  with  occasional  cases  of  fever  and  ague.  Affairs  not  very  satisfactory  at  Lagos,  trade  on  the  coast  being  a  good  deal  interrupted  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  continued  rebellion  of  the  two  active  chiefs,  Agenic  and  Atelson,  This  is  the  first  voyage  of  the  Chanty;  her  per performance  formance performance  is  exceedingly  satisfactory,  having  left  this  port  on  her  outward  voyage  on  the  25th  Sept.  She  returns  seven  days  before  anticipated.  The  passengers  speak  in  the  highest  possible  terms  of  the  vessel,  and  also  of  the  captain  and  officers.  Capt.  Atkins  is  celebrated  for  quick  and  fortunate  voyages,  and  his  reputation  is  increased  by  the  quickness  of  this  voyage.  The  Charity  was  built  by  Mr.  John  Laird,  of  Birkenhead,  and  her  performance  reflects  the  highest  credit  upon  her  builder.  Her  engines  were  made  by  Messrs.  Forrester  and  Co.  of  this  town.  By  the  last  account,  the  west  coast  squadron  was  gathering  round  Lagos.  Her  majesty's  brig  Ferret  was  off  Lagos;  the  Polyphemus  was  four  hours  from  Lagos,  bound  in;  the  Penelope  was  at  Accra,  bound  to  Lagos  ;  the  Plumper  was  off  Cape  Palmas;  the  Volcano,  at  Monrovia;  and  the  Phi-  lomel  was  spoken  off  Sierra  Leone;  the  Britomart,  which  had  been  on  a  cruise  with  Governor  Ken  nedy  for  the  benefit  of  •  his  health,  had  returned  with  his  Excellency  to  Sierra  Leone.  Merchant  vessels  at  Cdmeroons.—The  African  Queen,  George  Jordan,  and  W.  S.  Hamilton.  At  Old  Calabar.—The  Clifton,  Lady  Head,  and  Cala Calabar.  bar. Calabar.  At  Bonny.—The  Hero,  Sir  John  Beresford,  Saint  Lawrence,  Cumberland,  Hans,  Saracen,  African,  Catherine  Baker,  Earl  of  Derby,  Ambraxlie,  Princess  Royal,  and  Sarah  and  Mary.  FRANCE.  PARIS,  THURSDAY  MORNING.—A  dispatch  has  been  received  from  Constantinople,  dated  the  21s  November.  Baraguay  d'Hilliers  had,  in  his  official  pre presentation  sentation presentation  to  the  Sultan,  made  a  speech  in  favour  of  peace,  but  fully  securing  the  independence  of  Turkey.  The  Sultan  replied  with  great  good  feeling,  and  insisting  on  the  withdrawal  of  the  Russian  preten  sions,  and  the  retreat  of  the  Czar's  troops  from  the  principalities.  The  expedition  of  the  .  French  and  English  steamers  into  the  Black  Sea  was  much  spoken  of.  A  report  has  been  current  that  the  French  government  is  determined  on  adopting  measures  against  the  property  which  the  Count  de  Cham Chambord  bord Chambord  possesses  in  France—similar  to  those  already  decreed  against  the  estates  of  the  Orleans  family.  The  Chambord  property,  viz.,  the  two  forests  in  the  Haute-Marne,  the  extensive  forest  near  Bourges,  &amp;c.,  is  on  the  point,  it  is  reported,  of  undergoing  the  fate  of  Neuilly,  and  of  the  other  estates  of  the  younger  branch  Even  this  course  is  not  considered  sufficiently  severe  ;  and  M.  Bineau,  the  minister  of  finance,  has  been  called  on  to  furnish  a  paper  on  the  project  of  calling  the  reimbursement  of  the  milliard  allowed  by  the  Bourbons  at  the  time  of  the  restoration  to  the  emi emigrant  grant emigrant  families.  Yesterday  it  was  generally  reported  here  that  an  attempt  had  been  made  on  the  life  of  the  emperor  at  Fontainebleau.  The  real  fact  is  that  Louis  Napoleon  had  a  fall  from  his  horse  while  hunting,  but  without  having  sustained  any  injury.  The  cholera  is  making  some  progress  in  Paris.  The  cases  now  amount  to  about  fifteen  per  day.  The  Moniteur  announces  that  there  will  be  no  fete  on  the  occasion  of  the  anniversary  of  the  2nd  of  December.  The  only  officially  recognised  fete  is  that  of  the  15th  of  August.  The  inauguration  of  the  railway  round  Paris  is  fixed  for  the  12th  inst.  The  statue  of  Marshal,  Ney  is  to  be  inaugurated  on  the  7th  inst.  Three  editors  werel  tried  by  the  tribunal  of  co:  rectional  police  on  Tuesday,  - STYLE=superscript  for  publishing  false  news,  but  the  evidence  not  bearing  out  the  offence  charged  the  defendants  were  acquitted.  The  cold  in  Paris  was  very  severe,  indicating  an  early  winter,  the  thermometer  falling  to  24  Fah-  The  three  per  cents.  closed  at  74f.  15c.,  and  the  four  and-a-half  per  cents.  at  99'80c.  PORTUGAL.—There  is  no  confirmation  of  the  in intelligence  telligence intelligence  of  a  Miguelite  insurrection  in  Portugal,  communicated  yesterday."
