text
"The  second  party  without  unity,  an  a  baee  of  zold  Which,  w  on,  and  hat  mitive  iethod  of  levying  taxes  FORBES  M'KENZIE'S  ACT  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES.  Sir,—Allow  me  to  ask,  through  the  medium  of  your  columns,  one  question  in  reference  to  the  case  of  extreme  hardship  from  the  Forbes  M'Kenzie  Act,  detailed  in  your  paper  to-day.  Is  it  a  real  fact  that  the  law  absolutely  forbids  a  pub publican  lican publican  to  admit  into  his  house,  or  to  give  liquor  to,  or  to  sell  other  refreshments  to,  a  person  in  the  state  described  ?  If  I  understand  the  law  aright  he  may  do  either  of  these  things,  and,  therefore,  I  wou  ld  say  the  fault  was  with  the  inhuman  publican  who  refused  to  admit  a  ship shipwrecked  wrecked shipwrecked  mariner  into  his  house  because  forsooth  he  could  not  sell  him  drink  !I  The  friends  of  the  law  should  know  that  the  publicans  have  pledged  themselves  to  get.  it  repealed,  That  it  has  diminished  drunken drunkenness  ness drunkenness  one-sixth,  and  pr9duced  a  quiet  Sabbath  is  nothing  to  them  ;  it  has  emptied  their  pockets,  and  that  is  all-in all-inall  all all-inall  to  a  man  who  calculates  upon  Sunday  debauchery  as  ;e•adesmen  do  upon  a  market  day.—'V  s:rkr  'lead,  Jan.  16,  1856_  other  t  ours,  &amp;c.,  JOHN  T.  NOHILIS,  THE  DONCASTER'  PAWNBROKING  CASE  ---..----  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES.  Sir,—l  am  surprised  that  you  pass  unnoticed  the  case  of  Mr.  Jackson,  the  pawnbroker  in  Doncaster.  It  is  dreadful  to  think  that  so  respectable  a  man  should  be  dragged  to  jail  at  a  moment's  notice,  merely  because  his  wife  could  not,  in  her  conscience,  lend  more  than  five  shillings  on  a  diamond  ring,  which  might  have  been  paste.  What  could  the  poor  do  without  pawnbrokers  ?  Do  cot  they  give  to  the  poor  what  to  them  is  :most  valuable  at  the  time  ?  They  are  the  poor  man's  banker,  and  if  they  do  charge  a  high  rate  of  interest  for  their  money,  the  legislature  is  to  blame.  They  certainly  do  no  more  than  bankers  are  doing  at  the  present  moment,  when  they  ask  and  receive  high  discounts  in  a  time  of  pressure.  Pawnbroking  was  introduced  before  Peel  abolished  the  usury  laws,  thereby  allowing  the  rich  man's  banker  to  ask  what  interest  he  pleased;  and  it  is  too  had  that  he  should  have  allowed  pawnbrokers  to  remain  under  a  usury  law  which  is  the  case  at  present.  They  can  demand  only  twenty-five  per  cent.,  whereas,  in  many  instances  where  the  poor  are  hard  pressed  for  money,  they  might  demand  an  extra  five  or  ten  per  cent.,  as  well  as  the  B  an  k  o  f  England.  Private  bill  discounters,  and  bankers,  have  no  restrictions  placed  on  them,  and  seeing  that  no  merchant  or  broker  can  obtain  money  without  pledging  his  stock  when  he  gives  his  bill,'!  do  not  see  why  pawnbroking,  which  was  meant.  to  help  the  poor  man  in  his  necessities,  should  be  held  up  to  public  odium.  Pawnbrokers  are  a  highly  respectable  and  wealthy  class  of  wen,  and  there  are  few  trades  in  which  a  man  may  loose  money  sooner  than  theirs,  if  great  care  is  not  taken.  For  instance,  Mr.  Jackson  has  been  exposed  to  public  ignominy  for  doing  that  which  any  other  pawnbroker  might  have  done  in  a  moment  of  inadvertence.  You  will  probably  say  that  it  is  the  system  which  is  defective.  This  every  pawnbroker  will  readily  concede,  but  until  some  other  plan  for  relieving  the  wants  of  the  poorer  classes  be  devised,  their  trade  must  be  protected  from  hasty  magisterial  decisions.  As  pawhbroiing  commenced  with  Esau's  pledging  bis  birthright  for  a  mess  of  pottage,  you  will  perhaps  allow  me  to  sign  myself,  with  all  respect,  JACOB.  REPRESENTATION  OF  TAmwonTrt.--On.  Monday  last  Viscount  Raynham  addressed  the  electors  of  Tamworth  and  solicited  their  suffrages.  The  noble  lord  was  well  received,  and  it  is  supposed  that  he  will  be  elected  without  opposition,  -J.  W.  Sharpe,  the  once  celebrated  comic  vocalist  died  at  the  Dover  Union  on  Th  urs  d  ay  l  ast.  Re  had  beenwander beenwandering  ing beenwandering  about  the  town  night  and  day  for  the  last  three  weeks,  in  a  poor  and  destitute  condition,  dissipation  having  pro produced  duced produced  in  him  a  most  emaciated  appearance.—South  Eastern  Gazette.  f  s STYLE=superscript  'ESTATE  Or  LOCIISHIEL.—This  fine  estate,  situate  on  the  banks  of  Lochshiel,  in  the  district  of  Moidart,  Inverness_  shire,  and  rich  in  historical  associations  with  the  '45,  has  been  sold  by  Mr.  Macdonald,  the  late  proprietor,  to  Mr.  Hope  Scott,  of  AbbotAford,  for  £21,500.  The  property  is  strictly  Highland  in  its  character  ;  has  valuable  fishing  in  the  river  Shiel,  with  grouse  and  other  game,  and  a  large  tract  of  country  susceptible  of  improvement.  BREAKING  INTO  A  NUNNERY.  --Three  young  men  were  charged  at  Leeds  Police  Court,  on  Monday,  with  breaking  into  the  nunnery  in  York  -road.  Evidence  baying  been  given  for  the  prosecution,  proving  the  entry  into  the  nunnery  by  the  defendants,  and  their  arrest  by  the  police,  one  of  the  prisoners  (Jennings)  made  the  following  statement  :—On  Saturday  night  I  and  my  two  friends  went  down  to  the  Queen,  on  the  Roundhay-road,  to  play  at  bagatelle,  and  had  About  twelve  o'clock  at  night  we  left,  , STYLE=superscript  ere  nearly  drunk.  We  went  straight  something  to  drinl  and  I  must  say  WE  from  there  d  ,  and  n  ..  .  vn  into  Kirkgate,  and  thought  we  should  have  wgl,  got  in.  one  We  of  commenced  friends  eneed  hing  further,  and  we  then  agreed  to  go  t  o  the  foundnunnery.  a  gotWe  e STYLE=superscript  ow  open,eikicking  up  a  row  in  the  place.  We  did  not  kn  ow  what  we  were  doing,  and  threw  several  things  not  on  l  y  about  the  place,  but  also  out  of  the  window.  W  e  h  ear  d  an  alarm  and  got  out  of  the  place.  We  made  littl  e  or  no  effort  to  get  away.  We  were,  however,  seized  a  nd  b  rought  up.  There  was  a  fourth  person  with  n  s  ,  w  h  o  i  s  not  in  custody.  Mr.  J.  M.  Barret,  for  th  e  d  e  f  ence  ,  sa  i  d  that  the  prisoners  deepl  wi  ov STYLE=superscript  ;n  thde STYLE=superscript  we  wall,  regretted  the  offence  of  which  they  were  guilty.  The  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  were  severely  reprimanded,  and  fined  £5  each,  1  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES.  Sir,—Blackwood'  s  M  agaz  i  ne  ,  f  or  J  anuary,  opens  with  an  Bill.  The  Ill  ustrated  Lon  d  on  N  ews  article,  entitled  th  e  G  o  ld  S  crew  ,  w  hi  c  h  g  i  ves  a  rapid  resume  of  the  inflictions  on  trade,  perpetrat  e  d  b  y  P  ee  l'  s  gives  a  page  nearly  every  week  to  th  e  quest  i  on  of  currency;  and  Tait's  Maga Magaene  ene Magaene  has  also  devoted  some  pages  to  the  same  subject.  The  Times.  the  Globe,  the  Sun,  and  'Morning  Post,  carry  on  an  intermittent  warfare.  But  we  have  no-where  seen  the  question  openly  mooted,  what  principle  is  to  be  recognised  as  our  future  monetary  basis?  Are  we  to  have,  in  short,  paper  convertible  into  gold  on  demand,  or  inconvertible  paper—that  is,  paper  ;which  does  not  promise  to  pay  gold  ?  There  are  three  Richmonds  in  the  First.  come  the  upholders  of  the  bill  of  1844,  with  Mercator  (of  the  Times),  at  their  head,  flanked  by  the  advocates  for  the  old  bill  of  1819,  who  maintain  that  the  note  should  be  convertible  into  gold,  and  that  the  fourteen  millions  of  additional  paper,  which  has  no  base,  is  the  very  sum  that  is  needed  (be  it  1856,  or  1847,  or  1844,)  to  make  the  bill  practicable  in  working.  The  small  section  of  opinion,  which  would  abolish  all  paper,  and  bring  us  down  in  very  truth  to  gold,  and  gold  only,  is  so  very  small,  that  it  need  not  be  raised  to  the  dignity  of  classifi classification.  cation. classification.  is  a  large  and  undisciplined  force,  without  fixity  of  idea,  who  would  have  a  superstructure  of  paper  '•  promises  to  pay,  I  need  not  say,  would  falsify  their  promises  in  an  exact  ratio  to'  their'  preponderance  over  their  base—to  their  excess  beyond  the  store  of  metal  which  is  to  fulfil  their  promise.  The  third  party,  who  are  not  numerous,  but  mho  do  not  totally  abnegate  logic,  and  who  recognise  Mr.  John  Taylor,  (author  of  the  Catechism  on  the  Currency,)  as  their  head,  advocate  inconvertible  paper  issued  by  government  alone  for  internal  circulate  and  of  course  only  available  the  colonies.  These  recog recognise  nise recognise  as  a  principle  .._  Axation  ought  to  be  added  to  price  principle.  denounced  by  their  opponents  as  a  mere  cloak  for  depreciation.  This  school  recognises  labour,  industry,  skill,  and  intelligence  as  the  source  of  all  wealth,  and,  therefore,  as  the  spring  and  fountain-head  all  money.  They  maintain  that  when  governments  -astitute  al  question—and  when  governments  b STYLE=superscript  in  a  fatal  moment  fixed  on  a  scarce,  and  sometimes  unattainable  metal,  thus  losing  sight  of  the  very  principle  of  symbolisa symbolisation,  tion, symbolisation,  they  aggravated  the  load  of  taxation.  This  aggrava aggravation  tion aggravation  will  appear  obvious  when  it  is  considered  that  the  man  who,  under  the  old  system,  might  easily  enough  give  up  one  ox  of  a  herd  consisting  of  a  thousand  head,  might  not  so  easily  be  able  to  command  silver  or  gold,  and  that  to  meet  the  demands  of  the  government  in  legal  he  might  be  under  the  necessity  of  giving  three  oxen  for  the  stipulated  weight  of  gold  or  silver.  As  io  the  form  of  note,  it  certainly  would  not  be  a  to  pay  for  that  would  be  to  deny  their  first  principle.  It  would  necessarily  take  the  form  of  the  Exchequer  Bill  ;  and  this  note  would  be  endowed  with  all  the  significance  of  tender  for  debts  and  th  . STYLE=superscript  by  the  mere  fact  of  its  being  recognised  by  government  as  an  acquittance  of  taxes.  This  is  only  restoring  to  government  its  old  prerogative  of  issuing  money.  As'to  the  fear  of  over-issue,  this  is  a  bugbear  which  may  soon  be  dispelled.  Let  parliament,  by  annual  vote,  decide  how  many  millions  are  to  be  issued  for  the  year,  and  how  many  are  to  be  cancelled.  Paper  money  does  not  make  wealth.  No  quantity  of  paper  money  issued  under  unsettled  governments  amongst  an  idle  population  could  make  wealth  ;  but  the  immense  accumulations,  and  the  well-organised  and  effective  indus industry,  try, industry,  aided  by  machinery,  of  England,  would  give  a  signi significance  ficance significance  and  value  to  any  instrument  of  exchange  her  rulers  might  fix  upon.  It  is  idle  to  quote  Buenos  Ayres  and  the  French  assignats.  Parliament  is  about  to  meet--right  or  wrong,_  the  bill  of  1e.14  must  come  on.  Th  e  present  high  price  of  money__  the  threatened  loans  —the  increasing  taxation—will  drive  our  merchants  and  manufacturers  from  their  attitude  of  ensouciance.  The  voice  of  Liverpool  will  be  listened  to  with  attention  if  she  has  anything  to  say  to  the  purpose.  Are  our  Members  prepared  ?  Are  they  up  in  the  controversy  ?  If  they  have  the  nerves  of  ordinary  men,  their  responsible  position  must  weigh  heavily  upon  them.  Mr.  Macaulay  in  his  study  may  eulogise  the  financiers  of  William  the  Third's  time,  and  hold  their  example  up  for  our  guidance  ;  but  Mr.  Horsfall  and  Mr.  Ewart  must  know  that  questions  of  finance  have  since  then  assumed  gigantic  proportions.  Our  national  debt  would  have  made  Mon Montague  tague Montague  and  Godolphin  stand  aghast.  In  their  days  the  United  States  had  no  existence.  California  and  Australia  were  terrce  incognita.  The  Indian  Empire  was  in  its  infancy.  Liverpool  was  a  fishing  hamlet.  Manchester  a  small  town  of  weavers.  There  were  no  canals,  no  rail railways,  ways, railways,  and  no  electric  telegraph  !  Since  then  we  have  had  Baonaparte  and  his  wars;—those  wars  necessitated  Pitt's  fianancial  measures.  The  keystone  to  those  financial  measures  was  inconvertible  paper.  Will  not  the  war  with  Russia  compel  us  to  leave  the  timid  counsels  of  our  fore forefathers,  fathers, forefathers,  and  drive  us  to  the  same  expedient  ?  Time  will  show.—l  am,  sir,  yours,  &amp;c.,  J.  H.  Liverpool,yan.  17,  1956.  j"
