text
"IMPORTANT  INTELLIGENCI  telegraphic  despatch,  dated  Paris,  Friday  night,  contains  highly  important  intelligence  on  the  Russo-Turkish  question.  The  despatch  says  that  the  French  Government  had,  for  the  present,  refused  to  accede  to  an  application  of  the  Porte  for  a  number  of  officers  to  be  attached  to  staff  of  the  army  of  the  Danube,  and  of  Asia.  With  reference  to  a  manifesto  said  to  have  been  received  in  Paris  from  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  the  despatch  says  For  the  last  three  days  a  rumour  has  been  in  circulation  that  another  manifesto  from  the  Emperor  of  Russia  had  appeared,  and.  in  fact,  had  been  received  in  Paris.  That.  rumour  was  met  with  a  positive  denial  that  any  such  docu document  ment document  was  in  existence  ;  and  as  it  was  said  to  be  in  reply  to  the  manifesto  of  the  Porte  it  was  still  less  credited,  as  there  was  not  sufficient  time  between  the  publication  of  the  note  of  Redscid  Pasha  and  the  one  in  question.  There  is  one  circumstance,  however,  which  would  lead  to  the  supposition  that  the  report  of  a  Russian  manifesto  is  not  entirely  without  foun foundation.  dation. foundation.  The  director  of  one  of  the  leading  PariA  was  this  day  requested  to  attend  at  tho  Cabinet  of  the  Chief  of  the  SuretO:General,  a  journals  department  which  since  the  abolition  of  the  Min  •  istry  of  Police,  belongs  to  that  of  the  Interior.  The  Chief  of  the  Surete-General  inquired  of  Vie  gentleman  I  allude  to  as  to  whether  he  had  received  the  Russian  manifesto  about  which  rumours  were  afloat.  The  reply  was  in  the  negatve.  He  was  then  asked  if  he  expected  it,  and  the  reply  was  that  he  was  expecting  that  as  he  would  any  other  paper  or  piece  of  intelligence  of  public  interest,  and  which  a  newspaper  plares  before  its  readers.  He  was  then  requested,  if  such  a  document  reached  him,  not  to  publish  it.  The  journalist  asked  whether  he  might  not  make  use  of  it  in  case  publicity  was  already  given  to  it  in  the  German,  Belgian,  or  Ea Eapapnrc,  papnrc, Eapapnrc,  T-To  117:1,  informorl  rmicf.  11,11  do  so,  because  the  document  was  described  as  containing  phrases  insulting  France  and  Thereupon,  I  believe,  the  conversation  ended.  The  phrase  with  which  fault  has  been  found  is  said  to  to  this  effect—that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  would.  consider  as  an  insult  (comme  acne  injure)  auy  suc succour,  cour, succour,  moral  or  material,  given  to  Turkey  by  either  France  or  England  ;  and,  further,  that  - STYLE=superscript  the  Em  peror  of  Russia  is  so  convinced  of  the  justice  of  his  cause  that  he  will  persevere  even  if  all  Europe  bo  against  him.  It  appears  that  the  directors  of  a  second  paper,  generally  believed  to  be  inspired  by  the  Russian  Embassy  in  Paris,  and  known  for  its  hostility  to  England,  has  received  a  similrr  :1-  Another  despatch,  also  dated  Paris,  Friday  even evening,  ing, evening,  gives  a  somewhat  different  version  of  the  cases  but  speaks  in  decided  terms  as  to  the  manifesto  having  been  received.  It  says  Russian  man manfesto  festo manfesto  has  arrived  in  Paris,  and  is  now  in  the  hands  of  the  French  Government,  but  the  authorities  have  forbidden  such  of  the  Paris  papers  Is  may  receive  it  from  publishing  the  doc  - STYLE=superscript  unient.  This  fact  is  considered  a  sufficient  ground  for  believing  that  the  manifesto  is  a  warlike  one,  and  extremely  hostile  to  France.  the  other  hand,  M.  de  Kisseleff,  the  Russian  Minister,  has  had  a  long  and  animated  conversa conversation  tion conversation  with  M.  Drouyn  de  Lhuys  on  the  general  state  of  affairs.  M.  de  Kisseleff  positively  declared  that  Russia;  Prussia,  and  Austria  perfectly  understood  each  other,  and  were  resolved  on  the  course  they  should  take  in  certain  circumstances;  and  113  added  that,  in  the  event  of  the  slightest  revolu revolutionary  tionary revolutionary  movement  in  Switzerland,  Italy,  or  Ger Germany,  many, Germany,  they  would  unite  to  put  it  down,  even  at  the  expense  of  a  general  rIIE  PENINSULAR  MAII  —The  Peninsular  anti  Oriental  Steam  Ship  Company's  steamer,  Sultan,  arrived  at  Southampton  yesterday  morning,  about  Nine  o'clock  Her  dates_are,  ,Gibralter,  Octobc  17th;  Lisbon,  19th  ;  and  Vigo,  She  brings  forty  passengers,  anti►•a  considerable  cargo  of  fruit.  The  schooner,  Warrior,  left  Lisbon  for  Liverpool  on  the  15th  instant.  The  Mary,  front  Liverpool  to  California,  had  put  into  Lisbon,  dis distressed.  tressed. distressed.  Exchanges  at  Gibralter  were  52*  oft  London,  for  bills  at  ninety  days'  date."
