text
"THE  MAYOR'S  SOIREE  LAST  NIGHT.  The  Mayor  gave  a  Soiree  at  the  Town  Hall  last  night,  on  the  occasion  of  his  retiring  from  office.  The  number  invited  was  about  800,  but  we  have  no  means  of  knowing  how  many  of  that  number  attended.  Very  naturally  supposing  that  our  rea readers  ders readers  and  the  public  generally  would  expect  us  to  give  a  detailed  account,'  of  the  proceedings,  we  waited  upon  his  worship  at  the  Town  Hall  yester yesterday  day yesterday  afternoon,  not  for  the  purpose  of  soliciting  any  personal  favour,  but  under  the  impression  that  we  should  at  once  have  been  supplied  with  the  usual  facilities  for  enabling  us  to  perform  what  we  simply  regarded  as  one  of  our  public  duties  as  journalists.  Much  to  our  surprise,  however,  we  found  an  indisposition  on  the  part  of  his  worship  to  comply  with  our  request.  We  were  informed  that  the  facilities  we  solicited  had  been  given  to  two  of  our  contemporaries,  viz.,  the  Courier  and  the  Mercury,  but  that  it  would  be  inconvenient  to  extend  similar  accommodation  to  the  press  generally,  in  consequence  of  the  great  number  of  his  worship's  guests.  We  suggested  the  dis disadvantageous  advantageous disadvantageous  position  in  which  we  should  be  placed  (our  publication  issuing  daily),  and  the  in invidiousness  vidiousness invidiousness  of  the  distinction  drawn  between  the  Courier  and  ourselves,  on  which  his  Worship  en endeavoured  deavoured endeavoured  to  excuse  what  he  must  now  have  felt  was  an  act  of  omission,  by  observing  that  he  was  not  aware,  until  the  previous  evening,  of  the  fact  of  our  existence  !  We  shall  only  remark  on  this  observa observation,  tion, observation,  that  it  is  a  somewhat  curious  coincidence  that  the  Chief  Magistrate  of  Liverpool  should  be  igno ignorant  rant ignorant  of  a  fact  patent  to  every  other  member  of  the  community.  We  can  only  repeat  that  we  did  not  ask  anything  at  the  hands  of  the  Mayor,  which  we  will,  for  one  moment,  allow  to  be  regarded  as  a  favor.  The  ad advantages.  vantages. advantages.  we  sought  were  solicited  on  public  grounds  only,  and  knowing  that  a  contemporary,  publishing  this  morning  along  with  ourselves,  had  been  supplied  with  materials  which  were  denied  to  us,  we  do  not  scruple  to  say  that  the  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  displays  a  species  of  favouritism  on  the  one  hand,  and  an  unfairness  and  want  of  courtesy  on  the  other,  which  is  scarcely  creditable  to  a  public  officerlike  the  Mayor  of  LiverpooL  With  these  observations,  which  in  justice  to  our ourselves,  selves, ourselves,  we  have  felt  it  our  duty  to  make,  we  subjoin  the  programme  of  the  intended  proceedings  of  the  evening,  which  we  presume  was  strictly  carried  out  :"
