text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  IMP9.RT4NT  PRESEXTATION.  OF  THE  GRASD  •  JURY  YESTERDAY.  Yesterday  afternoon,  about  half-past  one  o'clock,  the  Grand  Jury  entered  the  crown  court,  and  having  handed  in  the  last  bill  of  indictment  which  they  had  to  consider,  Wm.  BROWN,  Esq.,  M.P.,  foreman,  addressing  the  learned  judge,  said  :  M'  Lord,  we  have  now  no  more  business  before  us,  but  we  have  a  presentment  to  make,  which  you  will  perhaps  direct  Mr.  Shuttleworth,  clerk  of  the  crown,  to  read.  The  Clerk  of  the  Crown  then  read  the  following  :  PRESENTMENT  OF  THE  GRAND  JURY  AT  THE  LIVERPOOL  SPECIAL  COMMISSION,  1853.  The  Grand  Jury  are  unwilling  to  separate  without  recording  their  unanimous  opinion  that  the  interference  of  the  legislature  is  imperatively  called  for  to  put  a  stop  to  the  present  system  of  money  payments  by  burial  societies.  From  the  cases  brought  before  them  at  the  present  assizes,  as  well  as  from  past  experience,  the  Grand  Jury  have  no  doubt  that  the  system  operates  as  a  direct  incentive  to  murder,  and  that  many  of  their  fellow-beings  are  year  after  year  hurried  into  eternity  by  those  most  closely  united  to  them  by  the  ties  of  nature  and  of  blood,  if  not  of  affection,  for  the  sake  of  the  few  pounds,  to  which,  by  the  rules  of  the  societies,  as  at  present  constituted,  the  survivors  are  entitled,  The  con continuance  tinuance continuance  of  such  a  state  of  things  is  too  fearful  to  contem contemplate,  plate, contemplate,  and  as  a  simple  remedy  suggests  itself,  without  impairing  the  usefulness  of  sick  and  benefit  societies,  the  scope  and  object  of  which  are  admitted  to  be  both  humane  and  beneficial,  the  Grand  Jury  would  respectfully  but  ear earnestly  nestly earnestly  request  that  the  attention  of  the  proper  authorities  may  be  at  once  directed  to.this  painful  subject.  The  misdirection  of  these  funds,  the  alarming  increase  in  crimes  of  violence,  accompaniod  by  the  barbarous  use  of  the  knife,  the  lamentable  prevalence  of  strikes  among  the  working-classes,  arising  from  the  ill-understood  relations  of  work-people  and  their  employers,  and  leading  inevitably  to  breaches  of  the  peace,  and  other  calamitous  results,  have  forcibly  impressed  upon  the  minds  of  the  Grand  Jury  the  great  importance  of  extending  the  means  of  imparting  education  to  all  classes  of  the  community,  for  it  is  their  unanimous  opinion  that  no  solid  foundation  for  any  abiding  and  salutary  change  in  the  habits  and  pursuits  of  the  poorer  classes  in  this  country  can  be  hoped  for  unless  such  change  is  based  upon  the  education  and  training  of  the  young  ;  that  the  charge  of  education  for  this  class  ought  not  to  be  allowed  to  rest  to  so  large  an  extent  as  it  now  does,  upon  the  benevo,  lent  exertions  of  the  wise  and  good;  that  there  is  a  duty,  and  a  pecuniary  responsibility  as  regards  education,  which  should  rightfully  devolve  upon  the  state,  and  that  this  responsibility  is  one  which  the  legislature  ought  no  longer  to  shun.  WM.  BROWN,  His  LORDSHIP  then  addressed  the  Grand  Jury  as  fol follows  lows follows  Gentlemen,  I  third[  you  have  conferred  a  very  great  service,  indeed,  upon  society  by  the  course  you  have  pursued  in  submitting  this  document.  I  will  take  care  that  it  is  laid  before  the  home  secretary.  You  are  now  discharged  from  your  duties,  and  the  country  is  much  indebted  to  you  for  your  services.  The  grand  jury  then  retired.  SCOTTISH  WIDOWS'  FUND  AND  LIFE  ASSURANCE  SOCIETY.  MEETING  IN  MANCHESTER.—YEsTEnDAy.  At  the  suggestion  of  the  local  board  of  management  in  Manchester,  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  society  resi resident  dent resident  in  Manchester  and  neighbourhood,  was  held  in  the  Mayor's  parlour,  Town-hall,  King-street.  A  deputation  from  the  head  office  in  Edinburgh,  were  present,  including  the  Hon.  Bouverie  Primrose,  Mr.  Caddell,  Mr.  Mackenzie,  general  manager,  &amp;C.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  WILLIAM  ENTWISTLE,  Esq.  Mr.  MACKENZIE,  the  general  manager  of  the  society,  read  a  long  document  giving  voluminous  details  of  the  rise  and  progress  of  the  society,  and  or  its  financial  position,  which  gave  much  satisfaction  to  the  meeting.  Mr.  BOOTHMAN,  secretary  to  the  local  board,  read  a  re report  port report  of  the  affaim  of  the  local  agency,  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  amount  of  assurances  effected  at  this  agency  it  the  largest  but  one  (London)  at  any  branch  office  of  the  society.  The  total  number  of  policies  issued  at  the  Manchester  branch  at  the  close  of  the  year  1862,  (and  during  a  period  of  16  years)  was  657,  covering  assurances  to  the  amount  of  £872,352  151.  6d.  The  persons  who  had  assured  at  this  office  were  merchants,  brokers,  lawyers,  clergymen,  and  merchant's  clerks.  Only  sixteen  shopkeepers  and  one  operative  had.  effected  assurances  at  the  branch.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  very  fact  of  the  .  appearance  of  a  large  number  of  gentlemen  of  so  high  and  respectable  a  sta station  tion station  in  life,  and  the  facts  detailed  in  the  reports  which  had  been  read,  showed  that  it  s‘as  quite  unnecessary  for  him  to  address  to  the  meeting  any  remarks  upon  the  advantages  generally  of  life  assurance,  He  would  simply  observe  that  if  there  was  any  one  locality  more  than  another  in  this  country,  where  the  advantages  of  life  assurance  could  be  extended  to  the  utmost,  it  was  in  a  district  like  that  in  which  they  were  assembled,  where  we  saw  successful  indus industry  try industry  rally  developed,  and  whore  there  was  every  facility  ror  extensive  co-operation  amongst  the  members  of  the  society.  Nowhere  could  they  look  for  more  success  than  in  a  district  like  this,  in  connection  with  a  society  that  extended  its  operations  so  largely  over  the  country.  With  regard  to  the  origin,  progress,  and  general  position  and  prospects  of  the  society,  he  begged  to  otter  his  congratulations  to  the  mem members,  bers, members,  in  th  details  which  had  been  read.  The  state statements  ments statements  made  in  the  documents  which  had  been  read  offered  to  them  the  strongest  prooflof  the  security,  of  their  investments,  and  offered  inducements  to  others  to  join  them  as  speedily  as  possible,  in  securing  to  themselves  and  families  the  advantages  held  ont  by  this  society.  There  were  advantages  which  attached  to  this  society  beyond  almost  any  other,  and  he  could  hardly  except  any  one  in  the  kingdom.  The  two  considerations  that  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  present  themselves  to  those  who  were  desirous  of  securing  their  lives  were,  first,  at  what  cost  insurance  could  be  effected,  and  secondly,  whether  there  was  any  adequate  guarantee  for  the  fulfilment  of  the  contract  entered  into  by  the  society,  whenever  it  might  be  called  upon  to  fulfil  its  post.  After  noticing  the  certainty  with  which  actuaries  could  now,  from  experience,  reckon  upon  the  probabitty  of  the  duration  of  lives,  he  claimed  for  this  society  a  recom recommendation  mendation recommendation  on  the  ground  of  cheapness  of  cost,  and  of  securit  of  investment.  He  then  proceeded  to  show  .the  advantages  of  mutual  over  proprietory  assurance  societies.  He  contended  that  from  the  principal  of  mutual  assurance  societies,  several  important  consequences  followed  :  they  possessed,  in  his  mind,  a  clear  superiority  over  every  proprietory  office  by  the  principal  which  regulated  the  distribution  of  their  profits.  He  said  this,  without  fear  of  contradiction,  that  the  princi principle  ple principle  of  mutual  assurance  offices  was  not  only  sound  in  itself,  but  offered  an  iucontestible  superiority  over  proprietory  offices.  But  he  would  observe  in  passing,  that  in  the  early  stages  of  assurance,  science  proprietory  offices  were  requisite  in  order  to  obtain  that  experience  upon  which  subsequent  calculations  were  founded,  and  thus  obtain  that  security  which  was  requisite  to  give  confidence  to  the  assured.  He  then  referred  to  the  question  of  security—the  most  im imimportant  important imimportant  question,  perhaps,  of  all.  He  proceeded  to  show  that  the  calculations  of  this  society  were  beyond  impeach impeachment,  ment, impeachment,  and  that  its  accumulated  fund  was  equal  to  any  claims  that  might  be  made  upon  it.  The  society  was  in  a  most  flourishing  condition,  and  for  the  success  it  h  a  d  at attained  tained attained  they  were  much  indebted  to  their  friends  across  tLe  Tweed.  (Applause).  Alderman  WATKINS,  Mr.  E.  LLOYD,  Mr.  It.  WORTH WORTHINGTON,  INGTON, WORTHINGTON,  and  other  gentlemen  addressed  the  shareholders,  after  which  the  report  and  resolutions  having  been  adopted,  the  meeting  separated.  THE  E.  Z.—Captain  Hartshorn  has  published  an  accoun  of  the  casualty  to  his  ship,  which.  howpv.”,  dvoo  uuc  (us.  rinra  any  uovr  facto.  A  GENERAL  HOLIDAY  AT  CIIRISTNIAB.—Upon  this  subject  the  Lord  Mayor  of  London,  on  taking  his  seat  at  the  Mansirm-house  police-court,  on  Wednesday,  made  the  fol following  lowing following  statement  :  —The  Lord  Mayor  said,  I  wish  to  state,  in  order  that  public  notice'  may  .  be  taken  of  the  fact,  that  I.  have  received  several  communications  relative  to  making  Monday,  the  26th  - STYLE=superscript  instant,  a  general  holiday,  on  the  ground  of  Christmas-day  falling  upon  a  Sunday.  I  believe  that  the  day  will  be  generally  observed  as  a  holiday  by  commercial  firms  in  the  city,  and  by  other  persons  engaged  in  trade  ;  but  I  fear  the  Bank  of  _England  and  the  other  monetary  establishments  of  the  city  may  find  it  impossible  to  cease  entirely  from  business  operations.  I,  therefore,  as  chief  magistrate,  feel  a  difficulty  in  interfering  further  in  the  matter,  beyond  the  expression  of  my  opinion  that  the  Mon Monday  day Monday  will  generally  be  observed  as  a  holiday  in  the  city,  and  from  information  which  I  have  received  from  the  pr.ncipal  provincial  towns,  I  feel  persuaded  that  the  day  will  be  kept  from  general  business  throughout  the  country.  CONTANTINOPLE  AND  THE  Tuxes.  —The  Rev.  H.  Christ Christmas  mas Christmas  in  a  lecture  on  Turkey  and  its  people,  says  The  city  being  built  upon  hills,  the  streets  were  steep  and  un uneven.  even. uneven.  None  of  the  streets  were  drained,  and  were  it  not  for  about  80,000  dogs,  who  act  as  scavengers,  they  would  in  a  short  time  become  in  a  filthy  condition.  These  dogs  were  all  of  them  wild,  and  each  district  of  the  city  had  its  own.  The  houses  were  made  of  wood,  and  have  no  windows  in  front,  so  that  they  presented  a  very  .  strange  appearance.  The  principal  beauties  of  the  city  were  its  bazaars  and  mos mosques,  ques, mosques,  both  of  which  were  numerous  and  magnificent.  Every  bazaar  had  niches  in  the  sides  of  the  wall,  in  which  sat  bearded  and  turbaned  Turks,  smoking  their  pipes,  and  cooly  awaiting  for  purchasers  of  their  wares.  Every  bazaar  sold  a  particular  article,  and  that  when  any  one  went  to  buy  he  must  be  prepared  to  be  asked  for  the  article  he  was  in  want  of  ten  times  as  much  as  it  was  worth,  but  in  other  respects  the  Turk  was  perfectly  honest;  indeed  he  would  rather  have  his  hand  cut  off  than  tell  a  lie.  The  mosques,  some  of  which  152  feet  high,  were  magnificent,  which  was  all  he  could  say  of  them  ;  it  was  out  of  his  power  to  describe  their  beauties.  The  Turks  were  exceedingly  ignorant,  but  had  a  great  respect  for  all  Christians.  He  knew  of  no  race  so  re religious  ligious religious  as  the  Turks,  and  they  were  not  like  some  nations,  afraid  of  being  ridiculed.  The  rev.  lecturer,  after  giving  various  anecdotes  illustrative  of  Turkish  hospitality,  des described  cribed described  the  dress  and  arms  of  their  military,  and  said  it  was  a  great  error  to  suppose  they  were  weak  in  their  army  ;  in  •  deed  it  was  his  opinion  that  when  they  came  face  to  face  with  the  red-haired  unbelievers;  as  they  called  the  Ras Ras:  : Ras:  sians,  that  the  army  of  Nicholas,  great  as  it  was,  would  sink  beneath  that  of  the  TILE  LATE  £dTAL  ACCIDENT  15  ,k  , STYLE=superscript  `IH  JOHN-  STREET.  THE  INQUEST.  •  The  inquest  on  the,  bodies  of  the  three  unfortunate  persons  killed  on  Monday  last,  by  the  falling  of  a  wall,  was  resumed  yesterday  before  the  deputy-coroner,  at  the  offices  Lord-street.  The  names  of  the  persons  thus  killed,  were  Mr.  Richard  Hind,  and  John  and  Thomas  Evers.  At  the  previous  investigation  evidence  was  adduced  of  an  introductory  character.  On  this  occasion,  the  owners'  of  the  premises  were  repre represented  sented represented  by  Sir  George  Stephen,  instructed  by  Mr.  North,  solicitor;  Mr.  Snowball  for  the  friends  of  Mr.  Hind;  the  tenants  of  the  premises,  Messrs.  Hemming  and  Reynolds,  were  represented  by  Mr.  Owen.  •  Yesterday  the  inquiry  was  resumed  by  taking  the  evidence  of  the  two  lads  employed  in  the  yard  to  paint  the  metal  plates,  and  who  stated  they  were  directed  by  the  overlooker  of  the  yard  (Morgan)  to  place  them  against  the  wall,  and  at  the  time  the  wall  fell  there  were  nine  or  ten  lots,  from  20  to  30  or  40  in  eac'a  lot  against  the  wall.  The  next  witness  examined  was  William  Morgan,  in  the  employ  of  the  tenants;  as  foreman  of  the  yard  in  South  John-street,  who  said  the  goods  which  generally  went  in  and  came  out  of  the  yard  were  corrogated  iron  in  sheets.  The  length  of  the  sheets  were  eight  feet,  seven  feet,  and  five  feet  three  inches;  but  there  was  one  lot  ten  feet  in  length  which  were  obtained  for  the  purpose  of  setting  up  the  'shop  at  pre present  sent present  in  the  yard..  The  eastern  boundary  of  the  yard  (South  John-street)  is  a  blank  wall  extending  60  feet  from  north  to  south,  and  is  about  9  feet  8  . STYLE=superscript  hicheS  in  height  from'the  street.  The  level  is  not  the  same  inside  the  yard  as  in  the  street.  The  ground  inside  the  yard  is  about  four  feet  higher  at  the  no:th  end  than  at  the  south  end.—There  were  boys  employed  to  paint  the  sheets  'of  iron.  They  had  been  emeloyed  since  I  had  been  in  the  yard,  about  three  months.  The  boys  were  only  employed  occasionally  to  paint  the  sheets  of  iron,  The  two  witnesses  were  so  employed.  The  Coroner:  Did  you  give  them  any  directions'?  You  are  not  bound  to  give  any  answer  that  my  criminate  yourself.  The  Witness  :  I  do  not  know  what  may.  criminate  me.  I  hope  the  jury  will  not  blame  me.  Coroner  :  You  must  form  your  own  opinion  as  to  what  may  criminate  yourself.  I  again  ask  you  if  you  gave  those  hove  any  directions.  Witness  :  I  must  decline  to  answer  that  question.  Witness  :  I  weighed  the  plates  in  the  yard;  the  one  of  eight  feet  weighed  22  lbs.  '  •  the  one  of  six  feet,  18  lbs,  one  of  five  feet  three  inches,  12  lbs.  I  wag  in  the  yard  on  Mon Monday  day Monday  last.  Coroner  :  Were  there  many  plates  in  the  yard  on  that  day  NVitness  :  I  wish  to  decline  to  answer  that  question.  Coroner  :  There  is  no  reason  why  you  should  do  so.  Witness  :  There  were  a  good  many  in  the  yard  ou  that  day—some  packed  and  some  unpacked.  The  plates  were  deposited  all  over  the  yard.  Coroner  :  In  what  part  of  the  yard  ?  Witness  :  I  decline  to  answer  that  question.  I  wish  to  decline  to  give  any  farther  evidence.  By  a  Juror  :  I  can't  say  from  whom  I  receive  the  orders  for  iron  that  goes  out  or  comes  into  the  yard.  The  orders  came  from  the  other  side  of  the  water.  [The  witness,  after  being  repeatedly  questioned  on  this  point,  said  he  consi considered  dered considered  that  the  iron,  and  what  went  into  the  yard,  were  there  by  the  orders  of  Mr.  Hemming.]  By  Sir  George  Stephen  :  Tue  orders  were  sent  from  Mr.  Hemming's  office.  lam  quite  ignorant  of  building  and  building  materials.  Mr.  C.  Reynolds  said  :  I  am  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Hem Hemruing,  ruing, Hemruing,  as  money  collector,  and  conduct  the  business  when  he  is  absent.  Ido  shot  know  anything  about  the  tenancy  of.  the  yard,  but  I  have  understood  there  is  an  agreement.  I  have  frequently  been  in  the  yard,  but  I  never  gave  directions  respecting  the  work  done  there.  I  was  there  on  Monday,  when  there  were  a  great  number  of  the  iron  plates  there  ;  they  were  on  the  ground,  both  on  the  right  and  left  hand  side  as  you  entered  from  Atherton-street.  I  had  never  par particularly  ticularly particularly  noticed  the  wall  before  the  accident.  By  a  Juror  :  I  did  not,  when  I  was  at  the  yard  on  Mon Monday,  day, Monday,  observe  any  plates  against  the  wall  by  South  John Johnstreet.  street. Johnstreet.  I  never  went  past  the  house  in  the  yard.  Mr.  H.  P.  Horner,  who  had  prepared  a  plan  of  the  premises,  was  next  examined.  He  said  :  I  am  an  architect  and  surveyor.  I  have,  as  requested,  examined  the  premises,  and  'also  the  wall  which  fell.  The  length  of  that  wall  was  (I  measured  it  inside)  67  feet;  I  measured  it  with  a  rule,  which  I  believe  is  not  so  correct  as  a  tape,  therefore  there  may  be  some  little  difference.  The  wall  was  9  feet  high  at  the  north  end,  and  7  feet  high  at  the  south  end.  It  was  a  nine  inch  wall,  with  several  projecting  but buttresses,  tresses, buttresses,  about  41  inches  in  breadth.  I  consider  the  wall  a  well-built  wall.  It  was  an  average  wall  for  such  a  purpose— purposea  a purposea  fence  wall.  I  examined  dome  of  the  mortar,  acid  fouitd  it  had  considerable  cohesive  power,  and,was  well  fitted  in  , STYLE=superscript  be between  tween between  the  bricks.  I  estimated'  the  weight  of  the  wall,  and  its  power  of  resisting  pressure  in  different  positions,  and  I  also  made  a  calculation  to  ascertain  the  approximate  pres pressure  sure pressure  of  the  earth  against  it,  and  I  consider  the  whole  wall,  after  deducting  the  space  for  the  doorway,  19  tons,  14  cwts.,  3  ors.,  and  the  weight  of  the  wall  above  the  level  of  the  yard.  13  tuns,  6  cwt.,  and  the  power  of  the  whole  to  resist  pres pressure,  sure, pressure,  at  the  level  of  the  joist,  one  foot  above  the  footway,  to  be  7  tons,  7  cwt.,  3  qrs.  The  cohesive  power  of  the  mortar,  I  have  taken  for  the  purpose  of  calculation,  is  60  lbs.  to  the  square  foot  of  surface,  for  the  one  joint  of  the  whole  length  of  the  wall  2  tons.  I  consider  the  power  of  the  wall  to  resist,  independently  of  the  cohesive  power  of  the  mortar,  and  the  additional  strength  given  by  the  under  walls,  to  at  the  highest  point,  12  cwt.,  3  qrs.,  and  the  power  of  the  mortar  5  cwt.,  making  altogether  a  power  to  resist  pressure  from  within,  at  the-highest  point,  of  17  cwt.,  3  qrs.  I  have  calculated  the  pressure  which  would  be  exerted  against  the  wall  by  iron  plates,  being  placed  against  it  in  the  manner  which  has  been  described,  and  as  far  as  I  have  been  enabled  to  gather  from  the  witnesses  who  have  preceded  me,  I  find  only-about  1  ton,  15  cwt.  of  iron,  thus  described,  was  against  the  wall.  Supposing  the  plates  were  so  piled  as  to  be  in  contact  with  each  other,  and  the  first  plate  was  a  foot  from  the  wall  at  the  bottom,  the  wall  would  resist  a  force  of  4  cwt.  3  qrs.  at  the  top,  and  it  would  require  a  weight  of  5  tons  6  cwt.  2  qrs.  of  iron,  piled  in  a  like  man manner,  ner, manner,  to  exert  a  pressure  at  the  top  of  the  wall  against  the  17  cwt.  3  qrs.  My  estimate  of  the  power  of  the  wall  to  resist  pressure  is  on  the  supposition  that  the  wall  was  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  sound.  I  beive  left  out  of  this  calculation  the  support  afforded  by  the  under  walls,  because  I  consider  that,  suppos supposing  ing supposing  the  whole  wall  equally  pressed  throughout,  the  centre  of  the  wall  would  give'  way  first,  and  the  fracture  extending  along  the  base  would  follow  the  joint  at  either  end  in  a  line,  without  indicating  the  average  strength,  as  appears  to  me  to  be  the  case  in  the  wall  as  it  has  fallen.  The  Coroner  ;  Are  you  of  opinion,  after  having  examined  the  wall,  that  'there  was  every  reason  to  suppose  it  would  have  borne  a  greater  weight  than  appears  to  have  been  placed  against  it  ?  Witness  :  Certainly,  if  it  was  perfectly  sound.  It  would  have  borne  a  much  greater  weight  by  several  hundred  weights  than  was  placed  against  it  at  the  time  of  the  acci accident.  dent. accident.  I  beg  to  say  these  calculations  could  only  be  consi considered  dered considered  as  approximating,  and  were  made  on  the  suppositiOn  of  uniformity  in  the  truck  work,  and  in  the  fitting.  -  By  a  juror  :  I  cannot  say  how  long  the  wall  has  been  built.  Ido  not  know  whether  the  door-way  mentioned  was  made  after  the  wall  was  built  or  not  ;  if  not,  it  most  cer certainly  tainly certainly  would  have  a  tendency  to  weaken  the  wall,  particu particularly  larly particularly  if  it  was  not  carefully  done.  I  examined  the  mortar,  and  I  did  not  think  the  lime  was  well  mixed  with  the  sand,  ,  but  it  had  considerable  adhesive  power.  Ido  not  think  the  temperature  at  this  season  of  the  year  would  have  any  effect  upon  the  walls.  The  wet  weather  may  have  had  some  effect  in  softening  the  wall  at  the  bottom.  By  Sir  George  Stephen  :  I  have  not  come  to  any  direct  conclusion  as  to  what  was  the  cause  of  the  wen  r...nhLi  e  .  might  have  been  from  some  shock,  or  there  might  have  been  some  defect  where  it  was  out  of  my  power  to  examine  it.  There  is  a  large  sizn  board  on  props,  which  props  touched  the  wall  —these  props  may  have  injured  the  wall,  as  the  wind  would  have  caused  them  to  shake.  Ido  not  know  when  the  sign  board  was  placed  there.  Mr.  Reynolds  stated  that  it  was  there  long  before  Mr.  Hemming  took  the  premises.  S.  Helme,  Esq.,  stated  :  I  was  sent  for  to  examine  the  wall  subsequent  to  the  accident,  and  I  have  done  so.  I  find  the  length  of  the  wall  to  be  61  feet  6  inches  from  the  outside  ;  the  height,  9  feet  6  inches  at  the  south  end,  and  9  feet  at  the  north  end.  I  also  find  that  the  wall  had  been  built  9  inches  thick,  with  piers  of  1  foot  6  inches  on  the  face,  and  half  a  brick  thicker  than  the  main  body  of  the  wall  itself.  I  believe  there  were  five  of  those  piers.  The  earth  in  the  yard  was  4  feet  5  inches  above  the  foot-walk  at  the  north  end,  and  2  feet  3  inches  at  the  south  end,  and  the  surface surfaceground  ground surfaceground  an  irregular  curved  line.  From  the  appearance  of  the  brick-work  at  the  base,  I  think  the  wall  was  set  upon  the  old  foundation,  but  there  is  no  appearance  of  the  ex existence  istence existence  of  any  fracture  near  the  base  oft  he  wall.  There  had  been  a  door-way  in  the  wall,  at  a  distance  of  12  feet  from  the  corner  of  Atherton-street,  the  square  ends  of  which  are  visi visible;  ble; visible;  and  I  infer  that  the  door  had  been  placed  there  when  the  wall  was  built,  because  on  each  side  of  it  were  two  piers,  which  I  think  would  not  have  been  placed  there,  had  it  been  otherwise.  Upon  examining  the  materials  with  which  the  ground  had  been  filled  up,  I  found  that  it  principally  con consisted  sisted consisted  of  brick-bats  and  cork,  and  rubbish,  which  would  have  the  effect  of  a  perforator,  and  would  have  drained  the  water  from  the  surface.  The  mortar  is  of  an  average  quality,  such  as  is  used  in  building  dwelling-houses.  In  trying  more  of  the  bricks,  which  on  removal  I  found  they  possessed  consi considerable.  derable. considerable.  cohesive  power,  and  I  have  no  doubt  that  the  wall  was  amply  sufficient  for  the  purpose  of  a  fence.  If  the  earth  had  pushed  down  the  wall,  it  would  have  gone  down  with  it  to  an  angle  of  30  or  40  degrees,  but  such  was  not  the  case;  and  I  have  no  doubt  the  wall  was  thrown  down  by  an  internal  lateral  pressure,  which  such  a  wall  was  not  calculated  to  resist.  Had  the  wall  been  thrown  down  by  the  pressure  of  earth  it  must  have  occurred  when  the  earth  was  just  placed  there,  and  during  its  subsidency,  as  it  would  not  have  acted  in  that.  manner  after  it  became  consolidated.  It  is  difficult  to  speak  with  mathematical  precision,  of  the  exact  lateral  pressure  that  would  throw  down  a  wall  9  feet  high,  and  of  the  thickness  of  this  wall;  but  judging  from  . STYLE=superscript  the  experience  of  very  many  years  as  a  builder,  I  think  that  a  similar  wall  might  be  thrown  down  by  a  lateral  pressure  of  from  10  to  15  cwt.  Whether  I  am  correct  or  not  in  my  views  may  be  learned  from  those  who  cleared  away  the  rubbish.  Had  the  wall  bulged  out  at  the  foot,  the  proba probability  bility probability  is,  that  it  would  have  fallen  inwards  on  the  iron,  but  !  V  i  if  those  who  cleared  away  the  rubbish  found  the  bricks  on  the  foot-path,  the  iron  on  the  top  'of  the'  bricks,  it'would  certainly  lead  me  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  conclusion  that  it  went  over  froth'  the  top,  and  that  the  iron,,  deprived  of  the  support  of  the  wall,  would  fall.  on  the  top  of  it.  .  •  •  By  Sir  George  Stephen  ;  I  did  not  see,  (1.)  I  think  there  was  any  defect  in  .  the  wall,  I  disagree  with.  the  •  opinion.  given  by.  Mr.  Homer  ;  for  I  am  of-  opinion  that  bricks  when  used  in  a  wet  state  in  wet  wheather,  usually  grow  harder,  and  I  cannot  conceive  that  one  course,  set  in  frosty  weather  could  be  injurious  to  the  brickwork.  The  work  in  the,  mall  was  all  firm.  I  am  asked  to  give  an  opinion  on  an  hypothesis,  for  I  cannot  tell  what  - STYLE=superscript  force  it  would  take  to  knock  such  a  wall  down,  as  it  would  involve  a  calculation  which  I  have  not  yet  made  ;  but  I  should  say,  that  ten  men  placed  in  a  line  and  pushing,  would  send  it  over.  A  pressure,  I  should  say,  of  ten.  cwt.  on  the  top,  would  decidedly  put  it  down.  The  wall  might  have  been  affected  by  damp,  or  supposing  .  there  had  been  a  vertical  or  longitudinal  fractl4e,  but  to  me  there  did  not  appear  to  be  either,  Had  there  been  a  defect  in  the  wall,  such  as  Mr.  Horner  had  mentioned,  it  would  have  caught  the  eye  of  every  person,  even  if  he  was  ignorant  - STYLE=superscript  of  building.  'I  am  sure  it  could  have  caught  my  eye  as  I  am  frequently  passing  the  wall.  Judging  *from  - STYLE=superscript  the  Appear Appearance  ance Appearance  of  the  wall  there  did  not  appear  to  be  any  defect  exist existing.  ing. existing.  There  is  a  very  heavy  traffic  in  South  John-street  ;  but  such  traffic  would  not  have  the  least  effeeVupon  the  wall  if  it  was  properly  built.  There  was  not,  I  think,  any  coping'  to  the  wall.  Sonic  persons  objected  to  coping  on  the  wall,  but  that  had  no  more  to  do  with  the  wall  than.  the  hat  on  Le  head.  A  juror  said  hehad  seen  the.door  put  into:the  - STYLE=superscript  wall  after  Le  wall  was  built.  By  Mr.  'North  lam  decidedly  of  opinion,  that  unless  some  person  had  most  imprudently  placed  a  great  weight  against  'the  wall;  it  would  not  have  fallen.  7• STYLE=superscript  •  '  Mr.  Wm.  11.  Gee  said,  I  am  an  architect  I  'superin 'superintended  tended 'superintended  the  building  of  the  wall.  The  materials  were  good,  and  were  quite  sufficient  for  a  fence  walL  I  agree  with  the  observations  made  by:Mr;  aiolme:  I  have  frequently  seen  )  the  wall,  but  never  observed  any  defect  in  it.  I  have  heard  the  evidence  giVen,  and  I  am  of  opinion  it  was  the,  pressure  from  within  that  caused  the  wall  to  fall.  I  should  be  sorry,  from  experience,  to  place  such  a  weight  against  a  9-inch,  wall  as  mentioned  by  Mr.  Holme.  Mr.  Jones,  warehouse-keeper  and  rent-collector,  said  there  had  been  no  alteration  in  the  premises  since  the  present  tenants  had  taken  them,  nor  had  he  ever  noticed  the  iron  against  the  wall  being  too  much  :  if  he  had,  he  should  have  dirr,ted  it  to  be  removed.  There  being  no  further  evidence,  the  coroner,  after  briefly  pointing  out  the  most  important  parts  of  the  evidence,  said,  the  question  the  jury  would  have  to  decide,  would  be,  whether  there  had  been  any  gross  neglect  in  any  person  having  the  management  of  the  yard,  or  whether,  it  was  purely  an  accidental  circumstance.  The  jury  after  consulting  together  for  five  minutes,  re reentered  entered reentered  the  court.  _  The  Coroner  :  Have  you  considered  your  'verdict  ?  Foreman  :  Yes  ;  we  find  that  the  persons  met  with  their  death  by  the  accidental  falling  of  a  wall  in  South  John-street.  Mr.  Hemming  was  unable  to  attend  the  court,  being  from  home  attending  upon  Mrs.  Hemming.  whoisdangerously  We  understand  that  all  the  expenses  of  the  funeral  of  the  children  have  been  paid  by  Mr.  Reynolds,  who  deeply  regrets  this  unfortunate  calamity."
