text
"BIRKENHEAD  COMMISSIONERS  An  adjourned  meeting  of  the  Birkenhead  Commissioners  was  held  last  evening  in  the  Commissioners'  Offices,  Hamil Hamilton  ton Hamilton  Square,  Birkenhead.  Mr.  J.  H.  GREEN  occupied  the  chair.  The  members  present  were  Messrs.  Watson,  Storey,  Rae,  Hughes,  Whittingham,  Heuderson,  Furniss,  Graham,  Willoughby,  Bailiff.  A  discussion  followed  on  the  subject  of  a  portion  of  the  proceedings  of  the  finance  Committee,  which  the  Chairman  was  under  the  impression  had  not  passed.  All  the  other  members  present  were  of  opinion  that  those  proceedings  had  been  passed.  The  board  then  proceeded  to  consider  the  subjects  referred  to  in  the  minutes  of  the  finance  Committee  from  which  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  that,in  consequence  of  a  letter  fromMr.Townsend,  spe special  cial special  meetings  had  been  held,  at  which  plans  by  Messrs.  Cole  and  Hornblower  had  been  laid  before  the  meetings  for  the  erection  of  a  new  public  building  at  the  south  end  of  Hamil Hamilton-square  ton-square Hamilton-square  ;  and  it  was  resolved  to  recommend  to  the  Board,  if  the  company  provided  suitable  rooms  for  the  Commission Commissioners,  ers, Commissioners,  with  police-offices  and  bridewell,  to  take  the  premises  for  a  term  of  14  years,  at  a  yearly  rental  of  £3OO,  on  the  condition  that  at  the  end  of  that  term  the  Board  would  have  power  to  purchase  the  whole._  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  first  business  was  the  proposi proposition  tion proposition  about  the  Town  Hall.  They  saw  what  the  Commit Committee  tee Committee  recommended;  was  there  any  objection  to  it  ?  He  wish wished  ed wished  it  to  be  understood,  this  was  not  a  positive  offer  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Mr.  Townsend.  Mr.  HENDERSON  :  But  it  becomes  a  positive  offer  on  our  part.  -  -  _  _  Mr.  HUGHES  asked  how  long  was  this  to  stand  good  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  As  long  as  you  think  fit  to  say  ;  three  weeks  or  three  months.  Mr.  HUGHES  :  You  had  better  fix  some  time.  Mr.  HENDERSON  :  Does  our  offer  include  the  providing  of  a  police  office?  Mr.  BAILIFF  :  Assuredly  it  does.  Mr.  RAE  said  the  land  was  let  out  to  be  used  as  a  Bride-  Mr;  HUGHES  :  The  Town  Clerk  will  tell  us  whether  it  so  or  not.  Mr.  WALN  could  not  say  without  referring  to  the  lease,  what  were  the  precise  restrictions  on  the  land.  Mr.  STOREY  asked  could  they  take  a  lease  as  Commission Commissioners  ers Commissioners  of  such  premises  for  14  years  ?  Mr  WALN  said  as  a  body  of  Commissioners,  he  had  very  great  fears.  whether  they  could,  but  it  was  more  for  the  party  who  was  to  lease.  If  they  could  devise  a  form  of  lease  that  would  be  satisfactory  to  themselves,  without  involving  any  personal  liability  on  the  part  of  the  Committee,  it  might  be  done.  It  certainly  did  not  appear  to  him  to  be  within  the  scope  of  the  act  which  would  make  a  lease  valid,  signed  according  to  the  form  which  by  act  of  Parliament  to  make  a  contract  binding  that  was  entered  into  for  the  purposes  of  the  act.  Any  contract  entered  into  for  the  purposes  of  the  act  of  Parliament,  signed  by  three  Commissioners,  would  bind  the  Commissioners.  It  appeared  to  him  (Mr.  Waln)  that  a  lease  on  this  building,  signed  by  three  Commissioners,  would  not  bind  the  Commissioners.  Would  it  bind  the  three  Commissioners  Mr.  HUGH  personally  ?  Mr.  WALN  :  It  would  bind  the  three  parties  to  say  what  they  were  satisfied  with  Mr.  RAE  said  if  this  was  the  case,  there  was  an  end  to  the  whole  matter.  It  was  for  the  The  CHAMIAN  said  that  was  a  pity,-as  they  wanted  a  Town  Hall  and  new  offices.  They  were  now  paying  £1.70  interest  on  bonds,  or  should  pay  it.  Mr.  HODGSON  :  Should  pay  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  hoped  the  time  would  come  when  they  should  be  able  to  pay  it.  Several  members  were  of  opinion  that  no  bridewell  could  be  attached  to  the  Town  Hall.  Mr.  WATSON  said  if  the  land  was  bought  for  the  purpose  of  a  Town  Hall,  the  commissioners  had  not  the  power  to  lay  out  the  money.  - STYLE=superscript  MR.  HUGHES  :We  have  no  money  to  lay  out.  (Hear.)  Mr.  RAE  said  as  this  land  could  be  applied  to  no  other  purpose  than  that  of  building  a  Town  Hall,  it  appeared  to  him  until  such  time  as  the  Commissioners  were  in  a  position  to  build  a  Town  Hall  themselves  they  should  lose  the  interest  on  the  purchase  money  (X  3,300)  in  the  meantime,  whereas  if  they  entered  into  an  agreement  with  this  company  to  build  a  Town  Hall,  they  got  the  interest  on  the  whole  of  the  land  sold,  which  would  amount  to  £l7O,  at  five  per  cent.,  and  this  sum  taken  from  £3OO,  the  rent,  reduced  the  actual  money  payment.  to  £l3O  per  annum.  He  should  be  sorry  if  this  matter  were  to  go  off,  as  a  public  hall  in  the  town  was  so  much  required.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  that  this  need  not  prevent  them  confirming  the  proceedings.  IMr.  IluonEs  said  if  the  company  lent  to  the  C  o  m  m  i  ss  i  oners  they  could  lease  the  portion  of  the  premises  they  did  not  require,  to  them.  After  . STYLE=superscript  a  very  desultory  discussion  on  the  subject,  the  proceedings  were  confirmed,  with  an  addition  passed  in  the  form  of  an  amendment,  that  the  offer  to  be  in  force  only  for  a  period  of  six  months.  THE  FINANCES  OF  THE  TOWNSHIP  The  CHAIRMAN  then  directed  attention  to  the  resolution  which  he  had  brought  under  consideration  of  the  Finance  Committee  by  himself,  namely  :-1.  That  it  is  expedient  that  all  the  present  acts  of  parliament  relating  to  the  com commission  mission commission  of  Birkenhead  should  be  con  so  lid  a  t  e  d  into  one  act.  2.  That  it  is  desirable  in  the  said  act  to  introduce  provisions  by  which  the  present  bonded  debt  :and  interest  may  be  capitalised,  and  arrangements  made  with  the  bondholders  to  pay  them  interest  on  such  capitalised  debt  at  the  rate  of  3  per  cent.  3.  That  it  is  expedient,  in  order  to  give  secu  rity  for  the  positive  payment  of  such  interest,  that  the  pur  chase  money  of  the  ferry  be  paid  and  the  property  fall fallvested  vested fallvested  in  the  Commissioners.  4.  That  steps  should  be  taken  for  the  immediate  sale  of  all  landed  property  belong belongto  to belongto  the  Commissioners,  except  such  portion  as  may  be  required  for  their  own  use,  such  as  the  market,  &amp;c.  6.  That  in  case  the  receipts  of  the  ferry,  township  rates,  &amp;c.,  are  not  suf sufficient  ficient sufficient  to  pay  the  interest  of  32  per  cent.  the  Commissioners  shall  seek  powers  to  make  up  the  deficiency  by  means  of  a  guarantee  rate,  not  exceeding  is  in  the  pound,  on  the  real  property  of  the  township,  or  otherwise,  as  may  be  deter deterpined,  pined, deterpined,  such  guarantee  rate  or  other  arrangement  to  continue  seven  years.—Also  to  the  amendment  of  Mr.  Watson  to  the  effect  that  no  rate  be  laid  upon  the  property  of  the  township,  which  was  carried;  and  moved  that  both  be  referred  back  to  the  Finance  Committee  with  a  recommendation  to  the  Com Committee  mittee Committee  to  appoint  a  Sub-Committee  to  take  the  subject  into  consideration.  They  would  remember  they  were  going  on  in  a  way  that  could  not  be  justified.  They  were  adding  a  large  sum  to  their  debt,  and  they  ought  to  take  some  steps  to  meet  it.  He  thought  if  the  Sub-Committee  took  this  subject  into  consideration  they  would  be  able  to  devise  some  plan  on  which  those  guarantees  could  be  given.  He  thought  so  far  as  the  bondholders  were  concerned  it  could  be  carried  into  effect.  He  had  spoken  to  several  of  them,  and  they  would  rather  have  31  per  cent.  guaranteed  to  them  than  the  present  uncertain  rate.  Mr.  FURNISS  begged  to  move  that  Mr.  Green's  motion  and  Mr.  Watson's  amendment  be  referred  back  to  the  Fi Finance  nance Finance  Committee  with  a  recommendation  to  that  body  to  appoint  a  Sub-Committee  to  enquire  into  the  general  finances  of  the  township.  Mr.  Wirraniairim  seconded  the  motion.  Mr.  WATsorr  objected  to  any  scheme  being  adopted  which  went  on  the  principle  of  taxing  the  property  of  the  town township,  ship, township,  and  he  begged  to  move  that  no  scheme  be  considered  which  would  involve  this,  and,  with'  that  view,  he  called  on  the  Board  to  confirm  his  amendment.  Mr.  HUGHES  supported  Mr.  Watson's  amendment,  and  was  at  a  loss  to  know  why  the  Chairman  should  again  bring  this  forward,  when  in  the  Finance  Committee,  where  twelve  persons  were  present,  only  two  voted  for  the  motion.  The  CHAIRMAN  1  1 STYLE=superscript  _1  yaght  it  would  be  improper  to  tie  the  hands  of  the,  Boar;l  in  that  way.  The  state  of  their  finances  was  perfectly  well  known.  They  had  added  something  like  £60,000  to  their  arrears  of  debt,  and  they  were  now  paying  £6,000,  and  let  them  go  on  for  a  few  years,  and  what  was  the  position  in  which  they  would  b  e  placed  ?  He  asked  them  to  pledge  themselves  to  nothing,  but  to  begin  de  novo.  Mr.  Sioßi  was  given  to  understand  that  the  Prospects  of  Birkenhead  were  very  favourable.  They  would  be  able  to  pay  5  per  cent,  on  the  amount  for  which  they  were  bound,  without  levying  an  additional  tax.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  rates  could  never  be  reduced  until  their  debt  was  entirely  removed.  If  this  arrangement  were  made,  they  would  soon  be  in  a  position  to  reduce  their  Improvement,  Light,  and  Watch  Rates.  Mr.  WATSON  remarked  that  the  Bondholders  had  no  claim  beyond  the  land  which  was  mortgaged  to  them.  After  a  very  lengthy  discussion,  Mr.  Watson's  amendment  was  confirmed  by  a  majority  of  six  to  four,  and  Mr.  Fur Furniss's  niss's Furniss's  motion  negatived.  Mr.  WILLOIMIIBY  was  about  to  propose  that  the  Finance  Committee  be  directed  to  consider  the  subject  de  novo,  when  the  CHAIRMAN  intimated  that  it  would  require  a  notice  to  that  effect.  FERRY  COMMITTEE.  In  the  proceedings  of  this  committee,  it  was  recommended  that  the  New  Ferry-boat  be  insured  for  £3OOO  in  the  Lan Lancashire  cashire Lancashire  Insurance  Office,  and  that  all  boats  be  registered  in  the  name  of  Mr.  Price  ;  also  that  the  models  for  a  new  ferry ferryboat  boat ferryboat  be  advertised  for,  a  prize  of  £lOO  to  be  given  for  the  best  model  for  ferry  purposes.  The  manager  reported  that  great  inconvenience  had  resulted  during  the  late  gale  from  several  boats,  and  the  Athens  Steamer  having  drifted  against  the.  North  slip  of  the  ferry.  One  of  the  collectors  at  the  ferry  was  dismissed  for  drunkenness,  and  his  cash  did  not  tally  with  the  numbers  recorded.  Receipts  at  the  ferry  :  for  the  month  ending  September  30th,  1852,  £1,760  ss.  10d.  for  month  ending  September  30th,  1853,  £2,083  10s.  4d.  from  25th  April  to  30th  September,  1552;  £10,652  3s.  Bd.  from  25th  April  to  30th  September,  1853,  £12,179  12s.  Od.  total  expenditure  within  the  same  period,  £lO,lBl  16s.  9d.  MR.  WILLOUGHBY  objected  to  payment  of  £lOO  as  a  prize  for  a  model  of  a  ferry-boat.  If  they  advertised  for  tenders  to  build  a  steamer,  they  would  have  models  without  number.  MR.  RAY  in  moving  the  confirmation  of  the  proceedings,  strongly-urged  that  the  payment  of  this  £lOO  would  be  a  great  saving,  as  it  would  place  them  in  possession  of  all  the  improvements  of  science  and  art  in:connection  ,with  steam steamboat  boat steamboat  building.  Mn.  BAILIFF  denounced  this  proposed  expenditure  as  un unwarrantable  warrantable unwarrantable  and  unnecessary,  and  he  proposed  that  no  such  sum  be  offered  or  paid.  MR.  WILLOUGHBY  said  the  jackall  tender  was  much  better  adapted  for  a  ferry-boat  than  the  new  boat  they  had,  and  she  cost  £l,OOO  less.  After  some  conversation  the  amendment  was  negatived,  and  the  proceedings  confirmed.  The  business  then  concluded,"
