text
"'  gave  almost  a  vocal  The  general  !lent,  and  a  large  audience  FRIGHTFUL  MURDER.  ASSASSINATION  OF  A  LONDON  SOLICITOR.  Appalling  as  have  been  the  murders  which  have  occurred  during  the  last  few  months,  we  have  another  frightful  instance  to  add  to  the  fearful  category.  Yester Yesterday  day Yesterday  morning,  at  about  half-past  ten  o'clock,  the  residents  -row,  Holborn,  and  its  vicinity,  were  thrown  of  the  most  painful  alarm,  occasioned  by  the  ....  Lira  Mr.  George  Waugh,  sen.,  solicitor,  of  No.  5,  Great  James-street,  Bedford-row,  had  been  murdered  by  a  client  of  his  whilst  entering  his  office  for  business-  Upon  inquiry,  this  turned  out  to  be  too  true.  For  some  time  past  Mr.  Waugh  has  been  concerned  for  a  man  named  Westron,  in  the  matter  of  some  Some  unpleasantness  has  lately  arisen,  and  this  morning,  about  half-past  ten  o'clock,  Westron  met  Mr.  Waugh  a  few  :  doors  from  his  own  house,  and  presenting  a  pistol  at  his  breast,  shot  him  dead  on  the  spot,  the  ball  entering  the  body  near  the  heart,  As  soon  as  the  report  was  heard,  the  deceased  was  seen  to  stagger  and  fall.  Mr.  Abrahams,  of  51,  in  the  same  row,  saw  the  occurrence,  and  rushed  out  of  his  office  in  company  with  several  other  persons,  when  the  murderer  was  immediately  secured,  He  had  another  pistol  in  his  breast-pocket,  which  was  also  capped  and  loaded,  and  on  full  cock.  Hutchinson,  the  street-keeper,  was  very  close  to  the  prisoner  when  the  shot  was  fired,  and  immediately  seized  him.  The  deceased,  Mr.  Waugh,  was  conveyed  into  his  chambers,  and  medical  assistance  sent  for  with  all  haste.  Several  surgeons  soon  arrived,  but  the  poor  gentleman  had  expired.  The  assassin  is  a  low-sized  man,  about  five  feet  three  or  four  inches  high,  humpbacked,  and  otherwise  deformed.  He  was  dressed  in  a  dark  brown  coat,  and  appears  to  be  a  person  in  easy  circumstances.  He  did  not  seem,  after  firing  the  shot,  to  make  the  least  attempt  to  get  away.  Upon  arriving  at  the  station  he  was  put  in  the  dock,  and  Acting  Inspector  Hayes  asked  him  his  name.  He  answered,  Charles  Broadfoot  his  age  25,  and  that  he  resided  at  23,  Newland-street,  Kensington.  The  charge  of  murdering  Mr.  Waugh  by  shooting  with  a  pistol  was  then  entered  against  him.  After  some  minutes  silence  he  began  to  cry  bitterly.  He  stated  that  Mr.  Waugh  had  married  his  aunt,  and  had  an  estate  of  Some  thirty  acres  of  freehold  land  belonging  to  him,  whi  c  h  h  e  would  neither  sel,l  nor  permit  him  (prisoner)  to  sell,  and  that  was  what  caused  him  to  make  up  his  mind  to  do  what  he  had  done.  -Upon  searching  him  the  following  articles  were  found  .—A  larg  e  new  spring  -back  knife,  like  those  used  in  boar-hunting  ;  the  half  of  a  £5  note,  and  the  half  of  a  £lO,  besides  a  silver  watch,  and  purse  containing  a  sovereign,  a  half  sovereign,  and  some  silver,  and  four  keys.  On  learning  that  Mr.  Waugh  was  dead  he  cried  a  little.  but  seemed  to  think  that  he  had  received  justifiable  pro provocation  vocation provocation  for  the  commission  of  such  an  enormity.  It  appears  that  on  account  of  former  differences  between  him  and  deceased,  he  was  bound  over  to  keep  the  peace  ;  and  it  was  stated  to  the  reporter  that  the  recognisances  are  still  in  force.  Mr.  Waugh  was  represented  as  having  been  a  most  kind  and  indulgent  relative.  in  Bedford  The  prisoner  was  brought  up  at  . STYLE=superscript  two  o'clock  at  the  Olerkenwell  police-court,  and  was  placed  at  the  bar  before  Mr.  Tyrwhitt,  charged  with  the  wilful  murder  of  Mr.  George  Waugh,  a  solicitor,  residing  at  No.  5,  J  ames  _  street,  Bedford•row.  After  the  examination  of  witnesses  detailing  the  circumstan  6 STYLE=superscript  es  above  described,  the  prisoner  who,  during  :the  whole  proceedings,  conducted  himself  with  the  most  perfect  composure,  was  fully  committed  for  trial.  THE  GOVERNMENT  PROVISION  CONTRACTS.—We  under.  stand  some  Govern  went  officials  from  Plymouth  have  been  nolding  an  inquiry  at  Ilaulhowline  for  the  last  few  dap',  their  object.  being  to  ascertain  the  capabilities  for  the  storage  and  the  fitness  of  the  parties  in  charge,  to  inspect  the  provi provisions  sions provisions  sent  in  under  the  new  contracts.  A  large  quantity  of  beef,  sent  in  on  Saturday,  by  one  of  our  local  contractors,  was  inspected  by  a  London  inspector,  and  passed  satisfactorily.  This,  we  believe,  is  the  first  of  the  new  contracts  that  has  been  passed  this  season.—Cork  Reporter.  ags,  Wai  I.  SALE  BY  g  Dock.—App  FOR  SAL  adapted  for.  4  , STYLE=superscript  ME  )R  SAI  '0  R  SAL  ing  at  Brist  ,yaa.  ]  a  well  ada  en  i  ISEY  LINE  0  adtri  16  fi  ock.—Ap]  I  et  •  .;aitglE;i6ei  .ty  on  the  5  Succeeding  Pact  Loading  This  sh  /ton,  or  advantages  (  offers  the  onl:  in  the  time  r  stack  are  perfect,  the  12th,  and  that  January.  The  sple  , STYLE=superscript  mpany,  FOR  N  Shipley  BY  AUCTION,  on  Thvirsday,  roe  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  saleri  AUCTIO  o',:lock,  at  t  at  Cowes  et  4.loths;  —Apply  to  on  Thursday,  tat  Annan,  UMtY  Co.,  Broke  c  for  the  Sale  )oner  FORTITUDE,  84  beautifu  and  was  almost  •go,  and  is  wel  Dimensions—length  I-12ths;  depth  g  feet  o  CURRY  &amp;  CO.,  Brig  LUCIEN  ;  th  100  feet,  breadth  was  built  at  Quebec,  in  the  fall  as  spared  ii  OLDERNESS  1,  now  breadth  30  2}  ,  763  tons  x.al  A  Scotia  ;01,  or  HOLD  PACKETS  nd  warrante  FOR  -SYDNEY,  rst  ship,  or  n-built  Packet-ship  RIA,  a  ade  some  of  this  port,  and  re  e,egantiy  Loading  LINE  ndrew  Fi  tong,  January  21  Delano  West  Point,  Mu.  January  17"
