text
",Zrottattll.  STEAM  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL  AND  GLASGOW.  The  Glasgow  and  Liverpool  Royal  Steam  i-)y  ••  packet  Company'  s  ri  w  erful  Steam-ship  Lc  , STYLE=superscript  PRINCES  ROYAL,  •  Captain  J.  M'CuLuity  ;  is  intended  t  o  sail  as  under:—  Unless  prevented  by  some  unforeseen  occurrence,  From  CLARENCE  DOCK,  LIVERPOOL.  PRINCESS  ..  Thursday  Jan  31,  at  3i  o'clock,  Afternoon  PRINCESS  ...,.Tuesday  Feb  5,  at  10  o'clock,  Mor  ring  PRINCESS  Feb  9,  at  1  o'clock,  Afternoon  PRINCESS  ....  Thursda  Feb  14,  at  4  o'clock,  Afternoon  PRINCESS  ....Tuesday  ,  Feb  19,  at  9  o'clock,  Evening  PRINCESS  ....Saturday  . STYLE=superscript  ,  Feb  23,  at  12  o'clock,  Noon  PRINCESS  ..Thur  day  Feb  28,  at  3  o'clock,  Afternoon  N.B.—Goods  for  shipment  must  be  alengslde  the  vessel  one  hour  before  appointed  timei  ncluding  sa,ling.  Fares  :—Cabin,  .g  Ste  ward's  Fee,  155.;  Steerage,  6s.  Servantq  -u  Cab.'n  '  Full  Fare.  ROBERT  LAMONT,  17,  Water-street,  Liver  STEAM  COMMUNICATION'  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL  AND  GLASGOW.  Unless  preventedby  anyunforeseenoccur.rence,thunder-notedor  other  Steamers  are  intended  to  sail,  (  with  or  without  Pilots)  between  Liverpool  and  Glasgow,  with  GG'odsand  Passeagemas  under:  LYNX  ..  ..•Cap  t  MART,  Is  ert,'  b STYLE=superscript  -  ZER  RA  (eharteredto  Govern,  ment)  Captain  BsTra  ,  I  '.k  PANTHER  PANTHER  (now  building)  ....Captain  MAD:  ,  '  14  su  FROM  LIVER  POOL.  Z,  ..-.  ,  -  A  •  .  i STYLE=superscript  '.  -.1  - STYLE=superscript  JANUARY.  LYNX..  ....This  day  29,  tri  3  Afternoon  LYNX__  LYNX  LYNX,  LYNX  LYNX.  LYNX,  2,  at  6  E  ven  i  ng  .  .  .......  ThursdayS  a  ~,,.,S  aturday  ird  a  y  ..  .7.  at  11  Morning  Tuesday  Saturday  l6,  at  6i  Evening  Thursday  ........21,  at  9  Evening  „  ..„  Tuesday  ..  .  MARCEL  1,  at  4  Afternoon  HENRY  GREEN  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Friday  next,  the  Ist  February,  at  Eleven  o'clock,  on  the  Premises,  No  24,  Waterloo-roadALiverpool,  The  whole  of  the  STOCK-IN-TRADE  of  a  CHEMIST  and  DRUGGIST,  tvho'is  dec'ining,  the  retail  bush  ess,  conwrising  a  w.ll  and  carefully-selected  stock  of  fresh  dru's  and  chemicals,  perfum perfumery,  ery, perfumery,  lozenge,  pickles,  fan  , STYLE=superscript  y  articles,  cigars,  disinfecting  fl  lids,  black  lead,  cop3l  and  other  varnishes,  white  lead,  paints,  and  coiours;  about  fifty  mahogany  and  other  medicine  hests,  mahogany  upright  and  cou:lter  glass  cases,  three  rests  ahozany  drawers,  eight-day  bracket  clock,  mailonnv  console  ta:  le  with  iiiarble  top,  labelled  stoppered,  and  other  bottles,  show  gl,.bes,  ointment  jars  and  extract  pots,  rix-galioa  mac  ja  , STYLE=superscript  s,  about  a  grcss  apothe apothecaries'  caries' apothecaries'  scales,  India-ri.bbcr  sheet  ant  water  cushions,  surgical  instruments,  enema  syringes,  elastic  and  silver.olated  cathetar,  trusses,  scales  and  weights,  quantity  of  cased  jars,  &amp;c.  Also,  the  genteel  HOUSF.HOLD  FURNI  EURE,  mahogany  crown-back  chairs,  dining  tables,  mahogany  glazed  bookcase,  Kidderminster  carpets,  chimney  glass,  drab  damask  curtains  to  two  windows,  iron  half-tester  and  French  bedsteads,  feather  beds  and  'ed  on  the  Morning  c  Premises,  and  of  th  Auctioneer  ;  nd  Catal  agues  had  on  the  amilton-street,  Birkenhead  1/It.  HODGKINS  will  SELL  b  y  AUCT  ION,  To-morrow,  the  30th  instant,  at  One  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon  rooms,  South  John-street,  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  in  the  following  or  , STYLE=superscript  uch  other  l,ts  as  ,hail  e  agreed  upon  at  the  time  of  sale,  and  subject  to  such  conditions  as  shail  be  then  and  there  produced  Lot  1.  All  that  piece  of  LXND,  situate  on  the  no•th  side  of  Sea Seacombe-street,  combe-street, Seacombe-street,  in  Everton,  containing  in  tront  thereto,  including  one-half  of  the  width  of  a  common  plssag2  of  4  f-et  wide  on  the  east  side  thereof,  93  feet  11  inches  or  thereabouts,  and  running  in  a  northerly  direction  along  Great  Homer-sticet  58  feet  4  inches  or  thereabouts,  then  running  eastwardly  83  feet  or  the  , STYLE=superscript  eabouts,  and  running  on  the  east  side  .  long  the  said  passage  57  feet  10i  inches  or  thereabouts,  and  containing  in  the  abole  567  superficial  equa  , STYLE=superscript  e  yards  or  thereabouts;  together  with  the  HOUSE  and  SEOP  i  front  of  Great  Homer  -street•  and  the  House  and  Shop  and  Bakery  at  the  corner  of  Great  Homer-street  and  Seacombe-street,  and  the  four  Houses  in  front  of  Seacombe-street,  now  in  the  respective  occupations  of  Mr.  Kaye,  Mr.  Horrocks,  Mr.  CulsLaw,  Mr.  Bud Buddle,  dle, Buddle,  Mr.  Darby,  and  Mr.  Jones,  and  producing  an  aggregate  rental  of  .ell  3.  2.  Ail  that  Piece  of  LAND,  situate  on  the  routh  side  of  Ever Everton  ton Everton  Valley,  containing  in  front  thereto  and  at  the  back  severally  39  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  in  depth  on  the  east  and  west  sides  severally  to  James-street  96  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  containing  in  the  whose  384  square  yards  or  thereabouts;  together  with  the  Two  DWELLING-HOUSES  thereon  erected,  now  in  the  respective  occupat  ons  of  Mrs.  Samuel  and  Mr.  Surr,  and  producing  an  aggregate  rental  of  .£5l.  V STYLE=superscript  The  Tenure  of  both  lots  is  Freehold  of  Inher  Rance.  For  further  particulars  ppply  to  Messrs.  Evans  &amp;  Son,  solicitors  Commerce-court,  Lord.street,  Liverpool.  troastimist.  RHYL,  DENBIGH,  HOLYWELL,  AND  ALL  -  PARTS  OF  NORTH  WALES.  .w,er-  , STYLE=superscript  N  . STYLE=superscript  \  The  quickest  and  cheapest  rou  t  e  i  s  b  y  *44  ' STYLE=superscript  4  THE  SATELLITE.  TO  MOSTYN.  itnelar....ak  Ntewn  ,s.-  ~  SAILING  FROM  LIVERPOOL.  Tuesday....,  Thursday  Apply  to  Mr.  John  Watkins,  8,  Strand-street  ;  or  to  DANIEL  JAMES,  22,  Union-street.  STEAM  DIRECT  TO  AND  FROM  LONDON.  The  Screw  Steamer  )  1 STYLE=superscript  ':  \I  I  ,  ATHLETE,  44.-A  t  ti:  will  sail  from  the  Clarence  Dock,  Liverpool.  on  Wednesday,  the  30th  I  ns  t  an  t,  and  from  Griffin's  Wharf,  London,  on  Wednesday,  the  6th  February,  (unless  detained  by  any  unavo  dable  occurrence).—For  freight,  &amp;c.,  apply  to  WALLts  and  LA  THAUGUE,  13,  Change-alley,  London  CRAM  POWELL  &amp;  CO  ,  35,  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  STEAM  COMMUNICATION  BETWEEN  4,4aIVX.  LIVERPOOL,  MILFORD,  SW  A  NS  EA,  lIAYLE,  (CORNWALL,)  AND  BRISTOL  FOR  THE  MONTH  OF  JAN.,  18i36.  The  Steam  Shipa  TROUBADOUR..  W.J.  Beckett  I  AUGUSTE  LOUISF  J.Lee.  or  some  other  Vessel,  Is  intended  to  sail  with  Goodsand  Passen Passengors  gors Passengors  (unless  prevented  by  any  unforeseen  occurrence),  as  follows  (with  or  without  pilots,and  liberty  to  tow  vessels):—  FROM  LIVERPOOL  TO  SW.N3EA  (directwith  Cargo  only).  Tuesday  29th  Jan,  at  2  o'clock,  Afternoon  FROM  BRISTOL  TO  SWANSEA,  MILFORD  Sr  LIVERPOOL,  Tuesday  9th  Jan,  at  gi  o'clock,  Morning  POOL  (Callingatltlilford  on  days  marked  thus  *).  FROM  SWANSEA  TO  LTV  Wednesday  ..:30th  Jan,  at  9  o'clock,  Mo,  n  i  ny  *  NOTICE-11.eturn  tickets,availabltqortwo  ioyagesln  t  hiss  team teamera,  era, teamera,  may  be  had  from  the  undermentioned  Agents,  or  the  captain.  Liverpool  to  Milford,  20s.  Swansea  or  Brigzol,  17s.  Vllforci  to  Bristol,  I3s.  Goods  intended  for  the  above  Steamers,  from  Liverpool,  must  he  at  the  Trafalgar  Dock  Two  Hours  beforethe  advertised  hours  of  sailing.  All  Goods  for  Milford  are  landed  at  the  risk  of  shippers  ,and  consignees,  as  regards  Hulk,  Lighters,  end  Boats.  AGENTS—George  H.  Evans,  Liverpool  Steam-Wharf,  Brlstol  John  Edwards,Swansea;  C.  1-1.  N.  Hill,  Harvey  &amp;  Ca.  Hay  le  ;  John  Kenworthy  &amp;  Co.,  Blanchester,  or  to  FITZSIN  BEE,  Sc  CO.,  'yet.  Liverpool  TE  TLE  Y'S  EA  ST  INDIA  PALE  ALE.__  The  attention  of  Hotel  Keepers,  and  of  the  Trade  generally  in  Liverpool,  is  respectfully  invited  to  TETLEY'S  E  AST  INDIA  PALS:  ALE,  which  has  established  a  first-rate  reputation  in  the  Metropolis,  and  will  be  found  to  compare  advamageously  both  in  quality  and  pric•  with  the  finest  brands,  without  exception,  to  be  found  in  the  market.  11.ference  is  requested  to  the  following  Extracts  from  Professor  Muspratt's  Work  on  Chemistry,  noticed  in  the  Glasgow  Herald,  ligust  28th,  1854  :  Chemistry,  Theoretical,  Practical,  and  Analytical,  as  applied  to  the  Arts  and  Manufactures.  By  Pr.  Afitspratt,  P.  it.S.E  ,  Parts  6to  9  inclu.iye.  Glasgow:  William  Mackenzie.  The  following  extract  upon  u  popular  subject  may  be  interesting  to  our  rear!ers  or  East  India  Ale  is  nothing  more  than  beer  made  from  wott,  extracted  from  the  palest  malt  and  boiled  with  the  palest  and  best  hops.  Every  attention  is  given  to  the  selection  of  these  materials,  in  order  to  ensure  the  pale  colour  peculiar  to  this  ale.  only  localities  where  this  excellent  beverage  i  3  produced  in  large  quantities  art  Burton,  London,  Glasgow,  and  Leeds.  In  the  latter  place  a  very  large  quantity  of  Pale  Ale  has  for  some  years  been  brewed  by  Messrs.  Tetley  and  Son.  peculiar  excellence  of  the  ales  of  the  Messrs.  Tetley,  like  those  of  Burton—both  of  the  lat  er  of  which  were  analysed  by  the  editor.  as  also  the  waters  used  in  their  preparation—is  their  remarkable  keeping  quality,  and  their  retention  of  that  deli delicate  cate delicate  flavour  o'  the  hops,  so  often  lost  by  the  pale  ale  brewer,  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  his  utmost  efforts  to  secure  it.  This,  of  course,  arises  from  the  near  approach  made  in  their  pr  actice  to  the  theory,  that  a  low  fermenting  heat  can  alone  preserve  the  beer  from  the  simul simultaneous  taneous simultaneous  formation  of  the  acetic  acid  with  the  a'cohol,  and  their  recognition  of  the  fact  that  72°  FAT..  is  the  highest  degree  of  heat  that  can  be  depended  upon.  Brewing,  it  is  well  known,  has  been  long  carried  on  in  Bavaria  on  these  principles;  hut  hitherto  there  has  existed  an  insuperable  objection  to  their  adoption  by  the  more  extensive  firms  of  this  country,  on  account  of  the  great  length  of  time  required  for  perfect  attenuation.  This  difficu'ty,  however,  weu  d  appear  to  be  at  length  overcome,  the  fermentations  being  now  finished  in  as  short  a  time  as  by  the  old  mod,:  the  hop  flavour  s  also  preserved,  and  indeed  it  may  be  safely  as  , STYLE=superscript  erted  that  its  deli delicate  cate delicate  aroma  is  ❑ever  more  surely  destroyed  than  by  high  and  tur.  bulent  fermentation.  This  new  process  of  brewing  pale  ale  has  also  the  advantage  of  affording  greater  purity  of  fragrance,  it  being  well  known  that  the  dissolution  of  balm  by  alcohol,  the  result  of  which  may  often  be  detected  by  the  yeasty  flavour  of  the  ale,  is  much  accelerated  by  high  temperatures.  Good  water,  as  previously  stated,  is  indispen indispensable  sable indispensable  in  a  brewery,  for  sound  ale  cannot  be  brewed  with  water  not  adapted  for  the  purpose.  The  water  at  the  brewery  of  Messrs.  Tetley  is  similar  in  constitution  to  the  Burton  water,  as  will  be  seen  on  reference  t,  the  analysis  of  it,  by  the  editor,  at  page  The  fact  of  these  Ales  successfully  competing  with  the  very  finest  brands  may  be  substantiated  by  reference  to  the  number  of  first-class  houses  in  London,  to  which  it  is  supplied.  A  list  of  them  will  be  furnished,  on  application  to  the  Liverpool  agent,  of  whom  a  list  can  also  be  procured  of  the  leading  houses  in  the  provinces,  where  Tetley's  Pale  Ale  may  he  obtained,  either  in  bottle  or  in  draught.  The  Brewery,  Leeds.  LIST  OF  STORES.  LONDON  169,  Upper  Thames-street.  DUBLIN  ,  •  ..60,  Middle  Abbey-street.  YORK  Swinegate.  MANCHESTER  26,  Black  friars.  BIRMINGHANI  Castle-street.  LIVERPOOL  Exchange-street  West.  SOLE  AGENT  IN  LIVERPOOL,  MR.  W.  W.  DORRINGTON,  26,  NORTH  JOHN-STREET.  The  Largest,  Cheapest,  and  Best  Selected  Stock  of  G  LASS,  CHINA,  and  EARTHENWARE,  IS  AT  J.  WARD'S  40,  BOLD  STREET,  LIVERPOOL  All  Pattem  Purchased  at  this  Establishmem  Matched  at  any  time.  Dinner  Sets,  for  Twelve  Persons  qe  Desrt  ~..  Do.  D  0....  .from  40s.  to  .20  per  Set  from  255.  to  .620  Do.  China  Tea  Sets,  Burnished  Gold,  upwards  of  100  Patterns  from  10s.  ed.  to  466  Do  China  E:eakfast  Sets,  Burnished  Gold,  from  58.  to  £7  Do.  Toilet  Sets,  50  Patterns  from  Is.  to  508.  '  Do.  China  Tea  Cups  and  Saucers,  Blue  Figure....  Is.  3d,  per  Half  Dozen.  Jogs,  Parian  China,  Stone  Jugs,  with  Metal  Tops,  for  Hot  Water,  and  a  great  variety  of  others,  of  all  sizes.  All  kinds  of  Kitchen  Ware,  very  cheap.  Stone  Jars,  Feet  Warmers,  Baking  Pans,  Bread  Pans,  kc.,  Richly  Cut  Glass,  the  be.t  that  can  he  made,  in  all  articles.  Pressed  Glass,  of  Ist  and  2nd  quality,  at  prices  that  defy  own.  petition.  French  China  Ornaments,  Painted  and  Gilt,  in  hundreds  of  pat.  terns  and  designs,  from  3s.  6d.  to  .e  3  per  Set.  Figure  Shades,  for  Covering  Ornaments,all  sizes,  and  Stands  for  them,  Gilt  and  Black.  N.B.—J.  W  begs  to  return  thanks  to  th  e  puldicfor  the  patronage  he  has  received,  and  his  success  enables  him  now  to  offer  to  the  public  a  magnificent,  large  ,at  d  .  first-class  s  t  ock  of  goods,suchasvery  Aew  equal,  and  none  surpass, STYLE=superscript  for  quality  or  O  leapness.  Ooods  delivered  within  z'our  Miles  Free  of  Charge.  Observe—J.  WARD.  40,  SOLD  STREET.  uvutrion:  balance  The  Chairman  moved  the  adoption  of  the  accounts,  which  Was  seconded  by  Mr.  Macrae,  and  passed  unanimously.  Mr.  Banner  moved  that  the  sum  of  £1221  Is  lld  'he  reserved  for  the  contingent  fund.  He  observed  that  it  would  be  the  duty  of  the  committee  to  add  to  .the  accommodation  of  the  rooms  as  much  as  possible.  and  the  expenses,  of  course,  P  .1  •  p  •  TT  was  quite  sure  the  fact  wouk  be  appreciated,  that  the  committee  were  not  hungry  for  divid dividing  ing dividing  all  thoir  money  aniong  them,  but  were  willing  to  app'y  a  considerable  sum  for  the  purposes  of  the  contingent  fund.  The  motion  was  seconded  by  Mr.  Bateson,  and  adopted.  Captain  Alexander  moved  the  passing  of  the  dividend,  which  was  seconded  by  Mr.  A.  Henderson,  and  carried.  Mr.  Banner  moved  that  Mr.  Melly  and  Mr.  Henderson,  , STYLE=superscript  o  were  retiring  from  the  directory,  be  appointed  auditors  for  the  coming  year  The  motion  was  also  adopted  ,  The  following  gentlemen  were  elected  to  the  committee  :  Mews.  J.  H.  Macrae,  James  Howell,  Engol,  Thomas  Bolton,  11.  Robinson.  Thanks  were  voted  to  the  retiring  auditors,  directors,  am  committee  The  Chairman  said  the  next  business  was  the  report  of  Mr.  Stewart,  upon  alterations  to  be  made  for  further  accommoda accommodation.  tion. accommodation.  The  lease  had  yet  to  run  two  years,  and  until  that  time  it  shoisld  he  borne  in  mind  that  nothing  could  bo  done.  The  following  report  was  read  :  REPORT  The  proprietors  having  referred  to  your  consideration  the  best  means  of  enlarging  the  present  Exchange-room,  or  other otherwise  wise otherwise  providing  additional  accommodation  of  that  description--  Counsel's  opinion  being  that  the  streets,  piazzas,  &amp;c.,  which  bound  the  extremes  of  the  present  room  could  not  be  inter interrupted,  rupted, interrupted,  at  once  disposed  of  the  question  of  enlarging  the  area  of  the  present  room  :  consequently,  however  inconvenient,  the  only  w•y  in  which  the  additional  accommodation  could  be  obtained  was  limited  to  providing  a  new  additional  room  as  contiguous  as  possible  to  the  present  room,  or  otherwise  to  make  use  of  a  room  on  the  one  pair  floor  to  be  constructed  out  of  the  present  Underwriters'-room  and  the  offices  on  that  floor.  Your  sub-committee  were  of  opinion  that  the  least  incon inconvenient  venient inconvenient  way  would  be  to  provide  an  additional  room,  and,  as  the  most  convenient  in  contiguity  to  the  present  room,  a  portion  of  the  northern  stack  of  the  present  offices  naturally  presented  itself.  I  propose,  therefore,  to  bring  before  you  such  information  as  occurs  to  me  as  needful  to  be  considered,  should  this  sug suggestion  gestion suggestion  he  adopted.  This  northern  stack  of  offices  is  the  narrowest,  being  only  37  feet  6  inches  in  width  on  the  ground  floor,  whilst  your  present  room  is  51  feet  wide,  and  your  western  offices  a  little  more  than  that  ;  the  width  of  the  northern  stack  is  ample'for  private  offices,  but  narrow  for  a  public  room,  and  its  limited  width  must  limit  its  length  ;  it  follows  that  the  area  to  he  obtained  on  this  site  for  a  public  room  cannot  be  very  great.  I  propose  to  clear  away  Nos.  14,  15,  16,  and  17,  which  will  give  a  length  of  about  93  feet  inside,  from  which,  if  a  staircase  and  master's  room  be  taken,  there  will  be  left  a  room  for  81  feet  clear  in  length  by  37  feet  6  inches  in  width,  a  great  length  for  a  room  of  that  width.  Your  present  room,  clear  of  the  bar,  is  111  long  and  51  feet  wide.  The  height  of  the  proposed  new  room  would  fake  two  present  stories,  and  would  be  equal  to  the  side  parts  of  the  present  room,  but  the  width  of  the  new  room  would  not  allow  of  the  division  by  columns  into  a  centre  and  two  side,  the  consequence  of  which  would  be  to  make  the  want  of  heights  more  apparent.  I  think  the  cost  of  carrying  out  the  alteration  would  be  from  £6.000  to  £7,000.  A  year's  rent  would  be  lost  on  all  the  buildings  interfered  with,  and  about  two-thirds  of  the  rent  thereof  permanently  sacrificed,  in  substitution  for  which  there  would  be  the  nett  return  of  additional  sub subscriptions,  scriptions, subscriptions,  after  deducting  the  expense  of,the  additional  staff  of  ntiicer  Simply  as  a  question  of  finance  it  is  doubtful  whether  it  would  succeed,  and  how  far  it  would  promote  the  convenience  of  parties  frequenting  the  Yxchange,  is  a  question  which  your  committee  are  better  able  to  decide  than  I  am.  JOHN  STEWART.  After  a  long  conversation,  Mr.  Melly  moved,  and  Mr.  Bol Bolton  ton Bolton  seconded  a  resolution  to  the  effect  that  the  committee  he  instructed  to  procure  plans  this  year  for  the  enlargement  and  improvement  of  the  rooms.  The  motion  was  adopted.  The  proceedings  closed  with  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  Chairman.  THE  ACCIDENTAL  POISONING  DINGWALL.  We  ga  e  i❑  our  papal-  of  Saturday  a  very  brief  account  of  a  most  startling  and  melancholy  occurrence  at  Ding.  wall  (Scotland);  we  now  find  a  full  account  in  the  luvernes.c  Courier  :_...._  A  calamitous  occurrence  took  place  at  Dingwall  on  Tuesday,  which  has  created  a  most  painful  sensation  in  Ross-shire  and  the  neighbouring  counties.  It  appears  that  John  Maciver,  Esq.,  Provost  of  Dingwall,  had  a  private  dinner  party  on  Tuesday  afternoon,  consist consisting  ing consisting  of  Lewis  M.  Mackenzie,  Esq.,  of  Findon  ;  the  Rev.  Messrs.  Mackenzie  of  Eskadale  and  Gordon  of  Beauty,  Roman  Catholic  priests;  John  Macdonald,  Esq.,  Torridon  ;  and  the  members  of  Mr.  Maciver's  own  family.  After  dinner,  Mr.  Gordon  complained  of  a  parched  mouth,  and  having  taken  a  drink  of  water,  retired.  Mr.  Macdonald  felt  the  same  symptoms,  and  also  withdrew  for  a  short  time,  while  the  others  remained  at  table.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Mackenzie  then  took  ill,  and  a  little  after,  Mr.  Maciver  and  Mr.  Mackenzie  of  Findon  began  to  complain.  Dr.  Smith  was  sent  for,  but  before  his  arrival,  death  had  made  its  inroads.  The  two  clergymen,  after  violent  vomiting,  expired,  and  Mr.  Mackenzie,  of  Findon,  quickly  followed.  Mr.  Macdonald  having  left  the  house,  walked  about,  and  to  this  and  to  his  native  vigour  and  activity  his  recovery  may  mainly  be  attributed.  Mr.  Maciver,  we  are  glad  to  say,  having  been  kept  walking  about  in  the  house,  is  recovering,  and  no  other  was  taken  ill.  The  au authorities  thorities authorities  were  soon  on  the  spot;  little  could  be  done  to  check  the  career  of  death,  but  the  cause  of  the  dire  catastrophe  is  scarcely  matter  of  conjecture.  From  what  has  transpired  we  may  state  that  the  cook  sent  the  male  servant  to  the  garden  for  some  radish  for  the  roast  beef,  and  he,  through  a  mistake,  took  monkshood—root  to  her,  and  this  formed  the  sauce  for  the  beef.  It  is  now  thought  that  all  the  parties  who  have  died,  as  well  as  Mr.  Maciver  and  Mr.  Macdonald,  ate  more  or  less  of  the  beef,  that  the  deadly  poison  was  in  the  sauce,  and  that  the  awful  disaster  hence  originated.  As  yet,  there  has  been  no  dissection  of  the  bodies,  and  we  believe  this  awaits  a  communication  from  Edinburgh.  We  can  only  further  state,  that  this  dreadful  event  has  cast  a  gloom  over  the  locality  that  many  a  long  day  will  not  remove.  The  distress  in  Mr.  Maciver's  family  is  indescribable,  and  the  extensive  sympathy  which  is  felt  can  scarcely  soothe  the  grief  which  weighs  them  down.  The  two  clergymen  were  highly  respected  by  their  own  people,  and  Mr.  Mackenzie  of  Findon,  from  his  suavity  of  manners,  intelligence,  and  the  interest  which  he  evinced  in  county  ;business,  had  he  been  spared,  would  have  occupied  a  conspicuous  and;nseful  position.  He  will  be  succeeded  in  his  property  by  a  younger  brother,  now  in  the  army  in  the  Crimea,  We  cannot,  however,  conclude  without  remarking  the  deep  sensation  which  this  frightful  event  has  occasioned.  FALL  OF  ICARs.---MEETING  of  ADmiNISTRATIvE  RE REFORM  FORM REFORM  ASsOCIATioN.—On  Saturday,  the  Administrative  Reform  Association  convened  a  meetinr,  at  the  Lond  on  Tavern,  for  the  p  ur  p  ose  o  f  expressing  their'  opinion  on  the  propriety  of  adopting  a  memorial  to  her  Majesty,  praying  her  to  direct  a  full  and  public  erquiry  into  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  connected  with  the  fall  of  Ears.  The  meeting  was  addressed  by  Messrs.  Morley,  Tracers,  Gassiott,  Laurence,  Richards,  Mechi,  and  Lindsay,  M.P.  A  very  strong  opinion  was  expressed  on  the  conduct  of  those  who  had  neglected  to  send  from  Erzerourn  sonic  of  those  provisions  which  were  there  in  abundance,  and  which  it  was  contended  might  easily  have  been  made  available  fur  the  garrison  of  Kars  by  a  relic  vino.  6  force.  Th  e  memorial  agreed  to  by  the  meeting  embodied  these  facts,  and  concluded  with  an  earnest  prayer  that  her  Majesty  would  order  a  and  public  enquiry  into  the  whole  of  the  circumstances  involved  in  the  fall  of  Mr.  Lindsay,  M.P.,  read  to  the  meeting  a  letter  which  he  had  received  from  a  general  of  b!  igade  in  the  Turl:ish  Contingent,  detailing  a  number  of  facts  connected  with  the  movements  of  that  force,  which  proved,  in  his  opinion,  the  great  want  which  existed  of  some  comprehensive  measure  of  military  reform,  and  suggested  that  the  Admin Administrative  istrative Administrative  Reform  Association  should  devote  its  labours  to  the  cnli•ditenment  of  the  public  on  the  necessity  which  existed  for  the  union  of  the  English  and  Indian  armies,  the  abuses  of  the  civil  service  patronage,  and  the  secret  and  uncon unconstitutional  stitutional unconstitutional  influence  which  was  constantly  exercised  over  the  polLy  and  acts  of  the  Executive.  The  resolution  in  favour  of  the  adoption  of  the  memorial  was  agreed  to  by  acclama acclamation  tion acclamation  ;  and  thanks  havin  g  b  een  voted  to  the  chairman,  and  to  th  Administrative  Reform  Association,  for  its  useful  labours,  the  proceedings  terminated."
