text
"and  as  this  is  all  we  ask  ;  they  )  modest  a  behest  very  man  We  have,  tv,  planted  with  care  1,  and  relying  upon  tli€  t,  and  the  fe  he  soil  we  have  selected,  we  hope  to  see  it  grow  and  spread,  untifit  assumes  the  magnitude  and  importance  which  similar  undertakings  have  attained,  by  prudent  management,  and  incessant  attention  to  the  public's  wants,  in  other  parts  of  the  kingdom.  THE  COURT  WINDSOR,  Jan.  ,2.—Prince  Albert  with  the  Duke  of  Cambridge,  accompanied  by  Prince  Ernest  of  Leiningen,  Prince  Edward  of  Saxe  Weimar,  and  the  Duke  of  New Newcastle,  castle, Newcastle,  went  out  shooting  yesterday.  The  Prince  of  Wales  and  Prince  Alfred  went  to  London  and  visited  the  Duchess  of  Gloucester,  at  Gloucester-house.  Their  Royal  Highnesses  afterwards  attended  Mr.  Faraday's  lecture,  at  the  Royal  Institution.  The  dinner  party  included  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  the  Princess  Royal,  the  Duke  of  Cam Cambridge,  bridge, Cambridge,  Prince  Ernest  of  Leiningen,  the  Duke  of  New Newcastle,  castle, Newcastle,  Lady  Fanny  Howard,  the  Baroness  de  Speth;  the  Hon.  Mary  Seymour,  the  Right  Hon.  H.  Labouchere,  Mr.  and  Lady  Frances  Baillie,  Sir  Geo  Couper,  and  Colonel  Tyrwhitt.  The  following  had  the  honour  of,  receiving  invitations  for  the  musical  performance  of  Mehul's  which  took  place  in  the  evening,  —Prince  Edward  of  Saxe  Weimar,  the  Belgian  Minister  and  Madame  Van  de  Weyer,  the  Rev.  Lord  and  Lady  Wriothesley  Russell,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  The  Queen,  the  Prince  and  the  dinner  company  entered  St.  George's-hall,  at  half:  past  nine  o'clock.  MINISTERIAL  MOVEMENTS.—A  Cabinet  Council  was  held  at  the  Foreign  Office  yesterday  afternoon.  A  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  Cabinet  Ministers  will  be  held  at  the  War  Depart-  ment  to  -clay.  We  are  glad  to  learn  that  Sir  George  Grey  was  suffi sufficiently  ciently sufficiently  recovered  from  the  effects  of  his  recent  severe  accident  to  attend  at  the  Home  office  yesterday  THE  MAGISTRATES  AGAlN.—After  the  last  notice  that"
