text
"AMERICA.  411  RIVAL  OF  THE  .L  474 STYLE=superscript  ?ur  Thild  Edition'D  f.Yesterday.)  et-lean  mail  - STYLE=superscript  steamer.  Paeoe,  ,. STYLE=superscript  Captain  Just  arrived  in  the  Mersey  from  New  vices  to  the  26th  ult.,  being  two  days  the  telegraphic  dispatch  published  'n  the  NoitTHERN  DAILY.  TIM  ES  of  •  •  :has  brought  .93  passengers,,,:  and.  specie.  We  subjoin  the  letter  of  ,  YORK,  S  ATURDA  Y,  11  A.M.,  Nov.  26TH.  Pacific,  of  the  Collins  line,  renews  &amp;S  day,  after.  •  a  thorough:  repair  and  and  sails  at  noon  for  Liverpool.  By  )11  a  summary  of  four  days'  later  ad adlose  lose adlose  sent  you  by  the  America:  lean  news  by  the  America,  which.  was  'sterday,  has  slightly  improved  the  Lour  and  grain  ;  a  brisk'deinand,  sprang  !s  advanced  from  61  to  121  cents.  per  stock  market  has  not  been  so  active,  we  had  a  downward  tendency.  There  L  supply  of  money,  and  a  reduction  of  'er  cent.  in.  the  :rate  of  interest  has  Lace  the  sailing  of  the  America.  kly'a  limited  supply  of  bills  for  remit=  Pacific,  and  regular  drawers  have;  in  been  able  to  maintain  the  quotations  .t  109.•  Market,  both  'here  and  in  the  grow  ,  'Continues  firm,  and  good  business  me,  and  the  rates  are  rather  better,  , STYLE=superscript  orted:  ,  The  sales  for  the  week  ending  sum  up  10,510  bales,  including  3,637  -;757  for  home  use,  1,764  on  speculation,.  in  transitu,  at  111  to  121.  cents  for  fair  a STYLE=superscript  nd  for  ordinary,  71,  per  lb.  •  tws  I  have  to  convey  by  this  •  steamer  is  -- STYLE=superscript  '  ° STYLE=superscript  rt;  and  only  •of  moderate'  interest.  t STYLE=superscript  tality  on  board  emigrant  'ships  'arriving  ert  continues  unabated.  Since  my  last,  '  e STYLE=superscript  t  - STYLE=superscript  ships  Constellation  and  Hibernia  have  '  y STYLE=superscript  e  ( STYLE=superscript  '  from  Liverpool  ;  the  former  out  of  I STYLE=superscript  €  l STYLE=superscript  o  deaths  on  board,  and  the  latter  out  `mat  33.  Some  other  vessels  -have  been  quarantine,  in  consequence  of  having  °ll  board.  111 STYLE=superscript  e  23rd  inst.,  Charles  Edward  Wedemayre,  7issioner  and  Superintendent  of  the  'Ger 'Ger`ll4th:tent  `ll4th:tent 'Ger`ll4th:tent  at  the  Crystal  Palace,  was  de destealing  stealing destealing  a  bottle  of  perfumery  from  the  e  i4l°Partment.  He  was,  taken  'in  charge  by  policemen,  and  on  search  being  made  ,  4,  46  %fings  several  articles  of  stolen  property  v  discovered,  that  had  been  stolen  away  at  :du  es  .  e  2  ,  31  demenstration  was  held  on  the  evening  inst  ;  at  our  City  Hall:  congratulatory  INh'ecess  attending  the  National  Democrats  ,S  r  e  election  of  City  and  State  OffiCerS:  The  estervelt  . STYLE=superscript  preSided,  and  the  meeting  was  4 STYLE=superscript  8  11 STYLE=superscript  e. STYLE=superscript  •  , STYLE=superscript  41  /  ,,,N0ra10  yesterday,  Lawrence  Fougharty  1  1 STYLE=superscript  ,de  tn  t  l  i,le  extreme  penalty  of  the  law,  for,  the  ale  ° STYLE=superscript  f  Air.  Brown,  at-  Alton  in  December  last.:  .-  21;  i  (.  1 STYLE=superscript  er  Heilbourn  was  arrested  on  the  24th  Zy  t  `  rs  'er  the  Ashburton  treaty;  for  - STYLE=superscript  alteget  .  l  fraud  Va.  id  in  the  city  M  London,  for  forging  the  (  , STYLE=superscript  A„  Charles  Macintosh  and  Co.,  to  a  Bill.of  Vee  , STYLE=superscript  drawn  on  the  2nd  July  laSt,  by  the  fth  e  Bank  of  England.  ii  to  e STYLE=superscript  l  from  Washington,  furnish  accounts  of  efferent  of  the  President's  message  :  that  it  (Owing  to  completion,  and  will  be  sent  to  klq,'reat  papers  in  .tinie'  to  appear  simulta simultak4,l:ith.  k4,l:ith. simultak4,l:ith.  its  delivery  at  Washington  before  Con,  t STYLE=superscript  Ye  health  of  the  President  is  impaired,  itol'r'  as  prevent  his  getting  'about  little.  The  1  )  ,  1  ,  5  4 STYLE=superscript  stated,  to  be  fa  ) STYLE=superscript  st  'filling  up  With  •  the  ,t  i  le  , STYLE=superscript  l3  a  ,  ° STYLE=superscript  lCongress,  from  all'  parts,of  the  Union.  iir  a  ,„'  9,  f  British  North  Abler-Ica;  at  St.  Jelin;  e  x  of  XBOO,  on  the  24th  ult.'  Some  `qe  AC  B STYLE=superscript  as  to  the  truth  of  this.  kbe  s  t  n  t STYLE=superscript  „  lll STYLE=superscript  n  ~I  n STYLE=superscript  eth  Clipper-ship  Great  Republic  has  (  2 STYLE=superscript  1  -lo STYLE=superscript  r  this  port,  in.tow  of  a  steamer.  •  f  &#34;&#34;'  l3 STYLE=superscript  -I.RA  N  ,  Nov  .  .  25.—The  Steamer  California,  `\o  B' STYLE=superscript  oaf  •,%,,vO,ll,  t  the  dates  from  Cahfoupa,  a  Belize,  below  this  city,  ue STYLE=superscript  Vf  o  '  f  irly  on  Saturday  forenoon.  A  tek  states  tioit  the  Illinois  sailed  from  Aspin Aspinr  r Aspinr  ;  Ne STYLE=superscript  w  York,  on  the  19th,  with  one  million  Jllgold,  an  d  150  p  as  sengers.  ll STYLE=superscript  in  ois  will  be  due  here  (New'  York)  on  1:0k1t,11&#34;117-',  YORK  MARKETS—Nov.  25.  ‘ftk  )1)„,41431  STomis.—The  supply  of.  money  was  easy  at  ';,.&#34;,r  cent.  There  is  a  steady  business  paper,  90  i'cliths,  at  10  to  12  per  cent.  The  banks  are  dis dis,K  ,K dis,K  Thce  their  regular  customers,.  on  very  short  prime  St  7,  elQ,aloreign  news,  together  with  the  stiff  _Fates  for  f  ,hAir,  and  the  prospect  of  a  considerable  ship ship;ll4Nr„Li'le.  ;ll4Nr„Li'le. ship;ll4Nr„Li'le.  by  the  Collins  packet  •  to-morrow,  caused  an  %id  •  e  turn  on  the  stock  exchange  to-day.  The  fall  ktt  ative  stocks  was  about  1  per  cent.  The  market  I:tto4  i'vand  rather  drooping  in  the  afternoon,  with  the  kiteading•  Seem  in  moderate  demand  at  unaltered  figures  V)444  business  includes  60  bblv.  5  doll.  56  for  t  a  46,  5  dots.  50  for  Pots,  per,  100,1bs.  O  lef  Cotton  to-day  were  2,388  bales,  the  mark  et  Co;[p  crop  prospect,  Mr.  STEWART,  in  his  circular,  t4j°ll4•,lng  packet  to-morrow,  remarks  :  the  oa  lebi.gat  the  weather  has  been  throughout  favorable  tig  the  crop,  and  must  exercise  a  great  influence  \l\kto'44  result  The  southwestern'  rivers  are  slowly  /  t-'lll  in  the  next  month  the  receipts  will  probably  ttlt  r  g  Alt  figures  on  a  par  with  the  general  opinion  of  tot,  Er  cures  /‘)aeed4  '4'  411  MEAL.  State  and  Western  brands,  in in-4  -4 in-4  the  111  part  by  the  steamers  news,  the  moderate  receipts  Ittri4,tetior,  and  the  anticipation  of  an  early  suspen suspen'lgation  'lgation suspen'lgation  on  the  canals  have  been  less  freely  'ittoh,pers  ttiore  sought  after,  both  by  the  home  trade  and  `l'Ne  24)  at  enhanced  rates.  The  day's  movements  OZelltia??00  brls.  Canadian  is  brisker  and  firmer,  but  vit,4o`  dearer.  TB.--,Pork  is  even  more  freely  offered.  at  still  N  4,4_,  yet  is  not  in  very  active  demand.  The  day's  4Htlarelude  500  brls.  Western,  at  $l3  Sc.  to  $l4  for  ho  I)4itellt  -  874-e.  to  $ll  for  prime,  per  brl.  Cutmeats  (41  alteration.  Lard  is  depreciating.  „Ts--To  Liverpool,  about  4,000  brls.  flour  were  41'  6d.  ;  8,000  to  9,000  bushels  corn,  in  ships'  N.tt'  ,  604,:  and  200  packages  lard  at  40s._  per  ton.  To  to  700  brls.  flour  were  engaged  at  4s.  9d.  To  brie.  Sour  at  95c.  per  brl.  00r)  5b  Nov.  25  1853.—Receipts  since  our  last  :  Flour,  kt  1244.  •  )00  wheat,  18,0.00  bushels;  corn,  20,000  bushels;  'l4e  4.0  bushels.  Flour  :  The  sales  reach  2,000  brls.,  to  $6  87c.  for  State,  and  $6  17c.  to  $7  for  Wes Wes-4,Nat  4,Nat Wes-4,Nat  steady  and  firm  ;  sales  2,500  bushels,  at  17s,  °ltcN  Corn  :No  supply,  but  in  good  demand  ;  sales  t  63,k-.  Barley  :  20,000  bushels  sold  at  80c.  for  two  to  81c.  for  Wisconsin.  Oats?mproving;  sales  141  t'h'  A  4  o,  itt,i4ort  Nov.  25,  1853.—The  only  receipts  since  our  have  been  7,000  brls.  of  flour.  Our  market  is  (!1,44'  is  44  ed  we  hear  .of  no  sales  worth,  reporting.  The  V  ,00itt„  ry  cold,  and  there  have  been  no  shipments.  aIE-rO,  Nov.  24.—The  sales  of  cotton  to-day  were  00.  t_and  for  the  week  9,000  bales,  at  prices  ranging  kkk:'  I.le.  The  receipts  of  the  week  foot  up  to  market  closes  ,c  to  higherz  thanli  last  fair  and  fair  being  quotes  at  10°,  .to  c.—  rah  •  sales  of  cot  ton  to-day  were  700  bales,  at  'O4;  ing  from  9e,  to  10-fc.  The  market  shows  no  1,4  (la  4i3  ,ZAasis,  Nov.  24,  P.M.—Cotton  'has  been  very  IRtY  under  the  Canada's  news,  the  sales  of  '•  to  cuing  14,000  bales,  the  largest  of  the  season.  0.0,51  e  advanced  strict  middling  being  (incited  at  litilgett44  The  receipts  to-day  have  been  11,000  bales.  active  ;.  10,000  bags  sold  at  10c,  to  111  c.,  and  ra'etl'w  asking  higher  rates.  Pork—Sales  of  1,500  87  at  $l2  01:tx  lt,•s  ,  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE.  %:t4tll  1)-'4  ielena,  Newcastle  on  Tyne,  25th  Nov,  kV*.  C.-Hibernia  Liverpool,  25th  Nov.;  Java.  I,piii'vsthei  do.;  .Siteridan,  Liverpool,  below.  fi°ls,(la,  ‘._cirtielia  and  Fidelia  from  Liverpool,  6:ctiar,s_  &amp;lora  London,  have  been  towed  up  4qt  Rt.%  41'110  to  day.  k4ty4  44  Pomona,  St.  John's,  fok.Lpith  .  /1)0,1  on.  52  Rhodes,  St.  John's,  N.  8.,  ori  17th,  lat.  42,  ion.  64  12.  'i.  4  Od  t) STYLE=superscript  504  b  ‘r  •  •  (741 STYLE=superscript  '1  4. STYLE=superscript  .11  LIST  42  Il STYLE=superscript  tit  i STYLE=superscript  tit  4 STYLE=superscript  .  R  .  ;  /  1 STYLE=superscript  :  1111 STYLE=superscript  g,  Miss  E..  D.  Brown,  Mr.  J;  N.  A.  Gris Gris,  , Gris,  k  r.  A.•  Butterworth,  Mr.  H.  S.  Taylor  •  Mr,  W.  tOrtl  . STYLE=superscript  s.  1  1,  1 STYLE=superscript  P.  'Washington  and  lady  and'  infant  and  ,t  p  rake  Mills,  Mrs.  E.  Ryder,  Mrs.  E.  Busher,  Goo  am  pdleton  and  lady,  Mr.  W.  H.  Whittemore  er  .  children  and  nurse,  Mr.  Chas.  F.  Moulton,  1 STYLE=superscript  4  'M  101,  rothe  t  4r.  j  - STYLE=superscript  .  •  Mr.  J.  F.  •  Halsted,  Mr.  H.  Spencer,  7  \  ku  4  k STYLE=superscript  ti  ieodger,  Miss  J.  Watson,  Mr.  T.  A.  Vyse  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  ‘;l  lt  l STYLE=superscript  :less  rs.  VYses  and  two  Mr.  Vyses  and  female  e  Rochester,,  William  Bates,  F.  Fall,  0  .4  0  horn  as  rner  (barer  ,  F.  lioechlin,  W.  F.  Murray  of  despatches  to  Paris,)  Dr.  D.  Fongeaud  and  lady,  two  children  and  nurse,  Messrs.  F.  FrYou,  G.  W.  Usborne,  J.  C.  O'Neill,  (U.  S.  Consul  to  Bel Belfast,)  fast,) Belfast,)  W.  B.  Snipes,  J.  Hart,  J.  ,B.  and  C.  Thompson,  Mr.  J.  W.  Wilkinson,  (bearer  of  despatches,)  Mrs.  J.  W.  Wil Willinson  linson Willinson  and  daughter,  Messrs.  Borel,  ..Stevenson,W  Miss  Stevenson,  Mr.  W.  Proudfort,  Miss  Rhodes,  Lieutenant Lieutenant,General  ,General Lieutenant,General STYLE=superscript  Vetter  Madame  J.  Pauer,  Dr.  F.  P.  Abbot,  (bearer  of  dispatches,)  Messrs.  H.  M.  Avery,  L.  Leveison,  George  Ronalds,  H.  Williams,  H.  Arens,  Mr.  Soldiac,  Right  Rev.  F.  Baraga,  Mr.  P.  G.  Penchy,  Messrs.  L.  and  A.  Dubois,  P.  Young;  R.  Carson,  J.  Finlins,  Deitz,  C.  A.  Spatz,  Messrs.  .  W.  F%  Shannon,  Edward  Gastard,  P.  Meyer,  J.  D.  Pinkin Pinkinton,  ton, Pinkinton,  J.  Hill,  'Dr.  J.  Stradley,  H.  Bosi,  S.  Robinson,  Miss  Robinson,  Mr.  Harris.  Total  93.  RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  AFFAIRS  OF  THE  EAST  (From  our  Second  . STYLE=superscript  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  Krajova  letter's  of  the  30th  of  November  state  that  up  to  that  date  the  Russians  had  made  no  ad advance  vance advance  against  Kalafat.  It  was  thought  General  Tishbat  had  been  ordered  to  fall  back  upon  Bucha Bucharest,  rest, Bucharest,  where  Gortschakoff  is  concentratiug.the  whole  of  his  troops,  with  the  front  of  his  army  turned  towards  Silistria.  On  the  27th,  28th,  and  29th,  the  Turks  renewed  . STYLE=superscript  their  attacks  on  Guirgevo'  without  .  any  favorable  result.  -  -  In  MoldaVia  affairs  are  conducted  in  the  most  absolute  manner  by  General  Urusoff  ;  the  JeWs  in  particular  are  the  victims  of  his  brutality.  CONSTANTINOPLE,  Nov.  21.—The  war  in  Asia  is  earried,on.with  great  energy.  The  Turks  attacked  `and  routed  a  Russian  corps  in  the  Province  of  Bayazid.  On  the  4th  a  serious  'engagement  took  place  near  the  fortress  of  Nekessa;  and  ended  in  the  de  feat  of  the  Russians  The  following  is  the  text  of  the  Sultan's  reply  to  General  Baraguay  D'  Hilliers  I  have  always  relied,  and  I  rely  in  the  ipresent  crisis,  on  the  material  support  of  my  ancient  'allies,.  France  and  . STYLE=superscript  Great  Britain.  France.  and.  the  rest  of  Europe  have  the  right  to  insist  on  peace  :  I,  too,  desire  peace,  but  only  if  it  can  be  had  without  prejudice  to  my  sovereign  rights,  and  the  independence  of  Turkey.  At  present  no  arrangement  is  possible  without  the  entire  renunciation  of  the  pretensions  put  forward  by  Russia,  and  without  the  immediate  and  complete  evacuation  of  the  two  Principalities,  which  are  a  part  of  my  The  Times  states  in  a  leading  article  that  the  definite  concert  of  the  Four  Great  Powers  at  length  established,  deprives,  the  Eastern  contest  of  the  principal  dangers  attending  its  prolongation.  With  Great  Britain,  France,  Austria,  and  Prussia  com combined  bined combined  in  a  firm  and  •  deliberate  union,  for  the  regu regulation  lation regulation  of  affairs  upon  a  basis  previously  arranged,  it  is  altogether  impossible  that  the  general  security  of  Europe  should  be  materially  disturbed.  ST.  PETERSBURG,  NOVEM  BER  28.—The  frost  iS  - STYLE=superscript  very  severe,  and  the  navigation  completely  closed  FURTHER  PARTICULARS.  VIENNA,  Tuesday  Evening,  It  is  authentically  stated  that  the  report  that  an.  alliance  had  been  formed  between  the  four  Powers  is  incorrect  ;  a  collective  note  has  been  drawn  up,  but  no  mutual  pledge  given  to  enforce  its  acceptance.  CONSTANTINOPLE,  Nov.  24,  It  is  stated  in  the  papers  that  a  three  months'  armistice,  demanded  by  England,  has  been  re refused  fused- refused  by  the  Turkish  ministers,  and  that  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  Lord  Stratford  had  an  audience  of  the  Sultan,  which  lasted  five  hours.  Au  extraordi extraordinary  nary extraordinary  Divan  was  appointed  to  meet.  The  Russians,  under  Generals  Nestorow  and  Argutinski,  were  defeated  near  Achirka  and  Achaltzik  with  great  loss.  After  a  battle  of  se several  veral several  hours'  duration,  they  left  their  wounded,  and  a  quantity  of  baggage  and  ammunition,  in  the  hands  of  Ottomans:  Several  villages  on  the  Russian  terri territory  tory territory  have  been  occupied-  by  the  Turks.  The  num number  ber number  of  deserters  from  the  enemy  is  so  extraordi extraordinary,  nary, extraordinary,  that  it  is  in  contemplation  to  form  a  Rus Russian  sian Russian  legion,  to  be  led  against  their  former  masters.  At  Jassy  not  less  than  eighteen  large  houses,  be belonging  longing belonging  to  different  Boyards,  have  been  converted  into  hospitals.  Letters  from  the  frontier  of  Russian  Poland  re repeat  peat repeat  that  the  levy  now  going  on  in  Russia  is  not  the  ordinary  recruiting,  as  has  been  asserted.  So  many  men  were  never  'before  seized,  so  much  se severity  verity severity  was  never  before  resorted  to,  and  so  many  children  (boys  of  twelve  years  of  age)  were  never  before  taken  from  their  parents  to  be  •  sent  to  the  regiments.  The  Turkish  garrison  at  Kalafat  is  changed  every  other  day,  the  troops  being  relieved  from  Widdin.  It  is  supposed  that  this  circumstance  gave  rise  to  the  incorrect  report  that  Kalafat  had  been  evacu evacuated  ated evacuated  by  the  Turkish  forces.  sithilar  regUlation  is  observed  at  Mokan.  The  Turks  passing,  to  and  fro  incessantly  alarm  the  Rus Russians  sians Russians  at  Giurgevo,  who,  not  being  relieved,  suffer  exceedingly.  .  The  latest  news  is  thus  summed  up  by  the  ••Vienna  Correspondent  of  the  Times,  writing  on  the  3rd;—  •  Omar  Pacha  has  been  since  the  15th  Novem November  ber November  in  Rasgrad,  to  which  place  reinforcements  and  supplies  are  forwarded  every  week.  It  is  a  singular  fact  that  a  great  number  of  foreigners,  among  whom  are  many  Englishmen  and  Americans,  came  with  the  last  reinforcements.  Since  the  corn,  mencement  of  hostilities,  the  Turks  have  lost  about  4,000  men,  1,300  of  whom  were  either  killed  in  battle.  or  drowned.  - STYLE=superscript  It  is  certain  that  the  Turks  were  still  at-  Turna,  where  the  Aluta  falls  into  the  Danube,  opposite  Nicopolis,  on  the  -18th.  On  the  15th  a  very  sharp  affair  took  place  at  Turna,  in  which,  notwithstanding  the  assertions  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  Oest.  Correspondenz  to  the  contrary,  the  Russians  were  worsted  and  put  to  flight.  There  is  a  citadel  sur surrounded  rounded surrounded  by  a  wall  either  at  Turna,  or  on  an  island  close  by,  and  ,this  is  in  the  hands  of  the  Turks.  The  Porte  positively  reject,s  all  further  media mediation.  tion. mediation.  Lord  Stratford  is  said  to  have  pledged  his  word  for  the  repayment  of  the  30,000,000  of  piastres  (3'300,000)  advanced  to  the  Porte  by  Messrs.  Baltazzi.  MONETARY.  (Front  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday,)  FRA?ICE.—PARIS,  TIIkSDAY.—The  funds  were  very  buoyant.  Threes  closed  at  75f.  45c.,  and  Four-and Four-anda-half  a-half Four-anda-half  per  Cents  I.oof.  60c.  Gold  is  about  0.38  per  eent,  dearer  in  Paris  than  in  London,  and  0.06  per  cent,  dearer  in  London  than  in  Hamburgh.  The  Exchange  at  New  York  is  nominally  0.17  per  cent.  in  favour  of  England,  leaving  a  trifling  profit  on  thc  importation  of  gold  from  the  United  States.  IRELAND  [FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  DUBLIN,  WEDNESDAY.  FARRELL  V.  THE  GREAT  SOUTHERN  AND  WESTERN  RAILWAY  COMPANY.--  . STYLE=superscript  -This  case  has  been  settled  The  plaintiff,  who  lost  her  leg,  is  to  be  .allowed  £l2O  per  annum.  •  Frrin.—Mr.  LUrxisden's  printing  office,  Marl Marlborough.street,  borough.street, Marlborough.street,  Cork,  caught  fire  a  few  nights  ago,  and  £4OO  worth.  of  type  destroyed.  Several  moieties  of  proporties  were  sold  yester yesterday  day yesterday  by  the  Incumbered  Estates  Commissioners,  £37,000  were  realized.  With  the  exception  of  some  house  property  in  Dublin,  which  fetched  nine-years'  -purchase,  the  whole  brought  an  average  of  twenty-three  years:  •  .  Louiss  Napoleon  hassgiyen  a  gold  medal  to  Captain  Ren Rennie,  nie, Rennie,  of  the  steamer,  for  saving  a  French  brig.  From  actlignani  wa  learn  that  tne  Parisian  atmosphere  is  now  as  foggy  as  our  own,  THE  ESTABLLSIIED  CHURCH  IN  TIP  gt)T  e  .9lgES.—The  metropolitan  see  of,  Sydney  will  be  offered  to  the  energetic  Bishop  of  New  Zealand  qn  his  return  to  England,  This  tribute  to  the  virtues  and  success  of  one  who  has  been,  with without  out without  exaggeration,  called  the  Apostle  of  the  ye yegredit  gredit yegredit  on  - STYLE=superscript  the  authorities  who  offer  it.  Directly,  it  shows  that  4  . STYLE=superscript  1394  r  is  considered  the  true  test  of  efficiency  in  making  such  appointiiiiess  ;  and,  indirectly,  it  may  be  con considered  sidered considered  a  proof  that  tried  P  6 STYLE=superscript  ,1944  PfPoTience  is  deemed  the  best  credential  for  the  in  post  of  4*  9f  the  Austra Australasian  lasian Australasian  epiScopate.  Translation  in  the  ordinary  administra administration  tion administration  of  colonial  dioceses,  the  chunk  is  reasonable  averse  to.  But  bishop  Selwyn  will  occupy  a  metropolitan  see,  and  one  of  that  importance  which  eminently  requires  a  bishop  personally  habituated  to  colonial  wants  and  feelings,  al already  ready already  skilled  in  Inissionary  work,  and  with  age  and  practical  knowledge  such  as  shali  attract  the  confidence  of  an  impor important  tant important  .  people.  Without  'donbt  the  appointment  will  be  as  popular  in  Australia  as  in  England.  The  venerable  Oetavms  Hadfield,  archdeacon  of  Waimate,  probably  succeedhishop  Selwyn  in  the  see  of.  New  Zealand.---Aroi7t7  TILE  SOUTH  :LatiNT.ISHIRE  WINTER  ASSIZES.  CI.OWN  COURT.  (Before  lir.  Baron  ALDED.soiv.)  The  learned  judge  took  his  seat  a  few  minutes  after  nine  o'clock.  SENTENCES.  Immediately  on  his  loidship  taking  his  seat,  the  following  prisoners  were  called  up  for  judgment.  Dennis  Mahony,  26,  who  pleaded  guilty  on  Tuesday,  to  a  charge  of  having,  at  Warrington,  on  the  29th  of  August  last,  entered  the  dwelling-house  of  Samuel  Ashfield,  and  stolen  therefrom  money  and  wearing  apparel,  was  Sentenced  to  six  months'  imprisonment.  John  Grady,  16,  who  pleaded  guilty  on  Monday  to  a  charge  of  stealing  a  watch  and  other  articles  from  the  dwel dwelling-house  ling-house dwelling-house  of  William  Sandford,  at  Heaton  Norris,  six  months'  imprisonment.  STREET  ROBBERIES  WITH  VIOLENCE,  AT  LIVERPOOL.  Elizabeth  Rowe,  23,  Charles  Hazeldine,  28,  and  John  Lewis,  25,  convicted  'on  Tuesday,  of  having  feloniously  as assaulted  saulted assaulted  and  robbed  John  Butcher,  were  sentenced  as  follows  :  Elizabeth  Rowe,  to  eighteen  months'  imprisonment,  and  Hazeldine  and  Lewis  to  four  years'  penal  servitude.  •  Jane  Hickson,  17,  John  Clarke,  21,  and  William  Wilks,  18,  convicted  - STYLE=superscript  on  Tuesday,  of  having,  with  great  personal  violence,  assaulted  and  robbed  Michael  Malley,  were  sen  -  tenced  as  follows  :  Hickson,  fifteen  years'  transportation  ;  Clarke,  eight  years'  penal  servitude;  and  Wilks,  four  years'  penal  servitude.  The  learned  judge,  in  passing  sentence,  remarked  on  the  enormity  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  offence  of  which  the  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  had  been  found  guilty,  accompanied  as  it  was  by  an  attempt  to  strangle  the  prosecutor.  Clarke  had  been  four  times  previously  convicted,  and  Hickson  once.  P3_TB00027 7 STYLE=superscript  NI:  IISG. STYLE=superscript  41. STYLE=superscript  we  I°' STYLE=superscript  icto.  This  l STYLE=superscript  '  4  j  e STYLE=superscript  ront  oz  loilars  Aine  -  addl  .°. STYLE=superscript  ri  41.  Jus  t  not  ,  out'  .  0 STYLE=superscript  Y  in  :fer'  `ta3  - STYLE=superscript  ici  .  P STYLE=superscript  adt:  fi  e  Tliest  ,  doll  ft  rs  who  l STYLE=superscript  le4p  onl  a  1 STYLE=superscript  °  gene  ri STYLE=superscript  Ps  this  T  '  It.  6;  I  t  o STYLE=superscript  ng,  a  2  34  411  Yot  q  ll STYLE=superscript  tho  296  europe  !et  Ye:  ;lie  Ott  for  fi  r  ,  e  , STYLE=superscript  NEt  •  13  , STYLE=superscript  )  0 STYLE=superscript  .  o  e  Th  e  or  hay  1 STYLE=superscript  oilL  good  °4e STYLE=superscript  P(  s  .  jou  , STYLE=superscript  ,  ei  s  1'  th  e  P- STYLE=superscript  V  IDcwelly  ~d  o STYLE=superscript  n  at  ot  toil  otlo  B STYLE=superscript  po  kZe  its  ef  n  O STYLE=superscript  ,  t4x4  A  ;ti  :  €  1  •  rip  ,  j  oi  ttt  ,  el'  eti  -PC  keil  0  0  , STYLE=superscript  E STYLE=superscript  Por  t  4 STYLE=superscript  lye  Lrb  id  a  !ife  tieliew4a  •  of  ti  . STYLE=superscript  fort  ar  e  A  l  ir  I  V  rtalit  •  t  Port  of  PO  ,vi  sli  Ri  et  :  4.  e  A  4  1  .  e  d  is  W STYLE=superscript  ittO  ' STYLE=superscript  o'  l STYLE=superscript  loll  A  ,  !lie  pi  t  lost  0  quar  ar  4 STYLE=superscript  4  '  whi  c) STYLE=superscript  .o  0  1  :  11 STYLE=superscript  b  )41'  4 STYLE=superscript  1  ,7 STYLE=superscript  kllito'  23i  000  I)ssi STYLE=superscript  i  l'artrc  dealstel  de  I  pl  o  y  the  Pa  le  se STYLE=superscript  _ri  ‘l4(lniPc"
