text
"I•T  A  L  We  learn  by  the  latest  advices  that  much  agita agitation  tion agitation  prevailed  at  Naples.  The  King  was  afraid  that  France  would  reinforce  the  corps  of  army  at  Rome,  and  had  accordingly  adopted  measures  of  defence.  The  Neapolitan  arm  is  numerous  and  well-organ well-organized,  ized, well-organized,  but  the  population  is  discontented  and  ready  and  the•  presence  of  a  few  French  ships  of  war  along  the  coast  might  be  the  signal  of  a  re revolution  volution revolution  througlikmb  tho  hirtgdom.  to  revol  SWITZERLAND.  A  plot  has  been  discovered  at  Bellinzona,  in  the  Tessino.  MANCHESTER  ROYAL  SCHOOL  OF  MEDICINE  AND  SURGERY,  PINE  STREET.  ANNUAL  DISTRIBUTION  OF  PRIZES  The  annual  distribution  of  prizes  to  students  of  this  school  took  place  yesterday  (Wednesday)  afternoon,  at  3  o'clock,  in  the  Town  Hall,  King-street,  Manchester,  before  a  numerous  and  highly  respectable  assemblage  of  ladies  and  gentlemen.  Amongst  the  gentlemen  present  we  noticed  :—the  mayor  of  Manchester,  (Robert  Barnes,  Esq.)  ;  the  mayor  of  Salford,  (Frank  Ashton,  Esq.)  ;  Sir  J.  L.  Bardsley,  Sir  Jobn  Potter,  Sir  Elkanah  Armitage,  the  Right  Rev.  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Manchester,  the  Rev.  Hugh  Stowell,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Vaughan,  Mr.  Tootal,  Mr.  Joseph  Peel,  Mr.  Commissioner  Jemmett,  Mr.  Alderman  Shuttleworth,  Mr.  Malcolm  Ross,  Mr.  Whit Whitlow,  low, Whitlow,  Mr.  C.  H.  Rickards,  Mr.Leppoe,  Mr.  Alderman  Watkins,  Mr.  Alexander  Kay,  Mr.  John  Reid,  Mr.  James  Heywood.  M.  P.,  the  Rev.  Canon  Clifton,  Mr.  Alexander  Henry,  &amp;c.  The  proceedings  were  opened  by  his  worship  the  mayor  of  Manchester,  who  occupied  the  chair.  The  meeting  was  then  addressed  at  some  length  by  Mr.  Thomas  Turner,  lecturer  on  anatomy  and  physiology.  The  mayor  then  distributed  the  prizes  amongst  the  success successful  ful successful  candidates  for  the  honors  of  the  school.  They  were  as  follows  :  SCHOLARSHIPS  Senior  Scholarship,  for  third  year's  students,  £2O,  double  for  two  years,  to  Alfred  William  Stocks,  of  Huddersfield.  Second  scholarship,  for  second  year's  students,  £l5,  double  for  one  year,  to  Robert  Hickling  Heathcote,  of  Waltham,  Leicestershire.  Juniorscholarship,  for  first  year's  students,  £lO,  double  for  year,  to  Henry  Moorhouse  Taylor,  of  St,  Ann's-square,  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  .  Gold  Medal,  (in  lieu  of  which  was  given  at  his  own  request,  a  valuable  microscope,)  to  Alfred  William  Stocks.  CLASS  PRIZES,  Mr.  Turner  s  class,  Anatomy  and  Physiology.-Ist  prize  to  A.  W.  Stocks  ;  2nd,  R.  H.  Heathcotc  ;  3rd,  to  11:  G.  Earn Earnshaw,  shaw, Earnshaw,  of  Clithero,  Lincolnshire.  Dr.  Brown's  class,  Proctor  ofj  Medicine.-Ist  prize,  A.  W.  Stokes  ;  2nd,  R.  H.  Hcathcote.  Mr.  Coveney's  class,  Surgery.—lst  prize,  A.  W.  Stooks  ;  2nd,  Richard  Sweeting,  of  Nassau,  New  Providence,  West  Indies.  _  Air.  F.  C.  Calvert's  class,  Chemistry.-Ist  prize,  Thomas  Rayner,  of  Robinson-street,  Ardwick  ;  2nd,  H.  M.  Taylor,  Mr.  Heath's  class,  Obstetric  Medicine.—  I  st,  Richard  Swee  t ting,  ing, ting,  ;  2nd,  Jobh  George  Graham,  St.  Peter's-square,  Stockport.  Mr.  Child's  class,  Materia  Medica.—lst  prize,  11.  M.  Taylor.  _  _  Grindon,s  class,  Botany.—H.  M.  Taylor.  Dr.  Renand's  class,  Pathology.—lst.  prize,  Thomas  Rayner.  Mr.  Greaves's  class,  Forensic  Medicine.—lst  prize,  R.  H.  Heathcote.  Mr.  Hunt's  class,  Anatomy,  Physiology,  and  diseases  of  'the  Eye.—J.  J.  Heywood,  Harwood-place,  Old  Trafford's,  Man-  chester  The  Rev•  Dr.  VAUGHAN  having  addressed  the  audience,  certificates  of  honor  for  regularity  of  attendance  and  good  con conduct,  duct, conduct,  were  awarded  to  25  students.  Sir.  J.  L.  BARDSLEY  moved  the  first  resolution,  which  thanked  the  former  presidents  for  tho  annual  distribution  of  prizes.  The  Rev.  St.  VINCENT  BEECHV  of  Worsley,  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  unanimously.  Mr.  JAMES  lIEYWOOD,  M.  P.,  moved  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  to  the  gentlemen  whose  liberality  had  enabled  the  lecturers  to  forward  scholarship  Mr  ALEXANDER  KAY  seconded  the  resolution—carried  unanimously  Alderman  Sir  JOAN  POTTER  moved  the  next  resolution,  which  expressed  the  sincere  wishes  of  the  meeting  for  the  con  tinned  success  of  the  Manchester  Royal  School  of  Medicine  and  Surgery  fhe  ' STYLE=superscript  MAYOR  OP  SALFORD  seconded  the,  resolution—carried  unanimously  The  chair  having  been  tacated  by  the  Bishop  of  Manchester,  and  the  right  Rev.  the  Lord  Bishop  of  the  Diocese  having  been  called  to  it,  The  Rev.  Canon  CLIFTON  moved  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  Mayor  for  his  kindness  in  presiding  over  the  m  eeting.  Mr.  Alderman  WATICINS  seconded  th  e STYLE=superscript  'notion,  which  was  supported  by  the  Bishop,  and  carried  by  acclamation.  The  Mayor  returned  thanks,  shortly  after  which  tho  meeting  separated.  r  t  l  people  right  l  w  e  ge  .  r STYLE=superscript  Two  The  Chester  and  H  ol STYLE=superscript  y.  head STYLE=superscript  steamer STYLE=superscript  which STYLE=superscript  left STYLE=superscript  Kingstown  on  Monday  mo  rning  had  a  rough  passage,  a  n  d  when  approaching  Holyhead  a  heavy  sea  struck  the  vesse  l,  e STYLE=superscript  injure STYLE=superscript  s  d STYLE=superscript  erv  b STYLE=superscript  an  y STYLE=superscript  tfl  of  this  carrying  away  the  s  tarboard STYLE=superscript  bulwarks STYLE=superscript  and STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  corres STYLE=superscript  p  ondin STYLE=superscript  g  side  of  the  saloon  on STYLE=superscript  deck,. STYLE=superscript  which STYLE=superscript  was STYLE=superscript  then STYLE=superscript  o STYLE=superscript  ccupied  by  several  a  a STYLE=superscript  simple  s STYLE=superscript  ers STYLE=superscript  fr  catastro  phe  ;  one  lady,  a  Mrs.  Nugent,  from  Leamington,  r  actur  Se STYLE=superscript  e  ve STYLE=superscript  o  of  a STYLE=superscript  h  Majort9tl4  AOgilUllts  Wer9  also  badly  injured,  eirvelPseng"
