text
"33,260,000  dole.  in  cotton  Ph  e  ci  Win  at  these  two  points  alone,  of  36,100,0(  111;T  I  the  exports  of  Bread-stufti  esto  ,reland  s  to  1  Irrels  -meal  7  barrels  corn.  In  add  tY,  she  I  e STYLE=superscript  f  ., STYLE=superscript  Porgy  '0(1R  1.....  Lumbei  and  Lec  hich,  taken  iv  for  three  I  lent  to  pa  ie  quantity  S\  now  turn  to  (  and  up  in  a  highly  favourablE  produce  received,  On  increase  for  the  enced  yesterday  s  ,  and  118,060  barrels  flour,  I  on  P  re`  bushels  wheat,  and  an  to  these  articles  f  ippiy  — STYLE=superscript  of  Wee,  I  visite  .y  it  blew  Leif  ex  Dye-  I  iie—viorent  Would  be  1  ;;;f-  Ind  we  find.  si  Wind,  acc  RIZ  . STYLE=superscript  11  Wit'  r STYLE=superscript  rb  el  Itret.  dawned  gloomil  wad  by  One  hundred  bale  lat  116.  for  middling.  Rio  coff  t  to  1(  tc  Per  pourp4  The  Fteain-shipGiorgi  - STYLE=superscript  a,  whi  the  10th  Sept.,  with  the  Ca,lifei  passengers  for  Agpinw  day,  in  lat.  36  20,  lon  ing  NE.  and  distant  lone  of  the  me  the  wind  blei  of  rain  iat  sh€  sprung  a  leak  finally  six  feet  of  watei  ited  among  the  ere%  injuries  that  she  will  not  be  a  stivs  1,  On  the  follov  50.  (Cave  Hatti  feet  hulTiCal  it  by  the  hc  i'aiuir  for  the  safety  of  the  N  at  coolness  and  c  ralltheperil  wl  Means  was  gradua  :xas)—it  prevailed  flour  will  go  1  left  New  York  on  idn  Mina.  and  600  principal  hotel  in  the  city,  tl  closed  on  the  3d  inst.,  until  fu  sequence  of  the  loss  tendants.  The  Bartoi  )f  many  of  the  cler  as  an  infirmary  for  womei  Can't-Get-Away  Club  had  a  number  of  patients  their  infirmary.  The  Howard  Association  of  N  Orleans  had  returned  the  1,800  dol  hich  had  arly  days  of  the  epidemic  - STYLE=superscript  .  The  repoi  cents  in  Mobile,  for  the  week  ending  SeptembE  Tribune  estimates  the  popu  as  not  more  than  8,50(  as  low  Church  la  now  in  the  city  I  pile  other  estimates  ai  M.  E  Rev.  Ali  lied  of  yellc  was  buried  on  the  4th  inst  Our  New  York  correspondent  'Owen  fever  at  Porter  arrival  of  the  crooner  James  Reiz,  fro  ing  grounc  t  Calais,  Ala,  aerican  hooner  Gaze  English  cut  of  Dennis,  had  beer  off  Gaspe,  and  taken  into  Chdrlott  Town  .8  iro:  had  loft,  al  roaching  upon  the  Fisheries  jects.  The  names  of  t  loans  ar"
