text
"FEARFUL  30ILER  BLACKPURN.  Fly  LIVES  LOST  (FROII  OUR  OWN  I  BLACKBURN,  WEDNESDAY  A  most  fearful  boiler  explosion  took  place  this  morning  on  premises  in  Starkie-street,  occupied  as  a  weaving  shed,  by  Mr.  William  Hesketh.  In  March,  1846,  (says  a  second'  edition  of  the  local  paper),  a  similar  accident,  attended  with  fatal  results,  occurred  on  the  same  premises,  (formerly  known  as  the  Eagle  Foundry),  in  that  portion  of  the  build building  ing building  which  was  then  occupied  by  Mr.  Samuel  Rodgett.  The  scene  of  this  morning's  casualty  was  at  the  Penny-street  end  of  the  premises,  opposite  to  the  stables  of  Mr.  liugh  Briggs,  the  Fleece  Inn.  The  explosion  took  place  during  the  breakfast  half-hour  (between  eight  and  half-past),  or  the  loss  of  life  must  have  been  very  great,  there  being  from  90  to  100  hands  employed  at  the  mill.  As  it  is,  however,  five  lives  have  been  sacrificed,  and  some  six  or  eight  others  dread dreadfully  fully dreadfully  injured.  The  site  of  the  accident  is  now  one  mass  of  ruins,  amongst  which  it  would  be  impossible  to  trace  out  the  buildings  which  stood  upon  it  this  morning.  The  engine  house  was  on  the  west  side  of  Starkie-street,  about  30  yards  from  the  corner  of  Penny.street.  The  front  building  was  only  a  story  high,  but  behind  this  there  was  another  erection  two  story's  in  height,  both  being  occupied  as  weaving  sheds.  These  buildings  were  completely  .  blown  down,  as  well  as  one  engine  house  and  the  adjoining  premises  in  Starkie-  street.  The  boiler  was  a  waggon-shaped  one,  about  fourteen  feet  six  inches  in  width.  It  had  eight  cross  stays,  four  at  the  surface  of  the  water,  and  four  at  the  crown  of  the  boiler.  Besides  these,  there  were  three  or  four  diagonal  stays  and  a  longitudinal  tone.  The  force  of  the  pressure  has  con converted  verted converted  the  wagon-shape  of  the  boiler  into  an  irregular  circular  one.  We  purposely  abstain  from  any  exparte  statement  as  to  the  character  of  the  boiler,  inasmuch  as  it  will  form  the  subject  of  official  inquiry.  The  boiler  was  lifted  out  of  its  bed  and  driven  with  great  force  across  the  street,  through  the  wall  of  the  opposite  yard,  behind  Mr.  Briggs's  house,  through  the  Stable  and  partly  into  the  kitchen,  several  of  the  inmates  narrowly  escaping  destruction.  It  is  almost  incredible  that  such  a  mass  of  iron,  as  that  which  composes  the  boiler—which  was  adapted  for  a  sixteen-horse  power  engine—could  have  been  driven  through  such  solid  masonry  as  the  walls  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  street,  so  as  to  be  firmly  embedded  where  it  is  now  to  be  seen_  At  present  it  is  difficult  to  obtain  accurate  information,  but  we  believe  the  following  are  the  names  of  the  parties  killed  by  the  explosion  :  —T.  Brotherton,  twister,  John Johnstreet,  street, Johnstreet,  who  has  left  a  wife  enciente  and  five  children  ;  Thos.  Sharples,  bolt  maker,  Factory-hill,  aged  about  20  ;  William  Benn,  painter,  who  lodged  in  the  house  adjoining  the  engine  house  ;  a  child  who  was  in  bed  at  the  next  house,  that  of  William  Robinson  and  James  Clegg,  weaver.  The  under undernamed  named undernamed  are  some  of  those  who  were  injured  :—William  Ingham,  painter,  who  was  passing  at  the  time  of  the  ex explosion,  plosion, explosion,  had  his  leg  broken  and  greatly  bruised;  Betty  Duckworth,  weaver,  who  was  at  work  in  the  upper  room,  was  found  in  the  cellar,  much  hurt  ;  and  Helen  Shorrock,  weaver,  who  was  at  work  in  the  same  room,  was  much  bruised.  The  names  of  the  other  sufferers  we  have  not  been  able  to  ascertain.  One  end  of  the  boiler  was  blown  in  the  direction  of  Mr.  Talbot's  tallow  chandlery,  which  is  situated  in  the  rear  of  the  premises  occupied  by  Mr.  Hesketh.  A  man  who  was  at  work  on  Mr.  Talbot's  premises  had  a  very  narrow  escape.  A  horse  belonging  to  Mr.  West,  butcher,  was  killed  by  a  stone  thrown  from  the  building.  A  bystander,  who  was  in  Penny Pennystreet  street Pennystreet  at  the  moment  of  the  accident,  states  that  the  boiler  flew  across  the  street  just  as  if  it  had  been  a  shot  dis discharged  charged discharged  from  a  Immediately  after  the  explosion,  Messrs.  Wilding,  Shaife,  Leach,  Grime,  Sheppard,  and  Drs.  Mairland  and  Irving  were  on  the  ground,  and  rendered  every  assistance  in  their  power  to  the  parties  injured.  The  police,  under  Mr.  Marshall,  were  also  speedily  in  attendance,  and  assisted  in  keeping  order.  Parties  were  employed  to  clear  off  the  rubbish  with  a  view  to  the  extrication  of  the  bodies  supposed  to  be  buried  underneath.  It  is  presumed  that  all  have  been  got  out,  as  there  were  only  a  small  number  of  hands  on  the  premises  when  the  explosion  took  place.  The  force  of  the  explosion  was  felt  within  a  considerable  circle  around  Starkie  Street.  The  house  of  Mr.  H.  Biggs,  which  is  situated  at  the  corner  of  the  street,  has  been  greatly  injured.  It  is  probable  that  the  large  room  behind  (under (underneath  neath (underneath  which  the  boiler  was  driven)  will  have  to  be  taken  down.  A  singular  circumstance  was  noticed  on  these  pre premises  mises premises  connected  withthe  accident.  Abeam,  with  clothon  'was  driven  from  the  factory  through  a  single  pane  of  glass  into  one  of  the  rooms.  We  understand  that  the  boiler  which  has  exploded  was  about  being  replaced  by  a  new  one,  for  which  the  dimensions  had  been  taken  about  a  fortnight  or  three  weeks  ago.  It  is  said  the  boiler  has  been  in  use  about  fifteen  years.  Many  thousands  of  persons  visited  the  premises  during  the  morning.  The  mass  of  undistinguishable  ruins  which  occupy  the  space  around  the  engine-house  have  excited  the  astonishment  of  all  who  have  witnessed  them.  Bricks,  b.me  of  wood,  iron  °hafting,  loomo,  Sao.,  aro  all  sninglaa  together  in  a  confused  heap,  conveying  a  vivid  idea  of  the  awful  power  of  the  element  which  caused  this  horrible  des destruction.  truction. destruction.  As  in  other  similar  cases,  the  opinion  of  some  scientific  person  will,  no  doubt,  be  obtained  upon  the  probable  cause  of  the  accident.  Until  this  is  given  we  advisedly  reserve  the  information  which  has  reached  us  upon  the  subject."
