text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  and  proper  to  serve  in  the  capacityof  Town  Councillors.  It  is  to  be  presumed,  that  the  rate ratepayers,  payers, ratepayers,  as  a  body,  have  sufficient  knowledge  of  the  important  trust  placed  in  their  hands,  to  - STYLE=superscript  make  them  exercise  Ordinary  caution  in  the  faithful  dis discharge  charge discharge  of  it.  Will  a  merchant  receive  into  his  counting-house,  and  place  in  a  responsible  situ situation,  ation, situation,  a  person  of  whose  character  and  fitness  for  the  occupation  he  knows  nothing,  and  cares  less  ?  Will  he  deliver  to  him  his  cash-box,  and  allow  its  contents  to  be  appropriated,  all  the  while  evincing  perfect  unconcern?  Then  why  should  the  Bur Burgesses  gesses Burgesses  of  this  great  town  elect  as  their  represen representatives  tatives representatives  gentlemen  of  whose  honour,  patriotism,  uprightness,  and  efficiency,  they  possess  no  posi positive  tive positive  proof  ?  Why  permit  inefficiency  and  impo impotency  tency impotency  to  worm  itself  into  office  by  means  of  parti partizanship  zanship partizanship  ?  Why  suffer  paltry  individual  favouritisms  to  weigh  one  feather  in  the  scale  against  the  weightier  matters  of  utility  -and  nationality?  Is  public  honor  a  thing  of  straw,  to  be  flung  upon  a  dunghillo  rot?  Is  national  purity  a  lie  ?  Is  Principle  a  delusion?  If  not,  then  why  do  we  find  citizens  foregoing  those  duties  which  they  are  imperatively  bound  to  fulfil,  and  which  they.  cannot  shirk  off  their  shoulders  without  bringing  contumely  upon  themselves,  and  inflicting  calami calamities  ties calamities  upon  others  ?  Let  the  Burgesses  of  Liverpool  but  feel  that.there  is  a  solemn  trust  reposed  in  them,  and  that  supineness  which  now  threatens  to  paralyse  every  noble  sentiment,  will  at  once  cease  ;  and  there  will  be  little  chance  of  Council Councilmen  men Councilmen  disgracing  their  office  and  their  town  by  acts  which,  however  passable  they  may  be  in  dock docklabourers  labourers docklabourers  and  navvies,  are  highly  condemnable  in  those  who  put  forward  the  slightest  pretensions  to  the  character  of  We  have  no  wish  to  recall  to  the  public  mind  instances  of  perfidy  in  those  who  have  contrived  to  get  them themselves  selves themselves  into  honourable  civic  positions.  Very  likely  some  occurrences  have  not  yet  been  entirely  forgotten.  We  only  hope  that  they  will  serve  as  a  caution  for  the  future,  and  that,  once  for  all,  the  Burgesses  of  this  town  will  elect  and  return  those  on  whom  they  can  implicitly  rely.  By  this  means,  much  might  be  done  towards  lightening  the  local  taxation,  which  now  presses  like  an  incubus  upon  the  public  pocket,  and  which  is  mainly  attribu attributable  table attributable  to  very  bad  management  and  reckless  ex  travagance.  •  The  RECORDER  of  LONDON,  in  his  charge  to  the  Grand  Jury,  on  Monday,  gives  a  most  opportune  exposition  of  the  law,  on  the  subject  of  trades'  cone  bination.  At  the  present  critical  moment,  when  we  find  the  employers  and  the  working  classes  squabbling  about  a  variety  of  subjects,  in  addition,  to  the  question  of  wages,  it  is  well  to  have  the  law  so  clearly  laid  down,  and  by  so  high  an  authority.  Since  have  become  matters  of  such  frequent  occurrence  as  they  have  lately,  a  great  many  de devices  vices devices  have  been  resorted  to  in  order  to  make  those  movements  as  effective  as  possible.  In  nearly  everylcase  where  have  taken  place,  we  find  a  number  of  the  hands  have  shown  a  disposition  to  remain,  and  have  actually  continued  in  their  employment.  And  in  every  instance  of  this  kind,  it  appears  that  numerous  stratagems  have  been  tried  to  induce  them-to  turn  And  all  these  acts  come  under  the  head  of  conspiracy  on  which  subject  the  RECORDER  spoke  as  follows  :  The  case  to  which  he  should  next  direct  the  attention  of  the  jury  was  of  great  importance.  It  was  a  charge  against  certain  workmen  of  conspiring  together  to  prevent  another  workman  from  being  employed  in  the  same  estab establishment  lishment establishment  with  them.  At  the  present  moment,  when  so  many  strikes  existed  and  the  struggle  between  capital  and  labour  was  attracting  so  much  attention,  cases  of  this  nature  became  of  the  greatest  possible  public  importance.  He  saw  that  a  calculation  had  been  made  that  in  one  limited  manu manufacturing  facturing manufacturing  district  wages  to  the  amount  of  £20,000  a-week  had  been  lost,  thereby  occasioning  most  serious  injury  both  to  masters  and  workmen,  to  the  tradesmen  of  the  district,  to  the  revenues  and  also,  no  doubt,  tending  seriously  to  damage  and  disturb  the  commerce  of  the  country.  He  could  not  refrain,  therefore,  from  expressing  his  regret  that  some  means  could  not  be  devised  to  reconcile  these  unfortu unfortunate  nate unfortunate  difference.  Formerly  every  combination  among  work workmen  men workmen  for  the  purpose  of  raising  wages,  was  illegal  and  ren rendered  dered rendered  the  parties  liable  to  an  indictment  fos  misdemeanour  ;  but,  as  it  was  felt  that  this  was  a  hardship  and  was  in  some  cases  productive  of  injustice.  In  1826  an  act  of  Parlia Parliament  ment Parliament  was  passed  which  changed  that  state  of  the  law  and  legalized  combinations—either  of  masters  to  lower  the  rate  of  wages,  or  of  workmen  for  the  purpose  of  getting  them  raised.  While,  however,  this  act  of  Parliament  gave  both  to  the  employers  and  the  employed  the  privilege  of  holding  meetings  and  taking  proceedings  to  regulate  the  rate  of  wages,  it  at  the  same  tune  expressly  prohib  ited STYLE=superscript  workmen STYLE=superscript  from  doing  anything  tending  to  prevent  employers  from  taking  into  their  service  any  persons  they  pleased,  or  preventing  any  persons  from  accepting  such  employ employment.  ment. employment.  Having  thus  clearly  defined  the  law  relating  to  conspiracy,  he  next  proceeds  to  point  out  the  lega  lity  and  the  illegality  of  combinations  and  of  in  which  he  alludes  to  the  among  the  workmen  of  the  several  collieries  and  manufactories,  who  have  complained  that  the  wages  which  they  received  were  not  equal  to  the  value  of  their  services,  and  had  therefore  assembled  together  peaceably  for  the  purpose  of  consulting  and  de determining  termining determining  upon  the  rates  of  wages  they  should  re require,  quire, require,  and  in  having  entered  into  an  agreement  for  the  purpose  of  fixing  the  rates  of  wages,  the  RE-  .  CORDER  states  that  they  have  done  no  more  than  the  law  And  he  further  adds  that,  com combination  bination combination  for  that  purpose  and  to  that  extent  (if,  indeed,  it  is  to  be  called  by  that  name)  is  no  more  than  is  recognized  as  legal  by  the  Statute  6th  of  George  IV.,  by  which  statute,  also,  exactly  the  same  rate  of  combination,  to  the  same  extent  and  no  further,  is  given  to  the  masters  when  met  toge together,  ther, together,  if  they  are  of  opinion  that  the  rate  of  wages  is  too  But  while  the  law  here  sanctions  combinations,  or  rather  meetings,  to  regulate  the  remuneration  of  labour,  it  wisely  provides  the  fullest  protection  for  both  the  employers  and  employed  who  choose  to  act  on  their  own  discretion  upon  the  same  point.  The  denial  of  this  right  is  met  by  the  strongest  legal  objections,  while  we  are  bound  morally  and  politically  to  denounce  it  as  despotic  and  tyrannical  in  the  highest  degree;  and  the  RECORDER  is  per— perfectly  fectly perfectly  right  when  he  says  that  such  a  flagrant  violation  of  the  law  must  be  put  down,  and  in  all  cases  where  guilt  is  established,  by  a  proper  mea measure  sure measure  of  In  the  meantime  we  cannot  forget  that  we  are  now  alluding  to  a  subject  immediately  connected  with  two  classes  of  men—the  English,  employer  and  the  English  workman,  both  of  whom  have  long  occupied  the  highest  and  most  meritorious  posi positions  tions positions  in  the  great  circle  of  civilisation,  and  we  cannot  help  feeling  the  deepest  humiliation  when  we  find  the  former  indulging  in  expressions  of  un unjustifiable  justifiable unjustifiable  temper,  and  when  we  see  the  latter  placing  themselves  in  the  position  of  criminals,  by  resorting  to  acts  which  are  beneath  the  dignity  which  British  industry  has  won  for  itself.  In  all  matters  of  trade  men  should  be  guided  by  the  most  inflexible  integrity,  and  should  never  give  unjustly,  nor  take  improperly;  and  as  foi  the  employment  of  brute  force  and  dastardly  intimidation,  it  is  so  un  English  that  we  need  scarcely  do  more  than  pro protest  test protest  against  it,  on  the  part  of  every  working  man.  That  labour  is  the  real  capital  of  nations  is  cer certain,  tain, certain,  and  that  the  working-classes  should  be  as  jealous  of  their  rights,  and  as  watchful  of  their  interests  as  any  other  portion  of  the  community,  are  nothing  more  than  sequences  in  social  econo economy;  my; economy;  but  when  the  elements  of  political  and  cir circumstantial  cumstantial circumstantial  conditions  are  not  carefully  weighed,  the  most  erroneous  ideas  may  be  formed,  and  the  most  impracticable  means  adopted.  And  it  is  only"
