text
"French  offers  at  46.  rms.  :  No  sales  ;  20s  would  buy  common  Geddis  GWOOD  :  A  few  tons  of  Honduras  brought  £7  ADDERS:  The  stock  of  Yrclich  is  about  44s  to  455.  Nothing  doing  in  Roots.  )LASS  FS:  200  hlids  Demerara  have  been  sold  30  casks,  and  arrive  TE  OF  SODA  :  Retail  sales  at  lis  The  only  transaction  report  10  tuns  of  EiessAvA  s  done,  and  inch  may  Siiv4Ae:  900  bags  of  7 STYLE=superscript  Sicily  sold  to  lls  9d  with  very  large  buyers.  at  Ilnything  under  e  nearly  1700  bags,  of  different  week  -v6l  !scriptions,  for  the  tiad  AND  TARTARIC  ACID  :  Little  or  nothing  done,  holders  very  firm.  TALLOW  very  quiet,  at  63s  on  the  spot;  we  have  heard  of  .nothinz  for  forwad.  -- STYLE=superscript  Ddiveries  235  casks.  .  .  TEA'  The  Market  has  :been  more  active,  and  prices  of  most  kin&amp;  are  well  supporter!.  .  .  WHALE  OIL  :  £44  refused.'  &#34;'  ST.  SIMON'S  DAY  ,AND  SUNDAY  SCHOOLS  ANNUAL  TEA  PARTY  .  The  annual  tea  party  in  connection  with  the  St.  Simon's  Day  and  Sunday  Schools,  took  , STYLE=superscript  place  at  the  Concert-hall,  last  night.  The  Rev.  J.  R.  Conor  was.,in  the  chair,  and  among  those  on  the  platform  were-,-Rev.,  S.  Minton,  Rev.  R.  V.  Sheldon,  Rev.  Henry  Marlen,  Rev.  Dr.  Hume,  Rev.  Joseph  Bard.sley,  Rev.  J.  D.  Barry,  and  other  gentlemen.  The  room  was  elegantly  decorated-with  floviArs,  banners,  and  appropriate  inscriptions,  such  Church  and  State,''  &#34;'the  'Army  and  Nalry;'-&#34;  The  Love  of  Christ-eonstraineth  and  others  Tea,  coffee,  and  confectionary,  were  served,  the  pupils  of  the  'school  acting  as  very  skilful  a  graceful  attendants.  The.Chairthan  addressed  the  meeting  at  considerable  length,  principally  upon  the  prospects  of  the  new  schools  proposed  to  be  built  in  connection  with  the  St.  Simon's  parish  church.  For  this  purpose,  a  sum  of  £3;000  would  be  required,  and  as  Net  only  £.500  had  been  raised  towards  it.  A  society  had  been  organised  by  a  merchant  of  the  town,  Mr.  Torr,  for  the  purpose  of  establishing  schools  in  districts  where  there  was  a  want  felt  of  those  institutions.  (Rear,  hear.)  He  (the  chairman)  had  made  application  to  Mr.  Torr  for  some  aid  towards  these  schools,  and  Mr.  Torr  promised  that  he  should  have  £lOOO  advanced  to  him  as  soon  as  the  society  was  in  working  order.  They  would  get  £lOOO  from  government,  which  would.  make  £2500  towards  the  £3OOO,  so  that  if  they  could  get  'Mr:  Torr's  society  into  active  operation,  they  would  soon  go  The  present  schools,  he  stated,  had  worked  very  well  in  the  past  year,  and  were  now  only  £2O  in  debt,  , STYLE=superscript  which  sum,  he  felt  no  doubt,  would  bepaid  off  that  night.  The  chaitman  aLso  forcibly  urged  on  his  hearers  the  necessity  of  having  a  greater  number  of  teachers  for  the  sunday  school,  while  there  were  inch  numbers  of  young  children  wander wandering  ing wandering  about  the  streets  in  ignorarce,  and  the  temptations  to  which  ignorance  exposes,  aad  whose  miserable  condition  seemed  to  call  out  to  all  feeling  come,  teach  The  meeting  was  - STYLE=superscript  subsequently  addressed  by  Rev.  Messrs.  .  Sheldon,  Marlen,  Minton,  Hume,  Bardsley,  Barry,  &amp;c.  -  A  choir,  composed  of  pupils  of  the  schools,  was  in  and  sung,  with  great  taste  and  effect,  several  hymns.  POLICE  COURT  -YESTERDAY  (BEFORE  MR.  ROMiLLT.)  HOW  MR.  LANGLEY  WAS  TREATED.—A  gentleman  named  Edward  Langley,  who  said  ho  came  from  London,  charged  a  floe  looking  , STYLE=superscript  female,  'named  Ellen  Robinson,with  having  .  _  _  _  .  To  from.  London,  and  was  quite  a  lie  met  the  prisoner  somewhere  about  WillTanieott-Nu;  uew  yecn's  gift,  nes  of  wine  as  a  .ole  his  money  ;  and,  he  way  sae  treated.  Tli  magistrate  did  not  d  him  but  he  rtunate  in  BREAKING  Spence  and  with  stealinv  He  was  committed  for  tw  (BEFORE  HIS  . STYLE=superscript  *OB.SHIP  THE  MAYOR.)  air':  STEALING  IRON.—Daniel  Sherwood  and  Henry  Alleroftp  were`charged  with  stealing  one  and  a-half  hundred  weight  of  iron,  from  the  premises  of  Mr.  Barton,  Ashgrove,  and  with  having  sold  it  to  Mr.  Cleghorn,  who  resided  quite  near  Mr.  Bartoei:  •  The  latter'  gentleman  addressed  his  worship  and  'lad,  the  were  not  so  much  to  blame  as  the  persons  who  had  'iiven  them  in  custody?  He  •thought  Alcroft  was  drunk,  and  he  was  of  opinion  the  ,other  prisoner  had  acted  under  his  directions.  He  'Would  take  them  into  his  employ..  taunt  again,  but  the  witnesses  he  would  not  employ  any  more.  The'prisoners  were  discharged.  •  .:  •  A  STOLEN  WATCH.—CURIOUS  AFFAlR,—George  and  Mary  Tellett,  young  persons  of  respectable  appearance,,  were  charged  under  the  .  following  circumstances.:—Mr.  Godfrey  appeared  for  the  prisoners.'  The  story  of  the  easels  as  fellowe—  On  the  21st  November  last,  a  master  joiner,  named  Joseph.  Cowden,  froni  Halifax,  in  Yorkshire,  was  in  Liverpool,  and  whilst  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  he  lest  ,  his  watch,  but  he  could  not  tell  how,  nor  anything  about  it,  except  that  ;  it  was  gone  somewhere  near  London-road.  On  the  morning  of  the  22nd,  a  printed  notice  was  issued,  and  Mr.  Clough  said  there  was  a  copy  'served  on  all.  the  .pawnbrokers  in  town.  On  the  same  day  the  , STYLE=superscript  watch  was  pledged  at  1I  r.  Webbs,  of  Mount  Pleasant,  where  it  remained  until  Wed Wednesday,  nesday, Wednesday,  when  it  was  released,  and  in  a  shOrt'time  after  it  was  stopped  by  a  young  man  doing  business  at  Mr.  Parley's  pawnshop,  London-road,  when  offered  'for  pledge  by  the  prisoners.  The  yoang  man  said  'he  had  i'description  of  the  watch  from  the  22nd  Nov.,  and  the  moment  he  saw  it  he  recognised  it,  and  gave  the  prisoners  into  custody.  Mr:  Webb's  representative,  in  reply  to  Mr.  Clough,  denied  that  he  ever  had  a  police  notice  of  the  watch  at  all.  Ultimately,  the  female,  being  the  wife  of  the  prisoner,  was  discharged,  and  he  was  committed  for  a  month,  for  not  being  able  to  account  for  how  he  came  by  the  watch.  The  article  was  restored  to  its  owner.  CAPTURE  OF  Two  FORGERS.—Too  notorious  forginrs,  named  William  Stranges  and  Thomas  Be*,  were  Captured  at  Eton  on.  Saturday  last,  charged  with-having  forged  the  name  of  the  Earl  of  Digby  to  two  .  oheques  on  his  lordship's  bankers,  Messrs.  Hoare,  of  Fleet-street,  for  the  respective  that  ts  on  n  f  fif  ty  that  p  pounds  s  2  27th  hd  oNnoevtnbdecredlpasottm  Me  ssrs.  dg.  It  appears  Hoare  received  a  cheque  by  poSt,  enc  l  osed  in  a  letter  signed  Mrs.  Mary  Harris,  purporting:to  be  drawn  by  the  E  ar  l  o  f  Digby.  The  writ  er  o  f  the  letter  requested  the  money  might  be  remitted  in  Bank  of  England  notes  to  Mrs.  Mary  Ha  r STYLE=superscript  rris,  Marrow,  near  Guildford,  Surrey,  and  Messrs.  Hoare  having  no,  suspicion  of  the  forgery  sent  the  money  accordingly.  On  Friday  last,  the  28th  Dec.,  acre  Hoare  received  a  second  letter,  dated  12,  High High:ton'  :ton' High:ton'  Bucks,  and  bearing  th  e  p  os  t  mar  k  o  f  t  h  at  own,  enclos  ing  a  cheque  for  one  hundred  pounds,  signed  3igby,  payable  to  Octavius  Wingfield,  Esq.,  and  request requestng  ng requestng  that  the  cheque  might  be  honoured  by  two  £5O  Bank  of  England  notes.  This  letter  aroused  the  suspicion  of  the  corresponding  clerk,  to  whom  the  letter  was  handed,  and  the  firm  at  once  instructed  their  solicitors,  Messrs.  Blake  &amp;  Co.,  Essex-street,  Strand,  to  investigate  tho  matter.  Accordingly  a  gentleman  connected  with  the  solicitors'  office  immediately  proceeded  to  Windsor.  Th  e  result  was  that  the  prisoners  were  apprehended  on  the  morning  of  Saturday  lastigh!sttapept,  Eton,earedf  asrowmthaebeevarid-seiniocre  that  the  house  No.  12,  Hre  kept  by  a  man  named  Allen,  and  the  prisoners  ,  had  requested  permission  to  have  a  letter  directed  there  -in  the  name  of  Wingfield.  Mason  (an  officer)  was  in  thek  tap-room  in  the  disguise  of  a  bricklayer,  and  when  the  prisoners  applied  for  the  letter  which  had  been  posted  in  London,  he  took  tnem  into  custody.  Horsford,  an  officer  of  the  Mendicity  Society,  deposed  that  one  of  the  pri prisoners'  soners' prisoners'  (Thomas STYLE=superscript  Bew)  was  well  acquainted  with  Lord  Digby's  handwriting,  having  obtained  several  cheques  from  his  lordship  under  false  pretences.  On  the  last  occasion,  at  the  end  of  the  year  1831,  the  prisoner  obtained  from  his  lordship  a  cheque  for  £25,  by  representinz  that  he  was  a  Captain  Newton,  for  which  offence  1:c  w  . STYLE=superscript  1.•:  tried  and  convicted  at  the  0:d  Bailey  in  D.  , STYLE=superscript  et.mbt  rof  till  year.  and  sentenced  ti  e  was  a  w  swindlers  and  t  Both  pin  .g-letter.  both  I  n  repeatedly  convicted.  The  prisoners,  who  are  spectably  dressed,  were  fully  committed  for  trial  at  the  Lent  assizes  for  sucks."
