text
"d  men,  named  street,  appeared  to  charge  two  well-dres  John  Mc  Green,  and  William  Gib'so  down  at  half-past'eleven&#34;  Oa'  Thursday  nignu,  end,  of  Elliott-street,  and  making  an  attempt  _to  rob_  hin  He  said,  they:Walked  deliberately  over  to'  him,  and  that  'h  we  them  no  provocation  Whatever.  Whilst  down,  he  felt  'ends  on  He  never  saw  either  of  the  men  7,  with  .Ic.llQcl4  their  h  before  person  bah  the  police  and  some  people  came  -up  imme immediately  diately immediately  after,  .or  he  believed  he  shou.ld  have  been  robbed.  McGuffen,  in  defence,  stated  that  the  provocation  had  been  given  to  them  by  the  Complainant,  and  he  denied  attempting  to  rob  him.  lie  had  known  complainant  all,  his  ,  life,  and  had  often  met  him  in  company,  and  on  one  occasion,  saved  his  mill  from  being  was  not  the  case  tc  either  of  the  prisoi  .  ,  Complainant  - STYLE=superscript  swore  such  .  The  first  time  he  saw  s  was  during  in  Elliott-street  fendants  were  resp  charge,  as  made,  was  a  most  singular  one  ;  but  1  Mr.  Clough  ,st  both  the  de defazistrato  fazistrato defazistrato  said,'  the  Wed.  th  The  ectable  men  clear  that  there  was  no  intention  of  a  robbery.  The  prisoners  would  be  discharged,  .and  Mr,  might  'amnion  for  an  assault  VELONIOUSLY  ENTERING.  A  DIVELLING-ROUSE.--Patrick  Kelly  was  br  ought  forward  - STYLE=superscript  by  officer  142,  who  said,  that  at  twenty  minutes  to  eight  'on  Tuesday  ev'ening,'  lie  arrested  prisoner  in  the  ..use  of  a  lady  named  Booth  Cross,  d  with  being  found  by  the  servant  girt  in  one  of  the  bedrooms,  having  u  bundle  of  wearing  apparel  ready  made  up  ,to,  take  away.  A  gentleman  stated  that  he  saw  the  prisoner  outside  on  the  same  evening  with  a  regular,  gang  of  young  thieves_,  - STYLE=superscript  evidently  making  the  The  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  said,  the:  prisoner  was,  convicted  of  a  most  offence,  and  must  be  imprisoned  for  three  months.  - STYLE=superscript  -  YOUNG  BEcarrxins.—.Tatnes'  ilierlcalf,  Thomas  'Kellard,-  Willeam  Buckley,  and  George  Price,  four  .little  boys,  not  of  'had  appearance,  were  put  forward,  from  remand,'  charged  with  stealing  clothes  from  a  line  at  the  back  of  Upperliaker.  , STYLE=superscript  street.  An  officer  stated  that  he  had  taken  three  of  them  out  of  the  gallery  of  the  Adelphi  Thokre.  The  mother  of  one  of  them  was  also  there  drunk.:  The  mothers  and  sisters  here  entered  the  court  in  tears.  They  were  all  respectable  looking  persons.  The  magistrates  said  if  they  allowed  and  encouraged  the  boys  to  go  to  theatres  and  wan wander  der wander  about,  they  would  effect  their  ruin.  It  was  i  sad  thing  to  witness  such  depravity.  The  prisoners  were:  dischargd,  the  magistrate  requesting  their  parents  to  take  care  of  them.  CIIARGE  or  STEALING  MONEY  •  AND  Goons.--,Tames  Hamlet,  a  respectable  looking  youth,  was  charged,  by  his  own  family,  with  stealing  from  their  residence,  Kirkdale  , STYLE=superscript  road,  a  quantity  of  valuable  wearing  apparel,  a  :watch,  and  eight  sovereigns.  The  case,  which  was  a  very  painful  one,  was  remanded  for  seven  days.  serious  CLAIM  FOR  SEAMAN'S  AGES.—Mr.  Bluck,  instructed  for  William  Gibbs,  seaman,  claimed  about  'EH  wages  from  Donald  Gunne,  captain  of  the  returned  from  Nova  Scotia.  Against  this  was  - STYLE=superscript  a  set  off  by  the  captain  £3  Os.,  and  £7  19s.  4d.  for  cash  and  tobacco:  It  appeared  to  the  magistrate  ,that  the  fines  were  legally  imposed,  ac-  cording  to  the  letter  of  the  Act,  that  the  offences  and  direlic direlictions  tions direlictions  of  duty  had  actually  occurred,  that  the  bill  for  cash  and  tobacco  was  fairly  due.  The  case  was  dismissed.  •"
