text
"CRAYON  SKETCHES.  BY  COUNT  DE  GABALIS.  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Tinzes.  NO.  111.  THE  LATE  JAMES  ROCHE,  ESQ  ,  OF  CORK.  (The  learned  of  the  Gentleman's  Magazine.)  (Continued  from  our  last.)  He  returned  after  some  days'  repose  to  his  rein  tives  in  BordeauX,  and  tarried  there  ,for  a  couple  of  years,  at  the  urgent  solicitation  of  numerous  friends,  who  were  anxious  to  obtain  the  restoration  of  the  family  property.  In  this  effort  they  were  partially  successful  ;  but  for  many  reasons  of  a  private  nature,  he  was  resolved  on  seeking  once  more  the  security  of  British  protection.  In  1797  he  therefore  returned  to  London.  It  was  not  to  be  wondered  at  that  he  felt  the  period  of  his  Parisian  confinement  had  been  neither  useless  nor  ill-timed,  since  he  spent  the  next  three  years—to  many  of  his  fellow-countrymen  doleful  and  disastrous  in  the  exreme—off  and  on  between  Dublin  and  Lon London,  don, London,  in  comparative  tranquillity.  He  had  under undergone  gone undergone  le  scrutin  epuratoire,  he  declares  himself,  in  order  to  obtain  his  certificat  de  civisme,  previous  to  his  discharge  from  his  French  prison  ;  and  we  have  no  doubt  but  he  passed  most  satisfactorily.  The  Mind  had  been  reduced  to  a  temperature  that  would  enable  him  to  pass  current  through  the  world,  and  which  never  seems,  through  all  the  fluctuations  of  aftertime,  to  have  sustained  a  ruffle  again.  A  great  deal  of  this  rare  equanimity  may  have  been,  however,  acquired.  from  4--  naa  been  for  some  years  devoted,  and  which  he  now  resumed  with  an  energy  that  rendered  it  thenceforward  rather  a  recreation  otherwise.tl.  4  an  ti,t  hertiitil  of  mercantile  life  was  before  him,  for  his  brother  Stephen  Rodle  fl  been  importuned  to  establish  a  bank  in  the  province  of  Airnabi.,  and  offered  the  now  matured  subject  of  our  notice  a  partnership  in  the  concern.  He  accordingly  accepted  it.  'The  bank  was  to  be  in  the  south  of  Ireland  ;  so  they.  opened  at  Cork,  in  the  first  year  of  the  present  century,  under  very  favour favourable  able favourable  expectations.  The  brothers  bad  the  singular  fortune  to  marry  two  sisters,  relatives  of  the  Right  Rev.  Dr.  Moylen,  then  Roman  Catholic  Bishop  of  the  Diocese.  The  bank  of  Stephen  and  James  Roche  prospered  so  well  for  many  years,  that  no  one  thought  it  possible  that  such  a  fatality  as  a  failure  could  ever  occur  to  it  ;  but  the  sudden  peace  after  the  continental  war,  and  the  war  prices,  dami  ed  and  knocked  many  a  thriving  establish establishment  ment establishment  in  Ireland  and  elsewhere,  and  amongst  the  rest  the  well-known  bank  on  Camden  Quay.  We  can  well  recollect  the  first  announcement  of  the  failure,  though  now  thirty-eight  years  ago,  and  can  distinctly  recall  some  of  the  local  effects  of  the  astounding  intelligence.  The  partners  were  men  well  versed  in  the  line  of  business  they  had  chosen,  expert,  intelligent,  high-minded  and  honorable  ;  but  it  was  bruited  abroad.  at  the  time,  and  by  men  who  could  see  far  into  the  mysteries  of  the  banking  system,  and  whose  opinions  were  of  weight,  that  they  had  been  over-indulgent  in  their  accommoda accommodations,  tions, accommodations,  and  had  met  with•keen  customers.  But  so  wags  the  world.  The  arrangement  of  their  affairs  raised  the  brothers,  if  poSsible,  still  higher  than  before  in  public  estimation.  A  princely  library  —  collected  with  great  care  and  at  considerable  ex expense,  pense, expense,  of  the  most  rare  and  recherche  description,  the  labour  and  selection  of  years  and  the  fruit  of  unexampled  learning  and  cultivated  taste—was  readily  surrendered  by  Mr.  James  Roche  to  his  creditors.  Every  available  species  of  property  was  given  up  by  the  brothers  ;  everything  was  done  to  meet  their  heavy  responsibilities  which  high  honor  and  strict  integrity  could  dictate.  The  cre creditors  ditors creditors  were  so.impressed  with  the  nature  and  extent  of  Mr.  James  Roche's  personal  sacrifice  that  they  solicited  him  to  make  unlimited  selection  of  such  works  as  might  be  most  useful  or  most  agreeable  for  future  recreation.  Such  conduct  speaks  highly  for  both  parties.  kp  Kitt.  •  '  VP  -  '  -  ';',,No  - STYLE=superscript  i,'  London  became  once,  more  ?44,.ch.v5i...a-L  Tetrea,  'A  Mr.  Roche,_  where  he  deyote  'h.  ~,.  and  Ivonderful  poviers  of  apPlic.:'  . STYLE=superscript  ...  :,  j  sition  of  various  articles  which  heet:  N  .  it  t  ,  the  admiration  of  all.  He  never  woo  _4  c  VT  reverse,  of  fortune.!  His  mind  -apriAti  ,  -.MI  httk  en  tirely  above  it.  We  have  no  means  exactly,  at  present,  Of  ascertaining  the  exact  petio4  WlTiinairri  valuable  , STYLE=superscript  and  reondito  coritributiMist  conainbcccl.  in  the  Gentle7llan's'2llitgazinc;  . STYLE=superscript  bt.''we  areitiklosed  to  think  that  they  must  bave'been'  briginWiM'Whout  this  time.  '  Ever  since  they  have  conthitiM2io  be  'poured  into  the  ptiges  'of  this  admirably  Wt-tt  and  curious  periodical,  until  his  initials  (jl4,l;§earno  redolent  and  ,c;ha.racteristic  of  ,the  rich,,  l  l  ,  t,Reeti,  elaborate,  Elizabethan-Pike;  style  'cif  his  ennnV,lpi  --  fifir  tionscompTehensive  in  research,  minutq,i+M},tw  T  ,  truthful  and.  copioits  in  detail;  till  nothing  f  m§4iff  vfig  unwritten  which  could  coil  itt  plete  his  i»eaninorpg4  perfect  his  picture:  ''  ''  -  '  '  (.1  :  - STYLE=superscript  )4  - STYLE=superscript  1  oT  In  -Paris,  Mr.  Roche  bad  been  liniren  *  Ol  /..  cultivate  the  society  of  all  the  scieniitic-aildilifelMii-..q  I  L  .  men  Who  were  enabled  .affildstuithe  fiu,ettriatitiaj'ag  reverses,  and  rain  of  the  time  ,- STYLE=superscript  't  6 STYLE=superscript  illti.Chimitgl  6  Js:  :,(/Inns;  the  capital,  .when  though  .yonng;  29 STYLE=superscript  '  /la  extraordinary  abilities  had  already  betrayed.ok  w  selves.  Now,  with  a  mind  far  more  . STYLE=superscript  Matured,:agl  a  -concentrated  in  the  ,  British,  intropolis,  he  - STYLE=superscript  ivits_-___  4  sought:after  '  and  Cotirted;lii  i  tOleYFk  V  'Ailliti  Ofer  great  whom  his.  ii  um  enSe  til  IW:`i  :  lli,  :.,  V  ,  •  itii  i STYLE=superscript  ,Aid.K..,  mg  :,,ml.  curious  research,  together  i'v,';  :(114,0  ,  - STYLE=superscript  „  manly.and.  amiable_  manners  and  lirininp'„  Ok?,1-Xl  i  si  l  i  !neat  rendered  an  aeoeptable  and  welcome  ilsoo  r  *...  Jo  i  'The  anecdotes  which  he  relates  .of  these'daysi  r  ipn,  K  {  given  in  many  casual  and  diverse  papers,  bit,4,,OrPplo  all  highly  illustrative  of  men  and  thing§.  One  justaxt  recurs  touts,  which  we  give,  not  by  way,  of  .selec.;-.  tion,  but  as  the  readiest  to  our  recollection.  A  Cork  merchant  of  the  naine.of  Luke  O'Shea,  who  resided  in  one  of  those  incongruous.  repAsses,r.  perhaps  facetiously  called  squares  in  that  facetious  and  fun-loving  capital  of  South  Munsterbaskclia  some  fifty  years  since  when  lotteries  were,allikevopsii.t.  commissioned  his  brothers  to  purchase  .  ifirlp  [loud  lottery  ticket,  by  the  agency  of  their  Loikde4.o  o STYLE=superscript  correspondent,  Mr.  Barnewell,  - STYLE=superscript  Which  weirs  '11,&amp;13,4  1-11 STYLE=superscript  P  ingly  done.  Before,  the  answer  could  botransinsi  Ttifnd  however,  the  ticket  SO  purchased  . STYLE=superscript  fOi  r STYLE=superscript  .ratice,  O'A  4',,.  d  .  ‘vas  - STYLE=superscript  d  - STYLE=superscript  rawn.-a-riz  c-  -6f-424.  3  7  043444  ;  aticlirEff-0G1F.264-a  S  nil.____  advice  of  the  purchase  hail  egbne  forward,  Mr.  •  Robert,  Barnewell,  if  he  had  so  willed  it,  -might—,  hav&amp;rel.ained  the  fortunate,  ono  and  transmit  - STYLE=superscript  4  •  some  ::other  ticket.  But  ,iioi,,  l!the  , STYLE=superscript  high-inthilf  it STYLE=superscript  dir  merchant  dispatched  at  once,an4icoOthita:bfilltii..(l  O'Shea's  good  fortune;  - STYLE=superscript  togeth  - STYLE=superscript  er  -  - STYLE=superscript  with  the  - STYLE=superscript  Bunk  order  for  the  amotifill..l  !vas  immediately  christened  in  pr6irinci  al  4 STYLE=superscript  pftritine:)e,  !  LiiiiVe  O'Shea.  The  fortunate'  Winner  ird.i6diikil  heaikl  idir  ( STYLE=superscript  fli6ll4iitfl  turn  of  the  wheel  than  he  set'  otiti  feYrjfhe'4ilpital.,./  where  he  had  his  portraifoltawriliy  l STYLE=superscript  gart  l STYLE=superscript  iti  t STYLE=superscript  'Aicliee  T STYLE=superscript  She  e.—then  cotninen  c4l  i  i  liB'  j  ,  111!  , STYLE=superscript  ,T  .  3  4481'—i  tg  :  •  •  ,  ,  4r  s  it  s  oi  lt  yr  - STYLE=superscript  )3  -,  lift  a  cavalry  V  lAunteei  . STYLE=superscript  ,  v31,1;:,!L  91z  . STYLE=superscript  vg,tii1.1  - STYLE=superscript  1  ::t8',101444.  0  ,-,  .  to  the  chariot  of  the  suii  i  mt  kg  ,Inti  u  p  hiSß.,gi  iii  4  -  •  4  was-  of,  such  extreme  ,climensloim4hat,,  i  ikif  i  tme44  the  side  of  a  yery.  loge  :,1141,;Stlel.t)  was,-,419,a  exuberance  - STYLE=superscript  of  - STYLE=superscript  his  -Celtic—pritle--:  -  Hit  paternal  ..  property  was  known  to.belnEkiiky  moderate  extent;  but  thus  suddenly  smiled  upon  by  Dame.  Fortune,„...  he  .  married  Miss  .  Connor,  and  deterinined„,witlt  t  ,.  the  blessing  of  Providence,  on,  the  eontinuauev  of  his  fortunate  name  and  lineage-.  A  .-,A1r....rk  closed  his  statement  by  observing  that  the  I..oßkil  house  of  Robert  BarnoVell  aria  Sons,  the  diants  alluded  ti),  was  in  f STYLE=superscript  A•efy  p,.)int  of  ) STYLE=superscript  rf4iit  )l STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  oth  socially  and  c9ul.  ,  inereiall'Y'Vi,l2:hly  resii.eatAlV.°'  ripn  the  elder  of  the  firm  flea  started  - STYLE=superscript  the  netropediS;  . STYLE=superscript  he  opened  an  aec9unt,  'in  1767,  att‘'s  Messrs.  Fuller's  bank  at  the  same  time  with  threl‘.  7 STYLE=superscript  \  othpr  Irish  gentlemen,  but  which  euccesei  - STYLE=superscript  olly  had  given  .way•  in  the,  rum  of  \commercial  aunt  ationee.S,l  while  the  establishment  of  the  Baraewell'o,  havth.,  only  increased  in  mercantile  opulence  and  pros prosperity.  perity. prosperity.  This  character  seems  only  commensurate  with  the  integrity  of  the  founder.  They  were  the  eldest  branch  of  the  old  baronets  of  Greenanstown,  who  were  created  in  1622,  and  though  of  infirm  title,  are  senior  to  the  barons  of  Trimleston,  one  of  the  few  remaining  peerages  of  the  Plantaganet  creation.  The  Cheshire  Stanleys  are  similarly  circumstanced  with  respect  to  the  Earls  of  Derby,  .  and  many  other  instances  of  like  import  may  be  found  in  the  peerage.  The  late  Earl  of  Dudley  had  intended  to  avail  himself  of  the  valuable  services  of  Mr.  Roche,  whose  character  and  abilities  he  highly  appreciated  by  engaging  him  in  the  arduous'  but  approPtiate,'  situation  of  private  secretary  at  the  time  that  he,  was  himself  in  possession  of  the  portfolio  Ors  foreign  affairs.  Nothing  could  be  more  suitable'  to  Mr.  Roche  than  such  a  .  post,  wbese.,,,flu.en  i  t  ra  command  of  foreign  languages  and  extraordinary  endowments  . STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  -would  have  rendered  , STYLE=superscript  invAlttable  ;  in  filling  it.  But,  strange  to  say,  a•  eingulur  .but  unexpected  obstacle  presented  itself  to  theieonlie  pletion  - STYLE=superscript  of  So  desirable.  arr  , STYLE=superscript  event:  Mr:  Rochdale  hand  Writing  was'  so  very  rainuter:-  that  iterr  could  be  scarcely  deemed  a  difficulty  with  him  VP''  , STYLE=superscript  copy  the  Lord's  Prayer  Within  the  compass  of'  it's  sixpenny  token  ;  while  my  Lerd  Dudley  was  so  short-sighted:  that  he  could  scarcely  read  ,it,  at  all  !  Mr.  Roche  again  sought  the  French  capital,.  where  he  continued  to  reside,  from  the  ,year  .  , STYLE=superscript  1829,  until  1832,  and  then  once  more  returned  to  his  na native  tive native  country  When  the  National  Bank  was  Rstai  Wished  in  Cork,  he  had  been  nominated  as  one,o(e  the  directors,  and  up  to  the  period  of  his  deethy,e  continued  to  fulfil  the  duties  of  local  director.  It  is  needless  to  remark  that  his  presidency  gave  unii,l  versal  satisfaction.  He  was  president  also  of  the'  royal  Cork  institution,  president  of  the  Cork  library  . STYLE=superscript  1  society,  president  of  the  school  of  desigo,  which  was  lately  established,  chairman  of  .  the  bench  of'  ) STYLE=superscript  magistrates  for  the  borough  of  Cork,  and  chairmini,  of  the  Queen's  College  committee  ;  in  fact,  hip  local  position,  and  literary  attainments,  peettliarly,  qualified  him  for  such  appointments.  He  .was,  moreover,  by  no  means  insensible  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  PerSonal  gratification  of  having  to  fulfil  the  duties  of  thOse  respective  offices.  It  was  the  only  earthy  mixture'  in  the  pure  and  refined  mould  of  his  extraordinary  composition.  There  is  nOthingparticillarly  attrac attractive  tive attractive  to  strike  the  eye,  either  architecturally  or  other-.  wise,  in  the  building  appropriated  to  the  National  Bank,  on  the  South  Mall  ;  yet,  to  us,  it  seems  so  mixed  up  with  the  man,  his  genius  and  learning,  and  so  thoroughly  identified  in  our  mind  wilh•the  sluvele‘.es,u7el;celreilnttii?_lith,oeifmpteluipboslieteipm,m,  er;ac  Is,roiBefouffi  x  llea  :  )  l  a  the  sterling  lore  of  the  ancient  times,  and  the  startling  recollections  of  modern  days,  that  no  structure  of  far  greater  pretension,  or  more  ornate  design,  could  be  half  so  productive  of  the  enjoyment  which  we  have  derived  from  its  contemplation.  -  The  historian  Robertson  is  reported  by  his  able!  biographer,  Lord  Brougham,  with  an  impartiality  that  dot  uirri  special  honour,  as  a  descendant,  as  liable  to  censure.  n,  finds  reason  to  lament  that  his  aintance  with  `-l STYLE=superscript  history  should  iTavZ STYLE=superscript  ina,,  eat  scenes  and  ienhtaimraaetteersacolu  Li  m  too  familiar  with  the  crimes  of  'exal  t STYLE=superscript  ed  characters,-  so  as  to  suppress  the  full  measure  of  reprobation.  Although  no  perfectly  consistent  comparison  can  be  drawn  between  him  and  Mr.  James  Roche,  since  he  never  attempted  anything  like  a  complete  histo historical  rical historical  work;  yet,  as  many  of  his  articles  will  neces necessarily  sarily necessarily  become  like  landmarks  and  guiding  stones  to  the  future  historian,  it  may  not  be  entirely  mis  4!  placed  ;  and  of  him  it  may  be  justly  boasted  that  he  has  never  swerved  from  the  strict  line  of  'duty:  He  has  never  allowed  any  act,  matter,  person,  or  occurrence,  to  pass  the  ordeal  of  his  unbiaSsed  and  discriminate  judgment  without  receiving  its  proper  amount  of  animadversion.  His  cas castigation  tigation castigation  we  have  known  at  times,  as  in  the  case  of  Robespierre,  to  be  fearfully  severe.  It  is  a  matter  to  be  regretted,  that  he  did  not  think  fit  to  combine  his  various  rare  and  valuable  papers  in  some  historical  or  chronological  order,  since  they  would  thus  acquire  'un  importance  and  uniformity  which  would  render  them  a  pictorial  series  of  unequalled  attractiov.  But  whether  from  the  constant  requireMentS  - STYLE=superscript  Or  mercantile  life  in  the  disposal  of  his  time,  or  the  rapidity  with  which  his  pen  discharged  his  won wondrous  drous wondrous  reminiscences,  like  the  overflowings  of  his  conversation,  nothing  of  the  kind  ever  seems  to  have  suggested  itself.  He  wrote  as  he  spoke,  while  every  anecdote  elicited  its  own  illustrations,  until  the  whole  article  was  thrown  off  with  all  the  sub substance  stance substance  and  spirit,  and  every  sign  and  tokeri,  , STYLE=superscript  though  hastily  done,  of  an  elaborate  performance.  We  retain  some  of  these  papers  at  present  in  our  pos possession  session possession  which  had  been,  not  long  since,  furnished  to  us  for  the  Cork  Magazine,  and  they  are  indicative  alike  of  the  rich  fertility  of  the  mind  and  the  intense  rapidity  of  the  composition.'  His  mental  faculties  actually  seemed  to  constitute  a  panorama  of  their  own,  and  the  pen,  his  instrument,.  had  nothing  more  to  do,  as  it  were,.  than  make  out  copies  as  fast  as  physically  the  work  could  be  done.  Lei  IV  LYLLLLIG.K4VCE.  YORX  AND  NORTH  MIDLAND  RAILWAY  V.  HUDSON.  .  This  case  was  brought  before  the  court  on  further  direc directions  tions directions  and  on  motion,  to  vary  the  certificate  of  the  chief  clerk  of  the  Master  of  the  Rolls,  approved  of  by  his  Honor  as  to  theLninotnit  which  defendant  was  to  be  called  upon  to  pay  into  court  after  having  taken  the  accounts  directed  by  the  decree.  Before  the  motion  was  heard  on  its  merits  a  dis discussion  cussion discussion  took  place  as  to  whether  it  could  be  heard  at  all,  whether  it  was  not  the  intention  of  the  orders  that  a  matter  should  not  be  argued  by  solicitors  in  chambers,  and  again  b  ',counsel  before  the  same  judge  in  court:  His  Honor  declared  his  opinion  that  the  intention  of  the  orders  was,  that  no  matter  should  be  twice  argued  before  the  same  judge,  and  he  should  act  on  that  opinion  in  all  future  cases;  having  regard  to  the  novelty  of  the  new  prac practice,  tice, practice,  he  would  permit  the  question  to  be  argued  again  before  him  in  open  court.  Mr.  Rolt,  who  appeared  for  the  defendant,  then  addressed  the  court  in  support,  of  the  motion,  which  was  substantially  a  motion  to  reduce  the  amount  which  defendant  was  or ordered  dered ordered  to  pay.  The  first  item  on  which  he  moved  a  reduc reduction  tion reduction  was  in  respect  of  300  East  and  West  Riding  Extension  Shares  for  which  defendant  was  charged  in  the  certificate  with  i  8,400.  The  company  passed  a  resolution  that  38,500  of  the  50,000  East  and  West  Riding  Extension  Shares  should  be  allocated  among  the  shareholders  of  the  company,  and  that  the  remaining  11,500  should  be  at  the  disposal  of  the  directors.  9,000  of  the  11,500  shares  were  entered  in  Islr,  Hudson's  name  in  the  shareholders'  registry  at  the  end  of  the  alphabetical  list,  but  in  December,  1849,  300  of  these  shares  were  transferred  to  his  name  in  the  regular  alpha alphabetical  betical alphabetical  order,  and  he  paid  the  calls  due  in  respect  of  them,  and.  received  the  dividends  from  that  time.  In  taking  the  accounts  the  chief  clerk  had  charged  Mr.  Hudson  with  the  vice,,of,  the  300  shares  on  the  day  they  were  so  transferred  to  him.  *The  'decree  declared  that  the  defendant  was  a  trustee  of  the  company  for  these  shares,  and  that  he  should  *count  for  the  profit  of  the  shares  disposed  of  by  him,  or  by  any  person  or  persons  by  his  order,  in  his  character  of  chairman  or  director  of  the  company.  Mr.  Hudson  sold  these  shares  in  1849  for  4,5751.  only,  and  it  was  now  sought  tn  reduce  the  item  from  8,4001.  to  4,5751.  His  Honour,  without  waling  on  the  counsel  for  the  com company  pany company  to  reply,  held  that  the  transfer  in  the  snare  book  from  -the  end  of  the  book  to  Mr.  Hudson's  name  in  the  alpha alphabetiCal  betiCal alphabetiCal  list  was  a  disposal  of  the  shares  within  the  meaning  of  the  decree.  From  that  day  he  paid  the  calls,  and  re re,ceived  ,ceived re,ceived  the  dividends,  and  became  the  owner  of  the  shares.  He  was,  therefore,  properly  charged  with  the  price  of  the  -shares  as  transferred  to  him,  and  as  no  money  passed,  it  was  wpioper  to  charge  him  with,the  price  of  the  shares  on  the  day  ,7they  were  transferred.  He  should  not,  therefore,  vary  the  certificate  so  far  at  related  to  that  item.  The  next  item  objected  to  was  2,3371.  10s..  in  respect  of  _lOO  shares  transferred  to  Richard  Nicholson.  Plaintiff  ad admitted  mitted admitted  that  Mr.  Hudson  was  not  to  be  charged  with  1,800  shares.  ..Mr.  Gray  proved  that  200  of  those  1,800  shares  were  as assigned  signed assigned  to  Mr.  Nicholson,  but  Mr.  Hudson  had  been  charged  watt?  100  of  those  200  shares.  /e  arauments  on  this  item  were  proceeding  when  the  court  rose.  .  ,  f  •  SMITH  V.  THE  ROYAL  MAIL  STEAM  NAVIGATION  COMPANY.  This  case  was  resumed  on  Friday.  Mr.  Sergeant  Byles,  after  further  evidence  was  given  for  the  plaintiff,  ad addressed  dressed addressed  the  jury  for  the  defence,  and  concluded  by  stating  that  he  trusted  the  jury  would  bear  the  defendants'  case  with  the:  same  impartiality  that  they  had  heard  the  plaintiff's,  and  that  in  the  result  they  would  give  a  verdict  for  the  defend defend-rf-ants.  -rf-ants. defend-rf-ants.  But  even  if  they  should  be  of  opinion  that  their  ver verxf,dict  xf,dict verxf,dict  must  be  for  the  plaintiff,  he  submitted  that  a  small  amount  of  damages  would  meet  the  merits  of  the  case.  There  yfere  . STYLE=superscript  eleyen  actions  already,  and  if  the  jury  gave  a  verdict  tlibliraintiff,  there  would  be  twenty  more  by  the  other  ikimidAass  passengers,  and  all  these  carrying  the  costs  against  the  company.  Captain  James  Simpson  Hutton  explained  the  cause  of  the  •  delay,  which  arose  from  the  breaking  of  a  portion  of  the  machinery.  He  stated  that  the  quality  of  the  provisions  was  good,  and  the  quantity  abundant.  Some  articles  are  always  bad  in  part,  but  any  of  that  kind  they  found  were  always  thrown  away.  ,  ';f  lNr.  John  Algar,  purser  of  the  ship,  and  the  doctor,  Mr.  lloneywood,  gave  evidence  in  support  of  the  defendants'  _  case,  corroborating  that  of  the  captain:  ;Mr.  Green,lof  the,  firm  of  Linklater  and  Co.,  Mark-lane,  who  supplied  the  ship,  depoied  that  his  house  gave  first  quality  provisions  for  the  ,  ship.  Their  account  was  £2,659  2s.  9d.  The  case  was  adjourned.  On  Saturday  the  case  came  on  again,  and  at  three  o'clock  on  that  day,  the  trial  having  concluded,  there  was  a  verdict  for  plaintiff—damages,  £7O.  In  the  eleven  other  cases  ver verdicts  dicts verdicts  of  £5O  were  entered  by  consent.  DOWDAL  V  SAME  COMPANY.  This  was  an  action  brought  against  the  same  company  for  having  dismissed  the  plaintiff  from  his  office  of  purser  of  the  Australian  mail-ship,  on  her  unsuccessful  attempt  to  clear  the  channel  in  April  last.  Verdict  for  plaintiff  £4O,  in  addition  to  £22  paid  into  court.,  TURNER,  r.  TEE  MIDLAND  RAILWAY  COMPANY.—LIABITaTv  Fax  LTSCIOACIM.  Thu  plaintiff  is  a  commercial  traveller,  and  on  the  28th  October,  1852,  had  gone  in  an  omnibus  from  an  hotel  at  b4by,  in  order  to  take  the  11  o'clock  train  to  Birming Birmingham.  ham. Birmingham.  On  arriving  at  the  station,  he  asked  the  driver  of  the  omnibus  to  take  his  luggage  on  to  the  platform.  The  driver  refused  to  do  so,  as  it  was  contrary  to  the  regulations  of  the  company.  He  took  in  the  luggage  himself,  and  as  he  was  too  late  Tor  the  train,  he  delivered  it  to  a  porter,  who  placed  *on  a  truck,  and  he  went  to  call  on  some  persons  until  the  starting  of  the  two  o'clock  train.  On  his  return  to  the  sta station  tion station  he  did  not  see  his  luggage,  and,  supposing  it  had  been  placed  on.  one  of  the  vans,  he  started  to  Birmingham.  He  'missed  his  luggage  when  he  arrived  there,  and  it  had  not  &amp;en.  since  found.  The  value  of  the  luggage  was  admitted  to  be  £l5.  The  defence  was  that  the  luggage  had  never  been  delivered  to  the  servants  of  the  company,  as  the  driver  of  the  omnibus  had  assisted  the  plaintiff  to  put  it  on  the  platform,  and  that  the  plaintiff  was  so  intoxicated,  or  muddled  with  liquor,  ilidt  he  was  not  able  to  take  care  either  of  his  luggage  or  himself.  The  omnibus-driver,  the  superintendent,  a  clerk  and  a  guard  at  the  Derby  station,  were  called  to  make  out  this  case.  Lord  Campbell,in  summing  up,  said  it  was  for  the  jury  to  say  whether  they  believed  the  story  told  by  the  plaintiff,  or  by  the  witnesses  for  the  defence.  Mr.  James  submitted  that•the  defendants  would  be  liable  if  the  jury  believed  that  the  luggage  had  been  deposited  on  the  platform  by  the  plaintiff  or  omnibus  driver.  Lord  Campbell  held  that  they  would  not.  It  was  of  the  last  importance  that  railway  companies  should  punctually  discharge  their  duty  to  the  public;  but  it  would  be  most  unjust  to  impose  on  them  a  liability  that  did  not  belong  to  them.  The  jury,  after  a  short  consultation,  returned  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  damages  £l5.  Lord  Campbell  directed  execution  to  be  stayed  until  next  term.  BANKRUPTCIES.—IN  RE  JOHNSON,  AN  UNDERWRITER.  This  was  the  last  examination  meeting  in  the  matter  of  Thomas  Johnson,  merchant  and  underwriter  of  Broad Broadstreet-buildings,  street-buildings, Broadstreet-buildings,  who  had  traded,  in  partnership  with  two  others,  under  the  firm  of  Johnson,  Peel  and  Co.  His  ac accounts,  counts, accounts,  prepared  by  Mr.  Turquand,  commenced  on  the  30th  June,  1850,  with  a  deficiency  of  3,9601.  He  now  owes  to  unsecured  creditors,  3531.;  ditto  on  underwriters'  account,  C  0.,;  ,secured  creditors,  1,933/.  ;  to  Johnson,  Peel  and  u  0,1  out.  were  stated  as  follows  :  Good  debtors,  28/.  ;  ditto  on  underwrlLL..  6  2-854/  ,  pro property  perty property  held  by  creditors,  7071.  The  receipts  on  tne'Lea,,  writing  account  had  been  3,007/.  ;  losses,  1,187/.  ;  household  expenses,  1,339/.  ;  personal  ditto,  1,8451.  Mr.  Cotterill,  for  the  assignees,  opposed,  and  wished  for  further  accounts  to  be  rendered.  _  His  iiOnor  thought  no  benefit  would  arise  to  the  credi creditors,  tors, creditors,  and  would  not  allow  it.  _  _  The  examination  was  passed,  and  a  day  named  for  a  cer certificate  tificate certificate  meeting.  IN  RE  SHIELDS.  The  bankrupt's  liabilities  are  abon+  ~..vc.  lie  was  in  the  South  American  +..-a-,.  ine  assets  consist  of  returns  for  cono;e--&#34;US'  and  are  yet  uncertain.  MILTON  HALL  AND  CLUB.—A  meeting  was  held  in  Glas Glasgow  gow Glasgow  on  Thursday,  at  which  Sir  James  Anderson,  M.P.,  pre presided,  sided, presided,  for  the  purptse  of  co-operating  with  those  parties  in  London  who  are  about  to  commemorate  our  great  poet  by  the  erection  of  a  hall  and  club  in  the  metropolis.  PAISLEY.  —A  GREAT  MISTAKE.—A  very  worthy  collector  of  accounts  found  himself  in  rather  a  queer  box  lately.  While  in  his  usual  rounds  of  cheerfully  collecting  cash  from  the  willing,  and  dunning  those  who  had  a  strong  aversion  to  part  with  their  spare  funds,  ho  knocked  at  the  door  of  a  house,  from  the  i  nma  t  es  o  f  w  hi  c  h  he  expected  a  small  portion  of  her  Majesty's  coinage.  He  knocked,  but  no  one  answered,  and,  just  as  he  was  t  urn  i  ng  t  o  l  eave  ,  h  e  heard  the  bolts  giving  way,  and  the  door  opened.  A  female  face,  beaming  with  joy,  saluted  his  surprised  look,  and  protestations  of  the  great  delight  she  felt  a  t  hi  s  visitfell  upon  his  astonished  ear.  W  thought  th  e  co  ll  ector,  w  h  y,  i  t  i  s  a  mos  t  rare  thing  certainly  to  be  received  in  thi  s  j  o  yful  manner,  but  since  they  are  so  very  willing  to  part  w  ith  th  e  i  r  cash,  I  shall  just  be  as  willing  to  recelre  it.  With  all  due  f  orm  the  man  of  money  was  ushered  into  a  bed-room,  a  single  glance  round  which,  however,  soon  convinced  hi  m  th  at  another  more  grave  professional  brother  was  required.  Here  was  he,  indeed,  in  a  peculiarly  perplexing  predicament,  to  sheer  out  of  which  ,  as  speedily  as  possible,  was  his  desire.  Hi  s  faithful  rade rademecum  mecum rademecum  which  he  had  under  his  arm,  howeve  r  use  f  u  l  it  mightbe  to  remind  him  of  the  paid  and  unpaid  of  his  debtors,  held  within  its  boards  no  recipe  to  enable  .  him  to  offi  c  i  a  t  e  i  n  t  h  e  critical  position  in  which  he  felt  himself.  says  he  to  the  expectant  attendants,  I'm  owre  land  here.  You've  pushed  me  into  the  wrong  shop  a'  the  gather.  I  maun  awa'.&#34;  And  off  he  set,  as  glad,  perhaps,  to  get  away,  as  those  who  had  asked  him  in  were  to  get  rid  of  him,  seeing  that  he  wa  s  n  ot  the  man  they  wanted,  and  resolved  in  future  to  be  suspicious  of  cordial  welcomes  at  doors,  when  on  a  money  -seeking  excursion  bound.  [To  readers  who  do  not  understand  the  languages,  as  the  said  to  the  lord  chancellor,  we  may  say  that  the  tax  collector  was  ad admitted  mitted admitted  as  a  supposed  accoucheur,  and  that  was  certainly  a  great  mistake,"
