text
"incident  to  the  character  of  the  service  requiied  of  our  troops  have  furnished  additional  evidence  of  their  courage,  zeal,  and  capacity  to  meet  any  requisition  whieli  their  country  may  make  upon  them.  For  the  details  of  the  military  operations,  the  distribution  of  the  troops,  and  additional  provisions  requir required  ed required  for  tha  military  service,  I  refer  to  the  report  of  the  Secre Secretary  tary Secretary  of  War  and  the  accompanying  documents.  Experience,  gathered  from  events  which  have  transpired  since  my  last  annual  message,  has  but  served  to  confirm  the  opinion  then  expressed  of  the  propriety  of  making  provision,  by  a  retired  list,  for  disabled  officers  retained  on  the  list  for  active  duty.  All  the  reasons  which  existed  when  these  mea-  sures  were  recommended  on  former  oecasionscontinue  without  modification  except  so  far  as  circumstances  have  given  to  some  of  them  additional  force.  The  recommendations  heretofore  made  for  a  partial  re•  organization  of  the  army,  are  also  renewed.  The  thorough  elementary  education  given  to  those  officers,  who  commence  their  service  with  the  grade  of  cadet,  qualifies  them,  to  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  extent,  to  perform  the  duties  of  every  arm  of  the  service;  but  to  give  the  hig'aest  efficiency  to  artillery  requires  the  practice  and  special  study  of  many  years;  and  it  is  not  therefore  believed  to  be  advisable  to  maintain,  in  time  of  peace,  a  larger  force  of  that  arm  than  can  he  usually  employed  in  the  duties  appertaining  to  the  service  of  field  and  siege  artillery.  The  duties  of  the  staff  in  all  its  various  branches  belong  to  the  movements  of  troops,  and  the  efficiency  of  an  army  in  the  field,  would  materially  depend  upon  the  ability  with  which  those  duties  are  discharged.  It  is  not,  as  in  the  case  of  the  artillery,  a  spec  i  a  l  ty  ,  h  u  t  requires  a  l  so  an  intimate  knowledge  of  the  duties  of  an  officer  of  the  line,  and  it  is  nut  doubted  that,  to  complete  the  education  of  an  officer  for  either  the  line  or  the  general  staff.  it  is  desirable  that  he  shall  have  served  i  n  both.  With  this  view,  it  was  recommended  on  a  former  occa occasion  sion occasion  that  the  duties  of  the  stall  should  he  mainly  performed  by  details  from  the  line;  and,  with  conviction  from  the  advantages  which  would  result  from  such  a  change,  it  is  again  presented  for  the  consideration  of  Congress.  The  report  of  the  secretary  of  the  navy,  herewith  submitted,  exhibits  in  full  the  naval  operations  of  the  past  year,  together  with  the  present  condition  of  the  service,  and  it  makes  angcestions  of  fnrther  legislation,  to  which  your  attention  is  invited.  The  construction  of  the  sit  steam  frigates,  for  which  appro appropriations  priations appropriations  were  made  by  the  last  Congress,  has  pro  cee  ded  in  the  most  s.ttisf  , STYLE=superscript  rtm  y  manner,  and  with  such  expedition,  as  to  warrant  the  '  'i(  f  that  they  will  he  ready  for  service  early  in  the  comin  7  Important  as  this  ad.lition  to  our  naval  force  is,  it  still  remlins  inadequate  to  the  contingent  exigencies  of  the  prweetion  of  the  extensive  sea  coast  and  vast  com commercial  mercial commercial  interests  of  the  United  States.  In  vew  of  this  fad,  and  of  the  acknowledged  wisdom  of  the  policy  of  a  gradual  and  systematic  increase  of  the  navy,  an  appropriation  is  recommended  for  the  construction  of  six  steam  sloops  of  war.  In  regard  to  the  steps  taken  in  execution  of  the  act  of  Congress  to  promote  the  efficiency  of  the  navy,  it  is  unneces unnecessary  sary unnecessary  for  me  to  say  more  than  to  express  entire  concurrence  in  the  observations  on  that  subject,  presented  by  the  secretary  in  his  report."
