text
"AMERICAN.  Naw  YORK,  Nov  25.—Arrived—Silas  Green Greenman.  man. Greenman.  from  Liverpool  ;  Rot  ha  mbestn,  from  Liverpool  ;  Ann  Kenny,  from  Waterford  ;  Vul Vulcan,  can, Vulcan,  from  Glasgow  ;  A  G  Hall,  from  Cardiff.  Nov  28.-  Atlantic,  (s)  from  Liverpool;  New  World.  from  Liverpool  ;  Jane  Morrison,  from  Cardiff;  Roderick  Dhu  from  GI,  enock  ;  Mai Maiathorn,  athorn, Maiathorn,  from  Liverpool;  Clarence,  from  Gal Galway  way Galway  ;  Georgiana,  from  Glasgow.  Cleared,  Nov  26.—Panama.  for  Liverpool  ;  Hope  Good Goodwin,  win, Goodwin,  for  Liverpool  ;  James  Drake,  for  Cardiff  St.  Lawrence,  for  Glasgow  ;  Garrick,  for  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  ;  Albert  Gallatin,  for  Liverpool.  Nov  29.  , STYLE=superscript  nshire,  for  London  ;  Benjamin  Adams.  for  Liverpool.  Nov  30,—A  ship  was  seen  sunk  it.  7  fathoms  water,  Nov  9,  off  Dobay  Island.  PHILADELPHIA.  Nov  25.—Arrived—C  E  Buck,  from  Newport.  Nov  26.—City  of  Glas Glasgow,  gow, Glasgow,  (a)  from  Liverpool;  Horatio,  from  Liver Livert  t Livert  00l  ;  General  Dunlop,  Skolfield,  from  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  Cleared,  Nov  25.—Shanghai,  for  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  Nov  26,  -  Devon,  for  Liverpool.  BALTIMORE,  Nov  25.—Cleared  -  Hudson,  for  Liverpool.  HAMPTON  ROAD,  Nov  25.-  Arrived—Alex Arrived—Alexina,  ina, Arrived—Alexina,  from  City  Point,  for  Liverpoco.  CHARLESTON,  Nov  22.—Arrived  -Persia,  Liverpool;  Delta  Maria,  from  Liverpool.  SAVANNAH,  Nov  :3.—Arrived-Arab,  Bel Belfast.  fast. Belfast.  Cleared—Nt  agistrate,  for  Liverpool.  KILT  WEST,  Nov  Is.—British  ship  Courier,  from  New  Orleans  for  Liverpool,  with  3,000  bales  of  cotton,  struck  on  Florida  reef,  on  the  5,h,  lay  ashore  five  days,  and  was  assisted  o  by  wreckers;  scln  Sarah  and  Lucy,  from  Bath;  20th,  bark  Montauk  ;  22d,  steam  propeller  Pennsylvania,  Old  Point  Comfort.  Steamer  L  Day,  from  New  Orleans,  reports  considerable  sickness  at  Tampa  and  Newport.  MONTEVIDEO,  Sept  30.—The  Madawaska.  Kelley,  from  Liverpool  to  San  Francisco,  put  into  this  port  to-day  leaky  in  her  top  sides.  NEW  ORLEANS,  Nov  IB.—Queen,  from  Liv Liverpool  erpool Liverpool  ;  Fvangeline,  from  Liverpool  ;  Dirego,  from  Liverpool  ;  James  Lumaden,  from  Lon London  don London  ;  John  P  Hurward.  from  Liverpool  ;  James  Titcoinb,  from  Liverpool;  Desdemona,  from  t  iverpool.  Cleared,  Nov  13.—1  t  B  Summer,  for  Liverpool;  J  P  Witney,  for  Liverpool;  H  H  Boody,  for  Liverpool  ;  Mountaineer,  for  Liverpool  ;  Montreal  for  iverpool.  BOSTON,  Nov  26.—Arrived-Actress,  from  Glasgow  ;  Atalanta,  from  Liverpooi  ;  Lydia,  from  Liverpool.  Nov  29.-.  A  new  barque  which  sailed  from  Charlotte  Town,  Prince  Edward  Island,  about  12  days  ago,  for  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  was  totally  wrecked,  when  only  three  days  out,  name  not  given.  EAST  PORT  MAINE,  Nov  23.—Sailed--  Chapman,  for  Liverpool.  MIRAMICRI,  Nov  28.—Sailed—Iranquebac,  for  Liverpool.  The  Minos.  from  Aspinwall,  arrive  n  at  New  York,  28th  ult.,  with  Imp  955  dollars.  The  Cortes,  sailed  from  San  Francisco  for  San  Juan  dei  Sud,  Ist  ult,,  with  1,690,61'8  dole.  Ship  Silas  Greenman,  at  this  port  from  Liv Liverpool,  erpool, Liverpool,  experienced  very  heavy  weather  all  the  passage  ;  for  '2O  days  n.w.  gales,  split  sails  and  received  other  damage.  Ship  Rochan  - STYLE=superscript  ibeati.  at  this  port  from  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  reports  :  Oct  23d.  off  Cape  Clear,  experi experienced  enced experienced  a  heavy  gale  from  n.w.,  lost  fore  and  maintopmast,  split  sails,  &amp;c.  Ship  Atlantic.  at  this  port  from  Antwerp,  experienced  heavy  weather,  lost  sails,  &amp;c.  Off  Western  islands,  passed  a  ship's  spars,  with  rigging  attached.  Ship  Java,  at  this  port  from  Glasgow,  expe.  ,  rienced  very  heavy  weather  on  the  passage;  from  Ist  to  26th  Oct.  had  a  succession  of  heavy  gales  from  the  Westward.  Oct  21st,  split  ,  foresail  and  close-reefed  foreand  maintopsails.  Captain  Cornish,  of  ship  Afooongo,  at  Phila Philadelphia  delphia Philadelphia  from  Londonderry.  reports  :  13th  oast,  when  in  lat  41  50,  lon  65  25,  fell  in  with  the  wreck  of  a  vessel  of  about  200  tons,  waterlog.  ged,  and  with  rudder  carried  away,  lowered  the  boat  and  went  on  board,  when  she  proved  to  be  the  schr.  Madeira.  of  Prospect,  Me.,  (before  reported,)  with  a  full  deck  load  of  tim.  ber,  and  lumber  in  the  lower  hold.  Ship  Maine—Advises  from  this  vessel,  before  reported  ashore  on  Pond  Island  Bar,  up  to  Wednesday  noon,  state  that  she  was  then  whole,  but  owing  to  the  condition  of  the  wreck  and  the  state  of  the  water,  nothing  had  been  done  towards  getting  out  her  cargo.  An  arrangement  had  been  made  with  wreckers  to  •  save  what  could  be  got  at  the  first  opportunity.  .  Wednesday  afternoon  the  wind  shifted  to  the  north  east  and  blew  quite  fresh,  and  it  was  thought  she  would  go  to  pieces.  Br  Bark  Sovereign,  from  London  for  San  Francisco.  sunk  of  Falkland  Island,  Sept  17,  lat  48  s.  lon  80  w.  The  errw,  to  the  number  L  of  twenty,  were  saved  aboard  the  Danish  brig  nna  Cecilia.  arrived  at  Valparaiso  Oct  I.  The  captain  and  three  sailors  were  drowned  in  try.  ing  to  save  the  ship's  papers.  Br  Brig  Lydia,  at  Boston  from  Liverpool,  sprung  a  leak  sth  ult.,  in  a  n.w.,  gale,  and  threw  over  about  600  bags  of  salt."
