text
"TOWN  COUNCIL.-YESTERDAY  The  adjourned  meeting  of  the  Council  was  held  at  eleven  o'clock,  yesterday,  in  the  Council-chamber.  In  the  absence  of  the  Mayor,  Mr.  ALDERMAN  TURNER  presided  as  Deputy-Mayor.  The  report  of  the  Education  Committee  was  read  and  adopted.  The  report  contained  no  matter  of  importance.  GAOL  AND  HOUSE  OF  CORRECTION  COMMITTEE  The  reports  of  this  Committee  were  then  read.  They  merely  detailed  the  ordinary  meetings  of  the  Committee,  and  recommended  the  payment  of  sums  incurred  in  the  usual  expenditure.  Mr.  BANNER  said  :  Before  the  proceedings  of  the  Com Committee  mittee Committee  were  adopted,  there  was  a  questioninvolved  in  them  which  it  was  very  material  should  be  laid  - STYLE=superscript  before  the  Coun Council.  cil. Council.  •  He  had  gone  very  carefully  over  the  minutes  of  their  proceedings,  and  he  had  discovered  that  the  Governor  of  the  Gaol  had  not  as  yet  given  the  bond  required  by  the  Corpora Corporation.  tion. Corporation.  He  was  not  about  to  attribute  blame  to  the  Gover Governor,.  nor,. Governor,.  nor  to  the  Gaol  Committee,  as  both  he  believed  were  anxious  that  the  matter  should  be  completed;  but  there  was  a  question  connected  with  the  manner  in  which  the  bond  should  be  drawn  out,  on  which  it  was  very  material  that  the  opinion  of  the  Council  should  be  taken.  The  appointment  of  the  present  Governor  was  made  i  n  A  ugus  t,  an  d  in  January  a  draft  of  the  bond  was  sent  by  the  Town  Clerk  for  his  pe perusal,  rusal, perusal,  before  it  was  engrossed.  The  terms  of  the  bond  were  these—that  not  only  should  Mr.  Jameson  be  bound,  himself  and  two  competent  sureties,  for  his  own  conduct  and  integrity,  but  that  he  should  be  also  bound  for  the  conduct  and  integrity  of  all  the  officers  under  him.  To  these  terms  Mr.  Jameson  objected,  and  the  bond  consequently  remained  still  unsigned  ;  but  surely  it  was  desirable  that  it  should  immedi immediately  ately immediately  be  completed.  (Hear,  hear.)  For  they  all  recollected  how  very  unsatisfactory  it  was  with  regard  to  the  last  appointment  of  Governor.  A  period  of  only  about  six  months  elapsed  before  his  bond  was  completed  ;  but  during  that  time,  unfortunately,  defalcations  took  place,  and  when  he  died  it  was  found  that  it  was  totally  impossible  to  recover  any  portion  of  it,  in  consequence  of  the  absence  of  the  bond  during  the  period  of  defalcation.  He  (Mr.  Banner)  had  'no  apprehensions  of  that  kind  here,  nor  had  the  Gaol  Com Committee  mittee Committee  ;  for  they  believed  Mr.  Jameson  was  a  very  honest  and  upright  man  ;  but  they  thought  that  for  regularity's  sake  his  bond  ought  to  be  completed.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  objection  of  Mr.  Jameson  was,  that  he  was  bound  for  others  as  well  as  himself,  and  he  objected  on  the  ground  that  he  had  no  power  in  the  appointment  of  these  officers,  nor  any  discretion  with  regard  to  their  dismissal  when  they  misbe misbehaved  haved misbehaved  themselves.  Mr.  Jameson  further  stated,  that  he  had  consulted  Mr.  Mansfield  on  the  subject,  and  that  that  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  conceived  his  objection  well  founded  ;  but  he  (Mr.  Banner)  could  state,  that  when  Mr.  Mansfield  was  made  aware  of  the  circumstances  of  the  case,  he  altered  his  opinion,  andnow  agreed  in  the  propriety  of  the  bond.  There  was  besides  a  re resolution  solution resolution  on  the  books  of  the  Council  that  in  future  the  bonds  of  all  heads  of  departments  should  be  taken  from  them,  not  only  as  security  for  themselves,  but  as  security  for  the  con conduct  duct conduct  of  their  subordinates.  It  was  for  the  Council  to  say  now  whether  that  was  reasonable  or  not—whether  Mr.  Jameson's  objections  were  well  founded  or  not;  and  if  not  so,  whether  he  should  not  be  compelled  to  give  the  bond  which  the  Corporation  required.  As  to  the  nature  of  the  Gover Governor's  nor's Governor's  duties,  besides  taking  charge  o  f  th  e  p  r  i  son  an  d  th  e  pri prisoners,  soners, prisoners,  and  which  the  bond  would,  hold  him  responsible,  he  (Mr.  Banner)  would  briefly  detail  them  to  the  Council.  Goods  were  manufactured  in  the  gaol  and  sold  outside.  A  collector  was  appointed  to  collect  the  money  ;  and  when  col collected  lected collected  it  was  paid  into  the  hands  of  Mr.  Wade,  the  clerk,  who  in  his  turn  immediately  handed  it  over  to  the  Governor.  The  Governor  then  paid  over  to  the  Treasurer  such  sums  as  he  received,  and  in  a  month  accounted  to  him  for  the  balance,  whatever  it  might  be.  The  Treasurer  also  gave  bonds  not  only  for  himself,  but  his  clerk;  but  the  latter,  in  his  turn,  gave  a  bond  to  the  Treasurer.  There  was,  however,  some  variation  from  the  system  in  this  instance  which  might,  perhaps,  justify  Mr.  Jameson  •in  demurring  to  sign  the  the  bond,  unless,  under  all  the  circumstances,  it  was  in insisted  sisted insisted  upon  by  the  Corporation.  He  (Mr.,  Banner)  could  not  help  thinking  himself  that  there  was  some  hardship  in  calling  upon  a  man  to  be  bound  for  the  conduct  and  integrity  of  others,  in  whose  appointment  he  had  no  voice,  and  whom,  if  they  misconducted  themselves,  he  had  no  power  to  dismiss.  The  Corporation  appointed  these  officers,  and,  therefore,  they  were,  in  point  of  fact,  servants  of  the  Corporation  ;  and  he  consequently  thought  that  the  Corporation  should  do  this—if  they  required  Mr.  Jameson  to  be  answerable  for  his  subordinates,  they  should  also  require  that  these  latter  should  be  bound  in  competent  security,  either  to  him  or  to  themselves.  (Hear,  hear.)  -  Mr.  Alderman  PROCTER  thought  it  wouldbe  well  if  the  Town  Clerk  explained  to  the  Council  the  position  of  this  matter.  The  TowN  CLERK  said,  that  on  the  death  of  the  date  Governor,  it  was  ascertained  that  his  accounts  were  incorrect,  and  upon  examining  them,  it  further  turned  out,  that  he  and  the  Clerk  kept  a  private  account  betw  e  e  n  th  emse  l  ves  ;  and  it  therefore  appeared  to  him  (the  Town  Clerk,)  that  for  the  protection  of  the  Council,  the  bond  should  be  framed  in  a  different  way,  so  as  to  cover  each  and  every  claim.  He  accordingly  prepared  the  bond,  making  Mr.  Jameson  responsible  for  the  Clerks  in  his  department,  as  well  as  for  himself,  just  as  the  heads  of  the  other  departments  were  responsible  to  the  Council  for  those  under  them  ;  and  this  appeared  to  him  to  be  the  more  important,  because  Mr.  Jameson  contended  that  it  was  no  part  of  his  duty  to  see  to  the  collection  of  the  accounts.  He  said  certainly  that  he  was  prepared  to  do  it,  but  that  it  was  no  part  of  his  duty;  so  that  if,  as  under  the  ordinary  form  of  bond,  he  would  be  responsible  only  for  the  money  after  it  came  into  his  hands,  his  direct  interest  would  be  that  it  should  not  get  into  his  hands  at  all.  It  therefore  appeared  to  him  (the  Town  Clerk)  that  the  ordinary  form  of  bond  was  not  the  proper  one.  He  accordingly  brought  the  subject  generally  before  the  Finance  Committee,  and  they  passed  a  resolution,  that  in  their  opi opinion  nion opinion  all  bonds  should  be  taken  direct,  as  far  as  regarded  the  Council,  from  the  heads  of  the  departments,  and  that  the  heads  of  the  departments  should  require  their  subordinates  receiving  monies,  to  give  in  turn  bonds  to  them,  these  bonds  to  be  prepared  at  the  expense  of  the  Corporation.  That  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  him  to  be  the  only  proper  way  of  dealing  with  the  subject.  One  of  his  own  bails  being  -now  dead,  he  was  going  to  prepare  a  bond,  making  himself  responsible  for  his  clerics  ;  and  even  the  collector  of  town  dues  was  responsible  for  all  the  collectors  in  his  department.  Mr.  BANNER  :  In  cases  where  heads  of  departments  aro  security  for  those  beneath  them,  are  not  counter  securities  to  be  given  to  them  ?  •  •  The  TOWN  CLERK  :  Oh,•  certainly  ;  and  the  resolution  of  the  Finance  Committee  goes  to:that  extent.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  could  not  see  where  Mr.  Jameson's  hardship  was  in  being  called  upon  to  do  what  every  .  other  head  of  a  department  had  to  do.  There  was  the  Receiver  of  town  dues  ;  Vie  received  large  sums,  and  was  guarantee  for  every  one  under  him  ;  but,  in  return,  he  had  a  guarantee  from  every  one  of  them.  Surely,  then,  the  time  of  the  Council  should  not  be  wasted  in  the  frivolous  objections  of  Mr.  Jameson,  who,  if  he  did  not  like  the  situation,  could  give  it  up.  _  _  _  _  _  Mr.  BIGIIAM  should  dissent  from  the  censures  passed  on  the  Governor  of  the  Goal.  It  was  evident  that  his  prede predesessor  sessor predesessor  had  been  called  upon  to  give  security  only  for  him himself,  self, himself,  and  therefore  when  Mr.  Jameson  was  called  upon,  under  a  new  arrangement,  to  give  in  addition  security  for  his  clerks,  whom  he  had  no  power  to  appoint,  it  did  not  ap appear  pear appear  to  him  (Mr.  Bigham)  very  surprising  that  Mr.  Jame Jameson  son Jameson  should  object  to  give  such  a  security.  If  the  new  ar arrangement  rangement arrangement  had  been  made  in  time—if  a  distinct  agreement  had  been  come  to  with  Mr.  Jameson,  and  the  bond  prepared  for  signature  at  the  time  of  his  appointment,  then  there  could  have  been  no  dispute  ;  for,  if  Mr..  Jameson  had  made  any  objection,  the  Council  would  have  refused  to  sanction  his  appointment  by  the  Magistrates.  But  this  was  not  the  case,  for  the  Town  Clerk  seemed  to  have  taken  it  f  or  granted  that  the  bond  would  be  signed.  He  (Mr.  Bigham)  could  see  no  reasonable  objection  why  Mr.  Jameson  should  not  have  adopted  the  course  he  did  '  -  and,  if  he  were  compelled  to  give  the  bond,  his  clerks,  on  their  parts,  should  be  com compelled  pelled compelled  to  give  him  security  for  any  money  passing  between  their  hands.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  it  seemed  to  him  (Mr.  Bigham)  better  to  relieve  the  gaol  altogether  from  collecting  this  money.  Let  the  Treasurer  collect  it,  and  then  the  Council  would  require  no  responsibility  from  Mr.  Jameson,  or  any  of  his  clerks.  He  had  no  .particular  friendship  or  respect  for  Mr.  Jameson,  because  -he  did  not  approve  of  his  conduct  when  magistrates'  clerk  ;  still,  he  thought  that,  in  this  instance,  he  had  acted  properly  and  correctly.  Mr.  HOLT  concurred  in  the  propriety  of  requiring  from  the  Governor  a  bond  for  the-  financial  collection  and  other  moneys  of  the  Gaol,  otherwise  his  position  would  not  be  that  of  complete  responsibility  which  it  .should  be.  There  was  the  strongest  motive  that  could  be  to  enforce  a  vi&amp;ilant  atten attention  tion attention  to  the  duties  of  the  Clerks  ;  and  responsibility  for  their  conduct,  on  the  part  of  the  Governor,  would  alone  ensure  that  attention  being  paid.  He  was  not  surprised  at  Mr.  Jameson  making  the  objection,  taking  the  precedent  of  the  late  Governor  ;  still  he  thought  that  it  was  the  interest  of  the  Corporation  that  the  bond  should  be  enforced,  and  car carried  ried carried  out  in  the  way  pointed  out  by  the  Town  Clerk.  In  doing  this,  however,  he  thought  that  the  expense  of  the  bonds  ought  not  to  fall  upon  the  Clerk  or  Mr.  Jameson,  but  upon  the  Corporation,  who  had  in  some  measure  neglected  the  oppor opportunity  tunity opportunity  of  laying  down  the  principle.  Mr.  TURNER  said  it  was  necessary,  if  the  affairs  of  the  gaol  were  to  bd  properly  managed,  that  for  all  the  work  done  in  the  gaol,  the  Governor  should  be  responsible.  It  was  proper  that  the  subordinate  officers,  if  Mr.  Jameson  re reqUired  qUired reqUired  it,  should  be  bound  to  him,  and  if,  in  that  case,  these  officers  should.  be  put  to  any  expense,  it  was  proper  to  con consider  sider consider  whether,  the  Council  should  not  increase  their  salaries.  But  it  was  clear  that  things  could  not  go  on  properly,  unless  for  all  money  collected  for  work  done  in  the  .  gaol,  the  Go Governor  vernor Governor  himself  were  responsible  to  the  Council.  With  re regard  gard regard  to  subordinate  officers,  and,  heads  of  departments  in  general,  who  were  responsible  for  their  conduct,  the  system  was  that  stated  by  the  Town  Clerk  :  the  Council  allowed  the  nomination  of  the  heads  of  departments  to  prevail,  re reserving  serving reserving  to  itself  the  right  of  dismissal  ;  but  even  that  was  merely  nominal,  as  in  case  of  any  allegation  on  the  part  of  the  superior  of  improper  'behaviour,  the  subordinate  would  be  at  once  dismissed  on  his  recommendation.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  said  it  seemed  a  'little  hard  I  P2_TB00126 C  m  Tii  P2_TB00127 e STYLE=superscript  xpe  l  •egar,  the  P2_TB00128 t  lt  e  i  en  P2_TB00129 c  04  1  ,1  th  e  f  tl  14(-)4i.  P2_TB00130 .  treed,  qolil  l STYLE=superscript  'llon  t•lttil  P2_TB00131 'l4,  et  as  44(1  te,.o"
