text
"--74  j,,  --/d(  COUNCIL  PROCEEDINGS  THE  BRADLEY  INQUIRY.  The  usual  monthly  meeting  of  the  town  council  was  held  at  eleven  o'clock  yesterday  in  the  Town-hall.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  the  MAYOR.  The  TOWN-CLERK  read  the  minutes  of  the  last  day's  pro proceedings.  ceedings. proceedings.  The  MAYOR  said  :  Gentlemen,  the  first  'business  will  be:-  to  receive  the  report  from  the  special  committee  whom  you  appointed  at  the  last  council,  and,  as  it  refers  to  a  member  of  the  council,  and  a  question  of  privilege,  it  is  the  first  upon  the  paper.  The  TOWN-CLERK  read  the  following  report  :  The  special  committee  appointed  by  the  council  on  the  9th  inst.,  to  inquire  into  charges  preferred  against  Mr.  E.  Bradley,  a  member  of  the  council,  relative  to  the  course  purl purlsued  sued purlsued  by  him  at  the  recent  election  for  Vauxhall  ward,  as  to  which  it  is  alleged  that  he  unduly  and  improperly  used  his  position  of  a  councillor  and  member  of  one  of  the  committees  of  the  council,  to  influence  a  voter  named  Stopfortb;'  as'  to  giving  his  vote  at  suoh  election,,  and  to  report  thereon— thereonunanimously  unanimously thereonunanimously  report  to  the  council,  1.  That  Mr.  Bradley,  being  a  member  of  the  water  com committee,  mittee, committee,  and  of  the  financial  sulf-committee  of  that  committee,  became  cognisant  of  the  names  of  persons  in  arrear  for  water  rents  in  the  several  wards,  2.  That  a  meeting  of  the  financial  sub-committee  of  the  water  committee  was  held  on  the  21st  ult.,  and  attended  by  Mr.  Bradley,  and  it  was  proved  that  he,  at  that  meeting,  made  extracts  from  the  list  of  persons  so  in  arrear  and  re residing  siding residing  in  'Vauxhall  ward.  3.  That  George  Stopforth,  a  voter  in  that  ward,  was  one  of  the  persons  included  in  the  list  of  those  in  arrear  for  water  r  rents,  and  that  Mr.  Bradley  did,  when  canvassing  Stopforth  for  his  vote  at  the  recent  municipal  election  un unduly  duly unduly  and  improperly  use  knowledge  of  the  fact,  which  he  had  obtained  as  a,member  of  the  water  committee  and  of  the  financial  subtcommittee  of  that  committee,  for  the  purpose  of  including  Stopforth  to  vote  for  a  particular  candidate  at  that  election.  Your  committee  submit  with  their  report  a  manuscript  of  the  short-hand  writer's  notes  of  the  evidence  adduced,  upon  which  the  committee  observe  only,  that  witnesses  having  been  called  to  disparage  the  character  of  Stopforth,  other  witnesses  of  undoubted  character  and  respeetahility  were  called  in  reply,  all  of  whom,  having  'mown  him  for  many  years,  speak  of  him  as  a  sober,  hard-working,  well-conducted  man,  and  as  ono  upon  whose  honesty  and  truthfulness  every  reliance  may  be  placed.  J.  B.  MOORE,  Chairman:  Town-hall,  Liverpool,  Nov.  29,  1853.  Mr.  Alderman  BRA.MLEY-MOORS  rose  and  said,  Mr.  Mayor,  as  chairman  of.  the  special  committee,  sir,  which  it  was  the  pleasure  of  the  council  to  appoint  to  inquire  into  the  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  on  which  that  report  is  founded,  it  devolves  upon  me  to  move  its  acceptance  and  adoption  by  the  council.  And,  in  doing  so,  sir,  my  duty  is  a  very  simple  one.  As  the  evidence  has  been  submitted  and  hid  upon  the  table  for  now  several  days,  for  the  perusal  of  the  members  of  the  council,  I  presume  that  every  one  has  availed  himself  of  the  oppor opportunity,  tunity, opportunity,  and  will  be  thereby  enabled  to  form  a  conclusion  whether  we  have  arrived  at  the  right  decision  or  not,  and  whether  the  decision  which  is  stated  in  the  report  is  a  just  one  according  to  the  evidence  laid  before  us..  I  shall  abstain  sir,  from  any  commentary  upon  the  evidence,because  I  think  it  would  be  wasting  the  time  of  the  council,  every  member  having  had  a  chance  of  leading  it,  and  forming  his  own  judgment  thereof.  But  as  it  appears  to  me,  sir,  that  there  exists  upon  the  minds  of  some  members  of  the  coun council  cil council  some  misapprehension  as  to  the  duties  which  devolved  upon  us,l  think  it  right  so  far  to  state  we  were  not  instructed  to  try  Mr.  Bradley  for  any  case  of  bribery  or  corruption.  The  instructions  to  us  were  simply  whether  he  had  unwar unwarrantably  rantably unwarrantably  made  use  of  his  position  as  a  member  of  the  council,  and  as  a  member  of  the  water  committee,  and  of  the  sub-financial  committee  of  that  committee,  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  influencing  voters  in  the  Yauxball-ward.  Therefore,  it  was  net  for  us,  sir,  to  try  any  other  question  than  that;  and  upon  that  decision  I  believe  it  will  be  for  the  council  to  say  whether  Mr.  Bradley  shall  be  placed  on  any  committee  of  the  council  for  the  future.  In  fact  the  names,  sir,  have  been  held  in  abeyance  until  the  report  was  read,  and  there therefore  fore therefore  the  council  will  now  be  able  to  form  its  own  opinion,  whether  it  will  be  proper,  or  their  pleasure  to  place  Mr.  Bradley  on  any  committee  of  the  council,  and  more  especially  upon  the  water  committee,  for  the  future.  I  have  only  one  observation  further  to  make,  sir,  and  that  is  that  the  com committee  mittee committee  were  unanimous  in  their  decision.  I  have  now,  sir,  fulfilled  a  duty  which,  I  confess,  was  a  very  painful  one,,  and  a  very  onerous  one  ;  but  your  committee,  sir,  devoted  a  great  deal  of  time  and  patient  inquiry  to  ascertain  the  facts,  the  simple  facts  on  which  the  question  hinged,  and  in  their  judgment  they  have  done  so,  and  have  given  an  impartial  decision,  regardless  of  whatever  the  consequences  might  be,  either  here  or  elsewhere.  I  shall  now  conclude,  Mr.  Mayor,  by  moving  the  reception  and  adoption  of  the  report,  and  I  think  the  council  will  agree  with  me  that  I  should  waste  their  time  if  I  were  to  indulge  in  any  further  remarks  upon  the  subject,  and  if  tho  ceipation  shall  give  rise  to  any  such  necessity,  sir,  I  shall  have  the  opport444i  4  toply,  and  can  then  state  my  views  more  fully,  -  The  MAYOR  Does  any  gentleman  second  the  motion  Mr.  Alderman  Hopirs  :  I  have  great  pleasure,  sir,  in  seconding  the  adoption  of  the  report.  The  MAYOR  :  Gentlemen,  it  has  been  proposed  and  seconded,  that  the  report  of  the  special  committee  be  adopted.  Is  it  your  pleasure  that  the  motion  be  passed  ?  (Several  cries  of  a STYLE=superscript  Yes,  •  Mr.  Alderman  DOVER  :  Is  the  report  carried  The  MAYOR  :  I  understand  so.  Mr.  FERNMOUGH  :  Some  members  of  the  council  may  wish  to  carry  this  matter  somewhat  further.  I  apprehend  that  there  are  members  of  the  council  who  intend  to  carry  it  somewhat  further  at  the  right  time.  The  MArolt  :  The  next  portion  of  the  proceedings  is  the  appointment  of  a  member  of  the  church  expenditute  com committee,  mittee, committee,  the  water  committee,  and  the  lil4rAry  and  museum  committee,  144  r.  DovER  I  hope  I  will  be  in  order  in  making  a  few  remarks.  The  MAYOR  :  Do  you  propose  to  make  any  resolution  ?  Mr.  DOVER:  No  ;-  I  am  going  on  the  motion.  The  MAYOR  :  Then  I  think  that  is  passed.  Mr.  DOVER  :  Then  I  merely  want  to  know,  as  a  point  of  order,  whether,  if  Mr.  Bradley's  name  is  propped  as  a  member  of  one  of  the  sub-coninlittees,  shall  I  be  in  order  to  make  a  few  roraarki?  The  MAYOR  :  The  course  the  council  have  adopted  is  this  :  They  have  accepted  the  report.  The  next  question  comes  on  in  order,  and  any  member  of  the  council  is  in  a  position  to  move  any  resolution  founded  upon  that  report,  and  to  propose  any  member  to  the  three  committees  mentioned  in  the  council.  Mr.  Fgivinlotret4  -The  only  point  which  strikes  me  is  this  :  If  wenre  not  called  upon  to  put  Mr.  Bradley  upon  any  committee  of  the  council,  why  not  carry  that  prin principle  ciple principle  a  little  further?  The  committees  are  only  fractious  of  the  council,  and  surely  if  a  member  has  an  opportunity  of  doing  that  which  is  not  considered  by  the  cuancil—l  can cannot  not cannot  exactly  find  the  word-,7(laughter)---if,  in  fact,  the  council  cannot  place  any  confidence  in  him  as  a  membe  r  o  f  the  committee,  a  lesser  body  than  the  council,  it  appears  to  Me,  that  we  should  place  ourselves  in  a  very  extraordinary  position  if  we  were  to  consider  him  qualified  to  sit  upon  the  council  itself.  The  MAYOR  :  I  take  it  that  the  position  of  the  council  is  this  :  The  municipal  act  gives  power  to  the  council  as  a  whole  body  to  appoint  committees,  and  delegate  certain  de details  tails details  to  them,  The  council  have  a  Tight  to  keep  as  many  members  of  the  committee  as  tliey  may  think  proper.  Th  en  comes  the  next  question.  If  any  member  of  the  council  wishes  to  proceed  further  under  the  municipal  act,  it  map  be  done  by  an  information  :  I  take  ;  f  -  nave  nnnnw.r  xeep  any  member  off  a  committee.  Mr.  V STYLE=superscript  Fsxxixouax:  Yes,  Mr.  Mayor,  but  still  1,13,11  culty  is  not  removed.  I  look  upon  the  council  as  a  committee  of  the  whole  louse  :  in  pontradistinction  to  the  lesser  com committees,  mittees, committees,  There  are  matters  frequently  carried  here  in  this  council  by  one  vote.  If  wo  are  told  upon  evidence—and  I  certainly  apprehend  that  the  evidence  is  pretty  .plain  ;  I  have  read  it  three  times  over,  every  word  of  it,  to  see  if  I  could  find  anything  in  it  which  could  be  offered  in  defence  of  the  gentleman  concerned-  7:  4nd  if  we  are  told  upon  evidence  that  lie  has  dcine  these  things,  and  it  is  moved  here  that  he  be  'lint  off  the  committee,  I  can  only  say  that  I  do  not  like  to  see  any  member  put  off  a  committee  unless  the  council  be  prepared  to  go  further.  The  members  of  the  council  are  otherwise  placed  in  what  T  oo,nside.r  a  yery  wrong  position;  because  if  a  man  is  not  qualified  to  sit  as  a  mem.  bar  of  fraction  of  the  5)4,  he  is  of  qualified  to  sit  as  a  member  of  the  whole  body.  Mr.  HORNBY  :  If  Mr,  Fernihough  has  a  motion  to  bring  before  the  council,  he  ought  to  do  so.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  my  opinion  the  council  does  all  that  is  required.  The  object  of  the  council  in  appointing  the  committee,  was  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  consideration  the  allegations  Which  were  made  by  one  member  of  the  council  at  the  last  meeting,  with  respect  to  Mr.  Bradley.  If  their  allegations  were  founded  on  fact,  certainly  they  would  influence  a  great  number  of  gentlertlen  in  the  votes  which  they  would  give  in  appointing  him  a  member  of  any  committee,  and  more  especially  a  member  of  the  water  (I  - STYLE=superscript  fear,  hear.)  Having  done  what  we  have  beard,'  fr.  Mayor,  I  think.  the  'council  has  no  power  to  go  any  further,  UnlesS  any  gentleman  choses  to  move  that  the  town-clerk  be  instructed  to  take  criminal  proceedings,  upon  behalf  of  the  town-cou  s  ncil,  against  Mr.  Bradley.  Now  I,  for  my  part,  am  not  prepared  to  go  that  length.  Ido  not  believe  thatllr.  Bradley,  when  he  copied  out  the  names  of  defaulters  for  . STYLE=superscript  the  water-rent  in  Vanxliall,ward,  had  any  intention  of  committing  bribery  ;  but  Ido  believe  that  he  intended  to  make  use  of  the  information  so  obtained  for  the  purpose  of  influencing  voters  in  that  ward.  (Loud  cries  of  hear,  hear.)  Havinc  , STYLE=superscript  so  exercised  his  power  as  a  member  of  the  water  committee,  I,  for  one,  would  not  give  him  my  vote  for  being  again  elected  a  member  of  that  committee.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  going!  tiny  thrther  than  that,  I  think  the  council  would  act  very  unwisely.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.,  DOVER  :  I  do  not  think  the  charge,  brought  against  Mr.  Bradley  by  Mr.  Hodson,  has  been  proved.  I  think  the  charge  brought  by  Mr.  Hodson—and  I  take  it  from  two,  circumstances,  first  of  all  the  words  he  used  himself;  and,  secondly,  the  note  which  he  tendered  to  Mr.  Bradley,  and  whiph,lve  read,  at  the  eouncil—l  think  the  charge  lie  then  brought  distinctly,  was  that  of  compromising  the  pecuniary  interests  of  the  .eorporatiote  (No  no.)  Now,  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  116  SA  CI,  '  charge  hak  „been  proved.  I  really  think  the  •character  of  a  member  of  the  council  is  at  stake,  and—  The  A.lnvon  do  not  think,  M  r  ,  Alderman  Dover,  you  _are  qnita-ilorder  in  going  -into  this  over  again,  whielrhai  been  already  inquired  into.  As  ;  tat  separating  what  is  the  -charge  and  what  is  'not  la  charge-(hear,  hear)—l  think  in  follinVing  Mr.  Herlihy  as  to  the  further  proceedings  of  the.  council  'I  think  vii  would  ,he  quite  in  order  but,  at  the  same  time,  I  do  not  think  you  wo,nla  IN  in  ,orcler  in  openag  n  fr  tup  if&amp;  question  again,  after  it  has  ,been  - STYLE=superscript  aiready  fa  ß  y,dis-  ,eussed,  :as  to  - STYLE=superscript  what  - STYLE=superscript  31  1 STYLE=superscript  i.  Hodson's  charge,  was,  which  the  committee  have  inquired  inte,,  and,  upon  which  they  have  founded  a  report.  I  think  there  is  that  distinction.  Ido  not  want  to  prevent  you  from  spe4kiiig  !  :  , STYLE=superscript  afs  - STYLE=superscript  414raby  has  done,  with  regard  to  the  course  which  the  ,cdtincil  should  now  adept.  Mr.  Down  :  Mr,  Hornby  made  the  remark  that  the  fr  charge  which  was  made  against  Mr.  Bradley  by  a  member  ,  f  of  the  council,  had  been  proved.  Now  I  contend  that  the,.  p  •  charge  which  was  brought  was  not  proved.  coal  Mr.  IlduNny  :  I  did  no  t  . STYLE=superscript  sav  anything  of  the  kind..  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  DOVER  :  I  understood  yeti  so.  •  The  MAYOR  :  I  certainly  did  not  understand  Mr.  Hornby  to  say  so.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Dovnit  :  All  I  wish  to  say  now  is,  emphatically  to  declare  that  of  the  majority  of  the  committee  was,  that  there  was  no  proof  Whatever  of  such  it  charge  -as  was  made,  thht  it  was  contradicted  , STYLE=superscript  by.facts.  Mr.  noesesr  :  I  beg  most  :distinctly  to  disclaim—(inter disclaim—(interruption,  ruption, disclaim—(interruption,  and_  cries  of  The  MAYOR  ;  I  think  Mr..  Dover  has  travelled  out  Of  the-  - STYLE=superscript  matter,  (Hear,  hear.).  He,  got  up  to  speak  of  the  position  of  the  council,  and  the  steps  they  are  now  to  adopt.  - STYLE=superscript  Mr:  Hornby  had  spoken  to  this  qiicstion,  and  Mr.  Dover  had  a  perfect  right  to  speak  to  it,  also.  The  uestion  before  the  council  nevi,'  is  that  which  stands  upo  n  the  paper,'  that  the  council  should  proceed  tee'  elect,-  as  proposed  at  the  list  meeting,  a  ineniber,'•fiist;  the  church  expenditure  corn-  •  mit  tee.  Mr.  Hoeses  :  Mr.  Mayor,  I  must  disclaim  entirely  mak making  ing making  oue  single  remark  about  the  pecuniary  matter.  (near  hear.)  I  had  nothing  whatever  to  do  with  it.  Mr.  Dover  is  nle  p  ti  erf  rb.e  e  wr  ef  o  lL  f  t  w  ihw  r  r  o  c  a  o  4  m  .  ;inii  (  t  il  tee  e  9  a  y.  r,  :t  h  h  7  t  r.  m  )  r.,xann  be  appointed  tt  Mr.  JEFFREYS  :  second  the  motion,  -  ---  -  Mr.  GREGSON  :  I  think  that  further  proceedings  ought  to  be  taken.  (Hear,  hear,  and  no,  no.)  The  Mayon  ;  'lf  further  proceedings  are  to  'be.  teent  somebody  ought  to  bring  forward  a  motion  to  that  effect.  There  is  no  resolution;  and  nobody  'haS  4got  up  to  propose  one.  gr.  GREGSON,  :  Then,iMr.  Mayor,  I  will  proeeed  to  :mere;  ^ STYLE=superscript  :.  that  the  town-Clerk  be  instructed  to  take  such  legal  steps  as  he  shall  be  advised.  against  Mr,  Bradley;  (Oh,  oh,  and  hear  hear.)  Mr.  TnomsoN:  ()nett'  not  a  month's  notice  be  given  of  that  motion  ?  Th  9  NA.ion  z  Nv.  ,I  think  anyvreeolution  founded  upon.  the  report  'which  the  council  may  deem  proper  may  be  passed  here.  Mr.  MoSS  In  regardte,tbat  The,illoron  a  The  motion  has  not  yet'been  seeoniedi  Mr.Tronr'neir  :  I  beg  leave  second.  the  motion.  Mr.  Moss  :  Before  the,  coueeil  :pasa  , STYLE=superscript  that  resolution  I  should  like  to  ask  t4legal  adviser  m  of  .the:ecameil  whether  he  would  recommend  that  the  money  of  corporationthe  should  be  spent  in  such  -a  prosecution?  ,  -  The  TOWN-CLERK  :  Assuming  that  Mi.  Bradley  has  com committed  mitted committed  this  offence  -  Mr:  Moss  :  Assuming  !  I  ask  the  question—Yee  erne?  The  TOWN-CLERK,;  , STYLE=superscript  Assuaging  that  Mr.  Bradley  has  colli collimated  mated collimated  ,tha.  offence,  it  would  be  competent  for  the•cOuncil,  under  the  provisions  of  the  municipal  act,  te.order  a  prose prosecution,  cution, prosecution,  under  the  section,  of,  the,  municipal  act  which  relates  to  bribery,  which;  •  I  suppose,  is  that  to  which:  Mr.-  Gregson  refers.  Bilf  have  to  observe  that  the  milieus  ;  upon  the  subjeet  of:1  brilitry  tis  by  no  means  complete.:  (Hear,  hear.)  ('lts  niinet  a,  matter  which  the  special  jeom jeommittee  mittee jeommittee  was  appeteetech  i  te  jequike  into,  and  it  was  not  pore  sued.  - STYLE=superscript  than:4llst,  .  what-came  Bu  t STYLE=superscript  in  the  conversation,  bet  ween  -  M  r-  B  ra  d  ley  and  Stopforth.  But  before  a,prosecution  could  be  i  ns  tit  u  t  e  d  t  h  e  ev  i  dence  should  be  gone  into  much  More  carefully  and  f  u  ll  y  upon  that  point  than..is  the  case  atpresent.  I  should  also.state  that  under  the  municipal  act,  any  person  guilty  ;  ,of  bribery.  May  be  pro proceeeled'iageilAt  ceeeled'iageilAt proceeeled'iageilAt  .  1 STYLE=superscript  )Y  ?AMP  e  40%  190  5 STYLE=superscript  Y  All  action,  to  receive  a  penalty.  It  is  not  In  4lie  pr9  , STYLE=superscript  eine,„e  /  ofthe  coutieil•  to  mesa mesaa  a mesaa  penalty,theinsel,ees..„Any  pepeapanaybe  proceeded  against',&#34;  at.  common  law  9r  by  amiefermationunder  the  statute,  but  what  I  wish  to  say  is,  that  the  evidence  now  before  the  coun council  cil council  is.byHne  means  sufficient  to  sustain  a  proceeding  of  that  kind,  Mr.  GREGSON  :  After  the  opinion:which,  has  been  expressed  by  the  town-clerk,  I  shall  beg  leave  to  withdraw  my  motion.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  CUARLES  TtaINER  I  was  going  to  suggest,  if  the  motion  had  not  been  withdrawn,  that  it  would  be  better  to  give  notice  for  some  fliture  council,  so  that  time  might  be  given  to  consider  the  matter.  Mr.  ItRADLEY  ;  air.lllayox  ,  Lurh  s  ...,gnixacct  this  position,  I  think  you  will  see  the  propriety  of  my  not  offering  any  observations.  (Cries  of  hear,  hear).  The  council  then  proceeded  with  the  filling  up  of  the  vacancies  upon  the  committees.  Mr.  Mame  was  appointed  to  the  church  expenditure  com committee.  mittee. committee.  Mr,  Hove  begged  to  move,  as  chairman:  of  the  water  come  mittee,  that  Mr.  garlebe  Appointed  toi  the  vacant  place  on,  that  committee,  He  said  he  felt  satisfied  that  the  well-known  abilities  of  Mr.  Earle  and  his  qualifications  to  attend  to  the  duties  of  that  office,  would  :be-sufficient  .to  recommend  him  every  member  ckethe  council.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  Coo.toin  seconded  the  motion,  - STYLE=superscript  Mr,  Doyen;  I  rise  ,to  propose  another  gentleraan,  but  I  do  not  do.  so  in  opposition  to  Mr.  Earle.  I  beg-  topropose  that  Mr.  Bradley  be  appointed  a  member  of  that  committee.  I  lost  the  opportunity  of  making  some  remarks  a  while  ago,  which  lam  now  going  to  make.  (Hear,  and  laughter)  While,  sir  e  I  rise  to  propose  Mr.  Bradley,  t  distinctly  say  again  that  I  do  so,  not  out  of  any  wish  to  prevent  Mr.  Earle  front  en entering  tering entering  the  committee,  because  I  think  he  would  be  e  a  one  m  ohm  os  n  :  useful  naitte  member,.  4otole,  h  a  Ad  o  Ar  do  r.  Bradley  was  a  think  kthat  member  of  surheieratr  reason  been  adduced,  why  he  should  be  kept  off  the  committee.  The  town-clerk-  has  told  you  that  the  evidence  upon  which  the  committee,  of  which  I  was  a  member,  came  to  a  decision,  was  not  such  as  would  convict  a  man  in  a  court  of  law,  (Cries  of  The  Towrreeeenx  ;  Oh,  no,  I  beg  your  pardon,;  I  said  no  such  thing,  Mr.  DOVER  Then  I  misunderstood  you,  Mr.  Bradley  has  been,  there  can  be  no  doubt,  proved  guilty  of  attempt attempting  ing attempting  to  influence  voters  by  undue  means,  (Gen  era  l  cr  i  es  o  f  hear,  hear.)  I  ask  this  of  any  member  of  the  council,  any  man  who  has  mixed  inuela  in  electioneering  matters  ap•  the  municipal  welds,  I  ask  him  can  h  e  conscientiously  say,  in  respect  to  his  having  e  ver  use  d  any  undue  influence,  These  hands  are  (Cries  of  hear,  hear.)  More  than  one  member  of  the  council,  has  confessed  to  me,  that  among  other  things  to  which  he  was  indebted  for  his  election  there  was  —what  I  have  heard  the  expression  used  more  than  once,  beer  and  bad  tobacco.  (Oh,  oh,  cries  of  hoar,  and  laughter.)  Any  person  who  has  mixed  much  with  municipal  elections,  and  I  have  myself  mixed  much  with  them,  and  I  do  not  come  before  you  here,  building  upon  my  innocence  of  wrong,  m  w  i  e  ll  mers  admit  ct  f  t  i  t  i  h  s  andcouncil  en  d  o  have  declare,  n  c  e,  o  :  ri  t  i  hi.  e  ne  n  e  t  r  i  s  o  :  n  .m  s  l  e  y  (  H,etxehtaaernt:mh  thatea  anry  gr.  Bradley  has  gone,  and  therefore  if  we  are  to  keep  him  off  the  sub-committee,  because  lie  used  undue  means  j  ea  t  n  h  s  at  at  an  e  municipal  election,  there  are  a  great  number  e  - STYLE=superscript  who  should  also  be.  JinAttea  ,  r,  we  must  b...  in  k  n  u  o  o  d  w  son  of  .  the  kindness  and  good  foal;  election  is  a  kind  of  Saturnalia,  when  people  consider  tue.o.-  selves  at  liberty  to  do  and  say  thi  ngs  w  hi  c  h  th  ey  would  not  do  or  say  at  any  other  period.  S  ome  a  ll  owance  ought  to  be  made  for  this.  fromh  friend  attr  I  .  that  if  the  feelings  of  opposition  had  b  een  a  ll  owe  d  to  cool,  if  some  few  or,  feelings  weeks  had  gone  over,  we  should  never  have  heard  of  this  charge  against  Mr.  Bradley  ;  but  he  acted  upon  the  impulse  of  the  unfortunate  feeling  which  pervades  elections  in  general,  and  hence  this  charge  was  brought,  and  the  evidence  gone  into,  But  I  say  this  to  the  other  mem members  bers members  of  the  cogged  ;  In  the  evidence  before  the  committee,  it  was  proved  that  upon  the  other  side  —not  by  my  friend  Mr.  Hodson,  certainly—but  it  was  proved  that  an  influen influential  tial influential  member  of  his  committee  did  pay  the  water-rents  of  voters.  We  all  know  that  such  things  are  done  at  muni muni,  , muni,  oipal  elections.  I  was  afraid,  when  Mr..  Hodson  brought  the  charge,  that  he  distinctly  stated  in  hi  s  no  t  e  to  M  r.  Bradley,  that  Mr,  hradley  said  to  Stopforth,  if  he  would  vote  for  Mr.  pa  w  ol  his  water-rent  would  be  excused.  That  was  in  Mr.  Hodsoe'  , STYLE=superscript  s  note  to  Mr.  Bradley  ;  and  all  that  Mr.  Bradley  has  been  guilty  of,  in  my  mind,  was  using  undue  influence.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  if  nlr,  Bradley  had  been  the  only  member  of  the  council  who  had  used  undue  influence,  such  as  that  at  the  last  election,  I  should  be  the  last  man  to  move  him  upon  the  eommittee„  I  think,  air,  this  is  carrying  I  the  thing  too  far.  I  think  we  have  gone  far  enough  in  it,  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Bradley  has  heard  the  report,  and  think  we  should  go  nq  further.  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  said  he  meant  to  secondthe  motion  for  the  Very  abject  with  which  the  worthy  alderman  'had  proposed  it,  to  get  an  Qpportunity  of  making  a  few  remarks.'  (Laughter.)  Now  he  understood  that  the  worthy  alder alderman  man alderman  was  one  of  t  4  foremost  in  unanimity  upon  the  con.  mittee  which  bad  just  sat  upon  that  question.  What  was  the  question  ?  It  was  not  '  the  question  that  alderman  Dover  had  gone  into  ;  but  the  question  was  whetheetcrE  Mr.  Bradley  war.  entitled  to  sit  open  the  committees.  The  council  unanimously,  without  opposition,  confirmed  the  report  of  the  committee,  sod  the  worthy  alderman,  for  the'  sake  of  bringing  out  something  which  had  been  kept  back,  proposed  that  Mr.  Bradley  should  be  appointed  a  member  of  the  water  committee  ;  and  he  (Alderman  Parker)  for  the  same  reason  begged  to  second  the  motion.  Now  the  penalty  flr  o  br  r  i  e  b  n  e  a  rir  ty  7  ta  —a  h  n  e  d  m  h  or  e  al  (Al  ly  d  d  erin  egr  a  a  n  de  P  d  ar  a  k  n  e  d  r)  po  k  li  ne  ti  w  ca  lt  ly  w  d  e  e  ll  a  -  z  That  Was  the  punishment.  Being  one  who  was  charged  with  such  an  offetce,  he  might  stand  up  there  to  make  a  feW  remarks  upon  what  had  fallen  from  Mr.  Dover,  He  •  was  not  treated  with  the  same  courtesy  , STYLE=superscript  as  Mr,  Bradley  w  s  s  Was  not  merely  that  Mr.  Parker  was  unworthy  .of  a  seal  upon  a  committee,  but  he  was  at  once  brought  before  a  'ury  of  his  country,  tried  by  a  jury  of  his  countrymen,  honour-  '~;  _"
