text
"GRAND  BANQUET  TO  LORD  ELP.HIN.  STONE.  On  Saturday  evening,  the  Directors  of  the  East  India  Company  gave  a  grand  entertainment  to  the  Right  Hon.  Lord  Elphinstone,  at  the  London  Tavern,  on  the  occasion  of  his  appointment  as  Governor  of  Bombay.  Mr.  Russell  Ellice,  Chairman  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  was  in  the  chair,  having  Lord  Elphinstone,  the  guest  of  the  evening,  on  his  right  hand.  There  were  also  present,  on  the  right—Earl  Granville,  the  Marquis  of  Lansdowne,  Lord  Canning,  Lord  Hardin,ge,  Sir  Charles  Wood,  Mr.  Wigrarn,  Lord  Campbell,  Mr.  Sidney  Herbert,  Sir  James  Graham,  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  Mr.  Cardwell,  Sir  James  Hogg,  Vice-Chancellor  Page  Wood,  &amp;c.  On  the  left  of  the  chair chairman  man chairman  there  were—The  Lord  Mayor,  the  Deputy  Chairman  of  the  Company,  the  Earl  of  Elgin,  the  Earl  of  Bessborough,  the  Earl  of  Shelburne,  Lord  Sydney,  Mr.  Lock,  Lord  Ernest  Bruce,  Lord  Stanley  of  Alderley,  Mr.  S.  Lushington,  Mr.  Hayter,  Mr.  Baines,  Lord  Justice  Turner  Vice-Chancellors  Kindersley  and  Stuart,  Sir  Richard  Jenkins,  the  Solicitor Solicitor,  , Solicitor,  General,  &amp;c.  After  the  usual  loyal  toasts  the  CHAIRMAN  gave  the  toast  of  the  evening  health  of  the  right  hon.  Lord  Elphin 'Elphinstone.'  (Great  cheering).  Lord  ELPHISSTONE  thanked  the  company  for  the  flatter flattering  ing flattering  manner  in  which  they  had  received  his  health.  This  was  not  the  first  time  that  he  had  stood  in  the  position  of  returning  thanks  for  an  honour  conferred  upon  him  of  a  similar  nature  ;  but  he  must  confess  he  did  not  find  that,  that  at  all  lightened  the  difficulty  of  finding  words  in  which  to  express  its  thanks  to  them.  He  did  not  go  out  to  India  an  untried  man,  but  in  going  he  felt  the  full  responsibilities  of  the  situation  he  was  about  to  under undertake.  take. undertake.  And  he  must  also  add  that  he  would  be  ungrate ungrateful,  ful, ungrateful,  indeed,  if  he  did  not  also  remember  the  assistance  and  the  support  which  he  had  received  when  he  was  Go Govenor  venor Govenor  of  Madras,  both  from  the  directors  of  the  East  India  Company  and  their  various  servants  in  India,  and  with without  out without  with  assistance  he  felt  he  should  not  have  been  equal  to  the  situation.  But  it  was  the  peculiar  good  fortune  of  the  Indian  government  to  possess  a  body  of  servants,  both  in  the  civil  and  the  military  departments,  which  he  believed  to  be  altogether  unequalled  for  their  zeal  and  ability—men  of  tried  experience,  who  had  been  educated  and  brought  up  in  the  service  of  the  company;  and,  with  their  assistance,  he  did  not  despair  of  accomplishing  the  objects  for  which  he  had  been  sent  out.  (Applause).  It  was  unnecessary  for  him  to  dwell  at  any  length  on  what  he  conceived  were  the  prin principal  cipal principal  objects  of  an  Indian  governor.  He  would  only  say  that  the  principal  objects  w  which  he  proposed  to  himself  in  his  government  were  three—first,  to  develop  the  resources  of  the  country  ;  second,  to  promote  the  sound  and  practical  secular  education  of  the  natives.—  (applause);  and  third,  to  advance  and  promote,  as  opportunities  might  offer,  those  natives  who  might  qualify  themselves  for  situations  of  trust  in  the  public  service.  (Great  applause).  In  all  these  objects  he  relied  with  perfect  confidence  on  the  countenance  and  support  of  the  court  of  directors.  He  was  convinced,  from  all  he  had  seen,  that  it  was  the  wish  of  the  people  of  this  country  that  the  natives  of  India  should  have  their  full  share  in  the  ad.  vantages  and  privileges  of  British  rule  -  and  it  was  a  great  comfort  to  him  that  upon  this  subject  his  feelings  and  views  should  be  in  entire  unison  with  the  views  of  the  court  of  directors  and  of  her  Majesty's  government.  (Applause.)  He  would  only  say,  in  conclusion,  that  if  he  were  in  any  degree  enabled  to  promote  these  views  and  objects,  he  should  feel  that  he  had  not  gone  to  India  in  vain.  Next  to  the  approbation  of  his  own  conscience,  his  greatest  pride  would  ever  be  to  receive  the  approbation  of  the  honourable  the  court  of  directors,  and  of  her  Majesty's  government.  (Applause).  The  health  of  her  Majesty's  Ministers  having  been  given,  Earl  GRANVILLE  responded.  He  said  he  felt  much  embarrassed  in  rising  .  to  return  thanks  on  behalf  of  her  Majesty's  ministers  in  the  presence  of  so  many  of  his  infinitely  more  distinguished  colleagues,  but  it  had  been  so  long  his  pride  and  gratification  to  obey  the  orders  of  the  noble  marquis  near  him  (the  Marquis  of  Lansdowne)  that  he  could  not  refuse  to  do  so  now.  He  might  state  that  her  Majesty's  government,  after  long,  careful,  and  anxious  deliberation,  had  resolved  to  take  that  course  which  appeared  to  them  the  best  adapted  to  promote  the  welfare  of  the  natives  of  India,  without  showing  favour  either  to  one  side  or  another  at  home;  and  he  could  assure'  the  meeting  that  he  and  all  his  colleague  i  s  appreciated  the  straightforward  and  single-minded  manner  in  which  the  East  India  Company  had  met  their  endeavours  so  to  act.  And  in  future  he  was  sure  the  East  India  Company  would  find  that  her  Majesty's  government  would  always  be  ready  to  co-operate  with  them  in  every  measure  that  was  calcu calculated  lated calculated  to  promote  the  welfare  of  the  inhabitants  of  India.  (Applause.)  Ile  should  not  do  justice  to  the  feelings  of  her  Majesty's  ministers  if  he  did  not  express  on  their  part  the  gratification  which  they  felt  at  the  appointment  of  his  noble  friend  Lord  Elphinstone,  which  appointment  had  also  met  the  approbation  of  such  a  high  authority  as  Lord  Hardinge.  (Applause.)  It  had  happened  to  him  that  by  such  an  accident  as  that  which  called  him  to-night  to  return  thanks  for  her  Majesty's  ministers,  he  was  placed  in  the  chair  of  a  committee  of  the  House  of  Lords  to  inquire  into  the  affairs  of  India  ;  and  when  there,  he  found  himself  in  the  position  of  that  young  member  of  narliamen.t  who  oxi  beim?  retnteed  for  ft  pert-Qin  was  asked  it  he  Wand  much  difficulty  in  public  speaking.  His  reply  was,  that  practice  made  perfect  ;  and  that  for  Ins  part  the  only  difficulty  he  found  was  in  having  something  to  say.  (Laughter.)  So  he  (Earl  Granville)  had  no  difficulty  in  putting  questions  ;  his  only  difficulty  was  in  knowing  what  to  ask.  But  he  must  say  that  while  he  found  from  all  the  witnesses  full  and  clear  information  on  every  subject,  he  had  especially  found  from  Lord  Elphinstone,  whether  in  the  committee  or  in  the  House  of  Lords,  that  he  not  only  was  in  possession  of  a  vast  amount  of  information  with  respect  to  India,  but  that  he  also  appeared  to  have  formed  clear  and  candid  opinions  on  all  questions  affecting  the  welfare  of  those  great  dependencies.  (Applause.)  He  believed  he  might  say  with  the  greatest  truth  that  not  only  her  Majesty's  ministers,  but  all  present,  wished  him  every  prosperity  in  the  adminis administration  tration administration  of  those  affairs  which  had  formed  the  study  of  his  whole  life.  An  acquaintance  with  him  of  twenty  years'  standing  enabled  him  (Earl  Granville)  to  say  that  his  noble  friend  was  one  of  the  most  honourable  and  high-minded  men  he  had  ever  been  his  good  fortune  to  meet  with.  (Applause.)  He  begged  again  to  thank  them  for  the  honour  they  had  done  her  Majesty's  ministers,  and  he  cordially  joined  them  in  wishing  all  health  and  prosperity  to  his  noble  friend.  (Applause.)  The  Marquis  of  LANSDOWNE  said  he  should  hardly  have  felt  himself  called  upon  to  obtrude  upon  their  attention  on  this  occasion,  were  it  not  that  he  knew  it  would  be  agreeable  to  their  feelings  that  they  should  not  part  without  paying  a  tribute  of  respect  to  the  chairman  of  the  East  India  Com Company.  pany. Company.  (Applause.)  With  respect  to  the  particular  occasion  on  which  they  had  met—the  occasion  of  celebrating  the  ap appointment  pointment appointment  of  his  noble  friend  to  an  important  station  in  India—he  need  scarcely  say  anything.  As  one  of  her  Majesty's  ministers,  they  had  already  spoken  by  the  mouth  of  their  foreman—his  noble  friend  near  him,  and  who  was  the  first  in  official  rank  among  them,  and  by  whom  they  had  been  ably  represented  to-day—so  that  there  could  be  no  doubt  as  to  their  feelings  on  the  appointment.  In  another  capacity  he  might  be  held  to  appear  among  them  as  a  member  of  one  of  the  most  important  constitutional  authorities  in  the  country—the  House  of  Lords—who,  as  well  as  the  other  !house  of  parliament,  have  always  been  in  connection  with  the  East  India  Company,  ,and  who  have  ever  felt  the  advantage  of  leaving  the  affairs  of  the  company  in  the  hands  of  the  directors  and  their  chair chairman  man chairman  ;  and  he  was  sure  both  houses  would  always  be  ready  to  acknowledge  the  merit,  the  skill,  and  the  judgment  with  which  they  had  administered  them.  As  a  member  of  the  House  of  Lords  he  was  certain  he  spoke  the  feelings  of  all  composing  that  assembly,  when  he  said  that  if  a  vote  could  have  been  proposed  there,  er  if  any  pro proposition  position proposition  could  have  been  made  in  conformity  with  the  prin principles  ciples principles  of  the  constitution  with  respect  to  the  merits  of  the  selection  which  the  East  India  Company  had  made  in  the  new  Governor  of  Bombay—if  ever  vote  was  passed  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  in  the  House  of  Lords,  that  vote  would  have  been  a  vote  in  favour  of  his  noble  friend.  (Applause.)  There  are,  and  there  always  have  been,  in  that  house  members  who  de derive  rive derive  their  right  to  .it  th  at  usbeinbly  170  m  their  connection  with  services  rendered  in  India  to  the  East  India  Company,  and  to  the  country  at  large.  Even  in  this  room,  they  had  great  living  instances,  (applause,)  and  among  the  first  families  in  the  country  there  were  persons  who  dated  their  origin  and  their  position  from  services  in  the  East.  There  were  others  who  had  made  for  themselves  a  career,  in  some  respects  a  new  career,  by  serving  not  only  the  Company  with  zeal  and  fidelity,  but  also,  as  his  noble  friend  had  told  them,  by  holding  it  to  be  a  great  and  solemn  duty  so  to  ad administer  minister administer  the  affairs  of  the  country  as  to  benefit  the  natives  who  were  committed  to  their  charge.  He  had  every  confi confidence  dence confidence  that  parliament  had  acted  wisely  in  placing  the  go government  vernment government  of  India  once  more  in  the  hands  of  the  company,  and  his  confidence  was  all  the  greater  from  finding  his  hon.  friend  in  the  chair  placed  at  the  head  of  the  company,  to  whom  he  begged  to  return  thanks  for  the  generous  hospitality  with  which  he  had  brought  them  together  to-day  and  he  would  beg  to  propose  as  a  toast,  The  Chairman  and  Directors  of  the  East  India  (Applause.)  TILE  EMPRESS  EUOENIE.-But  the  Empress—has  she  red  hair?  Has  she  absurdly  large  features,  and  a  ridiculously  long  nose  ?  Does  she  look  proud  and  haughty  like  a  parvenu  ?  —bronzed  and  audacious  like  a  successful  adventuress  ?  In  short,  is  she  like  the  descriptions  we  have  read  of  her  from  the  pans  of  her  enemies  and  rivals  ?  No,  she  is  not.  She  is  as  sweet  and  gentle  a  lady  as  ever  it  was  our  fortune  to  look  upon.  None  of  her  portraits  do  her  justice,  a  point  greatly  in  her  favor,  for  we  remember  hearing  Sir  Henry.ltaeburn  say,  woman's  face  is  worth  anything  if  it  can  be  put  upon  —meaning  that  variety  and  transitoriness  of  expression  were  the  finest  parts  of  female  beauty.  Even  in  feature  she  is  statuesque  and  regular;  'twasna  her  bonny  blue  e'e  was  my  ruin  it  was  the  soft,  feminine  gracious graciousness  ness graciousness  of  look  and  motion  ;  the  retiring  and  yet  self-possessed  manner  with  which  she  acknowledged  the  sincere  and  hearty  reception  of  the  spectators—and  to  us— 'us('  Land  of  any  sires  !  what  mortal  hand  Shall  e'er  untie  the  filial  band  _  .  That  binds  me  to  thy  rugged  strand  she  had  an  indefinable  charm—powerless  perhaps  on  the  hearts  of  French,  or  even  English.  She  was  the  exact  re representative  presentative representative  of  the  yellow-haired  we  read  of  in  Burns's  songs—a  refined  Scottish  expression  about  her  mouth,  winning  and  humorous,  completed  the  effect.—  Blackwood."
