text
"Ullianter.  Advertisements  under  this  head,  not  exceeding  Three  Lines,  are  inserted  in  this  Paper  at  a  Charge  of  air  Parties  answering  advertisements  in  'the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  are  requested  to  attend  to  the  following  explanations:  Reference  means  that  personal  appli application  cation application  must  be  made  at  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Office.  Address  (capital  letter  or  number),  means  that  ap application  plication application  must  be  made  by  letter,  post-free,  and  ini  no  other  way.  PARTNER  WANTED.  An  opportunity  is  now  presented  to  any  .  Gentleman  having  at  command  a  capital  of  £2OOO,  to  join  the  advertiser  in  an  old  esta established,  blished, established,  and  prosperous  business.  None  but  Principals  *ill  be  treated  with.  Address,  in  the  first  instance  with  deal  name  and  address,  B.  W.  K.,  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Liverpool.  A  YOUNG  LADY  is  desirous  of  meeting  with  11_  an  engagement  as  COMPANION  to  a  LADY,  or  to  TAKE  CHARGE  of  a  YOUNG  FAMILY.  Salary  of  no  object.  The  most  respectable  references  can  be  given.—  Address,  Box  F,  13,  Post  Office,  Liverpool.  CONSULT  the  Old  Medical  Practitioner  for  the  speedy:  and  effectual  cure  of  every  stage  and  symptom  of  Nervous  Debility,  Depression  of  Spirits,  Indiges Indigestion,  tion, Indigestion,  Delusions  of  the  mind,  Skin  Diseases,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  Melsrs.  LEWIS  &amp;  CO.,  Consulting  Surgeons,  44,  NELSON  STREET,  GEORGE'S  SQUARE,  LIY  fIRPOOL,  where  the  afflicted  may  apply  with  confidence,  as  we  have  had  32  years  successful  practice  in  all  the  above  diseases.  Hours  of  Attendance,  from  9  in  the  morning  till  •  9  at  night,  and  Sundays  from  9  till  2.  Private  entrance  to  the  Surgery,  1,  Bailey  St.  off  Grenirille  street.  DR.  LEwis's  Medical  Work,  Price  ls.,  or  free  by  Post  ls.  6d.,  can  be  had  from  the  Authors  Residence,  44,  N4son  Street,  Great  George's  Square,  Liverpool.  Vublication4.  Just  published,  price  ls.  ;  by  post  16  stamps,  DEAFgESS:  it;  Causes  and  Origin.  *VI..  S.  E.  SMITH,  38,  Princess-street,  Manchester.  Part  Ist.  Introduction,  pointing  out  the  great  danger  of  tampering  with  this  delicate  portion  of  the  human  frame.  Part  2nd.  Anatomical  descriptions,  with  observations,  Part  3rd.  The  various  diseases  to  which  the  ear  is  liable,  and  principal  causes  of  deafness.  Sold  by  Lewis,  Market-street;  Heywood,  Oldham-street,  Kelly  and  Slater,  Market-street,  Manchester."
