text
"f-  yea  Gl.ernment  Iv.petto?  n  of  the  is  Eze.pt  in  Tnrki-b,  little  or  no  huainegs  has  been  done  in  Foreign  Seenritips.  Joint  Stock  Bink  Shares  all  keep  on.  The  Colonial  Bank  have  declared  a  dividend  of  5  per  cent.  SATURDAY.—OWIIIT  to  the  unfavourable  of  the  bank  returns.  Consols  which  closed  last  n;ght  at  861  to  1,  opened  this  morning  at  a  decline  of  but,  upon  the  publication  in  the  Press  of  an  Intimation  that  the  eoun'er  proposals  of  Russia  would  be  of  an  acceptable  character,  and  that  the  prospects  of  peace  were  favourable,  an  im improvement  provement improvement  took  place  which  was  steadily  maintained  until  the  price  reached  861-  to  1.  A  slight  reaction  then  occurred  upon  the  receipt  of  lower  pr  - STYLE=superscript  ces  from  Paris,  and  the  closing  quotation  was  861  to  1.  The  market  was  then  rather  firm,  owing  to  an  anticipation  of  important  news  respecting  the  Proposed  negotiations  arriving  either  to tomorrow  morrow tomorrow  or  on  Monday.  Business  was  not  very  active  at  any  period  of  the  day.  Railway  stocks  were  better,  but  quotations  are  only  regarded  as  nominal,  few  transactions  took  place.  The  prospectus  of  the  Recife  and  San  Fran Francisco  cisco Francisco  Railway  Company  was  issued  to-day.  The  line,  which  will  be  78  miles  in  ;length,  is  to  traverse  the  Per Pernambuco  nambuco Pernambuco  sugar  district.  The  grant  is  in  perpetuity  and  the  Brazilian  Government  guarantee  5  per  cent.,  and  the  Legislature  of  Pernambuco  two  per  Cent.  interest  upon  the  capital  of  .£1,200,000  for  a  period  of  90  years.  The  terms  of  the  concession  are  advantageous  in  other  respects.  Foreign  stocks.  except  Turkish,  have  scarcely  moved.  The  Six  per  Cents,  were  done  at  791,  and  closed  at  791  to  801.  The  Guaranteed  Stock  declined  to  41  to  f  dip.  All  other  descriptions  neglected.  In  miscelbin  OUR  shares  no  transactions  can  be  reported,  and  but  few  in  banks  :  but  the  quotations  keep  up.  There  is  no  change  in  the  money  market.  The  French  Three  per  Cents  opened  at  62f.  500  the  closing  price  of  last  night,  and  at  half-past  one  they  came  at  62f  30c.,  being  a  tall:of  from  k  to  I.  The  following  is  the  offical  return  of  the  exports  of  the  Precious  Metals  from  the  ports  of  London  for  the  week  ending  Jan.  3rd,  1856  :  —Gold  bars  to  Boulogne,  100  ozs  ;  silver  coin,  do.,  660  ozs.  The  following  are  the  Gazette  average  prices  of  muscovado  Sugar,  for  the  week  ending  January  Bth,  1856,  exclusive  of  Custom's  duties  payable  thereon,  on  the  imnortation  thereof  into  Great  Britain  :—From  the  West  Indies,  29s  3  , STYLE=superscript  1  per  cwt  ;  East  Indies,  33s  21  per  cwt.  Average  price  of  the  two  foregoing  descriptions.  32s  11141  p'r  cwt.  In  Mincing-lane  this  week  the  purellas-s  of  most  of  the  leading  articles  of  colonial  produce  have  been  quite  of  a  retail  character;  and,  except  at  much  reduced  quotations,  holders  have  found  it  impracticable  to  efieet  sles.  This  is  more  par.  titularly  the  ease  in  the  sugar  market,  the  quantity  offered  at  public  sale  having  generally  been  bought  in.  A  large  quantity  .of  coffee  .has  been  offered  for  sale,  and  a  decline  of  6d.  to  is.  per  ewt.  has  occurred  for  some  kinds  of  plantation  Ceylon  Nctive  has  ruled  dull  but  steady.  Cocoa  has  been  .  _  inactive;  and  f  or  rum  ,  a  t  the  racent  reduction,  there  has  been  a  very  limited  inquiry.  Rice  h  as  been  dull,  and  also  saltpetre.  Pimento.  nutmegs,  and  mace  h  ave  b  een  ra  ther  cheape  r  .  hut.  Singapor  e  white  Pepper  has  rather  advanced.  Cotton  has  contined  (II  - STYLE=superscript  apt,  and  tallow  has  tended  downwards.  The  quotation  of  gold  at  Paris  is  4  per  mille  premium,  and  the  exchange  on  London  at  short  is  25  30,  m  a  id  og  gold  about  0.12  per  cent  dearer  in  London  than  in  Pmiis  1,1  nt  TT  wr  marl  and  the'  pxciian  London  at  A(  gold  0  . STYLE=superscript  23  per  cent  Hamburg.  from  her  Majes  a  French  ImPer  to  the  present  first  quality,  the  same  duties,  with  3fr  per  100  kilos.  added.  The  Paris  Bourse  continues  greatly  prejudiced  by  the  diminution  of  faith  in  the  prospects  of  peace,  'and  by  the  unfavourable  portion  of  the  Bank  of  France.  The  letters  received  from  Paris  yesterday  afternoon  describe  extreme  depression  on  the  Bourse,  and  to-day's  telegraph  repor;s  a  fresh  fall  of  -2-  to  I  per  cent.  on  the  Three  por  cent.  Rentes  The  import  of  the  precious  metals  this  week  have  not  greatly  exceeded  60,0001.  The  total  value  of  reported  shipments  is  about  73,0001.  The  Railway  Share  Market  was  extremely  quiet  to-day..  The  following  are  th  e  l  ast  quo  t  at  i  ons  donian,  53/  51.  Eastern  Counties,  81  81.  Lancashire,  69  70.  Great  Northern.  88  Ditto  A,  724  73g.  Great.  W  chestex  51.  7  61-  London  and  Nortli'%Ve7,t  —Cale  Northern  )3;1.  Man  Midland  Stock,  624  64  North  British,  28  ~ STYLE=superscript  29  South  Eastern  and  Dover  561  561.  York,  N'ew•castk  and  Berwick,  66  67.  York  and  North  Midland,  441  44g.  LATES  I  INTELLIGENC  SECOND  )ITinv,  THE  EMPEROIt's  'LY  TO  AU  STRIA"
