text
"WEST  DERBY  UNION.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  board  was  held  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  in  the  Union-house,  Mr.  J.  HARRISON,  in  the  chair.  The  guardians  present  were—Messrs.  Alpass,  Shaw,  G.  Har Harrison,  rison, Harrison,  Hayes,  Roskell,  Browne,  Welsby,  Jeffrey,  Lunt,  Kirkus,  MOuntfield,  Craig,  Abrahams,  Medcalf,  McGee,  Smith,  and  Carter..  The  master  of  the  workhouse  reported  that  there  were  674  paupers  in  the  house,  and  in  the  corresponding  week  last  year,  there  were  710.  The  accounts  shewed  that  there  were  £BO4  4s.  10d.  in  the  hands  of  the  treasurer,  and  £2OB  were  given  to  the  four  re relieving  lieving relieving  officers.  Mr.  HAY  E  9  requested  to  have  the  motion  he  had  given  notice  to  move,  remain  on  the  minutes.  Mr.  Kiaxus  said  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  board,  he  had  given  notice  that  he  should  move  that  an  organ  be  erected  in  the  chapel  connected  with  the  house,  and  he  therefore  had  much  pleasure  in  doing  so  on  the  present  occasion.  He  did  not  know  whether  the  guardians  were  in  the  habit  of  at attending  tending attending  the  chapel,  if  they  were  not,  he  would  tell  them  that  the  service  was  one  of  the  dullest  things  imaginable,  and  he  did  not  know  how  it  was  got  over,  and  it  was  all  for  the  want  of  an  organ.  He  should  therefore  move  that  an  organ  be  erected  in  the  chapel.  A  GUARDIAN  :  What  would  be  the  cost  of  the  organ,  ?  Mr.  KIRKITS  replied  that  he  had  been  informed  by  a  friend  of  his,  who  was  well  acquainted  with  music,  that  one  could  be  obtained  for  L4O  to  X6O.  —That  would  be  the  price  of  one  with  8  or  10  stops,  and  he  had  the  pleasure  of  informing  the  meeting  that  there  would  not  be  any  additional  expenses.  Mr.  Kirkus  concluded  by  moving  that  an  organ  be  erected  in  the  chapel,  at  an  expense  not  exceeding  £6O.  Mr.  RosRELL  had  great  pleasure  in  seconding  the  motion.  The  motion  was  unanimously  carried  and  a  committee  appointed,  at  the  suggestion  of  Mr.  Kirkus,  to  select  the  most  suitable  instrument.  DISMISSAL  OF  THE  SCHOOLMASTER  AND  MISTRESS.  The  visiting  committee  reported  that  having  considered  the  report  of  the  inspector  of  schools,  which  alluded  to  the  inefficiency  of  the  school•mistress,  and  having  also  considered  the  fact  of  her  being  a  mother  will  render  her  services  still  less  efficient,  it  was  resolved  that  the  committee  recommend  that  she  be  requested  to  resign  her  present  situation  The  adoption  of  the  repo  - STYLE=superscript  rt  was  . STYLE=superscript  moved'  by  Mr.  SHAND,  upon  which  _  _  Mr.  ALPASS  said,  on  the  face  of  the  report  it  would  appear  that  nothing  had  been  done  or  said  about  the  schoolmaster,  Mr.  Reid,  and  it  would  appear  that  they  were  perfectly  satisfied  with  him,  and  his  management  of  the  school,  but  he  was  perfectly  satisfied  that  such  was  not  the  case.  He  had  noticed  the  most  gross  mismanagement  in  the  school  by  the  schoolmaster,  and  had  on  more  than  one  occasion  complained  to  him.  Mr.  SHAW  explained  that  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Reid  had  been  considered  by  the  committee,  and  it  was  only  decided  by  the  casting  vote  of  the  chairman,  that  he  should  not  be  requested  to  resign,  as  well  as  his  wife.  It  was  the  unani unanimous  mous unanimous  expressed  opinion  •of  the  meeting  :that  his  :conduct  was  not  what  it  ought  to  be.  Mr.  JEFFERY,  having  been  a  guardian  for  the  last  13  years,  expressed  the  dissatisfaction  he  had  felt  at  the  mis mismanagement  management mismanagement  of  the  schoolmaster.  Mr.  ROSKELL  said  he  did  not  think  they  were  doing  their  duty  to  the  poor,  or  to  the  ratepayers,  in  overlooking  the  inefficiency  which  had  characterised  the  management  of  the  school.  The  schoolmaster  had  not  given  satisfaction  to  the  board,  that  was  a  well-known  fact,  and  he  was  only  kept  in  through  merciful  motives.  MI:  - STYLE=superscript  ..ALPASS  said  he  was.not  aware  that  the  inspector  had  alluded  to  the  schoolmaster  and  mistress  in  such  direct  terms  in  his  report  as  he  had  done—for  he  found  he  said,  should  not  recommend  any  pupil  teachers  to  the  school  if  they  should  continue  to  hold  the  present  Such  being  the  case  he  did  not  think  he  should  be  doing  his  duty  to  the  ratepayers  or  to  the  poor,  if  he  did  not  move  that  both  the  schoolmaster  and  the  schoolmistress  be  suspended.  They  would,  by  keeping  them  in  office,  not  only  be  doing  an  injury  to  the  ch  i  ld  ren  i  n  th  e  school,  but  they  would  be  doing  an  injury  to  society  generally.  He  believed  that  it  would  be  found  that  the  school,  under  such  management,  would  be  a  curse  instead  of  a  blessing.  He  concluded  by  moving  that  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Reed  be  suspended.  Mr.  JEFFERY  seconded  the  motion.  After  a  b  brief  conversation  it  was  aranzed  lit  parties  should  be  requested  to  resign,  as,  ny  auoptmg  teat  course,  they  would  not  be  prevented  from  obtaining  another  situation  ;  should  they  not  do  so  the  motion  for  suspension  would  be  again  moved.  THE  GUARDIANS  AND  THE  POLICE  MAGISTRATES.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  there  had  been  another  subject  brought  before  the  committee,  upon  which  no  report  had  been  made,  but  it  had  occupied  much  of  their  attention  ;  he  alluded  to  the  charge  which  had  been  made  against  the  master  of  the  house,  Mr.  Gough,  by  a  woman  named  M'Nally,  and  is  thus  alluded  to  in  the  papers.  CASE  OF  HARDSHIP.-A  poor  woman,  named  Mary  M‘lVally,  who  presented  a  most  wretched  and  poverty povertystricken  stricken povertystricken  appearance,  was  charged  with  assaulting  two  of  the  officers  of  the  West  Derby  workhouse,  and  throwing  a  stone  at  the  governor.  From  the  evidence  of  one  of  the  officers,  it  appears  that  she  had  gone  to  the  workhouse,  to  see  her  husband,  who  has  lain  ill  there  for  the  last  seven  months,  and  that  on  coming  out  she  committed  the  assault  with  which  she  was  then  charged.  In  her  defence,  the  prisoner  stated  that  her  husband  was  in  a  dying  state,  and  she  was  so  incensed  at  her  daughter,  who  accompanied  her  for  the  pur purpose,  pose, purpose,  not  being  permitted  to  take  leave  of  her  dying  father,  that  she  knew  not  what  she  did.  In  reply  to  the  magistrate,  the  officer  stated  that  the  mother  and  daughter  could  not,  by  the  rules,  be  admitted  to  see  •  their  relatives  on  the  same  day.  The  governor  would  have  admitted  them,  but  he  could  not  violate  those  rules.  The  magistrate  said  that  it  was  a  very  hard  case,  even  though  the  father  might  not  be  in  a  dying  state,  to  refuse  to  allow  so  near  relatives  as  a  wife  and  daugh daughter  ter daughter  to  see  him  ;  but  if  he  were  in  the  condition  stated,  it  was  cruel  not  to  have  admitted  them.  If  it  were  a  ruleof  the  workhouse,  it  should  be  administered  with  much  care,  and  he  hoped  the  matter  would  be  mentioned  to  the  guardians.  The  prisoner  was  In  consequence  of  this  statement,  the  committee  had  men mentioned  tioned mentioned  the  matter  to  Dr.  Nevins,  and  the  Catholic  priest  who  attended  the  union,  from  whom  they  had  received  the  fol following  lowing following  letters  :  _  West  Derby  Workhouse.  GENTLEMEN,—At  the  request  of  the  governor  and  committee  of  the  workhouse,  I  beg  to  state  that  I  have  visited  the  Catholic  poor  therein  for  upwards  of  three  months,  as  their  priest.  I  have  universally  been  treated  with  respect  and  kindness,  and  have  had  every  means  afforded  me  of  performing  the  duties  of  my  calling,  and  the  administration  of  the  holy  sacrament  at  all  times.  The  only  complaint  I  have  ever  heard  from  the  poor  under  my  charge  was  to  the  effect  that  there  was  some  delay  on  Sundays  in  their  departure  for  holy  mass.  This  I  mentioned  to  thee  governor,  and  it  was  kindly  and  duly  rectified.  regard  to  the  one  in  question,  of.  Mary  M'Nally,  I  will  add,  that  I  found  her  at  her  husband's  bedside  on  a  day  when  I  apprehended  imminent  danger,  and  when  I  was  administering  extreme  unction  to  him,  I  told  her  that  if  allowed  to  come  in,  she  might  be  present  at  the  acception  of  thg  holy  eucharist  next  day,  The  next  morning  she  came  early  to  the  Mission-house,  in  Salisbury-street,  and  told  me  that  she  feared  she  had  been  doing  me  mischief,  and  getting  me  into  trouble,  by  her  silly  words  and  importunate  language  to  the  governor  of  th  e  workhouse,  who  h  a  d  turned  hr  out  of  the  house  with  some  violence.  She  admitted  she  had  used  abusive  language,  and  had  threatened  the  law  to  the  governor.  For  the  rest,  gentlemen,  I  can  only  add,  that  the  Catholic  Irish  poor  are  too  apt  to  represent  their  supposed  grievances  with  temper.  With  regard  to  the  general  import,  cleanliness,  and  sufficiency  of  food  in  the  union,  so  far  as  I  have  observed,  the  people  are  quite  content.  Lastly,  I  have  observed,  that  on  more  than  one  occa occasion,  sion, occasion,  the  governor  has  not  only  shewn  impartiality  to  my  poor;  but  h  as  l  en  t  t  owar  d  s  th  e  s  id  e  o  f  indulgence,  in  cases  where  severity  might  well  have  b  een  exerted.-  --Yours,  &amp;c.,  IGNATIUS  GRANT,  Catholic  The  following  letter  was  from  the  head  medical  man  of  the  establishment  :  M‘Nally  made  a  statement  to  the  magistrate  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  that  her  husband  was  in  a  dying  state  and  on  that  plea  excused  her  conduct.  He  has  been  ill  and  bedridden,  but  he  is  not  worse  now  than  usual,  and  neither  is  now,  or  was  in  a  dying  state,  when  she  came  to  see  him.  When Whenever  ever Whenever  a  patient  is  in  danger  of  death,  I  inform  the  governor  of  the  circumstance,  and  he  sends  for  the  near  relatives,  whether  they  have  lately  seen  the  sick  patient  or  not.  A  few  weeks  since  I  had  to  call  Mr.  Gough's  attention  to  her  presence  in  the  ward  at  an  unusual  hour,  as  the  patients  had  notbeen  made  clean  for  the  day.  She  the  stated  thatthegover thatthegovernor  nor thatthegovernor  had  given  her  permission  to  see  him,  which  on  inquiry  I  found  to  be  untrue,  as  he  was  not  aware  that  she  was  in  the  building.  It  is  not  suitable  that  females  should  be  admitted  on  demand  into  the  men's  sick  ward  without  previous  knowledge  of  the  state  of  the  patients,  as  some  of  them  are  not  in  a  decent  condition  many  minutes  together  where  there  are  so  many  ailments.—Your,  BIRKEECK  NEVINS.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  he  had  now  placed  the  facts  before  the  board,  and  it  would  be  for  them  to  take  what  steps  they  pleased.  To  him,  the  letters  be  had  read  appeared  very  satisfactory,  and  fully  exonerated  their  officers.  Mr.  SHAW  said  they  could,  if  it  was  the  wish  of  the  board,  have  Mr.  Gough  in,  and  he  would  explain  the  entire  facts  of  the  case  ,  but  as  ho  was  not  called  upon  he  (Mr.  Shaw)  could  not  allow  the  subject  to  pass  over  without  say saying  ing saying  a,  few  words.  It  appeared  that  the  woman  and  her  step-daughter  came  to  the  house  last  Thursday  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  seeing  her  husband  who  was  ill.  The  governor  could  not  allow  the  two  to  go  into  the  room  at  the  same  time,  and  told  the  daughter  to  stay  until  the  woman  had  been  up,  which  he  would  allow  her  to  do,  if  she  behaved  herself,  having  on  a  previous  occasion  got  in  by  stealth,  when  the  doctor  had  blamed  the  governor  for  admitting  her.  The  woman  was  allbwed  to  go,  and  the  girl  was  requested  to  stop  —it  being  visiting  day,  every  officer  in  the  place  was  engaged,  and  it  would  not  do  to  permit  persons  to  go  about  the  house  alone.  The  governor  told  the  girl  to  stop  until  her  mother  came  down,  upon  which  she  turned  round  and  she  is  not  my  mother,  she  is  my  step stepmsaoidthyero,u  msaoidthyero,u stepmsaoidthyero,u  and  then  took  up  a  large  stone  to  throw  at  his  head.  Fortunately  it  missed  him,  and  she  then  threw  some  snuff  into  the  porter's  eyes.  Ile  thought  the  go governor  vernor governor  was  justified,  after  such  conduct,  in  taking  the  wom  sn  before  the  bench,  but  Mr.  Mansfield,  the  stipendiary  magis magistrate,  trate, magistrate,  sympathised  with  the  woman,  because  she  was  prevented  to  see  her  husband.  Mr.  Mansfield  was  perhaps  not  aware  that  she  had  been  allowed  to  see  him  five  or  six  times  during  the  week.  Surely  Mr.  Mansfield  would  not  wish  the  guardians  to  allow  persons  to  go  in  and  out  of  the  house  as  they  liked;  if  they  did,  there  would  be  3,000  visiters  a  day.  Would  that  be  consistent.  The  great  question  was,  what  were  they  to  do  ?  Where  were  they  to  take  the  of offenders  fenders offenders  ?  Mr.  Mansfield  is  unwilling  to  punish  the  persons  they  sent  from  the  union,  and  Mr.  Wybergh,  the  clerk,  had  told  their  officers  they  had  no  right  to  take  the  West  Derby  cases  to  the  borough  court.  It  was  true  they  were  in  West  Derby,  but  West  Derby  was  a  part  of  the  parliamentary  borough.  The  police  took  the  persons  before  Mr.  Mansfield;  but  it  did  not  matter  how  clear  a  case  from  there  was  proved,  it  was  pushed  off  with  a  committal  for  a  day,  which  was  that  the  person  was  discharged  before  the  words  were  out  of  his  mouth.  He.  should  recommend  that  when  a  case  was  again  sent  there,  that  the  guardians  should  attend  and  press  that  the  punishment  be  awarded  as  set  down  by  the  law  for  such  offences.  The  woman  was  committed  for  one  day.  It  was  his  decided  opinion  that  the  guardians  must  take  some  steps  to  alter  such  a  state  of  things.  Mr.  ROSKELL,  after  testifying  to  the  general  good  conduct  and  kindness  of  the  governor,  moved  the  following  resolu resolution—The  tion—The resolution—The  guardians  having  had  their  attention  directed  to  a  paragraph  in  tie  newspaper,  having  reference  to  .the  as assault  sault assault  upon  the  master  of  the  house,  by  the  relatives  of  a  patient,  and  Which  assault  having  been  proved  before  the  stipendary  magistrate  of  the  Borough  of  Liverpool,  that  gentleman  discharged  the  person  who  committed  such  an  assault  without  any  punishment,  on  the  score  of  hard  treat treatment  ment treatment  on  the  part  of  the  master  :  it  is  resolved  that  the  con conduct  duct conduct  of  the  master  in  this  mutter  meets  with  the  entire  ap approval  proval approval  of  the  Board.  Mr.  ALPASS,  censured  the  treatment  the  gua  r  di  ans  h  a  d  received,  when  they  had  taken  the  person  before  the  board  for  punishment,  for  the  magistrates  should  - STYLE=superscript  recollect  that  it  was  only  the  very  worst  characters  that  Were  thus  taken  be before  fore before  them,  and  if  they  were  not  punished,  it  encouraged  them  in:their  ill  conduct,  and  would  prevent  the  discipline  being  carried  out.  Mr.  Krnxus,  stated  that  the  governor  had  allowed  two  visiting  days  in  the  week  instead  of  one,  as  the  Board  had  ordered,  thus  showing  that  he  had  for  their  comfort  increased  his  own  work.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  he  did  not  forget  when  he  had  before  sent  two  persons  before  the  bench.  This  was  not  the  first  time  he  had  sent  people  there,  and  they  had  not  been  punished.  Any  man  of  common  sense  would  say  it  was  not  right.  There  was  a  good  deal  too  much  of  ss.  and  costs  in  that  court.  He  hoped  that  they  should  not  have  to  com complain  plain complain  again  ;  if  they  had,  be  hoped  the  guardians  would  do  their  duty—he  should  most  certainly  recommend,  should  there  be  any  further  complaints,  that  they  would  petition  the  secretary  of  state.  He  could  not  submit  to  having  the  guardians  thus  treated.  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted,  after  which  the  meeting  separated.  MANCHESTER  CITY  COUNCIL.  SPECIAL  MEETING  YESTERDAY.  Yesterday,  a  special  meeting  of  the  Manchester  City  Coun Council,  cil, Council,  was  held  in  the  Mayor's-parlour,  Town-hall,  King-street,  his  Worehip  the  Mayor  (BENsMxN  NICHOLLS,  Esq.,)  pre presiding.  siding. presiding.  The  minutes  of  the  proceedings  at  last  meeting  were  read  and  confirmed.  The  Towx  CLERK  next  read  the  proceedings  of  the  various  committees.  NUISANCE  COMMITTEE.  Mr.  'Councillor  WILLIAMS  called  the  attention  of  the  com committee  mittee committee  to  a  growing  nuisance  which  had  existed  a  colsiderable  time.  He  alluded  to  an  area  of  land  at  the  top  of  Union-street  near  Islington,  and  a  piece  of  land  in  London-road;  near  the  Borough-buildings.  These  areas  were  occupied  by  booths  of  .quack-doctors,  .and  shows,  and  all  sorts  of  nuisances,  drawing  together  largo  numbers  of  vagabonds.  There  was  a  constant  noise  from  the  paying  of  drums  and  fifes  which  was  a  great  nuisance  to  the  people  living  in  the  neighbourhood.  The  TOWN  CLERK  said  it  would  be  'quite  wrong  to  let  the  remarks  made  by  Mr.  Councillor  Williams  pass  by  without  .h.ervatuan,  lest  the  - STYLE=superscript  public-  shouln-  led  to  believe  that  drums  and  fifes  were  contrary  to  law.  He  knew  of  no  power  the  council  possessed  to  put  an  end  to  this  alleged  nuisance  ;  by  cotumen  law  they  had  no  power  to  remove  shows.  This  was  not  at  all  a  case  with  which  the  nuisance  committee  could  deal.  ARDWICK  COMMITTEE.  Mr.  Alderman  llEvwooD  wished  to  know  if  the  committee  had  taken  any  steps  for  the  repair  of  Gorton-lane,  which  was  in  a  most  disgraceful  state.  Mr.  Alderman  WlTKL'cs,  chairman  of  the  committee  stated  that  instructions  had  been  given  by  the  Ardwick  com committee  mittee committee  for  the  repair  of  the  road  in  question.  PAVING  SE  WERING  AND  HIGHWAYS  COMMITTRII.  Mr.  Alderman  Havwoon  stated  that  the  committee  in intended  tended intended  to  see  that  all  the  properties  in  Manchester  were  properly  and  effectually  sewered  into  the  main  sewers  of  the  streets,  and  that  attached  to  these  sewers  at  every  private  dwelling  or  place  that  sewer  entered  there  shall  be  a  trap,  and  that  system  of  trapping,  would,  in  his  opinion,  be  one  of  the  greatest  sanitary  improvements  which  could  possibly  be  effected,  (iiear,  hear.)  Mr.  Councillor  HAWORTH  expressed  himself  very  much  opposed  to  the  use  of  Penmaen  maur  or  blue  sets  in  the  pav paving  ing paving  of  the  streets,  and  was  of  opinion  that  a  material  of  a  softer  character  should  be  substituted.  Mr.  Councillor  MIDDLETON  was  opposed  to  the  use  of  traps  for  the  street  sewers,  as  it  would  lead  to  the  .sending  of  noxious  effluvia  into  the  houses  of  the  inhabitants.  The  proceedings  of  the  committee  were  then  approved.  NEW  PUBLIC  HIGHWAYS.  Certain  streets  ih  the  townships  of  Manchester  and  Cheet Cheetham  ham Cheetham  were  certified  and  delivered  to  the  public  highways."
