text
"WEST  DERBY  GUARDIANS  Tire  weekly  meeting  of  the  board  . STYLE=superscript  was  held  yesterday,  in  e  board-room,  at  the  WorkhouSe,  Mill  Lane,  Everton,  Mr.  seph  Harrison  in  the  chair.  There  were  also  present  the  ev.  W.  ladnall,  and  Messrs.  Alpass„  Hayes,lteskell,  ant,  Mountfield,  Sinith,'  Craig,  Miller,  Ahrahams,  Tatter-  11,  Kirkus;  M'Gee,  Jeffreys,  W  `and.  ShaW.  It  appeared  from  the  books,  that  the  balance  in  the  hands  the  Treasurer,  amounted  to  £764  17s.  7d.  Cheques  for  it  door  relief  during  the  current  week,  were  given  to  the  ffieving  officers,  as  follows  :  —Mr.  Allen,  £6O  ;.  Mr,  Olney,  24  ;  Mr.  Potts,  182  ;  Mr.  Lythgoe,  £lB.  CHARGE  OF  MISCONDUCT  AGAINST  A  RELIEVING  OFFICER  The  CLERK  submitted  to  the  board  a  letter  which  had  en  addressed  to  Archdeacon  Brooks,  as  Chairman  of  the  Asylum,  and  &gt;.  The  letter  Visiting.  Magistrates  of  the  Rainhill  Lunatic  which  had  been  forwarded  to  the  Magistrates  was  from  Mr.  'Roger  Efties;  an  officer  in  the  customs,  who  was  lately  an  inmate  of  the  asylum,  chargeable  to  the  West  Derby  .  Union.  The  letter  charged  Mr.  Branham,  one  of  the  relieving  officers,  with  taking  two  snuff  boxes  belong belonging  ing belonging  to  the  writer,  when  he  went  to  the.  asylum,  and  detain-  ing  them  ever  since.  Mr.  Eaves  complained  that-since  leaving  the  asylum,  he  had  frequently  written  to,  and  called  upon  Mr.  Branham  for  the  snuff  boxes,  but  had  been  unable  to  obtain  them.  In  answer  to  'one  of  Mr.  Eaves'  letters,  the  following  answer  was  sent  to  him  at  the  Long  Room,  in  the  Custom-house,  by  Branham  :  I  received  a  ' STYLE=superscript  note  from  some  fellow  respecting  two  snuff  boxes,  or  rather  two  boxes,  containing  snuff.  The  'two  boxes  are  in  my  pos possession,  session, possession,  and  will  remain  so  until  the  party  who  belongs  to  them  con condescends  descends condescends  to  call  for  them  and  give  a  receipt  for  the  same,  and  further,  pay  the  2d.  I  paid  for  the  insulting  note  I  received  from  him.  J.  Considerable  discussion  on  the  matter  took  place,  in  the  ;ourse  of  which  the  conduct  of  Branham  was  condemned  by  he  various  members  of  the  board.  After  the  discussion,  Branham  was  called  in,  for  the  purpose  of  ,  explaining  the  Arcnmstances.  The  explanation  was  considered  unsatis unsatis'actory,  'actory, unsatis'actory,  and  the  officer  was  ordered  to  retire;  after  which  a  J  7  •  further  discussion  took  place,.  and  ultimately  the  following  resolution  was  proposed  and  carried  :  A  letter  having  been  read  addressed  to  the  visiting  Magistrates  of  the  Rainhill  Asylum,  by  Roger  Eaves,  lately  an  inmate  of  that  Asylum,  liargeable  to  this  Union,  complaining  that  Mr.  Branham,  relieving  officer,  had  separated  from  his  clothes,  and  detained  two  snuff  boxes,  belonging  to  the  said  Roger  Eaves,  the  Guardians  have  called  Mr.  Branham  before  them,  and  he  being  unable  to  rebut  such  accusation,  or  acconnt  satisfactorily  for  his  conduct  in  the  matter,  this  Board  is  desirous  of  marking  .  its  sense  of  Mr.  Branham's:  misconduct,  and  re require  quire require  him  to  make  immediate  restitution  to  Mr.  Eaves  of  the  articles  belonging  to  him,  and  make  a  suitable  apology.  Ordered  that  copies  of  the  foregoing  resolution  be  sent  to  the  visiting  Magistrates,  and  to  Mr.  Eaves.'  The  resolution  having  been  passed,  the  officer  Branham  was  again  called  before  the  board,  when  it  was  read  to  him.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  reprimanded  the  officer,  pointing  out  the  impropriety  of  conduct  of  which  he  had  been  guilty.  DRAINAGE  OF  THE  WORKHOUSE.  A  communication  from  the  Poor  Law  Board  was  read,  to  the  effect  that  Dr.  Nevins  had  complained  to  them  that  the  drainage  in  the  Workhouse  was  exceedingly  bad.  There  was  an  absence  of  water-closets  in  some  of  the  wards.  The  commissioners  called  the  attention  of  the  board  to  the  mat matter,  ter, matter,  and  desired  that  the  deficiency  might  be  at  once  remedied  After  some  discussion,  the  following  resolution  was  passed  :  the  subject  of  the  more  effectual  drainage  of  the  Workhouse  be  referred  to  the  visiting  Committee,  with  power  to  contract  for  such  work  as  they  may  deem  MR.  ROSE  AND  THE  MANURE  NITISANCE  IN  SEI  , STYLE=superscript  TON  STREET.  The  CLERIc  submitted  the  following  letter,  which  he  had  received  from  Mr,  Rose,  in  reference  to  the  resolution  come  to  by  the  board  at  their  meeting  last  week  ^—_  5,  Great  Nelson  Street,  Oct.  7,  1953.  see,  from  the  proceedings  of  the  West  Derby  Board  of  Guardians,  that  the  Chairman  laboured  under  the  misapprehension  that  I  had  not  kept  the  promise  made  to  him  as  to  the  removal  of  the  night  soil  from  Sefton  Street.  Now  the  fact  is  that,  since  I  saw  Mr.  Bar Barison,  ison, Barison,  I  have  been  removing  all  brought  down  each  night,  and  have  also  considerably  reduced  the  stock  on  hand.  I  then  informed  the  Chairman,  I  have  also  taken  a  new  wharf  which  requires  excavating,  at  which  the  'men  are  now  •at  work  ;  when  ready  I  shall  tip  the  manure  from  the  carts  into  the  flats  as  it  is  brought  down  in  the  night,  and  remove  it  daily,  so  that  within  a  month  all  cause  of  complaint  will  I  trust,  be  entirely  removed.  -  Under  these  circumstances,  I  hope  your  board  will  not  press  any  penal  proceedings  in  the  matter.  I  am,  gentlemen,  your  obedient  servant,  Mr.  ALPASS  hoped  the  board  would  adhere  to  the  decision  to  which  it  came  last  week.  Mr.  Rose  had  for  six  months  promised  them  that  the  nuisance  should  be  removed,  and  he  had  not  fulfilled  such  promise.  He  •(Mr.  Alpass)  was  sur surprised  prised surprised  that  the  Health  Committee  of  Liverpool  did  not  compel  him  to  carry  out  the  terms  of  his  contract  with  them.  Mr.  JEFFREYS  had  no  doubt  that  Mr.  Rose  would  perform  the-promise  made  in  the  letter  just  read,  and-  therefore  .he  hoped  that  the  board  would  not  be  too  hard  upon  him.  He  had  had  great  difficulties  to  contend  with.  After  some  discussion  the  matter  dropped,  it  being  under understood  stood understood  that  the  Medical  Committee  would  keep  an  eye  upon  Mr.  Rose,  and  see  that  he  fulfilled  the  promise  now  made..  THE  CHOLERA.  HOUSES  OF  REFUGE  V.  HOSPITALS.  Mn.  ALPASS  brought  before  the  board  the•  qUestion  of  whether  it  was  desirable  or  not  to  remove  persons  in  an  ad advanced  vanced advanced  state  of  cholera,  from  their.own  homes  to  a  hospital.  He  found  that  many  of  their  medical  officers  were  of  opinion  that  to  remove  patients  from  their  houses  in  this  state;  was  almost  certain  to  cause  death.  The'  medical  'officers  . STYLE=superscript  :were  under  the  impression  that  the  most  advisable  course  was  to  remove  the  inmates  of  a  house  where  Asiatic  cholera  existed,  to  a  house  of  refuge,  but  not  to  remove  the  Cholera  patient  at  all.  It  was,  therefore,  of  importance  to  ascertain  Whether,  in  the  event  of  the  cholera  becoming  epidemic  amongst  us,  the  board  should  prepare  houses  ,of  refuge,  or  cholera  hospitals,  to  which  to  remove  patients  affected.  Ho  concluded  by  moving  a  resolution,  to  the  effect  that  the  medical  Officers  be  requested  to  meet  the  medical  committee  for  the  purpose  of  deciding  upon  the  best  course  to  be  pur pursued,  sued, pursued,  in  tile  event  of  .the  cholera  breaking  out.  •  The  motion  having  been  seconded,  some  discussion  fol followed,  lowed, followed,  after  Which  it  was  agreed  toi  and  after  some  further  '•  -  routine  business,  the  board  adjourned.  THE  TEA  TRADE,  Oct.  10.—The  deliveries  of  tea,  in  London  during  the  week  to  the  latest  date  for  which  the  official  returns  aro  forthcoming  were  673,464  lb.  ."
