text
")een  called  into  their  fel  lave  had  nc  our  demands  were  unreasonable  ;  theref  us  to  •ow  around  our  sufferir  brethren  the  shield  of  pl.(  tection,  and  act  in  union  and  concert  against  future  acts  c  despotism  This  is  the  real  cause  of  our  organisation  which  at  .esent  exists,  not  formed  to  dictate,  but  to  assist,  by  peen peenjury  jury peenjury  aid,  those  who  have  been  thrown  out  of  employment  nr  soliciting  their  just  claims,  and  we  now  appeal  to,  and  fall  back  on,  public  opinion  for  protection.  But,  my  lord,  we  may  be  asked  what  grounds  we  had  to  ippose  that  our  masters  were  in  a  i  to  redeem  ti  So  stro.  y  did  we  feel  mjustly,  - STYLE=superscript  by  being  deceived  by  ances,  that  a  manifesto  was  agreed•  to  at  a  large  public  meeting  of  our  body  on  th  e  16th  July,  1853,  in  which  we  made  the  following  proposals  :  If  on  the  other  hand  we  look  around  us  at  the  present  time,  and  at  the  state  of  trade  for  the  last  five  years,  we  •ous  were  we  not  t  find  the  current  prices  for  goods  far  superior  to  What  the  were  at  the  former  period;  we  find  hands  scarce,  and  milli,  and  workshops  springing  up  mushroom-like  on  every  hand  ;  we  see  evidence  of  accumulated  wealth  in  every  form  and  shape,  testifying  to  the  prosperity  which  exists.  The  Press  sings  its  praises,  and  your  orators  make  it  the  theme  of  every  discourse.  It  has  formed  a  paragraph  in  every  and  both  `•  Houses  of  Parliament  by  their  divi divisions  sions divisions  have  attested  to  its  truth  ;  yet  the  great  body  of  mas masters,  ters, masters,  with  a  few  honorable.  exceptions,  declare  that  they  are  unable  to  let  u!  honorable  adheren  have  no  desire  to  b  to  their  parties  to  keep  un  t  nism  and  excitement  without  gootcau  - STYLE=superscript  so.  Our  labor  is  our  only  wealth,  and  the  miserable  wages  we  receive  for  it  our  only  reward.  But  we  here  publicly  and  solemnly  declare  that  if  we  were  not  cop.vinced  that  our  masters  are  able  to  dive  the  required  advance,  we  would  be  the  last  to  request  it  ;  if  we  are  laboring  under  a  misconception,  we  wish  to  have  oar  minds  disabused;  if  we  are  in  error,  let  it  be  proved  by  plain  facts.  We  wish  to  see  peace  and  concord  reign  throughout  the  empire  amongst  all  classes  of  the  community  c  'nsistently  with  our  own  rights  and  duties,  and  to  accom accomplish  plish accomplish  this  object,  we  propose  for  the  consideration  of  the  masters  of  Preston  :-Ist.  That  if  they  will  prove  that  the  same  necessity  which.caused  them  to  reduce  our  exists,.  and  prevents  them  raising  our  wages  at  tl  time,  and  that  it  is  incompatible  with  the  state  jury  of  disinterested  qen  tl  emen  o  f  respecta  bi  l  i  ty  and  uuLoie STYLE=superscript  expe experience,  rience, experience,  that  they  are  in  as  bad  a  position  now  as  when  the  reduction  took  place  in  1847,  we  will  abandon  our  claims  to  a  more  favorable  My  Lord,  in  these  proposals  you  will  perceive:that  we  had  placed  ourselves  entirely  at  the  disposal  of  our  employers,  if  they  were  really  unable  to  give  an  advance;  but  we  were  treated  with  nothing  but  silence  and  contempt.  In  the  meantime  two  of  the  manufacturers  had  given  the  advance;  and  about  the  middle  of  August,  advances  had  been  made  of  full  ten  per  cent,  at  Stockport,  Blackburn,  and  other  places  throughout  the  manufacturing'  districts.  Preston  has  been  .proverbial  for  paying  a  low  rate  of  wages,  much  less  than  other.  towns  in  Lancashire  ;  but  it  appears  our  masters  were  stimulated  by  the  example  of  other  places,  and  they  simultaneously  offered  an  advance  with  a  few  exceptions,  some  less  than  ten  per  cent.,  -nd  the  con con  some  more;  but  -four  firms  refitsed  altogether  sequence  was,  that  disputes  and  strikes  arose  between  them  and  their  workpcople.  Strikes  took  place  at  two  firms  where  the  masters  had  offered  an  advance,  but  not  equal  to  what  the  hands  anticipated,  and  as  much  stress  is  laid  upon  these  two  disputes,  as  the  cause  of  the  masters  closing  their  mills,  we  beg  to  state,  that  if  an  inquiry  was  p  ro  p  er  ly  made,  would  be  found  that  it  was  not  the  fractional  dispute  as  it  has  been  represented,  but  it  was  the  way  in  which  that  advance  was  given,  which  caused  that  irritation  and  ill  feeling,  which  induced  the  hands  . STYLE=superscript  to  considered  to  be  a  studied  imposition.  At  the  advance  w  given,  lamp:  v  factorily  and  harmoniously;  but  it  was  an  understood  thing,  that  if  all  the  masters  did  not  give  an  advance  the  others  would  be  obliged  to  take  it  off  again,  and  we  were  naturally  led  to  appeal  to  the  public  to  .  support  those  on  striko  in  order  to  retain  the  general  advance.  But,  on  the  September,  a  bill  appeared  on  the  walls  signed  by  35  firms,  giving  notice  to  close  their  mills  in  one  month,  those  now  on  strike  are  prepared  to  resume  their  work,  and  a  better  understanding  is  established  between  the  employer  and  In  order  that  no  justifiable  grounds  for  inflicting  such  a  calamity  as  now  threatened  should  exist;  deputations  of  the  operatives  of  three  of  those  mills,  wher  disputes  existed,  waited  upon  their  respective  employ  r  - STYLE=superscript  -i  ers;  and  were  prepared  (if  possible)  t  o  have  brought  things  to  an  arrangement.  Now,  mark  you,  at  Messrs.  Birley  Broth  ers  ,  th  e  y  were  told  that  it  could  only  be  settled  by  the  committee.  At  Messrs.  Taylvre'  they  .  were  driven  from  the  works  ;  and  at  Messrs  Swainsou..Brothers,  they  pretended  not  to  know  theth  and  would  not  hear  them  speak.  We  presume,  my  lord  that  it  would  tak(  people  to  -1  proceatings  of  these  gentlemen  ;  but  v  appeared  cut  oft  sume  work,  and  prevent  the  inno  committee  then  -undertook  on  bet  weavers,  to  'address  a  letter  to  Mr.  I  Ainsworth,  both  justices  of  the  peace,  ____  and  president  of  the  associated  millowners  ;  in  which  we  pr  poSed  the  following  Ist.  That  ddepittation  of  employ(  meet  a  deputation  of  their  work  people  for  the  purpose  of  d:  cussing  and  arranging  the  differences  :  or  if  this  be  objectio  able,  we  propose,  2ndly.  That  th  e  ma  tt  er  i  n  di  spu  t  e  b  e  re  f  ern  'to  arbitration,  each,  party  to  appoint  an  equal  number  of  exiA  rienced  men,  unconnected  with  the  strike,  and  that  R.  Parker,  Esq.,  be  the  umpire.  If  this  does  not  m  views,  we  revpectfully  request  you  to  make  a  desire  to  come  to  an  honourable  arraneemen  )y  the  - STYLE=superscript  operatiyes  on  on  equity,  W  Le  answer  we  r(  I  _was,  '  We  beg,  m  It  them  tion  could  not  receive  those  wino  lord,  to  inform  you  that  though  it  has  been  combination  of  work  people  had  forced  the  mas,  bination  for  mutual  protection—long  before  a  rr  •  0  place  in  this  tow  n  ,  the  emp  l  oyers  h  a  d  - STYLE=superscript  an  association,  and  tha  weekly  meetings  of  their  body  had  taken  place,  find  appeare  in  the  public  journals.  But  other  parties  ofgreat  respecta  bility  and  influence,  have  endeavoured  to  approach  our  mas  ters  for  the  purpose  of  arranging  the  dispute,  and  they  re  ceived  the  following  answer  At  a  meeting  of  the  Corn  mittee  of  the  Masters'  Association,  held  on  Wednesday,  th  15th  of  October,  at  the  Wi  nc  hl  y  Cl  u  h  ,  Preston,  Mr.  Thoma  Miller  in  the  chair,j  it  was  resolved  that,  acting  on  the  p  ciple  that  has  hitherto  guided  the  a  committee,  with  a  due  appreciation  of  by  which  the  gentlemen  n  is  unanimously  of  gested  by  the  St.  Paul's  School  Committee,  is,  in  the  pre  temper  of  the  operatives,  undesirable.—Thomas  Chairman  William  Ainsworth,  Honorary  My  Lord,  we  appeal  to  you  whether  the  ntervic  that  st  displ'ayed  in'  ti  became  men  and  women  desiring  to  effect  a  mi  inent.  We  have  never  been  publicly  informe  dur  . STYLE=superscript  employers  havnto  pursue  the  course  they  I  sideut  of  the  masters'  association  has  borne  -t"
