text
"COUNTY'  COURT  V  E  STE  RDAY  COLLISION  CASE.—THE  OWNERS  OF  THE  STEAM-SHIP  MANX  FAIRY  P.  the  OWNERS  or  THE  STEAM-SHIP  .  WILLIAM  FAW  . STYLE=superscript  CETT.—In  this  case  it  appeared  that  on  the  22nd  of  August,  the  Manx  Fairy  started  from  the  pier  -head  on  her  trip  to  the  Isle  of  Man.  Just  prior  to  that  the  Mona's  Queen  had  also  started  ou  the  same  trip.  Between  these  two-vessels  there  has  existed  a  great  rivalry,  and  they  are,  as  the  judge  observed,  constantly  in  the  habit  o  f  racing.  At  the  time  the  Fairy  started  there  was  an  ebb  tide  running,  and  she  was  .endeavouring  to  get  into  the  middle  of  the  stream,  when  she  observed  the  William  Fawcett  coming  from  the  Cheshire  side.  The  captain  hailed  the  Fawcett  for  her  to  have  her  helm  put  a-port.  This  it  was  alleged  was  not  done,  and  hence  the  William  Fawcett  struck  the  bows  of  the  Fairy  as  she  wsa  making  a  circuit  to  get  into  the  centre  of  the  stream,  and  caused  sonie  considerable.  damage.  For  the  defence  it  was  alleged  that  after  the  Captain  of  the  Fairy  had  hailed  the  Fawcett:  all  had  been  done  that  could  by  possibility  be  done  to  avoid  a  collision,  and  that  the  blame  was  entirely  attributable  to  the  Fairy  going  at  such  a  speed  in  order  overtake  the  Mona's  Queen.  His  Honour  said  he  would  consider  the  points  in  dispute  and  give  judgment  on  Tuesday  next.  BIRKENHEAD  POLICE  COIIRT.-YESTERDAY.  (BEFORE  MAJOR-GENERAL  SIR  EDWARD  MT,  MR.  JAC  KSON  THE  REVS.  MR.  FIELDING  AND  Michael  MCCann,  a  little  boy,  was  charged  with  steal stealing  ing stealing  some  iron,  but  the  magistrates  permitted  him  to  return  to  his  parents,  without  awarding  any  punishment.  Nicholas  Matthews  was  charged  :with  stealing  some  groceries  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Lloyd,  of  Market-street.  The  prisoner  was  employed  as  an  errand  boy  in  the  shop  on  the  previous  Saturday,  on  which  day  several  articles  '  were  missed.  Suspicion  fell  'upon  the  prisoner,  and  on  his,  being  searched  the  missing  articles  were  found  upon  -him.  He  was  committed  for  fourteen  days'  imprisonment,  and  ordered  to  be  well  whipped.  Michael  Kelly  was  charged  with  having  resc  ued  nd  of  a  i  prisoner  from  the  custody  of  the  police,  on  the  April  last.  Since  that  time  the  prisoner  had  absconded,  2 STYLE=superscript  2a  warrant.  A  but  had  recently  been  apprehended  un  de  r  e  witness  .was  called  for  the  defendant STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  . STYLE=superscript  ce-officer  was  in  a  who  swore  that  at  i  the  time.  of  the  occurrence,  the  po  li  ce-officer  state  of  intoxication.  The  statement  was  not  corrobo corroborated;  rated; corroborated;  -and-  the  witness  had  not  reported  the  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  toa  k  the  watch  committee,  at'  the  time  ;  the  magis.-  trates  Offered  the  defendant  to•  be  fined  , STYLE=superscript  10s  and  costs,  and  in  default  of  payment,  to  be  committed  for  fourteen  days.  S  e  veral  beerhouse-keepers  were7fined  for  h  av  i  ng  th  e  i  r  houses  open  during  the  hours  proscribed  by  the  act  of  parliament,  on  the  previous  'Sunday,  and  on  Christmas  day.  The  particulars  ot  . STYLE=superscript  these  cases  ,  were  simply  that  the  police-constables  went  into  the  houses  on  the  day.specified  in  the  summons,  and.  found  parties  drinking;  for  which  offence  they  were  summoned,  and  various  fines  inflicted.  Mom:lp  was  charged  with  'assaultinr  , STYLE=superscript  William  'IL  Dean,  a  Cl  er  k  .  The  defendant  is  a  tailor,'  living  at  Oston.  and  on  the  previous  Tuesday  the  plaintiff  went  to  his  shop  for.the  purpose  of  settling  - STYLE=superscript  an  account  for  clothes.  'The  defendant  was  standing  at  his  door  with  a  jug  in  his  hand,  which  certainly  contained  some  malt  liquor.  After,  _  .  dtscuSsing  the  - STYLE=superscript  amount  of  the  balance  due,  a  dispute  arose  between  the  parties,  when  the  defendant  caught  the  plain plaintiff  tiff plaintiff  by  the  collar,  and  struck  him  several  blows  on  the  head,  and  then  kicked  him.  They  had  a  severe  struggle  on  the  ground,  during  which  the  iplaintiff  called  out.  ffinider  '  when  the  defendant's  wif  e  came  an  d  separa  t  e  d  them.'  For  the  defence,  it  was'  alleged  - STYLE=superscript  that  the  plaintiff  had  gone  to  the  shop  in  a  state  Of  intoxication,  and  used  abusivelanguage,  when  the  defendant  endeavoured  to  turn  him  out  of  the  shop,  and  the  scuffle  ensued.  A  wit witness  ness witness  was  called,  but  he  did  not  throw  any  light  upon  the  subject,  and  the  defendant  was  fined  20s  and  costs.filliThe  plaintiff  positively  deniedthat  he  was  drunk  at  the  time."
