text
"AMERICA.  following  was  WI  we  have  received  our  private  telegraphic  despatch  from  our  own  cor correspondent  respondent correspondent  in  New  York,  sent  to  Halifax,  dated  the  13th  inst.,  being  two  days  later  than  the  ad-  vices  contained  in  the  subjoined  si  regret  to  say  that  in  the  New  York  money  market  there  was  an  increased  stringency,  and  at  the  same  time  an  augmented  demand.  The  Stock  market  had  become  heavy,  and  prices  had  a  down-  ward  tendency.  Exchange  on  London  was  still  quoted,  109  -  to  110.  but  the  market  was  inactive,  and  there  was  some  slight  disposition  to  reduce  The  markets  for  Flour  and  Bread Breadstuffs  stuffs Breadstuffs  were  heavy,  and  prices  lower.  The  Cotton  quotations  market  was  pretty  much  in  the  same  state,  ARRIVAL  OF  THI  The  British  and  North  American  royal  mail  AMERICA  ier  Ameril  Captain  Shannon,  arrived  here  ,  from  Boston  and  Halifax,  after  ft  passage  Of  ten  - STYLE=superscript  days  from  hei•  we  have  received  our  usut,  y  from  New  York,  to  the  11th,  Boston,  to  the  12th,  and  Halifax,  to  the  14th,  instant,  all  inclusive.  The  America  has  brought  home  491,940  dollars  in  gold,  and  about  £7OO  in  silver,  and  72  passen-  ie  former  port  11  files  of  papers  The  America  passed  the  steamer  Canada,  from  Liverpool  for  Boston,  on  the  evening  of  the  13th  ult.  between  Halifax'and  Boston.  There  had  been  a  little  re-action  on  the  markets  foi  bread  stuffs,  and  in!  consequence  of  tbP  •  creased  supplies  and  the  scarcity  prices  had  receded  a  little  from  the  quotations  last  reported.  Flour  may  bP  dined  from  6f  to  121-  -  of  shipping  tated  to  have  in  barrel  in  the  money  market  , STYLE=superscript  oses  money  wa  yet  Cher  in  the  country,  there  no  longer  remains  a  cldubt  that  ship shipments  ments shipments  of  many  prominent  articles  'in.  the  trade  to  this  port  must  gradually  diminish  and  finally  cease.  With  no  vi visionary  sionary visionary  forecast,  many  of  our  merchants  are  considering  the  necessity  of  finding  outlets  for  the  surplus  productions  of  the  State.  Sight  exchange  on  the  Atlantic  states  has  been  reduced  to  2  per  cent.  in  consequence  of  a  corresponding  reduction  in  the  rates  of  freight  and  insurance  on  treasure.  How  long  this  reduced  rate  will  continue  to  rule,  it  is  difficult  to  say  ;  but  as  it  has  evidently  been  brought  about  purely  by  com competition  petition competition  between  the  two  steamship  companies,  it  can  hardly  be  expected  to  be  permanent.  EXCHANGE  EOREIGN.—No  change  'in  the  Exchange  market.  Bankers  note  sterling  bills  at  1.001  to  1.10  Produce  bills,  1.081  to  1.092.  Francs,  sf.  13/  to  5,12  g."
