text
"fialeg  by  Surtfon.  Sale  of  handsome  Household  Furniture,  Pier  Glasses,  Feather  Beds,  superior  Engravings,  a  superior  toned  Cabinet  Piano-forte,  6/i  octaves  ;  elegant  Parian  Ornaments,  &amp;c.  SEABANK  TERRACE,  SOUTHPORT..  MR.  WAI.  EASTTY  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Friday  next,  25th  instant,  to  commence  at  Eleven  o'clock  precisely,  on  the  Premises,  Seabank-terrace.  Sea Seabank-road.  bank-road. Seabank-road.  tke  whole  of  the  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  Feather  Beds.  and  superior  Household  Effects,  the  property  of  Mrs.  Hall,  who  is  declining  housekeeping.  The  DRAWING-ROOM  FURNITURE  includes  superior  Spanish  mahogany  sofa,  table,  capital  sofa,  rosewood  cheffonier,  mahogany  rockir  g  chair,  Kidderminster  Carpet.  Brussels  rug,  large  arm  chair,  four  balloon-backed  drawing-room  chairs,  100  table,  a  cabinet  piano pianoforte,  forte, pianoforte,  by  ttr..adwood,  six  and  a-half  octaves—a  very  fine-toned  instrument;  handsome  pier  glass,  several  fine  engravings,  in  rose rosewood  wood rosewood  frames;  eight-day  timepiece,  in  papier  mache  case;  several  elegant  busts,  and  Parian  chimney  ornaments.  In  the  DINING-Room  will  be  found  large  oval  table,  on  mahogany  pillar  and  plinth;  eheffonier,  with  pannelled  doors;  six  chairs,  excellent  reeking  chair,  in  hair  cloth;  scroll  backed  couch,  stuffed  and  covered  in  hair;  brilliant  pier  glass,  Spanish  mahogany  card  table.  a  large  Spanish  mahogany  telescope  dining  table,  with  four  loose  leaves;  Kidderminster  carpet  and  rug,  bronze  fender,  steel  fire-irons,  damask  curtains  for  bow  window,  several  engravings,  in  maple  an  I  gilt  frames  ;  and  six  cabinet  paintings—excellent  copies  from  celebrated  artists.  Also  the  superior  furniture  of  seven  well-appointed  BEDROOMS  :  Six  mahogany  four-post  birch  half-tester  and  French  bedsteads,  with  chintz  afid  damask  hangings,  p.dliasses,  and  wool  and  hair  matres,es  to  fit;  sev-n  white  goose  and  o  her  feather  beds,  a'l  in  excellent  order;  bolsters,  pillows,  and  the  necessary  bedding,  seven  sets  of  washstands  and  ware,  dressing  tables,  mahogany  and  birch-framed  toilet  glas  •es,  a  large  quantity  of  bedroom  druggeting,  carpeting,  fourteen  bedroom  chairs,  fenders  and  fire-irons,  two  sits  of  mahog mahogany  any mahogany  and  four  sets  painted  chests  of  d'awers,  valances,  window  cur curtains,  tains, curtains,  and  blinds,  with  other  bedroom  effects.  The  Loaay.—Ock  hall  table,  two  mahogany  hall  chairs,  lobby  cloth,  lamp,  and  sundry  mats.  The  KITCHEN  UTENSI  LS,  which  are  - STYLE=superscript  numeroug,  include  an  excel excellent  lent excellent  dre  , STYLE=superscript  ser,  sofa  bedstead.  eight-day  clock,  hastener  and  jack,  a  large  assortment  of  breakfast  and  tea  ware,  and  culinary  utensils  in  great  variety.  On  view  January  24,  from  Eleven  to  four  o'clock.  C.-.talogucs  may  be  had  on  the  premises;  or  of  Mr.  EAsrrv.  Auctioneer  anti  Valuer,  8,  Mersey-chambers,  Liverpool,  and  Chapel Chapel.  . Chapel.  Atreet,  Southnort.  s4le  will  commence  at  Eleven  o'clock  precisely,  and  continue,  without  interval,  ti.l  the  close."
