text
"SUPPLEMENT  THE  NORTHERS  - STYLE=superscript  DAILY  TIMES.  Zone,  Fullerton,  from  Liverpool  at  Virginia.  Rappahannock,  Cushing,  from  Liverpool  at  New  York.  Hope,  Weston,  from  Liverpool  at  New  York  Ariel,  Reed.  from  Liverpool  at  New  York.  Hemisphere,  Pray,  from  Liverpool  at  New,  'York.  Chimborazo,  Webb,  from  Liverpool  at  New  York.  Regatta,  from  New  York  at  New  Port,  R.  L,  for  Plymouth,  leaky.  Jane  Goo  iyear,  sailed  from  Plymouth  Nov  9,  and  Jenny  Lind,  Nov  11,  both  for  I  iverpool.  Orontes,  (s.s)  Olive,  from  Liverpool  at  Smyrna.  'I  rinity  Yacht,  Hounsell,  from  Mahon  at  Denia,  and  sailed  Nov  13,  for  Liverpool.  Sjonke  Alicia,  from  Liverpool  at  Schelde.  The  Childe  Harold,  Prynn,  from  Sydney  to  London,  is  on  shore  on  the  Goodwin  'ands.  Attic,  (u.s.m  s)  Luce,  from  1\  ew  York  at  Liverpool,  left  Nov  12,  has  441,358  dollars.  in  specie  on  freight.  grounded  on  the  south  side  of  Victoria  channel  comitg  in,  but  came  off  on  the  flood  without  apparent  injury.  The  hull  of  the  ship  Austria,  from  Liverpool  for  Charleston,  before  reported  auhore  on  Homan  Shoal,  was  sold  at  auction  sth  inst,  for  610  dollars.  Ship  Daniel  Webster.  at  Boston  Bth  inst.,  from  Liverpool,  had  heavy  Westerly  gales  the  whole  passage.  On  the  24th  ult.  lat  42,  lon  52,  in  a  gale.  sprung  rudder  head,  but  secured  it  with  chains.  British  ship  Czar  Peter,  at  San  Francisco  Oct  12.  from  Liverpool,  experienced  a  severe  gale  ,  which  caused  the  ship  to  leak  badly  ;  was  compelled  to  heave  over  fifty  tons  of  coal  to  lighten  her.  - STYLE=superscript  The  wreck  of  the  ship  Lapland,  which  was  towed  into  Little  River,  Cutler,  Me.  was  sold  2d  inst.,  by  auction.  The  hull  brought  400  dollars.  The  ship  Wm.  Sturges,  before  reported  ashore  at  Trescott.  Me.,  and  as  having  been  got  off,  arrived  at  Boston  7th  inst.  Ship  Western  World  is  still  ashore  on  Squat  Beach,  with  nearly  all  her  cargo  out,  the  greater  part  of  which  is  slightly  damaged.  The  weather  has  been  favourable,  and  that  the  ship  has  not  been  got  off  is  a  bad  omen  of  her  situa situation.  tion. situation.  RAMSGATE,  Nov.  22,  4.20,  p.m.,  The  Childe  Harold,  is  now  off,  And  proceedH  ing  for  the  river,  with  much  damage,  and  making  a  considerable  quantity  of  water.  QUINISH  BY  TOBERMORY,  Nov.  18.  A  brig,  laden  with  deals,  and  her  bottom  covered  with  barnacles  has  been  washed  on  shore,  on  the  rocks  off  Tyree.  The  words,  Brig  Hatty,  Huntington,  were  written  on  one;  of  the  deals,  and  a  paper  has  been  found,  apparently  a  pass-book,  between  John  Bray,  and  the  Seamen's  Savings  Bank,  New  York,  with  entries  in  February  1848,  and  July  1852."
