text
"the  character  of  other  legal  enactments.  And  there  can  be  :little  doubt  that  in  this  age  of  Ecclesiastical  Courts  stand  a  very  poor  chance  of  a  much  longer  existence.  The  real  permanent  bond  of  matrimony  is  union  of  will.  All  other  unions  are  unnatural  and  unblest,  and  therefore  no  marriage.  Remove  this  and  the  compulsory  alliance  of  the  sexes  becomes  tyranny  of  the  very  worst  description.  To  force  individuals  to  consort  together  under  such  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  is  then  nothing  short  of  the  most  refined  cruelty.  And  any  law  that  would  sanction  or  oblige  thereto  deserves  to  be  reprobated.  MILTON  very  properly  condemns  the  ignorance  and  iniquity  of  the  Canon-law  in  providing  for  the  right  of  the  body  in  marriage,  altogether  overlooking  the  wrongs  and  grievances  of  the  mind.  But  there  is  a  powerful  tendency  among  mankind  to  innovate  in  legislation;  and  some  people  prefer  being,  miserable  according  to  law,  than  to  be  happy  without  it.  Have  we  not  instances  enough,  and  of  daily  occurrence,  too,  where  married  persons  of  dissimilar  tendencies  become  guilty  of  the  most  cruel  acts  towards  one  another.  Feeling  the  bond  of  marriage  strong  as  death  and  intolerable  as  Hell,  husbands  and  wives  take  each  other's  lives.  in  order  to  free  themselves  from  the  terrible  thraldom.  No  later  than  this  very  week  one  wretched  culprit  expiated  his  crime  on  the  gallows  for  the  murder  of  his  wife  ;  and  instances  of  matrimonial  cruelty,  especially  on  the  part  of  husbands,  have  seldom  been  more  numerous.  Indeed,  the  Press  of  London  have  deemed  it  a  duty  to  draw  public  attention  to  them  in  leading  articles,  so  serious  an  aspect  have  they  assumed.  The  Morning  Chronicle  proposes  flagellation  for  the  male  delinquents;  but  we  much  fear  the  cure  is  as  bad  as  the  disease.  Strangulation  has  been  tried,  with  no  good  effect,  upon  the  community  —for  such  crimes  have  since  both  increased  in  number  and  in  aggravation.  The  remedy  we  would  propose  is,  to  modify  the  inexorable  and  inviolable  bond  of  marriage  ;  and  let  the  plea  of  unsuitability  of  temper,  or  personal  cruelty,  on  the  part  of  either  husband  or  wife,  be  a  sufficient  justification  for  the  granting  of  a  divorce—placing  in  the  hands  of  ordinary  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  the  jurisdiction  to  legislate  summarily  in  such  cases.  Nor  is  this  a  novel  idea.  It  is  neither  inconsonant  with  reason  or  justice,  and  has  been  sanctioned  by  the  wisest  lawgivers  of  antiquity.  This  practice  very  generally  obtained  amongst  the  Jews  ;  and  some  of  our  best  writers  on  Canon  Law,  including  PAULUS  FAGIUS,  are  of  opinion,  that  divorces  might  as  properly  be  permitted  amongst  Christians.  The  express  intent  of  allowing  divorce  amongst  the  Jews  was,  according  to  the  eminen  t  writer  MAIMONIDES,  to  preserve  peace  in  marriage  ,  and  quiet  in  the  PALEY,  however,  takes  a  different  view  of  the  case;  and  as  he  regards  love  to  be  neither  general  nor  would  have  the  marriage  compact  to  be  indissoluble.  He  observes  :  If  we  trace  the  effects  of  such  a  rule  upon  the  general  happiness  of  married  life,  we  shall  perceive  reasons  of  expediency,  that  abun.  dantly  justify  the  policy  of  those  laws  which  refuse  to  the  husband  the  power  of  He  further  expresses  an  opinion  that  the  marriage  contract  bein  g  irrevocable,  has  a  tendency  to  cause  wedded  parties  to  make  the  best  of  their  albeit  it  is  a  bad  one,  and  to  create  mutual  forbearance  and  good  will  :  Seeing  they  must  either  both  be  miserable,  or  both  share  in  the  same  happiness,  neither  can  find  their  own  comfort  but  in  promoting  the  pleasure  of  the  We  are  very  sorry  that  experience  does  not  favor  the  argument  of  the  learned  theorist.  We  believe  the  rather  with  MILTON,  that  man  ought,  even  for  love's  sake  and  peace,  to  move  di divorce  vorce divorce  upon  good  and  liberal  conditions  to  the  di divorced  vorced divorced  and  that  it  is  less  a  breach  of  wedlock  to  part  with  wise  and  quiet  consent  betimes,  than  still  to  foil  and  profane  that  mystery  of  joy  and  union  with  a  polluting  sadness  and  perpetual  But  some  will  say,  Such  a  condition  of  the  law  would  lead  to  serious  results,  as  facilities  would  thereby  be  too  easily  afforded  for  parties  upon  feigned,  or  slight  pretences,  to  take  improper  advantage  thereof.  We,  for  our  part,  do  not  think  so.  We  conceive,  moreover,  that  the  same  would  have  a  most  salutary  tendency,  and  powerfully  tend  to  check  that  devilish  feeling  which  causes  husbands  and  wives  to  adopt  systematic  cruelty  to  each  other;  from  which,  indeed,  no  class  of  society  is  at  present  exempt.  Persons  not  infrequently  form  matri matrimonial  monial matrimonial  alliances  without  consideration,  urged  either  by  the  impulse  of  passion,  or  from  motives  of  self-interest.  By-and-by  they  disagree—their  tempers,  tastes,  habits,  and  dispositions,  do  not  coalesce—disappointment  gives  place  to  regret--  regret  to  passion—and  passion  but  too  frequently  gives  itself  vent  in  deeds  of  disgusting  cruelty— crueltyoccasionally  occasionally crueltyoccasionally  iu  blood  !  And  yet  those'  parties  are,  as  the  law  now  stands,  man  and  wife  !  0  per perverseness  verseness perverseness  'Tis  a  gordian  knot,  indeed,  the  marriage  tie!  Of  course,  in  some  cases,  the  wealthy  have  their  remedy;  but  the  poor  have  no  alter alternative  native alternative  but  quietly  to  submit  to  their  very  unenviable  fate.  How  long  is  such  an  appalling  state  of  things  to  continue  ?  How  long  until  justice  shall  equally  and  equitably  be  acces accessible  sible accessible  to  all  classes  without  distinction  ?  Had  this  been  so,  the  wretch  who  lately  paid  the  legal  penalty  of  his  crime  on  the  scaffold,  would  have  been  saved  to  society  ;  and  his  children  would  have  been  redeemed  from  the  obloquy  of  carrying  the  murderer's  stain  upon  their  brow  We  are  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  sure  that  had  VOLTAIRE  lived  in  these  evil  times,  he  would  not  say  what  once  he  did,  that  the  Manche  were  bridged  over,  all  the  women  of  Europe  would  hurry  to  England  as  to  the  paradise  of  wives  Her  Majesty  held  a  Privy  Council  at  Windsor  Castle  at  three  o'clock  yesterday.  Her  Majesty  will  leave  Windsor  for  Osborne  to-day.  _  Dispatches  were  sent  off  last  evening  from  the  Colonial  office  to  the  governors  of  the  North  Ame American  rican American  colonies.  EXTENSIVE  FORGERY  BY  A  LIVERPOOL  GENTLEMAN.--  Durink  the  present  week  a  discovery  has  been  made  that  an  extensive  forgery  was  committed  on  the  Borough  Bank  of  this  town  by  Mr.  Wm.  - STYLE=superscript  M'Curtin,  of  the  firm  of  M'Curtin  and  Riley,  provision  merchants,  Mathew-street,  so  far  back  as  the  month  of  October.  Mr.  M'Curtin  carried  on  an  ex extensive  tensive extensive  trade,  and  until  the  discovery  of  the  forgery  to  which  we  allude,  was  supposed  to  be  a  man  of  probity,  and  pos possessed  sessed possessed  of  considerable  means.  It  would  appear  that  on  the  18th  of  October  last  a  bill  for  £1540,  drawn  by  Mr.  M'Cur M'Curtin,  tin, M'Curtin,  and  purporting  to  be  accepted  by  Sir  David  Roache  of  Limerick,  who  is  extensively  engaged  in  flour  and  corn  opera operations  tions operations  in  the  south  of  Ireland,  was  cashed  at  the  Borough  Bank.  The  bank  authorities  had  not  the  slightest  suspicion  that  the  acceptance  was  a  forgery  until,  on  the  presentation  of  the  bill,  Sir  David  Roache  repudiated  it,  and  denied  hav having  ing having  any  knowledge  of  the  party  by  whom  it  was  drawn.  It  was  accordingly  returned  protested,  and  then  the  fact  that  a  forgery  had  been  committed  by  Mr.  M'Curtin  was  clearly  established.  The  matter  was  then  placed  in  the  hands  of  the  police  authorities,  but  up  to  the  present  Mr,  ]'Curtin  has  succeeded  in  eluding  their  vigilance.  It  is  suspected  that  this  is  not  a  solitary  case  ;  but  that  several  other  forgeries,  and  for  considerable  amounts,  will  now  be  dis discovered  covered discovered  to  have  been  committed  by  Mr.  M'Curtin,  some  of  whose  private  friends  are  also  said  to  be  likely  to  be  heavy  losers  on  his  account.  A  dissolution  of  partnership  between  Mr.  M'Curtin  and  his  partner,  Mr.  Riley,  who,  we  believe,  is  also  his  father  in-law,  has  been  announced.  We  under understand  stand understand  that  Mr,  M'Curtin  was  in  town  on  Tuesday,  and  that  he  intimated  to  the  solicitor  for  the  bank  that  he  would  meet  the  crisis  he  felt  was  coming.  A  reward  of  £lOO  has  been  offered  for  his  apprehension.—From  our  Second  Edition  of  yesterday."
