text
"fen  , STYLE=superscript  1  Ma‘ster,  waq  Do  promoted  to  fit  n  the  place  cf  Mr.  with  £  . STYLE=superscript  40  for  a  hot  Satm  Joseph  Wood,  Pier  Mr.  White's  lary  of  £l5O  pE  s£lBo.  Mr,  - STYLE=superscript  as  informed  that  h  ti  mild  bE  allowed  him.  A  communication  was  read  from  the  coroner  Mr.  P.  F;  Curry,  stating,  that  at  an  inquest  held  on  the  body  of  a  boy  named  Cooper,  drowned  in  the  Stanley  Dock,  it  appeared  in  evidence  that  had  there  been  a  life  buoy  at  hand  Ids  life  might  have  been  saved,  and  further,  there  was  no  life  buoy  at  the  Stanley  Dock.  He  (Mr.  Curry)  felt  it  Railway  - STYLE=superscript  Company  had  not  the  land  which  they  had  a  The  result  of  t  smith  directed  North  Western  eed  - STYLE=superscript  to  give  - STYLE=superscript  them  in  Wapping  Would.bethat,  in  consequence  of  the  gels  street,  it  would  have  to  he  re.  traffic  ,passing  over  the  new  paired  before  the  town  would  accept  it  North  Western  Company  having  take  land  which  the  Dock  Committee  gave  tl  application  should  be  made  to  them,  and  obtained.  Some  decisive  steps  should  session  of  the  land,  The  Chairman  sai  North  West(  was  certainly  The  London  and  le  delay  in  ti  Matter  which  u  P..  dod  deal  of  inconvenient(  ings  the'company  wanted  Were  not  completed,  but  the'  were  getting  them  done  quickly.  Mr.  Gregson  :  And  in  th  meantime  they  are  obliged  to  use  the  old  buildings.  Th,  Chairman  :  Mr.  Smith  seems  to  think  they  might  get  on  faste  than  they  are.  After  some  further  conversation  on  this  sub  ject,  the  Secretary  was  directed  to  communicate  with  th  Railway  Company  on  this  point.  The  general  business  the]  terminated.  HEALTH  COIIIIIIITTE  -YESTERDAY  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  Health  Committee°  to  , STYLE=superscript  t  half-past  two  o'clock,  yesterday.  Mr.  Alderm  LANGSDALE,  C  r,  and  ti  Johnson,  Beckwith,  Moss,  Flem Flem[odson,  [odson, Flem[odson,  Godfrey,  and  Halhead,  Some  conversation  arose  in  reference  to  the  proposed  widening  of  Church  Street,  when  Mr.  llmmitsoN  stated  that  there  would  be  no  . STYLE=superscript  objection  made  on  the  part  of  the  Arch Archdeacon  deacon Archdeacon  of  St.  Peter's  Church.--•--Mr.  Moss:  But  there  are  other  authorities.—Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  I  think  so,  Mr  Moss.  It  is  a  question  if  the  church-wardens  allow  it.—An  application  was  read  on  behalf  of  Mr.  Rose,  in  reference  to  the  discussion  which  took  place  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  com committee,  mittee, committee,  to  the  effect  that  he  Nils  fulfilling  his  contract  at  the  north  side,  and  requested  indulgence  for  a  month,  when  he  would  also  fulfil  it  at  the  south  side.—Mr.  Moss  :  I  move  that  the  indulgence  be  granted.—Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  I  will  second  it,  with  the  understanding  that  there  be  no  further  extension  of  indulgence.—Mr.  Moss  :  Certainly  let  that  be  known.—Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  And  that  tip  penalties  will  be  enforced  after  this  (hear,  hear).  The  motion  was  adopted,  and_the  weekly  reports  were  then  read.  .e  also  p:  Gladstc  Mr.  Rishtoi  the  building  surveyor,  reported  the  inspec inspection  tion inspection  of  142  delapidated  privies  and  ashpits,  122  of  which  were  undergoing  alterations  and  repairs,  and  20  of  which  required  such,  together  with  various  ther  details  in  his  department.  Mr.  Newlands  the  Borough  Eigineer,  reported  various  particulars  of  the  work  done,  and  in  hand,  in  his  department.  Mr.  Fresh,  the  Inspector  of  nuisances,  reported  the  emptying  of  1,049  cess-pools,  the  inspection  of  138  nuisances  complained  of  by  inhabitants,  and  the  reference  of  42  others  to  the  borough  engineer  for  remedy,  by  drainage,  lower  Parts  of  the  town.  The  - STYLE=superscript  medical  officer  of  health  reported  that  the  Registrar's  returns  for  the  week  ending  on  last  Saturday,  showed  that  the  mortality  of  the  borough  is  still  considerably  below  the  average  of  the  season,  the  registered  deaths  having  been  191,  against  215  in  the  corresponding  week,  on  an  average  of  the  preceding  five  years,  excluding  the  cholera  of  1849.  In  the  rish,  the  deaths  were  133,  and  in  the  extra  parochial  to  de-  The  death  vious  weE  n  in  t  previous  years.  During  the  last  four  wec  the  deaths  hay  been  successively  52,  30,25,  19"
