text
"FINANCE  Tho  following  were  the  cheques  given  for  the  relief  of  the  poor,  &amp;c.  for  the  current  week  :—Mr.  Allen,  £65;  Mr.  Alney,  £24;  Mr.  Potts,  £9l  ;  Mr.  Lithgo,  £lB  ;  quarter  of  a  year's  rent  for  relief  office,  £6  ss.  ;  Sundries,  £6  ss.  £4  ls.  3d.,  £7  Bs.  6 STYLE=superscript  d.;  Relief  Tickets  £lO3  14a.  6d.;  Total  £l9  9s.  3d.  REFRACTORY  PAUPERS.  The  Master  of  the  House  read  a  list  of  about  fifteen  paupers,  whose  conduct  in  the  house  had  been  such  that  he  could  scarcely  keep  them  under  control.  Several  of  these  f3male  paupers  had  been  adniitted,  to  the  house  about  fourteen  days  since.,  at  which  time,  several  of  the  guardians  expressed  an  objection,  but  a  majority  were  for  their  admission,  and  they  were  consequently  taken  into  the  house..  Mr.  ALLrAss  hoped  the  guardians  would  take  some  different  steps  with  regard  to  these  girls,  and  if  it  was  decided  that  they  should  be  excluded  from  the  house,  he  did  trust  they  would  never  again  be  admitted.  Mr.  RosiaLL  considered  the  present,  a  most  lamentable  case—it  was  quite  clear  that  they  contaminated  the  more  respectable  paupers  in  the  ward  in  which  they  were  con confined,  fined, confined,  by  their  grossly  immoral  conduct  and  language  —  he  should  suggest  that  they  be  ejected  from  the  house,  and  allowed  a  small  amount  of  relief,  until  they  were  enabled  to  obtain  situations.  In  answer  to  the  chairman,  the  master  of  the  house  said  he  did  not  know  what  to  do  with  the  girls,  but  if  he  had  a  separate  ward  for  them,  he  thought  he  might  perhaps  be  enabled  to  work  a  reformation.  At  present  he  had  more  paupers  in  the  ward  than  he  ought  to  have  by  thirty.  It  was  moved  that  they  should  be  ejected  from  the  house,  and  have  2s.  6d.  per  week  allowed  them.  The  Rev.  Mr.  BADNALL  differed  from  that  opinion.  As  the  girls  had  been  so  misbehaved,  and  their  conduct  was  so  bad,  he  considered  they  ought  to  be  sent  before  the  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  and  punished.  The  CHAIRMAN  suggested  that  a  refractory  ward  should  be  erected.  'Some  time-  since  a  plan  and  specifications  for  two  such  wards  had  been  prepared.  Several  guardians  expressed  a  desire  to  have  the  girls  punished,  upon  which,  The  master  of  the  house  said  he  had  taken  the  girls  before  the  magistrates,  and  in  some  cases  they  had  refused  to  punish  them,  and  one  of  the  girls  who  had  been  pun punished  ished punished  several  times,  invariably  came  out  of  prison,  worse  than  when  she  went  in,  and  from  what  they  heard  at  Kirkdale  made  them  worse,  for  they  had,  when  he  had  remonstrated  with  them,  requested  to  be  taken  before  the  magistrates  again.  After  a  brief  conversation,  it  was  moved  and  seconded,  and  unanimously  carried,  that  two  refractory  or.  probationary  wards  should  be  erected,  and  instructions  were  given  for  the  production  of  the  plans  and  specifications  formerly  proposed.  The  refractory  .  girls  were  called  in  and  admonished  by  chairman  for  their  misconduct,  which  appeared  to  take  but  little  effect,  and  the  master  of  the  house  received  instruc instructions  tions instructions  to  keep  them  as  far  as  possible  apart  from  the  other  paupers,  and  to  make  them  work."
