text
"fence  of  his  ch  anc  e  of  ship,  ihe  womat  from  her  in  cot  topped  in  question,  in  order  to  show  ncr  procured  the  prisoner  a  situation  with  a  lady  who  kept  a  public  house:  This  was  correct  enough,  but  it  so  happened  Ora  the  husband  of  the  lady  had  a  short  time  before  been  committed  for  the  offence  of  bigamy,  by  marrying  a  second  Wife.  flo  did  so  ;  it  is  stated,  on  the  ground  that  his  first  wife  had  already  two  husbands  living,  lie  was  out  of  the  way,  however,  and  the  mother  of  the  illegitimate  child  confided  all  the  secrets  to  the  prisoner.  The  latter  having  entered  on  her  employment,  was  induced  by  her  friend,  who  was  really  an  artful  to  bP  l STYLE=superscript  '-  . STYLE=superscript  her  husband  had  been  killed  in  the  Crime  the  best  thing  she  could  do  was  to  marry  the  second  husband,  who  could  su  and  all  the  time  the  w  tunate  pricOnet  port  her  ii  s  earning!  upplies.  we  eve  that  a,  that  eiving  half  of  the  unft  When  the  second  hnsba  went  to  ka  ti  rt--  tied,  and  then  the  deceit deceitful  ful deceitful  woman  wrote  to  the  first  husband  to  come  home.  She  also  stated  to  the  prisoner's  mistress  that  the  prisoner  knew  all  about  her  affairs,  and  would  have  her  charged  if  she  did  not  charge  the  prisoner.  This  so  much  frightened  the  good  tidy  of  the  public-house,  that  she  consented  to  inform  the  pollee  of  the  affair.  She  was  present  in  court,  but  was  not  examined.  The  above  details  will,  perhaps,  •be  more  amplified  on  the  trial  of  the  prisoner.  who  says  she  will  a  tale  unfold,  that'&#34;  will  astonish  some  people  in  Liverpool  STEALING  A  WATCH.—  A  sailor  named  Isaac  Whalley,  was  charged  with  having  stolen  a  watch  and  gold  chain  from  another  sailor  named  William  Rowlands,  at  a  board boarding-house,  ing-house, boarding-house,  No.  12,  Denison  -street.  On  Tuesday  night  the  watch  was  stolen,  and  at  twelve  o'clock  on  Wednesel---  -  the  prisoner  was  the  watch  and  ken  into  cust(  in  in  his  possessio'n.  night  v,  at  Warrington,  with  lie  was  coMnlitte  - STYLE=superscript  el  for  two  monhs,  the  owner  of  the  articles  not  being  able  to  remain  to  prosecute,  as  he  was  going  to  sea  this  day.  A  BOLD  ATTEMPT  AT  A  SHOT,----A  young  fellow  named  John  Jores,  was  charged  with  stealing  two  pistols  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Beatty,  Linie-street.  The  prisoner  rushed  into  the  shop,  seized  the  pistols,  and  bolted  with  them,  but  wag  pursued  and  captured  with  the  property  in  his  posses.  sion.  He  was  sent  to  gaol  for  two  months.  BEER  -ROUSE  CASES.—The  following  cases  were  disposed  or:  —John  Aspinall,  Shaw  Hill-street,  for  Sunday  trading,  fined  2s  6d  and  costs.  Robert  Forshaw,  Whittle  Street,  for  doing  businss  en  Christmas  day,  dismissed.  Bridget  Lindon,  Wolfe-street,  Park,  for  Sunday  trading,  fined  £2  and  costs.  Charles  Gray,  Upper  Harrington-street,  for  doing  business  at  half-past  ten  on  Sunday  last,  fined  10s  and  costs.  John  Rose,  Pleasant  -street,  for  Sunday  trad trading,  ing, trading,  10s  and  costs.  Margaret  Rolands,  Horatio-street,  charged  with  transacting  business  on  Sunday  morning  last,  fined  £1  and  costs.  Isabella  Jackson,  Turner-street,  was  charged  with  doing  business  at  two/ye  o'clock  on  Sun Sun-7ast,  7ast, Sun-7ast,  dismissed.  Sylvina  llrack,  a  table  beer  -Douse  _eper,  St.  Martin's-street,  was  charged  with  selling  beer  at  twelve  o'cloqk  on  Sunday  last,  to  two  men,  dismissed.  Edward  Carney,  Paul-street,  was  summoned  for  doing  business  at  five  minutes  to  one  o'clock  on  Sunday.  Fined  21  and  costs.  Luke  Finnigan,  publican,  Westmoreland  -street,  was  charged  with  selling  whiskey.  on  Sunday  last.  A  woman  was  observed  leaving  the  house  about  noon,  with  a  bottle  of  whiskey,  and  a  man  was  found  at  the  counter  with  a  glass  and  some  whiskey  before  him.  The  case  was  adjourned  for  a  week,  in  order  to  produce  witnesses  for  ,  the  defence.  Richard  Foster,  of  13 STYLE=superscript  ridgewate  - STYLE=superscript  -street,  was  summoned  for  having  an  internal  communication  from  his  house  to  adjoining  premises,  so  as  to  evade  the  law.  The  ease  was  adjourned.  COUNTY  COURT  -YESTERDAY  -0  -  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  roLLocx,  ESQ.,  JUDGE).  PHILLIPS  V.  HILLCOTE.—THE  CLERICAL  DISPUTES  OF  ST.  MATTHEW'S  CHURCH,  SCOTLAND•ROAD.  In  this  case,  Mr.  George  Phillips,  stationer,  South  Castle  -street,  was  the  plaintiff,  and  the  Rev.  D  r  .  Hill  cote,  incumbent  of  St.  Matthew's  Church,  Scotland-road,  the  defendant.  The  action  arose  out  of  the  unfortunate  disputes  between  the  incumbent  and  a  former  curate  of  this  church,  which  have  so  frequently  come  of  late  under  the  notice  of  the  public.  The  plaintiff  appeared  in  person,  and  Mr.  Tindal  Atkinson,  barrister,  appeared  for  Rev.  Dr.  Rillcote,  who  was  also  in  attendance.  The  plaintiff  stated,  that  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  £l5  for  books,  maps,  Sim.,  supplied  to  the  schools  of  St.  Matthew's  Church,  Scotland  road,  upon  the  order  of  Rev.  Mr.  Cooke,  lately:a  curate  °f  i  t  that  chu  rc  h,  i  n  1854  .  Mr.  Atkin  son  h  ere  contended,  that  there  was  no  ground  of  action  whatever,  as  there  vas  nothing  to  show  any  responsibility  on  the  part  of  Dr.  Hillcote.  The  plaintiff  requested  permission  to  examine  Dr.  Hillcote  himself,  which  was  granted,  and  Dr.  Hillcote  entered  the  witness  box.  Plaintiff:  You  are  quite  satisfied  that  these  goods  were  supplied  to  the  schools  ?  Dr.  Hillcote  :  Certainly.  Plaintiff:  Do  you  not  hold  yourself  responsible  for  any  orders  the  Rev.  Mr.  Cooke  gave  at  the  time?  Dr  Hillcote  Certainly  not.  Plaintiff:  Dr.  Hillcote  told  me  that  during  the  time  of  ,the  Rev.  Mr.  Cooke's  curacy,  Mr.  Cooke  received  several  amounts  of  money  which  he  did  not  account  for,  and  Dr.  Hillcote  thinks  that  before  any  debts  are  paid  these  amounts  should  be  accounted  for,  therefore  under  these  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  I  should  like  to  have  this  case  adjourned  to  a  future  day,  when,  by  making  Mr.  Cooke  the  defendant,  he  might  be  compelled  to  account  for  these  amounts..  Mr.  Atkin  son  :  T  o  ma  ki  ng  Mr.  Cooke  the  fn  dant,  we  have  no  objection  at  all.  H  is  Honour  expl  a  i  ne  d  th  at  as  h  e  c  o  u  l  d  . STYLE=superscript  not  show  a  distinct  a  u  th  or  i  ty  f  rom  t  h  e  i  ncum  bent_  to  Mr.  Cooke  or  himself  for  th  e  su  pply  of  the..go  'ds,  the  present  action  must  fail  to  reach  the  Rev.  Dr.  Hillcote..  His  Honour  observed  that  he  was  informed  somp.other  actions  were  to  come  before  the  court  between  Mr.  Cooke  and  Dr.  Hillcote.  He  had  been  given  to  understand  that  in  one  of  the  former  actions  in  that  court  he  had  expresied  an  opinion  which  might  seem  to  refer  to  future  cases.  He  begged  to  intimate  that  any  opinion  he  had  expressed  referred  solely  to  the  circumstances  of  the  case  then  before  him,  to  which  it  was  his  duty  to  confine  himself.  Dr.  Hillcote  stated  that  the  Rev.  Mr.  Cooke  held  money  in  his  hands,,for  whi  c  h  h  e  gave  no  account.  He  understood  the  Rev.  Mr.  Cooke  received  upwards  of  £3OO,  or  nearly  £4OO.  of  which,  up  to  that  hour,  he  (Dr.Billcote)  had  been  unable-to  receive  anything  like  a  regular  or  consistent  account,.  except  that  the  money  had  been  received.  The  plaintiff  said  he  had  brought  the  present  action  partly  out  of  kindness  to  Dr.  Hillcote,  for  whom  he  had  a  great  respect,  and  whom  he  considered  had  been  very  basely  used  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Cooke,  in  order  that  he  might  have  an  opportunity  of  clearing  himself  from  the  charges  of  that  gentleman.'  His  Honour,  said  Dr.  Hillcote  character  was  not  in  - STYLE=superscript  any  way  impugned  in  the  present  action,  and  therefore  he  could  not  allow  any  reference  to  be  made  to  what  occurred  in  other  actions.  The  plaintiff  was  then  non  -suited,'  with  costs  out  -of  pocket.---His  Honour  then  expressed  a  .  hope  that  no  action  between  the  Rev.  Mr.  Cooke  and'the  Rev.  Dr.  Hillcote  would  agaiu  come  before  that  court.  He  could  not  but  think  that  between  two  brother  clergy clergymen  men clergymen  there  must  be  another  and  a  better  tribunal  for  settling  disputes  than  an  appeal  ;Q  a  Court  of  that"
