text
"SELECT  VESTRY.  The  usual  fortnightly  meeting  of  this  body  was  held  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  in  the  parish  offices,  Brownlow-hill,  the  Rev.  Rector  CAMPBELL  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were—  Messrs.  Came,  Gardner,  Clarke,  Johnson,  Whitby,  Kitchen,  J.  Jones,  Crawford,  Rawle,  Hughes,  Denton,  Mellor,  Brad Bradley,  ley, Bradley,  Moss,  Whitty,  Luff,  Hutchinson,  Sumner,  Savage,  and  Troughton.  THE  FINANCE  COMMITTEE.  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  contained  a  recom recommendation  mendation recommendation  to  apply  to  some  of  the  London  insurance  offices  to  advance  an  additional  sum  of  money  towards  the  building  fund  of  the  workhouse.  Mr.  KITCHEN  remarked  that  on  the  last  occasion  when  money  had  to  be  borrowed  for  the  building  of  the  workhouse,  he  mentioned  to  the  board  the  propriety  of  advertising  rather  thantaking  insurance  office  offers,  and  his  impression  was  that  the  money  borrowed  on  that  occasion  would  be  borrowed  at  a  lower  rate  of  interest  if  they  had  advertised.  Mr.  DENTON  said,  in  borrowing  the  money  the  lender  was  'placed  in  a  very  singular  position..  He  had  to  receive  the  money  back  by  small  yearly  instalments,  and  very  few  indi individuals  viduals individuals  would  advance  money  to  such  an  amount,  and  so  re receive  ceive receive  it  back.  Mr.  CARNE  observed  that  very  few  individuals  would  lend  their  money  at  the  ordinary  rate  of  interest,  to  receive  it  back  at  a  certain  per  tentage,  say  10  per  cent.,  or  5  per  cent.,  until  it  was  paid  off.  On  inquiry,  he  thought,  this  would  be  found  to  be  the  case.  Mr.  Moss  thought  that  was  not  the  question  raised  by  Mr.  Kitchen.  The  question  was  whether  the  vestry  might  not  be  supplied  with  money  at  a  lower  rate  of  inte interest.  rest. interest.  It  was  worth  trying,  and  as  theywould  shortly  require  a  large  sum,  he  considered  it  ought  to  be  tried.  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  WORKHOUSE  COMMITTEE.  From  the  proceedings  of  this  committee,  it  appeared  that  there  were  2,076  persons  in  the  house.  There  were  in  hos hospital  pital hospital  606,  of  which  64  were  fever,  and  27  itch  cases.  The  numbers  in  the  vagrant  sheds  were  390  males,  242  females,  and  20  children;  total,  662.  The  usual  Christmas  dinner  was  ordered  to  be  provided  for  the  paupers  on  Christmas  day.  The  tender  of  the  Liverpool  Gas  Company  for  supply supplying  ing supplying  gas-fittings  to  the  governor's  house,  at  a  cost  of  £9  155.,  was  accepted.  Mr.  DENTON  suggested  that  the  usual  dinner  should  be  given  to  the  paupers  on  the  Monday,  and  not  on  the  Sunday.  Mr.  JOHNSON  stated  that  this  arrangement  had  been  made  with  the  governor.  Mr.  HUGHES  asked  what  was  the  condition  of  the  house  with  regard  to  clothing.  Were  there  any  inmates  in  the  house  not  -clothed  as  they  ought  to  be,  who  were  debarred  from  taking  ordinary  exercise  in  consequence  of  having  no  clothes  to  wear  ?  Mr.  CARNE  could  only  say  that  he  was  quite  unprepared  to  answer  such  a  question  ;  and  he  did  not  know  that,  as  chairman  of  the  committee,  he  could  be  considered  answer,  able  if  such  was  the  state  of  the  workhouse.  If  those  &amp;en &amp;entlemen  tlemen &amp;entlemen  who  visited  the  workhouse  saw  such  a  state  of  things  they  should  report  it.  Mr.  HUGHES'S  reason  for  putting  the  question  was  this— thison  on thison  last  Sunday  afternoon  he  took  one  of  what  his  friend,  Mr.  Charles  Willmer,  called  through  the  house;  made  a  casual  visit,  and  on  going  into  one  of  the  sick  wards,  No.  5,  on  questioning  a  boy  who  was  in  bed  there,  he  elicited  from  him  that  he  had  not  been  able  to  get  out  of  bed  for  a  fortnight  previously,  in  consequence  of  his  having  no  clothing.  He  stated  that  he  had  been  removed  from  the  lower  ward  up  to  No.  5  •  and  on  his  (Mr.  Hughes)  asking  the  nurse  how  it  was,  le  said  there  were  several  cases  of  parties  similarly  situated  in  the  same  ward  as  this  youth,  and  that  from  a  want  of  clothing  they  could  not  get  up.  He  thought  this  was  a  matter  which  came  directly  within  the  cognizance  of  the  workhouse  committee—(hear,  hear)—and  if  the  watch  committee  allowed  things  of  this  kind  to  go  forward,  they  were  scarcely  performing  their  duty.  (Hear.)  Mr.  DENTON  said  if  this  had  come  before  the  workhouse  committee  no  doubt  it  would  be  inquired  into.  The  fact  was  this  :  there  were  new  corners,  and  it  was  generally  the  case  some  of  them  had  to  be  cleansed,  and  most  of  them  had  the  itch  when  they  came  into  the  place.  Mr.  HUGHES  :  This  is.  an  old  case  of  a  boy  labouring  under  consumption.  Mr.  CARNE  thought  Mr.  Hughes,  before  bringing  this  subject  before  the  board,  should  havecommunicated  it  to  the  workhouse  committee  and  to  the  governor,  who  was  the  party  responsible.  Mr.  Moss  thought  the  visiters  equally  responsible.  Mr.  HUGHES  :  There  were  no  visiters  last  week.  Mr.  Moss  said  it  appeared  that  Mr.  Hughes  had  found  this  out  in  one  of  his  erratic  visits  ;  but  on  reference  to  the  visiters'  books,  he  found  no  one  had  visited  the  house  for  the  last  month.  This  only  confirmed  his  opinion,  and  he  said  so  without  the  slightest  disrespect  to  the  workhouse  com committee.  mittee. committee.  They  were  not  strong  enough  to  perform  the  duties  required  from  them.  At  several  meetings  recently,  only  a  few  persons  were  present,  and  it  was  ridiculous  for  them  to  contend  with  such  a  large  mass  of  business.  The  business  of  the  finance  committee  wal  passed  over  in  a  few  minutes  ;  but  the  workhouse  committee  embraced  the  whole  executive  of  the  workhouse,  and  this  was  deputed  to  no  more  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  than  attended  the  industrial  schools  once  a  fort fortnight.  night. fortnight.  (Hear,  hear.)  Instead  of  seven  gentlemen  attending,  there  were  scarcely  ever  more  than  three  or  four.  He  hoped  at  the  next  Easter  vestry  there  would  be  a  modification  of  this,  for  the  present  mode  of  carrying  on  business  was  in injurious  jurious injurious  to  the  establishment.  He  should  like  to  ask  had  anything  been  done  with  respect  to  the  improvement  of  the  lunatic  ward,  about  which  they  had  had  such  noise  five  or  six  weeks  ago  ?  Mr.  CARNE  :  Nothing  whatever  has  been  done.  Mr.  JOHNSON  thought  when  an  assertion  was  made  against'  a  committee  the  board  should  suspend  its  judgment  until  it  was  ascertained  whether  the  charge  was  true  or  false.  Here  was  a  conversation  between  a  child  and  Mr.  Hughes,  and  the  latter  did  not  go  to  the  governor  but  came  forward  pub publicly  licly publicly  at  the  board  to  make  a  general  assertion,  accusing  the  board  of  keeping  parties  in  bed,  without  clothes,  for  14  days,  He  begged  leave  to  move  that  it  be  an  instruction  from  the  workhouse  committee  to  ascertain  the  facts  of  this  case  and  to  report  it  to  the  next  meeting  of  the  board.  (Hear,  hear.)  As  one  of  the  workhouse  committee,  ho  made  it  a  point  of  attending  constantly  since  his  return  to  Liverpool.  He  had  frequently  visited  the  house  and  asked  the  parties  were  they  comfortable,  and  he  had  never  met  with  a  case  so  glaring  as  that  named  by  Mr.  Hughes  :  nor  did  he  meet  with  any anything  thing anything  to  show  him  that  the  workhouse  committee  were  not  competent  to  perform  the  duties  which  devolved  upon  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  HUGHES  seconded  the  motion,  and  observed  that  he  had  elicited  what  he  stated  from  the  boy,  who  made  no  complaint  to  him  ;  but  he  had  not  been  able  to  take  walk walking  ing walking  exercise  for  a  fortnight  before,  and  the  reason  was  that  he  had  no  clothes  to  put  on.  He  (Mr.  Hughes)  also  com complained  plained complained  of  an  aged  woman  named  Todd,  being  appointed  one  of  the  nurses  in  the  lunatic  ward.  Mr.  DENTON  explained  that  Mrs.  Todd  was  appointed  1  superintendent  of  the  nurses  at  the  request  of  the  medical  men,  a  situation  to  which  she  was  fully  competent.  Mr.  HUGHES  said  the  explanation  was  satisfactory.  Mr.  BRADLEY  objected  to  the  committee  approving  of  plans  for  the  elevation  of  a  workhouse  chapel,  which  plans  were  not  before  the  vestry,  and  objected  to  this  part  of  the  proceedings  being  confirmed.  The  proceedings  were  then  'confirmed  with  the  exception  of  that  portion  of  them  which  related  to  the  elevation  of  the  workhouse  chapel.  Mr.  WHITBY  remarked  that  very  few  attended  the  work workhouse  house workhouse  committee,  and  there  were  many  gentlemen  on  other  committees  who  found  it  inconvenient  to  attend.  He  thought  if  there  was  a  reconstruction  of  the  committees  it  would  be  very  satisfactory.  Mr.  CARNE  said  it  •was  his  intention  to  close  the  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  by  moving  that  Mr.  Whitby  be  added  to  the  workhouse  committee.  It  was  not  pleasant  for  him,  as  chairman,  to  have  so  much  work,  and  so  little  counsel.  It  was  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  difficult  for  him,  who  had  not  been  long  on  the  work workhouse  house workhouse  committee,  to  discharge  the  duty  ;  and  he  wished  some  gentleman  who  had  been  on  the  building  committee  should  be  added  to  it,  with  a  view  that  their  business  should  be  brought  to  a  satisfactory  conclusion.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked,  that  however  regular  the  at attendance  tendance attendance  of  the  members  of  the  committee  might  be,  he  did  not  think  such  evils  as  were  complained  of  by  Mr.  Hughes,  would  be  at  all  corrected  by  attendance,  because  the  com committee  mittee committee  sat  in  that  room  •  they  did  not,  as  Mr.  Hughes  hu humourously  mourously humourously  said,  through  the  house.  He  (the  chairman)  thought  it  would  be  a  good  thing  if  they  did  so.  (Hear,  hear.)  , STYLE=superscript  The  master's  eye,  as  the  proverb  said,  was  worth  a  great  deal  of  labour;  and  if  the  workhouse  com committee  mittee committee  would  condescend  to  go  through  the  house  when  they  come  up  here,  and  inspect  everything  with  their  own  eyes,  perhaps  it  would  not  be  so  necessary  for  Mr.  Hughes  to  take  those  irregular  rambles.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  thought  it  would  be  as  well  if  Mr.  Hughes  communicated  the  result  of  his  rambles  to  the  workhouse  committee,  in  the  first  instance,  but  still  he  thought  they  might  do  a  great  deal  of  good  ;  for  it  would  be  a  great  cruelty,  if  a  number  of  boys  were  kept  in  bed  because  they  had  not  clothing  ;  it  would  in  reality  be  a  great  evil—(hear,  hear)—and  therefore  he  (the  chairman)  thought  it  would  be  as  well  if  the  workhouse  committee  walked  through  the  house,  to  see  how  matters  were  going  on.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  CARNE  said  there  was  scarcely  a  week  but  the  work workhouse  house workhouse  committee  inspected  some  portion  of  the  building.  They  had  done  so  almost  every  week  for  several  weeks  past.  The  Rev.  Rector  CAMPBELL  then  vacated  the  chair,  and  Mr.  CARNE  was  called  thereto.  A  notice  of  motion  was  given  to  appoint  Mr.  Rawle,  re recently  cently recently  elected,  a  member  of  the  industrial  school  and  medical  relief  committees.  NEW  MAGISTRATES.  Mr.  JOHNSON  remarked  with  regard  to  the  magisterial  business  of  the  workhouse  it  would  be  in  the  recollection  of  the  board,  that  some  months  ago  her  Majesty's  government  appointed  six  additional  magistrates  to  perform  the  magis magisterial  terial magisterial  business  of  the  parish,  as  well  as  to  assist  the  other  magistrates  in  their  public  duties.  Owing  to  the  unavoid unavoidable  able unavoidable  absence  from  town  of  some  members  of  the  committee  appointed  for  the  purpose,  they  were  not  able  to  make  the  necessary  preliminary  arrangements  with  the  magistrates  which  would  enable  them  to  perform  their  duties  in  that  building  ;  but  immediately  on  the  re-construction  of  the  ma mai,  i, mai,  gisterial  committee,  they  had,  he  was  happy  to  say,  made  rthose  arrangements  which  would  enable  them,  with  satis satisr  r satisr  faction  to  tho  public,  to  carry  out  a  part,  at  least,  of  the"
