text
"that  guardians  could  do  nothing  without  writing  to  the  cleric  of  the  Poor-Law  Board  in  London,  which  in  his  opinion  was  of  very  little  service,  if  any,  to  the  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  did  a  deal  of  mischief,  and  a  deal  of  valuable  time  was  taken  up  in  writing  to  them,  which  ought  to  be  spent  to  better  purposes.  (Hear.)  The  most  trivial  matter  could  not  be  attended  to  by  the  guardians,  without  the  sanction  of  the  board  in  London.  That,  he  thought,  was  an  indignity  cast  upon  the'guardians.  He  wished  to  move  an  amendment  to  the  following  effect  :  That  after  the  word  parliament  (in  the  proposed  resolution)  the  following  be  substituted  for  what  appears  in  the  resolution  For  the  discontinuance  of  the  Poor-Law  Commissioners,  now  called  the  Poor-Law  Boards  of  Guardians  could  manage  their  business  without  the  assistance  of  the  Poor-Law  Board.  Mr.  WOLSTENHOLME,  of  Oldham,  seconded  the  amendment.  Mr.  NEWTON,  of  Leeds,  supported  the  amendment.  If  the  present  law  was  to  be  continued,  the  best  thing  the  government  could  do,  would  be  to  appoint  stipendiary  guardians  in  order  that  they  might  manage  their  business  in  their  own  way,  and  •  please  them-elves.  (Hear,  hear.)  If  they  did  not  alter  the  recent  general  order,  the  Poor-Law  Board  would  have  to  come  to  Leeds  themselves,  to  transact  the  business  of  the  board  there.  (Hear.)  The  question  was  then  put,  when  the  amendment  was  carried  by  a  majority  of  fifteen  to  eight.  Both  the  mover  (Mr.  Butler)  and  seconder  (Mr.  Fielden)  of  the  original  resolution,  expressed  themselves  as  extremely  glad  with  the  decision  of  the  meeting,  as  the  amendment  was  more  agreeable  to  them  than  the  original  motion.  The  Rev.  Mr.  FROST,  of  Bradford,  moved  the  second  reso resolution  lution resolution  That  this  meeting  is  of  opinion  that  the  powers  possessed  by  the  Poor-Law  Board  of  making  orders  which  have  the  force  of  law,  are  most  unconstitutional  in  principle  and  mischievous  in  practice,  and  such  as  parliament  has  no  right  to  delegate;  and,  therefore,  this  meeting  determines  to  make  every  effort  during  next  session  to  prevent  the  renewal  of  such  powers  to.  He  said  that  for  parliament  to  delegate  to  three  persons,  the  powers  which  they  themselves  possessed,  must  be  unconstitutional  in  principle  and  mischievous  in  practice.  The  clerks  of  boards  of  guar guardians  dians guardians  and  their  assistants  were  wearied  out  by  carrying  on  correspondence  with  the  Poor-Law  Board  in  London,  and  what  good  did  the  board  do?  (Hear,  hear.)  He  must  say  that  upon  no  difficult  question  whatever,  either  in  law  or  practice,  had  the  board  of  guardians  with  which  he  was  con connected  nected connected  ever  applied  to  the  Poor  Law  Board  in  London,  and  received  even  a  scintilla  of  light  on  the  subject.  (Applause.)  They  had  always  a  clearer  idea  of  the  business  before  they  applied  to  the  board,  for  after  applying  to  them,  and  receiving  from  them  four  long  sheets  of  paper  written  and  signed  by  authority,  they  could  not  understand  the  business  at  all.  Mr.  Alderman  LITTLE,  of  Oldham,  seconded  the  resolution.  He  said,  the  centralisation  of  power  in  France  was  not  worse  than  that  which  had  been  palmed  upon  us  under  the  present  poor-law  system.  (Hear.)  He  was  willing  to  aid  in  waging  war  against  this  system,  from  one  end  of  the  country  to  the  other.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  &amp;Ant,  of  Manchester,  asked  whether  it  was  understood  that  ratepayers,  not  being  guardians,  should  vote.  The  CHAIRMAN  answered  in  the  affirmative.  The  resolution  was  put  and  carried  uuanimously.  Mr.  DARK,  of  Leeds,  moved  the  third  resolution  :  That  the  boards  of  guardians,  through  their  delegates  and  other  persons  here  present,  pledge  themselves  to  bring  this  sub subject  ject subject  before  the  public  in  their  several  localities,  in  order  that  petitions  may  be  sent,  praying  the  legislature  not  to  renew  the  Poor-Law  The  Rev.  B.  HERPORD,  of  Todmorden,  seconded  the  reso resolution.  lution. resolution.  He  thought  the  Poor-Law  Board  should  be  abolished  altogether.  (Hear.)  The  Poor-Law  Board  has  been  a  com complete  plete complete  nuisance.  Ho  contended  that  the  present  struggle•was  one  for  the  retention  of  our  last  local  powers,  which  one  by  one  had  been  taken  from  us  and  given  to  the  paid  officials  of  central  commissioners.  He  hoped  that  at  the  next  election  this  would  be  made  a  hustings'  question.  Mr.  SHACKLETON,  of  Penistone,  supported  the  resolution.  The  resolution  was  carried  unanimously.  Mr.  SAMUEL  FIELDEN,  of  Oldham,  moved  the  next  resole•  Lion  That  in  order  to  meet  the  expenses  which  must  be  in incurred,  curred, incurred,  the  several  parties  here  present  pledge  themselves  to  raise  the  necessary  funds  among  themselves  and  Mr.  FOSTER,  of  Blackburn,  seconded  the  tesolution.  •  The  resolution  was  carried  nem.  eon.  Mr.  GERMON,  of  Bradford,  moved  the  next  resolution  :  That  a  committee  be  appointed  to  carry  out  the  resolutions  e STYLE=superscript  of  this  meeti  ng  ,  w  ith  f  u  ll  power  to  send  a  deputation  to  London,  and  to  take  a  ll  suc  h  ot  h  er  measures  as  may  appear  to  them  im imapnordtatnktatansudehneccoemssaturyittteoe  apnordtatnktatansudehneccoemssaturyittteoe imapnordtatnktatansudehneccoemssaturyittteoe  a  d  e  o  co  co  m  n  p  s  l  i  i  s  s  t  h  o  t  f  h  t  e  h  e  objectfol  lfollowing  w  o  in  g  gentlemen,  ft  he  tu  eng  with  power  to  add  to  their  number  :—[Here  follow  the  names  of  committee]—and  that  they  be  requested  to  meet  at  the  close  of  the  present  proceedings  to  appoint  a  secretary,  and  commence  Mr.  HARTLEY,  of  Burnley,  seconded  the  resolution.  Carried  unanimously.  Mr.  Alderman  LITTLE,  of  Oldham,  moved  the  sixth  reso  lution:--  That  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  be  given  to  the  members  of  parliament  who  have  honoured  the  meeting  with  their  atten•  •  Mr.  SYKES,  of  Huddersfield,  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  by  acclamation.  Mr.  J.  CHERTHAM,  M.P.,  returned  thanks.  He  thought  the  committee,  who  prepared  the  original  resolutions,  were  more  prudent  than  the  meeting,  which  adopted  the  amendment  to  the  first  resolution.  They  could  not,  he  thought,  abrogate  the  Poor-Law  Board;  but,  in  his  opinion,  they  might  do  much  in  the  way  of  limiting  the  powers  which  that  board  possessed;  and  he  thought  that  they  could  do  so  on  several  grounds  of  expiTience.  And  in  the  accomplishment  of  the  latter  object  lie  should  be  glad  to  do  all  he  could  to  assist  them.  (Hear,  hear.  )  Mr.  J.  W.  COBBETT,  M.P.,  likewise  returned  thanks.  He  said  he  took  a  very  great  interest  in  this  question,  and  had  very  long  done  so.  (Hear.)  He  thought  that  in  point  of  fact,  they  would  find  it  rather  a  difficulty  in  practice,  to  limit  and  define  the  powers  of  the  Poor.  Law  Board,  or  to  lay  down  a  set  of  rule  under  which  the  board  should  act.  However,  he  was  not  at  all  indisposed  to  the  attempt  to  get  a  limitation  of  that  power,  if  it  should  be  contrary  to  the  feeling  of  parlia parliament,  ment, parliament,  to  abrogate  the  Poor-Law  Board  altogether.  But  he  agreed  in  this,  that  the  Poor-Law  Board  had  been  a  very  great  nuisance  to  the  boards  of  guardians,  and  that  if  it  cannot  be  got  rid  of  altogether,  it  was  very  necessary  there  should  be  some  attempt  at  all  events,  to  bring  about  some  limitation  of  its  powers,  to  make  it  more  agreeable  to  the  boards  of  guardians.  (Hear,  hear.)  And,  therefore,  he  thoroughly  approved  of  the  vote  the  meeting  came  to  upon  the  first  resolution.  (Hear,  hear.)  and  he  did  not  think  that  that  would  be  any  obstacle  in  the  way,  in  the  event  of  their  afterwards  determining  to  go  only  for  a  limitation  of  the  powers  of  the  Poor-Law  Board.  (Hear.)  He  would  be  glad  to  do  all  he  could  to  further  the  objects  the  meeting  had  in  view.  (Applause.)  After  it  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman,  the  meeting  separated  a  little  after  four  o'clock.  Twenty-one  tradesmen,  of  'different  pursuits,  were  fined  in  Manchester  on  Friday.  The  Rev.  W.  Luxmoor  has  been  elected  Fellow  of  Eton  College.  He  was  one  of  the  assistant  masters.  The  Rev.  Richard  Harrington,  Principal  of  Brazenose  College,  Oxford,  died  on  Tuesday  morning.  A  STRIKE  AT  AN  END.—The  bottle  makers  of  Newcastle Newcastleon-Tyne  on-Tyne Newcastleon-Tyne  have  returned  to  their  work.  Some  at  an  advance  of  wages,  some  not.  A  young  man  who  had  to  pass  over  a  portion  of  the  Car Carmarthen  marthen Carmarthen  mountains  last  week  during  the  fog,  was  found  dead  from  exhaustion  in  the  morning.  THE  Anaric  SEARCH.—No  letters  or  dispatches  have  yet  been  received  by  the  admiralty  from  her  majesty's  ship  Am Amphitrite,  phitrite, Amphitrite,  on  her  return  from  Behring's  Strait,  and  there  is  consequently  no  foundation  for  the  statement  that  there  has  been  news  from  the  Enterprise  and  Investigator.  The  latest  intelligence  from  the  latter  ship  has  already  reached  us  by  Captain  Inglefield,  and  nothing  more  can  be  known  of  her  until  the  autumn  of  nAxt  year.  Of  the  Enterprise  no  intelligence  has  been  received.  It  is  also  untrue  that  the  '  name  M  Sir  John  Franklin  will  be  struck  off  the  books  of  the  admiralty,  in  order  to  make  room  for  that  of  Captain  Chads.  It  is  not  to  be  supposed  that  the  admiralty  would  contemplate  such  a  step  while  the  issue,  even  of  their  own  expeditions  in  search  of  Sir  John  Franklin,  is  unknown.  CHINA.—The  Rev.  Hugh  Stowell  Brown  has  been  lee leetiring  tiring leetiring  in  Manchester  on  the  Chineiie  Empire.  Upon  'the  subject  of  Chinese  education  he  says  :—The  educational  institutions  of  China  had  been  much  talked  about,  and  it  was  said  that  we  ought  to  learn  a  lesson  from  the  Chinese,  where  the  only  way  to  public  office,  honour,  and  emolument  was  by  a  liberal  education.  If,  however,  education  was  the  wily  door  to  these,  the  door  could  only  be  opened  by  a  Olden  key.  Then  the  learning  of  a  Chinaman  was  of  a  stereotyped  character.  He  had  to  learn  the  sacred  classics,  blit  he  must  not  express  a  single  idea  that  differed,  in  the  slightest  degree,  from  the  writings  of  the  great  philosopher  Confucius.  He  must  have  a  tolerably  correct  notion  about  the  geography  of  China,  and  an  incorrect  notion  about  other  places.  They  wished  their  youth  to  be  educated  up  to  a  certain  point,  and  not  beyond  it.  It  was  the  best  illustration  he  knew  of  Pope's  words  :  A  little  learning  is  a  dangerous  The  real  object•of  government  education  in  China  was,  to  restrain  progress  beyond  a  certain  point,  and  God  forbid  that  we  should  take  a  lesson  out  of  that  book.  COLOSSAL  ORGAN  FOR  THE  NEW  CHRYSTAL  PALACK.—  The  magnitude  of  this  organ  is  necessarily  very  great.  The  rough  drawings  which  have  been  prepared  for  the  guid guidance  ance guidance  of  the  committee  show  that  it  will  occupy  an  area  of  about  5,400  feet,  so  that,  supposing  it  to  be  placed  at  the  end  of  the  transept,  and  to  extend  from  one  gallery  to  the  other  in  width,  its  depth  will  be  about  50  feet,  and  its  altitude  may  be  about  140  feet  from  the  ground.  The  in internal  ternal internal  structure  of  such  an  instrument  is  divided  into  stories,  like  a  house,  for  the  convenient  support  of  the  sound-boards  and  pipes.  In  the  present  case  the  feeders  of  the  bellows  must  be  moved  by  a  small  steam-engine,  and  this,  together  with  the  feeders,  should  be  disposed  in  an  underground  ap appa;rtment  pa;rtment appa;rtment  beneath  the  organ.  The  space  beneath  the  first  floor  of  the  organ  may  thus  be  entirely  disengaged,  being  only  occupied  by  the  pillars  required  for  the  support  of  the  organ,  and  by  the  wind-trunks.  This  portion  of  the  struc structure  ture structure  should  be  constructed  substantially  of  stone,  iron,  or  brick,  and  open  on  all  sides  with  arches,  and  will  thus  form  a  part  of  the  area  of  the  transept.  An  organ  of  this  ex extent  tent extent  will  cost  £25,000."
