text
"taTtis  Tj  'Ruction.  TO  CLOSE  A  TRUST.  TO  SOAP-BOILERS  AND  OTHERS.  By  Mr.  SYERS,  On  WEDNESDAY,  the  7th  of  December  next,  at  Six  o'clock  in  the  evening,  at  the  house  of  Mr.  Taylor,  publican,  7,  Earle-street,  Liverpool,  4  PIECE  of  Valuable  LAND,  situate  o  n STYLE=superscript  Lot STYLE=superscript  1. STYLE=superscript  13._  the  north  side  of  Edmund-street,  and  west  side  of  Earle-street,  in  Liverpool,  having  a  frontage  to  Edmund Edmundstreet,  street, Edmundstreet,  of  24  feet  2  inches,  or  thereabouts,  and  to  Earle Earlestreet,  street, Earlestreet,  of  104  feet  4  inches,  or  thereabouts,  together  with  Two  Dwelling-houses,  a  table,  and  Warehouses  erected  thereon.  Also,  an  undivided  MOIETY  in  a  Piece  of  LAND,  upon  which  part  of  a  soapery,  late  in  the  occupation  of  Messrs.  Vaughan  'and  Staveley,  stands  ;  which  piece  of  Land  con.  tains  in  front  to  Edmund-street,  10  yards,  or  thereabouts,  and  runs  backward  on  the  east  side  along  the  back  of  the  before-mentioned  premises,  34  yards  2  feet  and  5  inches,  or  thereabouts,  and  on  the  west  side  34  yards  2  feet  and  8  inches,  and  contains  in  the  whole  3481  yards,  or  thereabouts.  Also,  the  ENTIRETY  of  the  remaining  part  of  the  LAND,  upon  which  the  Soapery  stands,  which  has  a  frontage  to  Earle-street  of  19  feet  6  inches,  or  thereabouts,  together  with  the  whole  of  the  buildings  standing  upon  the  said  Land,  consisting  of  the  said  Soapery  and  Sheds  attached,  and  also  with  the  Fixtures,  Machinery,  Vats,  and  other  Soapery  Utensils  upon  the  said  premises.  And  together  with  the  privilege  of  free  access  to  and  from  the  said  Soapery,  from  and  to  Edmund-street,  through  a  court  called  Whitehead's Whitehead'scourt,  court, Whitehead'scourt,  and  the  free  use  of  a  passage  leading  from  Earle Earlestreet,  street, Earlestreet,  along  the  north  side  of  the  said  Soapery.  The  whole  of  the  above-mentioned  pieces  of  Land  comprise  an  area  of  about  925  square  yards.  2.  The  remaining  undivided  MOIETY  in  the  above abovementioned  mentioned abovementioned  piece  of  LAND,  fronting  to  Edmund-street,  and  forming  part  of  the  Soapery,  the  dimensions  of  which  piece  of  Land  ara  given  above.  Further  particulars  and  plans  may  be  obtained  on  application  to  Messrs.'  CHRISTIAN  and  JONES,  Solicitors,  3,  Harrington-street  ;  or,  to  HUGH  MOLYNEUX,  Esq.  119,  Islington,  Liverpool.  WILLIAM  ROBERTS  &amp;  CO.,  Ship  Store  Dealers  and  Export  Bottlers,  10  and  12,  Cooper'  Row,  Liverpool.  FORBE  I  S  BROTHERS,  Importers  of  Cognac  BRANDY.  Mids.  and  qr.  Casks,  Palf,  and  Bruich,  in  bond.  25,  South  John-street,  Liverpool."
