text
"threeha:f  each  week,  to  receive  the  money  from  the  Collec•ors  the  Sub-treasurer,  and  the  Committee  also  Is  each  per  night  Society  prospeied,  the  collectors  bees..  , STYLE=superscript  ~..----  the  members  etreles  commission  was  inere....  afterwards  to  3d.,  or  25  per  cent.,  as  certified  provided  no  too  e  than  21.  in  the  shim  mittee  regret  their  inability  to  fix  the  precise  dat  salaries  of  the  different  officers  were  increased,  r  all  access  to  the  books  of  the  society.  euftice  it  present  time  the  president  receives  about  secretary  besides  allowances,  the  .  ,  and  the  sub-treasurer  .4i73  per  an  num,  aittough  the  rules  per  do  no  niehtt  provide  f  or  th  e  payment  of  a  shilling  to  that  officer.  About  the  year  1845  another  abuse  crept  Into  the  management,  namely,  the  collectors  sitting  on  committees4To  this,  and  the  dereliction  of  duty  on  the  part  of  the  president,  is  to  be  attributed  all  the  extravagance  and  peculation  which  lollowed.  The  president  is  invested  with  authority  over  a.l  the  officers  ,of  the  society,  and  consequently  liable'for  their  misconduct.  In  1851  in  consequer  ce  of  the  erllece  tors  (illegally  as  we  believe)  sitting  on  {committees,  and  then  num.  bering  15  (so  that  they  outnumbered  tl.e  committee  as  lega  , STYLE=superscript  ly  con,  stituted)  voted  to  then  selves  .t'2s  each  by  way  of  Christmas-box.  Against  this  Mr.  shepherd  and  others  protested  at  the  time  at  an  annual  eeneral  meeting  held  in  Ci•cus-s  , STYLE=superscript  reet,  but  owin  g  t  o  th  e  illegal  disorderly  and  indecent  manner  in  which  the  meetings  are  invariarly  conducted,  it  was  impossib  e  tot  revent  the  fraud  being  perpetrated,  end  nearly  :4510  of  the  society's  money  to  be  swept  away.  The  committee,  eith  the  exception  of  Mr.  Henry  Shaw,  receiving  410  each  for  their  complicity  in  he  matter.  In  1852  they  (the  officers  and  collectors)  disagreed,  as  people  of  their  character  usually  do  some  time  or  other,  and  the  members  were  in  hopes  that  the  old  adage  would  be  verified  in  their  ease,  i.e.,  rogues  fall  out,  However  In  this  they  were  disappoidted.  The  annual  general  meeting  for  1853  was  to  have  been  held  in  the  Argyle-rooms,  Newington,  but  owing  to  thenotoriety  which  the  transactions  of  the  society  hal  acquired,  it  was  found  on  the  night  of  meeting  that  all  Newington  would  not  contain  the  nnmber  of  members  who  assembled  the  consequence  was,  that  the  president  adjourned  the  meeting  sine  die,  thus  r  e  ndering  it  impossible  to  hold  another  meeting  for  twelve  months.  By  this  clever  they  secured  another  year,  during  which  to  make  things  snug  among  themselves.  Having  become  reconciled  to  one  another,  the  annnal  meeting  of  1853  took  pl.ce  in  Clayton-hall,  consisting  principally  of  women  and  children,  who  evidently  acted  under  the  guidance  of  some  persona  who  directed  when  to  hiss,  &amp;c.  This  meeting  was  dis•ineuished  for  more  than  the  usual  amount  of  Billingsgate  and  rowdyism,  ,  It  being  utterly  impossible  for  any  one,  except  the  officers  of  the  society,  to  obtain  a  hearing.  It  appears  from  the  printed  re  oft  published  by  them  for  that  ye  ar  ,  t  h  at  two  life  policies,  for  £IOQ  each,  were  accepted  from  the  sub-treasurer,  Mr.  Currie,  as  security  for  41000  which  he  owed  to  the  society—the  real  fact  being,  that  he  had  appropriated  that  amount  of  the  society's  funds  to  his  own  uses  He,  besides,  held  at  that  time  4790,  over  and  above  the  41000  be,  fore  mentioned.  Whereas  the  Piles  of  the  society  declare  that  all  over  £3OO  should  be  at  once  placed  in  the  bank,  in  the  name  of  Wm.  Brown,  M.P.  This  appears  to  have  been  the  state  of  affairs  in  1854.  The  sob.  treasurer  owed  £1790,  some  odd  shillings-,the  society  held  the  security  mentioned  c.  130  e.  ed  to  2d  in  the  sh  nd  this  )  creep  in.  the  collectoni  then  to  2id„  and  .s  lien  the  rules  This  corn.  at  which  the  they  are  denied  J  say  that  at  the  J  per  t.nnum,  the  tee  ss.  •  It  appears  to  this  Committee  that  emboldened  by  the  impunity  with  which  they  escaped  previously,  they  began  to  look  enviousl,  on  the  entire  fundslot  the  society,  as  the  man  Is  said  to  have  done  upon  the  goose  which  layed  the  golden  eggs.  Accordingly  a  few  days',  previous  to  the  1  st  general  meeting,  which  took  place  on  the  98th  of  D  cember  lust,  in  the  School-rcom,  Bevington-hill,  Mr.  Shepherd  received  a  communication  from  ore  of  the  auditors,  Mr.  Michael  Murphy,  (a  gentleman  who  has  upon  various  occasions  rendered  immense  service  to  the  society),  stating  that  £2920  9s.  7d.  of  the  society's  money  bad  been  fraudulently  voted  away  by  the  commit.  tee  on  the  30th  of  November  last.  In  d  eo  „  n  n  ie  t  qu  i  raisaceuliftivil  thhicehlne:aadi  refused  to  sign  the  balance-sheet,  and  that  the  officers  of  the  society  were  determined  to  have  this  vote  confirmed  at  the  annual  Ineetl--  Mr.  Shepherd  attended  that  meeting  for  the  purpose  of  mn  ,-.  an  amendment  that  the  balance-sheet  be  rescinded,  and  the  sums  therein  included  .  of  the  society.  'What  took  place  feel  it  unnecess  brutal  style  Mr.  She!)lu  dienee  to  tl  ..  vote  —5  . STYLE=superscript  ,..  Fled  to  the  credit  t  on  that  OCcaslon  this  committee  cited  d.  How  tl-:  Pres.dent,  in  hi  s  usual  the  reporters  t  .  Hoated  when  that  gentleman  ascendedr  the  platfor  m  fintreone-  All  but  unanimous  call  of  the  meeting).  ;l  ow  thost  of  the  co  ll  ectors  exceeded  even  them  s  in  in  their  e STYLE=superscript  needing  _..,  y  and  no  co  ungentlfromemanly  cuiduct,  are  n  ow  notorious  facts.  comment  us.  Such  conduct,  we  are  co  W  II  recei  ve  a  fitting  condemnation  on  the  part  of  the  publicnvinced,..  This  committee,  then,  while  declaring  that  they  are  actu actuated  ated actuated  by  no  personal  animosity,  beg  to  express  their  firm.  determination  never  to  desist  until  they  obtain  a  free  and.  full  inquiry  into  the  affairs  of  the  society.  We  charge  the  officers  and  collectors  with  violation  of  the  rules,  with  Megan/  conducting  the  annual  general  meetings  of  the  society,  for  the  pur.  pose  of  suppressing  and  preventing  all  inquiry  ;  and  i  Y  udite  aß STYLE=superscript  rs,  - STYLE=superscript  ;riTil  charge  them,  upon  the  authority  of  the  Society's  a  fraudulently  appropriating  the  Society's  funds  to  the  am  ount  of  42,350  9s.  7d.  to  defa  This  committee,  ther  e  f  ore  ,  d  es  i  re  to  i  nform  t  h  e  mem  b  ers  ,  and  the  public,  that  they  ha  ve  ta  k  en  legal  proceed  i  ngs  ,  h  av  i  ng  engaged  solicitors  to  commenc  e  the  i  nqu  i  ry,  e  i  t  h  er  by  suit  at  l  aw  or  such  o.  her  !proceedings  as  they  may  deem  fit.  In  the  mealtime  sub..  scription  lists  are  w  ork  i  ng  and  this  committee  would  beg  earnestly  to  impress  upon  the  men  the  necessity  of  con  tributingti  their  pence  to  aid  in  the  prosecution  of  this  inquiry,  RS  hwh  a  vie  cuj  W  to  the  well-conducting  of  Societies  in  general,  as  for  this  pare  instance.g  sthoaoll  ahraereinntoemmostreedßionyathil  OsakquFreestindone:  !  l  asses  we  say,  gore  us  your  sympathy.  Shew  to  the  o  ffi  cers  of  all  Societies  of  the  town  that  you  are  ally*  to  T  y  o  ou  t  r  ho  ol  p  vn  uh  in  a  te  c  o  re  ls  s  o  ts,  o  sni  ll  y  y  o  oc  pounds  paid  annually  for  interments  by  waosf.uld  otherwise  fall  upon  the  poor's-rate.  t  Look  ihf  e  n  s  e  e  e  need  00  b  et  e  ih  ,  eet  y  l  o  teh  :  o  r  uw  p  sh  u  a  r  inc  s  dh  e  s  ,  We  claim  the  support  of  all,  having  nothing  in  view  but  the  pub..  lic  good,  and  the  preservation  o  f  t  he  rights  of  the  poor.  This  Committee  also  think  it  right  to  say  to  the  Meznbers,rlPar  your  Pennies  as  usual  to  the  Collectors  Who  may  call  upon  you.  If  any  of  the  Collectors  do  not  call  as  usual,  apply  to.  Mr.  Shepherd,  or  any  of  the  C  ommittee  of  Investigation,  who  will  give  yon  instructions  how  to  act  in  the  matter.  Don't  altos  , STYLE=superscript  '  yourselves  to  be  thrown  out  of  benefit.  Our  object  is  to  save,  notinjure  the  Society.  which  would  b  e  t  h  e  result  rif  Members  'Mgt  payment.  Co  nt  i  nue  your  payments,  and  we  pledge  ourselves  to  see  justice  tame  to  Ail  parties.  Signed,  on  b  e  half  o  f  t  h  e  Committee,:  111  Josims  SillipasßD,  99  Scotland-road,  Chairman.  FANG;  Writaklt•  fib,  scoup4-roo  t  mg%  svell"
