text
"agitation  is  to  secure  a  sufficient  supply  of  and  to  give  to  the  tow  n  the  benefits  of  all  the  scientific  improvements  which  have  t  3n  place  in  the  manufacture  and  distribution  of  light  within  nis  is  al  the  public  ask  It:a  does  M  STEWART  say  on  this  subject  ?  v  management  which  he  proposes  cannot  pay  the  amount  of  interest  settled,  they  will  have  to  raise  the  price  of  gas.  Respectable  and  proper  men  will  be  placed  on  the  direction,  and  they  will  raise  the  price  if  it  be  We  thank  Mr.  STEWART  in  the  name  of  the  gas  consumers  for  this  timely  notice  and  candid  assurince  !  It  is  a  little  remarkable,  however,  that  the  Corn  mittee  should  have  gone  so  far  out  of  their  way  to  expo  se  the  defects  in  our  gas  supply,  for  the  purpose,  as  it  were,  of  inducing  and  respectable  men''  to  take  its  management  into  their  hands,  and  to  induce  the  Town  Council  to  mix  themselves  .  -  up  with  an  undertaking,  which  they  were  unable  to  prove  was  capable  of  satisfying  the  demands  of  their  constituents.  What  we  want  is,  to  see  gas  taken  into  every  cottage,  not  only  in  Liverpool,  but  in  every  town  numbering  three  thousand  inhabi inhabitants,  tants, inhabitants,  and  its  suburbs.  Before  we  go  forward  to  reform  others,  we  commence  on  the  very  sound  principle  of  seeking  reformation  for  ourselves,  We  take  the  question  of  gas  supply  and  cost,  for  a  circle  of  forty  miles  round  Liverpool;  and  com commencing  mencing commencing  with  Birkenhead,  on  the  °their  cid()  of  the  river,  we  find  one  universal  complaint  of  inaccurate  meters  and  excessive  prices,  all  dating  from  that  monopoly  which  Ur.  STEwART  and  others  would  mantain,  by  uniting  consumers  with  Shareholders,  Corporate  and  other  bodies,  and  giving  them  an  interest  in  gas  management,  for  their  own  destruction  !  But  the  presene,resolu presene,resolutions  tions presene,resolutions  lo  not  biad  the  Council  to  anything.  Like  the  Austrian  propositions  for  peace,  they  only  form  the  bases  of  negotiation.  Whether  conferences  _  by  the  Committee,  with  closed  Et  sum  le  pri  11(1  do  dings,  in  a  matter  of  such  magnitude,  would  be  viewed,  by  a  Eariiamentary  Committee  with  fatal  misgivings  Then,  again,  we  have  Air.  Alderman  BENNETT'S  grounds  of  objection  to  the  resolutions.  He  tells  us  If  he  were  a  gas  proprietor,  the  fear  whiah  he  would  have  would  be,:that  some  other  light  would  discovered  which  woulc?  supersede  gas;  and  what  giore  likely,  now  that  chemistry  was  making  such  rapid  strider„  and  scientific  men  were  their  attention  to  tlie  l?ject?  What  would  become  of  them,  he  would  ask,  as  shax'o shax'o  - shax'o  a  property  of  the  value  of  something  ¢00,0001;  if  a  discovery  were  made  that  would  supersede  gas,  and  introduce  a  new  system  of  lighting  the  public  streets  ?  It  was  a  serious  contemplate,  if  they  considered  the  holders  arrangei4ant  in  that  Belligerents  ire  often  indebted  to  an  enemy  for  the  most  and  we  would  strongly  recommend  aluable  hints  Mr.  KITCEIEN,  and  his  Committee,  not  to  overlook  Mr.  Alderman  BENNET  .  7  I STYLE=superscript  B  fears,  with  respect  to  coal"
