text
"PROROGATION  OF  PARLIAMENT,  Yesterday  being  the  day  appointed  at  the  last  prorogation  of  Parliament  for  the  house  to  meet  for  the  purpose  of  making  a  further  prorogation  in  conformity  with  the  decision  of  her  Majesty  in  Council,  the  House  of  Lords  was  opened  for  that  purpose  at  2  o'clock.  -  There  were,  as  usual,  several  ladies  on  the  back  benches  of  the  body  of  the  house,  who  were  ad admitted  mitted admitted  to  be  spectators  of  the  ceremony.  Behind  the  bar  there  were  also  several  persons  in  atten attendance  dance attendance  for  the  same  purpose.  The  only  alteration  apparent  in  the  appearance  of  the  house  was  the  placing  of  a  few  new  statues  on  their  pedestals,  on  the  left-hand  side  of  the  throne.  The  Lords  Commissioners  were  the  Lord  Chan Chancellor,  cellor, Chancellor,  Lord  Campbell,  and  Lord  Stanley,  of  Alderley.  The  Lords  Commissioners  having  taken  their  seats  on  the  bench  placed  for  that  purpose  in  front  of  the  throne,  The  LORD  CHANCELLOR  said  they  were  met  to  hear  her  Majesty's  Commission  read  for  the  further  prorogation  of  Parliament,  and  he  directed  Mr.  Pulman,  Yeoman  Usher  of  the  Black  Rod,  to  summon  the  presence  of  the  House  of  Commons  to  hear  the  Commission  read.  Mr.  Pulman,  the  -yeoman  Usher  of  the  Black  Rod,  then  retirek  and  in  a  short  time  appeared  at  the  bar  with  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  W.  Ley,  the  Deputy  Clerk  Assis Assistant,  tant, Assistant,  Mr.  Williams  and  Mr.  Tindal,  door-keepers,  who  represented  the  Commons  of  Great  Britain  and  Ireland.  Mr.  Shaw  Lefevre,  Deputy  Clerk  of  the  House,  ihen  read  her  Majesty's  Commission,  proroguing  the  Parliament  from  this  day  to  Tuesday,  the  29th  day  of  November  next.  The  LORD  CHANCELLOR  then  said,  My  Lords  and  Gentlemen,  by  virtue  of  her  Majesty's  Commission  which  has  just  been  read,  and  in  obedience  to  the  same,  we  have  in  her  Majesty's  name  to  prorogue  this  present  Parliament  from  this  day  to  Tuesday,  the  29th  of  November  next;  and  we  have  to  declare  that  the  Parliament  is  prorogued  accordingly.  Their  Lordships  then  withdrew.  The  proceedings  did  not  occupy  more  than  a  few  minutes.  NEWMARKET  RACES.—YE  STE  RDAT  Sweepstakes  of  10  soverigns.  Jack  the  Giant  Killer  Bramly  Hobby  Horse  Handicap  Sweepstakes,  for  Two  Years  old.  Blanchie  filly  -  -  ........  Sister  to  Aphrodite  Selling  Handicap.  Nell  Gwynne  Winter  -  Six  ran.  Match.—Pharold  beat  Invasion,  FIRE  AT  A  COTTON  MILL.—On  Wednesday  morn•  ing,  about  half-past  Seven  o'clock,  a  fire  was  discovered  in  the  blowing  room  of  an  extensive  cotton  mill  at  Pendleton,  the  property  of.  Sir  Elkonah  Armitage  and  Sons,  spinners,  and  manufacturers.  An  express  was  immediately  despatched  to  the  Salford  town-hall,  and  shortly  afterwards,  chief  constable  Taylor,  with  two  engines,  and  a  strong  body  of  firemen,  were  at  the  scene  of  the  conflagration.  The  chief  constable  forthwith  got  both  engines  into  play  upon  the  blowing  room,  which  is  on  the  fourth  storey  of  the  building.  Soon  afterwards,  Mr.  Rose,  superintendent  of  the  Manches Manchester  ter Manchester  Fire  Brigade,  accompanied  by  three  engines  and  a  body  of  firemen,  were  on  the  spot,  and  directed  his  attention  first  to  the  lapping  room,--on  the  third  storey,  which  the  fire  had  by  that  time  penetrated.  Both  bodies  of  firemen  afterwards  played  jointly  on  the  third  and  fourth  storeys,  and  in  about  an  hour  the  fire  was  extinguished.  The  damage  done  is  estimated  at  1500  ;  £4OO  to  the  cotton  and  goods,  and  £lOO  to  the  machinery.  We  have  not  heard  the  origin  of  the  fire.  DUTY  ON  GLASS.—From  a  return  of  the  public  income  it  is  shown  that  in  the  year  ended  the  sth  of  January  last  the  revenue  from  glass  amounted  to  £10,116.  LIVERPOOL  MA  RK  ETS.—YESTERDAY.  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times  :  Our  produce  markets  have  been  extremely  quiet  to-day,  no  business  having  transpired  in  either  sugar,  molasses,  rum,  or  coffee,  Of  Rice,3,200  bags  Aracan  have  been  sold  at  12s.  6d.  ;  500  bags  Bengal  at  15a.  to  158.  3d.;  and  300  bags  Moulmain,  faults,  all  at  10s.  to  12s.  9d.  per  cwt.  350  bags  saltpetre  have  realised  28s.  6d.  for  91  per  cent  refraction,  and  half  a  ton  African  red  gum  copel  brought  120  a.  per  cwt.  At  auction  to•day,  about  15d  tons  of  ivory  were  disposed  of  at  prices  varying  from  £2B  51.  up  to  £4O  15s.  for  teeth;  and  from  £l6  15s.  to  £33  15s.  for  scrivelloes  ;  5  tons  Egyptian  went  at  £24  to  £3O  per  cwt.,  being  rather  an  easier  ratio  for  the  lower  descriptions,  but  an  advance  of  10s.  to  20s.  upon  fine  kinds  ;  about  20  tons  Panama  mother  of  pearl  shells  sold  at  £2O  per  ton.  In  tea  there  has  again  been  more  doing  at  advancing  rates,  and  common  Congeu  has  been  placed  at  ls.  per  lb  ;  holders  show  extreme  firmness.  COTTON.—The  sales  to-day  are  5,000  bales,  SOO  being  for  export.  The  sales  include  80  Pernams  and  Maranhams,  61d.  to  61d  ;  20  Bahias,  6Fd.  ;  500  Egyptians,  6  d,  to  61d.  ;  500  Surats,  38d.  to  41d.  The  market  closes  flat,  with  a  down downward  ward downward  tendency.  Compared  with  Friday's  rates,  prices  of  every  thing  are  in  the  buyer's  favour,  except  American  sid.  to  6gd.,  which  remain  scarce,  and  relatively  very  dear."
