text
"EAST  INDIA  HOUSE,  YESTERDAY.  A  Quarterly  General  Court  of  the  Proprietors  and  Di Directors  rectors Directors  of  the  East  India  Company  was  held  yesterdal  a  t STYLE=superscript  12  o'clock,  in  the  Company's  house,  Leadenhall-street  ;  sell  Ellis,  Esq.,  in  the  chair.  The  minutes  of  the  last  Court  having  been  read,  The  CHAIRMAN  stated  that  an  hon.  and  gallant  proprietor  had  given  notice  of  the  following  motion  That  topic  s STYLE=superscript  of  all  correspondence  relating  to  Meer  Ali  Morad,  which  hag  taken  place  between  the  Indian  and  Home  Governments,  °,  a  date  subsequent  to  the  27th  of  February,  1853,  be  law  before  the  Court  of  He  stated  that  WI  Court  had  no  objection  to  the  production  of  the  paper  s STYLE=superscript  called  for.  Mr.  M'KrixoP  gave  notice  that  he  would,  at  the  nest  l  Court,  move  for  the  production  of  papers  connected  v  it STYLE=superscript  a  the  Eastera  and  Steam  Navigation  Company.  A  goll  y  opinion  prevailed  that  the  Court  had  not  acted  liberiu:  o  or  fairly  with  the  Company,  and  the  production  of  tho'  papers,  therefore,  became  necessary.  -  Mr.  LEWINS  moved  for  the  correspondence  with  referent  to  the  removal  of  Mr.  Grant  and  another  from  the  Cl  Court  of  Bombay..  t  ye  No  person  having  seconded  the  motion,  it  fell  to  ground  The  mooting  then  broke  up.  TEE  OVERLAND  MAIL.  •  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Thursday  Morning.  We  have  received  papers  and  despatches,  by  Overland  Mail,  bringing  news  from  Bombay,  L  e  l  the  30th  ult.,  and  also  from  ChincL  The  t  t  lj STYLE=superscript  nese  as  they  were  eared,  until  iieY  proved  successful,  when  they  became  are  still  pushing  on  to  Pekin,  and  most  l STYLE=superscript  lelY  the  very  time  we  are  wr  iti  ng  ,  are  mas masters  ters masters  of  the  capital,  and  have  driven  out  the  Tartar  e  3  ll STYLE=superscript  jlapers  contain  some  details  a  trw  Jo  , STYLE=superscript  it  English  m  a  il  o  f  the  24th  Julie,  which,  -le STYLE=superscript  Y  become  known  *lll  excite  as  much  regret  al  id STYLE=superscript  indignation  this  country  as  they  have  7  i  ttd-Y  ha  mt.  The  defective  mail  comuni comuni?olliB  ?olliB comuni?olliB  haween  Boinbay,  and  Suez.  So  but  is  t STYLE=superscript  hat  the  merchants  declare  the  communication  2  worse  now,  then  it  was  nine  years  ago,  when  ''efina  was  not  known  in  these  parts.  Som  e  apprehensions  appear  to  be  entertained  of  , STYLE=superscript  sia,  giving  us  trouble  on  Persian  frontier  ,  but  We  shall  be  prepared  for  them.  FRANCE  IMPERIAL  VISIT  TO  THE  NORTH  OI  FRANCE  By  Submarine  and  iuropean  Telegraph.  BOULOG  N  E,  Wednesday.—Their  Majesties  arrived  here  from  Calais  at  three  o'clock  yesterday.  They  Ivree  received  :with  the  loudest  acclamations.  After  heir  reception  by  the  auth  or  iti  es  th  e  i  r  M  a  j  es  ti  es  u STYLE=superscript  nited  the  column  erected  to  commemorate  the  grand  army.  They  also  paid  a  visit  to  the  Cathedral,  and  in inspected  spected inspected STYLE=superscript  the  various  sights  of  the  town.  Hav Havlug  lug Havlug STYLE=superscript  dined  at  the  hotel  of  the  Sub-Prefect,  their  Ma Majesties  jesties Majesties  honoure'd  a  ball  at  the  theatre  with  their  pret3ence.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS  i  ate_  Mckcpkv.  Great  surprise  has  been  felt  by  the  Parisian  public  at  being  anticipated  by  the  Londoners  in  the  receipts  of  Eastern  intelligence  ;  but  it  may  Ile  explained  as  follows  :—Telegraphic  dispatches  are  received  here,  both  by  the  Government  anti  by  Private  individuals.  Now,  the  Government,  true  to  its  character,  alwayS  either  mutilates  or  suppresses  altogether;  and  when  private  journalists  receive  anything  of  a  startling  nature,  they  run  the  risk  of  evoking  the  wrath  of  Government  should  they  Publish  anything,  which  is  not  afterwards  confirm confirmed,  ed, confirmed,  and  are  afraid  to  publish.  The  same  thing  may  occur  again.  The  French  journals  of  yesterday  morning  were  I  tB STYLE=superscript  ignorant  as  sucking  babes  of  what  was  known  '  ll STYLE=superscript  London  on  Friday,  and  to-day  they  seem  in  genera/  to  find  a  salve  for  wounded  vanity  in  either  discrediting  or  underrating  the  importance  of  the  intelligence.  'rhe'Constitutionnel.merely  translates  tht.  td  . STYLE=superscript  the  Post,  and  doubts  the  intelligence,  because  it  I STYLE=superscript  „l'as  not  given  in  the  telegraphic  news  of  th  e  15th,  f STYLE=superscript  rom  Constantinople.  The  Journal  des  Debats  writes,  We  do  not  con-  Sider  the  panic  in  the  English  money  market  suffi sufficiently  ciently sufficiently  justified.  'lt  must  be  remarked  that  itp  to  this  time,  the  entry  of  the  fleets  has  fir  its  object,  not  a  reply  to  Russian  invasion,  but  the  repression  of  Turkish  insurrection,  and  the  protection  of  the  Sultan  against  the  war-party.  The  occupation  of  Constantinople,  viewed  in  this  light,  would  re  Isemble  the  occupation  of  Rome,  being  both  in intended  tended intended  tO  preserve  order  and  the  free  action  of  the  respective  governments.  When  the  Sultan  shall  be  liberated  from  the  tyranny  of  popular  passions,  egociations  may  be  resumed  with  better  hope  of  The  Debats  considers  that  the  present  situation  may  be  prolonged,  for  the  approach  of  winter  may  both  prevent  the  Russians  from  evacu evacuating  ating evacuating  and  compel  the  combined  fleets  to  winter  in  the  Bosphorus.  leader  Th(  alarmed  at  any  intelligence,  begins  Kation  al  which  is  never  as  follows  Englisli.papers  announce  that  a  part  of  the  r  u  glish  and  French  squadrons  have  entered  th  e  sphorus.  •It  is  singular  that  this  event  should  . STYLE=superscript  2t  be  as  yet  directly  known  in  Paris,  though  it  m STYLE=superscript  ust  have  known  in  London  on  F  r  id  a  y.  S STYLE=superscript  upposing  the  news  to  be  true,  it  need  cause  no  IRrprise  for  it  was  foreseen  and  ftnnounced,  on  the  Othe  r  hand,  far  from  causing  uneasiness  it  is  r STYLE=superscript  ather  calculated  to  re-assure.  The  presence  of  the  ueets  before  Constantinople,  will  guarantee  the  B STYLE=superscript  ecurity  of  Christian  residents,  and  the  free  action  of  the  Ottoman  government  both  menaced  by  Mus Mus-Bultnan  -Bultnan Mus-Bultnan STYLE=superscript  The  Siede  affects  to  have  been  better  informed  t STYLE=superscript  han  its  colleagues,  but  would  not  venture  to  g  i  ve  the  news  on  its  own  responsibility.  True  it  is,  that,  411 STYLE=superscript  Y  paper  publishing  telegraphic  news,  which  does  /lot  turn  out  correct,  is  sure  to  meet  with  the  c STYLE=superscript  astigation  of  Government.  This  journal  questions  the  power  of  a  few  ships  of  war,  t  o  curb  the  pas pasions  ions pasions  of  300,000  military  fanatics.  The  Moniteur  reports  the  arrival  of  their  Majes Majesties  ties Majesties  at  Valenciennes  and  Lille,  and  at  the  camp  at  ielfaut,  which  was  reviewed  and  raised  yesterday  amid  torrents  of  rain.  No  speech  is  reported.  The  municipal  council  of  Paris  has,  now  it  is  said,  Under  examination,  several  government  proposi propositions,  tions, propositions,  intended  to  procure  the  resources  necessary  to  cover  the  outlay  occasioned  to  the  city  of  Paris,  by  the  price  of  bread.  Iron  supplied  in  buildings,  Will  it  is  said,  pay  a  tax  of  3frs.  per  ton—cast  iron,  firs-  Coal,  instead  of  a  duty  of  21  centimes  per  hectolitre,  will  pay  60  centimes  per  100  kilogram kilogrammes.  mes. kilogrammes.  Faggots  of  hard  wood  will  pay  lfr.  DO  cents.  CrD  100.—Galignani.,  The  Union  Medicate  speaks  favourably  of  the  State  of  the  public'health.—No  case  of  cholera  has  Yet  been  reported.  Some  musical  items  may  interest  the  members  nlld  friends  of  your  philharmonic  societies  in  Liver-  POW.  Mario  and  Grisi  have  just  left  Paris  to  fulfil  e STYLE=superscript  ngagements  in  the  British  provinces.  Lablache,  great  basso,  whom  I  fear  you  will  never  have  11 STYLE=superscript  opportunity  of  hearing  again  in  Liverpool,  is  mere,°llc  to  St,  PeterSburgh  ;  and  after  a  short  sojourn  Tamberlik  has  followed  him.  M.  Roger  1 STYLE=superscript  ,5  1 STYLE=superscript  d  Madame  Tedesco  have  re-appeared  at  the  yPera  in  the  Prophete,  and  have  been  very  success-  There  l STYLE=superscript  was  10,000  f.  in  the  house  the  first  night.  A  new  opera  and  a  new  ballet  are  in  pre-  Paration  at  the  same  establishment.  The  former  by  i STYLE=superscript  s  M.  Limnander  ;  the  music  of  the  latter  by  Labarre.  At  the  Theatre  Lyrique  it  is  intended  tO STYLE=superscript  Produce  in  the  course  'of  the  winter  the  opera  of  eassilda,  composed  by  the  Duke  of  Saxe  Gotha,  Zile  of  Prince  Albert's  brothers.  It  has  already  eel).  successfully  represented  at  Brussels.  At  the  Bourse,  the  market  opened  with  lower  t  i STYLE=superscript  ees,  but  afterwards  improved  considerably.  °Sing  prices  -L-3  per  cents.,  75.75  ;  44-  per  cents,  1 STYLE=superscript  9  1 STYLE=superscript  40  ;  Bank,  2815  ;  Credit  fancier,  —;  ere ere].  ]. ere].  inebilier,  740.  Shares—Orleans,  1217.50;  Rouon,  4  25 STYLE=superscript  ;  Northern,  840  ;  Strasbourg,  933  ;  Bale,  375  ;  4„  stern,  705;  Havre,  505  ;  Central,  517  ;  Lyons,  ;  Mediterranean,  745,  5  P.M  toGalinanes  second  edition  gives  intelligence  down  the,  IGth  by  a  telegraphic  despatch  from  Mar Mar-113.'  -113.' Mar-113.' STYLE=superscript  the  Mail  Steamer  we  get  the  following  from  t  ri  °ll STYLE=superscript  stantinople  :—The  demonstrations  of  the  Ule Ulen  n Ulen  i  during  the  fête  of  the  Bairam  had  caused  the  th  e  to  fear  an  explosion,  and  on  the  14th  '  to  bring  in  a  part  of  the  combinedF  I.adron,  consisting  of  three  English  and  three  er  i  o  Aq  h  Li  frigates,  under  the  command  of  Rear Rearllral  llral Rearllral  Lebarbier  de  Tinan.  The  refusal  of  b  i  wis  . STYLE=superscript  riot  known  to  the  public  on  the  15th,  141  0  ,,i  le  diplomatists  were  informed  of  it.  An  ex ex-411P11  411P11 ex-411P11 STYLE=superscript  was  imminent.  The  Egyptian  troops  had  ht  th  eft  for  Varno.  Enthusiasm  and  .agitation  are  411  1  .„  e STYLE=superscript  ir  height,  and  great  alarm  prevails  among  the  liaq  o  inhabitants.  It  was  the  French  Ambas Ambasves,,l.,who  ves,,l.,who Ambasves,,l.,who  first  gave  the  order  for  bringing  up  the  exp'  e  ''&#34;  3 STYLE=superscript  of  the  twO  allied  owers.  A.  movement  is  e STYLE=superscript  ted  from  one  moment  to  another."
