text
"THE  DYERS'  STRIKI  ~4T  MANCHESTER.  he  strike  of  the  dr  When  we  last  referred  to  t  _ssers,  dyers,  and  finishers  of  Manchester  and  Salford,  we  stated  that  the  hands  of  Messrs.  W...Andre'W  and  Co.,  of  Tipping-street,  trdwick,  had.  returned  to  their  work  at  the  advance  asked  for,  namely,  3s.  per  week;  •and  that  there  was  a  hope  of  a  speedy  termination  of  the  strike,  which  has  unhappily  lasted  such  a  length  of  time.  The  negotiations  were  conducted  on  behalf  of  Messrs.  Andrews'  men  by  Mr.  Ralph  Bailey,  who,  at  an  interview  with  Mr.  Andrew,  generously  offered  to  pay  the  advance  himself  for  the  first  three  or  four  weeks,  upon  the  condition  that  at  the  end  of  that  time  the  hands  should  be  paid  245.  each  per  week  by  .  the  firm.  Mr.  Bailey  left  Mr.  Andrew  under  the  impression  that  the  terms  proposed  were  accepted  and  •  agreed  to  by  him  on  behalf  of  the  firm.  The  men,  about  130  in  number,  accordingly  returned  to  their  work,  but  they  had  not  been  long-  employed  when  intelli intelligence  gence intelligence  reached  them  that  it  was  not  the  intention  of  the  firm  to  give  any  advance.  A  deputation  wated  upon  Mr.  An Andrew,  drew, Andrew,  and  the  unwelcome  intelligence  proving  to  be  correct,  the  men,  in  a  body,  again  turned  out,  after  having  been  at  work  only  three  days.  A  pate  meeting  was  held  at  the  Corn  Exchan  tge,  Han  mg-  itch,  on  Friday  night,  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  propriety  of  establishing  a  dye-work,  to  afford  an  asy asylum  lum asylum  of  labour  for  the  men  on  strike  The  meeting  w  numerously  attended;  and  Mr.  Hulme  was  called  upon  'Co  preside.  The  CitAntmAN  having  opened  the  meeting  by  reading  the  placard  which  convened  it,  Mr.  JOAN  FEED.,  Secretary  to  the  Dyers'  Union,  addrebed  the  meeting  at  great  length.  He  took  a  review  of  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  which  preceded  and  eventually  led  to  the  strike.  It  was  proposed  to  establish  a  co-operative  dye-work  by  the  creation  of  6,000  shares  at  10s.  each,  by  which  a  capital  of  £B,OOO  ,mild  be  raised.  Mr.  Feer  concluded  by  moving  the  adoption  of  the  fitot  ro.nintion  which  was  as  follows  :  That  this  meeting  deeply  regrets  the  unjumt  ()our.  , STYLE=superscript  of  policy  pursued  by  the  master  dyers,  in  not  having  acceed.ed  to  the  just  and  reasonable  demands  of  their  Mr.  LINDSAY,  of  Bridge  Street,  seconded  the  resolution  ;  and,  in  doing  so,  referred  to  the  utility  and  prosperity  of  the  Tailors'  Co-operative  Establishment.  The  motion  was  carried  unanimously.  Mr.  FRANK  Donsox,  connected  i-ith  the  Iron  trade,  moved  the  next  resolution  That  this  meeting,  deeply  sympathising  with  the  Operative  Dyers,  and  believing  that  many  of  those  men  who  have  taken  an  active  part  in  the  present  strike  will  be  victimised  by  their  employers,  there therefore  fore therefore  considers  it  imperative  that  dye-works  be  established  as  soon  as  possible,  in  order  to  afford  an  asylum  of  labour  for  such  men  as  might  otherwise  be  deprived  of  the  means  of  stone-mason,  seconded  the  resolu resoluported  ported resoluported  by  Mr.  R.  J.  RICHARDSON,  and"
