text
"HOLY  4  ,  R  (AS  X  0  VA  VHOL  I  9  CW  00L  A  public  meeting  of'  the  Catholic  inhabitants  of  the  dis districts  tricts districts  of  Marybone  sand  Fontenoy-street,  was  held  last  evening,  to  egebrate  , STYLE=superscript  the  opening  of  the  Holy  Cross'Schools,  which  have  been  just  completed.  The  meeting  was  held  in  one  of  the  spacious  school-rooms,  and  thOugh  the  admission  was  by  paid  tickets,  there  could  not  have  been  less  than  from  three  to  four  hundred  people  present.  In  the  absence  of  the  Right  Rev.  Dr.  Brown,  .The  Rev.  Canon  WAL:mt.sLty  took  the  chair.  The  following  gentlemen  were  on  the  platform  :  Rev.  Robert  Cooke,  Rev.  Jno.  Noble,  Rev.  Francis  Lynch,  Rev.:  Edward  Bradshaw,  Rev.  Michael-  Hankinson,  Rev.  P.  Grant,  Rev.  Mr.  CollynS,  '  'Res'.  Thomas  Spencer,  Rev.  B.  O'Kelly,  Rev.  J.  Aylward,  Rev.  I.  Tobin,  Rev.  J.  Walsh,  Rev.  Peter  Gray;  Rev,  George  Cooper,  Rev.  Thomas  Kelly,  Rev.  Mr.  Dignan,  Rev.  Mr.  Nugent,  Messrs.  Allan  Kaye,  Richard  Sheil,  J.  Gibson,  T.  Gill  iw,  Win.  Gillow,  R.  H.  Sheil,  Jno.  Yates,.  jun.,  J.  C.  Corbally,  J.  Lightbound,  R.  Rockliff,.j.  Daly,  J.  Waltou,  J.  N.  Lomax,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  :The  CILAIRIiAN  said  he  was  afraid  they  would  find  in  him  a  very  poor  substitute*  for  the  illustrious  Chairman,  the  Dienitary  of  the  Church,  who  had  promised  to  presid  e  there  that  night,  but  who  had  unavoidably  been  detained  at  home.  However,  though  he  had  .  been  suddenly  called  on,  he  need  not  look  far  for  a  text  upon  which  to  say  a  few  words.  When  he  cast  his  eyes  around,  and  saw  the  glorious  building  .both  for  its-:  architecture  and  magnitude-sin  which  they  were  assembled,  it  would  shew  in  him  a  great  want  of.  ideas  indeed,  if  he  did  not  find  it  •  in  the  subject  its3lf.  He  thought  the  Catholics  of  Liverpool  had  now  most  triumphantly  brought  to  a  conclusion  that  most  magnificent  monument  of  their  zeal  for  theh  holy  religion.  (Applause.)  They  had  completed  those  glorious  schools,  which  were  destined,  he  was  sure,  to  produce  the  - STYLE=superscript  most  important  results  in  thafpart  of  the  town.  He  should  say  that  it  'also  refuted  a  charge  often  brought  against  Catholics,  that  they  were  upon  prin principle  ciple principle  adverse  to  education,  because  they  considered  that  the  enlightenment  of  the  mind  would  suggest  to  the  Catholics  objections  to  their  holy  religion.  They  had,  however,  amply  refuted  that  charge  by  building  that  glorious  edifice;  in  order  that  they  might  train  up  the  poorest  of  the  town  in  the  prin principles,  ciples, principles,  first  of  all,  of  their  holy  religion,  and  secondly,  to  give.  them  the  groundwOrk  of  that  education  which  would.  fit  them  for  citizens  of  this  world  and  of  the  next.  (Applause.)  Mr.  KATE  proposed  the  first  resolution  which  was  as  fol follows  lows follows  Resolved—That-our  warm  thanks  •  are  due  to  the  originators  of,  and  subscribers  to,  this  beautiful  building  in  'which  we  are  now  assembled,  for  their  great  exertions  in  behalf  of  the  poor  of  this  In  proposing  this  reso resolution  lution resolution  he  said  that  fifty  years  ago  there  was  only  one  Catho Catholic  lic Catholic  poor  school  in  Liverpool;  it  was  situated  in  a  small  room  in  Gerard-street,  and  was  capable  of  recieving  about  thirty  pupils.  But  some-  forty-five  years  ago  the  Catholic  community  of.  LiVerpoot  seeing.the  great  want  of  ineretii.ed  school  accommodation  for  the  poor  children  nobly  and-zea and-zealously  lously and-zealously  'stepped  forward,  and  raised  inecient  funds  to  erect  the  school  on-  Copperas-hill.  He  believed  'that  that  school  was  opened  about  the  year  1807  or  1809,  and  Was  capable  of  receiving  from  400  to'  500  pupils.  •  Froth  that  time  up  to  the  present,  various  schools  indifferent  partS  of  the  town  had  been  opened,  and  ho  miglit  say,  taking  into  consideration  the  school  in  Bevington-bush,  and  the  schools'  now  Opened,  there  could  not  be  less  than  10,000  poor  CatTio:-•  tic  children  under  education.  (Applause.)  -  To  all  lovers  of  education  this  information  Should  be  most  gratifyin  g  .  T  o  him  it  was  a  source  of  very  great  - STYLE=superscript  Pleasure,  as  he  .  wa  s  isure  it  was  equally  - STYLE=superscript  pleasing  to  all  who  heard  him.  (sear,  hear  )  But  he.was  sorry  to  say,  that  there  were  .  very  few  earthly  pleasures  without  some  alloy  ;  and  lie.-was  informed  that  if  twice  the  present  number  of  schools  were  erected,  in  a  very  short  time  they  would  all  be  filled.  (Hear,'  hear.)  That  showed'that  the  work  of  education,  se  far  as  the  Catholie  community  was  concerned,  was  but  half  completed;  and  ho  trusted  that  they  would  not  cease  in  their  exertions  when  the  schools  now  opened  - STYLE=superscript  were  beyond  danger.  (Applause.)  In  those  schools  the  three  grand,  rudiments  of  education  would  be  first  taught,  and  then  other  branches  Of.  education  would  be  in  time  communicated  to  the  pupils  ;  and  to  those  .  pupils,  whom.  ..he.  would  take.  under  his  particular  care,  he  would  give  a-prize  of  £1  to  each,  who  would  excel  respectively  in  reading,  writing,  and  arithmetic.  (Applause  4  Mr.  Kaye  'then  narrated  how  'the  'idea  ofthe  Holy  Cross  Schools  was  originated,  He  was  dining  about  three  years  ago'  with  Mr.  John  B.  Aspinall,  and  that  gentleman  having  observed.  that  schools  were  much  wan  t  e  d  in  that  district,  a  meeting  of  the  Catholic  community  was  called,  a  subscription  established,  and  'through  the  exertioni  ie  A  s  s  e  p_  n  i  t  na  r  l  f  M  c  r  o  ..  ti  G  s4  il  m  lo  m  w  a  „  ti  .  t  o  h  n  e  :  Work_  was  brought  - STYLE=superscript  To  - STYLE=superscript  liquidate  the  s  thd STYLE=superscript  c  f STYLE=superscript  h  i STYLE=superscript  o  t STYLE=superscript  o  si STYLE=superscript  l  r STYLE=superscript  s  P. STYLE=superscript  ,  however,  from-all  debt,  £BOO  was  still  wanted,  and  towards-  that  .  Mr.  Kaye  in  'conclusion,  begged  his  name  to  be  put  dawn  for  a  subscription  of  £25.  (Applause.)  The  Rev.  gr.  COILXNS  seconded  the  resolution.  He  said  that  coming  among  then  'with  his  fellow  missionarTfrom  the  society  of  St.  Francis.  Xavier,  to  express  their  sympathy  in  the  'great  and  geod  work  which  ~had  assembled:  ;  the  _meeting,  .he  --should,  -while  -congratulating  them  on  the  results;  or  •  'rattier  the  -- STYLE=superscript  anticipated  results,  of  their.  labours;  crave  their  indulgence..  in  -the  observations  -which  he  should  address  to  them  in  support  of  the  -resolution.•  •  He  was  not  accustomed  to  address  meetings  of  that  magnitude,  but  if  any  feeble  words  of  his  could  stir  them  up  and  inoVer.theriLto  still  greater  exertions  in  the,  great  cease  which  they  had.  undertaken,  he,-would  assure  them  that  in.  that  event  he  was.  but  too  happy  to  have  -the  opportunity  of  addressing  them.  ....(Applause).  -The  Rev.  Chairman  had  remarked  that  the  Catholics  of  Liverpool,  in  * STYLE=superscript  erecting  those  schools  for  the  education  of  the  poor,  had  abundantly'testified'  that  that-  charge-  was  false  unfounded,  and  utterly  untrue,  which,accused  the  Catholic  body  of  being  hostile  and  inimical  to  the  progress  of  education.  (Applause).  The  Catholics  of  Liverpool  had  certainly;  by  the  erection  of  these  schools  given  the  fullest  contradiction  to  that  false  and  ungrounded  charge;-  bet  he  (Mr.  Collyns)  could  not  but  think  it  waSrinnecessarythat  those  schools  should  be  erected,  in  order  that  that  charge  be  refuted;  It  had  been  refuted  a  thousand  and  a  thousand  times  over;  and  the  erection  of  those  schools  was  only  one  refutation  the  more  in  answer  to  that  unfounded  charge.  How  could  it-  be  said  in  any.  way  that  the  Catholic  Church  was  an  enemy-to  the  educat  ion  o  f  the  human  race  If  they  looked:back  through  the  pages  'of  history—if  they  called  to  mind  the  names  of  philosophers,  of  .  statesmen,  of  poets;  of  men  celebrated  i  n  every  wa  lk  an  d  in  every  department  of  literature;  they  would  'not  - STYLE=superscript  find  'that  the  .Catholic  Church  had  been  wanting  .  in  any  -of  these  respects.  (Applause.)  Nay;  they  would  find  that  she  had  given  her  quota,  and  more,  to  the  list  of.  those  celebrated  personages  .who  in  various.  ages.  of  the  world  had  adorned  the  history  of  the  .human  race;  But  perhapa.  it  'night  be  said,  that  if  the  Church  were  not  an  enemy  of  education  :altogether,  at  least  . STYLE=superscript  she:  had  forgotten  the  edadation  of  -her  .poorer  children.  But  wherever  a  :Catholic  chapel  stood,  there  was  to  .  be  found  a  Catholic  school  for  poor  children.  (Apple:lls6:y  .For.  the  Church  knew  that  if  her  children  had  'not  a  good  and  religious  'education,-  they  woold  not  in  Me=  turer  years  honor  to  the  faith  they-professed.  (Applause.)  .  The  resolution  was  carried  by  eiclamation,  Mr.  ,It,  41E4.  proposed  the  second  tesoliition,  which  was  as  follows  Resolved,  that  the  Catholics  now  assembled  •  being-  deeply  - STYLE=superscript  impressed  with  the:.benefitS  which  'a  sound,  religious,  and  moral  education,  Bestows  upon  all'  classes  of  s3eiety,  but  especially  in  the  children-of  the  poor,  happily  re rejoked  joked rejoked  at  the  completion  of  this  building,Y  and  pledge  them themselves  selves themselves  to  make  immediate  endeavours  to  .colleCt  the  sum  still  -wanted,  in  order  to  obtain  the.  government  grant  of  £llOO,  which  placed  the  school  free  from  all  This  resolation,  .  Mr..  Sheil  observ,ed,  had  not  inappropriately  been  , STYLE=superscript  given  to  him,  'because,  as  a  man  of  business,  he  should  be  supposed  . STYLE=superscript  to  have  some  little  .knowledge  as  to  what  should  be  done  in  order  to  Collect  this  money.  Be  would  Confine  his  remarkS  to  purely  secular  and  business  matters,  and-he  would  ask  them  to  listen  with  some,  ittle  attention  to  what  he  Would  say  on  the  subject  of  the  resolution.  He  had  to  tell  them.  •  that  a  good'  deal  of.  exertion:  had  been  irido,  and  a  very  considerable  mini  bellectbil,  in  order  to  _erect  the  very  fine  building  in.  which  they  %mere  assem assembled,  bled, assembled,  but  still  there  remained  a  considerable  sum  to  be  collected,  else  'they  would  .  lose  ;the  very  •  large  sum  -  to  which  they  were  entitled  from  aevernment—that  was,  to  which  they  were  entitled'  frOin  their  own  resources,  because  the  resources  of  the  Governirient  were  received  from  them  —  applause  and  therefore  they  would  'be  very  wrong,  indeed,  IC  they  did  not  endeavour  to  get  that,  Or  at  leaSt  a  portion  of,  it,  to  which  they  were  , STYLE=superscript  so  justly  entitled.  When  they  con con'skler  'skler con'skler  that  they  were  by  law,  or  the  minute  of  the  Council  of  Education,  entitled  to  the  sum  of  £llOO  - STYLE=superscript  on'  the'  collection  ,of  a  certain  other  sum,  it  would  be  very  .imprudent  unwise  in  them  indeed  .  not  to  make  every  exertion  to  .  enable  . STYLE=superscript  .  them  to  comply,  with  that  requisition.  Hear;  bear.  They  . STYLE=superscript  Were  told  'that'  over  £7OO  was  still  wanting  to  complete  this  other  sum,  and  therefore.  if  they-failed  to  col  lest  !  that,  their  lateness—for  upon,  its  collection  depended  the  government  grant,  which  would  be  £l,BOO.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  need  not,  then,  appeal  to  their  generosity,  but  ask  them  through  their  common  sense,  to  c  o  ll  ec  t  the'  .  required  sum,  (applause)'  and  he  was  sure  they  c  o  uld  d  o  it  i  n  a  '  very  s  h  or  t'  period  if  they  wished.  He  appealed  to  •  those  whom  fortune  had  blessed,and  he  was  sure  they  werild_centribute.  largely  ;  but  he  appealed  to,tbe  poor  themselves,  for  whose  more  special,  benefit  the  sehobwere_erected;  and.  should  tell  them  that  a  very  heavy  responsibility  rested  on  them,  if  they  did  not  endeavour  to  secure.  for  their  children  the  educa education  tion education  fhat  was  sought  to  .be-provided  for  them:  He  'would  ask  those  parents  who  were  in  the  habit  of  indulging  in  drink,  which  was  worse  than  unnecessary  to  them,  to  pass  by-  the  public  house,  and  contribute  'what.  they  .spent  in  the  gratification  of  their  own  passions  to  the  .education  of  their  children.  .If  they.  did  that,  they  would  derive  from  it  the  greatest  benefit  themselves..'  - STYLE=superscript  Th  e  y  would  improve.their  own  morals  their  character  and  health,  they  Would  secure  foilhern foilhernselves  selves foilhernselves  the  highest  reward,  in  the  nett  world  ;aod  while  thus  serving  themsolves,Would  confer  on  th  e  i  r  children  the  greatest  blessing  in  a  parent's  gift—a  sound  moral,  religious  educa education.  tion. education.  (Applause.)  .  Mr.  Thomas  BIACKEURNE  Seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  adopted.  •  '  :  .  Mr.  John  jun.;  proposed'  the  thi  r  d  reso  l  ut  i  on,  which  was  to  the  That  in  order  to  make  provision  for  theluture.  support  of  these  valuable  schools,  an  annual  subscription  list.  be  forMedy  to  consist  of  subscriptions  of  •  ss.  and  upwnrds  ;.,  and  that  the  system  of  -weekly  . STYLE=superscript  'collections  be  He  said  that  before  he  proceeded  to  the  subject  of  the  resolution,  he  could  not  refrain  from  following,  to  some  little  extent,  in  the  line  adopted  by  Mr.  Kaye  and  the  Rev.  Mr.  Collyns.  Having  met  on  that  very  great  and  important  occasion  to  celebrate  the  opening  of  a  school  attiongst  the  poorest  of  the  poor,  and  . STYLE=superscript  arranged  and  intended  for  .the  lowest  of  the  low,  amongst.whom  ignorance,  though  it  was  to  give  way  to  knowledge,  and  vice  to  virtue,  he  did  think  that  it  was  ap..oecasion  on  which  they  might  depart  from  the  matter  before  them,  and  exult  at  the  cause  which  had  assembled  them.  (Applause.)  To  those-who  had  taken  an  active  part  in  that  great  work—and  he  might  without  egotism  praise  them,  as  he-  was-not.of  their  number  —to  them  all  praise  was  due,  and  they  might  be  greatly  elated  at  the  success  of  their  labours.  He:  was  anxious,  then,  that  the  meeting  should  be  gratified  to  the  fullest;  he  was  anxious  that  all  who,  contributed  in  the  most  remote  degree  to  the  building,  should  feel  himself  exalted  beyond  those  who  took  no  part  in  it.  .  (Applause.)  He  believed  there  was  no  one  in  the  room  who  had  not  taken  a  part  in  the  work,  and,  therefore,  all  might  rejoice'  in  the  erection  of  'a  building  which  would  stand  forth  a  monument  of  Catholic  charity  —of  .  C  a  th  o  li  c  piety-and  of  Catholic  consideration.  In  erecting  it  they  had-given  -way  to  the  best  inpulses  of  their  nature;  and  carried  into  practice  the  precepts  of  the  reverend'  gentleman  who  presided  over  them  ;  and  he  was  sure  that  the  spirit  which  prompted  them  to  the  undertaking  would  'enable  them  to  carry  it  out  to  a  thorough  completion.  (Applause).  He  did  not  mean  to  reflect  on  other'parties';  but  he  had  a  right  - STYLE=superscript  to  Contrast  their  efforts  in  the  promotion  of  education  amongst  the  poor  with  those  of  other  creeds.  And  in  that  respect  they  (the  Ca Catholics)  tholics) Catholics)  most  favourably  contrasted  with  all.  other  religious  &amp;nominations.  (Applause).  In  confirmation  of  this,  Mr:  Yates  referred  to  certain  statistics  recently  .  Published  by  a  Protestant  gentleman,  and  in  conclusion  rejoiced  that  Ca Catholic  tholic Catholic  schools  weie-now  being  opened  in  the  districts  in  which  they  were  most  wanted.  (Applause).  Mr.  JAMES  Op3SON,  .  seconding  the  reso resolucpu;  lucpu; resolucpu;  said  .  that  the  best  -  testimonial  they  could  •  present  to  Mr.  Gillow  for  his  AinWearied  exertions  in  behalf  ,of  thoSe  schools,  would  boa,  generous  support  of  them.  Mr.  Gibson  then  put  down  his  name  for  a(  contribution  ution-  of  £25,  and  also  as  An  annual  subscriber.  (A  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted.  ;•  Mr.  DALY  propbsed,',  and  Mr..  LYNCH  seconded  the  next  resolution,  which.  was  to  the  effect  that  a  'Cominittee  be  !appointed  to  _manage  the  schools.  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted.  ,  Theltev.  W.  NOBLE  then  moved  that  the  thanks  of  the  ',meeting  be  given  to  Mr.  Alleyn  Kaye,.  -and  Mr.  Thomas  ;Gilloir,  the  treasurers,  and  to  the  collectors,  for  their  .unwearied-zeal  in  increasing.  the  funds  of  the  institution.  The  rev.  gentleman,  in  his  Address,  bore  the  highest  testi testimony  mony testimony  to  the  manner  in  . STYLE=superscript  Which,  the  poorer  portion  of  hi  s  flo:lchad  contributed  to,-and  collected  for,.  die  schools.  Mr.  cORBALLY  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  adopted:  I  On  the  motion  'of  Mr.  R.  -H.'  SHELL,  the  thanks  of  ,the  Meeting  were  .veod  by  - STYLE=superscript  acclamationio-the  Chairman.  iCI4S  3s.  Bd.  was  collected  by  subscriptions  during..  the  evening,  numerous  poorimen  being  among  the  contributors  ;  —X6  Bs.  2s.  in.  the  last  collection,  and  £24  19s.  as  annual  Subscriptions:  ANNIVERSARY  OF  TILE  LIVERPOOL  SEAMEN'S  FRIENDLY  SOCIETY.  The.  thirty  T  second  annual  meeting  of  -  this  society  w:1,3  held.yesterday.  evening  in  Dr.  Raffles'  chapel,  Great  Geote's-Sreet.  Dr.  Raffles  in.the  chair.  The  platform  was  occupied  by  the  Rev.  C.  M.  Birral,  :Rev.  A.  Cromer  '  - STYLE=superscript  Rev.  T.  .  Simpson,  Rev.  Richard  Knill,  of  Ch  es  t  er  ,  M  r  .  David  Rowland,  and  several  gentlemen  :connected  with  the  'Mer 'Mercantile  cantile 'Mercantile  service.  The  Rev:  JAstEs-Bunicz'  read  the  report,  which  detailed  the  anxious  efforts  of  the  committee.  to  procure  a  new  sailors'  chapel  on  , STYLE=superscript  shore.  The-  advanced  'prices  asked  for  a  ship  rendered  it  necessary  that  all  attempts  to  procure  a  floating  chapel  should,  be  abandoned.  A  chapel  .on  shore  would  cost  Xs,ooo;.and  towards  ,  this  the  members  of  ,the  com committee  mittee committee  were  already  large  contributors,  and  they  had  also  good  hopes  of  a  ,substantial  site.  The  Australian-and  emi emigrant'  grant' emigrant'  serviCes  *eib  next  - STYLE=superscript  adverted  to,  and  a  list  of.  the  ships  visited,  and  the  number  of  Services  and  con  „rogations  given  Tlie  Bethel  martyrs  were  mentioned,  and  that  a  North  Bethel  had  been  opened,'  and  'a  marked  iMprovement  in.  the  atten attendance  dance attendance  was  perceived.  *  The  dock's  and'  ships  would  require  increased  attendance,  for  at,  present  the  missionaries  could  net  reach  beyond  the  central  docks.  130  sailors'  boarding  and  lodging  houses  had  been  visited  by  4  devoted  men,  who  gave-  their  services  gratuitously.  In  Ihe  distribution  of  tracts,  the  society  had  expended  fifteen,  pounds,  'and  the  Religious  Tract  .  Society  had  given  them  a  grant  to  the  same  The  Treasurer's  statement  was  next  read,  showing  an  ex expenditure  penditure expenditure  during  the  last  -year  of  £159  --13  s,  11d,  and  a  balance  due  to  the  treasurer  of  £193  4s.  sd.  The  Rev.  Mr.  BIRREL  - STYLE=superscript  moved  the  first  resolution,  to  the  effect  that  the  report  be  adopted,  - STYLE=superscript  :Printed,  and  -circulated:  - STYLE=superscript  It  hoped  that  the,new  elapel.tobe  built  -for  the  exclusive  . STYLE=superscript  14e  of  seamen  -  would  not  - STYLE=superscript  be  put  into  a  back  street,  but.  would  -  loccupy  -a  prominent-  situation.  lfe  hoped  they  would  get  assistance  - STYLE=superscript  from  the  Corporation  of  Liverpool  in  sii'laudible  an  undertaking,  and  _he  wished  that  all  the  raeMberi  were  present  to  hear  the  stiggestion.  -  .  IThe  Rev.  A,.  Cnomnit  seconded  the  resolution  i  which  pissed  unanimously.  T4q,  meeting,  which  was  large  and  respectable,  .was  after afterwards  wards afterwards  addressed  by.  several-  of  the  •  gentlemen  present,  and  the  different  resolutions  were  carried.  •  1 STYLE=superscript  1  , STYLE=superscript  0138ERY.---011  Sunday  night,  a  luckless  individual  from  Ireland,  happened  to  get  into  company  with  some  prosti prostitutes  tutes prostitutes  in  one  of  the  streets  off  Williamson-square.  He  had  on  his  person  at  the  .time  he  met  the  woman  £5O  in  gold.  Nnt  many  minutes  after  leaving  them,  he  found  that  he  had  bden  robbed  of  the  entiie-amount.  BREAKING  INTO  . STYLE=superscript  A  DWELLING4IOIISE,—YestercIay,  at  the  S  ltord  'Borough  Court,,  William'  Chadwick  was  placed  be bei  i bei  fo  e-the  .magistrates;  Charged  with  having  broken  'into  the  thielling  house  of  William  Watson,  grocer,  Crowther-street,  w#h  intent  to  commit  a  robbery;  The  prosecutor  stated  that  ati  a  quarter  :  past  four  o'clock  on  -Sunday  afternoon,  he;  went  out  -  with,  his  wife,  and  returned  about  half-past  sii  o'clock,  when  they  saw  the  shadow  'of  a  man  on  the  blind,  reflected  by  the  fire.  Some  men  at  the  corner,  gave  a,  signal,  upon  which  the  prisoner  sprang  through-  the  -parlour  window,  ,by  which  he  had  obtained  access  to  the  house.  mill  endeavoured  to  makb  '  his  escape,  but  he  was  caught  by  the  prosecutor,  and  given  into  custody.  There  was  nothing  removed  from  the  house.  Committed  to  the  seFisions.  ,  ,  .  .  SCANDALOUS  REPORT.—We  copy  the  following  from  the  A  4  ion  of  yesterday..  local  contemporary  has,  we  re regrtt  grtt regrtt  to  my,  given  currency  to  a.shaniefhl  report,  which  originated  in  the  malignity  of  a  discharged  servant,.  reflecting  on  pc.  conjugal  fidelity  of  a  lady  residing  in  Aigburth.  We  asshre  the  public  (those  who  have  the  pleasure  of  an  ac acquiintance  quiintance acquiintance  with  the  - STYLE=superscript  family  need  no  such  assurance)  that  thqre  is  not  the  slightest  foundation  for  this  very  gross  att4cliThpon  the  lady's  .reputation.  The  pain  which  the  wicked  •  slander  has  caused  •  among  the  relatives  is  most  in.:.  temp.  Iler  respected  and  venerable  parent;  to  !whom  royalty  itsqlf,  aSrWOI  as  his  fellovi-townsmen,  have  done  honour,  is  cloSely:;:etnifined'to  his  residence  suffering  from  a  severe  in injure  jure injure  to  - STYLE=superscript  his  foot;  and  to  the  bodily  pain  he  endures  is  added  the;  feelings  of  •  anguish  and  indignation  at  his  daughter's  preViously.  unsullied  reputation  being  tainted  by  the  too-.  rea  f  Credence  'given  by  the  public  to  a  malevolent  false  ho  .  .We  are  glad  to  hear  that  the  most  energetic  steps  are  being  taken  to  search  out  and  punish  the  propagator§  of  its  very  disgraceful  slander  upon  a  lady  whose  conduct  has  hitherto  been  above  THE  FATAL  ACCIDENT  I:t  DRURY...LANE—On  Saturday  an  irigitest  was  held  before  the  borough  coroner,  touching  the  death  of  John  Pearce,  who  met  with  his  death  on  the  pre.  vious  day,  by  a  plank  havint  , STYLE=superscript  crushed  his  chest.  After  the  evidence,  .a  verdict  of  accidental  death  was  returned.  In  refei•ence  to  this  melancholy  .  accident,  we  have  received  the  folldwineletter:  :With  rega  rd  to  'Mr.  Norris,  the  'Surgeon,  who;se  hung  is  freely  mentioned  in  the  letter,  we  think  it  only  right  to  state  that  his  reftiSing  to  attend  without  his  fee  was  notking  - STYLE=superscript  more  - STYLE=superscript  thari  professional  :  •  .  '  -  .  .  .......  •  _  _..._.  .......  ......_............  ._  .  .  .  TO  THE,EDITOIt  OF  THE  ORTHERNDAILY  TIMES.  Sin,  — STYLE=superscript  You  will  no  doubt  record  in.  your:journal  an  epi epitome  tome epitome  of-  the  'evidence  .  given  '.before:  the  deputy  coroner  on  Saturday,  on  the  inquiry  touching  the  death  of  John.  Pearce  ;  and  as  there  are  'a  few  cireninStances  which  ought  not  to  be  overlooked  (if  the  publication  will  effect  any  good),  I  will  narrate  their  particulars..  .  At  about  half-past  three  O'clock  on  Friday  afternoon,  I  heard  a  scream,  and  on  gOing  to  the  street,  the  deceased,  John  Pearce,  was  lying  insensible  on  his  back.  I  adminis=  tered  with  a  teaspoon  'a  little  dilated  brandY  and  honey  ;  raiseid  him  on  the  step  :  he  became  sensible.  Two  officers  Came  np,.bnt  while  they  were.  getting.  the  number  :of  the  cart  land  other  etceteras,  the  man  became'  Worse,  and  being  pronounced  as  dying,  he  was  carried  intO:piy  house,  with.  the  view  of  his  being  sent  to  the  hospital,  and  provided  with  medical  assistance,.  Three  quarters  of  an  .hour  after  the  oceurrence;.Captain  Greig,  the  head  constable,  was  passing,  and  to  him  I  communicated  the  facts,  complaining  of  the  the  delay,  as  the  officer  had  not  returned,  and  urged  himi  as  I  thought  the  man  was  dying,  to  see  hint.  Captain  Greig  declined  !  .  •  .  and  left,  saying_  he,  would  .  send  *iininediate  assistance;  Shortly  after,  one  of  the  officerrprevionsly  alluded  to  returned,  .and  expressed  his  'surprise'  that  the'  doctor,  .0  whoni:  he  had  been,  had.  not  arrived.  He  Went  again,  and  returnvd  from  the  dispensary  with  the  answer  that  doctor  was  I  then  went  mySelf  to  Mr.  Norris  (one  of  our  parish  surgeons),  and  saw  his  assistant.  I  mentioned  the  ease  to  him  ;  he  replied,  Mr.  Norris  has  told  meof:iti  - STYLE=superscript  but  that  it  was  nut  Of  his  district,  and  he  could  .  not  go  without  his..  I  immediately  guaranteed  the:.  fee,  and  in  a  short  time  Pearce.was  visited  by  Dr.  Norris's-assistant!  who  did  not,  however,  administer  anything  to  him,  lie  ceased  .  to  exist  shortly  before  seven  o'clock  navia;  been  lying  in  my  house  between  three  and  four  hours,  without  receiving  'MEDICAL  aid  ;  hoe  was  a  stretcher  obtained:  until  the  man,  who,  in  :  human  timely  aid  might  Uire  saved,  was  breathing  .  his  last  &#34;'Trusting  that  ,these  particulars  may  suggest  in  future  smile  Oiganizatiou  that  will  prevent  snob  serious  delays,.  am  Si  ,  ,'  yours,  &amp;J  ROBE  ItT  M.  ntpSiOn;  ItonSO  Drury-lane.  ,  .  *  It  is  due  to  Captain  Ureig  to  say  that  I  have:learned  that  hesent  word  to  the  ceritral  office,  though  no  one  came  to  give  assistance.  t  The  policeman  received  the  same  answer  at  Mr.  Isingley  Norris's  shortly  after  the  accident."
