text
"stitutionallimits  within  which  the  King  holds  his  dominions,  the  protest  was  based.  And  to  these  points  the  American  Commissioner  responds  by  saying  To  me  it  is  not  surprising  that  the  mer merchants  chants merchants  and  landed  proprietors,  whether  Americans  or  others,  should  perceive  great  commercial  advan advantages  tages advantages  in  such  a  connection,  considering  that  the  principal  part  of  the  commerce  of  the  islands  is  with  the  United  States,  and  that  the  islands  must  look  almost  exclusively  to  the  Pacific  coast  of  the  United  States  for  a  market  for  their  products  and  the  means  of  paying  for  their  heavy  imports.  I  per perceive,  ceive, perceive,  therefore,  nothing  very  extraordinary  in  the  project  remonstrated  against.  -  And  if  now,  or  at  any  future  time,  it  shall  be  found  decidedly  for  the  interest  of  both  countries  to  unite  their  sovereign sovereignties,  ties, sovereignties,  I  am  unable  to  perceive  any  treaty  of  moral  obligations  on  the  part  of  either  to  forbid  the  de desired  sired desired  union  or  any  good  reason  for  foreign  inter interference  ference interference  to  prevent  There  is  something  so  extravagantly  ridiculous  in  the  foregoing  asser assertions  tions assertions  relating  to  the  commercial  dependence  of  the  Sandwich  Islands  on  the  United  States,  that  their  author  could  not  escape  contradiction..  In  truth  the  facts  are  so  widely  different  to  the  statement  of  the  American  Commissioner,  that  he  absolutely  contradicts  himself  in  the  second  para paragraph  graph paragraph  of  his  dispatch,  where  he  goes  on  to  say,  that  French  and  English  subjects  might  still  be  en entitled  titled entitled  to  the  privileges  of  the  most  favoured  and,  on  the  score  of  commercial  advantages,  cannot  well  complain  of  being  subjected  .in  these  islands  to  the  revenue  laws  of  a  country  which  consumes  and  pays  for  French  manufactures  and  other  pro products  ducts products  to  the  amount  of  40,000,000  dollars  annually,  and  of  British  goods  to  the  amount  of  100,000,000  dollars  annually—the  revenue  laws  of  a  country  rapidly  growing,  and  whose  trade  is  now  of  more  value  to  Great  Britain  and  France  than  that  of  any  of  their  colonies,  if  not  indeed  of  all  of  them  added  together,  vast  as  English  colonies  are.  Here  Mr.  LUTHER  SEVERANCE  proves  our  case.  He  shows  in  fact,  that  by  the  annexation  of  the  Islands  in  question,  England  will  forfeit  commer  cial  advantages,  which  yield  a  return  of  100,000,000  dollars  annually,  and  whose  trade  is  now  of  more  value  to  Great  Britain  and  France  than  that  of  all  their  colonies  put  together,  vast  as  English  colonies  are.  ,Beyond  this  point  it  would  be  futile  to  follow  Mr.  SEVERANCE.  The  object  of  the  American  Go Government  vernment Government  is  now  before  both  the  people  of  France  and  England,  and  their  respective  Cabinets,  and  we  must  necessarily  pause  awhile  to  allow  time  for  the  expression  of  some  well-matured  opinion  from  the  administrations  of  the  two  great  commercial  nations  whose  interests  are  jeopardised  by  a  re-enactment  of  all  the  horrors  of  pro-slavery  aggression.  In  the  meantime  England  is  not  in  a  position  to  abandon  so  large  a  portion  of  her  foreign  trade  and  other  vital  interests,  in  order  merely  to  appease  the  hungry  ambition  of  the  slave  7  holding  annexationists  of  the  Mississippi.  AN  extraordinary  case  has  lately  been  brought  before  the  Consistory  Court,  wherein  a  lady— ladymirabile  mirabile ladymirabile  dictu  !—sues  for  a  divorce,  a  mensa  et  thoro,  against  her  husband,  on  the  alleged  ground  of  adultery  and.  ill-treatment..  Full  reports  of  the  proceedings  have  been  going  the  round  of  the  newspapers;  and  although  they  in  no  wise  tend  to  edification,  still  the  principle  involved  is  most  important,  and  deserves  the  utmost  consideration.  Signor  Ciocci,  a  young  gentleman  of  prepossess prepossessing  ing prepossessing  manners  and  considerable  acquirements,  who  holds  the  appointment  of  Italian  Professor  at  Eton  College,  Brighton,  pays  his  addresses,  for  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  time,  .to  a  lady  (we  believe  the  daughter  of  a  clergyman),  named  Miss  JE3i.  IMA  FRANK.  She  is  somewhat  older  than  her  admirer,  and  is  in  possession  of  alarge  fortune.  They  finally  become  man•  and  wife  ;  •  and,  •  for  •  a  short  time,  much  affection  seems  to  exist  between  them.  After  a  few  months,  however,  Mrs.  Ciocci  leaves  her  home—remains  for  a  considerable  time  concealed  —and  subsequently  institutes  the  suit  to  which  we  have  before  alluded.  Evidence  pro  and  con  is  adduced  of  a  most  disgusting  and  contradictory  character—and  the  Court,  in  order  to  consider  the  evidence,  reserves  its  judgment.  In  matrimonial  contests  especially,  it  is  most  difficult  to  arrive  at  the  truth,  or  know  which  party  to  censure  ;  and  those  legally  appointed  for  such  a  purpose,  have  both  a  disagreeable  and  onerous  duty  to  perform.  Ordinary  Courts  of  Law  are  bad  enough,.  Heaven  knows  !  but  even  that  of  Chancery  itself,  in  its  un-reformed  condition,  would  have  been  prefer preferable  able preferable  to  these  musty,  dusty,  rusty,  ,extortionate  Ecclesiastical  tribunals.  English  law  is,  in  several  instances,  fearfully  defective  ;  in  none,  perhaps  more  so  than  with  reference  to  divorce.  The  very  attempt  to  obtain  justice,  in  this  respect,  involves  a  protracted  litigation,  and  an  immense  outlay  of  money  ;  consequently,  the  wealthy  can  only  ven venture  ture venture  on  such  a  course.  It  is  an  old  saying,  and  a  true  one,  that  there.  is  One  law  for  the  rich  and  another  for  the  poor  and  this  reproach  is  only  too  well  merited.  Why  should  not  justice  be  attainable  by  all  individuals  alike?  It  is  . STYLE=superscript  monstrous  and  iniquitous  to  suppose  that,  because  one  man  is  more  prosperous  in  a  worldly  consideration  than  another,  he  should  have  legally  an  undue  advantage  over  his  fellow.  It  is  an  essential  requisite  in  the  constitution  of  justice  that  it  should  be  equally  and  easily  attainable  by  all  clasSes  of  a  community  irrespective  of  their  social  rank  or  condition.  We  have  no  disposition  to  relax  unnecessarily  the  bond  of  matrimony;  but  we  contend  that,  under  certain  circumstances,  the  law  should  permit  and  afford  facilities  to  parties  not  only  to  live  apart  and  enjoy  the  conjugal  name  merely  in  a  prohibitory  sense,  but  to  have  full  and  free  permission  to  form  other  matrimonial  alliances.  We  can  hardly  con conceive  ceive conceive  of  a  tyranny  greater  than  that  which  obliges  parties  of  conflicting  tendencies  and  tem temperaments,  peraments, temperaments,  and  with  no  common  sympathies  or  interests,  to  live  together  in  daily  intercourse,  in  open  violation  of  all  that  is  solemn  and  beautiful  in  the  marriage  compact;  and  which,  even  in  case  of  positive  infidelity,  affords  no  relief  without  a  most  harassing  and  expensive  course  of  litigation,  first  in  the  Ecclesiastical  Court  ;  and,  secondly,  in  the  upper  House  of  Parliament.  The  laws  of  most  countries  have  empowered  husbands  to  put  away  their  wives.  Among  the  Jews,  Greeks,  and  Romans,  this  privilege  obtained  ;  and  the  same  authority  is  exercised  to  this  day  by  the  Turks  and  Persians.  The  laws  of  England  do  not  sanction  such  a  right—although  they  have  formerly  permitted  the  employment  of  corporeal  punishment  by  the  male.  But,  says  Sir  WILLIAM  BLACK  STONE,  This  power  of  correction  was  confined  'within  reasonable  bounds,  and  the  husband  was  prohibited  from  using  any  violencQ  to  his  . STYLE=superscript  wife,  aliter  quam  ad.Virum,  ex  causa  regiminis  et  !,eastigationis  sue,  licite  et  rationabiliter  pertinet.  The  civil  law  gave  the  husband  the  same,  or  a  larger  authority,  over  his  wife;  allowing  him,  for  some  misdemeanours,  flagellis  et  fustibus  acriter  verberare  uxorem  ;  for  others,  only  modicum  castiga castigationem  tionem castigationem  However,  in  the  reign  of  the  second  CHARLES  these  laws  were  modified.  We  only  regret  that  so  many  should  be  found  at  the  present  day  resolved  to  •  stick  up  foi  old  privileges.  The  Divorce  Commissioners  have  had  this  matter  for  a  long  time  under  consideration.  They  have  pointed  out  the  expediency  and  necessity  of  modifying  and  simplifying  the  lawS  appertaining  . STYLE=superscript  to  divorce,  and  assimilating  them  more  closely  to"
