text
"swick  appeared  in  r.  H.  T.  Taylor,  soli(  meler,  Tipping,  and  RUNE  sutler,  who  were  charged  with  receiving  tl  lem  to  have  been  stolen.  It.will  be  re-  Wol  n-r•  )ds  kno  win  lenitered  that  the  I  that  we  stated  that  ccess  to  the  premises  must  ha've  been  obtained  by  the  sieves  crossing  the  river  Irwell  at  a  point  near  Albert  ridge.  A  person  named  Fairhur  was  the  first  witness  calla  and  lie  stated  that  he  was  engineeL  Travis,  who  has  works  near  the  Albert  Bridge.  Mr.  _  lets  off  number  of  his  rooms.  On  Saturday  afternoon,  about  four  o'clock,  witness  locked  up  and  left  all  in  safety  then  On  Sunday  morninc  , STYLE=superscript  he  went  to  the  premises  about  f  to  nine  o'clock,  and  consequence  of  what  he  saT  for  Mr.  Brown,  who  has  the  charge  of  Mr.  Miles  Simpson's  silk  manufactory.  Mr.  Brown,  manager  of  Mr.  Miles  Simpson,  silk  manufacturer,  occupying  rooms  in  Albert Albertstreet,  street, Albertstreet,  stated  that  on  Saturday  last  he  locked  up  the  premises  at  three  o'clock  when  all  was  safe.  On  Sunday  morning  he  to  Mr.  Thoma  quarter  .  ;owed  a  communication  from  the  last  witness,  in  cons  quence  of  which  he  went  to  the  premises  of  his  employer,  when  he  found  that  an  entrance  had  been  effected  through  a  window,  and  that  several  bundles  of  silk  warps  were  missing.  He  at  first  thought  that  the  value  of  the  property  stolen  would  be  about  £lOO  ;  but  since  then  he  had  ascer ascertained  tained ascertained  that  the  value  of  the  missing  goods  was  about  £l4O.  Access  had  been  obtained  to  the  premises  by  the  thieves  crossing  the  river.  Inspector  Maybury,  of  the  de detective  tective detective  department,  stated  that,  on  Sunday  evening,  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  Inspector  Buckley  and  others,  he  went  to  the  house  of  the  prisoner  'Walker,  who  is  a  silk  manufacturer,  at  Collyhurst,  near  Manchester,  and  has  twenty  looms  at  work.  He  told  Walker  that  there  had  been  a  large  quantity  of  silk  warp  stolen  from  a  mill  in  Albert-street  ;  that  the  silks  were  of  blue  and  black  colours,  and  a  quantity  was  boiled  off  and  in  a  wet  state.  He  further  told  Walker  that  he  was  charged  with  having  received  the  stolen  silk  that  morning,  and  asked  him  for  it.  He  said,  Well,  I  did  re receive  ceive receive  something,  and  there  is  a  part  of  it  pointing  to  a  bundle  on  a  chair.  Witness  looked  at  the  bundle,  and  said  the  stolen  property  was  not  all  there.  Walker  replied,  No,  the  other  part  is  at  my  son-in-law's  The  property  was  found  accordingly  in  the  house  of  the  son-in son-inlaw,  law, son-inlaw,  which  is  distant  from  that  of  Walker  about  300 STYLE=superscript  or  400  yards  only.  Walker  said  that  certain  parties  had  brought  the  goods  to  him,  and  that  'he  had  advanced  £l2  upon  them.  The  parties  charged  with  stealing  the  property  were  apprehended,  two  in  one  house  and  . STYLE=superscript  two  in  another,  at  four  o'clock  on  Monday  morning.  Mr.  Brown  was  re-called,  and  identified  the  goo  Is  produced  as  the  property  of  his  employer.  All  the  missing  has  been  recovered  except  the  boiled-off  silk.  The  prisoners  were  remanded  till  Thursday.  BRUTAL  ASSAULT  UPON  A  FEMALE.  —At  the  City  Police  Court,  yesterday,  a  person  named  john  Watson,  was  placed  before  the  magistrates,  charged  with  having  committed  an  unprovoked  and  brutal  assault  upon  Mrs.  Billman,  who  keeps  a  stall  in  Smithfield  market.  Mr.  Francis  Robinson,  solicitor,  was  for  the  complainant  ;  and  Mr.  Rigge,  solicitor,  I  •  for  the  'defendant.  It  appeared,  that  the  Complainant,  Mrs.  Mary  Ann  Billman  was  the  wife  of  Mr.  Edward  Billman,  fishmonger,  Smithfield  market,  and  that  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  was  also  a  fishmonger  somewhere  in  the  same  neighbourhood.  On  Tuesday  last,  the  defendant  was  fined  by  'the  magistrates  for  assaulting  a  person  named  Littlewood,  in  the  service  of  the  complainant,  and  on  the  following  day,  (Wednesday)  he  went  to  the  complainant's  stall  in  the  market,'where  he  used  the  most  abusive  language  to  her,  threatening,  that  if  he  found  her  husband,  he  would  be  his  butcher,  and  eventually  taking  hold  of  her  by  the  hair  of  her  head  and  assaulting  her,  although  she  was  considerably  advanced  in  pregnancy.  The  case  was  clearly  made  out,  and  the  magistrates  fined  the  defendant  in  a  penalty  of  £5  and  costs,  or  in  default,  one  month's  imprisonment,  with  an  intimation  from  the  bench,  that  if  he  ever  came  into  that  court  again  in_  a  similar  charge,  •  he  would  either  be  prison  under  the  recent  act,  or  committed  to  take  his  tra  . STYLE=superscript  at  the  Sessions,  and  that  they  hoped,  if  sent  to  that  tribunal  the  recorder  would  make  an  example  of  him.  A  GRATEFUL  NATION.—A  wronged  man  I  have  been—more  wronged  than  this  world  tells  of,  for  ever  the  public  good  has  guided  me  in  suffering  as  in  action  ;  but  when  falsehood  is  in  vigorous  activity,  with  encouragement  and  support  from  power;  when  even  from  the  judgment  seat  insolence  and  oppression  are  dealt  forth,  the  dignity  of  human  nature  gives  a  right,  without  imputation  of  vanity,  to  avow  good  services.  To  me  also  as  an  inspired  truth  has  come  that  passionate  burst  of  eloquence  with  which  Charles  Fox  repelled  foul  enmity.  There  is  a  spirit  of  resistance  implanted  by  the  Deity  in  the  breast  of  man  proportioned  to  the  size  of  the  wrongs  he  is  destined  to  The  spirit  prompts  me  to  vindicate  a  claim  to  better  usage.  I  have  won  victories,  sub subdued  dued subdued  a  great  kingdom  by  arms  and  legislation,  governing  so  as  to  enable  a  million  of  human  beings  to  enjoy  life  and  lift  their  heads  in  freedom.  I  have  opened  a  vast  field  for  commercial  enterprise  by  the  Indus,  augmented'  the  revenue  of  the  Indian  government  by  millions  ;  and  in  a  moment  of  imminent  peril  saved  the  Anglo-Indian  Empire  from  mutiny  more  formidable  than  ever  before  menaced  its  stability.  The  return  has  been,  twice  to  drive  me  from  high  and  .honorable  positions,  and  all  but  proclaim  me  a  public  enemy.  In  parliament  vilified  by  men  without  truth  or  honor;  out  of  it  libelled,  and  from  the  bench  with  vulgar  insult  refused  protection  against  slander,  I  leave  my  actions  to  history,—Sir  cu  r  i  o  israpier,  33irtb5,  Xarriages,  antr  Oratbo.  BIRTHS.  At  Castle  Freke,  on  the  third  instant,  the  Lady  Carhery,  of  daughter.  On  the  4th  instant,  at  Oxford-street,  Mr.  still-born.  On  the  sth  instant,  the  wife  of  William  Wrensh  ill,  jun.,  Esq.,  of  a  son.  On  the  3rd  instant,  at  Hodroyd,  the  Hon.  Mrs.  E.  Monckton,  Hyman  Woolf,  of  a  son,  •hill,  the  wife  of  the  Lord"
