text
"will  throw  in  the  weight  of  her  balance  against  the  former  power.  It  is  said  that  the  late  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  adopted  by  the  head  of  the  Austrian  Cabinet,  conduces  to  this  opinion  If  Austria  takes  such  a  decided  step,  Prussia  will  also  be  induced  to  move.  The  question  is,  to  which  Power  will  she  give  her  support?  This  is  a  matter  of  immense  concern  Although  Monday  next  will  be  the  last  day  allowed  by  the  PORTE  for  Russia's  evacuation  of  the  Danubian  Principalities,  it  is  thought,  how-  ever,  that  a  longer  time  may  elapse  before  hostilities  will  commence  The  preyailing  opinion  in  some  quarters  is,  that  negotiation  has  been  exhausted  and  henc  3  that  a  positive  con-  flict  is  sure  to  ensue.  For  ourselves,  we  should  be  but  too  glad  to  view  the  matter  in  a  different  light;  but  upon  examination  of  all  the  cireum-  stances  of  the  case,  we  are,  however  unwillingly,  forced  to  adopt  a  like  conclusion.  THE  Commissioners  appointed  to  inquire  into  the  local  charges  on  shipping,  and  also  the  charges  on  goods  carried  in  ships  in  the  port  of  Liverpool,  met  at  St.  George's  Hall,  on  Wednesday,  and  ac accomplished  complished accomplished  the  duty  assigned  to  them  in  one  day,  the  Commissioners  having  previously  received  the  most  ample  information  in  the  returns  Made  by  the  Committee  of  the  Dock  Estate,  and  other  per persons  sons persons  immediately  connected  with  our  port.  The  object  of  the  Commissioners  sitting  in  Liverpool  was,  therefore,  to  give  an  opportunity  to  the  public  of  bringing  forward  such  facts  as  would  enable  them  to  make  an  unbiassed  report.  Under  these  circumstances,  we  hail  the  appearance  of  this  Commission,  as  one  of  those  salutary  measures  so  much  needed  to  utilise  the  powers  of  the  legislature.  But  to  form  a  correct  estimate  on  the  subject  of  local  charges  on  shipping  it  is  necessary  to  bear  in  mind  the  nature:and  extent  of  the  accommodation  afforded.  The  use  of  wet  docks  with  wharfs  at  which  ships  can  load  and  unload  in  any  state  of  the  tide,  and  in  any  weather  ;  the  convenience  of  sheds,  cranes,  and  a  variety  of  smaller  accommoda accommodations  tions accommodations  which  clocks  afford,  are  matters  for  careful  investigation.  When  taken  in  the  aggregate  they  form  a  serious  item  under  the  head  of  dock  but  if  shipowners  were  left  to  find  for  themselves  all  these  appliances,  so  necessary  for  the  despatch  of  business,  and  the  safety  of  ships  and  cargo  ;  the  expense  would  be  immeasurably  greater,  and  the  object  in  many  cases  unattainable.  Still  the  powers  conferred  on  chartered  or  incorpo incorporated  rated incorporated  companies  are  so  great,  that  a  careful  scrutiny,  and  a  perfect  right  of  supervision  by  government  has  become  almost  indispensibly  necessary.  'The  revenue  of  the  chartered  companies  of  England  has  been  estimated  at  upwards  of  £63,000,000  annually.  In  a  great  many  instances  the  expenditure  of  public  companies  exceeds  their  income,  while  others  (particularly  the  gas  and  water  Companies)  are  netting  enormous  profits,  and  still  continue  their  excessive  local  charges.  Commissions  of  Inquiry  then,  such  as  the  pre present,  sent, present,  will  confer  great  benefits  on  the  public  by  bringing  before  Parliament  the  operations  and  charges  of  those  public  bodies  established  by  acts  of  incorporation.  But  it  is  a  matter  much  to  be  lamented  that  the  Commissioners  sent  to  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  were  precluded  by  their  Commission  from  inquiring  into  the  pilotage  and  lighthouse  charges,  Sze.,  which  all  operate  so  prejudicially  against  this  port.  To  show  the  limited  powers  given  to  the  Commissioners  we  here  subjoin  the  Commission  at  length  :  Whereas  we  have  deemed  it  expedient  that  the  commis commission  sion commission  should  forthwith  issue  for  inqniring  into  local  charges  upon  shipping  in  the  ports  of  the  united  kingdom  and  islands  of  Jersey,  Guernsey,  Sark,  and  Man  :  Now  know  ye,  that  we,  reposing  great  confidence  in  your  zeal  and  ability,  have  authorized  and  appointed,  and  do  by  these  presents  autho authorize  rize authorize  and  appoint,  you  the  said  John  Henry  Thomas  Manners  Sutton,  Charles  Ramsay  Drinkwater  Bethune,  and  Colin  Blackburn  to  be  our  Commissioners  for  the  purposes  afore aforesaid  said aforesaid  :  and  our  will  and  pleasure  is,  that  you,  or  any  one  or  more  of  you,  shall  especially  inquire  into  all  charges  (other  than  duties  of  customs  payable  to  us,  our  heirs  or  successors,  pilotage  charges,  fees,  or  other  sums  payable  to  the  Board  of  Trade,  tolls,  or  payments  payable  to  the  corporation  of  the  Trinity  House  of  Deptford  Strand,  the  Commissioners  of  the  Northern  lighthouses,  or  the  Corporation  for  preserving  and  improving  the  port  of  Dublin  in  respect  of  lighthouses,  lights,  floating  lights;  beacons,  buoys,  or  other  marks  or  signs  for  the  sea,  and  rates  or  payments  payable  to  the  said  Trinity  house  in  respect  of  lastage,  or  ballastage,  in  or  near  the  River  Thames,  which  are  levied  or  leviable  in  any  part  of  the  ports  or  harbours  of  the  United  Kingdom,  or  of  the  island,  of  Jersey,  Guernsey,  Alderney,  Sark,  and  Man,  by  any  person  or  persons,  body  corporate,  or  local  authority,  ❑pon  ships,  or  upon  goods  carried  in  ships,  whether  in  the  nature  of  passing  tolls  or  otherwise,  and  to  report  upon  the  nature  and  amount  of  such  charges,  the  title  or  authority  in  law  under  which  the  same  are  levied,  the  application  of  the  same,  and  whether  and  how  far  they  are  applied  to  any  pur purpose  pose purpose  from  which  the  person  paying  the  same  derives  any  benefit;  also  upon  the  exemptions,  if  any,  of  any  particular  persons  or  classes  of  persons  from  any  of  such  Now,  the  exclusion  of  all  inquiry  into  those  charges,  which  are  felt  so  seriously  by  every  ship  bound  either  in  or  out  of  this  port,  was  doing  little  more  than  supervising  the  affairs  of  the  Dock  Estates.  This  was  stopping  unmeasurably  short  of  what  the  public  was  led  to  expect  and  really  requires.  The  charges  made  by  the  Dock  Com Companies  panies Companies  are  matters  which  can  be  adjusted  by  a  little  extortion  .on  the  part  of  a  few  shareholders,  and  where  extortion  is  attempted,  the  shipowners  have  power  enough  collectively,  if  not  individually,  to  bring  the  Dock  Company  to  a  sense  of  any  in injustice  justice injustice  that  may  be  done  or  attempted  ;  but  it  is  very  different  with  that  Leviathan  of  Tower  Hill— Hillthe  the Hillthe  Trinity  House.  This  chartered  body  is  not  only  beyond  the  reach  of  the  combined  influence  of  the  shipowners  of  England,  but  is  deaf  to  every  appeal  against  all  acts  of  injustice  and  tyranny.  Taking  the  position  of  the  port  of  Liverpool,  situate  as  it  is  nearly  at  the  headof  the  channel,  is  it  not  manifestly  unjust,  and  most  injurious  to  our  port  to  exact  light  dues  from  the  sea-going  ships  from  this  for  every  light  on  both  sides  of  the  channel,  from  Cape  Clear  to  the  pier  head  ?  The  lights  on  both  coasts  from  Liverpool  to  the  point  of  departure  on  the  Irish  coast,  amount  to  more  than  forty.  One-half  of  which  have  been  established  for  local  purposes,  and  are  of  little  more  than  local  use,  and,  therefore,  they  ought  to  be  supported  by  local  But  the  Trinity  Board,  with  more  craft  than  justice,  have  arranged  it  otherwise,  and,  consequently  the  local  charges  on  shipping,  and  goods  carrying  in  ships,  in  the  port  of  Liverpool  are  much  higher  than  they  need  be.  Had  the  Commissioners  come  down  here  with  power  to  enter  these  old  preserves  of  the  Trinity  Brethren,  we  could  have  filled  their  bags  with  information  of  considerable  value,  and  so  enabled  them  to  have  re reported  ported reported  fully  on  the  local  charge  of  this  port  generally.  As  it  is,  we  fear  the  Commissioners  have  left  us  under  the  impression,  that  the  charges  upon  Liverpool  shipping  are  more  just  and  moderate  than  in  any  other  port  in  the  United  Kingdom.  With  regard  to  the  charges  made  by  the  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  Dock  Committee  against  ships  coming  from  the  Birkenhead  Docks  into  those  of  Liverpool,  there  can  be  but  one  feeling  in  the  public  mind.  The  idea,  in  fact,  is  too  unjust  and  impolitic  to  escape  the  severest  censure.  The  following  case,  which  was  very  properly  brought  by  Mr.  Bramah  before  the  Commissioners,  is  so  glaring,  that  we  cannot  refrain  from  directing  attention  to  it  :  If  a  ship  left  the  Birkenhead  docks  for  the  purpose  of  coming  over  to  the  Liverpool  docks,  she  paid  the  whole  of  the  dues  from  the  foreign  port  she  might  have  left  before  coming  to  Birkenhead.  That  was  one  point  he  wished  par particularly  ticularly particularly  to  put  before  the  committee.  Supposing  a  ship  came  from  India,  and  the  cargo  was  consigned  to  Birkenhead,  she  went  into  the  Birkenhead  docks,  and  she  paid  the  Bir Birkenhead  kenhead Birkenhead  dock  trustees  the  dues  they  were  authorised  to  levy  by  their  Act  of  Parliament,  and  she  then  had  occasion  for  any  purpose  it  might  be  for  repairs,  to  enter  the  Liverpool  docks,  the  Liverpool  dock  trustees  charged  her  with  the  en entire  tire entire  rates  from  Calcutta,  whatever  other  foreign  port  she  came  from,  ignoring  the  existence  of  Birkenhead  as  a  dock  or  as  a  port.  They  did  not  deem  it  to  be  one  of  the  docks  of  Li Liverpool,  verpool, Liverpool,  although  all  goods  landed  and  embarked  at  Birken Birkenhead  head Birkenhead  were  charged  or  chargeable  with  town  dues.  A  case  had  occurred  within  the  last  few  weeks,  which,  as  example  was  better  than  theory,  he  would  detail.  A  large  ship  with  timber  entered  the  river;  in  consequence  of  her  great  depth  of  water  she  could  not  enter  the  Brunswick  dock.  The  con consignees  signees consignees  of  the  vessel  came  to  the  Birkenhead  trustees  to  see  if  they  would  take  her  in.  For  the  purpose  of  getting  rid  of  some  depth,  she  discharged  one  lighter  of  timber  in  the  river,  then  she  went  into  the  Birkenhead  docks,  and  the  re result  sult result  of  the  operation  was  that  she  had  to  pay  the  whole  of  the  dock  dues  of  Liverpool  as  well  as  those  of  Birkenhead.  This  was  the  operation  of  the  Act  of  Parliament  of  the  Li Liverpool  verpool Liverpool  Dock  tion  of  189  d  und,  Now,  seeing  the  obvious  hardships  to  which  the  shipowners  and  consignees  were  exposed  in  this  case,  we  are  at  a  loss  to  conceive  what  good  our  Dock  authorities  hope  to  achieve  by  carrying  on  that  childish  spirit  of  rivalry,  which  has  branded  their  acts  with  redicule  and  contempt.  Where  a  commercial  advantage  is  to  be  gained,  there  is  always  a  proper  course  to  follow,  by  which  it  can  alone  be  attained;  but  that  course  has  certainly  not  been  pursued  by  the  Liverpool  Dock  Committee  in  their  conduct  towards  the  Birkenhead  Dock  Company.  An  unfair  and  ungenerous  act  loses  none  of  its  foulest  attributes,  because  it  is  sanc sanctioned  tioned sanctioned  by  an  act  of  Parliament;  and  if  no  other  good  accrues  to  our  port  from  the  inquiry  of  the  recent  Commission,  beyond  taking  away  the  power  under  which  such  injustice  is  committed,  it  will  confer  a  lasting  benefit  on  the  best  interests  of  both  towns.  The  day  is  not  far  distant,  when  Liverpool  will  have  reason  to  be  proud  of  having  Birkenhead  as  an  auxiliary  port.  Iris  unplen  sant  at  any  time  to  have  to  remark  upon  a  feud  between  parties,  each  of  whom  we  believe  to  have  at  heart  the  best  interests  of  the  community.  Such  is,  however,  our  duty  at  present.  A  majority  of  the  working  pilots  of  our  port  are  in  a  position  of  antagonism  with  their  masters  ;  and  have  ap appealed  pealed appealed  to  the  Pilots'  Committee,  for  what  they  con consider  sider consider  as  grievances,  without  success.  Disappointed  men  are  apt  to  resort  to  violent  remedies,  injurious  in  the  end  to  their  own  interests  ;  and  to  prevent  this  we  take  the  liberty  of  offering  a  few  suggestions,  in  the  hope  that  we  may  serve  as  mediators  in  the  dispute.  The  working  pilots  ask,  in  substance,  for  two  boons.  In  the  first  instance,  they  say  that  one  master  is  sufficient  to  go  to  sea  with  each  boat,  and  that  a  master  ashore  is  superfluous.  Such  master  attends  each  tide,  or  should  do  so,  to  see  that  men  are  duly  put  on  board  of  the  vessels  which  belong  to  them  ;  but  there  is  always  in  port  a  companion  boat,  whose  master  can  attend  to  this  duty.  In  fact,  the  business  of  a  master  ashore,  whilst  his  boat  is  at  sea,  is  merely  nominal;  and,  when  it  is  considered  that  the  men  whom  they  have  to  direct  are  as  deeply  interested  as  themselves  in  their  duty  being  properly  fulfilled,  it  is  perfectly  unnecessary.  There  is  this  circumstance  also  to  be  borne-in  mind.  If  one  of  the  three  masters,  at  present  commanding  a  pilot  boat,  was  put  in  active  service  to  bring  in  or  take  out  vessels,  we  should  have  twelve  effective  pilots  added  to  the  service  of  the  port.  Another  of  the  complaints  of  the  men  is  that  the  masters  have  the  power  of  determining  arbitra  rily  which  pilot  is  to  bring  in  a  ship,  or  in  reality  who  is  to  make  a  long  cruize,  and  who  is  to  make  a  short  one  ;  who  is  to  bring  into  port  a  ship  which  can  dock  at  once  ;  and  who  is  to  bring  up  one  which  may  lie  for  a  week  or  ten  days  in  the  river  waiting  for  water  to  dock.  The  men  urge  that  in  every  other  pilotage  establishment,  the  precedence  is  determined  by  lot  ;  and  that  where  such  lot;  brings  to  a  working  pilot  a  disagreable  vessel  it  is  submitted  to  with  cheerfulness.  On  the  contrary,  where  the  selection  depends  upon  the  master,  the  suspicion  of  favoritism  is  naturally  created  ;  the  master  himself  is  looked  upon  as  a  potentate  to  whose  fiat  the  men  must  bow,  whether  just  or  unjust;  and  disaffection  on  the  part  of  the  crew  is  the  result,  instead  of  that  cordial  agreement  which  ought  to  exist  amongst  parties  so  situated.  For,  be  it  borne  in  mind,  that  beyond  having  the  charge  of  the  pilot  boat  itself,  and  having  an  allow allowance  ance allowance  of  about  £25  per  year,  from  the  owners  for  acting  in  that  capacity,  the  masters  are  in  no  respect  superior  in  their  rate  of  remuneration  to  the  first  class  journeymen.  They  have,  however,  immunities  which  the  latter  do  not  enjoy.  They  never,  as  we  have  stated,  bring  in  or  take  out  a  vessel  ;  and  are  thus  relieved  from  all  the  risks  to  which  the  working  pilots  are  subject.  It  is  a  grevious  pity  that  this  dispitte  cannot  be  amicably  arranged  ;  and  we  think  that  the  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  to  which  it  has  been  recently  referred,  might  have  consistently  and  conscientiously  done  something  towards  bringing  about  such  an  arrange arrangement.  ment. arrangement.  It  is  acknowledged  that  the  Pilot  Service  of  Liverpool  is  the  best  in  the  kingdom,  if  not  in  the  world.  It  has  been  thus  far  managed  by  a  local  authority  ;  and  it  will  be  a  source  of  never neverending  ending neverending  regret,  if  through  a  mistake  on  the  part  of  that  local  authority,  we  should  see  the  service  handed  over  to  centralization  management,  and  thus  proclaim  that,  even  in  a  matter  so  peculiarly  nautical,  the  shipowners  and  merchants  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  cannot  conduct  their  own  affairs.  SOUTHERN  AND  TOXTETH  HOSPITAL--Weekly  re report,  port, report,  October  19.-lu-patients  :  Discharged  cured,  2  ;  re relieved,  lieved, relieved,  0  ;  at  own  request,  2  ;  irregular  1  ;  dead,  3  ;  en entered,  tered, entered,  14  ;  under  treatment,  60.  Out-patients  :  —cured,  60;  entered,  47;  under  treatment,  52.  ACCIDENTS.—John  Kearns,  residing  in  3,  Court,  Grenville-street,  Scotland-road,  labourer,  was  hurt  in  Re Regent-road,  gent-road, Regent-road,  yesterday,  by  a  cask  of  palm  oil  rolling  on  him,  thereby  fracturing  his  leg.—Anthony  Cunningham,  a  lad  of  about  16  years  of  age,  was  hawking  chips  in  Sea-brow,  James's-street,  yesterday,  about  4  o'clock  in  the  afternoon.  He  was  trying  to  sell  his  ware  in  a  public-house,  when  a  dog  ran  out,  barking  at  him,  which  frightened  him  so  much  that  he  fell  back  in  the  street,  and  a  large  wagon  passed  over  his  chest,  thereby  fracturing  severely  one  of  his  ribs,  and  he  in  the  fall,  received  a  concussion  of  the  brain.  He  was  brought  to  the  Northern  Hospital.—John  Carr,  fireman  on  board  the  steamer  Europa,  had  his  foot  fractured  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  by  a  plank  falling  on  it.  Mr.  BROWNE'S  BENEFIT.—The  performances  for  the  benefit  of  this  veteran  and  favourite  performer,  took  place  at  the  Park  Theatre  last  night.  Several  amateurs  lent  their  services  for  the  occasion,  and  the  audience  testified,  alike  by  their  numbers  and  their  applauses,  the  respect  they  enter entertained  tained entertained  for  Mr.  Browne,  and  their  admiration  of  the  acting  which  distinguished  his  benefit.  SENTENCES'  PASSED  AT  THE  MANCHESTER  QUAR QUARTER  TER QUARTER  SESSIONS.—The  following  are  the  results  of  the  inves investigations  tigations investigations  into  the  charges  against  the  prisoners  committed  for  trial  at  the  quarter  sessions,  which  have  just  been  brought  to  a  close  :—Sentenced  to  penal  servitude  for  six  years,  two  ;  do.  four  years,  nine  ;  to  be  imprisoned  for  eigh eighteen  teen eighteen  months,  one;  for  twelve  months,  seven  •  for  nine  months,  two  ;  for  seven  months,  one  ;  for  six  months,.  thirty thirtyone  one thirtyone  ;  for  four  months,  nineteen  ;  for  three  months,  nine;  for  two  months,  six;  for  one  month,  four;  acquitted,  twenty twentyfour;  four; twentyfour;  bills  ignored,  five  ;  no  bills,  six;  referred,  the  prose prosecutor  cutor prosecutor  being  absent,  one.  DISEASE  AMONG  CATTLE.—In  the  act  of  the  late  session  to  extend  and  continue  the  Act  11th  and  12th  Vic.,  c.  107,  to  prevent  the  spreading  of  contagion  or  infectious  disorders  among  sheep,  cattle,  and  other  animals,  there  is  a  new  provision,  imposing  a  penalty  not  exceeding  £2O  on  any  person  bringing  glandered  horses,  &amp;c.,  into  markets  or  fairs,  or  turning  them  out  on  unenclosed  rand.  Duririg  its  transportation  from  Glasgow  to  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  the  statue  of  Sir  Robert  Peel  had  the  misfortune  to  have  an  arm  broken  off.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  HEALTH  CO3I.iIIITTEE  The  committee  met  yesterday,  Mr.  Alderman  LANGSDALE  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were—Messrs.  Beckwith,  Hodson,  Moss,  Henderson,  Johnson,  Fleming,  Nicholson,  Bigham,  and  alhead.  Mr.  ton,  the  building  surveyor,  reported  the  in,  lilapidated  privies  and  ashpits,  140  of  which  were  going  alterations  and  repairs,  and  48  of  which  required  Mr.  Newlands,  the  borough  engineer,  reported  nu numerous  merous numerous  particulars  of  the  work  done  and  in  hand  in  his  de department  partment department  ;  and  Mr.  Fresh,  the  inspector  of  nuisances,  re reported  ported reported  the  emptying  of  1016  cesspools,  the  inspection  148  nuisances  complained  of  by  the  inhabitants,  and  the  reference  of  68  others  to  the  borough  engineer,  for  remedy  by  drainage  &amp;c.,  with  a  detail  of  the  other  operations  of  his  staff  includ including  ing including  particulars  of  a  sanitary  examination  of  1006  court courthouses,  houses, courthouses,  and  1447  collars,  formerly  cleared  of  inmates,  in  the  lower  part  of  the  town.  It  also  appeared  that  the  sanitary  officers  had  made  special  examinations  during  the  week  of  2357  different  apartments  in  street  houses,  and  2742  rooms  in  court-houses,  in  these  districts,  for  the  purpose  of  remov removing  ing removing  aught  that  could  generate  disease.  - STYLE=superscript  The  - STYLE=superscript  Medical  of  Health  again  reported  favourably  of  the  health  of  the  town,  which  has  seldom  been  in  a  more  satisfactory  state  than  at  the  present  time.  The  mortality  of  the  Borough  in  the  week  endin  g  on  Saturday  last  was  186,  including  21  deaths  of  emigrants.  The  ordinary  mortality  was  thus  165,  while  the  average  of  the  same  week  of  the  preceding  five  years  was  190.  Twenty-five  deaths  from  Cholera  (of  which  21  were  reported  to  the  committee  at  their  last  meeting)  were  registered  during  the  week  :  the  number  in  the  previous  week  having  been  41.  Of  the  25  deaths  last  week,  21  were  in  the  case  of  emigrants,  2  inmates  of  the  workhouse,  and  2  residents  of  the  town  in  destitute  circumstances.  The  mortality  from  diarrha  continues  below  the  average  ;  the  deaths  having  been  13  against  15  in  the  week  previous,  the  average  being  16  in  the  same  week  of  former  years.  From  typus  thou)  were  10  deaths  last  week;  from  hooping  cough,  8  ;  from  scarlatina,  7  ;  croup,  5  measels,  1;  syphilis,  1;  from  small-pox,  none.  Two  deaths  were  reported  from  delirium  tremens.  During  the  present  week  there  have  been  eight  new  cases  of  cholera  and  two  deaths.  Two  of  the  new  cases  were  those  of  Irish  emigrants  ;  the  remaining  six  were  foreigners—one  the  keeper  of  a  German  lodging-house.  No  case  of  cholera  amongst  the  residents  of  the  town  has  been  reported  to  the  officer  of  health  since  the  last  meeting  of  the  committee.  The  medical  officer  of  nealth  in  conclusion  recommended  the  immediate  paving  of  Chapel-plaoo,  from  Dkunswiok-road  to  Erskine-street.  Notice  was  some  time  ago  served  on  the  owner,  and  has  expired.  The  recommendation  was  ordered  to  be  carried  out,  as  were  also  several  others  of  a  like  character  from  the  sub-com-  mittees.  Mr.  Moss  conceived  that  the  time  had  arrived  when  they  should  have  a  permanent  floating  hospital.  It  was  much  better  that  such  an  hospital  should  be  permanent,  and  he  thought  that  Liverpool  required  one  as  much,  if  not  more,  than  London.  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  that  their  sick  were  decreasing  every  day.  Mr.  13Ecurrit  thought  it  would  be  useless  to  keep  up  such  a  staff,  when  the  hospital  would  be  required  only  in  case  of  an  epidemic  like  the  cholera.  Mr.  M'GowAN  said  that  the  authorities  would  always  bring  the  sick  on  shore,  as  the  best  means  of  insuring  their  recovery,  and  would  transfer  to  the  floating  hulk  or  hospital  onlp  the  healthy  portion  of  emigrants.  Mr.  BIGHAM  brought  under  the  notice  of  the  committee  the  great  inconvenience  which  arose  from  the  want  of  unity  of  action  between  them  and  the  gas  and  water  committees.  On  the  21st  of  June,  or  thereabouts,  the  committee  decided  to  alter  the  level  in  Crown-street,  and  in  consequence  of  that  determination  Mr.  Newlands  wrote  to  the  committee  in  reference  to  the  matter.  On  the  26th  September  he  wrote  again  stating  that  the  water  pipes  were  laid  bare  in  Crown Crownstreet,  street, Crownstreet,  between  M7rtle-street  and  Oxfordstreet  ;  but  in  fact  no  sooner  had  the  'bottom  been  put  into  the  street,  and  the  ground  co  mmenced  to  be  solidified,  than  the  water  commit committee,  tee, committee,  without  any  intimation  to  the  health  committee,  sent  down  their  men,  and  again  tore  up  the  street,  to  the  serious  loss  and  inconvenience  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  district.  All  this  was  done  from  the  want  of  proper  unity  between  the  committees,  and  he  should  therefore  move  that  the  chairman  and  the  borough  eagineer  be  requested  to  wait  as  a  deputa deputation  tion deputation  on  the  water  committee,  to  represent  the  matter  to  them.  Mr.  BEcKWITH  observed  that  there  was  no  use  now  in  finding  fault  with  the  gas  committee  for  breaking  up  the  streets.  He  remembered  that  the  greatest  anxiety  was  expressed  some  time  ago  in  the  health  committee  to  purchase  up  the  gas  committee,  and  to  vest  its  powers  in  the  corpor corporation,  ation, corporation,  as  the  best  means  of  preventing  the  streets  from  being  repeatedly  broke  up.  But  what  was  the  consequence  ?  Why  that  now  the  water  committee  went  in  direct  opposition  to  the  health  committee,  and  though  they  had  been  notified  time  after  time  as  regarded  the  breaking  up  of  the  streets,  yet  they  still  persevered  in  doing  so.  The  CHAIRMAN  thought  that  before  any  observations  were  made  on  the  matter,  the  deputation  should  wait  on  the  wa  t  er  committee  and  send  in  their  report.  The  matter  then  dropped.  Mr.  Moss  called  attention,  on  behalf  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  district,  to  a  nuisance  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Fairfield.  The  Borough  Engineer  said  that  the  committee  had  done  all  in  their  power  to  remove  the  nuisance  referred  to,  and  that  they  could  not  do  more  than  they  had  done.  VOTE  OF  THANKS  TO  THE  CHAIRMAN  AND  DEPUTY  CHAIRMAN.  Mr.  BIOHAM  begged,  as  their  existence  as  a  committee  would  soon  terminate,  to  bring  before  them  a  resolution,  which  he  had  no  doubt  would  meet  with  general  concur concurrence.  rence. concurrence.  It  was  usual,  since  he  had  been  in  the  council,  that  some  expression  of  opinion  should  pass  between  the  mem members  bers members  of  a  committee  and  their  chairman  on  such  occasions,  and  he  knew  no  occasion  when,  from  the  merits  of  their  chairman,  they  should  be  more  united  in  the  expression  of  that  opinion  than  the  present  occasion.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  would  not  become  him  (Mr.  Bigham)  to  allude  to  anything  of  an  unpleasant  nature,  which  might  have  occurred  to  wound  the  feelings  of  their  chairman  during  their  existence  as  a  committee  ;  nor  was  there  any  occasion  to  do  so,  in  order  to  elicit  from  the  committee  the  expression  of  kindly  feelings  towards  their  chairman.  They  were  fully  aware  of  the  arduous  duties  and  responsibilities  which  especially  attached  to  the  chairman  of  their  committee,  and  that  knowledge  alone,  irrespective  of  any  other  consideration,  was  sufficient  to  insure  to  their  chairman  the  thanks  to  which  he  was  most  justly  entitled  at  their  hands.  (Hear).  He  would  allude  to  a  few  of  the  duties  which  specially  attached  to  that  committee.  In  the  first  place  a  most  important  duty  devolved  npon  them  in  the  assessment  of  the  various  taxes  which  the  inhabitants  had  to  pay,  and  which  amounted  to  upwards  of  £lOO,OOO  a  year  ;  and  they  had  not  only  to  asses  these  taxes,  but  their  control  and  expenditure  were  also  mainly  in  their  hands.  They  were  then,  and  particularly  at  this  moment,  a  board  of  much  greater  importance  than  any  other.  They  had  con considerable  siderable considerable  influence  over  the  health  of  the  town,  for  the  cleansing  of  the  streets,  the  emptying  of  ashpits,  the  re  mov  al  of  nuisances,  and  all  else  that  affected  the  sanitary  condition  of  thesborough,  had  to  be  controlled  by  their  officers.  The  duties  of  their  medical  officer,  of  Mr.  Fresh,  the  inspector  of  nuisances,  and  of  their  borough  engineer,  than  .whom  better  officers  could  not  be  had,  were  in  the  highest  degree  important,  and  he  was  therefore  correct  in  saying  that  their  committee,  if  not  superior,  was  at  least  second  to  none  in  the  council.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  how  had  they  performed  their  duties  ?  Let  the  present  healthy  position  of  the  town  —let  its  cleanliness,  compared  with  other  towns,  and  its  thorough  sewerage,  compared  to  what  it  was  twenty  years  ago,—speak  of  the  efficiency  with  which  the  duties  of  the  Health  Committee  had  been  performed.  But  while  the  com committee  mittee committee  hadbeen  zealous  and  attentive  to  their  duties,  and  ready  to  aid  in  carrying  out  every  useful  suggestion,  yet  he  believed  that  had  not  their  chairman  been  so  thoroughly  acquainted  with  the  details  of  their  duties,  they  should  rot  have  been  able  to  lay  before  the  council  a  report  of  the  town  being  in  so  healthy  a  situation  as  it  was  at  present.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  did  not  mean  to  defend  all  that  had  gone  wrong  within  some  years  past  ;  for  in  so  large  a  town  certain  things  would  of  necessity  arise  which  would  meet  with  the  disapproba disapprobation  tion disapprobation  of  the  inhabitants  ;  but  generally  he  would  say  that  the  duties  of  the  committe  had  been  efficiently  performed.  And  though  they  possibily  might  have  had  a  chairman  of  as  great  experience  as  their  present  chairman,  yet  they  could  not  have  one  who  would  discharge  his  duties  as  such  with  the  same  zeal  and  assiduity  that  he  had  done.  Morning  and  night  saw  him  at  his  post  ;  the  performance  of  his  duties  was  to  him  a  pleasure  than  otherwise,  and  therefore  it  was  that  the  committee  felt  so  deeply  indebted  to  him.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  conclusion,  he  (th.  Bigham)  begged  to  move  the  following  resolution  :  Resolved,—That  this  committee,  being  deeply  impressed  with  the  value  of  the  services  of  their  chairman,  Mr.  Alderman  La.ngsdale,  qannot  permit  the  municipal  year  to  terminate  without  placing  on  record  the  expression,  though  feeble,  of  the  sense  they  entertain  of  his  devotion  to  the  interests  and  business  of  this  committee  ;  and  they  desire  further,  in  an  especial  manner,  to  bear  testimony  to  the  temperate,  courteous,  and  considerate  manner  in  which,  on  all  occasions,  he  has  conducted  himself  in  the  discharge  of  his  duty  towards  every  member  of  this  committee.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Moss  seconded  the  resolution,  and  in  doing  so  ob observed  served observed  that  he  fully  concurred  in  every  word  that  had  fallen  from  the  proposer  of  it.  •  When  he  considered  the  indefatig indefatigable  able indefatigable  manner  in  which  the  chairman  had  performed  his  duties  during  the  past  twelve  months-  the  devotion  of  his  time  to  the  public  service,  and  the  accessible  mode  in  which  he  had  conducted  the  business,  (and  in  a  public  man's  character,  whether  he  was  accessible  or  not,  was  a  matter  of  very  great  importance)--when  he  considered  all  these  things,  he  (Mr.  Moss)  should  say  that  their  chairman  was  eminently  deser deserving  ving deserving  of  that  expression  of  thanks,  and  that  the  acceseible  manner  in  which  he  had  performed  the  duties  of  his  office,  not  only  redounded  in  the  highest  degree  to  his  own  credit,  but  also  threw  into  the  shade  the  exertions  of  every  other  member  of  the  committee.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Moss)  could  only  say  that  personally  he  felt  deeply  indebted  to  their  el  airman,  for  had  it  not  been  for  his  kindness  in  initiating  him  into  the  duties  of  the  committee,  he  felt  that  he  would  have  been  far  more  inefficient  than  perhaps  he  had  been.  And  he  hoped  that  if  it  should  be  the  intention  of  the  council,  as  no  doubt  it  was,  to  reappoint  the  committee,  they  would  meet  again,  and  act  in  the  same  harmonious  spirit  they  has  hitherto  done.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  HODSON  begged  to  be  allowed,  before  the  resolution  was  put,  to  bear  his  testimony  to  the  manner  in  which  the  Charman  had  performed  the  duties  of  his  office.  He  (Mr."
