text
"EARLY  CLOSING  To  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TrAts.  SIR-I  have  this  morning  received  the  following  anonymous  communication  ;  and  as  there  is  no  way  of  reaching  an  anonymous  correspondent,  except  through  the  PRESS,  perhaps  you  will  allow  me  to  anticipate  his  threat  of  bringing  its  vengeful  power  upon  my  head,  by  publishing  his  letter---the  original  of  which  I  send  you  :  Liverpool,  14th  Oct.,  1853.  Mr.  Flower,  have  passed  your  Establishment  several  times  after  Seven  o'clock  in  the  evening,  and  it  has  been  in invariably  variably invariably  open,  and  from  the  appearance  I  expect  it  would  remain  so  for  some  time.  I  have  asked  myself  the  question,  is  this  the  same  Mr.  F.  who  but  a  few  years  since  was  a  shopman  in  Mt.  Dismore's,  in  the  same  street  ;  and  could  write  a  very  good  essay  on  the  needs  be  of  early  closing,  for  a  variety  of  persons,  so  that  young  men  in  shops  should  not  be  slaves.  Two  copies  of  the  essay  I  took  myself,  to  help  on  the  cause.  To  be  consistent,  let  me  beg  of  you  to  look  at  your  old  master's  shop  at  Seven  o'clock,  and  if  pos possible  sible possible  be  ashamed  of  yourself,  and  do  as  you  wished  others  to  do,  when,  you  were  yourself  an  employed.  I  am  Sin,  yours,  &amp;c.,  LOOKER  P.S.—lf  you  still  keep  open  after  seven,  you  may  hear  from  me  again  through  the  press.—  Now,  Mr.  Editor,  although  I  hold  that  no  man  is  bound  to  notice  au  anonymous  letter,  and  although  I  could  have  wished  that  this  letter  had  been  couched  in  more  respectful.  terms,  yet  for  the  sake  of  the  good  cause  of  EARLY  cr.osING,  I  shew  the  writer  a  greater  courtesy  than  he  deserves,  by  bringing  his  effusion  before  the  world,  and  pleading  my  defence.  When  my  anonymous  friend  refers  with  so  much  pathos  to  my  aged  master,  does  he  know  that  my  said  master,  good  venerable  man,  has  always  been,  and  still  is,  one  of  the  sturdiest  opponents  of  the  Early  Closing  Movement  ?  Does  he  know  that  my  venerable  master  discharged  me  from  his  employ,  for  no  other  reason  than  for  my  determined  and  unflinching  advocacy  of  that  movement  ?  —Does  he  know  that  the  present  early  closing  of  my  venerable  master,  is  one  of  the  fruits  of  my  labour,—that  it  has  not  grown  out  of  the  convictions  of  his  own  mind,  but  is  the  effect  of  a  great  pressure  from  without—that  movement  and  that  pressure  having  indissolubly  associated  respectability  with  seven seveno'  o' seveno'  clock-closing:?—  Does  he  know  that  after  my  venerable  master  had  discharged  me,  I  devoted  three  months,  solely  and  ex exclusively,  clusively, exclusively,  to  the  work  of  emancipating  the  , STYLE=superscript  shopkeepers'-  assistants  from  the  slavery  of  late  hours  in  business  ;  having,  during  all  that  time,  two  clerks  and  two  messengers  con constantly  stantly constantly  employed  in  the  work,  attending  in  the  office  longer  hours  than  the  assistants  were  in  their  shops,  and  working  harder  than  most  of  them  in  their  daily  labours  ?—Does  he  know  how  many  papers  were  written,  printed,  and  circulated  during  that  time  ?  —how  many  Town  Hall  sittings  by  day,  and  committees  late  at  night,  were  then  held  ?—what  public  meetings  were  got  up,  and  how  the  eminent  speakers  thereat  were  instructed  in  the  merits  of  the  case,  and  brought  to  lift  their  voices  in  favour  of  the  assistants?  —Let  him  refer  to  the  newspapers  of  that  period,  and  let-him  note  some  of  the  gentlemen  who  took  part  in  those  meetings,  whether  I  laboured  with  energy  and  industry  in  the  cause—l  will  not  say  at  what  personal  sacrifice  of  time  and  money.  From  the  time  of  commencing  business  on  my  own  ac account,  count, account,  and  for  eight  years  my  shop  was  regularly  closed  at  seven  o'clock  on  every  evening  of  the  week,  and  at  all  seasons  of  the  year.  When  I  removed  to  my  present  house,  new  rivals  in  trade  had  sprung  up  in  my  immediate  neighbour neighbourhood.  hood. neighbourhood.  After  many  unsuccessful  endeavours  to  bring  them  into  the  same  rule,  and  finding  I  lost  business  by  closing,  while  others,  close  by  me,  kept  open,  I  was  at  length  Com Compelled,  pelled, Compelled,  in  self-defence,  to  keep  open  likewise—thus  acting,  by  compulsion,  contrary  to  the  principles  I  had  always  avowed,  and  still  as  strongly  entertain.  In  this  I  am,  as  my  anonymous  friend  desires  me  to  be,  of  my myself  self myself  ;  and  I  am  still  more  ashamed  of  my  neighbours,  whose  determined  opposition  has  thus  far  forced  me  to  depart  from  the  good  rule.  But  perhaps  there  is  still  hope  of  my  refor reformation,  mation, reformation,  for  the  difficulties  are  now  lessened—in  fact  reduced  to  one  instance  of  opposition—that  instance  being  one  res respected  pected respected  firm,  my  close  neighbours,  whom  I  have  repeatedly  asked  to  join  me  in  adhering  to  the  good  rule  of  closing  at  seven.  I  now  ask  them  publicly  to  do  so,  and  I  pledge  myself  that  if  they  comply  with  the  request,  I  will  pumtually  observe  it.  Their  trade,  I  believe,  like  my  own,  does  not  lie  among  persons  who  are  likely  to  be  late  purchasers;  and  whatever  respectable  competition  may  exist,  I  have  no  desire  to  compete  with  any  who  may  find  their  account  in  cultivating  a  connexion  with  the  fashionable  inhabitants  of  Williamson-square,  and  Hotham-street.—  Those  who  aim  so  high  may  have  the  field  all  to  themselves  so  far  as  I  am  concerned.  •  I  hope  I  have  said  enough  to  satisfy  my  anonymous  cor correspondent,  respondent, correspondent,  who  has  proved  himself  a  friend  indeed  to  early  closing,  by  the  fact  of  his  having  spent  a  shilling  upon  my  essay—and  if  he  will  improve  his  spelling,  and  mind  his  manners,  I  shall  be  happy  to  aid  him  in  any  efforts  he  may  make  towards  a  more  general  closing  of  shops  at  seven  o'clock.  lam,  Mr.  Editor,  yours  respectfull  E.  FLOWER,  Dold-ktreet.  22nd  Oct..  1853  IW  e  have  reaS  , STYLE=superscript  m.  to  know  that  the  events  which  Mr.  Flower  here  records  are  but  kportion  of  the  labours  he  has  bestowed  upon  the  early  closing  movement.  We  know  that  for  years  previous  to  the  period  he  speaks  of,  he  was  ear earnestly,  nestly, earnestly,  though  not  publicly,  engaged  in  the  work,  and  we  believe  that  his  domestic  and  social  enjoyments,  and  even  his  hours  of  rest,  frequently  give  place  to  the  work  which  he  had  adopted  as  a  duty.—En.  N.  D.  TrmEs.)"
