text
"was  evinced  I  )ants  of  bttt  it  was  speedily  checked.  There  i  on  this  it:tater,  Greenfield  v.  Sykes,  which  will  colic  on  for  hearing  at  ti  nresent  case  oe,entilvd  Court  f  _anal  MEETINGS  OF  CREDITORS  TUESDAY,  4TH  0(  Wm.  Artingstall,  joiner  and  halide]  WEDNESDAY,  i  John  Mellor,  innkeeper,  Mancheker  last  exam  or  and  draper,  Man(  IenIDAY,  7  oseph  Fowler,  provision  deah  -  examination,  silk  dyers,  Bury  DREADFUL  FIRE  IN  LON  DAY.-ENTIRE  DESTI?Z  PRINTING  OFFICE.  The  Globe  of  Mk  Friday).  Our  contempora  .1i;  one  of  the  most  .otisands  of  pounds  wort  welling-ho  Saviile  and  Edwl  Strand:  These  eat  premises  of  messrs  Chandos-street  ituated  at  the  back  of  the  Strand,  I  treet.  and  Agar-street  ;  and  it  appe  first  seen  to  be  spreading  from  thc  as  composing-rooms.  Not  a  momen  in  sending  to  the  Chandos-street  Fii  the  engineers,  with  two  powerful  en  were  &amp;n  the  By  this  time  had  opened  the  water-mains,  and  t  work  by  the  police  and  bystanders  .  equal  io  what  was  required,  and  spe(  illuminated  for  miles  round  the  meta  about  ten  other  engines  from  the  other  der  the  directioir'  of  Superintendent  I  Calf,  the  foreman  of  the  B.  district.  wi  dent  I  gland,  under  Mr.  Con  , STYLE=superscript  ctors  I  positions,  torrents  of  1'  but  for  nearly  an  h  street,  Bc  ,d  tdwaids  w  •d-street,  and  Harvey  Meanwhile  the  engines  were  kept  in  f  o'clock,  the  hope  was  realised  of  Quantity  of  the  Literary  Gc  the  United  Service  Gaz  tie,  and  se%  of  embloyment  about  at,  by  seven  o'clock  all  furth(  melancholy  scene  presented  itself  of  inhabitants  residing  near  the  print  whom  are  insured.  The  backs  of  the  houses  of  Hare  sad  spectacles,  not  .a  window-fran  and  in  Chandos-street,  the  like  loss  :ustained  by  Mr.  Diller,  writing-(  Mr.  Howard,  - STYLE=superscript  di  ,  mercers  ;  all  of  Mr.  Sanders,  tailor  ;  Mr.  Davenport,  Mr.  Sandison,  carpenter  ;  Mrs.  Fivey,  1  dinin  but  not  to  the  extent  As  tothe  in  of  the  fire,  or  insura  possibly  be  obtained.  The  printers  In  night,  such  was  the  pressure  of  their  the  least  idea  of  how  or  by  what  means  none  of  them  could  afford  - STYLE=superscript  the  least  infoi  is,  it  is  believed,  insured.  Every  praise  is  due  to  the  constabula  who  would  allow  no  persons  in  any  firemen  in  their  very  arduous  duties.  is  Mr.  Braidwood"
