text
"1111iNICIPAL  . STYLE=superscript  ELECTION.  PITT-STREET  - STYLE=superscript  WARR—MEETING  - STYLE=superscript  LAST  NIGHT.  A  meeting  of  the  friends  and  :Supporters  of  Mr.  Mann  .was.heftat  the  Vine  Tavern,  Pitt-street;  last  night,  ,for  the  purpose  of  affording  that  gentleman  an  pportunity  of  returning  thanks-  in  person  his  election'  to  the  'council.  The  meeting  was  numerously  attended.  Among  these  pre-  .  sent  were  Messrs.  John  Rimmer,  W.  P.  Jeffreys,  Charles  Callis,  John  Rigby,  Edward  Rimmer,  Joseph  Gardner,  Joseph  Deacon,.  John  Murray,  - STYLE=superscript  Charlei  Watson,  Joseph  Gregory,  J.  Southward,  Robert  Williams,  Jennings,  F.  Stanley,  John  Millen;  &amp;c.  &amp;c.  Mr.  JOHN  'REAMER  preSided,  and  Mr.  CHARLES  CALLIS  as  Vice-President.  Mr.,  Mann,  on  entering,  was  received  - STYLE=superscript  With  - STYLE=superscript  lend  and  pro prolonged  longed prolonged  cheering.  •  •  -  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  last  time  he  had  the  pleasure  of  addressing  the  electors  in-that  room  was  upon  the  eve  of  the  election.  At-that  time  the  battle,  although  they  were  cer certain  tain certain  of  the  issue,  was  not  •yet  fought—the  'victory,  although  sure,  was  not  yet  won.  By  their:help  the  battle  was  nobly  fought,  and  by  their  exertions  the  victory  was  won.  (Cheers.)  The  result  was  that  Mr.  Mann  was  placed  at  the  head  of  the  poll  by  a  majority  of  52.  (Cheers.)  Before  Mr.  Mann  rose  to  thank  them  personally  for  the  honour  'they  had'done  him,  they  should  allow  him  (the  Chairman)  to  thank  them  for  the  'cOufrdence  they  had  placed  in-  Mr.  Callis,  Mr:  Rigby,  and  himself,  and-  for  having.responded  to  their  call  - STYLE=superscript  and  exerted  themselves  upon  Mr.  Mann's  behalf.  The  electors  had  taken  Mr.  Mann  upon:their  word,  and  lilaced  him  in  the  position  he  now  Occupied,  and  from  what  he  knew  of  Mr.  Mann  he  felt  •  certain  that  the  confidence  which  had  been  placed  in  their  representative  would  be  fully  carried  out,  and  that  the  ward  would  have  in  him  a  most  efficient  represen representative.  tative. representative.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  Since  Mr.  'Mann  was  proposed  as  a  candidate  for  that  ward  he  (the  Chairman)  had  been  frequently  on  'Change,  and  had  been  CompliMented  right,  and  left  on  having  made  a  most  felicitous  •  choice,  and  persons  far  and  wide  all  over  the  town  expressed  hopes  that  they  would  be  successful  the  issue.  ((Meets.)  The,  re result  sult result  had  given  satisfaction,  not  only  to  the  majority  Of  the  ward,  but  to  the  town  in  general.  -  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Chairman  concluded.  by  introducing  Mr.  Mann,  amid  loud  cheers.  .  .  •  Mr.  MANN  rose,  and  was  received  with  renewed  applause  He  said,  ,  Mr.  Chairman,  -  and  gentlemen,'  a  -newspaper  was  just  now  put  into  my  hands,  wherein  I  might  see  what  had  taken  place  in  the  neighbourhood  on  Saturday  night  laSt,T,  and,  amongst  the  rest,  I  see  it  states  that  some  person  in  the  crowd  cried  Where  is  your  Mann  '  And  - STYLE=superscript  I  think,  sir,  that  was  a  very  proper  question  ;  but  wherever  he'  was  then,  or  wherever  he  ought  to  have  been,  he  is  here  now.  (Cheers.)  Gentlemen,  1  think  I  ought,  in  the  first  plaCe,  to,  give  some  explanation  of  the  reason  why  I  was  not  there.  The  requisition,  which  was  so  kindly  sent  to  me,  and;  which  I  -at  once,  from  the  manner  in  which  it  was  sent,  aecepted,  was  followed  so  closely  by  the  election',  that  I  was  .  prevented  fronvappearing  before  you  prior  to  the  ,election.  -  But,  8111,  it  was  not  -  any  private  business  of  -my  own  which  was  the  cause  ;  I  was  at  the  time  in  the  service  of  the  ,public.  (Cheers.)  *Being  one  of  the  Pilot-  Committee  of  LiVerpopl,  I  was  one  of  the  number  deputed  to  proCeed  to  London  to  see  the  President  of  the  Board  of  Trade,  to  endeavour,  if  possible,  to  maintain  in  that  establishment,  what  I  am  anxious  to  see  maintained  in  every  -establishment  connected  .  with  the  town.of  Liverpool,  as  much  as  possible;  our  own  local  government.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  .  But,  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  now  that  I  have  toproceed  a  Step:  farther,  I  assure  you  I  feel  quite.  overwhelmed,  because  I  do  believe  that  Since  the  passing  of  the  Municipal  Reform  Act,  there  never  has  - STYLE=superscript  been  any  election  which  has  taken  place  in  anfward  of  this  town,  which  is,  or  at  least  ought  to  be  more  gratifying  to  the  elected  than  this  election  to  me..  -  (Hear,  hear.)  .  Gentlemen,.  I  arncomparatively  a  stranger  among  you,  and  yet  rrepu-  .  diatethe  word.  (Hear,  hear.).  I  was  born  in  Liverpool,  I.  was  educated  in  Liverpool,  .  I  have  never  been  out  of  Liverpool,  excepting  perhaps  a  few  weeks  at  once  ;  but,  moreover,  sir,-  I  have  served  my  time  in  this  ward.  (Cheers.)  And  not.a  common  service  either,  for  I  will  venture  to  say  that,  with  few  exceptions;  I  passed  from  nine  o'clock  in  the  morning  until  nine  o'clock  at  night-for'  ten  years  within  a  few  hundred  yards  of  where  I  now  stand.  But,  sir,  it  is  my  misfortune,  and  it  is  the-  misfortune  of  many  men  who  get  grey  ,hairs  upon  -their  heads,  to  be  a  stranger  to  the  present:  generation:  Sir;  you  may  think  it  hardly  possible,  because  I.cannot  lay  claim  the  veneration  - STYLE=superscript  of  age  as  yet,,  but  I  am-the  oldest-  man  living  who  was  in  'the  counting countinghouse,  house, countinghouse,  where  .I  served  my  time  3  and,  sir,  -  it'  is  with  some  .  little  feeling  I  assure  you  that  I  have  come  into  this  Ward  and  gone  around  the  neighbourhood,  to  miss  the  - STYLE=superscript  many  old  faces  and  many  old  names  which  then  resided  in  it.  But,'  six-,..whether  absent  or  present,  a  stranger  or  an  itinerate,  I  am  now  your  representative,  and  I  assure•  you  it  is  i  my  -intention,  not  only  in  consequence  -of  •  `the  -  very  flattering.  'manner  in  which  I  have  been.  elected,  not  only  on  account  of  the  old  associations  connected  with  the  Ward,  but  because  in  my  conscience  I  believe  it  to  be  my  duty,  to  redeem  with  all  the  ability  which  God  has  blessed  me  with,  to  devote  rey.iolf  to  the  intoresto-Of  the  town  and  trio  Ward  no  far  ao  in  me  lies.  (Cheers.)  It  is;  perhaps,  fortunate—indeed  it  is  certainly:  fortunate,  that  at  this  moment  there  is  peace  in  the  land.  (Hear,  hear.)  Ido  not  think  that  we  hive  one  .agitating  question  at.  present  in  this  town,  and  I  think  it  extremely  fortunate  at  this  moment,  because  'there  is  a  necessity  and  there  is  an  inclination  to  do  what  can  be  done  for  the  improvement  of  the  town.  (Hear,  hear.)  At  this  time  the  less  we  have  to  do  with  any  agitation  questions  'or  party  politics  the  better:  (Hear,  hear.)  '  Now,  I  believe,  and  I  can.  easily  understand;  that  the  electors  . STYLE=superscript  and  the  inha inhabitants  bitants inhabitants  of  Pitt-street  Ward  feel  a  considerable  interest  with  regard  to  the  improvement  'of  the  town.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  has  happened  a  little  fortunately  that  having  been:  for formerly  merly formerly  a  representative  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  North  -  Totteth  '  Ward,  there  were  certain  improvements  in  which  I  then  took  considerable  interest,  and  if  I  am  not  mistaken,  they  are  the  very  same  iinprovethents  whieh  .  interested  the  inhabitants  of  this  ward  at  the  time  ;  I  allude  to  the  Opening  of  Park-lane.  (General  cries  of  When  I  took  an  interest  in  that.  queStion  at  the  time  I  allude  to,  it  was.  not  because  'I  thought  it  would,  improve  Pitt-street  ward  alone';  it  was  'not  exclusively  because  it  would  benefit  the  mirth  Toxteth-park  ward,  but  it  was  because  I  believed  that  without  such  au  im improvement  provement improvement  to  Park4ane,  the  whole  south  etid  of  Liverpool'  would,  to.a  great  extent,  be  cut  off  from.the  town.  (Hear,  -  hear.)  In  thy  opinion,  the  inhabitants  of  Toxteth  ward  would  benefit  principally  by  any  opening  there  now,  and  therefore,.  notwithstanding  that  it  would  be  an  'improvement,  and  a  most  important  improvement,  to  Pitt-street  ward,  yet  it  is  such  =improvement  that,  in  my  judgment,  every  one  Who  resides  to  the  southward'  of  the  custom-house  is  equally  interested  in  the  'question:  `(Hear,  hear.)  .  The  next  :point  to  which  I  would  allude  is  one  of  a  local  character.—the  Cleieland-square  -market.  .(Hear,-  hear.)  I  '  think  the  Cleiteland-square  market  is  a  disgrace  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  town.  (Cries  -of  and  cheers.)  It  think  it  only  re requires  quires requires  to  be  pressed  .  Upon-  the  .  notice  of  the  town  council  to  obtain,some.improvement  ;  and  I  feet  sure  'that  your  'repre 'representative,  sentative, 'representative,  Mr.  Jeffreys,  understanding,as  well  as  - STYLE=superscript  he  must  the  position,of  the  market-generally  with  regard  to  the  laying  of  it  out,  and  the  stoppage-of  the  streets,  with  -  his  local  know knowledge,  ledge, knowledge,  and.  any  assistance  I  can  'afford  him,  I  do  hope  effect  some  improvement  there.  (Hear,  hear.)  You  will  perceive,  gentlemen,  that  I  am  a  very  poor  speaker.  (No;no.)  But  the  great  difficulty  to  me  is  whenever  I  have  anything  to  say  ofinyself.  However,  I  beg  to  assure  you  that  in  en  r  deavouring  to  carry  out  to  the  best  of  ,  my  ability  the  duties  of  the  office  with  which  you  have  honoured  .the,  I  shall  be  exceedingly  well  'pleased  to  receive  from  time  to  time,  from  any  and  every  elector,  any  suggestion  which  they  may  think  .proper  to  make  to  me.  •  (Cheers.)  •  The  town  of  Liverpool  is  one  of  which  I  think  any  native  may  justly  feel  proud,  and,  considering  thetwO  estates  which  are-  under  the  controul  of  the  oorporation  of  -Liverpool,  namely,  the,  corporate  estate  and  tie  dock  estate,  over  which  they  'have  a  veto—estates  of  such  magnitude  as  those,  producing  an  income  of  Well  on  to  a  quairter  Of  a  million  a  - STYLE=superscript  year,  require  care  and  attention  in  the  disposal  of  -  their  funds.  (Heari'  hear.)  I  have  for  six  years;  whilst  I  was  a  representative  of  the  North  Toxteth  _ward,  done  all  that.  lay  in  my  power  to  promote  the.  welfare  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  town,.  and  to  see  to  the  expenditure  of  the  fundi,:se  that  they  might  conduce  to  the  benefit  of  'the  whole  of  the  inhabitants  of.  Liverpool,  .  and  following  out  that'  coarse,  I  will  go  into  the  .council  Aotermined  . STYLE=superscript  to  do  my  duty  to  the  best  ef  my  ability.;  and  I  may  hope  that  when  the  time  arrives  that  I  shall  have  to-give  an  account  of  my  steward=  ship  I  shall  meet  with  the  same  favours  at  your  hands  as  I  have  Met  at  my  election.  ,  (LOud  cheers.)  .  '  .  •  .  Mnj  JErFituys  addressed  the  meeting,  congratulating  them  Upon  the  result  of  the  election.'  .If  the  gentleman  of  their  choicd  was  not  known  to  the  electors;  the  gentleman  who  Opposed  him  was  known  to  them;  and  they  were  determined  not  to  have  him.  (Cheers.)  That  .  might  appear  a  poor  compliment  to,  Mr.  Mann  ;  but.  there  seemed  to,  be  an  enthu enthusiastid  siastid enthusiastid  feeling  in  his  favour  which  Would  have  carried  him  again4t  any  person  who  might  be  brought  forward.  (Cheers.)  The  observations  of  Mr.  Mann  to  - STYLE=superscript  night  pleased  him  i)amaz i)amazingly.  ingly. i)amazingly.  He  was  happy  that  his  own  humble  efforts  woitld  be  su  ported.  by  ono  so  capable  of  giving  them  support.  The  t  me  Mr.  Mann  entered  the  cotineibchamber  gave  him  au  exgellent  opportunity  of  carrying  out  the  measures  which  had  ben  spoken  of  regarding  the  improvement  of  the  town.  With  I  regard  to  - STYLE=superscript  the  - STYLE=superscript  improvement  in  Cleveland-square  market,  he  only  hOped  they  might  get  them.  - STYLE=superscript  (Laughter.)  That  subject  had  been  - STYLE=superscript  a  task  for  the  last  half  century,  but  ..  they  could  never  make  a  movelnent  in  the  ,right,  direction.  The  answer  invariably  was,  agree  among  yonrselves,  -  gen genilemei,'  ilemei,' genilemei,'  and  come  here,  and  we'll  do-what  we  can  for  But  the  re  were  - STYLE=superscript  so  many  clashing  interests  there,  that  he  begged  leave  to  tell  Mr.  Mann  that  he  would  find  it  a  very  difficult  matter  to  carry  out  the  improvement  lie  hoped  for.  Howe  ter,  if  Mr..  Mann  was  regolved  to  buckle  on  his  armour,  and  tiir  the  fight  again,  he  (Mr.  Jeffreys)  would  promise  that,  he  should  not  be  wanting.  .(Cheers.)  Mr.!CALtis  said  he  had  taken  the  liberty,  on  Saturday  night,  lof  congratulating  - STYLE=superscript  the  assemblage  upon  the  good,  feel feeling  ing feeling  prevailed  amongst  them,  for,  however  much  they  might  differ,  there  was  one  grand  thing  in  that  ward,  that  when  an  election  was  over,  no  angry  'or  unkind  feeling  ever  remained.  He  hoped  their  elections  would  always  be  carried  on  in  the  same  friendly  spirit,  and  that  differendes  of  opinion  should.ncvcr  interfere  ,  with-  private-  feelings.  -  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  With  reSpect  to  the  Cleveland-square  market,  the  members  for  that  ward  must  make  up  their  minds  that  something  should  be  done  ;  and  if  they  acted  together  for  the  general  good  of  the  ward,  they  need  not  care  what  oppo opposition  sition opposition  was  offered.  (H  ar,  hear.)  If  they  were  to  have  a  market  there,  they  should  at  least  have  one  which  would  be"
