text
"force,  was  appointed  to  watch  the  .rehouse  m  the  morning,  Ittention  to  the  parties  who  made  in-  nd  to  pay  particul  xess  into,  or  egress  out  ot,  .  with  a  police-co  - STYLE=superscript  listable,  saw  -  -  woman  enter  the  who,  in  about  ten  minutes  thereafter,  left  the  premises,  car carrying  rying carrying  a  bundle  with  her.  They  followed  her  to  a  house  in  Silver-street,  which  they  entered,  and,  on  enquiries  being  made,  she  threw  down  a  bag,  which  on  being  opened  was  found  to  contain  a  piece  of  wrapping.  The  account  she  gave  of  the  matter  was,  that  she  was'  in'  the  habit  of  colleeiing  refuse,  clippings,  &amp;e.,  at  the  warehouse  in  question,  and  that  the  male  prisoner,  who  knew  her,  gave  her  the  bag.  She  was  taken  by  Mr.  Moybury  to  the  man  at  the  warehouse,  and  he  admitted  that  he  had  given  her  the  bag  and  what  it.con it.contained.  tained. it.contained.  He  said  that  something  came  over  him,  and  he  cut  a  piece  off  the  wrapping,  and  gave  it  to  the  female  prisoner.  Both  parties  were  committed  to  the  sessions.  ROBBERY  OF  A  POLICEMAN'S  COAT  AND  WAISTCOAT.—  Yesterday  at  the  City  Police  Court,  a  man  of  colour,  named  John  Domingo,  was  placed  in  the  dock,  charged  with  hav-  ing  stolen  a  coat  and  waistcoat,  the  prOperty  Of  a  policeman  of  the  name  of  John  Appleby.  It  appeared  from  the  state-  meat  of  Mrs.  Appleby;iiifeof  the  prosecutor,  that  on  Tues Tuesday  day Tuesday  night,  she  heard  footsteps  in  the  lobby,  which  she  took  to  be  that  of  her  husband.  Finding  that  Mr.  Appleby  did  not  come  into  the  horse,  she  went  to  the  door,  and  saw  in  the  middle  of  the  street  the  prisoner,  having  in  his  possession  what  appeared  to  be  her  husband's  coat.  She  got  him  back  to  the  house,  with  the  assistance  of  a  neighbour  ;  but  he  very'  soon  threw  down  the  coat,  in  which  was  wrapped  up  a  waist waistcoat,  coat, waistcoat,  and  ran  off.  The  prisoner  was  pursued  by  a  young  man,  caught,  and  given  into  custody.  The  property  was  identified  by  the  prosecutor  as  his.  Committed  to  the  ses-"
