text
"THE  NORTHERN  DArLY  TIMES.  omplained  of  would  be  remedied  by  the  new  sanitary  act,  which  required,  as  a  preliminary,  that  all  new  streets  should  be  in  the  first  instance  sewered.  The  following  were  deClared  contractors  for  supplying  horses  and  carts  for  the  removal  of  the  street  sweepings  :  Thomas  Ellisson,  for  Liverp9ol  proper  ;  William  Jones,  for  Everton  ;  and  Thomas  Wolsey,  for  Toxteth-park.  A  letter  was  received  from  William  Pollock,  offering  to  purchase  the  land  between  the  offices  in  Cornwallis-street  and  the  baths.  Mr.  HODSON  thought  it  would  be  well  to  sell  the  land.  Mr.  BECKWITH  :  Mr.  Chairman,  I  wish  to  know  if  the  chairmen  of  the  different  committees  are  to  have  gowns  made  like  those  worn  by  the  mayor  and  deputy  town-clerk,  and  to  wear  them  in  committee  ?  (Laughter.)  There  is  a  report  of  that  kind  in  circulation,  and  I  wish  to  know  if  there  be  any  truth  in  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  If  there  is,  I  can  only  say  that  you  will  never  see'  me  in  any  one  of  them.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  :  I  should  not  object  to  wear  them  this  weather—the  only  thing  I  should  require  in  re return  turn return  is  that  in  the  summer  season  when  the  - STYLE=superscript  weather  gets  hot,  we  may  be  allowed  to  sit  in  our  shirt  sleeves.  (Laugh (Laughter.)  ter.) (Laughter.)  Mr.  GODFREY  :  Is  this  a  part  of  our  business—this  cloaking  ?  Mr.  BECKWITH  :  I  only  heard  that  the  report  was  in  circulation,  and  I  thought  the  best  way  was  to  put  it  to  the  chair  at  once.  (Laughter.)  The  committee  then  adjourned.  THE  SMITHFIELD  CLUB  CATTLE  SHOW  DINNER.  On  Wednesday  evening  the  annual  dinner  of  the  Smith Smithfield  field Smithfield  club  was  celebrated  at  the  Freemasons'  Tavern,  when  about  150  gentlemen  were  present.  His  Grace  the  Duke  of  RICHMOND,  the  president  of  the  club,  presided  on  the  occasion,  and  was  supported  by  Lord  Portman,  Lord  Berners,  Mr.  Pusey,  Sir  John  Shelley,  Bart.,  M.P.,  Admiral  Saumarez,  and  other  eminent  agriculturists  and  breeders.  The  noble  CHAIRMAN  having  proposed  the  health  of  her  Majesty  the  which  was  responded  to  with  enthusias enthusiastic  tic enthusiastic  applause,  said  the  next  toast  he  had  to  propose,  was  health  of  his  Royal  Highness  Prince  In  doing  so,  he  begged  to  say  that  he  had,  as  president  of  the  club,  written  to  her  Majesty  and  his  Royal  Highness  Prince  Albert,  inviting  them  to  visit  thorn  show,  and  the  only  reason  -‘l,  j  'Noma  not  honour  the  show  with  their  presence  this  year  was  their  absence  from  town  ;  but  both  her  Majesty  and  the  Prince  expressed  their  sympathy  and  approbation  of  the  objects  of  the  club.  He  had  the  greatest  satisfaction  in  acknowledging  his  Royal  Highness  Prince  Albert  as  a  member  of  the  Smithfield  cattle  club  ;  because  he  felt  that  his  Royal  Highness  being  so,  and  becoming  an  exhibitor  at  their  shows,  did  a  great  deal  of  good  ;  and  that,  b  y  leading  the  fashion,  his  Royal  Highness  contributed  much  to  make  agriculture  fashionable.  It  was  equally  gratifying  to  find  that  his  Royal  Highness  Prince  Albert  had  this  year  carried  off  the  gold  medal  in  the  pig  classes.  (Hear,  hear).  It  was  to  be  hoped  that  the  Prince  of  Wales  would  follow  in  the  footsteps  of  his  sire.  (Cheers).  The  toast  was  drunk  with  great  applause.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  proposed,  Success  to  the  Smith Smithfield  field Smithfield  Cattle  He  said  he  believed  that  every  indivi individual  dual individual  then  present  was  aware  that  the  great  object  of  the  Smithfield  club  was  to  improve  the  breed  of  cattle,  stock,  and  pigs.  It  was  not  to  produce  the  monster  animals  that  they  saw  from  the  county  of  Buckingham,  but  to  produce  wholesome  and  cheap  food  for  the  consumers  of  this  coun country.  try. country.  He  (the  noble  duke)  was  instructed  by  the  judges  to  say  the  show  of  this  year  was  on  the  whole  better  than  an  average  one,  more  especially  the  sheep  and  cattle  classes,  and  that  the  show  was  a  credit  to  the  exhibitors  of  this  Country.  There  were  many  very  superior  animals  in  the  show  this  year.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (the  noble  chairman)  hoped  that  there  would  be  no  rivalry,  either  between  them  and  the  Birmingham  and  Yorkshire  clubs,  except  that  honest  emulation  which  was  to  try  and  do  the  best  they  could  for  the  agricultural  interest  and  the  consumers  at  large.  It  was  to  the  Smithfield  club  that  . STYLE=superscript  the  credit  was  due  of  set setting  ting setting  the  example  to  all  other  parts  of  the  country,  and  he  thought,  therefore,  he  was  justified  in  saying  that  he  thought  they  had  done  great  good.  He  would  therefore  give  them  Prosperity  to  the  Smithfield  and  may  others  follow  its  example.  (Loud  cheers,  amidst  which  the  toast  was  done  honor  to.)  The  awards  of  the  judges  were  here  read  and  the  prizes  distributed  to  the  successful  competitors  ;  after  which  the  health  of  Mr.  Richard  Strattan,  as  the  winner  of  the  gold  medal  and  most  successful  in  the  cattle  classes,  was  drunk  and  responded  to.  Lord  BERNERS  then  proposed  Health  of  the  Pre President,  sident, President,  his  Grace  the  Duke.of  who  acknowledged  the  compliment.  The  health  of  Prince  Albert,  as  the  winner  of  the  gold  medal  in  the  pig  classes,  having  been  given,  The  CHAIRMAN  gave  The  unsuccessful  which  toast  was  responded  to  by  Sir  John  Shelley,  M.P.  iOlo  reply  the  toast  t  o STYLE=superscript  n  f STYLE=superscript  n  e  r  crf  The  o  kitnitjtm  to  support  not  so  much  the  beginning  as  the  end  of  farming,  by  bringing  the  best  of  food  to  market  at  the  cheapest  rate.  Lord  BERNERS,  in  reply  for  the  toast  of  Vice-  alluded  to  the  advantages  which  the  royal  agricultural  society  of  England  were.  to  the  graziers  and.  breeders,  and  related  a  case  of  his  own,  where  he  was  con continually  tinually continually  losing  valuable  animals  by  disease,  until,  under  a  rule  of  the  royal  agricultural  society  of  England,  he  made  application  for  a  professor  from  the  royal  veterinary  college,  which  they  supplied  gratuitously,  and  Ader  the  advice  of  Professor  Symonds,  39  valuable  beasts  were  saved.  It  should  be  known  to  all,  that  upon  application  to  the  royal  agricultural  society,  they  gave  this  service  gratuitously.  (Cheers.)  The  CHAIRMAN  proposed  The  royal  agricultural  society  of  England,  coupled  with  the  health  of  Mr.  Philip  Pusey,  its  Mr.  PUSHY,  in  responding,  said  he  believed  that  that  society  now  represented  something  like  5,000  of  the  tenant  farmers  of  England,  and  that  it  had  and  was  conferring  a  national  benefit.  They  had  heard  much  of  the  drainage  of  Holland,  but  in  Lincolnshire  no  less  than  600,000  acres  had,  by  means  of  species  of  canals,  been  rescued  from  the  sea,  and  were  now  in  a  forward  state  of  cultivation.  (Cheers.)  The  health  of  the  judges,  the  stewards,  Mr.  Brandeth  Gibbs  (the  secretary,)  and  other  toasts  having  been  disposed  of,  the  company  separated.  Large  as  the  attendance  at  the  show  at  the  Baker-street  bazaar  was  on  Tuesday,  the  numbers  next  day  nearly  doubled  them.  The  only  sale  of  any  importance  effected  throughout  the  day  was  that  of  Prince  Albert's  pen  of  pigs,  which  obtained  the  gold  medal,  and  they  found  a  purchaser  in  Mr.  Wall,  of  Jermyn-street.  COMMON  PLEAS-LONDON.  SPORTING  CLEGG  v.  Moss.—Both  the  parties  to  this  suit  were  deseqbed  as  betting  men,  and  the  action  was  to  recover  dam.  ages  for  an  assault  committed  on  the  13th  of  October  last  in  a  public  house  kept  by  Mr.  Teesdale,  in  Newgate-market.  The  defendant  pleaded  not  guilty.  Mr.  Serjeant  Thomas  and  Mr.  Hawkins  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  O'Malley,  Q.C.,  for  the  defendant.  The  plaintiff  was  called  and  said—l  am  a  betting  man,  and  some  time  ago  I  gave  the  defendant  £1  to  lay  out  for  me  upon  Haco  for  the  Cesarewitch.  That  horse  having  won,  I  thought  it  was  all  right.  On  the  evening  of  the  13th  October  last  I  was  playing  at  cribbage  in  Mr.  Teesdale's  house,  and  the  defendant  came  in,  and  I  said,  Well,.Moss,  we  have  brought  it  off  at  He  said,  You  b----  scoundrel,  how  dare  you  make  use  of  my  Tinny.  Thie  w.s  in  rnference  to  an  order  which  I  had  giVen  upon  him  to  pay  a  man  named  Scales  £1  10s.  I  said  I  have  not  made  use  of  your  name,  for  you  owe  me  £35  or  £4O  on  Haco.  He  with  his  fist  knneked  me  right  over  out  of  my  chair,•  cut  my  lip,  and  knocked  two  of  my  artificial  teeth  out—(a  laugh)—and  when  I  got  up  he  struck  me  again.  Cros;-examined.—l  have  had  a  betting-office  on  Snow-hill,  and  I  shut  it  up  because  I  lost  more  than  1  could  pay.  I  have  paid  all  I  could,  and  1  pay  now  regularly.  I  can  afford  it.  I  have  been  in  trouble.  I  will  tell  you  all  about  it.  Well,  gentlemen,  I  was  in  trouble  for  bigamy.  I  left  my  first  wife  for  adultery,  and  took  another  for  virtue,  and.  had  twelve  months  for  it,  and  I  should  not  mind  having  twelve  months  more  for  another  wife  like  her.  (Laughter.)  The  betting-'office  was  in  the  name  of  Newby,  Clegg  and  Co.  Newby  was  anybody  you  like—he  was  nobody;  and  the  Co.  was  nobody  also.  (A  laugh.)  I  remember  the  Oaks  of  1853.  I  received  £4  upon  the  race  —very  likely  £l4,  or  £34,  but  not  £4OO.  I  have  paid:  everybody  except  a  person  named  Benbow.  I  gave  him  my  address  upon  the  course,  but  by  mistake•l  wrote  Richmond-terrace,  instead  of  .Richmond-street,.  Southwark.  The  gentleman  who  lived  at  the  terrace  told  me  that  Beribow  had  been  there,  and  I  told  him  to  tell-him  where  I  was  - STYLE=superscript  to•  be  found.  I  have  never  paid  Benbow  because  I  have  not  seen  him,  and  I  will  pay  him  when  I  see  him.  It  was  sworn  by  the  party  playing  at  cribbage  at  the  time  with  Clegg  that  plaintiff  and  defendant  had  a  wrestle  for  the  A  juror  was  wi  hdrawn  by  consent.  VAST  BUSINESS.—The  central  railroad,  New  York,  has  over  twenty-six  miles  of  freight  cars  in  use.  Yet  even  this  does  not  accommodate  the  vast  business  that  offers  itself,  and  new  cars  are  constantly  in  progress.  FAMINE  IN  CHINA.  —To  the  horrors  of  a  civil  war  now  devastating  China  have  been  added  those  of  a  terrible  fa famine  mine famine  which  prevails  in  some  provinces.  The  Imperial  Pekin  Gazette,  a  paper  which  in  this  case  would  rather  conceal  than  exaggerate  truth,  states  that  in  the  province  of  Shantung  the  .  corpses  literally  strew  the  fields.  INCOME  TAX  AND  WAGES.—In  reply  to  a  letter  from  the  compositors  of  the  Globe  newspaper  to  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  inquiring  whether  they  are  not  exempt  under  the  £lOO  clause  of  the  income  tax,  inasmuch  as  they  have  only  '  weekly  wages,  which  may  be  suddenly  withdrawn,  the  right  hon.  gentleman  answers  through  his  secre secretary  tary secretary  The  principal  point  wherein  you  appear  to  think  your  case  distinguishable  from  others,  is  that  your  employ employment  ment employment  is  not  certainly  continuous  for,  a  year.  Upon  this  it  may  be  observed  that  if  there  has  been  any  actual  inter intermission  mission intermission  of  employment,  so  as  to  reduce  in  any  particular  instance  a  man's  receipts  below  £lOO  per  annum  upon  an  average  of  three  years,  he  is  in  that  case  undoubtedly  entitled  to  claim  SOUTH  LANCASHIRE  WINTER  ASSIZES.  CROWN  COURT;  (Before  Mr.  Baron  ALDERSON.)  Ilis  lordship  took  his  seat  at  nine  o'clock  MIL  FOR  TEE  MURDER  OF  A  LIVERPOOL  POLICEMAN.  Thomas  Copeland,  19,  was  indicted  for  having,  on  the  Ist  of  November,  wilfully  murdered  Richard  Sunderland,  a  member  of  the  Liverpool  police  force.  Mr.  ASPINALL  and  Mr.  BOLTON  were  counsel,  for  the  pro prosecution,  secution, prosecution,  and  Mr.  TINDAL  ATKINSON  defended  the  pri prisoner.'  soner.' prisoner.'  Mr.  ASPINALL  stated  the  case  to  the  jury,  and  having  detailed  all  the  facts,  which,  it  will  be  remembered,  arose  out  of  the  municipal  contest,  in  Vauxhall-ward,  on  the  Ist  of  November,  he  called  the  following  witnesses  :  John  Evans,  a  publican,  residing  in  Chisenhall-street,  ex examined  amined examined  by  Mr.  BOLTON.  I  remember  the  Ist  of  November.  I,  was  engaged  as  a  canvasser  at  the  election.  We  were  waiting  for  a  voter,  between  two  and  three  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  corner  of  Edgar-street.  The  prisoner  came  into  the  house,  and  asked  if  I  was  there.  I  called  out  He  then  asked  me  for  drink,  and  I  told  him  I  had  none  to  give  him,  on  which  he  seemed  angry.  In  consequence  of  what  soon  afterwards  took  place  I  went  for  arr  officer,  and  brought  one.  I  then  went  for  other  officers,  and  returned  with  two  officers.  When  we  returned  we  found  a  number  of  people  assembled  at  the  corner  of  Edgar-street,  of  whom  the  prisoner  was  one.  The  officers  began  to  disperse  them.  They  all  went  very  willingly  away  but  the  prisoner.  He  I  rather  hung  back.  After  this  we  again  went  into  the  public  house,  and  hearing  a  cry  we  came  out  again,  and  saw  the  police  running  after  the  prisoner.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  ATKINsoN  :  We  had  fine  stream streaming  ing streaming  flags  on  the  cabs  Fe  used  as  canvassers.  There  were  great  numbers  of  people  about  the  house  in  Edgar-street.  James  Kearns,  examined  by  Mr.  ASPINALL,  corroborated  the  evidence  of  the  last  witness,  and  added  that  when  Evans  asked  him  to  leave  the  house  in  Edgar-street,  he  said  he  would  break  his  b—y  The  landlady  of  the  house  then  told  him  to  leave  the  house,  and  he  also  threat threatened  ened threatened  her  telling  her  that  it  would  be  worse  for  her  if  he  did.  Witness  and  Evans  then  went  for  the  police.  William  Hanle,  a  policeman,  examined.  I  remember  the  two  last  witnesses  coming  to  me,  and  wiphed  me  to  come  with  them  to  Shaw's  public  house,  at  the  corner  of  Edgar-street.  I  went,  and  found  a  number  of  people  stand standing  ing standing  at  the  door.  The  prisoner  was  one  of  them.  I  asked  '  the  people  to  go  away'.  Some  one  said  they  would  not  go.  I  said,  you  will  all  ° STYLE=superscript  have  to  remove  from  on  which  the  prisoner  replied,  &#34;we'll  not  move  until  we  get  half  a  gallon  of  ale;  we  won't  let  the  b---y  car  A  car  was  standing  at  the  door  at  the  time.  The  deceased  came  up  at  that  moment,  and  after  him  two  others  named  Walsh  and  Bury.  We  then  removed  the  crowd  towards  Scotland-road,  and  the  car  went  up  Edgar-street.  The  prisoner  Vent  with  the  crowd.  At  the  corner  of  Cavendish-street  the  prisoner  and  constable  Walsh  had  some  words.  Walsh  then  pushed  the  prisoner  on  with  his  hand  to  make  him  go  forward.  He  refused  to  go,  and  I  then  saw  Walsh  reach  at  him,  and  the  prisoner  turned  round  and  struck  at  Walsh.  The  prisoner  then  ran  up  Cavendish-street,  and  Walsh  ran  after  him,  ac accompanied  companied accompanied  by  the  deceased.  I  saw  the  prisoner  run  up  a  court  in  Cavendish-street..  Walsh  followed  him  into  the  court,  and  in  a  few  moments  he  came  out  again  in  the  cus custody  tody custody  of  Walsh.  The  deceased  was  lying  on  his  side,  bleed bleeding,  ing, bleeding,  and  died  in  a  few  minutes.  I  then  put  the  handcuffs  on  the  prisoner.  Patrick  Walsh,  was  next  examined  by  Mr.  Aspinall,  and  detailed  the  circumstances  as  spoken  to  by  the  last  witness.  He  added--Whenhe  ran  up  the  entry  into  Cavendish-street,  he  went  into  the  house  in  which  he  lived.  He  ran  up  stairs,  but  before  doing  so  he  had  to  pass  through  a  room  in  which  there  was  a  table.  Inspector  Thornton  was  with  me.  While  we  were  struggling  with  the  prisoner,  deceased  was  at  the  door.  I  called  him  in  to  help  us,  and  together  we  got  the  prisoner  into  the  court.  He  would  not  walk.  We  put  him  on  his  legs  in  the  court  and  asked  him  to  go  quietly.  He  struggled  coming  down  the  court.  We  took  him  into  Cavendish-street.  I  had  hold  of  him  on  his  left  side.  I  told  his  brother  we  were  going  to  take  him  to  bride bridewell  well bridewell  for  assaulting  me.  The  deceased  took  hold  of  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  on  the  right  side.  The  entry  through  which  we  had  to  take  him  into  the  street  was  a  very  narrow  one,  not  more  than  two  feet  wide.  We  had  to  put  him  before  us.  There  was  no-one  before  us  in  the  entry  besides  the  prisoner.  As  soon  as  we  got  to  the  mouth  of  the  entry  the  deceaSed  let  go  his  hold,  and  somebody  called  out,  man  is  I  don't  know  who  it  was.  I  then  looked  at  Sunderland,  and  perceived  he  had  a  wound  on  his  left  thigh.  He  was  bleeding.  He  walked  a  few  yards,  and  then  laid  down.  I  waved  my  hand  for  some  other  officers,  and  we  took  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  to  bridewell.  Inspector  TuoitrrroN,  of  the  scavenging  force,  who  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  the  last  witness,  corroborated  his  evidence,  and  added,  that  in  coming  out  of  the  entry  the  prisoner's  bro brother  ther brother  and  witness  were  behind  them,  about  a  yard  and  a  half  distant.  When  they  got  to  the  mouth  of  the  entry  he  heard  the  exclamation,  and  saw  blood  rushing  from  the  bottom  of  deceased's  trowsers,  and  he  was  shakinz.  Wit Witness  ness Witness  Well  übueu  up  to  ma  prisoner  and  t  o  ok  him  t  o  bride bridewell.  well. bridewell.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  ATKINSON  :  We  had  a  con continuous  tinuous continuous  struggle  with  the  prisoner  from  the  time  by  was  on  the  stairs  in  the  house,  until  we  got  to  the  bottom  of  the  entry.  Police-officer  James  Burns  said  he  saw  the  parties  come  out  of  the  entry,.accompanied  by  the  prisoner  and  the  officer  Walsh,  He  saw  deceased  stagger  and  fall.  He  took  him  to  the  infirmary,  where  he  died  a  few  minutes  after  arrival..  Ann  Houghton,  residing  in  No.  8  court,  Cavendish Cavendishstreet,  street, Cavendishstreet,  was  next  examined.  The  prisoner  resides  in  that  court.  Our  front  door  opens  into  Cavendish-street.  On  the  afternoon  of  the  Ist  of.  November,  I  saw  the  prisoner  run  up  the  court  followed  by  the  police.  He  cried  out  you  b—r  if  you  follow  me  I'll  croak  In  consequence  of  that  I  ran  to  the  back  door  of  my  house  and  opened  ,it.  I  heard  the  prisoner  in  the  house  having  loud  words  with  his  brother.  The  officer  then  came  and  Stool  at  the  door,  and  the  prisoner  said  Jesus.  Christ  I'll  rip  you  up  with  this.  I  did  not  see  the  prisoner  again  until  they  were  bringing  him  out  at  the  door.  When  they  got  into  the  street  fagain  saw  the  prisoner..  He  had  a  knife  in  his  right  hand,  which  he  threw  over  his  left  shoulder.  I  saw  the  knife  picked  up  by  Thomas  Clusham.  He  gave  it  to  Thomas  Kilcoyne.  Kilcoyne  lived  in  the  court  at  the  time.  He  has  left  the  neighbourhood  now.  At  that  momant  I  saw  the  deceased  struggling.  Cross-examined  :  I  did  not  go  before  the  magistrates.  I  was  not  capable  of  doing  so.  This  is  the  first  time  that  I  have  given  information.  L  gave  information  first  on  Tues Tuesday  day Tuesday  evening  last.  An  officer  came  to  me.  -  By  the  JUDGE  :  Did  you  go  before  the  grand  jury  ?  I  did  not.  Why  did  you  not  go  before  the  grand  jury  ?  I  can't  say.  The  JUDGE  :  The  bill  was  only  found  yesterday,  and  the  name  of  the  witness  is  not  on  the  back  of  it.  Mr.  ATKINSON  :  There  is  the  difficulty  under  which  I  am  laboring.in  cross-examination.  Mr.  ASPINALL  :  The  gentleman  who  conducts  the  prose prosecution  cution prosecution  was  not  aware  of  it  until  yesterday.  It  is  not  his  fault.  Mr.  AnuNsorr:  That  does  not  lessen  the  hardship  on  me.  It  has  come  upon  me  altogether  by  surprise.  ;Cross-examination  continued:  The  oificer  - STYLE=superscript  made  a  short  stop  at  the  door  of  the  prisoner's  Ause,  and  then  walked  in.  It  was  about  four  minutes  before  they  came  out.  Mary  Ann.  York,  a  little  girl,  .eiiht  years  of  age,  living  with  her  uncle  and  aunt,  up  stairs,  in  the  same  house  with  the,  prisoner,  was  next  examined.  Before  the  examination  proceeded,  his  lordship  questioned  the  witness  as  .to  her  knowledge  of  the  Deity,  and  the  nature  of  an  oath.  Having  asked  her  several  questions,  his  lordship  himself,  in  a  very  impressive  manner,  administered  the  oath.  'Clio  witness  then  said—On  the  afternoon  of  the  first  of  November  I  was  on  the  stairs.  I  saw  the  prisoner  run  into  the•house,  and  come  through  the  room,  and  run  up  stairs.  He  took  a  white  handled  knife  off  the  table  as  he  passed  through  the  room.  [A  knife  was  here  produced,  which  the  witness  identified  as  the  ono  which  the  prisoner  had  taken  off  the  table.]  Whilst  he  was  on  the  stairs  he  held  the  knife  in  his  hand  all  the  time.  I  saw  the  police  come  in  and  get  hold  of  the  prisoner,  and  then  I  ran  down  'stairs,  and  out  into  the  street.  I  saw  the  prisoner  stab  the  police policeman  man policeman  in  the  street  with  d  knife.  After  he  stabbed  the  de deceased  ceased deceased  he  threw  the  knife  into  the  street.  •  Ann  Turner,  a  girl  apparently  about  twelve  years  of  age,  residing  with  her  mother  in  No.  •  8  court,  in  Cavendish Cavendishstreet,  street, Cavendishstreet,  said—When  the  policemen  were  coming  with  the  prisoner  out  of  the  court,  I  saw  him  put  his  right  hand  into  his  pocket,  and  draw  out  a  knife.  He  turned  it  from  his  right  liaud  into  his  left  hand.  He  then  gave  the  policeman  a  back-handed  stab  in  the  side.  The  deceased  was  on  the  left  side  of  the  prisoner.  I  saw  the  deceased  fall.  Elizabeth  Atkinson,  the  wife  of  Thomas  Atkinson,  painter,  residing  in  the  country,  examined—l  happened  to  be  in  Cavendish-street,  on  the  afternoon  of  the  first  of  November,  when  the  policemen  were  bringing  the  prisoner  down  the  entry.  When  they  got  to  the  mouth  of  the  entry,  I  saw  the  prisoner  put  his  hand  into  his  pocket,  and  make  a  back  handed  blow  at  the  deceased.  The  deceased  then  fell.  Sarah  Walters,  the  wife  of  a  police-officer,  deposed  to  seeing  the  prisoner  throw  a  knife  over  his  shoulder,  and  the  deceased  fall  at  the  same  time.  Inspector  Williams  deposed  to  going  to  the  prisoner's  house  in  the  afternoon,  after  the  murder,  and  seeing  the  sis sister  ter sister  of  the  prisoner  washing  a  knife.  It  was  wet.  The  knife  produced  is  the  same.  Mr.  James  Soniers,  house-surgeon  to  the  St.  Anne's  Dis Dispensary,  pensary, Dispensary,  spoke  to  the  serious  nature  of  the  wounds,  which  necessarily  caused  almost  instant  death,  the  femoral  artery  having  been  divided.  This  closed  the  case  for  the  Prosecution,  and  after  a  con conversation  versation conversation  between  his  lordship  and  the  learned  counsel  for  the  prisoner  on  the  legal  bearings  of  the  case,  Mr.  TINDAL  ATKINSON  proceeded  to  address  the  jury  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner.  He  urged  with  great  force  that  the  prisoner  had  been  greatly  provoked  by  the  police-officers,  and  contended  that  they  had  no  legal  right  to  take  him  into  custody.  The  unfortunate  act  which  theprisoner  ultimately  committed  was  the  result  of  the  excessive  violence  of  the  police-officer  Walsh,  who  inflicted  several  blows  upon  him  with  his  stick,  simply  because  he-would  not  walk  along  the  street  at  the  speed  the  officer  desired  him  to  do.  ,This,  con conduct  duct conduct  ou  the  part  of  the  'police,  induced  the  prisoner,  in  a  moment  of  excitement,  to  strike  him,  and  the  continued,  violence  pursued  towards  the  prisoner,  when  taken  into  custody,  was  the  cause  of  his  stabbing  the  deceased  in  a  moment  of  frenzy.  The  learned  counsel  concluded  by  a  powerful  and  eloquent  appeal  to  the  jury  to  acquit  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  of  the  capital  charge.  The  learned  JUDGE,  in  charginc  , STYLE=superscript  the  jury,  dwelt  at  some  length  on  the  peculiar  state  of  the  law,  as  it  bore  upon  the  case  under  consideration.  The  evidence  which  had  been  adduced  left  no  doubt  whatever  that  the  offence  had  been  committed,  and  the  only  question  was  whether  it  was  murder  or  manslaughter,  for  the  learned  counsel  for  the  prisoner  had  not  attempted  to  deny  that,  at  least,  they  must  find  a  verdict  of  manslaughter.  His  lordship  then  proceeded.  to  explain  to  the  jury  the  law  on  the  case,  referring  to  the  point  as  to  whether  the  prisoner  was  in  the  lawful  custody  of  the  police  at  the  time  the  offence  was  committed.  His  lordship  then  cited  from  the  276th  section  of  the  local  police  act,  which  he  said  must  be  regarded  as  taw  in  this  case,  although  not  the  common  law  of  the  land.  The  clause  em empowered  powered empowered  a  police-officer  of  Liverpool  to  take  any  person  into  custody  whom  he  might  consider  a  disorderly  character.  His  lordship  concluded  by  stating  to  the  jury  that  if  they  considered  the  prisoner  was  in  legal  custody,  they  must  find  a  verdict  of  murder.  The  jury  retired  for  about  an  hour,  and  on  returning  into  court,  they  found  a  verdict  of  manslaughter.  The  learned  JUDGE  then  proceeded  to  pass  sentence  on  the  prisoner.  He  said  the  jury'had  waived  the  crime  of  murder,  but  had  found  him  guilty  of  manslaughter,  which  was  a  fortunate  thing  for  him.  But  he  (the  learned  judge)  could  not  but  perceive  that  the  circumstances  surrounding  the  case  showed  that  it  was  an  exceedingly  aggravated  offence  of  that  nature,  and  that  it  was  also  accompanied  by  several  crimes  of  this  nature,  which  were  now  very  prevalent  iu  this  town.  The  use  of  the  knife  was  becoming  very  common  in  the  country,  and,  unhappily,  the  judges  were  no  longer  able  to  say  that  it  was  an  unusual  offence,  for  it  prevailed  throughout  the  united  kingdom.  In  the  prisoner's  case  the  use  of  the  knife  had  caused  the  death  of  a  fellow  creature,  and  the  prisoner  had  narrowly  escaped  being  found  guilty  of  wilful  murder.  From  the  facts  which  came  out  in  evidence,  he  (the  judge)  had  asked  the  jury  not  to  weigh  the  matter  in  the  golden.  balance,  still  he  had  no  doubt  that  they  .  must  have  had  some  difficulty  in  coming  to  the  conclusion  at  which  they  had  arrived  in  the  prisoner's  case  The  sentence  of  the  court  must  be  severe,  because  that  public  officers,  in  the  discharge  of  their  duties  should  be  protected.  Under  all  the  circumstances  of  the  case,  it  was  his  duty  to  order  that  the  prisoner  be  transported  for  life."
