text
"Rue  de  la  Pai  yriglish  or  PrepWol  _wean  victories  also  c  l  u  mf  9 STYLE=superscript  ,  B  l  Logs:  At  the  Theatre  de  la  r  f STYLE=superscript  o  'f;  was  a  triumphal  arch,  with  the  names  names  or  the—Orin  inquerors  of  Seh  o  i  very  elegant  triu  m  ph  a  l  arch  AN  w  as  an  i  mri  n'll  o  wttn  the  names  AIiTITO  ' STYLE=superscript  ,  Inkermann,”  Trakti  r  4.11,rej0,  and  other  pl  aces  at  which  the  A  1!  armies  have  won  renow  n  ,  pa  i  nt  d  on  them.  The  National  guard,  and  the  troops  of  the'  garrisj,  were,  besides,  employed,  to  add  eclat  to  the  occasion,  LI!  lining  both  sides  of  the  Boulevards,  from  the  Column  of  th  Bastille  to  the  Place  Vendome.  But  it  was  not  the  dgcol  e  l  tion  of  the  houses,  no  r  th  e  t  r  i  umphal  archts,  nor  t  v STYLE=superscript  immense  mass  of  varied  uniforms,  and  glittering  b  a  y  o  neill  sl  which  formed  the  great  feature  of  the  proceedings,-  it  1 STYLE=superscript  0  ,  the  people.  In  one  dense  crowd  they  spread  from  kt.  Place  Vendome  to  the'  Bastille  T—a  crowd  s  o  d  ense,  that,  id'  was  impossible  to  force  one's  way  th  roug  h  it.  They  fill  every  window  of  every  h  ouse;  t  h  ey  occupied  every  noel  and  cranny  from  whi  c  h  a  v  i  ew  could  be  obtained;  the  , STYLE=superscript  swarmed  on  the  very  roo  f  s  .  The  regiments  whi  c  h  were  paraded  were  the  20th,  the'  39th,  the  50th,  and  97th,  of  the  line  :  the  Chasseurs  '  Zouaves,  the  V  o  l  t  i  geurs  (two  regiments),  the  Artillerfl  I STYLE=superscript  the  Engineer  s  ,  th  e  G  renadiers  (two  regiments),  and  the:  gendarmes  of  th  e  I  mper  i  a  l  G  uard.  They  were  drawn  oP  at  about  eleven  o'clock  in  the  Place  de  la  Bastille,-  11 STYLE=superscript  in  the  very  uniforms  and  kits  with  which  they  ca  rne  from  the  C  r  i  mea  ,—  an  d  each  re  , STYLE=superscript  ;iment  with  it  s  woun  de  at  its  head..  The  Emperor,  in  the  midst  of  a  splendid  cortege'  reached  the  place  shortly  •  after  twelve.  On  the  whole  line  b  e  was  rece  i  ve  d  witt  enthusiastic  shows,  the  troops  and  National  guards  presenting  arms  the  drill  beating,  and  th  e  t  rum  p  e  t  s  soun  di  ng.  'His  Majesty  passe  d STYLE=superscript  the  troops  in  re  v  i  ew  ,  an  d  h  e  d  el  i  vered  in  a  loud  voice,  and  in  his  usual  effective  manner,  the  speech  which  has  been  transmitted  to  you  by  express.  When  he  had  concluded'  I  the  generals  who  were  in  attendance  on  him,  and  who  we  re,  a  numerous  body,  waved  their  hats,  the  other  officer°  branished  their  swords,  and  the  troops  raised  a  thundering  cry  of  Vive  l'Emp  ereur  Then  commenced  the  filing  off  of  the  troops,  amidst  the  charging  of  trumpets,  and  thumping  of  drums.  After  the  Emperor  and  his  cortege  had  passed,  came  the  pupils  o  f  the  Polytechnic  school,  and  of  the  Military  school  of  Saint  Cr''  •  who  have  thepleasureof  figuring  on  such  occasions,  And  then  r  came  the  Crimean  heroes.  Oh,  if  you  had  heard  the  immense'  shouts  Vive  la  Vivo  la  which  rent  the  air  as  the  regiments  paper!  ;  if  you  had  seen  t  h  e  people  i  at  the  windows.  wa  v  i  ng  t  h  e  i  r  ,  hats  and  handk  erchiefs,  and  clapping  their  hands;  if  you  bad  seen  the  intense  curiositi  to  get  near  the  poor  soldiers,  who  wore  their  dirty  capst  their  dingy  uniforms,  and  well-  use  d  k  napsacks,  and  wile  carried  even  the  blankets  which  formed  their  only  covering,  in  the  dismal  C  r  i  mean  winter;  if  you  had  seen  the  pride  and  exultation  which  was  manifested  at  the  sunburnt  weather  beaten  faces,  and  at  their  jaunty  devil-may-care  bearing;  if  you  had  seen  the  profound  sympathy  which  was  manifested  towards  the  wounded  —some  with  arms  lopped  off,  others  with  their  faces  bandaged,  others  with  frightful  scars;  if  you  had  seen  the  thrill  of  emotion  which  ran  through  the  crowd  at  sight  of  the  ragged  i STYLE=superscript  flags  of  the  regiments,  some  of  them  blackened  with  gua  , STYLE=superscript  `  powder,  and  some  riddled  with  balls;  if  you  had  seen  tears  streaming  down  the  cheeks'of  women,  and  glistening  in  the  eyes  of  men,  you  wo  u  ld  never  have  forgotten  it  !  The  troops  filed  off  b  e  f  ore  t  he  in  the STYLE=superscript  a  balcony  of  th  e  R  otel  of  t  h  e  was  obser  ve  d  that  her  Majesty  `)  sight  was  grand,  full  of  emotion--it  was  stddi  me,  Arrive  d  Minister  t  n  t  pi  l  i  sr  e  teesrs  P,olfa  who  c  j  e  u  wassVti  e  c  e  n  s.  d  e  o  a  m  t  el  e  dt  ,  seemed  much  affected,  and  waved  her  handkerchief  ince4santiv.  General  Canrobert  was  with  tt-  •  , STYLE=superscript  cription  To  the  C  topol  and  r  r  the  Place  de  is  13  recogn  Genera  O  .  troops,  and  on  being  )  also  were  r  t,  Blar  1  Ole  r,  and  enik  , STYLE=superscript  nel  Francis  Some  RETURN  OF  FRENCH  'J  HOOPS  FitOM  THE  CFAMEA  RECEPTION  IN  PARIS  lee  gel;  c!  ifvt  PARIS,  SATURDAY,  DEC.  inolP,_  The  solemn  en  t  ry  of  the  troops  returning  from  th,  - STYLE=superscript  )ps  °East  has  - STYLE=superscript  offered  one  of  those  stirring  spectaClO  which  France  had  not  beheld  since  the  glorious  .  days  of  the  first  empire,  and  .  which  will  leave  an  imperishable  r STYLE=superscript  emembrance  in  ',ll  hearts  of  those  who  were  its  heroes  •evie  l STYLE=superscript  an  d  spectators.  All  classes  of  the  population  took  part  ace  in  this  -patriotic  festival.  The  streets,  the  boulevards,  o  f  itand  the  open  places  through  which  the  troops  had  to  itieknarch,  and  all  the  neighbouring  streets,  were  adorned  i  on  with  significative  emblems,  and  every  story  of  the  .  0  .  5  houses  was  decked  out  with  the  national  colours  united  s  okvith  the  flags  or  England,  Turkey,  and  Sardinia,  as  if  l  a  y  to  show  that  the  Allied  soldiers  .who  have  participated  forin  the  dangers  and  the  glory  of  our  army  ought  to  have  their  share  of  the  public  gratitude.  Several  triumphal  arches  had  been  reared  along  the  line  of  the  Boulevards.  All  the  theatres  had  magnificiently  decorated  their  to  Ofronts.  At  the  entrance  of  the  Boulevard  Beaumarchais,  en  the•  Place  de  la  Bastille,  a  gigantic  triumphal  arch.  trini  t STYLE=superscript  surmounted  by  two  eagles  with  outstretched  wings  and  e  neby  a  laurel  column,  bore  this  inscription  in  large  golden  letters,  the  glory  of  the  Army  of  the  r  ;oche  upper  part  of  the  arch  there.  shown  also  p pc:ooe  c:ooe pc:ooe  name  of  Sebastopol,  and  on  each  side  thos(  tlVetories  obtained  in  the  East—Alma,  Ink  ‘BeePaktir,  Malaltoff;  - STYLE=superscript  Silistria,  Eunatoria,  v'  the  corps  which  distinguished  slabove  theni‘thu  themselves  in  this  illustrious  campaign  :  infantry  se STYLE=superscript  urs,  Zouaves,  Voltigeurs,  Greqadier-  Ens!ineers.  Aitiller  ''  loat-past  eleven  ell  th  e  troops  retuning  from  th  e  I,Le'li'llher'inieai,  the  Imperial  Gua  r  d  an  d  t  h  e  di  v  i  s  i  on  of  the  line  ~  e STYLE=superscript  l STYLE=superscript  it'ere  drawn  up  in  battle  array  on  the  Place  de  la  BastillE,  ot!'Al  nder  the  comm  an  d  o  f  hi  s  E  xcellency  Marshal  Magnan.  double  line  was  formed  along  the  whole  extent  of  the  't3,l,:lruil  eri  es  t  o  th  e  B  ast  ill  e  b  y  the  national  guard  on  the  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  s STYLE=superscript  'e  t  right,  and  by  the  infantry  of  the  army  of  the  East,  the  1  , STYLE=superscript  -  e  gnard  s  o  f  P  ar  i  s,  and  the  Sapeurs  Pompiers  on  the  left  1  5  , STYLE=superscript  :he  P  o  ly  tec  h  n  i  c  S  c  h  ool  and  the  batallion  of  Saint  Cyr  '  • STYLE=superscript  iiltrolo  nge  d  the  line  in  the  Rue  Saint  Antoine.  On  the  ,  m  is  Place  VenclOine,  the  depots  of  the  Imperia  Guard  were  ,  re  kormed  by  h  a  t  a  lli  ons  i  n  mass,  facing  the  hotel  of  the  ieto  t STYLE=superscript  plinister'of  Justic  e  .  )ol_,,e'  The  Emp  eror,  on  h  orseback,  in  the  uniform  of  alieut.-  0  1 STYLE=superscript  'eneral,  left  th  e  T  u  il  er  i  es  at  half-past  eleven,  i  n  or  d  er  to  be  l STYLE=superscript  4roceed  to  th  e  Pl  ace  d  e  la  Bastille  through  the  streets  of  ssiivoli,  Castiglione,  La  Paix,  and  the  line  of  the  !oulevards.  His  Majesty  was  accompanied  by  his  tuperial  Highness  Prince  Napoleon,  and  the  whole  of  tis  military  household.  Their  Excellencies  Marshal  the  minister  of  war,  and  Marshal  Baraguay  l'Hilliers  ;  General  Canrobert,  and  General  Niel,  the  emperor's  aides-de-camp  ;  and  several  other  generals.  0  ,  The  Imperial  cortege  was  preceded  by  the  band  and  a  imuadron  o  f  t  h  e  regiment  of  the  Guides,  commanded  by  Ed  t'polonel  Fleury.  Immediately  behind  came  a  platoon  of  'r  ,cite  Cent-Gardes,  next  the  orderly  officers  of  the  Emperor,  'atland  then  the  Emperor,  a  few  paces  in  advance  of  his  '  O/ STYLE=superscript  ll'  ,  )ri  'ant-  staff.  His  Majesty  was  received  with  one  ihimmense  peal  of  acclamation,  in  which  were  mingled  e  shouts  of  the  army  and  those  from  the  crowds  of  the  4  ,pectators.  -,  '  0  The  Emperor,  after  having  slowly  passed  along  the  P  e STYLE=superscript  °  oanks  of  the  I  n  f  antry  of  the  Line,  of  the  Imperial  Guardd,  034  the  A  rt  ill  ery,  stationed  himself  in  the  midst  of  the  solkAxopa,  formed  into  a  half  circle,  and  addressed  them  in  e  following  terms:—  oldiers,—l  come  to  mee  t  you,  as  '  formerly  the  ftll  S  •  .  itsrtoman  Senate  went  to  the  gates  of  Rome  to  meet  its  ictorious  legions.  I  comet()  tell  you  that  you  have  well  of  yolir  country.  My  emotion  is  great,  for  rriae  happiness  of  seeing  you  again  is  mingled  I  'ifith  painful  regrets  for  those  who  are  no  more,  ti  Old  with  bitter  disappointment,  that  I  was  prevented  lortioin  leading  7ou  myself  to  battle.  Soldiers  of  the  4uard,  as  i STYLE=superscript  •avell  as  soldiers  of  the  Line,  you  are  Tvelcome.  if  ti  li STYLE=superscript  7on  all  represent  that  army  of  the  East,  whose  courage  )erirond  perseyerance  have  once  more  illustrated  our  eagles  P  e STYLE=superscript  olnd  have  re-conquered  for  France  the  rank  that  is  due  to  ev  e.  ..,  rier.  Y  our  country,  attentive  to  all  that  is  passing  in  the  su  04?  ast,  rec  e  i  ves  you  with  all  the  more  pride,  because  she  r  e STYLE=superscript  bl  , STYLE=superscript  laeasures  your  d  ee  d  s  by  the  obstinate  resistance  of  the  ittnemy.  I  have  recalled  you,  notwithstanding  that  the  jar  is  n  o  t  over,  because  it  is  just  to  relieve,  in  their  t  f STYLE=superscript  it  urn,  the  r  eg  i  ments  which  have  most  suffered.  ts  very  man  Thus  will  be  abl  e  t  o  claim  his  share  'bend  of  glory,  the  co  un  t  ry,  which  keeps  1,50  a  intereSted  that  th  p  u STYLE=superscript  pan  army  of  600,000  men,  ere  should  n  ow  b  e  in  France  a  id  s STYLE=superscript  ere  army  inured  t  o  war,  and  ready  to  march  otl  e STYLE=superscript  Yhereve  r  ,  it  may  be  necessary.  Pserve,  then,  scrupu-  Ill STYLE=superscript  onsly  your  w  ar  lik  e  habits  ;  imProvere  upon  the  experience  '.  'ou  have  acquired;  hold  yourselves  in  readiness  to  (i,  .espond,  if  need  be,  to  my  call;  but  on  this  day  forget  the  tii,,lrials  of  a.  soldier's  life  ;  thank  God  for  havim,  , STYLE=superscript  spared'  , STYLE=superscript  ou,  and  march  proudly  amidst  your  brothers  in  arms  stknd  your  f  e  ll  ow  -citizens,  whose  plaudits  await  you.  tu  A  ,  1  These  no  bl  e  words,  pro  noun?.ed  with  an  energe  ti  c  ceent,  and  in  a  voice  that  was  heard  as  far  as  th  f  ertemotest  ranks,  cluse  d  a  profound  sensation  among  th  Ppldiers,  as  they  will  do  th  roug  h  out  France  Ti-  o,vere  received  with  thrice  repeated  shouts  of  0 STYLE=superscript  ;  5 STYLE=superscript  ,4  ,  Erri  ?,,  t.  His  Majesty,  followed  by  his  cortege,  return  I STYLE=superscript  ,lne  of  the  Boulevards  and  the  Rue  de  la  Pa!  It'tris  Staff  took  up  Ifs  station  on  the  Place  l  e STYLE=superscript  ,  ront  of  the  column  before  the  Hotel  of  the  Minis,.  °  ustice.  In  th  e  b  a  l  cony  of  the  hotel,  the  Empress  wa  svaiting  to  see  the  troops  file  past.  Her  Majesty  shed  e'fears  abundantly  as  she  saw  the  warriors,  fresh  from  0;  ;  °heir  hardships,  march  before  her.  The  troops  of  the  A  rmy  of  the  East  marched  from  the  r  s STYLE=superscript  of  the  Bastille,  After  the  imperial  cortege,  and  in  the  9;  all  order:—,t  division  o  f  th  e  l  i  ne,  composed  of  the  1,  oth,  50th,  and  97th  Regiments;  the  'lmperial'  Guard,  itetiomprising  a  battalion  of  Chasseurs-a-Pied,  a  regiment  of  fbetouaves,  t  wo  regiments  of  Light  Infantry,  Artillery  and  `4,:nzineers,  two  regi  ments  of  Grenadiers,  regiment  of  ', STYLE=superscript  A  e STYLE=superscript  ndarmerie.  Each  of  the  se  regiment  -1  was  headed  by  ri STYLE=superscript  .ts  band,  an  d  b  y  a  troop  of  soldiers  without  arms,  but  tb'avered  with  glorious  wounds,  which  excited  in  a  marked  tivianner  the'  patriotic  emotions  of  the  spectators.  the  Marshal  Magnan,  as  commandant  of  the  army  of  Paris,  ,tlt  eaded  the  cortege.  At  a  short  interval  behind  him,  and  r  sit  the  head  of  another  staff,  appeared  General  Caurobert,  tbeto  was  -received  throughout  the  whole  line  of  march  il'ith  the  most  enthusiastic  cheers.  These  he  repe  , STYLE=superscript  ',,jekn  owledged  in  alrery  graceful  manner,  sometim  e  s  atedly STYLE=superscript  kiss kisslog  log kisslog  his  h  an  d  &amp;  to  the  ladies,  who  waved  their  handker..  ,o STYLE=superscript  ,hiefs  from  th  e  w  i  ndows,  and  taking  off  his  general's  cap.  1 STYLE=superscript  °  ) STYLE=superscript  'he  wounded  of  every  regiment,  in  undressed  uniform,  'arched  behind  the  bands  of  their  cbrps.  The  tattered  ,13°  °lours  o  f  the  5 STYLE=superscript  0th  regiment,  which  played  a  distinguished  ,be  art  in  the  taking  of  the  Ma.lakhoff  Tower,  were  particu particurrtirly  rrtirly particurrtirly  remarked.  The  colours  of  the  97th  of  the  line  were  40  so  observed  to  be  torn.  The  &amp;naves  were  received  by  ,1  11 STYLE=superscript  e  populatio  n  w  i  th  extraordinary  enthusiasm.  These  all  9  I  nirtin.  troops,  for  the  most  p  ar  t  P  arisians,  were  recog-  .  9,  6  ised  individually  by  hundreds,  and  they  often  ran  out  of  rlj  to  ranks  t  o  em  b  race  their  friends.  The  Imperial  Guard,  c  tough  well  received,  was  less  cheered.  The  populace,  who,  thronged  the  str  ee  t,  th  e  b  oulevards,  he  0  , STYLE=superscript  id  the  windows,  raised  the  most  unthusiastic  acclanis-  Ons  as  each  of  the  regiments  passed  by.  Crowns  of  be  ,urel  were  showered  down  from  every  quarter.  The  /15  Ecers  and  soldiers  were  also  decorated  with  it  as  they  e  a  efiled  before  the  Emperor.  ,a  All  the  troops  as  they  passed  before  their  Majesties  ,  it  tut  the  air  with  the  most  animated  vivas.  The  soldiers  A.;  [  aved  their  shak  oes,  crying  °  Vive  l'Emereur!  Vice  The  comp  a  nies  of  wounded  soldiers  (who  r  cited  the  vi  v  id  sympathy  of  their  Majesties)  were  not  re  to  least  ardent  in  their  manifestations.  •  t°  After  pas4ng.  the  Emperor,  the  t  roops  continued  their  ( STYLE=superscript  arch  by  th  e  nearest  routes,  to  their  barracks.  ei  is  The  defiling  occupied  two  hours  and  a  half.  At  its  je  Inclusion,  the  Emperor  and  Empress  returned  to  tlfe  i  e  ni.leiriles,  amidst  the  liveliest  acclamations.  remarkable  fact  that  the  restaurateurs  and  f STYLE=superscript  '  ine  seallevrersYonthe  boulevards  neither  did  nor  cared  to  do  '  II STYLE=superscript  ay  business  'e  It'  to  speak  of  throughout  the  day,  The  vast  -  iu  dudes  were  so  interested  with  - STYLE=superscript  the  stirring  sight  out  it  r  do  ors  ,  that  few  interested  ifeosrt  refreshment,  and  those  who  [6 STYLE=superscript  ,  id,  were  told  in  many  that  the  kitchen  was  a  int  up,  that  all  the  Wereservantsancesat  the  windows,  an  ( STYLE=superscript  5  hat  nothing  was  to  be  had.  ~  The  entire  garrison  of  Paris,  Including  the  .  Crim  o  .O STYLE=superscript  Ps,  has  received  a  gratuity  of  2f.  wift,  e  ?galed  th.,,A—,_  ,:  Vennome,  in  •  watch  they  gtreaat  n.iinaber  of  the  .  houses  of  .  pri  rate  persons  a  , STYLE=superscript  e  A STYLE=superscript  re  t STYLE=superscript  IllU STYLE=superscript  Th  populace  mixed  with  the  soldiers,  ironged  the  boulevards  and  the  streets  as  on  the  ecasion  of  great  national  fetes.  RIAL  BY  JuRY.--The  Kin  g  of  Ilanover'ha  s  just  abol abol`~r  `~r abol`~r  political  in  his  dominions  by  lc,  on  account  of  published  writings  f  bed  trial  by  jury  ;  f  I  i  8  mere  •  .e  also  nittbdrawn  from  the  eoznlrince  of  juries.  ;  The  London  Post  says  :—On  Thursday  Count  Es'erhazy  resented  the.  Austrian  ultimatum  to  Cowrit  Nesselrode,  nil  in  a  few'  'day's  we  shall  hear  of  its  acceptance  or  lection  by  Russia.  We  fear,  however,  that  the  Czar  lay  feel  it  is  yet  impo3sible  to  accede  to  the  victorious  rms  of  an  envny  THE  1311..13E1NG  SI?  enntnt:-  , STYLE=superscript  callers  St.  Pa  co  ns  id  c  sent  bnlet  length,  d  T  01 STYLE=superscript  011  11  6  id  th  e  the  memori  a  l  s  h  o  ,  ic STYLE=superscript  ensed  V  i  ctua  l  lers,  metrop‘ditan  and  p  rov  i  nc  i  a  l  ,  unedy  the  in  to  Light STYLE=superscript  rely STYLE=superscript  ° STYLE=superscript  Pee  the  gove  rnmen  t  d  o  i  ng  al  l  i  n  their  power  to  leo  withdrevv.  nveniences  complained  of.  'The  deputation  ranmure  assured"
