text
"The  I  tprll,  NITRATE  OF  SODA  :  Although  over  1000  tons  are  sold  to  arrive,  at  183  to  18s  6d,  and  the  price  in  London  is  19s,  it  is  allowed  to  retail  here  at  17s  3d  to  17s  61  in  first  bands.  SPIRITS  or  TURPENTINE  :  American  dull  at  365;  French  was  reported  sold  at  a  considerably  lower  price.  This  is  not  the  case,  for  10  tons  sold  at  35s  6d,  ex  quay,  which  is  quite  equal  to  36s  iu  store  for  American.  A  cargo  of  180  tons  best  seconds  at  £5  ss,  also,  a  few  tons  on  the  spot  at  £5  7s  6d.  Snoxtec  continues  in  very  good  demand;  250  bags  of  middling  quality  sold  at  lls  6d,  and  300  bags  of  fine  S.D.P.'s  at  I2s  3d.  Nothing  in  other  descriptions.  LINSEED  OIL  :  Qhiet  to-day.  PALM  OIL  :  Nominally,  at  £46  to  .£47.  Rost:4  :  No  sales.  OLIVE  OIL:  5  tons  of  Mazadore  to  arrive  sold  at  £5O.  TARTARS  :  Many  more  enquiries.  DIEW3ODS  :  Nothing  returned.  LARD  :  Quiet,  at  previous  rates.  HIDES:  The  following  is  the  result  of  public  sales  of  hides  :  Liverpool,  Bth  January,  1856  :-5,045  dry  salted  hides  offered  and  sold  .  Sound,  average  28Ibs  to  36Albs,  sty  '  71d  to  74a  ;  heavy,  average  liztat,  average  151bo  to  6ilbs,  •  2ads  damp,  64ibs,  hides  offered  and  sold:  325  wet  salted  ox,  average  414-ios,  at  61d  per  lb,  tare  4lbs  ;  140  wet  salted  cow,  average  39i1bs,  at  65d,  tare  41bs  ;  33  wet  salted  damaged,  5c1.-1,200  tanned  h  If-hides  offered,  and  not  sold  ;  9d  bid.  SUGAR  :  On  the  spot  there  are  no  t►  8d  to  Bid  ;  country  damag...  411bs  to  4911b5,  at  81  to  811  at  8d  to  81:1;  Ist  damp,  at  7  rat-eaten,  bic.,  40.-498  wet  sal  I  to  7id  lotions  to  notice,  been  sold  for  the  Conti-  but  a  cargo  of  brown  Pernams  hab  nent  the  price  of  which  has  not  trarspirea.  cle  of  last  week  260  puns  Antigua  MOLASS  At  the  cli  were  sold  at  20s  6d  per  cwt  COFFEE  :  Of  the  Jamaica  offered  by  auction,  about  70  or  80  tierces  toured  buyers  at  60s  to  80s  for  fine  ordinary  to  fine  middling,  including  a  few  at  107  s  for  fine:  40  bags  of  Cerea  brought  48s  6d  per  cwt.  TEA  :  The  market  continues  rather  inactive,  now  that  the  chief  parcels  here  have  been  placed  out  of  the  last  arri arrival;  val; arrival;  common  Congou  mks  nominally  at  911:1  per  lb  without  -------  -  pressure  Jury  the  public  sales  went  off  rather  flatly,  and  at  easier  rates  for  the,  common  qualities  ;  about  700  bales  were  disposed  of  at  prices  ranging  from  £l3  per  ton  for  low  common  to  £l7  per  ton  for  medium.  LINSEED  :  300  quarters  Egyptian,  in  bulk,  are  reported  at  70s  per  qr.  LIVERPOOL  SUNDAY  SCHOOL  AND  LITERARY  INSTITUTION.  The  fourth  of  the  series  of  lectures  connected  with  this  institution,  was  delivered  last  night,  by  the  Rev.  J.  Baldwin  Brown,  M.A.,  of  London,  in  the  Con  cer  t  h  a  ll,  Lord  Nelson-street.  Th  e  attendance  was  numerous.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  Thomas  Berry  Horsfall,  Esq.,  M.P.,  and  among  the  gentlemen  present  were  Rev.  H.  S.  Brown,  Rev.  F.  Bishop,  Mr.  T.  S.  Raffles,  Mr.  W.  Crosfield,  Mr.  R.  C.  Hall,  Mr.  Houghton,  Mr.  G.  Hub Hubback,  back, Hubback,  &amp;0.,  &amp;c.  After  a  hymn  had  been  sung,  and  prayer  offered  up,  by  the  Rev.  Hugh  Stowell  Brown,  The  Chairman  addressed  the  meeting.  He  said  :  Ladies  and  gentlemen,  it  is  always  a  pleasure  to  me  to  take  the  chair  on  occasions  like  the  present,  to  listen  to  an  address  which  will  be  delivered  to  us,  intended  prim primarily  arily primarily  for  young  men,  but  extending  its  usefulness  to  others  also.  The  pleasure  is  always  enhanced  to  me,  when  I  feel  that  my  duty  is  like  yours  ;  that  of  a  listener  instead  of  a  speaker.  We  shall  be  addressed  this  even evening  ing evening  by  the  Rev.  James  Baldwin  Brown,  who  has  kindly  undertaken  to  give  a  lecture,  taking  for  the  subject.  Howard,  philanthrophy,  and  the  criminal  This.  I  need  not  tell  you,  is  a  wide  field  for  a  lecture— lecturea  a lecturea  lecture  which  the  lecturer  shall  find,  I  doubt,  not  very  easy  to  commence,  but  not  so  easy  to  bring  to  an  end.  I  need  not  remind  you,  those  at  least  who  know  any  thing  of  the  history  of  John  Howard,  that  he  was  a  true  phil philanthrophist.  anthrophist. philanthrophist.  His  great  delight  was  to  tread  in  his  masters  footsteps,  to  go  about  doing  good.  I  might,  were  it  my  privilege  or  duty  to  address  you,  enlarge  at  great  length  upon  this  subject,  as  well  as  upon  the  sub subject  ject subject  of  crime  in  England,  and  of  philanthroph  but  I  feel,  that  were  Ito  d  o  '  so,  I  shunld  do  inj  u  stice  to  the  reverend  gentleman,  who  has  to  address  us,  and  great  injustice  to  the  subject  upon  which  he  must  attempt  to  speak.  I  shall,  therefore,  only  ask  your  kind  attention  to  that  address,  which  the  Rev.  Mr.  Baldwin  Brown  is  prepared  to  deliver  to  us,  and  from  which  I  hope  we  shall  all  receive  great  edification  and  satisfaction.  (Ap (Applause).  plause). (Applause).  The  Rev.  Lecturer  then  proceeded  with  his  discourse,  and  observod  at  the  outset,  that  the  chairman  had  accurately  described  his  position,  in  remarking  th  a  t  h  e  would  find  it  easy  to  commence:the  lecture,  but  difficult  to  conclude  it.  We  must  shelter  ourselves  behind  the  same  difficulty,  in  altogether  avoiding  to  give  an  outline  of  the  lecture,  for  it  would  be  impossible,  without  los losing  ing losing  the  spirit  of  the  discourse,  and,  therefore,  marring  it,  to  re-condense  what  in  itself  was  a  vigorous  conden condensation  sation condensation  of  a  subject,  whose  limits,  from  its  connection  with  every  social  question  of  the  present  day,  it  would  be  impossible  to  define.  The  lecture  itself,  outside  its  merits  as  a  discourse  or  literary  production,  had  one  chief  merit  which  we  must  notice,  because  it  was  the  accomplishment  of  the  end  which  must  be  the  aim  of  all  lecturers—to  excite  the  emulation  of  what  is  good  .and'  noble  in  example,  as  well  as  to  instruct.  It  not  only  instructed  by  clearly  imparting  useful,  though  not  novel  information  on  an  interesting  subject,  but  when  inter interpreted  preted interpreted  in  its  spirit,  every  sentence  might  be  taken  as  inciting  his  hearers  go  and  do  imitating,  in  however  small  a  degree,  the  good  works  which  were  the  proofs  of  John  Howard's  philanthrophy.  After  tracing  the  early  years  of  Howard's  life,  the  lecturer  proceeded  to  describe  the  manner  in  which  he  spent  his  large  fortune.  Among  the  heterodox  views  which  he  entertained  on  the  subject  of  political  and  social  economy  was  this  :  he  believed  that  he  was  bound  in  duty  and  conscience  to  expend  the  amount  of  his.  annual  income  in  each  year.  The  lecturer  admitted  that  this  was  a  heterodox  view  of  economy.  but  forcibly  compelled  his  audience  to  contrast  the  faithfulness  with  which  Howard  discharged  his  duties  as  a  landowner  with  the  total  neglect  of  them  by  too  many  landed  proprietors  of  the  present  day,  by  declaring  that  when  his  audience  would  tell  him  how  many  landlords  there  were  in  England  at  present  Cyo:tiidn  crschtoarlgoilnligtinithee,  who,  instead  of  pursuing  their  game,  putting  pits  of  death  in  every  hamlet,  a  m  a  l  e  n  t  i  ,At  ngd  their  scouring  ten  a  t  i  n  l  e  t  r.  dwuetrieesloTilpgroß2rty  while  enjoying  its  rights,  be  would  tell  them  the  chance  there  was  of  the  social  regeneration  of  the  great  mass  of  our  agricultural  populatinn.  The  lecturer  then  showed  that  Howard's  was  no  Sentimental  philanthrophy.  and  was  of  that  genuine  manly  and  prac practical  tical practical  character  which  many  of  those  who  now  claimed  the  title  of  philanthrophists  might  well  imitate.'  In  alluding  to  the  'preslit  system  of  gaol  discipline,  the  lecturer  expressed  himself  opposed  to  the  system  of  solitary  confinement,  but  said  that  it  was  too  soon  yet  to  express  a  positive  opinion  on  it,  and  declared  that  we  wanted  reform  ers  more  t  h  an  reformatories.  We  should  first  strive  to  reform,  and  then  punisirovhen  punishment  was  unavoid  a  bl  e  .  Th  e  l  ecture  was  t  h  roug  h  ou  t,  an  d  at  its  conclusion,  loudly  applauded.  LONDON  GAZETTI  -0-7-  - STYLE=superscript  TUESDAY  BANKRUPTS.—MAI.OOI  , STYLE=superscript  ALT  EONALD  LAING  MEASON,  ster  Buildings  (and  not  Manchester  Buildings,  as  advertized),  City  merchant  and  commission  „gent.  War.  THDYIAs)  Cardiff,  -  Glamorganshire,  sail  maker  and  chandler.  JOSEPH  JOHNS,  Hertford,  inn innkeeper.  keeper. innkeeper.  EDWARD  LADD,  C  am  b  ridge.  h  !i  v.,-  B  NSON  and  SARAH  -  pl  ce,  hotel  and  '  Chelmsford,  Heaton  Norr  Wir.ct  ELIZABETH  treet,  Portland Portlandkeepers.  keepers. Portlandkeepers.  JoiiN  PAGE,  PLERFOINT  BROOKE.  JuDIsT  HARDMA  N  ,  titton,  Lancashire,  JOHN  ,  coach,builde  BAN  CRO  UARD;1;;;  Enw  iron  founder  VM  GARNI  riders,  an  meld,  j  builder,  Cll,lll  nufacturer.  SLORA  CII  -  .  JAME  S  CRAGOS  lianiturio  and  Wm.  EERRlNG,  uthnulticturer STYLE=superscript  Sunderland,  ‘hip  and  insurance  brokers,  and  general  Timber  merchants,  ~  commisssion  agents."
