text
"THE  MURDER  AT  BURNHAIII.  Since  the  committal  of  Moses  Hatto,  the  police  have  been  actively  engaged  in  trying  to  collect  such  evidence  as  may  bring  the  murderer  to  justice,  and  the  result  of  their  exertions  still  further  strengthen  their  suspicions  of  the  accused.  Upon  his  arrival  at  Aylesbury  Gaol  on  Tuesday  night  the  same  air  of  bravado  which  marked  his  demeanor  before  the  coroner's  jury  was  observable  ;  but  the  next  day  a  marked  change  in  his  manlier  was  observed.  On  receiving  his  breakfast  from  the  warden  on.  Satu Saturday  rday Saturday  morning,  he  muttered  the  words,  Dreadful,  very  but  gave  no  further  key  to  the  mat matter  ter matter  occupying  his  mind  at  the  moment.  His  man manner,  ner, manner,  however,  exhibits  a  gloomy  reserve,  strongly  contrasting  with  his  bearing  when  first  received  at  the  gaol.  The  police  have  searched  every  spot  on  and  about  the  premises  at  Burnham,  where  it  might  be  supposed  likely  for  the  rings,  pencil  cases,  and  ra razors  zors razors  stolen  from  the  diessing  room  in  Mr.  Good Goodwin's  win's Goodwin's  room  to  have  been  placed,  but  as  yet  they  have  not  succeeded  in  obtaining  the  missing  arti articles.  cles. articles.  They  are  now  about  to  search  the  whole  dis district,  trict, district,  with  the  assistance  of  Mr.  Goodwin's  labour labourers.  ers. labourers.  and  the  surrounding  cottagers.  The  police  complain  bitterly  of  the  conduct  of  the  surgeon's  assistant,  who  saw  the  deceased  on  the  night  of  the  tragedy.  Superintendent  Perkins,  of  Eton,  says  that  the  young  man  was  requested  by  Mr.  Goodwin  to  in inform  form inform  the  police  on  his  way  home.  He  accordingly  told  Mr.  Perkins  that  a  coroner's  inquest  would  be  held  on  the  body  of  a  woman  at  Burnham  Abbey  Farm,  and  that  he  had,  therefore,  better  send  word  to  the  coroner.  The  superintendent  asked  the  woman  died  From  re replied  plied replied  the  surgeon's  assistant,  and  then  rode  off  home.  Not  a  word  was  said  about  the  body  being  burnt,  nor  of  the  blood  in  the  passages,  the  room  and  the  walls,  or  of  the  broken  fingers,  and  dread dreadful  ful dreadful  injuries  to  the  face.  Nothing  more,  in  fact,  than  here  detailed.  Of  course,  the  police  sent  word  to  the  coroner,  but  it  was  not  until  the  close  of  the  first  day  of  the  inquest  that  they  became  aware  of  the  butchery  that  had  taken  place  There  can  be  very  little  doubt  but  that  the  police,  had  they  been  informed  of  the  true  state  of  things  on  the  night  of  the  murder,  would  at  once  have  been  on  the  track  in  time  to  get  material  evidence  against  the  assassin,  whereas  the  delay  afforded  all  the  time  necessary  to  place  such  impediments  in  the  way  as  may,  after  all,  defeat  the  ends  of  justice.  It  is  stated  that  an  additional  link  in  the  evidence  against  Hatto  has  been  supplied  by  the  discovery  of  the  missing  shirt.  Lord  Denman  has  sent  a  £lO  note  and  complimentary  letter  to  Mr.  Chapman,  of  York,  who  stopped  the  party  who  offered  for  sale  a  part  of  his  inkstand.  SITTINGS  or  THE  COUNTY  COURTS.—It  appears  that  last  year  the  number  of  days  in  which  the  County  Courts  sat  was  8,570.  IMPORTATION  OF  EGGS.—From  official  tables  just  issued  it  appears  that  last  year  the  number  of  eggs  imported  was  10,724,170,  against  7,175,076  of  the  preceding  year.  INCREASE  OF  BUSINESS  IN  THE  COUNTY  COURTS.—It  is  shown  by  a  return  just  issued  that  in  1851  there  were  441,584,  plaints  entered  in  the  County  Courts,  and  last  year  474,149,  being  an  increase  of  32,565.  MONEY  PAID  L  . STYLE=superscript  NTO  COUNTY  COURTS.—Last  year  630,3711.  was  received  to  the  credit  of  suitors  in  County  Courts,  and  630,6881.  paid  out  to  them,  being  an  increase  on  the  pre preceding  ceding preceding  year.  NEW  HOTEL  AT  THE  EUSTON  STATlON.—Preparations  are  now  being  made  by  the  directors  of  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway  for  -the  erection  of  an  additional  hotel  at  the  Huston  Station,  for  the  use  of  second  and  third  class  passengers  travelling  by  that  railway.  THE  LICENSING  SYSIEM.—At  a  large  and  influential  meeting  of  licensed  victuallers,  held  at  Birmingham  ou  Thursday  last,  it  was  resolved  to  cordially  unite  and  legally  agitate  restrictive  laws  which  operate  against  the  _  _  .  IDLENESS.—If  the  intellect  requires  to  be  provided  with  personal  objects,  what  must  it  be  with  affections  ?  Depend  upon  it  the  most  fatal  idleness  is  that  of  the  heart  ;  and  the  man  who  feels  weary  of  life  may  be  sure  that  he  does  not  love  his  fellow-creatures  as  he  ought.  Lord  Goderich  and  Mr.  James  Clay,  the  late  liberal  mem members  bers members  for  Hull,  were  last  night  entertained  at  a  public  dinner  in  that  town,  on  the  occasion  of  receiving  a  testi testimonial  monial testimonial  of  the  high  esteem  in  which  they  are  held  by  the  poorer  classes  in  the  borough.  LONDON  AND  WESTMINSTER  SUBTERRANEAN  RAILWAY.—  A  company  has  just  announced  itself,  having  for  its  ouject  the  construction  of  a  new  subterranean  line  railway  from  Leicester-square  to  the  Bricklayers'  Arms  Station  of  the  South-gastern  Railway.  It  is  'proposed  that  the  line  should  pass  unuer  th  e  mums  wun.  I.IIIgUITUIII  auu  vv  atone°  bridges,  proceeding  thence  by  way  of  the  New-cut,  St.  George's-circus,  and  the  London-road  to  the  Old  Kent  road.  THE  CAPITAL  OF  AUSTRALIA.—A  letter  (says  the  Geelong  Advertiser)  recently  received  by  a  gentleman  in  Geelong,  from  an  influential  Member  of  paihament,  states  that  in  a  conversation  with  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  on  the  subject,  of  a  petition  from  Victoria,  praying  that  the  supreme  govern government  ment government  of  the  Australias  might  be  established  in  Melbourne  ;  the  duke  informed  the  writer  that  the  position  of  Victoria,  considered  geographically,  as  well  as  on  the  score  of  revenue  and  population,  would  entitle  it  to  the  serious  attention  of  the  government.  THE  NEW  AMERICAN  THRASHING  MACHLNE.—lterelTillg'  to  the  machine  already  noticed  by  us,  Mr.  Mechi  writes  to  the  lYmes  as  follows  :  may  be  interesting  to  your  agri agricultural  cultural agricultural  readers  to  know  that  the  American  thrashing  ma machine  chine machine  is  as  efficient  for  barley  as  for  wheat.  Since  your  report  it  has  thrashed  for  me  56  quarters  of  barley,  the  actual  time  of  thrashing  being  six  hours.  Not  a  kernel  was  broken,  and  although  grown  on  poor,  heavy  land,  it  was  sold  for  455.  per  quarter  for  malting  purposes.  The  operation  was  witnessed  by  Mr.  Crosskill,  of  Beverley,  and  Mr.  Hornsby,  of  Spittle,  both  eminent  makers  of  -  agricultural  implements.  Ten  quarters  were  thrashed  in  73  minutes.  The  power  of  the  machine  outstrips  that  of  the  feeders.  By  enlarging  the  machine  and  quadrupling  the  number  of  attendants,  no  doubt  it  would,  on  extensive  farms,  thrash  easily  30  to  40  quarters  per  hour.  I  shall  shortly  try  it  with  oats  and  beans.  AIR.  W.  11.  JACKSON'S  (M.P.)  BALL  IN  QUEBEC.—Before  leaving  Quebec  on  his  return  to  England,  Mr.  W.  Jackson,  M.P.,  jointly  with  Mr.  Betts,  gave  a  grand  ball  to  the  citizens,  which  is  thus  noticed  by  the  Quebec  Chronicle  :  We  might  in  a  word  describe  the  grand  ball  of  Messrs.  Jackson  and  Betts,  to  the  citizens  of  Quebec,  which  came  off  last  night.  It  far  exceeded  any  ball,  in  numbers  and  in  excellence  of  arrangement,  ever  given  in  Quebec,  and  surely  this  is  saying  much.  There  were  positively  between  800  and  900  guests.  The  bands  of  the  66th  and  71st  Regts.,  sat  opposite  each  other  in  the  galleries  near  the  sta  g  e.  The  highest  civilians  were  intermingled  with  the  most  dignified  uulitaires.  The  supper  was  more  than  sufficient—it  was  ample.  The  rooms  were  decorated  expensively  and  taste tastefully.  fully. tastefully.  The  evening  passed  off  with  the  greatest  eclat.  INCENDIARIS3I  IN  THE  WEST.—SEINTaI  cases  of  incen incendiarism  diarism incendiarism  have  lately  occurred  iu  Devonshire,  of  a  somewhat  extensive  character.  Two  cases  occurred  last  week,  and  in  each  case  an  agricultural  thrashing  machine  was  burnt,  which  seems  to  indicate  that  the  perpetrators  belong  to  that  class  of  misguided  men—not  yet  extinct  in  this  country— countrywho  who countrywho  consider  the  introduction  of  machinery  to  facilitate  agricultural  improvements  injures  the  labourer,  and  tends  to  decrease  his  wages.  Last  Saturday  evening  a  cow  a  stable,  and  two  large  barns,  on  Fordlands  Farm,  belong belonging  ing belonging  to  Mr.  J.  Heatheote  M.P.,  were  set  on  fire  at  a  place  near  Tiverton,  and  the  whole  of  the  premises  were  destroyed.  A  thrashing  machine,  a  quantity  of•  straw,  and  several  bushels  of  oats  were  also  consumed.  On  tho  Mon Monday  day Monday  morning  a  Rio  Droke  out  in  some  out-buildings  on  Iv  illis's  farm,  near  Uplowman,  Devonshire,  which  con consumed  sumed consumed  a  number  of  cow-linhays  and  a  thrashing  machine.  Measures  are  being  taken  to  discover  the  perpetrators  of  these  fires,  and  it  is  hoped  the  police  will  succeed  in  appre apprehending  hending apprehending  them.  PICTURE  cr  MENSCIIIKOFF.—Menschikoff  has  invariably  refused  to  sit  to  any  artist.  He  is  about  70  years  of  age,  of  middle  stature,  has  close  cut  milk  white  hair,  a  high  open  forehead,  sharply  defined  features,  and  a  bright  spark sparkling  ling sparkling  eye.  His  gait  is  haughty,  but  slightly  limping,  from  a  wound  that  he  received  in  a  singular  manner,  at  the  siege  of  Varna,  in  1823.  One  evening,  h  av  i  ng  g  i  ven  some  or  d  ers  that  he  wished  to  see  implicitly  obeyed,  he  strolled  through  the  camp  ;  and  as  ho  was  returning  to  his  quarters  he  stop stopped  ped stopped  and  remained  with  his  legs  stretched  wide  apart  while  he  enjoyed'a  pinch  of  snuff.  Suddenly  , STYLE=superscript  the  report  of  a  heavy  gun  was  heard,  and  the  Prince  fell  headlong  to  the  ground.  When  lie  was  taken  up  it  was  found  that  a  cannon  ball  had  passed  between  his  legs  and  wounded  him  severely  in  the  thigh.  Prince  Menschikoff  is  one  of  the  most  exten extensive  sive extensive  landed  proprietors  in  the  empire,  and  counts  his  serfs  by  thousands  ;  but,  unlike  the  generality  of  the  Russian  nobles,  he  adds  daily  to  his  wealth.  His  economy  is  with without  out without  a  parallel,  and  indeed  is  stated  to  descend  to  parsimony  of  the  lowest  grade  ;  but,  however  grinding  his  extortion  in  his  patrimonial  estate,  on  all  grand  state  occasions  his  ap appearance,  pearance, appearance,  carriages,  and  suite  are  most  magnificent.  Ile  possesses  a  superb  mansion  at  St.  Petersburg  •  his  establish establishment  ment establishment  of  servants  and  equipage  is  on  a  scale  of  the  most  lavish  expense,  and  he  is  surrounded  by  numerous  aides-dc aides-dccamp  camp aides-dccamp  glittering  in  barbaric  gold  and  Another  stricking  peculiarity  of  this  remarkable  man  is  the  aversion  lie  entertains  for  foreigners.  Not  one—even  au  ambassador  —has  ever  been  permitted  to  enter  his  palace.  He  is  both  rough  and  fickle,  and  when  any  thing  offends  him  becomes  absolutely  brutal.  But  whitelie  have  the  misfortune  to  be  connect  - STYLE=superscript  eed  with  him  ;  and  as  he  is  a  man  of  considerable  talent  and  indomitable  energy,  he  succeeds  most  marvellously  in  his  amiable  occupation.  It  is  not  therefore  to  be  wondered  at  that  he  has  many  ene enemies.  mies. enemies.  Menschikoff  married  the  Princess  Dolgorouki,  by  whom  he  has  a  son  and  a  daughter."
