text
"COPY  No.  2  Town-Hall,  Liverpool,  Nov.  3,  1853.  have  neither  time  nor  inclination  to  enter  into  a  correspondence  on  the  subject  to  which  your  note  refers.  When  I  have  vacated  the  position  which  I  now  hold,  I  shall  be  quite  prepared,  in  the  Council-  Chamber,  to  answer  any  questions  you  .  may  be  pleased  to  put,  and  to  vindicate  any  opinions  which  I  have  ever  uttered.  -  I  am,  Sir,  your  obedient  Servant,  SAMUEL  HOLME  Robertson  Gladstone,  Esq.  [Copy  No.  3.]  Sin,—l  have  received  your  note  of  this  day's  date.  In  it  you  inform  me,  that  you  have  neither  time  nor  inclination  to  enter  into  a  correspondence  on  the  subject  to  which  my  communication  refers  ;  but  that  when  you  have  vacated  the  position  you  hold,  you  will  be  quite  prepared,  in  the  Council-  Room,  to  answer  any  questions,  or  to  vindicate  any  opinions  you  may  have  uttered,  Permit  me  to  remark  that,  inasmuch  as  neither  time  nor  inclination  were  wanting,  on  your  part,  to  make  a  statement,  which  I  contend  is  an  unfounded  one,  it  appears  to  me  not'  only  yOut  duty,  but  an  act'  of  justice  towards  the  individual  to  whom  th  ,atement  refers,  that  you  should,  whenever  called  upon,  be  prepared  to  verify  it  at  all  sacrifices,  either  of  time  or  convenience.  You  have  no  text  for  attempting  to  shelter  yourself—you  have  no  fair  grounds  on  which  to  procrastinate,  until  a  season  more  convenient  should  arrive.  A  plain  answer  is  required  to  a  plain  question  ;  and,  as  tie  party  concerned,  I  cannot  recognize  any  right  or  authority  you  may  claim  to  defer  answering,  for  a  comparatively  indefinite  period,  that  which  ought  now  to  receive  a  prompt  and  decisive  reply.  But  since  silence  is  the  course  you  have  marked  out  for  yourself,  it  will  be  for  me  to  appeal  to  a  competent  tribunal—the  public—who,  I  cannot  doubt,  will  be  able  to  form  a  correct  judgment  between  us,  and  to  determine  whether  the  only  and  proper  inference  to  be  drawn  from  your  con conduct,  duct, conduct,  is,  or  is  not,  that  you  have  made  a  statement  which  you  have  no  means  of  substantiating.  Before  I  conclude,  I  will  endeavour,  though  somewhat  hurriedly,  to  redeem  the  promise  I  made  in  my  first  communication,  that  I  would  take  an  opportunity  of  pointing  out  another  error  you  had  fallen  into,  as  well  as  direct  attention  to  the  irrele irrelevancy  vancy irrelevancy  of  your  observations,  in  so  far  as  they  relate  to  the  real  and  main  point  at  issue.  In  the  .  course  of  your  remarks  at  the  council  meeting  on  Monday  last,  you  said  that,  when  I  was  Mayor  of  Liverpool,  I  had  assisted  in  laying  the  foundation  stone  of  the  Collegiate  Institution,  and  on  that  occasion  had  invited  you  to  a  dinner  at  the  Town  Hall.  You  are  mistaken  ;  I  was  not  Mayor  of  LiVerpool  when  the  foundation  ,  stone  was  laid,  but  I  was  so  when  that  institution  was  opened  ;  and  inasmuch  as  one  of  my  brothers  was  specially  invited  to  take  a  part  in  the  ceremony,  I  did  give  a  dinner  at  the  Town  Hall,  and  I  would  have  done  just  the  same  thing  for  the  Mechanics'  Institution.  But  the  case  is  altogether  foreign  to  the  point  I  brought  before  the  notice  of  the  council.  What  took  place,  in  respect  to  the  Collegiate  Institution,  was  within  the  precincts  of  the  borough,  where,  if  any anything  thing anything  was  said  or  done  that  was  wrong,  it  would  of  necessity  be  at  once  known,  and  a  remedy  be  speedily  applied  ;  but,  the  objection  I  raised,  re referred  ferred referred  solely  to  your  travelling  beyond  the  precincts  of  the  borough  -4o  your  visit  to  the  Mayor  of  London,  without  the  knowledge  or  sanction  of  the  council,  and  where  and  when,  you,  in  the  capacity  of  Mayor  of  Liverpool  (and  it  was  to  be  presumed,  as  representing  the  views  of  the  council),  did  dis discuss  cuss discuss  the  subject  of  Education,  in  what  form  or  manner  is  immaterial,  thus  establishing  a  prece precedent  dent precedent  which,  I  believe,  to  be  dangerous  to  the  best  interests  of  the  corporation,  and  opposed  to  the  rights,  independence,  and  freedom  of  the  members  of  the  Town-Council.  I  am,  Sir,  Your  obedient  servant,  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONI  Samuel  Holme,  Esq.,  Mayor,  &amp;c.,  Town-Hall.  Union-court,  3rd  Nov.,  1853  LAUNCH  OF  Yesterday,  shortly  before  one  o'clock,  the  splendid  new  screw  steam-ship,  Ottawa,  was  launched  from  the  building  yard  of  Mr.  John  Laird,  Dingle.  This  splendid  vessel  is  in intended  tended intended  for  one  of  the  line  of  the  Canadian  Steam  Navigation  Company's  line  of  screw-steamers,  to  trade  between  Liverpool,  Quebec  and  Montreal,  during  the  summer  months,  whilst  the  navigation  of  the  St.  Lawrence  is  open;  under  contract  with  her  majesty's  provincial  government  of  Canada,  and  also  in  winter  in  conjunction  with  the  great  railway  companies  of  Canada,  via  Portland.  The  Ottawa  is  beautifully  modelled,  her  lines  being  remarkably  fine,  and  her  entire  proportions  combining  capacity  and  elegance.  She  is  240  feet  in  length,  with  depth  and  beam  in  proportion,  estimated  measurement,  1,200  tons,  and  burthen  upwards  of  1,500  tons.  She  is  to  be  fitted  by  Messrs.  Fawcett  and  Preston,  with  engines  of  the  most  approved  construction,  about  300  horse-power  ;  which  will  be  considerably  exceeded  in  working,  judging  from  the  beauty  of  model,  fineness  of  lines,  and  the  skill  of  her  builder,  the  Ottawa  promises  to  be  one  of  the  fastest  screw-steamers  that  has  yet  crossed  the  Atlantic.  Mr.  Laird  is  also  building  for  the  same  Company  three  other  very  large  screw  steamers,  to  be  named  the  Ontario,  Erie,  and  Huron  (atter  the  great  Canadian  lakes),  each  of  which  will  be  upwards  of  2,000  tons  burthen,  and  of  proportion proportionate  ate proportionate  power.  It  is  expected  the  Ontario  will  be  launched  in  a  few  months,  and  it  is  the  intention  of  the  Company  to  com complete  plete complete  as  early  as  possible  this  magnificent  fleet  of  screw  steam steamers,  ers, steamers,  which  we  learn  will  be  under  the  direction  of  Messrs.  M.  Kean,  M.  Larty,  and  R.  Lamont.  A.  very  large  company  was  in  attendance  to  witness  the  launch,  and  the  noble  vessel,  on  the  triggers  being  drawn,  glided  majestically  into  what  is  become  her  future  element,  amidst  the  discharge  of  cannon,  and  the  cheers  of  the  parties  assembled.  We  perceive  that  Mr.  Laird  is  building  in  the  same  yard  titre,:  new  steamers  for  the  African  Steam  Company,  also  a  new  steamer  to  be  called  the  Bahiana,  for  the  Brazilian  Steam  Company.  All  those  vessels  are  fast  drawing  towards  completion."
