text
"SOUTH  AMERICA  The  advices  brought  by  the  Royal  Mail  steam steamship  ship steamship  Magdalena  states,  that  Miss  Catherine  Hayes  gave  her  parting  concert  at  Valparaiso  on  the  12th  September.  At  Santiago  she  gave  several  concerts,  which  netted  her  10,000  dols.  A  fire  occurred  at  Valparaiso  on  the  Ist  of  September,  which  de destroyed  stroyed destroyed  12  houses,  and  property  to  the  value  of  200,000  dols.  Two  fires  have  taken  place  in  the  province  of  Copiapo,--one  at  the  mines  of  Trespuntas,  which  destroyed  one-third  of  the  small  town  which  has  so  rapidly  sprung  into  existence  in  that  remark remarkably  ably remarkably  rich  mining  district.  In  an  article  upon  the  railways  of  Chili,  the  Valparaiso  Herald  gives  a  statement  of  the  busi business  ness business  done  on  the  Copiapo  line,  and  says  :  The  actual  receipts  for  the  first  six  months  of  the  present  year  have  amounted  to  $167,676;  without  counting  upon  any  increase  the  receipts  for  the  whole  year  will  reach  the  sum  of  $335,000.  Although  the  running  expenses  are  larger  in  this  country  than  in  others,  yet  considering  the  higher  tariff  of  charges,  it  is  probable  that  one-third  of  the  gross  receipts  will  be  ample  to  cover  the  expenses  after  the  present  year,  which  could  have  a  net  profit  of  $223,000,  or  about  12  per  cent,  upon  the  capital,  $1,875,000,.  But  the  receipts  of  this  road  are  not  to  be  limited  to  those  of  the  second  year  of  its  operation,  and  the  stockholders  may  confidently  look  forward  to  still  greater  returns  upon  their  The  Valparaiso  Echo  gives  the  subjoined  naval  news  :  Don  Domingo  Elias,  recently  imprisoned  by  the  Peruvian  Goverrunent,  had  made  his  escape  from  Callao  to  Ecuador,  where  it  was  said  he  was  likely  to  take  part  with  Flores  in  raising  another  revolution.  Dates  to  the  2nd  of  August,  from  Melbourne,  had  been  received  at  Panama,  via  Callao,  having  been  taken  up  to  the  former  port  by  the  sailing  ship  Volga.  A  second  remittance  of  Australian  gold  to  the  value  of  45,000  dollars,  intended  for  by  Adams  and  Co.'s  express.  Melbourne  papers  sold  in  Panama  at  50  cents  (about  25.)  each.  Bolivia  presented  a  melancholy  spectacle.  Belzu,  abandoned  by  all  the  respectable  portion  of  the  inhabitants,  had  thrown  himself  into  the  arms  of  the  Indians,  remitting  to  them  half  their  tribute  and  arming  them  with  kniveS,  in  order  to  enable  them  to  coerce  the  white  people  whenever  they  attempted  to  rise  against  him.  Front  Panama  we  learn  of  an  accident  on  the  Panama  Railway,  which  occurred  from  an  ox  ly lying  ing lying  across  thu  track,  which  threw  the  tender  off  the  rails,  and,  before  the  engine  could  be  stopped,  it  was  forced  over  a  bridge  into  a  ravine  of  some  30  feet  in  depth,  the  baggage  van  and  two  passen passenger  ger passenger  cars  being  carried  over  with  the  engine.  One  Of  the  firemen  was  killed  and  the  engineer  dan dangerously  gerously dangerously  wounded.  A  few  of  the  passengers  were  injured,  and  one  died  from  the  effect  of  his  wounds.  MERCANTILE  INTELLIGENCE.  •  VALPAILUSO,  Sep.  14  Bread.---No  sales  of  importance.  Coals.—No  arrivals  Copper.—No  transactions  of  importance,  and  little  in  market  ;  small  quantities  have  been  taken  at  quotations  equal  to  about  18  dollars  on  shore.  Flour.—Since  the  heavy  sales  quoted  in  our  last,  little  has  been  done  ;  probably  not  more  than  400  sacks  have  changed  hands,  and  this  merely  to  complete  shipments.  There  is  literally  none  in  first  bands.  All  that  is  known  of  to  arrive,  is  taken  up  at  $8  50c.  per  sack.  The  news  brought  by  the  steamer,  of  the  rise  in  California  to  $l9,  has  stimulated  inquiry  since,  but  nothing  has  been  de determined  termined determined  as  yet,  nor  can  be,  until  supplies  are  received.  A  very  large  quantity  will  be  brought  in  between  this  and  the  next  harvest;  the  knowledge  of  this  fact,  together  with  the  generally  prevalent  belief  here  that  the  rise  in  St.  Francisco  is  not  founded  upon  demand,  warrants  the  opinion  that  the  market  will  not  be  much,  if  at  all,  affected  by  this  news.  No  American  flour  in  the  market.  Freights  continue  high,  with  no  prospect  of  a  decline  ;  the  certainty  that  .many  more  charters  will  be  closed  before  the  departure  of  the  mail  renders  a  list  of  dispo disposable  sable disposable  tonnage  impracticable  for  this  number,  as  it  would  certainly  conflict  with  private  advices.  Exchange.—On  London,  60  days,  451  to  46d.  per  Chili  dollar;  on  Paris,  90  days,  5.05  f.;  on  Hambnrg,  404  to  415.;  on  the  United  States,  at  par  ;  gold,  15c.  to  17c.  above  ley;  silver  bars  pure,  10.121  per  mare.  THE  FAST  MEN  OF  EDINBURGH.—Lord  Palmerston— Palmerstonthrough  through Palmerstonthrough  his  secretary—has  administered  a  very  wholesome  rebuke  to  certain  of  the  Presbytery  of  Edinburgh  yearning,  hungering  for  a  fast,  to  stay  the  scourge  of  the  Cholera.  His  lordship  suggests  instead  of  fasting,  washing.  Eat  your  daily  bread,  says  his  lordship,  only  take  plenty  of  soap  with  it.  Attend  to  your  own  dinner-table,  as  usual,  only  see  that  these  places— 'places'  Which  are  inhabited  by  the  poorer  classes,  and  which,  from  the  nature  of  things,  must  most  need  purification  and  improvement,  may  be  freed  from  those  causes  and  sources  of  contagion  which,  if  allowed  to  remain,  will  infallibly'  breed  pestilence,  and  be  fruitful  in  death,  in  spite  of  all  the  prayers  and  fastings  of  a  united  but  inactive  nation.  When  man  has  done  his  utmost  for  his  own  safety,  then  is  the  time  to  invoke  the  blessing  of  Heaven  to  give  effect  to  his  Surely,  this  is  very  true.  Prayers,  however  earnest,  will  not  sweeten  a  common  sewer.  Folks  who  fast  for  a  long  day  will  hardly  do  as  much  to  remove  the  causes  of  Cholera,  as  even  folks  with  brooms.  An  empty  belly  is  scarcely  so  effi efficacious  cacious efficacious  for  the  removal  of  disease  as  a  clean  Wynd.  White Whitewashed  washed Whitewashed  walls  are  surely  quite  as  good,  if  not  better,  than  lank  jaws,  pale  with  mortification.  All  Edinburgh  wants  a  sweet  clean  shirt,  next  a  clean  skin—not  a  shirt  of  peniten penitential  tial penitential  bristles,  clothing  (with  hairy  piety)  a  dirty  hide.  First  do  your  best—sayi  Palmerston—and  then  ask  a  blessing  on  it.  For  the  days  of  miracles  are  over.  The  deadly  reek  of  sewers  is  not  to  be  turned  into  airs  from  Heaven,  though  the  most  pious  Malachi  Malagrowther  shall,  for  a  long  day  and  night,  go  without  his  porridge  for  it  !  When  you  have  worked,  then  it  is  good  to  ask  a  blessing  on  the  labour.  But  hands  first—and  then  knees.—Punch.  THE  DYE  OF  GIIILT.—The  Kentucky  Legislature  have  That  the  keeper  of  the  Penitentiary  shall  procure  a  suitable  chemical  dye,  such  as  will  stain  the  skin  perfectly  black,  so  that  it  cannot  be  removed,  until  time  shall  wear  it  away,  and  nature  furnish  a  new  cuticle  or  When  the  dye  is  obtained,  the  nose  of  each  male  convict  is  to  be  painted  thoroughly  black;  the  paint  to  be  renewed  until  about  to  be  restored  to  the  world,  when  the  convict  shall  be  restored  to  society  with  a  clean  nose.  We  hardly  perceive  the  moral  and  social  use  of  this  nose-dyeing  ;  it  may  also  be  difficult  to  obtain  the  dye  of  sufficient  blackness.  In  which  case  Punch  advises  Kentucky  to  apply  to  Mrs.  STOWE  for  the  use  of  her  ink-bottle  :  for  that  lady  has  dyed  not  only  the  noses,  but  the  whole  faces  of  the  LEFREES  with  such  well wellmerited  merited wellmerited  blackness,  that  nature  must  find  them  not  only  new  skins,  but  new  hearts,  ere  they  can  show  even  tolerably  white  sgain.—.Ptatch,"
