text
"tin.  TO  OUR  MANCHESTER  SUBSCRIBERS.  .  .  .  Offi'Manchesier  friends  will  please  observe,  that  our  Publishing-qtfice  in  that  town  will,  on  Monday,  December  12th,  be  removed  from  9,  Princess-street,  to'N'9.  91,  MARKET-STREET.  On  and  after  the  same  date,  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  will  be  'delivered  in.  Manchester  every  morning  at  Seven  O'OloCk.  •  -  CHARLES  WILLMER,  PUBLISHER.  ijec.  - STYLE=superscript  9th,  1853.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  Wliatker  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  n  ecessar  il  y  f  or  Iltliblidation,  but  as  a  . STYLE=superscript  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  Wel  , STYLE=superscript  bannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  Vl'  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for 'for,,-ittirded'  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  Cu'ART.Es  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  tv'the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  ▪  littljtrit  hsrohtitia  m:  TH  EA  T  ILE  ROYAL.  ,KITZPATRICK  whose  suc  cess  f  u  l  debut  in  Lon 'Lonzid9ll,•'  )  , STYLE=superscript  tinbsequent  tour  i  n  the  United  States  ,•  have  distin distin-444'  -444' distin-444' STYLE=superscript  her  as  on  e  o  f  the  'principal  artistes  in  comedy,  is  engaged.  for  EIGHT  nights  Y  MISS  FITZPATRICK  having  been  received  with  the  gre°antest—  LOVE  CHASE  the  character  of  the  Com  e  d  y  of  THE  CHASE  will  be  repeated  -4.111  ff,  .MvDwirro  (FRIDAY)  December  9th.  To  _o2.oAusle,with  OUR  MARY  ANNE.  MISS  CUSHMAN  tilipdar  at  this  Theatre  on  Thursday,  December  16th,  in  the  character  of  1,2 STYLE=superscript  in  Millinan's  Tragedy  of  FAZIO  !  Being  engaged  for  that  night  only.  •14tinia  '  NEWSPAP  .  „::,  .sion  :  Dress  Boxei,  4s.  ;  Upper  Boxes,  3s.  ;  Pit,  28.;  Performances  commence  ',-'''.::Z.  - STYLE=superscript  1-41,i  i  -  w....  .  .  ten  at  half-past  six.  1 STYLE=superscript  :' STYLE=superscript  .';'•  ~  , STYLE=superscript  `-4.1,1s  8  •  ,  .  lock  precisely.  i STYLE=superscript  7- STYLE=superscript  -  -  ' STYLE=superscript  fr  . STYLE=superscript  -,'..&#34;'?&#34;1,  1 STYLE=superscript  e&#34;'„  .  Office  is  open  from  Ten  till  Three  o'clock  daily;  1  -  $.-4 STYLE=superscript  '=  , STYLE=superscript  l,  - STYLE=superscript  fcrt,.  - STYLE=superscript  14  : STYLE=superscript  tilgtt  Ues  -- STYLE=superscript  iid  - STYLE=superscript  taking.  Private  boxes,  under,  the  1 STYLE=superscript  ,0\;..'  4  ,---t,  are  - STYLE=superscript  etteit  - STYLE=superscript  fif  Mr.  T.  Shuttleworth.  .  \  ..,k  l STYLE=superscript  /  4  '-  --- STYLE=superscript  -;--  - STYLE=superscript  -  k  !  7  .  Children  in  am*  not  admitted.  SAIV  II  A  9  I\l  1•111:411.1,1101•1  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  Sole  .Lessee,  TV.  R.  Copeland,  15,  Great  Charlotte-street.  PABLO  FANQUE  Respectfully  announces  that  he  has  OPENED  the  above  AMFIIITHEATRE  FOR  A  LIMITED'  SEASON,  with  one  of  the  largest  Companies  of  EQUESTRIANS  now  travelling— travellingcomposed  composed travellingcomposed  of  all  Nations—Europe,  Asia,  Africa,  and  America!  An  extensive  stud  of  TRAINED  HORSES  and  PONIES,  PERFORMING  MONKEYS,  DOGS,  &amp;0.,  &amp;C.  The  Entertainments  are  agreeably  diversified  by  those  UNRIVALLED  SONS  OF  MOMUS,  Messrs.  HENRY  BROWN  and  S.  LOCKRART.  Doors  open  at  a  quarter  to  seven  o'clock,  and  the  Per Perforinance  forinance Perforinance  to  commence  at  half-past  seven.  Prices  of  Admission—Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  2s.  6d.;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Stalls,  Is.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  2s.  ;  Side  Boxes,  Is.  6d.  ;  Pit;  Is.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Secon  Price  taken  at  nine  o'clock  to  the  Dress  Circle,  Side  Boxes,  and  Pit  only.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament  Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  Tins  EVENING,  Friday,  December  9th,  1853,  the  Per Performances  formances Performances  will  commence  with  the  popular  Drama  of  WEALTH  AND  POVERTY.  After  which,  the  Farce  of  TWO  EYES  BETWEEN  TWO.  To  conclude  with  the  popular  Drama,  of  WALLACE.  Wallace,  Mr.  George  Walton.  Marian,  Miss  Marriot.  TO-MORROW  (SATURDAY)  evening,  will  be  performed,  Shakspeare's  Tragedy  of  ROMEO  AND  JULIET.  Romeo,  M.  George  Walton.  Juliet,  Miss  Marriot.  To  conclude  with  DEMON  STATUE  ;  or,  THE  SKELETON  HAND.  Woolfgang,  Mr.  Donald.  Lestelle,  Miss  Marriot.  Doors  open  at  half-past  six,  commence  at  seven.  Admis Admission,  sion, Admission,  Private  Boxes,  25.;  Boxes,  ls.  ;  Pit,  6d.  ;  Gallery,  3d.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  THIS  DAY—Morning,  6h.  20m....  Afternoon,  6h.  51m.  FRIDAY,  DECEMBER  9,  1853  MORE  glorious  victories!  Advices  have  been  received  from  Constantinople  up  to  the  25th  ult.,  of  a  most  warlike  character.  They  an announce  nounce announce  additional  victories  on  the  part  of  the  Turks,  and  the  repulse  and  defeat  of  the  Russians  in  several  successive  engagements,  viz.,  at  Sahiltz,  after  three  sanguinary  attacks—at  the  storming  and  subsequent  capture  of  the  fortresses  of  Saffa  and  Akirka,  besides  other  victories  at  Abdi,  Bajazet,  and  Chaftakil.  And  yet  we  hear  of  pend pending  ing pending  negotiations,  conferences,  and  an  Armistice  !  And  in  the  face  of  such  stern  announcements,  the  petty  organs  of  Aberdeenism  talk  most  seriously  of  a  peaceable  up-shot  to  this  bloody  struggle  !  should  like  to  know  whether  the  God  of  all  the  Russians  regrets  his  fatal  policy—and  if  he  should  not  like  once  more,  to  have  an  opportu opportunity  nity opportunity  of  accepting  those  terms  which  he  has  so  vauntingly  despised.  The  details  of  the  intelli intelligence  gence intelligence  thus  briefly  referred  to,  our  readers  will  find  in  another  column.  THE  proceedings  of  the  Town  Council  of  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  in  the  case  of  Mr.  BRADLEY,  puts  us  forcibly  in  mind  of  the  mountain  in  labour  bringing  forth  a  mouse  After  all  the  fuss,  and  bustle,  and  con confusion,  fusion, confusion,  and  spasmodic  throes,  are  over,  lo  !  we  have  but.  a  bag  of  wind—an  airy  mere  of  a  puny  sooterkin— sooterkinnothing  nothing sooterkinnothing  more— 'more'  The  very  mother  would  not  know  her  Corporate  bodies  but  too  often  make  their  little  brief  administer  to  the  pettiest  of  tyran  Hies.  They  assume  a  jurisdiction  never  conceded  o  theni;.  and  exercise  a  domination  grievously  to  be  borne.  Hence  they  have  become  odious  in  the  public  eye  ;  and  their  dogmatism  and  domi domineering,  neering, domineering,  have  earned  for  them  no  very  enviable  name  or  fame.  The  conduct  of  the  Council  of  this  Borough,  in  the  case  of  Mr.  BRADLEY,  has  been  un.  paralleled.  We  know  of  no  precedent  whereby  its  members  could  claim  justification.  They  have  as_  sumed  privileges  and  responsibilities  not  even  per permitted  mitted permitted  to  those  of  the  House  of  Commons  ;  as  if  they  had  ra  special  carte  blanche,  and  letters  pa patent,  tent, patent,  to  act  irrespectively  of  law  or  authority.  Mr.  BRADLEY  is  elected  by  the  burgesses  of  a  par particular  ticular particular  ward  to  represent  their  interests,  and  serve  in  the  Corporation  of  the  Borough.  He  is  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  nominated,  and  apppointed,  to  sit  in  the  Committees  of  the  Council.  By-and-by  a  contest  takes  place  in  Vauxhall-ward,  relative  to  the  return  of  certain  candidates.  Mr.  BRADLEY  takes  an  ac active  tive active  part  therein,  in  favor  of  one  whose  election  he  is  desirous  of  promoting.  Soon  afterwards  Mr.  HODSON  directly  charges  him  with  bribery,  on  the  ground  of  having  made  certain  pecuniary  pro promises,  mises, promises,  and  condescended  to  other  malpractises,  in  order  to  secure  the  return  of  the  party  for  whom  he  was  interested—and  that,  as  a  member  of  the  Water  Committee,  he  made  clandestine  use  of  the  knowledge  thus  afforded  him,  to  attain  his  object.  Upon  hearing  of  the  charge,  the  Council  imme immediately  diately immediately  suspends  Mr.  BRADLEY  from  exercising  his  privileges  as  a  member  of  certain  Committees,  and  directs  that  au  investigation  be  made,  and  a  report  be  drawn  up  thereupon.  That  report  was  pre presented  sented presented  on  Wednesday,  at  the  monthly  meeting;  and,  as  our  readers  will  have  seen  from  our  last  number,  a  verdict  of  guilty  was  returned—not,  however,  of  bribery,  but  of  having  unlawfully  and  improperly  influenced  a  voter  named  STOPFORTH,  during  the  late  contested  election  for  the  Vauxhall Vauxhallward.  ward. Vauxhallward.  Now,  we  maintain  that  the  course  pursued  by  the  Council  in  suspending  or  prohibiting  the  ac accused  cused accused  member  from  the  exercise  of  his  functions  as  a  Committee-man  was  most  unjustifiable  and  unconstitutional.  We  thought  it  was  the  genius  of  English  jurisprudence  that  every  one  against  whom  a  misdemeanor  is  preferred  is  considered  innocent  until  found  guilty—and  hence  our  laws  alloW  malefactors  of  every  degree  to  plead  inno 'innocent,.so'  that  no  advantage  should  be  taken  by  the  accusing  party.  But  in  Mr.  BRADLEY'S  case  what  is  the  fact?  Why,  upon  the  ex  parte  statement  of  Mr.  HODSON,—whose  temper,  perhaps,  was  rather  fiery  at  the  time,  having  just  escaped  from  the  Vauxhall  seat  of  war,  after  a  terrible  coutest,  during  which  'there  was  no  powder  fired—yet,  npt nptwithstanding,  withstanding, nptwithstanding,  a  terrible  melee—the  Council  imme immediately  diately immediately  prejudges  the  merits  of  the  case—degrades,  as  far  as  they  can  degrade,  one  of  their  body,  on  the  strength  of  an  unproven  accusation  !  He  is  still  a  Town  Councillor—that  position  he  cannot  be  deprived  of—but  he  is  not  suffered  to  sit  on  any  Committee  of  that  Council.  Like  SINBAD,  they  are  necessitated  to  bear  the  presence  of  one  they  most  gladly  would  get  rid  of.  But  there's  the  can't  !  So  a  new  axiom  has  been  added  to  science,  viz.,  that  a  part  is  greater  than  the  whole  !  We  have  all  been  in  the  wrong  (if  the  Corporation  of  Liverpool  be  in  the  right)  in  regarding  the  opposite  as  the  infallible  rule.  But  wonders  will  never  cease—as  long,  at  least,  as  there  be  nizy  councillors  and  busy  dabblers.  Surely  what  Mr.  FERNIHOUGH  stated  was  about  the  most  sensible  remark  made  throughout  the  whole  pro 'proceedings—'  If  a  man  is  not  qualified  to  sit  as  a  member  of  a  fraction  of  a  body,  he  is  not  qualified  sit  as  a  member  of  the  whole  Certes  !  From  beginning  to  end  of  this  clumsy  affair  the  Corporation  have  assumed  a  false  position  and  adopted  most  unwarrantable  and  unprecedented  steps.  Had  the  charge  against  Mr.  BRADLEY  been  such  as  was  first  affirmed,  there  was  legal  redress  sufficient,  and  they  were  honestly  bound  to  obtain  the  assistance  of  the  Town  clerk  in  instituting  a  prosecution  in  the  proper  quarter.  If  the  offence  charged  was  not  of  that  henious  character  'to  Warrant  'snob!  e3tireni6  -  •  Oteps  being  taken—then,  we  say,  such  a  rumpus  should  not  have  been  kicked'Up—and  the  matter  should  have  been  suffered  to  rest.  View  *it  from  what  point  we  may,  no  justification  or  even  palliation  can  be  offered  for  the  inquisitorial  authority  which  those  amateurs  of  Justice  have.  thought  it  their  good  pleasure  to  adopt.  .1  - STYLE=superscript  leaven  save  us  from  their  sway  !  for  we  fear  'it  would  not  partake  of  the  character  of  But  from  the  incidental  remarks  which  fell  from  one  or  two  speakers  at  the  late  meeting,  it  would  appear  that  the  offence  charged  against  Mr.  BRADLEY  was  not  altogether  confined  to  that  gentleman.  In  fine,  it  was  plumply  stated  that  no  single  member  of  the  Council  could  say  These  hands,  are  clean  and  that  to  beer  and  bad  one  councillor  boastingly  attributed  his  election  to  office  !  Bad  as  the  latter  was,  however,  some  of  the  body  seemed  to  it—for  cries  of  and  followed  i  the  admission  —no  very  creditable  one,  we  must  say,  parenthe parenthetically  tically parenthetically  !  Ich  ache  nur  wie  sich  die  Menschen  We  hope  that  the  intelligent  Burgesses  of  this  important  Borough  will  not  permit  such  things  to  pass  unheeded  or  unremedied.  Their  character,  honour,  influence,  and  interests,  are  materially  concerned  in  the  class  of  representatives  they  elect.  - STYLE=superscript  And  if  they  do  not  in  future  exercise  far  more  vigilance  than  they  have  hitherto,  those  dis disgraceful  graceful disgraceful  and  graceless  exhibitions  which,  from  time  to  time,  have  been  transacted  in  the  Council Councilchamber,  chamber, Councilchamber,  will  be  repeated,  and  perhaps  with  in  creased  turpitude,  and  to  a  far  greater  extent.  We  shall  return  to  this  subject.  THE  South  Lancashire  calendar  for  the  present  winter  exhibits  a  fearful  picture  of  social  degra degradation,  dation, degradation,  and  impious  vice.  Its  importance  demands  a  recurrence  to  the  subject.  In  addition  to  the  ordi ordinary  nary ordinary  catalogue  of  crimes  which  appear  to  be  inhe inherent  rent inherent  in  the  very  system  under  which  we  live,  we  have  that  of  murder  by  the  knife.  From  whence  we  have  borrowed  a  taste  for  this  terrible  crime  is  not  the  question.  No  less  than  seventeen  wretches  'await  their  trial  for  stabbing;  which  number,  when  added  to  the  cases  which  have  gone  before  them,  make  an  aggregate  of  116  for  - STYLE=superscript  the  present  year.  These  the  learned  Judge  divides  as  foll6ws  Of  the  one  hundred  and  sixteen,  forty-seven  belong  to  this  town  ;  fourteen  to  all  the  rest  of  England  ;  forty-four  to  Ireland;  one  to  Scotland  ;  one  to  the  Isle  of  Man  ;  and  nine  to  foreign  By  these  figures  it  appears  that  Liverpool  is  becoming  notorious  for  knife  murders  ;  and  judging  from  the  rapid  increase  of  the  number  of  cases,  it  appears  to  be  an  evil  for  which  there  is  no  remedy  beyond  that  which  the  law  provides.  To  'prevent  one  man  from  stabbing  another  is  almost  impossible.  The  very  nature  of  the  heinous  crime  is  impunity.  The  weapon  employed  in  the  commission  of  the  murderous  purpose  is  almost  beyond  the  power  of  detection.  A  knife  may  be  carried  in  a  man's  hand  in  the  public  street,  without  exciting-any  suspicion.  Nearly  every  man  employed  about  the  docks  and  in  warehouses  requires  the  use  of  a  knife  in  his  work.  Every  tradesman  must  have  a  knife;  and  in  fact  it  is  an  instrument  which  is,  and  must  ;  continue,  in  con constant  stant constant  and  universal  use.  Nothing  in  the  way  of  vigilance  on  the  part  of  the  police,  can  prevent  the  commission  of  .  knife  murders.  The  legislature  cannot  prohibit  the  use  of  knives.  The  law  can  deal  with  a  murderer,  but  it  cannot:  deal  with  the  knife.  What,  then,  is  to  be  done  to  protect  society  from  so  fearful  a  crime  ?  There  are  certain  moral  means  at  every  man's  hand,  by  which  all  that  can  be  done  is  quite  possible.  Men  who  commit  such  crimes  generally  carry  a  foreshadowing  of  their  propensities  about  them.  The  brutal  ferocity  required  to  enable  a  man  to  plunge  a  knife  into  the  body  of  another,  is  not  a  mere  impulse  of  a  second.  Those  who  commit  such  savage  acts,  are  generally  known  for  years  by  the  vile  savageness  of  their  dispositions  ;  and  we  have  known  instances,  where  men  who  have  been  known  to  be  the  most  heartless  monsters  living,  have  been  retained  in  service,  and  passed  over  in  society  as  beings  of  ordinary  reputation.  In  this  toleration  of  barbarity  lies  the  root  of  the  great  social  evil,  with  which  we  now  have  to  deal,  in  its  worst  form.  If  men  were  to  look  as  much  to  the  diSposition  and  temperament  of  the  people  they  have  about  them,  and  would  lay  it  down  as  a  rule  to  keep  off  all  those  who  carry  about  them  the  unmistakeable  traces  of  a  ferocious  character,  the  career  of  the  Lancashire  Bowies  would  be  very  materially  impeded.  Let  the  face  of  every  man  and  woman  be  turned  against  those  characters,  whose  actions  leave  no  doubt  as  to  their  savage  disposition,  and  society  will  soon  have  reason  to  be  thankful.  At  present,  the  world  is  too  fond  of  passing  over  acts  of  the  most  revolting  cruelty,  forgetful  of  the  danger  they  run  themselves,  by  pardoning  a  fierce  and  heartless  monster,  and  the  deep  injury  they  inflict  on  the  community,  by  facilitating  the  exist existence  ence existence  of  murderously  disposed  villains  in  ease  and  comfort.  By  branding  such  beings  with  instant  dismissal  from  employment,  and  with withdrawing  drawing withdrawing  all  countenance  from  them,  they  would  be  forced  to  betake  themselVes  to  other  lands,  or  they  would  fall  into  that  rank  where  they  would  be  less  likely  to  escape  the  punishment  which  awaits  the  offender.  Without  adopting  some  such  course,  we  see  but  little  hope  of  any  decrease  in  the  number  of  stabbing  cases.  In  alluding  to  the  case  of  the  Wigan  turn  who  were  committed  for  trial  as  rioters,  Mr.  Baron'  ALDERSON  made  use  of  the  very  words  we  have  so  often  used  in  the  :  columns  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  on  the  subject  of  The  great  want  of  he  said,  the  part  of  the  general  body  of  the  people  of  the  real  causes  which  go 'go'  vern  the  rate  of  wages  in  the  world  is  the  princi principal  pal principal  cause  of  this  Mr.  Baron  ALDERSON  strikes  at  once  at  the  root  of  the  great  social  evil,  and  goes  on  to  say  If  they  did  but  know  a  little  more  of  that  political  economy  which  many  peo 'peo'  pie  talk  of,  and  so  few  understand,  they  would  see  that  this  is  not  the  way  in  which  the  thing  can  be  done  even  if  it  were  desirable  to  be  ac 'ac'  The  diffusion  of  knowledge  on  the  subject  of  sound  political  economy,  has  been  but  too  long  withheld  from  the  operative  classes  of  England,  and  for  many  reasons.  At  the  present  time  we  have  a  - STYLE=superscript  n  endless  variety  of  orders  of  politi political  cal political  economy.  Many  supporting  things  as  they  are;  others  opposed  to  these  again  ;  while  those  who  aim  at  the  subversion  of  existing  institutions'  are  as  numerous  as  they  are  popular  with  certain  parties.  In  speaking  of  this  great  blank  in  the  education  of  the  manufacturing  classes,  the  learned  Judge  goes  on  say  It  is  lamentable  that  it  should  be  so  ;  and  one  cannot  help  thinking  that  it  is  from  the  want  of  experience  that  this  matter  arises  ;  for  the  shortness  of  life  in  the  manufacturing  districts  renders  it  such  that  the  people  employed  there  are  generally  very  young.  The  proportion  of  the  experienced  to  the  inexperienced,  then,  is  very  small,  and  it  has  been  my  unfortunate  fate,  in  the  course  of  my  official  life,  to  come  here  and  try  in  succession  persons  of  this  description  for  the  same  sort  of  offence.  Every  eight,  or  nine,  or  years,  a  new  generation  .  arises.  •  They  have  not  the  experience  or  the  sufferings  of  their  pre'-  decessers,  and  by  their  numbers  they  overbear  `,.(  l STYLE=superscript  th;  more  experienced,  and  thus  the  thing  arises  from  tithe  to  time.  I  don't  see  how  the  thing  can  be  prevented,  unless  by  a  more  general  spread  of  sound  education  amongst  the  people  ;  that  is  the  ‘,‘  orly  mode  in  which,  to  my-mind,  the  remedy  can  provided.  If  we  could  but  do  that—if  we  could  teach  them  what  was  really  for  their  good,  they  would  cease  to  be  the  prey  of  empty-headed  fellows,  as  . STYLE=superscript  they  at  present  seem  to  It  has  seldom  been  our  lot  to  read  a  more  lucid  exposi exposition  tion exposition  of  the  real  causes  of  the  great  industrial  de derangements  rangements derangements  we  have  witnessed  from  time  to  time.  The  wilful  neglect  of  education  on  the  part  of  the  pare  - STYLE=superscript  its,  in  the  humbler  walks  of  life,  is  most  un unpar6nable.  par6nable. unpar6nable.  Children  are  sent  to  school,  to  teach  then  their  mother  tongue,  and  the  parent  who  neglects  this  duty  not  only  robs  the  child  of  all  hopes  of  success  in  life,  but  entails  an  absolute  scourge  on  society.  For  this  evil,  which  in  an  arti artificial  ficial artificial  state  of  society  assumes  an  alarming  aspect,  the  legislature  must  speedily  find  a  remedy.  Im Immense  mense Immense  cities,  filled  with  many  hundred  thousands  of  souls,  cannot  exist  if  they  be  kept  in  ignorance  of  the  simplest  principles  on  which  ,their  existence  dependsl;  and  much  as  we  are  opposed  to  all  arbi arbitrar:  trar: arbitrar:  laws,  we  should  hail  with  pleasure  a  -legis -legislative  lative -legislative  enactment  which  would  make  the  neglect  of  education  a  punishable  offence.  If  we  need  any  statement  of  facts  to  support  our  views,  we  have  them  in  the  Judge's  charge.  To  the  want  of  education,  he  attributes  the  occur occurrence,of  rence,of occurrence,of  offences  against  the  peace  and  prosperity  of  the  people  themselves.  He  does  not  see  how  the  offences  before  him  in  his  official  capacity  'are  to  be  prevented,  unless  by  a  more  general  spread  of  sound  education  amongst  the  When  a  man  who  has  evidently  made  himself  master  of  his  subject,  speaks  in  this  strain,  from  the  most  solemn  seat  of  wisdom  and  justice,  we  hope  .  the  anti-educational  gentry  who  are  heard  to  scoff  at  the  thoughts  of  enlightening  the  great  masses  of  our  fellow-beings,  will  for  ever  hold  their  PRINCE  ALBERT.—The  prince  consort  has  obtained  the  gold  medal  for  pigs,  at  the  Smithfield  club  show.  ODESSA  WHEAT.  -  -  The  quantity  of  wheat  sold  at  Odessa  for  the  week  ending  25th  ult.  was  65,000  quarters.  In  the  Manchester  General  Dispensary  for  children,  there  are  192  under  treatment.  The  number  of  patients  admitted  during  the  week  at  the  Manchester  Lying-in-Hospital  was  22,  and  discharged  14.  The  mail  ship  Herman  sailed  from:Southampton  on  Wed Wednesday,  nesday, Wednesday,  with  upwards  of  150  passengers.  The  Hyderabad  sailed  on  Tuesday  last  from  Southampton,  for  Adelaide,  with  246  adult  emigrants.  At  Lord  Huntingfield's  residence,  near  Ipswich,  a  few  days  since  a  party  of  visitors  slaughtered  1700  head  of  various  game  in  one  day  !  No  fewer  than  nine  judges  have  taken  their  seats  on  the  Scottish  bench  since  the  beginning  of  the  year  1850.  Scottish  Press.  Dispatches  were  sent  off  last  evening  from  the  colonial  office  to  the  governors  of  Malta,  the  Falkland  islands,  and  the  lord  high  commissioner  of  the  lonian  islands.  Government  has  just  purchased  the  block  of  houses  in  Waterloo-place,  Edinburgh,  for  offices,  at  a  cost  of  about  10,0001.  Scotsman.  On  Wednesday  a  man  was  charged  with  bigamy  at  a  police  office  in  London,  and  being  remanded,  the  father  of  his  second  wife  was  bail  for  his  appearance.  OPrum.—The  quantity  of  opium  imported  in  the  first  ten  months  of  the  present  year  was  146,626  lbs.,  and  the  quan quantity  tity quantity  exported  was  73,670  lbs.  FOREIGN  LACE.—The  customs  authorities  have  ordered  that  the  regulations  of  an  existing  order  for  weighing  silk  ribbons  to  the  one-hundredth  part  of  a  pound  should  be  extended  to  lace.  _  _  COUNTERFEIT  COlN.—Three  persons  were  committed  to  prison  in  London  on  Wednesday,  for  having  in  their  posses possession  sion possession  moulds  for  counterfeiting  coin,  and  false  coin  prepared  for  currency.  There  was  an  electric  battery  on  the  premises.  SCOTCH  BAmurrs.—James  Cowan,  cabinetmaker,  and  upholsterer,  Glasgow.  James  Baillie  PenAer,  papermaker,  at  Lochmill,  county  of  Linlithgow.—Edinburgh  Gazette.  IMPORTATION  OF  FOREIGN  POTATOES.—There  is  no  duty  on  foreign  potatoes,  and  large  quantities  are  reported.  In  the  first  ten  months  of  this  year  as  many  as  924,494  cwt.  were  imported.  DEATH  OP  CAPTAIN  WARNER.—This  gentleman.  so  well  known  for  his  invention  of  what  was  popularly  termed  the  died  very  suddenly  this  woek,  having  been  a  day  previously  in  the  apparent  enjoyment  of  perfect  health.  REFORMERS'  FREEHOLD  LAND  SOCIETY.  --This  society  has  just  completed  the  purchase  of  an  estate  at  Muswell Muswellhill,  hill, Muswellhill,  five  minutes'  walk  from  the  station  at  Colney-hatch.  This  estate  is  to  confer  on  the  members  about  150  votes  for  the  county  of  Middlesex.  SHOPKEEPERS,  BEWARE.—A  clever  practitioner  in  th  art  of  passing  base  coin  is  now  in  town,  and  shopkeepers  had  better  look  to  the  change  which  they  receive  in  their  trans transactions  actions transactions  with  strange  parties.  Publicans,  especially,  should  act  on  this  caution.  UITIVERSITY  COLLEGE,  LONDON.—The  council,  at  their  session  on  Saturday  last,  by  the  recommendation  of  the  Faculty  of  Medicine  of  the  college,  awarded  the  Longridge  price  of  £4O  for  general  proficiency  in  medicine  and  surgery  to  Mr.  Frederick  William  Sayer,  of  Newport,  Isle  of  Wight.  said  one  fast-man,  yesterday,  to  another,  is  reported  that  you  left  the  East  on  account  of  your  belief— beliefan  an beliefan  itinerant  replied  Jim,  flattered  by  the  remark  ;  how's  that  Why,  a  police-officer  told  me  that  you  believed  everything  you  saw  belonged  to  you,-  and,  as  the  public  didn't,  you  left.  EXPENSIVE  GARMENT.  —The  Journal  of  Commerce  states  that  a  Russian  gentleman,  residing  in  New  York,  had  occasion,  not  long  since,  to  bring  to  this  country  his  over overcoat,  coat, overcoat,  which  was  lined  with  sable,  agreeably  to  Russian  costume,  and  the  duty  assessed  on  it  amounted  to  $7OO  —the  garment  having  been  appraised  at  something  like  $3,000.  WOMAN'S  RIGHTS.—A  marriage  ceremony  was  performed  at  Rochester,  on  the  15th,  by  the  Rev.  Antoinette  L.  Brown,  the  female  preaeher.  The  Union  says,  present  state  that  the  Rev.  Antoinette  went  through  with  the  ceremony  with  marked  grace  and  propriety,  omitting,  however,  all  allusion  to  the  primeval  LORD  ADOLPHUS  VANE  AT  DURIEHM.  —Pursuant  to  an  in invitation  vitation invitation  from  his  late  constituents,  Lord  Adolphus  Vane,  unseated  by  a  committee  of  t'ie  House  of  Commons  for  bribery  by  his  agents,  on  Tuesday  evening  met  about  350  of  his  late  constituents  at  a  dinner,  :n  the  magnificent  new  hall  in  Durham.  He  got  a  gold  snuff  box  in  the  evening  from  the  ladies.  Messrs.  Duncan  Dunbar,  and  Sons,  the  London  agents,  have  advertised  the  return  of  half  the  deposit  money  agreed  upon  at  the  meeting  in  Sydney  of  the  Great  Nugget  Gold  Vein  Mining  Company,  which  wo  annonnced  as  having  been  agreed  to  some  time  since.  The  accompanying  dividend  of  2s.  per  share  is  subject  to  a  reduction  of  2  per  cent.  for  premium  of  exchange.  UNION  FREEHOLD  LAND  SOCIETY.—On  Wednesday  night  a  public  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  at  Anderson's  hotel,  Fleet-street,  London.  Mr.  Barthgate,  the  chair chairman,  man, chairman,  said  the  estate  purchased  by  the  society  was  in  a  situa situation  tion situation  the  most  beautifulin  Middlesex,  near  Harrow,  and  on  a  suitable  house  being  built  on  each  allotment,  the  proprie proprietor  tor proprietor  or  his  nominee  will  be  entitled  to  a  first-class  free  pass,  by  railway  to  and  from  the  Euston  and  Harrow  station  for  eleven  years.  Resident  proprietors  would  also  be  entitled  to  a  presentation  to  Marrow•  school.  A  solicitor  from.  North  Wales,  named  John  Edward  Towne,  in  the  prime  of  life,  had  been  residing  at  the  Tavi Tavistock  stock Tavistock  Hotel  for  the  last  five  weeks.  On  Saturday  evening,  as  he  had  not  made  his  appearance  all  day,  the  proprietor  ordered  the  bed-room  to  be  ,  forced  open,  which  was  done,  and  deceased  was  found  lying  dead  in  bed,  with  a  stocking  and  one  of  his  braces  tied.  tightly  round  his  neck.  A  bloody  razor  was  lying  on  the  table,  .  with  which  he  had  cut  his  wrist,  exidently  with  the  intention  of  bleeding  himself  to  death.  A  FORGETFUL  BRIDEGROOM.—The  Boston  Traveller  tells  the  story  of  a  man  in  Massachusetts,  who  applied  to  the  proper  authorities,  a  few  days  since,  for  a  marriage  sertifi sertificate  cate sertificate  ;  but  upon  being  questioned,  he  had  forgotten  the  name  of  his  intended  bride.  After  some  time  - STYLE=superscript  spent  in  silent  thought,  he  remarked  that  the  lady  was  named  after  some  city  in  Massachusetts,  and  he  rather  believed  that  it  was  But  when  the  couple  stood  up  before  the,  clergyman,  the  lady,  with  a  reproachful  look  at  her  careless  love,  stated  that  her  name  was  Somerville.  He  must  have  been  deeply  engaged  the  day  before  in  preparing  for  the  election.  NAWAR  OF  SURAT.—Atnong  the  passengers  by  the  Ripon,  which  arrived  at  Southampton  on  Monday  with  the  India  and  China  mail,  were  several  persons  belonging  to  the  suite  of  the  Nawab  of  Surat.  The  Nawab  came  from  Bombay  to  Suez  in  the  East  India  Company's  steamer,  the  Ackbar,  and  in.  order  to  shorten  the  sea  voyage  to  England  as  much  as  possible  lie  proceeded  from  Alexandria  to  Trieste  in  the  Austrian  packet,  accompanied  by  several  of  his  friends  and  servants.  The  rest  of  his  suite  came  home  in  the  Ripon.  Surat  was  the  first  place  at  which  the  Mogul  Emperors  allowed  the  English  to  establish  a  factory  in  India.  The  principal  persons  in  Surat  were  fire  worshippers.  The.  Nawab's  servants  were  dressed  in  the  pictu picturesque  resque picturesque  costume  of  their  country;  one  of  them  smite  Erfglish  fluently.  and  grammatically.  They  cooked  for  themselves  on  board  the  Ripon.  The  only  thing  tliey  would  eat  which  had  been  touched  by  Christians  was  bread.  They  killed  the  fowl  , STYLE=superscript  they  ate,  and  cut  the  throats  of  the  sheep,  which  furnished  flesh•  for  their  own  table.  The  Nawab's  object  in  voting  England  is  to  prosecute  some  claim  which  he  has  on  the  British  government.  East  Lancashire  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY  EVENING.  The  position  of  the  bullion  market  at  this  mo moment  ment moment  engrosses  nine-tenths  of  the  public  attention.  The  value  .of  consols  is  measured  by  the  effiux  and  influx  of  the  precious  metals.  A  Russian  draft  for  a  miserable  balance  of  cash  in  hand,  for  the  sale  of  stock  for  by  some  woe-begone  lame  on  'Change,  is  enough  to  cause  a  de depreciation  preciation depreciation  off  to  I  per  cent.  on  the  floating  amount  of  our  national  securities.  Fortunately  the  amount  of  stock  actually  floating,  or  what  is  agreeable  to  jobbers,  becomes  less  every  year  in  proportion  to  the  individual  and  national  prosperity  of  Great  Britain.  In  1845-6,  the  amount  of  stock  held  by  persons  having  the  absolute  power  of  sale  and  pur purchase  chase purchase  was  estimated  at  14,000,000/.  only.  Since  that  period  large  sums  have  passed  into  the  hands  of  large  private  and  public  trusts,  and  thereby  cease  to  be  marketable.  Let  us  assume,  then,  that  within  the  last  seven  years  5,000,0001.  of  stock  have  been  taken  up  on  trust,  it  would  leave  but  9,000,0001.  floating  on  the  market.  Now,  the  great  evil  is,  that  the  less  the  public  have  to  do  with  the  public  stocks  the  greater  power  the  wily  jobber  has  over  the  market.  The  purchase  or  sale  of  a  few  thousand  -pounds  worth  of  stocks  is  enough  to  lower  or  advance  the  quotations  of  the  day  by  quite  per  cent,  and  in  order  to  carry  out  their  object,  the  exports  and  imports  of  bullion  are  used  as  lt,  therefore,  behoves  those  whose  money  is  invested  in  trade  and  commerce  to  see  what  connection  exists  between  the  value  of  a  commercial  bill  of  exchange  and  a  government  security  of  equal  amount.  The  former  represents  an  actual  transaction—goods  sold  and  delivered— deliveredthe  the deliveredthe  latter  is  a  mere  promise  to  pay,  the  fulfilment  of  which  depends  on  a  thousand  political  conse consequences.  quences. consequences.  Here,  none  but  the  most  expert  gam gamblers  blers gamblers  could  decide  the  comparative  value  of  the  two  securities.  And  it  is  by  this  gambling  deci decision  sion decision  that  our  Stock  markets  are  ruled.  In  fixing  on  the  imports,  and  exports  of  bullion  as  the  pivot  on  which  the  price  of  stocks  are  to  revolve,  the  jobbers  are  rather  unfortunate.  At  the  present  moment,  Australia  may  be  said  to  owe  England  10,000,0001.  This  amount  is  represented  by  bills  which  range  from  three  days'  sight  to  twelve  months'  date.  Now,  as  far  as  these  bills  have  gone,  and  they  amount  to  many  millions,  for  the  last  two  years  we  have  not  had  one  defalcation.  And  we  •find  the  gold  fields—the  actual  source  from  which  they  have  paid—promise  daily  to  be  more  prolific  than  ever.  This  fact  cannot  be  disputed  even  by  the  organs  of  the  great  bullionist  Bears  of  Threadneedle-street.  And  when  we  turn,  to  America,  we  find  precisely  the  same  state  of  things.  When  we  announce  the  arrival,  week  after  week;  of  half  a  million,  or  a  million,  of  dollars,  the  general  exclamation  Oh!  this  cannot  last.  America  must  have  her  gold  back  We  feel  for  those  who  sell  their  Console  and  bona  fide  Railway  Stock  under  such  an  ina7  pression.  -  The  fact  is,  that  while  America  is  send sending  ing sending  us  so  many  hundred  thousands  of  dollars  per  month,  she  is  receiving  near  as  many  millions.  By  the  four  last  packets  she  has  sent  us  about  1,583,358  dots.,  while,  in  the  meantime,  she  has  received  from  California  in  the  month  of  September,  4,340,573  dollars.  At  this  rate  it  will  take  many  years  to  exhaust  the  States  of  their  bullion  ;  and  when  we  hear  of  nuggets  of  1141bs.  weight  in  Australia,  surely  the  bullion  imports  and  exports  can  be  no  just  cause  for  the  and  we  notice  daily  in  the  value  of  our  public  securities.  Gold  must  come  to  this  country,  and  ac account,  count, account,  based  upon  this  fact  must  succeed,  and  the  must  suffer,  whether  they  sit  in  the  parlour  of  the  Bank  of  England  or  on  the  side  of  our  own  local  Share  Market.  Consols  varied  so,  much  to-day,  that  we  can  only  quote  the  closing  prices  948  to  95k.  After  official  hours  they  were  done  at  941  er  divdend.  Reduced  95a  to  94*.  New  Three-and-a-Quarter  per  Cents.,  971,  971.  India  Bonds,  is,  to  4s.  ,  prem.  Exche Exchequer  quer Exchequer  Bills,  ss.  to  Bs.  prem.,  Bank  Stock  higher,  2194.  220.  The  Foreign  Stock  Market  was  flat  again  to-day,  and  nearly  all  the.  quotations  were  lower  than  yesterday,  with  the  exception  of  Spanish,  which  are  a  shade  higher.  The  Share  Market  was  active,  and  prices  were  well  supported.  London  and  North  Westerns,  103.  Great  Westerns,  84.  Luxembourgs,  108  101.  Namur  and  Liege,  8-1.  Mines  were  flat.  Australian  Agricultural  Company,  46  47.  Peel  River,  1  prem.;  South  Australian  Land,  38  1 STYLE=superscript  .  Scot Scottish  tish Scottish  Australian;  la  prem.  N.  B.  Australi  a  .,  %.  pr  em.  Crystal  Palace,  2*  prem.  The  following  are  the  official  Railway  Traffic  returns  for  the  week  :  Corresponding  ENGLISH  LINES.  1853.  weeklast  year.  Bristol  and  Exeter  ...  £4,261  £3,869  Cheshire  Junction  ...  ...  1,692  1,407  Chester  and  Holyhead  ...  3,480  3,108  4,379  4,313  Great  Northern  ...  ...  17,216  13,994  Great  Western  ...  19,156  15,659  Kendal  and  Windermere  ...  159  106  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  ...  16,970  16,558  London  and  Brighton  ...  10,519  8,992  London  and  North-Western...  45,530  42,076  London  and  South-Western...  9,871  8,527  Manchester,  Sheffield,  &amp;c.  ...  7,802  6,164  Midland  -  ...  23,853  -  22,265  Newcastle-npon-Tyne  . STYLE=superscript  ...  2,735  2,482  Oxford  and  Worcester  ...  2,149  630  South  Eastern  ...  12,307  11,103  South  Yorkshire  Shrewgbury  and  Chester  ...  1,571  1,514  Shrewsbury  and  Birmingham  728  726  Shropshire  Union  ...  -  ...  562  603  West  Hartlepool  ...  ...  1,892  1,832  York,  Berwick,  and  North  Midland  •••  ...  25,238  23,946  •  IRISH  LINES.  Belfast  and  Ballymena  ...  676  620  Belfast  and  County  Down  ...  190  190  Cork  and  Bandon  ...  ...  193  181  Great  Southern  and  Western.  5,110  4,551  Londonderry  and  Enniskillen  416  369  Londonderry  and  Coleraine...  195  Ulster  ...  •••  ...  ...  1,172  1,120  SCOTCH  LINES.  Aberdeen  ...  ...  ...  1,884  1,670  Caledonian  and  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow  •••  14,628  13,306  Dundee,  Perth,  and  Aberdeen  701  693  Glasgow  and  South-Western  4,577  3,926  North  British  ...  4,031  3,693  Scottish  Central  an  I  Scottish  Midland  ...  •••  ...  2,738  2,480  FORE  IGN.  Namur  and  Liege  ...  ...  1,681'  1,338  In  the  Manchester  Market  an  improved  feeling  was  observable  to-day,  both  for  goods  and  yarns,  and  12's  to  24's  water  twist  especially,  are  in  more  request  than  they  were  a  week  Nto.  Spinners  of  mule  yarns,  for  India,  are  rather  firmer,  though  no  heavy  purchases  .  are.  being  made,  and,  therefore,  without  bffering.any  further  concession  to  induce  purchases,  they  willingly  accept  orders  at  the  prices  current  last  week.  The  same  remarks  will  apply  to  India  shirtings,  and,  on  the  whole,  the  general  expectation  is,  that  on  the  turn  of  the  year  a  fair  business  'will  spring  up.  The  only  branches  of  the  trade  which  are  not  improved  are  in  fine  numbers  and  •  doubled  yarns;  for  the  former  of  which  lower  prices  have  been  accepted,  and  the  latter,  though  not  quotably  lower  are  still  dull  of  sale.  The  Manchester  Share  Market  continues  active,  with  a  large  amount  of  business.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshires  closed  at  68.  East  Lancashires,  161.  Caledonians,  28  7-16.  Midlands,  64.  Sheffields,  24  to  241.  Blackburns,  5  9-16.  The  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  shows  no  change  again  to-day,  except  in  the  amount  of  sales,  which  amounted  to  6,000  bales,  of  which  1,000  were  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export.  Our  Share  Market  was  very  firm  to-day,  closing  again  at  its  best"
