text
"LOSS  OF  THE  SCREW  STEAMER  WITH  ABOVE  TWO  HUNDRED  SOULS,  On  Thursday  afternoon  a  rumour  was  yery  current  in  the  town  of  Hull,  that  the  Marshall,  a  steam  screw-ship  of  300  tons,  belonging  to  the  Elbe-Humber  Steam  N  - STYLE=superscript  aviga-,  tion  Company,  and  trading  between  Hull  and  Hamburgh,'  was  lost,  with  a  large  number  of  souls  on  board.  The  Marshall  left  Hamburgh  on  Saturday  evening  week.  and  the  Elbe  on  Sunday.  She  had  .on  board  a  large  and.  valuable  cargo,  and  upwards  of  150  emigrants,  besides  her  crew,  about  18  in  number.  She  should,  in  the  ordinary  course  of.  events,  have  arrived  in  Hull  on  Monday  evening,  but  up  to  3  p.m.  on  Friday  sl  . STYLE=superscript  .e  had  not  made  her  appearance.  On  Wednesday  one  of  her  boats  was  picked  up  in  the  North  Sea  by  a  fishing-smack,  named  the  Flirt,  and  it  has  been  brought  . STYLE=superscript  to  Hull  and  landed.  The  crew  .of  the  bark  Woodhouse,  Captain  Gatgens,  from  Stockholm,  state  that  bet  Ween  ten  and  eleven  o'clock  on  Monday  night  last,  the  weather  at  the  time  - STYLE=superscript  being  very  thick  and  the  night  very  dark,  a  screw screwsteamer  steamer screwsteamer  came  in  collision  with  their  vessel  near  the  Newsand  Float,  just  as  she  was  making  for  the  Humber.  They  further  state  that  they  hailed  the  steamer,  and  asked  her  name,  but  no  reply  was  given  ;  and  it  is  therefore  supposed  that  she  must  have  gone  down  head  foremost,  and  that  the  passengers,  who  would  be  in  their  berths  below  at  the  time  of  the  collision  met  with  a  watery  grave.  The  steamer  first  struck  the  Woodhouse  on  the  bow,  and  then  swinging  round  caught  her  on  the  stern.  In  making  some  repairs  im immediately  mediately immediately  after  the  collision,  a  young  man,  named  Edward  Burn  belonging  to  the  Woodhouse,  fell  overboard  and  was  drowned.  It  is  reported  that  the  crew  of  a  Prussian  vessel,  which  has  arrived  at  Hull,  had  heard  on  Monday  night  cries  of  distress  from  a  vessel  at  sea.  At  the  time  mentioned,  between  ten  and  eleven  o'clock,  the  Prussian  had  a  narrow  escape  from  collision  with  a  paddle-wheel  steam-ship  from  the  south.  The  Hull  News  of  Saturday  publishes  the  following  ac account:  count: account:  —lt  is  with  great  regret  that  we  have  to  record  the  probable  loss  of  another  Hull  steamer,  accompanied  by,  it  is  to  be  feared,  a  most  lamentable  loss  of  life.  The  Marshall  is  a  screw  steamer,  belonging  to  the  Elbe-  Humber  Steam  Navigation  Company,  and  traded  between  this  port  and  Hamburg,  from  which  latter  place  she  sailed  on  Saturday  last,  with  a  large  and  valuable  cargo,  and  as  it  is  thought,  above  one  hundred  and  ninety  emigrants.  It  seems  that  the  steamer  got  out  of  the  Elbe  on  Sunday,  and  was  due  in  Hull  on  Monday  evening,  when  she  would  have  arrived  here  in  the  ordinary  course  of  her  voyages.  Between  ten  and  eleven  o'clock  on  Monday  night,  the  Woodhouse,  Captain  Gatgens,  was  making  the  Humber  on  a  return  voyage  from  Stockholm,  laden  chiefly  with  iron  and  deals,  and  had  reached,  as  was  supposed,  within  about  three  miles  of  the  Newsand  Float,  off  Spurn,  when  she  was  struck  in  collision—violent  and,  sudden—by  a  screw  steamer.  The  night  was  very  dark,  and  the  weather  at  the  time  excessively  thick.  From  the  statement  ,of  the  men  on  board  the  Woodhouse,  we  learn  that  their  ship  was  first  struck  on  the  bow,  and  then  almost  immediately  afterwards  on  the  stern.  She  suffered  considerable  injury  both  in  her  keel  and  on  the  starboard  bow.  Of  course  all  was  confusion  on  board  the  Woodhouse,  and  an  exclama exclamation  tion exclamation  wos  made  that  the  vessel  was  sinking,  to  which  a  reply  was  given  from  the  deck  of  the  steamer,  that  the  crew  of  the  other  were  to  come  on  board.  At  the  same  time  inquiries  were  made  as  to  the  name  of  the  steamer,  but  in  the  noise  and  confusion,  any  reply,  if  reply  was  given,  could  not  .  be  heard.  The  vessels  immediately  parted,  and  the  steamer  was  seen  no  more,  and  the  '`Woodhouse  set  about  repairing  damages,  as  it  was  not  exactly  known,  what  damage  she  had  sustained.  in  the  course  of  thiS  work,  we  regret'  to  add  that  the  Woodhouse  lost  one  of  her  hands  ;  Edward  Binns,  a  young  man,  while  at  work  on  one  of  the  chains,  fell  overboard  and  was  drowned.  The  ship  brought  up  in  the  Hull  roads  on  'Wednesday  night.  There  is  to  much  reason,  to  fear  that  , STYLE=superscript  the  Marshall  has  gone  down  with  all  hands.  Her  non-arrival  here,  and  the  entire  absence  of  information  as  to  her  having  put  in  else--  where,  present  every  reason  for  supposing  that  she  had  gone  to  the  bottom.  And  this  supposition  is  confirmed,  if  the  loss  is  not  clearly  proved,  by  the  fact  that  the  fishing-smack  Flirt,  which  arrived  in  Hull,  on  Thursday,  brought  with  her  a  boat  which  she  had  picked  up.  When  about  fifteen  miles  off  Dimlington,  the  crew  of  the  smack  descried  a  boat  water-logged  floating  about,  and,  on  securing  it,  they  found  that  it  bore  the  name  of  the  Marshall.  The  gratings,  oars  and  crutches  of  the  boat  were  washed  away.  The  same  paper  adds,  if  our  information  be  correct,  she  must  had  nearly  210  souls  on  board,  as  we  are  informed  that  the  number  of  emigrants  was  upwards  of  190.  One  of  the  river  steamers  has  gone  down  to  Spurn,  with  experienced  persons  on  board,  if  possible  to  arrive  at  any  certain  opinion  of  this  calamity.  [We  learn  ft:OM  a  gentleman  of  this  town,  a  near  relative  to  Mr.  Cortis,  the  agent  at  Hull  to  the  company  to  which  the  belonged,  and  who  was  at  that  port  yester yesterday  day yesterday  (Sunday),  that  there  is  now  not  the  slightest  doubt  that  the  is  lost.  Two  steamers  had  be,,n  dispatched  from  Hull,  with  a  view  of  making  a  search  for  the  vessel  or  any  of  the  crew.  The  left  Hamburgh  on  the  29th  ult.  We  are  also  informed  that  the  above  accounts.  as  to  the  number'  of  emigrants  on  board  the  ill-fated  vessel,  are  much  exaggerated,  as  it  is  very  rare,  particularly  at  this  sea season  son season  of  the  year,  that  the  Hamburgh  vessels  have  put  a  large  number  on  board.  The  usual  number  is  between  20  and  30.]  i  1  /~  ~1"
