text
"et(  ttration.  WEST  DERBY  SCHOOL,  RAYMAN'S  GREEN,  WEST  DERBY,  CONDUCTED  BY  THE  REY,  A.  RAMSAY,  M.A.,  Trinity  College,  Cambridge,  (With  the  assistance  of  able  and  experienced  Masters  in  every  department).  The  SCHOOL  WILL  BE  RE-OPENED,  on  TUESDAY.  the  sgth  instant.  Mr.  Ramsay  has  at  present  vacancies  for  three  Boarders.  DANCING  AND  CALISTHENICS.  MESSRS.  DUGIT  CAD  E  ft  MARTINES  s  follows  R  E  -  0  P  E  N  their  A  :--  DUKE-STREET  (No.  104)  DEVON  - STYLE=superscript  STREET  (No.  1)  rRA  VEN-ROOM  9  t  Woo  side)  ....  Rocx,WEitair  (Royal  Hotel)  ..  Wednesday,  Jan.  30.  At  the  usual  hours.  Private  Lessons  as  usual.  Evening  cIasses—THURSDAYS  and  SATURDAYS,  at  Eight  o'clock.  TETLEY'S  EAST  INDIA  PALE  ALE.—  The  attention  of  Hotel  Keepers,  and  of  the  Trade  generally  in  Liverpool,  is  respectfully  invited  to  TETLEY'S  EAST  I  v  DIA  PALE  ALE,  which  has  established  a  first-rate  reputation  in  the  Metropolis,  and  will  be  found  to  compare  advantageously  both  in  Quality  and  pric,  with  the  finest  brands,  without  exception,  to  be  found  in  the  market.  Reference  is  requested  to  the  following  Extracts  from  Professor  Mus  ,, STYLE=superscript  ratt's  Work  on  Chemistry,  noticed  in  the  Glasgow  Herald,  August  28th,  1854  :  Chemistry.  Theoretical,  Practical,  and  Analytical,  as  applied  to  the  Arts  and  Manufactures.  By  Dr.  Muspratt,  F.R.S.E  ,  M.R.I.A.  Parts  6to  9  inclusive.  Glasgow  :  William  Mackenzie.  The  following  extract  upon  a  popular  subject  may  be  interesting  to  our  readers  :  or  East  India  Ale  is  nothing  more  than  beer  made  from  worts  extracted  from  the  palest  malt  and  boiled  with  the  palest  and  best  hops.  Every  attention  is  given  to  the  selection  of  these  materials,  in  order  to  ensure  the  pale  colour  peculiar  to  this  ale.  only  localities  where  this  excellent  beverage  is  produced  in  large  quantities  are  Burton,  London,  Glasgow,  and  Leeds.  In  the  latter  place  a  very  lar  k  e  quantity  of  Pale  Ale  has  for  some  years  been  brewed  by  Messrs.  Tetley  and  Son.  The  pecu'iar  excellence  of  the  ales  of  the  Messrs.  Tetley,  like  those  of  Burton—both  of  the  later  of  which  were  analysed  by  the  editor,  as  also  the  waters  used  in  their  preparation—is  their  remarkable  keeping  quality,  and  their  retention  of  that  deli delicate  cate delicate  flavour  of  the  hops,  so  often  lost  by  the  pale  ale  brewer,  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  his  utmost  efforts  to  secure  it.  This,  of  course,  arises  from  the  near  approach  made  in  their  practice  to  the  theory,  that  a  low  fermenting  heat  can  alene  preserve  the  beer  from  the  simul simultaneous  taneous simultaneous  formation  of  the  acetic  acid  with  the  alcohol,  and  their  recognition  of  the  fact  that  72°  Fohr.  is  the  highest  degree  of  heat  that  can  be  depended  upon.  Brewing,  it  is  well  known,  has  been  long  carried  on  in  Bavaria  on  these  principles;  but  hitherto  there  has  existed  an  insuperable  objection  to  their  adoption  by  the  more  extensive  firms  of  this  country,  on  account  of  the  great  length  of  time  required  for  perfect  attenuation.  This  difficulty,  however,  wou'd  appear  to  be  at  length  overcome,  the  fermentations  being  now  finished  in  as  short  a  time  as  by  the  old  mode  :  the  hop  flavour  s  also  preserved,  and  indeed  it  may  be  safely  asserted  that  its  de  is  Cate  aroma  is  never  more  surely  destroyed  than  by  high  and  tur turbulent  bulent turbulent  fermentation.  This  new  process  of  brewing  pale  ale  has  also  the  advantage  of  affording  greater  pu,  ity  of  fragrance,  it  being  well  known  that  the  dissolution  of  balm  by  alcohol,  the  result  of  which  may  often  be  detected  by  the  yeasty  flavour  of  the  ale,  is  much  accelerated  by  high  temperatures.  Good  water,  es  previously  stated,  is  indispen indispensable  sable indispensable  in  a  brewery,  for  sound  ale  cannot  be  brewed  with  water  not  adapted  for  the  purpose.  The  water  at  the  brewery  of  Messrs.  Tetley  is  similar  in  constitution  to  the  Burton  water,  as  will  beseen  on  reference  to  the  analysis  of  it,  by  the  editor,  at  page  The  fact  of  these  Ales  successfully  competing  with  the  very  finest  brands  may  be  substantiated  by  reference  to  the  number  of  first-ela  - STYLE=superscript  s  hor4  es  in  London,  to  which  it  is  supplied.  A  list  of  them  will  be  furnished,  on  application  to  the  Liverpool  agent,  of  whom  a  list  can  also  be  procured  of  the  leading  houses  in  the  provinces,  where  DIT3LIN  Tet;ey's  Pale  Ale  may  be  obtained,  either  in  bottle  or  in  draught.  The  Brewery,  Leeds•  LIST  OF  STORES.  LONDON...  ••  lee,  Upper  Tharres-street  •  YORK  MANCHESTER  26,  Blackfriars.  BIRMINGHAM  ....  Castle-Itreet.  .  •  •  ...60,  Middle  Abbey-street.  LIVERPOOL  ....•  ...3,  Exchange-street  West.  SOLE  A  GENT  IN  LIVERPOOL,  M STYLE=superscript  R.  W  d;  DORRINGTO  N  ,  k  6)  Istount  J.omi-STREET."
