text
"Vie  to  t  ..iieged  unseaworthiness  of  their  ulicienteomplernent  of  able  The  first  of  theSe  objections  is  in  ‘ll  founded,  more  especially  at  'great  and  sudden  increase  of  '-s  and  elsewhere  has  led  to  When  the  ny  ships  being  taken  up  for  servic(  its  of  which  they  are  quite  unequal  ienecd  men  S  to  the  require  The  number  of  ployed  in  ships  is  also  at  present  men  belonzing  to  twenty-seven  rxtrts  ,.  ha•%e  lately  signed  a  memorial  to  the  recomm  lowing  t  this  state  of  thi  e  We  hum  ai  tit  fut  . STYLE=superscript  Oom  - STYLE=superscript  tr  s,  mates,  car  ,  uoing,  protect  the  helpless  emigrant.  Your  memorialists  do  not  ask  that  owners  shall  keep  their  vessels  in  port.  They  only  ask  to  be  relieved  from  their  engagement  if  a  vessel  is  proved  to  be  unseaworthy,  and  that  other  seamen  may  take  their  berths,  and  venture  their  lives,  if  they  so  As  to  the  equity  and  legality  of  the  seamen's  claim  for  sea seaworthy,  worthy, seaworthy,  and  properly-manned,  ships,  the  Queen's  Advo Advocate-General,  cate-General, Advocate-General,  the  Attorney-General,  and  the  Solicitor-  General  have  given  the  following  opinion  1.  We  are  of  opinion  that  there  is  an  implied  condition  on  the  part  of  the  shipowner  that  the  ship  shall  be  seaworthy.  2.  And  that  if  the  ship  is  not  seaworthy,  and  the  seaman  refuses  to  go  to  sea  in  her  on  that  ground,  he  cannot  be  treated  as  a  deserter  or  punished  under  the  enactment  referred  to.  But  the  burden  of  proof  will  lie  on  the  seaman  ;  he  must  establish  the  unseaworthiness  of  the  vessel.  3.  If  the  seaman  apprehended  for  desertion  alleges  the  unseaworthiness  of  the  ship  in  his  defence,  it  will  be  the  duty  of  the  court  which  bears  the  case  to  examine  into  the  question,  as  it  would  into  any  other  disputed  question  of  fact  that  might  arise  before  it  ;  and  it  must  dispose  of  the  question  on  such  evidence  as  may  be  laid  before  it,  bearing  in  mind,  as  we  have  before  said,  that  the  burden  of  proof  is  on  the  seaman.  4.  We  think  that  the  seaman  is  justified  in  refusing  to  go  to  sea  in  the  ship  on  the  ground  of  her  unseaworthiness,  and  may  maintain  an  action  to  recover  his  effects  if  detained.  5.  On  the  authority  of  the  case  '  Priestly  v.  Fowles'  (3  M.  and  W.,  p.  1),  we  are  of  opinion  that  a  seaman  proceeding  to  sea  in  an  unseaworthy  ship,  and  sustain sustaining  ing sustaining  injury  in  consequence,  could  not  maintain  an  action  and  would  be  without  a  remedy  against  the  owner.  6.  We  are  of  opinion  that  there  is  an  implied  condition  on  the  part  of  the  owner  that  the  ship  shall  be  manned  by  a  crew  sufficient  to  navigate  her  with  reasonable  safety;  and  that  if  she  be  not  so  manned,  the  conse consequences  quences consequences  will  be  the  same  as  though  the  ship  was  unsea 'unseaworthy.'  4/iee  - STYLE=superscript  n,  set-  IT  for  redress.  our  Majesty  will  he  propriety  of  ipvvrights,  of  a  ship,  the  n  unseaworthy  vessel,  or  her  equiprnen  THE  SpEAKEusuir.—'We  learn  from  a  quarter  which  we  have  every  reason  to  think  well  informed  that  Mr.  Shaw  Lefevre  has  no  intention  as  yet  of  tendering  his  resignation  of  the  Speakership.  The  Court  of  Directors  of  the  East  India  Company  pur purpose  pose purpose  to  invite  Sir  George  Pollock  to  sit  for  his  picture  to  be  hung  up  in  the  Examination-hall  at  Addiscombe.  Mr.  Grant  is  the  artist  selected.  Queen  Maria  Christina  is  about  to  marry  her  second  daughter  to  Prince  del  Drago,  the  heir  to  a  considerable  fortune.  It  is  this  princess  who  was  on  the  point  of  espousing  Prince  Corsini,  son  of  Count  de  Casigliano,  Tuscan  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs,  but  the  prince  died  while  the  preparations  were  going  on.  BERLIN,  JANUARY  15.—Several  Princes  of  the  Ger Germanic  manic Germanic  Confederation  are  about  to  assemble  here.  The  Prince  Regent  of  the  Grand  Duchy  of  Baden,  the  Grand  Duke  of  Saxe  Weimar,  and  the  Hereditary  Prince  Presumptive  of  Anhalt  Dessau,  will  arrive  to tomorrow.  morrow. tomorrow.  The  Prince  of  Helenlohe  arrived  this  day  from  Vienna.  THE  PRUSSIAN  MERCHANT  NAVY.  —An  official  return  jest  published  at  Stettin  shows  that  the  merchant  navy  of  Prussia  at  the  beginning  of  the  present  year  consisted  of  900  vessels,  of  139,368  tons  burden,  which  is  13  vessels  and  3,275  tons  more  than  at  th  e  corresponding  period  of  last  year.  In  the  course  of  l  ast  year  67  vessels  were  built,  b  ut  SO  others  were  lost  an  d  14  sold.  Illessenger.  or  Miss  HINDS.-Seven  persons  have  been  gin],  charged  with  being  concerned  in  the  ti  one  exception,  the  est  They  are,  A  man  Vltirphy,  from  the  county  cipal,  and  Thotna3.Duna.  irator  and  concoctor  of  th  of  Leitrim,  .is  ac acs  s acs  charged  _as  beine  the  chief  cc  bolical  offe;  AMWAY  EEFORM  —WO  perceiv(  from  a  .public  an  nouncement,  that  a*  a  preliminary  interested  in  railway  property,  it  was.  highly  expedient  to  call  a  public  m  ee  t  take  into  consideration  the  seriously  their  property;  and  especially  to  consi  propounded,  which  it  is  confidently  further  depreci  of  gentienaen  that  it  is  areholders  to  ,eiated  value  of  a  plan  then  to  be  ved  will  arrest  ,  and  speedily  place  railway  property  in  In  raccorddrice  with  this  resolution,  a  meeting  will  be  held  at  the  London  Tavern,  on  Tuesday  next,  the  22nd  instant.  healthy  có"
