text
"r.  Woodruff:  - STYLE=superscript  His  character  is  being  investigated  by  the  committee—  The  Chairman  :  We  have  talked  quite  enough  upon  the  matter.  Mr.  Woodruff  His  impeachment  of  me  for  partizan partizanship,  ship, partizanship,  coming,  as  it  does,  from  such  a  source,  will  receive  from  the  public  very  little  reliance.  The  Chairman  :  Let  us  discuss  the  question  upon  its  merits,  whether  the  letter  is  to  be  suppressed  or  not.  (Cries  of  Hear,  hear,  and  vote,  vote  )  Mr.  Luff  said,  That  as  the  gentleman  did  not  attend,  but  chose  to  write  that  long  document,  and  after  the  vestry  had  given  the  matter  to  the  committee  to  enquire  into,  he  thought  it  only  just  that  the  committee  should  have  the  document  first,  and  let  them  report  upon  it.  Mr.  Whitty  :  I  cannot  think  it  would  bps  fair  to  the  writer  letter  to  hand  over  to  a  special  committee  a  document  which  was  not  intended  for  a  committee,  but  for  the  board.  Mr.  Owen  :  Mr.  Dignan  has  been  apparently  attacked  at  this  board,  and  he  ought  to  be  heard  in  self-defence,  either  in  writing  or  person.  The  vestry  finally  divided,  when  there  appeared  :  For  reading  the  letter  :  Messrs.  Woodruff,  Shaw,  Rawle,  Chesney,  Bairstow,  Gardner,  J.  Jones,  Owen,  Whitty  nine.  Against  :  Messrs.  Bradley,  Denton,  Lull,  Mellor,  Satchel!,  Wensley—six.  The  Clerk  accordingly  read  the  letter,  wnich  was  as  follows  :  MR.  BRADLEY'S  PHOTOGRAPH  TO  THE  CHAIRMAN  OF  THE  SELECT  VESTRY.  Rev.  Sir,—J  received  recently  an  official  notice  from  the  Aerk,  requesting  me  to  attend  one  of  your  committees,  ie  purpose  of  explaining  a  passage  in  my  defensive  letter  of  c.  20,  written  in  reply  to  a  vindictive  attack  made  on  me  ie  same  day  by  Mr.  Bradley,  in  the  Select  Vestry,  where  I  had  no  opportunity  of  confronting  my  assailant,  and  which  letter  appeared  in  all  the  Liverpool  journals  of  the  following  The  challenged  passage  stands  I  am  not  Je  belief  that  a  considerable  number  of  Mr.  z  , STYLE=superscript  supporters  in  Vauxhall.ward  are  the  recipients  of  out-door  relief,  at  the  expellee  of  the  struggling  rate-payers  Vestry  C  AlthoUgh  I  declined  to  attend  the  committee,  for  reasons  to  be  explained  hereafter,  I  am  happy  to  be  afforded  the  oppor oppor.  . oppor.  stating  what  induced  me  to  form  the  belief  expressed  sentence  which  I  have  quoted.  First,  —lt  was  proved  before  a  special  committee  of  the  in  November,  1853,—tw0  years  back,—that  `tempted  to  corrupt  an  elector  of  Vauxball•ward,  .:ring  him  the  remission  of  his  water  tits  Municipal  vote;  and  that  when  Stop Stop.est  .est Stop.est  man,  refused  the  bribe,  Mr.  Bradley,  fears.  threatened  to  distrain  upon  his  goods  for  e  through  the  medium  of  the  corporate  investigatd  and  probed  to  the  b  o  tt  om  b  y  t  h  e  committee  e STYLE=superscript  f  a STYLE=superscript  t  he  council,  e STYLE=superscript  which  consisted  of  the  most  influential  and  honourable  members  of  that  body.  Of  this  committee  Mr.  john  Brarnley-Moore,  the  present  member  for  Maldon,  was  the  chairman  ;  and  on  the  committee  were  Mr.  George  Holt,  Mr.  Hugh  Hornby,  Mr.  ner,  M  r  .  S  amuel  Holme,  and  other  mebers  of  the  co  Tur-  uncil,  whose  public  and  private  characters  are  guarantees  for  the  ruth  and  justic  e  of  their  decision.  This  committee,  so  )nstituted,  arrived,  UNANIMOUSLY,  at  the  conclusion,  that  -barge  against  Mr.  Bradley  was  clearly  and  indisputably  tunityo  of  the  r  rious  cha  Second.  r  Melllt  tie  same  year  Mr.  Bradley  was  charged  by  a  )f  the  Town  Council,  i  n  hi  s  own  presence,  in  tber,  with  haring  attempted  to  corrupt  two  or  1  in  the  same  ward,  at  the  municipal  election,  his  position  in  tie  Parish  office.  Writhing  spirit  of  a  whipped  Ay  for  protection,  and  cal  meeting  of  that  body,  3tantially  followed  rustic  coroner's  jury,  which,  having  to  -nce  of  manslaughter,  returned  a  Df  that  da  the  report  'ed  that  they  subs"
