text
"here,  freely  Dr  acquiescence  in,  lairs  in  be  the  case,  the  per  to  receive  Government  le  Government  of  lself  thus  urn  to  Light  whateve.  tatter  onger  left  rho  a  There  however  ily  canvasse  ners  if  Nothings  f  employed  !  citizens.  The  real  intent  and  meaning  of  Messrs.  KINNY  and  WALKER  is  simply  to  create  petty  Republics  in  Central'America,  from  which  expedi expeditions  tions expeditions  against  Cuba  and  San  Domingo  might  be  undertaken,  for  the  purpose  of  extending  the  lominion  of  slavery  and  perpetuating  that  most  tholical  national  sin.  There  can  be  no  doubt  on  this  head;  and  the  Government  of  America  may  have  discovered  in  good  time  that  this  is  a  subject  on  which  the  Free-Soilers,  Aboli Abolitionists,  tionists, Abolitionists,  and  Know-  el  quite  as  keenly  xe  do  in  this  country,  and  that  it  is  a  of  too  vast  a  magnitude  to  be  tate  the  public  mind  is  to  know  that  he  American  s  they  have  entered  into  to  be  violated.  nnexation  of  Cuba  is  purely  a  pro-slavery  )n,  and  the  subjugation  of  the  free  negro  tion  of  San  Domingo  would  be  an  outrage  nanity,  which  Heaven  itself  would  scarcely  These  subjects  must,  therefore,  become  with  , STYLE=superscript  kmerica  matters  for  internal  discussion,  in  which,  xe  may  rest  assured,  the  conduct  of  Cabinets  will  ed,  and  the  objects  of  party  If  the  present  filibustering  propensities  of  a  few  pro-slavery  adventurers  should  be  suffered  to  go  much  further,  they  will  speedily  precipitate  a  Ministerial  crisis  at  Washington.  The  Know-Nothing  movement  has  led  to  extra-  ordinary  equanimity  in  Congress,  which  an  extension  of  slavery  agitation  would  quickly  demolish,  when  it  might  be  found  that  there  are  under  the  Know-Nothing  standard  a  far  greater  number  of  Abolitionists  and  Free-soilers,  than  the  slavers  have  any  idea  of.  But,  on  locking  at  the  general  tenour  of  the  news  last  received,  and  the  changed  phase  in  which  the  Nicaraguan  and  Cuban  affairs  appear,  we  have  good  reason  to  congratulate  ourselves  that  they  henceforth  bid  fair  to  cause  much  more  domestic  disquietude  in  America  than  uneasiness  in  foreign  countries.  The  American  Government  will,  as  we  have  all  along  contended,  act  coolly  and  moderately  ;  and  will  neither;allow  the  citizens  of  the  States,  nor  those  of  any  other  country,  to  take  upon  themselves  the  exercise  of  supreme  power,  and  the  abrogation  of  treaties  entered  into  by  those  entrusted  with  the  destinies  of  the  Union.  TO-DAY  the  Council  meet  specially,  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  Report  published  by  the  Gas  Committee,  and  the  of  the  Company;  and  the  public  will  feel  no  small  anxiety  to  know  how  the  Corporation  will  deal  with  the  finding  of  a  committee  of  their  own  members.  They  have  not  yet  adopted  the  Committee's  Report,  and  therefore  the  Report  and  Rejoinder  will  be  brought  up  at  the  same  time  ;  and  as  both  cannot  be  sanctioned,  one  or  other  must  be  laid  aside  as  incorrect  and  unsustainable.  Mr.  Alderman  BENNETT  will  be  sure  to  endorse  the  Company's  assertion,  that  meters  is  very  likely  to  destroy  their  accuracy  ;  and  Mr.  SAMUEL  HOLME  will  doubtless  contend  the  Company  were  quite  right  in  carrying  their  pipes  into  suburban  dis districts,  tricts, districts,  such  as  Mosley  Hill,  where  there  are  certainly  not  more  than  twenty  consumers.  are  others  in  the  Council  who,  though  not  Gas  Directors,  are  large  share shareholders,  holders, shareholders,  and  have  property  in  suburban  districts  who  will  also  support  the  Company  in  all  they  ive  said.  But,  who  will  defend  the  Committee's  Report,  and  stand  by  the  till  of  the  Gas  consumer  and  the  pocket  of  the  ratepayer  ?  The  defenders  of  monopoly  will  contend  that  all  we  have  heard  and  written  is  false  ;  that  Liverpool  has  better  and  cheaper  light  than  any  other  town  in  the  kingdom  ;  that  pressure  has  nothing  to  say  to  leakage;  and  that  burners  are  not  made  to  pay  for  waste  in  manufacture  and  supply.  Should  they  admit  anything  that  has  been  said,  it  will  be  on  the  ground  that  it  cannot  be  remedied;  that  the  public  do  not  understand  the  chemical  action,  and  engineering  details  connected  with  gas  lighting  ;  and  consumers  will  be  again  told  it  is  they  who  fill  the  meters  with  water,  and  would  be  that  the  Company"
