text
"ter  poured`  - STYLE=superscript  in  upon  them  on  the  subject?  No  ;  they  lenew'&#34;'s.  trick  worth  two  of  Old  prices  were  resolutely  kept  up,  and  they  very  quietly  placed  the  surplus  profits  in  their  pockets.  The  public—drat  the  public  !—what  cared  Messrs.  BASS  and  their  colleagues,  about  such  contemptible  non nondescripts,  descripts, nondescripts,  save,  indeed,  to  deluge  their  stomachs  with  that  bitter  beverage,  yclept  pale  ale  ?  'Tis  monstrous  to  suppose  that  the  public  profit  could  be  aught  regarded  when  there  existed  the  conflict conflicting  ing conflicting  and  more  immediate  interest  of  personal  ag aggrandisement.  grandisement. aggrandisement.  Might  makes  unfortu unfortunately,  nately, unfortunately,  but  in  too  many  instances;  and  this  is  one  illustration  of  its  superiority.  The  public  advan advantage  tage advantage  can  never  be  regarded  by  those  who  labour,  tooth  and  nail,  to  carry  out  the  advice  which  the  Quaker  gave  his  son  :  Get  money—honestly  if  thou  can—but,  get  money  After  all,  perhaps  we  have  no  serious  cause  of  complaint  against  the  Brewers  of  Burton-upon-  Trent.  If  they  thought  proper  to  keep  up  the  monopoly  price  of  ale  when  the  materials  of  which  it  is  composed  were  at  an  extremely  low  figure  in  the  market;  and  to  increase  its  cost  when  those  materials  ranged  a  fraction  per  quarter  higher— higherwhy,  why, higherwhy,  that  is  entirely  their  business.  If  the  bitter  ale  consumer  has  no  objection  to  pay  an  increased  price  without  receiving  an  increased  benefit—why  let  him.  We  see  no  reason  why  we  should  inter intermeddle  meddle intermeddle  in  the  matter.  If  his  taste  lies  in  that  way  that  he  prefers  phlebotomy  to  economy,  then,  by  all  means,  let  him  indulge  it  to  satiety.  Only  - STYLE=superscript  me  know  to  whom  the  asses  would  belong  in  such  a  case  !  But  on  the  other  hand,  should  the  indulgers  in  this  commodity  feel  aggrieved  by  the  recent  resolution  Of  the  patricians  of  the  beer-vat  and  they,  fortunately,  have  got  the  remedy  in  their  own  hands;  and  it  is  in  their  power  to  teach  monopolists  a  practical  lesson,  which  it  might  take  a  long  time  to  unlearn.  The  more  quickly  the  business  is  set  about  the  better.  Retrenchment  is  emphatically  the  order  of  the  day.  The  London  press  has  been  teeming  with  letters  for  months  together,  complaining  of  hotel  extortion;  and  the  consequence  is,  that  travellers  will  put  up  anywhere  rather  than  go  into  those  patent  man-traps  !  Hotel-keepers,  by  this  time,  have  discovered  their  mistake;  having  found  to  their  cost  that  the  and  policy  is  a  fatal  one.  Now  of  all  extortions,  it  strikes  us  that  of  beer  is  the  greatest;  and  hence  demands  a  strong  hand  to  be  raised  against  it.  If  pale  ale  drinkers  would  but  forego  this  questionable  luxury  for  a  little,  there  is  no  doubt  but  that  it  would  restore  some  parties  to  their  senses  ;  and  materially  benefit  themselves  in  the  long  run.  As  it  is,  the  increased  price  charged  for  the  commodity  makes  it  a  doubly  bitter  draught  which,  whilst  it  briefly  invigorates  our  system,  permanently  depresses  our  pocket.  For  ourselves  we  have  closed  our  lips"
