text
"LI'TE'RATURE  Plan  of  the  Future  Government  of  India.  By  James  Silk  Buckingham.  Second  Edition.  London  :  Patridge  and  Oakey,..  This  is  a  pamphlet  of  rare  merit  ;  and  may  well  compete  with  any  thing  yet  written  on  the  govern governmiabrit  miabrit governmiabrit  of  India.  Of  course  the  author  has  had  great  experience  in  Indian  affairs  ;  having  resided  in:Calcutta  for  several  years,  and  during  that  time  freely  associated  with  all  ranks  and  conditions.  He  has,  however,  made  signal  use  of  his  knowledge  amid  turned  it  to  good  account.  We  are  confident  that  if  the  Plan  proposed  were  even  partially  carried  out,  it  would  eminently  redound  to  the  honor  and.pecuniary  advantage.  of,  England,  and  materially  enhance  the  prosperity  and  progress  of  India  herself.  There  can  be  no  doubt*  but  that  such  a  work  will  be  any  thing'  but  agreeable  to  the  little  petty  despots  of  the  India  have  long  fattened  upon  the  spoils  wrung  from  that  country;  and  whose  ignorance  as  regards  India,  her  pdople,  her  resources,  and  her  importance,  has  becothe  proVerbial.  Mr.  Buckingham  has  been  long  and  favourably  known  as  au  eminent  travel  ler;  political  economist,  historian,  and  philanthro philanthropist.  pist. philanthropist.  He  has  suffered  much  and  laboured  long  and  arduously  in  the  service  of  India;  but  like  other  great  men  who  have  preceded  him,  he  has  reaped  but  a  mean.  and  paltry  a.dv  .  antage  from  the  British  Government—ever  slow  to  recognise  genius  —to  honour  .talent,—,and.,  to  reward  patriotism.  However,  - STYLE=superscript  other,-  and  even.  despotic  Governments  have  done  honor  to  Mr.  Buckingham's  ability  and  rewarded  his  services.  Beside  the  wise  policy  ad advocated,  vocated, advocated,  we  are  charmed  with  the  style  and  vigour  of  the  language.  Although  advanced  in  years,  the  author  still  seems  to  possess  all  the  fire,  paSsion,  amid  eloquenee  of  youth.  Respecting  the  manner  in  which  England  governs  her  distant  possessions,  he  observes:—  Hitherto,  we  have  ruled  all  our  distant  possessions  with  no  higher  object  than  to  make  them  yield  as  much  of  profit  as  possible  to  the  mother  country;  a  barbarism  as  cruel  as  that  of  an  American  Slave-owner  making  his  own  offspring  toil  with  the  rest  of  his  slaves  for  their  master.  Wo  hold  this  to  be  a  deadly  sin,  on  the  west  of  the  Atlantic;  and  justly  denounce  it  as  a  crime  against  human  nature.  But  we  have  practised  it  ourselves  without  any  expression  of  horror  in  our  own  possessions  in  the  Eastern  hemisphere  ;  as  if  difference  of  latitude  or  longitude  could  alter  the  nature  and  character  of  deeds,  and  make  that  which  is  criminal  in  one  region  of  the  earth  innocent  and  honorable  in  another.  can  denounce  the  conquest  of  Spain,  Portugal,  Holland,  and  Italy,  by  Napoleon,  and  rejoice  at  his  over overthrow,  throw, overthrow,  as  a  plunderer  of  other  lands  ;  we  can  condemn  the  Bourbons  for  their  conquest  and  occupation  of  Algiers  ;  we  deprecate  the  French  for  their  attempt  to  regain  the  ancient  boundary  of  the  Rhine,  and  to  recover  Belgium,  Holland,  and  Italy,  which  they  once  held  but  have  since  lost  ;  we  have  no  language  too  severe  by  which  to  denounce  the  ambition  of  Russia  to  possess  itself  of  Turkey  and  supplant  the  Crescent  by  the  Cross  ;  yet  we  have  nothing  but  praise  and  self-gratulation  to  bestow  on  our  own  countrymen  for  the  equally  criminal  conquest  of  India,  and  we  glory  in  having  achieved  ourselves  what  we  loudly  condemn  in  .  One  other  extract,  which  may  be  viewed  as  a  speci specimen  men specimen  of  fine,  vigorous,  and  earnest  writing.  The  subject  of  the  author's  observations  has  reference  to  the  erection  of  a  statue  to  commemorate  the  Great  Exhibition  of  1851;  quite  apropos  at  this  time  when  the  cry  is  renewed,  and  when  ex-Lord  Mayor  Challis  has  been,  like  .lEsop's  fly,  raising  such  a  dust,  unfortunately,  as  it  happened,  just  as  he  was  going  out  of  office.  We  heartily  recommend  the  passage  to  the  attention  of  Alderman  Challis,  and  the  lay  and  clerical  big  who  smiled,  and  talked  and  spoke  bad  English,  over  the  proposed  seller  - STYLE=superscript  me  for  burying  Prince  Albert  alive!  The  Bishop  of  Oxford  would  greatly  profit  by  attending  to  its  benevolent  and  manly  suggestions  ,  •  the  same  moment,  too,  that  we  are  still  boasting  of  our  love  of  peace,  and  deservedly  honoring  our  Queen  and  her  Consort  for  the  establishment  of  the  Great  Exhibition  of  1851,  as  the  Temple  of  to  teach  all  nations  the  practice  as  well  as  doctrine  of  universal  brotherhood,—we  are  engaged  in  an  attempt  to  make  new  conquests  of  Burmah,  Ava,  and  Pegu,  in  the  East;  and  summoning  the  elite  of  the  /nation  to  raise  a  large  subscription  for  the  purpose  of  setting  up,  in  the  metropolis,  as  a  Memorial  of  this  Universal  reaukilipciatrliim  Exhibition  of  the  equestrian  vaders  and  marauders  that  Europe  ever  prdutd;Tiv  life  by  rebelling  against  his  father,  while  yet  a  mere  boy— boywho  who boywho  carried  on  a  horrible  war  against  his  elder  brother,  iu  which  neither  party  gave  quarter—who  renewed  the  war  against  his  own  parent  and  besieged  him  in  his  e  t  p.oln  ‘  :s  F  Chalon,  during-  whi  , STYLE=superscript  A  , STYLE=superscript  .;  uieu;—wao  a  ter  his  uuLe  or  Acre,  in  the  Crusades,  refused  to  receive  a  ransom  for  the  prisoners  he  had  taken,  and  murdered  5,000  of  them  in  cold  blood,  while  his  soldiers  were  celebrating  the  religious  fete  of  the  Assumption  of  the  Blessed  Virgin  ;—who  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  hung  a  whole  garrison  of  Christians  in  France,  even  after  they  had  offered  to  surrender,  and  soon  after  died  of  a  wound  in  the  castle  of  Chalon,  after  a  nominal  reign  of  ten  years  over  England  as  its  monarch,  though  he  had  never  spent  a  single  year  of  all  these  ten  within  his  own  dominions  ;  a  man  characterised  by  the  three  great  vices  of  avarice,  and  and  whose  whole  life  was  a  career  of  blood  and  murder  !  Such  are  the  men  to  whom  our  chief  nobility  have  met  and  subscribed  largely  (to  the  extent  of  several  thousand  pounds)  to  honour-700  years  after  his  ignominious  death—by  setting  up  his  statue  in  the  capital  of  their  own  country,  where  thousands  are  pining  in  want,  ignorance,  iutemierance,  prostitution,  and  profligacy  and  crime,  for  which  it  is  difficult  to  raise  funds  to  carry  forward  the  necessary  agencies  for  their  reformation  !  we  needed  more  statues  for  the  adornment  of  the  metropolis,  in  addition  to  those  of  the  Kings,  Princes,  Dukes,  Admirals,  and  Generals,  which  form  the  majority  of  the  present  number  ;  and  especially  if  we  wished  such  statues  to  commemorate  an  Exhibition  intended  to  promote  and  good  will  among  men  we  might  surely  make  a  better  choice  than  this  of  Coeur  de  as  we  have  yet  no  public  statue  in  any  of  our  squares  or  parks  to  our  most  successful  navigator,  Cooke—our  most  adventurous  traveller,  Bruce  —  our  purest  founders  of  Colonies,  Oglethorpe  and  Penn—our  greatest  astronomer,  Newton—our  chief  philanthropists,  lioward,  Clarkson,  and  AVilberforce—not  one  of  our  loftiest  and  most  religious  poets,  Milton  and  Young—our  most  uncorrupted  patriots,  Marvell,  Sidney,  and  Hampden—our  most  philosophic  statesman  ant  orator,  Burke—or  our  great  social  reformers,  Lord  Ashley  nad  Father  Matthew—each  of  whom  are  worth  a  hundred  Coeur  de  Lions  for  their  own  merits  and  deeds,  and  still  more  for  the  beneficial  examples  of  their  lives,  patterns  worthy  of  exciting  the  emulation  and  imitation  of  mankind,  and  having  much  more  iu  harmony  with  the  Exhibition  of  the  Temple  of  than  the  ferocious  blood-spiller,  who  had  no  greater  virtue  than  that  of  the  brute  beast  whose  name  is  incorporated  with  his  own,  as  if  to  be  of  which  millions  are  to  be  found  among  the  most  ignorant  and  vicious  of  mankind,  was  to  possess  all  the  virtues  that  could  elevate  and  adorn  humanity,  and  like  Charity,  cover  a  multitude  of  Alas  !  for  the  wisdom  of  the  nineteenth  century  !  Mr.  Buckingham  has  done  signal  service  to  huma humanity.  nity. humanity.  And  after  a  life  of  unremitting  labour  he  now  enjoys  a  venerable  age  of  honour.  STEALING  RAILWAY  TICKETS.—A  passenger  by  th  e  South  Eastern  Company's  line  at  Rochester  has  iust  been  sentenced  at  quarter  sessions,  to  one  month's  imprisonment,  and  two  weeks'  solitary  confinement  for  stealing  a  railway  LONDON  AND  NORTH  WESTERN  RAILWAY.—This  com company,  pany, company,  it  is  understood,  have  offered  prizes  to  their  workmen  at  Wolverton  and  Crewe  for  proficiency  in  mechanics'  and  other  accomplishments,  to  be  adjudged  by  the  Inspectors  of  Schools.  •  It  is  said  that  the  government  of  British  Guiana  has  been  offered  to  Sir  Edmund  Walker  Head,  Bart.,  the  present  Lieut.-Governor  of  New  Brunswick,  on  a  reduced  salary  of  £4,000  per  annum.  His  reply  does  not  appear  yet  to  have  been  received.  GRAIN  AND  MEAL  FROM  RUSSIA.  AND  TURKEY.—  From  a  late  return  it  appears  that  in  the  nine  months  ended  the  10th  ult.,  the  grain  imported  from  the  northern  ports  of  Russia  was  307,967  quarters,  and  from  ports  within  the  Black  Sea,  1,029,168  quarters;  and  of  meal  only  65  cwt.  From  the  Turkish  dominions,  in  the  same  period,  the  grain  numbered  689  quarters  ;  and  the  meal  7,370  cwt.  TOBACCO  IMPORTED  AND  EXPORTED.—It  is  shown  that  in  the  month  ended  the  10th  ult,  there  were  5,213,854  lb.  of  unmanufactured  tobacco  imported,  against  2,347,4951  b.  of  the  same  month  in  the  preceding  year.  The  exportations  were  respectively  773,6241  b.  this  year,  and  1,130,5661  b.  last  year.  ABOLITION  OF  BETTING  -LIST  HOUSES  —The  bill  past  last  sessions  to  abolish  those  pests  of  society,  the  betting-list  houses,  takes  place  this  day  fortnight,  being  the  Ist  proximo.  Al.eady  a  great  many  of  the  list-keepers  have  shut  up  their  shops;  and  others  who  have  taken  deposits  of  money  on  horses  to  run  in  the  Derby  of  1854,  apprehensive  of  the  consequence  of  retaining,  are  returning  it  as  fast  as  they  Clan,  and  in  a  few  days  betting  hou  ses  w  ill  have  entirely  disappeared  not  only  from  the  metropolis,  but  also  from  all  Farts  of  the  kingdom.  CAUSES  OF  INSANITY.—In  a  paper  laid  before  the  Society  for  linproving.  the  Condition  of  the  Insane,  a  statistical  account  of  2,392  cases  of  recovery,  under  the  care  of  Sir  Alexander  MorisOri,  is  given.  In  1,428  of  those  cases  the  causes  of  the  disorder  are  given,  of  which  the  following  is  a  summary  :—in  386,  :hereditary  disposition  existed  ;  181,  intemperance;  172,  pregnancy,  childbearing,  abortion,  lac lactation,  tation, lactation,  &amp;c.  ;  116,  disappointment,  reverses,  embarrassments,  losses,  privations;  76,  religionS  excitement;  62,  grief;  50,  disappointed  affection  ;  43b  anxiety;  vexation;  39,  terror;  53,  epilepsy;  23,  falls,  blows  on  the  head;  8,  paralysis;  219,  causes  of  more  rare  occurrence.  Of  the  remaining  cases,  for  which  no  cause  was  assigned,  the  disorder  had  pre previously  viously previously  occurred  in  270.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SlR,—When  I  came.  to  Liverpool  some  years  ago,  I  was  both  surprised  and  grieved  to  see  how  scanty  were  the  law  reports  and  police  reports  given  by  the  local  press.  Of  late  years  they  are  much  better  done,  though  not  equally  well  by  all  the  papers,  and  one  result  has  *been  most  beneficial  to  the  public.  It  is  quite  impos  . STYLE=superscript  sible  even  for  a  casual  bystander  not'  to  - STYLE=superscript  perceive  that  more  patience,  more  temper,  and  more  discretion  than  formerly,  mirk  the  admi administration  nistration administration  of  our  law  in  all.its`  departments.  In  some  instances,  certainly,  we  have  better  men,  who,  under  any  circumstances,  would  have  dis discharged  charged discharged  their  duties  to  the  satisfaction  of  the  pub public.  lic. public.  But  there  is  still  room  for  improvement,  and  that  improvement  will  always  be  in  exact  propor proportion  tion proportion  to  publicity.  .The  whole  profession  is  kept  in  awe  by  publicity  :  -  the  attorneys,  the  bar,  and  the  bench,  are  equally  checked  and  equally  sustained  by  it;  but  there  is  another  class  on  whom  it  ope operates  rates operates  yet  more  usefully;  our  witnesses  both  in  the  civil  courts  and  the  police  courts,  are  too  frequently  under  no  other  restraint  ;  and,  even  subject  to  this  restraint,  the  - STYLE=superscript  perjury  daily  witnessed  is  a  scandal  to  the  country.  I  trust,  therefore,  not  only  that  .you  will  adhere  to  your  practice,  but  whenever  space  permits,  will  extend  it.  •  There  are  some  men,  high  in  station  too,  who  writhe  at  it,  and  will  even,  as  far  as  they  can,  visit  vindictively  all  whom  they  suspect,  often  very  erroneously,  of  aiding  in  . STYLE=superscript  it.  Such  men  little  dream  of  the  injury  in  social  esteem  which  they  inflict  on  themselves,  but  they  must  be  taught  that  the  press  itself  will  resent  in injury  jury injury  ot•  insult  that  they  seek  to  inflict  on  others  for  such  a  cause.  •  •  -  As  one  of  the  public,  then,  I  entreat  you  to  perse persevere,  vere, persevere,  and  to  make  it  intelligible  to  all  classes,  high  or'  low,  that  any  assault  on  the  privilege  of  report reporting,  ing, reporting,  whether  openly  or  covertly  made,  will  subject  the  assailant  to  penalties  which  no  man  in  this  free  country  dare  disregard.  —l  am,  &amp;c.  BRUTUS.  TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  SIR,—I  think  that  every  lover  of  constitutional  freedom  must  rejoice  at  the  success  which  has  at attended  tended attended  the  Turkish  army  in  their  'first  attempt  to  repel  the  encroachments  of  Nicholas,  the  Emperor  of  all  the  Russias.  I  also  think.  treat  our  govern government  ment government  ought  to  be  stirred  into  a  little  more  activity  and  energy  in  this  matter.  They  appear  to  be  asleep.  Diplomacy,  apparently,  is  a  powerful  nar•  cotic.  From  the  reports  which  appear  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  I  presume  that  the  French  government  are  beginning  to  awake  from  their,  slumbers;  and  it  is  high  time  that:  ours  were  roused  into  something  like  life.  I  am  no  advocate  for  war,  but  a  friend  of  peace  ;  but  now  that  the  great  leader  of  'despotism  is  again  marching  forward  to  destroy  the  constituted:liec constituted:liecdom  dom constituted:liecdom  of  nations,  it  becomes  the  bounden  duty  of  every  lover  of  peace  to  stand  forward  and  actively  protest  against  such  despotism.  I  think  it  high  time  that  England,  which  professes  to  uphold  the  principle  of  the  nationality  of  nations,  should  call  upon  her  government  actively  to  interfere  to  pre prevent  vent prevent  European  despotism  on  the  one  hand,  and  to  encourage  or  support  constitutional  freedom  oo  the  other.  This  I  take  to  be  her  especial  mission.  Seeing  that  several  important  meetings  have  been  held  in  London  and  other  towns,  urging  upon  our  government  to  take  a  more  decided  line  of  policy  on  this  question,  I  think  it  is  not  too  late  (although  at  the  eleventh  hour)  for  LIVERPOOL,  .the  great  emporium  of  commerce,  to  stand  forward  in  public  meeting,  and  add  her  voice  to  those  already  expressed,  so  that  the  ministers  may  see  that  in  rendering  assistance  to  Turkey,  they  have  the  cor cordial  dial cordial  approval  of  the  mass  of  the  people  of  this  country  country  .  I  throw  out  this  suggestion  to  the  merchants  and  tradesmen  of  the  town.  It  is  no  party  question;  but  the  right  of  every  nation  to  be  governed  accord according  ing according  to  its  own  will,  and  not  the  will  of  another;  and  it  is  the  duty  of  a  free  people  to  support  every  other  country  which  claims  this  right,  and  not  to  'Pr  c  ncr  -Pa  l STYLE=superscript  A  t STYLE=superscript  i.P.Wia  ( STYLE=superscript  y  l STYLE=superscript  U-PArNPAIRA  -- STYLE=superscript  16ir,  V  - STYLE=superscript  requMton  or  otherwise,  to  convene  a  town's  meeting  at  an  early  period,  I  remain,  respectfully,  HENRY  SMITH.  10,  iooo.  IRELAND.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING,  THE  CHOLERA--There  has  been  no  additional  case  reported  in  Dublin  ;  and,  thanks  to  the  precautions  taken  against  the  disease,  there  is  every  hope  that  it  will  not  spread.  In  Cork  there  is  still  much  danger,  but  the  authorities  are  adopt adopting  ing adopting  every  step  in  their  power  to  hinder  a  recur recurrence  rence recurrence  of  such  events  as  were  connected  with  the  ship  Kossuth.  The  magistrates  have  petitioned  the  Lord  Lieutenant  for  the  formation  of  a  lazaretto.  On  board  the  Kossuth  there  were  yesterday  four  cases  of  cholera,  and  seven  of  diarrhGe.  Two  deaths  took  place  on  Sunday.  In  Belfast  the  in inmates  mates inmates  of  the  workhouse  have  been  attacked.  There  were  up  to  the  last  accounts  four  cases,  out  of  which  two  died,  and  two  tire  still  under  treatment.  The  town  itself  is  as  yet  safe.  There  is  no  report  of  any  case  from  the  country  parts,  save  a  vague  rumour  now  and  then.  CLONMEL  ELECTION.-Mr.  John  O'Connell,  and  Mr.  Bianconi  are  the  candidates  first  in  the  field  just  now.  The  former  is  looked  on  by  the  league  as  friendly  to  the  government,  and  consequently  they  are  putting  every  possible  obstacle  in  iris  way,  by  endeavouring  to  extract  pledges  and  the  like.  The  deputation,  consisting  of  Messrs.  Lucas,  Duffy-,  and  Gray,  arrived  in  the  borough  on  Monday,  and  had  an  audience  with  a  committee  of  the  electors  yesterday,  at  which  Dr.  Gray  declared  his  views  as  a  candidate:  Mr.  John  Reynolds  has  withdrawn.  Mr.  Barton,  who  entered  the  borough  in  1852,  will  be  put  forward  by  the  conservatives,  but  as  there  are  only  eighty  tories  out  of  a  consti constituency  tuency constituency  of  300,  he  has  not  much  chance  of  success.  On  the  whole  Mr.  O'Connell  is  as  yet,  the  favorite.  A  NICE  LANDLORD  :  The  Banner  of  Ulster  states  that  the  Marquis  of  Hertford  has  raised  the  rents,  on  his  Antrim  estates,  of  those  tenants  who  favoured  the  liberal  candidate  at  the  last  Lisburn  election.  INCUMBERED  ESTATES  COURT.  —Yesterday,  on  the  petition  of  Lord  Wellesley,  the  extensive  Mor Mornington  nington Mornington  estates,  situate  in  the  Queen's  County,  and  Counties  of  Dublin,  Meath,  Cavan,  Westmeath,  and  King's  County,  were  put  up  for  sale.  The  total  amount  realized  was  £204,835,  being  over  22  year's  purchase  on  the  rental.  THE  SHIP  MooßEsFolicr.—The  Cork  Constitution  says  :—On  the  23d  October  the  ship  Mooresfort  left  Liverpool  with  a  large  number  of  passengers  and  a  general  cargo  for  Melbourne.  On  last  Sun Sunday  day Sunday  week  a  plank  nine  feet  long,  and  nine  inches  broad,  with  the  word  in  gilt  letters  cut  in  it,  was  washed  on  shore  at  Goleen,  near  Crookhaven.  It  is  hoped  that  no  serious  accident  has  occurred  to  this  find  ship,  but  that  the  board  found  was  washed  from  the  quarter.  The  first  officer  in  this  ship  is  Mr.  George  Slorach,  son  of  Mr.  Alexander  Slorach,  of  this  city.  A  PARISIAN  CELEnurry.---One  of  the  celebrities  of  the  public  balls  of  Paris  was  buried  on  Tuesday,  having  been  carried  to  the  grave  from  h  er  h  o  t  e  l  i  n  t  h  e  '  R  ue  Caumartin.  Mademoiselle  Olympe,  employed  as  a  boot-binder,  about  two  years  a,,,,  , STYLE=superscript  r0;  never  missed  a  ball  at  A  snie  r  e  s  ,  'or  and  at  the  former  place  she  so  captivated  a  German  baron  that  he  married  her.  He  died  about  eight  months  ago,  leaving  her  from  30,000  f.  to  40,000  f.  a-year.  After  his  death  she  became  melancholy,  and  her  health  declined.  She  went  out  on  Sunday  to  drive  in  the  Bois  de  Boulogne,  and,  on  the  re return  turn return  of  the  carriage  to  the  hotel,  the  footman,  ? STYLE=superscript  on  letting  down  the  steps,  found  that  his  mistress  did  not  alight.  She  was  lying  dead  on  the  seat.  She  had  only  reached  her  22nd  yew.—Galignani's  Messenger.  A  PRECEDENT  IN  TILE  LAW  OF  EVIDENCE.—The  district  court  of  Schaffhausen,  in  Switzerland,  has  lately  furnished  a  useful  precedent  in  the  law  of  evidence.  A  citizen  of  Schaff  hausen  was  accused  of  having  boxed  the  ears  of  another  citizen.  There  were  no  witnesses  to  the  act,  for  at  the  time  of  the  alleged  offence,  the  parties  were  alone  in  the  coffee-room  of  an  hotel.  But  the  landlord  and  the  waiters  who  were  in  a  room  near  to  the  scene  of  action,  swore  that  they  heard  the  blow.  The  defendant,  of  course,  pleaded  an  d  that  even  i  f  the  offence  had  been  corn cornmitted,  mitted, cornmitted,  the  witnesses  could  not  have  heard  the  blow.  In  order  to  elucidate  this  very  nice  point,  the  court  adjourned  to  the  scene  of  the  alleged  offence.  Several  members  took  the  places  of  the  witnesses  in  the  case;  two  of  the  judges  were  locked  up  in  the  coffee-room,  and  the  ears  .of  one  of  them  were  duly  boxed  by  the  other.  It  was  clearly  esta established  blished established  that  the  blow  could  be  heard  in  the  adjoining  room,  and  that  the  plaintiffs  were  correct  in  their  statements.  Sentence  accordingly.  TVEST  DERBY  BOARD  OF  GUARDIANS.  YESTERDAY.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  West  Derby  Board  of  Guardians  took  place  yesterday.  Mr.  11-knausoN  was  in  the  chair,  and  the  following  gentlemen  were  also  present  :  Mr.  Alpass,  vice-chairman  ;  Mr.  Reyes,  deputy  vice;  Messrs.  Roskell,  Abrahams,  Mountfield,  Craig,  Lunt,  M'  Gee,  Carter,  Horsfall,  •  Molyneux,  Smith,  G.  Marrison,  Wensley,  Rev.  W.  Badnall,.  Shaw,  and  Tattersall.  The  Clerk  read  the  minutes  of  the  last  day's  meeting.  The  following  cheques  were  Passed  :  Mr.  Olney,  £25  ;  Mr.  Allen,  £G7  ;  Mr.  Potts,  £B4  ;  Mr.  Lythgoe,  £lB.  Mr.  M'GEE  moved,  according  to  notice  '  which  he  had  given  upon  the  last  day  of  meeting,  that  the  salaries  of  Isaac  Mullock,  master  tailor  and  John  Taylor,  master  shoemaker,  be  raised  from  £1  to  £1  ss.  per  week.  Mr.  LUNT  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  unanimously  adopted.  It  was  agreed,  upon  the  motion  of  Mr.  Shaw,  that  two  days'  notice  be  given  to  Mr.  Cooper,  contractor  for  the  works  at  the  hospital,  to  proceed  with  the  works  according  to  contract.  A  resolution  was  also  adopted,  that  the  board  make  the  usual  application  to  the  Health  Committee  to  have  the  sewerage  through  Kelshaw-street  continued  for  the  conve convenience  nience convenience  of  the  neighbourhood.  CHARGE  AGAINST  MR.  STEPHENS,  SURGEON.  The  following  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Stephens,  one  of  the  district  surgeons,  in  reference  to  the  case  of  a  woman  named  Mary  Clare,  r%,arding  whom,  Mr.  Barnett,  one  of  the  relieving  officers  for  the  Toxteth  Park  district,  had  communicated  with  the  board  at  their  last  day  of  meeting:—  Wednesday,  Nov.  16,  1853,  4,  Upper  Parliament-street,  Liverpool.  Sin.,—Upon  receiving  a  letter,  yesterday,  from  Mr.  Cleaver,  respecting  the  pauper  Mary  Clare,  1  presumed  she  had  not  been  removed,  and  therefore  again  visited  her,  and  being  of  the  same  opinion  as  on  a  former  occasion,  I  enclose  my  medical  officer's  certificate,  recommending  her  removal  to  the  hospital.  The  guardians  will  now  be  in  a  position  to  contradict  any  further  false  or  erroneous  assertions  which  may  be  made  against  me  respecting  neglect  of  parochial  duty  with  regard  to  this  pauper.—l  am,  Sir,  yours,  &amp;e.,  tlie  Chairman,  STEPHENS.  West  Derby  Board  of  The  CLERK  said  the  letter  was  accompanied  by  the  certi certificate  ficate certificate  to  which  he  referred.  .  Mr.  BAnNErr  :  Mr.  Stephens  has  driven  me  into  exposing  this  matter  of  this  woman.  I  related  last  week  the  manner  in  which  he  refused  to  attend  her,  and  I  am  driven  to  the  necessity  of.  bringing  it  under  official  notice.  lie  states  that  he  had  seen  the  woman,  but  he  did  not  at attend  tend attend  to  her,  she  haVing  - STYLE=superscript  remained  in  the  same  state.  In  that  letter  you  will  see  that  he  casts  reflections  upon  me—reflec me—reflections  tions me—reflections  which  are  not  by  any  means  called  for,  inasmuch  as  the  fact  which  I  have  stated  can  be  readily  proved,  and  I  will  feel  obliged  if  you  will  canse  Mr.  Stephens  to  prove  the  truth  of  his  expressions,  or  to  withdraw  them.  -  Mr.  ALPASS  :  The  allusion  does  not  apply  to  you.  Mr.  BARNETT  :  It  does,  sir.  Mr.  ALPASS  :  It  does  not.  Mr.  BARNETT  :  It  does,  inasmuch  as  my  name  was  used  in  a  former  letter.  _  Mr.  ALFASS  :  I  talk  of  this  letter.  M.  lIoasEALL  :  How  long  is  it  since  ho  was  applied  to  to  attend  the  pauper,  Mary  Clare  ?  Mr.  BARNETT  :  I  should  think  a  fortnight.  Mr.  HousrALL  :  When  did  he  see  her  Mr.  BARNETT  :  He  saw  her  three  times.  The  first  time  she  wanted  her  lei  attended  to.  Mr.  HonsrALL  :  And  he  would  not  look  at  it  ?  Mr.  BARNETT  :  He  would  not  look  at  it.  Mr.  ALPASS  :  I  am  informed  that  that  is  not  true.  He  did  not  see  her  the  first  time.  _  _  Mr.  BARNETT:  I  saw  him  again,  and  he  refused  again.  Mr.  TionsrA.LL  That  is  corroboration  you  see.  Mr.  ALPASS  :  -Three  times  she  called  at  his  surgery,  and  he  was  not  in.  Mr.  HORSFALL  :  But  it  was  his  duty  to  see  her.  Mr.  BARNETT  :  The  woman  told  me  she  saw  him  each  time.  Mr.  ALPASS  :  Well,  Mr.  Stephens  told  me  he  did  not  see  her.  Mr.  BARNETT  :  Mr.  Stephens  admitted  to  me  that  he  -  had  seen  her.  Mr.  ALPASS:  Not  any  of  the  first  three  times  that  she  went  to  his  surgery.  lam  speaking  of  the  first  three  ap applications.  plications. applications.  Mr.  BARNETT  :  I  am  not  speaking  of  that,  but  I  hardly  think  any  assistant  would  take  upon  himself  the  responsi responsibility  bility responsibility  of  refusing  to  attend  to  the  woman.  Mr.  ALPASS  :  That  is  not  the  question.  Mr.  BOSICELL  :  The  question,  I  take  it,  chiefly  is  whether  Mr.  Stephens  did  his  duty  or  did  not.  As  I  understand  the  case,  Mr.  Barnett  gave  an  order  to  the  woman  to  wait  upon  Mr.  Stephens  for  the  purpose  of  getting  medical  relief.  Mr.  Stephens  refuses  Mr.  ALPASS  :  No,  M.  liT—  4-^  give  the  order.  Mr.  ALPASS  :  Although  Mr.  Stephens  did  object,  or  refuse,  if  you  like  to  act  upon  the  order  of  Mr.  Barnett,  yet  still  he  did  go  and  see  the  person.  Mr.  ILOSKEL  L  :  lam  r!glit.ats  fat  ua  I  hGTG  Sono.  Mr.  ALPASS  :  Except  that  he  did  go.  Mr.  ROSKELL  :  But  the  question  arises  what  period  had  elapsed  before  he  did  go  ?  Mr.  ALPASS  :  He  went  that  very  day.  Mr.  ROSKELL  :  If  I  understand  the  matter,  the  woman  had  a  right  to  be  relieved  for  six  months,  The  six  months  had  not  expired,  therefore  there  was  no  alteration  in  the  circumstances.  Now  if  I  understand  the  thing  rightly  I  do  think  from  what  I  heard  before  and  hear  now  that  Mr.  Stephens  is  blameable  in  the  matter.  The  CLERK,  at  the  request  of  some  of  the  Guardians,  read  the  whole  correspondence  which  had  taken  place  upon  the  subject.  Mr.  ROSKELL  would  ask  any  gentleman  what  under  the  circumstances  was  the  duty  of  the  medical  officer  ?  To  attend  to  the  case,  and  if  he  found  himself  aggrieved  to  appeal  to  that  board.  But  was  the  woman  to  be  neglected  all  that  time  while  he  was  quibbling  about  whether  he  had  a  right  to  attend  to  her  or  not  ?  He  thought  from  what  he  had  heard  of  the  matter  that  Mr.  Barnett  had  done  his  duty  in  a  very  straightforward  and  faithful  manner.  It  did  appear  to  him  that  now  the  salaries  were  fixed  they  thought  the  less  they  did  the  better.  He  had  no  doubt  that  the  case  was  true,  and  he  really  thought  that  very  great  blame  should  attach  to  the  medical  officer,  and  that  the  woman  was  la labouring  bouring labouring  under  a  disease  which  ought  to  have  been  attended  to.  The  medical  officers  were  paid  for  attending,  and  ought  to  do  their  duty.  Mr.  HEYES  suggested  that  Mr.  Stephens  be  requested  to  attend  before  the  board  on  next  Wednesday  and  give  an  explanation.  He  did  not  think  unless  the  board  adopted  that  course  they  had  any  means  of  coming  to  a  right  con conclusion  clusion conclusion  under  the  circumstances.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  SHAW  thought  it  highly  improper  for  Mr.  Roskell  to  denounce  Mr.  Stephens  in  that  manner  upon  an  exparte  statement.  That  course  of  conduct  was,  not  in  accordance  with  the  principle  which  Mr.  Roskell  generally  advocated  at  the  board.  For  himself  he  should  say  that  he  knew  nothing  whatever  about  the  matter  until  to-day.  Mr.  J.  Barnett  had  told  the  board  most  positively  that  he  gave  an  order  to  Mr.  Stephens  to  attend  Mary  Clare  on  the  3rd  of  Novem November.  ber. November.  A  medical  - STYLE=superscript  certificate  was  produced  requirin  g  her  re removal  moval removal  to  the  hospital,  although  Mr.  Barnett  told  them  in  one  breath  that  the  medical  officer  never  attended  her.  How  could  they  understand  that  ?  Mr.  BARNETT  :  I  can  very  well  explain  it.  Mr.  SHAW  said  Mr.  Roskell  had  denounced  Mr.  Stephens  for  not  doing  his  duty  as  a  medical  officer.  Now  it  would  appear  by  the  letters  which  Mr.  Cleaver  had  read  that  he  had  been  attending  the  woman.  There  was  a  medical  cer certificate  tificate certificate  with  three  names  mentioned,  and  he  would  ask  had  any  of  them  been  removed  to  the  hospital  ?  Mr.  ALPASS  replied  in  the  affirmative.  Mr.  SHAW  said  that  if  Mr.  Stephens  thought  it  would  be  better  to  have  that  woman  in  the  hospital,  he  could  not  see  why  she  was  not  removed  as  well  as  the  other  per persons.  sons. persons.  He  did  not  see  where  Mr.  Stephens  had  failed  to  do  his  duty.  He  had  no  hesitation  in  saying  that  Mr.  Stephens  would  be  very  glad  to  attend  her,  and  he  was  sure  that  he  had  data  and  documents  to  prove  everything  for  five  or  six  years.  He  was  sure  that  Mr.  Stephens  was  so  disgusted  with  the  treatment  he  had  received  from  the  Board  that  he  never  would  respect  the  office.  He  would  appeal  to  the  members  around  whether  Mr.  Stephens  had  not  been  treated  for  the  last  five  or  six  years  by  that  board  in  the  manner  he  had  stated—first  by  one  officer  and  then  by  another;  so  that  he  could  not  well  feel  himself  justified  in  making  a  charge  against  any  officer.  He  would  object  to  their  calling  upon  Mr.  Stephens  to  attend  before  the  board  in  reference  to  that  charge.  Mr.  ALPASS  also  expressed  his  astonishment  that  Mr.  Roskell  should  have  denounced  Mr.  Stephens,  and  he  was  glad  that  there  was  at  least  one  member  besides  himself  at  the  board  willing  to  defend  Mr.  Stephens  from  the  charge.  He  knew  very  well  that  upon  the  part  of  at  least  one  reliev relieving  ing relieving  officer  there  was  a  very  strong  feeling  against  Mr.  Stephens,  and  whenever  there  was  an  opportunity  of  picking  a  hole  in  his  coat,  that  officer  would  take  the  opportunity  of  doing  it.  That  they  all  knew.  Now  let  them  bear  in  mind,  what  the  facts  were.  Mr.  Stephens  received  an  order  signed  by  Mr.•  Barnett  to  visit  the  woman  Mary  Clare.  He  had  an  impression  that  he  had  no  right  to  attend  to  the  order  of  any  relieving  -officer,  except  one  attached  to  his  own  district.  He  objected  to  attend,  but  upon  further  consider consideration  ation consideration  he  thought  it  better  to  go  and  see  the  woman,  and  he  did  go.  On  that  very  day,  November  3rd,  when  she  went  first  to  his  surgery,  he  went  to  the  house  and  found  her  seated  there  with  a  very  badly  ulcerated  leg  indeed,  but  yet  nursing  a  child  and  doing  work  about  the  house.  Now  he  saw  there  was  no  chance  of  her  being  .  cured  unless  by  perfect  rest,  and  so  long  as  she  remained  in  the  house  and  did  work,  she  could  never  by  possibility  get  well.  There Therefore  fore Therefore  he  put  her  name,  with  the  names  of  two  other  persons  whom  he  found  in  his  rounds  that  day  requiring  removal  to  the  hospital  for  proper  treatment,  and  he  could  give  reasons  for  that—he  put  them  in  one  paper  and  sent  it  to  Mr.  Latham's  house.  M.  Latham  obeyed  the  order,  and  re removed  moved removed  one  person  to  the  hospital,  but  the  other  was  not  removed.  He  now  came  to  the  point  whether  a  person  refusing  to  be  removed  to  the  hospital  was  entitled  to  have  the  relieving  officer  or  medical  officer  continue  their  attend attendance.  ance. attendance.  His  own  impression  was  'that  if  the  medical  officer  certified  that  a  person  was  fit  to  go  to  the  hospital,  and  that  that  person  would  not  go,  if  the  law  did  not  support  it,  at  all  events  it  was  the  wish  of  the  guardians  that  the  medical  officer  should  cease  to  attend  to  that  person,  in  order  that  the  guardians  might  have  the  requisite  power.  Whenever  it  was  necessary  for  the  welfare  of  a  patient  to  go  to  the  hospital,  and  the  patient  would  not  go,  that  these  should  be  no  medical  attendance  given  out  Of  the  house.  He  did  not  know  if  that  was  the  case,  but  it  was  his  impression  and  the  impression  of  other  guardians;  and  Mr.  Stephens,  he  knew,  acted  upon  that  impression.  If  that  view  was  wrong,  he  was  sure  Mr.  Stephens  had  only  to  be  set  right  upon  the  subject,  and  if  he  had  committed  an  error  he  would  not  do  so  again.  He  should  be  glad  to  know  from  Mr.  Cleaver  whether  he  was  wrong  in  that  in interpretaton  terpretaton interpretaton  of  the  law.  The  CLERK  said  the  question  was  once  referred  to  the  Poor-law  Board,  and  it  appeared  that  if  the  hospital  was  out  of  the  township  where  the  party  resided,  a  refusal  to  go  there  .would  be  no  excuse  for  the  guardians  withdrawing  Medical  or  other  relief.  Mr.  ALPAss  :  But,  mind  you,  we  are  now  only  removing  them  to  what  may  be  called  an  assistant-workhouse.  That  question  referred  to  the  southern  hospital.  The  CLERK  :  No.  It  referred  to  our  old  union  hospital.  Mr.  ALPASS  contended  that  there  was  no  use  in  bringing,  Mr.  Stephens  to  that  board,  and  their  time  would  be  occu occupied  pied occupied  quite  uselessly.  He  trusted  that  the  explanations  and  reasons  which  he  had  given  would  be  considered  sufficient  by  the  board.  A  poll  was  then  taken,  when  there  appeared  eight  votes  for  calling  Mr.  Stephens  before  the  board,  and  six  against.  The  motion  was  therefore  declared  carried.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Henry  Johnson,  vaccinator,  requesting  that  the  board  would  raise  the  rate  of  payment  to  2s.  Cd.for  home  cases,  and  ss.  for  cases  at  Kirkby.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  ALrAss,  the  letter  was  rarred  to  the  hospital  committee.  A  lengthened  correspondence  was  read  between  the  Poor Poorlaw  law Poorlaw  Board,  Londoni;  the.  Board  of  Supervision,  Edinburgh  ;  the  Parochial  Board,  Glasgow  ;  the  guardians  of  the  Luss  Union,  Scotland;  and  Mr.  Gray,  of  the  parish  office,  Liverpool,  regarding  the  case  of  an  old  woman  named  APKenzie,  who  had  been  sent  from  the  We  Derby  Unio  n  to  Scotland,  and  since  returned  to  Everton.  The  CLERK  was  directed  to  enter  in  correspondence  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining  further  information  as  to  the  place  where  the  woman  was  entitled  to  be  relieved.  The  board  then  adjourned.  DEDUCTIONS  FROM..  THE  LAST  AMERICAN  CENSUS.  [From  the  New  York  Evening  Post.]  It  appears  from  the  Abstract  of  the  Seventh  Published  this  year,  that  the  United  States  possessed,  at  the  beginning  of  1852,  as  much  completed  railroad,  within  3,300  Miles,  as  all  the  rest  of  the  world  put  together.  In  the  United  States  there  were  in  operation  at  that  time,  '10,843  miles;  in  the  various  countries  of  Europe,  14,143.  By  the  beginning  of  1853,  the  completed  roads  in  this  country  had  increased  to  13,000  miles,  while  European  roads  had  grown  to  16,000,  making  the  difference,  at  that  time,  only  3,000  hiiles.  There  were  also,  at  the  beginning  of  this  year,  12,680  miles  in  process  of  construction  in  the  United  States  ;  in  all;  therefore,  constructed  and  constructing,  25,000  miles.  On  the  same  authority,  there  is  no  exaggeration  in  saying  that  before  1860,  there  will  be  in  our  country  35,000  miles  of  completed  railway.  These  facts  indicate  pretty  . STYLE=superscript  rapid  pro progress.  gress. progress.  They  look  as  if  we  were  overdoing  the  business.  There  aie  various  considerations,  however,  that  tend  to  diminish  the  fear  of  any  excess.  According  to  the  commonly-received  notions,  the  newness  of  our  country  would  make  railroads  less  necessary  than  in  the  thickly-settled  districts  of  the  old  world.  But  there  is  a  fallacy  in  this.  Experience  is  daily  showing,  that  in  the  deep  soils  of  the  West,  where  productiveness  is  extberant,  and  transportation,  by  the  depth  of  the  soil,  is  rendered  very  difficult,  railroads  become  the  best  labor-saving  machines  of  the  farmer.  In  respect  to  one  of  their  effects,  namely,  that  of  rendering  accessible  and  settling  new  and  interior  districts,  railroads  can  operate-in  no  f  ore  i  gn  coun  t  r  y  as  i  n  ours.No  one  needs  them  for  this  purpose  so  much  as  ours,  or  can  be  benefited  in  a  manner  at  all  comparable.  It  is  the  good  fortune  of  our  republic  to  be,  in  the  arts  of  as  well  as  in  political  wisdom  and  experience,  the  heir  of  all  Our  prairies  and  inland  country  are  settling  by  the  efficient  operation  of  railroads  ;  for  these  are  the  latest  discovered,  and  prove  to  be  the  best  means  of  accomplishing  this  object.  In  the  old  world  it  has  been  already  accomplished  by  the  imperfect  methods  of  former  times—the  caravan,  the  military  road,  the  ordinary  high highway,  way, highway,  along  whose  routes  villages  and  settlements  have  here heretofore  tofore heretofore  sprung  up,  just  as  they  now  do  along  our  railroads,  only  with  a  rapidity,  as  compared  with  the  growth  of  our  towns,  like  that  of  a  camel  to  a  steam-engine.  The  large  proportion  in  miles  that  the  roads  of  the  United  States  bear  to  those  other  countries,  will  appear  less  striking  when  it  is  considered  that  the  cost  per  mile  of  the  former  is  but  little  more  than  one-fourth  that  of  foreign  roads.  Our  roads  average  about  $34,000,  others,  $130,000  net  mile.  The  census  report  states  thg.  including  the  roads  now  constructing,  tne  average  cost  ot  our  railways  will  be  reduced  to  $27,000  per  mile,  making  the  difference  still  greater  ;  for  there  is  no  reason  why  foreign  roads  should  be  constructed  now  at  a  rate  materially  cheaper  than  formerly.  o,‘  , STYLE=superscript  new  roads,  en  the STYLE=superscript  contrary,  pass  mostly  through  level  and  unsettled,  or  thinly  settled  agnculturai  I.llJ,Uieuti  '  wnere  laud  is  held  at  low  rates  ;  where  few,  if  any,  cultivated  grounds  are  cut  through  that  are  heavily  expensive,  and  where  cuttings  and  embankments  are  comparatively  unfrequent.  There  is  probably  an  exaggerated  idea  abroad  as  to  the  capital  now  expending  in  these  projects.  The  pub public,  lic, public,  at  any  rate,  seem  to  be  mistaken  as  to  the  proportion  this  capital  bears  to  the  annual  productions  of  the  country  and  to  that  employed  in  other  expenditures  of  aeku  o  wlodged  econom  y.  The  twelve  thousand  miles  and  over,  now  construe  ting,  will  pass  almost  entirely  through  agricultural  districts  ;  most  of  it  is  building  in  the  western  and  northwestern  states.  We  may  reckon  these  roads,  then,  as  so  many  agricultural  tools.  Now,  the  capital  invested  in  them,  estimating  it  at  $20,000  a  mile,  is  $20,000,000.  That  invested  in  agricultural  is  stated  at  $150,000,000.  It  would  appear,  then,  •  that  the  capital  of  all  the  roads  now  constructing  is  but  little  more  than  sixty  per  cent.  increase  on  what  is  in invested  vested invested  in  the  ordinary  implements  of  husbandry.  The  agricultural  products  of  the  country  amount  to  about  $1,500,000,000.  Suppose  the  12,000  miles  in  construction  should,  as  improved  agricultural  tools,  increase  the  value  and  amount  of  these  products  equal  to  one  per  cent.  on  the  value  above  given,  this  would  amount  to  $15,000,000  equal  to  more  than  6  per  cent.  on  $240,000,000,  the  capital  in invested.  vested. invested.  Again,  suppose  these  12,000'  miles  to  stimulate  a  country  ten  miles  on  each  side,  they  would  affect  an  area  of  over  153,600,000  acres.  Supposing  the  road  to  increase  the  value  of  land  equal  to  an  average  of  one  dollar  an  acre,  we  have  an  addition  of  over  $153,000,000  to  the  wealth  of  the  country  from  this  cause—over  60  per  cent  on  the  capital  in invested.  vested. invested.  The  cash  value  of  farms  in  the  country  is  stated  at  a  little  over  $3,200,000,000.  Again,  suppose  over  12,000  miles  of  railroad  to  increase  this  value  8  per  cent.  ;  they  add  to  it  $250,000,000,  thus  wiping  away  the  whole  of  their  cost  and  more.  _  _  The  whole  annual  import  of  wheat  into  Great  Britain  during  the  past  year  was  about  6,000,000  quarters,  or  48,000,000  bushels.  If  we  suppose  one  acre  in  ninety  of  the  153,000,000  rendered  accessible  by  those  roads,  to  be  rendered  productive  by  them,  with  an  average  yield  of  30  bushels  of'wheat  to  the  acre,  they  would  produce  an  amount  greater  than  the  whole  annual  import  of  Great  Britain.  Or,  to  state  it  in  another  form,  suppose  .a  yield  to  be  induced  equal  to  one-third  of  a  bushel  to  each  acre,  the  roads  now  constructing  will  add  to  our  agricultural  products  enough  to  supply  the  entire  import  of  Great  Britain.  There  is  a  deficiency  this  year  in  the  wheat  crop  of  Great  Britain,  amounting  to  nearly  4,000,000  quarters.  It  is  calculated  that  she  will  have  to  import  during  the  coming  year,  9,600,000  quarters,  and  of  these  she  relies  on  Canada  and  the  United  States  for  5,000,000  quarters,  or  40,000,000  bushels.  The  surplus  wheat  of  Upper  Canada  this  year,  is  estimated  in  late  papers  at  4,000,000  bushels.  Sup Suppose  pose Suppose  the  Canadas  to  furnish  8,000,000  bushels  there  is  left  to  the  United  States  as  their  share,  34,000,000,  Now,  since  the  beginning  of  1852,  there  have  been  comple completed  ted completed  at  least  three  thousand  miles  of  railway,  which  we  may  suppose  to  have  stimulated  a  belt  of  land  ten  miles  on  each  side,  or  an  area  of  38,400,000  acres.  The  cultivation  of  one  acre  in  thirty  of  this,  or  an  average  production  of  one  bushel  to  the  acre,  would  supply  all  that  the  mother  country  asks  of  us,  and  a  good  deal  more.  It  appears  from  data  collected  in  England  from  the  best  sources,  that  Great  Britain,  during  the  years  1848,  1849,  and  1850,  imported  cereals,  live  stock  and  meats  to  the  value  of  75,000,000/.  ;  au  average  of  25,000,0001.,  or  $125,000,000  a  year  paid  to  foreign  countries  for  food.  Now  if,  over  and  above  what  was  produced  before,  we  suppose  one  acre  of  thirty  of  our  153,000,000  is  stimulated  to  produce  what  is  equivalent  to  thirty  bushels  of  wheat,  we  have  added  to  our  store  of  pro produce  duce produce  enough  to  furnish  the  imported  food  of  the  entire  United  Kingdom.  These  effects,  it  is  to  be  observed,  will  be  brought  about  by  railroads,  even  though  the  stockholders  should  not  receive  a  cent  from  them.  They  are,  moreover,  exclusive  of  the  immense  impetus  given  to  manufacturing,  commercial,  and  other  interests.  LONDON  AND  NORTH  WESTERN  RAILWAY.  —A  special  general  meeting  was  held  on  Tuesday,'  to  consider  whether  it  would  not  be  premature  at  the  present  moment  to  submit  a  scheme  for  raising  the  capital  necessary  for  the  forma•  tion  of  the  Dorchester'and  Exeter  extension  line  of  railway  agreed  to  at  the  meeting  in  August.  After  a  discussion  of  several  hours,  the  motion  on  the  part  of  the  directors  em empowering  powering empowering  them  to  continue  the  extension  of  the  proposed  line  from  Dorchester  to  Exeter,  Ins  met  by  an  amendment.  that  such  extension  should  not  take  place.  The  show  of  hands  being  in  favour  of  the  amendment,  a  poll  was  &amp;-  minded,  which  will  not  close  before  Saturday  next,  at  three  o'clock.  THE  LATE  REPRESENTATIVES  OP  MULL.—On  Monday  evening  a  numerous  and  influential  meeting  of  the  electors  of  this  borough  was  held  in  .he  Music-hall,  for  the  purpose  of  presenting  a  testimonial  to  Lord  Goderieh  and  Mr.  Clay,  the  late  representatives  of  the  town.  The,  testimonials,  which  originated  amongst  the  working  men,  cunsisted  of  two  splen splendid  did splendid  silver  tankards,  which  had  been  subscribed  for  by  more  than  1,800  of  that  class,  as  a  token  of  the  esteem  in  which  their  late  representatives  were  held,  and  a  markg  sympathy  on  their  having  been  unseated.  Mr.  Alderman  Blundell,  ex-mayor,  presided  ;  and  the  testimonials  having  been  pre presented  sented presented  by  a  deputation,  the  late  members  severally  expressed  their  acknowledgments."
