text
"Mr.  J.  J.  Hender'solfs  ch  h:fough  'lawn,  7st.  61b.  3  A  selling  race  of  5  sovs.  each,  with  30  sous.  added,  for  all  ages.  Two-years  old,  Bst.  ;  three,  9st.  61b.  ;  four,  10st.  41b.;  five,  10st.  91b.  ;  six  and  aged,  10st.  111  b.  Winners  in  1853,  up  to  the  time  of  starting,  of  the  value  of  50  sovs.,  clear  31b.;  of  two,  or  £lOO,  61bs.  extra.  Mares  and  geldings  allowed  21b.  The  winner  to  be  sold  for  80  sovs.  in  the  usual  way  ;  if  entered,  to  be  sold  for  £6O,  allowed  31b.  '  •  £5O.  71b.  ;  £3O,  161  b.  ;  and  £2O,  211  b.  The  winner  to  be  sold  by  auction  after  the  race,  and  any  surplus  to  go  to  the  fund.  Half  a  mile.  11  Subscribers.  Ten  started,  and  the  following  were  placed  .  Mr.  Hadland's  b  g  Hyacinth,  4  yrs.  (L2O)  Mr.  G.  Taylor's  b  f  Game  Chicken,  3  yrs.  (X2O)  2  Mr.  Harrison's  eh  f  Lady  Ponsonby,  2  yrs.  (20)  3  The  Croxteth  Welter  Cup,  in  specie  of  50  sovs,  added  to  a  sweepstakes  of  10  sovs.  each.  Certain  winners  extra.  Riders  qualified  as  for  the  Welter  Cup,  at  Chester,  and  jockies  allowed  to  ride  on  carrying  Sibs  extra.  Winner  to  pay  5  SOTS.  towards  expenses.  Mile  and  a  half.  22  subs.  Won  by  a  neck.  Ten  horses  started,  and  after  an  exceedingly  well  contested  race,  being  amongst  the  ruck,  the  follow following  ing following  were  placed  :  Mr.  Parr's  b  c  Defence,  9st.  101  b.  1  Mr.  Moselly's  ch  b  Alonzo,  list.  21b  2  Mr.  Dawson's  b  c  Lerrywhent,  lOst.  81b.  3  The  steeple  chases  will  come  off  to-day.  A  Cabinet  Council  was  held  yesterday  at  the  Foreign  Office.  at  two  o'clock,  attended  by  all  the  Ministers  in  town.  The  packet  ship  Queen  of  the  West,  from  Liver LiverpoOl,  poOl, LiverpoOl,  for  New  York,  was  off  Cork  on  the  6th,  putting  back  dismasted.  The  passengers  were  all  well.  The  Peninstilar  and  Oriental  Company's  new  screw  steam-ship  Noona,  took  her  official  trial  trip  at  South Southampton,  ampton, Southampton,  on  Monday.  She  will  leave  Southampton,  for  In India,  dia, India,  on  Monday  next.  REPRESENTATION  OF  CLONMEL.—Dr.  Gray,  pro proprietor  prietor proprietor  of  the  Freeman's  Journal,  and  Mr.  John  Reynolds,  are  already  in  the  field  for  the  representation  of  Clonmel,  rendered  vacant  by  the  death  of  the  Hon.  Cecil  Lawless.  WRECK  OF  THE  EMIGRANT  SHIP  SAPPHIRE.—The  fine  ship  Sapphire,  1,140  tons,  Captain  Bird,  which  sailed  from  the  Clyde  on  the  29th  ult.  (Saturday  week,)  with  a  general  cargo  of  goods  and  passengers,  for  Melbourne,  Aus Australia,  tralia, Australia,  was  lost  off  Black  Head,  on  the  northern  coast  of  Ireland  on  the  4th  inst.  The  crew  and  passengers  escaped.  CARDINAL  WiSEMAN  BURNT  IN  EFFIGY.—On  Sat Saturday  urday Saturday  last,  at  Weymouth,  an  effigy  of  Dr.  Wiseman  (Guy  Faux  in  a  Cardinal's  hat)  was  exhibited  during  the  day,  labelledy  Cardinal  Wiseman.  In  the.  evening  there  was  a  procession,  after  which,  the  effigy  was  burnt.  0  VERLAND  MAIL.  [By  Submarine  and  Electric  Telegraph.]  TRIESTE,  Nov.  Bth,  8.30  a.m.  Thd  steamer  Calcutta  has  arrived,  after  a  run  of  113  hours,  from  Alexandria.  The  India  mail  had  arrived  at  Alexandria,  with  dates  from  Calcutta,  October  3;  Bombay,  October  11;  Burmah,  September  17;  and  Hong  Kong,  September  27.  Our  troops  in  Burmah  are  in  a  state  of  siege,  and  the  country  in  possession  of  the  followers  of  Hea Heaton  ton Heaton  and  other  chiefs  of  equal  rank,  who  give  out  that  they  are  acting  under  the  authorities  of  the  King  of  Ava.  Our  steamers  are  fired  upon  in  going  up  and  down  the  river,  and  the  country  is  becoming  a  desert  M.  James  Thomason,  the  celebrated  Governor  of  the  Agra  Presidency,  is  dead.  Reports  are  current  that  a  Russian  army  is  invading  Kiva  and  Bochara;  that  Russia  has  entered  into  an  alliance  with  Dost  Mahomed  and  with  Persia,  and  that  a  large  Persian  army  had  been  collected  in  the  valley  of  Sooltana,  for  the  purpose  of  co-operating  with  Russia  against  Turkey.  Trade  in  India,  fair.  Exchange  at  Calcutta,  2.1.  Shanghai  has  been  occupied  since  the  7th  of  Sep September  tember September  by  a  band  of  insurgents.  At  Amoy,  on  the  12th  of  September,  the  rebels  completely  routed  a  body  of  government  troops.  Mexican  dollars  are  to  be  current  in  China.  Exchange  on  London,  7s.  2d.  to  7s,"
