text
"THE  CHARGE  AGAINST  MR.  STEPHENS.  Mr.  STEPHENS,  one  of  the  medical  officers  for  the  Toxteth Toxtethpark  park Toxtethpark  district,  was  in  attendance,  in  compliance  with  the  re request  quest request  of  the  board,  to  furnish  an  explanation  with  regard  to  the  charge  preferred  against  him  of  having  refused  to  attend  the  pauper  Mary  Clare.  Mr.  BARNETT,  the  relieving  officer  by  whom  the  charge  was  preferred,  was  also  present.  Mr.  ALrAss  said  it  would  be  for  the  convenience  of  all  parties  present,  that  it  should  be  distinctly  stated  what  the  charge  was.  Mr.  BARNETT  said  his  first  charge  was,  that  Mr.  Stephens  refused  to  visit  the  pauper  Mary  Clare,  for  at  least  five  or  six  hours  ;  and,  in  the  second  place,  that  having  admitted  his  liability  to  attend,  by  going  to  her  in  the  evening,  he  had  subsequently,  up  to  the  present  date,  neglected  the  woman.  Mr.  STEPHENS  :  I  beg  to  state,  gentlemen,  as  a  positive  fact,  that  I  did  visit  the  woman.  I  wrote  to  Mr.  Barnett,  requesting  he  would  come  over  to  me;  and  when  he  did  come,  I  told  him  tnat  I  did  not  think  I  was  bound  to  attend;  that  he.  might  be  right  or  I  might  be  right;  but  that,  as  we  differed  in  opinion,  in  order  to  avoid  any  unplea unpleasantness,  santness, unpleasantness,  I  would  attend  to  the  case.  When  he  was  going  away,  he  said  to  me,  you  had  better  go  down  and  see  her  I  said,  No,  you  said  yourself  that  she  came  here  three  times,  and  she  surely  can  come  here  But  as  I  had  to  pass  the  house  in  the  evening  I  did  go  is,  and  I  saw  the  woman.  I  saw  that  her  leg  was  in  a  very  bad  state,  and  I  gave  an  order  to  have  her  sent  to  the  hospital,  directed  to  Mr.  Lathan.  He  was  the  person  who  had  a  right  to  receive  the  order,  and  I  have  no  doubt  that  the  cause  of  all  this  is  that  Mr.  Barnett  did  not  see  the  order.  He  must  have  been  under  the  impression  that  I  never  saw  the  woman.  Ido  believe  that  if  he  had  known  I  gave  that  order  he  never  would  have  asserted  that  I  did  not  visit  her.  Mr.  WENSLEY  asked  if  Mr.  Stephens  would  attend  paupers  out  of  his  district.  Mr.  STEPHENS  :  That  I  have  stated  I  did  visit  her  is  quite  sufficient  proof  I  have  done  so.  I  differ  ,in  opinion  with  the  officer;  but  that  is  no  reason  why  I  drould  refuse  or  neglect  my  duty.  Mr.  SHAW  begged  to  call  the  attention  of  the  board  to  a  report  of  the  last  day's  proceedings,  which  appeared  in  the  Mercury  of  Friday.  There  was  an  inaccuracy  in  that  report.  It  was  there  stated  that  he  (Mr.  Shaw)  said  he  was  sure,  from  the  manner  in  which  Mr.  Stephens  had  been  treated  by  the  board,  he  would  not  attend  there.  The  remarks  which  he  made,  and  which  he  was  informed  was  correctly  reported  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  which  he  had  not  seen  himself,  even  to  the  effect  that  upon  the  only  occasion  when  Mr.  Stephens  reported  an  office  to  the  board,  the  board  treated  him  in  such  an  ungentlemanly  manner  that  he  did  not  think  Mr.  Stephens  would  ever  report  another  office.  He  never  said  that  if  Mr.  Stephens  were  called  upon  he  would  not  attend.  Mr.  HORSFALL  said  that  his  impression  was  that  Mr.  Shaw  did  not  use  these  words,  and  his  manner  was  very  dis disrespectful  respectful disrespectful  to  Mr.  Barnett.  Mr.  SHAW  :  It  is  very  strange  then  that  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  which  I  understand  co  rr  ectly  reports  what  I  said,  should  be  altogether  different.  A  discussion  of  the  most  desultory  character  here  arose  re regarding  garding regarding  the  propriety  of  Mr.  Stephens's  conduct,  during  which  almost  every  gentleman  present  simultaneously  addressed  the  chairman,  and  the  greatest  confusion  pre prevailed.  vailed. prevailed.  Mr.  STEPHENS  stated  in  reply  to  the  chairman,  that  hav having  ing having  visited  the  woman  on  the  day  when  his  attendance  was  called  to  her,  and  having  given  her  an  order  for  the  hospi hospital,  tal, hospital,  his  impression  was  that  she  had  gone  there,  and  he  thought  the  relieving  officer  was  bound  to  report  when  she  refused  going  there.  He  also  stated  that  although  he  had  visited  her,  he  did  not  conceive  he  was  bound  to  attend  any  person  out  of  his  district,  but  he  did  so  in  order  to  avoid  anything  unpleasant,  until  he  received  an  order  from  the  poor  law  commisissioners  u  ,on  the  subject.  After  some  further  discussion  the  pauper  Mary  Clare,  was  called  before  the  board,  and  stated  that  Mr.  Stephens  re refused  fused refused  at  first  to  look  at  her  leg  ;  that  he  visited  her  on  the  evening  of  the  3rd  of  November,  but  did  not  order  her  any anything;  thing; anything;  that  he  called  again  and  looked  at  her  leg  last  Wed Wednesday,  nesday, Wednesday,  and  again  the  previous  night,  but  did  not  order  her  °  anythine.,  and  that  when  first  he  said  she  should  go  to  the  hospital,  she  told  him  she  would  not  do  so.  Mr.  STEPHENS  said  he  did  not  wish  to  bring  on  the  dis discussion  cussion discussion  again;  but  he  was  very  sorry  he  did  not  bring  his  apprentice  there,  who  was  present  at  the  interview  with  Mr.  Barnett,  and  could  state  that  he  did  not  refuse  to  attend  the  woman.  Finally,  after  some  further  discussion,  Mr.  M‘GEE  proposed  a  resolution  that  the  board  con considered  sidered considered  Mr.  Stephens  blameable.  Mr.  TATTERSALL  seconded  the  motion.  •  Mr.  KIRKUS  proposed  as  an  amendment  that  the  dispute  having  arisen  in  consequence  of  a  misunderstanding.,  the  board  was  satisfied  with  the  explanation  which  had  been  given.  Mr.  MILLER  seconded  the  amendment.  A  poll  was  taken,  when  there  appeared  11  for  the  motion  and  8  for  the  amendment.  The  motion  was  there therefore  fore therefore  declared  carried.  Mr.  ALPASS  moved  that  in  case  Mary  Clare  continued  to  refuse  going  into  the  hospital,  the  medical  officer  be  di directed  rected directed  to  give  her  no  further  assistance.  Mr.  KIRK.US  seconded  the  motion.  A  poll  being  taken,  the  motion  was  negatived  by  11  to  7  ;  and  a  motion  proposed  by  Mr.  Horsfall  and  seconded  by  Mr.  M'Gee,  that  the  woman  be  attended  where  she  is,  was  car carried.  ried. carried.  The  discussion  then  closed.  _  .  _  The  CHAlxains  stated  that  the  health  committee  had  agreed  to  make  a  sewer  from  Kelshaw-street,  pro provided  vided provided  the  board  give  up  the  right  to  the  sewer  in  Mill Milllane.  lane. Milllane.  The  board  then  adjourned.  The  emigration  from  Cork  for  ten  months  to  31st  ult.,  Wa3  33,263  and  for  the  like  period  last  year,  22,687.  RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  PROGRESS  OF  THE  WAR.  The  following  appeared  in  our  second  edition  of  yesterday  :  JASSY,  11TH.  The  third  and  fifth  Russian  corps  are  on  their  march,  but  up  to  the  present  time  no  fresh  troops  have  arrived  at  Jassy.  The  arrival  of  General  Budberg  is  expected,  to  preside  over  the  adminis administration  tration administration  of  Moldavia;  each  of  the  two  Principalities  is  to  have  a  separate  government.  The  consuls  of  England  and  France  arc  still  at  Jassy,  although  their  official  communications  with  the  local  govern government  ment government  have  been  interrupted  for  some  time  past.  VIENNA,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  The  Turks  have  entered  a  camp  near  Utzitza  (probably  Urbitza),  on  the  Servian  frontier.  They  have  commenced  throwing  a  bridge  across  the  Dwina,  and  have  sent  out  picquets.  The  Servians,  greatly  excited,  have  risen  as  one  man  to  defend  the  frontier.  Cannon  had  been  sent  there.  A  con conflict  flict conflict  was  expected.  The  engagement  in  which  the  Turks  are  re reported  ported reported  successful,  took  place  on  the  Highlands  of  Armenia,  between  Alexandropolis  and  Altaziach,  the  Russians  were  compelled  to  abandon  their  ground.  The  Austrian  corps  of  observation  is  concen  trating  at  Temesvar,  on  the  Servian  frontier."
