text
"THE  EAST.  MARSEILLES',  WEDNESDAY.  w  T  h  The  placeEorshe  thenes  has  arr  i  ved  from  Constantinople,  h  gia  ic STYLE=superscript  f  the  left  on  •  th  e  21st.  The  acceptance  by  ]'no  Austri  an  an  1 STYLE=superscript  ~! STYLE=superscript  1.  It  produc  e  d  pro STYLE=superscript  p  o STYLE=superscript  sition  was  k  nown  on  the  .  itnrnense  sensati  on.  A  courier  W,l,  im  me  di  a  t  e  ly  despatched  to  the  C  r  i  mea  where  it  is  understood  hostiliti  es  are  suspended.  he  son  o  f  Sti  r  b  ey  i  s  expected  at  the  third  on  CI.:  Principalities.  conference  TOWN  COUNCIL-YESTERDAY  IA  special  meeting  of  the  tow  n  council  was  held  at  . STYLE=superscript  eliven  o'clock,  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  provisions  of  the  proposed  Birkenhead  dock  bill.  The  mayor,  john  Steivaft,  Esq.,  occupied  the'chair  The  Mayor  said,  this  being  t.  syleci  council,  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  Etirirenhead  docks  bill,  it  would  be  necessary  that  the  cotincit  thould  form  themselves  into  a  committee.  Mn  nernby  'moved  that  the  council  resolve  into  a  core.  Mr.  Lloyd  seconded  the  motion,  which  The  Tos6  Clerk  1  took  eteeptiOn  to  the  council  adopting  plans  which  would  lead  to  the  expenditure  of  £850,000  ;  but,  upon  the  suggestion  of  the  mayor,  postponed  his  remarks  until  the  Cla'Uses  embodying  the  plans  came  before  the  council.  The  preamble  was  then  passed.  The  short  title  the  Liverpool  and  Birkenhead  Docks  Act,  Clauses  up  to  12,  which  were  merely  format,  vvete  thelrearnbre  of  tho  Mr.  Hodsu  the  town  clerk,  and  pateed  without  disctssi  ause  was  as  fol  Tows  of  the  act  is,  posited  w  cl  sections  have  been  de-  'III.—And  where  ith  tlie'clerk  of  the  peace  for  the  county  of  Chester,  ettsin  nuts  , STYLE=superscript  and  altered  works  in  connection  with  the  eke,  which  it  is  proposed  and  intended  to  substi substistead  stead substistead  of  certain'  parts  of  th'e  docks  and  works  hPretefore  authorised  '•o  be  constructed,  and  which,  by  t  The  Birke•thead  Docks  Act,  1855,'  the  corporation  were  required  to  construct  and  complete  in  accordance  with  the  then  snii sniigist*  gist* sniigist*  plans,  and  also  showing  the  line,  situation,  mad  levels  or  therefore-,  subject  3f  this  a,  the  corporation  niav  a'  sl•all  construct  id  maintain  the  said  new  and,  altered  works,  the  said  deposited  plans  and  sections,  and  may  and  the  construction  and  completion  of  all  such  parts  and  works  heretofore  authorised  as  shall  he  ren-  .  „  „..  ❑nneces  , STYLE=superscript  ary  by  or  incompatible  with  the  execution  of  d  new  and  altered  worksi  and  all  such  new  and  altered  Rimll  be  constructed  either  upon  the  lands  now  belong-  ?oration,  or  upon  lands  which  they  may  acquire  This  clause  had  reference  to  the  plans  prepared  by  Mr.  Hartley,  and  approved  of  by  the  dock  committee,  and,  subse subsequently,  quently, subsequently,  at  the  council.  Tim  estimated  cost  was  £850,000.  Mr.  Hodson  said  the  subject  was  one  which  very  naturally  people  wou'd  say  belonged  rather  to  a  commercial  man  than  it  possibly  could  to  him.  But  the  subject  had  been  so  much  dis discussed  cussed discussed  in  Liverpool  since  the  question  of  an  amalgamation  between  Liverpool  and  Birkenhead  commenced,  and  the  sub subject  ject subject  involved  such  a  very  large  amount  of  money,  that  he  had  had  several  communications  made  to  him  by  mercantile  men,  that  he  had  a  seat  in  the  council,  requested  that  who,  knov  he  would  saKe  part  in  the  discussion  that  day.  He  could  assure  the  council  that  he  approached  the  subject  with  very  great  diffidence,  because  he  was  quite  aware  there  were  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  in  the  room  long  connected  with  commercial  matters,  and  who  had  devoted  long  and  laborious  time  to  the  interests  of  Liverpool,  connected  with  the  dock  estate.  He,  therefore,  hoped  Ley  would  consider  that  the  remarks  he  felt  called  upon  to  make  that  day  were  made  in  a  spirit  for  the  best  of  the.  town  of  which  they  were  all  governors;  and  believing,  as  he  conscientiously  did,  that  the  subject  now  before  the  council  was  one  of  vast  importance  to  Liverpool,  he  hoped  he  should  be  patiently  listened  to  in  the  remarks  he  had  to  make.  Ire  fully  agreed,  and  had  always  agreed,  that  it  was  wise  of  Liverpool  to  become  connected  and  amalgamated  with  Birkenhead.  In  fact,  be  was  very  young  when  the  subject  first  entered  into  the  minds  of  the  people  of  Liverpool,  and  even  then  he  thought  it  an  unwise  policy  to  have  sold  Birkenhead.  He  regretted  when  Mr.  Bramley-Moore  was  chairman  of  the  dock  committee  that  he  did  not  at  that  time  get  Birkenhead.  But  time  rolled  on,  and  it  was  at  last,  thought  fit,  in  the  wisdom  of  the  council,  with  which  he  fully  agreed,  that  they  should  get  Birkenhead.  They  obtained  Birkenhead,  and,  he  believed,  at  a  cost  of  nearly  £1,200,000.  This  was,  he  admitted,  one  step  in  the  right  road,  providing  that  caution  and  prudence  were  used  with  the  estate.  But  they  were  now  tilled  upon  to  carry  out  the  act  of  parliament,  which,  if  car carried  ried carried  out  in  its  entirety,  would  involve  an  amount  of  expendi expenditure  ture expenditure  to  the  town  which  it  was  dreadful  to  contemplate,  and  upon  which  no  remunerative  interest  could  be  brought  to  bear,  and  he  therefore  did  think  they  were  called  upon  to  consider  carefully  the  question  before  them,  and  .to  ask  upon  what  ground  they  were  required  to  expei.d  an  amount  which  he  held  to  be  totally  unnecessary  , STYLE=superscript  at  the  present  time,  and  why  they  could  not  make  those  dock•  , STYLE=superscript  vailable  for  the  present  for  the  purposes  of  commerce,  with  some  smaller  outlay  than  that  proposed  by  this  bill,  and  go  on  con constructing  structing constructing  the  work  as  time  might  require  and  as  businesss  might  improve  ?  Now  he  was  no+  speaking  merely  his  own  views.  He  was  speaking  upon  the  views  of  an  engineer  of  great  celebrity.  lie  had  gone  across  the  water  several  times,  for  the  purpose  of  going  over  the  entirety  of  the  estate  with  men  whom  he  considered  well  qualified  to  judge  of  the  question,  and  who  might  fairly  give  an  honest  opinion.  The  only  way  in  which  they  Could  judge  of  a  question  of  such  importance  was  by  what  was  before  them  ;  and  therefore  they  had  facts  now  which  he  should  point  to.  He  had  watched  the  rise  and  progress  of  Liverpool  ;  and  every  man  who  took  an  interest  in  his  native  town,  must  be  proud  of  the  progress  Liverpool  bad  made.  She  had  gone  on  more  rapidly  than  almost  any  commercial  town  in  the  world  ;  and  he  might  say,  without  fear  of  contradiction,  that  no  commercial  town  in  the  world  had  risen  more  rapidly.  Ile  was  not  exactly  certain  as  to  the  amount,  but  ho  thought  they  might  take  the  money  tail  out  already  as  about  £1,200,000.  In  addition  to  that,  £850,000  was  now  proposed  to  h  e  laid  out  within  two  years.  In  this  case,  as  in  others,  he  looked  with  su  , STYLE=superscript  picion  at  the  estimated  co.t  of  works,  and  thought  it  more  than  probable  bat  a  consideranly  larger  sum  would  be  required  than  the  So  far  as  he  could  judge  the  expenditure  would  £850,000  now  ;pokn  of  .  ...,.....  he  something  like  £lOO,OOO  a  year.  There  they  had  two  millions  and  more  of  money  laid  out,  and  he  had  been  trying  to  find  out  wl:at  had  been  the  return  from  the  Birkenhead  estate.  It  would  he  a  farce  indeed  to  mention  what  the  r'turn  had  been  for  the  last  12  or  18  months.  But  supposing  that  Birkenhead  went  on  as  rapidly  as  Liverpool  had  done,  even  then  it  would  take  more  than  thirty  years  to  pay  the  outlay  for  the  interest  of  the  money  tl.ey  were  now  about  to  layout  upon  these  works!  It  would  take  30  yearsabsolutely  to  pay  the  interest  of  the  money  without  one  penny  for  work working  ing working  expenses,  or  anything  of  that  sort.  Now  he  would  ask  the  council  whethbr  it  wa  s  w  i  se  f  or  t  h  em  to  co  and  lay  out  that  large  sum  of  money  upon  a  scheme  of  that  sort,  which  was  in  a  great  measure  visionary,  because  they  must  bear  in  mind  that  the  Birkenhead  dock  committee  themselves  had  been  working  their  estate  to  the  best  advantage  for  the  last  several  years.  They  could  all  see  how  it  had  gone  on.  He  could  not  understand  how  the  dock  committee  of  Liverpool,  and  the  corporation  of  Liverpool,  with  the  most  ample  dock  space  which  they  were  now  procuring  at  the  north  end  of  Liverpool,  with  the  vast  sums  of  money  they  were  also  laying  out  at  the  south  end  of  Liverpool,  with  the  great  improvements  they  were  making  in  the  docks,  how  on  earth  they  could  ever  expect  to  make  them  profitable  works  while  constructing  such  large  and  tremendous  works  as  they  now  proposed  to  construct  at  Birkenhead.  An  engineer  told  him—of  course  it  was  a  subject  for  discussion,  and  he  would  be  replied  to  if  he  was  wrong— wrongthat  that wrongthat  a  scheme  could  he  laid  out,  by  which  Birkenhead,  for  about  £140,000,  could  be  placed  in  a  position  to  supply  all  requirements  for  a  long  period,  for  ten  or  twelva  years.  Would  it  not  be  a  prudent  course  for  them  to  have  laid  nut  such  a  scheme,  and  gone  on,  year  by  year,  expending  little  and  little,  just  as  the  requirements  of  the  port  would  warrant  ?  Would  that  not  have  been  the  prudent  course,  which  any  man  would  follow  in  the  management  of  his  own  estate  ?  At  the  last  meeting  but  one,  one  of  the  council,  Mr.  Hornby,  told  them  very  justly,  the  position  of  the  corporation,  and  drew  a  very  melancholy  picture  of  the  corporate  estate  of  Liverpool.  No  wonder  it  was  a  melancholy  picture.  He  (Mr.  Ho  ?son)  thought  it  would  be  a  melancholy  picture  indeed—nothing  short  of  a  rate  to  be  levied,  under  the  name  of  a  Birkenhead  rate,  upon  the  community,  to  pay  the  deficit.  He  had  himself  asked  the  chairman  of  the  dock  committee,  whether  that  body  would  buy  the  docks?  Not  they  !  until  they  were  a  paying  concern.  He  did  not  blame  them,  for  no  man  would  do  so.  There  was  a  separate  &amp;Inks,  which  he  did  not  at  all  like,  kept  by  the  dock  committee  for  the  Birkenhead  docks,  and  a  separate  account  for  the  docks  of  Liverpool.  What  did  that  mean?  Why,  that  every  particle  of  the  deficiency  which  occurred  in  the  working  of  the  Birkenhead  dock  estate  the  Liverpool  corporation  would  have  to  pay.  If  that  were  the  case,  be  contended  it  would  involve  £50,000  a  year  for  many  years  to  come,  before  they  would  ever  be  able  to  make  these  docks  a  paying  concern.  Gentlemen  might  gloss  it  over  with  beautiful  colours  about  time  rolling  on,  trade  increasing,  com commerce  merce commerce  swelling,  and  all  that,  but  let  them  take  things  as  they  had  existed,  and  what  had  Birkenli  :ad  done  for  the  last  eight  years?  Well  did  he  recollect'  wLen  Jackson  in'  some  o  hie  glowing  s:toeeltes  d  r'  a  e  •  '  would  rt''  Liverpo.l.  IT.-  n  Cie  t"
