text
"Fig.,  who  by  rvice  to  the  Mazdale  they  are  happy  to  s  influence  - STYLE=superscript  an  1  activit  ,t  and  zealous  to  secure  their  effi  cent  ds  are  atp,  esent  too  In  the  mean  n  met  in  a  manner  the  most  unexpected  Drummond  Anderson,  the  incumbent,  .reet,  in  whose  dis+rict  the  Maxdaler  )st  kindly  tendered  to  the  committee  5  services,  both  as  chaplain  and  tree  opening  of  the  In  the  most  tittee  desi-e  to  offer  their  most  1!  those  duties  grateful  acknowledgments  to  Mr.  Anderson,  for  his  self-denying  zeal,  and  generous  devotedness  to  the  interests  of  the  institution.  They  are  also  indebted  to  the  Rev.  Isaac  Holmes  and  the  ReV.  Thomas  Moore,  for  their  kind  aid  to  the  chaplain,  by  which,  h.  has  been  enabled  to  afford  the  inmates  thb  green  benefit  of  a  second  service  on  the  evening  of  each  Sabbath.  The  public  are  awai  e  that  to  the  Christian  zeal  and  energy  of  Mr.  Hoboes,  under  the  Divine  blessing,  the  origination  of  the  Church  of  England  Magd  den  Institution  is  to  be  ascribed.  It  is  apparent,  that  such  to  institution  as  thii  must  mainly  depend  for  its  permanent  support  upon  -ninual  setbscrptioos.  For  although  t  - STYLE=superscript  i.e  utmost  care  is  taken  to  render  the  labour  of  the  inmates  useful  and  remunerative.  avd  already  the  gross  receipts  of  the  laundry  amount  to  five  guineas  per  week,  yet  there  must  of  necessity  be  a  large  margin  of  deficiency,  wlych  can  only  be  met  by  annual  subscriptions.  They  are  sorry  to  say  that  their  present  list  of  subscribers  is  very  limited,  and  the  total  of  income  from  this  source  utterly  inadequate  to  meet  the  necessary  expenses  of  the  institution.  The  Food  work  is  well  begun,  it  is  going  forward  hopefully,  and  the  comm:ttee  e  •rnestly  app  .al  to  tht  public  to  aid  them  in  sustaining,  with  efficiency,  this  blessed  work,  and  in  extend  rig  their  means  of  shelterinz  these  poor  petitioners  to  our  Christian  charity,  and  of  leading  them  by  God's  grace,  to  Rim  came  to  seek,  and  to  save,  tht.  Mr.  Martin  submitted  the  statement  of  accounts,  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  total  amount  received  in  sub subscriptions,  scriptions, subscriptions,  donations.  &amp;c.,  since  the  commencement  of  the  institution,  was  1,3531.  Bs.  10d.,  and  that  after  payment  of  all  expenses  up  to  the  present,  there  was  a.  balance  to  its  credit  of  801.  Their  present  subscription  list  amounted  to  1501.  a  year,  and  estimating  the  receipts  from  washing  at  51.  a  week,  their  annual  income  would  be  400/.,  but  as  he  estimated  their  annual  expenditure  at  600  z.,  additional  exertion  would  be  required  to  bring  up  the  income  to  that  amount.  Mr.:E.  Higgin  moved,  that  the  report  be  adopted,  prin printed,  ted, printed,  and  circulated  amongst  the  subscribers.  He  observed  that  the  want  of  the  institution  had  been  long  felt  in  Liverpool,  as  the  other  institutions  had  proved  inadequate  for  the  purposes  intended,  and  that,  as  on  its  establish establishment,  ment, establishment,  it  seemed  most  important  that  there  should  be  introduced  into  it,  the  daily  , STYLE=superscript  religious  element,  under  the  guidance  of  a  chaplain,  it  became  necessary  that  it  should  be  under  the  care  of  one  religious  body.  The  idea  having  originated  with  a  clergyman  of  the  Churc'l  of  England,  ltev.  W.  Mime,  it  became  accordingly  a  Church  of  Eng England  land England  institution,  but  it  was  not,  on  that  account,  in  any  degree  sectarian.  (Hear  s  hear.)  The  chaplain  never  inquired  from  those  who  sought  to  become  members  of  it,  to  what  religioUs  body  they  belonged,  (hear,  hear),  it  was  sufficient  to  him  to  know  that  they  came  there  regretting  their  past  life,  and  anxious  to  be  reformed.  There  was  ample  room  for  this,  and  every  other  institution  in  the  town,  and  he  had  no  doubt  that  the  public  would  accord  to  it  the  support  which  would  render  it  efficient  in  accom accomplishing  plishing accomplishing  the  great  and  Christian  object  it  has  in  view.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  - STYLE=superscript  Rev.  D.  Anderson  seconded  the  motion.  He  said  :  The  brief  period  that  we  have  been  in  operation,  and  the  limited  extent  of  our  operations  for  a  great  part  of  that  period  will  reasonably  account  for  the  paucity  of  particulars;  still  there  are  some  very  striking  circumstances  connected  with  the  Magdalen  Instituti  on  that'  I  should  like  to  bring  before  the  attention  of  the  meeting,  and  the  meeting  may  be  assured  that  in  anything  I  state  I  will  state  the  naked  truth.  The  colouring  of  matters  in  reference  to  this  particular  class,  and  the  exaggeration  of  circumstances,  are  very  natural  as  what  a  man  may  fall  into  without  any  malice  prepense  from  the  devotedness  that  he  feels  to  the  work,  but  I  think  it  is  a  matter  to  be  depre deprecated,  cated, deprecated,  and  one  that  I  think  it  ought  to  be  a  sacred  duty  to  avoid.  It  has  been  generally  supposed  that  the  work  of  reclaiming  fallen  women  is  almost  an  impossibility,  and  by  many  our  efforts  in  this  direction  are  almost  derided.  It  is  true  that  a  woman's  fall  produces  a  great  moral  deterioration  —that  when  she  perseveres  in  a  life  of  infamy  her  nature  becomes  fearfully  debased  —but  Ido  not  think  there  is  any  scriptural  ground  for  the  assumption  of  any  difficulty  in  the  case,  and  I  think  our  Lord's  statement,  and  dealing,  in  regard  to  itovould  bear  a  very  different  aspect.  Then  there  is  this  on  the  other  side  that  there  is  created  by  the  life  itself,  generally  speaking;  a  feeling  of  unutterable  misery.  When  a  woman  awakes  from  the  delusion  under  which  she  has  gone  astray,  and  when  the  retributive  providence  of  God  begins  to  act  in  her,  and  she  awakes  to  some  perception  of  the  tremendous  precipice  into  which  she  has  fallen,  and  the  state  of  degradation  and  guilt  in  which  she  then  lives,  the  agony  is  something  more  lacerating  and  dreadful  than  we  can  form  any  conception  of.  So  that  here  there  is  nothing  of  that  self-complacency,  and  self-righteousness,  which  form  a  great  impediment  to  the  effects  of  the  gospel,  and  the  salvation  of  the  soul.  No  darkness  of  the  heart  can  hide  from  them  the  conviction  that  they  are  lost  and  undone  sinners,  and  that  is  a  great  point  gained.  I  would  further  observe,  in  regard  to  the  necessity  of  this  work,  that  it  has  been  described  in  a  way  I  had  little  expectation  of  myself.  We  all  know  there  is  a  vast  number  of  this  class  in  large  towns  like  this,  and  we  are  also  familiar  with  the  endless  ramification  of  ruin  and  misery  connected  with  them.  I  think  it  was  Baron  Parke,  at  the  last  Summer  assizes,  feeling  the  enormous  influence  of  this  class  upon  the  crime  of  the  town,  urged,  in  his  charge  to  the  grand  jury,  upon  the  public  of  Liverpool  the  necessity  of  female  reformatories,  as  one  of  the  most  needful  and  useful  means  for  the  abatement  of  crime,  and  the  improvement  of  the  state  of  society  in  this  town.  No  person  can  be  ignorant  of  the  vast  numbers  who  follow  this  wretched  life,  and  the  evils  connected  with  that  life;  but  whether  they  would  be  willing,  in  any  numbers,  to  enter  a  Magdalen  Institution,  and  quit  a  life  of  infamy,  was  a  ques question  tion question  long  debated.  Our  experience  on  this  point  is  decisive.  We  have  not  sought  out  the  lost.  We  have  not  gone  into  lanes  and  streets  to  compel  them  to  come  in;  we  have  had  no  need.  The  lost  have  sought  us  out.  All  that  we  had  to  do  was  to  open  the  door,  and  the  fact  was  that  we  could  within  the  last  eleven  months  have  filled  our  house  three  times  over  with  women  voluntarily  applying,  and  entreating,  to  be  admitted  to  a  place  of  repentance.  (Hear,  hear.)  Nor  is  this  surprising,  when  the  miseries  of  their  life  of  infamy  is  such  as  to  drive  many  of  them  to  attempt  to  force  the  gates  of  life  itself.  There  is  now  one  woman  in  the  institution,  who  attempted  suicide  three  times,  and  there  is  not  a  single  woman  there  who  has  not  assured  me  that  she  would  gladly  have  laid  down  her  head  and  died  if  she  had  not  been  afraid  of  death.  That  shows  ns  how  very  necessary  a  work  it  is,  and,  still  more,  how  large  the  amount  o  f  work  is  that  rema  i  ns  to  bedone.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  rev.  gentleman  mentioned  some  instances  of  women  who  are  now  in  the  institution,  and  who,  according  to  their  own  statement,  had  been  induced  to  seek  admission  into  it  by  the  exhortations  of  members  of  the  Working  Men's  Society  in  connection  with  St.  John's  church.  He  also  enumerated  several  instances  illustrative  of  the  misery  attending  the  life  of  fallen  women,  and  con concluded  cluded concluded  by  expressing  a  hope  that  the  pub public  lic public  of  Liverpool  will  not  allow  the  work  for  which  this  institution  has  been  established,  to  go  down  for  want  of  support,  but  that  rather  they  would  give  the  means  of  extending  it,  (Hear,  hear.)  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Holme  moved,  and  Mr.  Duncan  seconded,  the  second  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  adopted,  and  was  to  the  effect,  that  the  meeting  desired  to  express  its  grateful  sense  of  the  goodness  of  Almighty  God,  in  the  measure  of  success  vouchsafed  to  the  commencement  of  this  important  work,  and  earnestly  appealed  to  the  Christian  public  of  Liverpool,  to  contribute  the  means  of  sustaining  and  extending  the  operations  of  the  Magdalen  Institution,  The  Rev.  Mr.  Moore  moved  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  to  the  chairman,  and  in  doing  so  said,  that  the  Rev.  Mr.  Pollock  would  have  been  present,  but  that  he  had  suddenly  been  called  away  to  Chester.  teixi  7Teethseedth,Rev.  Mr.  C  ar  t  er  ,  c  h  aplain  of  the  borough  jail,  s STYLE=superscript  econded  the  reso  l  ut  i  on.  He  stated,  that  if  there  were  five  e  h  e  number  could  fi  o  l  f  l  institutions  t  u,;iriotnhs  true  nueLiverpoolan  d  sisincere  e  t  e  h  r  a  e  t  a  p  t  e  n  p  i  r  t  e  e  s  n  e  t  it  s  t  ,  in  six  months,  and  that  on  that  very  d  a  y  h  e  had  been  theses,pd  earnestly  impressined  by  two  cases  t  g  o  et  them  int  o  Re  ow  instit.  o  w  w;  n  r,  t  b  o  u  f  t  h  ro  e  o  c  m  o  ,  nl  e  d  ith  n  e  o  r  t  obtain  admis  s  i  on  for  them  into  the  instituti  ons  in  Ma'ncheisnthgeirs  to  Liverpool.  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted  ;  after  which  the  meeting  separated.  PUBLIC  EXECUTIONS  IN  TURICEY.--Ss  t  rns,,  Dec.  31.  The  tv.o  Greeks  who  were  condemned  t  o  d  eath  for  the  murder  from  political  fanaticism,  on  Sep.  16,  o  f  a  gunner  named  Dalidec,  of  the  French  brig  the  Olivier,  were  informed  yesterday  morning  that  they  must  prepare  for  their  death,  and  they  accordingly  received  the  consolations  of  their  religion.  They  were  then  taken  under  a  strong  escort  to  the  place  called  the  Chaan  Hane,  in  this  town,  and  there  having  knelt  down,  and  extended  their  necks,  their  heads  were  swept  off,  each  by  a  single  blow  of  a  sword.  The  bodies  were  afterwards  left  for  some  hours  on  the  ground,  and  were  then  buried  in  the  cemetery  of  the  Greek  hospital.  The  execution  caused  a  great  sensa sensation,  tion, sensation,  the  public  having  thought  that  the  sentence,  from  the  delay  which  took  place  in  carrying  it  into  effect,  had  been  commuted.  This  morning  three  other  Greeks,  who  formed  part  of  a  band  of  brigands  who  last  summer  com committed  mitted committed  several  assassinations  in  the  environs  of  Dour Dournabat,  nabat, Dournabat,  were  also  exeouted.—lmpartial."
