text
"..  --- STYLE=superscript  RUSSIA.  We  have  received  the  Russian  journals  to  the  mate  of  the  Ist  inst.  The  Invalide  Busse  of  that  date  publishes  its  continuation  of  the  extracts  from  Prince  G-ortscla-  ith  to  the  akoff's  diary  of  operations  from  the  16th  of  December.  It  says—  In  this  space  of  time  nothing  has  occurred  in  the  Crimea,  except  some  reconnoissances  and  outpost  skirmishes.  Thus,  to  ascertain  as  far  as  possible  the  position  and  works  of  the  enemy  on  the  south  side  of  Sebastopol,  a  sloop  and  three  boats,  under  the  command  of  Lieut.  Dolgoff,  were  sent  on  the  night  between  the  sth  and  6th  of  December  towards  the  South  Bay,  whi  oh  separates  the  town  from  the  Karabelnaia.  That  bold  officer,  leaving  the  boats  which  brought  him  between  the  Paul  battery  and  Woron.  zoff  roads  and  quay,  landed  near  the  crane,  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  Ensign  Oskoloff,  Quartermaster  Stepa Stepanoff,  noff, Stepanoff,  and  the  pilot  Mixhailoff.  Thence  he  advanced  as  far  as  the  docks;  but  at  a  short  distance  from  the  wood-yard  he  came  upon  a  corps  de  garde  of  tho  enemy  sitting  round  a  fire,  whereupon  ho  returned  to  the  sloop.  Another  attempt  :to  land  at  the  centre  of  the  bridge  of  the  South  Bay  also  failed.  After  these  two  attempts,  our  men  took  the  direc  •  tion  of  the  New  Admiralty,  and  landed  near  the  Marson  Carenage.  They  came  upon  a  sentinel,  whom  Quarter  master  Stepanoff  felled  to  the  ground,  but  a  general  alarm  was  spread  among  the  enemy,  and  they  were  compelled  to  beat  a  retreat.  They  limited  themselves  to  a  reconnoissance  of  the  side  of  the  bay.  Despite  the  darkness  'they  were  enabled  to  ascertain  that  the  Allies  occupy  the  Old  Admiralty  with  considerable  forces,  as  also  the  houses  and  contiguous  magazines.  From  the  shouts  of  the  sentinels  it  was  ascertained  that  the  shore  of  the  South  Bay  is  guarded  by  the  English.  The  Invalids  also  publishes  a  short  version  of  the  cavalry  affair  near  Kertch,  to  which  we  have  already  given  publicity."
