text
",12,,vY4vgA.Z/-  BY  ROYAL  LETTERS  PATENT.  THE  PATENTEE  Begs  to  give  Notice  to  Manufacturers  in  general,  that  he  has  now  completed  his  arrangements  for  Licensing  his  PATENT  BEAM,  for  the  Weaving  by  Power,  of  Linen  and  other  yarns  of  a  similar  texture.  This  Beam  is  calculated  to  remove  the  hitherto  insur insurmountable  mountable insurmountable  difficulty  of  taking  away  the  Cloth  from  the  Reed  with  the  regularity  required,  and  to  enable  these  yarns  to  be  Woven  with  the  Positive  Taking-up  Motion,  which  effectually  coils  up  the  cloth  as  each  shot  of  weft  is  thrown  in  •  is  positive  and  perfectly  uniform  ;  can  be  readily  varied  suit  any  number  of  shots  or  picks  ;  and  these  are  obtained  with  the  greatest  possible  regularity  in  count,  without  being  subject  to  the  slightest  variation,  through  the  negligence  or  inattention  of  the  weaver.  Terms  :  —Ten  shillings  per  Loom.  Nett  cash,  when  set  to  work.  Parties  contracting  for  the  Patent-right  of  Looms,  and  paying  in  advance,  previous  to  their  being  set  to  work,  will  be  allowed  a  discount  of  21  per  cent.  for  50  looms,  increasing  21  per  cent.  for  each  extra  50,  up  to  1,000.  Manufacturers  will  be  held  responsible  for  the  payment  of  the  Patent-right,  and  are  cautioned  not  to  use  the  improve improvement,  ment, improvement,  without  an  immediate  settlement  with  the  Patentee;  and  all  persons  are  cautioned  against  in  any  way  infringing  on  this  patent,  which  is  taken  for  the  protection  of  a  cut  or  carved  beam  (for  adapting  the  Positive  Taking-up  Motion  to  the  weaving,  by  power,  of  linen,  and  other  yarns  of  a  similar  texture,)  made,  either  solid  or  hollow,  of  any  metal,  metallic  or  other  substance,  and  the  principle  of  the  inven invention,  tion, invention,  and  method  of  applying  it  otherwise  the  Patentee  will  be  compelled  to  resort  to  measures  which  will  enable  him  to  maintain  his  rights,  and  which  he  would  regret  being  obliged  to  adopt.  He  will  consider  further  caution  unnecessary.  For  further  information  and  Licenses,  apply  to  the  Pa Patentee,  tentee, Patentee,  EDWARD  THOMAS,  at  Bedford-street  Factory,  Belfast.  P1_TB00159 LINE  OF  AUSTRALIAN  PACKETS.  Goods  shipped  by  the  above  line  are  landed  on  the  Wharf  without  delay,  the  owners  having  lighters  for  the  purpose.  Carries  a  full  Band  of  Music,  as  well  as—Chess,  „Pack-,  gammon,  and  Draft  Boards,  for  the  amusement  of  the  Passengers.  FOR  MELBOURNE,  FORT  PHILIP,  With  Passengers,  Parcels,  Specie  (having  bullion  safes),  and  a  limited  quantity  of  light  freight.  To  sail  6th  January.  The  celebrated  clipper  Packet-ship  INDIAN  QUEEN,  CHRISTOPHER  MILL,  Commander.  1 STYLE=superscript  ,041  tons  register,  A  1  at  Lloyd's,  has  just  completed  her  fret  voyage  to  Melbourne  and  back,  including  detention  abroad,  in  Six  Months  and  Eleven  days,  being  the  shortest  on  record,  the  Marco  Polo  excepted  ;  her  accommodation  for  Passengers  is  of  a  class  rarely  to  be  met  with,  and  the  atten attention  tion attention  shown  by  the  commander  is  well  known.—For  terms  apply  to  the  owners,  JAMES  BAINES  &amp;  CO.  P1_TB00160 FOR  MELBOURNE  WHARF,  0.11  The  A  B  E  1  Briti  LANA  sh-built  Barque  208  Tons,  J.  B.  WILSON,  Commander.  This  vessel  is  favourably  known  in  the  Lisbon  trade  for  r STYLE=superscript  apid  passages  and  the  good  delivery  of  her  cargo.  with  greater  part  of  her  freight  being  engag  ed, STYLE=superscript  will  meet  'nth  dispatch.---For  freight  or  passage  apply  to  NEILL,  SANDERSON,  &amp;  Co.,  3,  Rumford-place.  P1_TB00161 HORSE  CLOTHING  &amp;  SADDLERY  WAREHOUSE.  ASKEW  &amp;  CO.  respectfully  tender  their  C  •  thanks  to  their  numerous  patrons  in  Liverpool  and  throughout  the  United  Kingdom  for  the  liberal  patronage  bestowed  upon  them  during  the  last  twelve  years,  and  beg  to  announce  that  their  STOCK  of  HORSE  CLOTHING,  HORSE  RUGS,  RAILWAY  WRAPPERS,  SADDLERY,  and  every  article  connected  with  the  trade,  is  now  replete,  and  will  be  offered  at  the  usual  moderate  prices,  which  have  obtained  for  C.  A  and  Co.,  together  with  their  system  busi business,  ness, business,  such  an  extensive  connection.  Their  noted  strapped  Kersey  CART  HORSE  SHEETS  always  on  hand  in  great  variety.—  C.  ASKEW  &amp;  C  0  .  ,  MANUFACTURERS,  &amp;c.,  17,  RANELAGH-STREET,  (OPPOSITE  THE  WATERLOO  HOTEL),  LIVERPOOL.  P1_TB00162 DA  vill  in;  P1_TB00163 Iteo  l  ble  ,ret  rio  P1_TB00164 woo  rges.  ides  at  i$  r  thl  P1_TB00165 --- STYLE=superscript  's  90,7  13,7  16,  8 STYLE=superscript  19,  I"
