text
"MANCHESTER  At  the  Royal  Infirmary,  on  view  of  the  body  of  George  North,  of  63,  Bradford-road,  port  er  ,  age  d  42,  w  h  o  has  left  a  widow  and  six  children  to  lament  his  untimely  loss.  Walter  Henry  Holt  stated  that  he  was  in  the  employ  of  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway  Company,  as  was  also  the  deceased.  About  half-past  12  o'clock  on  Monday  afternoon  they  were  drawing  two  waggons,  an  empty  one  and  a  full  one  on  the  branch  lines  at  the  warehouses  of  the  Oldliqn  - STYLE=superscript  •  wzGlie3s  urove  the  horse,  which  was  fastened  to  the  front.  The  deceased  coupled  the  waggons,  and  then  when  the  first  waggon  was  drawn  on  the  train-table  it  went  against  a  scotch,  went  back,  and  was  going  off  the  train traintable,  table, traintable,  when  the  daceased  tried  to  get  between  the  two  wag waggons  gons waggons  to  put  the  break  on.  He  was  caught  between  the  buffers  and  the  two  waggons,  knocked  down,  and  severely  crushed  by  the  waggons.  He  was  removed  to  the  Royal  In Infirmary,  firmary, Infirmary,  where  he  died  the  same  afternoon:  It  was  stated  that  the  deceased,  who  had  been  only  two  or  three  months  in  the  situation  he  held  at  the  time  of  his  death,  was  quite  sober  at  the  time  of  the  accident.  Verdict  At  the  house  of  Richard  Perking,  Union  Farm,  Long  Millgate,  on  view  of  the  body  of  Elizabeth  Birchnall,  wife  of  John  Birchnall,  spinner,  Deansgate.  James  Hardman,  of  Newgate,  Longmill-gate,  small-ware  weaver,  stated  that  his  wife  was  deceased's  daughter,  and  that  the  deceased  had  lived  with  them  a  fortnight.  She  could  do  nothing  for  her herself,  self, herself,  and  had  a  small  sum  of  money  allowed  her  by  the  parochial  authorities.  Between  five  and  six  o'clock  on  Sa Saturday  turday Saturday  evening,  witness  had  gone  to  the  coal-hole  to  open  a  door,  and  on  returning,  and  when  about  to  sit  down,  he  found  the  deceased  had  fainted.  She  previously  seemed  as  well  as  usual,  but  had  been  subject  to  attacks  of  diarrhore  all  the  week.  On  finding  her  in  the  condition  in  which  she  was,  he  sent  for  Mr.  Franklin,  surgeon,  but  before  his  arrived  she  was  a  corpse.  Mr.  Franklin  was  called,  and  he  stated  that  he  had  made  a  post  mortent  examination  of  the  body,  and  found  that  death  had  been  caused  by  ossifica ossification  tion ossification  of  the  valves  of  the  heart.  At  the  Feather's  Inn,  on  London  Road,  on  view  of  tho  body  of  Ann  Davis,  wife  of  William  Davis,  sixty-one  years  of  age.  The.  deceased  was  travelling  from  Cheste  r  t  o  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  and,  on  getting  near  to  Lon.-  - STYLE=superscript  4,  station,  she  opened  the  door  of  the  railway  carnage„fhicb  and  in  attempting  to  alight,  befor  h.  nunutesalter•  appeared  that  the  plaintiff,  with  others,  was  employed  by  the  defendant  to  discharge  an  American  vessel,  in  the  Brunswick  Dock.  They  were  to  be  paid  3s,  6d.  a  dayybut  about  10  o'clock  in  the  forenoon  they  struck  for  an  advance  of  6d.  After  some  deliberation,  the  defendant  acceded  to  the  demand,  bat  the  men  did  not  return  to  their  work  until  1  o'clock,  PA.  did  not  accordingly  work  nut  the  full  day.  told  the  plaintiff  that  when  a  man  once  began  work  he  had  no  right  to  strike  in  the  middle  of  the  day.  If  be  wanted  to  make  a  new  bargain,  he  should  make  it  dater  in  the  evening  or  before  commencing  work;  but,  having,  once  commenc,d  it,  he  had  no  right  to  strike  in  the  middle  of  the  day.  He  should  -allow  him  for  three threequarters  quarters threequarters  of  a_day,  the  time  for  which  he  had  worked%  BAwxs  v.  MOORS.—The  plaintiff  is  a  public  liaise  agent,  and  the  defendant  a  publican  ;  and  the  present  action  was  brought  to  recover  £7  ss.  conntission'on  £l9O,  amount  of  purchase  money  paid  by  tho  defendant  for  the  good  will  of  ti  public  house,  the  plaintiff  being  the  agent  in  the  transac transaction.  tion. transaction.  Mr.  was  for  the  plaintiff.  The  defendant  did  not  appear,  and  the  claim  was  allowed.  APDON.A.Ln  v.  ENGLAND.--The  defendant  is  the  Rev.  'England,  and  the  'plaintifr  i  who  was  a  servant  in  his  *employment,  sought  to  7 STYLE=superscript  recoter'  three  weeks'  wages  from  him,  to  be  calculatp-,1  that  the  plaint  at  the  rate  of  £7  a-year.  It  appeared  entered  the  Rev.  'gentleman's  service  on  the  27th  July,  and  that  she  left  the  house  on  the  evening  of  the  19th,  of  Aug.,  under  the  pretence  t  h  at  s  h  e  was  go  i  ng  to  visit  a  '''.,ctor.  She  did  not  return  on  that  night,  and,  when  spoken  to  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Eng'and,  she  spi  slily  gave  evidence  that,  however  weak  in  physical  strength  she  might  be,  her  tongue  was  as  well  hung,  and  as  sharp,  as  rumour,  though  perhaps  falsely,  says  all  womens'  tongues  are.  The  defen defendant  dant defendant  said  that  he  would  not  have  defended  the  present  action  were  it  not  that  an  impression  had  gone  abroad  among  servants,  that  he  would  rather  pay  whatever  might  be  de demanded  manded demanded  of  him,  than  appear  in  court.  His  Honor  hoped  that  the  Rev.  gentleman  was  mistaken  in  that  idea,  and  ob observed,  served, observed,  that  he  did  not  know  why  a  clergyman  should  not  defend  an  action  as  well  as  anybody  else.  It  appearing,  by  the  evidence,  that  the  plaintiff's  conduct,  while  in  the  em employment,  ployment, employment,  was  not  what  it  should  be,  his  honour  said  that  he  would  allow  her  Bs.  for  the  three  weeks,  but  her  conduct  he  conceived,  did  not  entitle  her  to  the  costs.  As  to'the  de defendant,  fendant, defendant,  he  thought  there  was  no  discredit  on  his  part  in  defending  the  action  TRADE  - STYLE=superscript  COMBINATIONS  Picx.tirr  v.  I'.  knsox.—  The  plaintiff  is  a  moulder,  and  the  defendant  is  Mr.  Thomas  Pearson,  Blackstone-street,  iron  founder  ;  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  125.,  amount  of  wages  due,  as  alleged  by  the  plaintiff,  to  him.  It  appeared  that  the  plaintiff  was  hi  the  employment  of  the  defendant,  and  that  he  and  his  brother  workmen  left  their  work  one  day,  and  for  no  other  reason  than  because  Mr.  Pearson  had  employed  a  man  who  had  worked  in  an  obnoxious  shop  in  London.  On  this  fact  being  made  clear,  his  Honor  severely  commented  on  such  conduct,  observing  that  the  plaintiff  and  his  fellows  had  clearly  exposed  th(  and  that  th(  Ives  to  a  prosecution  for  conspirac  right  to  object  to  work  with  any  ma  because  he  chose  to  exercise  the  right  which  bClonged  to  all—to  obtain  the  best  market  for  his  labour.  Neither  the  plaintiff,  nor  any  society  of  men,  had  a  right  to  ;ay  to  'any  employer  that  - STYLE=superscript  they  would  not  work  with  any  man  of  decent  character  '  who  offered  him  his  services,  simply,  because  he  had  disobeyed  the  rule  they  were  pleased  to  lay  down  for  his  guidance.—The  plaintiff  here  observed  that,'after  some  time  - STYLE=superscript  ,  the  men  returned,  but  that  one  foreman  would  not  employ  them.—His  Honour  Your  business  then  was  to  have  gone  to  your  ma  eav,  I  am  ready  to  work  for  you,  and  I  am  willin  to  givc  another  man  the  right  I  for  myself  to  obtain  -em -employment STYLE=superscript  ployment -employment  when,  and  in  the  best  terms,  I  —Mr.  Wigory,  who  appeared  for  the  defendant,  said  that  he  defended  this  action  on  principle,  and  that  the  only  reason  the  plaintiff  and  his  companions  would  not  work  with  the  obnoxious  man,  was,  because  he  was  not  one  of  their  body.—His  Honour  :  They  have  no  right  to  dictate  to  any  man  what  shop  he  is  to  be  employed  in.  It  is  monstrous  to  suppose  that  such  dictation  would  be  allowed,  and,  allowed,  the  men  themselves,  in  the  long  run,  would  suffer  most  by  it.  They  claim  a  right  to  obtain  their  support  through  their  labour,  and  yet  they  themselves  are  those  who  venture  to  interfere  with  that  right.  In  conclusion,  his  Honour  said,  that  there  could  not  possibly  be  a  clearer  case  than  that  the  defendant  would  have  paid  the  plaintiff,  had  the  latter  ful fulfilled  filled fulfilled  his  obligations  towards  him.  He  would,  therefore,  dis dismiss  miss dismiss  the  case  ;  and  he  cautioned  the  plaintiff,  who  is  a  young  man,  against  being  led  away  by  such  folly  again.  MISCONDUCT  OF  A  WORKMAN  DISENTITLINO  HIM  TO  HIS  WAGES—WILKINSON  V.  JONES.—The  plaintiff  is  a  journey journeyman  man journeyman  joiner,  and  it  appeared  that  while  engaged  in  a  job  at  Frisby,  Dyke,  and  Co's.,  to  which  he  was  sent  by  the  de:-  fendant,  he  stole  a  hat,  and  was  tried  and  imprisoned,  three  months  for  the  offence.  He  now  sought  to  receive  10s.  sd.  for  2g  days  due  to  him  at  the  time  of  the  commission  of  the  theft.—Mr.  Williams  appeared  for  the  defendant,  and  contended  that  the  plaintiff,  by  his  misconduct  towards  his  employer,  disentitled  himself  to  any  wages  due  to  him.--  His  Honour  concurred  in  this  view;  but  it  appeared  that  the  defendant  always  retained  in  his  hands  one  day's  wages  of  his  workmen.  The  Court  allowed  the  plaintiff  one  day's  wages  (4s.  4d.)  with  the  costs  out  of  pocket.  EXHIBITION  OF  THE  LIVERPOOL  ICADEIIIY.  FIFTII  NOTICI  56.  The  Aerial  by  W.  Huggins„  represents  a  female  sitting  by  the  sad  sea  gazing  on  a  struggle  between  an  eagle  and  a  serpent.  We  regret  that  the  more  interesting  part  of  the  picture  is  represented  at  so  great  a  distance,  for  an  eagle  and  serpent  painted  by  Huggins  would  be  sure  to  be  well  treated.  The  water  is  magnificently  painted.  53.  A  from  Frazer.  Modest,  truthful,  and  careful  in  execution,  by  an  artist  who  has  been  long  remarkable  for  his  pictures  of  domestic  life.  I  (54.  at.  Callon.  A  very  clever  little  picture  of  the  shore  of  what  is  called  our  Liverpool  Richmond.  This  artist  has  vastly  improved  since  last  year,  and  his  pictures  are  always  careful  transcripts  of  nature.  65.  Rustic  Hemsley.  One  of  the  gems  of  the  British  school,  and  equal  to  Wilkie  or  Webster.  A  group  of  children  are  surrounding  a  determined  student  of  the  fine  arts,  who  is  deeply  engaged  in  sketching  a  terrier  dog,  which  is  elevated  on  a  chair  for  the  occasion.  The  accessories  are  neatly  and  carefully  finished.  68.  Bit  of  N.  Oakes.  A  sweet  bit  of  colour,  by  the  worthy  secretary  of  the  academy.  We  wish  there  were  more  hate  gems  by  the  bailie  69.  The  Ruby  'W.  Douglas.  A  most  admi admirably  rably admirably  painted  picture,  but  which  unfortunately  expresses  nothing  A  chevalier,  standing  in  a  very  ungraceful  atti attitude,  tude, attitude,  and  a  dowdy  and  very  ugly  female  at  a  window.  Douglas  is  capable  of  better  things  than  such  perpetrations  as  the  Ruby  73.  The  Introduction  of  Halbert  Glendenning  to  Sir  Piercie  (from  The  Monastery).  A.  Egg,  A.R.A.  One  of  the  principal  pictures  in  the  Exhibition,  and  an  admirable  illustration  of  the  story.  The  impertinent  self selfsufficiency  sufficiency selfsufficiency  of  Sir  Piercy,  as  the  young  Halbert  is  introduced,  Equally  well,  too,  is  the  astonishment  of  the  girl  seated  opposite  to  him,  whose  eyes  are  •  wide  open  with  astonishment  at  his  impudence.  The  stately  dignity  with  which  Halbert  regards  the  .  foppish  nobleman  is  capital,  and  the  whole  picture  is  full  of  life  and  incident.  74.  Murder  of  (from  Macbeth).  H.  C.  Selons.  Decidedly  a  well  drawn  picture,  but  no  illustra illustration  tion illustration  of  the  scene  so  powerfully  described  by  the  poet.  There  is  a  want  of  harmony  in  the  picture,  and  the  various  pieces  of  like  samples  of  damask  shop.  The  curtain  at  the  back  puts  in  mind  of  the  mahogany  curtain-poles  at  is  perfect  pretty  drapery  are  so  many  sp(  unholsf  at  4s.  6d.  each:  The  artist  ha:  t.  The  picture  fails  to  interest  ing  but  pleasing.  _  _  _  83.  The  *.  ifuggin;.  One  of  the  gems  of  the  Exhibition.  The  monarch  of  the  poultry  yard,  surrounded  by  his  harem,  is  majestically  poised  on  one  leg,  and  with  half-closed  eyes,.  is  taking  his  :siesta.  The  colour  of  the  plumage  is  brilliant,  and  there  is  a  delicacy  of  handling  about  the  whole  of  the  birds,  indicative  of  great  taste  anc  knowled  , STYLE=superscript  -^  F STYLE=superscript  -  (bought  by  Mr.  Miller)  conk  This  pic  tut  84.  Place,  Frankfort?'  W.  Collon.  A  smal  but  charming  picture  by  this  artist,  whose  architectura  pictures  rank  high."
