text
"We  read  in  the  Athenceum  :  on  another  Macaulay  controver  announces  far  next  wec  Mr.  Macau  joinder  to  hi  4  emplo  HER.  MAJESTY'S  TH  gATUE  which  has  been  closed  .  for  twt,  ,  opened  for  the  performance  of  It  ley  has  engaged  the  services  of  Jenny  m4uoted  by  Mi•.-11.  Mr.  Goldsch  rs  from  the  Baltic  provi  satisfaction  of  the  prospect  o?appr  - STYLE=superscript  oachi  not  by  any  means  indulge  in  the  crmfid  being  certainly  realised  at  the  forthcern  esent  t  aspect  of  thin  military,  from  the  immen  th3re.  Lord  John  Russell  presided  at  a  lecture  delivered  on  Tuesday  at  the  Stroud  Mutual  Improve  m  ent  Society,  by  _  The  subject  of  the  lecture  was  the  umphri  leeture  D  The  end  of  th  beneath  the  veil  of  the  future,  and  for  the  present  we  ail  still,  to  'all  intents  and  purposes,  at  (Hear,  hear,  from  the  chairman.)  Lord  John  Russell  afterwards  expressed  his  marked  approval  of  the  lecture.  FATAL.  BOILER  EXPLOSION.  —On  Friday  morning  a  boiler  explosion,  by  which  three  persons  lost  their  lives,  took  place  at  the  Village  Colliery,  Standish,  near  Wigan,  belonging  to  Messrs.  J.  Taylor  and  Sons.  The  accident  occurn  .1  while  the  works  were  stopped  for  breakfast.  Martha  li.iding,  a  widow,  who  had  brought  her  son's  breakfa  X  lei  on  - STYLE=superscript  the  sly  was  a  very  respectable  mar  cburet  about  en  for  She;vington,  uud  had  only  been  married  months.  Ellen  Harrison  was  also  killed.  The  engineer,  George  Kirkham,  had  hie  head  frightfully  muti-  lated  and  was  dreadfully  scalded  TRADE  or  Sours  WALES.—By  the  various  shipping,  metal,  and  other  returns  it  appears  that  the  trade  of  South  Wales  is  in  a  most  improving  state.  The  quantity  of  coal  raised  is  daily  increasing,  and  a  growing  amount  daily  finds  its  way  to  the  seaports  for  shipment.  The  towns  of  Cardiff,  Newport,  Neath,  &amp;c.,  show  an  increase  of  exports  and  imports,  While  at  Swansea  the  rise  has  been  very  great,  showing  an  increase  of  import  tonnage  to  the  extent  of  62,000  tons  during  the  past  year.  During  this  period  nearly  5,000  vessels  entered  the  harbour,  with  a  tonnage  of  450.000  tons.  Largo  shipments  of  iron  are  shortly  to  be  made  from  the  new  shipping  locality  at  Ney Neyland  land Neyland  terminus,  the  line  to  which  is  now  completed.  The  various  dock  extensions  are  also  progressing,  and  a  vast  amount  of  new  railways  and  branches  will  shortly  develope  the  resources  of  hitherto  unworked  localities,  while  they  afford  so  much  employment  that  labour  is  very  scarce.  INTERESTING  SURGICAL  OPERATION  --A  gentleman  re residing  siding residing  at  Dartford,  in  Kent,  having  lost  one  of  his  front  teeth,  had  an  artificial  one  made,  with  a  gold  framework  to  fix  it  into  its  place  in  his  mouth.  Oa  the  night  of  Wednesday  week,  while  asleep,  the  apparatus  got  loose,  and  the  unfortunate  gentleman  soon  became  aware  that  he  had  swallowed  it.  S.irgical  assistance  was  speedily  pro procured,  cured, procured,  but  it  was  deemed  necessary  to  convey  him  to  Guy's  Hospital,  where  he  was  placed  under  the  care  of  Mr.  Cock,  the  senior  surgeon,  who  tried  all  the  means  in  his  power  to  relieve  him;  but  the  peculiar  shape  of  the  apparatus  baffled  all  his  efforts.  At  length,  five  days  after  the  accident,  the  patient  underwent  the  operation  (with  chloroform)  which  has  happily  proved  successful.  An  incision,  four  inches  in  depth,  was  made  in  the  side  of  the  neck,  and  the  tooth  and  its  framework  were  discovered  behind  the  larynx,  in  the  swallow,  from  whence  it  was  soon  extracted.  This  operation  is  considered  to  be  one  of  great  surgical  skill.  The  patient,  we  learn,  is  going  on  well,  and  is  in  a  Lir  way  of  recovery  He  is  enabled  to  take  food  by  means  of  a  silver  tube,  through  which  nourishment  is  introduced  into  the  stomach.  THE  POISONING  C.sms  AT  MANCHESTER.—We  mentioned  last  week  that  an  application  had  been  made  to  the  coroner  for  the  city  of  Nianohester  for  a  warrant  to  have  the  body  of  the  deceased  John  Monahan  exhumed.  The  application  was  granted,  on  the  applicant's  swearing  to  an  information  on  the  subject  .  .  Mr.  fradlaugh  then  procec  of  St.  Wilfred',3  Catholic  Church,  flair  graveyard  ed  was  interred.  A  number  of  r  the  sexton,  commenced  the  digging  aul  removal  of  coffins  near  the  eastern  wall  of  the  burial  ground,  next  to  Clopton Cloptonstreet.  street. Cloptonstreet.  The]  search  was  continued,  by  torch-light,  until  twolve  o'clock  on  Thursday  night,  witnout  success.  Yes-  ,  terday  morning  the  work,  and  a  mist  appalling  one  it  was,  recommenced  at  an  early  hour.  The  sexton  app  e  ars  to  have  no  record  of  the  precise  place  of  deposit  of  those  Iv  upon  E  of  which  bore  the  same  date  as  that  on  died,  thought  their  labours  were  forthwith  about  to  have  successful  toimination,  hut  they  were  dia  ippointal.  The  unsuccessful  search  was  discontinued  at  20  minutes  past  five  o'clock  on  Friday  afternoon,  to  be  resumed  on  Saturday  The  body  has  since  been  found.  Tim  COUNCIL  or  Won.—A  Paris  _  following  paragraph,  was  published  by  a  cotemporar)  the  middle  of  last  week:  It  is  further  affirmed  that  the  few  lines  of  the  (Vienna)  despatch  once  read  aloud,  Sir  Edmund  Lyons,  crumpling  together  in,  his  hand  some  papers  he  held,  took  his  hat  observing  that  he  had  nothing  more  to  do  there,  and  left  the  council-room  before  the  Emperor  had  risen,  or  declared  the  sitting  at  an  end,  which  has  been  commented  upon  ever  since  by  the  per persons  sons persons  attached  to  the  Court,  as  one  of  the  most  extraordi extraordinary  nary extraordinary  breaches  of  etiquette  ever  The  state statement  ment statement  has  elici  ed  the  following  note  from  the  Earl  of  Ellesmere  to  the  journal  referred  to  Windsor  Castle,  Jan.  24,  1356.  Sir,—Your  paper  of  the  22d  contains  a  letter  of  the  20th  from  your  Paris  correspondent,  which  describes  Admiral  Sir  Edmund  Lyons  as  having  com com'mitteei,  'mitteei, com'mitteei,  at  the  Paris  military  council,  '  one  of  the  most  extras,-  I  n  try  breaches  of  etiqui.to  ever  committed.'  sh  , STYLE=superscript  )wn  thin  letter  to  Sir  Elmund  Lyons,  I  have  obt:tined  h.s  permission  to  inform  you  that  nothing  of  the  kind  occurred,  and  that  the  report  on  which  your  corres correspondent  pondent correspondent  relied  is  utterly  without  4 STYLE=superscript  .l)undation.—l  am,  Sir,  your  obedient  servant,  EGERTON  ELLESMERE.  P.S.—I  am  requested  to  add,  that  when  the  Emperor  announced  to  the  council  the  news  of  the  Russian  acceptance  of  the  conditions  forwarded  by  Austria,  Sir  Edmund  Lyons  had  not  arrived.  When'  ho  did,  shortly  after,  arrive,  be  learnt  what  had  passed,  and  took  part  as  usual  in  the  further  proceedings  of  the  Inta'n;ng  the  CRIMEAN  TROPHIES.—The  various  trophies  from  the  Crimea,  which  composed  the  cargo  of  the  Bucephalus,  at  present  occupy  a  considerable  space  in  the  Arsenal  grounds  at  Woolwich.  The  guns  and  small  mortars,  which  latter  consist  chiefly  of  cohorns  and  royals  of  6  inches  and  33  inches,  as  well  as  many  field  pieces  and  howitzers,  and  a  number  of  heavy  guns,  corresponding  with  our  68-poun 68-pounders,  ders, 68-pounders,  are  all  of  valuable  brass  metal;  but  with  their  pre present  sent present  bore,  they  are  not  serviceable  for  our  description  of  shot.  It  is  conjectured  therefore  that  they  will  be  re  -cast.  The  officers  and  men  forming  the  field-train  corps  who  were  at  the  siege  of  Sebastopol,  are  anxious  to  wear  some  particular  mark  to  distinguish  them  for  their  service  there.  They  propose  for  that  service  the  melting  down  one  .of  the  large  guns,  to  be  converted  into  small  crosses,  or  other  medals,  to  be  distributed  solely  for  the  decoration  of  that  corps  of  Her  Majesty's  service  thus  engaged.  The  carriages  and  waggons  are  of  small  intrinsic  value,  most  of  them  being  shattered  and  utterly  useless.  A  wheel  of  one  of  the  ammunition  waggons  is  covered  with  Russian  blood,  having  been  found  embedded  among  the  bodies  of  several  dead  soldiers,  which  were  lying  with  the  carcasses  of  dead  horses.  &amp;c.  Major  Lukin  and  the  men  who  came  in  charge  of  these  trophies  have  completed  their  work  of  mounting  the  gnus  and  placing  every  article  in  a  conspi conspicuous  cuous conspicuous  position,  as  Her  Majesty  has  signified  her  intention  of  giving  them  a  personal  inspection.  Major  Lukin  waited  on  Lord  Panmure  on  Saturday  to  inform  him  that  everything  was  prepared  for  Her  Majesty's  visit,  winch  is  arranged  to  take  place  to-day.  MURDER  IN  FRANCE.—PARIS,  SUNDAY.  --  A  dreadful  crimp  was  committed  yesterday  morning  near  the  Jardin  des  Plantes.  An  old  woman,  named  Chereau,  who  occu occupied  pied occupied  the  greater  part  of  premises  at  No.  3,  Rue  Geoffroy  St.  Hilaire,  where,  with  her  son,  she  carried  on  the  busi business  ness business  of  a  carrier,  and  who  lived  with  the  son  in  a  detached  building  in  a  small  court  yarfflat  the  extremity  of  the  lremises,  was  seen  yesterday  morning,  afte  r  th  e  man  had  eft  home  for  his  day's  labour,  making  her  customary  pur purchases  chases purchases  of  provisions  in  the  neighbourhead.  Some  little  time  after,  a  little  girl,  named  Richard,  daughter  of  a  married  couple  living  in  the  house,  called  to  ask  her  to  lend  her  parents  a  key,  but  she  could  not  find  her,  and  on  knocking  repeatedly,  received  no  answer.  Having  asked,  the  concier4e  if  he  knew  where  Mme.  Chereau  was,  the  man  went  into  the  house,  and  to  his  surprise  found  the  bed  room  in  disorder,  and  three  or  four  pillows  placei  one  on  the  top  of  the  other  at  the  head  of  the  btd.  Removing  the  pillows,  he  saw  a  blanket  spread  over  what  appeared  to  be  a  hum  In  body;  and  turning  it  down,  to  his  horror,  found  the  old  woman  lying  dead,  with  a  gag  in  her  mouth  and  her  hands  tied  behind  her  back.  Th  commissary  of  police  being  sent  for,  ascertained  that  death  had  been  caused  by  strangulation,  also  that  a  box  beneath  the  bed,  which  the  son  afterwards  declared  had  contained  a  rather  large  sum  in  gold  and  silver,  had  been  broken  open  and  rifled.  From  what  the  magistrate  observed,  he  came  to  they  could  to STYLE=superscript  laleatteretoghrtee:  d  e  d  re  r  r  teo  s  i  had  tadhie:ec  b  do  e  hv  e  abe  n  dre  fot  rlee  alarmedcriminals.  hriemhhi  contemplated,e  no  f  i  ku  o  before  the  conclusion  that  more  than  one  person  must  have  be  m  ediately  concerned  in  the  crime;  and  as  some  articles  of  jewellery  which  were  in  the  box  were  not  touched,  and  as  a  bag  filled  with  sous  was  left  in  the  middle  of  the  room,  it  ap appearedand  pearedand appearedand  had  hastily  taken  to  flight.  A  searching  investigation  bas  affair  created  an  immense  sensation  in  the  neigh neigh°en:ho  °en:ho neigh°en:ho STYLE=superscript  hour  at  night,  —Gcstigneini,  botwoauasr  late  mmee  robberylll"
