text
"z  of  their  sheep  by  t  the  plaintiffs,  the  19th  of  August  last,  the  defendant's  several  of  the  plaintiffs'  sheep,  id  that  on  the  same  day  one  of  the  sheep  was  found  lying  3ad  in  a  brook  at  the  end  of  the  field;  that  another  of  the  sheep  was  torn  and  injured,  and  several  of  them  frightened.  The  action  was  therefore  brought  to  recover  damages  for  the  sheep  killed  and  wounded,  along  with  costs.  Mr.  Wheeler  appeared  for  the  defendant,  and  submitted  that  in  order  to  establish  his  liability  evidence  should  be  given  to  prove  that  he  was  aware  of  the  disposition  of  the  dog  to  attack  sheep,  which  had  not  been  done.  The  evidence  of  the  defendant  and  other  witnesses  was  then  given,  to  shew  that  the  dog  had  not  been  in  the  habit  of  attacking  sheep,  and  that  the  sheep  belonging  to  the  plaintiffs  had  been  several  times  attacked  by  other  dogs.  His  Honor  read  several  authorities  regarding  the  liability  of  the  owners  of  domestic  animals,  such  as  bulls  and  dogs,  distinguished  from  the  liability  of  those  who  kept  such  animals  as  bears  or  lions,  and  said—l  find  these  facts,  and  upon  these  I  will  look  into  the  authorities  which  bear  upon  this  case  more  fully.  The  dog  did  worry  these  sheep,  killing,  or  assisting  in  killing  one,  injuring  another,  and  frightening  the  rest.  It  appears  that  he  went  out  with  his  owner  that  day,  the  owner  going  for  lawful  purposes,  that  he  left  his  owner,  strayed  into  this  field,  and  then  did  the  mischief  which  is  the  subject  of  this  action.  It  does  not  appear,  however,  that  the  owner  was  aware  of  the  mischievous  disposition  f  the  dog.  The  question  now  is,  whether  the  plaintiff,  under  these  circumstances,  can  recover  damages.  It  appears,  by  the  authorities  I  have  read,  that  in  order  to  render  the  owner  of  such  an  animal  as  a  dog  liable  for  such  damages,  it  is  required  that  the  owner  shall  be  shewn  to  be  aware  of  his  disposition  for  mischief  ;  but  the  question  which  arises  in  my  mind  is,  whether  these  authorities  are  applicable  to  this  case  where  the  dog  tres tres_  _ tres_  .  Evidence  was  - STYLE=superscript  given  on  behalf  C  to  shew  - STYLE=superscript  that  durin  doz  had  been  seen  el:min  aware  of  the  mischievous  disposition  of  the  dog,  and  the  plaintiff  must  therefore  be  non-suited.  But  if,  on  the  other  band,  it  appears  that  the  owner  of  a  dog,  who  allows  him  to  stray  into  the  •  land  of  another,  is  answerable  for  the  damage  he  may  do;  the  case  will  then  be  established.  If  I  find  a  verdict  at  all,  it  will,  however,  be  only  for  a  small  amount.—Mr.  Wheeler  :  That  is  subject  to  the  question  raised.—His  Honor  :  Subject  to  the  question  raised,  which  is  one  that  deserves  very  serious  consideration.  I  will  give  my  judgment  on  Monday  morning.  CHILTON  V.  MOB  ILRLY  AND  Co.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  Mr.  Chilton,  Solicitor,  against  Messrs.  Mober Moberley  ley Moberley  and  Okell,  for  the  rent  of  rooms  and  offices  belonging  to  him  and  occupied  by  them.—Mr.  Aspinall  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Blair  with  Mr.  'lime  for  the  defendant.  The  action  li;d  reference  to  two  separate  sets  of  chambers,  one  set  at  £4O  a-year,  and  the  other  at  £lO  a-year.  A  verdict  was  entered  by  consent  for  the  amount  claimed  as  due  on  the  latter,  the  former  claim  to  be  decided  by  future  proceedings.  MME  STATIONERY  FOR  PUBLIC  DEPARTMENTS.  — STYLE=superscript  III  the  year  ended  the  sth  of  January,  the  expense  of  providing  stationery  for  the  public  departments,  was  £254,410,  against  £166,916  in  the  previous  year.  THE  CRYSTAL  PALACE  AT  SYDENHADI.—The  works  _igantic  building  at  Sydenham  appear  to  progress  rapidly,  and  the  shell  of  the  building  is  so  far  advanced  to towards  wards towards  completion,  that  the  contractors,  Messrs.  Fox  and  Henderson,  have  undertaken  to  surrender  it  to  the  company  in  a  finished  state  at  Christmas.  It  appears  that  the  accident  which  lately  occurred  near  Hamm,  on  the  Westphalian  Railway,  in  Prussia,  was  caused  by  a  second  locomotive,  which  was  sent  to  assist  that  rsons  injure(  Another,  a  post-office  clerk,  - STYLE=superscript  was  so  dreadfully  led,  by  being  thrown  violently  against  a  table  in  the  )ffice  van,  that  it  is  feared  he  cannot  recover.  las  died;  he  was  a  prc  ssor  at  1  lIVED  CLYDE  4,11,1.1  at  noon,  Mr.  Robert  Smith,  who  has  proposed  a  plan  for  the  removal  of  the  sewage  from  the  Clyde,  made  .  a  second  public  experiment  of  his  scheme  in  presence  of  the  Magi Magistrates,  strates, Magistrates,  several  members  of  the  Town  Council,  and  other  official  gentlemen,  who,  we  understand,  expressed  themselves  highly  favourable  to  the  project.—North  British  Daily  Mail.  .  BIRMINGHAM  BOROUGFI  GAOL.  -  At  the  quarter  sessions  for  Birmingham,  held  on  Wednesday,  Mr.  G.  W.  Hillyard,  the  Governor  of  Nottingham  County  Gaol,  was  unanimously  elected  governor  of  the  Birmingham  Borough  Gaol,  in  the  room  of  Lieutenant  Austin,  resigned.  No  andidate  was  proposed  Ir.  Hillyrd  was  formerly  )f  Pentonville  Penitentiary,  and  for  nine  years  deputy deputygovernor  governor deputygovernor  of  Stafford  Gaol.  His  testimonials  were  stated  to  be  of  the  very  highest  character.  JUDGES'  CLERKS.—lnsteact  ot  tees,  the  Juabeo•  clerks  are  now  paid  by  salaries.  The  three  associates  to  the  chief  Judges  have  each  £l,OOO  a-year  ;  the  three  senior  clerks  to  the  associates,  each  £150;  the  three  junior  clerks  to  the  associates,  each  £lOO  ;  the  principal  clerks  to  the  three  chief  Judges,  each  £7OO  a-year  ;  the  principal  clerks  to  the  other  twelve  Judges,  each  600  ;  and  the  other  clerks  of  the  chief  and  puisne  Judges,  18  in  number,  £4OO  a-year  each.  ILLEGALITY  OF  OMNIBUS  ADVERTISTNG.—In  addi addition  tion addition  to  the  informations  that  have  hitherto  been  laid  against  omnibus  proprietors  for  evading  the  directions  of  the  new  Act  of  Parliament  in  regard  to  lighting  a  lamp  in  the  interior  of  vehicle  at  night  time,  more  inrormatiOns  have  yet  to  be  heard  by  the  magistrates  on  account  of  the  same  parties  persisting  in  exhibiting  placards  or  advertisements  upon  the  panels  of  their  vehicles  and  also  in  the  interior  of  the  same,  such  a  practice  being  prohibited  by  the  new  law  now  in  operation.—  Globe.  THE  APPLE  CROP  IN  THE  WEST.—A  vast  increase  has  of  late  years  taken  place  in  the  quantity  of  cider  made  in  the  West  of  England.  Particular  attention  has  been  paid  to  it  in  Devonshire,  and  its  quality  has  been  much  improved.  The  crop  of  apples  this  season  has  been  more  than  an  aver average  age average  ;  in  fact,  in  some  parts  they  have  been  exceedingly  abundant.  In  the  neighbourhood  of  Exeter,  and  in  the  south  of  Devon,  the  trees  in  many  orchards  arc  almost  broken  down  with  them.  Cider  is  expected,  therefore,  to  be  more  than  usually  cheap.  TREASURES  SUNK  AT  NAVARINO.—The  Official  Gazette  of  Savoy  states  that  an  inhabitant  of  Chamberry  has  just  quitted  that  place  to  attempt,  in  concert  with  a  company  organized  for  that  purpose,  to  save  some  contents  of  the  vessels  which  were  sunk  at  the  battle  of  Navarino,  particularly  the  Admiral's  ship,  a  three-decker,  which,  it  is  said,  had  on  board,  at  the  time  she  went  down,  a  sum  of  6,900,000  f.  in  gold.  All  the  necessary  apparatus  have  been  embarked,  a  number  of  divers  have  been  engaged,  and,  in  addition  to  the  ordinary  diving-bells,  all  the  recent  inven-  tions  for  such  purposes  will  be  flit  in  requisition  THE  PROPERTY  TAX.—The  10th  of  October  last  closed  all  demands  for  deductions  on  over  charges  for  the  previous  years.  It  is  worthy  of  remark  that  in  the  present  assessments  for  the  various  parishes,  townships,  and  hun hundreds,  dreds, hundreds,  collectors,  when  appointed,  are  required  to  find  security  for  the  due  fulfilment  of  their  office,  because  in  case  of  any  defalcation  by  them,  the  parishes  and  townships  will  have  to  be  re-assessed  for  such  defalcations.  It  is  cense censeitiently  itiently censeitiently  not  the  duty,  but  the  interest  of  the  inhabitants  to  ee  that  all  due  precautions  are  observed  in  this  regard  for  he  public  protection.  MOCKING  BIRD.—A  fine  and  healthy  male  bird  of  his  species  is  now  in  the  possession  of  Mr.  John  Richard Richardion,  ion, Richardion,  dentist,  Saville-street.  In  its  warblings  it  pours  forth  delicious  stream  of  song,  composed  of  notes  of  the  nightingale,  the  thrush,  the  blackbird,  and  the  lark,  without  the  shrillness  of  the  canary.  Behr  an  inhabitant  of  the  torrid  climes  of  America,  it  is  with'  the  greatest  difficulty  this  delicate  bird  can  be  brought  alive  to  England  ;  but  Cap Captain  tain Captain  Hunter,  of  the  Royal  Victoria,  of  Hull,  has,  by  great  care  and  attention  succeeded  in  bringing  over  from  New  Orleans  this  beautiful  song  bird.  In  its  wild  state  the  male  bird  has  the  singular  power  of  imitating  most  of  the  songs  of  other  wild  birds—hence  its  name  of  the  mocking  bird.—  Hull  Advertiser.  LOSSES  AT  SEA  IN  THE  RECENT  GALES.—The  port  of  Inverness  has  been  unfortunatly  lately,  and  in  the  recent  gales,  there  has,  we  regret  to  say,  been  a  further  loss  of  shipping  and  life.  The  schooner  Isabella,  belonginc  , STYLE=superscript  to  Bailie  Lawrence,  sailed  from  Sunderland  on  Saturday,  the  24th  ultimo,  with  a  cargo  of  lime.  The  Vine,  of  Arbroath,  and  a  third  vessel  sailed  at  the  same  time.  Next  day,  in  a  hurricane  the  Vine  was  wrecked,  but  the  crew  were  saved,  and  they  reported  having  seen  the  Isabella  and  the  other  vessel  founder,  with  all  on  board.  The  master,  mate,  and  one  of  the  seamen  of  the  Isabella  have  each  left  families,  all  residing  in  Merkinch,  Inverness.  The  ship  was  partially  insured.  The  Edinburgh  steamers  on  Friday  morning  last,  were  detained  in  Cromarty  Bay,  under  shelter  of  the  Sutors,  until  Friday  evening,  the  Martello  having  returned  from  Burghead.  The  fishermen  of  Nairn  have  sustained  some  Three  large  fishing  boats  were  beached  off  the  port  and  a  fourth  totalrywreeka  The  shore  boat  of  the  steamer  Queen  was  also  wrecked,  and  her  cargo  of  valuable  goods  damaged.—lnverness  Courier.  THE  WAGES  MOVEMENT  AT  BURY.—Considerable  anxiety  is  now  manifested  in  consequence  of  recent  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  connected  with  the  wages  movement.  The  weavers  in  the  employ  of  Mr.°J.  R.  Kay,  of  Bass-lane  House,  have  been  because  they  persist  ed STYLE=superscript  in STYLE=superscript  their STYLE=superscript  determi determination STYLE=superscript  nation determination  to  assist  the  weavers  on  strike.  About  200  weavers,  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Alcock,  Free  Town,  ceased  working  on  Saturday  last.  About  250  of  the  weavers  in  the  employ  of  ML.  John  Walker,  Bnry-bridge,  are  at  present  on  strike  for  an  achwane  of  10  per  cent.  Mr.  Walker  had  previously  given  the  advamt  but  as  his  conduct  had  not  been  followed  by  the  other  masterb,  he  gave  notice  to  his  hands  that  he  should  reduce  them  t?  the  itmnier  standard  ;  and,  to  resist  the  proposed  reduction,  the  wea-frs  turned  out.  The  weavers  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Fish  tuimed  out,  but  after afterwards  wards afterwards  returned  to  work,  having  a  promise  of  advance.  The  weavers  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Howarth  have  turned  out,  in  consequence  of  notice  being  given  that  the  recent  ad advance  vance advance  of  10  per  cent.  would  be  taken  off.  A  portion  of  the  weavers  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Proctor  and  Evans  have  also  turned  out.  uence  (  RECEIPT  STAMP.  been  oil  ,ertained"
