text
"They  will  assuredly  offer  us  as  an  hol  upon  the  iltar  of  their  offended  vanity  !  They  will  sacrifice  us  on  their—counters  !  sport  indeed  top  my  paper  That  will  be  hick  put  us  in  mind  of  Ominous  words  Sir  EARL  pi  stle,  and  his  unenviable  fate—  in  Pop.  Coningsby  harangues,  The  Court  forsakes  him,  and  Sir  BAALAM  THE  RIGHT  HON.  EDWARD  CARDWELL,  M.P.,  is  at  pre present  sent present  on  a  visit  to  Her  Majesty  at  'Windsor  Castle.  THE  KNIFE  AGAIN.---011  Wednesday  evening  a  man  named  Michael  Sheridan  was  stabbed  by  a  female  in  Milton  •  street.  sday  night  the  boots  at  the  Bee  Hotel,  who  had  i  entrusted  by  a  commercial  traveller  with  ten  sovereigns  to  change  for  a  ten  pound  note,  absconded  with  the  money  and  has  not  since  been  hears  of.  On  Wedne  FIRE  AT  Boon,E.  —Last  night  a  fire  broke  out  in  the  corn  mill  of,the  Messrs.  Pollards,  Bootle-lane,  and  before  assis assistance  tance assistance  could  be  rendered  the  extensive  premises  were  en enveloped  veloped enveloped  in  flames.  The  fire  was  subdued  only  when  the  premises  were  gutted.  The  loss,  which  is  considerable,  is  covered  by  insurance.  Some  corn  and  other  property  was  saved.  SUICIDE  or  A  SURGEON  BY  Paussic  ACID.—Mr.  Francis  Champneys,  surgeon,  of  112,  London-wall,  committed  suicide  on  Monday  morning,  by  taking  a  strong  preparation  of  prussic  acid.  THANKSGIVING  DAY  AT  NE was  set  apart  as  one  of  solemn  thanksgiving  for  deliverance  from  cholera.  It  was  very  generally  observed,  services  being  held  in  the  various  churches  and  places  of  worship  in  the  town.  WOOL  SALES.—The  colonial  wool  sales,  which  com commenced  menced commenced  on  the  20th  of  October  last,  have  approached  their  close,  and  the  better  description  have  met  a  brisk  demand  throughout,  at  prices  very  little  below  those  current  at  the  last  series  in  August.  Wools  of  inferior  quality  and  con condition  dition condition  have  experienced  some  fluctuations,  and  shortly  after  the  commencement,  up  to  the  week  before  last,  a  large  pro proportion  portion proportion  had  to  be  withdrawn.  SUICIDE  IN  HYDE  PARK.—On  Saturday  afternoon,  a  man,  whose  name  is  supposed  to  be  George  William  Cotterill,  was  found  hanging  inside  a  hollow  tree  in  Hyde  Pa  r  k,  quite  dead.  At  the  inquest  held  on  Wednesday,  the  police  con constable  stable constable  stated  that  his  attention  was  called,  by  two  boys,  to  a  man  hanging  inside  a  hollow  tree  near  the  receiving  house  of  the  Royal  Humane  Society.  He  immediately  went  to  the  spot,  and  saw  the  deceased's  feet  hanging  in  front  of  the  hole  in  the  tree  by  which  the  deceased  must  have  entered,  but  which  was  some  distance  from  the  ground.  He  then  found  that  the  deceased  was  hung  to  an  inward  projection  by  a  silk  handkerchief.  The  deceased,  when  found  by  the  boys,  had  been  dead  some  hours.  In  his  pockets  a  paper  was  found,  with  the  following  written  in  pencil  I  die  a  victim,  and  not  a  GERMAN  EMIGRANTS  AND  THEIR  BAGGAGE.—The  Lord  Commissioners  of  her  Majesty's  Treasury,  having  had  under  their  consideration  the  request  of  the  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire  Railway  Company,  to  be  per_  mitted  to  convey  the  baggage  of  emigrants  arriving  from  Germany  at  the  port  of  Hull,  without  examination,  to  Liverpool  for  reshipment,  their  lordships  have  expressed  themselves  prepared  to  grant  the  privilege  requested,  pro provided  vided provided  the  railway  company  arrange  to  have  the  baggage  in  question  removed  from  the  ship,  as  at  present,  direct  into  lock-up  vans  in  Hull,  which  could  be  removed  across  the  Humber,  and  placed  on  the  railway,  and  then  carried  to  Liverpool  under  existing  regulations.  ARRIVAL  OP  THE  VALDAVIA.  —The  South  Pacific  Mail  Company's  new  screw  steamer,  Valdavia,  arrived  in  the  Mersey  (yesterday)  f  r  o  m  th  e  Clyde.  She  was  built  by  the  Messrs  Caird  and  Co.,  of  Grfnock,  and  is  a  vessel  of  760  tons  burthen,  propelled  by  engines  of  130  horse  power.  Her  length  is  192  feet,  breadth  of  beam  283  feet,  and  depth  15  feet.  •  The  Valdavia,  on  her  voyage  here,  made  the  run  from  the  Clock  light  to  the  Bell  buoy  in  10  hours  57  minutes,  being  an  average  of  about  ten  knots  an  hour,  a  very  respectable  performance  everything  considered,  The  Valdavia  is  intended  to  sail  on  her  first  voyage  to  the  Pacific  about  the  end  of  the  present  month.  She  is  commanded  by  Capt.  Itolt,  and  promises  to  be  a  favourite  on  the  line.  Tier  outward  appearance  is  graceful,  her  internal  fittings  com combine  bine combine  comfort  with  elegance.  She  has  cabin  accommodation  for  about  180  passengers.  MR.'  GLADSTONE  AND  THE  NEAPOLITIAN  PRISONS.  Every  one  knows  the  tremendous  effect  produced  through throughout  out throughout  England  by  the  publication  of  Mr.  Gladstone's  pam pamphlet  phlet pamphlet  on  the  prisons  of  Naples  .The  subject  was  so  good,  and  handled  with  such  vigour,  that  it  made  its  appearance  like  a  projectile  in  the  kingdom  of  the  Two  Sicilies,  and  spread  terror  throughout  the  capital  whose  dark  prison  recesses  it  revealed.  Mr.  Gladstone  reaped  the  full  benefit  of  the  effort  he  had  made,  and  the  popularity  he  attained  by  it  was  more  lasting  than  that  of  his  financial  schemes.  But  very  few  people  know  how  near  was  the  public  to  lose  the  fruits  of  Mr.  Gladstone's  labours  and  spirit.  On  the  eve  of  a  publication  which  could  not  but  seriously  damage  the  Neapolitan  government  in  the  eyes  of  the  world.  Mr.  Glad Gladstone  stone Gladstone  consulted  Lord  Aberdeen,  expressing  his  desire  to  suspend  the  publication,  if  it  was  likely  that  the  mere  threat  of  it  would  induce  the  King  to  soften  the  rigour  bf  his  treatment  against  political  prisoners.  Lord  Aberdeen  wrote  :o  the  government  at  Naples,  stating  Mr.  Gladstone's  in intention  tention intention  to  refrain  from  publication  if  the  facts  revealed  were  attended  :to  in  a  becoming  spirit,  and  if  young  Poerio,  the  chief  of  those  who  were  implicated  in  the  affair  of  the  Unita  should  be  restored  to  liberty.  Lord  Aberdeen's  communication  went  to  Naples  through  the  hands  of  Prince  Castel  Cicala,  the  Neapolitan  Minister  in  London,  and  was  adiressed  directly  to  the  Marquis  Fortu Fortunato,  nato, Fortunato,  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs.  However,  it  came  to  pass—whether  it  seemed  to  the  Marquis  Fortunato  that  to  put  such  conditions  before  the  King  was  insulting  to  his  d►gnity,  or  whether  Ferdinand,  acquainted  with  this  fact,  refused  to  yield—the  result  was  that  no  answer  returned  to  London  from  Naples,  and  the  pamphlet  of  Mr.  Gladstone  was  published.--  Two  PORTRAITS  OF  THE  CZAR.—In  the  well-known  Letters  from  the  Baltic,  Nicholas  is  thus  drawn  in  pen  and  ink  :  face  is  strictly  Grecian—forehead  and  nose  is  one  grand  line  ;  the  eyes  finely  lined,  large;  open,  and  blue,  with  a  calmness,  a  coldness,  a  freezing  dignity,  which  can  equally  quell  an  insurrection,  daunt  au  assassin,  or  paralyse  a  peti petitioner  tioner petitioner  :  the  mouth  regular,  teeth  fine,  chin  prominent,  with  dark  moustache  and  small  whisker;  but  not  a  sympathy  in  his  face!  His  mouth  sometimes  smiles,  his  eyes  Mr.  Punch,  having  studied  the  czar  in  his  works,  is  disposed  to  put  forth  another  sketch  ;as  thus—His  face  is  strictly  all  cheek;  forehead  and  nose  one  grand  round-  a  b  out  curve  ;  the  eye  s  l  arge,  open,  roun  d  ,  and  expressive  as  a  cannon's  mouth  ;  cannon  that  can  quell  an  insurrection,  or  slaughter  innocence;  the  mouth  curved  and  sinii:icant  as  a  scimit  ar  teeth  large  an  d  prom  i  nen  t  as  chevaux-de-frise  ;  the  face  alto;  gether  a  national  death-warrant.  The  mouth,  like  scimitar  steel,  sometimes  glistens—the  eyes  never.—Punch,.  -"
