text
"COURT  OF  PASSAGE.-YESTERDAY.  (Before  Edward  JAMES,  Esq.,  Q.  C.  Assessor.)  The  Court  of  Passage  for  the  Borough  of  Liverpool,  com commenced  menced commenced  yesterday  in  the  Nisi  Prius  Court,  St.  George's  Hall.  The  causes  on  the  list  for  trial,  three  being  special  jury  cases,  number  64,  but  on  the  sitting  of  the  Court  at  nine  o'clock,  nearly  fifteen  of  those,  being  undefended,  were  struck  out.  LIVERPOOL  ADELPHI  LOAN  ASSOCIATION  'V  FAIRHURST  AND  WIFE.—Mr.  Blants,  instructed  by  Mr.  Hume,  was  . STYLE=superscript  counsel  for  the  plaintiff;  and  Mr.  Millward,  instructed  by  Mr.  Robey,  appeared  for  the  defendants.  The  action  was  brought  under  the  following  circumstances  :—lt  appears  that  a  person  of  the  name  of  Brassey  was  in  the  habit  of  getting  loans  from  the  Association,  and  that  the  defendant's  wife  was  generally  one  of  his  securities.  In  1848,  Brassey  obtained  a  loan  of  £3O  from  the  Association,  his  securities  being  two  parties  named  Brown  and  Costain,  and  the  female  defendant.  She  signed  the  paper  with  the  signature  Jane  her  maiden  name,  though  she  had  been  married  to  the  defendant  in  1847,  and  this  it  was  now  alleged  she  did  through  false  and  fraudulent  motives.  £2l  of  the  loan  was  paid,  and  one  of  the  securities  being  dead,  and  the  other  away,  the  defendant,  who  is  a  journeyman  painter,  was  sued  for  the  balance.  He  denied  his  liability,  and  the  present  action  was  accordingly  brought  to  try  the  case.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  it  was  denied  that  the  motives  were  false  or  fraudulent,  the  wife  coliceiling  that  it  was  a  mere  matter  of  form,  and  signing  accordingly  the  name  which  she  had  always  signed  on  such  occasions.  The  jury,  who  were  in  deliberation  during  ;the  day,  came  into  Court  about  four  o'clock,  and  stated  they  could  not  agree;  but  the  parties  in  the  case  not  being  willing  that  they  should  be  discharged,  they  were  again  sent  back  to  their  room  for  further  deliberation.  The  jury  evidently  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  £ll,  with  costs.  CARNEY  V.  BELL.  The  plaintiff  is  Mr.  John  Carney,  poulterer,  St.  John's  Market,  and  the  defendant  is  Mr.  Bell,  dealer  in  live  stock,  Liverpool.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  £37  7s.  Hid.  for  goods  sold,  for  money  lent,  and  for  money  due  on  an  account.  The  defendant  denied  that  he  was  indebted,  but  did  not  appear  either  personally  or  by  counsel.  Mr.  Aspinall,  instructed  by  Mr.  Yates,  junr.,  was  the  counsel  for  the  plaintiff,  for  whom  a  verdict  was  returned.  WHITE  and  WIFE  V.  Hoox  and  WIFE.—In  the  declara declaration  tion declaration  in  this  case,  the  first  count  charged  the  defendant  particularly  the  female  defendant,  with  assaulting  '  the  female  Dlajntiff,.imprisoning  her,  dragging  her  through  the  streets,  and  so  forth  ;  and  the  second  count  charged  the  female  defendant  with  assaulting  the  female  plaintiff  on  a  subsequent  occasion,  with  dragging  her  through  the  streets,  imprisoning  her  in  the  defendant's  house,  giving  her  in  charge  to  a  police  constable,  who  took  her  at  the  defendant's  instance  through  the  public  streets  to  the  bridewell,  then  before  a  magistrate  at  the  police  office,  and  ultimately  to  gaol,  where  she  was  kept  on  remand  for  seven  days,  thereby  entailing  on  her  serious  injury  and  loss.  Damages  were  laid  at  £5,  and  the  defendant  pleaded  not  guilty,  upon  which  issue  was  joined.  Mr.  M'Aubrey,  instructed  by  Mr.  Grace,  was  counsel  for  the  plaintiff,  and  from  his  state statement,  ment, statement,  it  appeared  that  the  plaintiff  is  a  fireman  on  board  the  American  Mail-boat,  and  the  defendant  a  publican,  in  Moffet-street,  off  Russell-street,  Toxteth-park.  It  further  appeared  that  the  plaintiff's  son  was  bound  to  the  defendant,  and  that  he  left  his  employment  in  consequence,  as  it  was  alleged,  of  insufficiency  of  payment.  On  the  17th  May,  the  female  plaintiff  was  at  the  house  of  the  defendant,  and  on  that  occasion  Mrs.  Hook  charged  her  with  receiving  a  sovereign  from  her  (Mrs.  Hook's)  youngest  son,  knowing  it  to  have  been  stolen.  Upon  this  some  words  arose,  and  after  considerably  altercation  the  female  plaintiff  was  given  into  custody.  She  was  liberated  after  a  short  time  ;  but  on  the  morning  of  the  19th  of  May,  Mrs.  Hook,  and  a  constable  called  at  the  house  of  the  female  plaintiff,  who  keeps  a  small  shop  for  the  sale  of  confectidhary  and  vegetables,  and  the  constable  demanded  of  her  the  sovereign,  threatening  in  the  event  of  refusal,  to  burst  her  (Laughter.)  The  female'  plaintiff  again  denied  having  received  the  sovereign,  upon  which  she  was  taken  into  custody  by  the  constable,  and  the  injuries  set  forth  in  the  second  count  of  the  declaration  were  inflicted  on  her.  —  Mrs.  White,  and  other  witnesses,  were  then  examined,  and  deposed  to  the  facts  stated  by  counsel.  Mrs.  White  posi positively  tively positively  denied  having  received  the  sovereign,  or  having  in,  any  way,  or  at  any  time,  asked  the  defendant's  son  to  take  money  from  the  till.—Mr.  Aspinall,  instructed  by  . STYLE=superscript  Messrs.  Francis  and  Almond,  appeared  for  the  defendant.  He  admitted  the  imprisonment,  but  said  that  witnesses  would  be  produced,  whose  evidence  would  show  that  his  client  was  fully  justified  in  the  courses  he.  had  adopted  towards  the  plaintiff.—Mrs.  Hook  was  then  examined.  She  deposed  to  having  given  the  plaintiff  into  custody  on  the  first  occasion,  in  consequence  of  the  noise  she  was  making  in  the  shop  ;  and  that  she  had  her  arrested  on  the  19th  of  May,  because  she  had  admitted  in  the  presence  of  witness,  and  other,  parties,  that  she  had  received  the  sovereign.—Two  other  witnesses  also  deposed  to  this  admission  ;  and  the  son  of  the  defendant,  a  boy  about  eleven  years  of  age,  positively  swore  to  having  given'  the  female  plaintiff  the  sovereign,  and  also  to  having  been'fre been'frequently  quently been'frequently  incited  by  her  to  steal  money  4om  the  till,  pro promising  mising promising  to  repay  him  by  weekly  instalmetts.—After  a  brief  deliberation,  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  COSGROVE  V.  OWENS.—The  plaintiff  is  a  lorry-driver,  and  the  defendant  a  master-carter.  The  action  was  brought  by  the  plaintiff  to  recover  compensation  for  the  less  of  his  eye  caused  by  the  negligence  of  the  defendant.  It  appeared  that  the  plaintiff  was  in  the  employ  of  the  defendant,  and  that  on  the  Ist  of  last  July  he  was  loading  his  lorry  at  one  of  the  docks.  The  defendant  was  present  assisting,  and'  the  plaintiff  alleged  that  he  had  frequently  cautioned  him  during  the  day  as  to  the  negligent  and  improper  manner  in  which  he  was  using  the  hook.  It  would  appear  that  his  caution  was  but  too  necessary,  for  as  a  bale  of  merchandise  was  being  hoisted  into  the  lorry  it  slipped,  and  the  hook  entered  the  plaintiff's  left  eye,  completely  fracturing  the  ball.  He  was  three  weeks  in  hospital,  and  was  altogether  nine  weeks  un unemployed  employed unemployed  in  consequence  of  the  accident.  Mr.  Aspinall,  in instructed  structed instructed  by  Mr.  Yates,  appeared  for  the  plaintiff;  but  the  defendant  did  not  appear  either  personally  or  by  counsel.  Verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  £2O  damages,  and  costs.  BRODRICE  a.  FOWLER.—The  plaintiff,  Sarah  Brodrick,  is  an  old  woman  over  seventy  years  of  age,  and  the  defendant,  Mr.  Fowler,  is  a  car-owner,  Walnut-street  ;  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  compensation  for  injury  sustained  by  the  plaintiff,  through  th  3  careless  driving  of  William  Roberts,  his  servant.  From  the  statement  of  Mr.  Aspinall,  who,  in instructed  structed instructed  by  Mr.  Campbell,  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  it  seemed  that  on  the  28th  of  July  last,  the  plaintiff  was  crossing  James's-street,  and  that  when  about  two  yards  from  the  parapet  she  was  knocked  down  by  the  cart  of  the  defendant,  which  was  at  the  time  driven  by  one  of  his  servants,  William  Roberts.  She  was  much  shaken  by  the  fall  ;  her  leg  was  broken,  and  her  general  health,  which  up  to  that  period  was  most  excellent,  was  considerably  im impaired.  paired. impaired.  It  further  appears  that  Roberts  subsequently,  ad admitted  mitted admitted  that  he  had  been  driving  very  fast  on  the  occasion  of  the  accident,  and  that  Mr.  Fowler  promised  the  plaintiff's  son  to  make  some  recompense  to  his  mother  for  her  injuries.  The  plaintiff  was  then  examined,  but  from  her  extreme  deaf deafness,  ness, deafness,  which  was  produced  as  she  alleged  by  the  accident,  her  answers  being  ever  wide  of  the  mark,  caused  considera considerable  ble considerable  merriment  in  Court.  She  could  merely  testify  to  hav having  ing having  been  run  over,  and  to  the  injuries  she  had  sustained.  Her  son  was  also  examined,  and  stated  that  the  driver  had  admitted  to  him  that  he  was  driving  fast  at  the  time,  hav having  ing having  four  we  ddinners  (Laughter)  or  a  wedding  party,  in  the  car  who  wanted  to  catch  the  boat.  He  also  deposed  to  the  defendant  having  promised  to  recompense  his  mother,  observing  that  it  was  much  better  to  arrange  the  matter  amicably,  than  to  give  the  money  to  the  lawyers,  who  were  all  d--d  rogues.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Atkinson,  instructed  by  Mr.  Owen,  appeared  for  the  defendant,  and  while  ad admitting  mitting admitting  the  accident,  contended  that  it  was  one  which  no  care  on  the  part  of  the  driver  could  prevent.  Several  wit witnesses  nesses witnesses  were  examined  to  prove  that  the  driver  was  not  cul culpable  pable culpable  in  the  matter  ;  and  the  driver  himself  denied  that  he  had  ever  made  any  admission  as  to  the  speed  at  which  he  Arivine.  Verdict  for  the  plaintff,  £5  damages,  with  costs.  COUNTY  v  COURT.  --ESTERDAT.  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  EsQ.)  The  Court  sat  at  ten  o'clock  on  yesterday.  His  Honour  delivered  judgment  in  the  following  cases  :  BEAD  v.  WINN.—It  will  be  remembered  that  this  was  an  action  brought  against  a  man  who  had  left  this  country,  and  been  in  Australia  for  some  years.  The  question  which  arose,  was  whether  the  service  of  a  summons  at  the  residence  occ.ipied  by  his  wife  in  Liverpool  was  sufficient  to  justify  rendering  the  property  there  liable.  His  Honour  held  that  the  servicewas  not  sufficient.  KERR  v.  PENNINGTON.—This  was  an  action  tried  last  '  week  to  recover  damages  for  the  worrying  of  plaintiff's  sheep,  by  defendant's  dog.  His  Honour  ordered  a  nonsuit  to  be  entered,  but  gave  the  plaintiff  leave  to  amend  his  action  by  entering  a  plaint  in  trespass  within  the  space  of  a  week.  RUDD  V.  FAIRCLOUGH.—In  this  case  an  action  was  brought  to  recover  £2O,  for  a  month's  interest  upon  a  sum  of  £2,000.  The  objection  raised  by  Mr.  Blair  was,  that  the  aggregate  of  the  principal,  which  was  to  be  paid  by  instalments,  remaining  still  unpaid  amounted  to  a  sum  which  exceeded  the  jurisdiction  of  the  Court,  and  that  the  plaintiff  had  no  right  to  split  his  action.  It  was  contended  by  Mr.  Blair  that  the  plaintiff  should  either  abandon  any  further  claims  or  be  nonsuited.  Mr.  Aspinall,  for  plaintiff,  argued  the  point  and  declined  to  abandon  the  claim.  His  Honour  •  ordered  a  nonsuit  to  be  entered.  AIKEN  P.  BAINES.—  Judgment  for  the  defendant  in  this  case  was  ordered  to  stand.  COMMITMENT  SUMMONSES.—His  Honour  then  disposed  of  some  commitment  summonses,  none  of  which  appeared  t  3  possess  any  public  importance.  INsorvENT  CASES.—FinaI  orders  were  granted  to  Eliza Elizabeth  beth Elizabeth  Hann  and  Samuel  Hulse.  The  Court  adjourned  at  twelve  o'clock.  ISSUE  OF STYLE=superscript  RECEIPT  STAMPS  AT  MANCHESTER,  —  since  the  new  Stamp  Act  came  into  operation  on  the  10th  instant,  there  has  been  issued  from  the  Manchester  Stamp Stamp.  . Stamp.  office  the  large  number  of  456,000  penny  the  value  of  £1,900.  receipt  stamps,  of  VALUE  OF  THREAD  FOR  LACK,---Some  thread  made  at  Hainault  and  Brabant,  has  actually  been  spun  by  hand  of  so  exquisite  a  texture  as  to  be  sold..at  the  rate  of  10,000  f.,  or  upwards  of  £4OO  for  a  single  pound  weight.  1  ,  .  LORD  CLAR_ENDON  ON  THE  EASTERN  QUESTION.  On  Friday,  a  deputation,  headed  by  T.  S.  Dun Duncombe,  combe, Duncombe,  Esq.,  M.P.,  waited  upon  the  Earl  of  Claren Clarencbait,  cbait, Clarencbait,  for  the  purpose  of  presenting  to  his  Lordship  an  Address  on  the  Eastern  Question,  which  had  been  agreed  to  at  a  recent  meeting  in  Finsbury-  Mr.  DIINCOMBE,  in  introducing  the  deputation,  said  that,  a  meeting  having  been  held  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  borough  of  'Finsbury,  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  present  position  of  the  Russo-Turkish  question,  certain  resolutions  were  passed  at  that  meeting  .condemning  the  practice  of  secrecy  in  diplomacy,  not  applying  particularly  to  the  present  Administration,  but  condemning  the  practice  .  generally,  as  calculated  to  keep  the  people  of  this  country  in  ignorance  as  regarded  their  foreign  relations.  The  other  resolutions  re referred  ferred referred  to  the  misunderstanding  at  present  existing  between  Russia  and  Turkey  ;  and  the  meeting  pledged  itself,  in  terms  not  to  be  misunderstood,  to  give  to  her  Majesty's  Government  every  support,  moral  as  well  as  material,  which  might  be  neces necessary  sary necessary  to  resist  the  encroachments  of  Russia,  and  to  preserNie  the  integrity  of  the  Ottoman  empire.  These  sentiments  were  embodied  in  an  address,  which  was  read,  and  embodied  the  resolutions  adopted  at  the  meeting.  The  Earl  of  CLARENDON,  having  heard  the  address,  said—There  is  one  portion  of  your  address  in  which  I  am  sure  you  will  not  expect  me  to  concur,  and  that  is  the  passage  in  which  it  is  alleged  that  the  character  of  this  country  for  fair  dealing  has  been  damaged,  and  is  in  danger  of  being  lost.  Now,  that  assertion,  in  as  far  as  this  Government  is  concerned,  I  am  prepared  altogether  to  deny.  You  will  not  expect  me  at  this  moment  to  enter  into  any  details  as  to  the  policy  of  the  Government;  but  when  the  time  comes  for  so  doing,  I  trust  that  the  people  of  England  will  consider  that  the  Government  have  done  their  duty,  that  they  have  flinched  from  no  obligation,  and  that  the  national  honour  has  remained  untarnished  in  their  hands.  With  respect.  to  the  other  matter  to  which  Mr.  Duncombe  has  alluded—the  mysterious  veil  which  is  thrown  over  The  diplomacy  of  this  country—l  can  assure  you  that,  personally,  no  one  more  sin sincerely  cerely sincerely  than  myself  regretted  that  a  mense  of  public  duty  alone  obliged  the  Government  to  withhold  explanations  on  this  question,  which  has  so  long  and  so  greatly  agitated  and  excited  the  public  mind.  There  is  no  one  more  fully  than  myself  recognises  the  entire  right  of  the  people  of  this  country  to  be  clearly  informed  of  all  the  acts  of  the  servants  of  the  Crown,  and  minutely  to  scrutinise  those  acts  when  they  have  come  to  their  knowledge.  This  has  always  been  the  practice  as  regards  do domestic  mestic domestic  affairs,.  but  in  foreign  affairs  you  will  admit  that  there  is  necessarily  a  different  practice.  In  that  case,  not  only  our  own  affairs  but  those  of  foreign  nations  are  concerned  ;  and  having  had  personally  a  good  deal  of  experience  in  such  mat matters,  ters, matters,  not  only  in  this  country  but  abroad,  I  can  assure  you  that,  difficult  as  negotiations  sometimes  are  now,  carried  on  in  the  ordinary  way,  they  would  become  absolutely  impossible  if  at  each  progressive  stage  they  were  to  be  brought  before  the  public,  and  to  become  the  subject  of  public  discussion—of  open  and  free  discussion,  as  in  the  case  of  our  domestic  affairs.  Therefore  it  is  not  from  the  slightest  wish  to  favour  mystery  that  the  proceedings,  not  only  of  this,  but  of  all  Govern Governments,  ments, Governments,  are  withheld  from  the  public  while  in  an  incomplete  state,  but  it  is  from  the  danger  of  defeating  our  own  objects,  from  a  sense  of  what  is  due  to  the  public  interest,  that  not  only  this,  but  all  Governments  and  all  Parliaments  have  sanc sanctioned  tioned sanctioned  the  practice—have  declined  the  production  of  papers  till  the  negotiations  to  which  they  re referred  ferred referred  had  been  brought  to  a  conclusion.  When  the  affairs  are  concluded,  then  the  public  have  the  right,  through  Parliament  or  otherwise,  of  having  the  documents  submitted  to  them,  and  of  appro approving  ving approving  or  condemning  the  conduct  of  the  Govern Government.  ment. Government.  Now,  with  respect  to  the  question  more  immediately  at  issue,  I  have  no  hesitation  in  telling  you  that  a  peaceful  solution  of  this  question  has  been  the  object  of  her  Majesty's  Government.  It  would  be  highly  criminal  if  the  Government  sought  any  other  solution.  Those  who  know  what  are  the  calamities  of  war  do  not  rush  lightly  into  it,  and  it  is  our  object,  if  possible,  to  guard  ourselves,  but  more  especially  Turkey,  from  those  calamities.  But,  on  the  other  hand,  I  consider  that  there  is  4.1  r.  ears  myrn  r  ,  nv..  - STYLE=superscript  1  +ll.+  is  TIOf;ATIO1  dishonour,  a  price  at  which,  I  can  assure  you,  peace  will  not  be  preserved  by  her  Majesty's  Government.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  As  I  said  at  first,  I  will  not  enter  at  any  length  into  the  details  of  the  policy  we  are  pursuing,  but  content  myself  with  saying  that  we  are  so  fully  alive.to  the  British  and  European  importance  of  maintaining  the  Ottoman  empire,  that  the  deputation  may  rest  assured  twat  there  is  not  the  slightest  intention  on  the  part  of  her  Majesty's  Government  of  abandon abandoning  ing abandoning  Turkey.  (Hear,  hear.)  FRIGHTFUL  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  RIVER  M  DTV  A  Y  THIRTY-TWO  LIVES  LOST.  On  Thursday  a  most  awful  catastrophe  occurred  at  Had Hadlow,  low, Hadlow,  which  has  hurried  to  an  untimely  grave  no  less  than  32  human  beings,  —men,  women,  and  children.  The  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  of  this  terrible  calamity  are  briefly  as  follow  :  For  some  little  time  past,  Mr.  Cox,  an  extensive  farmer  and  hop  grower  of  Hadlow,  has  had  a  number  of  persons,  principally  from  the  counties  of  Surrey  and  Berks,  in  his  em employ  ploy employ  picking  hops,  in  addition  to  the  resident  labourers.  It  is  customary  when  the  picking  has  been  finished  for  the  day,  and  the  hops  measured,  to  convey  the  people  home  to  the  vil village  lage village  in  waggons.  Accordingly,  on  Thursday  evening  last,  between  six  and  seven  o'clock,  a  waggon  filled  with  the  home  dwellers,  left  the  Hadlow  hop  grounds,  and  proceeded  to towards  wards towards  Tudely,  crossing  the  Upper  Great  Hartlake Hartlakebridge,  bridge, Hartlakebridge,  over  the  Rive  - STYLE=superscript  :  Medway,  in  safety.  This  bridge  is  very  old,  and  is  built  principally  of  wood  ;  it  has  a  descent  on  either  side  of  about  eight  feet  in  forty,  with  a  close  boarded  fence,  between  two  and  three  feet  in  height  ;  and  on  the  Tudely  side  the  road  curves  a  little  to  the  left,  oak  slabs,  in  a  rotten  state,  supporting  it  for  some  little  distance.  At  this  spot  there  is  a  depth  from  the  road  of  about  eight  feet,  which  is  generally  dry,  but  now,  owing  to  the  recent  rains,  it  is  covered  with  water,  and  thus  the  width  as  Well  as  the  depth  of  the  river  is  considerably  increased.  The  bridge  is  forty-two  feet  across,  and  nine  feet  three  inches  wide.  The  first  waggon-load  of  hoppers  having  been  con conveyed  veyed conveyed  to  its  destination,  the  second  waggon,  containing  forty,  if  not  more  persons,  followed  (the  unfortunate  creatures  singing  merrily,  as  usual),  at  the  rate  of  two  or  three  miles  an  hour.  At  the  ascent  of  the  bridge,  the  waggoner  desired  the  hoppers  to  discontinue  singing,  as  it  might  frighten  - STYLE=superscript  the  horses,  which  was  immediately  complied  with.  The  fore forehorse  horse forehorse  had  crossed  the  crown  of-  the  bridge,  and  was  descend descending  ing descending  on  the  Tudely  side,  when  its  foot  slipped,  from  the  pieces  of  iron  placed  on  the  roadway  to  give  a  sure  footing  ;  it  gave  a  sudden  plunge,  which  disconnected  it  l':om  the  wag waggon,  gon, waggon,  and  the  shaft-horse  at  the  same  time  leaning  a  little  to  the  right,  had  the  effect  of  forcing  the  hind  part  of  the  wag waggon  gon waggon  against  the  fence  on  the  off-side,  which  immediately  gave  way,  and  the  waggon  with  its  contents  was  precipitdted  into  the  river  •beneath.  The  scene  that  presented  itself  at  dren  all  huddled  together,  in  ;.antic  terror,  were  Striving  to  escape  destruction,  but  their  efforts  only  tended  to  increase  the  hopelessness  of  their  position.  !As !Assistance  sistance !Assistance  was  promptly  obtained,  and  by  the  *aid  of  lanterns,  the  face  of  the'  river',  was  examined,  but  it  was  too  late  •;  the  mass  of  human  beings,  with  the  exception  of  eight,  had  sunk  to  its  bottom.  For  upwards  -of  half  an  hour  after  the  occurrence  cries  for  help  were  heard,  but  the  unhappy  creatures  could  not  be  discovered.  One  little  Irish  lad  was  found  about  twenty  rods  down  the  stream  with  a  piece  of  fence,  which  he  had  clung  to  in  his  agony,  Still  fixed  in  his  hand.  He  was  up  to  his  middle  in  water,  and  was  speedily  rescued  from  his  agonizing.  position.  The  poor  fellow's  garments  were  torn  to  shreds  by  the  unfortunate  creatures  clinging  to  them  for  support  ;  and  there  is  no  doubt,  had  his  clothes  consisted  of  a  less  fragile  material,  his  life  would  also  have  been  sacrificed.  The  waggoner's  mate  was  sitting  on  the  side  of  the  waggon,  talking  to  his  little  boy,  just  as  the  accident  happened  :  and,  although  he  attempted  to  snatch  his  child  from  the  wagon,  he  was  un unable  able unable  to  do  so,  owing  to  the  close  manner  in  which  it  Was  packed  ;  and  he  only  escaped  by  throwing  himself  in  'the  opposite  direction.  The  bailiff's  life  was  saved  in  a  similar  manner.  During  Thursday  night  and  Friday  the  river  Was  searched  in  all  directions,  and  six  bodies  were  recovered— recoveredfive  five recoveredfive  females  and  one  man.  An  inquest  was  held  on  the  bodies  recovered,  on  Saturday,  and  after  the  examination  of  one  or  two  witnesses,  who  spoke  to  the  facts  detailed  above,  the  Coroner  summed  up,  and  in  doing  so,  recommended  the  substitution  of  a  stone  or  brick  bridge  for  the  present  one,  with  store  copings.  The  jury  consulted  together  for  a  short  time,  and  then  returned  a  verdict  of  Accidental  with  a  recom recommendation  mendation recommendation  to  the  River  Medway  Company  to  erect  a  new  bridge.  The  following  is  a  list  of  the  persons  who  are  now  miss missing  ing missing  :—Samuel  Leatherland  and  five  children,  Mrs.  Brusling Bruslington,  ton, Bruslington,  Mary  Mahony,  Mary  Bruslington  t  Sarah  Taylor,  Mrs.  Howard,  Jeremiah  Murphy,  Catherine  Donovan,  Mary  Quin,  Bridget  King,  Matthew  King,  Ellen  Collins,  Catherine  Roach,  Harry  Donovan,  Stephen  Taylor,  Taylor,  (child),  William  Elsley,  Mary  Elsley,  (wife),  Ellen  Dono Donovan,  van, Donovan,  Knight,  (child)  ;  man,  woman,  and  child  unknoWn.  It  is  estimated  that  the  weight  of  the  waggon,  with  its  contents,  was  about  two  tons.  The  waggoner  says  that  he  has  passed  over  the  bridge  with  four  tons.  -  SEVENTY-SEVENTH  ANNIVERSARY  OF  AMERICAN  INDEPENDENCE.  The  Melbourne  papers,  received  by  the  Eagle,  contain  a  long  account  of  the  celebration  of  the  77thl  anniversary  of  American  independence  in  that  town  on  the  4th  of  July,  and  as  some  of  the  gentlemen  who  took  part  in  the  proceedings  are  well  known,  and  not  less  respected  in  the  Liverpool  Ex Exchange,  change, Exchange,  we  have  no  doubt  the  following  abridged  report  will  be  read  with  interest  by  many  of  our  townsmen.  We  would  particularly  draw  attention  to  the  lively,  and  indeed  eloquent  address  of  GEORGE  F.  TRAIN,  Esq.  The  Melbourne  Argus  says  the  4th  July,  being  a  day  ever  memorable  in  the  annals  of  the  great  republic  of  the  New  World,  a  large  number  of  the  denizens  of  Melbourne,  who  trace  their  na nativity  tivity nativity  from  that  land  of  republican  equality,  smart  notions,  and  go-a  head  doings  in  business,  met  together  in  the  great  room,  at  Hockin's,  late  Passniore's  Hotel,  to  celebrate  the  oc occasion  casion occasion  with  all  the  usual  festivities  and  form.  Covers  were  laid  for  160  '  •  and  the  number  assembled  went  considerably  beyond  that  figure.  Dinner  being  over,  and  the  cloth  hav having  ing having  been  removed,  the  famous  declaration  of  American  inde independence  pendence independence  was  read,  and  received  with  much  applause.  Mr.  Train  acknowledged  the  subject,  by  reading  an  ora oration  tion oration  which  had  been  composed  for  the  occasion.  The  address  recalled  to  the  mind  of  those  present  that  this  was  the  first  occasion  on  which  they  had  met  to  celebrate  this  day,  which  was,  as  it  were,  the  birthday  of  their  nation.  Americans  could  almost  forget  that  in  Melbourne  they  were  not  in  New  York.  The  following  toasts  were  then  proposed  in  succession:—  The  day  we  celebrate  Her  most  gracious  Majesty  the  Queen  of  England  The  President  Prince  Albert  and  the  rut  of  the  Royal  Family  of  England  memory  of  those  who  signed  the  Declaration  of  Independ Independence  ence Independence  The  memory  of  George  On  the  next  toast  being  The  Armies  and  Navies  of  Great  Britain  and  America,—may  harmony  and  friendship  ever  reign  between  toast  being  drunk  with  enthusiasm,  the  band  played  first,  Rule  Bri 'Britannia,'  and  afterwards  Yankee  The  two  airs  alternately  excited  much  national  enthusiasm  :  nothing  un unpleasant  pleasant unpleasant  however  occurred.  Mr.  GARDENER,  then,  in  a  neat  and  appropriate  speech,  proposed  The  Public  Press  of  Melbourne  and  He  briefly  dwelt  on  the  influence  of  mind  acting  with  mind  upon  the  advancing  civilisation  of  the  age.  A  free  press  was  necessary  to  the  existence  of  a  free  and  enlightened  people.  England,  with  a  press  cramped  by  taxation,  had  yet  to  boast  of  a  great  and  influential  press  ;  while  France,  which  might  be  considered  the  hot-bed  of  European  civili civilisation,  sation, civilisation,  at  this  moment,  was  altogether  deprived  of  the  bulwark  of  freedom,  and  consequently  was  enslaved.  In  this  land  the  press  was  free,  and  it  was  consequently  vigor vigorous  ous vigorous  and  enlightened.  Upon  the  chair  giving  it  was  duly  honoured  in  the  manner  usual  to  Americans.  Mr.  Geo.  Francis  Train  responded  to  the  toasts.  He  said—Mr.  Chairman  and  gentlemen,  most  cheerfully  do  I  rise  to  reply  to  the  sentiment  which  every  Massachusetts  man  must  feel  a  thrill  of  pleasure  in  responding  to  ;  and  although  my  proper  place,  it  would  seem  to  me,  would  be  to  hide  myself  in  the  shadow  of  the  many  eloquent  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  present,  who  have  the  happy  faculty  of  using  the  En English  glish English  language  in  a  manner  that  cannot  fail  to  interest  you,  I  must  beg  permission  fo  say  a  word  in  telling  you  how  much  I  appreciate  the  courtesy.  Massachusetts  is  my  native  place,  and  I  assure  you  I  feel  proud  in  representing  her  this  evening.  I  was  born  beneath  the  shade  of  Faneuil  Hall.  My  school-boy  days  were  passed  among  her  forest  hills,  and  my  mercantile  experience  I  obtained  amid  the  shipping  of  her  capital.  I  love  her  as  my  natural  mother,  and  notwithstanding  my  being  so  many  leagues  away,  I  cannot  easily  forget  her  sacred  memory  :  but  she  needs  no  eulogy  from  me.  In  the  magic  words  of  her  great  dead  statesmen,  There  is  Lexington  and  Concord  and  Bunker  Hill,  and  there  will  they  remain  .for  The  prolific  land  that  has  given  birth  to  a  Franklin,  an  Alston,  and  a  Story,  reads  in  their  works  her  beautiful  history.  Her  statesmen—her  histo historians—her  rians—her historians—her  .  painters  and  her  orators—her  merchants  and  hermechamcs,  rank  high  in  that  which  makes  men  great  !  Look  at  her  merchant  marine—note  the  magnificent  fleet  of  clipper  ships  she  has  launched  within  a  few  short  years,  and  observe  the  progress  in  their  modelling;  you  have  them,  within  a  very  short  period,  all  the  way  from  a  sugar sugarbox  box sugarbox  to  a  pilot-yacht  !  Remember  that  The  clipper  ship  that  won  the  race,  Owns  Boston  as  her  native  place  ;  Donald  M‘Kay  may  well  feel  proud,  To  build  the  flag-ship  Flying  Cloud  !  Not  satisfied  with  having  built  the  fastest  ship,  he  is  now  about  completing  the  largest  in  the  world  !  A  ship  330  feet  long,  53  feet  breadth,  and  30  in  debth,  a  three-decker  with  four  masts,  and  to  register  4000  tons  ?  Need  I  tell  you  Mr.  Chairman,  she  is  to  be  called  the  Young  America  !  This  is  the  age  of  progress—and  surprised  we  cannot  be  at  anything  that  may  happen.  If  any  man  of  good  sense  should  tell  me  that  he  anticipated  taking  a  voyage  round  , STYLE=superscript  the  world,  with  only  a  single  shirt  to  his  back,  and  a  dicky  in  his  hat,  in  some  patent  air-navigating  baloon—or  that  England  and  Ameriea  were  shortly  to  be  Siamese  Twins,  by  means  of  a  submarine  magnetic  wire—or  that  some  promising  son  had  discovered  a  patent  for  living  without  eating  —or  walking  wnite  sitting  in  Ins  cnair—or  a  thousand  and  one  incredible  things,  I  should  want  to  reflect  a  moment  before  I  began  to  America  has  been  making  rapid  strides  in  improvement.  Iler  land  is  crossed  with  railroads,  lined  with  electric  wire—  _  _  _  The  steed  called  lightning,  say  the  Fates,  Was  owned  in  the  United  States—  Twas  Franklin's  hand  that  caught  the  horse,  _  _  '  Twas  harnessed  by  Professor  Let  us  jump  on  board  a  Collins  steamship,  and  shake  hands  with  our  relations  on  Albion's  shores.  Observe  the  good  feeling  that  has  existed  between  us,  and  my  prayer  shall  ever  be  that  the  same  cordial  spirit  between  the  two  great  branches  of  the  Anglo-Saxon  race  shall  continue  and  increase  under  the  beautiful  flag  of  our  own  happy  land  and  the  strong  arm  of  England,  till  the  last  wave  breaks  on  the  shores  of  eternity  !  May  no  barrier  spring  up  to  mar  the  happiness  of  either,  and  why  should  they  not  ever  be  on  the  best  of  terms,—the  gifted  mother  and  the  progressive  child  ?  Compare  their  histories,  and  in  many  features  you  can  but  detect  a  strong  family  resemblance—in  the  one  . STYLE=superscript  you  have  an  acknowledged  republic—in  the  other  the  great  Talleyrand  tells  us  you  have  the  republic  in  free,  and  both  with  a  broad  and  liberal  government.  Really  they  are  not  so  much  unlike.  Go  back  to  earlier  days. STYLE=superscript  While  we  were  stirred  by  the  burning  eloquence  of  Patrick  Henry  and  his  compatriots,  she  was  listening  to  the  immortal  Burke  and  the  men  of  his  day.  If  the  same  domestic STYLE=superscript  fire fireside  side fireside  has  given  England  two  Premiers,  so  was  the  old  Bay  state  furnished  America  with  two  Presidents  from  the  same  family  ;  for  while  she  may  speak  of  the  eloquent  Chatham  and  the  wondrous  boy-premier  William  Pitt,  we  can  but  remember  the  elder  Adams  and  his  son  the  old  man  elo eloquent  quent eloquent  One  from  each  land  died  in  full  honours  while  in  the  councils  of  their  respected  nations  !  Look  at  Eng.  land's  stupendous  monuments  of  genius.  Go  and  see  that  leviathan  piece  of  mechanism  of  Stephenson's,  the  Tubular  Bridge  ;  walk  through  the  Thames  Tunnel,  and  stop  a  mo moment  ment moment  at  the  Crystal  Palace,—and  you  will  find  wonders  arti artificial  ficial artificial  as  great  in  magnitde  as  in  Niagara  Falls  and  the  Mammoth  Cave  in  America,  you  have  them  natural  !  Go  with  me  to  Chatsworth,  the  most  beautiful  palace  in  Europe  ;  and  here  the  princely  owner,  whom  I  was  honoured  by  meet meeting  ing meeting  on  the  banks  of  the  Menai,  will  tell  you  of  what  Mr.  Paxton  has  done.  Industry  and  enterprise  is  England's  excelsior  motto  as  well  as  ours.  We  have  taken  many  a  leaf  from  her  book,  and  have  oftentimes  rested  beneath  the  wide-spreading  branches  of  her  gigantic  oak,  which  covers  one  hundred  and  fifty  millions  of  her  people.  Even  now.we  have  to  see  what  takes  place  in  the  world  through  England.  Read  that  mammoth  engine  of  the  Press  ,  that  bears  the  same  relation  to  England,  that  the  Y.  Herald  does  to  America,  the  London  Times,  and  you  will  see  a  daily  history  of  the  world.  But  enough  of  the  land  of  my  nativity,  where  I  have  spent  so  many  gala  days.  Enough  of  England,  where,  in  that  great  commercial  port,  Liverpool,  I  first  learnt  the  true  meaning  of  hospitality.  A  twelvemonth  (among  her  mer merchants,  chants, merchants,  I  can  judge  something  of  their  dispositions,  for  -x  li  aQ  •Irk  n  Tan]  AQ  much  at  home  as  though  I  had  been  with  them  as  many  years.  I  say  enough  of  the  land  where  I  was  born,  and  the  land  where  I  sojourned  so  short  a  time  :  but  a  word  for  the  land  of  my  adoption—Australia  !  my  new  home  !  May  its  precious  treasure  shed  a  peaceful  light  throughout  the  social  circle,  and  develope  a  gold-field  of  happiness  to  all  who  have  been  drawn  beneath  its  magnet.  Australia!  the  brightest  star  in  the  whole  British  galaxy  !  May  it  continue  to  shine  over  the  pathway  of  the  weary  emigrant  until  he  has  found  the  haven  for  which  he  has  so  long  sought  !  Australia  !  the  great  El  Dorado  of  the  Southern  Ocean  !  May  the  time  be  not  far  distant  when  we  shall  show  the  good  effects  of  her  yellow  harvest  in  building  a  railroad  to  Sydney  and  to  Adelaide,  and  every  other  commercial  town  in  the  Colony,  with  a  magnetic  telegraph  for  a  companion.  May  this  wonderful  town  continue  to  grow  and  widen  until  it  has  eaten  up  all  the  surrounding  villages  ;  and  may  the  facilities  for  business  keep  pace  with  the  wants  of  her  people.  The  criminal  can  no  longer  be  seen  among  your  people,  and  its  emancipation  is  a  subject  for  rejoicing.  Several  other  toasts  were  proposed  and  amongst  others  Mr.  THROCKMORTON  proposed  the  British  and  American  Army  and  and  coupled  therewith  the  names  of  Colonel  Valliant  and  Lieutenant  Morris.  If  these  things  ever  came  to  pass  America  would  maintain  them  both.  (Drunk  amid  loud  cheers.)  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  responding  to  his  health  being  drunk,  dwelt  upon  the  unison  of  feeling  that  must  ever  exist  be between  tween between  England.  and  America.  Had  the  British  Government  behaved  towards  the  United  States  as  it  had  done  towards  the  Australian  colonies,  she  would  no  doubt  have  still  re retained  tained retained  possession  of  them,  (hear,  hear)  but  her  course  of  policy  was  diderent.  He  delighted  in  the  feeling  of  amica amicability  bility amicability  which  existed  between  the  two  nations,  and  he  felt  sure  that  the  commerce  of  the  United  States  and  England  would  have  no  rival  in  the  whole  world.  (Loud  cheers.)  Several  other  volunteer  toasts  were  given,  and  the  pro proceedingsbrolonged  ceedingsbrolonged proceedingsbrolonged  to  an  early  hour  in  the  morning  amid  the  greatest  hilarity  and  enthusiasm,  peculiarly  characteristic  of  the  American  feelings  upon  an  occasion  which  is  so  much  reverenced  by  the  American  citizen  at  home  or  abroad.  THE  PUBLTC  DEBT.-It  seems  by  a  return  to  Parliament,  that  in  the  year  ended  the  sth  January  the  in interest  terest interest  on  the  permanent  public  debt  was  £23,637,936."
