text
"FURTHER  PARICULARS  The  rPetrie  of  Monday  evening  contradicts,  on  the  authority  of  letters  from  Constantinople  of  the  9th,  several  parts  of  the  account  given  of  the  battle  Sinope  in  the  St  Petersburg  journals.  It  states  that  the  Turkish  frigates  were  much  weaker  in  number  of  cannon  than  the  Russian  report  states  ;  that  the  Russians  fired  upon  the  transports  and  the  town  after  the  battle  ;  and  that  the  Russians  behaved  in  the  most  barbarous  manner  to  the  Turk Turkish  ish Turkish  admiral  when  they  made  him  prisoner.  A  telegraphic  dispatch,  received  this  morning,  informed  us  that  an  insurrection  had  taken  place  in  the  Crimea,  in  favour  of  Turkey,  and  that  that  was  the  cause  of  a  portion  of  the  eorps  of  General  Lu Luders  ders Luders  being  sent  there.  Subsequent  accounts,  how however,  ever, however,  state  that  the  report  was  unfounded.  The  rupture  between  the  courts  of  Turkey  and  Persia  is  confirmed,  and  we  have  also  positive  in  formation  of  the  departure  of  our  Charge  d'Affaires  from  the  Court  of  the  Shah.  It  is  stated  that  the  Russians  have  promised  Persia  support  to  raise  the  Affghans  against  British  rule.  The  debt  of  50  millions  due  from  Persia  to  the  Russian  govern government  ment government  will  no  longer  be  claimed  ;  but  Persia  must  side  in  the  coming  struggle  against  her  fellow  in  faith,  the  Ottoman.  The  Times  having  intimated  that  the  backward  policy  or  action  of  England  was  caused  by  an  anxiety  Ito  concede  to  the  policy  or  wishes  of  France,  the  French  government  felt  annoyance  at  a  charge  they  declared  the  reverse,  if  fact.  It  is  stated  in  the  ministerial  circles  that  M.  Drouyn  de  Lhuys  received  yesterday  a  letter  from  the  French  ambassador  in  London,  informing  the  French  go government  vernment government  that  Lord  Clarendon  had  assured  him  that  the  Times  had  made  these  charges  without  au authority,  thority, authority,  and  that  the  British  government  greatly  regretted  to  see  such  an  article  publised.  The  correspondent  of  a  London  journal  respect respecting  ing respecting  the  object  of  the  fleets  in  entering  the  Black  Sea  says  The  instructions  given  to  the  admirals  are  to  the  effect  that  they  shall  stop  all  Russian  ships  found  cruising  in  the  Black  Sea,  and  force  them  to  return  to  Sebastopol,  which  port  they  will  not  be  allowed  to  leave  till  the  conclusion  of  a  treaty  of  peace  I  need  hardly  say  that  this  is  a  serious  and  formidable  step  towards  actual  war,  but  one  of  which  I  am  convinced  all  England  will  approve  ;  and,  if  we  are  to  believe  the  Russians  re•  siding  in  Paris,  it  is  more  than  the  Czar  will  sub submit  mit submit  to.  We  shall  see  I  haVe  reason  to  believe  that  an  announcement  to  this  effect,  coming  from  the  highest  authority,  will  appear  in  the  Belgian  papers  within  the  next  twenty-four  hours.  The  announcement  will  add  that  ought  to  have  confidence  in  the  wisdom,  and,  at  the  same  time,  in  the  energetic  decision,  of  that  man  to  whom  sh  e  has  entrusted  the  sacred  deposit  of  her  j  understand  that,  for  some  unexplained  reason,  the  wish  is  that  this  announcement  should,  in  the  first  instance,  appear  in  the  foreign  papers.  The  French  Government  is  making  quiet  but  efficient  preparations  for  war.  At  the  Ministers  de  la  Guerre,  plans  are  being  prepared  for  the  organi organization  zation organization  of  42  divisions,  which  will  give  an  effective  force  of  600,000  men.  One  of  the  great  difficulties  is  to  find  the  money  necessary  to  carry  the  measure  into  execution.  It  is  rumoured  that  the  Sublime  Porte,  after  having  received  the  note  of  the  sth  December,  re repeated  peated repeated  its  declaration  that  it  was  determined  not  to  enter  into  into  negociations  for  the  re-establish  meat  of  peace  until  after  the  evacuation  of  the  principalities.  It  is  also  rumoured  that  a  very  vio violent  lent violent  scene  has  occured  between  M.  de  Kisseleff  and  Lord  Cowley,  on  the  subject  of  the  affair  at  Sinope."
