text
"MORTALITY  AT  SEA.  The  New  York  papers  continue  their  fearful  records  of  mortality  on  board  the  ships  arriving  at  that  port  from  Europe.  Here  is  a  partial  list  of  the  arrivals  for  the  last  seven  days,  with  the  mortality  reported  :  Statesman,  from  Antwerp,  25  deaths  ;  barque  Cmsar,  from'  Hamburg,  7  ;  Calhoun,  from  Liverpool,  (including  4  seamen  and  1  boy)  54  ;  Emma  Fields,  from  Liverpool,  42  ;  Delaware,  from  Bremen,  15  ;  Empire,  from  Havre,  73;  Antarctic,  from  Liverpool,  75;  ship  Fidelia,  from  Liverpool,  (seamen)  3  ;  barque  Rhein,  from  Hamburg,  ;  ship  Cornelia,  from  Liverpool,  The  Journal  of  Commerce,  commenting  upon  this  sad  fatality  says  :  During  the  last  two  months,  disease  has  greatly  afflicted  the  emigrant  vessels.  It  is  not  recollected  that  the  mortality  on  shipboard  was  ever  before  so  great.  Some  variety  of  opi opinion  nion opinion  has  existed  as  to  the  nature  of  the  disease  prevailing— prevailingbut  but prevailingbut  upon  inquiry  at  the  emigration  office,  we  learn  that  the  physicians  at  quarantine  (who  have  already  had  an  extensive  experience,)  are  nearly  or  quite  agreed  that  it  is  closely  allied  to  that  form  of  cholera  which  has  for  some  months  past  pre prevailed  vailed prevailed  in  Europe..  There  are  no  local  influences  on  our  emi emigrant  grant emigrant  ships  tending  to  aggravate  the  disease,  for  these  vessels  are  as  cleanly,  well  ventilated,  and  well  provisioned,  as  here heretofore.  tofore. heretofore.  In  these  respects,  they  are  generally  far  superior  to  what  they  were  a  comparatively  short,  time  ago.  Yet  hun  in  -  dreds  of  individuals  have  died  forty-eight  hours  after  the  first  attack.  Some  even  die  before  the  ships  leave  their  anchorage  in  Mllitpcan  Ponta-  The  ordinary  ship  fever  is  not  as  malignant.  We  learn  that  some  of  the  sea  captain.  have  great  confidence  in  the  use  of  a  mixture  of  brandy  and  cayenne  pepper  as  a  remedy.  Captain  Kelly,  of  the  American  Union,  considers  that  he  owes  his  life  to  this  prescription.  Since  the  cholera  began  to  prevail  on  ship-board  with  the  fatal  effects  now  so  frequently  noticed,  or,  say  within  two  months  past,  probably  12,000  emigrants  have  been  landed  at  quarantine,  on  Staten  Island,  and  there  cleansed,  fed,  and  elothtd,  at  the  expense  of  the  emigration  'commissioners,  wh.le  the  vessels  have  undergone  a  process  of  purification.  By  this  means,  the  disease  has  been  excluded  from  the  city,  and  from  the  emigrant  houses  on  Ward's  Island.  Every  ship  is  detained  at  quarantine  two  or  three  days,  or  until  the  health  officer  pronounces  her  in  good  The  Evening  Post,  commenting  upon  the  statement  above  made,  that  there  are  no  local  influences  on  our  emigrant  ships  tending  to  aggravate  the  remarks,  and  we  think  with  much  truth  :  But,  admitting  the  general  improvement,  it  is  still  true  that  many  of  them  are  entirely  unfit  for  the  business  to  which  they  are  appropriated.  If  the  writer  of  the  paragraph  would  visit  one  of  these  vessels  just  after  her  arrival  in  port,  he  would  find  the  foul  air,  the  filth  and  the  oduur,  emanating  from  the  parts  to  which  emigrants  are  confined,  wholly  WO  would  again  call  the  attention  of  our  New  York  con contemporaries  temporaries contemporaries  to  the  fact  that  there  has  been  no  unusual  mortality  on  board  the  ships  of.  Train's  line  of  Boston  and  Liverpool  packets.  We  have  already  given  a  table,  showing  that  the  deaths  on  board  these  packets  during  the  summer  months  did  not  average  more  than  one  to  a  ship.  The  same  exemption  from  sickness  has  continued  during  the  fall  months.  Within  a  fortnight  five  ships  have  arrive  at  this  port  consigned  to  Enoch  Train  and  Co.,  bringing  nearly  two  thousand  passengers,  and  the  deaths  have  not  averaged  more  than  one  to  a  ship  ;  and  this  while  the  vessels  which  left  Liverpool  at  the  same  time  for  New  York,  have  marked  their  track  over  the  broad  ocean  with  the  dead  bodies  of  their  human-  freight.  In  the  name  of  humanity,  we  ask,  why  is  this?  We  know  that  particular  attention  is  paid  in  the  Ships  of  Train's  line  to  cleanliness:  and  ventilation,  and  the  most  watchful  supervision  is  exercised  over  the  san sanitary  itary sanitary  condition  of  the  ships.  We  can  only  attribute  the  mortality  on  board  the.  New  York  ships  to  a  lack  of  these  precautions  and  of  this  unceasing  vigilance.—Boston  Paper,"
