text
"THE  MARKETS  (From  De  .Cordova's  Mercantile  _Tr,  _  .  of  the.  import  or  produce  r  Henry  Barkly  ;  and  the  But  Lenthr  incr  Sent.  10.)  must  occur  in  the  settlement  of  our  fiscal  and  financihl  affairs  have  litid  the  4  . STYLE=superscript  eet  of  confining  the  narrowest  limits  possible;  as  no  one  kn(  would  be  wise  or  safe  to  sell  or  to  buy  at  t  ons  within  whether  it  •  the  sathe  time  dealers  generally  are  Well  supplied  with  flour  and  meal,  and  evince  no  desire  to  increase  their  stocks  ;  the  last  prices  have  therefore  been  barely  sustained..  Codfish  and  herrings  are  perhaps  the  only  articles  which  are  wanted,  and  for  which,  in  consequence  of  their  extreme  scarcity,  a  considerable  advance  on  our  last  quotations  could  be  ob obtained,  tained, obtained,  to  realise  which,  however,  the  receipts  must  be  moderate.  Fruit  and  native  vegetables  are  coming  in  in  abundance,  and  affect  the  demand  for  all  imported  bread breadstuffs,  stuffs, breadstuffs,  with  the  exception  of  rice,  to  a  considerable  extent.  BUTTER.—AImost  all  the  new  Irish  has  changed  hands  at  131  d.  to  131  d.  Some  recent  receipts  of  American  have  been  moved  at  I  ld.  a  12d.  per  lb.  The  stock,  especially  of  Irish,  is  very  unimportant.  Bit'ANDY.LSome  operations  in  Ilenessey's  pale  are  re reported  ported reported  at  Ils.  6d.  to  12s.  per  gallon.  Inferior  sorts  meet  with  no  attention  Cones  MEAL  has  been  very  quiet,  with  „  excess'  of  inquiry.  Some  moderate  parcels  from  New  York  have  been  placed  at  15s.  to  15s.  6d.  per  bbl.  Coax.-7s.  has  been  refused  for  500  bags  from  Phila Philadelphia.  delphia. Philadelphia.  Moderate  lots  command  7s.  sd.  There  is  not  any  sound  South  American  at  Market.  FLoun.—With  the  exception  of  a  re-sale  of  560  bbls.  Baltimore  at  265.,  and  200  bbls.  Alexandria  at  the  same  price,'  we  have  not  heard  of  any  wholesale  transactions.  The  stock  is  very  large,  and  several  parcels  are  decaying  rapidly.  Fresh  parces  of  old  wheat  are  held  for  275.  to  985.;  and  of  the  new  wheat,  at  295.  ;  but  dealers  are  well  stocked  and  evince  no  desire  to  purchase.  FREIGHTS.  —There  are  no  vessels  offering.  GOLD.—We  quote  American  at  1  to  2  per  cent.  premium  Doti')loons'  are  scarce  and  in  little  inquiry  11Ams.—We  quote  Lancashire  at  thid,  an(  71d.  per  lb.,  but  there  is  little  inquiry  for  either  American  at"
