text
"POLICE  COURTS.--YESTERDAY,  LIVERPOOL.  LOOKESTO  FOR  BLACKBERRIES.  John  Walsh,  a  very  small  boy,  was  charged  by  officer  660,  with  stealing  21  lbs.  of  butter.  The  officer  stated  that  he  met  the  prisoner  in  Scotland-road  on  Thursday  afternoon,  with  the  butter  in  - STYLE=superscript  his  possession.  The  prisoner  said  that  he  was  seeking  blackberries  at  Kirkdale  when  he  found  the  butter  at  the  back  of  a  ditch.  The  magistrate  said  it  was  a  very  un unlikely  likely unlikely  place  to  find  such  an  article,  and  as  he  had  been  in  a  scrape  before,  he  should  now  be  committed  for  one  'Week.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  BY  A  PROSTITUTE.—  A  SIMPLE  YANKEE.—Charles  B.  M'Kane,  a  naturalized  American,  and  one  of  the  arrivals  by  the  Golden  Ag  e  ,  on  Wednesday  evening,  complained  of  havin  g  .  been  robbed  on  'the  night  of  his  arrival,  of  660  dollars  in  33  twenty-dollar  pieees.  He  stated  that  upon  leaving  the  steamer,  he  had  the  mis misfortune  fortune misfortune  to  come  in  contact  with  the  prisoner,  Catherine  Wilkinson,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Prince's  dock.  She  hailed  him,  and  unfortunately  for  himself  he  returned  the  salute,  and  went  with  her  through  innumerable  streets  and  lanes  until  they  came  to  a  house,  kept  by  a  woman  whom  theprisoner  represented  to  be'a  widow,  and  highly  respectable.  No  doubt  the  victim  believed  this,  for  he  immediately  retired  to  rest,  the  money  at  the  time  being  fastened  about  his  waist,  in  a  buck-skin  purse  contained  in  a  buck-skin  belt.  In  the  dead  of  the  night  he  was  awakened  by  a  gentle  hand,  and  found  his  belt  unfastened,  and  not  liking  this  liberty  on  the  part  of  his  charmer,  he  gently  , STYLE=superscript  intimated  to  her  that  she  attempted  that  game  again  he  would  choke  The  prisoner  evidently  seemed  to  think  that  such  a  course  on  the  part  of  the  man  of  gold  was  not  at  all  improbable,  if  she  did  not  change  her  tactics,  so  she  resolved  to  adopt  the  soothing  system,  and  that,  with  the  potent  auxiliary  of  whiskey,  as  she  considered  her  Yankee  friend  far  too  wide  with  almost  un unprecedented  precedented unprecedented  simplicity,  particularly  in  a  person  just  returned  from  the  first  land  of  gold,  the  poor  victim  took  from  the  insidious  hand  of  the  prisoner,  three  glasses  of  how  qualified  it  would  be  hard  to  say,  but  he  then  fell,  asleep  in  right  down  earnest,  and  on  awaking  found  that  his  money  was  gone,  and  that  the  fickle  fair  one  and  the  little  widow',  had  levanted  at  the  same  time.  Officers  628  and  63,  stated  that  this  case  was  now  in  the  hands  of  the  detective  police  ;  complainant  had  made  his  statement  to  them  soon  after  he  discovered  the  loss,  and  pointed  out  the  house  in  which  he  had  been  robbed,  which  proved  to  be  a  brothel  kept  by  a  notorious  character  named  Flynn,  in  Bannister-street.  The  police  immediately  arrested  the  prisoner's  who  was  named  John  Wilks,  and  who  was  now  put  forward.  On  Thursday  evening,  628  arrested  the  female  prisoner,  whom  complainant  mdentified  in  a  beer  shop  in  Milton-st.  ;  in  the  beer  shop  the  officers  got  a  new  pair  of  stays,  which  they  ascertained  had  been  left  there  by  , STYLE=superscript  the  female  prisoner;  who  they  also  found  had  been  purchasing  a  number  of  ar articles  ticles articles  in  Whitechapel,  and  had  been  also  newly  rigged  out  in  a  full  suit  of  clothes.  Several  articles,  such  as  a  new  cap,  a  new  pair  of  boots,  &amp;c.  were  produced.  Mr  Clough  said  he  would  ask  for  a  general  remand  in  this  case,  no  money  fiad  been  found.  Remanded  accordingly.  ANOTHER  CHARGE  OF  STREET  ROBBERY  AGAINST  A  MI MILITIA  LITIA MILITIA  MAN.—Peter  Pendlbury,  a  man  in  the  uniform  of  the  Lancashire  Artillery,  was  charged  under  the  following  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  :—Yesterday  morning  at  2  o'clock,  a  gentleman  charged  this  man  with  having  robbed  him  of  his  gold  watch.  Witness  saw  his  guard  hanging  broken  from  his  neck.  The  gentleman  gave  his  name  as  William  Rigby,  but  he  did  not  now  appear,  although  he  promised  the  officer  last  night  that  he  would.  The  gentleman  came  running  round  from  Islington  and  he  made  the  complaint  to  witness  in  the  London  Road.  Two  Militia  men  came  round  immediately  after,  and  ran  as  soon  as  they  saw  the  gentleman  and  officers.  Witness  pursued  them  and  succeeded  in  arresting  the  prisoner  ;  but  his  companion  escaped.  The  gentleman  at  that  time  indentified  the  prisoner.  Mr.  Clough  said,  if  the  case  was  remanded  till  this  day,  they  would  probably  find  the  gentleman,  and  then  complete  the  case.  Remanded.  (It  was  mentioned  afterwards  by  Mr.  Clough,  that  Mr.  Rigby  had  turned  up,  and  that  lie  refused  to  come  forward,  or  give  his  address,  and  said  he  would  call  on  the  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  at  his  private  residence.  The  magistrate  stated  that  he  could  not  hear  him  on  the  case,  except  in  prisoner's  pre presence.)  sence.) presence.)  A  MALAY  IN  TROUBLE.—Catherine  Fitzimous,  and  Ann  Chambers,  were  charged  with  robbing  a  poor  Malay  named  Shak  Goomerali,  in  a  house  in  Spitalfields,  of  £2  4s.  It  appears  from  prisoner's  interpreted  statement,  that  Fitzimous  took  the  money  and  Chambers  received  it.  But  as  the  Malay  stated  he  was  robbed  at  eight  o'clock  on  Thursday  evening  and  was  found  by  the  police,  according  to  theirs,  at  the  house  of  prisoners  crying  .  for  his  money  at  eight  o'clock  yerterday  morning,  the  magistrate  said  it  was  a  case  in  which  his  mind  was  not  sufficiently  satisfied  to  convict.  He  should  therefore  discharge  both  prisoners.  A  SAVAGE.—A  large  strong  labouring  man  was  charged  with  assaulting  a  little  idiot  boy  who  frequents  the  pier  head.  It  appears  the  - STYLE=superscript  screams  of  the  boy  attracted  a  crowd,  several  of  whom  cried  until  one  more  active  in  his  in interferance,  terferance, interferance,  gave  the  prisoner  in  charge  to  the  police.  Pri Prigonpr  gonpr Prigonpr  alleged  in  his  defence  that  he  was  only  playing  with  the  boy,  and  did  not,  mean  to  hurt  him.  The  Court  sentenced  him  to  pay  a  fine  of  10s.,  or  be  imprisoned  for  a  month.  ASSAULT  ON  A  POLICEMAN.--Police  officer,  799,  charged  a  man  whom  he  found  drunk  in  the  streets  the  previous  night,  with  having  struck  him  and  created  a  riot  upon  being  arrested.  The  evidence  was  corroborrated  by  officer,  297.  The  prisoner  was  sentenced  to  pay  10s.  fine  and  costs,  or  be  imprisoned  for  a  week.  DEFENDING  A  PET.—.Tohn  Monk,  a  sailor,  was  charged  by  a  woman  named  Knight,  who  stated  that  she  kept  a  brothel,  with  having  assaulted  her.  Mr.  Owen  defended  the  prisoner.  The  complainant  stated  that  the  prisoner  was  in  her  house;  and  went  up  stairs  into  a  room  where  there  was  a  pigeon  belonging  to  her,  when  he  took  out  a  knife  and  cut  off  the  bird's  head  on  coming  down  stairs  she  remonstrated  with  him,  when  he  struck  her.  Her  husband  came  to  her  assistance,  and  the  prisoner  took  out  his  knife,  which  was  with  difficulty  taken  from  him.  On  behalf  of  the  prisoner.  some  witnesses  were  produced  who  were  in  the  house  at  the  time,  and  who  swore  distinctly  that  he  had  no  knife,  and  that  the  first  blow  was  struck  by  Knight,  the  husband  of  complainant.  The  Court  was  compelled,  in  consequence  of  the  conflicting  evi evidence  dence evidence  produced,  to  dismiss  the  case."
