text
"to  share  the  expected,  in  order  functions  of  G  A  despatch,  dated  Hamburg,  Tuesday  evening,  has  the  following  learn  from  Vienna  that  the  Austrian  Government  has  steadfastly  set  its  face  against  a  continuation  of  the  war  All  the  journals  have  been  ordered  to  express  their  confidence  that  the  negociations  will  lead  to  a  Treaty  The  Danau,  for  expressing  a  doubt  of  their  successful  termination,  has  been  seized  and  con-  -.--.-e -.--.-e  THE  FRENCH  FUNDS  PARIS,  TUESDAY  EVENING  At  the  termination  of  business  at  the  Bourse  to-  day  the  quotations  stood  as  follows  :—Four-and-a.  Half  per  Cents.,  94f.  ;  Three  per  Cents.,  67f.  90c.  THE  PEACE  NEGOCIATIONS.  -  We  read  the  following,  in  a  letter,  dated  Paris,  Monday  evening  :  Now  that  we  are  supposed,  rightly  or  wrongly,  to  be  approaching  the  last  stage  of  our  troubles  in  the  Russian  question,  a  desperate  effort  is  being  made  to  exalt  the  merits  of  Prussia  ;  and  if  you  believe  her  partisans,  it  is  to  her  decision  and  courage  (!  1)  that  we  owe  the  pacific  solution  which,  we  are  told,  is  imminent.  It  is  no  'doubt  true  that,  at  the  last  moment,  when  the  crisis  was  believed  to  be  very  close  at  hand,  which  Prussia  could  neither  retard  nor  hasten,  her  Envoy  at  St.  Petersburgh  received  instructions  from  his  Government  to  support  M.  Esterhazy  ;  to  desist,  in  fact,  from  the  support  and  encouragement  he  had  pre previously  viously previously  given  to  Russia.  Prussia  will  try  to  squeeze  herself  into  the  Conferences  that  will  soon  be  opened;  but  I  doubt  that  she  will  succeed.  It  is  not  likely  that  a  Power  which  not;  merely  stood  aloof  from  us  in  our  greatest  difficulties  and  dangers,  but  encouraged  our  enemy,  and  to  a  certain  extent  assisted  him,  should  be  admitted  to  share  in  the  important  negociations  because  she  had  received  notice  from  Russia  when  the  moment  came  to  stimulate  a  zeal  she  never  really  felt.  A  correspondent  writing  from  Vienna,  Jan.  18,  says  that,  during  the  last  two  dlys  the  representatives  of  the  Wt  stern  Powers  have  had  frequent  and  prolonged  con conferences  ferences conferences  with  the  Austrian  Minister  for  Foreign  Affairs,  and  it  is  known  that  the  foil  ng  two  questions  aro  now  under  discussion  :—.On  what  terms  is  the  armistice  to  be  conclude:l,  and  how  long  is  it  to  last?  When,  and  where,  is  the  Peace  Congress  to  meet.?  Naturally  no  positive  information  can  be  given  on  either  subject,  but  it  is  believed—as  has  already  been  stated—that  the  armistice  will  last  until  the  end  of  March  or  middle  of  April.  Either  Brussels  or  Aachan  (Mx-la-Chapelle)  is  likely  to  be  the  seat  of  the  future  Peace  Congress  or  Conference.  The  propositions  of  the  Allies,  duly  signed  by  the  Rus Russian  sian Russian  GOvernment,  are  already  on  their  way  back  to  Vienna.  Under  date  of  the  21st  inst.  we  learn  from  Berlin  that  it  is  positive  that  the  decision  of  the  Russian  Cabinet  in  favour  of  peace  was  exceedingly  sudden,  and  was  unex unexpected  pected unexpected  in  very  high  official  quarters  in  St.  Petersburg.  The  Russian  residents  at  Vienna,  and  the  persons  con connected  nected connected  with  the  Embassy  there,  had  made  every  prepara preparation  tion preparation  for  departure.  There  is  every  reason  to  believe  that  Prussia  will  be  invited  by  the  Allies  to  join  the  next  Conferences.  Prussia  will  have,  however,  to  give  her  adhesion  to  the  Austrian  propositions,  and  to  lend  her  assistance,  to  the  same  extent  as  Austria,  to  enforce  them,  if  the  negociations  should  fail.  If  Russia  should  recede  now,  we  may  look  for  a  general  coalition  of  the  German  Powers  against  her.  Count  Benkendorff  will  bring  the  confidential  communication  from  the  Czar,  consequent  on  the  altered  position  of  affairs."
