text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS  No  notice  can  be  taken  of  anonymous  communications.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarrantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLHER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  MONDAY,  OCTOBER  3,  1853  IF  England  had  the  greatest  share  of  ministerial  eloquence  during  the  parliamentary  session,  Scot Scotland  land Scotland  has  absorbed  nearly  the  whole  of  these  favours  during  the  parliamentary  recess.  First,  Lord  J.  RUSSELL,  then  Lord  PALMERSTON,  and  lastly  Mr.  GLADSTONE,  the  three  pillars  of  the  administra administration,  tion, administration,  have  delighted  our  neighbours,  and  in informed  formed informed  the  world,  by  the  grasp  of  their  principles,  and  the  frankness  of  their  expression.  They  com completely  pletely completely  put  Sir  JAMES  GRAHAM  and  his  Cork  orators  into  the  shade.  We  can  hardly  venture  to  assume  that  these  distinguished  statesmen  had  a  previous  rehearsal  of  the  terms  in  which  they  should  ex-  press  their  gratitude  for  the  pouring  out  of  munici municipal  pal municipal  honours.  Still  there  were  obvious  coincidences  in  their  language.  Each  dwelt  in  the  same  unifor uniformity  mity uniformity  of  tone  upon  the  success  of  our  universal  policy,  upon  the  willingness  of  this  country  to  strike  in  a  just  cause,  and  upon  the  decay  of  mere  party.  These  are  all  exceedingiy  grateful  topics— topicsthey  they topicsthey  were  chosen  with  discernment;  and  Scotland  has  done  a  service  to  the  world  by  enabling  the  leading  members  of  the  Government  thus  to  define  their  position.  .  _  Of  these  topics,  that  of  most  immediate  interest  is  the  assurance  that,  in  case  of  necessity,  we  are  able  and  willing  to  make  our  power  felt.  It  is  upon  this  certainty  that  .the  other  two  really  depend,  for  if  we  are  pusilanimous,  our  commerce  would  not  be  worth  five  years  purchase,  and  we  should  be  distracted  by  faction  and  divisions.  It  may  be,  and  is,  an  open  question  whether  the  Government  have  manifested  so  much  vigour  in  our  Foreign  policy  as  was  required  by  the  circumstances.  We  are  amongst  those  who  think  they  have  not.  But  they  give  us  a  rational,  though  not,  perhaps,  a  conclu conclulet  let conclulet  us  first  exhaust  all  the  means  sive  answer  of  keeping  peace  before  we  go  to  These  means  are,  to  a  great  degree,  a  matter  of  opinion  ;  opinion  is  influenced  by  temperament;  and  cer certainly  tainly certainly  Lord  CLARENDON  has  been  a  model  of  Here,  indeed,  is  patience  and  forbearanc  the  most  asssailable  point  of  the  Government.  We  foresee  that  though  they  may  be  enabled  to  main maintain  tain maintain  the  tranquillity  of  Europe,  they  will  be  exposed  to  serious  animadversion  in  the  next  session  of  Parliament,  for  it  has  not  yet  been  shown  that  the  embarrassments  of  the  Eastern  difficulty  might  not  have  been  solved  eight  months  ago  by  a  demonstra  tion  on  the  part  of  this  country.  But  if  peace  is  maintained  these  criticisms  will  be  of  no  practical  importance,  and  the  power  of  the  Ministry  will  be  consolidated,  we  hope,  for  the  purpose  of  extending  the  principles  of  our  commercial  system  and  pro promoting  moting promoting  the  comforts  of  the  people.  It  will  be  a  new  era  in  the  history  of  this  country  to  be  governed  without  party.  The  attempt  is  be being  ing being  made,  and  it  promises  to  be  successful,  though  it  is  opposed  to  many  of  our  traditions.  Confi Confidence  dence Confidence  must  be  the  bond  that  unites  the  people  to  such  a  Government.  In  other  words  the  Govern Government  ment Government  will  be  on  its  good  behaviour,  under  security  to  promote  improvements,  and  bound  by  the  con conditions  ditions conditions  upon  which  it  exists  to  have  regard  only  to  the  public  benefit.  This  principle  involves  many  great  results.  It  implies  the  removal  of  all  merely  ,class  interests,  enquiring  at  least  into  alleged  vested  rightS,  and  the'  adoption  of  pure  political  equity.  Any  6overntilittit  -- STYLE=superscript  undertaking  these  objects  will  have  no  tinic:lii.give  up  to  party.  The  addresses,  then,  of  the  three  Ministers  are  to  be  considered  in  the  light  of  an  indirect  decla declaration  ration declaration  of  the  policy,  by  which  they  will  hereafter  be  pledged  and  bound  ;'and  to  suh  a  policy,  whilst  allowing  the  utmost  freedom  of  opinion  as  to  its  details,  no  rational  being  can  hesitate  to  adhere.  IF  Winter  may  not  be  said  already  to  have  set  in,  ,sufficient  indications  of  its  approach  have  been  given  to  make  .  us  feel  that,  with  the  few  exceptional  fine  sunny  days  which  maybe  enected,  our  sum summer  mer summer  is  over.  Snow  has  been  lying  thickly  on  the  Grampian  hills  for  upwards  of  a  week,  and  the  papers  - STYLE=superscript  from  all  parts  of  - STYLE=superscript  EnropN  assert  that  the  Itsual  heralds  et  winter,  gales  on  lane  and  ocean,  have  been  as  violent  as  universal.  Winter  is  indeed  close  at  our  doors,  and  there  are  circumstances  in  the  state  of  theworld,  commercial,  social  and  physi physical,  cal, physical,  which  induce  men  to  regard  With  SOMething  like  apprehension  .the  pro4)6as  of  - STYLE=superscript  the  ensuing  season.  The  prosperity  which  we  have  no*  fOr  long  purled  enjOyedtheeomparatielyi  low  prices  of  late  years  of  the  necessaries  of  life—the  amount  of  demand  in  the  labour  market--  , STYLE=superscript  --the  inereased  facilities  of  gaining  a  livlihood  afforded  to  those  who  remained  at  borne,  by  the  departure  of  so  many  emigrants—these  things,  in  thentselveS,  so  directly  conducive  to  social  welfare,  11.01  V  make  the  very  idea  of  a  reverse  illore  obnoxious  and  terrible  ;  perhaps,  the  rather  so,  as  we  fear,  neither  enl enllectively  lectively enllectively  nor  individually,  has  so  flinch  been  done  as  might  have  been  done,  in  the  season  of  prosperity  to  provide  for  a  time  of  adversity.  It  is  not  often,  either  in  the  case  of  nations  or  of  indiVidilals,  that  years  of  plenty  are  made  to  contribute  their  offering  in  periods  of  scarcity.  Fortune  wears  a  radiant  face,  but  has  a  most  improvident  heart:  That  there  are  circumstances  apparently  to  justify  the  somewhat  sombre  view  of  the  dim  prospects  which  seem  to  be  generally  adopted,  cannot  adinit  of  a  doubt.  It  is  certainly.  wiSo  to  look  these  threatening  evils  boldly  in  the  face,  and  to  endea endeavour  vour endeavour  to  ascertain  how  far  they:  maybe  avoided  or  controlled.  Among  the  foremost,  and  the  soonest  felt,  must  be  classed  the  rapid  rise  of  the  prices  in  bread,  and,  partly  in  consecittence  thereof,  of  the  other  necessaries  of  life:  Here,  however,  we  think  a  little  consideration  will  prove  that  there  is  not  much  to  be  dreaded,  unless  it  be  indeed  by  these  speculators  in  grain,  who  may  be  holding  back  in  the  hope  of  realizing  unreasonable  prices.  It  is  true  that  not  in  England  only,  but  in  France,  and  in  the  countries  bordering  on  the  Baltic,  the  late  harvest  has  proved  deficient  both  in  quantity  and  quality;  but,  should  Peace  be  happily  preserved,  and  our  usual  supplies  from  the  shores  of  the  Black  Sea  be  forthcoming,  there  need  be  no  fear  of  disastrous  results.  According  to  the  calculations  of  a  writer  in  the  Circular  to  Bankers,  the  deficiency  in  the  late  harvest  may  be  regarded  as  equal  to  that  in  1846,  and  the  importations  of  wheat  and  flour  up  to  the  end  of  September  in  the  present  year,  in  excess  of  these  up  to  the  corresponding  period  in  1846,  by  2,196,673  quarters.  Ot  course  the  increase  of  consumption,  in  dealing  with  the  question,  must  not  be  lost  _sight  of;  but  taking  every  thing  into  consideration,  we  repeat  that  there  is  no  cause  for  alarm  with  regard  to  the  probable  price  of  broadstuffs  through  the  winter.  That  the  prices  in  the  Liverpool  corn  market,  for  instance,  should  be  steadily,  as  most  - STYLE=superscript  certainly  they  are,  on  the  rise,  proves  nothing  necessarily  alarming  to  consumers,  as  that  rise  is  in  despite  of  large  daily  importations  of  grain  from  America  and  elsewhere.  That  the  same,  or  similar  causes,  more  or  less  occult,  which  have  produced  the  rise  in  prices,  and  originated  the  somewhat  gloomy  anticipations  of  the  coming  winter,  on  which  we  have  been  com commenting,  menting, commenting,  should  also  have  caused  no  slight  panic  in  the  commercial  world,  cannot  be  wondered  at,  nor  can  it  but  be  expected,  judging  from  the  ex experience  perience experience  of  former  times,  that  Consols,  which  now  stand  as  low  as  91,  will  still  further  decline.  As  yet,  however,  there  has  been  a  general  immunity  from  bankruptcy  and  insolvency,  which  plainly  shows  a  generally  healthy  syStelia.  To  this  sub subject,  ject, subject,  then,  we  refer,  not  in  anticipation  of  evil,  but  in  the  earnest  wish  to.  effect  some  good:  and  on  this  topic,  it  is  to  the  industrial  portion.of  the  community  that  we  would  address  our  observa observations.  tions. observations.  The  disturbing  agencies  which  have  pro produced  duced produced  this  panic  in  the  mercantile  world  among  the  capitalists,  must,  in  their  immediate  effects,  operate  seriously  on  the  interests  of  the  labouring  classes.  Our  late  prosperity  was,  to  a  great  ex extent,  tent, extent,  the  result  of  foreign  demand  for  our  produce,  and  this  demand  the  cause  of  ready  empld3iinent  and  good  wages  in  the  manufacturing  districts.  At  the  present  moment,  the  glut  of  goods  in  the  Australian  markets,  the  state  of  affairs  in  China,  and  - STYLE=superscript  even  in  America,  together  with  the  raising  of  discount  to  five  per  -cent,  by  the  Bank  of  England,  will  undoubtedly  prove  but  too  efficient  checks  to  our  foreign  commerce,  and  therefore  to  the  full  employment  of  our  artizans  and  labourers.  Is  this  then,  we  would  in  earnestness  ask  the  working  man,  the  proper  time  for  strikes  ?  -  Yet,  looking  at  the  state  of  'affairs  at  Preston,  at  Barnley,  at  Wigan,  or  among  the  pitmen  on  the  Tyne,  and  the  Wear,  to  say  nothing  of  minor  demonstrations  throughout  England,  it  would  seem  as  if  labour  thinks  it  may  afford  to  riot  in  the  very  suicidal  wantonness  of  irresponsible  power.  Our  most  earnest  wish  is,  that  the  evils  arising  from  strikes  may  not  have  to  be  numbered  with  the  sufferings  and  privations  of  the  labouring  classeS  through  the  ensuing  winter.  In  conclusion,  as  far  as  the  anticipated  horrors  of  war,  and  epidemic  disease,  enhance  the  gloom  of  our  prospects,  it  is  cheering  to  reflect  that  Winter,  with  his  iron  hand,  holds  both  at  bay—Cossack  and  Cholera.  A  breathing  time,  at  least,  is  thus  allowed,  and  Spring  may  perhaps  find  us  reasonably  indulging  in  more  cheering  prospects.  THE  recent  increase  of  trade  from  Central  and  South  America,  and  especially  from  Buenos  Ayres,  Brazil,  and  the  River  Plate,  has  long  since  drawn  European  attention  to  that  vast  and  comparatively  unexplored  region.  Aside  from  the  eternal  Andes,  and  the  sterile  deserts  next  to  it,  there  is  a  country  extending  3,500  miles  in  one  direction,  and  1,800  miles  in  another,  capable  of  an  immense  population,  vast  productions,  and  an  almost  unlimited  trade;  a  large  portion  of  this  country  is  unrivalled  in  depth  of  soil,  salubrity  of  climate,  and  navigable  rivers.  It  abounds  with  the  richest  mineral  wealth,  includ including  ing including  gold,  silver,  copper,  lead,  and  tin  ;  and  by  re recent  cent recent  discoveries  it  is  ascertained  that  not  one-tenth  part  of  these  mines  are  worked.  The  capabilities  of  the  country  to  sustain  a  large  population,  may  be  inferred  from  the  circumstance,  that  when  the  Spaniards  first  explored  it,  at  the  close  of  the  fifteenth  century,  it  was  densely  peopled,  and  abounded  with  many  large  cities;  but  the  bloody  policy  of  the  Spanish  Conquerors,  and  the  vices  and  diseases  they  introduced,  caused  the  destruction  of  millions  of  its  natives.  Again,  the  ruins  of  ancient  cities,  discovered  both  in  Central,  and  South  America,  prove  a  dense  population  to  have  existed  at  some  remote  period  of  antiquity,  and  also  that  ahigh  state  of  civilization  there  prevailed.  There  are  found  the  remains  of  magnificent  cities  buried  in  the  impenetrable  forests,  having  hewn  pyramids,  sculptured  busts,  galleries,  •  sepulchral  vaults,  obe obelisks,  lisks, obelisks,  fluted  columns,  splendid  terraces  and  cor-  None,  but  a  country  full  of  people,  and  that  people  skilled  in  science  and  practised  in  the  arts,  could  display  such  things.  This  shows  us  that  this  Southern  customer  has  once  seen  better  days  ;  and  that  the  same  soil  which  once  reared  up  those  mighty  Monuments  to  the  Arts,  is  capable  of  renovation—a  new  life  and  a  new  destiny.  South  America  has  been  for  300  years  a  broad broadspread  spread broadspread  specimen  of  a  good  country.,  but  turSed  and  withered  by  the  Misrule  and  crimes  of  men.  After  being  ravaged  and  robbed  by  the  ruthless  hand  of  Spain,  for  more  than  two  centuries,  during  which  time,  brutal  tyrAtltA  and  despots  despoiled  it,  the  dotintry  became  the  scene  of  anarchy  and  civil  war,  from  which  she  has  not  yet  recovered.  indeed,  the  blood  of  ManY  generations  haS  been  'Poured  out  like  water  upon  the  land  by  the  instruments  of  death,  and  the  bones  of  the  contending  tribes  cremibie  in  the  dews,  and  bleach  in  the  sunbeams.  During  all  these  intestine  broils  both  the  land  and  the  mines  haVe  been  neglected  ;  hence,  it  is  no  wonder  that  our  coninierce  with  the  country  has  been  so  limited.  The  cocoa,  indigo;  6arSitparilia,  chinchilla-fUrS,  fiend  46-woods,  were  spontaneous  productions  ;  and  until  lately  these  were  Our  Chief  imports.  Though  the  Magnificient  rivers  extend  thousands  of  miles  into  the  interki',  the  civil  Wars  have  been  such,  that  navigation  has  been  neglected—no  canals  or  railways  constructed,  and  the  internal  communication  of  the  country  is  the  WaSt  and  MOst  difficult  in  the  World,  not  excepting  the  deserts  of  Sahara.  •  But  we  see  in  perspeCtiVe  a  better  era  about  to  dawn  upon  that  much  abused  and  neglected  coun country  try country  ;  and  a  rich  harvest  in  reversidn  to  NOilliern  England:  Another  element  of  improvement  is  now  in  course  of  development.  Notwithstanding  the  re.  cent  rumour  of  French  interference  with  the  State  of  Uruguay,  we  have  occasion  to  krithr,  that  most  of  the  new  Republics  fife  bortowing  the  constitu constitutions  tions constitutions  and  jutiSptudence  ot  the  United  States,  which  are  essentially  English  in  principle,  and  we  look,  that  these  do  work  out  a  mighty  change  for  the  better.  The  NeWspaper  Press,  too,  is  greatly  extending  in  the  fairer  portions  of  the  country.  Let  us  add  to  these,  the  great  national  project  of  linking  the  Atlantic  and  Pacific  together,  by  the  ship-canal,  across  the  Isthlunus  of  Panama,  or  South  Anierica.  When  the  country  shall  thus  be  made  an  Island,  and  the  commerce  of  the  civilized  world  shall  float  all  around  it,  the  inventions,  the  energy,  and  the  civilization  of  England  and  the  United  State,  must  penetrate  it  at  every  port,  and  the  mouth  of  the  Plate,  and  other  great  rivers,  will  become  immense  outlets  to  the  productions  of  an  empire,  and  inlets  to  the  manufacturies  of  Britain.  Already  the  South  American  and  General  Steam  Navigation  Company  have  established  a  regular  line  and  monthly  com communications  munications communications  by  steam,  and  the  commerce  by  merchant  vessels  is  on  the  increase.  Added  to  the  articles  they  heretofore  have  furnished  us,  will  soon  be  grain,  hides,  wine,  brandy,  cotton,  oil,  hemp,  flax,  fruits,  gold,  silver,  copper,  lead,  tin,  and,  indeed,  all  the  produc productions  tions productions  of  a  rich  soil,  shone  upon  by  a  genial  sun,  and  most  extensive  mines.  In  return,  as  civiliza civilization  tion civilization  advances,  inhabitants  will  require-  at  our  hand,  multiplied  and  increaing  quantities  of  manu manufactved  factved manufactved  goods  ;  and  Liverpool,  Manchester,  Leeds,  Sheffield,  Bradford,  &amp;c.,  will  profit  by  the  transformation.,  ARRIVAL  OF  A  PORTION  OF  THE  CHANNEL  FIEET  IN  THEMA:UM—EarIy  yesterday  morning  the  Hague,  Vulture,  Valoras,  Agamemnon,  and  the  Imperieuse,  arrived  in  the  Thames  from  Queenstown  harbour,  which  they  left  on  Thursday  evening  last.  A  CHILD  SCALDED  TO  DEATH.—On  Saturday  last  an  inquest  was  held,  before  the  borough  coroner,  on  tho  body  of  a  child  named  James  Stinson,  son  of  Mr.  Stinson,  of  No.  33,  Chartres-street,  who  died  on  Friday  afternoon  from  the  effects  of  some  boiling  tea,  which  fell  upon  him.  A  verdict  of  accidental  death  was.returned.  FATAL  Acc  IDENT.—James  Hampton,  a  shipwright,  residing  at  13,  Exeter-street,  Toxteth  Park,  fell  into  the  hold  of  the  ship  Annie  Armstrong  eight  weeks  ago.  He  was  taken  to  the  South  Hospital,  where  he  was  attended  by  the  surgeons,  and  was  afterwards  removed  to  his  own  house,  where  he  died  on  Saturday  morning.  An  inquest  will  be  held  this  day.  DARKNESS  night,  when  it  was  attempted  to  light  the  lamps  upon  the  George's  pier  and  the  landing-stage  at  the  usual  hours,  it  was  found  impossible,  owing  to  the  water  not  having  been  pumped  out  of  the  pipes,  to  allow  the  gas  to  pass  through.  The  neighbourhood  was  left  in  darkness  for  more  than  an  hour,  beiore  the  defect  could  be  remedied.  THE  WEATHER.—For  the  last  few  days  we  have  been  visited  with  very  unpleasant  and  changeable  weather,  the  wind  constantly  veering  round  from  N.W.  to  W.,  and  W.N.W.,  accompanied  by  deluging  showers  of  rain  and  hail.  Intense  cold  prevails,  and  everything  betokens  the  near  ap approach  proach approach  of  a  severe  winter.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  CITY  OF  MANCHESTER.—The  City  of  Manchester,  screw  steamer,  arrived  -yesterday  in  the  Mersey  from  Philadelphia,  after  a  fin  of  fifteen  days.  She  encountered  very  severe  weather.  Whilst  being  hauled  out  of  Dock  at  Philadelphia,  the  City  of  Manchester  carried  away  her  chains  and  sustained  some  slight  damage  ;  she  also  got  aground  on  the  bar  yesterday  morning  coming  into  port  without  a  pilot,  but  was  got  off  without  sustaining  any  very  serious  injury.  -  The  Marquis  and  Marchioness  of  Salisbury,  and  family,  after  paying  a  visit  to  the  Earl  and  Countess  of  Derby,  at  Knowsley,  remained  a  few  days  at  Childwall  Hall,  en  route  to  the  south.  NEW  YACHT.—A  splendid  Screw  Steam  Yacht,  built  for  Mr.  Charles  M.  Iver,  agent  for  the  British  and  North  American  Royal  Mail  Steam  Ship  Company,  arrived  here  yesterday  from  the  Clyde,  where  she  was  built.  She  is  of  26  tons  burthen  and  10  horse  power  '  •  length  70  feet,  breadth  of  beam  4.  The  new  yacht  left  Glasgow  in  com company  pany company  with  the  Jackall  tender,  and  arrived  in  the  Mersey  yesterday,  shortly  after  12  o'clock.  She  is  a  beautiful  looking  craft.  FIRE  IN  ANCOATS,  MANCHESTER,  YESTERDAY.  Yesterday  afternoon,  a  fire  broke  out  in  the  premises  of  Mr.  Thomas  Rowley,  butcher,  Great  Ancoats  Street.  It  was  Bonn  discovered  by  police  constable  46  B,  who  immediately  gave  information  to  Mr.  Rose,  at  the  police  yard,  Clarence  Street,  Mr.  Rose,  with  an  engine  and  a  strong  body  of  fire firemen,  men, firemen,  were,  within  a  few  minutes  afterwards  on  the  spot,  but  their  services  were  not  required,  the  fire  having  in  the  m  an antime  time antime  been  extinguished  by  the  neighbours.  The  damage  done  is  trifling,  and  the  origin  of  the  fire  is  unknown.  THI:  GREEN3iAN.—On  all  the  Epassengers  by  the  Silas  Greenman  were  landed,  and  the  nglish  and  Irish  emigrants  went  to  their  respective  lodging lodginghouses,  houses, lodginghouses,  the  Germans  going  to  the  Emigrant's  Home,  Moor-  fields.  Of  the  latter,  eleven  had  been  attacked  with  di'aiThcea,  and  were  removed  to  the  Hospital.  No  further  cases  of  cholera  have  occurred  amongst  them.  Until  those  at  present  lodged  there  are  in  a  position  to  leave,  no  emigrants  in  addition  will  be  received  in  the  Emigrant's  Home.  Every  precaution  has  been  taken  to  prevent  the  spread  of  cholera  amongst  those  who  were  on  board  the  Silas  Greenman.  This  week,  the  arrivals  of  German  emigrants  have  been  very  limited  in  number.  FIRE.  IN  BROUGHTON.—At  a  late  hour  on  Friday  night,  information  reached  the  Town  Hall,  Salford,  that  the  premises  of  Messrs.  Farnall  and  Griffiths,  timber  merchants,  Broughton,  were  on  fire.  The  chief  constable,  Mr.  Taylor,  with  his  usual  vigilence,  was  in  a  few  minutes  afterwards  on  the  spot,  accompanied  by  the  Nile  engine,  and  a  strong  body  of  the  fire  police.  On  getting  into  the  timber  yard,  they  found  that  there  was  no  water  there,  and  no  news  of  getting  it  there.  U  nder  these  circumstances,  Mr.  Taylor  formed  a  line  of  men  from  the  scene  of  destruction  to  the  river,  about  a  hundred  yards  distant,  and  in  this  way,  buckets  of  water  supplied  the  tub,  by  which  the  engines  are  got  into  operation,  and  the  fire  was  speedily  extinguished.  It  appears  that  the  fire  originated  in  the  boiler-house,  and  it  is  supposed  to  have  been  caused  by  the  overheating  of  a  quantity  of  wood  placed  there  to  dry.  The  damage  done  is  estimated  at  £4O  or  £5O.  DEATH  - STYLE=superscript  BY  DnowND:G.—An  inqiiest  was  held  be before  fore before  the  borough  coroner,  on  Saturday  last,  on  the  body  of  Mr.  James  Chapman,  of  the  Sefton  Arms,  London-road,  who  lost  his  life  under  the  following  circumstances  :—On  Sunday  week,  he  went  with  a  friend,  named  Mr.  George  Barker,  by  the  three  o'clock  boat  to  Eastham.  After  partaking  of  dinner  and  other  moderate  refreshment  there,  the  party  returned  to  the  ferry,  and  - STYLE=superscript  got  on  board  the  boat  and  the  deceased,  who,  his  friend  swore,  was  not  tipsy,  said,  I  will  stand  over  here,  getting  over  the  bulwarks  at  the  same  time  to  a  sort  of  grating  before  the  paddle-box.  Mr.  Barker  thinks  that  in  getting  over  he  overbalanced  himself,  and  thus  fell  overboard.  Although  an  immediate  alarm  was  ~  r STYLE=superscript  iven,  and  the  boat  stopped,  deceased  was  lost.  On  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  last,  thebody  was  found  at  Seacombe  Slip.  The  verdict  was  acidentally  drowned,"
