text
"an  imp  oper  kiwi,  for  it  contained  terms  winch  lude  any  court  from  jurisdictim  in  certain  cases  provi4ed  that  t  lijineer  should  liable  to  any  proceedinys.  A  stipulation  of  that  nature  could  only  be  treated  as  wlste  paper:'  Now,  is  it  possible  that  our  TowN-CLEak  and  Mr.  HAWKSLEY  were  not  aware;  before  they  dragged  the  Corporation  into  the  most  costly  law  proceed  _  ings,  that  such  conditions,  imposed  by  an  engineer  upon  a  contractor.  were  nothing  more  than  so  much  waste  Does  not  the  Tows-CLEnx  know  that  it  is  impossible  for  any  man  to  shut  out  another  from  the  protection  of  the  law  in  this  country  ?  Why,  then,  did  he  suffer  a  suit  of  this  to  be  entered  upon,  and  carried  to  such  lengths  hThe  TOWN  CLERK,  doubtless,  took  counsel's  opinion  on  the  case;  and  the  legal  gentleman  who  advised  the  defence,  has  little  cause  to  be  proud  of  the  contemptuous  remarks,  and  very  natural  decision  of  the  Court.  might  be  observed  the  VICE-CHANCELLOR,  that  such  a  stipu 'stipu'  hation  amounted  to  a  release  a!)  ante  ;.  but  a  release  as  affecting  fraud,  could  not  be  treated  as  a  release  ab  ante  to  which  the  Court  could  give  effect.  The  bill  having  alleged  active  conduct  on  the  part  of  Mr.  HAWKSLEY  to  the  plaintigY  injury,  thought  Mr.  HAWKSLEY  had  been  properly  made  a  party  to  the  suit  ;  and  the  demurrer  must  be  overruled,  With  A  more  just  judgment  was  never  pronounced  in.  any  court.  There  was  an  assumption  of  primi-  tive,  or  ante-diluvian,  simplicity,  first,  about  Mr.  .1-lAwicsLEv's  arbitrary  stipulations,  am],  secondly,  about  taking  such  a  case  into  court,  which  well  merited  the  cutting  rebukes,  and  final  deci6ion,  of  the  VICF:-CHANCELLOR,  and  it  is  only  to  be  hoped  some  member  of  the  Town  Council  will  take  upon  himself  to  see  that  L.  HAWKSLEY  iS  compelled  to  pay  his  just  portion  of  the  costs,  and  that  the  whole  amount  is  not  thrown  on  the  Cor Corporate  porate Corporate  fund.  Gentlemen  who  will  insist  on  childish  stipulations,  should  be  made  to  pay,  if  ily  for  the  trouble  they  give  men  of  business  in  endeavouring  to  obtain  the  money  justly  due  to  them.  It  is  possible,  however,  that  counsel  may  advise  an  appeal  should  be  made  to  the  Lord  CHANCELLOR,  and  probably  to  the  House  of  Lords,  against  the  VICE-CHANCELLOR'S  decision.  !  It  is  not  the  first  time  that  respectable  contractors  have  been  ruined  by  such  litigati  on,  and  have  been  compelled  to  spend  th  e  i  r  last  shilling  in  fighting  for  justice  against  the  unfathomable  purse  of  Corporate  and  other  public  bodies,  But,  it  is  hoped  some  honest  and  independent  m  an  in  the  Council  Clamber  will  look  after  this  case,  and  see  that  the  funds  of  the  Borough  are  not  Wrwnson,  JANUARY  17.—The  dinner  party  yesterday  included  the  Duchess  of  Cambridge,  the  Princess  Royal  ,  nd  the  Princess  Mary  of  Cam-  he  Count  of  F"
