text
"/  to  the  principles  of  the  constitution,  as  understood  by  those  who  have  adhered  to  the  most  restricted  construction  of  the  powers  granted  by  the  People  and  the  States.  Interpreted  and  applied  according  to  those  principles,  the  great  compact  adapts  itself  with  healthy  ease  and  freedom  to  an  unlimited  extent  of  that  benign  system  of  tederatife  self-governnient,  of  which  it  is  our  glorious,  and  I  trust,  immortal  chatter:  Let  us,  then,  with  re redoubled  doubled redoubled  vigilance,  be  on  our  guard  against  liehling  to'  the  temp temptation  tation temptation  of  the  exertion  of  doubtful  powers,  even  undet  the  pres pressure  sure pressure  of  the  motives  of  conceded  temporary  advantages,  and  ap apparent  parent apparent  temporary  expediency.  In  like  manner,  as  a  manifestly  indispensable  condition  of  the  perpetuation  of  union,  and  of  the  realization  of  that  magni magnificent  ficent magnificent  national  future  adverted  to,  does  the  duty  become  yearly  stronger  and  clearer  upon  us,  as  citizens  of  the  seve several  ral several  states,  to  cultivate  a  fraternal  and  affotionate  spirit,  language,  and  conduct,  in  regard  to  other  States,  and  in  rela  ion  to  the  varied  interests,  institutions,  and  habits  of  sentiment  and  opinion,  which  may  respectively  char characterise  acterise characterise  them.  Mutual  forbearance,  respect,  and  non-interfer non-interference  ence non-interference  in  our  personal  action  as  citizens,  and  an  enlarged  exercise  of  the  most  liberal  principles  of  comity  in  the  public  dealing  of  State  with  State,  whether  in  legislation  or  in  the  execution  of  laws,  are  the  means  to  perpetuate  that  confidence  and  fraternity,  the  decay  of  which  a  mere  political  union,  on  so  vast  a  s  , STYLE=superscript  ale,  could  not  long  survive.  In  still  another  point,  of  view  is  an  important  practical  duty  suggested  by  this  consideration  of  the  magnitude  of  dimensions,  to  which  our  political  system,  with  its  corresponding  machinery  of  government,  is  so  rapidly  expanding.  With  what  increased  vigilance  doest  it  require  us  to  cultivate  the  cardinal  virtues  of  public  frugality  and  official  integrity  and  purity.  Public  affairs  ought  to  be  so  conducted  that  a  settled  conviction  shall  pervade  the  entire  Union  that  nothing  short  of  the  highest  tone  and  standard  of  public  morality  marks  every  part  of  the  adminis administration  tration administration  and  legislation  of  the  Government.  Thus  will  the  Federal  system,  whatever  expansion  time  and  progress  may  give  it,  continue  more  and  more  deeply  rooted  in  the  love  and  confidence  of  the  people.  That  wise  economy,  which  is  as  far  removed  from  parsimony  as  from  corrupt  and  corrupting  extravagance—that  single  regard  for  the  public  good  which  will  frown  upon  all  attempts  to  ap approach  proach approach  the  Treasury  with  insidious  projects  of  private  interest  cloaked  under  public  pretexts—that  sound  fiscal  Administration,  which  in  the  Legislative  depUtment  guards  against  the  danger..  ous  temptations  incident  to  overflowing  revenue,  and  in  the  Executive  maintains  an  unsleeping  watchfulness  against  the  ten tendency  dency tendency  of  all  national  expenditure  to  extravagance—while  they  are  admitted  elementary  political  duties,  may,  I  trust,  be  deemed  as  properly  adverted  to  and  urged,  in  view  of  the  more  impressive  sense  of  that  necessity,  which  is  directly  suggested  by  the  considerations  now  suggested.  Since  the  adjournment  of  Congress,  the  Vice-President  of  the  United  States  has  passed  from  the  scenes  of  earth,  without  having  entered  upon  the  duties  of  the  station  to  which  he  had  been  called  by  the  voice  of  his  countrymen,  Having  occupied,  almost  continuously,  for  more  than  thirty  years,  a  seat  in  one  or  other  of  the  two  Houses  of  Congress,  and  having,  by  his  sin  •  gular  purity  and  wisdom,  secured  unbounded  confidence  and  universal  respect,  his  failing  health  was  watched  by  the  nation  with  painful  solicitude.  His  loss  to  the  country,  under  all  the  circumstances,  has  been  justly  regarded  as  irreparable.  In  compliance  with  the  act  of  Congress  of  March  2,  1853,  the  oath  of  office  was  administered  to  him  on  the  24th  of  that  month  at  Ariadne  estate,  near  Matanzas,  in  the  Island  of  Cuba  ;  but  his  strength  gradually  declined,  and  was  hardly  sufficient  to  enable  him  to  return  to  his  home  in  Ala Alabama,  bama, Alabama,  where,  on  the  18th  day  of  April,  in  the  most  calm  and  peaceful  way,  his  long  and  eminently  useful  career•  was  termi terminated.  nated. terminated.  Entertaining  unlimited  confidence  in  your  intelligent  and  patriotic  devotion  to  the  public  interest,  and  being  conscious  o  no  motives  on  my  part  which  are  not  inseparable  from  the  honor  and  advancement  of  my  country,  I  hope  it  may  be  my  p.ivilege  to  deserve  and  secure,  not  only  your  cordial  co-ope co-operation  ration co-operation  in  great  public  measures,  but  also  those  relations  of  mu mutual  tual mutual  confidence  and  regard  which  it  is  always  so  desirable  to  cultivate  between  members  of  co-ordinate  branches  of  the  Gov Government.  ernment. Government.  FRANKLIN  PIERCE.  WASHINGTON,  D.  C.,  Dec.  5,  1853.  LIST  OF  PASSENGERS  PER  STEAM  SHIP  FROM  BOSTON,  7TH  DECEMBER,  1853.—Mr.  T.  G.  Davie,  Van  Abbott,  W.  Whiteford,  Charles  Bacon,  W.  T.  Brady,  Charles  King,  F.  Smyth,  Palisons,  Fabian,  Capt.  Mellon,  Rev.  Henry  Caswell  and  lady,  son  and  daughter  ;  Madame  O'Hanster  ;  Lotach,  N.  J.  Lord,  Thomas  Tapling,  S.  G.  Whentland.  Vidal,  Arista,  F.  W.  Hill,  G.  W.  Johnston,  Thomas  Charlton,  D.  Richardson,  T.  F.  Parish,  M.  E.  Clarke,  Robert  G.  Brown,  Dichaux,  H.  Neald,  David  Lane,  J.  J.  Rogerson,  Edward  Evans,  E.  Maitland,  B.  Megone,  A.  M'Kaird,  John  Campbell,  Henry  S.  Charlton,  Frank  Hodgkinsod,  Gregorson,  —Nixon,  J.  W.  Nield,  A.  C.  Doorman,  John  Kerr,  Thomas  May,  James  Gilmour,  W.  C.  Evans,  —Rae  ,  Oldendorff,  W.  S.  Rassell,  Mr.  Thos.  Kear,  Mrs.  Martyn,  maid  and  2  chidren,  Mr.  Abbott,  Mr.  F.  Somers  and  lady,  R.  Macpherson,  Mr.  Mullins,  Mr.  John  McCartry,  Mr.  Vincent  and  lady,  Mr.  H.  Sherklaud,  Captain  Richardson,  D.  S.  Massini,  T.  A.  Whitt,  Herre,  J.  Stewart,  Antho  Vellon,  F.  Roux,  S.  M.  Ilion,  Grant,  Claverie,  Wood,  Nostage,  H.  Q.  St.  George,  David  Shaw,  A.  Cameron  and  lady,  Geo.  Waddell,  Badge,  Anna  Bruce,  Allan  Fluck,  J.  Waide,  John  Hamil Hamil.L.  .L. Hamil.L.  A.  iviusincr.  vmay.  sr.  ifflau“...  liourice,  lady,  lutaut,  and  servant,  Smifla,  J.  vv.  .I:turas,  Fairlarks,  Mitchell,  Kolo,  Nott,  Pearce,  F.  Montetragen.  List  of  passengers  by  the  South  American  and  General  Steam  Navigation  Company's  screw-steamer  Olinda,  Capt.  Haram,  from  the  Brazils  for  this  port,  which  vessel  has  put  into  Cork,  with  machinery  damaged  :  From  Monte  Video  :  Thomas  Blackie,  Dupony  Gustave,  H.  Lohnis,  Tajeu  Juan  Baptiste,  Brougness  August,  Piyolle  Marie  Thomas.  From  Buenos  Ayres  :  Pablo  Dilleman,  F.  Lahman.  From  Rio  :  Julius  Ree,  Kohfahl,  lady,  and  two  children,  W.  Lanton,  Richard  Foster,  Charles  Valais,  Fern,  Ling  Macnado  de  Mages,  Ales.  Hamilton,  Juan  Durand.  Miss  Clara  N.  de  Burwy,  Jose  Messeler,  Mrs.  Wilson.  From  Bahia  :  Ric Riccard  card Riccard  Latham,  Joaq.  Frin  d'Almeida.  From  Lisbon  :  Ed Edward  ward Edward  Thornton,  Jos.  Sturge  Gilpin,  Emile  de  Lagarde,  Geo.  Olver,  wife,  and  two  children,  J.  F.  Wilman,  wife,  and  four  children,  Samuel  Jenkins,  H.  Rowe,  J.  Jennings,  John  Friend,  Abraham  Isaacs,  James  Mather,  and  Herbert  Elliot.  MR.  SMITH  O'BRIEN.  This  gentleman,  the  Irish  journals  inform  us,  has  made  his  escape  from  Maria  Island,  Van  Dieman's  Land.  At  the  Manchester  Police-court,  on  Saturday,  a  young  man  named  William  Lawson  was  committed  for  trial  to  the  assizes  for  having  stabbed  a  young  man  named  Edward  Clarke.  AN  INFANT  FOUND  DEAD.—CURIOUS  CASE.  —Mr.  E.  Her Herford,  ford, Herford,  coroner,  held  an  inquest  on  Friday  evening,  at  the  Shakspere  Inn,  Manchester,  touching  the  death  of  a  female  child,  unknown,  lying  at  the  burial-ground  of  the  Roman  Catholic  chapel,  Linsey-street.  Timothy  Nolan,  the  sexton  attached  to_  the  chapel,  stated  that  on  the  previous  Monday  evening,  about  five  o'clock,  two  men  came  with  the  coffin  shown  to  the  jury,  with  the  body  of  the  deceased  child  in inside,  side, inside,  and  laid  it  down  in  the  chapel  with  a  number  of  other  coffins,  and  then  the  burial  service  went  on.  The  two  men  brought  the  coffin  out  again,  and  a  woman  followed.  As  they  gave  no  registrar's  note,  he  stopped  them,  and  said  that  the  child  would  not  be  buried  without  a  registrar's  note,  and  the  payment  of  the  dues.  They  replied,  &#34;You'll  get  none  and  will  go  and  see  the  When  witness  returned  into  the  chapel  he  found  the  coffin  there  but  saw  no  more  of  the  people,  and  had  neither  seen  nor  heard  of  them  since.  He  made  inquiry  and  found  that  they  had  not  spoken  to  the  priest.  He  gave  information  of  the  circumstances  to  the  police.  The  men  who  brought  the  coffin  were  Irish  and  rough-looking.  It  was  a  workhouse  coffin,  and  there  was  no  clothing  on  the  corpse  except  a  bit  of  check  print.  Mr.  Henson,  surgeon,  stated  that  he  had  examined  the  child's  body  and  found  that  it  was  healthy  in  all  parts  except  the  head,  and  that  it  had  a  scalp  disease  which  had  apparently  produced  congestion  of  the  brain.  The  disease  in  question  was  generally  caused  by  filth  and  neglect  of  washing  the  body,  and  that  appeared  to  be  the  cause  in  this  case.  Verdict  of  the  scalp,  aggravated  by  .  -  DEATH  OF  A  WOMAN  FROM  TR&amp;  ADMINISTRATION  OF  POISON  —An  inquest  was  held  on  Friday  evening  at  the  Shakspere  inn,  Manchester,  touching  the  death  of  Mary  Brannan,  (wife  of  James  Brannan,  Kildare,  Ireland)  aged  52  years.  Mrs.  Bright,  wife  of  a  painter  living  in  Wainwright Wainwrightstreet,  street, Wainwrightstreet,  stated  that  the  deceased,  her  mother,  had  been  living  with  them  about  five  years.  She  drooped  on  Sunday,  but  complained  of  nothing  except  cold.  On  Thursday  she  said  she  was  a  deal  better,  and  at  12  o'clock  witness  left  her;  she  returned,  want  into  the  room,  and  asked  her  if  she  wanted  anything  ;  she  said  not,  and  next  morning  witness  went  in,  and  found  her  just  drawing  her  last  breath.  Deceased  was  in  a  club.  The  husband  of  the  witness  stated  that  on  Thursday  he  called  at  Mr.  Race,  the  druggist's,  and  told  him  that  she  was  poorly  with  a  cold  and  cough.  The  young  man  in  the  shop  said  that  a  mixture  of  ether  and  paregoric  would  be  good  for  the  cough,  and  witness  gave  her  a  tea teaspoon  spoon teaspoon  full.  She  had  no  more.  James  Brannan,  son  of  the  deceased,  stated  that  he  put  his  mother  into  a  club  about  three  years  ago.  She  objected  very  much  to  be  in  a  club,  and  said  she  would  not  take  anything  out  of  their  hands.  She  had  asked  him  to  taste  things  which  he  had  F  iven  her,  and  said  she  did  not  like  her  .daughter  and  son sonin-law.  in-law. sonin-law.  ler  motive  for  asking  him  to  taste  the  things  must  have  been  to  see  that  there  was  no  poison  in  them  Joseph  Hopwood,  apprentice  to  Mr.  Race,  stated  that  about  twelve  o'clock  the  previous  day  the  male  witness,  Brannan,  called  and  said  that  he  had  an  old  woman  at  his  house  who  was  very  poorly  and  had  a  bad  cold.  Another  young  man  in  the  shop  said  he  must  send,  and  that  he  would  mix  him  something  for  the  old  woman.  A  boy,  about  ten  years  old,  came  about  half-past  six  at  night.  The  other  young  man  to'd  witness  to  mix  two  drachms  of  laudanum  and  a  drachm  of  ether,  which  he  did,  in  the  bottle  produced.  He  put  no  label  on,  and  told  the  boy  to  give  her  half  a  spoonful  in  cold  water  every  two  or  three  hours.  The  other  young  man  had  served  his  time,  but  witness  had  been  there  only  about  ten  weeks.  It  appeared  to  him  that  about  one  drachm  out  of  the  three  was  gone,  and  it  would  contain  40  drops  of  laudanum,  besides  the  ether.  We  knew  that  such  a  quantity  would  be  a  dangerous  dose  for  a  person  in  weak  health.  Mr.  Race  had  told  witness  always  to  put  labels  on  medicine.  Died  from  the  effects  of  narcotic  poison,  administered  by"
