text
"IRELAND  [FROM  01111.  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  DUBLIN,  TiIkSDAY,  .  CLONMEL  EtEdTlON.—Owing  to  an  informality  in  the  speaker's  warrant,  the  writ  for  this  election,  which  was  to  have  been  forwarded  on  Friday  last,  has  not  yet  been  transmitted  from  th  Hanaper  Office.  The  writ  is  expected  to  be  ready  for  trans transmission  mission transmission  this  day  or  to-morrow,  but  in  consequence  of  this  delay  the  election  can  scarcely  take  place  before  next  week.  PRIEST  AGAINST  PARSON.—Rather  a  curious  action  was  commenced  in  the  Common  Pleas  yeterday.  The  plaintiff  is  a  Roman  Catholic  priest,  the  defendant  a  Presbyterian  clergyman,  and  the  cause  of  action  was  an  assault  committed  by  the  latter  on  the  former.  The  circumstances  were,  that  on  the  12th  of  July  last  the  plaintiff,  whOse  name  is  Foy,  was  going  out  to  shoot  in  company  with  a  man  named  Hall,  when,  on  his  way,  he  shot  some  small  birds,  close  to  the  defendant's,  the  Rev.  Mr.  M'Collum's  house.  On  this  the  latter  came  out,  and,  after  some  altercation,  he  opened  the  priest's  eyebrow  with  the  cut  of  a  stick.  A  scuffle  then  took  place,  which  was  only  interrupted  by  the  interference  of  Hall.  The  defence  was,  that  M'Collum  had  received  a  great  amount  of  provo  cation—that  Foy,  who  had  always  been  an  enemy  of  his,  had  tired  the  shots  near  his  house  purposely  —that  the  bird  shot  (a  yellow-hammer)  had  fallen  within  two  yards  of  a  servant  girl  who  was  standing  at  his  hall-door  at  the  time,—and  that  when  he  remonserated  with  the  plaintiff,  the  latter  used  the  most  opprobrious  language,  and  directed  M'Collum's  inquiries  to  an  indelicate  part  of  his  person.  The  case  had  not  concluded  when  the  court  rose.  .  .  vv STYLE=superscript  RYAN  V.  KELLY.—In  this  case  the  jury  yesterday  found  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  in  the  full  amount  claimed—namely,  £5OO.  THE  DARGAN  INSTITUTE.—You  may  recollect  that,  from  the  commencement,  your  correspondent  anti anticipated  cipated anticipated  that  the  project  of  founding  an  industrial  college  in  commemoration  of  Mr.  Dargan,  would  prove  a  failure.  How  far  he  has  been  correct,  will  nppoar  from  the  following  notice  of  motion.  which  has  been  given  by  Lord  Talbot  de  Malahide,  in  the  Dargan  memorial  committee  :  As  it  appears  to  this  c-,mmittee  that  provision  is  already  made  through  the  medium  of  the  several  schools,  colleges,  and  other  public  institutions  already  in  existence  for  pro promoting  moting promoting  industrial  education,  so  far  as  the  same  can  be  done  by  providing  teachers  and  professors,  but  that  a  public  gal gallery  lery gallery  for  the  exhibition  of  the  works  of  art  and  industry  is  still  much  required  in  Ireland,  and,  if  established,  would  tend  to  improve  the  public  taste,  as  well  as  to  advance  these  numerous  branches  of  manufacture  in  which  beauty  and  originality  of  design  are  requisite.  Resolved—That  it  is  the  opinion  of  this  committee  that  the  best  way  of  applying  the  funds  placed  at  its  disposal,  and  the  most  suitable  mode,  under  all  the  circumstances,  of  com commemorating  memorating commemorating  the  Great  Exhibition  of  1853,  and  its  generous  and  patriotic  founder,  Mr.  Dargan,  will  be  by  erectinc  , STYLE=superscript  a  suit suitable  able suitable  building  for  the  exhibition  of  works  of  art  and  industry,  to  be  called  the  Dugan  Institute.'&#34;  A  full  meeting  is  called  for  Monday,  to  consider  the  matter.  BANK  OF  IRELAND—A  dividend  of  4  per  cent.,  free  of  income  tax,  has  been  declared  on  Bank  Stock,  at  the  meeting  held  yesterday,  leaving  £ll,OOO  to  be  added  to  the  rest  fund.  The  election  of  Mr.  Spaight,  as  mayor  of  Limerick,  has  been  pronounced  informal,  and  Alderman  Watson  (proprietor  of  the  Limerick  Chronicle)  has  been  declared  duly  elected.  DEEP  SEA  FIsaING  COMPANY.—The  Cork  Con Constitution  stitution Constitution  says  English  capital  has  at  length  been  induced  to  further  this  undertaking  ;  and  within  the  last  week  Mr.  Howard,  of  Essex,  and  Mr.  Dillon  Croker  have  been  inspecting  the  entire  southern  coast  from  Kinsale  to  Crookhaven,  Bantry,  and  Berehaven.  On  their  return  to  Lon London,  don, London,  they  will  make  their  report  to  the  committee.  Mr.  J.  E.  Saurriers,  the  eminent  fish  factor,  Bil Billingsgate,  lingsgate, Billingsgate,  will  be  the  sole  English  agent.  Mr.  Howard,  who  hag  fur  over  twenty  years  been  en engaged  gaged engaged  in  fishing  in  the  North  Seas,  and  has  £20,000  embarked  i  the  trade.  iQ  akc  c  a  o  s  m  u  ;r  a  t  n  e  es  h  t  e  o  r  e  ,thaen  amount  m  h  a  o  s  u  f  i  t  t  k  e  o  n  i.  £lO,OOO.  Mr.  Croker  is  to  have  the  superintend superintendiesin  iesin superintendiesin  managementth  e  nf STYLE=superscript  ne  +h STYLE=superscript  w  o STYLE=superscript  superintend superintendence.  ence. superintendence.  It  is  believed  that  the  committee  will  make  Kinsale  the  chief  port  for  conveyanc'  of  fish,  on  account  of  its  contiguity  to  the  Bandon  Railway,  and  its  convenience  for  conveying  fish  to  Cork,  Limerick,  Dublin,  Liverpool,  and  Milford.  A  large  and  influential  meeting  was  held  in  Newry  yesterday,  for  the  purpose  of  providing  for  the  improvement  of  Carlingford  bay.  The  Mar Marquis  quis Marquis  of  Downshire,  and  many  of  the  northern  proprietors  and  members  of  parliament  were  present.  THE  MISSIONARY  MOVEMENT.  Whatever  good  this  movement  may  do  in  the  may  of  religion,  it  is  quite  certain  that  its  disciples  have  not  the  quietest  path,  in  the  world  to  travel.  In  the  classic  region  of  Kilkenny,  they  appear  to  be  peculiarly  unfortunate.  Between  altar  denuncia denunciations  tions denunciations  and  the  mere  physical  displays  of  the  populace,  their  endurance  is  wonderful,  and  the  last  account  of  their  misfortunes  does  positively  give  them  some  claim  to  that  semi-martyrdom  so  much  desired.  It  appears  that  there  is  in  Graigue,  a  suburb  of  Kil Kilkenny,  kenny, Kilkenny,  a  parish  priest  named  Doyle,  who  if  we  may  credit  the  evangelical  journal  on  Sunday  week  last  denounced  Tresham  Gregg's  in  the  most  emphatic  language.  The  effect  of  the  rev  gentle gentlemen's  men's gentlemen's  eloquence  showed  itself  on  the  following  Wednesday,  when  two  scripture  readers  were  assaulted  by  a  mob,  and  on  one  of  their  number  being  arrested,  a  riot  took  place,  which  was  very  nearly  productive  of  most  serious  consequences.  The  police  were  obliged  to  load  with  ball,  and  to  send  for  re-inforcements,  the  ruffianly  mob,  all  the  while  flinging  stones,  and  crying  out  for  the  lives  of  the  scripture  readers.  It  was  not  until  the  latter  were  safely  enconsed  in  the  barracks  for  five  hours  that  the  riot  ceased.  Two  children  were  smothered  by  a  fire  which  broke  out.  in  a  house  in  Moss-street,  yesterday  evening.  The  flames  were  subsequently  extin extinguished,  guished, extinguished,  without  further  destruction.  SPLIT  AMONG  THE  BISHOPS.—In  consequence  of  the  Rev.  Mr.  Williams,  of  St.  Columba's  College.  Meath,  having  signed  the  memorial  against  Bishop  Gobat,  the  Lord  Primate  has  withdrawn  his  coun countenance  tenance countenance  from  tleat  institution.  His  grace  had  at  various  times  expended  sums  to  the  amount  of  £7,000  in  the  college  which  educates  young  gen gentlemen  tlemen gentlemen  for  the  foreign  missions.  The  widow  and  children  of  the  late  Mr.  Jelly,  who  was  killed  at.  Straffan  have  received  £4,500  com-  pensation  from  the  railway  company.  There  have  been  several  additional  deaths  from  cholera  in  Cork.  At  the  10.4-  place,  at  which  upwards  of  twenty  persons  were  more  or  less  injured.  LORD  CAMPBELL  IN  GALWAY--Every  body  recol recollects  lects recollects  the  crow  of  delight  with  which  the  Lord  Chief  Justice  of  England  was  received  some  time  ago  on  his  Connaught  estates.  It  appears,  however,  by  the  statement  of  a  local  paper,  that  his  lordship  is  not  the  man  for  after  all.  In  autumn  last,  Lord  Campbell  feted  his  tenantry  in  Galway,  and  elicited  their  loudest  cheers  by  stating  that  he  would  have  all  his  lands  valued,  and  charge  his  rents  accordingly.  .If  the  rents  then  paid  were  over  the  value  he  would  reduce  them,  if  under  the  value  he  would  raise  them.  Now,  it  so  happens  that  in  many  instances  they  have  been  raised,  and  Lord  Campbell's  praises  no  more  resound  over  the  hills  of  G  alway.  STRONG  LANGUAGE.—In  the  last  number  of  the  Tablet,  Mr.  Lucas  writes,  in  propria  persona,  that  every  priest  who  uses  his  influence  in  support  of  the  present  government  is  a  destroyer  of  the  souls  of  the  poor,  and  answerable  for  the  consequences  here  and  THE  IRISH  MAGISTRACY.—The  Irish  magistracy  have  just  had  a  lecture  from  the  Irish  Chancellor.  Two  gentlemen  in  the  commission  of  the  peace  in  Meath  had  been  operating  in  this  way.  A  hum humble  ble humble  man  in  their  jurisdiction  had  become  the  pur purchaser  chaser purchaser  of  a  piece  of  land  and  he  had  a  powerful  neighbour,  Lady  Rich.  The  lady,  or  somebody  her,  laid  claim  to  a  portion  of  land,  the  humbl  e  man  supposed  to  be  his.  An  act  of  ownership  was  exercised  upon  it  which  he  opposed,  and  was  summoned  before  the  magistrates.  Now  this  was  a  case  of  disputed  title,'  and  therefore  they  had  no  right  to  interfere.  But  then  they  did  interfere  and  fined  the  poor  man.  Again  he  resisted  a  simi similar  lar similar  act  and  was  met  by  another  charge  and  a  quadrupled  fine.  He  has  appealed  to  the  chan chancellor  cellor chancellor  to  stop  this  method  of  proceeding,  and  the  answer  of  the  magistrates'  counsel  was  that  he  had  no  jurisdiction.  The  lord  chancellor  upon  this  observed,  I  certainly  have  power  to  issue  my  writ  of  prohibition,  and  that  I  shall  do  ;  and  more,  I  am  determined,  and  at  once,  to  put  a  stop  to  a  practice  so  frequent  throughout  the  country,  of  magistrates"
