text
"COUNTY  COURT.  -  ---YESTERDAY  ----_ESTERDAY  The  court  sat  at  the  usual  hour,  ten  o'clock,  this  morning.  A  •  WIFE'S  IRRESPONSIBILITY—LANE  V.  DICKERSON.—  Mr.  Hime  appeared  for  the  defendant.  In  this  case  the  plaintiff,  Mrs.  Lane,  sought  to  recover  of  the  defendant,  a  labourer,  the  sum  of  £2  3s.  Od.,  which  amount  she  had  •advanced.  The  plaintiff  stated  about  the  month  of  Sept.,  1852,  the  defendant's  wife  requested  her  to  cash  a  shipping  note  for  a  young  man,  a  sailor,  named  Hornby,  at  that  time  representing  herself  as  his  sister.  She  did  cash  the  note,  at  the  time  being  promised  £2  7s.  6d.,  and  the  defendant's  wife,  in  her  presence,  requested  a  young  woman•  to  sign  an  agreement  at  the  back  of  the  note  to  the  effect,  that  she  would  pay  the  amount.  The  ship  went  out,  returned  within  nine  days,  and  when  it  again  went  to  sea,  the  young  man  refused  to  accompany  it.  She  had  applied  to  the  defendant  for  payment,  at  which  his  wife  was  very  angry,  and  he  told  her,  he  had  no  objection  to  pay  the  money  at  ls.  6d.  or  2s.  per  week,  but  she  must  come  again  when  his  wife  was  in  a  better  humour.  A  young  woman  signed  the  note  because  she  believed  the  defendant's  wife  could  not  write,  Defendant  (ingignan.tly),  I  can  write  madame,  ,  His  Honor  (addressing  defendant)  :  Now,  let  me  give  you  a  caution,  and  through  you,  the  rest  of  th  e  women  w  h  o  attend  this  court.  I  will  have  no  misconduct  here.  You  shall  not  disgrace  yourselves  in  this  court  if  I  can  prevent  it.  If  you  have  no  respect  for  yourself—you  shall  respect  this  court.  Mr.  Rime,  for  the  defence,  argued,  that  as  the  defendant  had  not  given  his  wife  any  authority  to  sign  the  note,  he  was  not  liable.  The  defendant's  wife  was  called.—She  stated  she  was  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  ignorant  of  the  responsibility  she  had  incurred  ;  nor  did  she  know  that  her  name  was  signed  to  the  note.  The  young  woman  who  went  with  her  to  the  plaintiff's  house,  was  uster  to  the  sailor.  His  Honor  :  I  do  not  believe  one  word•  of  your  evidence.  You  stated  you  asked  the  plaintiff  to  cash  the  note  ;  but  yet,  you  want  to  make  the  court  believe  that  you  did  not  know  that  you  were  responsible  for  the  payment.  The  young  woman,  who  accompanied  the  defendant,  was  called,  but  no  questions  were  asked  of  her,  at  his  Honor's  req_yst,_  Honor,  addressing  the  plaintiff  said,  the  difficulty  for  her  to  get  over  was,  could  she  produce  any  evidence  to  prove  that  the  defendant  had  given  his  o  ife  any  authority  to  sign  the  note.  The  Plaintiff  said  she  could  not.  His  Honor  ;  The  plaintiff  must  in  this  case  be  non nonsuited,  suited, nonsuited,  but  he  was  not  certain  that  an  action  would  not  lie  against  the  owners  of  the  vessel,  seeing  that  the  vessel  did  go  to  sea.  A  DRUNKEN  CHAIRWOMAN.—GUNTER  V.  PARKE.—In  this  action,  the  plaintiff,  an  Irishwoman,  sought  to  recover  of  the  plaintiff  the  sum  of  9s.  for  services  rendered,  being  at  the  rate  of  ls.  per  day.  In  answer  to  this  demand  the  defendant  alleged  that  the  plaintiff  had  never  been  engaged  by  the  day,  but  had  consented  to  do  the  house  work  at  2s.  6d.  per  week,  and  that  amount  he  had  paid  her.  She  left  his  service  in  consequence  of  getting  drunk—most  beastly  drunk,  when  she  went  out,  and  was  committed  by  the  magistrates  for  three  days  for  so  doing.  His  Honor,  asked  the  plaintiff  if  the  allegation  was  true.  Defendant—Your  Honor,  I  did  take  a  glass  of  whiskey,  but  I  was  not  so  very  drunk,  although  I  was  drunk.  His  Honor  :  Go  away  with  you.  If  a  person  gets  drunk  and  neglects  the  duties  they  have  to  perform,  and  gets  com committed  mitted committed  by  a  magistrate,  they  are  not  deserving  wages.  •  FAMILY  DIFFERENCES.—CATTERILL  V.  RUDLEY.—In  this  action,  the  plaintiff  sought  to  recover  of  the  defendant,  a  near  relative,  wages  for  seventeen  weeks,  at  the  rate  of  10s.  per  week,  for  services  performed.  The  plaintiff  alleged  that  in  the  course  of  the  year  1852,  George  Rudley,  a  publican,  since  deceased,  had  sent  for  him,  and,  upon  his  going  to  the  house,  he  (defendant)  found  him  very  ill,  so  much  so  that  he  was  not  able  to  attend  to  the  business,  nor  his  wife,  or  his  bar-maid.  George  ,Rudley  asked  him  to  take  the  charge  of  conducting  the  business,  to  which  he  assented,  and  told  him  that  he  was  to  make  his  own  charge  'for  his  services.  He  continued  in  the  house  for  seventeen  weeks,  in  the  course  of  which  time  George  Rudley  died,  and  the  defendant,  as  his  executor,  had  the  licence  transferred,  and  then  turned  the  widow,  who  was  also  since  deceased,  out  of  the  premises,  she,  at  that  time,  being  in  a  state  of  ill-health.  The  services  he  rendered  were  keeping  a  check  upon  the  servants  in  the  house,  of  which  there  were  seven,  and  seeing  that  all  was  paid,  and  that  nothing  was  destroyed  or  wasted.  The  plaintiff  was  related  to  Mrs.  G.  Rudley,  while  the  defendant  was  related  to  Mr.  George  Rud Rudley,  ley, Rudley,  to  whom  he  had  left  his  property,  but  Mrs.  Rudley,  on  her  death,  left  some  .  property  to  his  family.  For  the  defence  it  was  argued  that  the  plaintiff  and  his  family  had  been  hangers-on  upon  the  deceased's  establishment,  at  which  the  former  used  generally  to  smoke  his  pipe,  and  take  his  grog,  and  that  any  trifling  services  he  might  have  rendered  to  the  deceased  was  amply  repaid  by  the  refreshments  which  he  partook  of  generally  most  freely.  This  defence  evidently  much  annoyed  the  plaintiff,  and  it  was  elicited  that  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  was  far  from  a  temperate  man,  which  caused  hi  m  t  o  retailaw  by  urn,mi.-  6  4,3..4  —a  also  most  intemperate  persons.  His  Honor,  considered  that  the  plaintiff  was  entitled  to  some  remuneration  for  the  §ervices  performed,  during  the  illness  of  the  deceased,  but  it  was  quite  clear  he  had  no  demand  upon  the  estate  after  the  decease  of  Geo.  Rudley.  The  Court  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  for  four  weeks  salary  at  10s.  per  week.  UNMANLY  ASSAULT  UPON  A  NURSP  MAID.—CLAY  v.  HONEYBIRD.—In  this  case,  the  plaintiff,  a  respectable-look respectable-looking  ing respectable-looking  young  female;  claimed  the  sum  of  £2  10s.,  for  three  months'  salary  as  wet  nurse,  according  to  a  verbal  agree agreement  ment agreement  made  for  nine  months  with  the  defendant's  wife.  Mr.  Hime  appeared  for  the  defendant,  a  publican,  living  in  Myrtle-street.  The  plaintiff,  whose  irritability  frequently  displayed  itself  during  the  case,  stated  that  she  had  been  discharged  from  her  employ  without  the  least  notice,  and  for  no  other  cause  than  that  she  requested  to  go  and  see  her  baby,  and  upon  being  refused  permission,  she  went  without  leave.  On  her  return  at  eight  o'clock  in  the  evening,  the  door  was  closed  against  her.  She  waited  about  until  late  at  night,  when  she  went  in  at  the  front  door;  upon  which  the  defendant  rushed  after  her,  seized  her  by  the  arm,  pushed  her  down,  and  turned  her  out  of  the  house.  She  had  no  place  to  hide  her  head,  and  walked  about  until  early  the  following  morning.  For  the  defence  it  was  urged,  that  the  plaintiff  was  not  entitled  to  receive  any  salary,  she  having  misconducted  herself  by  leaving  the  house  after  being  in informed  formed informed  that  she  was  not  so  to  do.  His  Honor  concurred  in  the  defendant's  view  of  the  case,  but  gave  his  permission  to  enter  a  plaint  for  an  assault.  The  plaintiff  proved  the  assault  committed  upon  her  by  the  defendant  on  the  night  in  question,  when  he  turned  her  out  of  the  house.  Mr.  Hime  admitted  the  assault,  which  he  could  not  justify,  although  doubtlessly  the  plaintiff  had  been  guilty  of  great  indiscretion.  His  Honor  considered  the  assault  most  un unjustifiable,  justifiable, unjustifiable,  and  that  the  defendant  had  been  guilty  of  a  most  unmanly  act,  in  assaultin  g  th  e  p  l  a  i  n  tiff  ,  an  d  turn  i  ng  o  ne  so  young  into  the  street.  Verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  damages  20s.  IMPORTANT  TO  TRADESMEN.-LIABILITY  OF  AN  OMNIBUS  CONDUCTOR,  Ellis  v.  Bughes.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  the  plaintiff,  Mr.  John  Ellis,  tailor,  North  John-street,to  recover  of  the  defendant,  Mr.  Hughes,  the  conductor  of  an  omnibus,  plying  betiveen STYLE=superscript  Liverpool  and  Aigburth,  the  sum  of  £8  the  value  of  a  parcel  entrusted  to  him  to  deliver  at  the  Aigburth  Hotel.  Mr.  Hime  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Grocott  conducted  the  ,  case  for  the  defendant.  Mr.  Hime  in  opening  the  case  for  the  plaintiff  said,  the  present  was  an  action  of  great  importance  to  the  tradesmen  of  the  town,  it  was  an  action  to  recover  the  value  of  a  parcel  sent  by  the  plaintiff  to  the  Aigburth  Hotel,  to  a  gentleman  by  the  name  of  Edward  Von  Euck,  to  be  left  there  until  called  for.  On  the  19th  of  August,  the  plaintiff  sent,  by  a  lad,  a  parcel,  which  parcel  was  delivered  into  the  defendant's  hands,  the  boy  giving  him  6d.  for  the  carriage,  which  was  more  than  the  amount  usually  charged.  As  the  parcel  did  not  arrive  at  its  destination,  the  plaintiff  made  inquiries  of  Mr.  Hughes  to  know  what  had  become  of  it,  and  finding  that  he  did  not  annear  to  knew  an  in  about  it,  the  nyesent  was  commenced.  lie  (Mr.  Rime)  had  several  counts  to  go  upon,  but  he  did  not  know  which  he  should  elect,  until  the  evidence  was  before  the  court.  He  then  called  the  plaintiff,  Mr.  Ellis,  who  deposed  to  sending  a  parcel  by  the  lad,  directed  Edward  Von  Euch,  Esq.,  to  be  left  at  the  Aig Aigburth  burth Aigburth  Hotel  until  called  The  parcel  nut  arriving  there,  he  had  a  communication  with  the  defendant,  whom  he  had  known  as  the  conductor  of  the  omnibus..  In  his  cross-ex cross-examination  amination cross-examination  by  Mr.  Grocott,  he  stated  'he  the  plain.  tiff  was  the  conductor  of  the  omnibus.  The  name  of  Philips  was  on  the  omnibus  as  owner.  The  contents  of  the  parcel  had  not  been  paid  for.  The  lad,  Robert  Shaw,  deposed  to  giving  the  parcel  into  the  hands  of  the  defendant,  and  paying  him  6d.  for  the  carriage.  Mr;llime  said  that  that  was  the  case  for  the  plaintiff.  Mr.  Grocott  replied  that  he  did  not  see  that  there  was  any  case.  Honor  wished  to  know  which  count  Mr.  Hime  would  elect.  Mr.  Hime  :  That  of  trover.  A  short  conversation  took  place  between  his  Honor  and  Mr.  Hime,  the  latter  contending  that  the  mis-delivery  of  a  parcel,  although  the  defendant  was  not  a  carrier,  would  make  him  responsible.  His  Honor  thought,  that  as  the  defendant  was  only  a  servant  to  the  proprietor,  an  action  would  lay  against  the  owner  of  the  omnibus.  Mr.  Hime  called  the  defendant,  who  stated  he  was  formerly  the  owner  of  the  omnibusses,  but  that  they  now  belonged  to  his  brother.  in-law,  Mr.  Philips,  and  that  he  was  only  conductor,  re receiving  ceiving receiving  30s.  per  week  as  his  salary.  They  did  not  care  about  carrying  parcels,  when  they  did  take  any,  he  and  the  driver  divided  the  money.  Mr.  Rime  said  he  had  proved  sufficient  to  make  the  defendant  responsible,  as  he  had  ad admitted  mitted admitted  that  he  took  the  money  for  the  parcel.  Mr.  Gar Garcott  cott Garcott  assented,  and  his  Honor  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plain plaintiff.  tiff. plaintiff.  Damage  £B,  to  be  paid  in  four  monthly  instalments.  Several  other  cases  were  disposed  of  f  bat  none  possessed  imy  public  interest.  The  Court  adjourned.  Last  evening,  a  well-known  thief  was  stopped  by  Police  Constable  288,  Squires,  coming  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  and  there  were  seven  silk  pocket pockethandkerchiefs  handkerchiefs pockethandkerchiefs  found  in  his  possession.  Two  of  the  handkerchiefs  were  marked  ;  one  with  the  letters  F.  W.,  and  the  other  with  the  name  Edward  Nor Norris,  ris, Norris,  G.  N."
