text
"the  first  day  of  the  week.  It  was  the  day,  which  on  each  return  of  the  day,  the  primitive  Christians  devoted  in  an  especial  manner  to  the  worship  of  their  risen  Lord.  On  that  day  a  new  creation  had  been  introduced.  The  risen  body  of  Jesus  was  (that  new  creation  ;  in  its  germ  the  first  fruits,  and  sure  promise  of  the  harvest  to  follow.  The  erder  of  things  was  reversed.  The  established  order  of  God,  or  as  men  speak  of  natur  e  in  the  case  of  the  human  body,  from  the  beginning  of  the  world  h  a  d  b  een  life,  death,  and  after  death,  corruption.  But  here  was  a  new  th  i  ng.  L  i  fe,  d  ea  th  ,  an  d  a  f  ter  d  ea  th  no  corruption  •  but  a  re  surrec  tion  of  inter  r  uption  and  immor immorof  of immorof  m  ta STYLE=superscript  c  ii STYLE=superscript  ,  i  t STYLE=superscript  Y:  This  Was  a  gr  ea  t  thin  g  ;  a  g  l  o  ri  ou  s  thing;  a  fact  full  ?fright  and  blessed  hope  to  man  as  man—not  a  disembeelred  t STYLE=superscript  ;  but  man  b  ot  h  b  o  d  y  an  d  soul.  This  was  a  life-givingact  proclaimed  by  the  Apostles.  Wherever  they  went  with  great  power  gave  the  witness  of  the  resurrection  of  the  Lord  Jesu  s  .  And  the  habitual  salutation  of  the  believers  of  this  E  fatt STYLE=superscript  when  they  met  with  one  another  i  n  t  h  e  morn  i  ng  o  f  this  we  -4  'day  of  th  e  wee  k  was,  He  is  risen  !  H  e  is  risen  Th  ey  already  act  uaint  .d  with  the  loving  commandment  of  their  G  o  d  ,  which  '  reecued  every  seventh  day  front  the  sentence  aof  labour  pronounced  against  the  fallen  race.  the  sweat  4,,shy  brow  shalt  thou  eat  thy  bread  this  was  the  sentence.  days  sh  a  lt  t  h  ou  labour,  the  seventh  is  for  rest  ,  this  was  the  loving  limitation  of  the  sentence.  They  were  acquainted  With  the  reason  assigned  in  their  inspired  scriptures  for  his  rest,  namely,  t  h  at  on  the  seventh  day  God  ended  his  work  'which  he  had  made,  and  heir  es  t  e  d  on  th  e  seve  n  th  d  a  y  from  all  his  work  which  he  had  made,  and  God  blessed  the  seve  th  day  and  sanctified  it,  because  that  in  it  he  had  rested  from  his  iwork  which  God  created  and  made.  They  had  probably  never  nquired  why  God  w  as  pl  ease  d  to  occupy  six  portions  of  time  I STYLE=superscript  .m.  the  work  o  f  creation,  or  why  he  was  pleased  to  represent  tunself  as  resting  on  the  seventh  portion.  They  were  influ influenced  enced influenced  by  revealed  facts.  Doubtless,  he  who  said,  there  d  ea  light,  be  so  th  at  light  was  in  a  moment,  might  as  easily  have  ,  n  Let  there  be  a  perfect  creation  iti  all  parts  in  a  (Rmoment  and  in  a  moment  all  would  have  been  perfect.  ear,  hear.)  B  ut  in  point  of  fact  he  adopted  another  and  quite  a  different  method.  He  chose  to  mark  out  several  distinct  measures  of  time,  each  consisting  of  an  evening  and  a  morning,  and  to  divide  the  work  of  creation  into  a  number  of  compartments,  assigning  one  to  each  of  those  measures  of  time.  W STYLE=superscript  hy  lie  fixed  upon  six  of  these  periods  for  the  accomplishment  of  hie  work  rather  than  four,  or  five,  or  ten,  or  twenty,  he  did  ;not  seelt  right  to  explain.  But  he  did  distinctly  declare  that  bin STYLE=superscript  Bl STYLE=superscript  m  days  he  made  heaven  and  earth,  the  sea  and  all  that  sn  tiler'  s  is,  and  rested  on  the  seventh  and  that  on  that  eccount  T6 STYLE=superscript  he  had  '.blessed  the  seventh  day  and  hallowed  this STYLE=superscript  may  be  well  applied  what  St.  Paul  says  on  another  that'  after  quoting  the  weds  thou  shalt  not  muzzle  the  ,  ox  t  treadeth  out  the  be  says,  doth  God  take  care  'or  Zip,o  or  is  thi  s  wr  itt  en  a  lt  oge  th  er  f  or  our  sa  k  es  F  or  Int  sakes,  no  doubt,  this  is  written.  So  may  we  say.  does  take  care  for  rest?  Can  the  Most  High  be  weary  ?  Or  Is  this  written  for  our  sakes?  For  our  sakes,  no  doubt,  this  s STYLE=superscript  penie  of  creation  was  adopted  and  revealed.  (Applause.)  ~,,...l  t° STYLE=superscript  from  the  beginning,  man's  time  was  reckoned  in  seven  hads  God's  time  in  the  creation  of  man  and  man's  Worldbeen,  six  working  portions  and  one  resting  portion.  resting  portion  was  allotted  to  the  creature,  for  the  la,l  espe espeservice  service espeservice STYLE=superscript  of  G  o  d.  I  n  t  h  e  early  history  of  man,  previous  to  e STYLE=superscript  itittoduction  o  f  t  h  e  pecu  li  ar  i  t  i  es  of  J  udaism,  we  have  significant  i  n  ti  mations  of  the  observance  of  this  portion  of  his  time.  As  th  e  resolution  before  us  expresses  it,  it  obtained  sie.ntinct  rec  ogn  i  t  i  on  ;'  in  the  history  of  Noah  for  example.  ~  °  read  that  wh  en  h  e  sen  t  f  ort  h  a  d  ove  to  see  whether  t  h  e  Waters  were  abated  from  the  earth,  stayed  seven  days  a STYLE=superscript  nd  again  sent  forth  a  dove  out  of  the  ark,  and  he  stayed  yet  °t STYLE=superscript  ler  !seven  days  and  sent  forth  a  This  does  not  tell  t  ir STYLE=superscript  L  a STYLE=superscript  ah  ;  but  it  tells  this  much,  that  Noah  gave  special  notice  to  io  - STYLE=superscript  seventh STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  Y.  Still  more  explicit  in  the  history  of  the  at STYLE=superscript  of  the  Israelites  through  the'wilderuese,  before  they  reached  Mount  Sivai,  and  before  the  ceremonial  law  was  given,  We  read  this  recognition  of  the  Sabbath.  It  occurs  in  the  history  of  the  mann  a  ,  °t STYLE=superscript  act  and  this  is  the  thing  which  th  e  L  or  d  aotamanded--gather  it  every  man  accordi  n  g  t  o  hi  s  ea  ti  ng  ,  an  P454°12°.  '  for  ever  mao,  according  to  the  n  um  b  er  o  f  y  our  And  th  e  c  hild  ren  of  I  srael  did  so,  and  gathered  'Mlle  more,  some  less.  And  Moses  said,  let  no  man  leave  of  it  till  the  morning*  Notwithstanding,  they  hearkened  not  !Into  Moses;  but  some  of  them  left  of  it  till  the  morning,  and  It  bred  worms  and  stank.  And  it  Came  to  pass,  that  on  the  eiZtil  day  they  gat  h  ere  d  twice  as  much,  two  omers  for  one  Mast,  and  Moses  said,  this  is  that  which  the  Lord  bath  said,  to-Morrow  is  the  rest  of  the  holy  Sabbath,  bake  that  which  ye  will  bake  to-day,  and  seethe  that  ye  will  seethe,  and  that  Which  remaineth  over  lay  up  for  you  to  bo  kept  till  the  morn morning;  ing; morning;  and  they  laid  it  up  till  the  morning,  and  it  did  not  stink,  sieither  was  there  any  worm  therein.  And  Moses  said,  eat  that  to.day,  for  to-day  is  a  Sabbath  'unto  the  Lord  ;  to-day  ye  shall  not  find  it  in  the  field;  six  days  ye  shall  gather  it,  but,  on  the  seventh  day,  which  is  the  Sabbath,  in  it  there  shall  be  Let  it  be  carefully  noticed  that  this  was  pre-  vious  to  the  introduction  of  anything  peculiarly  Jewish.  This  is  enough  of  itself  to  show  the  essential  distinction  be between  tween between  the  seventh  day  commandment,  and  the  ceremonial  of  the  Jew,  whatever  place  this  commandment  may  have  after-  Wards  occupied  in  that  ceremonial.  (Applause.)  Bearine  all  this  in  mind,  I  p  rocee  d  now  to  enquire  in  what  connexion  .  174  .  divine  commandment  was  given  that  man  should  keep  JAZ  . STYLE=superscript  '  day  in  seven.  W  as  it  amongst  the  ceremonials  of  th  e  '  a STYLE=superscript  s  legal,  typi  ca  l,  and  temporary  ;  or  w  as  it  amongs  t  law,  ;  everlasting  arid  unchanging  requirements  of  the  moral  '  •  The  ans  wer  i  s  p  l  a  i  n  .  Th  e  sevent  h  d  ay  commandinerit  faa STYLE=superscript  nd  armin  g  th  e  or  di  na  n  ce  s  banscribed  from  a  pattern  in  the  mini STYLE=superscript  stration  of  Moses,  but,  as  our  resolution  affirms,  it  etu  seleranly  re-enacted  in  s  ee  .  se  -enacted  he  publication  of  the  moral  law.  4,  r  „..  sue  fou  r  th  among  ten  commandments  given  as  no  other  andmieesta  were  ever  given.  This  appears  specially  in  tee  Particulars.  First  :  All  the  details  of  the  Jewish  cere-  Zelda'  were  given  to  Moses,  and  by  him  communicated  to  now  ee STYLE=superscript  LP,  le STYLE=superscript  s  But  the  ten  commandments,  including  the  one  e,  — STYLE=superscript  '  t STYLE=superscript  °  were  spoken  to  the  whole  nation,  by  the  voice  of  God  himself.  This  appears  on  ti  a  face  of  the  history.  r  .  a  not  this  to  invest  Moses  with  a  degree  of  importance  .  e STYLE=superscript  .  4l  '  ti:e  to  the  c STYLE=superscript  eremonial  institutions,  which  was  denied  to  satllis  us)  .regarded  ee  ,  ,  the  moral  commandments  ?  And  was  not  42).07,  aenedvecadetae  moral  commandments  with  a  superiority  Pendent  ,  of,  Moses  ?  (Hear,  bear.)  Secondly  :  Kti  moral  cornmanements  alone  were  written—engraved  PaY  God  hinsself--by  a  direct  and  immediate  exercise  of  his  P  a STYLE=superscript  llor,  and  thus  secured  from  any  possible  mixture,  addition,  sitrunaentalty.  °ir  mutilation,  b  y  t  h  e  infirmity  of  a  human  in in(Bear,  (Bear, in(Bear,  hear.)  And  so  important  was  this,  :et  as  when  the  tables  wore  broken,  a  special  commandment  _  0,  given  to  prepare  new  tables,  and  again  the  same  sacred  w STYLE=superscript  44 STYLE=superscript  Were  ieseribe.d  by  the  finger  of  God.  Thirdly,  the  Ten  Commandmeata  alone  were  Put  into  the  ark,  and  deposited  in  :the_  most  holy  place.  This  fact  is  plain,  and  it  involves  a  ear  Rod  very  eignificant  separation  between  these  command commandents  ents commandents  and  the  ceremonial  institution  of  the  Jews.  The  full  force  of  this  cannot  be  appreciated  without  reference  to  the  type--the  ark  i  n  the.  moat  holy  place,  The  moral  law  within  it,  and  the  mercy  seat  upon  it,  was  the  type  ha  o  u  f  Christ.  Con Concerning  cerning Concerning  it  the  Lord  himself  h  a  d  said,  mercy  seat  above  upon  the  ark,  and  in  the  ar  shall  put  the  al  Pat  the  testimony,  that  is,  the  tablas  that  I  shall  g  i  ve  thee  t STYLE=superscript  and  there  I  will  meet  with  thee,  and  I  will  ocinainune  with!  thee  from  above  the  mercy  seat,  from  between  the  two  cheru cherubiees  biees cherubiees  which  are  upon  the  ark  of  the  Here,  in  a  figure,  and  by  representation,  was  Christ  risen  and  ascended  into  the  true  holy  place.  By  him  the  moral  law  was  kept,  in  the  letter  of  it  and  in  the  spirit  of  it  :  it  was  in  his  heart.  In  him  It  was  honoured  and  magnified.  In  him  God  is  well  pleated.  IfereY  and  truth,  like  cherubims  of  glory,  here  meet  together;  righteousness  and  peace  have  kissed  each  other.  The  loire,  the  everlastio  g  love  of  God,  flows  forth  in  blessed  harmony  With  his  untarnished  holiness.  He  is  just,  while  he  justifies  the  ungodly,  Perfectly  r  i  g  h  teous,  and  just,  and  true,  while  he  lovingly  and  freely  justifies  the  most  ungodly.  This  was  the  high  lesson  taught  by  the  ark,e—now  observe,  the  command-  Meets  enelosed  in  the  ark  were  of  such  a  nature  as  to  need  the  Mediation  of  Jesus  Christ  to  make  atonement  for  the  breach  of  them.  The  uncleanness  contracted  by  the  breach  of  the  eerettumial  law  might  be  removed  by  a  .ceremonial  sacrifice,  batithe  guilt  incurred  by  a  breach  of  the  moral  law  could  not  be  removed  except  by  the  sacrifice  of  the  Sun  of  God.  (Seer,  hear.)  This  stamps  the  eteroal  obligation  of  the  Moral  Law,  the  seventh  day  comMandment  included,  in  the  high  court  of  the  everlasting  and  unchanging  equity  of  Jehovah.  But  In  Opposition  to  all  this  it  is  asked,  where  is  the  morality  of  observing  every  seventh  day  more  than  every  sixth,  or  every  tenth,  day?  For  !the  other  commandments  of  the  moral  law-  We  can  see  a  reason.  It  commends  itself  to  sound  enlightened  reason,  that  we  should  worship  only  one  true  and  living  God;  and  that  we  should  worship  bins  in  spirit  and  in  .troth,  without  the  absurd  use  of  images;  also  that  we  should  not  profane  his  name  ;  also,  that  we  should  honour  our  parents,  and-avoid  all  manner  of  .  injury  to  our  neighbours,  in  their  life,  or  property,  or  purity.  These'com These'commandments  mandments These'commandments  commend  themselves  to  our  reasoo.  But  where  where  is,  or  can  b  e  is  the  rea  son  after  all  ,  s  the  morality  of  T  more  tha  n  th  e  Paying  s  peci  a  l  attention  to  the  seventh  day,  an  nixth?  Our  answer  is,  the  very  highest  saeea  of  morality  4 STYLE=superscript  submission  to  the  mind  and  absolute  sovereignty  of  God.  (Rear,  hear.)  Those  commandments  which  commend  them..  selves  to  the  dictates  of  sound  human  reason,  and  have  f  or  their  i  mme  di  a  t  e  obje  c  t  the  ad  v  antage  of  human  society,  m  ri  ay  he  complied  with,  without  any  reference  to  God.  The  of  man's  reason  may  be  flattered  ;  the  convenience  ience  of  fsociety,  and  the  secu  r  ity  of  property  may  be  consulted  ,  andt  hus  obe  client,  ,ay  t  „  se  nt,  without  any  direct  regard  to  God's  a STYLE=superscript  uthority.  On  the  other  hand,  a  command  which  makes  no  ePPeal  at  all  to  human  reason,  but  rests  entirely  on  the  law lawgiver,  giver, lawgiver,  -  River,  cannot  he  to  treated.  If  obeyed  at  all,  it  is  because  re  is  ecknowledged  ;  if  disobeyed,  it  is  because  he  is  disregarded.  o STYLE=superscript  uch  a  commandment  is  the  fourth.  I  do  not  indeed  deny,  out  that  it  may  be  shown  by  sound  reason STYLE=superscript  that  creatures  should  have  some  periodical  rest.  But  it  would  be  difficult  to  give  sufficient  and  reasonable  proof  that  that  rest  should  b STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  every  sevent  h  d  ay.  (A  pp  l  ause.  )  The  sanction  of  the  commandment  is  exclusively  the  divine  authority  %  a  sign  lt STYLE=superscript  to  was STYLE=superscript  °ll STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  his  account  that  thi  s  c  omman  dment  was  given  a  the  J  ew  i  sh  people  in  the  inspired  ministry  ef  the  prophets,  as  it  i  s  written,  Behold  I  have  given  you  my  Sabbaths.  to  ha  sig  n  b  e  t  ween  you  and  sue,  to  know  whether  ye  w  ill  serv  e  :  With  such  as  commandment  before  them,  so  doe  Went  and  so  sa  nc  ti  one  d,  w  h  a  t  were  t  h  e  pr  i  m  i  t  i  ve  Ch  r  i  s  ti  an  s  to  ''''&#34;?  They  w  ere  to  ren  d  er  l  ov  i  ng  obedience  to  t  h  e  comman  ds  silent  their  God,  which  sanctified  one  day  in  every  seven,  klrd STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  hey  were  to  honour  with  holy  joy  the  day  of  their  Lord  sa STYLE=superscript  d  Qa.viour's  tri  ump  h  aver  d  eat  h  .  Th  e  i  r  i  nsp  i  re  d  l  ea  d  ers  t STYLE=superscript  aught  them  how  to  do  this  ;  by  transferring  the  i STYLE=superscript  tem  the  seventh  thy  to  the  first  day  of  the  week.  The  seventh  b STYLE=superscript  een  4Poititai  because  of  cre  a  tion  finish  e  d,  an  d  spoke  of  i  felt  s  th  a  ..-e  '  .  in  WIS  400E1  booms°  of  OW  ;nation  corn!  iy.  n:  , STYLE=superscript  ~Y.t;  ~."
