text
"MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  ..--.---...--  LIVERPOOL,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING  ,  Share  25i  26}  Luxembourg,  82.  9u  s  country  A  telegraphic  despatch  from  Madrid  announces  that  the  Cortes  has  approved  finally  of  the  project  for  establishing  a  new  General  Society  of  Credit  and  Spanish  Capitalists'  Bank,  by  the  monied  classe's  of  Madrid,  who  looked  with  a  jealousy  upon  the  opening  of  a  branch  establishment  of  the  French  Credit  Mobilier  Bank  in  the  capital  of  Spain.  The  introduction  of  French  means  and  experience  in  conducting  public  undertakings,  seems  to  be  considered  most  beneficial  to  the  State  by  the  government;  and  they  give  every  facility  to  enterprising  capitalists  to  carryout  their  projects.  The  Madrid  Gazette  publishes  the  decree  which  concedes  the  constructing  of  the  Saragossa  line  of  railway  to  the  Grand  Central  Railway  Company  of  France.  The  batch  Government  have  published  their  custom's  receipts  for  the  past  year,  showing  that  there  is  a  steady  increase  in  the  principal  items,  and  that  the  commerce  of  the  Low  Countries  is  in  a  satisfactory  condition.  The  total  receipts  in  1855  was  59,233,073  florins,  against  58,223,184  fls.  in  1854.  In  the  items  coming  under  the  head  of  direct  imports,  the  increase  is  about  200,000  fls.,  by  sea  and  land,  although  in  the  former  there  is  a  small  decrease.  The  produce  of  the  excise  duties  amounts  to  1,300,000  fls.,  being  300,000  fls.  greater  than  the  amount  received  in  1854.  From  the  postal  service  there  has  also  been  an  increase  of  some  thousands  of  florins,  compared  with  the  returns  of  1854.  The  English  Stock  Market  to-day  was  remarkably  buoyant.  Prices  closed  at  the  highest  point  of  the  day,  and  per  cent.  higher  than  yesterday,  namely,  90_a  901  A  favourable  impression  has  been  produced  by  the  statement  that  the  Czar  has  transmitted  orders  to  his  generals  to  suspend  hostilities.  The  prospect  of  peace  now  afforded  is  exercising  material  influence  in  the  Stock  Ex Exchange.  change. Exchange.  Speculative  transactions  for  higher  prices  have  again  been  freely  prosecuted  to-day  in  several  departments  of  the  market.  At  the  same  time  there  is  a  decided  increase  in  the  demand  for  securities  on  the  part  of  the  public.  The  Discount  Market  maintains  a  rather  easier  appearance,  the  supply  of  money  being  good.  At  Paris  to-day  the  Bourse  sheaved  great  buoyancy,  a  rise  of  1  per  cent.  in  the  Three  per  Cent.  Rentes  was  finally  established.  The  arrival  of  the  Champion  of  the  Seas,  and  other  vessels  homeward  bound  from  Australia,  is  almost  hourly  .  looked  for,  the  wind  to  day  being  favourable.  The  Railway  Share  Market  to-day  was  again  very  buoyant,  and  a  large  amount  of  business  was  transacted.  Speculative  operations  for  a  rise  continue  to  be  freely  effected,  and  the  public  are  investing  liberally,  especially  in  guaranteed  and  preference  Stocks.  The  quotations  at  the  close  stood  as  follows  :  Caledonian,  56-A  57.  Eastern  Counties,  811-16  8  13-16.  East  Lancashire,  72  74.  Great  Northern,  961  97.  Ditto  A,  81  83.  Great  Western,  551  55  . STYLE=superscript  1.  Lanca Lancashire  shire Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  80i  81.  London  and  North  Western,  971  981.  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  254.  Midland  Stock,  691.  North  British,  301  31.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  61  61-  1 STYLE=superscript  .  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  71  72,  York  4 STYLE=superscript  and  North  Midland,  471  .191.  THE  KNIFE  AGAIN.—On  Frir?ay  last  the  ship  Driver  arrived  here  from  New  York,  and  a  man  (a  sailor)  named  William  H.  Barns,  was  sent  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  suffering  from  a  wound  inflicted  on  him  with  a  knife,  by  another  sailor,  The  man  died  in  the  hospital  yesterday,  and  an  inquest  will  be  held  on  the  body  this  day.  The  alleged  assassin  is  in  custody.  CORONER'S  INQI7EsTs.  - STYLE=superscript  -Lir  j STYLE=superscript  eiterday  the  coroner  held  the  following  inquests  :--On  the  body  of  a  child,  named  John  Rose  aged  2  years,  who  was  scalded  on  Wednesday  sen'night,  in  Brook's-alley,  by  some  hot  water  falling  on  him,  and  from  the  effects  of  which  he  died.  Verdict,  accidental  death.—On  the  body  of  Isabella  Kirkpatrick,  56  years  of  age,  who  resided  in  Park-lane,  and  who  had  been  ailing  for  some  time  from  palpitation  of  the  heart.  On  Monday  evening  she  died  suddenly.  Verdict,  died  by  the  visitation  of  God.  SOUTHERN  AND  TOXTETH  HOSPITAL.—WEEKLY  REPORT,  JAN.  23,  1856.—1  n  patients  :—Discharged  :  cured,  15  ;  relieved,  3;  at  own  request,  3  ;  irregular,  0,  Dead,  2  ;  entered,  18;  under  treatment,  69.  Out  patients  :  cured,  44  ;  entered,  41:;  under  treatment,  32.  Treasurer,  James  Houghton,  Esq.  Visitors,  Mr.  J.  Ingram,  and  Mr.  T.  Rogers.  Honorary  chaplain,  Rev.  D.  T.  Barry,  B.A.  Physicians  and  surgeons  for  the  week,  Dr.  Cameron,  and  Dr.  P.  trie.  House  surgeons,  Mr.  Charles  Royston  and  Mr.  E.  C.  Garland.  THE  CASE  AT  BOOTLE.—As  we  hoped,  this  case  has  turned  out  to  be  the  result  of  different  causes  from  those  to  which  the  reports  in  the  locality  attributed  the  death.  The  name  of  the  deceased  was  Mary  Burrows.  She  was  42  years  of  age  ;  and  it  appears  she  was  much  addicted  to  drink—and  her  husband  stated  she  would  have  drink,  no  matter  how  she  got  it.  On  the  Monday  evening,  between  eight  and  nine  o'clock,  she  was  very  drunk,  and  whilst  in  that  state  she  fell  down  and  died.  Dr.  Hodgart  stated  that  he  was  called  to  see  the  deceased  on  Monday  night,  and  found  her  dying,  ;n  fact  she  died  five  or  six  minutes  after  he  saw  her.  He  bad  made  a  pest  mortem  examination  of  the  body,  and  found  the  cause  of  death  to  be  congestive  apoplexy,  no  doubt  the  result  of  excessive  drinking.  The  jury  found  a  verdict  accordingly.  PROFESSOR  RETZLAG'S  LECTURES.--The  first  of  a  series  of  lectures,  announced  to  be  delivered  by  Professor  Carl  Retzlag,  formerly  of  the  University  of  Ros Rostock,  tock, Rostock,  upon  the  History  of  Europe  since  the  Congress  of  was  given  last  night,  in  the  Theatre  of  the  Mechanics'  Institution,  Mount-street.  There  was  only  a  moderate  attendance.  Professor  Retzlag  commenced  his  lecture  at  eight  o'clock.  The  first°  lecture  was  wholly  of  a  merely  introductory  character,  Professor  Retzlag  properly  considering  it  necessary/  to,  give  his  audience  a  general  glance  at  the  condition  of  Europe  previous  to  the  event  with  which  his  proposed  course  of  lectures  was  to  begin,  in  order  more  clearly  to  show  the  causes  which  produced  that  event,  He,  therefore,  took  a  rapid  and  comprehensive  survey  of  the  condition  of  Europe  during  the  prevalence  of  the  feudal  system,  and  the  different  causes  which,  operating  in  different  ways  throughout  European  nations,  developed  them,  gradually,  into  the  relative  positions  of  social  progress  and  freedom,  in  which,  at  the  close  of  the  last  century,  they  found  themselves.  He  1,  showed  how,  in  some  nations  the  causes  operating  naturally  developed  a  repub republis•An  lis•An republis•An  goverment,  or  a  form  of  monarchy  like  that  of  Great  Britain,  resembling  a  republic  in  the  freedom  of  its  institutions,  while  others  remaine'l  still  weighed  down  by  the  heavy  forms  of  despotic  or  aristo aristocratic  cratic aristocratic  monarchies.  Between  the  state  of  this  country  a  century  back  and  its  present  condition,  with  its  railways  and  telegraphs,  its  cheap  press,  and  diffused  literature,  he  vigorous  contrast,  and  showed  how  most  of  the  social  disorders  and  civil  strife  of  earlier  days  was  due  to  the  fact  that  the  population  of  each  district,  having  no  means  of  intercourse,  by  travelling  or  by  correspondence,  were  thoroughly  localised  in  mind,  and  felt  no  general  patriotism,  or  brotherhood,  towards  j  the;  other  parts  of  the  country.  He  then  surveyed  in  like  manner  the  condition  of  France  before  and  after  the  revolution,  and  in  the  same  manner  the  other  principal  countries  of  Europe.  Thus  he  brought  his  hearers,  in  a  brief  but  comprehensive  sketch,  down  to  that  epoch  of  history  which  is  to  be  the  starting  point  of  his  course  of  lectures.  The  introductory  lecture  was  remarkable  for  its  correct,  clear,  and  even  eloquent  English,  so  that  only  by  the  accent  of  the  speaker  could  the  audience  have  known  that  they  were  listening  to  a  foreigner.  The  assembly  evinced  their  gratification  by  frequent  applause.  The  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  has  been  very  firm  to  day,  and  prices  have  had  an  upward  tendency,  with  a  large  business,  the  sales  reaching  14,000  bales,  and  included  4,000  taken  on  speculation  and  export.  The  Liverpool  Share  Maiket  opened  at  an  advance  of  three  quarters  to  one  per  cent.  upon  the  closing  prices  of  yesterday,  and  quickly  improved  a  further  half  per  cent,  for  Midland  Stock  upon  some  speculative  buying.  And  after  a  decline  of  Z-  to  ff  per  cent.,  rallied  to  about  the  highest  point  of  the  day.  The  market  closed  firm  at  the  following  prices  :—Aberdeen,  111  11-I.  Chester  and  Birkenhead,  133  131.  Caledonian,  281  284.  Chester  and  Holyhead,  12  123.  East Eastern  ern Eastern  Counties,  8  11-16  81.  East  Lancashire,  181  183.  Great  Northern,  231  24.  Ditto  A,  10  1-16  10  3.16.  Great  Western,  55  553.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock  80-2-  801  Liverpool,  Crosby,  and  Southport,  15  151.  London  and  North  Western  Stock,  98  981.  Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  25k  25g.  Ditto  Preference,  131  133.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  3  &amp;p.  Midland  Stock,  691  69;-  1 STYLE=superscript  .  North  British,  ig  72.  North  Staffordshire,  81  84d.  South  Eastern,  18.  -  181.•  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick.  172  171.  York  and  North  Midland,  231  24.  Leeds  Capital  Stock,  131  14.  Dutch  Rhenish,  13-16  x  all  15-16  p.  Ditto  New  93  2-Ip.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  Ditto  New  Shares,  31  31p.  Great  It  will  be  seen  on  reference  to  the  letter,  pub published  lished published  in  another  column,  of  our  Paris  corres correspondent,  pondent, correspondent,  that  the  French  Government  has  decreed  an  alteration  in  the  duty  on  Wool,  charging  the  import  on  the  weight,  instead  of  ad  valorem,  as  heretofore.  This  is  an  indication  of  a  more  liberal  commercial  policy,  and  will,  in  effect,  reduce  the  duty  one  half,  by  which  a  boon  will  be  conferred  on  the  Wool  trade  of  tb"
