text
"Dale  by  iluctfon.  MR.  LAWTON  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  (This  day)  Tuesday,  the  15th  instant,  and  every  Tuesday  throughout  the  year,  commencing  at  One  o'clock  precisely,  at  his  extensive  sale-looms,  126,  Scotland-road,  near  the  Market,  consisting  of  every  description  of  excellent  and  useful  HOUSE HOUSEHOLD  HOLD HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  suitable  for  drawing  and  sitting  rooms,  parlours,  bedrooms,  kitchens,  and  other  domestic  purposes.  These  extensive  premises  are  centrally  situated,  and  are  well  adapted  for  the  purchase  or  disposal  of  Household  Furniture,  Stocks-in-Trade,  &amp;c.,  of  every  description.  Sales-by  Auction  conducted  on  the  premises  of  the  owners,  In  town  or  country,  on  reasonable  terms.  Valuations  taken  for  Prob;te  - STYLE=superscript  07  ' STYLE=superscript  Legacy  Duties,  and  all  other  purposes.  Rooms  and  Offices,  126,  Scotland-road.  Boundary-lane,  West  Derby-road.—Sale  of  Genteel  HOUSEHOLD  FURN  TURE,  Mahogany  Eseretoire,  Chimney  Glass,  Engravings,  China,  Glass,  and  other  Effects.  'VTII.  LAWTON  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  To 'TokV'  morrow  (Wednesday),  the  16th  instant,  at  Twelve  o'clock  prompt,  on  the  premises,  13,  Boundary-lane,  near  the  Zoological  Gardens,  The  remaining  part  of  the  genteel  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE  and  other  Effects  of  a  gentleman  changing  his  residence,  com comprising  prising comprising  mahogany-framed  chairs  and  sofas,  covered  in  hair-cloth,  easy  chairs.  mahogany  100  and  other  tables,  mahogany  chlffonn  ere,  valuable  mahogany  escretoira,  carpets,  fenders  and  fire-irons,  valuable  engravings,  w  ndow  hangings,  &amp;c.  The  Bedroom  Furniture  consists  of  sets  of  bedsteads,  feather  beds  and  bedding,  chests  of  t  veers,  :the  usual  chamber  Furniture.  lii.chen  utensils,  stair  carpets,  lobby  cloths,  &amp;e.  May  be  viewed  on  the  moraine  of  sale,  and  further  pariiculare  had  at  the  auctioneer's  rooms,  126,  Scotland-road.  Superior  and  Useful  Furniture,  Pianofortes,  Chandeliers,  Chimney,  &amp;c.  Glasses,  Timepiece,  &amp;c.,  Rose  Villa,  Church-road,  Stanley,  near  Old  Swan.  MR.  HILL  will  SE  LL  by  AUCTION,  To-morrow,  the  16th  instant,  at  Eleven  o'clock  in  the  Forenoon,  in  Church-road,  Stanley,  near  rattle-market,  Old  Swan,  Excellent  Modern  FURNITURE,  chande:iers,  pianoforte,  chimney,  pier,  cheval,  and  dressinz  glasses,  mah  , STYLE=superscript  gany  sideboard,  sets  chairs,  loungers,  sofas,  carpets,  sets  fire  irons,  fenders,  pictures,  paintings,  clock,  glass,  china.  lobby  cloth,  mats,  stair  carpets,  time timepiece,  piece, timepiece,  modern  four-post,  half  tester,  and  French  bedsteads,  mattrasses,  feather  beds,  chests  drawers,  handsome  wardrobe,  of  choice  wood  and  workmanship,  dressing  and  toilet  tables,  pier,  toilet,  and  cheval  glasses,  carpeting,  painted  floor  cloth,  commodes,  hearth  rugs,  fenders,  washstands,  kitchen  furniture,  ware,  glasses,  utensils  and  requisite,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  BOOTLE,  NEAR  LIVERPOOL.  VALUABLE  LEASIAIOLD  PROPERTY,  _  •  ESSRS.  CHURTON,  will  SELL  by  AUC AUCTION,  TION, AUCTION,  at  the  Clarendon-rooms,  South  John  -street,  Liverpool,  (al  Friday,  the  18th  day  of  January,  1856,  at  Three  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  in  one  or  more  Lots,  and  subject  to  such  conditions  as  shay  be  then  and  there  agreed  upon,  1.  Ad  that  Plot  of  LAND  (being  pact  of  Kirkdate  Marsh),  situate  at  Bootle,  near  Liverpool,  in  the  county  of  LA:waster,  bounded  on  north  and  south  by  property  now  in  lease  to  the  representatives  of  the  late  William  Spurston  Miller,  Esq.;  on  the  east  by  a  road  ten  yards  wide,  and  on  the  west  by  the  shore  of  the  river  ni  ersey,  ,  and  contain  ng  2,422  superficial  square  yards  of  land  or  thereabouts,  subject  to  the  annual  rent  of  16s.  2.  And  a!so—All  that  other  Plot  of  LAND  adjoining  the  said  last lastnamed  named lastnamed  plot,  bounded  on  the  north  and  south  by  property  in  lease  to  the  representatives  of  the  said  W.  S.  Miller;  on  the  east  by  a  back  road  ten  yards  wide,  and  on  the  west  by  the  shore  of  the  river  Mersey,  and  containing  in  the  whole  1,353  snperfit  ial  square  yards  of  land  or  thereabouts,  subject  to  the  annual  rent  of  gs.  And  also—All  those  Six  M  ESSUAGES  or  DWELLING DWELLINGHOUSES,  HOUSES, DWELLINGHOUSES,  with  the  Stables  ;  nd  Outbuildings  attached  thereto,  now  standing  upon  the  said  plots  of  land  or  some  part  thereof,  and  now  or  late  in  the  several  occupations  of  William  Hall,  Michael  M'Cor.  mick,  Hugh  Rippard,  Thomas  Rochford,  George  Ellis,  and  Ralph  Knowles,  their  undertenants  or  assigns.  The  abose  prem'ses  are  held  under  two  several  demises  made  in  the  y  'ar  1835,  by  the  late  Earl  of  Derby  to  the  late  William  Spurston  Miller,  Esq  ,  for  the  lives  of  three  individuals  in  the  same  indentures  respectively  mentioned,  and  will  be  sold  subject  to  the  covenants  in  the  same  leases  con contained.  tained. contained.  The  Docks  have  been  extended  to  within  a  few  yards  of  the  above  property,  and  notices  have  been  served  of  an  intended  application  to  Parliament  for  a  Bill  to  enable  this  property  to  be  appropriated  for  the  like  purpose.  3.  And  also—All  those  Two  POLICIES  of  ASSURANCE  in  the  Manchester  Assurance  Company,  effected  in  the  year  1828,  for  elm)  each,  payable  on  the  death  of  the  last  survivor  of  the  three  lives  in  the  said  Two  Policies  respectively  mentioned,  subject  to  the  payment  of  the  annual  premiums  of  .77  155.,  and  .eB.  For  further  particulars  apply  to  Messrs.  n  ttTON,  Auctioreers;  or  to  Mr.  Ii  ENRY  FORD,  Solicitor,  Chester.  MR.  HODGKINS  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Wednesday,  the  30th  instant,  at  One  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon  rooms,  South  John.stree  , STYLE=superscript  ,  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  in  the  following  or  •  uch  other  lots  as  shall  e  agreed  upon  at  the  time  of  sale,  and  subject  to  such  conditions  as  shall  be  then  and  there  uroduced  Lot  1.  All  that  piece  of  L  (ND,  situate  on  the  north  side  of  Sea Seacombe-street,  combe-street, Seacombe-street,  in  Everton,  containing  in  front  thereto,  including  one-half  of  the  width  of  a  common  passage  of  4  fret  wide  on  the  east  side  thereof,  93  feet  11  inches  or  thereabouts,  and  running  in  a  northerly  oirection  along  Great  Homer-stir  et  58  feet  4  inches  or  thereabouts,  then  running  eastwardly  83  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  running  on  the  east  side  long  the  said  pascage  57  feet  103  inches  or  thereabouts,  and  containing  in  the  whole  567  superficial  scow  e  yards  or  thereabouts;  together  with  the  HOUSE  and  SHOP  in  front  of  Great  Homer  -street.  and  the  House  and  Shop  and  Bakery  at  the  coiner  of  Great  Homer-street  and  Seacombe-street,  and  the  four  Houses  in  front  of  Seacombe-street,  now  in  the  respective  occupations  of  Mr.  Kaye,  Mr.  Horrocks,  Mr.  Culshaw,  Mr.  Bud Buddle,  dle, Buddle,  Mr.  Darby,  and  Mr.  Jones,  and  producing  an  aggregate  rebtal  of  .Ell  3.  2.  All  that  Piece  of  LAND,  situate  on  the  youth  side  of  Ever.  ton  Valley,  containing  in  front  thereto  and  at  the  back  severally  39  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  in  depth  on  the  east  and  west  sides  severally  to  J  , STYLE=superscript  mes-street  96  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  containing  in  the  who'e  384  square  yards  or  thereabouts;  together  - STYLE=superscript  with  the  Two  DWELLING-HOUSES  thereen  erected,  now  in  the  respective  occupat'ons  of  Mrs.  Samuel,  and  Mr.  Surr,  and  producing  an  aggregate  rental  of  £5l.  The  Tenure  of  both  lots  is  Freehold  of  Inhetitance.  For  further  particulars  apply  to  Messrs.  Evans  &amp;  Son,  solicitors,  Commerce  -court,  Lord-street,  Liverpool.  YESTERDAY'S  MARKETS  LIVERPOOL  CATTLE.—Our  supply  continues  large.  but  was  met  by  a  fair  demand,  particularly  .  for  sheep,  which  were  sold  at  fully  last  week's  p  r  i  ces  ;  good  beef  was  as  usual  scarce,  and  sold  freely  without  change  ;  middling  and  inferior  at  low  rates,  and  very  irregular  in  value.  Beasts,  2,412;  sheep,  10,202.  LONDON  CORN.—The  supply  of  English  wheat  to  this  morning's  market  was  small,  and  the  condition  being  better  than  of  late,  enabled  factors  to  obtain  an  advance  of  2s  per  quarter  upon  our  quotations  of  this  day  se'nnight.  The  little  business  transacted  is  foreign  was  at  last  week's  prices.  Barley,  beans,  and  peas,  are  each  Is  per  quarter  dearer.  Oats  are  a  steady  trade  at  late  rates.  Country  flour  brings  an  advance  of  is  to  2s  per  sack,  and  barrels  meet  a  fair  sale.  METROPOLITAN  CATTLE.--The  supply  of  beasts  in  to-day's  market  was  but  moderate,  yet  the  demand  for  most  kinds  ruled  inactive  at  last  Monday's  quotations.  We  had  a  very  dull  sale  for  sheep,  the  show  of  which  was  tolerably  good,  at  a  decline  of  from  2d  to  4d  per  8  lbs.  Calves  moved  off  slowly  at  Friday's  depression.  In  Pigs  very  little  was  doing.  Beef,  from  3s  4d  to  4s  10d;  Mut Mutton,  ton, Mutton,  from  3s  Od  to  4s  10d  ;  Veal,  from  4s  6d  to  53  8d  ;  Pork,  from  3s  10d  to  ss—per  8  lbs,  to  sink  offal.  Beasts,  3,841  ;  foreign,  525.  Sheep,  29,150;  foreign,  690.  Calves,  116  ;  foreign,  82.  Pigs,  500.  BOROUGH  HOP.—The  scarcity  of  fine  coloury  growths  of  every  description  still  continues,  and  the  value  of  those  classes  is  fully  maintained.  The  middling  and  inferior  sorts  meet  with  rather  a  dull  sale,  without,  however,  any  alteration  in  price."
