text
"Rice  :  The  supply  on  offer  has  increased.  Dealers  operate  cautiously.  Cotton:  Our  market  is  tolerably  firm,  change  has  taken  place.  In  prices  very  little  Hemp  and  Flax  :  There  is  very  little  doing  in  hemp,  the  value  of  which  is  barely  supported.  Flax  is  dull,  and  rather  Spirits  :  The  market  for  rum  is  dull,  on  former  terms.  In  brandy  very  little  is  doing.  Geneva  and  corn  spirits  are  quite  as  dear  as  last  week.  Provisions  :  There  is  a  very  inactive  demand  for  Irish  butter,  at  a  reduction  in  tho  quotations  of  from  is  to  2s  per  cwt.  Foreign  has  sold  slowly,  at  the  same  decline,  English  butter  supports  previous  rates,  Bacon  moves  off  slowly,  at  is  per  cwt  less  money.  In  the  value  of  hams,  lard,  and  cheese,  we  have  no  change  to  notice.  Metals  :  Scotch  pig  iron  is  quoted  at  5s  5d  free  on  board.  Copper  and  lead  are  quite  as  dear  as  last  week.  Spelter  dull,  at  £2l  5s  to  £2l  Zs  64  per  ton.  Oils:  Our  market  is  rather  inactive;  but  we  have  no  ma matexial  texial matexial  change  to  notice  in  prices.  Pale  seal,  t  37  10s  to  £3B  16;  brown,  £33  to  £34;  sperm,  £B6  to  £B7;  cod,  134  10s;  southern,  £39  to  £4O.  Tallow  :  The  demand  is  heavy,  and  prices  are  not  sup supsported.  sported. supsported.  GLASGOW  MARKETS—YESTEADAY,  Messrs.  McCallum,  Graham,  and  Black,  brokers,  sold  at  auction,  this  afternoon,  (Tuesday)  140  bogies  pearl  sago,  large  grain,  in  bond  here,  at  19s  per  cwt  ;  also  100  boxes  pearl  sago,  small  grain,  at  22s  6d  ;  and  64  bags  white  pepper,  in  bond,  at  9d  to  9fd  per  lb  ;  4,500  bundles  Rattans  were  offered,  but  there  being  no  buyers,  they  were  w•ithdt  awn.  West  India  Produce  :  The  sales  of  West  India  Sugar  are  still  small,  with  little  alteration  in  prices.  Brown  Lobagos  are  quoted  at  33s  6d  ;  middling  Trinidads,  34s  3d,  In  Mauri Mauritius,  tius, Mauritius,  East  India,  and  foreign,  no  transactions  worthy  of  notice.  Refined  sugars  are  In  moderatewi  with  4h  3s  m  6odddeentrioaa  moderate  a  at  l6e  d  4:3  s  floyr  t  ,  o  fibn  6  ue  tlysel•l  prices  foowr  brown  loaves,  50s  6d  to  52s  f  for  middling  good,  42s  6d  to  43s  6d  ;  to  fine  and  very  fine  from  54  s  to  6  65.  Crushed  ugars  in  good  request  at  37 STYLE=superscript  s  6 STYLE=superscript  d  to  4 STYLE=superscript  0s  ;  for  brown,  40s  6d  to  m  iddli  ng  treacle,  s  only,  no  o3s  ;  to  18  s  6d  ;  syrup  ,  20s  to  235.  C  lo  o  w  tt  f STYLE=superscript  e  o  o STYLE=superscript  r  n  r STYLE=superscript  .  iis  yellow STYLE=superscript  still  andbrown,  inactive,  Cotton  goods  and  yarns  are  somewhat  firmer,  and  more  business  done  at  current  prices.  Pig  Iron  :  Yesterday  there  was  a  good  business  done  at  77s  to  778  6d;  cash  for  warrants  closing  firm  at  later  quotations,  No.  1,  pu.b.  795,  and  No.  3,  755.  GREAT  FLOODS  IN  KENT  AND  E  SSEI  .—  O  n  Thursday  night  last  a  heavy  storm  of  thunder  and  lightning  burst  over  the  valley  of  the  Medway.  It  w.  s  accompanied  by  a  literal  deluge  of  rain,  which  descending  on  Friday  from  the  uplands,  poured  into  the  river,  and  gradually  overflowed  its  banks  at  numerous  points,  till  some  hundreds  of  acres  of  land  between  Fenshurst  and  Maidstone  were  under  water.  On  Friday  also,  and  in  the  course  of  the  night,  there  were  frequent  and  heavy  showers,  augmenting  the  body  of  water  to  such  an  extent  that  the  bed  of  the  stream  could  not  carry  off  the  flood,  and  the  neighbouring  fields  and  meadows  were  completely  inundated.  On  Saturday  m  orn  i  ng,  conse  quently,  the  Fair-meadow  at  Maidstone,  with  so  me  o  f  th  meadows  above  and  below  the  bridge,  resembled  a  lake.  On  Saturday  night  and  Sunday  the  flood  abated,  and  the  river  now  does  not  exceed  its  average  depth.  SHIPBUILDERS'  ASSOCIATION.-IMPOR ASSOCIATION.-IMPORTANT  TANT ASSOCIATION.-IMPORTANT  MEETING.  .  Yesterday  morning,  a  special  general  meeting  of  this  body  took  place  in  the  Regulating  Office,  Strand-street,  to  consider  theyropriety  of  Advertising  for  strangers,  and  to  transact  other  liusiness  connected  with  the  association.  Mr.  John  Green  presided,  and  the  following  members  were  present:—Messrs.  Clayton,  Boyd,  Major,  W.  Pope,  J.  Pope,  I.  Evans,  Potter,  Ladmore,  Johnson,  Paul,  M'Elroy,  Dawson,  Royle,  Bell,  Jackson,  Brown,  Fitzpatrick,  W.  B.  Jones,  Clarke,  Smith,  Garrett,  Costain  Cato,  R.  Evans,  -  hon.  secretary,  and  H.  Crosbie,  assistant  secretary.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  before  going  into  the  business  of  the  day,  he  would  mention  that  he  attended  the  meeting  at  the  Concert  Hall,  on  Wednesday  last,  and  a  statement  was  there  made  by  him  which  'they  might  have  read  in  the  papers.  That  meeting  had  called  forth  some  remarks  from  the  Clironicle,  with  reference  to  apprentices,  and  before  going  into  the  subject  of  the  meeting,  namely,  to  advertise  for  strangers,  he  wished  to  hear  any  remarks  which  any  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  might  desire  to  make  with  reference  to  the  appren apprentices.  tices. apprentices.  Mr.  GRAYSON  said  :  Gentlemen,  before  making  the  re remarks  marks remarks  which  I  had  intended  to  do,  I  would  merely  say  it  was  late  yesterday  evening  when  I  received  the  notice  res respecting  pecting respecting  the  object  of  the  meeting  this  day,  namely,  to  take  into  consideration  the  necessity  of  immediately  resorting  to  the  alternative  of  immediately  advertising  to  bring  .  strange  shipwrights  into  the  port.  Without  giving  an  opinion.  at  present,  on  this  point,  .I  should  have  been  glad  had  a  little  more  time  been  allowed  for  consideration.  ft  is  a  very  serious  and  important  consideration,  and  which,  if  acted  on,  will  probably  bring  us  into  direct  collision  with  our  workmen,  and  which,  by  no  means  improbable,  will  end  in  what  is  com commonly  monly commonly  called  a  strike.  Before  alluding  to  the  subject,  I  think  we  have  been  called  upon  by  some  remarks  which  were  made  at  a  public  meeting  of  the  Shipwrights'  Association,  on  Wednesday  last,  and  taken  up  and  commented  upon  most  fully  by  a  portion  of  the  Liverpool  press,  to  offer  some  observations  in  reply.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  We  have  been  publicly  charged  with  multiplyi  ng  th  e  num number  ber number  of  apprentices  to  such  an  extent  as  thereby  to  act  un-  justly  alike  towards  the  operative  shipwrights  and  ship shipowners.  owners. shipowners.  We  have  also  been  further  charged  with  directly  stimulating  the  men  to  demand  an  advance  of  wages,  and  the  ground  alluded  to,  and  stated  for  that  assertion  is  that  we  aught  be  able  to  rcaliso  a  greatpr  amount  of  profit  from  the  employment  of  our  apprentices.  Now,  gentlemen,  it  is  not  for  your  satisfaction.  I  intend  to  make  those  remarks.  We  know  that  this  is  utterly  untrue  ;  but  I  think  the  time  is  come  when  we  should  be  doing  injustice  to  ourselves  if  we  did  not  explain  the  circumstances  at  some  length  for  the  satisfaction  of  the  shipowners,  shipwrights,  and  the  public  at  large.  At  that  meeting,  on  Wednesday,  one  of  the  most  intel intelligent  ligent intelligent  of  the  speakers  absolutely  admitted  and  traced  the  cause  of  the  present  scarcity  .  of  shipwrights  to  the  masters  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  for  not  employing  and  raising  a  greater  number  of  apprentices.  (Hear,  hear.)  These  gentlemen,  will  corrobo corroborate  rate corroborate  what  I  state.  Surely  this  must  be  a  lapses  lingu  :  but  it  is  a  pretty  fair  admission  of  the  state  of  the  case.  However,  I  think,  in  - STYLE=superscript  dependent  of  this  consideration,  the  very  facts  of  the  case,  the  figures  given  by  the  shipwright's  association  alone,  are  still  more  conclusive.  They  give  in  round  figures  the  number  of  Liverpool  shipwrights  at  1700,  and  the  num number  ber number  of  apprentices,  if  I  am  rightly  informed,  is  about  750.  Now,  gentlemen,  it  is  notorious,  although  there  may  be  an  immense  amount  of  work  in  the  port,  it  is  very  unequally  divided  amongst  the  individual  masters;  one  master  may  be  overstocked  with  work,  whilst  his  neighbour  is  actually  with without  out without  work,  and  with  the  bulk  of  his  apprentices  unemployed  in  his  yard.  Making  allowance  for  such  cases,  and  the  great  number  of  apprentices  always  employed  on  new  work  in  the  yards,  I  think  it  will  be  self-evident  that  on  an  average  there  cannot  have  been  more  than  600  or  600  employed  on  the  whole.  Now,  it  is  notorious,  that  every  shipwright  in  Liverpool,  unless  he  wilfully  absented  himself,  has  been  at  work,  or  might  have  been  at  work,  during  the  past  twelve  months;  and,  consequently,  if  you  divide  500  in  1700,  the  relative  proportions  on  the  whole  average  cannot  possibly  have  exceeded  the  regular  proportion  of  one  apprentice  to  every  three  men.  Undoubt Undoubtedly  edly Undoubtedly  there  are  particular  ships,  and  have  been,  where  a  larger  number  of  apprentices  have  been  employed;  but  every  mas master  ter master  knows  that  in  the  multiplicity  of  his  work  he  will  inva invariably  riably invariably  have  some  particular  ship  which  is  much  more  urgently  required  than  others.  How  is  he  to  get  on  with  his  ship?  In  one  of  two  ways.  Either  by  offering  a  higher  rate  of  wages,  and  attracting  the  men  from  his  neighbours,  or,  which  I  consider  infinitely  p  re  f  era  bl  e  ,  d  ra  i  n  i  ng  a  ll  hi  s  own  work  and  concentrating  his  force  on  this  individual  ship.  This  accounts  for  the  fact—(l  believe  it  is  a  fact)  —  that  a  very  great  proportion,  three-fourths  sometimes  of  the  whole  of  the  hands  at  a  particular  ship,  have  been  appren apprentices—l,  tices—l, apprentices—l,  for  one,  do  not  deny  it  Mr.  W.  B.  Jorms  :  I  have  one  ;  because  I  cannot  get  men.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  GRAYSON  :  So  far  from  extortion  being  thereby  prac practiced  ticed practiced  upon  the  ship  owners  exactly  the  reverse  is  the  fact.  It  has  frequently  been  found  to  be  a  loss  to  the  master  to  have  his  apprentices  going  from  ship  to  ship,  and  the  gain  on  the  whole  has  been  decidedly  in  favour  of  the  ship  owner.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  might,  perhaps,  menti  on  one  case.  I  had  a  ship  very  recently  in  N.  1,  Queen  - STYLE=superscript  hi  G-huyin  g  D..L.,  for  heavy  repairs.  The  ship  belonged  to  one  of  the  oldest,  most  experienced,  and,  I  may  add,  one  of  the  most  shrewd  ship  owners  in  the  port  of  Liverpool.  Without  mentioning  any  names,  I  may  state  the  fact  generally,  that  I  believe  I  never  had  a  larger  number  of  apprentices  on  any  ship.  So  far  from  finding  fault,  although  he  personally  attended  the  ship  very  frequently,  I  can  only  say  that  the  ship  owner  not  only  did  not  find  fault  with  me  for  so  doing,  but  on  more  than  one  occasion  he  asked  was  it  not  possible  for  me  to  get  him  some  more  apprentices.  I  think  this  makes  its  own  com comment,  ment, comment,  and  we  are  at  least  cleared  on  the  ground  of  any  in injustice  justice injustice  to  the  shipwrights  by  this  multiplicity  of  apprentices,  and  we  also  see  how  it  affects  the  owners.  Mr.  M'Erzoy  :  That  remark  from  the  shipowner  would  have  been  in  consequence  of  the  men  not  attending,  as  well  as  the  apprentices.  Mr.  diAxsox  :  That  was  one  reason,  I  think.  So  far  as  my  own  experience  goes,  the  ship  owners  are  we  ll  aware  o  f  this  fact.  I  can  scarcely  call  to  mind  an  instance  where  I  have  made  any  secret  of  it  to  a  shipowner.  When  _they  have  found  fault  with  that  state  of  things,  they  have  been  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  satisfied  when  it  has  been  fully  explained  to  them.  Another  charge  brought  against  us  by  a  portion  of  the  press  is,  how  comes  it  that  unlike  all  .  other  trades  in  the  port,  you  not  only  empl  o  y  a  greater  number  of  apprentices,  but  von  charge  them  as  full-blown  journeymen.  Well,  at  first  sight  this  certainly  requires  explanation.  It  is  cer certainly  tainly certainly  unlike  trades,  generally  ;  but  our  trade  is  unlike  trades  generally.  In  no  other  trades  in  our  own  port,  or  in  any  other  trade  port  in  the  kingdom,  or  of  the  world,  does  such  a  state  of  things  exist  as  a  master  tradesman  having  no  benefit  directly  or  indirectly  for  the  employment  of  journeymen.  I  think  this  is  not  so  generally  known  as  it  ought  to  be.  Neither  directly  or  indirectly  do  we  receive  any  profit  from  the  employment.  of  journeymen.  When  we  take  into  ac account  count account  that  we  have  to  employ  foremen  (I  have  myself  six  whom  I  never  discharge,  and  who,  when  unemployed,  pro produce  duce produce  no  return  or  profit,  and  who  are  not  employed  more  than  three  quarters  of  the  year),  the  balance  is  a  very  impor important  tant important  and  serious  set  off  against  the  profits  derived  from  ap apprentices.  prentices. apprentices.  I  would  also  state,  although  certainly  they  have  been  a  source  of  very  great  profit  during  the  present  year,  that  we  need  not  go  very  far  back—and  I  for  one  turned  over  a  few  days  ago  to  a  very  recent  time,  where,  for  three  months  consecutively,  the  balance  of  my  yard  account,  in including  cluding including  apprentices,  foreman,  and  all,  was  a  very  heavy  and  continuous  loss.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  would  also  take  this  op opportunity  portunity opportunity  of  remarking  that  the  apprentices  themselves  have  not  been  without  a  portion  of  the  increased  profit  ;  3d.  in  the  shilling  at  each  advance  has  been  added  to  their  earnings,  and  the  amount  including  overtime  earned  by  those  appren apprentices  tices apprentices  has  not  unfrequently  reached,  and  considerably  exceeded  £1  per  week.  Mr.  APELROY  :  Very  frequently.  _  _  _  Mr.  GRAYSON  :  I  think  those  remarks  have  been  called  for,  and  as  I  said  before  I  have  not  made  them  for  our  own  satisfaction,  but  in  reply  to  charges,  which  if  allowed  to  pass  uncontradieted  in  the  public  papers,  would  certainly  make  it  appear  we  were  acting  in  an  improper  manner.  (Hear,  hear).  This  is  a  fit  opportunity  to  go  into  other  matters  connected  with  the  trade.  I  think  we  stand  in  a  most  anomalous  position.  The-master  shipwrights  of  Liverpool  are  unlike  any  other  masters.  In  fact  the  term  master  is  a  misnomer  strictly  speaking,  (Hear,  hear)  for  our  very  work workshops,  shops, workshops,  the  Graving'  docks  are  not  under  our  own  control.  (Hear,  hear).  We  are  as  it  were,  to  use  a  common  phrase  just  now,  a  species  of  mediums  between  the  higher  spirits  and  the  lower—between  the  s  pi  r  it  e  d  rapp  i  ngs  f  rom  a  b  ove,  and  the  spirituous  responses  from  below.  (Hear,  hear).  I  think  our  present  situation  as  such  is  no  sinecure.  (Hear,  hear).  We  have  been  as  it  were  the  butt  of  the  public  au authorities  thorities authorities  of  this  town.  lam  n  o  t  yet  a  very  old  man,  but  I  can  recollect  within  the  last  seventeen  years,  the  firm  with  which  I  have  been  connected,  having  been  three  times  re removed  moved removed  from  their  yards  by  the  public  authorities,  without  any  recompense  whatever,  (Hear,  hear),  and  that  at  an  es estimated  timated estimated  expense  of  something  like  £9900  or  £7OOO.  (Shame)  Not  only  so,  but  next  to  the  provisions  of  building  yards,  Graving  dock  accommodation  was  the  object  which  af affected  fected affected  us  nearest.  (Hear,  hear).  I  was  for  some  years  secretary  to  this  association,  and  it  frequently  devolved  upon  me  to  make  application  from  time  to  time  to  the  dock  committee,  when  the  Albert  dock  wa  re  h  ouses  were  b  e  i  ng  kilt,  and  be before  fore before  the  Collingwood  dock  was  completed,  that  they  would  increase  our  Graving  dock  accommodation,  particularly  towards  the  centre  ofthe  port,--in  fact  to  have  a  Graving  dock  attached  to  nearly  every  wet  dock,  or  at  all  events  in  suitable  proportion.  But  no,  anything  would  do  f  or  th  e  s  hi  pwr  i  g  ht  s  of  Liverp  oo  l.  When  the  new  scheme  for  the  north  extension  commTiced,  we  again  applied  that  th  e  G  rav  i  ng  d  oc  k  accom accommodation  modation accommodation  might  be  increased  to  meet  the  extent  of  the  wet  dock  accommodation,  but  again  no  provision  was  made  for  the  important  matter  of  Graving  docks.  (Hear,  hear).  The  consequence  has  been  that  their  necessity  has  at  last  been  so  forced  on  the  attention  of  the  dock  committee,  that  they  were  compelled  to  increase  the  amount  of  the  Graving  dock  aceommmodation.  B  u  t  as  though  it  were  to  incommode  us  in  every  possible  way  th  ey  could  imagine,  they  have  created  those  splendid  ranges  of  Graving  docks  at  the  very  antipodes,  to  where  the  few  existing  shipbuilding  yards  are,  and  where  the  great  body  of  the  workmen  have  for  years  resided.—Not  only  so,  but  even  at  the  present  moment,  in  what  is  now  before  the  committee  as  a  new  scheme  for  the  .  further  extension  of  the  docks,  i  ns  t  ea  d  o  f  M  r  .  Bartley  Wag  advantage  of  the"
