text
"d  had  cohabited  togeti  From  a  dispute  am  Ingst  the  children  of  lied  th  house;  but  ocedsioually  dtm't  get  the  pr„  you  will  bc:  paid  fer  the  plans_but  considerable  affection  for  his  victim.  On  the  yini  are  sqire  of.  gting  the  The  plaintiff  accord-  14illJuly  the  prisoner  visited  the  house  or  the  deceased  ingly.gokeertain.plans  executed,  and-the  defendant  asked  and'  ~.upbraided‘  her  for  not  having  met  him  at  Rochdale  him  to  put  .hiss  proposal  in  writi  ng  ,  which  he  did.  Mr.  Mackie  sai(Pithe  PrtipoSal  \was  all  correct,  but  that  he  aqvciing  s.  to  three  previous  appointments  she  had  made,  -e STYLE=superscript  ritilkdtp  l STYLE=superscript  haie'  a:  basern2nt  Dim  C7•H  , STYLE=superscript  7lite(l..  which-wds  '  and  on  lhat'OCeasion  he  stated  that  if  shseaid  not  meet  --  .-  ~,,  ,-  r‘ir.  Mackie,  him  on  the  'fo!lowing  - STYLE=superscript  S4Uirdafril  i  ght,  .he  would  not  see  her  . STYLE=superscript  qt?nd  the  culprit-  and  the  have  t  Wt  brought  for  - STYLE=superscript  cast  of,  the  plarruJ  ,, STYLE=superscript  Evidenee  havingheenigone  into  on  both  ciPoaseti  went  to  the  Hal,  vrerdict.  was.  givotY  *for  Ithe  t STYLE=superscript  plaintiff  for,,gs'  sg,  the  cdst  of  the  plans;  and  . STYLE=superscript  4,2q  t  ,for  loss  of  time  gain;  On  the  night  of  the  lloOn  public-h  o'clock,  and  in  about  na,,  _  shown  to  the  bedroom.  On  the  following  morning  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  left  the  house  at  an  early  hour,  promising  to  return  in  a  Short  time,  but  he  was  not  seen  there  again.  About  tvvelve  o'clock  the  servant  knocked  at  the  door  for  the  .purpose  of  awaking  the  female,  but  not  receiving  any  answer  She  entered  and  found  the  deceased  dying  'on  her  back,  quite  dead.  She  had  a-pillow  across-  her  neck  which  concealed  part  of  her  face,  and  on  the  removal  of  the  pillow-it  was  found  that  her  throat  was  cut.  ,  :Her  hands  being  across  her  breast,  and  in  ?ter  right  hand  wag  found  a  razor,  thc•leack  of  the  blade  being  towards  the  deeensed,  but  in  such  a  position  that  it  was  iMPosiible  she  could  have  committed-  the  act  - STYLE=superscript  hergele.  These  were  the  simple  facts  brought  out  on  the  trial,  and  upon  which  the  jury  pronounced  the  prisoner  guilty.  Since  .his  condettination  the  prisoner  has  scarcely  made'  any  alltisitm  to  the  awful  •crime  for  which  he  has  to  suffer  death.  He  is  about  an  hou  two  were  R  c  OliCE•  COURT  .---V  ESTERDA  flrty= STYLE=superscript  ~nr  year  . STYLE=superscript  of  -agi  and  was  described  as  an  iron irondresser.  dresser. irondresser.  He  is  of  the  middle  size,  and  rather  inclined  to  b  3  thin,  but  on  the'  trial  his  features  were  regular  and  placid;  appeared  careworn  and  'dejected.  F)r  the  last  few  days  various  rumours  have  been  circulated  throu2h-  out  the,  town—some  statin'  that  he  had  mule  a  full  con  •  fession  of  his  guilt  to  the  worthy  chaplain,  and  had  then  attempted  to  commit  suicide;  others:  - STYLE=superscript  stated  that  he  had  protested  his  innocence  of  the  crime  of  s  hich  he  had  been  convicted.  Neither  of  these  reports,  however,  are  based  on  truth  as  in  the  first  place,  he  has  been'  too  closely  watched  by  the  goyernor,  Mr.  Gibbs,  and  the  turnkeys  of  the  bridewell,  to  carry  out  the  farmer  suggestion,  and  With  regard  to  the  latter,  even  when  attended  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Appleton,  the  chaplain  of  the  bridewell,  to  whose  duty  it  fell  to  adininister  to  him  Spiritual  comfort  and  advice,  he  has  avoided,  as  much  as  possible,  alluding  to  the  crime  of  which  he  has  been  convicted.  The  culprit  has  not  made  any  confession.  His  conflict  has  been  orderr,  bnt  it  woald,  even  in  hi.;  almost  last  moments,  b  3  prema premature  ture premature  to  estimate  the  probable  extent  to  which  the  spiritual  ministrations  of  the  worthy  chaplain  will  proYe  bene beneficial;  ficial; beneficial;  Already  the  scaffold  is  .  erected  at  the  North  West  side  of  the  Kirkdale  jail,  upon  whirl:  the  disgusting  scene  of  a  public  execltion  will  take  place  this  day  at  twelve  o'clock,  when,  if  we  may  judge  from  former  exhi exhibitions  bitions exhibitions  of  a  similar  character,  we  do  not  doubt,  there  will  he  assembled  herds  of  reprobates  and  criminals,  the  refuse  of  society,  to  witness  the  dying  agonies  of  a  murderer.  All  doubt:  as  to  the  execution  taking  place  this  day  has  bee,n  set  at  rest,  as  an  answer  has  berm  received  from  the  Home  Secretary,  refusing  to'  entertain  the  petition  of  a  memorial,  sent  to  him  by  some  persons  who  are  opposed  to  capital  punishment,  for  the  mitigation  of  th  of  death,  to  that  of  transportation.  Since  the  above  was  written  we  learn  that  Mr.  N  '  T STYLE=superscript  ted  the  wretc'  sentence  the  well-xnown  philanthropist,  vict  yesterday,  an("
