text
"entleman  himself  who  ave  held  the  [ccountabi  e  'then  prevailed  au:prig*  t,  and  still  more  that  memher  of  the  council,  to  a  verv,large  and  important  section  of  his  colleanmes.who  had  delegated`  fo'thein  as  a  committee  very  serfons  and  important  duties.  That  , STYLE=superscript  courtesy  shonlitlilve  dictated  the  propriety  'of  et  Irds:i„an  - STYLE=superscript  ar.swey  ;  but  as  the  committee  had  been  left  Wiqielt  rOeiiltkg  an'y  answer,  they  ,••  •  conclasions—one  that  trictly  inqUirett  it  o  the  ould  only  M  r.  Hodson  hi  f  havir  'l),  ,, STYLE=superscript  ar  investi9:ation  to  shelter  hinisellmtider  tiewhieh  he  said  .11  1'  giveiritot  to  divaige  the  mes  of  the  parties  who  hart  cortimunica  . STYLE=superscript  ed  to  hint  the  .clurstances.  .He  :thought  Abbt  ;-Mr.  'Hodson  could  be  ircely  aware  of  the  false  position  in  which  he  had  placed  himself  b'  the'itatemerit  he  haTuiride;  atkl'?he  course  which  he  now  pursued  in  reference  to  it:  He  (Mr.  33rancke0  - STYLE=superscript  slated  at  fast  conneil  that,  iirespecthe  of  the'  l STYLE=superscript  l66l  guilt,  the  giving  of  bribes  was  an  indictible  offence'  (hear,  bear),  and  that  thegivet;  of  ,biibes  plight  be  taken  before  the  magistiateS:ati4  .  teed  or  inikiSoned  as  the  case  might  be.  Did  Mr.  Hodson  intend.tumake  himself  a  party  to  the  00113111i€000  of  sack  an  offence  ?  for  he•::fftid  posith6ly  d,entlied  - STYLE=superscript  that  it  had  habitually  and  systithaticaV  l STYLE=superscript  taken  nhee;  and  that  it  was  still  being  committed.  Was  he  wil willing,  ling, willing,  amhe  had  stated  that  he  was  willing,  that  itshtrnld  go  forth  on  the  wings  of  the  press  that  such  a  practice  did  exist,  and  also  t'  inference  drawn  by  himelf  1114  the  watch  committee  was  not  deserving  of  the  confidence  of  the  —was  he  witting  that  it  likewise  should'go  forth  that  member  of  the'  council,  sent  there  by  ,his  constituents  to  look  not  only;  atter  the  interest  of  the  Council,,  but  of  th  e  community  at  ,  large  admitted  himself  ,  laublidly,  to  be  an'  aceeis'arvl6  the  lam  and  before,th  council  hh  :t.;  ,for  he  gtate  - STYLE=superscript  cl.that-,  , STYLE=superscript  the  syltem  c  hear)  =-grosS  breaches  Of  tru  •••  Tvants  of  the  oniincil,-  and  the  habitual  •-•  corn corn  - corn  - STYLE=superscript  liftable  offerfee,  by  Parties  w4p,were  known  Was  he.wilting  that  that  should  He  could  not  conceive  that  If  M.  ,touson.naa  WIJKUIt  at  the  -=matter  in  that'  ligbf,  he  'woald  have  placed  himself  in  such'  a  nthestgOit;  Vitt  that  he  would  liavv.  ,  gone  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  party,  to  whom  he  had  /  1 STYLE=superscript  11:iiself  ' STYLE=superscript  not  tOi'divplge  ,the  cireinnstamce.,  ,and  en en`''d  `''d en`''d  of  the  pledge,  and,  failing  in  that,  that  `'.E4  that  if  the  system:Were  con-  to  him  r  (fear;  heUr.l  the  public.?  o  befot  .tch  give  if  his  and  tha  he  public  ind  , STYLE=superscript  ptaclelfot  ch  golice  force,  zeneral  r  'es  again  the.watch  15'9'01,  henceforth  •••  .•  •  ...a  i  sou,  •  1.u..  Lir,  1.11.1ty  them  to  the  proper  quarter,-  and  give  the  watch  cgmpplillee  ihi'oppOrtunity  o  f  purging  their&#34;ofteers'`froit'ing'effetice  they  might  he  charged  with.  (Hear,  hear.)  4  A  e  had  hoi  4,  and  711  was`  theyef  specei  dpiiverect.  by  bi  no  doubt,  ihticl  been  iiien  iu  uy  Lite,  watcn  committee,  (rpm,  th  - STYLE=superscript  e,erilemess  h  it  wai.delivered:as.their  statement.,  ;He  mild  alt  that  he  never,  for  one  moment,  supposed  that  eat  3.ny  membLr  took  in  the  eouneitrwhen  4Us 4Usiestions  iestions 4Usiestions  r*ltstiv  e  to  the  interests  of  the  town  :seamed  to  be  of  a  pers)nal  .character.L  It  wa  ant,  from  the  proceedings  of  t  -.44  .PQI4I .PQI4I  of  the  — STYLE=superscript  council,  wCZTVO.VI  painful  one,  that  th  lad  now  tur  place  into  a  perfect  atteaklipa  fess.  ho."
