text
"improved  steadily  till  the  Credit  fancier,  —;  Credit  tiobilier,  730  Orleans,  1,210;  Rouen,  1,0  835;  Strasburg,  925;  Bale,  370;  Lyor  diterranean,  732  350  ;  We  The  interferelicq  of  the  goterriment  with  legitimate  price  of  breati,  e.Offit  e  rri  e  d  by  tb tbof  of tbof  the  London  . STYLE=superscript  press;  with  one  has  found  ft3W  advocates  even  hei  or  two,  ministers  will  have  to  decid  will  persevere  in  the  some  other  expedient.  At  present,  the  of  Paris  and  the  department  of  the  Seine,  etits  hi  cheap  loaf  at  the  expense  of  all  the  rest  of  Prance  Could  any  reliance  be  placed  upon  French  patriot  Ali  appeal  might  have  been  made  weillthied4sess  to  niitigate  the  loss  of  the  bakers  by  paying  their  bvead  dt  its  real  value  ;  but  the  partisans  of,fornier  reginieS,  excluded  from  all  the  honours  p  c  }ad  duties  of  citizenship;  - STYLE=superscript  Would  probably  reply,  You  have  assumed  the  WhOle  tesponsi tesponsibility  bility tesponsibility  of  govermilent—if  your  measures  are  bad,  you  must  abide  by  the  In  the  meantime  the  reports  of  the  Cdrn  markets  con  tinue  unfavourable,  and  the  future  to  til(  not  to  bE  contemplated  without  grave  anxiety.  The  morning  papers  give  the  followina  tele  graphic  dispatch  ;  which  was  received  too  late  for  insertion  in  those  of  yesterday  evening  :  CONSTANTINOPLE,  Sept.  IR,  via  Trieste  The  refusal  of  lingsla  is  - STYLE=superscript  k  - STYLE=superscript  nown  at  Constanti Constantinople.  nople. Constantinople.  In  the  Divan,  the  war  and  peace  party  have  come  to  an  understanding  to  make  no  con concessions:  cessions: concessions:  Preparations  for  war  continue  without  In  consequence  a  the  appearance  of  cholera,  a  quarantine  of  five  days  juts  been  established  at  Odessa;  and  a  sanitary  cordon  &amp;In  Widdin  to  the  mouth  of  the  Sulina.  Thefe  is  little  worthy  of  extract  in  the  ieaditg  articles.  The  Journal  des  Debuts  has  the  following:  The  occupation.  of  the  provinces  on  the  one  side,  and  the  presence  of  the  combined  fleets  before  Constantinople,  represent  two  positions  taken  up;  they  are,  as  it  were,  two  advanced  pieces  on  the  great  c;hess•board  of  Europe,  the  opposed  parties  being  skilful,  the  game  may  last  a  long  There  has  been  much  discussion  both  in  France  and  England  as  to  the  object  of  what  must  be  considered  as  an  armed  interventi  say,  it  is  a  demonstration  against  Rus  that  it  is  to  protect  the  Sultan  again  subjects.  Disputants  might,  perhaps,  his  be  rec  cile  - STYLE=superscript  d  by  admitting  both  Aects  at  the  same  time.  But  wiih  regard  to  the  protection  of  Christian  residents,  the  following  dilemma  may  present  It  is  generally  admitted  that  Turkey  cannot  defend  herself  alone,  and  that  in  any  case  she  must  derive  her  strength  from  a  revival  of  the  religious  passions  of  past  ages,  and  the  fanaticism  of  her  ancient  faith.  But  we  must  beware  of  this  —if  we  ressuscitate  Mahomet,  he  will  make  no  subtle  distinctions  among  sects  of  Christians.  The  Koran  knows  no  difference  between  Catholics,  Protestants,  Greeks,  Methodists,  Presbyterians  or  Quakers.  In  the  - STYLE=superscript  eyes  of  the  true  Mussubnan,  all  are  alike  Giaours  to  be  exterminated  indiseri•  as  follon  If  the  Mussulmans  do  not  recover  their  former  religious  and  military  ardour,  they  will  be  unable  to  defend  themselves  ;  and,  if  I\Lthomet  revives,  he  may  turn  his  arms  against  ourselves,  his  allies  and  pro protectors.  tectors. protectors.  In  either  case,  the  combined  fleets  would  not  be  inactive.  The  Pays  is  silent  on  the  Eastern  question.  It  has  been  said  that  the  very  humble  and  pacific  tone  of  this  journal  has  been  censured  in  high  quart  3rs,  and.  that  the  article  which  I  quoted  yesterday  f  .om  the  Constitutionnel  was  intended  to  counter  ac  it.  But  the  Cabinet  is  said  to  be.  divided  ;  M.  Fo  ild  being  for  peace  at  any  price,  while  M.  M.  de  Per Persigny  signy Persigny  and  Drouin  de  l'Hys  advocate  war.  There  were  reports  yesterday  of  a  change  in  the  Ministry,  which  would  give  the  Finances  to  M.  Fould,  the  State  Ministry  to  M.  de  Persigny,  the  Bank  to  M.  Bineau,  and  the  Interior,  to  M.  Fromy.  The  Moniteur  gives  an  account  of  the  reception  of  their  Majesties  at  Amiens.  Their  Majesties  ar arrived  rived arrived  at  the  Northern  Railway  Station  in  Paris  yesterday  at  a  quarter  before  six  The  Madrid  &amp;=ette  of  the.2ith  contains  the  Go  vernment  alder  for  the  return  of  M.  Narvaez.  The  language  is  very  courteous.  It  is  whispered  indeed  that  the  new  Minister  San  Luis  is  a  creature  of  Narvaez.  The  Siecle  says  that  upwards  of  803  Poles  have  been  to  the  Turkish  embassy  to  offer  their  servfe  s  in  case  of  war.  The  lndependance  of  Brussels  states  on  the  au authority  thority authority  of  a  letter  from  Vienna,  that  in  the  audi audience  ence audience  which  the  Czar  gave  to  Lord  Westmoreland,  at  Olmutz,  he  again  protested  his  firm  desire  to  maintain  peace,  but  that  he  maintained  in  all  points  his  interpretation  of  the  note  of  Vienna.  The  Constadt  Gazette  .says  It  is  believed  that  the  Russian  troops  will  winter  in  the  Principalities.  Contracts  have  been  made  to  furnish  provisions  for  five  months.  A  meeting  of  the  shareholders  of  the  Rouen  and  Havre  railway  has  been  held  to-day,  and  a  divi dividend  dend dividend  of  18f.  declared.  The  market  has  been  steady.  Closing  prices  3  per  cents,  75.05  ;  4  per  cent.,  100.60  ;  Banks,  credit  fancier,  625;  mobilier,  730.  Shares  :—Or  leans,  1210  ;  Rouen,  1025  ;  Havre,  505  ;  Nord,  83750;  Strasburg,  92750  ;  Bale,  370  ;  Lyons,  900  ;  Mediterranean,  735  ;  Western,  705  ;  Central,  51750  ;  Cherburg,  605."
