text
"THE  COURT  WINDSOR,  JAN.  6.—The  Queen  and  Prince,  the  Prince  of  Wales,  the  Princess  Royal,  Prince  Alfred,  and  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  the  Ladies  and  Gentlemen  of  the  Court,  and  the  domestic  household,  attended  Divine  Service  this  morning  in  the  Private  Chapel  of  the  Castle,  The  Hon.  and  Very  Rev.  the  Dean  of  Windsor  performed  the  service,  SIR  Jas.  PARKS.-It  is  now  stated  that  this  estimable  gentleman,  will  on  his  accession  to  the  peerage,  take  the  title  of  Baron  Wensleydale,  of  Wensleydale,  in  the  county  of  York.  TUE  WAR  COUNCIL  IN  PARIS.—The  representatives  of  England  at  the  Military  Council  to  be  held  at  Paris,  viz.,  the  Duke  of  Cambridge,  Sir  E.  Lyons,  Sir  R.  Airey,  Sir  H.  Jones,  and  Admiral  Dundas,  leave  town  this  day  for  the  French  metropolis.  A  statement  :has  been  very  extensively  circulated,  to  the  effect  that  a  violent  attack  had  been  made  by  a  number  of  the  men  of  the  Crimean  army  on  the  quarters  of  the  correspondent  of  our  leading  morning  cotemporary,  in  consequence  of  his  statement  as  to  the  prevalence  of  drunkenness  among  the  soldiers.  We  deem  it  but  justice  to  the  troops,  whose  discipline  and  good  conduct  are  thus  impugned,  to  state  that  we  are  in  possession  of  positive  testimony  which  shows  the  entire  untruth  of  the  statement  in  question.  MINISTERIAL  MOVEMENTS.—On  Saturday  evening  sum summonses  monses summonses  were  issued  from  the  Foreign-office,  for  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Cabinet  on  Friday  next,  at  two  o'clock.  The  Earl  of  Clarendon,  who  has  been  detained  in  town  by  the  urgency  of  public  business  since  Thursday  last,  left  the  Foreign  -office  on  Saturday  evening,  to  join  the  Countess  and  family  at  the  Grove,  near  Watford.  The  noble  Earl  returned  to  the  metropolis  yesterday.  Sir  Charles  Wood  will  be  unable  to  absent  himself  from  town,  from  the  amount  of  public  duty  he  has  to  discharge  in  his  department  of  the  government.  Admiral  Sir  Edmund  Lyons  had  an  interview  with  the  First  Lord  on  Saturday  at  the  Admiralty.  The  Marquis  of  Lans Lansdowne  downe Lansdowne  will  continue  a  fortnight  longer  at  Bowood,  to  receive  company.  when  he  will  return  to  town,  to  assist  in  the  Councils  of  the  Ministry.  Sir  George  Grey,  whose  accident  while  out  hunting  with  the  Berkshire  hounds  has  previously  been  announced,  is  going  on  very  favourably.  The  right  hon.  baronet  has  determined  to  remain  in  town  for  the  season.  The  Earl  of  Harrowby  left  town  on  Saturday.  Lord  Panmure,  the  Lord  Chancellor,  the  Right  Hon.  M.  T.  Baines,  and  Lord  Stanley,  of  Alderley,  remain  in  town.  ILLNESS  OF  LORD  ADOLPRUS  FITZCLARENCE.—We  regret  to  learn  that  Rear-Admiral  Lord  Adolphus  Fitz.  Clarence  is  in  a  very  critical  state,  arising  from  a  relapse  of  gout,  from  a  stubborn  attack  of  which  the  noble  and  gallant  admiral  had  been  suffering  for  the  last  three  weeks.  Or.  Friday  morning  he  was  assailed  by  the  most  serious  symptom  s  ,  an  d  th  e  greatest  f  ears  were  enter entertained  tained entertained  when  the  members  of  his  lordship's  family  learnt  from  the  medical  attendants  that  their  patient  was  seized  with  gout  in  the  head.  Lady  Mary  Fox  and  Lady  Augusta  Gordon  Hallyburton  have  since  that  day  been  iu  constant  attendance  on  their  brother,  and  Viscount  and  Viscountess  Falkland  came  to  town  on  Friday  night  from  their  seat  in  Yorkshire,  and  have  continued  with  the  other  members  of  the  family  who  are  attending  the  sick  chamber  of  his  lordship.  His  Royal  Highness  the  Duke  of  Cambridge  called  at  midnight  on  Friday,  and  has  called  personally  daily  at  his  lordship's  residence  in  St.  James's  Palace.  Her  Majesty  and  his  Royal  High Highness  ness Highness  Prince  Albert  sent  by  telegraph  on  Sunday  morning  to  learn  the  condition  of  his  lordship  ;  and  the  Duchess  of  Gloucester  and  the  other  members  of  the  royal  family  have  made  anxious  inquiries  after  the  gallant  sufferer.  About  three  o'clock  on  Saturday  morning  a  decided  change  for  the  better  took  place,  and  Lord  Adolphus  continued  slightly  improved,  and  his  medical  advisers  held  out  hopes  of  his  lordship's  ultimate  recovery,  although  it  could  not  be  said  he  was  out  of  danger,"
