text
"INDIA  AND  CHINA.  TRIESTE,  23an.—The  steamer  Bombay  arrived  at  9.45  a.m.  from  Alexandria.  The  Indian  Mail  pro proceeds  ceeds proceeds  this  day  from  Alexandria  to  England,  with  dates  from  Calcutta  of  20th  ;  Madras,  24th  ;  Shang Shanghai,  hai, Shanghai,  2nd  ;  Amoy,  sth  ;  Hong-Kong,  11th  ;  Singa Singapore,  pore, Singapore,  18th  ;  Penang,  20th  ;  Galle?27th  ;  Bombay,  28th  November.  •  BIIRMAII,  22ND  OCT—The  accounts  from  Burmah  are  more  satisfactory.  In  Pegu  tranquillity  prevails,  and  the  Dacoites  are  disappearing.  Famine  no  longer  prevailing.  Viscount  Melville  is  appointed  to  command  the  Sornhed  district,  in  the  room  of  the  late  General  Godwin.  The  Peshawur  forces  .  have  been  strengthened.  Trade  in  Indigo,  fiat.  Exchange  at  Calcutta,  2s.  ld.  In  China,  the  insurgents  keep  firm  possession  of  Shanghai,  but  have  been  defeated  by  the  impe imperialists  rialists imperialists  at  Amoy.  The  Canton  Markets  have  improved.  Exchange  at  Canton,  ss.  2d.  Shanghai,  6s.  6d.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  SOUTHAMPTON,  SATURDAY.  — STYLE=superscript  The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  steam  packet  company's  steam.  ship  Euxine  (Captain  Meehan)  arrived  this  afternoon,  with  the  heavy  portion  of  the  East  India  and  China  mails.  Her  latest  dates  are  Alexandria,  December  Bth;  Malta,  12th,  and  Gibraltar,  18th.  She  had  on  board  4.7  passengers,  and  on  freight  11  boxes  of  specie,  besides  a  usual  cargo.  The  Euxine  has,  during  both  her  outward  and  homeward  voyage  experienced  very  strong  gales.  Her  Majesty's  steamer  Vesuvius  was  lying  at  Gibraltar.  The  Euxine  passed  the  Indus,  bound  for  Malta  on  the  13th  instant.  The  British  screw-steamer  Tiber  (Captain  John  Brooking)  arrived  at  Gibraltar,  from  Liverpool.  She  reports  that  on  the  17th  instant,  off  the  Bur Burly's,  ly's, Burly's,  she  passed  a  British  squadron,  consisting  of  two  line-of-battle  ships  and  four  frigates.  The  French  schooner  Hortense  arrived  at  Gibral Gibraltar;  tar; Gibraltar;  reports  having  seen  on  the  12th  instant  a  British  line-of-battle  ship  and  two  frigates  steering  eastward."
