text
"ContirtiWar  41)ffik  ON  ACCOUNT  OP  WHOM  IT  MAY  CONCERM.  •  On  TUESDAY  next,  the  4th  October,  at  Twelve  o'clock,  at  the  Broker's  Office,  500  Bales  JUTE,  all  faults,  lately  landed  by  sundry  vessels.—Apply  to  Messrs.  MAL MALcoLm,  coLm, MALcoLm,  CAMPBELL  and  Co.,  Merchants,  or  to  T.  and  11.  LITTLEDALE  &amp;  CO.,  Brokers.  On  TUESDAY  next,  the  4th  October,  at  Twelve  o'clock,  at  the  Broker's  Office,  3 STYLE=superscript  87  Bales  00 STYLE=superscript  Bundles STYLE=superscript  ) STYLE=superscript  Bombay  HEMP,  9  Cases  E.  I.  TALLOW.  Apply  to  T.  and  H.  LITTLEDALE  &amp;  CO.,  Brokers,  On  WEDNESDAY  next,  the  sth  October,  at  Twelve  o'clock,  at  the  Public  Sale-room,  500  500  Bagsßoxes  }  PEARL  SAGO,  900  Bags  Bombay  LINSEED,  20  Chests  GUM  ARABIC.  Apply  to  T.  and  11.  LITTLEDALE  &amp;  CO.,  Brokers,  On  THURSDAY  next,  the  6th  October,  at  Twelve  o'clock  at  the  Broker's  Office,  1266  Bags  RICE;  just  arrived,  per  Grasmere,  from  Moulmain,  Albert  Dock,  Apply  to  T.  and  IL  LITTLIDALE  &amp;  CO.,  Brokers.  SERVANTS  WANTING  SITUATIONS  PERSONS  WANTING  SERVANTS,  should  Advertise  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  CHARGT  SIXPI  Published  every  morning,  -- STYLE=superscript  at  19,  South  John-stre  , STYLE=superscript  Liverpool,  and  9,  Princess-street,  Manchester.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS  -  --  No  notice  can  be  take  n  o  f  anonymous  -  communicat  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authentic  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessaril  publication,  but  as  a  guarrantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communication  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  warded  to  the  Edit  or  mus  t  b  e  a  dd  resse  d  to  ie  Publi:  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  FRIDAY,  SEPTEMBER  30,  1853  WE  are  still  without  any  official  information  fi  our  Government  as  to  the  real  position  of  affairs  ir  the  East.  It  is  universally  acknowledged  that  from  what  has  transpired  between  Russia  and  Tur  key,  we  are  bound  to  oppose  Russia  by  force  and  that  steps  have  been  taken  by  our  Fleet  in  th  East,  which  amounts  to  a  commencement  of  hot:  tilities.  Beyond  this  we  really  know  nothing.  Th  London  Times  indeed  says  what  Count  NESSELRODE  Prince  MENSCHIKOFF,  and  a  thousand  others  say  The  Morning  Chronicle  tells  us  what  the  TELEGRAPH;  say.  The  Daily  News  repeats  what  its  own  say.  The  Morning  Herald  knows  more  than  it  will  venture  to  say.  Now  we  do  not  be  lieve,  that  anything  they  state  comes  within  th  4  widest  approximation  to  the  truth.  All  we  pre  tend  to  know  is,  that  all  the  saying  and  unsayint  of  the  London  press  has  produced  a  panic  in  thh  country.  While  hostilities  are  pending,  civilised  Europe  may,  indeed,  be  said  to  be  on  her  trial.  And,  as  m  brute  force  has  been  used,  the  conflict  is  one  o  feeling,  in  which  England  shows  mercy  to  her  nev  foe,  and  justice  towards  an  ally.  Thus,  with  he:  mighty  power  of  destruction,  bound  and  held  bacl  f'rom  the  bloody  deeds  of  war,  how  great,  how  glo  rious  the  captivity.  Peace  has,  indeed,  taught  u.  her  value  by  heaping  on  us  her  fruits.  These  sentiments  will  pass  for  nought,  only  wit  the  fool  and  the  knave;  but  we  care  not  for  the]  combined  scoffing  or  disregard  of  facts.  The  tru  honour  and  growing  greatness  of  our  country  sha  find  a  space  in  our  columns,  as  well  as  the  reeorc  of  that  wide-spread  diableism,  on  which  every  rigl  mind  must  look  with  horror  and  dismay.  Our  objettiu  these  ight  digressions  from  tl  record  of  dry  events,  or  empty  rumours,  is  to  give  to  war  those  photographic  touches  of  light  and  shade,  which  exalts  all  true  patriotism,  while  it  checks  the  march  of  brutish  thought.  When  we  speak  of  war,  we  know  too  well  the  terrible  woes  that  consummate  the  victor's  glory  or  seal  a  nation's  fall.  And  should  it  be  our  lot  to  record  the  victory  of  our  arms  over  the  hordes  of  benighted  Russian  serfs,  now  threatening  the  peace  of  Europe,  we  shall  discharge  our  duty  with  feelings  of  regret.  Still  we  cannot  let  one  thought  be  lost,  which  may  add  to  our  safety  and  success,  particularly  at  a  moment  when  the  pen  and  the  sword  are  required  to  guide  and  guard  the  country  through  her  perils.  In  a  war  with  Russia  we  have  more  to  fear  at  home  than  in  the  field.  A  pusilanimous  spirit  which  can  claim  no  kinship  with  the  manly  virtue  of  this  age,  and  knows  no  sympathy  but  that  which  aids  a  Despot  in  his  worst  designs,  requires  to  be  held  in  that  wholesome  terror  which  an  enlightened  Press  alone  can  make  a  traitor  or  an  evil-doer  feel.  In  the  absence,  then,  of  any  official  information  on  this  all-important  subject,  the  public  should  be  ten tenfold  fold tenfold  more  vigilant  ;  while,  in  the  meantime,  should  a  blow  be  struck,  we  will  labour  to  raise  a  spirit  of  national  indignation,  which  shall  hold  up  to  scorn  the  Englishman  who  is  seen  without  his  musket  and  his  belts,  until  the  key  of  the  Holy  Sepulchre  is  wrested  from  the  iron  grasp  of  the  Russian  fanatic,  and  deposited  by  the  in  stronger  if  not  purer  hands.  This  would  be  war  ;  and  nothing  short  of  the  possession  of  the  sacred  relic  will  crown  the  suc-  cess  of  our  arms,  or  satisfy  the  ends  of  our  diplo-  It  was  the  refusal  on  the  part  - STYLE=superscript  of  Turkey  to  surrender  up  the  sacred  key  to  the  guardianship  of  the  AUTOCRAT,  which  was  urged  by  him  as  his  rea  son  for  marching  troops  into  the  Turkish  territory,  This  fact  is  known  to  every  schoolboy  ;  and  we  ar€  told,  forsooth,  by  the  London  Times  of  3  That  the  designs  of  Russia  to  take  the  direction  of  the  Ottoman  Empire  is  perfectly  notorious,  and  that  it  is  the  imperative  duty  of  Europe  to  arrest  those  designs  is  acknowledged  with  equal  unanimity.  The  whether  what  the  EMPEROR  of  sterday—"
