text
"jeans  she  surpass  ine  of  the  States  ailel  and  with  inthe  Stant  to  Canada,  we  by  a  return  recently  difficulty.  in  New  Orlean  her  exports  of  wheat  alone  n  ns  eof STYLE=superscript  s  in  li  kis  h  o  e  a  n  r  eighteen  times  as  great  as  .  they  on  four  times  fifteen  to  lump  or  years  for  We  now  p•  Their  doublc  in  every  half  as  I  are  now  In  the  Ur  i,  in  addition  to  her  I  )f  Australia,  little  need  ~.Ad  productions  of  gold  r  oOft  - STYLE=superscript  t  in  ,  ti STYLE=superscript  lds  unrivalled.  In  1852,  she  exported  to  Eng-  sized.  Luckily  aboat  was  ~,,...  _  '  l STYLE=superscript  ,  u STYLE=superscript  £6,950,000  I  and  up  to  August  1,  1853,  no  less  Neile  and  Joseph  Armitage,  North  _Ent,  ...  4n STYLE=superscript  £  9 STYLE=superscript  ,500,000,  making  the  aggregate  amount  of  gallantly  rescued  the  three  boys.  When  the  gale  NN  '  d  £1 STYLE=superscript  6„450,000  in  the  short  space  of  one  year  its  height  a  barge,  name  unknown,  going  ahead  of  the  Ne,  Seven  months,  in  addition  to  which  we  find  was  reported  to  have  cut  away  her  foremast  to  enable  har  tk  ;vals  of  wool  for  the  October  and  Novem-  ride  it  out  more  easily,  and  the  shin  Toseph  Walker,  manner  I  Captain  Hoizie  was  driven  into  the  _Hui  Our  incre  sed  export  r STYLE=superscript  sales  are  42,989  bales.  of  Good  Hope  is  attributable  to  the  Lsson  basin  Clipper  ship,  Shooting  Star,  recentl  iskisson  dock,  arrived  from  Quebec,  in  the  II  had  her  fore-tc  uL  puttee  VI!  WU  11l  nnner  progressive  increas  .4uct,  •  population  and  I  nd  main  to  -masts,  togeth  We  could  eel  with  all  the  '  yards,  hieh  her  ratio  of  in-  carried  away  in  dock.  from  proof  of  the  violence  of  the  hurricane.  ~..  _  ,_,  entertained  for  vessels  outside.  At  the  pier  head,  som  persons  who  had  imprudently  ventured  too  near  the  edge  of  were  blown  into  the  river,  and  but  for  the  prompt  qtauders,  would  have  perished.  the  latter  of  ,  re  l  ie  - STYLE=superscript  'le  has  been  tenfold  in  every  ten  year  period  of  her  formation  to  the  pres  And  quantity  of  Cape  wool  received  for  I  4  1  - STYLE=superscript  -  136  bales,  to  which  we  have  I  „  rccly  have  more  cogent  looming  sales,  is  e  police  and  b'  vl STYLE=superscript  d,  he:  wine,  brandy  at  two  Hats"
