text
"SOHO  STREET  .RAGGED  SCHOOLS.  On  yesterday  the  children  of  these  schools  were  entertained  at  a  substantial  dinner  of  roast  beef  and  plum  pudding,  by  Thomas  Berry  Horsfall,  Esq.,  M.P.  It  was  served  in  the  police-station  at  Rose-hill,  which  was  kindly  placed  at  the  disposal  of  the  school  committee  for  the  occasion.  The  children,  boys  and  girls,  to  the  number  of  150,  headed  by  their  teachers,  and  a  band  of  musicians  composed  of  some  of  their  companions,  marched  into  the  room  at  one  o'clock,  and  after  they  had  sung  a  hymn,  proceeded  to  the  which  though  not  short,  was  evidently  and  The  band,  both  before  and  after  dinner,  played  a  variety  of  airs  in  a  very  praiseworthy  style.  Owing  to  the  consecration  at  Crosby,  Mr.  Horsfall  could  not  attend  ;  but  the  following  ladies  and  gentlemen  were  present  :—Mr.  and  Mrs.  Chilton,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  T.  D.  Anderson,  Mrs  Horsfall,  Mr.  L.  M.  Brodie,  Misses  Highfield,  Misses  Brownall.  Miss  Westrey,  Capt.  and  Mrs.  Greig,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Hubback,  Mr.  Board Boardman,  man, Boardman,  Mrs.  Mason,  New  Brighton  ;  Mrs.  Bull,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Langley,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Dean,  Mr.  James  Gillespie,  Mr.  James  Brougham,  cousin  to  Lord  Brougham;  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Heath,  &amp;c.  Mr.  David  Peake,  Richmond-row,  gratuitously  supplied  the  knives  and  forks,  table-linen,  &amp;c.  As  an  instance  of  the  advantages  of  such  institutions,  we  may  mention  that  one  of  the  assistants  present  was  himself  the  pupil  of  a  ragged  school.  He  was  taken  off  the  streets  just  as  he  was  about  to  plunge  into  the  course  of  wickedness,  pursued  but  by  too  many.  He  attended  assiduously  to  his  school  duties,  and  he  now  fills  a  situation  of  considerable  trust  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Hubback,  the  secretary.  Dinner  having  been  partaken  of  by  the  children,  Mr.  HUBBACK,  secretary  of  the  institution,  then  addressed  them.  He  expressed  his  regret  that  others  were  not  pre present  sent present  whose  voices,  being  less  familiar  to  them  than  his,  might  impress  them  more.  However,  although  his  voice  was  familiar  to  them  he  trusted  it  would  prove  instructive.  In  the  first  place  he  should  tell  them  that  for  the  entertain entertainment  ment entertainment  of  that  day  they  were  indebted  to  a  kind  gentleman  who  had  been  unable  to  be  present.  He  alluded  to  Mr.  Horsfall,  with  whose  name  they  were  no  doubt  familiar,  and  who  was,  as  they  were  aware,  one  of  the  representatives  of  the  borough.  It  was  he  and  he  alone  who  hadinneentect  to  them  that  eumptuous  repast,  and  he  hoped  they  would  all  feel  thankful  to  Mr.  Horsfall  for  his  kindness.  There  was  one  way  in  which  they  could  express  their  thanks  to  Mr.  Horsfall,  and  only  one—and  that  was  to  be  all  good  boys  and  good  girls.  Yesterday  he  (Mr.  Hubbock)  had  told  them  one  reason,  in  fact  the  great  reason,  why  Christmas  was  a  time  of  rejoicing,becauit  that  uponthat  day  the  Saviour  of  the  world  was  born,  previous  to  whose  coming  upon  earth  there  was  nothing  but  darkness  and  wickedness  upcn  the  whole  face  of  the  globe,  but  he  came  and  he  showed  them  the  way  in  which  men  should  live,  and  how  they  should  be  prepared  to  die.  His  great  mode  of  teaching  was  by  kindness,  and  by  showing  how  to  avoid  all  the  bad  passions  which  so  often  disturbed  the  minds  of  men.  He  taught  that  in  place  of  men  beating  their  enemies  they  should  love  them.  Since  his  time,  and  throughout  all  ages,  that  day  had  been  kept  as  a  day  of  rejoicing,  and  hence  it  was  that  they  were  met  to  day,  and  he  hoped  an  impression  had  been  made  upon  their  minds  by  which  they  would  ever  remember  Christmas  as  a  day  of  joy  and  a  day  of  happiness.  Now,  what  was  required  of  them  in  return  for  the  kindness  which  had  been  shown  them,  was  simply  this—they  could  not  do  much,  but  still  they  could  do  something:  Each  of  them  in  their  own  little  sphere  could  show  to  those  who  did  not  know  the  kindly  feelings  which  had  been  taught  to  them,  how  they  ought  to  live,  and  how  they  i  ought  to  act.  The  speaker  here  illus illustrated  trated illustrated  the  greater  influence  of  kindness  than  harsh  command,  by  the  fable  of  the  sun  and  wind  contending  which  should  compel  the  traveller  to  give  up  his  cloak;  and  observed,  that  from  that  fable,  they  .  could  learn  a  great  deal  of  truth.  The  truth  which  they  might  learn  was  simply  this  :  that  they  could  never  make  people  to  love  them,  and  could  never  get  what  they  wanted  by  using  strong  harsh  words.  They  must  try  by  little  expressions  of  affection,  by  little  atten attentions,  tions, attentions,  and  not  by  any  bad,  coarse,  strong  language  ;  and  by  using  kindness,  by  using  affection  towards  all  around  them,  they  would  find  th  w STYLE=superscript  at  parties  who  might  have  opposed  them  in  what  they  wanted,  would  act  like  the  man  with  the  cloak  in  the  fable,  and  throw  all  these  bad  passions  and  their  feelings  of  opposition  aside.  He  trusted  that  that  day  would  not  in  any  way  be  forgotten  by  one  of  them,  and  that  the  kindness  which  had  been  shewn  to  them,  would  act  as  a  stimulant  upon  them  throughout  the  remainder  of  the  time  that  they  continued  in  connection  with  the  schools  in  Soho Sohostreet.  street. Sohostreet.  They  knew  that  one  good  action  deserved  another.  Mr.  Horsfall  had  been  kind  to  them  ;  and  in  return  for  that  kindness,  and  the  kindness  which  had  been  shewn  to  them  by  all  their  friends,  they  should  evince  attention  to  their  classes,  industry,  and  a  desire  to  learn  that  which  they  knew  they  should  learn,  in  order  to  get  an  honest  li  ve  lih  oo  d  ;  f  or  ,  as  he  had  often  told  them,  there  was  not  a  single  boy  or  girl  who  went  into  the  schools  in  Soho-street,  who  would  not,  if  they  did  their  duty,  succeed,  .go  forward  in  life,  get  into  situations,  and  not  only  get  into  situations,  but,  by  following  the  course  which  was  taught  them  in  these  schools,  keep  them  and  prosper.  He  would  not  be  satisfied  himself,  nor  would  other  members  of  the  committee,  until  they  made  the  Soho-street  schools  the  very  best  schools  in  Liverpool.  The  boys  and  girls  there  ought  to  be  the  very  best  in  Liverpool.  lefauy  peumma  watohcd  uvc.  thew.  Thule  wua  not  a  lady  or  gentlemen  upon  the  committee  who  would  not  give  the  very  clothes  off  their  backs  if  it  would  do  good  to  the  pupils  of  these  schools.  Now,  they  all  knew  the  way  to  prosper  in  the  world  and  do  good.  The  course  had  been  very  often  set  before  them,  and  if  they  did  not  follow  it,  it  would  not  be  the  fault  of  the  committee.  Whose  fault,  then,  he  asked  them,  would  it  be  ?  Several  of  the  boys  and  girls  here  replied,  our  Mr.  HUBBACK  said  he  was  satisfied  that  they  felt  the  responsibility,  and  if  they  felt  that  it  depended  upon  them themselves  selves themselves  they  would  succeed.  Let  every  one  of  them  make  up  his  mind  that  if  he  was  not  able  to  read  now  he  would  read  in  a  month,  that  if  he  could  not  write  now  he  would  write  in  a  month,  and  let  them  all  be  determined  to  get  situations,  and  determined  to  succeed,  and  if  they  were  so  determined  he  hoped  that  none  of  them  would  ever  be  in  that  place  again,  except  upon  the  occasion  on  which  they  were  now  assembled.  They  should  also,  after  thanking  Mr.  Horsfall,  thank  the  watch  committee  of  Liverpool,  for  the  kind  man manner  ner manner  in  which  they  had  granted  the  use  of  that  noble  room  upon  that  occasion.  They  might  perceive  that  there  were  hundreds  in  Liverpool  who  cared  for  them.  He  trusted,  therefore,  that  none  of  them  would  prove  undeserving  of  the  kindness  which  had  been  shown  to  them,  but  that  they  would  show,  by  a  course  of  good  conduct,  that  the  t  appreciated  every  effort  which  had  been  made  for  their  advantage.  The  speaker  t  1  en  concluded  his  address,  which  was  loudly  ap applauded  plauded applauded  by  his  hearers.  Mr.  HEATH  then  addressed  the  party.  He  observed  that  had  he  not  been  forewarned  before  he  came  into  the  room,  he  would  have  been  very  much  alarmed  to  have  heard  that  the  ragged  school  children  were  in  the  hands  of  the  police.  But  even  if  he  had  not  been  so  forewarned,  that  alarm  would  have  disappeared  when  he  saw  that  they  were  not  only  under  the  kind  guardianship  of  the  police,  but  in  their  very  house;  because  he  knew  that  upon  that  occasion  the  police,  as  rep  resented  by  their  chief  constable,  Captain  Greig,  had  been  their  very  best  friend.  It  was  with  Captain  Greig  that  the  suggestion  arose  for  their  assembling  in  the  station  ;  and  therefore  though  the  police  might  be  a  word  of  terror  and  danger  to  the  evil  doers,  to  those  who  did  well  they  were  good  and  kind  friends.  He  (Mr.  Heath)  wished  to  improve  that  little  circumstance  by  impressing  upon  them  that  it  was  just  the  same  way  their  heavenly  Father  stood  towards  them.  He  was  a  terror  to  the  sinner,  but  he  did  not  desire  to  be  a  terror  ;  on  the  contrary,  he  desired  most  earnestly  to  be  a  father  and  a  friend  to  all.  If  they  were  good,  he  would  be  a  friend  to  them;  but  if  they  hid  their  face  from  him,  when  their  conscience  smote  them  for  breaking  his  laws,  then  in indeed  deed indeed  would  he  be  a  terror  to  them.  Mr.  Hubback  had  ex explained  plained explained  to  them  the  occasion  they  were  there,  and  there therefore  fore therefore  it  was  unnecessary  for  him  (Mr.  Heath)  to  remind  them  that  they  celebrated  on  that  day  the  anniversary  of  our  Saviour's  birth;  but  he  would  recall  to  their  recollection  the  beautiful  language  of  the  angels  to  the  shepherds,  when  announcing  the  Glory  be  to  God  on  high,  and  peace  on  earth  to  men  of  good  Those  words  should  operate  on  all  christian  hearts,  and  it  was  in  consequence  of  the  words  of  Christ,  that  they  (the  children)  had  so  many  friends  who  were  anxiously  desirous  of  promoting  their  wel welfare  fare welfare  and  benefit.  In  that  word  good  what  a  great  deal  was  expressed.  On  the  present  occasion,  it  expressed  that  they  should  have  all  the  proper  enjoyments  of  the  sea season  son season  ;  but  they  should  not  allow  Christmas  to  be  associated  in  their  mind  merely  as  a  day  of  roast  beef  and  plum  pud pudding;  ding; pudding;  no,  it  should  carry  to  their  minds  the  idea  of  a  spi spiritual  ritual spiritual  duty.  It  was  clear  that  God  meant  by  his  command commandment  ment commandment  peace  and  good  will  to  all,  and  therefore  he  (Mr.  Heath)  wanted  particularly  to  urge  on  them  the  necessity  of  bearing  this  in  their  hearts,  and  to  exhibit  it  not  only  in  their  out outward  ward outward  actions,  when  under  the  eye  of  their  masters  and  friends,  but  on  all  occasions,  and  to  all.  Let  them  not  suppose  that,  because  they  were  poor  children,  they  were  incapable  of  doing  or  showing  kindness  to  those  above  them.  It  was  in  their  power  to  make  their  own  homes  comfortable,  and  by  their  example  to  reclaim  from  their  drunken  and  vicious  habits  their  too  negligent  fathers  and  friends.  Mr.  Heath  strongly  impressed  this  point  on  his  youthful  audience,  and  concluded  by  calling  on  them  for  three  cheers  for  Mr.  Horsfall.  The  call  was  promptly  responded  to,  after  which  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  terminated.  LIST  OF  PASSENGERS  PER  ROYAL  MALL  STEAM-SHIP  EuRoPA,  no  NEW  Yonx,  14th  DECEMBER,  1853,—Mr.  Antonio  Palacio,  lady  and  child  ;  Mr.  H.  G.  Wheaton  ;  Mrs.  T.  Dyamond;  Miss  A.  Dyamond;  Mr.  Parnell,  lady  and  child;  Mr.  Marryat,  lady  and  child;  Messrs.  R.  W.  Sykes,  I.  S.  Oxley,  C.  Miming,  S.  Spittaler,  Roasin,  Murray,  M.  Rothschild,  J.  A.  Knight,  Wade,  Denholm,  Winslow,  H.  C.  Speldon,  W.  Chambers,  J.  Howard,  and  servant,  H.  C.  Becton,  Riker,  Harty,  Shaw,  Millet,  Corseret,  E.  Ryan,  R.  Reid,  Manelino  Palacio,  Broadbent,  and  lady  ;  Messrs.  T.  Savandero,  R.  Coleman,  Tilghman,  A.  Molson,  Chevalier,  Muller,  J.  Dunkin,  W.  R.  Morgan;  Mrs.  Condon,  M.  Hughes,  and  two  children;  Messrs.  McAuslan,  J.  Koch,  J.  B.  Price,  D.  Leslie,  G.  W.  Stuart,  G.  R.  R.  C.  Wells,  N.  Davis,  Frehon,  A.  Raskeway,  Martin,  Fitz  Milner,  J.  Lucas,  U.  A.  Franco,  D.  Farquharson,  M.  Mellis.  DRUNKENNESS  IN  LIVERPOOL.—There  were  upwards  o  150  persons  brought  before  the  magistrates,  at  the  police.  office,  yesterday,  charged  with  being  drunk  and  disorderl;  on  the  preview  day."
