text
"Pubifrationst4  THE  LARGEST  CIRCULATED  NEWSPAPER  IN  WALES.  THE  CARNARV  ON  and  DENBIGH  HERALD  and  NORTH  and  SOUTH  WALES  IN INDEPENDENT,  DEPENDENT, INDEPENDENT,  price  6d,  with  SUPPLEMENT  GRADS,  is  printed  at  Carnarvon  every  Friday  Evening,  in  time  for  delivery  throughout  the  country  early  on  Saturday  Mornings  The  possesses  the  largest  circulation  of  an.  newspaper  printed  in  Wales  or  Cheshire  (vide  last  House  of  Commons  return),  and,  from  its  high  character  among  pro provincial  vincial provincial  journals,  offers  decidedly  the  best  medium  for  adver advertising  tising advertising  in  the  principality.  The  present  scale  of  charges  is  as  follows  :  Ito  2  lines.  •  3  lines.  ls  6d.  6  lines.  .2s  Od.  9  lines  and  so  on,  sixpence  for  every  three  lines  up  to  21  (4s  6d),  afterwards  sixpence  for  every  two  additional  lines.  When  the  advertisement  is  above  is,  a  discount  will  be  allowed  on  these  charges  for  a  number  of  insertions  paid  for  in  cash.  Post-office  orders  to  be  made  payable  to  James  Rees,  pro proprietor.  prietor. proprietor.  _  _  Average  weekly  circulation  of  the  during  the  last  three  months,  above  1,700  ;  average  weekly  circulation  during  the  past  month,  2,000.  Agent  for  Liverpool,  Mr.  HENRY  GREENWOOD,  Advertising  Office,  16,  Canning Canningplace.  place. Canningplace.  IMPORTANT  ADVERTISING  MEDIUM.  THE  WOLVERHAMPTON  and  STAFFORD STAFFORDSHIRE  SHIRE STAFFORDSHIRE  HERALD,  and  Birmingham,  Shropshire,  and  Midland  Counties  Advertiser,  is  one  of  the  best  circulated  papers  in  the  wealthy  and  densly-populated  districts  of  South  Staffordshire,  the  great  iron  and  m  i  n  i  ng  district  ;  is  universally  read  in  Wolverhampton,  Birmingham.  Dudley,  Walsall,  Stourbridge,  Lichfield,  Bilston,  Wednes Wednesbury,  bury, Wednesbury,  Oldbury,  Darlaston,  Kidderminster,  Burton-on-Trent,  and  in  the  adjoining  counties  of  Worcestershire,  Shropshire,  and  Warwickshire.  The  locality  stands  unrivalled  for  the  gigantic  character  of  its  manufacturing  operations,  vast  resourapg,  high  oommoroial  ontorpriso,  and  ita  toaminF  popu population,  lation, population,  containing,  as  it  do  es  ,  no  t  l  ess  th  an  600,000  inhabi inhabitants.  tants. inhabitants.  Extensively  circulating  throughout  so  important  and  fertile  a  field  of  human  industry,the  'Herald&#34;  is  unquestion unquestionably  ably unquestionably  a  first-rate  medium  for  auctioneers,  insurance  offices,  public  companies  and  societies,  professional  men,  merchants,  factors,  tradesmen,  and  general  advertisers.  The  liberal  charges  adopted  bythe  proprietors  of  the  has  secured  for  that  journal  a  most  extensive  patronage.  The  Herald  is  published  every  Wednesday  morning  on  a  sheet  as  large  as  the  at  the  office,  Snow-hill.  Wolverhampton.  Price,  by  subscription,  ss.  6d.  per  half halfyear.  year. halfyear.  IMPORTANT  TO  ADVERTISERS  IN  IRELAND.  The  most  widely-circulated  3-day  journal  in  Ireland.  THE  NORTHERN  WHlG,Publislied  in  Belfast.  The  latest  Government  stamp  returns  show  thae  The  Northern  maintains  a  high  pre-eminence  over  the  entire  provincial  press  of  Ireland,  and  that  only  one  metropolitan  3-day  journal  equals  it  in  circulation.  As  an  Advertising  medium  it  consequently  offers  advantages  which  few  Irish  journals  can  afford.  The  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  duty  has  caused  the  adoption  of  a  new  and  very  much  reduced  scale  of  charges— chargesviz  viz chargesviz  :  Under  10  lines  (or  75  words)  2s.  Od.  Every  additional  line  .........  Os.  4d.  With  a  large  reduction  for  second  and  subsequent  insertions.  Contracts  for  Advertising  by  the  year,  half-year,  and  quarter,  will  be  taken  on  the  lowest  terms  compatible  with  the  extensive  and  valuable  publicity  afforded  by  its  large  and  influential  circulation.  To  London,  Liverpool,  and  Manchester  advertisers  in  particular,  it  offers  especial  advantages,  by  bringing  their  announcements  under  the  notice  of  so  enterprising  and  large  a  section  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  The  Northern  contains  the  fullest  and  most  accurate  intelligence  on  all  subjects,  and  a  peculiar  system  of  market  prices  of  every  description  of  produce,  which  will  be  found  of  essential  importance  to  merchants  and  traders.  The  Northern  is  published  every  TUESDAY,  THURSDAY,  and  SATURDAY,  with  a  supplement  on  Saturday,  at  the  office,  6,  Calender-street,  Belfast.  Yearly  subscription,  £2  10s.  ;  half-yearly,  £1  ss.  ,  quarterly,  12s.  6d.,  payable  in  advance.  All  communications  to  be  addressed  to  the  Proprietors,  FRANCIS  D.  FINLAY  and  SON.—Belfast,  September  1853."
