text
"AUSTRIA  The  Vienna  correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chro Chronicle,  nicle, Chronicle,  under  date,  Sept.  27,  says  that  official  news  from  the  principalities  states  that  the  Russians  con continue  tinue continue  to  fortify  themselves,  and  that  they  will  not  leave  this  winter.  The  Russian  government  in intended  tended intended  to  join  Austria  in  the  policy  which  the  Cabinet  of  Vienna  will  have  to  adopt  towards  the  United  States.  The  Allgemeine  Zeitung  has  received  the  follow following  ing following  communication  from  Paris,  under  date  of  the  19th  inst.,  in  reference  to  the  newest  phase  of  the  Oriental  question.  •'  France  and  England  have  come  to  an  understanding  with  respect  to  all  eventualities  in  the  Orient.  The  Padishahwill  and  must  accede  to  the  Russian  demands,  agreeably  to  the  tenor  of  the  Vienna  note.  With  respect  to  the  possible  occupation  of  Constantinople  by  English  and  French  troops,  in  so  far  as  the  old-Turkish  fanatic  -  render  protective  measures  in  favour  of  the  Sultan  r  diplomatic  acts  arc  at  this  moment  kir.  Russia.  The  St.  Petersburg  Cabinet  does  .ssary,  with  iect  to  such  an  interference,  but  will  not,  of  course  - STYLE=superscript  ,  e  principalities  as  long  as  this  occupation  of  the  Turkish  capital  may  last.  The  pecuniary  embarrassments  of  the  Divan  are  very  great.  It  is  stated  that  English  subsidies,  in  the  shape  of  a  loan,  had  wandered  to  Constantinople,  but  that  these  auxiliary  sums  have  been  already  The  National  Zeitung  has  the  following  from  the  Russian  Polish  frontier  :  It  has  been  repeated  to  us  by  a  well-informed  party  that  the  questions  which  have  been  directed  by  Count  Nesselrode  to  the  Porte  were  forwarded  at  the  same  time  to  Vienna  and  to  Constantinople.  It  is  very  possible  that  the  Cabinet  of  St.  Petersburg  wished  by  this  means  to  re-open  direct  nego negotiations  tiations negotiations  with  the  Porte,  and  to  re-establish  a  more  convenient  position,  in  order  to  sum  up  the  question  more  concisely,  and  to  offer  to  Turkey  the  opportunity  of  resuming  direct  negoti negotiations  ations negotiations  with  Russia:  If  this  be  so,  it  would  at  all  events  be  a  very  clever  and  adroit  manoeuvre  at  a  moment  when  the  English  and  French  allies  of  the  Porte  are  beginning  to  reproach  ."
