text
"HEALTH  COMMITTEE.-Yi§T;RDAT.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  Committee  was  held  at  half-past  two  o'clock,  yesterday,  in  the  Council  Chamber,  Town-hall,  Mr.  Lanpdale  in  the  chair.  Other  members  present—Messrs.  Beckwith,  Hodson,  Mc  Guffie,  D.wer,  A.  Stewart,  Ilaydock,  Tione,  Johnson,  Shied,  J.  Holm°,  Crosthwaite,  Godfrey,  Robertson  Gladstone,  BLAUGHTER-HOUSES  IN  THE  BOROUGH.  Mr.  flaydock,  pursuant  to  the  notice  which  he  gave  in  the  matter,  moved  that  the  license  for  the  slaughter-house  in  Plumb-street  be  withdrawn  at  the  expiration  of  three  month  Mr.  Dover  seconded  the  motion,  Mr.  Hodson  moved,  as  an  amendment,  that  a  sub-com sub-committee  mittee sub-committee  be  appointed  to  consider  the  subject  of  slaughter  houses,  relative  to  their  removal  entirely  out  of  the  town.  The  slaughter-house  in  Plumb-street  might  be  oli.ctionable,  hut  ;o  we►e  many  other  slaughter.hunses  in  the  town,  and  under  stick  circumstances,  and  in  the  present  state  of  the  law  it  would  be  a  herdsbip,  he  thought,  to  single  out  AI:.  Clarke  as  a  Mr.  McGuffie  seconded  the  aniendthent,  and  observed  that  there  were  other  premises  of  a  like  nature.  those  in  question.  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Beckwith  considered  that  the  whole  question  should  be  entertained  before  any  individual  was  selected  as  a  victim,  unles,  in  the  event  of  a  medical  officer  ileclarin  i  g  that  it  was  a  Mr.  Robertf,ciiC  4auzhter-  were  in  the  tie  public  would-;11  about  the  nuisar  preseut,  but  here  they  were  placed  town  where  the  poor  and  werlting  classes,  resided.  The  comf,rts  of  their  homes  were  of  far  more  importance  to  the  han  to  .  the  rich,  and  when  their  homes  were  tlina  able  by  what,  under  the  moat  favourable  or  less  a  nuisance,  -was  it  any  rendered  disagr  circums,tanees,  would  be  more  wonder  that  the  jails  were  filled?  finials  in  their  death  stru  Was  it  any-  wonder,  the  filling  their  r.should,go  to  the:  pubic-house,  and  the  son  on  the  strorts,  or  that  the  wife  and  mother  should  have  to  look  for  them  w:l4.  re  they  could  be  found—in.  jail?  Reformatory  in institutions  stitutions institutions  were  no  doubt  good,  awl  wel.  merited  the  confidence  and  approval  of  the  public,  but  it  was  i  i  vain  to  administer  aid  in  the  wroci7  spot—they  should  go  to  where  the  wound  was.  If  the  poor  man's  home  were  not  made  comfortable  it  was  in  vain  o  expect  that  he  would  sit  quietly  there..  He  was  naturally  opposed  to  .  the  selection  of  any.  •  individual,  and  thus  to  him  a  victim  for  tho  benefit  of  all,  and  on  that  ground,*  though  otherwise  with  feelings  of  •regret,.  he  should  oppos6  the  motion  of  Mr.  Haydock.  He  thought  the  subject  should  be  considered  as  a  whole,  and  that  the  nuisance,  which  was  also  the  source  of  demoralisation,  should  be  removed  to  the  outskirts  of  the  town,  where  :  .it  could  do  no  harm  to  any  one,  and  could  have  no  prejudicial  .effect  on  the  homes  of  the  poor  and  working  classes  of  the  community.  (Rear,  hear.)  Mr.  A  Stewart  concurred  with  Mr.  Gladstone.  Mr.  Dover  said  that  on  the  general  principle  he  was  in  favour  of  the  amendment,  but,  as  it  could  bring  no  relief  for  more  than  one  or  two  years,  if  so  soon,  as  a  special  act  of  parliament  should  be:obtained  for  the  purpose,  he  should  vote  for  the  removal  of  any  particular  nuisance  when  brought  under  their.  notice.  ,  The  medical  officer  stated  that  the  place  was  in  nowise  changed  since  the  license  bad  been  granted.  The  sewer  leading  from  the  slaughter-house  was  opened  within  the  past  week,  and  no  refuse  found  in  it,  and  furthermore  the  inspector  stated  that  Mr.  Clarke's  premises  were  always  kept  in  the  cleanest  order.'  Mr:  Shell  thought  that  a  subject  of  greater  interest,  or  more  importance  could  not  be  brought  before  the  committee,  and  he  trusted  that  no  effort  would  be  left  untried  until  the  nuisance  had  been  abated.  They  were  told  that  the  finances  of  the  borough  would  not  permit  them  to  enter  on  works  such  as  that  involved  in  the  question  before  them,  and  which  was  demanded  by  the  health  of  the  town,  and  essential,  as  Mr.  Gladstone  bad  properly,  pointed  out,  to  the  social  welfare  of  the  people  ;  but  when  he  considered  that  upwards  of  £l,OOO  had  been  spent  in  the  opening  of  St.  George's-hall.  and  nearly  £2,000  iWentertaining  a  royal  duke  on  a  late  occasion,  he  did  think  it  disgraceful  that  a  public  ,  body,  entrusted,  as  the  corporation  was,  with  the  interests  awl  health  of  the  town,  Should  .  plead  inability,  on  the  ground  of  the  state  of  their  finances,  to  perform  an  essential  duty,  lie  trusted  that  the  committee  would  urge  the  matter  on  the  council,  and  that  they  would  not  be  deterred  by  any  such  financial  argument.  The  amendment  was  then  pu~  and  carried.  The  original  motion  was  accordingly  lost.  The  sub-committee  was  then  named  by  Mr.  Hodson.  With  regard  to  the  much-vexed  question,  of  the  permission  granted  to  a  gentleman  to  make  an  area  before  his  house  in  Albert-street,  it  turned  out  on  the  examination  of  his  le.se  OA  he  was  entitled  to  it  as  a  right.  This  finale  of  the  matter,  which  h.d  been  discussed  both  in  the  count-tit  and  the  committee  with  gloat  warmth  and  energy,  caused  much  amu,e amu,e-ment.  ment. amu,e-ment.  Several  letters  in  reference  to  ,the  Smoke  nuisance  wcr  referred  to  the  sub-committee.  HE  kLTH  OF  THE  TOWN,  The  medical  officer  of  repo-ted  that  in  the  week  ending  on  the  26:u  Jan.,  227  deaths  were  registered  in  the  borough,  being  25  less  than  in  the  previous  week,  and  12  less  than  the  corr  cted  average  of  the  same  week  of  the  preceding  seven  years.  Of  the  deaths  131  were  in  the  parish,  and  76  in  the  out-town  hips.  The  mortality  from  diseases  of  the  zymotic  class  was  lower  than  in  any  week  of  the  preceding  six  tn  , STYLE=superscript  mths.  Of  59  deaths  20  were  from  pooping-cough,  13  from  scarlatina  (less  than  in  airy  week  since  last  Auzit,-0,  7  from  measles,  4  from'tvplinti,  2  (idol's)  from  small  pox,  one  having  been  vacitiated  in  infancy.  From  diseases  of  the  lungs  and  consumption  there  were  93  deaths,  a  number  which  has  been  only  once  exceeded  since  the  month  of  March.  A  commercial  traveller,  aged  46,  died  of  delirium  tremens.  Of  the  227  who  died,  129  were  below  20  years  of  age,  73  between  20  and  60,  and  25  between  GO  and  90.  The  borough  engineer,  bui!dinz  surveyor,  an  l  inspector  of  nuisances,  reported  various  particulars  of  the  operations  in  their  several  dtpartments  during  the  week,  from  which  it  appearel  that  85  nuisances  complained  of  by  inhabitants  had  been  iris'irc:f4,  and  means  taken  to  reint!ily  them,  563  houses  in  the  iii  ,l STYLE=superscript  iealthiest  districts,  containing  2,019  apartments,  and  341  cellars,  had  been  put  under  exti.utination,  with  the  view  of  their  sanitary  condition,  and  80  lodging  houses  had  also  Oxen  examined  aril  repotted  upon.  The  committee  then  adjourned."
