text
"Evidence  in  support  of  the  defendants'  case  was  about  to  be  tendered  when  The  jury  asked  if  it  was  necessary  that  it  should  be  proceeded  with  ?  Even  assuming  the  defendants  should  prove  the  whole  case  as  opened  by  their  counsel,  they  were  unanimously  of  opinion  that  it  was  no  answer  to  the  action.  Some  conversation  ensued  upon  this,  and  ultimately  a  verdict  was  returned  for  the  plaintiffs,  for  such  damages  as  they  should  prove  upon  reference  they  had  sustained  by  Lee's  defalcations.  Verdict  for  the  plaintiffs.  The  Submarine  European  Telegraph  Companies  have  opened  offices  in  Chatham  and  Canterbury.  An  inquest  was  held  in  Manchester,  on  „Monday,  on  the  body  of  Judith  Barker,  aged  8,5,  who  died  from  a  fall,  in  which  her  head  came  in  contact  with  an  iron  holdfast.  On  the  same  day,  an  inquest  was  held,  touching  the  death  of  Mary  Clemenson,  Ancoat-street.  She  had  been  ill  for  a  fortnight,  and  on  the  morning  of  her  death,  the  evidence  showed  that  her  husband  said  to  the  deceased,  Give  me  my  money.  The  deceased  said  she  had  not  any  money.  The  husband  had  not  been  sober  for  three  weeks,  and  the  previous  night  he  went  to  bed  drunk.  With  an  oath  be  told  the  deceased  that  he  would  knock  her  two  eyes  into  one,  And  then  the  niece  heard  the  blows.  The  brute  then  went  and  got  drunk,  having  got  19s.  from  the  niece.  At  ten  o'clock  in  the  morning  she  died.  The  doctor,  however,  deposed  that  the  woman  was  not  injured  by  the  bro  ws  ,  b  ut  died  of  asthma.  V  er  di  ct  accordingly.  THE  ST.  JOHN'S  N.  B.  AND  LIVERPOOL  LINE  OF  PACKETS  :—The  St.  John's  Freeman,  in  reference  to  this  well-appointed  line  of  packets,  says  :—lt  is  gratifying  to  be  able  to  say  that,  since  the  establishment  of  the  St.  John's  line  of  packets,  about  twelve  months  since,  not  a  single  death  has  occurred  on  the  passame.  This  fact  speaks  volumes  in  favour  of  the  line,  and  should  be  universally  known.  It  is  also  a  singular  fact,  and  one  that  all  shippers,  importers,  and  insurance  agents  should  be  aware  of,  that  since  the  establishment  of  the  line  not  a  single  claim  for  made,insl-  r  fe  we  goods  except  brought  tilat  fo  O  r  n  g  th  b  r  t  ee  by  h  o  t  r  h  s  e  e  s  s  o  b  v  e  e  l  ss  on  e  g  ls  in  h  g  as  to  be  th  en  e  province.  The  Eudocia  had  a  most  boisterous  passage,  several  vessels  havi  ng  b  een  l  ost  at  the  time,  yet  not  even  on  the  goods  bro  ug  ht  b  y  h  er  was  a  single  claim  made.  The  Imperial  brought  goods  to  the  value  of  £lOO,OOO,  on  which  the  underwriters  had  not  to  pay  a  dollar.  Importers  may  fairly  expect,  under  these  circumstances,  to  have  merchandise  importen  by  these  vessels  insured  at  a  very  low  rate.  THE  FIRE  ANNIHILATOR.—On  Saturday,  at  about  twelve  o'clock  at  noon,  a  fire  occurred  upon  the  premises  of  Mr.  Thomas  Gould,  coach  builder,  Princess-street;  Gravesend.  Mr.  White,  the  superintendent  of  police,  who  has  charge  of  the  annihilators,  together  with  Mr.  Aitkin,  the  serjeant-at serjeant-atmace,  mace, serjeant-atmace,  immediately  proceeded  there  with  the  annihilators.  On  their  arrival  they  found  that  the  fire  was  raging  in  an  up upstairs  stairs upstairs  bedroom,  which  appeared  to  be  full  of  flames.  When  Mr.  White  entered  the  house  and  proceeded  up  stairs  he  found  that  the  fire  had  just  burnt  through  the  wainscot  of  the  room,  and  the  flames  were  just  spreading  across  the  landing  to  the  rooms  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  staircase;  it  was  utterly  impossible  to  get  into  the  room,  and  so  he,  with  Mr.  Aitkin,  discharged  one  of  the  No.  5  twenty-two  pound  annihilators  through  a  hole  in  the  wainscot.  Almost  immediately  that  the  annihilating  atmosphere  entered  the  room,  the  flames,  as  if  by  magic,  dropped,  and  in  about  three  minutes  Mr.  White  and  Mr.  Aitkin  were  enabled  to  enter'the  room.  When  the  fire  was  got  under  it  was  clis cliscovered  covered cliscovered  that  in  addition  to  the  'room  having  been  on  fire  all  round,  the  flame  had  burnt  through  the  ceiling  and  commu  nicated  the  fire  to  the  roof  of  the  bullding.—lrentish  luck  pendent,  Dec.  17.  EXTRAORDINARY  NEWS  FROM  AUSTRALIA.—The  following  extraordinary  intelligence  is  contained  in  a  letter  received  by  Mr.  Joseph  Abraham,  of  Bristol,  from  a  relative  in  Hobart  Town,  and  kindly  handed•to  us  by  the  former  gentleman.  For  really  startling  intelligence  it  beats  every  thing  that  has  yet  reached  us  from  the  golden  land.  Mr.  Abraham,  from  the  personal  knowledge  which  he  has  of  his  relative,  knows  he  would  not  impose  upon  others,and  does  not  believe  he  is  likely  to  be  imposed  upon  himself.  If,  therefore,  the  account  be  true,  well  might  the  writer  say,  Goodness  only  knows  where  all  this  will  end  Some  conjectures  have  been  recently  ventured  that  the  auriferous  yield,  which  was  apparently  lessening,  had  seen  its  best  days;  but,  if  the  in intelligence  telligence intelligence  contained  in  the  subjoined  letter  be  true,  we  are  now  only  coming  to  a  genuine  deposit.  Well  may  it  be  called  a  quarry  of  if  18,000founces  have  been  taken  out  in  three  days  by  a  few  persons  Hobart  Town,  Sept.  8,  1853.—Knowing  how  deeply  interesting  any  news  respect respecting  ing respecting  Australia  must  be  to  you,  I  write  to  inform  you  of  a  great  discovery  that  has  again  been  made  on  the  Geelong  side,  about  56  miles  from  the  town.  They  have  been  digging  very  deep,  and  have  come  on  a  table  of  gold  about  100  feet  from  the  surface,  appa apparently  rently apparently  inexhaustible.  All  I  can  tell  you  respecting  it  is  that  the  people's  minds  are  partly  turned  from  the  immense  discovery.  Every  tubfull  of  earth  they  raise  from  these  holes  coutaira  pounds  weight  of  gold.  Tho  more  they  dig  the  more  inexhaustible  it  appears.  At  Geelong  a  tumult  has  broken  out  among  the  diggers.  The  government  has  sent  up  all  the  military  to  quell  the  disturbances,  and  the  marines  of  Her  Majesty's  ship  Electra  are  mounting  guard  at  the  Treasury,  and  the  sailors  of  the  above  steamer  of  war  mount  sentry  at  the  banks.  The  military  from  Van  Die Diemen's  men's Diemen's  Land  are  about  to  be  dispatched  to  Melbourne  to  aid  the  military  already  there.  Goodness  only  knows  how  all  this  will  end  !—Hobart  Town,  Sept.  5.  By  the  steamer  from  Geelong  this  day  I  find  that  a  gold  quarry  has  been  discovered  near  Geelong,  100  to  130  feet  from  the  surface  of  the  earth,  putting  all  other  diggings  in  the  shade  ;  18,000  ounces  have  been  taken  out  in  three  days  by  a  few  persons,  and'one  person  has  got  a  lump  weighing  190  pounds  in  one  solid  piece.  This  is  no  exaggeration,  and  the  greatest  ex excitement  citement excitement  Journal.  CHRISTMAS  DAY  IN  GOVERNMHNT  OFFrczs.--Lord  Pal Palmerston  merston Palmerston  will  probably  not  be  much  regretted  in  government  Offices,  which  are  singularly  forgetful  of  political  virtues,  and  wonderfully  addicted  to  personal  convenience.  Before  the  noble  lord  retired  from  office,  in  answer  to  an  inquiry  from  the  the  ,lord  mayor  of  London,  as  to  whether  the  26th  would  be  observed  by  government  in  the  manner  adapted  to  public  ex expectation.  pectation. expectation.  The  folowing  was  the  characteristic  reply  through  his  lordship's  secretary,  Mr.  Waddington  :—I  am  to  state  that,  as  regards  the  city  cf  London,  the  question  is  one  as  to  which  the  feelings  and  opinions  of  the  Mercantile  body  'would  pro probably  bably probably  have  a  main  influence  on  .:your  lordshiP's  decision.  tirith  respect  to  the  public  offices  of  the  government,  when  Christmas  day  falls  upon  a  week-day  if  is  made  a  holyday,  in  order  to  enable  persons  employed  in  those  departments  to  at attend  tend attend  to  the  religious  observances  belonging  to  that  day  ;  but,  as  in  the  present  year,  tlese  observances  will  have  been  duly  at attended  tended attended  to  on  the  Bunday,  the  25th,  there  does  not  ap appear  pear appear  to  Lord  Palmerston  to  be  any  good  reason  why  the  public  service  of  the  country,  should  be  stayed  and  im impeded  peded impeded  by  a  holyday  in  tie  government  offices  on  Monday,  the  26th  of  December,  whet  there  will  be  no  religious  observances  to  attend  to.  MORE  MARYLEBONE.—A  vestry  meet meeting  ing meeting  was  held  in  this  parisi,  on  Tuesday  eveniug,  when  it  was  proposed  to  contribute  £lOOO  from  the  parish  funds  towards  the  construction  of  the  ney  churches  about  to  be  erected  there.  amendment  was  mover  by  Sir  Joshua  Walmilej,  .M.P.,  but  was  lost  on  a  division  ly  20  to  3.  and  Co.,  as  soon  as  you  draw  on  them  for  an  amount  on  four  months  they  draw  on  us  for  the  same  amount  at  three  months,  thus  making  us  ad  vance  th  e  cash  lone  , STYLE=superscript  a  before  we  get  the  goods  to  be  sold.  If  you  were  our  agent  we  could  draw  on  you  at  90  days  to  meet  those  drafts,  and  thus  make  the  time  six  instead  of  three  months.  This  we  might  do  on  our  own  house  in  London,  but,  as  wehave  stated,  it  is  not  so  easy  to  negociate  our  bills.  This  holds  good  even  with  Harnden  and  Co's  bills  on  Now,  this  and  other  corres correspondence  pondence correspondence  to  the  like  effect,  which  would  be  read,  took  place  before  the  proposal  for  the  policy,  and  it,  therefore,  plainly  appeared  that  the  plaintiffs  contemplated  what  they  de described  scribed described  as  a  kiting  business  that  they  knew  the  credit  of  Harnden  and  Co.  was  not  good  in  the  market,  and,  more moreover,  over, moreover,  at  this  very  time,  they  had  transmitted  six  blank  bills  to  Lee,  in  London.  On  the  23d  of  November,  Lee  wrote  to  the  plaintiffs,  When  once  well  started,  I  feel  convinced  that  all  would  go  on  swimmingly.  As,  however,  much,  if  not  all,  depends  upon  the  starting,  I  think  it  desirable  to  open  an  account  with  the  bankers  here  as  respectably  as  possible,  and  less  than  1,0001.  would  not  do.  In  the  com commencement  mencement commencement  it  would  also  be  advisable  to  send  me  a  few  bills,  drawn  by  you,  leaving  me  to  fill  up  the  names  and  the  amounts,  so  that  I  might  make  any  arrangements  with  par parties  ties parties  against  bills  of  This  suggestion  was  adopted  by  the  plaintiff's;  but  it  was  important  the  jury  should  un understand  derstand understand  the  question  was  not  the  amount  of  the  bills,  or  the  amount  that  Lee  had  misappropriated,  but  the  character  of  the  business  contemplated  between  the  plaintiffs  and  Lee,  beft:re  the  policy  was  effected  ;  because  if  it  was  out  of  the  ordinary  course,  and  attended  with  more  than  ordinary  risk,  it  was  the  plaintiffs'  duty  to  have  informed  the  defendants  of  it,  and  as  they  had  not  done  so,  they  had  been  guilty  o  f  a  legal  fraud,—which  ju  s  tly  vitiated  their  policy.  With  re reference  ference reference  to  Harnden  and  Co.,  he  - STYLE=superscript  would  show  that  the  plain plaintiffs  tiffs plaintiffs  knew  before  the  policy  was  effected  that  their  credit  was  not  good;  for  on  the  11th  January,  1850;  they  wrote  to  Lee  We  regret  exceedingly  to  be  obliged  to  inform  you  that  the  information  obtained  by  those  parties  (Overend  and  Gurney)  as  to,  the  standing  of  Hamden  and  Co.,  was  not  favourable  enough  for  them  to  discount  the  On  April  26th  Lee  wrote,  You  must  keep  in  view  that  if  this  house  does  a  larzebusiness,hat  then  we  shall  be  able  to  get  a  monied  partner—or,  what  is  better,  we  shall  have  the  money  of  the  public  at  our  command,  like  Rothschild  and  Baring.  Large  houses  may  do  what  in  young  houses  would  be  termed  svvindling—draw  upon  thems  e  l  ves  A  n  d  t  hi  s  l  etter,  wh  i  ch  characterised  their  proceedings  by  an  apter  term  than  he  was  willing  to  use,  was  replied  to  on  7th  June,  without  Having  read  some  further  extracts  of  a  similar  character,  the  learned  counsel  said  he  might  have  taken  a'  partial  view  of  the  matter  ;  but  he  confessed  that  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  him  that  it  was  not  reasonable  to  expect  the  defendants  would  have  entered  into  the  policy  if  the  plain plaintiffs'  tiffs' plaintiffs'  mode  of  conducting  business  with  .their  agent  had  been  made  known  to  them;  that  the  withholding  that  knowledge  was  a  fraudulent  suppression  of  important  facts  by  the  plaintiff's;  and  this  being  so,  that  it  was  the  duty  of  the  defendants  not  to  pay  the  sum  claimed  in  the  policy  until  the  matter  had  been  fully  investigated  before  a  jury."
