text
"mbridze,  Gen  Jones,  and  nd  Dundas,  arrived  in  t  It  is  said  that  M.  De  erday,  at  Paris  tiary  for  ce  in  th  ris  correspondent  of  the  open  it  is  not  true,  as  the  ogland  g  is  yet  tlee,  or  where  and  whe  held.  G  encral  la  tav  in  London,  is  to  be  the  guest  of  his  noble  Marquis  D'Azezlio.  at  22  Per!  1  RPEDIT  of  last  s  that  t  r STYLE=superscript  ominissioners  of  the  Ad-  al:y,  baying  by  various  proclamations  offered  certain  rewards,  amongst  others,  a  sum  of  £lo,oeo  to  any  party  or  parties,  who,  in  the  judgment  of  the  Board  of  Admir-  lty,  should  by  virtue  of  his  or  their  efforts,  first  succeed  a  ascertaining  the  fate  of  the  crews  of  H.M.S.  Terror  id  Erebus,  hereby  give  notice,  that  Dr.  Rae,  having  aimed  to  be  entitled  to  the  above  reward,  they  will  within  three  months  from  the  date  hereof,  to  adjudicate  on  such  claim,  all  persons  who,  by  virtue  )elamation,  deem  t  inselves  entitled  to  the  part  of  the  reward  in  question,  must  pre prems  ms prems  within  such  time,  after  the  expiration  of  fer  their  which  no  claim  will  be  entertained  MR.  CAIRD  AND  PRLNCE  ALBERT.—A  daring  passage  in  the  Rev.  Mr.  Caird's  recently  published  sermon  has  caused  some  notice  and  not  a  little  amusement.  The  Rev.  gentleman  is  arguing  that  not  only  is  seclusion  from  the  world  unnecessary  for  the  formation  of  a  true  Christian  character,  but  that  the  perfect  development  of  the  Christian  virtues  demands  that  we  should  mix  with  our  fellows,  and  be  exposed  to  the  difficulties  and  trials  of  common  life.  This  position  he  illus illustrated  trated illustrated  by  the  following  example,  looking  stead steadfastly  fastly steadfastly  all  the  time  at  Prince  Albert,  it  is  to  be  hoped:—  man  can  be  a  thorough  proficient  in  navigation  who  has  never  been  at  sea,  though  he  may  learn  the  theory  of  it  at  home.  No  man  can  become  a  soldier  by  studying  books  on  military  tactics  in  his  closet  ;  he  must  in  actual  service  acquire  those  habits  of  coolness,  courage,  discipline,  address,  rapid  combination,  without  which  the  most  learned  in  theory  of  strategy  or  engi engineering  neering engineering  will  be,but  a  school-boy  soldier  after  Caird  is  certainly  the  Knox  of  military  reformers.  SUNDAY  SCHOOL  AND  LITERARY  'INSTITUTE.  —Last  eyenine.  the  sixth  of  a  winter  course  of  lectures  on  behalf  of  the  funds  of  this  institution,  was  held  at  the  Concert Concerthall,  hall, Concerthall,  Lord  Nelson-street.  Mr.  J.  C.  Ewart,  M.P.,  occu occupied  pied occupied  the  chair.  The  meeting  was  but  very  thinly  attended.  The  Chairman,  a  few  brief  remarks,  introduced  the  Junes  Cranbrook,  of  Liscard,  who  delivered  an  resting  lecture  upon  Dr.  Arnold  and  g  was  concluded  with  prayer.  ONERS  IN  STS  —Yesterthiy  foronoon  the  Coroner  lests  :—On  the  body  of  a  child  1  four  years,  the  son  of  a  cabinet  .  The  clothes  of  the  and  the  little  sufferer  Verdict—Acciden Verdict—Acciden'  ' Verdict—Acciden'  to  which  a  female  m  the  effects  of  the  injuries  named  Evans  had  given  birth  in  a  hou  The  woman  is  died  for  W  been  cone(  in  the  hospital,  and  it  would  seem  the  child  ant  of  proper  attention  at  its  birth,  which  had  .sled.  The  jury  found  a  verdict  in  accordance  vidence.  The  mother  will  be  brought  before  s  when  able,  on  a  charge  of  concealing  the  e  child.  rnewhat  advanced  for  a  notice  cf  the  many  hich  have  been  'miler]  from  the  metropolitan  Walker.and  Gunn"
