text
"Mr.,  JOHN  WALKi  tion,  which  unanimously  agreed  to.  Mr.  II  Aims  - STYLE=superscript  ,  stone-mason,  moved  the  next  resolution.:  --  a  'fund  of  £3OOO  be  raised,  in  shares  or  loans  of  lOs  each,  to  carry  out  the  . STYLE=superscript  iffiricifil  Mr.  DYSON,  hatter,  seconded  the  resolution  a  Vorki  Hans'  Dye  hich  was  Market  supported  by  Mr.  MITCHELL,  Place,  and  Mr.  KAY,  brickmakc  id  wasalso  carried  InaniMously  Mr.  TuomAs  WHEELTIOUS  That  a  committee•of  four  ith  power  to  add  to  their  number,  to  f  ye  effect  to,  and  carry'  out,  the  2:  resolution  Ifr.  LEVER  seconded  resolution,  which  w  ;he  preceding  ones,  unanimously  agreed  to.  Thanks  having  been  given  to  the  Chairman,  the  meeting  broke  up.  STATE  OF  TRADE.  .  MANCHESTER,  SATURDAY  The  market  to-day  has  been  thinly  attended,  and  very  little  done  in.  either  yarns  or  cloth.  The  re requirements  quirements requirements  of  export  merchants  are  so  few  at  this  time,  that  unless  an  improved  demand  takes  place  soon,  it  is  contemplated  that  time  working  will  be  resorted  to  ;  as  With  the  continued  firinnes  in  the  raw  material,  and  serious  drop  in  yarns  and  cloth,  many  producers  are  not  able  'now  to  make  it  pay.  Stocks  are  fast  accumulating,  and  some  of  the  large  commission  houses  have  been  obliged  to  increase  their  warehouse  rooms  both  for  cloth  and  yarns.  Some  fine  spinners  have  sent  out  considerably  re reduced  duced reduced  lists  of  prices,  but  buyers  are  not  tempted,  and  buy  only  from  hand  to  mouth.  Doubled  yarns  are  more  plentiful,  and  prices  lower.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS—SATURDAY.  (  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  The  business  in  Foreign  Produce  to-day  is  confined  to  GO  hdds.  Jamaica  SUGAR  to  the  refiners  at  previous  rates  ;  and  1,400  bags  Bengal  Rice  at  14s.  6d.  to  14s.  9d.  per  cwt.  Of  the  INDIA  RUBBER  brought  forward  to-day  for  public  sale,  nearly  the  whole  sold  (about  8  tons)  chiefly  at  Is.  7d.  for  common,  up  to  2s.  per  lb.  for  good  bottles.  COTTON.—The  sales  to-day  arc  7,000  bales,  500  of  which  are  for  export.  The  . STYLE=superscript  sales  include  150  Pernarns  and  Maran Maranhams,  hams, Maranhams,  6  3 STYLE=superscript  d.  to  7d.  ;50  Bahias,  ;  150  Egyptians,  Sad.  to  Bd.  ;  1000  Surats,  2id.  to  40.  The  market  closed  firmly  with  a  hardening  tendency.:  Compared  with  Friday's  rates,  prices  of  all  kinds  were  the.  same,  but  in  all  Americans  the  turn  is  against  the  buyer.  SHARE  MARKETS.—  LIVERPOOL.--13usines  to-day  h  'SATURDAY  been  almost  brought  ere]y  nominal.  The  stand,  and  the  .  t  are  :—Caledonian"
