text
"HEALTH  COMMITTEE.  This  committee  met  yesterday,  at  eleven  o'clock,  Mr.  Al Alderman  derman Alderman  LANGSDAI,E  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  pre present  sent present  were—Messrs.  Gladstone,  Moss,  Beckwith,  Fleming,  Hodson,  Nicholson,  Johnson,  Halhead,  Nicol,  Godfrey,  and  Henderson.  The  minutes  of  the  last  meeting  having  been  read,  Mr.  GODFREY,  who  had  been  appointed  one  of  the  com commissioners  missioners commissioners  to  hear  summonses,  applied  to  be  changed  from  one  district  to  another.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  That  can  be  done  afterwards.  ANOTHER  CHANGE  IN  THE  HOUR  OF  MEETING.  Mr.  HALHEAD  said  he  believed  it  was  the  general  feeling  of  the  committee  that  they  should  meet  at  the  former  hour,  half-past  two  o'clock.  S  ome  gen  tl  emen  who  had  no  busi business  ness business  to  attend  to  had  given  way,  to  meet  the  convenience  of  those  gentlemen  who  had  business  to  attend  to  in  the  morn-  Mr.  BECKWITH  remarked  that  he  understood  meeting  at  eleven  o'clock  would  interfere  with  the  business  engagements  of  many  of  the  members.  He  had  no  business  to  attend  to,  and  he  had  great  pleasure  in  giving  way,  to  allow  those  gentlemen  to  attend  to  their  business  ;  but  at  the  same  time,  he  thought  they  would  come  to  business  more  clearly  in  the  morning.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  You  had  better  send  a  note  to  each  member.  Mr.  JOHNSON  stated  to  the  board,  that  Mr.  Sheppard,  of  Brownlow-hill,  had  put  down  -an  apparatus  which  con conconsumed  consumed conconsumed  his  smoke,  which  had  been  before  complained  of  He  wished  Mr.  Fresh  to  see  the  appa-  as  a  nuisance,  Mr.  BECKWITH  said  they  need  not  go  out  of  Liverpool  to  see  smoke  effectually  consumed.  All  they  had  to  do  was  to  go  to  the  pier  -head  baths,  and  they  would  there  see  an  appa apparatus  ratus apparatus  put  down  by  the  borough  engineer  which  consumed  its  own  smoke.  Mr.  IIUSHTON,  the  building  surveyor  reported  the  inspec inspection  tion inspection  of  162  dilapidated  privies  and  ashpits,  142  of  which  were  undergoing  alterations  and  repairs,  and  22  of  which  required  such,  together  with  various  others  in  his  depart department.  ment. department."
