text
"MEETING  IN  ABERCROMBY  WARD.  LAST  evening  a  meeting  of  the  burgesses  of  Abercromby  Ward  favourable  to  the  return  of  Mr.  J.  H.  Brancker  as  a  member  of  the  Town  Council  was  held  in  the  house  of  Mr.  Craig,  Mulberry  -street,  Mr.  ROBERTS9N  GLADSTONE  occupied  the  chair.  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  opening  the  business  of  the  meeting,  said—Gentlemen,  I  need  scarcely  remind  you  of  the  impor importance  tance importance  of  the  duty  we  are  met  this  evening  to  perform  ;  it  is  that  of  selecting  a  proper  person  to  represent  your  interests  in  the  Town  Council.  If  we  were  to  judge  of  the  impor importance  tance importance  of  this  duty  by  the  supposed  fact,  that  expansion  or  contraction  was  governed  by  the  necessity  of  the  case,  I  think  I  am  perfectly  authorised  in  saying  there  never  was  an  occasion  upon  which  you  were  more  imperatively  called  upon  to  exert  yourselves.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  infusion  of  new  blood  into  the  council  in  substitution  for  what  is  there  at  rpresent  and  s  i  a  t  absolutelywithdeymouanded  to  determine  e  r  e  rln  defen  ce  m.  of  your  ewhether  or  own  i  not  nytoeu nytoeuwill  will nytoeuwill  allow  those  who  are  at  present  the  representatives  of  the  people  to  govern  matters  as  they  have  done  of  late,  or  whether  you  will  substitute  others,  who,  being  of  a  very  different  calibre,  will  undertake  those  impor imporpant  pant imporpant  and  responsible  duties  which  are  necessarily  attached  to  your  interests.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  is  now  nearly  ten  years  since  I  left  the  Town  Council,  and  the  first  thing  I  found  on  my  return  to  it,  was  that  old  prejudices  existed  there  just  as  I  left  them  at  the  period  I  have  named.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  is  an  extraordinary  circumstance  that  there  you  find  a  body  of  men  composed  of  those  who  attend  to  the  duties  of  their  oc occupations  cupations occupations  in  various  ways.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  have  the  pleasure  of  being  associated  with  many  members  who  dis discharge  charge discharge  their  duty  in  an  admirable  manner.  (Hear.)  There  are  others  who  attend  when  an  increase  of  salary  or  some  such  matter  is  to  be  discussed.  (Hear,  hear.)  Those  mem members  bers members  we,  perhaps,  see  once  or  twice  a  year.  (Cries  of  shame.)  There  are  others  who  attend  when  particular  matters  are  to  be  discussed  and  settled,  which  directly  interest  themselves.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now  I  say  this  is  not  the  position  of  a  Town  Councillor.  He  undertakes  to  perform  the  whole  duties  of  his  office  in  which  there  is  one  common  interest  pervading,  and  the  man  who  attends  in  the  manner  I  have  described  is  not  a  fair  and  proper  representative  of  the  people.  (Cheers.)  Now  I  think  yon  will  agree  with  me,  unless  those  who  enter  into  the  Council  can  make  up  their  minds  to  devote  their  attention  to  the  business  of  the  Town  Council,  can  look,  to  the  interests  which  they  are  bound  to  protect  as  their  own,  and  deal  with  them  accordingly,  they  have  no  business  in  the  Council.  (Hear,  hear.)  There  are  a  great  variety  of  matters  at  this  moment  which  ought  to  occupy  the  serious  attention  of  members  of  the  Town  Council.  There  are  the  sanitary  improvements  of  the  town,  and  there  is  a  much  more  important  subject  which  is  now  occupying  the  attention  of  the  town,  namely,  the  direction  to  be  given  to  new  streets  :  new  streets  to  be  formed  which  are  absolutely  required,  and  although  many  of  us  may  differ  as  to  the  best  course  to  be  pursued  under  those  circumstances,  yet  I  believe,  Town  Councillors  generally  are  impressed  with  the  opinion  that  it  is  utterly  impossible  the  town  can  go  on  with  it  as  it  is  at  present.  (Hear,  hear).  There  must  be  some  new  streets  made  some  fresh  approaches  to  the  centre  of  business,  or  we  shall  all  be  in  confusion.  I  have  been  told  you  have  been  fortunate  enough  to  meet  with  a  candidate  who  is  admirably  fitted  to  represent  all  those  various  important  interests  in  the  Town  Council.  (Applause.)  I  believe  you  are  already  informed  we  shall  have  introduced  to  us  this  evening  a  gentleman  who  pos possesses  sesses possesses  the  necessary  qualification  to  act  in  every  way,  and  is  admirably  fitted  to  do  justice  to  the  interests  of  the  ward,  and  indeed  of  every  ward  in  the  town.  (Hear,  hear).  Therefore  it  is  unnecssary  to  occupy  your  time  any  longer  ;  buf  I  may  just  venture  to  remark  one  or  two  points  which  it  is  essential  you  should  be  informed  upon.  I  have  already  presumed  to  mention,  on  entering  the  council,  I  found  many  of  those  whom  I  had  left  there  ten  years  previously,  and  who  were  then  the  obstructions  of  progress.  (Hear,  hear).  Now  in  the  selection  of  fresh  candidates,  isit  unreasonable  to  require  that  you  should  demand  on  the  part  of  yourselves,  that  your  representatives  should  possess  the  necessary  qua qualifications  lifications qualifications  of  an  ordinary  pupil  in  the  corporation  schools,  reading,  writing,  and  arithmetic  ?  (Hear,  hear,  and  laugh laughter).  ter). laughter).  Surely,  these  should  not  be  deemed  very  extraordinary  on  the  part  of  yourselves  in  the  representation  of  your  own  interests,  and  with  regard  to  those  of  your  representative.  But  such  is  the  case,  and  it  rests  with  you.  In  the  Town  Council  I  contend  we  all  meet,  from  whatever  'class  we  arc  chosen,—for  classes  are  distinguished  first  of  all,  unfortu unfortunately  nately unfortunately  as  it  happens,  by  wealth;  but  I  say  classes  are  mainly  distinguished  for  their  virtues.  Now  I  contend  we  all  meet  their  on  one  common  ground,  and  no  man  has  a  right  to  preference  or  precedence  but  by  virtue  of  his  own  merits.  (Hear,  hear).  Now  that  being  the  case,  it  rests  with  you  to  decide  whether  you  will  be  represented  by  liberal,  enlightened  minds,  or  whether  you  will  go  on  with  those  who  are  trying  to  retrograde  on  the  little  progress  that  has  already  been  made.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  believe  you  will  find  in  the  person  of  Mr.  Brancker,  a  gentleman  who  will  act  on  progressive  principles  ;  that  he  is  above  everything  that  is  dishonour dishonourable  able dishonourable  or  dishonest  ;  that  he  will  protect  your  interests  ;  and,  furthermore,  he  will  move  with  those  who  desire  to  advance,  and  whose  great  object  is  to  improve,  and  not  to  stand  still.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  sincerely  hope  the  endeavour  we  are  about  to  make  to  place  a  fitting  person  in  the  position  of  repre representative  sentative representative  for  your  ward  in  the  Town  Council  will  be  suc successful.  cessful. successful.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  rests  entirely  with  yourself.  If  you  think  that  to  go  back,  13  butter  than  to  go  ft....id,  by  all  means  take  the  candidate  who  is  most  wedded  to  that  particular  principle.  I  think  having  seen  so  much  as  we  have  done  of  those  who  formerly  contended  for  the  principle  of  standing  still,  who  are  now  called  upon  to  cat  their  own  words—(hear,  hear)—it  is  absolutely  necessary  that  you  should  not  be  mislead,  but  that  you  should  take  those  who,  like  ourselves,  are  interested  in  progress,  and  I  believe,  strictly  speaking,  that  Mr.  Branckcr  is  one  of  those  gentle gentlemen.  men. gentlemen.  (Cheers.)  Mr  DALZIEL  here  rose  and  said  he  believed  it  was  impossible  to  return  Mr.  Brancker  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  one  half  of  the  burgesses  of  the  ward  being  pledged  to  Mr.  Gardiner,  and  he  was  about  to  propose  a  re resolution  solution resolution  to  the  effect  that  it  was  injudicious  to  contest  the  ward  at  present,  when,  The  CHAIRMAN  interfered,  and  said  he  would  be  at  liberty  to  propose  the  resolution,  when  the  usual  routine  had  been  gone  through.  Mr.  W.  EARLE  then  came  forward  to  propose  the  first  resolution.  He  was  loudly  cheered.  He  remarked  that  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  what  had  been  said,  that  at  the  last  election  they  had  re  - STYLE=superscript  turned  the  worthy  chairman  by  a  triumphant  majority,  and  (continued  Mr.  Earle)  I  don't  see  why  you  cannot  do  the  same  this  year.  (Hear,  hear).  I  understand  there  has  has  been  some  little  feeding  going  forward  in  the  ward.  (Cheers  and  laughter).  If  a  man  is  to  seek  your  votes  through  your  bellies,  in  the  name  of  goodness  go  and  vote  for  him  I  say,  and  as  many  of  you  as  are  hogs,  when  he  has  well  fattened  you,  he  will  slaughter  you.  (Great  cheer cheering  ing cheering  and  laughter).  There  will  be  an  end  of  you  at  last,  and,  by  heaven,  you  richly  deserve  it.  (Great  applause).  I  think  it  is  greatly  to  be  regretted  we  have  to  meet  in  this  room  to  discuss,  to  argue  and  talk,  about  candidates.  It  rests  entirely  with  the  electors.  I  have  no  objection  to  join  my  head  with  all  yours  to  know  whom  we  shall  have,  to  name  him  and  have  done  with  the  thing,  and  then  let  us  all  come  forward  like  honest  men,  and  vote  for  him  without  any  bother  of  canvassing  or  talking  about  the  thing.  Why  you  can  all  of  you,  manage  your  own  affairs  uncommonly  well.  You  are  quick  enough  in  your  own  business  to  see  who  is  good  and  who  is  bad,  and  you  never  employ  a  bad  man  in  your  own  particular  affairs.  A  fool  may  occasionally  employ  a  fool;  but  it  is  not  always  that  even  he  does  so.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  Now  on  this  occasion  I  am  for  sending  some  person  to  represent  me  indi individually  vidually individually  in  the  Council  that  agrees  with  me,  and  I  certainly  cannot  agree  with  two  of  the  gentlemen  we  have  at  present  in  this  ward—(hear,  hear)  ;  and  I  earnestly  hope  they  will  be  sent  to  the  right  about,  one  by  one.  (Hear,  hear.)  You  have  already  got  rid  of  one  worthless  person—worthless  I  mean  in  point  of  talent—l  do  not  mean  in  point  of  respecta respectability  bility respectability  ;  and  I  hope  you  will  cordially  respond  to  the  resolu resolution  tion resolution  I  have  to  propose,  that  Mr.  Brancker  is  a  fit  and  proper  person  to  represent  this  ward  in  the  Town  Council.  (Cheers.)  I  am  perfectly  persuaded  he  is  well  qualified  ;  he  is  perfectly  well  known  and  esteemed  in  the  town,  and  therefore,  with witha  a witha  eonzc  w  v  a  e  r  d  great  and  v  o  o  u  t  t  e  f  f  u  o  r  r  th  h  e  i  r  ni  ce:m  T  om  a  l  ol  ho  m  pe  orn  y  i  o  n  u  g,  waisll  I  shall  pleasure  in  doing.  (Applause.)  1  beg  to  propose  the  reso resolution.  lution. resolution.  Mr.  LODGE  had  great  pleasure  in  seconding  the  resolution.  He  concurred  in  all  that  had  fallen  from  the  Chairman  and  Mr.  Earle.  Mr.  Brancker  was  well  known,  and  there  could  be  little  doubt  of  his  return,  if  they  worked  as  they  did  on  the  Chairman's  election.  l'ie  regretted  kthat  Mr.  Dalziel  --1 STYLE=superscript  •  1 STYLE=superscript  have  taken  the  course  ho  did,  and  hoped  he  would  assist  them,  hand.  Mr.  DALZIEL  then  proposed  tho  LAtowino.  amendment  :  The  return  of  Mr.  Gardiner  being  all  but  et-r=ain,  it  is  un unadvisable  advisable unadvisable  and  inexpedient  to  disturb  the  peace  of  the  ward  by  a  contested  This  amendment  was  seconded  by  a  burgess  of  the  ward,  and  atter  some  discussion,  and  an  appeal  from  the  chairman,  requesting  the  mover  not  to  press  it,  which  was  not  acceded  to,  The  CHAIRMAN  refused  to  put  the  amendment,  and  re recommended,  commended, recommended,  as  this  was  a  meeting  of  Mr.  Braneker's  friends,  the  mover  and  seconder  of  the  amendment  should  retire.  Both  gentlemen  then  retired,  and  the  original  motion  was  unanimously  agreed  to.  Mr.  C.  WILLMER  moved  a  resolution,  pledging  the  meet meeting  ing meeting  to  use  all  constitutional  means  to  secure  the  return  of  Mr.  Brancker,  and  appointing  a  committee  to  conduct  the  election.  Mr.  BAGE  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  agreed  to.  Mr.  BRANCHER  was  then  introduced  to  the  meeting,  and  was  warmly  greeted.  He  stated  that  he  was  a  friend  to  progressive  reform,  although  he  deprecated  the  introduction  of  politics  into  the  Council.  He  was  an  advocate  for  the  education  of  the  people,  and  would  use  his  best  efforts  to  extend  to  all  classes  the  educational  means  at  present  at  the  command  of  the  Council.  (Hear,  hear,)  He  would  also  endeavour,  if  elected,  to  carry  out  those  improvements  which  would  benefit  the  town  rather  than  private  individuals.  The  CHAIRMAN  intimated,  with  regard  to  the  Corporation  Schools,  that  although  the  Bible  was  the  professed  basis  of  all  education  there,  still  the  children  of  Roman  Catholics  were  educated  there  without  the  Bible,  and  he  desired  that  Ithe  public  should  be  no  longer  humbugged  on  this  point.  Mr.  EARI..z,  in  moving  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  Chairman,  sail  he  was  glad  to  find  far  more  attention  was  paid  to  bim  in  tic  Council  than  to  some  of  the  nincompoops  by  whom  he  wa.,  surrounded.  (Laughter.)"
