text
"Mr.  13,ANxEit:  Are  not  your  schools  under  the  direction  of  Government—how  can  you  alter  it  ?  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Partly  'so  Mr.  BANNER  :  There  is  e  education  ;  there  o,re  certai  direction  as  to  the  standard  of  .  books  to  be  read,  &amp;c.  ;  How  can  you  alter  them  Mr.  John  JONES  was  of  the  same  opinion  as  Mr.  Moss.  (Cries  of  you  have  and  It  was  an  opinion  which  he  was  alone  in  expressiy,  whilst  others  thought  the  industrial  training  of  the  children  was  all  per perfection.  fection. perfection.  He  (Mr.  Jones)  did  not  think  so  himself  ;  but  before  they  could  have  any  material  alteration  in  the  industrial  training  of  the  children  in  the  school,  they  would  have  to  have  what  was  called  a  complete  revolution  there.  - STYLE=superscript  (Hear,  and  a  laugh.)  Mr.  GARDNER  should  like  the  vestry  clerk  to  read  Mr.  Coates'  Summary  of  what  the  children  were  employed  at.  Mr,  HART  then  read  the  following  Summary  :  STATE  OF  THE  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOL,  SEPTEMBER  21,  1853.  -  Distribution  :  Present  in  school,  395  boys,  262  girls  ;in  the  infirmary,  sick,  19  boys,  12  girls.  At  work  :  tailors.  32  boys;  shoemakers,  34  boys  ;  sloggers,  12  boys  ;  bakers,  7  boys  ;  cooks,  2  girls;  gardeners,  34  boys  ;  in  wash-house,  12  girls  ;  assisting  servants,  66  girls;  messengers,  3  boys  ;  engineer,  1  boy  ,  sweepers  &amp;c.,  33  boys  ;  in  .  the  kitchen,  6  girls  ;  in  the  scullery,  8  girls;  attending  sick,  3  girls;  pupil  teachers,  4  boys,  and  6  girls  ;  sailors,  18  boys;  Total:  592  boys,  377  girls.  Recapitulation:  In  the  school  last  statement,  591  boys;  337  girls  vadmitted  since,  12  boys,  3  girls.  Total  :  603  boys,  390  girls.  Discharged  sent  to  friends,  3  boys,  1  girl;  absconded,  2  boys  ;  placed  in  service,  6  boys,  12  girls.  Remaining,  592  boys,  377  Mr.  SUMNER  was  perfectly  artonished  at  the  work  he  saw  in  the  Irish  Exhibition..  Not  only  were  there  weaving,  spinning  ropes,  &amp;c.,  but  there  were  very  superior  strong  shoes,  and  he  could  say  very  far  better  made  than  those  made  in  the  Industrial  schools,  or  in  the  workhouse.  There  were  also  specimens  of  earthenware,  and  on  the  whole  there  was  nothing  he  had  seen  to  equal  it.  They  had  nothing  here  but  tailors  and  shoemakers  doing  anything  to  support  the  establishment  in  the  manufacture  of  clothing.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  There  are  thirty-four  landscape  drawer  Mr.  SUMNER  thought,  with  some  attention,  and  a  few  men  to  cultivate  those  branches,  there  might  be  a  great  deal  of  work  done  in  those  Industrial  schools.  Mr.  BRADLEY  was  quite  of  Mr.  Sumner's  opinion,  and  was  vbry  glad  to  hear  this  discussion.  Mr.  GARDNER,  referring  to  Mr.  Coates'  return,  which  had  been  read,  remarked,  there  appeared  to  be  some  Industrial  training  of  the  children  from  eight  to  thirteen  years  of  age,  The  subject  would  receive  the  attention  of  the  Committee,  and  any  suggestions  made,  would  be  attended  to.  A  Sub-  Committee  was  sitting  to  see  whether  Printing  could  not  be  introduced  into  the  establishment,  A  MEMBER  :  Calico  printing  ?  Mr.  Mos  No,  gentlemen  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  press.  (A  laugh.)  Mr.  GARDNER:  That  is  a  useful  trade.  It  was  introduced  into  the  Ragged  School,  and  he  did  not  see  why  it  should  not  be  introduced  into  the  Industrial  Schools.  Mr.  SUMNER  said  if  there  was  such  &amp;department  it  would  be  of  no  benefit  to  children  after  they  left  the  school,  and  it  would  all  end  in  moonshine.  Mr.  JONES  said,  as  this  discussion  had  a  practical  ten tendency,  dency, tendency,  it  would  be  well  to  have  the  Committee's  hands  strengthened  by  a  resolution  to  the  following  effect  that  it  be  an  instruction  to  the  School  Committee  to  take  into  its  early  consideration  how  far,  and  by  what  means,  the  indus industrial  trial industrial  training  there  can  be  extended  and  Mr.  Moss  had  great  pleasure  in  seconding  the  resolution.  The  resolution  was  agreed  to.  Mr.  JONES  moved  foi•  returns  of  the  admissions  and  re readmissions,  admissions, readmissions,  &amp;c.,  into  the  Industrial  Schools  from  1851  to  1853.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said,  this  was  a  practical  return,  and  it  was  desirable  that  it  should  be  made  early,  so  as  to  get  rid  of  all  those  matters  connected  with  the  Schools.  Mr.  DENToN  did  not  object  to  the  return  Mr.  GARDNER  said  the  ° STYLE=superscript  School  Committee  had  published  a  great  quantity  of  it  already.  There  was  no  objection  to  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Mr.  Hart  says  there  is  no  objection  to  -Mr.  Jorms  said  he  moved  for  certain  returns,  but  they  would  comprise  only  so  far  as  Mr.  Coate§  had  to  do  with  the  children.  There  was  afterwards  the  return  of  the  teacher,  who  had  a  great  deal  to  do  with  them  after  Mr.  Coates  had  done.  He  should  like  to  get  the  return  of  before  the  next  meeting  of  the  School  Committee.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  Vestry  Clerk  could  not  promise  to  have  them  ready  by  the  time,  but  he  would  do  it  as  soon  as  he  could.  The  return  wa's  then  ordered  to  be  made.  A  discussion  followed,  relative  to  the  repairs  of  the  roof  of  the  Schools.  Some  of  the  members  were  for  leaving  it  in  the  Muds  of  Mr.  Wylie,  the  Surveyor,  whilst  others  contended  that  they  should  advertise  for  contracts  for  repairs  ;  but  as  the  cost  of  the  repairs  was  stated  as  likely  not  to  exceed  £6,  it  was  allowed  to  rest  in  the  hands  of  Mr.  Wylie,  to  have  the  necessary  repairs  executed.  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  Mr.  Moss  moed  for  a  return  of  the  prices  of  the  several  articles  of  human  food,  groceries,  &amp;c.,  supplied  to  the  house  for  each  of  the  last  ten  yearg.  Mr.  GAILDN3tiIi.  objeCted  to  the  time  of  the  clerks  being  taken  up  in  making  out  those  returns.  He  could  not  see  the  utility  of  it.  Moss  said  others  could,  even  if  Mr.  Gardner  seemed  disposed  to  remain  in  ignorance.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  most  of  the  important  Unions  in  the  country  such  a  return  had  been  moved  fora  It  enabled  them  to  judge  of  the  expenditure,  and  it  enabled  the  thinking  mind  to  judge  what  might  be  the  increase  or  decrease  in  those  eharges.  Mr.  GARDNER  could  not  see  it.  Mr.  Moss  :  Well,  you  do  not  see  it.  Perhaps  others  see  it.  The  return  was  ordered  APPOINTMENT  OF  MEDICAL  OFFICER  Mr.  Moss  :  Is  it  the  intention  of  the  Board  to  day  to  pro proceed  ceed proceed  to  the  election  of  a  Medical  Officer  in  the  place,of  Mr.  Cripys  ?  SlTr.  HART  :  Yes.  Mr.  DENTON  :  I  believe  there  are  only  three  applications  Mr.  SHAW:  There  are  more.  Mr.  BRADLEY  believed  it  was  usual  that  the  appointment  of  Medical  Officers  should  be  referred  to  the  Medical  Relief  Committee.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  CARNE,  the  subject  of  the  appoint appointment  ment appointment  of  the  Medical  Officer  in  the  place  of  Mr.  Cripps,  was  referred  to  the  Medical  Relief  Committee;  also,  the  appoint appointment  ment appointment  of  Mr.  Kelly,  as  one  of  the  District  Medical  Officers,  and  that  of  two  dispensers  at  the  North  and  South  Dispen Dispensaries.  saries. Dispensaries.  Mr.  BILIDLEY  :  I  now  move  the  adjournment  of  the  Ves Vestry  try Vestry  to  Thursday,  at  Twelve  o'clock,  to  receive  the  report  of  the  Medical  Relief  Committee.  It  is  of  so  voluminous  a  character,  it  is  impossible  to  day  to  go  into  it,  as  it  ought  to  be  gone  into.  _  The  Vestry  then  adjourned  to  Thursday  next.  WATCH  ROBBERY  ON  BOARD  A  FERRY  BOAT.—Last  night,  a  strange  gentleman  from  Scotland,  whilst  crossing  crossing  by  the  Monk's  Ferry  Boat  to  Cheshire,  had  his  pocket  picked  of  a  splendid  gold  lever  watch,  valued  at  thirty.  guineas.  It  is  supposed  that  the  robbery  was  com committed  mitted committed  by  some  of  the  swell  mob,  who  jostled  him.  .  ACCIDENTS,  YESTERDAY.—A  young  man  named  Robert  Hart,  was  working  at  a  cotton  warehouse  in  Robert  Street,  yesterday,  when  the  handle  of  a  windlass,  struck  him  on  the  thigh,  producing  a  severe  contusion.—Charles  McAllister,  residing  at  58,  Sawney  Pope  Street,  a  labourer  at  a  cotton  warehouse,  ,  in  Neptune  Street,  had  his  ribs  frac fractured,  tured, fractured,  and  received  other  severe  contusions,  by  a  bale  of  cotton  falling  upon  him.—John  Howe,lja  young  man  about  eighteen  years  of  age  who  is  employed  at  the  works  of  the  new  Coru  Exchange,  in  Brunswick  Street,  fell  down  from  some  scaffolding  on  the  building,  to  the  cellar;  he  - STYLE=superscript  alighted  on  some  flags,  which  produced  a  severe  scalp  wound  and  concussion  of  the  brain.—lle  was  taken  to  the  Northern  hospital,  where  he  has  since  had  three  epileptic  fits,  and  remains  in  a  precarious  position.—John  Brothers,  a  seaman,  belonging  to  the  American  ship  T  u  s  caroro  ,  lying  in  the  Waterloo  dock,  fell  from  the  main  deck  to  the  bottom  of  the  hold,  producing  a  severe  lasceration  of  the  left  ear,  and  concussion  of  the  brain.  GRAND  MISCELLANEOUS  CONCERT  AT  THE  PHIL PHILHARMONIC  HARMONIC PHILHARMONIC  HALL.—Last  evening  those  celebrated  artistes  Grisi  and  Mario,assisted  by  Madame  Doria,  Signor  Ciaviatta,  and  Mr.  J.  L.  Hatton,  gave  a  Second  Grand  Miscellaneous  Concert  at  the  Philharmonic  Hall.  The  attendance  was  numerous,  and  the  peformance  passed  off  with  eclat.  Grisi  and  Mario  were  both  in  good  voice,  and  sung  admirably.  Criticism  on  the  style  of  two  such  artistes  is  needless.  The  aria  of  Giulietta  e  was  beautifully  rendered  by  Madame  Doria  who  received  an  encore,  as  did  Mario  in  the  song  Sweeheart  good  Mr.  J.  L.  Hatton  was  not  effective  in  the  song  The  Linden  which  fell  flatly  on  the  audience.  IRISH  PROTESTANT  ORPHAN  SOCIETY.-  —Yesterday  evening,  a  meeting  took  place  of  the  friends  of  this  society  in  the  Christ  Church  National  School,  in  order  to  hear  an  account  of  its  last  year's  affairs,  from  the  Rev.  Mr.  Wolsey,  now  of  Dublin,  and  formerly  cu  r  at  e  o  f  St  .  J  o  h  n  '  s,  i  n  t  hi  s  town.  The  chair  was  taken  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Nolan.  The  meeting  was  addressed  by  Mr.  Wolsey,  who  gave  a  slight  but  graphic  sketch  of  the  origin,  progress,  and  objects  of  the  society  ;  and  mentioned,  that,  although  its  affairs  during  the  last  year  had  been  prosperous,  yet  in  Liverpool,  the  contributors  to  its  funds  had  'diminished  from  £5O  to  £37.  The  Rev.  gentleman  dwelt  much  on  the  importance  of  rescuing  poor  Irish  protestant  children  from  the  insidious  attacks  of  persons  who,  he  said,  did  the  business  of  Rome  in  the  garb  of  Jesuits.  He  enumerated  instances  in  which  Irish  protestant  children  had  been  inveigled  and  brought  over  to  the  church  of  Rome  ;  and  . STYLE=superscript  said,  the  society  was  founded  in  1828,  by  some  noble  hearted  man,  working  in  a  foundry  in  Dublin,  who  had  determined  that  no  more  of  the  children  of  their  fellow  workmen  should  be  again  trepanned.  He  then  gave  a  vivid  picture  of  the  beauties  of  the  romantic  county  of  Wicklow,  with  its  green  valleys,  its  clear  streams,  and  lofty  mountains;  and  said,  that  in  that  county,  in  respectable  protestant  families,  free  from  the  contamination  of  crowded  cities,  the  children  were  brought  up  and  well  educated.  Their  healthy  state  might  be  inferred  from  the  fact,  that  since  the  commencement  of  the  society,  only  fifty  had  died  under  its  care.  After  many  other  observations,  a  collection,  in  aid  of  the  funds  of  the  society  was  made,  and  the  meeting  separated."
