text
"Yesterday,  George  Lamb,  a  fellow,  29  years  of  age,  late  mate  of  a  ship,  was  brought  up  at  the  police  court  by  Inspector  Horne,  on  the  above  charge  of  bigamy.  Mr.  Block  appeared  for  the  prisoner,  and  applied  for  another  remand,  in  consequence  of  the  absence  of  two  sailors,  who  were  necessary  witnesses.  After  a  short  discussion,  it  was  resolved  to  proceed  with  the  case.  The  follow following  ing following  evidence  was  then  produced.  Anne  Kelley  stated,  that  she  had  known  the  'prisoner  for  more  than  ten  years.  She  was  present  on  the  11th  of  August,  1845,  when  he  was  married  to  Bridget  M‘Donn;3ll,  in  St.  John's  Church.  That  woman  is  at  present  in  court.  (She  was  ordered  to  stand  forward,  and  is  a  good  looking  well  dressed  person,  about  28  years  of  age).  The  wit witness  ness witness  was  cross.examined  by  Mr.  Bluck,  and  said,  sh  e  knew  the  parties  for  twelve  months  after  they  were  married,  and  the  wife  had  a  baby.  She  went  to  live  as  servant  with  Mr.  M'Cormick,  and  at  present  she  lives  with  Mr.  Hurst,  of  Lime-street.  She  did  not  know  the  prisoner's  age  at  the  time  of  the  marriage,  as  she  did  n  o  t  inquire  about  it.  She  did  not  know  if  the  prisoner  searched  for  the  female  when  he  came  back  from  sea,  but  could  not  find  her.  Mr.  Bluck  :  Do  you  not  know  that  she  went  away  and  left  him  ?  Witness  :  Ido  not.  Mr.  Bluck  :  Was  she  not  aware  of  his  coming  to  Liverpool  two  or  three  times  a  year  ?  Witness  :  Yes,  I  think  she  was.  Mr.  Block:  Did  she  ever  go  look  for  him  ?  Wit Witness  ness Witness  :  Ido  not  know.  Margaret  Fee,  a  nicely  dressed  and  well  looking  person,  possessing  great  intelligence  ,  was  examined,  and  said  that  on  the  19th  of  August,  1848,  she  was  married  to  the  prisoner  in  New  York,  in  the  Roman  Catholic  Church,  of  St.  Vincent  de  Paul,  and  lived  with  him  from  that  time  up  to  the  12th  December,  1854.  When  she  heard  in  New  York  that  he  had  been  previously  married,  she  came  to  Liverpool.  Cross Crossexamined  examined Crossexamined  by  Mr.  Block.  lam  a  Roman  Catholic.  He  is  a  Protestant;  he  was  always  very  kind  to  me;  we  were  married  by  a  French  clergyman,  but  the  ceremony  was  performed  in  English.  Jane  Harris,  a  pretty  young  woman,  23  years  of  age,  who  resided  with  her  father  in  Litherland  Alley,  said,  on  the  23rd  February,  1855,  I  was  married  to  the  prisoner  in  St.  Peter's  Church.  I  knew  him  for  about  eight  months  before.  He  went  to  Boston  about  three  months  after  our  marriage,  and  returned  on  Saturday  evening  last  to  my  father's,  when  the  police  arrested  him  just  as  he  came  in.  Mr.  Block  :  That  was  a  cool  reception.  In  reply  to  him,  the  witness  said,  I  was  a  barmaid  in  a  public  house  before  we  were  mar married.  ried. married.  Mr.  Bluek  :  Was  he  not  as  drunk  as  a  pig  when  you  were  married,  and  did  nut  know  what  he  was  doing?  Witness  :  No,  he  was  quite  sober.  Mr.  Wybergh  :  No  clergyman  would  have  performed  the  ceremony  if  he  had  been  drunk.  Mr.  Bluck  said  he  was  instructed  to  state  the  fact.  Mr.  Chaloner  :  There  is  no  clergyman  would  attempt  such  a  thing.  Mr.  Bluck  :  I  should  hope  not,  but  lam  only  instructed  to  state  so.  He  asked  the  witness  if  she  knew  tie  prisoner  was  married  before  ?  and  she  replied  she  did  not.  Mr.  Block  :  Did  you  not  see  a  certificate  of  his  marriage  before  with  another  woman  ?  Witness  :  No,  but  after  we  were  married  I  heard  of  one,  and  he  told  me  it  was  a  forgery,  and  he  took  an  oath  of  it.  Mr.  Wybergh  :  That  is  after  you  were  married,  you  heard  of  the  certificate  from  New  York,  and  he  said  it  was  a  forgery  •is  that  s  o  ?  Wit Witness  ness Witness  :  Yes,  sir.  Mr.  Bl  ac  k  th  en  addressed  the  bench,  and  said  although  he  was  quite  aware  that  the  case  would  not  stop  there,  yet  he  would  mention  that  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  was  not  quite  20  when  he  married  his  first  wife,  and  after  a  year  or  two  she  disappeared  altogether  from  Liverpool  ;  he  searched  and  inquired  for  her  several  times,  but  she  was  noii  est  inventus.  From  all  the  facts,  he  was  of  opinion  that  the  punishment,  in  case  of  conviction,  would  be  slight.  The  prisoner  was  then  committed  for  trial  at  the  next  assizes.  During  the  time  the  depositions  were  being  taken,  some  four  or  five  highly  respectable  and  interesting  looking  young  ladies  entered  the  court,  and  appeared  to  take  a  deep  interest  in  the  affair.  They  spoke  to  the  three  wives,  and,  ever  and  anon,  cast  looks  of  apparent  sympathy  towards  the  prisoner.  At  the  conclusion  of  the  procceedings  all  left,  and  in  the  passage  of  the  court  there  was  a  sort  of  private  '•  baby  show  held,  the  last  wife  exhibiting  a  child  of  seven  weeks  old,  and  the  lady  from  New  York  one  of  more  mature  age.  The  first  wife's  child  being  too  old,  was  not  brought  forward.  The  show  having  ended,  the  parties  left,  but  several  of  them  had  pre previously  viously previously  shaken  hands  (two  of  the  wives  included),  with  the  prisoner  !  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE.  ♦  LIVERPOOL,  JANUARY  10.  WIND  YESTERDAY—East  North-east.  HIGH  WATER—Morn.,I2  40—Eveg.  I  4—Height,  18  ft.  1  in  ARRIVED,  Jan.  9.—Cambria  (a.),  Plymouth  SAILER  Jan.  B.—Taurus  (s.s.),  Constantinople.  Jan.  9.—Africa  Ashburton,  and  Excelsior,  New  York—Robert  Jones,  Trieste  Foam,  and  Moult,  St.  Michaels—Mary,  Havann  t—Six  Brothers,  Caen—Gomer,  Havre—Horatio,  Demarara—Lady  Shelburne,  Cape  of  Good  Rope—Thomas,  St.  John,  N.B.—Mary  Ogden,  New  Orleans  —Frederica),  Madeira."
