text
"PRISON  DISCIPLINARIANS,  WIIEN  JAILERS  DISAGREE  from  the  1  1 STYLE=superscript  ridence  taken  before  the  last  Par Partary  tary Partary  Committee  on  the  subject  of  Prison  Dis-  - STYLE=superscript  CAPTAIN  FONDLEPRIG'S  Examination  Q.  3491.  Chairman.  You  have  had  considerable  experi experice  ce experice  in  the  treatment  of  felons  and  other  prisoners,  and  have  Lde  trison  discipline  the  object  of  much  consideration  ?  Q.  3492.  Will  you  give  the  Committee  your  ideas  of  the  which  prisoners  should  be  treated.  recommend  the  utmost  kindness  and  indulgence.  urinal  should  excite  our  compassion,  and  we  should  utmost  to  alleviate  his  sense  of  the  punishment  which  makes  it  necessary  to  inflict.  I  would,  on  his  arrival,  delicately  of  course,  what  had  been  his  previous  ind  tastes.  If  he  could  read,  which  I  would  discover  tle  stratagem  (such  as  placing  a  letter  in  his  hand  zing  him  what  he  made  of  the  address,  as  it  puzzled  some  other  gentle  device),  I  would  cause  amusing  o  be  placed,  during  the  night,  in  his  cell,  and  secretly  d,  so  as  not  to  put  him  under  obligation.  If  he  of  read,  poor  fellow,  I,  or  my  wife,  or  my  daughter,  should  read  to  him  whenever  he  chose  to  ring  for  us,  and  I  would  accord  him  the  indulgence  of  a  pipe,  if  he  wished  it.  To  civilise  and  lead  him  to  the  Beautiful,  fresh  flowers  should  be  placed  in  his  cell—we  would,  in  naming  it  to  him,  call  it  his  .  grot--every  morning,  and  I  would  recom recommend  mend recommend  the  hanging  his  apartment  with  engravings  from  the  best  masters,  avoiding  of  course  any  subject  likely  to  remind  him  painfully  of  his  incarceration.  Music  should  be  sup supplied,  plied, supplied,  and  I  have  a  plan  for  bringing  .  all  the  Italian  organ organists  ists organists  where,  I  believe,  most  people  wish  they  were,  namely,  within  the  walls  of  our  goals,  to  soothe  the  minds  of  our  captives.  The  bath  should  be  recommended  to,  but  not  forced  upon  him,  and  if  he  preferred  a  warm  bath  in  his  cell,  with  Eau  de  Cologne  in  the  water,  I  should  naturally  order  it.  For  his  health's  sake,  I  should  advise  his  adhering  .egular  hours  of  meals,  but  if  he  desired  a  glass  of  sad  a  sponge  cake,  or  an  ice  and  wafers,  or  oysters  nd  stout,  between  meals,  it  would  be  inhuman  to  refuse  it.  The  bill  of  fare  should  be  brought  to  him  each  morning,  and  any  :reasonable  suggestions  he  might  make  for  its  alteration,  he  should  see  were  attended  to.  If,  which  Ido  iticipate,  he  should,  despite  this  treatment,  be  rdinate,  I  would,  after  long,  patient,  and  humble  )T  had  been  exhausted,  threaten  to  withhold  his  ice,  idraw  his  flowers,  or,  in  a  very  bad  case,  I  might  mu  de  Cologne  in  his  bath.  me,  or  books  t  to  the  r  sherry  1  R.  3493.  If  a  prisoner  were  very  rebellious,  would  you  whip  him  [  The  Witness  fainted,  and  teas  removed.  lEUTENANT  SKINNII3eB  Examination,  Q.  3494.  Chairman.  You  have  had  considerable  expe experience  rience experience  in  the  treatment  of  felons  and  other  prisoners,  and  have  made  prison  discipline  the  object  of  much  consider-  A.  I  have"
