text
"Let  us  wait  the  question  temperately  with  nA.-  of  any  empire  was  justified  in  expecting  hono4  and  liberal,  treatment  from  the  head  of  that  empire  Canada  ought  to  look  for  i  government.  There  is  not  the  smallest  n  It  ever  any  portion  ihle,  ay  such  at  the  hands  of  the  irn  riai  Lo  fly  off  at  o  pre=  of  trade,  and  the  xns  of  intercourse,  have  t  upon_independenee,  when  things  do  r  cisely  to  our  mind  consequent  extension  of  th  taken  a  strong  hold  of  tl  --  e  ,  .......  ‘,.uatuian  mina.  Dia  a  few'  schemes  are  in  agitation,  and  not  a  few  of  them  are  set  on  foot,  with  the  view  of  benefitting  particular  places  or  'districts.  What  then?  Is  not  the  good  of  the  whole  made  up  of  the  good  of  the  parts  ?  Is  not  rivalry  wholesome  ?—ln  saying  this,  we  have  before  WI  an  article  , STYLE=superscript  fontreal  Gazette  on  the  subject  of  increasing  the  trade  facilities  of  the  river  St.  Lawrence.  The  advice  giver  is  eAcellent.  Do  not  have  too  many  irons  in  the  fire.  With  one  project  for  an  Ottawa  and  Georgian  Bay  Canal,  another  for  a  railroad,  and  the  Hon.  John  Young  able  advocacy  of  an  enlargement  of  the  Welland  Canal,  and  the  junction  of  the  St.  Lawrence  and  Lake  Champlain  by  water  communication  also,  it  must  be  owned  that  there  is  danger,  of  too  much  being  attempted.  Though  we  have  just  penned  a  brief  but  merited  eulogium  on  the  worthy  head  of  the  Hudson  Bay  Company,  we  must  mark  the  pregnant  though  short  comments  of  the  Globe  of  that  2011  - STYLE=superscript  Dec.  ~  on  th  e  expect  nd  the  American  gi  n-eo  touched  in  these  column  The  subject  had  alludes  to  the  in  the  Orezod  The  Ghb,  3  plated  sale  of  property  and  rizi  itory  ;  and  then,  anticipa'ting  a  time  who  the  C  ome  A  to  dispose  of  its  Canadian  possei;!ions•  lders  against  the  supposition  that  the  Companj  IR,  as  we  say,  a  pmy  may  see  cautions  itP  ~  1  iwful  owner  of  the  soil.  The  — STYLE=superscript  theme  But  the  topic,  that  has  lately  swallowed  up  whole  columnd  of  cotetnporary  sheets,  is  the  grand  Railway  Festival  at  Toronto,  on  Thursday  of  last  week.  It  is  altogether  too  late  in  the  day  for  us  to  record  the  'good  things  that  were  said  and  done,  the  crowding  of  the  assemb!ed  guests,  the  wit  and  eloquence  of  the  speakers  at  the  afternoon's  banquet,  the  grace  and  beau.  y  of  the  women  at  the  bill  4  who  al  ways  so  thoroughly  appreciate  increased  communication  between  place  and  place.  The  Fete,  we  are  glad  to  read,  Was  brilz  lia  , STYLE=superscript  itly  successful,  Loyalty  and  liberal  neighbourabip  werd  happily  blended.  Tu  us  here  resident,  the  marked  feature  s  erns  to  have  been  the  presence,  and  thejoyous  participation  of  so  myin  visitors  from  this  side  of  the  borders.  May  the  intercourse  at  the  social  board  and  in  the  saloon  give  rise  to  many  profitable  and  agreeable  relations  l  We  can  but  add  that  this  influx  of  Americans  into  Upper  Canada  Wail  balanced  in  the  other  division  of  the  province  by  a  gathering  of  the  New  England  Society  lof  Montreal,  on  Saturday  evening  last.  Truly,  St.  Jonathan  is  a  Briareus.  }rum  New  Brudsw  ie  assent  to  the  Prohibit  or  y  Li  quor  Law  has  b  een  reeeived,,  and  the  law  %sill  go  into  operation.  No  such  impediment—as  has  here  arisen  f  rom  t  h  e  a  l  leged  interference  of  such  a  law  with  the  riihts  of  trade  conferred  by  treaty  with  foreign  countries—is  anticipated  in  New  Brunswick.  We  shall  watch  the  result;  as  we  shall  also  be  curious  to  know  the  result  of  the  Railway  Mission  to  London,  which  we  have  hitherto  omitted  to  chronicle.  The  Attorney-General  of  the  Province  is  deputed  by  the  Executive,  and  the  Hon.  ?dr.  Robertson  by  the  European  and  North  American  Railway  Company.  Need  we  say  that  we  wish  them  success'  —New  York  Albion  DERELICT  DISCOVERY-SHIP  BROUGHT  INTO  PORT  After  dealing  with  sad  naomentoes  that  concern  out'  fellow  -creatures  and  our  fellow-countrymen,  the  sympa sympathies  thies sympathies  are  not  quite  so  acute,  when  turned  upon  the  for fortunes  tunes fortunes  of  a  deserted  ship.  Nevertheless,  the  story  is  an  interesting  one,  though,  in  the  shape  in  which  it  now  comes  to  us,  it  loses  the  charm  of  novelty.  We  know  already  (vide  the  Albion  of  the  Bth  Dec.,)  how  an  enterprising  Am  rican  master  of  a  whaler  had  boarded  and  taken  pos-  RNcainn  of  R  XI  A  .  Boned  in  the  ice,  in  the  summer  of  last  year,  by  Captain  Kellett,  in  obedience  to  the  order  of  his  senior  officer,  Captain  Sir  Edward  Belcher.  All  the  particulars  of  that  affair  have  long  since  been  recorded  in  these  columns;  though  the  drifting  of  that  crewless  and  unguided  vessel,  through  successive  Straits,  and  over  a  course  of  a  thou thoumil  mil- thoumil  san  —des,  was  unseen  of  human  eye.  Such  a  voyage.  however,  is  not  an  absolute  mystery.  When.  with  Lieut.  De  Haven,  U.S.N.,  Dr.  Kane  first  explored  the  wonders  of  the  northern  deep,  it  will  be  recollected  how  the  tiny  schooners  were  borne  along,  for  months,  embedded  in  a  frozen  mass.  But  the  circumstances  are  familiar,  and  need  only  be  recalled.  A  curious  question—that  of  salvage—is  suggested  by  this  hardy  whaleman's  lucky  adventure.  National  vessels  are  not  supposed  to  be  abandoned,  in  the  ordinary  marine  acceptation  of  the  term.  The  Queen  might  claim  her  property.  It  is  not,  however,  possible  that  so  un ungenerous  generous ungenerous  a  course  would  be  adopted,  unless  the  full  esti estimated  mated estimated  value  of  the  prize  be  paid  over  to  the  salvors.  This  will  probably  be  done.  Naval  etiquette  might  not  relish  the  idea  of  the  broad  arrow  beino.  treated  without  respect;  an  I  so,  we  presume,  Captain  Baldington  and  his  crew  will  divide  the  spoil,  in  money,  amongst  them,  and  the  Admiral  on  the  Halifax  and  West  India  station,  will  be  ordered  to  Resolute.—New  take  York  char  Agelbio  of  n  her  Majesty's  discovery  -ship  .  TUE  QUEEN'S  PRESENT  Ta  MISS  NIGIITINGALIS.—The  design  of  the  jewel  is  admirable,  and  the  effect  no  less  bril brilliant  liant brilliant  than  chaste.  It  is  characteristic  and  emblematical— emblematicalbeing  being emblematicalbeing  formed  of  a  St.  George's  cross  in  ruby  red  enamel,  on  a  white  fiel,l,  representing  England.  This  is  encircled  by  a  black  band,  typifying  the  office  of  Charity,  in  which  is  in inscribed  scribed inscribed  a  golden  legend,  Blessed  are  the  of  from  course,  in  allusion  to  the  merits  of  Miss  Florence  Nightingale.  the  recipient.  The  royal  donor  is  expressed  by  the  ,  l  w  et  h  t  m  e  imt  rs  e.  nfgland.  p  r  V STYLE=superscript  es  . STYLE=superscript  se  i STYLE=superscript  d  l. STYLE=superscript  ;IP  0  o  surrounded  th  o  centre  byof  thea  crown  s  t.a  George's  es  e?  diamonds,  ss  which,lalas2e  rsanyr.slpoofsedg  namel,  otlod  represent  emanating STYLE=superscript  the  1  ,  0  r;  .  i  o  t  i  1:  77  e  ~.f  i,  Z  r  r STYLE=superscript  ‘Eo  _ STYLE=superscript  o.  ,  their  shield"
