text
"South  American  colonies  from  Spain,  they  adopted  the  decimal  system.  In  Canada  they  found  the  old  system.  of  pounds,  shillings,  and  pence  so  inconvenient,  that  they  in introduced  troduced introduced  a  law  for  the  adoption  of  decimal  coinage.  Even  in  Bermuda  they  followed  the  example.  Portugal,  which  had  the  decimal  system  of  coinage,  was  about  adopting  the  same  system  in  weights  and  measures.  Every  gentleman  who  had  travelled  in  Spain  or  in  Germany  knew  the  extreme  difficulty  of  understanding  their  money  ;  and  foreigners  coming  into  England  had  just  the  same  difficulty  in  under understanding  standing understanding  the  system  here.  The  coins  recommended  by  the  parliamentary  committee  were  pounds,  florins,  cents,  and  mils,  People  might  keep  their  accounts  under  this  system  In  any  way  which  they  found  most  convenient.  They  might  put  down  £l,  999  mils,  if  they  thought  fit,  placing  the  deci decimal  mal decimal  point  after  the  £l.  They  might  call  it  £l,  9  florins,  99  mils,  or  farthings,  for  he  might  call  them  farthings,  they  only  being  4  per  cent.  less  than  the  the  farthings  in  use  at  present.  They  might  divide  the  account  if  they  pleased  into  four  columns,  and  write  £l,  9  florins,  9  cents,  9  mils.  The  coins  which  it  would  be  necessary  for  change,  taking  the  sovereign  as  the  unit,  were  the  half-sovereign,  which  Would  be  500  mils,  the  crown  2  50 STYLE=superscript  ,  the  half-crown  125,  the  florinloo,  the  shilling  50,  and  the  sixpence,  25.  They  would  perceive  that  none  of  these  coins  were  coins  of  ac account  count account  except  the  sovereign  and  the.  florin  ;  but  they  would  be  very  convenient  for  change.  It  was  further  recommended  by  the  committee  that  10,  20,  and  30  cent.  pieces  should  be  coined  as  the  half-crowns,  shillings,  and  sixpence  were  called  in,  gradually  to  replace  them.  It  was  by  no  means  necessary  that  the  present  coins  should  be  withdrawn  Until  the  new  coins  were  substituted.  Provided  each  coin  had  the  number  of  farthings  marked  upon  it  which  it  repre represented,  sented, represented,  the  public  could  have  no  difficulty  in  understanding  that  the  piece  marked  50  farthings  was  precisely  the  same  as  the  present  shilling,  and  the  piece  marked  26  farthings  the  same  as  the  present  sixpence.  It  was  also  recommended  that  they  should  have  a  live-mil  piece,  a  two-mil  piece,  and  a  one  mil  piece.  He  very  much  doubted,  however,  whether  they  did  not  rather  overlook  some  very  important  evidence  given  by  Sir  John  Herschel,  and  'Mr.  Miller,  assistant  cashier  of  the  Bank  of  England.  If  those  gentlemen's  views  had  been  entertained,  the  whole  coinage  of  England  might  have  been  decimalised  in  a  day  by  proclamation.  The  large  penny  which  was  in  circulation  in  the  country,  and  which  was  easily  known  by  its  broad  rim,  might,  according  to  his  suggestions,  be  marked  5  mils,  the  small  penny  4  mils,  the  halfpenny  2  mils,  and  the  farthing  one  mil.  Mr.  Miller  explained  that  in  his  position  in  the  bank  he  was  aware  that  the  large  penny  and  the  small  penny  came  in  in  such  proportions  that  the  publii  neither  gained  nor  lost—if  any anything  thing anything  the  public  gained  two  per  cent  and  the  government  lost  it,  but  so  many  of  the  coins  were  received  that  the  government  would  probably  lose  nothing.  If  the  copper  coin  of  the  country  were  equally  distributed  between  the  people,  each  individual  would  hold  9d.,  and  those  who  held  the  small  penny  would  be  losers  in  one  and  one-twenty one-twentyfourth  fourth one-twentyfourth  of  a  farthing.  The  ex-governor  of  the  Bank  of  England,  Mr.  Hankey,  gave  very  good  evidence,  stating.  that  they  had  there  found  it  convenient  to  adopt  the  decimal  system  in  the  buying  and  selling  of  bullion.  Sir  John  Herschel  stated  that  he  approved  of  what  the  bank  had  done,  and  that  he  would  follow  their  example  at  the  earliest  possible  period,  so  far  as  the  mint  was  concerned.  General  Paisley,  who  had  written  one  of  the  most  able  and  sensible  works  in  1834  which  had  been  published  upon  the  subject,  a  work  which  could  not  be  too  generally  read,  showed  the  great  discrepancy  in  weights  and  measures  which  existed  throughout  the  country,  so  that  persons  scarcely  ever  knew  what  a  bushel  represented  in  other  places,  or  a  pound,  or  what  quantity  other  persons  meant  in  using  these  terms.  The  pound  of  butter  was  10  ounces  in  one  place,  16  ounces  in  another,  20  ounces  in  another,  and  so  with  all  other  matters.  General  Paisley  and  Mr.  Taylor  gave  very  strong  examples  of  the  saving  of  labor  which  would  be  effected  by  the  introduc introduction  tion introduction  of  the  decimal  system.  A  calculation  which  with  the  decimal  system,  66  figures,  required,  n  what  he  might  call  their  present  barbarous  system,  208  figures.  Thus  the  saving  of  time  was  really  of  itself  a  consideration  of  very  great  importance.  Professor  de  Morgan  told  the  committee—and  he  believed  with  a  great  deal  of  truth,  be because  cause because  it  was  confirmed  by  the  other  evidence  they  had  re received  ceived received  that  the  saving  of  labor  to  the  master  in  teaching,  and  the  scholar  in  learning,  arithmetic,  would  be  more  than  half  saved  by  the  introduction  of  the  decimal  system.  The  astronomer  royal  confirmed  the  views  of  Professor  de  Mor Morgan  gan Morgan  as  to  the  saving  of  time  and  labour  in  calculation  ;  and  ,  stated  that  mapy  astronomical  observations  could  not  be  ear ear-1  -1 ear-1  ried  on  without  it,  and  that  it  was  essential  to  the  man  of  )  science.  It  would  be  found  that  the  introduction  of  the  sys system  tem system  in  the  smaller  coins  would  be  equally  important  to  the  poor.  Mr.  Kirke  and  Mr.  Lindsay  gave  very  valuable  evi evidence  dence evidence  upon  that  point.  Each  of  them  managed  12  or  14  shops,  some  in  London  and  some  in  Liverpool.  He  had  al always  ways always  felt  convinced,  and  he  thought  the  evidence  before  the  parliamentary  committee  bore  out  the  opinion,  that  they  never  sufficiently  appreciated  the  intelligence  and  aptitude  of  the  labouring  classes  ;  and  he  did  not  think  there  would  be  any  difficulty  in  the  way  of  their  understanding  the  pure  decimal  system,  and  nothing  else  but  the  pure  decimal  sys system  tem system  Would  produce  the  advantages  which  were  desired.  Mr.  Bevan,  one  of  the  bankers,  gave  very  excellent  evidence  upon  the  advantages  which  would  be  produced  by  the  decimal  sys sys'  ' sys'  tem,  in  facilitating  the  operations  of  the  banking  system.  The  Duke  of  Leinster  explained  that  when  the  currency  was  changed  in  Ireland,  and  the  13d.  Irish  changed  to  the  12d.  British,  he  had  no  difficulty  in  enabling  his  labourers  to  un understand  derstand understand  it,  when  once  he  had  explained  to  them  that  the  12d.  English  would  go  as  far,  in  buying  eggs  or  butter,  as  the  13d.  Irish.  In  Ireland,  owing  to  the  great  scarcity  of  coin,  there  had  been  issued  tenpenny  tokens.  There  was  no  difficulty  whatever  about  it,  because  the  people  knew  that  they  would  be  redeemed.  In  a  visit  to  the  north  of  Ireland  in  1809,  he  found  that  the  linen  sellers  were  paid  by  the  linen-drapers  always  in  gold,  and  travelled  from  market  to  market  with  large  rolls  of  gold  in  their  poekets.  It  was  thought  desirable  that  they  should  become  accustomed  to  receive  bank  notes  in  payment,  and  a  large  quantity  of  gold  and  silver  was  changed  into  notes,  and  in  a  short  time  they  found  the  notes  were  much  more  convenient  to  carry,  more  safe  and  more  portable  than  the  guineas.  Another  effect  was  this,  which  appeared  to  him  to  deserve  much  considera consideration.  tion. consideration.  Many  parties  who  could  not  read  before  learned  to  read  in  order  that  they  might  understand  the  bank  notes  in  which  they  were  to  be  paid,  so  that  in  an  educational  point  of  view  the  change  was  most  desirable.  Mr.  Arbuthnot  also  gave  very  valuable  evidence,  but  he  remarked  that  the  chief  difficulty,  he  apprehended,  was  that  the  industrial  people,  the  hard-working  men  w  ould STYLE=superscript  no STYLE=superscript  t  so  readily  com comprehend  prehend comprehend  the  change.  Now  he  (Mr.  Brown)  totally  disagreed  With  that.  He  thought,  that  the  industrial  classes  had  a  great  deal  of  aptitude  for  calculation,  and  that  they  under under,•  ,• under,•  stood  the  value  of  farthings  and  pence  better  than  many  persons  in  the  higher  classes  did  of  pounds.  It  had  been  suggested  that  if  an  attempt  were  made  to  equalise  the  coinage  of  all  the  great  countries  of  the  world  it  would  be  in  advantage.  There  was  no  doubt  that  if  every  country  adopted  precisely  the  same  quantity  of  gold  and  silver,  and  the  same  fineness,  it  would  be  an  ,  advantage.  But  the  objection  was  this.  They  were  all  aware,  from  history,  that  it  had  been  frequently  the  practice  of  despotic  monarchs  in  order  to  meet  the  exigences  of  the  times,  to  put  more  alloy  in  the  coin.  He  remembered  himself  that  in  the  United  States  when  gold  and  silver  were  equal  tenders,  the  sovereign  was  taken  at  4  dollars  and  44  cents  ;  but  as  they  found  that  their  gold  was  leaving  them  in  order  to  get  more  in,  they  raised  the  value  of  the  sovereign  to  4  dollars  84  cents  at  which  it  now  stood.  At  this  moment  they  were  also  contemplating  depreciating  the  value  of  silver  7  per  cent.  With  respect  to  the  exchanges,  they  all  knew  that  through throughout  out throughout  the  whole  mercantile  civilised  world  the  pound  sterling  was  the  basis  of  all  exchange STYLE=superscript  operations,  and  that  any  change  in  that  respect  would  cause  a  degree  of  derangement  and  inconvenience STYLE=superscript  which  could  scarcely  be  contemplated.  (Hear,  hear).  Indeed  Pro Professor  fessor Professor  De  Morgan  and  the  astronomer  royal  stated  that  it  would  be  fatal  to  any  system  to  attempt  to  change  the  sovereign  so  as  to  make  it  otherwise  than  the  unit  of  account.  He  had  really  felt  the  question  to  be  of  so  much  importance,  that  to  endeavour  to  impress  it  upon  the  Public,  he  had  taken  some  trouble  in STYLE=superscript  disseminating  the  report  of  the  decimal  coinage  committee,  and  he  had  letters  from  the  Society  of  Arts  which  quite  approved  of  the  steps  he  had  taken.  They  were  in  correspondence  with  five  or  six  hundred  societies,  and  meant  to  publish  the  letter  with  such  remarks  as  they  thought  fit  to  add.  With  regard  to  the  government,  he  should  observe  that  no  government  liked  to  move  unless  they  found  that  public  opinion  sustained  them  ;  and  he  believed  that  the  government  at  present  were  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  in  unison  with  the  views  of  the  decimal  coinage  com committee  mittee committee  if  they  got  proper  support.  (Hear,  hear).  That  was  one  reason  why  he  took  the  liberty  of  calling  upon  his  wor worship  ship worship  the  Mayor  to  convene  that  meeting,  that  full  informa information  tion information  might  be  supplied  upon  the  subject.  As  there  were  many  speakers  who  were  qualified  to  place  the  matter  before  the  meeting  in  a  much  better  light  than  he  could  do,  he  did  not  know  than  it  was  necessary  for  him  to  take  up  any  more  of  their  time  that  by  reading  the  resolution  and  moving  its  adoption.  Mr  Brown  then  again  read  the  resolution  and  moved  that  it  be  adopted  by  the  meeting.  After  which  he  resumed  his  seat  amid  loud  applause.  Mr.  Boucir,  the  vice-president  of  the  chamber  of  win wink  k wink  tierce,  was  then  called  upon  to  second  the  motion.  He  re  marked  that  in  the  absence  of  the  president  it  devolved  upon  him  to  second  the  resolution  which  had  just  been  read.  He  ;  did  so  with  a  great  deal  of  pleasure,  and  after  the  very  able  speech  which  Mr.  Brown  had  delivered,  he  would  only  be  ,  needlessly  occupying  their  time  in  at  all  expatiating  on  the  subject.  It  was,_  however,  necessary  that  he  (Mr.  Bouch)  should  give  to  Mr.  Brown  the  credit  which  he  had  not  taken  to  himself,  and  which  he  so  richly  deserved.  Although  he  had  been  pleased  to  state  that  the  chamber  of  commerce  ap-  Pointed  a  committee  to  investigate  the  question,  it  was  right  to  tell  the  meeting  that  Mr.  Brown  brought  the  subject  before  the  chamber  of  commerce  by  a  letter  expressly  connected  With  it.  (Hear,  hear).  It  afforded  him  (Mr.  Bouch)  the  greatest  satisfaction,  as  an  officer  of  the  chamber  of  commerce,  to  find  that  the  labours  of  the  committee  had  been  seconded,  carried  out,  and  confirmed  by  a  committee  of  the  house  of  commons,  whose  report  they  had  been  at  the  trouble  to  re-  Print,  and  they  would  be  glad  if  any  gentleman  present  of  take  the  trouble  of  perusing  a  copy  of  it.  The  house  ut  commons  had  satisfied  itself,  after  a  very  patient  investi investigation,  gation, investigation,  that  the  decimal  system  of  coinage  was  absolutely  ne nec.csaary  c.csaary nec.csaary STYLE=superscript  to  carry  on  the  commercial  pursuits  of  this  great  nintry,  and  it  did  seem  to  him  to  be  very  remarkable  that  a STYLE=superscript  aouatry  like  England  should  be  almost  the  last  to  take  up  '  I STYLE=superscript  lOWA  which  was  becoming  almost  universal,  and  which"
