text
"Gardner,  the  solicitor,  an'l  which  contained  his  report  on  the  analysis  made  of  the  contents  of  the  lor  to  NI  stomach  of  M  Cook,  is  exciting  an  amount  of  interest  tittle  short  of  that  created  by  the  alleged  poisoner  himself.  It  is  1:n  awn  now  that  Cheshire  was  one  of  the  referees  in  nearly  all  he  made  to  the  insurance  offices  by  er.  and  he  is  supposed  to  have  been  cl  ,, STYLE=superscript  sely  mixed  up  •imer  in  many  of  his  mysterious  and  4ionable  trangaet  ion..  What  adds  to  the  importance  attracted  to  this  ice  robbery,  is  t  being  sum  of  his  receiving  a  present  of  game  from  Palmer,  together  with  two  letters  which  the  man  Geo.  Bates  conveyed  from  a•  circumstances  of  much  secrecy.  Gr.ssip  is  very  busy  respecting  those  two  letters,  and  the  alleged  acy  between  Palmer  and  the  Corm  hut  it  would  be  unfair  to  give  currency  to  any  rumours  at  present,  or  until  the  coroner  has  given  evidence  on  the  subject  which  he  will  do  at  the  adjourned  hearing  of  the  case  ,on  Thursday  next  There  is  no  truth  in  the  report  that  Sergeant  Wilkins  is  yet  engaged  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner  ;  and  Mr.  Huddle Huddleston,  ston, Huddleston,  instead  of  being  retained  for  him,  has  been  secured  for  the  prosecution.  A  host  of  representatives  from  the  insurance  offices  arrived  to-day.  FURTFIF,TZ  SUSPICIONS  Among  the  persons  who  have  pith  - STYLE=superscript  enefir;(l;uddenly  at,  or  disappeared  mysteriously  from.  Tingeley,  y;  as  the  mother:  of  Mrs.  Palmer,  who  had  formerly  sprung  from  a  very  humble  origin.  She  was  a  person  of  eccentric  habits,  living  at  Stafford,  and  not  keeping  any  servants,  although  possessed  of  considerable  pronerty.  Shortly  before  her  death  in  the  year  1818  or  1849.  Palmer  called  upon  her  at  Stafford,  and  she  refused  to  admit  himalleg.  ing  that  she  was  afraid  of  him,  as  he  had  once  given  her  something  to  drink  which  had  made  sick.  Palmer,  finding  he  entail  not  get  admission,  Induced  the  wife  of  her  next  door  neighbour  to  go  to  'her  to  prevail  upon  her  to  admit  hlm,  alleging  that  she  was  ill,  and  that  as  he  was  her  son-in-law.  and  a  medical  man,  he  must  see  her.  She  refused  for  a  long  time.  but  at  length  consented  to  see  him,  not  in  her  own  house,  but  in  thp  next  house.  and  in  the  presence  of  a  witness.  At  the  interview.  Palmer  en  to  lend  him  some  money,  and  also  ask  requested  h  her  to  go  and  live  at  his  house,  stating  that  she  would  he  far  more  comfortable  with  her  daughter.  She  refused  to  give  him  the  money,  and  he  left  her  much  incensed.  The  poor  woman  afterwards,  fearing  that  Palmer  world  ill-treat  her  daughter  on  his  •  return  home  if  she  did  not  give  him  'some  money,  went  to  the  bank,  and,  having  procured  £29,  forwarded  it  to  him.  She  also  said  that,  i  f  she  were  to  go  and  reside  under  the  same  roof  with  hltn.  she  would  not  live  a  fortok  , STYLE=superscript  h..  Her  forebodings  proved  to  he  true.  as,  notwithstanding  her  dread  of  personal  vio violence,  lence, violence,  she  afterwards  went  to  reside  with  her  daughter  (ITrs.  Palmer),  and  died  in  four  days  of  erwards.  An Another  other Another  person  who  disappeared  mysterionsly  a  few  ye  Ira  ago  was  a  commercial  traveller,  named  Duffy,  who  annears  to  have  been  on  terms  of  intimacy,  not  only  with  Palmer's  mother,  but  with  her  sans.  This  person  was  known  to  have  some  misunderstanding  with  the  Palmers,  and  to  have  abruptly  left  the  house,  repairing  to  a  small  inn  in  Rugeley.  He  ordered  his  dinner  and  went  nut,  hut  has  never  since  been  heard  of.  The  only  luggage  he  brought  with  him  was  a  Carpet  hag,  and  this  has  since  been  found  to  contain  a  number  of  letters  from  Mrs.  Palmer,  sen.,  and  from  Willi^m  Palmer,  which  leave  no  doubt  as  to  the  nature  of  the  intimacy  between  the  former  and  Dawn,  and  of  the  fact  of  William  Palmer  being  cognisant  of  it.  It  is  now  stated  that.  shortly  after  the  di  sappearance  of  Duffy.  a  well  in  Palmer's  garden  w  vs  filled  up  and  another  sunk  9  its  supply  of  water.  A  gentleman  named  at  a  short  distance,  it  being  alleged  that,  the  fi  rs  t  well  was  deficient  i  Stevens,  who  married  the  deceased  Cook's  mother,  is  dour  everything  in  his  power  to  serye,the  ends  of  justice.  The  coolness  of  Palmer  with  respect  to  the  death  of  Cook  al almost  most almost  exceeds  belief.  He  himself  proposed  to  Mr.  Stevens  to  conduct  the  cost-mort-m  examination  on  the  body  of  Cook,  and  in  his  diary,  now  in  the  hands  of  the  police,  is  an  entry  in  the  following  words  Attended  pest-mortem  examination  upon  poor  Mr.  Henry  A,  Deane.  of  Gray's  Tnn,  the  solieltor  engaged  by  the  assurance  offices  for  the  prose  cu  ti  on  ,  h  as  been  indefatigabl  e  in  hieexertions  to  collect  i  n  f  orma  ti  on  .  an  d  has  most  imnnrtant  obtained  evidence  relation.  to  the  deaths  of  Mrs.  Wm,  Palmer  and  o  f.  Mr.  Walter  Palmer.  The  diaries  and  private  papers  of  William  Palmer  contain  entries  of  those  persons,  and  in  the  search  which  took  place  Mr.  Deane  Was  enabled  to  make  some  discoveries  tending  to  throw  light  „  non  other  matters  enonected  with  the  personal  history  of  the  Reused.  Duringthe  inquest,  on  the  body  of  Conk,  P  a  l  mer  ex excused  cused excused  himself  from  attending,on  the  ground  t  h  at  he  was  unwell.  After  the  jury  had  returned  their  verdict,  Cant.  Batton,  the  c  hi  e  f  consta  b  le  o  f  th  e  county,  requested  Mr.  Monckton,  su  rgeon,  o  f  R  uge  l  e  y.  to  accomecan— accomecany  y accomecany  him  to  Palmer's  house  to  ascertain  the  state  of  his  health  before  he  took  him  into  custody  on  the  charge.  Palmer  was  found  in  bed.  He  had  three  feather  beds  under  him,  and  eight  b  lankets  over  him,  and  was  ev  i  dently  what  is  called  i  n  snorting  phraseology,  sweat  i  ng  himself  Captain  'Hatton  having  informed  him  of  the  finding  of  th  e  jury,  t  o  ld  him  that  be  arrested  him  for  the  wilful  mur  d  er  of  Mr.  Cook,  Palmier  said,  with  great  composure,  V  ery  and  then  cotnpiained  of  great  weakness.  Captain  Hatton  said  that  if  he  required  any  assistance  in  d-essing  himself,  the  police  who  were  in  the  house  would  assist  him.  - STYLE=superscript  Palmer  then  prepared  to  leave  the  house,  but  subsequently  to  doing  go  t  threw  his  arms  round  the  nook"
