text
"I  lady's  body,  all  doubt  inquiry  wai  removed,  nd  the  spectators  in  thi  densely  crowded  coiirt  looked  for  a  verdict  of  wilfu  ier  as  a  matter  of  course,  aril  when  it  was  given  their  ekpressionS  of  satisfaction  were  frequent  and  undisguised.  In  the  case  of  Walter  Palmer  it  is  idle  to  deny  that  a  similar  verdict  is  looked  for,  although  it  is  understood  that  no  traces  of  poison  have  been  found.  There  are  no  less  than  forty-seven  witnesses  to  be  examined,  some  of  whom  it  is  said  will  be  brought  forward  to  prove  that  strychnine  was  administered  to  the  deceased  by  the  prisoner,  William  Palmer.  Since  the  verdict  last  night,  Palmier  has  been  visited  by  some  of  his  friends;  and  when  the  result  of  the  inquest  wa§  communicated  to  him,  he  is  said  to  have  received  the  verdict  in  the  coolest  manner,  remarking,  I  it  is  just  what  I  expected;  they  would  hang  me  there  [ltugeley]  if  they  had  a  It  is  mnderstood  that  in  consequence  of  the  large  amount  of  prejudice  against  the  prisoner  here,  an  application  will  be  made  to  have  the  case  removed  from  Staffordshire,  and  tried  in  some  other  county.  I  learn  that  theie  will  be  no  objection  to  such  an  application  on  the  part  of  the  drOwil.  The  case  that  will  be  opened  to-morrow  is  likely  to  lead  to  disclosures  implicating  several  parties  in  the  insurance  transactions.  Not  withstanding  the  denial  in  the  London  papers  by  Mr.  Prat,  solicitor,  of  Mayfair,  London,  that  he  had'anything  to'  do  with  the  insurance;  but,  in  a  bond  fide:  manner,  evidence  Will  be  produced  before  the  inquiry  is  over,  that  Mr.  Pratt  actually  made  the  proposals  on  behalf  of  William  Palmer,  for  the  insurance  of  Walter  Palmer's  life,  in  the  Gresham  for  £l5  000  ;  the  Indisput Indisputable  able Indisputable  for  £14.000;  the  Universal  for  £13,000;  and  the  Prince  of  Wales  for  4:13000,  whiCh  was  the  only  proposal  ultimately  accepted.  The  whole  of  the  proposaN  on  be behalf  half behalf  of  the  life  of  Walter  Palmer  amounted  to  £82,000,  and  had  they  all  been  accepted,  the  annual  premiums  upon  them,  calculating  at  the  rate  charged  by  the  Prince  of  Wales  office,  would  have  been  £l5OO  a  year  !  The  whole  of  the  proposals  made  on  the  life  of  Mrs.  Palmer,  amounted  to  £34,000,  e  13,000  only  of  which  was  accepted,  and  paid  by  the  different  offices."
