text
"WEST  DERBY  BOARD  OF  GUARDIANS.  The  guardians  of  this  board  held  their  weekly  meeting  at  the  board-room  yesterday,  Mr.  J.  HARRISON  in  the  chair.  The  guardians  present  were  Messra.  Heyes,  Roskel,  Brown,  Lunt,  Mountfield,  Craig,  Carter,  Smith,  Kirkus,  Mac  Gee,  Horsfall,  Roberts,  G.  Harrison,  Abrahams,  Medcalf,  and  Jeffreys.  The  governor  of  the  house  reported  that  there  were  669  paupers  in  the  house,  and  that  for  the  corresponding  week  last  year,  there  were  731.  There  had  been  one  death  in  the  house.  Cheques  to  the  amount  of  £l9B  were  drawn  by  the  four  re relieving  lieving relieving  officers  for  out-door  relief.  The  CLERK  laid  before  the  board  several  letters  received  from  the  unions,  instructing  that  board  not  to  relieve  paupers  belonging  to  these  districts  ;  and  the  clerk  was  instructed  to  request  such  unions  to  receive  their  paupers  without  the  regular  removal  order.  The  new  board-room  was  ordered  to  be  in insured  sured insured  in  the  Royal  Insurance  office  for  £5OO.  There  being  no  other  business  the  board  separated.  A  fire  took  place  on  yesterday,  in  the  warehouse  of  a  cabinet  maker,  Hill-street,  Finsbury,  London.  The  whole  premises  and  stock  were  consumed.  A  disastrous  fire  occurred  at  Wolverhampton,  on  Thursday  last,  on  the  premises  of  Perry  and  Son,  tin  and  Japan  ware  manufacturers.  The  damage  done  will  reach  £2OOO.  IT  IS  WELL  TO  MEND.—The  Christmas  show  of  meat  at  the  butchers'  shops  in  Burton-on-Trent,  has  been  unusually  good,  and  free  from  the  prevailing  fault  of  former  years,  of  more  fat  than  meat.—  Wolverhampton  paper.  RAILWAY  INTELLIGENCE.  —Mr.  Broughton,  a  gentleman  formerly  connected  with  the  Grand  Junction  Canal  Com Company,  pany, Company,  has  been  appointed  traffic  Manage:  in  Birmingham  for  the  London  and  North-Western  railway,  in  the  room  of  the  late  Lieutenant  Eborall,  R.N.  DINNER  TO  SAMUEL  Low,  ESQ.,  MAYOR  OF  WALSALL.  —A  complimentary  dinner  to  the  mayor  of  Walsall,  who  in  November  last  was  unanimously  re-elected  to  that  office,  was  given  at  the  George  Hotel,  Walsall,  on  Thursday  evening  last.  John  Walters,  said  to  be  an  Irishman,  has  been  com committed  mitted committed  from  Wolverhampton,  for  the  murder  of  Thomas  Price,  a  butcher,  in  June,  1852.  He  had  since  absconded.  The  cause  of  the  attack  was,  that  the  deceased  inter  rifled  to  ea-re  a  - STYLE=superscript  woman,  whom  Walters  and  another  were  a  busing.  GOING  TO  THE  RIGHT  SHOP.—The  London  police  re reports  ports reports  publish  rather  a  grave  joke  upon  the  hon.  Mr.  Norton.  Upon  Monday  last,  it  appears  a  man  appeared  in  his  court  and  presented  him  with  a  letter  requesting  his  advice  res respecting  pecting respecting  the  steps  he  should  adopt  towards  his  wife  whom  he  accused  of  entering  a  coffee  with  a  middle  aged  gentleman.  The  worthy  magistrate  received  the  petition  with  great  calmness,  but  does  not  appear  to  have  given  any  satisfactory  advice  to  the  applicant.  EVRRTON  CHURCH  MISSIONARY  SOClETY.—Yesterday  a  sale  of  fancy  and  useful  articles  commenced  at  the  school  room,  Mill-lane,  the  proceeds  of  which  are  to  be  appropriated  to  the  funds  of  the  Church  Missionary  Society.  Three  of  the  upper  rooms  were  most  tastefully  fitted  up  as  sale-rooms,  with  most  beautiful  specimens  of  needlework,  and  fancy  articles  of  every  description.  The  ladies  taking  .  an  interest  in  the  missionary  cause,  residing  in  the  distrnt  officiated  as  saleswomen,  and  from  the  zeal  manifested  they  doubtlessly  obtained  high  prices  and  numerous  customers.  The  sale  will  continue  this  day  and  to-morrow.  SCOTTISH  AGRICULTURE.—The  exhibition  of  agricultural  produce  at  the  corn  exchange,  Edinburgh,  is  a  sig  ht  calcu calculated  lated calculated  to  fill  with  pleasure  and  pride  the  heart  of  every  lover  of  his  country.  The  noble  building  is  lightly  and  gracefully  decorated  with  a  profusion  of  evergreens,  most  tastefully  disposed,  and  a  great  variety  of  ornate  inscriptions,  shields,  convolved  ribbons,  with  mottoes,  arranged,  designed,  and  executed  by  Mr.  George  Potts,  with  marvellous  celerity  and  effect.  The  exchange  was  this  day  crowded  with  the  elite  of  the  proprietary  of  the  land,  as  well  as  the  actual  producers,  who  were  not  one  whit  more  excitedly  interested  that  their  associates.—North  British  Mail.  GARROTTE  ROBBERIES  IN  BIRMINGHAM.—At  about  half halfpast  past halfpast  twelve  o'clock  on  Thursday  night,  as  a  man  named  William  Malone,  of  Newhall-street,  in  that  town,  was  pro proceeding  ceeding proceeding  along  Bath-street,  he  was  stopped  by  two  men  and  a  woman.  One  of  the  villains  held  him  by  the  throat,  while  the  others  rifled  his  pockets  of  £6  10s.  in  gold  and  silver,  leaving  him  insensible  in  the  street.  On  Tuesday  evening,  about  six  o'clock,  as  a  boat-owner,  named  John  Dance,  of  Gloucestershire,  was  in  the  neighbourhood  of  New  Canal-street,  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  he  was  met  by  three  men,  one  of  whom  held  him  by  the  throat,  whilst  the  others  took  from  his  pocket  a  purse  containing  fifteen  sovereigns.  INDICATIONS  OF  A  SEVERE  WINTER.—If  there  be  any  truth  in  what  old  people  say  respecting  large  flocks  of  birds  being  an  indication  of  a  severe  winter,  we  have  never  seen  stronger  symptoms  of  one  than  in  the  present  season.  Large  and  numerous  flocks  of  wild  geese,  wild  ducks,  widgeons,  teal,  and  wild  fowl,  have,  within  the  last  few  days,  been  observed  to  pass  over  the  city  ;  and  we  h  ave  observed  that  they  are  very  numerous  in  the  vicinities  of  the  Wye  and  Lugg.  Fieldfares,  redwings,  starlings,  &amp;c.,  were  never  known  to  be  more  numerous,  or  in  larger  flocks  ;  and,  within  the  last  few  days,  we  have  known  an  extraordinary  number  of  the  latter  kind  of  bird  killed  at  a  single  shot.  The  season  appears  to  promise  :plentiful  sport  for  minor  sportsmen.-  Hereford  Journal.  EXTENSIVE  FRAUD  BY  A  WOLVERHAMPTON  CLERK.—  A  respectable-looking  young  man,  named  James  Smalley,  late  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Morton  and  Langley,  merchants,  of  Wolverhampton,  was  brought  up  yesterday  (Tuesd  l  y,)  a  t  the  Public-office,  Birmingham,  charged  with  obtaining  an  immense  quantii,y  of  goods  from  various  manufacturers  in  Birmingham,  under  the  false  pretence  that  they  were  for  Messrs.  Morton  and  Langley,  of  Wolverhampton.  —Mr.  Powell  appeared  for  the  prosecution,  from  which  it  appeared  that  about  £2OO  worth  of  goods  had  thus  been  obt  aine  d  b  y  the  - STYLE=superscript  prisoner.  The  young  man  admitted  h's  crime,  and  has  been  seat  for  trial.—  Wolverhampton  Herald,  Wednesday.  THE  COAL  AND  IRON  TRADE.—The  coal  trade  maintains  unexampled  activity,  and  in  the  districts  west  of  Dudley  colliers  remain  quiet,  but  east  of  Dudley  some  of  them  are  very  restless,  and  threaten  to  strike  for  an  advance  of  wages.  The  iron  trade  retains  its  active  character,  and  the  demand  still  continues  very  great.  Some  of  the  ironmasters  are  not  satisfied  with  existing  rates,  and  at  the  preliminary  meeting  which  will  be  shortly  held,  the  present  state  of  the  trade  will  be  fully  canvassed,  with  a  view  of  further  regulating  the  price,  so  as  to  meet  the  exorbitantly  high  charges  upon  coal  and  mine.  Hot  blast  mine  pigs  are  realising  £5  per  ton,  and  cold  blast  from  £5  10s.  to  £5  15s.  Good  ironstone  is  fetching  Vs.  per  ton,  and  is  in  great  request.  The  state  of  the  district  is  good,  and  labour  in  high  request.—  Waiver Waiverhan2pton  han2pton Waiverhan2pton  Herald.  MAN  KILLED.  —On  Thursday  evening  shortly  after  the  passing  of  a  down  train  along  the  Caledonian  railway  near  to  the  farm  of  Gain,  in  the  parish  of  New  Mon  kland,  Airdrie,  the  cries  of  a  person  evidently  in  great  distress,  were  heard  by  a  man  at  the  farm  house.  He  went  to  die  spot  from  whence  the  sounds  proceeded,  and  found  there  a  man  writhing  in  the  last  throes  of  death,  from  having  been  frightfully  mutilated  by  the  train  passing  over  him.  In  answer  to  inquiry  he  was  only  able  to  say  that  his  name  was  West,  when  he  expired.  The  body  was  carried  to  the  Coatbridge  police  station-house,  where  it  lies  for  identification  previous  to  interment.  It  is  thought  that  the  deceased  had  been  the  worse  of  liquor  at  the  time  the  train  came  in  contact  with  him,  as  the  body  had  a  strong  smell  of  drink.  INQUESTS.—Yesterday,  the  coroner  was  occupied  in  hold holding  ing holding  inquests  upon  the  bodies  of  the  following  persons,  whose  deaths  were  occasioned  under  the  circumstances  detailed  be below  low below  :—Elizabeth  Slater,  a  child  who  died  in  the  course  of  the  preceding  evening,  from  being  suffocated  while  in  bed  with  its  parents.  On  the  body  of  a  seaman,  name  unknown,  whose  body  was  found  in  the  river,  near  the  south  bridge  of  St.  George's  dock.  Edith  Parker,  an  illegitimate  child,  who  died  from  convulsions,  brought  on  by  purely  natural  causes.  John  Richards,  while  in  a  state  of  intoxication  fell  down  stairs,  and  recei-ed  such  injuries  on  the  head  that  he  never  recovered.  James  Gratly,  who  died  on  Christmas Christmasday,  day, Christmasday,  while  getting  his  dinner.  His  death  was  occasioned  from  a  small  portion  of  goose  which  stuck  in  his  throat,  and  caused  suffocation.  David  Rutherford,  from  a  disease  in  the  lungs.  Amelia  Dwyer,  an  inmate  in  the  workhouse,  who  who  died  from  an  extravasation  of  blood  on  the  brain,  from  a  fall.  Thomas  Quaile,  who  expired  suddenly  ;  it  h  as  since  been  ascertained  that  he  was  suffering  from  a  disease  of  the  heart.  Morton  Dimond.—The  deceased  was  the  son  of  the  man  who  was  unfortunately  killed  on  the  18th  at  the  Wapping  dock.  He  was  at  work  with  his  father  at  the  time  the  wall  fell,  and  received  such  injuries  that  ho  died  on  Monday  night,  at  the  Southern  Hospital.  And  also  on  the  body  of  Dominick  Barrett,  who  expired  at  the  Northern  Hospital,  yesterday  morning.  It  appeared  that  on  the  9th  of  November,  the  deceased,  with  several  other  persons,  were  quarrelling  in  the  spirit  vaults  occupied  by  Mr.  Berry,  in  Vauxhall-road,  when  a  scuffle  ensued  and  the  deceased  fell,  by  which  he  broke  his  leg.  He  was  con conveyed  veyed conveyed  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  where  he  has  lingered  ever  since,  refusing,  as  did  also  his  family,  to  have  the  limb  am  •  putated,  which,  the  surgeon  was  of  opinion,  would  have  spared  his  life.  The  •  jury  in  each  case  returned  a  ver verdiet  diet verdiet  in  accordance  with  the  facts  detailed  in  the  evi evidence.  dence. evidence.  THE  IRON  TRADR.—The  total  produce  of  pig  iron  for  the  year  1850,  was  estimated  at  2,330,000  tons.  In  order  to  produce  this  quantity  there  were  consumed  9,500,000  tons  of  coal,  2.500,000  tons  of  ironstone,  and  the  ores  oper operated  ated operated  upon  could  not  have  been  less  than  7,000,000  tons.  But  the  most  remarkable  fact  in  connection  with  the  iron  trade  is  the  immense  weight  of  atmospheric  air  required  in  the  various  blast  furnaces,  and  which,  although  generally  considered  as  so  light  in  its  nature,  has  yet  considerably  ex exceeded  ceeded exceeded  in  weight  that  of  all  other  materials  consumed.  One  of  the  large  furnaces  of  South  Wales  consumes  12,503  cubic  feet  of  air  each  minute  in  supplying  the  oxygen  necessary  to  the  combustion  of  the  fuel.  To  supply  the  air  consumed  on  an  average  in  each  furnace  requires  an  engine  of  25  horse  power.  Engines  of  nearly  12,000  lorse  power  are  con constantly  stantly constantly  employed  to  drive  the  breath  of  life  into  the  glowing  masses  within  furnaces  of  the  United  Kingdom.  Each  furnace  on  an  average  sucks  in  17,000  gallons  of  air  per  minute,  or  five  tons  weight  per  hour.  The  number  of  furnaces  in  blast  in  1850  was  459  ;  the  aggregate  weight  of  air,  therefore,  required  during  that  period  to  keep  life  in  these  fiery  monsters  was  not  less  than  55,080  tons  daily,  or  20,049,000  tons  during  the  year—a  quantity  exceeding  in  weight  the  totals  of  the  coals,  ore,  and  limestone  consumed  in  the  process  of  smelting.  .  AMERICAN  BOOKS  AND  PUBLICATIONS  IMPORTED,  in  large  or  small  quantities,  by  CHARLES  WILLMER.  Orders  addressed  to  19,  SOUTH  JOHN JOHNSTREET,  STREET, JOHNSTREET,  LIVERPOOL,  will  have  attention,  if  only  for  s  Single  Book.  NORTH  LANCASHIRE.—ADVERTISEMENTS  intended  to  be  read  by  the  Gentry  and  other  Inhabitants  of  North  Lancashire  should  appear  in  the  PRESTON  CHRONICLE.  Having  been  established  above  forty  years,  it  enjoys  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes.  Its  scale  of  charges  for  Advertisements  is  moderate,  having  been  reduced  since  the  abolition  of  the  Advertisement  Duty.  When  pre-paid,  which  can  be  done  by  postage  stamps,  Advertisements  of  4  lines,  or  30  words,  are  inserted  for  is.  6d.,  and  8  lines,  or  60  words,  for  2s.—Published  every  Saturday  morning,  at  23,  Fishergate,  Preston.  THE  GENERAL  WEEKLY  SHIPPING  LIST,  and  POSTAL  and  MERCANTILE  DIREC DIRECTORY.  TORY. DIRECTORY.  Published  every  Saturday,  price  3d,  or  4d.,  stamped.  Contains  a  well-arranged  and  authentic  List  of  ALL  VESSELS  and  STEAMERS  taking  freight,  sailing  from  the  United  Kingdom  for  foreign  ports.  Also  a  Weekly  Diary  of  Foreign  Mails  and  Rates  of  Postage.  A  large  circula-,  tion  throughout  the  kingdom  makes  this  a  first-rate  medium  for  Shipping  and  General  Advertisements.  Printed  for  the  proprietors  by  J.  HADDON  &amp;  SON,  Castle-street,  Finsbury.  Agents  for  Liverpool.—J.  TURNER,  Derby  Buildings;  GEORGE  J.  POORE,  42,  Castle-street,  and  JOHN  PETRTE,  10,  Rumford-place,  by  whom  Advertisements  and  Subscriber's  names  are  received.  THE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  AND  ADVERTISER  FOR  THE  PRINCIPALITY,  published  at  Bangor  every  Friday  evening  in  time  for  the  early  posts,  and  extensively  circulated  every  Saturday  morning  throughout  the  six  northern  counties,  in  Cardigan  shire,  and  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  bes  medium  for  the  publication  of  Advertisements.  Offensive  medical  advertisements  are  excluded  from  its  columns.  The  charges  for  advertisements  are—Two  lines,  is;  three  lines  is  6d  ;  six  lines,  2s;  nine  lines,  2s  6d;  twelve  lines,  3s  ;  fifteen  lines,  3s  6d  ;  eighteen  lines,  48  ;  twenty-one  lin  es  ,  4s  6d;  and  6d  for  every  two  lines  additional.  The  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  has  recently  been  very  greatly  enlarged  and  improved.  Orders  and  advertisements  are  respectfully  solicited  by  AUGUSTUS  ROBERT  MARTIN,  Proprietor.  To  whom  all  bank  and  post-office  orders  should  be  mad  payable.  THE  GOVERNING  CLASSES.  A  SERIES  OF  PORTRAITS  TO  BE  CONTINUED  WEEKLY  IN  THE  LEADER,  a  complete  first-class  Weekly  Newspaper  ;  Political  and  Literary  Review.  (Estab (Establish  lish (Establish  d  1850).  Published  every  Saturday  in  time  for  the  early  morning  mails,  price  Sixpence,  and  Sold  by  News Newsagents  agents Newsagents  in  all  parts  of  England,  or  may  be  had  direct  from  the  Publisher.  ra.  Terms  of  Subscription-13s.  for  a  Half-year,  to  be  remitted  in  advance,  by  Money  Order,  payable  to  Mr.  Al Alfred  fred Alfred  E.  Galloway,  at  the  Office,  7,  'Wellington-street,  Strand,  London.  NOTICE  TO  ADVERTISERS.  In  consequence  of  the  Repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  following  Reduced  Scale  is  now  charged  for  Advertising  in  the  LEADER  Newspaper  :  Five  lines  and  under  .  .  .  0  2  6  Each  additional  line  .  .  Half  a  Column  Whole  Column  •  .  .  .  i  Advertisements  reaching  this  Office  on  Friday  Nigh  will  appear  in  all  editions.  CARLISLE  AND  SILLOTH  BAY  RAILWAY  AND  DOCK  COMPANY.  PROVISIONALLY  REGISTERED.  CAPITAL,  £135,000,  in  5,400  SHARES  of  £25  Each,  Deposit,  £2  10s.  per  Share."
