text
"Saito  bp  Surtfort.  TO  BREWERS,  PUBLICANS,  AND  OTHERS.  VALUABLE  LICENSED  PUBLIC-HOUSE.  Post-office  Place  and  School  Lane,  known  as  the  Post-office  On  Wednesday,  the  23rd  instant,  at  One  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon-r  , STYLE=superscript  oins,  South  J..hn-street,  Liverpo.l,  su  j  ect  to  conditions  to  he  then  produced,  APIECE  of  LAND,  situate  on  the  north  side  of  School-lane,  Liverpool,  bounded  west  by  Pest-office Pest-officep!ace,  p!ace, Pest-officep!ace,  north  by  Broo  y;  containing,  in  front  to  School-lane  18  teet  4  inches,  and  running  in  eepth  on  the  east  side  69  feet  6  inch.  s,  on  the  west  from  School-lave  55  het  8  irches,  at.d  tit;  n  extending  in  ,a  circular  direction  at  the  rorth-west  corner  o  Brooke's-alley  to  the  east  side;  to  , STYLE=superscript  eth-r  wits  the  licensed  PUB PUBLIC-HOUSE  LIC-HOUSE PUBLIC-HOUSE  at  the  corner  of  Postoffice-place  ni  School-lane,  and  the  Shop  and  other  Buildings  Extending  along  P,  stoffi  e-place  to  Brooke's-alley.  The  Property  is  leasehold  under  tl  e  Corpo-ar;o,  of  Liverpool,  for  tile  residue  of  a  term,  of  which  about  unexpired.  Tne  Publir-house  is  doing  capable  of  great  improvement.  The  I  attention  of  Br  veers  or  Publicans.  or  licensed  public-house.  For  tuitherparticulars,  eighteen  years  are  r  a  good  thainiess.  person  in  want  solicitors,  7,  Church-al  apply  to  M  Liverpool.  Robinson  and  Duke,  MR.  HODGKINS  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Wednesday,  the  30th  instant,  at  One  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon-rooms,  South  John-street,  Liver-  pool,  in  the  following  or  , STYLE=superscript  uch  other  lot,  the  time  of  sale,  and  subject  to  such  cc  there  nroduced.  Lot  1.  All  that  piece  of  L  (ND,  situ  combe-street.  in  F.verton,  containing  one-half  of  the  width  of  a  common  n,  batl  e  agreed  ;Ton  at  )ns  as  shad  be  then  and  , STYLE=superscript  f  4  f,e  runnin  thereab,  the  corner  of  Gnat  Il  our  Houses  in  trout  of  ecupations  of  Mr.  Kay  It,  Mr.  Darby,  and  rental  of  .Ell  3,  SHOP  i  front  and  Bakery  at  the  respective  ggregate  2.  Ag  that  Piece  of  LAND,  situate  on  the  south  side  of  Ever Everton  ton Everton  Valley,  containing  in  front  thereto  and  at  the  back  severally  39  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  in  depth  on  the  east  and  west  sides  sever...Hy  to  J  ernes-street  ger  wet  or  thereabouts.  and  containing  in  the  who'e  384  sqoare  yards  or  thereabouts;  together  with  the  Two  DWELLING-HOUStS  thereon  erected,  now  in  the  respective  occupat  ons  of  Mrs.  S;muel  ar.d  Mr.  Surr,  and  producing  an  For  further  par  solicitors  minerce-ccut  t,  Lord  street,"
