text
"INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOLS.  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  contained  four  charges  against  the  band-master,  the  first  of  which  was  withholding  10s;  secondly,  taking  two  boys  into  a  public  house  and  giv giving  ing giving  them  drink  ;  thirdly,  refusing  to  attend  the  governor  ;  and  fourthly,  for  being  drunk  and  using  abusive  language.  There  was  also  a  recommendation  that  the  band-master  shfuld  be  dismissed.  The  proceedings  also  contained  a  re resolution  solution resolution  to  the  effect  that  the  infants  and  their  teachers  recently  sent  from  the  workhouse  to  the  schools  should  be  sent  back.  _  _  _  Mr.  GARDNER  moved  the  confirmation  of  the  proceedings,  with  the  exception  of  that  part  relating  to  the  band-master.  Mr.  SUMNERS  :  In  connection  with  the  explanation  given  by  Mr.  Came  on  behalf  of  Mr.  Heath  relative  to  the  Indus Industrial  trial Industrial  Schools,  remarked  that  he  understood  Mr.  Heath  had  no  intention  of  disparaging  the  Industrial  Schools,  but  he  merely  wanted  to  throw  in  a  little  bit  of  high  coloring.  Mr.  JOHNSON  hoped  when  the  committee  met  if  the  facts  were  such  as  were  disclosed  in  the  minutes  relative  to  the  band-master,  they  would  value  the  moral  bearing  and  the  moral  influence  of  such  a  man  amongst  such  a  number  of  children  rather  than  teaching  music.  If  he  had  been  guilty  of  such  conduct  he  ought  to  be  dismissed.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Taking  two  boys  and  giving  them  drink—is  that  proved  ?  Mr.  Moss  remarked  if  this  charge  was  exparte  it  was  cruel  that  it  should  be  sent  forth  to  the  public  without  being  substantiated.  He  objected  altogether  to  the  proceedings  of  the  industrial  school's  committee  at  their  last  meeting.  According  to  the  standing  orders  of  the  vestry  three  mem members  bers members  were  registered,  but  he  found  that  there  were  only  two  in  attendance,  the  Chairman  and  Mr.  Crawford,  and  that  those  two  gentlemen  proceeded  to  the  transaction  of  the  business.  The  whole  of  the  proceedings  then  fell  to  the  ground.  The  band-master  was  an  old  Waterloo  and  he  did  now  and  then  get  a  little  elevated  in  celebrating  that  great  victory  ;  but  as  to  taking  the  children  into  a  public  house,  let  them  hear  what  he  had  to  say.  Mr.  DEN'roN  feared  that  he  had  commemorated  too  many  victories.  Mr.  BRADLEY  asked  if  those  proceedings  were  not  in  proper  course,  would  the  children  be  sent  from  that  school  back  to  the  workhouse  ?  Mr.  GARDNER  stated  that  they  had  already  come  ;  and  the  board  could  confirm  the  proceedings  of  any  number  in  committee.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Yes.  Mr.  GARDNER  :  If  the  committee  had  not  proceeded  to  business,  it  would  have  been  blamed.  Mr.  CARNE  seconded  the  confirmation  of  the  proceed proceedings.  ings. proceedings.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  that  even  if  there  were  three  members  present  the  proceedings  would  not  be  legal  until  they  were  sanctioned  by  that  board;  and  even  were  the  proceedings  brought  before  them  by  one  member,  they  could  confirm  them  if  they  pleased,  and  if  they  did  so  it  was  just  the  same  as  if  there  was  a  proper  quorum.  Mr.  Moss  :  Then  the  standing  orders  amount  to  nothing  whatever.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Allow  me—  Mr.  Moss  :  I  will  listen  to  you  with  the  greatest  pleasure,  if  you  allow  me.  (Laughter.)  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Have  we  any  standing  orders  ?  Mr.  Moss  :  I  think  so.  Three  members  are  required  for  the  transaction  of  business.  Three  members  must  be  pre present  sent present  in  committee,  and  five  at  this  board,  to  form  a  quorum,  and  if  there  are  not  five  members  present  you  cannot  pro proceed  ceed proceed  to  business.  _  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  are  perfectly  right  as  to  the  five,  because  that  is  a  matter  of  statute  law.  We  cannot  trans transact  act transact  any  business  at  this  board  unless  five  members  are  present.  But  there  is  no  standing  order  or  by-law  to  my  know knowledge,  ledge, knowledge,  necessitating  the  presence  of  three  to  form  a  quorum  in  committee.  Mr.  Moss  :  That  is  your  opinion,  but  in  the  council  it  is  invariable  The  CHATamAN  :  I  am  on  my  legs,  Sir;  sit  down.  Mr.  Moss  :  I  thought  you  were  about  sitting  when  I  rose,  and  then  you  rose  again.  (Laughter.)  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Yes,  Sir,  and  I  will  continue  to  rise.  You  say  that  is  mynpinion.  It  is  not  my  opinion  ;  it  is  the  fact.  There  is  no  by-law  necessitating  the  presence  of  three  members  on  a  committee.  Mr.  Moss  :  Then  I  am  improperly  instructed  by  the  vestry  clerk.  Mr.  HART  :  There  is  no  written  by-law  ;  but  committees  usually  do  not  go  to  business  unless  three  members  are  present.  Mr.  Moss  :  Then  the  usage  is  the  law.  The  CHAIRMAN:  There  is  no  by-law;  but  what  the  statute  law  is,  Mr.  Gardner  has  very  properly  laid  down,  namely,  that  what  is  brought  before  us  by  one  member  of  a  .committee,  if  auctioned  by  the  board  becomes  law.  I  lay  that  down  as  the  law  from  Mr.  Gardner's  mouth.  Mr.  BRADLEY  thought  it  a  pity  to  deviate  from  the  usual  course.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  That  is  another  thing.  Something  must  be  done.  Unless  orders  were  given  for  provisions,  the  whole  thing  would  have  stopped.  There  would  have  been  no  food  for  the  children.  Mr.  Moss  :  Your  best  course  would  be  to  read  a  lecture  to  the  absentees.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said  coming  to  that  portion  of  the  question  rilatLvo  tie  cul  ltea  _  _  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  beg  your  pardon.  There  is  now  a  question  before  us.  Those  proceedings  are  confirmed  or  rejected.  Is  it  your  pleasure  to  confirm  them  or  not.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Before  they  were  confirmed,  he  was  going  to  refer  to  the  matter  of  bringing  the  children  back  from  the  schools  to  the  workhouse.  The  committee  recommend  them  to  be  brought  back  to  the  workhouse.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  can  decide  whether  you  will  permit  that  or  not.  Mr.  BRADLEY  was  going  to  say  if  the  schools  were  not  very  crowded,  he  thought  it  would  be  unwise  at  present  to  return  the  children  to  the  house,  because  he  need  not  say  there  was  an  impression  in  town  that  cholera  was  becoming  prevalent.  It  was  manifesting  itself,  he  was  sorry  to  say,  near  the  north  end  of  the  town  in  such  a  way  there  was  no  knowing  how  soon  they  might  require  the  full  accommoda accommodation  tion accommodation  of  this  establishment,  and  he  thought  at  present  it  ncee  t STYLE=superscript  call  t STYLE=superscript  y  i STYLE=superscript  lon  l STYLE=superscript  itr  i STYLE=superscript  CaTle  L STYLE=superscript  arliirkciale,  and  all  overcrowded,  and,  therefore,  he  did  not  see  the  raa  a  d STYLE=superscript  t  t  l STYLE=superscript  iigy  u STYLE=superscript  *t  v STYLE=superscript  g  e STYLE=superscript  necessity  of  their  removal  at  the  present  moment.  Mr.  GARDNER  said  it  was  in  consequence  of  a  resolution  come  to  by  the  workhouse  committee,  that  the  children  had  been  sent  back.  The  infants  were  lodged  in  the  infirmary,  and  it  was  thought  better  to  send  them  back.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Surely  they  were  not  sent  back  before  this  passed  the  board  ?  Mr.  HART  :  They  are  come.  Mr.  CARNE  :  Perhaps  they  would  allow  him  to  explain  why  those  children  had  been  sent.  The  children  brought  into  workhouse  had  no  school  to  go  to,  as  all  the  masters  and  mistresses  were  sent  away,  and,  therefore,  it  became  im imperative  perative imperative  on  the  governor  either  to  send  all  the  children  as  they  came  in  up  to  the  industrial  schools,  or  they  should  have  sent  back  the  teachers  sent  there  to  look  after  the  chil children  dren children  coming  in.  Therefore,  they  thought  it  right  the  in infants  fants infants  should  be  sent  back  in  order  thatthe  teachers  might  look  after  those  coming  in  ;  but  at  the  same  time  they  left  it  at  the  option  of  the  school  committee,  only  to  send  back  such  children  as  they  thought  advisable.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  that  the  children  could  be  sent  back  in  two  hours.  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed,  with  the  exception  of  that  part  relating  to  the  band-master.  There  is  to  be  a  further  inquiry  into  the  charges  preferred  against  him.  On  the  suggestion  of  Mr.  Bradley  it  was  agreed  that  should  the  medical  relief  committee  deem  it  advisable  they  should  be  at  liberty  to  remove  the  children  at  once.  The  following  report  from  the  government  inspector  of  schools  was  then  read  :  I  have  again  to  report  that  the  boys  under  the  charge  of  Mr.  Haggar  have  passed  a  very  creditable  examination,  and  distinguished  themselves  both  by  their  information  and  general  intelligence.  The  state  of  the  girls  is  also  creditable  ;  but  they  are  not  equal  to  the  boys.  The  infants  under  the  charge  of  Miss  Hilton  are,  I  think,  well  managed.  The  children  who  have  lately  come  from  the  Liverpool  workhouse  are  not  equal  to  the  others,  but  this  could  not  be  expected  under  the  circumstances.  Ido  not  doubt  that  they  will  nod  improve  rapidly.  The  staff  of  teachers  in  this  establishment  is  greater  at  present  than  is  necessary.  I  believe  that  three  schoolmis schoolmistresses  tresses schoolmistresses  are  sufficient  for  the  girls'  school,  with  the  teacher  of  the  infants  ;  and  five  masters  for  the  boys',  although  the  number  of  boys  at  present  is  unusually  large.  The  salaries  of  all  the  teachers  in  such  an  establishment  as  this  are  pay payable  able payable  from  the  parliamentary  grant;  but  these  payments  are  made  on  the  understanding  that  such  persons  are  bona  fide  teachers—regularly  and  constantly  engaged  in  teaching,  and  not  servants.  I  hope  that  no  offices  of  a  menial  character  will  be  re required  quired required  from  the  teachers.  The  services  of  efficient  persons  cannot  be  permanently  secured  if  duties  are  required  from  them  which  have  no  reference  to  teaching,  and  which  a  ser servant  vant servant  might  discharge  equally  well.  The  time  of  such  a  staff  of  teachers,  as  I  have  mentioned,  would  be  fully  occupied  here  ;  but  some  of  the  masters  might  easily  superintend  the  field fieldwork  work fieldwork  of  the  boys,  if  a  greater  extent  of  land  should  be  taken  for  that  purpose,  while  the  mistresses  would  superintend  the  knitting  and  needlework  of  the  girls,  with  the  assistance  of  a  sewing  mistress.  I  hope  that  the  board  will  consent  to  the  appointment  of  five  boys  and  two  girls  as  pupil  teachers.  It  appears  that  two  boys,  late  pupil  teachers,  have  been  dismissed  for  fight fighting.  ing. fighting.  I  believe  that  those  persons  who  have  been  most  suc successful  cessful successful  in  the  management  of  boys  have  usually  treated  offences  of  this  character  with  lenity,  while  they  have  punished  stealing,  lying,  and  every  kind  of  baseness  with  great  severity.  It  is  not  possible  to  prevent  quarrelling  amongst  boys,  and  I  submit  that  a  boyish  quarrel  ought  not  to  be  injurious  to  a  man's  future  progress  in  life.  If  the  board  should  think  it  necessary  to  dismiss  a  pupil  teacher  hereafter,  I  have  to  request  that  the  circumstances  may  first  be  communicated  to  the  Committee  of  Council  on  Education.  refractory  ward  would,  I  think,  be  very  useful  here  for  the  punishment  of  petty  offences.  J.  B.  bRowNR,  Inspector  of  Schools.  Nov.  23rd,  I  have  inspected  the  schools,  and  have  much  pleasure  in  remarking  that  good  school-rooms  have  been  provided  for  the  girls  and  infants.  The  children  have  as  yet  unavoidably  made  but  little  progress,  as  they  have  generally  been  but  a  short  time  in  attendance.  _  J.  B.  BROWNS,  Inspector  of  Schools.  December  sth,  Mr.  GARDNER.  remarked  with  regard  to  the  boys  who  had  been  dismissed  for  fighting,  that  they  had  been  before  the  committee  for  general  bad  conduct,  and  this  was  the  winding  up  of  the  affair."
