text
"special  importance  in  a  strategical  point  of  view.  The  fortifications  of  Kieff  are  to  be  completed  by  the  termination  of  the  winter  months  AUSTRIA  The  same  despatch  mentions  that  the  Austrian  Government  intend  to  communicate  to  the  German  Diet  all  the  propositions  for  peace  which  have  been  sent  to  St.  Petersburg.  SARDINIA  Despatches  dated  Turin,  yesterday,  notify  the  departure  from  that  city  of  General  De  la  Marmora  to  attend  the  Council  of  War  about  to  be  holden  in  Paris  INDIA  AND  CHINA  MAILS.  SOUTHAMPTON,  SUNDAY.  The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Steam-ship  Com Company's  pany's Company's  steamer  Indus  has  arrived  here  with  the  heavy  portion  of  the  India  and  China  mails,  bringing  38  passengers,  and  dates  from  Alexandria  to  the  23rd;  Malta,  the  27th;  and  Gibraltar,  the  31st  alt,  FRANCE.  (PROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  FRIDAY  EVENING.  You  were  told  by  me,  a  few  days  back,  that  the  French  government  had  received  information  that  there  was  no  likelihood  whatsoever,  of  the  Austrian  propositions  being  accepted  by  Russia.  To-day,  the  Journal  des  Debats,  which  occasionally  receives  diplomatic  intelligence  from  the  highest  quarters,  contains  an  article,  which  confirms,  to  the  letter,  the  authenticity  of  my  information.  On  the  27th  December,  it  says,  Count  d'Esterhazy,  the  Austrian  minister  sent  to  St.  Petersburg,  presented  the  pro propositions  positions propositions  of  his  government  to  Count  de  Nessel  rode,  who  received  them  without  any  emotion,  and  without  any  other  remark,  than  I  will  take  the  orders  of  the  Count  Esterhazy  was,  continues  the  Debats,  to  wait  till  the  4th  January  for  an  answer,  and  in  the  event  of  none  being  sent,  was  to  ask  for  one,  and  to  wait  till  the  15th—after  which,  supposing  Russia  still  to  continue  silent,  he  was  to  leave  with  all  his  legation.  It  was  not  doubted,  however,  that  - STYLE=superscript  Russia  would  reply;  but  it  was  not  doubted  either,  that  the  reply  would  only  be  to  the  same  effect  as  the  circular  which,  under  date  the  22nd  ult.,  she  has  sent  to  her  diplomatic  agents,  and  which,  as  is  known,  proposes  to  exclude  all  ships  of  war  from  the  Baltic,  except  those  of  Russia  and  Turkey,  and  to  leave  those  two  powers  to  settle  between  themselves,  without  the  inter intervention  vention intervention  of  the  Western  governments,  the  number  of  vessels  each  shall  maintain  a  propo proposition  sition proposition  absurd,  and  even  insulting  to  the  Western  Powers.  On  such  terms,  negotiations  are  evidently  impossible;  but,  says  the  Debats,  indicates  that  Russia  is  dis disposed  posed disposed  to  propose  any  other  for  the  moment,  and  we  are  assured  that  she  prefers  to  run  the  risk  of  a  third  It  adds  that,  in  consequence,  the  war  is  not  near  an  and  it  casts  the  responsibility  of  its  duration  on  Russia.  In  the  course  of  its  article,  the  Debars  intimates  that,  though  his  mission  will  fail,  it  is  probable  that  Count  Esterhazy,  before  taking  the  formal  step  of  breaking  off  diplomatic  relations  with  Russia,  will  wait  until  he  can  receive  new  instruo instruotions  tions instruotions  from  his  government.  This  is  a  new  proof  that  Austria  has  not  yet  got  to  the  end  of  her  dis disgraceful  graceful disgraceful  shuffling,  and  not  yet  shaken  off  her  abject  fear  of  Russia.  _  I  hear  that  the  French  government  has  received  despatches  from  Germany  to  day,  which  lead  it  to  apprehend  that  the  minor  German  governments  will  declare  that  the  neutralisation  of  the  Black  Sea,  proposes  by  Russia,  in  her  circular  of  the  22nd  December,  under  the  conditions  therein  mentioned,  is  satisfactory  in  every  respect;  that  the  Western  powers  have  no  right  to  expect  any'  thing  more;  and  that  Germany,  for  her  part,  will  declare  herself  perfectly  satisfied  therewith.  If  the  minor  German  governments  make  such  a  decla.  ration,  no  surprise  need  be  felt,  as  it  would  be  but  another  proof  of  their  base  subserviency  to  Russia;  but  the  lesson  would  be  a  good  one  to  the  French  government,—for  really  it  has  sacrificed  its  owri  , STYLE=superscript  dignity,  and  that  of  England,  by  the  extraordinary  pains  it  has  taken  to  win  over  those  governments  to  their  cause—as  if  England  and  France  needed  the  paltry  support  they  can  give  The  substance  of  the  Russian  circular  of  the  22nd  December,  referred  to  above,  has  arrived  to-day  in  the  Belgian  papers.  As  it  will  be  in  England  before  this  letter,  I  need  only  say  that  its  meek  protestations  of  a  desire  of  peace  are  regarded  with  contempt,  because  they  are  knowil  to  be  false.  The  Vienna  telegraph  informs  us  that  the  chances  of  an  understanding  being  come  to  between  Prussia  and  Austria  are  increasing.  If  this  be  so,  Austria  will  naturally  be  less  disposed  than  ever  to  break  off  with  Russia.  Before  concluding  allow  me  to  say  a  word  about  myself.  Since  I  have  had  the  honor  to  be  your  correspondent,  I  have  on  innumerable  occasions  anticipated  •  evep  the  fo  remost  of  your  great  London  n  cotemporaes  in  obtaining  important  intelligence;  but  I  have  seldom  cared  to  take  the  trouble  to  draif  attention  to  the  f  ac  t  ,  trust  i  ng  to  the  sagacity  o'  , STYLE=superscript  your  readers  to  discover  it  for  themselves.  I  beg  however,  now  to  be  permitted  to  remind  theni  that  within  the  last  fortnight  my  letters  have  con;  tained  not  fewer  than  thr  ee  i  mpor  t  ant  pieces  0  intelligence  of  which  the  London  papers  knell'  , STYLE=superscript  nothing.  The  first  is  that  noticed  above—namely  that  the  French  government  had  learned  that  ne  chance  of  success  awaited  the  Austrian  proposition  ° STYLE=superscript  —a  fact  of  the  very  highest  consequence  at  th  e STYLE=superscript  present  juncture.  The  secon  d  was  t  h  at  the  Fren  ch'  government  will,  before  long,  have  to  apply  for  a  new  loan—also  a  fact  of  no  little  consequence'  The  third  was  that  the  famous  pamphlet  on STYLE=superscript  th  e STYLE=superscript  necessity  of  a  Congress  was  about  to  appear'  Thus,  from  what  it  has  done,  your  readers  n'e  o  entertain  the  con  v  i  c  ti  on  th  at,  f  or  t  h  e  future,  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  T  IMES  w  ill  b  e  excellently  Well  informed  on  continental  and  French  matters."
