text
"BANKRUPTS.  Robed  Mooney,  tea  dealer,  •  liolywell-road,  and  Cropley Cropleysyeetr,Tioxton,  syeetr,Tioxton, Cropleysyeetr,Tioxton,  New  Town,  Middlesex.  John  Smith,  stationer,  King's-road,  Brighton,  and  King Kingstreet,  street, Kingstreet,  Snow-hill,  London.  William  Harknett,  builder,  Barking,  Essex.  Richard  William  Spendelon,  chemist  and  druggist,  Salop,  Joseph  Watson,  broker,  Liverpool.  Robert  Alfred  Dorrington,  woollen  cloth  merchant,  Man Manchester.  chester. Manchester.  THE  LARGEST  ASSORTMENT  IN  TOWN  OF  BOYS'  and  YOUTHS'  CLOTHING,  beautifully  made,  At  Wm.  EARP  and  CO.'S,  59  and  61,  LO  RD  STREET.  At  Portadown,  in  the  North  of  Ireland,  potatoes  sell  at  from  2s.  6d.  to  2s.  9d.  per  cwt.  Mr.  John  O'Connell  was  returned  on  Wednesday  for  Clonmel.  There  has  been  a  fatal  accident  on  the  South  Western  railway  tbis  week,  by  which  one  man  lost  his  life.  There  has  been  a  great  rise  in  the  French  and  Italian  silk  markets.  It  is  said  the  cargo  of  the  Humboldt  was  worth  400,000.  Not  less  th  a  n  £2,972,000  was  remitted  from  Irish  emi.  r  grants  in  America  to  their  friends  and  relatives  at  home  in  1848,  '49,,'50,  and  '5l.  •  PRESBYTERIAN  CRUkteß.—The  ,  Rev.  James  Breaky;  Carraduff,  Ireland,  who  has  just  received  an  unanimous.  call  to  the  Presbyterian  church  of  Sheffield,  has  had  a  handsome  complement  paid  him..  by.  his  late  congr  ega  ti  on  .  2  Engineers  are  engaged  in  making  the  surTeys  for  a  line  of  railway  round  Paris,  but  at  a  distance  of  100  kilometres  (60)  from  the  capital,  so  as  to  form  a  communication  with  all  the  great  lines  which  start  from  it.  Orleans  Chartrea,  Evereux,  Amiens,  Epernay,  M  on  t  ereau  ,  S  ens,  and  Auxerre,  will  come  into  this  new  line.  Government  is  quite  deter determined  mined determined  that  this  line,  shall  be  made.  The  new  Bonapartist  club  the  was  inaugurated  by  a  grand  dinner,  General  Bar,  the  president  in  the  chair.  Mr.  ,Belmontet,  the  eminent  ex-member  of  the  10th  of  December  society,  proposed  as  as  a  toast  the  Imperial  which  he  characterised  as  buckler  of  the  present.  and  the  lever  of  the  Frederick  Wittneyer,  a  foreigner,  has  been  brought  up  by  the  London  police  'for  ha  ving  v  i  c  ti  m  i  se  d  several  hotel  keepers,  of  whom  he  affected  to  engage  apartments  for  a  German  Count.  He  is  described  as  of  respectable  We  have  every  reason  to  believe  that  beyond  the  ap appointment  pointment appointment  of  -Sir  George  Cathcart  as  Sir  G:  Brown's  suc successor;  cessor; successor;  no  change  has  been  made  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  administration  of  tho  horse  guards.  The  rumours,  of  new  appointments  in  that,  department  are  therefore,  to  say  the  least,'  premature.  —Globe.  TILE  , STYLE=superscript  POOR-RATE.—In  the  year  ended  Lady-day,  1852,  the  parishes  in  th  e  coun  t  y  of  Lancaster  paid  in  poor  -rate  47,5  ;  266h-  17s  11d—the  largest  amount  paid  by  any  county  ;  and  of  that  sum  the  railway  property  in  the  county  contri contributed  buted contributed  as  much  as  26,1661.  103  61,t1.  — STYLE=superscript  ACCIDENT  IN  THE  RIVER.—On  Tuesday  last,  whilst  the.  ship  Stornaway,  outward.bound  for  Calcutta,  was  weighing  anchor  in  the  river,  she  was  run  into  dy.a  number  of  flats  employed  in  conveying  mud  from  the  docks;  and  her  cutwater  was  carried  away,  and  the  vessel.otherwise  damaged.  The  Stornaway  was'  obliged  to  be  docked  for  repairs;  but  will  we  learn  be  ready  for  sea  to-day.  •  ROBBERY  PROM  A  SILK  WAREHODSE.—Yester:clay,  at  the.  Manchester  city  police  court,  a  young  man,  bookkeeper  to'  Mr.  Smith,  silk  merchant,  Church-street,  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  from  his  employer  two  pieces  of  satin.  Bum  ow  FlRE—About  one  o'  c  l  oc  k  on  Monday  morning  a  brig,  which  had  left  Loith  harbour  on  Sunday  afternoon,  laden  with  the  well  known  Torbanehill  mineral,  .was  covered  while  in  the  roads.to  be  on  fire.  Notwithstanding  the  exertions  of  the  crew,  the  flames  soon  enveloped  the  entire  hull,  and  to  save  'the  vessel  from  destruction,  it  was  considered  expedient  to  tow  her  into  Granton  harbour,  'where  she  was  scuttled,  as  the  only  means  of  extinguishing  the  fire.  We  have  not  learned  whether  the  fire  arose  from  accident  '  or  from  the  spantaneous  combustion  of  the  coal.—.Y.  B.  Mail.  •  •  MURDER.  —Last  week,  the  wife  of  Alexander  Smith  potato  merchant,  Dundee,  was  found  barbarously  murdered  in  her  own  house.  Her  husband  is  supposed  to  have  been  the  murderer.  Both  parties  are  said  to  have  been  much  given  to  the  bottle,  and  for  some  time  past  the  husband  has  been  in  a  state  akin•to  delirium  tremens.  He  is  in  custody.  Smith  is  from  the  Carse  of  Gowrie,  and  was  at  one  time  con  s  id  ere  d  a  very  respecta  b  le  character.—N.  B.  Mail.  •  ASSAULT  ON  A  FEMALE.—One  evening  in  the  early  part  of  last  week  as  two  of  the  burgh  police  were  going  their  rounds  in,the  High-street  they  heard  stifled  cries  ,  proceed proceeding  ing proceeding  evidently  f  rom  a  place  considerably  north  of,the'town.  They  proceeded  to  `  the  spot,  and  caught  two  men,  the  one  dtle  l  a  other  esp  Henry  oetable  Cmazapibeedll  woman,  f STYLE=superscript  T  nar STYLE=superscript  h  omm STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  el  FM STYLE=superscript  e  as STYLE=superscript  n  il STYLE=superscript  t  ke STYLE=superscript  o  islie STYLE=superscript  of  the  'assaulting  h  till STYLE=superscript  e  en'an STYLE=superscript  assault  has  led  them  to  be  fully  committed  to  trial  for  a  capital  offence.  The  Offence  is  a  very  aggra aggravated  vated aggravated  one.—N:  B.  'Mail.  •  •  •  RARE  FlSR.—Naturalists  . STYLE=superscript  will  rejoice  to  learn  that  that  most  rare  of  British  fishes,  the  gymnetius  of  Ilawkins,  the  conch  of  Jenyns,  the  coil  conin  in.  Conwall,  and  now  known  as  the  regalecus  glesno,  from  the  specimen  found  at  Culler Cullercoats  coats Cullercoats  in  1849,  was  driven  ashore  in  Keiss  Bay  on  Thursday  last,  and  is  now  in  the  possession  of  Dr.  Sinclair.  The  specimen  now  found  is  15  feet  long,  14  inches  broad,  and  about  three  inches  thick---Lthe  largest  yet  described.  Only  four  other  specimens  have'  been  captured  in  British  waters  during  the  last  hundred  'years,  and  this  is  the  longest,  Some  mayhave  naturalists  given  ar STYLE=superscript  rise  vfo STYLE=superscript  to  pin STYLE=superscript  theion  thatacco STYLE=superscript  largeaccounts  w  ehave  species STYLE=superscript  received  or  this  genus  of  the.  sea  serpent,  its  beautiful  crest-crowded  head  bein,,o•  mistaken  for  a  mane,  whilst  it  s  wriggling  motion  deceived  as  to,  its  real  length.  —N.  B.llfail.  •  TILE  Fisn  TRADE.—Fish  are  a  t  p  resen  t  b  e  i  ng  caught  in  large  quantities  on  all.parts  of  the  coasts  oflngland,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  causing  the  transmission  to  the  English  mar markets  kets markets  of  white  fish  to  be  stopped  for  the-present,  and  our  own  markets  to  be  consequently  well  supplied,  and  the  prices  moderate.  The  forwarding  of  lobsters,  however,  continues  brisk.  They  are  brought  here  in  large  numbers  from  the  western  islands,  chiefly  from  Skye,  in  boxes  containing  from  four  to  five  dozen,  and  are  here  transferred  for  facility  and  economy  of  carriage  by  rail,  to  tea  chests;  into  each  of  Which  from  50  to  100  fish,  according  to  size,  ,are  carefully  packed,  and  forwarded  regularly,  and  i  n  large  quantities,  in  this  way,  to  Liverpool,  Manchester,  Birmingham,  and  London,  in  each  of  which•  towns  is  located  a  branch  of  a  great  firM,  ori originally  ginally originally  of  Aberdeen,.  to  whom  are  continually  consigned  enormous,  quantities  of  fish  from  all  parts  of  the  coast.  White  and  shell-fish  that  leave,  Skye  on  Tuesday,  are  landed  here  on  Wednesday  morning,  are  immediately  repacked,  and  on  Thursday  morning  at  the  earliest  hour  are  exposed  for  sale  on  the  stalls  of  the  leading  English  markets.  Lobsters  ar arrive  rive arrive  in  vigorous  life.—Greenock  Advertiser.  •  •  •  TDB  RUSSIAN  SQUADRON  IN  THE  CHIN:i  .  Ha&amp;tirg  Newi,  under  date  of  St.  Petershurg,  9th,  says  Accounts  from  the  Russian  squadron  in  the  China  Seas  state  that  on  the  6th  of  August  all  the  vessels  of  which  it  is  ,co  reposed  (the  Pallas  frigate,  Oliwaza  corvette,  %Vo  s  t  o  k  schooner,  ,and  ,the  Prince  de  Menschikoff,  belonging  •to  the  Russo-America  Company)  assembled  in  the  port  of  Laid,  and  sailed  on  the  , STYLE=superscript  16th  of  August  for  Nangazaki.  Qn  the  22nd  they  anchored  there,  and  the  crews  were  received  by  the  Japa Japanese  nese Japanese  with  cordiality.  1 STYLE=superscript  01  - STYLE=superscript  1-  the  let,  the  - STYLE=superscript  commanding  officer  of  the  squadron  .  sent  the  Prince  de  Al  enschikoff  to  Shanghai,  to  obtain  information  as  to  the  state  of  affairs  in  China:  She  arrived  there  on  the  Bth  September,  the  day'after  the  place  had  been  taken  by  therehels.  On  the  15th,  the  Menschikoft  sailed  to  rejoin  the  squadron  at  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.—YESTERDAT.  •  (Writteit  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  SUGAR.—The  business  to-day  is  confined  to  100  Hhds.  Antigua  far  Refining  at  335.  6d  to  355.  per  cwt,  50  Hhds.  Cossipore  Treacle  have  been  disposed  of  at  18s.  6di  per  cwt.  No  sales  have  transpired  in  Rum,  Coffee,  or  Rice.  450  bags  Saltpetre  are  - STYLE=superscript  reported  at  275.  6d.  per  cwt.  for  8.4-  . STYLE=superscript  per  cent  refraction.  bales  Bombay  - STYLE=superscript  Hemp  went  at  auction  to-day  at  £2.0  15s.  per  ton.  •  •  -  ,  TEA.—Tee  Market  is  reported  to  be  inun  improving  con condition  dition condition  to-day;  with  •no  sellers  of  common  Congou  under  Is.  3d:  per  lb.  '  •  •  '  Ooi-The.—The  cotton  marlEet  was  quiet  to-day,  nothing  in  the  Baltic's  ad.vices,  which.wc  published  in  the  whole  of  our  issue,  tending  to  *vary  the  aspect  of  it...  The  sales  of  the  day  were  •  7,000  bales,  of  which  2,000  were  on  speculation  and  for  export.  ,  REVIEW  OF  THE  WEEK.  SUGAR.7  .--- STYLE=superscript  Tiere,has  been  a.  considerable  improvement  in  the  demand,  both  from  grocers  and  'refiners,  which  has  enabled  ..helders  to  obtain  full  prices  foi  all  kinds.  The  sides  : STYLE=superscript  amennt  to  .450,  hlls.,  13:P.;  13,000  bags  - STYLE=superscript  Bengal,  of  whiCla  :5,500  '')ags  are  Khaur  at  29s  :..  also  2,400  bags  Madras,  chiefly  at.29s;  and  4,600  bags  Mauritius  ;  at  33s  6d  'to  34s  9d  per  en.  Foreign  There  has  been  -ratherriliore  'inquiry,  but  tie  market  being  barely:  supplied,  sales  are  'limited  to  20  hLuis.  Porta  itica_and  -Cuba,---at  35s  to  36s  ;  ;400  boxes  yellov  H  avana  (No.  'l3)  at  235;  an  d  +l5O  ca  i  e4,  4200  bags  Baia,  at  19s  to  20s  for  brown,  with  a  few  2ssordinary  white  it  21s  t  o  s;  a  cargo  of  13,000  bags  un unclayed  clayed unclayed  Manilla  las  also  been  sold  afloat,  but  the  price  and  destination  are  lot  reported.  The  sales  of  loLAssEs  are  confined  to  a  few  small  lots  o  f  Antigua,  (indirec)  at  16i  6d  pei  . STYLE=superscript  owt.;  the  whole  not  exceed exceeding  ing exceeding  100  - STYLE=superscript  puns;  .  tie  market  is  in  a  very  unsatisfaCtory  state,  and  the  quotatiols  are  reduced  6d  to  Is  from  the  highest  point.,  •  .  •  COFFEE.  —Thor:  is  a  strong  demand  for  all  ordinary  descriptions,  but  tie  absence  of  stock  has  prevented  business,  and  our  dealers.art  dratving  their  supplies  from  the  London  maAcet,  where  Naive  Ceylons  lave  reached  50s  per  cwt.  500  bags  Para  CncoA  sold  at  27s  per  cwt.  41  small  lot  of  Bengal  Itlcz  taken  . STYLE=superscript  at  14s  to  15s  6d;  500  bags  Arracan,  on  th,  spot,  at  , STYLE=superscript  l3s  9d;  8,500.  bags  Madras,'  to  arrive,  at  13s  6d  o  13s  101  d  per  cwt.,  the  market  closing  With  a  firm  appearance.  The  Rum  market  is  steady  ;  the  sales  about  60  puns:  Demerara.  .  ,  TEA.—The  transa  Eons  were  limited  until  yesterday,  when  a  speculative  dtruand  sprang  up,  and  some  consider considerable  able considerable  parcels  of  wanton  Congous  were  sold  at  is  21-,d  to  Is  .2id  per  lb,  and  themarket-  closes  with  a  very  firma  aspeo  t  ,for  all  descriptions,  ,  „,.,s,_  a"
