text
"lisrtymt  Matto  THEATRE  ROYAL,  Williamson-square.  MR.  BARRY  SULLIVAN,  who  is  engaged  for  Four  Nights  only,  will  make  his  First  Appearance  Tuts  EVENING  (Monday),  19th  inst.—  The  management  has  great  pleasure  in  announcing,  in  reply  to  the  Innumerable  applications  that  have  been  made  at  the  Box-office,  by  parties  desirous  of  witnessing  MISS  CUSHMAN'S  powerful  and  unequalled  delineation  of  MEG  MERRILIES  S  it  has  succeeded  in  prevailing  on  this  highly  talented  Artiste  to  wave  her  intention  of  appearing  for  onr  night  only;  and  as  on  that  occasion  (last  Thurs Thursday)  day) Thursday)  the  overflow  to  the  Theatre  caused  disappoin'ment  to  several  nnable  to  obtain  admission,  she  has  most  obligingly  acceded  to  the  request  of  the  Management,  and  will  appear  one  night  more  (Wednesday  next,  the  21st  Instant),  in  the  Musical  Play  of  GUY  MANNERING  ;  or,  THE  GIPSY'S  PROPHECY  !  Tim  EVENING  (Monday)  19th  instant,  the  Tragedy  of  HAMLET.  Hamlet,  Mr.  Barry  Sullivan.  And  MISCHIEF  MAKING.—  On  Monday,  the  26th  instant,  will  be  produced  an  entirely  New  Grand  Comic  CHRIS  TM  AS  PANTOMIME!  entitled  THE  BUTTERFLY'S  BALL,  and  THE  GRASSHOPPER'S  FEAST;  in,  HARLEQUIN  AND  THE  GENIUS  OF  SPRING  !  Founded  on  the  Popnlar  Poem  by  Mr.  Roscoe,  of  Liverpool.—  Admielpion—  Dress  Boxes,  4s.  1  Upper  Boxes,  Ss.;  Pit,  2s.  ;  Gallery,  is.  The  Box-office  Is  open  from  Ten  to  Three  o'clock  daily,  for  securing  -eats  and  taking  Private  Boxes,  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  T.  Shuttleworth.  Children  in  arms  will  not  be  admitted.  Doors  open  at  half-past  Six,  the  performance  to  com commence  mence commence  at  Seven  o'clock  precisely.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  Sole  Lessee,  Mr.  W.  R.  Copeland,  15,  Great  Charlotte-street.  IMMENSE  SUCCESS  OF  PABLO  FANQUE'S  COMPANY!  GRAND  ROUTINE  OF  EQUESTRIAN  NOVELTIES,  MR.  PABLO  FANQUE,  ever  anxi_us  to  cater  for  Novelties,  has  great  pleasure  in  Informing  the  Public,  that  he  has  engaged,  for  SIX  NIGHTS  ONLY,  &#34;S'TOKE'S  AMERICAN  WONDERS  !  YOUNG  LEON,  MADEMOISELLE  ELLA,  from  Drury  Lane  Theatre.  They  will  appear  This  Evening  (Monday),  December  19th,  and  every  evening  during  the  week.—Another  CHANGE  of  PERFORMANCE  THIS  EVENING  (Money),  December  the  19th.—TWO  GRAND  DAY  JUVENILE  FETES  Next  Week,  on  Wednesday.  Dec.  21,  and  Friday.  Dec.  23.  D,,ors  open  at  One,  to  commence  at  Two.  In  the  Evening  the  Doors  open  at  a  quarter  to  Seven,  and  Performances  commence  at  half-past  Seven.  Prices  of  Admission  :  Dress  Circle,  Ss.;  Side  Boxes,  2s,  63.  ;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Stalls,  is.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.  6  ;  Pit,  Is.  ;  no  secoLd  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Second  Price,  to  Boxes  and  Pit,  at  nine  o'clock.  ROYAL  ADELPH  I  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington,  Taxi  EvitNlrozi  (Monday),  December  19th,  A  VARIETY  OF  FAVOURITE  E  NTE  ETA  IN  M  ENT  S.—ln  preparation,  the  Magnificent  New  Comic  PANTOMIME,  which  will  be  produced  dining  the  Christmas  Holidays,  with  Gorgeous  New  Scenery  by  Messrs.  Mathews  and  Ramsden,  Machinery  by  Mfr.  Atkins,  and  Appointments  by  Mr.  Gibbs,  entitled  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS  ;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  SINBAD  THE  SAILOR,  AND  Tau  FAIRY  or  CORAL.  G  ROT.  Sinbad,  the  sailor,  Miss  Carre,  from  the  Theatre  Royal.  Haymarket.  Harlequin,  Mr.  C.  Brown.  Pantaloon,  Mr.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesate.  Sprite,  Signor  Sylrani.—Centre  Boxes,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  ls.;  Pit  Lid.;  Gal Gallery,  lery, Gallery,  3d.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament  Street,  near  St,  James's  Market.  Tuts  EVENING  (Monday),  December  19th,  A  NEW  DRAMA  of  powerful  interest,  with  a  Variety  of  other  E  NTERTAIN  ENTS.—  No  Performance  on  Cuesdiy,  Wednesday,  Thursday,  and  Friday,  in  consequence  of  the  arrangements  necessary  for  the  New  Pantomime.  —ln  Rehearsal,  the  New  Grand  Local  Christmas  Pantomime,  ORUSHEAD  Tait  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  &amp;  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON,  Columbine,  Mademoiselle  Rose;  Harlequin,  Sig.  Guarrino;  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson;  Inimitable  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby.—yours  open  at  half  past  six,  commence  at  seven  o'clock.—Admission,  Private  Boxes,  La.  ;  Boxes,  Is.;  Pit,  Gd.;  Gallery.  Id.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  Tins  DAY—Morning,  lh.  8m....  Afternoon,  lh.  26m.  MONDAY,  DECEMBER  19,  1853.  ANOTHER  BATTLE.  (By  Submarine  and  European  Telegraph.)  VIENNA,  FRIDAY  NIGHT,  DEC.  16.  An  official.  bulletin  (Russian)  has  been  received  here  from  Bucharest,  under  date  of  13th  December,  announcing  that  the  Russians  have  been  victorious  at  Achalzick  and  Alexandrianople.  General  Prince  Andronikow,  attacked  the  Turks  10,000  to  15,000  strong,  at  Lucolis,  a  village  near  Achalzick,  and  took  the  Turkish  entrenchments  by  storm,  after  a  hot  contest  of  eleven  hours'  duration.  The  Turks  lost  1,000  killed,  200  prisoners,  13  can cannon,  non, cannon,  2  artillery  trains,  ammunition,  &amp;c.,  and  a  number  of  standards.  Their  entire  camp  became  the  booty  of  the  Russians,  whose  loss  is  given  as  40  regulars  killed  ;  General  Freitaz,  9  officers,  and  180  men  wounded.  Some  battalions,  under  General  Prince  Bebutow,  repulsed  the  main  body  of  the  Turkish  army  at  Alexandrianople  THE  resignation  of  Lord  PALMERSTON  has  drawn  down  the  bitterest  indignation  of  the  British  press  upon  Lord  ABERDEEN,  if  not  the  whole  Administra Administration,  tion, Administration,  and  has  placed  the  existence  of  the  Cabinet  itself  in  great  jeopardy.  Men  of  every  shade  of  political  opinion  protest  against  the  existence  of  an  apathetic  and  impracti impracticable  cable impracticable  Ministry  at  this  most  momentous  epoch.  Those  who  were  most  in  favour  of  a  coalition  in  which  every  political  section  of  the  country  was  re represented  presented represented  are  the  loudest  in  declaring  against  men  whose  acts  are  followed  by  daily  disasters.  The  foreign  policy  of  the  Cabinet  is  not  only  considered  as  reckless  in  the  extreme,  but  is  actually  viewed  with  a  degree  of  alarm  that  is  almost  unprecedented.  The  responsibilities  the  Government  have  taken  upon  itself  in  the  Eastern  question  are  not  of  a  character  which  may  be  removed  by  the  mere  re resignation  signation resignation  of  one  of  its  members.  The  folly  and  mischief  that  have  marked  its  progress  must  be  ac accounted  counted accounted  for,  and  up  to  the  day  that  Lord  PALMER PALMERSTON  STON PALMERSTON  withdrew  his  support  from  the  Earl  of  ABER ABERDEEN  DEEN ABERDEEN  he  must  participate  fully  in  the  consequences  of  his  colleagues'  acts  ;  and  hence  we  are  disposed  to  take  objection  to  the  propriety  of  Lord  PALMER-  STON  . STYLE=superscript  E3  resignation  It  the  views  and  opinions  of  certain  members  of  the  Cabinet  were  so  entirely  opposed  to  the  interest  and  well-being  of  the  State,  Lord  PALMERSTON  should  have  demanded  a  meeting  in  council,  and  the  objects  and  results  of  that  meeting  ought  to  have  been  given  to  the  country.  The  present  crisis  is  altogether  too  great  to  justify  the  mere  putting  of  a  letter  of  resignation  into  the  hands  of  the  Premier  whose  presence  in  office  was  mainly  owing  to  the  coales coalescence  cence coalescence  of  the  noble  Viscount.  If  he  saw  still  greater  danger  to  our  best  interests  in  the  proposed  course  of  the  head,  or  any  other  member  of  the  Administration,  that  is  the  very  reason  why  he  should  not  have  left  them  in  the  hands  of  mistaken  or  incompetent  men.  The  policy  which  LORD  PALMERSTON  has  uniformly  pursued  in  the  management  of  our  foreign  affairs  is  just  that  which  would  tell  with  tenfold  greater  effect  now  than  it  has  ever  done  before,  and  he  should  have  shown  no  delicacy  in  enforcing  its  positive  adoption.  If  the  Turks  were  rebels  against  the  lawful  rule  .of  the  CZAR—if  Russia  was  a  civilised  and  enlight enlightened  ened enlightened  state,  whose  social  and  political  system  worked  in  harmony  with  the  rest  of  Europe,  then,  indeed,  we  might  be  disposed  to  palliate  the  con conduct  duct conduct  of  the  ABERDEEN  Cabinet.  But  where  we  have  to  deal  with  a  base  transgressor  against  the  law  of  nations  and  the  peace  of  the  world—a  mis miscreant,  creant, miscreant,  whose  mission  is  that  of  bloodshed  and  de desolation—whose  solation—whose desolation—whose  commercial STYLE=superscript  system  is  prohibitive,  and  whose  political  system  renders  war  probable  and  possible  at  any  moment,  to  sanction  the  aggression  and  increase  of  power  on  the  part  of  a  nation  so  constituted,  would  be  perfectly  suicidal.  Setting  aside  the  claims  which  humanity  must  always  have  on  this  and  every  civilised  country,  what  sympathy  or  what  interest  can  the  people  of  England  have  for  Russia  ?  t.  Pree  trade  is  simply  moral  and  social  progres progression,  sion, progression,  and  an  enlarged  circle  of  commerce  can  only  be  attained  by  means  of  peace.  Russia  knows  this  well,  and  she  tries  to  defeat  the  foiiner  by  openly  violating  the  latter,  and  the  only  man  in  the  coalition  * STYLE=superscript  Cabinet  Capable  of  comprehending  this  view  of  Russia's  designs  in  all  its  bearings  was  Lord  PALMERSTON.  The  vast  reforms  which  have  taken  place  in  Turkey  within  the  last  twenty-five  years  are  all  to  be  attributed  to  the  counten countenance  ance countenance  given  by  Lord  PALMERSTON  tO  RESCHID  PACHA  and  other  reformers  among  the  Ottoman  statesmen.  Russian  intrigue  was  incessantly  em employed  ployed employed  to  check  the  social  improvement  of  the  Turks  ;  and  no  expense  was  spared  to  defeat  the  efforts  made  by  our  Foreign-office  to  encourage  the  SULTAN  to  proceed  with  the  good  work.  The  war  now  pending  is  therefore  one  which  Lord  PALMgRSTON  has  provoked,  by  encouraging  the  Turks  to  carry  out  those  reforms  which  were  so  much  needed.  They  are  his  measures  and  his  principles  that  are  now  on  their  trial,  and  we  are  again  inclined  to  say  that  he  ought  not  to  have  surrended  them  up  to  Lord  ABERDEEN.  The  world  is  too  deeply  interested  in  the  work  of  civilisation,  to  think  of  allowing  the  cause  of  the  rational  pro progress  gress progress  of  nations  to  fall  into  the  hands  of  a  man  who  views  all  such  matters  as  so  much  moonshine.  At  the  Cabinet  Council  of  yesterday,  we  feel  assured  the  Eastern  question  was  not  past  over  in  cool  indifference,  and  we  shall  not  be  surprised  to  hear  of  'other  resignations  following  that  of  the  Home  Secretary,  which  has  itself  produced  a  crisis  which  Lord  ABERDEEN  and  the  country  must  very  soon  feel  and  understand.  If  Lord  PALMERSTON  retired  from  office  on  the  advice  or  with  the  sanction  of  Lord  LANSDOWNE,  the  latter  nobleman  can  scarcely  hold  his  place  in ina  a ina  ministry  for  which  he  can  feel  no  very  high  de degree  gree degree  of  respect.  And  if  ho  should  leave  the  PREMIER,  it  is  not  unreasonable  to  suppose  that  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  will  also  retire.  In  the  meantime,  however,  the  Turks  are  being  slaughtered  both  by  land  and  sea  without  mercy--  the  English  and  French  fleets  are  lying  idle  in  the  Bosphorus  like  so  many  hulks—Lord  STRATFORD,  our  Ambassador  at  the  Porte,  is  doing  all  he  can  to  keep  the.  Turkish  admiral,  who  is  an  English Englishman,  man, Englishman,  inactive—the  Turkish  fleet  is  therefore  useless,  and  the  battle  of  Sinope  has  been  followed  by  still  further  victories  on  the  part  of  the  Rus Russians.  sians. Russians.  Luckily,  however,  the  Emperor  of  France  has  at  last  spoken  out.  The  French  are  . STYLE=superscript  no  less  interested  than  we  are  in  the  preservation  of  the  Ottoman  Enipire  ;  and  we  feel  strongly  inclined  to  believe  that  the  Emperor  will  not  suffer  the  French  fleet  to  remain  inactive  much  longer.  From  accounts  recently  published,  it  appears  that  the  population  of  Turkey  in  Asia,  Africa,  and  Europe,  amounts  to  35,000,000  souls.  The  Turkish  army  is  estimated  at  448,000  men,  which  are  divided  as  follows  :—Regular  army,  138,680  men;  reserve,  138,680  ;  irregulars,  61,500  ;  and  contingents,  110,000.  To  annihilate  such  a  force  as  this  is  not  the  work  of  a  day;  but  why  suifer  bloodshed  when  the  Government  of  England  is  said  to  be  resolved  in  upholding  the  SULTAN'S  sovereignty  and  main maintaining  taining maintaining  peace  ?  THE  subject  of  Life  Assurance  is  fraught  with  vital  interests  to  the  community.  Especially  does  it  concern  the  middle  and  humbler  classes.  And  we  are  glad  to  find  Lord  ERSKINE,—who  is  never  backward  in  promoting  measures  of  social  advan advantage,—lending  tage,—lending advantage,—lending  his  honoured  name  and  zealous  ad advocacy  vocacy advocacy  to  such  a  cause.  Now,  amongst  the  most  useful  institutions  of  modern  times  may  be  ranked  Life  Assurance  Companies  ;  and  their  increase  of  late  years  proves  that  their  value  is  becoming  more  fully  appreciated.  Still  their  nature  is  very  4  _  .  „_--  1.  -1  7  4.-..  5  0  to  ear.  I,v  those  very  persons  whose  peculiar  interest  it  is  to  possess  a  sound  and  practical  knowledge  of  the  science  upon  which  they  are  established.  Upon  the  inferior  orders  of  creation  it  would  seem  as  if  more  care  had  been  bestowed  than  upon  those  of  a  higher  rank.  Animals,  for  instance,  which  are  destined  for  subordinate  spheres  are  born  with  every  requisite  their  mean  condition  demands,  and  possess  the  necessary  defences  against  the  effects  of  a  torrid,  a  temperate,  or  a  frigid  zone.  They  are  also  found  to  possess  the  property  of  instinct,  which  does  for  them  what  reason  should  accomplish  for  man.  But  this  very  apparent  neglect  of  Nature  with  regard  to  hu human  man human  kind,  argues  a  far  higher  and  nobler  condi condition  tion condition  of  being.  By  the  wonderful  qualities  of  mind  and  reason,  comforts,  conveniencies,  and  even  luxuries  are  procured,  which  Nature  in  her  rude  condition  would  ever  fail  to  impart.  Not Notwithstanding  withstanding Notwithstanding  the  beautiful  order  that  characterises  Nature  and  pervades  her  manifold  works,  there  is  a  glaring  incongruity  apparent  ;  and  this  incon•  gruity  is  exclusively  confined  to  man,  the  noblest  specimen  of  her  skill  and  genius.  Take,  for  ex example,  ample, example,  the  tiny  ant—view  her  ceaseless  industry—  —her  indomitable  perseverance—her  extraordinar  y  skill—and  above  all,  her  prudent  concern  for  the  future  in  laying  up  ample,  provision  for  her  neces necessities.  sities. necessities.  How  sad  and  bitter  the  contrast  which  the  ant  presents  to  many  of  us  who  rank  highest  in.  the  scale  of  existence,  and  who  claim  the  prerogative  of  intellectual  beings  !  This  little  creature  will  gather  into  its  store-house  nn  ample  supply  for  its  future  wants,  whilst  men  will  neglect  to  lay  up,  by  provident  savings,  what  would  enable  them  to  in insure  sure insure  their  lives,  and  thus  secure  to  their  depen dependents  dents dependents  provision  in  case  of  being  cut  _off  either  by  disease  or  sudden  calamity,—contingencies  against  which  every  rational  and  civilized  man  should  pro provide.  vide. provide.  We  are  strongly  of  opinion  that  the  only  efficient  preventative  of  pauperism  is  the  universal  practice  of  Life  Assurance.  Previous  to  the  institutions  for  the  assurance  of  life  being  so  general,  the  person  who  could  save  a  very  small  portion  of  a  limited  income  despaired  of  ever  accumulating  sufficient  to  afford  any  pit pittance  tance pittance  to  his  children,  and  he  became  reckless  of  attaining  so  hopeless  an  object.  The  trouble  and  difficulty  of  investing  small  sums  yearly,  and  of  obtaining  accumulated  interest,  were  in  themselves  sufficient  to  deter  even  a  man  anxiously  de desirous  sirous desirous  for  the  future  welfare  of  his  family,  from  endeavouring  to  acquire  by  small  savings  what  he  could  reasonably  hope  would—though  fostered  through  length  of  years—swell  into  a  patrimony  for  his  children.  But  now  the  more  than  pro probability—the  bability—the probability—the  certainty  is  his.  The  system  of  Life  Assurance—a  science  worthy  of  our  advanced  civilization—incites  all  to  the  moral  obligation  of  exercising  foresight  and  prudence  ;  since  through  its  means  these  virtues  may  be  incessantly  and  successfully  practised  and  their  ultimate  reward  secured.  If  a  man's  income  be  sufficient  to  allow  of  his  setting  apart  somewhat  considerable  for  au  accumulating  fund,  it  is  still  no  slight  advantage.  considering  the  constitution  of  human  nature,  that  he  can  put  it  out  of  his  power  to  encroach  upon  his  savings.  By  laying  out  an  annual  sum  in  in insuring  suring insuring  his  life  he  cannot  without  difficulty  and  considerable  loss  apply  to  hie  present  uses  his  past  accumulations  ;  while  there  is  little  fear  that  he  will  be  so  reckless  or  improvident  as  to  forfeit  his  testamentary  claim  by  neglecting  to  meet  his  peri  odical  payments.  Besides  the  benefits  Assurance  Companies  confer  on  the  individual,  they  are  like likewise  wise likewise  fraught  with  advantages  to  society.  By  their  means  an  immense  accumulating  productive  capital  is  formed  ;  while  the  annual  premiums  payable  thereupon  are  regarded  as  a  part  of  neces necessary  sary necessary  expenditure  ;  these,  and  the  continially  in increasing  creasing increasing  interest  upon  them,  are  so  much  added  to  the  productive  capital  of  the  community.  The  advantages  which  Life  Assurance  confers  are  not  limited  in  their  character  or  confined  to  any  particular  class.  Civilisation  and  science  have  brought  those  benefits  within  the.  reach  of  all.  A  man  with  a  moderate  income  may  feel  that  in  a  few  years  he  shall  have  saved  sufficient  to  leave  a  competence  for  his  family  ;  but  he  feels  likewise  that  at  any  moment  of  time  he  may  be  snatched  from  them  ere  the  proposed  sum  is  amassed.  He  therefore  has  recourse  to  an  in insurance  surance insurance  on  his  life,  and  renders  that  certain  which  Nature  has  made  uncertain.  The  hoard  is  already  his  in  reversion,  and  the  best  years  of  his  life  are  no  longer  wasted  away  by  anxiety  and  care.  The  gloomy  anticipation  of  future  evil  no  longer  robs  him  of  present  enjoyment.  But  some  may  say  :  are  now  in  the  possession  of  excellent  health,  and  we  have  every  prospect  of  living  for  many  years.  Why  should  we  insure  our  lives?  Will  it  not  answer  at  a  more  advanced  period  What  a  strange  creature  is  man.  How  inconsistent!  How  penny pennywise  wise pennywise  and  pound-foolish  The  very  principles  by  which  he  is  governed  in  the  counting-house  or  the  work-shop,  actuate  him  no  longer  when  far  more  important  interests  are  at  stake.  The  man  who  fancies  he  has  many  and  beautiful  years  to  live,  is  he  upon  whom  Death  may  speedily  feast.  It  is  not  upon  the  delicate  form  that  the  grave  loves  to  riot,  „but  upon  the  hale  and  blooming  body.  On  this  it  delights  to  make  its  ravages.  It  loves  to  feed  upon  the  Vine  whose  branches  yield  rich  fruit  and  blossom  ;  not  upon  the  sapless  tendrils  of  the  decayed  Cypress  !  But  how  unwise  and  impolitic  is  the  conduct  of  him  who  refrains  from  insuring  his  life  until  the  time  approaches  when  he  knows  that  his  days  are  numbered?  It  is  very  doubtful  whether  he  would  be  accepted  by  any  Company,  on  any  terms,  at  the  time  he  may  set  about  insuring.  But,  if  otherwise,  a  very  large  rate  of  premium  would  necessarily  be  required  to  save  the  office  from  much  risk.  The  disadvantages,  therefore,  are  obvious;  whilst  the  benefits  which  accrue  from  insuring  one's  life  early  are  consider.  able.  For  instance,  a  male,  whose  age  will  be  21  years  next  birthday,  can  insure  to  the  amount  of  500/.  by  the  small  payment  of  somethi  ng  lik  e  91.  12s.  annually;  whereas  a  person  ag  e  d  60  years  should  pay  for  the  same  advantage  361  during  the  remaining  period  of  his  life.  By  the  payment  of  less  than  12  guineas  a-year  a  husband,  aged  30,  may  secure  to  his  wife  at  his  death  the  amount  of  501.  for  the  whole  term  of  her  Life  ;  or  an  annuity  of  251.  may  be  guaranteed  by  the  payment  of  6  guineas  per  annum.  What  a  number  of  destitute  widows  there  are  in  the  world,  that  the  sum  of  fifty,  or  even  twenty-five  pounds  a ayear  year ayear  would  make  comparatively  comfortable?  Their  tears  would  be  wiped  away—their  sighs  suppressed  —and  their  hearts  would  beat  with  thankfulness.  Husbands  who  really  love  their  wives  should  prove  it  by  their  deeds  ;  and  in  no  way  better  than  by  making  trifling  sacrifices  to  ensure  to  them  lasting  benefits.  Affection,  like  gratitude,  consists  more  in  acts  than  in  words  ;  and  that  Is  not  the  best  remembered  where  the  lips  Pour  forth  their  voluble  and  fluent  tide  Of  warm  What  a  pleasant  consideration  it  must  be  for  the  head  of  a  family  to  know  that  should  he  be  sud suddenly  denly suddenly  deprived  of  existence,  he  has  not  left  his  dependents  destitute,  and  obliged  to  solicit  the  cold  hand  of  and,  perhaps,  solicit  it  in  vain.  How  pleasing  the  satisfaction  which  even  Life  Assurance  affords  to  the  mechanic,  who,  although  he  cannot  hope,  in  the  event  of  his  de  cease,  W  ima,v  yr  and  orphans  large  Bums,  may  yet  by  little  retrenchments  procure  sufficient  to  save  them  from  the  workhouse  and  place  them  in  some  industrial  pursuit.  Life  Assurance  com commends  mends commends  itself  to  all  classes—but  especially  to  the  artizan,  whose  extent  of  life  is  considerably  below  that  of  the  other  portions  of  the  community,  and  who,  unfortunately,  is  less  alive  than  others  to  the  benefits  such  a  system  confers.  However,  we  trust  that  the  efforts  made  by  the  Press,  and  the  instructions  that  occasionally  emanate  from  the  platform,  will  tend  to  bring  about  a  better  under understanding  standing understanding  of  a  subject  pregnant  with  such  import important  ant important  consequences.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
