text
"OF  THE  s  ,  o  1,200  KILLED  AND  I,I7OUNDED.  .  .  The  Pads  Moniteur  of  yesterday  explains  that  the  battle  of  Oltenitza  took  place  ou.  the  4th  of  NoVember,  -'within  'the  triangle  of  land,  .fermed  by  the  waters  of  the  Argis  and  the  Danube.'  9000  Turks  occupied  the  Quarantine  'Building,  and  the  old  fortified  redoubt,  situated  in  the  plain  near  the  Danube,  as.well  as  the  village,  From  their  posi,  tion  the  turps  poured  shell  and  shot  among  the  RUSsians  .  Willi  great  success,  up  to  the  ~very  en=  trance  of  •  the  village.  where.  General  Dannenberg  was  directing  the  attack.  The:  Russian  :loss  in  killed.  and  wounded.'-'is  estimated  at  .1;200.  ,  Nearly  a.ll  the  Chiefs  of  batta battalion  lion battalion  are  wounded,  and  that  withconicai  Prince  Gortselitikoff  left  his  poSition  on  learn learning-the'news  ing-the'news learning-the'news  from  . STYLE=superscript  'Oltenitza,  and  it:is  a  question  of  his  'attacking  the  Turks  With  24;000  men,  some somewhere  where somewhere  about  this  date:  The  following  despatch  has  'been  received  by.  sill)  Marine  telegraph,  but  there,  is_  evidently  some  miStake  in  it.  lurtukai  is  'nu  :  the.  Bulgarian,  or  Turkish  proper  bank  of:the  Danube,  - STYLE=superscript  .  and  unless  we  are  to  ..read.the  across  from  Tur 'Turtukai,'  the  beginning  'of  itseems:inconSistent  with  the  -end,,  which  announces'  as  , STYLE=superscript  expeeted,  a  renewed  attack  by  the  TurkS.'  •  VIENNA,  Stinday.All  the  reports  of  a  grand  battle,  and  the  taking  of  Bucharest  by,  the  Turks,  are  till  now  unfounded.  On  the  30,  Prince,  Gorts  7  ehakoff  received  Orders  to  ,assume  the  offensive,  all  projects  of  Compromise  having  proved  unsuccessfuL  The  AuSrian,  Correspondenz  ~  says  Prince  Gortschakoff,  accompanied  by  his  .whole  staff,  advanced  towards  Oltenitza  on  the  Bth  The  Turks  have  sent  considerable  masses  'of  troops  across  to  Turtukai.  A  renewed  attack  from  the  Turks  was  hourly  expected,'  PAnts,  'Monday  'Morning.—Prince  Gortschakoff  has  left  Bucharest  for  Oltenitza  with  24,000  men,  to  attack.  the  Turks.  .The  TurkiSh  foree'  there,  is  . STYLE=superscript  .  only  9,000  strong.  A  battle  was  hourly  expected..  Another  despatch.  from  Paris,.  dated  Sunday  evening,%alf-past  six  says.:—The  Turkish  embassy  at  Paris'has  not  received  fora-day  or  two  any  direct'  intelligence  from  the  theatre  of  war.  The  French  governinent  this-  day  communicated  to  the  Turkish  ambassador  a  telegrAphic  despatch  which  it'had  just  received,  -and  Which  - STYLE=superscript  gives'  account  of  the  third  day's.  fighting.  at  „Oltenitza.  It  deelares  that  the  Turks  twice  occupied  Oltenitia,  and  were  twice  , STYLE=superscript  forced  from  their  positions  by  the  Russians  ;  but  that  in  the  end,  ,On  their  occupying  the  place:the  third  time,  aftera  desperate  struggle,  theY  succeeded  in  remaining  masters  of  the  town;  lii  this  last  fighting  not  less  than  1,200  Russians  were  put  hors  de  combat,  - STYLE=superscript  and  the  loss  in  Officers  was.  unusually  great,  nearly  A  the  Russian  .  colonels  and  majors  being  either  kit'  or  Wounded  .  .  The  despatch  mentions  that  the  Turkish  chasseurs,  organised  on  the  Model  of  those  of  Vincennes,  have  -rendered  services  of  a  very  remarkable  character.  Vienna  letters  of  the  10th,  written  at  six-  o'clock  p.nt,  say  it  is  not  likely  that  the  following  startling  news  will  find  its  way  into  our  papers,  but  you  may  implicitly  rely  on,  its  correctness.  The  victory  of  the  Turks,  which.waS  owing  to  treachery,-  was  more'  complete  than  is  generally  supposed.  The  outposts  nearest  the  river  were  Poles,  and  they  not  only  per permitted  mitted permitted  the  Turks  to  cross  without  giving  notice  of  their  approach,  bet  assisted  them  in  the  Work  of  death.  The  cannonade,  as  at  first  slated,  actually  lasted  - STYLE=superscript  ,  with  slight  interruptionS,  28  hours..  The  date  was  a'  mistake;  the  affair  began  in'  the:-night  between  the  Ist  and  ?,nd,  and  lasted  until  the  .3rd  The  Constitzitiwinel,  - STYLE=superscript  while  it  appearS  to  confirm  the  fact  of  a  seriolls  Ylnp:afrOrnPiit  1191  , STYLE=superscript  471  ft'azon  place  in  the  neighbourhood  of.  Bucharest,  says  that  the  advantage  was  on  the  side  of  the  Turks  ;  and  adds,  -`!  A.  Russian  corps,  thought  to  - STYLE=superscript  be,  that  Of  Creneral  Dannenberg,  is  said  to  Shave  been  beaten'  on  the  line  frimn  Widdin  to  Dacharent.,'  This  iiri iiriportant  portant iiriportant  advantage  'obtained  by  the  Turks,  would,  if  confirmed;  account  for  the  :ultimatu)n  mentioned  in  one  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  .telegraphic  despatches  as  haying  been  sent'  by  Omer  Paella  to  the  Russian  General-in-  Letters  of  the  Val  from  the  Danube,  mention  that  all  the  forts  and  batteries  established  on  the  right  bank  of  the  river  were  completely  armed  and  defended  by  nuinerons  garrisons,  'and  that  two  corps  de  reserve  were  organised,  one  to  prevent  the  RtissianS  from  crossing  in  cage  they  attempted  any anything  thing anything  of  the  kind,;  and  thp  other'  to  second  the  movements  of  .the  Turkish'  troops  operating  in  .  .  The  position.  of  Oltenitza  is  very  strong.  The  left  wing  of  the  'Turks-  is  protected  by  the  river  ArdriSeh,  the  right  by  the  swampy  . STYLE=superscript  round,  and  :  the  rear  by  the  .fortress  bf  Silistria  and  t STYLE=superscript  'the  fort  of  Turtukai.  From  the  varions  somewhat  unconnected  state statements  ments statements  which.have  been  , STYLE=superscript  received  from  the  seat  of  war,  the  following  would  appear  to'  ,be  the  true  position  of  affairs  Turks;  then,  are  estab;  lishetl  at  Kalarasch,  oppoSite  Silistria;  at  Olte Oltenitza,  nitza, Oltenitza,  on  island  opposite  Giurgevo  ;at  Simnitza,.  at  Tarim;  at  Kalaraseh,'opposite  Rahova;  and  at  Kalafat,  and  with  42,000  men:  '  Each  paper  has  a  different  account  of;  what  has  occurred,  but  the  Oast.  Deutsche  Yost  `gives:  a  kind  'of  panoramic  view  of  the  whole:seat  of  .war,  , STYLE=superscript  which  is  both'  instructive.  and  interesting.  'A  short  E  notice  from  Herniann Herniannstadt  stadt- Herniannstadt  saYs  that  the  Turks  have  got  posse  . STYLE=superscript  ssion  of  Lesser  Wallachia  without  striking  a  blow  ;  and,  in  . STYLE=superscript  a  letter  from  .Cronstadt,  their.  progress'  is  being  .  'desaribed  - STYLE=superscript  as.  very  'considerable,  'As  well  at  Silis Silistria  tria Silistria  as  .at  :Rustchtick,,  Considerable  masses'  of  Turkish  troops  have  crossed  the  river,  and  at  least  22,000  men  must  be.  in  Greater  Wallachia.  We  further  learn  that  at  Kirnoczi  the  Turks  have  formed  a  fortified  camp,  from  which  12,000  Rus-  shins  have  been  repUlsed  ;  but  this  .Would'  appear  more  worthy  of  .credit  if'  such  a  place  could  be  found  on  the  map.  '  The  Journal  de  Smyrna  speaks  _  .  ..  .-  .  of  a  battle  near  Butoum,  in  which  theßusstans  not  only  lost  1,000  men,  but  were  purSued  fifty  English  miles  across  the  frontier.  This  may  be  true;  as  the  Trieste  Zeitung  has  . STYLE=superscript  letters  of  the  31st  ,  .  Octobek  fkoM  Constantinople,  in  which  •  mention  is  made  of  SeliinPasha's  having  passed  the  Rns Rnssian  sian Rnssian  frontier,  and:  of  - STYLE=superscript  a  . STYLE=superscript  prevalent  rumour  of  a  conflict  near  ,Batoum-  Theie  is,  'hoWever,  good  reason  for  supposing  that  up  to  the  .  With  •  October,  - STYLE=superscript  only  tvVo  . STYLE=superscript  unimportant  oOpoSt  skirmishes  had  Oe Oeeurr4d..  eurr4d.. Oeeurr4d..  •  •  .  ,  The  Oest.  Deutsche  Post  is  prObably  not  far  from  the  truth  when  it  supposes  that  the  left•wing  of  Omar  Pasha's  army,  which  was'  at  Sophia,  is  now  in  Lesser  Walachia,  and  consegnently  on  the.  right  flank  of  the.  Russians,  The  second  and  more  im-.  portant  movement  is  that  in  front;.  as  its  .success  will  probably  force  Prince,  Gortschakoff  to  order  his  right  wing  to.  fall  back  on  Bucharest  to  protect,  that  41ty,  in  which  case  the,  left  wing  of  the  Turks  will  have  little  difficulty  in  getting  through•  Lesser  Wallachia  to  the  Aluna.  The  operations  in  front  'are  etidently  directed  from  Shunala,  which  place  is  the  lertex  '  of  '  the  obtuse  angle  formed  by  Silistiia  and  RutschuiC  .  There  is  no  positive  intelligence  on  which'  to  found  such  a  conjecture,  but  i  'would,  nof,.•  surprise  , STYLE=superscript  one  'to  learn  in  a  few  II  days  hat  the  left  flank  of  the  .Russians  was  also  mena  red  -  by  Turkish  troops.  Which  had  crossed  at.  H  rsova,  on  that  part  of  .the  Danube  which;  flowiy•  due  north,  forms  the  eastern  boundary  of  Wall  Il  lia.  -  An  '  immediate  advance  against  131  V  cho.re  E  t  doeS  not  appear  probable.  The  Turks  havehot  succeeded  in  the  crossing  the  river  at  'Griur  evo,  which  leaves  a  nasty  gap  in  their  line  of  attar  .  •  -  -  ~  •  We  may  next,  therefore,.  expect  to  hear  of  the  encou  ter  between  the  main  bodies,  under  Prince  Gorts,  hakoff  and  Omer,  Pasha,  which  will,  of  course,  materially  affect  the  issue  of  the  struggle  , STYLE=superscript  for  the  present  at  least'  •'  •  SO  much  for  the  seat  of  war.  As  regards  •pel  .  .  ..  tical  vents  the  Paris  correspondent  of  the..Chr  - STYLE=superscript  mu  cle  sags  I  understand  the  policy  of  the  French  i  goverment  with  respect  to  Russia  is  becoming.  daily  iore  and  more  vigorous.  -  :'.lt  . STYLE=superscript  has  intimated  ahead  to  Russia,  that  it  A:ill  ..  consider  it  a  cases  be4i  it  the  principalities  be'ndt  at  once  evacuated;  and  it  has,  moreover,  called  upon  Austria  for  expla explanations,  nations, explanations,  as  to  the  part  she  will  take  in  the  struggle,  should  struggle  The  correspondent  men mentions  tions mentions  a  rumour,  That  notes  are  being  exchanged  between  Vienna,  Paris,  and  London,  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  clearly  defining  the  position  of  Austria  in  .  .  .  ,  every  eventuality  - STYLE=superscript  of  _the  Eastern  question:  The  French  Gov,  , STYLE=superscript  ru  . STYLE=superscript  nient  it  is,  added,  has  proppsed  to  the  English  (.Jiiuet  to  at  once  act  With  enemy;  and  order  - STYLE=superscript  the.  entrance  of  the  combined  fleets  into.  tile  We  learn  from  Pran  . STYLE=superscript  k.fort,  that  Baron  Pyokesh-  Osten  has  .communicated  to  the  Diet  a  statement  respecting  the  Oriential  question.  The  Prussian  Ambassador  declared  that  his  Government  reserved  to  itself  full  liberty  of  action.  •,‘  The  German  papers  affirm  that  orders  haveleen.  sent  to-  M.  de  Bruck  to  inform  the  Porte  that  Aus Austria  tria Austria  retires  from  the  conference,  and.will  henceforth  remain  neutral.  .  .  The.  latest  accounts  from  Belgrade  state  that  the  Austrian  army  ofobservation  on  the  Servian  frontier  will  be  ,40,000  strong.  ,  The  following  is  the  circular  Note  addressed.  by  Count  Nesselrode  to  the  Russian  representatives  at  the  Courts  of  Europe  4 STYLE=superscript  .t  ST.  PITERSBITRG,  OCt.  19,  (31).  Sir--The  efforts  which  we  have  not  ceased  to,  make  for  the  last  eight  _months  to  arrive  at  the  amicable  arrange arrangement  ment arrangement  Of  our  differences  'with  the  Ottoman  Empire,  have  been  hitherto  `r  fraitlesS.  Nay  more,  the  situation  seems  to  tend  every  day  to  aggravate'  greatly.  While  the  Emperor  offered,  daring  his  interview  at  •  Olmutz  with  his  intimate  friend  and  ally  the  Emperor  Francis  'Joseph,  new  facilities  to  -the  Ottoman  'Cabinet  to  clear  the  •misunder •misunderstanding  standing •misunderstanding  which  has  been  attached  to  the  motives  set  forth  by  _us  for  rejecting  the  modifications  which  the  Porte  wished  to  introduce  into  the,  note  concerted  at  Vienna,  the  Porte  yielding,  notwithstanding.  the  counsels  of  the  uropean  re repreSentatives  preSentatives repreSentatives  'at  • STYLE=superscript  Constantinople,  to  the  impulse  of  warlike  ideas  and  of  Mussulman  fanaticism,  has,,  as  you  are  already  aware,  formally  declared  war  against  us,  That  precipitate  measure  has,  nevertheless,  made  no  change  in  the  pacific  dispositions  of  the.  Emperor.  We  do  not  on  that  account  yet  abandon  the  resolutions  announced  from  the  beginning  in  our  circular  of  the  20th  of  June  (2  July.  -  At  that  period  his  Majesty  declared  that  in  temporarily  occupying  the  Principalities  as  a  material  guarantee  destined  to  insure  him  the  satisfaction  which  he  demands,  he  did  not  wish  to  push  further  the  measures  of  coercion,  and  would  avoid  an  offen— offensive  sive offensive  war  as.long  as  his  dignity  and  his  interests  .would  permit  him:  •  the  present  hour,  and  in  spite  of  the  new.  provocation  Which  has  now  been  addi-essed  to  hini,  the  intentions  of  my  august  waster  - STYLE=superscript  i•etnain  the  oriald  of  th  same.  Posses  See  mat  ,  .  pledge  which  the  occupation  of  the  two  Moldo:‘lrallachian  provinces  give  nOlthough  we  are  always  ready,  according  to  our  promises,  to  evacuate  them  from  the  moment  that  re reparation  paration reparation  shall  hnve  - STYLE=superscript  be  - STYLE=superscript  en  Made  - STYLE=superscript  CO'  us,  we  shall  content  our ourselves  selves ourselves  .previsionally  with  - STYLE=superscript  maintaining  our  positions  there,  .  remaining  •  on'  the  - STYLE=superscript  defensive,  •as  long  as  we'  shall  not  •  have  'been  forced  to  quit  the  circle  within  which  we  desire  to  con confine  fine confine  our  action.  , STYLE=superscript  'We  - STYLE=superscript  will  await  the  attack  of  the  Turks,  without  asSuming•the  initiative•of  hostilities.:  'lt  *ill  con consequently  sequently consequently  depend  altogether  on  the  other  powers  not  to  en enlarge  large enlarge  the  limits  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  War,  if  the  Turks  should  persist  in  absolutolr.eommencing  it,  and  not  to  itnpart  to  it  a  ehara..ter  different  from  that  which.  we  intend  to  leave  it.  ThiS  situa situation,  tion, situation,  :altogether_oean'eipeetant  .oliaraeter,  does  not  throw  any  obstacle  in  the  way  of  continuing  negotiations.  As  is  to  be  -expected,  after  the  declaration  of  war  which  has  been  made,  it  is  not  for  Russia:to  seek  for  - STYLE=superscript  new  expedients,  or  to  assume  the  initiatiVe  •ot  :making  :overtures  of  cenciliation.  But  if  the  Porte,  becoming  more  enlightened  as  to  her  own  interests,  should  hereafter  be'  disposed  to  put  forward  or  to  receive  favourably  such  overtures,  it  will  not  be  •frera.  the  Emperor  that  any  obstacles  will  'proceed  to  their  being  taken  into  consideration.  Such,  'Sir,  is  all  that  at  present'  we  are  allowed  to  sio  '  nify  to  von,  in  Our  incertitude  as  to  whether  the  Ottoman  Porte:will  immediately  carry  out  the  warlike  projects  which  she  has  just  adopted,  •  State  our  eventual  intention  to  the  Cabinet  to  which  - STYLE=superscript  you  are  aecredited.  They  will  once  more  attest  the  desire  of  our  august  master'  to  circumscribe  as  much  as  possible  the  circle  of  hostilities  should  they  take  place  in  spite  of  his  wishes,'  and  to  spare  the  consequences  of  them  to  the  rest  of  Europe.—Receive,  ...  •  The  following.  is  the  notification  of  the  Russian  Minister  of  Finance  respecting  the  embargo  ion  Turkish  •ves'Sels,  November  b  :  •  In  con,equence.  of  war.  haVing  been  declared  against  Russia  - STYLE=superscript  by  the-Often:fan-  Porte,  the  Minister  of  Finance  con:.  skiers  it  lit  to  make  the  following  communications  to  the  trade.  The  warlike  operations  which  Turkey  has  already  begun  against  Russia  'put  a  Stop  to  all  direct  intercourse  be between  tween between  their  respective  subjects  ;  nevertheless  the  Porte  has  h;  id  - STYLE=superscript  no  eintrargo  -  vessels  lying  in  her  ports,  in  her  proclamation  promised  to  grant  them  a  limited  period  fur  their,  frendepartnre  for  whatever  port  they  may  please;  •  at  the  same  time  the  Porte  promised  not  to  hinder  the  free  r  f.L  s  qage  mereliant  .obi  t!F  frinnrily  P.rvort,  Straits  leading  to  the  Black  Sea.  - STYLE=superscript  '  '  by  feelings  of  justice,  the  Russian  Govern Government,  ment, Government,  on  its  part,  offers  . STYLE=superscript  a  free  exit  to  the  .Turkish  vessels  that  happen  to  be  in,  her  ports  up  to  the  10th  (22nd)  Noveni Novenilx,r  lx,r Novenilx,r  of  this'year  ;  'furthermore;  if  even  after  the  expiration  of  this  daft,  our  .raisers  should  fall  in  with  Turkish  vessels•  leaded  with  goods  belonging  to  Use  sahjom...f  those  Powers  with  whom  Russia  -is  in  friendly  intercourse,  they  wiii  - STYLE=superscript  lic  permitted  to  proceed.  o  theii  destination  unmolested;  and  their  cargoes  recognized  as  inviolable  if  the  ships'  documents  prove  that  they  were  loaded  by  the  above-mentioned  date,  Further,  as  the  Porte  has  not  exempted  the  mercantile  navy  of  RuSsia  from  the  rigorous  Measures  which  are  justified  by  the  rules  of  war,  •  so  our  cruisers  also  will  chase  Turkish  merchant  ships  on  the  sea,  and  in  the  event  of  capture,  the  vessels  themselves,  as  well  as  their.  cargdes;  will  be  considered  as  rightful  sea  prizes  ;  although  the  cargoes  seized  under  Turkish  fla,gs-maynot  have  been  .TurkiShproperty,  but  belong  to  a  subject  of  a  friendly  Power.  To  the  navigation  of  merchant  ships  of  neutral  :  nation's,  even  during  warlike  operations  on  the  part-of  Russia;  Rill  free:dem  hill  be  allowed.  Commer Commercial  cial Commercial  craft,  -under  neutral  flags,  will,  as  heretofore,  be  per permitted  mitted permitted  to,  enter  and  leave  our  ports  at  will.  Besides  this,  - STYLE=superscript  in  conseqUence  Of  the  rupture  of  that  general  intercourse  '-between  Odessa  and  Constantinople  which  was  carried  on  by  Russian  steamers,  our  government  appreciating  the  im importance  portance importance  of  this  intercourse  to  trade  in  general,  has  eiripow eiripow.ered  .ered eiripow.ered  the  company  (Lloyd's),  during  the  war,  to  keep  up  this  regular  communication  between  Odessa  and  Constanti Constantinople  nople Constantinople  by  Means  of  steamers,  in  which  they  are  at  liberty  to  transport  not  only  passengers  and  good,  but  also  ,corres:  •  -•  •  •"
