text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  stippcirt  fidni  the  more  wealthy  classes  of  the  community  of  the  town.  (Applause.)  That  was  the  kind  of  assistance  which  any  one  might  be  proud  of  offering,  and  which  no  one  might  be  ashamed  of  acknowledging.  (Applause.)  It  was  not  on  eleemosynary  matter,  or  anything  calculated  to  wound  any  man's  feelings  of  independence  —it  was  simply  a  discharge  of  a  solemn  obligation  of  a  most  important  cha character  racter character  upon  those  who,  under  the  laws  of  this  country,  had  thriven  and  grown  wealthy—an  obligation  which  they  owed  to  the  lower  classes  of  the  community  by  whose  labour  they  had  acquired  wealth.  (Applause.)  There  was  just  one  other  point  upon  which  he  wished  to  say  a  word.  They  were  probably  aware  that  by  an  act  of  parliament,  which  was  passed  he  thought  in  1848,  it  was  in  the  power  of  any  town  or  borough  to  charge  a  part  of  the  expense  of  main-  , STYLE=superscript  taining  such  an  institution  on  the  public  rates.  He  thought  it  was  creditable  and  honourable  to  the  inhabitants  of  Bury  that  they  had  not  done  so.  (Loud  applause.)  In  the  United  States  of  America,.  where  he  was  afraid  he  must  say  they  were  considerably  in  advance  of  us  in  matters  of  education,  there  was  no  heavier  rate  than  the  rate  they  paid  for  schooling  •  and  he  believed  that  there  were  none  willingly  paid.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  he  thought  that,  other  means  failing,  they,  or  any  inhabitants  of  any  borough,  would  have  been  perfectly  justified  in  calling  for  that  public  aid  which  the  legislature  had  placed  within  their  power.  But  it  was  the  more  honourable  to  them,  and  showed  a  greater  reliance  on  their  own  means  that  they  had  not  had  recourse  to  such  aid,  but  had  founded  the  institution,  leaving  it  to  the  public  spirit  of  the  community  to  support  and  maintain  it.  (Loud  ap applause).  plause). applause).  He  apprehended  that  the  principal  objects  of  the  institution  were  three-fold.  There  were  the  evening  classes,  about  the  advantages  and  benefits  of  which  he  need  say  nothing.  These  were  the  lectures,  which  would  occasionally,  perhaps  frequently,  he  hoped  almost  always,  be  delivered  in  the  institution.  (Hear,  hear).  And  then  there  was  the  free  library,  which  he  believed  bad  been  actually  opened  to  all  persons  whatever.  Now,  as  regarded  lectures  he  should  be  very  sorry  to  say  a  word  in  disparagement  of  them  ;  he  believed  they  might  be,  he  believed  they  were  available  as  a  means  of  instruction,  and  that  they  were  use useful  ful useful  if  regularly  and  consecutively  attended.  They  were  use useful  ful useful  in  arousing,  in  stimulating  attention  in  regard  to  subjects  upon  which  we  should  otherwise  be  indifferent,  and  they  found  us  intellectual  amusement.  On  various  accounts  lec lectures  tures lectures  were  valuable  ;  but  having  said  that,  he  would  say  t  tt  h  ha  eo  h  th  e  e  a  r  t  p  ta  ri  c  ii  h  c  ed  far  less  ipl,i.,„tu  importance  reoftheins  to  tit  them  ution  h  —  t  to  a  t  n  he  did  to  the  elii3rarr  because  he  believed  that  any  one  who  was  really  anxious  to  study  a  subject,  could  do  so  better  with  the  aid  of  books  than  he  could  possibly  do  by  any  lectures  he  might  attend.  (Cheers).  There  was  this  difference—it  was  hardly  possible  for  any  one,  unless  he  attended  a  long  course  of  lectures,  to  study  a  subject  closely  and  consecutively.  And,  as  a  lec lecturer  turer lecturer  must  address  himself  to  a  large  number  at  once,  he  must  necessarily  address  himself  so  as  to  be  understood  by  all.  (Cheers).  But  the  man  who  read  and  studied  for  him himself,  self, himself,  would  be  able  to  pick  up  information  of  that  kind  which  he  was  most  capable  of  assimilating  and  digesting.  (Hear,  hear).  He  was  far  from  under-valuing  any  branch  of  the  institution,  either  the  lectures  or  the  evening  classes,  which  he  thought  would  be  of  great  advantage,  but  what  he  recommended  as  of  great  importance  was  the  free  library.  (Hear).  He  baaed  that  opinion  upon  this  ground  that  be because  cause because  they  had  started  well  there  was  a  great  deal  to  be  done  yet.  They  must  not  think  that  because  they  had  opened  the  institution  well,  they  had  nothing  else  to  do  in  the  way  of  providing  both  funds  and  books.  (Hear).  If  he  were  to  enter  on  that  question,  or  rather,  that  wide  range  of  ques questions  tions questions  connected  with  the  use  and  requirements  of  institutions,  like  that  to  celebrate  the  opening  of  which  they  had  met,  he  should  occupy  a  great  deal  more  of  their  time  than  they  could  probably  spare,  and  he  should  simply  waste  them  and  himself  without  exhausting  the  subject.  (Hear,  hear).  But  one  or  two  reflections  forced  themselves  upon  him.  They  heard  every  day  commonplace  sayings  about  the  wonderful  industrial  progress  that  was  made,  and  of  the  triumphs  which  were  now  gradually  gaining  over  nature—of  his  triumphs  over  the  natural  and  the  material  world.  But  that  subject  was  even  trite—they  were  all  familiar  with  the  wonders  of  the  railway  and  the  electric  telegraph.  (Hear,  hear).  But  it  was  not  uncommon  for  some  persons  to  con contrast,  trast, contrast,  and  certainly  not  without  some  plausibility,  that  ma material  terial material  progress—which  indisputably  belonged  to  the  present  age  with  our  moral  and  intellectual  progress.  Now,  no  doubt,  there  was  some  ground  for  the  contrast  between  them.  No  doubt  tne  intellectual  progress  of  any  nation  could  hardly  keep  pace  with  the  wonderful  material  progress,  which  our  age  had  witnessed.  But  even  material  progress,  of  which  we  were  so  justly  proud,  was  found  to  be  connected  with  the  progress  of  moral  and  intellectual  advancement.  (Hear,  hear).  He  did  not  mean  by  that  to  say  that  there  was  any anything  thing anything  in  the  circumstances  of  the  present  age  which  should  tend  to  give  greater  power  to  individual  mind  than  that  pos possessed  sessed possessed  by  the  minds  of  those  who  preceded  us.  He  did  not  suppose  that  that  had  been  the  case.  Aristotle,  Bacon,  and  N  e  wton  were  not  excelled,  perhaps  not  equalled,  by  any  likely  to  follow  them  in  the  present  or  a  future  age;  but  the  difference  between  their  age  and  this  was,  not  that  individual  minds  were  more  developed,  but  that  the  number  of  minds  de developed  veloped developed  was  infinitely  greater  now  than  at  any  former  time.  (Applause).  No  one  could  think  of  the  difficulties  and  ob obstacles  stacles obstacles  which  had  to  be  encountered  by  many  in  the  pursuit  of  knowledge  in  former  times,  without  rejoicing  that  they  had  been  overcome,  and  that  now  greater  facilities  for  the  acquisition  of  learninc  , STYLE=superscript  were  open  to  all  classes  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  (Loud  applause).  It  was  scarcely  posssible  now  that  a  great  intellect  could  be  starved  and  stinted  by  the  want  of  proper  culture  and  development.  (Hear,  hear).  The  noble  lord  briefly  dwelt  upon  the  general  advantages  to  the  community  of  having  such  institutions  as  Athenaeums  and  mechanics'  institutes.  He  thought  there  was  no  fear  of  educition  being  neglected  in  the  present  day.  (Hear,  hear).  They  purposed  by  the  present  instiution  to  remove  material  obstacles  in  the  way  of  the  student  to  the  acqui acquisition  sition acquisition  of  knowledge,  especially  the  poor,  the  results  they  must  leave  willinnly  in  the  hands  of  a  wise  and  over-ruling  Providence.  (Loud  cheers).  The  national  anthem  was  sung  by  the  choir  and  company  standing.  The  Rev.  W.  R.  THORBURN,  M.A.,  read  the  report,  and  M  r  .  J.  R.  KAY  the  statement  of  the  treasurer's  accounts,  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  whole  amount  collected  in  subscriptions  &amp;c.,  to  the  Athenmum  was  £4,481  17s.  82d,  and  the  expenditure,  £  4,875  11s.  101  d  leaving  a  balance  due  the  treasurer  of  393  14s.  V  i  d.  The  subsequent  speakers  were  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  the  Rev.  Charles  Richson,  Mr.  J.  Cheetham,  M.P..  Richard  [tort,  of  Reed  Hall,  Mr.  Smith,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Vaughan  &amp;c."
