text
"iven  a  certificate  CHARGE  AGAINST  THE  POST  MASTER  OF  OPENING  A  LETTER  THE  BRAZILIAN  MAIL.  FROM  OT  JR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT  SOUTHAMPTON,  FAiDAY  The  Royal  Mail  steam-ship  Tay,  Captain  Thomas  W.  Sawyer,  arrived  here  this  morning  at  11  o'clock  a.m.  'Her  dates  are  Buenos  Ayres,  Dec.  2  ;  Monte  Video,  Dec.  5  ;  Rio  do  Janeiro,  Dec.  15  ;  Bahia,  Dec.  19  ;  Pernambuco,  Dec.  21;  St.  Vincent,  Dec.  29  :  and  Lisbon,  January  7.  •  The  Tay  brings  £OOO  in  specie  and  diamonds  on  freight  to  the  value  of  £28.700  4mong  her  passengers,  35  in  number,  is  his  Excellency  F.  Potesdad,  Minister  of  Spain  to  the  Brazils.  She  also  brings  home  bills  on  Loudon  and  Liverpool  to  the  amount  of  X  700,000.  From  Rio  de  Janeiro  we  learn  that  cholera  has  disappeared  from  that  city,  and  only  eight  cases  are  noted  in  the  vicinity.  We  take  the  following  from  the  Oorreo  Mercantile  of  the  Bth  December  Let  some  people  say  what  they  will  in  disparagement  of  the  treatment  received  on  board  the  Southampton  Line  of  Steamers,  again  the  press  is  publishing-  votes  of  thanks  from  the  passengers.  Here  is  the  Tay,  with  her  worthy  commander,  Captain  Sawyer,  to  whom  on  these  two  voyages  his  passengers  have  shewn  great  sympathy  and  gratit  u  d  e  ,  an  d  h  ave  given  him  a  public  dinner.  On  this  day  is  the  worthy  captain  and  his  officers  again  invited  to  a  sumptuous  dinner  at  the  Cluh  Fluminenses,  to  receive  expressions  of  the  above  feelings.  It  is  currently  rumoured  that  Admiral  Grenfel  is  -sent  for  ;-  the-disturbed  state  of  the  Banda  Oriental  and  the  Uratt:Tuay,  have  no  doubt  caused  this  report.  These  frequent  disturbances  in  those  provinces  lead  to  the  w  i  s  h  th  at  they  should  become  subject  to  the  Brazilian  government.  Several  persons  of  high  standing  have  been  imprisoned  by  order  of  the  Brazilian  government  for  being  connected  with  the  late  attempt  to  laud  slaves  on  the  coast.  BAnu.---The  cholera  has  disappeared  from  the  city,  but  has  shown  itself  in  the  country  districts.  The  President  of  the  province  of  Bahia,  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  his  staff,  and  attended  by  H  M.  Consul,  J.  Morgan,  E  s  q.,  p  a  id  R  ear  -admiral  Hope  John Johnstone  stone Johnstone  an  official  visit,  on  board  the  flag-ship  Indefatigable.  His  Excellency  was  received  with  yards  manned,  and  on  leaving,  was  saluted  with  seventeen  guns.  MONTE  VIDEO.—The  only  new  features  in  the  revolution  are,  that  Generals  Flores  and  Oribe  have  ultimately  agreed  to  uphold  Bustamente  and  his  government,  to  preserve  law  and  order  pending  the  election.  It  is  generally  believed  that  Oribe  will  be  elected.  A  fatal  colliSion  took  place  in  the  Calla  del  Re-union  and  Pocton,  between  the  adherents  of  General  Flores,  and  those  of  Colonel  Mitnoz,  in  which  the  latter  were  defeated,  and  obliged  to  fly.  Colonel  Munoz,  and  his  remaining  party,  succeeded,  with  great  difficulty,  in  getting  on  board  the  steamer,  and  subsequently  landing  at  Buenos, STYLE=superscript  where  he  was  received  with  much  enthusiasm.  The  loss  of  both  parties  was  thirty  killed  and  100  wounded,  and  many  of  the  latter  have  since  died  of  their  wounds.  BUENOS  AYREs.;—The  repeated  Indian  invasions  on  the-Southern  frontier  have  damped  the  spirit  of  mercantile  adventure,  and  plunged  many  fami families  lies families  abject  and  hopeless  i  n  di  gence.  According  to  the  esin STYLE=superscript  latest  accounts,  there  is  the  prospect  of  an  immediate  rupture  between..  Paraguay  on  the  one  hand,  and  the  Confederate  provinces,  and  Brazil,  on  the  other.  The  prospects  of  the  crops,  owing  to  an  almost  unprecedented  succession  of  heavy  rains,  are  extremely  uncertain.  Monetary  matters  are  far  from  satisfactory.  Transactions  in  metallic  are  liquidated  at  a  great  sacrifice  to  the  l  oca  l  d  ealer.  Several  failures  have  been  declared,  though  not  to  a  very  large  amount.  PERA,llnneo.7—There,  unhappily,  the  cholera  made  its  appearance.  At  St.  Vincent,  and  St.  Antonio,  the  population  Ivere  still  suffering  from  drought,  and  were  entirely  living  on  supplies  furniohed  by  the  Portuguese  government,  and  from  charitable  sources.  ;TILE  INTELLIGENCE  •  wo,  an  avera:2;t:  amount.of  business  was  transacted  during  the  month.  Of  articles  of  import,  the  arrivals  were,  with  the  exception  of  flour  and  salt,  moderate;  but  the  market  was  amply  supplied  with  most  descrip descriptions,  tions, descriptions,  the  transactions  having  been  generally  limited.  The  sales  of  coffee  were  important.  Nothing  was  done  for  export  in  sug  a  r  or  hid  es  .  Freights STYLE=superscript  are  very  active,  Money  continues  in  full  demand.  A  vast  amount  of  Exchange  has  been  negotiated  ;  271  at  sixty,  and  27i  to  28  at  ninety  days,  were  the  first  rates  quoted  upon  London.  ?it  BATIIA  the  sugar  market  has  been  much  excited,  and  prices  have  gone  up  to  2r  400  m  to  2r  900  m  for  good  new  sugars.  The  stock  consists  of  3226  cases,  253  boxes,  367  barrels,  and  12,253  bags,  or  about  3040  tons  net.  Coffee  is  cheaper;  cocoa  has  advanced  immensely.  Cotton  is  flatter,  and  5r  200  m  (offering  at  the  date  of  the  last  advices)  no  longer  obtainable.  Freights  have  advanced.  Exchange  again  rallied  for  ready  cash,  and  a  first-rate  house  drew  2000/.  at  28d.  This  rate,  however,  could  not  'be  sustained,  and  business  has  been  done  at  27i  to  272  at  60  days.  BUENOS  AvitEs.--Tn  articles  of  daily  consumption  the  arrivals  have  been  considerably  above  a  fair  average.  Wholesale  prices  have  given  way,  and  a  further  reduction  appears  inevitable.  Of  , STYLE=superscript  building  materials  the  .  stock  on  hand  is  unusually  large,  and  there  is  no  prospect  of  an  active  demand.  Grain  and  flour  are  the  only  articles  in  which  it  is  safe  to  speculate.  In,  export  produce,  with  the  exception  of  wools,  there  are  no  stocks  on  hand  of  any  kind,  and  the  prospects  for  the  future  are  bleak  and  dreary.  sit.rso.nEgxhperaesd::stdrael  'At  Rio  de  Janiero.—H.M.S.  Madagascar,  Syren,  Sharp.  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE.  shooter,  and  Tyne.  French  ships  of  war,  Ifteaurnonoir,  1  the  voyage,  Poursuirant,  Amer,  and  Savannah.  At  Bahia.—ll.M.S.  Indefatigable.  lA,hte-PTerany  whichbuea  gob'  •  to  had  -1. STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  spoke  the  French  war  steamer  c  g  auto  Lisbon,  I  Z  that  to  the  best  of  my  jud,,  'era;  that  certificate  was  given  foi  gment  Mr.  Thirlby,  assistant  to  Mr.  Palmer,  deposed  that  he  made  up  the  prescription  recommended  by  Dr.  Knight,  and  that  it  was  administered  to  Mrs.  Palmer.  Mr.  Deane  said  he  now  proposed  to  put  in  the  diary  kept  by  William  Palmer,  from  the  21st  of  Sept.,  1854,  to  the  Bth  of  October.  The  Coroner  read  the  entries  in  the  diary  from  the  21st  of  September  to  the  Bth  of  October.  The  entries  recorded,  amongst  other  things,  the  illness  of  Mrs.  Palmer,  and  the  visits  of  medical  men.  On  the  29th  of  September,  there  was  the  follovving  My  poor  Annie  and  on  the  following  Tuesday  there  was  the  following  entry--  Poor  Annie  was  The  succeeding  entries  to  the  Bth  of  October,  were  Dr.  Monekton,  physician,  of  Rugeley,  was  next  examined.  He  explained,  at  great  length,  the  particulars  connected  with  the  post  mortem  examination  of  the  body  whi-lh  he  made  on  the  20th  of  December,  in  conjunction  with  Mr.  Kaye,  of  Birmingham.  Dr.  Monckton  gave  it,  as  his  opinion,  that  Mrs.  Palmer  did  not  die  of  cholera  or  diarrhoea.  The  appearance  of  the  alimentary  canal,  and  other  parts  of  the  body,  led  him  to  that  conclusion.  At  seven  o'clock  the  inquest  was  adjourned  until  to.  morrow  morning  (Saturday),  at  ten  o'clock,  when  Dr.  Taylor  will  be  examined  first.  The  feeling  against  Palmer  in  Rugeley  is  intense,  but  the  evidence  given  to today  day today  is  considered  to  be  in  his  favour,  and  the  impression  prevails  that  he  will  be  acquitted,  should  Dr.  Taylor's  report  be  in  his  favour,  it  is  stated  that  it  is  not  so,  but  the  reverse.  t  believe  the  report  says  in  words  that  '  the  body  is  saturated  with  On  the  termina termination  tion termination  of  the  inquest  on  Mrs.  Palmer,  that  on  the  body  of  Walter  Palmer  will  be  proceeded  with.  FROM  DR.  TAYLOR.  To-day  at  the  police  court  Samuel  Cheshire,  the  post postmaster,  master, postmaster,  was  charged  with  opening  a  letter  addressed  to  Mr.  Gardiner,  ,the  prosecuting  solicitor  in  Cook's  case,  which  was  from  Dr.  Taylor,  and  containing  the  particu particulars  lars particulars  of  his  analysis  of  Cook's  stomach.  It  is  supposed  that  he  communicated  the  particulars  contained  in  the  letter  to  Palmer.  It  is  said  t  hat  Cheshire  has  admitted  the  offence,  and  has  been  discharged  I  The  case  was  adjourned  to  Thursday  next.  Yesterday  the  Court  resumed  its  sitting,  at  St.  George's  Hall,  at  nine  o'clock,  before  E.  James,  Esq.,  Assessor.  FENELY  v.  Sruna.—ln  this  case  the  plaintiff  was  Patrick  Penely,  of  39,  Clement-street,  and  the  defendant  was  Mr.  George  Spurr,  auctioneer.  In  S  e  pt  em  b  er  last  the  plaintiff  was  in  arrear  for  taxes,  when  a  Mr.  Ravenshaw,  collector,  seized  some  articles  of  furniture,  with  a  valuable  parrot  and  cage.  The  sum  due  was  £4  Os  10d.  The  property  wa.  -  at  the  defendant's  sale  room,  as  the  plaintiff  eller--  -  under  the  value.  While  the  goods  were  in  the  possessto  of  the  defendant,  the  plaintiff  to  but  he  refused  to  receive  it.  i.SAVIA  V.  HE.  ilaintiff,  and  rourht  to  j  Heath  t  Ato  dealers  , STYLE=superscript  a,  112111  C  s  6d,  f  i  by  ft  y  the  f"
