text
"SELECT  VEST.RY.—YasTnwAY  The  usual  fortnighey  meeting  of  the  select  vestry  was  held  yesterday,  in  the  parish-offices,  Brownlow-hill,  the  Rev.  Rector  Campbell  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were  :  Messrs.  Denton,  Crawford,  Hand,  Mellor,  Came,  Johnson,  Shaw,  Moss,  Bradley,  Sumner,  Luff,  Whitty,  Blain,  Whitby,  Gardner,  Savage,  and  Banner.  MR.  HEATH  AND  THE  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOL  COMMITTEE.  The  minutes  of  the  last  meeting  having  been  read,  Mr.  CARNE  referred  to  the  statement  made  by  Mr.  Sum Sumner  ner Sumner  at  the  last  meeting,  to  the  effect  that  Mr.  Heath  had  made  some  remarks  disparaging  the  industrial  schools  at  Kirkdale.  Now,  he  (Mr.  Carnes)  was  requested  by  Mr.  Heath  to  state  that  he  had  never  mentioned  the  name  of  either  the  workhouse  or  the  industrial  schools,  and  that  his  remarks  were  entirely  confined  to  the  facility  which  they  had  of  obtaining  situations  for  boys  in  preference  to  the  workhouse,  inasmuch  as  people  did  not  like  to  take  them  out  of  the  workhouse.  Mr.  Heath  named  neither  the  work workhouse  house workhouse  nor  the  industrial  schools.  He  had  no  initntion  of  disparaging  either  one  or  the  other;  and  that  he  was  much  indebted  to  Mr.  Coates,  of  Kirkdale,  for  information  on  matters  of  routine  by  which  he  had  been  called  more  efficiently  to  regulate  the  school  under  his  charge.  He  wished  also  to  bring  before  them  a  subject  mentioned  to  him  by  Mr.  Heath,  although  he  did  not  think  the  vestry  could  entertain  it;  yet  he  felt  it  right  to  name  it.  Mr.  Heath  said  he  had  been  frequently  met  by  children,  in  cold  frost)  weather,  in  the  streets,  in  wretched,  miserable,  clothin2  which  must  necessarily  subject  them  to  disease.  Mr.  Moss  :  This  is  very  irregular,  Mr.  Chairman  Surely  those  remarks  cannot  apply  at  this  stage  of  on'  proceedings.  Mr.  CARNE  :  The  chairman  has  allowed  me  to  make  them.  Mr.  Moss  :  This  is  a  flat  contradiction  of  the  statement  made  here  by  Mr.  Sumner;  and  it  had  better  be  reserved  until  that  gentleman  is  present.  Mr.  CARNE  :  Mr.  Sumners  may  not  be  here.  Mr.  Moss  :  Then  give  him  notice,  and  bring  the  question  forward.  Mr.  CARNE  :  It  is  only  an  explanation  that  Mr.  Heath  never  intended  to  disparage  the  schools  ;  he  did  not  say  Ms  remarks  might  not  be  taken  in  that  sense  ;  but  he  did  not  intend  them.  Mr.  Moss  :  Ay,  that  is  very  different  from  your  first  statement.  Mr.  CARNE  :  Wilt  you  allow  me,  Mr.  Chairman  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Yes.  Mr.  CARNE  was  afraid  they  could  do  nothing  in  the  matter.  It  was  a  custom  amongst  parents  to  send  out  children  in  this  inclement  weather,  almost  unclothed,  and  the  consequence  was,  they  contracted  disease.  Mr.  Heath  wanted  this  to  be  brought  before  the  vestry  to  see  what  could  be  done.  He  (Mr.  Came)  answered  that  it  was  not  the  duty  of  the  board  to  run  about  the  streets  to  bring  per persons  sons persons  into  the  workhouse  ;  their  duty  was  simply  to  receive  them  when  they  were  sent  in  ;  and  if  the  council  or  Mr.  Heath  adopted  measures  to  send  such  children  to  the  work workhouse,  house, workhouse,  they  would  be  received  and  taken  care  of.  That  was  the  only  answer  he  could  give  him.  FINANCE  COMMITTEE.  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  having  been  read,  Mr.  CARNE  moved  their  confirmation.  Mr.  DENTON  remarked  with  reference  to  the  cottage  rating  sub-committee,  they  had  no  report  on  the  books  of  this  committee  of  what  they  were  doing.  He  had  called  atten attention  tion attention  to  this  fact  repeatedly,  and  notwithstanding  he  found  there  was  no  report  from  them.  As  regarded  the  other  question  he  was  going  to  ask,  he  found  the  finance  committee  had  anticipated  him,  namely,  relative  to  the  monthly  report  from  the  surveyor.  It  was  desirable  they  should  have  a  monthly  report  from  that  gentleman  as  to  what  he  was  doing.  It  was  found  from.  the  proceedings  of  the  health  committee  they  had  weekly  reports  from  Mr.  Rishton,  their  surveyor,  Mr.  Newlands  and  Mr.  Fresh,  and  he  thought  it  was  necessary  the  vestry  should  have  a  report  from  its  sur surveyor.  veyor. surveyor.  Mr.  Moss  said  the  question  was  now  before  the  finance  ',ommittee.  Mr.  DENTON  was  satisfied  so  far.  It  was  stated  that  the  appointment  of  a  surveyor  would  be  a  great  saving  to  the  parish  •  he  wished  it  to  be  shown  it  was  so.  Mr.lipes  remarked  that  the  messenger  employed  in  the  dis distribution  tribution distribution  of  bread  had  had  his  salary  raised  from  15s  to  20s.  He  proposed  18s  which  he  thought  would  have  been  fair.  He  must  enter  his  protest  against  what  he  considered  a  piece  of  extravagance  on  a  small  scale.  Mr.  DENTON  begged  to  give  notice,  that  at  the  next  meeting  he  should  move  that  a  return  of  the  proceedings  of  the  cottage  rating  sub-committee  be  entered  on  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  of  the  finance  committee.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said  the  cottage  rating  sub-financial  coin•  mittee  had  no  necessity  for  meeting  recently,  and  that  was  the  reason  why  there  had  been  no  report.  Mr.  BLAIN  inquired  who  were  the  members  of  the  com committee  mittee committee  ?  Mr.  DENTON  :  and  Mr.  Moss.  The  overseers,  together  with  Mr.  Bradley  Mr.  MELLOR  aslod  why  they  had  not  called  a  meeting.  Summonses  had  to  be  regularly.issued,  and  it  could  not  be  done  until  this  committee  met.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said  Mr.  Mellor  had  brought  forward  an  assertion  before  the  vestry  which  could  not  be  borne  out  in  the  committee  ;  and  it  was  a  waste  of  time  to  answer  him.  So  far  as  regarded  the  business  it  Was  going  on  as  usual,  and  the  collection  for  the  present  year  was  in  excess  over  the  previous  year  or  the  year  before.  Mr.  DENTON  :  It  seemed  strange  to  him  that  the  busi business  ness business  should  be  going  on  as  usual,  if  there  had  been  no  meetings  at  all.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  There  had  been  meetings  ;  if  Mr.  Denton  would  only  take  notice  of  the  proceedings  of  the  board,  he  would  find  that  meetings  took  place  ;  but  he  was  so  fond  of  talk.  Mr.  CARNE  thought  Mr.  Denton's  complaint  a  very  fair  one.  The  proceedings  should  come  before  the  board  ;  but  he  believed  it  was  an  oversight.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  You  must  be  very  negligent  of  the  busi business  ness business  of  the  board  if  you  make  assertions  of  that  kind.  Mr.  CARNE  did  not  remember  the  proceedings  having  been  read.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  You  must  not  make  statements  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  your  not  remembering.  Mr.  Moss  :  Just  explain  that.  Mr.  LUFF  said  he  asked  the  question  of  Mr.  Bradley  a  month  since,  and  he  said  it  was  true  there  had  been  no  meeting.  That  was  a  month  since.  Mr.  BRADLEY  believed  there  was  a  meeting  called  for  last  Tuesday;  he  was  present,  but  no  one  else  but  himself.  Therefore  there  could  be  no  blame  attached  to  him  in  this  matter.  The  notices  went  out  in  the  usual  way,  three  days  previously,  but  no  one  came,  and  the  consequence  was  no  meeting  took  place.  He  could  only  state  to  the  meeting,  so  far  as  he  understood  it,  that  the  proceedings  of  the  cot cottage-rate  tage-rate cottage-rate  sub-financial  committee  was  going  on  exceedingly  well  ;  and  that  the  amount  collected  up  to  the  present  time  exceeded  that  of  last  year,  or  the  year  before,  very  con considerably.  siderably. considerably.  Mr.  DENTON  had  been  told  by  several  that  the  finance  committee  could  not  take  cognisance  of  the  sub-committee.  Mr.  Moss  considered  this  an  ungenerous  remark,  consi considering  dering considering  the  constitution  of  the  committee.  On  reference  to  the  proceedings  of  the  committee  in  ques question,  tion, question,  it  was  found,  as  we  e  understood  it,  to  have  met  on  the  3d  of  November.  Mr.  CARNE  begged  to  apologise.  Mr.  BRADLEY  hoped  the  board  would  see  how  improper  _  _  was  to  give  way  to  those  kind  of  unguarded  expressions,  thus  giving  an  impression  out  of  doors  altogether  wrong.  Mr.  CARNE:  Just  so  ;  if  the  proceedings  were  reported.  Mr.  JOHNSON  said  it  might  save  time  if  this  were  done.  He  did  not  think  it  necessary  that  the  committee  should  meet,  when  there  was  no  business  for  it;  and  if  it  were  true  ft...  0  •  A.1.4.4.J,  t%i  n  aa  evi evident  dent evident  the  committee  were  doing  their  duty,  and  the  work  was  going  on  in  a  proper  and  satisfactory  manner.  He  would  suggest  that  a  rider  should  be  put  to  Mr.  Denton's  motion,  to  the  effect  that  an  official  statement  of  the  rate  of  increase  be  given  to  them  from  all  the  collections  of  the  cottages,  in  order  that  they  might  judge  as  to  the  fruits  of  the  labours  of  the  committee.  As  to  meeting  from  week  to  week,  if  there  was  no  business,  it  was  a  waste  of  time,  and  the  vestry  did  not  care  a  straw  about  it.  He  should  suggest  that  the  motion  be  so  altered.,  Mr.  BRADLEY  would  give  the  ratio  in  a  moment.  Up  to  October  15,  1853,  when  the  accounts  were  brought  down,  6,5141.  were  collected  for  the  present  year,  whilst  the  sum  up  to  the  same  period  in  last  year  was  5,4121.,  leaving  a  balance  in  favour  of  the  present  year  of  1,1011.  If  that  were  not  a  satisfactory  state  of  the  department,  he  did  not  know  what  could  be.  Mr.  CARNE  remarked  that  he  was  borne  out  by  the  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  of  the  finance  committee,  that  the  proceedings  of  the  sub-committee  had  not  been  read.  Mr.  BRADLEY  thought  the  statement  he  had  just  made  was  so  satisfactory  that  no  further  steps  should  be  taken  in  the  matter.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  proceedings  were  not  recorded,  and  he  must  rule  they  were  not  read.  The  reading  was  not  recorded.  The  question  was  not  whether  this  committee  was  meeting  and  transacting  business,  but  whether  it  was  meeting  and  transacting  business  without  recording  its  proceedings,  because  that  was  very  possible.  This  committee  might  be  transacting  business  without  recording  its  pro proceedings,  ceedings, proceedings,  and  if  so,  it  was  doing  what  was  illegal.  With  regard  to  the  comparative  sum  received,  it  was  very  satisfac satisfactory  tory satisfactory  ;  but  it  was  not  conclusive,  because  the  question  was  whether  more  ought  not  to  be  received  if  the  business  had  been  properly  done.  He  did  not  mean  to  say  it  had  not'  been  properly  done,  and  that  all  had  been  got  that  could  be  got;  but  there  was  no  proof  of  this,  and  the  mere  saying  that  they  had  received  1,1001.  more  than  last  year,  was  no  proof  that  business  had  been  properly  conducted,  or  that  all  the  money  had  been  received  which  might  have  been.  Mr.  GARDNER  said  it  was  the  fault  of  the  finance  com committee  mittee committee  not  to  have  read  their  proceedings.  They  had  nothing  more  to  do  than  to  record  them,  and  if  the  finance  committee  did  not  read  them  the  fault  was  theirs.  Mr.  CARNES  only  remarked  that  he  had  never  heard  them  read.  Mr.  GARDNER  said  it  would  be  well  if  Mr.  Came  had  seen  those  proceedings  were  recorded.  He  was  an  advocate  for  having  matters  brought  before  committee  rather  than  before  the  board,  and  he  ought  to  have  mentioned  this  in  committee.  Mr,  BRADLEY  said  considering  the  difficulty  of  getting  in"
