text
"nearest  approximation  to  the  value  of  human  life,  in  a  commercial  point  of  view,  that  has  been  attained  as  yet.  By  showing  us  the  wealth  one  generation  is  capable  of  producing,  it  supplies  the  data  whereby  we  can  decide  what  it  can  spare  to  provide  for  the  next,  without  taking  any  exception  for  or  against  the  conditions  which  surround  any  particular  rank,  class,  or  individual  in  the  community.  The  sur surplus  plus surplus  of  produce  is  the  actual  wealth  a  given  num number  ber number  of  souls  show;  and  the  surplus  population  is  the  number  of  beings  whose  condition  is  to  be  con considered.  sidered. considered.  Surely  those  able  statisticians  who  are  constantly  studying  the  material  condition  of  civilised  states  can  solve  the  what  is  the  value  of  human  taking  all  classes  from  the  birth  to  the  grave,  which  is  the  manifest  object  of  the  day.  All  statistical  inquiry  shows  us  that  every  life  has  a  fixed  value,  if  we  take  up  all  the  lives  of  community  ;  but  we  are  not  aware  of  any  nation,  or  any  class  in  this  prosperous  country,•  who  would  really  be  'justified  in  paying  twenty-five  per  cent  for  an  average  of  10  years.  We  are  told  that  Life  Insurance  Companies  have  no  capital—that  they  have  no  use  for  it—and  high  names  go  for  nothing,  and  yet  that  25  per  cent  is  the  sum  taken  to  cover  the  Company's  Passing  over  the  payment  of  a  dividend  of  five  per  cent.  to  the  Company  with without  out without  capital,  we  will  take  the  case  of  a  good  who  has  the  good  fortune  to  live  twenty-five  years  ;  he  is  the  man  who  has  to  pay  the  Company's  risk  on  the  principle  that  he  that  lives  longest  pays  This  is  a  species  of  gambling  which  is  very  little  akin  to  frugality.  A  man  who  lives  ten  years  pays  £250  on  a  policy  of  £lOO,  and  if  he  lives  twenty  years  he  pays  on  the  twenty-five  per  cent.  principle—Xsoo  for  £lOO  at  his  death.  Now,  it  is  quite  certain  that  no  one  person  pays  that  directly,  but  the  public  pay  it,  that  is  the  general  body  of  lives  insured  ;  and  how  is  this  done?  By  meeting  liabilities  out  of  income,  which  leaves  no  security  to  the  public  beyond  the  popularity  of  the  Company,  from  which  source  income  is  derived.  We  shall  return  to  this  most  important  meeting  as  early  as  possible."
