text
"The  Black  Ball  Line  of  packet-ship  Champion  of  l STYLE=superscript  lle  Seas,  Capt.  Newland  s  ,  arr  i  ve  d  at  t  hi  s  port  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday, STYLE=superscript  from  Melbourne;  after  a  passage  of  89  days,  h••  'leging  181  passengers,  124,000  ounces  of  •  tad  advices  to  the  27th  of  October.  The  James  Baines,  from  Liverpool,  with  dates  f  the  sth  of  August,  reached  Melbourne  on  the  2 STYLE=superscript  5th  of  October,  after  a  passage  of  81  days.  '  S STYLE=superscript  halimar  was  announced  to  leave  Melbourne  Liverpool  with  the  next  bi-monthly  mail,  on  9t STYLE=superscript  h  of  November,  and  the  Admiral.  for  T.on  Was  to  leave  on  the  ISt  of  Decemb  Of  Champion  of  the  Seas,  the  I STYLE=superscript  &#34;.'s  :—Bank  of  Australasia,  New  South  Wales,  20,000  ozs.  ;  Bank,  15,000  ozs.;  Bank  of  Victoria,  1  ,000  Oriental  Bank,  6,240  ozs.nglish  i,126  oz,  Scottish  and  Australian  Chartered  Bank,  2 STYLE=superscript  ,500  ozs.  brought  by  00  oz  )ped  as  f  Bank  London  Chartere  Union  Bank,  (  than  e  advice  s  now  :to  hand  are  nine  days  1  those  recently  received  by  the  Ben  N(  from  which  they  do  not  vary  much  in  their  to  We  subjoin  Journal  of  6  have,  we  believe,  before  remarked  t  h  at,  as  re STYLE=superscript  g  ar STYLE=superscript  d  3 STYLE=superscript  the  l  engt  h  of  our  summarie:d,  we  do  riot  a STYLE=superscript  tternpt  to  compete  with  our  dail-si-  cotemporarie,s  INTor  iodeed  is  it  at  all  desirable  that  we  shoulf  !  o STYLE=superscript  r  , STYLE=superscript  if  we  were  to  do  so,  AvP4  should  either  11-  upon  the  forbirlLien  ground  of  ,-  1  1)1 STYLE=superscript  .  1 STYLE=superscript  1  .  out  our  r STYLE=superscript  e  m STYLE=superscript  :drkS  upon  tore  egninlate  'provi'  -  tu  oro  4,11  d  there',  ugi,.  .e  summary  from  the  M  ournc  gelee:—  'lce  to  an  unwai  n  all  probabilit  valu  el  le  ex  and  ust  we  shall  ghall  „,,  .4,  your  to  avoid  both  of  these'  evils  —.  oel  to STYLE=superscript  uch  subjects  purely.  ;political,  and  we  b..-  Y  dwell,  very  briefly  indeed,  upontwo  or  three  t STYLE=superscript  aPics  of  a  commercial  character.  IWe  shall  t  a  k  e  gold  first,  that  being  th  e  ar  ti  c  l  e  o  f  °st STYLE=superscript  importance  amongst  us,  and  without  which  e  should  only  be  as  our  neighbours  are.  The  yield  cont  i  nues  very  large  ;  indeed  so  large  as  `effectually  to  dissipate  every  particle  of  the  notion  the  pahniest  days  of  o  ur  go  ld  y  i  e  ld  s  are  gone  or  that  th  e  i  r  duration  will  be  limited  by  the  lapse  of  a  few  years,  as  has  been  ore oredicted  dicted oredicted STYLE=superscript  by  those  in  whom  we  fear  the  s STYLE=superscript  wish  has  etimes STYLE=superscript  be  p STYLE=superscript  en  father  to  the  thought.  During  the  week  ending  the  13th  current  the  escorts  brought  down  the,  enormous  quantity  of  64,181  ozs.,  and  it  is  well  li,nown  that  the  escort  returns  do  not  now,  as  in  days  of  yore,  When  bushranging,  was  in  vogue,  represent  indeed  anything  like  th  e  tota  l  quant  i  ty  produced.  fished  Yhis  is  demonstrated  by  the  latest  pub pubreturns  returns pubreturns  upon  this  point,  for  we  find  the  amount  brought  clown  by  escort  this  year  to  he  d  1,671,060  .ozs.—while  the  quantity  shipped  to  this  ate  is  ,003,46  S  ozs.,  a  difference  of  not  less  than  3241053  ozs..,  or  nearly  twenty  per  cent  ealltiv..e  quantity  shipped,  Iv,  the  escort  last  week  only  brought  down  37,868  () STYLE=superscript  z.,  an  amount  much  below  the  average;  which  m STYLE=superscript  ay  be  accounted  for  by  the  number  of  ”  rushes''  to  new  fields  which  have  occurred  within  these  last  two  or  three  weeks.  At  the  mostimportant  of  these  new  fields  —Fiery  Creek—there  are  not  less  than  0,000  people  congregated.  Ballarat  maintains  its  original  character  —new  leads  have  been  struck,  end  instances  are  numerous  in  which  from  £BOOO  to  £lO,OOO  worth  gold  has  been  taken  out  of  single  claima.  Dendigo  is  reasserting  its  old  s STYLE=superscript  upremacy;  not  only  h  ave  f  resh  alluvial  diggings  been.  lately  opened  in  thi  s  l  oca  li  ty,  but  experience  tas  shown  that  the  quartz  reefs  there  are  equal  in  tie'aness  to  any  as  yet  worked  in  the  colony.  A  'e  c  ,l'A  important  discovery  has  been  made  at  -:'.l,eiglitz,&#34;  a  township  about  thirty  miles  north  ila:ietro_t_Geelong  Quartz  veins  have  been  struck  of  2  - STYLE=superscript  „  e STYLE=superscript  j_,  W- STYLE=superscript  hich  not  only  contain  a  large  Percentage  S  1  4 STYLE=superscript  .  but  silver,  copper,  and  lead  all  intermixed.  th  ese  doubt  has  been  thrown  upon  the  truth  of  b  %  e STYLE=superscript  „  f STYLE=superscript  acts;  but  we  are  bound  to  admit  that  the  th  a STYLE=superscript  e  l- STYLE=superscript  a  - STYLE=superscript  ,  c STYLE=superscript  e  of  evidence  is  in  favour  of  the  reality  of  indeed,  if  reliance  may  be  place  ,  sue  a  paragraph  in  our  Geelong  cotemporary  s  ':stle  of  Saturday  last.  the  question  may  be  con condered  dered condered  as  satisfactorily  settled.  He  The  T'3,riginal  discoverers  have  been  put  in  possession  of  a  Tab`ailn  on  the  reef  whi  eh,  if  it  turns  outhalfas  good  ir  e  samPles,  will  make  their  fortun  P.- STYLE=superscript  IvVille  Set  to  work,  -with  what  success  ~.  eat.  the  We  have,  however,  clear  confirm._  °f  of  the  original  claim  from  whence  Ihe  hold  immediate  oPper  specimens  were  procured.  and  ntsg_vicinity.  A  mass  of  quartz,  weigh  night,il  -';  c STYLE=superscript  wt.,  was  brought  down  to  — STYLE=superscript  as  &amp;  specimen  of  the  reef:  '  the  surface,  about  30  feet  from  where  th  of  the  Other  parties  it  was  'ound  on  gold  and  .  ______  .........  ......_  _  coPper  sPeeitnens  were  procured,  and  is  all  spotted  over  with  With  these,  and  numerous  like  facts  before  us,  we  are  disposed  to  believe  that  70,000  ozs.  per  week  will  not  exceed  the  quantity  henceforth  produced.  Next  as  regards  monetary  affairs.  ..,visis  in  Which  the  Government  was  supposed  to  be  'involved  may  be  said  to  have  already  passed  away.  'The  colonial  exchequer  cannot  be  otherwise  than  :approaching,  if  it  has  not  yet  reached,  a  thoroughly  ;satisfactory  condition:  With  a  diminished  expen expenditure,  diture, expenditure,  and  a  rigid  economy  in  every  department  —  and  A  with  a  revenue  which,  for  so  smalltmeat— smalltmeatmunity,  munity, smalltmeatmunity,  a  com community,  munity, community,  is  almost  fabulous  —with  the  `ho  of  the  first  series  of  debentures  (about  400,000/.)  disposed  of—how  can  'we  doubt  that  the  finances  of  the  colony  are,  or  soon  will  be,  again  in  such  a  con condition  dition condition  as  almost  to  defy  the  power  of  our  financial  tMagician  to  disarrange  them,  or  render  them  even  emporarily  un  e  q  ua  l  to  t  h  e  demands  made  upon  em.  The  m  one  t  ary  condition  of  the  colonists  has  also  be STYLE=superscript  en  improved  within  the  last  few  weeks.  Money  i STYLE=superscript  s  still  scarce  among  many  who  used  formerly  to  ''btain  an  amount  Of  accommodation  to  which  they  s  e STYLE=superscript  re  not  f  a  i  r  l  y  ent  i  tled,  and  for  which  they  now  k  sk  in  vain—and  we  ll  f  or  the  colony  generally  that  t STYLE=superscript  ec—for  those  to  whom  we  allude  were  neither  en STYLE=superscript  g  a STYLE=superscript  ged  as  prod  ucers  nor  as  legitimate  traffickers,  Glit  li  ot  O STYLE=superscript  nlY,  as  it  w  ere  ,  as  surphis  or  exce  ss  i  ve  traders.  —°44 STYLE=superscript  fide  m  erc  h  ants,  or  those  who  can  show  a  31-l STYLE=superscript  bstanti  a  l  b  asis  for  their  operations,  have  no  diffi diffiass'  ass' diffiass' STYLE=superscript  cult  ;  y, STYLE=superscript  Nv  e  feel  assur  e  d,  i  n  getting  all  the  monetary  stance  which  they  can  reasonably  expect.  The  quart  e  as  may  rly  bank  r  e  t  urns  ,  j  ust  pu  b  l  i  shed,  prove  this,  he  seen  by  reference  to  the  following  t STYLE=superscript  able,  in  which  the  returns  for  the  third  quarter  of  '  354 STYLE=superscript  and.thi  s  year  are  placed  .in  juxtaposition  :  Third  (barter,  Third  Quarter,  185,1.  Notes  in  circulation  Bills  do  .  42,386 STYLE=superscript  ,760  •  _  60,213  1855.  41,942,859  ._  _  .  .....  Deposits  not  beating  intereet...  5  8827'717  49,20  b  4,468,193  Do  bearing  interest  in  t  erest.,  4,4  63,193  '  Total  liabilities  .......  .......  143,370  9,30 STYLE=superscript  7.729  6  916  930  Coin  ....  ...  .............  .  2,670,821  '  2,519:580  Bullion  48 STYLE=superscript  2,582  602,664  Landed  property.  .  Debts  due  to  banks  6,791,336  ,679,512  Total  assets  .  4id-up  capital  ..  3,291,007  4,698,280  Amount  of  last  dividend.  ......  32 STYLE=superscript  2,235  302,231  Reserved  profits  ............  675,937  1,057,  Government  securities  .......  .  377,100  511,9211  2  In  the  flour  and  grain  mar  6  markets  we  have  again  to  remark  on  wide  fluctuations  of  value  —namely,  not  less  than  25  per  cent  in  the  price  of  flour  during  the  past  .month  ;  the  extremo  prices  having  been  r STYLE=superscript  espectively  321.  and  411.  At  the  end  of  September,  flour  having  become  very  scarce,  the  price  advanced  rapidly  from  351.  to  401.,  with  every  probability  of  its  reaching  451,  when  the  market  was  relieved  by  the  simultaneous  arrival.  of  the  Flying  Arrow,  from  San  Francisco,  and  the  Roderick  Dhu  lnv  in  ci  ble  from  Valparaiso,  with  an  ag  and  r  Quantity  of  1250  t  ons  of  flour.  Through  t  egate  hegeager..  ness  of  im  porters  to  sell,  under  the  impression  that  very  co STYLE=superscript  nsiderable  quantities  were  at  h  an  d  ,  the  prices  fell  to  321.,  but  quickly  rallied  to  351.  receiving  however  a  check  again  by  the  arrival  here  of  the  Malcolm  and  Island  Lady,  and  of  the  Staghound,  which  called  iu  at  Sydney  on  the  sold  waY  here.  Th  ese  cargoes  hp  7  ^—  .  R'  0  --  an  again  peen  at  32/.,  th  e  price  went  down  to  t, STYLE=superscript  34/.,  at  which  i_t  remained  stationary  at  the  mills  for  fully  fourteen  claYs,  although  the  importers  of  the  cargoes  of  the  Heury  Winch  and  Galga,  which  arrived  a  little  to  later,  were  led  b  y  t  h  e  i  r  advices  from  the  west  coast  hold  out  for  higher  prices  than  what  the  mills  were  selling  at.  For  some  time  both  the  millers  and  the  public  could  not  be  brought  to  believe"
