text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  We  received  by  the  Niagara,  from  Halifax,  and  pub published  lished published  exclusively  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  Monday,  a  telegraphic  despatch  from  our  private  correspondent  in  New  York,  giving  two  days  later  news  from  the  United  States  than  that  received  by  any  other  newspaper  in  England.  We  obtained  it  by  a  considerable  outlay  of  money  and  exertion.  Two  of  our  contemporaries,  the  Mercury  and  the  Standard  have  appropriated,  the  former  the  entire,  and  the  latter  a  portion  of  this  news  without  acknowledgment.  Our  London  contemporaries,  the  Daily  News,  and  Morning  Herald,  have  exposed  themselves  to  the  same  charge.  We  hope  in  future,  when  taking  exclusive  information  from  our  columns,  that  they  uill  do  us  the  justice  to  acknowledge  the  source.  A  communication  signed  P.  has  reached  us,  but  the  letter  is  couched  in  such  strong  language  that  we  cannot  give  it  insertion.  The  letter  of  aP.C.  is  founded  on  a  circumstance  which  he  alleges  to  have  occurred  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Colquit-street,  on  Friday  last.  It  may  be  thus  briefly  stated  :  Captain  Greig,  the  head  constable,  was  riding  in  the  locality  above  referred  to,  on  Friday,  when  an  officer  passed  on  his  way  to  Cornwallis Cornwallisstreet  street Cornwallisstreet  to  receive  his  pay.  The  chief  constablehailed  him  and  asked  him  he  was  going  ?  The  man  replied  in  a  broad  Cumberland  accent,  I  reckon  I'm  going  for  my  you  know  who  I  was  the  next  query  on  the  part  of  the  superior  officer,  to  which  the  man  bluntly  replied,  you're  the  Upon  this  Captain  Greig  is  said  to  have  instantly  dismounted,  and  given  his  horse  in  charge  to  another  officer,  who  happened  to  be  passing  at  the  time.  He  then  marched  the  man  directly  to  Seel-street  station,  where  a  number  of  officers  were  assembled,  delivered  an  address  on  the  necessity  of  all  the  men  in  the  police  force  paying  marked  respect  and  de-  ,  ference,  by  language  and  demeanour,  on  all  and  every  occasion  to  their  officers,  more  especially  to  the  head  constable,  and  as  a  warning  to  others,  absolutely  suspended  the  officer  to  whom  we  have  referred,  and  who  had  not  '  intended  the  slightest  disrespect  towards  Captain  Greig.  This  is  the  statement  which  has  reached  us;  but  of  course  we  cannot  vouch  for  its  accuracy.  However,  if  the  facts  be  correctly  stated,  to  our  mind  the  proceeding  was  rather  arbitrary,  and  far  more  likely  to  induce  a  feeling  on  the  part  of  the  members  of  the  force  very  contrary  to  that  for  which  it  was  evidently  intended.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WiLiziEu,  and  those  from  London  may  be  seen  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co."
