text
"BURGLARY  AT  MANCHESTER.  Thomas  Hunt  was  indicted  for  breaking  into  the  public publichouse  house publichouse  of  Mr.  Armitage,  Long  Mill  gate,  and  also  for  receiving  two  copper  kettles,  two  copper  measures,  six  gallons  of  whiskey,  and  six  gallons  of  rum.  And  Henry  Burns,  who  was  previously  convicted  for  felony,  was  indicted  for  having  been  concerned  in  the  robbery,  Mr.  WHEELER STYLE=superscript  prosecuted.  Both  prisoners  were  found  guilty  of  receiving  throperty  knowing  it  to  have  been  stolen.  The  prisoner  lunt  was  sentenced  to  1$  months,  and  Burns  . STYLE=superscript  to  12  months  imprison imprisonment,  ment, imprisonment,  each  with  hard  labor.  FORGERY  AT  ASHTON-17NDER-LYNE.--  Thomas  Morris,  described  as  a  laborer,  was  indicted  for  forgery.  It  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  on  the  19 STYLE=superscript  th  of  September,  the  prisoner,  who  is  a  Briekmakers'  Society,  presorted  it  written  a  memb STYLE=superscript  erorde  rforLls,  purporting  to  be  signed  by  the  secretary  and  president,  to  Mr.  Minshall,  who  keeps  the  trunswick  Arms  Inn,  at  Ashton-under-Lyne,  where  the  society  meets,  and  who  is  the  treasurer  of  the  society.  Mr.  Minshall  paid  the  £l5,  and  the  prisoner  said  it  would  be  all  The  secretary  and  president  of  the  society  said  the  order  was  a  forgery  ;  Mr.  HIGGINS  prosecuted,  and.  Mr.  WHEELER;  defeuded,  and  stated  that  it  was  merely  a  requebt  to  pay  the  money.  The  prisoner  was  apprehended  some  time  afterwards  in  Staffordshire.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  but  at  the  same  time  expressed  an  opinion  that  the  man  acted  under  ignorance.  His  lordship  in  this  case  imposed  a  sentence  of  two  days'  imprisonment.  CONCEALMENT  OF  CHILD  BlRTll.—Margaret  Clegg  was  indicted  for  concealing  the  birth  of  her  child.  The  Cllll4  was  still  born.  The  prisoner  was  sentenced  'to  a  week's  imprisonment."
