text
"investing,  or  the  country  borrowing,  causes  the  disarrangement  of  the  Exchanges,  without  injury  to  the  resources  of  either  —to  their  power  of  paying  or  their  power  of  lending.  If  we  add  to  the  amount  of  British  exports  the  exports  of  bullion,  and  if  we  add  the  imports  of  all  kinds,  including  bullion,  we  may  then  have  some  estimate  of  our  means,  but  not  of  our  profit,  as  we  cannot  tell  how  much  of  the  imports  have  been  sent  as  investments,  and  are  employed  on  foreign  account.  If  this  is  of  any  use  in  your  illustration  of  the  Monetary  system  of  the  country,  you  can  use  it  as  you  think  fit,  and  I  hope  you  will  continue  your  remarks  on  the  subject.—Yours,  &amp;c  -Liverpool,  Nov.  24,  1833  OBSERVER.  Lain  3Entelligence.  COURT  OF  QUEEN'S  BENCH.  (Sittings  in  Banco,  before  Lord  Campbell  and  Justices  Erie,  Coleridge,  Wightman,  and  Crompton.)  CRIMINAL  INFORMATION  AGAINST  THE  The  Queen  on  the  Prosecution  of  the  Hon.  F.  Scott  Y.  W.  Harrison.  The  ATTORNEY-GENERAL  moved,  on  behalf  of  the  Hon.  Francis  Scott,  azd  some  other  gentlemen,  for  a  rule  calling  upon  Mr.  William  Harrison,  the  printer  and  pub publisher  lisher publisher  of  The  Times  newspaper,  to  show  cause  why  a  cr  i  mina  l  information  for  a  libel  sh  ou  ld  not  be  issued  against  him.  This  application  arose  out  of  an  article  which  appeared  in  The  Times,  reflecting,  as  these  gentlemen  thought,  and  he  must  say  with  truth,  very  severely  upon  their  characters.  The  applicants  were  the  chairman  and  the  directors  of  the  South  Western  Railway  Company,  and  it  was  necessary  for  him  to  make  a  short  statement  of  the  facts  to  which  the  article  referred.  The  South  Western  Company  were  the  proprietors  of  a  line  of  railway  running  between  Southampton  and.  Dorchester.  In  the  commencement  of  the  year  it  was  proposed  by  the  Great  Western  Cona,)any,  whose  line  ran  through  Dorsetshire  from  north  to  south,  while  the  South  Western  line  ran  from  east  to  west,  to  make  an  application  to  parliament  for  a  bill  to  enable  them  to  make  a  line  be between  tween between  Dorchester  and  Exeter.  Lord  CAMPBELL  said  an  objection  had  been  suggested  by  the  officer  of  the  mart  against  moving  fora  criminal  infor information  mation information  on  the  last  day  of  Term.  An  application  for  a  mandamus,  or  a  prohibition  might  be  made,  but  he  believed  it  was  the  rule  that  the  learned  counsel  could  only  mention  that  he  intended  to  apply  for  a  criminal  information.  The  ATTORNEY-GENERAL  said  the  rule  had  probably  been  made  when  there  was  a  pressure  of  business.  Lord  CAMPBELL  said  it  had  existed  from  the  most  remote  times,  when  the  Queen's  Bench  did  not  sit  half  the  time  it  might  have  done.  Mr.  Justice  COLERIDGE  :  It  is  probably  on  account  of  the  length  of  time  before  cause  can  be  shown,  Lord  CAMPBELL  :  There  is  another  reason.  This  is  a  very  solemn  proceeding,  and  it  is  supposed  there  may  be  a  great  deal  of  hurry  on  the  last  day  of  the  Term,  and  we  ought  to  have  abundant  time  to  consider  before  we  exercise  the  important  power  that  is  vested  in  us.  The  ATTORNEY-GENERAL  said  the  great  object  of  his  clients  was  not  to  press  vindictively  against  the  newspaper,  but  to  to  clear  themselves.  Mr.  Justice  COLERIDGE  remembered  several  instances  in  which  learned  counsel  had  mentioned  that  they  intended  to  move.  The  attorney-general  would  would  answer  his  pur purpose  pose purpose  by  doing  so.  Lord.  CAMPBELL  :  We  may  consider  whether  the  rule  ought  to  be  altered,  but  while  it  remains  in  force  we  must  abide  by  it.  The  ATTORNEY-GENERAL  might  be  allowed  to  say  that  his  affidavits  contained  the  most  complete  refutation  of  all  the  imputations  contained  in  the  article.  After  what  had  fallen  from  the  court,  he  would  not  now  press  his  motion.  RESTORING  AN  ATTORNEY.  IN  RE  MARSHALL.—Sir  F.  Thesiger  moved  to  restore  Mr.  Marshall  to  the  roll  of  attorneys  of  this  court.  In  1842,  in  consequence  of  a  petition  of  the  Law  Society  of  Birmingham,  Lord  Langdale  had  struck  him  off  the  roll  of  the  Court  of  Chancery.  He  had  then  removed  with  his  family  tc  America  in  order  to  practise  there,  and  after  some  time  had  undergone  a  perfectly  satisfactory  examination  be before  fore before  two  judges  in  that  country;  but  he  could  not  practise  in  the  States,  as  he  had  not  been  admitted  as  a  citizen.  During  his  absence  an  application  was  made  to  strike  him  off  the  rolls  of  this  court,  which  was  granted  as  a  matter  of  course.  Since  then  he  had  been  engaged  in  a  series  of  struggles  and  difficulties.  He  had  contended  with  them  for  a  number  of  years,  gradually  regaining  hi  s  c  h  arac  t  er  ,  till  at  length  the  Law  ociety  of  Birmingham  themselves  had  ap-:  plied  to  the  Master  of  the  Rolls  to  restore  him  to  the  rolls  of  the  Court  of  Chancery,  and  the  master  had  granted  that  ap application.  plication. application.  Lord  CAMPBELL.—As  he  was  struck  off  by  the  authority  of  that  court,  I  think  he  may  be  restored  by  the  same  autho  rity.  Rule  granted  accordingly.  The  Queen  v.  the  Justices  of  Lancashire.  Sir  F.  THESIGEx  moved  for  a  rule  to  bring  up  to  this  court  an  order  of  sessions  made  in  the  month  of  June  last,  by  which  it  was  resolved  that  a  sum  of  £53  7s.  6d.  should  be  allowed  out  of  the  county  rates  to  the  treasurer,  on  account  of  certain  expenses,  the  origin  of  which  he  will  now  nar narrate.  rate. narrate.  It  was  made  under  very  extraordinary  circumstances.  Some  time  ago  a  complaint  was  made  to  the  crown,  as  re representing  presenting representing  the  Duchy  of  Lancaster,  of  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Ramshay,  who  was  the  county  court  judge  there.  A  great  deal  of  interest  was  excited  by  the  case.  An  inquiry  took  place  at  Preston,  and  the  visiting  justices  of  the  House  of  Correction  then  granted  the  use  of  the  court-house  for  the  purpose  of  conducting  the  inquiry.  The  chancellor  of  the  duchy  heard  the  charge,  being  at attended  tended attended  and  assisted  in  that  duty  by  his  (Sir  F.  Thesiger's)  learned  friend  Mr.  Ellis,  one  of  the  law  officers  of  the  duchy.  Counsel  attended  on  behalf  of  the  parties  concerned  in  the  complaint  and  the  defence.  Several  of  the  justices,  with  their  families,  came  to  hear  the  inquiry  conducted,  and  as  the  sittings  of  the  court  were  long,  they  thought  it  right  to  order  that  refreshments  should  be  freely  distributed.  These  refreshments  were  moderate  in  kind,  though  not  in  extent,  for  they  were  only  sandwiches  and  wine  ;  but,  in  the  end,  the  charge  for  them  amounted  to  £53  7s  6d.,  which  was  to  be  paid  out  of  the  county  rates.  The  visiting  justices,  after  the  inquiry  was  terminated,  gave  orders  to  the  county  treasurer  to  charge  that  sum  in  the  accounts  of  the  sessional  expenses  at  Preston,  anu  in  them  it  was  included.  Tee  treasurer  gave  in  an  abstract  of  his  accounts.  The  gross  sum  amounted  to  £287  o  dd,  o  f  which  the  £53  7s  6d  formed  part.  This  sum  was  objected  to,  and  some  motion  was  made  than  an  application  should  be  made  to  the  Chancellor  of  the  Duchy  of  Lancaster  to  pay  it.  That  was  negatived,  and  another  motion  that  the  trea treasurer  surer treasurer  should  take  measures  to  enforce  the  payment  was  negatived.  Under  the  5  and  6  Vic.,  c.  50,  the  treasurer  was  bound  to  send  in  an  abstract  of  his  accounts  to  the  Secretary  of  State,  and  that  abstract  was  to  be  laid  before  parliament.  This  was  done,  minus  the  £53  7s.  6d.,  and  the  accounts,  minus  that  sum,  were  allowed.  Here  the  matter  might  have  been  thought  to  terminate.  But  it  appeared  that  there  was  a  proper  rule  at  these  sessions,  that  no  business  should  be  transacted  unless  a  pieVious  notice  of  it  had  been  given,  and  notice  was  accordingly  given  of  a  motion  on  the  subject  of  this  sum.  The  notice  was  by  the  chairman  of  the  gene general  ral general  finance  committee,  that  it  be  an  instruction  to  the  com-  mittee  that  steps  shall  be  taken  with  respect  to  the  sum  o  1  £53  7s.  6d.,  paid  under  the  order  of  the  visiting  justices,  and  disallowed  by  the  sessions  in  the  treasurer's  accounts,  Another  was  that  . STYLE=superscript  the  resolution  disallowing  it  be  rescinded,  and  that  the  sum  be  allowed  in  the  accounts  for  the  said  House  of  Correction.  The  first  motion  was  made,  and  the  treasurer  was  ordered  to  apply  to  the  Duchy  of  Lancaster  For  the  payment  of  this  .sum,  as  expenses  in  holding  the  nquiry,  and  the  further  consideration  of  the  other  motion  was  postponed.  Application  was  made  to  the  Duchy  Court,  and  the  answer  was  that  the  Chancellor  of  the  Duchy  would  pay  for  all  that  he  and  his  assessor  had  consumed,  but  for  nothing  more.  The  matter  was  again  taken  up,  and  a  notice  of  motion  was  given  that  the  sum  be  allowed  in  the  accounts.  This  was  negatived  by  a  major  f  only.  one.  There  was  auteriviirus  a  - STYLE=superscript  cirelllar  1.55  LIOU  in  Jon  oa,or  a  motion  to  this  effect,  that  the  county  treasurer  be  instructed  to  apply,  through  the  deputy  clerk  of  the  peace,  to  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench  for  a  rule  to  show  cause  why  he  should  not  be  repaid  the  sum  which  he  had  expended.  On  that  amend amendment,  ment, amendment,  which  was  in  fact  a  substantive  motion,  was  proposed,  that  the  sum  of  £53  7s.  6d.,  paid  by  the  treasurer  in  virtue  of  the  order  of  two  magistrates,  be  allowed  him  in  his  ac.  counts.  The  amendment  was  carried,  and  constituted  the  order  which  it  was  the  object  of  this  certiorari  to  bring  up  and  quash.  The  gentleman  who  made  this  application  was  a  magistrate  ;  he  had  no  personal  interest  in  the  matter  ;  he  had  not  partaken  of  the  refreshments,  and  he  always  opp  ose  d  paying  for  th  em  b  u  t  at  t  h  e  county  rates.  He  proposed  that  they  should  be  paid  for  by  subscription  among  the  magis magistrates,  trates, magistrates,  and  though  he  was  not  present  when  they  were  consumed,  he  had  offered  to  subscribe  for  their  payment.  Lord  CAMPBELL  :  There  is  no  question  of  any  statute  authorising  such  an  application  of  the  county  rates.  The  rule  must  be  granted.—Rule  granted.  _Lumley  v.  Gye.—The  Case  of  Mdlle.  Wagner.  The  ATTORNEY-GENER  AL  moved  for  a  rule  to  show  cause  why  a  commission  should  not  issue,  addressed  to  the  Royal  City  .  of  Berlin,  or  any  of  the  judges  thereof,  or  some  person  appointed  by  them,  for  the  examination  of  witnesses  out  of  the  jurisdiction  of  this  court,  and  in  the  meantime  to  post postpone  pone postpone  the  trial  of  the  cause.  The  action  was  brought  by  Mr.  Lumley  against  the  defendant,  for  having  induced  Mdlle.  Wagner—  Lord  CAMPBELL  :  We  are  perfectly  aware  of  the  nature  of  the  action.  The  ATTORNEY-GENERAL  said  that,  as  their  lordships  were  aware  of  the  nature  of  the  action,  they  would  fully  appreciate  the  value  and  importance  of  obtaining  the  evi evidence  dence evidence  of  Miss  Wagner  and  of  her  father,  who  acted  for  her.  The  commission  which  had  been  issued  was  applied  for  by  the  defendant.  It  was  desired  that  the  examination  of  th  e  _  _  witnesses  should  be  viva  voce,  and  therefore  Mr.  Hayward  proceeded  to  Berlin  to  execute  the  commission.  On  his  arrival  there  he  was  attended  by  the  solicitors  on  both  sides  and  by  counsel,  Mr.  Huddlestone  and  Mr.  Creasy,  and  he  prepared  to  begin  his  labours.  But  difficulties  at  once  appeared,  for  Miss  Wagner  and  her  father  took  advice  as  to  the  obligation  which  they  were  under  to  answer  questions.  They  were  advised  that  they  need  not  take  an  oath  unless  the  oath  was  administered  by  a  judge  of  one  of  the  Prussian  courts,  or  by  some  magistrate  of  the  country,  and  they  there therefore  fore therefore  declined  to  answer  on  oath  ivhen  the  oath  was  admi administered  nistered administered  by  Mr.  Hayward.  That  gentleman  accordingly  made  an  application  to  the  Royal  City  Court  at  Berlin  for  a  judge  to  be  appointed  by  the  court  to  administer  the  oath.  A  judge  was  accordingly  appointed,  and  he  attended  and  administered  the  oath  according  to  the  Prussian  law,  these  witnesses  having  declined  to  take  an  oath  according  to  the  English  form.  Lord  CAMPBELL  :  The  form  was  of  no  importance.  Any  form  of  oath  binding  on  the  witness  would  be  admissible,  and  the  evidence  given  under  it  would  be  the  same  as  evidence  given  under  the  ordinary  form.  TheArronNET-GENERAL  proceeded  :  As  the  witnesses  said  that  they  considered  the  Prussian  form  to  be  binding,  Mr.  Hayward  made  no  objection,  and  the  examination  proceeded.  After  a  few  questions  had  been  put,  it  was  considered  neces necessary  sary necessary  to  ask  Miss  Wagner  whether  a  certain  document  was  in  her  handwriting.  On  that  question  being  put,  the  Prus Prussian  sian Prussian  judge  interposed,  and  said  that  the  question  could  not  be  asked  in  that  shape  and  at  that  moment,  butthe  document  must  first  be  read  and  certain  other  questions  asked  as  pre preliminary  liminary preliminary  to  that  one.  Mr.  Hayward  objected  to  this  interfe interference.  rence. interference.  The  Prussian  judge,  however,  said  that  he  was  th  e  judge  to  manage  the  exam  in  ation,  and:that  he  had  the  entire  and  exclusive  management  of  it,  and  that  it  was  for  him  to  determine  what  questions  were  to  be  put,  and  he  therefore  persisted  in  the  course  he  had  adopted.  Mr.  Huddleston  then  protested.  Mr.  Creasy  did  the  same,  and  the  business  was  suspended.  The  evidence  of  Miss  Wagner  and  of  her  father  was  absolutely  necessary;  and  it  had  therefore  become  a  subject  of  consideration  whether  any  other  commission  would  be  sufficient  to  procure  it.  It  had  been  thought  that  if  this  Court  would  address  a  commission  to  the  Royal  City  Court  of  Berlin,  it  would  not  be  difficult  for  that  Court  to  obtain  the  evidence_of  these  persons,  and  this  application  was  now  made  for  that  purpose.  The  statute  relating  to  these  matters  authorised  such  a  course.—Rule  to  show  cause  granted.  LONDON  BAIL  COURT.  The  Queen  v.  Beresford  and  others.  Mr.  E.  JAMES  moved  in  this  case  to  postpone  the  trial  of  this  prosecution  until  next  Hilary  Term.  This  was  a  prosecution  against  the  Hon.  W.  Beresford  and  ten  other  persons  for  a  conspiracy  arising  out  of  the  Derby  election.  The  indictment,  which  is  for  a  conspiracy,  was  found  at  the  Central  Criminal  Court,  and  removed  into  this  court  by  certiorari  at  the  instance  of  two  of  the  defen defendants,  dants, defendants,  the  Hon.  W.  Beresford  and  Mr.  Huish.  On  the  removal  of  the  indictment  they  were  obliged  to  enter  into  recognisances  to  plead  and  give  notice  of  trial  in  this  term,  which  they  had  . STYLE=superscript  duly  done.  Five  of  the  other  defendants,  George  Richardson  Cox,  William  Thomas  Cox,  John  Cole,  Christopher  Hibburd,  and  John  Clark,  however,  did  not  plead  until  the  21st  of  November,  and  it  was,  therefore,  too  late  to  give  them  notice  of  trial  for  the  sittings  after  term,  and  therefore  it  would  be  impossible  to  try  the  case  at  those  sittings  against  - STYLE=superscript  all  the  defendants,  and  it  was  most  advisable  that  the  case  should  be  gone  into  against  all  the  defendants  at  the  same  time.  It  was  therefore  proposed  to  call  on  the  five  defendants,  who  had  pleaded  on  the  21st  of  November,  to  show  cause  why  they  should  not  take  such  notice  of  trial  as  the  prosecutor  could  now  give,  and  calling  on  Messrs.  Beresford  and  Huish  to  show  cause  why  the  trial  should  not  be  postponed,  unless  the  other  five  defendants  who  had  pleaded  as  above  should  not  consent  to  take  such  short  notice  of  trial.  Mr.  Justice  CROMPTON  :  What  do  you  intend  to  do  as  to  the  other  five  ?  Mr.  JAMES  :  They  have  not  pleaded  at  all,  and  we  must  pursue  another  course  as  to  them.  There  was  another  ge general  neral general  ground  for  postponing  the  trial  which  he  must  also  mention.  By  a  resolution  of  the  House  of  Commons,  in  1818,  no  officer  of  the  house  or  shorthand-writer  employed  on  any  committee  of  the  house,  is  allowed  to  attend  and  give  evi evidence  dence evidence  at  any  trial  without  the  special  leave  of  the  house  ;  and  in  this  case  it  would  be  necessary  both  to  have  the  evi evidence  dence evidence  of  one  of  the  shorthand-writers  of  the  house  and  also  the  production  of  some  of  the  journals  of  the  house;'  and,  as  the  house  was  not  now  sitting,  it  would  be  impossible  to  obtain  the  requisite  leave  of  the  house  for  their  officers  to  att  end.  Sir  F.  THESIGER  stated  that  he  appeared  for  Major  Beresford,  and  begged  to  say  that  that  gentleman  had  done  everything  in  his  power  to  facilitate  the  trial  o  f  thi  s  case,  as  he  was  mo  s  t  anxious  to  meet  the  charge  brought  against  him,  and  he  begged  to  say  he  had  no  power  or  control  what whatever  ever whatever  over  the  five  defendants  whose  names  had  been  mentioned,  or  the  others.  He  mentioned  this  in  order  that  it  might  not  be  supposed  that  he  had  anything  whatever  to  do  with  keeping  them  back.  No  doubt  it  was  most  desirable  that  the  case  should  be  gone  into  against  all  the  defendants  at  the  same  time,  and  he  therefore  wished  to  say,  on  the  part  of  Major  Beresford,  that  he  was  quite  ready  to  assent  to  any  course  that  might  be  thought  best.  There  was  no  doubt  that  the  leave  of  the  house  for  the  attendance  of  these  officers  was  necessary,  therefore,  perhaps,  the  best  course  would  be  for  the  trial  to  stand  over  until  Hilary  term.  Mr.  JAMES  begged  to  say  that  he  did  no  t  i  n  th  e  s  li  g  h  test  manner  wish  to  impute  to  Major  Beresford  or  M  r  .  H  u  i  s  h  the  keeping  back  o  f  th  e  other  defendants  from  pleading.  He  was  bound  to  say  those  gentlemen  had  done  all  that  they  were  called  on  to  do,  to  put  the  case  in  a  proper  train  for  inquiry.  Mr.  Justice  CROMPTON  :  I  do  not  act  on  the  notion  that  there  is  the  least  attempt  on  either  side  to  induce  delay  ;  but  think  the  best  course  to  pursue  is  to  postpone  the  trial  of  the  case  until  Hilary  Term,  if  it  is  consented  to  by  the  t  wo  de defendants  fendants defendants  who  ha  ve  pleaded  in  time.  Sir  F.  THESIGER  expressed  his  assent  on  the  part  of  Major  Beresford,  and  stated  that  Mr.  Macaulay  and  Mr.  M.  Smith  appeared  for  Mr.  Huish.  Mr.  Justice  CROMPTON  said  that  if  either  of  those  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  would  consent  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Huish,  the  rule  would  be  absolute  at  once  to  postpone  the  trial;  if  not,  then  a  rule  nisi  only  would  be  granted.  At  a  subsequent  period  Mr.  &amp;mit  came  into  court,  and  stated  he  had  no  instructions  in  the  matter;  but  he  had  no  doubt  that  Mr.  Huish  would  consent  to  Cm  postponement.  The  matter  then  stood  over,  Mr.  SMITH  undertaking  to  communicate  with  his  client,  and  inform  the  officers  of  the  court  of  the  result.  VICE  CHANCELLOR'S  COURT.  Jermy  v.  Jermy.—Dower.  This  suit,  which  now  came  on  upon  further  direction,  was  instituted  to  administer  the  estate  of  Mr.  Jermy,  who  was  murdered  some  time  since  by  Rush.  The  widow  of  Mr.  Jermy  elected  upon  his  death  . STYLE=superscript  to  receive  one-third  of  the  rents  and  profits  of  the  estates  of  the  deceased  gentleman  in  respect  of  her  dower,  in  lieu  of  having  one-third  set  out  by  metes  and  bounds.  A  portion  of  the  timber  on  the  estate  having  been  sold,  and  some  fines  having  been  received  from  copyhold,  a  question  arose  between  the  widow  and  the  heir  as  to  whether  she  was  entitled  to  a  third  of  the  sum  arising  from  these  two  sources.  Mr.  J.  V.  Prior  and  Mr.  Prendergast  represented  the  parties  interested.  In  the  course  of  the  statement  of  counsel,  it  appeared  that  it  had  hitherto  been  found  impossible  to  let  the  mansion  house  in  which  the  murder  took  place,  although  the  parties  were  willing  to  allow  a  tenant  to  have  it  for  two  years  rent  free.  The  Vice-Chancellor  held  that  the  widow  was  entitled  to  one-third  of  the  copyhold  fines  and  of  the  proceeds  of  the  timber.  ONE  OF  FERGUS  O'CONNOR'S  PLANS.  (Grflliths  v.  the  Ofikal  _Manager  of  the  National  Land  Company.)  Mr.  T.  H.  Terrell  renewed  a  motion  which  he  had  made  on  a  previous  occasion,  to  restrain  the  defendant  from  issuing  a  writ  of  possession  against  the  plaintiff,  in  respect  of  some  meadow  land,  part  of  one  of  the  estates  formerly  purchased  by  Mr.  Feargus  O'Connor,  and  called  and  Applehurst  It  appeared  that  the  plaintiff  had  worked  upon  the  estate  in  question  for  Mr.  O'Connor,  `und  there  being  a  large  bill  owing  to  him,  the  amount  of  which  was  in  dispute  (he  claiming  upwards  of  .€4OO,  Mr.  O'Connor  admitting  only  n  75),  it  was  arranged  that  the  plaintiff  should  take  to  some  meadow  land  at  Low Lowland,  land, Lowland,  at  the  nrice  of  441)0_  ;f  account  more  was  found  due  to  him,  Mr.  O'Connor  should  pay  it,  but  if  less,  then  the  plaintiff  should  hand  over  the  _  _—  balance.  On  the  9th  July,  1851,  a  letter  was  written  by  O'Connor  to  the  plaintiff,  as  follows  :  Dear  Griffiths,—You  shall  not  be  deprived  of  the  meadow-land;  the  ruffians  at  Lowlands  have  no  power  to  do  so.  But  you  m  a  k  o  a  m  i  s  t  a  k  e  w  h  en  you  say  a  balance  of  4001.  is  due  to  you;  it  is  only  275/.  7  and  I  am  prepared  to  convey  the  meadows  to  you,  though  you  have  got  them  at  a  much  cheaper  price  than  I  paid  for  them,  if  you  are  pre prepared  pared prepared  to  pay  the  balance.  Shortly  after  this  an  act  was  passed  for  winding  up  the  affairs  of  the  company,  and  it  being  known  that  Mr  O'Connor  had  been  dealinc  , STYLE=superscript  with  the  property  in  an  improper  manner,  and  selling  parts  of  it  as  his  own,  the  act  provided  th  a  t  cer  t  a  i  n  persons  therein  specified,  w  h  o  had  got  allotments,  and  others  who  had  purchased,  sl  ould  be  confirmed  in  possessiln  '  •  and  ,that  all  those  whom  the  Master  in  Chancery  charg  e  d  with  winding  up  the  affairs  of  the  company  should  find  to  be  bona  fide  purchasers,  should  be  entitled  to  have  the  land  so  purchased.  _  The  VICE-CHANCELLOR,  after  recapitulating  tile  facts,  granted  the  injunction;  but  stated  that  nothing  that  he  had  said  on  the  previous  occasion  was  intended  to  lead  to  the  inference  that  the  matter  was  not  to  go  on  before  the  master.  He  thought  it  would  be  better  that  he  should  himself  communicate  with  the  master,  and  explain  his  views.  EXCHEQUER  CHAMBER.  The  Queen  v.  Garret'.  This  was  a  case  reserved  by  Mr.  Baron  Parke  for  the  opinion  of  this  court.  The  indictment  contained  several  counts.  It  stated  that  Sir  Peter  Laurie  and  others,  trading  under  the  name  of  the  Union  Bank  of  London,  were  the  correspondents  of  Duncan  and  Co.,  of  New  York,  for  whom  they  were  in  the  habit  of  paying  money.  The  firm  had  ob obtained  tained obtained  a  circular  letter  of  credit  from  Duncan  and  Co.,  upon  the  Union  Bank  for  £2lO.  He  came  to  London  and  ob obtained  tained obtained  some  small  sums,  which  were  endorsed  upon  the  let letter  ter letter  of  credit  •  he  then  went  to  St.  Petersburgh,  and  altered  the  letter  of  credit  to  £5,210.  He  took  it  to  Wilson  and  Co.  at  St.  Petersburgh,  who  were  also  correspondents  of  Duncan  and  Co.,  and  obtained  from  them  two  sums  of  f  £1,200  and  £,2,500,  and  he  gave  them  a  cheque  for  £1,200"
