text
"COURT  OF  COMMON  PLEAS.-MONDAY.  (Nisi  Prius  Sittingi  at  Guildhall,  before  Lord  Chief  Justice  JERVIS  and  a  Special  Jury.)  CLELAND  AND  ANOTHER  V.  THE  UNITED  GUARANTEE  AND  LIFE  ASSURANCE  COMPANY.  This  was  an  action  on  a  policy  of  insurance,  dated  17th  January,  1850,  whereby  the  defendants  guaranteed  to  the  extent  of  £2OOO,  to  make  good  within  three  months,  after  reasonable  proof  thereof  to  the  defendants;  any  loss  what whatsoever  soever whatsoever  which  the  plaintiffs  should  sustain  during  the  liability  of  the  defendants  on  that  policy  by  reason  of  the  want  of  integrity,  honesty,  or  fidelity  of  Frederick  Savil  Lee,  arising  out  of  his  employment  by  the  plaintiffs  as  the  London  manager  of  their  business.  The  defendants  pleaded  that  the  plaintiffs  did  not  sustain  loss  by  want  of  the  integrity,  honesty,  or  fidelity  of  Lee  as  London  manager  of  the  plain plaintiffs  tiffs plaintiffs  ;  that  proof  was  not  given  to  the  reasonable  satisfaction  of  the  directors  of  the  loss  ;  that  three  calendar  months  after  such  proof  of  loss  had  not  elapsed  before  the  com commencement  mencement commencement  of  the  action  ;  that  the  loss  was  . STYLE=superscript  occasioned  by  the  plaintiffs  having  entrusted  Lee  with  certain  bills  of  exchange  drawn  by  the  plaintiffs  in  blank,  contrary  to,  mer mercantile  cantile mercantile  usage  and  a  safe  and  respectable  mode  of  earring  on  business;  to  which,  some  time  afterwards,  was  added  a  plea  that  the  defendants  were  induced  to  make  the  policy  by  the  fraud  of  the  plaintiffs.  Mr.  Serjeant  Byles,  Mr.  Coiling,  and  Mr.  W.  Rose  were  counsel  for  the  plaintiffs;  and  Sir  F.  Thesiger,  Q.C.,  Mr.  M.  Chambers,  Q.C.,  and  Mr.  Bovill  for  the  defendants.  Mr:  Serjeant  Byles,  in  stating  the  plaintiffs'  case,  said  that  the  plaintiffs  were  citizens  of  ,  the  United  States  of  America,  who,  some  time  ago,  'carried  on  business  as  mer merchants  chants merchants  at  Boston.  The  defendants  were  a,  joint-stock  company  in  London,'  whose  business  it  was  to  insure  the  integrity  and  fidelity  of  persons  employed  towards  their  em employers.  ployers. employers.  The  plaintiff,  Mr.  Cleland,  was  in  England  in  the  spring  of  1849,  and  whilst  in  London  he  resided  in  a  house  in  Surrey-street,  Strand,  where  he  became  acqoainted  with  an  American  gentleman,  named  Lee,  who  introduced  him  to  another  gentleman  of  the  same  name,  but  not  connected  with  him—a  Mr.  Savil  Lee.  After  the  introduction  Mr.  Savil  Lee  and  Mr.  Cleland  went  about  London  together,  and  at  length  Mr.  Cleland  was  led  to  believe  that  Mr.  Lee  would  be  extremely  serviceable  to  him  in  carrying  out  a  pro project  ject project  he  entertained  of  establishing  a  branch  business  in  London.  Mr.  Cleland  was,  howoyer,  unwilling  to  do  this  unless  Mr.  S.  Lee  would  give  him  ample  security  for  his  in integrity,  tegrity, integrity,  and  after  Mr.  Cleland  returned  to  America  a  corres correspondence  pondence correspondence  ensued  on  this  subject,  the  result  of  which  was  that  as  the  plaintiffs  would  have  to  send  Mr.  Lee  letters  of  credit  on  a  house  at  Liverpool  for  £2,000,  and  also  to  allow  him  to  draw  upon  their  credit,  they  required  from  him  a  guarantee  ,to  the  extent  of  £2,000.  Mr.  S.  Lee,  therefore,  applied  to  th  e  d  e  f  en  d  an  t  s  t  o  k  now  if  th  ey  would  `guarantee  his  integrity  as  manager  of  the  London  branch  of  the  plaintiffs'  business,  and  the  defendants'  secretary  then  gave  him  a  doc  umen  t  containing  a  number  of  questions,  which  he  undertook  to  transmit  to  the  plain plaintiffs  tiffs plaintiffs  at  Boston,  to  be  answered  in  a  manner  that  should  meet  the  defendants'  approbation.  Amongst  those  ques questions  tions questions  were  the  following,  which  he  would  read,  with  the  plaintiffs'  answers  to  them  :  In  what  capacity  do  you  intend  to  employ  the  applicant  ?  and  with  reference  to  this  question  will  you  state,,  as  far  as  circumstances  will  permit,  the  nature  of  his  intented  duties  and  his  responsibilities;  the  amount  which  it  is  likely  will  at  any  time  be  entrusted  to  his  custody,  and  the  probable  period  of  its  retention  by  him;  the  checks  which  will  be  used  to  secure  accuracy  in  his  accounts  ;  and  the  salary  or  emolument  which  will  be  paid  to  him,  and  how  and  when  it'  will  be  paid  ?  To  this  the  answer  wa  s  ,  ,  He  is  to  be  manager  of  a  branch  of  our  house  in  London.  His  duties  will  be,  generally,  to  make  advances  on  and  influence  consignments  of  merchandise  to  our  address  in  America,  and  to  dispose  of  goods  consigned  to  him  in  Lon London.  don. London.  The  amount  entrusted  to  his  custody  will  vary  from'  £5OOO  to  £lO,OOO.  There  is  no  definitive  period  specified  for  his  remaining  in  our  employment.  Ile  will  regulary  advise  us  of  his  doings,  and  our  accounts  will  be  balanced  as  often  as  once,  and  perhaps  twice  a  year.  Ile  will  g  e  t  cer certain  tain certain  commissions  on  a  ll  th  e  business  transacted  by  our  house  in  Another  question  was,  Are  you  aware  of  any  reason  why  a  guarantee  of  the  applicant's  intregity  should  be  considered  more  than  usually  hazardous  ?  The  answer  was  reason  whatever.  On  the  contrary,  we  have  full  confidence  in  his  integrity,  or  we  would  not  employ  hint  , STYLE=superscript  '  On  the  basis  of  these  questions  and  answers,  the  policy  in  question  was  entered  into  on  the  17th  of,  January,  1850,  but  prevfausly,  on  the  18th,  December,  1849,  the  plaintiffs  bad  appointed  Lee  their  agent  to  manage  the  .branch  of  their  business  in  London,  on  the  terms  that  he  was  to  have,  by  way  of  salary,  50  per  cent.  on  the  profits,  but  •  not  to  be  a  partner.  They  also  sent  him  the  power  of  attorney,  and  a  letter  of  credit  on  Hamden  and  Co.,  of  Liverpool,  for  £2OOO,  and  blank  forms  of  bills  to  be  filled  up  by  him  and  used  as  might  be  required  by  the  exigencies  of  business.  The  annual  premium  to  be,  paid  on  the  policy  was  £25  ;  but  it  was  stipulated  that  any  fraudulent  misrepresentation  should  render  the  policy  void,  and  that  the  holder  of  the  policy  should  give  notice  of  any  acts  resulting  in  the  accrual  of  the  right  to  make  a  claim  on  the  policy,  and  all  particulars  there thereof,  of, thereof,  within  ten  days,  otherwise  the  p  o  li  c  y  an  d  a  ll  e  xi  s  ti  ng  claims  under  it  should  be  void.  Moreover,  although  the  plaintiffs  were  not  aware  of  it  at  the  time,  there  was  an another  other another  contEtitm  attached,  n  u  d  e  l  y  ,  that  the  person  whose  fidelity  was  guaranteed  should  insure  his  life,  and  that  if  any  claim  was  made  upon  the  guarantee  the  life  policy  should  be  forfeited.  And  this  led  him  to  make  observa observations  tions observations  on  the  conduct  of  the  defendants,  which  he  regretted  to  be  obliged  to  make.  The  number  of  references  ordi ordinarily  narily ordinarily  required  by  the  society  was  three.  Mr.  Lee  supplied  them  with  five.  The  defendants  had  -thrown  the  case  into  Chancery,  and  thus  delayed  the  trial  of  the  cause  for  two  years  ;  and  now,  within  the  last  few  months,  they  had  put  upon  the  record  a  plea  of  fraud,  of  which  he  would  venture  to  say  that  they  would  not  be  able  to  offer  any  evidence.  But  the  policy  being  effected,  and  the  letter  of  credit  and  the  bills  received,  the  first  thing  Lee  did  was  to  draw  the  whole  £2OOO  from  Harnden  and  Co.,  and  pl  ace  it  in  the  Royal  British  Bank  to  the  credit  of  the  plaintiffs.  This  was  not  complained  of;  but  what  was  complained  of  was,  that,  having  withdrawn  this  £2OOO,  and  a  second  sum  of  £2OOO,  for  which  another  letter  of  credit  was  sent  to  him,  he  filled  up  the  blank  bills  which  had  been  entrusted  to  him,  drew  out  the  money,  and  misappropriated  not  only  that,  but  also  a  much  larger  sum  to  his  own  purpoSes.  Having  done  this,  in  consequence  of  speculations  he  had,  engaged  in  which  turned  out  unsuccessful,  he  wrote  the  following  letter  to  the  plaintiffs  :  •  London,  June  14,  1850.  Messrs.  Cleland  and  Day,  Boston,  U.  S.  Dear  Sirs,—ln  making  to  you  the  following  communica communications,  tions, communications,  which  are  more  painful  to  me  thin  to  you,  for  two  rea reasons  sons- reasons  namely,  that  1  am  in  both  respects  the  loser,.l  have  the  Consolation  of  having  it  in  my  power  to  make  every  atonement.  The  simple  case  is,  that  I  have  met  with  heavy  and  unexpected  fosses,  and  was  called  upon  to  make  payments  when  I  did  not  expect  such  would  be  the  case,  so  that  1  was  not  prepared  to  do  so.  To  avoid  the  consequences,  I  availed  myself  of  the  means  ht  hand,  and  those  means  were  yours.  Mind  Ido  not  wish  or  attempt  to  exculpate  myself.  I  acted  decidedly  wrong,  but  a  man  is  not  always  master  over  :  his  actions.  I,  however,  as  1  said  above,  can  offer  you  sufficient  atonement  without  being  Obliged  to  have  recourse  to  the  security  I  gave  you.  I  have  a  manufactory  in  this  City  (unknown  to  the  trade,  Its  it  was  in inended  ended inended  as  the  bread  for  my  wife  and  children,  in  case  I  were,  Unfortunate  in  business)  worth  more  than  I  have  lost.  I  cal calculate  culate calculate  the  value  at  least  at  £2500,  and  dare  say  could  obtain  more  for  it,  as  it  is  a  monopoly  in  Great  Britain,  and  greatly  improved  of  late.  This'  r  offer  to  place  in  your  hands.  My  advice  would  be  for  you  to  keep  the  business,  as  it  is  (and  will  be)  a  splendid  paying  concern  ;  and  it  could  be  easily  managed  and  worked  to  advantage  in  many  ways.  You  must,  however,  know  that  payments  of  the  drafts  will  be  made  without  your  name  or  that  of  the  house  here  being  compromised  for  a  few  weeks  longer,  but  that  then  it  would  became  difficult  to  do  so  any  length  of  time.  I  lost,  and  with  my  money  my  head,  my  presence  of  mind,  and  raised  money.  These  bills  became  due  in  the  middle  of  July.  As  I  said  before  T;  c  ;,,,,  try  cyoncrty  into  your  hands,  but  wish  you  to  remit  me  another  letter  of  credit,  to  enable  Me  to  - STYLE=superscript  taxe  up  at  Litt..  )  £l5OO  or  £l6OO  would  be  sufficient.  I  am  glad  Mr.  Cleland  is  coming  over,  as  he  can  decide  upon  selling,  or  c9ntinuing  the  manufactory  on  your  own  account.  For  your  own  sake  remit  me  the  above  credit  per  return  of  Post,  _  have  .been  ill,  and  this  is  the  first  day  I  have  attended  a.  nu  office  since  the  Bth,  and  should  not  have  come  had  it  nol  been  American  post  or  mail.  That  I  regret  extremely  having  lost  my  money  you  can  easily  conceive.  but  I  regret  much  more  the  consequences.  Thank  God  !  you  will  not  lose.  na  use  making  excuses.  I  acted  wrong,  and  wish  to  amend  the  wrong  I  have  done  by  every  means  in  my  power.  I  remain,  dear  Sir,  yours  respectfully,  FREDER  IC  S.  To  this  letter  the  plaintiffs  returned  the  folloWing  answer:  Frederick  S.  Lee;  Esq.,  London.  Boston,  July  2,  1850.  ‘,  Dear  Sir,—Yours  of  the  14th  ult,  is  to  band,  and  we  are  perfectly  astounded  at  the  development  which  you  .have  therein  made,  of  having  appropriated  .£l5OO  or  £l6OO  of  our  money  to  your  private  uses.  ,We  cannot  conceive  why  a  person  of  your  standing  and  integrity  should  have  allowed  yourself  to  be  tempted  in  such  a  manner,  and  that  too,  to  misappropriate  the  money  belonging  to  young  men  who  had  reposed  such  unlimited  confidence  in  your  honesty.  You  speak  of  having  some  p  r  iv  a  t  e  property  to  secure  us,  b  u  t  you  neither  tell  us  what  or  where  it  is,  and  we  are  perfectly  in  the  dark  as  to  the  nature  of  the  busi business  ness business  that  is  carried  on  in  it.  If  it  is  so  valuable  as  you  say  it  is,  why  do  you  not  dispose  of  it  at  one°  and  make  up  the  deficf deficfency  ency deficfency  of  the  account,  and  not  allow  of  an  exposure  of  this  ,unplea  sant'affair?  You  are  aware,  that  no  matter  how  favourably  we  may  feel  disposed  toward  you,  yet  the  conditions  of  the,United  Guarantee  and  Life  Assurance  Company  are  such,  that  in  case  we  neglect  to  give  them  due  notice  of  any  delinquency  which  may  occur  in  the  honesty  of  the  person  so  insured,  within  ten  days  after  the  development  of  this  fact,  the  policy  shall  be  void.  This  being  the  case,  we  have  notified  them  of  the,  deficiency,  with  all  the  other  information  in  our  power  in  regard,  to,  that  unfortunate  affair:  We  have  also  mentioned  the  matter  in  n•co  fidence  to  Jam  e  i  Scott,  Esq.,  of  your  city,  whom,  togethe  r.  r STYLE=superscript  with  the  officer,  we  beg  you  will  lose  no  time  in  calling  upon,  and  make  such  amends  as  are  in  your  power  to  save  all  parties  concerned  from  any  loss  which  may  accrue  from  your  unwar unwarrantable  rantable unwarrantable  conduct.  ,  We,  beg,  at  any  fate,  you  Rill  make  such  .  .  „  a  ,  11=h  - STYLE=superscript  ora  - STYLE=superscript  Wn'your  friends  as  to  protect  our'dratts  until"
