text
"BIRTHS  The  weekly  meetings  of  ;rike  at  :Nianehester  were  resumed  on  when  the  chairman  complained  that,  of  the  turnouts  had  not  su'Ecient  moral  courage  from  t  s,  and  resumed  wi  per  1,000  haul  of  tha  turnout  off.  I  saes  in  which  thus  nce  to  the  wisht  The  ch:  ated  tha  offered  by  the  masters,  though  nominally,  were  not  really  lower  than  the  Manchester,  and  a  vote  was  passed  pledging  the  operatives  not  to  return  to  work  except  on  the  Ashton  tams.  --  -  On  the  15th  instant,  Mrs.  John  Brown,  wife  of  Captain  - STYLE=superscript  BP:O  f STYLE=superscript  of  a  daughter.  On  the  18th  instan  ,  Mrs.  J.  B.  Tan-cott.  of  a  daughter.  On  the  18th  Instant,  at  New  Brighton,  M  rs  .  J.  A  d  am  Sm  ith,  0 STYLE=superscript  daughter.  On  the  19th  instant.  at  Princes-terrace,  Birkenhead,  Edward  Glover,  of  a  d  lughter.  MARRIAGE.  On  the  18th  instant,  by  iicense,  Mr.  John  Allen,  of  Great  Ch  3t STYLE=superscript  (  lotte,.treet,  to  Miss  it,  Levy,  eldest  daughter  of  Mi.  J.  Levy,  Lit  Melbourne.  DEATHS.  On  the  )  6  s.  h  instant,  Thomas  Adam,  son  of  A  dam  o  b  son  19  ,o  On  the  gth  instant,  suddenly,  aged  41 STYLE=superscript  years,  Sar  a  h,  wife  of  t  ilt STYLE=superscript  '  Rev.  George  Hughes,  We.leyan  Miniver—de  e  pl  y  regretted.  On  the  10th  instant.  Richard  Thomas  T.ipscott,  the  son  of  Df  )ears.  Tapseott,  of  88,  Upper  Pi  c STYLE=superscript  t  -str STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  t  , STYLE=superscript  agel  two  I,e-  Births,  Marriages,  and  Deaths,  are  only  inserted  when  Eer  our  Office  duly  Luthenticated.  NEW  PREMIUM  ON  ENLISTMENT.—We  announce  01 STYLE=superscript  a  the  greatest  satisfaction  that  Lord  Panmure  has  obtaine„  the  sanction  of  the  Crown  to  a  measure  of  vitalThiportalq  to  the  success  of  recruiting  for  the  army.  A  warrant  `  vi STYLE=superscript  i  immediately  be  i  ssue  d,  gran  ti  ng  t  o  so  ldi  ers  t  h  e  bolO  i STYLE=superscript  o  money,  without  the  deduction  of  a  single  shilling  on  acco  a STYLE=superscript  .  ef  of  necessaries.  A  n  e  ntire  kit  will  be  given  to  the  solti  l STYLE=superscript  at  the  public  expense.  On  the  score  of  expediency  this  o  f  commendable,  but  the  measure  merits  the  higher  praise  bie  being  fair  and  just  to  the  soldier.  A.  very  considerao  number  of  men  embrace  the  service  in  the  conviction  0- STYLE=superscript  '  OO  they  are  to  receive  the  bounty  in  full.  Accordingly,  o  r STYLE=superscript  ,  b STYLE=superscript  e  ir  they  are  enlisted  and  come  to  be  paid,  they  find,  to  tu  2  ,  eensfernstion,  they  are  to  be  mulct  a  third,  and  often  0 STYLE=superscript  11  - STYLE=superscript  ,1  half,  the  amount,  to  supply  them  with  under-clothing,  il STYLE=superscript  te  f,  ce  rtain  other  articles  of  equip  men  t.  Thi  s  na  t  ura  lly  ereo  ri  d  discontent—a  feeling  at  all  times  to  be  avoided,  11 STYLE=superscript  especially  at  the  commencement  of  a  soldier's  career'  le  Ashton  terms  United  Service  Gazette.  11 STYLE=superscript  Printed  and  Published  by  CMS  'ILES  WILLBIEP,  of  2/,  ;  9 STYLE=superscript  street,  :this  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Este  1,  Into  , STYLE=superscript  '  South  I  )11a-streo,  Liverpoll.  MONDAY,  JANUARY  21,  um.  ,"
