text
"COUNTY  COURT.-YE  STE  RDAY  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCR,  ESQ.,  JUDGE.)  FARQUHAR  V.  BAlNiB.—This  was  an  action  brought  to  recover  £l3  19s  id,  on  an  order  made  by  Captain;  Forbes,  of  the  Australian  packet  ship  Lightning.  The  order  was  made  upon  Messrs  James  Baines  and  Co,  for  wages  due  to  the  plaintiff,  who  had  been  a  seaman  pa  board  the  Lightning•.  Mr.  Parr  appeared  to  support  the  claim,  and  Mr.  Forshaw  appeared  for  Messrs  Baines.  '  The  handwriting  of  Captain  - STYLE=superscript  Forbes  to  the  bill  was  not  disputed,  nor  the  fact  that  the  wages  were  due  at  the  time.  -  Mr.  Forsha'v  contended  that  the  Messrs  Baines  were  not  liable,  on  the  ground,  in  the  first  instance,  that  if  the  document  was  sued  upon  as  a  bill  that  it  was  not  an  accepted  bill  •  and  in  the  second  instance,  if  the  document  were  relied  upon  as  an  order,  then  there  bad  been  no  proof  given  that  Captain  Forbes  was  the  agent  of  the  owners  for  such  a  purpose,  and  they  Consequently  were  not  liable.  He  contended  that  the  remedy  of  the  plaintiff  was  against  Captain  Forbes,  who  was  clearly  liable  for  the  bill  he  had  made.  The  act  by  which  such  bills  were  made  valid  against  owners,  was  the  36th  and  17th  Victoria,  chap  131,  section  35,  which  require'd  as  acceptance.  Even  if  the  bill  were  looked  upon  as  an  order,  then,  by  the  17th  and  1  8th  Victoria,  chaptc  section  215,  the  security  was  valid  only  against  di  who  would  have  been  affected  by  the  fora  _  .  L  J.GV,  party  r  ace,  against  whom  it  conferred  no  additional  power..  On  the  part  of  the  plaintiff  it  appeared  that  the  seaman  in  question  had  sailed  in  the  ship.  Lightning  for  Australia,  and  when  in  Port  Philip,  be  volunteered  on  board  her  Majesty's  ship  Phantom..  Captain  Forbes  then  gave  an.order  for  the  wages  due  to.  the  seaman,  amounting  to  .£l3'l9s  Id.  The  bill  was  in  the  following  terms  At  sight,  Messrs.  James  Baines  and  Co.  will  please  pay  to  Captain  Gennys,  of  her  Majesty's  ship  Phantom,  £l3  19s  Id  for  wages  due  to  Thomas  Farquhar,  seaman,  August  29th,  11354.Hob 11354.Hobson's  son's 11354.Hobson's  Bay,  Port  Philip,  James  N.  Forbes,  Master  of  the  British  ship  Mr.  Parr  contended  that  the  act  of  parliament  directed  that  when  any  seaman  lolnn lolnntecred  tecred lolnntecred  from  on  board  a  merchant  ship  to  her  Majesty's  navy,  the,  captain  of  the  former  vessel  was  obliged  to  give  to  the  captain  of  her  Majesty's  vessel  on  which  the  seaman  entered,  a  bill  for  the  amount  of  the  wages  due"
