text
"DISORDERLY  PAUPERS  Three  females,  mine  of  whom  were  apparently  above  six sixteen  teen sixteen  years  of  age,  appeared  before  the  board,  having  requested  to  leave  the  house,  but  their  conduct  had  been  such  that  the  master  had  oeemed  it  a  fit  case  to  bring  before  the  board.  From  his  statement,  it  appeared  that  their  conduct  had,  bona  in  hand  out  of  the  house  ;  been  most  disgraceful.  :,:lhe  Rev.  Chairman  expressed  his  deep  reg  re  t  a  t  the  co,  duct  of  the  girls,  and  hoped  they  would  endeavour  to  make  amends  for  their  past  misbehaviour,  or  they  would  in  a..  short  time  die,  and  go,  they  ought  to  know  w  h  ere:  •  Mr.  Lunt  thought  that  it  was  a  great  pity  that  the  board.  had  not  the  power  of  whipping  such  girls.  Mr.  Pitts  moved  that  the  girls  be  dismissed  the  house,:  and  that  they  be  presented  with  2s.  each.  Mr.  Shaw  thought  2s.  was  too  much.  Mr.  Edwards  said  it  would  not  be  sufficient  to  find  them  more  than  one  night's  lodgings.  Mr.  ;haw  moved  that  they  should  have  Is,  each,  as  the  board  ought  not  to  encourage  such  characters.  The  latter  course  was  adopted,  and  the  girls  were  ejected  from  the  house  with  ls.  each,  and  instructions  were  given  by  Mr.  Shaw  that  the  relieving  officers  should  not  again  admit  them.  A  BAD  MASTER.  Alfred  Organs,  a  shoemaker,  living  in  Coleridge-street,  West  Derby,  appeared  before  the  board  to  answer  the  com complaint  plaint complaint  of  Allred  Lee  Owen,  a  lad  who  had  been  apprenticed  to  him  by  the  board  some  few  months  since.  From  the  statements  made  it  appeared  that  the  lad  had  been  kept  in  a  state  of  filth,  that  he  had  not  been  instructed  in  his  business,  nor  had  he,  as  the  indenture  required,  ev  er  a  tt  en  d  e  d  a  place  of  worship.  -  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Harrison,  seconded  by  Mr.  Batten,  the  clerk  was  directed  to  take  such  steps  as  were  necessary  to  have  the  indentures  cancelled,  and  the  lad  was  nou  permitted  to  return  to  the  master's  house.  THE  NEW  TREASURER.  Mr.  Smith  was  chosen  a  treasurer  in  the  place  of  the  late  Mr.  Langton.  The  board  accepted  the  same  sureties.  THE  HOSPITAL  SQUABBLES.  At  the  last  meeting  of  the  board  the  hospital  committee  were  specially  required  to  enquire  into  certain  charges  made  by  the  medical  officer,  Mr.  Lister,  against  the  master,  Mr.  Mann.  The  two  charges  made  by  the  former  were,  that  he,  on  the  Ist  of  January,  refused  to  send  a  messenger  for  a  surgical  instrument  when  applied  to,  although  the  patient  was  suffering  ;  the  second  charge  was,  that  Mr.  Lister  had  applied  to  have  the  body  of  a  female  buried  on  the  Tuesday,  but  the  master  had  refused  to  comply  with  the  request.  The  committee,  after  hearing  evidence,  considered  both  charges  proved,  and  also  reported  that  the  hospital  was  capable  of  holding  168  patients.  Mr.  Abrahams  moved  that  that  the  report  of  the  com committee  mittee committee  should  be  received.  This  motion  was  seconded  by  Mr.  Edwards.  After  a  few  observations  from  Mr.  Pitts,  Mr.  Shaw  moved  as  an  amendment,  that  the  report  be  referred  back  to  the  committee,  as  he  believed  it  to  be  only  a  one-sided  report.  because  the  committee  had  not  enquired  into  the  question  about  the  nurses."
