text
"IRELAND  [FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  DUBLIN,  TUESDAY.  The  Daily  Express  announces  the  death  of  Dr.  Mulcahy,  professor  of  mathematics  at  the  Queen's  College,  Galway,  which  occurred  on  Sunday.  The  deceased  was  one  of  our  best  mathematical  scho scholars,  lars, scholars,  having  been  a  gold  medalist  of  Trinity  Col  lege,  Dublin,  where  for  many  years  he  held  a  res respectable  pectable respectable  position  as  a  resident  master.  Being  a  Roman  Catholic,  he  was  not  eligible  to  a  fellow fellowship.  ship. fellowship.  LORD  CLEMWSTS.—The  spirit  of  outrage  would  seem  to  have  taken  her  flight  across  the  island  from  Down  to  Leitrim  ;  Lord  Clements,  who  for formerly  merly formerly  represented  the  latter  county  in  parliament,  has,  it  seems,  become  the  object  of  dislike,  whether  personal,  or  political,  or  social,  does  not  appear.  A  few  days  since,  a  person  named  Hugo  Reynolds,  was  arrested  and  lodg-d  in  prison,  for  having,  it  is  said,  offered  a  price  —X  5,  to  procure  his  lordship's  death.  Proceedings  have  been  taken,  at  the  instance  of  government,  against  two  Roman  Catholic  clergy clergymen  men clergymen  of  Kerry—the  one  for  abusing  the  magistracy  from  the  altar,  and  the  other  doing  the  like  by  the  police.  FATAL  AFFRAY,—The  Evening  Mail  contains  a  statement  of  an  affray  which  terminated  unhappily  in  the  loss  of  one  life,  and  the  endangering  of  seve several,  ral, several,  from  wounds  occurring  out  of  the  unhappy  diffe differences  rences differences  so  frequently  arising  between  tenant  and  landlord  in  Ireland.  The  following  are  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  :—Peter  Kelly,  a  publican,  who  resides  in  Moate,  holds  an  extensive  farm  from  W.  H.  Magan,  Esq.,  M.P.,  at  a  place  called  Gaulstown,  about  three  miles  from  the  town,  a  part  of  which  poor  Kelly  had  sub-let  by  consent  of  his  landlord,  to  a  man  named  Green.  Kelly,  during  the  late  election,  was  a  warm  supporter  and  agent  of  Capt.  Magan,  keeping  open  house  for  his  voters,  for  which  service  Kelly  fur furnished  nished furnished  a  bill  of  £74.  This  sum  the  Captain  de declined  clined declined  to  pay,  put  offered  the  half,  which  was  re refused.  fused. refused.  Kelly  commenced  proceedings  against  his  landlord  for  the  recovery  of  his  claim  ;  and  the  latter  distrained  Kelly's  crops  for  the  rent  due  the  Ist  of  this  present  November,  and  the  produce  of  the  distress  was  sold  on  Friday,  the  18th  instant,  Captain  Megan  being  himself  the  purchaser.  The  corn  was  removed  to  the  premises  of  Kelly's  under undertenant,  tenant, undertenant,  Green,  who,  it  appears,  is  in  Captain  Ma Magan's  gan's Magan's  interest.  Mr.  Magan  having  brought  a  num number  ber number  of  people  to  carry  off  his  purchase,  a  large  body  in  Kelly's  interest  resisted,  and  in  the  affray  a  man  named  Moylan  was  killed.  USURY  —0  VERMARKING  AN  EXECUTION.—A  case  was  tried  in  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench,  Dublin,  on  Monday,  in  which  a  Mr.  Patrick  Molloy,  a  Dublin  money-lender,  was  defendant,  for  usury  and  overmarking  an  execution.  It  appeared  he  had  lent  a  small  sum  of  money,  deducting  3s.  in  the  pound  interest  for  three  months,  and  taking  a  bond  for  the  amount—instead  of  a  bill—with  stay  of  execution  for  three  months.  Several  payments  were  made  during  the  time  of  stay,  but  the  whole  was  not  cleared  off,  and  execution  was  levied.  The  excess  arose  from  the  rule  followed  by  Molloy,  in  charging  six  per  cent.  interest  on  the  whole  sum,  but  not  allowing  for  the  several  payments  made.  The  jury  gave  damages,  which  were  tripled  by  the  court.  Counsel  designated  the  usurers  as  the  curse  of  and  it  would  seem  that  in  this  case  Mr.  Molloy's  aid  was  certainly  no  blessing  to  the  plaintiff.  LINEN  AND  FLAX.—The  Royal  Flax  Society  held  their  annual  meeting  in  Belfast.  The  following  is  a  resume  of  the  results  of  their  exertions,  as  appear  in  the  report  The  best  fibre  exhibited  was  furnished  by  Mr.  Cummins,  county  of  Cork,  and  the  specimens  scotched  in  the  mills  of  the  Messrs.  Norris  Russell,  Limerick,  attracted  much  attention.  The  rapid  increase  of  flax  culture  has  been  astonishing.  In  1848  there  were  only  53,833  acres  under  cultivation-in  1852,  137,008  acres.  In  the  present  year  there  were  175,495  acres,  being  an  increase  of  29  per  cent,  over  last  year's  crop,  and  of  220  per  cent.  over  that  of  1848.  The  increase  in  Munster,  Leinster,  and  Connaught,  as  compared  with  last  year,  is  22  per  cent.,  and  with  1848,  436  per  cent.  The  growth  in  the  provinces  increased  steadily  from  2663  acres  in  1848  to  14,279  in  1853.  We  understand  about  151.  per  acre  is  the  fair  value  of  an  average  flax  crop.  If  so,  the  value  of  this  year's  crop  will  con considerably  siderably considerably  exceed  two  millions  sterling,  whereas  the  crop  in  1848  was  only  worth  800,0001.  The  share  of  the  south  in  the  general  product  will  for  this  year  approach  a  quarter  of  a  million  sterling— sterlinga  a sterlinga  large  accession  to  agricultural  capital,  and  the  more  gratifying  because  there  is  no  fear  that  the  market  will  descend  from  excess  of  supply.  SEDUCTION.—The  scandal-loving  public  in  Dub Dublin  lin Dublin  have  been  on  the  qui  vine  for  - STYLE=superscript  the  last  few  days,  in  expectation  of  an  action  of  the  above  nature,  which  was  expected  to  come  on  against  one  of  our  city  celebrities.  The  gentleman  is  Mr.  William  Dean  Butler,  the  government  architect  He  is  a  sort  of  Hibernian  Chesterfield,  and  having  already  buried  two  wives,  it  might  have  been  thought  that  his  day  for  such  failings  was  gone  by.  Unhappily,  however,  he  did  get  himself  into  a  scrape,  and  as  the  case  was  to  have  come  on  in  the  Queen's  Bench  yesterday,  the  court  was  crowded  to  suffo suffocation.  cation. suffocation.  The  purient  fancies  of  the  spectators  were,  however,  ungratified,  Mr.  Whiteside,  Q,C.,  announcing  on  the  part  of  the  plaintiff,  a  Mrs:  Callaghan,  that  the  matter  had  been  settled  for  20/."
