text
"AIDING  VESSELS  IN  DISTIESS.-THE  LIVER LIVERPOOL  POOL LIVERPOOL  UNDERIV2ITERS.  We  have  great  pleasure  in  placing  before  our  readers  the  subjoined  communications.  The  one  affords  pregnant  evidence  of  the  anxiety  always  felt  by  those  in  official  positions  with  respect  to  whatever  tends  to  the  safety  of  our  mercantile  marine  :  the  other  evinces  the  alacrity  with  which  those  Who  should  reward  all  generous  exertions  in  favour  of  our  ships  and  mariners  in  distress,  are  prepared  to  do  honour  to  the  humanity  of  the  British  sailor:—  (COPY.)  Liverpool,  28th  November,  1853.  Underwriters'  Rooms.  H.  C.  CHAPMAN,  ESQ.,  &amp;C.,  &amp;C.,  Dear  Sir,—Your  letter  of  the  17th,  bringing  under  the  notice  of  the  committee  of  the  Liverpool  Shipwreck  and  Humane  Society,  the  very  praise-worthy  conduct,  both  of  Captain  Drummond,  of  the  and  Captain  Wilson  of  the  on  the  occasion  of  the  latter  falling  in  with  the  former  when  in  great  distress,  was  duly  laid  before  the  committee  at  their  monthly  meeting  on  Saturday,  and  in  reply,  I  have  the  pleasure  to  inform  you,  that  they  unanimously  voted  Captain  Wilson  a  silver  medal  of  the  first  class,  which  I  have  communicated  to  Captain  Drummond,  and  also  their  high  appreciation  of  the  services  of  the  latter  gentleman.—l  remain,  dear  sir,  your  most  obedient  servant,  Signed,  THOMAS  COURT,  Secretary.  (copy.)  Liverpool,  28th  November,  1853.  Underwriters'  Rooms.  CAPTAIN  DRUMMOND,  ship  Continent.  Sir,—Mr.  Chapman,  the  receiver  of  Droits,  having  brought  under  the  notice  of  the  Liverpool  Shipwreck  and  Humane  Society,  the  very  praiseworthy  and  noble  conduct  of  Cffstain  . STYLE=superscript  Wilson,  of  the  Philanthropist,  on  the  occasion  of  falling  in  with  your  ship,  the  in  a  very  leaky  state,  by  which  you  were  enabled  to  retain  your  crew  on  board,  and  eventually  to  bring  the  Continent  safely  into  port,  the  committee  have  unanimously  voted  Captain  Wilson  a  silver  medal  of  the  first-class,  in  testi testimony  mony testimony  of  their  approbation;  and  have  further  directed  me  to  convey  to  you  their  high  appreciation  of  the  firmness,  skill,  and  perseverance  displayed  by  you  under  the  very  trying  circumstances  which  resulted,  in  the  security  of  the  ship.  —I  remain,  sir,  your  most  obedient  servant,  (Signed)  THOMAS  COORT,  Secretary."
