text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  The  state  of  our  columns,  crowded  as  they  are  with  reports  of  proceedings  of  local  interest,  must  be  our  excuse  for  the  omission  not  only  of  articles  of  general  news,  but  of  cor correspondence  respondence correspondence  also,  of  local  import.  Among  the  latter  is  a  communication  from  Manchester  already  noticed.  .•  .  .  A  second  letter  from  has  been  reeeived.  Its  insertion  would  necessarily  involve  a  reply  ;  but  the  multiplicity  of  other  matters  which  crowd  upon  us,  forbid  our  giving  at attention  tention attention  to  the  subject,  at  least  for  the  present.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLFs  IVILLmEn,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  P.littlitrit  101*  THEATRE  !ROYAL  MISS  FITZPATRICK,  whose  successful  debut  in  Lon London,  don, London,  and  subsequent  tour  in  the  United  States,  have  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  her  as  one  of  the  principal  artistes  in  comedy,  is  engaged  for  TEN  nights  only,  and  will  make  her  second  ap appenance  penance appenance  in  Liverpool,  this  present  WEDNESDAY  evening  the  ith  inst.,  in  THE  LOVE  CHASE.  Constance,  Miss  Fitzpatrick.  To  conclude  with  THE  LOTTERY  TICKET.  Admission  :  Dress  Boxes,  4s.  ;  Upper  Boxes,  3s.  ;  Pit,  2s.  ;  Gallery,  Is.  Doors  open  at  half-past  six.  Performances  commence  at  seven  o'clock  precisely.  The  Box  Office  is  open  from  Ten  till  Three  o'clock  daily,  for  securing  Seats  and  taking  Private  boxes,  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  T.  Shuttleworth.  Children  in  - STYLE=superscript  arms  not  admitted.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  Sole  Lessee,  Hr.  TV.  R.  Copeland,  15,  Great  Charlotte-street.  PABLO  FANQUE  Respectfully  announces  that  he  has  OPENED  the  above  AMPHITHEATRE  FOR  A  LIMITED  SEASON,  with  one  of  the  largest  Companies  of  EQUESTRIANS  now  travelling— travellingcomposed  composed travellingcomposed  of  all  Nations—Europe,  Asia,  Africa,  and  America!  An  extensive  stud  of  TRAINED  HORSES  and  PONIES,  PERFORMING  MONKEYS,  DOGS,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  The  Entertainments  are  agreeably  diversified  by  those  UNRIVALLED  SONS  OF  MOMUS,  Messrs.  HENRY  BROWN  and  S.  LOCKHART.  Doors  open  at  a  quarter  to  seven  o'clock,  and  the  Per Performance  formance Performance  to  commence  at  half-past  seven.  Prices  of  Admission—Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  2s.  6d.;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Stalls,  ls.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  SecOnd  Price—Dress  Circle,  2s.  ;  Side  Boxes,  Is.  6d.  ;  Pit;  ls.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Second  Price  taken  at  nine  o'clock  to  the  Dress  Circle,  Side  Boxes,  and  Pit  only.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament  Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  This  evening  (Wednesday),  ALEXANDER  THE  GREAT.  Alexander,  Mr.  George  Walton  ;  Rosana,  Miss  Marriot  ;  after  which,  THE  RAVENS  OF  ORLEANS.  To  con conclude  clude conclude  with  the  EMIGRANT'S  DAUGHTER.  Doors  open  at  half-past  six,  commence  at  seven.  Admis Admission,  sion, Admission,  Private  Boxes,  2s.  ;  Boxes,  ls.  ;  Pit,  6d.  ;  Gallery,  3d.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  THIS  DAY—Morning,  3h.  69m....  Afternoon,  4h.  32ni.  WEDNESDAY,  DECEMBER  7,  1853.  •  IT  is  not  an  unusual  occurrence,  it  would  appear,  in  this  town,  for  those  who  are  directly  entrusted  with  the  preservation  of  the  law  to  be  the  first  and  readiest  to  violate  it.  The  police,  generally  speaking,  are  a  most  efficient  body,  and  admirably  adapted  for  the  purposes  for  which  they  were  intended  by  the  Legislature.  And,  no  doubt,  the  public  are  but  too  willing.  to  overlook  any  slight  indiscretions  on  their  part,  owing  to  these  con considerations.  siderations. considerations.  But  there  are  times  when  they  both  palpably  violate  the  law,  and  step  far  beyond  the  limits  of  their  duty,  when  no  palliation  can  be  offered  for  their  officiousness,  and  when  their  petty  assumption  of  authority  merits  severe  castigation.  Those  entrusted  with  such  power  as  the  police  possess,  should  be  extremely  chary  in  the  employ employment  ment employment  of  it,  and  instead  of.  going  beyond  rather  keep  within  the  boundary  assigned  to  them.  From  our  police  report  of  yesterday,  it  will  be  seen  that  the  Messrs.  RILEY  were  placed  in  the  dock  on  the  charge  of  assisting  the  escape  of  Mr  M'CURTIN,  who  lately  committed  a  forgery  of  an  ex extensive  tensive extensive  nature  on  Sir  DAVID  ROCHE,  of  Limerick.  We  venture  to  say  that  such  another  bungling  affair  never  came  before  a  judicial  bench,  or  such  a  hum•drum,  patched-up  story  ever  met  the  public  ear  !  With  all  its  demerits  it  has  the  merit  of  originality  !  Mr.  CLOUGH,  the  police  superintendent,  was  the  first  to  giVe  his  evidence,  which  consisted  in  a  reiteration  of  the  facts  of  the  forgery  committed  by  Mr.  M'CURTIN,  but  which  was  entirely  irrelevant  to  the  charge  alleged  against  the  gentlemen  in  the  dock.  After  his  tiresome  rigmarole  was  ended,  he  said,  with  regard  to  the  aiding  and  assisting  in  the  escape  of  Mr.M'CunTIN,  he  would  just  submit  the  evidence  which  he  had  to  prove  the  case.  And  what  was  that  evidence  ?  Why  the  first  witness,  SULLIVAN,  swore  that  he  was  a  detective  officer,  and  that  Mr.  CLOUGH  gave  him  instructions  to  '  visit  Mr.  RILEY'S  house  and  make  inquiries  for  his  absconding  partner.  Upon  his  doing  so,  he  found  the  Messrs.  RILEY  leaving  their  residence  in  a  cab,  and  he  arrests  them  on  the  charge  of  being,  accessories  after  the  fact,  which  charge  is  most  perseveringly  alleged  in  court.  However,  before  any  positive  evidence  is  offered,  up  gets  Mr.  CLOUGH,  and  informs  the  court,  to  its  amazement,  no  doubt  !  that  just  that  moment,  the  lady  upon  whose  testimony  the  whole  allegation  rested,  informed  him  that  she  had  been  entirely  mistaken  as  to  the  identity  of  Mr.  IN/Tull:rug,  as  she  mistook  the  younger  Mr.  RILEY  for  the  author  of  the  forgery.  Upon  which  the  accused  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  were  immediately  discharged  from  .eustedy  ;  the  magistrate  testifying  that  the  unjust  deten detention  tion detention  of  the  Messrs.  RILEY,  on  such  a  henious  charge  ought  not,  in  the  mind  of  any  body,  ope operate  rate operate  to  their  prejudice,  as  it  appeared  they  had  been  arrested  under  a  mistake,  but  that  if  there  was  any  injury  received  they  had  their  proper  remedy.  It  is  our  candid  opinion  that  the  whole  affair  has  been  botched  by  the  police  authorities  That  the  Solicitor  to  the  Bank  had  no  hand,  act  s  or  part  in  the  nasty  transaction,  is  clear,  as  Mr.  AsPIN AsPINALL,  ALL, AsPINALL,  the  barrister,  stated  that  that  gentleman  repudi repudiated  ated repudiated  it  altogether.  That  the  detective  officer  had  acted  upon  his  personal  authority  is  very  doubtful  ;  but  it  is  more  doubtful  still  that  he  should  have  been  led  astray  by  the  statement  of  a  lady.  Detectives  are  not  such  fools  !  They  know  well  the  scent  of  their  prey  ;  and  if  at  all  comeatable,  can  with  the  instinct  - STYLE=superscript  of  a  blood-hound  trace,  track,  and  pounce  upon  it.  Is  it  likely  that  SULLIVAN  had  not  in  his  pocket  a  full  and  true  description  of  the  pretended  object  of  his  search?  Is  it  possible  that  he  could  wilfully  and  knowingly  mistake  one  party  for  another  ?  Is  it  to  be  believed  that  he  was  ignorant  of  such  a  gentleman  as  Mr.  RILEY,  jun.  ?  And  when  the  lady  told  him  of  the  father  accompanying  Air.  M'CURTIN,  did  it  not  at  all  occur  to  him  that  she  might  have  been  mistaken  as  to  the  identity  of  the  culprit.  There  is  some something  thing something  at  the  bottom  of  all  this,  which  must  be  sifted  and  exposed  to  public  censure.  If  SULLIVAN  has  been  so  rash  as  to  have  taken  such  reprehensible  authority  upon  himself,  he  deserves  to  be  directly  discharged  from  the  force.  But  if  it  can  be  shown,  which  is  likely,  that  he  has  merely  been  the  instru instrument  ment instrument  in  the  hands  of  his  superiors,  then  we  say,  let  those  parties  be  dealt  with  even  in  a  severer  manner.  We  hope  that  the  Messrs.  RILEY  will  in institute  stitute institute  a  suit  at  law,  in  order  to  seek  reparation  for  the  illegal  and  barbarous  treatment  they  have  received.  The  police  have  been  appointed  to  aid  in  the  maintenance  of  law  and  order.  When  they  are  the  first  to  transgress,  they  most  righteously  deserve  condign  punishment.  We  justly  boast  of  personal  liberty  in  this  country  ;  but  if  such  unwarrantable  authority  as  the  police,  from  time  to  time,  assume,  be  permitted  to  go  unrequited,  we  shall  soon  be  in  a  similar  position  with  the  subjects  of  continental  despots.  No  man  can  be  sure  of  his  safety  for  four-and-twenty  hours  together;  and  as  for  our ourselves,  selves, ourselves,  we  have  no  certainty  but  that  in  our  mid midnight  night midnight  peregrinations  from  our  office,  we  might  chance  to  be  taken  for  a  burglar  or  assassin  !  The  idea  of  such  pericletation  is  anything  but  consola•  tory.  If  such  an  open  violation  of  duty  as  we  have  alluded  to,  be  permitted  to  go  unpunished,  then  we  say,  farewell  to  the  justice  of  our  laws—the  spirit  of  our  constitution—and  the  glory  of  our  country.  Then  the  language  employed  by  HASTINGS,  in  King  RICHARD  111.,  would  not  at  all  prove  a  false  augury  :  Miserable  England  !  I  prophecy  the  fearful'st  time  for  thee  That  ever  wretched  age  hath  look'd  THE  growth  of  empire,  the  value  of  dominion,  may  be  traced  by  a  glance  at  the  remotest  village,  or  the  smallest  hamlet  embraced  within  its  grasp.  The  cabin  of  the  Irish  peasant.—  The  log-hut  of  the  squatter  in  newly-acquired  territories.—The  rose-crowned  cottage  of  the  English  labourer,—and  the  wild  and  lonely  abode  of  the  Highlander,  are  the  landmarks  by  which  we  are  enabled  to  trace  the  march  of  empire.  From  the  threshold  of  the  peasant  who  has  been  out-run  by  civilisation,  and  the  pioneer  who  goes  in  advance  of  dominion,  we  witness  the  same  result.  Majestic  cities  filled  with  temples  of  religion.—Schools  of  classic  learn learning.—Halls  ing.—Halls learning.—Halls  for  the  study  of  man's  material  condi condition.—Courts  tion.—Courts condition.—Courts  for  the  administration  of  justice.—  Storehouses  for  the  reception  of  food  and  luxuries  for  millions  of  beings.—Places  assigned  for  the  safe  custody  of  the  people's  treasure.—Harbours  for  the  reception  of  the  world's  ships.—Almshouses  for  the  indigent.—Hospitals  .for  the  sick,  and  huge  marts  of  industry—homesteads-  of  employ employment,  ment, employment,  where,  by  the  knowledge  of  a  simple  art  or  science,  millions  of  souls  are  enabled  to  exist  in  comfort  and  in  affluence.  Such  are  the  cities  of  these  modern  times,  and  such  is  Liverpool.  Look  back  upon  the  old  Nor Nornan  nan Nornan  castle,  and  the  primitive  fisherman's  hut  of  tie  seventeenth  century,  and  then  cast  the  eye  song  the  banks  _or  the  Mersey,  and  over  the  broad  area  of  the  town  to-day,  and  nark  the  progress.  'Jake  up  BRAITHWAITE  POOLE'S  hand-book  of  the  ommerce  of  Liverpool,  .and,  if  vanity  were  less  Ticked  than  suicide,  we  might  sit  down  in  our  tiumph,  and  let  posterity  shift  for  itself.  But  here  is  work  still  to  be  done.  A  brilliant  career  thould  have  no  end.  Suppose  England  had  sat  sown  quietly  at  the  end  of  the  last  war,  to  live  on  the  spoils  of  victory,  where  should  we  be  able  to  find  Liverpool,  Manchester,  Preston,  Birmingham,  and  the  many  other  large  towns  around  us?  In  order  to  enable  the  reader  to  form  a  correct  idea  of  the  magnitude  and  importance  of  the  trade  )f  this  port,  we  will  quote  a  few  passages  from  Mr.  POOLE'S  book  Liverpool  is  the  chief  emporium  for  Cotton  in  the  world,  the  imports  into  which  market,  during  the  last  ten  years,  at  average  prices  have  exceeded  in  , STYLE=superscript  value  14,000,0001.  per  c'  annum  ;  the  remittances  and.•  payments  such  '  working  cloSely  approach  50,000/.  ;  and  the  brokerage  alone,  at  one-half  per  cent.,  including  spceulative  transactions  distributed  amongst  a  hundred  cotton-brokers,  has  been  estimated  at  Let,us  here  reflect  for  one  moment  on  the  mutual  advantages  which  England  and  the  cotton-gr  Owing  countries  derive  'from  this  source.  In  the  first  ten  months  of  the  present  tear,  England  exported  ,no  less  than  27,152,7711.  of  other  manufactures,  so  that  on  her  import  of  14,000,0001.  of  the  raw  material  she  realised  a  profit  of  13,152,7711.,  in  addition  to  supplying  the  wants  of  her  own  people,  while  the  payment  or  14,000,000/.  to  the  cotton  growers  was  not  less  profit profitable  able profitable  to  the  producer.  Mr.  POOLE  next  tells  us,  that  the  total  miscellaneous  traffic  in  the  port  of  Liverpool,  that  is,  exclusive  of  the  coasting  trade  and  minerals,  nearly  one-half  consists  of  two  corn 'corn'  modities—cotton  and  timber;  and  it  is  remark 'remark'  able  that,  during  the  last  year,  1852,,  the  imports  each  averaged  1,000  tons  daily.  About  six 'six'  sevenths  of  the  cotton  is  brought  from  the  southern  states  of  North  America,  which  produce  upwards  of  three-fourths  of  the  entire'  growth  of  the  world  ;  and  as  nearly  four-fifths  of  this  American  production  is  purchased  by  spinners,  in  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,'  it  is  reasonable  to  suppose  that  the  bulk  of  this  traffic  will  always  pass  through  Here  our  author  is  quite  right,  for  independently  altogether  of  our  close  proximity  to  the  great  seats  of  manufacturing  enterprise,  there  is  no  port  in  the  kingdom  capable  of  containing  to  the  same  advantage,  the  immense  amount  of  shipping  required  to  carry  on  such  a  traffic.  Yet  what  is  all  our  foreign  trade  compared  to  our  coasting  traffic  ?  The  number  of  ships  employed  in  our  foreign  trade  is  only  29,866,  with  an  aggregate  tonnage  of  6,546,320;  while  the  minaber  of  vessels  engaged  on  our  coasts  is  123,599,  with  an  aggregate  tonnage  of  11,350,010.  These  figures  being  taken  from  the  returns  of  the  entries  inwards  and  outwards,  in  both  cases,  show  exactly  the  magnitude  of  one  traffic  when  compared  with  the  other.  With  respect  to  our  Cotton  trade,  Mr.  PooLE  also  states  that  the  imports  of  cotton  into  Great  Britain  are  entirely  centralised  in  the  port  of  Liverpool,  with  the  exception  of  about  150,000  bales.  Upwards  of  •  five-sixth's  of  the  cotton  imported  is  ware  housed  in  Liverpool  before  being  dispatched  into  the  country  for  consump consumption.  tion. consumption.  The  Stock  held  in  the  port  31st  December  last  was  estimated  at  577,810  bales,  exceeding  in  value  5,778,000/.  Even  the  Cotton  imported  into  London,  Hull,  and  other  sea-ports,  if  not  sold  direct  to  the  spinners  or  re-exported,  is  frequently  sent  to  Liverpool  for  sale  ;  and  the  number  of  bales  brought  by  inland  communi 'communi'  cation  last  year  rather  exceeded  4,000.  The  increased  accommodation  afforded  by  rail railways,  ways, railways,  for  the  transit  of  cotton  into  the  interior,  has  materially  helped  to  increase  the  trade.  Of  the  2,000,000  bales  forwarded  inland  last  year,  it  ap appears  pears appears  the  railways  carried  1,243,176,  and  the  river  and  canals  744,364.  .0f  this  large  quantity  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  takes  20  per  cent.  ;  Ashton  and  Staly Stalybridge,  bridge, Stalybridge,  13;  Rochdale,  12;  Bury,  Bacup,  &amp;c.,  9  ;  Oldham,  81;  Stockport,  8  ;  Preston,  61;  Bolton,  6  ;  Hull,  5  ;  Glossop,  4;  and  other  places  1  per  cent.  It  would  be  difficult  to  form  an  idea  of  the  advan advantages  tages advantages  which  accrue  to  the  country  generally,  from  the  importation  and  use  of  this  one  commodity.  In  addition  to  yielding  a  large  income  to  all  our  established  means  of  transit,  it  leaves  a  profit  with  the  shipowner,  merchant,  broker,  warehouseman,.  the  engineer,  the  operative,  his  wife  and  children,  and  the  mill  owner;  and  when  it  becomes  a  _  .  manu manufactured  factured manufactured  article  it  passes  away  into  another  circle,  where  it  leaves  an  equal,  if  not  a  greater,  number  of  profits.  In  taking  to  herself  by  far  the  greater  share  of  the  credit  due  to  the  establishment  of  the  cotton  trade,  Liverpool  seeks  no  more  than  her  right.  If  it  was  not  for  the  encouragement  given  by  a  few  far-seeing  men  of  this  town  to  the  first  venture  that  was  made  to  introduce  it  into  England,  the  traffic  we  boast  of  would  not  be  in  existence.  There  are  other  branches  of  trade  and  commerce,  however,  of  nearly  equal  value  and  importance  to  which  we  shall  draw  attention  at  an  early  date.  Accrumrr.—A  man,  named  James  Walker,  residing  in  Trueman-street,  fell  from  the  roof  of  a  house  in  Peter's Peter'slane,  lane, Peter'slane,  and,  strange  to  say,  none  of  his  limbs  were  broken,  and  he  escaped  with  the  exception  of  a  few  slight  bruises.  The  above  case  was  received  at  the  Infirmary.  SUICIDE  IN  THE  QUEEN'S  HOTEL.—Oa  Monday,  a  very  painful  case  of  self-destruction  took  place  at  Mr.  Curchods,  the  Queen's  Hotel,  Lime-street,  in  this  town.  The  unfor unfortunate  tunate unfortunate  man  who  destroyed  himself  was  named  James  Smith,  a  native  of  Aberdeen,  who  had  been  for  some  time  in  the  employ  of  the  Cunard  company,  in  the  capacity  of  mate  of  one  of  the  British  and  North  American  mail  steamers;  but  who  it  appears  had  recently  been  discharged  for,  it  is  stated,  unsteady  habits.  On  Thursday  evening,  the  deceased  went  to  stop  at  the  Queen's  Hotel,  and  nothing  peculiar  was  observed  in  his  manner  to  lead  to  the  belief  that  he  would  attempt  self-destruction.  On  Thursday,  or  Friday  last,  the  deceased  obtained,  from  Mr.  Wingate,  druggist,  Elliott Elliottstreet,  street, Elliottstreet,  to  whom  he  had  been  introduced  by  Mr.  Fisher,  senior  surgeon  of  the  Cunard  line  of  mail  boats,  a  quantity  of  prussic  acid  of  full  strength.  Mr.  Fisher  had  formerly  prescribed  prussic  acid  for  the  deceased  in  a  diluted  state,  and  he  represented  to  Mr.  Wingate  that  Mr.  Fisher  had  directed  him  to  obtain  it  undiluted,  as  what  he  had  before  taken  medicinally,  had  not  had  a  proper  effect.  On  those  represen representations  tations representations  Mr.  Wingate  gave  him  prussic  acid.  Smith  was  last  seen  alive  between  12  and  1  o'clock,  a.m.  '  on  Monday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  when  he  obtained  a  light  from  Bridget  Riley,  the  chambermaid  of  the  Queen's  Hotel,  for  the  purpose  of  goinc  , STYLE=superscript  to  bed.  At  this  time  he  seemed  to  be  very  cheerful.  The  deceased  then  retired  to  his  room,  but  as  he  did  not  make  his  appearance  at  a  reasonable  hour  next  morning,  the  chamber chambermaid  maid chambermaid  concluded  he  had  left  his  room  unobserved,  and  finding  the  door  was  unfastened,  she  entered  the  room  about  four  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  and  saw  the  deceased  lying  in  the  bed  undressed.  His  face  seemed  pale,  and  this  led  her  to  believe  he  was  dead,  and  she  immediately  raised  an  alarm.  Mr.  Carolan,  surgeon,  was  called  in,  an  on  examining  the  bed,  he  found  a  bottle  which  had  contained  prussic  acid,  and  the  deceased  smelt  strongly  of  it.  This  at  once  led  him  to  the  conclusion  that  life  had  been  destroyed  by  means  of  poison.  Mr.  Carolan  also  found  a  small  slip  of  paper,  on  which  was  written  in  pencil  the  following  words  The  underneath  will  be  understood---Had  more  leniency  been  shown  this  would  never  have  happenel---disgrace  from  such  a  quarter  is  On  the  person  of  the  deceased  was  found,  a  letter  directed  to  his  sister,  Miss  Smith,  34,  Chapel-street,  Aberdeen,  in  which  he  tells  her  that  he  had  exposed  himself  to  all  sorts  of  hard  weather  in  different  climates  ;  that  his  constitution  was  breaking  up  ;  and  to  be  cast  adrift  upon  the  world  was  insufferable.  lie  added,  you  get  this,  the  hand  that  wrote  it  will  be  cold  in  death.  Mr.  Blake,  the  beadle  of  the  coroner's  court,  also  found  on  the  deceased,  amongst  other  papers,  a  first firstclass  class firstclass  master-seaman's  certificate.  Yesterday,  an  inquest  was  held  on  the  body,  and  a  verdict  of  self-  destruction,  whilst  labogaing  under  temporary  insanity,  was  returned.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  The  specie  brought  by  the  America  amounts  to  433,130  dollars.  This  will  be  a  valuable  addition  to  the  large  quantity  brought  by  .  the  Orinoco.  The  intelligence  brought  by  this  vessel,  having  been  so  fully  given  in  our  paper  of  yesterday,  it  is  un unnecessary  necessary unnecessary  to  reprint  it  here.  Its  importance,  however,  is  sufficient  to  show  that  we  spare  no  pains  or  expense  in  obtaining  advices,  even  later  than  any  other  paper  in  England.  This  fact  must  be  universally  admitted,  and  cannot  be  lost  on  a  commercial  community.  The  receipts  of  Cotton  .  advices  from  America,  for  the  week  ending  23rd  November,  continue  limited,  being  only  63,732  bales,  against  108,691  for  the  corresponding  week  last  year.  The  exports  to  Great  Britain  are  also  on  a  very  moderate  scale,  being,  only  14,759  against  59,699.  The  total  receipts  to  23rd  November,  are  352,381  Against"
