text
"FURTHER  PARTICULARS  We  yesterday  published  an  account  of  a  frightfiul  accident  which  happened  on  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  Rail Railway  way Railway  of  Ireland,  on  Wednesday  night.  We  now  give  more  detailed  particulars  of  the  deplorable  event,  including  the  proceedings  at  the  inquest,  which  was  opened  yesterday.  Since  the  announcement  of  the  fatal  occurrence,  quite  a  gloom  has  been  cast  over  the  city.  People  talk  of  nothing  else.  This  being  actually  the  first  terrible  accident  of  the  kind  in  Ireland,  has  infused  a  sort  of  horror  into  everybody,  and  indeed  there  :are  only  few  in  Dublin,  who  have  not  some  friends  or  acquaintances  in  some  wav  injured  by  this  calamity.  There  have  been  thirteen  death's  up  to  the  piesent,  but  there  are  six  more  still  in  a  preca precarious  rious precarious  state,  five  at  Stephens's  hospital  in  Dublin,  and  one  at  Straffan,  the  place  near  which  the  accident  happened.  It  is  said  there  are  altogether  about  fifty  people,  more  or  less  injured.  There  have  been  eleven  bodies  already  iden identified,  tified, identified,  namely  those  of  Mr.  M'Sweeney,  solicitor,  and  his  wife,  Kenmare  ;  Mr.  T.  W.  Jelly,  of  Straboe,  Queen's  County,  one  of  the  most  extensiye  farmers  in  Ireland;  Mr.  Egan,  Shopkeeper,  Parsonstown  ;  Mr.  Christopher  M'Nally,  a  solicitor  in  very  good  practice  in  Dublin  ;  Mr.  Bateman,  Cork  ;  Joseph  Sherwood  ;  with  the  following  ladies  :—Clare  Kerwan,  Abbey-street,  Dublin;  Margaret  Leathby,  Eccles-street,  Dublin  ;  Mrs.  Knapp  and  Miss  Palmer,  English  ladies.  On  the  body  of  another  lady,  a  prayer-book  has  been  found  with  the  name  of  Kate  Hamilton  Plaines  ;  and  there  also  remains  the  corpse  of  a  gentleman  unknown.  -  Captain  Collis,  master  of  the  Times  steamer,  which,  it  will  be  recollected,  was  blown  up  a  short  time  since,  near  the  Pigeon-house  fort,  was  amongst  the  passengers.  .  He  appears  to  have  acted,  after  the  fatal  occurrence,  in  a  manner  which  cannot  be  too  much  lauded.  He  exerted  himself  most  strenuously  in  extricating  the  wounded  passengers,  and,  but  for  his  presence  of  mind,  many  more  lives,  as  will  be  seen,  might  have  been  lost.  He  has  given  a  clear  and  succint  account  of  all  the  circumstances,  which,  in  itself  shows  how  well  he  must  have  retained  his  self-possession  all  through.  Captain  Collis  states,  that  shortly  after  passing  '  Pallins  station,  which  is  about  twenty  miles  from  Dublin,  the  train  stopped,  and  he,  with  five  others,  got  out  to  ascer ascertain  tain ascertain  the  cause.  They  then  discovered  that  something  was  the  matter  with  the  engine,  which  hindered  its  further  pro progress,  gress, progress,  and  that,  as  a  goods  train  was  expected  within  half halfan-hour  an-hour halfan-hour  Mr.  Croker  Barrington,  one  of  the  solicitors  of  the  Company,  who  happened  to  be  a  passenger,  had  sent  a  man  back  with  a  red  signal  light,  as  a  warning  to  the  driver  of  the  goods  train  engine.  The  messenger  had  been  gone  from  ten  to  fifteen  proceeds  Captain  Collis,  we  saw  the  lights  of  the  cattle  train  approaching.  We  all  thought  of  course,  it  was  coming  along  quite  slow.  Mr.  Jelly,•  who  had  got  out,  stepped  back  into  the  doorway  of  his  carriage  In  it  also  were  two  English  ladies,  the  wife  and  sister  of  an,  English  gentleman.  They  wanted  to  get  out,  but  Mr.  Jelly  bid  them  not  stir,  as  he  was  going  to  get  in  himself.  Mr..  Kelly,  another  gentleman,  was  also  about  to  step  in,  he  having  left  his  carrirge  pr  eviously,  when  I  said  :  Stop  a  little,  there  is  no  hurry  ;  the  train  will  not  go  without  some  warning,  and,  at  all  events,  you  and  I  are  active  enough  to  jump  on  it  if  it  should  ;  but  just  wait  till  this  train  comes  !  said  he,  is  merely  walking  up  to  us  ;  but,  nevertheless,  he  waited.  I  stepped  close  to  the  line,  and  cast  my  eye  along,  when  I  saw,  by  the  reflection  of  the  light  upon  the  shining  rails,  that  it  was  coming  at  full  speed,  and  I  heard  by  the  beat  of  the  engine  that  the  steam  was  not  eased  off.  lat  once  shouted  out,  Good  she  is  coming  at  full  speed—look  out,  look  out  !  and  I  jumped  over  the  wire  fence  into  the  field,  and  looked  around  me.  I  saw  the  cattle  train  running  right  into  the  last  carriage  of  the  passenger  train,  indeed  through  it.  In  an  instant  all  was  in  a  pile  of  ruin..  I  ran  back  and  saw  the  driver  of  the  cattle  train,  who  seemed  horrified  at  the  frightful  calamity.  I  asked  him  was  he  hurt  ?  He  replied,  No,  but  I'll  never  get  over  He  then  proceeded  to  assist  the  wounded  passengers.  I  perceived  that  the  steam  was  being  generated,  and  that  in  a  minute  more  we  would  all  be  blown  away  by  the  explosion  of  the  engine,  andl  sang  out  for  the  engineer  and  bid  himblow  off  the  steam.  He  did  so,  and  then  we  set  to  Captain  Collis  then  gives  an  appalling  description  of  the  scene  of  ruin  which  he  witnessed.  They  first  found  the  dead  bodies  of  two  women,  and  near  them  that  of  a  priest  or  friar.  After  extricating  several  ladies  and  gentlemen,  who  were  more  or  less  severely  injured,  they  next  came  to  the  body  of  Kr.  Jelly,  which  could  hardly  be  recognised,  his  head  being  torn  and  smashed  off,  his  legs  both  cut  off,  his  body  torn  up,  and  his  clothes  torn  all  off  him.  Having  adjusted  the  corpse,  they  found  the  two  English  ladies  quite  dead,  and  mutilated  in  a  horrible  manner.  One  of  them  had  a  little  baby  in  her  arms,  which  was  and  is  still  alive.  continues  the  narrator,  went  to  the  first-class  carriage  that  had.  been  first  struck  by  the  engine,  and  there  we  saw  the  bodies  of  two  ladie,  apparently  cut  in  two  at  the  waist.  Near  . STYLE=superscript  them  was  the  body  of  another  lady,  whose  dress  only  we  could  see,  she  was  so  buried  in  the  ruins.  The  cries  of  a  little  boy  then  attracted  me  ;  he  was  about  eight  years  old:  He  was  lying  under  the  axletree  of  a  carriage,  which  had  broken  both  his  legs,  and  was  lying  across  them.  With  great  diffi difficulty  culty difficulty  we  got  him  out  by  raising  the  axle  with  a  crowbar.  I"
