text
"NOTICE  The  Proprietors  of  the  NOGTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  have  now  completed  their  arrangements  for  securing  the  delivery  of  the  paper  at  the  following  places  _  ..  every  morning,  at,  or  before  eight  o'clock.  BIRKENHEAD  WO  OD  SIDE  TRANMERE  ROCK  FERRY  WATERLOO  S  EAFORTH  BOOTLE  WALTON  EVERTON  FAIRFIELD  AIGBURTII.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer  ;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CH.ARLES  WILMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  THURSDAY,  NOVEMBER  24,  1853.  IN  our  impression  of  yesterday  we  published  the  CHAPLAIN'S  Report  of  the,Borough  Gaol,  for  the  year  ending  the  30th  September.  As  it  happens  to  be  an  important  document,  and  gives  an  account  of  crime  and  criminals  in  Liverpool,  we  shall  lay  before  our  readers  some  comments  thereupon.  It  appears  that  crime  is  materially  on  the  de decrease,  crease, decrease,  that  the  commitments  are  fewer,  and  that  the  daily  average  of  prisoners  confined  in  gaol  have  diminished  by  100.  This,  would,  indeed,  be  cheering  intelligence  were  we  not  informed  that  such  a  condition  of  things  is  by  no  means  attri attributable  butable attributable  to  any  improvement  in  the  moral  and  social  condition  of  our  population;  that  it  neither  arises  from  deterring  influences  or  penal  but  is  solely  and  wholly  to  be  ascribed  to  a  far  different  cause,  viz  :—increased.  employment  and  remunerative  wages.  This  fact  speaks  volumes.  It  shows  that  the  causes  which  predispose  to  crime  are  most  fre frequently  quently frequently  exterior;  and  that  where  one  person  is  induced  from  innate  depravity  and  lack  of  moral  sentiment  to  perpetrate  evil  daeds,  ninety-nine  per persons  sons persons  are  urged  thereto  by  bitter  necessity.  Unfortu  nately,  are  s,  all  more  or  less  the  creatures  of  cir circumstances.  cumstances. circumstances.  , STYLE=superscript  nd  there  can  be  little  doubt  but  •  that  many  who..kow  justly  boast  of  great  virtues,  had  they  been  exTosed  to  the  contagious  influen influen.4  .4 influen.4  •,..-ces  of  pover:y,  disease,  and  filthy  habitations,  like  ,sB.l  our  criminal  population,  would  exactly  be  in  a  like  position  with  thaie  unfortunates.  Society  is  a  7  - STYLE=superscript  stern  N  - STYLE=superscript  EmEsis.  'lt  creates  an  abnormal  social  ..coudition;  and  then  punishes  the  individuals  who  become  deteriorated  in  consequence.  It  makes  the  offender,  and  demands  satisfaction  fo.rthe  offence.  And  this  is,  Justice  !  What  Society  should  do  is,  to  lay  the  axe  to  the  root  of  the  evil,  and  by  removing  the  first  cause  of  crime  save  itself  from  the  inflic infliction  tion infliction  of  criminals..  What  can  we  expect  under  our  present  social  regime?  A  teeming  population,  an annually  nually annually  increasing,  is  growing  up  in  our  midst.  We  know  little  about  them,  and  we  care  less.  The  poor  flock  together  in  low,  damp,  dirty  localities,  where  reeking  miasma  ever  aboundswhere  the  demon  of  Pestilence  loves  to  linger  and  riot—and  where  virtue  is  sure  to  expire.  We  fly  the  scene  —inhabit  fine  villas  and  beautiful  mansions—and  fancy  poverty  and  vice  to  be  curses  of  people's  own  crea creating.  ting. creating.  True,  we  build  fine  churches  and  school schoolrooms,  rooms, schoolrooms,  and  some  kind  people  visit  those  plague plaguesmitten  smitten plaguesmitten  localities,  and  distribute  coals  and  tracts.  But  the  churches  are  useless,  and  the  schools  too  ;  and  though  the  coals  are  sure  to  be  consumed,  the  tracts  are  never  read.  Now,  we  repeat,  what  can  be  expected  under  such  circumstances.  We  suffer  a  large  mass  of  moral  corruption  to  exist  in  the  heart  of  our  social  system  ;  and  we  make  no  further  efforts  to  remedy  it  than  to  erect  prisons,  and  devise  punishments,  and  inflict  death  !  Is  it  any  wonder  that  we  should  be,  as  we  are,  the  sufferers  in  the  end  ?  The  MALTHUSIAN  theory  is  now  exploded.  That  was  a  stupid  and  impracticable  means  to  an  end.  As  far  as  that  goes,  it  would  be  a  more  effectual  plan  to  collect  all  our  criminals  together,  and  fling  them  into  the  Mersey.  But  even  this  would  not  suffice  ;  for  the  same  class  would  speedily  accumulate  again;  and  we  might  go  on  for  ever  without  dimi diminishing  nishing diminishing  either  the  number  of  criminals  or  the  ex-  tent  of  crime.  Get  rid,  say  some,  of  the  surplus  population.  'Tis  all  bosh!  There  will  always  be  a  surplus  population.  A  population  cannot  be  too  great,  provided  a  country  be  well  governed.  Marriage  cannot  be  an  imprudence,  or  children  a  burden,  according  to  COLERIDGE,  where  such  is  the  Society  holds  precisely  the  same  position  as  a  parent.  And  do  what  we  might,  we  cannot  relieve  ourselves  from  moral  responsibility  with  re  spect  to  our  criminal  classes.  The  morally  depraved,  and  the  physically  infirm,  should  meet  with  a  similar  treatment.  But  how  do  we  act?  Why,  we  build  hospitals  for  the  one,  pay  physicians  and  nurses  to  attend  upon  them,  and  afford  all  needful  comforts  until  health  be  restored.  So  far  so  good.  But  we  adopt  a  course  diametrically  opposite  with  regard  to  the  other.  We  pack  them  off  in  closely-covered  waggons  to  gloomy  prisons,  where  the  atmosphere  reeks  with  moral  poison,  and  where,  if  they  are  not  starved,  worked  to  death,  or  have  not  resort  to  suicide  in  order  to  escape  the  cruelties  inflicted  by  inhuman  brutes  of  governors,  they  invariably  return  to  society  seven  times  more  wicked,  incorrigible,  and  depraved.  Only  observe  the  fatal  policy  pursued  with  re reference  ference reference  to  juvenile  delinquents,  with  which  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  more  especially  abounds.  After  the  period  of  imprisonment  to  which  they  have  been  con consigned  signed consigned  expires,  they,  for  the  most  part,  are  suffered  to  go  adrift,  to  prey  upon  society  more  effectually  than  ever.  We  say,  for  the  most  part,  because  here  and  there  some  private  reformatory  institu  tions  receive  a  few  of  the  less  vicious.  The  Chaplain  of  our  Borough  Gaol  laments  this,  and  states,  that  in  the  way  of  juvenile  reformation  little  has  been  done,  not  so  much  for  want  of  objects  as  for  wane  of  suitable  asylums  to  receive  them.  There  exists  little  doubt  but  that  such  refuges  are  most  imperatively  requisite,  provided  we  have  a  wish.  to  stay  the  course  of  crime.  Ex Experience  perience Experience  proves  how  efficaciously  such  refor reformatories  matories reformatories  would  work.  In  the  Report  it  is  stated,  that  of  29  cases  of  juveniles,  (sent  to  various  schools  of  refuge,)  7  have  done  well,  11  are  in  the  way  of  doing  well,  7  are  doubt doubtful,  ful, doubtful,  2  have  so  far  failed,  and  2  are  hopelessly  It  is  further  asserted  that,  with  one  solitary  excep-  tion,  all  these,  though  young  in  years,  were  old  in  crime,  and  that  no  system  of  prison  discipline  at  present  existing  would  be  capable  of  improving  them.  Parliament,  it  is  to  be  hoped,  will  take  this  sub subject  ject subject  up  thoroughly  and  effectually.  A  mighty  evil  exists  which  requires  to  be  grappled  with,  and  speedily,  too.  And  we  hope  that  our  Legislature,  at  its  next  sitting,  will  devise  some  practical  scheme  whereby  to  effect  so  desirable  an  object  as  the  re reclamation  clamation reclamation  of  juvenile  offenders.  Were  this  end  gained,  thousands  would  be  saved  from  becoming  hardened  in  vice  ;  the  number  of  criminals  would  be  decimated;  and  society  itself  would  be  an  in infinite  finite infinite  gainer.  •  All  crime  is  madness—madness  is  disease  therefore  education  and  moral  training  are  likely  to  become  more  remedial  than  the  felon's  cell,  or  the  non•reformatory  discipline  of  our  associated  gaols.  The  subject  of  Dock  Management  is  one  which  is  exciting  the  earnest  attention  of  our  Merchants,  and  the  Rate  Payers  of  the  Borough  generally.  Greater  economy  in  the  expenditure,  and  increased  accommodation  for  shipping  within  the  present  limits  of  our  Docks,  are'  the  two  ruling  requirements  of  the  day;  and  amongst  the  inany'projects  which  have  been  made  public  on  this  .  subject,  we  have  noticed  one  by  Mr.  JOHN  GUANTHA.m.  This  gentleman  has  recently  published  a  pamphlet,  en entitled,  titled, entitled,  in  Working  the  Liverpool  in  which  he  proposes  to  construct  a  high  level  railway,  about  twenty  feet  above  the  ground,  running  close  along  the  edge  of  the  Docks,  on  the  east  side,  and  extending,  in  the  first•  instance,  from  the  Mersey  Forge  to  the  land  opposite  the  Hus Huskisson  kisson Huskisson  Dock.  From  these  termini  the  distance  is  about  four  miles,  over  which  he  proposes  to  carry  the  railway,.  on  iron  columns.  The  railway  to  have  six  lines— linesfour  four linesfour  for  passenger-trains,  and  two  for  goods  in  mo motion.  tion. motion.  The  two  lines  nearest  the  'Docks  are  to  be  used  for  siding,  and  on  which  the  .trucks  can  load  and  unload.  The  covering  afforded  by  the  railway  is  to  give  sufficient  covered  'space,  to  supply  the  place  of  the  present  shed's,  while  a  roof  or  warehouses  may  be  constructed  over  the  railway,  if  advisable.  Added  to  these  advan advantages,  tages, advantages,  a  complete  syste►n  of  cranes  which  may  be  worked  from  the  level  of  .  the  railway  or  transit  sheds—is  proposed.  These  cranes,  Mr.  GRANTHAM  proposes  to  construct  in  a  way  which  shall  obviate  all  the  obstructionS  at  present  arising  from  the  high  bulwarks  of  the  ships  and  low  roof  of  the  sheds.  Here  our  author  has  touched  on  a  very  delicate  point.  The  existing  cranes  in  our  docks  are  a  source  of  the  greatest  amusement  to  the  practical  world  ;  and  after  entailing  an  immense  outlay  on  the  Dock  estate,  they  are  not  only  non-productive,  but  they  are  worked  at  a  positive  loss,  which  is  increasing  daily,  in  the  same  ratio  as  the  trade  of  our  port  increases.  And  we  do  not  know,  in  fact,  of  any  branch  of  our  Dock  management STYLE=superscript  which  re requires  quires requires  more  immediate  revision  than  the  crane  department.  The  character  :  :given  to  these  machines  is  perfectly  preposterous,  while  their  construction  is  open  to  the  greatest  mechanical  objections.  The  strength  of  the  different  parts  of  a  machine  may  have  a  positive  value,  but  if  the  strength  of  its  parts  are  lost  in  the  mathematical  configuration  in  which  they  are  placed,  the  public  are  called  on  to  pay  for  a  bulk  of  material  which  is  nothing  short  of  valueless.  This  is  precisely  what  we  witness  in  our  present  Dock  cranes,  as  Mr.  GRANTHAM  appears  to  have  The  High-Level  Railway  projector  further  pro proposes,  poses, proposes,  that  branches  should  .be  carried  from  the  main  line  to  the  other  three  sides  of  the  Docks,  and  that  the  main  line  should  form  a  junction  with  the  other  railways  connected  with  the  town.  These  form  the  leading  features  of  the  proposal  before  us,  and  while  we  admit  the  enormous  advantage  which  must  accrue  to  the  railway  companies  and  to  the  public,  from  removing  the  heavy  goods  traffic  from  our  streets  to  a  railway,  we  must  also  confess  that  we  see  no  obstacle  whatever,  in  an  engineering  point  of  view,  that  can  be  fairly  urged  against  Mr.  GRANTHAM'S  scheme.  In  dealing,  however,  with  all  such  improvements,  the  time  has  arrived  wilt  n  profit  on  the  outlay  of  money,  on  undertakings  of  this  kind,  must  be  derived  from  charges  based  on  a  scale  which  shall  decrease  in  proportion  to  the  increased  public  accommodation  it  affords.  This  axiom  applies  with  great  force  to  all  public  companies,  but  with  still  greater  cogency  to  our  Docks,  where  the  charges  are  at  present  by  far  too  high  in  many  respects,  and  we  fear  that  Mr.  GRANTHAM  will  find  that  any  calculation  of  profits  in  this  project  which  is  based  upon  the  present  high  rates  of  Dock  charges,  but  more  particularly  those  of  cartage  and  warehousing,  will  prove  delu delusive,  sive, delusive,  and  perfectly  untenable.  In  legislating  on  such  matters,  we  are  inclined  to  believe  that  parliament  will  be  found  to  act  more  on  the  principle  of  decreasing  tariffs,  to  which  we  allude,  as  the  opposite  system  of  incorporating  companies  with  a  capital  which  sounds  large,  and  which  is  really  so  when  taken  arithmetically,  is  soon  reduced  to  nil,  and  again  becomes  a  hundred  fold  greater  owing  to  the  geometrical  increase  in  the  public  requirements.  If  we  take  the  position  of  the  public  in  relation  to  life  insurance,  gas,  water,  and  fire  companies,  we  shall  find  a  most  urgent  necessity  for  a  strict  application  of  the  decreasing  scale  principle.  And  if  we  look  a  little  into  the  future  of  our  port,  we  shall  find  a  thousand  and-one  reasons  which  may  be  urged  in  favour  of  its  strictest  application  in  the  administration  of  our  Dock  affairs.  We  have  gigantic  competition  rising  up  daily,  and  the  hopes  of  success  which  encourage  others,  is  the  great  good  fortune  which  has  attended  the  Mersey.  As  far  as  the  High  Level  Railway  is  concerned,  its  projector  has  anticipated  our  views,  and  he  offers  the  great  advantages  to  be  derived  from  his  scheme  at  a  very  trifling  and  reduced  rate  of  passenger  traffic.  says  Mr.  GRANTHAM,  that  one-twentieth  part  of  the  population,  or  20,000  persons,  should  average  two  fares  per  day  upon  the  railway,  and  that  one-fourth  of  these  paid  2d.,  and  the  remainder  ld.,  we  have  the  large  sum  of  £04,000  per  annum,  a  revenue  which,  after  meeting  the  working  expenses  of  this  department,  would  nearly  pay  the  interest  of  money  on  the  whole  railway.  While,  as  a  matter  of  convenience  and  comfort  to  those  engaged  about  the  docks,  and  as  a  benefit  to  the  Dock  Estate  itself,  it  would  be  a  boon,  the  value  of  which  can  only,be  estimated  by  those  whose  painful  lot  it  is  to  spend  their  lives  in  pacing  on  foot  from  dock  to  Finally,  we  quite  agree  with  Mr.  GRANTHAM,  wllen  he  says  the  Corporation  have  much  at  stake  in  this  project,  and  that  the  welfare  of  the  Docks  and  town  are  0.2  this  branch  of  the  subject  we  shall  make  a  few  comments  on  a  future  occasion.  FATAL  ACClDENT.  —Yesterday  a  mariner  of  the  name  of  Anthony  Brownrigg,  fell  into  the  hold  of  the  Jane  Bryant,  now  moored  in  the  Queen's  Dock,  and  received  such  severe  injuries  that  he  died  shortly  after.  An  inquest  will  be  held  on  the  body  this  day.  -  THE  UNITED  STATES  MAIL  STEAM-SHIP  ARCTIC  AGROUND.--This  splendid  steam-ship  grounded  yesterday,  in  the  Victoria  channel,  whilst  running  into  this  port.  It  was  very  foggy  at  the  time,  and  the  Arctic  was  heavily  laden.  She  got  off  on  the  flood  without  injury,  and  anchored  in  the  Sloyne  about  two  o'clock.  THE  SARAH  SANDS.—This  fine  screw  steamer  will  leave  the  Mersey  on  Saturday  for  Portland,  the  port  to  which  Messrs.  M'Kean,  M'Larty,  and  Lamont's  line  will  run  during  the  winter  months.  Notwithstanding  the  lateness  of  the  season,  and  the  extreme  severity  of  the  weather,  such  are  the  facilities  afforded  by  this  line,  and  the  confidence  reposed  in  the  ships  which  compose  it,  that  all  the  second  cabin  berths  are  engaged,  and  a  large  number  of  berths  are  secured  in  the  first  cabin.  COLLISION  BETWEEN  THE  U.  S.  MAIL  STEAM-SHIP  FRANKLIN  AND  A  BRITISH  BRIG.—The  steam-ship  Frank Franklin,  lin, Franklin,  from  Havre,  which  arrived  at  this  port  yesterday,  while  going  to  her  dock,  ran  into  the  British  brig  Eleanora,  of  Halifax,  Capt.  Nickerson,  from  Malaga,  discharging  at  the  end  of  pier  No.  5.  The  brig's  maintop-gallant  mast  and  rigging  attached,  were  completely  carried  away.  Her  star starboard  board starboard  bulwarks,  rail,  &amp;c.,  were  stove  in,  causing  her  to  leak.  She  was  subsequently  towed  inside  of  the  pier,  and  listed  to  larboard,  to  keep  her  from  filling.—New  York  Times,  Nov.  11.  THE  DISASTROUS  FIRE  IN  QUEEN'S  SQUARE.--We  yesterday  gave  the  particulars  of  the  destructive  fire  in  St.  George's  Bazaar,  in  Queen's-square.  We  now  lament  to  say  that  the  whole  of  the  property  held  by  the  various  tenants,  being  mostly  of  a  combustible  nature,  was  entirely  destroyed  by  this  afflicting  calamity.  The  misfor misfortune  tune misfortune  was  no  fault  of  the  unfortunate  occupants,  and  we.  feel  fully  persuaded  that  a  generous  public  will  contribute  in  aid  of  the  losses  they  have  sustained.  A  few  gentleman,  sympathising  with  the  sufferers,  have  organised  a  committee  who  will  r  e  c  e  i  ve  s  ubsc  r  iptions  for  their  relief,  and  we  shall  be  glad  to  take  charge  of  any  donations  which  may  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  our  office.  DEATH  FROM  BURNING.--Yesterday  a  child  about  four  years  of  age,  the  son  of  Richard  Gay,  a  rigger,  died  from  injuries  he  had  sustained  from  being  burned.  It  appears  that  the  parents  of  the  child  lived  in  a  court  in  Regent Regentstreet.  street. Regentstreet.  On  the  previous  day  the  child  was  playing  with  another  child  in  a  house  occupied  by  Hannah  Murray,  when  the  latter  heard  violent  shrieks,  and  upon  going  into  the  room  she  found  the  child  enveloped  in  flames.  The  child  was  taken  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  where  its  wounds  were  dressed  by  one  of  the  surgeons  of  that  establishment,  but  the  parents  declined  to  leave  him  there,  and  he  was  taken  home,  where  he  died  the  same  night.  An  inquest  will  be  held  on  the  body  this  day.  The  ship  William  Tapseott,  from  Liverpool,  arrived  at  this  port  on  Wednesday,  with  813  passengers.  She  had  62  depths  during  the  voyage,  principally  from  cholera.—New  York  Times,  Nov.  11.  _  _  _  SUDDEN  DEATH—CURIOUS  CASE.—At  the  Royal  Infir Infirmary,  mary, Infirmary,  on  Tuesday  evening,  an  inquest  was  held  before  E.  Her:ord,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  city  of  Manchester,  touchino•  the  death  of  Ellen  Swindells,  aged  76,  lying  dead  at  50,  George  Leigh-street.  Joseph  Heaton,  of  Albert's  Buildings,  George  Leigh-street,  scavenger,  stated  that  the  deceased  lodged  with  him  about  a  fortnight  before  last  Thursday  week,  when  she  was  brought  home  by  two  young  women.  The  deceased  stated  that  on  stepping  upon  the  the  kerb-stone  of  the  street,  she  fell  down.  She  went  to  her  daughter's  to  sleep  on  the  Monday  following.  She  could  not  pay  witness  anything  for  her  lodgings,  and  was  greatly  short  of  a  bit  of  food.  He  never  saw  the  deceased  with  anything  but  a  sup  of  tea  and  a  bit  of  dry  bread.  He  was  sure  she  had  not  sufficient  food.  He  asked  deceased  several  times  to  apply  to  the  guardians  for  relief,  and  she  replied  that  it  was  of  no  use,  as  they  would  not  give  her  any  unless  she  went  into  the  house.  Mary  Bartley,  the  daughter  of  the  deceased,  stated  that  about  fifty  years  ago,  her  mother's  husband  left  her  and  went  for  a  soldier.  Witness  was  born  several  years  after  that.  [At  this  stage  of  the  proceedings  one  of  the  jury  said  that  a  person  named  Daniel  Swindells,  the  name  of  the  husband  of  the  deceased,  lived  with  himj.  This  observation  occasioned  some  surprise  amongst  the  jurymen,  and  on  in inquiry  quiry inquiry  being  made,  it  turned  out  that  the  Daniel  Swindells  referred  -to  was  about  80  years  of  age,  that  he  had  enlisted  a  short  time  after  he  was  married,  that  he  had  been  a  soldier  in  the  East  Indies,  that  he  had  returned  to  this  country  and  ascertained  that  his  wife  had  a  child,  upon  which  he  declined  to  live  with  her.  One  of  the  jury  .  promised  to  take  steps  to  find  out  whether  the  Daniel  Swindells,  last-mentioned,  was  the  same  Swindells  that  married  the  deceased,  The  daughter  of  the  deceased  proceeded  to  state  that  the  deceased  was  very  badly  off,  that  she  herself  was  unable  to  assist  her,  that  for  some  time  she  had  out-relief  from  the  parish  which  was  withdrawn  from  her  by  Mr.  Whitney,  relieving  officer,  who  gave  her  an  order  to  go  into  the  workhouse,  which  she  de declined  clined declined  doing.  Witness  went  to  see  Mr.  Whitney  about  nine  in  the  morning,  but  could  not  see  him  till  past  twelve  o'clock,  and  when  she  got  back  her  mother  was  dead.  Wit Witness  ness Witness  did  not  doubt  that  if  the  deceased  had  had  proper  food  she  would  have  lived  longer.  The  verdict  of  the  jury  was,  that  the  deceased  died  from  the  effects  of  an  accidental  fall  ;  the  jury  recommended  the  coroner  to  forward  the  de depositions  positions depositions  now  taken  to  the  poor-law  board  in  London,  with  a  view  to  inquiry  being  made  into  the  correctness  of  the  statements  as  to  tae  withdoawal  of  the  woman's  relief.  CHATHAM-STREET  SCHOOL  OF  MEDICINE,  MANCHESTER.  Yesterday  afternoon  at  four  o'clock,  the  distribution  of  prizes  for  the  session  1852-3,  to  the  students  of  this  school,  took  place  in  the  Lecture-room  of  the  Institution,  before  a  numerous  audience.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  Dr.  EASON  WILKINsoN.  The  following  is  a  list  of  the  scholarship  prizes  and  certificates  :  MEDICINE  AND  PATHOLOGY.—Senior  prize,  Mr:J.  Ash.  burner,  Manchester;  junior  ditto,  Mr.  J.  K.  Cheetham,  Rochdale.  SURGERY.—  Senior  prize,  Mr.  J.  Ashburner,  Manchester;  junior  ditto,  Mr.  J.  K.  Cheetham.  ANATOMY  AND  PHYSIOLOGY.—First  prize,  Mr.  Edmund  Taylor,  Urrnston  ;  second  ditto,  Mr.  William  Berry,  Man Manchester;  chester; Manchester;  third  ditto,  Mr.  William  Sellers,  Bury,  Mr.  T.  Platt,  Romiley,  Cheshire  ;  merit  equal.  Certificates  of  merit,  Mr.  T.  Perkins,  Manchester  ;  Mr.  H.  Quarmby,  Oldham.  Certificates  of  merit  for  Dissections,  Mr.  William  Sellers,  Bury;  Mr.  Thomas  Platt,  Romiley,  Cheshire  ;  Mr.  T.  P.  Bott,  Bury  ;  Mr.  E.  Taylor,  Urmston  ;  Mr.  T.  Perkins,  Manchester  ;  Mr.  William  Berry,  Manchester  ;  Mr.  G.  T.  Saville,  Nafferton,  Yorkshire  ;  Mr.  H.  Quarmby,  Oldham  ;  Mr.  J.  Steele,  Manchester.  CHEMISTY.—Prize,  Mr.  E.  IL  Pitman,  Eastbourne,  Sussex,  Certificates  of  Merit,  Mr.  T.  H.  Bott,  Bury  ;  Mr.  J.  Ker Kershaw,  shaw, Kershaw,  Manchester.  PRAcTicki.,  CHEMISTRY.—Prize,  Mr.  James  K.  Cheetham;  Mr.  Thomas  B.  Bott,  merit  equal.  OBSTETRIC  MEDICINE  AND  DISEASES  Or  CHILDREN.—  Senior  Prize,  Mr.  James  K.  Cheetham.  Junior  Prize,  Mr.  Daniel  Mc  Nulty,  Manchester.  Certificates  of  Merit,  Mr.  Thomas  Platt,  Romiley,  Cheshire;  Mr.  G.  T.  Saville;  Mr.  William  Sellers.  MATERIA  MEDICA.—Prize,  Mr.  E.  H.  Pitman;  Mr.  W.  Sellers,  merit  equal.  Certificates  of  Merit,  Mr.  Thomas  Platt,  Romiley,  Cheshire;  Mr.  T.  B.  Botts;  Mr.  J.  Pritchard,  Manchester.  FORENSIC  MEDICINE.—Prize,  Mr.  James  K.  Cheetham.  BOTANY.—Prize,  Mr.  Alfred  Gallimore;  Mr.  E.  H.  Pit Pitman,  man, Pitman,  merit  equal.  Senior  Scholarship,  not  awarded.  Junior  Scholarship,  Mr.  William  Sellers,  Bury.  Certificate  f  ,1  erit,  Mr.  E.  R.  Pitman,  Eastbourne,  Sussex.  COMPLIMENTARY  ADDRESS  TO  MR.  PETER  MTUBBIIV,  CHIEF  STEWARD  OF  THE  SARAH  SANDS.  The  following  Complimentary  Address,  testifying  to  the  efficient  manner  in  which  Mr.  M'Cubbin,  Chief  Steward  of  the  Sarah  Sands,  performed  the  duties  of  his  office  on  the  last  outward  voyage  of  the  ship  to  Quebec,  was  unanimously  adopted  by  the  cabin  passengers,  whilst  the  vessel  was  pro proceeding  ceeding proceeding  up  the  St.  Lawrence.  As  the  comfort  of  the  passengers  during  an  ocean  voyage,  depends  altogether  on  the  efficiency  and  conduct  of  the  Chief  Steward,  the  testimonial  must  not  alone  be  testifying  to  Mr.  M'Cubbin,  but  highly  satisfactory  to  the  owners  of  the  vessel:—  To  Mr.  Peter  APCubbin,  Chief  Steward  of  use  Steamship  Sarah  Sands.  Sit—We,  the  undersigned  cabin  passengers  on  board  the  steam-ship  Sarah  Sands,  feel  it  to  be  our  duty  to  express  to  you  our  approbation  of  the  manner  in  which  you  have  discharged  the  duties  of  your  office,  during  the  voyage  from  Liverpool  to.  Quebec  and  Montreal  and  also  to  bear  testi testimony  mony testimony  to  your  courteous  and  gentlemanly  demeanour  to  us  throughout  a-  long  and  tedious  voyage,  now  happily  so  near  to  a  close.  And  in  taking  leave  of  you,  we  beg  to  assure  you  of  our  sincere  wishes  for  your  future  welfare  and  prosperity,  trust trusting  ing trusting  that  you  will  ever  meet  with  that  encouragement  and  success  which  a  faithful  discharge  of  your  duties  so  richly  merits.  •  Steam-ship  Sarah  Sands,  Oct.  11th,  1853.  This  address  is  signed  by  Edward  Mr.  Mallock,  a  member  of  the  Canadian  House  of  Representatives,  and  49  other  cabin  passengers.  STEAM  -SHIP  GOLDEN  MAIL  FOR  AUSTRALIA.  AMERICAN  VESSELS  AND  THE  CARRIAGE  OF  ENGLISH  MAILS.  Our  readers  are  aware  that  for  some  time  past,  a  difference  of  opinion  has  existed  between  the  English  and  American  government  as  to  whether  or  not  American  vessels  were  bcund  in  virtue  of  a  particular  provision  in  a  treaty  between  the  two  countries,  to  carry  a  mail  from  one  British  port  to  another.  Captain  Porter  was  the  first  American  who  ven ventured  tured ventured  to  deny  the  right  of  England  to  compel  American  vessels  to  carry  these  mails  ;  and  it  was  in  consequence,  brought  under  the  immediate  consideration  of  the  British  government.  We  are  enabled  to  announce,  that  a  note  from  Lord  Clarendon  has  just  been  received  at  the  American  em embassy,  bassy, embassy,  stating  that  on  mature-  consideration,  finding  that  the  enforcement  of  the  provision  in  question  would  lead  to  an  unpleasant  controversy  and  be  productive  of  much  annoy annoyance,  ance, annoyance,  it  will  be  considered  as  withdrawn.  Captain  Porter  is  therefore  at  liberty  to  make  what  terms  he  pleases  for  the  performance  of  the  service  of  the  Post-office  department.  It  will  be  observed  by  our  advertising  columns,  that  the  steam-ship  Golden  Age,  will  receive  letters  for  Australia,  free  of  postage  if  sent  down  direct  to  the  vessel.  The  shop  of  Mr.  James  Thompson,  grocer,  Gallowgate,  Glasgow,  was  broken  open  on  Saturday  night  last,  and  £22  10s.  in  notes,  gold,  silver,  and  farthings  carried  off.  The  thieves  have  not  been  discovered.  A  death  took  place  in  Glasgow  on  Monday,  from  Asiatic  cholera.  The  victim  was  a  little  girl,  and  the  place  of  death  the  cholera  hospital  of  that  city.  The  first  monthly  meeting  for  1853-4  of  the  Glasgow  branch  of  the  educational  institute  of  Scotland,  was  held  in  the  High-school  on  Saturday  last.  The  body  of  a  seaman,  named  William  Crean,  was  found  in  the  Lagan  ,  near  Belfast,on  Monday  last.  He  was  missing  since  the  30th  ult.  The  electors  who  voted  for  Mr.  Richardson,  at  the  late  election  for  Lisburne,  the  Belfast  Mercury  states,  have  been  for  their  rents  a  very  summary  while  those  who  voted  against  him  have  not  been  called  upon.  _  .  The  Marchese  d'Azeglio,  late  minister  of  Sardinia,  to  this  country,  was  allowed  to  land  at  Genoa,  on  the  18th,  without  pratique  while  all  the  other  passengers  were  forced  to  un undergo  dergo undergo  that  annoyance.  Surely  this  proves  the  absurdity  as  well  as  the  injuriousness  of  the  regulation.  The  Duke  de  Bourdeaux,  (Henry  V.)  head  of  the  elder  Bourbons,  is  33  years  of  age,  and  has  been  married  since  1846,  but  is  childless.  The  Count  de  Paris,  grandson  of  Louis  Philippe,  was  born  in  August,  1838,  and  is  now  enter entering  ing entering  on  his  16th  year.  The  shipments  of  pig  iron  from  the  Clyde,  from  the  11th  ,  to  the  13th  Nov.,  was  2,482  tons  foreign,  and  1,276  tons  coastwise;  from  Grangemouth,  for  same  time  1,273  tons,  all  foreign,  and  the  total  for  one  week  from  the  Clyde,  Grange Grangemouth,  mouth, Grangemouth,  and  Ardrossan,  6,066  tors.  A  correspondent  writing  to  the  Daily  News  from  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  and  signing  himself  L.  F.,  quotes  a  letter  from  Gib Gibraltar,  raltar, Gibraltar,  complaining  that  are  50  to  70  per  cent.  in  Price  over  the  rates  of  last  year.  The  defalcations  discovered  against  Le  Grand,  the  stock  exehan  ge  broker  of  London,  up  to  this  time  amount  to  £25,000.  From  one  of  his  sureties  £250  have  been  recovered;  the  attempt  to  recover  from  the  other  would  drive  him  to  bankruptcy.  WIFE  SENT  TO  GAOL  FOR  BEATING  HER  HUSBAND.  —ln  the  Boston  police-court,  Sarah  Flynn  was  charged  with  a  severe  assault  upon  her  husband,  James,  with  a  chair.  It  appeared  that  Sarah  was  a  second  wife,  and  much  the  more  vigorous  of  the  two.  She  was  sentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment  in  gaol.  Police  statistics  show  that  in  Christiana  in  Norway,  the  arrests  for  drunkenness  for  12  months,  reach  1,497,  of  which  only  68  were  women.  And  comparing  this  with  the  arrests  in  London  for  the  like  cause,  we  find  that  the  proportion  of  Norwegian  drunkenness  exceeds  those  of  London  by  1,400  per  cent  !  The  female  tipplers  in  London  exceed  the  Nor Norwegian  wegian Norwegian  proportion  by  nearly  10  percent.  THE  USE  OF  THE  KNIFE  IN  LIVERPOOL.—The  deadly  use  o  the  knife  in  Liverpool  continues  frightfully  on  the  increase.  From  a  return  moved  for  by  the  watch  committee  it  appears  that  during  the  last  three  years  there  were  no  fewer  than  233  cases  of  stabbing  and  attempting  to  stab;  the  number  of  actual  cases  of  stabbing  being  174,  and  attempting  to  stab  in  stant,  the  During  the  last  twelve  months,  up  to  the  18th  the  number  of  actual  stabbing  cases  was  71,  and  attempting  to  stab  28,  in  all  99.  Of  the  71  actual  stabbing  cases  8  were  sent  for  trial  to  the  assizes,  and  8  to  the  sessions  ;  3  were  summarily  committed,  18  were  fined,  1  remains  under  re remand,  mand, remand,  and  33  were  discharged.  The  28  cases  of  attempting  to  stab  were  disposed  of  at  the  discretion  of  the  presiding  magistrates.  From  this  return  it  will  be  seen,  that  dividing  'the  number  of  cases  in  the  two  first  years  of  that  period  equally,  it  gives  to  each  67,  so  that  the  last  year  is  32  in  excess  of  each  of  its  two  predecessors."
