text
"FRANCE  PARIS,  TUESDAY.  To-day  H.R  H.  the  Duke  of  Cambridge  in  the  name  of  her  Majesty  Queen  Victoria  distributed  British  Crimean  medals  to  14,000  of  the  French  troops  who  have  returned  from  the  seat  of  war.  The  troops  were  drawn  up  for  the  occasion  in  the  Place  du  Carousel,  and  the  scene  was  very  imposing.  The  Emperor  was  much  cheered,  and  the  affair  passed  off  with  much  eclat.  THE  FRENCH  FUNDS  PARIS,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  The  business  done  to-day  on  the  Bourse  closed  as  follows  :—Four-and-a•Half  per  Cents,  91f.  50c.  ;  Three  per  Cents,  62f.  55c  FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT•)  PARIS,  MONDAY  EVENING  Baron  de  Seebach,  the  Saxon  minister,  arrived  in  this  city  last  evening,  on  his  return  from  St.  Petersburg,  and  had  to-day  a  conference  with  Count  Walewski,  minister  of  foreign  affairs.  It  is  confidently  reported,  in  some  well  informed  quarters,  that  he  has  solemnly  assured  the  minister  that  Russia  is  sincerely  desirous  of  treating  for  peace,  and  that  she  is  even  ready  to  come  to  a  direct  arrangement  with  the  Western  powers,  apart  altogether  from  Austria.  I  mention  this  report  as  it  is  communicated  to  me,  without  being  in  a  position  to  vouch  for  its  truth  ;  but  it  seems  to  have  reached  some  of  the  principal  speculators  on  the  Bourse,  and  to  have  been  credited  by  them,  as  a  very  large  advance  in  the  rente  and  other  securities  has  taken  place.  It  must,  however,  be  stated  that  it  is  in  direct  con contradiction,  tradiction, contradiction,  not  only  with  what  the  telegraph  tells  us  the  Morning  Post  of  London  has  announced  this  morning,  but  with  despatches  from  Vienna,  which  say  that  Count  Buol,  the  Austrian  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs,  considered  the  Russian  reply  as  so  unsatisfactory,  that  he  declared  to  the  Rus  sian  Minister,  that  if  a  more  favourable  one  were  not  sent,  the  Austrian  Ambassador  at  St.  Peters Petersburg  burg Petersburg  should  be  recalled  by  the  18th  of  this  month.  I  hear  again  to-day  that  the  Council  of  War  is  decidedly  disposed  to  recal  the  greater  part  of  the  troops  from  the  Crimea,  in  order  to  employ  them  in  the  Baltic  or  on  the  Rhine.  The  determination  of  the  Emperor  to  take  the  command  of  them  in  one  place  or  another,  is,  I  am  assured,  definitive.  It  is  said  that  Marshal  Magnan,  commander  of  the  army  of  Paris,  and  who,  next  to  St.  Arnaud,  had  the  greatest  share  in  the  execution  of  the  coup  d'etat  of  the  2nd  of  December,  is  very  indignant  at  not  being  nominated  to  a  chief  command  in  an  active  army.  _  _  _  Mr.  Cob  - STYLE=superscript  den's  last  pamphlet  has  excited  more  attention  here  than  it  deserved,  and  the  Belgian  journals,  which  are  favourable  to  Russia,  have  made  copious  extracts  from  it.  lam  told  that  the  Emperor  himself  has  read  it,  and  that  his  excla exclamation  mation exclamation  on  concluding  it  Poor  Mr.  Cobden  !  He  is  so  confiding  in  Russian  honour,  and  so  fond  of  peace,  that  he  mnst  be  a  grand  enfant  of  the  Golden  Age  Two  or  three  large  speculators  have  been  executed  on  the  Bourse,  from  not  being  able  to  meet  their  eogagements.  On  dit,  that  one  of  them  is  a  high  political  personage.  Messrs.  Rothschild  have  joined  several  large  bankers,  Messrs.  Bartholemy,  Messrs.  Hottinguer,  and  others,  in  forming  a  society  for  the  express  purpose  of  assisting  the  government  and  great  commercial  enterprises  in  the  same  way  as  the  Credit  Mobilier  does  ;  but,  though  they  have  severally  undertaken  to  supply  a  certain  amount  of  capital,  they  have  not  formed  themselves  into  a  regular  company.  It  is  said  that  one  of  the  first  things  this  new  association  of  capitalists  will  endeavour  to  obtain  will  be  the  forthcoming  new  loan.  Business  during  the  week  has  been  very  indif indifferent,  ferent, indifferent,  and  several  orders  from  England,  and  the  United  States,  have  been  countermanded.  SUNDAY  SCHOOL  AND  LITERARY  INSTITUTION.—The  fifth  lecture  of  the  series  advertised,  in  connection  with  this  institution,  was  delivered  last  night,  in  the  Concert-hall,  Lord  Nelson-street,  by  the  Rev.  W.  Harcus.  The  attend attendance  ance attendance  was  numerous.  The  lecture  was  on  Hampden  and  patriotism  and,  in  his  treatment  of  the  subject,  which  is  one  of  the  most  interesting  and,  at  the  same  time,  least  novel  to  be  found  in  the  whole  range  of  English  history,  the  rev,  gentleman  succeeded  in  both  keeping  fully  alive  the  attention  of  his  auditors,  and  eliciting  their  applause.  So  much  has  been  written  about  Hampden,  and  the  stirring  times  in  which  he  lived,  that  it  would  be  im impossible  possible impossible  for  any  writer  now  to  say  anything  new  upon  the  subject.  The  lecturer,  accordingly,  did  not  attempt  this,  but  wisely  applied  himself  to  pointing  out  the  rich  legacy  of  freedom  which  Hampden  and  his  co-patriots  secured  for  their  posterity.  At  the  conclusion  of  the  discourse,  thanks  were  voted  by  acclamation  to  the  rev.  gentleman.  MAGHULL  FARMERS'  CHARITY  BALL.—The  seventh  annual  Charity  Ball  was  held  'at  the  house  of  Mr.  Thomas  Boys,  the  Red  Lion  Inn,  Maghull,  on  Wednesday  evening  last.  The  ball  room  has  recently  been  enlarged,  and  was  tastefully  decorated  with  evergreens  for  the  occasion.  The  number  in  attendance  was  220.  We  observed  a  great  number  from  Liverpool  present.  The  refreshments  were  supplied  in  abundance,  and  were  of  the  usual  excellent  and  satisfactory  character.  The  Aughton  quadrille  band  was  in  attendance,  aad  the  dancing  under  the  superintendence  of  Mr.  R.  Ashcroft,  was  kept  up  with  great  spirit  till  daylight;  when  the  company  separated  highly  delighted  with  the  evening's  enjoyment.  The  whole  arrangements  reflected  much  credit  on  the  active  managing  committee.  The  energetic  managers  anticipate  that  the  proceeds  will  be  about  £l2,  which  sum  :will  be  distributed  amongst  the  deserving  poor  of  the  township  of  Maghull.  Great  praise  is  due  to  Messrs.  B.  Pimbley  and  H.  Ashcroft,  for  their  unwearied  efforts  on  behalf  of  the  deserving  poor  at  this  inclement  season  of  the  year.—Correspondent.  THE  CASE  OF  JACKSON  THE  PAWNBROKER.  —A  memorial,  praying  the  remission  of  the  sentence  on  this  person,  signed  by  the  whole  of  the  pawnbrokers  of  Bristol,  has  been  for  -  warded  by  Mr.  H.  G.  Langton,  M.P.,  for  that  city,  to  the  secretary  of  state  for  the  home  department.  SWEDEN  AND  THE  ALLIES.—King  Oscar  has  just  con conferred  ferred conferred  on  M.  Lobstein  the  Grand  Cordon  of  his  Order  of  St.  Olaf  of  Norway  as  a  mark  of  his  satisfaction  at  the  part  taken  by  the  French  minister  in  the  conclusion  of  the  treaty  of  alliance  of  the  21st  November.  As  the  English  government  does  not  allow  its  agents  to  ac  ce  pt  foreign  decorations,  his  Swedish  Majesty  wrote  an  autograph  letter  to  Mr.  Magenis,  thanking  him  for  having  contributed  to  the  success  of  an  act  equally  important  for  Sweden  and  for  England.  GOVERNMENT  ARTISANS  AND  THE  INCOME-TAX.—A  large  number  of  artisans  and  mechanics  employed  at  the  a  rsena  l  and  dockyards,  Woolwich,  have  been  served  with  notices  for  payment  of  the  income.tax.  Much  excitement  prevails  amongst  the  men,  who  have  held  a  meeting  to  protest  against  the  proposed  payment,  on  the  gr  mnds  that  their  increased  earnings  have  resulted  from  working  several  hours  overtime  daily,  at  the  request  of  the  authorities,  and  in  consequence  of  the  demand  for  their  labour  incident  upon  the  war."
