text
")f  Wallasey  )e  advisable  to  let  the  Oct  stand  over  until  they  had  seen  copy  of  the  The.board  then  adjourned  HISTORIC  SOCIETY,  )gical  peeting  for  the  session  was  held  oorge's  Ilall,  the  Rev:Dr.  Thom  its  the  ,Thomas  BLAKE;  EN.,  F.  A.  Welton,  Esq.,  Fencliurch-street,  - STYLE=superscript  Vendon,  and  'the  Rev.  Thomas  Stanifertb;  Sten  rs,  Winderinere,  were  elected  members  of  tlii9;OPek.lA  large  numberof  donatio  ns  were  acknowledged  1?)  , STYLE=superscript  thelhnrorar)f  sderctarV,  Hume,  as  having  been  received.  Among  therti  wereßeport,  presented  to  the  Cambridge  Antiquarian  Society  at  its  fifteenth-annual  general  meeting,  and  corn  z  tßini..  elatierts  -Made  to  the  society,  from'  the  society;  'Proe'eedings  and  Transactions  .of  the  Kilkenny  Archeological  Society,  for  May;  !',July,  and  .September,  1855;  from  the  .sbeiety';-First  annual  Report  of  the  Government  School  of  Art,  'established  in  connectiortith  the  Collegiate  Institution,  from  the  - STYLE=superscript  Rev.:J.  - STYLE=superscript  B.  trowson,  Chairman  of  its  .Council';  the  Archeological  Journal  for  September,  1855;  from  the  Archeological  Institute  of  Great  Britain  and  Ireland  ;  from  the  ,- STYLE=superscript  Literary  and  Philosophical  Society  .of  :Leiccster,.a.  volume  containing  , STYLE=superscript  the-lait  annual  report  and  a  printed,  selection  from  the  papers  read  since  the  founda foundation  tion foundation  of  Abe  &amp;c;  &amp;c.  Dr.  Huiife  - STYLE=superscript  exhibiled  three  ancient  parchments  relative  to  families  in  Fiintshire•and  Cheshire,  part  of  a  set  of  fifty4our  presented  to  him  by  a  friend  in  Ireland,  in  the  hope.that  they  would  possess  soave  interest  in  thisjloca:ity.  Most  of  then]  were  quit4erfect,  and  about  half  of  them  had  the,inaient  seals  still  attached.  The:dates  ranged  from  1106'  to  the  latter  half  of  the  seventeenth  century.  Most  of  the  papers  relate:to  the  property  possessed  by  .  the  family  of  the  :celebrated  Archibald  Hamilton  Rowan.  ,  Mr.:  Mayer  exhibited  a  gold  torque,  and  seven  armilli,  recently  found  in  Ireland.  They  are  all  of  nearly  pure  gold,  and  quite  solid.  The  torqbe,  or  necklace;  weighs  near  twelve  ounces,  and  in  of  a  rather  remarkable  'form,  being  formed  bn  the  flange  in  the  inside  with  a  half-round:on  one  half,  and  a  bevilled  edge  on  the  other  on  the  outside.  •  The  armilli  or  bracelets  are  all  of  different  sizes.  These  ornaments  are  part  of  a  find,  the  value  of,  which,  for  gold  only,  is  computed  to  be  worth  more,  than  £1,200.  Mr.  Mayer  stated  that  the  man  who  found  them,  fearing  the  claim  of  the  Crown,  refused  to  disclose  the  plee  where  he  discovered  them.  Th  . STYLE=superscript  s,circunniance,  etrungly  illustrating  the  evils  of  the'  law  of  treasure-trove,  gave  rise  to  . STYLE=superscript  a  brief  discussion  on  the  'subject.  .The  Chairman,  Dr.  Etnerie,  and  Mr.  Mayer,  mentioned  several  instances  in  which  valuable'  antiquities  Were  lost  to  the  Country  by  the  parties  who  forind  them  concealing  the  fact,  lest  treasure-trove_might  be.  enforced,  and  expressed  a  bop  that  tlic  law  would'  b'd  loon  cha  - STYLE=superscript  nged.  •  '  A  conversation  also  took  place  orr,  the  destruction  of  monuments  of  antiquity  in  this  age,  which  prides  itself  on  being  gothie  in  nothing  else  than  its  love  of  the  architecture  of  the  period  so  characterised—in  history.  .  „  ,  .  .  The  Chairman  auggested  that  it  would-be  a  wise  and  'good  thing.  if  the  government  appointed  a  conservator  of  ancient  monuments;which  would  thus  be  saved  from  the  hands-  of  modern  iconoclasts.  Dr.,Hutne  stated  that  in  France  such  an  officer  Was  appointed  for  that  purpose.  4'  !  The  Rev:W.  B.  Greenside  exhibited  a  silver  spoon  ana  four  coins,  recently  found  near  Thurland  Castle,-  in  Lan-ca STYLE=superscript  sliire,Along  with  numerous  coins  -in  gold  and  iil'Ver;  'Of-  the  periods  of  the  Edwards  and  Henrys  of  England,  as  well  as  several  rare  and  interesting  Medals  in  silver  and  bronze;  and  one  of  the  oval  - STYLE=superscript  Medallion§  thade  - STYLE=superscript  pc:  silver,  On  one  Side  'f  which  is  a  p  or  t  r  ait  Oraarl  .  es  the.rirst,  with  th  e  i  n  i  t  i  als  C.  R  ,  and  on  the  reverse  i  s  a  tree  ,  with,their  arms,  o  n  each  of  whic  is  a  royal  crown;  and  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  upper  part  of  the  field  is  a  sun  in  splendour,  and'  :Wound  - STYLE=superscript  Abe  '  edge  are  the  Words  Revirescet  tanclein.  Similar.  •badges  were—  worn'  by  •tho  adherents'  of  Charles  during  the  troublous  tithes  '  that  'f  o  ll  owed  his  deposition.  ;  -  -'  The  paper  o  f  th  e  even  i  ng  was  On  the  western  portion  of  the  ancient  kingdom  of  Northumberland  dovin  to  the  Roman  by',the'Rev.  J.  W.  Made,  IsTewcastle-oil-  Tyne.  I  n  the  absence  of  the  writer,  the  paper  was  read  ly  the  Rev.  Thomas  ,Moore.  Vice-Admiral  of  the  Red  Sir  George  Seymour,  R.C.8.,  G.C.U.,  commenced  his  duties  as  Commander-in-Chief  at  Poitsmouth  on  Wednesday.  He  went  on  board  his  fiagship,the  Victory,  and  was  received  with  the  usual,honors  b  y  - STYLE=superscript  Captain  Gordon  and  officers  ;  he  afterwards  embaiked  on  the  steam-tender  Fire  Queen,  and  steamed  round  the  fleet  at  Spithead,  whence  he  steamed  into  harbour  and  made  a  similar  cursory  inspection."
