text
"he  will  of  1  save  in  mere STYLE=superscript  ideas  of  PETER  the  GREAT  hare  found  before  them  a  regenerated  Europe,  drawing  after  it  already  the  Eastern  world  into  its  principles  order,  justice,  and  tolerance,  by  the  sole  attraction  of  the  wonders  of  civilisation,  and  raising  aloft  the  Cross  in  the  metropolis  of  ''  Islamism.  The  will  of  PETER  the  GREAT  was  from  that  moment  Our  Author  is  somewhat  precipitate  here.  The  of  PETER  was,  first  to  take  possession  of  Constan Constantinople,  tinople, Constantinople,  and  to  inoorporate  the  whole  of  the  Turkish  territories  with  the  already  overgrown  Russian  Empire.  And,  although  civilisation  outrun  the  of  those  days,  Russia  is,  nevertheless,  resolved  to  carry  out  her  policy  in  Eastern  Europe  at  any  cost.  If  we  could  discover  less  depth  in  her  designs,  and  were  in  doubt  as  to  the  magnitude  and  the  reality  of  her  intentions,  we  might  be  disposed  to  believe  that  she  would  be  glad  to  accept  peace  on  any  terms  short  of  the  bitterest  degradation.  But,  the  moment  has  arrived  when  the  will  of  PETER  must  be  accomplished,  or  for  ever  aban abandoned  doned abandoned  The  Cross  has  been  raised  in  the  Capital  of  the  false  prophet,  and  with  the  fall  of  Islamism  the  long  cherished  hopes  of  the  CZAR  must  be  for  ever  laid  aside.  The  struggle  has  not,  how however,  ever, however,  assumed,  as  yet,  the  character  of  a  dying  effort  on  the  part  of  Russia.  We  view  her  power  and  general  resources  through  precisely  the  same  medium  through  which  she  sees  the  strength  and  stability  of  Western  Europe.  And,  with  all  these  errors,  blunders,  and  dangerous  hypotheses  running  through  political  and  diplomatic  minds,  we  must  expect  to  hear  a  good  deal  more  than  we  have  already  of  Con Congresses  gresses Congresses  of  Crowned  heads,  peace  conferences,  and  mercy  knows  what  besides.  But,  setting  apart  all  the  groping,  grovelling,  and  diplomatic  specula speculation  tion speculation  of  the  day,  let  us  make  Russia's  case  our  own.  Let  us  suppose  that  we  had  on  the  frontier  of  our  Eastern  possessions  a  troublesome  neigh neighbour,  bour, neighbour,  we  had  resolved  to  subdue;  or  a  valuable  expanse  of  territory  which  we  had  determined  to  subjugate  and  annex  to  our  Indian  Empire,  and  that  Russia,  or  any  other  European  State,  ventured  to  interfere  in  the  contest,  should  we  abandon  our  fixed  purpose,  and  the  even  tenor  of  our  way,  because  we  had  to  make  war  upon  one,  two,  or  three  Powers,  who  had  thought  proper  to  take  up  the  quarrel?  We  think  not.  The  course  we  should  pursue  would  be  to  throw  all  our  strength  into  the  contest,  and  resist  all  conditions  of  peace  until  we  were  :fairly  overpowered.  This  is  exactly  what  Russia  has  done  and  will  continue  to  do.  Therefore,  we  must  overpower  her  precisely  as  she  would  prostrate  us.  In  the  spring,  the  CZAR  will  t  e  ll  us  i  n  very  intelligible  language  what  he  h  as  ga  i  ne  d  b  y  di  plo.  matic  pauses  in  war,  and  t  r  ifli  ng  w  ith  peace  negociations.  The  fall  of  Sebastopol  gained  him  a  loan  of  7,500,0001.  from  Holland,  and  six  months  inaction  in  the  Crimea  will  enable  him  to  over overwhelm  whelm overwhelm  his  enemies  in  the  East  in  the  ensuing  spring  ;  and,  should  diplomacy  fail  in  everything  else,  its  triumph  in  these  two  respects  will  long  be  spoken  of  with  exultation  by  Russia,  and  chaunted  with  delight  by  those  who  sympathise  with  her  cause.  Meanwhile,  we  are  informed  by  our  Paris  correspondent,  that  there  was  great  indignation  felt  at  Constantinople  against  OMER  PACHA  for  not  having  relieved  Kars,  and  that  there  was  a  talk  of  sending  that  hero  before  a  court  martial,  and  confiscating  his  property  !  This  reads  very  liko  a  grand  climax  of  intrigue.  OMER  PACHA  is  the  only  chief  upon  whose  honour,  energy,  and  genius,  the  Turkish  nation  can  rely.  To  remove  him  from  his  command,  an  d  open  l  y  rob  him  of  his  property,  would,  indeed,  be  Russian  gratitude  and  sound  Muscovite  policy.  OMER  PACHA  will  have  nothing  to  fear,  however,  from  a  court  martial  composed  of  anything  beyond  Russian  emissaries,  and  Turkish  ribalds,  maddened  at  his  brilliant  career.  OMER  did  all  that  any  general  could  do  to  relieve  a  besieged  fortress.  He  selected  Redout  Kaleh  as  a  place  of  debarca debarcation,  tion, debarcation,  as  from  that  point  he  was  enabled  to  march  against  the  enemy's  reserves,  outflank  MOURAVIEFF  on  his  extreme  left,  and,  at  the  same  time,  cut  off  all  his  communications  with  Gumri.  That  he  did  attack  the  enemy's  reserves,  and  rout  them,  and  advanced  within  a  few  miles  of  Kutais,  and  threatened  both  the  flank  and  rear  of  the  besieging  army,  is  certain.  And,  if  that  was  not  relieving  Kars,  we  do  not  know  what  was.  Had  he  marched  direct  for  Kars,  he  would  have  left  a  strong  army  on  the  Ingour  to  have  harassed  his  flank,  and  presently  to  have  taken  up  a  strong  position  on  his  rear,  when,  indeed,  he  might  have  been  charged  with  want  of  generalship  and  ordinary  military  foresight.  But,  as  it  is,  we  hope  to  hear  no  more  of  Oriental  scheming,  Greek  treachery,  and  Russian  intrigue  with  regard  to  the  conduct  of  that  really  great  man.  His  past  career  gives  him  an  indelible  claim  on  the  gratitude  of  the  French  and  English  nations,  and  his  future  services  may  be  required  when  lofty  genius,  untiring  energy,  and  great  military  experience,  alone  can  wrest  the  Ottoman  Empire  from  the  grasp  of  Russia,  or  an  Austrian  army  of  occupation."
