text
"'  on  the  28th  of  December,  from  which  it  would  appear  that  it  had  been  :  Resolved  :—That  we,  the  undersigned,  (being  members  of  the  Liverpool  United  Legal  Friendly  Burial  Society),  most  of  us  having  been  present  at  a  general  meeting  of  the  above  society,  held  this  evening  in  the  school  room,  Bevington  Hill,  do  now  form  ourselves  into  a  body,  for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  best  means  to  be  adopted  for  preventing  the  misapplication  of  the  funds  by  the  officers  and  collectors  of  the  said  society,  and  for  the  better  management  thereof,  as  well  as  for  the  more  pro proper  per proper  and  legitimate  mode  of  conducting  the  society's  meetings.  We  consider  ourse'ves  justified  in  adopting  this  course,  in  consequence  of  the  unjustifiable  conduct  pursued  by  the  president,  Mr.  Moses  Cullen,  assisted  by  many  of  the  collectors  at  this  meeting.  Firstly—ln  expelling  two  reporters  for  the  press,  in  the  most  uncourteous  manner,  against  the  wishes  of  almost  the  entire  meeting.  Secondly—ln  preventing  Mr.  Shepherd,  stationer,  Scotland  road,  from  moving  as  an  amendment,  the  follow following  ing following  resolution  :  —That  the  balance-sheet  do  not  pass  until  the  vote  of  the  committee  of  the  30th  of  November  last  be  rescinded,  which  vote  granted  to  the  sub-treasurer,  presi president,  dent, president,  collectors,  and  secretary,  (collectively)  the  sum  of  23201  9s  7d  •  (which  was  p  ronounce  d  b  y  th  e  au  dit  ors,  Messrs  Michael  Murphy  and  James  Boal,  to  be  illegal,  frau fraudulent,  dulent, fraudulent,  unjust,  and  unwarranted,  and,  in  consequence  of  which  they  refused  to  sign  the  balance-sheet,)—and,  in  addition,  seized  hold  of  him,  and  in  the  most  violent  manner,  attempted  to  hurl  him  from  the  platform.  Thirdly—The  illegal  manner  in  which  the  re-election  of  officers  and  committee  was  proceeded  with,  namely—pro namely—proposing  posing namely—proposing  them  on  the  platform,  declaring  them  carried,  without  being  put  from  the  chair,  so  that  the  majority  of  those  present,  could  know  nothing  of  what  was  taking  place.  To  redress  these  grievances,  and  prevent  their  recur recurrence,  rence, recurrence,  is  our  sole  object;  and  for  that  purpose  we  solicit  not  only  the  co-operation  of  the  Members  of  the  Society,  who  wish  to  see  justice  done,  but  of  the  public  at  large,  upon  whose  minds  we  beg  to  impress  this  one  fact  —That  by  far  the  greatest  bulk  of  the  contributions  is  collected  from  persons  in  needy  circumstances—persons  not  many  degrees  removed  from  actual  want,  and  whose  only  hope  of  decent  interment  after  death,  is  the  sum  to  be  received  by  their  relatiiies  from  the  society  to  which  they  have  contributed  during  life,  otherwise  becoming  a  burden  upon  the  parish—therefore,  for  these  reasons,  we  claim  the  support  of  every  right-thinking  individual  in  the  community,  in  exposing  and  punishing  (if  necessary)  the  perpetrators  of  this  atrocious  fraud,  and  of  establishing  the  society  on  a  sure  and  permanent  basis  ;  and  under  such  a  system  of  management  as  will  ensure  the  savings  of  the  need,  but  provident  contributors,  from  needless  extravagance  and  reckless  peculation.  The.  Chairman  then  stated  that  the  committee  had  signed  an  agreement  with  Messrs.  Fletcher  &amp;  Hull,  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  retaining  them  to  take  such  legal  steps  as  might  be  necessary,  and  all  they  required  of  the  members  was  to  sign  them  an  indemnity,  and  to  come  forth  with  subscrip subscriptions  tions subscriptions  to  enable  them  to  prosecute  their  investigation.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Francis  Smith,  seconded  by  Mr.  Peter  Scott,  the  resolutions,  as  read  by  the  secretary,  were  unanimously  confirmed.  The  subscription  list  was  then  circulated  in  the  room,  but  it  was  stated  that  it  would  be  announced  where  the  document  would  be  placed  for  signature.  After  transacting  some  business  of  a  formal  character,  the  meeting  separated."
