text
"against  it  MR.  COBDEN  is  again  before  the  public  one  of  those  matter-of-fact  men,  who  require  sti  mulating,  or  what  is  vulgarly  called  stirring  up,  '  occasionally.  That  he  has  lately  had  to  bear  a  respectable  share  of  popular  reanimation  is  quite  certain.  His  appearance  to  take  an  active  part  in  public  matters  is  a  circumstance  of  some  import.  At  the  re-opening  of  the  Barnsley  Mechanics'  Institution,  on  Wednesday  night,  he  delivered  a  very  lengthy  speech  on  education,  and  on  this  occasion  we  find  him  giving  expression  to  those  liberal  sentiments  which  pervade  the  whole  of  his  public  career.  His  facts  are  nevertheless  most  bitter  and  humiliating.  He  tells  us  that  in  one  of  the  most  distinguished  manufacturing  towns  in  England,  the  art  of  drawing,  so  essential  in'  cor correct  rect correct  designing,  is  almost  unknown,  while  the  only  hope  of  improvement  he  could  discover,  was  Buell  as  could  be  picked  up  by  the  operatives  from  the  ninth  or  tenth  part  of  a  drawing  master,  an  in instructor  structor instructor  whose  labours  were  spread  over  eight  or  nine  other  large  towns.  Compare  these  facts  with  what  we  see  in  France  and  other  continental  countries,  where  the  finest  touches  of  the  greatest  masters  in  the  Arts  can  be  discovered  in  the  works  of  the  humblest  operative  sculptor,  embellisher,'and  weaver.  Even  the  needle  of  the  simplest  sempstress  shows  a  knowledge  of  art,  while  the  chaste  and  gorgeous  tapestry  of  remote  ages  supplies  the  patterns  for  the  lace  workers  in  the  lowliest  cottages.  What  wisdom,  what  forethought,  what  comprehensiveness  and  en enlightenment  lightenment enlightenment  have  the  rulers  of  the  Continent  shown  r  in  thus  refining  and  shaping  the  taste  and  habits  of  the  people.  He  is  The  health,  happiness,  and  stability  of  a  nation  may  be  measured  by  its  refinement.  How  many  millions  of  men  have  been  won  over  to  the  Latin  Church,  and  other  formula  of  religion,  by  the  exquisite  works  of  Scriptural  painters.  The  Early  Fathers  of  these  churches  were  not  slow  in  discoVering  the  extraordinary  power  which  the  true  and  life-like  delineations  of  the  artists'  pencil  exercised  on  the  human  eye  and  heart.  The  tapes tapestries  tries tapestries  of  the  temples  of  antiquity  were  the  Only  records  of  virtuous  and  heroic  deeds  left  to  emulate  those  mighty  nations  that  first  made  war  on  the  primitive  degradation  and  hopelessness  of  man.  In  every  age  remarkable  for  purity  and  the  durability  of  its  institutions,  the  art  of  painting  and  drawing  is  found  to  hold  a  most  conspicuous  place.  Nor  do  we  find  any  nation  distinguished  for  learning,  which  was  not  deeply  indebted  to  the  great  masters  in  the  Arts,  for  many  details  necessary  to  link  together  the  facts,  and  complete  the  history,  of  scene  memorable  epoch.  Important  and  interesting  as  the  subject  of  artistic  education  really  is  in  this  point  of  view,  how  much  more  so  must  it  be  when  we  consider  the  extraordinary  advantages  foreigners  have  over  Englishmen,  in  the  production  of  those  fabrics  to  which  designs  impart  nine-tenths  of  their  value  ?  The  gain  of  one  State  is  the  great  incen incentive  tive incentive  to  imitation  by  another.  If  Manchester  has  grown  in  magnitude,  and  become  rich  by  calico  weaving  and  printing,  what  is  to  prevent  other  countries—France,  for  instance—from  adopting  those  trades,  and  with  the  vast  advantage  of  a  refined  artistic  taste  for  designing,  and  a  more  perfect  chemical  knowledge  of  dying  and  the  proper  application  of  colours  ?  If  the  artistic  education  4  a  people  was  a  matter  no  longer  possible,  we  silo  ald  not  be  sur surprised  prised surprised  at  the  apathy  which  exists  on  the  subject  in  our  large  manufacturing  towns.  But  where  it  can  be  accomplished  by  the  expenditure  of  a  moderate  sum  of  money  annually,  we  cannot  help  expressing  our  astonishment  that  it  has  not  been  taken  up  before,  as  a  means  of  closing  the  doors  of  our  manufacturing  prosperity  against  all  probability  of  innovation.  On  the  subject  of  scholastic  Education,  Mr.  Cobden  spoke  with  great  force  and  truth.  He  described  with  his  usual  ability  the  moral  and  social  degradation  of  the  people,  as  well  as  the  political  dangers  of  a  State,  where  the  population  is  immersed  in  ignorance.  He  cites  one  case,  where  a  magistrate  of  Manchester  had  attended  the  swearing-in  of  the  Militia  in  one  of  the  largest  manufacturing  towns  in  the  kingdom,  and  that  not  one-half  of  the  men  could  read,  and  not  one-third  could  sign  their  names  or  age  !  Again,  he  says,  as  I  came  with  a  gentlethan  from  Pres Preston  ton Preston  the  other  day,  he  told  me  that  he  attended  a  coroner's  inquest,  one  day  last  week,  and  out  of  thirteen  jurymen,  five  signed  their  names  and  eight  made  their  Here,  then,  we  have  besotted  ignorance  called  to  discharge  a  duty  of  the  utmost  importance,  and  one  in  which  the  life  and  liberty  of  the  subject  was  left  to  the  disposal  of  eight  men  who  could  not  write,  and,  in  all  probability,  could  - STYLE=superscript  not  read  their  own  verdict,  much  less  the  depositions  when  written  for  them.  This  is,  indeed,  a  lamentable  statement  of  facts  to  go  before  the  world.  But  what  shall  we  say  of  those  education-mongers  -who  have  been  harping  about  schools  and  schoolmasters,  and  who  have  not  forgotten  to  draw  rather  largely  on  the  pockets  of  the  public,  for  funds  to  promote  the  education  of  the  people?  It  is  now  nearly  a  quarter  of  a  century  since  the  National  School  system  was  first  introduced,  to  which  Ragged  Schools  have  since  been  added,  and  yet  when  we  go  abroad  among  the  younger  portions  of  the  population,  whose  age  may  vary  from  ten  to  twenty  years,  we  find  but  little  trace  of  instruction,  and  as  great  a  want  of  refinement,  as  it  is  possible  to  conceive.  What,  then,  has  become  of  the  money  raised  to  supply  the  great  want  of  scholastic  education  ?  This  is  a  question  we  shall  not  lose  sight  of;  in  the  mean meantime,  time, meantime,  we  must  content  ourselves  by  returning  to  Mr.  Cobden's  remarks  on  the  evils  attending  which  he  attributes  entirely  to  the  ignorance  of  both  the  disputants.  On  this  subject,  the  observations  expressed  by  Mr.  Cobden  are  precisely  similar  to  the  opinions  which  we  have  promulgated  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  To  grapple  with  the  elements  of  society,  by  which  millions  of  beings  are  clothed,  fed  and  housed,  requires  no  ordinary  amount  of  education,  in  addition  to  great  experience  and  considerable  ability.  The  most  perfect  system  of  instruction  cannot  supply  all  that  information  we  find  cen centered  tered centered  in  a  few,  to  the  great  multitude;  but,  as  Mr.  Cobden  truly  observes,  in  referring  to  the  existing  strikes  :  We  do  not  find,  every  time  the  cessation  of  work  by  25,000  of  the  community  takes  place,  the  military  called  out  and  blood  shed.  We  see  an  amount  of  passive  endurance  which  certainly,  if  it  had  wisdom  and  true  policy  at  its  back,  would  be  highly  commendable.  We  see  none  of  that  vio violence  lence violence  which  we  formerly  saw,  and  we  shall  live  to  see  the  time  when  another  step  will  be  taken  in  intelligence—when  men  will  settle  those  matters,  not  by  resorting  to  blind  pas passion—not  sion—not passion—not  by  the  multitude  of  gathering  together,  and  vitu vituperating  perating vituperating  one  another—but  we  shall,  instead  of  that,  see  per perfect  fect perfect  liberty  given  to  all  parties,  whether  it  be  masters  or  whether  it  be  men,  to  arrange  these  things  according  to  their  own  interest  and  will  ;  and  when  that  is  the  case  the  rate  of  wages  will  be  settled  just  as  quietly  as  you  see  the  price  of  any  article  settled  in  the  market.  This  augury  simply  applies  to  the  operative  classes,  who  are  certainly,  through  their  own  good  sense,  making  rapid  strides  in  education  by  means  of  the  facilities  which  Mechanics'  Institutes  afford  for  self-instruction.  But  among  the  great  masses  below  mechanical  classes,  we  find  the  demon  igno ignorance  rance ignorance  in  all  its  worst  form  ;  and  to  illustrate  the  impending  dangers  to  society  from  this  source,  we  must  again  use  Mr.  COBDEN'S  words  All  of  us  must  admit  that  the  mass  of  this  countsy  do  go govern.  vern. govern.  In  the  last  resort  they  are  called  in  to  arbitrate  on  all  questions  that  touch  our  national  interests  ;  and  we  must  all  admit  that  it  is  best  to  have  an•arbitrator  who  has  been  trained  to  think— thinkwho  who thinkwho  .  have  been  accustomed  to  weigh  and  discuss  reasons,  and  to  deduce  conclusions  from  facts  and  evidence—it  is  better  to  have  parties  of  this  kind  to  settle  great  national  questions  than  to  refer  such  mighty  interests  to  the  arbitration  of  ignorance,  prejudice,  and  SOME  Toronto  newspapers  falling  into  our  hands  just  now,  direct  our  attention  to  Upper  Canada,  of  which  Toronto  is  the  capital.  In  one  of  the  leading  papers  of  that  place,  now  lying  before  us,  it  is  stated  in  substance,  that  the  Province  has  already  become  one  of  the  United  States,  for  all  commer commercial  cial commercial  pUrposes—that  the  bonds  which  fasten  it  to  England  are  growing  weaker  and  weaker,  and  its  adhesion  to  the  United  States  stronger  and  stronger.  Yow  it  must  not  be  understood,  that  any  alienation  of  political  feeling  on  the  part  of  the  inhabitants  against  the  mother  country,  or  any  tendency  to  disloyalty,  superinduced  the  declaration  above  noted.  On  the  contrary;  it  will  be  remembered  that,  when  Lower  Canada  rose  in  rebellion  against  'the  United  Kingdom,  in  1837,  it  was  owing  to  the  loyalty  and  prompt  action  of  the  Upper  Province  that  the  insurrection  was  so  Suddenly  . STYLE=superscript  and  effectually  suppressed.  Again,  let  it  be  noted,  that  the  people  of  the  Upper  Province,  in  contradistinction  from  the  Lower  Province,  are  of  a  political  status  giving  pledge  of  loyalty.  While  a  majority  of  the  people  of  the  Lower  Province  are  nationally  French,  and  re religiously  ligiously religiously  Roman  Catholic,  the  inhabitants  of  the  Upper  Province  are-1,  the  descendants  of  the  Tory-Refugees,  whose  fathers  fled  from  the  States  during  the  Revolutionary  war;  2,  Scotch  farmers,  and,  3,  of  English  gentlemen,  landowners,  bankers,  merchants,  tradesmen,  &amp;c.  Their  religion  is  de decidedly  cidedly decidedly  Protestant,  divided  pretty  equally  into  Episcopalian,  Wesleyan,  Presbyterian,  and  Baptists.  Here,  then,  the  people,  in  blood,  religion,  pur pursuits,  suits, pursuits,  and  social  habits,  are  essentially  British;  and  yet  they  declare,  themselves,  that  they  have  become  one  of  the  United  States  for  all  commer commercial  cial commercial  purposes  ;  and  that  they  are  fast  cutting  loose  from  the  Home  country.  How  is  this  ?  Why,  look  at  this  magnificent  Province  geographically,  and  the  enigma  is  explained.  The  settlements  of  the  Province  commence  at  the  north-east,  below  Kingston,  and  stretch  south-west  along  the  shores  of  Lake  Ontario,  the  River  Niagara,  and  Lake  Erie,  for  about  six  hundred  miles,  to  Detroit  River  and  Lake  St.  Clair.  Most  of  the  land  is  rich  in  soil,  and  equal  to  Western  New  York  and  Michi Michigan;  gan; Michigan;  and  lying  in  the  same  lallt,uae,  the  climate  being  of  the  same  temperature.  But  the  local  position  of  this  fine  Province  is  such,  that  it  must  be  mixed  up  with  the  surround  ing  -  States  in  all  its  business  operations.  The  great  State  of  New  York  bounds  the  Province  south  and  east,  through  the  centres  of  Lake  Ontario  and  Lake  Erie.  Ohio  and  Pennsylvania  cut  in  for  a  share  of  the  boundary  towards  the  head  of  Lake  Erie.  On  the  west,  are  the  two  thriving  States—Michigan  and  Wisconsin.  Now,  it  occurs,  that  these  productive  States  are  all  alive  in  the  enterprise  of  internal  communication  by  railways.  Upper  Canada  lies  wedged  in  between  the  Lakes  Ontario,  Erie,  and  Huron  ;  and  the  most  direct  route  from  Western  New  York  to  Wisconsin  and  the  Far  West,  would  span  Upper  Canada  through  its  most  cultivated  and  richest  part.  The  Province  cannot  resist  the  temptation,  thus  to  be  linked  to  those  great  thriving  States  ;  and  she  foresees  that  this  commercial  artery  will  let  her  out  directly  to  the  Atlantie,  via  Albany  and  New  York,  thereby  avoiding  the  long  and  tedious  route  by  the  River  and  Gulf  of  St.  Law Lawrence.  rence. Lawrence.  The  moment  this  railway  project  is  com completed  pleted completed  (and  it  is  now  in  rapid  progress),  the  interests  of  Upper  Canada  will  be  as  much  iden identified  tified identified  with  the  commerce  of  New  York,  as  are  those  of  any  of  the  Western  States.  But  this,  so  far  from  injuring  the  Province,  will  give  a  new  life-spring  to  its  population  ;  and  a  portion  of  the  redundant  population  now  floating  off  to  Austra Australia,  lia, Australia,  will  turn  their  attention  Westward,  where  the  land  is  cheaper,  and  very  much  better  than  at  the  Antipodes.  We  look  that,  when  the'  Gold  shall  somewhat  abate,  men  will  find  that  digging  but  the  depth  of  the  ploughshare  for  gold,  is  the  most  sure  way  of  finding  it  ;  and  especially  if  they  dig  in  the  luxurious  soil  of  Upp.er  Canada.  So  the  embryo  Mayor  is  not  to  be  permitted  to  walk  the  of  Abercromby  Ward,  at  the  en ensuing  suing ensuing  Municipal  Election.  We  are  glad  to  find  that  the  remarks  which  we  ventured  to  offer  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  have  already  produced  their  fruits.  It  will  be  seen,  on  reference  to  another  column,  that  J.  HOUGHTON  BRANCKER,  Esq.,  has  consented  to  be become  come become  a  candidate  to  represent  the  ward  in  the  Town  Council.  He  has  issued  an  address  to  the  Electors,  and  a  public  meeting  of  his  supporters  is  to  be  held  this  evening.  We  believe  a  more  suitable  selection  of  a  candidate  could  not  have  been  made.  Mr.  BRANCKER  is  the  nephew  of  the  late  Sir  THOMAS  BRANCKER,  and  his  name  has  long  been  associated  with  the  progress  and  welfare  of  the  Borough.  He  is  a  man  of  considerable  attain attainments,  ments, attainments,  and  his  position  is  such  as  to  justify  the  belief  that,  if  elected,  he  will  render  valuable  ser services  vices services  to  his  fellow-townsmen.  Remembering  the  triumphant  manner  in  which  the  Electors  of  Aber Abercromby  cromby Abercromby  Ward  last  year  returned  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  to  the  Council,  we  can  have  no  doubt  but  that  Mr.  BRANCKER  will,  on  the  day  of  Elec Election,  tion, Election,  receive  an  amount  of  support  commensurate  with  his  fitness  and  qualifications  for  the  office.  Yesterday,  Dr.  Goss,  the  new  Roman  Catholic  Bishop  of  Liverpool,  officiated  at  the  opening  of  the  new  Roman  Catholic  chapel  of  Sutton.  The  Health  committee  did  not  meet  yesterday  and  no  meeting  will  take  place  until  after  the  re-constructio  of  the  committee  on  the  9th  prox.  by  the  council.  SHIP  LETTERS  FOR  AUSTRALIA,  BY  THE  GOLDEN  AGE.—We  perceive  that  the  Post-office  authorities  have  advertised  that  ship  letters  for  Melbourne  and  Sydney  will  be  taken  out  by  the  Golden  Age,  which  sails  from  Liverpool  on  the  10th  of  next  month.  ROYAL  INSTITUTION  SCHOOL.-011  Saturday  last,  Mr.  G.  Abram,  Sizar  of  Clair  Hall,  Cambridge,  was  elected  to  the  vacant  Canning  Scholarship,  in  the  above  school,  by  the  two  examiners,  Mr.  H.  Ueir,  M.A.,  of  Cai  us  C  o  ll  ege  ,  second  master  of  Edinburgh  Academy,  and  Mr.  John  Bell,  M.A.,  of  St.  John's  College.  Mr.  R.  D  uc  k  wor  th,  w  h  ose  election  we  lately  noticed  from  the  Royal  Institution  to  a  scholarship  at  University  College,  Oxford,  did  not  enter  as  a  candidate  on  this  occasion.  It  appears  that  the  10,000  sovereigns  which  were  lost  from  the  Osmanli  steamer  have  been  recovered.  The  news  was  received  on  Wednesday  from  Marseilles  by  elec electric  tric electric  telegraph,  and  was  conveyed  to  that  port  by  the  overland  mail,  which  arrived  there  on  Wednesday.  We  believe  that  the  result  of  this  year's  revision  of  the  South  Lancashire  register  will  be  a  gain  to  the  Libe Liberal  ral Liberal  interest  of  from  1,500  to  2,000  voters.  THE  CITY  OF  LONDON  COMMIISION.—Yesterday  forenoon,  the  commissioners  recently  appointed  to  enquire  into  the  management  of  the  corporation  of  the  city  of  Lon London,  don, London,  heid  their  first  sitting  at  the  official  residence  of  the  Prime  Minister  in  Downing-street.  The  commissioners  presant  were---the  Right  Hon.  Henry  Labouchere,  the  Right  Hon.  Sir  John  Pattison,  and  G.  C.  Lewis,  Esq.  None  of  the  City  magistrates  were  in  attendance,  and  the  represen representatives  tatives representatives  of  the  public  press  were  not  admitted.  The  com commissioners  missioners commissioners  were  engaged  in  consultation  up  to  2  o'clock,  and  they  are  to  sit  again  on  Tuesday  next,  at  iI.  It  is  under understood  stood understood  that  they  will  sit  every  Tuesday,  Wednesday,  'Thurs 'Thursday  day 'Thursday  and  Friday  at  twelve  o'clock  for  some  weeks  to  come.  At  these  meetings  reporters  will  be  admitted,  except  when  the  commissioners  are  engaged  in  private  consultation.  ESCAPE  FROM  DROWNING.—BRAVE  CONDUCT  OF  A  DOCK  GATEMAN.—Last  evening  about  seven  o'clock,  a  man  fell  into  the  Union  Dock,  and  would•  inevitably  have  been  drowned,  were  it  not  for  the  assistance  rendered  him.  On  the  cry  of  a  man  overboard  beingraised,  Mr.  Lewis,  dock-gateman,  Union  Dock,  lowered  himself  down  into  the  water  by  means  of  a  rope,  seized  hold  of  the  party  who  was  drowning,  and  suc succeeded  ceeded succeeded  in  keeping  his  head  above  the  water  until  George  Corfield,  No.  2,  dock-gateman  of  the  Coburg  Dock,  came  to  his  assistance  in  a  boat.  Ry  the  united  efforts  of  Lewis  and  Corfield  the  man  was  got  into  the  boat,  landed,  and  conveyed  to  the  Southern  Hospital.  Mr.  Joseph  Wood,  dock-master,  also  rendered  valuable  assistance  in  rescuing  the  party  immersed.  It  appears  this  is  the  fifth  man  Lewis  has  saved  since  his  ap appointment  pointment appointment  as  dock-gateman.  His  bravery  and  humanity  will  entitle  him  to  the  consideration  of  the  Humane  Society.  PUBLIC  MEETING  IN  LONDON  ON  THE  Russo-  TURKISH  DISPUTE.—A  meeting  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  Tower  Hamlets  was  held  on  Wednesday  night,  give  expression  to  opinion  on  the  Eastern  Captain  Mayne  Reed  took  the  chair,  and  made  a  speech  attacking  Lord  Palmerston  for  not  aiding  to  release  Kossuth  from  Kutayah  censoring  Mr.  Cobden  for  his  peace  theories  ;  and  referring  hotly  to  Hungarian  A  letter  from  Mr.  Charles  Salisbury  Butler,  M.P.,  respectfully  intimated  his  inability  to  attend,  adding  Although  I  am  as  anxious  as  most  men  that  our  national  honour  should  remain  untarnished,  it  is  impossible  to  avoid  a  painful  reflection  on  the  frightful  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  an  European  Mr.  Duncombe  excused  him himself  self himself  by  pleading  a  previous  engagement,  and  Lord  Dudley  Stuart  wrote  to  the  same  effect,  also  advising  that  the  enthu enthusiasm  siasm enthusiasm  of  meetings  on  the  Eastern  question  should  not  be  directed  to  other  objects.  Mr.  William  Newton  spoke,  con condemning  demning condemning  secret  diplomacy.  Mr.  David  Urquhart  followed.  He  attacked  the  government  for  not  assisting  Turkey.  A  resolution  censuring  the  Ministry  for  want  of  energy  in  sup supporting  porting supporting  the  Porte  was  then  passed  ;  but  one  gentleman  in  the  meeting  having  attributed  all  the  proceedings  of  Russia  to  the  conduct  of  the  English  government,  that  opinion  was  put  into  another  resolution,  and  formally  carried.  There  seemed  no  division  of  opinion  among  the  parties  present,  and  at  an  early  hour  the  assembly  separated.  FARMING  IN  THE  WEST.—The  Devonshire  farmers  have  ceased  to  grumble  ;  they  are  reaping.  a  golden  harvest.  The  crops,  on  the  whole,  have  been  good,  and  the  wheat  has  been  got  in  in  very  excellent  condition.  As  a  proof  of  the  advantages  the  agriculturists  have  derived  from  free  trade,  our  correspondent  states  that  a  t  th  e  var  i  ous  di  s  t  r  i  ct  ploughing  matches  held  during  the  last  week  or  two,  the  subject  of  Protection  has  not  been  mentioned.  A  short  time  ago  the  Bookers  and  Chowlers  of  Devonshire  were  tin  the  habit  of  vehemently  insisting  that  Protection  must  and  should  be  had  ;  but  these  worthies  have  been  silent  for  some  time,  and  the  agriculturists  generally  are  constrained  to  acknowledge  that  they  are  reaping  the  benefit  of  free  trade.  One  Devonshire  'squire,  who  clung  to  the  id  ea  o  f  P  ro  t  ec  ti  on  with  surprising  tenacity,  and  complained  bitterly  of  having  been  obliged  to  reduce  his  establishment  and  discharge  his  servants,  sold  this  year's  wheat  a  short  time  ago,  in  the  Exeter  Market,  for  10s.  per  bushel.  Prices  of  grain  in  the  western  markets  are  high,  and  cattle  are  very  dear,  and  have  continued  so  for  some  tune.  The  average  price  of  wheat  is  about  9s.  per  bushel  ;  barley  ss.  ;  beef  has  fetched  within  the  last  few  weeks  1  is.  per  score,  and  mutton  7d.  per  lb.  Pork  has  realized  7d.  and  even  Bd.  per  lb.  Dairy  produce  is  equally  dear.  Added  to  this,  there  is  an  abundant  appl  e  crop,  and  the  root  crop,  turnip  especially,  is  remarkably  good.  LITERARY  REUNION  AT  TAMWORTH  SIR  ROBERT.  PEEL  ON  STRIKES.  A  very  interesting  demonstration  took  place  at  Tamworth  on  Tuesday.  The  anniversary  meeting  of  the  library  of  the  town  (rendered  remarkable  by  the  presidency  and  addresses  of  the  late  Sir  Robert  Peel)  was  held,  and  derived  addi additional  tional additional  importance  on  this  occasion  from  its  being  connected  with  a  conference  of  delegates  from  the  mechanics'  institu institutions  tions institutions  of  the  Midland  Counties.  The  delegates  discussed  measures  necessary  for  the  efficient  establishment  and  man management  agement management  of  mechanics'  and  other  establishments  of  a  similar  nature.  Sir  Robert  Peel  was  elected  president  for  the  ensuing  year,  in  the  room  of  the  Earl,  of  Yarborough,  whose  term  of  office  expired.  The  principal  attraction  of  the  proceedings  was  the  conversazione  held  at  the  town  hall  in  the  evening.  Sir  Robert  Peel  and  a  distinguished  body  of  visitors  at  Drayton,  called  specially  together  for  the  occasion,  were  early  in  attendance.  Sir  ROBERT  PEEL  spoke  at  some  length,  and  in  an  appro appropriate  priate appropriate  spirit.  he  said,  to  givo  to  the  working  classes  of  England  as  much  of  the  literature  of  the  country,  carefully  selected,  as  the  literature  of  the  country  could  He  exp  r  es  se  d  a  h  o  p  e  parliament  was  about  to  inaugurate  a  measure  of  primary  education  applicable  to  the  whole  kingdom.  Lord  John  Russell,  beyond  all  other  statesmen,  was  capable  of  digesting  such  a  measure;  but  the  task  would  be  beyond  the  powers  of  any  government  to  accomplish  unless  it  received  the  co cooperative  operative cooperative  support  of  the  people.  (Cheers.)  Sir  Robert  next  denounced  the  strikes  which  have  recently  occurred  in  the  north,  and  said  that  it  was  that  which  cheated  labour  of  its  hire,  and  robbed  the  wife,  family,  and  firesides  of  the  honest  labourer.  It  was  only  the  other  day  that  he  observed  there  was  a  strike  in  Stockport.  Not  fewer  than  20,000  workpeople  were  said  to  have  and,  in  wages  to  operatives  and  profits  to  maste  r  s,  not  less  than  £150,000  was  in  a  given  period  lost—a  s  muc  h  , STYLE=superscript  just  as  much,  as  a  loan  to  Russia.  (Cheers  and  laughter).  He  (Sir  Robert)  now  saw  that  there  was  a  strike  in  Preston.  He  should  like  very  much  the  opportunity  of  going  to  Preston  and  telling  those  turnout  workpeople  that  wages  did  not  depend  upon  them  or  their  masters,  but  upon  the  standard  state  of  trade.  (Cheers.)  He  cautioned  the  workmen  of  England  against  the  doctrines  which  led  to  strikes  for  wages.  -  .  Addresses  were  delivered  in  the  course  of  the  evening  by  Mr.  Monckton  Milnes,  M.  P.;  Mr.  Adderley,  M.  P.;  Dr.  Lyon  Playfair,  the  Earl  of  Yarborough,  Mr.  Hill,  Recorder  of  Birminglam,"
