text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for-  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  Ind  those  from  London  may  be  seen  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  ill  communications  warded  to  th  CHARLES  WILLIII  to  the  care  of  Me  ,~~DTtJiPTII  lJiiilq  iinit  SATURDAY,  NOVEMBER  12,  1853  THE  of  all  the  has  issued  Manifesto,  declaring  war  against  the  Ottoman  PORTE.  It  is  published  in  the  Journal  de  St  Petersburg,  and  will  be  found,  in  extenso,  in  ano  her  column  Every  intelligence  from  the  seat  of  War  serves  o  confirm  the  opinion  that  the  hostile  Powers  are  both  fully  determined  to  settle  the  Easters  dispute  by  having  recourse  to  the  fearful  alterm  ive  of  a  bloody  contest;  The  sword  alone  mus  ow  settle  what  a  shuffling  diplomacy  in  vain  laboured  to  effect  kn  account  has  reached  the  Ottoman  Embassy  of  an  attack  which  had  taken  place  near  Batounc  n  the  26th  ult  lid  that  5,000  men  were  on  the  field  ;  and  that  after  a  smart  engagemen  both  armies  returned  to  their  previous  quarters  On  the  2nd  instant  the  combined  fleets  anchored  in  the  Bosphorus.  The  Admirals  DIINDAS  and  }TAMELIN  are  at  Constantinople  Not  on  the  Danube  alone,  but  likewise  on  the  rontiers  of  Asia,  hostilities  are  actively  heinE  ngaged  in;  and  the  Turkish  troops  are  said  to  be  successful  It  is  viewed  as  very  probable  that  a  genera  action  has  been  fought  by  this  time—and  that  3ucharest  ht.  been  stormed.  From  the  highes  sources  we  learn  that  the  Turkish  General  an  flounced  the  march  to  Wallachia  as  the  principa  )bject  of  his  military  operations.  The  result  is  anticipated  with  the  utmost  anxiety  The  conduct  pursued  by  the  Turkish  troops  stands  out  in  bold  relief  from  that  adopted  by  those  of  Russia;  and  the  two  organs  of  the  French  Government,  speak  highly  in  praise  of  the,  one  and  in  condemnation  of  the  other.  Altogether  the  policy  pursued  by  the  SULTAN  has  been  most  forbearing;  and  no  other  Power  would  have  borne  so  patiently,  or  so  long,  Russia's  daring  arrogance  and  iniquitous  usurpation  A:►iowu  an  endless  number  of  items  of  war  news  we  find  a  proclamation  establishing  martial  law  at  Bucharest,  and  which  contains  the  following  1-  All  merchant  vessels,  whether  Russian,  or  carrying  the  Wolda-Wallachian  flag,  are  from  this  day  to  cease  to  navigate  the  Danube,  and  to  remain  where  they  may  now  be  2.  All  relations  betweer  the  two  ban  s  of  the  river  are  interrupted,  and  there  shall  not  be  sold  to  the  Turks  either  wheat,  alt,  or  any  other  article.  Persons  disobeying  this  1  by  martial  law.  3.  All  those  order  will  I  who  shall  keep  up  any  correspondence  or  other  shall  also  be  tried  by  relations  with  the  Turks  martial  la%  Will  Lord  A  DEEP  be  good  enough  to  tell  us  what  he  calls  th  We  fancy  we  hear  him  exclaim exclaiming,  ing, exclaiming,  Pooh!  It  means  nothing.  We  have  to  congratulate  the  country  on  the  continuance  of  the  most  friendly  relations  with  all  foreign  powers,  particularly  withßus  sia,  but  should  war  be  demand demanded—plainly  ed—plainly demanded—plainly  demanded—then  in  that  case  I  find  it  hole  duty  of  that  to  main maintain  tain maintain  peace  is  the  duty  of  every  Christian  Surely  we  cannot  be  dreaming!  The  above  speech  comes  too  near  the  quaintness  of  the  Scottish  PREMIER  of  England  to  be  mistaken.  Accustomed  to  lounge  about  on  the  easy  benches  of  the  Upper  House  of  Parliament,  he  can  scarcely  be  expected  to  shake  off  the  dust  of  habit,  and  enter  on  the  busines  of  a  foreign  war  with  that  dispatch  which  has  distinguished  many  greater  men  from  the  Highland  soil.  written  in  The  PREMIER  evidently  took  office  on  the  distinct  understanding  that  he  was  not  to  go  to  war  with  any  one.  We  admire  this  idea  .  amazingly;  but  it  is  a  matter  much  to  be  regretted  that  there  was  no  proviso  in  t  Angement  to  the  ef&amp;et  that  should  a  war  be  declared,  that  the  Premiership  should  pass  into  other,  and  more  energetic  hands.  Let  us  hope  that  th  absence  of  such  a  clause  in  the  ministerial  coition  will  not  prove  a  direful  omission  for  the  honour  and  interest  of  Great  Britain  !  This  country  being  sick  of  all  party  con contests,  tests, contests,  has  extended  to  the  present  First  Lord  of  the  Treasury  a  degree  of  quietude  and  indulgence  never  before  shown  to  any  man  holding  that  most  responsible  office.  This  indulgence  cannot,  and  must  not,  be  ex extended  tended extended  much  further.  Lord  ABERDEEN  must  apply  himself  to  the  crisis  of  the  day  in  some  way  intelligible  to  the  country.  The  Proclamation  from  the  Russian  camp  is  addressed  to  Englishmen  as  well  as  the  people  of  other  countries  who  are  threatened  with  the  tender  mercies  of  Russian  shall  not  be  sold  to  the  Turks  nartial-la  wheat,  salt,  or  any  other  article.  Persons  disobe3  tng  this  order  will  be  tried  by  martial  law  This  is  a  matter  of  no  concern  to  Lord  ABERDEEb  it  is  a  most  conclusive  caution  to  British  trade"
