text
"THE  POOR  LAW  BOARD.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  MORNING  CHRONICLE.  SIR,—At  a  meeting  held  at  Manchester  on  the  12th  inst.,  to  consider  the  subject  of  the  powers  of  the  poor-law  board,  the  chairman  is  reported  to  have  stated  :  According  to  a  parliamentary  return  of  last  session,  the  cost  of  the  central  poor-law  establishment  at  Gwydyr-house,  was  £260,000  an 'annually.'  No  parliamentary  return  of  the  last  or  any  proceeding  session  will  be  found  to  contain  or  bear  out  this  state statement.  ment. statement.  on  a.  reibrence  to  the  estimates  for  the  current  year,  laid  before  parliament  last  session,  it  will  be  seen  that  the  entire  cost  of  the  establishment  of  this  board,  including  the  salaries  of  the  president,  secretaries,  inspectors  (with  their  travelling  expenses),  clerks,  messengers,  and  servants,  together  with  the  law  charges,  and  all  incidental  expenses,  amounts  to  £34,073.  The  estimates  comprise,  besides  this  sum,  the  following  charges,  which,  although  connected  with  the  administration  of  the  poor-laws,  form  no  part  of  the  expenses  of  the  central  establishment,  and  which,  until  the  year  1846,  were  defrayed  exclusively  out  of  the  poor-rates,  namely  .  Salaries  of  the  auditors  of  the  poor-law  unions...  Salaries  of  schoolmasters  and  schoolmistresses  in  poor-law  unions  One-half  of  the  expenses  of  the  salaries  of  medical  officers  in  the  several  poor-law  districts..  .  80,000  •  According  to  the  same  estimates,  the  aggregate  cost  of  the  poor-law  boards  for  England,  Scotland,  and  Ireland,  includ•  ing  the  salaries  of  auditors,  school-teachers,  and  medical  offi.  cers,  amount  to  £214,494.—.1  have  the  honour  to  be,  sir  your  obedient  servant,  .  £13,500  22,000  C  Poor-law  Board,  Whitehall,  Dec.  13  OURTENA;  Secretary,  COUNTY  COURT  JUDGMENT.  DEPUTATION  TO  LORD  PALMERSTON.—A  deputation,  con consisting  sisting consisting  of  Messrs.  E.  11.  Payne,  mayor  of  Wallingford,  John  Dalzell,  magistrate,  R.  H.  Allnatt,  M.D.,  Edward  Wells,  alderman,  T.  E.  Field,  alderman,  and  J.  J.  Allnatt,  waited  on  Lord  Palmerston  yesterday  morning,  by  appointment  at  tthe  home-alike  '  and  presented  to  him  a  memorial,  s  i  gne  d  b  y  the  high  steward,  the  mayor,  the  clergy,  and  other  leading  inhabitants  and  tradesmen  of  the  borough,  praying  for  an  inquiry  into  a  late  decision  of  Mr.  J.  B.  Parry,  Q.C.,  •  the  judge  of  the  Berkshire  county  court.  The  deputation  was  introduced  by  Mr.  Richard  Malins,  Q.C.,  the  member  for  the  borough.  It  was  represented  to  his  lordship  that  Thomas  Turner,  a  labouring  man,  with  a  family  of  young  children,  and  who  is  also  town-crier,  had  been  convicted  of  an  assault  on  Miss  Blackstone,  the  sister  of  the  former  member  for  the  borough.  The  offence  complained  of  was  of  the  mildest  character,  Turner  being  accused  of  merely  holding  up  his  fists  in  a  threatening  manner  towards  the  complainant  over  the  shoulder  of  a  man  who  stood  before  her.  The  lady  admitted  at  the  trial  that  she  was  not  even  alarmed  by  the  conduct  of  the  defendant.  For  this  comparatively  slight  offence  the  judge  sentenced  Turner  to  £5O  damages  with  full  costs  and  i  mme  di  a  t  e  execut  i  on,  and  his  goods  were  taken  under  the  legal  process  shortly  afterwards,  but  were  insufficient  to  pay  the  costs.  At  a  subsequent  court  the  judge,  after  inquiring  into  Turner's  means,  ordered  that  the  damages  and  costs  should  be  discharged  by  monthly  instal instalments  ments instalments  of  65.,  thus  in  affect  alie  na  ti  ng  a  cons  i  derable  portion  of  his  weekly  earnings  for  seventeen  years  prospectively,  or  subjecting  him,  in  default  of  payment,  to  repeated  monthly  imprisonments  during  the  whole  of  his  future  life,  a  process  which,  so  far  from  cancelling  the  debt,  would  materially  in increase  crease increase  its  amount  by  the  addition  of  the  heavy  fees  of  the  court  upon  atery  fresh  imprisonment.  The  sum  now  due  from  this  poor  man  amounts  to  £6B.  The  Mayor  and  the  other  gentlemen  present  bespoke  his  lordship's  consideration  to  the  unprecedented  severity  of  the  sentence,  the  discrepancy  of  the  evidence  on  which  the  con conviction  viction conviction  was  based,  the  absence  of  a  jury,  and  the  existence  of  circumstances  calculated  to  excite  the  defendant's  resent resentment  ment resentment  on  the  occasion  alluded  to  ;  they  moreover  expressed  their  belief  that  Turner  was  innocent  of  the  alleged  assault,  and  respectfully  urged  his  lordship  to  institute  further  inquiry  into  the  extraordinary  case,  with  a  view  to  such  ulterior  proceedings  on  behalf  of  an  h  onest  and  indus industrious  trious industrious  man  as  his  lordship  might  think  fit.  Turner  being  unable  to  pay  the  first  instalment  of  65.,  increased  by  costs  to  £2  ls.  6d.,  has  been  committed  to  Abingdon  gaol  for  thirty  days,  and  his  family  aro  now  dependent  for  support  on  the  Union  funds.  .  .  Lord  Palmerston,  having  listened  with  great  attention  to  the  statement  of  the  various  speakers,  stated  that  upon  a  prima  facie  view  of  the  case  it  certainly  appeared  one  of  great  hardship  and  cruelty.  He  was  not,  however,  prepared  at  the  moment  to  say  what  ulterior  proceedings  ought  to  be  taken,  but  he  assured  the  deputation  that  the  matter  should  receive  his  best  attention.  The  11fAxon  thanked  his  lordship,  on  behalf  of  the  town,  for  the  courteous  manner  in  which  the  deputation  had  been  received,  and  the  parties  then  withdrew.  —London  Paper.  LONDONDERRY  AND  ENNISKILLEN  RAILWAY.  —Traffic  receipts  for  the  week  ending  Dec.  10,  '1853  :—Passengers,  £lBO  3s.  Od.  ;  goods  and  mails,  £243  ls.  6d.  Total,  £423  4s.  6d.  (41  miles  open.)  Corresponding  week,  1852,  £376  15s.  Bd.  (34  miles  open.)  PXUZB  MONEY.—The  prize  money  to  the  Alecto  for  the  capture  of  a  launch  or  boat,  name  unknown,  on  the  6th  December,  1851,  will  be  payable  on  and  after  the  20th  i  ns  t.,  at  the  following  rates  :  --Flag,  171.  12s.  aid.  •  commander,  331.  6d.  ;  thi  r  d  class,  91.  10s.  72(1.  ;  fourth  class,  51.  14s.  41d.  ;  fifth  class,  3/.  6s.  81d.  ;  sixth  class,  2/.  17s.  24(1.  ;  seventh  clas-,  1/.  18s.  lid.  ;  eighth  class,  19s.  id.  ;  nia  t  class,  11s.  101,(1.;  tenth  class,  78.  lid.  COURT  01  7 STYLE=superscript  CHAJVCERY.  BEFORE  THE  LORD  AND  THE  LORD  JUSTICE  TURNER.  Ex  parte  Nielson  in  re  Edmond  —Bankruptcy.  This  was  are  hearing  of  a  matter  heard  before  the  Vice-  Chancellor  Knight  Bruce,  in  August,  1850.  The  petitioners  were  the  Messrs.  Nielson,  sharebrokers,  of  Liverpool;  and  they  prayed  that  the  assignee  of  W.  and  T.  Edmond,  bank bankrupts,  rupts, bankrupts,  might  be  directed  'to  execute  a  transfer  of  shares  of  the  Royal  Assurance  Company,  contracted  to  be  sold  by  them  for  W.  Edmond.  In  June,  1845,  a  prospectus  was  issued  for  the  formation  of  a  joint  stock  assurance  company,  at  Liverpool,  with  a  capital  of  two  millions  in  100,000  shares  of  £2O  each.  The  company  was  completely  registered  pur pursuant  suant pursuant  to  the  7th  and  Bth  Vic.,  c.  110,  and  in  July  Mr.  W.  Edmond  had  an  allotment  of  200  shares,  on  which  he  paid  the  premium  of  15s.  a  share,  together  with  the  first  call  of  20s.  a  share.  On  the  3rd  of  December,  Mr.  W.  Edmond  event  to  Bombay,  leaving  his  brother  Thomas  a  power  of  attorney  to  act  for  him.  On  the  9th  of  December  a  further  call  of  20s.  per  share  was  made  and  paid  by  Thomas,  and  a  receipt  given  for  it  by  the  officers  of  the  company.  There  had  been  no  execution  of  the  deed  of  settlement  on  the  part  of  William  when  he  left  England,  and  it  never  was  executed  in  consequence  of  the  doubts  that  were  raised  on  the  question  of  the  power  of  attorney  extending  to  such  an  act  as  the  execution  of  the  deed.  In  January,  1846,  instructions  were  given  to  the  Messrs.  Nielson  to  sell  the  200  shares,  and  they  accordingly  sold  three  p  arce  l  s  o  f  e  i  ghty,  fifty,  and  twenty twentyfive  five twentyfive  shares  to  different  parties.  Notice  of  these  sales  was  given  to  the  secretary  of  the  company,  and  being  approved  of,  transfers  of  the  shares  were  duly  executed  by  Thomas  Edmond  and  by  the  purchasers  ;  but  as  the  solicitor  of  the  company  was  of  opinion  that  the  transfers  could  not  be  re registered  gistered registered  until  the  deed  of  settlement  had  been  executed  by  `William  Edmond,  the  registration  of  the  deeds  of  transfer  was  postponed.  On  the  6th  of  March,  1846,  the  Edmonds  became  bankrupts,  and  their  assignees,  after  some  correspon correspondence  dence correspondence  and  inquiry,  refused  to  concur  in  the  transfer  of  any  of  the  shares  sold  for  W.  Edmond  by  the  Messrs.  Nielson,  and  Mr.  Commissioner  Skirrow  decided  that,  as  William  Edmond  had  not  been  duly  registered  as  a  shareholder  (which  he  could  not  have  been  from  the  deed  of  settlement  not  being  ex executed),  ecuted), executed),  all  that  had  been  done  was  inoperative,  and  tht  assignees  entitled  to  the  shares  as  part  of  the  assets  of  the  estate  of  Messrs  Edmond.  The  question  turns  principally  on  the  construction  of  the  26th  section  of  the  statute,  which  provides,  with  regard  to  subscribers,  and  every  person  en entitled  titled entitled  or  claiming  to  be  entitled  to  any  share  in  any  joint jointstock  stock jointstock  company,  the  formation  of  which  shall  be  commenced  after  the  Ist  of  November,  1844,  that  until  such  joint-stock  company  shall  have  obtained  a  certificate  of  complete  regis registration,  tration, registration,  and  until  any  such  subscriber,  or  person,  shall  have  been  duly  registered  as  a  shareholder  in  the  said  registry  office,  it  shall  not  be  lawful  for  such  person  to  dispose  by  sale  or  mortgage  of  such  share,  or  of  any  interest  therein,  and  that  every  contract  for  sale  or  disposal  of  such  share  or  interest  shall  be  void,  and  that  every  person  entering  into  such  contract  shall  forfeit  a  sum  not  exceeding  ten  The  Vice-Chancellor,  on  appeal  from  the  decision  of  the  commissioner,  held  that  the  claim  of  the  Messrs.  Nielson  was  against  public  policy,  and  that  it-  was  ,not  for  the  public  good  that  such  securities  should  be  put  up  for  sale  or  treated  as  negotiable.  His  Honor,  however,  gave  the  parties  leave  to  take  the  opinion  of  the  Court  of  Exchequer  on  the  point  of  law.  The  matter  has  not  been  carried  to  the  Exchequer,  the  parties  preferring  a  rehearing  in  this  court.  Mr.  James  Russell  and  Mr.  Eddie  were  for  the  appellants  ;  Mr.  Bacon,  Mr.  Tomlinson,  and  Mr.  Smythe  in  support  of  the  order  of  the  court  below.  Wilkinson  v.  the  Anglo-Californian  Gold  Mining  Com Company  pany Company  (21  Law  Journal)  The  Gold  Minine  Company  v.  Westoby  (8  ;  Micklethwaite  v.  Mae Maemerino  merino Maemerino  (5  Meeson  and  Welsby)  ;  Austen  v.  Craven  (4  Taunton)  ;  Sutton  v.  Tatham  (12  Adol.  and  Ellis)  ;  Baylis  v.  Butterworth  (14  and  several  others,  were  cited  in  the  course  of  the  argument.  At  its  conclusion,  the  Lord  Chancellor  directed  the  case  to  be  in  the  paper  for  judgment  on  Thurday  next."
