text
"STARCH  MANUFACTURERS  TO  THE  QUEEN.  BROWN  AND  POLSONS'S  is  the  ORIGINAL  PATENT  POWDER  STARCH,  and  has  all  along  maintained  a  decided,superiority  over  the  many  imitations  of  the  article  which  have  been  and  still  are,  being  offered  to  the  public  :  Itrequires'no  boiling,  is  clear  and  transparent,  and  being  quite  thin  and  limpid  when  hot,  does  not  lie  on  the  surface  of  the  cloth,  as  thick,  clammy  starches  do,  but  enters  into  every  fibre  of  the  thread,  and  is  thus  pro protected  tected protected  from  the  influence  of  the  atmosphere,  and  also  from  contact  with  the  iron  in  dressing,  which  is  a  source  of  so  much  annoyance  in  many  starches.  To  be  had  of  all  Grocers,  Druggists,  &amp;c.,  in  Packages  of  2  oz.  and  upwards.  Brown  and  Poison's  PATENT  WHEAT  STARCH.  put  up  in  Loaves  of  4  to  5  pounds,  and  in  Packages  of  4,8,  and  16  oz.  This  Starch  is  now  well-known  throughout  all  Scot Scotland.  land. Scotland.  It  is  a  first  class  Patent  Wheat  Starch,  and  for  quality  challenges  comparison  with  any  in  the  Kingdom.  Brown  and  Poison,  Starch  Manufacturers  to  the  Queen,  Paisley.  CONSULT  the  Old  Medical  Practitioner  for  the  speedy  and  effectual  cure  of  every  stage  and  symptom  of  Nervous  Debility,  Depression  of  Spirits,  Indiges Indigestion,  tion, Indigestion,  Delusions  of  the  mind,  Skin  Diseases,  &amp;c.  &amp;  c  .,  M  essrs.  LEWIS  &amp;  CO.,  Consulting  Surgeons,  44,  NELSON  STREET,  GEORGE'S  SQUARE,  LIVERPOOL,  where  the  afflicted  may  apply  with  confidence,  as  we  have  had  32  years  successful  practice  in  all  the  above  diseases.  Hours  of  Attendance,  from  9  in  the  morning  till  9  at  night,  and  Sundays  from  9  till  2.  Private  entrance  to  the  Surgeryy,  1,  Bailey  St.  off  Grenville  street.  DR.  LEWIS'S  Medical  Work,  Price  is.,  or  free  by  Post  Is.  6d.,  can  be  had  from  the  Authors  Residence,  44,  Nelson  street,  Great  GeOrge'e  square,  Liverpool."
