text
"in  the  great  scarcity  of  flour  at  all  the  Chili=  ports,  which  has  now  been  put  beyond  a  doubt  by  later  concurring  advices.  So  great  seeths  to  have  been  the  competition  along  thelvesti3oast  to  obtain  the  very  small  quantity  of  flour  which  a  large  demand  for  Australia  and  the  Brazils  has  allowed  to  remain,  that  the  price  had  advanced  there  to  11;  dollars  per  2-quintal  sack—an  unprecedented  value  in  Chili.  Depending,  as  we  now  do,  until  the  coming  in  of  the  new  harvest,  altogether  on  the  supplies  we  may  receive  from  Chili,  it  was  to  be  expected  that  prices  would  rise  on  receipt  of  the  news  above  referred  to  ;  but  a  rise  was  established  by  holders  fa  r  quicker  than  was  at  first  foreseen,  on  account  au  extensive  demand  setting  in,  to  supply  up upuntry  untry upuntry  stations  and  most  of  the  diggings,  'which  pear  to  be  simultaneously  running  bare.  From  ;4  the  price  quickly  rose  to  £37,  at  which  it  nained  for  several  days—advanced  gradually  to  inadeq  to  the  present  - STYLE=superscript  demand  On  them,  late,  in  fact  will  have,  in  all  probability,  to  advance  still  from  the  neighbouring  colonies,  we  nothing  to  expect,  and  no  large  arrivals  from  Can  well  take  Place  before  a  month  -or  six  Of  Wheat  the  market  has  been  almost  entirely  ►are  during  the  whole  of  the  present  month,  and  aillers  would  buy  almost  any  sample  that  came  to  aarl«.t  at  16s`  6d.  In  Riee'a  very  spirited  business  has  been  doing;  a  demand  for  Patna,  for  Bendigo,  and  Mary.  borough,  has  been  very  large,  and  all  the  stocks  in  the  town  have  been  cleared  out  at  from  231.  to  25/,  the  price  rose  to  281.  Supplies  to  a  considerable  amount,  however,  having  been  lately  received,  by  the  Undine,  from  Calcutta—as  well  as  from  Adelaide  and  Sydney—the  price  has  somewhat  declined,  and  cannot  be  quoted  higher  to-day  than  Oats  we  can  notice  no  improvement  for  fin(  to  California  6s  to  6s  6d  could  be  made,  but  Scotch  none  at  present  in  the  market  in  neglected,  and  may  be  bought  at  55.,  most  holders  ask  5s  6d.  Barley  is  quite  e,  and  4s  per  bushel  is  a  sufficiently  high  £273,026  IMPORTS,  EXPORTS,  AND  CUSTOMS  REVENUE  for  the  week  ending  Oct.  20,  1855  for  the  week  ending  Oct.  20  if  Imports  over  ExportS  for  week  263,792  £9,297  Imports  from  Ist  January  to  Oct.  20,  inclusive..  07.918,689  Exports  from  Ist  January  to  Oct.  20,  inclusive  9,827,202  Excess  of  Exports  over  Imports  since  Ist  January  £1,908,513  Customs  2o  revenue  for  the  week  endi  ng  )  O  £26,080  1  6  ct.  Total  customs  2o  revenue  from  Ist  January  }  £793,876  6  10  to  Oct.  .  .  Amount  of  gold  export  duty  for  week  end-  Z  7,768  3  5  ing  Oct.  20  Total  duty  from  ht  May  COMMERCIAL  INTELLIGENCE.  MELBOURNE,  24th  October,  1855.—Although  the  spring  has  fairly  commenced,  and  there  is  a  revival  in  trade,  yet  the  improvement,  except  in  reference  to  a  very  few  articles,  is  not  so  decided  as  was  expected.  This,  we  believe,  is  mainly  owing  to  the  unfortunate  state  of  commercial  affairs  in  Sydney,  where  a  sort  of  crisis,  little  inferior  apparently  in  intensity  to  that  which  Melbourne  has  just  passed  through,  has  commenced.  This  ke  that  of  Melbourne,  having  arisen  from  over•  trading  and  over-importation,  it  is  certain  that  a  great  portion  of  the  surplus,  in,  the  shape  of  bankrupt  stock,  will  be  forced  upon  this  market  ;  and  in  this  way  the  material  revival  in  trade  and  confidence,  which  was  so  confidently  anticipated,  will  be  retarded.  While  we  record,  however,  this  unfavourable  cir circumstance,  cumstance, circumstance,  it  is  right  to  note  that  it  is  greatly  counterbalanced  by  others  of  a  decidedly  favourable  character.  We  allude  more  particularly  to  the  extraordinary  development  of  our  golden  treasures,  not  only  by  the  operations  of  quartz-crushing,  formerly  mentioned,  but  by  the  discovery  of  new  gold  fields,  where  the  alluvial  deposits  bid  fair  to  equal  those  of  the  far farfamed  famed farfamed  Ballaarat,  Mount  Alexander,  and  Bendigo.  The  principal  gold  field  of  recent  discovery,  is  at  Fiery  Creek,  a  stream  which  rises  in  the  Pyrenees,  considerably  to  the  west westward  ward westward  of  Ballaarat.  About  50,000  persons  are  said  to  be  already  on  the  spot,  Some  specimens  of  gold,  silver,  and  copper,  of  most  extraordinary  richness,  from  quartz  reefs  at  Steiglitz,  about  25  miles  to  the  north  of  Geelong,  have  likewise  been  exhibited.  Very  little  is  known  of  the  extent  of  these  reefs,  but  those  who  have  visited  them  have  conceived  a  very  high  opinion  of  their  value.  -  We  have  farther  peculiar  pleasure  in  reporting  favourably  of  the  extent  of  cultivation,  and  of  the  highly  promising  appearance  of  the  crops  throughout  the  whole  of  the  Australian  colonies.  The  harvest  commences  at  the  end  of  next  month,  and  should  it  turn  out  as  good  as  may  at  present  be  fairly  13,  and  have  a  most  ireponar  st  not  overlook  the  fact  of  the  new  constitn constitned  ed constitned  by  the  James  Baines.  The  establishment  system  of  government  has  had  a  most  neral  develop.  and  th,  ity,  of  Canada  and  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope,  and  we  doubt  that  similar  effects  will  result  from  a  similar  e  in  Australia.  y  remark,  with  reference  to  trade  generally,  that  •  wand  is  no*  so  brisk  or  extensive  as  was  antici-  ales  of  merchandise  generally,  have,  within  the  )eing  at  an  advance  of  10  per  cent  on  the  prices  have  been  gladly  taken  at  the  commencement  of  11  American  merchandise,  except  furniture  and  lied  to  the  season,  has  been  cleared  from  first  rive  ;  so  that  such  goods  are  much  wanted  at  the  We  subjoin  our  usual  remarks  on  the  principal  imports.  LIQUORS—Brandy  :  purchases  of  this  article  for  the  .erior  have  been  recently  made,  and  invoices  have  been  sold  to  arrive.  The  best  brands  have  advanced  about  3d  per  gallon,  and,  in  consequence  of  diminished  imports,  are  held  firmly  at  our  present  quotation.  Runt  :  There  is  very  little  doing.  Geneva  :  The  stocks  of  good  Geneva  are  getting  low,  and  few  shipments  are  reported.  Old  Tom  :  The  best  is  in  fair  demand.  Inferior  qualities  are  quite  unsaleable.  Port  :  Medium  and  good  qualities  in  bulk  are  in  demand,  and  realise  improved  prices.  Good  Cherry  in  bulk  has  also  advanced.  Light  NN  ines  :  Though  few  transactions  have  as  yet  taken  Place,  there  are  new  inquiries  for  all  kinds  of  light  wines.  Good  Claret  has  advanced.  The  stocks  of  Sauterne  on  hand  are  generally  inferior,  and  good  quality  is  wanted.  Muscatel  wine  is  unsaleable.  Malt  Liquors  :  Bass's  sound  ale  realises  £lO  per  hogshead.  There  is  a  considerable  quantity  of  unsound  ale  in  the  market,  and  the  stocks  generally  beavy.  The  prices  of  good  brands  range  from  £8  lOs  to  £9.  Bottled  ale  can  only  be  sold  with  porter  in  the  proportion  of  a  fourth.  Stout,  both  in  bulk  and  bottle,  is  advancing.  There  is  a  good  demand  for  the  latter,  and  the  imports  are  not  at  present  equal  to  the  legitimate  consumption.  There  are  inquiries  for  cider  and  syrups,  but  no  transactions  reported.  TOBACCO,  CIGARS,  &amp;c—Of  the  best  brands  of  tobacco,  there  is  a  small  stock,  and  prices  are  advancing.  Honeydew  and  other  kinds  are  well  supplied•  Sheepwash  is  worth  8d  per  lb.  In  cigars  there  is  no  change.  GROCERIES,  OILNI  - STYLE=superscript  _,N  . STYLE=superscript  B  STORES,  &amp;C.-The  imports  of  candies  having  greatly  diminished,  they  are  held  more  firmly,  and  some  sales  have  been  made  at  an  advance  on  last  month's  prices.  Pure  sperm  are  scarce.  Coffee  :  The  market  is  getting  bare  ;  email  shipments  are  coming  forward  front  Sydney  ;  but  fine  qualities  are  very  scarce,  and  prices  are  firm.  There  is  no  native  Ceylon  nor  Chicory  in  the  market.  Rio  Coffee  is  unsaleable.  Fruits  :  Dried  Apples  are  very  firm.  Currants  are  in  demand,  and  prices  have  improved.  Turkey  tins  are  very  scarce,  and  have  realised  is  Id  per  lb.  Jams  and  jellies  are  advancing.  Elemo  and  Cape  raisins  are  scarce.  Walnuts  are  worth  5,1  d  to  6d  ;  Barcelona  nuts,  5d  to  6d.  There  is  no  sale  for  American  bottled  fruits.  Hops  have  slightly  improved.  Good  Kent  have  been  sold  as  high  as  3s  3d,  and  Belgian  is  6d  to  is  81  per  lb.  Pickles  are  inquired  for.  Sauces  generally  are  lower  ;  hut  Lee  and  Perrin's,  being  , STYLE=superscript  uitable  for  a  warm  climate,  are  saleable.  Cleves  and  peppers  are  scarce  ;  sma  ll  ~ STYLE=superscript  t11,;,11i-;  hive  been  frnrn  1.  There  is  I  no  rock  slit  in  the  market.  Soar,  aproving.  There  is  no  sale  for  Steel  white  (feather),  nor  for  salt  water  soap.  Sugar  :  fine  sugars  have  slightly  declined,  the  stocks  being  heavy.  Tea  is  firm  at  our  quotations.  There  is  little  good  tea  in  the  market.  Half  and  a  quarter  chests  are  wanted.  Sales  to  the  trade,  of  Congou,  arc  reported  at  higher  rates  than  our  quotations.  BREADSTUFFS—The  promising  appearance  of  the  crops  in  the  Australian  Colonies  prevents  speculation,  otherwise  prices  would  rise.  It  appears  that  the  stocks  of  flour  at  all  the  diggins  have  become  bare  simultaneously,  and  large  quantities  have  been  purchased  in  town,  and  forwarded  to  the  interior.  At  the  same  time  information  has  been  received  of  a  vessel  in  Adelaide  having  failed  in  procuring  a  cargo  in  Chili,  and  having  loaded  with  barley.  The  market  is  therefore  firmer,  and  likely  to  remain  so  until  the  end  of  the  year,  when  the  new  crop  may  be  expected  to  furnish  supplies.  Consider Considerable  able Considerable  purchases  have  been  made  by  Melbourne  capitalists  of  Adelaide  wheat  of  the  next  crop  at  6s.  to  7s.  the  per  bushel.  In  meantime  there  is  no  Hasall  or  Gallego,  nor  Adelaide  flour,  and  the  little  Chilian  in  first  hands  is  held  for  £4O.  nasal'  and  G  a  ll  ego  would  readily  bring  Bs.  per  barrel.  The  present  price  of  wheat  is  16s,  the  market  very  bare.  Split  p  eas STYLE=superscript  '  oa STYLE=superscript  tmeal,  and  potatoes,  have  declined.  Sago  has  ad advanced.  vanced. advanced.  Rice  is  again  advancing.  There  is  now  a  large  con consumption  sumption consumption  of  this  article  here,  and  the  market  speedily  rallies  after  a  depression.  norsefeed—Oats  are  still  extremely  depressed,  the  stock  being  very  large,  and  our  hay  harvest  is  now  in  progress.  Chilian  barley  has  also  been  overdone,  and  is  not  readily  saleable.  Chilian  beans—Sales  to  the  amount  of  £3OOO  to  £4OOO  have  been  made  at  4,id.  PROVISIONS.—There  is  rather  more  inquiry,  and  sales  of"
