text
"lo  foius  to  deal  in  alpable,  that  within  a  bought  so  much  I.  all  we  want  to  3  much,  i  hulk  ?  If  the  Bank  have  10  those  who  ent  it  most,  but,  on  the  other  THE  COURT  t  slip  through  their  )üblic  at  large,  will  be  inces  in  our  inquiries,  to  know  what  has  become  hich  the  country  so  much  needs  ?  Moreover,  some  feas.  ble  explanat  would  satisfy  e  commer  munit  perfection  o  1r  Bul  show  them  the  of  1844  is  capable  of  accumu-  ng  any  fabulous  amount  of  bullion  as  a  basis  of  silence  all  the  clamour  of  rs,  by  proving'to  them  that  while  nt  gold  to  meet  all  the  wants  of  t  was  a  matter  of  little  'ether  we  had  a  paper  or  a  metalli  But  of  this  our  Bullion  oracles  may  ed  that,  before  we  drop  the  agitation,  we  eive  a  reply  to  the  very  plain  question,  Told  has  b  ecome  of  the  vast  amount  of  the  Bank  of  England  from  the  Ist  of  le  31st  of  May,  1854  Liz  execution  of  JONATHAN  HEYWOOD  took  place  tlirkdale  Gaol,  at  noon,  on  Saturday  last  ;  and  1 STYLE=superscript  -  , STYLE=superscript  nour  of  Lancashire  be  it  said,  the  to  th  the  thousands  assembled  to  witness  3  revolting  sy  ctacle,  wa  most  solemn  and  no  indecent  levity  of  manne  or  language,  rushing  to  get  close  to  the  gibbet  ;  and,  above  .ejoice  to  learn  there  were  not  more  aan  fo  n.  fifty  v-  omen  present,  in  a  crowd  Of  ),000  p  sons,  and  that  the  females  tender  years  and  the  poorest  class  ce  to  be  hearc  I  in  that  vast  con-  sionaries,  calling  sinners  to  repentance  on  the  e  a  sinne  was  about  to  die,  and  raising  voices  in  praise  of  Him  who  was  ever  this  Ladies  were  there,  and  e  opportunity  of  distributing  through  the  a  solemn  wa  to  those  who  had  ld  one  who  was  abou  t  to  E  career  death  lepravity  and  crime  by  an  ignominious  and,  much  and  w  s  mer  may  di  us  questi  all  must  applaud  the  zeal  and  cod  by  these  good  people  on  that  awful  occasion  Still,  we  are  not  amongst  ho  b  eve  the  punishment  of  death  the  solemnity  t,  hick  we  allude  kely,  in  any  hardened  in  crime  with  )  attempt  to  take  away  life,  i  D  ourinc,r  under  some  unconquerable  impulse,  3me  incipient  type  of  insanity  or  some  o  less  erous  eservation  to  on  the  glorious  uncertainty  of  the  law  o  long  as  judges  and  are  uncle  .ded  as  to  what  really  constitutes  It  is  not  enough  for  tho  safety  of  man  Flhould  be  hanged  out  of  five  or  six  men  charged  with  murder  at  the  same  assize.  But  then  we  may  be  told  that  hanging  five  or  six  men  at  a  time  would  be  too  appalling  an  exhibition  for  these  days.  What  then  becomes  of  that  evenhanded  justice  that  forbids  us  to  hang  one  culprit  and  spare  his  brother  in  crime  ?  Would  cates  of  the  punishment  of  death  leav  r  who  deliberately  contemplates  a  murder  as  are  proved  to  be  in  favour  of  an  acquit  transportation?  JONATHAN  H  YWOOD  was  hanged  for  the  same  offence  as  that  committed  by  O'NEIL  !  Their  crimes  were  identical  ;  but  thg  one  was  sentenced  to  death,  whilst  the  other  escaped  with  transportation  for  life!  Whatjustice  is  there  in  this  ?  Is  it  not  monstrous  to  commit  two  men  to  prison,  try  them  for  the  same  crime,  and  hang  one  and  transport  the  other?  Does  it  not  show  the  it  remains  for  the  public  to  enquire  diligently  into  the  whole  question  of  the  punishment  of  death,  and  to  lay  down  some  more  certain  and  impartial  system  of  removing  all  murderers  from  society  at  has  become  of  the  remainder  of  the  I  than  that  at  present  in  operation.  WINDSOR,  FRIDAY.—•  The  Prince  of  Wales  and  Prince  Alfred  went  to  London  yesterday,  and  attended  Mr.  Faraday's  lecture  at  the  Royal  Institutioyi.  Viscount  and  Viscountess  Palmerston  and  Viscount  and  Viscountess  Hardinge  arrived  on  a  visit  to  the  Queen.  The  following  had  the  honour  of  dining  with  her  Majesty  in  the  evening  :—Viscount  and  Viscountess  Palmerston,  Viscount  and  Viscountess  Hardinge,  Lady  Caroline  Barrington,  and  Col.  the  Hon.  C.  B.  Phipps.  His  Royal  Highness  the  Prince  went  out  hunting  this  morning.  Mr.  Parkes,  her  Majesty's  consul  at  Amoy,  lately  returned  from  a  mission  to  the  King  of  Siam,  had  the  honour  of  an  audience  of  the  Queen.  SATuanA.v.—Her  Majesty  and  His  Royal  Highness  Prince  Albert,  attended  by  Lady  Ely  and  the  Equerries  in  Wailing,  left  the  Castle  this  morning,  and  travelled  by  a  special  railway-train  to  London,  in  order  to  inspect  the  Gallery  of  Painters  in  Water  Colours,  in  Pall-mall  East,  and  afterwards  of  viewing  the  Crimean  photographs.  Lord  Palmerston  took  leave  in  the  fore forenoon,  noon, forenoon,  having  to  attend  a  meeting  of  the  war  department.  Lady  Palmerston  accompanied  his  lordship  to  town.  Admiral  Lyons,  who  arrived  here  yesterday  on  a  visit  to  her  Majesty,  took  his  departure  this  morning,  having  been  summoned  by  the  Queen's  Secretary  of  State  for  War  to  attend  a  conference  held  at  the  War  Department.  Lord  Hardinge  likewise  proceeded  to  London  this  morn morning  ing morning  for  the  purpose  of  attending  the  War  Conference.  His  Royal  Highness,  the  Prince  of  Wales,  with  his  brother,  Prince  Alfred,  went  to  London  to-day.  The  other  members  of  the  royal  family  took  their  usual  exercise.  The  Queen  and  Prince  Albert,  attended  by  their  suite,  returned  to  the  castle  from  town,  by  a  special  railway-train.  Her  Majesty,  before  leaving  London,  paid  a  visit  to  her  aunt,  the  Duchess  of  Gloucester,  at  her  residence,  Gloucester  House,  Park-lane.  NEW  COUNTY  COURT  JUDGE.Mr.  Sergeant  Miller  has  been'Apposntedthe  county  court  judge  at  Leicester  by  the  Lord  Chancellor,  in  the  room  of  the  late  judge.  THE  NEW  JUDGE.—We  understand  that  Mr.  Bramwell'  Q  C.,  has  been  appointed  one  of  the  Barons  of  Her  Majesty's  Court  of  Exchequer,  in  the  room  of  the  Right  Hon.  Sir  James  Parke,  resigned."
