text
"lAILY  TIMES.  •  '  1 STYLE=superscript  !  -431 STYLE=superscript  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDENT.  LONDON,  FRIDAY.  news  which  arrived  of  Turkey  having  de deo,.  o,. deo,.  War  against  Russia,  is  still  the  general  topic  e_Onversation.  uliit_ll..owning-street  It  still  disconcerts  the  calmness  ,  and  discoMposes  the  equa equa,,LnitY  ,,LnitY equa,,LnitY  of  Capel  court  ;  although  in  both  those  s  eek  there  are  not  wanting  influences  which  .I  , STYLE=superscript  n  lower,  or  explain  away  its  impo  r  ta  nc  e.  or  last  of  the  special  pleas  whereby  the  indolence  an'ncapacity  of  the  Ministry  aims  at  reducing  its  4,.  a STYLE=superscript  rent  gravity,  is  that  put  forth  by  last  night's  G  o  _ue•  is  says  the  very  organ  of  the  hourt:oefrntnibeent.  the  news  of  a  declaration  of  war  apparently  Unanimous  resolution  of  the,  tot  Grand  CottnCil  against  the  signature  of.  the  Vienna,  L_C;,,and  in  favour  of  insisting  on  mutual  .guaran .guaranp—ie;  p—ie; .guaranp—ie;  tor  the  integrity  and  maintenance  of  the  Em Em-I,c,  -I,c, Em-I,c,  by  the  Russian  evacuation  of  the  Danubian  There  is  not  a  syllable  in  the  int-oluents  brought  by  the  telegraph  to  justify  this  „  n  yni  ,, STYLE=superscript  ,,  supposition;  The  fact  is,  it  is  a  guess,  {3  lll  ,..„  ll3 STYLE=superscript  thing  more;  and,  nibst  likely,  it  is  only  a  th  i  Suggestion  fr  o  m  one  o  f  th  e  su  b  a  lt  erns  i  n  in  joreigii  Of  in  reply  to  an  application  to  be  i  t  p„itied  wh  e  th  er  t  h  e  te  l  egraph  was  correct  or  not.  i  s  t STYLE=superscript  he  meantime,  th  e  genera  l  f  ee  li  ng  o  f  th  e  pu  bli  c  f  ro  '  c STYLE=superscript  cidedly  of  a  war  lik  e  t  en  d  ency.  I  t  i  s  ev  i  dent  De  the  con  versa  ti  on  o  f  t  wo  out  o  f  every  three  1  .  4  ,,  r STYLE=superscript  „  5°11 STYLE=superscript  s  you  meet  with,  from  the  gos  s  ip  an  d  ru 'rutl;,P'  in  the  c  lubs,  a  n  d  f  rom  th  e  t  a  lk  i  n  th  e  c  i  ty,  11 STYLE=superscript  War  with  Russia  on  this  question  walla  be  u  to  lndar.  P  eople  i  n  general  have  the  strongest  p  e  ll STYLE=superscript  ,  v STYLE=superscript  iction  of  our  power,  not  only  to  bring  the  im imba,..  ba,.. imba,..  'us  ruler;  Who  has  produ  ce  d  th  e  ex  i  s  ti  ng  em em-5-'sMeutt,  5-'sMeutt, em-5-'sMeutt, STYLE=superscript  to  reason,  but  to  punish  him  for  his  fpStions.  There  is  the  same  conviction  in  r  e  all STYLE=superscript  ce;  and  I  have  been  assured,  by  a  gentleman.  presntly  returned  from  that  country,  that  the  sio  e STYLE=superscript  sch  soldiers  would  be  delighted  to  try  conclu concluw  w concluw  with  the  Russians.  It  is  proverbial  that  all  tO  4B STYLE=superscript  are  popular  in  the  beginnin  g.  None  are  more  than  those  founded  in  justice,  of  which  that  t•  1 STYLE=superscript  bnPending  is  one:  So  that;  if  there  were  -no  olitical  reasons  for  restraining  the  Emperor  of  m  its STYLE=superscript  ,Sia  by  farce  of  arms,  independent  of  the  ab abbja.„ct  bja.„ct abbja.„ct  jitstice  of  the  cause,  the  fact  of  the  war  g  a  just  one,  secures  for  it  the  sympathy,  and  e'  enlist  for  it  the  support,  of  the  nations  of  Which  binds  who  have  any  regard  for  the  public-  law  binds  them  altogether.  i  t  ,4e  whole  s  c  ie  n  tifi  c  wor  ld  w  ill  l  amen  t  th  e  l  oss  n  ivas  experienced  by  the  death  of  M.  Arago,  one  ,1„  t STYLE=superscript  he  most  eminent  savans  whom  France  has  pro pro-103:ced  103:ced- pro-103:ced  He  died  at  the  observatory,  about  six  ~-aoeic  in  the  evening  of  Sunday.  He  held  the  Scre  e  of  perpetual  secretary  to  the  Academy  of  ,  e STYLE=superscript  tence=a  situation  he  desired  to  relinquish  - STYLE=superscript  the  It STYLE=superscript  s  he  found  he  could  no  longer  discharge  is  active  duties.  I  will  give  yob,  a  brief  sketch  of  la  life,  merely  premising  that  he  was  as  great  in  I.'&#34;tics  as  in  science;  and  that  his  name  will  long  be  ,  41 STYLE=superscript  etabered  all  over  France,  for  the  energy  with  hIP  I STYLE=superscript  I  lit  defended,  in  the  provisional  g.)vernment  h  l  lB STYLE=superscript  4B  the  true  principles  of  order,  civilization,  Cu.  liberty  ;  while  his  discoveries  iri  magnetism  (  .  4 STYLE=superscript  re  extended  the  boundaries  of  science—and•  in in,reased  ,reased in,reased  the  application  of  the  arts—to  the  usef  u  l  Purposes  -of  life.  M.  Arago  was  born  on  the  26th  February,  1706,  at  Estagel,  in  the  Eastern  Pyrenees.  He  was  .the  n STYLE=superscript  sni  °of  a  g  e  ntl  eman  w  h  o  fill  e  d  a  s  it  ua  ti  on  i  n  th  e  nt,  and  who  gave  •  him  from  his  earliest  age,  a  nlost  liberal  education.  Having  finished  his  studies  at STYLE=superscript  the  college  of  Perpignan,  he  was  sent  to  Mont Montwhere  where Montwhere  he  was  prepared  for  the  Polytechnic  school  —which  institution  he  entered,  at  the  age  of  18 STYLE=superscript  ,  at  the  head  of  all  his  competitors.  Soon  after-  Wa,rds,  he  was  attached  to  th  e  B  ureau  des  Longi Longitudes  tudes Longitudes  ;  and  he  formed  pa  r  t  o  f  an  expe  diti  on  sen  t  :nto  t  Spain,  under  the  direction  of  M.  Biot,  to  de determine  termine determine  the  arc  of  the  terrestrial  meridian  from  tl3arcelona  to  the  Balearic  Isles.  The  principal  ob obet  et obet  of  this  expedition  terminated  in  1807,  when  M.  rot  returned  to  Paris  ;  but  M.  Arago  remained  in  Spain  in  order  to  conclude  the  work.  Here  a  curious  incident  happened  to  him.  He  was  estab established  lished established  upon  the  summit  of  the  Galatzo  mountains  in  order  to  communicate  with  a  place  ealipd  Yvin,  and  st.  to  mereurestuhdedly  a  arc  of  parallel  broke  betweentwoveetuthe  France  F  a STYLE=superscript  .  t STYLE=superscript  e  ns,n STYLE=superscript  and  Spain.  Whilst  the  savan  was  pursuing  his  observations,  a  report  was  circulated  among  the  people  that  the  fires  and  the  signals  that  were  in  use,  were  intended  to  call  in  the  French.  M.  Arago  had  only  just  time  to  disguise  himself  as  a  peasant,  and  to  flee  away  in  that  dress,  before  an  armed  tf°,  agsembledrushing  in  the  greatest  rate  towards  Menaced  with  death,  his  dress  enabled  and  safely  to  pass  through  the  enraged  peasantry,  ca  p  e  took  refuge  on  board  a  Spanish  vessel,  the  136`;  In  of  which  took  him  to  the  citadel  of  Belver.  se  whichierty  he  was  .  permitted  to  go  to  rC  i  e STYLE=superscript  s,  he  reached  in  p STYLE=superscript  a  fishing-boat,  the  °, STYLE=superscript  e  crew  of  which  Consisted  of  a  single  sailor.  t  o  ° STYLE=superscript  „  41 STYLE=superscript  ...  Algiers  he  was  sent  by  the  French  CoUsul  wi  t  iarseilles  on  board  an  Algerian  frigate  ;.  but  e,,  e STYLE=superscript  l  in  sight  of  the  French  coast,  a  Spanish  f  0  air  took  the  frigate.  M.  Arago  was  se  n  t  t  o  th  e  tft  of  li.ora,s,  and  made  to  feel  all  the  misfortunes  n  .  captivity.  The  Dey  of  Algiers,  however,  ned  a  restitution  of  the  frigate,  when  along  with  1  .  )  ,  e STYLE=superscript  crew  M.  Arago  was  set  at  liberty.  The  frigate  --.e STYLE=superscript  ceded  towards  Marseilles,  but  a  furious  storm  ,„,,- STYLE=superscript  tv  s STYLE=superscript  e  on  the  voyage,  which  drove  the  vessel  upon  A  l  e STYLE=superscript  :  Coast  of  Sardinia,  a  power  then  at  war.with  i  i(  ;g,'crs-  But  to  avoid  falling  into  the  hands  of  Ar STYLE=superscript  enemies  great  efforts  were  made,  and  at  last  A  f  -e STYLE=superscript  :  frigate  arrived  at  Bougie  on  the  coast  of  I.  .,:  r STYLE=superscript  'ca-  From  hence,  after  many  perils,  M.  Arago  ;gained  his  native  land.  At  the  age  of  23,  he  was  act STYLE=superscript  ed  a  member  of  the  Academy—the  ordinary  111 STYLE=superscript  4  „  1 STYLE=superscript  of  which  were  suspended  in  his  favour  on  i,  eo STYLE=superscript  unt  of  his  great  scientific  merit;  and  soon  awards  he  was  appointed  Professor  of  Analysis  t  7  `  4 STYLE=superscript  Geodesy  in  the  Polytechnic  School,  an  .ap .apvointraent  vointraent .apvointraent  which  he  retained  till  1831.  His  car STYLE=superscript  eer  in  science  n  e  e  d  no  t  b  e  t  race  d  h  ere  .  In  1831  t  c STYLE=superscript  entered  th  e  Ch  am  b  er  o  f  D  epu  ti  es  f  or  th  e  fi  rs  t  4  r STYLE=superscript  ae  as'  representative  of  the  College  of  Perpignan,  1,  11 STYLE=superscript  ,  „  cl STYLE=superscript  he  took  his  place,  as  might  be  expected  from  J  C.  Political  principles,  among  the  extreme  left  a  legislator  he  greatly  distinguished  himself.  Swil  on  e,uNevtaisthe  principal  means  of  preventing  the  con conof  of conof  railways  by  the  state,  and  whenever  r11. STYLE=superscript  ,  3 STYLE=superscript  '  questions  of  science  was  in  issue,  he  exercised  great  influence  in  the  decisions  of  the  Chamber.  o  e STYLE=superscript  2Tas  many  times  President  of  the  Council  Pre Prei'ai  i'ai Prei'ai  of  the  Seine,  a  body  which  he  was  the  means  Or  cau STYLE=superscript  sing  to  decide  in  favour  of  the  emancipation  p  aves  in  the  French  colonies.  hi,  a STYLE=superscript  r  7 STYLE=superscript  the  revolutions  of  1848,  and  in  the  provi provite-,1141  te-,1141 provite-,1141  gover  n  M  en  t,  M.  Arago  was  considered  the  t  i  v STYLE=superscript  ,,  re STYLE=superscript  sentative  of  the  principle  of  order  as  well  as  vi,,”  of  the  revilution.  He  maintained  the  same  p  o  - STYLE=superscript  „,&#34;'s  in  the  commission  which  had  the  executive  i  3tit  'ver,  and  in  the  National  Assembly.  Through Through-44  -44 Through-44  Th  the  count  r  y  he  was  d  eserve  dly  p  o  p  u  l  ar  an  d,  left7  4  .,  a STYLE=superscript  Y  be  expected,  after  such  a  life,  he  has  411  t STYLE=superscript  his  world  amidst  the  tears  and  sorrows  of  .  taiga`  The  funeral  was  to  have  taken  place  yes-  Th  i  FRIDAY,  4  P.M.  to  d  .  °  ntelligence  received  to  day  is  not  calculated  h  as  is STYLE=superscript  siPate  the  fears  of  war.  On  the  contrary  it  hpb,,,  t STYLE=superscript  endency  to  increase  them,  inasmuch  as  it  th  a  '  t  - STYLE=superscript  arB  all  the  powers  are  making  preparations  for  tir  e  adful  contingency.  'Pr  o  ,  e STYLE=superscript  re  seems  to  be  no  doubt  of  the  intentions  of  titi  oh  -c STYLE=superscript  i  e, STYLE=superscript  to  send  a  corps  of  30,000  men  to  Constan-  Al  g  iu,e.  Of  these  10,000  will  be  drafted  from  1  1 STYLE=superscript  1  ti  l  '  A  rs STYLE=superscript  ;  Another  corps  of  18,000  is  being  collected  for  South  of  France,  to  be  embarked  at  Toulon  It  i  s  .7,  If  necessary,  of  10  - STYLE=superscript  aid  that  England  is  to  send  a  contingent  `tea  t  — STYLE=superscript  v°  men  ;  b  u  t  this  rumour,  which  emanates  srta  .  Prance  requires  confirmation.  There  are  4 STYLE=superscript  11  1 STYLE=superscript  1113 STYLE=superscript  '  no  signs  of  the  concentration  of  any  Th  e  fo STYLE=superscript  rce  at  any  of  the  channel  ports.  wcl  teh  Ca STYLE=superscript  binet  met  at  two  o'clock  this  afternoon,  writi  r  c  4 STYLE=superscript  :3  7. STYLE=superscript  are  still  in  deliberation  at  the  time  of  -44  h STYLE=superscript  '''four  o'clock.  The  discussions,  it  is  said,  i.  h  Tit  t(l STYLE=superscript  4  .  l- STYLE=superscript  Y  be  harmonious.  c  40,  4111 STYLE=superscript  E1s  maintain  their  position.  Stocks  is  nd  to  meet  speculative  engagements  4 STYLE=superscript  °11.  11  lri STYLE=superscript  to,  being  the  excitement  caused  by  the  j  NAT  elnent  of  Turkey  having  declared  war.  11171.,7,1,1/11ATION  OF  THE  STATUE  TO  SIR  ROBERT  twZ  ti STYLE=superscript  l  v  t STYLE=superscript  liN  te  '  ll STYLE=superscript  e  Peel  Statue,  in  front  of  the  Royal  Infirmary,  ini  tte  t  v  ti  r,  will  be  inaugurated'  on  Wednesday  next,  at  the'  ~)  I  .  ° STYLE=superscript  ls  ek.  The  members  of  the  Peel  Monument  Com Comirin  irin Comirin STYLE=superscript  r STYLE=superscript  .,  city  Council,  and  other  gentlemen  .  ,  will  meet  11 STYLE=superscript  ,1  1 STYLE=superscript  )  1vh,„  41 STYLE=superscript  -11all,  at  half-past  eleven  o'clock  in  the  fore foreesstoth  esstoth foreesstoth  sitwi  shortly  afterwards  move  o  ff  i  n  pro proirnmil  irnmil proirnmil  °  the  e STYLE=superscript  of  the  statue.  Sir  Sohn  Potter,  the  '  41 STYLE=superscript  1(1  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  11. STYLE=superscript  of  the  Peel  Monument  Committee,  will  f  t  o  i  r  ie  m  c  a  o  ll  r  y_  Perati  o  'el'  the  statue  to  the  Mayor,  as  the  head  of  l STYLE=superscript  'e  3 STYLE=superscript  Po  l  l STYLE=superscript  '  to  'whom  it  is  to  be  resented,  and  who  are  to  be  b  4 STYLE=superscript  sibl  e  •  lin  eo  ,,  for  its  future  conservation.  The  statue  ,  will  .  then  W STYLE=superscript  orshi,  ~ed,  and  exposed  to  the  view  of  the  public.  His  tatu  e  n  'lle,  May  or  will  then  in  a  brief  address,  accept  the  '  11 STYLE=superscript  °  oll STYLE=superscript  alf  of  the  corporation.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  FRIDAY  EVENING  IN  our  paper  of  yesterday  we  reported  the  arrival  of  the  steam-ship  Franklin,  at  Southampton,  from  New  York,  and  gave  a  summary  of  the  commercial  intelligence  received  by  her.  We  have  since  re received.  ceived. received.  our  private  advices  which,  announce  the  im important  portant important  fact  that  the  American  government  have  it  in  contemplation  to  submit  to  Congress  at  an  early  period  in  the  ensuing  session,  a  proposition  to  re reduce  duce reduce  the  impost  duties.  We  are  informed  that  those  on  raw  materials  will  be  first  reduced,  and  that  others  will  be  modified.  It  appears  that  cir circulars  culars circulars  have  already  been  issued  by  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  department,  which  indicates  a  desire  to  discriminate,  and  not  to  abide  by  the  principle  on  which  the  present  Tariff  is  based;  namely,  to  regard  it  solely  as  a  - STYLE=superscript  revenue  measure.  We  quote  from  the  New  York  ,Economist  of  September  24th,  the  following  report  of  the  dry  goods  market  `  `  The  market  has  been  very  - STYLE=superscript  active  both  in  the  receipt  of  Goods  and  in  •  'meeting.  the,  demands  of  the  country  trade.  The  check  in  the  money  mar market  ket market  has  had  a  salutary  influence  in  producing  caution.  The  wants  of  the  country  at  large  for  Goods  are  at  this  moment  greater  than  ever.  The  demand  has  risen  in  the  double  ratio  of  greater  numbers  and  improved  means  per  capita.  As  a  re result;  sult; result;  notwithstanding  that  the  manufacturers  have  taken  12  per  cent.  more  raw  materials  this  year  than  last,  and  wrought  them  up  into  a  quantity  of  Goods  proportionably  increased,  prices  have  risen  steadily,  and  in  some  cases  revived  imports  that  that  had  long  lain  dormant.  The  quantities  of  desirable  Goods  here,  large  as  they  are,  are  not  equal  to  the  wants,  Cloths  are  well  supported  in  prices,  and  Blankets  in  demand.  The  supply  of  continental  Cassimeres  is  large,  of  beautiful  styles  and  at  prices  which  indicate  a  determination  to  get  a  footing,  For  heavy  Coatings  the  demand  is  in  excess  of  supply,  and  nearly  every  article  .  of  British  as  Well  as  Continental  production,  indicate  that  the  stock  will  diminish  with  the  approaching  close  of  the  active  season,  satisfactory  to  all  •  The  London  Stock  Market  was  firmly  supported  today:  Consols  opened  at  91%,  and  advanced  to  92%,  from  which  they  fell  1,  .  but  subsequently  ad advanced  vanced advanced  again  to  92%,  and  finally  closed  at  92%  02%  for  money  and  time.  South.  Sea  Stock  113.  Bank  Stock  for  the  opening,  220  222.  Exchequer  Bills  lls.  to  12s.  dis.  In  the  foreign  house  Mexican  Stock  ranged  from  24  to  24  Peruvian  weaker,  having  dropped  from  70  to  794.  Russian  44-  per  Cents.  98.  Sardinian  901  91.  Spanish  Deferred,  21i  214.  The  Share  Market  business  was  limited.  Cale Caledonians  donians Caledonians  recovered  to  50  ex.  div.  Eastern  Counties  12.  East  Lancashire  60.  Great  Northern  steady  at  741.  Great  Southern  and  Western  of  Ireland  fell  £2.  Great  Westerns  81i-  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  631  ;  London  and  North  Westerns  have  returned  to  1631;  South  Westerns  are  £2  higher;  Midlands  60  1  1;  Shrewsbury  and  Birmingham  ad advanced  vanced advanced  £2  ;  South  Easterns  58+  ;  Berwicks,  62  ;  York  and  North  Midland,  462.  French  shares  have  rallied,  Strasbourgs  marking  36i.  Northerns,  33  388  ;  Paris  and  Lyons,  251.  •  No  alteration  in  gold  mines.  Chartered  Bank  of  Australia  was  firmer  to-day,  at  14.  South  Ails  tralian  Land  Shares  are  1  higher.  Van  Diemen's  Land  Company,  151.  The  official  returns  just  published  by  the  Board  of  Trade,  and  which  will  be  found  in  another  part  of  our  paper,  are  highly  satisfactory.  They  exhibit  a  progressive  increase  in  our  exports,  which,  for  the  month  ending  Sept.  5,  amounted  to  £8,297,086.  The  Bank  of  France,  •  on  Thursday,  raised  its  rate  of  discount  from  3  to  4  per  cent.  In  the  Corn  Markets  throughout  England,  a  slight  advance  is  observable  for  the  week.  The  Liverpool  Market,  however,  was  thinly  attended  to-day,  and  several  parcels  of  wheat  ex-ship,  were  offered  at  a  decline  of  Id.  to  2d.  per  bushel.  The  demand  for  flour  was  limited,  and  at  a  reduction  of  6d.  and  upwards,  per  barrel.  It  appears  by  the  annual  .circular  of  Sir  R.  Proctor,  that  the  amount  of  grain  and  meal  .imported  into  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  and  retained  for  home  •  consumption,  during  the  past  year  was  810,452  quarters  of  grain,  911,109  barrels  and  214,817  sacks  of  flour,and  320,547  loads  of  meal.  The  Cotton  Market  has  presented  a  healthy  tone  to  the  close  of  the  week.  The  business  does  not  exceed  5,000  bales  daily.  4,010  bales  American,  30  Pernam,  and  1,010  Surat,  have  been  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export,  and  81,120  bales  to  the  trade.  The  actual  export  consists  of  5,050  Ameri American,  can, American,  530  Brazils,  &amp;c.,  and  540  East  India,  in  all  6,120  bales.  The  Produce  Markets  have  all  been  remarkably  quiet  and  firm  through  the  week,  as  will  be  seen  by  the  usual  weekly  reports,  which  we  give  in  ano another  ther another  column.  The  Coffee  trade  are  about  to  aban abandon  don abandon  the  use  of  Chicory  altogether.  The  Liverpool  money  market  has  been  remark remarkably  ably remarkably  tight  for  some  days,  and  discounts  could  not  be  obtained  at  our  banks  under  6  per  cent.  The  railway  market  has  been  active  to-day  with  a  slight  advance  in  prices.  BANK  OF  ENGLAND  RETURNS.-ocr.  6.  ISSUE  DEPARTMENT.  Debit.  Notes  issued  .  £29,031,895  £29,031,£95  BANKING  I):  Proprietors'  Ca Capital  pital Capital  ..  .  Rest  Public  Deposits  6,738,755  Other  Deposits  11,885,565  Seven-day  and  other  Bills  1,443,636  Total.  .  £38,303,069  Credit.  Government  DebtXll,  015,100  Other  Securities  .  2,984,900  Gold  Coin  Bullion  15,031,895  Silver  Bullion  .  .  Nil.  £29,031,895  EPARTMENT.  Government  Se Securities  curities Securities  .  .  £12,339,083  Other  Securities  17,124,799  Notes  Silver  and  Gold  Coin  Total  .  .  £38,303,069  BULLION  MARKET  AND  FOREIGN  EXCHANGES  We  give  the  current  price  of  Gold,  as  follows,  to  assist  the  merchant  in  calculating  the  rates  of  Foreign  Exchange,  by  the  actual  current  rates  of  bullion,  as  last  reported  :  London,  775.  9d.  ;  Paris,  -;  Hamburgh,-;  Am Amsterdam,  sterdam, Amsterdam,  Vienna,  -;  St.  Petersburg,  -  ;  Ber Berlin,  lin, Berlin,  -;  Milan,  -;  Constantinople,  -;  Alexandria,  -;  Bombay,  -;  Calcutta,  -  ;  Hong  Kong,-  ;  Sydney,  745.  6d.  to  755.  ;  Port  Phillip,  775.;  Adelaide,  =---;  Victoria,  775.  6d.  ;  Ovens,  765.  6d.  ;  Montreal,  ;  New  York,  -;  Boston,  £3  17s.  9d.  ;  San  Francisco,  ;  Mexico,  -;  Brazils,  -.  _  _  We  subjoin  a  return  of  the  Foreign  Exchanges,  calculated  according  to  the  London  Mint  price  of  3.  17s  100.  the  ounce  ;  Amsterdani,  short,  11  17  to  11  174  ;  do,  3  months,  11  19  to  11  194  ;  Rotterdam,  3  m.  11  191  to  11  19f  ;  Antwerp,  3m.  25  40  to  25  45  ;  Brussels,  3  m.  25  40  to  25  45  ;  Hamburg,  3  m.  13  71  to  13  7/  ;  Paris,  short,  25  74  to  25  124  ;  do,  3  m.  25  40  to  25  424  ;  Marseilles,  3  m.  25  40  to  25  45  ;  Frankfort,  3  m.  1204  to  —;  Vienna,  3  m.  11  10  to  11  15  ;  Trieste,  3  m.  11  12  to  11  18  ;  Petersburgh,  371  to  —;  Madrid,  3  m.  50  to  —;  Cadiz,  3  m.  504  to  501;  Leghorn,  3  m.  30  10  to  30  15  ;  Genoa,  3m.  25  45  to  25  50  ;  Naples,  3  m.  411  to  —;  Palermo,  3  m.  1244  to  1241  ;  Messina,  3  m.  1241  to  125;  Lisbon,  3  m.  521  to  53;  Oporto,  3  m.  534-  to  53  1;  R.  Janeiro,  60  days,  to  —;  New  York,  ditto,  10  91  to  10  sg  ;  Boston,  ditto,  to  ;  Foreign  Gold  in  bars,  a  17s.  9d.  ;  Mexican  Dollars,  Os.  Od.  ;  Silver  in  bars  stand,  Os.  Od.  ;  East  India  Com Company's  pany's Company's  Bills.  House  Bills  60  days  ;  Calcutta  Co's  Rupee,  241;  Bombay  ditto,  25;  Madras  ditto,  24*.  BANKRUPTS.  (From  Last  Night's  Gazette.)  Charles  Baker,  upholsterer,  Brook-street,  Grosvenor Grosvenorsquare,  square, Grosvenorsquare,  to  surrender  Oct.  18,  at  Eleven,  and  Nov.  24,  at  twelve,  at  the  Court  of  Bankruptcy.  Richard  Lancaster  Swallow,  licensed  victualler,  Park-ter Park-terrace  race Park-terrace  Battersea-fields,  Oct.  17,  at  eleven,  and  Nov.  15 STYLE=superscript  ,  at  twelve,  at  the  Court  of  Bankruptcy.  Charles  Pollard,  licensed  victualler,  Wellington-street,  Strand,  Oct.  17,  at  two,  and  Nov.  15,  at  eleven,  at  the  Court  os  Bankruptcy.  _  _  _  Henry  Baker,  ironmonger,  Bloomsbury,  Oct.  15,  and  Nov.  19,  at  one,  at  the  Court  of  Bankruptcy.  LONDON  PRODUCE  MARKET.-YESTERDAY,  SUGAR.—In  good  demand,  and  very  full  prices  obtained.  COFFEE.—A  good  business  concluded  in  plantation  Cey Ceylon,  lon, Ceylon,  and  prices  firmer,  ruling  equal  to  those  of  last  Friday.  Cocon.—An  increasing  supply,  and  demand  not  improve improveing  ing improveing  prices  declined  Is.  per  cwt.  TEA.—Better  kinds  in  active  request,  and  in  some  cases  stiffer  prices  obtained,.  supply  not  increasing.  TALLOW.—Transactions  in  Russian  not  equal  to  last  week,  in  consequence  of  further  advanced  rates  being  de demanded.  manded. demanded.  On  Thursday  evening,  a  man  was  robbed  in  a  brothel,  near  Scotland-road,  of  £BO  in  American  dollars.  On  Thursday  evening,  a  girl  found  a  child,  a  few  days  old,  on  some  steps  in  Parliament-street,  THE  NORTHERN  I  AMERICA  In  our  impression  of  yesterday  we  gave  a  sum summary  mary summary  of  the  intelligence  brought  by  the  mail  steamship,  Franklin,  which  arrived  at  Southamp Southampton  ton Southampton  from  New  York,  on  Thursday  evening,  at  nine  o'clock.  The  Africa  arrived  out  on  the  22nd  ult  The  yellow  fever  continued  to  rage  with  great  virulence  on  the  plantations,  and  in  the  various  towns  of  Louisiana,  Mississippi,  &amp;c.,  but  the  epi epidemic  demic epidemic  was  rapidly  decreasing  at  New  Orleans  and  Mobile.  An  immense  and  enthusiastic  public  meeting  was  held  at  the  Metropolitan-hall,  •New  York,  on  the  22nd  ult.,  for  the  purpose  of  voting  .a  testi testimonial  monial testimonial  to  Captain  Ingraham,  of  the  United  States'  sloop-of-war  St.  Louis,  in  appreciation  of  his-gal his-gallant  lant his-gallant  conduct  in  rescuing  the  Hungarian,  KOSsta,  from  the  Austrian  frigate  in  Smyrna  Harbour.  The  hall  was  densely  crowded.-  Dates  from  .Havaunah  to  the  13th  ult.  announce  that,  owinr  , STYLE=superscript  .to  the  high  price  of  freights,  there  were  no  extensive  operations  in  sugar,  although  the  article  was  in  much  demand.  The  Cunard  screw  steamship  Andes  arrived  at  Boston,  from  Liverpool,  on  the  22nd  ult.  On  the  11th  ult  she  encountered  a  tremendous  hurricane,  during  which  Mr.  John  Mmiwell,  the  second  Mate,  was  washed  overboard  and  drowned,  and  Captain  Hutchins  was  so  badly  injured  that  he  died  the  same  afternoon.  Telegraphic  despatches  from  Washington  state  that  General  Almonte,  the  Mexican  Minister,  had  received  intelligence  of  large  discoveries  of  .gold  on  the  Rio  Mescala,  which  'is  on  the  route  of  the  Mexican  Ocean  Mail  and  Inland  Company.  Theu Theusands  sands Theusands  of  Mexicans  were  flocking  thither.  The  last  accounts  from  Texas  deny  the  reports  of  the  hostile  disposition  and  movements  of  the  Mexicans,  and  declare  that  more  friendly  feelings  never  existed  betiveen  the  people  of  the.  two  countries.  •  •  Commodore  Vanderbilt's  steam  yacht  the  North  Star,  arrived  at  New  York  on  the  23rd  from  her  European  trip.  .  _  _  Telegraphic  accounts  from  Washington  of  the  23rd  ult.  state  that  the  reply  of  the  Cabinet  to  the  Austrian  protest  on  the  Kossta  affair  would  be  published  in  a  few  days,  and.  would  fully  come  up  to  public  expectation.  Mr.  Marcy,  it  is  said,  has  long  since  taken  occasion  to  communicate  to  the  United  States'  Minister  in  London  the  Presi President's  dent's President's  views  on  Lord  John  Russell's  despatch  re relating  lating relating  to  Cuba.  The  position  of  the  Administra Administration  tion Administration  is  decided,  and  does  not  differ  materially  from  the  views  propounded  by  Mr.  Everett,  the  late  Secretary.  The  importation  of  dry  goods  for  the  week  ending  the  24th  ult.  was  in  amount  twice  as  much  as  during  the  corresponding  period  of  last  year,  and  exceeding  anything  ever  known  in  the  trade,  both  in  extent  and  value.  The  flour  and  grain  markets  have  advanced  in  consequence  of  the  news  per  the  Africa,  with  an  active  demand.  Barrel  flour  advanced  121  c.  to  181  c.,  per  barrel,  and  wheat  2c.  to  3c.  per  bushel  ;  corn  was  held  more  firmly.  Canadian  flour  steady  ;  Southern  flour  better;  rye  flour  firm.  Scotch  pig  iron  steady;  lead  firm.  In.  provisions,  pork  rather  firmer;  beef  firm.  In  wood  rather  more  active.  In  freights,  40,000  bushels.of  wheat  were  taken  to  Liverpool  at  Bd.  to  9d.  ;  to  Glasgow,  at  Old-  A  British  ship  was  also  taken  up  for  Falmouth,  and  orders,  at  13d.  for  wheat.  .  AMERICAN  SHIP  NEWS.  NEW  YORK.  ARRlVED.  —September  21,  Leviathan,  Knapp,  from  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  in  35  days.  September  22,  Africa,  (e.s)  Harrison,  Liverpool.  _  CLEARED.—September  22,  Andrew  Foster,  Holbertson,  Liverpool.  CHARLESTON  ARRIVED,  September  19,  Switzerland.  Carter,  and  Irvine,  Whitty,  from  Liverpool.  CLEARED,  September  20,  Mary  Bale,  Hollins  for  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  BALTIMORE.  ARRIVED,  September  19,  Sea  Nymph,  Batten,  from  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  BOSTON.  ARRIVED,  September  23,  Chariot  of  Fame,  Knowles,  from  Liverpool  in  27  days.  then  returned  with  more  help  to  the  two  ladies,  one  of  whose  hands  was  jammed,  and  we  got  them  Out.  I  don  i STYLE=superscript  t,  know  whether  the  insensible  lady  was  dead  or  not,  but  I  think  she  was.  We  laid  her  on  the  bank.  The  other  was  not  much  hurt.  We  next  discovered  the  body  of  a  very  large  man  - STYLE=superscript  under  the  train.  His  head  was  cut  off  and  gone.  We  found  no  trace  of  it.  Both  his  legs  were  cut  off  also  from  the  thighs  down.  We  got  out  the  remains  and  placed  them  on  the  bank.  I  was  at  this  time  a  good  deal  exhausted,  having  worked  very  hard.  Sir  Edward  Kennedy  now  came  up.  He  had  been  a  passenger  in  the  carriage  next  the  engine,  which  had  been  shot  by  the  collision  past  Straffan  station.  Re  had  escaped  unhurt,  and  had  rendered  every  assistance  to  the  passengers  in  those  two  carriages,  which,  with  the  engine,  had  been  sent  on  by  the  concussion.  •  He  then  returned  down  the  line  to  help  there,  and  took  the  command  from  me,  to  my  great  relief,  for  I  was  quite  worn  ARREST  OF  THE  ENGINE  maim  •  As  soon  as  information  of  the  accident  had  been  conveyed  to  the  police,  Sergeant  Kennedy,  of  the  E  division,  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  the  terminus  and  there  arrested  James  Gass,  the  engine  driver  of  the  cattle  train.  On  being  taken  to  the  station-house  the  following  charge  was  entered  on  the  charge  sheet  Arrested  on  suspicion  of  being  accessory  to  the  death,  of  a  number  of  persons  at  present  unknown,  near  th  e  Straffan  station  of  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway,  b9tween  the  hours  of  five  and  seven  o'clock  on  Wednesday  evening,  he  being  driver  of  a  cattle  train  ;  and  supposed  to  have  driven  the  same  carelessly  and  n  egligently  into  a  passenger  train,  thereby  causing  the  death  of  these  parties,  and  se seriously  riously seriously  injuring  _  In  the  - STYLE=superscript  course  of  the  day  the  prisoner  was  taken  before  Mr.  Porter,  at  the  Head  Office,  in  the  custody  of  Inspector  Ebbitt,  and  Sergeant  Kennedy,  of  the  E  division.  Mr.  Pilkington,  Sub-Inspector  of  Constabulary,  county  Kildare,  was  also  in  attendance  to  procure  the  removal  of  the  prisoner  to  the  locality  of  the  fatal  occurrence.  Inspector  Ebbitt  declined  to  allow  the  prisoner  out  of  his  custody  before  the  decision  of  the  coroner  was  known  as  to  the  death  of  the  boy  who  died  in  Steven's  Hospital,  Mr.  Pilkington  thought  it  necessary  to  bring  the  prisoner  before  Dr.  Hayes,  coroner  for  the  county  Kildare,  who  was  then  about  holding  an  inquest  at  Straffan  on  the  dead  bodies  there.  It  was  finally  decided  that  the  prisoner  should  be  at  once  removed  to  Straffan  in  custody  of  Mr.  Pilkington  and  Sergeant  Kennedy,  which  was  accordingly  done.  THE  INQUEST  ON  .  THE  BODIES  Yesterday,  Robert  Hays,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  county  Kildare,  attended  at  Shaffan,  to  hold  an  inquest  on  the  bodies  of  those  killed  by  the  collision.  The  driver,  stoker,  and  guard  of  the  goods  train  were  in  custody.  A  jury  hav having  ing having  been  sworn,  and  some  of  the  bodies  identified,  'William  Hutchinson,  a  labouring  man,  deposed  :—I  live  at  Ciownings  ;  I  was  standing  on  the  railway  bank  yesterday  evening  when  the  accident  took  place  ;  it  was  about  half halfpast  past halfpast  six  o'clock  ;  on  coming  out  from  my  house  close  to  the  railway  I  observed  the  passenger  train  standing  still,  and  men  doing,  something  to  the  engine  ;  after  it  had  stood  there  about  twenty  minutes  the  other  train  ran  into  it  ;  I  saw  a  man  whom  I  afterwards  understood  to  be  the  guard,  leave  the  passenger  train  with  a  light  in  his  hand,  and  walk  along  the  line  in  the  direction  of  Sallins,  waving  the  light  ;  at  ten  or  fifteen  perches  distance  I  lost,  sight  of  him,  but  I  could  see  the  light  after  he  had  gone  a  considerable  distance  fur further—l  ther—l further—l  should  think  half  a  mile  ;  after  the  acceident  had  occurred  he  came  running  back;  before  that  I  saw  no  red  tight  at  the  end  of  the  passenger  train  ;  I  am  not  positive  that  there  was  not  ;  after  the  guard  went  down  the  line  with  the  light  I  remarked  that  there  was  no  red  lamp  to  the  end  of  the  train,  and  said  to  some  of  the  passengers  who  were  on  the  road  that  there  should  be  a  red  lamp  on  the  last  carriage  ;  as  I  stood  there  a  lady  put  her  head  out  of  the  window  of  a  carriage  and  asked  pie  - STYLE=superscript  to  get  her  a  drink  of  water  ;  the  night  was  dark,  and  a  thick  shower  of  rain  had  just  come  on;  from  where  I  stood  to  the  spot  whet  e  the  collision  took  place,  was  not  more  than  a  perch  ;  the  goods  train  came  along  at  a  reasonably  strong  speed,  but  not  faster  than  usual  ;  when  they  struck  the  carriage  which  received  the  blow  of  the  luggage  engine  was  raised  up  as  high  as  the  wires  of  the  electric  telegraph,  upwards  of  twelve  feet  ;  the  goods  train  did  not  appear  to  slacken  its  speed.  Mr.  Kempster  Malcolm  Knapp  examined—l  was  a  passen passenger  ger passenger  by  the  train  which  left  the  station  at  Killarney  at  about  half-past  ten  o'clock  on  yesterday,  the  sth  instant  ;  I  was  accompanied  by  my  wife,  Cherry  Agnes  Knapp,  my  child  Annie,  and  a  young  lady,  a  cousin  of  my  wife's  named  Mar Margaret  garet Margaret  Palmer;  the  train  became  stationary  at  six  o'clock  in  the  evening  at  Clowning's,  and  in  reply  to  a  question  asked  by  some  one  I  heard  the  guard,  or  - STYLE=superscript  some  officer  of  the  com company,  pany, company,  reply  that  there  was  some  slight  injury  to  the  engine;  I  and  my  party  remained  in  the  carriage  after  most  of  the  other  passengers  had  got  out  ;  at  last  I  got  out  to  look  about  me,  but  still  stood  by  the  carriage  in  which  my  wife  and  friend  were  ;  I  did  not  imagine  that  any  accident  would  occur,  as  I  saw  the  guard  and  others  going  down  the  line  with  lights  and  a  red  flag  ;  my  wife  asked  me  not  to  stand  so  near  the  carriage,  so  I  went  on  the  bank  immediately  opposite  to  it,  where  several  other  persons  were  standing  ;  while  there  I  saw  the  lights  of  the  other  train  approaching  at  apparently  so  slow  a  speed  that  every  one  said  it  is  all  and  entreated  the  ladies  to  keep  their  seats  ;  I  saw  the  approaching  train  pass  the  guard,  who  had  gone  down  the  line  to  meet  it,  at  a  distance  of  a  quarter  of  a  mile  or  thereabouts  ;  I  had  seen  the  guard  wave  his  light  the  whole  time  to  the  train  which  was  approaching,  which  made  us  think  it  was  a  signal  that  everything  was  right  ;  it  appeared  to  me  shortly  after  that  the  approaching  train  all  at  once  increased  its  speed,  and  I  called  to  my  friend  to  jump  out,  but  in  an  instant  the  approaching  train  dashed  into  the  sta stationary  tionary stationary  train.  The  carriage  in  which  I  and  my  friends  were  travelling  was  a  second-class  carriage  and  was  the  last  of  the  train,  and  consequently  was  next  to  the  engine  which  ran  into  it  ;  I  saw  it  dashed  to  'pieces,  and  thinking  that  my  wife  and  her  cousin  were  under  the  engine  I  searched  about  it  for  some  time  in  darkness  and  covered  with  steam  ;  after  about  three  quarters  of  an  hour's  searching,  as  it  appeared  to  me,  I  found  the  bodies  of  my  wife  and  her  cousin,  who  were  then  quite  dead,  about  60  yards  behind  the  engine  ;  I  f  oun  d  m  y  little  girl  under  their  dead  bodies;  she  was  much  mangled  and  scalded,  and  her  leg  broke.  At  this  stage  of  the  proceedings,  Mr.  J.  D.  Fitzgerald,  Q.C.,  and  Mr.  Jeffers,  solicitor,  appeared  on  beh  a  lf  o  f  th  e  Railway  Company,  and  in  accordance  with  their  sugges suggestions  tions suggestions  the  inquest  was  adjourned  till  to-morrow  (Saturday)  the  prisoners  being  remanded  under  a  coroners  warrant  to  Naas  gaol.  THE  EXTRAORDINARY  CONSPIRACY  CASE.—This  extra-  Ordinary  case  was  brought  to  a  conclusion  yesterday,  by  the  dismissal  of  the  summons  and  the  discharge  of  the  de-  fondants,  Mrs.  Kelly  and  Messrs.  Maloree  ancf  Campion.  MV STYLE=superscript  LISBURN  ELECTION.—  The  Belfast  Mercury  states  that  this  election  will  take  place  next  week.  You  will  be  glad  to  hear  that  up  to  the  present,  the  star  of  the  Liberal  can candidate  didate candidate  is  in  the  ascendant.  The  screw  steam-ship,  Glasgow,  left  the  Clydc  on  Thursday  afternoon,  for  New  York,  taking  out  450  pas passengers,  sengers, passengers,  cabin  and  steerage,  besides  a  full  cargo.  MEETINGS  OF  CREDITORS  AT  THE  MANCHESTER  BANKRUPTCY  COURTS.—Monday,  10th  October  :—Charles  Clayar,  press  dyer,  Howarth  Cross  Mill,  Rochdale,  certifi certificates  cates certificates  ;  Francis  Robinson,  publican,  Manchester  ,  adjourned  last  examination.—Tuesday,  11th  October  Art Artingstall,  ingstall, Artingstall,  joiner  and  builder,  Pendleton,  dividend  at  twelve  o'clock  each  day.  CHARGE  OF  LIBEL  AGAINST  A  CLERGYMAN.—  Yesterday  .. STYLE=superscript  the  Rev.  Wade  Martin,  'a  clergyman  of  the  Church  of  England,  was  brought  before  Mr.  Jardine,  the  police  magistrate  at  Bow  Street,  charged  with  having  cir circulated  culated circulated  and  published  a  wilful;  malicious,  and  scandalous  libel  npon  the  character  of  the  lady  •  of  the  Hon.  Craven  Fitzhardinge  Berkeley,  M.P.  Mr.  Bodkin  appeared  on  be behalf  half behalf  of  the  Hon.  C.  F.  Berkeley  who  stated  that  the  defend defendant  ant defendant  had  written  a  letter  to  hi  s  (Mr.f  Berkeley's)  eldest  brother,  containing  the  foulest  aspersions  on  his  wife's  character.  After  hearing  the  case  the  magistrates  determined  to  send  it  for  trial,  and  the  defendant  was  committed  to  Newgate  to  take  his  trial.  •  IMPORTANT  TO  STAKE-HOLDF.Tts  Awn  OTHRIII3.-At  a  late  hour  on  Thursday,  a  case  came  on  for  hearing,  at  the  County  Court,  Manchester,  before  R.  Brandt,  Esq.,  Judge,  which  is  of  considerable  importance  to  stake-holders  and  others  connected  with  the  trotting  and  racing  of  horses.  The  case  to  which  we  refer,  was  Harrison  v.  Clough.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  £2O,  money  alleged  to  be  had  and  received  by  the  defendant  on  account  of  the  plaintiff.  It  appeared,  that  on  the  3rd  of  April  last,  the  plaintiff,  who  is  a  waste  dealer  in  Manchester,  met,  at  the  Trafford  Arms,  Stretford,  Elias  Levi,  who  is  well  acquainted  with  the  sporting  world,  and  the  defendant,  who  keeps  the  Boar's  Head,  Withy  Grove,  Manchester.  Upon  that  occasi  on  ,  a  match  was  made  between  Harrison  and.  Levi,  that  Harrison's  mare,  Bloomer,  should  trot  Levi's  pony,  Bobtail,  for  £lOO  a-side,  and  on  each  side,  £2O  was  paid  down  as  a  deposit,  Clough  being  the  stake-holder.  It  was  arranged,  that  the  parties  should  meet  in  a  fortnight  afterwards,  for  the  purpose  of  staking  the  rest  of  the  money  .  ,  and  making  a  formal  agreement.  When  they  met,  Harrison  asserted,  that  upon  the  occasion  of  their  first  meeting,  he  had  been  distinctly  given  to  understand,  by  Levi,  that  one  of  the  entries  to  be  made  in  the  agreement  was  to  be,  that  Bobtail  had  never  run  a  public  match  before,  and  that  that  should  be  one  of  the  conditions  of  the  match.  On  the  other  hand,  Levi  contended,  that  no  such  stipulation  had  been  made.  A  quarrel  ensued  between  the  parties,  and  Levi  claimed  the  £2O  deposited  to  the  plaintiff,  on  the  ground  that  the  latter  refused  to  comply  with  the  terms  of  the  original  agreement  between  them.  Clough  paid  over  the  stakes  he  held  in  his  . STYLE=superscript  hands,  £4O,  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  £2O  of  that  sum,  the  amount  deposited  by  Harrison.  On  Harrison  being  sworn,  he  declared  most  solemnly,  that  at  the  first  meeting  it  was  distinctly  stated,  that  a  portion  of  the  formal  'agreement  should  be  to  the  effect,  that  Bobtail  had  never  trotted  in  a  public  race  before,  and  when  the  condition  was  refused  to  be  complied  with  by  Levi,  he  claimed  his  money,  and  held  Clough  responsible  for  it.  On  *the  other  hand,  Levi  swore  that  such  a  condition  as  that  insisted  upon  by  Harrison  was  never  mentioned  at  the  Trafford  Arms.  'Clough  stated  that  it  was  mentioned  the  same  day,  but  after  the  money  was  staked.-Mr.  Ovens,  barrister-at-law  for  the  defendant  contended  that  his  client  was  entitled  to  the  verdict,  as  the  condition  was  not  stated  before  the  money  was  staked.  Mr.  R.  B.  B.  Cobbet,  solici solicitor,  tor, solicitor,  who  was  for  the  plaintiff,  argued  that  the  agreement  had  not  been  completed.—  So  thought  his  Honour,  who  gave  the  verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  EVANGELIZATION  OF  IRELAND.--MEET IRELAND.--MEETIN  IN IRELAND.--MEETIN  THE  CLAYTON  HALL  LAST  NIGHT.  A  meeting  of  the  clergymen,  and  others  concerned  and  interested  in  the  recent  religious  movement  which  took  place  in  Ireland,  was  held  in  the  Clayton  Hall,  Clayton-square,  last  night.  The  meeting  was  very  niinierously  attended,  but  there  were  only  a  few  clergymen  and  other  gentlemen  upon  the  platform.  The  chair  was  taken  at  seven  o'clock  by  the  Rev.  S.  MINTON,  incumbent  of  St.  Silas's.  The  proceedings  were  opened  by  a  prayer  for  the  evangeli evangelization  zation evangelization  and  spiritual  welfare  of  Ireland  ;  after  which  The  Rev.  CHAIRMAN  addressed  the  meeting  in  some  intro intro.  . intro.  He  stated  that  they  had  met  to  hear  -egarding  the  prqceedingp  ati  chictory  observations.  some  further  details  rc,  _  ,s  of  a  hod  of  christian  ministers  who  recently  went  f  or  th  to  preach  th  gospel  in  Ireland.  They  would  hear  how  they  acted,  an  how  they  Were  treated.  Most  of  them  were  already  awar  how  they  were  treated—not  in  all  instances  but  in  sonic  It  resembled  in-many  respects  the  circumstances  which  at  tended  the  preaching  of  Paul.  The  people  in  that  instancy  first  tried  MO  Violence,  and  then  they  appealed  to  the  loca  authorities,  and  said  the  preacher  was  acting  contrary  to  th,  laws  of  Caesar.  In  Ireland,  the  priests,  oho  answered  to  th(  unbelieving-  Jews,  first  instigated  the  crowd  to  g  et  up  a  riot  ;  and  then,  as  in  Limerick,  they  appealed  to  the  local  autho authorities,  rities, authorities,  and  said  they  could  not  answer  for  the  peace  of  the  community,  if  such  proceedings  were  allowed  to  go  on.  But  there  was  this  difference,  that  the  country  where  these  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  went  to  preach,  was  not  under  heathen  rule  or  Popish  rule,  but  under  their  Protestant  Queen,  and  their  Protestant  laws.  (Applause.)  They  'trere  doing  nothing  contrary  to  the  laws,  and  should  have  received  the  protection  of  the  laws.  There  were  very  few  places  in  the  kingdom  where  they  would  not  have  received  that  protection  but  unhappy  Ireland  (Hear,  hear,  and  applause.)  lie  did  not  speak  alone  of  th  flagrant  and  wholesale  perjury  committed  there  assizes,  by  witnesses  and  juries  where  their  priests  were  con,  concerned,  but  of  the  encouragement  given  by  those  in  high  places,  who  endeavoured  to  govern  Ireland  through  her  priests.  (Applause:)  Balers  should  be  a  terror  to  evil evildoers  doers evildoers  ;  but  in  Ireland  the  evil-doers  Were  the  rulers.  (Ap (Applause.)  plause.) (Applause.)  _  The  priests  wore  a  terror  to  the  magistrates,  who  were  afraid.  to  put  the  law  in  fore  where  they  were  con concerned.  cerned. concerned.  Had  that  plan  succeeded?  Had  it  conciliated  Ireland  ?  It  had  not.  It  reminded  him  of  a  caricature  well  known  in  London,  in  which  a  barrel-organ  player  was  seen  It  every  before  a  door,  refusing  to  move  an  inch  under  sixpence,  saying  he  knew  the  value  of  peace  and  quietness.  (Laughter.)  O'Connell  was  the  man  playing  the  barrel-organ  and  Sir  Robert  Peel  came  out  with  a  large  purse  and  offered  him  £30,000  a-year  to  move  on,  but  O'Connell  I'll  never  move  on  under  Repeal—do  you  think  I  don't  know  the  value  of  peace  and  (Loud  laughter.)  There  never  could  be  peace  in  Ireland  while  Ireland  was  governed  in  that  way.  The  Rev.  Chairman  cited  different  in instances  stances instances  of  trials  in  Limerick  and  in  the  North  of  Ireland.,  in  order  to  show  that  where  priests  were  concerned  in  Ire Ireland,  land, Ireland,  the  law  was  not  administered  with  impartiality.  He  then  referred  to  a  case  exemplifying  the  manner  by  which  the  law  was  administered  on  the  other  side,  in  which  persons  were  imprisoned  and  fined  for  joining  in  an  orange  proces procession.  sion. procession.  He  did  not  say  that  they  could  not  be  fined  and  im imprisoned,  prisoned, imprisoned,  because  in  Ireland  Orange  processions  were  cer certainly  tainly certainly  against  the  law,  and  he  did  not  approve  of  anything  which  was  against  the  law,  but  it  only  showed  how  the  law  was  administered  in  Ireland.  The  mass  of  the  people  of  England  did  not  know  of  these  things,  for  they  did  not  read  the  Irish  papers  which  told  of  them,  but  now  they  had  ad additional  ditional additional  evidence  which  they  would  hear  to  night.  He  was  very  glad—not  that  these  gentlemen  had  been  thrashed— thrashed(laughter)—but  (laughter)—but thrashed(laughter)—but  that  they  would  be  able  to  open  the  eyes  of  the  gullible  British  public  to  what  Popery  really  was.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  applaus,.)  They  had  instances  of  it  in  the  case  of  the  Madiai,  and  the  more  recent  case  of  Miss  Cun Cunningham°.  ningham°. Cunningham°.  (Applause.)  This  showed  what  Romanism  was  abroad,  and  the  gentlemen  present  would  tell  them  what  it  was  in  Ireland.  A  system  of  terrorism  was  also  being  esta established  blished established  in  London,  where  recently  a  poor  convert  woman  was  assaulted  in  the  streets,  and  a  policeman  refused  to  interfere.  After  some  further  observations  upon  the  necessity  of  having  the  law  there  and  in  Ireland  enforced,  the  Chairman  con concluded  cluded concluded  amid  loud  applause.  The  Rev.  Mr.  DICKENSON  next  addressed  the  meeting.  He  referred  to  the  establishment  of  the  mission  which  had  recently  gone  forth  into  Ireland,  of  which  he  had  been  formerly  the  proposer,  and  of  which  he  was  one,  and  declared  that  he  should  esteem  it  one  of  the  highest  honours,  to  be  permitted  to  go  to  Ireland  again  upon  a  similar  mission,  without  even  returning  from  Liverpool  to  his  flock.  He  looked  upon  it  that  the  Lord  had  sent  them  through  trifling  humiliations  and  little  dangers  to  show,  that  the  work  was  not  to  be  accomplished  by  writing,  but  by  presence  and  open  speaking.  They  were  not  despondent  or  cast  down  by  their  visit.  The  reverend  speaker  then  proceeded  to  narrate  the  circumstances  which  attended  the  visit  to  Ireland.  He  had  been  one  of  those  wlo  were  selected  to  visit  the  city  of  Limerick,  and  preach  in  the  vicinity  of  Bale's  bridge.  He  had  prepared  for  violence,  left  all  his  money  at  home,  and  was  as  lightly  clothed  as  possible,  expecting  a  swim  in  the  Sha  nnon  .  (Laughter  and  applause.)  The  Irish  people  appeared  to  have  an  awe  for  prayer,  for  they  did  not  interrupt  him  during  his  opening  prayer  ;  but  when  he  began  to  preach,  they  gathered  round  him,  pinched  him,  struck  him,  threw  him  down,  flung  stones,  and  called  out  to  throw  him  into  the  river.  He  endeavoured  to  get  to  his  lodgings,  and  was  assisted  by  a  friendly  young  Romanist  woman,  as  he  after afterwards  wards afterwards  ascertained,  to  take  refuge  in  a  garret,  when  about  1,100  of  the  mob  surrounded  the  house.  He  was  at  length  visited  by  a  stalwart  sergeant  of  the  police,  who  brought  him,  with  great  difficulty,  through  the  yelling  mob.  Be  it  remembered,  to  the  honour  of  Romanists,  that  both  the  policemen,  who  were  instrumental  in  his  deliverance,  were  Romanists.  •  (Applause.)  The  police  inspector  told  him  that  the  Limerick  mob  was  the  most  violent  he  ever  knew,  except  one  other,  the  name  of  which,  the  speaker  had  for forgotten  gotten forgotten  ;  and  that,  at  any  night,  for  a  glass  of  whiskey,  men  could  be  got  there,  to  murder  him.  To  shew  the  influence  of  the  priests,  when  a  woman  who  struck  one  of  his  brother  missionaries  with  a  stone,  was  arrested  by  a  policeman,  a  priest  came  forward  and  said,  Let  that  woman  go,  and  I  will  answer  for  the  peace  being  They  did  not  wish  to  prosecute,  but  that  the  police  said  if  they  did  not,  they  (the  police)  would  suffer  in  character,  and  perhaps  lose  their  places.  The  scurrility  of  an  Irish  attorney,.  before  the  magistrates  he  should  never  forget.  One  of  his  expressions  was,  when  he  was  told  that  the  proceedings  took  place  at  seven  o'clock— o'clock&#34;  o'clock&#34;  Who  ever  heard  of  converting  an  Irishman  after  dinner  LLoud  laughter  and  applause,)  They  had  to  leave  imerick,  as  they  were  told  their  lives  would  not  be  safe  if  they  remained  there.  Similar  disturbances  took  place  in  Clonmell,  Bruff,  and  Tipperary.  Some  of  the  Limerick  mob  came  to  Tipperary  and  asked  if  he  (the  Rev.  speaker)  was  there,  but  he  had  been  sent  to  Cahir.  They  were  fol followed,  lowed, followed,  he  felt  satisfied;  in  the  train,  and  everywhere  else,  by  scouts,  who  marked  them  out,  and  pointed  them  to  the  people.  The  speaker  then  detailed  his  visit  to  Cahir.  A  gigantic  police-sergeant—the  police  were  all  giants  in  Ire Ireland—and  land—and Ireland—and  they  had  need  to  be—  (laughter)—told  him  if  they  wished  to  preach  in  the  open  air,  he  should  get  more  men  to  protect  them,  as  he  had  only  thirteen,  but  he  could  not  answer  for  their  not  being  shot  from  a  window.  The  curate  there,  whose  windows  had  several  times  been  broken,  although  he  was  only  a  year  there,  told  them  if  they  preached  in  the  open  air  they  would  be  killed.  They  were,  of  course,  denounced  by  the  priests  from  the  altar,  and  the  expressions  of  the  mob  the  devil  prosper  you,—go  back  to  the  hell  you  came  and  such  words.  They  were  not,  therefore,  able  to  hold  an  open  air  meeting  there,  but  they  were  very  successful  in  receiving  audiences  and  many  Romanists  in  the  church.  Several  soldiers  attended  there,  and  one  of  them  had  since  thrown  off  the  trammels  of  Popery,  and  became  a  Protestant.  (Applause.)  They  next  proceeded  to  Fethard,  a  town  in  Tipperary,  where  they  got  the  use  of  the  Presbyterian  church,  and  where  they  were  exceedingly  successful.  The  minister  of  the  Established  church  there  was  a  solitary  exception  to  all  the  other  ministers  they  had  met,  and  refused  to  receive  them.  He  went  to  Cork,  but  was  not  able  to  preach  in  the  open  air,  owing  to  the  people  having  - STYLE=superscript  been  grontly  excited  by  the  proceedings  in  Limerick  and  Clonmell.  The  Protestant  inspector  of  police  was  very  useful  to  them  there,  in  dis distributing  tributing distributing  tracts  among  the  police.  On  the  whole,  the  Rev.  speaker  said  he  had  distributed  in  his  mission  in  the  different  towns,  about  1,500  tracts,  and  who  could  say  what  benefit  might  spring  from  that  number  ?  He  was  happy  to  say  that  the  mission  was  by  no  means  a  failure,  and  he  had  learned  this  fact,  that  the  spirit  of  Popery  was  everywhere  essential  and  unchangeably  the  same.  (Loud  applause).  [Some  interruption  was  here  caused  by  some  person  who  cried  out  some  words  which  we  could  not  catch,  from  one  of  the  galleries.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  if  that  person  continued  to  interrupt  he  should  be  put  out.  The  interruption  did  not,  however,  con continue.]  tinue.] continue.]  The  reverend  speaker  then  proceeded  saying,  that  all  the  persecution  of  Popery,  was  chargeable  not  upon  the  people,  but  upon  the  priests.  (Applause).  He  would  assert  that,  even  though  there  might  be  priests  there  in  disguise.  (Renewed  applause).  He  narrated  an  instance  in  which  a  priest  named  O'Flyn,  in  the  county  Cork,  had  endeavoured  with  a  force  of  bludgeon  men  to  prevent  a  Protestant  Clergy Clergyman  man Clergyman  from  preaChing  the  gospel,  but  the  preacher  was  not  to  be  deterred,  and  the  priest  had  to  give  up  the  attempt.  The  priest  from  the  altar  in  Clonmel  said,  let  them  down  easy  a  Romanist  servant  maid  explained  it  to  her  master  by  didn't  we  know  what  his  reverence  It  showed  that  there  was  a  conspiracy  on  the  part  of  the  priests,  and  it  was  upon  them,  not  the  people,  they  charged  these  deeds  of  violence.  (Applause).  In  the  name  of  God,  he  charged  these  deeds  upon  the  priests  of  the  south  of  Ireland.  (Renewed  applause).  After  alluding  to  the  success  of  the  Established  Church  in  the  west  of  Ireland,  and  anticipating  a  similar  success  in  the  south,  the  reverend  speaker  concluded  his  address  amid  enthusiastic  applause,  by  declaring  that  Maynooth  •  should  fall—that  its  famous  or  rather  infamous  halls,  should  hold,  in  some  future  day,  the  pupils  of  a  great  Protestant  Institution.  The  Rev.  Mr.  KUM  next  came  forward,  and  proceeded  to  narrate  the  events  ofhis  mission  to  Ireland.  If  it  was  objected  that  they  only  stirred  up  contention  and  strife,  they  could  answer  by  saying,  that  the  same  reproach  had  been  cast  upon  the  first  preachers  of  the  christian  gospel,  and  they  were  only  at  an  humble  distance  bearing  the  reproach  of  taking  up  the  cross  of  its  Divine  founder.  The  reverend  speaker  went  on  to  answer  objections  which  were  made  to  the  details  of  the  plan  which  had  been  carried  out,  and  the  publicity  which  had  been  given  it.  Had  they  taken  a  secret  course,"
