text
"THE  PENINSULAR  MAILS,  In  our  impression  of  yesterday  we  announced,  by  telegraph,  the  arrival  of  the  Peninsular  Steam  Na Navigation  vigation Navigation  Company's  ship  Tagus  at  Southampton.  The  Tagus  experienced  strong  southerly  winds,  with  heavy  sea,  in  the  Bay  of  Biscay,  and  brings  twenty twentytwo  two twentytwo  passengers,  and  on  freight  five  packages  specie,  value  £5,000,  119  chest  oranges,  150  boxes  raisins,  30  cases  succades,  10  barrels  grapes,  52  boxes  pome pomegranates,  granates, pomegranates,  42  bales  goat's  wool,  99  packages  tomatoes,  38  barrels  gum,  31  barrels  tallow,  159  boxes  eggs,  and  23  packages  sundry  merchandise.  The  steamer  brings  Lisbon  news  of  the  29th  ult.  Her  Majesty's  steam  frigate  Odin  was  the  only  foreign  vessel  of  war  in  port.  The  Oldenburg  emi emigrant  grant emigrant  ship  Govelan,  B.  A,  Miller,  out  14  days  from  Bremen,  for  New  Orleans,  with  338  passengers,  put  into  Lisbon  on  the  22nd,  partially  dismasted.  She  had  been  kept  in  quarantine,  and  the  Lisbon  Board  of  Health  had  decided  she  should  so  remain  until  repaired.  It  had  also  declared  Liverpool  an  in infected  fected infected  port  from  the  sth  of  October,  and  com compelled  pelled compelled  the  Rattler  steamer  to  discharge  into  the  Lazaretto.  Bills  on  London  had  been  scarce  upon  the  Lisbon  exchange,  and  money  remained  over  at  54  for  three  months;  Continental  paper  was  also  scarce,  at  5.  53,  on  Paris  ;  Amsterdam,  421;  Hamburgh,  48k  ;  Ge Genoa,  noa, Genoa,  53.1.  The  New  Three  Per  Cent.  Stock  comes  quoted  at  394  to  404;  and  the  Bank  of  Portugal  shares  at  155  to  150  milreis  discount  per  share,  with  little  doing,  and  subject  to  the  discount  of  24  per  cent.  upon  Lisbon  bank  notes.  Oporto  Bank  shares  5  to  6  per  cent.  premium  in  metal.  _  A  letter  from  dated  the  20th  ult,  says— 'says'  The  Minister  of  Finance,  M.  Fontes,  has  not  yet  re returned  turned returned  from  Oporto,  althoUgh  hourly  expected.  The  elec•  tion  of  20  new  deputies,  to  make  up  vacancies,  is  to  take  place  to-morrow,  but  the  circumstance  excites  little  attention  since  the  Government  list,  including  the  more  moderate  Pro Progresistas,  gresistas, Progresistas,  is  sure  to  prevail.  The  Queen  is  going  on  very  well,  but  the  Royal  child  has  not  been  born  whose  supposed  advent  gave  rise  to  the  salute  at  the  castle  mentioned  in  a  previous  letter.  Oranges  are  backward  here  this  season,  and  the  packers  are  now  only  going  out  for  the  first  gatherings,  which  go  to  England  months  before  a  Portuguese  will  touch  them  at  his  table.  The  Portuguese  vessels  of  war,  and  the  Odin,  are  gaily  decked  out  in  honor  of  the  King,  Don  Fernandes',  birth birthday.  day. birthday.  His  Majesty  is  deservedly  esteemed  by  the  great  bulk  of  Portuguese,  and  the  Royal  Palace  here  is  doubtless  the  centre  of  more  domestic  happiness  than  is  usually  allowed  to"
