text
"EVENING  EDITION  air  An  Evening  Edition  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIIIES  is  now  Published  every  Afternoon,  at  Three  o'clock,  containing  the  Markets,  together  with  all  Me  News  of  Me  Day,  up  to  th  our  of  going  to  Press,  brAttni  /MN  Cnuts  FRIDAY,  JANUARY  11,  1856  DIPLONACY  has  enjoyed  rather  a  merry  Christmas  and  happy  New  Year,  if  agreeable  anticipations  and  a  determination  to  do  good  have  anything  at  all  to  say  to  human  enjoyment.  It  requires,  however,  to  be  a  diplomatist,  and  one  of  a  vulgar  or  past  age,  to  participate  in  such  revels  as  the  peace  negociations  concocted  by  Austrian  statesmen.  If  Russia  had  really  desired  peace  she  might  have  obtained  it  in  the  spring  of  last  year,  and  on  terms  which  the  Constitutional  party  of  Europe  considered  anything  but  honourable  or  evenhanded.  She  determinedly  refused  those  terms,  and  continued  the  war  with  redoubled  vigour.  She  desired  no  peace,  and  only  sought  by  conferences  to  gain  time  to  deepen  her  plots  and  fortify  her  position.  In  a  word,  despotism  entertains  a  long  cherished  belief  that  it  can  set  Constitutional  Europe  at  defiance,  and  that  its  signal  triumph  over  all  we  delight  to  call  civiliza civilization  tion civilization  is  but  a  question  of  time.  Absolutists  have  THE  commercial  intelligence  from  America,  published  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  Wednesday,  contained  a  mass  of  statistics  which  cannot  be  too  carefully  reviewed  by  the  manufac manufacturing  turing manufacturing  and  trading  community  of  the  North.  In  our  race  after  prosperity  we  have  little  to  hope  for  from  poor  governments  or  exhausted  nations.  Where  peace  and  plenty  reign,  there  commerce  must  seek  its  abode,  and  human  industry  and  enterprise  their  honest  reward.  We  can  only  draw  driblets  of  supplies  from  peoples  pining  under  the  burthens  of  intolerance,  impoverished  by  iron  rule,  or  wallowing  in  the  sloughs  of  despotism:  We,  therefore,  turn  with  increased  delight,  as  we  cross  the  threshold  of  every  new  year,  to  the  progress  made  by  those  enlightened  nations  whose  freedom  has  won  for  them  that  prosperity  which  imparts  stability  to  their  own  existence,  and  diffuses  its  innumerable  blessings  throughout  those  countries  which  enjoy  their  friendship  and  specially  for  their'work,  I  constant  intercourse  no  confidence  in  our  institutions.  They  cannot  persuade  themselves  that  a  free  nation  can  resist  the  inroad  of  that  strength  which  a  military  despotism  can  send  into  the  field.  They  admit  the  superiority  of  our  civil  polity,  and  admire  the  extraordinary  social  condition  we  have  attained  but  they  upon  the  history  of  our  progress  and  nething  by  far  too  ephe-  peace  as  meratto  stand  the  t  -3  and  the  convulsive  .e  have  to  shocks  of  war.  These  are  th  it,  and  the  errors  we  have  t  Nations  who  make  themselves  soldiers  can  onl  ,  exist  by  triumphs,  and  must,  therefore,  plunge  into,  to  all  the  risks  of,  war.  Their  mental  and  its  them  To  America  the  manufac manufacturing  turing manufacturing  districts  of  England  must  ever  look  for  trade  and  profit  ;  and  to  us  the  States  must  in  their  turn  coma  with  their  produce,  and  for  their  supplies.  submit  to  its  scourges  as  a  ion  of  thin,  s.  Russia  is  one  of  Such  compulsory  obligations  have  not  their  origin  in  chance.  Man's  industry  requires  room,  and  the  accumulated  millions  on  small  islands,  spread  over  continents  in  obedience  to  a  great  natural  necessity.  And  hence  the  circles  of  demand  and  supply  are'  widened  ;  and,  when  rational  freedom  and  civilisation  accompany  the  exodus  of  man,  the  glorious  triumphs  we  now  witness  over  the  poverty  of  what  is  called  over overpopulation  population overpopulation  in  old  countries,  and  the  inexhaustible  resources  of  the  sNilderness  in  America  and  England,  is  the  consummation  of  the  original  design.  From  the  day  on  which  the  PILGRIM  FATHERS  landed  on  the  inhospitable  shores  of  America  up  to  the  present  hour,  the  States  and  transitorius  or  favorable  to  Russia  at  a  Is  it  I:  y  math  fiVitittitt4  Wit*  tiMboottlitiii  4 STYLE=superscript  ool4  l  ittittikit  o  lANtAtit  ii  balanced;  and  from  this  day  both  may  be  said  to  be  starting  afresh  on  a  new  cycle  of  greatness  and  And  two  such  rivals,  so  full  of  energy,  genius,  enterprise,  and  a  determination  to  conquer  all  that  stands  in  the  way  of  their  further  progress  in  the  arts,  sciences,  and  dominion,  never  before  appeared  on  the  world's  stage.  Other  nations  may  join  in  their  rivalry,  but  none  appear  to  possess  the  peculiar  aptitude  required  for  the  difficulties  of  the  race,  or  the  enjoyment  of  winning  the  prize.  All  nations  would  share  the  profits  of  incessant  commercial  toil,  but  few  have  the  relish  for  the  unceasing  labour,  immense  risks,  and  racking  anxieties  of  a  trading  life,  and  an  endless  round  of  commercial  adventure.  We  must,  therefore,  look  to  America  at  once  as  our  great  friend  and  competitor  ;  and,  while  she  mingles  friendship  with  her  rivalry,  there  is  nothing  to  prevent,  at  the  end  of  the  next  three.  quarters  of  a  century,  that  glorious  spectacle  of  success  which  has  marked  the  career  of  the  two  countries  for  the  last  seventy-five  years.  We  cannot  turn  to  our  bullion  statistics,  with  any  degree  of  satisfaction.  They  are  too  much  mystified  for  practical  purposes,  and  can  only  be  dealt  with  by  theorists  who  can  draw  inferences  from  darkness,  and  evanescent  assurances  to  sustain  their  own  particular  crotchets.  OIV  Banks  make  one  set  of  to  Parliament  and  another  to  the  public.  We  have,  however,  in  America  another  people,  and  can  get  a  more  distinct  view  of  their  bullion  operations  and  general  monetary  condition.  And  what  do  we  find  ?  By  the  bullion  returns  we  published  on  Wednesday,  it  will  be  seen  the  gold  fields  of  California  produced,  from  their  discovery  up  to  the  24th  of  December  last,  little  short  of  82,500,0001.  The  States  have  also  imported,  from  foreign  countries,  something  over  7,500,0001.,  making  a  total  of  about  90,000,0001.  ;  of  which  quantity  they  exported,  up  to  the  31st  of  Decem_  ber,  1855,  about  46,500,0001.,  leaving  in  their  Banks  and  circulation,  43,500,0001.,  being  upwards  of  27,000,0001.  more  than  they  had  for  all  pur-  poses  in  1818.  That  this  enormous  production  of  gold—brought  to  market  at  a  nominal  price,  first  flowing  iato  their  banks,  and  giving  life  and  stability  to  their  trade,  then  leaving  their  shores  for  materials  to  enrich  them  in  railways  and  other  internal  improvements,  fructifying  as  it  passes  from  hand  to  hand  in  the  great  circle  of  commerce—must  inevitably  make  them  a  most  powerful  nation  .  But  England  has  her  gold  fields  ;  and  although  we  cannot,  at  this  moment,  give  the  same  straight straightforward  forward straightforward  account  of  what  becomes  of  our  bullion  ,  still  we  will  not  be  left  far  behind  the  States  in  command  of  metallic  treasure.  Where  they  lead  we  can  follow;  and  it  would  be  hard  for  ono  to  shake  off  the  other  in  this  world's  social  progress.  The  accounts  received  from  the  States  with  regard  to  the  sugar  crop  aro,  on  the  other  hand,  most  discouraging.  The  demand  for  sugar,  taking  into  account  the  world's  consumption,  keeps  rather  in  advance  of  supply,  and  when  it  is  broadly  announced  that  the  deficiency  in  the  American  sugar  crop  has  been  variously  estimated  at  from  60,000  to  90,000  hogsheads,  it  becomes  a  very  serious  matter,  as  it  would  be  impossible  to  withdraw  the  least  of  those  quantities  from  the  established  sources  of  supply  without  causing  an  almost  universal  derangement  in  the  markets  for  that  staple.  America  will  feel  this  as  much  as  we  shall,  and  unless  the  cheap  sugars  of  Siam  be  brought  to  onr  rescue,  the  pressure  on  this  commodity  will  be  almost  universal  and  excessive.  The  tabular  statement  of  the  American  sugar  crop,  which  we  gave  on  Wednesday,  shows  that  the  production  of  the  present  year  will  be  con considerably  siderably considerably  less  than  that  obtained  since  1851  ;  and  we  cannot,  therefore,  rely  on  receiving  any  large  supplies  from  that  quarter.  We  make  these  remarks  in  order  that  some  of  our  Legislators  may  turn  their  attention  to  the  subject,  and  may  be  prepared  to  resist  any  attempt  to  advance  the  duty  on  this  favourite  article  of  taxation,  and  that  the  CHANCELLOR  of  the  EXCHEQUER  may  have  timely  notice  that  the  price  of  sugar  may  possibly  rise  50  per  cent-  above  the  maximum  on  which  he  based  his  calculations  when  reimposing  duties  on  that  commodity  in  the  last  Session  of  Parliament.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY  EVENING.  There  has  been  no  change  in  the  Cotton  Market  today,  and  the  sales  only  amount  to  6000  bales,  inclusive  of  1000  taken  for  speculation  and  export.  An  unusual  amount  of  attention  being  at  present  drawn  to  the  receipts  of  cotton  at  the  southern  ports  of  the  United  States,  we  have  drawn  out  a  comparative  statement,  date  for  date,  at  each  port,  showing  at  a  glance,  the  increase  and  decrease  this  year  as  compared  with  the  year  1852-53.  1852.53.  1855-56.  Increase,  Decrease.  New  Orleans  ....  739,128.  ,  667,751...  ..82,377  Mobile  Florida  Texas  ......  ...  19,252..  24,749...  5,497...  Savanna  Charleston  Other  Ports  11,342..  7,651..  ..  3,691  1,262,828  _1,252,505..76,372  86,635  76,372  Actual  Decrease....  ~ STYLE=superscript  ..10,263  This  statement  is  from  the  different  prices  cur current  rent current  of  corresponding  dates  each  year,  and  the  contrast  is  a  most  remarkable  one.  This  year,  it  was  reported  that  a  very  large  surplus  of  the  last  year's  crop  was  left  in  the  interior,  and  that  the  new  crop  was  unusally  large  ;  yet,  with  all,  we  find  that,  although  the  western  rivers  have  been  in  good  boating  order  nearly  all  the  season,  the  receipts  are  actually  82,377  bales  less  than  in  1852-53.  In  'A.Tobile,  the  rivers  have  been  up  earlier,  yet  the  receipts  are  not  equal  to  1852-53  The  only  excess  of  receipts  being  in  the  Atlantic  seaboard,  where  the  railway  communication  with  the  interior  has  more  than  doubled  in  extent  since  1852,  and  the  facilities  of  getting  the  crop  to  mar market,  ket, market,  increased  in  proportion.  From  these  facts,  we  would  ask  whether  it  is  not  natural  to  come  to  the  conclusion,  that  the  large  estimates  of  the  probable  receipts  of  185:5-56,  have  been  exag exaggerated,  gerated, exaggerated,  and  that  we  shall,  ere  long,  find  that  the  present  expectation  of  large  receipts  will  be  disap disappointed.  pointed. disappointed.  We  may  notice  that  the  receipts  for  the  first  eleven  weeks  of  1853,  average  118,000  bales  per  week.  The  following  is  a  list  of  vessels  now  at  sea,  cleared  per  New  York  list  of  26th  December,  received  per  Baltic  :  NEW  ORLEANS.  2  38  2  0  4  5  L.  G.  SAVANNAH  Irne  t  C STYLE=superscript  a  o STYLE=superscript  .........  .  .  3 STYLE=superscript  280  03 STYLE=superscript  Eliza  Bonsall  Milton  7/  J.  P.  Harward  2llO  Charter  Oak  Arkwright  3990  Normandy  .  4325  Ashland  Arabia  Heber  John  Cottle  ..  4828  CHARLESTON.  St.  Louis  Shakspeare  Dorcas  Prince  Caravan  Richard  Anderson  Plymouth  Rock  Monmouth  Magistrate  .  Wellfieet  Westmoreland  Alfred  Storer  Carlyle  Clara  L.  Preble  1125  Ben  Bolt  Windermere  Ashburton  l6OB  Nich.  Riddle  .....  MOBILE.  Governor  Langdon  Portland  NEW  YORK.  J.  Thompson  Arctic  ....  tlarvest  Queen  Driver  18,083  71,785jSavannah  Char:eston  .  3400  New  York  ,  2022  TOTALS.  1134  2695  1588  1992  2303  646  1017  869  71,785  .  ,  18,083  ..  9,712  ..  3,352  X  664  4  quarter.  During  the  continuance  of  the  present  easterly  winds,  however,  no  Australian  arrivals  will  probably  take  place.  At  Paris  to-day  the  Three  per  Cent.  Rentes  closed  much  the  same  as  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  while  the  Four-and-a-Half  per  Cents.  were  rather  better.  The  Railway  Share  Market  to-day  was  stronger,  although  business  remains  very  stagnant.  The  following  were  the  latest  quotations  :  Caledonian,  531  541.  Eastern  Counties,  81  East  Lancashire,  69  70.  Great  Northern,  87g  88.  Ditto  A,  72  73.  Great  Western,  511  52k.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  751-,  Leeds  Northern,  12k.  London  and  North  Western,  932  931.  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  23  23k.  Midland  Stock,  621-,;  63  7  1.  North  British,  28g  29.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  561  57.  York,.  Newcastle  and  Berwick,.  66g  67g.  York  and  North  Midland,  442  45.  The  following  are  the  traffic  returns  for  the  past  week  :  ----  ENGLISH  LINES.  .  Bristol  and  Exeter  Blyth  and  Tyne  .  ....  591  Cheshire  Junction  Chester  and  Holyhead  Deeside  Great  Western  Great  Northern  Kendal  and  Windermere  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  ...  20,669  London  and  South  Western  ......  12,390  London  and  North  Western..  ..  51,393  London  and  Brighton  ..  Manchester  and  S.  Junction  ....  ..  746  Midland  Newport,  Abergavenny,  &amp;c.  Oxford,  Worcester,  &amp;c  Shrewsbury  and  Hereford  l,llB  South  Eastern  .  .  South  Devon  .....  „.  Shropshire  Union  ..  .......  Taff  Vale  Wes.,  Cornwall  West  Hartlepool  .  2,515  Whitehaven  Junction  Whitehaven  and  Furness  229  IRISH  LINES.  Belfast  and  Ballymena  .  862  Cork  and  Blackrock  Dublin  and  Wicklow  305  Waterford  and  Limerick  SCOTCH  LINES.  Aberdeen  Caledonian  Dundee  and  Arbroath  ..  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow..  ......  Edinbu-gh,  Perth,  and  Dundee  3.405  Glasgow  and  South  Western  7,253  Great  North  of  Scotland  Scottish  Central  FOREIGN  AND  COLONIAL  Great  Luxembourg  Dutch  Rhenish  Grand  Trunk  of  Canada  Antwerp  and  Rotterdam  Liege  and  Turnhout  ...  302  1,912  ...  4,468  ...  547  ...  112  Corresponding  week  last  year.  ▪  £  4,610  •  .  671  1  993  3,600  172  •  •  •  ....  19,874  ...  18,716  138  19,205  11,436  46,173  10,171  708  23,899  541  2,755  1,056  17.291  2,126  798  LATES  INTELLIGENC  SECOND  EDITION.  RUSSIA.  A  despatch  from  Berlin  states  that  Count  Nes Nesselrode  selrode Nesselrode  has  confidentially  declared  to  M.  de  See Seebach,  bach, Seebach,  that,  in  his  opinion,  Russia  had  adopted,  in  the  declaration  of  the  22d  December,  the  furthest  concession  that  she  could  make.  THE  FRENCH  FUNDS.  5,4221  This  afternoon,  Messrs.  Robert  A-  Munn  and  Co  offered  for  sale  by  auction,  at  their  offices,  3,  York Yorkbuildings,  buildings, Yorkbuildings,  Dale-street,  five  vessels,  in  the  aggre aggregate  gate aggregate  5,273  tons.  Of  these  two  were  sold—the  Mount  Lilac,  a  very  fine  new  Quebec-built  ship,  1,346  tons,  of  seven  years  class,  which  was  knocked  down,  after  a  spirited  competition,  at  7/.  ss.  per  ton  nett  cash  ;  and  the  City  of  Toronto,  835  tons  old  imeasurement,  sold  at  £5,800.  She  is  also  a  fine  new  ship,  built  at  Toronto,  on  Lake  Onta Ontario,  rio, Ontario,  and  for  seven  years  class.  The  Tehernaya,  1,326  tons  ;  Inkerman,  063  tons  ;  and  Acadia,  803  tons,  were  withdrawn,  but  we  believe  prices  will  be  civet)  closely  approximating  to  those  previously  demanded.  We  understand  these  gentlemen  sold  by  private  sale  a  new  Miramichi  ship  of  seven  years  class,  of  960  tons,  at  7/.  18s.  per  ton  old  men  surement.  It  is  gratifying  to  find  this  important  interest  is  in  such  a  healthy  state,  indicating  as  it  does  that  an  active  spring  trade  may  be  looked  forward  to.  In  addition  to  the  above  sale,  we  believe  Messrs.  Curry  and  Co  ,  and  Messrs.  Cunard,  Brett,  and  Co  ,  had  auctions,  but  we  have  not  been  favoured  with  the  results.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  opened  with  a  dull  tone,  and  continued  flat  until  towards  the  close,  when  the  improvement  in  Consols  caused  an  advance  of  1  to  1  per  cent.  in  the  heavy  stocks,  leaving  off  about  the  best  :—Aberdeen,  11  111.  Chester  and  Birkenhead,  13  13k.  Caledonian,  27  271.  Chester  and  Holyhead,  111  111.  Eastern  Coun Counties,  ties, Counties,  88,  Si.  East  ;Lancashire,  17  5-16,  17-4.  Great  Northern,  211  22k.  Ditto  A,  9  91.  Great  Western,  511  521.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  761  761.  Liverpool,  Crosby,  and  Southport,  134.  14.  Lon London  don London  and  North  Western  Stock,  931  931.  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  231  231.  Ditto  Prefer Preference,7-10  ence,7-10 Preference,7-10  ap.  We  read  in  the  Gazette  de  merchant  in  our  131  13i.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  Midland  Stock,  621  631.  North  British,  71  71.  c  city  has,  in  a  concert  o  r  with  m  i  e  several  cii  North  Staffordshire,  81  81d.  South  Eastern,  pally  consist  of  second  hand  furniture,  kitchen  utensils,  16  14-16,  17  1-16.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  mattresses,  and  a  very  large  quantity  of  second-hand  164  16L  York  and  North  Midland,  221  22f,.  Dutch  coats  put  into  good  repair.  More  than  1000  quintals  of  Rhenish,  13-16  11-16  d.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  hams,  sausages,  &amp;c.,  will  be  carried  out  by  the  same  241  241.  Ditto  New  Shares,  21  21p.  Great  vessel.  Luxembourg,  101  10d.  PAYMENT  or  DIVIDENDS.—A  resolution  was  passed  by  In  the  Manchester  Market  to-day  there  has  been  the  Manchester  Town-council  on  Wednesday,  on  the  motion  less  demand  for  both  good  s  an  d  yarn  ,  b  ut  prices  of  Mr.  Alde  rman  B  arnes  ,  secon  d  e  d  b  y  M  r.  Alderman  Hey Heyhave  have Heyhave  shown  no  important  c  h  ange  .  wood,  to  th  e  e  ff  ec  t  th  a  t  a  grea  t  pu  bli  c  as  well  as  private  advantage  would  be  secared  if  th  e  p  r  i  v  il  ege  were  granted  of  Telegraphic  despatches  f  rom  M  a  d  r  id  ment  i  on  that  the  Cortes  had  throw  n  ou  t  th  e  transferring  Government  Secu  r  iti  es  ,  an  d  rece  i  v  i  ng  the  petition  from  dividends  thereon  in  that  city,  and  in  all  other  towns  in  the  City  of  Saragossa,  relative  to  the  reduction  of  which  a  branch  of  the  Bank  of  England  has  been  esta estathe  the estathe  budget.  Also,  that  the  committee  appointed  blished  ;  and  it  was  determined  to  memorialise  the  govern governby  by governby  the  Spanish  capitalists  to  demand  the  estab-  ment  on  the  subject.  lishment  of  a  new  Bank  of  Credit,  purely  national,  THE  RUSSIANS  AND  THEIR  CZAR.—There  is  a  great  had  drawn  up  their  draft  of  the  proposed  society,  abatement  of  the  gross  personal  worship  with  which  he  and  presented  it  to  the  Cort  es  .  was  once  treated.  A  very  old  inhabit  an  t  o  f  St.  P  eters-  An  indemnity  has  been  a  ccor  d  e  d  to  M.  Chede Chedeburg  burg Chedeburg  rel  a  t  e  d  t  o  me  th  a  t,  i  n  hi  s  you  th,  the  common  people  went  down  on  their  knees  and  crossed  themselves  at  the  villa,  by  the  United  States  government,  as  owner  approach  of  the  Czar;  but  that  he  had  lived  to  sees  of  the  ship  Abeille,  for  the  goods  which  had  been  great  change,  when  the  majestic  figure  of  Nicholas  failed  3r  and  ee  t  b  h  d  a  e  t  n  ,o  m  p  a  e  n  tn  y  seized  by  the  Customs  at  San  Francisco,  under  an  to  commana  a  greater  homage  than  a  respectful  obeisance  error  of  the  officers  of  that  department.  The  aml  the  sign  omitted  hlet  the  ERGEANT.—Li,  utenant  p STYLE=superscript  Berry,  amount  of  this  indemnity  has  been  transmitted  by  lattera,  o  G  f  :N  o STYLE=superscript  Ni  f STYLE=superscript  e  o  I  I  i  t STYLE=superscript  l  e  h STYLE=superscript  E  r  e STYLE=superscript  y  a  t  ß  7O  r STYLE=superscript  y  n  o STYLE=superscript  A  ss STYLE=superscript  s  '  the  secretary  for  the  foreign  department  to  the  who  is  at  the  head  of  the  recruiting  staff  in  Preston,  is  iaxTOß  a STYLE=superscript  T  sri STYLE=superscript  l  k STYLE=superscript  N  French  Bank  of  Deposit  at  Paris,  which  is  directed  now  engaged  in  investigating  a  charge  of  extorting  money,  to  pay  the  same  into  the  hands  of  the  parties  brought  against  Sergeant  Jean  of  the  63rd  Regiment.  The  entitl6d  to  it.  sergeant  had  spent  the  evening  at  a  public-house  with  Mr.  The  English  Fu  n  d  s  s  h  eave  d  renewe  d  heaviness  teinaZidnsthna'ta  pawnbroker,  and  calling  th  e  nex  t  day  re rethe  the rethe  this  morning,  pending  the  d  e  lib  era  ti  ons  o  f  the  pawnbroker  the  pawnbroker  h  a  d  en  li  s  t  e  d,  on  which  p  gave  a  sovereign  for  the  sake  of  a  compro comproweekly  weekly comproweekly  Board  at  the  Bank,  but  the  market  sub-  mise.  The  sergeant,  who  is  an  old  soldier,  will  probably  sequently  became  firmer  in  character  assisted  by  be  discharged  without  pension.  the  announcement  that  the  Directors  had  separated  .  The  Malta  Times  contains  an  account  of  an  examination  without  making  any  change  in  the  rate  of  discount.  a  a  t  nd  th  co  e  m  e  T  t  it  ie  lf  a  o  l  r  trial  of  thee  officers  for  misconduct  Rumours  that  Russia,  although  rejecting  the  They  are  Lieut.  Robert  Hodson  an  Royal  IC  hArriirle  a STYLE=superscript  r  s STYLE=superscript  y  D STYLE=superscript  a  a STYLE=superscript  n  y STYLE=superscript  ci  Austrian  proposals  for  peace,  may,  perhaps,  put  Lieut.  Alex.  Nixon  Montgomery,  7th  Royal  Fusiliers',  and  forward  counter-propositions,  also  stimulated  the  they  are  charged  with  resisting  the  police  in  the  oxecu oxecurecovery.  recovery. oxecurecovery.  Prices  finally  closed  at  the  best  point  tion  of  their  duty,  ani  with  having  threatened  of  the  day,  and  fully  i  per  cent.  higher  than  the  the  e  olice  with  loaded  fir  e  -  arms  .  D  uring  t  h  e  hearing  o  yesterday,  namely,  at  861  to  868.  The  balance  of  I STYLE=superscript  have  ase STYLE=superscript  been  attended  e STYLE=superscript  of  violence  w  vteoroylt  serious  I!ace,  conse consequences.  quences. consequences.  might  opinion,  it  is  evident,  points  strongly  to  a  conti-  Some  sixty  or  seventy  soldiers  rushed  into  nuance  of  the  wa  r  ,  and  thu  s  th  e  late  reduction  in  the  corridor  of  the  Palace  of  Justice,  upsetting  the  con conthe  the conthe  price  of  Consols  may  be  regarded  as  partly  stable  on  duty,  it  is  supposed  with  a  view  to  rescuing  the  caused  by  the  preparations  for  the  reception  prisoners,  The  iron  gate  leading  to  the  Courts  was  of  the  anticipated  Government  Loan.  Mean-  Court  n  t  e  ls  closed,  before  le  the  rus  soldiersou  t  could  Baia  an  while,  the  immediate  necessities  of  the  Treasury  are  Courts,  e STYLE=superscript  and  joining  pe STYLE=superscript  t  o STYLE=superscript  h  p STYLE=superscript  emselves  to  the  few  policemen  met  by  the  proceeds  of  the  continued  sale  of  stock.  present,  the  soldiers  became  alarmed  and  retreated,  If  Government  sells  Savings  Bank  stock  they  striking,  as  they  retired,  right  and  left  with  their  belts  must  replace  it  with  other  national  securities,  and  and  sticks.  ,  A  fight  ensued,  but  fortunately  no  heads  the  general  effect  of  the  operation  varies  little  from  were  broken.  lee  THE  GERMAN  LeoroN.—The  German  Legion  at  .  /Kulu  ,  that  which  would  attend  a  new  Loan,  although  the  thanks  to  the  care  of  Brimad'er-General  Woolrulge,  are  announcement  of  the  latter  may  be,  by  these  means,  getting  on  remarkably  well',  scar  ely  ,  ase  of  drunkenness  temporarily  postponed.  It  is  computed  that  or  punishment  required,  and  se  c STYLE=superscript  areel  a STYLE=superscript  y'  n STYLE=superscript  ever  a  man  absent  upwa  r  d  s  o  f  a  million  of  stock  has  already  been  from  parade.  Christmas-eve,  a  day  perhaps  more  generally  thrown  upon  the  market  from  this  source.  The  kept  in  Ge  rmany  t  h  an  i  n  E  ng  l  an  d,  was  k  e  pt  lik  e  whe  by  ,  Money  M  ar  ket  to-day  was  easier,  a  more  liberal  1 STYLE=superscript  the  German  Legion.  The  few  men  still  remaining  in  the  supply  being  induced  by  the  release  of  the  di  v  i-  b  arrac  k  hospital  had  a  Christmas  tree  arranged  for  them  dends,  We  may  repeat,  however,  that  an  unfa-  by  Dr.  Pincopp  and  his  lady,  while  their  comrades  at  Ku Kurourable  rourable Kurourable  anticipation  prevails  as  regards  the  next  lulee  kept  the  day  on  a  larger  scale.  They  decorated  their  two  or  three  returns  of  the  Bank.  Of  the  specie  barracks  with  evergreens,  illuminated  them  most  tastefully,  freight  of  the  steamer  Tyne,  no  less  than  about  and  mnamented  t  e  t  e  hem  Ge  with  neral  elegant  iveeiiid  t  e  r  a  w  ns  e  p  s  a  t  r  h  enci  .  es  and  5 STYLE=superscript  45,200/.  was  in  dollars.  The  bulk  of  this  large  .  ,  appro  pria  t  e  ber  t  appeared  ps STYLE=superscript  was  received  by  the  g STYLE=superscript  men  with  cheers  snpnly,  we  learn,  has  been  purchased  for  account  and  when  Sergeant-Major  stepped  forw  d  d  ;  apps  se  .  ar  an  made  an  of  the  Bank  of  France.  this  feet  furnishes  priate  speech,  expressing  in  the  name  of  his  comrades  additional  eYidencP  of  the  continued  severity  of  the  gratitude  they  felt  for  the  kind  feelings  expressed  in  the  the  d  ra  in  upon  the  stock  of  specie  held  by  that  General's  order  of  the  day,  ending  with  a  promise  to  endure,  establishment.  The  Gold,  ea..  the  Tyne,  ameunting  with  pleasure  and  perseverance,  the  hardships  which  they  to  abo  u  t  60,0001.  has  also  been  absorbed  by  the  may  he  called  upon  to  endure  during  the  ensuing  campaign,  continental  demand.  Any  fresh  imports  of  under  the  auspices  of  the  General.  their  leader  and  friend,  the  precious  metal  that  may  reach  this  and  shouts  of  God  save  our  Letter  from  country  are  expected  to  be  taken  for  the  same  Constantinople.  PARIS,  THURSDAY  EVENING  The  French  Funds  closed  this  day  at  the  following  prices  :—Four  and  a  Half  per  Cents,  91f.  30c.  ;  Three  per  Cents,  02f.  95c.  REPORTED  LOSS  OF  HER  MAJESTY'S  SHIP  ROYAL  ALBERT  For  the  last  few  days  reports  have  been  current  to  the  effect  that  the  fine  screw  three-decker  Royal  Albert  had  either  been  lost  or  seriously  damaged,  and  Sir  Edmund  Lyons  has  been  given  as  the  authority  for  such  rumour.  Now,  we  believe  that  the  gallant  admiral  did  receive,  since  his  arrival  in  England,  some  report  from  Captain  Mends,  stating  that  a  screw  was  loose  (we  must  be  excused  the  pun),  but  that  all  would  be  shortly  right  again.—  Standard.  The  steamer  Ebl.ana,  running  between  this  port  and  Dublin,  at  six  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  while  rounding  the  east  pier  of  Kingston-harbour,  came  in  contact  with  a  trawler  (No.  45)  which  sunk.  The  crew,  however,  were  saved,  and  brought  in  by  the  steamer.  EASTERN  COUNTIES.—A  special  meeting  of  this  company  is  appointed  to  be  held  on  the  25th  inst.,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  consideration  the  general  position  of  the  board  of  directors  and  the  state  of  the  company's  affairs,  and  of  adopting  such  measures  and  resolutions  as  may  be  deemed  necessary  for  the  due  and  proper  administration  of  the  affairs  of  the  company."
