text
"BANKRUPTS.  (From  thB  London  Gazette  of  yesterday.)  Thomas  Eastgate,  boot  and  shoe  salesman,  Churton-street,  Pimlico,  and  Towhill-street,  Westminster.  John  Davis  and  Solomon  Davis,  clothiers,  East  Smith•  field,  London.  Benjamin  Vincent,  boot  and  shoemaker,  Canterbury.  William  Cobb,  builder,  Maidstone.  William  Legh,  wine  merchant,  New  Windsor,  Berks.  Thomas  William  Thane,  ironmonger,  Greenwieh,  - STYLE=superscript  Kent.  David  Pratt,  thimble  maker,  Nechells  Mill,  Aston  Inxta,  Birmingham.  Thomas  Ball,  shipowner,  Bristol.  The  Morning  Herald  states  that  great  confusion  exists  at  the  Horse  Guards,  and  that  we  shall  have  more  resigna resignations  tions resignations  there.  At  the  meeting  of  the  Portland  Iron  Company  held  on  Thursday,  the  - STYLE=superscript  report  was  adopted,  and  a  dividend  at  the  rate  of  71  per  cent.  declared.  FIRE  THIS  MORNING.—At  half-past  two  o'clock,  this  morning,  a  fire  broke  out  at  Shaw's-brow.  It  wore  a  rather  threatening  appearance,  and  had  not  subsided  to  the  time  we  go  to  press.  Galionani  says  that  consequence  of  the  death  of  the  son  of  the  Duke  of  Casigliano,  who  was  about  to  have  been  married  to  one  of  the  daughters  of  the  Duke  de  Rianzares,  the  Duke  of  Casigliano  being  now  without  children,  the  magnificent  inheritance  of  the  Corsini  fanlily,  which  is  es estimated  timated estimated  at  twelve  millions  of  francs,  will  descend  to  the  eldest  son  of  the  Marquis  de  Laiatico,  the  nephew  of  the  HER  MAJET3Y'S  Nitsv-YR.sat's  GIFTS.—The  Ist  of  Se Senary  nary Senary  falling  on  a  Sunday,  her  majesty's  customary  new-year's  gifts  to  the  poor  inhabitants  of  New  Windsor  and  Clewers  will  be  distributed  on  Monday  .  next,  in  the  riding-house,  Windsor  Castle.  The  gifts  consist  of  beef  and  plum-pudding,  varying  in  quantities,  according  to  the  families  of  the  re recipients,  cipients, recipients,  and  25  per  cent.  added  to  the  subscriptions  of  the  poor  in  the  purchase  of  articles  of  clothing.  The  expense  is  defrayed  by  a  grant  of  £l5O  from  the  Lord  Steward's  department,  and  a  grant  of  £lOO  from  the  Lord  Chamber Chamberlain.  lain. Chamberlain.  The  distribution  takes  place  in  the  presence  of  her  majesty  and  the  royal  family,  and  is  under  the  management  of  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  Gerald  Wellesley,.  chaplain  to  the  Queen,  and  a  committee,  consisting  principally  of  the  paro parochial  chial parochial  clergy.  AN  EXCITING  SCENE.—On  Saturday  evening  Mr.  Dries Driesbach,  bach, Driesbach,  the  Lion  King,  while  exhibiting  his  feats  in  a  den  which  contained  several  wild  animals,  at  the  Broadway  Menagerie,  was  attacked  by  one  of  them  (a  large  Brazilian  tiger),  which  sprang  upon  him,  knocked  him  down,  and  fastened  his  teeth  in  his  breast.  A  lioness  sprang  to  the  assistance  of  her  master,  but  unfortunately  struck  him  a  powerful  blow  in  the  chest,  which  she  intended  for  the  tiger,  and  thus  made  matters  worse.  One  of  the  keepers  then  opened  the  door  of  the  cage  and  dragged  Mr.  Dries Driesbach  bach Driesbach  out.  He  was  immediately  attended  by  .  a  physician,  who  found  that  only  flesh  wounds  had  been  inflicted,  and  those  not  of  a  dangerous  character.—Nere  York  Paper.  Horn  MADE  GUANO.—Mr.  Herapath,  the  distinguished  analytic  chemist,  touching  the  supply  of  guano,  and  the  facility  for  compounding  home-made  manures  of  equally  fertilising  properties,  says  :  —Considerable  fear  exists  in  some  quarters  lest  the  supply  of  guano  from  the  present  known  sources  should  fail  in  a  few  years;  and  the  writers,  in  some  cases,  have  suggested  substitutes  to  be  resorted  to  should  we  be  reduced  to  extremity  either  from  that  cause  or  from  the  excessive  price  demanded  by  monopolists  of  the  imported  manure.  The  object  of  the  present  communica communication  tion communication  is  to  assure  your  readers  that  no  anxiety  need  be  felt  on  the  subject,  as  there  is  now  a  cheap,  prompt,  and  effectual  means  of  economising  town  sewerage,  so  that  very  nearly  all  its  useful  ingredients,  including  its  ammonia,  may  be  converted  into  a  guano  intermediate  between  those  of  Saldanha  Bay  and  Patagonia,  having  a  fertilising  power  of  from  five  to  eight  times  that  of  farm-yard  manure.  In  this  way  between  1,000,000  and  2,000,000  tons  may  be  made  yearly,  and,  as  all  the  products  are  deodorised,  the  sanitary  condition  of  our  great  towns  will  be  greatly  improved.  PRAISEWORTHY  CONDUCT  AT  SEA.—On  Friday  last,  while  the  Islay  steamer  was  crossing  from  :the  island  of  Islay  to  the  Mull  of  Kintyre,  on  her  voyage  from  Stornoway  to  Glasgow,  a  young  female  lunatic,  who  was  on  her  way  from  Skye  to  an  asylum  in  Greenock,  under  the  charge  of  her  brother,  suddenly  cast  herself  into  the  sea,  and,  from  the  speed  at  which  the  vessel  was  going,  she  rapidly  floated  astern.  The  moment  the  alarm  was  given,  the  captain  stopped  the  engines,  and  by  his  direction  a  boat  was  in instantly  stantly instantly  manned,  which,  propelled  by  willing  hands,  set  out  in  search  of  the  unfortunate  woman,  who  was  now  and  then  observed  by  those  on  the  deck  of  the  steamer  floating  on  the  surface  in  the  form  of  a  mere  speck.  A  rather  heavy  sea  was  running  at  the  time.  The  willing  sailors  persevered,  however,  and  finally  succeeded  in  picking  up  the  poor  woman  in  an  insensible  state.  When  returned  to  the  steamer,  Captain  Urie  used  the  most  judicious  means  to  restore  animation,  and  persevering  almost  against  hope,  he  at  length  completely  succeeded.  It  is  needless  to  say  that  the  conduct  of  the  captain  and  crew  is  beyond  all  praise.—Glasgow  Herald.  CRUEL  TREATMENT  OF  A  MOTHER  BY  HER  SON.—  Yesterday,  at  the  police-court,  a  young  man,  of  unpre unprepossessing  possessing unprepossessing  appearance,  who  waft  also  blind,  named  Francis  Thoburn,  was  charged  with  having  cruelly  treated  his  mother,  named  Margaret  Thoburn,  on  Sunday  night.  The  poor  woman,  whose  appearance  on  the  table  excited  much  commiseration,  seemed  to  have  been  seriously  injured,  her  face  being  almost  entirely  covered  with  bandages.  She  gave  her  evidence  most  reluctantly  ;  but  it  appeared  that  on  the  occasion  above  mentioned,  the  prisoner,  while  in  a  drunken  state,  got  up  a  quarrel  with  his  brother,  and  on  his  mother  going  between  the  parties,  he  first  struck  her,  and  then  inflicted  severe  wounds  on  her  cheek,  with  his  teeth.  The  poor  woman  said  the  prisoner  did  not  know  what  he  was  doing,  although  he  had  beaten  her  several  times  before,  and  on  one  occasion  threw  a  bowl  at  her.  The  father  stated  that  the  prisoner  had  kicked  his  mother  in  his  presence  ;  and  although  he  did  not  wish  to  punish  him,  yet  he  should  be  protected  from  his  violence.  The  prisoner  was  blind,  had  been  a  soldier,  and  had  a  pension  of  ls.  per  day.  Mr.  Tracy  said  as  the  prisoner  did  not  appear  to  know  the  kindness  his  parents  had  shown  him,  he  should  not  have  been  permitted  to  go  near  their  house.  He  must  be  indeed  a  very  bad  man.  The  prisoner  said  he  had  committed  the  act  while  intoxi intoxicated.  cated. intoxicated.  Mr.  Tracy  said  that  was  no  answer  to  his  having  so  brutally  assaulted  his  poor  old  mother,  who  was  nursing  and  taking  care  of  him.  He  would  go  to  goal  for  one  month,  and  at  the  end  of  tkat  time  give  bail  to  be  of  good  behaviour  himself  in  £lO  and  two  sureties  in  £5  each,  or  in  default  remain  in  goal  for  a  further  term  of  two  months.  —Northern  Whig  FATAL  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  LONDON  AND  BRIGHTON  RAlL RAlLWAY.—Yesterday  WAY.—Yesterday RAlLWAY.—Yesterday  morning,  James  Fielders,  a  guard  on  the  London  and  Brighton  railway,  expired  in  Guy's  Hospital,  from  injuries  he  received  whilst  in  charge  of  a  train  on  the  above  line  on  Tuesday  last.  It  appeared  that  the  train  left  the  Croydon  station  at  a  quarter  past  twelve  o'clock  on  Tuesday  morning  for  London,  the  deceased  acting  as  guard.  He  was  last  seen  on  its  arrival  at  the  Anerley  station.  As  his  family  resided  near  to  the  station,  on  the  arrival  of  the  train  at  New-cross,  his  daughter,  as  was  customary,  was  in  attendance  on  the  platform  with  her  fathers  dinner.  As  she  saw  nothing  of  him  on  the  train  stopping,  she  went  up  to  his  break  carriage,  and  on  opening  the  door  she  was  horrified  at  finding  her  father  lying  at  the  bottom  of  the  van,  with  a  large  .  gash  in  his  head,  from  which  the  blood  was  flowing,  and  in  a  state  of  insensibility.  Her  screams  on  witnessing  the  shocking  sight  soon.  brought  several  per persons  sons persons  to  the  spot  to  ascertain  the  cause,  and  it  was  deemed  advisable  to  send  him  on  by  the  train  to  Guy's  Hospital,  where  he  died  from  severe  fracture  of  the  skull  and  lacera laceration  tion laceration  of  the  brain.  It  does  not  appear  that  any  person  had  the  least  idea  of  an  accident  having  happened,  and  the  only  way  it  is  supposed  that  it  could  have  occurred  was,  that  the  unfortunate  man  might  have  been  looking  out  of  the  van,  and  that  his  head  had  come  in  contact  with  some  of  the  bridges  across  the  lino."
