text
"ATEDNESDAY,  JANUARY  16,  1868,  fides;  bp  Suction.  Llscard.—Elegant  rand  modern  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  valuable  61  octave  Cottage;  Piano-forte,  i  n  rosewood  case,  ,two  Chimney  Glasses,  Shower  Bath,  &amp;c.  HENRY  GREEN  will  SELL  BY  AUCTION,  This  day  (Wednesday),  the  16th  instant,  at  Eleven  o'clock,  on  the  Premises,  Sea  View-road,  Liscard,  the  excellent  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE  of  a  gentleman  removing,  com comprising,  prising, comprising,  in  Beciroorns.—Sets  of  rich  Spanish  mahogany  half-tester  bedsteads,  with  crimson  damask  hangings,  birch  ditto,  excellent  hair  mat mattresses,  tresses, mattresses,  feather  beds,  mahogany  and  polished  birch  chest  drawers  and  dressing  glasses,  pair  of  modern  mahogany  pillar  toilet  tables,  with  marble  top,  night  commode,  shower  bath,  &amp;c.  The  Parloar  Furniture  comprises  sets  of  mahogany  and  walnut walnutwood  wood walnutwood  chairs,  couches,  easy  and  rocking  chairs  upholstered  in  crimson  morocco  and  green  damask,  to  match  the  window  curtains,  circular  mahogany  and  walnut  100  and  Sutherland  tables,  elegant  walnut  chiffonniere  with  plate  glass  at  the  back  and  d  0...  slab,  &amp;c,  two  handsome  chimney  glasses  in  gilt  frames,  a  v.  superior  and  fine  -toned  6i-octave  cottage  plan  case.  by  Binsmead,  handsome  tapestry  and  other  14-day  timepiece,  stair  carnet,  oil  cloth,  &amp;c.  May  be  viewed,  and  catalogers  had  on  the  , STYLE=superscript  '  Green,  auctioneer  and  valuer,  Hamiltor,  •a,  marble  Drte,  in  r  spec  s,  barometer,  8,  and  of  Henry  -street,  Birkenhead.  Second  Monthly  Sale  of  HORSES,  CATTLE,  CARRIAGES,  Carts►  Harness,  Bath  Chair,  &amp;c.  lIENRY  GREEN  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Friday  next,  the  18th  instant,  at  Twelve  o'clock,  at  Mr.  Murphy's  yard  and  premises,  opposite  the  Waterloo  Inn.  Grange-lane.  Birkenhead,  Six  valuable  Carriage  and  Draught  HORSES,  Five  COWS  in  Calf,  excellent  WEDDING  CARRIAGE,  several  Cars,  Gigs,  Phaetons,  Shandries,  Spring  and  Narrow-wheeled  Carts,  capital  Bath  Chair,  several  sets  of  shaft  and  Leading  Gears,  Saddles,  Gig  and  Carriage  Harness,  and  other  effects.  Parties  desirous  of  sending  any  lots  to  this  sale  will  please  forward  a  descriptive  list  to  the  auctioneer  as  early  as  possible.  MR.  WYLIE  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  This  da,  16th  instant,  at  Six  o'clock  in  the  evening,  at  the  Royal  Oak  Inn,  Park-road,  (unless  previously  die.  posed  of  by  private  treaty).  subject  to  such  conditions  as  shall  then  be  produced,  a  Piece  of  FREEHOLD  LAND,  situate  on  the  north  side  of  Prophet-street  (near  Essex-street),  in  Toxteth-park,  with  the  Twelve  ME3SUAGES  or  DWELLING-HOUSES  thereon  erected,  two  whereof  front  to  Prophet-street  (being  Nos.  21  :nd  2:4,  in  the  occupations  of  Thomas  Atkinson  and  Patrick  M'Donald,  as  tenants),  and  the  remaining  ten  are  immediately  behind,  and  form  parts  of  two  courts,  and  in  the  occupati,m  of  John  Brennan  and  others  as  tenants,  the  whole  producing  an  aggregate  rental  of  .4'BB  per  annum.  For  further  particulars  apply  to  the  auctloneer  ;  to  Mr.  J.  Plaw,  e.tate  agent,  Park-road;  or  to  Mr.  John  Atkinson,  solicitor,  York Yorkchambers,  chambers, Yorkchambers,  North  John  -street.  iFreehold  SHOP  and  DWELLING  HOUSES  in  Hawkstene-street,  Clevedon-st  eet,  and  Clevedon-buildings,  Tateth-park.  NIB.  WYLIE  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  This  day,  the  16th  inst.,  at  Six  o'clock  in  the  Evening  at  the  Royal  Oak  Inn,  Park-road  (unless'  previously  dis disposed  posed disposed  of  by,private  which  notice  will  be  given),  subject  to  conditions  of  sale,  and  in  the  following  or  such  other  lots  as  may  be  then  agreed  upon.  Lot.  1.  The  SHOP  and  Nine  DWELLING  HOUSES,  forming  the  entire  north-east  side  of  Hawkstone-street,  Toxteth.park,  all  respectably  tenanted,  and  yielding  a  yearly  rental  of  .e  129  3s.  2.  The  Ten  DWELLING  HOUSES,  forming  the  entire  north)  west  side  of  Clevedon-street,  Texteth-park,  all  well  tenanted,  and  producing  a  yearly  rectal  of  ,Egg  13s.  3.  Three  DWELLING  HOUSES  (all  adjoining),  situate  on  the  north-east  side  of  a  street  called  Cievedon-buildings,  in  Toxteth-park.  all  occupied,  and  yielding  an  annual  rental  of  '3t)  7e.  The  whole  of  the  above  buildings  were  erected  a  few  years  ago  in  a  very  substantial  manner,  and  are  in  good  repair.  For  further  particulars  apply  at  the  office  of  Mr.  John  Atkinson,  Solicitor,  York  Chambers,  22,  North  John-street.  SALE  OF  VALUABLE  BUILDING  MATERIALS.  MESSRS.  THOMAS  WINSTANLEY  &amp;  SONS  have  received  instructions  from  the  Liverpool  and  London  Insurance  Company  to  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  the  pre premises  mises premises  (the  Old  Police  Court),  High-street,  opposite  the  Town-hall,  on  Monday,  the  28th  of  January,  1856.  at  Twelve  o'clock  for  half halfpast,  past, halfpast,  precisely,  the  Valuable  Building  Materials,  comprising—  Lot  1.  The  Buildings  called  HARGREAVES  BUILDINGS,  and  marked  Lot  1,  extending  from  High-street  to  Exchange-street  East.  Lot  2.  The  Buildings  lately  used  as  a  Police  Court,  and  Two  DWELLING  -HOUSES  attached,  marked  on  the  walls  Lot  2,  ex extending  tending extending  from  High-street  to  Exchange-street  East.  Lot  3.  The  recently  erected  Buildings  used  as  OFFICES,  now  or  lately  occupied  by  Messrs.  Nelson  and  others,  marked  on  the  walls  Lot  3,  extendinOom  High-street  to  Exchange-street  East.  Lot  4.  The  Buildings  used  as  OFFICES,  SHOPS,  &amp;c.,  in  Dale Dalestreet,  street, Dalestreet,  now  or  lately  in  the  occupation  of  tilecsrs.  Davies  and  others,  marked  op  the  walls  Lot  4  and  Lot  5,  extending  from  High-street  to  Exchange-street  Fast.  Subject  to  certaig  restrictions  to  be  speci specified  fied specified  in  printed  conditions  of  sate.  A  Plan  may  be  seen  and  further  particulars  had  on  application  to  the  Liverpool  and  London  Fire  and  Life  Office,  Castle-street;  or  to  the  Auctioneers,  at  their  Offices,  44,  Church-street,  Liverpool."
