text
"CAPTURE  AND  DESTRUCTION  OF  PIRATES  BY  THE  BRITISH  SQUADRON.  •  On  the  9th  of  August,  in  'consequence  of  the  depredations  of  the  Chinese  pirates,  a  portion  of  the  squadron  was  sent  out  to  look  after  them.  Commander-in-chief  himself,  Admiral  the  lion.  Sir  F.  Pellew,  with  his  flag-ship  Winchester,  50,  Captain  .Fitzgerald  ;  Spartan,  26,  Captain  Sir  W.  Hostp,  Burt.  ;  Lily,  12,  Commander  Sanderson  ;  Rapid,  8,  Commander  Blane  ;  and  Styx,  o,  z,tcarri z,tcarrisloop,  sloop, z,tcarrisloop,  Captain  W.  K.  Hall,  got  under  weigh  at  day-light,  and  with  a  Portuguese  armed  lorcha,  in  command  of  Lieut.  Cai-vallio,  proceeded  to  the  westward,  where  they  met  with  ten  piratical  junks.  Eight  of  them  were  destroyed  instantly,  and  some  120  Chinese  were  said  to  have  been  killed,  with  no  more  trouble  than  what  might  reasonably  have  been  expected.  Two  of  the  ten  pirates  escaped.  This  part  of  the  business  completed,.  the  squadron  started  for  St.  John's,  from  which  island,  as  the  Styx  approached,  four  other  large  bbats  were  seen  running  away  with  a  fair  wind  ;  but,  whether  doubting  their  sailing  qualities  or  their  ability  at  playing  long  balls  with  the  Styx  singly,.  all  of  a  sudden  they  luffed  up  and  ran  in  shore.  The  Styx  following,  some  of  the  crews  jumped  overboard  and  escaped  as  fast  as  possible.  Three  of  these  vessels  were  captured  without  any  resistance,  the  fourth  proved  to  be  a  trader,  and  was  given  up.  CHINA  COMMERCIAL.  CANTON  MARKET  REPORT,  AUG.  20.  The  market  is  reported  as  most  inactive,  prices  of  all  kinds  of  imports  having  declined,  and  the  want  of  money  and  usual  accommodation  to  dealers  by  native  capitalists  rendering  business  generally  quite  different  from  what  it  is  customary  to  look  for  at  this  time  of  the  year.  TEA.—From  Ist  July  to  date,the  export  from  Shanghae  and  Canton  together  equalled  thirteen  and  a  quarter  millions  of  pounds,  being  nearly  as  much  again  as  had  been  ahipped  at  this  period  of  last  year's  season.  This  does  not  look  like  short  crop  any  how,  and  as  the  troubles  in  the  interior  are  likely  to  be  soon  ended,  the  probabilities  are  that  before  long,  prices  will  fall  materially.  The  present  season's  tea  generally,  so  far,  is  in  no  way  so  fine  as  the  teas  of  previous  years.  We  shall  in  future  confine  our  report  of  tea  sales  and  shipments  to  Congou.  During  the  past  half-month  48  chops  have  been  taken  in  Canton  at  from  taels  164  to  24—stock  40  chops.  EXCHANGES.—East  India  Company's  bills  on  Bengal  Government  (accepted),  rs.  273  to  275  per  $lOOO  ;  Union  Bank  of  Australia  Bills  at  30  days'  sight,  ss.  9d.  to  ss.  90.  per  dollar;  Oriental  Bank  Bills  on  the  Union  Bank,  London,  at  six  months,  no  rate  ;  Oriental  Bank  Bills  on  Bengal  at  two  days'  sight,  272  ;  on  Bombay,  three  days'  sight,  272.  .  .  - STYLE=superscript  Baring's,  Brown's,  and  other  credits,  on  London,  at  six  months'  sight,  ss.  84d.  to  ss.  94d.  per  dol.  FREIGHTS.—To  England  at  £3  3s.  for  tea,  and  £3  15s.  for  silk;  to  United  States  $l2  for  tea,  and  $25  for  silks  per  ton  ;  ,  0411  natuanu  410  tu  00  r  o.  4...  .4  40  f..+."
