text
"Emit  ev.  CONSTANTINOPLE  e  undersigned  Ii  !4V  their  Li  bed  a  BRANCH  of  IL  use  at  Comtant;nople,  solicit  %ITS  of  ::HIPS  and  PRODUCE.  LIBERAL  ADVANCES  on  Consignments  and  Freights.  M‘CLITNE  and  TAMPLIN,  Columbia-buildings,  Brunswick-street.  _  .  Liverpool,  November  1.  1855  ,  FOR  CONSTANTINOPLE  AND  THE  CRIMEA,  DIRECT.  LThe  powerful  Steamer  EMPEROR,  217  tons  register,  100-horse  power,  Will  sail  Wednes  - STYLE=superscript  'ay,  January  30.  This  vessel  offers  a  desirable  medium  for  Parcels  and  Light  Freight  requiring  despatch.  Apply  to  M'CLUNE  &amp;  TAMPLIN,  Columbia-buildings,  Liverpool.  Goods  will  be  received,  in  priority  of  arrival,  at  the  loading  berth,  1  Wellington  Dock.  LEVANT  SCREW  STEAM  SHIPPING  COMPANY'S  First-class  Steamships  \  GRECIAN.  I  ATHENIAN.  ARMENIAN.  I  CIRCASSIAN.  4 STYLE=superscript  EGYPTIAN.  I  CRIMEAN.  FOR  SALONICA,  CONST  ANTINOPLE,  &amp;  SMYRNA  CALLING  AT  MALTA  AND  3YRA.  EGYPTIAN  ....  ....Wm.  M‘Micxnx,  Commander,  Is  intended  to  sail  from  Wellington  Dock,  ou  WEDNESDAY,  the  13th  February.  FREIGHTS  to  Malta,  Syn.,  Salonica,  Constantinop!e,  and  Smyrna  —Fine  goods,  grey  goods,  and  twist  goods,  55s  and  10  per  cent  primal°  ;  other  goods  as  per  agreement.  Freights  must  be  paid  in  Liverpool.  To  prevent  the  possibility  of  after  discussion,  it  is  requested  that  Shippers  will  send  a  person  to  the  Quay  to  see  their  Goods  measured.  *  J  O'  In  the  event  of  these  steamers  being  placed  in  Quarantine  at  any  port,  Cargo  will,  on  the  arrival  of  the  Steamer,  require  to  be  immediately  taken  away  and  transferred  to  another  Vessel  or  Depot,  to  perform  Quarantine,  at  the  expense  and  risk  of  the  Shippers.or  Consignees.  This  also  applies  to  Passengers.  Bills  of  Lading  are  required  to  be  at  the  Office  is  Liverpool  for  Signature  the  day  previous  to  sailing.  Goods  for  the  Wove-named  Ports  mast  have  the  place  of  their  des destination  tination destination  distinctly  marked  on  them,  in  letters  of  not  less  than  two  inches,  otherwise  the  Agents  will  not  be  accountable  for  mistakes.  Shippers  will  please  send  a  Shipping  Note  with  each  cart-load  of  Go.ode  For  freight  or  passage  apply  to  Lewis  Potter  &amp;  Co.,  Glasgow;  or  here,  to  FOWLER  &amp;  DAGNALL.  4,  Tower-buildings  West.  Coastiuf4t.  RHYL,  DENBIGH,  HOLYWELL,  AND  ALL  PARTS  OF  NORTH  WALES.  The  quickest  and  cheapest  route  is  by  THE  S  A  TEL  LIT  E.  TO  MOSTYN.  „.,,  SAILING  FROM  LIVERPOOL.  Thursday  Saturday  Jan  24,  9  0  a.m,  ;an  A,  11  0a  m  Apply  to  Mr.  John  Waticins,  8,  Strand-street;  or  to,  DANIEL  JAMES,  22,  Union-street  Sala  i:4  AM  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL  AND STYLE=superscript  GLASGOW.  The  Glasgow  and  Liverpool  Royal  Steam  packet  Company's  r  Steam-ship  PRINCES  S  ROYAL,  Captain  J.  3.I  4 STYLE=superscript  CHL  . STYLE=superscript  ERy  ;  .`‘  '' STYLE=superscript  q.%  c.l  t  -,,  ,  is  intended  to  sail  as  under:--  PRINC  revented  by  some  unforeseen  occurrence,  From  CL.ARENCE  DOCK,  LIVERPOOL.  26,  at  1  o'clock.  Afternoon  Saturd  PRINCE'S  ::  • STYLE=superscript  .:4  7 STYLE=superscript  1;;;;d  - STYLE=superscript  a  • STYLE=superscript  y  Jan  31,  at  31  o'clock,  Afternoon  N STYLE=superscript  '  l4 STYLE=superscript  .  — STYLE=superscript  Goods  for  shipment  must  be  alongside  the  vessel  one  hour  before  appointed  time  of  galling.  Fares:—Cabin,  including  Steward's  Fee,  155.;  Steerage,  6s.  _  gervan.ts  4 STYLE=superscript  ;  Cabin,  ..  I STYLE=superscript  T  - STYLE=superscript  11  Fare.  1413401iT,  17,  Watet•street,  LiTerpool,  In  our  impression  of  yesterday,  we  published  a  few  brief  facts  of  the  cold-hearted  murder,  which  had  that  morning  been  committed  in  Prince  William-street,  Toxteth-park.  The  deceased,  Sarah  Drummond,  was  described  as  a  fine  comely  woman,  about  28  years  of  age,  but  very  much  addicted  to  habits  of  intemperance,  and  distantly  related  to  her  murderer,  John  Ferguson,  who  is  23  years  of  age,  and  has,  from  his  earliest  infancy,  led  a  most  disreputable  life  .--constantly  being  engaged  in  some  factions  broil,  or  in  plundering  with  the  gang  with  whom  he  was  connected,  and  by  whom  the•locality,  where  the  unfortunate  deceased  and  her  murderer  lived,  is  principally  inhabited.  It  having  become  known  that  the  inquest  would  be  held  yesterday,  much  excitement  was  manifested.  and  the  thronged  by  a  number  erJlatives  is  deceased,  and  of  the  prisoner,  the  mother  and  sister  of  the  latter  rnaifesting  the  utmost  grief.  &#34;'Besides  these  persons  the  '  court  was  crowded  by  respectable  looking  people,  including  many  well-dressed  females.  It  has  been  said  that  since  the  case  of  Gleeson  Wilson,  so  much  public  interest  has  not  been  exhi exhibited  bited exhibited  in  any  case  that  has  happened  in  Liverpool.  It  being  known  that  the  prisoner  was  confined  in  the  main  bridewell,  and  that  he  would  be  brought  before  the  Coroner's  -court,  yesterday,  at  twelve  o'clock,  a  large  crowd  of  persons  were  assembled  about  the  door,  with  coroner's.  court  - STYLE=superscript  v  and  friends  Of  fl  catching  a  glimpse  of  the  prisoner.  He  was  bromht  out  handcuffed  by  Inspector  Creston  and  officer  392  (John  Pliaro),  and  conveyed  from  the  station  to  the  Coroner's-court  shortly  after  twelve  o'clock.  The  crowd  augmented  as  the  officers  went  on,  and  by  the  time  they  had  arrived  at  the  court,  some  hundreds  were  present,  and  during  the  inquiry,  which  lasted  up  to  six  o'clock  in  the  evening,  the  interest  and  excitement  out outside  side outside  increased  every  moment.  The  prisoner,  it  appears,  resided  with  his  mother  and  step-father,  in  the  Park.  The  step-father's  name  is  Williams;  he  is  a  labourer,  working  at  anything  he  can  get  to  do.  The  mother  is  an  intelli-  the  VIE  gent  person,  and  gave  her  evidence  clearly,  though  she  was  much  affected.  The  prisoner  occasionally  during  the  painful  inquiry  seemed  much  affected,  and  cried;  at  other  moments  he  was  cool,  and  almost  careless,  but  he  hardly  ever  held  up  his  head.  He  seemed  most  agitated  whilst  his  mother  was  under  examination.  Considerable  sensation  was  created  in  court  at  several  points  of  the  evidence,  particularly  when  the  police-officer  detailed  the  observations  made  by  the  prisoner,  when  he  said  am  the  man  that  done  the  The  knife  was  produced  seve several  ral several  times  to  the  witnesses  for  the  purpose  of  identification,  and  at  these  moments  the  prisoner  gave  side  looks  at  it,  but  still  did  not  raise  his  head.  We  described  the  knife  in  yesterday's  paper.  The  blade,  on  both  sides  is  covered  with  blood.  The  sister  of  the  prisoner,  a  good  looking,  well-dressed  girl,  apparently  about  fifteen,  years  of  age,  was  present  during  the  investigation,  and  was  deeply  moved  all  the  time.  A  thrill  of  horror  ran  through  the  court  when  the  detective  officer,  Povey,  proved  that  the  knife  belonged  to  the  prisoner.  The  officer's  knowledge  of  the  knife  was  put  beyond  all  doubt,  as  he  had  searched  the  prisoner  recently,  and  found  the  knife  on  his  person.  The  initials  are  cut  on  the  haft.  There  was  an  audible  expression  of  feeling  in  court  when  Mr.  Royston,  the  surgeon,  described  the  extent  of  the  wound  that  caused  death.  At  eleven  o'clock,  P.  C.  Curry,  E  sq  .,  th  e  b  oroug  h  coroner,  impannelled  a  most  respectable  jury,  and,  after  a  brief  address,  they  all  proceeded  to  view  the  body  at  the  dead-house  connected  with  the  Southern  Hospital,  to  which  place  the  deceased  had  been  conveyed  soon  after  the  fatal  wound  had  been  inflicted,  Upon  the  jury  re-assembling,  the  prisoner  was  placed  in  the  dock,  in  the  custody  of  two  policemen.  His  intro introduction  duction introduction  into  the  court  caused  great  sensation.  The  first  witness  called  was  Maria  Williams,  the  mother  of  the  prisoner,  who  said  she  lived  at  No.  87,  Prince  William-street,  in  Toxteth Toxtethpark,  park, Toxtethpark,  with  her  husband,  William  Williams,  a  labourer.  She  had  known  the  deceased,  Sarah  Drummond,  from  her  infancy.  She  was  a  prostitute,  28  years  of  age,  and  second  cousin  to  the  prisoner,  who  is  a  son  of  the  witness  by  a  former  marriage.  During  the  last  eighteen  months  the  deceased  cohabited  with  the  prisoner.  Previous  to  that  she  had  kept  company  with  a  man  of  the  name  of  John  Thomas,  by  whom  she  had  had  four  children.  The  deceased  had  been  living  with  the  witness  for  the  last  three  months.  daring:which  Jack  Thomas  had  never  come  to  see  her.  She  ma  not  know  where  or  how  the  deceased  spent  last  Sunday  night.  The  prisoner,  all  the  Sunday  night,  was  in  and  out  of  the  house  until  about  one  o'clock  in  the  morning,  when  he  finally  came  in,  and  laid  down  until  about  four  o'clock  in  the  morning.  He  then  went  out  perfectly  sober.  He  usually  slept  in  the  garret,  but  that  night  he  slept  in  the  kitchen.  He  appeared  very  uneasy  and  restless  during  the  night.  He  laid  on  the  floor,  and  not  on  the  bed,  because  he  said  he  might  hurt  little  one  of  the  children.  About  four  o'clock  he  got  up,  and  said  he  was  going  to  the  Brunswick  police  station  to  see  some  young  man  who  was  going  off  in  the  prison  van.  Between  live  and  six  o'clock  he  returned,  accompanied  by  the  deceascl.  She  was  cursing  and  swearing,  and  using  some  very  bad  expressions  to  the  prisoner  about  a  jacket  belonging  to  Jack  Thomas.  The  prisoner  told  her  that  he  did  not  know  anything  about  the  jacket,  and  she  had  better  go  and  ask  her  husband  about  oaths  at  him,  and  ran  to  a  cupboard  to  get  a  basin  for  the  purpose,  as  she  said,  of  splitting  his  skull  with  it.  The  witness  could  not  tell,  as  it  was  dark,  whether  she  attempted  to  throw  it  at  the  prisoner  or  not.  The  Coroner  :  Did  he  strike  her  ?  Witness  :  Yes.  He  struck  he  a  violent  blow  on  the  face.  They  both  fell  on  the  floor,  and  struggled,  when  she  heard  the  deceased  say,  Oh,  They  had  then  been  on  the  floor  about  five  minutes.  The  witness  called  to  her,  and  asked  her  if  she  was  hurt.  She  could  not  sp  ea  k,  th  ere  .  [0  held  her  liand'to  her  Ihe  then  her  round,  I  saw  that  her  throat  was  cut.  Just  at  that  time,  Bingham,  the  nightman,  came  up,  and  he  called  for  the  police.  The  deceased  was  taken  to  the  hospital  in  my  cart.  In  answer  to  the  Coroner,  the  prisoner  said—l  have  nothing  to  say.  P4_TB00295 (9:7  , STYLE=superscript  •  41"
