text
"SECOND  EDITION.  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.]  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Eight  O'clock,  a.m.  THE  MINISTRY.  RESIGNATION  OF  LORD  PALMERSTON  !  The  Times  says  that,  Lord  Palmerston  has  ten tendered  dered tendered  his  resignation  of  the  office  of  Secretary  of  State  for  the  Home  Department,  and  has  there therefore  fore therefore  ceased,  within  the  last  forty-eight  hours,  to  form  a  part  of  her  Majesty's  government,  if  that  resignation  has  been  accepted  by  the  Crown.  Upon  the  receipt  of  a  communication  from  Lord  Palmerston,  announcing  the  resolution  he  had  been  led  to  form,  the  Prime  Minister  left  town  for  Osborne  House  immediately,  for  the  purpose  of  laying  the  resignation  of  the  Right  Hon.  Secretary  before  the  Queen.  The  Times  may STYLE=superscript  confidently  state  that  Lord  Palmerston's  withdrawal  is  unconnected  with  the  foreign  policy  of  the  government.  It  has  not  arisen  out  of  the  difficulties  of  the  eastern  question,  nor  is  it  true  that  differences  of  opinion  on  that  sub subject  ject subject  have  manifested STYLE=superscript  themselves  with  such  force  as  to  lead  to  the  resignation  of  any  member  of  the  ad administration.  ministration. administration.  The  ground  on  which  he  is  said  to  rest,  his  inability  to  remain  in  the  present  cabinet  is  distinctly  and  exclusively  a  decided  opposition  to  the  Reform  Bill,  prepared  under  the  direction  of  Lord  John  Russell,  and  agrred  to  by  the  other  members  of  the  government.  The  measure  was  referred  to  a  committee  of  five  ,  members  of  the  cabinet,  and  as  Lord  Palmerston's  opposition  to  the  schemes  of  parliamentary  reform  was  no  secret,  he  w  as  placed  on  it,  in  order  th  a  t  h  e  m  i  g  h  t  consider  its  provisions  and  state  his  objections;  he  gave  his  usual  able  and  vigorous  assistance  and  attention,  but  it  seems  from  the  result  that  his  objections  to  the  principle  of  the  measure,  were  not  to  be  diminish  e  d  or  overcome.  He  stated  them  to  his  colleagues,  but  it  appeared  that  no  measure  of  parliamentary  reform,  such  as  would  meet  the  expectations  of  the  country,  was  likely  to  meet  his  support.  His  objection  is,  not  that  the  provisions  `of  the  bill  are  too  restricted,  or  the  amount  of  the  reform  insufficient,  but  he  is  not  a  parliamentary  reformer.  The  Times  repeats  that  it  is  upon  the  above  grounds  that  he  has  retired  from  the  cabinet,  and  not  upon  any  question  of  foreign  policy.  It  ex expresses  presses expresses  regret  at  his  retirement,  and  praises  his  ad administration  ministration administration  of  the  home  department,  and  his  adhe adherence  rence adherence  to  the  foreign  policy  of  the  government  was  unquestionably  an  additional  pledge  to  the  country  that  the  policy  of  the  government  in  the  east  was  firm  and  honorable  ;  but  it  would  be  a  great  and  mischievous  error  to  suppose  that  his  voluntary  retirement  would  in  any  degree  lower  the  tone  or  relax  the  energy  of  the  cabinet  on  foreign  affairs.  It  does  unfortunately  tend  to  impair  the  influence  which  this  country  may  exercise  in  Europe,  that  a  ministry  is  exposed  to  a  secession  of  this  kind  at  the  very  moment  when  it  would  be  most  essential  for  us  to  be  acting  as  one  man  to  avert  or  to  prosecute  a  war,  and  such  an  occurrence  is  the  more  strange  when  it  is  attributable  to  a  cause  distinctly  foreseen  at  the  formation  of  the  cabinet."
