text
"P  T STYLE=superscript  ug  LETTERPRESS  PRINTERS  OF  LIVERPOOL  deem  it  incumbent  lica  them  at  the  present  i  mp  o  rtant  period  in  the  history  of  their  I:  fea STYLE=superscript  skl,  to  address  you,  with  a  view  to  secure  your  co-operation  ndeavourlng  to  uphold  the  rights  of  labour.  13It  is  to  be  regretted  that  we  have  among  the  Employers  of  Liver.  h°  °l STYLE=superscript  „  , STYLE=superscript  oleo  who,  in  dealing  with  those  in  their  employ,  viol  a  te  ever  e  Regulation,  whilst,  on  the  other  hand,  they  profess,  thr  ong  e  medium  of  the  newspapers  printed  by  them,  to  be  the  strP strP-2'  -2' strP-2'  Pholders  of  the  true  interests  of  he  sons  of  toil.  by  th  ir  actions,  and  not  by  the  utterance  they  mai  to  tam  sentiments,  we  e STYLE=superscript  h  make  this  appeal  to  our  fellow fellow,  , fellow,  rkr STYLE=superscript  nen,  and  call  up  in  them  to  chew  their  utter  contempt  of  such  uYPocriticai  cant,  by  ceasing  to  purchase  newspapers  not  found  in  the  subjoined  list.  We  feel  confident  that  by  adopting  the  course  we  recommend,  yon  can  aff  or  d  us  invaluable  aid,  in  our  endeavours  to  overthrow  that  Power  which  Seeks  to  reduce  the  members  of  our  profession  to  the  condition  of  serfs.  Our  hope  is  that  zpsap.ficposition,  You  will  see  the  propriety  of  cheerfully  acceding  basinuch  as  we  do  not  call  upon  you  to  make  news  o  c STYLE=superscript  f  ne, STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  neither  debar  you  fr  lin  purchasing,  at  a  cheap  rate,  the  .giten  t  the  day;  for  i  n  th  e  l  i  st  appen  d  e  d  h  ereto  amp  l  e  room  i  s  stati  :r  selection,  the  Proprietors  of  which.  we  have  pleasure  in  A  nd  n STYLE=superscript  g  , STYLE=superscript  act  up STYLE=superscript  to  th  e  R  ules  that  we  have  adopted  for  our  guidance  arp  therefore  Worthy  of,  your  warmest  support,  which  we  trust  nt,will  willingly  give 'give'  e STYLE=superscript  have  on  former  occasions  called  your  attentiori  to  the  .  count  to  bred STYLE=superscript  by  some  Trade  and  Penefit  Societies,  in  giving  their  wor'  ti,;'°ue  employers  who  pay  very  low  wages,  or  employ  boy  labour  st  m  e STYLE=superscript  xecutio.n  of  their  work.  We  are  not  ignorant  of  the  favo  , STYLE=superscript  a  llat  7utat  used  by  many  of  the  working  c'-  •a  q.,j!TI  that  the  work  so  done  is  at  a  ch  ea  ;;  a STYLE=superscript  c.  as  cheapness  Inasmuch  as  inferiorit 'inferiorit-l'  .  But  As  the  judge  of  ea  with  rega  This  we  side  slit  supposing  such  to  be  the  case,  we  ask  3  , STYLE=superscript  r  •  h  by  an  Q STYLE=superscript  w  many  of  your  fellow-workmen  v^-  are  amain.  84,,  en STYLE=superscript  deavour  to  save  a  trifling  sum  •  u  r  th  er  ,  the  Adv.l)°rt  Younr  give  to  those  ern-'  - STYLE=superscript  A  r  e  a  n  t  a  g  o  nis  :t.  Respectfully  calling  your  careful,  atten  ato  the  foregoing  We  remain  on  1- STYLE=superscript  --'  Trade,  ,loyera  WRO  are  antagonistic  to  ITON,  President.  muem  GOODIER,  Vice-President  Wrksaam  JONES,  Secretary.  LIST  OF  OFFICES  'RECOGNISED  BY  THE  LIVERPOOI  TYPOGRAPHICAL  SOCIETY.  NEWSPAPERS  Castle-street.  tWednescitiy  (S.turday)  Costle•street.  Churck-street"
