text
"THE  POOR  LAW  BOARD  AND  THEIR  POWERS.  PROPOSED  ABOLITION  OF  THE  BOARD,  MEETING  IN  MANCHESTER.  In  the  month  of  January  last  a  Committee  of  Guardians  was  appointed,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  what  steps  they  deemed  most  advisable,  with  the  view  of  restricting  the  powers  of  the  Poor-Law  Board.  The  committee  was  appointed  at  a  'public  meeting  of  deputations  from  Boards  of  Guardians,  Sze.  On  the  14th  of  November  last  the  committee  met,  and  having  taken  into  consideration  the  circumstance  that  the  Poor-Law  Board  will  have  to  seek  a  renewal  of  their  powers  from  parlia parliament  ment parliament  during  the  next  session,  came  to  a  resolution  to  the  effect,  that  the  several  unions  which  had  heretofore  acted  toge together  ther together  on  this  subject,  and  such  guardians,  ratepayers,  and  others  , STYLE=superscript  as  are  disposed  to  co-operate,  be  requested  to  send  deputations  to  a  meeting  to  be  held  at  the  Albion  Hotel,  for  the  purpose  of  determin  i  ing  what  steps,  if  any,  should  be  taken  during  the  next  session,  either  to  liniit  the  powers  of  the  Poor-Law  Board,  or  to  attempt  a  more  extensive  interference  therewith.  Accordingly  a  meeting  of  deputations  from  Poor-Law  Guar Guardians  dians Guardians  and  others  was  held  yesterday  afternoon  in  the  Albion  Hotel,  Piccadilly,  Manchester,  for  the  purpose  of  supporting  and  maintaining  a  resolution  passed  at  a  similar  meeting,  held  at  the  Albion  Hotel,  in  the  month  of  last  January,  to  the  effect  That  parliament  should  withdraw  from  the  Poor-Law  Board  the  unconstitutional  power  now  exercised  by  it  of  making  laws,  which  only  belongs  to  parliament  itself,  and  this  power  parliament  has  no  right  to  The  meeting  was  not  very  numerously  attended.  Amongst  the  gentlemen  present  were,  John  Holt,  Eaq.,  (Stubbylee,  near  Bacup,)  George  Had Hadfield,  field, Hadfield,  Esq.,  M.P.,  J.  M.  Cobbett,  Esq.,  M.P..  Jo-hua  Fielden,  Esq.,  Stansfield  Hall,  Todmorden,  and  the  Rev.  Mr.  Herford,  Todmorden.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Rankin,  seconded  by  Joshua  Fielden,  Esq.,  John  Holt,  Esq.,  was  unanimously  called  to  the  chair.  The  CHAIRMAN  said,  in  opening  the  meeting  the  best  thing  he  could  do  would  he,  in  the  first  instance,  to  explain  why  and  wherefore  they  were  assembled  that  day.  It  would  be  in  the  recollection  of  many  gentlemen  present,  that  in  January  last  a  meeting  was  held  which  appointed  a  committee,  and  that  committee  appointed  a  deputation  to  go  to  London  on  seve several  ral several  subjects  connected  with  the  Poor.  Law  Board,  and  especially  with  regard  to  the  withdrawal  of  the  last  obnoxious  general  order.  After  an  interview  with  Mr.  Baines,  which  followed  an  inter interview  view interview  with  his  predecessor,  the  deputation  conferred  with  two  members  of  parliament,  who  did  them  the  favour  to  give  them  their  advice  at  that  juncture  in  the  management  of  poor  law  matters.  He  meant  the  honourable  member  for  Notting Nottingham  ham Nottingham  (Mr.  Walter),  and  his  honourable  and  learned  friend  near  him,  (Mr.  J.  M.  Cobbett)  to  both  of  whom  they  were  much  indebted  for  the  pains  they  had  taken  in  this  matter,  and  for  the  excellent  advice  they  had  given.  (Hear,  hear  )  They  advised  the  deputation,  that  inasmuch  as  the  poor  law  board  would  have  to  seek  for  an  extension  of  its  powers  seat  session,  that  that  would  be  the  proper  time  to  ask  parliament  to  limit  its  powers,  or  to  abrogate  its  existence  altogether.  (Hear.)  And  'herefore,  they  recommended  the  deputation  to  be  on  their  'are,  and  keep  their  powder  dry  till  the  end  of  the  year,  when  t  .ry  should  meet  again  with  deputations  from  Boards  of  ;uardians  to  consult  as  to  what  course  should  be  adopted.  Accordingly,  in  April,  the  committee  requested  him  to  call  a  public  meeting  some  time  previous  to  the  assembling  of  parliament  for  the  next  session,  leaving  sufficient  time  for  the  agitation  of  the  question,  and  the  object  of  petitions,  should  it  be  requisite  to  do  so.  Accordingly  on  the  14th  of  last  month,  a  meeting  of  the  committee  was  held  to  appoint  the  day  for  such  meeting,  and  they  fixed  the  present  day,  when  they  had  assembled;  and  it  was  for  them  to  say  what,  under  the  circumstances  must  be  done.  They  would  probably  remember  that  p•rliarneut  must  do  something  next  session,  as  to  the'  powers  of  the  poor  law  board,  or  they  would  cease  altogether.  He  would  leave  the  discussion  of  the  subject  to  those  who  were  to  follow  him,  but  he  might  say  that  in  his  judgment,  it  was  *not  competent  for  those  gentlemen  who  were  sent  to  parliament  to  delegate  their  legislatorial  functions  on  other  and  i  respansible  parties.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  that  was  point  which  affected  the  rights  of  the  constituency.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  had  been  said  to  him  (the  chairman)  that  morning,  by  one  o  f  the  members  for  North  Lancashire,  who  had  been  there,  but  because  be  could  not  support  the  views  of  the  committee,  had  gone  away—that  inasmuch  that  as  Mr.  Baines  might  be  safely  trusted—that  inasmuch  as  he  had  proceeded  in  the  discharge  of  his  duties  with  commendable  moderation,  and  inasmuch  as  •  the  government  did  not  propose  to  seek  for  increased  powers,  that  no  opposition  was  called  for  at  the  present  juncture.  He  did  not  think  that  that  opinion,  however  high  and  respectable  the  authority,  was  entitled  to  much  weight.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Baines  was  not  immortal  ;  and  Lord  Aberdeen  was  not  destined  to  be  First  Lord  of  the  l'reasury  for  ever;  (hear,)  and  who  could  tell  what  measures  might  he  applied  for  respecting  the  administration  of  the  poor  laws  under  some  other  government.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  objected  to  centralisation,  and  contended  that  the  administration  of  local  matters  ought  to  be  left  to  local  authorities,  and  on  toc.rl  responsibility.  (dear,  hear  )  And  if  they  were  to  attain  that  desirable  end,  they  must  deserve  it  by  perseverance,  energy,  and  determination.  Unless  they  made  a  long  pull,  a  strong  pull,  and  a  pull  altogether,  they  could  not  hope  or  expect  to  be  successful.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  had  received  numerous  letters,  apologising  for  noci•  attendance  at  the  meeting  ;  among  others  Mr.  Wickham,  Lord  Goderich,  M.P.,  and  Mr.  Walters,  M.P.  The  chairman,  in  conclusion,  referred  to  the  recent  order,  respecting  so  much  relief  in  kind,  .and  so  much  in  ru.niey,  and  said  that  he  came  from  a  district  (Bacup)  where  10,000  or  12,000  persons  were  out  of  work,  and  had  been  for  the  last  six  weeks,  and  where  it  was  consequently  perfectly  impossible  to  obey  the  fifth  article  of  the  objectionable  order.  (Hear.)  He  had  a  number  of  letters  from  boards  of  guardians,  and,  with  the  exception  of  West  Derby  and  Chorley  unions,  they  all  agreed  in  the  object  of  the  meeting.  Mr.  GEORGE  HADFIELD  M.P.  read  a  letter  from  his  constituents  at  Sheffield,  stating  that  they  were  prepared  to  co-operate  in  any  moment  to  crush  the  greatest  curse  this  couiltry  ever  had  to  contend  with  centralisation  in  regard  to  the  administration  of  th  . STYLE=superscript  e  poor  law.  Had  he  (Mr.  Hadfield)  had  anything  to  do  with  the  drawing  up  of  the  letter,  he  should  here  recommend  a  moderation  of  the  language,  because  he  thought  the  in  mode  as  well  as  the  fortiter  in  re  was  desirable.  The  Rev.  Mr.  BUTLER,  of  Nottingham,  moved  the  first  resolution,  which  was  as  follows  That  as  the  poor  law  board  will,  during  the  ensuing  session,  have  to  apply  to  par parliament  liament parliament  for  a  renewal  of  the  act  under  which  they  are  appointed,  this  meeting  considers  it  a  favorable  opportunity  for  boards  of  guardians  and  ratepayers  to  apply  to  parliament  for  a  limitation  of  their  The  centralisation  system  was  clearly  unpopular  throughout  the  country.  The  fact  stated  in  the  resolution,  was  one  that  spoke  for  itself.  He  must  say  that  he  had  never  met  with  anything  discourteous  from  the  poor  law  board  ;  but  he  had  met  with  a  determination  on  their  part,  to  act  on  their  own  positive  plan  without  taking  any  advice  whatever  from  local  persons  who,  perhaps,  could  give  the  best  that  could  be  rendered.  He  had  resigned  the  chairmanship  of  the  Not Nottingham  tingham Nottingham  guardians,  because  he  did  not  want  to  be  in  hot  water  all  his  life,  and  there  was  continual  unpleasantness  with  the  poor  law  hoard.  He  thought  they  would  all  agree  in  this,  that  this  was  a  proper  time  to  interfere  with  the  unlimited  powers  with  which  the  poor  law  board  were  invested,  with  a  vicw  to  obtain  a  limitation  of  the  same.  Mr.  JOSHUA  FIELDEIST,  of  Stansfield  Hall,  Todmorden,  had  great  pleasure  in  seconding  the  resolution,  but  he  must  state,  lest  he  should  be  misunderstood,  that  it  did  not  by  any  means  go  the  length  he  wished  it  did.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  had  merely  bowed  to  the  opinion  of  the  majority  of  the  committee  in  second seconding  ing seconding  the  motion  as  proposed,  otherwise  ho  should  have  been  in  favour  of  going  to  parliament  for  the  total  abolition  of  the  Poor-  Law  Board.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  had  come  to  that  conclusion  after  a  careful  watching  of  the  operation  of  the  law,  and  con-  sidering  .  how  it  passed  originally,  and  the  unconstitutional  powers  that  had  been.  vested  in  the  board  in  London,  leading  .to  the  d.wial  of  that  relief  in  cases  in  which  it  had  been  ad admitted  mitted admitted  by  all  who  were  acquainted  with  the  constitution  of  this  country  relief  should  be  granted.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  thus  poverty  was  made  a  crime,  and  that  led  to  the  pun'shment  of  hat  was  liable  to  come  upon  them  all,  and  especially  the  working  classes.  He  was  sure  that  those  who  wished  to  see  the  warkinipeople  honest,  independent,  upright,  and  hard-working  people,  as  they  had:  always  wished  to  be,  must  be  aware  that  .  _  the  present  was  a  cruel  and  most  unjust  law.  (Hear,  hear.)  It'  was  said  that  the  new  poor  law,  under  the  centralised  admi administration  nistration administration  in  London  would  lead  to  a  diminution  of  expense.  What  was  the  fact?  That  the  expense  of  th  a  t  administration  formed  a  large  item  in  the  expenses  of  the  country.  He  con contended  tended contended  that  the  law  had  completely  failed  ;  for  since  the  passing  or  it  about  forty  acts  had  been  passed  to  amend  it.  That  clearly  showed  that  those  who  pretended  to  understand  the  'principle  ou  which  the  poor  should  be  relieved  were  totally  mistaken  in  their  ideas.  Then,  again,  the  clause  about  bastardy  had  been  repealed  completely,,  and  the  old  clause  had  been  substituted  for  it.  (Hear.)  Those  who  formed  the  law  were  themselves  not  only  at  fault  in  their  principles,  but  mistaken  in  their  views  altogether.  They  had  by  their  rules  mistaken  the  people  Of  England,  upon  whom  they  would  look  as  dissolute,  idle,  lazy  Vagabonds,  and  that  of  itself  would  always  make  him  most  violently  opposed  to  the  law.  (Hear,  hear.)  Then,  in  carrying  out  the  law,  the  machinery  employed  was  opposed  to  the  constitution  of  the  country,  and  it  struck  a  fatal  blow  to  self-government.  Therefore  some  peculiar  machinery  was  wanted  to  carry  it  out.  A  central  heard  was  wanted  to  enforce  the  cruelty  of  the  law,  and  to  lay  down  rules  which  even  though  death  should  he  the  result  of  carrying  them  out,  were  to  be  carried  out.  (Hear,  hear.)  Under  these  circumstances,  he  for  one  would  have  gone  for  the  total  abolition  of  the  hoard.  (Applause.)  He  never  should  be.  satisfied  until  .  that  board  as  swept  away—(hear,  hear)  because  it  was  opposed  to  all  those  principles  under  which  we  ti  d  risen  up  and  grown  to  be  a  great  and  powerful  nation.  Until  we  returned  to  the  old  institutions  which  gave  the  ratepayers  the  whole  controul  over  the  expenditure  of  the  money  and  the  treatment  of  the  poor— pooruritil  uritil pooruritil  we  get  that  we  should  never  get  a  thorough  and  beneficial  administration  of  the  Poor-law.  (Applause.)  In  answer  to  a  question  from  Mr.  SMITH,  of  Bradford;  the  'CIIAIRWAN  said  that  the  last  return  to  parliament  showed  that  the  expense  of  the  establishment  at  Gwydyr  House  amounted  to  X  260,000.  Mr.  SMITH  said,  he  could  not  at  all  understand  why  the  boards  of  guardians  should  be  looked  at  as  they  were  by  the  poor  law  board.  He  thought  it  an  extraordinary  circumstance"
