text
"niand  to  havelheir  elaim  recognised  would  be  just  enough,  and  no  doubt  would  be  taken  into  account  but  when  we  find  nothing  of  the  sort,  when  w  find  the  Government  called  on,  in  effect,  to  run  the  vessel's  thetaselVes  .for  the  :ostensible  benefit  of  Ireland;  why  we  hear  then  seMethiri,g  itz,  , STYLE=superscript  ry  pre preposterous,  posterous, preposterous,  and  very  nonsensical,  and  .which  ought  not  to  be  put  forward  by  men  in  full  possession  of  their  ,  facultieS;  If  this  means  anything,  it  means  that  the  Government  shoui  d  enter  pa6Seriger  trade  in  competition  with  private  parties;  for  the  Irish  Packet  station  advocates  would  hardly  restrict  . STYLE=superscript  them  to  the  catPlage  of  letttrs  Ybt,  in  this  point;  we  haVe  the  key  to  the  failure  of  the  whole  scheme.  ft  may  be  relied  on---4t  is  indeed,  as  certain  as  any  conimercial  truth  of  the  day,  that  if  a  steam  passenger  trade  from  Oralway,_Cork,  Or  Linierick,  to  New  York,  were  a  paying  speculation,  it  would  not  be  left  untried  up  to  the  present.  We  believe  there  are  men  in  Ireland  sufficiently  enterprising  to  have  made  the  03tiierinient'befole  this,  had  there  been  any  fair  probability  of  success  :  and  if  there  are  not,  there  are  too  Many  stirring  spirits  in  England,  not  to  have  thought  of  it  long  agd:  The  real  pith  of  the  case,  however,  is,  that  the  emigration  £roni  Ireland  is  not  exactly  of  that  caste,  to  whom,  time  is  money,  and  who  must  travel  fast,  at  any  expense;  whilst  on  the  etiier  hand,  those,  who,  week  by  week,  crowd  the  Anierican  mails  front  this  port,  prefer  to  cross  the  Atlantic  WithoUt  a  preliniinary  sea  iaraat  dud  it  purgatorial  land-trip  diVided  bbtween  and  twenty-miles  anlour.traitis  WEST  DERBY  BOARD  OF  GUARDIANS  the  usual  nibeting  of  the  West  Derby  Board  of  Guardians  was  held  on  Wednesday.  Mt.  Hampson  in  the  chair.  There  were  also  present,  Messrs.  Al  pass  and  Heyes,  vice-chairmen,  and  Messrs  Wors Worsley,  ley, Worsley,  Rosliell,  Brown,  Smith,  Molyneux,  Medealf,  JoileS,  RI  and  4;  birch,  W:  Geej  Shaw,  Jeffreyes„  Davis,  Tattersall,  Craig:  The  rhinutes  Of  the  last  day's  proceedings  Were  read:  The  balance.  remain-_  hag  in  the  handS  of  the  treasurer  *as  - STYLE=superscript  5:3,408  Os.  Gd.  On  the  motion  Of  Mr.  Medealf,  seconded  14  Mr.  Heyes,  cheques  were  passed  for  the  ibilowing  amounts  for  the  piirpeses  of  ••  Out-:relief—to  Mr.  Allan  for  £BO  ;  Mr;  Olney  £0;  Mr.  Potts  £B5  ;  Mr.  Lytligod  ;  Mr.  Wihon,  for  county  rate,  £242  4s.  Gd.,  making  in  all  the  amount  of  88.  4s.  Gd.  The  usual  salaries  and  small  accounts  for  the  week  were  ordered  to  be  paid.  A  communication  was  rOeiVed,  front  the  Health  :  Committee  of  the  Bo Bofotigh  fotigh Bofotigh  of  LiVerpetd,  feqUestiiig  :the  co  operation  of  that  Board  in  taking  precautionary  inezigiifeS  to  preVent  the  spread  of  Cholera.  In  reference  to  thi  communication,  was  resolved  that.  a  deputation  from  that  Board  should  be  appointed  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  co-operating  With  the  Heath  - STYLE=superscript  Committee  of  Liverpool,  in  carrying  into  effect  such  measures  for  the  purposes  contemplated,  as  might  be  deemed  advisable.  The  gentlemen  appointed  to  compose  the  deputation;  were  the  Chairman,  the  Rev.  W-  Badnall,  and  Mr.  Roskell.  The  tender  of  Messrs.  J.  and  Alfred  Shepherd  for  the  supply  of  second  triatitpflour,  Was  accepted;  Mr,  Alpass  moved  that  Mr.  Barnabas  Barrett  be  appointed  vaccinator  to  the  workhouse,  in  the  room  of  Mr.  Dean,  which  Was  'seconded  and  carried.  It  was  also  resolved  that  the  Board  appoint  [l...clerk  or  book-keeper  at  c,  salary  of  £4O  per  annum.  Mr.  Alpass  moved  that  the  appointment  take  place  that  day  week,  which  wa%  seconded  and  agreed  to.  Mr.  Clayton•  was  autho authorised  rised authorised  to  prepare  plans  for  the  producing  of  addi additional  tional additional  accommodation  in  the  workhotie  for  the  purpose  of  storage.  The  Board  then  adjourned.  EARTHQUAKE  IN  LOUSIANNA.—A  letter  from  New  Orleans  says  The  earthquake  of  the  11th  September  was  Toy  gerietil  along  the  Lake  coasts  and  is  believed  to  have  been  without  precedent.  It  *e§  not  felt  in  this  city.  CO'NELAGRATTON  AT  BLACKBROOK  COLLIERY  very  extensive  conflagration,  which  broke  out  some  weeks  since  in  the  Blackbrook  Colliery,  St.  Helen's,  belonging  to  Messrs.  Southern  and  Brownlow,  is  still  raging  ,  despite  every  effort  which  hits  been  made  to  subdue  it.  The  flames  spread  with  such  rapidity  that  one  of  the  galleries,  several  hundred  yards  in  length,  became,  in  a  very  short  space  of  time,  a  raging  mass  of  fire.  Despite  the  efforts  which  were  made,  the  continued  trial  of  Mr.  Goldworthy  Gurney's  plan  of  filling  the  pits  with  carbonic  oxide,  and  the  introduction  of  Phillips'  annihilators,  the  fire  had  not  yet  been  wholly  extinguished.  So  great  was  the  heat,  that  the  wrought  iron  bars  of  one  of  the  underground  furnaces  was  completely  melted.  It  is  expected  that  in  about  a  week,  the  fire  will  be  entirely  got  under,  ST.  141:LtSS  PETTY  SESSIONS.—At  the  petty  ses  sions  held  yesterday,  before  the  Rev.  S.  S.  It.  Evans  Dr.  Zillar,  and  Richard  Pilkington,  Esqs.,  a  large  number  of  common  lodging-house  keepers  were  summoned  for  in infringing  fringing infringing  the  provisions  of  the  act  for  the  better  regulation  of  common  lodging-houses.  The  most  numerous  class  of  offences  were  for  not  opening  the  bedroom  windows  and  turn turning  ing turning  down  the  bedclothes  from  nine  o'clock  in  the  morning  till  eleven.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Evans  said  that  this  act  of  par parliament  liament parliament  was  passed  with  the  view  of  checking,  if  possbile,  such  awful  visitations  as  that  which  was  now  overhanging  this  country  ;  and  it  was  highly  necessary  that  the  police  should  inspect  these  houses  daily,  and  by  increased  vigilance  see  that  the  building  and  the  rooms  were  kept  clean  and  sweet.  In  most  cases  a  penalty  of  five  shillings  and  costs  was  inflicted,  the  reverend  gentleman  observing  that  if  the  party  were  again  brought  before  him,  he  would  inflict  double  or  treble  the  penalty.  Three  parties  were  fined  forty  shillings  and  costs  each.  Thirty-two  parties  were  summoned  for  non-payment  of  water  rates  to  the  com commissioners  missioners commissioners  for  the  improvement  of  St.  Helens,  and  warrants  of  distress  were  ordered  to  be  issued  in  case  of  non-pay non-payment.  ment. non-payment.  A  man  named  Joseph  Simms  has  been  committed  to  Kirkdale  for  21  days  for  non-payment  of  these  rates.  MEETING  AT  STAFFORD  ON  THE  EASTERN  QUESTION.  On  Monday  night,  a  crowded  meeting  of  the  inhabitants  of  Stafford,  convened  by  public  requisition  to  the  Mayor,  was  held  in  the  Lyceum,  for  the  purpose  of  memoriahsing  the  Queen  on  the  Russian  invasion  of  the  Turkish  provinces.  Among  those  present  on  the  platform  were  Mr.  J.  Turner,  Mayor  of  Stafford,  Mr.  David  Urquhart,  Mr.  Peplow,  Mr.  Owen,  Mr.  Martin,  Mr.  Flint,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.  The  Mayor,  Mr.  J.  Turner,  having  been  called  to  the  chair,  Mr.  Owen  moved  that  the  actual  events  in  the  East  have  shown  that  the  pro process  cess process  at  present  adopted  for  managing  the  intercourse  of  nations  is  injurious  to  England  aid  beneficial  to  Russia.  That  by  means  of  it  the  physical  power  of  Great  Britain  ceases  to  exist  for  the  maintenance  of  our  interests  and  the  protection  of  our  honour,  and  that,  on  the  contrary,  it  comes  to  be  used  for  ends  injurious  and  fatal  to  the  one  and  the  other.  That  such  a  state  of  things  is  not  endurable,  and  must  be  altered  ;  that  while  it  endures  freedom,  is  an  empty  word,  government  a  mockery,  and  peace  or  war  alike  danger dangerous.  ous. dangerous.  That  this  borough  shall  employ  every  means  within  its  reach  to  induce  its  representatives  to  put  au  end  to  perma permanent  nent permanent  embassies,  to  secrecy  in  diplomatic  business,  and  to  compel  a  return  to  the  legal  practice  of  the  constitution,  so  as  to  prevent  intercourse  between  the  servant  of  the  Crown,  and  the  representative  of  a  foreign  state,  save  under  the  warrant  of  the  great  seal,  issued  for  that  special  pur purpose.  pose. purpose.  That  it  will  adhere  to  no  projects  of  reform,  in  which  this  restoration  is  not  included.  And  that  it  will  use  its  best  endeavours  to  induce  the  other  constituencies  of  the  kingdom  to  act  in  like  manner.  Mr.  Peplow  briefly  se seconded  conded seconded  the  resolutions,  which  were  then  put  and  carried  unanimously.  Mr.  Urquhart  inveighed  against  our  diplo diplomatic  matic diplomatic  system.  He  said,  having  withdrawn  from  the  Crown  the  power  of  nominating  its  servants,  and  Parliament  not  venturing  to  interfere  in  diplomatic  affairs,  because  they  belonged  to  the  prerogative  of  the  Crown,  there  actually  remained  no  power  to  control  diplomatic  affairs.  The  con consequence  sequence consequence  was,  to  place  the  Cabinet,  for  the  time  being,  in  the  hands  of  the  ablest  diplomatic  representatives  of  another  Power.  Now,  as  Russia  was  the  ablest  Power  in  that  respect,  as  she  had  formed  her  men  with  that  very  view,  all  men  of  tried  capacity  and  long  experience,  and  as  they  were  placed  in  all  the  capitals  of  Europe,  there  was  an  articulation  of  influence  which  was  permanent  and  unchanging  in  its  effects,  sending  the  shuttle,  with  its  twisted  thread,  from  Vienna  to  London,  and  so  weaving  its  web  of  despotism  all  over  Europe.  (Applause.)  In  that  way  every  government  was  led  to  do  what  Russia  required,  just  at  the  time  she  required  it.  But  they  might  say,  if  diplomacy  was  so  injurious  to  England,  how  did  Russia  gain  all  her  ends  by  diplomacy  ?  hy,  because  her  diplomacy  was  nothing  but  chicane,  and  when  honest  men  resorted  to  chicane,  they  could  only  use  it  clumsily,  and  the  clever  rougue  outwitted  them.  Now,  there  were  only  two  ways  for  them  to  meet  Russian  diplomacy,  either  by  opposing  it  with  a  great  English  diplomatist,  or  by  getting  an  English  Minister  to  look  a  Russian  ambassador  m  the  face.  He  did  not,  however,  promise  them  that  they  would  be  able  to  get  either,  if  they  tried.  How  did  Russia  gain  her  power  ?  By  her  knowledge  of  men  and  things;  not  the  abstract  knowledge  gained  in  Cabinets,  or  the  forensic  experience  of  debate,  but  the  practical  knowledge  of  life.  England  did  not  organise  men  for  that  purpose,  and,  therefore,  they  could  not  hope  to  get  men  able  to  cope  with  a  Russian  ambassador.  But  they  had  another  resource—to  withdraw.  They  were  not  able  to  deel  with  Russia.  That  was  clear.  There  was  no  need  or  advsntage  in  their  havixg  tellers  of  lies  in  foreign  Courts  (hear).  The  hon.  gentleman  then  entered  into  a  history  of  the  negotiations  which  had  taken  place  respecting  the  passage  of  the  Pruth  ;  after  which  votes  of  thanks  were  passed  to  the  Mayor  and  Mr.  Urquhart,  and  the  meeting  separated,"
