text
"taken  of  //  favourable  ct  created  by  this  news  was  increased  the  message  of  the  President  of  the  United  States  being  much  milder  towards  England  than  was  expe.ted;  and  it  was  still  further  increas increased  ed increased  by  the  Moniteur  having  published  a  report  from  the  Minister  of  Finance  to  the  Emperor,  on  the  state  of  the  finances  ;  which  report  says,  that  the  deficit  of  1854  will  not  reach  70,000,000  f,  (2,800,0000  and  that  of  1855  will  only  be  50,000,000  f.  ;  that  there  still  remain  535,000,000  f.  of  the  recent  loans  to  disburse  in  expenses  of  the  war;  and  that  the  floating  debt  is  only  625,000,000  f.  (121,000,000  f.  less  than  last  year),  and  the  amount  of  Treasury  bills  in  circulation  only  168,000,000  f.  As  a  set  off  to  the  couleur  de  roe  view  of  things  which  is  taken  to-day,  it  must  be  mentioned  that  it  is  alleged  in  a  Berlin  despatch,  that  Eng England,  land, England,  in  addition  to  what  is  set  forth  in  the  Aus Austrian  trian Austrian  propositions,  peremptorily  requires  that  the  fortifications  of  the  Aland  Isles  shall,  on  no  account  be  rebuilt,  and  that  Russia  will  not  consent  to  this.  I  am  assured  to-day  on  authority  which  is  entitled  to  tho  very  highest  respect,  and  English  authority  too,  that  the  understanding  between  Austria  and  England  is  much  more  intimate  and  friendly  than  is  generally  supposed,  and  than  the  recent  state  of  their  relations  would  cause  to  be  expected.  Indeed  it  is  said  that  their  communica communications  tions communications  have  lately  assumed  such  a  very  cordial  character  as  to  cause  some  little  disquietude  to  the  Emperor  of  the  French.  •  He  has  hitherto  striven  hard  to  gain  the  good  graces  of  Austria,  and  has  succeeded  to  a  great  extent.  Hi  3  alliance  with  her  increased  his  power  and  prestige  in  Europe,  and  the  idea  of  seeing  himself  supplanted  by  England  is  naturally  not  palatable  to  him.  A  Trieste  despatch  gives  bad  news  from  the  Asiatic  provinces  of  Asia.  The  Russians  were  only  at  three  hours'  march  from  Erzeroum,  The  despatch  mentions  a  report  that  the  Allies  were  to  evacuate  the  Crimea,  with  the  exception  of  Kamiesch  and  Balaklava,  and  that  the  English  -were  to  march  against  Tiflis,  and  the  Sardinians  to  join  the  Turks  at  Erzeroum.  As  to  the  French,  nothing  is  said  of  them.  .This  report,  however,  merits  no  credit,  for  the  Council  of  War  now  assembled  at  the  Tuileries  can  alone  decide  what  the  plans  of  the  new  campaign  are  to  be.  The  despatch  further  says  that  Omer  Pacha  was  to  leave  for  England,  but  this  is  either  a  mistake  or  an  absurdity  A  Berlin  despatch  tells  us  that  a  sort  of  Congress  the  petty  princes  of  the  Confederation  is  about  be  held  in  that  city,  and  that  the  Prince  Regent  Baden  and  the  Grand  Duke  of  Weimar  had  eady  arrived  to  take  part  in  it.  diers  are  to  be  seen  everywhere  with  their  English  medals  on  t  the  Ens  iish  Embassy  last  night,  the  distribution  of  the  ery  brilliant,  on(  n,  did  ball  v  Lady  Aimmatemree.7-  - STYLE=superscript  ,  TIIE  RUGELEY  POISONING  CASES.  THE  CHARGE  AGAINST  THE  POST-MASTER--  HIS  COMMITTAL  FOR  TRIAL  PROM  OUR  017  N  REPORTER  •  RUGELEY,  THURSDAY.  The  adjourned  investigation  into  the  charge;  preferred  against  Mr.  Samuel  Cheshire,  the  post-master  of  Rugeley  , STYLE=superscript  for  opening  a  letter  respecting  the  results  of  the  analysis  of  the  stomach  and  intestines  of  the  late  Mr.  John  Parsons  Cooke,  written  by  Professor  Taylor  to  Mr.  Gardener  , STYLE=superscript  solicitor,  of  Rugeley,  and  making  the  same  known  to  William  Palmer,  was  resumed  this  afternoon,  at  the  Talbot-hotel,  Rugeley,  before  the  county  magistrates—.  Dr.  Harwood  presiding.  The  room  was  much  crowded  during  the  proceedings.  Mr.  Phillips,  solicitor  to  the  post-office,  was  again  in  attendance,  to  conduct  the  case  on  the  part  of  the  post-  master-general,  tt  The  facts  of  the  case,  and  the  admission  of  the  accused  at  the'former  hearing,  to  the  extent  that  he  found  the  letter  lying  open  in  the  post-office,  and  after  looking  into  the  letter,  communicated  its  contents  to  Palmer,  have  already  appeared  in  the  papers,  and  the  case  had  been  mainly  adjourned  for  the  purpose  of  the  examination  of  Mr.  Ward,  the  coroner,  to  whom  Palmer  communicated  Dr.  Taylor's  letter  after  receiving  its  contents  from  Mr.  Cheshire.  The  attendance  of  Mr.  Ward  had  also  been  requested  by  the  bench,  in  consequence  of  the  evidence  given  by  George  Bates  at  the  first  hearing  on  Thursday  last,  and  from  which  it  has  been  inferred  that  Palmer  endeavoured  to  tamper  with  the  coroner  with  reference  to  the  inquest  on  the  body  of  Mr.  Cooke.  At  the  commencement  of  the  proceedings,  Dr.  Harwood,  the  Chairman,  said  :  Our  meeting  here  to-day  is  chiefly  to  obtain  evidence  from  the  coroner  re.  specting  two  letters  which  he  is  said  to  have  received  from  William  Palmer  on  the  Bth  and  13th  of  December  respee'  tively.  I  believe  he  has  been  summoned—Does  1  10 STYLE=superscript  appear  ?  Mr.  Bergen,  superintendent  of  the  Rugeley  police:  ,No;  he  states  that  he  has  inquests  to  attend,  and  has  sent  a  letter.  4  Ellis  Crisp,  inspector  of  police  at  Rugeley,  was  then  examined  :  He  said  that  on  Friday  last,  the  11th  of  Jane'  ary,  he  served  the  coroner,  Mr.  Wm.  Webb  Ward,  with  a  summons  to:appear  here  to-day,  and  produce  two  letters  named  on  the  face  of  the  summons.  lie  said,  Ireri  Thomas  Addison,  clerk  to  Mr.  Ward,  the  coroner,  Wa  g STYLE=superscript  next  calkd,  and  said  he  resided  with  Mr.  Ward.  'TO  morning  Mr.  Ward  gave  him  two  letters,  and  desired  hi'  to  give  them  to  the  magistrates.  lie  said  to  witness  that  he  could  not  attend,  in  consequence  of  having  an  inques  t STYLE=superscript  to  attend  to-day  at  Copend.  One  of  the  letters  given  me  by  Mr.  Ward  to  deliver  to  the  magistrates  is  directed  to  the  magistrates,  and  is  as  follows  :  Stafford,  January  17,  1856-  Gentlemen,—l  send  you  the  letter  I  received  from  Mites;  I  have  none  other,  nor  can  I  give  ant  evidence  against  Cheshire  ;  if  you  wish  to  examine  me  oil  sny  question  ing  to  William  Palmer,  would  it  not  be  well  to  do  so  after  the  enquiry  is  concluded  now  pending  on  the  body  of  Walter  Palmer?  I  must  apologize  for  my  non-attendance  to  day,  as  inquests  require  my  presence  elQewhere.—l  am,  yours  obediently,  WILLIAM  WEBB  WARD.  ,  To  the  magistrates  sitting  ae  the  Post-office  Enquiry,  at  liugeley.  The  other  letter  was  directed  to  William  Webb  Ward,  Fan_  Dr.  Harland  read  the  letter,  as  follows,  remarking  that  there  was  no  date  to  it  :  My  dear  sim,—  I  am  sorry  to  tell  you  that  I  am  Oi  l/ STYLE=superscript  _confined  to  my  bed  ;  I  do  not  thtnk  it  was  mentioned  at  the  , STYLE=superscript  inquest,  y  es  t  er  d  ay,  that  Cook  was  taken  ill  on  'Sunday  and  Mondafnight,  in  the  same  way  as  he  was  on  theVoesdai  night  when  he  died;  the  chambermaid  at  the  Crown  Hot  e STYLE=superscript  l'  Master's,  can  prove  this;  I  also  believe  that  a  by  the  name  of  Fisher  is  coming  to  prove  that  he  received  money  at  Shrewsbury  ;  n  0  here,  he  could  only  pay  Smith  £lO  out  of  £4l  1 STYLE=superscript  owed  him.  H  a  d  y  ou  not  better  Smith  t  o  p  rove  this?  And  again,  whatever  Professor-  Taylor  may  say  to-  mo  rroscf  be  wrote  from  London  last  Tuesday  night  to  Gardener  to  sag'  'We  have  this  d  a  y  fi  n  i  shed  our  analysis,  and  can  find  ~  traces  of  either  strychnia,  prussic  acid,  or  opium.'  ,  W  11 STYLE=superscript  9:  can  beat  this  f  rom  a  man  li  ke  Taylor,  if  he  says  what  het&#34;'t&#34;  already  said,  and  Dr.  Harland's  evidence  Mind  you,  knc  it  in  black  and  white,  what  Taylor  sa  id  t  .t  o  Ga  , STYLE=superscript  ,  1  is  strictly  p  r  i  vate  and  con*lential,  but  is  t  Ar  regards  his  betting  I  know  nothing.  of  it,  is  of  ro  good  to  any  one.  I  hope  the  verdict  to-mor to-mor•o  •o to-mor•o  will  be  that  he  died  of  natural  causes,  and  end  it.  1.  vet  Ward  ?"
