text
"Rtifq  THEATRE  ROYAL.  Williamson-square.  MISS  CUSHMAN  will  appear  at  this  Theatre  To-morrow  (THURSDAY)  the  15th  instant;  in  the  character  of  BIANCA,  in  Millman's  Tragedy  of  being  engaged  for  that  night  only.  Last  Four  Nights  of  MISS  FITZPATRICK,  whose  successful  debut  in  London,  and  subsequent  tour  in  the  United  States,  have  distinguished  her  as  one  of  the  principal  artistes  in  Comedy.  —Talc  EVENING  (Wednesday),  the  14th  instant,  THE  WONDER!  Donna  Violante;  Miss  Fitzpatrick.  To  conclude  with  FORTUNE'S  FROLIC.—MR.  BARRY  SULLIVAN,  who  is  engaged  for  FIVE  NIGHTS  ONLY,  will  make  his  first  appearance  on  MONDAY  next,  19th  instant.—Admission  :  Dress  Boxes,  4s.  ;  Upper  Boxes,  3s.  ;  Pit,  25.;  Gallery,  Is.—  Doors  open  at  half-past  six.  Performances  commence  at  seven  o'clock  precisely.—The  Box  Office  is  open  from  Ten  till  Three  o'clock  daily,  for  securing  Seats  and  taking  Private  boxes,  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  T.  Shuttleworth.  —Children  in  arms  will  not  be  admitted.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  Sole  Lessee,  Hr.  W.  R.  Copeland,  15,  Great  Charlotte-stree  IMMENSE  SUCCESS  OF  PABLO  FANQUE'S  COMPANY!  GRAND  ROUTINE  or  EQUESTRIAN  NOVELTIES,  Tan  EVENING  (Wednesday),  December  14th.  Third  night  of  the  New,  Grand  Ballet  entitled  MARGO  SCIARRO  ;  or,  THE  BRIGAND  QUEEN  OF  THE  ABRUZZI.  Great  Success  of  the  TRAINED  PONY  &amp;  MONKEY.  Enthusiastic  reception  of  MADAME  ANTONIA.—  Doors  open  at'  a  quarter  to  seven  o'clock,  and  the  Performance  to  com commence  mence commence  at  half-past  seven.—Prices  of  Admission  :  Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  2s.  6c1.;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Stalls,  is.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  2s.  ;  Side  Boxes,  ls.  6d.  ;  Pit;  ls.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Second  Price,  to  Boxes  and  Pit,  at  nine  o'clock.  ROYAL  ADELPHI  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington.  -  THIS  EVENING  (Wednesday),  December  14th,  for  the  BENEFIT  of  MISS  AUGUSTA  CLIFTON,  the  Perform Performances  ances Performances  will  commence  with  YELT,  THE  MILLER'S  DOG.  To  be  followed  by  a  Drama  of  intense  interest,  entitled  THE  BRIGAND'S  RETREAT.  To  conclude  with  ALICE  GRAY.—In  preparation,  the  Magnificent  New  Comic  Pantomime,  which  will  be  produced  during  the  Christmas  Holidays,  with  Gorgeous  New  Scenery  by  Messrs.  Matthews  and  Ramsden,  Machinery  by  Mr.  Atkins,  and  Appointments  by  Mr.  Gibbs  '  entitled.  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS  ;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  SINBAD  THE  SAILOR,  AND  THE  FAIRY  or  CORAL  GROT.  Sinbad,  the  sailor,  Miss  Carre,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Haymarket,  Harlequin,  Mr.  C.  Brown.  Pantaloon,  Mr.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesale.  Sprite,  Signor  Sylvani.—  Centre  Boxes,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  ls.  ;  Pit.  6d.;  Gallery,  3d.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament  Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  Tim  EVENING  (Wednesday),  Dec.  14th,  for  the  BENEFIT  of  MR.  J.  HIE  LTON—DAMON  AND  PYTHIAS.  After  which,  the  Nautical  Drama  of  SPREES  ALONG  SHORE.  To  conclude  with  THE  BROKEN  HE  A  R  T.—On  THURSDAY,  A  VARIETY  OF  ENTERTAINMENTS.—  On  FRIDAY  Evening  '  Dec.  16th,  for  the  BENEFIT  of  Mr.  W.  R.  WALDRON  (Stage  Manager),  will  be  presented  a  New  Romantic  Drama,  entitled  THE  FIELD  OF  DEATH;  or,  THE  FORTY  FOOTSTEPS.  Francis  Vere,  Miss  Marriott.  The  Laughable  Interlude  of  THE  IRISH  LION.  Tim  Moor,  Mr.  W.  R.  Waldron.  To  conclude  with  THE  LIFE  OF  A  MECHANIC.—In  Rehearsal,  the  New  Grand  Local  Christmas  Pantomime  ORMSHEAD  THE  GREAT  ;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON.  Columbine,  Mademoiselle  Rose;  Harlequin,  Sig.  Guarrino  ;  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson  ;  Inimitable  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby.—  Doors  open  at  half-past  six,  commence  at  seven  o'clock.—Admission,  Private  Boxes,  25.;  Boxes,  ls.;  Pit,  6d.;  Gallery,  3d.  -  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  THIS  DAY—Morning,  10h.  32m  ....  Afternoon,  10h.  47m.  WEDNESDAY,  DECEMBER  14,  18  THE  telegraphic  intelligence  received  from  the  East  yesterday  is  highly  important.  If  true  it  proves  two  great  facts.  First,  that  secret  diplo diplomacy  macy diplomacy  has  led  to  a  most  ,sanguinary  conflict  :  and  secondly,  that  if  the  Turks  were  beaten  at  all,  they  fought  with  sufficient  gallantry  to  win  for  them  the  warmest  sympathy  and  admiration  of  every  free  and  justice  loving  people.  In  the  re  ported  defeat  of  the  Turks  at  Sinope,  it  is  said  that  the  Ottomans  lost  thirteen  ships,  while  the  Turkish  version  of  the  affair  received  yesterday  informs  us  that  the  Russians  lost  two  ships  of  the  line,  three  frigates,  and  two  steam  boats.  The  dispatch  also  states  the  latter  force  con consisted  sisted consisted  of  twelve  frigates,  a  brig,  five  steam-boats,  and  six  ships  of  the  line.  Successfully  to  resist  such  an  overwhelming  force  as  this,  was  impossi impossible;  ble; impossible;  but  the  fact  of  a  Turkish  convoy  having  engaged  so  formidable  an  armament,  and  having  destroyed  no  less  than  seven'ships  is  an  event  in  naval  warfare  that  will  not  be  readily  forgotten.  But  Europe  is  not  seeking  bloody  exploits,  or  military  renown.  Civilisation  invokes  peace  and  good-will  among  all  nations.  Rational  liberty  will  not  hear  of  the  triumphant  march  of  des despotism.  potism. despotism.  If  the  Turks  were  no  better  than  the  rab rabble  ble rabble  of  Amoy,  or  Canton,  England  should  blush  at  suffering  an  attempt  to  be  made  to  exterminate  them  without  mercy.  In  all  cases  such  as  the  present  every  court  and  every  cabinet  has  its  views  and  feelings.  NICHOLAS  is  personally  known  to  every  one  in  St.  James's,  from  the  Prince  down  to  the  green  grocer.  Long  visits  and  short  accounts  are  kingly  qualities  which  command  considerable  popularity  in  these  days,  and  by  these  means  the  Royal  Family  of  Russia  have  won  the  golden  opinions  of  the  soft-headed  people  of  the  West  End.  To  outrage  the  susceptibilities  of  the  CZAR  would  be  to  do  dishonour  to  British  hospitality  !  Nothing  short  of  such  quirks  and  quibbles  could  have  sanctioned  for  one  moment  the  invasion  of  the  Turkish  territory  by  so  dangerous  an  enemy  to  civil  and  religious  liberty  as  the  AUTOCRAT  of  Rus Russia.  sia. Russia.  From  the  first  moment  his  troops  crossed  the  Pruth  the  full  scope  of  his  designs  were  made  known  to  the  cabinet  and  people  of  this  country,  and  those  who  do  not  resist  cruelty  and  injustice  stand  charged  with  the  full  guilt  of  its  commission,  and  when  we  think  of  the  fearful  carnage  that  Sinope  must  have  witnessed  in  a  naval  conflict  in  which  twenty  ships  are  said  to  have  been  destroyed,  we  do  not  envy  those  their  reflections  who  might  have  saved  humanity  from  such  an  amount  of  death  and  bloodshed.  The  Turks,  in  resisting  the  inroads  of  the  CZAR  upon  their  soil,  are  doing  no  more  than  we  should  do  under  similar  circumstances,  and  the  European  cabinet  that  does  not  recognise  this  right  and  sustain  it,  tacitly  admit  the  right  of  agres agressive  sive agressive  invasion,  against  which  we  have  been  ex expending  pending expending  millions  in  the  way  of  military  de 'defences.'  At  one  period  our  suspicions  as  to  the  part  England  was  prepared  to  take  in  this  most  nefarious  war,  gave  place  to  a  belief  that  Rus Russia  sia Russia  would  be  given  to  understand,  in  the  most  dis distinct  tinct distinct  terms,  that  if  she  openly  violated  the  laws  of  humanity,  and  wantonly  shed  the  blood  of  an  un unoffending  offending unoffending  people,  that  she  would  be  prostrated,  and  her  sceptre  wrenched  from  the  grasp  of  a  vile  despot,  the  principle  of  whose  existence  depends  on  the  accomplishment  of  the  most  savage  deeds  of  blood.  England  at  one  time  could  boast  of  statesmen  who  were  capable  of  giving  expression  to  such  sen sentiments,  timents, sentiments,  and  who  were  equal  to  the  accomplishment  of  so  grand  a  design  in  any  case  where  the  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  favoured  the  furtherance  of  the  profes professions  sions professions  of  their  lives,  as  well  as  those  of  their  constituents.  But  now  the  most  successful  poli politician  tician politician  is  the  man  who  professes,  while  he  defeats,  the  popular  views  and  feelings  of  this  country.  Long  experience  in  the  working  of  this  system  has  produced  much  apathy  and  disgust  in  the  pub  lic  mind  of  Great  Britain;  but  we  have  never  read  history  rightly,  if  we  have  not  discovered  that  pas  siveness  produced  by  such  questionable  means,  has.  been  met  by  a  reaction  which  swept  away  the  cloud  which  darkened  the  path  of  the  liberal  cause,  and  left  all  moderation  exposed  to  the  most  violent  popular  indignation.  The  very  nature  of  the  Turco-Russian  war  has  enlisted  the  moral  feeling  of  all  classes  in  favour  of  the  unoffending  Turks  ;  while  the  political  character  and  consequences  of  the  contest  are  viewed  by  all  interests  as  one  which  presents  a  golden  opportunity  for  the  rulers  of  Europe,  to  show  the  world  that  a  war  of  aggression  shall  henceforth  be  impossible.  But  instead  of  doing  this  with  a  bold  hand  and  open  heart,  we  have  a  volume  of  secret  notes  flying  from  court  to  court— courttelegraphs  telegraphs courttelegraphs  publishing  unintelligible  reports—se reports—secret  cret reports—secret  dispatches,  disclosing  just  enough  to  give  the  public  a  relish  for  the  forthcoming  falsehood  —  secret  diplomacy  measuring  silence  by  the  Scotch  acre—while  Lord  ABERDEEN  is  winking  at  the  Muscovy  ducks  in  St.  James's  park.  But  what  order  of  administration  of  public  affairs  is  this  ?  Is  it  government  at  all,  that  leaves  the  most  vital  interests  of  the  Empire  exposed  to  all  the  losses  and  dangers  of  a  long  protracted  season  of  doubt  ?  In  Paris,  the  public  excitement  produced  by  the  reported  defeat  of  the  Turkish  naval  force,  is  fast  approaching  a  climax.  We  have  already  warned  our  readers  of  the  dangers  to  be  apprehended  from  such  a  defeat  ;  and  we  again  repeat  that  Europe  is  not  in  a  temper  to  be  trifled  with  by  mere  ambitious  Autocrats.  France  cannot  wait  for  a  long  string  of  accidents  to  decide  her  course.  The  first  must,  in  all  probability  be  seized  as  a  safeguard  against  the  consequences  of  a  second  shock  ;  and  once  France  takes  the  field,  Europe  may  be  said  to  be  in  a  blaze  ;  when  England's  consolation  will  be—she  had  an  imbe  cile  old  gentleman  for  a  minister,  and  enjoyed  a  degree  of  passiveness  equal  to  her  destruction  The  London  organ  of  the  Foreign-office  gives  us  the  following  information,  which  we  think  suffi sufficient  cient sufficient  in  itself  to  show  what  we  may  expect  for  the  unhappy  Turks  at  the  hands  of  their  savage  invaders.  The  Emperor  of  Russia  does  not  demand  more  now  than  he  did  three  months  ago,  but  he  will  take  nothing  less  ;  .  and  by  the  arrangement  that  has  been  come  to  with  Austria,  all  idea  of  assisting  the  Turks  in  annulling  the  treaties  with  Russia,  which  existed  before  the  present  war,  is  abandoned.  The  Turks  will,  therefore,  have  gained  nothing  by  their  resist 'resist'  ante—they  will  have  impoverished  their  finances,  have  lost  a  portion  of  their  navy,  have  sacrificed  lives  for  conquests  in  Asia,  which  they  must  surrender,  and  the  Emperor  of  Russia  will  be  very  magnanimous  if  he  does  not,  under  the  influence  of  a  the  protecting  Powers,  compel  them  to  pay  largely  for  the  inconvenience  to  which  he  has  been  put  by  their  London  is  the  home  of  political  toadies  ;  and  the  Metropolis  is  the  hot-bed  of  political  double  dealing.  Let  the  North  be  the  anti.  dote  to  their  iniquity  and  the  real  friend  of  the  sufferer  in  this  case.  SOCIETY  is  beginning  to  take  new  views  of  its  social  relations  and  responsibilities.  Even  the  poor  outcast  who  has  fallen  a  victim  to  man's  lust  and  deceit,  is  regarded  more  favourably  than  here heretofore.  tofore. heretofore.  That  horrible  conventional  law  which  banished  the  fallen  female  from  the  pale  of  human  sympathy,  has  somewhat  relaxed,  and  men  begin  to  look  less  disdainfully  than  they  have  been  wont  upon  the  unfortunate  objects  of  their  own  wicked wickedness  ness wickedness  and  putidity.  Prostitution  is  the  great  curse  of  our  country.  No  vigorous  attempt  has  yet  been  made  to  remedy  it.  A  false  and  foolish  delicacy  has  hitherto  kept  philanthropists  and  political  economists  from  investigating  its  cause  thoroughly.  Parliament  has  done  little  or  nothing  in  the  matter,  and  the  result  is  .what  should  be  expected  under  such  circumstances—the  extensive  spread  of  an  evil,  the  consequences  of  which  it  would  be  impos impossible  sible impossible  to  describe.  True,  a  few  isolated  Magdalene  Asylums  .have  been  established  in  London,  and  other  places,  but  such  has  been  their  internal  government,  that  fallen  girls  who  may  contemplate  a  return  to  virtue,  would,  for  the  most  part,  prefer  entering  the  felon's  gaol  !  A  severe  and  gloomy  system  of  discipline—shaving  or  cutting  the  hair  closely—darkening  the  windows—and  low,  very  low,  diet—besides  perpetual  incarceration—are  not  the  very  best  encouragements  for  virtuous  resolu resolution  tion resolution  ;  to  say  nothing  of  the  natural  and  injurious  reaction  which  such  a  sudden  course  'of  life  must  invariably  produce.  No  girls  of  any  education  or  gentility  would  enter  such  domiciles  at  any  sacrifice;  and  even  the  lowest  class  of  prostitutes,  for  whom  they  are  better  adapied,  must  find  them,  Heaven  knows  !  insupportable  enough.  A  movement  has  taken  place  in  connection  with  one  branch  of  the  Church  of  England,  which  is  likely  to  be  productive  of  great  benefit,  and  which  has  our  warmest  sympathy.  A  meeting  of  the  friends  of  the  House  of  Mercy,  for  Clewer,  was  held  last  week,  at  the  lodge  of  the  Provost  of  Eton,  at  which  the  PROVOST,  the  Bishop  of  OXFORD,  the  Bishop  of  GRAHAMSTOWN,  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  B.  LIDDELL,  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  C.  A.  HARRIS,  and  other  eminent  clergymen  and  gentlemen,  took  an  active  and  earnest  part.  This  Institution,  it  appears,  was  suggested  by  the  Church  Penitentiary  Society— Societywhich  which Societywhich  includes  in  its  committee  of  management  twelve  bishops.  From  the  statements  made  on  that  occasion,  it  would  appear  that  the  Institution  at  Clewer  is  in  a  most  prosperous  condition;  and  that  five  branch  establishments  are  in  contempla contemplation—two  tion—two contemplation—two  of  which  are  already  in  existence—viz.  at  Wantage,  Norwich,  Leeds,  Dover,  and  '  Som Somerset.  erset. Somerset.  The  objects  of  these  Houses  of  Mercy  are  two twofold.  fold. twofold.  First,  to  furnish  asylums  for  such  pious  ladies  as  might  desire  to  live  in  sisterhood  seques sequestered  tered sequestered  from  the  world,  in  order  to  devote  themselves  to  works  of  charity  and  usefulness.  Secondly,  to  afford  shelter  and  succour  to  penitent  females,  who  have  wandered  from  the  path  of  rectitude  ;  as,  according  to  the  Bishop  of  OXFORD,  pure-minded  women  are  not  contaminated  by  intercourse  with  the  fallen  noble  discovery,  which  should  long  since  have  been  made.  Hear  this,  oye  virtuous  wives  and  daughters  of  England  !  and  endeavour  to  act  upon  its  beautiful  suggestions.  The  institu institution  tion institution  at  Clewer  is  to  be  enlarged,  and  accommodation  afforded  for  eighty  inmates.  Besides,  a  general  classification  of  the  penitents  is  to  be  adopted  for  the  more  perfect  and  easy  accomplishment  of  their  complete  redemption.  The  public  mind  has  never  once  thought  of  turning  its  investigations  to  this  quarter;  although  it  is  productive  of  much  greater  evils  to  our  social  system  than  any  other  influence  whatever.  Clergy Clergymen  men Clergymen  have  refrained  from  breathing  a  syllable  on  the  matter,  lest,  forsooth  !  the  minds  of  their  respective  flocks  should  be  demoralised  thereby.  Philanthropy  has  never  yet  sought  the  right  way  to  reclaim  those  yielding  victims  of  man's  depravity  more  sinned  against  than  sinning  haughty  Phariseism,  with  contemptuous  sneer,  has  turned  up  its  nose,  rolled  its  goggle  eyes,  and  passed  by  on  the  other  side—thanking  Goy,  the  while,  that  it  was  holier  than  others  !  The  perfect  indifference  which  has  prevailed  on  the  subject  of  female  prostitution,  even  in  the  highest  quarters,  may  be  gathered  from  the  sentiments  that  lately  fell  from  the  PROVOST  of  Eton  and  his  clerical  brothers.  The  former  observed,  that  since  he  turned  his  attention  to  the  subject,—about  four  years  since,—new  and  obvious  truths  forced  themselves  upon  his  attention  ;  and  he  confessed  that  these  Vnfortunate  women  should  not  be  regarded  with  disgust  and  there  were  men  who  look  down  with  contempt  on  the  victims  of  their  own  Another  observes:  that  women  are  misled  through  abuse  of  the  very  feeling  by  which  their  restoration  is  to  be  And  the  Bishop  of  OXFORD  has  been  led  to  believe,  that  woman  falls  more  frequently  through  weakness  of  character  than  obstinate  There  remains  much  more  to  be  learnt  on  this  subject  than  those  digni dignitaries  taries dignitaries  imagine.  However,  they  are  improving  and  increasing  their  knowledge;  and  we  accept  their  present  confessions  as  an  instalment  out  of  what  is  yet  to  come.  Society  has  been  supine  and  cri criminally  minally criminally  indifferent  to  the  most  vital  of  questions— questionsone,  one, questionsone,  in  fine,  which  involves  the  social  happiness  and  physical  condition  of  the  commonwealth;  and  that  neglect  has  brought  its  own  peculiar  and  merited  chastisement.  We  need  not  visit  our  Lock  Hospitals  to  see  with  what  tenacity  and  se severity  verity severity  violated  nature  acts  as  her  own  NEMESIS.  Everywhere  are  perceptible  the  fruits  of  this  tree  of  Death  !  Has  it  ever  struck  the  Governors  of  Magdalene  Asylums  that  it  would  be  much  .better  to  stop  the  supply  of  fallen  women,  than  to  set  about  reclaim reclaiming  ing reclaiming  the  lost?  Would  it  not  be  better  to  erect  establishments  for  destitute  or  friendless  young  women,  of  whom  there  are  thousands  in  London,  and  other  large  towns,  and  thereby  prevent  the  increase  of  female  delinquency,  than  to  clumsily  set  about  reforming  those  upon  whom  society  has  perpetrated  its  horrible  work  ?  EDWARD  GIBBON  WAKEFIELD  most  pathetically  tells  of  a  girl  sitting  despairing  and  forlorn  before  the  gates  of  an  insti institution  tution institution  at  which  in  hopeless  sorrow  and  helpless  poverty  she  had  applied  for  shelter.  She  would  not,  however,  be  admitted.  The  answer  she  received  was  that  she  was  not  quald  !  And  this  a  Magdalene  Asylum.  'Positively  !  In  Liverpool  prostitution  abounds  to  an  alarm alarming  ing alarming  extent.  The  most  disgraceful  scenes  are  perpetrated  in  the  open  streets,  and  no  police  are  by  to  prevent  such  outrages  upon  public  decency.  Early  in  .the  evening,  women  of  the  most  degraded  class,  perambulate  the  docks,  and  prowl  at  the  corner  of  James's-street,  without  either  shawl  or  bonnet,  inclement  though'  'the  season  be.  Whilst  a  walk  through  Whitechapel— Whitechapelif  if Whitechapelif  it  can  be  safely  accomplished—would  be  enough  to  convince  the  most  sceptical,  of  the  fearful  extent  to  which  drunkenness,  debaueheiy,  and  profanity  are  carried  in  this  town.  '  Tis  fully  time  that  some  energetic  measures  should  be  adopted— adoptedif  if adoptedif  not  to  remedy  these  evils,  at  least  to  preserve  the  semblance  of  morality—by  attention  to  exter external  nal external  decency  What  are  the  Clergy  doing?  Surely,  here  is  a  missionary  field,  large  enough  for  their  exertions  !  We  admit  it  is  much  easier,  and  more  respectable,  to  inculcate  moral  precepts  to  a  well welldressed  dressed welldressed  and  attentive  . STYLE=superscript  congregation,  in  a  beautiful  church  and  from  a  cushioned  pulpit,  than  to,  go  into  the  highways  and  seek  the  lost  sheep,  in  order  to  reclaim  them.  But,  why  should  they  do  the  one,  and  leave  the  other  undone  ?  That  is  for  themselves  to  answer.  RAILWAY  LEVELLING  IN  AMERICA.—Of  the  Illinois  cen central  tral central  railway,  700  miles  have  been  levelled  within  a  year,  and  113  are  in  full  operation.  FOUNDING  A  ROMAN  CATHOLIC  CATHEDRAL  AT  SHREWSBURY.  (FROM  A  CORRESPONDENT.)  On  Monday  last,  at  two  o'clock,  the  foundation  stone  of  a  new•  Roman  Catholic  cathedral  was  laid  at  Shrewsbury,  by  the  Right  Rev.  Dr.  Brown,  assisted  by  about  30  clergymen,  amongst  whom  were  several  canons  of  the  Roman  church.  There  was  a  respectable  a  ssemby  of  persons  collected  to  witness  the  ceremony,  which  in  the  Roman  Catholic  church  and  according  to  their  ritual,  is  one  of  great  solemnity.  The  ground  chosen  for  the  site  of  this  church,  is  situate  at  the  north  side  of  the  town,  and  overlooks  the  Severn.  The  situation  is  handsome.  The  present  Earl  of  Shrewsbury,  who  only  attained  his  majority  on  Sunday  last,  has  given  the  handsome  sum  of  £15,000  for  the  erection  of  the  edifice.  It  was  at  first  contemplated  by  the  young  nobleman  to  be  present  at  the  laying  of  the  corner  on  the  anniversary  of  his  birthday,  but  from  unavoidable  causes  his  lordship  was  unable  to  be  present.  The  church  was  designed  by  the  late  Mr.  Pugin,  and  the  architect  is  the  son  of  that  gentleman.  The  length  of  the  building  will  be  153  feet  in  the  clear,  and  134  interiorly,  over  50  feet  in  breadth  and  about  68  feet  high.  It  will  con consist  sist consist  of  nave,nisles  and  chancels,  with  side  tower  and  baptistry.  It  willbe  ahandsome  edifice  in  the  full  decorated  style,  or  what  is  known  as  It  must  be  very  ornamental  to  the  town.  At  the  hour  appointed  for  the  ceremony,  a  procession  of  the  bishop  and  priests,  preceded  by  torches  and  a  large  cross,  arrived  at  the  place  where  the  stone  was  to  be  deposited.  The  ceremony  then  commenced  by  prayers,  at  a  certain  portion  of  which  the  bishop  blessed  the  stone  and  crossed  it  with  a  silver  trowel.  He  then  proceeded  to  address  the  assembly,  quoting  the  description  given  in  the  Old  Testament  of  the  laying  of  the  foundation  stone  of  the  temple  after  the  restoration  of  the  Jews  :  when  the  masons  had  laid  the  foundation  stone  of  the  temple,  the  priests  and  LeviteF,and  the  people  who  were  assembled  together,  shouted  with  a  great  shout,  and  gave  thanks  to  the  Lord  of  Hosts,  who  had  enabled  them  to  rebuild  the  temple,  for  his  mercy  endureth  for  On  this  he  founded  his  observations  to  the  people,  showing  how  solemnly  the  church  had  always  regarded  the  ceremony  of  blessing  the  first  stone  of  a  house  designed  for  the  worship  of  God.  He  concluded  an  interesting  discourse  by  invoking  all  to  join  with  him  in  beseeching  God  to  bless  the  work.  The  church  is  to  be  dedicated  to  the  Virgin  Mary.  The  bishop  then  proceeded  with  the  ceremony,  the  remainder  of  which  consists  in  the  procession  round  the  site,  taking  possession  of  it  in  the  name  of  the  Lord,  whilst  prayers.  are  chaunted.  On  the  return  of  the  procession  to  the  spot  where  the  stone  was  to  be  set,  the  litany  was  sung,  and  the  remaining  prayers  having  been  said,  the  stone  was  deposited  in  its  place,  the  mortar  being  placed  on  with  the  same  silver  trowel  as  was  before  used  in  the  crossing.  The  followed,  and  the  procession  reformed  and  re retired,  tired, retired,  singing  the  Te  Deuna.  The  only  inscription  on  the  stone  is  with  four  crosses,  one  on  each  corner.  At  f)ur  o'clock  about  60  persons,  amongst  whom  were  the  Roman  Catholic  priests  and  some  ladies,  sat  down  to  an  ele elegant-entertainment,  gant-entertainment, elegant-entertainment,  which  was  laid  out  in  the  best  style,  at  the  hite  Hotel.  The  Right  'Rev.  Dr.  Browne  occupied  the  chair,  and  the  Rev.  Mr.  Tobyn,  the  Roman  Catholic  clergyman  of  the  town,  was  in  the  vice  -chair,  Sir  Edward  Smyth,  Bart.,  and  his  family  were  present,  and  several  clergy,  and  other  Roman  Catholic  gentlemen  from  Liverpool,  also  attended.  When  the  cloth  was  removed,  the  bishop  rose  to  propose  the  health  of  the  Earl  of  Shrewsbury.  He  said  he  did  not  like  speech-making  on  an  occasion  like  the  present,  but  he  could  not  let  an  opportunity  of  a  solemn  yet  a  joyous  nature  pass,  without  saying  a  few  words  in  re reference  ference reference  to  the  party  who  had  been  the  cause  of  their  assembling  so  happily  as  they  had  that  day.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  name  he  was  about  to  mention  was  an  illustrious  one,  and  if  he  did  nothing  more  than  mention  it,  he  was  sure  it  would  be  received  with  affectionate  enthusiasm.  (cheers)  That  name  was  ancient  and  illustrious  in  the  senate,  illus illustrious  trious illustrious  in  the  country,  illustrious  and  chivalrous  in  the  battle,  where  it  ever  was  victorious.  (Loud  applanse)  Glorious,  illustrious  and  victorious  as  that  name  had  ever  been,  there  was  one  thing  which  added  still  a  greater  lustre  to  it  than  all  the  achievements  in  the  senate  or  on  the  well-fought  battle  ground,  and  that  was,  through  ages  of  persecution,  the  name  had  never  fallen  away  from  the  Catholic  faith,  and  the  church  of  God.  (Loud  and  prolonged  applause.)  What  Tal Talbot,  bot, Talbot,  Earl  of  Shrewsbury  had  done  800  years  ago,  the  same  had  been  done  that  day  by  the  present  Earl.  (Renewed  cheering.)  The  Bishop  then  went  into  detail  respecting  the  several  Earls  of  Shrewsbury,  and  stated  that  the  Abbey  Church  in  the  town  was  founded  by  one  of  them,  an  ances ancestor  tor ancestor  of  the  present  Earl  ;  so  that  the  present  church  was  not  the  first  founded  and  endowed  by  an  Earl  of  Shrewsbury.  The  first  act,  of  his  lordship  on  coming  into  his  extensive  estates,  was  one  that  would  for  ever  endear  him  to  the  church  and  to  the  people—that  was  the  founding  of  a  church  for  the  honour  and  glory  of  God  and  the  salvation  of  man,  this  noble  act  was  in  accordance  with  the  principles  of  the  vene venerated  rated venerated  family,  the  brightest  gem  in  whose  coronet  was  that  they  never  forgot  the  honour  due  to  God,  nor  ever  swerved  from  the  ancient  faith  of  their  forefathers.  (Cheers)  After  some  further  observations,  he  gave  long  life,  health  and  happiness  to  Bertram  17th  Earl  of  Shrewsbury.  The  toast•  was  received  with  great  applause.  The  assembly  shortly  after  separated."
