text
"Orthodox  Invading  the  soil  of  the  Mus Mussulman  sulman Mussulman  .  .  with  the  cry  of  Orthodox  was  a  deep  political  design.  It  had  a  twofold  object.  It  was  meant  to  enlist  the  wildest  passions  of  what  is  termed  and  to  turn  the  opinions  of  those  who  profess  orthodoxy  in  favour  of  the  AUTOCRAT'S  designs.  Luckily  this  ruse  failed.  But  had  it  succeeded,  what  would  have  been  the  result?  The  heretical  and  orthodox  people  of  Europe  would  have  sane  tioned  the  entrance  of  the  CZAR  into  Constantino Constantinople  ple Constantinople  in  triumph.  Certain  members  of  our  present  Cabinet  must  have  known  all  that  Russia  was  con contemplating.  templating. contemplating.  The  London  press  knew  it  and  ex exposed  posed exposed  the  whole  plot;  therefore,  we  may  fairly  infer  that  Lord  ABERDEEN  was  not  in  the  dark  on  such  a  grave  national  subject.  And  as  he  did  or  said  nothing  to  check  the  CZAR'S  designs,  we  may  attribute  the  failure  of  the  Muscovite's  attempt  to  revive  the  religious  feuds  of  this  country  and  the  rest  of  Europe,  to  the  popular  feeling  of  European  nations.  With  this  feeling  both  Lord  ABERDEEN  and  all  AUTOCRATS  have  still  to  combat.  Luth  erau  and  Latin  Churches  know  the  history  of  Russian  Orthodoxy  !  The  former  know  full  well  that  NICHOLAS  would  be  a  Pope.  And  the  latter  see  that  he  aims  at  being  a  C2ESA.R,  for  whose  moderation  they  are  not  inclined  to  take  the  gua  rantee  of  our  Athenian  PREMIER  of  the  nineteenth  century.  Give  us  the  rogue  we  &amp;c.,  is  an  English  adage,  and  it  was  never  applied  with  more  sincerity  or  with  greater  effect  than  it  has  been  by  Europe  against  the  impious  designs  of  the  CZAR  in  the  present  instance.  When  Christendom  repudiated  the  Orthodox  of  the  god  of  Russia,  what  was  next  to  be  done.  Notes  had  been  exchanged  by  all  the  great  I  will  take  offence  at  the  lan language  guage language  of  those  notes,  and  will  still  hold  possession  of  the  Danubian  was  the  CZAR'S  quick  resolve.  The  telegraphs  were  called  into  hourly  use.  England's  interests  suffer  both  at  home  and  abroad.  Stock-jobbing  is  carried  on  to  a  ruinous  extent.  The  Turks  take  the  field—battles  are  won  by  those  who  were  marked  for  murder.  The  British  lion  is  now  seen  rampant,  while  my  Lord  ABERDEEN  comes  forward  to  sooth  his  just  anger  with  a  feudal  air  on  the  Scotch  pipes.  But  in  the  meantime,  the  Russian  Bear  is  suffered  quietly  to  walk  away  with  upwards  of  one  million  of  English  gold,  the  fruits,  in  all  probability,  of  several  months'  stock-jobbing,  to  slaughter  a  people  whom  we  are  bound  to  protect."
