text
"THE  OVERLAND  MAIL.  We  have  received  our  dispatches  by  the  Over..  land  Mail,  via  Trieste.  The  dates  are,  from  Bom Bombay  bay Bombay  to  the  15th  of  Nov.,  and  Hong  Kong  to  the  27th  October.  We  extract  the  following  summary  of  news  from  the  Bombay  Times  :  The  latest  accounts  we  have  from  Burmah  are  up  to  the  23rd  ultimo;  they  still  represent  the  country  in  a  state  of  anarchy  and  confusion.  Several  daring  dacoities  had  taken  place,  and,  whether  justly  or  not,  the  king  of  Ava  seems  by  general  consent  to  be  looked  upon  as  responsible  for  them.  Captains  Latter  and  Smith,  commissioners  respectively  of  Prome  and  Sarawah,  have  been  engaged  with  the  dacoits.  The  former  officer,  on  the  14th  September  last,  received  im important  portant important  dispatches  by  the  steamer  .Medusa,  at  Prom,  and  at  once  proceeded  up  in  her  ;  he  found  that  the  dacoits  had  taken  possession  of  a  village  below  Meyaday,  and  had  driven  the  unfortunate  inhabitants  into  the  jungle  ;  he,  therefore,  returned  to  Prome,  from  whence  he  took  troops,  and  after  inflicting  severe  punishment  on  the  dacoits,  completely  cleared  the  village  of  them.  In  the  conflict  the  no notorious  torious notorious  Meah  Toon  was  desperately  wounded,  and  he  has  been  conveyed  in  a  litter,  it  is  said  to  Ava;  so  thut  for  a  time,  at  all  events,  the  country  is  freed  from  his  raids.  During  the  time  Captain  Latter  was  accomplishing  these  events  in  the  district  of  Prome,  of  which  he  is  commissioner,  Captain  Smith  was  also  actively  engaged  in  the  district  of  Sarawah.  Gaining  information  from  a  spy  that  a  body  of  dacoits  had  arrived  at  Kanoung  headed  by  their  leaders,  whose  euphonious  names  are  Moung  Koung  Gyee  and  Nga  Shoay  Maik,  alias  Myoo  Ouk,  he  set  out  accompanied  by  a  number  of  Burmese,  who  had  volunteered  for  the  occasion,  and  the  upshot  of  the  affair  was,  that  the  first  of  these  leaders  was  captured  and  hanged,  whilst  the  latter  absconded;  nor  did  this  deceit  leader  find  it  an  easy  matter  to  elude  the  vigilance  of  his  foes;  for  flying  from  the  Sarawah  distric;  he  unguardedly  entered  that  of  Prome,  where  Captain  Latter,  hearing  of  his  arrival,  hotly  pursued  him;  thus  in  avoiding  one  enemy  he  very  nearly  ran  into  the  hands  of  another,  and  although  his  capture  was  not  effected,  his  followers  were  completely  routed,  and  their  leader  himself  is  now  concealed  (not  for  long)  at  some  place  in  Martaban.  The  results  of  these  successful  operations  are,  that  the  districts  of  both  Prome  and  Sarawah  are  now  peaceful,  that  trade  has  new  vigour  given  to  it,  and  that  merchants  and  boats  can  proceed  from  Rangoon,  up  and  down  the  river  without  much  fear  of  molestation.  The  two  Roman  Catholic  priests  who,  as  we  mentioned  in  our  last  summary,  had  arrived  at  Rangoon  confirm  the  report  of  Meah  Toon's  being  received  at  Ava,  and  protected  by  the  king  ;  they  were  also  the  bearers  of  a  message  from  the  Monarch  of  the  Golden  Foot,  soliciting  permission  for  his  being  allowed  to  send  three  white  elephants  to  Rangoon,  with  offerings  to  Shoey-dagon  ;  but  Captain  Phayre,  to  ,  whom  the  request  was  preferred,  feared  the  influence  the  animals  would  undoubtedly  exercise  on  the  minds  of  the  superstitious  Burmese,  who  firmly  be!ieve  that  the  sacred  elephant  is  the  source  from  whence  power  is  derived,  and  that  the  animal's  presence  is  only  necessary  to  ensure  the  success  of  any  undertaking  his  worshippers  may  embark  in;  and  so  the  gallant  captain,  not  liking  to  refuse  in  dis distinct  tinct distinct  terms  the  request  of  the  monarch,  replied,  that  on  condition  of  the  Frenchman  d'Oorguny  being  given  up  to  him  by  the  Ava  government,  he  would  have  no  objection  to  the  advent  of  the  royal  elephants  ;  of  course  the  government  will  not  think  of  parting  with  their  drill-master,  upon  whom  it'  seems  they  have  set  a  most  extravagant  value,  and  Captain  Phayre  knowing  this  has  availed  himself  of  the  knowledge  to  virtually  refuse  the  permission  solicited;  the  name  of  one  of  the  Jesuits  is  Abona,  and  in  addition  to  the  request  en entrusted  trusted entrusted  to  him  relative  to  the  elephants,  he  is  also  commis commissioned  sioned commissioned  to  prevail  upon  us  to  save  the  king  of  Ava  the  disgrace  in  the  eyes  of  his  subjects,  of  losing  Pegu,  by  agreeing  to  give  him  back  the  territory  for  15  crores  of  rupees,  which  sum,  though  covenanting  to  pay,  the  King  would  not  liquidate,  and  the  country  would  then  become  ours,  quasi  in  default  of  payment.  The  details  of  the  disturbance  which  took  place  in  the  gaol  of  Rangoon  on  the  18th  ultim  o  ,  an  d  w  hi  c  h  we  could  only  briefly  allude  to  in  our  last  overland  edition,  have  since  come  to  hand.  About  sunset  the  convicts  seized  upon  the  muskets  of  the  sepoys,  which  were  piled,  and  h  av  i  ng  pos possessed  sessed possessed  themselves  of  the  weapons,  quietly  walked  out  of  the  gaol,  to  the  considerable  astonishment  of  the  guard,  who  saw  their  muskets  with  bayonets  fixed  carried  off  before  their  eyes.  The  convicts  made,  half  of  them  for  the  river  side,  and  half  for  an  old  burial  ground,  and  although  heavily  ironed,  malliuch  good  way  that  thi  line  guards,  who  11  this  time  turned  out  in  pursuit,Totild  not  head  them,  particulatitts  the  convicts  toojia  narrow  road  lying  between  two  swamps  more  than  knee-deep  in  mud.  In  this  state  of  things,  the  guards  had  nothing  for  it  but  to  fire  at  the  mutineers  as  they  were  seen  running  away,  and  the  Peons  and  Chuprassies  cut  down  all  they  came  up  with  ,  the  result  was,  that  out  of  about  132  prisoners,  13  were  killed,  43  were  wounded  severely,  15  got  clear  away,  and  the  remainder  were  re-captured  ;  so  severe  were  the  wounds  inflicted  that  it  is  said,  all  the  doctors  in  the  place  were  employed  the  whole  of  the  next  day  in  taking  off  legs  and  arms.  It  is  also  reported  that  simultaneously  with  this  emeute,  another  took  place  in  the  gaol  at  Bassein.  We  have  to  announce  the  death  of  general  Godwin,  C.  8.,  at  Simla,  on  the  26th  ultimo.  From  the  north-west  we  learn,  although  of  course  we  cannot  vouch  for  the  accuracy  of  the  information,  that  the  Sirdar  of  Herat  had  allied  himself  with  the  chiefs  of  Cabul  and  Orgunj,  and  that  a  son  of  Dost  Mahomed  had  put  himself  in  possession  of  Kelat-i-Ghilzee.  It  is  also  stated  that  the  Candahar  chiefs  are  proceeding  against  Kelat,  where,  up  to  the  latest  date,  no  force  had  been  collected.  The  commi commisioner  sioner commisioner  in  Scinde  is  said  to  have  received  dispatches  from  our  old  ally  the  Khan,  and  it  is  generally  supposed  that  'there  is  something  in  the  wind's  eye.'  As  we  said  before,  we  by  no  means  wish  to  be  understood  as  placing  implicit  reliance  on  all  the  wars  and  rumours  of  wars  which  are  just  now  talked  of  in  India.  What  with  the  ex expected  pected expected  third  Burmese  war  ;  the  reports  of  the  wide-spread  conspiracy  that  caused,  at  nearly  the  same  moment,  the  murder  of  Colonel  Mackeson,  the  projectedseizure  of  Rawul  Pindee,  and  the  attempted  assassination  of  the  resident  at  Lucknow,  &amp;c.,  one  would  imagine  that  we  were  on  the  eve  of  a  hot  war,  whereas  the  fact  is,  that,  barring  repo  r  t  s  ,  India  never  enjoyed  more  t  r  a  nqu  illity  than  at  present.  Major  Herbert  Edwardes,  C.  8.,  has  been  appointed  to  suc succeed  ceed succeed  the  late  Colonel  Mackeson,  as  commissioner  and  super superintendent  intendent superintendent  of  Peshawur.  The  meeting  at  Umsitser  for  the  suppression  of  infanticide  in  the  provinces  subject  to  the  ad adminstration  minstration adminstration  of  the  Panjab,  was  held  on  the  28th,  and  29th,  and  31st  ultimo.  Full  details  have  not  reached  us  as  yet,  and  we  are  therefore  precluded  from  saying  more  than  that  there  seems  every  reason  to  suppose  that  infantcide  will  in  the  Punjab,  be  shortly  numbered  amongst  the  things  that  were.  The  camp  of  the  commander-in-chief  moved  from  ICalka  at  the  commencement  of  this  ;month,  and  on  the  18th  will  be  at  Delhi,  from  whence  it  proceeds  to  Agra  visiting  Meerut  en  route.  We  regre  t  t  o  s  t  a  t  e  t  h  at  our  obituary  in included  cluded included  Sir  Theophilus  Metcalfe,  the  commissioner  at  Delhi,  who  died  on  the  Sd  instant.  We  also  regret  to  state  that  the  cholera  has  made  its  appearance  in  Bombay,  and  up  to  this  date  the  deaths  have  been  275.  As  in  England,  so  here,  the  majority  of  deaths  occur  in  the  most  neglected  districts;  thus  at  Omercarry  u  :an  undrained  and  particularly  dirty  vil village,  lage, village,  more  than  two-thirds  of  the  above  number  of  deaths  occurred.  Bodies  of  troops  are  now  on  their  way  to  Poona  to  form  Lord  F.  Fitzclarence's  military  camp,  and  prepara preparations  tions preparations  for  reviews,  field-days,  &amp;c.,  are  afoot.  The  order  for  a  3d  European  regiment  to  be  added  to  each  of  the  Presi Presidencies  dencies Presidencies  has  given,  it  is  needless  to  observe,  general  satisfac satisfaction.  tion. satisfaction.  A  meeting  of  the  shareholders  of  the  Commercial  Bank  of  India  was  held  on  the  9th  instant,  to  confirm  and  adopt  certain  resolutions  passed  at  the  meeting  of  that  com company  pany company  held  on  the  17th  ultimo,  when  it  was  determined  to  increase  the  capital  of  the  company,  and  to  alter  the  cla  use  in  the  deed  of  s  e  ttl  emen  t  ,  which  debarred  any  one  person  from  holding  more  than  300  shares  on  his  own  account.  Resolutions  were  passed,  which,  for  carrying  out  the  first  of  these  objects,  determined,  that  one  new  share  for  every  three  old  ones  be  issued,  thus  increasing  the  amount  of  capital  one-third  ;  and  for  the  latter  that  the  words  six  hundred  be  substituted  for  three  hundred.  The  meeting  then  broke  up  We  are  sorry  to  add  that  the  state  of  trade  in  our  local  market  is  not  very  encouraging,  and  that  there  does  not  seem  any  immediate  prospect  of  improvement.  The  following  report  on  the  state  of  the  Indian  exchequer  is  taken  from  the  Bengal  Hurkaru  of  the  Ist  November  :  About  two  months  ago  we  gave  a  rough  sketch  of  the  total  amount  paid  into  the  several  treasuries  towards  the  Four  per  Cent.  Loan.  As  anticipated,  a  notification  shortly  afterwards  issued,  announcing  the  closing  of  the  Four  per  Cent.  Loan,  and  this  has  been  followed  by  a  Gazette  Extra Extraordinary  ordinary Extraordinary  on  Friday  evening,  containing  the  following  three  most  important  notifications  :  1.  That  no  further  transfers  of  the  Five  pet  Cent.  Sicca  Loans  into  the  Four  per  Cent.  Debt  will  be  allowed  after  the  28th  November  next.  dat  '  e  ‘  2.  the  That  3o  t  h  a  1l  of  notes  ece  o  t,  f  lhwBe  t  t  h  ul3  e  ,ob  F  ft  orh  i  no  e  f  dischargedp  Njerao  January  ul  e  a  n  ,ry  t  0  .  aoLllolhont  the  Generale  b  h  bearing.  g  t  number  T  reasury  on  the  or  register,  having  the  option  of  transferring  the  amount  into  a  new  4  per  cent.  loan.  And  '  The  opening  of  a  new  loan,  bearing  interest  at  the  rate  rate  of  32  per  cent.  per  annum.'  The  effect  of  these  measures  is,  that  the  interest  on  the  debt  of  the  East  India  Company  is  virtually  reduced  to  the  rate  of  only  4  per  cent.,  and  that  a  large  portion  of  tne  amount  payable  for  the  Sicca  Five  per  Cents.,  the  transfer  of  which  has  not  yet  been  effected,  will  sec  im  uz  :  i  a  at  s  e  a  ly  vin  b  g  e  converted  into  4  per  cent.,  or  if  there  be  no  time  for  doing  so  th.  ebTefhorreect-haend!aButhaiNf  per  Cent.  tthoeanp,roecspeeedcias  willespecially  as  flow  that  e  will  enable  holders  to  discount  their  notes  at  the  Bank  of  Bengal  at  3  per  cent,  per  annum,  thereby  of  half  per  cent.  per  annum  for  the  period  interveni  ng  be between  tween between  this  and  the  30th  of  January  next.  The  probable  re result  sult result  of  these  reductions  is  obvious.  So  far  from  any  heavy  calls  being  likely  to  be  made  for  cash,  holders  generally  will  be  too  glad  to  accept  of  4  per  cent.  paper,  whilst  a  portion  of  the  surplus  cash  will  eventually  flow  into  the  31  per  cent.  loan.  That  these  measures  on  the  part  of  Government  have  been  accelerated  by  the  almost  unprecedented  prosperity  of  the  public  exchequer  no  one  can  entertain  any  doubt,  for  no  state  would  venture  upon  so  dangerous  an  experiment  with without  out without  perfect  reliance  upon  the  infallibility  of  its  financial  calculations.  Viewing  the  above  announcements  merely  as  an  effect  of  those  reactions  which  periodically  occur  in  the  finances  of  governments  it  hardly  requires  '  any  further  comment;  but  looking  upon  them  in  connection  with  the  increasing  demand  for  capital  at  home,  the  high  rates  of  interest  and  discount  in  the  world's  money  market,  the  in increasing  creasing increasing  exportation  of  bullion  from  this  country  to  China  and  other  places,  and  with  the  present  state  of  exchange  on  England  so  favorable  to  remitters,  they  afford  an  un unmistakeable  mistakeable unmistakeable  index  of  the  financial  position  and  stability  of  the  British  Indian"
