text
"WIGAN,  As  we  announced  on  Saturday,  there  is  every  likelihood  of  the  strike  in  Wigan,  so  far  as  the  mill  hands  are  con concerned,  cerned, concerned,  being  brought  to  a  close  to-day.  On  Friday  evening,  a  meeting  of  the  masters  was  held  at  the  Victoria  Hotel,  and  immediately  after,  some  communications  were  held  with  the  hands.  The  result  is,  that  the  hands  of  Mr.  N.  Eckersley,  Mayor  of  Wigan,  were  to  meet  that  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  this  afternoon  at  his  mill,  where  certain  terms,  the  precise  nature  of  which  are  not  known,  but  which  are  thought  likely  to  suit  the  views  of  the  operatives  will  be  proposed.  Should  this  offer  be  accepted,  the  hands  may  commence  work  immediately,  and  Mr.  Eckersly  will  advance  to  each  person  a  week's  wages,  to  be  repaid  after  the  lapse  of  a  month,  at  the  rate  of  a  shilling  per  week.  It  is  gener generally  ally generally  understood  that  the  other  masters  will  follow  tha  *example  of  Mr.  Eekersley.  It  is  indeed  high  time  that  something  should  be  done  in  Wigan,  for  there  the  strike  has  produced  the  most  serious  results.  Business  is  at  a  perfect  stand  still,  and  the  importunities  for  assistance  on  part  of  the  female  operatives,  (many  of  whom  are  in  a  state  of  great  destitution)  as  you  pass  through  the  streets,  you  may  almost  realize  the  accounts  given  of  some  of  the  provincial  towns  of  Ireland,  in  the  years  succeeding  the  famine.  The  colliers  still  continue  on  strike,  but  public  opinion  is  not  at  all  strongly  in  favour  of  their  demands,  as  it  is  in  favour  of  those  of  the  operatives,  who  labour  in  cotton  mills.  EMBEZZLEMENT  OF  UPWARDS  OF  A  TIIOUSAND  POUNDS  AT  MA.NCHESTER.---011  Saturday,  at  the  Salford  Town  .  Hall,  Hickman,_  the  traveller  for  11iessrs.  Joule,  the  eminent  brewers  of  Salford  (the  full  perticulars  of  which  case  we  give  in  our  publication  of  Saturday),  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  quarter  sessions  for  the  Hundred  of  Salford,  which  commence  to-day  (Monday).  AcemErrs.---Yesterday,  George  Scott,  of  Black-  stone-street,  broke  his  leg  in  Titchfield-street,  by  a  fall  when  drunk,---Anne  Flaherty,  on  Saturday,  fell  down  th  e  s  t  a  i  rs  in  her  house,  4 STYLE=superscript  Court  , STYLE=superscript  Jamaica-street,  and  badly  fractured  her  thigh—On  Saturday,  a  Spanish  boy,  named  Domingo,  belonging  to  a  Spanish  bark,  lying  in  St.  George's  Dock,  received  a  compound  fracture  of  the  arm  by  falling  over  an  iron  saucepan  on  the  deck  of  the  vessel.---Yesterday,  Wm.  Jones,  ship-keeper  of  Drury-lane,  fell  off  the  stage  - STYLE=superscript  of  a  vessel,  in  George's  Dock,  and  severely  fractured  his  leg."
