text
"ENGLAND  AND  WALES.  South  Midland  Railway.  Thames  Embankment  and  Railway  (London  and  Westminster).  Conway  and  Llanrwst  Railway.  Eastern  Counties  Railway  (stations  enlargement,  Wisbeach  Branch).  Oxford,  Sevenoaks,  and  Troubridge  Railway.  Southwark  and  Crystal  Palace  Railway.  Lon London  don London  and  West  Kent  Railway.  Wellington  Docks,  South Southwark.  wark. Southwark.  West-end  and  Crystal  Palace  Junction  Railway.  Sydenham,  Farnborough,  and  Otford  Railway.  Exeter  and  Exmouth  Railway.  Potteries,  Biddulpb,  and  Coneeton  Railway.  Birmingham  Canal  Navigation  (Tramways).  Wycombe  and  Oxford  Railway.  Blythe  Harbour  Improve Improvement  ment Improvement  Dock  and  Railway.  Darlington  and  Barnard  Castle  Railway.  Lymington  and  Brockinghurst  Junction  Rail Railway.  way. Railway.  Wrexham  and  Ruthin  Railway.  York  and  North  Midland  Railway  (Branches).  Carlisle  and  Silloth  Rail Railway  way Railway  and  Dock.  Barnard  Castle  and  Bishop  Auckland  Junction  Railway.  Oxford,  Worcester,  and  Wolverhamp Wolverhampton  ton Wolverhampton  Railway  (Chipping  Norton  Branch).  Hertford,  Ware,  and  Welwyn  Junction  Railway.  Oxford,  Worcester,  and  Wolverhampton  Railway  (Stratford-on-Avon  and  Stour Stourbridge  bridge Stourbridge  Branch).  Ditto  ditto  (Cradley  Loop).  South  Me Metropolitan  tropolitan Metropolitan  Railway.  London  and  Oxford  Railway.  London,  Tilbury,  and  Southend  Railway  (Extension  and  Devia Deviations).  tions). Deviations).  Swansea  Bay  and  Lougher  Valley  Mineral  Junction  Railway.  North  and  South  Wales  Railway.  Great  West Western  ern Western  Railway  (Berks  and  Hants).  North  Yorkshire  and  Cleveland  Railway.  North  London  Railway  (Station).  Spalding,  Bourn,  and  Stamford  Junction  Railway.  Lan Lancashire  cashire Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway  (Middleton  Branch).  Eastern  Union  Railway  (Branch  to  Wymondham  and  Eye).  Fu  St  Suffolk  Railway.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick  (construe (construetion  tion (construetion  of  Docks).  Blyth  and  Tyne  Extension  to  Tynemouth  Railway.  Leominster  and  Kington  Rail Railway.  way. Railway.  Thames  Improvement.  West-end  of  London  and  Crystal  Palace  (Extension  to  Wandsworth)  Rail Railway.  way. Railway.  West  -  end  of  London  and  Crystal  Palace  (Extension  to  Bromley  and  Farnborough)  Railway.  London  and  North  Western  (Shrewsbury  and  Newtown.)  Railway.  Havant  and  Haley  Bridge  Railway.  North  Metropolitan  Railway  Extension,  Leicester-square  Junction  and  South  Kent  Improvement.  Shrewsbury  and  Hereford  Station  Enlargement.  Rugby  and  Oxford  Junction  Rail Railway.  way. Railway.  Montgomeryshire  and  Rea  Valley  Railway.  Darenth  Valley  Railway  Extension.  South  London  Railway.  New Newport  port Newport  and  Abergavenny  Railway  (Extension  to  Swansea).  Tottenham  and  Hornsey  Junction  Railway.  Caermarthen  and  Cardigan  Railway.  Stockton  and  Cleveland  Union  Railway.  Direct  Southern  and  Thames  Terminus.  Thames  Embankment  and  Railway  (London  to  West  London).  South  Eastern  Railway  (Bromley  Line).  Great  Northern  Railway  (Horncastle  and  Kirkstead  Junction.)  Salisbury  and  Yeovil  Railway.  Dover  and  Canterbury  Railway  (East  Kent  Extension).  Stockport,  Disley,  and  Whaley  Bridge  Bridge  Railway  (Stockport  to  Whaley  Bridge.)  Caterham  Railway.  East  Lancashire  Railway  (Dock  Branch  and  Lines  at  Liverpool.  Bradford,  Wakefield,  and  Leeds  Railway.  Stockton  and  Darlington  Railway  (Branches).  Leamington,  Warwick,  and  Stratford-upon  Avon  Railway  (from  Stratford  to  London  amd  North  NV  estern  Railway  at  Warwick).  East  Lancashire,  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  and  Manchester  and  Southport  Railway  (Branches).  Dowlais  Railway  (Extension  to  Vale  of  Neath).  Vale  of  Towy  Railway.  Whitehaven,  Cleator,  and  Egremont  Railway.  Ffestini  og STYLE=superscript  ßailway.  Torquay  and  South  Devon  Railway  (Extension).  Llanidloes  and  Newton  Railway.  Swansea  Vale  Railway.  Swansea  Harbour.  Llynvi  Valley  Improvements.  South  Devon  and  Tavistock  Railway.  Severn  Valley  Railway.  Derbyshire,  Staffordshire,  and  Worcestershire  Junction  Railway  (Extension).  Dartmouth,  Torquay,  and  South  Devon  Railway  (Extension).  Ffestiniog  and  Machno  Rail Railway.  way. Railway.  Norfolk  Railway  (Aylsham  Branch).  Norfolk  Rail Railway  way Railway  (Lowest  )ft  Harbour).  Wells  and  Fakenham  Railway.  Nuneaton,  Hinckley,  and  Leicester  Railway.  Border  Coun Counties  ties Counties  Railway.  Leeds,  Bradford,  and  Halifax  Junction  Railway.  Portsmouth  Railway  (Deviations).  South  Devon  Railway  (Alterations).  A  mberg  .  ate,  Nottingham,  and  Bos Boston  ton Boston  and  Eastern  Junction  Extension  Railway.  Shrewsbury  and  Chester  Railway  (Branches).  Cannock  Railway.  Great  Western  Railway  (Stratford  Branch).  London  and  North  Western  Railway  (Haydon-square  Branch).  Rhymney  Railway.  South  Staffordshire  Railway  (Extension).  Lon London  don London  and  North  Western  Railway  (Junction  Lines  at  Shrewsbury).  South  Wales  Railway  (Branches).  South  Wales  and  Northamptonshire  Junction  .  Railway.  •  SCOTLAND.  —Caledonian  Railway  (Lesmahagou  Branches.)  Perth  and  Dunkeld  Railway.  Caledonian  Railway  (Alter (Alteration  ation (Alteration  of  Wishaw  and  Coltness,  &amp;c.)  Kinross  Railway.  Sel Selkirk  kirk Selkirk  and  Galashiels  Railway.  Ayr  and  Maybole  Junction  Railway.  Inverness  and  Nairn  Railway.  Great  North  of  Scotland  Railway  (Deviation,  &amp;c.)  IRELAND.—Kilkenny  and  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway.  Cork  and  Bandon  Railway  (Extension.)  Belfast  and  enmity  Down  Railway  (CnmhAr  to  T)nwnpatrirlr  )  donderry  and  Enniskillen,  and  Londonderry  and  Coleraine  Railway,  (Bridge  at  Londonderry.)  Belfast  and  West  of  Ireland  Junction  Railway  (Armagh  to  Cavan)  Clones  and  Cavan  Junction  Railway.  Belfast  and  West  of  Ireland  Junction  Railway  (Armagh  to  Clones.)  Londonderry  Bridge.  Midland  Great  Western  Railway  of  Ireland  (Tullamore  Branch.)  Dublin  and  Wicklow  Railway  (Extension.)  Tuam  Railway.  Londonderry  and  Enniskillen  Railway  (Extension  to  Fintona.)  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway  (Exten (Extension  sion (Extension  to  Athlone.)  Cork  and  Waterford  Railway  (Alter (Alterations.)  ations.) (Alterations.)  Wexford  and  Wicklow  Junction  Railway.  Grand  Junction  Railway  of  Ireland.  Cork,  Blackrock,  and  Passage  Railway  (Carrigaloe  to  Midleton.)  Irish  South  Eastern  Railway  (Extension  from  Scarawallish  Bridge  to  Wexford.)  Mallow  and  Fermoy  Railway.  Bagnaldstown,  New  Ross,  and  Wexford  Railway.  Dundalk  and  Enniskillen  Railway  (Extension.)  Tramore  and  Dunmore  Railway.  London Londonderry  derry Londonderry  and  Coleraine  Railway  (Castle  Dawson  Extension.)  Ballymena,  Ballymoney,  Coleraine,  and  Portrush  Junction  Railway  (No.  1.)  Ballymena,  Ballymoney,  Coleraine,  and  Portrush  Junction  Railway  (No.  2.)  Downpatrick,  Belfast,  and  Dublin  Railway.  THE  AMERICAN  EXHIBITION-MINERALOGY  OF  AMERICA.  The  mineralogical  department  of  the  New  York  Exhibi Exhibition  tion Exhibition  I  have  already  spoken  of  as  being  decidedly  the  most  interesting  and  complete.  It  is  imueasurably  the  largest  and  finest  display  of  the  kind  we  have  ever  witnessed,  and  Europe  itself  has  had  few  that  exceeded  it  generally  ;  while  no  display  of  American  mineralogy  in  the  Old  World  ever  could  have  approached  it.  The  arrangement  of  this  depart department,  ment, department,  like  everything  else  which  depended  upon  the  mana managers,  gers, managers,  is  done  almost  as  badly  as  can  well  be  imagined.  The  classification  every  observer  has  to  make  for  himself  ;  and  yet  at  the  head  of  this  business  stands  one  of  our  most  dis distinguished,  tinguished, distinguished,  and  probably  our  most  noisy  mineralogist.  Of  course,  the  gaping  multitude  see  little  but  the  gold;  and  really,  to  a  philosopher,  those  massive  lumps  do  look  desira desirable  ble desirable  ;  but  California  is  by  no  means  the  only  portion  of  American  territory  that  contributes  this  precious  metal.  It  is  found  there  in  considerable  quantities  from  six  other  states  :  New  Hampshire  and  Maine,  in  New  England  ;  and  Virginia,  North  'and  South  Carolina,  and  Georgia,  in  the  south.  1  have  never  seen  so  large  or  beautiful  a  display  of  iron  ores.  Iron  is  found  in  every  State  of  the  Union,  and  it  is  here  exhibited  from  nearly  all.  Nickel,  which  is  used  so  extensively  in  the  manufacture  of  what  is  called  German  silver,  and  which  is  now  being  discovered  in  many  places,  here  f‘irn;APs  its  best  specimens  from  Lancaster  county,  Pennsylvania.  This  menu  great  deal  of  in interest.  terest. interest.  Of  our  31  States,  tin  comes  only  from  New  tramp trampshire.  shire. trampshire.  Pennsylvania  and  Maryland  give  us  chrome;  the  latter,  also,  cobalt  ;  while  we  have  bismuth  from  Connecti Connecticut.  cut. Connecticut.  I  t  seems  amazing  to  an  American  that  we  should  be  importingly  lead,  with  such  a  disnlav  of  it  from  so  many  ...  g  nus  rnis  ore  in  the  exhibition  are  from  Ulster  county,  in  New  York  ;  but  it  is  mixed  with  pyrites  and  blonde  in  large  qualities.  But  next  to  it  Wisconsin  represents  herself  in  large  masses  of  pure  galena,  of  complete  crystalisation  in  cubes.  North  Carolina  furnishes  good  specimens  of  phosphate,  carbonate,  and  sulphuret  of  lead;  while  Massachusetts  and  Connecti Connecticut  cut Connecticut  exhibit  the  latter;  but  the  best  display  is  from  the  Wheatly  mines,  in  the  State  of  Pennsylvania.  The  Wheatly  mines  were  discovered  about  two  years  ago  by  a  gentleman  of  that  name,  who  has  attained  considerable  reputation  at  home  and  abroad  as  a  mineralogist.  The  crystals  of  phos phosphate,  phate, phosphate,  sulphate,  carbonate,  and  chromo-molybdate  of  lead  are  very  fine  ;  while  one  mass  of  galena  is  labelled  300  ounces  of  silver  to  the  The  New  Jersey  Company  shows  the  completest  speci specimens  mens specimens  of  zinc  ore,  in  the  mining  and  manufalture  of  which  we  .  Fe  making  extraordinary  progress.  The  demand  for  zinc  is  increasing  in  the  United  States  most  rapidly,  where  it  is  taking  the  place  of  white  lead.  Scientific  men  from  Europe  say  that  they  have  never  seen  anything  that  com compares  pares compares  with  the  huge  blocks  of  pure  copper  sent  from  Lake  Superior.  Some  of  them  are  of  fabulous  size,  and  almost  absolute  purity  ;  but  there  are  contributions  of  copper  from  nearly  all  the  Atlantic  States,  and  from  other  sections  1,000  or  2,000  miles  distant.  Mexico  and  South  America,  with  different  countries  in  Europe,  show  silver  ores  its  in  contributions  of  qu  i  c  k  s  il  ver;  b  u  t  we  have  no  specimen  of  silver  ore  from  any  one  of  the  United  States  unmixed  with  lead.  The  column  ar  sec  ti  ons  of  coal-beds  offer  a  very  interesting  study.  The  oilstones  from  Lake  Superior  are  thought  to  be  quite  equal  t  o  any  i  n  the  world;  and  the  slate  for  roofing  sent  from  Vermont  is  remarkably  fine.  A  rage  for  minerals  has  .  gone  through  this  country,  and  thousands  of  amateur  mineralogists  have  collected  cabinets,  in  which  they  have  displayed  far  more  sympathy  for  science  than  knowledge.  In  the  north-west  corner  of  the  g  eo  l  o  gical  part  of  the  Exhibition  are  some  exceedingly  be  a  utif  u  l  ammonites  from  Great  Britain.  The  exhibition  is  now  beginning  to  contribute  something  prac practical  tical practical  to  art  and  science.  The  arrangements  are  as  complete  as  they  are  likely  t  o  b  e  ,  an  d  a  l  arge  number  of  scientific  men  and  artisans  are  making  it  a  business  to  observe  and  inves investigate.  tigate. investigate.  Over  sixty  thousand  of  the  pupils  in  our  public  and  private  schools  have  visited  the  Palace,  and  a  considerable  number  of  our  authors  are  preparing  to  write  treatises  on  the  various  departments.—Letter  in  Me  Times."
