text
"WEST  COAST  AFRICAN  MAIL,  The  Ethiope,  African  mail  steamer,  arrived  in  Ply Plymouth  mouth Plymouth  Sound  on  Sunday  morning  from  the  west  coast  of  Africa,  with  mails,  &amp;c.  She  has  since  come  into  Mill Millbay  bay Millbay  to  discharge  her  passengers  and  cargo,  and  is  to  proceed  to  . STYLE=superscript  this  port  to  repair  and  refit,  she  having  experienced  some  heavy  weather,  and  her  boilers  being  leaky.  She  left  Lagos,  December  11th  ;  Accra,  14th  ;  Cape  Coast,  15th  ;  Liberia,  20th  ;  Sierra  Leone,  25th,;  Bithurst,  29th  ;  Goree,  30th  ;  Teneriffe,  January  6th';  and  Madeira,  11th.  She  brings  about  4,000  oz.  gold  dust,  palm  oil,  &amp;c.  The  weather  experienced  by  the  Ethiope  between  Goree  and  Madeira  was  very  severe.  She  is  the  first  vessel  which  has  embarked  gold  dust  at  Sierra  Leone,  where  she  reports  freights  are  advancing  through  the  policy  of  the  new  government.  The  Candace,  African  mail  steamer,  has  arrived  at  Plymouth.  She  will  embark  cargo  and  mails  and  leave  on  Thursday  next.  The  cargo  of  the  Ethiope  consists  of  palm  oil,  bees'  wax,  arrowroot,  ivory,  &amp;c.,  and  she  has  about  4.000  ozs.  of  c,rold-  dust.  Among  tha  passengers  are,  from  Lagos.  Lieutenant  the  Hon.  J.  Lascelles,  on  promotion,  and.  Lieutenant  H.  T.  Boger,  invalided  ;  from  Bathurst,  Com Commissary  missary Commissary  J.  M.  Lindsey;  from  Goree.  Captain  Cote  and  Paymaster  J.  H.  Harry,  of  Her  Majesty's  ship  Myrmidon.  Trade  is  improving  at  Millicourie,  where  there  is  a  great  influx  of  hides  and  ivory,  but  the  high  price  of  tobacco  bus  restricted  the  exchange.  The  differences  with  the  chiefs  of  Sherbro  have  been  settled,  and  the  Governor  of  Sierra  Leone  has  issued  a  notice  to  that  effect,  dated  Dec.  12.  The  trade  at  the  Cameroons  is  entirely  stopped,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  a  dispute  between  the  natives  in  the  interior.  The  screw  steam  gun-vessel  Teazer,  3,  Commander  Walter  Grubbe,  which  returned  'to  Sierra  Leone  on  the  12th  of  December,  from  a  cruise  between  Cape  Mount  and  the  Sherbro,  reports  that  a  serious  disturbance  had  occurred  at  Sinew,  arising  from  a  canoe  having  been  taken  from  the  British  barque  Ariel  by  one  of  the  people  there,  and  the  supercargo,  Mr.  Harriett,  applying  to  the  autho authorities  rities authorities  for  its  restoration,  the  sheriff  sent  to  demand  it,  when  one  of  the  native  huts  was  set  on  fire,  and  in  the  affray  which  took  place  one  of  the  sheriff's  men  was  killed.  Several  of  the  surrounding  towns  were  destroyed,  and  one  with  upwards  of  100  houses  entirely  burnt,  with  the  exception  of  a  mission-house.  President  Roberts,  with  the  British  Consul,  Mr.  Newn Newnham,  ham, Newnham,  left  - STYLE=superscript  Monrovia  on  the  26th  ult.,  and  arrived  at  Sinow  on  the  27th,  when  they  went  on  shore  and  found  that  several  of  the  Liberia  people  had  been  murdered.  The  President  and  Consul  returned  the  following  day  to  Monrovia,  with  several  European  ladies,  in  the  Teazar  :  and  a  voluntary  corps  was  being  raised  to  be  dispatched  immediately  to  Sinow  by  the  American  schooner  George.  An  attack  was  expected  at  Cape  Mount.  The  paddlewheel  steam-vessel  Myrmidon,  3,  Comman Commander  der Commander  Edward  E.  Maunsell,  from  Sierra  Leone,  arrived  at  the  Rio  Pongas  early  in  December,  with  the  Rev.  Mr.  Leacock,  Commander  Buck,  and  other  officers,  Captain  Fletcher,  3rd  West  India  Regiment,  &amp;c.,  and,  having  an anchored  chored anchored  outside  the  bar,  sent  the  deputation  in  boats  up  to  Tintania,  where  they  were  received  by  Kennebac  Ali,  the  Chief.  The  next  day  they  were  introduced  to  King  Catty,  and  a  number  of  Mandingo  chief.  After  a  palaver  it  was  agreed  that  Mr.  Leacock  should  reside  among  them,  the  King  promising  to  send  his  children  to  be  educated,  and  Kennebac  Ali  having  given  his  residence  until  a  suitable  house  was  built  for  the  missionary.  From  the  Gambia  our  intelligence  is  satisfactory.  Her  Majesty's  ship  Penelope,  16,  Sir  Wm.  Wiseman,  Bart.,  arrived  at  Bathurst  on  the  Ist  of  Dec.,  and  left  for  Sierra  Leone,  Ascension,  and  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope  on  the  11th.  Major  Harry  St.:George  Ord,  of  the  Royal  Engineers,  Commissioner  to  the  Gold  Coast,  went  out  in  the  Penelope.  the  hearer  of  despatches  from  Lord  Panmure,  ordered  by  the  Home  Government  on  special  service,  to  advise  with  the  Governor  of  the  Gambia  respecting  the  military  defence  of  that  colony.  _  _  The  Governor  and  Major  Ord  inspected  the  whole  of  the  boundary  line  of  the  ceded  territory,  and  Major  Ord  having  handed  in  his  report  on  the  11th,  they  finally  decided  on  works  necessary  for  the  defence  of  Her  Majesty's  settlements  in  the  Gambia.  Governor  O'Connor  held  a  full  and  important  palaver  with  Demba  Sunka,  King  of  Barra,  on  the  7th  of  December.  Sir  William  Wiseman,  his  officers,  the  brass  band,  and  100  picked  Marines  and  sailors  formed  the  guard  of  honour.  The  King  of  Barra,  his  Alcadis  and  chiefs,  attended  with  eighty  Sur Surruwoolie  ruwoolie Surruwoolie  cavalry,  under  their  leader,  Ansummama  Taji,  and  1,600  infantry,  the  largest  force  ever  present  at  any  palaver  in  Western  Africa.  His  Majesty  was  greatly  pleased  with  the  appearance  of  the  sailors  and  marines,  but  the  brass  band  engrossed  his  principal  attention.  He  expressed  to  his  the  Governor,  how  much  he  felt  gratified  by  the  great  respect  paid  to  him,  and  that  all  his  troops  and  the  Sqrruwoolies'  were  ready  to  march  against  any  enemy  of  his  The  palaver  lasted  several  hours,  terminating  without  an  accident,  and  in  the  most  satisfactory  manner.  Governor  O'Connor's  medical  attendants  have  decided  that  he  must  return  to  Europe  in  the  spring,  as  his  health  has  become  so  much  impaired  from  long  tropical  service.  The  Emperor  Napoleon  has  created  Commander  Duerest  de  Villeneuve  an  officer,  and  Lieutenants  de  Romeau,  Fillan,  and  Morell,  chevaliers  of  the  Imperial  Order  of  the  Legion  of  Honour,  for  distinguished  service  in  the  field,  and  at  the  storming  and  capture  of  Sabbagee  on  the  4th  of  August.  The  wounded  soldiers,  seven,  received  medals.  THE  MURDER  IN  BEDFORD-ROW,  Yesterday  morning,  Mr.  Wakley,  the  coroner,  resumed,  at  the  Workhouse,  Little  Gray's-inn-lane,  the  adjourned  inquest  on  the  body  of  Mr.  Waugh,  the  solicitor,  who  was  assassinated  in  Bedford-row  on  Wednesday  last,  the  previous  details  of  which  have  already  appeared  in  the  NORTHERN  TIMES.  It  will  be  recollected  that  the  adjournment  took  place  on  Friday  last,  immediately  after  the  close  of  the  medical  evidence  proving:the  cause  of  the  death,  in  order  to  have  the  prisoner  present  before  the  coroner's  jury  for  the  purpose  of  identification,  as  the  Coroner  stated  that,  without  such  appearance,  he  con considered  sidered considered  the  inquiry  would  be  only  a  mockery  ;  and  he  had  written  on  the  preVieus  day  to  the  Secretary  of  State  upon  the  point,  but  had  received  no  answer  to  the  application.  Mr.  Wakley  said,  that  he  had  had  a  communication  with  the  Secretary  of  State  since  the  last  sitting,  which  resulted  in  a  personal  interview  ;  and  the  arrangement  was  that  the  Secretary  of  State  had  not  the  slightest  objection  to  order  the  production  of  the  prisoner  before  the  coroner's  jury,  but  there  was  some  legal  difficulty  at  present  in  the  way,  and  he  regretted  that  he  should  have  to  adjourn  the  inquest  again  until  :Wednesday  morning  next  at  ten  o'clock,  when  the  person  mentioned  by  the  .witnesses  as  having  fired  the  shot  at  Mr.  Waugh  would  be  present  from  the  House  of  Detention.  The  authorities  had  told  him  (the  coroner)  that  it  was  their  desire  to  aid  public  justice  in  every  possible  way.  Mr.  Lewis,  solicitor,  of  Ely-place,  said  that  he  appeared  for  the  unfortunate  man  accused  of  this  • STYLE=superscript  offence,  and  he  wished  to  state  for  public  information  that  there  was  not  the  slightest  cause  for  complaint  on  the  part  of  his  family,  respecting  the  deceased  gentleman  ;  but  the  accused,  Westron,  was  a  confirmed  maniac,  and  that  was  well  known,  both  by  his  own  friends,  and  those  who  were  acquarnted  with  him.  The  Coroner  told  Mr.  Lewis  that  the  statement  must  be  reserved  for  the  next  sitting,  as  the  proceedings  were  now  adjourned  until STYLE=superscript  Wednesday  morning.  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  A  SECOND  ALICE  On  the  29th  December  last  (says  the  Bristol  Mercury)  a  robbery  was  committed  at  Lambessow  Farm,  near  Truro,  Cornwall,  occupied  by  a  person  named  Thomas  Williams.  During  the  morning  a  servant  girl,  named  Jane  Allen,  had  placed  four  petticoats,  81  yards  of  calico,  a  chemise,  and  a  piece  of  Irish  linnen  to  dry  on  a  hedge  adjoining  the  farm  yard.  She  occasionally  went  out  to  look  after  the  articles,  and  between  eleven  and  twelve  o'clock  she  informed  her  mistress,  that  on  going  to  the  hedge  to  look  after  them,  she  found  that  they  were  stolen,  and  she  also  stated  that  she  ha  l  seen  a  man  looking  over  the  hedge  into  the  field  where  they  were  drying.  Mr.  Williams  and  the  servants  immediately  proceeded  in  different  directions,  and  on  meeting  a  person  called  Edward  Williams  Drew,  the  son  of  Mr.  Drew,  innkeeper,  of  St.  Clement  Church  Town,  he  informed  them  that  he  had  seen  a  man  jump  over  the  hedge  with  a  bag  on  his  hack.  Info7mation  was  given  to  Mr.  Nash,  superinten superintendent  dent superintendent  of  police,  Truro,  with  a  description  of  the  man,  when  William  Conk,  a  collector  of  marine  stores,  was  appre apprehended,  hended, apprehended,  that  same  night,  about  twelve  o'clock,  at  a  com common  mon common  lodging  house,  and  immediately  identified  by  Drew.  On  the  following  morning  police-constable  Prater,  in  company  with  Mr.  Williams  and  several  other  persons,  found  that  the  accused's  shoes  corresponded  with  foot footmarks  marks footmarks  near  where  the  clothes  were  placed  to  dry.  On  being  taken  before  Dr.  Carlyon,  county  magistrate,  ho  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  last  quarter  sessions,  when  he  was  found  guilty  and  sentenced  to  six  months'  hard  labour.  On  Friday  last,  the  11th  inst..  the  same  servant,  Jane  Allen,  again  placed  a  number  of  articles,  consisting  of  three  bed-sheets,  two  chemises,  three STYLE=superscript  pairs  of  drawers,  three  caps,  three  collars,  and  a  habit  shirt,  on  the  hedge  to  dry,  and  about  mid  day  she  informed  her  mis mistress  tress mistress  that  the  articles  which  she  had  placed  on  the  hedge  were  stolen.  Mr.  Williams,  his  son,  and  several  of  the  farm  servants  scoured  the  neighbourhood,  but  could  find  no  one  who  was  likely  to  have  committed  the  theft.  Subse Subsequent  quent Subsequent  inquiries  caused  suspicion  to  fall  on  Jane  Allen  her herself,  self, herself,  and  at  last  some  of  the  calico  stolen  on  the  29th  ult.  was  traced  to  the  possession  of  a  young  woman  named  Amelia  Williams,  who  proved  that  Allen  had  brought  it  to  her  to  make  into  chemises.  Superintendent  Nash,  of  the  Truro  police,  then  took  Allen  into  custody,  and  charged  her  with  the  theft.  In  the  course  of  the  evening  she  stated  that  those  were  the  articles  ;which  Cook  had  been  convicted  of  stealinc,  and  that  she  had  taken  them  herself.  On  being  asked  what  had  become  of  the  articles  s'ae  had  taken  the  day  before,  she  said  they  were  buried  near  the  quarry.  11Ir.  Nash  on  going,  in  company  with  Police-constable  Woolcock,  one  of  the  detectives,  to  a  cartshed  near  the  quarry,  found  underneath  a  quantity  of  loose  straw,  the  property  stolen  the  previous  day;  and  about  eleven  o'clock  the  same  night  they  found,  on  a  wall  adjoining  the  field,  four  petticoats  and  a  chemise,  which  were  hid  behind  the  ivy  which  had  overgrown  the  wall_  those  articles  were  the  remainder  of  the  property  stolen  on  the  29th  ult.  The  prisoner  was  taken  before  Dr.  Carlyon,  who  committed  her  to  take  her  trial  at  the  next  assizes.  Dr.  Carlyon  has  taken  the  necessary  steps  for  the  remission  of  Cook's  sentence.  Great  praise  is  due  to  the  superintendent  for  the  very  able  Inanglez  in  which  h  e  traced  the  rel?Per7  t  9  the  re4l  9gelacler,;"
