text
"THE  COURT.  (FROM  THE  COURT  CIRCULAR),  BALMORAL,  Sept  26.—Her  Majesty  and  his  Royal  Highness  Prince  Albert  attended  divine  service  yesterday,  in  the  parish  church  of  Crathie.  The  service  was  performed  by  the  Rev.  Dr.  Lee  of  Gray Grayfriars',  friars', Grayfriars',  Edinburgh.  Her  Majesty  and  his  Royal  Highness  dined  at  Abergeldie  in  the  evening  with  her  Royal  Highness  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  Sept  27.—The  woods  of  Balmoral  were  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  driven  for  deer.  The  shooting  party  con consisted  sisted consisted  of  his  Royal  Highness  the  Prince,  Count  Alexander  Mensdorff,  and  Lieut.  Colonel  the  Hon,  A.  Gordon.  Tier  Majesty  the  Queen,  the  Prince  of  Wales,  and  Prince  Alfred,  were  present  during  the  drive.  Viseout  Palmerston  arrived  in  town  on  Wednes Wednesday  day Wednesday  night  from  Carlisle.  THE  APPROACHING  MIINICIPAE  ELECTIONB.—The  tocsin  of  preparation  for  the  struggle  at  the  approaching  November  municipal  elections  has  just  been  sounded,  The  reformers  of  Pitt-street  Ward  are  cautioned  by  the  Ward  Secretary  against  pledging  themselves  )  as  a  tried  reformer  is  to  be  brought  out  as  a  candidate  for  the  Ward,  LOSS  OF  THE  EARL  OF  CHARLEMONT.-Our  ship shipping  ping shipping  intelligence  to-day  announces  the  loss  of  this  fine  vessel  off  Port  Philip  heads.  The  Earl  of  Charlemont  was  owned  by  Messrs.  Livingston  and  M'Gee,  of  this  town.  It  will  be  recollected  she  sailed  from  this  port  on  the  same  day  as  the  Marco  Polo,  and  kept  tip  to  that  famous  clipper  ship  fora  very  considerable  portion  of  the  voyage.  LOSS  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES  Our  Glasgow  correspondent  says,  accounts  have  reached  that  that  nits_  from  Cla,fra-r.  -e  which  foundered  at  sea  on  the  10th  iust.  uv STYLE=superscript  The  - STYLE=superscript  master  crew,  whose  suffering  had  been  great,  were  picked  up  by  the  Marshfield,  Captain  Torvy,  bound  for  London.  The  Souther  ner  sailed  from  Glasgow  for  New  York  on  the  17th  August.  The  ship  and  cargo  belonged  to  New  York  and  were  incurred.  ACClDENTS.  — STYLE=superscript  Yesterday,  James  Rogers,  labourer,  received  a  very  severe  injury  of  the  knee,  by  the  accidental  falling  of  a  hundred-weight  upon  him  whilst  working  in  the  Brunswick  Dock.  On  Wednesday,  William  Anderson  fell  down  the  street  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Southern  Hos Hospital,  pital, Hospital,  and  broke  his  arm.  Jacob  Dallinar,  a  Swede,  whilst  discharging  a  quantity  of  rock  salt  from  the  Peter  in  the  Queen's  Dock,  a  l  arge  port  i  on  o  f  the  article  fell  on  his  hand,  crushing  it  very  keverely.  ATTEMPT  AT  BURGLARY  AT  THE  RESIDENCE  OF  MR.  ALEXANDER  HENRY,  Ex  M.P.—Yesterday  morning  about  3  oVock,  as  officer  477,  of  the  county  constabulary,  was  perambulating  his  beat  at  Crumpsall,  near  Manchester,  he  noticed  two  men  of  a  suspicious  character,  standing  at  the  door  of  the  residence  of  Mr.  Alexander  Henry,  (late  M.P.,  for  South  Lancashire),  at  Crumpsall.  The  officer  on  duty  on  the  beat  in  which  Mr.  Henry's  mansion  is  situated,  is  in  the  habit  of  walking  round  the  house  and  grounds,  and  it  was  while  so  doing,  in  the  usual  course  of  duty,  he  perceived  two  men  evidently  doing  something  at  the  door.  He  imme immediately  diately immediately  rushed  forward,  and  secured  one  of  the  men,  named  David  Morris,  the  other  taking  to  his  heels,  and  thus  effect effecting  ing effecting  his  escape.  Morris  endeavoured  to  get  away  as  well  as  his  associate,  but  in  this  he  was  unsuccessful,  - STYLE=superscript  though  there  was  a  severe  struggle  between  him  and  the  policeman,  which  lasted  about  half  an  hour.  Eventually  the  officer  succeeded  in  getting  his  assailant  upon  the  ground,  when  he  speedily  affixed  to  him  the  unwelcome  By  this  means  he  was  enabled  to  remove  his  ugly  customer  to  the  lodge,  where  he  was  tcmporily  confined.  The  officer  then  returned  to  the  mansion,  and  upon  examination  found  that  a  square  of  glass  had  been  pushed  open,  and  a  piece  of  the  pannelling  1.  ueen  wrencneu  irons  it.  The  missing  piece  of  panneling  and  a  chisel  were  found  on  the  grass  plot  within  a  short  distance  of  the  window.  The  lodge-keeper  corroborated  the  evidence,  and  Mr.  Henry's  gardener  stated  th  a  t  a  num  b  er  of  plants  in  the  con  serva  t  or  y  had  been  destroyed,  and  that  an  ,  •  .  •  .  -1_  1  1  unixtutee  naa  oeen  ettectea  into  it  by  breaking  a  portion  of  the  glass,  with  which  it  is  covered.  The  plants  were  all  properly  arranged,  and  in  order  on  the  previous  evening,  but  at  six  o'clock  on  Thursday  morning,  he  found  that  they  were  injured.  The  prisoner  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  next  assizes.  ADJOURNED  ANNUAL  LICENSING  MEETlNG.—Yes MEETlNG.—Yesterday,  terday, MEETlNG.—Yesterday,  the  adjourned  annual  licensing  meeting  of  magistrates  was  held  at  the  City  C  our  t,  M  anc  h  ester  ;  present,  °Messrs.  Price,  Shuttleworth,  Chappell,  Kennedy,  and  Richards.  Mr.  Higson,  clerk  to  the  justices,  stated  that  the  only  matt6rs  left  for  the  consideration  of  the  magistrates  at  the  meeting,  were  of  the  justices  upon  the  cases  in  question.  It  was  to  the  following  effect  :—With  respect  to  the  three  licenses  sus suspended  pended suspended  for  disorderly  conduct,  the  court  has  decided  to  re renew  new renew  the  licence  of  the  Comet  Inn,  Lower  King-street,  and  of  the  White  Hart,  Portland-  s  t  ree  t  ;  the  occupants,  Thomas  Waring  and  John  Higgins,  having  engaged  to  conduct  th  e  i  r  houses  better  in  future.  But  the  court  refused  to  renew  the  licence  of  the  Rose  and  Crown,  occupied  by  George  Calcraft.  ART  IN  THE  NEW  AND  OLD  WORLD.—We  are  en enabled  abled enabled  by  the  kindness  of  a  friend  in  Paris,  to  make  an  an announcement  nouncement announcement  which  will  be  received  with  pleasure  by  the  friends  of  art,  particularly  those  in  the  United  States.  Upon  the  suggestion  of  one  of  the  most  distinguished  public  men  of  France,  a  society  is  now  in  formation  to  be  called  the  Societe  des  Deux  Mondes  pour  l'encouragement  des  beaux  the  object  of  which  is  to  create  four  great  exhibitions—one  each  in  the  cities  of  New  York,  Paris,  Vienna,  and  St.  Petersburgh  ;  with  the  view  of  effecting  the  the  double  purpose  of  securing  to  art  purchasers  every  possible  gurantee  of  good  faith,  and  to  artists  a  noble  career  of  emulation,  by  combining  in  these  saloons  the  best  pictures  and  the  best  statuary  in  France,  Germany,  Italy,  and  England,  with,  the  best  products  of  rising  American  genius.  The  artists  of  all  nations  are  to  be  eligible,  the  view  being  to  establish  universal  schools  which  shall  mark  the  progress  of  art  in  the  two  hemispheres.  The  idea  we  are  told,  origi originated  nated originated  in  New  York  THE  DYER'S  STRIKE.—Last  night  at  8  o'clock,  a  public  meeting  was  held  in  the  Corn  Exchange,  Hanging  Ditch,  Manchester,  on  the  subject  of  the  Dyer's  srtike.  The  meeting  which  was  similar  to  several  that  have  recently  been  held,  was  addressed  by  Mr.  John  Teer,  Secretary  to  the  Dyers,  and  others,  who  advocated  the  claims  of  the  operatives  to  have  the  advance  they  contended  for,  namely,  sixpence  per  day  upon  their  former  wages.  THE  CHOLERA.—Up  to  the  time  of  the  dispatch  of  our  correspondent's  parcel  last  night,  no  case  of  cholera  had  been  reported  to  the  authorities,  either  in  Manchester  or  Salford.  The  body  of  Mr.  James  Chapman,  of  the  Sefton  Arms,  London-road,  who  fell  overboard  and  was  drowned,  as  he  was  crossing  from  Eastham,  in  the  ferry  steamer,  at  six  o'clock  on  Sunday,  the  18th  instant,  now  lies  in  the  dead-house.  It  was  discovered  by  the  master  of  the  flat  George  the  Fourth,  off  the  Potteries.  The  outlines  of  the  face  arc  completely  eaten  away,  and  . STYLE=superscript  the  body  was  only  identified  by  the  deceased's  whiskers  and  watch.  It  appears  that  the  unfortunate  gentleman,  at  the  moment  of  the  fatal  occurrence,  was  sitting  forward  in  the  boat,  with  his  leg  over  the  side,  and  having  lost  his  balance,  was  precipitated  into  the  water.  On  falling,  it  is  supposed  that  he  was  struck  by  the  paddle,  as  there  is  a  deep  mark  or  wound  on  the  temple.  The  body  will  not  be  removed  until  the  inquest,  which  will  take  place  to-day,  has  been  held  on  it.  The  very  fine  and  commodious  public  room  recently  erected  in  Hackins  Bey,  was  yesterday  inaugurated  by  Mr.  Branch,  who  offered  for  sale  there  a  large  quantity  of  choice  wines.  IMPORTANT  TO  OVERSEERS-  —Yesterday,  at  the  New  Bailey,  Manchester,  a  case  of  considerable  importance  to  overseers  come  on  for  hearing,  before  Mr.  Trafford  and  some  other  magistrates.  The  complainant  was  Thomas  Hales  (who  was  represented  by  Mr.  R.  B.  B.  Cobbett,  soli solicitor,  citor, solicitor,  Manchester),  and  the  defendant  was  John  Ganthorpe,  Overseer  for  the  township  of  Rosholme,  for  whom  Mr.  Wood,  solicitor,  Manchester,  appeared.  In  opening  the  case,  Mr.  Cobbett  stated  that  his  client  applied  to  the  defendant,  who  is  overseer  for  Rusholme,  to  sign  a  certain  certificate  for  him,  in  order  that  he  might  be  enabled  to  continue  to  keep  a  beer-house  in  the  township.  The  overseer  signed  one  part  of  the  certificate,  that  relating  to  his  being  a  resident  occupier  in  the  township,  but  refused  to  sign  a  certificate,  to  the  effect  that  the  complainant  was  a  rate-payer  in  the  township.  For  some  reason  or  other  the  officer  was  under  the  impression  that  he  was  not  bound  to  sign  that  certificate.  Mr.  Wood,  for  the  defendant,  admitted  that  under  the  old  act  of  1840  it  was  necessary  for  the  overseer  to  sign  the  certificate  in  question  ;  but  it  was  not  necessary  to  do  so  now  under  the  3d  and  4th  Victoria,  which  repealed  the  previous  act.  Mr.  Trafford  said  the  overseer  had  made  a  mistake.  _  _  Mr.  Wood  then  referred  to  a  decision  of  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench  on  the  question.  Mr.  Trafford  said  the  overseer  had  signed  a  certificate  to  the  effect  that  the  com complainant  plainant complainant  was  a  resident  occupant,  which  he  was  not  bound  to  do,  but  had  refused  to  sign  a  certificate  that  the  com complainant  plainant complainant  was  a  rate-payer,  which  he  was  bound  to  do.  Th  e  decision  of  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench,  to  which  Mr.  Wood  had  referred,  bore  upon  a  case  in  which  an  overseer  of,  if  he  mistook  not,  Marylebone  refused  to  sign  a  certificate  that  a  cer certain  tain certain  person  was  the  real  owner  or  occupier  of  certain  premises.  The  judges  decided  that  the  overseer  could  not,  of  his  own  knowledge,.  know  that  he  was  the  real  owner  or  occupier,  and,  therefore,  that  lie  was  not  bound  to  grant  the  certificate  .  -  ---  asked  for.  But  the  overseer  was  bound  to  give  a  certificate  as  to  the  rating,  which  came  within  his  own  knowledge.  As  he  presumed  the  object  of  the  present  complaint  was  not  a  penalty,  he  should  recommend  the  parties  to  the  case  to  come  to:  an  amicable  arrangement  'this  was  accordingly  done;  the  overseer  being  required  to  furnish  the  required  certificate,  but  no  fine  being  imposed."
