text
"LATEST  THE  PEACE  NEGOC/ATIONS.  l  ie  r  b  e  A  despatch,  dated  Vi  enna  ,  th  e  I,3th  instant,  ived,  and  Prince  Gortschakoff  that  the,  entire  Aust  r  i  a  n  Bu  t  o  t  i,  h  theßussian  aving  co  r  n  e  s  p  i  y  had  ' STYLE=superscript  dt  i STYLE=superscript  ,  .  r STYLE=superscript  informed  legation  at  St.  Petersb  urg,  Would  quit  that  capital  a STYLE=superscript  th  ri STYLE=superscript  a  n STYLE=superscript  t  C  n STYLE=superscript  ocuenst  t  ha  on  the  18th  of  the  present  month.  THE  FRENCH  FUNDS  PARIS,  MONDAY  EVENING.  The  transactions  on  the  Bourse  to-day  closed  at  the  following  prices  :—Four-and-a  Half  per  Cents,  91f.  ;  Three  per  Cents,  62f.  65c.  --- STYLE=superscript  0.  - STYLE=superscript  -...-  THE  ARMY  IN  THE  CRIMEA  Advices  from  the  camp  before  Sebastopol,  dated  1,  state  that  the  weather  continues  frosty,  hut  not  as  it  was.  The  writer  says:—There  can  hardly  b  perfect  example  of  a  sinecure  than  the  office  of  a  new.  correspondent  in  the  camp  before  Sebastopol  at  present  time.  There  seems  little  chance  of  the  sians  meddling  with  us  at  present.  WO  the  g,,  in  its  present  state,  it  would  be  difficult  to  artillery.  The  men  are  well  clothed,  well  f  the  quarters  are  as  good  as  circumstances  will  permit,  tl tlappeared  appeared tlappeared  contented,  and  have  every  reason  to  he  It  expected  that  the  docks  we  have  mined  will  -be  blown  this  week,  but  no  day  is  yet  positively  fixed.  MILITARY  DESPATCHES  FROM  THI  CRIMEA.  A  supplement  to  the  London  Gazetts  of  Friday.,  (  two  despatches,  with  enclosures,  addressed  to  Lord  p,  by  General  Sir  W.  J.  Codrington.  The  first  consist  s  o  f  a  letter  from  his  Highness  Omer  Paeha,  in  ecknowlEdgment  of  a  despatch  announcing  the  gracious  intention  of  Her  Majesty  to  bestow  the  Crimean  medal  upon  the  Ottoman  troops.  The  second  is  Dr.  Hail's  weekly  report,  dated  31st  December,  1855,  which  shows  a  Terry  satisfactory  sate  of  the  general  health  of  the  army,  More  than  half  the  deaths  during  the  week  have  taken  place  in  the  Land  Transport  Corps  alone.  They  are  as  well  :fed  and  clothed  as  the  soldiers,  but  uear'y  one-half  of  the  force  is  .  composed  of  natives,  not  of  the  Crimea,  but  of  Asia  Minor  and  other  places,  and  they  bear  the  winter  ill.  The  numbar  of  deaths  during  the  week  were  forty,  ani  of  during  the  previous,  week  thirty-six.  nmure,  THE  PEACE  PROPOSITIONS.  THE  RUSSIAN  REPLY.  7We  learn  from  Paris,  in  addition  to  the  intelligence  sup supplied  plied supplied  by  our  own  correspondent,  that  the  Russian  reply  to  the  Austrian  propositions  is  couched  in  terms  extremely  mild  and  conciliatory,  but  that  Austria  was  not  satisfied.  The  runture  of  relations  between  Austria  and  Russia  is  regarded  as  a  fact.  From  Vienna,  under  yesterday's  date,  we  learn  that  the  Emperor  of  Austria  displays  great  firmness,  and  insists  on  the  unconditional  acceptance  of  the  proposition  of  which  Count  Valentine  Esterhazy  was  the  bearer.,  The  Vienna  correspondent  of  the  Constitutionne/  com complains  plains complains  of  the  want  of  energy  shown  by  the  Ministers  of  Saxony  and  Bavaria  at  St.  Peter  sburg,  who  might  be  re regarded  garded regarded  as  representing  the  minor  of  the  German  Con Confederation.  federation. Confederation.  Had  Germany  combined  frankly  with  Austria  to  enforce  those  terms  as  an  ultimatum,  with without  out without  modification  and  withont  discussion  —as  they  have  now  been  presented  by  the  Envoy  of  that  Power  to  ther  Court  of  St.  Petersburg—they  would  have  rendered/  Alexander  IL  an  immense  service,  by  enabling  him  to  place  himself  in  the  right  point  of  view  before  his  Owl  subjects,  as  only  yielding  to  an  irresistible-  Europeans  combination  of  force  and  opinion.  Had  the  minor  Gemmel  States  —to  say  nothing  of  Prussia  concurred  to  exhibit  that  combination,  the  war  might  have  been  brought  to  $  speedy  close  ;  but  as  matters  now  stand,  nothing  will  be  left  but  foriAustria  to  withdraw  her  ambassador,  and  act  with  the  Western  Powers  in  pursuance  of  the  policy  she  has  finally  espoused,  and  peremptorily  placed  before  the  moffoernrecnottmattevriepurnozposaintyionms  ocraennthotanbeat  epnaterristaoi  Court  of  St.  Petersb  urg  .  The  attempt  of  that  court  to  r  ne STYLE=superscript  L  d STYLE=superscript  on  f STYLE=superscript  d  o STYLE=superscript  o  r STYLE=superscript  n:.  and  unless  in  the  improbable  event  of  Russia  changing  mind,  and  accepting,  at  the  eleventh  hour,  the  terms  , STYLE=superscript  which  have  bean  laid  before  her,  there  is  no  prospect  but  the  renewal  of  hostilities  with  redoubled  energy,  as  soont  as  the  season  permits.  CHURCH  OF  ENGLAND  SCULPTURE  READEDA  A''  .  .  4ocL,  g  ir STYLE=superscript  ml  Sorip  nhcee'platform  we'.'e  the  R  ev  .  Dr.  M'\  lie,  R'v R'vilnussaolemiaetineotingwausf  ilnussaolemiaetineotingwausf R'vilnussaolemiaetineotingwausf  i  t  ie  h  l  e  a  C  i  o  n  u  t  r  h  c  e  h  c  o  o  l'  l  El  ie  n  .  giate  I  a  a STYLE=superscript  t  ken  by  the  Lo  r  d  W  .shop  of  Chester.  Among  tcaa  — STYLE=superscript  lt  hht  e  foa  T STYLE=superscript  u  a  shi  i  d  e  i STYLE=superscript  rl  i STYLE=superscript  a  e  e STYLE=superscript  alt  r  lwft  s  p  a STYLE=superscript  -taeosn:  tl  ' STYLE=superscript  p  n STYLE=superscript  ast  six  doe'cslpoictke,olleasstevneriget  There  was  rather  Id  of  the  n  i  g  h  t.  Tito  Dr.  Hume,  Rey.  W.  Pollock,  Rev.  Messrs,  T.  e.  C,wai  I.  W.  Bardsley,  J.  J.  Batten,  W.  T  atten,  F.  Pain,  C.  W.  Lawc:,neo  Taylor,  J.  ilaq,  G.  Read,  Moeran,  Leslie,  Av  ;,ter,,on  Wooller,  Gilmour,  H  unt,  Dandy,  Wolseley,  Conor,  M'l  Powell,  Williams,  Moore,  Holmes,  Power,  Ellison,  Harper,  H.  Carpenter,  Messrs.  Greg,son,  Adam  Frodgson,  Christi-  ~o STYLE=superscript  r  Bushell,  Webszer,  Halhead,  Rounthwaite,  &amp;c.  Th  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Cowan  read  the  annual  report.  It  g.  acknowledged  the  large  amount  of  support  which  th  was  receiving  from  the  public,  but  stated  that  on  th  acomint  there  was  a  deficiency  of  £125,  th  e  inc  while  the  expenditure  amounted  to  £2,339.  Th  r  l  e  B  3a  s:  ei  ,  ros  i  s  n  .  c  o  l  f  u  T  s  t  i  h  v  h  e  ee  n  o  s  f  uom  t  c  h;  et  yr  p  r  o  e  sc  v  ve  i  o  irse  u  i  s  t9s  y  6p,  e  3a  a  i3  r:  i6  s  ,d  b  u  :  r  ;  rn  i  g  c  p:  e  rti  ,  h  ;  il  it  ej  ,  :  air:,  ab,  five  annual  contributors,  of  largo  amounts,  for  the  :  of  particular  readers  —one  of  £lOO,  two  of  £65,  and  16,000  on  the  number  in  1854.  Of  these  visits  6,311  is  t  and  17,629  to  Rom  an  C  at  h  ol  i  cs.  An  rich  c;os  the  the  fo  r  report  reading  the  Sc  r  i  p  t  ures  i  n  Irish  has  been  establisbet  further  stated  th  a  t  several  house  aoentt  and  s  s  ick,  declared  that  since  the  visits  of  the  readers  to  the  dwellings  occupied  by  Irish  Roman  Catholics,  a  spirit  of  piety  was  growing  up  amorg  them,  and  that  they  were  daily  becoming  more  orderly  and.  cleanly.  The  report,  in  conclusion,  set  forth  that  the  income  ,  f  last  your  had  not  been  equil  to  the  expenditure,  and  that  when  it  was  known  there  were  but  31  readers  to  visit  a  population  of  200,000  people,  the  public  would  see  how  unequal  such  a  number  were  for  the  work,.  and  how  liberally  they  should  come  forward  in  aid  of  the  society.  The  report  was  adopted,  and  the  meeting  agldressed  r  at  considerable  length,  by  the  Right  Rev.  Prelate  in  the  chair,  by  the  Rev.  Dr.  M'Neile,  Rev.  W.  Pollock,  111  r.  (4regson,  and  Mr.  C.  Bushell.  A  vote  of  thanks  to  ti  0  chairman  was  passed,  and  the  proceedings  were  closed  by  the  benediction.  ratetnlly  X  2,114,  The  British  mail  steamer  Asia,  Captain  Lott,  arrived  at  thi  s  port  yesterday,  with  105  passengers,  fine  d  on  the  7  t  h  January  rescued  Capt.  Griffin  and  men  of  the  schooner  Sarah,  of  Halifax,  which  had  been  dismasted  and  was  in  a  sinking  state.  On  the  11  th  January,  at  midnight,  exchanged  ni STYLE=superscript  ght  signal  s  with  the  Africa,  and  on  the  13th  passed  the  Baltic.  The  adviees  by  the  Asia  are  to  the  Ist  inst.  from  Boston,  and  they  supply  the  President's  Message  delivered  to  the  Congress  on  the  31st  December,  notwithstanding  the  House  of  Representatives  had  not  yet  elected  a  Speaker.  The  following  appeared  in  our  third  edition  yesterday,  and  is  given  by  the  New  York  Times  as  a  summary  of  the  Message  Which  we  publish  in  our  paper  to-day  :  brThe  President,  yesterday,  took  the  country  by  surprise  anchingnd  hie  message  to  Congress  before  the  popular  of  that  body  was  prepared  to  receive  it.  The  President  assign  s  as  his  motives  for  taking  this  extraor extraordinary  dinary extraordinary  step,  his  convicti  ons  o  f  d  u  t  y  w  hi  c  h  would  not.  Permit  him  longer  to  postpone  the  obligation  enjoined  uPon  him  by  th  e  C  onstitution,  to  give  to  Congress  infor inforro  ro inforro  their  ation  of  the  s  t  ate  of  the  Union,  and  recommend  to  consideration  such  measures'as  he  shall  judge  neces necessary  sary necessary  and  expedient.  But  the  propriety  of  s  riding  a  Message  Mes  and  r  ecommending  measures  to  an  unorgan:zed  is  not  which  h  as  no  power  to  consider  or  act  upon  them,  very  obvious.  We  find  nothing  in  the  message  itself  of  sufficient  importance  to  justify  the  unusual  course'of  the  President,  in  sending  it  to  Congress  before  the  organiz  ation  of  the  Lower  House.  The  message  is  well  written,  of  the  ordinary  length,  and  with  less  of  Buncombe  in  it  than  might  have  been  expected;  and  though  it  is  broadly  and  decidedly  in  favor  of  the  South,  and  as  strongly  Pro-Slavery  as  it  ri  Could  possibly  be  mad  e  ,  i  t  is  quiet  in  expression,  and  stctly  in  accordance  with  the  antecedent  utterances  of  the  President.  In  respect  to  our  relations  with  Eegland,  the  ?resident  is  candid  and  firm  in  the  expression  of  his  °pinions,  and  the  tone  of  his  remarks  is  in  singular  con contrast  trast contrast  with  that  belligerent  temper  which  the  London  2 STYLE=superscript  'imes  has  attributed  to  him.  The  Message  is  eminently  pea6eable  as  respects  all  foreign  Powers,  and  the  only  sho  w  of  ati  opposite  feeling  is  in  that  part  of  it  which  re STYLE=superscript  lates  to  th  e  conflicting  sentiments  of  the  North  and  the  South,  which,  with  so  large  a  majority  against  him  in  Congress,  cannot  be  supposed  as  intended  to  in influence  fluence influence  the  minds  or  actions  of  its  members.  The  question  of  greatest  importance  which  demands  tne  attention  of  Congress,  is  that  which  his  risen  out  of  the  negotiation  with  Great  Britain  in  relation  to  Central  -America.  He  gives  a  narrative  of  the  negotiations  and  treatises,  from  which  it  appears  that  the  two  governments  -are  still  widely  at  variance  on  the  subject,  as  they  have  long  been,  and  the  President  states  that  it  will  afford  him  Sincere  gratification,  if  future  efforts  shall  result  in  the  the  !  uc STYLE=superscript  cess  heretof  ore  ant  i  cipated  with  more  confidence  than  aspect  of  the  ,case  now  ermits  him  to  entert  sin  Still,  he  does  'not  consider  an  amicable  solution  of  i'cntroversy  hopeless.  The  importance  of  this  Ct.  Atn,rican  question,  which  is,  in  reality,  the  prominent  feature  of  the  Message,  may  be  inferred  from  the  debates  in  the  SenNe  which  immediately  followed  the  reading  of  it,— STYLE=superscript  Messrs.,oayton,  Seward,  Cass  and  Weller,  all  con concurring  curring concurring  in  suppoting  the  President's  views,  which  are  expressed  with  great  firmness  though  moderate  in  tone.  The  Enlistment  case  nex  follows  it  is  treated  at  le  ngt  h,  and  our  rights  are  asserted  in  as  ; STYLE=superscript  decided.  a  manner  as  in  the  Central  American  question.  Repara Reparations  tions Reparations  of  the  wrong  done  in  the  infringement  of  our  laws  have  been  demanded,  but  the  subject  is  under  discussion.  The  appointment  of  a  Commissioner  is  again  recommend recommended  ed recommended  to  establish  the  boundary  line  that  divides  the  territory  of  Washington  from  the  contiguous  British  Provinces,  where,  it  seems,  there  has  been  imminent  danger  of  collisions.  On  the  subject  of  the  Danish  Sound  Dues,  the  President  still  adheres  to  his  former  opinion  —that  the  United  States  ought  not  to  submit  to  their  payment.  Our  relations  with  other  European  Powers  are  of  a  satisfactory  nature.  Mexico  and  Nicaragua  are  dispatched  in  a  few  lines.  The  reference  which  the  President  makes  to  the  condition  of  the  Public  Treasury  is  confined  to  its  revenues  and  expend  tures.  Nothing  is  said,  in  this  connection,  of  the  foreign  trade  of  the  country,  the  results  of  which.  f STYLE=superscript  or  the  fi  scal  year  1855,  have  heretofore  been  published  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIIIES,  and  are  here  recapi recapitulated:  tulated: recapitulated:  Foreign  Imports,  1855  Against  year  1854.  Decreased  Import  ..  ~.  -•-  •  •  Ex STYLE=superscript  ports,  inclu,  ing  sp  ec  i  e,  1855  Against  year  1854  ..$261,382,960  ..  305,780,235  .  664,397,293  $275,158,856  278,241,064  -  -  Decreased  Export..  The  Message  states  that  the  reven  ue  s  o  f  th  e  T  reasury  Were  565,003,930  For  year  1855  For  1856,  officl;l  'and  estimated  The  expenditures  exclusive  of  payments  on  ac  c  o  un  t  of  the  Public  D  e  b  t,  For  year  1855  ......  .  ....................  Public  Debt  paid  off...  Per  year  1855,  official  and  estimated..  ......  dol.  60.476.000  Texas  and  Mexican  claims  The  available  resources  for  the  current  „  ,  10  750,000  fiscai  year,  from  which  to  pay  the  last  two  items,  are  estim  tted  at  88,8 STYLE=superscript  56,710  &amp;A;  so  that  the  b  dance  available  to  the  Trea.-  Bury  on  30th  June  next,  will  be  15 STYLE=superscript  ,6  9 STYLE=superscript  3,863  dots,  assuming  that  the  Texas  Indemnity,  7,750,000  dol.,  and  the  51 STYLE=superscript  ''cl ''clean.  ean. ''clean.  3,0 STYLE=superscript  00,000  dol.,  to  be  paid  off  before  that  periol.  The  existing  system  of  receiving,  keeping,  and  disbursing,  the  Puhlic  revenues  is  commended  for  its  safety.  Upon  the  principle  that  all  moneys  not  required  for  the  current  expenses  of  the  Gp)vernment,  should  remain  for  active  employment  among  the  the  Presi President  dent President  recommends  an  early  revision  and  reduction  of  the  Tariff  of  Duties  on  Imports,  without  departure  from  the  principles  of  the  existing  law,  The  Condition  of  the  Army  and  Navy  is  briefly  allu  led  to,  and'the  decision  of  the  retiring  Board,  we  infer,  is  not  to  be  disturbed.  In  Kansas,  the  President  naively  re-  Marks,  there  have  been  acts  prejudicial  to  good  order,  but  as  yet  none  have  occurred  to  justify  the  interposition  of  the  Federal  Executive;  from  which  it  might  be  sup,  'Posed  his  advices  from  that  distant  territory  had  not  been  very  full  or  reliable.  Ile  then  gives  us  a  long  essay  on  the  constitutional  theory  of  the  government,  in  which  be  exhibits  a  decided  partiality  for  the  South,  and  its  ecu  li  a  r  institution,  from  which  the  slide  into  the  Ne Neraska  raska Neraska  bill  is  both  easy  and  natural,  and  his  round  and  vehement  approval  of  that  measure  ineeitable  and  a  matter  of  course.  The  possibility  of  a  dissolution  of  the  'Union  is  hinted  at,  but  the  President  has  too  much  con confidence  fidence confidence  in  the  patriotism  of  the  people  to  believe  in  such  a  thing.  The  Message  coucludes  with  an  appeal  to  the  Almighty,  with  which  our  other  Presidents  have  com commenced  menced commenced  the  Messages.  On  the  *hole,  the  Message  will  be  regarded,  we  think,  with  satisfaction,  excepting  those  parts  which  relate  to  slavery,  which  will  be  as  vehemently,  praised  at  the  S  ou  th  ,  as  they  will  b  e  d  enounce  d  b  y  a  majority  of  the  people  at  the  North.  In  the  Senate,  after  the  reading  of  the  message,  Clayton  made  some  remarks  relative  to  the  treaty  of  A,  19,  18,50,  in  order  t  o  s  h  ow  t  h  e  people  o  f  the  United  Stittthe  strength  of  the  position  assumed  by  the  American  Government,  relative  to  Central  American  aff  tirs,  and  the  Injustice  of  the  position  taken  by  Great  Britain  with  regard  to  the  construction  of  that  treaty.  He  agreed,  generally,  with  all  that  the  President  had  stated,  and  contrasted  the  pacific  character  of  his  country  with  the  aggressive  . STYLE=superscript  policy  always  pursued  by  Great  Britain.  Mr.  Seward  inquired  'whether  the  ground  taken  by  the  President  has  allowed  the  British  Government  to  take  action  regarding  the  construc-  tion  of  that  treaty,  namely  :—That  it  was  merely  prospec prospective  tive prospective  in  its  operation,  and  had  no  reference  to  the  actual  occupation  by  that  country  of  the  territory  in  question,  was  the  uaders'anding  of  the  GI  ',eminent  of  the  United  States  when  the  treaty  was  made.  Mr.  Clive!'  then  bent.;  secretary  of  state.  Ur..  Clayton  replied  that  it  was  an  entirely  new  constriction,  something  of  which  he  had  never  heard.  He  had  never  dreamed  of  such  a  construction  being  given  to  the  language  of  the  treaty.  Does  any  man  suppose  (Mr.  Clayton  said)  that  I,  in  the  possession  of  my  senses,  entered  into  a  treaty  with  1,-  .  4ain  to  allow  her  to  remain  in  possession  of  the  whole  of  this  is  `'mu',  merely  because  she  had  been  in  possession  of  it,  and  then  :''reed  a  treaty  t  o  pro  hibi  t  my  own  countrymen  from  taking  posse;slon,  leavin  g  her  to  remain  undisturbed  ?  What  motive  could  an  it  metican  Senate  have  had  in  voting  for  it  ?  Is  it  possible  that  atzy  man  can  believe,  for  a  single  moment.  suc  h  a  view  was  in  contemplation  by  the  negotia negotiations  tions negotiations  when  it  was  agreed  that  nei:ber  will  cweopy,  nize,  fortify,  or  exercise  in  Central  America  ?  Occupy  means,  first,  to  take  posseession,  and,  secondly,  to  keep  possession.  Great  Britain  agreed  to  do  neither,  also  agreeing  that  they  would  not  exercise  dominion  there.  Mr.  Cass  expressed  his  entire  concurrrence  with  what  had  fallen  from  Mr.  Clayton,  and  his  gratification  at  the  course  taken  by  the  President,  and  the  view  enunciated  in  the  message.  In  the  whole  history  of  diplomacy  tbt.  nothing  to  be  found  at  all  compara  b  le  with  the  courst  Britain  regarding  the  constructio  n  of  the  Clayton-Bulwer  treaty,  and  Central  American  affairs.  re  was  Yar  Mahom  death,  excef  not  app  advance  beyond  U  The  steamship  Star  of  th;  West,  which  left  an  Juan  on  the  26th  ult.,  had  arrived  at  New  York,  liming  over  half  a  million  of  dollar  s  on  .freight.  Including  a  first  shipment  from  the  mines  of  Nicaragua,  with  very  interesting  news  from  that  republic.  General  Walker's  government  was  more  Popular,  the  country  quiet,  and  his  troops  so  nume numerius  rius numerius  that  he  had  detached  a  tattalion  to  Honduras  to  assist  the  President,  if  necessary,  in  any  diffi diffictilties  ctilties diffictilties  which  may  arise  between  his  people  And  the  executive  of  G  - STYLE=superscript  uatemala.  Experienced  Ameri-  Can  miners  from  California  were  very  sanguine  of  obtaining  a  rich  yield  of  gold  in  Nicaragua.  a  very  short  illness  e  privy  the  R:ght  Hon.  George  Canning,  Exchequer.  Toe  Qw.;  ..  po  ,, STYLE=superscript  ed  for  the  mike  of  p  COMMFRCIAL  INTELLIGENCE.  I  supported  by  the  conservative  c  the  present  Speaker,  gained  ti  MONEY  AND  STOCKS.  Sln STYLE=superscript  ee  oar  advieets  of  24th  Dec.  the  Stock  Market  Mr.  GoulbUrn  9  votes,  and  1  Itltinelgutb.eeTlT  gllghtly'depressed, STYLE=superscript  without  any  marked  move-  Euro  e  he  pacific  aspect  of  the  recent  intelligence  from  deceased  enjoyed  the  annual  j  ear.  P_  ,  the  dullness  of  Exchange,  and  the  prospect  of  unexpected  death  a  vacancy  is  c  /  r STYLE=superscript  m STYLE=superscript  oney  after  the  * STYLE=superscript  middle  of  January,  have  restored  mons  for  Cambridge  University  Lord  Dalhousie  is  at  Calcutta  winding  up  the  affairs  of  state  before  leaving.  Lord  El  phinstone  continues  his  tour  in  Guzzerat.  Lord  Harris  is  at  Madras.  According  to  the  summary  of  the  Bombay  Times,  the  Sontal  insurrection  seems  now  over  ;  the  last  of  the  in.  surgents  in  the  field  have  been  \  surrounded,  and  Kanoo,  the  only  leader  of  note  yet  remaining  amongst  them,  has  been  captured.  We  have  since  our  last  had  no  disturbances  of  any  kind  in  any  part  of  India.  An  expedition  is  said  to  be  in  prepara preparation  tion preparation  against  the  robber  chief  Saadut  Kh  a  n,  w  h  ose  people  still  threaten  to  molest  us.  A  temporary  tran tranquillity  quillity tranquillity  reigns  in  Oude,  under  the  fear  on  both  sides  that  an  uproar  will  be  the  signal  for  coercion.  The  Rajpoot  state  of  Oodeypore,  one  of  the  oldest,  and  best  governed  in  India,  has  been'  of  late  threatened  with  civil  war,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  misunderstandings  amongst  the  chiefs  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  and  betwixt  a  porti  n  of  them  and  their  sovereign.  About  a  year  ago  the  sovereign  and  his  chiefs  agreed  at  last  to  submit  their  grievances  to  English  arbitrament.  binding  themselves  to  abide  by  our  decision,  whatever  that  might  be.  The  award  having  been  communicated  to  them,  the  Rana  submitted  with  the  most  perfect  integrity,  but  tie  chiefs  broke  their  pledge,  and  now  desire  that  the  British  government  should  alter  its  judgment.  A  bill  is  at  present  before  the  legislative  council  to  enable  Hindoo  widows  to  marry  without  sacrificing  their  rights,  and  for  '  •  heir  children,  who,  in  the  eye  of  the  English  it  considered  bastards.  n  of  December  8,  has  the  following  :  tence  from  Herat  is  horrible;  the  whole  of  d's  family,  old  and  young,  have  been  put  to  _  the  mother  of  the  two  princes  w  ho  wer  e  recently  murdered  by  the  Persian  troops.  Her  life  was  spared  with  the  view  of  extorting  from  her  the  treasure  she  was  known  to  have  possessed;  but  she  was  prepared  for  thi4,  fur  on  the  murder  of  her  two  sons  she  collected  all  her  jewels  and  burnt  them,  and  allowed  her  slaves  to  distribute  the  spoil  among  themselves.  She  is  now  red,  with  red  hot  irons  to  give  up  her  wealth.  We  do  nd  immediate  hostilities  unless  the  Persians  The  news  from  Canchhar  of  a  very  warlike  nature.  When  the  forces  of  Dost  nahomed  and  the  Candahar  chiefs  unite,  it  i  3  calculated  they  will  muster  at  ou,  70,000  men  and  about  80  guns.  COMMERCIAL  I  NTELLIGENCE  BOMBAY,  Dec.  15.—Our  money  market  for  the  fort•  night  has  been  daily  becoming  tighter,  and  the  banks  have  raised  their  rate  of  interest  1  per  cent.  Our  import  market  continues  to  exhibit  considerable  firm firmness,  ness, firmness,  with  a  steady  demand  for  mot  fabrics  up  to  the  arrival  of  the  Overland  mail.  Th  e  i  n  t  e  lli  ge  n  c  e  received  by  that  opportunity  of  improved  prices  in  the  Manchester  market  encouraging  a  hope  of  a  corresponding  improve improvement  ment improvement  with  us,  but  some  few  holders  came  forward  with  their  large  stocks  held  for  years,  at  a  high  cost,  and  press  sales  at  prices  below  the  current  ones  of  the  day.  though  there  was  no  lack  on  the  part  of  dealers  to  tike  off  a  large  amount  of  goods,  and  it  wes  pretty  correctly  ascertained  that  the  stock  in  the  baaar  is  remarkably  light,  and  that  recent  purchases  have  found  their  way  into  the  country  without  delay.  That  circumstance  of  ,  itself  is  a  satisfactory  proof  of  the  healthy  state  of  our  import  market,  notwithstanding  the  musat  unaccountable  anxiety  displayed  on  the  part  of  one  or  two  firms  to  force  sales  taking  place.  Almost  every  variety  of  produce  has  Increased  in  value.  Freights  have  slightly  advanced.  The  rate  for  citton  to  Liverpool  and  London  being  43  ss.  to  £3  10s.  per  ton,  and  for  seed  2s.  6d.  higher  to  London.  Exchange  on  England,  for  the  past  fortnight,  has  bad  an  upward  tendency.  CALCUTTA,  Dec.  13.—1  n  produce  we  have  been  very  much  at  a  stand  still,  but  the  late  advanced  prices  have  been  mostly  maintained.  The  news  of  the  October  sale  of  Indigo  is  considered  quite  as  favourable  as  could  have  been  hoped  for.  The  saltpetre  question  is  sailed  against  the  petition  to  the  council  of  the  American  merchants,  and  prices  have  declined  from  12  annas  to  a  rupee  per  maund.  We  have  no  sugars  to  speak  of  in  the  market,'  and  the  few  lots  taken  are  dear  for  Great  Britain.  Rice  is  in  active  de.nand  for  all  parts.  The  shipments  of  wheat  are  also  continued  and  at  reduced  prices.  Our  piece  -goods  operations  since  the  last  mail  have  been  to  a  fair  extent  notwithstanding  an  apparent  dulness  in  the  niarl¢et,  and  although  the  prices  of  most  articles  have  an  easier  tendency,  still,  on  the  whole,  values  have  been  tolerably  suppurted.  Grey  goods  command  most  atten attention.  tion. attention.  The  bleached  being  less  inquired  for.  Prints,  though  less  brisk,  sustain  values,  as  do  woollens,  though  it  is  late  in  the  season  for  purchases.  Twist  has  been  remarkably  quiet,  and  most  accounts  are  looking  clawn•  ward.  Metals  are  mostly  without  animation.  Copper  and  spelter  losing  ground,  All  other  sorts  hold  previous  positions.  Our  nsoney  market  continues  to  exhibit  signs  of  extreme  depression  ,  leading  to  n  o  hopeful  anticipa anticipations  tions anticipations  for  some  mouths  ta  come.  In  exchange,  90  day's  bills  have  been  sold  at  2s  4tl,  and  bank-post  bills  at  2s  id.  The  h  eav  y  demand  for  tonna  g  e  f  or  li  ce  h  as  sus sustained  tained sustained  rates  pf  freights  generally.  THE  DEATH  OF  THE  RIGHT  HON.  HENRY  GOULBURN,  M.P.  We  regret  to  announce  the  demise  of  the  Right  Hon.  Henry  Goulburn,  M.P.  for  the  University  of  Cambridge.  Tho  right  hon.  gentleman  expired  at  3  o'clock  on  Saturday  morning,  at  Lechworth  House,  near  Dorking,  Surrey,  after  He  was  born  in  1784,  so  that  he  was  in  his  72nd  year.  Mr.  Goulburn  accepted  the  post  of  Chief  lecretary  for  Ireland  'in  December,  1821,  and  was  then  He  filled  that  office  under  the  several  administrations  of  the  Earle  liiverpool,  Viscount  Goderich,  ,  and  the  Duke  of  Welling Wellingtc  tc Wellingtc  n,  when,  in  March,  1828,  the  illustrious  puke  selected  him  to  fill  the  important  office  of  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer.  On  the  formation  of  Sir  Robert  Peel's  first  ministry,  in  1834,  Mr.  Onuiburn  was  rppointed  Secretary  of  State  Co Cottle  ttle Cottle  How  Department,  which  be  held  till  the  administration  bra  ke  up  in  April  following.  When  Sir  Robert  was  again  called  npon,  in  September,  1841,  to  take  office,  that  astute  d  Mr.  Goulburn  for  his  Chancellor  of  the  I  gentleman,  in  1839,  was  pro-  House  of  Commons,  but  Ur.  Shaw  Lefevre,  'ction  , STYLE=superscript  there  )pinf;  fr)r  •  for  Mr.  Lefevre  317.  r STYLE=superscript  The  pension  of  £2OOO.  By  his  :aused  in  the  House  of  Com-  PRESIDENT'S  MESSAGE,  SENATE.  WA.SHINGTON,  Dec.  31,  1855.  Prayer  by  the  Chaplain,  Rev.  Henry  C.  Dean.  The  journal  of  yesterday  was  read  and  approved.  Mr.  Sidney  Webster,  Private  Secretary  of  the  President,  appeared,  announcing  a  message  in  writing,  which  was  read.  THE  PRESIDENT'S  MESSAGE  FELLOW  CITIZENS  OF  THE  SENATE  AND  OF  THE  I.IOTIsE  OF  REPRESENTATIVES  :  The  constitution  of  the  'United  States  provides  that  congress  shall  assemble  annually  on  the  first  Monday  of  December,  and  it  has  been  usual  for  the  President  to  make  no  communication  of  a  public  character  to  the  Senate  and  House  of  Representatives  until  advised  of  their  readiness  to  receive  it.  I  have  deferred  to  this  usage  until  the  close  of  the  first  month  of  the  session,  but  my  convictions  of  duty  will  not  perm  't  me  longer  to  post postpone  pone postpone  the  discharge  of  the  obligation  enjoined  by  the  con constitution  stitution constitution  upon  the  President  to  give  to  the  Congress  information  of  the  state  of  the  Uninn,  and  recommend  to  their  consideration  such  measures  as  he  shall  jud;e  neces-  sary  and  It  is  matter  of  congratulation  that  the  republic  is  tran tranquilly  quilly tranquilly  advancing  in  a  career  of  prosperity  and  peace.  FOREIGN  RELATIONS-CENTRAL  AM  SR  ICA  Whilst  relations  of  amity  continue  to  exist  between  the  United  States  and  all  foreign  powers,  with  some  of  them  grave  questions  are  depending,  which  may  require  the  con4ideration  of  Congress.  _  _  Of  such  questions,  the  most  important  is  that  which  has  arisen  out  of  the  nerociations  with  Great  Britain,  in  reference  to  Central  America.  By  the  convention  concluded  between  the  two  govern governments  ments governments  on  the  19th  of  April,  1850,  both  parties  covenanted  that  neither  will  ever  occupy,  or  fortify,  or  colonise,  or  assume,  or  exercise,  any  dominion  ove-,  Nicaragua,  Costa  Rica,  the  Mosquito  coast,  or  any  p'  at  of  Central  It  was  the  undoubted  understanding  of  the  United  States,  in  making  this  treaty,  that  all  the  present  States  of  the  former  republic  of  Central  America,  and  the  entire  territory  of  each,  would  thenceforth  enj  )y  complete  in inpendence  pendence inpendence  ;  and  that  bath  contracting  parties  engaced  equally,  and  to  the  same  extent,  for  the  present  and  for  the  future,  that  if  either  then  had  any  claim  of  right  in  Central  America,  such  claim,  and  all  occupation  or  authority  under  it,  were  unreservedly  relinqnished  by  the  stipulations  of  the  convention  ;  and  that  no  dominion  was  thereafter  to  be  exercised  or  assumed  in  any  part  of  Central  America,  by  Great  Britain  or  the  United  States.  This  government,  consented  to  restrictions  in  regard  to  a  region  of  country,  wherein  we  had,  specific  and  peculiar  interests,  only  upon  the  convict  ion  that  the  like  restric restrictions  tions restrictions  were  in  the  same  sense  obligatory  on  Great  Britain.  But  for  this  understanding  of  the  force  and  effect  of  the  convention,  it  would  never  have  been  concluded  by  us.  I  at  home  or  abroad,  subject  only  to  such  restrictions  in  this  '  relation  as  the  laws  of  war,  the  usage  of  nations,  or  special  treaties,  may  impose;  and  it  is  our  sovereign  right  that  our  territory  and  jurisdiction  shall  not  be  invaded  by  either  of  the  belligerent  parties,  for  the  transit  of  their  armies,  the  operations  of  their  fleets,  the  levy  of  troops  for  their  service,  the  fitting  out  of  cruisers  by  or  against  either,  or  any  other  act  or  incident  of  war.  And  these  undeniable  rights  of  neutrality,  individual  and  national,  the  United  States  wilt  under  no  circumstances  surrender.  In  pursuance  'of  •this  'policy,  the  laws  of  the  United  States  do  not  forbid  their  citizens  to  sell  to  either  of  the  belligerent  powers,  articles,  contraband  of  war,  or  to  take  munitions  of  war  or  soldiers  on  board  their  private  ships  for  transportation  ;  and  although,  in  so  doing,  the  indivi individual  dual individual  citiz-n  expsses  his  property  or  person  to  some  of  the  hazards  of  war,  his  acts  do  not  involve  any  breach  of  national  neutrality,  nor  of  themselves  implicate  the  government.  Thus,  during  the  progress  of  the  present  war  in  Europe,  our  citizens  have,  without  national  responsibility  therefor,  sold  gunpowder  and  arms  to  all  buyers,  regardlesS  of  the  destinalon  of  those  articles.  Our  merchantmen  have  been,  and  still  continue  to  be,  largely  employed  by  Great  Britain  aed  by  France,  in  transporting  troops,  provisions,  and  munitions  of  war  to  the  principal  seat  of  the  military  operations,  and  in  bringing  home  their  sick  and  wounded  soldiers;  but  such  use  of  onr  mercantile  marine  is  not  interdicted  either  by  the  international,  or  by  our  municipal  •  law  and  there therefore  fore therefore  does  not  compromit  our  neutral  relations  with  Russia.  But  our  municipal  law,  in  accordance  with  the  law  of  nitions,  peremptorily  forbids,  not  only  foreigners,  but  our  own  citizens,  to  fit  out,  within  the  limits  of  the  United  States,  a  vessel  to  commit  hostilities  against  any  State  with  which  the  United  States  are  at  peace,  or  to  increase  the  force  of  any  foreign  armed  vessel  intended  for  such  hostilities  against  a  friendly  State.  Whatever  concern  may  have  been  felt  by  either  of  belligerent  powers  lest  private  armed  cruisers  or  other  vessels,  in  the  service  of  one,  might  be  fitted  out  in  the  ports  of  this  country  to  depredate  on  the  property  of  the  other,  all  such  fears  have  proved  to  be  utterly  ground groundless.  less. groundless.  Our  citizens  have  been  withheld  from  any  such  act  or  purpose  by  good  faith,  and  by  respect  for  the  law.  While  the  laws  of  the  union  are  thus  peremptory  in  their  prohibition  of  the  equipm  Hit  or  armament  of  belligerent  cruisers  in  our  poris,  they  provide  not  less  abso'utely  that  no  person  shall,  within  the  territory  or  jurisdiction  of  the  United  States,  enlist  or  enter  him himself,  self, himself,  or  hire  or  retain  another  person  to  enlist  or  enter  himself,  or  to,go  beyond  the  limits  or  jurisdiction  of  the  United  States,  with  intent  to  be  enlisted  or  entered  in  the  service  of  any  foreign  state,  either  as  a  soldier,  or  a  marine  or  seam  in  on  board  of  any  vessel  of  war,  letter  of  marque  or  privateer.  And  these  enactments  are  also  in  strict  .onformity  with  the  law  of  nations,  which  declares  that  no  state  has  the  right  to  raise  troops  for  land  or  sea  service  in  another  state  without  its  consent,  and  that,  whether  forbidden  by  the  municipal  law  or  not,  the  very  attempt  to  do  it,  without  such  consent,  is  an  attack  on  the  national  sovereignty.  Such  being  the  public  rights  and  the  municipal  law  of  the  United  States  no  solicitude  on  the  subject  was  enter entertained  tained entertained  by  this  government,  when  a  year  since  the  British  Parliament  passed  an  act  to  provide  for  the  enlistment  of  foreigners  in  the  military  service  of  Great  Britain.  Nothing  on  the  face  of  the  act,  or  in  its  public  history,  indicated  that  the  British  government_  proposed  to  attempt  recruitment  in  the  United  States  ;  nor  did  it  ever  give  intimation  of  such  intent  ion  to  this  government.  It  was  matter  of  surprise,  therefore,  to  find,  subsequently,  that  the  engagement  of  persons  within  the  United  States  to  proceed  to  Halifax,  in  the  British  province  of  Nova  Scotia,  and  there  enlist  in  the  service  of  Great  Britain,  was  going  on  extensively,  with  little  or  no  disguise.  Ordinary  legal  steps  we,  e  :immediately  taken  to.  arrest  and  punish  parties  concerned,  and  so  put  and  end  to  acts  infringing  the  municipal  law,  and  derogatory  to  our  sovereignty.  Meanwhile,  suitable  representations  on  the  subject  were  addressed  to  the  British  government.  Thereupon  it  became  known,  by  the  admission  of  the  British  government  itself,  that  the  attempt  to  draw  recruits  from  this  country  originated  with  it,  or  at  least  had  its  approval  and  sanction  ;  but  it  also  appeared  that  the  public  agents  engaged  in  it  had  instruc instructions  tions instructions  '  not  to  violate  the  municipal  law  of  the  United  States.  from  the  Baltic.  I  have  declined  in  behalf  of  the  United  States  to  accept  this  invitation,  for  the  most  cogent  reasons.  One  is,  that  Denmark  does  not  offer  to  submit  to  the  conven convention  tion convention  the  question  of  her  right  to  levy  the  Sound  Dues.  A  second  is,  that,  if  the  con-ention  were  allowed  take  cognizance  of  that  particular  question,  still  it  would  not  be  competent  to  deal  with  the  great  international  principle  involved  which  affects  the  right  in  other  cases  of  navigation  and  commercial  freedom,  as  well  as  that  of  access  to  the  Baltic.  Above  all,  by  the  express  terms  of  the  proposition  it  is  contemplated,  that  the  consideration  of  the  Sound  Dues  shall  be  commingled  with,  and  made  subordinate  to  a  matter  nholly  extraneous,  the  balance  of  power  among  the  governments  of  Europe.  While,  however,  rejecting  this  proposition,  and  insisting  on  the  right  of  free  transit  into  and  from  the  Baltic,  I  have  expressed  to  Denmark  a  willingness,  on  the  part  of  the  United  States,  to  share  liberally  with  other  powers  in  compensating  her  for  any  advantages  which  commerce  shall  hereafter  derive  from  expenditures  made  by  her  for  the  improvement  and  safety  of  the  navigatio❑  of  the  Sound  or  Belts.  I  lay  before  you,  herewith,  sundry  documents  on  the  subject,  in  which  my  views  are  more  fully  disclosed.  Should  no  satisfactory  arrangement  be  soon  concluded  I  shall  again  call  attention  to  the  subject,  with  recommenda recommendation  tion recommendation  of  such  measures  as  may  appear  to  be  required  in  order  to  assert  and  secure  the  rights  of  the  United  States,  so  far  as  they  are  affected  by  the  pretensions  of  Denmark."
