text
"RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  PROGRESS  OF  EASTERN  AFFAIRS  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  No  later  news  from  the  Danube,  or  from  Asia.  The  Poet's  Paris  correSpondent  states  that  the  last  news  from  Russia  is  to  the  effect  that  the  Emperor  has  in  a  non-official  communication  to  the  courts  of  Berlin  and  Vienna,  stated  his  determination  not  to  agree  to  any  proposals  for  peaceful  negotiations,  unless  considerable  con-.  cessions  were  made  to  Russia.  The  Times  says,  in  a  leading  article,  that  it  can cannot  not cannot  conceal  the  fact  that  the  real  obstacles  to  any  beneficial  result  from  the  propositions  lately  submitted  to  the  Porte,  lie  with  Russia,  and  are  not  likely  to  be  removed.  The  progress  of  the  war,  the  vast  extent  of  hostilities  or  hostile  pre preparations  parations preparations  now  in  active  progress,  and  the  passions,  religious  and  national,  excited  by  the  contest,  effectually  exclude  the  idea  of  an  armistice,  and  has  rendered  negotiations  far  less  practicable  than  it  has.  been  at  any  previous  moment.  If  the  Emperor  of  Russia  had  desired  peace  he  has  had  ample  facilities  to  insure  it,  but  every  day  brings  us  fresh  evidence  that  he  has  availed  himself  of  pretexts  chiefly  to  keep  in  check  his  most  formidable  opponents,  to  carry  on  his  own  plan  of  operation,  and  to  bring  the  whole  question  in  the,  spring  to  a  more  positive  issue.  The  Austrian  Government  has  published,  in  the  official  correspondence,  prepared  at  Vienna,  under  the  eyes  of  the  minister,  a  mean  and  drivelling  article,  to  all  appearance  by  the  Russian  embassy.  The,  Cabinet  expressly  denies  that  has  assumed  a  less  friendly  or  menacing  attit  u  d  e  towards  Russia,  and  declares  that  she  has  not  in  the  least  re renounced  nounced renounced  her  friendly  sentiments  towards  her  allied  neighbour,  and  will  not  have  to  renounce  them  in  The  article  adds,  that  the  intimate  friendship  between  these  two  great  monarchs  is  the  surest  guarantee  for  the  peace  of  the  world,  and  for  the  conservative  interests  of  The  Times  fears  that  the  appearance  of  this  declaration  at  Vienna  at  such  a  moment  is  an  evident  proof  that  the  independent  portion  of  the  Austrian  Cabinet  is  unable  to  hold  its  ground,  and  that  a  degree  of  pressure  has  been  applied  which  the  enfeebled  Empire  cannot  resist.  The  ink  is  scarcely  dry  on  the  protocal  of  December  5,  when  the  cabinet  of  Austria  are  ready  to  repudiate  its  spirit,  and  to  defeat  the  influence  it  might  have  exercised  on  Russia.  With  respect  to  Russian  intrigues  in  the  north,  the  Times  learns  from  good  authority,  that  an  attempt  has  been  made  in  Sweden,  by  a  mandate  from  St.  Petersburg,  to  engage  that  country  in  this  contest,  with  a  view  to  closing  the  Swedish  ports,  and  eventually  the  Baltic  itself,  against  English  and  French  vessels.  The  main maintenance  tenance maintenance  of  neutrality  and  independence  is  of  vital  interest,  for  Sweden  and  Denmark,  and  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  the  King  of  Sweden  will  not  betray  his  country's  independence  to  Russian  counsels.  As  regards  Russian  policy  in  the  East,  the  Times  refers  to  the  intrigues  obviously  directed  against  the  interests  of  the  British  Empire  are  demonstrated  by  the  Persian  declaration  of  war  against  Turkey.  The  movement  in  Affghanistan,  and  the  expedition  to  Khiva.  The  article  concludes  by  stating  that  that  we  place  these  facts  in  the  scale  and  weigh  them  against  the  Russian  assurances  that  the  Emperor  is  ready  and  willing  to  treat  for  peace  :  all  such  declarations  will  stand  for  very  little,  and  we  must  look  to  other  modes  of  arriving  at  the  termination  of  this  dispute.  The  course  to  be  pursued  by  the  Maritime  Powers  is  now  clear  and  straitforward,  and  instructions  are  on  their  way  to  Constantinople  which  will  cause  the  decided  measures  now  agreed  upon,  to  be  carried  into  immediate  effect.  FURTHER  PARTICULARS.  On  the  14th  the  ambassadors  communicated  to  Redschid  Pacha  the  proposals  of  the  great  powers.  A  Divan  was  convoked  for  the  20th,  but  on  the  re representations  presentations representations  of  the  ambassadors  it  met  instead  on  the  18th.  After  a  long  and  animated  discussion,  it  was  resolved  to  authorise  the  ministry  to  state  that  the  Sublime  Porte  would  be  willing  to  send  a  plenipotentiary  to  some  place  in  neutral  territory,  not  Vienna,  for  the  purpose  of  treating  for  peace,  provided  the  Porte  should  not  be  asked  to  accept  anything  it  had  refused,  and  that  the  old  treaties,  now  abrogated  by  war,  should  not  be  renewed.  Supposing  Russia  willing  to  treat  on  these  terms,  the  Porte  will  meet  her  plenipotentiary  in  preen  of  the  representatives  of  the  four  powers,  as  pro proposed.  posed. proposed.  With  reference  to  the  evacuation  of  the  Principalities,  the  Porte  will  be  willing  to  accept  the  guarantee  of  the  four  powers  that  they  should  be  evacuated  immediately  upon  the  conclusion  of  a  treaty  of  peace.  The  Constitutionnel  contradicts  the  late  rumour  of  dissensions  between  Great  Britain  and  France,  which,  it  was  asserted,  had  paralysed  the  action  of  the  fleets  in  the  Bosphorus.  Letters  from  St.  Petersburg,  of  the  13th,  state  that  the  Court  Gazette  publishes  a  violent  attack  upon  the  French  government,  for  allowing  a  play  called  The  to  be  performed  in  Paris.  Accounts  from  Tiflis  of  the  6th  of  December  say  that  Prince  Beboutoff's  victory  over  the  Seraskier  Abdi  Pacha  was  the  most  considerable  affair  which  has  yet  taken  place  between  the  belligerents  in  Asia.  Abdi  Pacha's  force  consisted  of  20,000  regular  infantry,  besides  militia,  and  10,000  cavalry  and  45  guns.  Beboutoff  attacked  him  with  about  half  the  number,  stormed  his  camp,  and  took  tents,  baggage,  ammunition,  provisions,  and  24  cannon.  The  loss  on  both  sides  was  very  severe.  The  Turkish  artillery  was  admirably  served,  and  the  artillerymen  were  killed  at  their  guns;  and  many  political  refugees  were  amongst  them.  The  Seraskier  fled  precipitately,  and  part  of  his  army  has  disbanded  itself.  The  Russians  have,  in  twelve  days,  defeated  the  two  largest  corps  dannee  of  the  Turks,  and  taken  39  cannon.  The  larger  part  of  the  Imperial  force  has  consist-  ed,  in  eN  .- STYLE=superscript  ery  instanee,  of  regulars  and  militia  ;  and  the  commanders-in-chief  also  were  Georgians—viz.,  Princes  Beboutoff,  Orbellian,  and  Andronikoff.  The  general  result  of  the  campaign  in  Asia  has  been  unfavourable  to  the  Turks,  A  letter  from  Stockholm  appears  in  the  Times,  dated  the  11th.  It  Stockholm  is  in  a  great  state  of  excitement  to-day,  caused  by  the  arrival  of  a  Russian  courier,  with  a  note  commanding  Sweden  to  close  her  ports  to  English  and  French  vessels  and  subjects:  The  royal  . STYLE=superscript  family  is  greatly  in  fa  your  of  Russia,  but  the  nation,  to  a  man,  is  against"
