text
"FOURTH  NOTICE  NO.  45.  Claudio  deliberating  the  terms  of  the  pardon  .offered  through  his  sister  Isabella.  W.  Holman  Hunt.  Claudio.  Death  is  a  fearful  thing  Isabella  And  shamed  life  a  hateful  Want  of  space  in  our  last  notice  prevented  our  animad animadverting  verting animadverting  on  the  subject  of  the  prize  picture,-,  and  we  now  re return  turn return  to  it  ;  but  before  doing  so,  hope  those  of  our  readers  who  are  visitors  to  the  exhibition,  and  who  are  at  all  anxious  to  understand  this  picture,  will  read  carefully  Shakespear's  play  of  for  and  then  regard  the  illustra illustration  tion illustration  of  its  most  important  point  with  an  unprejudiced  eye.  They  will  then  perceive  with  what  firmness,  and  yet  with  what  delicacy  it  is  drawn.  How  Claudio  restless,  and  with  begrimed  visage,  and  matted  hair,  is  playing  with  one  of  his  fetters,  while  Isabella,  with  intense  eaniestness,  is  looking  into  his  eyes  as  though  she  would  like  to  pierce  his  soul.  He,  fearful  of  death,  has  just  resolved,  that  it  were  better  for  his  sister  to  sacrifice  her  honour  than  his  life  !  In  her  face  we  see  depicted  the  earnestness  of  a  virtuous  purpose,  and  in  the  firmness  of  her  gaze  can  almost  detect  signs  of  the  coming  storm  of  scorn  and  indignation  with  which  she  greets  him.  There  is  a  high  moral  feeling  per pervading  vading pervading  the  work,  and  it  is  a  step  in  the  right  direction.  For  some  years  prior  to  the  appearance  of  the  Pre-Raphael  Brethren,  we  were  inundated  with  bituminous  and  umber  back-grounds,  and  in  fact,  some  of  the  pictures  were  com composed  posed composed  of  a  sort  of  Mezzotint,  which  gave  artists  a  license  to  be  careless.  But  with  the  new  school  there  can  be  no  shirking  of  any  part,  but  a  close  attention  to  the  most  minute  particulars  is  closely  insisted  upon.  The  picture  in  question  is  the  property  of  Mr.  A  Egg,  the  artist,  and  if  there  is  one  compliment  more  welcome  than  another,  it  is  for  one  artist  to  purchase  the  work  of  another.  We  cannot  help  regretting  that  there  was  not  another  picture  of  the  same  class  to  compete  with  this  one  for  the  prize,  but  being  none,  the  academy  have  done  right  in  awarding  the  fifty  pounds  to  it.  No.  47.  The  Day  after  a  Storm  ;  Wreck  of  an  East  Indianian,  C.  Stanfield.  This  truly  magnificent  picture,  is  by  one  of  our  best  sea-coast  delineators.  The  scene  is  bustling  and  animated,  and  the  battered  form  of  the  disabled  vessel,  with  the  various  portions  of  wreck  lying  about,  shown  how  violent  the  storm  has  been.  42  and  56.  Two  very  charming  female  portraits,  by  J.  Robertson,  the  first  of  which  occupied  a  prominent  position  on  the  walls  of  the  Royal  Academy  this  year.  51.  Green  Corn.  r STYLE=superscript  It.  Tongs  (a  y STYLE=superscript  Liverpool  artist),  whose  pictures  of  last  year  were  much  better  than  those  of  the  present.  The  picture  in  question  is,  however,  a  very  modestly  painted  piece  of  nature.  52.  Tlie  Unnatural  Mother,  in  the  Judgment  of  Solomon.  A  study  for  a  fresco  for  the  new  House  of  Lords,  'Westmin 'Westminster.  ster. 'Westminster.  J.  R.  Herbert,  R.A.  The  head,  so  heroic  in  character,  and  so  fine  in  expression,  is  the  only  contribution  by  this  celebrated  artist  to  the  present  exhibition;  he  is  at  present  engaged  in  painting  the  frescoes  which  decorate  the  walls  of  the  Houses  of  Parliament.  We  have  had  great  pleasure  in  seeing  two  very  fine  landscapes  by  him,  which  are  in  the  possession  of  his  brother,  Mr.  Herbert,  of  Renshaw-street.  HINTS  FOR  EMIGRANTS—We  extract  the  following  from  a  letter  received  from  Melbourne,  dated,  June,  1853.  dear  Brother.—l  have  come  out  to  Melbourne  to  be  the  happiest  of  the  happy.  Since  my  arrival  I  have  been  married;  I  have  met  with  one  of  the  kindest  of  husbands.  He  has  succeeded  in  obtaining  an  excellent  situation,  worth  £4OO  a  year,  together  with  fire,  water,  and  candles,  which,  with  a  house  rent  free,  is  worth  £4  or  £5  per  week.  Hero  everything  is  very  expensive  ;  wood,  £5  for  a  small  dray drayload  load drayload  ;  water,  15s.  to  20s.  per  half-hogshead  ;  coal  is  aw awfully  fully awfully  expensive;  bread,  ls.  6d.  per  quartern  loaf;  salt  but butter,  ter, butter,  3s.  6d.,  fresh,  ditto,  7s.  per  pound;  currants,  2s.  per  lb.  ;  potatoes  3d.  per  lb.  ;  turnips,  6d.  for  a  small  bunch  of  two  or  three  ;  meat  is  the  same  as  with  you,  with  the  excep exception  tion exception  of  pork,  which  is  ls.  3d.  per  lb.;  veal,  9d.  per  lb.  ;  ham,  2s.  9d.  to  3s.  6d.  per  lb.  ;  cheese,  3s.  6d.  per  lb.  ;  clothes  and  shoes  are  dreadfully  expensive  ;  wines,  from  7s.  6d.  to  10s.  bottle.  I  must  not  forget  to  tell  you  that  house  rents  are  awfully  high,  and  yet  they  are  building  as  fast  as  they  can.  The  houses  are  all  wooden  ones,  and  only  one  story  high,  but  there  are  miles  of  tents.  Of  course,  in  Melbourne,  there  are  also  some  nice  houses  and  shops,  but  the  streets  are  perfect  mud,  and  not  any  pavement.  The  churches  fill  to  suffocation,  they  pay  £8  per  quarter  for  a  pew;  there  are  several  churches,  and  a  cathedral,  and  the  Bishop  goes  now  and  then  to  the  diggings,  but  I  know  not  what  success  he  meets  with  there.  The  diggings  are  still  all  the  rage,  a  new  one  having  been  discovered  at  the  Mac'lvor,  and  very  a  good  one  too.  Gold  is,  I  believe,  found  in  abundance  near  the  surface  of  the  earth.  I  landed  on  the  27th  of  April,  and  was  married  on  the  3d  of  May.  I  like  Melbourne  ;  here  we  are  free,  we  care  not  how  we  dress.  The  gentlemen's  dress  consists  of  a  wide-awake  hat,  a  jumper,  with  a  belt  round  the  waist,  a  pair  of  boots  to  go  higher  than  •the  knees.  The  ladies  here  dress  very  plain,  dresses  short,  as  the  mud  is  up  to  our  ancles.  We  fre frequently  quently frequently  see  16  or  18  bullocks  drawing  a  dray.  Horses  are  very  expensive,  se  are  cows  ;  the  milk  here  is  Is.  per  pint,  most  of  which  tt  t's.  There  are  a  great  number  of  rob robberies  beries robberies  here  La  treets  ;  the  streets  are  lighted  with  oil,  and  the  lamett.,  out  half  a  mile  apart,  so  that  if  a  per person  son person  does  m*'-  •  his  way  perfectly  he  gets  'stuck  up,'  a  colonial  exp.  it  BANKRU  IURT,—IN  RE  THOS.  CASSON.  A  second  class  was  yesterday  granted  in  this  case:  the  bankru  oach  builder  in  this  town."
