text
"IRELAND.  :  .  (FROM  01:11t  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  •  DUBLIN,  MONDAY.  A  Num  ART  UNION.—LGreat  exertions  are  beirg  made  to  get  up  a  new  Irish  Art  Union.  Lord  Talbot  de  Malahide  '  is  at  the  head  of  the  movement,  and  several  of  the  Exhibition  painting,s  have  been  purchased  for  There  were  two  Art  Unions  in  Dublin  a  few  years  ago,  but  both  perished.  The  one,'from  the  worthlessness  of  the  prints  offered;  and  •  the  other,  from  a  glaring  want  of  punctuality  in  its  dealings.  THE  CATHOLIC  UNIVERSITY.—The  project  df  establish establishing  ing establishing  all  institution  under  the  above  title,  has  now  reached  something  like  a  tangible  shape.  It  is  said  that  £40,000  has  been  collected,  and  the  Freeman  states  that  the  Rev.  Dr.  Newman  will  be  in  Dublin  shortly,  to  isiaugurate  the  'new  establishment.  Meanwhile,  for  any  University,  a  royal  '  charter  is  necessary  ;  but  although  the  Evening  Post,  then  the  Castle  stated  some  years  ago  that  that  would  not  be  granted,  I  do  not  believe,.  that  under  the  dr-.  cumstances,  such  a  boon  would  be  withheld.  Its  refusal  could  do  no  possible  good,  and  would  only  create  a  discon discontent  tent discontent  amongst  the  Roman  Catholics,  with  some  countenanc countenancing  ing countenancing  cause.  At  the  same  time,  although  £40,000  looks  a  rarge  sum,  it  will  not  go  very  far  in  the  establishment  of  a  University.  The  expenses  of  each  of  the  three  Queen's  Col Colleges,  leges, Colleges,  in  Ireland,  amount  to  £6,000  per  annum,  to  say  no nothing  thing nothing  of  the  original  outlay,  which  must  have  been  very  close  on  the  sum  now  boasted  of,  for  the  Roman  Catholic  Institution.  And  if  all  that  be  frittered  away  in  inaugurat inaugurat.ing  .ing inaugurat.ing  expenses,  it  is  not  likely  professors  'will  be  got  for  nothing.  I  should  not  omit  to  remark,  that  a  single  year's  grant  to  Maynooth,  very  nearly  equals  the  whole  capital  of  this  University,  for  which  nobody  is  to  be  COMIpROIAL  IrrrEmaomrcE.—ln  its  city  article  of  to today,  day, today,  the  Daily  Express  says  :—The  subject  discassed  at  the  Meeting  of  the  linen  trade  held  in  Belfast  on  Thursday  is  one  of  great  importance  to  Ireland.  The  United  States  ,Government  find  themselves  in  the  extraordinary  position  of  havinff  more  money  than  they  know  what  to  ao  with,  a  or  u1,r“,..a.  ,sr  r:lr  millions  sterling  being  Ricked  up  in  the  treasury.  Reductions  in  the  tam  are  taiu.  —  r  them,  and  Mr.  Guthrie,  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury,  has.  issued  a  circular  to  the  consular  agents  of  the  Union,  and  others,  in  which  he  propounds  the  views  of  his  government  as  to,  the  ola6s  of  ar.icles  which  it  is  likely  will  be  faceted,  and  invites  information  on  the  subject.  Mr.!  Guthrie  states  that  the  eristing  tariff  has  beeen  designed  -generally  and  substantially  for  revenue,  and  for  a  fair  and  equal  operation  both  between  the  various  sections  ~of  the  country  and  the  various  branches  of  industry  -  that  the  same  objects  should  now  be  kept  in  view,  and  the  reductions  should  be  arranged  so  as  to  afford  an  equal  parti.:  cipation  in  the  benefit  to  every  interest  and  to  every  section,  and  also  that  they  should  interrere  as  little  as  possible  with  the  products  of  American  industry.  In  both  of  these  res.:  pects,  linen  fabrics  are  peculiarly  entitled  to  exemption  ;rent  duty  ;  they  are  worn  by  every  class  in  every  part  of  the  Union,  and  although  there  is  at  present  an  ad  valorem  duty  '  of  twenty  per  Cent.,  there  are  but  twelve  small  factories  in  existence  in  the  entire  country.  The  yarns  manufactured  in  America  are  all  dry-spun,  and  therefore  only  adapted  for  i  coarser  fabrics,  such  as  canvass.  A  committee  has  been  ap ap-:pointed  -:pointed ap-:pointed  to  draw  up  memorials  both  to  the  British  and  United  States  Governments,  and,  from  the  facts  they  are  able  to  bring  forward,  we  confidently  expect  that  their  efforts  will  be  successful.  -  _  THE  HERBERT  AGENCY.—The  new  holder  of  this  office  is  Major  A'Court,  not  Harcourt,  as  has  been  stated.  This  gentleman  is  a  brother  of  Mrs.  Herbert,  and  consequently  one  of  the  Halsbury  family.  THE  SUFFERERS  BY  THE  LATE  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.—  Miss  Farrell  is  improving  .  every  day,  and  Esther  Coffey  is  recovering  from  the  injuries  she  received,  but  not  .  76,  from  the  attack  of  consumption.  SCARCITY  OF  LABOUR.  The  Cork  Examiner  says  :  An  application  was  made  at  the  Cork  workhouse  on  Tues.,  day  .  for  a  number  of  able-bodied  labourers,  who  would  receive  employment  at  the  rate  of  Is.  6d.  a-day.  A  few  of  the  inmates,answering  the  description  of  able-bodied  labour labourers,  ers, labourers,  readily  accepted  the  terms,  and  left  the  house.  This  is  the  first  application  for  labourers  that  has  been  made  at  the  Cork  workhouse  since  its  construction,  now  some  twelve  or  thirteen  years,  and  is  a  hopeful  sign  for  all  classes  in  the  community.  Siido  BOROUGH.—III  the  event  of  Mr.  Somers's  petition  agairst  Mr.  John  Sadler's  succeeding,  the  latter  gentleman  has  not  the  slightest  chance  of  ie-election  for  Sligo.  The  result  of  the  new  revision  has  knocked  off  no  less  thau  40  of  his  supporters.  There  are  now  160  Protestants,  and  131  Roman  Catholics  on  the  registry.  With  the  poor,  Somers  is  a  great  favourite  and  there  is  every  chance  that  he  will  be  member  for  Sligo,  before  another  year  goes  about.  MH.  DARGAN.—The  2nd  of  November  has  been  appoint appointed  ed appointed  for  the  exhibition  banquet  to  this  gentleman.  Agy  i  p  e  grywqT.—Tho  ta  A  loaf  tb,4,  e,  ecretary  to  he  Attorney  General,  has  beenap beenappointed  pointed beenappointed  'to  the  vacant  office  of  Clerk  of  the  Writs.  THE  RAILWAY  AOCIDENT.  —All  the  remaining  sufferers  from  this  calamity  are  progressing  favourably.  Mrs.  Latham  Blacken  has  been  removed  to  town  from  Straffan  station.  An  application  to  judge  Jackson,  in  chamber,  has  been  g  ranted,  to  remove  the  depositions  at  the  inquest  into  the  Queen's  Bench,  preparatory  to  an  application  to  admit  Gass  and  O'Hara  to  bail.  THE  DAIWAN  INSTITUTE.—Messrs.  Fairbarn,  of  Man-  chester,  have  contributed  one  hundred  guineas  towards  this  object.  THE  LATE  OCCURRENCE  AT  THE  VICEREGAL  LODGE.--•  Yesterday,  the  Rev.  Mr.  Stannard,  in  accordance  with  the  advice  of  his  friends,  surrendered  himself,  and  was  brought  up  before  Dr.  Kelly,  at  the  Capel-street  police  court.  No  one  appeared  to  make  any  charge  onbehalf  of  his  Excellency.  Mr.  Brownrigg  appeared  as  Mr.  Stannard's  solicitor,  and  stated  that  on  the  evening  in  question,  Mr.  Stannard  went  to  the  Park  for  the  purpose  of  having  an  interview  with  the  Lord  Lieutenant.  On  going  to  the  Viceregal  Lodge,  Mr.  Stannard  found  no  person  at  the  door  to  whom  he  could  give  his  card,  he  then  entered  a  room  near  the  door,  and,  having  sat  there  a  considerable  time  without  seeing  any  one,  he  went  out  and  entered  another  room,  where  he  saw  a  lamp  burning;  he  staid  there  until  the  lamp  was  extinguished,  which  occupied  a  considerable  time  ;  Mr.  Stannard  then  went  into  another  room,  when  he  en en  - en  `countered  the  Lord  Lieutenant  and  apologized  for  the  intrusion,  but  before  he  could  give  any  .  explanation,  his  Excellency,  naturally  feeling  nervous:at  seeing  a  stranger  at  so  late  an  hour,  directed  Mr.  Stannard  to  be  given  in  charge  to  the  police.  He  (Mr.  Brownrig6)  could  not  excuse  Mr.  Stannard's  escaping  from  the  station-house,  but  he  did  it  under  the  impression  that  he  would  thereby  prevent  pub pub'  ' pub'  licity  being  given  to  the  matter  by  avoiding  a  public  inves investigation.  tigation. investigation.  He  had  now  done  all  in  his  power  to  atone  for  _  _that  act  by  surrendering  himself.  Mr.  Brownrigg  therefore  •  submitted,  that  his  worship  should  discharge  Mr.  Stannard,  as  it  did  not  appear  that  he  was  guilty  of  any  felonious  act.  or  even  the  slightest  discourtesy  to  the  Lord  Lieutenant,  what  Mr.  Stannard  did  being  at  the  most  a  breach  of  etiquette.  =  Dr.  Kelly  stated  that  all  he  would  require  was  that  Mr.  Stannard  should  give  security,  himself  in  £5O,  and  two  sureties  in  £25  each,  to  appear  when  called  upon.  The  •  security  was  immediately  entered  into,and  Mr.  Stannard  was  discharged.  THE  EiHEßMON.—Yesterday  the  attendance  was  larger  than  on  any  preceding  day,  and  the  sixpenny  admission  was  established.  There  were  15,108  visitors,  and  the  receipts  amounted  to  between  £3OO  and  £4.00.  It  has  been  officially  stated  that  a  total  has  now  been  reached  which  will  repay  .  all  outlay.  The  exhibition  will  close  on  the  31st,  on  which  day  the  medals  will  be  distributed,  and  after  which  any  'l?nods  may  be  removed  from  the  building.  I  understand,  however,  it.  i.,  in  onritemnlation  to  re-open,  for  some  time  further,  when  whatever  is  left  may  bo  bought  and  sold.  VIADUCT.—The  Drogheda  Argus  says  :—We  regret  to  have  to  report  on  nib...  , STYLE=superscript  ...lollop  tat,  ta..v  aturday  we  felt  pleasure  in  stating  that  many  and  long--  continued  difficulties  had  been  overcome,  and  that  the  works  were  in_  fair  progress  to  completion  ;  but  almost  before  the  issue  of  our  paper  containing  this  intelligence,  a  strike  took  plaCe  amongst  the  workmen,  and  the  coffer-dam  became  again  filled  with  water.  We  are  not  in  a  position  to  state  the  precise  cause  of  the  accident.  Some  assert  that  the  workmen  produced  it  to  suit  their  own  ends  ;  others  that  the  dam  was  filled  as  a  means  of  preventing  its  bursting;  whilst  •  many  contend  that  it  was  but  one  of  the  succession  of  mis mischances  chances mischances  for  which  the  northern  pier  has  been  remarkable.  •  One  fact  is  patent  to  all—during  the  week  the  works  have  been  wholly  suspended;  and  now,  with  the  winter  at  our  veiy  door,  the  public  feel  naturally  interested  in  the  question  whether  passenger  traffic  is  to  be  continued  during  a  long,  and;  mayhap,  a  severe  season,  over  the  temporary  wooden  structure.  The  whole  question,  we  understand,  is  the  ma masons'  sons' masons'  wages.  •  THE  RECENT  CHARGE  OF  SHOPLIFTLNG  AGAINST  A  LADY.  —ln  reference  to  the  case  of  Mrs.  Cantwell,  who  has  been  sent  for  trial  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  tenpenny  ribbon  out  .  of  Messrs.  Cormaek  and  Miles's,  a  great  deal  of  interest  has  been,  excited.  The  lady  in  question  is,  a  near  relative  of  the  Papal  Bishop  of  Meath,  and  belongs  to  one  of  'the  most  res respectable  pectable respectable  Roman  Catholic  families  in  Ireland.  The  Freeman  of  to-day  says  :—Exercising  a  discretion  •  which  all  right-minded  people  will  appreciate,  we  omitted  from  our  pohce  reports  the  charge  recently  made  against  one  of  the  most  respectable  and  highly  esteemed  ladies  in  Dub Dublin..  lin.. Dublin..  We  did  so,  not  because  of  the  respectability  of  the  lady  and  of  her  connexions,  but  because  the  testimony  on  which  she  was  accused  seemed  to  us  to  be  just  of  that  character  which  called  for  a  wise  exercise  of  discretion,  and  suggested  the  propriety  of  not  parading  any  lady's  name  before  the  public  on  a  prima  facie  case  in  connexion  with  so  serious  a  charge,  and  so  imperfectly  sustained,  until  she  should  at  least  have  the  opportunity  of  making  her  defence.  The  time  approaches  when  this  lady  will  have  to  make  her  defence,  and,  by  refuting  the  accusation,  sustain  her  high  character,  and  return  to  her  hoMe,  spotless  as  when  she  left  it  the  morning  of  her  arrest.  The  circumstances  under  which  she  was  arrested  were  peculiar—in  an  open  shop—no  friend  near  •  •  —surrounded  by,  strangers—and  her  legal  friends  are  there therefore  fore therefore  compelled  to  appeal  to  the  sense  of  justice  of  these  ladies  who  were  present.  Strangers  though  they  be  to  the  lady  who  claims  their  sympathy,  we  doubt  not  that  they  will  at  •  , STYLE=superscript  '-iionm  i  a  t  r  a  dlitp  .  tfnlly  t  jpoine  forwarittg  giye,..her--to.  give  the  lair-f-  give  the  - STYLE=superscript  cause  of  justice—the  benefit  of  their  evi evidence,  dence, evidence,  whatever  that  may  be.  We  feel  confident  no  lady— ladyno  no ladyno  woman  with  a  woman's  feelings  can  hesitate  to  respond."
