text
"COUNTY  COUIiT.---YESTtRD-Alti  (Before  JOSEPH  POLLQCK,  ESQ.,  JUDGE.)  JONES  V.  BRISCOE.—  This  was  an  action  brought  by  John  Jones  against  Thomas  Briscoe,  to  recover  a  sum  of  18s.,  alleged  to  be  due  by  the  defendant.  The  defendant  denied  ever  having  owed  money  to  the  plaintiff,  and  entered  into  a  long  and  rambling  statement  about  a  partnership  which  had  existed  between  plaintiff  and  himself  for  the  buying  and  selling  of  casks.  Plaintiff  stated  that  the  money  was  lent  by  him  to  the  defendant,  and  made  an  equally  long  and  unintelligible  address.  Neither  party  could  be  got  to  give  a  direct  reply  to  a  question.  At  last  His  HONOR  said  :  You  are  very  intolerable  pair.  My  only  doubt  is  which  of  you  is  the  worst.  You  have  occu occupied  pied occupied  ten  times  as  long  as  ought  to  be  occupied  in  a  case  of  the  kind.  You  are  two  of  the  most  stup  d  persons  I  ever  had  to  deal  with,  or  else  the  two  most  determined  not  to  let  me  know  the  truth.  There  is  only  one  point  to  lead  me  to  a  conclusion.  You,  the  plaintiff,  swear  that  you  gave  this  man  certain  money.  I  have  endeavoured  to  get  him  to  explain  it.  The  PLAINTIFF  here  interrupted  and  proceeded  to  make  some  observations.  His  HONOR  :  Remain  silent,  sir--if  you  do  not  I  will  find  you,  or,  if  that  is  not  sufficient,  I  will  commit  you  for  contempt  of  court.  I  have  endeavoured,  in  vain,  to  get  this  other  man  to  explain  how  it  happened  that  he  received  money  from  you,  and  as  you  positively  swear  to  it,  and  he  cannot  explain  it,  I  will  give  you  a  verdict.  Now  retire  without  giving  me  any  more  trouble  upon  either  side.  SILBODEN  v.  BRADLEY.—In  tills  case  the  plaintiff  claimed  to  be  paid  for  loss  of  time  in  two,  days'.  attendance  at  the  borough  court  under  a  subpwna.  M  11,Ymmt  appeared  for  the  defence.  His  HONOR  .  No  action  for  loss  of  time  can  lie  under  a  su?pena,  and  therefort  I  must  give  a  non-suit.  The  PLAINTIFF  :  I  would  be  fined  £2O  if  I  did  not  attend.  His  HONOR  :  The  law  requires  that  all  parties  should  attend  under  a  subpoena.  The  PLAINTIFF  :  But  there  are  some  funds,  your  Honor.  His  HONOR  :  Ido  not  care  what  funds  there  are.  You  have  no  grounds  of  action,  and  I  therefore  nonsuit  you.  LONSDALE  v.  HEATH.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  Joseph  Lonsden,  printer,  against  the  Mr.  John  Heath,  proprietor  of  the  Royal  olosseum,  Paradise-street,  to  re recover  cover recover  the  cost  of  printing  some  bills,  alleged  to  have  been  ordered  by  a  person  In  die  einpltrymont  of  the  defendant.  Mr.  POPE  appeared  for  the  plaintiff.  The  evidence  of  the  plaintiff  and  his  witnesses  was  to  the  effect  that  Mr.  Heath  usually  printed  his  bills  at  an  estab establishment  lishment establishment  of  his  own,  but  that  when  there  was  a  pressure  of  business  a  person  named  Keenan  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Heath  ordered  some  bills  to  be  printed  by  plaintiff,  announc announcing  ing announcing  the  engagement  of  Mr.  Baker,  the  Red  It  was  admitted  that  Mr.  Heath  had  not  given  any  order  for  these  bills  himself,  or  for  any  other  printing  work,  but  it  was  stated  that  upon  one  occasion  plaintiff  had  supplied  some  chases  and  type  to  the  establishment  of  Mr.  Heath  upon  the  order  of  Keenan,  which  Mr.  Heath  paid  for.  Mr.  HEATH  said  he  never  allowed  any  man  to  order  any  printing  for  him.  He  might  have  got  goods,  and  when  the  invoice  came  have  paid  for  them,  but  he  never  allowed  any  one  to  order  printing  to  be  done  for  him.  He  had  a  place  for  printing  his  own  bills.  Mr.  Heath  also  stated  that  the  bills  produced  in  court  could  never  have  been  intended  for  Liver Liver'pool  'pool Liver'pool  at  all,  and  that  they  were-never  delivered  to  him.  His  HONOR  said  that  the  plaintiff  had  only  proved  that  Keenan  had  authority  to  order  matters  which  were  necessary  for  Mr.  Heath's  printing  establishment,  but  had  not  shown  any  authority  on  his  part  to  get  printing  done.  The  case  was  therefore  nonsuited,  Mr.  Heath  to  receive  his  costs."
