text
"WILL  HAVE  DESPATCH:  For  BOMBAY.  The  fine  Colonial-built  Clipper  Ship  SILLERY.  Capt.  BIRNI  s  register;  A  1  at  Lloyd's  .n  years;  coppered  ly  two  years  old,  and  is  all  respects  a  first  rate  con conveyance  veyance conveyance  for  line  goods.—For  Freight,  6-c.,  app  y  to  Messrs.  Srarts,  WALKna,  and  SIMS  ;or  to  ,  W.  0.  YOUNG.  19,  Dale-street,  Liverpool;  54,  Cross-street,  Manchester;  Sun-court,  Cornhlll,  London.  -,  ~,  .1.,  1:71,  ATESSRS.  BURNS  &amp;  MAC  IVER  Itt  beg  to  draw  the  attention  of  Shippers  V  A  ,\,-  .  .  and  Passengers  by  their  Steam-vessels  to  the  329th  `  — STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  t`M  , STYLE=superscript  -  -  -•  section  of  the  new  Merchant  Shipping  Act,  which  •  z•  ~  hall  be  entitled  to  carr  a  any  ship,  or  to  require  herein,  Aquafortis,  Oil  of  1,  Gunpowder,  o  the  judgment  of  tare;  and  if  any  person  goods  of  a  dangerous  nature,  with withure  ure withure  on  the  outside  of  the  package  revise  giving  notice  in  writing  to  the  such  master  or  owner,  are  of  a  da  carries  or  sends  by  any  s,  inctiv  marking  their  nati  e  same,  or  otl  ester  or  owner,  at  or  before  the  time  of  carrying  or  sending  the  ne  to  be  ,hipped,  he  shall  for  every  such  offence  incur  a  penalty  t  exceeding  .e  100;  and  the  master  or  owner  of  any  ship  may  re ree  e ree  to  take  on  board  any  parcel  that  he  suspects  to  contain  goods  a  dangerous  nature,  and  may  require  them  to  be  opened  to  ascer-  URUS  will  sail  from  the  river  Tull  DAY,  the  Bth  Instant.  s  will  embark  from  the  Landing-stage,  George's-pierhead,  tender  Jackall  or  Satellite,  at  Nine  o'clock  this  morning.  l  goods  are  now  being  received  at  Huskisson  Dock,  west  STEAMERS  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL,  CONSTANTINOPLE,  SMYRNA;  SAMSOUN,  AND  TREBIZONDE,  ds  Calling  at  a,7  .1  ~,,-  GIB  RALTAR,  MALTA  ,  and  SYRA  ,  ~0:Z4.  .„  .  With  liberty  to  call  at  any  oth  er  p  or  t  s  .  '  •-.  - STYLE=superscript  -  7- STYLE=superscript  Loading  Berth,  west  side  of  Huskisson  Dock.  The  First-class  screw  Steamers  LEBANON  Capt.  T.  Cook.  ALPS  .  .  TAURLTS......Capt.  Langlands STYLE=superscript  BALBEC  TENERIFFE..  Capt.  J.  R.  Bell  DELTA.  Cal)t.Eleckly  CaptlLittle  KARNAK  Capt.  H  Dubbinsl  BRITISH  QUEENeapTKiartyn  are  intended  to  sail  (with  or  without  Pilots)  from  Liverpool,  as  follows,  unless  prevented  by  unforeseen  circumstances,  TAURUS  This  Morning..  TEN  ERIFFE  ...Tuesday  Morning STYLE=superscript  lsth  J  an.  With  Goods  for  Malta,  Syra,  Constantinople,  and  Smyrna,  Passengers  for  Gibraltar,  Malta,  Syra,  Constantinople,  and  Smyrna.  Freight  on  all  Goodsmust  be  paid  in  Liverpool.  Bills  of  Lading  must  be  at  the  office  for  signature  the  day  previous  to  sailing.  To  prevent  the  possibility  of  all  after-disenssion,  it  is  requested  that  shippers  will  send  a  person  to  the  quay  to  see  their  goods  ***  In  the  event  of  these  steamers  being  placed  in  quarantine  at  any  of  the  above  ports,  goods  will  require  to  be  immediately  taken  away,  and  transferred  to  another  vessel  or  depot,  to  perform  quar quarantine,  antine, quarantine,  at  the  expense  and  risk  of  the  shippers  or  consignees.  This  Goods  for  any  of  the  above.named  ports  must  have  the  place  of  their  destination  distinctly  marked  on  them,  in  letters  of  not  less  than  two  inches,  otherwise  the  agents  will  not  be  accountable  for  mistakes.  Shippers  will  please  send  a  shipping  note  along  with  each  cartload  of  Goods.  For  freight  or  passage  apply  to  G.  &amp;  J.  Burns,  Glasgow,  or  here  to  BURNS  &amp;  MAC  IVER,  IG,  Water-street"
