text
"As  all  boys  are  not  adapted  for  a  seafaring  life,  i  7  s  been  suggested  that  until  our  reformatory  on  shore  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  been  established,  some  arrangement  might,  be  made  exchange  boys  with  some  of  the  reformatories  in  Ott'  parts  of  the  country,  and  it  is  probable  this  arranger:  oex STYLE=superscript  will  be  carried  out.  The  committee  regret  that,  owing  to  the  t  e  „,,  rO  O STYLE=superscript  ,  ,„.  .„.  .  .  ditheutty  or  obtaining  a  suitable  plot  of  land  at  a  re  . STYLE=superscript  ‘  s STYLE=superscript  `'  j STYLE=superscript  able  price,  and  also,  latterly,  their  time  and  attentl4  havitn  been  so  much  required  in  establishing  the  ref°  matory  ship,  they  have  been  unable  to  make  any  Pr  , STYLE=superscript  ,  gress  with  the  other  two  branches  contemplated  in  the  prospectus.  The  funds  requisite  for  the  efficient  carrying,  _  important  an  institution  must  necessarily  be  v  ery  c`:  siderable,  and,  although  very  liberal  donations  have  received.  they  will  all,  and  much  more  also,  be  expen`  in  the  fitting  up  and  establishment  of  the  three  insti  tions  ;  and  the  committee  earnestly  hope  that  they  be  supplied  with  liberal  annual  subscriptions,  wit  which  it  is  impossible  that  the  institution  can  be  ca:  on,  as  the  amount  at  present  allowed  by  gevernmet  , STYLE=superscript  such  boys  as  may  be  sent  by  a  magistrate  is  inadet  to  pay  for  their  efficient  superintendence  and  mainten  besides  which  others  may  be  received  for  whos  ance  no  provision  is  made  The  Rev.  Rector  Campbell  moved  the  adoption  of  t  report.  He  said  :  I  have  great  pleasure  in  rising  to  W°  that  the  report  road  be  adopted,  printed,  and  eiretll3  under  the  direction  of  the,  committee,  and  in  app  the  meeting  for  their  approbation  of  the  resolution  not  think  it  will  be  necessary  to  trespa  great  length  on  your  time,  nor  to  plead  my  want  of  s'  at  the  present  moment  s  z  re:l,Am  of  the  brevity  appeal,  because  I  think  the  subject  which  has  bro,l4''t  together  is  one  on  which  we  shall  most  coraially  a!;ZI  (Hear,  hear.)  The  report  expresses  our  opinion  stror4:  l STYLE=superscript  and  it  has  one  great  recommendation  in  its  favour  io  mind—that  it  is  very  brief;  and  I  shall  imitate  its  WO'  in  the  observations  1  shall  lay  before  you.  And  in  my  chief  oh.,ect  in  rising  is  to  express  what  I  very  (IPI  feel—my  commiseration—my  heartfelt  commiseratioo  the  beings  whose  reformation  we  are  met  to  promote,  °I STYLE=superscript  I  should  not  think  that  my  heart  was  in  its  right  place  I  did  not  feel  that  commiseration.  Engaged  as  this  parish,  to  a  great  extent,  with  the  vast  burtheet  responsibility  it  involves,  my  duty  is,  so  far  as  my  ini  r:° STYLE=superscript  _,„  ability  permits  me,  to  labour  earnestly  f  or  th  e  'T  PA  ,  tion  of  the  people,  and  to  promot  e  th  e  sp  i  r  i  tua  l  an  d  te  l  poral  good  of  those  who,  to  a  cert  a  i  n  ex  t  en  t,  a  ra  e STYLE=superscript  °,  mated  to  my  charge.  All  those  who  are  willing  to  a  r STYLE=superscript  ?  t  of  the  administrations  of  the  Established  Church,  1  our  bounden  duty  to  do  everything  we  possibly  c  3 STYLE=superscript  hi  them  ;  but  then,  unhappily,  the  clas3  of  society  to  I  am  now  alluding  do  not  accept  our  administrati  olls STYLE=superscript  '  any  administration  wh  a  t  ever  .  (H  ear,  hear.)  The  y  9t  as  it  were,  lost—the  children  of  perdition,  but  that  15 STYLE=superscript  reason  why  we  should  l  e  a  ve  th  em  i  n  t  h  at  lost  an  d  per  all'  Christians,  condition.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  is  the  d  u  t  y  o  f  us  t  Christians,  and  as  men,  not  only  as  m  i  n  i  s  t  e  rs  of  t,  Gospel,  but  as  Christians  and  as  men,  to  do,  e  verYt  P STYLE=superscript  i  that  we  possibly  can  to  redeem  those  lost  a  n  d  perighi,  souls  from  destruction,  temporal  and  eternal.  O  le STYLE=superscript  hear.)  It  is  my  anxious  wish  to  do  all  I  cae  ehl  promote  this  sacred  obj  =.ct,  and  I  M  us  t  con  f  es  s  I  look  with  greater  hope,  perhaps,  than  to  other  means  of  help,  t  o  th  e  esta  b  lishment  of  this  i'l,°'lll,  v'  re  and  ragged  schools,  t  o  l  ay  hold  of  a  population  '',lo  seems  intangible,  and  whi  c  h  the  Recorder  of  Birmierol  compares  to  the  owu  er  l  ess  d  ogs  of  the  city  of  - STYLE=superscript  00  11 STYLE=superscript  ,  5 STYLE=superscript  t'  nople.  He  says  our  countrymen  in  Constantinopm'fog  us  how  that  city  is  infested  by  troops  of  ownerlesg  0  ,11  which  gain  their  livelihood  by  the  exercise  of  their  e  and  a  slight  effort  of  the  imagination  will  bring  bef  t STYLE=superscript  :lto'  the  annoyance  whi  c  h  must  b  e  produced  by  thisi  o  a  of  four-footed  outlaws.  Now,  if  we  substit  u  t  e  i  n  OT  pt  wi_idsyoung  human  beings  for  those  dogs,  we  shall„s  •  pare  oursdies  for  undeiStanding  the  cha  rac  terlsV  ate  that  portica  of  our  juvenile  population  which  is  410  around  us,  and  whose  reformation  we  a  re  en  d  eav  our'  y  t  l  secure.  The  ownerless  dogs  are  types  of  them  , STYLE=superscript  owl  them,  they  have  received  but  little  kindness;  tl  ll STYLE=superscript  they  live  more  or  less  by  their  wits  ;  like  they'  ro  are  active  without  occupation—restless,  capable  t  itle  sheer  necessity  of  beari  ng  h  unger  and  cold,  their  i  ns  great,  their  affections  uprooted,  their  religion  non  e STYLE=superscript  .'  i  y,  are  poor  creatures,  whom  it  is  our  object,  if  possi  objects  They  a  r  o  e  r  n  t  o  h  t  e  reclaim  and  save  from  destruction,  and  I  say  t  i STYLE=superscript  l  l  eo  for  Christian  commiseration.  They  have  nevel  t  -  e  lle  o  v STYLE=superscript  l  e STYLE=superscript  tle  y STYLE=superscript  c  ts  deepest  of  taught  their  duty  to  God,  to  themselves,  and  their  1  ,13;  creatures  ;  they  have  every  temptation  to  sin  ;  th  e STYLE=superscript  y STYLE=superscript  at  every  temptation  to  continue  their  evil  courst,'°;  c  m  a  i  n  s  c  e  i  r  c  a  o  t  n  io  t  n  einp  (  t,  llZ  , STYLE=superscript  ..  b  e  pe  il  such,  lam  sorry  to  say,  is  in  great  measure  the  ss  e  large  majority  of  the  lower  p  ar  t  o  f  no  working  el  a STYLE=superscript  e  ,  large  towns.  They  have  not  b  een  b  roug  h  t  up  in  tli  Alit  of  God  and  man  ;  they  ha  ve  no  d  omest  i  c  comfort  s STYLE=superscript  we  can  hardly  wonder,  th  oug  h  we  must  deePlY.,  i STYLE=superscript  • STYLE=superscript  ,,  e STYLE=superscript  i,'  that  thtfgo  to  the  beer-  s  h  op  an  d  the  gin-palace,  '1,10.0  the  consequence  is  a  s  t  a  t  e  of  demoralisation,  *yd.  fearful  to  every  reflecting  and  every  Christian  are  told  that  the  people  of  this  country  expend  of  1  1  52,000.0001  a  yea  r  ,  a  sum  equal  to  the  reveni/el  country  before  the  war  ;  and  it  is  sl'  they  expend  in  snuff  and  tobacco  twice  the  rel  t STYLE=superscript  e  the  Established  Ch  urc  h  .  (Rear,  hear,  and  ,  Now,  perhaps,  th  a  t  d  oes  not  apply  to  this  though  thet  e  is  no  wrong  in  ,o;eationing  it,  attoi  matter  which  we  are  cons  id  er  i  ng  is  juvenile  crime  or  ,r  source  of  their  d  emora  li  sat  i  on.  Ido  not  know►  j  o  oti  it  is,  but  I  quote  from  the  repirt  of  Major  Gr  e STYLE=superscript  ','&#34;),t  state  that  the  number  of  disorderly  persous  N  joe„.  the  police-otlice  on  Monday  was  120,  but  that  the  .v  l  o  t,'„  before  last  it  amounted  to  190.  Ido  not  know  10r STYLE=superscript  t,t),  caused  this  evil  in  the  population,  but  let  us  i  ;  c  ti  sake  do  something,  if  we  possibly  can,  1  0 STYLE=superscript  reln STYLE=superscript  e  - STYLE=superscript  neti  deadly  sin  which  almost  seems  to  call  down  the  pe  l  of  God  upon  a  corrupted  nation.  (Hear,  hear.  P2_TB00321 20  0  20  0  20  0  20  0"
