text
"/I.I§TMIMMIO  that  Ferdinand  Flocon,  member  of  the  Provisional  Government,  an  exile  in  Switzerland,  has  been  prohibited  by  the  Swiss  Government,  on,  of  course,  the  demand  of  France,  from  residing  in  the  Swiss  Cantons.  The  Moniteur  publishes  an  official  report  of  the  salutes,  &amp;e.,  exchanged  between  the  French  and  American  authorities  at  San  Francisco,  on  the  rehoisting  of  the  flag  of  the  French  Consul,  hauled  down  some  time  ago  for  an  insult  given  to  him•  Everything  went  off  satisfactorily,  and  the  best  feeling  was  manifested  on  both  sides.  THE  CRIMEA  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  Camp  at  Sebastopol,  Jan.  4,185  G.  We  are  now  fairly  settled  down  for  the  winter,  and  the  few  events  that  checquer  this  hybernating  state  of  existence,  leave  but  little  of  interest  to  communicate.  Now  that  any  chance  of  active  service  is  at  an  end,  the  minds  of  all  are  directed  to  making  themselves  as  com comfortable  fortable comfortable  as  the  Crimean  climate  will  admit.  The  wide  expanse  of  tented  fields,  stretching  their  enow—white  canvas  on  every  side,  is  now  changed,  for  what  seem  to  be,  little  villages  of  wooden  huts  dotting  the  surface  of  the  ground.  The  men  are,  to  a  great  extent,  all  butted;  but  the  question  naturally  arises,  why  should  there  be  any  still  unprovided  for?  In  many  divisions  there  is  yet  a  sat!  deficiency  in  this  respect;  and  I  have  seen  the  sick,  on  these  bitter  cold  days,  crowded  together  in  marquees  with  nothing  but  the  damp  earth  beneath  . STYLE=superscript  their  camp  beds.  Surely  sufficient  hospital  accommo accommodation  dation accommodation  at  least  might  have  been,  by  a  little  foresight,  given  by  those  at  home.  In  Sebastopol  nothing  new  has  occurred,  with  the  exception  of  the  destruction  of  the  docks.  Th  ese  splen splendid  did splendid  works,  that  cost  Russia  so  many  years'  expenditure  of  labour  and  money,  have  been  blown  up,  and  rendered  for  the  future  entirely  useless.  Their  destruction  was  exceedingly  well  managed,  and  does  great  credit  t  o  the  French,  and  our  own,  engineers.  There  was  hardy  any'  explosion  ;  a  slight  rumbling  noise  was  heard,  and  the  sides  of  the  docks  slowly  fell  inwards.  To  the  philoso philosopher  pher philosopher  it  seems  a  bitter  sarcasm  on  the  wanton  mischief  of  war,  that  a  set  of  men  should  come  3,000  miles  from  their  own  country,  to  destroy  in  a  few  hours  what  had  cost  another  set  of  men  years  to  complete—what  was  a  proud  achievement  of  man's  genius,  and  what,  i  n  the  time  of  peace,  would  have  been  of  the  greatest  advantage  to  commerce  and  the  common  interests  of  mankind.  ,  is  true  that  these  docks  (like  the  town  of  which  Owl  were  so  great  an  ornament)  were  intended  by  Russia  for  her  own  aggrandisement,  and  the  injury  of  other  nations  , STYLE=superscript  and  therefore  have  been  rightly  destroyed  ;  but,  nev  er.  theless,  one  cannot  ride  through  the  dismantled  streets  of  that  once  splendid  city,  and  survey  her  wondrous  beauty,  both  of  natural  position  as  well  as  human  work workmanship,  manship, workmanship,  without  a  sigh  for  the  grandeur  that  has  passe'  away  from  her  like  a  dream.  The  rumours  of  peace  that  agitate  us  by  every  fresh  mail—a  peace  that  is  to  put  an  end  to  all  the  evils  and  all  the  miseries  of  war  —are  likely  to  be  better  known  to  you  than  to  us.  Th  e  l  as  t  report  was,  that  Austria  had  consented  to  deliver  the  ultimatum  to  Russia;  and,  00 STYLE=superscript  its  not  being  accepted,  to  join  us  in  compelli  n  g.  the  Czar  to  come  to  terms.  The  general  opinion  in  the  cawp  is,  that  a  peace  will  be  concluded  before  the  spring'  which  opinion  old  grizzly-bearded  veterans,  pining  a  fter,  old  England's  fir  es  id  es  ,  are  stout  in  maintaining;  and  young  downy-moustached  subalterns,  longing  for  E  rlori  and  promotion,  are  equally  stubborn  in  denying.  Be  t STYLE=superscript  i  to  use  the  lan  guage  o  f  our  T  urkish  allies,  it  is  ai',,  written  on  the  fold  e  d  l  eaves  o  f  t  h  e  dark  book  of  destinP.  Since  my  last  letter  we  h  ave  had  one  continuation  01.,  the  same  hard  frost  ;  the  frost  h  as  now  lasted  a  for  t;  night.  Last  night  here  was  a  heavy  fall  of  snow,  ea:  today  it  lies  three  feet  thick,  and  looks  as  if  there  '  4O STYLE=superscript  :  much  more  to  come.  The  men  keep  in  splendid  and  in  lieu  of  more  real  work  employ  themselves  I  I) STYLE=superscript  grand  snowballing  fights.  One  d  e  t  ac  h  ment  makes  I  Malakoff  of  the  snow,  with  defences  and  bastions  complete,  while  another  advances  to  the  assault  u  nder  ,  :  shower  of  sn  ow  b  a  ll  s,  and  as  I  write,  the  shouts  gr°:  stronger  and  stronger.  While  the  soldiers  thus  end  &amp;c.your  to  keep  up  t  h  e  i  r  spirits  the  officers  are  basil  employed  in  getti  ng  up  theatricals,  club-rooms,  c.  l  a  large  hut  in  the  4th  di  v  i  s  i  on,  formerly  used  as  a  French  restaurant.  is  almost  i  n  a  state  of  readiness,  and  h  as STYLE=superscript  been  rigged  up  in  fi  rs  t-  rate  t  h  eatrical  style,  Talking  °  restaurants—why  is  it  that  everything  of  the  kind,  fil  o  the  humblest  canteen,  to  the  new  gorgeous  Fr  en  ch  ca,.,  in  the  3rd  divisiOn,  should  be  left  so  entirely  to  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  enterprising  spirit  of  the  Greeks  and  French  ?  Why  ba  s STYLE=superscript  no  Englishman  come  out  here,  and  provided  at  a  tno°  6 STYLE=superscript  ;  rate  cost  the  requirements  of  our  army  ?  Such  is  speculation  could  not  help  being  most  proCtsebb,  •.  1 STYLE=superscript  is,  the  Greeks  are  enriching  themselves  at  our  expeel  Some  few  English  k  eep  store  h  ouses  at  Kadikoi,  but  the  charges  are  so  exor  bi  tant  as  to  make  them  but  lit  preferable  to  the  rapacious  Greek.  A  general  order  was  read  to  each  regiment  to  day,  011 STYLE=superscript  0  the  subject  of  the  Nightingale  fund,  exhorting  the  nteB  ,  to  contribute  in  hono  ur  o  f  h  er,  who  has  indeed  been  soldiers'  friend.  Camp  before  Sebastopol,  Jan.  5. STYLE=superscript  Yesterday  and  thi  s  morn  i  ng,  the  troops  have  bed  0  amusing  themsel  ves  b  y  snow  b  alling  each  other,  really,  without  exaggeration,  military  tactics  are  °  l STYLE=superscript  c  ,  played  by  th  e  conten  di  ng  parties  that  would  not  113  ,  disgraced  our  greatest  generals.  Before  a  battle  CO  1 STYLE=superscript  :  3 STYLE=superscript  0  mences,  it  is  usua  l  to  construct  a  redoubt,  or  two  or  Or  batteries,  on  each  side,  about  100  yards  apart.  In  tij STYLE=superscript  open  piece  of  groun  d  b  etween  the  works  the  fight  j  9  most  curious.  N  o  di  st  i  nction  is  made  or  shown  dur:l-is  the  contest  betwee  n  the  officer  and  th  e  pr  i  vate.  Snr  are  made,  rifle-pits  est  a  bli  s  h  e  d  ,  and  sometimes  flags  0  - STYLE=superscript  f  truce  arc  hoisted,  all  for  the  purpose  of  taking  ea:  o  other's  works,  on  w  hi  c  h  generally  are  fixed  two  or  tl!  r STYLE=superscript  0  flags  of  diffe  ren  t  co  l  ours.  Some  of  these  flags  are  °lt',  captured  ;  but  the  chief  standard  on  each  side  is  alvvs‘  e  a  make-shift  un  i  on  -j  ac  k  .  This  is  never  fixed  into  t.  O  snow,  but  always  wave  d  over  the  works  by  a  soldier  long  as  it  is  tenable.  The  principal  challenges  giv  e  s  are  are  one  company  against  another,  or  the  right  wing  ° STYLE=superscript  OO  regiment  against  the  left;  but  yesterday  evening,  in  t  o  light  division,  there  was  a  most  hot  contest  between  `„,t  Ist  and  2nd  brigade.  The  middle  ravine  was  the  g  r STYLE=superscript  ,7  1  0  point  in  dispute.  As  one  brigade  charged  down,  other  retired  ;  and  then,  as  the  former  came  almost  1  0  stand-still,  through  being  blown  while  ascending  t STYLE=superscript  e  a  enemy's  side  of  the  ravine,  it  was  sure  to  be  eharg,  d  down  upon,  losing,  in  all  probability,  several  m  e  n  tak:ii  prisoners.  Amongst  the  prisoners  taken  by  the  2 STYLE=superscript  0  brigade,  who  were  i  n  most  cases  dragged  by  their,  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  71  down  the  sid  es  o  f  t  h  e  ravine,  I  noticed  Colonel  we  lesley,  7th  F  us  ili  ers,  Captain  Thynne,  Rifle  Brigade,3  several  other  officers.tog  In  conse  quence  o  f  t  h  e  distance  g,  for  buts,  the  t  ransport  corps  having  failed,  I  h  ear  that  t'W  Ist  and  4th  di  v  i  s  i  ons  have  given  up  the  idea  entirelY..4  hutting  thems  e  l  ves  .  I  n  t  h  e  camp,  for  the  last  tb,1:10  days,  th  e  great  top  i  c  o  f  conversation  has  been  war  4  Peace.  Drunkenness  is  decidedly  on  the  decrease,..  tl  the  troops  never  were  i  n  b  etter  health.  Part  of  'Log  three  Karabelnaia  d  oc  k  s  ,  t  h  e  destruction  of  which  Poi  been  entrusted  to  the  British  engineers,  has  been  b  lO STYLE=superscript  up.  They  have  not  b  een  destroyed  simultaneously,  9 STYLE=superscript  :  a  t  was  anticipatedithey  would  be.  It  is  understood  l STYLE=superscript  u,,  the  entrance  of  th  e  water  into  the  shafts  and  gallet'vto  has  prevented  this  intention  from  being  carried  O  h  s  effect.  One  o  f  t  h  e  t  h  ree  docks  remains  entire,  and  keill  sides  of  the  oth  er  t  wo  h  ave  yet  to  be  destroyed,—SPeel  Correspondence  of  the  Daily  News.  ~  iii  BERLIN,  JAN,  18.—The  participation  of  Prussiao  ie  s  f  e  n  a  c  s  e  s  t  h  f  e  o  p  r  I  p  a  e  c  a  e  c  w  e  h  i  is  r  u  e  n  t  d  h  e  e  r  ya  r  e  discussion.  to  be  el  D  a  .  r  e  s STYLE=superscript  u STYLE=superscript  o  eorSuNßAy.—The  Debra,  has  leading  artieles„d  crisis.  It  is  less  sanguine  than  on  the  two  prerw  e  a  it  sh  the  e  p  Ae  talkedno  n  i  s  f  ,  days,  and  quoting  the  English  journals  agrees  with  tl  l STYLE=superscript  ,  O  that  caution  is  more  than  ever  necessary  a  ga  i  n  st  '&#34;  wiles  of  Russian  diplomacy.  ~;  „e  BERLIN.  SUNDAY.—It  is  rumoured  that  for  the  r.,01  pose  of  admitting  Prussia  to  the  conferences,  the  Vi  r STYLE=superscript  e  s STYLE=superscript  :;ir  Powers  require  from  the  Berlin  cabinet  certain  gtos,  c  i  , STYLE=superscript  tees  in  case  the  negotiations  should  not  produce  Ind  It  is  also  rumoured  on  'Change  that  the  Dor  e STYLE=superscript  Napoleon  bas  consented  to  an  armistice.  tb  . STYLE=superscript  The  Daily  News  observes  that,  according  to  ,  i  0  language  of  Count  &amp;tors  circular  to  Count  Valeol'  e  d  Esterhazy,  the  Austrian  proposals  are  not  We  l STYLE=superscript  od  a  basis  of  negotiation  but  preliminaries  of  peace,  6 STYLE=superscript  01  hence  the  conclusion  of  a  peace  can  only  be  preve,  ii STYLE=superscript  t  of  by  equivocal  indications  of  insincerity  on  the  P  t  ifs,  Russia  in  her  acceptance  of  them.  The  industry  of  France  and  England  is  at  present  pars,  AS  by  that  uncertainty  which  can  only  be  terminated  11 STYLE=superscript  0  0  immediate  peace,  or  a  speedy  rupture  of  negocia  i  t!  to  ts  and  no  abatement  oan  be  made  in  the  war  expenu  l STYLE=superscript  t  st  i STYLE=superscript  of  either  country,  until  it  is  certain  that  war  is  3 STYLE=superscript  end.  t  ve  The  Lond  on  P  ost  says  :--The  Weste  rn  P  ower  s  0  - STYLE=superscript  ,  4  0  .  ,  ° STYLE=superscript  o STYLE=superscript  to  the  wo  r  ld  t  h  at  peace  be  not  made  without  tangible  evidence  that  Russia  was  restrained,  iil STYLE=superscript  laii:  time  to  come,  from  persevering  in  her  aggressions.  ec  iP  is  the  o  r  i  g  i  n  o  f  the  stipulation,  for  power  to  make  sPits,i  conditions  which  at  fir  s  t  cause  d  R  ussia  so  much  beviti,  tion.  The  conditions  themselves  are  perfectly  ti  f  known  to  Austria,  and,  probably,  in  an  indirect  ~4  unofficial  way,  to  Prussia  also.  These  special  co  u  oc  i  t  are  now  the  hinge  of  the  whole  question.  Englan  d STYLE=superscript  f  itl STYLE=superscript  ;  France  will  not  avail  themselves  of  their  miliis  v  naval  successes  to  claim  cessions  inconsistent  wit  h STYLE=superscript  ..  t  or,  •  high  and  unselfish  purpose  with  which  they  u  nd  c  e  i  '  l  ,  o  the  war.  But  if  proper  conditions  be  demandfot  17 STYLE=superscript  granted,  the  most  ardent  advocates  of  the  war  0  3 STYLE=superscript  .  4  O  f  satisfied,  and  every  excuse  for  its  further  prosecutluo  to  taken  away.  If  the  Emperor  Alexander  be  eari  le STYLE=superscript  co  ce  g STYLE=superscript  :,  peace  he  u  ill  only  be  too  glad  to  be  let  off'  with  c STYLE=superscript  p,l  sions  so  reason  a  bl  e.  In  the  meantime  all  goes  o  fle  d'  before,  until  R  ussia  shall  have  accepted  our  'p  Ol'  il  , STYLE=superscript  conditions,  when  an  arm  i  st  i  ce  may  be  proclaimed,  time  for  the  p  re  li  m  i  nary  arrangements,  to  be  into  final  terms  of  agreement,"
