text
"heard  in  the  1  magnificent  dinner,  presided  over  by  the  Chirman  of  the  Company,  at  which  1;500  persons  were  assembled.  On  the  right  of  the  chairman  was  the  Lieut.  Governor,  and  on  the  left  Commodore  Shubrick.  The  evening's  entertainments  KCIIEc  cft  town  yesterday  morn  rHE  PENSIONERS.—The  (bled  Tester(  under  the  command  of  Capt  Swan,  for  week's  - STYLE=superscript  exercis6  STEAM-ENGINES  SENT  ABRCLII).-It  1S  shown  by  official  returns  that  in  the  month  ended  the  sth  ult.  the  de declared  clared declared  value  of  steam  engines  and  parts  of  steam-engine's  exported  Was  £63,928,  while  at  the  like  period  of  the  last  year  the  amount  was  £36,710.  IMPORTATIONS  OF  POTATOES.—It  appears  from  an  official  document  just  issued,  that  in  the  month  ended  the  sth  ult,  there  were  9,838  cwt.  of  potatoes  imported  against  1,896  cwt.  at  the  same  period  of  last  year.  .They  are  free  of  duty.  •  FUNERAL  OF  MADAME  MENDELSSOTIN:---ThD  Widd\S  of  the  late  Felix  Mendelssohn  Bartholdy,  who  expired  at  Frankfort  some  days  ago,  at  the  residence  of  her  mother,  after  a  fortnight's  illness,  was  buried  on  the  28th  Alt.,  with  great  ceremony.  Madame  Mendelssohn  was  only  thirty:  five  years  of  age.  She  has  left  four  orphans  to  lament  her.  The  Minister  of  Finance  .has  uat.holised.  M.  Bil Billaud,  laud, Billaud,  the  syndic  of,  the  ageris-de-change,  to  make  an  ar arrangement  rangement arrangement  with  the  chairman  of  the  stock  brokers  of  Lon London,  don, London,  for  the  simultaneous  publication  the  same  day,  daring  Bourse  hours,  at  Paris  and  London,  of  the  public  funds.  These  quotations  will  be  officially  placarded..  - STYLE=superscript  :The  measure  commenced  being  carried  into  execution  from  this:  day.  ACCIDENT  ON  THE'  GREAT  NORTHERN  RAILWAY.  —  On  Saturday  morning,  as  a  coal  train.  from  Doneastv  was  proceeding  to  the  south,  the  axletree  of  one  of  the  carriages  broke  near  the  Bawtry  station,  trt  I  several  . STYLE=superscript  of  the,  trucks  were  thrown  of  -the  line,  some  of  them  very  much  sl4attered,  and  the  others  more  or  less  damaged.  The  rafts  were  torn  up  for  a  considerable  distance,  and  the  road  -being  also  covered  with  coals  and  the  debris  of  the  carriages,  it  was  quite  blocedup..._  -  _  TAE'  . STYLE=superscript  PEA6E  CONFERENCE-The•  Peace  Qonfer Qonferenee,  enee, Qonferenee,  which  meets  at  Edinburgh  to  morrow,  is  to  extend  over  two  days.  In  addition  to  Messrs.  Cobden  )and  Bright,  and  the  other  members  of  Parliament  already  announced  )  the  following  names  have  been  sent  in  :—Mr.  Hadfield,  M.P.,  Mr.  Hindley,  M.P.,  Mr.  J.  B:  Smith,  M,  P.,  and  Mr.  L.  Heyworth,  M.P.  The  principle  on  which  the  conference  will  be  constituted,  and  which  those  who  become  members  of  it  will  be'  assumed  to  acknow acknowledge,  ledge, acknowledge,  is  the  following  That  an  appeal  to  arms  for  the  settlement  of  international  differencies  is  a  custom  conderined  by  religion,  reason,  justice,  humanity,  and  the  interest  of  Resolutions  will  bo  submitted  to  the  .  conferenc  - STYLE=superscript  e  on  the  tollowing  topics  :—The  use  of  moral  and  social  influence,  by  means  of  a  better'  education  of  youth,  by  the  pulpit;  the  platform,  and  the  press,-in  order  to  eradicate  international  prejudices  and  animosities.  The  reference  of  national  misunder misunderstandings  standings misunderstandings  to  arbitration.  The  adoption,  by  the  Goirernments  of  Europe,  of  a  system  of  mutual  and'  simultaneous  disarma disarmament.  ment. disarmament.  The  strict  observance  of  the  principle  oftion-interVei oftion-interVeition,  tion, oftion-interVeition,  on  the  part  of  one  State,  in  the  affairs  of  another.  The  revisal  of  the  present  colonial  system  of  this  country,  so  tending  to  augment  our  military  expenditure,  and  to  involve  us  ine  a  constant  succession  of  distant  wars.  The  necessity  of  revising  those  treaties  which  bind  this  country  tto  interfere  by  force  of  arms  in  the  affairs  of  other  nations.  ROBBERS  SCARE)  BY  A  COCKATOO  —An  attempt  was  made  to  rob  a  house  in  Rutland  Crescent,  Glasgow,  on  Saturday  last,  before  daybreak,.admisSion  having  been  cained  by  placing  a  ladder  against  a  window.to  the  rc  The  rob-  bero,  after  entering  the  hot  -  room.  in  which  there  was  a  quan  tit  y  o  f  Over  plate,  were  alarmed  by  the  crie  s  o  f  a  coc  k  a  t  o  O,  an  d  compe  ll  e  d  to'  beat  a  theix  way  t.  9  a  precipitate  retreat  without  touching  au  artic  AGENTS  IN  Mr.  Kerrigan  Mr.  Cooper.  E.  &amp;  C.  Mulls  *fr.  Luteliffe.  THE  .  COUNTRY  !Preston  I  essrs.  Wort  Birmingham  ).-  Walker  Burnl'y  Bolton  800t1e....  Barnsfeu  Samuel  Gardn  Mr.  Ewati.  Richard  Pybu!  'Horatio  Lawson  I  Roach  ;3  Crewe..  Chester  Mary.  Cotton.  Dovglas  Holyhen,  Huddersfield,  Hyde..  Macclesfield  Orvzskirk  Prescot„,  ,  Preston  t.  kelen.  Stock  :port  %Viliiam  Mills.  Isaac  Sharpe.  Thomas  Butler  It.  Johnson.  Samuel  Bailey  R.  Riley,  Mrs.  Quigiins.  H.  G.  Hughes.  Wigan  Edward  Clayton.  Woo/to  George  Booth.  Wigan  .  Mr.  Shuttleworth  „  .  Williatp  Garside.  .  Thomas  Traverse  ,  Jona  Lamberts  Strickland.  Messrs.  Hutch.  ings  &amp;  Roberts.  Mrs.  Ramsdale.  13,  Beck*,"
