text
"THE  EASTERN  QUESTION.  FROM  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDENT.  LONDON,  MONDAY  NIGHT.  Though  the  decision  of  our  own  Cabinet,  as  well  as  that  of  France,  is,  that  the  independence  and  integrity  of  Turkey  are  to  be  supported  to  the  last  extremity,  the  organs  of  the  ministry  speak  with  much  reserve.  They  concur  in  - STYLE=superscript  declaring  that  Turkey  cannot  be  sacrificed,  but  affect  great  mode moderation  ration moderation  in  referring  to  the  means  by  which  that  object  is  to  be  attained  . STYLE=superscript  .  They.wish  all  the  means  of  conciliation  to  be  exhausted  before  assuming  to  speak  in  the  tone  which  their  material  preparations  would  justify.  It  is  understood,  too,  that  'the  British  Cabinet  is  annoyed  at  the  tone  which  has  been  taken  at  the  metropolitan  and  Othermeetings  against  Russia.  They  fear  it  may  tend  to  embarrass  the  means  of  arriving  at  a  pacific  solution,  and  wish  to  retain  all  opinion  within  their  own  command,  lest  the  present  state  of  complication  should  be  rendered  hopeless.  They  are,  as  lam  told,  even  apprehen apprehensive  sive apprehensive  of  Russia  declaring  war  against  us,  on  .the  double  ground  of  our  aid  to  Turkey  ;  and  the  hostile  tone  of  British  feeling  towards  the  Czar.  These  apprehensions  are  unworthy  of  any  British  Minis Ministry.  try. Ministry.  That  they  have  existed,  however,  on  the  part  of  a  minority  in  the  Cabinet,  I  have  every  reason  to  believe,  though  there  is  unanimity  upon  the  point  of  maintaining  Turkey  against  Russian  encroachment.  Letters  from  Constantinople  have  been  received  to-day,  but  they  do  not  ,  contain  any  more  news  than  we  had  received  before  by  telegraph.  There  is  no  doubt  as  to  the  Sultan  having  declared  war  against  Russia;  but  there  is  some  ambiguity  on  the  point,  whether  the  instrument  was  to  take  effect  in  four  weeks  from  its  date,  in  order  to  afford  the  Russians  an  opportunity  of  evacuating  the  Princi Principalities,  palities, Principalities,  or  immediately.  The  former  is  most  likely,  particularly  as  the  season  will  prevent  immediate  serious  movements  upeil  any  considerable  scale.  It  is  said  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  received  the  news  of  this  Declaration  at  Warsaw,  and  that  it  rendered  him  furious.  Of  course  it  would.  It  is  added,  too,  that  it  dissipated  the  pacific  ideas  he  had  expressed  at  Olmutz.  This  is  not  so  likely.  •  In  the  mean  time  the  harmonious  action  between  the  Governments  of  this  country  and  France  con continues,  tinues, continues,  Louis  Napoleon  having  stood  proof  against  the  temptations  held  out  to  him  to  withdraw  from  the  English  alliance.  A  well-informed  correspond correspondent  ent correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chronicle  says  :--  the  question  of  peace  or  war  approaches  to  a  crisis,  it  is  gratifying  to  find  that  the  attitude  assumed  by  the  French  Government  becomes  more  and  more  firm.  Louis  Napoleon  and  his  Ministers  express  their  firm  determin determination  ation determination  to  adhere  to  the  English  alliance,  whatever  may  hap happen  pen happen  ;  and  declare  that  they  are  determined  to  support  Turkey,  not  only  by  force  of  arms,  but  to  the  utmost  of  their  power.  Orders  have  been  g  iven  for  the  concentration  of  troops,  as  if  it  were  felt  that  a  struggle  was  inevitable.  A  large  body  of  troops  is  to  be  directed  towards  Toulon,  where  they  will  be  prepared  to  embark  for  the  East  at  a  few  days'  notice.  In  the  event—the  probable  event—of  its  being  necessary  to  despatch  troops,  the  intention  is  to  form  a  depot  in  the  island  of  Candia,  which  will  be  the  head-quarters  of  both  the  French  and  English  troops.  and  to  which  stores  and  amunition  will  be  directed.  Should  this  demonstra demonstration  tion demonstration  not  to  be  sufficient,  and  should  the  Turkish  capital  be  threatened,  a  large  body  of  troops  will  be  despatched  for  Constantinople,  and  that  place  will  be  occupied  by  a  con conbined  bined conbined  French  and  English  army.  You  are  already  aware  that  the  French  auxiliary  army  will  be  much  more  numerous  than  that  of  England  ;  and  it  is  understood  to  have  been  arranged,  long  since,  between  the  two  Governments,  that  the  ,  land  forces  are  to  be  commanded  by  a  French  general,  while  the  naval  forces  will  be  placed  under  the  command  of  the  English  Yet,  in  London,  we  know  nothing  whatever  of  any  auxiliary  army  being  collected  to  proceed  to  Cadiz,  however  probable  such  a  contingency  may  be.  If  such  a  force  as  was  mentioned  the  other  day,  10,000  men,  is  to  be  sent  out,  it  is  being  pre prepared  pared prepared  in  the  most  unostentatious  way  possible;  it  will  be  sent  out  in  small  detachments,  from  many  different  parts,  probably  a  few  from  Corfu,  and  will  only  be  concentrated  upon  arriving  at  its  destina destination.  tion. destination.  I  understand  that  the  military  authorities  at attached  tached attached  to  the  Honorable  Company's  service  here,  have  not  been  unmindful  observers  of  the  progress  of  the  Russian  arms  towards  the  East.  Many  bar barren  ren barren  wastes  and  rocky  deserts  will  have  to  be  tra traversed  versed traversed  before  the  Czar  can  affect  us  in  that  quarter.  Still  it  is  satisfactory  to  know  that  our  eyes  are  upon  him.  The  following  biographical  notice  of  the  Turkish  commander  in  Chief  is  translated  from  the  Debats  ;  and  will  be  read  with  interest  at  this  moment  :  It  is  known  that  the  chief  command  of  the  Turkish  army  in  Bulgaria  has  been  confided  to  Omer  Pacha,  considered  the  best  general  in  the  Sultan's  service.  The  following  .  is  a  biographical  sketch  of  that  personage  :—Omer  Pacha  is  an  Austrian  subject,  born  in  Crotia.  His  family  name  is  Lattas.  His  father  was  lieutenant-administrator  of  the  circle,  and  his  uncle  a  priest  of  the  Greek  religion.  Young  Latas  was  admitted  very  young  into  the  mathematical  school  of  Thurm,  near  Carlstadt,  in  Transylvania,  and  after  having  completed  his  studies  with  distinction,  entered  the  corps  of  Ponts-et-Chaussees,  which  in  Austria  is  military  organized.  It  was  towards  1830,  that,  after  some  discussion  with  his  superior,  he  proceeded  to  Turkey  and  embraced  'simian.  Chosrew-Pacha,  who  was  then  general-in-chief  of  the  army,  took  him  under  his  protection,  made  him  enter  the  regular  army  t  and  attached  him  to  his  person.  He  even  gave  him  for  wife  his  ward,  one  of  the  richest  heiresses  in  Constanti Constantinople,  nople, Constantinople,  daughter  of  a  leader  of  Janissaries,  whose  head  he  had  cut  off  in  1827,  when  that  body  revolted  against  Sultan  Ma Mahomed.  homed. Mahomed.  In  1834,  Lattas,  who  had  taken  the  name  of  Omer  was  already  chef  de  bataillon,  and  was  appointed  by  Chessew-  Pacha,  as  aide-de-camp  and  interpreter  of  General  Chzahow Chzahowski,  ski, Chzahowski,  charged  with  the  instruction  of  the  Ottoman  troops  col collected  lected collected  in  a  camp  near  Constantinople.  Omer  was  then  em employed  ployed employed  in  the  reorganisation  of  the  Turkish  army,  and  still  pushed  on  by  Chossew-Pacha,  he  obtained  successive  diffi difficult  cult difficult  missions  and  important  commands.  The  troubles  of  Syria  and  the  Albanian  insurrection  of  1846  gave  him  an  oc occasion  casion occasion  to  distinguish  himself,  and  to  attract  the  attention  of  the  Sultan.  '  Being  sent  into  Kurdistan,  he  succeeded  in  re reducing  ducing reducing  that  province,  which  was  almost  independent  of  the  Ottoman  empire.  In  1848,  being  appointed  to  the  com command  mand command  of  the  corps  d'armee  sent  into  the  provinces  of  Mol Moldavia  davia Moldavia  and  Wallachia,  he  knew  how  to  make  the  authority  of  the  Sultan  respected  there,  whilst  showing  considera consideration  tion consideration  to  the  susceptibilities  and  privileges  of  these  pro provinces,  vinces, provinces,  placed  under  the  double  protection  of  Turkey  and  Russia.  The  year  1851  is  the  most  brilliant  period  of  Omer  Pacha's  military  career.  Being  named  commander-in-chief  in  Bosnia,  of  which  the  principal  chiefs  had  refused  to  recog-.  nise  the  Tanzimat,  that  is,  the  new  organization  of  the  Empire,  he  successfully  fought  against  the  Beys  with  in inferior  ferior inferior  forces.  Lastly,  he  was  sent  out  to  Montenegro,  where  he  found  himself  for  the  first  time  at  the  head  of  a  regular  army  of  30,000  men.  It  may  be  remembered  that  the  inter intervention  vention intervention  of  Austria  put  an  end  to  that  expedition  before  he  could  commence  decisive  operations.  At  present  Omer  Pacha  is  at  Schumla,  at  the  head  of  100,000  men  •  he  dis displays,  plays, displays,  it  is  said,  great  activity,  and  is  occupied  in  fortifying  the  country  which  may  become  the  seat  of  war.  Omer  Pacha  is  52  years  old,  short  in  stature,  but  with  a  physiognomy  full  of  martial  expression.  He  speaks  with  equal  facility  Servian,  Italian,  and  German.  After  the  insurrection  of  Hungary  he  took  up  the  defence  of  the  refuges,  whose  extradition  was  called  for  by  Austria  and  Russia.  He  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  in  person  to  Schumla,  where  he  made  the  acquaint acquaintance  ance acquaintance  of  the  principal  members  of  the  emigration,  and  on  his  arrival  at  Constantinople  he  intervened  warmly  in  their  favour  with  the  Sultan.  He  took  several  of  them  with  him  to  Bosnia  and  Montenegro,  and  entrusted  them  with  impor important  tant important  commands.  Some  of  the  refuges  distinguished  them themselves  selves themselves  there,  and  remained  in  the  service  of  The  City  has  been  tranquil  to-day.  Most  of  the  public  securities  have  maintained,  and  even  im improved,  proved, improved,  their  values.  •  FRANCE  THE  correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chronicle,  writing  from  Paris  on  Sunday  evening,  on  the  Tuykish  question,  The  general  belief  is,  notwithstanding  the  Jesuitical  denial  of  the  Patrie,  that  General  Canrobert  is  to  have  command  of  the  expedition  to  Constantinople.  It  is  reported  here  to-day,  but  I  do  not  know  upon  what  authority,  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  had  received  accounts  via  Berlin  of  the  proclamation  of  war  against  him  by  the  Porte;  that  his  Imperial  Majesty  was  furious  on  receiving  the  news  ;  and  that  he  immediately  esponded  tothe  defiance  by  giving  orders  to  declare  war  against  the  The  visit  of  the  Emp  ,  eror  and  Empress  to  Com Compiegne  piegne Compiegne  has  been  postponed  to  the  12th.  The  Patrie  says  Several  foreign  journals  have  announced  that  the  French  corps  of  occupation  at  Rome  is  about  to  be  increased.  We  are  authorised  to  give  the  most  formal  contradiction  to  this  asser 'assertion.'  The  Progris,  a  paper  published  at  Arras,  has  re received  ceived received  a  for  its  attacks  on  the  religious  and  judicial  authorities:  This  is  the  sixth  paper  warned  within  a  short  time.  The  Emperor  has  conferred  the  order  of  Cheva Chevalier  lier Chevalier  of  the  Legion  of  Honour  on  M.  G.  Gttibert,  of"
