text
"THE  EASTERN  COUNTIES  RAILWAY  Yesterday  afternoon  a  special  general  meeting  of  the  share shareholders  holders shareholders  in  this  company  was  held  at  the  London  Tavern,  in  ,pursuance  of  a  regnisition  to  the  directors,  dated  the  20th  of  December;  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  consideration  the  general  position  of  the  board  of  directors,  and  the  state  of  the  company's  affairs,  and  to  adopt  such  measures  as  might  be  deemed  necessary,  and  could  be  legally  taken,  for  the  due  and  proper  administration  of  their  affairs.  Mr.  Waddington,  M.P.,  the  chairman  of  the  board  of  directors,  entered  at  one  o'clock,  and  was  received  with  loud  applause  by  his  friends,  and  with  furious  yelling  on  the  part  of  his  opponents.  Who  cheering!greatly  pred  minated.  Mr.  Sergeant  Gaselee'appealed  to  the  meeting  gtia  the  chairman  whether  the  latter  would  not  best  consult  his  own  feelings  and  that  of  the  meeting  by  retiring  from  the  chair  that  day,  instead  of  presiding  over  the  proceedings.  The  Chairman  (Mr.  Waddington)  said,  that  on  the  7th  of  December  there  was  a  resolution  passed  in  that  room,  requesting  that  he  should  leave  the  chair.  He  then  stated,  that  until  the  shareholders  had  an  opportunity  of  reading  that  statement  which  he  should  put  forth,  giving  an  explanation  of  his  conduct,  and  defending  himself  against  the  charges  made,  he  would  not  leave  the  chair.  On  the  II  th  of  December  a  special  board  of  directors  was  held,  when  those  directors  felt  it  to  be  their  duty  to  request  that  he  should  cease  to  be  a  director  of  the  company.  He  told  them  what  he  told  the  shareholders,  which  was,  that  he  had  a  complete  answer  to  the  charge,  and  that  that  answer  should  be  forwarded  within  a,  given  time,  He  redeemed  his  pledge,  and  the  shareholders  were  assembled  to-day  to  decide  whether  or  not  he  had  satis  -  factorily  answered  the  accusations  against  him.  As  the  shareholders  decided  that  day,  so  should  be  his  deter determination  mination determination  whether  or  not  he  took  any  part  in  the  direction  of  the  affairs  of  the  company.  Until  that  time,  he  should  retain  his  seat  as  chairman.  (Applause  and  hisses.)  Mr.  Bruce  (director)  referred  to  a  pamphlet  that  had  been  published,  stating  that  there  was  nothing  but  anarchy  and  confusion  at  the  board.  He  referred  to  the  charges  he  brought  against  the  directors  at  the  meeting  in  Aup  last,  ;which;  he  contended,  had  not  bees  denied,  not  disproved.  He  would  do  his  bast  whilst  he  remained  a  director  to  procure  for  them  a  proper  state statement  ment statement  of  their  accounts,  but  he  should  decline  taking  any  part  in  the  administration  of  the  affairs  if  they  re-elected  Mr.  Waddington  as  their  chairman.  He  again  condemned  the  past  et:lnduct  of  the  •  chairman;  and  concluded  by  moving  that  the  meeting  dotifirni  the  resolution  of  the  meeting  in  August  last,  appointing  the  conxmittee  of  in investigation,  vestigation, investigation,  and  requests  them  to  continue  their  labours  till  the  general  meeting  in  February  next.  Dr.  Reilly  seconded  the  motion.  Mr.  Goodson  denied  the  statements  that  had  been  put  forth  bj  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Time  with  reference  to  the  manner  of  obtaining  proxies,  and  ,nioidd  art  amendment  to  the  effect  that  the  committee  of  investigation  should  be  dissolved,  and  that  the  chairman  had  fully  met  and  answered  the  charges  that  had  been  brought  against  him.  Mr.  W  Tegg  seconded  .  the  amendment.  Mr.  Helps  said  that  the  directors  had  exceeded  their  powers,  and  had  misapplied  funds,  as  trustees,  without  in  the  slightest  degree  consulting  the  interests  of  the  share shareholders,  holders, shareholders,  no  man  could  doubt.  He  did  not  propose  to  con consider  sider consider  this  question  as  to  its  legal  bearings,  but  by  analys analysing  ing analysing  the  statements  the  chairman  had  put  forth  in  vindica vindication  tion vindication  of  his  claracter.  The  speaker  then  entered  into  other  statements  pit  forth  by  the  chairman  relative  to  the  net  earnings  of  the  line,  the  bead  debt,  the  dividend,  &amp;c.,  and  then  read  various  extracts  from  the  evidence  reflecting  on  the  chairman's  conduct.  In  conclusion,  he  said  that,  tipon  the  evidence  he  had  read,  he  found  Mr.  Waddington  wholly  unworthy  of  the  confideride  f  the  shareholder's:  Mr.  Norris  (one  of  the  committee  of  investigation);  addressed  the  meeting  at  some  length,  reiterating  the  charges  brought  against  the  chairman.  The  Chairman  replied  with  some  force,  and  charged  the  committee  with  damaging  the  property  of  the  com company.  pany. company.  He  was  satisfied  that  his  character  had  been  Vindicated,  since  he  held  proxiesi  rrepresenting  £1,379,000  stock,  and  2,025  votes,  whilst  Mr.  Lewis's  proxies  only.  represented  £231,000  stock  and  4,299  votes.  Upon  a  show  of  hands,  the  amendment  was  negatived  by  an  enormous  majority,  but  a  poll  was  demanded,  which  will  finally  close  and  be  declared  on  Tuesday  next.  The  Belgian  Steam  Transatlantic  Company's  steam steamship  ship steamship  Belgique,  l STYLE=superscript  ;put  back  into  Southampton,  on  Thursday  evening,  having  one  of  her  boilers  burnt,  and  her  main mainmast  mast mainmast  sunk,  and  about  Ave  feet  of  water  in  her  hold.  She  went  into  dock  yesterday.  To  our  young  friends  who  are  aspirants  for  celebrity  in  the  art  of  penmanship,  and  still  further  to  qualify  them themselves  selves themselves  for  the  duties  of  a  mercantile  life,  we  cannot  recommend  them  to  pursue  a  better  course  than  place  themselves  under  the  tuition  of  lgessrs.  Thompson,  of  Clayton.square,  whose  success  i,  commensurate  with  the  multitudinous  results  they  have  attained  for  their  pupils.  LIMEKILN-LANE  MUTUAL  IMPROVE'rENT  SOCIETY.  —The  members  of  this  society  met  on  Wednesday  night  for  the  discussion  of  the  various  systems  of  Decimal  and  after  a  debate  which  showed  a  very  earnest  spirit  of  inquiry  among  the  members.  it  was  decided  to  petition  Parliament  to  reform  our  system  by  introducing  a  decimal  system,  with  the  farthing  as  the  basis.  The  chairman  announced  Lthat  the  subject  for  next  Wednesday  was,  eloquence  or  music  exercise  the  greatest  influ influence  ence influence  The  Journal  des  Debats  publishes  a  letter  from  Berlin,  dated  the  21st,  which  states,  that  in  a  cabinet  council  held  that  day,  at  which  the  King  presided,  it  was  decided  that  Prussia  should  take  no  initiative  in  reference  to  the  participation  of  Prussia  in  the  peace  conferences,  and  should  make  no  concessions  susceptible  of  changing  her  actual  position.  The  will  of  the  late  Thomas  Cubitt,  Esq.,  is  one  of  the  longest  on  record,  and  extends  to  336  Chancery  folios,  covering  thirty  Skins  of  parchment.  The  personal  estates  exceed  one  million  (termed  in  law  of  upper  value),  and  is  charged  with  the  highest  amount  in  the  scale  of  pro probate  bate probate  duty,  the  stamp  being  £15,000.  The  widow  has  an  immediate  bequest  of  .e  20,000,  and  an  annuity  of  £B,OOO.  THE  ANTI-SCRIPTURE  READER  CRUSAD  E  .  -  Since  the  beginning  of  the  present  year  the  anti-Scripture  r  ea  d  er  crusade  has  increased  in  intensity,  and  the  readers  have  been  repeatedly  assaulted  at  Grange's-road,  Upper  Patrick-street,  and  Walkin-street.  In  the  latter  locality,  on  Monday,  they  were  pelted  with  stones,  and  covered  with  filth.  It  is,  however,  right  to  state  that  the  better  class  of  the  people,  generally  of  the  humblest  ranks,  who  inhabit  those  suburbs,  begin  to  manifest  no  small  degree  of  shame  and  indignation  at  the  conduct  of  those  of  their  co-religionists  who  take  part  in  these  scenes,  and  the  outrages  are  confined  to  a  rabble  of  children.  These  dis disgraceful  graceful disgraceful  exhibitions  no  doubt  would  long  since  have  ceased  in  Kilkenny,  were  they  not  instigated  and  fomented  by  influential  parties  behind  the  scenes.—Kilkennv  Moderator.  ACCIDENTAL  POISONING  —On  Tuesday  afternoon  three  gentlemen  were  accidentally  poisoned  at  a  dinner  party  at  Provost  M'lver's  house,  Dingwall,,tScotland.  It  appears  that  the  party  consisted  of  Provost  M'lver,  Mr.  L.  M.  Mackenzie  (of  Findon),  two  Catholic  priests,  and  several  ladies.  After  dinner,  and  when  the  ladiesthad  retired,  the  gentlemen  were  seized  with  pains  in  the  throat  and  mouth,  and  in  half  an  hour  the  two  priests  and  Mr.  Mac Mackenzie  kenzie Mackenzie  were  dead.  Provost  M'lver  was  in  a  hopeless  state  yesterday  morning.  The  case  is  undergoing  inves investigation.  tigation. investigation.  it  is  believed  that  the  roast  meat  was  garnished  with  hemlock,  and  that  the  wine  excited  the  chemical  action  of  the  poison.  The  names  of  the  priests  are  the  Rev.  James  Gordon  Beanley  and  the  Rev.  Angus  Mac Mackenzie  kenzie Mackenzie  Eskdale.  Mr.  Mackenzie  was  about  to  become  son-in-law  to  Lord  Lovat.  None  of  the  lAdies  were  affected.  FALL  OF:THE  WALLS  OF  MESSRS.  HOPKINSON'S  FACTORY.  —On  Thursday  morning  about  11  o'clock,  the  gale  of  wind  which  prevailed  at  intervals  throughout  the  day,  being  then  at  its  highest,  the  great  mass  of  brickwork  forming  the  eastern  and  south  eastern  wal's  of  the  recently  destroyed  pianoforte  factory,  in  the  New  road,  St.  Pancras,  fell  to  the  ground  with  a  tremendous  crash.  A  chandler's  shop  in  Fitzroy-row,  adjoining  .  the  factory,  with  the  houses  on  each  side,  numbered  respectively  34  and  35,  was  buried  in  the  falling  mass,  and  rendered  a  complete  heap  of  ruins.  The  screams  of  women  and  children  wore  heard  is  every  direc direction,  tion, direction,  but  a  strong  body  of  the  S  division  of  police  from  Albany-street  station  having  arrived,  and  labourers  being  procured,  steps  were  taken  for.  removing  the  rubbi  s  h.  S  even  or  eight  persons  were  got  out  'in  an  insensible  state,  and  conveyed  at  once  to  the  University  College  Hosp  ital.  It  is  a  remarkable  as  well  as  fortunate  circumstance  that  of  the  seven  taken  to  the  hospital  six  were  sufficiently  recovered  to  leave  in  the  course  of  the  day.  Several  poor  families  have  lost  all  their  furniture  by  the  occurrence.  ACT  AGAINST  THE  IMPORTATION  OF  IRISHMEN.—There  was  an  amusing  act  of  Parliament  passed  in  1425,  which  was  entitled,  Scotchmen  should  bring  nae  man  furtb  of  Ireland  without  ane  It  was  explained  in  the  act  that  this  was  not  done  break  the  auld  friendship  between  the  people  of  Scotland  and  the  Irishry  of  In  connection  with  this  act  there  was  a  good  story  told  of  a  scene  between  Lord  Meadowbank,  now  Mr.  Maconochie,  and  Daniel  O'Connell,  which  occurred  in  the  course  of  a  debate  in  the  House  of  Commons.  Daniel  O'Connell  had  made  a  very  violent  attack  upon  the  Scotch  statute  book,  and  maintained  that  the  whole  of  the  old  Scotch  acts  of  parliament  were  relics  of  a  barbarous  age,  not  founded  upon  right  reason  or  sound  policy  ;  upon  which  Mr.  Maconochie  rose  up  and  begged  to  dispute  the  accuracy  of  Mr.  O'CoinnelPs  statement,  for,  so  far  back  as  1425,  there  was  an  act  passed  in  Scotland  a  gainst  the  importation  of  the  Irish:  (Laughter  and  applause.)—  Sheriff  Barclay's  Lecture  at  Dundee.  TRADE  REPORT.-FRIDAY  --......-----•---.  The  improved  tone  noticed  in  the  Ccittort  market,  at  the  close  of  last  week,  has  continued  throughout  the  present,  and  considerable  activity  and  more  cheerfulness  have  prevailed.  In  American  a  good  business  has  been  transacted;  asking  generally  are  considerably  above  quotations,  bat  a  sufficient  supply  of  reasonable  Cotton  being  offered  to  satisfy  the  daily  requirements,  prices  are  barely  1-16  d.  per  lb.  dearer.  Brazil  and  Egyptian  are  steady  with  rather  more  enquiry  for  the  latter.  Surat  in  good  request,  and  slightly  dearer.  The  weekly  sales  are  reported  70,220  bales,  of  which  10,400  are  on  speculation,  and  10,270  for  export.  COTTON  GAMBIE  OLIVE  OIL  :  5  tuns  Sevil  £5O  103  to  £5l  SIIUMA  PricespaidiCurrt.  Prices  this  week-]  Mid.  Fair.  )0  bags  at  119  6d  &amp;RINA  :  10  ton  AGO  FLOUR  :  800  1  TRAT,E  Is  54c1,  no  seller  Is  6.1,'1s  64d  no  Lption.  T  Stocks  12?  5;  1222053  61  f  57480  44150  3570  63390  ved  at  75s  6d  to  £5  10s,  1  103;  10  tune  Lisbm  at  at  Glasgow  Ils  9d  ,gs  offered  at  auction,  21s  only  bid.  ayerS  at  Is  61;  1  t  ,  .  110  s  ;  discolourea,  ping,  3  brown  :  good,  100  Div'  :  LINSEED  01  IN  VII  100  tons  at  £l2,  :  20  tons  at  £4l  Sellers  at  rALLO  V  for  March  delivery  at  SIPAN  WOOD  sold,  at  4  every  duc'ed,  and  1;  cream,  grey,  105  s  to  107  s  6d  intimo's,  90s  to  92s  ad.  non  American'  Ratail  sal  LtRD  is  retailing  at  653  to  6  AD  scarce,  and  much  wanted"
