text
"IRELAND  (PROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  MONDAY  .EVENING.  THE  FLOODS  IN  THE  SOUTH.  The  latest.  news  from  Cork  announce  the  entire  appearance  of  the  west  of  the  city  to  be  one  of  devastation  Along  the  roads  and-the,  streets  the  ground  resembles  a  sea  strand,  and  large  holes  have  been  torn  up  here  and  there,  which  remain  filled  with  water.  The  parlours  and  kitchens  -of  the  houSes  were  inundated,  and  the  adjacent  fields  till  remain  flooded  to  the  depth  of  seven  or  eight  feet...  Trees  lie  along,  torn  up  by  the  roots,  and  large  walls  overthrown,  and  the  masonry  scattered  abCiut.  The  houses  at  the  corner  of  iho  Carrig Carrigrohane  rohane Carrigrohane  road  were  submerged  to  such  a  degree  that  the  inhabitants  had  to  forsake  them,  and  nar-  rowly  escaped  destruction  in  doing  so.  Several  mills  in  the  vicinity  have  been  obliged  to  cease  working,  and  the  road  to.  Ballincollig  is  altogether  tupassible.  The  gaol  bridge  is  also  unfit  for  use,  .nd  the  only  wonder  is  that  it  was  not  totally  de de_  _ de_  iolished.  At  Mardyke,  a  twenty  ton  barge  was  eposited  in  one  of  the  gardens  by  the  flood.  When  the  flood  was  at  its  height,  Mr.  Joyce,  the  governor  of  the  county  gaol,  came  to  Mr.  C-unning C-unningham,  ham, C-unningham,  steward  of  the  Queen's  College,  and  begged  of  him  to  get  out  his  boat,  in  order  to  rescue  a  family  consisting  of  a  lady  and  several  children  whQ  were  in  extreme  peril  in  one  of  the  houses  on  Western  Terrace.  The  boat  was  accordingly  pro procured,  cured, procured,  not  without  considerable  difficulty.  It  was  found  necessary  to  attach  ropes  to  it,  towed  by  three  turnkeys  of  the  gaol,  named  Stephensoti,  Burns,  and  Flynn.  In  dragging  the  boat  to  the  house  in  which  the  family  - STYLE=superscript  mreie,  the  three  men  were  in  the  water  up  to  their  arm  pits.  The  lady  was  then  lifted  on  men's  shoulders  into  the  boat,  and  iconveyed  to  the  Queen's  College;  and  the  children  were  conveyed  in  the  arms  of  the  turn turnkeys  keys turnkeys  to  the  boat,  and  thence  to  the  same  building.  Mrs.  Quill,  and  Mrs.  Wilson  were  also  carried  . STYLE=superscript  ;to  the  College.  A  great  number  of  children  who  had  been  overtaken  by  the  flood,  were  compelled  to  clamber  on  the  top  of  the  wall  bounding  the  Western  road,  from  which  position  they  called  loudly  for  assistance.  They  were  lifted  into  the  boat  and  placed  safely  in  the.  College,  not,  hOw hOwever,  ever, hOwever,  without  several  upsets,  from  one  of  which  a  Child  had  a  narrow  escape  of  being  drowned.  There  were  also  two  cows  in  a  yard  at  the  rear  of  Western  Terrace,  which  were  also  placed  in  the  boat,  abd  pushed  into  the  windo3v  into  the  parlour  of  one  of  the  houses  on  the  terrace,  and  thence  upstairs,  in  which  they  remained  until  the  waters  had  sub subsided.  sided. subsided.  South  Gate  Bridge,  and  the  Lee  Bridge,  are  also  so  injured  as  to  be  considered  unsafe.  :  .  At  Fair  Hill,  three  men  threshing  in  a  barn  were  -swept  away,  and  have  not  been  since  heard  ;of.  Several  persons  are  missing,  who,  it  is  supposed,  perished  at  the  accident  on  Patrick's  Bridge.  A  gentleman  who  was  standing  near  Parliament  bridge  on  Thursday,  states  he  saw  a  raft  floating  down  the  stream,  on  which  were  five  persons,  tlvo  men  and  three  women.  They  have  not,  however,  been  since  heard  of.  During  the  extreme  height  of  the  floods  a  woman  was  at  the  slip  at  Gillabbey  washing  some  clothes,  near  the  Bishop's  Palace:  She  states  that  she  saw  two  females  carried  down  along  the  flood,  and  they  were  followed  shortly  afterwards  by  several  articles  of  house  furniture.  .  At  Mallow  the  bodies  of  three  persons  lost  in  the  flood  have  been  discovered.  Inquests  were  held  on.  Thursday,  and  a  verdict  returned  of  death  from  the  A  fourth  person  is  still  missing.  At  Kanturk,  two  similar  inquests  were  held.  Lives  are  also  supposed  to  be  lost  in  Mill Millstreet,  street, Millstreet,  and  Macroon,  and  on  the  waters  subsiding,  an  immense  amount  of  dead  cattle,  sheep,  a  n  d  horses  were  discovered.  The  Killarney  junction  railway  has  suffei-ed suffei-eddamage  damage suffei-eddamage  to  the  value  of  several  thousand  pounds.  Willerstown,  County  of  Waterford,  was  flooded  by  the  Blackwater,  and  bridges,  cattle,  corn,  and  hay  destroyed.  The  same  river  flooded  Lismore  in  a  similar  manner,  carrying  away  five  arches  of  'the"
