text
"BRAZILS  There  had  been  an  outrage  upon  British  subjects  at  Rio  de  Janeiro.  Two  Englishmen,  one  a  mate  of  a  merchant  ship,  and  the  other  a  laborer  at  the  gas  works  at  that  place,  were  impressed  as  they  were  walking  in  the  streets  on  the  morning  of  the  21st  September,  and  sent  on  board  the  Cariacu,  Bra Brazilian  zilian Brazilian  government  transport.  As  the  sailor  was  disabled  by  an  abscess  and  the  laborer  was  useless,  they  were  landed,  without  a  word  of  explanation  or  a  shilling  of  wages,  at  Pernambuco  on  the  7th  October.  The  sailor's  name  is  Thomas  Willis.  He  went  to  Rio  as  second  mate  of  the  Midas.  The  other,  Thomas  Stephens,  arrived  at  Rio  as  passen passenger  ger passenger  in  the  ship  Calcutta,  from  Australia.  The  accounts  from  Monte  Video  have  been  anti anticipated  cipated anticipated  by  the  Braziliera's  arrival  at  Liverpool.  RIO  DE  JANEIRO,  OCT.  14.  Since  the  departure  of  the  Braziliera,  our  coffee  market  has  continued  active,  and  40,000  bags  have  been  purchased  at  continually  advancing  prices  ;  so  favorable,  indeed,  is  the  opinion  of  the  article,  that  some  20,000  bags  have  been  bought  on  specu speculation  lation- speculation  -in  the  re-sale  of  a  part  of  which  consider.  able  profit  has  already  been  made.  One  or  two  large  parcels  are  withheld  entirely  from  the  mar market,  ket, market,  the  dealers  resolving  to  wait  for  still  higher  prices,  which  there  is  every  probability  of  their  obtaining,  as  our  stock  actually  available  does  not  reach  50,000  bags.  Should  the  Olinda  (expected  on  the  21st  from  Liverpool)  bring  favorable  news,  there  is  but  little  doubt  that  prices  will  rise  as  high  as  in  1850.  In  fact,  it  is  just  now  that  whatever  real  deficiency  there  is  in  the  crops  will  be  felt;  but  we  apprehend  that  supplies  will  again  become  free  in  the  begining  of  the  year,  and  a  great  re reaction  action reaction  take  place.  Dealers  themselves  evidently  dread  this,  and  few  will  be  found  to  speculate  beyond  the  present  year.  Exchange  has  become  firmer  since  the  last  con conveyancedand  veyancedand conveyancedand  considerable  amounts  have  been  taken  at  28  and  28k,  60,  and  90  days.  Since  the  Tay,  about  450,0001.  have  been  passed,  principally  at  28  and  28i.  The  government  is  disposing  of  the  shares  of  the  National  Bank  at  a  premium  of  10  per  cent.  COFFEE.—Superior,  5,000  dots.  to  5,200  dols.  ;  good,  Ist,  4,800  dols.  to  4,850  dols.  ;  American  as assortments,  sortments, assortments,  4,900  dols.  to  5,000  dols.  Stock  this  day  (Ist  and  2nd  hands),  80,000  bags.  Shipped  since  Ist  instant,  55,485  bags.  SUGAR.—White,  2.600  dole.  to  2,800  dols.  ;  seconds,  2,400  dols.  to  2,600  dols.  ;  brown,  1,800  dols.  to  2,000  dole.  Stock,  650  cases.  FREIGHTS.--Channel,  45s  to  50s  ;  Hamburg,  40s.  to  455.;  Havre,  40f.;  United  States,  65c.  to  800.  The  latest  news  from  Uruguay  was  that  all  was  quiet  in  the  capital.  THE  PLATE.  The  government  of  Buenos  Ayres  had  notified  to  the  other  provinces  that  it  was  ready  to  co-operate  in  the  work  of  national  organisation,  but  not  on  the  basis  of  the  compact  of  San  Nicolas,  nor  with  Gene General  ral General  Urquiza  as  director  of  the  Thirteen  Provinces.  The  representatives  of  the  latter,  however,  assem assembled  bled assembled  at  Santa  Fe.  hold  firmly  by  Urquiza,  and  it  was  thought  that  thirteen  revolutions  must  take  place  before  their  dispositions  were  changed.  Business  during  the  month  of  September  had  been  good.  The  local  demand  was  active  and  steady,  and  still  larger  transactions  might  have  taken  place,  but  that  the  wholesale  market  was  ill illassorted.  assorted. illassorted.  The  sister  provinces  are  doing  little  with  Buenos  Ayres.  The  British  Packet,  which  gives  out  that  the  cause  of  Urquiza  is  lost,  admits  that  the  political  uncertainty  has  a  baleful  effect  on  the  trade  with  the  interior.  Importation  is  limited,  only  one  vessel  having  arrived  d  irect  from  Liverpool  with  a  general  cargo.  A  few  judiciously  selected  cargoes,  says  the  Packet,  are  much  wanted.  The  tariff  question  was  still  unsettled,  and  flour,  grain,  tea,  coals,  and  lumber  were  dear.  The  sup  ply  of  hides  and  tallow  was  short,  the  enhanced  value  of  cattle  having  indisposed  owners  to  kill.  The  extravagant  prices  last  quoted  are  still  main maintaind.  taind. maintaind.  The  prospects  of  the  wool  harvest  were  cheering.  The  clip  is  expected  to  be  the  largest  and  best  ever  remitted.  The  amount  of  exchange  on  Efigland,  passed  per  the  Severn,  is  estimated  at  130,0001  sterling.  (From  our  Second  Supplement  of  Yesterday.)  VIENNA,  TUESDAY  NOON.  An  official  dispatch  says  The  Russians  dis dislodged  lodged dislodged  the  Turks  from  the  island  opposite  Giur Giurgevo,  gevo, Giurgevo,  but  it  was  immediately  retaken  by  the  TUESDAY  EVENING.—The  Turks  repulsed  the  attack  on  their  position  at  Oltenitza  on  the  11th  ;  they  still  held  the  island  opposite  Giurgevo.  VIENNA,  11TH.  The  enthusiasm  at  Constantinople  is-  still  more  strongly  excited  by  the  publication  of  the  Sultan's  Manifesto,  read  on  October  31st,  in  a  National  Assembly,  presided  over  by  the  Sultan  himself,  when  he  announced  his  intention  to  buckle  on  the  sword,  to  proceed  to  Adrianople,  and  march  at  the  head  of  the  troops.  The  arrival  at  Shiraz  of  the  deputation  from  Affghanistan,  which  came  to  induce  the  Shah  of  Persia  to  declare  against  Russia,  produced  pro profound  found profound  sensation  at  the  Persian  court.  The  Shah  did  all  in  his  power  to  delay  the  decision,  and  to  suppress  an  anti-Russian  movement.  PARIS,  TUESDAY,  A  despatch  has  been-  received,  stating  that  the  Russians  lost  .3000  men  in  the  battle  of  the  4th  inst.  From  that  day  to  the  11th  there  was  no  military  event  of  importance.  Hostilities  were  confined  to  some  skirmishing  on  the  outposts.  The  Turks  have  24,000  men  at  Oltenitza,,  and  same  number  at  Kalafat.  The  Russians  have  35,000  men  at  Budexhli  between  Bucharest  and  Oltenitza,  and  established  head  quarters  there.  The  Turkish  envoy  in  Paris  received  the  following  message  on  Tuesday,  from  his  colleague  at  Vienna  :  the  news  from  the  seat  of  war  is  to  the  I  lth,  at  that  date  nothing  decisive  had  taken  After  November  23rd  Turkish  ships  will  be  declared  law lawful  ful lawful  prizes  for  the  Russians,  even  if  their  cargoes  be  not  wholly  Turkish  property.  Neutral  flags  shall  enjoy  full  liberty.  The  Russian  Government  has  appointed  a  Go Governor  vernor Governor  for  the  Principalities.  The  Emperor  of  Austria  and  King  of  Prussia  have  formally  declared  to  the  German  Diet  that  they  do  not  intend  to  take  part  in  the  hostilities  between  Turkey  and  Russia.  50,000  Turks  crossed  the  Danube  at  Kalarxil,  between  Oct.  27th  and  Nov.  3rd.  The  Greeks  had  offered  to  advance  money  to  the  Porte  by  way  of  loan.  The  Times  leading  article  says  the  reports  of  a  lodgment  of  the  Turks  at  Oltenitza,  of  a  severe  battle  fought  afterwards,  and  of  the  dis discomfiture  comfiture discomfiture  and  the  retreat  of  the  Russians,  which  were  all  substantially  true,  and  that  they  pointed  not  to  a  single  engagement  but  to  a  series  of  en encounters  counters encounters  on  the  same  spot.  The  Times  now  awaits  news  of  the  battle,  which  probably  occured  when  Gortschakoff  arrived  in  person  at  Oltenitza.  Unless  the  Turks  were  reinforced,  it  is  not  unlikely  that  they  may  be  driven  across  the  Danube,  still  there  would  be  a  strong  body  left  in  Wallachia,  indeed,  there  would  be  the  left  wing  intrenched  at  Kalafat,  which  numbers  greater  than  the  de detachment  tachment detachment  at  Oltenitza.  Respecting  the  unexpected  inferiority  of  the  Russians  the  Times  cannot  accept  the  surmises  that  the  reported  events  are  owing  to  the  Russian  commander's  stratagem,  or  his  inconsiderable  strength  ;  sickness  may  have  deterioted  the  efficacy  of  the  troops,  yet  a  large  army  is  decimated  in  a  day,  and  there  were  ample  opportunities  of  re reoruiting,  oruiting, reoruiting,  it.  Pe  hapa  tho  tanxtla.  ;a  may  have  carried  his  dissimulation  •so  far  as  ulti ultimately  mately ultimately  to  have  deceived  himself,  expecting  to  win  without  fighting.  He  may  have  permitted  the  strength  of  his  army  to  sink  so  low,  that  at  the  the  shock  of  war  ;  at  any  rate,  of  sustaining  the  reputation  on  which  he  relied.  NOTE  —The  Telegraphic  News  in  the  Times  of  the  repulse  of  the  Russians  on  the  11th,  tends  to  disprove  the  truth  of  the  rumour  that  the  former  bad  been  defeated  by  Gortschakoff.  PORTSMOUTH,  TUESDAY.  The  Times  Naval  News-  A  sailmaker  at  this  port  who  has  just  returned  from  St.  Petersburgh,  where  he  has  been  chief  sailmaker  in  the  Government  dockyard,  states  that  every  Englishman  employed  in  the  Russian  arsenals  has  been  summarily  dis discharged.  charged. discharged.  VIENNA,  14th—Exchange  on  London,  11  19.  ST.  PETERSBURGH,  Bth—OnEssA,  4th—Exchanges  on  England  more  unfavourable,  and  owing  to  large  purchases  of  Wheat  it  now  pays  well  to  send  gold  to  Odessa.  BANKING  NEWS.—The  Times  says  the  drafts  of  the  Isle  of  Man  Bank  (Holmes  and  C  0.,)  were  refused  acceptances  on  Thursday,  but  merely  from  a  temporary  cause—the  death  of  one  of  the  pro-  prietors  having  been  followed,  within  the  last  day  or  two,  by  that  of  the  only  survivor.  The  estate  is  understood  to  be  in  every  respect  ample.  COMMUNICATION  B_ETIVEEN  LIVER LIVERPOOL  POOL LIVERPOOL  AND  CANADA.  Our  Canadian  advices  report  that  great  exertions  were  making  to  increase  the  steam  communication  between  the  ports  of  the  St.  Lawrence  and  Great  Britain.  The  company  with  which  M'Lean,  M'Larty,  and  Co.,  of  this  town,  are  connected,  are  building  three  first-class  powerful  screw  steamers  of  1750  tons,  to  be  called  the  Ontario,  Erie,  and  Huron,  which  are  to  be  placed  on  the  line  next  season.  The  line  having  been  found  self-supporting,  several  Cana Canadian  dian Canadian  competitors  have  been  brought  into  the  field.  Le  Canadian,  of  Quebec,  informs  us  that  Messrs.  Gilmour,  and  Co.,  of  that  city,  are  going  to  build  seven  large  steam-ships  •of  2000  tons  each,  to  run  between  the  St.  Lawrence  and  Liverpool,  Glasgow,  and  London.  We  also  learn  from  the  Montreal  papers  that  a  company  has  been  formed  in  that  city  called  the  Montreal  Screw  Steam  Navigation  of  which  Messrs.  Edmonstone,  Allan  and  Co.  are  the  agents.  The  first  vessels  of  this  line  are  already  contracted  for,  and  are  now  build building  ing building  in  the  Clyde.  They  are  to  be  1875  tons  new  register  measurement,  and  will  be  fitted  with  engines  of  350  horse-power,  which  arc  guaranteed  to  propel  the  vessel  ten  knots  an  hour,  and  enable  them  to  make  the  passage  from  Liverpool  to  Quebec  in  a  period  not  exceeding  twelve  days.  The  first  of  these  vessels  is  to  be  completed  by  the  Ist  of  June.  Besides  these,  we  are  further  in informed,  formed, informed,  there  is  yet  another  company  in  process  of  formation  in  Montreal,  to  build  one  or  more  ocean  steamers  for  the  Canadian  trade,  for  which  a  large  amount  of  stock  has  already  been  sub subscribed,  scribed, subscribed,  but  we  have  not  learned  that  their  ar arrangements  rangements arrangements  are  yet  in  such  a  forward  state  as  to  give  them  to  the  public.  A  Montreal  journal  also  states  that,  Messrs.  Edmondstoue,  Allan  and  Co.  are  making  the  following  additions  to  their  line  of  sailing  vessels.  A  splendid  iron  clipper  ship  of  850  tons  register,  building  by  Messrs.  John  Reid  and  Co.,  of  Port  Glasgow,  and  a  wooden  one  of  similar  dimensions,  under  construction  by  Messrs.  Robert  Steel,  and  Co.,  of  Greenock,  the  celebrated  builders  of  the  Cunard  steamers.  These  ships  will  take  their  places  in  the  line  early  next  spring.'  FATAL  ACCIDENT.—On  Saturday  night  between  8  and  9  o'clock,  as  the  steam  ship  Minerva,  trading  between  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  and  Belfast,  was  being  hauled  through  the  Nelson  Dock  gates.  Robert  Cruickshank,  second  engineer  on  board,  was  standing  by  the  larboard  wheel  (one  of  those  about  the  platform  which  are  used  for  stopping  and  starting  the  en engine)  gine) engine)  just  as  they  had  closed  the  gates,  Cruickshank  put  his  head  behind  the  wheel,  and  the  cutter  of  the  air  pump  touched  his  head.  The  head  engineer  shouted  to  the  man  to  come  away,  saying  sharply  What  are  you  doing  there  The  moment  he  was  spoken  to  the  second  time,  one  of  the  spokes  of  the  wheel  caught  him  on  the  head,  and  knocked  him  down  on  the  lever.  The  engine  was  immedi immediately  ately immediately  thrown  ,out  of  gear  and  stopped,  but  the  man  was  killed  by  the  blow.  He  was  perfectly  sober  at  the  time.  An  inquest  was  held  yesterday  and  a  verdict  of  accidenta  death  returned,"
