text
"NOTICE  The  Proprietors  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  have  now  completed  their  arrangements  for  securing  the  delivery  of  the  paper  at  the  following  places  evervnorning,  at,  or  before  eight  o'clock.  BIRKENHEAD  I  BOOTLE  WOODSIDE  1  WALTON  TRANMERE  ROCK  FERRY  EVERTON  WATERLOO  FAIRFIELD  SEAFORTH  AIGBURTH.  HOUSE  AGE  N  T  S  HAVING  -  PREMISES  TO  LET  OR  SELL  SHOULD  ADVER  T  I  S  E  IN  TIIE  NOyRTHI  DAILY  TIMES  AT  A  CHARGE  O}  P  E  N  C  E  Offices-19,  SOUTH  JOHN  STREET,  LIVERPOOL;  9,  PRINCESS  STREET,  MANCHESTER.  SERVANTS  WANTING  SITUATIONS  PERSONS  WANTING  SERVANTS,  should  Advertise  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  CHARGE  SIXPE  N  C  E  Published  every  morning,  at  19,  South  John-street,  Liverpool,  and  9,  Princess-street,  Manchester.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS  No  notice  can  be  taken  of  anonymous  communications.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer  ;  not  necessarily  for  ...ation,  but  as  a  guarrantee  of  his  good  faith.  aunt  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  ommunications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forded  ded forded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  ARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  he  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  ilnrt!ll?rn  20it1hi  itnø+  WEDNESDAY,  OCTOBER  12,  1853  ENGLAND  and  France  are  more  determinately  re resolved  solved resolved  than  ever  to  uphold  the  SULTAN  in  resisting  the  encroachments  made  by  the  Russian  Emperor  upon  the  Danubian  Principalities.  Both  govern-  merits  have  issued  joint  notes,  calling  upon  the  CZAR  immediately  to  withdraw  his  armies  from  the  occupied  territories,  being  urged  to  this  step  in  consequence  of  the  attitude  assumed  by  the  rthern  Powers.  This  is  the  last  measure  held  t  to  the  AUTOCRAT,  and  upon  its  reception  or  re-  tion  by  the  P.ussian  Cabinet  depends  the  issue  of  peace  or  war.  England  and  her  Ally  are,  at  all  events,  determined  that  the  Ottoman  Empire  shall  not  be  sacrificed  to  the  base  cupidity  of  a  despot.  It  is  the  intention  of  both  countries  to  allow  the  SULTAN  to  defend  his  own  position  at  the  first  ;  but  should  the  enemy  advance,  then  to  render  their  combined  assistance  in  repelling  him.  One  circumstance,  however,  may  change  this  ar-  rangement,  namely,  should  Russia  declare  war  against  England  and  France—an  event  spoken  of  as  not  at  all  improbable  under  the  present  posi-  tion  of  affairs  Various  opinions  obtain  respecting  the  SULTAN'S  declaration  of  war;  some  affirming  that  it  admitted  of  no  condition  beyond  the  immediate  evacuation  of  Wallachia  and  Moldavia  by  the  Russian  in-  vaders  It  appears  that  Austria  and  Prussia  have  re-  solved  upon  remaining  neutral  should  hostilities  positively  be  engaged  in  This  fact  must  certainly  disappoint  the  CZAR,  who  had,  doubtless,  calcu-  lated  upon  the  assistance  of  the  former—albeit  a  broken  reed  at  the  best  !  The  Presse  publishes  a  private  telegraphic  des-  patch  from  Marseilles,  confirmatory  of  the  PORTE'S  requiring  the  immediate  evacuation  * STYLE=superscript  a  the  Princi-  palities.  It  states  that  it  was  generally  believed  that  the  Turkish  and  English  Fleets  had  entered  the  Black  Sea  Orders  have  arrived  at  Dublin  for  six  regiments  to  hold  themselves  in  readiness  for  the  Mediter-  ranean.  There  can  be  no  doubt  but  that  if  all  the  above  statements  are  credible,  the  position  of  the  Russo-Turkish  difficulty  is  more  involved  than  ever—that  is,  provided  the  Emperor  of  Russia  does  not  at  once  comply  with  the  terms  of  the  negotiation  —a  matter  which  some  affirm  he  can-  not  with  honour,  nor  is  he  disposed  to  do  IT  is  a  misfortune,  or  more  correctly  speaking,  a  necessity  that,  owing  to  the  official  practice  of  the  Quarterly  abstracts  of  the  Revenue  being  issued  late  in  the  evening  of  the  day  to  which  they  are  made  up,  it  is  impossible  for  a  provincial  journal  to  publish  these  returns  simultaneously  with  the  metropolitan  papers.  The  document,  as  it  appears  in  the  London  morning  papers,  was  not  finally  made  up  at  th  4  Treasury  until  past  eight  o'clock,  nor  did  the  Treasury  receive  the  last  of  the  neces necessary  sary necessary  details  from  the  departments  until  after  four  o'clock.  Under  these  circumstances,  we,  at  a  dis distance  tance distance  of  more  than  200  miles  from  Whitehall,  are  necessarily  at  a  disadvantage,  whatever  efforts  we  may  have  expended  to  avoid  it  ;  for,  though  it  is  figuratively  said  that  express  trains,  and  electric  telegraphs,  have  annihilated  time  and  space,  the  realities  of  vulgar  practice  soon  reduce  the  hyper hyperbole  bole hyperbole  to  the  unsubstantial  basis  of  a  poetical  exag-"
