text
"AMERICA.  The  Screw  Steamer  Glasgow  arrived  in  the  Clyde  this  morning  at  one  o'clock,  from  New  York,  with  three  days  later  news.  She  has  made  the  passage  in  twelve  days  and  a  half.  The  Africa,  from  Liverpool,  arrived  out  at  New  York  on  the  4th.  The  following  is  a  report  of  the  New  York  markets  :  AsllEs.—About  50  barrels  Pot,  were  sold  at  5  dollars.  BREADSTUFFS.—The  market  for  Western  State  Flour,  under  the  Africa's  news,  advanced  from  184  to  25  cents.  SOUTHERN  FLOUR  has  improved  121  to  181  cents  per  barrel.  Sales  were  made  at  $7  37  for  common,  to  good  brands.  Other  kinds  of  Flour  and  Meal  were  held  higher.  WHEAT  had  advanced—RYE  was  steady.—BAß-  LEY  unchanged.  OATS  better.  COTTON.—The  market  has  not  been  materially  affected  by  the  steamer's  news.  Although  the  weather  was  quite  favourable,  total  sales  of  last  day  565  bales.  LINSEED  OIL  lower.  Sales  made  of  4,000  gallons  English,  at  66  to  67  cents,  American  was  selling  ii  lots  from  store  at  67  to  69  cents.  PORK  was  rather  firmer,  with  a  good  demand.  FREIGHTS  TO  LIVERPOOL.  Corn  taken  at  121  to  13  ;  wheat,  13  ;  flour,  3s  3d  to  3s  9d  ;  cotton,  id  to  3-16  d.  The  Stock  market  was  buoyant  and  active.  Exchange  flat  at  1091  for  prime  signatures  on  London,  and  very  good  bills  are  offered  at  1094  to  1091,  the  tendency  being  downwards.  The  Glasgow  brings  no  political  'news:  of  im importance.  portance. importance.  THIRD  EDITION.  Northern  Daily  Times  Ogitei  Three  o'clock  EASTERN  WAR.  VIENNA,  THURSDA/  . STYLE=superscript  40  The  journal,  Austrian  Correspondenz  says,  on  to  13th,  the  Turks  blew  up  their  works  at  Oltealt°'  and  retired  to  Bulgaria.  Our  Vienna  correspondent  telegraphs  115 STYLE=superscript  foil  ows  VIENNA,  THURSDAY  MORNING'  Telegraphic  advices  from  Prince  Gortschan  119'/  received  last  night  state  that  the  Turks  /  quitted  all  their  positions  on  the  left  bank  °  the  Danube,  except  Kalafat,  without  battlej  simply  on  account  of  the  concentration  013 STYLE=superscript  h  development  of  the  Russian  forces.  The  Turk's.;  entrenchments  have  been  razed.  This  VIENNA,  THUSDAY  EVEI4OI6.  -  ,  The  report  of  the  Turks  having  abandoned  they STYLE=superscript  position  on  the  left  bank,  except  Kalafat,  is  °fo  cially  confirmed  from  Hermanstadt.  The  Turks  quitted  Oltenitza  on  the  12th,  destse  ing  their  own  entrenchments.  The  Turks  attempted  a  passage  near  ICalar  ' STYLE=superscript  and  from  an  island  opposite  Guirgero,  but  Russians  repulsed  them  at  both  places  with  C° STYLE=superscript  siderable  loss.  Private  letters  from  Vienna  of  the  evening  0 STYLE=superscript  -  f  tht°  14th,  mention  that  it  was  positively  asserted  Galatz  and  Braila  had  been  attacked  by  the  TO'"
