text
"THE  GREAT  ONSLO  IF  MINES.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SIR,—My  attention  has  been  drawn  to  a  paragraph  in  your  publication  of  yesterday,  headed  The  Great  Onslow  11.  and  purpo  r  ti  ng  t  o  b  e  th  e  s  t  a  t  ement  o  f  a  b  o  d  y  of  !..iverpool  gentlemen  of  high  standing.  This,  I  presume,  is  intended  as  a  reply  to  a  series  of  letters  and  correspondence  extracted  from  the  Carlisle  Patriot,  and  published  in  yours  of  the  22d  inst.  I  may  therefore  infer  that  these  gentlemen,  courting  inquiry,  are  desirous  of  placing  before  the  public,  such  facts  connected  with  past  proceedings,  as  will  best  enable  them  to  judge  of  the  present  position  and  future  pro pro-37)ects  37)ects pro-37)ects  of  these  concerns,  as  well  as  of  those  connected  - STYLE=superscript  with  them.  For  this  purpose  it  will  be  well  to  divest  the  subject  of  all  extraneous  matter,  and  confine  the  attention  altogether  to  a  few  of  the  allegations  of  the  C  trlisle  _Patriot,  and  then  let  us  examine  the  manner  in  which  they  have  been  disposed  of  by  the  Liverpool  gentlemen  of  as  aforesaid.  Commencing  with  the  letter  of  the  15th  ult.,  and  assum assuming  ing assuming  the  facts  there  stated  to  be  true,  I  find  the  following  very  pretty  narrative  of  Onslow--accounts  of  a  false  dividend  of  highly-coloured  reports—of  large  sums  charged  and  re relinquished  linquished relinquished  without  ceremony—of  a  water-wheel  debited  by  the  purser,  which  was  already  the  property  of  the  proprie proprietors—of  tors—of proprietors—of  his  refusal  to  produce  vouchers,  transfer  books,  &amp;c.  —of  the  absence  of  cash  and  banking  accounts—and  of  a  glaring  breach  of  the  trust  reposed  by  the  adventurers  in  B.  C.  &amp;  Co.  There  are  also  in  the  subsequent  correspondence  several  other  charges,  none  of  which  ought  to  be  associated  with  the  friends  of  men  of  high  and  which,  if  cha character  racter character  or  reputation  is  to  be  preserved,  must  at  once  be  removed.  In  proceeding  to  examine  the  reply  of  the  23rd,  we  find  not  a  word  about  the  dividend—the  reports—the  £1,812  given  up  by  B.  C.  and  Co.—the  water-wheel—or  the  missing  books  and  vouchers.  No  reason  is  given  why  25,000  shares  have  been  quietly  relinquished  by  certain  gentlemen  in  Cornwall,  in  Liverpool,  and  in  Carlisle  ;  no  explanation  is  offered  why  in  the  latter  place  £4,000  is  proposed  to  be  dis distributed  tributed distributed  as  hush  money  to  certain  troublesome  proprietors,  or  why,  in  the  former,  Penquean  shares  have  been  dealt  out  wholesale  to  unfortunates,  who  are  given  to  understand  thoy  are  so,  and  have  no  remedy.  No,  these  minutie  are  beneath  the  notice,  or  beyond  the  reach  of,  Liverpool  gentlemen,  and  instead  of  which  they  give  us  statements  of  a  new  constitution--(or  in  other  words  new  way  to  pay  old  then  accounts  of  ths  mauthe  and  copper  now  on  hand—and  Qontinue  by  alleging  that  it  is  usual  in  such  mints  not  to  calculate  on  returns  for  double  the  time  this  has  been  working.  A  prospectus  is  then  pro promised,  mised, promised,  and  an  intimation  that  no  shares  are  for  sale.  Now,  my  dear  sir,  did  you  ever  in  all  your  literary  experience,  publish  such  an  attempt  at  refutation,  or  justiication  as  this?  Or  can  you  call  it  more  than  an  attempt  to  explain  away  the  charges  of  our  northern  friends  ?  Does  the  new  constitution  prove  or  improve  anything—or  does  the  copper  ore  replace  the  missing  vouchers— vouchers'  ' vouchers'  and  what  are  we  to  think  of  the  allegation  about  the  re returns,  turns, returns,  when  we  know  that  returns  have  already  been  made,  and  so  far  back  as  June,  1852  ?  And  how  does  this  corres correspond  pond correspond  with  the  statements  of  certain  gentlemen,  who,  for  certain  objects,  assured  not  only  men  who  could  bear  a  loss,  but  even  clerks,  warehousemen,  ay,  sir,  and  also  w  id  ows  and  orphans,  that  dividends  would  be  paid  frequently  and  regularly—commencing  in  May  last  ?  This,  sir,  is  not  a  statement  without  a  basis  ;  it  is  known  to  many  of  as  high  as  your  correspondents,  and  will  be  proved  upon  oath,  and  in  open  court  ere  many  months  elapse.  And  fur further,  ther, further,  sir,  it  is  untrue  that  there  are  at  present  no  shares  for  sale  ;  there  has,  on  the  contrary,  been  many  shares  sold  lately  at  a  discount,  and  still  there  arp  sellers  if  there  can  be  found  purchasers.  Such,  then,  are  the  respective  positions  of  the  correspon correspondent  dent correspondent  of  the  Carlisle  Patriot  and  the  Liverpool  man 'gentleman'  of  And  such  are  a  few  of  the  facts  now  ready  for  the  public.  If  this  correspondence  is  provoked  many  more  may  be  elicited,  which  will  entail  a  disgrace  upon  the  deserving  lasting  as  their  hopes  of  dividends.  Yours,  truly,  NON-CONFORMIST.  Liverpool,  24th  November,  1853.  [Our  correspondent  seems  to  forget  that  the  matters  of  which  he  complains  are  of  a  date  anterior  to  the  appoint appointment  ment appointment  of  the  present  management.  Does  he  mean  to  say  that  the  affairs  are  not  now  properly  administered  ?—En.  N.  D.  T.]  GOLD  TO  RUSSIA.—It  is  understood  that  a  large  sum  in  Russian  half-imperials  was  on  Thursday  withdrawn  from  the  Bank  of  England  for  shipment  to  St.  Petersburgh  and  Odessa."
