text
"RUSSIA  The  state  of  affairs  in  the  capital  of  the  Czarina  be  well  judged  of  by  the  subjoined  extract  from  letter  dated  St.  Petersburg,  the  17th  inst  writer  mentions  that  among  the  diplomatic  body  and  at  the  Court  the  conclusion  of  peace  was  regarded  as  inevitable  such  is  the  term  used.  Nevertheless,  the  unconditional  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  propositions  had  produced  considerable  .  sensation  in  the  capital.  He  adds,  that  with  the  exception  of  the  functionaries,  who  are,  of  course,  ready  there,  as  in  other  capitals,  to  approve  every everything,  thing, everything,  and  to  eulogise  every  act  of  the  Government,  this  sudden  and  most  unexpected  return  to  pacific  , STYLE=superscript  ideas  was  generally  badly  received,  not  only  by  the  old  Muscovite  party,  but  also  by  the  mass  of  the  people.  The  popular  fanaticism  had  been  roused  to  such  a  pitCh  after  the  fall  of  Sebastopol,  that  at  the  present  moment  it  is  a  work  of  difficulty  to  make  them  accept  a  political  arrangement  as  necessary  and  desirable  for  the  Empire.  The  public  mind  was  greatly  agitated,  and  there  would  be  nothing  surprising  in  the  fact  of  an  outbreak.  The  Grand  Duke  Constantine  is  greatly  irritated  against  his  brother.  The  Vice-Royalty  of  Poland,  reserved  for  the  Grand  Duke  Nicholas,  and  which,  according  to  usage,  should  f  a  ll  t  o  hi  s  l  ot,  Is  no  small  cause  of  his  irritation.  Placed  at  the  head  9f  the  eccentric  fraction  of  the  Russian  party  of  those  who  are  named  the  Intractable,  the  Grand  Admiral  thought  he  should  make  himself  popular,  but  has  not  succeeded,  while  his  brother  Nicholas  enjoys  an  indisputablel  popularity.  This  young  Prince,  loved  hitherto  for  himself,  has  seen  the  affection  of  the  people  increase  in  consequence  of  his  marriage  with  the  Princess  Alexandra-Petrowna,  daughter  of  Prince  Peter  of  Oldenburg.  We  have  received  the  Russian  journals  of  the  16th  and  17th  inst.  The  Journal  de  St.  Petersburg  contains  a  list  of  military  and  other  promotions.  General  Osten  Sacken  is  appointed  a  member  of  the  Council  of  the  Empire,  retaining  his  rank  of.  Aide  de-Camp  General."
