text
"10th  July,  1851,  in  accordance  with  the  American  treaty  of  Washington,  of  20th  Dec.  1849.  The  right  to  cede  or  acquire  territory,  or  to  unite  two  independent  nations  by  compact,  is  regarded  as  inherent  in  all  independent  sovereignties.  It  has  certainly  been  prac practised  tised practised  from  time  immemorial.  The  power  which  can  cede  a  part  can  cede  all  the  parts.  Modern  history  abounds  in  examples,  and  none  more  than  English  and  French  history.  Annexation  is  neither  a  new  thing,  nor  rare  in  our  day,  as  the  Turks  and  Arabs  of  Algeria,  the  Caffres  of  South  African  and  more  than  one  hundred  and  thirty  millions  of  people  in  India  can  testify—people  it  is  hoped  who  maybe  benefited  by  the  change  ;  but  whether  so  or  not,  I  cannot  admit  that  annexation  by  voluntary  consent  is  any  more  illegal  or  reprehensible  than  annexation  by  conquest.  But  whether  it  be  done  by  one  process  or  the  other,  the  government  of  the  United  States  can  have  no  colonies.  Whatever  territory  is  added  is  but  an  integral  part  of  the  whole,  and  subject  to  the  same  national  constitution  and  laws.  The  expediency  of  union  with  the  United  States  I  do  not  propose  to  consider  at  present,  for  I  have  no  authority  to  say  that  the  United  States  will  consent  to  any  terms  that  may  be  offered  ;  yet  I  have  no  doubt  if  they  shall  bo  offered  they  will  be  frankly  received  and  duly  considered  ;  but  no  sinister  means  of  accomplishing  the  object,  however  desir desirable,  able, desirable,  will  receive  any  favour  from  the  United  States.  I  am  most  happy  to  have  your  testimony  that  the  com commissioner  missioner commissioner  and  consuls  of  the  United  States  have  acted  fully  and  faithfully  up  to  the  principles  declared  by  Mr.  Clayton  and  Mr.  Webster  in  the  communications  referred  to  by  you,  and  I  am  not  permitted  to  doubt  that  you  will  have  as  little  reason,  hereafter,  as  you  have  now,  to  distrust  the  friendly  intentions  of  the  government  and  people  of  the  United  States.  My  regard  for  the  king  and  his  government,  and  for  the  highly  respectable  representatives  of  England  and  France  in  these  islands  who  have  deemed  it  their  duty  to  interpose  an  official  remonstrance,  demand  the  utmost  frankness  in  the  expression  of  the  sentiments  I  entertain,  which  I  am  sure  they  will  duly  appreciate.  The  agreement,  or  joint  declaration  of  the  28th  November  1843,  that  neither  Great  Britain  nor  France  would  take  possession  of  these  Islands  as  a  protectorate  or  otherwise,  was  creditable  to  those  powers.  The  government  of  the  United  States  was  not  a  party  to  the  engagement;  neither  was  Kamehameha  111.,  so  far  as  appears.  The  parties  to  it,  by  their  naval  forces,  had  both  made  hostile  demonstra demonstrado=  do= demonstrado=  upon  the  kin  g  'o  au-vcrci  g  arby.  The  tr.,;+.‘i  Rtat./2  hati  not,  but  both  before  and  since,  though  their  interests  were  ar  greater  here  than  those  of  any,  or  all  other  foreign  powers,  they  have  constantly  respected  the  government  of  the  king.  They  have  never  sought  to  limit  the  right  of  his  government  to  frame  its  own  system  of  finance,  enact  its  own  revenue  laws,  regulate  its  own  system  of  public  education,  establish  its  own  judicial  policy,  or  demanded  any  special  favours,  and  they  were  the  first  to  recognize  the  complete  and  unqualified  national  independence  of  the  kingdom,  by  the  treaty  of  20th  Dec.,  1849,  That  treaty  having  been  faithfully  observed,  there  is  nothing  in  the  policy  of  the  United  States  toward  these  islands  which  requires  concealment,  or  demands  explanation,  nothing  to  disturb  the  harmony  which  happily  exists  between  the  United  States  and  the  great  commercial  powers  of  Europe.  Lest  silence  on  my  part,  after  the  publication  of  the  joint  remonstrance,  should  make  a  different  impression  here  or  elsewhere,  and  considering  the  distance  from  the  seats  of  government  of  Europe  and  America,  it  may  be  advisable  to  depart  from  the  usual  course  in  such  mati,ers,  and  publish  this  letter  also,  to  go  with  the  remonstrance  of  the  British  and  French  representatives.—l  have  the  honor  to  be,  with  great  respect,  your  obedient  servant,  LUTHER  SEVERANCE.  His  Excellency,  Robert  Crichton  Wyllie,  Minister  of  Foreign  Relations,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  WEST  DERBY  BOARD  OF  GUARDIANS.  YESTERDAY.  The  board  held  their  usual  weekly  meeting  on  yesterday.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  Mr.  JOSEPH  HARRISOV,  vice-chair  man.  There  were  also  present  Messrs.  Roskell,  Alpass,  Lunt,  M'Gee,  G.  Harrison,  Hensley,  Mountfield,  Hey  es,  Horsfall,  Tattersall,  Abraham,  Carter,  Pilkington,  Medealf,  Janes  Birch,  Jeffreys,  Craig,  Shaw,  Kirkus,  and  Miller.  The  CLERK  read  the  minutes  of  the  last  day's  proceedings.  The  following  cheques  were  ordered  :  Mr.  Allen,  £65  ;  Mr.  Clay,  £25  ;  Mr.  Potts,  £B2;  Mr.  Lythgoe,  £lB."
