text
"REVIEW  OF  THE  WEEK  The  arrivals  of  English  and  Irish  produce  into  this  port  dur during  ing during  the  last  three  days  are  trivial,  and,  in  addition  to  the  liberal  supplies  up  to  Tuesday,  we  have  no  grain  worth  nfming  fresh  in  from  abroad;  from  British  Colonies,  the  United  States,  and  Spain,  however,  the  import  of  flour  is  moderately  fair,  1,892  barrels  of  the  former  being  a  returned  parcel  from  Australia.  We  had  a  good,  but  not  large  attendance  at  our  Corn  Ex-  change  to-day.  The  demand  for  wheat  was  chiefly  for  the  interior  of  the  country,  and  a  fair  business  was  transacted  in  the  better  class  of  white  and  red  foreign  at  an  improvement  of  Id.  to  2d.  per  70  lbs.,  over  the  currency  of  last-  market  day  ;  the  lower  descriptions  were  in  poor  request,  however,  and  can  scarcely  be  called  any  thing  dearer  ;  as  usual  on  Fridays,  few  farmer's  samples  were  offered.—Flour  is  6d.  per  barrel,  and  ls.  per  sack  higher,  with  a  tolerably  fair  inquiry.  Grinding  barleys  are  in  improved  request,  at  ld.  to  2d.  per  bushel  advance,  and  malting  qualities  would  sell  at  our  late  extreme  quotations.  Malt  is  Is.  per  qr.  dearer.  Of  pease  there  are  scarcely  any  left,  and  they  are  now  held  for  extrava extravagant  gant extravagant  rates,  in  retail.  Beans  have  been  sold  in  quantity  for  arrival,  at  2s.  more  money,  and  the  few  parcels  of  Egyptian  remaining  bring  2s.  6d.  to  3s.  per  qr.  above  Tuesday's  prices.  Oats  arc  Id.  per  bushel,  and  oatmeal,  the  market  being  cleared  of  all  the  old  parcels  offering,  sold  at  a  general  improvement  of  Is.  per  load.  Indian  corn  also  experienced  a  most  active  sale,  especially  for  feeding  descriptions,  and  we  note  an  ad advance  vance advance  of  Is.  tol  s.  per  qr.  SUGA.R.—The  market  remains  in  a  very  dull  state,  and  the  sales  are  confined  to  500  hhds.  B.  P.,  chiefly  to  the  refiners,  and  1300  bags  of  Bengal  at  about  former  rates.  Foreign.—The  market  continues  very  quiet,  and  the  sales  reported  are  only  1300  hhds.  Cuba  Muscovado  and  Porto  Rico,  at  325.  3d.  to  34s  9d  per  cwt.  duty  paid.  MOLASSES  do  not  go  off  quite  so  readily,  and  the  only  sales  reported  being  200  puns.  Antigue  at.l6s  6d  to  17s.  41-d.  per  cwt.  from  the  quay.  COFFEE.—The  Trade  evinced  no  disposition  to  purchase  Jamaica  at  the  recent  auction,  and  the  whole  was  withdrawn.  Of  Foreign,  the  sales  are  1500  bags  Bahia  at  295.  to  485.,  and  2200  bags  Rio,  afloat,  at  455.  6d.  per  cwt.,  for  a  near  continental  port.  A  small  parcel  of  Para  C  OCOA  has  been  taken  at  28s  per  cwt.  RICE.—A  large  business  has  been  done  in  Arracan,  the  sales  amounting  to  40,000  bags,  at  lls.  9d.  to  12s  6d.,  being  an  advance  of  6d.  per  cwt.;  500  bags  of  Bengal  are  also  reported  at  ISs.  to  15s.  3d.  RUM.—The  business  is  confined  to  70  puns.  of  Trinidad,  to  arrive,  at  rather  easier  rates.  The  market  has  been  very  buoyant  during  the  week  for  all  descriptions  of  Tea,  and  a  good  business  done  at  advancing  rates  ;  several  holders  have  withdrawn  their  stocks  until  the  delivery  of  the  Overland  letters,  which  are  expected  to  day.  —Yesterday  about  23  tons  of  African  and  Egyptain  Ivory  were  offered,  all  of  which.  went  with  fair  spirit  at  about  previous  rates;  one  lot  reached  £4O  155.,  being  an  advance  of  15s.  to  208.  per  cwt.  on  fine  sorts  ;  nothing  reported  in  Shell  Lac,  Lac  Dye  or  Indigo  ;  400  bags  Myrabolams  sold  at  93.9  d.  per  cwt.,  some  Gum  Copal  at  12d.  per  lb,  and  a  few  barrels  of  American  Bees'  Wax  at  £7  17s.  6d.,  100  tons  Sago  Flour,  to  arrive,  .  _  at  21s.  per  cwt.,  also  20  tons  Panama  Mother-of-Pearl  Shell;  at  £2B  per  ton  ;  500  bags  Saltpetre  taken  at  28s.  6d.,  and  100  tons  Nitrate  of  Soda  at  17s.  6d.  per  cwt.-For  Dyewoods  gene generally  rally generally  there  is  but  little  demand,  and  some  kinds  can  be  pur purchased  chased purchased  on  rather  easier  terms;  the  transactions  in  Logwood  eonsists  of  120  tons  Campeachy  at  £8  ss.  ex  ship,  25  tons  Honduras  at  £6,  20  tons  Jamaica  and  St.  Domingo  at  £5.  ss.  to  £5  10s.  ;  For  Fustic  the  demand  is  limited,  and  to  effect  sales  holders  are  compelled  to  take  reduced  prices  ;  small  parcels  of  Lama  Wood,  amounting  to  25  tons,  have  been  taken  at  £l3  10s.,  but  nothing  of  moment  has  occunred  in  Nicaragua  Wood,  or  Camwood;  about  15  tons  of  inferior  Sapan  Wood  realized  £l2  ss.  per  ton.-no  sales  reported  in  Turpentine  or  Tar.-About  1000  brls.  of  American  Rosin  sold  at  6s.  10d.  to  I  ls.  6d,  per  cwt.  according  to  quality.-Ashes  have  continued  in  active  demand,  and  about  800  brls.  sold  at  30s.  to  31s.  for  pot,  and  28s.  per  cwt.  for  pearl.-Cloverseed  has  been  in  good  demand,  30  tons  American  red  selling  at  535.  to  555.  per  cwt.  ;  5.50  bags  East  India  Rapeseed  are  reported  at  48s.  ;  Linseed  continues  in  large  demand,  and  555.  per  quarter  would  be  readily  obtained  for  Bombay.-Hides.--The  public  sales  on  Tuesday  were  exceedingly  dull,  and  the  greater  portion  with withdrawn  drawn withdrawn  ;  only  3500  East  India  Kips  found  buyers,  at  81d.  to  B:dd.  for  fair  dry  salted,  and  44d.  61d.  for  rubbed,  600  dry  Batavia  Buffalo  at  41d.  and  2000  Singapore  at  3d.  to  31-,d.,  500  dry  Bahia  at  6'4d.,  120  Valparaiso  at  51d.,  200  dry  River  Plate  at  70.  to  Bd.,  1000  salted  at  4id.  to  sd.  per  lb,  for  sound,  and  800  Horse  Hides  'at  Bs.  3d.  to  93.,  each  for  sound  ...h.-a.-  The  acm,tha  Drtunitone  continues  limited,  and  it  further  reduction  of  2s.  6d.  per  ton  has  been  submitted  to  in  some  instances;  the  sales  are  about  100  tons-Nothing  worthy  of  notiee.done  in  Sumac.-Argols  are  still  tending  upwards,  and  of  Tartar,  sales  of  inferior  brown  made  at  1035.,  of  better  quality  at  1165.,  and  of  Cream  at  150  s.  per  cwt.-There  is  very  little  inquiry  for  Madders  or  Madder  Roots,  and  the  only  sole  reported  is  a  small  parcel  of  middling  Turkey  Roots  at  625.  per  cwt.-Olive  Oil  has  been  almost  without  inquiry,  and  not  more  than  30  tuns  reported,  at  rather  easier  prices.--1  00  tuns  Seal  Oil  have  been  sold  at  the  quotations,  and  60  tuns  Cod  at  £34.  per  tun.-A  moderate  business  has  been  done  in  Linseed  Oil  at  30s.  6d.  to  315.,  and  in  pale  Rapo  at  41s.  6d.  to  425.  per  cwt.  Spirits  of  Turpentine  are  dull  at  575.  to  58s.  per  cwt.-A  further  advance  has  taken  p'ace  in  Palm  Oil  ;  the  sales  during  the  week  amount  to  780  tons  on  the  spot,  and  650  tons  to  arrive,  all  at  £4O.  to  £4O.  1l  s.  per  ton.  Tho  demand  for  Petersburg  Y.C.  Tallow  is  limited,  at  58s.  6d.  to  595.  per  cwt.,  but  South  American  sells  freely  at  former  prices.  -200  tons  American  Lard  have  been  sold,  the  price  not  re reported.-Nothing  ported.-Nothing reported.-Nothing  done  in  Baltic  Hemp,  but  200  bundles  Bombay  have  been  taken  at  £23.  per  ton.-No  sales  to  report  in  Jute.  One  hundred  bags  Malabar  black  Pepper  are  reported  at  41(1.  per  lb  ;  and  20  tons  St.  Domingo  Logwood,  all  faults,  al  £5.  ss.  per  ton.  The  Tea  Market  continues  firm,  and  prices  have  an  upwari  tendency.  COTTON.—We  have  had  a  pretty  fair  and  steady  demand  for  cotton  throughout  the  week,  but  the  business  has  not  been  sufficient  to  impart  much  life  to  the  market,  having  only  averaged  about  6,000  bales  per  day,  a  quantity  barely  or  at  all  events  only  just  sufficient  to  enable  holders  to  sustain  the  ad advance  vance advance  noticed  in  our  report  of  last  week.  The  turn  still  continues  at  Wigan  and  Preston,  and  after  to-day  the  mills  at  Burnley  and  some  other  places  will  be  closed,  which  will  cause  a  considerable  reduction  in  the  consumption,  and  which  accounts  for  the  small  purchases  now  making  by  the  trade.  As  regards  American  descriptions  the  current  qualities,  middling  to  middling  fair,  are  well  supported,  whilst  the  in inferior  ferior inferior  sorts,  although  not  without  demand,  have  scarcely  been  so  easy  of  sale.  In  Brazils  no  change  can  be  noticed.  Some  business  has  been  done  on  speculations  in  Egyptians,  and  they  are  in  rather  more  request,  but  prices  are  quite  as  irregular  as  ever.  There  continues  to  be  a  good  demand  for  Surats,  and  the  sales  are  large,  but  without  producing  any  amendment  in  prices.  3,570  bales  American,  660  Egyptians,  and  4,800  Surats  have  been  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export,  and  27,520  bales  by  the  trade.  The  actual  export  consists  of  1,450  American,  30  Br  and  700  East  India—in  all  2,180  bales.  The  tut  il  imports  for  the  week  aro  21,942  bales.  PROVISIONS.—The  demand  for  beef  this  week  has  been  scarcely  so  brisk,  but  prices  have  not  varied,  and  holders  are  not  pressing.  There  is  no  chango  in  the  value  of  pork  ;  the  sales  are  to  a  moderate  extent,  and  the  stock  is  now  getting  into  a  manageable  compass.  The  inquiry  for  bacon,  though  far  from  active,  is  somewhat  improved  ;  the  present  moderate  price  of  American,  compared  with  Irish,  seems  likely  to  turn  attention  to  the  former.  Shoulders  are  without  change.  The  sales  of  lard  reach  nearly  200  tons;  a  slight  concession  having  en  made  by  one  holder  to  clear  out.  Cheese  sells  slowly  at  [ast  week's  prices,  but  only  the  finest  bring  the  top  quotation,  middling  qualities  are  difficult  to  move.  The  demand  for  lin-  seed  cake  is  active,  at  full  prices.  Tallow  is  lower  Is.  per  cwt.,  and  dull  at  the  decline.  The  corn  market  shows  a  still  upward  tendency,  and,  though  in  flour  there  has  been  some somewhat  what somewhat  less  activity,  wheat  has  been  in  good  request,  at  an  ad advance  vance advance  of  2d.  to  3d.  per  70  lbs.  Indian  corn  has  advanced  2s.  to  3s.  per  quarter.  Oats,  oatmeal,  and  beans,  also,  are  the  turn  dearer.  To-day  the  market  was  very  strong,  at  a  further  advance,  the  full  quotations  being  eagerly  paid  f  or  a  ll  articles.  Con  N.—The  weather  has  again  turned  to  wet,  and  though  in  many  parts  of  the  country  the  harvest  has  at  length  been  ter terminated,  minated, terminated,  it  has  been  under  unfavourable  circumstances  for  quality  and  condition,  in  both  which  respects,  as  well  as  the  experience  of  the  yield,  complaints  tend  rather  to  increase  than  otherwise.  Embarassed  as  our  grain  trade  is  by  the  many  distressing  circumstances  bearing  upon  it  this  season,  it  is  not  turprising  that  the  tendency  of  prices  in  all  directions  continues  towards  advance  ;  and  notwithstanding  somewhat  greater  cau caution  tion caution  in  going  into  extensive  stock  appears  to  be  exercised  by  consumers  ;  and  speculators,  from  the  probability  of  greater  stringency  in  monetary  affairs,  may  be  for  the  most  part  reluctant  to  enter  into  large  engagements,  there  seems  little  reason  to  hope  that  this  tendency  can  bo  effectually  checked  as  the  year  proceeds.  The  present  rates  of  wheat  and  flour  must  naturally  turn  consumption  more  upon  the  cheaper  articles  of  food,  and  these  latter  will  probably  bear  a  higher  relative  value  than  is  usual  when  the  general  course  of  prices  is  upon  a  moderate  scale.  The  trade  HERE  the  last  two  days  has  ruled  steady,  and  even  rather  dearer,  for  wheat  and  flour,  with  a  tolerable  but  not  large  demand.  Oatmeal  and  Indian  corn  have  been  in  good  request  at  very  full  prices."
