text
"AIERIC  A.  •  'fltei•J  A  Ft  all'. STYLE=superscript  St.  311010  0  racan  fi STYLE=superscript  5111.  1 STYLE=superscript  aes  to  (  14 STYLE=superscript  or  en-  The  A STYLE=superscript  RRIVAL  OF  THE  NIAGARA.  O  th  st STYLE=superscript  eam-ship  Niagara,  Captain  Leitch,  arrived  14  (  1  ti  B  Mersey  yesterday  morning,  from  Boston  t?Dte''tlillifax;  after  a  passage  of  ten  days  and  a-half  ti  l  ti  e  former  port;  and  by  her  we  have  received  o  t  f  li  .  e  p  9  ap  th  e7  from  New  York  to  the  Bth;  iii  ka STYLE=superscript  i  t STYLE=superscript  °  4  lles STYLE=superscript  to  and  Halifax  to  the  11th  inst.,  tiv  s  c STYLE=superscript  i  lu STYLE=superscript  The  advices  from  New  York  are  four  r  , STYLE=superscript  '  -  4tte  than  , STYLE=superscript  1,  21  ,  r  .  those  received  on  Saturday  by  the  Tea),  arrived  in  the  Clyde.  4 STYLE=superscript  4  0  6 STYLE=superscript  ,..  1\ri STYLE=superscript  cingara  has  brought  home  sixty-one  pas pasthe  the pasthe  i''  , STYLE=superscript  and  104,000  dollars  in  specie.  She  passed  tile  4ll STYLE=superscript  t  .  ier STYLE=superscript  .jea  from  Liverpool,  going  into  Halifax,  on  Tiliel  hinstant.  0r1  e  ,,,,  S STYLE=superscript  teamer  Sierra  Nevada  had  arrived  at  New  ,I  , STYLE=superscript  lyi  - STYLE=superscript  '  8 STYLE=superscript  With  1,200,000  dollars  in  gold  dust,  and  l) STYLE=superscript  cto  e STYLE=superscript  b  es STYLE=superscript  es  .  fr STYLE=superscript  °  l STYLE=superscript  z.  an  Francisco,  California,  to  16th  of  Tli,  ,-,'  14  -  'rolden  Gate,  which  left  San  Francisco  on  L  sa  n  „  'qi  —'  day, STYLE=superscript  had  1  130  000  dollars  in  gold  dust  on  _O  IL  1  r  h,  Th  e  i:fra  t  ,  .  amount  of  treasure  known  to  have  left  San  1 STYLE=superscript  3  , STYLE=superscript  th  .  T  8 STYLE=superscript  ,9,  0 STYLE=superscript  on  the  16th  ult.,  was  1,493,3  84 STYLE=superscript  dollars  e,  klierra  Nevada,  belonging  to  the  Nicaragua  ot  nd  1,055,133  dollars  by  the  Golden  Gate,  '  ~,,  Panama  line—being  over  'two  and  a  half  - STYLE=superscript  ,:  8 STYLE=superscript  of  dollars  on  board  the  two  steamers.  tie  l  $444  t  7ount  of  gold  in  the  hands  of  passengers  1 STYLE=superscript  110  1  '1  1 STYLE=superscript  board  the  Uncle  Sam,  would  doubtless  vti  l  'ile  amount  to  three  millions.  Ili  %  f  e  Irish  rebel,  Mr.  John  Mitchell,  had,  with  S  tt STYLE=superscript  \,  lll STYLE=superscript  i  l STYLE=superscript  Y,  arrived.  at  San  Francisco,  en  route  for  '44,?flc.  A  public  dinner  had  been  tendered  to  ° STYLE=superscript  ,te  ni  ,&#34;'  4 STYLE=superscript  ,i•eli  he  had  accepted.  The  Supreme  Court  . STYLE=superscript  eiki  h  'iernia  has  made  an  important  decision,  de de!he  !he de!he  A  l  valid  all  grants  made  in  accordance  with  •elt  -4e STYLE=superscript  xica  law.  The  effect  of  this  will  be  to  oust  ki  r  n  Nt  o  ,,  e STYLE=superscript  de  from  lots  held  by  them  for  years,  and  itle  r  :,  e STYLE=superscript  ,tbern  to  the  original  grantees.  It  is  con con-4ti  4ti con-4ti  ,:'  a  death  blow  to  the  squatters,  and  will  her  e  l STYLE=superscript  oillions  of  property  to  change  hands  by  the  gra  l  ,  kti'V  ) STYLE=superscript  Peration  of  the  law.  The  magnetic  tele tele,,,'  ,,,' tele,,,'  Is  working  from  San  Jose  to  San  Francisco.  i4;  4 STYLE=superscript  era  and  outrages  were  occurring  to  an  alarm alarmtlietit`tent  tlietit`tent alarmtlietit`tent STYLE=superscript  throughout  the  state.  •  The  City  govern governthe  the governthe  -  ,°  1 STYLE=superscript  San  Francisco  had  retired,  after  contesting  iki:'eCtioll,  and  the  new  one  been  finally  or orgN.,:;e(l.  gN.,:;e(l. orgN.,:;e(l.  The  improvements  in  the  city  - STYLE=superscript  were  pro.  S  i  ,  s  -ri STYLE=superscript  g  at  a  wonderful  rate.  The  city  of  Sonora  lion  destroyed  by  fire  on  the  3rd  October.  Ilk  ~e  of  the  accounts  represented  that  half  a  mil-  P.,ttl  ''''til  of  property  had  been  destroyed,  but  the  'oll  4  lll STYLE=superscript  ount  appears  to  have  been  about  300,000  t'aek.`•  Captain  Knight,  late  commander  of  the  y  tc-,ship  New  TVorld,  and  more  recently  agent  '4  1  Pacific  Mail  Steam-ship  Company,  died  on  it STYLE=superscript  h.  Oct.  L  h  e  ,NN)  O  ,,,  general  news  from  the  United  States  is  it  lent-  The  Washington  correspondent  of  '  t  ,`  i  b  e STYLE=superscript  ',  York  Herald,  gives  an  outline  of  what  'l,'t  ',  l  e STYLE=superscript  'leved  will  form  the  leading  features  of  'ol  ,4 STYLE=superscript  l  l. STYLE=superscript  '  e STYLE=superscript  ut  - STYLE=superscript  Pierce's  first  annual  message.  The  [N  iti  li  ambassadors  are  represented  as  being  eht_  . STYLE=superscript  rly  anxious  to  ascertain  what  would  be  tler  a  rY  of  the  American  government  in  case  of  a  1 STYLE=superscript  4  - STYLE=superscript  dvar  on  the  other  side  of  the  Atlantic  . STYLE=superscript  L STYLE=superscript  ieu,  the  m  view  with  suspicion  the  appointment  ,74001,  4 STYLE=superscript  gentlemen  belonging  to  the  progressive  t  ,'%ei  h  ;  ‘o  important  offices  abroad,  and  upon  the  ne,l,  - STYLE=superscript  of  each  steamer's  news,  it  is  reported  the  4  1ei  i  7  4 STYLE=superscript  minister  and  the  Austrian  charge  may  be  Noh‘raversing  Pennsylvania  avenue;  the  former  Rtt  e  :  Bll STYLE=superscript  lt  with  the  President  in  person,  and  the  It  c,  with  Secretary  Marcy.  Will  18 STYLE=superscript  understood  the  President,  in  his  message,  t STYLE=superscript  he  P  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  l7 STYLE=superscript  °,e  out  pretty  definitely  upon  the  subject  of  Itti  f  eelfio  railroad,  and  in  such  a  manner  as  to  ettr  ec  r  the STYLE=superscript  strictest  constructionist.  He  has  de detreol  treol detreol  that  the  proect  as  ressed  in  the  last  con con(Sr  (Sr con(Sr  -)r  Gwi  j STYLE=superscript  nn's  bill)  never  could  have  his  AI  he  has  intimated  pretty  clearly,  that  ill  is  passed  by  congress  during  his  will  have  to  overcome  a  veto  before  .e  law  of  the  land.  and  Tehuantepec  grant  will  be  en enthe  the enthe  administration,  and  the  treaty  y  Judge  Conkling,  recognisin  g  the  will  not  be  noticed  in  any  way  , STYLE=superscript  on  the  there  was  no  authority  given  to  Conk Conkkate  kate Conkkate  a  treaty,  and  that  the  Sloo  grant  .atic  fraud  to  get  rid  of  the  Garay  ATcg  '  •  lb.  Ith  I  h  d  •as#  b.  lb  , STYLE=superscript  a  cok  brAcf'  4J  r STYLE=superscript  gd  t'r  tent  will  recommend  a  general  system  I  trade  with  the  British  provinces  of  all  ;rowth  and  product  of  each  country,  ssion  of  fish,  duty  free,  upon  Ameri Ameri'n  'n Ameri'n  being  permitted  to  fish  on  the  to,  Scotia  and  New  Brunswick.  The  of  the  English  government  to  permit  leis  to  obtain  American  registers  will  ied,  but  the  suggestion  to  throw  open  trade  of  California  will  be  rejected  as  revision  of  the  tariff  will,  it  is  confi-  Id,  be  suggested  ;  and  with  this  view  •  of  the  treasury  was  busily  engaged  in  luminous  data,  to  show  the  consump consumpleveral  leveral consumpleveral  articles  of  trade,  and  will  sug sugnt  nt sugnt  modifications  in  all  such  articles  as  the  head  of  necessaries.  It  is  yet  ether  any  material  modifications  will  the  duty  on  iron  ;  but,  notwithstanding  gent  remonstrances  of  the  manufac manufacroad  road manufacroad  iron  in  the  United  States,  it  is  be-  Al  of  the  duty  on  that  particular  article  _Anmended.  ir  e  -;  secretary  of  the  navy  will  recommen  d STYLE=superscript  an STYLE=superscript  en enmk&amp;o;4ision STYLE=superscript  mk&amp;o;4ision enmk&amp;o;4ision  of  the  personnel  and  mat  eriel STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  ith',being  fully  impressed  with  the  w  orthlessness STYLE=superscript  fe  lt  existing  system.  A  retired  list  and  an  in intiLe STYLE=superscript  tiLe intiLe  of  pay  to  the  sailors,  will  form  a  pro  minent STYLE=superscript  in  his  report.  !kk  e  lgaps  the  most  important  feature  of  the  mes mesjet, STYLE=superscript  jet, mesjet,  will  be  its  allusion  to  the  position  of  the  Sand Sand-4slands,  4slands, Sand-4slands, STYLE=superscript  and  the  bold  avowal  of  the  impor imporep,e  ep,e imporep,e  Of  their  being  annexed  to  the  Un  ited STYLE=superscript  States. STYLE=superscript  :  11 STYLE=superscript  d  upon  it  tho  president  will  take  this  ground,  Pti  tt  '  Will,  probably,  be  the  immediate  cause  of  61 STYLE=superscript  /  1  7  8 STYLE=superscript  resolving  themselves  back  to  t  h STYLE=superscript  ei  r STYLE=superscript  original  '  1 STYLE=superscript  31  4  ,  41 STYLE=superscript  4.  The  secessionists  and  the  abolitionists  off  again  as  they  did  in  1850.  tic  ili  ° STYLE=superscript  also  learn  from  Washington  that  a  commis  t STYLE=superscript  i,et  ail  q  American  and  British  officers  h STYLE=superscript  as  been 'beenarea'  to  make  a  survey  of  the  Isthmus  of  preparatory  to  the  construction  of  a  ship ship!stm  !stm ship!stm  e  following  figures  give  a  statement  of  the  re re-4,4eili°  4,4eili° re-4,4eili° STYLE=superscript  and  expenditure  of  the  government  for  the  is  Year  ending  on  the  30th  of  June  last,  as  they  ,  s  ( STYLE=superscript  te  e  ,  ° STYLE=superscript  officially  reported  to  congress.  rp  o  _lPts  from  Customs  Dols.  58,931,865  52  k  i  k'',  !Ales  of  public  lands  1,667,084  99  to%llaneous,  and  miscellaneous  3,  738,623  89  PY.  li  tti  Total  •••  61,337,574  40  th  e  Treasury  July  1,  1852.  14,632,136  37  1;  1.04/1):  ;i  v STYLE=superscript  Total  means  ...  75,969,710  77  T  h:  Total  expenditure  ...  54,026,818  21  11 STYLE=superscript  ,14  01  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  8  statement  of  expenditure  includes  the  '  o STYLE=superscript  ,lot  paid  for  the  redemption  of  public  stocks,  It  '  55 STYLE=superscript  5  dole.  890.  4 STYLE=superscript  114,  1 STYLE=superscript  ,,,5tated  that  Captain  Comstock,  of  the  steam steaml'etruitialtie,  l'etruitialtie, steaml'etruitialtie,  has  resigned  the  command  of  that  and  that  he  is  now  on  his  last  trip.  He  4 STYLE=superscript  ,,t4l  o  :  ll STYLE=superscript  Perintend  the  building  of  the  mammo  th STYLE=superscript  is  - STYLE=superscript  &#34;el'  for  the  Fall  River  line,  and  when  put  on  ..c,4ll.oute  she  will  be  under  his  command.  Capt.  4o  ub  s  a  tock  has  long  been  a  great  favourite  on  the  he  will  be  succeeded  in  the  Baltic  b STYLE=superscript  y  iattt  p  7;t  4 STYLE=superscript  Eldridge,  late  of  Vanderbilt's  North  ith  o  ,:  ove STYLE=superscript  rnor  Seymour,  minister  to  Russia  , STYLE=superscript  was  4  44  at  to  leave  New  York  for  Liverpool,  en  route  for  cp  tty  eivices  received  at  New  Orleans,  we  have  news  Ni  n  e STYLE=superscript  arrival  of  a  government  express  at  San  An Ank„kafrolll  k„kafrolll Ank„kafrolll  El  Paso,  which  brings  intelligence  of  the  'A  t  of  five  thousand  Mexican  troops  upon  kit:latter  place.  This  assertion  rather  conflicts  Kki  the  statement  last  received  from  the  city  of  N  ki STYLE=superscript  eo,  that  Santa  Anna  and  the  Americanminister  ottisagreed  that  no  troops  of  either  country  should  NOY  the  M  es  ill  a  valley  while  negotiations  were  kry  with  regar  d  t  o  t  h  e  di  spu  t  e  d  t  err  itory.  _  ,N  maces  had  be  en  rece  i  ve  d  at  N  ew  Y  o  rk  from  the  •  I STYLE=superscript  Nt  Wl STYLE=superscript  eb.  Islands  bringing  the  important  announce-  N  l  _  th  at  a  decided  step  had  been  taken  towards  ktlelation  to  the  United  States.  The  French  kß  iti  45ritish  consols  had  protested  to  the  king  ,W  1  41 STYLE=superscript  14!  such  an  act,  and  the  American  commis-  Irlov  nad  replied  in  a  firm  but  dignified  manner.  t  ement  had  caused  the  greatest  excitement  island.  B.  F.  Angell,  U.  S.  consul,  has  e  °M STYLE=superscript  cially  received  by  the  King,  to  whom  he  '4144  B STYLE=superscript  Peech,  in  which  he  said  that  the  Hawaiian  t STYLE=superscript  .of  foreign  affairs  had  informed  him  that  the  course  of  his  predecessor  in  office  had  given  entire  approbation  to  the  Hawaiian  government,  and  he  hoped  that  he  might  be  equally  successful.  Mr.  Angell  assured  the  king  of  the  continued  friendly  feeling  of  the  United  States  government  and  people,  and  that  they  would  preserve  invio inviolate  late inviolate  the  treaty  stipulations.  The  king  replied  in  appropriate  terms,  thanking  Mr.  Angell  for  these  assurances.  By  the  arrival  of  the  steamship  Black  Warrior  we  have  received  advices  from  Havana  to  the  29th  ult.  The  Cuban  planters  had  been  thrown  into  a  great  state  of  excitement  in  consequence  of  the  groundless  rumors  relative  to  England's  project  to  Africanise  the  island,  by  abolishing  slavery,  through  the  apprenticeship  system.  The  planters  well  know  that  such  a  scheme  would  be  a  death  blow  to  their  prosperity,  and  soon  reduce  the  con condition  dition condition  of  Cuba  to  a  level  with  Jamaica  and  Hayti.  Six  more  American  seaman  had  been  arrested  and  lodged  in  prison,  on  a  charge  of  having  been  en engaged  gaged engaged  on  board  the  bark  Jasper,  which  the  autho authorities  rities authorities  allege  was  concerned  in  the  slave  trade.  The  advices  from  Tampico  supply  us  with  ex extracts  tracts extracts  from  the  Eco,  which  complains  in  earnest  terms  of  the  effect  of  the  new  tariff,  in  preventing  the  import  of  foreign  breadstuffs.  It  declares  that  there  is  so  little  flour  in  the  market  in  consequence,  that  it  has  risen  to  a  high  price,  and  that  it  is  of  such  bad  quality  that  the  bread  made  from  it— itfurther  further itfurther  deteriorated  as  this  is  by  the  wet  weather  which  has  been  prevailing  in  the  city  of  late—is  not  only  unpleasant,  but  it  is  positively  injurious  to  health.  The  800,  consequently,  makes  a  strong  direct  appeal  to  the  supreme  government  and  'the  authorities,  to  take  immediate  steps  to  relieve  the  citizens  from  the  difficulty  which  the  new  tariff  has  imposed  upon  them,  by  facilitating  the  introduction  of  foreign  breadstuffs,  as  they  cannot  otherwise  be  readily  obtained.  Later  advices  from  Port-au-Prince  report  the  yellow  fever  as  prevailing  there  with  great  severity.  The  cholera  is  said  to  be  committing  dreadful  havoc  among  the  inhabitants  of  Yucatan  ;  in  the  town  of  Moyda,  at  last  accounts,  they  were  dying  at  the  rate  of  one  hundred  a  day.  The  Board  of  Health  of  the  city  of  Mobile  have  officially  announced  that  the  yellow  fever  had  ceas ceased  ed ceased  to  prevail  there  as  an  epidemic.  The  Daily  Ad Advertiser  vertiser Advertiser  publishes  the  annexed  tabular  statement  of  the  interments  in  Mobile,  from  August  Ist  to  Oct.  26th  Yellow  Other  Fever.  Causes.  Total.  From  Aug.  Ito  Aug.  12,  inclusive  8  44  52  For  the  week  ending  Aug  19  39  32  71  011  s  •06  ...26  37  27  64  •••  ...  Sept...  2...  156  44  200  •••  •••  ...  9...  194  47  241  -.  ...16...  177  35  212  •••  •••  ...23...  110  22  132  ...30...  61  36  97 STYLE=superscript  -.  Oct...  7...  32  28  60  •••  •••  ...14...  26  16  42  ...  ..21...  34  24  58  From  Oct.  22  to  Oct.  26,  inclusive  15  27  42  Total  from  Aug.  Ito  Oct.  26...889  377  1256  The  Advertiser  adds  that  of  the  377  deaths  attri attributed  buted attributed  to  other  at  least  one  half  were  pro produced  duced produced  by  yellow  fever  ;  so  that  of  the  entire  aggre aggregate  gate aggregate  of  1,256  deaths  occuring  within  the  eighty eightyseven  seven eightyseven  days  included  in  the  table,  1,072  may  be  set  down  as  fever  cases,  and  this  in  a  population  of  eleven  thousand  persons.  During  these  twelve  weeks  Mo Mobile  bile Mobile  lost  eleven  per  cent.  of  her  population,  ten  per  cent.  being  from  yellow  fever.  COMMERCIAL.  The  Commercial  news  by  the  Niagara  is  not  by  any  means  of  a  favourable  character.  From  Buffalo  we  have  the  announce announcement  ment announcement  of  the  failure  of  Pitchin's  Bank.  It  was  brought  about  by  large  loans  to  the  Buffalo  and  New  York  City  railroad  Co.,  whose  affairs,  under  the  stringency  of  the  money  market,  are  severely  embarrassed.  Mr.  Pitchin,  the  President  of  the  Bank,  is  also  President  of  the  Railroad,  and  has  assumed  liabilities,  which  in  consequence  of  the  difficulty  in  disposing  of  the  bonds  and  securities  of  the  road,  has  resulted  in  the  discredit  of  the  bank  bills,  which  are,  however,  abundantly  secured  with  the  banking  department.  It  is  believed  Mr.  Pitchin's  large  private  fortune  will  be  devoted  to  prevent  the  loss  to  the  depositors.  The  notes  of  the  Bank  of  Massillon,  Ohio  ,  had  been  dis discredited  credited discredited  a  t  Ci  nc  i  nna  ti.  The  New  York  Herald  failures  reported  yesterday,  of  the  Oswe STYLE=superscript  g  o STYLE=superscript  Bank, STYLE=superscript  New STYLE=superscript  York  ;  the  Bank  of  Massillon,  Ohio,  and  a  bank  in  Con Connecticut,  necticut, Connecticut,  were  caused  directly  by  their  connection  with  ope operations  rations operations  in  the  different  classes  of  railroad  securities.  The  taiture  of  .uwigat,  jun.,  tue  oamler,  uroxer,  and  railroad  constructor,  carried  the  institutions  named  above  down  with  him.  They  mere  all  in  the  same  boat,  and  the  same  wave  swamped  the  party.  It  is  reported  that  Mr.  Dwight  has  hypothecated  in  different  banks  in  Wall-street  upwards  of  two  hundred  thousand  dollars  of  bills  issued  by  the  Connec Connecticut  ticut Connecticut  bank  referred  to,  all  of  which  must  now  come  out.  This  gives  a  pretty  good  idea  of  how  deeply  some  of  the  country  banks  are  involved  in  the  system  recently  adopted  for  the  extension  of  internal  improvements.  That  the  country  banks  generally,  have  been  largely  extended  in  their  operations,  is  shown  by  the  way  they  have  drawn  down  their  deposits  in  this  city.  They  have  required  every  dollar  of  their  available  means,  to  meet  their  liabilities  as  presented,  and  it  is  our  impression  that  many  of  them  are  weak  and  shaky.  The  New  York,  Hornellsville,  and  Buffalo  Railroad  Com Company  pany Company  had  suspended  payment.  Mr.  Pratt,  belonging  to  a  forwarding  house  at  Buffalo  is  also  reported  to  have  sus suspended  pended suspended  payment.  His  liabilities  are  said  to  be  over  two  hundred  thousand  dollars.  The  effect  of  these  financial  dif difficultieslin  ficultieslin difficultieslin  the  western  part  of  the:state  of  New  York  it  is  feared  will  prove  most  disastrous.  These  and  other  failures  had,  as  a  matter  of  course,  caused  considerable  inconvenience  and  depression  in  commercial  circles,  but  there  appears  to  be  a  strong  feeling  that  the  worst  was  known,  and  that  every  day  would  show  an  im improvement.  provement. improvement.  The  last  report  of  the  New  York  stock  mar market  ket market  says  there  appeared  to  be  some  light  breaking  on  the  prolonged  money  gloom,  on  Saturday.  The  stock  houses  are,  comparatively  speaking,  small  borrowers  on  demand.  Those  who  have  still  a  heavy  burden  to  bear  in  the  way  of  hypothecation  are  not  so  frequently  required  to  shift  their  loans.  The  dear  rates  on  paper  early  in  the  week  are  scarcely  sustained.  There  was  more  currency  for  prime  names  at  12  if)  cent.  The  mercantile  classes  are  growing  exceedingly  impatient  of  the  continued  bank  contraction,  and  the  peculiar  exponents  of  the  importing  interest  are  throwing  the  whole  blame  upon  the  banks  The  stock  market  was  rather  lifeless  on  the  speculative  list.  The  railroads  were  Qto  1  per  cent  lower  ;  Reading  especially  weak  at  the  close.  In  Canton,  Transit,  and  the  Coal  Fancies,  a  fair  amount  of  contracts  were  made.  The  'rders  for  New  York  Central,  Delaware,  and  Hudson,  Pennsylvania  Coal,  at  111  for  Central,  106,  to  107  for  De Delaware,  laware, Delaware,  and  106  for  Pennslyvania  coal.  The  Delaware  stock  is  on  the  eve  of  a  6  per  cent.  semi-annual  dividend,  and  the  Pennsylvania  company  will  declare  in  January.  There  was  only  a  limited  business  done  in  exchange  for  remittance  by  the  Niagara,  and  the  quotations  on  London  did  not  range  higher  than  1091,  to  109  g.  We  subjoin  full  reports  of  the  markets.  P3_TB00020 01:  i  m STYLE=superscript  p  s STYLE=superscript  e  l STYLE=superscript  l  the  sti  0  •  tre,  s  that  th  e  to  !Et  h  (Senator  f  eti STYLE=superscript  °  ll STYLE=superscript  ;  and  ttool;f  W  e  ll STYLE=superscript  ieh  a  bill  Il  e STYLE=superscript  it  eidency,  it  s  to  lieernes  the  liocv  ,  40  r4  e  Garay  0  1,1  ti  e  e  d  by  t]  iliptiated  by  t  0 STYLE=superscript  grant.  wi  011nd  that  V  O  s.  ,  gto  negotu  diploma  it  .al  the  Presidt  t  Ttiand  tL  s'the  gi  cLi  •  .l  ei  th  e  admit  toa  Bt  lit  o  ,  8 STYLE=superscript  Qf  Novi  61  )  tOirSitiOn  ju  fro;  ji  ; STYLE=superscript  .,  vesse  c,  th  e  oPpose  ‘4  o  castin  g  #  4 STYLE=superscript  stitutio  l  Yc  Y  le  A STYLE=superscript  00  dep  t  13 STYLE=superscript  aPlete  Stated  ro'  1%.  •  t.  e STYLE=superscript  Att  •  1 STYLE=superscript  Y  b  ut  r:ng  vol  n  the  se  t STYLE=superscript  pk  e  ll4 STYLE=superscript  Portan  ts:  1 STYLE=superscript  )  I  Nit  o  Plider  't  whet  t STYLE=superscript  i:  Aa STYLE=superscript  de  in  tli  e  ts  /  tu  r  e  rnoat  ur  •  ileye~ef  railr  lvil  e STYLE=superscript  d  a  b  repea  1  4  e  recom  t STYLE=superscript  tto  e STYLE=superscript  SeorPtil"
