text
"holder,  it  would  be  found  in  the  stupendous  machinery  which  propels  her.  Scarcely  a  vibration  was  to  be  felt  as  her  huge  cranks  and  pistons  rose  ~  even  the  eruptible  tremour  will  bs  lessened,  when  use  e  first  stiffness.  She  slowly  steamed  up  to  the  Sloyne,  and  anchored  at  her  moorings  at  half-past  twelve  o'clock  ;  and  here  she  will  take  in  the  remainder  of  has  warn  away  ti  her  cargo,  A  numerous  party  of  gentlemen  were  invited  to  witness  the  departure  from  the  dock,  those  to  whom  cards  were  sent  comprising  --the  Mayor  and  Magistrates  of  Liverpool  the  chairman  and  members  of  the  dock  committee;  the  chairman  of  the  pilot  committ€  Ir.  Potter,  chairman  of  r.  W.  lrown,  M.P.,  e  underwriters'  and  the  other  nuraber,s  for  -South  Lancashire  ;  Colons  Scott,  commander  of  the  forces  of  the  Manchester  district  Colonel  Bell,  commander  o'  forces  of  he  Liverpool  district;  Colonel  Key,  of  the  15th  Hu.  Scott,  son  of  the  Duke  of  Buccleuch  ;  Adjutant  Edwaras  ,  W.  Shuttleworth,  Esq  ,  Town  Clerk;  Joseph  Pollock,  Esq.,  judge  of  the  county  court  ;  the  American,  French,  Sar Sardinian,  dinian, Sardinian,  and  Turkish  Consuls  '  •  the  Collector,  Comptrolle  r  ,  and  Inspector  7  g  enera  l  o  f  the  Customs  at  Liverpool;  the  Postmaster  of  Liverpool,  C.  B.  Banning,  Esq.,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  ;  Mr.  T.  B.  Horsfall,  M.P.  ;  and  Mr.  J.  C.  Ewart,  M.P.,  members  of  the  borough,  were  also  invited,  but  they,  as  well  as  other  gentlemen  to  whom  cards  were  sent,  were  unable  to  attend.  After  the  ship  had  been  secured  at  her  moorings,  the  company  de3cended  to  the  saloon,  where  they  were  enter entertained  tained entertained  at  a  sumptuous  - STYLE=superscript  dejeuner.  In  the  absence  of  Charles  Maclver,  Esq.,  who  is  at  Maltz,  the  chair  was  occupied  by  Donald  Currie,  Esq.,  supported  on  the  right  by  William  Brown,  Esq.,  M.P.,  and  on  the  left  by  Francis  Shand,  Esq.,  vice-chairman  of  the  Dock  Committee.  The  vice vicechair  chair vicechair  was  filled  by  Captain  Judkin,  commander  of  the  Persia.  .  rs;  Lord  Witter  After  the  repast  had  been  partaken  of,  the  usual  loyal  toasts  were  drunk  with  all  the  honours.  The  toast  of  the  of  the  French  and  our  VMS  then  drunk,  and  it  was  succeeded  by  that  of  the  Army  and  Lord  Walter  Scott  briefly  acknowledged  the  compliment  on  the  part  of  the  army.  Capin  Schomberg  responded  for  the  navy,  and  in  the  course  of  his  observations,  referred  to  the  services  rendered  in  the  presen:  war  by  the  steam  mercantile-marine  of  this  country.  Not  only  had  its  ships  conveyed  the  armies  of  Great  Britain  to  the  seat  of  war,  but  they  h  a  d  a  l  so  conveye  d  the  great  part  of  the  armies  f  the  Allies,  and,  moreover,  they  had  fed  those  armies  at  a  distance  of  3,000  miles  from  home..•  (Cheers.)  Th  a  t  h  e  th  oug  h  t  reflected  the  highest  honour  on  the  directors  of  the  steam-ship  companies  of  England—(hear,  hear)—and  especially  on  the  Cunard  Com Company,  pany, Company,  whose  fleet  was  among  the  most  conspicuous.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers)  The  captains,  and  officers,  and  crews  of  those  ships—and  upon  all  of  them  the  labour  had  chiefly  devolved—had  distinguished  themselves  in  the  performance  of  their  duty  (hear,  hear),  and  he  had  great  pleasure  in  having  an  opportunity  to  give  expression  to  that  feeling,  because  he  felt  assured  that  in  doing  so,  he  spoke  as  the  mouthpiece  of  the  navy.  (Haar_  hp4,l  k  ilear,  near.  As  to  the  ship  o  n  which  they  were  then  on  board,)  her  builder  was  a  man  whose  celebrity  and  name  were  known  in  the  most  remote  parts  of  the  globe,  certainly  wherever  the  British  flag  floated  ;  and  if  it  were  any  satisfaction  for  a  tutor  to  know  of  the  success  of  his  pupils,  Nr.  Napier  should  feel  it  in  the  fact  that  some  of  the  officers  who  had  his  factories,  now  commanded  some  of  the  finest  ships  in  her.nijesty's  service.  (Cheers  )  iThe  Chairman  then  gave  the  Health  of  the  Members  for  the  county  and  the  end  coupled  with  the  toast  the  name  of  Mr.  W.  Brawn,  !f  P.  Mr.  W.  Brown,  M.  P..  acknowledged  the  compliment  in  brief  terms.  The  of  the  Mayor  and  Corporation  of  s  then  drank;  Mr.  Alderman  S.  Holme  responded.  He  said  he  could  have  no  hesitation  in  returninz  the  company  hig  sincere  thanks  on  behalf  of  the  body  with  which  he  had  the  honour  to  be  connects  them.  It  was  that  he  came  on  board  the  sp.,.  saloon  they  were  then  assembled  ;  fo  the  compliment  which  had  been  pai  Li  a  feelin  4,  in  iihose  r  juvenile—(laughter):  —still  he  remembered  the  period  when  he  chased  r  11)1)  . STYLE=superscript  0  within  a  field  of  the  noble  dock  fr frwhich  which frwhich  they  had  that  morning  come;  and  when  the  -  town  of  Liverpool  went  down  to  look  at  a  ship  of  500  tons  as  a  matter  of  the  greatest  curiosity,  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  Now  they  were  on  b  oar  d  a  vessel  whose  tonnage  was  so  enormous  that  he  was  almost  afraid  to  state  it,  and  yet,  large  as  she  was,  he  understood  that  she  was  to  be  succeeded  by  a  vessel  no  less  than  680  feet  in  length.  (Hear,  hear.)  When  he  had  looked  in  the  magnificent  engines,  heard  their  pulsation,  and  seen  how  such  a  mass  of  iron  could  be  turned  and  propelled,  he  exnerienced  a  fee'ing  of  awe,  and  of  wonder,  when  he  considered  the  skill  which  had  conceived,  and  the  p  ower  and  energy  which  had  executed  so  sublime  an  erection,  and  his  heart  had  been  lifted  up  to  Him  who  ,  gave  the  genius  to  conceive,  the  mind  to  design,  and'  the  skill  to  execute.  (Cheers.)  He  treated  the  Corporation,  in  all  their  measures,  would  look  forward  and  provide  for  the  increased  size  of  their  ships— ships(hear,  (hear, ships(hear,  hear)—and  they  would  go  hand-in-hand  with  the  spirit  of  energy  which  always  characterised  this  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  had  always  been  an  advocate  for  every  measure  of  the  public  bodies  being  carried  out  upon  the  largest  and  most  gigantic  scale,  and  he  would  not  hesitate  to  say  that  if  small  measures  characterised  the  public  bodies  of  Liverpool,  they  would  not  be  doing  their  duty,  or  acting  fairly  towards  the  skill,  energy,  and  enterprise  of  the  com commercial  mercial commercial  community  of  the  town.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  begged  again  to  thank  them  most  cordially,  and  he  trusted  he  might  venture  to  say,  in  reference  to  the  ship,  on  lading,ci  may  God  give  th  e  good  ship  a  speedy  and  safe  board  of  which  they  now  wer  e  ,  i  n  t  h  e  words  of  the  bill  of  ,(Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  The  toast  of  Magistrates  of  the  B  was  then  drunk.  and  responded  to  by  Mr.  Edward  Cropper.  The  Chairman  then  gave  the  Health  of  the  Chairman  and  Members  of  the  Dock  In  doing  so,  he  observed  that  the  Cunard  Company  were  grateful  to  the  committee  for  the  consideration  which  was  always  given  to  their  applications  ;  but  while  the  company  'gratefully  ac acknowledged  knowledged acknowledged  every  facility  afforded  them,  he  was  sure  that  the  committee  would  admit  that  they  never  asked  for  what  was  unreasonable.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Cunard  himself  was  anxious  to  be  present  to  express  the  sentiments  of  the  company  towards  the  dock  committee,  hut  being  unahle  to  e-tend,  he  requested  that  he  (the  chairman)  would  do  so.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  conclusion,  he  would  again  say,  in  regard  to  the  committee,  that  as  the  company  only  reasonably  asked  what  they  required,  they  were  liberally  met  in  what  they  demanded.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  Francis  Shand,  in  the  absence  of  Mr.  Chas.  Turner,  chairman  of  the  committee,  acknowledged  thecompliment.  He  could  assure  them  that  the  committee  were  ready  and  willing  to  facilitate  the  enterprise,  of  which  such  a  ship  as  the  Persia  was  the  result,  and  at  the  same  time  he  should  say,  that  no  company  came  forward  in  a  more  liberal  spirit  than  the  Cunard  company,  nor  was  there  one  to  which  the  Dock  Committee  had  greater  satisfaction  in  fulfilling  all  they  asked.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  regretted  that  the  chairman  of  the  committee  - STYLE=superscript  was  not  present,  because  though  he  fully  felt  the  rbaponsibilitiea  of  his  office,  he  could  yet  more  nearly  measure  the  largeness  of  their  duties  by  observing  the  size  of  the  vessel  for  which  the  port  had  to  provide  accom accommodation.  modation. accommodation.  (Hear,  hear.  hear.)  He  could  only  say,  that  it  was  the  ,earnest  desire  of  the  committee  to  keep  pace  with  the  progress  of  the  age,  and  to  provide  for  the  increased  size  of  ships,  and  the  requirements  of  the  port.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Chairman,  in  introducing  the  next  toast,  said  that  reference  had  been  made  to  the  services  of  the  steam  mer mercantile  cantile mercantile  marine  in  conveying  the  troops  to  the  seat  of  war  and  supplying  them  with  provisions,  and  Captain  Schoen Schoenberg  berg Schoenberg  had  paid  a  tribute  to  the  commercial  men  whose  enterprise  had  cared  those  fleets  into  existence.  He  did  not  intend  to  be  egotistical  when  he  said  be  believed  those  ships  were  well  managed—(hear,  hear,)—but  they  had  been  well  paid  for  it,  because  of  the  simple  fact  that  they  could  not  be  done  without,  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  But,  while  they  prided  themselves  on  those  ships,  it  should  not  be  for forgotten  gotten forgotten  that,  at  this  port  at  least,  the  Admiralty  agent,  had  contributed  not  a  little  in  securing  for  them  that  efficiency  by  which  they  had  been  so  distinguished.  (Hear,  hear.)  Captain  Bevis  was  the  Admiralty  agent  at  this  part-  -  auu  lle  (the  chairman),  could  say,  that  no  man  could  perform  more  satisfactorily  and  conscientiously  the  onerous  duties  which  devolved  on  his  office,  than  he  did,.:(llear,  hear.)  To  all,"
