text
"Metropolis,  at  which  the  railway  in  England  were  A.nd.  the  standing  committee  they  have  appointed,  can  only  be  looked  t  won  as  a  Peculation  and  Fraud.  Det  Lion  Society  object  is  to  expose  mal-practiso  and  bring  reproa  santly  mulcted  of  their  principal,  and  bamboozled  out  of  their  dividends.  Parliament,  though  they  were  composed  of  nothing  but  railway  directors,  must  investigate  the  whole  question  of  railway  management,  and  make  themselves  acquainted  with  the  expenditure  and  receipts  of  those  important  undertakings.  Shareholders  are  not  extortionate.  They  do  not  to  place  the  country  at  any  disadvantage  by  iemanding  for  their  exclusive  benefit—as  capitalists  who  have  provided  the  immense  sums  invested  in  All  they  railways—an  em  ssive  rate  of  interest  ask  is  4  per  cent.  ;  and  the,'railway  that  cannot  pay  this  dividend  ought  to  be  broken  up,  and  the  land  it  occupies  returned  to  the  plough.  The  sum  ex-  pended  on  railways  is  estimated  at  28  which  would  require  11,440,000/.  to  pay  a  dividend  In  1834  the  total  railway  receipts  ),.215,0001.,  which  would  leave  a  A  4  per  cent  .mounted  to  action  over  'vested,  t  per  cent.  on  the  entire  capital  working  and  all  of  the  Legi  And  the  question  fo  le  is  a  to  dec  whether  railways,  taltii  one  line  with  another,  can  be  worked  for,  say  30  per  cent.  We  believe  they  can  ;  yet,  should  it  be  found  on  investigation  they  cannot,  railway  share shareholders  holders shareholders  must  be  contented  with  three  and  a  half  or  three  per  cent.  But,  whatever  they  may  be  entitled  to,  Parliament  is  bound  to  see  that  they  receive  it  fairly  and  honestly,  and  that  they  are  not  fleeced  out  of  their  rights  by  the  dronishness  of  directors—who  leave  everything  to  the  integrity  of  harpers  by  whom  they  ar  surrounded—  and  a  syste.  nts  which  appears  to  be  designed  to  keep  the  heads  of  departments  lowing  what  the  other  is  doing,  and  to  prevent  Directors  and  Shareholders  from  getting  an  insight  into  their  affairs.  To  raise  the  scale  of  charges,  with  a  view  of  obtaining  a  dividend,  would  be  a  gross  injustice  to  the  whole  community;  and  we  question  if  it  - STYLE=superscript  would  secure  the  desired  end.  It  ought  not,  however,  to  be  attempted  until  the  public  are  satisfied  that  really  fair  and  honest  administration  of  railway  affairs  had  failed  to  secure  a  dividend  of  four  per  cent.  There  are  many  in  favour  of  funding  the  entire  railway  capital  of  the  country,  and  guaran guaranteeing  teeing guaranteeing  to  shareholders  a  dividend  of  :31  per  cent,  But  this  would  require  the  transfer  of  the  manage management  ment management  of  all  railways  to  the  Government—a  subject  which  we  consider  too  vast  to  think  of  entertaining  until  every  other  expedient  has  failed.  It  is  quite  certain  that  the  railway  pro property  perty property  of  the  country  cannot  be  left  as  it  is.  Such  a  prodigious  amount  of  the  nation's  substance  cannot  be  given  up  as  so  much  prey  to  jackalls  and  wolves.  We  have  not  much  confidence  now  ever,  in  committees  composed  of  men  who,  some  day,  hope  to  fill  the  vacant  places  of  chairmen,  vice  chairmen,  and  directors,  to  whom  they  are  opposed.  The  subject  is  one  for  the  most  search searching  ing searching  Parliamentary  enquiry,  in  which  the  share shareholders  holders shareholders  of  every  badly  managed  line  in  the  , STYLE=superscript  dom  should  be  represented  by  counsel  and  ineers,  not  mixed  up  with  the  present  system  A  legislative  tribunal  only  can  bring  to  light  all  that  remains  to  be  told.  If  railways  bel.mged  to  some  half  dozen  private  individuals,  who  were  managing  them  for  their  of  management,  own  benefit,  is  it  reasonable  to  suppose  that  they  would  be  satisfied  with  a  dividend  of  even  4  per  cent?  The  Bank  of  England,  the  East  India  Board,  our  underwriters  and  large  insurance  offices,  —which  have  as  large  a  capital  afloat,  and  whose  risks  are  as  great  as  the  majority  of  our  railways—pocket  something  more  than  4  per  cent  on  their  business  !  But,  if  they  do,  they  ar(  indebted  to  the  frugal  and  honest  management  of  I  by  rule  ;  and  that  railway  shareholder  anxious  to  follow  their  example  is  certain.  Only  a  few  days  since,  an  application  was  made  to  a  leading  man  in  trade  in  this  town—who  has  so  arranged  his  business  that  he  carries  on  one  of  the  largest  establishments  in  Liverpool,  and  another  still  more  extensive  in  London,  in  such  a  way  that  they  give  him  little  or  no  trouble—to  accept  the  vacant  chairmanship  of  the  Eastern  Counties  Railway.  And  this  gentleman  does  not  hesitate  to  state  emphatically  that  within  a  very  few  years  he  would  resuscitate  that  gigantic  Company,  and  place  it  in  a  thoroughly  sound  and  prosperous  condition  But,  as  he  very  justly  observes,  who  would  undertake  that  very  responsi responsible  ble responsible  situation,  and  lay  himself  open  to  be  assailed  by  dissatisfied  and  captious  shareholders  at  every  half  yearly  meeting,  for  2,000/.  a  year  ?  Railway  constituencies  should  get  honest  and  practical  They  men  of  business  to  conduct  their  affairs  should  pay  them  properly,  and  having  pla  ce  d  th  em  in  a  position  to  guard  their  interests,  they  should  treat  them  with  all  due  respect.  The  chairman  of  a  railway  board  should  devote  his  life  to  the  interests  of  his  company;  and  if  he  were  a  clear  headed  man  of  business,  he  would  be  able  at  any  moment  to  satisfy  the  shareholders  as  to  the  condition  of  every  portion  of  their  property.  It  only  requires  system  and  honest  super supervision  vision supervision  to  accomplish  this  :  and  with  receipts  steadily  increasing,  year  after  year,  the  railway  property  of  the  country  would  inevitably  become  a  source  of  increasing  remuneration  to  those  whose  capital  it  has  absorbed  and  whose  money  is  now  squandered  by  boards  of  directors— directorsthe  the directorsthe  majority  of  whom  never  handled  a  ledger,  and  could  scarcely  tell  you  the  debtor  from  the  credit  side  of  any  one  book  used  in  the  offices  of  the  companies  whose  daily  transactions  they  direct."
