text
"POLICE  v  COURT.  --ESTERDAY.  DRUNKENNESS.—John  Chander,  a  provision  dealer  in  Copperas-hill,  was  charged  by  John  Scribe,  a  publican,  55,  Dale-street,  with  being  drunk  in  his  house,  and  destroying  a  new  suit  of  clothes  that  he  had  on.  The  prosecutor  stated  that  the  prisoner  came  into  his  house  at  9  o'clock  on  Monday  night  last,  intoxicated,  and  in  consequence  of  the  prisoner  using  abusive  language,  he  put  him  out,  and  he  returned  in  a  short  time  afterwards,  using  most  disgusting  language  ;  .  and  he  went  to  put  him  out  again,  when  he  tore  his  coat  and  waistcoat.  Damage  done,  £3  10s.  He  was  fined  ss.  and  costs  for  being  drunk,  and  the  magistrate  ordered  the  prosecutor  to  take  out  a  summons  for  damages.  Patrick  Lloyd,  a  lodging-house  keeper  in  Chisenhall-street,  charged  with  keeping  lodgers,  and  not  being  registered,  was  fined  20s.  and  costs:  CHARGE  OF  REFUSING  TO  WORK.—  Wm.  Walsh,  Henry  Bradley,  Michael  Meagre,  Henry  Dalton,  and  Wm.  Everest,  seamen,  were  charged  by  Captain  Hunt,  of  the  ship  Reindeer,  bound  for  Odessa,  with  refusing  to  work,  or  to  go  in  the  ship,  after  having  signed  articles.  The  prosecutor  said  that  he  went  on  board  the  ship  about  four  o'clock  on  Monday  last,  when  the  chief  mate  informed  him  that  the  five  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  refused  to  work  the  ship.  The  prosecutor  called  the  prisoners  together  in  the  forecastle,  but  they  (the  prisoners)  refused  to  work;  he  again  asked  them  to  work  at  8  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  but  they  still  refused.  The  prisoners,  in  their  defence,  stated  that  there  were  not  hands  enough  to  work  the  ship,  and  that  the  forecastle  was  leaky.  Magistrate  :  You  must  either  go  with  the  captain,  or  go  to  gaol.  Prisoners  :  We  will  go  to  gaol.  They  were  each  sent  to  gaol  for  30  days,  with  hard  labour.  SMUGGLING.—TWO  American  seamen,  named  Carigan  and  Clarke  were  charged  by  Thomas  Woolcock,  a  custom customhouse  house customhouse  officer,  who  was  on  duty  at  the  Huskisson  dock  on  the  26th  instant,  with  smuggling  161bs.  of  foreign  manufactured  tobacco.  The  magistrate  inflicted  a  penalty  of  1001.  each,  but  recommended  them  to  the  consideration  of  the  excise,  and  he  (the  magistrate)  had  no  doubt  they  would  do  some something  thing something  for  them.  Anderson  Millburne,  a  seaman,  was  charged  with  smuggling  11b.  10  oz.  of  foreign  manufactured  tobacco.  The  custom-house  officer  stated  that  he  stopped  the  prisoner  on  the  Coburg  dock  quay  and  found  the  above  quaeity  of  tobacco  concealed  in  his  boots.  He  was  ordered  to  pay  16s.  3d.,  the  value  of  the  tobacco.  William  Lawson,  a  master  mariner,  brought  to  the  bride bridewell  well bridewell  drunk,  and  locked  up  for  safety,  said  he  lost  seven  sovereigns  and  the  papers  of  the  thip  which  he  was  captain  of.  lie  said  he  had  them  when  he  was  taken.  The  bride bridewell  well bridewell  keeper  stated  that  he  was  searched  when  he  came  in,  and  only  one  half-penny  found  upon  him.  The  prisoner  said  ho  was  in  a  public  house  drinking  that  night.  The  magistrate  discharged  him  with  orders  to  give  information  at  the  police-office.  THE  EXTENSIVE  COTTON  ROBBERY  BY  FORGED  ORDERS,  —James  Wood,  (formerly  warehouseman  to  Mr.  James  Sedden,  warehousekeeper,  of  this  town,)  Nancy  Handley,  (landlady  The  in  Sir  Thomas's-buildings,  whose  husband  is  at  present  confined  in  Lancaster  Castle  for  debt,)  and  John  Bentley,  a  dealer  in  cotton,  living  at  Oldham,  were  again  brought  before  the  magistrates,  having  each  been  remanded  on  several  occasions.  Mr.  Black  appeared  for  Woods,  Mr.  Roby  for  the  female,  and  Mr.  Yates  for  Bentley.  Since  the  apprehension  of  the  first  named  prisoner,  the  de detailed  tailed detailed  facts,  as  they  came  before  the  court,  have  appeared  in  this  journal.  This  day  the  time  of  the  court  was  occupied  several  hours,  there  being  upwards  of  30  witnesses  examined,  when  the  following  facts  were  elicited—  In  the  year  1850,  upwards  of  300  bales  of  cotton,  the  property-  of  Messrs.  Washington  Jackson,  Sons  and  Co.,  were  deposited  with  Mr.  Seddon,  70  bales  of  which  were  placed  in  his  sheds,  which  extend  from  Carleton-street  to  Regent-street,  which  shed  the  prisoner  Woods  had  the  management  of.  In  the  early  part  of  the  present  month,  the  clerk  or  warehouseman  discovered  that  some  of  the  cotton  had  been  taken  from  the  shed,  and  upon  looking  over  the  file  the  following  order  was  found  :  Liverpool,  17th  Sept.,  1853.  Mr.  James  Seddon.—Please  deliver  and  allow  the  hearer,  samples  B  L,  43  bales  cotton,  ex  Judah  lying  in  your  shed,  Carlton?  street,  W.  Jackson  Sons  and  Co.,  zl  w  es  er  o  e  n  s  t  e  h  n  e  t  WM.  SCOTT.  11  It  was  the  prisoner  Wood's  business  to  attend  to  the  delivmw  fr  f  om  the  th  go  p  od  c  t  ,r.  (lby  ht  ha  i  t  ,  o  t  r  a  de  o  r  t  at!la  .7  and  z'tti  of  October,  making  in  all  43  bales.  The  above  orde  r  it  was  discovered  was  forged,  the  Messrs.  Jackson  having  denied  all  knowledge  of  it,  ana  noilitai,,ta  j  r„il  upon  the  prisoner  Woods,  and  a  person  named  Brown  i  also  employed  in  the  shed,  but  who  has  made  his  escape.  It  was  found  that  20  bales  of  the  cotton  were  taken  from  the  shed  between  the  hours  of  eight  and  nine  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  the  17th  of  September,  to  the  railway  station,  from  whence  they  were  taken  to  the  Mumps  station  on  that  line,  addressed  to  Mr.  Robert  Bakeley,  Shaw-bank,  Salleworth.  During  the  removal  of  the  cotton  from  the  sheds,  Woods  was  present  ;  and  it  was  proved  that  the  order  or  a  portion  of  it,  was  in  his  hand-writing.  After  their  arrival  at  the  station,  the  prisoner  Bentley,  according  to  the  statement  of  Mr.  Bakeley,  met  him  and  said,  there  are  20  bales  of  cotton  at  the  station,  but  he  replied,  he  would  have  nothing  to  do  with  them  ;  but  on  the  ninth  of  October,  he  purchased  11  bales  of  cotton  of  the  female  prisoner  at  a  public-house  in  Manchester,  and  which  he  paid  her  for,  the  the  prisoner  Bentley  having  stated  the  price  to  be  fivepence,  and  then  asked  her  if  it  were  not  so.  The  11  bales  were  marked  the  same  as  the  20  bales  he  had  refused  to  purchase.  The  20  bales  were  purchased  of  the  prisoner  Bentley,  by  Messrs.  J.  and  P.  Schofeild,  and  delivered  to  them  on  the  9th  November.  Mr.  Wright  purchased  12  hales  of  cotton  of  Bentley.  Many  witnesses  were  called  for  the  purpose  of  proving  that  the  three  prisoners  were  acting  in  concert  together  ;  but  in  the  opinion  of  the  magistrates,  after  hearing  the  arguments  advanced  by  each  of  the  gentlemen  who  appeared  for  the  prisoners,  there  was  not  sufficient  evidence  to  connect  Bentley  with  the  affair,  but  he  decided  upon  sending  the  other  two  for  trial.  Each  of  the  witnesses  examined  spoke  of  Bentley  as  being  a  highly  respectable  person,  and  that  he  had  only  acted  as  any  other  tradesman  would  have  done  in  the  matter,  The  two  prisoners,  Woods  and  Mrs,  Handley,  were  therefore  committed  for  trial,  the  female  being  permitted  bail.  COLONELCY  OF  THE  20TH  FOOT.—It  is  generally  stated  that  Major-General  Godwin,  C.  8.,  (who,  it  is  stated,  will  be  nominated  a  K.C.8.),  is  to  succeed  to  the  appointment.  In  an  affray  with  poachers  on  the  property  of  the  Rev.  J.  A.  Rhodes,  near  Leeds,  on  Tuesday,  one  of  the  game gamekeepers  keepers gamekeepers  of  the  rev.  gentleman  was  shot  in  the  head,  and  one  of  the  poachers  in  the  leg.  Sixteen  shots  were  fired.  A  MAN  ROASTED.—A  most  horrible  event  took  place  on  Monday  evening,  in  the  brickfields  belonging  to  Messrs.  Lawford  and  Kelly,  at  Kentish-town,  near  the  Governess's  Institution.  A.  man,  well  known  in  the  locality,  named  Joseph  Roberts,  was  discovered  lying  on  a  brick-kiln  quite  dead,  and  on  examination  parts  of  his  body  were  literally  roasted.  THE  LATE  ROBBERY  AT  LEIGHTON-BUZZARD.  On  Tuesday  last  the  perpetrator  of  the  robbery  --or  the  in  this  case—was  arrested  under  circumstances  which  showed  extreme  boldness,  or  large  want  of  caution.  The  following  are  the  facts  from  the  London  police  reports  :  - STYLE=superscript  GurLDHAT.T,.—Lewis  Myers,  described  in  the  police-sheet  as  a  jeweller,  but  refused  to  give  his  address,  was  placed  at  the  bar  before  Sir  George  Carroll,  charged  with  being  found  in  possession  of  a  gold  watch  and  other  articles,  which  formed  part  of  the  proceeds  of  an  extensive  robbery  corn cornmitted  mitted cornmitted  upon  the  premises  of  Mr.  Matthews,  a  watchmaker,  of  Leighton-Buzzard,  Bedfordshire,  on  Saturday  morning  last.  A  great  deal  of  excitement  prevailed  among  the  city  police  since  Saturday,  consequent  upon  the  receipt  at  head headquarters  quarters headquarters  of  a  telegraphic  message  containing  the  information  that  a  burglary  had  been  committed  at  Leighton-Buzzard,  and  property  to  the  value  of  nearly  £l,OOO  carried  away,  as  was  supposed,  by  three  London  thieves.  A  reward  of  £lOO  was  offered  for  the  apprehension  and  conviction  of  the  burglars,  and  the  city  detective  force  was  immediately  put  in  motion,  but  no  trace  was  discovered  of  the  parties  until  yesterday,  when  a  clue  was  obtained  in  the  following  extra extraordinary  ordinary extraordinary  manner  :  Mr.  Thomas  Alfred  Matthews  said  :  I  am  a  watchmaker  and  jeweller,  of  Leighton-Buzzard.  On  Saturday  morning  last,  between  the  hours  of  twelve  and  three  o'clock  a.m.,  my  house  was  broken  into,  and  a  large  quantity  of  plate,  watches,  and  jewellery,  to  the  value  of  about  £BOO,  was  stolen.  I  have  since  discovered  a  small  portion  of  the  property.  I  went  to  Sirrell's,  the  refiner,  in  Barbican,  to  inquire  about  two  silver  teapots,  and  while  there,  I  saw  the  prisoner  offering  for  sale  some  shirt  studs,  which  at  once  excited  my  suspicions.  I  waited,  and  saw  him  also  offer  a  fob  chain  for  sale,  which  I  recognised,  and  therefore,  when  he  left  the  shop  I  followed  him.  I  saw  him  go  into  a  baker's  shop  opposite,  and  I  passed  on  to  the  corner  of  the  street,  where  I  met  a  police  sergeant,  with  whom  I  returned,  and  gave  the  prisoner  into  custody.  At  the  station  he  was  searched,  and;a_eld  hunting-watch,  value  about  £l2  or  £l4  ;  a  gold  fob-chain,  with  four  rows,  slide,  and  two  rings,  value  £5  ;  two  sets  of  studs,  a  watch  movement,  and  other  things,  of  which  I  have  no  knowledge.  The  gold  watch  I  can  swear  to  as  one  of  those  stolen  on  Saturday,  and  the  fob-chain  also.  T  know  the  movement  from  its  defect  and  one  set  of  studs,  from  the  peculiarity  of  the  pattern.  The  other  set  1  cannot  swear  to,  because  it  is  of  a  common  pattern.  Sergeant  Whitcher,  50,  said,  I  took  the  prisoner  into  cus custody  tody custody  about  half-past  one  o'clock  to-day.  The  prosecutor  came  to  me  as  he  has  described,  and  I  took  the  prisoner  to  the  station,  where,  in  addition  to  the  articles  already  men mentioned  tioned mentioned  by  the  prosecutor,  I  found  on  the  prisoner  £I  1  103.  in  gold,  9s.  7d.  in  silver  and  copper,  and  a  pocket-book  con containing  taining containing  a  £lO  bank-note,  and  a  cheque  for  £l5.  He  re refused  fused refused  to  give  his  address  ;  and  on  being  interrogated  as  to  how  he  came  into  the  possession  of  the  property  in  question,  he  said  he  purchased  it,  but  declined  to  say  of  whom.  Sir  George  Carroll  :  Do  you  wish  to  ask  either  of  these  witnesses  any  questions,  prisoner  ?  Prisoner  :  I  would  rather  not  put  any  questions  to  them  until  I  have  had  the  benefit  of  legal  advice.  Sir  George  Carroll  :  Very  well,  I  am  about  to  give  you  the  opportunity  of  obtaining  the  assistance  you  require  by  re remanding  manding remanding  you  for  a  week.  Prisoner  :  So  long  as  a  week,  sir  ?  Inspector  Shelford  :  It  is  important,  your  worship,  that  we  should  have  a  long  remand.  Prisoner  :  But  I  hive  a  wife  and  family  depending  upon  me  for  support.  Sir  George  Carroll  :  The  officers  think  that  a  week  will  not  be  more  than  sufficient  to  make  the  necessary  inquiries,  and  I  therefore  see  no  reason  to  alter  my  determination.  Prisoner  :  Will  your  worship,  then,  order  the  money  found  on  me  to  be  given  up  to  me  ?  _  _  Sir  George  - STYLE=superscript  Carroll  :  It  may  be  the  produce  of  the  robbery  and  in  that  case  I  cannot  make  an  order.  Prisoner  :  But  there  is  a  cheque  dated  a  fortnight  back  ;  that  cannot  have  any  connection  with  the  robbery  of  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  last.  May  I  have  that  ?  Sir  George  Carroll  :  The  officers  deem  it  advisable  that  nothing  should  be  given  up  at  present.  The  robbery  is  such  an  extensive  one,  and  you  appear  so  mixed  up  with  it,  that  I  do  not  feel  disposed  to  interfere.  Officer  :  He  refused  to  give  his  address,  Sir  George.  Prisoner  r  Why,  you  could  have  had  my  address  if  you  had  wished,  for  it  is  in  my  pocket-book  among  memorandums  that  show  the  extent  of  my  business.  I  do  business  very  largely,  sometimes  to  the  amount  of  £4OO  per  month.  Sir  George  Carroll  :  Then  why  did  you  refuse  to  give  it  when  required  ?...  Prisoner  :  I  did  not,  sir.  May  I  not  have  a  few  pounds  to  get  a  solicitor  ?  Sir  George  Carroll  :  If  you  are  doing  business  to  the  ex extent  tent extent  of  £4OO  per  month,  you  will  not  meet  with  any  difficulty  in  procuring  legal  assistance.  The  prisoner  then  gave  his  address,  77,  Southwark-bridge Southwark-bridgeroad,  road, Southwark-bridgeroad,  and  was  afterwards  conveyed  in  a  cab  to  Newgate,  to  await  the  next  examination.  WHOLESALE  SHOPLIFTING.  MARLBOROUGH-STREET.  --Josephine  Cain,  an  extremely  well-dressed  Frenchwoman,  was  brought  before  Mr.  Hard Hardwick,  wick, Hardwick,  charged  with  having  stolen  a  large  quantity  of  valuable  property  from  the  shops  of  various  silk  mercers,  drapers,  &amp;c.,  principally  at  the  west-end  of  the  town.  The  body  of  the  court  was  completely  filled  by  shop shopkeepers  keepers shopkeepers  and  their  assistants,  and  the  floor  of  the  court  was  covered  with  a  miscellaneous  collection  of  articles  stolen  from  different  shops.  William  Cossins,  shawl  and  drapery  buyer  at  Messrs.  Swan  and  Edgar's,  silk  mercers,  Piccadilly,  said,  on  Monday  evening,  about  half-past  seven,  he  went  to  Mr.  Neate's,  the  pawnbroker's,  Duke-street,  Manchester-square,  and  was  there  shown  a  piece  of  cambric,  now  produced.  He  imme immediately  diately immediately  identified  it  as  the  property  of  the  firm,  and  worth  at  least  31.  Witness  had,  about  an  hour  previously,  been  spoken  to  by  a  police-constable,  and  had  then  made  a  search,  which  led  to  the  discovery  that  a  piece  of  cambric  was  mis missing.  sing. missing.  Witness  had  seen  the  prisoner  in  the  shop  as  a  cus customer.  tomer. customer.  William  Bruce,  assistant  to  Mr.  Neate,  pawnbroker,  Duke-street,  produced  a  piece  of  cambric,  pledged  for  4/.  on  the  14th  November,  with  other  articles  by  the  prisoner.  Mary  Ann  Bridge,  searcher  at  the  Marylebone  station stationhouse,  house, stationhouse,  said  she  searched  the  prisoner  last  Saturday,  and  found  nine  duplicates  sewed  in  the  hem  of  her  under  petti petticoat.  coat. petticoat.  One  of  the  duplicates  related  to  the  cambric  now  produced.  The  prisoner  would  not  give  up  the  duplicates  without  offering  great  resistance.  Mr.  Rutter,  solicitor  for  the  prosecution,  said  there  were  numerous  other  charges,  and  therefore  he  should  ask  for  a  remand.  The  prisoner  was  fully  committed  on  this  case,  but  ordered  to  be  brought  up  again  next  Tnesday,  on  the  other  charges.  THE  BEV.  DR.  lIPNEILE  AND  DEAN  CONYBEARE.  _  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  TIRES.  SIR,  —I  hope  you  will  not  deem  me  inconsistently  intru intrusive,  sive, intrusive,  when  I  request  you  to  have  the  kindness  to  allow  the  enclosed  notes  to  follow  their  predecessors  into  your  columns.  The  frank  acknowledgment  of  mistake  on  the  part  of  Dean  Conybeare  is  as  honourable  to  him  as  it  is  satisfactory  to  me.  What  his  son  will  say  for  his  part  in  the  transaction  remains  to  be  seen.—l  am,  Sir,  your  obliged  Liverpool,  Nov.  28.  HUGH  APNEILE.  Nov.  22.  DEAR  SIR,  —ln  reply  to  your  letter  of  the  17th  in.+  beg  to  observe  that  this  is  not  h.  r  n.++—  -P  aieuiogicai  con controversy  troversy controversy  at  pll  T STYLE=superscript  in  question  none  of  your  son's  theo theoluirbicai  luirbicai theoluirbicai  opinions  ;  neither  did  I  ask  any  ex  pl  ana  ti  on  o  f  an  y  o  f  them.  What  I  asked  was  evidence  to  justify  his  charge  against  me.  You  have  attempted  to  supply  this  from  a  speech  of  mine  ;  and  now  you  say  that  you  'repeat  most  confidently  j  , STYLE=superscript  .—  —44,-.  ponvietion  of  the  exact  accuracy  of  your  recol recollection.'  lection.' recollection.'  your  published  letter  you  say  London  was  the  place,  and  you  twice  mention  the  Bible  Society  as  the  cause  on  behalf  of  which  the  speech  in  question  was  delivered  ;  and  now  you  add,  that  you  heard  me  as  the  advocate  of  an  institution  which  you  have  always  felt  yourself  con conscientiously  scientiously conscientiously  called  upon  to  support.'  Nothing  can  be  clearer,  therefore,  than  that,  according  to  your  recollection,  of  the  exact  accuracy  of  which  you  are  entirely  convinced,  the  speech  of  mine  from  which  you  quote  was  delivered  at  a  Bible  Society  meeting  in  London.  You  are  ready  to  say—  Certainly.  I  have  examined,  in  the  reports  of  the  Bible  Society,  the  lists  of  all  the  speakers  at  all  their  London  meetings,  from  1812  to  1852,  inclusive,  and  my  name  never  once  ap appears.  pears. appears.  I  never  once,  during  all  those  40  years,  spoke  at  a  Bible  Society  meeting  in  London.  The  evidence  is  in  print,  and  open  to  your  inspection  as  to  mine.  I  need  say  no  more,  but  I  will  say  this  That  your  re reminiscences  miniscences reminiscences  are  sincere,  and  their  result  sincerely  given,  I  cannot  doubt  ;  that  you  have  mistaken  some  other  speaker  for  me,  I  am  now  certain.  am  daily  expecting  a  reply  from  your  son,  to  whom  I  sent  my  letter,  addressed—'  Poste  restante,  Nice,  '  and  I  re reserve  serve reserve  to  myself  the  right  t  o  publish  this  letter,  should  I  see  cause  for  so  doing,—l  remain,  yours  faithfully,  HUGH  M'NEILE.  Very  Rev.  Dean  Llandaff,  Nov.  25.  DEAR  Stn.—Although  it  seems  almost  superfious  to  make  the  statement,  I  cannot  satisfy  my  mind  without  send sending  ing sending  you  my  acknowledgment  that  the  evidence  you  have  adduced  entirely  satisfies  mo  that  I  was  misinformed  as  to  your  having  been  the  spokesman  to  whom  I  alluded.  I  was  so  informed  at  the  time  by  some  other  of  the  audience,  who,  I  rejoice  to  find,  must  have  been  incorrect,  the  time  I  was  myself  perfectly  ignorant  of  your  person,  I  much  regret  that  I  should  have  been  thus  misled  into  making  what  I  must  now  consider  an  unfounded  charge.—Pray  believe  me,  very  faithfully  /ours,  P.  CO  BEAR.  Hugh  M'Neile,  CAUTION  TO  COUNTRYMEN  VISITING  MANCHESTER.—  Yesterday  morning,  at  the  City  police-court,  Manchester,  two  persons,  named  William  Hewitt  and  Peter  Warren,  were  brought  up  before  the  magistrates  charged  with  de defrauding  frauding defrauding  a  young  man  named  John  Yarwood,  of  a  watch  and  605.,  by  card  playing.  /,#X"
