text
"their  powers  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.]  PRESTON,  MONDAY.  The,  operative  weavers  seem  in  excellent  spirits  to-day,  the  amount  received  by  their  committee  yesterday  being  up upwards  wards upwards  of  £2OOO,  or  about  1300  more  than  in  any  previous  week.  The  quiet  and  orderly  manner  of  the  unemployed  is  the  subject  of  general  remark.  Contrary  to  custom,  not  a  drunken  man  was  to  be  seen  in  our  streets  yesterday  ;  and  this  morning  there  was  scarcely  any  business  for  the  borough  'ench  of  migistrdtes.  At  nine  o'clock  this  morning  there  was  a  large  assemblage  )f  weavcrs  in  the  Orchard—kr.  Thomas  RoDIs,  of  Stock Stock?ort,  ?ort, Stock?ort,  presiding.  Notwithstanding  the  fall  of  a  drizzling  rain,  the  audience  listened  attentively  to  the  various  speakers  for  upwards  of  two  hours.  The  CHAIRMAN  rejoiced  to  inform  them  that  the  subscrip subscripions  ions subscripions  this  week  received  on  their  behalf  exhibited  a  very  Large  increase.  He  was  proud  to  state  that  for  those  con connected  nected connected  with  the  weaving  department  they  had  received  upwards  of  £2OOO.  (Cheers.)  The  news  was  encouraging,  and  they  had  nothing  to  fear,  notwithstanding  the  proposi proposition  tion proposition  issued  by  the  masters  of  Preston  on  the  4th  instant—a  proposition  disgraceful  to  themselves,  and  disgraceful  to  the  class  to  which  they  belonged.  All  that  was  required  on  the  part  of  the  operatives  was  firmness.  Mr.  GRIMSHA.W  of  Great  Harwood,  after  assuring  his  hearers  that  they  should  be  provided  for  all  winter  and  all  next  summer,  rather  than  they  should  be  defeated  by  the  proud  shopyocracy  of  Preston,  moved  the  following  resolution  :  The  operatives  of  Preston,  in  public  meeting  assembled,  having  read  the  decision  of  the  employers  on  the  4th  instant,  not  to  open  their  works  only  on  condition  that  the  wages  of  the  operatives  be  reduced  the  10  per  cent,,  granted  to  them  in  August  last,  hereby  solemnly  declare  their  unalterable  resolve  not  to  accept  such  terms,  but  to  maintain  inviolate  their  just  demand—  namely,  an  unconditional  ten  per  That  was  the  answer  he  wished  the  operatives  to  give  to  that  miserable  placard  now  posted  upon  the  ,  walls  of  th  e STYLE=superscript  town.  (Cheers).  They  had  every  confidence  in  being  able  to  weather  the  winter,  for  sooner  than  they  should  be  defeated  their  fellow  operatives  in  other  towns  had  promised  to  sect  LUG  ontiro  preeeedv  of  one  loom  each,  which  would  amour  to  £4,000  or  £5,000  a  week.  (Loud  cheers.)  Mr.  GEORGE  COWELL  seconded  the  resolution  that  as  he  was  coming  to  the  meeting,  one  of  the  middy,  class  shopocracy  accosted  him,  and  stated  that  they  (the  operatives)  were  robbing  the  whole  of  the  shopkeepers  of  Preston.  He  (Mr.  Cowell)  had  no  doubt  the  shopkeepers  of  Preston  were  suffering,  and  suffering  -very  materially  ;  but  he  scrupled  not  to  say  that  whatever  might  be  the  amount  of  suffering,  of  privation,  and  of  poverty  existing  in  the  town,  the  operatives'  committee  were  not  responsible  for  it,  but  the  parties  who  had  closed  their  mills  against  an  unoffend unoffendnig  nig unoffendnig  people.  (Hear,  hear).  Although  the  manufacturers'  of  Preston  were  scampering  about  the  country  in  order  to  curtail  the  subscriptions  flowing  into  this  town,  he  was  happy  to  say  that  those  subscriptions  were  weekly  increasing.  (Cheers.)  He  might  also  inform  them  that,  according  to  a  statement  of  a  delegate,  one  of  the  principal  millowners  in  Blackburn  had  given  sixpence  a  looin  to  every  weaver  who  came  to  the  help  of  the  factory  workers  of  Preston.  (Loud  cheers.)  He  had  no  doubt  the  subscriptions  would  continue  to  rise;  and,  if  it  had  not  been  for  the  manufacturers  getting  Bacup,  Burnley,  Padihare,  Newchurch,  and  the  surround surrounding  ing surrounding  districts  to  close  their  mills,  the  committee  would  this  week  have  had  £3,000.  But,  never  mind  that  :  they  should  still  go  on  increasing  until  they  had  £3,000  for  the  weavers  alone.  New  channels  were  daily  opening  up;  every  day's  post  brought  fresh  overtures  of  sympathy  and  support;  as  they  might  depend  upon  it,  victory  would  be  theirs.  The  resolution  was  then  submitted  to  the  meeting,  a  carried  amid  enthusiastic  acclamations  Mrs  MARGARET  FLuToanit  was  the  succeeding  speaker.  She  said  that  this  was  a  question  of  importance,  not  only  t  the  factory  operatives,  but  to  the  middle  class  ;  because  when  labor  was  not  properly  remunerated,  shop-keepers  felt  the  consequence  in  diminished  receipts.  It  was  also  a  question  deeply  interesting  to  females  ;  because  at  present  the  natural  order  of  things  were  reversed,  and  women  had  to  go  out  to  work  whilst  men  remained  at  home,  made  beds,  washed  clothes,  &amp;c.  (Laughter  and  cheers)..  Under  these  circumstances,  it  behoved  her  sex  to  bestir  themselves.  If  capital  had  its  right,  labor  had  its  right.  If  capital  claimed  the  right  to  keep  its  wife  at  home,  and  to  have  half-a-dozen  servants  to  wait  upon  her,  surely,  the  working  man  had  a  fight  to  keep  his  wife  at  home  too.  (Cheers.)  She  regarded  the  ten  per  cent  as  only  a  stepping  stone  to  justice.  They  must  have  a  fair  day's  wages  for  a  fair  day's  work.  What  •  did  she  mean  by  that  ?  why,  that  which  would  afford  a  man  the  means  of  maintaining  himself  and  family  iu  comfort;  of  keeping  his  wife  at  home  to  attend  to  household  duties,  and  of  educating  his  children  so  as  to  make  them  an  ornament  to  society  instead  of  a  nuisance.  (Cheers.)  That  was  What  they  wanted,  and  if  they  let  the  ten  per  cent  question  drop  before  they  achieved  that  desideratum,they  would  not  dotheir  duty.  It  was  a  disgrace  to  an  Englishman  to  allow  his  wife  to  go  out  to  work.  Let  the  women  look  after  their  rights.  It  was  high  time  they  looked  to  themselves.  We  have  let  the  men  manage  our  affairs  long  enough  (said  she),  and  a  pretty  To  the  young  women  present  I  would  say,  whenever  a  young  man  pays  his  addresses  to  you,  and  wishes  to  make  you  his  wife,  ask  if  he  is  able  to  maintain  you.  If  he  says  he  is  not,  tell  him  to  go  about  his  business,  for  you  never  intend,  when  married,  to  go  out  to  work.  (Cheers.)  The  Amazon  con concluded  cluded concluded  by  moving  the  subjoined  resolution  :  at  this  meeting  that  the  married  portion  of  the  females  of  this  town  do  not  intend  to  go  to  work  any  more,  until  their  husbands  are  fully  and  fairly  remunerated  for  their  Mrs.  ANN  FLETCHER  seconded  the  resolution.  I  She  thought  it  was  high  time  the  women  stayed  at  home.  They  had  been  slaves  long  enough.  It  was  time  that  men  should  earn  sufficient  by  their  labour  to  enable  them  to  keep  their  wives  and  families  at  home.  How  many  infants  had  been  brought  to  an  untimely  death  by  the  present  system  of  fac factory  tory factory  labour  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  She  hoped  and  trusted  ;that  every  woman  then  present  would  follow  the  example  of  her herself  self herself  and  sister  (the  preceding  speaker).  The  day  is  come  (she  added)  when  we  are  determined  to  do  nothing  until  every  man  is  employed  ;  and  then,  if  there  is  anything  left  for  the  women,  we'll  do  a  little,  but  we'll  not  do  much.  (Cheers.)  The  CHAIRMAN  stated  that  when  the  10  per  cent.  question  was  settled,  there  would  be  such  an  agitation  raised  on  be behalf  half behalf  of  the  married  women  now  working  in  factories,  as  would  astonish  the  millocracy  of  this  country.  (Cheers.)  The  females'  resolution  having  been  cordially  adopted,  addresses  were  delivered  by  Mr.  Watson  and  Mr.  Brown,  after  which  the  meeting  separated.  DEATH  OF  MR.  CECIL  LAWLESS,  M.  P.—We  re regret  gret regret  to  have  to  announce  the  death,  after  a  very  brief  attack,  brought  on,  we  understand,.  by  extreme  nervous  excitement,  of  this  gentleman,  who,  as  our  readers  know,  was  second  son  of  the  late  Lord  Cloncurry,  and  member  for  the  Borough  of  Clonmel.  Ile  had  but  just  returned  from  the  funeral  ob obsequies  sequies obsequies  of  his  excellent  and  patriotic  father,  and  a  sadden  shock  experienced  on  the  journey,  it  is  said,  was  the  proki prokimate  mate prokimate  cause  of  his  illness.  The  parliamentary  career  of  Mr.  Lawless  was  consistent  and  useful.--  Cork  Southern  Repor Reporter.  ter. Reporter.  RELIGIOUS  SECTS  IN  RUSSIA.—The  Russian  Church  affects  toleration.  Of  the  vast  population  of  fully  60,000,000,  only  about  45,000,000  are  members  of  the  re regular  gular regular  Church;  350,000  are  dissenters  or  heretics  to  that  Church  itself;  3,500,000  Roman  Catholics  are  found  through throughout  out throughout  the  wide  domains  of  the  Czar  ;  and  fully  250,000  Ar Armenians.  menians. Armenians.  The  Protestants  of  the  Augsburg  Confession  of  Faith  amount  to  2,000,000  ;  those  of  the  Reformed  Church  to  54,000.  There  are  10,000,  Moravians,  while  no  less  than  2,500,00.0  belong  to  the  Mahometan  creed.  The  Jews  are  600,000  in  number,  and  the  followers  of  that  mysterious  po potentate,  tentate, potentate,  the  Grand  Lama  of  Thibet,  amount  to  no  less  than  half  that  amount.  But  there  are  creeds  still  more  extraordi extraordinary  nary extraordinary  throughout  the  enormous  tract  of  'territory  which  constitutes  the  Russian  Empire;  170,000  are  open  idola idolaters,  ters, idolaters,  and  no  less  than  600,000  are  addicted  to  the  disgust disgusting  ing disgusting  practice  of:Fetichism,  worshipping  bats,  cows,  and  every  uncouth  specimen  of  brute,  as  representative  of  the  divinity  of  Heaven.—Parker's  National  Miscellany•  AN  ACTION  AGAINST  UNDERWRITERS.—In'  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench,  on  Saturday,  Mr.  Watson,  , STYLE=superscript  Q.C.  moved  for  a  new  trial  in  the  case  of  Chriitie  v.  Stroth,  which  was  tried  at  the  last  London  sittings  before  the  Lord  Chief  Justice,  when  a  verdict  was  found  for  the  plaintiff—damages  £1,186.  Mr.  Watson  moved,  on  the  ground  that  it  was  a  perverse  verdict.  The  action  was  brought  by  the  plaintiffs  against  the  undervriters  of  a  vessel  called  the  Harriet,  the  owners  of  which  had  contracted  to  convey  a  cargo  of  haricot  beans  for;  them  from  ,Liverpool  to  London.  The  vessel  .  was  loaded  in  the  dock  at  Liverpool,  and,  after  being  loaded  there;  a  gale  of  wind  blew  on  the  night  of  the  4th  June,  !1847,  while  the  vessel  was  in  the  dock,  and  she  sank  in  the  dock  with  her  cargo.  Before  loading  she  was  a  perfectly  tight,  good  vessel,  but  the  gale  had  forced  other  vessels  in  the  dock  against  her,  and  had  so  bumped  and  squeezed  her,  that  a  plank  under  her  counter  gave  way,  and  she  sank.  The  action  was  brought  for  the  damaeg  done  to  the  cargo  by  the  water,  and  for  the  delay  Which  ensued  in  drying  the  cargo,  whereby  the  market  was  lost.  The  defendant  pleaded  that  the  damage  was  done  by  the  perils  of  the  sea,  and  not  because  of  utistawor utistaworthiness,  thiness, utistaworthiness,  which  was  traversed.  The  plank  which  had  given  way  was  found  perfectly  sound,  but  had  been  squeezed  out  of  its  place;  ss.  repaired  the  damage,  and  the  vessel  had  been  perfectly  sound  ever  since;  The  learned  counsel  contended  that  the  ship  was  quite  sea seaworthy,  worthy, seaworthy,  and  had  sunk  because  of  the  violence,of  the  gale.—The  COURT  thought  that  the  jury  had  come  to  a  sight  conclusion;  .that  a  vessel  which  started  a!  plank  in  dock  was  not  a  seaworthy  vessel,  as  she  ought  to  be  equal  to  all  the  strain  to  which,  with  other  ships,  she  might  be  subjected  to  there.—  The  learned  counsel  then  contended  that  the  cargo  and  freight  were  only  worth  together  6001.,  and  under  the  53rd  George  111.,  chap.  159,  sec.  1,  the  plaintiff  could  not  recover  more  than  the  value  of  the  cargo  and  freight  ;  that  the  damages  were  made  up  by  the  loss  of  the  market  by  reason  of  the  detention  of  the  cargo.—The  CoURT  said,  the  rule  might  go  to  reduce  damages.  On  the  other  point  there  was  no  evidence  on  both  sides,  and  it  was  for  the  jury  to  determine  it.—Rule  nisi  accordingly.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  THE  REV.  DR.  MWEILE,  AND  THE  REV.  IV.  J,  CONEYBEA  RE.  The  Rev.  Dr.  M'Neile  has  addressed  a  letter  (through  the  Times)  to  the  ReV.  W.  J.  Coneybeare,  formerly  the  Principal  of  the  Liverpool  Collegiate  Institution.  Mr.  Coneybeare  is  said  to  be  the  author  of  the  article  on  Church  which  appears  in  the  current  number  of  the  Edinburgh  Review,  and-  it  is  certain  statements  in  the  article  in  question  which  have  - STYLE=superscript  called  forth  the  Rev.  Dr.  M'Neile's  letter,  which  is  as  follows  :  Albury-house,  Liverpool,  Nov.  4.  Dear  Sir,—Since  the  appearance  of  the  last  number  of  ;he  Edinbur;h  Review,  rumour  has  ascribed  to  your  pen  the  article  on  Church  which  it  contains.  I  was  un unwilling  willing unwilling  to  believe  it  possible  that  you  could  have  written  ?arts  of  it;  and  I  now  charitably  hope  that,  before  you  wrote  pp.  292-393,  with  their  foot  note,  you  had  forgotten  what  is  written  at  p.  284.  Our  mutual  friend  Mr.  Howson  - STYLE=superscript  has  informed  me,  and  without,  as  he  says,  any  breach  of  confidence,  that  you  are  the  author  of  the  article.  May  I,  then,  request  you  to  have  the  kindness  to  let  me  know  on  what  evidence  you  charge  me—for,  in  your  hands,  it  is  a  charge,  and  a  grave  one—with  being  a  member,  a  leader,  the  ablest  leader,  of  what  you  are  pleased  to  call  the  Recordite  party  in  the  church  ?  On  the  good  taste  of  designating  your  brethren,  not  by  my  theological  or;  ecclesiastical  peculiarities,  real  or  sup sup?osed,  ?osed, sup?osed,  but  by  a  nickname  derived  from  a  newspaper,  I  make  no  comment;  De  gustibus,  &amp;c.  With  the  justice  or  injus injustice  tice injustice  of  the  description  you  give  of  the  party  I  have  no  per personal  sonal personal  concern—that  is  your  affair  ;  but  since  you  have  in introduced  troduced introduced  me,  my  name,  as  the  leader  of  a  party  of  which  you  have  given  such  a  description,  I  think  I  may  most  reason reasonably  ably reasonably  expect  that  as  a  gentleman  you  will  not  refuse  to  give  your  proofs.  Of  the  party  in  question  you  say  (page  284),  Its  dis distinctive  tinctive distinctive  doctrines  are  derived  from  those  of  the  Evangelical  school,  by  pushing  each  of  those  to  extravagant  cense censequen,ces.  quen,ces. censequen,ces.  Thus,  from  justification  by  faith,  the  Recordite  infers  the  worthlessness  of  Here  I  pause.  I  might,  indeed,  select  any  of  the  follow following  ing following  clauses  for  comment,  but  this  one  shall  suffice.  When  you  say  the  Recordite  I  presume  you  mean  that  he  gives  expression  to  his  inference,  otherwise  you  could  riot  become  cognizant  of  it  ;  he  speaks,  or  prints,  or  both,  i.  e.,  he  teaches,  as  au  inference,  the  , STYLE=superscript  worthlessness  of  morality.  It  is  not  that  his  accuser  draws  such  an  inference  from  some  of  his  statements.  This  would  be  intelligible.  The  great  Apostle  felt  this  (see  Rom.  iii.  8).  But  your  charge  is  that  the  Recordite  himself  draws  the  inference.  You  say  Recordite  and  thus  you  open  your  description  of  a  party  in  the  church,  with  the  deliberate  statement  that  they  teach  the  worthlessness  of  morality.  An  attempt  to  screen  yourself  from  this,  by  pleading  that  to  infer  does  not  mean  to  teach,  would  be  too  obviously  a  special  pleading.  If  your  words  do  not  mean  this  they  mean  nothing.  There  may  be  some  persons  who  so  teach.  There  have  unhappily  been  Antinomians  in  all  ages.  Some  persons  whom  you  tall  Recordites  may  be  guilty  of  this  evil,  though  I  imagme  you  could  find  nothing  of  the  kind  in  the  Record  itself.  Indeed,  it  seems  pretty  plain  that,  if  you  could  have  cited  evidence  to  sustain  this  clause  in  your  indibt indibtmeat  meat indibtmeat  you  would  have  done  so.  But,  as  I  have  said,  this  is  not  my  concern.  On  some  very  important  subjects  I  entirely  differ  from  the  Record,  while,  on  others,  I  think  it  has  done  good  and  faithful  service.  But  my  inquiry  is,  on  what  evi evidence  dence evidence  you  have  felt  yourself  at  liberty  to  drag  me  before  the  public  as  the  leader  of  a  party,  who,  as  you  allege,  teach,'  or  infer,  the  worthlessness  of  morality?  If  you  can  cite  any  passage  from  any  of  my  books,  or  sermons,  or  speeches,  justly  exposing  me  to  such  an  accusation,  I  shall  feel  obliged  y  your  doing  so,  and  I  shall  take  care  to  have  the  mischief  expunged  from  the  next  edition,  with  a  penitent  ackndw ackndwledgement  ledgement ackndwledgement  of  the  past  evil,  however  undesigned.  But  if  you  can  find  no  such  passage,  and  if  my  publications  abound;  as  they  do,  with  passages  directly  the  reverse,  then,  I  think,  I  have  a  right  to  expect  that  you  will  acknowledge  your  fault  in  bringing  against  a  brother  clergyman—an  acquaintance  of  many  years'  standing,  for  whom  you  have  always  pro professed  fessed professed  to  entertain  sentiments  of  Christian  kindness  and  who  has  always  entertained  the  same  towards  you—an  accusation  which  you  are  utterly  unable  to  sustain.  I  have  a  right  to  expect,  further,  that  in  all  fairness  and  uprightness,  and  equity,  you  will  make  your  confession  as  public  ar  your  fanit;  i.  e.,  that  _  you  will  have  it  inserted  in  the  pages  of  the  •  Edinburgh  Rev  i  ew.  I  cannot  doubt  your  willingness  to  do  this  act  of  justice,  because  I  cannot  as  yet  hold  you  guilty  - STYLE=superscript  of  more  than,  an  inadvertence,  though  of  a  very  grave  characte'r.  The  temptation  was  too  great  to  be  resisted.  Your  asso associations  ciations associations  lingered  around  Liverpool,  and  the  great  influence  which  you  say  (page  293,  note)  I  have  acquired  by  my  elo eloquence  quence eloquence  over  the  second  town,  in  the  kingdom,  made  me  an  object  too  prominent  to  escape,  when  shafts  were  hurled  at  random  against  the  But  when,  by  way  of  compensation  for  the  assault  you  made  upon  me,  you  acknowledge  (ibid.)  that  you  me  to  be  a  thoroughly  sincere  and  honest  man,  and  to  have  done  much  you  should  surely  have  borne  in  mind,  that  as  I  am  an  able  leader  (in  your  opinion)  of  a  party  who  i/V  Jut,.  Clay  111ln.  G  oiu oiucore  core oiucore  I  am,  and  the  more  eloquent  I  am,  and  the  more  influ influence  ence influence  I  have  thereby  acquired,  instead  of  doing  much  good,  the  more  intolerably  mischievous  I  must  be.  Inconsistency  with  himself  is  the  proverbial  characteristic  of  a  witness  from  whom  the  accused  has  nothing  to  fear,  and  of  whom  an  intelligent  jury  soon  learn  to  make  a  suitable  estimate.  I  am  yours  faithfully,  UGH  IifNEI  LE.  COUNTY  COURT.-YESTERDAY  The  November  sittings  of  this  Court  opened  at  ten  o'clock  on  yesterday,  before  JOSEPH  POLLoCK,  Esq.  HAGAN  v  RICHARDSON.—His  Honor  delivered  judgment  In  this  case  which  stood  over  from  the  last  sittings.  lie  said—  In  this  case  I  think  the  plaintiff  should  be  non.suited.  The  facts  of  the-case  are,  that  the  plaintiff  was  certainly  injured  by  the  negligence  of  a  party.driving  a  cart.  The  defendant  in  the  action  is  a  contractor,  and  not  being  able  herself  to  perform  the  contract,  she  sub-let  to  another  person,  a  cartowncr,  who  supplied  the  horses,  only  borrowing  the  cart  from  her.  Both  parties  agree  as  to  the  borrowing  and  lending.  I  think  the  person  who  borrowed  the  cart,  and  supplied  the  horses  and  the  driver,  is  the  party  liable.  The  master  of  the  driver  is  clearly  liable  for  the  consequences.  The  plaintiff  must  therefiire  be  non-suited.-  Several  commitment  summonses  of  no  public  importance  were  then  disposed  of,  after  which  his  Honor  took  up  insolvent  RICHARD  MADDOCK.—A  final  order  was  granted.  JOHN  HALL  WORTH.—Final  order  granted.  JOHN  PUFHE.—FinaI  order  granted.  ISABELLA  WALLACE.-1  n  this  case  the  insolvent  passed  the  first  examination.  JOHN  M`GAFFAN.—Mr.  Aspinall  appeared  for  the  insolvent,  who,  it  appeared  had  entered  into  partnership  in  the  corn  business  with  a  person  named  Jones,  and  being  ignorant  of  the  business  left  the  entire  management  of  it  to  his  partner,  not  even  inquiring  how  his  affairs  stood.  Becoming  insolvent,  an  assignment  was  made  of  the  business  to,  a  person  named.  Griffith,  a  creditor,  represented  by  Mr.  Evans,  but  no  notice  of  the  dissolution  of  partnership  or  the  assignment  was  pubiished.  Mr.  Hime  appeared  for  the  first  creditor,  Mr.  Johnson.  Court  :  This  insolvent  did  not  take  the  trouble  of  inquiring,  in  the  first  instance,  what  his  debts  were,  and  in  the  next  place,  he  executed  an  assignment  to  one  particniar  creditor.  I  do  not  think  the  argument  produced,  that  he  is  an  illiterate  person,  has  anything  to  do  with  the  matter.  He  entered  into  the  business  with  his  eyes  open,  and  after  three  years  elapses,  and  he  pays  off,  I  suppose;  the  several  creditors  named  in  the  list,  which  I  have  before  me,  several  small  creditors;  he  then  enters  into  an  assignment  in  1850,  of  the  result  of  which  he  knows  nothing  about,  which  he  mover  even  asked  Mr  .Griffith,  nor  did  he  ask  whether  Mr.  Johnson  had  ever  received  a  penny,  or  know  in  what  state  things  were  under  the  assign assignment.  ment. assignment.  I  think  all  the  creditors  should  have.  had.  before  he  came  into  this  Uourt,  full  information  into  the  state  of  the  affairs,  because  he  had  previously  chosen  another  remedy.  I  agree  that  it  is  not  necessarily  incumbent  upon  him  to  go  about  and  ask  the  creditors  to  come  in  and  execute  an  assignment,  but  he  was  bound  to  enquire  what  was  the  result  of  the  remedy,  which  he  had  selected  for  himself.  He  has  not  taken  that  trouble,  he  has  neglected  his  other  creditors,  and  I  am  bound  to  say,  1  think  it  would  be  contrary  to  public  policy  and  law,  to  allow-this  man  to  hand  over  the  property  of  all  his  creditors,  give  and  receive  no  information,  make  no  enquiry  how  things  had  turned  out,  and  then  come  , STYLE=superscript  and:ask  the  protection  of  this  Court.  .He  must.take  the  consequences  of  selecting  his  own  remedy.  I  shall  not  grant  him  the  protection  he  seeks.  JoRN  TURNER.—ML  Himo  appeared  for  insolvent  ;  Simon  and  Mr.  Anderson  for  creditors.  ,  Adjourned  to  next  Court.  MARTHA  BINGHAM.-31r.  Blackhurst  appeared  for  the  insolvent,  and.  Mr.  Aspinall  for  creditors,  Petition  dis  Missed.  DANIEL  WILLIAMS.—Mr.  Evans  appeared  for  insolvent  who  passed  examination,  and  the  day  was  fixed  for  the  final  order.  HERMAN  CfIRISTIAN  MEYERS.--A  dividend  of  2s  6d  in  the  pound  ordered.  •  -  DENIS  O'SULLIVIAN.—Audit  adjourned.  This  closed  the  Insolvencies.  The  Court  then  adjourned  to  this  day.  •  There  are  622  cases  for  trial  at  this  sitting.  SHIPWRECK.—Letters  from  Sandwich  Island  an announce  nounce announce  the  total  wreck  of  the  ship  Susan.  They  also  state  that  the  ship  Liverpool  had  struck  near  Bhering's  Straits,  but  was  afterwards  got  off.  THE  KING  OF  THE  BELGIANS--The  Belgian  packet  Ruby,  Captain  Lahure,  arrived  on  Friday  afternoon  from  Ostend  to  await  His  Majesty  King  Leopold.  -  The  King,  Duke  and  Duchess  of  Brabant,  Count  of  Flanders,  Princess  Charlotte,  Count  and  Countess  de  Lannoy,  Colo Colonel  nel Colonel  de  Moerkerko,  his  Excellency  M.  \  an  d  e  W  eyer  ,  H  on  .  Colonel  'Gordon,  Lord  Camoya,  Sir  Edward  Cust,  and  a  numerous  suite  anivcd  at  Birmingham's  Royal  Ship  Hotel.  at  6p.  m.  where  apartments  were  previously  ordered.  The  weather  being  rough  and  foggy  His  Majesty  determined  on  sleeping  at  the  Ship  Hotel;  Mr.  James  Macgregor;  Mr.  Samuel  Latham,  Belgian  Consul,  and  Captain  Smithett  had  the  houour  of  dining  with  the  Royal  party  on  Sunday  morning  at  11.30.  His  Majesty  embarked  on  board  the  Ruby  for  Ostend,  with  every  prospect  of  having  a  fine  pas-"
