text
"OVERLAND  MAIL.  The  papers  brought  by  the  Overland  Mail  ar arrived  rived arrived  in  London  last  night.  The  following  is  the  Overland  Summary  from  the  Bombay  Telegraph  of  Septeniber  12  :  The  very  short  period-vhich  has'  elapsed  since  the  departure  of  the  last  mail,  which  left  Bombay  on  the  30th  ultimo,  in  some  measure  account  for  the  paucity  of  fresh  intelligence.  To  begin  with  Burmah,  the  peace  of  that  province,  which  was  only  declared  a  very  few  weeks  ago,  is,  it  would  seem,  already  on  the  eve  ofa  rupture.  The  last  accounts  from  Prome  give  out  with  confidence,  that  Meeah  Toon,  the  robber  chief,  is  back  in  his  old  quarters,  and  that  he  and  other  chiefs,  have  been  organizing  a  large  force  with  which  they  were  to  attack  the  British  posts,  and  to  harrass  all  the  inhabitants  who  had  acknowledged  allegiance  to  the  British  Government.  It  has  been  deemed  .  necessary  by  Sir  John  Cheape  to  strengthen  Prome,  and  IrM.  18th  Royal  Irish,  who  were  at  a  place  called  Shoedony,  have  been  recalled  to  Prome.  The  river  Irawaddy  is  still  rising,.  and  the  ,troops  are  apparently  healthy.  Opinions  are  much  divided  as  to  the  results  of  Meeah  ,Toon's  proposed  insurrection  ;  but  that  he  intends  harrassing  both  our  outposts  and  our  sub subjects  jects subjects  in  Pegue,  there  seems  to  be  but  little  doubt.  Moteover,  the  whole  land  is  at  present  swarming  with  dacoits.  Every  plunderer  throtighout  Bur Burmah  mah Burmah  proper,  seems  to  have  made  the  best  of  his  - STYLE=superscript  Way  into  our  newly  ,acquired  territories,  and,  it  is  ~Said  that  all  the  leaders  ot*  these  gangs  are  work workng  ng workng  upon  a  regular  system,  which  is  dictated  by..  'the  Court  at  Ava.  The  plan  they  follow,  is  to  lay  waste  the  whole  of  the  'country,  and  to  harrass  the  inhabitants  to  such.  an  ,extent  that  the  ,latter  must  sooner  or  later  leave  our  dominions  entirely,  and  Cross  the  boundery'  line  which.  ..we  have  ourselves  marked  for  the  limits:Of  the  BUrmese  doininions.  •  In  proof  of  these  snrmises  and  statements,  it  is  said  that  there  are  no  gangs  above  Medway,.and.that  the  inhabitants  of  Northern  Burmah  enjoy  perfect  free freedom  dom freedom  from  the  visits  of  these  ruffians.  But  whether  theSe  robbers  are  working  for  themselves,  .or  for  .  the  Court  of  Ava,  it  amounts  to  - STYLE=superscript  much  the  same  thing,  - STYLE=superscript  and  sooner  or  later  the  nuisance  Will  have  to  be  ,put  down  with  a  very  - STYLE=superscript  strong  arm.  The  like  i ihood  hood ihood  of  famine  has  in  a  great  Measure  disappeared,  The  importation  of  rice  from  Bengal  has  been  , STYLE=superscript  very  large,  and  the  same  scarcity  of  provisions  no  longer  exists.  At  Moulmein  three  officers  of  the  .2nd  Bengal  Fusiliers  are  under  arrest  tOr  assault assaulting,  ing, assaulting,  in  his  own  house,  an  Armenian  merchant  who  `refused  to  supply  them  with  wine.  t.  From  the  North  West  Frontier  we  have  nothing  new  to  communicate  since  the  commencement  of.  the  month.  For  the  present  the  Afreedees  appear  to  have  dropped  the  liostile  deMeanour  which  they  assumed  towards  us.  Atour  out  postS  near  Pesh Peshawar,  awar, Peshawar,  false  alarms  semi  'to  be  the  order  of  the  day;  and  there  is  a  rmnehr•  that  so  soon  as  the  cold  weather  sets  in,  a  brigade  is  to  take  the  field.  FROM  ,CABoOT,  AND  THE  OTHER-COUNTRIES•  TO  THE  NORTH  WEST  OF  PESHAWAR,  we  have  nothing  new  to  communicate.  The  report  of  Herat  having  fallen  to  the  Persian  Army,  is  confirmed  in  some  of  the  Native  papers  in  the  North  of  India,  as  '  well  as  by  some  of  the  native  news  writers  of  the  English  press.  In%  Bombay,  it  is  spoken  of  amongst  the  Mogul  and  - STYLE=superscript  Mussuhnan  population,  (all  of  whom  have  far  better  means  than  are  at  the  disposal  of  us,  Anglo-rndians,  for  assertairiiug  the  truth  of  such  report)  as  a  well  known  and  possi possi  - possi  tivc  'fact.  Whether  the  additional  rumour  of  several  Russian  officers  being  present  with  the  Persian  Army,  (as  noted  in  our  last  Summary)  be  correct  or  not,  time  will  show,  but  we  may  mention.  that  this  is  also  .spoken  of,  by  the  - STYLE=superscript  better  informed  ~of-  the  natives,  as  .  being  pOsSitivelY  the  case.  In  the  North  West  Provinces  there  is  not  nearly  so  much  Cholera  as  existed  when  the  last  mail  left.  Nevertheless  a  good  deal  still  exists  at  Cawnpore"
