text
"Zirtijis,  fliarrine*  ant(  OG4O.  BIRTHS.  On  the  14th  instant,  at  Spring-bank,  Laurel-road,  Fairfield,  the  wife  of  Mr.  John  Travis,  of  a  son.  On  the  15th  instant,  at  Highfield,  Northop,  Flintshire,  the  wife  o  J.  K.  Huntley,  Esq.,  of  a  daughter.  On  the  18th  instant,  at  56,  South  Castle-street,  the  wife  of  Mr.  J.  R.  Canat  , STYLE=superscript  ron,  of  a  daughter.  MARRIAGES.  On  the  I7th  instant,  at  St.  Augustine's  Church,  by  the  Rev.  J.  H.  Stafford,  M.A.,  Mr.  Richard  W.  Barnes  to  Margaret,  only  daughter  of  the  late  Mr.  Samuel  Amos.  On  the  18th  instant,  at  St.  Philip's  Church,  Mr.  Joseph  Sutton  to  Miss  Betsy  Robinson.  DEATHS.  On  the  14th  instant,  James,  the  infant  son  of  Mr.  Wm.  Sutcliffe  Royal  Arms,  Regent-road.  On  the  20th  instant,  at  Rock  Ferry,  Cheshire,  Richard  Ferrick  Jones  only  son  of  the  late  Ferrick  Jones,  Esq.,  of  Fogg's  Cottage,  near  Bolton,  aged  36  years.  P3_TB00079 EL•  Cortedpottlletter.  THE  - STYLE=superscript  PRESIDENTS  MESSAGE:  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  Slll,—Permit  me  to  congratulate  you  for  the  energy  displayed  by  your  establishment  in  furnish furnishing  ing furnishing  (exclusively)  the  public;  in  your  paper,  of  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  .  with  four  columns  and  a  half  of—that  always  important  and  interesting  document—the  American  President's  message.  That  fact,  in  my  mind,  settles  the  problem  of  the  practicability  of  establishing  a  daily  newspaper  to  meet  the  wants,  social,  commercial,  and  political,  of  this  great  community.  -  The  Canada  arrives  at  midnight,  Sunday;  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  Monday,  is  placed  on  my  breakfast  table  at  seven  o'clock,  containing  this  so-much-looked-for  document,  together  with  a  very  creditable  summary  of  general  intelligence.  Now,  .  your  respectable  and  intelligent  contemporary,  the  Albion,  had  but  half  a  column  or  so  of  condensed  news,  under  the  head  I  have  no  doubt  that  everything  which  a  first-class  .weekly  paper  was  capable  of  accomplishing  was  done  on  this  occasion  by  the  Albion;  and  it  is,  therefore,  plain  to  me  that  a  daily  Viper,  spiritedly-conducted  like  yours,  is  of  great  local  advantage  to  this  town,  especially  to  the  mercantile  clasSes,  seeing  that  on  this  occasion  you  furnished  them  with  intelligence  in  detail  of  high  interest  and  great  iinportance,  with  highly  commendable,  rapidity.  The  under  taking  of  establishing  successfully  a  provincial  daily.  paper,  of  course,  rests  with  the  .  public's  pro proper  per proper  appreciation  of  the  spirit  in  which  the  under undertaking  taking undertaking  is  carried  out.  •  As  an  individual  subscriber,  I  deem  it  a  duty  I  owe,  to  you  as  well  as  to  the  public,  to  express  my  obligations  to  you  for  the  bold,  liberal,  intelligent,  and,energetic  spirit  which  has  characteiisea,  your  journal  from  its  commencement.  •  J.  H.  INCONSISTENCY  OF  TEA  BROKERS.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SIR,—I  desire  to  show,  through  the  medium  of  your  columns,  if  you  will  allow  me  a  place  in  them,  to  the  importer,  dealer,  consumer,  and  public  at  large,  the  inconsistency  of  the  tea-brokers  of  Liverpool.  What  is  termed  the  selling  broker,  prior  to  a  sale,  publishes  a  catalogue,  of  the  marks,  numbers,  and  quantity  of  each  description  of  tea  he  pur purposes  poses purposes  on  a  certain  date,  to  .offer  to  public  competi=  tion.  The  tea  being  up  to  that  day  for  examination,  in,  the  various  warehouses  in  which  it  is  bonded.  The  conditions  of  sale  are  set  forth  on  the  first  page.  of  the  catalogue.  They  state  the  deposit  on  purchases  ;  period  of  payment  ;  that  the  biddings  of  defitulters  at  previous  sales  will  not  be  .received,_  and  that  the•,  broker  shall  name  his  principal  in  a  specified  time,  or  ho  shall  be  considered  the  principal  himself.  What  is  the  conclusion  that  an  ordinary  person  would  come  to  from  this  aPparently,  open  and  public  mode  of  sale  ?  Why,  that  the  merchant  would  obtain  the  best  pride  for  his  tea  ;  the  dealer  and  the  public  have  the  fUll  benefit.of  full,  unrestiicted  competi competition  tion competition  in..  their  purchases.  It  is  also  fair  to.  infer,  the  importer  pays  the  selling-broker  for  his  ser services,  vices, services,  or  why  does  he  work  ?  .  ,  .  That„  the  public  would  be  admitted  indiscrimi indiscriminately  nately indiscriminately  ;  that  he  who  would  give  the  .most  money  for  any  lot  of  tea,  complying  with  the  conditions  of  sale,  would  become  the  buyer.  Not  so  fast,  in  this  free  trade  town  of  Liverpool.  A  dealer  may  receive  a  catalogue  ;  examine  the,  tea  for  sale  ;  attend  the  sale  ;  bid  in,  public  ;  have  thd  tea  . STYLE=superscript  knocked  .  down  to  him.  In  fact,  comply  with  every  condition  made  by-  the  seller,  .yet,  custom  or  prescription  demands  that  he  name.a  broker,  though  he:  may  never  have  spoken  to  one  on  the  subject  of  his  intended  purchases,  and  if  not,  then  the  selling-broker,  seeing  the  common  sense  buyer  without  his  broker  by  his  Side,  con constitutes  stitutes constitutes  himself  his  .broker,  and  charges,•  in  the  account  of  goods  purchased,  per  cent.  Ambidexter—Janns-like,  ,he  takes  a  commission  from  .  him  who  sells  and  him  who  buys..  One  ,he  really  serves,  the  other  he  'does  no  service  . STYLE=superscript  for,  ;  yet  both  are,  for  the  benefit  of  .  a  few  -brokers,,to  pay  him.,  ...  This  might  have  done  very  well  during  the  time  of  the  East  India  Company—the  days  of  monopoly.  But  I  ask  the  importers  of  tea,  if  now,  in  a  town  -that  has  rendered  essential  service  to  the  whole  kingthim,  by  being  the  first  to  agitate  for  a  reduction  of  .the  enormous  duty  for  the  avowed  purpose  .of  extending  commerce,  and  giving  a  cheap  beverage  to  the  poor;  if,  after  haVing  seen  one  of  its  '.merchant  princes  almost  carry  their  propositions.  literally,  if  they  will  allow'this  Übuse—this  one  percent.  in  lieu  of  10s.—to  exist  to  their  ,and  the  public's  prejudice  .any  longer  ?  If  so,  discontinue  calling  a  sale  public,  where,  if  brokers  don't  bid,  they  receive  equally  their  com commission  mission commission  ;  and  let  the  selling-broker  sell  to  the  buying-broker,  being  occasionally  both  seller  and  buyer  :  the  monopoly  would  then  be  complete,  as  the  East  India  Company's  was.  What  is  4  tea-broker?  A  man  who  sits  beside  another,  and  bids  for  that  other,  charging  him  10s.  for  every  2000  s.  for  opening  his  mouth  and  saying  to  his  brother  broker  how  much  his  client  is  willing  lie  shall  offer  for  what  the  other  has  to  sell.  This  would  not  be  so  bad  ;  for  if  a  man  won't  do  his  own  business,  he  ought  to  pay  others  for  doing  it,  and  not  complain.  I  complain  they  charge,  prescriptive  charges  they  may  call  them;  as  great  to  him  who  does  his  own  business,  as  to  him  who  really  employs  them.  Is  this  right—is  that  fair?  In  their'  conditions  of  sale,  they  ask  the  broker  who  buys  to  name  his  principal.  They  don't  ask  the  principal  to  name  his  broker,  yet  if  he  do  not,  the  selling  broker  constitutes  himself  such,  and  adds  Is  per  cent.  to  the  principal's  purchases..  Is  this  a  fair  principle  ?  Thus  they  get  not  the  two twohundredth  hundredth twohundredth  part,  but  one  hundredth  part  of  the  tea  sold,  for  brokerage  alone.  Suppose  there  is  imported  into  Liverpool,  18,000,000  pounds  of  tea,  out  of  the  5000,000  annually  imported  into  England,  it  would  constitute  about  200,000  chests,  of  84  lb.  to  each.  The  one onehundredth  hundredth onehundredth  part  of.  200,000  chests  is  2,000,  or  in  other  words,  2,000  chests  are  annually  given  in  lieu  of.  1,000  chests.  .to  the  Liverpool  tea  brokers  for  their  services.  •  .  Why?  Because  they  think  they  have  a  prescrip prescriptive  tive prescriptive  right  to  a  half,  per  cent.  on  all  tea,  whether  sold  by  public  or  private  contract.  Messrs.  Merchants,  importers  of  tea,  will  you  stand  this  anylonger—submit  to  have  your  imports  .pats  itman,a  on.'  broth  sides  ?  If  you  'do,  you  will  fa4Pify.  the.  conditions  of  your  talc.,  &lt;&lt;that  the  highest  bidder  shall,  be  the  and  ought  to.,  change  this  into  the  highest,.  &amp;c.,  through  -a  broker.  I  can't  _see  wherein  the  sale  of  tea.  differs  from  the  sale  of  an  old  tea-table.  -  There  are  brokers  in.  this-  line,  who  buy  for  themselves  or  their  customers  ;  but  whoever  heard  of  a  broker  charging  a  person  who  bids  for  himself,  half  per  cent  ?  Continue  the  brokers'  usage,  and  refuse  to  the  public  the  right.  to  purchase  on  their  own  account,  becoming  their  own  brokers  and  bidders,  and  you  pay  for  such  restriction  2,000  chests  a-year,  in  lieu  of  1,000  chests,  and  probably  get  less,  .rather  than  more  price  for  your  Bohea.  I  have  written  this  letter,  because  I  have  been  told  by  a  broker,  unless,  though  . STYLE=superscript  I  bid  for  myself,  I  pay  'brokerage,  he  will  not  receive  my  biddings  It•  is  fair  that  those  who  employ  brokers  should  pay  ;  but  is  it  reasonable  that  those  who  do  not  require  their  services  should  pay  ?  -  I  am,  respectfully,  THOMAS  OTTLEY.  20th  December,  1853.  14,  Temple-street,  Liverpool  ENGLISH  GOLD  MINE  BUBBLES.  TO  THE.EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SIR,—It  was  with  infinite  satisfaction  that  I  pe perused  rused perused  in  your  valuable  paper  of  22nd  November,  the  elaborate  exposure  'of  the  Great  Onslow,.Thisearn  and  Perean  Consols  Mines,  and  also,  Penquean  Slate  .Quarry-schemes:  My  object  in  now  addressing  yOu  is  to  caution  the,  public,  through  your  spirited  paper,  against  a  variety  of  Gold  Bubble  Schemes,  which  are  now  in  the  market.  The  promotereof  these  affairs  procure  8-  small  lump  of  auriferous  ore,”  perhaps  from  California  or  Australia,  -but  represented  to  have  been  raised  from  Mine,  •  county  of  This  specimen  is  at  once  for  - STYLE=superscript  warded  to  assay,  with  a  promise,  for  that  if  the  tones  . STYLE=superscript  he,  the  ;said  profess:or,  will  reiseive  a  grand  bonus,  as  his  share  of  the  spoiii  (say  1000  free  shares.)  :  As  a  matter  of  course,  the  worthy  professor  grinds  his  specimen  to  the  finest  powder,  in  order  to  extract  every  particle,  and  in  duo-seas  _  flourishing-return  of  four  ounces  of  pure'giila  to  the  ton  of  ore,  when,  in'  reality,  he  liad  but  operated  only  'on  100  grains.  This  fine  certificate  is  freely  published  in  a  variety  of  news newspapers,  papers, newspapers,  with  reports  of  large  sales  of  shares,  at  55.,  10s.,  and  20s  premium,  and  expected  to  reach  1001:  premium.  Alderman  Goodsale  is  stated  to  have  purchased  2000  shares,  and  his  esteemed  friend,  CoUncilfor  Barebones,  takes  1500  shares,  provided,  they  can  sell  them  in  the  market.  This,  however,  is  easily,  effected,  with  the  assistance  of  the  puffing  reports,  and  the  aid  of  a  feW  Iningry  brokers,  who  jump  at  any  dirty  job  for  a  commission.  Full  of  buqmess,  they  enter  the  stock  exchange,  card  in  hind,  the  first  trade  for  a  month,  shout  bubbles,!  gold  bubbles  !  who'll  buy  my  fine  gold  bubbles?  Gold  bubbles  that  will  pay  50  per  cent..  dividends  in  twelve  months—who  will  buy  at  30s.  The  green  ones  bite;  the  ball  is  set  going,  and  every  day  brings  fresh  victims  to  the  slaughter,  With  an  addition  to  the  premium;  and  such  is  the  gullibility  of  poor  in  his  anxiety  to  obtainiriches,  that  he  buys  hiS  hundred  shares,  and  prizes  his  worthless  scrip,  until  he  dis  Covers  that  they  are  only.fit  for  the  'cook  to  light  fires  with.  In  the  Opinions  of  the  Most  talented  mining  men  hi  this  kingdom,  the  universal  opinion  is,  that  though  gold  is  known  to  exist  in  minute  particles  in  many  districts  of  England,  Scotland,  and  Ire Ireland,  land, Ireland,  but  not  in  sufficient  quantity  to  pay  for  ex 'extraction.'  It  may  also  be  remarked  that  small  portions,  say  100  to  150  grains  of  quartz  are  fie-.  quently  found,  containing  probably  20  grains  of  pure  gold;  that  amount  multiplied'  to'  the  propor proportion  tion proportion  of'  a  ton  of  quartz,  would  give  an  enormous  per  centage,  but  the  question  is  what  time  would  it  require,  and  what  would  be  the  expenSe,  to  col collect  lect collect  such  a  ton  of  ore  .?  Most  probably  a  thousand  years,  and  at  a  cost  of  £lO  to  £2O  per  ounce  of  gold  extracted.  There  are  many  parties  in  this  town  who  pur purchased  chased purchased  Californian  and  Australian  gold.  bubble  shares,  et  a  premium  of  300-to  500  per  cent,  when  in  reality  the  shares  never  ought  to  have  been  ata  premium  until  the  concerns  were  fully  deVeloped.  Not  one  farthing  has  yet  been  paid,  neither  is'  there  the  most  remote  prospect  of  a  dividend,  and  those  :who  are  interested  will  be  fortunate  if  they  ever  obtain  one  shilling  in  the  pound.  from  their  investment;  the  capitals  which  have  been  paid  up  will  be  frittered  away  by  greedy  directors  and  - STYLE=superscript  offi officials,  cials, officials,  and  such  will  be  the  result  of  the  English  Gold  Mining,  alias  Bubble  Companies.  Not  all  the  ingenuity  of  man  combined  can  extract  gold  from  where  it  does  not  exist.  It  appears  from  published  reports  that  there  have  been  numerous  experiments  made  recently,  with  new  machinery,  on  specimens  represented  to  be  from  about  twenty  Worthless  mines  in  different  parts  of  England,  Scotland,  'Sze.  The  promoters  of  these  experiments  have  . STYLE=superscript  only  in  view  the  object.  of  raising  a  sale  for  their  shares,  otherwise  worthless.  The  results  of  these  experi experiments  ments experiments  show  very  flattering  returns,  varying.  from  one  half  ounce  to  four  and  five  ounces  of  pure.  gold  to  the  ton  of  ore,  which  it,  must  be  borne  in  mind  is  only  on  a  very  small  fraction  of  a  ton,  which  may  be  stated  thus,—if.so  grains  quartz  return  6  grains  of  gold,  what  will  2240  lbs.  return  ?  But  no  reli reliance  ance reliance  can  be  placed  on  the  statements  of  the  parties  or  the  source  from  whence,  the  quartz  is  .  obtained.  In  a  short  time,  with  the  assistance•of  inachinery,  we  may  anticipate  assays  being  made,  and  large  returns  of  gold  being  discovered,  from  almost  every  rubbish  heap  in  the  mining  districts,  .from,corn .from,cornwell  well .from,cornwell  to  Shetland.  It  therefore  behoves  the  public  to  be  on  their  guard.—l  am,  Mr.  Editor,  your  obe obedient  dient obedient  servant,  •  Liverpool,  Dec.  19.  1853.  JUSTIN.  TOWN  IMPROVEMENTS  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SlR—Much  has  been  said  of  late  about  town  im improvements  provements improvements  ;  but,  of  all  the  plans  produced,  there  is  one  whieh  appears  to  me  to  have  been  overlooked,  and  which  is  worthy  of  consideration.  .  .  The  main  ,object  is  to  relieve  Dale-street  of  some  of,the  Increasing  traffic  from  the  railway  station  in  Lime-street  and  St.  George's  ,  Hall  to  the  landing  stage.  Now,  as  a  project  is  on:  foot  to  divide  the  George's.  Dock,  and  run  a  street  over  to  the  pier pierhead,  head, pierhead,  and.  as  Brunswick-street  and  Gook-street,  pretty  good  streets,  would  form  a  continuation  as  far  as  North  John-street,  it  would  be  a  trifling  mat matter  ter matter  (comparative  with  other  costly  plans)  to  make  a  new  street  from  here,  direct  to  the  south  end  of  the  St.  George's  Hall,  or  to  join  the  proposed  street  from  the  latter  place  to  Whitechapel.  This  would  shorten  the  distance,  and  open,  so  to  speak,  An  extra  wing  to  the  district  of  Whitechapel.  Another  reason  I  would  mention  in  favour  of  this  suggestion  is,  that  as  the  high  level  railway  scheme  is  so  much  approved  of,  and,  doubtless,  before  long  will  be  con constructed,  structed, constructed,  it  is  more  than  probable  the  Garston  rail railway  way railway  company  will  avail  themselves  of  the  opportu opportunity  nity opportunity  of  extending  their  line  to  Liverpool,  and  the  present  warehouses  in  the  Goree,  extending  from  James's-street  to  Brunswick-street,  could  be  made  into  a  commodious  and  central  station,  exceedingly  convenient  for  traffic,  and  especially  for  merchants  and  others  desirous  of  residing  on  the  line.  I  am,  Sir,  your  obedient  servant,  D.  ASSAULT.—Yesterday,  at  the,  Manchester  city  police policecourt,  court, policecourt,  Edward  Mulligan  was  fined  5115.,  or,  in  default,  to  be  imprisoned  for  two  months,  for  a  savage  assault,  at  ten  minutes  past  one  on  ,Sunday  morning,  on  a  person  named  Henry  Smith,  a  spinner,  and  a  stranger  in  the  city.  A  DISHONEST  LODGER.—Jane  Green,  a  married  woman,  was  charged  by  Mrs.  Jackson,  of  Queen's  Place,  Lower  Tranmere,  with  robbing  her.  The  prosecutrix  is  a  widow,  and  supports  herself  by  following  the  business  of  a  laundress.  In  May  last,  the  prisoner,  with  a  husband  and  child,  came  to  lodge  with  her,  and  remained  till  the  2th  of  August,  when  she  suddenly  disappeared  ;  but  the  husband  and  child  re remained  mained remained  with  Mrs.  Jackson.  At  various  times  property  entrusted  to  the  latter  to  wash,  had  been  mysteriously  stolen,  and  her  character  shortly  became  damaged  with  her  customers.  Subsequently  she  heard  that  the  prisoner  was  living  in  Manchester  ;  and  last  week  that  she  had  returned  to  Tranmere.  She  therefore  gave  information  to  the  pile;  and  had  her  apprehended.  The  prisoner  acknowledged  steal stealing  ing stealing  a  sheet  and  blanket,  and  pawn-tickets  for  most  of  the  other  property  were  found  in  possession  of  herself  and  her  husband.  She  was  committed  for  trial.  We  are  happy  to  announce  that  the  hardship  to  which  we  have  so  repeatedly  called  attention  regarding  the  serious  deductions  made  * STYLE=superscript  from  the  pay  of  naval  officers  serving  on  foreign  stations,  in  discounting  their  bills,  is  about  to  be  removed.  Arrangements  will  shortly  be  completed,  by  which  officers  will  have  the  optiOn  of  receiving  their  pay  in  cash  at  par,  or  of  having  a  bill,  as  heretofore,  upon  the  pa  aster-general.—  United  errice  Gazette.  PERSONATION  AND  FORGtERY  IN  CONNECTION  WITH  A  MONEY  Cur  - STYLE=superscript  B.—Yesterday;  at  the  Manchester  city  police policecourt,  court, policecourt,  a  person  named  William  Sicetintin,  was  charged  with  having  represented,  himself  as  another  person,  with  the  view  of  imposing  upon  the  Managers  of  a  money  club,  held  at  the  house  of.  Mr.  Lomas,  beer-seller.  It  appeared  that  a  person  named  Anderson  being  in  want  of  some  money,.  applied  to  _gr.  mnnev  lub.  for  the  loan  of  £B.  Sureties  were  tendered  and  visited  by  the  - STYLE=superscript  agent  or  tlw  ow.,  Mr.  William  l3rodie.  Amongst  the  other  sureties  was  the  prisoner,  who  gave  his  name  as  James  Taylor,  mechanic,  and  that  he  worked  in  a  shop  in  a  street  leading  out  of  Oldham-road.  After  the  prisoner  had  signed  the  promissory  note,  the  agent  of  the  club  suspected  that  he  was  not  the  party  he  represented  himself  to  be,  and  such  was  found  out  to  be  the  case,  upon  inquiry  being  made  at  the  shop  where  be  said  he  was  a  Mechanic.  And  the  real  James  Taylor,  mechanic,  stated  that  he  had  never  authorised  him  to  use  his  name,  or  sign  it  to  the  note.  He  stated  that  he  had,  up  to  within  a  recent  period,  lodged  with  the  prisoner,  and  that  he  had  been  asked  to  give  the  use  of  his  name,  but  this  he  always  objected  to.  The  prisoner  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  next  assizes.  DISTRESSING  SUICIDE  Ey  HANGING.—At  the  Railway  Inn,  Deansgate,  Manchester,  an  inquest  was  held  by  Edward  Herford,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  city  of  Manchester,  touching  the  death  of  Charles  Wilbraham,  late  of  21,  Lombard-street,  cab  driver,  aged  50  years,  leaving  a  widow  and  one  child.  Robert  Thompson,  of  21,  Lombard-street,  broker,  stated  that  the  deceased  had  lived  with  him  nearly  five  years.  Deceased's  wife  did  not  live  with  him,  but  he  lived  with  a  young  woman  named  Jane  Wilbraham,  who  was  under understood  stood understood  to  be  some  relation  to  him.  On  Friday  afternoon,  about  half-past  three  o'clock,  witness  sent  his  little  girls  upstairs  to  see  whether  the  deceased  was  within,  or  whether  he  had  gone  out  to  seek  work.  They  soon  came  down  and  gave  an  alarm  that  Charles  hid  hung  himself.  Witness  ran  up  and  found  him  hanging  by  a  small  cord  used  for  drying  clothes,  and  fastened  to  a  small  nail  by  the  door  of  his  own  room,  He  cut  him  down  instantly  with  his  pocket  knife  and  placed  him  on  the  floor.  He  was  warm.  Witness  sent  for  Dr.  Mann,  who  would  not  come,  and  then  Dr.  Stott's  man  arrived  and  said  he  was  dead.  He  had  been  out  of  work  three  weeks.  Jane  Wilbraham  could  earn  about  Is.  a-week  by  wash washing.  ing. washing.  They  were  very  badly  off,  and  there  was  no  food  in  the  house.  Believes  they  both  wanted  food  very  much.  Is  satisfied  it  was  want  which  caused  him  to  commit  suicide,  otherwise  he  thought  the  deceased  had  no  disturbance  of  his  mind.  'Besides  the  young  woman  with  whom  he  lived  he  has  to  support  his  wife  and  child.  lie  thought  that  if  the  doctor  first  sent  for  had  come  he  would  have  had  a  chance  of  saving  his  life.  Jane'  Wilbraham  stated  'that  they  had  been  In  great  want  of  the  necessaries  of  life.  The  deceased  was  a  high-spirited  man,  and  she  believed  it  was  want  that  had  forced  him  to  commit  suicide.  Verdict,  Hanged  himself  whilst  insane  from  the  effects  of  distress  and  want  of  ItOIITALTIT  o  MARI,  (From  the  New  York  Courier  and  Enquirer.)  The  ship  Constellation  left  Liverpool  on  the  21st  of  October  with  nine  hundred  and  sixteen  passengers  in  the  steerage  and  arrived  here  on  Friday  last  with  only  eight  hundred  and  sixteen.  One  hundred  had  died  in  thirty-five  days  and  twenty  of  the  survivors  reached  our  shores  only  in  a  condition  to  be  carried  to  the  hospital,  there  to  take  their  slender  chance  of  life.  •  The  fact  is  startling.  There  is  no  wonder  that  the  news  created  a  deep  sensation  in  the  com community,  munity, community,  and  particularly  among  those  interested  in  any  way  in  the  transportation  of  emigrants.  The  interest  which  it  awakened  manifested  itself  in  two  ways.  Some  persons  and  presses  took  the  easiest,  and  perhaps  the  most  popular  and  profitable  mode  of  airing  their  sympathies,which  was  to  de denounce  nounce denounce  all  and  singular  the  owners  and  captains  of  vessels  which  bring  emigrants,  and  especially  the  system  under  which  they  are  brought  over  ;--  for  it  seems  that  they  are  brought  under  a  though  we  were  not  aware  of  the  fact  that  there  was  a  system.  Others  were  aroused  to  investigate  the  circumstances,  with  the  hope  of  being  able  to  form  an  opinion  upon  all  the  facts  of  the  case,  instead  of  a  single  one.  The  latter  course  commended  itself  both  to  our  feelings  and  judgment.  We  found  in  the  first  place  that  with  regard  to  this  par particular  ticular particular  vessel,  the  Constellation,  there  was  an  unusual  cause,  in  the  condition  of  the  ship,  for  the  dreadful  mortality  which  took  place  on  board  her.  She  was  •  prttty  clean.  Ships  Which  bring  emigrants  are  never  very  clean,  for  a  reason  Which  we  shall  presently  consider.  The  deaths  on  board  the  Constellation  were  chiefly  of  cholera,  though  no  cases  of  that  disease  were  landed.  The  captain  says  that  he  never  saw  it'so  malignant  ;  that  it  killed  in  a  few  hours  nearly  every  one  attacked  by  it.  Such  is  the  account  of  the  matter  ,  given  by  the  health  officer.  But  this  particular  occurrence  is  made  the  occasion  of  attacks  upon  the  emigrant  system,  by  .  which,  we  suppose,  is  mea'  t  the  somewhat  similar  provisions  for  the  comfort  of  emigrants  which  are  made  partly  in  conformity  to  our  law,  partly  in  conformity  with  the  English  passenger  act,  and  partly  in  conformity  with  the  interests  of  the  emigrants,  the  shipowner,  and  last,  not  least,  the  willingness  of  the  former  to  conform  to  any  regulations  for  their  comfort.  at  all.  Were  the  provisions  of  our  present  law  fully  complied  with,  and  were  our  shipowners  and  masters  permitted  to  make,  with without  out without  further  interference,  such  provision  for  the  health  and  comfort  of  their  steerage  passengers  as  they  are  inclined  to  make,  there  can  be  no  doubt  that  emigration  to  this  country  would  be  accomplished  with  the  maximum  amount  of  security  to  the  life  and  health  which  be  secured  by  the  means  of  the  emigrants.  But  this  is  not  the  case.  Our  captains  and  owners  find  on  the  other  side  of  the  water,  but  chiefly  in  the  emigrants  themselves,  and  their  own  re recently  cently recently  restricted  power  on  the  decks  of  their  vessels,  serious  obstacles  to  the  perfect  working  of  their  plans  for  the  safety  and  comfort  of  those  for  whose  lives  they  are,  in  a  measure,  responsible.  By  the  British  passenger  act,  which  is  ver  stringent  in  its  terms,  the  provisions  to  be  used  by  the&amp;  emigrants  must  be  examined  and  approved  by  certain  go government  vernment government  inspectors.  This  would  seem  to  be  a.  very  reason reasonable  able reasonable  requirement.  But  it  is  found  to  work  in  this  way  :  provisions  taken  to  England  for  the  purpose  of  being  used  by  these  emigrants  on  the'  return  voyage,  are  almost  invari invariably  ably invariably  condemned  by  the  inspectors,  no  matter  how  good  their  quality  ;  and  it  is  more  than  suspected  that  these  inspectors  have  a  direct  interest  in  the  sale  of  the  comparatively  worth worthless  less worthless  stuff  with  which  the  owners  are  perforce  obliged  to  supply  - STYLE=superscript  themselves  in  England  at  English  prices.  It  is  in  the  emigrants  themselves,  however,  that  the  . STYLE=superscript  greatest  obstacle  to  a  proper  and  healthy  condition  of  the  ships  which  bring  them  is  found.  The  subject  is  an  un unpleasant  pleasant unpleasant  one  to  Aalk  about;  but  unpleasant  topics  must  sometimes  be  treated  ;  and  the  fact  is  that  the  personal  habits  of  these  emigrants  are  filthy  to  a  degree  which  few  readers  of  these  columns,  who  have  not  had  an  opportunity  to  study  the  natural  history  of  the  emigrant,  can  by  the  most  active  exertion  of  their  imaginations  possibly  conceive.  They  are  content  to  live  and  move  and  have  their  being  i  n  such  a  concatenation  of  foul  and  pestilential  substanc  es  ,  which  are  anything  but  vapors,  that  the  only  wonder  is  that  they  are  not  rotten  to  the  bone  before  they  reach  our  shores.  No  domestic  animal  of  decent  antecedents  would  consent  to  live  half  a  day  in  the  atmosphere,  and  with  the  surround surroundings  ings surroundings  to  which  a  large  portion  of  these  emigrants  appear  ut utterly  terly utterly  indifferent.  As  to  water,  the  females  seem  to  conceive  its  only  use  to  be  to  make  and  the  males  to  regard  it  as  only  fit  to  spoil  whiskey.  They  turn  into  their  quar quarters  ters quarters  when  they  go  on  board,  and  lie  stewing  and  fretting  'i  n  their  filth  throughout  the  voyage,  and  leave  their  dens  in  such  a  condition  that  Hercules  would  have  had  but  little  choice  between  them  and  the  Augean  stables.  'They  resent  as  an  interference  with  their  .  comfort  and  their  liberty  any  effort  to  enforce  personal  cleanliness  upon  them;  and  under  the  restrictions  at  present  laid  upon  captains  as  to  coercive  enforcement  of  discipline,  they  are  able  to  set  police  regula regulations  tions regulations  at  defiance.  It  is  worthy  of  remark  that  the  sickness  and  mortality  in  emigrant  ships  has  been  on  the  increase  since  the  passage  of  the  recent  laws  with  regard  to  discipline  at  sea.  The  lack  of  power  to  enforce  instant  obedience  from  their  crews,  or  to  punish  disobedience,  is  also  a  serious  obstacle  to  the  working  of  such  police  regulations  as  would  almost  entirely  prevent  one  class  of  disease  which  infect  emigrants  arriving  here.  Women,  with  children  at  the  breast,  who  entered  the  ship  in  health  leave  it  infected  with  a  loathsome  disease—mother  and  child—and  if  the  mother  choose  to  expose  herself  to  it,  the  captain  has  no  power  to  prevent  it.  lie  can  recommend,  and  suggest,  and  advise  •  but  he  can  no  longer  compel.  He  is  able  to  take  in  sail  only  by  politely  reminding  his  crew  of  the  propriety  of  such  a  course.  He  is  no  longer  one  man  power  ':;  front  which  there  is  no  appeal,  and  against  which  there  is  no  resistance,  except  by  a  mutiny,  which  gives  him  the  power  of  life  and  death  over  the  mutineers.  To  these  causes  are  to  be  attributed  that  portion  of  the  recent  excess  of  mortality  among  the  steerage  passengers,  which  is  not  due  to  epidemic  causes  existing  on  the  other  side  of  the  water.  The  limited  accommodations  for  these  passengers  is  not  responsible  in  any  great  measure  for  their  decimation.  With  the  same  space  at  their,  disposal,  they  might  make  the  voyage  in  safety  and  comparative  comfort,  would  they  themselves  take  but  moderate  care  of  their  own  persons,  or  could  they  be  compelled  to  do  so.  The  recent  cases  in  which  they  have  been  deprived  of  rations  have  been  those  in  which  captians  have  tried  that  method  of  enforcing  some  slight  semblance  of  decency  and  cleanliness  among  them,  but  in  vain.  The  only  consequences  were  abuse  on  board,  and  too  readily  echoed  complaint  here.  This  condition  of  things  is  serious,  and  under  present  circumstances,  seem seemingly  ingly seemingly  hopeless.  What  can  he  done  ?"
