text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  .-TiTAT  many  and  fearful  anomalies  exist  in  our  social  system  cannot  be  denied.  It  was  but  the  other  day  that  we  had  to  refer  to  the  defective  condition  of  the  Poor  Laws,  and  their  utter  incom incompetency  petency incompetency  to  meet  special  contingencies.  Since  then  our  sympathies  have  been  aroused  on  behalf  of  a  poor  young  girl,  named  MARY  ANN  ELDER,  .11110  was  brought  up  before  Sir  CHAPMAN  MARSHALL,  ,at  the  Guildhall,  on  Monday,  charged  withdempliShing  a  street  lamp,  value  one  shilling-and  sixpence.  From  the  evidence  then  adduced  it  appears  that  the  unfortunate  girl  had  .been  met  loitering  about  Skinner-street,  at  three  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning,  by  a  superannuated  policeman,  named  JoHN  STAG,  and  that  upon  being  interrogated  as  to  what  had  caused  her  to  be  perambulating  the  streets  at  such  an  hour,  she  stated  that  she  was  destitute  and  starving  ;  and  that  having  obtained  an  order  for  admission  to  the  King's  Cross  House  of  Refuge,  she  was  refused  admittance.  She  further  affirmed  that  from  the  Thursday  morning  previous:she  had  nothing  to  eat  but  a  halfpenny  loaf.  Upon  being  requested  to  go  away  by  the  policeman,  she  stated,  she  wanted  to  go  to  pri 'prison,'  and  accordingly  took  up  a  stone  and  broke  a  pane  of  glass,  the  property  of  the  gas  company,  when  she  was  immediately  taken  into  custody.  The  wretched  creature  was  sentenced  to  seven  days  imprisonment:  It  is  said  that  her  forlorn  and  destitute  condition  excited  the  commisseration  of  all  persons  in  the  court.  We  have  no  desire,  in  the  slightest  degree,  to  palliate  crime,  or  to  apologize  for  its  commission  ;  but,  nevertheless,  we  cannot  refrain  from  express expressing  ing expressing  our  conviction,  that  something  must  be`  lamentably.  displaced  in  our  social  machinery,  when  an  unfortunate  famine-stricken  female  can  find  no  place  of  shelter,  and  when  she  is  driven  to  the  awful  alternative  of  either  transgressing  the  law,  or  perishing  of  hunger  !  .  It  has  been  said  that  no  one  need  die  of  positive  destitution  in  England;  but  we  fear  sadly  facts  will  tell  to  the.  contrary.  We,  at  least,  console  our ourselves  selves ourselves  that  by  payment  of  the  poors'  rate  we  supply  ample  provision  for  the  necessitous.  But  it  does  not  appear  as  if  the  utterly  destitute  might  partake  of  the  national  provision  made  for  them.  Our  prisons  are  crowded,  and  many  of  their  inmates  prefer  such  asylums  to  the  worldiouse  refuge.  It  is  not  so  much  innate  disposition  to  commit  crime  as  positive  destitution,  that  forces  the  inmates  of  our  goals  oftentimes  to  violate  the  laws  of  their  country.  And  yet  we  keep  up  •  expensive  establish establishments  ments establishments  to  secure  and  maintain  them  ;  whilst  by  an  inefficient  Poor  Law  System,  we  increase  their  number—double  the  public  burdens—and  after  all  effect  little  •good.  Mr.  HENDERSON  replied  that  the  motives  which  actuated  the  opposition  were  not  now  the  question.  The  question  was  whether  they  were  to  carry  out  the  act  of  Parliament  or  not.  Ho  thought  they  could  carry  it  out  without  going  to  any  expense..  _  _  .  _  Mr.  GODIMEY:—But  you  ought  in  the  first  instance  point  out  how  the  nuisance  can  be  cured.  Mr.  HENDERSON  :  All  we  are  requested  to  do  is,  to  prove  the  nuisance.  M‘GowAN  said  that  Mr.  'Mansfield  would  not  con convict  vict convict  unless  the  were  satisfied  that  the  parties  were  not  using  the  best  means  for  preventing  the  smoke  nuisance  ;  but  that  inVolved  the  proof  that  better  means  than  they  used  ex existed  isted existed  for  preventing  the  nuisance.  Several  notices  had  becif  served  on  parties  for  this  nuisance,  but  the  committe  foibore  to  issue  the  summonses,  until  the  gentlemen  who  formed  the  sub-committee  and  afterwards  the  deputation,  had  done  what  they  wished—namely,  visited  those  towns  where  it  was  said  the  process  was  in  successful  operation.  That  plan  was  not  carried  out,  and  he  (Mr.  M'Gowan)  did  not  know  how  the  committee  were  now  to  act,  The  CHAIRMAN  was  rather  afraid  that  there  was  some  little  vindictiveness  in  this  thwarting  of  the  committee:;  and,  certainly,  if  a  committee  of  sixteen  gentlemen  would  not  satisfy  the  Council  in  such  a  small  matter  as  the  ap appointment  pointment appointment  of  the  deputation,  it  would  be  better  that  they  at  once  resigned.  .  Mr.  GODFREY  ;  You  say  that  several  notices  of  informa informations  tions informations  have  been  issued  against  parties  to  be  brought  before  Mr.  Mansfield—will  the.,officers  now  receive  orders.to  pro proceed  ceed proceed  with  them  ?  Mr.  M‘Gow,LNT  :  It  is  for  the  committee  to  determine  what  steps  are  to  be  pursued  ;  but  it  is  a  bad  system  for  a  public  body  such  as  this,  to  allow  prosecutions  which  they  threaten,  to  remain  in  abeyance  for  a  long  time.  Nr.  GODFREY  said  that  it  the  prosecutions  were  entered  on,  he  should  move  for  a  committ  ee  t  o  i  nqu  i  re  i  n  t  o  the.mat the.matter.  ter. the.matter.  Mr.  BECKWITH  was  sorry  to  say  that  the  committee  was  placed  in  a  very  unpleasant  position  by  what  took  place  in  the  Council,  at  its  last  meeting.  But  they  would  not  have  been  placed  in  such  a  painful  predicament,  if•it  had  been  the  good  judgment  of  the  committee  to  have  elected.  Mr.  Bennett  their  chairman,  when  he  wanted  to  return  to  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  here  called  Mr;  Beckwith  to  order  .Mr.  BECKWITH  conceived  he  was  .  perfectly  in  order.  The  CHAIRMAN  had  no  synipathy  with  Mr.  Bennett,  but  at  the  same  time  he  conceived  Mr.  Beckwith  was  out  of  or order,  der, order,  in  referring  to  him.  Mr.  BECKWITH  then  proceeded  to  say  that  he  was  very  glad  the  Council  had  opposed  the  deputation,  for  though  he  himself  was  on  it,  yet  he  had  no  desire  to  go  travelling  about  the  country.  Mr.  M'OrowAisr  observed  that  the  committee  were  already  about  suffering  the  inconvenience  resulting  from  the  position  in  which  they  were  placed.  There  was  a  letter  before  them  from  Mr.  Morgan,  representing  some  patentees,  and  request requesting  ing requesting  the  sub-cominittee  to  go  down  that  afternoon  and  inspect  a  steamer  in  the  river,  in  order  that  the  committee  might  see  how  the  apparatus  which  was  there  prepared,  would  effectually  prevent  thesmoke  nuisance.  Mr.  CLAYTON  said  that  it  was  necessary  that  some  one  should  go  down,  as  the  steamer  was  probably  lying  up  for  the  express  purpose  ofthe  experiment.  Mr:  BEciwira  :  Would  if  not  be  as  well  to  send  word  to  Mr.  Bennett,  as  he,  probably,  would  be  anxious  to  be  present  (Laughter.)  The  BOROUGH  ENGINEER  said  that  he  and.  Mr.  Fresh  would  go  down,  and  let  . STYLE=superscript  the  committee  knOw  the  result.  Mr.  BECKWITH  :  This  all  comes  from  your  discharging  Mr.  Parker's  friend,  Mr.  Slade.  A  communication  was  read  from  Mr.  Jackson,  coal-agent,  complaining  of  a  nuisance  in  Vauxhall  ward,  arising  from  some  chemical  matter  from  works  in  the  locality,  mixing  with  the  sewers  ;  steam  sometimes  issues  from  the  sewer  grating  opposite  to  a  butcher's  shop,  which  left  a  purple  de deposit  posit deposit  on  his  meat,  and  rendered  it  unsaleable.  Referred  to  the  Borough  Rngineer.  .  The  lett  — STYLE=superscript  er  laid  before  the  committee  by  Mr.  Moss,  relative  to  . STYLE=superscript  the  consumption  of  smoke  was  then  read,  and  it  was  agreed  that  the  re-construction  of  the  new  sub-committe  on  the  smoke  nuisance  shOuld  be  posponed  until  after  November.  Mr.  HonsoN  concurred  in  this  decision,  as  he  said  the  Council  was  under  the  impression  that  persons  who  knew  nothine  , STYLE=superscript  -of  the  subject  had  been  appointed  on  the  deputation,  the  act  was  looked  upon  as  a  job.  .  _  _  Mr.  BEciovrrii  ... STYLE=superscript  asked  vaiat  it  looked  like  on  the  occasion  when  Mr.  Hodson  the  £7O  for  going  to  London—you  went  to  London  on  the  water  question,  and,  therefore,  you  must  be  a  water  doctor,  for  which  you  charged  £7O,  you  know.  (Laughter).  Mr.  Hopson  thought  if  Mr.  Beckwith  had  been  there,  he  would  have  charged  more.  Mr.  BEcKwiru  :  I  don't  want  to  collar  a  shilling  myself.  (Continued  laughter).  The  medical  Officer  of  health,  reported  in  the  week  ending  Saturday  the  Bth  inst.,  the  deaths  registered  in  the  borough  were  229,  including  47  deaths  occurring  amongst  the  eme emegrants,  grants, emegrants,  most  of  whom  were  Permans.  Deducting  those,  the  correct  mortality  for  the  week,  becomes  192,  against  an  average  of  204,  without  cholera  in  the  same  week,  of  the  preceding  five  years—forty  deaths  were  registered  from  Cholera,  out  of  these  only  three  were  residents  of  the  town.  Diarrhoea  caused  16  deaths---being  four  fewer  than  in  the  previous  week,  and  three  less  than  the  average  of  the  cor corresponding  responding corresponding  week  of  former  years.  Of  the  remaining  20  deaths  from.  Zymotic  diseases,  8  from  Scarlatina,  fever  from  pooping-cough  2,  from  cramp  1,  from  measles  1,  from  sy syphilis  philis syphilis  1,  and  only  one  from  typhus-fever.  During  the  present  week  above  35  new  cases  of  Cholera  have  occurred,  of  which  25,were  amongst  the  emigrants,  and  four  amongst  the  in inmates  mates inmates  of  the  workhouse—two  of  those  having  been  employed  about  the  Cholera  patients.  Twenty  one  deaths,  have  oc occurred,  curred, occurred,  of  which  3  cases  were  among  the  residents  of  the  town.  The  majority  of  both  cases,  and  deaths  have  occur occurred  red occurred  amon  g  st  the  passengers  of  the  two  ships  mentioned  in  the  last  report,  viz  :  the  Silas  Greeman,  and  Isaac  Wright.  The  disease  seems  to  be  nearly  arrested  for  at  the  present,  no  new  cases  having  been  admitted  into  the  hospital  for  the  last  two  days,  for  either  the  resident  or  emigrant  population.  The  district  medical  officers  continue  to  reports  favourably  of  the  health  of  their  respective  districts,  and  the  registrar's  returns  do  not  as  yet  furnish  any  indica indication  tion indication  of  the  immediate  outbreak  of  the  epidemic.  The  parish  authorities  are  proceeding  with  their  arrangements  to  meet  the  contingency,  should  it  unfortunately  . STYLE=superscript  occur.  The  Rev.  J.  B.  'Lowe,  incumbent  of  St.  Jude's,  has  again  called  the  attention  of  the  medical  officer  to  the  4 STYLE=superscript  disgracefully  filthy  state  of  the  streets'adjOining  St:  Jude's  The  officer  of  health  has'  On.  several  occasions  represented  to  the  com committee  mittee committee  the  propriety  of  sewering  and  paving  these  streets,  in  several  of  which  there  arc  deep  'irregular  channels  and  pools  of  stagnant  water.  Most  the  back  passages  also  require  flagging  and  channelling,  and  the  medical  officer  of  health  begs  to  represent  this  as  a  case  requiring  immediate  atten attention  tion attention  on  sanitory  grounds.  The  engineer's  estimate  of  the  cost  of  sewermg  those  streets  is  £264  12s.  The  medical  officer  of  healtlialso  recommends  that  notice  be  served  to  pave  that  portion  of  William-street,  extending  from  Dalton Daltonstreet  street Daltonstreet  to  Elm-street.  This  portion  of  the  street  has  been  sewered,  but  the  surface  is  irregular,  and  gives  lodgment  to  foul  and  stagnant  water.  Mr.  Moss  strongly  recommended  that  the  streets  referred  to  by  Mr.  Lowe  should  be  at  once  done.  Mr.  BECKWITH  objected,  as  there  were  several  streets  in  West  Derby  of  much  longer  standing  which  were  not  yet  done.  The  Borough  Engineer  was  ordered  to  have  the  streets  sowered,  &amp;c.  Mr.  Rishton  the  building  surveyor,  reported  the  inspect inspectton  ton inspectton  of  140  dilapidated  privies  and  ashpits,  90  of  which  were  undergoing  alterations  and  repairs,  and  50  of  which  required  such,  together  with  various  other  details  in  his  department.  Mr.  Rowlands,  the  borough  engineer,  reported  various  par particulars  ticulars particulars  of  the  work  done  and  in  hand  in  his  department  ;  and  Mr.  Fresh  the  Inspector  of  nuisances  reported  the  empting  of  1032  cesspools,  the  inspection  of  176  nuisances  complained  of  by  inhabitants,  and  the  reference  of  44  others  to  the  Borough  Engineer  for  remedy  by  drainage,  etc.,  with  a  detail  of  the  ,  other  operations  of  his  staff,  including  par particulars  ticulars particulars  •of  a  Sanitory  examination  of  2054  court  houses,  and  1154  cellars,  formerly  cleared  of  inmates  in  the  lower  parts  of  the  town.  .  A  letterwas  read  from  Mr.  Laird,  complaining  of  the  non-removal  of  certain  nuisances  by  Mr.  Rose,  though  his  attention  had  been  frequently  called  to  them.  Mr.  Fresh  observed,  in  reference  to  this  matter,  that  Mr.  Harrison,  on  the  part  of  the  inhabitants  of  West  Derby,  had  met  Mr.  Rose,  and  that  they  had  agreed  that  no  fresh  deposit  Should  be  allowed  to  be  placed  in  the  locality  com complained  plained complained  of,  and  that  that  which  was  there  accumulated  should  be  removed  by  degrees.  Mr.  Harrisson,  however,  complained  that  that  agreement  was  not  carried  out,  but  he  (Mr.  Fresh)  could  state  that  Mr.  Rose  was  removing  the  accumulated  matter,  and  that  he  had  made  no  fresh  de deposit.  posit. deposit.  Mr.  HODSON  :  He  is  working  as  hard  as  a  man  can  work  ;  and  he  says  he  will  sacrifice  every  shilling  he  has,  to  carry  but  his  contract.  .  .  .  Mr.  CLAYTON  said,  it  was  a  very  serious  matter  to  Mr.  Laird,  that  .  the  nuisance  he  complained  of  should  be  re removed.  moved. removed.  The  Borough  ENGINEER  stated,  that  fifteen  men  had  already  left  his  employment  in  consequence  of  it,  but  observed,  that  in  Phillip's-street,  there  was  not  a  particle  of  manure  belonging  to  Mr;  Rose.  Mr:  ICUs])  The  northern  part  of  the  town  will  be  cleared  in  ten  days  if  he  goes  on  as  he  is.  Mr.  HODSON  said,  that  Mr.  nose  would  have  done  every everything  thing everything  demanded,  if  the  committee  had.  carried  out  their  agreement  with  him,  as  strictly  as  they  now  required  him  to  fulfil  his  contract.  Mr.  M'  GOWAN  observed,  that  there  was  certainly  an  ar arrangement  rangement arrangement  with  Mr.  Rose,  but  he  did  not  believe  it  was  in  the  nature  of  a  regularagreement.  -  •  The  -  CHAIRMAN  said,  that  the  agreement  was  made  'between  him,  the  Borough  Engineer,  and  Mr.  Rose  ;  and  that  agreement  would  have  been  carried  out,  were  it  not  for  the  refusal  of  the  Canal  Company,  to,  comply  with  the  request  made  to  them.  Mr.  Jhelum  asked  if  the  committee  was  to  be  bound  by  the  act  -of  the'  chafrman  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  replied,  that  he  and  the  Borough  Engineer  had  acted  in  accordance  with  the  instructions  of  the  committee.  A  letter  was  then  read  from  Mr.  Thomas  Duncan,  in informing  forming informing  the  committee,  that  the  difficulty  complained  of  by  Mr.  Rose,  in  procuring  water  to  cleanse  the  depots  on  the  e  moval  of  matter,  could  be  obviated  by  Mr.  Rose  calling  on  him.  A  brief  discussion  then  ensued  as'  to  the  nature  of  Mr.  Rose's  contract  in  this  particular,  •  but  it  appeared  that  the  words  in'  the  Contr  a  ct  were  th  a  t  he  would  wash  out  all  places  where  water  could  be  _  z  .  Sun-street  was  directed  to  te  severed,  to  drain  the  block  of  property  adjoining.  Notice  was  ordered  to  be  given  to  the  .Collegiate  Institution  to  drain  into  the  sewer  in.  Shaw-street.  The  Town  Clerk  was  directed  to  proceed  against  Mr.  Home,  for  obstructing  the  footpath,  in  Duke-street.  It  appeared appearedhe  he appearedhe  had  set  the  officers  of  the  Committee  at  defiance.  The  subject  of  an  encroachment  on  the  parapet  at  the  corner  of  rarlton-street,  Church-street,  was  ordered  to  be  referred  to  the  Borough  Engineer.  In  reply  .  to  a  question,  Mr.  Fish  said  that  he  had  examined  the  nuisance  complained  of  at  the  factory,  bridge  ;  it  was  caused  by  a  draining  from  the  deposit  from  the  streets  in•the  neighbourhood.  The  proceedings  terminated  about  four  o'clock  SELECT  VESTRY.  AN  adjourned  meeting  of  the  Select  Vestry  was  held  yesterday;  for'  the  purpose  of  receiving  the  report  of  the  Medical  Relief.  Committee,  in  connection  with  the  threatened  visitation  of  cholera.  The  Rev.  Rector  CAMPBELL  presided:  The  other  members  present,  were  Messrs.  Denton,  Came;  Ilughes,.  Jones,  Bradley,  Sumner,  Hand,  Shgw,  Mell  or  ,  Tio4,lton,  and  Savage.  The  proceedings  of  the  Medical  Relief:Committee  occupied  upwards  of  an  hour  in  reading,  bid  the  following  report  presents  a  resume  of  the  operations  of  the  committee.  REPORT  OF  THE  MEDICAL  RELIEF  COMMITTEE  Resolved,—That  the  following  summary,  embodying  the  proceedings  of  this  committee  up  to  the  present  time,  in  a  more  concentrated  form  than  the  minutes  admit  of,  be  sub submitted  mitted submitted  with  the  latter  to  the  consideration  of  the  Vestry  at  its  next  meeting  :  The  Medical  Relief  Committee  would  refer  to  the  foregoing  proceedings,  as  some  indication  of  the  promptness  and  assiduity  with  which  they  have  endeavoured  to  discharge  important  duties  entrusted  to  them.  The  order  of  the  General  Board  of  Health  was  received  on  the  26th  September.  The  Vestry  met  on  the  27th,  and  appointed  this  committee,  and,  at  the  conclusbn  of  this  meeting,  the  committee  held  their  first  sitting,  and  they  have  continued,  with  one  exception,  to  sit  daily,  and  sometimes  oftener.  Having,  in  the  first  instance,  called  together  the  whole  of  their  medical  staff  in  conference  upon  the  measures  to  be  taken,  these  gentlemen,  most  of  whom  had  had  much  experience  with  regard  to  the  cholera,  on  its  former  visitation,  attended  before  the  committee  on  the  28th  September.  It  was  obvious,  however,  that  the  principal  requirements  Ist.  Extensive  in-door  accommodation,  not  only'  for  the  sick,  but  also  for  those  poor  persons  who,  not  being  sick,  require  sepa sepapation  pation sepapation  from  the  infected.  -  2nd.  A  numerous  staff  of  medical  officers,  whether  for  the  treatment  of  the  sick,  or  house  to  house  visitation.  .  .  3rd.  Additional  dispensaries  for  the  more  ready  obtainment  by  the  poor  of  the  proper  medicines.  4th.  Vigilant  inspection  over  the  lodging-houses,  back  houses,  back  streets,  and  other  places  in  order  to  the  speedy  removal  of  everything  likely  to  engender  or  promote  disease.  The  workhouse  with  its  healthy  location,  its  large  well wellventilated  ventilated wellventilated  rooms,  its  medical  staff,  and  the  presence  of  every  appliance  which  medical  science  and  skill  have  provided  in  the  present  day  for  the  mitigation  of  human  suffering,  constituted  it,  in  the  view  of  the  committee,  the  most  fitting  receptacle!  in  the  town  for  cholera  patients.  The  committee,  therefore,  directed  their  efforts  to  rendering  the  workhouse  as  extensively  available  as  possible,  and  on  the  Ist  October  the  whole  of  the  children  in  the  workhouse  schools  were  transferred  by  their  directions  to  the  industrial  schooli  at  Kirkdale.  On  the  27th  September,  the  workhouse  provided  room  for  only  30  patients  ;  on  the  29th,  for  130;  on  the  Ord  October,  for  750  ;  and  on  the  7th  October,  for  1000  ;  and  if  the  new  medical  wards  be  ready  on  the  21st  October,  as  promised  by  the  contractors,  the  number  capable  of  being  ac accommodated  commodated accommodated  within  the  workhous  e  w  ill  th  en  exceed  1,200  persons.  To  meet'  eilery  emergency;  however,  the  committee  were  desirous  of  procuring  the  use  of  premises,  as  auxiliary  hospitals,  in  or  near  any  of  these  localities  likely  ,to  be  attacked'  by  cholera,  in  which  hospitals  for  the  saving  of  ti  me  ,  so  hi  g  hl  y  important,  when  dealing  with  this  deadly  disease.  The  patients  might  be  immediately  put  under  treatment,  and  when  past  the  point  of  danger,  removed  to  the  workhouse  until  their  ultimate  recovery.  They  accordingly  advertised  in  all  the  local  newspapers,  com commencing  mencing commencing  with  the  print  of  the  27th  September,  and  at  the  same  time  they  advertised  for  the  names  of  the  medical  gentlemen  who  were  willing  to  engage  their  services,  should  occasion  need.  Up  to  the  present  time  no  reply  to  the  first-named  adver:  tisement  has  been  received.  The  committee  on  the  llth  instant  obtained  possession  of  a  shed  in  William-street,  which  will  be  immediately  prepared  for  the  accommodasion  of  about  100  cases.  They  are  likewise  happy  to  report  that  after  considerable  negotiation  they  suc succeeded  ceeded succeeded  on  the  4th  instant  in  obtaining  possession  of  the  Emi Emigrant's  grant's Emigrant's  Home,  Moorfields,  capable  of  accommodating  about  200  persons,  and  which,  from  its  central  position,  it  was  desirable  to  occupy  under  efficient  arrangements  for  its  maangement.  On  the  same  day,  by  the  committee's  direction,  a  medical  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  was  assigned  to  this  hospital,  together  with  the  other  necessary  officers.  In  order  further  to  be  prepared  for  cases  occurring  on  board  vessels  in  the  river,  this  committee  made  application  on  the  30th  September,  to  the  Home  Office  for  permission  to  occupy  one  of  the  hulks  at  anchor  in  the  river,  and  on  the  sth  instant  they  received  a  communication  in  reply,  stating  that  Lord  Palmerston  was  at  present  in  correspondence  with  the  General  Board  of  Health  upon  the  subject.  To  facilitate  the  removal  of  cases  into  hospital,  and  to  render  the  distance  from  the  workhouse  as  short  as  possible,  with  re regard  gard regard  to  time,  the  committee  have  purchased  two  additional  cars  with  horses,  one  car  to  be  in  readiness  at  such  one  of  the  dis dispensaries  pensaries dispensaries  as  may  be  considered  most  conveniently  situated.  -  Three  additional  dispensaries  have  been  established,  making  five  in  all,  viz.  :—Burling-street  parish  dispensary,  Kent Kentstreet  street Kentstreet  parish  dispensary;  the  Workhouse,  Brownlow-hill  ;  Mr.  Brittain's,  Great  Crosshall-street  ;  another  house  in  Cheapside.  The  second  advertisement  before  referred  to  has  been  re responded  sponded responded  to  by  the  applications  of  thirty  medical  gentlemen,  who  will  be  appointed  house•to-house  as  necessity  may  arise.  To  render  these  extensive  arrangements  as  effective  as  possi possible,  ble, possible,  the  committee  determined  to  make  them  known  amongst  the  poor  by  the  issue  of  a  printed  paper,  instructing  them  as  to  the  precautions  to  be  taken  to  prevent  cholera;  where  to  obtain  medicines  and  medical  advice  when  attacked,  or  a  conveyance  to  hospital,  if  necessary  ;  and  accordingly  one  of  such  papers  is  in  course  of  delivery  at  each  of  the  25,000  cottage  houses  in  the  parish.  The  removal  of  nuisances  and  of  all  other  matters  likely  to  be  detrfmental  to  the  !public  health  is  a  duty  which,  in  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  devolves  especially  upon  the  Health  Comn  - STYLE=superscript  kittee  of  the  Town  Council  nevertheless,  the  Select  Vestry  are  required  by  law  to  secure  that  such  duty  is  effectively  discharged.  To  aid  as  far  as  possible  in  a  work  of  so  much  importance  at  the  present  juncture,  the  Medical  Relief  Committee  have  directea  their  medical  officers  and  relieving  officers  to  report  gaily  all  nuisances,  unhealthy  rooms,  and  places  coming  under  tneir  no notice,  tice, notice,  and  all  nuisances,  &amp;c.,  previously  reported  -but  not  attended  to,  Copies  of  all  such  reports  are  sent  daily  to  the  Medical  Officer  of  Health,  as  also  returns  from  the  medi medical  cal medical  officerS,  sheaving  the  number  of  cases  of  bowel  complaint— complaintthe  the complaintthe  number  cared---the  number  dead,  and  then  umber  remain-  ing  under  treatment  The  Committee  Inve  communicated  to  the  Manager  of  the  Public  Dispensari,  s  and  Hospitals  of  the  town,  a  request  that  all  cases  .coming  under  their  cognisance  may  be  immediately  notified  to  the  Governor  of  the  Workhouse.  Several  sick  cases  on  board  the  Silas  having  on  her  arrival  been  reported  to  the  Committee,  they  imme;  diately  appointed  a  medical  officer•accompanied  by  the  governor  to  visit  this  vessel,  with  authority  to  take  such  steps  with  re regard  gard regard  to  the  disposal  of  the  passengers,  as  circumstances  might  require.  He  •found  the  vessel  in  a  state  of  filthiness,  which,  aided  by  the  over  crowding  and  the  personal  uncleanliness  of  the  passengers,  was  sufficient  to  account  for  the  prevalence  of  disease  on  board.  Cases  were  immediately  brought  to  the  workhouse  hospital.  Indeed,  it  was  found  absolutely  neces necessary  sary necessary  for  the  preservation  of  the  remaining  passengers,  to  clear  the  vessel  of  her  living  cargo,  and  they  wore  •accordingly  re-  moved  to  the  Moorfield's  establishment.  The  circumstances  of  the  Isaac  were  still  more  deplorable.  There  was  the  same  state  of  filthiness,  the  same  want  of  ventilation,  besides  deficient  means  of  cooking  for  the  number  of  persons  on  board.  She  brought  three  dead  bodies,  forty-seven  had  been  thrown  overboard  ;  three  died  during  transmission  to  the  workhouse,  and  of  380  brought  to  the  workhouse,  forty-two  who  arrived  in  the  most  wretched  con condition  dition condition  it  is  possible  to  were  obliged  to  be  placed  in  the  hospital.  Each  of  these  380  unfortunates  were  provided  with  a  berth,  and  a  comfortable  meal,  and  were  then  put  to  bed.  The  extraordinary  exertions  which.  were  necessary  to  vide  in  such  an  exigency  for  so  large  an  accession  of  •inmates,  were  cheerfully  rendered  by  the  governor  and  his  assistants  whose  praiseworthy  conduct  on  this  occasion,  deserved  and  re received  ceived received  the  grateful  thanks  of  the  emigrants.  They  says  the  head  constable  in  his  report  to  the  mayor,  very  grate grateful  ful grateful  for  what  had  been  done  for  them,  and  expressed  their  •  In  one  room  nearly  the  whole  of  them  were  praying.  It  was  a  most  gratifying  sight  to  witness  the  care  which  had  been  bestowed  upon  them  by  the  authorities.  Notwithstanding  the  present  healthiness  of  the  town,  and  its  exemption  hitherto  from  the  cholera  epidemic,  yet  looking  to  the  former  ravages  of  this  fearful  disease,  the  committee  have  deemed  it-not  only  a  public  but  a  christian  .  duty;  to  be  well  prepared,  so  far  as  human  means  permit,  for  the  prevention  or  mitigation  of  that  dreadful  eeourge,  ...  The.  Committee,  in  conclusion,  desire  to  make  reference  to  a  letter  addressed  to  the  Rev.  Rector  Campbell,  by  T.  L.  Hod Hodson,  son, Hodson,  as  chairman  of  the  joint  sub-committee,  sitting  at  the  Town-hall,  which  letter  .  urges  the  attendance  of  the  Medical  Relief  committee  with  that  committee,  stating  the  object'of  this  arrangement  to  be  joint  action  between  all  the  Public  Bodies,  under  present  circumstances.  In  this  communication  the  Rector  replied  that  certain  mem members  bers members  of  . STYLE=superscript  the  Medical  Relief  committee  had  arranged  to  attend  the  meetings  of  the  joint  sub-committee,  for  the  purpose  of  conference,  but  that  the  duties  of  the.  Town  Council  arid  the  Vestry  are  perfectly.  distinct,  as  laid  down  by  the  Board  of  Health,  and  that,  as  they  cannot  dive'st  themselves.  of  _  their.  respossibilities  as  Guardians  of  the  Poor,  so  they  gannet  depute  the  execution  of  them  to  any  other"
