text
"THE  PEACE  MOVEMENT.  Despatches  from  Vienna  repeat  the  statement  that  Russia  proposed  that  the  preliminaries  of  peace  shall  be  signed  at  Paris.  She  also  expresses,  according  to  this  despatch,  a  strong  desire  to  conclude  peace  as  speedily  as  possible.  Another  despatch  mentions  that  on  Sunday  Count  Buol  had  not  obtained  the  Russian  signa signature  ture signature  to  all  the  demands  which  the  Cabinets  of  England  and  France  have  thought  proper  to  signify  as  being  necessary  before  opening  nego negociation  ciation negociation  s.  The  Journal  des  Debats,  of  yesterday,  contains  a  correspondence  from  Berlin,  in  which  it  is  stated  that  at  St.  Petersburg  it  is  conceived  that  Russia  has  the  right,  under  clause  five  of  the  peace  propositions,  to  introduce  special  conditions  on  her  own  account,  but  it  is  remarked  that  if  this  interpretation  were  admitted,  the  claim  would  be  neutralised  by  con contrary  trary contrary  provisions.  The  report  is,  that  in  self selfdefence,  defence, selfdefence,  Russia  will  demand  that  England  shall  impose  on  herself  obligations  similar  to  those  Russia  has  declared  her  willingness  to  accept.  For  example—England  to  be  prevented  fortifying  Heligoland,  which  menaces  Denmark  and  all  North  Germany,  and  that  the  number  and  strength  of  her  ships  of  war  entering  the  Baltic,  be  limited.  The  Independance  Beige,  of  Sunday,  publishes  the  following  statement:—  The  text  of  the  Russian  acceptance  arrived  at  Vienna  on  the  23rd  ;  it  was  found  satisfactory  on  all  points.  From  thence  it  was  forwarded  to  Paris  and  London,  where  it  produced  the  same  favourable  impression.  The  necessary  authorisations  to  sign  the  protocol  have  been  forwarded  to  M.  de  Bour Bourqueney  queney Bourqueney  and  Sir  Hamilton  Seymour.  As  to  the  Conferences  at  Paris,  on  account  of  the  necessity  of  waiting  for  the  Turkish  Plenipotentiary,  they  will  not  probably  be  opened  until  the  end  of  The  fridependance  also  intimates  that  Piedmont  will  only  discuss  in  the  Conferences  those  ques questions  tions questions  in  which  she,  as  an  Italian  Power,  is  espe especially  cially especially  interested  ;  and  states  that  Prussia  will  in  all  probability  be  admitted  to  the  Conference,  on  account  of  the  manner  in  which  she  supported  the  Esterhazy  propositions.  The  following  appeared  in  our  Extra  Editions  o  f  yesterday  :  APPROACHING  CONFERENCES  The  Morning  Post  contains  the  following  :—We  are  enabled  to  state,  that  a  protocol  will  be  signed  almost  immediately  at  Vienna,  by  the  representatives  of  Eng England,  land, England,  France,  Austria,  and  Russia,  recording  the  fact  of  the  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  proposals  by  the  Cabinet  of  Russia,  and  fixing  a  date  for  the  opening  of  confer conferences  ences conferences  upon  the  basis  of  those  proposals.  The  conferences  will  take  place  in  about  three  weeks  from  this  time,  at  Paris,  which  capital  was  simultaneously  proposed  as  the  seat  of  negotiations  both  by  England  and  Russia.  Plenipotentiaries  will  be  immediately  appointed  by  the  powers  concerned.  Lords  Clarendon  and  Cowley  will  repres!nt  England.  The  perfect  accord  which  subsists  between  France  and  England  on  the  important  and  vital  questions  to  he  submitted  to  those  conferences,  make  it  certain  that  they  will  be  opened  under  the  most  favour favourable  able favourable  auspices,  and  we  trust  they  may  issue  in  the  hap happiest  piest happiest  results.  The  Frankfort  Gazette  states  that  the  sth  point  contains  not  only  the  clause  which  forbids  the  re-construction  of  Bomarsund  but  also  the  demand  that  the  Island  of  Aland  shall  be  converted  into  neutral  ground,  and  never  be  occupied  by  a  Russian  garrison.  The  same  journal  says  that  Count  Nesselrode  will  himself  probably  be  at  the  negotiations.  The  Piemonte,  of  Turin,  has  an  article  against  peace  on  the  proposed  terms,  couched  in  a  strong,  if  not  stronger,  language  than  any  that  has  been  employed  by  any  English  journal.  The  same  journal  also  says  :  Russia  knows  what  she  is  about  while  the  Western  Powers  apparently  do  not.  In  leaving  Russia  still  mistress  of  Poland  she  will  he  left  with  her  principal  instrument  of  aggressive  force;  she  will  soon  renew  her  strength.  The  proposed  arrangement  is  a  miserable  expedient--a  truce  and  not  a  The  assertions  of  the  German  press,  that  it  was  Prus Prussia,:and  sia,:and Prussia,:and  Prussia  only,  that  decided  the  Czar  to  give  way,  are  alluded  to  by  the  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Times,  with  a  view  of  showing  that,  while  the  Prussian  Ambas Ambassador  sador Ambassador  was  giving  good  advice,  his  colleague  at  Berlin  was  urging  the  Cabinet  of  Vienna  to  content  itself  with  the  Russian  counter-propositions.  The  forwarding  agents  in  Memel  and  other  places,  have  received  orders  from  their  Russian  customers  to  hold  their  hands  for  the  present,  as  the  opportunity  of  sending  goods  cheaper  by  water  is  very  shortly  expected,  by  the  conclusion  of  a  looked  for  peace.  VIENNA:SUNDAY.—The  text  of  the  Russian  accept acceptance  ance acceptance  of  the  propositions  was  received  officially  on  the  23rd.  It  has  been  transmitted  to  London  and  Paris.  The  necessary  forms  are  expected  immediately  for  Baron  Bourquenzy  and  Sir  Hamilton  Seymour  to  sign  a  pro protocol.  tocol. protocol.  THE  CAPE  OF  Goon  HOPE.—We  have  received  files  of  papers  from  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope  to  the  Bth  of  Dee.  inclusive.  The  Natal  papers  publish  long  accounts  of  the  visit  of  Sir  George  Grey  to  that  colony.  At  Springfield  his  Excellency  visited  the  sugar  estate,  and  expressed  much  astonishment  at  finding  an  area  of  120  acres  of  cane  ripening  for  next  crop.  He  was,  moreover,  informed  that  there  were  from  400  to  500  in  other  directions,  north  and  sonth,  on  the  coast  lands  in  a  similar  state  of  progress.  His  Excellency  was  everwhere  received  with  the  greatest  enthusiasm.  THE  EASTERN  COUNTIES  MEETING.—ReaIIy,  unless  the  Eastern  Counties  shareholders  can  manage  to  conduct  their  meeting  proceedings  with  more  propriety,  and  them themselves  selves themselves  in  a  more  gentlemanly  manner,  it  will  be  better  for  them  not  to  meet  at  a'l.  Personally  we  should  think  some  of  them  will  suffer  severe  shocks  to  their  constitutions  from  their  extremely  excited  conduct,  and  may  have  to  pay  more  in  doctors'  bills  than  they  will  ever  receive  in  dividends  from  their  stock  ;  and  of  course,  no  business  worth  transacting  can  be  done  by  a  meeting  i  n  a  state  of  uproar.  The  person  who  was  listened  to  most  attentively  was  a  fellow  near  us,  who  successfully  imitated  the  howl  of  a  dog.—lierapath.  Too  Mucrr  AND  Too  LtrrLE.—The:mate  of  a  transport  at  Balaklava  has  been  flogged  for  drunkenness,  by  order  of  the  Provost  Marshal.  It  appears  to  be  far  from  cer certain  tain certain  that  the  man  was  drunk,  a  natural  stammer  having  been  taken  for  the  defective  utterance  of  intoxication.  The  case  was  thus  only  one  of  strong  suspicion  of  drunkenness  punished  with  the  cat-o'-nine-tails•  But,  assuming  that  it  was  proved  drunkenness,llet  us  ,  compare  the  punishment  with  the  treatment  of  t4e  same  offence  on  the  part  of  the  clergy,  who  should  be  our  patterns  of  conduct,  in  the  ecclsiastical  court,  which  we  have  lately  had  occasion  to  notice.  'The  charges  in  those  instances  were  of  habitiial  intoxication,  not  of  single  eases,  and  the  ready  excuse  found  by  the  Court  for  the  vice  was  that  the  reverend  defendant  was  led  into  it  by  a  kind  and  social  disposition,  The  Provost  Mar Marshal  shal Marshal  at  Balakla,va  discovered  no  such  extenuating  circumstance  in  the  mate's  case.  It  was  enough  that  he  found  him  drunk,  or  seeming  drunk,  and  he  flogged  him  accordingly.  If  the  culprit  had  been  a  clergyman  instead  of  a  ship's  mate,  how  much  more  indulgently  his  offence  would  have  been  treated.  Or  if,  on  tha  other  hand,  the  rev.  rector,  whose  habitual  drunkenness  the  Arches  Court  so  indulgently  ascribed  'to  his  amiability,  had  been  in  the  Place  of  the  Mate;  in  the  hands  of  the  Pro Provost  vost Provost  Marshal,  ibist  he  would  have  smarted  for  his  cups.  Certainly  it  would  seem  that  the  church  would  be  better  for  a  little  of  the  Provost  Marshal  in  its  discipline  as  regards  drunkenness,  and  that  the  army  would  not  be  the  worse  for  some  of  the  leniency  of  the  Arches  Court.—  Examiner.  RAILWAY  REFORM.  MEETING  OF  SHAREHOLDERS.-  YESTERDAY  A  public  meeting  of  parties  interested  in  railway  perty,  resident  in  Liverpool,  Manchester,  and  the  neigh neighbouring  bouring neighbouring  towns,  was  held  at  one  o'clock,  yesterday,  in  the  Cotton  Sales'  .room,  Exchange-buildings,  to  consider  the  propriety  of  forming  a  Railway  Shareholders'  Associatio  n STYLE=superscript  .  The  meeting  was  convened  by  advertisement,  whi  ch STYLE=superscript  appeared  in  the  Liverpool  ipapers  for  the  first  time  °  LI STYLE=superscript  Saturday,  and:owing,  probably,  to  this  shortness  of  n  otice  , STYLE=superscript  combined  with  the  inclement  character  of  the  weather,  th  e STYLE=superscript  .  attendance  was  not  as  numerous  as  the  gene  ra  ll  y  a  d  m  itted  importance  of  the  subject  would  warrant.  There  we  re STYLE=superscript  not  more  than  150  gentlemen  present.  The  chair  wad  occupied  by  Lawrence  Heyworth,  Esq.,  M.P.  ;  and  Mr'  Malins,  chairman  of  the  meeting  held  in  London  on  th  e STYLE=superscript  22nd  inst.,  attended  to  state  the  views  which  were  a  l STYLE=superscript  '  templated  in  the  formation  of  the  association.  The  Chairman  said:  Gentlemen,  I  dare  say  you  all  fee  with  me  that  the  meeting,  for  the  purpose  on  which  w  e STYLE=superscript  are  assembled,  is  of  very  great  importance,  and  that  the  matter  we  have  to  consider,  as  far  as  property  is  involved  in  the  question,  is  of  the  utmost  importance.  (He  al STYLE=superscript  ;  hear.)  There  is  no  one  that  has  been  engaged  in  railway  matters  as  long,  for  instance,  as  I,  who  have  been  co  lt STYLE=superscript  '  nected  with  them  from  the  first  introduction  of  the  railway  system  into  this  country,  but  must  have  seen  there  bag  been  a  crying  evil  somewhere,  which  has  destroyed  th  e STYLE=superscript  finest  property  that  was  ever  brought  into  action  arnoll  mankind,  and  robbed  of  their  just  profits  those  who  eta  ployed  their  capital  in  the  construction  of  works  so  bea  t STYLE=superscript  '  ficial  to  the  general  interests  of  the  country.  (heat'  hear.)  Gentlemen,  it  is  desirous  that  we  should  find  out'  if  possible,  what  are  the  evils  which  have  thus  destroy  ed STYLE=superscript  our  fine  property.  Mr.  Malins  is  here,  as  chairmali  of  t  he STYLE=superscript  Association  of  Railway  Proprietors  formed  in  London,  t° STYLE=superscript  give  us  his  views  and  opinions  on  the  subject.  He  113 STYLE=superscript  :  already  stated  his  opini  on  o  f  th  e  na  t  ure  o  f  the  evils  w  hin:  have  fallen  on  railway  property,  and  in  the  chief  of  his  views  I  perfectly  coincide.  He  will  pardon  a  te STYLE=superscript  ,  i  however,  if  I  point  out  one  observation  in  his  publish  e STYLE=superscript  i  remarks  at  London—l  do  not  k  now  if  it  i  s  correctly  reported  or  not—in  which  Ido  not  coi  nc  id  e  .  H  e  seetcst  j  attach  but  little  importance,  in  considering  the  e  vils;  railway  property,  to  the  extensions  and  branches  •  have  been  generally  unproductive,  and  which  have,  a  s STYLE=superscript  consequence,  rendered  the  first  lin  es  th  a  t  were  constructs  unprofitable  to  the  original  proprietors  in  the  compaa  je STYLE=superscript  ;  Now,  I  think  that  is  precisely  the  point  where  a  ll  evils  have  originated.  I  believe  that  if  we  had  kept  the  great  arterial  railways  disconnected  with,  and  sepa  l STYLE=superscript  '  s STYLE=superscript  /  from,  unprofitable  branches  and  unprofitable  extension  s STYLE=superscript  if  we  had  kept  the  London  and  North-western,  the  0 STYLE=superscript  0  11 STYLE=superscript  Western,  and  the  other  great  le  a  di  ng  ar  t  er  i  es  o  f  rally/  ai STYLE=superscript  l?  throughout  the  kingdom  to  themselves,  we  would  nc  ti STYLE=superscript  t  o  receiving  the  just  remuneration  of  10  per  cent.  for  °  O  ,  money,  and  1  think  that  is  only  a  f  a  i  r  remunerat  i  on  ou  t STYLE=superscript  to  outlay,  or  great  works  like  railways,  which,  at  their  C  mencement  were  very  like  speculations,  in  which  o°  o  ° STYLE=superscript  l  could  tell  whether  he  would  loose  or  ga  i  n.  (Here  ,  be  0  This  evil  of  making  additional  branches  and  extensi  e STYLE=superscript  er  has  never  received  a  sufficient  curb  from  railway  C  prietors.  At  the  very  d  awn  o  f  the  evil  I  pro  tes  o STYLE=superscript  d  po  i  against  it,  and  I  know  th  a  t  o  th  ers  too  protested  ag3ity  it.  For  instance,  when  that  branch  was  first  p  r  opose  e  ,  the  making  of  a  line  from  Manchester  to  Crewe,  I  P STYLE=superscript  1  tested  against  it.  H  owever,  it  was/218,de,  and  tho  4 STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  o  o  l STYLE=superscript  l  abstracted  a  consid  era  bl  e  amount  of  capital  in  the  or  instance,  and  dimini  s  h  e  d  our  profits  on  the  Grand  Jo'ibet)  tion  line,  it  in  ti  me  recover  itself,  it  is  true,  but  'Of  our  property  was  depreciated  for  a  period.  It  W  aS STYLE=superscript  t  ot  quick  recovery  of  that  line  after  it  was  made'o  o STYLE=superscript  caused  shareholders  to  o  ver  l  oo  k  t  h  e  evil  of  este  r  tte  lines,  but  still  it  is  true,  that  nearly  all  the  other  e  x STYLE=superscript  lie  f  sious  that  have  been  mad  e  ,  an  d  a  ll  th  e  ot  h  er  WI,  that  have  been  made  through  un  p  ro  d  uc  ti  ve  districts'  o/  uniformly  diminished  our  dividends.  It  is  possibl  e STYLE=superscript  '  oef  after  the  commerce  of  th  e  country  has  b  een  still  developed,  and  its  pop  u  l  a  ti  on  and  wealth  increased'  t,/  unproductive  branch  lines,  a  hundred  y  ea  ,.,,  hpn  , STYLE=superscript  °'  y  ep  also  turn  out  profitable,  just  as  the  Manchester  :repot  line  to  Crewe,  become  profitable  in  much  less  '  tinie•;  still  it  is  the  interest  of  shar  e  h  o  ld  ers  t  o  protest  4901  any  branch  lines  or  extensio  ns  b  e  i  ng  ma  d  e  ,  air'  against  the  inveterate  competition  which  railways  ti3 STYLE=superscript  os  i  tain  between  each  other.  (H  e  a  r  ,  h  ear,  and  013Pitp  Railways  ought  to  look  upon  their  interests  as  one;  0  1  ought  to  bear  community  of  interests.  Now,  wha  t STYLE=superscript  G:01  more  mad,  or  foolish  policy—and  I  only  mention  i  t STYLE=superscript  35 STYLE=superscript  t  j  instance—what  can  be  more  mad  :orimpoliti  e STYLE=superscript  s  s  t  the  contest  going  on  between  the  Lanc!gt  and  Yorkshire,  V STYLE=superscript  and  the  Ea;;  - STYLE=superscript  company,  here  at  hand.  A  line  was  made  from  the  :  i  re  , STYLE=superscript  '  bourhood  of  Ormski  r  k  t  o  S  outhport.  There  is  3  line  to  Southport,  which  has  been  purchased  by  tp  e STYLE=superscript  d  cashire  and  Yorkshir  e  com  p  any,  and  the  traffic  ought  to  flow  over  that  li  ne  .  N  ow,  lam  intere  st,  both  of  these  railways,  and,  therefore,  speak  disi  li STYLE=superscript  rd  edly  as  regards  one  or  th  e  o  th  er.  T  he  traffic  Oltpoj  flows  direct  from  Liverpool  to  Southport,  over  wool  belongs  to  the  Lancashi  re  an  d  Yorkshire  corapaa.eofjv  did  the  East  Lancashi  re  com  p  any  d  o,  b  ut  iudeflaile  moral  feeling—of  what  is  mo  ra  lly  r  i  g  ht  between  go  man—they  say  to  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  .0  pany,  have  the  power  of  competing  with  i  °- STYLE=superscript  ti  tio'  because  we  have  that  power,  we  will  put  it  into  e%e  e STYLE=superscript  ,  though  to  our  own  injury,  and  the  injury  of  our  holders,  and  to  the  injury  of  you  and  your  share  l° STYLE=superscript  for  we  will  have  a  p  or  ti  on  of  this  traffic,  though  )t STYLE=superscript  0  5  0 STYLE=superscript  4  not  naturally  flow  over  our  line,  w  h  a  t  ever  it  n-ti  Thus  are  the  int  eres  t  s  o  f  a  ll  sacr  i  ficed  ,  because  1 STYLE=superscript  :  0  P  aware  that  the  traffic  is  totally  unr  emunera  tive  East  Lancashire  company,  and  very  little  remiln  e STYLE=superscript  V  4  if  at  all,  to  the  L  ancas  hi  re  an  d  Y  or  k  shire  compaePoit'  I  only  mention  that  as  an  instance  of  what  ig  -  -  upon  all  the  lines.  We  have  all  a  common  ,  we  have  all  shares  more  or  less  in  all  those  railw  a/ STYLE=superscript  tr  ' STYLE=superscript  ite'  what  then  does  it  signify  whether  this  railway  e° STYLE=superscript  with  that  railway,  when  both  are  our.  property?  11  1  5 STYLE=superscript  we  should  say  is  observe,  gentlemen,  t  ile STYLE=superscript  rights  which  exist  between  you  as  companies  , STYLE=superscript  would  between  yourselves-  as  individuals.  you  not  go  and  act  towards  individuals  in  that  way,  or  e  0  did,  you  would  b  e  scouted  in  society,  well,Lco,'/,  moral  in  your  conduct  to  the  other  railways  aren  a STYLE=superscript  e  :  (Hear,  hear.)  Th  e  very  f  i  rst  rupture  bet  wee  n  the  0  41,  and  North  West  ern  an  d  t  h  e  Great  Western  eattiii;  commenced  by  an  immoral  act  on  the  part  of  °  fie STYLE=superscript  to  r STYLE=superscript  j  ,'  directors  of  the  form  er  li  ne,  b  ut  who  is  a  (11;4  more.  The  traffic  of  the  Ch  e  lt  en  h  am  and  t'  district,  flowed  nat  ura  ll  y  :  over  the  Great  Wesrtivi  but  he,  acting  on  the  immoral  principle  which  sfr(  above  pointed  out,  d  ec  l  ared  that  the  other  lio°  have  a  portion  of  that  traffic,  and  so  began  tb  Wien.  Th  e  resu  l  t  has  been,  that  the  one  10-,  1$  ~  formerly  paid  ()W  P  4 STYLE=superscript  it  p  er  cent,  now  only  i  4  e STYLE=superscript  e  7  per  cent,  ar46l  the  other  li  ne  ,  which  also  1  33 STYLE=superscript  f  per  cent,  now  only  pays  four  or  five  P  e STYLE=superscript  j  !*,`,  Ruination  has  c  ome  upon  us,  when  if  they  fitowards  e  e  ll  a  o  c  v  h  e  O  h  t  :ler  as  honest  men  d  o  among  th  e  m STYLE=superscript  e  i  0 STYLE=superscript  ray  conscience  th  a  t  we  weal('  )  receipt  of  IQ  per  cent  at  this  day.  (Hear,  hear',,,i  Mr.  Marius,  after  apologising  for  his  presetl  ee STYLE=superscript  s  tio  il STYLE=superscript  l  them,  on  the  score  of  the  importance  of  the  ( STYLE=superscript  II  10'1'only  to  them,  but  to  the  w  h  o  l  e  nation,  proceeded  tIY  that  having  been  invit  e  d  t  o  appear  before  as  urged  by  his  colleagues  in  London  to  att  eli STYLE=superscript  oe  te  ri STYLE=superscript  l  Or  believed  it  his  duty  t  o  attend,  however  incitlef:.  might  be  to  bri  ng  the  suLdeet,  to  consider  wh  iell' STYLE=superscript  '','  assembled,  bef  ore  th  em.  The  capital  which  105  e  to  V STYLE=superscript  S  in  railways  was  So  enormous  as  almost  to  P  5 STYLE=superscript  l  i  e  prehension;  but  it  might  be  imagined  wh°3oArl'  that  the  c  a  pit  a  l  so  embarked,  representta  t  ;  preference  shares,  or  debentures  and  bonds  , STYLE=superscript  Il STYLE=superscript  e  el  ' STYLE=superscript  twenty  times  as  large  as  the  capital  of  tb„-e  0'  pt  England,  and  from  six  to  eight  times  a  s  lar''  o  P`,,  T  on  4  10  embarked  in  the  cotton  trade,  on  which  the  0  1 STYLE=superscript  of  of  England  so  much  depended.  He  would  0 STYLE=superscript  or  sl  y STYLE=superscript  9  comparison  between  it  and  the  agricultural  re  g  interest,  because  he  conceived  that  the  fig  li STYLE=superscript  ce  ,..'  already  given  sufficiently  showed  its  impee  rtalj STYLE=superscript  a  i  f  r STYLE=superscript  one  of  the  strangest  things  to  be  witnes  s STYLE=superscript  ;  to  v STYLE=superscript  o  4t  , STYLE=superscript  property  a  such  magnitude  should  be  allow  e STYLE=superscript  o  oo  decay.  (Hear.)  'the  downward  course  was  still  for  he  would  not  call  the  spurt  that  113( STYLE=superscript  4  8  14 STYLE=superscript  /  within  the  la  s  t  f  ew  days,  in  consequence  of STYLE=superscript  `  ro  gr  e STYLE=superscript  o  f;  of  peace,  any  deviation  t  o  th  e  downward  Ptiell'4  had  been  g  o  i  ng  on.  There  were  a  few  exce  v  constructed  lines,  a  n  d  th  e  results  which  el STYLE=superscript  t  l STYLE=superscript  t  l  eP  ; STYLE=superscript  og  showed  that  the  f  au  lt  was  not  in  the  railways  f  d  e  ~~  as  commercial  undertakings,  but  in  the  rneclell  meat  (hem',  hear),  fo  r  even  unc  l  e  r,  nearly  o  stances,  there  were  some  lines  that  had  risen,  while  the  great  majority  had  fallen.  It  was  a  consolation  to  know  that  some  of  them  were  well  conducted,  and  that  because  they  were  so  managed,  they  enjoyed  the  public  confidence,  and  prospered  ;  and  that  instead  of  following  the  general  downward  course,  they  had  risen,  even  in  the  present  time.  He  saw  no  reason  why  the  same  management  should  not  be  applied  to  all  (hear,  hear),  and  it  was  to  enlist  the  co-operation  of  the  gentlemen  of  Liverpool  and  Manchester  in  bringing  about  that  end  that  he  appeared  before  them.  The  distrust  of  the  public  in  railways%  he  believed,  arose  in  a  great  measure  from  the  opinion  that  there  was  no  distinction  made  between  the  capital  and  revenue  accounts,  and,  if  that  opinion  were  true  (and  he  feared  they  all  too  well  knew  that  it  was  true)  a  more  fatal  error  in  management  could  not  by  possibility  have  been  committed.  If  a  person  built  a  house,  or  shop,  or  manufactory,  and  after  building  it,  closed  his  capital  account  as  it  was  called,  and  then  traded  for  a  year,  and  ending  that  he  had  not  been  successful,  took  a  few  thou.  sands  from  the  capital  account  to  persuade  himself  and  his  friends  that  he  was  trading  profitably—such  an  instance  In  trading  as  that  would  be  a  parallel  case  to  the  manage management  ment management  in  railways  in  taking  money  out  of  the  capital  account  for  those  expenses  that  ought  to  be  provided  out  of  revenue.  (Hear,  hear.)  Therefore,  they  should  come  to  the  conclusion,  that  unless  a  distinction  was  made,  apparent  to  the  whole  kingdom,  that  capital  was  not  applied  to  revenue  accounts  for  revenue  purposes,  the  public  confidence  would  not  be  given  to  railways,  and  they  could  not  arrest  the  downward  movement  that  had  been  so  long  going  on.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  would  quote  from  the  Daily  News  of  the  21st  inst.,  the  statistics  of  a  few  French  railways  in  comparison  with  some  English  lines,  because  they  spoke  in  terms  not  to  be  misunderstood  by  any  body.  On  the  - STYLE=superscript  31st  of  January,  1855,  there  were  thirty-one  British  railways  worth  124,839,0261.,  and  they  Were  now  worth  only  89,620,5161.,  being  a  depreciation  of  upwards  of  29,000,0001.  in  the  market  value  of  thos(  securities.  At  the  same  period  there  were  thirty-on  French  railways  which  were  worth  31,122,000/.  and  they  Were  now  worth,  at  market  price,  60,517,3101.,  or  nearly  double  their  cost,  and  paying  ou  an  average  a  dividend  of  102  per  cent.,  after  deducting  the  sums  necessary  for  the  ultimate  redemption  of  the  stock.  They  could  not  then,  In  a  national  point  of  view,  overestimate  the  importance  of  setting  this  great  question  right—(hear,  hear)—because  many  men,  who  were  considered  wiser  than  their  neigh neighbours,  bours, neighbours,  prided  themselves  that  they  did  not  hold  a  single  share,  whilst  they  did  not  hesitate  to  embark  in  any  foreign  adventure  of  the  same  kind  ;  and,  if  that  system  Which  drained  the  capital  of  the  country  were  not  checked,  the  most  disast  rous  resu  l  ts  would  be  produced  on  their  position  at  home.  It  caused  a  drain  of  gold  from  the  country,  and  the  consequence,  was  that  the  balance  in  the  books  was  diminished,  the  rate  of  discount  and  of  interest  in  every  transaction  rose,  the  exchange  was  against  them,  the  was  applied,  prices  were  and  ruin  spread  in  every  direction—such  ruin  as  that  which  followed  the  crisis  in  1847,  and  again  recently  in  the  year  which  they  had  witnessed.  The  question  then  was  not  one  of  private  but  of  national  safety,  and  as  the  wel welfare  fare welfare  of  the  country  depended  upon  it,  it  should  be  met  in  an  honest  way.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  question  which  the  chairman  had  introduced,  was  one  of  the  highest  import importance  ance importance  in  railway  matters,  namely,  the  question  of  exten extension,  sion, extension,  and  in  dealing  with  it,  he  (Mr.  Malin's)  would  merely  :say,  that  if  extension  had  ruined  the  railway  system  they  could  not  now  set  it  right,  and  that  if  it  were  an  evil,  it  was  a  minor  one  compared  with  the  course  pursued,  in  regard  to  a  great  portion  of  the  traffic  which  was  taken,  not  at  a  profit,  but  at  a  great  loss.  The  figures  which  he  should  have  to  lay  before  them,  would  prove  that  to  be  the  case.  The  obj  3ct  which  they  wished  to  bring  about,  was  described  very  accurately  in  the  city  article  of  the  Times  the  day  after  the  meeting  in  London,  but  in  the  comments  which  were  made  in  a  leader  of  the  Times  the  day  following,  it  was  attributed  to  him  that  he  considered  4  per  cent.  sufficient  remuneration  for  share.  holders  in  railway  property.  Now,  he  neither  said  nor  meant  anything  of  the  kind,  and  as  probably  they  had  not  read  his  letter,  in  reply  which  the  Times  inserted,  they  wo  uld  permit  him  again  to  repeat  his  explanation.  (Hear,  1 STYLE=superscript  2  e STYLE=superscript  ar.)  His  view  was,  that  4  per  cent.,  or  the  common  Interest  of  money,  was  as  much  one  of  th  e  charges  of  con coneating  eating coneating STYLE=superscript  railway  s  ,  as  th  e  men  '  s  wages  th  e  y  em  pl  o  y  e  d,  an  d  t STYLE=superscript  hat  the  at  managers  in  making  their  calculation  of  the  cost  0  ,  en  they  ca  n  do  any  work,  carrying  passengers  or  g STYLE=superscript  '&#34;  d STYLE=superscript  s  , STYLE=superscript  should  make  provision  for  that  common  interest  of  money,  as  one  of  the  necessary  charges  to  be  made  on  all  the  traffic,  and  that  when  they  had  paid  that  common  interest STYLE=superscript  '  any  thing  that  was  over  was  a  profit  ;  but  he  ne STYLE=superscript  ver  meant  to  have  it  supposed  for  one  moment,  that  he  considered  4  per  cent.  adequate  remuneration  on  the  un STYLE=superscript  dertakings.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  though  6  per  cent.  a  fair  a STYLE=superscript  nd  moderate  profit  to  look  for,  and  if  they  went  much  far farther  ther farther  beyond  that,  the  other  evil  of  further  extensions  would  be  incurred.  Referring  again  to  the  question  of  interest  and  cost,  they  found  that  the  total  cost  of  the  construction  of  the  railways  in  the  kingdom  had  been  at  the  rate  of  35,0001.  per  mile,  and  that  the  traffic  on  the  lines  was  2,567/.  per  mile.  If  they  took  the  com common  mon common  interest  on  that  outlay  they  would  find  it  to  come  to  1771/.  simply  for  interest  on  the  cost  of  construction,  so  that  almost  two-thirds  of  the  total  earnings  of  the  line  were  et  the  present  time  absorbed  in  the  cost  of  construction,  Heaving  for  other  expenses  and  indispensable  charges  only  little  more  than  7961.  per  mile.  That  sum  was  not  suffi sufficient,  cient, sufficient,  and  the  consequence  was  that  some  shareholders  had  to  go  without  any  dividend  at  all,  while  those  in  the  best  lines  only  received  up  to  four  per  cent.  It  was  difficult  to  imagine  how  such  a  state  of  things  had  come  about,  but  he  was  inclined  to  think  that  instead  of  having  too  little  management  they  had  too  much  of  it  ;  and  they  had  so  much  competition  one  line  against  the  other,  cutting  down  the  charges  to  the  lowest  figure,  that  he  was  satisfied  that  great  part  of  the  traffic  was  carried  at  such  a  loss  as  to  swamp  the  large  profits  which  he  believed  was  made  upon  mach  of  the  passenger  and  ordinary  traffic.  (Hear,  hear.)  T  he  est  of  running  a  train  from  Liverpool  to  London  Mr.  Stephel7son  calculated  at  Is.  3d.  a  m  il  e  ,  an  d  when  they  recollected  that  he  fare  was  ii.  175.,  and  f  or  th  e  express  21..75.,  which  left  a  w:.`le  margin  , STYLE=superscript  they  should  be  a  s  t  on  i  s  h  e  d  how  any  loss  had  arisen  ;  ,;ut  if  they  investi  gate  d  the  matter  a  little  closer  they  would  see  it  in  its  true  light.  They  were  not,  however,  to  despair,  but  they  should  say  to  their  directors,  You  shall  not  make  ducks  and  drakes  of  our  property.  See  what  your  expenses  are  for  your  traffic,  and  if  you  do  not  get  remuneration  enough  leave  it  (Hear,  hear.)  They  would  be  much  better  off  Without  the  traffic,  if  they  could  not  get  a  profit  on  it.  'When  he  considered  the  practical  wisdom  for  which  Liverpool  men  were  distinguished  he  was  astonished  that  they  should  hive  allowed  such  a  state  of  things  to  arise.  and  he  could  only  find  a  solution  for  it  in  this  way—that  the  active  mind  of  Liverpool  and  Manchester  was  at  work  against  the  passive  mind  of  Liverpool  and  Manchester  ;  that  was,  that  in  both  places  there  Were  so  many  men  who  had  a  direct  interest  In  the  carrying  at  low  rates,  because  of  the  nature  of  their  business,  that  they  were  ever  at  work  in  the  matter,  and  so  the  active  mind  prevailed  over  the  passive  mind,  or  the  men  of  bu  s  i  ness  over  those  shareholders  who  sat  at  home  in  peace  and  ease.  He  had  no  doubt,  throiwever:thHat  y  they  could  comb  a  t  th  e  evil,  and  would  et'  h  disclaimed  the  shad  ow  of  hostility  to  the  L  n STYLE=superscript  o  m STYLE=superscript  nd  p STYLE=superscript  o  . STYLE=superscript  n  and  e STYLE=superscript  North  Western  Railway  or  the  G  reat  Western  Company,  ,or  any  other  line.  7  He  looked  upon  shareholders  on  great  body  of  men  who  had  a  common  interest,  and  he  trusted  that  that  feeling  would  henceforth  inspire  them  ail,  and  the  evils  which  they  deplored  be  thereby  abated.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  magnitude  of  those  evils  would  be  found  in  the  amount  of  the  deterioration  in  the  value  of  their  property.  He  would  give  one  instance.  The  London  oad.  North  Western,  though  it  in  nine  years  increased  its  ~%pital  by  132  per  cent.,  or  from  14,073,118  1 STYLE=superscript  .  in  1846,  to  39,  074,652/.  in  1853,  it  had  reduced  its  dividend,  al  though  traffic'  bad  tripled  itself  in  amount.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  found,  c  •kpin,  that  in  1849  the  a  verage  o  f  a  p  assen  ger  amoun  t  e  d  to  3'.  l  ltd.  ;  in  1854  it  was  on  l  y  2s.  B,}d.,and  they  would  t  'horefore  see  that  when  these  reductions  were  made,  with  ou  t  at  the  same  time  reducing  the  interest  and  the  cost  of  wor;:ing'  all:  the  loss  should  f  a  ll  on  th  e  shareholders.  (H  ear  .)  T  he  shoulders  of  the  cu'lltlarY  chairman  had  remarkc'd,  in  ,opening  the  meeting,  on  the  evil  of  making  branch  liCes  but  when  they  recollected  that  one  of  the  most  valuable  branch  lines  in  the  kingdom  —the  Trent  Valley  —was  the  work  of  a  man  so  reputed  for  wisdom,  and  so  high  in  pubiic  confidence  as  the  late  Sir  Robert  Peel,  they  could  not  wonder  that  all  the  world  should  follow  in  the  footsteps  of  a  man  who  had  been  almost  worshipped  in  his  jtime.  However  much  the  evil  was  to  be  regretted,  it  was  one  which  could  not  have  been  prevented;  nor  did  ho  believe  it  was  injthe  power  of  man  now  to  atop  the  construction  of  additional  railways,  :or  wherever  there  was  a  block  of  country  so  far  from  9.l,4tation  as  to  be  debarred  of  its  advantages,  its  inhabitants  would  move  heaven  and  earth,  until  they  got  a  railway  to  pass  through  their  district,  and  bring  them  into  communication  with  the  rest  of  the  world,  and  chiefly  its  markets.  The  chairman  would  say,  let  them  make  it  at  their  own  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  a  good  maxim,  and  if  shareholders  had  the  power  of  legis legislating  lating legislating  they  might  order  it,  but  there  was  no  law  to  prevent  other  people  helping  them,  and  he  was  afraid  the  evil  would  still  go  on.  They  would  recollect  that  a  little  before  the  Trent-Valley  line  was  made,  railways  were  puzzled  how  to  dispose  of  their  profits,  and  that  it  was  upon  that  occasion  that  Sir  Robert  Peel  brought  in  his  celebrated  law,  to  give  government  the  power  of  purchas purchasing  ing purchasing  them  at  a  valuation,  when  they  paid  ten  per  cent.  That  law  almost  set  the  country  wild  in  the  impulse  which  it  gave  to  railway  property,  and  the  consequence  vi  as,  that  power  was  sought  for  and  obtained,  for  the  making  of  branch  lines  and  extension  in  every  direction.  At  that  time,  in  1846,  the  gross  earnings  of  the  London  and  North  Western  railway,  was  2,082,9661.  That  was  earned  by  220  locomotive  engines,  and  they  had  a  dividend  of  ten  per  cent,  and  a  considerable  surplus  behind.  In  nine  years  afterwards,  in  1854,  the  gross  traffic  was  only  2,770,7071,  although  triple  amount  of  work  was  done,  and  triple  the  number  of  engines  employed  ;  or  in  other  words,  it  was  earned  by  653,  instead  of  220,  engines.  In  1846,  the  net  earnings  of  each  engine  were  5,2611;  in  1854,  the  gross  earnings  were  only  4,2541;  showing  a  difference  of  1,0071  upon  the  earnings  of  each  engine—the  one,  too,  being  nett,  and  the  other  gross;  although,  as  they  knew,  the  power  of  the  engines  had  been  greatly  increased  between  the  one  period  and  the  other.  In  1846,  the  length  of  road  to  be  maintained  was  381  miles,  the  charge  for  the  year  being  90,8101.  or  2381.  per  mile:  in  1854,  there  were  639  miles,  the  charge  for  which  was  107.6181.  or  1681.  per  mile,  being  70/.  less  than  in  1846,  although  the  traffic  had  increased,  and  with  it,  of  course,  an  enormous  increase  in  wear  and  tear.  He  could  not  say  whether  it  was  true.  but  there  was  a  sum  of  441,0001.  charged  against  the  capital,  and  it  was  believed  by  many  persons  that  it  went  to  the  renewal  of  (Hear,  hear.)  He  believed  that  one  of  the  greatest  evils  of  the  traffic  was,  that  it  was  carried  on  at  present  by  great  monopolies.  Certain  per persons  sons persons  had  the  exclusive  privilege  of  sending  goods  in  a  particular  direction,  and  a  friend  of  his  who  was  taking  an  active  part  in  this  movement,  complained  to  him  that,  having  to  send  1,500  bales  of  Manchester  goods  from  Lon London,  don, London,  he  could  only  do  it  through  one  particular  house,  and  on  payment  to  it  of  one  shilling  a  bale.  He  considered.  and  he  was  sure  the  meeting  would  agree  with  hi-n,  that  the  railway  should  be  open  to  all  parties,  and  if  people  were  to  bleed  by  the  (laughter)—for  its  use,  the  company  and  not  a  third  party  should  have  the  benefit  of  all  it  performed.  (Hear,  hear.)  Another  thing  which  should  be  taken  into  account  was  the  canal  interest,  for  no  doubt  they  were  aware  that  their  dividends,  which  originally  had  been  generally  ten  per  cent,  had  been  brought  very  low  through  the  competition  between  railways  and  canals.  He  had  had  some  commu communication  nication communication  with  the  heads  of  that  interest,  and  he  believed  there  would  be  no  objection  on  their  part  to  meet  railway  proprietors  in  a  fair  spirit  in  order  that  each  might  get  from  the  public  such  fair  remuneration  for  work  performed  as  each  was  entitled  to.  Not  to  weary  them  further  with  figures  he  would,  if  they  pleased,  proceed  to  consider  the  remedy  proposed,  and  which  would  be  found  embodied  in  the  resolutions  passed  at  the  meeting  in  London,  and  pub published  lished published  in  the  Times.  Mr.  Malins  here  read  the  resolutions  and  continued  :,The  custom  of  auditing  railway  accounts  at  the  end  of  each  half  year  he  believed  to  be  very  useless  It  was  not  the  practice  which  they  adopted  in  private  business,  but,  on  the  contrary,  they  looked  at  their  bills  before  they  paid  them.  They  hoped  to  see  a  most  rigid  system  of  audit  and  control  brought  about  before  accounts  were  paid,  and  a  mode  of  dealing  with  the  accounts  adopted,  that  it  would  be  impossible  to  put  that  which  belonged  to  revenue  accounts  to  capital,  and  vice  versa.  The  trouble  which  would  arise  from  dealing  in  that  way  with  capital  and  revenue  might  be  considerable,  but  noth nothing  ing nothing  as  compared  to  the  benefit  which  would  arise  from  it;  and,  therefore,  be  thought  they  could  not  too  seriously  turn  their  attention  to  the  question,  and  give  all  the  aid  in  their  power  in  bringing  about  so  desirable  and  needed  a  change  in  railway  management.  The  question  of  deterio deterioration  ration deterioration  to  the  rails  was  one  of  the  utmost  consequence;  it  was  one  which,  as  Mr.  Stephenson  remarked,  after  a  given  time,  was  a  new  expense,  like  salaries  to  their  servants,and  therefore  it  should,be  borne  in  the  same  way.  and  not  by  funds  brought  overito  future  years,  but  every  year  bear  its  own  proper  proportion  of  the  expense.  If  it  were  not  so  their  managers  would  ibe  mistaken  in  the  amount  which  it  would  cost  to  carry  on  the  work,  and  as  a  consequence  they  would  continue  to  carry  at  a  loss.  Again,  Mr.  Stephenson  had  calculated  that  a  saving  of  /d.  on  each  train  mile  run  would  give  them  a  total  saving  of  80,0001.  per  annum,  and  a  farthing  additional  on  each  passenger  carried  during  the  year  would  give  them  160,0001.  —both  together  being  nearly  a  quarter  of  a  milllion.  It  was  not,  therefore,  with  great  things  they  would  have  to  deal,  but  it  was  with  small  and  apparently  petty  charges,  and  if  they  did  that,  and  saw  that  no  traffic  was  taken  at  a  loss,  they  would  soon  restore  rail  vay  property  to  its  true  value.  In  conclusion  Mr.  Malins  again  dwelt  on  the  importance  of  the  subject  of  railway  reform  in  a  national  and  private  point  of  view,  and  observed  that  he  had  come  to  Liverpool  to  ask  the  people  of  it  and  Manchester  for  their  co-operation  and  aid  in  the  movement.  If  they  thought  it  was  not  of  such  importance  as  to  deserve  that  aid  he  would  regret  it,  because  he  knew  that  without  that  support  nothing  could  he  done  in  the  matter;  but  he  trusted  that  they  would  think  otherwise,  and  that  they  would  not  cease  in  their  co-operation  until  the  great  end  proposed  to  them  was  accomplished.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  Wrigley,  of  Manchester  then  came  forward  for  the  purpose  of  offering  a  few  observations  upon  the  subject  then  under  discussion.  He  said  it  was  only  on  the  previous  night  that  he  had  heacd  that  there  was  to  be  a  meeting  in  Liverpool  on  that  day.  Had  he  known  that  there  would  be  a  meeting  held  in  Manchester  in  order  that  the  shareholders  in  railways  in  that  district  might  have  expressed  their  opinion  on  the  subject,  he  should  have  reserved  himself  for  that  day,  but  as  such  was  not  the  case,  he  felt  it  to  be  his  duty  to  attend  the  meeting,  and  to  give  his,  and  he  might  say  the  opinions  of  many  others  of  the  town  to  which  he  belonged,  on  the  subject.  He  had  read  with  considerable  interest  the  reports  of  the  speech  of  the  meeting  held  in  London  a  few  days  since,  for  the  purpose  of  establishing  a  Railway  Reform  Association,  and  of  the  necessity  of  such  an  association,  but  few  could  doubt.  He  might  say  that  he  felt  a  peculiar  interest  in  the  subject,  as  for  seven  years  he  had  been  a  director  of  a  company,  and  it  was  some  years  sihce  he  retired,  and  had  endeavoured  to  withdraw  his  money  from  such  a  source,  and  he  would  assure  the  meet meeting  ing meeting  that  when  he  did  retire,  it  was  from  sheer  disgust  at  the  way  in  which  the  business  of  the  company  was  conducted'  (Hear,  hear.)  There  was:  such  a  want  of  moral  principle  in  all  their  transactions,  and  the  mode  in  which  the  busi business  ness business  was  conducted  was  so  shameful,  that  since  he  had  withdrawn  from  the  company  he  had  been  endeavouring  to  quit  himself  of  railway  stock  altogether,  but  he  had  been  unable  to  do  so  from  the  great:losses  he  would  have  to  sus sustain  tain sustain  ;  and  he  attended  that  meeting  in  the  expectation  that  the  association  would  devise  some  means  by  which  to  restrain  or  check  the  present  system  of  railway  manage management.  ment. management.  (Rear,  hear.)  If  the  present  system  was  not  put  a  stop  to,  all  interest  in  railways  would  be  stopped,  and  ruination  would  follow.  There  was  one  striking  feature  in  the  railways  of  the  present  day,  and  that  was,  that  the  shareholders  were  under  the  controul  of  the  officials,  and  there  was  an  utter  want  of  power  on  the  part  of  the  share shareholders,  holders, shareholders,  which  prevented  them  from  taking  the  management  of  their  own  affairs  into  their  own  hands,  and  unless  some  ,  steps  were  taken  to  remedy  the  evil,  the  power  would  grow  so  strong,  that  the  officials  would  think  that  they  had  nothing  to  do  but  to  vote  their  own  salaries.  Much  had  had  been  said  about  railway  directors,  and  no  small  amount  of  blame  had  been  cast  upon  them  as  a  body,  but  he  would  not  join  in  the  censures  upon  them  all,  because  he  believed  that  there  were  some  very  honest  men  amongst  them  who  could  act  impartially,  and  who  would  bring  to  bear  their  influence  on  railway  matters  I  therefore  it  was  that  he  would  not  join  i  n  th  e  common  censures  on  all.  He  believed  .  !tat  railway  di  rectors  were  what  ra  i  lway  shareholders  made  The  shareholders  had  been  too  unmind unmindful  ful unmindful  of STYLE=superscript  their  own  interests,  as  they  had  not  attended  to  the  meetings  as  they  should  have  done,  and  therefore  they  had  h  r  d  o  right  to  cast  a  ll  t  h  e  bl  ame  on  the  the  prosperity  of  the  railwayeo  ntentedwitthhewmhseielvhesthtoeyhweaerrien  directors.  They  con connected,  nected, connected,  and  hav  e  b  een  blinded  as  to  how  the  dividend  g STYLE=superscript  wa  o STYLE=superscript  s  f STYLE=superscript  raised:  They  were  content  so  that  they  d  saw  that  the  shares  rose  in  the  market.  He  would  allude  one  l  subject,  and  p  o  a  u  t  o  i  ffi  si  ce.  What  that  was  the  men  who  filled  the  motive,  he  would  ask,  had  the  Eastern  etheComany  for  placing  the  gentleman  in  the  position  he  (Cries  of  He  was  speaking  to  the  then  held  question  —he  was  adverting,  and  was  about  to  show  the  effects  of  railway  government  on  railway  shareholders.  He  would  ask  them  was  it  to  benefit  the  shareholders  that  he  was  placed  in  that  position  P  He  was  inclined  to  think  not,  but  because  he  was  an  adept—he  had  had  great  experience  in  railway  matters,  and  knew  how  to  go  to  work.  He  might  be  wrong  in  his  conclusions  as  ho  might  be  right.  He  would  not  oecupy  much  of  their  time,  but  there  was  one  point  to  which  be  would  allude,  as  it  had  been  referred  to  by  Mr.  Malin's  :  he  alluded  to  what  he  said  relative  to  the  general  management  of  railways.  He  (Mr.  M.)  would  wish  us  to  Interfere  in  the  minutest  details  of  railway  management.  Mr.  Melina  wished  it  to  be  understood  that  he  meant  the  shareholders  should  require  the  directors  to  do  so.  Air.  Wrigley  thought  it  would  be  out  of  the  power  of  the  shareholders  to  give  such  power.  There  were  certain  great  principles  which  an  association  might  confine  itself  to,  by  saying  that  they  may  do  this  or  that,  which  might  be  advantageous.  He  would  admit  the  truth  as  to  what  the  chairman  had  said  with  regard  to  the  branch  railways—it  was  to  that  that  he  attri attributed  buted attributed  the  whole  mismavagement.  As  for  constructing  these  branch  lines,  great  expenses  were  incurred,  which  expenses  were  taken  from  the  capital.  That  would  account  for  all.  He  did  hope  when  he  came  to  that  meeting  that  something  definite  would  have  been  proposed,  and  that  steps  would  be  Olen  to  remove  the  monster  evil,  and  that  something  specific  would  have  been  said  in  the  resolutions  will  regard  to  keeping  of  the  accounts,  and  for  separating  the  capital  from  the  revenue,  and  have  it  so  arranged  that  the  dividend  that  was  paid  should  be  paid  out  of  the  revenue  and  not  out  of  the  capital.  (near,  hear.)  He  believed  that  Mr.  Malins  relied  much  upon  the  auditing  of  the  accounts,  but,  for  his  part,  he  had  no  faith  in  that  mode,  for  railway  shareholders  were  not  adepts  in  accounts  that  no  auditor,  whatever  amount  of  ability  he  might  possess,  could  detect  them,  or  prevent  them  taking  the  money  and  using  it  if  they  had  it  in  their  hands.  In  the  month  of  February,  1855,  he  had  addressed  a  letter  to  the  Times  on  this  subject,  and  the  mode  he  suggested—  The  Chairman  thought  that  these  observations  and  sug suggestions  gestions suggestions  had  better  come  after  the  resolution  had  been  put.  They  were  not  at  all  applicable  at  that  stage  of  the  pro proceedings.  ceedings. proceedings.  Mr.  Wrigley  wished  to  know  what  end  the  association  had  in  view,  for  if  it  merely  depended  on  the  proper  auditing  of  accounts,  then  he  fJr  one  should  not  have  anything  to  do  with  it.  The  Chairman  said  he  would  read  the  resolution  it  was  proposed  should  be  adopted  by  that  meeting,  which  was  to  the  effect  that  that  meeting  fully  approve  of  the  formation  of  a  railway  reform  association,  and  pledges  itself  to  support  it  with  its  best  influence  and  power;  that  from  the  mismanagement  that  had  existed  it  had  become  the  duty  of  the  shareholders  to  in.  vestigate  and  disc'ver  the  evils,  and  remove  them.  He  said  he  would  move  that  that  resolution  be  adopted.  Mr.  Guest  seconded  the  resolution.  Mr.  G.  Maxwell  said  there  could  not  be  a  doubt  but  that  the  subject  they  had  met  to  discuss,  was  one  of  the  greatest  importance,  and  he  only  regretted  the  smallness  of  the  members  present,  which  was  to  be  attributed  to  its  not  being  generally  known  that  such  a  meeting  was  going  to  be  held,  and  he  was  very  sorry  that  more  pains  had  not  been  taken  to  make  it  known  ;  for,  had  such  been  the  case,  a  much  larger  number  of  gentlemen,  deeply  interested  in  the  subject,  would,  he  was  sure,  have  been  in  attendance.  He  should  he  afraid,  not  that  the  resolution  would  not  be  carried,  but  that  it  might  be  thought  that  the  meeting  was  not  sufficiently  influential  for  them  to  adopt  the  resolution,  without  having  more  information  on  the  objects,  and  it  would  have  a  much  better  effect.  He  would  suggest  that  a  committee  should  be  selected  from  that  meeting,  with  a  view  of  drawing  up  a  series  of  resolutions,  to  be  submitted  to  a  larger  meeting,  to  be  held  at  some  subsequent  period.  The  resolution  would  be  carried,  but  it  would  not  be  in  presence  of  such  a  meeting  as  the  subject  demanded.  He  condemned  the  whole  system  of  railway  management,  as  it  was  done  by  managers  and  lawyers,  who  took  all  the  power  from  the  shareholders.  If  they  had  a  mind  to  do  any  good,  they  must  shake  off  the  rest  of  the  evil.  In  his  time,  he  had  been  a  director,  and  had  seen  a  little.  The  mode  by  which  the  extensions  were  made,  was  scandalous.  He  con concluded  cluded concluded  by  suggestint  , STYLE=superscript  an  adjournment.  In  answer  to  a  shareholder,  Mr.  Malins  explained  that  the  reason  the  meeting  had  been  called  together  on  so  short  a  notice  was,  that  the  great  railways  were  about  holding  their  half-yearly  meetings,  and  they  were  desirous  of  having  the  feeling  of  the  share shareholders,  holders, shareholders,  in  order  to  place  it  before  the  directors.  In  making  the  observations  he  bad  done,  he  had  endeavoured  to  be  as  brief  as  possible,  and  as  he  had  so  recently  spoken  on  the  same  subject,  to  avoid  repeating  what  he  had  already  said.  Having  offered  some  few  words  in  explanation  of  the  origin  of  the  association,  he  'called  upon  shareholders  to  come  forward  and  give  the  association  their  best  support,  as  a  subject  of  deep  interest  to  them  all  was  involved  in  it.  The  Chairman  having  declared  the  first  resolution  carried,  proceeded  to  read  the  second,  to  the  effect  that  the  associ association  ation association  having  discovered  the  evils  in  the  present  railway  management,  pledge  themselves  to  endeavour  to  adopt  means  to  prevent  their  recurrence.  Mr.  Wrigley  hoped  that  the  committee  would  understand  that  it  was  their  imperative  duty  to  see  that  steps  were  taken  to  compel  the  division  of  revenue  and  capital.  The  Chairman  :  That  is  a  matter  of  detail  for  the  asso association  ciation association  to  take  into  consideration.  Mr.  Maxwell  thought  that  the  revenue  accounts  should  be  managed  by  a  distinct  class  of  men  ;  call  them  trustees,  or  by  any  other  name,  but  'et  them  he  alone  responsible.  Mr.  Healing  said  it  appeared  to  him  that  if  they  were  to  form  an  association  on  so  important  a  subject,  it  would  be  advisable  to  form  a  provisional  committee,  to  confer  with  the  council  in  London,  and  let  there  be  a  London  meeting  held  in  Manchester,  and  a  committee  appointed  there.  Let  them  all  act  together,  and  then  they  would  represent  all  the  principal  railways  in  England,  and  have  in  their  society  men  of  influence,  and  names  that  were  known  throughout  England.  That  would  be  the  way  to  get  refo  m.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Maxwell  would  like  to  know  the  real  footing  on  which  Mr.  Malins  appeared  in  Liverpool.  They  should  know  whether  he  came  there  to  solicit  the  support,  and  also  how  the  formation  of  the  association  would  apply  to  the  provinces  ?  Mr.  Malins  said,  that  the  committee  in  London  had  thought  it  exceedingly  desirable  that  the  association  should  be  thoroughly  organised  before  the  half  yearly  meetings  of  the  railways  commenced.  They  came  there  for  the  purposa  of  asking  for  advice  and  support,  knowing  that  it  was  only  with  union  that  they  could  have  strength.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  did  not  contemplate  carrying  it  out  in  London  alone,  but  what  they  wanted  was  to  have  the  best  men  from  all  parts  of  the  kingdom.  Mr.  Withers  agreed  with  the  remarks  made  by  Mr.  Healing,  and  proposed  the  following  gentlemen,  with  power  to  add  to  their  number  :  The  Chairman,  Mr.  G.  Maxwell,  Mr.  A.  M‘Grezor,  Mr.  Robert  Moon,  Mr.  Richard  Highfield,  and  Mr.  A.  Hislop,  as  the  provisional  committee  for  this  town.  Mr.  G.  Maxwelf  proposed  a  vote  of  thanks  to  Mr.  Malins,  who  briefly  returned  his  thanks,  when  a  similar  compli compliment  ment compliment  was  paid  to  the  chairman,  and  the  meeting  broke  up.  The  Committee  immediately  assembled  for  the  purpose  of  dt.vising  the  necessary  steps  for  carrying  out  the  objects  they  bad  in  convening  the  meeting."
