text
"TRADE  RtPORT.-MONDAY  ANNATTO  offers  at  lld  ex  quay.  ASHES  :  The  advices  by  the  America  are  much  the  same  as  belme,-and  prices  are  not  altered  here.  BicHuomE  still  retail  at  104  d,  5  per  cent  off.  BRIMSTONE  :  Only  10  tons  best  2  n  ds  so  ld  a  t  XS  fis  6d.  1  COTTON  :  The  market  continues  without  change;  the•  k  dernand  is  fair,  t'.  - STYLE=superscript  ,e  supply  quite  ample,  and  prices  same  as  last  week.  The  sales  are  estimated  at  5000  bales.  ESSENCE  OF  LEMON  :  5  cases  have  changed  hands  at  6s  9d.  •  FRUIT:  A  moderate  amount  of  business  done  at  the  sales,  at  fair  prices.  Gym  :  No  sales  transpired.  URI)  :  663  tierces,  338  barrels,  of  fine  American,  are  for  auction  on  Wednesday.  LITHARGE  sells  at  £26  for  Flake  LINSEED  OIL  with  a  better  d  sold  at  £42  25  tons  have  been  NITRATE  OF  SODA  :  17s  9d  to  18s  ask..(l.  OIL  OF  PEPPERMINT  :  .5  jars  sold  at  225,  in  bond.  OLIVE  OIL  :  Only  retail  saes,  at  previous  quotations.  PALM  OIL  is  quiet  at  £4B.  PIG  IRON  :  There  has  been  very  little  business  done  to today.  day. today.  Prices  nominally  closed  at  743  to  74s  6d  for  Warrants,  cash,  and  753  to  75s  6,1  for  three  months  open.  MIN  VITROL  :  2  tons  brought  36s  6d  for  the  best  ROsIN  :  100  birrels  of  common  American  have  been  sold  4s  9d.  uvalAc:  400  bags  Sicily  sold  at  llsGd  to  lls  91;  also  Gs  3d  to  Ss  9d-8s  6d  only  bid  for  , STYLE=superscript  re,  for  9s.  TURPENTINE  'lnds  at  36s  C  ,nd  67s  91  639  casks,  Lerican  THE  WOOL  TRAPI  D  March.  (  From  the  Circular  o  f  Messr  • STYLE=superscript  s.  Joseph  Robinson  &amp;  Co.)  In  taking  a  - STYLE=superscript  superficial  glance  at  the  wool  trade  of  the  year  just  terminated,  it  is  unnecessary  to  enter  on  any  lengthened  detail  to  produce  an  outline  of  what  haa  tran transpired  spired transpired  in  the  various  branches  of  this  article.  When  the  year  commenced,  the  demand  was  very  inanimate,  the  influences  of  political  affairs,  with  the  sacrifices  necessary  to  carry  on  the  war  with  energy,  caused  a  relaxation  of  confidence  and  a  considerable  degree  of  distrust.  Until  the  menth  of  March  no  improvement  was  observable.  At  this  period,  manufacturers  operated  to  some  extent,  and  evidently  entered  into  contracts  with  the  utmost  caution.  As  time  progressed,  purchases  were  made  on  a  more  extensive  scale,  the  value  advancedi•and  the  raised  rates,  freely  paid,  while  stocks  became  reduced.  Long  before  the  English  and  Irish  farmers  had  sheared  their  flocks,  strong  symptoms  were  manifest  that  there  would  be  no  want  of  buyers  for  home  grown  wools,  and  :,t  .  the  clip,  the  majority  of  growers  brought  their  fleeces  freely  into  the  market,  which  were  eagerly  bought  up  at  the  prices  asked,  so  that  the  bulk  of  the  wool  produced  in  this  country,  has  been  actually  consumed.  The  large  receipts  of  bullion  into  the  king.lom,  it  was  conjeotur.a,  would  - STYLE=superscript  have  kept  the  money  market  comoy,..e:..eiy  easy  ;  are  so  great.  that  a  the  requirements  for  war  DI)  large  proportion  hp-  been  - STYLE=superscript  taken  by  FranCe  2 STYLE=superscript  and  other  nas  had  an  unfavourable  effect  on  commerce,  and  stater  restricted  busine  a  generally.  From  the  month  of  April  to  August,  all  wools  were  remarkably  buoyan',  but.  in  the  month  of  September,  the  minimum  rate  o;  the  Bank  of  England  had  risen  to  five  per  cent.,  and  the  value  was  checked  in  its  upward  tendency.  In  the  tol tollowing  lowing tollowing  month,  the  Bank  rate  was  raised  to  six  per  cent.  ,for  short-dated  paper,  at  which  figure  it  has  remained.  This  serious  advance  in  the  rate  of  interest  caused  for  a  time  a  complete  stagnation,  and  had  it  not  been  for  the  exhausted  and  diminishing  stocks,  of  most  descriptions,  there  would  have,  no  doubt,  been  a  great  decline:  the  position  being  so  peculiar,  the  market  was  not  affected  so  disadvantageously  as  to  materially  reduce  prices.  Towards  the  close  of  November,  the  alarm  caused  by  the  stringency  of  the  bank  measures,  subsided,  and  the  fears  entertained  of  a  further  rise  in  the  rate  of  discount  diminished,  which,  with  limited  •supplies,  induced  con consumers  sumers consumers  and  staplers  to  purchase  moderately.  Throughout  the  year,  manufacturers  have  been  well  employed  in  nearly  all  the  departments  of  the  woollen  districts;  in  some  branches  business  has  not  been  so  flourishing,  never nevertheless  theless nevertheless  a  steady  consumption  has  gone  forward,  and  where  army  clothing  orders  have  been  distributed,  great  activity  is  apparent.  On  the  whole  the  wool  trade  is  sterling  in  its  requirements,  and  almost  free  from  specula speculative  tive speculative  demand,  which  is  the  best  evidence  of  its  soundness.  There  bas  been  received  into  this  port  during  the  year,  about  18,000  bales  of  Australian  wool,  nearly  the  whole  of  which  has  been  consigned  to  London.  How  long  the  merchant  may  consider  it  necessary  to  send  wool  from  this  port  to  London  for  sale,  is  a  question  the  future  must  solve  ;  but  it  certainly  cannot  be  a  wise  plan  to  entail  extra  expense  ont  the  importer  and  consumer,  by  sending  wool  from  -11  town  near  to  the  seat  of  consumption.  to  one  at  a  great  distance.  If  the  produce  were  sold  here,  it  would  save  the  importer  heavy  .  expense,  and  also  obtain  extreme  value  ;  for  no  person  will  travel  two  hun hundred  dred hundred  miles,  for  what  he  can'  procure  in  forty  or  seventy  miles.  For  Australian  and  Cape  wools,  there  has  been  an  active  demand,  and  but  for  the  scanty  parcels  left  here,  a  large  quantity  could  have  been  cleared  ;  what  has  been  so'd  is  at  a  considerable  advance  on  the  London  sales.  This  fact  is  fully  attested  by  lots  having  been  divided  between  this  town  and  Lon London.  don. London.  In  addition  to  this  statement,  the  warehousing  and  other  charges  are  muchbelow  the  metropolitan  rates.  The  want  of  an  Australian  hank  here  is  the  great  drawback  to  our  Australian  co:nwerce.  This  port  haaa  large  trade  with  the  antipodes,  and  sends  the  finest  vessels  in  the  world  there—why  not  establish  a  bank  ?  is  the  question  frequently  put.  .  - STYLE=superscript  A  bank  wo  u  ld  p  a  y  we  ll,  if  .  '  formed  by  the  dividends  of  those  in  the  ad  established  a  banks.  ous  hous  For  Oporto"
