text
"ITALY.  ROME,  Nov.  20.—The  Pope  recently  declared  to  a  member  of  the  diplomatic  corps  that  the  Holy  See  had  much  more  reason  to  fear  the  acts  of  its  false  friends  than  the  efforts  of  its  adversaries.  Corruption  has  struck  deep  root  among  the  govern government  ment government  officials.  The  disorder  in  the  finances  is  frightful.  Of  the  money  of  the  Rothschild  loan  alre  . STYLE=superscript  ady  paid  into  the  treasury,  there  remains  nothing,  and  even  the  smallest  sums  are  paid  in  paper.  If  it  had  not  been  for  the  energetic  oppo opposition  sition opposition  of  the  Pope,  the  project  would  perhaps  have  been  realised  of  increasing  to  an  enormous  amount  the  issuc„of  bank-notes,  and  to  give  them  a  forced  currency.  As  regards  the  foreign  governments,  they  will  gain  nothing  by  the  fall  of  Antonelli,  which  is  attributed  as  much  to  the  personal  dissatisfaction  of  the  pope  as  to  French  influence.  It  is  said  that  he  will  be  replaced  by  Cardinal  Santucci  or  Cardinal  Andrea,  which  is  not  probable.  The  former  of  these  prelates  is  the  only  cardinal  openly  devoted  to  Antonelli.  The  other,  on  the  contrary,  is  the  implacable  enemy  of  the  secretary  of  state,  fiery  and  impetuous,  i  and,  as  he  demonstrated  when  acting  as  nuncio  in  Switzerland,  little  given  to  conciliation.  The  minister  of  finances,  Monsignor  Galli,  w  it  is  said,  be  replaced  by  Monsignor  Ferrari,  an  ex  - STYLE=superscript  Jesuit,  a  member  of  the  commission  for  the  sinking  of  the  paper  currency.  THE  RELIGIOUS  DISSENSIONS  IN  GERMANY.  According  to  a  letter  from  Heidelberg,  of  the  23rd  November,  the  government  of  Baden  had  issued  an  order  that  no  more  priests  should  be  imprisoned,  but  that  the  refractory  ones,  who  had  read  the  encyclical  letter  of  the  Archbishop  of  Frieburg,  should  be  fined  the  sum  of  10  florins•  each.  The  mediation  of  the  papal  nuncio,  Viale  Prela,  has  been  requested.  Considerable  excite excitement  ment excitement  prevailed  through  the  Grand  Duchy,  as  the  number  of  the  clergy  arrested  is  very  considerable.  MONETARY.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  .  BANK  OF  ENGLAND  Some  further  applications  were  made  at  the  Bank  on  Wednesday,  for  the  discount  of  the  dissented  stocks  falling  due  in  January.  As  regards  the  3  per  cents  0f,1751,  and  the  New  South  Sea  Annuities,  the  Ist  of  December  is  the  last  day  on  which  applications  can  be  made  ;  their  transfer  books  then  finally  closing.  PARIS  BOURSE,  WEDNESDAY.  Three  per  cents  closed  74.10.  Four•and-a-half  per  cents,  99.9.  IRELAND  [FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT]  DUBLIN,  THURSDAY.  THE  DUBLIN  SAVINGS  BANK.—Yesterday  was  the  first  day  for  withdrawing  deposits,  after  the  issuing  of  the  notice  remonstrating  against  the  A  continued  demand  was  - STYLE=superscript  expected,  and  so  great  was  the  fear  of  this,  that  pallisading  was  erected  in  front  of  the  building  to  prevent  too  dangerous  a  crush.  The  managers  were,  however,  agreeably  disappointed,  as  the  alarm  seemed  greatly  allayed,  and  not  only  was  there  no  remarkable  run,  but  many  deposits  were  relodged.  The  commissioners  for  the  reduction  of  the  national  debt  had  given  instructions  to  the  Bank  of  Ireland  to  open  an  unlithited  credit  for  the  directors,  and  probably  this  circumstance  aided  as  much  as  a  sense  of  returning  prudence,  to  bring  about  this  desirable  consummation.  AN  Ex-M.P.,  AT  Lkw.—Mr.  Nicholas  V.  Maher,  who  represented  Tipperary  for  several  years,  has  latterly  got.  considerably  in  debt.  Amongst  other  parties  from  whom  he  borrowed  money  were  the  Messrs.  Woodrooffe,  of  Dublin,  well-known  dis discounters,  counters, discounters,  after  the  Irish  acceptation  of  that  term,  and  what  followed  is  thus  detailed  by  Mr.  Maher's  counsel,  in  an  action  .tried  between  the  parties  on  Wednesday  for  false  imprisonment.  Mr.  Maher  having  unfortunately  got  into  the  defendants'  debt  to  the  amount  of  251.  17s.  6d.  for  a  bill  of  ex exchange,  change, exchange,  an  action  was  brought  for  the  debt  and  costs,  and  judgment  obtained  for  371.  Os.  lid.  After  the  judgment  was  entered,  an  agreement  was  entered  into  between  Mr.  Maher  and  a  number  of  creditors,  and  amongst  them  were  the  defendants,  represented  by  their  attorney,  Mr.  William  F.  Rogers,  of  Peter-street.  .  On  the  18th  of  April,  1853,  a  letter  of  licence  was  signed  by  the  creditors,  by  which  they  agreed  to  give  the  plaintiff  license  for  two  months  ;  and  among  the  persons  who  signed  that  letter  was  Mr.  Rogers,  attorney  for  the  defendants.  Subsequently,  upon  the  30th  of  April,  Mr.  Maher  had  a  further  communication  with  Mr.  Rogers,  who  had  acted  on  behalf  of  the  Messrs.  Woodrooffe,  and  an  agreement  was  entered  into  between  the  plaintiff  and  Mr.  Rogers,  to  the  effect  that  Mr.  Maher  should  pay  in  hand  the  sum  of  151.  on  account  of  the  sum  of  37/.,  and  that  the  balance  should  be  paid  by  instalments  of  51.  every  three  months.  Notwithstanding  this  arrangement,  Mr.  Maher  was  arrested  two  days  after  by  a  pair  of  bailiffs  as  he  sat  with  his  lady  in  his  lodgings  in  the  evening.  For  this  arrest  the  action  was  brought,  and  the  jury  gave  1501.  damages  and  costs.  EXPORT  OF  POTATOES.—Owing  to  various  causes  combined,  the  exports  of  potatoes  hence  have  at-  tained  a  very,  remarkable  extent.  We  have  seen  already  that  in  certain  districts  the  people  inter interfered  fered interfered  with  the  purchasers  for  shipment,  to  stop  those  operations—a  step  equally  wise  and  economi economical  cal economical  ;  for  it  drove,  of  course,  all  those  who  had  potatoes  to  sell  to  other  quarters.  Along  the  channel  seaboard,  particularly  north  of  Dublin,  the  trade  continues  to  flourish.  On  Saturday  last,  for  instance,_in  Belfast,  0f.547  loads  of  potatoes  at  market,  not  less  . STYLE=superscript  than  300  were  taken  for  export.  The  quantity  being  five  times  the  amount  on  sale  at  the  same  time  last  year.  The  quality  is  ex excellent.  cellent. excellent.  The  export  has,  of  course,  raised  the  price,  which  is  now  30  to  40  per  cent.  over  what  rules  in  Belfast.  Speaking  on  this  phase  of  things,  the  Belfast  Mercury  Farmers  are  certainly  not  producing  pork  so  largely  as  in  former  years;  and  the  only  reason  of  this  not  being  so  is,  that  they  are  far  better  paid  for  their  potatoes,  by  selling  them  in  the  market  than  by  giving  them  to  pigs.  Then,  as  regards  the  pigs,  the  price  of  Indian  meal  is  too  high  to  give  it  to  them  as  a  substitute  for  the  potatoes  ;  and  the  natural  consequence  is,  they  are  not  reared  to  an  extent  to  equal  the  demand.  Evidence  of  this  may  be  seen  in  the  diminished  number  of  pigs  which  are  brought  into  our  market  ;  and  our  mer  chants'  stores  can  bear  corroborative  testimony  of  the  fact.  We  shall  only  add  that  these  circum  stances  are  in  the  regular  and  legitimate  course  of  trade,  and  that  if  the  - STYLE=superscript  farmers  benefit,  as  they  are  doing,  there  can  be  no  ground  of  feeling,  as  might  under  other  regulations  have  existed,  when  laws  were  in  operation  which  had  been  framed  for  the  express  purpose  of  creating  an  artificial  scarcity,  with  corresponding  IRISH  PRESBYTERIAN  CHURCH.—The  opening  of  the  general  assembly  of  the  Presbyterian  Church,  in  Ireland,  will  open  on  Monday  next,  when  Pro Professor  fessor Professor  Merle  D'Aubigne,  of  Geneva,  will  deliver  the  opening  address.  A  colleCtiOn  will  be  made  for  the  funds  for  erecting  the  new  college.  CLONMEL.—A  Mr.  Cristopher  Hamilton,  of  Castle  Jordan,  Edendersy,  has  addressed  the  electors  of  this  borough.  He  professes  to  be  a  tenant  leaguer,  but  nobody  knows  him  ;  and,  in  fact,  considerable  doubt  exists  as  to  whether  there  really  is  any  such  person.  You  may  therefore  infer  that  he  does  not  interfere  much  with  Mr  O'Connell's  progress.  A  short  time  ago  I  sent  you  the  minutes  of  a  quarrel  between  the  Hon.  Mr.  Preston  and  the  Balbriggan  magistrates,.  which  arose  from  some  observations  made  by  the  former  concerning  the  conduct  of  the  police,  who  entered  his  house  with without  out without  a  warrant.  In  reference  to  this  matter,  to-day's  Freeman  contains  a  letter  from  the  Lord  Chan Chancellor  cellor Chancellor  to  ivir.  Preston,  approving  of  the  course  adopted  by  him.  His  lordship  says,  that  it  is  under  the  consideration  of  the  attorney-general,  whether  the  constabulary  should  not  be  supplied  with  a  warrant  in  a  general  form,  and  states  that  Mr.  Preston  had  a  perfect  right  to  draw  attention  to  the  circumstance  in  his  magisterial  capacity.  THE  STREETS  OF  DUBLIN.—The  state  of  the  streets  in  Dublin  is  now  the  object  of  complaint  from  all  our  citizens.  The  accumulated  filth  and  mud  renders  a  passage  through  them  a  sure  means  of  becoming  covered  with  dirt.  The  corporation  appears  to  be  taking  it  very  easy.  Indeed  one  urniild'  hp  led  to  thia  they  had  rather  the  propensity  of  delighting  in  mire.  A  woman  named  Carolan,  was  yesterday  com committed  mitted committed  to  prison,  for  causing  the  death  of  her  ille illegitimate  gitimate illegitimate  child  by  exposure."
