text
"th  Nothing  can  be  more  clear  than  that  the  quashing  of  decree  of  acquital  by  the  so-called  pardon  was  an  act  of  16 STYLE=superscript  '  04 STYLE=superscript  8  injustice  to  my  sister  ;  and  on  this  ground  it  might  no STYLE=superscript  t„  Yet  be  too  late  for  a  British  minister,  desirous  of  securing  iu  k  e  cause  of  freedom,  to  demand  of  the  Tuscan  government  Publication  of  this  decree  of  acquittal,  which  might  yet  be  i'  a STYLE=superscript  de  to  form  the  foundation  and  charter  of  religious  freedom  Tuscany.—l  remain,  sir,  your  very  obedient  servant,  ARCHIBALD  CUNNINGHAME.  November  3,  Ir STYLE=superscript  k  TV.  JACKSON,  M.P.,  AND  THE  GREAT  CANADIAN  RAILWAY.  i,the  St.  John's  (New  Brunswick)  Courier  has  the  follow 'follow-g'  remarks  in  reference  to  the  Great  Canadian  Railway  v  t STYLE=superscript  oinoted  by  Messrs.  Jackson,  Brassey,  and  Co.:—  u`'  'The  Great  Company  Railroad—Scheme  abandaned— abandanedtTbr•  tTbr• abandanedtTbr•  Jackson's  despatch—the  Bubble  burst—the  first  sod— sodlast  last sodlast  sod.'  Such  is  the  text  on  which  the  Halifax  Acadian  Recorder  b  7,411  - STYLE=superscript  orning  Chronicle  dole  forth  a  tissue  of  abuse,  slander  '&#34;luisrepesentation,  well  calculated,  if  believed  and  acted  n,  as  it  no  doubt  will  be,  by  a  large  party  in  Nova  Scotia,  it  i  r  l'dden  the  difference  and  aggravate  the  party  spirit  which  ,!atly  distract  that  unhappy  country.  It  affords  a  melancholy  instance  of  how  far  men  can  be  4, STYLE=superscript  3ide  from  the  paths  of  truth  and  honesty,  to  find  editors  \t STYLE=superscript  le  one  said  to  be  a  member  of  the  Legislative  Council  the  ether  a  representative  of  the  county  of  Halifax,  in  jiZably—gravely  asserting  that  Messrs.  Jackson,  Brassey,  4  4  '  &amp;  Betts,  have  abandoned  the  European  and  North  k  ifi  erican  Railway,  and  that  not  another  sod  will  be  turned  ;  li  tt  ;  Pretending  to  have  official  information  that  Mr.  Jackson  „  given  as  his  reasons  for  such  a  proceeding,  that  the  traffic  or  u  c STYLE=superscript  'tsuffieient  to  make  the  road  pay,  that  the  government  ar  e  'Lajue  will  not  aid  the  road,  and  the  people  of  Maine  fa  t  Zu  poor  to  contribute  the  necessary  proportion  of  lko  o  - STYLE=superscript  '  r  •  The  very  is  men  who  wrote  this,  know,  or  ought  to  at  17'  that  the  road  through  Maine  now  being  surveyed  t  r  '  Jackson's  expense  ,  and  that  the  road  through  New  e  x  y,,tvick  is  in  course  of  construction,  and  so  much  already  t  h  A  v  e STYLE=superscript  i  tlued  as  would  make  it  cheaper  to  finish  it  than  stop  -I. STYLE=superscript  u.  Prom  the  way  these  people  handle  facts  we  are  eon-  Jy  er STYLE=superscript  sant  with,  we  have  no  hesitation  in  believing  that  Mr.  ackso  n  '  s  l  e  tt  er  gave  no  authority  whatever  for  their  state statements  ments statements  and  comments.  is  well  known  that  Mr.  Jackson  always  calculated  as  a  part  it  of  his  scheme,  that  Imperial  assistance  would  be  ob obtained  tained obtained  towards  the  Trunk  Railway  from  Halifax  to  Quebec.  It  was  hoped  that  such  assistance  would  be  given  to  that  portion  between  Miramichi  and  Trois  Pistoles,  which  can  never  be  built  by  private  interest  ;  and  it  now  appears  that  aid  can  only  be  got  for  the  whole  road  from  Halifax  s STYLE=superscript  eern‘,  ;  l,  as  one  scheme.  Mr.  Jackson  then,  it  would  eolit  rai  ,  - STYLE=superscript  ,,  41 STYLE=superscript  0at  thinking  of  abandoning  the  railways  he  has  insi  n  ,eu  for  ,  as  our  cantankerous  neighbours  malignantly  110  merely  ' STYLE=superscript  lays  before  them  a  proposition,  which  he  th  e  t  ilot  ha  s  good  reason  to  suppose  will  be  supported  by  (t  i  i STYLE=superscript  i  r  tish  Government.  opi  ti  edo  not  know  enough  of  the  plan  proposed  to  give  an  h  ay  °l3 STYLE=superscript  .  upon  it,  but  it  entirely  accords  with  the  view  we  .  0  ,  alway  s  held  that  a  railway  ought  never  to  be  thought  i  ra  ,,_,  (411 STYLE=superscript  Halifax  to  Quebec,  that  is  not  largely  aided  by  dial  Government.  The  MARCO  PoLo.—This  celebrated  Australian  w  i  t'Per  went  into  the  river  yesterday,  and  will  leave  the  reY  for  Melbourne  to-morrow.  o  t  Cabinet  Council  will  be  held  at  the  Foreign  ce,  at  two  o'clock  to-day.  I) STYLE=superscript  eßpatches  were  received  at  the  Colonial  Office  Nte  Lay  morning  from  the  governors  of  the  North  Amer Ameran  an Ameran  colonies.  k  lile  Abbe  Lammenais  is  said  to  be  dying  in  his  Priestet)  in  the  Rue  de  Valois,  in  Paris.  He  refuses  to  see  a STYLE=superscript  .  The  losses  caused  by  the  late  floods  in  Cork  are  t,„4 STYLE=superscript  ated  as  high  as  £60,000.  A  subscription  for  the  relief  the  sufferers  has  been  opened,  and  £BOO  have  already  be STYLE=superscript  en  raised.  I  ,,PE.A.TH  OF  BICKHAM  ESCOTT,  ESQ.,  LATE  M.P.  — STYLE=superscript  t  'u  o  la  gentlemen  died  on  the  4th  instant,  at  his  seat,  Hart-  Somersetshire.  He  was  formerly  member  for  vvitllchester,  and  was  a  steady  and  useful  member  of  the  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  g'  i  party.  s  asserted  that  the  recent  regulation  for  the  1  :T/cry  o  f  f  ree  goo  d  s  by  the  landing  officers  of  the  Customs  mr  ,  li STYLE=superscript  kely  to  be  rescinded,  and  that  the  merchants  will  again  be  t STYLE=superscript  6  eiled  to  have  their  goods  examined  by  tho  tidewaiters.  0/0.  THE  LATE  MR.  NAYLOR.—A  subscription  has  T  e STYLE=superscript  ll  set  on  foot  for  the  widow  and  family  of  the  late  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  ll STYLE=superscript  las  Naylor,  ot  this  town,  who  perished  in  the  floods  e  Waterford  and  Dunkitt  coach,  on  Monday,  the  31st  t.  a STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Naylor's  life  appears  to  have  been  sacrificed  in  More  efforts  to  extricate  a  lady  from  the  submerged  coach  r  .  ,  B STYLE=superscript  re  he  attempted  to  get  out  of  it  himself.  He  has  left  a  4 STYLE=superscript  ,01  v  and  nine  children  wholly  unprovided  for.  hi  OF  THE  DOWAGER  LADY  POWER.  i  r  f  This  died  in  the  77th  year  of  her  age,  at  K  ane,  on  ilesday  last.  Lady  Power  was  the  relict  of  the  late  Sir  1  1 STYLE=superscript  Power,  the  sister  of  the  late  Mr.  Gervase  Parker  Blip,  and  the  niece  of  the  patriot  Henry  Grattan  ;  and  ~`O  B  herself  formed  a  bright  particular  star'  in  the  g STYLE=superscript  ay  of  beauty  and  fashion  which  illuminated  local  07  8 STYLE=superscript  tY  at  the  memorable  period  of  the  Kilkenny  amateur  the STYLE=superscript  FIRE  AT  CHESTER.—On  Saturday,  th  e STYLE=superscript  City  of  Chester,  like  most  other  places,  was  celebrating  Gunpowder  Plot  anniversary.  About  eight  o'clock  l  it  tlie  evening,  a  little  boy  threw  up  a  lighted  squib,  which  .1'  8 STYLE=superscript  4  the  premises  of  Mr.  Maddox,  candle  manufacturer,  4  yr,.,  the  Crane,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Sluice  house.  h  f,t  B STYLE=superscript  e  time  after  the  place  was  discovered  to  be  on  fire,  and,  a  couple  of  engines  were  quickly  on  the  spot  , STYLE=superscript  and  Vi&#34;'  exertion  used,  the  flames  spread  with  terrific  rapidity,  r STYLE=superscript  a  the  inflammable  nature  of  the  stock  and  materials,  and  Th STYLE=superscript  e  three-quarters  of  an  hour,  the  place  was  burnt  out.  8 STYLE=superscript  exact  amount  of  damage  cannot  yet  be  estimated,  for  th STYLE=superscript  e  fat  a  n  d  grease  ,  as  it  melted,  ran  into  the  cellar,  and  t STYLE=superscript  o  •  4  14 STYLE=superscript  eof  it  will  bear  refining  again.  The  manufactory  was  tl  e STYLE=superscript  :‘..insured,  and  it  is  a  singular  fact,  in  connection  with  E  3 STYLE=superscript  -7  Matter,  that  the  proprietor  intended  insuring  it  on  a.llrday  morning  last,  but  from  some  cause  or  other,  was  eked,  unluckily  for  him,  to  put  off  doing  so,  till  this  I  P  STATU  E  TO  PRINCE  ALBERT  IN  HYDE  PARK,—  Iterday  afternoon,  a  meeting  of  those  favourable  to  the  4  e STYLE=superscript  tion  of  a  statue  to  Prince  Albert  to  commemorate  his  0;  418 STYLE=superscript  in  promoting  and  carrying  to  a  successful  issue  the  l  t  ,  e STYLE=superscript  at  Exhibition  in  Hyde  Park,  was  convened  by  the  Lord  li,,`l  Bl STYLE=superscript  *,  and  took  place  in  the  Egyptian  Hall,  Mansion  Sh  -1188 STYLE=superscript  .  Among  the  gentlemen  present  were—Captain  kePherd,  deputy  chairman  of  the  East  India  Company,  Mr.  f  o  ,,t  Russell,  C.E.,  Mr.  Tate,  architect,  the  Bishop  of  Ox Ox')  ') Ox')  Mr.  Bincock,  Mr.  D.  Nicoll,  Mr.  Sheriff  Wire.  &amp;c.,  44 STYLE=superscript  The  Lord  Mayor  presided.  and  having  opened  the  pro proria.ngs,  ria.ngs, proria.ngs,  the  following  resolutions  were  proposed  and  car carco,„'  co,„' carco,„'  1.  That  the  Great  Exhibition  of  1851,  which  Itii  g'Prised  the  products  of  the  industry  of  all  countries,  was  ,vent  of  the  greatest  importance  to  the  nations  of  the  s  t  i  ll STYLE=superscript  d)  by  enabling  them  to  observe  the  relative  influence  of  b,  e STYLE=superscript  llee,  art,  and  national  characteristics  upon  production,  turnishing  the  means  of  a  valuable  review  of  the  past,  pf  d STYLE=superscript  by  marking  a  new  starting  point  for  the  future  progress  Productive  industry,  and  g  i  v  i  ng  it  an  increased  stimulus.  ou  '•  That  a  monument  c  omm  e  mora  ti  ve  o  f  the  Exhibition  I,  l  ht  t  o  b  e  ra  i  se  d,  o  f  w  hi  ch  a  statue  ot  h  i  s  R  oya  l  Hi  g  h  ness  Albert  should  be  a  principal  feature,  to  mark  the  It  o  B STYLE=superscript  B.entertained  of  the  great  ability  and  zeal  which  his  Ri  Ilighness  displayed  in  carrying  out  that  object,  not notreliZtanding  reliZtanding notreliZtanding  the  numerous  difficulties  by  which  it  was  sur sure%  e% sure%  •  e STYLE=superscript  !  1 STYLE=superscript  A  central  committee  to  carry  out  the  object,  ipp  ine STYLE=superscript  c  ding  of  a  long  list  of  noblemen  and  gentlemen  were"
