text
"'ticable  to  open  the  doors  at  six  o'clock  both  nights  in  the  week,  let  them  do  so  on  one  ;  or  if  six  o'clock  is  found  too  early,  (which  I  trust  it  may  not),  then  say  half-past  six.  This  is  not  the  idea  of  one  person  only,  but  of  the  majority  of  those  whOse  privilege  of  member membership  ship membership  is-highly  prized.  Trusting  you  will  consider  the  importance  of  the  subject  as  a  sufficient  reason  for  the  insertion  of  this  letter,  I  remain,  your  obe obedient  dient obedient  servant,  No.  30.  Liverpool,  Dec.  9,  1853.  TEETOTALISA!.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sir,—l  perceive  from  the  perusal  of  your  paper  that  you  have  taken  up  the  subject  . STYLE=superscript  of  reformation  in  all  public  bodies.  There  is  one  body  which  I  hope  you  will  not  overlook,  viz  :  that  large  and  influential  body  of  men  who  call  themselves  tee teetotallers;  totallers; teetotallers;  'men  who  profess,  not  only  to  abstain  from  all  intoxicating  liquors,  but  by  their  example  and  influence  to  gain  converts  to  their  cause.  You  know,  sir,  among  all  great  bodies  of  men  there  will,  of  course,  be  leading  men.  Men  who  either  by  their  superior  talents  or  the  great  length  of  their  purses,  obtain  a  lead.  Now,  sir,  there  is  no  society  in  which  there  are  more  of  these  men  than  in  the  societies  of  teetotallers,  and  therefore  if  any  refor reformation  mation reformation  be  needed,  I  think  it  is  but  fair  to  begin  with  the  great  men  first.  Now,  sir,  it  is  my  belief  that  there  is  a  great  deal  of  inconsistency  amongst  these  men.  1,  as  a  poor  working  man,  may  be  deemed  impertinent  to  look  into  the  conduct  of  these  great  guns,  who  from  time  to  time  address  the  public  in  language  most  sublime,  taking  such  lofty  flights,  that  they  find  it  difficult  to  bring  down  their  eloquent  raphsody  to  a  level  with  the  plain  common  sense,  honest,  though  maybe  rough,  comprehension  of  a  less  educated  man.  I,  sir,  cannot  blame  them  for  thus  showing  off  their  powers  of  language  :  if  they  would  only  practice  half  of  what  they  profess,  we  might  listen  with  some  degree  01  eloquence  to  these  lofty  appeals.  But,  sir,  wheu  we  follow  Rama  of  theme  men  home,  and  watch  them  grinning  and  laughing  at  the  way  in  which  they  had  gulled  John  Bull,  and  then  see  them  go  to  their  little  cupboard,  and  take  out  their  glass  of  port,  why,  sir,  it  is  enough  to  disgust  a  man  with  the  cause  altogether,  were  it  not  that  the  cause  in  itself  is  a  good  one.  Now,  sir,  I  know  one  of  these  learned  gentlemen  who  very  frequently  spouts  at  the  Concert-hall  (particularly  if  there  happens  to  be  a  there),  and  tells  his  hearers  that  they  ought  to  avoid  all  appearances  of  Now,  :4r  this  said  gentleman,  by  his  spouting  and  .preach .preaching,  ing, .preaching,  makes  something  decent  out  of  the  teetotallers  at  their  grand  balls  and  fetes.  Now,  this  man  has  no  objection  to  spend  a  great  part  of  his  time  in  a  public  house—has  nobjection  t  (in  private)  to  tak  e  his  dinner  there,  nor  o  spend  the  money  which  he  has  abstracted  from  the  pockets  of  the  believers.  Now,  sir,  is  it  fair  that  the  money  which  we  working  men  have  earned  by  the  sweat  of  our  brow  —I  say,  is  it  fair  that  this  money  should  be  taken  and  given  to  men  who  cannot  be  honest,  if  hypos,  racy  is  dishonesty.  Now,  sir,  I  hope  you  will  flay  these  men  a  little,  and  take  the  shine  out  of  'eni.&#34;  If  you  do,  sir,  I  shall  remain,  yours  truly,  ANTI-HUMBUG.  Liverpool,  Dec,  oth,  1853.  IRISH  CHURCH  Missle.:vs.—There  was  a  meeting  of  this  society,  held  in  Glasgow,  on  Wednesday  night  last,  The  proceedings  was  conducted  principally  by  the  deputation  from  Ireland.  PRIZE  ESSAY.—The  premium  offered  for  _the  best  plan  for  reclaiming  Dartmoor  and  for  the  development  of  its  various  resources  has  been  awarded  to  Mr.  Henry  Tanner,  estate  agent  of  Exeter,  who  was  the  successful  competitor  ,for  the  Royal  Agricultural  Society's  £5O  prize  for  his  report  on  the  agriculture  of  Devonshire.  There  are  upwards  of  200,000  acres  of  waste  land  of  good  quality  lying  in  the  midst  of  the  fertile  county  of  Devon,  the  property  of  the  Prince  of  Wales,  which  is  now  almost  unproductive.  LOSSES  AT  SEA.—A  4estructive  casualty,  it  is  feared,  has  occurred  by  the  running  ashore  of  the  Sir  Edward  Hamil 'Hamilton,'  belonging  to  Mr.  T.  Ward,  of  Hull.  It  seems  that  this  vessel  was  on  a  return  voyage  from  Petersburg  to  Hull,  ath  s  x  l  a  o  r  g  e  l  .  h  u  d  ,„  a  valuable  v  c  9  a  v  r  fn  o  i  n  o  o.  f  st  Russian  during  p  a  r  o  d  d  e  u  n  c  s  e  e  .  About  fog,  she  went  ashore  on  the  rocks  near  lamooruu  g  h  house.  Immediately  after  striking  she  lost  her  rudder,  and  so  violent  was  the  force  with  which  she  had  grounded,  that  sho  speedily-  filled  with  wator.  Hor  position  was  very  critical,  and  the  crew  began  at  once  to  dismantle  her.  Intelligence  of  the  casualty  was  at  once  forwarded  to  Hull,  and  the  owners  dispatched  a  steam  tug  to  render  whatever  assistance  was  practicable.  On  Friday,  such  was  the  position  of  the  ship  that  the  deck-load  was  hove  overboard,  and  every  one  of  her  three  masts  cut  away.  Some  of  the  small  stores  and  a  trifling  part  of  the  cargo  were  landed.  During  the  week  further  attempts  have  been  made  to  secure  the  cargo,  but  we  believe  the  probabilities  of  saving  the  ship  are  very  small.—BasternCounties  Herald.  A  FIGHT  IN  THE  WYND.—A  lad  named  Russell  was  y  esterdayY  fined  in  three  guineas,  and  other  two  men  named  Cogan  and  Noble  in  half  a  guinea  each,  for  fighting  late  on  the  previous  evening  in  the  spirit  shop  of  Russell's  mother,  in  Old  Wynd.  Russell's  version  of  the  story  was,  that  on  coming  into  :the  shop  he  found  Cogan  making  too  free  with  his  mother,  and  he  took  him  by  the  neck  and  pitched  him  out:the  house.  That  a  short  time  afterwards  Co Cogan  gan Cogan  returned  with  a  reinforcement  of  up-the-country-people  (Connaught  men)  like  himself,  and  kicked  up  a  disturbance  about  the  shop,  assaulting  him  and  his  friend  Noble.  But  the  other  version  of  the  story,  and  the  one  the  magistrate  was  inclined  to  believe,  was  extracted  from  the  evidence  of  three  spectators,  one  of  whom,  a  young  lad  named  Burt,  appeared  in  court,  a  strange  combination  of  an  old  head  upon.  young  shoulders,  fiom  the  Crown  of  his  head  having  been  shaved,  and  a  large  patch  of  plaster  covering  his  or organ  gan organ  of  benevolence,  giving  him  the  appearance  of  a  bald baldpated  pated baldpated  youth.  He  averred  that  while  looking  at  the  fray  at  Russell's  door,  the  lad  Russell  came  out  armed  with  a  bar  of  iron,  his  companion  with  a  quart  bottle,  one  woman  with  a  porker,  and  another  with  a  pair  of  tongs,  which  they  flailed  about  them  most  lustily,  young  Russell  making  a  quart  bottle  of  ginger  pop  smash  over  Burt's  head  in  the  way  a  bottle  of  port  is  wont  to  be  broken  over  the  wooden  figure-head  of  a  ship  when  launched,  inflictinc  , STYLE=superscript  on  his  skull  a  serious  and  dangerous  wound.  It  appeared  to  have  been  a  somewhat  alarming  affray,  bottles  having  been  pitched  out  upon  the  beleagering  party,  and  the  domestic  weapons  of  war  flourished  in  regular  Donnybrook  fashion.  There  were  others  concerned  in  the  melee,  but  they  forfeited  pled pledges  ges pledges  by  not  appearing.—N.  B.  Mail.  THE  POTATO  IN  THE  NORTH.—The  Banffshire  Journal  has  been  at  some  trouble  to  ascertain,  from  authentie  sources,  if  there  is  really  any  foundation  for  rumours  that  had  got  currency  relative  to  the  state  of  the  potato  stock  in  the  north.  Circulars  were  addressed  chiefly  to  parochial  schoolmasters,  and  answers  have  been  received.  From  Aberdeenshire  the  accounts  are  favourable.  Disease  has  affected  the  stock  since  pitted,  but  in  no  single  case  does  the  loss  exceed  one-half  per  cent.  From  the  parishes  in  Banff Banffshire  shire Banffshire  there  is  reported  to  be  no  diseases,  and  in  fourteen  it  is  stated  that  dis.a.o  h  u  1  only  appeared  to  a  very  slight  extent  while  in  three  parishes  it  had  made  considerable  progress.  Thus  the  total  is  favourable.  In  Morayshire  reports  are  not  quite  so  favourable.  In  Nairnshire,  in  so  far  as  can  be  as ascertained,  certained, ascertained,  the  disease  has  made  little  progress.  From  Inver Inverness-shire  ness-shire Inverness-shire  and  Ross-shire  the  reports  are  unfavourable.  Those  grown  in  the  high  districts  of  the  country  are  com comparatively  paratively comparatively  free,  while  those  grown  in  the  low-lying  damp  soils  are  bad.  Caithness-shire  is  free  from  the  disease.  It  would  seem  that  the  shipment  of  potatoes  has  in  some  instances  had  a  most  prejudicial  effect  on  the  article,  induc inducing  ing inducing  a  very  rapid  decay.  and  several  cargoes  shipped  for  the  London  market  from  Inverness  have  been  found  on  arrival  to  be  utterly  useless.—  .N  B.  Mail.  PUSEYISM  IN  THE  CHURCH.  A  Mr.  Jellies  Bale  publishes  .  a  remonstrance,  addressed  to  the  Bishop  of  London,  on  the  or  rather  Puseyite  practices  followed  at  St.  Barnabas  Church,  St.  James's.  Incidentally  we  may  men mention.  tion. mention.  that  the  bishop  has  not  noticed  the  communication.  Mr.  Bale  says  :—I  attended  there  on  Sunday  morning  last  the  4th  of  December,  and  after  witnessing  the  miserable  spectacle  of  the  clergy  separating  themselves  from  the  laity  by  rood  screens  and  brass  gates,  and  the  absurd  practice  of  turning  their  backs  to  the  cong  regation  during  the  deli  eery  of  prayers,  the  genuflexions  before  the  cross,  and  the  mum mummery  mery mummery  by  a  verger  at  stated  periods  bearing  a  crook  sur surmounted  mounted surmounted  by  the  figure  of  I  was  enlightened  as  to  the  real  tendency  of  these  observances  in  the  sermon  then  delivered  (and  it  was  in  manuscript,  can  be  obtained  by  your  lordship),  in  which  the  preacher,  addressing  a  Protes Protestant  tant Protestant  congregation  (whose  primary  duty  as  such  is  to  up uphold  hold uphold  the  right  of  private  judgment),  warned  us  that  we  migh  read,  but  most  not  interpret,  the  Word  of  God,  told  us  that  we  were  to  believe  all  the  said,  warned  us  not  to  with  the  church,  because,  said  he,  what whatever  ever whatever  the  'church  says,  is  right.  These  are  but  samples  of  ,  a  wily,  insidious,  jesuitical  sermon,  utterly  at  variance  with  the  reformed  Protestant  church.  I  have  no  desire  to  make  this  unnecessarily  long,  but  I  cannot  forbear  remarking  that  the  commandments  and  Lord's  are  nowhere  to  be  seen  over  the  table  (not  the  altar),  that  a  table  is  an  appendage  which  you  will  admit  to  be  unlawful,  that  huge  candles  so  filled  the  eye,  that  the  simple  forms  of  our  church  were  altogether  lost,  its  external  appearance  was  that  of  a  mass-house,  and  from  my  heart  I  believe  the  hearts  of  the  curates  and  priests  internally  accorded  with  it.  The  congregation  could  not  understand  a  word  of  the  service,  it  was  uttered  by  choristers  (who,  as  inferior  clergy,  ordained  by  puseyite  priests,  are  permitted  to  enter  within  the  screen),  and  priests,  in  a  strange,  unknown  tongue  (very  artis artistic),  tic), artistic),  doubtless,  but  der  gating  from  the  Sinipliditand  purity  of  our  mother  tongue),  intoned  the  beautiful  ser service.  vice. service."
