text
"LIVERPOOL  CORN  EXCHANGE.--YESTERDAY  The  advance  of  prices  in  the  English  markets,  as  stated  in  our  last,  increased  up  to  the  close  of  the  week,  and  has  been  fully  responded  to  in  Ireland.  In  both  countries  farmers'  supplies  are  short  of  the  deliveries  usual  at  this  sea season,  son, season,  and  our,  own  Gazette  returns  of  the  weekly  averages  and  quantities,  for  10,weeks  since  2nd  October,  show  a  fall falling,off  ing,off falling,off  of  25,700  qrs  per  week,  as  compared  with  the  cur curresponding  responding curresponding  period  of  last  year  :  with  an  average  crop,  this  difference  would  indicate  that  growers  retained  in  their  hands  a  larger  quantity  than  customary  ;  but,  taking  into  account  the  miserable  deficiency  , STYLE=superscript  of  the  present  year,  these  returns  would  show  that  a  proportion  of  the  realised  WHEAT  harvest,  even  greater  ,than  usual,  has  already  found  its  way  to  market.  ,This  is  not  an  immate  r  i  a  l  cons  id  era  ti  on  ,  at  a  a  time  when  large  -proportion  of  the  diminished  supply  from  more  than  one  Euroiean  source  is  being  steadily  diverted  for  the  uses  of  our  near  continental'  neighbours,  ;  -who  also  con-,  tinue  strong  competitors  against  us  in  the  American  market,  the  united  demand  leaving  the  transatlantic  seaports,  at  the  commencement  of  winter,  very  barely  stocked  ;  for  our  im immediate  mediate immediate  requirements  there  is,  however,  a  considerable  quantity  on  the  way  from  the  United  States,  chiefly  for  this  port  and  London;  the  stock  afloat  'for  Liverpool  being  estimated  at  about  8,00,000  bushels  WHEAT,  and  100,000  barrels  FLoun;  this  accumulation,  to  arrive  within  a  limited  period,  is  expected  by  many  to  occasion  at  least  a  tewporary  pressure  and  reaction  of  prices,  however  the  market  may  afterwards  rule  ;  in  the  meantime  light  arrivals,  and  exten extensive  sive extensive  consumption,  are  producing  a  sensible  effect  upon  our  stocks,  and  upon  considerable  transactions  on  Saturday  and  yesterday,  sellers  have  easily  established  a  further  advance;  a  portion  of  the  business  has  been  speculative,  am  ongs  t  winch  operations  have  been  made  in  FLOUR  to  some  extent,  for  delivery  in  March,  the  buyer  being  at  liberty  to  cancel  contract,  on  forfeiting  the  deposit  of  2s  or  2s  6d  per  barrel,  a  description  of  contract  not  common  to,  our  trade,  and  rather  over-stepping  the  limits  of  ordinary  speculation.  The  weather  in  some  parts  of  the  country  in  the  course  of  last  week  'has  been  variable,  but  more  generally  frosty  and  severely  cold,  the  latter  having  been  uniformly  the  case  here  since  Tuesday  last.  The  prevalence  of  contrary  winds  continuing  to  keep  back  the  bulk  of  the  expected  large  arrivals  from  the  west westward,  ward, westward,  the  supplies  of  foreign  grain  into  this  port,  during  the  week  ending  yesterday,  are  consequently  very  moderate  in  amount,  those  of  FLOUR,  noted  below,  having  been  prin principally  cipally principally  reported  on  Friday  ;  the  receipts  within  the  same  period,  coastwise  and  from  Ireland,  consist  chiefly  of  a  tolerable  guantity  of  OATS  And  OATMEAL,  which  with.  the  exports  of  the  week  are  specified  beneath.  At  this  day's  market  we  had  a  good  attendance  of  town  and  country  dealers  ;  the  show  of  foreign  WHEAT  on  the  Stands  was  neither  choice  nor  extensive,  and  holders  being  firm  at  id  to  2d  per  bushel  over  Friday's  amendment,  there  was  a  manifest  reluctance  to  operate  freely,  and  we  can  note  only  a  moderately  fair  business  dune  at  this  enhancement.  Id  FLOUR  the  transactions  were  rather  limited,  at  an  improvement  of  little  more  than  6d  per  barrel  on  the  week.  In  BARLEY,  OATS,  and  BEANS  no  change  is  quotable.  OATMEAL  in  fair  request,  with  a  speculative  demand  ,for  old,  each  at  an  advance  of  9d  to  is  per  load.  INDIAN  CoRN  is  generally  held  for  is  per  lir  above  last  Tuesday's  rates,  and  some  parcels  of  sweet  and  sound  quality  have  been  taken  to  hold  over.  Prices  current  in  Liverpool  Tuesday,  Deeeml  1  per  Impel  ber  20,  18  8.  d  B.d.  90  9  9  9  11  10  2  al  Stagy  BRITISH.  WHEAT  ..4,9  7 STYLE=superscript  7016,Zng1i5h,  red,  old  Do.  IRISH  ............  Do..  .....  .  ......  wh.  do  RYE,.  IP  Quarter,  English....  BARLEY..I9  , STYLE=superscript  do.  English  T  E  9  , STYLE=superscript  6otb,Seo  chlrish,do  MALT.....  Qua'.  er,  Eug:ish,  pale,  do  .  .  do.  Irish,  do  OATS.  v  451,  English&amp;Seotch,ol,,  do.  Welsh,  d  0....  19.  do.  Irish,  mealing,  d  0...  tic)  do.  nferior,  do  .  FLOUR..  To  280th  do.  do  s,conds  Do  do.  sup,.rfioe  OATMEAL..  vload  of  140th,  Irish,  —new—  s.  d.  s.  d.  y  t.  y  iv  9  11  1u  6  1  rshiiki  lb  .  _  new  _  _  43  0  45  0  47  5  6  4  10  5  51  68  0  72  0  0  0.  0  0  43  4  6  .3  8  3  3g  4  0  35  3  8  •  do..  ..do.  .  do..  3  9  S  11  159  0  55  01  Canadian,  do..  FOREIGN.  WHEAT..  la  'lull),  Canadian,  mixed  and  red  _  Unfired  -;Ltes,  do.  do  Danzig  and  Konissberg,  do.  do  Frencn,ithenish,and  Belgian,  do  Odessa.  Polish,  do.  BYE..  60/b,  Baltic,  &amp;e  BARLEY_  `641,  Tut  k.  &amp;  Egypt.  OATS_  _lis  , STYLE=superscript  •4sitt  •  INDIAN  t  URN,  19  , STYLE=superscript  4801  b,  American  -  -  yellow  FLU  Utti,  - STYLE=superscript  4,13.4  i  sfithean,  dian,sweet  U.  S.  Western  Canal.  do.  Do.  Phila  ielphia&amp;  Baltimore  do.  Do.  Prime  V  g,  nia&amp;  fancy  Bi  and  Sack  2801  b.  ,French  line  &amp;superfine  ..new..  ..do.  -  high  m.  white  --  COM.  Danish  itusian  45  0  47  0  55  0  57  0"
