text
"MISREPRESENTATION  OF  THE  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SIR,—I  observe  in  the  Mail  of  to-day,  at  the  end  of  its  report  of  the  proceedings  at  the  Colle Collegiate  giate Collegiate  prize  delivery,  the  following  paragraph  We  have  also  to  allude  to  a  want  of  courtesy  and  fair fairness  ness fairness  on  the  part  of  a  Mr.  Jones,  who  holds  some  official  position  in  connection  With  the  institution  ;  and,  although  our  reporter  was  the  first  to.  apply  for  a  list  of  the  pri2es  distributed,  the  document  was  handed  over  to  the  representative  of  a  contem contemporary  porary contemporary  journal,  and  in  consequence  of  the  late  hour  af  which  it  reached  us  we  have  been  unable  to  submit  it  to  that  revision  which  would  have  been  desirable,  and  we  must  therefore  devolve  upon  Mr.  Jones  the  onus  of  any  mistakes  which  may  have  If  it  was  the  intention  of  the  writer  to  wound  my  feelings,  it  may  be  soak)  gratification  to  him  to  be  assured  that  he  has  accomplished  his  purpose.  There  are  few  persons,  however.  they  may  attempt  to  disguise  the  fact,  who  are  insensible  to  a  news newspaper  paper newspaper  attack,  and  lam  not  among  thenumber.  A  more  unprovoked  and  unfounded  One,  however,  than  the  present,  I  can  scarcely  imagine;  and  I  feel  certain  that  those  who  mayy  read  the  following  version  of  the  matter  which  the  reporters  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  and  of  the  Journal  have  been  so  kind  as  to  favor  me  with,  will  acquit  me  of  the  charges  of  discourtesy  and  unfairness.  17th  December,  1853.  SIR,—  Seeing  in  this  day's  Mail  a  note  appended  to  report  of  the  proceedings  which  took  place  at  the  distri distribution  bution distribution  of  prizes  at  the  Collegiate,  yesteta  ?  y,  charging  vou  with  a  want  of  courtesy  and  unfairness,'  I  feel  bound  to  say  that  a  charge  more  unfounded  and  unwarrantable  I  never  before  saw  made  through  the  columns  of  a  new  .paper;  and  I  feel  confident  it  cannot  have  been  made  by  any  of  the  re reporters  porters reporters  who  had  personal  communication  with  you  on  the  subject  of  the  report.  I  have  only  to  add  that  the  report  was  handed  to  the  gentleman  who  represented  the  Journali  with  my  sanction,  and  with  the  sanction  of  the  gentleman  who  represented  the  Mail.  It  seems,  therefore,  rather  strange  how  such  a  complaint  could  be  made.  I  re received  ceived received  proofs  from  the  Journal-office,  revised  and  correct corrected,  ed, corrected,  so  as  to  prevent  the  possibility  of  mistake,  as  early,  if  I  recollect  rightly,  as  half-past  six,  pm.  THE  REPORTER  OF  THE  DAILY  G.  Jones,  Esq.,  Secretary  Collegiate  Institution?'  _  IVeurnai.office,  Saturday,  DEAR  am  very  sorry  that  you  should  have  been  made  the  subject  of  so  unjust  an  attack  as  that  in  the  Mail,  to  which  you  have  called  my  attention.  Instead  of  being  uncuurteous  or  unfair  oa  the  occasion  referred  to  )  you  were  the  very  opposite,  and  scrupulously,  anxious  in  regard  to  the  list  of  ptites  that  we  should  make  a  mutual  arrangement  by  which  all  would  be  satisfied.  The  reporter  for  the  Mail,  as  you  are  aware,.  consented  to  our  getting  the  copy  first,  and  I  promised  to  urge  our  printers  to  have  proofs  of  it  ready  for  the  other  papers  as  soon  as  possible.  Corrections,  you  know,  caused  un•  expected  delay,  but  at  six  o'cl  oc  k,  I  left  proofs  with  my  own  hand  at  the  Mail  office;  and  at  the  office  of  the  new  daily  paper  —revised,  compact,  and  ready  tor  the  printer.  Last Lasthalf  half Lasthalf  year  the  Mail  got  the  copy  first,  and  it  was  with  difficulty  that  we  got  a  proof  in  fragments  at  ten  o'clock  at  night.  The  Mail  now  has  no  occasion  for  complaint;  and  it  appears  a  piece  of  petulance  on  their  part  to  make  remarks  which  a  moment's  inquiry  would  have  shown  them  were  unfounded.  They  did  not  apply  first  for  the  copy  ;  we  did.  —lt  would  be  wrong  if  I  closed  without  acknowledging  your  uniform  courtesy  and  kindness,  when  meetings  take  place  at  the  Collegiate,  to  the  representatives  of  the  press,  and  I  am  proud  to  have  the  opportunity  of  doing  so.—l  remain,  yours  faithfully,  •  S.  HARKER,  Reporter,  Journal.  J.  Gregory  Jones,  Esq.,  Secretary  Collegate  Institution.  .  I  have,  in  the  next  place,  to  notice  the  offensive  manner  in  which  the  writer  in  the  Mail  has  thought  fit  . STYLE=superscript  to  allude  to  me  in  making  his  charges,  viz  A  Mt.  Jones,  who  holds  some  official  position  in  connection  with  the  Possibly,  how however,  ever, however,  he  may  be  a  fresh  importation,  and  may  re require  quire require  some  information  relative  to  me.  I  trust,  therefore,  you  will  allow  me  to  submit  to  him  the  following  brief  autobiography.  For  many  years  previous  to  the  existence  of  the  Collegiate  Institution,  I  had  the  honour  of  being  connected  with  the  press.  I  could  point  out  many  leaders  even  in  the  Liverpool  Mail  itself,  which  were  contributed  by  me  ;  and  my  re reports  ports reports  of  public  meetings,  &amp;c.,  appeared  not  only  in  the  Liverpool  papers,  but  also  in  the  columns  of  the  various  London  daily  journals.  Indeed,  I  was  the  first  reporter  admitted  into  the  Liverpool  coun council  cil council  chamber.  I  well  recollect  the  address,  Mr.  Currie,  the  mayor,  delivered  to  me  individually  on  that  occasion,  upon  the  duties  of  my  office;  and,  I  can  say  with  pride  that  throughout  the  whole  of  my  career,  as  a  reporter,  I  never  forgot  what  was  due  to  myself,  or  to  the  feelings  of  others,  as  the  writer  in  the  Mail  has  -dune  in  the  present  in instance.  stance. instance.  Of  my  abilities,  as  a  reporter,  I  will  only  say  that  I  possess  most  flattering  testimonials  from  Sir  Robert  Kaue,  the  President  of  Queen's  College,  Cork,  and  from  the  late  Mr.  Egerton  Smith,  which,  I  need  scarcely  add,  I  prize  most  highly.  With  the  foundation  of  the  Collegiate,  Institu Institution,  tion, Institution,  also,  I  may  without  presumption  say,  that  I  was  closely  identified.  The  circulars  for  the  first  meeting  in  its  behalf,  which  bore  the  signatures,  of  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone  and  Mr.  Samuel  Holme,  were  written  by  me..  On  that  occasion  I  was  re requested  quested requested  to  act  as  secretary  and  to  draw  up  a  pro prospectus  spectus prospectus  embracing  my  views  of  the  constitution  and  various  arrangements  of  the  contemplated  In  stitution.  With  this  request  I  complied;  and  the  result  was,  the  prominent  features  of  the  Collegiate  Institution  as  they  exist  at  the  present  day.  But  for  the  strenuous  exertions  of  a  valued  friend  and  myself,  the  design  of  the  , STYLE=superscript  present  building  would  not,  lam  confident,  have  been  selected.  The  various  exhibitions,  and  the  Bazaar,  by  which  the  Institution  realized,  upwards  of  £4,000  ;  and  the  magnificent  organ  which  now  adorns  the  Lecture  Hall,  of  which  the  town  rn:ty  justly  be  proud,  were  chiefly  the  result  of  my  labours,  shared,  in  no  tri trifling  fling trifling  degree,  I  willingly  admit,  by  my  faithful  friend  the  late  Mr.  Muncaster  to  whose  unostenta-  •  tions  services  the  Collegiate  Institutioli  , STYLE=superscript  owes  so  much.  Under  my  management,  the  lectures  delivered  at  the.  Collegiate  Institution  attained.  a  degree  of  cele celebrity  brity celebrity  and  attractiveness  unequalled  in  this  country.  And  upon  the  occasion  when  the  directors,  with  a  compliment  to  my  services,  of  which  I  had  just  rea reason  son reason  to  feel  proud,  increased  my  salary,  the  Rev.  W.  J.  Conybeare,  the  late  principal,  said  of  me  I  feel  that  he  has  a  strong  claim  upon  the  institution  for  ample  remuneration,  for  the  efficient  and  (I  may  fairly  call  them)  invaluable  services  which  he  has  rendered.  Indeed,  I  can  hardly  imagine  any  in increase  crease increase  of  salary  to  be  more  than  he  has  Again,  with  respect  to  theliquidation  of  the  debt,  I  have  not  been  idle.  A  few  years  ago  I  commenced  a.  subscription  for  the  purpose,  and  in  the  course  of  three  months,  with  but  littlo  o,ooictanep,  nhtained  signatures  for  more  than  X  5,000,  of  conditional  and  unconditional  donations.  And  although  unforeseen  events,  to  which  it  is  at  present  unnecessary  to  al allude,  lude, allude,  prevented  the  accomplishment  of  the  object  at  that  period,  I  am  happy  to  say  that  no  ,  inconsider inconsider&amp;Wei  &amp;Wei inconsider&amp;Wei  portion  of  the  sums  then  conditionally  sub subscribed  scribed subscribed  have  been  available  in  the  recent  happy  discharge  of  the  entire  debt.  Now,  the  writer  in  the  Mail  may  If  your  services  have  been  .  such,  how  is  •it  that  they  have  never  been  publicly  alluded  to  on  the  platform  In  reply  to  this  question  I  say  that  my  services  have  been  repeatedly  recognised  and  appreciated  by  the.  Directors—that  this  is  the  full  reward.  I  ex expected  pected expected  for  them—and  that  as  long  as  the  Directors  shall  continue  to  honour  me  with  their  confidence,  so  long  will  I:conscientiously  endeavour  to  discharge  the  duties  of  niy.post.  I  must  now  apologise  for  occupying  so  much  of  your  valuable  space  ;  but  I  hope  that  what  I  have  said  will  satisfy  the  writer  in  the  Mail.  This  is  my  first  essay  at  autobiography,  and  unless  wantonly  assailed,  it  shall  be  my  last.—l  am,'  sir,  your  obe obedient  dient obedient  servant,  J  GREGORY  JONES.  Secretary  of  the  Colle  g  iate  Institution.  Shaw-street,  Dec.  17,  1853:  THE  ABERDEEN  ADMINISTRATION.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SlR—Lord  Palmerston  having  retired  froin  office  in  connection  with  the  present  Administration,  would  it  not  be  well  for.  such  towns:  as  Liverpool,  Manchester,  and  other  places,  to  testify  their  esti estimation  mation estimation  of  the  conduct  of  the  Aberdeen  cabinet,  in  the  present  threatening  aspect  of  affairs  ?  It  is  not  unlikely,  so  long  as  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen  is  Pre Premier,  mier, Premier,  that  Turkey  will  be  sacrificed  to  Russian  des despotism,  potism, despotism,  and  England  herself  suffer  lasting  disgrace,  if  not'ultimate  defeat,  owing  to  the  diSgraceful  i  ko  licy  of  the  present  administration.  We  are  not  only  an  hindrance  to  Turkey  at  the  present  time,  but  are  preventing  France  from  doing:  the,  Turks  service.  The  conduct  of  the  Emperor  of  the  French"
