text
"e  have  millions  of  men  at  pres  f  warfa:  in  every  imaginable  ver  and  anon,  for  aggres-  sion  and  defence,  bloodshed  must  be  their  motive,  and  other  nations  must  be  prepared  for  self-  preservation.  Our  object  in  the  present  con contest  test contest  has  been,  from  the  first,  to  secure  peace  on  a  just  and  enduring  basis.  The  Allied  Govern Governments  ments Governments  have  stated,  with  unusual  candour,  tha  t  the  war  was  not  undertaken  to  re-establish  down downtrodden  trodden downtrodden  nationalities,  or  to  extend  the  area  of  con constitutional  stitutional constitutional  freedom.  In  this  candour  the  strength  of  the  two  Cabinets  lies  for  the  moment,  and  it  is  only  Mr.  BRIGHT  and  his  followers  who  would  venture  to  say  there  has  been  any  duplicity  played  off  on  the  country  on  this  head.  With  regard  to  the  free  navigation  of  the  Danube,  Mr.  BRIGHT  was  particularly  luminous.  He  tells  us  that  the  navigation  of  that  river  is  free,  and  the  traffic  upon  it  has  increased  immensely  within  the  last  ten  years.  He  alludes  probably  to  the  enterprise  of  the  Danubian  Steam  Navigation  Company  established  ten  or  twelve  years yearsback.  back. yearsback.  He  does  not  mean  to  say  that  that  noble  stream  is  as  free  as  the  Thames,  the  Mersey,  or  the  Mississippi.  He  will  not  pretend  to  assert  that  ships  are  not  stopped  and  searched  by  Russian  on  the  Lower  Danube,  and  by  Austrian  police  on  the  frontiers  of  every  province  through  which  they  pass  from  Belgrade  to  Buda,  and  that  its  navigation  may  not  be  inter interdicted,  dicted, interdicted,  at  any  moment,  by  a  single  scratch  of  the  AIITOCRAT'S  or  FRANCIS  JOST.PH'S  pen.  We  enjoy  on  the  Danube  the  same  rights  as  pirates  do  on  the  Canton  river  in  the  absence  of  British  men-of men-ofwar.  war. men-ofwar.  We  may  trade,  if  we  can,  after  paying  Russian  exactions,  and  satisfying  Austrian  extor extortions,and  tions,and extortions,and  pocketing  in  turn  the  insulting  arrogance  of  one,  and  the  refined  tyranny  of  the  other.  Mr.  BRIGHT  has,  probably,  never  been  on  the  Danube,  and  only  speaks  from  hearsay,  and  what  he  has  gleaned  from  books  and  that  Newspaper  Press  which  he  was  pleased  to  say  could  not  writs  a  sentence  of  Manchester  men  are  apt  to  make  such  remarks,  but  they  are  the  last  in  the  world  who  ought  to  quarrel  with  those  who  make  them  intelligible  speakers,  and  something  like  rational  beings,  when  they  appear  in  t  ype,  We  can,  however,  afford  to  make  room  in  our  rubbish  bas basket  ket basket  for  Mr.  BRIGHT'S  opinion  on  this  subject,  as  well  as  a  variety  of  other  emanation  s  we  receive  from  equally  captious  reviewers.  Meanwhile,  the  Peace  Party  must  bear  in  mind  that  the  object  of  the  war  is  peace,  and  that  our  motive  in  continuing  it  embraces  all  those  disturb disturbing  ing disturbing  causes  which  must  be  removed  before  we  can  secure  the  return  of  tranquillity,  on  anything  like  an  enduring  foundation.  It  is  perfectly  childish  to  say  that  the  Four  might  have  been  obtained  from  Russia  at  the  Vienna  Conference.  It  was  because  Russia  refused  them  that  the  strug struggle  gle struggle  was  continued.  She  only  accepted  them  as  the  basis  of  negotiation,  just  as  the  Emperor  ALEXANDER  has  assented  to  the  Austrian  propositions,  to  gain  time,  or,  probably,  to  give  the  Peace  Party  of  this  country  an  opportunity  of  dividing  the  public  mind,  and  giving  a  fresh  impetus  to  that  bloodshed  which  they  are  so  anxious  to  arrest.  If  the  Peace-at-any-price  men  are  satisfied  with  the  Vienna  proposals,  it  is  not  unlikely  that  their  acceptance  by  ALEX.tNDER  will  not  only  prove  dynasty  have  thought  and  it  it  cotn-  s  not  likely  with  a  peace  by  We  small  atal:  to  his  throne,  but  will  lead  to  the  over-  ventional  necessity  ;  the  habits  of  military  life  as  throw  of  what  is  vulgarly  called  the  Romanoff  manly,  and  not  wholly  objectionable;  and,  with  The  true  Russian  and  rampant  these  glove-like  qualifications  of  what  they  con conwar  war conwar  party  are  all-powerful  at  St.  Petersburg.  sider  to  be  immutable  law,  the  world  is  deluged  The  serfs  are  ready  to  shake  off  their  with  evil-doing.  taskmasters,  and  the  Poles  only  require  The  inevitable  result  of  all  this,  however,  is  a  Russian  convulsion  to  regain  their  placed  conspicuously  before  us;  and,  since  independence.  Would  the  CZAR  encounter  all  those  classes  who  have  yet  the  power  of  these  dangers,  and  en  t  er  u  p  on  a  course,  with  any  carrying  forward  the  sacred  work  of  man's  social  sincerity,  which  would  involve  him  in  inextricable  regeneration  are  really  bestirring  themselves  with  difficulties  ?  Peace  orators  may  gull  the  public  extraordinary  zeal,  we  do  not  despair  of  with  assurances  that  Russia  would  have  accepted  seeing  immense  good  done  at  home  and  peace  last  April,  and  that  she  is  now  quite  ready  to  among  the  benighted  races  in  other  parts  of  grant  all  the  Western  Powers  can  ask  in  reason.  the  world.  Of  our  own  reformatory  establish-  But  with  peace  comes  the  CZAR'S  trial,  and  his  ments,  we  can  scarcely  venture  to  speak,  until  they  mpires  dismemberment.  His  people  have  suf-  have  been  brought  into  full  operation.  The  red  bitterly  by  their  rulers'  love  of  war,  and  they  project  is  a  good  one,  and  ought  to  be  encouraged,  11  naturally  look  for  some  solid  return,  to  make  if  it  should  only  save  a  few  among  the  thousands  , STYLE=superscript  d  their  losses.  Had  they  gained  all  Turkey  of  the  neglected.  But  we  have  yet  to  provide  something  rational,  to  draw  men  off  from  their  irrational  habit_s,  and  to  supply  those  vacuums  which,  though  harmless  in  themselves,  lead  to  The  schoolmaster,  and  the  religious  instructor,  have  an  herculean  task  before  them,  not  only  in  the  humbler  walks  of  life,  but  in  the  very  highest  circles,  Truth  is  all  we  can  rely  upon  in  the  work  we  have  commenced,  and  it  must  be  told  boldly  at  the  foot  of  thrones,  as  well  as  upon  the  hearth  of  the  poorest  of  our  citizens.  It  must  be  taught  at  home  as  well  as  in  the  wilds  of  India,  Africa  and  America;  and  until  men  entrusted  with  the  great  secrets  of  Christianity  Proclaim  them  aloud,  in  whatever  position  they  may  be  placed,  the  most  praiseworthy  efforts  of  a  few  benevolent  men  can  do  comparatively  little  to  stay  that  extraordinary  mortality,  which  can  only  be  ascribed  to  the  infliction  of  those  penalties  which  follow  the  disregard  of  the  warnings  we  have  received.  crime  LATES  INTELLIGENCE.  SECOND  EDITION.  ♦  TURKEY.  A  despatch  from  Constantinople,  dated  the  21st  instant,  announces  that  Baron  Prokesch  had  noti  fled  to  the  Porte  the  acceptation  by  Russia  of  the  Austrian  ultimatum."
