text
"and  although  th  those  small  cares  th  a  t  th  .d  by  which  t  ill  be  secure  composed,  the  people  hard  Saxon,  as  I  am,  with  this—that  I  had  the  honour  t  meeting  in  Cork  a  large  assembly,  without  distinction  o:  creed  or  party  (hear,  hear),  and  that  I  received  from  all  the  kindest  reception.  (Hear,  and  applause).  'We  have  seen  your  harbour,  which  we  consider  unrivalled  (hear),  and  although  I  have  not  given  you  fulsome  promises  that  there  shall  be  a  local  expenditure  of  the  public•  money,  yet  I  do  say  you  are  fairly  entitled  to  every  improvement  of  that  harbour  which  the  common  interest  of  the  people  of  thee  realms  shall  require,  and  though  I  can  by  no  means  0.;  -- STYLE=superscript  a  pledge  (hear),  yet  when  I  see  Sir  tinguished  Irishman,  the  Port  Admiral  of  Co  r  k,  an  d  Ad  m  i  ra  l  Corry,  a  distinguished  Irishman,  at  the  head  of  that  gallant  fleet  which  now  adorns  this  harbour—when  I  see  an  adopted  Irishman,  an  Osborne  of  Tipperary  (loud  cheers),  and  I  may  add,  when  I  have  a  relati  ve  o  f  m  y  own  ,  an  O'Brien  of  the  right  sort,  as  my  private  secretary,  I  do  think  that  you  have  no  reason  to  apprehend  that  justice  to  Ireland  will  not  form  part  of  the  policy  of  the  present  administration  (loud  cheers).  Sir  James  Graham,  having  then  retarned  thanks  for  the  kindness  with  which  the  toast  had  been  received,  resumed  his  seat  amid  loud  and  enthusiastic  cheerin  g  .  The  other  rs2_  speakers  Corry,  Mr.  Bernal  Osborne,  the  Earl  of  Bandon,  Mr.  E.  B.  Roche,  M.P.,  Lord  Bernard,  M.P.,  Mr  Fagan,  M.P.,  &amp;c.  &amp;c  iam  Carroll  THE  LORD  LIEUTENANT'S  VISIT  TO  LIMERICK  cellency  attended  the  opening  of  the  new  docks,  —His  Ex-  accompanied  by  the  men  ber  of  the  nobility  and  gent  grand  banquet  in  the  evening  GREAT  MUNSTER  FAIR.—  day.  The  show  was  large,  The  buyers  were  numerous  gentlemen  and  deal  not  only  bought  extensive  ri  of  ti  mporat  Ie  was  entertained  at  held,  yester-  nd  very  high  prices  obiaim  A  great  number  of  Engli  ittended  the  fair  on  both  days,  a;  but  imported  a  number  of  she  sold  at  the  fair,  with  the  intention  3ders  to  compete  successfully  in  t  enabling  the  Irish  bn  English  markets.  On  ported  by  one  English  'breeders:  BANQUET  AT  N  tamed  by  his  constituents,  on  I  Mr.  Gavan  Duffy  was  ent  and  declared  the  future  policy  of  the  Inds"
