text
"THE  NORTHERN  _DAILY  TIMES.  313irtb4,  Olarriaqts,  anti  Dtatijg.  BIRTH.  On  the  21st  instant,  at  Kilkenny,'  the  wife  of  the  Bishop  of  Ossory,  of  a  son.  MARRIAGES.  On  the  19th  instant,  at  St.  George's,  Hanover-square,  Alfred  Greer,  Esq.,  of  Dripsey  House,  in  the  county  of  Cork,  to  Peggy,  the  only  daughter  of  the  late  Major  John  Brown  Colthurst,  of  Dripsey  Castle  in  the  same  county.  On  the  22nd  instant,  at  St.  George's,  Hanover-square,  the  Marchese  Don  Odoardo  Frederic  Francois  Raffaele  Gadaleta,  to  Thomasina  on'y  daughter  of  the  late  Walter  Newton,  Esq.,  of  Dunleckny  House,  county  of  Carlow,  Ireland.  On  the  ',2nd  instant,  at  St.  Peter's  Church,  Dublin,  by  the  Rev,  Mr.  Nixon,  the  Hon.  Edward  Stopford,  to  Harriet,  eldest  daughter  of  the  late  Rev.  Edward  Nixon.  DEATHS.  On  the  23rd  instant,  at  her  residence,  Cazneau-street,  in  her  80th  year,  Ann,  relict  of  the  late  Thomas  Marton,  Esq.,  tanner,  of  this  town.  On  Sunday.  at  the  res:dence  of  her  husband.  Mary  Brown,  the  be beloved  loved beloved  wife  of  Mr.  Alfred  Brownless,  of  this  town.  On  the  4th  August,  on  board  the  ship  Chrysolite,  on  h's  homeward  voyage  from  China  to  this  port,  io  his  15th  year  Thomas.  eldest  son  of  Mr.  Oliver  Edwards,  of  the  Liverpool  Po,,t  Office,  and  Oiver-street,  Birk  enhead.  At  Argyll-street.  in  her  73rd  year,  the  Right  Hon.  the  Dowager  Lady  Arundell  reli  , STYLE=superscript  t  of  the  Right  Hon.  James  Everard  (Ninth)  Lord  Aruodell.  of  \Vardour  Castle,  Wilts.  On  the  16th  ult.,  at  St  George's,  Bermuda,  of  yellow  feve:,  Captain  George  Srott  Manson,  of  H.M.  56 STYLE=superscript  th  Regiment,  third  and  beloved  son  of  J.  0.  Hanson.  Esq.,  of  Dorset-square.  aged  30,  On  the  2lst  instant,  at  Cambridge,  Mrs.  Jane  Hayles,  in  the  90th  year  of  her  age."
