text
"331111)4,  Marriagt4,  antr  Otatbt  BIRTHS.  -  BIRTHS  EXTRAORDINARY.—The  borough  of  Campbelton,  it  would  appear.  is  in  no  danger  of  figuring  amongst  places  with  diminished  populations  when  the  next  census  is  taken.  All  the  births  announced  in  the  local  paper,  the  Campbelton  Journal,  of  Thursday  last,  were  twins.  Here  they  On  the  12th  curt.,  at  Campbelton,  the  wife  of  Mr.  John  Maesporran,  Shaker,  of  twin  daughte  rs  .  —At  th  e  Park  Farm,  near  Campbelton,  M  rs  ,  Aitirin,  of  twin  sons—  Here,  Mrs.  Fowler,  of  twin  daughters.—At  Stronvar-lodge,  Campbelton,  Mrs.  Young,  of  twin  Four  couplets—eight  blessed  but  only  two  toys  to  six  girls.  All  in  one  day,  too  1  Shade  of  Dr.  Illalthus—ls  it  not  pro-di-gi-ous  ?  Glasgow  Paper.  On  the  18th  instant,  in  Tralee,  the  lady  of  Maurice  J.  Collis,  Esq.,  solicitor,  of  twin  sons.  _  _  MARRIAGES.  On  the  25th  instant,  at  St.  Catharine's  Church,  by  the  Rev.  James  North,  Mr.  William  Langcake,  chief  officer  of  the  barque  of  this  port,  to  Miss  Ashurst,  only  daughter  of  the  late  Mr.  Richard  Ashurst,  of  her  Majesty's  Customs  of  this  port.  On  the  22nd  instant,  at  St.  Mary's,  Donnybrook;  by  the  Rev.  William  De  Burgh,  8.D.,  James,  eldest  son  of  J.  H.  Sumners,  Esq.,  of  Bishop  Stortford,  Hertfordshire.  to  Elizabeth  Jane,  only  daughter  of  Captain  J.  E.  Smyth,  of  New  York.  July  16th,  at  th.  , STYLE=superscript  Independant  Chapel,  Prahran,  near  Melbourne,  Australia,  Alfred  Stringer,  P  formerly  of  Hull,  to  Martha  Ann,  eldest  daughter  of  Mr.  John  Craven,  of  Prahran,  late  of  Birkenhead.  On  the  24th  instant,  aged  2  D STYLE=superscript  9  E STYLE=superscript  ,  T  A STYLE=superscript  E  H STYLE=superscript  m  S STYLE=superscript  as  . STYLE=superscript  ,  son  of  Thomas  Warrington,  Esq.,  of  Tranmere  Hall,  Cheshire.  On  the  20th  instant,  at  the  house  of  her  brother,  Sir  Robert  H.  Inglis,  Bart.  M.P.,  in  Bedford-square,  in  the  65th  year  of  her  age,  Miss  Inglis,  of  Milton  Bryant.  Bedfordshire,  the  youngest  and  last  surviving  daughter  of  the  late  Sir  Hugh  Inglis,  Bart.  On  the  21st,  in  Marlborough-street,  Dublin,  after  protracted  suffer sufferings,  ings, sufferings,  Mary,  second  daughter  of  the  late  Christopher  Hickson,  Esq.,  of  Tralee,  and  sister/of  the  late  John  Charles  Hickson,  Esq.,  formerly  of  Gardiner's-place,  Dublin,  and  latterly  of  Cheltenham.  On  the  25th  of  August,  at  Bangalore,  East  Indies,  Morgan  Charles  Chase,  Esq.,  Madras  Civil  Service,  to  Charlotte,  only  child  of  the  late  D.  White,  Esq.,  of  the  same  service.  October  17th,  at  the  Presentation  Convent,  Dingle,  County  Kcl73',  Sister  Ignatius  Panorma.  On  Monday,  the  24th  instant,  at  the  residence  of  her  brother,  in  Harcourt-street,  Dublin,  after  a  protracted  illness,  Martha  Louisa.  youngest  daughter  of  the  late  Robert  S.  Irvine,  Esq.,  sincerely  and  deservedly  regretted.  On  the  - STYLE=superscript  24tH  instant,  at  her  residence,  7G,  Rodney-street,  aged  6s,  Margaret,  Widow  of  George  Blake,  Esq.  On  the  19th  instant,  at  Eton,  in  his  10th  year,  Francis  Coke  Den Denman  man Denman  Hodgson,  eldest  son  of  the  late  Bev.  Francis  Hodgson,  Provost  of  Eton,  and  the  Hon.  Mrs.  Hodgson.  On  the  17th  instant,  on  board  the  Ripon,  at  sea,  Robert  Fitsgerald,  ry.  and  Commandant  of  At  Bath,  on  the  17th  instant,  after  a  protracted  illness,  SaMllti  t  C  h  a  e  p  s  ta  th  in  in  Punjab  the  Irregular2thßom  b  c  a  a  y  var  Nya,iivne  the  i  Infantry,  f  3  a  7  n  t  t  h  year  of  his  age.  Ludlow,  EN.,  fprzile,glY  Of  04 STYLE=superscript  DC  1 STYLE=superscript  441  AICCUCaI"
