text
"1  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE.  OFEN%AIR  MEETING  OF  WEAVERS.  (FRO➢I  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  i  PRESTON,  MONDAY  NIGHT.  A  large  ineetiag  of  the  factoiy  operatives  of  this  town  was  held  in  the  Orchard  this  morning,  under  the  presidency  of  Mr.  Bang,  of  Blackburn.  The  amount  brought  in  by  the  weavers'  delegates  yesterday  was  stated  to  be  about  £1950  rathen  less  than  last  week,  but  this  was  accounted  for  by  the  fact  that  in  several  districts  from  which  contributions  are  re received  ceived received  the  hands  are  wily  paid  once  a  fortnight;  their  money  will  c  me  in  next  Sunday.  The  weavers  were  again  allowed  4s.  a  cad.  After  a  few  words  from  the  Chairman,  Mr.  GEORGE  COWELL  said  he  should  rejoice  to  bring  this  unfort  nate  dispute  to  an  amicable  termination,  if  he  had  power  to  settle  it  with  the  advance  of  wages  paid  on  the  first  of  Ma  ch  last.  He  did  not  know  whether  the  people  were  tired  of  play  or  not  ;  but  he  was  perfectly  sensible  of  the  fact  that  suffering,  privation  '  and'  misery  must  be  felt  to  an  alarming  extent,  where  such  a  strike  as  this  existed  in  the  heart  4f  a  manufacturing  town.  It  was  for  the,  sake  of  the  little  *es  and  old  people  that  he  would,  if  he  had  it  in  his  power„l  close  this  unfortunate  dispute;  because  they  were  the  gratest  sufferers,  and  had  to  endure  the  largest  amount  of  privation.  After  giving  an  amount  of  this  week's  tour,  the  sinker  proceeded  to  criticise  an  article  which  ap appeared'  peared' appeared'  in  The  Times  of  Tuesday.  The  editor  of  The  Times  mentions  one  place  of  which  I  happen  to  know  something  ;  and  if  he  is  wrong  about  Royton,  perhaps  he  is  wrong  about  all  the  'rest.  At  Royton,  says  The  Times,  the  factory  hands  have  r4sumed  work  at  the  wages  paid  them  when  they  came  out.  This  is  a  deliberate  falsehood.  The  man  who  went  to  settle  the  dispute  at  Royton  always  sits  as  president  at  our  delegatb  meetings  in  the  Temperance  Hall  ;  and  I  have  it  on  his  authoritythat  the  affair  was  settled  with  an  advantage  to  the  'weavers  on  three  sorts  ,  out  of  four.  The  speaker  combated  the  arguments  made  use  of  by  the  editor  of  The  Tips,  and  concluded  by  stating  that  in  another  month  he  pledged  himself  to  give  'the  unemployed  operatives  six  shillings  a  week.  Let  them  go  on  orderly,  peaceably,  and  quietly,  and  they  might  depend  npon  it  the  victory  would  be  theirs.  And  by-and-by  British  artizans  would  not  only  sing  in  public-houses  and  jerry-shops,  never  shall  be  but  it  should  be  so  in  reality.  (Great  cheering.)  The  meeting  was  afterwards  addressed  by  Mr.  Brown,  Mr.  Walton,  and  Mr.  Grimshaw."
