text
"WHAT  MIGHT  BE  DONE.  If  the  British  men-of-war  would  sink  or  capture  the  Russian  fleet  and  bombard  Sebastopol,  and  land  a  Turkish  army  at  Odessa,  and  secure  the  line  of  communication  for  the  Turks,  that  would  be  an  assistance,  Sir.  But  the  passive  presence  of  your  fleet  before  Constantinople  is  only  an  em embarrassment  barrassment embarrassment  to  Turkey,  a  check  to  her  energies,  an  iinpediment  to  her  making  use  of  those  means  ofdefence  which  every  political  consideration  points  out  to  her  as  the  most  availing  and  the  most  es essential.  sential. essential.  It  is,  in  fact,  nothing  else  than  the  prac practical  tical practical  EiSsuranoo  that,  in  case  of  success,  Turkey  should  be  prevented  from  reaping  such  fruits  of  her  victories  as  would  finally  settle  the  great  Oriental  question,  open  for  more  than  a  century  ;  and  in  case  of  defeat,  to  make  her  die—not  like  a  hero,  by  a  glorious  death,  but  to  pi^e  away  in  consumption,  brought  on  her  by  slowly  but  cer certainly  tainly certainly  killing  diplomatic  THE  POLITICAL  POSITION.  No,  Sir,  no  imaginable  diplomatic  adjustment  can  settle  the  Oriental  question,  unless  it  does  raise  a  barrier  between  Turkey  and  her  ambitious  neighbours.  As  long  as  Austria  is  depending  upon  the  Czar  she  will  always  be  in  danger  of  the  independence  of  Turkey  in  the  interest  of  the  Czar.  On  the  contrary,  if  we  imagine  her—a  strange  imagination  indeed—independent  and  strong,  she  will  always  threaten  Turkey  in  her  own  interest.  Austria,  if  deemed  a  firs  t-ratePo  wer,reckons  it  to  be  her  inherited  policy  to  speculate  upon  the  partition  of  the  Turkish  empire  as  well  as  the  Cabinet  of  St.  Petersburgh.  The  Czar  is  pushed  by  the  wish  of  becoming  a  great  maritime  power,  while  Austria  is  pushed  in  the  same  direction  by  mightier  reasons  yet  than  those  of  an  inherited  ambition.  Be  it  that  she  loses  hold  of  Italy— Italywhich  which Italywhich  sooner  or  later  is  inevitable—be  it  that  Prussia  gains  an  ascendancy  over  her  in  Ger Germany--,-in  many--,-in Germany--,-in  any  possible  emergency,  she  looks  for  compensation  only  to  the  Turkish  empire.  Moreover,  after  all  that  occurred  in  1849,  Aus Austria  tria Austria  can  never  be  sure  of  her  dominion  over  Hungary  as  long  as  in  her  immediate  neighbour neighbourhood  hood neighbourhood  there  exists  a  power  which,  in  the  case  of  a  conflict—possibly  delayed,  yet  unavoidable—must  become  a  ready  support  to  Hungarian  nationality  in  all  the  future,  as  it  has  been  in  all  the  past,  against  Austria,  Upon  these  considerations,  I  may  now  with  confidence  claim  a  verdict  on  the  question.  What  is  the  policy  convenient  to  Great  Britain's  honour,  and  peremptorily  required  by  her  interests  ?  It  is,  Sir,  the  avoiding  of  half  reso resolutions,  lutions, resolutions,  and  of  half  measures  before  all.  Either  an  open  and  active  share  in  the  hostilities  against  Rus Russia  sia Russia  by  land  and  by  sea,  or  a  peremptory  demand  on  Austria  to  put  an  end  to  her.ambiguous  foul  play,  and  to  define  clearly  her  position  either  as  an  ally  of  Russia  or  of"
