text
"SUPPLEMENT  TO  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  THURSDAY,  DECEMBER  15,  1853.  SECOND  EDITION.  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.]  Northern  Daily  Times  01rwe,  Eight  O'clock,  a.m.  EASTERN  WAR.  Military  operations  on  the  Danube  are  at  a  stand-still.  The  Russian  hospitals  are  as  full  as  ever.  The  Russian  consul  in  Servia,  had  Announced  Prince  Alexander  of  Servia  as  a  secret  adherent  to  the  Porte.  On  the  23rd  of  November  the  elders  of  the  various  Servian  districts  held  a  meeting,  and  re resolved  solved resolved  to  watch  the  Prince's  movements.  They  went  the  length  of  discussing  the  propriety  of  re recalling  calling recalling  Prince  Milosch,  who,  from  his  exile  at  Bucharest,  has  lately  come  close  to  the  Servian  frontier  ST.  PETERSBURG,  2nd.—Rodzwitch,  late  secretary  to  Prince  Gortschakoff,  had  arrived  with  an  escort.  It  is  generally  believed  that  he  and  another  Pole,  accused  of  having  kept  up  a  correspondence  with  the  Turks,  have  been  shot.  The  Chronicle  states  that  news  had  been  received.  at  St.  Petersburg  that  30,000  Turks,  who  had  passed  the  Arpatchai,  near  Alexandrianople,  had  been  driven  back  after  a  sharp  engagement.  They  were  retreating  on  Nov.  14th.  It  is  also  said  that,  in  another  direction,  General  Brummer  charged  7,000  Turks  with  the  bayonet  and  completely  routed  them,  taking  a  cannon,  standards,  and  a  part  of  the  Turkish  train  and  ammunition.  ODESSA.—Advices  also  mention  that  the  Russians  defeated  the  Turks  at  Agur,  in  the  Caucasus.  The  above  accounts  being  Russian,  the  usual  allowances  must  be  made  for  exaggeration.  .The  Times  states  in  a  leading  article,  that  we  are  still  left  to  conjecture  what  was  the  precise  amount  and  character  of  the  Turkish  naval  force  destroyed  at  Sinope.  The  excitement  at  Constantinople  by  the  news  precludes  the  idea  that  it  was  a  mere  convoy  of  transports,  or  the  hulks  in  the  port;  and  it  is  de described  scribed described  by  the  Turks  as  a  .flotilla  yet  it  does  not  appear  that  more  than  two  or  three  Turkish  frigates  were  on  that  station  at  the  time.  It  is  re  markable,  too,  that  with  the  exception  of  Osman  Pacha  in  his  own  ship,  which  foundered  on  the  passage  to  Sebastopol,  no  mention  is  made  of  any  capturei.  All  the  other  vessels  are  stated  to  have  been  destroyed,  and  it  is  added  that  the  carnage  was  If  it  should  turn,.  out  that  six  ship  s  ,  of  the  line  directed  their  fire  on  transports  crowded  with'  troops,  and  wholly  incapable  of  defence,  and  thus  slaughtered  those  unfortunate  wretches,  whom  it  would  have  been  easy  to  take  prisoners  of  war,  the  Russians  would  stand  convicted  of  an  act  of"
