text
"•  We  are  very  glad  to  learn  that  Lord  Adolphus  Fitz Fitzclarence  clarence Fitzclarence  continues  to  progress  favourably.  In  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  noble  and  gallant  lord's  serious  illness,  the  band  of  the  Guards  doing  duty  at  the  Palace,  have  for  a  time  discontinued  the  usual  musical  performances.  THE  TRAGEDY  IN  THE  AIINORIES.—At  the  Central  Criminal  court  yesterday,  the  grand  jury  returned  a  true  bill  against  Thomas  William  John  Corrigan,  for  the  murder  of  his  wife,  Louisa  Corgi  igan,  the  day  after  Christ Christmas  mas Christmas  Day,  in  Church-street,  Minories.  It  is  understood  that  the  trial  of  the  prisoner  will  be  postponed  until  next  session.  HE  PEACE  NEGOCIATIONS.—The  Dresden  Journal  of  the  7th  instant,  states  that  the  telegraphic  accounts  received  there  from  St.  Petersburgh  represent  the  state  of  negotiations  as  not  altogether  unfavourable,  there  being  no  reason  to  fear  that  Russia  will  peremptorily  refuse  to  take  the  new  peace  proposals.  Oa  the  other  hand,  accounts  received  at  Berlin  from  St.  Petersburg,  of  the  .  same  date,  are  announced  to  us  less  and  less  favourable  to  The  preparations  for  defence  are  prosecuted  with  an  energy  and  expense  almost  incredible.  The  appointment  of  Prince  Menschikoff  to  the  command  at  Cronstadt  is  merely  an  indication  of  the  predominance  of  the  old  exclusive  Russian  party.  He  will  be  under  the  surveillance  of  Admirals  Panuitine  and  No  wosilsky,  with  the  assistance  of  the  best  officers  lately  at  Sebastopol.  THE  EAST.—Advices  dated  Marseilles,  January  7,  three  p.m.,  announce  the  arrival  of  the  Euphrate,  with  advices  from  Constantinople  of,the  31st,  and  from  the  Crimea  of  the  29th  December.  She  brought  125  passengers.  A  letter  from  Constantinople,  under  date  of  December  31,  says  :—Letters  from  General  Williams,  of  the  Ist  of  Decem December,  ber, December,  announce  his  arrival  at  Gumri,  in  good  health.  Omar  Pacha  had  re-entered  Batoum,  and  the  question  of  replacing  him  was  discussed  at  Constantinople,  but  that  measure  was  deemed  impossible.  In  a  council  held  on  the  26th  the  Divan  decided  that  a  new  and  numerous  army  should  be  sent  into  Asia  in  the  spring.  At  the  departure  of  the  courier,  70  Turkish  vessels  were  lying  at  Constantinople,  laden  with  munitions  of  war,  ready  for  transport  to  Soukoum-Kaleh.  The  latest  accounts  from  Constantinople  state  that  the  Austrian  Internuncio,  M.  Prokesch  Osten,  has  evidently  received  orders  to  be  on  the  best  terms  with  the  French  Embassy.  It  is  believed  here,  that  Austria  would  be  much  pleased  to  see  the  influence  of  England  decreasing  at  Con Constantinople.  stantinople. Constantinople.  A  disease  among  horned  cattle,  imported  into  this  country  from  Poland,  is  working  such  ravages  that  it  is  very  possible  communication  with  the  Russian  frontier  will  be  placed  under  severe  restrictions.  THE  COUNCIL  OF  WAR  IN  PARlS.—General  La  Mar Marmora  mora Marmora  will  arrive  in  Paris  this  day,  and  take  up  his  resi  •  dente  at  Meurice's  Hotel.  The  General  will  proceed  to  England  probably  after  the  Council  of  War  has  taken  place  in  Paris,  at  which  the  Emperor  Napoleon  and  General  Canrobert  will  assist.  The  precise  day  of  meet  ing  is  not  yet  fixed,  but  it  is  believed  it  will  be  some  time  between  the  11th  and  15th  of  this  month.  The  Globe  of  last  night  writing  on  this  subject  says  The  object  of  this  Council  is  not  to  settle  a  plan  for  the  new  campaign,  but  to  advise  the  Allied  Governments  upon  the  subject.  It  will  comprise  officers  who  have  held  important  commands  both  in  the  Baltic  and  the  Black  Sea  during  the  present  war.  Aided  by  their  experience  of  the  past,  they  will  give  their  opinions  after  due  discussion  and  deliberation  upon  the  question,  as  to  the  manner  in  which  the  war  may  be  conducted  this  year  with  the  greatest  advantage  to  ourselves,  and  loss  to  the  enemy.  When  the  sittings  of  the  Council  shall  have  been  concluded,  its  reports  and  observations  will  be  laid  before  the  two  governments,  who  will,  of  course,  give  proper  weight  to  recommendations  proceed proceeding  ing proceeding  from  such  a  source,  in  finally  determining  the  course  to  be  pursued.  The  council  will  thus,  as  far  as  possible,  bring  the  collective  wisdom  of  the  commanders  of  France  and  England  to  bear  upon  our  future  operations,  and  we  look  hopefully  to  the  influence  which  it  is  likely  to  exer exercise  cise exercise  upon  the  events  of  ARREST  OF  A  FORGER.—Yesterday  a  man  named  Brian  McManman,  who  was  engaged  as  a  scripture  reader  at  Ballyeroy,  Achill,  County  Mayo,  was  arrested  in  this  town,  on  a  charge  of  having  forged  the  name  of  the  Rev.  John  N.  Constable,  of  the  above  named  place,  to  a  cheque  for  £33,  which  it  appears  he  got  cashed  by  a  shopkeeper  at  Westport,  Mayo.  The  prisoner  was  transmitted  to  Ireland  last  night.  It  appears  that  in  this  case.  ill  got  was  ill  for  the  delinquent  lost  all  the  money  in  a  disreputable  house  in  this  town.  LIST  of  PASSENGERS  PER  BALTIC.—Mr.  E.  S.  Munro,  bearer  of  despatches  ;  Mr.  and  Mrs.  J.  F.  Halsted.  Mr.  and  Mrs.  C.  Heath,  Miss  Jessie  Hammond,  Mr.  Le  Grand  Smith,  Dr.  White,  Messrs.  A.  Crawford,  W.  0.  Lamson,  H.  Young,  J.  L.  Fitch,  G.  F.  Wright,  H.  B.  Robson,  A.  Berger,  Greenberry,  J.  De  Hay  Hill,  Jos.  Roberts,  R.  Linsley,  W.  Gillespie,  A.  Gillespie,  C.  W.  Field,  Gisborne,  H.  J.  Trowbridge,  0.  Von  Hoffman,  J.  H.  Denring,  Myers,  J.  Tinckler,  Dr.  Perry,  Messrs.  Bengal,  Picrey,  F.  Binze Binzeman,  man, Binzeman,  A.  Cameron,  H.  A.  Fanshawe,  A.  Michael,  G.  Eschen.  Luker,  A.  Frazier,  Jas.  Webster,  H.  Tucker,  Dr.  Tucker,  Messrs.  A.  Ronald',  A.  Santine,  A.  Arcolin,  P.  Basaznio,  J.  Ciaspale,  J.  W.  Benson,  Jas.  Murphy,  H.  Hank,  P.  Barber,  Chas.  Weller,  W.  Newberger,  Jas.  Johnson,  W.  Lord,  11.  Van  Seeman,  Capt.  Boyle,  Messrs.  F.  Yes,  R.  Donaldson,  L.  B.  Gunn,  Wild,  and  Davis.  Tim  REV.  DR.  ScortEsey.—We  understand  that  Messrs.  Gibbs,  Bright,  and  Co.  have  just  received  from  the  Rev.  Dr.  Scoresby  the  following  flattering  opinion  of  the  steam  clipper  Royal  Charter,  in  which  vessel  that  eminent  scienti scientific  fic scientific  gentleman  will  sail  on  the  17th  instant.,  for  the  purpose  of  ascertaining  the  deviation  of  the  compass  in  iron  ships.  Dr.  Scoresby,  who  has  give❑  leave  that  his  letter  be  made  public,  says  :  my  anxieties,  as  to  preliminary  deter determination  mination determination  of  the  magnetic  condition,  or  compass  deviations  of  the  Royal  Charter  being  now  removed,  I  beg  to  congra congratulate  tulate congratulate  you  and  the  Liverpool  and  Australian  Navigation  Company  on  this  important  attainment,  of  which,  with  the  blessing  of  Providence  on  our  voyage,  I  do  humbly  trust  that  many  others  may  derive  practical  guidance  and  benefit.  It  is  now  a  great  satisfaction  to  be  able  to  say  that  all  the  appliances  for  safe  compass  guidance  that  mo  lern  science  has  pointed  out,  and  all,  therefore,  that  I  could  desire  personally,  has,  I  believe,  been  adopted,  and  adopted  in  their  best  forms,  on  board  of  the  Royal  ST.  MART'S  SetrooL,  KIRKDALE.—Last  evening  a  very  large  number  of  the  inhabitants  of  Kirkdale  assembled  in  the  school-room,  for  the  purpose  of  hearing  a  lecture,  to  be  delievered  b  y  M  r  .  W.  R  us  ht  on  .  Th  e  l  ecture  was  addressed  to  the  members  of  the  Working  Men's  Reading-room  and  Night  School.  Mr.  W.  Brown,  M.P.,  presided.  The  room  was  most  tastefully  decorated  with  flags  and  banners,  on  most  of  which  were  inscribed  the  names  of  some  of  the  recent  victories  in  the  Crimea.  The  Chairman,  on  entering  the  room,  was  warmly  greeted.  He  said  their  excellent  clergyman  (11r.  Lister)  had  done  him  the  honour  of  asking  him  to  preside  on  that  occasion,  and  he  had  much  pleasure  in  accepting  the  invitation,  because  he  believed  it  to  be  the  duty  of  all  ,to  do  their  utmost  to  promote  the  social  and  moral  condition  of  each  other.  The  recent  deplorable  scene  which  had  taken  place  in  the  township,  would  tell  them  how  much  need  there  was  for  educating  the  great  masses  of  the  people.  He  had  recently  seen  the  chaplain's  book,  and  be  found  that  there  were  many  in  the  prison  who  were  not  aware  of  an  after  life  and  many  of  the  children  did  not  know  the  name  of  their  Maker!  He  hoped  each  would  use  every  possible  means  of  obtaining  knowledge,  because  knowledge  did  not  only  ascend,  but  it  descended,  and  all  ought  to  have  as  much  as  possible.  Unfortunately,  the  country  was  then  engaged  in  a  war  with  Russia—all  wars  were  more  or  less  demora demoralising,  lising, demoralising,  therefore  it  behoved  them  to  do  their  utmost  to  rise  in  the  social  scale,  so  as  to  prevent  as  much  as  possible,  the  demoralising  effects  of  war.  Mr.  Brown  concluded  by  introducing  the  lecturer.  Mr.  Rushton  then  came  forward,  and  delivered  an  interesting  lecture,  chiefly  to  the  working  classes,  which  was  very  attentively  listened  to.  A  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman  and  to  the  lecturer,  concluded  th  e  business  of  the  evening.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  TUESDAY  EVENING,  The  tone  of  the  Cotton  Market  has  again  been  heavy,  and  the  amount  of  bu  s  sinoss  done  has  been  very  small,  the  sales  amounting  only  to  5,000  bales,  of  which  1,500  have  been  taken  for  speculation  and  export.  Prices  have  been  irregular.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  has  been  dull  and  inactive,  and  in  the  same  languid  state  as  yesterday,  pending  the  absence  of  news  of  a  definite  and  reliable  character  from  St.  Petersburg.  The  closing  prices  were  :—Aberdeen,  11  Hi.  Chester  and  Birkenhead,  13134.  Caledonian,  261  27.  Ches  ter  and  Holyhead,  111111.  Eastern  Counties,  81  81.  East  Lancashire,  171  17i.  Great  Nor Northern,  thern, Northern,  22  224,.  Ditto  A,  91  01.  Great  Western,  511  52.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  76k  761.  Liverpool,  Crosby,  and  Southport,  138  14.  Lon Lon,  , Lon,  don  and  North  Western  Stock,  031  93k.  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  231  231.  Ditto  Prefer Preference,  ence, Preference,  131.13  i.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  7-16  if).  Midland  Stock,  630  63k.  North  British,  74  71  North  Staffordshire,  81  81d.  South  Eastern,  16  15-16  17.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  164  168•  York  and  North  Midland,  221  221.  Dutch  Rhenish,  d.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  241-  24  .  -1  Ditto  New  Shares,  2k  21p.  Great  Luxembourg,  101  10d.  In  the  Manchester  Goods  Market  there  has  been  a  very  quiet  feeling  to-day,  and  but  a  small  amount  of  business  has  been  done  in  both  goods  and  yarns,  but  prices  have  not  shown  any  impor important  tant important  change.  The  steamer  Baltic  has  arrived  from  New  York  with  dates  to  the  26th  ult.,  and  has  brought  360,000  dollars  in  specie,  but  chiefly  on  Continental  account.  The:Baltic  did  not  leave  New  York  until  a  day  beyond  her  usual  time,  and  hence  her  deten detention.  tion. detention.  It  may  be  mentioned  as  a  singular  coincidence  that  last  year  the  Pacific  at  the  same  time,  was  de delayed  layed delayed  one  day,  and  arrived  here  this  day  12  months.  The  Commercial  accounts  now  to  hand  may  be  regarded  generally  as  of  a  satisfactory  charac character.  ter. character.  The  tenor  of  the  news  received  from  Europe  having  been  of  a  more  favourable  character  than  was  generally  anticipated,  had  imparted  greater  buoyancy  to  the  Stock  market,  and  money,  although  not  abundant,  was  readily  obtainable,  on  good  security,  at  moderate  rates  of  interest.  The  market  for  Foreign  Exchanges  had  ruled  rather  lower,  and  Bank  Bills  on  London  had  been  sold  as  low  as  1081,  and  the  best  signatures  at  108.  t.  The  quotations  for  Commercial  Bills  were  108  to  1084.  The  last  return  of  the  New  York  City  Banks  was  considered  favourable,  notwithstanding  the  in increase  crease increase  in  the  stock  of  specie  was  less  than  had  been  calculated  upon.  The  figures  are  as  follow  :  Loans  and  Die.  Specie.  Circulation.  Deposits•  Dols.  Dols.  Dols.  Dols.  Dec.  15.  93,800,018  11  54,075  7,701,052  76  82  ~517  Dec.  22  93,044,667  11,971,333  7,520,215  76  508,868  Increase.  Decrease,  755,351  387,258  180,837  311,649  In  Freights  there  was  rather  less  activity—  Flour  was  quoted  at  35.,  and  Wheat  at  9d.,  to  Liverpool.  The  loans  now  stand  rather  lower  than  two  weeks  since,  while  the  specie  shows  a  small  increase.  Certain  Gold  Statistics  had  been  read  before  the  New  York  Historical  Society,  and  extensively  copied  into  the  papers,  from  which  it  appears  that  the  total  of  Gold  now  in  America  is  241,000,000  dollars,  and  in  reference  to  which  a  New  York  writer  remarks  :  We  believe  this  figure  as  nearly  correct  as  the  uncertain  character  of  part  of  the  data  will  authorise.  A  table  attached  to  the  report  on  the  Federal  Finances,  made  to  the  last  Congress,  arrives  at  the  same  general  conclusion,  though  assuming  a  higher  sum  in  Gold  and  Silver  as  in  the  country  previous  to  the  discovery  of  California—Silver  being  then  a  good  part  of  the  specie  currency.  Since  that  report  another  year's  product  has  been  added  from  Cali California,  fornia, California,  and  another  year's  remittance  been:made  to  foreign  states—the  two  sums  not  differing  in  amount  more  than  about  two  millions  of  dollars,  or  as  $58,313,281  produced,  is  to  $56,247,343  seat  abroad.  The  reported  amount  In  the  Banks  of  United  States,  1854  In  circulation  $60,000,000  181,000,000  Total  Treasury  estimate,  1854  $241,000,000  Historical  Society  to  Nov.  1,  1855  241,000,000  GOLD  STATISTICS  TO  DEC.  31,  1855  Gold  in  Circulation  and  Bank,  1848.  Mined  in  California  to  this  date  356,556,000  Foreign  imported—  Official  7  years  to  June  30,  '55.  37,403,056  First  quarter  new  Treasury  year  ..  623,000  Estimate  second  quarter  600,000  38,626,056  Total  Export  7  years  to  June  30,  '55..  0210,231,160  To  Sept.  20,  '55,  official  Estimate  to  Dec.  31,  '55  Left  in  country  $234,002.160  .  $241,179,896  PRODUCT  OF  CALIFORNIA."
