text
"DUBLIN  CORN  EXCHANGE,  OCT.  11  The  supply  of  all  descriptions  of  home-grown  grain  in  to-day  was  not  so  large  as  on  Friday  last,  and  the  market  generally  was  firmer.  We  do  not,  however,  report  any  alteration  in  Friday's  currencies,  except  for  oats,  which  must  be  noted  3d.  to  6d.  dearer.  There  were  scarcely  any  transactions  in  foreign  wheat  or  Indian  corn.  CLYDE  SHIPPING  GRANGEIVIOUTH.—OcT.  11  ARRIVED.—Aurora,  Vulgaren,  from  Hambnrgh  ;  Thornby,  Sausen,  Rotterdam  ;  Sophie,  Wendler,  Hamburg  ;  Cygnet,  (s.),  Johnston,  Rotterdam  ;  Familion  ,  Hoistensen,  Dram  ;  Patriot,  Ginge  ,  Cronstadt  ;  Newcastle  Packet,  Bonde,  Dram;  Apollo,  (s)  Pedersen,  Brandholm  ;  Evercline,  'Braderhering,  Dantzig  ;  Tangen,  Olsen,  Dram;  Aurora,  Bannede,  Sunswall  ;  Scandinavia,  Rufberg,  Rudkjobing  ;  Villoger,  Wright,  Dantzig;  Pfeil,  Reetske,  Dantzig.  GREENOCK.—OcT.  12.  SAILED.—Swift,  Woodford,  for  Newfoundland  ;  Edward  Thompson,  Mackie,  for  Surinam  ;  Warner,  Ripley,  for  New  York  ;  Express,  Flinn,  for  Trinidad.  MARRIAGE  OF  THE  HON.  CAPTAIN  DE  Ros,  AND  TEE  HoN.  LADY  E.  G.  EGERTON.—The  marriage  of  the  Hon.  Lady  Elizabeth  Grey  Egerton,  eldest  daughter  of  the  Earl  and  Countess  of  Wilton,  and  the  Hon.  Dudley  Clark  Fitzgerald  de  Ros,  eldest  sou  of  Lord  de  Ros,  was  solem solemnized  nized solemnized  yesterday  forenoon,  at  the  ancient  church  of  Prestwich,  about  a  mile  and  'a  half  from  Heaton-park,  the  seat  of  the  Earl  of  Wilton.  A  great  number  of  the  members  of  both  families  were  present  on  the  occasion,  includinc  , STYLE=superscript  the  Earl  and  Countess  of  Wilton,  the  Countess  of  Derby,  Robert  Grosvenor,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  .  .  ,  LIST  OF  PASSENGERS  BY  THE  STEAM  sHir  ARCTIC.—  Messrs.  George  Jones,  L.  S.  Draper,  H.  A.  Fanshaw,  J.  W.  Easter,  Mrs.  Glenn,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Charles  Rabin,  General  J.  Addison  Thomas,  bearer  of  despatches  to  the  United  States  Legation  at  London,  Mrs.  Thomas,  four  children,  and  servant,  Mr.  Overman,  Mr.  O.  Colton,  Miss  Colton,  Mrs.  Stansbury,  child,  and  servant,  Mrs.  Smith,  Miss  Grinnan,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  N.  L.  Brewster,  Messrs.  B.  H.  Hutton,  W.  I.  Loury,  H.E.  Clark,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  F.  Gebbard,  Misses  M.  and  J.  Davis,  Messrs.  J.  W.  Gibbs,  W.  B.  Hook,  R.  W.  Kendall,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  J.  V.  Onatavia,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  0'  Shaughnessy,  sister,  and  child,  Messrs.  W.  H.  Townsend,  T.  IV.  Cook,  H.  A.  Booraem,  Thos.  Hiller,  F.  M.  Jones,  E.  Kirkpatrick,  J.  W.  Lyman,  Joseph  Moore,  C.  B.  Babcock,  Miss  Nashy,  Messrs.  Edward  Piper,  H.  Baffler  '  F.  M.  Beckley,  Thos.  Bonsfield,  M.  Lienan  and  son,  N.  J.  Miller,  P.  Murray,  R.  Slimmon,  W.  Sherwell,  James  Sullivan,  Misses  F.  and  M.  A.  Barker,  Messrs.  J.  C.  Cropper,  E.  Hememam,  G.  Jackson,  Rev.  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Eames,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  F.  Hopkins,  Mr.  A.  Lazarus  and  son,  Senor  A.  Massoni  and  servant,  Messrs.  G.  D.  Parrish.  W.  Brunner,  James  Court,  L.  Hermite,  A.  G.  Startz,  L.  G.  Coles,  G.  W.  Fenwick,  G.  Potthoff,  J.  B.  Wiltbank,  G.  H.  Booth,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  W.  Churchill,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  C.  Boswell,  Messrs.  G.  R.  Freeman,  M.  Maas.  J.  B.  Marie,  Miss  Morrow.  Messrs.  E.  Rider,  W.  M.  Whitney,  G.  A.  Wicks,  W.  Bowler,  J.  B.  Stovenel,  W.  A.  Jackson,  G.  A.  Koeffier,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  B.  P.  Aiken,  Miss  Caroline  Stryker,  Mr.  J.  Callahan,  Mrs.  Edwards  and  Son,  Messrs.  D.  Harrison,  J.  P.  Krischner,  J.  Schneider,  P.  Silverstone,  and  W.  Brown.  BRIBERY  AND  PENANCE.—THE  BARNSTAPLE  COM COMMISSION.—A  MISSION.—A COMMISSION.—A  novel  proceeding  has  been  adopted  in  Barn Barnstaple  staple Barnstaple  with  regard  to  the  extensive  bribery  proved  before  the  Commissioners  to  have  prevailed  at  the  Last  election.  The  Chief  Commissioner  (Mr.  M.  Prendergast),  at  the  ter termination  mination termination  of  the  proceedings,  delivered  an  address,  in  which  he  expressed  his  sorrow  at  what  had  been  proved  to  have  taken  place  in  a  town  where  the  gospel  was  preached  from  the  pulpits  of  various  churches  and  chapels.  Several  of  the  Dissenting  ministers,  in  consequence,  agreed  last  week  to  hold  special  religious  services  for  humiliation,  prayer,  and  exhortation,  in  reference  to  the  recently-manifested  corrup corruptions  tions corruptions  in  the  Meetings  for  prayer  were  accord accordingly  ingly accordingly  held,  and  addresses  were  delivered  on  moral  It  was  proved  before  the  C  o  mmissioners  that  several  of  the  professors  of  religion  had  accepted  bribes  of  a  each  ;  and  it  is  said  that  these  meetings  were  intended  as  a  rebuke  to  '  those  Penal  professors,  -seven  acres.  York  papers  continue  to  publish  fearful  accounts  of  the  ravages  of  yellow  fever.  It  has  Comparatively_  _subsided  at  New  Orleans;  but  at  Mobile,  Vicksburg,  Houston,  Galveston,  and  Ber Bermuda,  muda, Bermuda,  it  prevailed  to  an  alarming  extent.  At  Bermuda,  up  to  the  9th  ult.,  there  had  died  one  officer,  '(Lieut.  Woodford),  nine  men,  four  women.  and  two  children  belonging  to  the  56th  regiment,  and  106  others  were,  sick.  Out  of  205  convicts,  only  25  had  escaped  the  'epidemic-50  had  died,  The  following  gentlemen  had  also  died  :—John  M.  Howden,  recently  appointed  American  Consul  ;  Geo.  Houghton,  Clerk  of  Works  in  the  Royal  Engineer  Department  ;  and.  A.  H.  Taepp,  of  the  Ordnance  Department,  In  all,  eighty-one  persons  had  fallen  victims,  and  two-fifths  of  the  sappers  were  in  the  hospital.  The  latest  accounts  state  that  the  fever  was  spreading.  We  also  learn  from  Bermuda,  that  the  House  of  Assembly  had,  during  repeated  meetings,  trans transacted  acted transacted  a  large  amount  of  legislative  business.  The  Presbyterian  Ministers'  Salary  bill  was  committed,  the  Shipping  Light  Duty  bill  was  read  a=  second  time,  and  many  other  bills  of  revenue  and  police  improvement  were  advanced  a  stage.  The  Attorney-  General  had  instituted  a  government  prosecution  against  the  editor  of  the  Hamilton  Royal  Gazette.  The  American  Fishermen  were  loud  in  their  complaints  of  the  little  protection  afforded  them  by  the  United  States  fishing  squadron  which  has  just  returned  home.  The  fishermen  declare  that  they  have  frequently  been  driven  out  to  sea.by  the  British  cruisers,  in  the  most  tempestuous  weather,  and  in  direct  violation  of  treaty-stipulations;  also,  that  the  American  squadron,  instead-of  going  to  and  remaining  upon  the  fishing  greunds,  merely  visited  the  principal  provincial  portS,  and  when  wanted  could  not  be  found,  though  actually  seal  Lthea  for.  The  New  York  papers  mention  that  during  a  severe  gale  on  the  16th  ult.,  on  the  Coast  of-  New Newfoundland,  foundland, Newfoundland,  a  large  number  of  fishing  vessels  with  their  crews  had  been  wrecked,  but  the  advices  pre previously  viously previously  recived  direct  made  no  mention  of  such  misfortunes  Froin  Puerto  Cabello  we  learn  that  the  .revolu .revolutionary STYLE=superscript  tionary .revolutionary  troops  of  Venezuela  had  nearly  all  sub submitted  mitted submitted  to  the  power  of  President  -Monagas,  giving  the  brothers  a  present  triumph.  It  was  believed,  however,  that  their  government  would  not  exist  long,  although  likely  to  be  strengthened  at  the  Presidential  election  next  year.  Trade  was.  very  dull  at  Puerto  Cabello.  NEW  YORK  MARKETS.-SEPT.  30  STOCKS  AND  MoNnv.--The  decline  in  stock  prices  from  the  effects  of  the  Washington's  news,  was  1  to  per  cont.  on  the  fancies,  and  *  per  cent  on  the  higher  class  shares.  Government  stocks  sold  at  a  small  fraction  over  the  treasury  price.  Hudson  Convertibles  and  Erie  Incomes  were  in  fair  request  at  former  rates,  and  New  York  Central  Sixes  again  brought  94  with  five  months  accumulated.  Early  in  the  day,  the  market  sustained  itself  better  than  many  parties  anticipated,  from  the  looks  of  the  foreign  money  and  political  accounts.  The  money  market  was  not  decidedly  influenced  by  the  news.  Call  loans  were  offered,  as  before,  at  7  per  cent.  The  business  in  mercantile  paper  ranged  from  9to  12  per  cent.  Railroad  acceptances,  12  to  15  per  cent.  Fereign  exchange  was  stiffer.  The  regular  drawers  get  1091  per  cent.,  and  prime  transient  bills  rate  109  . STYLE=superscript  1  to  1091.  Francs  5  131,  and  5  12*.  CorroN—Remains  very  quiet  and  languid.  The  conflict conflicting  ing conflicting  advices  from  Europe  in  relation  to  the  markets  there,  and  from  the  Southern  States  respecting  the  poor  prospects  of  the  growing  crop,  interfere  with  business  here.  About  600  bales  were  disposed  of  at  somewhat  unsettled  prices.  FLOUIL  AND  MEAL.—The  Washington's  intelligence  has  occasioned  a  livelier  and  firmer  feeling  in  the  market  for  State  and  Western  brands,  of  which  the  supply  is  less  exten extensive,  sive, extensive,  and  for  which  there  prevailes  a  better  home  and  export  •  demand,  at  quoted  rates,  which  exhibit  an  improvement  of  122  c.  to  18ic.  per  bbl.  The  day's  movements  amount  to  15,000  bbls.,  within  the  annexed  range  :  Sour  ....  Superfin  Ordinary  to  straight  State  Mixed  Indiana  and  Michigan  Strait  do.  and  do.  .........  .....  Favourite  State  Common  to  good  Ohio  Fancy  Indiana  and  Michigan  Fancy  Ohio  .  5  75  to  5  931  6  to  6  121  •  6  43  1 STYLE=superscript  to  6  561  .  6434  to  650  .  6  50  to  6  50/  .  6  56!  to  662;  .  650  to  662*  Fanci•  Genesec  6  561  to  6  624-  6  561  to  6  681.  6  561  to  6  684  Extra  •Indiana  and  Michigan,  Extra  Ohio  6  621  to  6  931-  6  681  to  7  122  Extra  Genesee  6  68i  to  Canadian  is  doing  better.  There  have  been  1,500  bbls.  Superfine  sold  at  $6  681  to  $6  75.  Southern  is  brisker  and  dearer.  The  transactions  of  the  day  include  2,700  bbls.  at  $6  622  to  $6  75  for  mixed  to  good  ;  $6  81t  and  $6  93  . STYLE=superscript  -1  for  favourite  ;  and  $6  931  and  7  25  for  fancy.  Rye  flour  and  corn  meal,  are  apparently  unchanged.  GRAlN.—Wheat,  affected  by  the  Wa,shington's  accounts,  has  attracted•  more  attention,  and  advanced  3c  to  5c  per  bush.  The  day's  business  embraces  25,000  bush.  ;  western  white  at  $1  44  to  $1  50  ;  30,000  Canadian  do.  '  in  bond,  at  $1  44  to  $1  48;  and  200 STYLE=superscript  a  Southern  do.  , STYLE=superscript  at  $1  44.  Rye  is  more  enquired  for,  but  not  essentially  higher.  About  1000  bush.  found  buyers,  mostly  at  90c.  Barley  has  not  varied.  State  and  Western  oats  appear  in  improved  demand,  at  48c  to  50c  per  bush.  Corn  is  in  better  request  and  a  shade  dearer  ;  the  receipts  are  not  so  heavy.  The  day's  sales  con consist  sist consist  of  62,000  bush.  at  78c  to  794  c  for  unsound;  80c  to  84c  forwhite  Southern;  81c  to  82c  for  mixed  Western;  and  82c  to  83c  for  yellow  Southern,  .per  bush.  METALS.—Sheathing  copper  is  in  better  demand,  at  25c  for  old  ;  and  281  c  for  new,  per  lb.  Scotch  pig  iron  is  less  abundant  and  stiffiy  held,  at  $37  to  $3B,  6  months,  per  ton.  A  parcel  of  500  pigs  Ulster  County  lead  brought  $6  25  per  100  lbs.  Steel  and  tin  are  unchanged.  On.s.—Wc  have  no  additional  MOvementin  whale,  sperm,  or  olive  to  report.  The  transactions  in  linseed  add  up  6500  gallons,  at  64c  to  65c,  now  held  at  higher  rates,  per  gallon.  PROVISIONS.—Pork  is  less  active,  but  unchanged  in  value.  The  sales  of  the  day  embrace  600  bbls.  Western  at  $l6  25  for  Mess,  $l2  75  to  $l3  for  prime.  Nothing  new  has  o  ccurred  in  cut  meats.  La  r  d  i  s  ra  th  e  r  qu  i  e  t,  but  firm.  There  have  been  250  bbls.  prime  purchased  at  11i  to  llic.  per  lb.  Beef  is  moderately  inquired  for  at  previous  quotations.  The  sales  include  220  bbls.  at  $4  76  to  $6  for  prime  ;  $7  to  $9  50  for  Country  MeSs;  and  $l2  to  $12.621e.  for  City  ditto  per  bbl,  Beef  Hams  retail  at  $l3  50  to  $l4  per  220  lbs.  Butter  and  Cheese  remain  as  last  roported.  RICE.—The  days's  operations  consist  of  260  tcs.  fair  to  good,  at  $3  S7l  to  $4  25  per  100  lbs.  Fnmowrs.—Rates  to  Liverpool  were  firmer,  with  ingge inggements,  ments, inggements,  of  about  60000  to  70,000  bushels  of  Wheat,  chiefly  at  10d.  in  bulk,  and  about  2,000  bbls.  Flour  at  2s.  100.  Resin  was  3s.  and  Cotton  a  Id..  and  50  tons  Bacon  were  engaged  at  355.  To  London  4,00  A-bushels  31  , STYLE=superscript  3)eat-:.MA  engaged  in  shippers'  bags  at  9d.  To  Havre,  Wheat  was  engaged  at  20e.,  and  Flour  at  76c."
