text
"HEALTH  COMMITTEE.=-YESTERDAY.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  committee  was  held  yesterday,  Mr.  LANGSDALE  in  the  chair.  The  other  mem members  bers members  present  were  Messrs.  Beckwith,  Moss,  Godfrey,  Halhead,  Robertson  Gladstone,  Hodson,  M'Nicoll,  John Johnson,  son, Johnson,  Nicholson,  and  Fleming.  pi  Ar•  W STYLE=superscript  tie  T STYLE=superscript  •  I  hiartATl  L STYLE=superscript  it STYLE=superscript  Bf  l STYLE=superscript  taktriVeTsT  i STYLE=superscript  Ve  f STYLE=superscript  slictuEs  4.11  had  been  summoned  by  Feeney,  one  of  the  officers  for  inspecting  nuisances,  for  a  nuisance  on  some  land  between  Great  Homer-street  and  Scotland-road,  and  though  it  was  quite  plain  to  any  one  who  would  take  the  trouble  to  inspect  the  place,  the  officer  swore  in  open  court  that  the  nuisance  arose  not  from  the  discharge  from  the  neighbouring  houses,  but  from  the  surface  water.  Now  the  fact  was,  that  the  nuisance  solely  arose  from  the  discharge  from  those  houses,  and  the  officer,  if  he  had  inspected  the  place,  must  have  seen  it.  Mr.  BECKWITH  :  Do  you  think  that  he  was  conscious  he  was  swearing  to  what  was  untrue,  or  that  he  erred  in  judgment  ?  Mr.  HORSFALL  :  I  can  only  believe  one  of  two  things— thingseither,  either, thingseither,  that  the  man  presumed  to  go  into  court  and  swear  to  a  statement  merely  upon  hearsay,  or  else  that  he  swore  to  what  he  absolutely  knew  to  be  untrue.  No  man  in  his  senses  could,  on  seeing  the  place,  have  sworn  to  such  a  statement.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Has  the  case  been  settled  befor.  the  magistrates  ?  Mr.  HonsFALL  No  ;  in  consequence  of  the  conflicting  evidence  in  the  case  it  was  referred  to  the  borough  engineer  to  report  on':  But  whatever  the  decision  of  the  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  may  be,  it  cannot  justify  the  conduct  of  the  officer.  My  complaint  is,  that  he  stated  in  court  either  what  he  did  not  take  the  trouble  to  investigate,  or  what  he  knew  to  be  untrue.  Mr.  11{'GowAx  observed,  that  as  the  matter  was  still  under  adjudication,  it  would  be  dangerous  to  express  an  opinion  which  might  effect  the  credibility  of  any  of  the  wit witnesses.  nesses. witnesses.  Mr.  HORSFALL  :  All  I  can  say  is,  that  it  is  no  matter  of  opinion--it  is  a  matter  of  fact.  Mr.  M'  GOWAN  :  The  officer,  probably,  spoke  according  to  his  judgment,  and  he  may  be  able  to  explain  his  conduct.  Mr.  HoitsrALL  :  It  comes  to  this,  that  if  it  had  been  a  poor  man  who  was  summoned,  the  officer's  word  'would  have  been  at  once  taken,  the  man  would  have  been  bullied  into  payment,  and  saddled  with  the  extiense  of  draining  the  pro proproperty.  property. proproperty.  That  is  the  consideration  which  induced  me  to  come  here.  As  the  case  is  still  before  the  magistrates,  the  committee  abstained  from  investigating  the  complaint  until  next  Thursday.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  stated  that  a  gentleman  from  Boston,  Dr.  J.  Curtis,  was  in  attendance,  as  he  came  to  this  country  to  glean  every  information  with  reference  to  sani-  Dr.  CURTIS  was  then  introaucea,  Auld  L.-rin  g  gt.‘f.,l  that  his  mission  was  more  of  a  personal  than  public  character,  the  chairman  informed  him  that  the  officers  of  the  committee  would  afford  him  every  facility  in  obtaining  the  information  which  he  required.  The  MEnicAL  OFFICER  reported  that  from  the  week  end ending  ing ending  Saturday  last,  the  mortality  was  greater  than  in  any  week  in  the  preceding  eight  months.  The  registered  deaths  were  247,  41  more  than  in  the  week  previous,  and  26  more  than  the  average  of  the  corresponding  weeks  of  the  six  pre preceding  ceding preceding  years.  This  high  mortality,  however,  was  not  owing  to  the  unusual  prevalence  of  any  epidemic  disease,  but  to  the  decreasing  temperature  of  the  season,  which  caused  a  larger  mortality  from  inflammatory  and  other  affections  of  the  lungs,  than  has  been  recorded  in  any  previous  week  since  the  month  of  March,  while  the  weekly  mean  temperature  had  fallen  since  the  end  of  October  from  55.7  to  41.8.  The  deaths  from  diseases  of  the  lungs  had  gradually  increased  in  each  week  of  the  same  period,  as  follows  34,  47,  55,  64,  73,  and  last  week,  99.  From  zymotic  diseases,  the  deaths  were  59  ?  of  these  18  were  from  cholera,  11  from  hooping hoopingcough,  cough, hoopingcough,  8  from  typhus,  4  from  scarlatina,  3  from  measles,  2  from  small-pox,  and  1  from  syphilis.  The  whole  of  the  deaths  from  cholera,  with  one  exception,  occurred  in  the  nighbourhood  of  Scotland-road  and  Vauxhall-road.  The  medical  officer  had  received  a  letter  from  the  general  board  of  health,  requesting  information  as  to  the  steps  which  had  been  taken  for  removing  cess-pools  in  courts  and  alleys.  In  answer  to  Mr.  M'NicoLL,  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  stated  that  the  cholera,  from  which  the  above  deaths  resulted,  was  of  that  nature  which  proved  fatal  in  from  12  to  30  hours.  Mr.  HousoN  observed  that,  looking  at  the  districts  in  which  the  deaths  occurred,  the  disease  must  have  been  more  the  result  of  dirt  and  poverty  than  anything  else.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  said,  that  heretofore  the  cholera  cases  were  confined  almost  entirely  to  German  emi emigrants  grants emigrants  calling  at  this  port,  but  now  the  cases  occurred  amongst  their  own  population.  That  was  the  distinction.  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  stated  that  he  got  daily  returns  of  all  such  cases.  and  that  in  those  returns  he  was  also  informed  whether  there  was  anything  about  the  house  which  required  improvement.  Mr.  IlararEAD  complained  of  the  dirty  state  of  the  foot footpaths  paths footpaths  from  Wapping-street  to  Brunswick  dock.  The  BOROUGH  ENGINEER  replied  that  it  was  impossible,  under  present  circumstances,  to  keep  the  streets  in  a  better  condition,  unless  a  man  were  employed  on  every  foot-path.  It  was  a  question  of  expense  ;  but  so  long  as  they  had  frost,  followed  by  a  sudden  thaw,  the  streets  would  continue  muddy.  Mr.  Moss  said  that  he  and  Mr.  Fleming  had  visited  every  house  in  Gibson  -street  and  Tarleton-street,  •  and  that  they  had  not  found  them  in  the  condition  described  by  Mr.  Toul Toulmin.  min. Toulmin.  Many  other  parts  of  Toxthth-park  were  much  worse.  ;  The  Boitovon  ENGINEER  said  that  many  of  the  eiiti  now"
