text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  No  notice  can  be  taken  of  anonymous  communications.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer  ;  not  necessarily  for  _publication,  but  as  a  guarrantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return,  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  30.,  ortytnt  ,10aitil  t'  inter.  WEDNESDAY,  SEPTEMBER  28,  1853  RUSSIA  is  again  marching  troops  into  the  Princi Principalities.  palities. Principalities.  The  Russian  force  now  within  the  Turkish  frontier,  amounts  to  two  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  men  ;  and  yet  England  is  passive,  and  France  remains  inactive.  We  are  not  skilled  in  necromantic  diplomacy.  We  lament  this  the  more  as  we  are  unable  to  give  anything  like  a  reasonable  interpretation  to  the  silence  and  inactivity  of  the  Cabinets.  In  the  absence  of  the  peculiar  diplomatic  know knowledge  ledge knowledge  required  at  the  present  moment,  we  feel  no  small  concern  for  the  vast  commercial  interests  at  stake.  Our  Money-market  convulsed  ;  our  national  Securities  depreciated  to  a  greater  extent  than  they  were  by  the  death  of  millions  of  our  fellow fellowbeings  beings fellowbeings  by  pestilence  and  famine  ;  the  most  staple  branches  of  our  trade  and  commerce  rendered  both  speculative  and  hazardous;  and  the  ordinary  ac  commodation  of  business  and  requirements  of  production  crippled,  and,  for  the  most  part,  wholly  withdrawn.  Suffering  from  all  these—the  worst  effects  of  a  protacted  and  actual  state  of  warfare— warfareis  is warfareis  it  possible  that  we  can  be  at  peace  ?  Are  we  to  be  prostrated  and  plundered  before  a  blow  has  been  struck,  or  are  we  suffered  to  know  who  are  our  actual  enemies?  Does  HER  MAJESTY'S  Ministers  think  that  this  state  of  things  can  be  tolerated,  while  they  have  betaken  themselves  to  the  Moors,  to  destroy  the  reputation  of  a  Manton,  or  a  Truelock,  and  to  throw  away  upon  grouse  the  menaces  they  have  addressed  in  vain  to  the  Russian  eagles  ?  Every  mail  and  telegraphic  despatch  reports  some  further  concentration  of  force,  and  some  fresh  act  of  daring  aggression,  on  the  part  of  the  Ann-  MUT.  Such  monsters  may  live  and  batten  on  the  wrongs  and  injuries  they  inflict  on  other  nations,  and  those  who  sympathize  with  them  may  stand  unmoved  at  the  mischief  done.  But  we  tell  our  Minister  that,  there  is  danger,  in  the  highest  office,  in  submission.  A  weak  obeisance  to  a  demon  spirit  was  the  original  sin  of  man,  and  it  is  rather  too  much,  to  expect  of  England  in  the  Nine Nineteenth  teenth Nineteenth  century,  a  repetition  of  the  mother  crime.  England  can  have  no  little  is  the  axiom  propounded  by  our  highest  military  authority.  The  hero  who  spoke  these  words  knew  not  the  small-  Hess  of  the  men  who  were  to  fill  his  place  in  the  great  councils  of  the  State.  As  he  breathed  the  memorable  warning,  he  was  measiu•ing  in  his  mighty  mind  the  power  of  the  different  nations  of  the  earth  as  compared  with  England,  but  did  not  bestow  a  thought  on  the  flimsy  attributes,  and  paltry  comprehension,  of  those  who  were  so  soon  to  come  after  him,  and  that  too,  at  a  crisis  which  gives  the  full  force  of  truth  in  Mc  worag.  England  in  her  wars,has  been  taught  to  estimate  the  value  of  her  military  exploits,  by  the  actual  cost  of  her  conquests;  and  if  we  pursue  the  same  course  in  the  present  instance,  the  public  will  be  astounded  at  the  disclosure  of  our  losses,  caused  by  the  rumours  of  war  in  this  age  of  peace.  When  red  re republicanism,  publicanism, republicanism,  was  rampant  in  France—when  pestil pestilence  ence pestilence  and  famine  were  devastating  our  sister  kingdom—when  England  had  to  meet  unprece  dented  drafts  upon  her  bullion  for  food—and  when  she  was  threatened  with  internal  tumults  and  foreign  war—the  depreciation  in  her  national  securities  did  not  exceed  8  per  cent.,  whereas  they  have  fallen  10  per  cent.  in  value,  owing  to  the  AUTO AUTOCRAT'S  CRAT'S AUTOCRAT'S  violation  of  the  confirmed  law  of  nations.  The  loss  to  England  from  a  reduction  of  10  per  cent.  in  the  marketable  value  of  her  £800,000,000  of  stock,  is  greater  in  amount,  than  the  Russian  trea treasury  sury treasury  could  re-fund  in  a  quarter  of  a  century.  War  then,  with  such  a  nation,  poor  and  hopeless,  excepting  in  buccaneering,  surely  cannot  be  as  alarm-  ing  as  the  public  seem  to  think  ;  unless,  indeed,  the  Russian  tyrant  be  again  fondled,  nursed,  and  Succoured  by  England  herself,  from  whose'tender  sympathies  she  drew  the  funds  to  ,  prolong  the  siege,  and  enter  the  gates  of  ,  Warsaw  in  1829,  and  through  whose  parental  fondness  she  found  in  1851  a  sum  of  £4,500,000,  to  repair  her  losses  in  the  Hungarian  war.  Despotism  is  shameless.  Again  we  find  NICHOLAS  asking  England,  the  mother  of  his  former  strength,  to  pardon  his  tyranny,  to  forgive  his  intrusions,  to  forget  his  cruel cruelties,  ties, cruelties,  and  to  aid  him  against  the  unoffending  whom  he  undertakes  to  annihilate  with  the  utmost  dispatch.  Surely  if  this  be  conceded,  we  have  more  to  fear  from  mono-  mania  than  from  the  Cholera  itself.  The  political  hirelings  on  the  London  press,  have  their  feelers  out  on  behalf  of  the  needy  dis disturber  turber disturber  of  European  peace.  It  therefore  behoves  our  government  to  take  some  immediate  steps  to  prevent  subsidies  being  furnished  to  a  Foreign  state,  with  which  we  are  virtually,  if  not  actually  at  war.  The  urgency  of  such  a  step  need's  no  precedent.  Ix  one  of  its  usual  able  articles,  the  London  Times  of  Monday  recurs  to  a  subject,  noticed  in  its  columns  some  short  time  ago,  of  paramount  interest  in  connection  with  the  war,  which,  we  fear,  if  not  commenced,  is  all  but  inevitable.  The  system  of  privateering  by  letters  of  marque,  so  gene generally,  rally, generally,  and  so  disastrously  for  many  who  should  have  been  exempted  from  its  necessary  consequences,  Will,  it  cannot  be  doubted,  be  renewed,  or  sought  to  be  renewed,  from  the  moment  that  war  is  de declared.  clared. declared.  This  is,  indeed,  a  topic  of  very  deep  interest  ;  but  to  all  concerned  in  the  port  of  Liverpool,  in  the  shipping  that  congregate  in  its  docks,  from  every  quarter  of  the  globe,  manned  by  sailors  of  all  nations,  it  is  one  of  overwhelming  importance.  In  commenting  on  this  subject,  our  contemporary  deals  principally  with  America;  and,  after  showing  how  glad  Russia  would  necessarily  be  to  avail  herself  of  such  aid,  expresses  well wellgrounded  grounded wellgrounded  doubts  of  the  ability  of  the  Government  of  the  United  States  to  control  the  adventurous  cupidity  of  some  of  its  citizens.  It  seems,  how however,  ever, however,  that  the  misgivings  previously  expressed  by  the  Times  on  this  point  had  attracted  the  notice  of  the  Ape4ican  press,  and  are  regarded  by  it  as  wholly  gr4uitous.  A  long  passage  is  quoted  from  the  New  York  Courier,  which  has,  we  are  told,  been  transferred  with  approbation  into  the  various  columns  ofthe  principal  journals  throughout  the  Union.'  This  article  not.  only  repudiates  the  idea  of  American  citizens  serving  on  board  a  Russian  privateer,  but  emphatically  adds  that  American  who  is  found  on  board  such  will  be  hung  at  the  yard-arm  by  his  captor,  with  the  full  approval  of  every  just  minded  Ame American.  rican. American.  -  He  would  justly  forfeit  all  claim  to  the  protection  of  his  country,  and  receive,  and  richly  merit,  the  fate  of  a  adds  the  Tinges,  will  be  a  great  step  in  civi civilization,  lization, civilization,  when  the  privateer  and  the  pirate  are  placed  under  one  common  ban,  and  equally  ex excluded  cluded excluded  from  the  rights  of  lawful  war.  Great  will  be  the  glory  of  the  nation  which  puts  down  the  practice,  and  not  less  the  shame  reflected  on  the  annals  of  those  naval  powers  which  endured  it  so  Is  not  this  plain  truth  ?  and  is  it  not  a  sub subj  j subj  ect  on  which  the  members  of  the  Peace  Society,  may,  without  Quixotism,  most  usefully  and  humanely  exert  - STYLE=superscript  their  energies  ?  No  question  is  here  brought  forward  for  impossible  arbitration  ;  no  enquiry  into  the  conflicting  claims  of  Empires,  or  of  M  ight  versus"
