text
"g  THE  PEACE  PROPOSALS  The  Independanol  Beige  gives  the  following  as  the  text  of  the  propositions  submitted  to  Russia  by  Count  Esterhazy  :  I.  DANUBIAN  PRINCIPALITIES.  Complete  abolition  of  the  Russian  protectorate.  The  Danubian  Principalities  shall  receive  an  organisation  conformable  to  their  wishes,  to  their  wants,  to  ,their  interests,  and  this  new  organisa organisation,  tion, organisation,  respecting  which  the  population  itself  will  be  consulted,  shall  be  recognised  by  the  contracting  Powers  and  sanctioned  by  the  Sultan  as  emanating  from  his  sovereign  initiative.  No  state  shall  he  able,  under  any  pretext  whatever,  under  any  form  of  protectorate,  to  interfere  in  the  question  of  the  internal  administration  of  the  Principalities  ;  they  shall  adopt  a  definite  permanent  system  demanded  by  their  geographical  position,  and  no  impediment  can  he  made  to  their  fortifying,  in  the  interest  of  their  safety,  in  such  manner  as  they  may  deem  advisable,  their  territory  against  foreign  aggression.  In  exchange  for  the  strong  places  and  territ territtories  tories territtories  occupied  by  the  allied  armies,  Russia  consents  to  •  a  rectification  of  her  frontier  with  Turkey  in  Europe.  It  would  commence  in  the  vicinity  of  Chotym,  follow  the  line  of  the  moun mountains,  tains, mountains,  which  extended  in  a  south-easterly  direction  and  terminate  at  lake  Sasik.  The  line  (trace)  shall  he  definitely  regulated  by  the  general  treaty,  And  the  conceded  territory  would  return  to  the  Principalities,  and  to  the  suzerainty  of  the  Porte.  11.  DANUBE.  The  ',freedom  :of  the  Danube  and  of  its  mouths  shall  be  efficaciously  assured  by  European  institu institutions,  tions, institutions,  in  which  the  contracting  powers  shall  be  equally  represented,  except  the  particular  positions  of  the  lords  of  the  soil  on  the  banks  (des  riverains),  which  shall  be  regulated  upon  the  principles  esta established  blished established  by  the  Act  of  the  Congress  of  Vienna  as  regards  the  navigation  of  rivers.  Each  of  the  con contracting  tracting contracting  powers  shall  have  the  right  to  keep  one  or  two  vessels  stationed  at  the  mouths  of  the  river,  destined  to  assure  the  execution  of  the  regulations  •  relative  to  the  freedom  of  the  Danube.  111.  NEUTRALISATION  OF  THE  BLACK  SEA.  This  sea  shall  be  open  to  merchant  vessels--  closed  to  war  navies  (marines  militaires.  )  Conse Consequently,  quently, Consequently,  no  naval  military  arsenals  shall  be  created  or  maintained  there.  The  protection  of  the  commercial  and  maritime  interests  of  all  nations  shall  be  assured  in  the  respective  ports  of  the  Black  Sea,  by  the  establishment  of  institutions  conformable  to  international  law,  and  to  the  customs  sanctioned  in  such  matters.  The  two  powers  which  hold  the  coast,  engage  themselves  to  maintain  only  the  number  of  light  vessels  of  a  fixed  force,  necessary  for  their  coast  service.  This  con convention,  vention, convention,  concluded  separately  between  these  two  power,  shall  form  part  as  an  annex  of  the  general  treaty  after  receiving  the  approval  of  the  contract contracting  ing contracting  parties.  This  separate  convention  cannot  be  annulled  or  modified  without  the  consent  of  the  signataries  of  the  general  treaty.  The  closing  of  the  Straits  will  admit  the  exception  applicable  to  'lie  stationary  vessels  mentioned  in  the  preceding  article  •  IV.  CHRISTIAN  SUBJECTS  OF  THE  PORTE.  The  immunities  of  the  Rayah  subjects  of  the  Porte  shall  be  religiously  preserved,  without  in infringement  fringement infringement  on  the  independence  and  dignity  of  the  Sultan  crown.  As  deliberations  are  taking  place  between  Austria,  France,  Great  Britain,  and  the  Sublime  Porte  to  assure  to  the  Christian  subjects  of  the  Sultan  their  religious  and  political  rights,  Russia  shall  be  invited,  when  peace  is  made,  to  associate  herself  thereto.  The  belligerent  powers  reserve  to  themselves  the  right  which  appertains  to  them  of  produciui,►  in  an  European  interest  special  conditions  over  and  above  the  four  guarantees.  We  observe  by  the  foreign  correspondence,  that  CountStackelberg  has  by  this  time  nearly  arrived  at  Vienna  with  the  Russian  reply  to  the  Austrian  ultimatum.  From  this  we  argue  that  the  reply  is  not  of  a  character  favourable  to  the  cesse,ion  of  hos hostilities.  tilities. hostilities.  Had  it  been  so.  it  would  in  all  probability  have  been  confided  to  the  Austrian  minister,  Count  Valentine  - STYLE=superscript  Esterhazy,  who  would  scarcely  have  failed  to  apprise  his  government  of  the  result  by  telegraph.  To  all  appearance,  therefore,  there  is  nothing  left  but  to  work  with  increased  vigour  to  bring  about  peace  by  means  of  these  great  appli appliances  ances appliances  of  war,  in  the  preparation  of  which  the  governments  of  France  and  England  are  now  so  strenuously  engaged.  The  Constitutionnel  of  yesterday  has  a  letter  from  its  Vienna  correspondent  dated  the  6th  of  January,  and  devoted  to  an  explanation  of  the  relations  be betwe.m  twe.m betwe.m  Prussia  and  Austria-  The  correspondent  adds'-,&#34;  It  is  important  to  know  that  it  has  been  arranged  between  Austria  and  the  Western  Powers,  that  if  the  reply  of  Russia  be  Such  as  to  remove  the  hope  of  a  prompt  re-establishment  of  peace,  the  Court  of  Vienna  will  not  limit  itself  to  the  recall  of  its  Ambassador  from  St.  Petersburg,  but  without  delay  will  deliberate  in  common  with  its  Allies  on  efficacious  means  for  obtaining  the  object  of  their  alliance  according  to  Article  5  of  the  Treaty  of  the  2nd  of  December.'  DESPATCH  FROM  GENERAL  PELISSIER  The  Moniteur  of  yesterday  notifies  the  receipt  by  the  Minister  of  War  of  the  following  despatch  from  Marshal  Pelissier  :  Head  quarters,  Sebastopol,  Dec.  28,  1855 STYLE=superscript  .  Monsieur  le  Marechal,—l  have  the  honour  of  sending  you  an  account  of  another  coup  de  main,  executed  by  the  volunteer;  of  the  division  of  Aute Autemarre,  marre, Autemarre,  during  the  night  of  the  20-27th  inst.  Having  been  informed  that  a  post,  consisting  of  80  infantry  of  the  Smolensk  Regiment  and  of  20  C:)ssaeks  of  the  Don,  was  placed  upon  a  mamelon  situate  at  500  metres  from  the  defile  of  Cardonne  Bell,  General  Autemarre  authorised  Liet.-Colonel  Lacretelle  to  make  an  attempt  to  carry  the  same  with  the  two  companies  of  eclaireurs  added  to  our  outposts.  The  icy  state  of  the  ground,  which  oo  much  impedes  the  marching  of  men  in  this  difficult  count  7,  was  several  ti  mes  nigh  proving  an  obstac  e.  Nevertheless,  th  e  undertaking  suc succeeded  ceeded succeeded  ;  eighteen  Ilussians  were  attacked  and  killed  on  the  spot  with  the  bayonet,  while  attempt attempting  ing attempting  to  defend  themselves  ;  and  eighteen  others  were  made  prisoners  At  night  the  Co  retired  on  ,  two  my  remaining  -in  the  outpost.  These  K STYLE=superscript  w  okloz STYLE=superscript  ere  taken  by  our  men,  who  besides  have  brought  away  thirty  arms  of  all  sorts.  The  captain  who  commanded  the  enemy's  post  was  killed.  We  have  had  neither  killed  nor  wont-idea.  Captains  Pichon  and  Nehlich  directed  this  coup  di  main  with  their  accustomed  vigour  and  intelli intelligence.  gence. intelligence.  They  highly  praise  the  conduct  of  their  troops.  Accept,  U.,  PgLIZEBB.  IRON  MASTERS  QUARTERLY  MEETING  WOLVERHAMPTON,  WEDNESDAY.—The  meetings  of  the  ironmasters  of  this  district  for  the  current  quarter  com commenced  menced commenced  at  Walsall,  yesterday,  where  there  was,  as  usual,  a  very  thin  attendance  of  the  trade.  To-day  at  the  Exchange  in  this  town  there  was  a  very  numerous  assembly,  most  of  the  principal  members  of  the  trade  being  present.  There  was  not  a  large  amount  of  busi business  ness business  done  ;  but  there  was,  upon  the  whole,  a  tolerably  cheerful  feeling,  although  the  trade  is  not,  perhaps,  quite  so  animated  as  it  was  two  or  three  weeks  ago.  'I  he  works  are,  however,  all  in  full  operation,  and  all  th  e  principal  houses  have  been  pretty  well  off  for  orders.  These  will,  no  doubt,  be  very  considerably  added  to  before  the  series  of  meetings  have  terminated,  for  mer merchant  chant merchant  iron  is  in  request,  and  the  consumers  here,  as  well  as  in  other  parts  of  the  district,  have  only  very  small  stocks  on  hand.  There  are  coming  in,  too,  orders  from  America  and  Canada.  It  was  mentioned  on  the  Exchange  to-day  that  more  than  one  large  house  had  received  orders  by  the  Baltic  steamer  Pig  iron  still  maintains  its  price,  and  so  long  as  it  does,  now,  with  a  demand  as  active  as  it  is  at  the  present  time,  -any  material  reduction  in  the  price  of  malleable  iron  is  out  of  the  question,  especially  at  the  rate  of  riaged  now  paid  to  the  workmen,  and  with  coal  and  all  kinds  of  material  at  an  almost  unprecedentedly  high  price.  It  may  be  remarked,  too,  that  the  stocks  of  pig  iron  are  small,  and  that  within  the  last  day  or  two  circulars  have  been  issued  by  Lord  Ward's  agents,  announcing  the  price  of  best  cold  blast  pigs  to  be  £5  12s.  6d.  ;  hot  air  ditto,  £4  15s.  per  ton,  of  which  latter  there  is  only  a  small  quantity  to  sell.  Altogether,  the  meeting  to-day  passed  off  satisfactorily,  far  more  so  than  that  which  we  reported  this  time  twelve  months.  There  is  an  entire  absence  of  rumours  of  impending  difficulties,  and  appearances  indicate  that  the  commercial  concerns  in  the  district  are  in  a  more  sound  and  healthy  condition.  A  subject  much  discussed  amongst  the  members  of  the  iron  trade  in  the  course  of  the  day,  was  an  advance  in  the  rates,  which  has  just  been  made  by  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway,  for  the  conveyance  of  ores  from  Ulverstone  ;  these  rates  having  now  been  assimilated  to  those  of  the  canals.  The  two  main  points  of  grievance  appear  to  be  the  lessening  of  the  differential  charges  be between  tween between  conveyance  in  owner's  waggons,  and  conveyance  in  company's  waggons,  and  a  levy  of  11d.  per  ton  for,  transit  along  sidings,  -which  have  been  made  at  the  cost  of  the  proprietors  of  the  works  with  which  they  are  con  netted;  but,  this  subject  is  to  be  discussed  at  a  special  meeting  of  the  trade,  to  be  held  at  Birmingham  in  a  few  days,"
