text
"the  newspaper  is  c►  s,  or  not  n  an  30  words;  and  2s.  for  eight  line,  or  60  'once.  The  scale  of  words  Is  adopted  to  allow  p  'ompany  their  orders  for  advertise.  Iry  L.  tli  postage  stamps.  Several  applications  having  been  made  for  a  scale  of  charges  for  small  advertisements  to  appear  weekly,  to  allow  of  tradesmen  and  others  keeping  their  addresses  or  other  announcements  regularly  before  the  public,  we  are  induced  to  adopt  the  following  very  low  scale  of  charges  for  such  advertisements,  when  paid  quarterly,  in  advance:—  2  lines  ..10s  for  13  insertions  (3  and  4  „  l3s  for  „  .  5  and  6  „  ....  16s  for  9  2  7  and  8  „  igs  for  „  9  and  10  „  22s  for  ~  II  and  12  „  ......  25s  fur  f  t  Published  by  Dobson  and  Son.  Preston.  PARLIAMENTARY  STAMP  RETURNS  FOR  THE  YEAR  1854.  PRESTON  GUARDIAN  Preston  Ckronicle.......  Preston  Pilot  .....  Lancaster  Guardian  ......  Lancaster  Gazette...  Ulverston  Advertiser,  Blackburn  Standard.  •  •  •  •  92,000  48.000  48,000  •  41,500  71,000  •.......  28,500  ---  329,500  It  will  be  seen  from  the  above  that  the  number  of  stamps  issued  to  the  Guardian  exceeded  by  49,500  the  n  um  b  er  i  ssued  to  all  the  Tother  papers  4  n  Nt,rth  Lancashire  added  together.  HE  PREPAID  CHARGES  for  Advertising  in  the  PRESTON  GUARDIAN  are  4  Lines,  or  30  Words,  Is  6d,  if  prepaid.  8  Lines,  or  60  Words,  2s  Od,  if  prepaid.  Advertisers  will  do  welt  to  remember  that  no  Advertisements,  however  short,  are  received  on  credit  under  2s  6ci  each,  it  being  impossible  to  open  accounts  for  such  small  sums  and  collect  the  amounts  without  an  extra  charge.  Parties  residing  out  of  Preston  may  remit  accounts  of  lOs  and  under  in  postage  stamps;  above  that  amount  by  Post-office  order,  deducting  cost  of  order.  Agents  out  of  Preston  must  prepay  all  advertisements  which  they  wish  to  be  inserted  at  the  prepaid  rates  otherwise  they  will  be  charged  credit  prices  GUARDIAN-OFFICE,  11.  FISHERGATE,  PRESTON  THE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE,  and  Advertiser  for  the  Principalities.  Published  at  Bangor,  every  FRIDAY  EVENING  in  time  for  the  early  posts  and  extensivelycirculatedevery  SATURDAY  MORNING,  through throughbut  but throughbut  the  Six  Northern  Counties,  in  Cardiganshire,  and  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  best  medium  for  the  Publication  of  Advertisements,  being  read  by  all  parties,  on  account  of  the  spirited  and  independent  tone  of  its  Leading  Articles,  the  extent  and  accu accuracy  racy accuracy  of  its  Local  Reports,  and  the  variety  and  comprehensiveness  of  its  Foreign  and  Domestic  Intelligence,  its  Original  Correspondence,  its  reliable  accounts  of  the  Corn  and  Cattle  Markets,  and  other  infor information  mation information  suitable  to  the  great  interests  of  the  Country;  andcirculating  chiefly  amongst  the  Lclasses  who  have  property  to  dispose  of  and  ability  to  purchas-  MedicalAdiertisements  are  excluded  from  its  columns.  ges  for  prepaid  Advertisements  'ire—two  lines  Is.;  three  ,  nine  lines,  28.6  d.;  twelve  lines,  &amp;;,;  fifteen  lines,  n  lines,  45.;  twenty.one  lines,  48.  6d.;  and  6d.  for  every  two  lines  additional.  The  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  was  established  in  the  year  1826,  and  is  therefore  the  oldest  paper  in  the  district,  and  h  as  b  een  ..  .  .  .  .  ;  six  lines,  s.6d.;eighte  lh  to  be  had  at  t  ,atly  enlarged  and  improved.  trice  of  the  VOILTH  WALES  CFlRONlCLE.unstamperl,  ze  otf.cst.  hi  Bangor  only,  is  Sid.;  stamped,  to  be  had  the  various  towns,  or  directed  to  any  place,  4id.  per  '  . STYLE=superscript  lings  and  sixpence  per  annum,  In  advance;  -annum  on  credit.  The  NORTH  WALES  , STYLE=superscript  st-office  for  all  postal  pr  Po  Orde  ICLE  is  duly  registered  atthe  Ivertisements  are  respectfully  solicited  by  AUGUSTUS  ROBERT  MARTIN,  Proprietor,  To  whom  all  Bank  and  Post-office  orders  sho  Id  he  maw•  P%vahle  --  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  is  now  reduced  in  price  (though  not  in  size),  to  TWOPENCE,  UNSTAMPED  ;  THREEPENCE,  STAMPED  The  DAILY  MAIL  contains  all  the  News  of  the  day,  condensed  and  selected  from  the  principal  newspapers,  as  well  as  correspondence  from  the  various  districts  of  the  country.  To  Local  News  of  every  kind  a  large  space  is  devoted;  and  it  contains  exclusively  the  Latest  Intelli Intelligence  gence Intelligence  from  all  parts  of  the  Continent  received  by  Submarine  Telegraph,  generally  a  day  in  advance  of  other  papers  It  has  been  for  some  years  the  leading  and  most  influentia  Journal  in  the  West  of  Scotland,  and  has  at  present  a  cir circulation  culation circulation  greater  than  that  of  some  of  the  London  Morning  Journals;  but  as  a  large  increase  will  result  from  the  re reduction  duction reduction  in  price,  no  better  medium  exists  for  such  Adver Advertisements  tisements Advertisements  as  are  addressed  to  the  wealthy  and  influential  classes  of  Glasgow,  and  the  wide-spread,  populous  manufacturing  districts  around  and  dependent  upon  the  western  Capital.  nil  II  To  all  places  where  Railway  or  Steamboat  facilities  ex extend,  tend, extend,  arrangements  will  be  made  to  send  the  DAILY  MAIL  in  pircels,  Unstamped  ;  but  if  the  post-office  is  used  for  transmission,  the  Papers  must  be  stamped,  which  will,  however,  entitle  them  to  retransmission  as  often  as  desired  for  a  limited  period  after  Publication.  The  price  of  the  NORTH  BRITISH  DAIT  will  be—  I,Y  MAIL  Unstamped,  Stamped,  In  Advance.  In  Advance.  For  a  Quarter,—  ..14s.  6d.  l3s.  ......  21s.  6d.  2os.  „  a  Half-year,  ...295.  .....265.  43s.  .  ....  .os.  „  a  Year,.......  575.  ..  ..525.  B6s.  Bos.  A  first-class  Daily  Paper  can  thus  be  had  for  a  shilling  a  week,  and  to  a  club  of  four  the  cost  will  be  only  three threepence  pence threepence  each.  Orders  received  at  the  MAI  L  Offices  —  102  to  114,  UNEONSTREET,  GI.  A  SOO  W.  Z  4,  SOUTH  ST  ANDREW  STIIEET,  EDINBURCIk.  41a  by  ell  Country  Nerg-agentZ."
