text
"POLICE  COURT;YESTERDAY,  (BEFORE  MESSRS.  CHALONER  AND  CBOSTHWAITE.)  CHARGE  OF  BIGAMY  —A  young  woman,  mmed  Lehoe,  alias  Cline,  was  brought  up  in  custody,  charge  having  committed  bigamy  under  the  following  circumstance:,  .  From  the  evidence  of  Bridget  Cavanagh,  who  acted  as  bride's bride'smaid  maid bride'smaid  on  the  occasion  of  her  first  matrimonial  speculation,  and  of  Mrs.  Wright,  boardinghouse  keeper,  of  No.  2,  Crooked..  lane,  with  whom  she  lodged,  it  appeared  that  the  prisoner,  in  the  month  of  April,  1854,  was  married  to  a  seaman  named  John  Lehoe,  in  St.  Matthias's  church,  in  this  town.  About  three  weeks  after  the  marriage,  Lehoe  parted  from  his  spouse,  and  went  to  the  Black  Sea  to  fight  the  Russians,  who,  much  to  the  chagrin  of  many,  would  not  fight.  After  some  time  he  was  dismissed  his  ship,  and  then,  about  five  months  since,  the  allowance  which  was  paid  to  his  wife  was  stopped.  Mrs.  Lehoe  regarded  this  procedure  as  an  intimation  that  her  Jack  bad  gone  to  Davy  Jones's  locker,  and,  to  kill  grief,  entered  into  the  the  bonds  of  matrimony,  with  a  seaman  named  Cline.  The  marriage  took  place  in  June  last,  at  St.  Peter's  church,  in  Liverpool.  Cline  has  since  sailed  for  Sydney,  and  Lehoe  turning  tip,  has  unexpectedly  placed  the  lady  in  her  pr,,ent  difficulty,  though  quite  willing  to  be  happy  with  either.  She  was  remanded  for  the  present.  Mr.  Bluck  appeared  on  her  behalf.  1  Ann  ed  with,  ROBBERY  OF  COTTON.—John  C.  Barker,  mate  of  the  American  ship  Zenobia,  was  charged  with  stealing  114-  cw  t.  of  cotton,  under  the  following  circumstances  :—On  Saturday  afternoon,  officer  198,  while  on  duty  at  the  Nelson-dock,  where  the  Zenobia  was  lying,  observed  two  bales  of  cotton  put  e  ver  her  side,  which  he  was  given  to  understand  had  been  sold,  with  a  hundred  weight  of  rope,  by  the  mate,  to  a  marine-store  dealer,  in  Oil-street,  named  Peter  Mulligan,  for  £6  lOs  Bd.  He  went  to  the  consignees  to  make  inquiries  on  the  subject,  and  ho  was  informed  by  their  managing  clerk,  and  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  by  the  captain,  that  the  mato  had  never  been  autho authorised  rised authorised  to  sell  the  cotton.  When  officer  643  went  on  duty  at  eight  o'clock,  two  men,  named  M'Call  and  Curran,  came  to  the  gate  with  the  cotton,  and  believing  the  story  they  told  him,  that  it  had  been  sold  by  the  mate,  with  the  consent  of  the  captain,  who  would  present  the  consignee's  note,  allowed  them  to  pass.  Three  bales  of  the  cargo  are  missing;  and  while  the  prisoner  denied  all  knowledge  of  them,  he  admitted  that  he  had  sold  the  pickings,  as,  in  consequence  of  a  dispute  which  arose  at  New  Orleans,  before  the  ship  left,  in  respect  of  five  bales  of  cotton,  he  entered  into  an  arrangement  to  pay  for  all  that  was  short,  receiving  what  remained  over.  This  was  6 STYLE=superscript  practice  common  in  the  trade  as  long  as  he  was  connected  w  ith  it.  Mr.  Clough  said  he  believed  that  such  a  practice  di  d STYLE=superscript  exist,  but  the  parties  had  no  right  to  any  surplus  cargo;  it  belonged  to  the  consignees.  He  , STYLE=superscript  also  said  that  the  conduct  the  matter,  of  officer  643,  and  of  Curran,  who  acknowledge'  having  purchased  the  cotton,  without  inquiry,  from  a  man'  named  Liff,  would  be  reported  to  the  watch  and  finance  coin'  mittees.  The  prisoner  was  remanded.  A  CRIMEAN  NAVVY  NOT  TO  BE  SARSED.  — STYLE=superscript  George  ()wood  , STYLE=superscript  a  rough,  strongly-built  man,  was  charged  with  having  created  $  disturbance  and  used  abusive  and  scurrilous  language  in  the  house  of  Mrs.  Sadler,  publican.  The  prisoner  said  he  was  I STYLE=superscript  '  Crimean  navvy,  just  returned,  and  very  bad  with  the  and  that  he  merely  went  into  the  house  to  sel  l STYLE=superscript  a  comb,  one  of  the  trophies  lie  brought  with  him  from  th  e STYLE=superscript  seat  of  war.  The  young  woman  who  was  cleaning  the  door,  was  not  very  urbane  in  her  manner  towards  the  hero,  in  can;  sequence  of  which  he  m  ildl  y  remonstrated  with  her,  and  rel'  a  Crimean  hero  should  not  be  &amp;ie,  however  , STYLE=superscript  persisted,  whereupon,  said  he,  I  sarsed  her,  but  I  used  verf  ‘  little  words—they  were  very  little  words  (Laughter./  All  the  witnesses  declared  that  if  his  words  were  little,  their  were  at  any  rate  most  expressive,  and  far  from  polite,  an,  that  he  was  in  the  h  a  bit  o  f  g  i  v  i  ng  more  sarse  than  agreeable  to  all  his  acquaintances.  He  was  fined  .5.3  and  costs  , STYLE=superscript  or  seven  days  imprisonment.  (BEFORE  MR.  MANSFIELD)  COLLISION  ON  THE  RlVER.—William  Owen;,  m  as  ter  of  the  steam-tug  Tower  castle,  appeared  on  summons  to  answer  the  complaint  of  Thomas  Casey,  Captain  of  the  schoone  r STYLE=superscript  Gazelle,  for  damage  done  to  his  ship  by  col  lisioa  under  the  following  circumstances.  On  Saturday  morning  th  ° STYLE=superscript  Gazelle,  with  another  schooner  named  the  Jessamine,  lett  tb  d STYLE=superscript  Canning  dock  to  go  down  the  river:  The  Tower  Castle  wag  waiting  in  the  river,  a  little  further  down,  to  take  arw!h  er STYLE=superscript  vessel  out  of  dock.  She  got  between  the  schooners,  b  u  t  tl  lO STYLE=superscript  Gazelle  not  starhoarding  her  helm  in  time,  and  both  keepi°  l STYLE=superscript  close  to  the  shore,  the  Tower  Castle  had  no  alternative  h°  either  to  he  ran  into,  or  to  run  into  them.  She  struck  the  Jessamine,  and  then  on  backing  struck  the  Gaze:  between  the  f  ore  an  d  ma  i  n  rigg  i  ng,  and  damaged  her  to  tiri  extent  of  £l2.  Several  witnesses,  who  were  on  the  pier!,  the  time,  dep  ose  d  t  h  at  t  h  e  collision  was  the  result  ui  t STYLE=superscript  ;';  schooners  not  starb  o  a  r  di  ng  t  h  e  i  r  helms  in  time,  and  summons  was  acordingly  dismissed.  YESTERDAY'S  MARKETS.  I  x°  LONDnN  PRODUCE.—Svar  :  There  ar  e  no  pu-,10  sales  to-day,  and,  with  the  exception  of  a  cargo  of  o  f STYLE=superscript  t  , STYLE=superscript  bags  Paraiba  so  ld  l  a  t  e  yesterday  at  27s  for  a  near  P  0  01  there  is  nothing  n  ew  t  o  report.  Coffee  :  Public  sales  45  plantation  Ceylon  are  b  e  i  ng  c  hi  e  fl  y  bought  in;  such  were  sold  have  reali  se  d  a  b  out  previous  rates.  Tea  ;,  0  new  feature  in  the  mar  k  e  t.  Ri  ce:  Market  very  dull,  business  to  report.  GLASGOW'  CATTLE.—The  supply  of  cattle  at  t STYLE=superscript  i  l STYLE=superscript  'g  market  to-day  was  m  uc  h  l  arger  than  last  week  ;  'th3  were  slow,  at  rather  lower  prices,  and  some  lots  re  l  na  - STYLE=superscript  n,j  unsold.  Sheep  were  al  so  more  abundant,  but  realis'er  about  last  week's  rates.  Best  Scotch  beef  worth  7d  So  lb,  best;  bid,  second  qua  li  ty  sid,  inferior  5:1,  p  black  faced  sheep  7d,  second  quality  5d  to  6d.  supplies  at  market  were—Beasts,  874  ;  sheep,  3503.  qu  D  al  U  ity  l  3 STYLE=superscript  L  ge  l  n  N  era  C  liy  A.T  ve  T  ry  CATTLE,—The  inferior,  —Th STYLE=superscript  as  e STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  i  t STYLE=superscript  f  lp STYLE=superscript  th  l STYLE=superscript  e  y STYLE=superscript  cattle  larg STYLE=superscript  and  e STYLE=superscript  '  b STYLE=superscript  lhe  t STYLE=superscript  e  ll STYLE=superscript  i  were  the  remai  ns  o  f  stock  gathered  up  from  every  dire  tion.  The  f  ew  arr  i  vals  of  prime  quality  at  market  virere  o  taken  at  late  cur  renc  i  es,  all  other  descriptions  were  ;)  cidedly  lower.  Pi  gs  i  n  anxious  demand  for  the  Engl''  markets.  DUBLIN  WOOL.  —Som  e  anx  i  ous  inquiries  aro  111';',  for  wool.  Holders  firm,  and  looking  for  higher  rates.  ,  05  ;  CORK  PROVISION.  —Whit  e  w  h  eat,  4ls  ;  red,  barley,  225;  oats,  14s  10d  ;  pork,  361.  SPORTING  INTELLIGENCE  TATTERSALL'S.---YESTERDAY  EVENING,  CHESTER  OUP.  1000  to  10  agst  Chicken  (by  Magpie),  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE  LIVERPOOL,  JANUARY  a.  WIND  YESTERDAY—North-eastr,  '  /11,GH  WATER-1110rn.,1  2S—Eveg.  1  51 STYLE=superscript  —Height,  Is  ft.  5  ARRIVED,  dt  'Jan  14—G.  A.  Hopley,  Charleston—Persia  (new  steamer),  C  , STYLE=superscript  l  Countess  of  Liverpool,  Hamburg."
