text
"STABBING  IN  LIVERPOOL.  Rose  Ann  Kilian,  20,  was  charged  with  having,  at  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  stabbed  and  wounded  Margaret  Murphy,  with  intent  to  do  her  grievous  bodily  harm.  Qn  the  2411  of  Noverqber,  the  prisoner  met  the  prosecutor  in  Park-Jane,  and,  without  provocation,  stabbed  her  on  the  forehead  and  in  the  eye.  The  prisoner  was  found  guilty.  Sentence  deferred.  •  Patrick  Hand  (not  in  the  calendar)  was  charged  with  stabbing  Jane  Simmons  at  Liverpool,  on  the  28th  of  No November.  vember. November.  It  appeared  that  the  prisoner  had  engaged  lodg lodgings  ings lodgings  at  the  house  of  the  prosecutrix,  in  Wolstenholnae,  square,  for  a  young  lady,  - STYLE=superscript  whom  he  was  iu  the  habit  of  visiting,  and  it  was  during  one  of  these  visits  that  a  quarrel  took  place,  and  the  offence  was  committed.  The  prisoner  was  found  guilty  of  unlawfully  stabbing,  and  sentenced  to  six  weeks'  imprisonment  -  vprigaL  THrtcrwwG.  Ann  Webster,  30,  pleaded  g  .  uilty-tO  a  charge  of  felo feloniously  niously feloniously  and  maliciously  throwing  two  ounces  of  vitriol  upon  Gabriel  Webster  (her  husband),  with  intent  to  burn  him,  and  do  him  grievous  bodily  injury.  Sentence  deferred.  The  court  rose  at  twenty  minutes  to  six  o'clock.  SECOND  CQUET,  (Before  Mr.  Baron  MARTIN.)  A  youth  named  John  Finnigan,  deaf  and  dumb,  was  indicted  for  feloniously  killing  and  slaying  a  youth  named  John  Shanley.  Mr.  WHEELER  defended,  and  Mr.  MONK  was  for  the  prosecution.  Mr.  Patterson,  the  teacher  of  the  deaf  and  dumb  institut  , STYLE=superscript  tion  at  Manchester,  was  called  upon  to  act  as  interpreter,  and  stated  that  the  prisoner  was  his  pupil  for  five  years,  and  was  very  quick  of  apprehension.  It  appeared  that  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  accompanied  by  another  youth,  was  proceeding.  along  a  canal,  Manchester,  when  they  met  the  deceased,  John  Thornley,  and  another  boy.  The  deceased  attempted  to  take  a  stick  from  the  youth  who  was  with  the  prisoner.  Tho  prisoner  full  of  passion,  and  seeing  the  injustice  done  to  his  companion,  took  hold  of  the  deceased  and  tumbled  him  into  the  canal.  The  witness  (Thornley)  informed  his  mother  next  morning  of  what  had  occurred,  which  led  to  the  prisoner's  apprehension,  The  body  was  recovered  the  fol following  lowing following  day  (sunday.)  Acquitted;  BURGLARY  AT  CRUMPSALL.  .  ,David  Morris  was  indicted  for  breaking  open  and  entering  the  house  of  Mr.  Alexander  Henry,  at  Crumpsall,  at  an  early  hour  on  the  morning  of  the  29th  of  September.  Mr.  R.  A.  CROSS  prosecuted,  and  Mr.  AxiNsoN  defended,  —Guilty.  His  Lordship  deferred  sentencing."
