text
"been  more  than  once  remarked,  the  failure  of  the  1- STYLE=superscript  q  in  the  attempt  to  get  possession  of  Giurgevo  Cur,..,  source  of  extreme  annoyance  to  Omar  must  be  a  -  •  not  admit  of  a  doubt  that  an  in:L-  Pasha.  It  does  __-  I STYLE=superscript  'loe  on  the  11th,  and  as  all  portant  affair  took  p_  - STYLE=superscript  iv  safely  conclude  that  details  are  withheld,  we  mt.,  •  - STYLE=superscript  •ns  for  the  Turks.  the  result  was  not  disadvantage,—  - STYLE=superscript  it  three  days,  It  has  been  asserted  here,  for  the  lab.  pasha,  that  Bucharest  is  in  the  hands  of  Oma.  but  this  is  so  extremely  improbable  that  you  do  well  to  give  no  credit  to  the  report  until  you  have  direct  information  from  me  that  such  is  the  case.  My  private  opinion  as  to  the  issue  of  war  is  unchanged.  Without  the  material  assistance  of  France  and  England,  the  Porte  will  not  for  any  length  of  time  be  able  to  make  head  against  Russia.  Military  men  do  not  entirely  condemn  Omar  Pasha's  plan,  but  my  common  sense  tells  me  that  the  Turkish  army  is  in  extreme  jeopardy  on  the  left  bank  of  the  river,  Would  it  not  have  been  wiser,  after  having  dealt  the  Russians  such  a  heavy  blow  at  Oltenitza,  to  have  made  a  simulta simultaneous  neous simultaneous  retrograde  movement  along  the  whole  line  of  operation  We  have  already  given  the  bulletin  of  Prince  Gortschakoff  relative  to  the  affair  of  Oltenitza,  and  in  which  he  boasts  of  a  success  in  forcing  the  Turks  to  remain  in  their  entrenchments,  when  the  only  object  of  his  attack  was  to  drive  them  out  of  them.  The  Cronstadt  Gazette  of  the  7th  is  less  modest  than  Prince  Gortschakoff.  It  states  that  the  Turks  were  defeated,  and  that  the  Russians  remained  masters  of  the  field  of  battle.  It  also  seems  that  the  loss  of  the  Russians  near  Oltenitza  is  larger  than  was  at  first  supposed.  There  were  not  600  killed  and  wounded,  but  1,100.  The  number  of  killed  alone  was  500.  .  A  letter,  dated  Paris,  Friday  night,  seven  o'clock,  says  :—Nothing  is  known  at  the  Turkish  embassy  with  respect  to  the  reported  defeat  of  the  Turks,  and  the  retreat  of  Omar  Pasha  to  the  right  bank  of  the  Danube,  beyond  the  fact  that  a  despatch  has  been  received  from  Vienna  which  states  the  fact,  and  which  adds  that  the  Russians  were  155,000  strong,  and  the  Turks  70,000.  Up  to  four  o'clock  no  telegraphic  despatch  on  the  subject  had  been  received  from  the  Turkish  ambassador  at  Vienna."
