text
"DOCK  COMMITTEE.-YE  STERDAY,  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  committee  was  held  yesterday,  Mr.  Charles  Turner  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were  :  Messrs.  Shand,  Molyneux,  Evans,  Gregson,  Holme,  Healing,  Holden,  Langsdale,  Smith,  Rankin,  Barber,  Robinson,  Malcolmson,  Tobin,  Boyden,  Steele.  Mr.  'GransToNz  said  that  he  had  enquired  relative  to  the  statement  made  by  Mr.  John  Hartley,  to  the  effect,  that  a  circular  inviting  tenders  for  oakum,  had  been  sent  to  the  workhouse,  but  no  answer  had  been  received.  He  found  that  Mr.  Hartley's  statement  was  correct,  and  he  did  every everything  thing everything  he  could.  The  CHAIRMAN  said,  in  consequence  of  what  passed  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  Committee,  he  obtained  a  report  from  Mr.  Hartley,  with  reference  to  the  inconvenience  and  damage  this  committee  was  suffering  by  not  getting  possessed  of  the  land  in  Wapping  from  the  London  and  Great  Western  Rail Railway  way Railway  Company.  He  wrote  to  Mr.  Booth,  who  promised  it  should  be  brought  before  the  committee,  on  the  following  Friday.  Subsequently  he  saw  several  of  the  directors,  and  with  Mr.  North,  he  had  an  interview  with  Mr.  Stewart,  who,  it  was  agreed,  should  attend  the  meeting  of  the  direc directors,  tors, directors,  on  Friday  last.  Mr.  Stewart's  report,  which  would  be  read  by  the  secretary,  would  put  them  in  possession  of  what  passed.  Mr.  Stewart's  letter  was  then  read,  also  the  resolutions  of  the  sub-committee  of  directors,  to  the  effect,  that  everything  should  be  done  with  a  view  to  give  the  dock  committee  possession  of  the  laud,  regardless  of  expense.  The  CHAIRMAN  asked  Mr.  John  Hartley  if  he  had  seen  Mr.  Poole  ?  Mr.  JOHN  'HARTLEY  saw  Mr.  Poole  on  Saturday,  and  the  arrangements  were  such,  as  if  carried  out,  would  give  them  early  possession  of  the  land  ;  but  they  did  not  seem  to  be  pressing  the  arrangements.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  said  they  were  losing  sight  of  Blundell Blundellstreet,  street, Blundellstreet,  and  that  was  the  main  place.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Your  personal  observation  makes  you  think  they  are  not  pushing  the  arrangements  forward,  Mr.  Hartley  ?  Mr.  JOHN  HARTLEY  wrote  to  Mr.  Poole  calling  attention  to  the  want  of  energy  in  doing  that  which  they  promised  to  do.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Perhaps  you  will  be  good  enough  to  keep  your  attention  on  it,  and  report  to  the  committee.  The  Sub-Committee  of  Works  recommended  that  outside  shutters  should  be  put  to  the  houses  of  the  dock  masters  at  the  north  east;  and  that  a  sum  of  £2O  should  be  paid  to  each  to  defray  the  expenses  of  removal.  Two  tons  of  cotton  wick  were  ordered  to  be  purchased  from  Mr.  G.  B.  Richard Richardson  son Richardson  at  £26  per  ton.  The  committee  recommended  that  1,443  yards  of  land,  on  the  north  side  of  the  canal  locks,  Lightbody-street,  be  let  to  Brandreth  and  Co.,  for  a  paint  manufactory,  at  the  rate  of  is.  6d.  per  square  yard,  for  a  term  of  three  years.—The  Chairman  said  this  was  only  con conditionally  ditionally conditionally  accepted,  and  the  matter  had  better  be  referred  back.—The  Warehouse  Sub-Committee  had  nothing  to  re report.—A  port.—A report.—A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Cowan  thanking  the  com committee  mittee committee  for  the  increase  of  salary  given  him,  and  stating  that  it  would  increase  his  zeal.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  :  Instead  of  increasing  his  zeal  it  is  a  wonder  he  did  not  say  increase  his  salary.  The  committee  likewise  recommend  that  a  claim  made  by  Mr.  Pothiani  relative  to  compensation  for  injury  sustained  by  the  Maltese  brig  Tiger  in  the  King's  Dock,  when  the  dock  was  last  run  dry,  be  not  allowed.  Some  discussion  followed  on  this  subject,  but  eventually  the  matter  was  referred  to  the  solicitor  to  report  on,  an  action  having  been  commenced  against  the  committee.  A  communication  was  read  from  Captain  Westcott,  of  the  Royal  Engineers,  relative  to  an  angle  caused  by  the  construction  of  the  dock  .wall,  immediately  beyond  the  site  of  the  new  battery  ;  with  a  northerly  or  westerly  and  northerly  wind,  the  sea  would  be  conducted  into  this  angle,  and  the  spray  driven  upwards  by  the  wind,  causing  great  inconvenience'  and  requesting  t  o  have  an  interview  with  Mr.  Hartley  on  the  subject.  It  was  arranged  that  the  suh-committee  of  works  should  meet  Captain  Westcott  on  the  subject.  Mr.  HARTLEY  said  they  proposed  to  do  this  in  the  first  instance,  but  were  prevented.  The  CHAIRMAN  announced  that  the  triennial  revision  of  of  rates  on  vessels  not  using  Liverpool  Docks  had  that  day  taken  place  before  the  Mayor,  Mr.  Trafford,  and  hi  mself,  and  it  was  thought  th  a  t  no  alteration  in  those  rates  were  necessary,  and  a  resolution  to  that  effect  was  passed.  An  appli application  cation application  was  read  from  Mr.  Jolliffe  and  others,  owners  of  the  steamer  Pelham,  claiming  £328  expenses  incurred  by  the  Pelham  striking  the  sunken  bell  buoy,  and  suggesting  that  the  matter  should  be  loft  to  arbitration.  Mr.  TOBIN  said  [this  matter  bad  been  before  the  Marine  Committee.  A  wreck  buoy  was  placed  over  the  spot,  and  everything  that  was  possible  had  been  done.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  Marine  Committee  recommended  that  this  claim  should  be  resisted.  Mr.  STEELE  said  Jolliffe  would  suffer  severely.  Mr.  TOBIN  regretted  that  he  should  suffer,  bid  he  had  no  just  claim  on  the  committee.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  next  subject  before  the  com committee  mittee committee  was  the  estimates  prepared  by  Mr.  Hartley  of  the  cost  of  the  new  dock  works  ;  he  suggested,  however,  as  it  was  a  matter  of  finance,  it  should  be  discussed  after  the  reporters  had  retired.  This  suggestion  was  agreed  to.  THE  ILARRINGTON  ESTATE.  Mr.  EYRE  EVANS  said,  I  want  before  the  reporters  retire  to  bring  forward  a  matter  concerning  the  Harrington  property.  I  opposed  the  purchase  of  that  property  in  the  dock  com committee,  mittee, committee,  and  in  the  council,  years  ago;  but  the  influence  of  the  company  overbore  everything,  and  the  purchase  was  made.  What  is  the  result  now  ?  Here  is  an  annual  loss  of  from  £B,OOO  to  £9,000,  which  I  consider  is  a  loss  in  capital  of  £250.000.  Are  we  to  look  upon  a  loss  like  this,  and  are  we  to  do  nothing  to  investigate  how  we  are  to  reco 'recover'  this  loss.  In  examimrg  into  what  income  is  derived  from  it,  I  find  it  is  altogether  at  variance  with  what  was  alleged  at  the  time  the  purchase  was  made.  They  boasted  that  look looking  ing looking  at  the  rate  paid  for  this  property,  and  combining  the  dock  and  timber  yards  it  would  realise  the  interest  of  the  money.  Now,  sir,  it  has  done  no  such  thing.  This  has  led  me  to  examine  into  what  the  land  is  let  at  for  timber.  I  find  it  is  let  at  the  low  rate  of  'd.  up  to  id.,  and  that  only  as  long  as  the  land  is  occupied—as  long  as  the  timber  is  on  it.  Now  I  have  enquired  with  regard  to  the  private  yards,  and  they  are  let  at  from  id.  up  to  id.,  whether  they  are  co covered  vered covered  or  not,  and  the  tenants  have  to  pay  all  the  rates  and  taxes.  The  Harrington  land  is  the  most  admirably  adapted  for  timber,  far  more  so  than  those  yards  which  are  away  at  a  distance,  and  in  cross  streets.  Now,  sir,  I  would  suggest,  in  order  to  institute  an  enquiry  into  this  and  other  matters,,  to  let  the  whole  of  this  land  to  one  person,  at  a  fair  rate,  or  that  we  get  the  real  value  of  the  land.  It  is  an  exploded  idea  now  that  any  business  should  be  bolstered  up  by  a  bounty.  If  it  requires  a  bounty  we  are  a  great  deal  better  without  such  a  business.  Here  is  this  land,  which  is  let  to  the  timber  trade.  I  have  got  a  list  of  the  names  here  who  are  occupying  it.  At  this  moment  it  is  let  on  bounty  principles  :  that  is,  it  is  really  let  at  half  the  value  which  a  private  owner  would  exact,  and  would  obtain  for  it.  I  conceive  this  ought  not  to  be.  The  idea  of  a  bounty  has  long  been  condemned  by  all  political  economists,  but  here  is  a  trade  eminently  prosperous,  which  requires  no  bounty,  no  support,  actually  swimming  in  wealth.  (Hear,  hear,  from  Mr.  Steele.)  The  hasty  enquiry  which  I  have  been  enabled  to  make  into  the  business  satisfies  me  that  on  the  open  ground  at  least  £l,OOO  a-year  more  could  be  got.  That  is  but  a  mere  fraction  of  £B,OOO  or  £9,000,  but,  however,  it  isXl,OOO.  I  have  no  doubt  if  there,  were  a  rigid  and  searching  enquiry  into  this  and  other  matters,  it  will  produce  a  great  deal  more  than  £l,OOO.  - STYLE=superscript  Whether  you  refer  it  to  a  pas  ticular  committee  or  whether  you  will  appoint  one  for  the  purpose  of  investigating  it,  I  will  leave  with  the  com committee  mittee committee  to  decide  ;  but  it  ought  not  to  be  allowed,  nor  ought  we  to  look  on  such  a  loss  in  the  phlegmatic  manner  we  do.  £B,OOO  or  £9,000  a  year  loss  put  upon  this  estate,  when  you  reduce  it  into  capital  is  a  loss  Of  £250,000:  I  would  only  say,  in  the  history  of  the  dock  estate  the  most  discreditable  incident  on  the  whole,  was  the  purchase  of  it.  I  opposed  the  purchase  of  it  because  I  conceived  in  the  hands  of  the  past  possessors,  and  they  had  acquired  the  right  of  building  warehouses  around  tho  docks  it  would  be  good  for  the  commerce  of  Liverpool,  or  rather  the  commerce  of  England  ;  and  it  is  the  interest  of  the  general  commerce  of  England  entering  into  the  port  of  Liverpool  which  I  have  always  had  in  view,  utterly  dis discarding  carding discarding  these  narrow  views  of  party  or  of  class,  because,  I  am  quite  convinced  that  the  real  interests  of  Liverpool  are  coincident  with  those  of  the  empire  at  large  and  its  com commerce.  merce. commerce.  (Hear,  hear).  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  should  take  the  rent  of  the  land  along  with  the  dock  dues  paid  by  the  timber  trade.  You  should  take  the  docks  and  land  as  a  whole.  There  is  a  loss  on  the  land.  Mr.  EvAlcs  objected  that,  They  might  go  on  commuting  everything  in  that  way,  the  hogshead  of  sugar.  and  the  pipe  of  wine.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  No  doubt  it  is  a  very  proper  matter  for  consideration.  Mr.  STEEL  said  quite  irrespective  of  the  purchase  of  the  land,  the  timber  trade,  thought  it  was  a  very  great  ad advantage  vantage advantage  to  them,  and  it  would  have  been  so,  if  the  promises  held  out  had  not  been  broken.  But  they  were  betrayed  not  only  in  those  promises  but  in  many  others.  With  res respect  pect respect  to  the  closed  yards,  they  contained  much  more  valuable  property  than  the  open  yards.  Moreover,  he  believed  there  was  land  occupied  by  mem  b  ers  o  f  the  trade,  not  belonging  to  the  dock  estate,  which  was  at  the  present  time  occupied  at  a  less  rate  per  square  yard  than  they  were  paying  for  this  land  of  the  Harrington  estates.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  there  could  be  no  objection  to  refer refersing  sing refersing  this  matter,  which  had  been  brought  before  the  com committee.  mittee. committee.  The  committee  to  which  it  was  referred  should  make  a  report  as  to  what  could  be  done  most  advantageously  with  the  land,  taking  of  course  the  claims  of  the  timber  trade,  and  of  every  other  trade  into  consideration.  Mr.  EVANS  :  The  original  intention  was  to  make  a  dock  there.  Mr.  STEELS  :  For  the  vacant  land  on  tha  Harrington  property,  the  tenants  are  paying  higher  rent  than  they  are  paying  for  land  belonging  to  private  individuals  in  that  locality.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  Similarly  circumstanced  ?  Mr.  STEELE  :  Similarly  circumstanced.  Mr.  JONES  said  it  would  be  well,  probably,  if  it  were  re referred  ferred referred  to  the  committee  on  works.  Mr.  Evans  was  on  the  committee,  so  were  Mr.  Steel  and  himself,  and  he  thourrht  ',here  were  parties  on  the  committee  per,  liscuss  the  thing  over.  Mr,  lloiziE  thought  the  dock  trustee  '&#34;&#34;'&#34;'—!--&#34;r  w STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  -  ------  curing  the  Harrington  estate;  if  they  had  not, STYLE=superscript  it  utie  ~,t  o  been  brought  to  bear  against  their  own  estate  ills  another  matter  as  to  the  proper  using  of  the  lana  .  24 STYLE=superscript  ;4  the  most  money  for  it.  In  its  present  position  1;;;;h  used  as  it  ought  to  be,  and  there  was  a°  ,  ü STYLE=superscript  b  t  l  timber  trade  was  favoured  to  a  certain  exten,tro  I  ing  the  land  ;  but  the  committee  must  net  I° STYLE=superscript  o  modation  which  was  ,  it  was  an  important  trade  as  attached  to  t  o  opposed  to  any  one  to  go  to  the  north  end  of  the  m  the  land  held  by  Lord  Derby,  because  unle  ss STYLE=superscript  ,  o  f  carry  out  the  plan,  and  give  that  great  aclan  a STYLE=superscript  r  ,f  ed  ou  t  they  still  still  for  a  li  ttle  time,  until  .  they  so  cam  that  they  would  give  all  the  accommodation  reqd  enable  Liverpool  not  only  but  to  sta  s STYLE=superscript  to  compete,  ~  t  he  as  the  cheapest  port  that  any  body  can  fin STYLE=superscript  n  e  d  1 STYLE=superscript  th  kingdom.  (Hear,  hear.)  This  matter  ope  ill  question  of  the  plans  ;  and  until  something'  wa  s STYLE=superscript  it  general  committee  ,  there  was  no  use  in  referring  -  to  °  Committee  of  Works,  because  they  could  eeln  e STYLE=superscript  sion.  -  to  they  were  bette  .  '''  a:  t  d  o  i STYLE=superscript  ga  ]  -  , STYLE=superscript  er  y  [th  at  e  Pr(  au  Li  , STYLE=superscript  The  CHAIRMA  N  said  a  ll  th  a  t  was  wanted  vl  s STYLE=superscript  l  c  ol  the  rental  charged  f  or  thi  s  l  an  d,  an  d  that  wo  w STYLE=superscript  '  the  Committee  of  Works.  Mr.  lo STYLE=superscript  Mr.  HOLME  said  it  was  we  ll  k  now  n  that  pared  plans  some  time  ago  ;  and  he  was  s  atis STYLE=superscript  ,  were  carried  out,lhat  property  would  have  been  0  1 STYLE=superscript  value.  They  were,  h  owever  ,  me  t  by  the  tirabe  said,  if  you  take  this  from  us  you  destroy  us.  th  the  Mr.  SMITH  said  this  land  was  purc  hased  010  tion  of  making  a  d  oc  k,  an  d  indeed  it  was:  e STYLE=superscript  t  her  menced,  and  it  was  only  then  it  was  found,  Th;  away,  the  timber  trade  would  no  longer  renol  o  ioea  age  ground  was  d  es  t  ro  y  e  d,  an  d  th  e  l  an  d  had  re  a  matter  of  absolute  necessity.  m•  th STYLE=superscript  Mr.  EVANS  said  th  a  t,  i  n  d  epen  d  en  t  o  f  purebritoge  111 STYLE=superscript  perty,  £70,000  had  been  given  for  an  angle  01,—  the  .1  Mr.  Holme  talked  of  the  necessity  of  en  coursil  e  ,  pt  and  how  ?  by  giving  a  b  oun  t  y  i  n  t  h  e  f  or  m  °'  t  hey  t'  ) STYLE=superscript  most  approved  spot  m  th  e  w  h  o  l  e  por  t  .  Were,  it,A/i  their  land  at  3-Bth  s  as  l  ong  as  th  e  t  i  m  b  er  105  F  as  others  were  getti  ng  more  ?  If  t  h  e  tra  d  e  0- STYLE=superscript  o'  , STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  high  rate  from  private  individuals  it  ought  to  0  the  dock  estate.  tot  The  CIIAIRMAN  said,  when  the  committee  with  the  general  plans,  then  the  whole  quo  gone  into.  -  Mr.  EVANS  said  this  was  an  everyday  and  ought  to  be  looked  to  at  once.  Mr.  STEELE  reminded  the  committee,  t  b STYLE=superscript  trade  required  no  sheds,  and  open  ground  COu  for  at  the  same  rate  as  enclosed  property.  t  Mr.  EVANS  thought  open  yards  were  of  gl'e  a STYLE=superscript  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  COURT  OF  PASS  GE.—YEs  2 STYLE=superscript  E  r STYLE=superscript  Qf  Jll  t.  (Before  EDWARD  JAMES,  ESQ.,  Q.C.,  At  the  sitting  of  the  court,  yesterday  mornlail  ing  of  Davies  v.  Peers,  was  resumed.  The  the  plaintiff  for  the  amount  claimed,  Xl5O.  FALSE  IMPRISONMENT.—GreenfieId  v.  Syka',  jury  was  empannell  e  d  t  o  t  ry  thi  s  act  i  on,  whic  h  ,  -. STYLE=superscript  *Cy  circumstances  with  which  th  e  p  u  bli  c  are  well  31:  f STYLE=superscript  e  It  will  be  remembered  that  on  the  night  of  ti  le STYLE=superscript  Sc4  t STYLE=superscript  he  May,  the  window  of  M  r  .  S  y  k  es  '  h  ouse,  in  e  e  ,  street,  was  broken,  a  n  d  f  our  b  o  t  t  l  es  o  f  c  hampag  n STYLE=superscript  ;  h  F  a  of  brandy  abstracted  th  roug  h  th  e  aperture.  r°lolhip  stances  which  came  to  his  knowledge,  Mr.  Syk  e STYLE=superscript  4  r  ,.  '  believe  that  the  plaintiff,  M  r  .  G  reen  fi  e  ld  ,  and  a  10,1  parts  t( STYLE=superscript  a  pawnbroker  in  Dale-  s  t  ree  t,  were  o  f  t  h  e  Par,  '  IR,,  nutted  the  injury  ;  and,  on  th  e  day  following,  Greenfield  into  the  cu  s  t  o  dy  o  f  a  po  li  ceman  ,'  all,'  th  t  eo  a  taken  off  to  bridewell.  N  ex  t  morn  i  ng  ,  M  r  .  Gl'o  brought  before  the  magistrate  at  the  police  °,  O  l  was  discharged,  the  magistrate  being  of  opinion  h  ,  t  o  ktte  fr,  was  no  felony  in  the  ca  se  .  A  n  ac  ti  on  was  then  tIB  I STYLE=superscript  ,N  the  county  court,  by  Mr.  Sykes  against  Mr.  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  e STYLE=superscript  eeipL'  recover  the  value  of  the  gl  ass  ,  w  i  ne  ,  an  d  brandy;,  evidence  was  so  positive  and  conflicting,  that  the  l  e  1  8  .  40 STYLE=superscript  ti  the  consent  of  both  pa  r  tie  s  ,  re  f  erre  d  t  h  e  case  to  to.  o  of  a  jury.  It  was  acc  or  di  ng  l  y  b  roug  h  t  b  e  f  o  re  aJ,  A  e STYLE=superscript  cl  o  tt  ,  after  a  lengthened  and  m  os  t  p  a  ti  en  t  hearillgi,  '  was  found  for  the  def  en  d  an  t  s  .  A  n  d  no  w  t&#34;'  action  was  hrought  by  Mr.  Greenfield,  t  o  recover  •!  '  l STYLE=superscript  4ed  ta  (laid  on  the  declaration  at  £100)  for  the  false  ing  t, STYLE=superscript  O  ‘c  t  tr  fth  c  o.  committed  as  against  him  by  M  r  .  Syk  es  .  Mr.  Aspinall  and  M  r  .  B  re  t  t  ,  i  nstructe  d  by  e  L STYLE=superscript  Lic  appeared  for  the  plaintiff;  and  Mr.  Minya%  wve  recapitulated  S  t  t  e  e  lidyd  ph  ethh  e  a  n  esdh  ,  fo  i  at  ns  uichteds  tru  oprf  c  laine  t  tn  e  hd  d  eet  b  ireff  y  asi,t  M  en,w  e  ehw  ss  coe  ri.  scahr  :  y  o  ,raa  b  hras  ins  ee  'n,  as  were  for  the  defendant.  Mr.  Aspinall,  in  his  s STYLE=superscript  '  44 STYLE=superscript  t•  marised  above,  and  observed  that  if  the  course  tw STYLE=superscript  „i4  t  t  h  h  a  e  t  o  n  th  o  e  t  r  on  s  employed  by  the  corporation,  not  committed  the  felony  it  could  not  be  called,  which  led  to  his  imp  n  f  but  that  he  was  far  away  from  the  spot  at  the  ti  e- STYLE=superscript  currence.  1:  1:14  :8  t  eR  414  ,  I  b  1 STYLE=superscript  '  74s  v STYLE=superscript  ictor  k.  -  ~1  .  e  it  Police  Officer  Anthony  Slack  was  th  en  aau''l  ng  '  o STYLE=superscript  Alexi  deposed  to  having  arrested  th  e  pl  a  i  n  tiff,  a  t  the  me  -  - STYLE=superscript  .  .  c  the  defendant,  on  th  e  I  s  t  o  f  l  as  t  June.  ~:.-  denied  that  he  had  broken  the  glass,  and  pay  f  or  th  e  d  amage.  6  ,  (  0  Ik  e  Mr.  John  Nicholl,  bridew  11  kee  per,  as  then  41  111  9.  54 STYLE=superscript  He  deposed  to  having  been  net  t STYLE=superscript  uebrideWell  Wbell STYLE=superscript  17 STYLE=superscript  '26 STYLE=superscript  2  ' STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  tiff  was  brought  there,  and  to  there  being  some  re  %  11  ,  -4  to  take  the  charge  as  it  was  first  tendered.  ETe  ll STYLE=superscript  l  ,  O  4 STYLE=superscript  10. STYLE=superscript  f  ,'  a  Sykes  charged  the  plaintiff  with  having  broken  00  4 STYLE=superscript  ,21'.&#34;,?  '  and  taken  the  wine,  and  the  charge  so  made  We  '9.'  ft'  ' STYLE=superscript  14  , STYLE=superscript  1  , STYLE=superscript  .  corded,  and  the  plaintiff  locked  up.  eS'  ;1  1  t  1 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Millward  then  addressed  the  jury  for  the  d  e STYLE=superscript  c  o  rs  ,  tt  io  a(l  while  admitting  the  imprisonment  of  the  plaintlu/  o  se  'kr  :1)  that  the  defendant  was  fully  justified  in  the  e°  oft  ,°  4  he  had  adopted  iu  the  matter.  He  would  s  hoW.  r  d  6  ai  a  „,  Sykes  had  every  reason  to  believe  that  the  P  l STYLE=superscript  A  el STYLE=superscript  l  i  tifi  Lk  , STYLE=superscript  guilty  of  the  offence  with  which  he  had  charg  e STYLE=superscript  ,tittl,  1,  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  11;',  if  he  (counsel)  succeeded  in  satisfying  the  jurY  ° STYLE=superscript  '„  l  ii7  .  Rt  B STYLE=superscript  ,  he  felt  assured  that  their  verdict,  should  it  De  &#34;&#34;'  60,1'  4 STYLE=superscript  41  client,  would  be  for  a  very  small  amount.  1  11. STYLE=superscript  16 STYLE=superscript  '  1 STYLE=superscript  6'  s; STYLE=superscript  (  Reilly,  the  watchman,  on  whose  information  W  as  v  10  14,  th,  had  been  arrested,  was  then  about  to  be  exarnin  ed STYLE=superscript  ,do  '  :;1  4  ;  fi  l  fact  of  Mr.  Greenfield  being  one  of  the  parts,  v.  blit,  :  I  b  ti STYLE=superscript  llei  Mr.  Sykes's  window,  and  abstracted  the  wine;  o  0  '00:  •  Aspinall  objected  to  the  evidence.  A  lengtheneu  ;  4,  1  ,„'  41 STYLE=superscript  8.,  cussion  ensued  between  the  professional  gentlenlet  1  '-'44  1  side,  as  to  the  admissibility  of  the  evidence.  I STYLE=superscript  le  '  Assessor  allowed  the  objection,  but  reserved  to  the  t  i  l  e'  the  right  of  moving  in  the  matter  nest  term  1  11 STYLE=superscript  6  1  1 STYLE=superscript  I  above.—Mr.  Sykes  was  the  n  a  b  ou  t  t  o  b  e  exan,,,  e  'ht.f  what  Reilly  told  him,  b  u  t  a  lik  e  o  bj  ect  i  on  wa  s  o  0  evidence  and  allowed.  —M  r  .  Aspinall  th  e  n  replied  -  dente  ;  and  the  jury,  after  a  brief  deliberation,  r  e STYLE=superscript  verdict  for  the  plaintiff—£4o  damages.  Rurrma  V.  Locu.—A  special  jury  was  also  en  i STYLE=superscript  S  i STYLE=superscript  rb,',  in  this  case.  M  r  .  A  s  pi  na  ll  and  Mr.  Simon,  instill,  .  e STYLE=superscript  ,  5  11'  Yates,  jun..,  were  for  the  pl  a  i  n  tiff  ;  an  d  Mr.  nuu:j  i  , STYLE=superscript  6 STYLE=superscript  e  j  Millward,  instruct  e  d  b  y  M  essrs.  Lace  &amp;  Co.,  aPp  °9 STYLE=superscript  %,  - STYLE=superscript  09,  defendant.  The  plaintiff  i  s  Eli  za  b  et  h  R  u  ther,  t  o  ll  George  Ruther,  a  n  d  s  h  e  b  roug  h  t  the  present  ac'-ber  Lord  Campbell's  act,  to  recover  compensation  AIL  a  lO  band's  loss  (his  death  having  been  caused,  as  it  o STYLE=superscript  .  .„a'def  by  the  negligence  of  the  def  en  d  an  t  s  '  serva  nts)  w'  r  following  circumsta  nces  :  Th  e  deceased  was  a  car  te STYLE=superscript  '  O  4  very  large  family  ;  and  the  defendant  is  one  o  f  the  4e  4  of  the  Duke  of  Bridgewater's  estate,  and  r  epres,e  w  o  h  l STYLE=superscript  election,  the  body  in  thi  s  ac  ti  on  .  Th  e  d  ece  ased  !  ployed  on  the  21st  of  July  last,  to  fetch  some  g  e° STYLE=superscript  o  ll  one  of  the  Duke  of  Bridgewater's  warehouses,  the,  0  , STYLE=superscript  to  which  is  through  a  gate.  Wh  en  h  e  go  t  there  u  e STYLE=superscript  ,  e  ise  his  horse  through  the  ga  t  e  ,  an  d  b  e  f  ore  he  cou  ld  re  c STYLE=superscript  oil,  goods  which  were  about  to  be  delivered  to  him,  he STYLE=superscript  i  t  os  l STYLE=superscript  A  casion  to  remove  a  cask  whi  c  h  h  e  h  a  d  w  i  t  h  him'  sr  end  of  the  lorry  to  th  e  o  th  er  .  H  e  accor  di  ng  ly  tau  el  named  Burgess  to  assist  him,  and  whil  e  th  e  y  were  i  in  removing  the  c  as  k,  th  e  servants  of  the  trus  tees  Of  )  let  go  the  bale  which  was  about  to  be  delivered  1  1  0  ceased,  and  down  it  celiac  ca  ..hing  in  its  swing  t  he  fearfully,  and  causing  his  ' STYLE=superscript  instantaneous  death.  12 STYLE=superscript  +.  0  of  the  defendant,  it  was  contended  that  the  accidenci  was  certainly  to  be  deplored,  had  not  been  calls  e STYLE=superscript  negligence  of  his  servants.  It  was  one  of  those  j/  which  might  at  any  time  occur,  and  if  any  party  ill  lid  were  guilty  of  carelessness  it  was  the  decease'  r  4  l  )  After  deliberating  for  about'  half  an  hour,  the  Pil  l  di  i  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  £250  damages,  which  t,t'  h  's  t  according  to  the  direction  of  the  As  5-  l STYLE=superscript  u  Assessor,  r  oe  widow,  and  1-10th  to  each  of  the  five  children.,4  sor  observed  that  the  d  amages  were  l  a  id  i  n  the  lid  PI  at  only  £2OO,  and  he  did  not  think  that  the  jury  I  t  bell  more.  Mr.  Aspinall  con  t  en  d  e  d  th  at  the  Court  a STYLE=superscript  r  0  of  amendment  in  such  cases.  The  Ass  es  sor  °°-  to  ~  ,/  allowed  the  verdict  to  stand,  intimating,  howev  e STYLE=superscript  ll,4  Blair,  that  it  would  be  reduced  to  the  original  ,e  F`  the  ourt,  on  consideration,  conceived  it  had  net  „i  of  amendment.  id  ,  15  TAYLOR  V  FINDLAY.—M  r  .  A  st  i  n  ,  i  nstructe  d  by  -'ite  .  r  s  i  hurst,  appeared  for  th  e  pl  a  i  nt  iff  ;  and  Sir  G  e  orge  pp  . STYLE=superscript  ,  instructed  by  Mr.  Grocott,  for  the  defendant.  Theft  is  a  commission  agent  ,  D  u  k  e  -  street,  and  the  de'  e STYLE=superscript  j  e  publican,  Cleveland-square;  and  the  action  waa  ''.  o  bi  recover  £6.  2s.  6d.,  comm  i  ss  i  on  d  ue  to  the  p  lair  t  for  defendant,  for  havi  ng  p  rocure  d  hi  m  a  house.  V  e  ruic  plaintiff.  Fro'  Iv  ti,  e  zn  i  [4  04  or  thl,  ,  .'ll'ic',°4  k  ' STYLE=superscript  ltlfY  t  4  \'  '  Nt  t  •  ar,  q  tU  ' STYLE=superscript  a  g4  i STYLE=superscript  lltkr:  .  o  h  , STYLE=superscript  .  f3f  s  ,  ‘ STYLE=superscript  l,  .h  'l4  4 STYLE=superscript  0  /tek  thtic  e  ,,  rih,  -,,  44  t STYLE=superscript  liA  11 STYLE=superscript  .  t  tl  t  k  di  s  %  11 STYLE=superscript  c)lik  t STYLE=superscript  kt  k STYLE=superscript  k%  t STYLE=superscript  14  44 STYLE=superscript  '  )I  • STYLE=superscript  Nt  84 STYLE=superscript  0.  It  e  ,  t  t‘j STYLE=superscript  011  ri  N  ''  'I,  .1'  ',  I  ,  It  '  ,  k  e  .  1V...)  LECTURE  ON  THE  PILGRIM  FATII  Yesterday  evening  the  R  ev  .  Mr  .  BnowN  aga-;  „  p  — STYLE=superscript  iieriv  ii  ais  lecture,  illustrative  of  the  career  of  the  t.  in  the  Concert  Hall,  Lord  Nelson  - STYLE=superscript  s  t STYLE=superscript  ';  cre  i  s  lecture  was  first  deli  vere  d  on  last  Tuesday  to  a  v  e STYLE=superscript  '  fis  izrS  i  t!  audience,  and  though  its  nove  lty  was  th  us  i  n  a  '  ne STYLE=superscript  t  - STYLE=superscript  Di  v STYLE=superscript  lo'  away,  yet  did  not  fail  to  again  attract  on  lasiptr4o  equally,  if  not  a  more  ,  numerous  assem  bl  y  the  C.  r  t  )  (  4'  had  the  enjoyment  of  its  first  hearing.  lqr•  was  in  the  chair;  and  among  the  gentlemen  were,  Mr.  Marples,  M  r  .  J.  R.  J  e  fe  ry  ,  Mr.  -  113— STYLE=superscript  coa  c STYLE=superscript  '  o  r  Mr.  Birell,  Mr.  J.  Fill,  an  d  M  r.  J  ones.  O  n  the  5  ,ecoA/  of  the  lecture,  Mr.  Marples  moved  and  Mr.  Ya  t  tl  e STYLE=superscript  Do  w STYLE=superscript  t,  that  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  be  given  to  3  11 STYLE=superscript  '  motion  which  w  as  c  arr  i  e  d  b  y  acc  l  amat  ion.  l',  ll STYLE=superscript  „  e STYLE=superscript  ,  r  '. STYLE=superscript  117 STYLE=superscript  of  thanks  was  then  g  i  ven  t  o  th  e  c  h  a  i  rma  n,  assembly  separated.  k; STYLE=superscript  1  14 STYLE=superscript  /  1  ' STYLE=superscript  NI'  .  tt STYLE=superscript  ki  kft  ° STYLE=superscript  ~,  0  iorkt  1  ~~  tNt; STYLE=superscript  ~;.~t  _  ANt,  i  '`,t  ll, STYLE=superscript  l,  I,,itt,,  :  fie,  .4,  I\7-OTARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  „  LIVER  POOL  ,  T  HURSDAY  E  V  E  NING.  41g4,,  11 STYLE=superscript  W  on  the  eve  of  another  struggle  tot  d  i STYLE=superscript  :  4l STYLE=superscript  in  the  Liverpool  Corn  Market,  we  ev  c'  better,  for  the  Trade  than  to  bring  to  all  ry  fact  which  can  serve  as  a  beacon  to  ,  Par STYLE=superscript  ties  of  dang  er  ,  an  d  we  now  h  ave  t  o  .  41  :  4 STYLE=superscript  4  the  wheat  c  r  op  s  o  f  th  e  U  n  it  e  d  St  a  t  es  1  1  1)6 STYLE=superscript  „sent  year  is  e  s  ti  ma  t  e  d  a  t  150,000,000  '  l4 STYLE=superscript  '  the  lndian  corn  crop  a  t  800,000,000  le  g  Without  discriminating  between  the  j  il  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  f STYLE=superscript  Which  the  aggregate  will  be  compoSed,  tY  o  sig  A  es  reckon  with  confidence  upon  the  ,siol:  rfl STYLE=superscript  erica  to  export  by  the  Ist  of  July  next  mO,O  O  - STYLE=superscript  a  and  breadstuffs  to  the  amount  of  'and  ~,°l  s STYLE=superscript  •  With  these  facts  staring  us  in  the  it  t  i  t  'vith  enormous  influx  of  bullion  which  is  t STYLE=superscript  urn,  who  can  anticipate  a  scarcety  or  f STYLE=superscript  ss  ee  of  th  e  present  prices  of  grain  ?  Still  effort  was  made  to-day  in  the.  Man-  Nes  produce  ket  t  o  a  large  a  L  dvance  on  ,2y  •  Wheat  was  quoted  4d.  per  70  lbs.;  a,  ',Per  sack  an  d  b  arre  l;  an  d  Oats  ld.  per  e STYLE=superscript  erte  er STYLE=superscript  •  Indian  Corn  was  3s.  per  4801bs.  k4e  4;  110 STYLE=superscript  11  this  day  se'nnight.  (letcy  4  e1 STYLE=superscript  1  )00 STYLE=superscript  1  Cotton  Market  closed  flat,  with  a  lower  prices.  The  sales  were  5000  eh  1,.  1. STYLE=superscript  500  were  taken  for  export.  et  be  Market  was  dull  again  to-day,  with  'oe  l)  qhlsiness.  Prices  receded  a  shade  from  tai  e  14,7rday.  1  . STYLE=superscript  )allot;;  (1 STYLE=superscript  4  Stock  Market  was  also  heavier  rn  ti  l  Ne  t  i  a  l STYLE=superscript  thstanding  the  absence  of  every  cir cirt  t cirt  e STYLE=superscript  Ptit  mat  could  tend  to  produce  uneasiness  „  4th'q,  o  4 STYLE=superscript  `.'nund.  Indian  Stock  was  in  increased  lo  h;  :ta  it  g  to  a  reportthat  the  Court  of  Directors  14  4  :leth  India  Company'have  found  it  necessary  iil  ,  ,lt  oi  e STYLE=superscript  rate  of  interest  .  payable  upon.  the  Com  o  th  us  from  21  to  3f  •  per  cent.  in  order  to  eti  a  a  .  f  eet  t  a  pum.  The  increased  rate  e  4  1 STYLE=superscript  /  9  m  yesterday,  the  26th.  The  . STYLE=superscript  Court  ,  °Lice  that  the  transfer  booka  for,  the  er.  Stock  will  also  be  closed  on  the  6th  and  re-open  on  the  17th  of  January  arato  ry  to  the  payment  of.  the  dividends  of  January.  Consuls  were  done  at  92  8  ,  for  •  Money  and  Account.  Reduced,  3f  per  cents.,  .93i  .931,  931  ;  India  r  eq  to  s  s  .  p  rem  .,  i  n  consequence  of  the  i STYLE=superscript  nterest  ;  India  stock,  -250;  South  Sea  (  9 STYLE=superscript  ;  exchequer  bills;  par  to  3  prem.  k  l  `  l STYLE=superscript  If  o  - STYLE=superscript  7eurities  gen.erallyweie  higher.  Buenos  1  per  cent.  ;  Chilian  bonds,  1t-  per  ,ei- STYLE=superscript  ean,  240  24k;  Sardinian,  912  92k;  th  e  Per  cents.,  higher.  Pied  `  S STYLE=superscript  hare  Market  the  dealers  were  chiefly  :  it STYLE=superscript  h  the  settlement  of  the  account.  Cale-  IV:  2:e  quoted  501  to  51  for  money  and  time.  ,C,Prns  80.  North  Westerns,  102  k  102  k  for  th  e STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  03  for  time.  South  Westerns  74  and  si  e STYLE=superscript  ,  next  account  .  Midland,  592  and  60.  4 STYLE=superscript  h:iares  are  lower  Californian  Mining  e  improved,  Agua  Fria  and  Quartz  ~ne,;  English  and  Scottish  Australian  Allistralian  Agricultural,  341;  Crystal  8  1 STYLE=superscript  prem.  st  advises  received  from  South  Africa  •  tol,  C STYLE=superscript  opy  of  the  colonial  estimates  of  the  atnY  for  1854,  from  which  it  appears  that  m  a STYLE=superscript  ted  expenditure  of  the  colonial  go go-18  -18 go-18  the  ensuing  year  is  275,6911.  ;  the  esti esti  - esti  ;  2:  11 STYLE=superscript  11e  is  228  ,  8121.  The  estimated  revenue  4N  as  263,7001„  whilst  the  actual  revenue  to  t  ,',.  s  as  281,1471  .  The  supplementary  esti esti°:j  °:j esti°:j  '  01 STYLE=superscript  53  were  to  the  extent  of  39,478/,  ;  those  o  t  ,!,ere  33,9961.  The  sum  of  28,0001.  is  lrir  the  estimates  for  the  support,  from  the  O STYLE=superscript  f  the  mounted  Kaffir  police,  and  the  - STYLE=superscript  f  4 STYLE=superscript  Of  Fingoe  militia,  which  has  been  or or-BoftVr  -BoftVr or-BoftVr  the  s  p  ec  i  a  l  protection  of  the  in.habi in.habitll,7  tll,7 in.habitll,7  Eastern  f  r  ontier.  e STYLE=superscript  giv  - STYLE=superscript  MARK  ET  AND  FOREIGN  EXCHANGES,  the  the  current  prices  of  Gold,  as  follows,  to  .4  4  ,  merchant  in  calculating  the  rates  of  kxchange,  by  •  the  actual  current  rates  of  's  last  reported  :  •  co  CI  ,  41 STYLE=superscript  )  7 STYLE=superscript  75.  9d.  ;  Paris,  —;  Hardourgh,—;  Am Am'r  'r Am'r  P.  Vienna,  —;  St.  Petersburg,  ;  Ber Berri)  ri) Berri)  ;  Mil  —;  Constantinopl  e  ,  —;  Alexandric,  —;  Calcutta,  ;  Hong  li  onp  .  l  e  Of  ;i,..  7 STYLE=superscript  45.  9d.  to  —s.  ;  Port  Phillip,  77  5  .  6d;  Adelaide,;  letoria,  775.  6d.  ;  Ovens,  765.  6d.  ;  Montreal,  ---;  nine  ;pArk,  Boston,  £3  17s.  9d.  ;  San  Francisco,  ;  Brazils,  ;  Geelong,  775.  6d.  he  oin  a  return  of  the  Foreign  Exchanges,  4„,  •  ecording  to  the  Londo  n  Mi  n  t  p  r  i  ce  o  f  tt1 STYLE=superscript  i11  •T  t STYLE=superscript  2  ,  69;  1  41,  ' STYLE=superscript  sh  t  o  h  r  e  t,  o  l  u  l  n  l  e  6  e  i  :  t  —  o  17  ;  do,  3  months,  11  18,  /44.4  t  tterdam,  3  m.  11  18t STYLE=superscript  to  —19  i  Antwerp,  1 STYLE=superscript  0:!t3  40  ;  Brussels,  3  m.  25  35  to  405  4 STYLE=superscript  21',  4 STYLE=superscript  0,  4 STYLE=superscript  .  13  61  to  74;  Paris,  short,  25  s  t  o  !'F  r  m.  25  35  to  40  ;  Marseilles,  3m.  25  374;  ,T  r  f  a  'qort,  3m.  1204  to  120  i  ;  Vienna,  3m.  11  11,  '  ''te  3m.  11  18  to  11  22  ;  Petersburgh,  37.;  'rll  '  a  3m.  49Z-  to  50;  Cadiz,  3m.50  to  501,  , STYLE=superscript  ;  I  N  -  a  •  30 STYLE=superscript  10  to  30  20  ;  Genoa,  3m.2545  to  25  50;  S  a  3  1  1 STYLE=superscript  :'  41i  to  42;  Palermo,  3  m.  1241  to  1241;  V  t  o  .12 STYLE=superscript  4  i  to  125  ;  Lisbon,  3  m.  --  to  544;  Oporto,  tto;  R.  Janeiro,  60  days,  28  to  293.-  •  New  Noa  r  ,2--ui  to  110  ;  Boston,  ditto,  —to  ;  Foreign  't  3 STYLE=superscript  17s.  9d.  ;  Mexican  Dollars,  Os.  Od.  ;  Silver  16,  1  45  ;  Vs.  Od.  ;  East  India  Company's  Bills.  House  lobeth,  Os.  Co's  Rupee,  .2s.  41d.  ;  Bombay  do.  6  mo.  1  1 STYLE=superscript  1  4 STYLE=superscript  .;do.,  Madras  2s.  ;  Hong  Kong,  ss.  9d.  to  ey,  30  ds.4dis.,  1  pr.  ;  Adelaide,  30  ds.  1  dis.,  Pt.  '  l  ,  Bt STYLE=superscript  on,  30  ds.,  1  dis.  1  pr.  ;  Hobart  Town,  30  ds•  I  1(4  8  '  v  ellington,  &amp;c.,  15  di.,  1  dis.,  2  pr.  •  Geelong  OQ,'  Pr-  to  .;  exandria,  996  ;  Shangb.ae,  Od.  to  Al  —.  L  ,el;  the  0  to'  qi  ill!':  11th',  g'  s STYLE=superscript  sch°.  ni  on  eo  defi  4111 STYLE=superscript  -  8 STYLE=superscript  '  PRESTON  LOCKOUT.  FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  N  b  ..  ,  .  PRESTON,  THURSDAY.  Ittih2,  U STYLE=superscript  Y  of  men,  who  have  been  .  deprived  of  the  by  the  closing  of  the  mills,  namely,  the  it  iltti  ..  of  ,c  Power-looms,  1  , STYLE=superscript  0  5  , STYLE=superscript  4  7  of  the  public.  p  i  .  c  .1  Issue  an  y  the  overloo  titl,  N STYLE=superscript  iubit  s  of  Preston  A,  2  Priends.---We  have  thrown  themselves  upon  ,  th  T  e  his  morning  the  subjoined  1 STYLE=superscript  1,  1 STYLE=superscript  4  Z.  i STYLE=superscript  der  it  our  duty  to  lay  before  ay  ilich  we  now  stand,  t  ,  .  e  Er  g  e  t  tits  between  the  employer  and  e  ,o  f  nearly  200  of  us  now  out  tt,oo  manymills  being  closed.  tl  it  tlae  r  ,  s STYLE=superscript  plite  .  the  overloo  e  .ittee  power-loomdthe  Public  in  general.  •overlookers  of  the  public  the  as  regards  this  dispue  which  the  employed.  of  employ,  in  con-  At  the  commence commence'  ' commence'  (li STYLE=superscript  N  -4 STYLE=superscript  ,„!ives  into  a  body,  merely  to  assist  those  who  ie  NO  noh  a  r,  through  the  same,  aid  at  the  first  genaral  at  it  was  unanimously  agreed  that,  as  we  t  iloli,Part  in  the  dispute  from  the  commencement,  Ili  tl  7,,Would  be  to  stand  neutral  to  the  end.  r STYLE=superscript  kt  ref STYLE=superscript  ire STYLE=superscript  agreed  that  those  of  our  body  who  were  ti:N  l  T,  lsl STYLE=superscript  ild  be  supported  by  their  more  fortunate  at  %  e STYLE=superscript  V,  those  who  were  in  work,  and  we  are  proud  If'  e STYLE=superscript  i  ,(14t,.  employed  overlookers  of  Preston  and  the  sur surk,,,qQ,,s'ets,  k,,,qQ,,s'ets, surk,,,qQ,,s'ets,  with  a  very  few  exceptions,  came  forward  N  e STYLE=superscript  ,  BB STYLE=superscript  and  generosity  of  spirit  that  gives  credit  to  ~e  t  ,,-,sut  we  are  now  almost  all  thrown  out,  and  0,,  '  reluctantly  compelled  to  look  elsewhere  for  l  1  ,  1  ,  .  4 STYLE=superscript  °Q  el,  be  sOrry  indeed  to  giye  offence  to  any  party,  At  dire  is  to  show  you  the  position  in  which  we  1 STYLE=superscript  1  IN  Q)  a  •  oi  l;  lit  „_  and,  having  dune  so,  we  earnestly  call  upon  ,  Te  some  support,  and  by  so  doing,  you  will  !  ;I',  -  arli  coo STYLE=superscript  o  , STYLE=superscript  tile;  t  .4 STYLE=superscript  '4,  ,  obedient  servants,  '1  OVERLOOKERS  OF  PRESTON.  Cc  i  ‘lt  i  By  order  of  the  •  ti STYLE=superscript  i  llEteti'  S STYLE=superscript  believed  by  some  parties  that  our  body  had  le  ,`  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  ll STYLE=superscript  with  that  body,  calling  themselVes  over overiSi:  iSi: overiSi:  °  0 STYLE=superscript  held  that  meeting  in  St.  Paul's  School School'  ' School'  Ovi  b  e STYLE=superscript  g  to  inform  the  public,  that  we  had  no  41 STYLE=superscript  :  - STYLE=superscript  1tIlat  body  whatever,  but  that  we  are  stand-  Vi  tt  :  uoth  '  L'll  4  ,  ° STYLE=superscript  °  ll STYLE=superscript  the  throstle  spinners  had  a  meeting  at  the  ‘  4 STYLE=superscript  ,,  a  reillbers  of  this  branch  of  the  cotton  trade  are  ‘`,  i STYLE=superscript  'l)q  — STYLE=superscript  ,  t STYLE=superscript  i  e STYLE=superscript  0  destitution.  Last  week,  the  fund  placed  ~,`  p:,  7 STYLE=superscript  „,'  was  only  £6L  2s.  41d.,  out  of  which  the  ',,,'',ty  r  :'  according  to  their  earnings  when  in  work,  clik  A  ,  s STYLE=superscript  '  e STYLE=superscript  diving  Is  - STYLE=superscript  6d.,  whilst  some  only  obtained  9d,  )  1 STYLE=superscript  ,.,&#34;'  th  e  &#34;'  °,l  the  meeting  gave  an  exceedingly  gloomy  A  l STYLE=superscript  /  4  4 STYLE=superscript  \P  a  ,  s STYLE=superscript  'tltation  of  the  throstle  hands..  Those  pre-  Itti)::  it  °f  the  small  sum  per  head  paid  to  the  hands  i  c  ,  l STYLE=superscript  TA  t  74  l.r  . STYLE=superscript  o  \v STYLE=superscript  °  l STYLE=superscript  lld  not  keep  life  in  them  for  a  week.  k  lt  i  t  tl  kt  stle  hands  got  is.  6d,,  others  is.  ford  others  t  h  i  :111:Relent  for  them  to  live  on  week  ?  '.O-o  c  t.  They,  however,  had  entered  the  field,  il)i,,ltNtht  Was  on  or  return  to  work  at  the  old  prices.  A  l STYLE=superscript  4  , STYLE=superscript  §  St‘  l  a  what  they  set  out  for,  and  they  were  XVtl  ia.  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  e  He  had  no  doubt  the  weavers  would  l STYLE=superscript  i  e STYLE=superscript  i  qR,  Otit  al  so  would  would  it  do  them  unless  the  throstle  4,  1  ) STYLE=superscript  ‘;  , STYLE=superscript  ?  o  „°.  4it'tlh4ler  remarks,  the  chairman  introduced  Mr,  6,  1  °,  4 STYLE=superscript  •,tft  belonging  to  the  weavers.  He  said,  he  ,  ‘  N  4'lleir  own  fault  that  the  throstle-spinners  of  tr,  Vt  received  a  larger  amount  of  pecuniary  e STYLE=superscript  et  e  :  v STYLE=superscript  as  for  want  of  advocacy.  He  suggested,  ti  li  ,  a STYLE=superscript  rY  should  communicate  with  the  weavers'  °,llghout  the  country,  requesting  them  to  t  14  - STYLE=superscript  ',  °Y  collecting  from  the  throstle  loom  hands  If  that  were  done,  he  had  no  Itti  t.,,D1)1y7  of  £6O,  they  would  obtain  £l6O.  They  Ssto4,  h  r4  :  3l STYLE=superscript  '  their  share  of  the  public  money  con con'  ' con'  th  t  ,,  t STYLE=superscript  he  „  the  support  of  the  unemployed.  In  krOsti  v  - STYLE=superscript  Peaker  urged  his  hearers  to  be  united  Q  tl.  eS,  and  to  observe  the  law.  The  meeting  h4 STYLE=superscript  r41,-.—___  [;4,1  4 STYLE=superscript  isl  l  ,  l STYLE=superscript  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  i  ils STYLE=superscript  committals  in  all  Ireland  de 'de74t,'  '  1861,  to  17,678,  in  1852,  a  decreaie  PITT-STREET  WARD.  MEETING  LAST  NIGHT.  A  very  numerously  attended  meeting  of  the  supporters  of  Mr.  John  Smith,  was  held  at  half-past  seven  o'clock,  last  night,  at  Mr.  Watson's,  95,  Park-lane,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  steps  to  secure  the  return  of  that  gentleman  as  repre representative  sentative representative  of  the  Pitt-street  Ward,  in  the  Town  Council,  at  the  approaching  election.  The  Chair  was  taken  by  Mr.  M'MILLA.N  . STYLE=superscript  ,  who  was  loudly  cheered.  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  a  very  few  words  stated  the  object  of  the  meeting,  and  in  referring  to  Mr.  Jeffreys,  remarked  that  he  had  not  heard  of  any  public  services  which  that  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  had  performed,  except  that  he  had  been  a  very  effi efficient  cient efficient  man  in  working.for  Forbes  Mackenzie  against  Card Cardwell,  well, Cardwell,  at  the  election  when  he  was  treasurer  for  Pitt-street  Ward,  and  they  all  knew  that  the  treasurer  held  the  most  important  office  in  a  borough  election.  (Hear,  hear,  cheers  and  laughter).  They  had  tried  Mr.  Jeffreys  and  found  him  wanting.  Mr.  Jeffreys  might  say  that  he  was  in  possession  but  that  possession  in  law  was  nine-tenths.  (Laughter).  He  might  I  am  in  possession  of  the  ward,  I  have  the  seat  in  the  council,  and  I  find  it  a  very  comfortable  place,  for  there  are  little  bits  of  good  living  there  as  well  as  some something  thing something  else—(Cheers  :and  laugther)—l  am  there  and  I  will  stop  (Renewed  laughter).  But  he  (the  Chairman)  expected  that  by  their  verdict  that  night  they  would  give  Mr.  Jeffreys  notice  of  ejectment.  (Hear,  hear,  mid  cheers).  The  chairman  then  concluded  by  reading  a  letter  from  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone,  apologising  for  being  unable  to  attend  the  meeting,  and  saying  that  he  heartily  concurred  in  their  object,  and  in  wishing  that  the  ward  should  have  the  bene benefit  fit benefit  of  Mr.  John  Smith's  services.  Mr.  STEEL  proposed  the  first  resolution,  which  was  as  follows  that  as  the  proper  performance  of  the  varied  and  important  duties  of  the  town  council  require  high  intel intelligence,  ligence, intelligence,  and  occupies  much  time,  the  electors  and  not  the  elected  are  the  parties  most  obliged,  and  that  the  public  in interest  terest interest  suffers  greatly,  from  the  prevalence  of  the  practice  of  personal  canvassing  by  the  candidates  for  municipal  honours,  inasmuch  as  it  deprives  the  community  of  the  services  of  the  most  worthy  and  able  citizens,  who,  though  ever  willing  to  take  a  great  part  in  the  management  of  local  affairs,  will  not  ,  accept  the  responsibility  of  a  public  trust  which  is,  as  it  were,  a  personal  favour.'  (Cheers).  Mr.  Steel  dwelt  upon  the  importance  of  putting  a  stop  to  the  practice  of  per personal  sonal personal  canvass,  and  the  suspicion  which  was  actually  created  in  the  minds  of  electors  by  candidates  supplicating  actually  for  their  votes,  because  they  were  forced  to  the  conclusion  that  unless  men  had  some  private  interest  to  serve,  they  would  not  degrade  themselves  to  that  extent  . STYLE=superscript  (Hear,  hear).  In  confirmation  of  his  views,  the  speaker  quoted  amid  loud  cheers,  an  extract  from  a  leading  article  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  t  TIMES  of  Wednesday,  and  a  letter  signed  A  in  the  same  journal,  both  referring  to  the  approaching  municipal  election.  Mr.  Steel  concluded  by  proposing  that  the  resolution  be  adopted.  Mr.  SAMUEL  seconded  the  resolution  in  an  eloquent  speech,  in  which  he  stated  that  he  had  not  one  word  to  say  against,  their  present  representative,  Mr.  Jeffreys,  in  a  personal  view,  and  the  fact  that  he  had  been  elected  to  the  council,  shewed  that  he  must  have  possessed  a  number  of  friends  who  believed  him  worthy  of  the  honour  ;  but  he  conceived  that  Mr.  John  Smith  was  a  man  better  qualified  to  take  a  leading  part  in  public  affairs.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  John  Smith  had  not  gone  round,  cap  in  hand,  to  ask  for  votes,  nor  attended  to  convivial  meetings  for  the  purpose  of  bribing  the  electors  with  bowls  of  punch  or  pipes  of  tobacco.  (Hear,  hear,  cheers  and  laughter).  Mr.  BENNETT  spoke  to  the  resolution,  and  in  the  course  of  his  observations  impressedupon  the  meetingthe  importance  of  obtaining  an  insight  into  the  management  of  the  corporate  funds,  the  advantage  of  putting  an  end  to  the  system  of  personal  canvass,  and  the  claims  which  the  long  and  valuable  services  of  Mr.  Smith  possessed  upon  that  ward  and  the  people  of  Liverpool.  The  CHAIRMAN  put  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  adopted  Mr.  HAYLOCg  proposed  the  second  resolution  That  Mr.  John  Smith's  well-known  public  spirit  and  independence  of  character,  matured  .  judgment,  steady  adherence  to  prin principles,  ciples, principles,  and  great  experience  of  local  affairs,  admirably  qualify  him  for  the  office  of  Town  Councilor,  and  that  gentleman  having  expressed  a  hearty  approval  of  the  principles  em embodied  bodied embodied  in  the  foregoing  resolution,  and  his  willingness  to  serve  his  fellow-townsmen  in  the  council,  if  elected  on  that  basis,  this  meeting  hereby  pledges  itself  to  use  every  honor honorable  able honorable  means  to  secure  his  return.'  (Loud  cheers).  Mr.  M'CLELLAN  seconded  the:resolution,  and  enumerated  the  public  services  which  Mr.  John  Smith  had  conferred  upon  Liverpeol.  He  alluded  to  the  part  which  that  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  had  taken  in  opposing  the  Corn  LaWs,  both  at  the  time  of  their  imposition,  and  during  more  recent  years  ;  his  con continued  tinued continued  advocacy  of  civil  and  religious  liberty  which  he  had  evinced  by  the  active  manner  he  had  laboured  for  the  removal  of  the  disqualifications  under  which  their  ItOman  Catholic  and  Di  sse  nting  brethren  suffered  ;  his  assistance  i  n  obtaining  the  municipal  reform,  by  which  they  were  enabled  that  night  to  take  a  part  in  the  election  of  a  representative  ;  his  efforts  for  the  advancement  of  education,  which  ,were  so  remarkable  that  he  was  called  upon  to  deliver  his  lectures  upon  infant  education  in  the  presence  of  the  court  and  of  royalty,  and  the  many  other  past  services  which  he  had  been  instrumental  in  conferring,  not  alone  upon  Liverpool,  but  upon  the  empire  at  large.  The  speaker  concluded,  amid  loud  cheers,  by  seconding  the  adoption  of  the  resolution.  _  The  CHAIRMAN  put  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  with  acclamation.  Mr.  JOHN  SMITH  was  then  introduced,  and  greeted  with  the  most  enthusiastic  bursts  of  cheering,  which  were  again  and  again  renewed.  He  proceeded  to  express  his  thanks  to  the  meeting,  individually  and  collectively,  for  the  flattering  manner  in  which,  he  understood,  the  resolution  had  been  passed,  and  their  personal  kindness.  The  requisition  which  had  been  presented  to  him  was  one  of  which  he  considered  Franklin  himself  might  be  proud,  for  it  enumerated  princi principles  ples principles  which  were  dear  to  every  man  who  thought  for  himself,  and  it  was  these  principles  alone,  he  could  assure  them,  which  induced  him  to  allow  his  name  to  be  connected  with  the  ensuing  election.  He  could  say,  with  all  the  sincerity  of  which  he  was  capable,  that  he  was  not  personally  desirous  of  a  seat  in  the  Town  Council  of  Liverpool.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  had  in  his  early  life  served  upon  all  the  great  boards  of  the  town,  so  that  a  public  office  was  not  an  object  to  him,  and  he  would  rather  live  in  retirement,  as  he  had  done  for  some  years  past;  than  again  go  into  public  life.  But  they  had  asked  him  for  the  use  of  his  name  to  fight  a  particular  battle  of  principle,  and  he  could  not  refuse  that  battle.  (Cheers.)  As  regarded  his  own  personal  feeling,  he  could  say  with  more  truth  than  any  aspirant  for  the  office  of  a  bishop,  nolo  episcopari—(cheers  and  laughter)---but  yet  no  one  could  more  heartily  than  he  wish  them  God  speed  in  the  experiment  they  were  about  to  try.  They  were  anxious  to  put  their  representative  in  the  position  of  being  their  chosen  man,  in  such  a  position  that  they  should  feel  independent  of  him,  and  he  of  them,  except  so  far  as  public  duty  united  them.  It  was  indeed  time  that:constituencies  should  be  the  selectors  themselves,  of  those  who  were  to  be  their  trustees  in  the  discharge  of  public  duty  (hear,  hear).  It  was  to  be  lamented,  it  was  to  be  deprecated,  that  men  of  honesty  and  reputation,  supposed  to  possess  sufficient  enlightenment  for  a  public  station,  should  be  compelled,  as  the  fashion  had  for  centuries  been,  to  go  about  asking  as  if  it  were  a  favour  to  be  altowed  to  go  and  do  the  people  some  good  somewhere  (hear,  hear,  and  cheers).  It  must  excite  suspicion  sometimes.  He  would  not  for  a  moment  insinuate  the  slighteSt  dereliction  of  principle  upon  the  part  of  the  present  candidates  for  public  favour;  but  the  system  was  one  which  ought  to  be  put  an  end  to,  as  was  proposed  by  the  men  of  Pitt-street Pitt-streetward  ward Pitt-streetward  (cheers).  What  would  they  think  of  a  man  'who  went  round  using  every  influence,  and  begging  to  be  named  the  executor  of  some  person  of  property  about  to  die  ?  He  should  be  very  much  astonished  if  any  one  would  listen  to  such  an  appeal  as  that  without  beginning  to  button  up  his  pockets  (cheers,  and  laughter).  What  would  they  think  of  a  man  catering  about  and  soliciting  to  be  appointed  agent  of  a  farm,  a  plantation,  or  a  mercantile  establishment,  saying  he  would  do  all  for  noth;n  o  ,  clie  manage management  ment management  of  the  money  ?  (Laughter.)  Every  one  would  feel  that  such  a  proceeding  excited  suspicion.  (Hear,  hear)  Every  man  was  supposed  to  be  present  in  the  council  chamber,  or  in  the  house  of'  commons,  where  he  was  represented—that  was  an  axiom  of  our  excellent  constitution—but  as  they  could  not  all  be  actually  present  themselves,  they  should  select  persons  to  represent  them,  and  the  way  in  which  to  choose  a  person  Wineh  should  be  above  all  suspicion,  was  to  place  him  in  the  position  they  wished  him  to  accept,  free  from  pledges  of  any  kind,  free  from  the  necessity  of  solicita solicitation  tion solicitation  upon  his  side,  and  from  any  expense  whatever.  If  they  did  that  their  representative,  finding  that  he  had  not  pur purchased  chased purchased  his  position,  would  have  no  excuse  for  selling  it,  no  excuse  for  making  it  advantageous  to  himself,  directly  or  indirectly.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  if,  in  addition  to  the  trouble  of  going  round  and  soliciting  office,  cringing  and  begging  for  it,  they  found  a  man  spending  his  money  to  get  into  it,  what  were  they  to  think,  then,  but  that  he  must  have  some  great  object,  either  of  money  or  of  ambition,  to  serve,  for  which  he  was  making  them  the  stepping-stone—the  ladder  by  which  to  climb—and  they  all  knew  how  such  ladders  were  knocked.down,  when  those  who  had  mounted  to  the  top  had  no  further  occasion  for  them.  (Cries  of  hear,  and  loud  cheers.)  There  were  situations  of  emolument  for  which  men  might  openly  offer  themselves,  and  which,  if  they  were  qualified,  it  was  an  honourable  ambition  to  seek  for,  and  the  man  who  did  his  duty  diligently,  zealously,  and  conscien conscienciously,  ciously, conscienciously,  in  snob  a  capacity,  did  a  service  to  the  public  as  well  as  to  himself,  uniting  self-interest  with  public  interest,  while  plodding  through  the  routine  of  his  duty.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  this  was  not  what  was  aimed  at  in  their  requisition,  which  contained  principles  that  should  be  held  up  m  every  Ward,  and  every  constituency,  and  if  their  example  was  fol followed  lowed followed  it  would  certainly  lead  to  one  of  the  largest  reforms  in  the  position  of  the  representatives  and  the  constituencies  which  could  possibly  be  carried,  and  there  was  no  calculating  the  amount  of  purity  and  virtue  with  which  it  would  invest  all  future  legislation.  (Cheers.)  '  They  would  _promote,  at  the  same  time,  their  own  interests  and  the  welfare  of  the  community  in  which  they  were  placed.  The  speaker  then  proceeded  to  speak  on  the  public  improvements  which  he  would  advocate  in  the  council.  There  was  not  much  wis wisdom  dom wisdom  shewn  in  that  matter  heretofore.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  filling  up  of  the  old  docks,  and  immediately  taking  masses  of  high-rented,  and  high-rated  property  for  the  purpose  of  making  another  set  of  docks  close  by  the  spot  where  the  old  docks,  were,  did  not  seeps  very  easily  explained.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  first  improvement  which  Qught  to  be  aimed  at,  was  a  street  from  St.  James's  Church  to  the  river.  That  over overtopped  topped overtopped  in  value  all  other  improvements  which  he  had  heard  of;  and  would  make  Castle-street  one  of  the  finest  streets  in  Europe.  (Hear,  hear.)  Another  improvement  which  he  would  advocate  was,  that  they  should  pay  a  little  more  liberally  the  poor  hard  working  employees  of  the  Council,  which  might  very  well  be  coupled  with  giving  rather  less  salary  for  the  purpose  of  increasing  the  luxuries  and  comforts  of  those  who  had  luxuries  and  comforts  sufficient  already.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  Mr.  Smith  then  concluded  by  declaring  that  he  now  stood  as  regarded  principle,  where  *he  had  'begun,  and  could  adopt  with  propriety  and  consistency  the  motto  of  the  Earl  of  Derby  sans  changer.  (Cheers.)  He  should  end  his  career  where  he  begun,  a  firm,  faithful,  honest,  and  honourable  ad advocate  vocate advocate  of  everything  which  could:aid  human  progress  human  enlightenment,  and  human  happiness.  (Loud  cheers.)  Mr.  TiIOiIPSON  having  _addressed  ,the  meeting  in  support  •  f  Mr.  Smith,  _  _  A  special  vote  of  thanks  was  given  to  Mr.  Smith  for  the  readiness  with  which  he  had  responded  to  the  call.  of  the  requisit  ion.  Thanks  were  also  voted  to  the  chairman,  after  which  the  meeting  separated.  THE  LL  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
