text
"WEST  INDIA  MAIL,  We  yesterday  announced,  by  the  publication  of  a  telegraphic  despatch,  the  arrival  of  the  mail  steam-ship  Atrato  at  Southampton  with  the  West  Indian  mails.  We  have  since  received  the  following,  FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.  The  last  dates  of  the  Atrato  are  as  follows  :  —Vera  Cruz  and  Greytown,  Jan.  4  ;  Colon,  Jan.  8  ;  Havanna  and  Jamaica,  Jan.  10  ;  Hayti,  Jan.  11;  Demerara,  Jan.  9  ;  St.  Thomas,  Jan.  16.  The  Atrato  brings  in  spade  254,502  dollars  in  silver,  and  445,393  dollars  in  gold  ;  Plata  peria,  £4,404  ;  jewellery,  £240  ;  and  pearls,  £4OO.  The  general  cargo  consists  of  504  bags  cocoa,  112  bales  bark,  10  serons  cochineal,  127  cases  cigars,  71  bales  tobacco,  and  78  cases  sundries.  No  specie  was  taken  on  board  at  Vi  ra  Cruz,  arid  neither  mails  or  specie  were  received  at  Tampico  in  consequence  of  the  boisterous  weather  prevalent  there,  The  Atrato  brings  the  fallowing  passengers  t—Mr,  Pur  '  , STYLE=superscript  old.  Mr.  Rod  r  i  guez  an  d  w  i  fe  ,  M  r  .  MP,  Mrs.  Thurlby,  Mr.  G.  Tighe,  Mr.  W.  A.  Jones,  Mr.  Ordaz,  Senr.  Lozana,  Spanish  minister,  Mr.  Aumigole,  Mr.  d'Elor  ly,  Senr.  and  Sena.  Canas,  Mr.  Lemaitre,  Mr.  Gomez,  Miss  L.  and  D.  Fe  is,  Miss  Rosa,  Mr.  Dieudoistne,  Mr.  Beauvallet,  senr.,  Mr.  Beauvallet,  jr.,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Latouche,  Mr.  Felik,senr  Ur  Felix,  jr.,  Mr.  Cherry,  senr.,  Mr.  Cherry,  jr.,  Mr.  Palletier,  Major  Murray,  Ist  West  India  regiment;  Captain  and  Mrs.  Tuitc,  67th  refit.  ;  Captain  and  Mrs.  Synge,  67th  regt,  ;  Lieut.  Mallon,  69th  refit.  ;  Lieut.  Codrington,  R.N.  ;  Lieut.  Knevett,  R.N.  ;  Archdeacon  Courtnav,  Mr.  Gayleard,  Mr.  Brandon,  Mr.  James  Forbes,  Ass'stant  Engineer,  8.N.,  Mr.  Hoare,  Mr.  Miller,  Made.  Roger,  Mr.  de  la  Vera,  Mr.  Payne,  Mr.  Henderson,  Mr.  Girardat,  Mr.  Carasco,  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Lacave,  Mr.  Viviro,  Mr.  Charles,  and  two  distressed  British  seamen.  From  the  Islands  we  learn  that  the  new  Governor  of  Barbadoes,  the  Hon.  Mr.  Hineks,  lady,  family,  and  suite,  arrived  at  St.  Thomas  in  the  steamer  from  Halifax,  and  await  the  departure  of  th'  packet  on  the  18th  to  proceed  to  his  government.  Sir  W.  Colebroke,  the  ex-Governor  is  exnected  to  leave  by  next  mail.  The  islands  are  all  healthy,  except  Porto  Rico,  and  there  the  cholera  is  raging  to/a  great  extent.  Advices  from  Mexico,  dated  Jan  2,  inform  us  that  Gen.  Comonfort,  the  present  President,  has  succeeded  in  com compelling  pelling compelling  the  late  President,  Alvarez,  to  fly  to  the  mountains  with  his  Indian  friends.  General  Uraga  is  at  the  head  of  a  force  in  opposition  to  Comonfort.  The  present  government  is  constituted  as  follows  :—Don  Luis  de  la  Rosa,  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs  ;  Don  Payno,  Minister  of  Finance  ;  General  Yaues,  Minister  of  War  ;  Don  de  la  Fragua,  Minister  of  Home  ;  and  Don  Montes,  Minister  of  Juestice.  This  is  the  third  President  since  the  flight  of  Santa  Anna,  and  his  government,  it  is  expected,  will  last  no  longer  than  that  of  his  predecessor.  The  country  is  in  a  very  unsettled  state,  and  anarchy  and  confusion  appear  to  exist  in  every  way.  REVIEW  OF  THE  MARKETS.  KINGSTON,  JAN.  10.  ALEWIVES:  The  receipts  being  very  limited,  sales  hare  been  made  at  265.  BurrEE:  Sales  of  Irish  at  14d  to  15d;  American  121  d.  BEEF  :  Smith's  family  sold  at  535.  BREAD:  The  market  is  yet  inundated  with  bread  and  crackers.  We  have  stock  enough  to  last  four  months.  CORNMEAL  :  Sales  have  been  made  at  235.:  CANDLES  :  Imports  have  been  very  large  lately,  and  sales  at  10d  to  10id  in  small  lots.  COFFEE  le  wanted.  Sales  at  38s  to  40s.  CODFISH  has  been  dull  of  sale  at  15s  in  tierces  ;  boxes  have  moved  off  more  readily  at  19s  to  20s.  100  tierces  which  were  on  hands  a  few  weeks,  sold  at  prices  not  allowed  to  transpire,  but  supposed  to  be  135.  Two  entire  cargoes,  and  portions  of  two  others  remain  on  the  consignees'  hands.  CHEESE  :  D.G.  is  worth  15d.  FLOUR  :  There  is  a  total  absence  of  speculative  feeling,  and  the  article  can  only  be  moved  in  small  quantities  for  immediate  use,  chiefly  at  495.  Sales  of  .500  barrels,  some  time  in  the  island,  at  48s.  HERRINGS  :  and  have  been  moved  at  24s  and  20s  respectively;  but  as  the  receipts  have  far  exceeded  the  consumption,  there  is  a  large  stock  in  receivers'  hands,  for  which  buyers  refuse  to  pay  those  prices,  and  also  decline  to  name  others,  being  themselves  amply  supplied  for  their  present  requirements.  HAMS  :  American  of  best  quality  is  at  91d  to  10d.  LARD  •  Sales  of  300  kegs  American,  at  10d.  .  LumnEu  :  An  over  stock  of  W.  P.;  and  the  quotation  of  85s  is  only  nominal.  W.  C.  shingles  of  good  quality  are  worth  225.  MALT  :  Steck  is  now  light.  MACKEREL  :  26s  in  cario.  The  price  which  has  lately  prevailed  is  not  now  obtainable,  owing  to  the  receipts  being  much  in  excess  of  demand.  OiL  :  Cod  in  cargo  at  43,  but  alone,  at  a  higher  figure.  PORK  :  Limited  sales  in  mess  at  112  s,  and  101  barrels  at  110  s.  RICE  :  A  lot  of  about  2,000  bags  is  held  by  one  party,  sales  in  small  quantities  at  20s.  RIME  :  Sales'at  33  741  to  33  91  per  gallon.  SALMON:  Sales  of  No.  1  Halifax,  of  prime  quality,  112  s.  SALT  :  For  2000  sacks,  Liverpool  stored,  put  up  at  public  sale  yesterday,  only  Os  6d  was  hid;  but  we  have  heard  of  sales  in  moderate  quantities  at  7s  to  Bs.  SOAP  :  221  and  21s  for  60  and  50  lbs.  crown,  and  14s  for  481bs  fe;  , STYLE=superscript  e.er,  are  the  prices  asked  for  recent  receivals  of  both  Steele's  and  Casey's  ;  but  there  is  still  several  hundred  boxes  in  the  hands  of  purchasers  at  the  former  low  prices,  which  must  first  be  consumed  before  this  ad advance  vance advance  can  be  obtained.  SUGAR  :  Sales  at  20s  to  254,  according  to  quality.  ExcuArrans—On  London.  Jamaica,  and  Colonial  Banks  —9O  days,  1  per  cent.  premium  ;  60  days,  1  per  cent.  premium  ;  30  days,  2  per  cent.  premium.  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE.  ARRIVED  AT  KINGSTON.—Dec.  31,  barque  Agnes,  from  Cardiff,  58  days,  with  coals.  Jan.  2,  barque  Glencairn,  from  Cardiff,  39  days,  with  coals.  Dec.  31,  barque  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  from  Liverpool,  45  days,  with  general  cargo.  Jan.  2,  ship  Jane,  from  Newport,  45  days,  coals.  Bremen  barque  Charlotte,  from  Newport,  32  days,  coals.  ANNUAL  REVIEW  OF  THE  MARKETS.  We  quote  the  following  from  De  Cordoua's  Mercantile  Intelligencer  KINGSTON,  JAN.  10.  —The  year  1855  has  not  been  a  brilliant  one  fbr  our  importers  of  foreign  stuffs,  still,  taking  it  as  a  whole,  we  look  upon  it  as  a  fair  average.  The  excess  in  the  importation  of  flour  this  year  over  that  of  last,  amounts  to  about  1,500  barrels,  and  the  lowest  figure  for  that  article,  which  we  have  reported,  is  46s  ;  at  which  price  the  market  was  cleared  on  speculation  in  the  beeinninz  of  November.  The  highest  sale  we  have  quoted  is  60i,  and  the  average  price  of  flour  has  been  51s.  The  stock  on  hand  at  the  commencement  of  1856  was  not  large,  consequently  the  consumption  kept  pace  with  the  supply,  which  was  hardly  to  be  expected  from  the  abundance,of  ground  provisions  with  which  we  were  blessed.  Meal  is  an  article  which  has  gone  more  out  of  consump.  tion  with  us  than  any  other  we  could  mention,  and  the  demand  for  it  apparently  grows  less.  With  an  importa importation  tion importation  of  only  5012  barrels  against  12,366  in  1853,  the  market  throughout  the  year  has  been  dull  and  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  heavy,  and  a  large  proportion  of  sales  has  been  made  considerably  under  the  cost  of  importation.  RlCE.—Bengal  and  Patna  have  met  with  full:demand  and  generally  been  sold  at  remunerative  prices.  BREAD  AND  CRACKERS  have  lett  very  heavy  losses  on  importations  from  the  fact  that  their  high  cost  prevented  our  retailers  from  disposing  of  more  than  the  most  limited  quantities.  LARD.—America  has  taken  the  place  which  was  once  held  by  Ireland.  The  quality  of  the  lard  received  from  the  former  place  is  now  superior  to  that  from  the  latter,  and  consequently  it  generally  obtains  the  preference.  It  is  an  article  of  great  consumption  with  our  populuce,  who  prefer  it  to  every  thing  el-e  in  cooking,  except  pork,  which  is  really  one  of  their  greatest  staples.  BUTTER,  in  large  quantities,  has  been  imported  from  America,  and  being  generally  of  fair  quality,  has  acted  very  unfavourably  on  importations  from  Ireland,  yet  brokers  of  the  Later  have,  succeeded  in  obtaining  remu remunerating  nerating remunerating  prices.  Potti.:  . STYLE=superscript  -Our  importations  of  5425  brls,  has  nearly  gone  out  of  the  market,  and  in  this  as  in  lard,  our  people  give  the  preference  to  American.  The  year  commenced  with  an  ample  stock,  and  limited  demani  with  nominal  quota quotations  tions quotations  of  72s  to  745,  with  little  fluctuation  till  February.  Frem  February  to  April  we  had  no  sales  to  report,  and  nominal  prices  were  asked.  InApril  693.  to  70s.  was  the  figure,  Lnt  in  May,  the  mar•  ket  having  been  rid  of  superabundant  stock,  803.  was  asked,  and  obtained,  and  this  price  was  fully  maintaine  :  and  from  that  period  the  article  has  been  firmer  and  in  more  demand.  In  July  and  the  early  part  of  August,  84s.  to  87s.  was  the  ruling  rate.  Towards  the  end  of  August  a  speculator  cleared  the  market  at  993.  to  925.,  and  by  the  end  of  September  1163.  was  asked,  and  obtained.  Since  this  last  period  110  s.  to  114  s.  has  been  commanded  by  importers,  but  112  s.  has  been  the  prevailing  rate.  Our  stock  at  this  moment  is  quite  sufficient  for  our  wants.  Fisir  :  Our  demand  for  dry  and  pickled  fish  is  great,  but  generally  our  supply  is  greater.  In  other  articles  of  Imeorrr  a  fair  business  has  been  done  and  so  long  es  shippers  and  importers  do  not  inundate  us  with  goods,  fair  profits  in  , STYLE=superscript  y  be  realised,  but  if  they  will  madly  outvie  with  each  other,  and  judge  their  business  by  the  amount  they  sell,  and  not  by  the  profits  they  realise,  they  must  be  content  to  gather  the  fruits  of  their  own  folly.  For  o  r,na  u  ntD  r  ehieli  E  ectehh  x  r  :  o::  )  ,e  n  iera  T  nna  s  e  t  ,  dt  e  x  r3  v  i  ,sn  e  a9j  e  n,ai  a  (in  n  ,  al  s  ar  p  iy,  3l  e  ,er  a  i  speak  ei  1855,cs  hearthe  cheerfully,  g  u  4hl  l  .sao  l  tb  y  i  a  taplf  n  rivolev  d  e(rriiis.etao  i  hxge  f  meeej  t  eono  h  olrytyt  e  f.:  present  prices  for  our  products  are  maiutaiLed  abroad,  we  s  e  0  can  congratulate  our  Sugar  and  Coffee  growers,  though  compelled  to  milolc  with  miners  of  Pimento  Walks,  reneloomßtswenljdni:‘telliistanding  the  large  extra  manufacture  of  the  article,  What,  then,  must  we  say  of  SUGAR,  which  in  January  was  sold  at  ruinously  low  rtes,  and  which  in  February  we  quoted  at  12s  to  17s,  but  which  December  .  was  eagerly  t  Ab  qualitiesg  h  lastt  u  up  sent  f  r  a  o  m  to  ray  a  2  y  3  this  s  ogno  t  om  o  oowfefmd  3  i  jaa  o  or  s  tyifkoi  ,  ,aoelp  t  ttl  i  gehcl  oearufidlinhpeielarsoastscat  nearlyei  k  osa  i  nsbn  n  edolavfmht  idhecaia,:nmkoaotrlninll  only  thankfulness.  east  siig:xe..  J,..maiea  planter,  and  for  the  first  time  in  our  experier  e  their  doleful  dirge  over  their  fallen  fortunes  has  given  placersoinpce  since  ot  werei  e  a  s  s  areodn  mMoanntyhsp  We  are  now  feeling  the  benefits,  whits  our  English  f  r  iends  are  suffering  from  the  evil  effects  of  their  wise  and  judicious  legislation.  It  is  quite  time  the  tables  should  be  turned,  and  we  hope  we  shall  keep  them  as  they  are  for  a  long  time.  COFFEE  opened  in  January  at  31s  to  325,  and  closed  December  at  gas  6d  to  37s  6d.  It  has  reached  39s  ;  but  the  general  ruling  rates  have  been  between  32s  and  365.  PIMENTO  :  The  crop  this  year  has  been  enormous,  and  has  been  sPut  on  to  market  with  stocks  lying  over  from  the  previous  year.  Speculators  from  the  first  pla=ced  a  fictitious  value  on  the  article,  and  dearly  have  they  paid  for  their  temerity  or  generosity—let  them  call  their  want  of  prudence  and  foresight  what  they  will-41  has  been  the  ruling  rate,  and  most  of  the  crop  has  realised  that  price,  or  3  1 STYLE=superscript  ,-,d.  This  has  paid  the  pimento  growers  handsomely,  but  with  every  nierket  overstocked  with  this  'year's  crop  . STYLE=superscript  :  wh  at  may  be  th  pects  for  1856  it  is  not  now  our  province  to  anticipa  can  only  say,  we  hope  they  will  share  in  the  prosp  the  sugar  and  cotton  growers.  Should  we  have  ,  the  Russian  ports  be  thrown  open,  their  prospects  will  ilv_come  better.  In  reviewing  the  DRY  sons  operations  of  the  past  year,  it  is  clearly  apparent  that  the  121  per  cent.  additional  duty  on  imported  goods  has  tended  to  reduce  profits  to  wholesale  dry  goods  houses,  to  check  consumption,  and  generallk  to  diminish  transactions,  resides  the  high  rates  of  exchange  which  have  prevailed  here  and  in  England,—the  war  tax,  stamp  duty,  and  other  imposts,  have  had  the  effect  of  lessening  their  gains.  The  total  decline  of  our  foreign  trade  has  been  a  serious  blow  to  their  interest.,  in  common  with  all  others,  and  the  dry  goods  merchants  have  cause  to  r  Bret  this.  Added  to  these  circumstances,  the  coot  of  yarns  since  the  war  has  been  another  obstacle  in  the  way  of  invorters,  because  the  increased  prices  have  checked  the  import  tion  of  Oznaburgh  and  other  coarse  goods,  which  are  const‘m,d  by  the  mass  of  the  people.  Altogether,  tl'c  year  just  elosP4  has  been  marked  by  great  depression  in  the  dry  goods  busi business,  ness, business,  pith  the  prospect  of  a  still  greater  depresLion  this  Sear.  INDIA  AND  CHINA  MAILS.  The  files  of  the  journals  brought  by  the  Overr  land  Mail  have  arrived,  via  Trieste.  The  Bombay  Times  of  January  2  gives  the  following  summary  of  political  intelligence  :  The  S'antai  insurrection  may  be  said  to  be  suppressed.  Tranquillity  prevails  throughout  our  dominions,  and  we  have  not  for  some  months  had  a  single  disturbance  even  on  the  Punjab  frontier.  The  Kingdom  of  Oude  is  about  to  be  sequestered,  the  King  to  be  allowed  100,0001  a  year,  the  army  to  be  reduced  from  80,000  to  15,000  ;  the  entire  administration  of  affairs  to  be  entrusted  to  the  resident,  General  Outran).  The  settlement  of  the  Oodeypore  differences,  which  renders  the  political  agent  supreme,  has  dissatisfied  the  chiefs.  The  native  princes,  whose  administration  is  admitted  to  be  blameless,  are  endeav endeavouring  ouring endeavouring  to  obtain  some  better  security  than  they  have  hitherto  enjoyed  for  the  retention  of  their  dominions.  The  charges  of  the  Indian  navy  are  about  to  be  increased  from  half  to  close  on  a  million  sterling  annually;  one  fourth  the  revenue  of  the  Presidency,  two-thirds  the  charges  of  our  army  of  60,000  men.  Lord  Canning  is  expected  at  the  Presidency  on  his  way  to  Calcutta  a  fortnight  hence  ;  the  present  Governor Governorgeneral  general Governorgeneral  retires  on  the  Ist  of  March,  after  an  administra administration  tion administration  of  eight  years'  duration.  A  fair  business  has  been  done  in  the  import  market;  money  is  scarce,  and  exchange  has  advanced.  CHINA  54  The  intelligence  from  China  Ts  unimportant.  The  fole  lowing  is  from  the  Ouerland  Friend  of  China  of  Dec.  15  :  At  Canton  there  has  been  another  extensive  fire;  sin singularly  gularly singularly  again  on  the  site  of  the  fire  in:1852.  There  are  now  three  large  spaces  in  the  vicinity  of  the  factories  caused  by  fires  within  the  last  twelve  months.  We  believe  the  whole  of  these  fires  have  been  the  work  of  incendiaries.  :Trade  in  Canton  in  old  teas  during  the  month  has  been  brisker  than  it  has  been  for  some  time.  Of  new  teas  hut  few  have  been  brought  to  market,  and  operations  have  been  limited.  In  Hong  Kong  there  has  been  what  Americans  would  call  indignation  meeting.'  deprecatory  of  an  attempt  by  Governor  Bowring  to  take  away  the  peculiar  benefit  of  marine  lots,  by  rnnning  a  public  parade  in  front  of  them,  which  parade  His  Excellency  thinks  should  be  made  for  the  benefit  of  the  public  by  the  holders  of  the  marine  lots,  so  requiring  from  them  an  outlay  of  an  average  of  1,0001.  sterling  per  100  running  feet.  One  of  the  benefits  to  be  derived  from  the  construction  of  this  parade,  according  to  government,  would  be  increased  facilities  for  police  purposes.  Our  police  force  and  sys''  tern,  however,  are  so  notoriously  inefficient,  that  mer merchants  chants merchants  prefer  guarding  their  sea  frontages  ;  and  evert  with  such  additional  guarding  they  are  not  sale,  as  evidenced  in  an  organized  attack  on  Messrs.  Wardley  and  Co.'s  offices,  a  few  nights  ago,  and  successful  escape  of  the  burglars,  with  about  3,000  dols.  in  cash;  not.  0  , STYLE=superscript  policeman  being  found  for  half  an  hour  afterwards.  The  failure  of  several  Chinese  shroffs  at  Shanghai,  fol followed  lowed followed  by  the  suspension  of  Messrs.  Aspinwall,  Mackenzie,  and  Co.,  with  liabilities,  it  is  said,  exceeding  150,0001.,  have  caused  something  like  a  panic  in  that  quarter.  Our  table  of  latest  dates  is  as  follows  Noo•  11th  ;  Pekin,  Nov.  12th  ;  Shanghai,  Dec.  Bth  ;  canton,  Dec.  12th."
