text
"HEALTH  COMMITTEE-YESTERDAY.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  committee  was  held  on  yesterday  in  the  council  chamber,  Mr.  Dover,  deputy  chairman,  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were—Messrs.  Robertson,  Gladstone,  Beckwith,  Moss,  Henderson,  Halhead,  and  Johnson.  Mr.  It.  GLADSTONE  tailed  attention  to  the  disgraceful  condition  of  the  pavement  on  the  west  side  of  George's  dock.  He  had  brought  it  before  tde  dock  committee,  and  was  informed  by  Mr.  Hartley,  that  the  corporation,  as  being  owners  of  the  property,  were  the  parties  to  whom  applica application  tion application  should  be  made.  The  following  reports  were  read  :  The  Medical  officer  of  health,  reported  that  the  low  tem temperature  perature temperature  of  last  week,  has  caused  an  increased  mortality  from  diseases  of  the  lungs,  but  that  the  general  mortality  of  the  borough  still  continues  slightly  below  the  average  of  the  season.  The  total  deaths  were  206— STYLE=superscript  viz.,  145  in  the  parish,  61  in  the  out-townships—being  eight  more  than  in  the  previous  , STYLE=superscript  week.  No  return  has  been  re received  ceived received  from  St.  George's  district,  in  consequence  of  the  death  of  the  late  registrar;  but  the  mortality  in  that  district  has  been  assumed  to  be  the  same  as  in  the  previous  week.  Nine  fatal  cases  of  typhus  were  registered.  ;  9  of  hooping  cough  ;  7  scarlatina  ;5  of  measles;  2of  small  pox  ;  and  lof  syphilis.  There  were  7  deaths  from  cholera  ;  and  6  from  diarrhoea—the  latter  about  the  average  of  the  season.  Diseases  of  the  lungs  (with.  consumption)  caused  74  deaths,  being  10  more  than  in  the  previous  week,  and  more  than  in  any  week  of  the  preceding  six  months.  The  ashpit  of  the  Caledonian  hotel,  Duke-street,  being  in  a  state  injurious  to  the  health  of  the  inmates,  the  medical  officer  recommends  that  notice  to  drain  be  served  on  the  owner  of  the  premises.  Mr.  RISHTON,  the  building  surveyor,  reported  the  inspec inspection  tion inspection  of  146  dilapidated  privies  and  ashpits,  122  of  which  were  undergoing  alterations  and  repairs,  and  24  of  which  required  such,  together  with  varions  other  details  in  his  de department.  partment. department.  Mr.  NEWLANDS,  the  borough  engineer,  reported  numerous  particulars  of  the  work  done  and  in  hand  in  his  department.  Mr.  FRESH,  the  inspector  of  nuisances,  reported  the  emptying  of  1068  cesspools,  the  inspection  of  103  nuisances  complained  of  by  inhabitants,  and  the  reference  of  80  others  to  the  borough  engineer  for  remedy  by  drainage,  etc.,  with  a  detail  of  the  other  operations  of  his  staff  , STYLE=superscript  including  par particulars  ticulars particulars  of  a  sanatory  examination  of  730  court  houses,  139  lodging-houses,  and  546  cellars,  formerly  cleared  of  inmates  in  the  lower  parts  of  the  town,  and  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  sanatory  officers  had  made  special  examinations  during  the  week,  of  1853  different  apartments  in  street  houses,  and  2202  rooms  in  court-houses  in  the  districts  named,  for  the  purpose  of  eradicating  unhealthiness  there therefrom,  from, therefrom,  besides  the  cellar  inspections  above  named.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  asked  whether  or  not  they  could  not  con consult  sult consult  the  comfort  of  parties  who  travelled  by  omnibuses,  and  also  the  ease  of  those  wretched  animals  who  drew  those  ve vehicles,  hicles, vehicles,  by  making  a  sort  of  tramway  on  the  proper  side  of  the  road,  in  the  case  of  Brunswick-road  and  Low-hill  ?  He  thought  it  could  be  done,  and  it  certainly  would  be  an  act  of  mercy  to  the  poor  horses,  and  a  convenience  to  the  parties  who  had  to  travel  along  those  streets.  Mr.  Gladstone,  in  conclusion,  moved  that  the  borough  engineer  be  instructed  to  report  on  the  subject.  Mr.  BECKWITH  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  Thomas  Griffiths  was  declared  contractor  for  the  making  of  sewers  through  certain  streets.  A  communication  was  received  from  Mr.  Laird,  complain complaining  ing complaining  of  the  nuisance  arising  from  the  manure  deposits  placed  near  his  premises.  It  was  reported  that  Mr.  Headley,  Old-hall-street,  had  erected  certain  premises  without  having  received  proper  per permission  mission permission  from  the  committee.  Mr.  Headley  pleaded  that  he  had  made  a  drain  and  improved  the  premises,  and  that  he  was  willing  not  to  use  the  building  as  a  dwelling-house.  The  letter  was  put  into  the  hands  of  the  clerk  to  deal  with  it  It  was  reported  that  a  Mr.  Waters  had  erected  premises  under  similar  circumstances,  and  that  he  had  not  replied  to  the  communication  forwarded  to  him.  Ins  tructions  were  given  that  he  should  be  proceeded  against,  as  he  had  not  complied  with  the  orders  of  the  committee.  A  communication  was  received  from  Mr.  Edder,  Staines Stainesstreet,  street, Stainesstreet,  in  reference  to  a  new  road  from  Breck-hill  to  West  Derby.  It  was  referred  to  the  sub-committee.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  suggested  the  propriety  of  procuring  the  appointment  of  Mr.  William  Earle  on  the  committee,  as  from  his  intrinsic  acquaintance  with  the  interests  of  the  town,  and  the  business  of  the  committee,  no  one  could  be  a  more  valuable  member.  Mr.  GODFREY  inquired  if  there  were  any  vacancies  in  the  committee  ?  Mr.  BEcKwrrii  :  But  we  have  some  one  who  never  at attends,  tends, attends,  and  it  would  be  desirable  to  substitute  a  person  who  would  attenrin  such  a  gentleman's  place.  Mr.  HoosoN  said  that  previous  to  Mr.  Bigham  going  away  he  had  told  them  he  could  not  attend  the  committee.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  said  he  should  not  like  the  committee  to  lose  Mr  Bigham.  The  matter  then  :dropped,  after  which  the  committee  adjourned.  THE  MANCHESTER  AND  SALFORD  ED  UCA  TION  SCHEME.  The  bill  promoted  by  the  Manchester  and  Salford  Edu Education  cation Education  Association,  is  to  be  introduced  into  the  House  of  Commons  next  session  in  a  new  form.  One  of  the  changes  will  be  to  substitute  a  committee,  nominated  by  the  rate ratepayers,  payers, ratepayers,  in  the  same  way  as  the  guardians  of  the  parish  unions  are  elected,  for  the  committee  which  it  was  proposed  by  the  original  bill  should  be  chosen  by  the  town  councils.  There  are  other  changes  which  have  not  yet  been  definitely  settled,  but  the  above  will  be  one  of  the  principal  alterations.  Sir  John  Pakington  having  been  invited  to  take  charge  of  the  bill  in  the  House  of  Commons,  went  to  Manchester  on  Saturday,  and  was  the  guest  of  the  Bishop  of  chester  until  Tuesday  who  invitwi  tile  leaaing  oht  dlSSOCiatiOil  to  meet  him  at  Sedgley.  Sub Subsequently  sequently Subsequently  Sir  John  had  an  interview  with  the  committee  of  the  association,  in  order  that  be  might  develope  his  views  on  the  question  of  education,  and  in  return  he  more  fully  ex expressed  pressed expressed  what  are  those  f  the  association.  There  were  Some  yowl,.  aid  not  entirely  meet  the  wishes  of  the  right.  hon.  baronet,  the  present  bill  being  one  of  a  local  character.  Sir  John  was  anxious  that  the  measure  should  be  one  which  could  be  made  more  generally  applicable,  holding  the  opinion  that  as  a  purely  local  measure,  he  was  nut,  holding  no  connexion  with  the  boroughs  of  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  and  Salford,  in  a  position  to  introduce  it  to  the  House  of  Commons.  It  wam  arranged,  however,  before  the  the  conference  terminated,  that  Sir  John  should  take  charge  of  the  measure,  and  that  the  Bishop  of  Manchester,  should  it  ever  reach  the  Lords,  should  take  charge  of  it  in  the  upper  house.  COURT  OF  BANKRUPTCY.  YESTERDAY.  BEFORE  MR.  COMMISSIONER  STEVENSON.  In  Re  Hignett.  The  bankrupt  was  a  salt  merchant.  The  meetinm  was  for  final  examination  and  granting  of  certificate,  which,  however,  was  suspended  for  six  months.  SPORTING.  BETTING  AT  TATTERSALL'S  YESTERDAY.  CHESTER  Cur.-1000  to  15  against  Friday,  Heapy,  Little  Harry,  Defiance,  and  Newminster  ;  100  to  10,  Kung  Pepin.  DERBY.-6  to  1,  Autocrat  offered;  25  to  1,  Ruby,  taken  ;  40  to  I,  Hesse  Cassel,  taken.  OAKS.-9  to  2,  Meteora.  ROBBERY  IN  THE  STREET.--At  the  City  police-court,  Manchester,  yesterday,  a  young  man  named  John  Hall  was  charged  with  having,  on  the  previous  evening,  stolen  a  scarf  and  an  umbrella,  the  property  of  Robert  Harve STYLE=superscript  y  , STYLE=superscript  w STYLE=superscript  ho  resides  at  50,  Chad  Place,  Cheetham-hill  Roatl.  Th  e  property  was  taken  from  the  prosecutor,  who  followed  the  prisoner  and  gave  him  into  custody.  Fined STYLE=superscript  405., STYLE=superscript  or STYLE=superscript  in STYLE=superscript  default,  to  be  imprisoned  for  21  days.  STEALING  A  CHEESE.—At  the  City  police-court,  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  yesterday,  a  person  named  Henry  Greston  was  com committed  mitted committed  take  his  trial  at  the  next  sessions,  for  stealing  a  cheese,  the  property  of  Mr.  Matthew  Weston,  provision  factor,  Todd-street.  COUNTY  COUR  T—YESTERDIY.  The  Court  sat  ten  o'clock.  .  Sr  - STYLE=superscript  01L  ' STYLE=superscript  *  JONES  V.  ALMOND.—In  this  case  the  plaintiff  .sedglatia..  -4- STYLE=superscript  ',.-  1 STYLE=superscript  ?*  recover  £3  2s.  6d.  from  Mr.  Almond,  solicitor,  or:tlie  fi4  m  ';  of  Francis  and  Almond,  being  the  value  of  three  &amp;it  stamps  which  had  been  left  with  the  plaintiff  to  disposeTef  - STYLE=superscript  hi  his  business.  The  plaintiff  had  employed  Mr.  Almoitd  to  con consider  sider consider  an  award  which  had  been  made  against-him,  and  advise  him  as  to  the  best  mode  of  having  it  set  aside:  Mr.  -  Almond  perused  the  award,  and  a:lvised  the  pl4tijr  that  ,  there  were  no  means  of  having  it  set  aside.  Alf.  'Atinepd  had  also  been  employed  by  the  plaintiff  in  some  other  ters  of  business.  In  course  of  time  Mr.  Almond  disposed  of  the  stamps,  through  his  law  stationer,  but  claimed  a  lieu  upon  the  money  for  the  costs  of  the  business  which  had  been  done  by  him.  In  giving  judgment  his  HONOR  commented  strongly  upon  the  manner  in  which  the  plaintiff  had  given  his  evidence,  which  he  pronounced  to  be  evasive  to  a  degree  disgraceful  to  a  person  holding  a  respectable  position.  He  said  that  Mr.  Almond  was  entitled  to  a  lien  of  £1  13s.  4d.  upon  the  money  he  had  received,  and  gave  judgment  for  the  remain remainder  der remainder  of  the  sum.  MALAN-pm'  v.  GREEN.—This  was  an  action  brought  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff;  a  young  Frenchman,  who  is  at  pre present  sent present  in  Paris,  to  recover  the  value  of  a  meerschaum  pipe,  alleged  to  have  been  lost  by  him  in  the  house  of  the  defend defendant,  ant, defendant,  and  which  defendant  refused  tip  give  it  up.  Mr.  GODFREY  appeared  for  the  defence.  On  the  part  of  the  plaintiff  it  was  stated  that  he  and  another  Frenchman  named  Montague,  had  been  stopping  in  defendant's  house,  and  that  plaintiff  lett  the  meerschaum,  which  was  stated  to  be  a  valuable  one,  there.  On  being  applied  to  the  defend defendant  ant defendant  admitted  having  the  meerschaum,  but  subsequently  alleged  that  he  had  lost  it.  Mr.  GODFREY  et  .ted  that  plaintiff  and  the  other  man  had  been  convicted  of  a  felony,  and  that  the  latter  was  still  in  prison.  The  time  for  which  the  plaintiff  received  sentence  had  expired,  and  he  had  left  the  country.  He  stated  that,  according  to  his  instructions,  the  pipe  had  not  been  left  in  the  hands  of  the  defendant  by  plaintiff  as  in  the  relation  of  landlord  and  guest;  but  that  plaintiff  and  the  other  man  had  gone  to  the  house,  and  left  it  there  merely  as  a  pretext  to  enable  them  to  commit  the  felony  for  which  they  were  sub subsequently  sequently subsequently  convicted.  His  Horfon  said  there  should  be  a  record  of  the  conviction  produced  before  he  could  deal  with  the  defence.  Mr.  GODFREY  said  the  conviction  would  not  be  denied  by  the  party.  who  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff.  His  HONOR  said,  according  to  recent  decisions,  that  ad admission  mission admission  wovld  not  be  sufficient.  Besides,  even  if  conviction  were  proved,  that  would  not  entitle  the  defendant  to  keep  the  property.  The  property  of  a  convicted  felon  should  go  to  the  crown.  If  a  man  broke  into  a  house  for  the  purpose  of  committing  a  theft,  and  left  a  purse  containing  500/.  which  he  had  stolen  from  some  one  else  behind  him,  the  owner  of  the  house  was  not  entitled  to  retain  that  money.  Nor  if  the  robber  had  left  his  gold  watch  behind  him,  or  his  shoes,  or  any  other  article  of  property,  was  the  owner  of  the  house  justified  in  keeping  them  ?  If  the  man  was  tried  and  acquitted,  these  things  should  be  given  back  to  him  ;  if  con convicted  victed convicted  they  became  the  property  of  the  crown.  Mr-GODFREY  said  it  did  not  appear  that  the  pipe  was  the  property  of  the  plaintiff.  On  the  contrary,  it  was  believed  to  bare  belonged  to  his  companion,  who  was  still  in  prison.  Mrs.  Green,  wife  of  the  defendant,  was  examined,  and  stated  that  it  was  her  belief  the  pipe  had  been  left  behind  by  the  man  who  was  still  in  prison.  This  was  denied  on  the  part  of  the  plaintiff,  whose  case  was  taken  up  by  the  French  consul,  from  whose  office  a  per person  son person  was  in  attendance.  —  Mr.  GODFREY  said  he  also  understood  that  the  pipe  was  perfectly  valueless.  Although  not  a  smoker  himself,  he  was  aware  that  great  value  was  set  upon  some  meerschaum  pipes,  but  he  was  instructtd  that,  iu  this  case,  the  pipe  was  of  no  value.  His  HONOR  said  the  only  question  which  arose,  so  far  as  the  defendant  was  concerned,  was  regarding  the  ownership  of  the  pipe.  The  proof  of  the  plaintiff  having  been  convicted  of  felony  would  in  no  way  entitle  defendant  to  keep  the  article.  On  the  part  of  the  plaintiff,  it  was  stated  that  be  had  said  the  pipe  was  his,  and  written  an  order  for  it  in  the  presence  of  the  other  man  who  was  in  prison.  Finally,  on  the  application  of  Mr.  Godfrey,  his  Honor  allowed  the  case  to  stand  over  until  the  23d  inst.,  for  the  production  of  further  evidence.  REARDON  V.  BUSBY.—This  was  an  action  brought  to  re recover  cover recover  damages  for  injury  done  to  the  plaintiff's  child,  by  the  negligence,  it  was  alleged,  of  a  driver  of  a  mourning mourningcoach  coach mourningcoach  belonging  to  the  defendant.  Mr  Grocott  appeared  for  the  plaintiff.  The  amount  claimed  was  1/.  los.  for  the  expense  of  a  nurse  to  attend  the  child,  whose  leg  was  broken,  and  lOs  for  a  surge  m  who  set  the  limb.  Several  witnesses  were  called  upon  on  behalf  of  the  plain plaintiff,  tiff, plaintiff,  who  deposed  that  the  injury  was  caused  on  Sunday  morning  the  23rd  of  October  last,  in  Chisenhall-street  :  it  was  stated  that  the  child  was  crossing  the  road  when  the  mourning  coach  came  driving  up  at  a  very  rapid  rate,  the  child  was  struck  by  the  horse,  and  fell,  and  the  wheel  passed  over  his  leg.  The  nurse  who  attended  the  child  stated  she  had  been  six  weeks  attendin  him,  for  which  she  was  en engaged  gaged engaged  at  five  shillings  a-week,  and  that  the  child  was  not  yet  restored  to  health.  It  was  also  stated  that  the  driver  .M•  atop  thp  nn  .ftpr  thc  orcorrence  took  place.  The  neighbourhood  was  a  very  crowded  one,  and  there  were  a  great  many  children  playing  about.  It  was  positively  deposed  that  if  the  driver  had  been  looking  before  he  might  have  easily  have  avoided  running  over  the  child,  and  that  he  had  plenty  of  time  to  pull  up  his  horse.  The  witnesses  also  stated  that  a  great  crowd  assembled,  and  that  there  was  much  excitement,  several  of  the  mob  crying  out  that  they  would  follow  the  driver  and  break  his  and  it  required  great  exertion  to  keep  them  from  pursuing  him.  His  HONOR  :  Such  misconduct  as  that  has  only  the  effect  of  compelling  drivers  in  those  cases  to  drive  on,  because  they  are  afraid  to  stop.  The  defendant  said  he  felt  the  greatest  regret  that  such  an  occurrence  should  have  taken  place,  and  that  he  should  never  have  defended  the  action,  but  that  he  was  distinctly  assured  the  accident  had  not  been  caused  by  any  carelessness  upon  the  part  of  the  driver,  and  he  therefore  thought  it  right  to  have  the  matter  fully  inquired  into.  He  was  in informed  formed informed  that  the  child  ran  across  the  street  in  an  oblique  direction,  from  behind  the  coach,  and  as  soon  as  the  driver  perceived  him  he  used  every  exertion  to  pull  up,  and  a  per person  son person  who  sat  upon  the  box  along  with  him,  also  caught  the  reins  to  stop  the  horse.  The  driver  of  the  coach  was  examined,  and  stated  that  the  child  ran  across  the  road,  and  in  stepping  upon  the  footpath  slipped,  and  fell  backwards,  when  the  wheel  passed  over  him.  He  stated  that  he  made  every  exertion  to  stop  the  horse,  and  that  but  for  the  child's  falling  the  accident  would  not  have  occurred.  He  added  that  he  was  only  driving  at  the  rate  of  five  miles  an  hour  at  the  time.  The  witnesses  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff  denied  that  the  child  tripped  against  the  pavement,  or  fell,  until  struck  by  the  horse.  His  HONOR  :  I  am  of  opinion  that  if  children  are  per permitted  mitted permitted  to  run  about  in  this  way,  it  is  almost  impossible  always  to  avoid  an  accident;  but  I  am  also  (*opinion  that  the  man  was  driving  too  fast  in  such  a  crowded  thorough thoroughfare.  fare. thoroughfare.  lam  not  disposed  to  attribute  to  him  much  blame,  and  I  am  bound  to  say  that  beyond  the  single  fact  of  his  driving  at  an  imprudent  rate  in  that  overcrowded  thorough thoroughfare,  fare, thoroughfare,  I  see  nothing  wrong  in  his  conduct.  It  was  very  wrong  of  the  people  to  assemble  and  threaten  him.  The  accident  must  be  to  a  certain  extent  culpable,  for  I  am  not  prepared  to  say  that  it  might  not  be  the  driver's  duty  to  walk  his  horse  in  such  a  crowded  thoroughfare,  thronged  with  children  to  such  an  extent.  If  he  select  such  a  route,  he  must  go  at  a  rate  of  speed  consistent  with  the  safety  of  the  population  of  the  neighbourhood.  I  shall  °ice  a  t  it  herefore,  r  f  i  h  r  t  t  ht  to  e  amount  e  m  n  e  e  ck  -enTte—ro-al  jan&amp;othseayeatlsiea,t  in  4nu4  AD  inquiry  should  be  made  into  the  matter  ;  and  had  I  been  in  the  position  of  the  defendant  myself,  I  should  have  felt  bound  to  do  so.  The  convocation  of  the  prelates  and  clergy  of  the  provinc  a  of  Canterbury  was  prorogued  on  Wednesday  until  an  early  day  in  January.  th  r STYLE=superscript  e  r STYLE=superscript  Tou  l STYLE=superscript  ira  T STYLE=superscript  iMig  N STYLE=superscript  igea  C STYLE=superscript  u  s STYLE=superscript  r,  F.,:.172.,11.  Wednesday STYLE=superscript  at STYLE=superscript  grocers  were  each  fined  £lO  for  selling  coffee  adulterated  with  chicory  as  pure  coffee.  The  extent  of  the  adulteration  varied  from  9  to  43  per  cent.  .  Shaving  prevails  in  Europe  because  the  Kings  of  France  set  the  example  to  their  courtiers,  who  were  followed  by  the  nation,  which  formerly  gave  the  ton  to  neighbouring  nations,  and  therefore  was  at  length  followed  by  all  in  this  troublesome  and  unmanly  fashion.—Dr.  Elliotson's  Human  Physiology.  SUICIDE  OF  AN  ARTILLERY  OFFlCER.—Yesterday,  Mr.  Wakley  held  an  inquest  on  the  body  of  Mr.  John  Brad Bradshaw,  shaw, Bradshaw,  aged  56,  who  had  shot  himself  with  a  pistol,  on  Mon Monday  day Monday  evening,  at  his  lodgings,  No.  1,  Union-place,  New Newroad.  road. Newroad.  The  deceased  was  a  half-pay  officer  •of  artillery,  and  had  served  with  some  distinction  in  the  Greek  war  of  inde  pendence.  He  had  been  in  infirm  health  for  some  time,  and  had  lately  been  subjected  to  much  anxiety  by  severe  losses.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  suicide,  leaving  the  state  of  the  deceased's  mind  an  open  question.  NEW  MONEY  ORDER  OFFICES.—GENERAL  POST-OFFICE,  Nov.,  1853.—0  n  the  6th  December  a  major  money  order orderoffice  office orderoffice  will  be  opened  at  Farnborough  station,  Hants.  Mi Minor  nor Minor  money  order-offices  will  be  opened  at  Holytroydq,  L  anc  ashire  ;  head  office,  Accrington,  on  the  9th  December.  At  Padiham,  in  the  same  county  ;  head  office  Blackburn,  on  the  6th  December.  And  at  Penistone,  Yorkshire  ;  head  office,  i  Sheffield,  on  the  Ist  December.  Also  at  Dunman Dunmanway,  way, Dunmanway,  n  the  county  of  Cork,  Ireland  ;  bead  office,  Bandon,  on  the  Ist  December.  Postmasters  must  in  future  address  letters  of  advice  for  Stroud,  Stroud,  G  and  thoso  for  Strand,  Strand,  SINGULAR  AND  FATAL  ACCIDENT.—A  most  unusual  acci accident  dent accident  has  just  caused  the  death  of  M.  Gargan,  junior,  a  young  officer  belonging  to  a  regiment  of  lancers  stationed  at  Thionville.  He  was  riding  over  on  Saturday  evening  to  Meiz  to  visit  his  family,  and  transact  some  law  business  rendered  necessary  by  the  recent  death  of  his  father,  when  on  arriving  near  Hagondange,  in  a  sharp  trot,  on  his  check checking  ing checking  his  horse  suddenly,  the  animal  threw  up  his  head,  and,  struck  M.  de  Gargan  a  violent  blow  in  the  forehead,  which  caused  his  instantaneous  death.  Such  a  disaster  was  the  less  to  be  expected,  as  the  deceased  officer  had  carried  off  the  first  prize  for  equitation  at  the  cavalry  school  of  '  Saumur."
