text
"asked  him  for  the  boat,  and  he  went  aft,  but  I  was  ultimately  taken  ashore,  and  was  at  the  English  hospital  at  Bahia  Per  more  than  three  months.  By  the  JUDGE  :  Our  complement  of  hands  should  have  •  -  b  een  l STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  DIGBY  SEYMOUR  :  We  were  a  fortnight  i2o  at  Rio  before  we  went  to  Bahia.  The  captain  had  the  yellow  fever  at  Rio.  He  was  still  suffering  from  illness  at  Bahia.  1  Lad  seen  fire-arms  on  board  the  Matanzas  before.  I  had  cleaned  them  before.  I  don't  know  that  it  was  any  of  the  crew  that  assisted  the  captain  to  discharge  the  pistols  on  the  Saturday  night.  It  was  none  of  the  men  forward.  It  was  the  first  thing  on  Sunday  morning  that  the  captain  asked  me  to  weigh  anchor.  When  he  asked  me  to  weigh  anchor  I  do  not  recollect  him  saying  that  he  had  ten  men  on  board,  beside  the  other  two,  and  that  he  was  the  best  judge  of  the  number  to  form  a  crew.  He  said  he  could  not  get  'men  in  Bahia  for  love  or  money.  He  said  for  God's  sake  do  your  duty,  and  do  not  keep  the  ship  in  this  sickly  Ile  also  said  he  knew  several  ships  that  had  lost  both  master  and  mates,  and  part  of  the  crew,  and  that  many  had  gone  away  on  account  of  the  fever  which  was  raging.  The  clearing  officer  came  and  boarded  the  ship  after  this  conversation  between  us,  and  after  that  the  men  were  called  on  deck,  I  (lid  not  hear  the  prisoner  say,  my  men,  weigh  the  I  did  not  hear  the  men  say,  Yes,  we  will,  provided  George  Wake  will  Thomas  Savage,  and  William  Steward,  two  of  the  seamen  on  board,  gave  similar  testimony  to  the  last  witness,  after  which  the  case  for  the  prosecution  closed.  Mr.  SEYMOUR  then  addressed  the  jury  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner,  contending  that  from  the  peculiar  position  in  which  the  prisoner  was  placed,  having  charge  of  the  ship,  he  was  obliged  to  act  as  he  had  done  in  consequence  of  the  repeated  obstinacy  of  the  crew.  He  implored  the  jury  to  take  amerci amerciful  ful amerciful  view  of  the  case,  as  the  act,  to  say  the  most  of  it,  had  been  done  in  a  moment  of  great  anxiety  and  irritation.  His  LORDSHIP  having  summed  up,  the  jury  retired  for  about  half  an  hour,  when  they  .  returned  into  court  with  a  verdict  of  guilty  against  the  prisoner  on  the  minor  count,  viz,  with  intent  to  do  bodily  harm,  but  acquitted  him  of  the  intent  to  murder.  SEYMOUR  handed  to  his  lordship  certificate  of  claracter,  signed  by  several  shipowners  from  Sunder-  His  LORDSHIP  then  proceeded  to  pass  sentence  on  the  prisoner,  and  observed  that  it  was  of  the  greatelit  conse consequence  quence consequence  that,  in  a  great  commercial  port  like  Liverpool,  captains  should  be  aware  of  their  duty  to  seamen,  as  well  as  it  was  necessary  that  seamen  should  know  their  duty  to  captains.  It  was  fortunate  for  the  prisoner  that  the  jury  had  taken  a  merciful  view  of  the  ease,  and  found  him  guilty  only  of  the  minor  oflence.  The  sentence  of  the  court  was  that  he  be  imprisoned,  and  kept  to  hard  labor,  for  eighteen  months."
