text
"REVISION  OF  THE  MUNICIPAL  LI;9:T.  The  annual  revision  of  the  Municipal  List  Was  coninienced  on  yesterday,  at  ten  o'clock,  before  the  Mayor  (SAMUEL  HoLluE,  Esq.)  and  John  Yates,  jun.,  Esq.,  and  Henry  Brem Bremner  ner Bremner  Esq.,  as  Assessors.  Mr.  Bretherton  appea  re  d  f  or  th  e  Liberals,  and  Mr.  Buckmaster  for  the  Conservatives.  On  entering  the  Court,  The  - STYLE=superscript  MAYOR  said—Before  the  proceedings  commence,  I  am  anxious  to  make  a  few,  obsertations;.which  I  think  my  public  duty  requires.  It  is  with  no  slight  degree  both  of  surprise  and  regret,  that  I  find  objections  of  a  wholesale  nature  have  been  made  to  the  extent  of  21001  I  would  really  ask  the  gentlemen  what  is  to  be  gained  by  this  —not  a  fair  and  legitimate  expression  of  public  opinion  certainly,  but  an  unworthy  triumph,  reflecting  no  credit  on  any  party,  and  displaying  personal  enmity  and  ill-will  (hear,  hear).  The  legislature  certainly  never  contemplated  such  wholesale  and  frivolous  objections  as  have  been  witnessed  hi  our  registra registration  tion registration  courts.  Vigilance  is  indeed  necessary,  and  even  credit creditable,  able, creditable,  and  either  party  ought  to  be  watchful,  lest  by  trickery  on  the_one  hand,  or  fraud  on  the  other,  the  registry  should  be  swamped  by  hundreds,  or  even  by  one  person,.  who  had  no  right  legally  to  be  placed  upon  it,  But  that  vigilance  is  quite  a  different  thing  from  the  wholesale  batch  of  objections  which  are  made  against  hundreds,  I  may  say  thousands,  of  well-known  men,  resident  rate-payers;  and  all  these  notices  have  been  served  on  them,  on  the  very  last  day,  even  the  very  last  night,  allowed  by  the  law.  That  men  well-known  as  burgesses,  where  there  cannot  be  a  shadow  of  a  doubt  as  to  their  qualification,  by  some  technical  or  frivolous  objec objection  tion objection  made  by  the  letter  of  the  law  being  strained  in  contradiction  both  to  its  spirit  and  essence,  should  be  compelled  to  leave  their  avocations  at  great  personal  sacri sacrifice,  fice, sacrifice,  and  probably  pecuniary  loss,  to  attend  here  day  by  day,  or  otherwise  be  deprived  of  their  vote,  is  so  unjust  that  it  ought  to  be  universally  deprecated.  (Hear,  hear).  Many  persons  are  so  annoyed  at  this  system,  that  they  voluntarily  submit  to  be  struck  off  rather  than  incur  the  loss  of  time  ne necessary  cessary necessary  to  secure  their  votes.  Can  this  be  right  or  constitu constitutional  tional constitutional  ?  I  think  a  man  may  indeed  be  regardless  of  his  pro property,  perty, property,  or  wasteful  of  his  money,  but  he  is  not  to  be  robbed  of  it  ;  and  though  a  man  may  care  very  little  for  the  posses possession  sion possession  of  the  franchise,  still  that  is  no  - STYLE=superscript  right  that  he  should  be  unjustly  deprived  of  it.  Now,  I  have  taken  up  the  list  of  objections  in  one  of  the  wards  since  coming  on  the  bench,  and  I  observe  there  such  names  as  Mr.  Banker,  Mr.  Bullen,  Mr.  Ewart,  Mr.  Gladstone,  Mr.  Horsfall,  Mr.  Kersley,  Mr.  Manifold,  Mr.  Stewart,  another  Borough  Magistrate  and  Town  Councillor  ;  Mr.  Booth,  another  Magistrate,  Mr.  J.  H.  Tur Turner,  ner, Turner,  whom  I  have  personally  known  to  have  inhabited  the  same  house  for  thirty-five  years;  and  the  names  of  several  others  equally  well  known  and  respectable  gentlemen.  Now,  I  ask  are  these  things  fair  ?  I  think  in  one  ward,  Rodney  Ward,  there  are  1100  names  on  the  original  list,  and  of  these  no  less  than  800  are  objected  to:  I  say  this  is  an  un unfair  fair unfair  and  most  unconstitutional  proceeding.  The  legislature  ought  to  interfere  in  this  matter,  and  where  the  objection  failed,  costs  ought  to  be  given  in  this  municipal  the  same  'as  in  the  parliamentary  revision,  though  I  hope  the  period  is  not  far  distant,  when  one  registration  will  do  for  parliamentary  and  municipal  pur purposes.  poses. purposes.  For  a  long  period,  in  past  times,  I  was  subjected  to  this  annoyance,  and  I  remember  that  on  one  occasion  I  had  to  make  a  journey  from  Scotland  to  Liverpool  to  preserve  my  vote  at  a  period  when  my  parochial  assessment  amounted  to  several  hundreds  a  year.  lam  not  sure  if  an  action  were  brought  in  the  County  i  Court  that  one  would  not  get  re redress  dress redress  for  the  loss  and  inconvenience  caused  by  these  frivo frivolous  lous frivolous  objections  ;  but  yet  I  think  it  would  be  well  worth  to  try  the  experiment.  I  do  not  wish  these  remarks  to  be  binding  on  the  two  gentlemen  who  are  sitting  with  me  in  an  official  capacity.  I  take  the  responsibility  on  myself  in  thus  saying  what  I  conceive  to  be  imperatively  necessary.  The  wholesale  system  of  objections  to  men,  in  the  hope  that  they  cannot,  or  will  not  attend,  and  so  be  truck  off  the  registry,  is  a  foul  blot  and  stain,  discreditable  to  those  who  do  it,  I  care  not  of  what  party  they  are  (hear,  hear),  and  I  unhesi unhesitatingly  tatingly unhesitatingly  condemn  such  a  system  as  unjust,  oppressive,  and  unconstitutional.  If  I  speak  strongly  upon  this  subject,  it  is  because  I  feel  strongly  upon  it.  We  are  compelled,  I  presume  by  law,  to  strike  off  those  who  do  not  appear  when  called  upon  the  second  time  ;  but  whenever  I  am  obliged  to  do  so  in  the  case  of  well-known  men,  against  whom  merely  technical  or  frivolous  objections  are  made,  or  in  the  case  of  any  man,  against  whom  there  is  urged  no  valid  objection,  I  shall  consider  that  my  office  imposes  on  me  the  painful  ne necessity  cessity necessity  of  inflicting  on  him  that  legal  injustice.  Mr.  YATES  said  that  he  had  no  objection  to  say  that  he  honestly  agreed  with  what  the  Mayor  stated.  The  MAYOR  said  hehOpWtliat  the  parties  who  had  served  the  objections,  would  agree  together,  and  would  withdraw  crowds  of  those  which  would  be  perfectly  futile.  Mr.  BUCKMASTER  said  that  in  Rodney  Ward  for  many  years  back  unity  of  feeling  had  existed,  and  were  it  not  that  his  friends  understood  that  a  large  issue  would  take  place,  of  objections,  known  to  be  perfectly  frivolous  on  the  .  other  side,  they  would  not  have  prepared.  or  issued  objections  on  their  side.  An  issue  certainly  did  take  place,.  and  they  did  the  same  ;  but  as  it  would  bd  a  great  inconvenience  to  many  gentlemen  to  attend,  he  was  instructed  to  make  an  offer  to  withdraw  all  their  objections  provided  the  other  side  did  the  same.  That  offer  had  not  been  responded  to,  and  there therefore  fore therefore  nothing  remained  for  him  but  to  persevere  in  the  objections.  _  The  MAYOR  hoped  that  the  other  party  would  now  accede  to  the  offer,  and  he  was  sure  that  it  would  be  very  creditable  to  both  parties  if  they  did.  There  was  the  case  of  Mr.  Turner,  for  instance—.  Mr.  BREMERTON  said  that  as  the  Mayor  seemed  specially  to  refer  to  him,  he  should  say  that  he  could  see  no  dif difference  ference difference  between  Mr.  Turner  and  any  other  burgess  in  the  town.  He  could  not  agree  with  his  Worship  as  to  the  ob objections  jections objections  being  frivolous,  and,  with  the  greatest  deference  for  the  Court,  he  should  say  that  his  Worship's  remarks  would  be  much  better  after  the  revision,  because  then  they  would  have  a  fair  opporttmity  of  knowing  what  was  frivolous,  or  what  was  not  ;  and  by  that  means  the  shaft  would  be  aimed  at  those  who  merited  it,  and  not  in  the  general  and  sweeping  way  in  which  it  had  been  aimed.  He  was  not  called  on  as  an  advocate  to  defend  the  issuing  of  these  objections,  but  merely  to  do  his  duty;  but  in  doing  that  duty  he  would  not  draw  any  distinction  between  Mr.  Turner,  or  Mr.  Gladstone,  and  any  other  man  who  might  hold  the  franchise.  Mr.  Tur Turner  ner Turner  would  come  on  in  his  place  as  any  other  man  ;  and  he  (Mr.  Bretherton)  thought  that  the  late  revision,  consider considering  ing considering  that  it  was  the  largest  revision  ever  held  in  this  country,  was  conducted,  as  the  presiding  Barrister  had  been  pleased  to  state,  most  admirably  as  to  order  and  temper;  and  he  thought  they  would  not  depart  from  that  in  this  instance.  The  observations  made  did  not  affect  him  personally  ;  he  was  merely  an  advocate,  and  in  the  discharge  of  his  duty  he  would  know  no  distinction  between  any  men.  _  Mr.  YATES  said  he  conceived  that  his  experience  for  twelve  years  in  these  matters,  enabling  him  to  know  what  propor proportion  tion proportion  the  valid  to  the  invalid  objections  should  hold  in  such  a  list,  fully  justified  him  in  pronouncing  the  opinion  he  had  done.  That  opinion  had  been  expressed  by  the  Mayor,  and  he  (Mr.  Yates)  should  allow  it  to  stand.  •  Mr.  BRETHERTON  :  But  the  proceeding  which  has  been  adopted  is  not  unconstitutional  ;  for  the  only  way  by  which  the  balance  of  parties  can  be  preserved,  as  the  present  regi registration  stration registration  machinery  exists,  is  the  one  we  have  adopted.  You  must  not  blame  the  people  who  make  use  of  such  means,  but  you  must  blame  the  law  which  adopts  such  a  machinery.  You  must  not  blame  the  men,  but  the  system.  The  MAYOR  :  The  system  I  do  blame  9  but  at  the  same  time  I  cannot  withdraw  one  word  against  those  who  make  these  frivolous  objections,  whoever  they  may  be.  (Hear.  hear.)  Everton  Ward  was  the  first  taken  up,  and  it  was  resolved  that  the  names  should  be  gone  through  alphabetically.  MR.  BAINBRIGGE'S  LECTURE.—Last  evening,  Mr.  Bainbrigge  delivered  a  lecture  on  the  Physiology  of  the  at  the  Collegiate  Institution.  After  a  brief  intro introduction,  duction, introduction,  the  lecturer  proceeded  to  point  out  the  connection  between  the  mind  and  the  body,  and  showed  how  the  one  could  not  be  overtaxed  without  the  other  being  propor proportionably  tionably proportionably  injured  by  the  exertion.  He  then  dwelt  on  the  importance  of  physiological  science  in  connection  with  educa education,  tion, education,  and  illustrated  his  argument  by  showing  how  it  would  lead  parents  to  observe  more  clearly  the  tendencies  of  their  children,  and  thus  enable  them  to  develope  their  good,  and  check  their  bad  qualities.  He  then  asked  what  time  should  education  commence  ?  And  he  answered  it  by  saying  that,  though  various  answers  had  been  given  to  the  question,  yet,  in  his  opinion,  the  earliest  dawn  of  consciousness  should  be  the  starting  point  of  education.  For,  from  that  period,  the  mind  receives  impressions,  and  we  should  never  teach  children  what  they  should  in  after  life  unlearn.  The  lecturer  then  eloquently  pourtrayed  how  the  subtlest  truth  in  meta metaphysics  physics metaphysics  was  to  be  found  in  the  Scripture,  Love  is  the  ful fulfilling  filling fulfilling  of  the  law  for  love  led  us  to  duty,  and,  in  the  per performance  formance performance  of  duty,  was  fulfilled.  Passing  from  this  head,  he  proceeded  to  consider  the  formation  of  character,  and  its  importance,  not  only  to  the  individual,  but  to  society.  The  lecturer  dwelt  on  this  head  at  considerable  length,  and  impressed  on  his  hearers,  that  as  the  formation  of  character  determined  the  fate  of  the  individual,  so  was  it  the  more  necessary  that  parents  and  teachers  should  watch  every  phase  of  its  development  in  the  child  and  pupil.  The  lecturer  was  warmly  applauded  at  the  conclusion  of  the  addresss."
