text
"..  MOAT  TA  R,  Y  AND  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY  EVENING  •  Great  efforts  are  being  made  on  the,  Continent  to  economise  food,  and  keep  down  the  pricb  of  corn.  The  legislative  body  at  Frankfort  have  just  forbid forbidden  den forbidden  the  purchase  of  potatoes  for•  distilleries  and  starch  factories,  and  the  free  import  of  grain  in  the  Zollverein  is  prolonged  to  the  . STYLE=superscript  30th  September,  1854.  French  newspapers  publish  the  usual  Monthly  re return,  turn, return,  which  fixes  the  duty  on  the  importation  of  corn  for  the  next  fortnight.  The  average  price  for  all.  France  is  27.  92c.  per  hectolitre.  The  price  of  bread  in  Paris  for  the  first  fortnight  of  the  present  month  is  maintained  at  40c.  £he  Pays  says  The  movement  of  importation  amply  respond  to  the  wants  of  our  market.  The  deficiency  in  the  harvest  this  year  is,  it  is  well  -, STYLE=superscript  own,  less  than  it  was  in  184(i.  At  the  latter  h.  and  dUring  the  period  of  supply  .  of  1846-47,  antity  imported  was  16,081,029  hecto hecto-,  -, hecto-,  But,  as  has  been  several  times  . STYLE=superscript  remarked,  it  must  not  be  forgotten  that  a  considerable  por portion  tion portion  of  this  enormous  quantity,  to  the  amount  of  a  quarter  or  a  fifth  part,  remained  unemployed  for  the  wants  of  1847.  There  will  be,  therefore,  no  advantage,  in  the'  arrivals  exceeding  the  actual  quantities,  and  there  would  not  even  be  any  incon inconvenience  venience inconvenience  in  their  diminishing  in  a  short  time.  In  fact,  what  is  desirable  is  that  the  import  should  be  sufficient  to  satisfy  the  wants..  without  causing  a  definite  surplus  in  the  market,  in  the  event  of  the  year  1854  furnishing  a  good  harvest,  as  there  is  every  reason  to  hope  it  will.  Supposing  that  the  quantity  of  50,000  hectolitres  a  day,  or  near  it,  be  maintained,  -the  import  at  the  end  of  December,  1853,  will  amount  to  six  millions  of  hectolitres  of  corn,  including  the  three  millions  already  imported.  If  it  continue  in  the  same  portions  to  the  end  of  June  next.  France  will  have  received  about  15  millions  of  hectolitres  in  ten  It  is  con considered  sidered considered  probable  that  the  ships  now  'loading  at  Odessa  will  bring  away  not  less  than  600,000  quar quartext  text quartext  of  wheat.  the  total  q  u  .These„  satisfactory  advices  from  the  Continent,  added  to  those  of  a  still  more  encouraging  charac character  ter character  from  America,  caused  the  London  speculators  to  pause  before  it  was  too  late,  and  consequently  the  Market  closed  yesterday  in  a  languid  state,  and  if  the  Liverpool  Trade  act  with  equal  caution,  little  harm  can  be  done.  The  large  exports  of  grain  which  have  taken  place  to  Ireland  within  the  last  few  weeks  are  nothing  more  than  what  is  usual  at  this  season.  In  the  autumn,  the  Irish  millers  impoil  grain  for  the  purpose  of  keeping  down  prices  in  their  own  markets,  and  when  this  has  been  accomplished,  they  commence  milling  and  keep  up  a  regular  export  of  flour  to  this  country.  In  a  few  weeks,  therefore,  we  may  expect  heavy  arrivals  from  the  Irish  ports.  The  Tagus  steam-ship  from  Gibraltar  brings  £5,000  in  specie  on  freight.  The  Lisbon  Board  of  Health  had  declared  Liverpool  an  infected  port  from  the  sth  of  November,  and  had  compelled  the  Rattler  to  discharge  into  the  Lazaretto.  The  Tagus  brings  a  large  cargo  of  fruits  and  a  variety  of  other  merchandise.  Bills  upon  London  were  scarce  at  Lisbon,  and  money  remained  over  at  54  for  three  monthS.  Oporto  Bank  Shares  were  quoted  sto  6  per  cent.  premium  in  metal.  The  Commercial-  advices  from  South  America  by  the  Magdalena  are  not  important.  A  second  remit remittance  tance remittance  of  gold,  value  45,000  dollars,  had  been  re received  ceived received  at  Panama,  from  Australia  for  New  York.  The  net  profits  of  the  railways  of  Chili  amount  to  223,000  dollars,  or  about  12  per  cent,  upon  a  capi capitalAonf  talAonf capitalAonf  .1,8.  advertisements  ,  dollars.nO  appears  in  the  London  papers,  which  states  that  th  e  B  ank  of  England  is  autho  rised  to  pay  forthwith,  upon  the  application  of  such  holders  as  may  ha  ve  di  ssented  from  the  pro  posed  con  Version,  the  amount  of  the  various  petty'  stocks  known  as  New  South  S  ea  Annuities,  Three  per  Cents.  1751,  and  Three  per  Cents.  1726,  which  will  fall  due  .on  the  sth  of-  January  next.  The  discount  to  be  charged  is'  four  per  cent.,  and  no  sums  of  stock  will  be  received  less  than  10001.  The  total  which  may  thus  be  called  for  is  2,380,001/.,  the  aggregate  amount  of  the  three  stocks  having  been  3,134  ;  240/.,  of  which  the  portion  to  be  con converted  verted converted  is  only  754,2391.  This  measure  is  generally  looked  on  with  satisfaction,  as  it  will  throw  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  sum  into  the  Money-market,  where  it  is  much  needed  at  the  present  moment.  Under  the  influence  of  this  timely  relief,  Consols  closed  at  At  4  to.  or,  for  account,  and  947,-  to  95*  for  money.  Three-amba-quarter  per  Cents.,  99  *•  '  Bank  Stock,  21.5  to  216;  Excheque  r  Bill  s  ,  l  s.  to  ss.  premium.  In  the  Foreign  House,  a  good  amount  of  busi business  ness business  was  - STYLE=superscript  transacted  at  the  following  quotations  Mexican,  26.  t,  to  Hi;  Spanish  -New  deferred,  20i  io  22;  Passive,  41  to  5;  Ditto  Three  per  cents,  44  to  45.  The  Liverpool  Cotton-Market  was  flat  again  to today.  day. today.  The  sales  amounted  to  5000  bales,  of  which  1000  were  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export.  Our  Share  Market  has  been  remarkable  firm  again  to-day,  and  closed  nearly  at  its  highest  point.  THE  RIOTS  AT  WIGAN.  [FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.]  WIGAN,  THURSDAY  NIGHT  1.1  •  An  outrage  was  committed  last  night,  but  it  was  fortu fortunately  nately fortunately  not  attended  with  any  serious  results.  About  six  o'clock,  an  attempt  was  made  to  blow  up  the  engine  shed  of  a  pit  belonging  to  the  Moss  Hall  Coal  Company,  on  Am Amberswood  berswood Amberswood  .Common,  Ince,  about  a  mile-and-a-half  from  Wigan.  The  roof  was  destroyed;  and  a  portion  of  a  wall,  fifteen  feet  long  and  nine  feet  high,  was  thrown  down  by  the  blast.  One  of  the  company's  servants  had  just  left  the  place,  when  he  heard  a  report  of  gunpowder,  but  did  not  re return  turn return  to  ascertain  whence  the  noise  proceeded  ;  and  it  was  not  until  this  morning  that  it  was  discovered  the  outrage  had  been  committed.  Nothing  of  a  suspicious  nature  was  found  in  or  near  the  shed,  but  a  small  piece  of  a  fusee  such  as  colliers  use  to  blast  with.  No  person  was  seen  lurking  about  the  place,  and  as  yet  the  police  have  been  unable  to  obtain  any  clue  to  the  perpetrators  of  the  act.  The  damage  is  estimated  at  from  £8  to  £lO.  The  engine  is  not  injured.  During  last  night,  mounted  messengers  were  employed  to  carry  reports  as  to  the  state  of  feeling  from  three  of  the  out  townships,  to,  the  mayor  and  magistrates  assembled  at  the  public  hall.  The  places  from  which  they  started  were  the  Sawmill  at  Haigh,  the  police  office  at  Pemberton,  and  the  police  office  at  Ince  ;  but  there  was  no  attempt  to  create  a  disturbance.  This  morning,  the  men  employed  at  the  Pemberton  col colliery,  liery, colliery,  belonging  to  Messrs.  J.  Blundell  &amp;  Son,  again  turned  out,  without  assigning  any  reason  for  refusing  to  comply  with  the  terms  agreed  to  by  them  the  day  before.  At  noon  to-day,  the  forty  men  of  the  34th  regiment  of  infantry,  left  on  Monday  night  at  the  sawmill,  under  the  command  of  Lieutenant  Westhead,  were  relieved  by  the  same  number  of  rank  and  file  'under  the  command  of  Captain  Sfaxwell,  from  the  public  The  usual  county  o  tabulary  force  for  the  district  around  Wigan  has  been  strengthened  by  seventy  or  eighty  addi additional  tional additional  officers,  and  all  the  constables  carry  cutlasses.  Captain  Woodford,',chiefconstnble  of  the  county,  and  Captain  SheppFd,  assistant  chief  constable,  have  been  in  Wigan  and  the  neigh neighbourhood  bourhood neighbourhood  the  greater  part  of  the  week.  This  morning  two  carts,  each  drawn  by  a  number  of  colliers,  were  takenthrough  the  town  attended  by  a  number  of  men,  who  entered  shops  and  other  places  and  asked  for  relief,  which  the  people  at  once  gave  them,  being  afraid  to  refuse.  The  bread,  pota potatoes,  toes, potatoes,  and  other  provisions  which  they  received  they  put  in  the  carts.  Both  parties  were  stopped  by  the  police,  and  told  that  if  they  did  not  desist,  they  wou  ld  b  e  t  a  k  en  into  custrdy.  The  warning  had  the  desired  effect:  T  wo  car  t  s  were  ou  t  at  Pemberton  in  a  similar  manner,  and  one  at  Ashton-in-  Mackerfield.  The  Mayor,  on  hearing  of  it,  sent  a  request  to  the  superintendents  of  the  constabulary  to  put  a  stop  to  it  in  their  respective  districts.  This  day  is  the  last  day  onwhich  the  magistrates  will  receive  claims  under  £3O  in  amount,  from  parties  whose  property  suffered  by  the  riot  von  which  they  have  the  power:  to  adjudicate.  Parties  who  claim  more  Phan  that  sum  must  bring  an  action  at  W  hen  my  report  left  to-night  all  was  peaceable  in  the  town  and  neighbourhood.  FATAL  ACCIDENT  TO  A  BOY.—Edward  Dunne,  a  boy  of  11  years  of  age,  fell  into  a  teller  at  No.  1  Court,  Manesty-lane,  on  Saturday,  and  died  on  Wednesday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  from  the  injuries  le  had  received.  The  Floating  Mariner's  Church  has  been  re remove  move remove  into  the  Canning  Dock,  and  a  large  bank  of  mud  marks  the  spot  where  it  was  formerly  moored.  This  is  . STYLE=superscript  be because  cause because  the  dredging  machine  could  not  be  brought  back  under  it  while  afloat.  DEATH  FROM  EXCESSIVE  DRINKING.  Sylvester  Mc  Conachie,  a  man  40  years  old,  residing  at  41,  Bridge Bridgewater-street,  water-street, Bridgewater-street,  died  suddenly  in  bed,  on  Wednesday  evening.  His  death  was  caused  by  excessive  drinking.  ACCIDENT  TO  THE  LIISITANIA.  -  Yesterday,  the  trial  trip  of  this  fine  screw  steamer  was  to  have  taken  place,  but  unfortunately,  in  crossing  the  river  opposite  to  Mr.  Laird's  building  yard,  she  ran  aground  between  Rock  Ferry  and  New  Ferry.  She  was  got  off  on  this  morning's  tido  without  damage.  FATAL  ACCIDENT  AT  THE  DOCKS.—MiChaeLAPLeaD,  a  dock  labourer,  on  Monday  afternoon,  was  stowing  salt  in  bags  on  board  the  Ame  r  ica  n  s  hip  Western  when  one  of  the  bags  slipped  from  the  slings,  and  struck  deceased  on  the  head.  He  died  on  Tuesday,  and  aninquest  was  held  on  the  body  yesterday,  when  a  verdict  of  acciden accidental  tal accidental  death  was  returned,"
