text
"COUNTY  COURT-YE  STERDAY  (Before  JosnrH  PoLLocK,  Esq.)  GREEN  V.  GoLDING.--The  plaintiff  is  an  omnibus  cad,  and  he  sought-  to  recover  10s.  from  the  defendant  under  the  following  circumstances  :—lt  appeared  that  Mr.  Golding  was  returning  home  some  short  time  since,  in  one  of  the  'West  Derby  omnibusses,  of  which  the  plaintiff  was  the  cad,  and  in  leaving  the  omnibus,  he  left  his  snuff-box  on  the  top.  By  and  bye,  not  finding  the  box  in  his  pocket,  he  conceived  that  he  must  have  dropped  it,  and  he  accordingly  got  bills  posted  up,  offering  a  reward  of  10s.  to  any  one  who  would  bring  it  to  him.  The  plaintiff  found  the  box  on  the  om omnibus,  nibus, omnibus,  but  did  not  inform  either  the  driver  or  his  employer  of  the  circumstance.  He  retained  the  box  in  his  possession  for  three  days,  and  immediately  on  seeing  the  bills,  he  came  forward  and  claimed  the  reward.  Mr.  Golding  said  he  de defended  fended defended  the  action  on  public  grounds,  because  he  conceived  it  was  the  duty  of  the  plaintiff  to  have  given  up  the  box  im immediately  mediately immediately  on  finding  it,  to  the  proprietor  of  the  omnibus.  His  Hononr  concurred  in  the  propriety  of  the  defence,  and  said  that  he  was  constrained  solely  by  the  wording  of  the  bills  to  allow  the  plaintiff  his  claim.  He  severely  censured  the  conduct  of  the  plaintiff,  and  pointed  out  to  him  that  it  wit.,  his  duty,  and  the  duty  of  all  in  n.  like  situation,  to  have  given  up  the  box  immediately  to  his  employers,  so  that  the  ownership  might  be  traced,  as  in  the  present  instance  it  might  easily  have  been  done.  That  the  plaintiff  had  not  done,  and  he  therefore  thought  it  right  to  tell  him  that  he  had  rim  a  very  narrow  chance  of  being  convicted  of  felony.  Claim  allowed,  and  costs  out  of  pocket.  GLASGOW  AUSTRALIAN  TRADE.—In  consequence  of  the  late  unfavourable  news  from  Melbourne,  large  ship shipments  ments shipments  of  flour,  cigars,  and  miscellaneous  goods  of  every  description,  intended  for  that  market,  are  hem°.  b  discharged,  and  several  ships  on  the  berth  have  been  withdrawn.  THE  CHOLERA  IN  LONDON--Although  the  Ge General  neral General  Board  of  Health  has  not  commenced  issuing  daily  bulletins  of  the  progress  of  the  cholera  in  London,  as  it  has  for  some  time  with  regard  to  the  towns  in  the  north,  where  this  fearful  scourge  has  appeared,  the  disease  is  decidedly  increasing  in  nearly  every  part  of  the  metropolis.  The  weekly  report  of  the  Registrar-General,  published  on  Tues Tuesday  day Tuesday  evening,  contained  the  particulars  of  -47  fatal  cases,  distributed  over  London  in  the  week  ending.  Saturday  last.  In  the  previous  week  there  were  29,  and  in  the  week  before  that,  only  16.  There  can,  therefore,  be  no  doubt  that  it  is  extending  paiticularly  in  the  low-lying  districts  upon  the  banks  of  the  Thames,  some'  of  which  are  in  it  most  disgust disgusting  ing disgusting  and  dangerous  state  from  the  want  of  proper  drainage  and  of  the  ordinary  means  of  cleanliness.  All  the  pairshes,  however  .are  bestirring  themselves  a  c  ti  ve  ly,  an  d  th  e  G  enera  l  Board  Of  Health,  in  every  case  where  it  has  no  right  of  legal  interference,  interposes  with  practical  recommenda recommendations.  tions. recommendations.  Yesterday  [Wednesday]  there  were  special  services  in  the  churches  belonging-  to  the  Establishment  in  the  deanery  of  Southwark,  and  in  many  parts  the  day  was  kept  with  the  same  solemnity  as  the  appointed  Fast-day  of  1849."
