text
"T.HE  REV.  H.  S.  BROWN'S  LECTURE.  Last  evening  the  Rev.  H.  S.  Brown  delivered  another,  the  last  but  cue  in  tho  series,  of  hie  lectures,  the  Religions  of  the  Eastern  in  the  Concert-hall,  Lord  Nelson-street.  The  subject  of  the  lecture  was  The  History  of  the  Armenian  Having  described  the  many  Controversies  on  minute  points  of  doctrine,  which  from  its  outset  distracted  the  Eastern  church,  the  lecturer  gave  a  graphic  account  of  the  scenes  which,  took  place  at  the  synods  assembled  to  determine  the  mooted  quescions.  At  those  synods,  quitting  the  war  of  words  they  had  recourse  to  blows  and  tusselled  =With  patriarch—bishop:pitched  into  bishop—priest  grappled  with  priest,  until  the  sanguinary  stream  flowed  fast  and  thick  from frommany  many frommany  an  ecclesiastical  nose.  These  scenes,  he  did  not  mean  to  imply,  were  confined  to  the  Church  of  Rome.  No,  they  were  shared  in  by  all  the  churches—Romish,  Greek,  Arme Armenian,  nian, Armenian,  and  Protestant  ;  and  we  learned  this  one  great  lesson  from  all  their  controversies  and  strife—a  lesson  illustrated  a  thousand  times  over  in  the  pages  of  ecclesiastical  history,  that  it  is  not  safe  to:trust  any  ecclesiastics  with  any  measure  of  temporal  power.  (Applause).  The  lecturer  then  briefly  sketched  the  rise  and  progress  of  the  Nestorian  church,  de detailing  tailing detailing  by  way  of  episode  the  main  features  of  St.  Cyril's  life,  and  how  fast  and  furious  the  controve  rs STYLE=superscript  y  on STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  M  onophosite  doctrine,  or  the  unity  of  our  Lord's  human  and  divine  nature,  waged  between  him  and  Nestorius.  Having  alluded  to  the  progress  of  the  Nestoria  n STYLE=superscript  creed STYLE=superscript  throughout  the  nations  of  the  East,  the  lecturer  alluded  to  that  mythical  being  Prester  and  created  much  amusement  by  reading  that  hero's•&#34;  letter  to  Alexis  Commenus,  descriptive  of  the  magnificence  of  his  kingdom.  The  lecturer,  in  conclusion,  described  with  much  minuteness  the  differences,  or  rather  the  distinctions  without  a  which  separated  the  Armenian  from  the  Greek  and.other  Eastern  churches,  and  its  present  form  and  government.  The  rev.  gentleman  was  enthusiastically  applauded  at  the  conclusion  of  his  address.  CHARGE  OF  SEDUCTION  AND  FRAUD  AGAINST  A  CLERGYMAN.  On  Friday  last  the  Rev.  Henry  Francis  Hewgilt,  curate  hf  Crofton,  near  Fareham,  Hants,  was  brought  up  before  the  magistrates  at  Fareham,  Lord  El.  Cholmoudley,  M.  P.,  in  the  chair,  on  the  charge  of  obtaining  money  under  false  pretences.  On  the  17th  of  November  last  the  accused  who  has  resided  in  the  parish  about  eighteen  months,  and  is  a  married  man,  thirty-four  years  of  age,  having  a  wife  and  four  children,  suddenly  left  Crofton  with  a  young  woman  named  Macfar Macfarlane,  lane, Macfarlane,  the  daughter  of  a  pensioner  living  in  the  village,  who  has  lately  filled  the  office  of  mistress  at  the  village  school.  During  the  absence  of  the  rector  for  the  benefit  of  his  health,  at  Bournemouth,  the  general  duties  of  the  p  arish STYLE=superscript  and STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  ten  vi  d  n  e  o  nce  ua  o  u  f  ,  tl  u  t  u  ctalS  , STYLE=superscript  sx  , STYLE=superscript  x+nrtnnitioGt  OT  school  devolved  upon  the  curate,  conversing  with  the  schoolmistress,  and  a  close  intimacy  sprung  up  between  them.  In  a  diary  found  subsequently  to  the  elopement  upon  the  young  woman  she  had  made  entries,  such  as  Dear  Harry  kissed  me  for  the  first  describing  date,  time,  and  place  The  missing  pair  were  traced  to  Boulogne,  where  they  remained  for  about  a  week,  living  in  the  first  style,  and  frequenting  the  theatre  and  other  places  of  amusement.  From  Boulogne  they  returned  to  England,  and  having  spent  some  time  in  London,  afterwards  visited  various  parts  ot7the  country,  until  at  length  the  young  woman  was  deserted  by  the  clergyman,  in  the  metropolis,  without  a  penny  in  her  pocket.  A  warrant,  however,  having  been  issued  against  him  for  having  obtained  money  under  false  pretences,  it  was  placed  in  the  hands  of  superintendent  Harvey,  who  was  soon  upon  his  track,  and  apprehended  him  under  the  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  detailed  in  his  evidence.  He  conveyed  hint  to  London,  where:he  was  locked  up  for  the  night  at  the  Vine Vinestreet  street Vinestreet  station,  and  on  the  following  morning  brought  before  the  magistrates  at  Marlborough-street,  and  directed  to  be  conveyed  to  Faveham,  where  a  crowd  of  two  hundred  persons  had  assembled  at  the  railway  station,  and  expressed  their  disapprobation  by  hooting,  hissing,  and  groaning.  Mr.  Harvey  at  the  same  time  brought  Miss  Macfarlane  with  him  to  Fareham,  and  handed  her  over  to  her  relatives  ;  and  the  family  of  her  companion  in  guilt  having  .  been  under  the  charge  of  Mr.  Turner,  a  gentleman  living  in  the  district.  At  the  examination  on  Friday,  evidence  was  gone  into  in  support  of  the  charge  of  obtaining  money,  and  the  clergyman  was  committed.  The  magistrates  said  they  would  take  b  ail STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  himself  in  L5OO,  and  two  sureties  in  £250  each.  or  THE  FRANCHISE  IN  BELFAsT.---The  Parliamentary  fran franchise  chise franchise  in  Belfast  this  year  amounts  to  3490.  NEW  COPPER  COINAGE.—In  consequence  of  the  applica application  tion application  made  by  Mr.  Davison,  M.P.,  on  the  part  of  the  Belfast  merchants,  for  a  supply  of  the  new  copper  coinage,  twenty twentyeight  eight twentyeight  boxes,  weighing  about  'a  ton  and  a-half,  of  the  new  coin  arrived  in  that  town  a  few  days  ago.  In  a  very  short  time  afterwards  the  entire  quantity  was  divided  among  the  merchants,  and  put  into  immediate  circulation.  SUDDEN  DEATHS.—Yesterday  morning  a  clerk  employed  at  the  Wapping  station,  Whose  name  is  William  Lee,  fell  down  and  almost  instantly  expired  at  the  station.  He  re resided  sided resided  at  Huyton,  An  inquest  will  be  held  on  the  body  this  day.—Martha  Robinson,  who  keeps  a  tobacconist's  shop  in  Great  Howard-street,  was  found  dead  in  her  bed  yesterday  morning.  There  is  every  reason  to  suppose  that  sherdieel  from  congestion  of  the  brain."
