text
".  •  .  --  ________._____  .  -  •  --.-  -  -  -  -  -  .  .  .  .  -  rag  .  ,-k_  i  ets  d  , STYLE=superscript  e'ti_iiiii,  ,  _  ,  •  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  •  •  .  _  .  .  .  •  ...  .  -  ___  .  •  .....  .  _  ,  .  .  ----  _  _______  .  ,  .  .  ,  .  ,„,  —  ,  ..  .  asn  vehyther  the  conncil  had  the  opportunity  of  inspecting  -  secure  better  ventilation  - STYLE=superscript  was  brproviding  a  better  - STYLE=superscript  banding.  great  distress,  and  that  he  - STYLE=superscript  deserved,  Some  trifling  employe  .  .  abl  , STYLE=superscript  :a  - STYLE=superscript  eipiitted,  and  the  degradation,  if  there  was  any,  fell  rieht  ;  and  if  the  dock  committee  Was  called-uponto  p•  lade  a  SUPPLY  OF  PER  urrAY  duida  .  t  upon  the  individuals  who  subscribed  the  money  which  pro-  landing-stage  were  it  now  was,  they  were  surely  called  upon  those  designs  l'  -  -  Mr.  Alderman  TURNER  remarked  that  those  designs  wore  reniVice  t  o  b  n  e  n  n  n  e  y  w  as  b  k  u  e  i  d  id  i  i  f  i  zy  Steps  had  been  taken  in  gefe-  went  at'  their  hands  :•  n  _  a  ,  secuted  him.  .•  (Hear;  hear  and  laughter.)  So  far.  feriae'.  to  provide  all  thesenennanany  appliances  which  the  public  r• STYLE=superscript  to  ll STYLE=superscript  IMr.  ROBERTSON'  . STYLE=superscript  GLIDsToNt  said'  that  he  was  not  f  &amp;  s  pate.  .  We  have  been  favoured  with  copies  o  .  i  s  self.  Now  Mr.  Alderman'Dover  they  all  know  to  be  a  een-  safety  required.  He  triested  the  matter  wo  u  ld  be  attended  alevays  laid  on  the  table  for  the  approval  of  the  council.  .  Mr.  Picroer  :We  have  passed  a  •  resolution  which  has.  thoroughly  acquainted  with  the  cincumstanees  of  this  caee,  scientious  man  and  an  upright  man,  who  deservedly  stood  to.  .  i.  Mr.  Nicol.  asked  whether  anything  had  been  done,  leen  confirmed  by  the  council,  to  advertise  *for  competent  .  but  so  far  as  h.e  could  gather,  Mr.  M'Donald  laboured  under  Pacific,  containing  most  interesting  and  importee  le  ;Win'  v  nign  e  nn  the  opinion  of  the  t  o  wn.  But  he  remembered  when  •  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  should  like  to  know  whether  '  this  with  reference  t°  the  letter  of  Mr.  Booth?  Mr.  Booth  was  plans  as  soon  as  we  can  obtain  the  proper  plans  for  the  site.  the  impression  that  if  a  committee  were  appointed  he  would  ,  motion  relative  to  the  quantity  of  guano  remaed.,_  .  Ni•  - STYLE=superscript  eldrio  - STYLE=superscript  ddreitentea  - STYLE=superscript  great  partizan,  an  d  no  one  took  &amp;greater  was  for  the  accommodation  of  the  public  of  Birkenhead  , STYLE=superscript  or  a  gentleman  of  acknowledged  taste,  and  he  should  be  glad  to  Mat  the  surveyor  is  now  in  a,  position  to  do  so,,  so  that  we  be  able  to  lay  before  theta  such  a  'statement  in  reference  to  Chincha  Islands.  It  will  be  seen  that  the  quantity.ol  -  -  he  interest  in  the  contests  in  every  ward  in  the  town,  and  the  pnblic  of  Liverpool  ?  (hear,  hear  )—beca•use  if  it  was  of  what  was  done  know  .  .  .  vill  proceed  in  the  matter  as  soon  as  ye  properly  can.  '.  his  merits  and  position,  SS  would  . STYLE=superscript  lead  the  .council  to  take  a  •vea  A  Mr.  Alderman  TURNER  said  Mr.  Cockerell  would  be  The  report  was  then.  adopted.  The  recommendation  to  more  favourable  and  lenient  view  of  'his  present  unfortunate  to  be  still  available  is  considerably  under  nhat  gi  nte  in,  _,  warded  to  the  admiralty  by  - STYLE=superscript  the  admiral  commandal  ge  gave  him  - STYLE=superscript  full  - STYLE=superscript  credit  for  it.  .Now  it  appeared  that  he  thought  that  importance  they  should  have  a  fo  , STYLE=superscript  g  committee.  -  down  ver  soon  and  then  Mr  Booth's  lett  r  greaCallowance  -  ought  to  he  made  for  Mr.  Bradley  putting  ,  Mr.  Moss  :  And  I  shall  propose  Mr.  Alderman  Parker  as  .  y  ~  ~  e  would  be  taken  Tpoint  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.  William  Roulston  superintendent  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  lend-  circumetancese  'fiber°  were  any  truth  in  that  assertion,  it  tity  *estimated  from  the  examination  made  by  inde  e  d  :•,  tiq  ,  thescreev  on  in  - STYLE=superscript  electioneering  matters.  He  would  not  sa  3'  chairman  of  it.  (Great  laughter.)  into  consideration.  -Mr.  Aldermen  BENNETT  begged  to  be  allowed  to  ask  was  'eat  council.  nig  libreries,  at  a  salary.  of  1100,  being  postponed  till  the  did  appeer  to  be  a  hard  case  that  Mr  M`Donald  should:not  news  brought  by  the  Pacific  mail  just  arri:s  t  e  li  d  e  .  co  el-  _  i STYLE=superscript  '  O  cC STYLE=superscript  l  ,t&lt;  e  .  '  tosh,  naval  instructor,  and  forwarded  by  ~,,,g  tee  ,  that  Mr.•  Dover  ever.used  anything  of  the  sort.  He  did  not  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  believed  the  dock  and  finance  hone  thorough  justice,  though  et  the  same  time,  he  (Mr.'  Reuse  him,  but  it  looked  suspicious  that  a  gentleman  should  committees  would  do  every  thing  they  possibly  could  to  ac-  .it  the  intention  of  the  chairman  to  have  St.  George's  Hall  On  the  motion  of  Mr,  WAGSTAFF,  sect:tided  by  Mr.  Gladstone)  was  very  far  from  saying  that  Stich  justicehad  opened—he  hoped  by  her  Majesty—before  the  meeting  of  3ENNETT,  the  report  of  the  hackney  carriage  and  licensing  not  been  done  him  ;  but  he  considered  'himself  •  aggrieved,  counts  brought  by  the  mail  state  the  present  s  ne  l  ei  in-chief  in  the  Pacific,  is  8,600,000  tons  ;  Nywn'  to  e  tin  come  forward  to  defend  Mr.  Bradley  upon  that  occasion.  cemmodate  their  neighbours  in  Cheshire  ;  and  he  believed  ,n  - STYLE=superscript  lie  .  argument  might  look  very  well  in  a  case  like  his  it  ',was  now  in  contemplation  to  have  cars  to  take  them  up  to  the  British  Association  was  held  in  it  ?  committee  was  adopted,  -  and  that  his  case  had  never  been  fairly  nor  fully  heard.  fidence,  '  ',lt  .  .  of  his  data,  in  which  he  says  he  has  con  _  o  n&amp;  B,  25,000,000,  Adm  1  Moresby,  however,  .states,  as  'f  e  n  •-  _  o(Aldermaa  .  Parkees)  where  it  was  brought  before  a  i  BATHS  COMMITTEE.  :  Mr.  JOHNSON  observed  that  there  was  an  appointment  islands  will  be  exhausted  of  the  guano  that  se  .  0  ,  Jury:  the  Exchange.  .(A  laugh.)  He  did  not  believe  even  that  The  MAYOR  said  it  was  impossible  to  tell.  Mr.  Alderman  Beetrineer  should  not  like  the  hall  opened  by  The  report  of  this  committee  was  read.  It  recommended  in  the  hands  -of  the  finance  *committee,  and  he  therefore  fee  n_  hg  bate  the  corincil  had  nothing  to  do  with  ite  and,  therefore,  it  would  satisfy  them  ;  but  every  thing  that  could  be  done  n  or  be  saleable  in  the  English  .  foreigners  and  strangers,  but  by  her  Majesty.  (Laughter.)  hat  the  pier-head  baths  be  roofed  over  with  zinc  in  place  Moved  that  the  letter•be  referred.  to  them.  was  to  put  the  council  right  that  he  seconded  the  nominee  would  be-done  for  them.  .  or  mne  years.  The  following  are  the  princmat  el  jag  ,  e  (  tie*  nf  nalr.  Bradley  Sto  the  water  committee,  an,d  to  'show  .  !  !Mr.  TURNER  said  this  matter  had  not  escaped  the  atten-  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  could  only  tell  his  worthy  friend.  ,f  tiles;  the  estimated  cost  being  1220..  .In  this,  however,  Mr.  Fnaenrionciri  denied  that  Mr.  M'Donald's  case  had  '  these  dispatches  :  From  the  northern  or  priliclP:  t  ee  o STYLE=superscript  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  :e.  p  Mr.  Dover  that  the  council  had  done  very  properly  and  tien  of.  the  dock  committees.  It  had  been  brought  before  and  brother  alderman,  'that  the  Queen  was  an  expensive  vere  also  included  tWo'  new  private  baths.  -  .•  not  been  fully  .  and  fairly  investigated.  It  wan  well  known  more  than  one-third  the  guano  has  been  remove  u STYLE=superscript  ;a  l  iten  d STYLE=superscript  ‘  ° STYLE=superscript  I  .  justly,  •arnl  there  he  thought  the  matter  ought  to  rest.  !  thr  many  times  and  it  was  extremely  -difficult,  as  every  guest.  (Hear,  hear,  and  oh  !oh  !).  She  would  not  attend  Mr.  WAGSTAFF,  in  moving  the  adoptien  of  the  reporn,  that  the  question  had  been  more  than  once  investigated;  and  m  der  may  be  divided  into  three  portions  al  l STYLE=superscript  le  e  n  (Hear,  hear.)  If  the  constitheneyof  Vauxhall-ward,  when-  m  n  connected  with  sea-faring  matters  knew,  to  adopt  any-  an  oratorio;  and  it  was  no  doubt  intended  to  open  the  hall  iaid  that  in  this  1220-,  therefore,  it  was  unreasonable  to  . STYLE=superscript  expect  that  their  time  ties  :  •  el.  ever.  .Mr.  •Bradley  came.  .  before  them  thought  proper  to  thin  e  effectual  in  fog  Light  was  not  seen  at  any  distance  ;  with  an  oratorio  in  favour  of  the  public  charities.  '  Mr.  BECKWITH  :  .  Will  you  - STYLE=superscript  speak  up  Mr,  Wagataff.  chuld  be  wasted  in  again  entering  on  the  subject.  •erlt:  nes  •  First.  That  termed  English  guano,  as  forta  .  ~  ,  teturn  him  he  should  be  received  in  the  council.  •  th'  ;had  tried  bells  and  gongs.  Anything  that  could  rea-  Mr.  Alderman  BENNETT  hoped  the  buildine  would  be  'Laughter.)  -.'  .  '  :  Mr.  HORNBY  remarked  that  Mr.  APDonald's  claims  had  selected  for  the  English  market.  ,  ane  •  riti  41 STYLE=superscript  .4  g) STYLE=superscript  '3lt.•Dovea  :  I  wish  a  word'of  explanation.  Mr.  Nichol-  so  r STYLE=superscript  ably  be  done  would  be  dene,  and  as  some  proof  of  that,  urged  forward,  and  that  it  should  be,  opened  ° STYLE=superscript  before  the  '  3lr.  WAGSTAFF  replied  that  he  never  spoke  in  the  council,  ,  been  before  them  for  the  last  six  or  seven  years,  and  that  he  Secondly.  Th  t  •t  d  Is'  f  •  h  • STYLE=superscript  ps  .°  a  a  expor  e  y  ()reign  s  1  son  seemi'to  be  under  the.  impression  that  I  'connected  his  d  i STYLE=superscript  called  attention  to  the  fact,  that  including  the  interest  of  British  Association  came.  -  (Laughter.)  The  proceedings  -  '  sut  that  Mr.  Beckwith  became  extremely  deaf.  (Laughter.)  -  ad.failed  in  the  trials  which  he  had  received  both  from  the  and  elsewhere.  •  est  I  go  /  '-  name  with  bribery.  I  never  did.  lam  sure  he  is  incapa-  meney,  that  landing  , STYLE=superscript  stage  from  Which  the  dock  committee  were  confirmed  .  .  -  •  Ile  only  thin,g,  however,  which  he  was  going  to  observe  ateh  and  water  committees.  He  could  venture  to  say  that  Th'  dl  If  •  d  f  the  c  ° STYLE=superscript  `  ••  d  --- STYLE=superscript  ir  y.  n  enor  guano,  reserve  or  en.  ,  e  %Waft:  (Hear,  hear.)  ,I.  now  beg  to  say  that  I  withdraw  did  not  get  one  farthing  of  advantage,  cost  the  - STYLE=superscript  dock  estate  man  TOWN  COUNCILLORS  TO  BE  FED  AT  THEIR  OWN  OR  THE  nes  that  the  baths  were  in  so  dilapidated  a  *  state,  that  the  r.  ArDoinald  had  cost  the  town  between  £50,000  and  the  first  ualit  there  remains  on  the  to  r STYLE=superscript  t  ier  •  ''''t  n  yr  of  es  did  l STYLE=superscript  iiik  : STYLE=superscript  4l  : STYLE=superscript  l:fiendMent.  •  soinething  like  from  14,500  to  £5,000,  including  interest  of  PUBLIC  EXPENSE  ?  .  3xpenditure  of  this'  1220  on  them  was  exceedingly  necessary.  60,000.  .  ,  .  about  three  million  five  hundred  thousand  tons;  .  o  f  .•  ',  4)„,  .  r  ' STYLE=superscript  NE  PARKER.:  '  Then  I  withdraw  my  seconding  of  it.  mOney,  maintenance  of  the  stage;  police,  and  other  matters  The  MAYOR  said,  for  the  conveni  e  nce  of  the  p  u  bli  c  bun  . STYLE=superscript  _  Dee  money,  however,  wouM  - STYLE=superscript  not  be  thrown  aw,ay  oa  them,  !  31r.  Alderman  COOPER  said  that  a  greater,  injury  had  cond,  about  one  million  five  hundred  thousand  togs'  i  /Al  Ifteat  hear  aud  laughter.)  .  f  7  .  connected  with  it.  ,  ness,  and  also  for  the  convenience  of  the  members  of  'the  naamuch  as  the  materialcould  be  made  use  of  eleswhere  when  never  been  inflicted  on  thetown  than  the  appointment  of  ferior  'about  half  a  million.  t  . STYLE=superscript  P  III6 STYLE=superscript  IO  The  motion  that  Mr:  Earle  be  appointed  to  the  committee  The  proceedings  wereconfirmed.  •  council  he  - STYLE=superscript  had  directed  refreshments  to  be  placed  in  the  '  3  he  establishment  was  '  dispensed  with.  The  committee  Mr.  M'Donald  on  the  water  committee.  It  would  be  far  i  have  no  data  on  which  to  re  tth  si  ll STYLE=superscript  '  por  e  •  tbe  i  ne  -  .  ..  .  ,  ewas  then  carried  unanimously.  I  '  ante-room  of  -  tho  council,  between  one  and  two  o'clock,  of  vere  exceedingly  unwilling  .  to  spend  any  money  on  •  these  better  to  give  him  a  pension  than  again  appoint  him  to  any  •  IMPROVEMENT  COMMITTEE.  guano  in  1852  •  but  Ih•  M  . STYLE=superscript  d  th  t  withi  ll STYLE=superscript  :  ,  aye,  ascer  me  a  i STYLE=superscript  '  *•ndr:  Pmeroei  proposed-that  Mr.  Earle  be  appointed  a  mem mem-IThe  -IThe mem-IThe STYLE=superscript  d  • STYLE=superscript  f  h  . STYLE=superscript  -  •  *  I  '  dd  tl  which  he  invited  the  members  of  the  council  to  partake  '  laths,  as  they  hcrped  the  time  weuld  shortly  -arrive  when  employment.  .  :  a  o  r STYLE=superscript  `  0  1  ,  procee  lags  ot  is  committee,:  mere  y  recor  e  le  •Ii  eight  months  about  three  hundred  thousan  on,  ber  of  the  library  and'  muieum  committee.  appointment  of  Mr.  Alderman  Mame  as  chairman.  Mr.  FERNIHOUGH  said  they  met  for'  the  clischarge  of  'hey  would  be  dispensed  with  ;'  but  the  present  expenditure  :  Mr.  Alderman  BENNETT  said  that  Mr.  31‘Donald  had  nuano  have  been  shipped  from  the  north  island.  ne  i,  its  ,- STYLE=superscript  4  ,4,  :  Mr.  Avisoet  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  alseunani-  !Mt.  Alderman  Hormn  in  moving  the  confirmation  of  the  public  business,  and  this  was  not  really  a  leart  of  the  hospi-  could  'not  be  avoided.  received  injuries  which  incapacitated  .him  while.  in  the  T.  2  per  cent.  occurs  from  the  rude  manner  of  n  e  s  de  g  .  •  Viddusly  adopted.  •  •  •  dings  said,  they  were  fully  sensible  of  the  great  value  procee  tality  which  attached  to  . STYLE=superscript  the  chair.  He  thought  the  council  Mr.  FERNIHOUGH  seconded  the  adoption  of  the  report.  police,  and  he  therefore  thought  .  that  the  council  should  and  conveyance  daily  observed  in  the  dense  clongenn  .  e  1  ;  _  -  The  council  then  proceeded  with  the  regular  business  of  4  waich  Mr.  Earle's  services  would  be  on'  this  committee,  and  had  better  come  to  some  decision  at  once  on  thi's  question.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  asked  if  the  dock  committee  allow  him  some,small  peusion,  and  they  would  then  hear  verized  guano  blown  seaward,  and  correctly  ascer  w STYLE=superscript  '  stbienlaYe  -  -  hn  believed  he  was  speaking  the  sentiment's  of  every  member  Refreshments  they  had  a  right  to  expect,  and  the  town  could  e  not  likel  to  re  uire.the  site  on  which  the  baths  stood?  no  more  about  him.  ver  y  q  the  shipping  dockets  at  the  centre  island.  go  t  ei  nk  '',,,  34:1  -, STYLE=superscript  EARLE  then  requested  that  the  mayor  would  compel.  of  the  conamittee  in  requesting  the  council  to  sanction  the  '  •  dif  that  were  the  case  would  it  not  be  better  to  dela  .  '  Mr  Alderman  S  HonmE  •  There  is  onl  one  wa  of  not  hesitate  to  give  it  ;  but  he  thoUght  it  should  be  previded  An  :  Y  :  ••  •  .  •  -  •  y  Y.  There  were  at  the  Chincha  Islands;  on  o  ur  d  e STYLE=superscript  ,,c'  e  tr  i STYLE=superscript  ,  •  4',  the  nonversation  which  was  continually  goine  on  in  the  1  .  -  -  b  fh  '  %the  corporation,  aud  out  of  the  functs  of  the  corporation.  dtogether  any  expenditure  on  those  baths,  and  trust  to  the  settling  tliematter  ;  let  Mr.  Bennett  allow  him  a  pension  a  ointment  of  n.fr.  Earle  as  a  mem  er  o  t  e  improvement  a  hundred  vessels  capable  of  ex  ortin  near  00;  6  14'  P  '  P  g  et  •  _council-room  to  cease,  as  it  was  impossible  the  re recrigimittee.  crigimittee. recrigimittee.  (Hear,  hear.)  ••  .  •  .  (  ear,  hear.)  To  meet  thepoint  at  once,  he  should  Wye  private  trade  to  supply  the  want  for  so  very  short  a  period  ?  out  of  his  own  pocket.  (Laughter).  •  ,  .  thousand  tons  of  ' STYLE=superscript  guano.  The  Americans  far  et  ,  Nell STYLE=superscript  .  ,  ports  being  read,  and  he  knew  •  from  experience  that  queer  that  refreshments  for  the  future  be  provided  by  the  corp  Or-  If  he  understood  the  matter  rightly  .  _  d  b  y  ,  ...  it  was  likel  that  the  -  It  was  stated  that  the  council  could  not  rant  a  pension  e  ,  4  The  MAYOR  said  this  would  require  a  notice  of  motion.  th  •  •Th  .  -  .  f  e  amount  of  tonnage.  .  'el  i  0  ,  things  very  often  passed  in  committees.  (Hear,  hear  and  M  E  'hbred  t  th  tlemen,  for  r.  AriLE  was  very  muc  oig  o.  e  gen  then,  not  by  the  mayor.  ,  land  'would  be  'required  at  aa  early  pend  y  the  dock  trus-  in  e  case.  e  memorial  was  allowed  to  ie  on  the  table.  .'  On  the  centre  island,  there  may  be  about  ely  .  .laug,,htern  .  '  ••-  t  honor  which  the  Intended  to  confer  on  him.  He  was  ;Mr.  Picroer  seconded  the  motion,  and  suggested,  as  an  ;  •  tees  and  although  the  proposed  sum  was  not  very  large,  yet  '  A  letter  from  the  gentlemen  appointed  by  the  British  dred  thousand  t  f  f  •  '  sil STYLE=superscript  „,.  l' STYLE=superscript  e  one  o  guano  o  the  first  qualits,  es  .  Ehe  MAYOR  :  I  hope  gentlemen  will  not  consider  I  ~-,,,  t  y  .  .  they  should  consider  whether  it  would  mit  be  throwing  it  association  for  the  advancement  of  science,  to  make  arrange arrangen  n arrangen  a  member  of  the  improvement  committee,  appomte  y  improvemen  ,  a  e  db  '  •  .tth  t  th  'council  should  adjourn  tor  a  t  guar  er  hundred  thousand  of  the  second.  This  island  is  wv  h  ,,,,  restraining  them  unnecessarily  if  I  request  that  silence  will  the  '  away  to  expend  it  em  baths  which  might  so  very  shortly  be  ments  for  , STYLE=superscript  holding  their  next  meeting  in  Liverpool,  and  d  h  t  M  P  k  •ht  b  t  th  of  an  hour  for  refreshments,  and  thenereassemble  for  busi-  •  town,  an  w  a  ever  r.  ar  er  mtg  say  aou  em,  tirely  by  Chinamen  •  they  'dig  and  wheel  dailensni  .A  r  ~  7  toefitept  while  the  reports  are  being  read.  •  t'  3;  were  appointed  by  the  people  who  sent  Mr.  Parker  into  ness,  and  sit  until  it  was  ended.  '  '  *  •  'dispaised  with.  .  rbquesting  the  council  to  grant  the  use  of  St.  George's  Hall  thousand  two  hundred  and  ninety  tons  of  nill  e STYLE=superscript  %,  toi  -  Inlnnte  FLNANCE  COMMITIEE.  )  .  t  committee.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Earle)  always  Jr.  FERNIHOUGH  moved,  as  he  understood  it  was  the-  Me  Alderman  PARKER  replied  that  these  •baths  were  the  for  the  occasion,  was  then  read.  It  was  referred  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  St.  t  10  so  it  n.  1  •1 STYLE=superscript  handred  appears  in  the  shipping  'dockets.  I  i  eolon  le  1  It  t  b  ths  i  L  . STYLE=superscript  1  - STYLE=superscript  .  dtht  1  th  e  Geor  e's  Hall  ommnt  e  on  ysa  -wa  er  .  a  n  iverpoo  ,  an,  a.l  .ey  wer  e  t  dellrjellenternY  begged  to  move  the  confirmation  of  the  pro-  shed  to  know  to  what  committees  Mr.  Parker  belonged,  proper  form,  that  it  be  an  instruction  to  the  town-hall  and  smallest  island  has  not  yet  been  worked  ;  or  , STYLE=superscript  4,  Al  g STYLE=superscript  f  c STYLE=superscript  h  h  i STYLE=superscript  '  e STYLE=superscript  ..  f  h  h  . STYLE=superscript  kdfi  h  closet  the  public  would  have  no  other  baths  to  yeSort  to.  It  .  etter  .  romt  e  c  airman  o  te  s  ipwrec  eg  .  e  ermen  -  s'diedings  of  the  finance  conimittee,  with  the  exception  of  the  b  ause  he  was  so  extremely  touchy  if  one  made  a  remark  committee  to  provide  refreshments  out  of  the  corporation  windward  position,  the  guano  es  inferior,  and  Wi  ll STYLE=superscript  e  e  •  •reCorninendation  of.  the  magistrates,  to  increase  the  salary  of  a  out  the  committee  to  which  he  belonged,  he  we:slime-  funds'  for  the  members  of  the  cowl  '  ,  ,  was  not  very  probable,  he  thought,  that  the  dock  committee  and  mariners'  royal  benevolent  society,  soliciting  for  dth  ep  .  .  .  l  ' STYLE=superscript  ,ln  wail&amp;  want  - STYLE=superscript  the  site  •  but  whether  they  did  want  it  or  not  assistance  was  also  read.  f  e  1  etwoeof  their.  clerks,  which  must  remain  over  to  the  neat  dintely  up.  If  he  (Mr.  'Earle)  belonged  to  a  committee,  he  •  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  Suggested  that  a  notice  should  I  the  •  '  •  •  •  '•  '  '  •  -  ,4'  sure  y  p  .  &amp;she  had  stronger  claims  for  the  preservation  ot  ,  The  MAYOR  said  that  he  had  also  produced  this  commu commumonth  month commumonth  accordin,g  to  the  standing  orders.  The  only  other„  ..  a  di  not  care  a  straw  what  Was  sMd  about  it.  (Hear,  hear.)  be  given  on  this  subject.  The  refreshnients  had  no  right  ,to  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.—YEsenne  O STYLE=superscript  )  '&#34;n,  .  those  baths  until  others  were  provided.  He  was  very  sorry  nicatiOn  for  the  purpose  of  giving  ,it  publicity.  TO  , STYLE=superscript  1  .  resolution  which.had  been  put  on  the  notice  was  the  recoms-  Ile  had  no  idea  of  that  sort  of  thing.  (Laughter.)  He  come  out  of  the  mayerne  pocket;  but  his  objection  to  what  e  ,  ,  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  . STYLE=superscript  Daily  -  , STYLE=superscript  -  t STYLE=superscript  0  0  ...Nomination  to:pay  the  -  suin.of  140  for  a  small  improvement  h  d  not,  upon  his  word—but  as  he  was  a  member  of  that  was  proposed  was  thin  . STYLE=superscript  '  it  Opened  the  door  . STYLE=superscript  to  an  injuripus  n  a  gentleman  of  so  philanthropic  notions  raise  his  A  memorial  was  read  from  William  Sherlock  oevner  of  o  .  eel  .  t  hat  a  ntial  to  the  healthef  the  in  •  '  *  •  '  '  SUGAR  has  been  i  f  •  d  g  r°Ce STYLE=superscript  4il STYLE=superscript  '  voice  agent's  w.w  s  so  esse  -  certain  houses  in  St.  Andrew-street  and  Balls  -court,  Cop-  n  air  emand,  both  from  a.,  ,  .  o  o  to  '  iiiii  --- STYLE=superscript  Cable-street,  to  which  there  could  be  no  objection.  He  coMmittee—  precedent,  and  he  would  much  rather  that  'some  party,  such  habitants  and  he  trusted  that  the  council  would,  withoat  a  peras-hill,  praying  for  a  renewal  of  his  lease.  1  .  -  refiners,  and  the  sales  comprise  400  bags  Benarce  si  e  e  neas  e  net,aware  thero  .  were  any  other  proceedings  that  re-  ;Mr.  Alderman  Howie:  So  am  I.  as  Mr.  Lynn,  should  be  allowed  to  sell  sandwiches  in  the  '  h  t  3 STYLE=superscript  '  nol  I  division,  adopt  t  e  report.  *  .It  appears  that:the  court  is  in  a  very  sanitary  condition,  gapore  at  37s  to  39s  3d  ;  1,800  bags  Dates,  a  efe  ;•  e,  nntined.  •  further'  explanation  ;  and  he  begged  leane  to  1  I  Mr.  EARLE:  Oh  !  very  well.  ante-room,  and  let  each  councillor  go  in  and  pay  for  what  he  Mr.  THOMPSON  observed•that  repeated  attempts  had.been  arid  that  he  is  willing  to  alter  it  though  not  in  ;accordance  355;  3'oo  bags  low  Bengal,  at  28s  ;60  hhds  Cal?!  e  n,  .  n  nenite  that  th.a•prOceediags  of  the  finance  committee  be  con-  !Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  did  not  object  to  Mr.  Earle  being  took.  (Hear,  hear.)  ,  .  made  to  continue  those  baths,•and  the  council  us  repeatedly  With  the  terms  of  the  act.  In  improving  the  court  he  would  vada,  at  34s  ;  and  100  hhds  Surinam,  at  33s  6d  V  . STYLE=superscript  '  _.l  )1  .  ,  a  three  Ind  .  '.  l  ced  on  the  committee,  but  he  suggested  that  Mr.  Robin-  The  MAYOR  said,  - STYLE=superscript  during  the  time  he  had  the  honour  to  p  a  •  refused  to  spendany  money  on  them.  He  hoped  they  would  have  to  break  out  into  the  street,  and  to  this  the  owners  of  The  TEA  niarket  continues  very  quiet.,  .  0  ,  y  dna  10.,  EARLE.  had  Some  ebservationsto  intake  respecting  so  h,  another  new  member,  who  was  eligible  for  .  any  com-  fill  the  chair,  he  would  permit  nobody  to  sell  refreshments  ersist  in  that  refusal  for  it  was  well  known  that  no-matter  the  property  in  . STYLE=superscript  the  neighbourhood  object.  The  health  COFFEE.-180  bags  washed  Rio  are  reported  at  0  &amp;line  of  the  leases  whiCh  had  been'  renewed  by  the  finance  mittee,  should  be  placed  on  some  of  the  committees  of  the'  in  the  hall.  He  again  offered  them  this  little  hospitality,  P  ;  he  nceinnOteen  and  he  wished  some  little  further  information  cOuncil.  and  if  it  were  taken  out  of  his  hands  by  the  council  it  was  ould  committee  would  not  '  sanction  the  improvements  unless  a  small  parcel  of  Guayaquil  COCOA,  at  34s  what  amount  of  money  was  expended  on  them  they  w  .  .  este°  4,)  Pik  e  m STYLE=superscript  '  •  .  :  •  i  t  In  cOnsequence'  Of  his  having.  been  appointed  1111  r  Triomrsoer  remarked  that  some  gentlemen  were  on  no  affair  of  his.  But  he  had  been  in  the  room  previous  to  there  were  on  one  refreshments  being  given,  at  that  hour  of  the  day,  Nelsen  it  still  continue  to  go.  Mr.  Newlands,  too,  had  told  them  this,  they  were  in  accordance  -  with  the  act,  and  accordingly  the  R  .  ,  dth  ten  —2  200  bags  Bengal  have  found  .  pure'  finance  committee  would  not  recommend  a  renewal  of  the  13s  3d  to  15s  6d  for  broken  to  fine  middlin  5  0 STYLE=superscript  c,.  an  .  e  soonee,  therefore,  that  they  established  new  salt  .  .  g.  t  2/5  0 STYLE=superscript  Ilt  bli STYLE=superscript  lill,egi  ‘ STYLE=superscript  er  of  the  towa  *imprevenient  eoinmitteee  to  inquire  he  less  than  nine  committees,  whilst  o  Z  J•ri  -  ,  ••  -  --  '  water  baths  in  a  better  place  the  better.  They  would  lease.  SALTPETRE.—We  have.  to  report  500  bags  a  g  v  In  t  n  e  nno  eerfain  unprovemeuts  which  were  desired,  and  to  report  only.  He  'ingested  there  should  be  a  re-arrangement  of  was  with  great  difficulty  the  mayor  proceeded  with  the  busi-  ~  1  .  ,  ,  .  ,j,911,A  ,compeehensive  scale,  not  a  110  imp  .  rovement  in  Cable-  .  the  committees.  .  uess  for  want  of  a  council.  If  t  e  con  c  did  t  eit  h  nil  •  no  tak  •  be  one  ot  tle  greatest  accommouations  that  could  be  offered  •  Considerable  desultory  discussion:took  place  on  this  sub-  in  cwt,  for  9  and  4n,  per  cent.  refraction.  e  bdw  e STYLE=superscript  s:  .  to  the  public.  ject.  Mr.Dovnit  and  Mr.  WOODRUFF  supported  the  memorial,  By  public  sale  to-day,  150  tons  Spanish.  Fug'''  . STYLE=superscript  ene  \  s  his  own  convenience  M  offe  ngetrACP  , STYLE=superscript  'Which  was  'a  hack  street,  but  impronements  on  a  It  was  then  arranged  that  notice  should  be  given  for  the  in  hand,  permit  him,  for  .  ,  r  them  Mr.  FERNHOUGH  said  that  the  recommendation  of  the  but  the  feeling  of  the  council  seemed  to  be  against  its  chiefly  /6  10  to  16  12s  6d  ;  and  27  tons  WO  IN  cOmpreliensive  scale  ;.  and  he  thought  there  -were  certain  next  council  meeting,  to  appoint  Mr.  Earle,  and  Mr.  Robin-  a  httle  refreshment  ;  but  he  should  certainly  object  to  re-  1,  '  ,  '  —leases--  ordered  there  which  were  likely  to  interfere  with  son  members  of  the  improvement  committee.  freshmsnts  being  sold  in  the  town-hall:  committee  was  a  mere  matter  of  detail.  It_  was  very  properly  prayer.  ,  112  12e  6d  to  112  15s  if?  ton.  few  C STYLE=superscript  ,O;  da  said  that  they  were  the  only  salt-water  baths  in  the  town  ;  Alderman  HOLME  said,  the  '  finance  committee  had  inva-  Also  270  bags  repacked  3.lynnnonears,  9s  e  a  ~,,  n  ee  e  e  ,  those  improvements,.  and  he:should  be•glad  to  know  what  Mr.  EARLE  asked  was  he  in  order  to  make  some  remarks  Mr.  FERNIHOUGH  'assured  the  mayor  he  did  not  intend  to  da  h  an  tey  were  closed  an  outcry  would  very  properly  and  rtably  acted  upon  the  peincipin  thatif  the  parttes  chose  to  SHELLAC,  46s  6d  to  48s  ;  a  few  casks  PINK  TAB  T STYLE=superscript  I7OO/i  nli.  nilkeent  cif  Deike-street  the  lease  .was  ordered  to  be  reaewed  in.  on  the  improvements  Which  were  now  about  to  be  carried  offer  the  slightest  offenee.  .  very  justly  be  raised  aeainst  the  council.  The  arguments  -keep  these  old  courts  in  their  possession,  they  had  mo  power  13  bales  Bombay  MADDER  Rocers,  all  faults,  24s  ;  Ai  ,  to  r STYLE=superscript  :``  . STYLE=superscript  A  “,alVeasitin  the  uppenor  lower  part  n..  •  .  .  •  out.  •  .  '  Mi..  Enna,E:  If  any  gentleman  is  hungry  wh  ,  y  not  go  of  the  gentlemeu  on  die  other  side  would  apply,  if  it  were  under  the  act  to  disturb  them,  if  they  did  not  apply  them-  . STYLE=superscript  SUMAC,  16s  6d  I)  cwt  ;  and  400  bags  RAPESEED,  '  '  r, STYLE=superscript  '  '1  e  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  11- STYLE=superscript  'n  t STYLE=superscript  'he  MAYOR  :  The  upper  part,  I'underStand.  •The  MAYOR  :  There  is  nothing  on  the  proceedings.  over  to  Fisks  ?It  not  a  hundred  yards  off.  possible  to  erect  salt-water  baths  elsewhere  in  a  day,  but,  selves  for  new  leases.  When  they  asked  for  new  leases,  the  in  quarter.  .  'IA.  :kr:  EAreLn  :  Is  . STYLE=superscript  it  chi  the  north  side'?  '  Mr.  EARLE  :  I  should  very  much  like  some  things  were  Mr.  Hone'  thought  this  Matter  more,  honoured  in  the  el  •  under  any  circumstances,  another  season  should  elapse  ere  committee  recommended  that  the  t  h  ld  b  t  k  .  proper  y  s  ou  .  e  a  en  On  °. STYLE=superscript  0  ' STYLE=superscript  '`:l  .4 STYLE=superscript  ,  i  Ize'll  lilts  FERNIHOUGH  :'  No,  on  the  west  side:  '  .  off  the  proceedings.  (Laughter.)  ent  linfee  Rentz*:  'there  is  anotherelease  in  Islington,—is  it  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  breach  than  the  obseriance.  •  The  Tower-cnann  said  a  notice  and  motion  sh  •  •  .  .  thin  could  be  done.  It  might  seem  surprising,  but  it  was.  dpwn  and  reconstructed.  Now  they  had  refused  a  number  of  LONDON  PRODUCE  MARKET.—YnsT  t  ,il  es  a•  A  '  .  ..  ould  be  yet  the  fact,  that  there  were  only  eight  private  baths  in  the  p  .  arties  leases  upon  that  ground,  and  every  one  of  these  par-  SUGAR.—West  India  stead  Sales,  487  1  111 STYLE=superscript  &#34;'&#34;  'i6  . STYLE=superscript  ,t  Y•  F  •o STYLE=superscript  °‘  II  et.  Inuaitlilie  flagniti  , STYLE=superscript  Islington  ?  •  ~  -  •  -  ST.  GEORGE'S  HALL  COMMITTEE.  given  on  thenubject.  .  .  present  extensive  building,  though  by  the  plans  which  had  ties  would  very  peoperly  come  there  and  say,  they  were  act-  pricee.  Refined  in  demand;  brown  lumps,  43S  6  _d;  c  ell°  „.  ..,  1  4) STYLE=superscript  ,  r STYLE=superscript  -fl  i  •  lir.  Snawnerr  -  'No.  ,'  ;v  -  h  h  •  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  w  e  re  next  read.  It  Mr.  GODFREy  said,  if  this  ere  named,  tey  s  ould  have  been  submitted  to  the.  committee  there  could  have  been  con-  ing  with  great  partiality  towards  others,  while  they  had  dull,  parcels  mostly  taken,  Maceio  30s  to  38s  o° STYLE=superscript  ,  i  ii  A  Joe  •  '  •  •  '  •rr  ..  ,  ( STYLE=superscript  1  1 STYLE=superscript  51  r  -  r.  -Eitymn:  here  is  another  in  Knight-street,  does  it  d  th  t  M  M  hll  h  d  d  l'  d  to  apply  hi  s  an  applicati  on  f  rom  _th  e  ju  r  o  rs  f  or  refresients,  and  they  stracted  there  , STYLE=superscript  seventeen  baths  for  ladies,  and  nineteeinfor  refused  them  leases,  unless  the  11  d  d  th  •  H  h  34  d  •  .  '  •k  •  In  3••  Tv  4  appeare  a  r.  ars  a  a  ec  ine  ypu  e  own  eir  pro-  avenue  ,  s  6  to  355.  COFFEE  bTIS  er,  ,  e  l STYLE=superscript  .'t  tddli-oli  Berry-street  at  all?  •  acoustic  apparatus  in  courts  and  hall.  Designs  for  tran-  could  pot  refuse.  .  gentlemen.  ,In  the  meantime,  the  public  demanded  'from  petty.  (Hear;  hear.)  •  •  6  , STYLE=superscript  1.  1  10  ,  56s  to  78s  ;  native  Ceylon  quieter,  at  47s  to  47s  ,  .  '  The  .11.1AVOR  :  I  think  it  is  a  . STYLE=superscript  corner  lot.  sparencies  for  windows  of  the  g  r  eat  h  a  ll  w  e  r  e  or  aered,  i  n  or  d  er  Afr.  F  ER  :Nnieu  . STYLE=superscript  GH  then  gave  no  n  ce  th  a  t  he  would  bring  them.  that  proper  acconimodation  should  be  provided  there.  The  memorial  was  referred  to  the  health  committee.  -  ii,  *ls  3° STYLE=superscript  •  •  esI  P STYLE=superscript  very  little  doinn,  common  Congou  seers,  en;  e  t  Mr,  EARLE  :Itis  a  shop  ?  •  ~,  .  .  that  the  effect  might  be  ascertained.  The  tender  of  Mr.  the  subject  forward  at  next  meeting.  .  :  .  .  •  ',That  the  committee  .  were  endeavouring  to  do,  and  they  ac-  A  meinorial  was  read  frointhe  waiters  of  the  town  against  very  quiet  ;  white  Bengal,  14s  to'  16s.  Corrvn  t  ab  ° STYLE=superscript  1  .  •  ,I STYLE=superscript  `-'  Mr.  , STYLE=superscript  'Stw,vAirr  , STYLE=superscript  :  Yes,  the  window  is  in  Berry-street•  Potter  for  the  iron  door  and  door-way  of  the  principal  en-  On  the  motion,  pf  Mr.  Wnosevern,  secoaded  by  Mr.  cordingly  recomm.ended  that  the  sum  stated  should  be  ex-  the  town-hall  waiters  being  allowed  to  hire  themselves  out  small,  mtes  unaltered.  Tenney  :  demand  better;  -  \  enenn  naten  E  e  ennn  :  Then.  the  shop  is  in  Berry-street.  This  is  trance  Was  accepted  ;  and  the  Coalbrookdale  Company  were  WOODRUFF,  the  - STYLE=superscript  reports  of  the  market  committee  .  and  pended  ou  a  most  necessary  work.  .  at  night  to  attend  private  parties;  Referred  to  the  town-hall  former  terms.  -  rather  dmportant,  and  lienshpuld  beg  - STYLE=superscript  to  move  that  lease  be  re  td  t  d  •  t  d  f  the  supply  of  the  outer  education  committee  were  adopted.  Neither  of  tnem  p  os  .  ques  e  o  sen  m  a  en  er  or  Mr.  'EA.itLE  remarked  that  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone's  establishment  committee.  e  •  10.  e.  s  %..  notgranteel  at  present:  -  •  rMlings.  Mr.  Kelsie  was  appointed  to  model  the  ornaments  sessed  any  feature  of  interest.  .  .  .  intention  in  moving  in  the  matter  was  not  to  oppose  the  re-  The  business  ou  the  books  being  dieposed  of,  the  council  .  L,ONDON  Eg  - STYLE=superscript  01  '?  CORN  E.XCHAsNGE.—YEsT  •  h  ,  ....„,  .s..  .  _  .  rfl  .  I  ,  314:Alderman  .110LME  remarked  that  lot  had  been  sold  f  or  th  e  co  n  eer  t_  room  ,  and  Mr.  COckerill  was  to  submit  plans  ,  The  report  of  the  gaol  and  house  of  correction  com-  comme  ndation.  What  he  said  was  merely  in  the  natur  e  o  f  adjourned.  -  -c  i  vrlis  _.Ol  ~,  1,  7  -I,iy  - STYLE=superscript  public  auction,  and  thia  e  se,  s  s  i  m  ply  a  i  l  application  from  for  the  completion  of  the  courts.  The  proceeding's  also  mittee  was  then  read.  It  reconimended  that  the  tender  of  a  suggestion:  A  discussion  had  taken  place  on  the  matter,  foreign  WHEAT  sold.  BARLEY  the  turn  loic  e STYLE=superscript  ;•  e  heaP  Although  supplies  continue  scanty,  both  -n  ,n  13len  r  ,  .  _  „  tne  tenant,  .who  wanted  some  coinPensation  for  goidg  out.  c  on  t  a  i  ne  d  a  lett  er  f  ro  m.  Mr.  Eyre,  denying  that  he  had  any  . STYLE=superscript  the  rePreSeetative  of  the  late  Mrs.  AlderseY,  for  supplying  an  d  h  e  per.  Earle)  thought  •  satisfactory  reasons  had  'POLICE  CO  UR  7  V  _'.  - STYLE=superscript  -EBTERDAY-  and  PEAS  unchange  . STYLE=superscript  d.  OAT  trade  flat,  but  l  ie STYLE=superscript  te  ,  I.  e  e  -  rgre  •Hoitennis  :  If  nir.  'Earle  ha.s  any  °bipedal.,  to'  the  informatibete  r STYLE=superscript  relative  to  'irregularities  in  the  measurements  the  gaol  and  bridewells  with  bread,  oatmeal,  and  pew,  and  been  ,given  why  tb.is  small  sum  should  be  expended  on  the  ,  Fnonn  and  Meier  unaltered.  e  .  Os  Ile  1  6 STYLE=superscript  '  Osl  s STYLE=superscript  '  ln  -  •  •  s  t  .  0  4neseeithad.better  be  read  over.  •  •.  '  '  and'  payments  connected  with  the  works  -at  St.  Geotge's  that  of  Mrs.  Catherine  Close,  for  hutcher's  meat,  h  -e  accePe  -  baths.  '  •  APPEAL  AGAINST  AN  ASSESSMENT.—Messrs.  Joseph  ARRIVALS.—Blinisli  :  'Wheat,  750;  Bari*  7  00  n  050.  h  •  .  ted.  It  also  recommended  that  government  be.  petitioned  Mr.  EA.RLE  •  Bold-street,  which  requires  widening  ;  badly,  Hall.  -  The  report  was  then  adopted.  Hutt,  and  Co.  appeared  to  appeal  against  the  assessment  of  Malt,  90;  Flehr,  1,440.  IRISH  :  Barl  e STYLE=superscript  Y'oo7  '''  ,'+'  t  d  to  establieh  at  this  port  a  floatine  reformatory  establishment,  Th  '  •  you  can  only  improve  on  one  particular  side,  and  you  have  A  note  was  read  from  the  Recorder,  in  which  he  state  e  coroner's  account  amounting  to  711.  6s.  6d,  was  then  0  FOREIGN•  Wheat,  760;  Barley,  2;32  0 STYLE=superscript  ;  se  their  premises,.situate  at  the  corner  of  Shaw's  hill,  on  the  1,59 STYLE=superscript  •  -  •  and  th  ttl  hip  '  ID STYLE=superscript  '  t•  b  d  a  le  s  owners  assoma  ion  e  recmeste  no  co co.  . co.  renewed  35  leases  in  that  street,  and  if  ever  you  widen  it;  he  would  hold  his  future  sessions  in  the  old  Nisi  Prius  court  submitted.  •••••  ~,f.  ~,:  e  s  of  ,•  theY  must.all  come  down  ;  and  for  those'  renewals  yOu  have  for  a  few  months,  with  a  view'  of  enabling  the  works  in  the  t  i  the  'tt  r  opera  t  e  ll  n  .  ma  e  .  -  -  nround  that  it  was  much  too  hien'.  The  assessor  stated  the  Mr.  Homey*  moved  that  it  be  referred  to  the  finance  -  •  '  GLASGOW  MARKETS.—YEsnne  e  e  r  e STYLE=superscript  In  '  received  the.  extraordinary  stun  of  16;500.  The  council  hall  to  be  the  more  rapidly  proceeded  with.  On  e  motion  of  Mr.  HORNBY,  seconded  by  Mr.  Alder-  .  comMittee  fore  ,payment.  .  The  account  was  larger  than  -  r STYLE=superscript  •  •  •  DI  euwes  were  assessed  at  1750.  •  Tho  magistrates  after  a  meet  .  careful  investigation  and  calculation  as  to  ' STYLE=superscript  the  nett  Conic  —At  about  ls  Sei  qr  reduction  fl  i STYLE=superscript  NO  E STYLE=superscript  ,  e  . STYLE=superscript  eed;  '  T.  H.  TURNER,  the  report  was  ado  ted.  ought  to  look  a  little  ahead.  Berry-street  is  admittedly  too  Mr.  Alderman  HOLME  said  that  some  mistake,  pro-  inn!'  „  .  p  usual,  inasmuch  as  a  portion  of  the  month  of  October  ese  de STYLE=superscript  aliie  Of  the  land,  the  bnildings,  the  machinery,  and  the  last  Wednesday,  more  business  done  to  -dg  '*  - STYLE=superscript  7  :  e  sa  &#34;'  narroit,  n(hear,  hear)  and  here  you  aro  lea.sing  .  property  bably  some  wilful  mistake,  had  been  made  with  reference  be  r  n  i.,,.  j,  n  the  report  of  the  town-hall  establishment  committee  included  in  it.  There  were  81  cases  in  all,  In  20  of  them  -v STYLE=superscript  aivurtenal!ooo  connected  therewith,  which  they  estimated  other  articles  business  restricted.  Feontnene,  es  to  1  which  you.  will  have  to  repurchase  at  double  the  price.  It  is  to  the  measurements  at  St.  George's  Hall,  the  cemmittee  M  e STYLE=superscript  M  b  d  surgeons  - STYLE=superscript  had  been  einployed,  and  in  .22,  post  mortem  exa-  t  •  very  insaae  conduct.  had  been  exceedingly  anxious  to  first  o.‘  the  DOttOM  of  the  r.  Anne  eeee  to  make  a  few  remarks  on  a  topic  mivations  had  taken  1  .  p  ace.  _  ometbing  under  as  ,  ,  110  000  said  they  *were  decidedly  of  BARLEY,  the  turn  ;  new  OATS,  6d,  lie&#34;'  I' STYLE=superscript  .  The  Tows-c  •u.  :  The  leases  which  are  '  cohjeni•  4.  ..la,  F...,....,,,11.5,  and.  tu  eneertain  whence  •  those  remarks  pro-  e  ted  b  thr  ort.  It  the  cu  t  sug  e  es  .  y  eep  ,  was  s  °m  e  ,he  perceived,  ne  n  .tUderman  COOPEU  seconded  the  motion.  opinion  that  the  assessment  was  much  too  high,  and  ordered  qr  lower  than  last  Wednesday.-  -  -  -  d  number  W  it  tO  be  put  down  at  £5OO,  thereby  reducino•  a  •  ulnae  the  original  Prit  Inner  --Market  ste  1;  0-1  .  do  not  Warta/  .ouru  turougn  tne  book  in  that  way  ;  only  cee  ,  ded  •  and  likewise,  feeling  that  the  characters,  either  of  that  when  the  use  of  the,  towu-hall  rooms  was  granted  to  Mi.  Alderman  '  I'A.RKEIt•  said  he  was  at  a  loss  to  account  assessment  £250.  '  -  ,-.-  •  76S  uu.  ivs  •  N0..1  81s  6d  •  Ne•  3 STYLE=superscript  '  ,  renewals.  -  •  surveyors  or  tradesmen,  by  any  report  on  mere  hearsay  evi-  id'  rent  charities  such  as  the  ladies'  charit  as  was  the  f  r  the  ver  lar  e  amount  submitted  unless  it  were  owinfr  the  d___e  ~  .  .  y,  .  0  y  g  .  ,  .  -  STEALING  A  COAT.—Tames  Wilson,  a  respectably-dr...  e  a  '  '  _—'  case  in  the  present  Instance,  the  charity  was  charged  wita.  to  the  fogs.  (Laughter.)  Here  in  the  return,  they  had  two  .  N''  0  014 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  STEWART  :  I  beg  'your  pardon,  the  house  'was  pur-  deace,  end  they  wrote  to  request  the  attendance  not  of  Mr.  ee  ,  e  _  _  en  ee  3oung  man,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  coat  from  the  shop  s.e.x..z.c.nia  CATTLE  MARKET.—  rS STYLE=superscript  T  ,  I,3  to  vi  eex  ease  o  to.  tin  .  ow,  e  cou  no  e  p  in  in  th  fl  . STYLE=superscript  h  •  N  h  Id  th  1  th  . STYLE=superscript  le  '  '  d  b  '  n  cluldren  tout  ut  the  in  uest  on  one  cost  lee  i  '  chased  et  the  last  corporation  sale.  '  liolden,  but  of  his  partner,  Mr.  Parker  who  had  derived  P  n  g  ;:  .  ,  q  '  La. STYLE=superscript  &#34;'&#34;  occupied  by  Mr.  Graham,  Leeds-street,  on  the  91  t  f  __S.  v.  COwS,  1,421  -  1  - STYLE=superscript  IEF,P,  3,800.  BEEF  frOUI  ,1 STYLE=superscript  11  DO  0  '  t  th  '  e  Mr.  EARLE  :It  is  quite  right  to  loOk  after  the  finance  the  information,  which  he  comtnunicated  o  e  committee,  that  this  was  rather  a  shabby  way  of  making  the  grant.  It  the  other'netliine  at  au..  He  was  jealous  to  see  the  amount  .  b  1  Octo  er  ast.  •  MUTTON,  6d  to  ' STYLE=superscript  9d  ;  CALVES,  6d  to  Of,'  A  sh  ar STYLE=superscript  P  o's  Ittl  .  li  t  t  tth  th  fsl  •  *  -  -''  •  was  a  very  i  e  comp  men  o  gran  era  e.  use  o  e.  le  of  this  accouut  Increase  because  for  some  tune  back  the  had  the  it STYLE=superscript  -  •  committee's  proceeding,s.  Mr.  Picton,  I  am  glad  you  got  from  a  gentleman  of  the  name  of  Eyre.  Mr.  Eyre  was  Y  Mrs.  Graham  stated,  on  the  night  of  the  robbery  she  saw  for  anything  of  the  first-class  ,  articles,  - STYLE=superscript  and-.  4 STYLE=superscript  7 STYLE=superscript  '  . STYLE=superscript  a  bargain  of  it.  (Laughter).  written  to,  and  asked  to  state  the  grounds  on  which  he  had  rooms  an  n  s  d  the  end  i  Tall  f  li  hti  e  •  d  h  1  ld  •  •  '  .  n  a  i  or  ..  g  n  e  ,an  e  s  iou  kept  it  down  at  a  reasonable  .  figere,  but  now,  it  was  again  the  •'  '  • STYLE=superscript  th  al  th  'di  h  t  lle  •  t  general  sold  up.  •  ,  prisoner  wi  sever  o  er  1  e  c  arac  ers  oo  mg  in  a  therefore  move,  that  for  the  futurethe  rooms  be  granted  cree  in  to  the  old  standard.  Mr.  Picreer  was  merely  going  to  say  .  this  :  if,  following  made  such'a  remark,  and  as  it  was  probable  his  letter  would  P  guP  •  •  -  8.  fr  f  h  h  '  her  . STYLE=superscript  shop  door,  in  a  most  impudent,manner,  so  much  so,  that  .  •  -  DSc'.  pit  -  -  Mr  Earle's  advice,  the  eouncil  was  of  opinion  it  would  have  be  satisfactory  to  the  council,  he  would  call  upon  the  town  en  g  •3  m  SIIO  c  erge.  Tue  motion  was  adopted,  add  the  account  referred  to  the  she  was  obli  •dt  1  '  h  h  Th  t  t  f  DUBLLN  CORN  EXCHANGE.—Tunsinte.,  ge  o  eave  te  s  op.  e  coa  s  olen  rom  -de'  tile  l•  i  .  •  •  e  .,.;  T  - STYLE=superscript  s  leceonbetter•  if  the  corporation  had  not  sold  the  property  he  clerk  to  read  his  letter,  in  order  that  the  council  might  see  .  In STYLE=superscript  dh'  th  h  . STYLE=superscript  'th  db  1  e  AYOP.  obseeve  tat  esu  jec  a  .  een  severe  finance  committee.  •  the  shop  was  found  upon  the  prisoner  when  apprehended,  There  was  a  small  supply  of  grain  at  market  to  ee  n  ,  - STYLE=superscript  ‘  ,7*'•Tbdr..Picton.)  bought,  he  was  quite  .  willine  te  gtve  up  the  how  serious  it  was  to  throw  an  imputation  on  the  repute-  times  moved  in  the  council  before,  end  that  it  had  '  been  .  ,  THE  MAYOR'S  COMMUNICA.TIONS.  and  not  being  able  to  give  a  satisfactory  account  of  how  he  best  descriptions  of  everything  met  a  slow  sale  at  %n  e  t  i  n•  '&#34;  •  •  1-b  e•  aid  the  small  ex  •'  li  . STYLE=superscript  h  h  had  tion  of  a  professional  man  or  of  a  tradeeman  on  no  authority  00g  ,lensenin  tamp  y  ,  ein  e  .  p  pences  wlc  e  thought  advisable  to  adopt  and  •  persevere  in  the  present  A  letter  Was  read  from  ,  Mr.  Samuel  JanNaghten,  late  h  '  •  •  h  •  •  •  •  •  •  of  Pn-the  ecanie  possessed  of  it,  and  being  an  old  offender,  e  was  currencies  of  last  Friday  ;  but  inferior  qualities  e  m  e  te  t  - STYLE=superscript  been  at.  (Hear,  hear).  •  whatever.  (Hear,  hear.)  mode  - STYLE=superscript  of  granting  the  use  of  the  rooms.  •  '  clerk  in  the  town-dues  office,  ,requesting  that  he  might  be  .I  committed  for  threo  months,  with  hard  labour.  and  OATS  were  scareely  saleable,  though  offered  at  e  '  s  esa,„.  Mr.  EARLE  :  A  very  proper  feeling.  e  The  TOWN-CLERK  then  read  the  following  letter  :  Mr  Alderman  S  H  .  .  Kenn  said  .  thet  though  the  parties  again  employed,  and.promising  that  he  should  never  again  HOUSEBREAKING  AND  COMMITTAL  OF  THE  OFFENDERS.—  reduction  of  6s  •to  Is  In  brl.  White  wh  t  e  di  d STYLE=superscript  ea  ,  est  a  ~  n  ,  Mr.  ;Alderman  PARKER  :As  '  one  of  the  insane  members  Lord-street  Chambers,  Liverpool,.  Nov.  25.  merels  har  ed  for  the  li  htm  e  nsidera  le  .  were  -c  g  gg  e  3;  e  co  b  give  cease  for  complaint.  .  William  Tones,  Mabel  Sort,  and  Ann  Moody,  alias  Hughes,  41s  6d  ;  red  ditto  36s  to  40s  ;  barley,  *grinding,  1-4 STYLE=superscript  s,  l  eld;  ,  aa'cif  the  6uance  committee  (hear,  hear,  and  great  laughter)-•-•  Sir,—l  have  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  note  of  ense  ha  to  be  incurred  afterwards  in  °leonine  the  Mr  .  .  -  .  a  ,  ,  •  Homer  said  that  they  all  knew  the  circumstances  wen,  charged  with  stealing  several  casks  and  other  articles  ditto  malting,  18s  to  20s  ;  bere,  15s  to  .16s  ;  oat  - STYLE=superscript  `,,,t  s  inl  e:  rooms.  After  every  such  ball  it  took  twe,  or  three  days  to  t  -  •  *  •  .  onnected  with  this  case.  Mr.  M'lnaghton  had  been  the  .  accused  of.  doing  those  eitraordinary  deeds,  he  mast  atatid  yesterday's  date,  in  which  you  request  . STYLE=superscript  me  to  attend  the  froere  the  houae  of  Mr.  Farrier,  Toxteth  Park.  Two  of  the  12s  to  15s;  ditto  tawny,  Ils  to  14s  •  rapeeeed,  '  41 STYLE=superscript  ,,,,  dr'  re-arrange  and  clean  the  - STYLE=superscript  rooms,  and  if  the  present  system  principal  .  clerk  in  the  town-dues'  office  for  19,  years,  arid  ne  •  •  ',tile  ter  say'  a  word  or  - STYLE=superscript  two  in  defence  of  the  finanCe'conimittee.  meeting  of  the  St.  George's  Hall  committee  on  Mendel  . STYLE=superscript  detectine  Officers,  Povey  and  McCallack,  stated  they  were  29s  6d  ;  oatmeal,  14s  6d  to  16s  ;  bakers'  flour,  225  n  '  )  were  to  e  de  arted  from  a  er  lar  e  ex  ense  ld  b  .  -  v  y  g  p  wou  e  duripg  all  of  that  time  he  bad  conducted  himself  with  the  \  -  When  a  gentleman  began  to  make  an  oration  to  the  coun-  next,  to  give  'certain  information,  of  which  it:is  alleged  nu  P  •  '  yesterday  morning  walking  in  St.  James'sestreet,  when  they  Indian  corn,  eg  480  lbs,  40s  to  45s  6d.  •own  on  the  corporation  funds.  -  •  .  greatest  propriety.  Unfortunately,  however,  towards  the  lel  met  the  three  prisoners,  and  seeine  something  which  ap-  _  utli  •  i-  ;  cil—he  might  call  it  a  maiden  speech,  (laughter)—he  should  am  in  possession,  regarding  the  measurements  and  •pay-  The  subject  th  dr  was  en  opped,  and  the,  report  was  end  of  that  period,  he  got  into  habits  n  of  drinking—his  •  a  ei  -'''''  .  Pot  . STYLE=superscript  build  his  premises  en  what  was  doing  out  of  doors.  meats  , STYLE=superscript  .  for  work  done  at  that  - STYLE=superscript  buildingnand  'irregularity  ..  .  all  1h  h  '  f  h  k  (h  '  p  are  nec  ot  =ging  out  o  le  as  -et,  eying  pre-  .  The  out-door  - STYLE=superscript  paupers  in  Wolverhampton  unto  0  0  adopted.  .  accounts  were  flailed  to  be  very  irregular,  and  although  gtf  () STYLE=superscript  V  - STYLE=superscript  Some  •comprehensive  scale,  by  some  incomprehensible  connected  therewith.  I  beg  leave  to  state  lam  not  in  pos-  Th  •  viously  received  inf  .  t•  orma  ion  of  the  robbery)  they  took  them  '  1927,  the  relief  for  last  month  was  169  Bs.  9d.  la  •  e  report  of  the  health  committee  was  then  read  ;  and  the  amount  a  •  tdm  was  very  smaln  - STYLE=superscript  still  it  was  such  .as  •  '  -  •  gains  i  ee  e  .  .  -  into  custody,  and  in  their  hoese  and  _upon  their  persons  they  and  133  Os.  10d,  in  kind.  ;  fer  - STYLE=superscript  5  c‘  body:  ,  That  was  all  very  well,  in  figurative  language  ;  but  session  of  any  such  information,  and,  '  consequently,  my  ..  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  Alderman  LANGSDALE,  seconded  b  o  make  it  incumbent  - STYLE=superscript  on  '  the  council  to  dismiss  hem  from  -  1 STYLE=superscript  -  , STYLE=superscript  es  the  faience  committee  did  what  was  comprehensible,  just,  meeting.  the  committee  would  be  a  waste  of  their  valuable  Mr.  Moss  •  .  ad  d  •  y STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  •  found  the  whole  of  the  property  stolen  from  the  house  of  The  cost  of  county  prosecutions  at.  StaffOrdsbe  re STYLE=superscript  an  ii  ci STYLE=superscript  „  ,it  wa.s  opte  .  -  j  • STYLE=superscript  -  and  honourable,  and  he  wished  this  to  go  forth  to  the  public.  time  and  mine  ;  but  Ido  reeollect,  some  time  back,  Mr.  their  employment.  On  the  otb.er  hand,  they  should  min-  Mr-  Farrier  on  the  night  of  the  sth  inst  which  house  h  d  •  •  •  •-  e  •  •  •  s  le  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Alderman  PR  '  th  .  Eseoei  e  report  of  sider  that  he  had  been  their  faithful  servant  fur  nineteen  '  •  ~  a  quarter  endmg  Michaelmas  includme  session  :  .  o  Meant  to  say  the  finance  committee  acted  perfectly  sane,  James  Almond,  one  of  the  clerks  or  foreman  of  the  works  been  entered  by  the  window,  a  pane  of  glass  having  been  nec  n  ,  n  .  was  12440  Os.  11d.  ha  l STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  i)  the  gardens'  committee  wen  adopted,  as  was  als  h  otat  of  the  ,  wise  and  in  accordance  with  the  instructions  of  the  council.'  referred  to,  having  told  me  there  was  a  want  .of  system,  ,  d  b  '  f  years,  and  that  through  one  lapse  he  ha  ,  een  reduced  rom  remo  - STYLE=superscript  Yed.  The  male  prisoner  admitted  his  guilt,  and  tried  B.ALF-DAY  ON  SATURDAY.—The  clerks  of  woller  oo  n'  11  e  church  expenditure  committee,  and  observatot  •co  •  .  mmittee.  The  finance  committee  was  only  a  part  of  the  council,  and  if  amounting  almost  to  inCompetency,  amongst  those  whose  .  The  report  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  water'  eonimittee  was  then  read.  It  station  of  mfort  ri  •  tabili  to  erfect  distress  a  co  a  d  iespec  ty  p  •tq  exculpate  the  others,  but  the  magistrate  committed  all  the  ton  have  commenced  an  agitation  for  a  half-holidal  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  Iv.tuirthere'  were  insanity,  let  it  apply  to  the  council  as  well.  duty  it  was  to  see  the  works  measured,  and  the  inference  to  detailed  the  progress  which  the  vatione  works  were  makin  '  He  had  a  wife  and  five  children  and  nothiag  to  support  prisoners  to  take  their  trial  at  the  present  assizes.  turdays.  .  ar  t  e.  e  s  teen'  -  Mr.  Trioetenne  was  -sueprised  to  hear•  Mr.  Eerie  : STYLE=superscript  finding  be  drawn  was,  that  work  was  as  likely  to  be  measured  more  and  stated  that  the  contractors  a  .  .  g:  them,  and  he  (Mr.  Hornby)  believed  thai  since  his  disnussal  ,  ppeared  dtsposed  to  carr  SEnmEn's  IVnons.--Three  sailors  belonging  to  a  Jersey  ~  ENGINE  DTIVER  FINED  FOR  INTOXIGATION  ..--j STYLE=superscript  Dl'  i:  Y  he  had  thoroughly  reformed  his  conduct.  He  ,(Mr.  Hornby)  '•  .  •  •  h  •  fE  a  LOC  ° STYLE=superscript  for  i  strip,  the  Julia,  summoned  t  e  captain  o  t  t  vessel  for  the  gine  driver,  named  Blackburn,  'employed  at  the  je  e  fault  with  the  renewal  of  leases  in  Bold-street,  for  he  was  than  once,  or  wholly  omitted,  as  otherwise.  This  is  the  out  the  works  in  the  proper  manner,  „.  .  himself  a  member  of  the  finance  committee,  when  many  of  sum  and  substance  of  all  I  know  of  this  matter,  and  I  have  admitted  that  it  would  be  . STYLE=superscript  a  very  bad  precedent,  but  if  the  tion-payment  of  their  wafts.  and  Yorkshire  line,  was  fined  at  Bolton  on  3  011 STYLE=superscript  ,  0  ,  rt'  1  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Hour,  seconded  b  .  Mr.  Alderman  those  leasea  *ere  granted.  •no  doubt  Mr.  Almond  will  explain  his  statement  if  called  C  th  t  dt  d.  OOPER,  e  repor  was  eop  e  y  council  could  do  anything  for  him,  it  was  deserving  of  con-  ;  Mr.  Owen  appeared  for  b STYLE=superscript  the  complainants,  an  d  M  r  .  Clifton  having  been  intoxicated  while  in  he  8.  •  nn  '  charge  of  t  0.  e  The  proceedings  were  confirmed.  upon:  I  shall,  however,  be  at  my  office  at  the  time  you  sideration.  .  .  for  the  defendants.  One  of  the  sailors,  Peter  Royal,  stated  that  passenger  train  from  Manchester  to  Liverpool  *e  ,  .  iIBRA_RY  AND  MUSEUM  COMMITTEE.  The  Mnyon  said  that  the  letter  could  lie  on  the  table,  aud  he  shipped  on  board  the  y.essel,  in  the  East  Indies,  in  day.  .  WATCH  COMMITTEE.  name,  especially  to  wait  on  yem,  should  Ibe  required  to  do  . STYLE=superscript  -  Mr.  P  •  •  th  d  •  icrow,  in  moving  e  a  option  of  the  report  of  this  •f  -  1  any  vacancy  occurred,  yr.  M'Naghten  coald  be  informed  March  last,  and  he  was  discharged  on  the  27th  No:ember,  _-  .  3 STYLE=superscript  ^  i STYLE=superscript  '  ''l STYLE=superscript  : STYLE=superscript  The  .  d  . STYLE=superscript  fh•  'a  n  •  d  prg  e  cee  lugs  o  t  is  comm.  ee  con  aine  a  recommen-  ,  so  although  it  will  disarrange  my  arrangetnents  to  a  certain  committee,  b  1  •  •  '  .  •  egged  to  cal  the  attention  of  the  council  to  a  .  o  f  it  .  IP'  °°  dation  tekrant  10s.  a  week  to  the  widow  of  IVilran,  the  extent  ;  and  as  I  have  given  you  the  whole  of  my  informa-  matter  of  some  importance,  as  it  respected  their  expenditure  eg  upon  the  ship  arriving  in  the  port  of  Liverpool.  The  cap-  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TI3  'set  - STYLE=superscript  p^lpolice  officer  who  was  drowned  in  the  execution  of  his  duty  tion,  my  presence  before  the  committee,  will,  I  hope,  be  (n  ,  ,  -  .  ,  in  this  department.  By  a  resolution  of  the  colincil,  lending  •  BECKWITH  asked  if  the  finance  coinmittee  could  con-  •  tam  had  it  a  r  r..  .  .  .  •  .  ppea  ed  stopped  his  salary  for  refusing  to  do  d  MOO  .Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  an  ________,,,,  t  :  .-  a  few  weeknago  ;  and  12s.  a  week  to  the  widow  of  Suther-  dispensed  with  for  the  present.—l  am,  Sir,  your  obedient  libraries  had  been  established  at  the  north  and  south  ends  of  nciousl  recommend  him  after  hanne  dismissed  him  ?  dut  and  in  bordn  •  n  scie  Y  a  -.  y.  su  1  atto  .  .  simultaneously,  and  thefollowing  are  the  rates  and  0  •  land,  the  officer,  who  was  stabbed  by  Copeland.  A  subscrip-  servant,  the  town  and  they  were  likely  to  be  attended  with  ver  unishable  offence  Mr.  Hounney  replied  that  he  was  speaking  simply  as  a  Mr.  Owen  contended  that  that  was  a  p  ,  •  TERMS  OF  SUBSQRIPTIOJN&gt;.  -  ;  -  tion  had  been  set  on  foot  for  the  families  of  those  men,  to  Shuttleworth,  Esq.  R.  consider:lde  success.  '  They  were  'established  mainl  f  th  y STYLE=superscript  yor  .  e  .mber  of  th  e  finance  com-  '  me  e  council,.not  as  ,chairmau  of  th  and  must  be  peovedby  . STYLE=superscript  the  log-book,  and  Mr.  Clifton  was  0  0  1 STYLE=superscript  which  Mr.  Mansfield,  stipendiary  magistrate,  subscribed  tho  Mr.  HonemY  had  a  few  remarks  to  make  on  the  dilato  r  y  advantage  of  the  poorer  classes  of  the  inhabitants,  who  .  ttee  mi  .  Ile  considered  it  a  case  of  very  great  distress,  and  ahout  to  read  the  entries  in  the  log,  but  Mr.  Gwen  objected,  IN  LIVERPOOL.  (sue.  OF  L1Vki1  .....  ,  handsome  sum  of  120.  maner  in  which  the  work  at  St.  George's  Hall  was  proceed-  were  not  in  a  position  to  obtain  booka—at  all  events,  as  such  recommended  it:  •  -  as  those  entries  had  not  been  reAd,  OVer  to  the  men  as  pre-  ........  i  .  VO`,„  Term  for  In  advance  On  Credit  'ln  advance.  $  y  en  -  Mr.  TOBIN,  in  moving  the  confirmation  of  the  proceedings,  ing.  He  was  quite  sure  every  member  of  the  council  would  books  of  the  character  which  they  were  able  to  obtain  ntrate  held  t  Mr.  lloss  '  thought  thpy  s  h  ou  ld  l  oo  k  .  ov  e  r  any  venial  seated  by  the  act  of  parliament.  The  magi  he  __es._  ___  0  •  anked  that  he  took  that  opportunity  of  thanking  the  agree  with  him  they  were  greatly  obliged  to  the  recorder,  by  means  of  these  libraries.  But  the  committee  were  o  f  !:  rem  ,  d  the  amount  £l6  3s  4d  was  or-  A  Y  r  .  i  4 STYLE=superscript  i° STYLE=superscript  faults,.  such  as  intemperance  e  but  if  he  were  really  discharged.  objection  to  be  valid,  an  _  .  .  .  .  ea  ..  ''3  0.  o  4o  o  .4  . STYLE=superscript  3  10  0  ..6  parties  who  had  raised  a  subscription  on  behalf  of  the  widows  for  the  courteous  manner  in  which  •he  has  acceeded  to  the  sorry  to  find  that  to  a  considerable  extent  the  advantages  of  'for  being  a  faithless  steward,  he  (Mr.  Moss)  would  be  the  dered  to  be  paid  to  the  complainant.  There  'were  two  other  .  _  O  4  7  Half  year  ..  .41  ii  6  .e  2  2  0  .ei  is  o  ...--  of  the  officers.  who  had  unfortunately  lost  their  lives  in  the  mayor's  request  to  hold  hie  nextseseionsin  the  old  inconvee  these  libraries  - STYLE=superscript  were  sought  for  by  persons  who  'were  in  a.  last  man  to  stand  up  and  support  hiin.  That  was  tne  similar  claime  for  £2O  15s.  4d.  each,  which  were  also  or-  e  0  e  ..-  .  public  service  .  ;  the  amount  contributed  by  them,  in  addition  nient  Nisi  Prius  court.  •At  the  same  time  the  council  must  feel  position  to  procure  books  elsewhere.  (Hear,  hear.)  This  had  he  been  &amp;red  to  be  aid  to  the  men  question  that  Mr.  Hornby  shoutd  answer  )  p  .  Quarter  '..ea  19  6  .el  5  0  .e  0  19  6  .  1 STYLE=superscript  .....  t.  '  '  fj  -;:  to  t1.1.8  . STYLE=superscript  ':Z26  subscribed  by  Mr.  Mansfield,  and  a  further  con-  there  was  a  duty  imposed  ou  it,  and  that  any  unneceasary  was  a  matter  with  which  the  committee  could  not  deal,  be-  faithless  tohis  trust,  or  merely  an  intemperate  man  .  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  AT  A  LODGING-HOUSE.—A  young  e-,  natention  from  the  steam-tug  company,  being  placed  in  tho  delay  which  took  place  in  the  completion  of  those  courts  of  cause  they  being  public  institutions  and  free  to  all,  they  were  Mr.  HORNET'  replied  that  the  council  would  not  have  enan,  ofemeet  - STYLE=superscript  respectable  appearauce,  and  genteelly  attired,.  Single  Papers  3d.  I  .  Single  Papers  3 STYLE=superscript  ............  ,/  0  4 STYLE=superscript  !  '  book  for  64, STYLE=superscript  .•-•  '  l STYLE=superscript  `  l, STYLE=superscript  r  , STYLE=superscript  committee  had  also  awarded  to  one  of  justice  was,  on  their  part,  an  absolute  interference  with  obliged  to-give  books  out  to  every  party  wh  o  b  rot  iaht  th  e  dissmissed  him,  had  he'not  been  faithless  - STYLE=superscript  to  his  trust.  .  who  gave  his  name  Donald  M'Clure,  was  charged  mith  rob-  Subscribers  who  d  t  h•'  b  •  •  •  I  *ritg  . STYLE=superscript  •  1,0  o  no  pay  t  en'  Su  scriptions  wit  a  _  d  o;  e  the  Widows  12s.  per  week,  twa  ..-  ~  -  -‘,.--  ,  As.  +h.,  ono  tne  rine  administration  of  justice.  .  Fer STYLE=superscript  e  n° STYLE=superscript  doubt, STYLE=superscript  '  thin STYLE=superscript  g.  '  ll.° STYLE=superscript  er STYLE=superscript  g,  narantee. STYLE=superscript  '  The STYLE=superscript  committee, STYLE=superscript  however  considered  it  '  Mr.  Alderman  LANGSDALE  thought  they  should  take  his  bing  a  lcidging-house,  kept  by  Mrs.  Ann  Murray,  51,  Bridge-  days  .  after  they  be  _ome  due,  will  be  charged,  when  payinr:,,  t''  haviiig  twO  children..  ti....4ii,  one.  The  exhibition  of  this  could  be  more  '  servitude  into  consideration,  and  provide  for  water-street,  of  which  houie  he  had  been  an  inmate.  c_•_r  e  e  r  cl  o  st  d  i:  ,..  r  i.  i  p  *c  a  e  j  m  or  en  a  t  ll  papers  that  may  have  been  sappliea  „:&gt;/  mewls'  .  11 STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  --  sne  net  law  courts,  and  it  thei  li STYLE=superscript  r  duty  to  brine  the  sable  tbfo  •  th  '  1.  It  •  nineteen  years  •  '  •  fedi&amp;  ne-  eta  exercise  a  beneficial  influence  on  the  force,  was  their  duty  to  get  the  new  'ones  completed  as  quickly  as  quite  mein.  UAW.  a  t STYLE=superscript  'brieut  deal  e  ithg  e  le  e  counci  .  was  .  ,  fa  £1  t  b  '  '  114  be  suaa.  ton  lova..  &amp;Lacs.  bum  .0.....  ...  -  ...  l STYLE=superscript  '''  •  '  '  •  Tne  complainant  . STYLE=superscript  stated  that  the  prisoner  had  P STYLE=superscript  ..  tram  they  saw  their  exertions  were  not  unregarded  ;  and,  '  possible  ;  and  with  that  view  he  should  moneS  and  he  hoped  It  might  be  Said  that  they  were  publie  institutions  su  -  Mr.  BEOKWITH  was  surprised  that  Alderman  Langsdale  left  her  lodgings  on  the  previous  '  dayn  and  that  .  P  it: STYLE=superscript  ADVERTISEMENTS.  '  i  l  ei!,  .  i  e  should  en  accident  occur  to  there,  they  would  see  that  their  the  council  would  adopt  it,  that  it  be  an  instruction  to  the  ported  by  public  main  dtht  IS  f  1;  '  l3 STYLE=superscript  y,  an  a  t  ere  ore  every  urgess  should  make  such  remarks,  when  it  was  stated  that  the  man  since  his  ,  departure  she  had  received  a  large  quantity  of  Advertisers  are  given  the  full  benefit  of  the  Repeal  0 STYLE=superscript  .11.01  , STYLE=superscript  ,  i  ,  .f  !  '  -  wives  and  families  would  not  be  left  unprotected.  (Hear.)  -  courts-of  law  committee,  to  finish  the  courts  before  the  next  had  ariht  t  g  ogo  and  obtain  books  on  the  conditions  get  was  intemperate.  clothing  belonging  to  other  lodgers,  and  also  property  of  her  Their  announcements  are  inserted  at  the  following  Scale°,  (  9  4  0  - STYLE=superscript  Mi  . STYLE=superscript  ..  Aldermen  PARKER  wished  to  direct  attention  to  the  ,  assizes.  Whenever  assizes  took  place  they  interfered  with  forth  in  the  rules  ;  but,  at  a  ll  even  t  s  ,  h  e  h  one  d  th  a  t  p  u  m  a  '  M  r  .  EonmcrsoN  GLADsToNE  thought  that  the  matter  olio,  which  was  in  the  alee  Pin  g STYLE=superscript  -room  used  bY  the  prisoner.  if  pre-pvment  is  made.  Monthly  credit  is  wily  given  , STYLE=superscript  4  .  4  I°  t.,  FOCeedillgS  of  the  watch  committee,  relative  to  gas  lights.'  the  progress  of  the  works,  and  it  was  most  important  the  mention  of  it  might  che  c  k  w  h  a  t  th  e  y  cou  ld  S  o  t  b  ut  co  t  - STYLE=superscript  s  ew  er  might  be  readily  disposed  of.  Let  them  place  themselves  The  Magistrate  :  How  do  Yon  connect  the  prisoner  with  advert'sers,  and  an  addition  of  ten  per  cent.  is  charged  He  had  been  long  .  persuaded  of  the  diminutive  size  of  the  courts  should  he  completed  before  March  •  as  to  some  -extent  an  interference  with  the  '  tradesmen  who  in  the  position  of  the  council,  and  then  say  whether  or  not  'the  robbery  ?  not  made  on  or  before  the  10th  of  each  month.  The  fa  o  , STYLE=superscript  sr,  scale  of  .  -4  ,  public  gas  lights,  and  he  ;was  glad  to  see  the  borough  en-  Mr.  WOODRUFF  seconded  the.  reielution.  had  to  obtain  a  livelihood  by  keeping  ()Pen  libraries  and  they  would  employ  one  whom  they  had  dismissed  for  breach  Complainant  :  (coolly)  :  The  things  are  gone,  and  he  is  •  I STYLE=superscript  -  Charges  for  Single  Insertions-  ____;.;4  gineer  was  to  report  on  the  subject.  He  begged  to  con.era-  Mr.  Alderman  TURNF.R  remarked  that  it  was  very  lending  out  books.  After  this,  perhaps,  no  further  notice  •of  trust.  .  .  gone  too.  -  ,9.  1  tulate  the  public'  on  the  probability  of  having  better  liht.  s  d  s  d  s  d  ,;  9  ,0'  3  .1  .  •  desirable  that  members  of  the  council'  should  know  that  the  might  be  necessary  on  the  subject,  but  th  - STYLE=superscript  e  th  h't  •  1  M  H  did  t  uite  agree  with  Mr.  Gladstone.  The  Magistrate  :  What  is  the  prisoner  ?  y  oug  t  1  rig  it  r.  ,oposoer  no  q  1,2,0  r  3  lineS  1010  or  11  lines  3018  or  Wines,  5  0  28, STYLE=superscript  :  .  ;1,  0( STYLE=superscript  s  o.,  The  proceedings  were  confirmed.  .  .  great  number  of  visitors-  introduced  into  the  bulding  had  to  mentiog  it  to  the  council  in  order  that  ti  Motion  might  be  He  (Mr.  Hodgson)  was  rather  inclined  to  think  with  Mr.  ,31r.  Clough  :  That  we  do  not  know  ;heis  a  mystery;  I  4or  5  „16120r13„36  20  or  21  „  5  6  9  1 STYLE=superscript  .  :  ,  5  ,  ?  ( STYLE=superscript  .  49,'  DOCK  COMMITTEE.  seriously-  .  interfered  with  the  works.  It  was  a  very  serious  founded  on  it  if  necessary.  *  Hornby,  that  if  a  man  discharged  his  duties  faithfully  and  can't  say  what  he  is.  '  6or  7  „20140  r  15  „  4  0  22,  23,  or  24,  6  0  3  8,  0  1 STYLE=superscript  .  •  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  having  been  read,  inconvenience  to  the  workmen,  and  in  many  instances  'two  Mr.  AVISON  seconded  the  adoption  of  the  report..  .  hoaestly  for  a  number  of  years,  and  was  then  guilty  of  a  A  witness  :  Ile  said  he  had  money  to  receive  of  Mr.  Sid-  80r9•„2616  or  17  „  4  6  25,  26,  or  27,6  6  3•:&gt;  .  ,  And  Sixpence  for  every  Additional  two  lines.  :''  .  Mr.  TURNER  moved  their  confirmation.  In  doing  so,  he  or  three  men  had  been  obliged  to  be  put  on  to  follow  Mr.  Alderman  COOPER  said  that  he  observed  by  the  re-  small  crime,  they  should  look  mercifully  on  his  fault.  dons  .  in  Castle-street  ;  but,  upon,  inquiry,  I  find  he  is  not  ..  '  .  called  the  attention  of  the  chairman  of  the  finance  committee  strangers  'about  the  building.  He  suggested  that  members  Port  that  the  committee  had  agreed  with  some  one  to  - STYLE=superscript  supply  After  some  further.  discussion,  the  letter  was  allowed  to  known  there.  •  Scale  of  Prices  for  Contract  Advertiseei  ,  ii  ,  .  ~  ,  .to  the  very  great  inconvenience  caused  to  the  channel  steam-  should  exercise  a  discretion  as  to  the  eorders  which  they  foreign  booke  and  publications  at  20  per  cent.  under  the  lie  on  the  table.  .  A:police-officer  :We  have  found  some  keys  upon  the  pri-  PAYABLE  IN  ADVANCE.  •,  11''  '' STYLE=superscript  1••  •  31  5 STYLE=superscript  ,  -  i  .  ,  ,  ers  by  the  removal  of  the  small  landing-stage  foi  repairs.  gave  ;it  was  desirable  that  this  should  be  done  till  the  corn-  tradeprice.  He  wished  to  know  in  he  were  to  under  Stand  A  letter  was  need  from  Sir  Roderick  Murchison,  chairman  soner  which  fit  the  box  in  the  sleeping-room.  One  Month  3  Months  6  Months  or  ;oil  s  , STYLE=superscript  .  ert'  The  parties  connected  with  the  channel  steamers  had  applied  pletion  of  the  buildine  ,by  that,  that  one  hotise  had  the  exclusive  right  of  '  provid-  'of  the  Bellot  testimonial  fund,  soliciting  subscriptions.  Tlae  Magistrate  :  That  is  a  suspicious  cireumstance.  Pri-  0,  26  or  78  or  156  1.0  __.,  ,  •  0 STYLE=superscript  '  •  Insertions.  Insertions.  Insertions.  il•  ._.  to  the  dock  committee  for  leave  to  use  the  latge  landing-  Mr.  PICTON  thought  Mr.  Hornby's  motion  tequired  genie  jug.  all  such  books  ?  and  also,  if  that  were  the  Case,  whether  '  The  nle.yon  remarked  that  the  letter  had  been  forwarded  soner„what  have  you  to  say  ?  ----  --___.  —....—...-  ,  e  ,  ...,  ,  ;  gegen  but  the  dock  committee  had  to  express  its  great  re-  modification.  Mr.  Hornby  meant  it  to  accelerate  the  com-  any  other  party  had  been  treated  with  Or  tenders  called  for  to  him,  and  that  he  had  brought  it  before  the  council,  for  Prisoner  :  I  heve  nothing  to  say.  .n  . STYLE=superscript  s.  d.  .t  . STYLE=superscript  s.  d.  .4  s•  d.  g  9 STYLE=superscript  #  )  ,  gent  tnat,  owing  to  the  use  made  of  the  landing-stage  by  the  pletion  of  the  courts.of  law.  They  were  complete.  by  advertisement  n  '  the  purpoee  of  giving  it  publicaty.  The  police-officer  requested  to  have  the  prisoner  remanded,  ito  3  lines  ..  12  0  215  0  4  15 STYLE=superscript  ° STYLE=superscript  6  1  2 STYLE=superscript  1  °  :  naver  steamers,  and  the  accommodation  which  they  required,  The  MAYOR  :  No,  no.  Mr.  Picecee  replied  that  the  expression,  per  cent.  The  letter  was  allowed  to  lie  on  the  table.  whien  request  was  seconded  by  the  prisoner,  in  order  that  he  4or  5  lines  ..  113  0  42  6  7  2 STYLE=superscript  9,  0  .  11 STYLE=superscript  6  or  7  lines  ..  2  5  0  Goo  Ho°  t  •I  ,  p  _  ,  ,''  e  it  wee  impossible  to  find  space  for  the  channel  steamers,  with-  Mr.  Picron  :  Complete,  so  far  as  occupation  goes.  If  under  trade  wa  s  not  correct,  as  it  should  have  been  A  communication  was  read  from  the  chaplain  of  the  gaol,  might  have  time  to  engage  a  solicitor.  8,  9,  or  10  lines  37  0  815  0  15  15  0 STYLE=superscript  s  5  16 STYLE=superscript  ,  9  -  out  interfering  with  the  traffic  of  the  river.  Durin,g  the  applied  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  general  building,  it  would  be  . STYLE=superscript  all  very  we  n,  •  under  publiehing  'As  to  the  rest  of  Aldermen  requesting.  that  his  salary  (1250)  might  be  increased.  He  The  prisoner  was  remanded.  .  ,_,  ,  1,12,  or  131ines  4  9  o  11  lo  o  .  3_____  lo STYLE=superscript  __?,---  4  4 STYLE=superscript  repair repair!,cef  !,cef repair!,cef  the  smaller  landing-stage,  he  hoped  the  finance  Mr.  EARLE  :  Mr.  Hornby  means  painting  and  finishing  Cooper's  interrogatones,  he  thought  he  *would  be  able  to  '  showed  that  his  duties  had  considerably  increased  since  14,15,  or  16  lines  5  11  --- STYLE=superscript  0  -- STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  14  - STYLE=superscript  9`  - STYLE=superscript  0  -- STYLE=superscript  -t5  5 STYLE=superscript  '  ,  g  S  °  ~  OOMEHtteC  would  . STYLE=superscript  be  enabled  to  procure  a  substitute.  The  MAYOR  :  Yes.  •  -  answer  them  satisfactorily.  The  tenders  were  publicly  1842,  and  that  his  salary  was  less  than  that  of  any  gaol  THE  COAL  AND  IRON  TRADE  or  STAITORDSHERE  For  every  additi additi---  ---- additi---  onal  3  lines  or  1'  2  0  215  0  .  4 STYLE=superscript  15 STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  •  ____:__,,,..-•-•'''  .  3lr,  GREGBON  se  ...  ~.  .  ..  conded  the  motion  for  the  confirmation  of  Mr.  EARLE  asked  was  eveiencerotchet  relative  to  hearin  advertised  in  every  Liverpool  newspaper,  for  several  weeks,  chaplain  in  the  county,  or  of.  any  gaol  of  equal  inagnitude  The  coal  trade  continues  to  maintain  unprecedented  activity,  _less.  •  •  ___•_----  -  ,_  ,  .  th  2  jgOeeedings.  g  ,  and  ventilation  yet  settled  ?  '  They  had  been  'frequently  and  thecontract  of  Messrs.  - STYLE=superscript  Webb  and  Hunt,  who  had  the  in  the  kingdom.  He.  enclosed  a  resolution  . STYLE=superscript  of  tho  visiting  and  'though  the  quantity  raised  far  exceeds  any  former  sup-  -  NT  R  - STYLE=superscript  Y•  VO  ri STYLE=superscript  ,  nen  Honeray  said  th  •  AGENTS  IN  THE  COD  - STYLE=superscript  tw  o.  co  , STYLE=superscript  e  circumstance  had  only  been  made  altered,  but  he  did  hear  that  they  were  not  at  all  what  some  contract  during  the  previous  year  was  again  accepted,*  as  it  justicenpassed  at  their  last  meeting,  in  which  they  bore  ply,  yet  the  advance  still  continues  in  excess  of  it.  A  lame  $  -1%  &amp;v.  _  ,  known  to  .him  yesterday,  and  no  application  had  been  made  of  the  judges  thought  courts  should  be  in  those  res  t  was  the  lowest  - STYLE=superscript  .  In  the  course  of  ' STYLE=superscript  the  committee's  proceed-  testimony  fo  his  zeal  in  the  discharge  of  his  duty,  and  re-  quantity  of  thick  coal  lies  . STYLE=superscript  immersed  in  water  in  the  neign neignn  n neignn  Ashton.  ;  to  the  finance  committee  by  the  own  f  •  pec  s.  .  ..  Birmin  , STYLE=superscript  '  .  •  .  gham  Mr.  Cooper.  '  Wiiiiaraf,  ors  o  channel  steamers;  'Perhaps  they  never  would  be  made  so  ;  but  before  the  courts  ings  circumstaaces  took  place  which  led  to  a  difference  of  commended  his  claim  to  the  consideration  of  the  council.  •  bourhood  of  the  •Deepfields  and  Tipton,  and  some  effort,  E.  &amp;C.  Mansell.  Runcorn.-  •••  ••  mr.  Row  or  tli•  .  '''  b  t  h  w  uld  undertake  to  a  •  ,11  90  ssure  the  council  that  every  ex-  were  finished  entirely,  the  eouncil  had  better  be  satisfied  the  opinion  between  them  and  the  Messrs:  Webb  'end  Hunt.  Mr.  Aldermen  DOVER  said  that  it  had  always  struck  him  it  issaid,  is  about  being  made  to  effectually  release  it  ;if  so,  Burnley  Dir.  Lutcliffe.  p,'  s.  AS  l STYLE=superscript  l'  c STYLE=superscript  ice.  ....  ertion.  should  be  made  to  expedite  tl  •  -  •  •  y  'rdner.  Rocaaale.  •.••  •  •  ,  .  N  s,  rig  ,  0  04.  ~  ie  repairs  of  the  lauding  were  as  perfect  as  they  could  be,  and  ev*.th  this  vieW  he  re-  They  desired  to  relinquish  the  contract,  and  the  committee  as  being  most  extraordinary  that  the  salary  of  every  other  it  will  confer  a  great  boon  upon  the  iron  works  east  'of  Dud-  f  jo  o STYLE=superscript  o  it STYLE=superscript  t  o STYLE=superscript  le  n STYLE=superscript  *  •  •  3 STYLE=superscript  4  r  mu STYLE=superscript  a  G STYLE=superscript  at  a STYLE=superscript  i  ~  .  i  r STYLE=superscript  iriulail  , STYLE=superscript  ',.pe•  '  goon  •  and  if  any  temporary  ar  ac  sh'  u  tlen  n  eg.  •  ee•  s  •  rarigement  could  be  made  to  co  mmended  they  should  be  fitted  up  enly  in  t  considered  that  they  were  acting  best  f  o  r  the  intereet  of'  th  e  offi'cer  connected  with  the  „gaol  should  have  been  'increased,  ley.  Good  ironstone  '  continues  in  great  request,  at  ad ado  o ado  emporary  Barnsi;y  .. STYLE=superscript  .....  give  those  steamers  some  little  couvenie  lidera.  .....  1,130_.,13  nce,  he  should  take  manner.  •  •  •  .  public  in  consenting  to  the  relinquishment.  They  then  and  that  that  of  the  chaplain  should  have  remained  sta-  vanced  rates,  and  may  be  said  ,to  be  worth  20s.  per  ton.  Chorley...  ,  care  it.was  donee  .  .t  so  rn•  -.  •  Mr  Alderman  TURNER  said,  so  far  as  ventilation  went,  apPlied  to  the  parties  who  had  tendered  before,  and  to  on  e  tionery;  , STYLE=superscript  b,ut  he  feared  that  this  was  owing  to  the  fact,  that,  The  colliers  'continue  peaceable,  and  attend  to  their  work  Crewe--  '  .Mr:  TOBIN  remarked  that  on  a  former  'occasion  When  the  •  Chester...  ..  hey  were  perfect.  .  •or  two  others  by  circular  to  give  in  their  tenders.  The  two  unlike  other  officers,  he  did  not  sufficiently  often  apply  for  much  betterthan  they  did:  The  demand  for  all  kinds  of  ~  R.  &amp;H.  Taylor.-  SWAP&#34;'  -  li.  ru:Tyrer•  small  danding.stage  eves  removed  for  repairs,  some  barges  t STYLE=superscript  -  •  Id  •  •  e  •  ....  The  Mayon  hoped  the  council  wou  permit  him  to  travel  lowest  were  those  of  Mr.  Walmsley,  and  Mr.  Howell,  but  a  s  'it.  He  (Mr.  Dover)  believed  him  to  . STYLE=superscript  .  be  one  of  the  best  manufactured  iron  is  excessive,  and  circulars  have  been  is-  Douglas.  ~_,.i  gan7  .  .....  ..  a:  .  8,,,.it  i  1  a  1 STYLE=superscript  •  0  01.  1  ..  .  were  moored.  there,  and  he  believed  they  had  an  old  b  •  '  •  '  '  h  d  •  'M  '  .  •  •  '  '  •  h•  .  '1  h  •  •  •bl  '  d  - STYLE=superscript  b  arge  a  little  out  of  his  province,  haying  - STYLE=superscript  so  mile  to  oin  the  sle  Wahnsley  was  aut.-senior  tradesman,  they  thought  it  public  se  r  vants  te  .  counci  ad.  He  was  indefatiga  ein  sue  y  some  parties  declaring  a  rise  of  20s.  per  ton  •  viz.,  Holyhead  HG.  Hughes.  '''  Woolton.  •  •  •  •  •  •  _..--St  ric STYLE=superscript  kiatc  ll STYLE=superscript  ,;  . STYLE=superscript  1  be  fitted  u  He  me  1  •  '  '  -  .  se  n  .  ,  .._  now  which  Might  easi  y  p.  re  y  renunded  courtS  up.  to  a  recent  period.  A  fair  trial  had  b  ee  n  g  i  ven  t  o  proper  that  •he  •  s STYLE=superscript  should  have  the  preference.  The  contract  his  labours--  he  had  three  daily  services  on  the  Lord's  day,  bars;  110  ;  hoops,  111  ;  hand  sheets,  'll2  per-ton.  'These  Huddersfield,.  .  Edward  Clayton.  ___  l  IV,  WI.  ........  Messrli  4  ,1  ,1  ,  .  '  Mr.  Ilornby  of  the  fact.  H  de....  those  courts,  and  they  had  had-  the  opinion  of  almost  every  was  for  the  •  exclusive  supply  of  new'  books,  both  for  e  i  en  ,  an  d  h  e  di  sc  h6  xge  d  in  the  prism  two  duties  for  he  not  only  were  the  prices  fixed  upon  at  the  commencement  of  the  pre-  lacclesfield  Mr.  Shuttleworth  ~  '  ings.  i  4  g  usd  ,  •:  .  ,  Mr.  Moss  wished  to  call  the  attention  of  the  chairman  of  •  etre.  •  ,  .  judge  who  had  attended  those  courts.  When  theY  came  to  and STYLE=superscript  English  ;  for  as  to  second  hand,  and  other  books,  ti  le  m  i  u  nt  ere  d  t  o  th  e  prisoners'  religious  wants,  but  he  also  sent  year,  -  which  forced  up  coals  and  stone  to  their  present  Ormskirk..  .....  William  Garside.  •  •  It  .  ,  the  dock  coinolittee  to  the  great  .risk  to  human  life  which  consider,  the  courts  hd  b  ed  t  th  t-th  •  commnt  *  h  ld'  '  th  .'  h  b  ld  '  '  'directed  them  iu  their  fueure  course  of  life.  It  was  in-  osition  but  If  h  h  b  1  1  •t•  ed  *th  a  een  open  wo  years  a  mon  ,  iees  ou  procure  em  as  tey  .  est  cou  ,  p  ,  wic  ave  een  um.  orm  y  main  am  wi  .  Prescot...  Thomas,  Traverse  •  ~  •  1•  3 STYLE=superscript  lE  i  existed.  in  consequence  of  prpper  precautions  not  being  taken  and,  inasmuch  as  the  work  war;  proceeding.,  they  should  thank  Mr„Aldernian  S.  HOLME  asked  if  the  contract.  e  [  e  r  e  f  or  t  en  d  e  d,  h  e  pr  r  .  Dover)  beliened,  to  have  a.  separate  institu.  very  -few  exceptiens,  while  the  former  have  received  40s:  Preston  ES  '  s STYLE=superscript  ll STYLE=superscript  '  PUBLISHIN.G  OFFICkIS,  1  'CHAIM-  t  oo.  ___,  HI  , STYLE=superscript  •  ~/,  •  during_tha  pmsent  d  e  nse  fog  on  the  river.  Last  night  one  the  tecorder  for  his  kindness.  in  aereeing  not  to  hold  any  a  specific  period  ?  •  tion  for  that  purpose  in  the  borough,  but  now;  through  the  per  ton,  ,  but  it  . STYLE=superscript  is  quite  clear  they  must  now  attain  their  LIVEHPO.OL,  10,  SouTu  Jour;  ST.  ..  Tu.  ___,--ro,  ~,,,...„n  ,  of  the  .Woodende  beats  took  upwards  of  an  hour,  to  nnd  out  further  sessions  in  the  ne  urt  •  •  .  s  until  their  comnletion.  wco  ,  ,  ,  Mr.  Pearce:en  'For  a  year:  exertions  Of  the  chaplain,  the  gaol  was  in  fact  a  reformatory  former  position  . STYLE=superscript  on  account  of  the  high  price  of  the  raw  ma-  MINCIUSTER,9,  Painciess  ST.  ____  -  ,  -- STYLE=superscript  71  - STYLE=superscript  I,'jt,  !'  e  rf  '  Cie  locality  of  the  landing-stage.  'There  had  been  attempts  The  floor  was  b  •  M  Ald  '  •  i  WlLlen`  sone°  .  .  eing  laid  in  the  hall  which  would  cause  a  '  e  re.  orman  DovEu  asked  if  anything  had  been  done  to  'institution.  •  •  •  .  terial.  Hot  blast  mine  pigs  are  realisine  14  12s.  6d.  per  _  le  .  .  ------  vd  , STYLE=superscript  CHAIM--  d  .  made  in  the  forms  of  gongs  and  Screamers,  but  they  were  so  great  noise,  and  th  '  •  •  r*  d  etl  b  d  1  •  fth  ;  I  Th  1  f.  d  t  'th  I  •tt  r  mted  and  Published  by  .  ti  „,  an  ,  ey  must  take  advantage  of  this  time  to  eme  y-  le  a  -vent'  anon  o  e  museum  .  t  was  almost  -a°  etter  was  re  erre  o  e  gao  corn=  ee.  •  ton,  and  cold  blast  15  2s.  Od•  with  a  gooedemand.  There  Otf  d  t  t'  et  his  General  Prin  E.  yap  .:  •  •  or  -s  ree  ,  .  very  ludicrous  that  the  men  employed  to  work  them  were  complete  the  courts.  impossible  to  breathe  there.  •  A  methorial  was  read  from  Mr.  James  M'Donald,  request-  are  pigs  of  inferior  make;  mixed  •  with  cinder  selling  at  a  •  h  J  hu-streen  1  _  ashamed  of  their  occupation.  The  public  were  entitled  that  Mr.  Nicol,  said  that  several  d  '  .  •  Establishmeut,  19,  Sont  .  0  ,  .....  t  3  op.  esigns  had  been  approved  Mr:  Pmerole  replied  that  the  attention  of  the  surveyor  ing  that  sale  eraployment  might  be  given  him.  .  lesepricOutgood  pigs  *are  in  great.  requeSt  e  and  are  eagerly  .  EGEMB  EIN STYLE=superscript  '  proper  precantions  should  be  taken,  not  by  favor  but  by  of  by  the  committee,  and  he  thought  it  would  be  es  well  to  had  been-called  to  the-Matter,  but  that  the-  only  way  - STYLE=superscript  to  lir,  •  W4or  l  itnrr  observed  „that  _llie.„mepioxialist„was:.  in  . STYLE=superscript  .  bought  up  at  existing  rates.—  IVaverhani.pton  Herdic?.  •  •  •-  .  D  .  ..  ..  .  .  ...  .  ,  ,  .  '  4 STYLE=superscript  gist  to  'i  )  ,  th  e  -  1  c  li  i3 STYLE=superscript  l,  of STYLE=superscript  lii  i  - STYLE=superscript  Y  t  ow  l STYLE=superscript  e  .  !kki,Por  ka,4  Mr.  EARLE  asked  was  ever,Nrotchet  relative  to  hearing  and  ventilation  yet  settled  ?  They  had  been  frequently  altered,  but  he  did  hear  that  they  were  not  at  all  what  some  of  the  judges  thought  courts  should  be  in  those  respects.  'Perhaps  they  never  would  be  made  so  ;  but  before  the  courts  were  finished  entirely,  the  council  had  better  be  satisfied  they  were  as  perfect  as  they  could  be,  and  w'th  this  view  ho  re recommended  commended recommended  they  should  be  fitted  up  only  in  a  temporary  manner.  •  Mr.  Alderman  TURNER  said,  so  far  as  ventilation  went,  they  were  perfect.  The  MAYOR  hoped  the  council  would  permit  him  to  travel  a  little  out  of  his  province,  having  so  much  to  do  in  the  courts  up  to  a  recent  period.  A  fair  trial  had  been  given  to  those  courts,  and  they  had  had  the  opinion  of  almost  every  judge  who  had  attended  those  courts.  When  they  came  to  consider,  the  courts  had  been  opened  two  years  that  month  ;  and,  inasmuch  as  the  work  was  proceeding,  they  should  thank  the  recorder  for  his  kindness  in  agreeing  not  to  hold  any  further  sessions  in  the  new  courts,  until  their  completion.  The  froor  was  being  laid  in  the  hall,  which  would  cause  a  great  noise,  and  they  must  take  advantage  of  this  time  to  complete  the  courts.  Mr.  Nicoi,  said  that  several  designs  had  been  approved  of  by  the  committee,  and  he  thought  it  would  be  as  well  to  •  HL  re,  V  . STYLE=superscript  O  .•  sv  c  or:  PrestOn•••:  •  •  •  •  •  l STYLE=superscript  l  ng.  ton  44 STYLE=superscript  5  .,,110*  Vi  e  ,  Runcorn-  ••  •  •  •  w.Aitsgortjj.  Rocil  c  hae..  •  ••  •  •  i  .  \Vrigif  l  iiii•  St.  lidera.  .....  43  ,  3 STYLE=superscript  :  0  ,0  .  13  00  11 STYLE=superscript  '  1 STYLE=superscript  .  Sonfir  po  rt..  .....  Job  u  j3  ilei•  -*  •  • STYLE=superscript  I  t  MI:  r  ev  J  a  me!  :  ?;b,  Wigan.  ••••  •  •  •  mi  .,.  ,Ao  .  _,  0  4•  •  Wootton.  •  •  •  •  •  •  ,  •  Wiga  n. STYLE=superscript  •  •  .....  D  iessm  ito  beri  osle  go.  I STYLE=superscript  '  2l STYLE=superscript  '  91  I  0  0.  'TER  . STYLE=superscript  tV,  p&amp;INCZSS  ST.  /1,  Printed  and  Published  by  CIIA11140;  WlLLlo,n,tioncrl  Oiford-street;  at  his  General  Printing-  and  Establishment,  19,  South  John-street,  Livery  oot.  •  •  'THURSDAY,  DECEivIBEB  t  3,  18°'  •  1..:  P4_TB00009 iti  dispatches  raanding  aportant  n  .  maining  luantity  at  given  is  xi.  The  by  gr.  •  h  e  coranass  1)6  whilst  tb  e STYLE=superscript  „  an  t  s  toci.  , STYLE=superscript  3  the'  ece,  thst  -:„,_  hatwould'i  Cg  arkets,BALL  e  deila  pal  rincipal  be  ,  ►  FO  tNeLo  m  oved;  q  R  ins  an  tt  . STYLE=superscript  l  4  ,  formerly',  el'  ips  to  •  kiyeriti  citt  4,  the  coag  ..  the  north  •  of  the  ir  '  . STYLE=superscript  t  o  ns  twee  ad  tons;  of  ;  ter  ti  14;  d  shiPltoo,4  irk  Withig  .  lusand  1  land•4l4  r  of  its  c,'t  se  t  db.  t  ear  aseertai  „,0'  't,  14 STYLE=superscript  1(1  oar  derjri  ar  opebllrtio  far  esc''  ,"
