text
"FRANCE.  Advices  from  Paris  of  Wednesday  evening  state  that  there  had  beena  sudden  rise  in  the  funds  in  the  afternoon,  and  various  rumours  Were  in  circu circulation  lation circulation  to  account  for  it.  One  was,  that  information  had  been  received  by  telegraph  from  Vienna,  stat stating  ing stating  that  Baron  Meyendorff,  having  communicated  to  the  Emperor  of  Russia  the  heads  of  the  new  project  of  arrangement  proposed  by  the  four  Pow Powers,  ers, Powers,  had  received  an  answer  which  was  considered  favourable.  As  the  German  journals,  which  arrived  in  Paris  on  Wednesday  morning,  contained  a  state statement  ment statement  that  the  Sultan  had,  when  this  new  project  was  mentioned  to  him,  declared  that  he  would  cheerfully  accede  to  any  diplomatic  arrangement  which  would  secure  the  independence  of  Turkey  and  his  goveroigh  rights,  the  report  in  quotation  was  of  a  nature  to  inspire  confidence  as  to  the  maintenance  of  peace.  Another  rumour  of  a  very  different  nature,  and  much  more  improbable  if  we  calculate  date,  was  that  the  Russians  had  attempted  to  cross  the  Danube,  and  had  met  with  a  check  from  the  Turks  of  so  serious  a  nature  that  they  will  not  hastily  renew  the  attempt.  One  of  the  Paris  journals  states  that  as  many  as  15,000  copies  of  the  last  pamphlet  of  M.  Ledru  Rollin  have  been  seized  by  the  police  in  France.  This  statement,  however,  is  considered  to  be  greatly  exaggerated,  as  the  copies  seized  went  from  England,  and  there  had  not  been  time  to  print  an  edition  here  with  clandestine  presses.  It  is  con considered  sidered considered  by  some  persons  connected  with  the  police,  that  too  great  promptitude  has  been  exer exercised  cised exercised  in  this  affair  :  and  that  if  the  agents  of  M.  Ledru  . STYLE=superscript  Rollin  had  been  allowed  a  few,  days  more  for  operations,  their  plans  would  have  been  ascer ascertained  tained ascertained  with  greater  accuracy.  In  political  news  all  that  we  learn  of  a  positive  character  is  that  the  Porte,  not  regarding  the  an answer  swer answer  of  Prince  Gortschakoff  as  satisfactory,  had  ordered,  on  the  15th,  the  immediate  commence  ment  of  hostilities.  The  two  fleets  were  said  to  have  arrived  at  Constantinople  on  the  16th,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  fresh  orders.  The  Patrie  gives  the  following  account  of  an  ac accident  cident accident  on  the  Versailles  Railway  The  train  which  left  Versailles  this  morning,  at  seven  o'clock,  broke  a  rail  between  the  stations  of  Courbevoie  and  Amiens,  at  called  the  Pont  des  Quinze  Perches.  The  threel  ast  carriages  having  gone  off  the  rails,  came  against  the  iron  pillars  of  the  bridge  which  stand  on  the  left  side  of  the  road.  Two  of  these  pillars  were  thrown  down,  and  falling  on  the  carriages,  knocked  one  to  pieces  and  damaged  another.  Unfortunately  in  the  shock  seven  per persons  sons persons  were  more  or  less  seriously  injured,  and  six  bruised.  Among  the  wounded  is  the  conducteur  who  attended  to  the  breaks.  Every  attention  was  given  to  the  wounded  by  rthe  agents  of  the  com company,  pany, company,  and  five  of  them  were  taken  to  a  maison  de  sante  at  Courbevoie.  The  rupture  of  the  rail  was  completely  accidental;  it  is  stated  by  several  en engineers  gineers engineers  that  it  was  in  perfectly  good  condition,  and  that  the  accident  would  not  have  been  attended  with  any  bad  results,  but  for  the  proximity  of  the  A.c  coon  ac  the  account  of  it  reached  Paris  M.  Magne,  the  Minister  of  Public  Works,  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  the  spot  to  ascertain  from  his  own  ob observation  servation observation  the  causes  of  the  Accident."
