text
"garOttn  Atittl  firm.  MONDAY,  OCTOBER  10,  1853  FROM  the  latest  advices  received  touching  the  Eastern  difficulty  we  are  enabled  to  state,  that  the  declaration  of  war  made  by  the  SULTAN  against  Russia,  and  which  produced  such  alarm  in  the  public  mind  ever  since  the  news  first  reached  this  country,  is,  after  all,  merely  conditional  SULTAN  grants  a  limited  period—said  to  be  four  weeks—to  the  CZAR,  to  withdraw  his  troops  from  the  Principalities,  ere  such  declaration  of  war  be  carried  into  effect.  We  see,  therefore,  no  neces.  sity  for  warlike  anticipations.  On  the  contrary,  it  is  more  than  probable  that,  in  the  mean  time,  the  friendly  negotiation  of  the  GREAT  POWERS  wil  effect.  a  peaceful  and  amicable  solution  of  this  question  ;  and  thus  save  Europe  from  being  again  embroiled  in  a  horrible  and  bloody  war.  The  French  and  English  Governments  have  addressed  notes  to  the  Russian  Government  res-  pecting  the  acceptance  of  the  Turkish  modifications:  They  are  in  reply  to  M.  de  NESSELRODE'S  last  despatch  ;  and  are  said  to  be  written  in  very  strong  and  decisive  terms.  Both  countries  are  determined  upon  upholding  the  sovereignty  of  the  SULTAN,  and  the  integrity  of  the  Turkish  empire.  Another  Cabinet  Council  is  to  be  held  it  Downing-street  this  afternoon  THERE  is  a  class  of  the  genus  homo,  ycleped  who  invariably  strain  their  coarse  lungs  in  crying  down  every  new  and  important  enterprize.  Miserable,  craven  creatures  are  they,  who  live  in  an  atmosphere  of  ennui;  and  as  they  can  never  prosper  in  anything  they  themselves  under undertake,  take, undertake,  will  allow  no  undertaking  to  prosper.  Mr.  ALBERT  SMITH  has  done  good  service  to  society  in  writing  the  natural  history  of  other  noxious  bipeds.  We  wonder  it  has  not  struck  him  to  employ  his  erudite  pen  in  giving  to  the  world  a  faithful  por portraiture  traiture portraiture  of  these  phenomena!  But  it  is  not  too  late  yet;  and  we  hope  that  that  gentleman,  on  his  return  from  the  glaciers  of  Mont  Blanc,  twill  adopt  our  hint.  We  shall  gladly  take  a  number  of  his  books  for  gratuitous  circulation  among  our  croaking  acquaintances.  No  sooner  had  the  projected  establishment  of  a  Daily  Paper  been  made  public,  than  a  huge  swarm  of  these  nonnaturals  infested  us  on  every  hand.  Never  was  mortal  so  ceaselessly  haunted,  or  eternally  dunned  with  black  forebodings  !  Manifesting  deep  concern  for  our  interests,  as  a  matter  of  course,  these  cautioned  us  as  to  the  danger  of  trying  such  an  experiment,  and  warned  us  of  the  consequences,  if  we  did.  Posi Positively  tively Positively  it  required  no  small  resolve  to  withstand  their  Don't  attempt  it  'Twill  never  Bah  !  Liverpool  can't  support  a  Daily  Paper  As  it  happened  we  were  neither  dispirited  nor  disheartened  by  the  predictions  of  such  Sir  but  determined,  at  all  hazards,  to  execute  our  purpose.  We  possessed  faith  suf sufficient  ficient sufficient  in  the  intelligence  of  the  people—confi people—confidence  dence people—confidence  sufficient  in  their  hearty  co-operation—and  knowledge  sufficient  of  the  want  that  existed,  to  justify  such  an  enterprize  ;  and,  consequently,  we  set  about  it  with  energy  and  with  spirit.  A  n  d  although  many  and  serious  difficulties  beset  us  in  the  commencement  of  our  career  —now,  happily,  all  overcome—we  are  amply  rewarded  for  our  labours,  and  cheered  into  further  exertion,  by  the  unexampled  success  which  has  crowned  our  enter enterprize,  prize, enterprize,  and  in  so  brief  a  period.  The  facilities  afforded  the  merchants  and  manu manufacturers  facturers manufacturers  of  the  North,  of  obtaining  early  informa information  tion information  on  important  matters,  have  doubtless  been  one  cause  of  the  success  of  our  paper.  Within  the  past  fortnight,  several  instances  of  this  nature  have  occured.  And  even  no  later  than  Friday,  we  gave  early  intelligence  of  the  arrival  of  the  Frank Franklin,  lin, Franklin,  at  Southampton,  at  9  o'clock  the  preceding  night,  as  well  as  the  first  account  of  the  fearful  Irish  railway  accident  ;  matters  which  our  contem contemporary  porary contemporary  of  Lord-street  considered  sufficiently  •  momentous  to  justify  the  issue  of  a  second  edition.  Such  facts  speak  plainly  enough  as  to  the  benefits  conferred  by  a  well-conducted  DAILY  Newspaper  ;  and  not  only  show  the  absolute  necessity  that  exists  for  such  an  organ,  but  powe9ftilly_  estab establish  lish establish  its  claims  upon  an  intelligent  mercantile  com comunity.  unity. comunity.  We  cannot  conclude  without  tendering  of"
