text
"POLICE  COURT.  -Y  ESTERDAY.  --ESTERDAY.  Patrick  Malone,  charged  with  embezzling  £8  15s.  6d.,  the  property  of  his  employer,  Mrs.  Jane  Percy,  of  Oliver Oliverstreet,  street, Oliverstreet,  was  again  brought  up,  having  been  remanded  the  previous  day,  but  was  discharged  with  a  caution,  the  clerk  at  the  steam  packet  company's  offices  not  being  able  to  say  whether  he  had  engaged  a  berth  by  one  of  the  packets  for  Ireland.  The  prosecutrix  recovered  £8  ss.  6d.  of  the  amount.  Mary  was  charged  with  stealing  some  tea,  the  property  of  Thomas  Mason,  grocer,  of  Whitechapel.  The  defendant  went  into  the  shop  for  some  trifling  articles,  when  she  was  observed  by  two  assistants  to  take  some  tea,  about  4  oz.,  from  a  small  bowl  standing  on  the  counter.  When  detected,  she  dropped  the  tea  on  the  floor.  Discharged  with  a  caution.  DESERTION  FROM  THE  NAVY.—A  gentlemanly  young  man  was  charged  with  deserting  from  The  Queen.  In  his  defence  he  alleged  that  he  had  joined  the  ship  at  Falmouth,  at  which  time  it  was  promised  him  that  he  should  have  a  month's  leave  of  absence.  It  appeared  that  there  was  some  mistake  as  the  ship  sailed  to  Portsmouth,  from  thence  to  Cork,  and  then  to  Plymouth.  Not  previously  having  had  leave,  he  took  the  advantage  of  going  ashore,  and  went  to  visit  his  friends.  He  came  to  Liverpool,  but  missed  the  packet,  when  he  found  his  ship  had  sailed.  It  was  not  his  wish  to  leave  the  service,  he  had  no  desire  to  do  so,  but  was  most  anxious  to  go  on  board.  He  left  the  court  with  the  Board  of  Admi Admiralty's  ralty's Admiralty's  officer.  ROBBING  AN  EMPLOYER.—Thomas  Woods  was  charged  with  stealing  some  cloth  and  other  articles  from  a  pawn pawnbroker,  broker, pawnbroker,  Renshaw-street.  It  appeared  that  police-officer  686  was  on  duty  when  he  saw  the  prisoner  with  a  bundle,  and  stopped  him.  He  stated  that  his  employer  had  sent  him  over  to  Ireland  to  commence  business.  'Upon  making  in inquiries  quiries inquiries  he  found  that  his  employer  did  not  know  that  he  had  left  the  house,  and  identified  some  of  the  articles  found  upon  him.  In  answer  to  the  magistrate,  the  complainant  said  he  had  no  objection  to  again  take  the  defendant  into  his  em employ,  ploy, employ,  provided  he  would  promise  not  to  offend  again.  Re  •  manded.  STEALING  MONEY.—John  Gorratty  was  charged  with  stealing  205.,  the  property  of  his  employer.  It  appeared  that  the  complainant,  Mr.  Edwards,  Renshaw-street,  en entrusted  trusted entrusted  the  prisoner  with  a  sovereign  to  get  changed  into  silver  on  the  4th  of  October  last,  but  he  never  returned.  The  prisoner's  defence  was  that  he  had  tried  all  over  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  to  get  change,  but  had  failed,  and  at  last  met  with  a  person  who  gave  him  only  17s.  6d.,  and  he  was  afraid  to  go  back  with  that  amount.  Remanded.  Two  lads  named  Gardner  and  Cullen  were  charged  with  stealing  some  rope  from  the  Brunswick  Dock.  The  property  was  found  upon  the  prisoners.  Cullen  one  month,  being  an  old  offender,  although  young  in  years.  Gardner  was  re remanded.  manded. remanded.  A  THEATRICAL  Frederick  Villiers  the  stage-manager  of  the  Royal  Amphitheatre,  appeared  to  answer  a  charge  preferred  against  him,  upon  which  he  had  been  admitted  out  on  bail,  by  Mrs.  Hurton,  the  wife  of  Mr.  Hurton,  printer,  Queen's-square.  Mr.  Rymer,  solicitor,  appeared  for  the  accused.  The  complainant  having  been  sworn,  Mr.  Wyberg,  the  magistrate's  clerk,  said,  Pray  have  you  any  charge  to  make  against  this  gentleman  (pointing  to  Mr.  Villiers)  ?  Hurton  :  Yes,  sir,  I  have.  On  Saturday  night  last,  about  eight  o'clock,  this  young  man  (a  person  who  escorted  ;le:  in  the  court),  who  has  just  commenced  business—l  should  say  that  he  is  my  husband's  brother—on  the  other  side  of  the  water,  came  into  the  lobby  of  my  house,  and  said  he  had  got  his  wife  with  him,  and  that  having  been  late  before  he  got  his  work  finished,  he  had  brought  it  with  hint.  I  told  him  it  was  wise  to  do  so.  He  asked  where  he  could  out  it,  that  it  might  not  be  stolen,  and  I  told  him  to  put  it  in  the  printing-office.  He  did  so,  and  placed  it  just  in  the  office  on  some  shelves.  While  the  young  man  was  smoking  his  pipe  he  heard  some  person  come  in,  and  as  their  clerk  had  been  out  collecting  money  she  thought  it  was  him;  as  he  did  not  speak  she  called  out,  William  is  that  but  received  no  answer.  She  went  down  stairs  as  quickly  as  possible,  and  again  called  out,  when  some  person  said,  but  I  said  I  did  not  think  it  was  all  right.  When  she  went  to  the  door  she  saw  a  man  there,  of  whom  she  asked  if  he  had  seen  any  person  go  into  the  lobby.  He  told  her  he  had  seen  a  gentleman  go  in.  She  asked  him  what  sort  of  a  man  he  was,  but  he  could  not  tell  her,  only  that  he  was  a  gentlemanly-looking  man,  and  he  thought  he  had  boxing  gloves  on.  Mr.  Wybergh  :  What  did  you  do  ?  Complainant  :  I  called  the  young  man  down  and  asked  him  how  much  cord  he  had  placed  in  the  office.  He  said  two  dozen,  and  upon  looking  they  found  some  of  it  was  gone.  I  went  to  the  door  and  asked  the  man  which  way  the  person  who  had  left  the  lobby  had  gone.  He  replied  he  went  round  the  corner.  I  did  not  see  the  person.  The  young  man  ran  in  that  direction,  and  went  to  the  policeman  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  square.  Mr.  Wybergh.:  Then  that  is  all  you  know  about  it  of  your  own  knowledge.  Complainant  :  Yes.  I  did  not  see  the  person.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  Rymer  :  My  husband  is  not  here.  The  only  reason  for  his  not  being  here  is  that  I  requested  him  not  to  come.  I  charge  Mr.  Villiers  with  taking  the  cord.  The  premises  belong  to  myself  and  my  husband.  I  suppose  they  belong  to  both  of  us.  My  husband  is  a  printer  and  carries  on  the  business.  Mr.  Rymer  :  Who  is  Mr.  Villiers  ?  Complainant  :  That  is  the  man,  (pointing  to  the  prisoner).  Mr.  Rymer  :  You  know  him,  do  you  not  ?  Complainant:  I  know  the  man,  but  I  know  nothing  of  him.-  Mr.  Rymer  :  I  ask  you  again,  what  is  Mr.  Villiers  ?  Complainant  :  I  have  no  objection  to  answer  any  question.  Mr.  Rymer  :  I  do  not  wish  to  put  the  question  in  an  un ungentlemanly  gentlemanly ungentlemanly  manner,  but  I  ask  you  do  you  not  know  that  Mr.  Villiers  is  stage  manager  at  the  Royal  Amphitheatre  ?  Complainant  :  I  swear  I  do  not  know  what  he  is—but  I  have  seen  his  name  in  the  play  bills.  Ido  not  know  whe whether  ther whether  my  husband  is  on  friendly  terms  with  Mr.  Villiers.  He  has  not  been  in  my  house;  but  even  if  he  had  been,  that  would  be  no  justification  to  his  coming  to  my  house  to  steal.  Mr.  Rymer  :  Pray  was  your  husband  not  printing  some  bills  for  Mr.  Villiers'  benefit.  Complainant  :  I  do  not  know  anything  about  that.  His  bills  would  have  been  in  the  hands  of  the  parties  before  that  hour,  as  his  benefit  was  on  the  Monday  night.  I  manage  the  business.  lam  obliged  to  do  so.  Ido  not  know  that  my  husband  and  Mr.  Villiers  are  on  very  intimate  terms.  I  will  swear  that  Ido  not  know  such  to  be  the  fact.  I  do  not  know  that  they  are  in  the  habit  of  meeting  together  at  the  house  of  Mr.  Porter,  close  by—how  should.  I  know  that  ?  Mr.  Rymer  :  Pray  when  did  you  find  out  that  the  string  was  gone  ?  Complainant  :  About  three  minutes  after.  The  young  man  went  for  a  police  officer.  The  policeman  is  not  here.  There  was  no  time  lost  in  giving  information,  but  there  was  an  attempt  made  last  night  to  intimidate  me  from  coming  here  to-day.  I  was  grossly  illtreated  at  the  bridewell.  I  first  found  out  where  the  string  was  on  Monday,  about  one  o'clock.  I  told  my  husband  on  the  Saturday  that  it  had  been  stolen.  The  young  man  went  to  the  police.  I  saw  Mis.  Porter  on  Sunday  last,  but  she  did  not  tell  me  the  string  was  at  her  house.  My  husband  did  not  tell  me  that  it  had  been  left  at  Mr.  Porter's  to  be  sent  back,  and  that  it  had  only  been  taken  as  a  until  Monday  ;  when  I  told  him  I  did  not  approve  of  such  larks  being  played  upon  me.  My  husband  told  me  that  an  apology  had  been  made  to  him,  but  I  considered  that  the  apology  ought  to  have  been  made  to  me.  I  never  had  any  disagreement  with  Mr.  Vil Villiers  liers Villiers  in  my  life.  I  have  no  vindictive  feeling  in  coming  here,  all  I  wish  is  to  have  my  house  my  castle  when  I  am  alone,  and  not  be  subject  to  such  treatment.  Mr.  Villiers  came  home  on  Saturday  night  with  my  husband;  who  had,  as  gentlemen  are  in  the  habit  of  doing,  taken  a  glass  too  much—when  he  talked  a  great  deal,  and  a  person  told  me  not  to  talk  with  him.  Mr.  Rymer  :  Did  not  Mr.  Villiers  once  come  to  your  house,  and  made  some  mistake  by  taking  you  for  a  servant,  and  were  you  not  annoyed  at  it  ?  Complainant  :  I  will  swear  before  all  the  judges  of  the  land  that  I  did  not  know  of  it.  I  have  no  ill  feeling  towards  him.  I  know  nothing  of  what  has  become  of  the  string.  The  string  was  made  for  Mr,  Alexander.  The  young  man  sent  for  the  string  that  was  in  my  house.  The  Magistrate  said  there  was  no  case  ;  and  addressing  Mr.  Villiers,  said  You  are  discharged,  but  do  not  play  these  tricks  again.  Mr.  Rymer  said  he  was  bound  to  state  that  there  was  no  intention  on  the  part  of  his  client.  The  string  was  merely  taken  in  a  lark,  which  he  would  admit  was  wrong,  merely  for  the  purpose  of  showing  the  complainant  that  their  doors  were  not  left  secure."
