text
",COUNTY  CO  URT.  v  E  STE  RDAY  The  court  sat  at  the  usual  hour  on  yesterday.  TATE  v.  CATO  AND  MlLLER.—William  Tate,  a  journey journeyman  man journeyman  shipbuilder,  sought  to  recover  17s.  6d.,  wages  from  Messrs.  Peter  Cato  and  James  Miller,  master  shipwrights.  -  From  the  evidence  given,  it  appeared  that  the  plaintiff  had  been  engaged  by  the  foreman  of  Messrs.  Cato  and  Miller  on  a  Monday  night,  to  go  and  work  on  Tuesday.  He  went  in  the  morning  and  worked  the  whole  day.  On  the  Wednesday  he  only  worked  half  a  day,  up  to  dinner  time,  after  which  he  went  to  attend  the  meeting  of  ship shipwrights,  wrights, shipwrights,  which  was  held  in  the  concert-hall.  On  Thursday  he  went  to  work,  and  at  breakfast  time  he  was  dismissed,  being  paid  only  a  quarter  of  a  days  wages.  He  claimed  to  be  paid  for  two  whole  days  and  a  half-day.  On  the  other  hand,  the.  defendants  contended  that  he  was  only  entitled  to  receive  wages  for  oue  day,  half  a  day,  and  a  quarter  of  a  day.  It  was  stated  on  the  part  of  the  defence,  in  answer  to  a  question  from  his  Honor,  that  if  a  man  chose  to  leave  off  work  after  a  quarter  of  a  day  or  half  a  day  to  go  to  a  meet meeting  ing meeting  or  for  any  other  purpose,  he  was  entitled  to  be  .  paid,  and  was  invariably  paid,  for  that  portion  of  the  day  during  which  be  bad  worked.  His  HONOR  said  it  appeared  to  him  that  the  case  was  quite  clear;  and  that  there  could  be  no  doubt  whatever  about  it  either  in  law  or  in  justice.  If  a  man  were  hired  for  the  day  and  by  the  day,  and  was  discharged  at  any  time  short  of  the  day,  he  was  entitled  to  receive  from  his  master  the  whole  of  the  day's  wages  if  he  was  ready  to  work  out  the  whole  of  the  time.  But  if  a  man  were  hired  with  a  power  upon  his  part  of  leaving  work  at  any  broken  part  of  the  day,.  the  same  power  must  extend  to  the  ,master,  in  the  absence  of  any  direct  provision  to  the  contrary.  If  the  party  employed  was  at  liberty  to  leave  his  employment  at  a  quarter-day,  half  day,  or  three-quarter-day,  and  .  get  paid  for  the  portion  during  which  he  had.  worked,  leaving  his  master  of  his  own  choice,  then  the  master  would  be  at  liberty,  in  the  same  way,  to  dismiss.the  workman,  pay paying  ing paying  him  for  such  time  as  he  had  worked.  There  was  no  distinction  whatever  between  the  right  of  the  master  and  the  right  of  the  workman  ;  and  he  would  wish  that  .the  men  should  see  clearly  that  there  was  one  law  and  one  rule,  both  in  law  and  in  justice,  to  be  applied  to  themselves  and  their  masters.  The  right  which  the  ra  m  had  the  master  had,  and  the  right  which  the  master  had  the  man  had.  His  Honor  therefore  gave  a  verdict  for  12s.  3d.,  being  the  wages  for  one  day,  half  a  day,  and  a  quarter-day  ;  and  ordered  that  the  plaintiff;  having  refused  to  accept  that  amount  when  tendered  to  him,  should  pay  his  own  costs.  WILLIAMS  v.  GRIFFITHS.  —This  was  an  action  brought  to  recover  51..  ss.  6d.,  the  balance  of  an  account  for  services,  as  a  mining  engineer.  The  plaintiff,  Mr.  Bell  Williams,  of  16,  Castle-street,  Liverpool,  claimed  to  recover  the  amount  from  Mr.  Richard  Griffiths,  of  Sealand,  near  Queen's  Ferry,  who  was  one  of  the  parties  engaged  in  a  project  for  working  a  lead  mine  near  liolywell  and  Flint.  The  plaintiff  was  em employed  ployed employed  to  report  upon  the  appearance  of  the  mine,  draw  up  prospectuses,  &amp;c.  Mr.  Him,  appeared  for  the  defence,  and  stated  that  the  charges  disputed  were  seven  guineas  a-day  'in  the  original  bill,  for  inspecting  the  mine,  four  guineas  for  drawing  up  a  prospectus,  and  four  charges  of  half  a  guinea  each,  for  at attendance.  tendance. attendance.  The  bill  amounted  to  over  301.,  of  which  plaintiff  sought  to  recover  the  balance.  Mr.  WILLIAMS  was  examined,  and  stated  that  his  charges  were  all  regular,  and  that  7  guineas  for  inspecting  and  re reporting  porting reporting  upon  a  mine  was  his  usual  charge,  and  not  an  exorbitant  one.  Mr.  Hum  said  he  had  never  heard,  nor  he  supposed  had  the  court  ever  heard  of  such  a  charge  as  seven  guineas  a  day  for  going  to  survey  a  mine.  His  HoNoit  have  known  fifteen  guineas  paid.  Mr.  IlimE  :  Yes  sir,  under  certain  circumstances  in  rail railway  way railway  times.  His  Hozron:  And  twenty-five  guineas  charged.  Mr.  HATE:  Yes,  and  I  have  known  a  bill  for  £l,BOO  furnished,  which  was  sent  to  London,  and  taxed  down  to  £2OO.  His  HONER  ;  You  asked  me,  Mr.  Hime,  if  I  had  ever  heard  of  such  a  charge,  and  I  have  to  tell  you  that  I  did.  Mr.  HimE;  Yes  sir,  but  that  was  in  railway  times,  when  men  got  five  guineas  for  doing  what  they  were  only  in  the  habit  of  charging  ss.  for.  Mr.  William  Ramsden  was  then  examined  by  Mr.  Hime,  and  deposed  that  he  was  surveyor  to  the  Marquis  of  West Westminster,  minster, Westminster,  Lord  Fielding,  Sir  Piers  Mostyn,  and  other  noble noblemen  men noblemen  and:  gentlemen.  lie  had  28  years  experience  in  mining,  and  was  well  acquainted  with  the  Welsh  mines,  was  one  of,  the  parties  who  went  to  Holywell  with  Mr.  Williams.  They  were  about  three  or  four  hours  enoaged  there.  Is  of  opinion  that  the  charges  made.  by  Mr.  Williams  are  too  high.  ,Seven  guineas  a  day,  is  more  than  the  usual  charge.  Witness  himself  charges  two  guineas  a  day  and  his  expenses.  Two  guineas  a  day  is  the  general  charge,  and  in  witness's  opinion  seven  guineas  is  an  exorbitant  charge.  Witness  never  charged  half-a-guinea  for  his  attendance,  when  par parties  ties parties  called  upon  him  in  reference  to  a  mine.  Is  of  opinion  that  £2O  for  the  work  done  ought  to  be  satisfactory  pay payment  ment payment  for  Mr.  Williams.  Witness  had  done  considerable  more  work  himself,  and  his  account  was  only  LlB  charging  two  guineas  'a  day.  Mr.  WILLIAMS  :  Mr.  Ramsden  lives  in  the  immediate  neighbourhood  of  the  mines,  and  he  has  only  to  go  out  four  or  five  miles  and  come  back  again,  which  is  quite  different  from  my  position.  His  HONOR  :  Can  you,  Mr.  Ramsden,  give  me  any  in instance  stance instance  of  a  surveyor  'from  Lancashire  or  Yorkshire  going  down  to  the  Welsh  mines  for  two  guineas  a  day?  Mr.  RASISDEN  said  he  knew  of  a  surveyor  coming  from  Devonshire  for  two  guineas  a  day  and  his  travelling  exl  penses._  _  _  Mr.  HINE  said,  of  course  that  rule  was  not  supposed  to  apply  to  such  engineers  as  Stephenson  or  Brunel.  His  HONOR  :  But  this  is  a  case  of  a  gentleman  taken  to  report  upon  the  appearance  of  a  mine,  in  reference  to  the  prospects  of  working  it.  That  is  the  highest  and  most  diffi.  cult  of  the  mining  engineer's  department,  or  as  difficult  as  most.  Mr.  WILLIAMS  said  he  had  refused  in  some  cases  to  go  out  of  his  house  for  seven  guineas.  His  HoNon:  What  do  you  say  to  these  charges  of  half  a  guinea  for  attending  ?  Suppose  the  mine  had  been  brought  out  eventually.  through  your  means,  would  you  charge  these  half-guineas;  these  small  charges  ?  Mr.  WILLIAMS  :  Either  those  charges,  or  else  commission  upon  the  sale  of  the  mine.  I  gave  them  my  time  and  experience,  and  advised  thein  as  to  the  mode  of  forming  the  company,  and  the  law  under  which  the  company  would  exist.  _  •  His  HONOR  :  I  confess  that  as  respects  the  charge  of  seven  guineas,  it  is  not  a  question  perhaps  which  I  am  competeit  to  deal  with,  but  it  is  impossible  to  say  from  the  rate  at  which  one  man  is  paid  how  another  ought  be  paid.  One  gentleman  of  the  bar  will  never  leave  his  chambers  under  ten  guineas  another  under  fifty,  and  I  know  other  counsel  who  will  n  ot  take  less  than  £lOO.  Others  again  may  think  themselves  perfectly  able,  and  be  very  glad  to  do  the  same  work  for  five  guineas.  So  it  is  with  all  trades.  Whatever  the  profession  may  be,  position,  reputation,  and  skill  bring  their  own  price  in  the  market,  and  you  can  no  more  judge  of  what  one  man  has  a  -  ight  to  be  paid  than  you  can  judge  of  the  capability  of  e.r,  gentleman  by  that  of  another.  I  I  have  known  very  much  higher  charges  than  seven  guineas  a  day,  and  very  much  lower  also.  I  do  not  think  I  can  intorfore  with  that.  m  ter.  With  regard  to  the  charge  for  attendince,  I  do  not  say  they  are  usual—ham  my  experience  I  think  they  are  not.  Mr.  111  ea  :  And  the  four  guineas  for  drawing  up  a  pros  . STYLE=superscript  -  pectus.__  His  Hoicon:  That  is  a  matter  with  which  I  shall  not  interfere.  The  skill  with  which  these  things  are  laid  beforo  the  rnblic  must  be  paid  for.  Tho  gentlemen  who  get  these  flaming  prospectuses  drawn  up  consider  it  a  great  point,  we  know,  to  have  them  well  done,  and  they  are  of  great  impor,-  tance  in  inducing  parties  to  take  shares.  I  shall  deduct  these  four  half-guineas  for  the  attendance,  and  allow  the  balance.  A  verdict  was  accordingly  given  for  3s.  6d.  LONDON  TO  AUSTRALIA.—The  tonnage  from  the  port  of  London  to  Australia  last  week  was  4878  tons  in  eight  ships  —five  to  Port  Philip,  two  to  Sydney,  and  one  to  Hobart  Town.  SUICIDE  IN  A  POLICE-OFFICE.—A  man,  named  James  llamilton  '  committed  suicide  in  Glasgow  police-office,  on  Monday  last.  He  had  suspended  himself  by  a  black  silk  handkerchief  from  the  padlock  of  the  window.  The  act  was  committed  during  the  night'so  quietly  that  a  party  in  the  same  lock-up  did  not  hear  him.  THE  CYCLOIDAL  DREDGE.  —A  modified  form  of  the  cz czcloidal  cloidal czcloidal  digging  machine  has  been  made  applicable  to  the  purpose  of  deepening  rivers  or  river-bars  where  deposits  have  become  an  obstruction  to  the  navigation.  The  ma machine  chine machine  is  a  cylinder  composed  of  any  required  number  qf  wheels  revolving  on  an  axle,  each  wheel  being  provided  with  a  number  of  prongs  fixed  at  equal  distances  round  the  rim,  and  each  prong.  (capable  of  being  detached  at  pleasure),  curved  to  correspond  with  the  segment  of  the  geometrical  figure  called  the  cycloid.  The  method  °fusing  the  machine  is  to  attach  it  to  a  steamboat  by  chains  or  lines,  and  to  draw  it  over  the  obstruction  which  it  is  required  to  removc.  The  prongs  sinking  perpendicularly  in  front  and  rising  be behind  hind behind  at  right  angles  to  the  line  of  descent,  will  lift  the  (If  posit  to  a  higher  level  and  more  rapid  current,  for  it  is  a  well  known  fact  that  the  velocity  of  a  stream  is  greatest  at  the  surface,  and  decreases  at  the  bottom  at  a  ratio  in  pro proportion  portion proportion  to  its  depth.  In  tidal  rivers,  or  those  against  which  periodical  winds  blow,  the  meeting  of  the  waters  occasions  at  such  places  a  temporary  stillness,  during  which  mucli  mud  is  deposited;  salt  water  also  mixing  with  the  fresh,  causes  a  still  more  rapid'  deposit.  The  proper  time  in  nearly  all  cases  to  use  the  machine  will  be  when  the  tide  is  falling  or  the  current  bearing  outward.—N.•  B.  Alvil.  Th©  cholera  still  lingers  at  Anibroath,  CHARGE  OF  SHEEP  STEALING.—  WiIIiam  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Blake-street,  was  stealing  four  sheep,  the  property  of  Mr.  Johns°  ll STYLE=superscript  butcher,  Prescot-street.  The  complainant  had,  afternoon,  about  four  o'clock,  15  sheep  put  in  a  top  of  Hall-lane.  About  seven  o'clock  he,  other  persons,  from  information  he  had  r  , STYLE=superscript  the  field,  where  he  found  a  shandry,  and  four  of  knocked  on  the  head,  quite  dead.  One  of  the  stated  he  saw  ,a  person  like  the  prisoner,  in  the  A  could  not  swear  to  him.  The  shandry  in  the  fie'&#34;  to  the  accused.  Mr.  Hughes,  on  behalf  of  the  accused,  called  who  proved  that  he  was  at  home  all  the  evening,  the,  shandry  was  taken'  from  his  door  by  a  Pa  s STYLE=superscript  '  Morton,'who  had  been  out  with  the  shandry  that  The  prisoner  was  discharged  upon  his  promising  at  any  future  time,  if  required.  ls  s STYLE=superscript  SHIP  DESERTION.—Thonias  Carruthers,  gc  3ll STYLE=superscript  charged  with  having  deserted  his  ship  at  Sunderlf  admitted  the  fact  of  having  'left  the  vessel,  but'  he  feared  his  life  was  in  danger,  in  consequence  of  which  arose  between  him  and  some  other  men  there  . STYLE=superscript  o  The  Captain  expressed  his  belief  that  there  wa  s STYLE=superscript  dation  for  such  a  fear.  Th  e  man  was  sentenced  to  be  imprisoned  for  fa  llr STYLE=superscript  and  kept  to  hard  labour.  A  ,  THE  LATE  PRIZE  FIGHT  NEAR  lavErtpoo-•  0  0  4  named  Joseph  Clarke,  generally  known  by  tht0  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  1. STYLE=superscript  5  was  placed  in  the  dock,  dered  himself  to  take  his  trial  at  the  assizes,  asl  one  of  the  seconds  in  the  prize  fight,  which  t  e° STYLE=superscript  joYel  i STYLE=superscript  the  12th  of  November,  near  Liverpool;  betwee  n STYLE=superscript  tot,  and  Gill,  which  ended  in  the  d  ea  th  o  f  th  e  l  a  tter.  ro  ect  i STYLE=superscript  ,  3o  Mr.  Walters,  who  app  eare  d  as  p  u  blic  ly  r  .t  is  briefly  mentioned  the  fact  of  the  fight  having  7.pe  l. STYLE=superscript  and  the  death  of  Gill  shortly  after  in  1;  1 STYLE=superscript  ,c1  e  f STYLE=superscript  ,  r  - STYLE=superscript  hoso  inquest  was  held  un  the  body,  and  a  ve  n  er  s, STYLE=superscript  a  ping  slaughter  returned  against  Donnelly  and  names  were  then  unknown  to  the  jurors.,  r  6c,e  2 STYLE=superscript  Th  e  d  the  prisoner  came  into  his  (Mr.  Walter's)  ap  rendered  himself  as  one  of  the  second  9.  this  trial  the  bench  to  send  tho  prisoner  4  , STYLE=superscript  11  7  in  assizes,  along  with  Donnelly',  w STYLE=superscript  goal.  John  Patrick,  ° STYLE=superscript  was  a  .detective  officer,  deposed  prisoner  came  into  the  police-office  about  nt  vo  the  morning,..seePhie  heard  they  were  looking`  I  l  e  and  wished  to  surrender  himself.  He  stated  tba  0  been  a  second  to  Donnelly,  and  added  that  Gill  T  is  received  some  injuries  subsequently  to  the  fig  ll,4 STYLE=superscript  him  eat  and  drink  after  it.  Tile  Court  asked  if  the  prisoner  wished  to  thing  ?  Prisoner:  I  have  only  got  this  to  say—  0  51  $11 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Campbell,  solicitor  :  I  advise  you  not  t°  0!  thing.  to  Mr.  Walters  said  the  prisoner  appeared  to,  pre  y STYLE=superscript  something,  arid  it  was  an  unusual  proceeding  him.  s  ecos  e  Prisoner  :  I  have  only  got  this  to  say,  that  I  va  s STYLE=superscript  e  l STYLE=superscript  t  O  Donnelly,  and  it  was  a  very  fair  stand-up  fight.  ,  m  a  of  for  Donnelly  as  a  loser,  -three  times  before  the  41  f  fight.  .  The  depositions  were  then  taken,  and  the STYLE=superscript  a  ordered  to  be  admitted  to  bail,  himself  in  £  5O STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  sureties  in  £25  each,  to  take  his  trial  at,  the  assize  s  '  1  tl  ,1,  is  MA_NCHE  STER.  e  asf  n  1  1 STYLE=superscript  )11  STEALTH°  A  MECHANIC'S  TOOLS.—At  the  city  r  C STYLE=superscript  :  Manchester,  a  boy  about  14  years  of  age,  char:roll:1  t  yr  e  ing,  on  Saturday,  stolen  some  mechanics'  tools  fro  0  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  raises  of  Mr.  Sykes,  machine-maker,  Hulme.  the  boy  is  Samuel  Johnson;  and  it  appeared  from.  f  ox  made  by  the  magistrates  of  the  boy's  father,  that  l  i STYLE=superscript  e  o  f  of  weak  intellect,  and  had  frequently  been  the  ca  us STYLE=superscript  his  o  ble  to  him.  He  had  done  all  he  possibly  could  for  be  idp  but  the  medical  men  had  given  him  no  hope  of  stored  to  full  possession  of  his  senses  for  some  'tirn  4 STYLE=superscript  would  some  time  since  have  sent  him  to  the  asylur  e STYLE=superscript  0  ,  3  wick,  but  found  the  expense  greater  than  his  cit  .° STYLE=superscript  pt`  would  afford.  e  The  magistrates  felt  it  their  duty  to  commit  the  P  ie  ry STYLE=superscript  ro;  to  the  sessions,  but  told  the  father,  who  seems  a  r  es STYLE=superscript  'af  man,  residing  in  York-street,  Hulme,  th  a  t  prope  r STYLE=superscript  t  i  and  other  charge  would  be  kept  over  him.  m  ocVei  DESERTION  OF  A  WIFE  AND  CHILD.—At  the  city  police-court,  yesterday,  a  packing-case  nia  s-e STYLE=superscript  iliiy  Joseph  Pritchard,  was  charged  with  having  desert  and  children,  and  left  them  chargeable  to  the  par  ls STYLE=superscript  ,  c  ciAol  family  of  the  prisoner,  it  appeared,  had  been  seven  ti/  the  workhouse,  during  which  time  he  had  not  bee  .0  them.  ob  i STYLE=superscript  Pritchard  said  he  had  been  out  of  work,  and  tba  t STYLE=superscript  it STYLE=superscript  wife's  fault  he  did  not  live  with  her  •  1° STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Maude  told  the  absconding  . STYLE=superscript  husband  that  it STYLE=superscript  I  own  fault  if  he  was  not  in  employment.  t  t  he STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Brounsmith,  of  the  workhouse,  stated  tb.,  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  lr  ee.„ipl  fendant  had  twice  before  deserted  his  wife  and  VI  The  wife  stated  that  her  guilty  husband  had  be  e STYLE=superscript  n STYLE=superscript  another  woman.  To  be  imprisoned  and  kept  to  hard  labour  for  2  1 STYLE=superscript  00  tel°  1  0 STYLE=superscript  '  Finn  IN  MANCHESTER.—ShortIy  before  nine  .  d  c STYLE=superscript  '  e  ocl  Sunday  night,  Mr.  Platt,  landlord  of  the  Bull's  P•  re  eVbsi:  was  walking;  down  Corporation-street,  when  he  P  c STYLE=superscript  ,  a  goo,  strong  smell  of  fire.  He  looked  round,  and  sai  o  ri,  „ico  mering  light  in  a  warehouse  fronting  Hodson  - STYLE=superscript  s  c STYLE=superscript  l  oc  eNt  , STYLE=superscript  the  back  of  which  comes  into  Corporation-stree  t STYLE=superscript  '  try  by  -Messrs.  Render  and  Milner,  commission  a..fi  c STYLE=superscript  o  r  el  ll STYLE=superscript  o4  Platt  at  once  sent  one  of  his  domestics  with  tu.  o  ,  toe  information  to  the  Town-hall  officer,  and  infortna  PS  been  conveyed  to  Mr.  Rose,  superintendent  of  t,.  .  ail  to  brigade,  of  what  had  occurred,  they  turned  et_L  o  ,lict;  arriving  at  the  spot,  found  that  the  flames  were  e  revi  eli  ci  ot  the  first  floor.  Instantly  after  the  arrival  of  the  %boo  ite  jet  was  attached  to  a  high-pressure  main,  and  a  l STYLE=superscript  ,  l STYLE=superscript  OO  tb..  e STYLE=superscript  supply  of  water  was  procured,  which  was'directen...ed  vix  with  the  greatest  effect,  the  great  point  to  be  gal  t  u  ct  .  to  o  the  extinction  of  the  fire  without  injury  by  wo3ceinellf  id  goods  on  the  premises.  So  rapid  were  the  in  yIV  the  brigade,  that  within  about  twenty  minahorn  1114  discovery  all  danger  from  the  fire  was  over,  and  s STYLE=superscript  f  e STYLE=superscript  ,  wards  was  completely  extinguished.  The  origin  hint  is  unknown.  The  damage  is  estimated  at  se  ve STYLE=superscript  raoc  e  of  ounds  but  that  is  amply  covered  by  insp.  Tr  .  c  loy'  Alliance-office.  The  damage  done  to  the  b  Lula'  o  p?  exceed  10/.  rt  o  f  Loop?  PORT  OF  LONDON.—The  arrivals  to  th  e STYLE=superscript  po  The_side,  last  week  were  248  ships,  but  of  large  tonnage  ery  c  0  ,  5,  vals  of  fruit  for  the  Christmas,  sales  was  .knish  uY  rable,  but  the  importations  of  grain  q  uarto  ere  0045  total  quantity  reported  being  28,030  have  12,074  quarters  of  wheat.  In  addition,  t  80  bag  s STYLE=superscript  ,ks!  ;61  4  8  barrels  and  '2,016  bags  of  flour  ;  and  3 STYLE=superscript  779  C3 STYLE=superscript  ',161'10  Of  sugar  there  were  reorted  3,240  bha,.s  f_  sks  aII  din  cases,  and  41,357  bags;  of  coffee,  1,32  0 STYLE=superscript  _'i  1.2  bald STYLE=superscript  t  o  ,  a  rters  , STYLE=superscript  IP- STYLE=superscript  iM  c  e,  bags  ;  ballas  t, STYLE=superscript  Ol  e STYLE=superscript  'to  being  andegtx  in  -  the  previous  week.  Of  these  23  werc  , STYLE=superscript  numberoutwardsofoftevae,s4sell,39Bo6leparaelages;  and  l  o  v  f  as  hcf  3  s  B,  ,bither  b  as  above  stated,  for  the  Australian  colonies,  ro  s  ue STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  e  r STYLE=superscript  ports  during  the  week  have  not  been  larg  e' STYLE=superscript  call  for  particular  notice.  y  Pr  o  in  x  te  fo  d  rd  an  -s  d  tr  P  ee  u  t  b  ,  lis  a  h  t  Published  Establishment,  19,  South  John-street,  ,tion  7 STYLE=superscript  '  WEDNESDAY,  DECEMBE  R STYLE=superscript  y STYLE=superscript  G  Z  I STYLE=superscript  T  L STYLE=superscript  A  S STYLE=superscript  n  tli STYLE=superscript  ,  L STYLE=superscript  _  Lj STYLE=superscript  e  o  Vs.  P4_TB00079 t  \  °,  Jones,  Falmouth  .  174,  M'Bride,  J  W  Fairclough,  t STYLE=superscript  itth  RING'S.  '  4o STYLE=superscript  b  oo, STYLE=superscript  O STYLE=superscript  'Donough,  Inverness  Inverness  ,  C STYLE=superscript  ampbell  Londo  n  144.1  °'  4/naL  '23hnst  D  Jo  evon  ' STYLE=superscript  on,  Limerick  P5_TB00003 lea''  %ilt  THE  MONTH-  ,  HIGH  'WATER.  illorn.  Even.  Ht.  h  it STYLE=superscript  Y STYLE=superscript  ....Decc  3  59..  4  32..13  10  '•  •  Lrec  8..  5  7  545  13  2  Dc STYLE=superscript  c  9..  6  20..  6  51..11  I  0  •  •  Dec  10..  7  23..  7  55..12  2  •••  Dee  11..  8  24.  .  8  50..13  0  y  ''  ....  D  ec  12..  9  13  ..  9  34..13  9  a.  '  13 STYLE=superscript  .  •  9  52..10  14..14  7  b  e  ,  .....  Dec  Dec  1  1  5  4  :  :  1  10  14  32..101  4.  247 STYLE=superscript  .  . STYLE=superscript  3  1 STYLE=superscript  55  6  .. STYLE=superscript  :::•  •  ••tec  16..11  40..11  56..15  9  •  ••  D:  0  32..0  1  2. STYLE=superscript  .15  9  5 STYLE=superscript  11 STYLE=superscript  •  .....  D STYLE=superscript  ecl9..  1 STYLE=superscript  8..  1  26  . STYLE=superscript  ..15  5  ,•  •.  D  ec STYLE=superscript  20..  1  46..  2  6..14  11  ••  Dec  21..  2  27..  2  47..14  5  61  ...  ..  ..  .......  22..  3  11..  3  34..13  10  dr,  4  59..  .  33..13  04  .....  De  c  2  5  ..  6  8..  6  39..  12  6  .....  Dec  26  .  7  11..  7  44..13  2  1 STYLE=superscript  14  6 STYLE=superscript  ....  9  8 STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  3  3 STYLE=superscript  9::  48 STYLE=superscript  •  Dec  29  .10  8..10  34..16  10  ..'•••  •  .  Dec  30.  .11  0..11  28..18  3'  10  Dec  31..  11  52..  --..18  11  kIA.L  SHIP  NEWS.  ‘  4l STYLE=superscript  -3TERPOOL.  Dec.  6.  No  communication  for  fog.  \ STYLE=superscript  \&lt;  „,....  lLiierpool—S.S.E.,  light.  Arrived.  11%.  k  j STYLE=superscript  Quebec  the  River  Inward  Bound.  tee_  .ang,  Boston  liZirse,  7g,  Williams,  Sleight  &amp;  G  e  7l  o STYLE=superscript  ort  'rude,  53,  Jones,  J  R  Owen,  086  Long,  A  Johns,  Cardiff  -878 STYLE=superscript  e,  Knowles,  St.  John's,  N.B  11  A  -. STYLE=superscript  art/31'ED  IN  DOCK.  111:\BIRKENHEAD.  1  Zellien,  D  E  Gauwin.  Ostend  4  11 STYLE=superscript  4  1USKISSON.  '  '  l6l STYLE=superscript  ,  Hunter,  Newport  lit  STANLEY.  44  f  l  I  t,  '  G  riffiths,  Runcorn  _  I STYLE=superscript  VATERLOO.  Ig  ,  5  9 STYLE=superscript  9  .  Jones.  Newport  / STYLE=superscript  /9  - STYLE=superscript  1.,'  14 STYLE=superscript  a4es  Fo  . STYLE=superscript  wey  )gartzho'rn,  put  back  •  A  4,  GEORGE'S.  14,40180  n,  Ironside  &amp;  Co,  Sines  W STYLE=superscript  'hallo,  Larache  IS4  C STYLE=superscript  ANNING  DOCK.  I  S  ;  63 STYLE=superscript  .  Higins  Carron  &amp;  Co,  Leith  i  4  462 STYLE=superscript  ,  Eas  g STYLE=superscript  aale;  J  Faixclough,  11416193.  M  c STYLE=superscript  Laren,  McArthur  &amp;  Co,"
