text
"ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  PABLO  FAN  QUE  'S  COMPANY  I—GRAND  MORNING  PERFORMANCE  1—  EVENING  (Wednesday),  December  21st.  Doors  open  at  One,  Commence  at  Two.  ELLA  and  LEON  will  appear.  Enthusiastic  reception  and  rapturous  applause  greets  each  appearance  of  STOKE'S  AMERICAN  WONDERS  ELLA  and  LEON,  who  will  appear  for  Four  Nights  more,  vox:—Tuts  EVENING  (Wednesday),  Thursday,  Friday,  and  Saturday,  Dec.  21st,  22d,  23d,  24th.  In  the  Evening  the  Doors  open  at  a  quarter  to  Seven,  and  Performances  commence  at  half-past  Seven.  Prices  of  Admission  :  Dress  Circle,  3s.  ;  Side  Boxes,  2s,  6d.  ;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Stalls,  Is.  6d.;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  25.;  Sid•  Boxes,  Is.  6  ;  Pit,  Is.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls..  Second  Price,  to  Boxes  and  Pit,  at  nine  o'clock.  ROYAL  ADELPHI  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington.  Tuts  Eva:vino  (Wednesday)  for  the  BENEFIT  OF  MRS.  ADA  DYAS,  the  popular  Drama  of  TImE  TRIES  ALL;  Third  Act  of  HAMLET;  HILL  AND  DYAS  AT  HALF HALFPAST  PAST HALFPAST  TWO  IN  THE  MORNING;  and  FAITH  HOPE,  AND  CHARITY  .—ln  preparation,  the  Magnificent  New  Serio-Comic  PANTOMIME,  which  will  be  produced  during  the  Christmas  Holidays,  with  Gorgeous  New  Scenery  by  Messrs.  Mathews  and  Ramsden,  Machinery  by  Mr.  Atkins,  and  Appointments  by  Mr.  Gibbs,  entitled  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS  ;  or,  lIARLEQUIN  AND  SINBAD  THE  SAILOR,  AND  THR  FAIRY  tn  , STYLE=superscript  CORAL.  GROT.  Sinbad,  the  sailor,  Miss  Carre,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Haymarket.  Harlequin,  Mr.  C.  Brown.  Pantaloon,  Mr.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesaie.  Sprite,  Signor  Sylvaui.—Centre  Boxes,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  ls.;  Pit  tid.;  Gal Gallery,  lery, Gallery,  3d.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament-Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  Extraordinary  Christmas  Attraction.—On  MONDAY  NEXT,  the  28th  instant,  will  be  produced  a  New  Magniloquently  Grand,  Comical,  Local,  Operatical,  Cabalistical.  and  Anachronismatical  CHRISTMAS  PANTOMIME,  entitled.ORMSHEADTna  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  &amp;  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON.  Written  expressly  for  this  theathre  by  the  author  of  Ye  Siege  of  &amp;c..  with  new  and  beauti beautiful  ful beautiful  scenery,  by  Mr.  John  Wright.  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre,  Mr.  Liver,  and  assistants;  properties  by  Mr.  Jackson;  dresses  by  Mr.  West  and  assistants;  and  the  whole  produced  under  the  immediate  superintendence  of  the  Lessee,  Mr.  R.  Edgar.  Snowdrop,  the  Fair  Plower  of  Snowdon,  with  a  few  airs  nhich  the  author  has  thrust  upon  her,  Miss  Marriott;  Lushisne,  a  doubtful  specimen  of  a  Fairy,  afterwards  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby;  Davydd  Jones,  an  ancient  Briton,  Mr.  Wilmore,  afterwards  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane;  Edward  Morgan,  with  a  terrific  com 'combat,'  Mr.  S.  Lennox,  afterwards  Harlequin,  Signor  Guarrino,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre;  Jenny  Jones,  the  Flower  of  North  Wales,  Mrs.  J.  Appleby,  afterwards  Columbine,  Mad'lle  Rose,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Edinburgh  ;  Sprite,  Signor  Vilderini,  the  wonderful  contortionist  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane.  The  remainder  of  the  characters  by  the  entire  Dramatic  and  Pantomimic  artistes  attached  to  the  establishment.  forming  the  most  complete  and  powerful  cast  ever  submitted  to  a  Liverpoot  public.  The  Pantomime  will  he  preceded  by  a  grave  E.  hode,  lin  which  the  shades  of  Joe  Miller  and  the  Author  will  have  very  lively  representa representatives.  tives. representatives.  Doors  open  at  half  past  six,  to  commence  at  seven  o'clock  pre precisely.  cisely. precisely.  Prices  of  admission.—Dress  Boxes,  Ss.;  Front  Boxes,  25.  Pit,  15.;  Gallery,  tld.  Half-price  to  tie  Boxes  at  Eine  o'clock.  Books  of  the  Pantomime  may  be  obtained  at  the  Theatre.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  THIS  DAY—Morning,  2h.  27m  ....  Afternoon,  2h.  47m.  WEDNESDAY,  DECEMBER  22,  1853.  THE  Russian  invader  progresses  with  fearful  strides.  One  work  of  carnage  is  scarcely  recorded  before  another  and  another  tale  of  butchery  is  told.  The  accounts  received  from  Kalafat  add  legions  of  slain  to  the  slaughter  of  Sinope.  Nothing  short  of  base  treachery  could  accomplish  such  works  of  death.  Fools  and  knaves  execute  a  stratagem  with  the  same  effect.  The  fool  or  knave  who  suffered  a  convoy  composed  chiefly  of  trans transports  ports transports  to  pass  unguarded  close  under  the  guns  of  the  enemy's  fleet,  should  be  publicly  tried  and  punished  for  his  foolery  or  knavery  whichever  it  may  be.  But  there  is  treachery  surrounding  the  unhappy  Turkish  people  both  in  this  and  their  own  desolate  country.  Previous  to  the  destruction  of  the  Turks  at  Sinope,  no  one  ever  heard  of  a  Russian  fleet  in  the  Black  Sea  of  such  magnitude  as  that  which  launched,  as  if  by  magic,  upon  the  poor  Turks:::.  How  came  such  an  armament  in  the  Black  Sea,  is  a  question  that  must  be  an answered.  swered. answered.  'What  was  the  coxcomb  Admiral  SLADE  about,  to  allow  his  enemy  such  a  license  as  to  enable  him  to  have  such  a  flotilla  moving  about  at  pleasure,  and  without  the  remotest  prospect  of  o,Mole;tltikon?  As  for  the  conduct  of  Admiral  :14blii  . STYLE=superscript  in  this  appalling  affair,  all  England  must  blush  with  shame.  The  martial  dove  of•the  ABER ABERDEEN  DEEN ABERDEEN  school  was  showing  the  olive  branch  where  peace  and  safety  reigned(!)  He  had  never  heard  of  a  Russian  flotilla  in  the  Black  Sea,  and  if  he  had,  it  may  account  in  some  measure  for  his  remaining  in  the  Bosphorus.  The  French  Admiral  stands  before  the  world  in  the  Turkish  seas  as  the  representative  of  a  warlike  nation  and  a  warrior  dynasty,  and  whatever  his  derelictions  of  duty  may  be,  they  will  be  discovered,  and  although  he  may  escape  the  penalties  of  the  French  articles  of  war,  his  standing  as  a  French Frenchman  man Frenchman  and  a  sailor  is  for  ever-gone.  If  he  knew  of  the  existence  of  such  a  force  in  the  Black  Sea  as  the  Russians  sent  to  the  battle  of  Sinope,  he  was  bound  to  report  it  to  his  Government  ;  and  if  he  did  not  know  it,  the  common  sense  of  his  country countrymen  men countrymen  will  soon  require  to  know  how  it  was  that  he  was  ignorant  of  the  fact,  and  if  he  did  know  it,  how  it  was  that  there  was  not  one  French  ship  of  war  sent  to  watch  the  movements  of  so  formidable  a  force.  The  French  press  may  be  muzzled  on  this  business—the  telegraphs  may  be  bought  over  —the  honour  of  the  French  nation  may  be  tar tarnished,  nished, tarnished,  but  still  there  are  men  in  France  who  will  brave  the  gibbet  to  exonerate  the  French  nation,  and  to  throw  the  guilt  of  such  gross  culpability  on  the  right  shoulders.  As  for  our  fleet,  they  are  as  independent  of  public  opinion  as  the  Russian  AUTOCRAT.  It  obeyed  the  orders  of  a  political  chief.  The  politician  was  informed  of  the  exact  position  of  the  Russian  forces  in  the  Black  Sea,  and  if  he  choose  to  leave  them  to  do  as  they  pleased,  we  are  not  responsible  for  will,  in  all  probability,  be  the  reply  of  the  British  of  the  Bosphorus.  But  this  will  not  be  enough.  Admiral  DUNDAS  either  knew,  or  he  did  not  know,  of  the  existence  of  Russian  flotilla's  in  the  Black  Sea,  and  it  was  his  duty  to  have  kept  a  watch  on  its  movements.  If  he  had  positive  orders  not  to  do  so,  then,  indeed,  we  know  what  the  verdict  of  the  world  will  be,  and  on  whose  shoulders  the  terrible  responsibility  rests.  That  such  a  direful  event  should  have  caused  the  dis dismemberment  memberment dismemberment  of  our  Cabinet  is  not  a  matter  of  surprise—but  if  it  ends  with  the  mere  retirement  of  Lord  PALMERSTON  from  Her  Majesty's  Govern  ment,  we  shall  not  be  a  little  amazed.  There  is  yet,  we  believe  and  trust,  some  one  Eng Englishman  lishman Englishman  in  the  House  of  Commons  who  is  capable  of  giving  expression  to  the  national  voice  of  his  country  on  this  most  tragical  war,  and  the  means  by  which  Russia  has  been  enabled  to  carry  forward  her  aggressions  on  the  Turkish  territory.  if  England  had  no  material  interests  at  stake  in  the  question  of  the  SULTAN'S  independence,  surely  as  a  land  boasting  of  the  Christian  religion,  and  filled  with  temples  devotedto  the  inculcation  cf  the  bless blessings  ings blessings  of  obedience  to  the  Divine  law,  and  the  mer mercies  cies mercies  shown  by  the  Creator  to  allmen,  we  ought,  to  be  consistent  with  ourselves,  and  rise  and  denounce  the  monster  who  sends  forth  thousands  of  armed  demons  to  plunder  and  murder  a  people  who  have  offered  no  justification,  even  if  justification  were  possible.  Praying  and  preaching  are  only  talk  when  they  fail  to  accomplish  great  ends,  and  to  en  force  moral  obligations.  Spendingmillions  upon  churches  whose  ministers  shrink  from  the  duty  of  telling  those  in  their  guilt,  is  nothing  more  than  squandering  so  much  treasure  upon  hypocrisy,  which  it  would  be  better  to  throw  into  the  sea.  If  the  clergy  of  Europe  had  done  their  duty,  the  CZAR  of  Russia  would  not  be  able  to-day  to  find  500,000  men  ready  to  cut  throats  at  his  command.  In  trying  to  coun counteract  teract counteract  the  power  of  such  horrible  monsters,  it  is  not  to  the  profligate  and  abandoned  classes  of  human  profess  to  make  morality  their  study,  and  religion  their  vocation.  It  is  on  those  that  humanity  has  a  claim.  From  our  pulpits  and  sanctuaries  the  nation  ought  to  be  roused  against  battle,  murder,  and  sudden  •Every  church  pro professing  fessing professing  the  Christian  religion,  ought  to  be  able  to  produce  a  Samuel,  but  where  shall  we  find  one  to-day  ?  Where  shall  we  turn  to  look  for  one  who  would  venture  to  face  the  CZAR  and  denounce  him  as  a  murderer  to  his  teeth  ?  Half  the  world  are  boast boasting  ing boasting  of  the  courage  of  missionaries  who  penetrate  into  the  wildest  parts  of  the  globe  to  spread  the  Gospel  before  savage  nations,  but  throughout  the  whole  of  Europe  we  have  not  heard  one  word  from  the  Churches  about  Russia's  violation  of  the  laws  of  GOD.  Oh  !  no,  leave  that  to  the  civil  governors  of  the  is  the  saintly  reply  when  the  cause  of  mercy  is  urged.  Lord  ABERDEEN  is  a  good  man.  He  will  not  abandon  the  Turks  you  may  be  is  the  next  cool  assurance  we  receive  at  the  _very  moment  thousands  are  being  slaughtered.  Here,  then,  when  we  can  find  nothing  in  the  shape  of  succour  for  humanity  out  of  Churchisms  or  Stateisms,  what  is  to  be  done.  A  broken  Ministry  may  be  cobbled  up,  but  it  will  crack—leak—break—and  very  shortly  stand  without  a  soul.  The  people  of  England  stand  aghast,  appalled,  and  silent,  while  the  popu popular  lar popular  mountebanks,  who  generally  rush  on  the  stage  when  such  opportunities  present  themselves,  appear  to  have  departed  this  life  and  left  the  stage  free  for  despotism  to  carry  on  its  work  of  death.  Under  these  circumstances,  it  would  be  almost  absurd  to  hold  out  any  hope  of  the  Turks  escaping  extermination  at  our  hands.  Lord  ABERDEEN  may  say  what  he  pleases  ;  but  the  eyes  of  the  whole  civilised  world  are  upon  England  in  this  Turco-  Russian  question,  and  a  few  more  Turkish  disas disasasters  asters disasasters  may  prove  too  much  for  all  his  great  powers  of  restraint,  and  the  cause  of  humanity  may  find  succour  in  lands  where  the  Travelled  Thane  of  has  never  stood.  THE  observations  which  we  recently  offered  on  the  subject  of  Female  Prostitution  have  fortu fortunately  nately fortunately  awakened  interest  in  some  quarters  on  a  question  of  such  amazing  imi:ortance.  We  again  bring  this  topic  prominently  before  our  readers,  with  the  hope  that  vigorous  and  combined  efforts  might  be  made  both  to  reclaim  the  unhappy  wan wanderers  derers wanderers  from  the  path  of  virtue,  and  to  prevent  the  alarming  progress  of  so  frightful  an  evil  as  prosti  tution.  If  there  be  one  class  of  society  more  deserving  than  another  of  human  sympathy  and  uniform  kindness,  it  is  that  to  which  fallen  women  belong.  But  what  is  the  fact?  Are  not  the  unfortunate  victims  of  man's  perfidy  visited  with  the  most  signal  chastisements  ?  Like  the  plague-stricken  in  olden  times,  they  are  virtually  banished  from  out  the  pale  of  civilised  life,  whilst  there  exists  no  City  of  Refuge  to  receive  them.  Society  has  been  a  swift  and  terrible  NEMESIS  in  avenging  on  the  compara comparatively  tively comparatively  innocent  that  retribution  merited  by  itself.  Having  created  both  the  vice  and  the  victim,  it  re remorselessly  morselessly remorselessly  and  hypocritically  condemns  the  one  and  punishes  the  other—forgetful  of  its  own  crimi criminality.  nality. criminality.  The  general  practice,  has  been  that  when  once  a  woman  lost  her  virtue,  no  matter  under  what  circumstances,  she  was  invariably  placed  under  a  ban  for  life.  No  extenuation  was  allowed  for  her  guilt,  and  wherever  she  wandered  the  pe penalty  nalty penalty  of  her  sin  haunted  her  like  a  ghost  !  Many  now  see  the  injustice  and  cruelty  of  such  conduct,  and  are'  endeavoring  to  plead  the  cause  of  these  forlorn  and  miserable  creatures.  And  for  ourselves  we  see  no  reason  why  many  who  now  walk  about  our  streets  may  notbe  made  good  and  virtuous  citizens  We  are  convinced  that  in  the  majority  of  instances,  women  resort  to  a  vicious  course  of  life  more  from  ue uecessity  cessity uecessity  than  choice.  We  have  conversed  with  many  poor  girls  who,  after  experiencing  for  twelve  or  six sixteen  teen sixteen  months  the  miseries  attendant  upon  a  profligate  course  of  life,  would  gladly  free  themselves  from  such  wretchedness—if  they  could.  But  what  door  is  open  to  them?  Where  are  they  to  go  ?  What  are  they  to  do  ?  One  of  three  courses  they  must  take—to  beg,  starve,  or  prostitute  their  persons  !  There  is  no  alternative.  The  last  is  generally  pre preferred  ferred preferred  as  a  dernier  ressort  !  Let  us  trace  the  career  of  a  young  girl  fresh  with  life—with  generous  impulses—fervent  passions— passionstrusting  trusting passionstrusting  heart.  An  arch  fiend  in  the  shape  of  a  seducer—damned  name  !—crosses  her  path.  Bent  upon  his  nefarious  and  infernal  purpose  he  em employs  ploys employs  every  ag,ful  stratagem  to  decoy  and  allure  by  base  promises  and  villanous  pretentions.  .  She  listens—women  will  listen  !—to  the  Syren's  tale.  When  lie  has  got  the  ear  he  has  gained  the  heart.  She  believes—women  will  believe  !—the  hypo hypocritical  critical hypocritical  protestations  and  avowals  of  honorable  love.  She  repudiates,  perhaps.  resents  the  first  attempts  upon  her  virtue.  All  her  womanly  feelings  rush  like  an  armed  garrison  to  resist  the  invader  of  her  honour  !  However  she  becomes  foiled  at  last  ;  and  in  an  unguarded  moment  passively  yields  to  the  base  desires  of  her  heartless  betrayer  1  me  !  how  weak  a  thing  The  heart  of  woman  Having  obtained  his  end  the  vile  seducer  speedily  deserts  his  victim  and  goes  in  pursuit  of  other  inglorious  conquests.  She  is  left  helpless  and  for  lorn.  Remorse  succeeds.  Rumours  are  rife  to  her  discredit.  The  story  of  her  downfall  is  whispered  in  every  house—and  abroad  she  ceases  to  be  recog recognised  nised recognised  by  her  former  friends  and  acquaintances.  Her  parents  abuse—her  sisters  despise  her.  'She  quits  her  home,  being  no  longer  able  to  abide  the  obloquy  under  which  she  suffers.  She  takes  up  her  residence  in  one  of  our  large  towns.  Natural  wants  press  hard  upon  her  ;  and  to  save  herself  from  abject  destitution  or  positive  starvation,  is  induced,  though  with  agony  of  heart,  to  prostitute  her  body.  After  a  little  she  becomes  inured  to  her  new  course  of  life  ;  and  hides  her  remorse  in  smiles  and  Every  day  makes  her  more  experienced  in  the  ways  of  vice.  She  must  needs  qualify  herself  for  her  wretched  position—and  there  are  always  tutors  enough  unhappily  at  hand  to  corrupt  the  as  yet  untainted  mind.  Irregular  living  and  loathsome  disease  soon  enfeeble  her  constitution.  Sick  or  well  she  follows  her  unholy  pursuit  ;  and  rejoices  in  being  able  to  avenge  her  wrongs  by  becoming  the  ministrant  of  untold  miseries  to  man  !  The  syste systematic  matic systematic  cruelties  and  barbarities  of  the  opposite  sex  fill  her  soul  with  indescribable  loathings,  and  she  hates  the  being  whom  she  is  compelled  to STYLE=superscript  caress.  0,  none  but  GOD  alone  can  describe  the  miseries  of  this  lost  one  !  Though  her  bosom  is  generally  steeled  against  every  virtuous  impulse,  there  are  times  when  remorse  pierces  her  very  soul,  and  she  thinks  of  the  past  with  feelings  bordering  upon  madness.  Her  ,  feigned  joyousness  produces  ter.  rible  re  ection,  and  render  her  solitary  hours  un unendurable  endurable unendurable  :  Sorrow  concealed,  like  an  oven  stopp'd,  Doth  burn  the  heart  to  cinders  where  it  Society  has  cursed  her  in  every  step  of  her  career  ;  and  she  grows  sick  and  weary  of  existence.  The  Present  can  scarcely  be  borne  ;  but  the  future  is  too  terrible  a  vision  for  her  to  dwell  upon.  She  knows  nothing  of  her  family—of  the  bland  villain  who  seduced  her—they  know  less,  perhaps  care  less,  about  her.  By  and  by  sorrow,  debauchery,  and  disease,  do  their  horrible  and  deadlY  ,  work.  Nail  gal  -eYed,  anlierc  r STYLE=superscript  ikek  l STYLE=superscript  ai  and  pallid-visaged  woman  !  Fresher  and  younger  sub subj  j subj  ects  take  her  place  !  She  sinks  lower  and  lower,  and  becomes  more  and  more  degraded  and  abject;  and  ere  she  reaches  the  prime  of  life,  is  already  brooding  hopelessly  in  some  miserable  garret  over  her  wretch wretchedness,  edness, wretchedness,  the  candidate  for  a  parish  coffin,  and  a  dishonoured  grave  I  Could  her  seducer  but  see  her  now  what  would  be  his  feelings  ?—what  his  pangs  ?  0,  had  the  monster  seen  those  lily  hands  Tremble  like  aspen  leaves,  He  would  not  then  have  touch'd  them  for  his  life  Surely  this  is  no  over-drawn  or  exaggerated  case.  If  anything  it  is  not  graphic  enough;  for  language  fails  to  paint  the  miseries  and  horrors  which  fallen  women  endure  !  How  many  even  never  wait  for  natural  death  to  ease  them  of  the  burden  of  life,  but  rush  madly  to  the  Thames  or  the  Mersey,  as  to  LETHE'S  stream,  to  seek  relief  for  their  unendur_  able  anguish  !  Something  should  be  done  for  this  unfortunate  class  of  our  fellow-creatures  more  than  has  ever  yet  been  attempte'l.  The  agencies  at  work  to  re reclaim  claim reclaim  such  are  both  insufficient  and  defective  ;  and  we  have  known  one  or  two  private  individuals  in  the  metropolis  to  effect  more  good  than  public  institutions  of  name  and  standing.  Magdalene  Asylums,  for  the  most  part,  are  ill-conducted.  Penitent  women  are  therein  subjected  to  harsh  usage  and  inconsiderate  treatment.  There  is  no  classification  of  the  inmates  adopted.  And  a  woman,  no  matter  how  well  educated  or  brought  up,  is  made  to  work  as  diligently  and  laboriously  as  others  who  have  been  all  their  lives  trained  to  the  washing-tub  and  the  mysteries  of  the  scullery.  The  natural  ornament  of  the  hair  is  cruelly  cut  or  shaven  off—all  are  clothed  alike  in  a  kind  of  prison  costume—and  altogether  subjected  to  a  discipline  fully,  if  not  more  strict  than  that  employed  in  our  The  natural  consequence  is,  that  continuous  confinement  and  hard  work  de destroy  stroy destroy  constitutions  already  enfeebled  by  an  evil  course  of  life—consumption  is  engendered,  and  ere  the  probationary  period  terminates,  num-'  bers  fall  victims  to  this  insidious  disease.  A  milder  regime  might  have  saved  their  lives.  We  have  now  learned  to  treat  our  criminals  and  maniacs  mercifully;  shall  we  continue  an  opposite  policy  with  regard  to  those  who  have  even  far  more  claims  upon  our  sympathies  ?  It  must  be  understood  that  in  our  remarks  we  have  no  intention  to  speak  disparagingly  of  the  Institutions  of  this  town  for  the  reclamation  of  fallen  women.  In  truth  we  know  little  or  nothing  of  their  internal  government,  except  what  we  have  casually  learnt  from  poor  girls  in  the  street,  with  whom  we  make  it  a  point  occasionally  to  converse.  We  think,  however,  that  the  Benevolent  Institution  is  perhaps  the  more  mildly  conducted  of  the  two,  and  perhaps  less  objectionable.  Howove,r  we  cannot  deviate  from  the  opinion  heretofore  ex  pressed  that  such  Asylums  are  quite  unequal  to  the  duty  they  ostensibly  labour  to  perform.  Be Besides  sides Besides  there  is  a  very  strong,  an&amp;  if  possible,  grow growing  ing growing  objection  to  them  on  the  part  of  the  Magda Magdalenes  lenes Magdalenes  themselves.  A  physician,  for  several  years  connected  with  a  Lock  Hospital,  lately  informed  us  that  he  had,  in  the  course  of  his  long  expe experience,  rience, experience,  never  met  with  ore  of  this  class  who  would  not,  as  an  alternative,  have  preferred  a  prison  to  a  penitentiary  !  A  poor  young  girl,  an  evening  or  two  ago,  confessed  to  us  as  much,  and  stated  that  the  same  opinion  was  entertained,  as  far  as  she  could  judge,  by  the  majority  of  her  fallen  sisters.  Nov,  we  do  not  adduce  these  state_  ments  in  order  to  bring  Magdalene  Asylums  into  .  disrepute,  or  to  withdraw  public  support  from  them.  Our  only  aim  and  object  is,  to  bring  about  some something  thing something  better  than  what  exists  at  present  ;  and  we  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
