text
"FURTHER  PARTICULARS  The  lfoniteur  states  that  the  double  object  of  the  conference  is  to  re-establish  peace  between  Rus Russia  sia Russia  and  the  Sublime,Porte,  on  conditions  honorable  to  both  parties;  and  to  maintain  the  territorial  integrity  of  the  Ottoman  A  letter  has  been  received  hero  to-day,  by  an  eminent  banker,  which  states  positively  that  AL  de  Meyendorff  has  declared  that  Russia  will  not  recognise  the  acts  of  the  COTlfereneP  Tf  the  cgse.  tha  quc.otioll  at  once  arises—  are  the  four  Powers  agreed,  in  the  event  of  the  refusal  of  Russia  to  conclude  a  peace  on  the  terms  which  they  think  reasonable,  to  force  her  to  accept  those  terms  ?  The  latest  news  from  the  Danube  states  that  two  companies  of  Wallachia,n  militia  had  succeeded  in  crossing  the  river  during  the  night,  and  in  reach reaching  ing reaching  the  camp  of  Omer  Pacha.  They  have  given  some  important  information  respecting  the  Thus-  sian  army,  which  is  far  from  being  in  such  an  effective  state  - STYLE=superscript  as  that  described  in  letters  from  St.  Petersburg.  A  rumour  was  in  circulation  on  Friday  in  Paris  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  .had—abdicated,  but  it  obtained  little  credit.  Namick  Pacha  is  said  to  have  contracted  the  Turkish  loan  With  a  joint-stock  company  in  Paris.;  The  Bosnian  Christians  begin,  to  refuse  to  pay  contributions.  The  Russian  Governor  of  .Erivan  has  imprisoned  the  Armenian  Patriarch  of  Etchmaidzin.  The,  Patriarch  of  Aghsumar  has  addressed  a  pastoral  to  his  diocesans  announcing  the  above  fact,  invit,  ,  ing  the  Armenian  Christians  to  pray  for  their  .bre  thren  who  are  groaning  under  the  despotism  of  Russia.  MONETARY  AND  FOREIGN.  (From  our  Third  Edition  of  Saturday.)  PIEDMONT,  TURIN,  WEDNESDAY—The  elections  known  up  to  the  preseEt  moment  are  ministhials,,  60;  radicals,  14;  retrogrades;  8.  ST.  PETERSBURG,  IST—The  recent  severe  frost  has  been  suddenly  followed  by  mild.weather  and  rain.  ODESSA,  Nov.  28TH—A  very  active  business  was  there  going  on  in  wheat,  but  the  frost  has  since  set  in,  and  the  port  is  frozen  up.  PARIS,  FRIDAY.—The  article  in  the  Moniteur  made  a  favourable  impression,  and  the  Funds  rose  considerably.  Three  per  Cents  closed  at  76f.  18c.,  and  Four-and-a-Half  per  Cents  at  102  f.  15c.  HAMBURG.—The  report  of  the  money  market  is  favorable  ;  rate  of  discount  31  to  1.  THE  ARCTIC  REGIONS.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  AIUPHITRITE  AT  SAN  FRAN-  CISCO.  H.  B.  M.  S.  Amphitrite,  which  has  just  returned  from  the  Arctic  ocean,  found  the  floe  at  Icy  Cape,  extend extending  ing extending  as  far  as  the  eye  could  reach,  as  late  as  August  6th.  Icy  Cape,  is  the  extreme  north  western  point  of  America,  in  lati latitude  tude latitude  70  degrees  north,  about  five  degrees  ly  a.  , STYLE=superscript  ve  the  nar narrowest  rowest narrowest  point  of  Behring's  Strait.  At  this  t  the  coast  tun.  abiuptly,  Point  Barrow,  where  the  Plover  wintered,  is  to  the  north  and  east  of  Icy  Cape,  still  farther  within  the  Arctic  ocean.  The  place  itself  is  a  miserable  spot,  with  no  rising  ground  near,  and  nothing  but  ice  to  be  seen  for  miles  around.  There  are  about  two  hundred  natives  here,  most  desperate  thieves  ;  and  it  required  the  utmost  caution  and  good  manage management  ment management  on  the  part  of  the  English  to  remain  on  friendly  terms  with  them,  and  at  the  same  time  repress  this  vicious  propen propensity.  sity. propensity.  The  Plover,  after  receiving  her  supplies  from  the  Rattlesnake,  at  Point  Spencer,  took  her  departure  on  the  24th  of  August  for  Point  Barrow,  to  remain  another  winter.  locked  up  in  those  dismal  regions  of  ice.  Two  other  Eng English  lish English  vessels  of  war—the  Enterprise  and  Investigator—passed  Point  Barrow  the  year  before  last,  and  penetrated  still  further  into  the  ice,  on  the  look-out  for  Sir  John  Franklin.  Nothing  had  been  heard  of  them  since  they  left  ;  and  from  the  strong  current  and  drifting  ice  setting  north-east,  when  the  Amphitrite  left,  there  was  little  chance  of  their  putting  back  again.  Indeed  it  was  generally  considered  impossible:  The  Amphitrite  left  Port  Clarence,  inside  of  the  straits,  on  the  Bth  of  September  ;  passed  the  Aleutian  Islands  in  five  days,  and  arnved  at  Honolulu  on  the  Ist  of  October.  After  passing  the  Aleutians,  she  experienced  most  disagreeable  weather—nothing  but  thick  fog,  rain,  and  raw  cold.  The  thermometer  in  the  middle  of  September  was  frequently  be below  low below  forty  degrees.  The  Plover  reported  the  previous  winter  as  of  great  duration,  and  this  backwardness  of  the  season  accounted  for  the  great  quantity  of  ice  seen  by  the  Amphi Amphitrite.  trite. Amphitrite.  She  will  await  orders  here,  and  expects  to  sail  in  a  few  days  for  the  coast  of  Mexico,  Panama,  and  Valparaiso.—  San  Francisco  Herald,  .Nov.  lst.  IRELAND.  [FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  DUBLIN,  SATURDAY..  CLONMEL  ELECTrON  :—The  writ  is  in  the  hands  of  the  sheriff,  and  accordingly  the  election  will  take  place  either  at  the  end  of  next  week  of  the  beginning  of  the  one  after.  Mr.  John  O'Connell  is  all  but  certain  to  have  a  walk  over..  !.;  The  Irish  Provincial  Banking  Company  hate  adopted  the  custom  already  in  force  in  the  English  •  establishments  of  th,a  same  sort,  of  paying  the  in income  come income  tax  for  all  persons  in  their  employment.  Mr.  Dargan  has  a  large  staff  of  at  workon  a  new  railroad  from  Cavan  to  Longford.  This  be  an  impOrtant  line,  as  the  great  connecting  between  the  North  end  West  !;1,1'11.-A  Gallvay  corresbondent  of  Sauhdc  dating  Nov.  9,  writes  of  the  murder  of  a  man  named  NOlan,  by  his  son,  who  appears  to  be  insane."
