text
"THE  CROPS,  &amp;c.  IN  ALABAMA.  — STYLE=superscript  Tbe  Autaugaville  Mercury  of  21st  ult.  says  The  weather  has  been  warm  for  the  season  except  yesterday  (Tuesday)  when  the  wind  blew  rather  cool.  Com Complaints  plaints Complaints  thick  about  the  ravages  of  the  boll  'The  Macon  Republican  (Taskegee)  of  the  22d  ult.  says  :  The  late  heavy  rains  which  we  have  had  we  fear  have  mate materially  rially materially  injured  the  crops.  They  have  produced  the  worm  and  the  rust,  which,  together,  have  proved  extremely  destructive.  In  some  places,  to  be  sure,  they  are  worse  than  in  others,  but  almost  everywhere  they  are  bad  enough.  The  opinion,therefore,  which  we  expressed  some  weeks  ago,  that  the  prospect  for  a  good  crop  was  pretty  fair,  is,  at  the  present,  materially  modi modified.  fied. modified.  We  still  hope  that  the  fears  of  the  planters  may  have  magnified  the  evil,  but  at  the  same  time  we  know  that  a  bon  spell  of  wet  weather,  at  a  time  so  critical  to  the  plant,  cannot  but  prove  extremely  The  Talladega  Reporter  of  the  22d  ult.  says  We  have  bad  a  great  deal  of  rain  during  the  last  few  weeks.  Our  planters  complain  that  their  cotton  is  almost  irretrievably  ruined  ;  they  cannot  make  half  a  crop.  There  is  a  good  deal  of  sickness  throughout  the  country,  caused,  no  doubt,  in  great  measure,  by  the  singularly  wet  summer  and  fall.  The  morn mornings  ings mornings  have  been  warm  and  cloudy,  the  middle  of  the  day  clear,  the  sun  for  a  few  hours  shining,  with  a  hot  fierce  heat,  worthy  he  dog  days,  and  then  evenings  TILE  COTTON  CROP.—  Within  a  few  days  past  we  have  travelled  extensively  over  this  country  and  find  everywhere  but  one  opinion  prevailing  relative  to  the  cotton  crop  in  this  section  --thatit  must  be  unusually  short.  The  lateness  of  the  plant planting  ing planting  season,  the  worm  and  the  present  wet  spells  have  combined  to  cause,  in  many  instances,  almost  absolute  failures.  We  have  heard  of  but  few  who  will  realize  a  usual  crop  ;  but  west  of  us,  we  heard  of  one  farmer  who  would  not  make  a  hundred  pounds  upon  a  hundred  acres,  and  of  another  who  proposes  to  give  his  entire  crop  to  any  one  who  will  prepare  his  land  for  the  next  season.  These  are  extreme  cases,  but  the  general  prospect  is  bad.—Eutaw  Whig,  of  27th  inst."
