text
"TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA  The  advices  from  Paris,  dated  Sunday  evening,  say  the  latest  accounts  relative  to  the  all-absorbing  question  of  the  East  are  comprised  in  the  telegrapic  despatch  which  reached  Paris  on  Saturday  night  from  Marseilles,  announcing  the  arrival  of  the  packet  bringing  accounts  froth  'Constantinople  to  the  sth.  On  reaching  Besika  Bay,  on  the  6th,  she  found  the  combined  fleets  preparing  to  enter  the  Dardanelles  and  proceed  to  Constantinople.  The  account  of  Omer  Pacha  having  received  orders  to  summon  Prince  GortSchakoff  to  evacuate  the  prin principalities  cipalities principalities  within  15  days  is  confirmed  by  this  ar  rival.  The  advices  state  that  M.  de  Crevecour,  the  Prefect  of  the  Department  of  the  Bouches  du  Rhone,  has  set  off  suddenly  for  Constantinople,  but  the  object  of  his  mission  had  not  transpired.  Pressing  orders,  had,  it  is  said,.been  sent  to  Toulon  to  fit  out  immediately  several  powerful  steam  frigates,  intended  for  the  conveyance  of  troops.  Notwithstanding  all  these  warlike  appearances,  the  majority  of  the  monied  world  were  of  opinion  that  peace  would  yet  be  maintained.  All  the  accounts  from  Germany.  seem  to  agree  in  stating  that  the  armed  neutrality  of  Prussia  and  Austria  has  been  decided.  .  The  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Times  If  I  may  credit  the  intelligence  which  has  just  reached  me,  a  telegraphic  despatch  from  St  Peters Petersburg  burg Petersburg  has  this  morning  been  received  at  the  Russian  Embassy  in  Paris,  announcing  that  the  Emperor  Nicholas,  who  had  just  sent  a  courier  in  all  haste  to  Vienna,  to  declare  that  he  accepted  freely  and  completely  the  whole  of  the  conditions  proposed  by  the  mediating  powers,  having  learned  that  the  Porte  had  declared  war,  withdrew  instantly  all  his  concessions,  and  again  declared  that  there  now  re remained  mained remained  nothing  but  war.  Indeed,  the  expression  used  by  the  Emperor  is,  if  I  am  rightly  informed,  of  the  strongest  kind,  however  incompatible  with  the  pontifical  character  of  his  Majesty  ;  it  not  merely'  says  '  war,'  but  war  of  extermination— extermination'  ' extermination'  guerre  d'extermination.'&#34;  A  Vienna  correspondent  of  our  contemporary  - STYLE=superscript  Two  diplomatic  notes  of  considerable  importance  have  bedn  received  here  within  the  last  few  days.  The  one  from  England  explained  why  the  Ohnutz  propositions  had  been  rejected"
