text
"PERSONS  WANTING  SERVANI  •  should  Advertise  in  the  ORTHERN  DAILY  CHARGE  S  I  X  P_l  TIMES  Published  every  morning,  at  19,  South  John-street.  Liverpool,  and  9.  Princess-street.  Manchester.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS  No  notice  can  be  taken  of  anonymous  communications.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WiLiziEn,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Nessrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  THURSDAI  OCTOBER  1853  present  threatening  state  of  things  at  the  first  terrible  illustration  w  e  ha`  ree4rd,  of  the  direful  result  of  that  premature  and  ill-advised  application  of  the  by  the  Bank  of  , STYLE=superscript  England,  to  which  we  have  so  often  alluded  in  the  columns  of  the  NORTHEN  DAILY  TIMES.  Th  suspension  of  labour  throughout  the  Northern,  of  manufacturing  districts,  was  the  probable  and  dis-  sterous  consequence  we  predicted  as  like  follow  from  the  adoption  of  such  a  course  to  meet  I,  mere  semi-political  necessity.  Previous  to  the  idvance  made  in  the  rates  of  interest  for  mom  trade  was  prosperous,  and  the  activity  whic  isted  in  every  branch  of  industry  was  the  happy  reflex  of  the  success  which  attended  the  trade  and  commerce  of  those  countries  whose  want&amp;  we  wei  fg,  and  whose  pr  n  return  .e  receiving  In•the  strikes  which  took  place  while  our  trade  stood  and  was  progressing  on  this  intelligible  and  propitious  fobting,  the  differences  between  the  employers  and  employed  were  readily  adjusted,  and  the  industrial  production  of  the  country  -istained.  But  now,  that  the  money-market  is  down  to  a,  pitch  litti  short  of  a  universal  refusal  to  afford'aceommodation  to  trade,  and  the,  greatest  doubt  and  apprehension  pre-  tails  as  to  what  the  London  bankers  may  do  to-morrow  Or  next  day,  we  must  deny  entirely  the  truth  of  the  assertion'put  forth  by  the  Operatives'  Committee  at  Preston,  that  they  are  the  victims  of  capital:  The  fact  is,  they  are  the  victims  of  the  very  opposite  element  in  our  social  and  political  namely,  the  want  of  capital  When  the  rate  of  interest  demanded  for  money  ly  to  the  profit  derivablE  ,pproximates  too  clos  1  the  employm  )f  labour  prudent  and  3ual  .course  is  to  discontinue  the  employment  of  and  it  is  a  very  nice  question  to  decid  ie`ther  the  mills  in  Preston  would  not  have  been  closed,.  as  they  are  at  present;  from  the  dearness  of  alone,  and  in  the  absence  of  any  strike  on  the  part  of  the  operatives.  One  of  the  most  eon-  spicuous  reasons  assigned  by  the  organs  of  the  London  bankers  for  raising  the  rates  of  interest  was,  that  the  industrial  classes  had  become  horders  of  money  the  extent  of  two  or  three  pounds  eab'h,.  and  at  in  order  to  remedy  the  evils  likely  to  accrue  from  this  ,ource,  it  was  necessary  to  -arrest  the  current  from  whence  it  arose.  It  was  also  urged  that  our  trade  was  becoming  speculative  and  hazardous,  and  that  it  Was  expe-  dient  to  apply  the  usual  test,  in  order  to  judge  of  )undness.  With  these  and  ti,  variety  of  other  causes,  all  tending  to  ,confitse,  if  not  embarrass,  the  large  employer  of  labour,  we  do  not  see  how  the  advance  demanded  by  the  operatives  could  be  conceded.  That  the  cogent  reasons  we  assigned  )account  for  the  increased  suspension  of  laiDour  throughout  the  country  within  the  last  two  months,  has,  we  have  no  doubt,  influenced  many  of  the  .eston  emplqers  in  adopting  the  closing  move-  The  Committee  of  Associated  Masters,  however,.assign  a  different  cause,  and  will  not  re.  calve  any  proposal  from,  or  acknowledge  the  Com Committee  mittee Committee  of  Operatives,  except  indeed  as  a  dangerous  combination,  which  they  reftise  to  treat  w  ith  i  n  any  GiTe  up  your  Committe(  and  lay  aside  all  appeax  . STYLE=superscript  ance  of  combinittion,  before  you  think  of  king  us  to  listen  to  your  demands  is  the  lam,  guage  of  the  Masters'  Committee;  and  in  this  we  think:they  are  perfectly  justified,  seeing  that  they  are  in  no  way  to  blame  from  the  adverse  turn  the  affairs  of  the  country  have  taken.  The  employer  is  in  all  such  cases  t  a  loser  t  ployed  ;  and  the  ale-house  brawlers,  who  talk  of  the  tyranny  of  capital,  and  its  monopoly,  are  the  most  dangerous  guides  the  people  could.  follow.  Tfie  reverses  which  we  have  experienced  in  trade,  manufactures,  and  commerce,  are  subjects  which  are  far  beyond  the  comprehension  of  such  sl44l4Veaded  demagogues  ;  and  as  they  are  by  Ya  l  its  - STYLE=superscript  4.emplex  to  be  dealt  with  successfully  in  the  Tiohiniitlke-room  of  an  Operative  Association,  we  earneS4  commend  the  turn  ou  t  s  t  o  a  b  andon  their..  tradt  ,  '  combinations,  and  look  to  their  elec-  do  i  bcs6o4  for  the  redress  of  grievauces  which  are  ±  - STYLE=superscript  104CO'n'ational  than  local,  and  in  the  meantime  to  - STYLE=superscript  V  s  tituN(tiptheir  work,  with  full  confidence  in  the  4  1 STYLE=superscript  /  4  tliviktrEL&amp;ohsideration  of  their  employers.  the  various  eireuaistances  which  have  led  to  the  suspeasion  of  :labour,  end  the  general  embarrassments  of  our  trade  and  manufactures  an  brought  under  discussion  in  the  proper  quarter,  we  shall  be  found  at  our  posts,  as  the  true  expo exponents  nents exponents  of  the  losses  sustained  byindustry,  and  the  serious  injuries  done  to  trade.  The  position  'in  which  the  question  of  employer  and  employed  at  Weston  stands  at  this  moment,  will  be  found  in  the  accounts  furnished  in  another  column  by  our  own  Reporter:  SOME  of  our  contemporaries  have  been  amusing  themselves  of  late  by  vilifying  Turkey  and  the  Turks.  Admitting  the  truth  of  the  accusations  so  gratuitously  asserted,  it  would  be  both  ill-timed  and  impolitic  at  this  moment  to  give  expression  to  them.  But  there  is  no  mistaking  the  animus  which  uch  aqiefaiious  course  'of  policy.  The  truth  is,  now  that  Turkey  and  Russia  are  pre preparing  paring preparing  for  the  brunt  of  armed  contest,  attempts  have  been  made  to  withdraw  sympathy  from  the  has  suggested  former,  and  - STYLE=superscript  damp  popular  feeling  in  favour  of  the  Turkish-  people.  We  deprecate  the  idea  o  making  the  Eastern  question  savour  of  the  odin  It  is  purely  a  question  of  inter international  national international  right  ;  and  as  such  should  rest  entirely  theologicunt  upon  its  merits,  apart  from  extraneous  and  irrelevant  considerations.  That•  Russia  has  been  the  aggressor,  even  those  must  admit  who  are  loudest  in  sounding  forth  thc  )f  the  Turkish  empire,  and  the  mis  overnment  of  the  SULTAN.  The  London  Times  which  a  day  or  two  ago,  thought  fit,  in  it:  rottennes  apient  wisdom,  to  enlighten  our  pro  v  i  nc  i  a  _  •  ignorance,  by  informing  us  that  the  Turks  are  —and  which  would  willingly  put  unbelievers  an  extinguisher  upon  the  Turkish  empire  to-morrow  if  it  could  —ventures  not  either  to  deny  or  justify  the  aggression  of  the  AUTOCRAT.  In  one  of  its  leading  articles  of  yesterday,  although  in  it  general  )caling  decidedly  unfavourable  to  the  Ottoman  PORTE,  it  nevertheless  joins  issue  Ivitl  one  portion  of  the  SULTAN'S  Manifesto  Such  case  does  it  (the  Manifesto)  establish  against  Ru  sian  violence,  that  a  reader  unacquainted  with  the  broad  bearings  of  the.question,  and  the  peculia.  relations  of  the  two.  Governments,  would  conceive  that  Turkey  had  been  absolutely  faultless  in  the  transactions  which  created  the  quarrel.  And  this,  indeed,  as  far  as  the  present  embroilment  is  con concerned,  cerned, concerned,  is  little  more  than  the  truth.  The  PORTE  has  given  Russia  no  cause  of  complaint  whatever;  it  has  endured  great  provocation  with  much  forbear forbearance,  ance, forbearance,  and,  with  an  obvious  desire  to  avoid  a  rupiure,  it  has  arisen  at  last  only  against  continued  aggres  lion,  and  the  casus  belli  now  accepted  is  a  true  case,  and  constituted  solely  by  the  acts  of  its  If  this,  then,  be  true,  why  not  permit  Turkey  un unreproachedly  reproachedly unreproachedly  to  assume  the  attitude  of  defence,—to  endeavour  by  amicable  arrangement,  if  possible  but  if  not  laving  recourse  to  that  stern  alter-"
