text
"the  . STYLE=superscript  co  anti  rnr  the  siihqai.  this  yielded  examined  th  e  h  Were  tilettl;  I  ves  tested  _  .  _  rlie  result.;  ()i  of  the  body  comainert  anti  ily  in  ti  ant  iMony  Wah  heart,  kidneys,  spleen  as  the  result  of  ansorption  any  4nvutit9  of  ant  many  v  antimony  its  contents;  text  to  the  s  then  in  the  bile  taken  from  ti  ..e  l  smallest  quant  i  ty  was  found  in.  gal STYLE=superscript  the  lungbl  s  adder,  and  t  .  Thirly,  th  presen  ce  o  f  antimony  in  the  rectum  or  lower  bowels  proved  that  the  discharges  of  the  bowels  of  the  de deit  it deit  she  was  ing  *  c STYLE=superscript  e  ased  contain  e  d  antimony  ih  up  to  th  e  t  i  me  of  her  death  ;  kited.  pass  antimony,  by  purging,  wh  en  s  h  e  We  came  to  th  at  conclusion  before,  of  course,  ,:14,1  heard  the  evidence  of  yesterday,  and  t  h  e  preserk.  •of  this  m  i  neral  is  su  ffi  cient  to  acco  unt  for  th  e  vomiting  ,or  diarrheza,  or  both,  from  which  the  deceased  is  said  to  have  suffered.  Fourthly,  the  conclusion  from  covery  of  anti  mony  in  the  stomach,  wis  e  info  ther  that  a  preparatio  n  O  f  antimony  must  have  been  tak  en  by  the  d  - STYLE=superscript  ceased  within  a  few  hours  before  her  death.  Fifthly,  -  0  n  the  discovery  of  antimony  in  the  intestines,  as  rectum  or  lower  bowels,  we  infer  that  the  antitnonial  •per,  if  not  taken  by  the  deceased,  was  not  the  result  series  of  accidents,  but  improperly  administered  to  pitirer  by  ignorance  or  design.  ,_.4ixtlily,  it  is  our  :on  that  the  antimony  found  by  us  in  the  body  of  le,eased  was  not  the  result  of  one  dose,  but  of.  everal  •  s  !aken  at  intervals,  some  days  before  her  death,  and  a  few  hours  before  her  death.  Seventhly,  that  the  i,nonial  preparation  taken  by  the  deceased  is  what  is  'oonly  called  tartar  emetic,  and  this  may  or  may  not  toted  as  poison,  according  to  circumstances.  It  may  not  have  been  the  cause  of  deceased's  death  -  at  of  the  absence  of  any  natural  cause  for  the  death,  it  may  have  accelerated  death  pro prong  ng prong  great.  d  epression  and  exhaustion  of  the  bowels.  ,iethly,  on  examination  of  the  stomach,  bowels,  and  other  organs  of  the  deceased,  we  eaold  not  detect  any  oh  loges  as  the  result  of  natural  disease  ;  there  was  no  . STYLE=superscript  ning  to  account  for  that;  on  the  other  hand,  there  w STYLE=superscript  ;  ,3 STYLE=superscript  nothi  ng  i  n  tho  e  appearances  itaconsistent  with  the  death  of  the  decease  I  from  tartar  emetic.  By  Mr.  Deane  :  I  have  no  reason  to  alter  these  conclu conclusi.ni  si.ni conclusi.ni  4  from  any  evi  eace  I  have  heard  —nut  in  anyone  in instance;  stance; instance;  I  do  not  think  that  tartar  emetic  could  have  been  given  th  .  deceased  by  Dr.  Bamford  in  mistake  for  tartar  'of  potash,  breattse  if  so  more  severe  symptoms  would  have  shown  Ihemselves  than  I  have  heard  described  ;  I  must  add  to  that,  that  in  my  opinion  she  was  suffering  from  tartar  emetic  before  Mr.  Bamford  li.  st  stw  her  on  the  Sunday  ;  tartar  emetic  administer  e  d  in  small  quanti quantities  ties quantities  in  wine  or  usher  liquid  would  not  be  perceptible  to  q  taste  iy  Mr  :  The  striallestd.,se  of  tartar  emetic  I  have  'jr  known  taken  at  once  is  ten  grains  ;  a  11:..rson  would  of  recoverin.  rroin  rejecting.  a  larire  and  a  better  chance  o  n  a  t  i-nce  thing.  he  would  if  taken  in  F STYLE=superscript  perco  n  by  ;ultim  o  y  dose  or  poisun  to  small  quantities  ;  th  depends  more  upon  th  the  quantity  given  quantities  with  safety,  person  could  live  with  system  that  We  niurid  C  manner  or  ail STYLE=superscript  ininistei:in  g  it  th  a  n  Anti-Icily  way  he  ta-en  in  snial  hut  I  do  not  heln,v  e  that  any  ait  antiwouy  in  the  ileeeased'A  burly  ;  it  was  when  I  found  antimony  in  all  parts  of  t  form  is  ti  vomitium  Was  Sail  cat  CO  1).,d  r  dep..sed  to  discovery  of  antimony  in  all  par  •  •  the  gro  ~Rlith~  N  Work  onVp,  reations  f  ru  110  w  of  sh  it  which  o STYLE=superscript  ,.'e  (h.OlO  , STYLE=superscript  ok,  and  ti  given  n  ni  or  Erie  o,  d  s  b  d  00,  r  og  les,  w  ,  ref  thA  L  I  ~Alplldose  .evealed"
