text
"COUNTY  COURT.-YESTERDAY  h  is  Ilonur,  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  Esq.,  sat  at  ten  o'clock.  BATEMAN  V.  JACKSON  AND  WILDING.---CUSTOM  OF  A  TRADE.  —This  case  *as  previously  heard,  and  the  particulars  published  in  this  Journal.  Mr.  Bateman,  oiner  and  builder,  of  Heath-street,  sought  to  recover  from  Messrs.  Jackson  and  Wilding,  hosiers,  1/,  as  preniium  for  a  plan  and  estimate  which  he  furnished  for  the  fitting  up  of  a  new  shop  in  Ranelagh Ranelaghstreet,  street, Ranelaghstreet,  and  which  were  not  accepted  by  the  defendant,  The  case  was  adjourned  to  this  day  for  the  purpose  of  allowing  the  plaintiff  to  prove  that  it  was  a  general  custom  of  the  trade  to  be  paid  for  plans  and  estimates  furnished  under  such  cir circumstances,  cumstances, circumstances,  Mr.  Alniond  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff  . STYLE=superscript  .  Mr.  Bateman  was  examined,  and  deposed  that  he  was  sent  for  by  Mn  Jackson,  and  ordered  to  prepare  the  plan  and  estimate,  which  met  the  approval  of  Mr:  Jackson,  but  plaintiff  did  not  get  the  job:—Mr:  Almond  Is  there  anything  in  the  trade  Nithich  entitles  a  person  preparingplans  to  any  remuneration  ?—Witness  :  I  know  that  I  always  make  it  a  practice  to  charge  for  plans.—Court  :  That  is  not  the  question  ;  the  question  is  whether  there  is  such  a  custom  in  the  trade.  —Mr.  Almond  :  In  the  report  which  I  have  read  of  the  trial,  it  was  stated  that  it  was  made  conditional  upon  my  bringing  the  knowledge  of  the  custom  directly  home  to  the  defendants,  which,  of  course,  I  cannot_do.—Court  :  Oh  lid,  ;  *hat  I  said  was;  that  pill  must  tither  bring  home  the  knowledge  of  stidh  a  practice  to  the  defendants,  or  shew  that  it  was  a  custom  so  gonefdl,  that  their  know knowledge  ledge knowledge  of  it  must  be  inferred.  It  must  be  general  and  well wellestablished,  established, wellestablished,  and  not  for  a  mere  partial  purpose—so  general  that  you  are  to  presume  that  all  those  connected,  with  that  par particular  ticular particular  trade  are  acquainted  with  it.—Thomas  Bage,  builder  and  joinerj  deposed  that  he  was  not  in  the  habit  of  charging  for  plans,  providing,  lie  did  the  Wofk,  but  if  he  did  not  do  the  work  he  would  charge  for  it.—Mr.  Almond:  Siippdse  you  were  called  upon  to  prepare  a  plan  for  the  fitting  up  of  a  new  shop,  and  that  you  sent  in  your  estimate,  which  estimate  was  not  accepted,  id  there  any  custom  of  the  trade  to  entitle  you  to  make  a  charge  ?—Witness  ;  I  *ould  consider  myself  entitled  to  make  a  eharge.—Court:  That  is  not  the  answer.—  You  must  confine  yourself  to  the  general  custom  of  the  trade,  not  what  you  yourself  would  do.  Witness  •  I  can  only  say  that  I  have  been  paid  for  such  jobs,  and  consider  myself  entitled  to  it.  I  cannot  say  that  everybody  does  it.  I  have  done  these  jobs  and  not  been  paid.—Court  :  That  is  exactly  what  I  expected,  some  persons  pay,  and  some  persons  do  not.—John  Cooper,  another  builder  and  joiner,  was  also  examined,  but  said  he  could  only  speak  for  himself,  that  he  had  always  charged  such  jobs,  and  got  payment  too,  (Laughter).  Court:  I  think  you  are  quite  right  to  make  the  charge,  if  you  can.  Mr.  Almond  :—I  can  only  corroborate  this  evidence  by  other  parties—l  do  not  profess  to  carry  it  further.  Court  :  I  think  it  is  plain  the  custom  is  not  universal.  These  gentle•  men  are  all  anxious  to  haVe  the  jobs,  and  they  are  willing  to  run  the  risk  of  the  little  comparative  trouble  and  expense  in  the  first  instance,  in  order  to  have  the  benefit  of  the  job.  —Mr.  AlMond  :  Suppose  I  prove  that  the  plan  in  this  case  was  actually  adopted  and  substantially  used  ?—Court  :  Of  course,  if  vou  shew  that,  a  new  point  will  be  opened  alto altogether.—Mr.  gether.—Mr. altogether.—Mr.  Bateman  was  recalled,  and  stated  that  his  plan  remained  in  the  possession  of  Mr.  Jackson,  up  to  the  28th  Of  last  month,  and  that  from  his  knowledge  Of  the  premises,  he  believed  it  had  been  used  in  fitting  up  the  shop.  On  the  other  hand,  the  builder  who  actually  fitted  up  the  shop  was  called,  and  positively  deposed  that  he  never  saw  the  plan  sent  in  by  Mr.  Bateman  at  all.—Court  :  It  is  my  opinion  that  in  small  jobs  of  this  kind,  persons  are  willing  to  send  in  their  estimates  and  take  the  risk.  In  order  to  establish  the  case  for  the  plaintiff,  the  custom  stated  by  Mr.  Bateman,  should  either  have  been  a  practice  of  his  own  which  was  known  to  the  defendants  at  the  time  of  their  giving  the  order,  or  else,.  a,  custom  so  general  in  the  trade,  that  they  must,  be  cognizant  of  it  at  the  time  they  gave  the  original  order.  Neither  appears  in  this  case.  The  case  was  accor accordingly  dingly accordingly  dismissed.  THOMAS  Di  4 STYLE=superscript  CONNELL  V.  THE  BIRKENHEAD,  LANCASHIRE,  AND  CHESHIRE  RAILWAY  COMPANY.—This  was  a  new  trial  at  the  instance  of  the  Railway  Company.  At  the  previous  trial,  the  plaintiff,  who  is  a  clothier,  sued  the  company  for  the  value  of  a  parcel,  containing  clothes,  and  which  it  was  alleged  was  booked  in  the  office  of  th  eCompany  at  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  to  be  delivered  at  the  Bevington  station  for  a  lady  named  Cartwright,  and  which  was  not  delivered.  The  evidence  of  the  plaintiff's  assistant  was  given  to  show,  that  on  the  7th  of  August,  he  delivered  the  parcel  to  a  person  named  Bachelor,  at  the  office  of  the  Company,  and  paid  6d.  for  it.  On  behalf  of  the  company,  it  was  denied  that  the  parcel  had  been  received,  and  it  was  contended  that  it  must  have  been  left  at  the  landing-stage  where  the  messenger  had  been  upon  the  same  day  to  deliver  other  parcels.  A  verdict  was  then  had  for  the  plaintiff.  Subsequently  to  the  trial,  the  parcel  was  found  in  the  refreshment-room  at  the  land landing-stage,  ing-stage, landing-stage,  and  the  Company  applied  for  a  new  trial,  which  was  accordingly  had.  Mr.  Hime  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  John  Bucke  Lloyd  for  the  company.  The  assistant  of  Mr.  M'Connell,  a  person  named  Milledge,  was  examined,  and  deposed,  that  upon  the  7th  August,  between  nine  and  ten  o'clock,  he  took  a  parcel  to  the  office  of  the  company  in  Liverpool,  directed  to  Mrs.  Cartwright,  Bevington  station,  which  he  delivered  to  a  person  in  the  office  named  Bachelor,  and  for  which  he  paid  6d.  He  had  four  other  parcels  to  deliver,  one  to  go  by  the  Birkenhead  boat,  and  three  by  the  Woodside  boat.  He  went  to  the  landing-stage,  and  put  the  parcels  into  the  different  boats.  He  did  not  enter  the  re refreshment-room  freshment-room refreshment-room  at  that  time,  nor  had  he  ever  been  there  until  subsequent  to  the  finding  of  the  parcel  there.  He  clid,not  ask  for  any  receipt  at  the  railway  office,  nor  did  he  see  the  parcel  marked  carriage  paid.—Mr.  M'Connell  was  briefly  examined  in  reference  to  the  sending  of  the  parcel.—COUßT  :  I  am  very  sorry  you  do  not  see  your  way  on  either  side  to  some  arrangement  of  this  case.  Of  course  the  value  of  the  parcel  is  not  the  consideration.  Mr.  Lloyd—Certainly  not.  Co=  :  My  present  impression  is,  having  seen  the  witnesses  before,  that  it  would  be  a  very  hard  thing  to  impute  in intentional  tentional intentional  dishonesty  to  any  one  of  the  parties  on  either  side,  and  lam  sorry  it  is  put  in  that  way.  If  you  cannot  your yourselves  selves yourselves  see  any  solution  of  the  question,  without  that,  we  must  come  to  a  point  which  is  very  unpleasant  to  decide  upon,  and  which,  I  confess,  I  think  might  possibly  be  avoided.  I  would  suggest  that  this  action  should  be  with withdrawn,  drawn, withdrawn,  and  that  there  should  be  no  imputation  at  all  upon  the  character  of  any  of  the  parties.  After  some  conference  between  the  parties,  Mr.  Lloyd  offered  to  give  back  the  parcel,  with  ou  t  imputation  on  either  party,  and  let  each  pay  their  own  costs.  Mr.  Hime,  after  some  considera consideration  tion consideration  of  the  question,  said,  he  was  ready  to  agree  to  the  offer,  and  withdraw  the  action.  Court  :  I  have  never  seen  any  ground  for  imputation  upon  either  side.  I  have  seen  the  plaintiff's  young  man  examined,  on  both  occasions,  and  I  have  observed  him  giving  his  evidence  with  apparently  a  great  respect  for  truth,  and  a  great  amount  of  caution.  As  to  the  persons  employed  in  the  railway  office,  I  very  care carefully  fully carefully  examined,  as  well  as  I  could,  their  conduct  and  de demeanour  meanour demeanour  on  the  last  occasion,  and  I  saw  no  reason  to  impute  to  them  the  slightest  irregularity  in  any  way,  or  any  mis misconduct  conduct misconduct  whatever.  I  am  very  glad  that  the  matter  has  so  ended,  for  I  have  carefully  considered  the  question,  and  it  has  given  me  some  subject  for  thought,  and  I  would  cer certainly  tainly certainly  have  felt  it  my  duty,  had  it  gone  on,  whatever  the  result  should  have  been,  to  have  given  my  verdict  according  to  the  impression  produced  upon  me  by  the  evidence.  I  think  it  is  liberal  upon  the  part  of  Mr.  M'Connell,  to  assent  to  the  proposition  as  regards  the  costs  of  both  trials  ;  and  I  think  it  is  quite  right  that  he  should  have  credit  for  his  liberality.  On  the  other  hand,  it  is  certainly  quite  right  that  Mr.  Lloyd  should  not  do  anything  which  might  impute  or  seem  to  admit  misconduct  or  negligence  upon  the  part  of  the  Company.  All  imputation  is  Snow  withdrawn,  and  lam  exceedingly  glad,  personally  glad,  that  it  has  ended.  so.—The  action  was  accordingly  withdrawn,  each  party  to  pay  the  whole  costs  in  both  trials.  KERR  v.  WRITMORE.—This  was  a  case  which  was  ordered  to  stand  over  from  an  early  day  in  the  sitting  of  the  court.  It  was  reported  in  this  Journal,  and  relates  to  a  sum  of  £3  10s..  which  the  plaintiff  stated  he  had  given  to  the  defendant  to  get  changed  into  gold,  and  which  defendant  did  not  return.  Defendant  positively  affirmed  that  he  had  given  the  change.  Mr.  Etty  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Grocott  for  the  defence.  The  books  of  the  :defendant  were  produced  and  examined,  and  witnesses  were  about  to  be  called,  when  his  Honour  said—  My  present  impression  is,  that  this  case  had  not  been  made  out,  but  I  cannot  assign  any  dishonesty  to  either  party.  I  have  watched  Mr.  Kerr  in  giving  his  evidence;  and  I  am  bound  to  say  that  he  gave  it  in  a  very  satisfactory  manner.  The  solution  of  the  matter  probably  is,  that  the  money  was  put  down,  and  that  Mr.  Kerr,  sitting  there  and  having  some something  thing something  to  drink,  and  being  tired,  did  not  perceive  it  at  the  time,  and  other  parties  having  recourse  to  the  room  might  have  found  it.  That  would  leave  the  balance  in  the  books  right.  My  impression  certainly  is,  that  he  did  not  take  the  money.  I  express  this  opinion  because  I  suppose  he  will  be  held  accountable  by  his  employer,  and  I  am  quite  satisfied  he  did  not  take  it.  The  case  was  accordingly  dismissed,  the  defendant  to  be  paid  the  actual  costs  to  which  he  was  put  in  bringing  witnesses.  There  was  no  other  case  of  any  im importance  portance importance  heard  during  the  day,  and  the  Court  adjourned,  at  its  rising,  to  Monday.  LIVERPOOL  DISTRICT  COURT  OF  BANK BANKRUPTCY.--YESTERDAY.  RUPTCY.--YESTERDAY. BANKRUPTCY.--YESTERDAY.  Before  Mr.  COMMISSIONER  STEVENSON.)  IN  RE  THOMAS  JA.RDINE.—The  bankrupt  in  this  case  was  a  stone  mason,  builder,  and  licensed  victualler,  carrying  on  business  in  Liverpool,  and  came  up  to  pass  his  last  examina examination.  tion. examination.  Mr.  Martin  on  the  part  of  the  assignees  opposed,  on  the  grounds  that  the  bankrupt  had  lent  £5O  to  a  party  whose  address  he  could  not  give;  that  there  were  no  vouchers  for  his  trade  or  personal  expenses,  and  that  he  had  not  kept  proper  books.  The  Commissioner  remarked,  that  as  no  better  accounts  could  be  made  out  by  the  bankrupt,  he  would  be  compelled  to  pass  them,  but  the  bankrupt  must  be  pre prepared  pared prepared  to  take  the  consequences,  when  he  came  to  apply  for  his  certificate.  Mr.  Evans,  solicitor  for  the  bankrupt,  ap applied  plied applied  to  have  the  accountant's  bill  paid  out  of  the  estate.  The  bill  contained  an  item  of  £4  4s.  for  making  out  a  second  balance  sheet.  This  the  Commissioner  refused  to  allow.  NEW  BANKRUPTCY  RULES.—IMPORTANT  TO  THE  PROPES.  sioN.—A  trade  debtor's  summons  having  been  issued  by  the  Court,  Mr.  Fletcher  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  assignees,  and  Mr.  Raffles,  barrister,  for  the  defendant.  Mr.  Raffles  said,  in  this  case  there  was  a  discrepancy  between  the  par particulars  ticulars particulars  delivered  in  the  notice  and  the  summons  as  directed  to  the  debtor.  In  the  particulars  of  the  demand  and  notice,  the  defendant  was  described  as  shipowner,  dealer,  and  chap chapman  man chapman  ;  and  in  the  summons  as  shipowner,  dealer  and  chap-"
