text
"offices  which  have  been  in  existence  since  the  sys sysmof  mof sysmof  life  insurance  was  first  attempted.  If  we  view  the  generally  received  hypothesis  as  correct,  the  self-evident  result  must  be  that  the  liabilities  of  the  assurers  must  all  fall  upon  the  office  at  the  end  of  the  maximum  limit  laid  down  for  the  duration  of  life.  This  fact  within  the  last  few  years  has  been  felt  most  seriously  by  some  of  our  oldest  life  insurance  corporations,  for  whose  safety  great  alarm  was  felt  in  the  public  mind.  Their  popularity,  however,  led  to  a  continuance  of  the  influx  of  new  lives,  which  enabled  them  to  meet  their  engagements,  by  applying  their  in increased  creased increased  incomes  to  the  payment  of  their  policies.  Here  popularity  assumes  a  sort  of  parliamentary  value,  and  hence  the  cause  of  that  excessive  jealousy  and  alarm  with  which  the  antiquated  corporations  view  all  new  aspirants  to  popular  favour.  In  calling  for  the  interference  of  the  legislature  on  their  behalf,  we  are  no  less  amazed  at  their  folly,  than  we  are  at  their  effrontery.  As  a  prelimi preliminary  nary preliminary  to  raising  any  claim  to  protection  from  legiti legitimate  mate legitimate  rivalry,  they  will  be  required,  however,  to  prove  the  accuracy  and  justice  of  the  sys system  tem system  on  which  they  deal  with  the  public.  Furthermore,  they  must  show  us  some  unvarying  principle  by  which  the  insured  may  be  secured  against  loss  in  cases  where  a  large  increased  mortality  occurs,  and  at  those  periods  when  the  full  amount  of  their  liabilities  fall  due.  The  Legis Legislature  lature Legislature  will  also  be  required  to  investigate  rigidly  the  scientific  principles  involved  in  the  great  pro problem  blem problem  of  human  life.  To  us  it  appears  to  be  a  monstrous  mistake,  and  an  utter  impracticability,  to  deal  with  life  to  the  advantage  of  the,  insured,  by  taking  the  simple  arithmetical  decrease  in  a  given  number  of  lives.  The  human  family  increases  geometrically  under  all  conditions  ;  and  if  our  system  of  insurance  was  based  upon  the  increase  in  population,  there  would  be  an  endlessly  accruing  circle  of  increased  profit  to  guarantee  the  safety  of  all  concerned.  That  the  science  of  dealing  with  life  is  yet  in  its  robes  of  in infancy,  fancy, infancy,  and  that  its  whole  operation  is  most  hazardous  no  one  can  pretend  to  deny.  The  public  should  therefore  look  with  the  utmost  jealousy  at  any  attempt  that  may  be  made  to  interfere  with  the  field  of  experiment  and  inquiry,  in  this  most  im important  portant important  branch  of  our  social  economy.  There  are  very  many  new  companies  who  offer  greater  ad advantages  vantages advantages  to  the  public  than  many  of  the  older  institutions,  and  the  calling  on  parliament  to  close  the  field  of  competition  against  a  rivalry  which  has  already  bestowed  so  many  benefits  on  the  thoughtful  and  moral  portions  of  the  community  we  trust  will  prove  as  vain  as  it  is  absurd.  The  old  school  assurance  offices,  however,  are  all  powerful  in  both  Houses  of  Parliament.  Their  Boards  of  Directors  are  composed  of  Peers  and  M.  P's,  many  of  who  may  be  ill  at  ease  as  to  the  future.  Those  companies  who  can  boast  of  an  octogenarian  existence  are  naturally  more  susceptible  than  their  younger  and  more  vigourous  off-shoots.  The  Regis Registrar  trar Registrar  General's  report  of  births  and  deaths  are  positively  slaying  the  aged,  while  they  are  merely  deluding  the  young.  From  experience  spread  over  five  or  six  generations,  embracing  almost  every  variety  of  change  of  which  human  life  is  capable  of  undergoing,  the  aged  find  they  can  go  no  further  in  the  way  of  reducing  their  rates  of  premium.  The  more  juvenile  fancy  that  the  Registrar  Gene General's  ral's General's  bills  of  mortality,  which  extend  over  about  half  a  generation  are  sufficiently  conclusive  to  jus justify  tify justify  a  lower  scale  of  charges.  Here  popularity  leaves  one  at  a  discount,  whilst  it  raises  the  other  to  a  premium.  But  how  far  will  this  scramble  avail  the  public  ?  Insurance,  to  be  of  advantage,  should  embrace  all  ages  and  conditions.  To  do  this,  it  must  be  based  on  the  principle  which  shows  that  despite  all  the  social  and  physical  defects  of  the  several  classes  of  the  community  that  the  increase  of  life  is  pro progressive:  gressive: progressive:  Those  of  our  readers  who  have  acquired  a  knowledge  of  these  subjects  should  at  once  devote  themselves  to  the  application  of  the  true  economic  principle  involved  in  this  great  moral  and  national  question.  The  errors  that  lie  at  the  bottom  of  the  present  system,  must  sooner  or  later  show  them themselves  selves themselves  when  an  irreparable  injury  will  be  done  to  the  cause  of  frugality,  temperance,  and  morality.  THE  editor  of  a  liberal  journal  would  require  to  be  as  invincible  and  invulnerable  as  ACHILLES,  otherwise  danger  is  likely  to  accrue  from  all  the  shafts  levelled  against  him.  If  we  had  made  up  our  mind  to  have  pleased  everybody,  we  should  have  reason  by  this  time  to  smile  at  our  folly  ;  but  not  having  done  so,  why,  we  are  fully  prepared  for  the  occasional  rebuffs,  and  direct  animadversions  which  our  sentiments  receive.  We  altogether  omit  mentioning  the  amount  of  friendly  suggestions  publicly  tendered  ;  but  were  we  'to  comply  with  them  all,  we  should  be  by  this  time  in  a  pitiable  plight.  We  have  not,  however,  forgotten  the  fable  of  the  Man  and  his  and  the  very  excellent  moral  which  it  inculcates.  Our  correspondent,  writes  us  a  long  and  angry  letter,  which  will  be  found  in  its  proper  place,  complaining  of  our  leading  article  on  the  late  meeting,  held  in  this  town,  for  the  Evangelisa Evangelisation  tion Evangelisation  of  France.  In  his  op'ening  remarks  he  pays  a  handsome  tribute  to  our  humble  and  disinterested  labours  for  the  public  welfare.  He  was  led  to  hope  that  a  star  of  no  ordinary  magnitude  had  ap appeared  peared appeared  in  these  northern  latitudes,  to  throw  a  clear  and  steady  light  over  our  commercial  and  poli political  tical political  horizon  ;  but  these  anticipations  were  des destined  tined destined  to  a  sudden  and  unexpected  We  really  pity  and  feel  for  his  severe  disappoint disappointment,  ment, disappointment,  and  would  gladly  help  him,  if  we  could,  out  of  the  sea  of  gloom  into  which  he  has  been  plunged.  But  as  to  how,  or  in  what  manner,  our  observations  on  Mr.  NOEL,  and  the  Society  which  he  represented,  could  have  either  directly,  or  indi indirectly  rectly indirectly  effected  our  or  Political  fairly  puzzles  us  to  solve.  We  are  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  on  that  point.  But  our  sen sensitive  sitive sensitive  correspondent  further  compliments  us  by  characterising  our  reasoning  as  and  our  language  as  as  he  had  rarely  seen  excelled  in  any  provincial  paper.  Of  course,  we  bow  to  his  superior  wisdom,  and  critical  judgment,  which  even  his  acknowledged  does  not  seem  to  have  overcast.  As  to  having  breathed  a  word  derogatory  to  the  character  of  Mr.  NOEL  we  entirely  disavow  the  invidious  accusation.  We  censure  no  man  for  his  conscientious  opinions  ;  but  rather  honour  him  for  the  moral  heroism  he  displays  in  embracing  and  avowing  them.  We  condemn  no  man  for  his  intellectual  errors,  pro provided  vided provided  he  does  not  make  a  public  display  of  them;  and  even  when  we  feel  ourselves  obligated  to  speak  in  accents  of  reproof,  we  are  always  cautious  to  attack  principles  and  not  individuals  ;  who,  doubt doubtless,  less, doubtless,  oftentimes  are  honestly  intentioned,  although  most  mistakingly  led.  We  now  come  to  what  our  correspondent  calls  his  chief  viz.,  to  call  our  attention  to  that  portion  of  our  article  in  .  which  we  denounce  all  missionary  on  the  plea  that  all  our  ex exertions  ertions exertions  are  required  at  home.  Surely  the  writer  must  have  been  labouring,  and  severely,  too,  under  hallucination,  as  well  as  if  he  im implies  plies implies  that  we  denounced  missionary  efforts.  Our  language  was  :  maintain  that  our  own  country  has  the  first  and  justest  claim  upon  our  liberality"
