text
"IMPORTANT  TO  PARTIES  FURNISHING.  GLASS,  CHINA,  AND  EARTHENWARE.  jiWARD,  CUT  GLASS  MANUFACTURER,  40,  Bold  .  Street,  Liverpool,  is  selling  goods  of  such  quality  as  cannot  be  surpassed,  at  the  following  prices  :  GLASS  OF  EVERY  DESCRIPTION.  Cut  half-pint  Tumblers,  from  44d.  to  is..6d.  each.  Pressed  ditto  Cut  Wines,  of  50  patterns  Cut  Decanters,  ditto  Cut  and  pressed  Salts  Cut  and  pressed  Sugars  and  Creams  ...  6d.  to  10s.  Od.  Cut  and  Moulded  Water  Bottles  and  Glasses  Cut  and  Moulded  Water  Jugs  ....  2s.  6d.  to  265.  Od.  „  An  immense  variety  of  CHINA,  in  Breakfast,  Tea,  and  Dessert  Services.  Tea  Cups  and  Saucers,  blue  figure  is.  3d.  per  half-dozen.  Tea  Sets,  of  burnished  gold,  from  ..10s.  6d.  to  £6  per  set.  Dessert  Services  EARTHEN  - STYLE=superscript  WARE,  in  endless  variety.  Dinner  Services,  to  dine  twelve  persons,  a  variety  of  patterns  and  colours,  from....  £2  0  0  per  set.  Toilet  Services,  nine  pieces  N.B.—  This  Stock  is  of  immense  extent,  the  quality  is  as  good  as  is  manufactured,  and  the  prices  are  from  10  to  20  i  per  cent,  cheaper  than  are  usually  charged.  OBSERVE-J.  WARD,  40,  Bow  STREET,  LIVERPOOL.  -eLMILNERS'  HOLDFAST  AND  FIRE-RE  SISTING  SAFES,  CLOSETS,  DOORS  lESTS,  BOXES,  GUNPOWDER  MAGAZINES,  &amp;c  AT  MILNERS'  PHCENIX  (212°)  SAFE  WORTS,  WINDSOR,  _LIVERPOOL,  (Show  Rooms,  54,  Lord-street.)  LONDON  DEPOT,  47A,  MOORGATE-STREET,  CITY  GREAT  FIRE  AT  THE  GUTTA  PERCHA  COM COMPANY'S  PANY'S COMPANY'S  WORKS,  AND  DEFEATED  BURGLARIES.  Gutta  Percha  Company's  Works,  City  Road,  London,  Bth  June,  1853.  I  Suts,—We  consider  it  only  our  duty  to  inform  you  of  the  entire  preservation  of  all  the  Books  and  Papers,+  con contained  tained contained  in  the  large  Safe  you  recently  supplied  us  with,  although  exposed  during  Sunday  last  to  a  fire  which  de destroyed  stroyed destroyed  the  larger  part  of  our  Works  —this  is  the  more  re remarkable,  markable, remarkable,  as  the  intense  heat  has  in  many  parts  melted  the  outside  of  the  Safe.  are  of  opinion,  that  so  successful  a  vindication  of  the  merits  of  your  invention  cannot,  on  public  grounds,  be  too  generally  known  ;  and  we  therefore  leave  you  at  liberty  to  use  this  letter  in  any  way  you  may  wi  s  h  .  tt  We  are,  Sirs,  your  obedient  Servants,  THE  GUTTA  PERCHA  COMPANY,  FORD  BARCLAY.  if  messrs.  Thomas  Milner  and  Son,  47A,  Moorgate-Street,  City,  L  on  d  on  .  *  Including  £5,000  of  cash  and  bills  IMPORTANT  TO  ADVERTISES  IN  IRELAND  The  most  widely-circulated  3-day  journal  in  Ireland  is  THE  NORTHERNWHIG,PubIished  in  Belfast  The  latest  Government  stamp  returns  show  that  The  Northern.  maintains  a  high  pre-eminence  over  the  - STYLE=superscript  entire  provincial  press  of  Ireland,  and  that  only  one  metropolitan  3-day  journal  equals  it  in  circulation.  As  an  Advertising  medium  it  consequently  offers  advantages  which  few  Irish  journals  can  afford.  The  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  duty  has  caused  the  adoption  of  a  new  and  very  much  reduced  scale  of  charges  —  viz  :  Under  10  lines  (or  75  words)  Every  additional STYLE=superscript  line...  With  a  large  reduction  for  second  and  subsequent  insertions.  Contracts  for  Advertising  by  the  year,  half-year,  and  quarter,  will  be  taken  on  the  lowest  terms  compatible  with  the  extensive  and  valuable  publicity  afforded  by  its  large  and  influential  circulation.  To  London,  Liverpool,  and  Manchester  advertisers  in  particular,  it  offers  especial  advantages,  by  bringing  their  announcements  under  the  notice  of  so  enterprising  and  large  a  section  of  the  com-  2s.  Od.  Os.  4d.  munity.  The  Northern  contains  the  fullest  and  most  accurate  intelligence  on  all  subjects,  and  a  peculiar  system  of  market  prices  of  every  description  of  produce,  which  will  be  found  of  essential  importance  to  merchants  and  traders.  The  Northern  is  published  every  TUESDAY,  THURSDAY,  and  SATURDAY,  with  a  supplement  on  Saturday,  at  the  office,  6,  Calender-street,  Belfast.  Yearly  subscription,  £2  10s.  ;  half-yearly,  .£1  55.  ;  quarterly,  12s.  6d.,  payable  in  advance.  All  communications  to  be  addressed  to  the  Proprietors,  FRANCIS  D,  FINLAY  and  SON.-.—Belfast,  September,  1853.  THE  period  of  fifteen  days  allowed  by  the  PORTE  for  the  evacuation  of  the  Danubian  Provinces  expired  yesterday.  It  is  very  probable,  then,  that  the  public  mind  will  soon  be  relieved  from  further  suspense  as  to  the  real  issue  of  the  Russo-Turldsh  embroilment.  The  rumour  which  has  been  circulating  re respecting  specting respecting  the  Russian  CABINET  having  forwarded  a  hOstile  despatch  to  the  SULTAN,  is  entirely  void  of  truth;  no  such  document  having  emanated  from  St.  Petersburg.  Unfortunately,  there  are  a  con contemptible  temptible contemptible  class  of  men,  who,  like  the  shepherd-boy  in  the  fable,  raise  the  cry  of  wolf  suits  their  stock  -jobbing  purposes  as  often  as  it  Since  the  commencement  of  the  Eastern  dispute  many  a  tale  has  been  told  by  this  means;  whilst  the  tele telegraphic  graphic telegraphic  wires.  remained  all  the  time  perfectly  unconscious  of  the.  to  which  their  important  purposes  had  been  perverted.  It  would  be  quite  a  to  pronounce  a  definite  opinion  one  way  or  the  other  as  to  the  upshot  of  this  long-pending  dispute.  Nothing  really  is  known  which  would  warrant  us  to  speak  positively  on  the  subjects;  and  the  CABINETS  of  EUROPE  are  managing  their  negotiations  in  such  a  quiet  that  nothing  positively  can  be  known  for  a  few  days.  However,  we  are  glad  to  find  that  some  of  our  London  contemporaries  speak  of  war  as  very  improbable  ;  and  look  forward  towards  an  amicable  termination  of  the  dispute  between  the  ,  Two  Powers—although  the  peaceful  issue  might  be  considerably  protracted.  The  London  Times,  of  yesterday,  thus  quaintly  alludes  to  the  disposition  of  both  Russia  and  Turkey,  as  well  as  the  Western  Powers,  to  effeet  a  final  and  amicable  settlement:  The  EMPEROR  of  RussL4,  though  coercing  the  PORTE  with  an  armed  force,  declares  that  he  is  not  at  war  with  Turkey.  The  SULTAN,  though  •  compelled  to  de declare  clare declare  war  against  Russia,  does  so  conditionally,  and  with  every  hope  of  evading  the  pledge.  The  Western  Powers  send  a  powerful  squadron  to  the  East  in  defence  of  the  PORTE  and  in  opposition  to  Russian  encroachments,  but  carefully  avoid  taking  any  step  which  may  be  reputed  as  an  act  of  overt  hostility  against  the  The  Times,  however,  is  very  invidious,  and  does  .  not  appear  either  to  have  thought  of,  or  examined,  the  real  motives  which  guide  Turkey  and  the  Anglo-French  Powers  in  the  policy  which  each  has  relatively  adopted.  .  We  believe  the  PORTE  is  'desirous  of  peace;  we  have  no  doubt  but  that  England  wants  peace  ;  but  before  we  can  venture  to  say  as  much  of  the  God  of  all  the  we  Will  have  to  wait  little  longer  Time  will  solve  the  enigma.  •  THE  moral  and  social  consequences  of  have  become  a  leading  topic  with  the  Metripolitan  Press.  The  London  Times,  of  Thursday,  gave  a  sort  of  diagramical  outline  of  the  whole  question,  in  which  all  the  parallels  of  the  knotty  subject  were  laid  down  on  the  surface  of  some  second-hand  table,  which  was  selected  from  a  luckless  broker's  shop,  for  the  purpose  of  illustration.  Nor  are  the  rest  of  our  Londoa  cotemporaries  less  busily  engaged  in  en endeavouring  deavouring endeavouring  to  make  others  understand  a  subject,  'which  they  cannot  for  the  life  of  them  comprehend  themselves.  The  weekly  journals  are  also  up  and  doing,  but  as  they  hold  to  be  the  soul  of  they  confine  themselves  to  the  recital  of  the  most  latest  of  the  conflicting  par parties.  ties. parties.  The  Economist,  however,  has  a  long  essay  on  the  subject,  and  as  that  journal  is  the  organ  of  a  strong  section  of  the  present STYLE=superscript  Cabinet,  it  is  worthy  of  no notice.  tice. notice.  What  lies  at  the  bottom  of  is  the  problem  the  Economist  attempts  to  solve.  And  here  is  the  solution  There  is  not  enough  of  - STYLE=superscript  wealth  produced,  and  at  the  disposal  of  the  Millowners  and  their  workmen,  to  give  the  latter  as  large  wages  as  they  desire,  and  insure  the  forme'  the  ordinary  and  average  rate  of  profit.  More  wealth.i  s  the  desideratum  The  science  of  political  economy  has  but  one  established  rule  by  which  we  estimate  the  wealth  of  nations.  From  production  we  deduct  the  pro-  ducer's  want  able  wealth  of  a  peopl  and  whatever  remains  is  the  dispos-  In  calculating  the  re  quired  wants  of  civilised  States,  it  has  been  dis  covered  that  each  adult  cousumes  the  produce  of  five  hands  And  taking  the  adult  population  of  the  United  Kingdom  at,  say  15,000,000,  we  must  deduct  75,000,000  from  the  ,ggregate  Of  our  pro.  'entive  pow(  By  the  multiplications  of  our  in-  ratine  genius  th  producing  capabilities  of  Eng-  land  are  said  to  be  equal  to  800,000,000  of  hands.  This  would  leave  the  devisible  wealth  of  England,  after  deducting  the  wants  of  the  whole  of  the  United  Kingdom,  equal  to  725,000,000  hands.  But  both  Ireland  and  Scotland  are  producers  beyond  their  wants  in  the  following  ratio  :—lreland,  as  3  to  1;  Scotland,  as  7  to  1;  and  if  we  take  the  adult  population  of  the  former  at  4,000,000,  and  the  adult  population  of  the  latter  at  1,500,000,  the  figures  will  stand  thus  :  Ireland,  population  4,000,000  Multiplied  by  3  12,000,000  Scotland,  population  1,500,000  Multiplied  by  •  ...7  10,500,000  22,500,000  THE  NORTHERN  per  se  'is  no  '  mattex  so  much  as  in-  the  manner,  wherein  consists  the  y.  Physicians  may  dispute  the  efficacy  impropi.  of  chloliform  the  method  forming  an  operation—  musty  Act  of  Parliament—  ,  per"
