text
"POLICE  CO  URTS.  vE  ST  ERDAy.  LIVERPOOL.  THE  LODGING-HOUSE  ROBBERIES.—Henry  Lloyd,  re remanded  manded remanded  from  Monday  on  a  charge  of  stealing  wearing  appa apparel,  rel, apparel,  money,  and  other  valuables,  from  various  lodging-houses  in  Liverpool,  was  yesterday  again  placed  before  the  magis magistrates.  trates. magistrates.  Nearly  thirty  lodging-house-keepers,  whom  he  had  swin swindled  dled swindled  and  robbed,  were  in  attendance.  Th  ose  w  h  o  came  for forward  ward forward  and  whose  evidence  was  taken,  were  Maria  Hughes,  22,  Derby-street,  Edge-hill  ;  Jane  aldes,  Bittern-street  ;  Jane  Carper,  Almon-street,  Myrtle-street;  Thomas  Temple  ton,  Ormonde-street;  and  Margaret  Roberts,  18,  Longsdale Longsdalestreet.  street. Longsdalestreet.  The  evidence  of  the  two  first  was  alone  finally  taken,  as  the  prisoner  admitted  his  guilt,  (seeing  that  the  cases  against  him  were  complete).  In  most  instances  this  dexterous  rogue  only  slept  one  night  in  the  houses  of  his  victims,  decamping  the  following  morning  with  whatever  money  and  valuables  or  wearing  apparel  he  could  conveniently  lay  his  hands  upon.  It  was  said  by  the  detective  force  that  during  the  last  two  months  they  had  traced  stolen  property  to  the  prisoner  to  the  amount  of  upwards  of  one  hundred  pounds,  besides  cash  stolen  from  his  victims,  to  the  amount  of  at  least  twenty  pounds  more,  and  yet  notwithstanding  this,  the  amount  .  of  cash  he  had  upon  him  when  arrested  was  only  twelve  shil shillings,  lings, shillings,  and  he  was  arrested  wearing  a  stolen  shirt,  and  had  not  a  second  one  to  replace  that  upon  his  back.  The  officers,  in  giving  their  evidence,  admitted  that  they  had  received  great  assistance  in  tracing  this  case  from  Mr.  Christopher  Meadows  (of  Meadows  and  Ambrose's,  51,  Fon Fontenoy-street,)  tenoy-street,) Fontenoy-street,)  who  had,  with  commendable  anxiety  to  sup support  port support  the  public  interest,  given  them  every  facility  in  carrying  forward  their  enquiry,  and  now  willingly  came  forward  to  prosecute  the  guilty  party.  We  put  on  record  the  more  rea readily,  dily, readily,  this  alacrity  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Meadows,  because  on  several  occasions  latterly,  complaints  have  been  made  of  the  difficulty  there  existed  in  getting  pawnbrokers  to  come  for forward  ward forward  and  prosecute.  The  prisoner  was  sent  for  trial  to  the  Quarter  Sessions.  A  JUVENILE  PICKPOCKET.  —Julia  Browne,  a  girl  of  only  10  years  of  age,  who  on  Monday  was  brought  before  the  bench,  charged  with  picking  pockets  in  the  street  on  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  night  at  the  instigation  of  her  parents,  was  yesterday  ordered  by  the  magistrates  to  be  conveyed  to  the  workhouse,  pending  an  application  which  they  intend  to  make,  in  order  to  procure  her  admission  into  the  industrial  school.  THE  WATCH  ROBBERY  IN  CHURCH-STREET—  William  Campbell,  charged  with  a  street  robbery  upon  Mr.  Hough Houghton  ton Houghton  on  M  onday  weer,  itua  caxu,  b  Lio  i,“troL  violence,  at  the  corner  of  Church-street  and  Whitechapel,  was  yesterday  brought  up  for  examination.  The  watch  has  not  yet  been  found,  but  the  magistrates  decided  on  sending  the  prisoner  for  three  months,  with  hard  labour,  to  the  House  of  Correction.  Comirrnmrrs.  Denis  Jones  was  charged  by  a  decent  looking  Irishman,  named  James  Mahony,  with  robbing  him  at  The  Blind  public  house,  in  Vauxhall-road,  of  three  sovereigns  and  6s.  6d.  in  silver.  Whilst  pretending  to  coax  prosecutor  for  a  treat  of  a  glass  of  ale,  the  robbery  had  been  committed  ;  6s.  were  found  upon  the  prisoner,  who  was  convicted,  and  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprisonment,  the  money  found  being  ordered  to  be  returned  to  the  prosecutor.  Robert  Hughes,  Thomas  Disney,  and  Samuel  Holden  were  placed  at  the  bar,  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  marine  stores,  the  property  of  the  ship  Mattco,  Captain  Richard  Wallace,  from  St.  John's,  New  Brunswick.  Hughes  was  second  mate,  Holden  was  boatswain,  and  Disney  was  a  sea seaman.  man. seaman.  Mr.  Chilton  appeared  for  the  prosecution  and  Mr.  Campbell  to  defend  the  prisoners,  who  were  exceedingly  re respectable  spectable respectable  looking  seamen.  The  stores  in  question,  and  now  produced,  were  ropes,  deep  sea  lines,  and  yarns.  It  was  distinctly  proved  that  they  were  got  round  the  chests  of  Holden  and  Hughes  ;  but  it  was  set  up  that  they  had  only  been  used  as  makefasts  for  the  ordinary  purpose  of  security  for  their  property.  Against  Disney  no  proof  of  any  robbery  was  adduced.  The  latter  was  accordingly  discharged,  whilst  Hughes  was  sentenced  to  pay  a  fine  of  205.,  or  four fourteen  teen fourteen  days'  imprisonment,  and  Holden  to  pay  a  fine  of  10s.,  or  be  imprisoned  for  seven  days.  The  owner  of  the  ship  is  Mr.  Craig,  of  St.  John's.  Edward  Goodwin  was  summoned  by  Read  and  Jones,  the  market  inspectors,  to  answer  an  information  laid  against  him,  for  exposing  for  sale,  at  his  shop,  in  Vauxhall-road,  460  lbs.  of  unwholesome  beef.  He  was  fined  20s.  and  costs.  STEALING  WEARING  APPAREL.—Mary  Me  Manus  was  charged  with  absconding  from  the  workhouse,  and  taking  with  her  the  workhouse  clothes,  and  a  new  pair  of  stays  belonging  to  an  inmate  of  the  house.  She  sold  all  the  articles  belonging  to  the  workhouse,  except  a  blue  wrapper  she  had  then  on,  when  taken  into  custody.  She  was  committed  for  a  month,  with  hard  labour.  RIRKENHEAD.  (Before  JOHN  RALPH  SHAW,  Ti'  _Patrick  Mack,  a  youngster  not  more  than  10  years  of  age,  was  charged  with  stealing  coals  from  the  dock  quay.  The  boy  in  his  defence,  said  that  his  mother  sent  him  to  do  so.  The  magistrate  said  it  was  quite  distressing  to  see  children  of  that  tender  age  brought  up  by  their  parents  to  acts  of  dishonesty,  it  was  the  parents  that  ought  to  be  punished  instead  of  their  poor  children.  Morris  Jones,  and  Edward  Murphy,  two  seamen  of  the  vessel  13raziliera,  lying  initheißirkenhead  docks,  were  charged  with  smuggling  tobacco.  It  appears  from  the  evidence  of  a  Custom  house  officer  named  Thomas,  that  he  was  doing  duty  were  about  to  :go  onshore;  that  he  searched  them  and  found  on  each  a  pound  of  tobacco  concealed  under  their  clothes  and  in  their  pockets,  and  that  he  was  unable  to  give  them  in  charge  until  yesterday,  as  only  himself  was  on  board  and  ho  could  not  leave.  Defendants  admitted  the  charge,  and  they  were  each  fined  9s.  6d.,  being  the  single  value  of  the  tobacco."
