text
"TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  Our  advices  are  important.  A  telegraphic  des despatch  patch despatch  dated  Friday  evening,  says,  there  is  reason  to  believe  that  an  armistice  has  been  concluded  between  the  Turkish  and  the  Russian  Another  despatch,  dated  Constantinople,  Oct.  21,  says,  the  Porte,  having  heard  of  a  new  project  of  compromise  being  negotiated,  has  suspended  the  commencement  of  hostilities  for  the  present.  The  intelligence  of  Russian  hostile  operations  on  the  Lower  Danube,  on  the  20rd,  as  published  in  Paris  to  day,  is  contradicted  by  the  Oesterreichische  Correspondens.  The  Paris  Correspondent  of  the  Chronicle,  al alluding  luding alluding  to  the  intelligence  we  published  in  our  last,  writes,  it  is  clear  from  this  despatch  that  not  only  has  there  been  a  collision  between  the  Russian  and  Ottoman  troops,  but  that  Russia,  who,  we  are  told,  was  determined  to  remain  on  the  defensive,  was  the  aggressor.  The  publication  of  this  despatch  in  an  official  shape  by  the  French  Government  has  given  great  offence  to  M.  de  Kisseleff,  the  Russian  Minister  here.  The  relations  between  the  Russian  and  French  diplomatists  are  becoming  daily  less  cordial,  and  if  they  should  continue  on  their  pre present  sent present  footing,  it  is  probable  that  M.  de  Kisselff  will  not  remain  long  in  Paris.  The  Times  Paris  correspondent  says  :—lsacthca,  or  Issatchi,  is  nearly  midway  between  the  point  of  confluence  of  the  Pruth  and  Danube,  and  that  part  where  the  latter  river  divides  into  the  branches  which  enclosethe  neutral  territory.  Immediately  in  front  of  it  is  a  small  island.  It  is  remarked  thatthe  despatch  says  nothing  of  the  casualties  on  the  side  of  the  Turks,  and  itisscarcely  probable  that  I\l,Poujade,  who  is  the  Consul-General  at  Bucharest,  would  have  made  an  omission  of  that  kind.  That  silence  gives  rise  to  several  conjectures.  It  is  affirmed  that  the  despatch  contains  another  sentence,  to  the  effect  that  the  Consul  was  in  expectation  of  further  details  ;  and,  again,  that  there  are  some  details  which  are  not  given.  It  is  probable  that,  if  the  amount  of  the  loss  on  the  Russian  side  could  be  stated.  Some  estimate  has  also  been  made  of  that  of  the  Turks.  It  would  appear,  however,  that  the  affair  was  more  seriuzis  than  is  represented,  that  the  fighting  lasted  €Q4O.  time,  that  prisoners  were  taken  on  both  sides,  ance.that  no  quarter  was  given.  It  is  is  understood  to  be  the  result  of  a  movement  of  the  Russian  flotilla  at  Ismail,  to  place  itself  in  communication  with  Ibralia,  a  port  in  Wallachia,  situate  on  the  left  bank  of  the  river.  The  following  telegraphic  despatch  was  received  in  Paris  on  Friday,  from  Marseilles  :  The  French  and  English  fleets  weighed  anchor  and  quitted  Besika  Bay  on  the  17th  in instant.  stant. instant.  The  Friedland,  which  quitted  the  port  of  Con Constantinople  stantinople Constantinople  after  having  been  repaired,  has  gone  to  join  them  at  Gallipoli.  The  Sultan  has  reviewed  a  body  of  26,000  men,  who  set  out  immediately  afterwards  to  reinforce  the  army  of  DANUBIAN  PRINCIPALISIES,  (BY  SUBMARINE  AND  EUROPEAN  TELEGRAPH.)  BUCHAREST,  OCT.  18.—It  is  said  that  Omar  Pasha  had  informed  Prince  Gortschakoff  of  his  intention  to  occupy  the  Sultan's  territories  (the  Principali Principalities)  ties) Principalities)  at  once.  He  has  also,  it  is  said,  written  to  Prince  Stirbey,  that  he  intends  entering  Bucharest  on  the  Ist  of  November.  On  the  11th  Prince  Gortschakoff  held  a  council  of  war.  It  was  resolved  to  evacuate  the  southern  part  of  Wallachia,  evidently  with  a  view  to  entice  the  Turks  away  from  their  entrenchments.  It  is  thought  that  the  Turks  are  waiting  for  the  full  moon  to  cross  the  Danube,  and  that  they  will  cross  in  two  columns,  at  Widdin  and  Braila.  The  Russian  merchants  are  doing  an  excellent  business  in  English  cottons,  of  which  large  quan quantities  tities quantities  are  stored  in  the  Principalities.  They  send  them  across  the  Pruth.  The  Russian  army  occupies  in  force  the  little  town  of  Giurgevo  (opposite  Rutschuk),  and  is  en entrenched  trenched entrenched  there.  Some  estimate  it  at  15,000  men,  and  others  at  30,000,  The  Turkish  camp  is  oppo opposite  site opposite  Giurgevo.  The  weather  is  magnificent.  The  serenity  of  the  sky  and  the  dryness  of  the  ground  would  permit  the  armies  to  make  a  campaign  be before  fore before  the  winter.  There  is  a  large  Russian  camp  near  Galata.  The  strong  places  of  the  Turks  along  the  Danube  are  in  a  good  state,  and  well  armed.  That  of  Rutschuk  is  specially  remarkable  on  account  of  its  imposing  aspect.  It  is  the  centre  of  a  corps  d'armee.  The  town  is  seated  on  a  steep  bank  by  the  side  of  the  river,  and  the  ramparts  crown  the  summit.  At  the  brink  of  the  river  is  a  series  of  low  batteries.  Round  the  town  are  seen  the  tents  of  the  Turks,  which  are  of  a  green  colour,  in  honour  of.  the  Prophet.  The  coup  d'ail  is  very  picturesque.  It  is  said  the  Hungarian  General  Klapka  commands  this  corps  d'armie,  or  one  of  its  divisions.  The  Turks  .protect  themselves  on  the  Bulgarian  bank,  and  keep  watch  with  great  vigi•  lance.  All  along  the  bank  there  are  posts  and  sentinels  or  videttes,  with  near  them  a  pole  from  fifteen  to  eighteen  feet  high,  surrounded  with  straw  or  rushes  steeped  in  tar,  and  destined  to  be  set  on  fire  in  case  of  alarm.  The  fires  would  be  lighted  in  the  event  of  a  movement  of  the  Russians,  and  the  signal  would  spread  rapidly  on  all  the  line.  The  videttes  shelter  themselves  under  a  covering  of  branches,  holding  their  horses  by  the  bridle,  and  their  lances  stuck  up  before  them.  All  these  videttes  belong  to  the  regular  cavalry.  Besides  the  posts  and  the  videttes  of  the  bank,  there  are  others  on  the  road,  having  also  signals  prepared.  Coirripontima.  THE  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION  Honour  and  shame  from  no  condition  rise,  Act  well  thy  part  !  there,  all  the  horiour  TO  THE  BURGESSES  OF  PITT-STREET  WARD  I  would  fain  address  you—Burgesses  of  Pitt Pittstreet  street Pittstreet  Ward—in  a  few  parting  words,  before  you  finally  decide  upon  your  representative,  at  the  ensuing  Municipal  Election,  and  if  my  efforts  shall  inuce  but  one  voter  to  look  upon  the  rights  he  is  called  upon  to  exercise  on  that  day,  as  a  public  duty  too  sacred  to  be  tilled  with,  I  shall  think  the  game  has  been  worth  the  ,—I  send  you  a  slip,  taken  from  a  Glasgow  paper  of  Tuesday  last—if  it  had  appeared  in  the  year  1653,  it  would  not  have  excited  any  surprise.  Liverpool  is  treated  by  the  Post-office  folks  about  as  well—certainly  not  better.  Merchants  are  obliged  to  get  their  letters  posted  by  12.30  p.m.,  if  they  wish  them  delivered  in  Glasgow  the  next  morning;  otherwise,  one  o'clock  p.m.  is  considered  soon  enough  by  Mr.  Rowland  Hill.  Some  while  ago  we  had  a  dispatch,  giving  business  men  up  to  3.30  to  get  their  letters  off,  and  though  the  same  train  is  running  that  took  the  mail  in  those  days,  no  mail  is  allowed  by  it  now.  A  short  time  ago  we  had  a  dispatch  at  9.30  p.m.,  delivering  letters  in  the  North  early  next  morning.  This  most  valuable  mail  to  Liverpool  and  Manchester  has  been  knock knocked  ed knocked  off.  -  Why  ?  The  train  runs  as  far  as  Lancaster,  and  there  stops.  .  Why  ?  I  ask  again.  Surely,  somebody-ought  to  see  to  these  matters,  and  not  leave  us  at  the  mercy  of  Post-office  clerks  and  Jtailway  managers.  Yours,  *  [The  extract  from  a  Glasgow  paper,  referred  to  by  our  correspondent  says  the  London  and  Ber Berwick  wick Berwick  line  mail  is  in  future  to  be  entrusted  to  one  man  driving  an  old  horse  at  6f  miles  an  hour,  through  a  wild  district  of  country,  merely  to  save  a  few  paltry  pounds  per  annum.  The  Post-Office  authorities  seem  resolved  to  astonish  the  lieges  !  How  long  is  this  mockery  to  We  quite  agree  with  our  correspondent  that  the  postal  arrangements  betwen  this  town  and  the  north  are  exceedingly  defective.—En.  N.  D.  T.l  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE,  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  PRESTON,  SATURDAY.  I  have  been  furnished  with  a  copy  of  a  letter  received  by  the  Operatives'  Association  from  Mr.  Joseph  Hume,  who  replying  to  a  circular  addressed  to  him,  thus  writes  :"
