text
"fnunicipai  election.  ABERCROMBY  WARD.  THOSE  parties  having  claims  against  the  Com Com-1  -1 Com-1  mittee  for  conducting  the  election  of  WILLIAM  EARLF,  Esq.,  are  requested  to  send  the  same  to  Mr.  WILLIAM  HANNAH,  Surgeon,  13,  Itus,sell-street,  for  immediate  pay payment.  ment. payment.  GEORGE  MAXWELL,  Chairman.  Nov.  14,  1853.  •  TO  THE  ELECTORS  QF  ABERCROMBY  WARD.  from  the  unexampled  exertions  which  you  made  on  Saturday  last  to  return  me  to  the  Town  Council  as  your  Representative,  I  am  sure  .it  would  have  been  a  grievous  disappointment  to  you  had  you  not  succeeded  in  your  wishes.  1  may,  therefore,  with  perfect  propriety,  congratulate  you  upon  the  result  of  Your  arduous  struggle.  I  cannot  adequately  express  my  own  feelings  on  the  sub subject.  ject. subject.  It  is  not  that  I  am  elated  with  the  idea  of  finding  my myself  self myself  a  Town  Councillor,  but  I  am  gratified  beyond  measure  at  the  kindness  which  has  been  shown  towards  me  both  in  this  and  in  the  West  Derby  Ward,  not  only  by  so  many  of  my  own  personal  friends,  but  by  a  still  larger  number  of  Electors  whom  I  have  not  the  pleasure  of  kno  amongst  whom'  there  are  no  doubt  many  differing  with  me  in  opinion  on  various  subjects.  By  your  having  elected  me  without  any  solicitation  on  my  part,  you  have  conferred  an  honour  upon  me  of  which  I  may  feel  justly  proud,  and  I  thank  you  most  cordially  for  this  mark  of  esteem.  The  only  return  I  can  make  to  you  your  - STYLE=superscript  kindness,  is  to  pay  strict  attention  to  those  duties  which  you  have  imposed  upon  me,  and  1  beg  to  assure  you  that  it  will  be  my  endeavour  to  discharge  them  with  zeal  and  fidelity  I  . STYLE=superscript  have  the  honor  to  be,  very  respectfully,  Gentlemen,.  ,  Your  faithful  humble  servant,  WILLIAM  EARLE.  -  Abercromby-square,  Nov.  14th,  1853."
