text
"TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  The  Turks  are  concentrating  an  army  of  100,000  men  on  the  frontiers  of  Persia.  The  Persian  and  Ottoman  soldiers  fraternize,  and  large  numbers  of  refugees,  Hungarians  and  Italians,  have  joined  the  The  Mottiteur  states  that,  upon  the  demand  of  the  Ambassadors  of  F'rance  and  Great  Britain,  and  with  the  consent  of  the  Ottoman  government,  two  French  and  two  British  frigates  had  passed  the  Dardanelles  and  anchored  off  Constantinople.  The  Czar  will  remain  three  days  at  Olmutz.  Complaints  of  certain  losses  of  property  ;  which  Austritiff  subjects  have  suffered  on  Turkish  soil  /  are  still  pouriffg  in  upon  the  Austrian  Embassy  at  Constantinople:  The  indemnities  demanded  by  Austrian  subjects  represent  a  very  large  sum.  M.  de  Bruck  has  the  most  energetic  instructions  on  this  subject,  and  the  Divan  may  expect  peremp peremptory  tory peremptory  demands  on  his  part,  which  will  be  even  more  exorbitant  than  the  demands  preferred  by  C  Leininget  The  followin  g  letter  of  the  Constantinople  cot'  respondent  of  the  Times  appears  in  tiiP  second  edition  of  that  journal.  It  is  dated  the  I.stk  inst.  The  Niger  and  the  Tiger,  and  the  French  Mogador,  and  Magellan,  arrived  Yesterday  morning  from  Besika  Bay.  steamers,  i  kjacci  The  day  before  yesterday  the  Mussulman  sacri sacrificial  ficial sacrificial  feast  of  KOUrbal  Bairam  was  ushered  in  by  salvos  of  artillery  from  every  Turkish  man-of man-ofwar,  war, man-ofwar,  and  from  the  different  forts  in  the  Bosphorus.  At  a  very  early  hour  in  the  morning  the  Sultan  issued  from  his  palace  of  Top  Ka  .  pou,  clothed  in  hie  Imperial  costume,  having  on  his  hea.:  l STYLE=superscript  a  fez  richly  ornamented  with  diamonds,  and  surmolinted  by  the  white  plumes  of  the  egret.  He  was  surrounded  by  all  the  dignitaries  of  the  empire,  and  followed  by  every  grade  of  officers,  civil  and  military,  in  their  official  union.  The  cortege  passed  between  files  of  soldiers  to  the  sound  of  military  music,  and  en entered  tered entered  the  mosque  of  Sultan  Ahmet,  After  certain  religious  ceremonies,  the  Sultan  and  his  suite  re returned  turned returned  to  the  Palace,  where  his  Majesty  took  his  seat  on  the  throne.  Each  officer  of  the  empire  within  a  certain  rank  prostrated  himself  to  the  earth  and  kissed  the  foot  of  his  Sovereign,  this  homage  being  due  to  him  as  the  Caliph  and  head  of  Islam.  The  feast  of  the  Kourb  - STYLE=superscript  an  Bairam  continues  four  days,  when  the  whole  of  the  Mussulman  population,  in  their  gayest  dress,  indulge  in  feast feasting  ing feasting  and  merry-making.  At  the  commencement  of  the  feast  the  streets  are  choked  with  thousands  of  sheep  led  by  wild-looking  armed  Turkoman  shep shepherds,  herds, shepherds,  who  bring  them  to  be  sacrificed.  Each  head  of  a  family  is  bound  to  sacrifice  at  least  one,  and.  thousands  are  distributed  to  the  poor  for  this  -  A  The  bearers  of  the  petition  for  war  were  referred  to,  the  Sheik  it  Islam,  who  endeavoured  to  recon reconcile  cile reconcile  the  acts  of  the  Ministry  with  the  precepts  of  the  Koran  ;  with  doubtful  success,  however,  since  simi similar  lar similar  events  recently  occurring  prove  that  there  is  a.  strong  fermentation  in  the  minds  of  the  Mussul Mussulman  man Mussulman  population.  About  two  days  ago  a  deputa deputation  tion deputation  of  Mederess,  or  theological  students  of  a  lower  grade,  waited  on  Rifaat  Pasha,  the  President  of  the  Council,  and  late  Foreign  Minister,  and  in  the  most  energetic  terms  told  him  that  the  peace  party,  of  which  he  is  an  influential  member,  were  betraying  their  country,  and  that  there  were  thousands  of  good  Mussulmans  ready  to  defeat  their  machina machinations  tions machinations  ;  that  they  were  determined  not  to  allow  any  further  negociations  with  infidels,  but  were  pro,  pared  to  march  to  battle.  Having  thus  expressed  their  sentiments,  and  frightened  the  Pasha  ex-  ly,  they  quietly  took  their  departure.  The  other  day  the  police  discovered  a  monster  petition.  going  the  round  of  the  Mussulman  quarters,  and  being  signed  by  people  of  all  classes,  including,  I  am  told,  several  high  officials.  The  petition  was  precisely  of  the  same  nature  as  that  presented  the  other  day  to  the  •  On  his  arrival  at  Moscow,  the  Czar  listened  to_  nn  address  from  the  Metropolitan  Philarates.  The  address  was  to  the  following  effect:—  Most  pious  Lord—The  orthodox  Church  has  at  all  times  beheld  in  you  its  defender,  but  to-day,  your  power  is  revealed  to  it  in  a  far  more  striking  manner.  You  have  arisen  with  the  armies  which  support  the  overwhelming  power  (toute  puissance)  of  the  Imperial  word.  The  terror  which  those  armies  have  spread  among  the  foreign  Powers,  convinces  us  that  your  august  word  aid  your  arms  will  vanquish  the  forces  of  your  enemies,  COLONIAL  CAPE  OF  GOOD  HOPE  By  the  screw  steam-ship  Indiana  we  have  advices  from  Calcutta  to  July  15th  ;  Madras,  July  21st;  Point  de  Galle,  July  20th;  Mauritius,  Aug.  9th;  Cape  of  Good  Hope,  Aug.  20th  ;  St.  Helena,  Aug..  29th;  Ascension,  Sep.  10th;  St.  Vincent's,;Sep.  10th  ;.  Vigo,  Sept.  25th,  which  port  she  was  compelled  to  put  into  for  coals.  The  Indiana  made  ,a  splendid  run  from  the  Cape  to  St.  Vincent's,  and  would  have  arrived  here  some  days  earlier  had  she  not  expe experienced  rienced experienced  a  succession  of  light  weather.  She  is  now,  however,  only  two  days  after  the  Post  Office  time.  The  storm  which  prevailed  along  the  coast  for  several  days  does  not  appear  to  have  extended  south southward.  ward. southward.  The  news  from  the  Cape  continues  of  the  most  satisfactory  character.  The  whole  of  the  na native  tive native  tribes  are  reported  to  be  quiet  and  submissive.  Within  the  colony  every  thing  prospers.  The  want  of  tonnage  was  still  felt  at  the  Mauritius.  The  fluctuation  in  price  of  sugar  was  confined  to  a  shilling  up  or  down  ;  but  unless  50,000  tons  of  shipping  can  be  obtained  between  this  and  the  shipment  of  the  crop  it  will  be  delayed,  and  those  who  cannot  wait  be  compelled  to  sell  at  a  decline.  Even  if  the  required  shipping  is  to  be  had  high  rates  of  freight  must  be  anticipated.  The  Loharre,  iron  vessel,  was  met  by  the  Nina  on  the  13th  of  July,  in  lat.  30  50  S.,  long.  20  14  30  E.,  abandoned;  cargo,  jute,  hides,  and  linseed.  From  papers  found  on  board,  it  appeared  the  vessel  left  South  Shields  in  August  last  year  for  Calcutta,  and  that  she  left  the  latter  port  in  February  or  March  last.  There  was  no  date  on  the  log  slate  after  the  24th  of  June.  The  captain  of  the  Nina  stated  he  could  do  nothing  with  the  vessel,  as  he  had  hardly  hands  enough  for  his  own.  _  _  The  Meander,  Commodore  Talbot,  the  Dart,  brigantine,  Lieutenant  R.  Deane,  and  the  Hydra,  Commander  Morris,  were  in  Simons  Bay.  7he  Dee,  steam-troop,  Lieutenant  Commander  Smith,  sailed  ou  the  2d  of  August,  for  the  Mauritius.  AUSTRIA  The  Emperor,  on  his  return  from  the  conferences  Olmutz,  would  proceed  to  Ischl,  in  the  early  part  of  October.  The  Earl  of  Westmoreland  was  to  leave  Vienna  on  the  23rd,  for  Olmutz,  and  M.  de  Bourqueney,  the  French  Ambassedor,  at  the  end  of  the  week.  A  letter  from  Bucharest,  of  the  13th,  in  the  Press,  of  Vienna,  says.  :  _  _  The  Ost  Deutsche  Post  states  that  the  trial  of  is  moveable  telegraph  has  been  made  at  Olmutz-  Batteries  placed  in  carriages,  having  the  form  of  mnibuses,  and  wires  covere  d  with  gutta  percha,  place  the  Emperor's  tent  in  communication  with  all  the  commanders  of  corps,  and  through  Ohnuti  with  Vienna."
