text
"COUNTY  COURT.--YESTERDA.Y.  (Before  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ.,  JUDGE.)  The  Court  sat  at  ten  o'clock  yesterday.  EDWARDS  v.  ROWLAND.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  the  plaintiff,  who  is  a  butcher,  in  Scotland-road,  to  recover  £1  10s.  the  value  of  a  shawl,  which  was  pledged  on  the  10th  of  June  last  with  the  defendant,  who  is  a  pawnbroker.  It  appeared  that  on  the  29th  of  November,  the  shawl  was  re redeemed,  deemed, redeemed,  when  it  was  found  to  be  full  of  holes,  and  the  ac action  tion action  was  accordingly  brought  to  recover  the  entire  value  of  it.  On  the  part  of  the  defence,  it  was  alleged  that  all  due  precaution  had  been  taken  to  preserve  the  property,  and  that  therefore,  the  defendant  was  was  not  responsible  for  it.  His  Honor  examined  the  shawl,  and  said  that  the  holes  appeared  to  have  been  caused  by  some  acid.  The  case  was  there therefore  fore therefore  adjourned  for  the  ',production  of  evidence  upon  that  point.  RADFORD  V.  REAsox.=  - STYLE=superscript  This  - STYLE=superscript  was  an  action  brought  by  Mr.  Daniel  Radford,  as  treasurer  of  the  Saint  Martin's  church  schools,  to  recover  1  4s.  from  Mr.  Thomas  Reason,  for  two  quarters'  tuition  of  his  son  at  those  schools.  His  HoNon  :  I  cannot  see  what  right  you  have  to  mis.  PLAINTIFF  :  I  am  treasurer  of  the  schools.  His  HONOR  :  Ido  not  know  that  that  gives  you  any  right  to  sue.  These  schools  are  not  under  any  act  of  parliament.  The  master  may  have  a  right  to  sue.  To  whom  are  the  pay payments  ments payments  made  ?  PLAINTIFF  :  To  the  master.  .  His  HONOR  :  Is  there  any  evidence  of  a  contract  made  between  you,  as  treasurer  of  those  schools,  and  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  ?  PLAINTIFF  :  I  do  not  think  there  is  :  His  HoNon  :  What  are  your  duties  ?  PLAINTIFF  :  My  duties  are  to  collect  the  subscriptions.  His  HONOR  :  Collect  the  subscriptions  from  whom  ?  PLAINTIFF  :  From  the  parties  who  subscribe  in  aid  of  the  schools.  This  is  a  commercial  school,  which  is  just  the  same  as  any  other  commercial  school.  His  HONOR  :  Does  the  schoolmaster  hand  over  any  ba balance  lance balance  to  you?  PLAINTLev  :  He  does  not.  His  HoNon  :  I  do  not  see  any  possibility  of  sustaining  the  action  in  this  matter.  _  _  _  --  -  A  pupil  teacher  of  the  school  was  examined,  and  deposed  that  defendant's  son  was  at  the  school  for  two  years,  and  that  he  had  paid  all  except  two  quarters,  at  12s.  a  quarter.  Never  was  present  when  defendant  was  applied  to  for  pay payment.  ment. payment.  The  master  who  taught  when  defendant's  son  was  at  school  was  named  Davis;  he  had  since  left  the  school,  and  gone  to  Gloucestershire.  His  HONOR  :  Mr.  Radford,  it  is  clear  that  the  action  must  be  brought  in  the  name  of  the  master.  There  is  no  contract  shown  by  you  at  all.  It  is  an  action  on  a  contract,  which  means  if  you  teach  my  child  I  will  give  you  12s.  a  quarter.  You  never  made  any  contract  with  the  child's  father.  I  cannot  give  you  a  verdict  to-day,  but  I  will  grant  you  a  new  summons  in  the  name  of  the  master,  and  upon  the  evidence  you  will  be  entitled  to  a  verdict.  BRANDRESS  v.  CorrlEß.—This  was  an  action  for  rent,  and  the  defence  was  that  defendant  had  tendered  the  money,  provided  he  got  a  stamped  receipt,  which  plaintiff  refused  to  give.  His  HONOR  explained  that  the  receipt  having  been  re refused  fused refused  was  not  a  defence  for  non-payment  of  the  money.  But  if  a  man  paid  money  to  another,  and  required  a  receipt,  he  had  a  right,  after  paying  the  money,  to  take  a  receipt  with  a  stamp  on  it,  and  require  the  person  to  whom  the  money  was  paid  to  sign  it  then  and  there,  and  require  him  to  pay  for  the  receipt,  and  if  the  party  did  not  do  so  he  was  liable  to  a  penalty  of  £lO.  In  all  cases,  where  the  sum  of  money  due  amounted  to  £2  and  upwards,  a  receipt  might  be  de demanded•  manded• demanded•  after  the  money  was  paid,  and  if  the  party  refused  to  sign  the  receipt  and  pay  for  the  stamp,  he  was  liable  to  that  penalty.  His  Honor  impressed  this  point  upon  the  defendant,  as  it  was  one  upon  which,  he  said,  considerable  misapprehension  existed  in  the  minds  of  many  persons.  TILE  PRESTON  STRISE-MEETING  OF  LONDON  DELEGATES.  On  Thursday  night  delegates  from  various  trades  in  the  metropolis  met  again  at  the  Bell-inn,  Old  Bailey,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  steps  to  render  effectual  aid  to  the  Preston  operatives  now  on  strike  ;  Mr.  Green,  of  the  na national  tional national  association  of  united  trades,  being  in  the  chair.  Mr.  GREENHOUGH,  delegate  from  the  spinners  at  Preston,  handed  in  a  report  of  a  meeting  of  delegates  held  at  Preston  on  the  11th  inst.,  addressed  the  handmule  spinners,  self selfacting  acting selfacting  winders,  twiners  and  rovers  of  Lancashire,  Cheshire,  Yorkshire,  and  at  which  thirty-five  delegates  attended  from  twenty-five  districts.  _  _  The  .L  l STYLE=superscript  %stance  of  this  report  has  already  appeared  in  the  NORTHERN  Dial.,  TIMES.  Statements  were  made  to  show  that  the  Preston  hands  we..  worse  paid  than  those  elsewhere,  and  that  the  proceedings  of  the  Mitzt.'S  had  been  arbitrary.  It  was  also  stated  that  the  smaller  masters  or  Proutnn  would  agree  to  the  operati  res'  terms.  Among  the  subscriptions  announced  were  £25  from  the  carvers  and  gilders,  £lO  from  the  coach  wheelwrights,  £lO  from  the  goldbeaters,  and  £lO  from  the  finishing  carpenters.  Many  sums  of  smaller  amount  were  particularised,  but  no  statement  was  made  as  to  the  aggregate  pecuniary  result  of  the  week's  agitation.  COURT  OF  CHANCERY.-THURSDAY.  BEFORE.  THE  LORD  CHANCELLOR  AND  THE  LORD  JUSTICE  TURNER.  Ex  parte  Neilson  in  re  Edmond,  Bankrupts.—The  argu arguments  ments arguments  in  this  case  have  already  appeared  in  our  paper.  The  Lord  Chancellor  gave  judgment  on  the  appeal.  The  question  raised  by  the  petitioner  was  whether  the  Messrs.  Neilson,  sharebrokero,  in  Liverpool,  could  sustain  a  sale  in  the  market  of  scrip  in  an  insurance  company,  when  the  sub subscriber  scriber subscriber  of  the  scrip  had  not  made  himself  a  member  by  ex executing  ecuting executing  the  deed  of  settlement.  The  consideration  which  his  lordship  had  felt  bound  to  give  the  case  since  Tuesday  had  not  altered  an  impression  he  entertained  from  the  very  first,  that  there  was  no  difference  between  law  and  equity  in  the  principle  which  ought  to  decide  it.  The  legislature,  in  his  view  of  the  construction  of  the  case,  appeared  to  have  made  it  imperative  that  the  person  selling  such  shares  should  have  subscribed  the  deed  of  settlement.  It  was  said  that  there  was  much  obscurity  in  the  language  of  the  act,  and  some  confusion  in  the  use  of  the  words  shareholder  and  sub subscriber.  scriber. subscriber.  His  lordship  admitted  that  there  was  some  in inappropriateness  appropriateness inappropriateness  in  the  use  of  terms,  and  that  in  some  parts  the  act  was  worded,  he  might  say,  incautiously  ;  but  in  the  latter  part  of  the  26th  section,  which  especially  ap applied  plied applied  to  the  case,  there  could  be  no  doubt,  for  it  says  that  until  such  joint  stock  company  shall  have  obtained  a  certificate  of  complete  registration,  and  until  any  such  subscriber  or  person  shall  have  been  duly  registered  as  a  shareholder  in  the  said  registry  office,  it  shall  not  be  lawful  for  such  person  to  dispose  by  sale  or  mortgage  of  such  share,  or  of  any  interest  therein  ;  and  that  every  contract  for  sale  or  disposal  of  such  share  or  interest  shall  be  void,  and  that  every  person  entering  into  such  contract  shall  forfeit  a  sum  not  exceeding  L  Here  there  was  no  ambiguity  whatever,  for  it  appeared  plain  that  the  legislature  thought  such  contracts  injurious  to  trade,  and  it  therefore  not  only  declared  them  void,  but  sub subjected  jected subjected  those  who  entered  into  them  to  a  penalty.  The  court  was  bound  to  give  effect  to  the  policy  of  a  law  so  plainly  enunciated.  Whether  the  petitioners  could  enforce  their  claim  by  an  action  at  law,  or  whether  they  could  succeed  in  their  proof  against  the  bankrupt's  estate  for  the  damage  they  sustained,  were  questions  it  was  unnecessary  for  his  lordship  to  enter  on.  The  brokers  could  have  no  better  right  than  the  principal  who  employed  them  to  sell  the  scrip.  He  had  no  nght  to  sell  the  shares  until  he  executed  the  deed,  and  in  this  view  of  the  case  his  lordship  thought  the  appeal  must  be  dismissed,  and  with  costs.  The  Lord  Justice  Turner  concurred.  In  his  opinion  the  view  the  court  took  of  the  particular  case  before  it  was  in  harmony  with  the  whole  policy  of  the  act.  The  legislature  plainly  intended  that  the  public  should  know  who  were  the  partners  in  a  company  before  any  dealing  was  permitted  in  its  shares.  That  was  the  object  of  the  26th  section,  and  the  judgment  of  the  Vice-Chancellor  was  perfectly  right.  Appeal  dismissed  with  costs.  William  Bedmead,  a  travelling  clerk  to  Messrs.  Russell  and  Co.,  corn  merchants,  King-street,  borough,  London,  is  committed  for  trial  for  embezzlement.  An  explosion  of  fire  damp  occurred  a  few  days  since,  in  a  pit  on  the  side  of  the  Forth  and  Clyde  canal,  by  which  three  men  were  suffocated;  two  are  not  expected  to  survive,  and  four  others  are  more  or,less  injured.  THE  HOLIDAY.  —The  London  tradesmen  have  very  gene generally  rally generally  given  notice  that  they  will  not  open  their  shops  on  the  26th  instant.  BANE  OF  ENGLAND.  —The  quarterly  meeting  of  the  proprietors  of  the  Bank  of  England  was  held  on.  Thursday;  Mr.  J.  G.  Hubbard,  governor,  in  the  chair.  There  was  no  business  before  them,  and  after  reading  and  confirming  the  minutes  of  the  last  meeting,  the  court  adjourned.  Giovanni  Dominic  Bonovino,  an  Italian,  met  his  death  in  London  a  few  days  since,  in  a  scuffle  with  an  Irishman,  named  Eames.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  by  ComasioN  ON  THE  GREAT  NORTHERN  RAILWAY.  --A  col collision  lision collision  took  place  on  this  line  on  Thursday,  at  Stoke,  six  miles  south  of  Granth  am  .  Th  e  co  lli  s  i  on  occur  red  half-way  through  a  tunnel,  and  appears  to  have  been  caused  by  the  carelessness  of  the  driver.  Several  carriages  were  broken,  and  one  mau  injured,  but  not  fatally.  A  ship's  crew  from  Whitby  very  narrowly  escaped  death  during  the  late  fogs  caused  by  the  spontaneous  combustion  of  the  coal  on  board.  SHOPLIFTING  EXTRAORDINARY.—Mrs.  Bathia  Webb,  of  Great  Bentley,  and  Miss  Elizabeth  Holby,  of  Thorp-le-  Socken,  Colchester,  respectably  dressed  and  connected  per perpersons,  persons, perpersons,  and  sisters,  were  on  Saturday  placed  at  the  bar,  charged  with  committing  a  series  of  robberies—of  veils,  stockings,  hankerchiefs,  ribbons,  &amp;c.,—from  tradesmen's  shops.  Several  cases  were  deposed  to  by  the  shopkeepers  and  their  assistants,  and  Many  of  the  articles  taken  were  pro produced  duced produced  by  the  policeman,  who  found  them  at  the  prisoners'  lodgings.  It  appeared  that,  on  seeing  the  things  discovered  in  the  hands  of  the  policeman  Mrs.  Webb  declarid  she  was  innocent  of  the  thefts,  and  Miss  Holby  said,  alone  am  guilty,  I  alone  a  m  r  esponsible--rny  sister  knows  nothing  about  The  prisoners  were  remanded  to  Thursday,  to  complete  the  depositions,  and  bail  was  refused.—Eastern  Counties  Herald."
