text
"THE  COURT  WINDSOR,  JAN.  18.—The  Duchess  and  Princess  Mary  of  Cambridge,  and  the  Maharajah  Duleep  Singh  took  leave  of  11,  , STYLE=superscript  r  Majesty  this  morning,  and  left  the  Castle,  attended  by  Major  Purees  and  Sir  John  Login.  The  Marquis  of  Abercorn  and  Lady  Louisa  Hamilton,  the  Marquis  of  Lansdowne,  the  Earl  and  Countess  of  Shel Shelburne,  burne, Shelburne,  Lord  and  Lady  Colville,  and  Lord  Ashburton,  have  also  taken  their  departures.  SATURDAY,  JAN.  19.—The  unfavourable  weather  this  morning  prevented  her  Majesty  and  Prince  Albert  tak taking  ing taking  their  usual  early  walk  in  the  Home  Park.  .His  Royal  Highness  the  Count  of  Flanders,  attended  by  his  equerry  in  waiting,  returned  to  the  castle  yesterday  from  London,  after  visiting  Blackwall,  and  accompanied  he  r  Majesty  and  Prince  Albert  last  evening  to  Frogmore  House,  to  dine  with  her  Royal  Highness  the  Duchess  of  Kent.  Her  Majesty,  the  Prince,  the  Count  of  Flanders.  and  the  ladies  and  gentlemen  of  the  household,  after afterwards  wards afterwards  remained  for  the  musical  entertainment.  Lord  Palmerston  arrived  at  the  castle  this  afternoon  from  London,  on  a  visit  to  the  Queen.  His  lordship  will  be  the  guest  of  her  Majesty  until  Monday.  Their  Royal  Highnesses  le  Due  and  la  Duchesse  d'Aumale  paid  a  visit  to  the  Queen.  The  party  at  dinner  at  the  castle  this  evening  will  comprise  her  Royal  Highness  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  his  Royal  Highness  the  Count  of  Flanders,  Lady  Churchill,  (Lady  in  Waiting),  Viscount  Palmerston,  the  Hon.  Misses  Cathcart  and  Seymour,  Lord  Byron,  the  Hon.  Mortimer  Sackville  West,  Lord  Charles  Fitzroy,  and  Colonel  Seymour.  CABINET  CooNcm.—Summonses  were  issued  on  Sat Saturday,  urday, Saturday,  appointing  a  Cabinet  Council  to  be  held  on  Wednesday  next,  at  the  Foreign  Office,  Downing-street.  Earl  Granville,  a  ho,  with  his  countess,  is  at  present  at  Trentham  Hall,  Staffordshire,  on  a  visit  to  the  Duke  and  Duchess  of  Sutherland,  returns  to  London  in  the  beginning  of  the  week.  The  other  members  of  the  Cabinet  are  in  town.  Lord  Panmure  has  been  unable  to  attend  the  Cabinet  Councils  held  during  the  past  week,  but  we  are  happy  to  state,  on  Saturday,  a  change  for  the  better  c)ok  place,  and  the  attack  of  gout,  from  which  the  Minister  for  War  has  suffered  so  severely  for  the  last  ten  days,  was  decidedly  mitigated.  ST.  ANNE'S  DISPENSARY  AND  EYE  AND  EAR  INSTITUT:ON,  9,  Rose-hill.  —New  Patients  entered  on  the  books  last  week,  January  19  viz.  ,  :—Relieved  at  the  institution,  141  ;  relieved  212.  Visitors  X.THS  AT  BIRKENHEAD.—On  Saturday  an  a  man,  named  James  flop  street  off  St.  Ann's  street  y  the  visitation  of  Is°,  on  the  body  of  Catherine  Heyes,  who  also  nly.  In  this  case  the  inquest  was  adjourned  to  await  a  post  moriem  examination  of  the  body.  MILITARY  APP  O STYLE=superscript  INTAIRNTS.—The  London  Gazette  of  Friday  publishes  the  following  :—The  Earl  of  Chester's  .ugiment  tor  Ycviumuly  o.velry.—The  Iron.  John  Byrne  Leicester  Warren  to  be  Cornet.  2nd  regiment  of  Royal  Cheshire  Militia.—Joseph  Dalway  Barnes,  Gent.,  to  be  Ensign.  3rd  regiment  of  the  Duke  of  Lancaster's  Own  Militia.--William  Henry  White,  Gent.,  to  be  Ensign,  vice  Sheals,  promoted.  OSWESTRY  and  NEWTON  RAILWAY.—This  company  has  just  appointed  a  secretary,  after  some  delay,  in  consequence  of  the  great  number  of  applications  for  the  post.  No  less  than  106  gentlemen  sent  in  testimonials,  many  of  them  of  a  high  character.  Of  this  number  a  committee  of  the  directors  selected  six,  and  finally  elected  Mr.  Richard  Stephens,  of  the  Liverpool  and  Southport  Railway,  to  the  office  THE  THOHAS-STREET  R  XGGED-SCHOOLS.—On  Friday  evening  last  the  children  in  attendance  in  the  infant  ragged raggedschool  school raggedschool  in  Thomas  street,  were  regaled  with  tea  and  buns,  in  celebration  of  the  Christmas  festival.  The  children,  who  looked  remarkably  clean  and  happy,  and  who  seemed  to  enjoy  themselves  to  the  fullest  extent.  were  exemln.a  their  educational  progress,  and  the  result  factory  to  t  )  were  present  on  the  interesting'  c  UNEXPECTED  Tair.—On  the  last  voyage  of  the  Pacific  ±  )ort  to  New  York,  her  pilot,  Mr.  Joh  n  Ch  r  i  s  ti  e  ,  .coidably  t  a  k  en  on  to  ? STYLE=superscript  New  York,  whence  he  returned  d  same  steamer.  During  the  voyage  Mr.  Christie,  by  gentlemanly  conduct,  won  the  esteem  and  approbation  Captain  Eldridge  and  the  whole  of  the  passengers.  While  in  New  York,  he  was  sumptuously  entertained  at  Astor  House,  by  Messrs.  Coleman  and  Stetson.  and  the  New  York  pilots  vied  with  each  other  in  showing  him  every  attention,  from  this  LIVERPOOL  ROYAL  INPIRMARY.—Week  ending  19th  of  January,  1856.—Admitted:  In-patients,  31;  out-patients,.  3;  casuals  during  the  week,  4.  Discharged.  In-patients  •  Cured,  14  ;  relieve  d,  and  at  own  request,  5  ;  made  nut  patients,  3;  irregular,  8  ;  dead,  2.  Remain  in  the  house,  171.  House  visitors  :  Charles  Freer  and  R.  J.  Tinby,  F.sqrs.  Physician  and  surgeon  for  the  ensuing  week  :  Dr.  Vose  and  Mr.  Halton.  House  surgeon  Mr.  G.  H.  Hal Halford.  ford. Halford.  Junior  house  surgeon:  Mr.  Cecil  Webster.  Chaplain  :  Rev.  H.  J.  Garrod,  B.A.  Robert  Hutchison,  treasnrpr,  THE  KIRIEDALE  CHAIRMANSHIP.  —We  are  authorised  to  state  that,  on  Saturday  last,  Mr.  Pollock  made  a  commu communication  nication communication  to  Mr.  J.  A.  Tinne  and  Mr.  W.  Earle,  as  the  gentlemen  who  had  proposed  and  seconded  his  nomination  for  the  above  office,  stating  that  though  he  had  felt  bound,  at  the  request  of  a  large  numher  of  gentlemen  (ineludirm  the  deputation  who  !rafted  on  Sir  Thomas  Birch),  and  from  a  sense  of  public  duty,  to  attend  at  the  sessions,  which  had  then  just  ended,  he  was  compelled  to  request  that  his  name  might  be  withdrawn  from  the  future  con consjderatjpn  sjderatjpn consjderatjpn  of  the  magistrates.  Mr.  Pollock  added  that  he  could  not  now,  even  if  it  were  offered  to  him,  accept  the  cm  ce.  JENNY  LIND  AND  THE  WORKING  MEN  OP  LIVERPOOL.—  We  are  informed  that  the  arrangements  for  a  concert  to  be  given  by  Jenny  Lind,  to.  the  working  men  of  Liverpool,  are  not  in  such  a  forward  state  as  might  have  been  inferred  from  our  parAgranh  on  Saturday.  The  whole  of  the  details  are  not  yet  fully  arranged,  but  we  have  no  doubt  that  the  Swedish  nightingale  will  show  her  accustomed  good  -nature  in  the  matter,  and  that  we  shall  shortly  be  enabled  to  announce  the  completion  of  negociations.  In  reference  to  the  subject,  we  have  received  a  lung  communication,  calling  in  question  the  accuracy  of  the  statements  IVO  published  on  Saturday.  That  statement  was  based  upon  information  derived  from  most  trustworthy  sources,  and  we  have  every  vo,linrynes  ;n  ;tem  .  t  psts;—On  the  body  of  Geo  rge  H  o  l  l  id  ay  ;  the  been  employei  for  some  years  about  the  mats,  and  resided  in  a  court  off  lernby lernbyri  ri lernbyri  lately  been  in  ill  health,  and  safferei  much  .ht  he  died  suddenly  .erdict—  _se  body  of  a  child  named  It'Gann,  aged  two  years,  who  was  scalded  by  some  broth  an  Thursday,  and  died  from  the  effects  of  the  injuries  Verdict,  accidental  death.—On  the  body  of  Mary  Jackson  Red  41,  the  wife  of  a  carpenter,  residing  at  N  Simpson  -street  of  nat  -On  ti  the  deceased  had  been  much  addicted  to  drinking,  and  frequently  remained  ont  all  night.  ,On  Sunday  morning  she  came  home  drunk,  and  while  in  that  state  ft  appeared  she  fell  down  stairs,  and  died  from  the  effects  of  the  injuries.  Verdict  ?  accidental  death.  Basra  COIN  /kJ'  BiRKENITE4D  —On  Saturday  a  young  woman,  who  stated  her  name  to  be  Matilda  Derkin,  was  charged  with  passing  base  coin,  and  in  such  a  systematic  manner,  as  .will  show  that  she  is  no  mean  adept  at  the  pro profession.  fession. profession.  On  the  previous  evening  she  went  to  the  shop  of  Mr.  Bentley,  No.  41,  Argyle-street,  under  the  pret  nce  of  a  pair  tins  it  to  b  a  request,  and  left  the  shop.  In  a  short  tim  had  •h  ted  et  ke  it  to  the  s  found  fol  when  s  he  was  to"
