text
"POLICE  COURT.  Y  ESTERDAY.  THE  RECEIVERS  OF  STOLEN  PROPERTY.—A  licensed  marine  store  dealer,  named  Burke,  and  a  femaleOwere  brought  up  by  the  police  on  a  charged  receiving  property,  knowing  it  to  have  been  stolen.  As  the  owner  of  the  property  conld  not  be  discovered,  the  prisoners  were  discharged,  Mr.  Holme,  observing  that  he  feared  there  were  too  many  of  the  licensed  brokers  who  knowingly  received  stolen  property,  and  as  one  of  the  persons  who  had  the  granting  of  these  licenses,  he  should,  certainly,  stop  the  defendants  at  the  next  meeting,  and  that  might  be  a  warning  to  others.  ILLEGAL  PAWNING.—Fanny  liPlvett  was  committed  for  21  days  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  silver  spoon,  and  illegally  pawning  the  same,  she  being  an  old  offender.  CHARGE  OF  ROBBING  THE  BANK.—The  lad,  Joseph  Price,  who  was  yesterday  remanded  on  a  charge  of  stealing  some  money,  was  discharged,  his  employers  not  appearing  to  press  the  charge,  after  a  severe  admonition  from  the  magistrates.  ROBBERIES  BY  PROSTITUTES.—Betty  Davis  was  committed  for  two  months  for  robbing  Joseph  Williams  of  a  pulse  and  255.  in  Whitechapel.  .Elizabeth  Flinn,  another  prostitute,  and  a  notorious  thief,  was  charged  with  robbing,a  sailor  of  £8  75.,  at  a  brothel  in  Preston-street.  The  complainant  went  with  the  defendant  to  her  house  on  Wednesday  night,  and  early  on  the  following  morning  he  found  his  money  gone.  The  purse  was  found,  in  which  was  a  five•pound  note,  which  had  evidently  being  over overlooked  looked overlooked  by  the  prisoner.  She  being  an  old  offender,  and  her  husband  being  also  well  known  to  the  police,  was  committed  for  three  months,  the  prosecutor  not  being  able  to  remain  in  Liverpool,  or  she  would  have  been  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  Ann  Lynn  was  also  committed  for  three  months,  for  steal stealing  ing stealing  £l3  from  a  sailor,  named  William  Desmond,  who  had  accompanied  her  home.  The  magistrate,  in  this  case,  also  re regretted  gretted regretted  that  the  sailor  could  not  remain  in  town  that  he  might  have  sent  her  to  a  higher  tribunal,  that  she  might  have  been  sent  out  of  the  country,  she  being  a  notorious  thief  and  pros•  titute.  Eliza  Smith,  a  prostitute,  was  committed  for  two  months,  for  stealing  a  watch  from  a  person  named  Foster  Parry,  who  had  accompanied  her  home  o:1  the  preceding  night,  and  the  next  morning  found  himself  without  his  coat  or  watch.  The  coat  was  returned  to  him  by  paying  a  sovereign,  but  the  watch  was  pawned  at  a  shop  in  the  Vauxhall-road,  the  ticket  of  which  was  politely  handed  to  him,  upon  which  he  impolitely  gave  the  prisoner  in  charge.  A  GANG  OF  SHOP-LIFTERS.—Michael  Fenna,  John  Sul Sullivan,  livan, Sullivan,  Catharine  M'Carthy,  Elizabeth  Mason,  and  Julia  _trodden,  a  gang  of  most  deplorable  looking  objects,  and  whose  appearance  would  naturally  excite  pity,  were  charged  with  rob robbing  bing robbing  a  number  of  provision  warehouses.  From  the  evidence  of  detective-officer  Russell,  it  appeared  that  he  met  the  prison prisoners  ers prisoners  the  previous  day  in  Renshaw•street,  and  entertaining  some  doubts  as  to  their  honest  intentions,  he  watched  their  move movements,  ments, movements,  when  he  saw  some  of  the  parties  enter  several  provision  shops,  while  the  others  kept  on  the  watch  outside,  and  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  apprehended,  and  took  from  them,  some  butter,  pork,  and  sugar.  Mr.  Wright,  8,  Northumberland  -street,  identified  the  butter  as  his  property;  they  were  each  committed  for  three  months'  imprisonment.  Mr.  Bluck  attended  for  the  prisoners,  but  the  facts  of  the  case  were  too  glaring  to  be  denied.  ROBBING  AN  EMPLOYER.  —Two  lads  named  Johnson  and  Turner,  were  charged  with  stealing  a  pound  and  a  half  of  tobacco,  the  property  of  Mr.  M'Millen,  tobacco  and  snuff  manufacturer,  Surrey  -street.  The  prisoner  Turner  was  an  errand  boy  in  the  employ  of  the  complainant.  On  the  previous  evening  ho  was  sent  with  321bs.  of  tobacco  to  Frederick-street,  but  as  it  was  suspected  that  he  had  previously  been  guilty  of  abstracting  goods  from  the  parcels  instrusted  to  his  care,  the  foreman  followed  him.  Shortly  after  he  left  the  premises  he  was  joined  by  the  other  prisoner,  when  they  went  into  back  Frederick-street,  an  unfrequented  locality,  and  took  .  from  the  parcel  a  pound  and  a  half  of  tobacco,  which  was  found  upon  them.  The  prisoners  were  remanded  for  a  week  to  enable  the  officer  to  inquire  into  their  previous  conduct.  PUBLICANS'  CASKS.  Joseph  Allen,  keeper  of  a  pub  lic STYLE=superscript  house, STYLE=superscript  Re STYLE=superscript  g  ent-ro STYLE=superscript  ad  , STYLE=superscript  Was  summoned  for  a  violation  of  the  a  ct, STYLE=superscript  on STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  4th STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  this STYLE=superscript  month.  f  T  en  hi  d  s  an  w  t  a  .  s  an  adjourned  case.  Mr.  Dodd STYLE=superscript  a STYLE=superscript  pp  eare STYLE=superscript  d  for  the  de-  Police-officer  Wilson,  165,  stated  that  at  half  past  el  even  on  tgtoedt,o  and  in  about  three  minutes  afterwards STYLE=superscript  he STYLE=superscript  went STYLE=superscript  to STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  house STYLE=superscript  .  Re  a  th  n  e  t  a  4  n  t  d  h)  kn  h  nn  e  k.  saw  n  s  t  o  e  m  y  e  we  p  r  e  e  rs  a  o  d  n  m  s  i  S  i  n  u  n  n  a  d  e  a  a  v  f  remained  at  the  doo  r STYLE=superscript  for STYLE=superscript  about STYLE=superscript  two STYLE=superscript  minutes, STYLE=superscript  w  he STYLE=superscript  n  it  was  m STYLE=superscript  th  o STYLE=superscript  e  rn STYLE=superscript  d  i STYLE=superscript  e  n STYLE=superscript  f  g STYLE=superscript  end  ( STYLE=superscript  opened,  and  on  his  going  in  he  saw  the  men  coming  from  the  counter.  He  also  saw  wet  glasses  turned  upside  down,  and  on  examining  two  of  the  glasses  ho  found  that  they  had  contained  whiskey.  Cross-examined  :  There  was  sufficient  in  the  glasses  to  taste.  They  were  placed  on  a  drainer.  There  is  a  large  yard  belong belonging  ing belonging  to  the  premises,  which  is  let  to  Mr.  John  Wilson  Green,  shipbuilder.  I  know  that  one  of  the  men  who  wont  into  the  house  is  not  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Green.  When  I  went  to  the  door  I  did  not  knock,  but  when  it  was  opened  for  the  men  to  come  out  I  entered.  Inspector  Skirmer  corroborated  the  evidence  of  Wilson  Mr.  Dodd  said  that  as  to  the  entering  of  the  men  into  the  house  he  did  not  mean  to  deny.  but  he  would  prove  that  they  had  obtained  ...toussion,  not  for  the  purpose  of  getting  drink,  but  to  go  to  the  yard  of  Mr.  Green,  in  whose  employment  they  were.  He  might,  however,  remark  that  the  defendant  had  the  present  house  for  three  years,  having  previously  kept  one  in  Great  Hovvard-street  for  five  years,  and  during  that  time  not  a  single  complaint  had  been  made  against  him.  The  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  under  which  the  present  charge  arose  were  very  simple.  As  the  officer  had  stated,  the  yard  to  the  house  was  let  to  Mr.  Wilson  Green,  who  was  surveyor  to  the  board  of  trade,  and  extensively  engaged  in  shipbuilding.  His  men  had  frequently  to  go  to  the  yard  on  business  on  Sundays,  but  as  the  gate  to  it  from  ,the  street  was  always  locked  on  that  day,  the  defendant  permitted  them  to  pass  through  his  house  to  it.  Ac Accordingly  cordingly Accordingly  on  Sunday,  the  4th,  six  men  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Green  came  to  the  house,  and  on  being  admitted  passed  right  through  to  the  yard.  The  other,  the  seventh  man,  was  a  dock  gateman,  who  came  to  inquire  after  Mrs.  Allen,  who  was  ill  in  bed,  and  it  would  be  sworn  to  in  evidence  that  neither  he  nor  any  of  the  other  men  had  taken  any  drink  whatever  in  the  house.  Mary  Butler,  barmaid  to  Mr.  Allen,  examined  .  On  the  morning  of  Sunday,  the  4th,  six  men  in  the  em employment  ployment employment  of  Mr.  Green,  knocked  at  the  door  between  11  and  12  o'clock,  and  were  admitted.  They  passed  right  through  to  the  yards  and  in  a  few  minutes  returned,  and  passed  again  through  the  shop.  They  drank  nothing.  The  seventh  party  who  called,  was  a  dock  gateman,  named  John  Gray.  He  called  to  inquire  after  Mrs.  Allen,  who  was  ill  in  bed.  He  drank  nothing.  Ellis  Edwards  examined.  Is  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Green.  Keeps  the  key  of  the  gate  to  the  yard.  He  opens  it  sometimes  for  the  men  on  Sundays,  but  when  he  does  not,  they  get  to  it  through  Mr.  Allen's  shop.  He  did  not  open  the  gate  oni  Sunday,  the  4th.  Mr.  Dodd  said,  that  were  it  not  then  high  water,  Gray  would  have  been  in  attendance  to  drove  that  he  drank  nothing.  Mr.  Green  was  also  in  attendance,  but  his  business  would  not  permit  him  to  stay.  However,  he  could  only  prove  what  Edwards  had  proved.  inspector  Skirmer  observed  that  there  was  a  constable  then  present  who  would  prove  that  three  of  the  six  men  alleged  to  be  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Green,  were,  on  the  contrary,  firemen  on  board  a  Newry  steamer.  The  magistrate  said  that  it  had  been  proved  that  seven  glasses  were  found  wet,  and  smelling  of  spirits,  and  besides  it  had  not  been  shown  that  the  men  had  any  business  whatso whatsoever  ever whatsoever  that  required  their  presence  at  the  yard.  The  defendant  should  therefore  be  fined  in  I  Os.  and  costs.  John  Garstage,  keeper  of  a  public-house  in  Limekiln-lane,  was  summoned  for  a  violation  of  the  act  on  last  Sunday  morning.  Police-officer  Wilson  said  that  on  Sunday  morning,  at  twenty  minutes  to  nine,  he  saw  two  men  admitted  through  the  back  door  of  the  defendant's  house.  They  remained  there  for  abojit  two  minutes,  and  on  entering  the  house  he  found  two  measures  containing  whiskey.  The  defendant  stated  that  he  was  not  at  home  at  the  time,  and  he  therefore  could  not  swear  that  the  men  had  not  been  supplied  with  drink.  But  it  was  his  servant,  who  was  very  young  and  ignorant,  that  they  forced  to  admit  them.  He  was  fined  10s  and  costs  ;  the  magistrate,  however,  observ observing  ing observing  that  the  fine,  though  recorded,  should  not  operate  against  him.  Mary  Walsh  Lysaught,  beerseller,  Portland-street,  was  summoned  for  a  violation  of  the  act  on  last  Sunday.  The  officer  stated  that  at  half-past  nine  o'clock,  on  Sunday  morning,  he  saw  four  men  admitted  into  the  defendant's  house,  and  on  entering  he  found  them  drinking  half-a•gallon  of  warm  ale.  The  officer  (Wilson)  further  stated  that  the  father  of  the  defendant  had  lost  the  license  of  the  present  house.  The  license  was  then  taken  out  by  his  daughter,  against  whom  firms  to  the  amount  of  501.  were  recorded,  and  it  was  now  in  the  name  of  the  defendant.  Mr.  Owen  appeared  for  the  defendant  and  said  that  he  did  not  deny  that  the  men  had  got  the  ale;  but  it  was  given  them  under  circumstances  which  would  excuse  the  act.  George  Lysaught,  son  of  the  defendant,  was  then  sworn,  and  lie  stated  that  the  men  lodged  at  his  mother's  house,  and  they  having  procured  for  him  employment,  his  mother  asked  them  on  the  Sunday  to  take  the  ale.  The  summons  was  dismissed.  James  Groves  beer-seller,  St.  Martin-street,  was  summoned  for  Sunday  trading.  In  one  cellar,  defendant  sold  soap,  and  in  the  other  beer.  Mr.  Chilton,  who  appeared  for  the  defendant,  admitted  the  selling  of  the  soap.  _  _  The  defendant  was  fined  2s  6d  and  costs.  Edward  Jones,  beerseller,  Blackburne-street,  was  sum summoned  moned summoned  by  officers  681  and  60,  for  refusing  to  open  his  door  on  their  knocking  and  demanding  admission  on  last  Sunday  night.  The  defendant's  wife  said  that  they  were  going  to  bed  at  the  time,  and  that  they  always  kept  their  house  shut  from  Saturday  night  to  Monday  morning.  The  defendant  was  fined  40s  and  costs.  Henry  Woods,  beerseller,  Athol  Street,  was  summoned  for  a  violation  of  the  act  on  last  Sunday.  Tne  summons  was  dismissed.  David  Sall,  bcerseller,  Dublin-street,  was  summoned  for  a  violation  of  the  act  on  last  Sunday  morning.  .  .  The  officer  (Wilson),  said  that  he  found  some  men  sitting  in  the  kitchen,  with  jugs  of  ale  before  them.  [The  defendant  said  that  the  men  wero  cattle-drovers,  and  he  did  not  think  it  wrong  to  supply  them  with  the  ale.  He  was  fined  2s.  6d.  and  costs."
