text
"s  was  lying  Shortly  afters  ,nd  some  heavy  could  not  observe  down  to  the  cabin,  wt  body  of  the  c  Lag  at  him  with  the  cut  dextermis  movement,  drove  tn.,  made  an  effort  to  escape  by'  runn,  second  mate,  however,  pursued  hin.  him  till  he  was  secured  and  chain(  About  a  week  afterwards,  while  11  ,- STYLE=superscript  the  watereloset,  duly  guarded;  to  elude  their  attention  for  a  ir  spring,  bounded  overboard  him,  and  the  boat  lowered,  with  reade.not  the  least  effort  to  seize  th  disappeared  and  perished.  The  t  attributed  to  a  free  use  of  ardent  si  deceased  master  is  said  to  have  been  (  while  in  that  condition  treated  31'F'&#34;  muimer.  The  seetnal  mute  took  co cobrought  brought cobrought  her  safe  how  &#34;'  cargo.  She  w  The  Russian  war  corvettE  four  days  ago  at  the  southern  pc  Gothenburg.  All  the  crew,  cigh  Shortly  after  the  last  man  was  ge  down.  It  is  not  stated  how  the  LIVERPOOL.  MARK'  (Written  expressly  for  the  .;  SUGAR  has  been  taken  to  a  nn  vious  rates,  the  sales  consisting  of  50  hhd  to  345.  3d;  1,000  bags  Benares,  at  37s  550  bags  Dates,  at  365.  per  cwt.  Of  MOLASSES  :  200  puncheons  Barb,  at  16s.  per  cwt.  ,  In  Rum  we  without  ch:  have  only  to  notice  Dme  business  is  reportec  COFFEI  bags  St.  Domingo,  at  445.  per  RICE  :  a  larg  cargo  of  Aracan,  (abc  ival,  at  12s.  per  cwt.  •  A  small  lot  of  LIMA-WOOD  Wi STYLE=superscript  £l2  15s.  per  ton  The  Argols  offere  bought  in,  10  chests  Shellac  are  IN  Peirl  Sago,  at  19s.  per  cwt.  ;  and  4d.  per  lb.  rfE.&amp;  :  There  is  but  little  ception  of  some  few  expos  I  lid  per  lb  COTTON  which  have  been  taken  for  ei  Is  to-day  are  1,(  The  sales  include,  300  Pe  30  Bahias,  6ic  6d.  tot  to  Atli  40  Sea  Islam,  with  considerable  firmnes  gale,  full  rates  have  been  maint  are  unchanged  LONDON  CORN  .MARKET,  Yi  English  wheat  in  fair  supply,  condition  a  moderate  sale  at  Monday's  prices.  Fol  country  demand  at  is.  over  late  rates.  Thi  ing  cargoes  off  the  coast  were  held  firmly,  for  those  on  passage.  For  Indian  corn  the  to  the  supply,  and  prices  keep  steady.  J  barley  brought  former  prices  ;  secondary  Rye  inquired  after  for  the  Continent.  Mal  vious  prices.  White  boiling  peas  2s.  to  3s  .  and  maple  command  late  rates.  New  Ei  peas  Is.  lower;  other  sorts  fully  as  dear.  sale  at  Monday's  quotations,  KISH  AQlAortarl  has  M  ssel  went  ned.  en  sold  Demerara  aprising  200  or  Oil,  at"
