text
"THIRD  EDITION.  AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  Northern  Daily  Times  Qffiee,  Ten  o'clock.  The  American  mail  steamer  Pacific,  Captain  Nye,  has  just  arrived  in  the  Mersey  from  New  York,  with  advices  to  the  26th  ult.,  being  two  days  later  than  the  telegraphic  despatch  published  exclusively  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  yesterday.  The  Pacific  has  brought  93  passengers,  and  578,000  dollars  in  specie.  We  subjoin  the  letter  of  our  correspondent  :  NEW  YORK,  SATURDAY,  11  A.M.  Nov.  26TH  The  steamer  Pacific,  of  the  Collin's  line,  renews  her  trips  this  day,  after  a  thorough  repair  and  overhauling,  and  sails  at  noon  for  Liverpool.  By  her  I  send  you  a  summary  of  four  days'  later  ad  vices  than  those  sent  you  by  the  America.  _  _  The  European  news  by  the  America,  which  was  published  yesterday,  has  slightly  improved  the  markets  for  flour  and  grain  ;  a  brisk  demand  sprang  up,  and  prices  advanced  from  61  to  121  cents.  per  barrel  The  stock  market  has  not  been  so  active,  and  prices  have  had  a  downward  tendency.  There  is  still  a  good  supply  of  money,  and  a  reduction  of  nearly  one  per  cent.  in  the  rate  of  interest  has  taken  place  since  the  sailing  of  the  America.  There  is  only  a  limited  supply  of  bills  for  remit remittance  tance remittance  by  the  Pacific,  and  regular  drawers  have,  in  consequence,  been  able  to  maintain  the  quotations  On  London  at  1091.  The  cotton  market,  both  here  and  in  the  grow  lug  districts,  continues  firm,  and  good  business  has  been  done,  and  the  rates  are  rather  better  than  last  reported.  The  sales  for  the  week  ending  last  evening  sum  up  10,510  bales,  including  3,637  for  export,  3,757  for  home  use,  1,764  on  speculation,  and  1,352  in  transitu,  at  111  to  12,E  cents  for  fair  uplands,  and  for  ordinary,  78  per  lb.  The  news  I  have  to  convey  by  this  steamer  is  rather  short,  and  only  of  moderate  interest.  The  mortality  on  board  emigrant  ships  arriving  at  thi  s  port  continues  unabated.  Since  my  last,  the  packet-ships  Constellation  and  lii.  7 STYLE=superscript  ..ernia  have  both  arrived  from  Liverpool  ;  the  former  out  of  916 STYLE=superscript  ,  had  100  deaths  on  board,  and  the  latter  out  of  308,  lost  33.  Some  other  vessels  have  been  sent  to  quarantine,  in  consequence  of  havia:  .  .;  Sickness  on  board.  On  the  23rd  inst..  Charles  Edward  Wedemayre,  th  e  commissioner  and  superintendent  of  the  Ger Gertl  tl Gertl  lePary:3lmA  at  the  Crystal  Palace,  was  de detki  tki detki  in  stealing  a  bottle  of  perfumery  from  the  Fren  c  h  department.  He  was  taken  in  charge  by  °lle  of  the  policemen,  and  on  search  being  made  at  his  lodgings  several  articles  of  stolen  property  Were  also  discovered,  that  had  been  stolen  away  at  different  times.  _  _  _  A  great  demonstration  was  held  on  the  evening  of  the  23rd  inst  ,  at  our  City  Hall  :  congratulatory  of  the  success  attending  the  National  Democrats  at  the  late  election  of  City  and  State  Officers.  The  Alayor  Westervelt  presided,  and  the  meeting  was  a  large  one.  At  Buffalo  yesterday,  Lawrence  Fougharty  suffered  the  extreme  penalty  of  the  law,  for  the  murder  of  Mr.  Brown,  at  Alton  in  December  last.  Alexander  Heilbourn  was  arrested  on  the  24th  inst.,  under_  the  Ashburton  treaty,  foe  alleged  fraud  .committed  in  the  city  of  London,  for  forging  the  name  of  Charles  Macintosh  and  Co.,  to  a  Bill  of  Exchange  drawn  on  the  2nd  July  last,  by  the  Cashier  of  the  Bank  of  Ireland.  Advises  from  Washington,  furnish  accounts  of  the  progress  of  the  President's  message  :  that  it  is  fast  drawing  to  completion,  and  will  be  sent  to  th  e  different  Papers  in  time  to  appear  simultane simultaneously  ously simultaneously  with  its  delivery  at  Washington  before  Con Congress.  gress. Congress.  The  health  of  the  President  is  impaired,  but  not  so  as  prevent  his  getting  about  a  little.  The  Capitol  is  stated  to  be  fast  filling  up  with  the  members  of  Congress,  from  all  parts  of  the  Union.  The  Bank  of  British  North  America,  at  St.  John,  N.  8.,  was  robbed  of  £BOO,  on  the  24th  ult.  Some  doubt  exists  as  to  the  truth  of  this.  -  _.„..  The  Mammouth  clipper-ship  Great  Republic  has  left  Boston  for  this  port,  in  tow  of  a  steamer."
