text
"WEDNESDAY  NEXT.  On  WEDNESDAY  next,  the  30th  instant,  at  Twelve  o'clock  precisely,  at  the  Broker's  office,  11,  Temple-court,  100  Serous  Columbian  TOBACCO,  Ex  Tagus,  and  Mercutio.—Apply  to  EDWARD  SAMUELSON,  Broker.  The  Magnificent  new  Clipper  American  Ship  '  ROLLING  606  tons  register.  _Length  132  feet.  Al'  Breadth  ..acw  ,fia\  28  „  11  inches.  -  •  Depth  Built  this  present  year,  of  the  choicest  materials,  Hackma Hackmatack,  tack, Hackmatack,  Pitch,  Pine  and  Oak,  thoroughly  kneed  in  the  upper  and  lower  deck,  'tween  decks  laid  a  neat  cabin  on  deck,  also  a  house  for  the  crew.  Copper  fastened,  and  sails  remarkably  fast.  She  is  admirably  adapted  for  the  Brazil  or  China  trade.  For  beauty  of  model  and  workmanship  she  cannot  be  surpassed—Laying  in  Brunswick  Dock.  For  further  particulars  apply  to  JOHN  S.  DEWOLF  &amp;  CO.  The  Barque  a  L.  t,'  t  i  t  „*.  :  ,  Breadth  -  Depth  ....  13  „  4-19  275  tons  Register.  This  beautiful  little  vessel  was  built  at  Liverpool,  N.  S.,  and  launched  in  October  this  year,  is  copper  fastened,  and  sails  uncommonly  fast,  having  just  arrived  from  Halifax,  Nova  Scotia,  in  14  days.  Her  draft  of  water  is  exceedingly  light  —Laying  in  Brunswick  Dock.  For  further  particulars  apply  to  JOHN  S.  DEWOLF  &amp;  CO.  The  Brig  )44k  Length.  4,11.,  ,N,,,  „  v  ,‘,,-  Breadth  --  Depth  229  tons  N.M.  and  about  260  O.M.  Built  at  St.  Stephen,  New  Brunswick,  of  the  best  seasoned  Spruce,  had  extensive  repairs  upon  her  in  the  present  year,  well  suited  for  the  coasting  trade,  and  abundantly  found  in  stores—Laying  in  Brunswick  Dock.  Also,  The  Brigantine  Length  6B  feet  8-10  Breadth  Depth  134  tons  N.M.  and  about  210  O.M.  Built  in  N  ova  S  co  ti  a  ,  '  and  in  October,  this  year,  of  the  best  seasone  d  materials,  well  suited  for  the  coasting  trade.—Lying  i  n  B  runsw  i  c  k  Dock.  For  further  particulars  Apply  to  JOHN  S.  DEIVOLF  St  Co,  MONDAY,  NOVEMBER  28,  1853.  JOHN  BULL  is,  unquestionably,  a  gullible  animal.  None  more  so.  From  Dan  to  Beersheba  his  like  is  not  to  be  found.  His  philanthropy  extends  to  all  of  this  habitable  globe.  Of  his  cosmopolitanism  there  exists  not  a  doubt.  And  as  to  his  benevolence,  it  is  quite  as  unbounded  as  it  is  mis-directed.  The  North  American  Indian  amid  bis  interminable  forests—the  Greenlander  buried  in  eternal  snows—and  the  Hottentot  in  his  kraal,  are  each  and  all,  the  objects  of  British  regard,  and  the  recipients  of  British  charity.  The  inhabitants  of  distant  lands  must  fancy  our  country  a  very  Arcadia—literally  overflowing  with  milk  and  honey  ;  where  national  prosperity  and  domestic  happiness  prevail,  aad  where  poverty  and  crime  are  practically  unknown.  One  can  fancy  how  they  must  envy  our  felicity,  and  con consider  sider consider  us  both  honoured  and  favoured  by  the  Gods.  The  English  are  never  tired  of  forming  schemes  and  executing  plans  for  the  conversion  of  idolaters  to  the  true  faith  of  a  Christian.  Our  Foreign  Missionary  Societies,  for  many  years,  have  been  in  full  operation  ;  and  as  to  the  amount  of  money  expended,  why  it  would  require  a  first-rate  finan financier,  cier, financier,  well-skilled  in  the  decimal  system,  to  compute  it  !  The  great  rage  now-a-days  is  the  proselytism  of  nations  less  remote—which  we  take  to  be  a  favour favourable  able favourable  omen,  inasmuch  as  it  indicates  a  growing  disposition  on  our  part.to  confine  our  benevolence  and  philanthropy  within  the  limits  of  the  British  empire  ;  which,  on  the  principle  that  should  begin  at  ought  to  be  the  case.  A.  society  has  for  some  time  been  in  existence,  called  the  Evangelical  Continental  Society  of  the  object  of  which  is  the  Protestantising  of  France  and  other  Papal  countries.  On  the  formation  of  an  auxiliary  society  in  this  town,  the  Rev.  BAPTIST  NOEL  gave  a  lengthy  address  upon  the  State  of  Religion  on  the  a  report  of  which  we  have  already  published.  The  address  itself  dis disappointed  appointed disappointed  us  much.  Instead  of  affording  sound,  practical  information  on  men  and  manners,  Mr.  NOEL  indulged  in  a  sort  of  rhapsodical  discourse,  which  savoured  too  much  of  the  conventicle  He  literally  departed  as  far  from  his  text  as  he  could  well  have  done  with  propriety.  After  repeating  the  old  story  about  the  Roman  Church,  he  informed  his  auditory  that  nearly  thirty-seven  millions  of  inhabitants  had  to  be  con converted  verted converted  to  the  Protestant  faith  ;  that  a  country  like  France,  which  exercised  such  an  influence,  both  by  its  diplomacy  and  arms,  and  which  was  nearer  to  us  than  Ireland,  should  not  be  overlooked;  that  two  million  Bibles  had  been  distributed,  and  2,000  Catholics  converted  ;  that,  in  fine,  though  last  not  a  sum  of  £2,500  had  to  be  collected  annually  to  sustain  the  society's  Operations—  Protestant  Great  Britain  being  naturally  looked  to  for  support  in  such  a  case.  Now,  on  several  grounds,  we  might  justly  oppose  this  Special  Mission  to  the  Roman  of  France.  In  the  first  place,  according  to  Mr.  NOEL'S  own  showing,  there  are  Protestant  churches  of  various  denominations  already  existing  in  that  country  ;  all  of  which  are  not  only  tolerated,  but  positively  supported  by  the  State.  Now,  if  the  people  of  France  desire  to  change  their  reli religious  gious religious  faith  for  another,  there  is  no  let  or  hin  drance  whatever  ;  and  one  would  think  that  the  numerous  Protestant  churches  already  existing  would  do  all  that  was  requisite,  and  meet  every  requirement  on  this  score.  But  no  !  Only  the  favoured  apostles,  commissioned  by  the  Vatican  at  Exeter  Hall,  have  the  power  invested  in  them  to  convert  the  French  nation  to  Evangelisation.  Mr.  NOEL'S  character  of  the  Protestant  churches  and  clergy  of  that  country  is  anything  but  flattering.  He  tells  us,  that  the  million-andfa-half  of  Prole;  tants  there  are  incapable  of  doing  the  work;  that  although  there  are  in  Paris  25,000  belonging  to  the  reformed  faith,  they  did  little  or  nothing  for  the  cause  of  religion  ;  and  that  they,  with  the  Protestants  of  Lyons  have  never  yet  converted  a  single  Catholic  !  He  tells  us,  that  the  Evangelical  denominations  there  are  just  at  loggerheads  as  they  are  here  ;  and  that  merely  a  spurious  sort  of  brotherhood  prevailed  amongst  them,  w  hi  c  h  naturally  enough  had  led  people  to  say  :  I  admit  that  these  others  are  Christians,  and  therefore,  of  course,  they  must  be  my  brethren  ;  but  I  think  the  less  I  see  of  them  the  better—the  less  I  come  into  contact  with  these  brethren  of  mine  is  some somehow  how somehow  or  other  the  better  for  Then  the  Evan Evangelical  gelical Evangelical  Continental  Society  might  also  be  regarded  as  a  Peace  organisation—having  for  its  object  the  abolition  of  religious  strife  and  the  spirit  of  rivalry  amongst  professing  Christians.  And  Mr.  NOEL  mentions  an  extraordinary  instance  of  the  effect  brought  about  by  such  instrumentality— instrumentalitywhich  which instrumentalitywhich  rather  approaches  the  story  of  the  La  Salette  miracle  !  The  state  of  religion  in  France  may  briefly  be  summed  up  in  Mr.  NOEL'S  words.  Com Commenting  menting Commenting  upon  the  wisdom  of  the  French,  he  observes  :  They  had  40,000  Catholic  priests  to  execrate  Protestants,  they  had  established  a  Pro Protestant  testant Protestant  church  to  execrate  the  Catholics;  and  whilst  they  established  Protestants  and  Catholics  to  condemn  the  Jews,  they  established  Jewish  Rabbins  to  condemn  the  Christians  So  it  would  appear  that  the  mission  of  the  London  Society  is  to  throw  oil  on  the  troubled  waters  of  polemical  discord  in  that  country  ;  and  convert  Catholics,  and  all,  to  the  faith  adopted  by  the  Exeter-hall  Committee  !  Could  not  these  gentlemen  experi experimentalise  mentalise experimentalise  at  home,  where  the  good  effects  of  their  labours  might  be  more  readily  seen;  and  as  there  is  a  better  and  wider  field  for  their  exertions?  Poor  old  benevolent  Pope  !  How  the  English  people  laughed  at  your  folly  when  you,  in  the  abundance  of  your  charity,  offered  daily  prayers  for  the  conversion  of  this  country  to  Catholicity  !  And  here  we  are  now  going  to  alienate  from  their  holy  a  whole  nation,  and  make  them  obedient  to  the  religion  of  the  Reformation  Have  we  not  turned  the  laugh  fairly  against  our ourselves  selves ourselves  in  the  height  of  our  phrenetic  folly  ?  But  there  exists  a  greater  objection  still  to  this  scheme.  We  maintain  that  our  own  country  has  the  first  and  justest  claim  upon  our  liberality  and  philanthropy  ;  and  that  whilst  such  inconceiv inconceivable  able inconceivable  poverty,  wretchedness,  crime,  and  practical  heathenism,  exists  everywhere  around  us,  our  efforts  should  be  concentrated  and  combined  to  improve  our  home  condition,  ere  we  went  there  and  back  in  search  of  objects  whereupon  to  exercise  our  abundant  charity.  If  our  Chris Christianity  tianity Christianity  be  a  failure  at  home,  it  must  be  a  failure  abroad.  Why  not  try  its  practical  effects  upon  the  masses  of  our  own  countrymen  ere  we  venture  to  reclaim  foreign  lands  and  people  of  other  faiths,  who  are  far  more  moral  and  religious,  perhaps,  than  our  own?  When  we  perceive  its  beneficial  influence  here,  we  shall  advocate  its  spread  else elsewhere.  where. elsewhere.  But  as  longas  society  is  in  its  present  state— statewhile  while statewhile  crime  and  criminals  are  so  numerous  —poverty  and  destitution  such  as  no  other  nation  under  Heaven  does  witness—irreligion  so  prevalent,  al although  though although  combined  with  Christian  profession  —we  say,  let  us  stay  at  home—work  at  home—feed  the  hungry—clothe  the  naked—redeem  the  criminal— criminalraise  raise criminalraise  the  condition  of  the  masses—give  them  better  houses  and  purer  water  and  nobler  aspirations— aspirationsmake  make aspirationsmake  them  better  citizens—fonder  parents  —more  faithful  in  their  conjugal  relations—  and  let  these  things  be  done  at  home!  When  we  have  dethroned  crime—exterminated  plague—elevated  the  people— peopleand  and peopleand  moralised,  if  not  Christianised,  their  minds— mindsthen,  then, mindsthen,  should  we  lack  objects,  we  may,  without  fear  of  reproach,  seek  them  elsewhere—but  not  till  then.  'Tis  positively  monstrous  !  The  Chaplain  of  the  Borough  Gaol  complains  that  the  small  sum  of  £250  only  was'  granted  by  the  Town  Council  of  Liverpool  for  the  purpose  of  maintaining  our  juvenile  criminals,  after  their  respective  periods  of  imprisonment  terminated  in  reformatory  asylums,  where  they  were  likely  to  be  morally  benefited— benefitedat  at benefitedat  all  events,  kept  from  preying  upon  society.  He  states  that  there  are  objects  enough,  if  there  were  funds  enough  to  maintain  them;  but  such  not  being  the  case,  those  unfortunate  creatures  are  turned  loose  upon  the  town,  to  follow  with  the  greater  expertness  and  success,  their  only  caning  —plunder  !*  And  yet  Mr.  NOEL  complains  that  only  £5OO  had  been  raised  for  the  purpose  of  proselytising  the  people  of  France,  and  the  subjects  of  a  Catholic  Emperor  !  If  this  be  not  mistaken  zeal  and  misplaced  benevolence,  we  might  well  ask,  what  is  ?  But,  GOD  amend  us,  GOD  amend  we  are  much  out  o'  the  THE  Bank  of  England  returns  for  the  week  end ending  ing ending  the  19th  inst.,  are  even  less  satisfactory  than  those  for  the  week  immediately  preceding  them.  The  contraction  of  the  Bank's  circulation  con continues  tinues continues  excessive,  while  a  decrease  has  taken  place  in  its  stock  of  bullion,  notwithstanding  there  is  an  excess  of  imports  over  the  exports  of  gold  for  the  week,  amounting  to  283,6061.  The  contraction  in  the  active  circulation  for  the  same  period  amounts  to  the  extravagant  sum  of  596,5521.  This  would  be  a  disheartening  state  of  things,  if  it  were  not  for  the  fact  that  the  arrivals  of  bullion  continue  to  be  largely  in  excess  of  the  outward  shipments.  The  imports  of  gold  for  the  week  ending  the  19th  instant,  are  as  follow  :"
