text
"THE  MINISTRY.  The  impression  that  Lord  Palmerston  had  re  solved  to  retain  his  post  'becanie  very  general  on  Saturday,  and  there  seems  a  strong  probability  that  current  belief  on  this  point  will  be  justified  by  the  event.  The  fact,  however,  of  the  non  acceptance  of  the  Home  Secretary's  resignation  says  very  little  for  the  permanency  of  the  whole  government.  If  they  cannot  get  over  the  threatened  opposition  of  the  member  for  Tiverton,  how  can  they  expect  to  survive  the  first  parliamentry  debates  on  their  Russian  policy  ?  Are  they  beginning  to  put  their  house  in  order?  If  not,  they  had  better  do  so  at  once,  not  only  on  account  of  those  dangers  which  are  always  begotten  of  manifest  weakness,  but  for  the  absolute  risk  there  seems  to  be  of  Lord  Aber Aberdeen's  deen's Aberdeen's  resignation,  if  a  real  quarrel  with  Russia  should  occur  in  the  Black  Sea.  Surely  the  could  not  hold  his  place  if  his  friend  the  Czar  should  be  seriously  taken  to  task  by  the  forces  of  England  and  France.  The  fleets,  it  is  now  con confidently  fidently confidently  said,  have  been  ordered  to  the  Black  Sea,  and  that  they  are  really  likely  to  try  those  waters,  we  believe,  for  the  reason  that  at  last  an  officer  has  been  sent  out  with  a  special  knowle4ge  of  what  soundings  are  wanted  in  that  quarter.  When  the  fleets  went  to  Besika  Bay,  and  even  when  they  afterwards  went  to  .  the  Bosphorus,  .it  was  generally  known  that  the  English  were  deficient  in  knowledge  of  the  Euxine,  Yet  no  special  officer  seems  to  have  been  sent  to  serve  under  Admiral  Dundas  with  peculiar  reference  to  such  ignorance.  On  Saturday,  however,  we  were  able  to  state  that  Captain  Brock  had  gone  out  to  surveys  in  the  Black  and  this  really  does  go  to  show  something  like  the  'existence  of  a  serious  intention  to  move  the  fleet  towards  Sebastopol.  But  is  it  possible  Lord  Aber.  deen  can  have  sanctioned  any  forward  movement  of  Admiral  Dundas?  If  so,  can  he  mean  to  hold  office.  if  the  fleets  damage  that  very  Czar  who  Lord  Aberdeen  with  a  call  when  he  visited  England  It  is  next  to  iiapoeeiblo  to  bulio.rc  ana  - STYLE=superscript  arty  one  who  deals  in  prophecy  would  be  very  safe  in  saying  that  if  Lord  Palmer Palmerston  ston Palmerston  comes  back,  and  anything  real  is  done  towards  driving  the  Autocrat  from  the  territory  of  the  Sultan,  a  great  man  will  go  out  of  Assuredly  the  boom  of  the  first  English  gun  would  be  followed  by  the  bow  of  resignation  of  Lord  Aberdeen:  unless,  indeed,  the  present  Prime  Minister  ignores  all  the  indications  of  his  previous  career.—Daily  News.  STABBING.—A  serious  case  of  stabbing  came  before  the  magistrates  on  Wednesday.  On  Sunday  morning,  about  one  o'clock,  as  William  Hutchinson  and  Richard  Hardgraves  were  walking  down  Westgate.  they  were  met  by  a  private  of  the  28th  regiment,  at  present  stationed  in  the  barracks,  named  M'Manora,  who  demanded  a  pint  of  beer  from  Hardgraves,  which  he  refused  to  give  him.  M'Manora,  with  an  oath,  told  him  that  he  would  take  it  out  of  and  imme immediately  diately immediately  drew  a  clasp  knife  which  he  opened,  and  with  it  struck  at  him,  cutting  his  coat  at  the  shoulder.  Hardgraves  then  ran  away,  pursued  by  the  prisoner,  who  overtook  him  in  a  passage.  Hutchinson  then  came  up  to  them,  and  at attempted  tempted attempted  to  defend  his  friend,  when  Nl‘Aanora  made  a  thrust  at  him  also  with  the  knife  and  cut  him  severely  in  the  hand.  A  policeman  was  in  the  neighbourhood,  and  hearing  the  scuffle,  went  into  the  passage  and  apprehended  the  prisoner.  Committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions:—  Leeds  Times.  DECREASE  OF  PAIIPERISM.—On  Saturday  last,  John  Brooke  and  Thos.  P.  Crosland,  Esqrs.,  the  s  itti  ng  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  at  the  Guildhall,  granted  to  Mr.  Benjamin  Taylor,  the  assistant  overseer  of  the  poor  of  Huddersfield,  a  new  rate  of  Is.  Bd.  in  the  pound,  amounting  in  the  aggregate  to  £7,588  2s.  3d.  The  amount  of  the  last  rate,  excused  on  the  ground  of  poverty,  was  £265  2s.  11d.,  and  the  other  uncol uncollected  lected uncollected  arrears,  amounting  to  £125  3s.  6d.  This  is  only  the  third  rate  of  ls.  Bd.  in  the  pound  levied  for  the  support  of  the  poor  in  the  township  of  Huddersfield,  since  Dec.,  1849,  making  a  total  of  three  rates  of  Is.  Bd.  in  fire  years,  or  only  an  average  annual  expenditure  of  ls.  in  the  pound,  for  the  support  of  the  poor,  county  rates,  and  officers'  salaries  !  while  the  average  annual  expenditure  of  most  other  prosperous  neighbouring  towns,  during  the  same  period,  ranges  from  2s.  to  3s.  6d.,  and  even  4s.  in  the  pound.  These  facts  speak  volumes  for  the  intelligence,  energy,  and  morals  of  the  people  of  this  enterprising  and  flourishing  town.—Leeds  Times.  COSTS  or  A  GAME  PROSECUTION  REFUSED.—On  Monday  last  at  the  Yorkshire  winter  assizes,  Mr.  0  verend  asked  the  judge  (Mr.  Justice  Coleridge)  if  he  would  allow  the  costs  of  the  prosecution  in  some  cases  against  poachers  concerned  in  affrays  at  Temple  Newsam  and  Harewood.  The  learned  Judge  replied  in  the  negative,  observing  that  he  thought  it  unfair  to  saddle  the  county  with  the  expenses  of  cases  of  this  description.  Instead  of  the  county  being  called  upon  to  vindicate  the  law,  it  rested  more  properly  upon  the  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  whose  lands  had  been  entered,  as  by  preserving  their  game  in  such  large  quanties  they  held  out  a  strong  tempta temptation  tion temptation  to  poachers  to  pursue  their  lawless  avocations.  The  proprietors  of  the  preserves  in  instances  of  this  description  induced  poachers  to  enter  their  property,  and  therefore  they  ought  to  bear  the  responsibilities  and  expenses  of  maintain maintaining  ing maintaining  the  game  laws.  His  lordship  said  he  had  consulted  with  Mr.  Justice  Wightman  on  the  subject,  and  he  had  expressed  a  similar  opinion.  He  must,  therefore,  not  allow  the  costs  of  the  prosecution  in  either  case.  SHUTTING  OF  THE  GATES  OF  DERRY.—The  165th  anni anniversary  versary anniversary  of  this  event—ever  dear  to  the  recollection  of  Derrymen,  and  of  such  vast  importance  in  its  results  to  the  liberties  and  religious  interests  of  these  kingdoms—was  this  year  celebrated  in  the  usual  manner  with  unabated  enthu enthusiasm.  siasm. enthusiasm.  Owing  to  the  anniversary  falling  on  Sunday  (the  18th  instant,)  the  rounds  of  cannon,  with  which  it  is  customary  to  usher  in  the  day,  were  discharged  at  half-past  eleven  on  Saturday  night;  and  the  virgin  flags  were  hoisted  from  the  Cathedral  and  Walker's  Pillar.  At  twelve  o'clock  on  Sunday  the  Apprentice  Boys  formed  into  procession  at  the  Linen-hall,  and  proceeded  to  attend  Divine  service  in  the  Cathedral  :  and  at  six  in  the  evening,  proceeded  in  the  same  order,  to  the  First  Presbyterian  Church.  At  six,  amid  renewed  firing  the  effigy  of  traitor  Lundy  was  suspended  from  the  Testimonial,  where  at  day-break,  he  was  discovered  swinging  to  and  fro  at  the  feet  of  Governor  Walker,  whilst  the  joy-bells  pealed  forth  their  merry  notes,  and  the  several  Apprentice  Clubs,  repairing  to  the  ramparts  with  nine  well wellequipped  equipped wellequipped  field-pieces,  fired  fifteen  rounds.—Derry  Standard.  FLIGHT  OF  A  CHRISTMAS  LOTTERY  KEEPER.—  On  Sa Saturday  turday Saturday  considerable  consterration  prevailed  among  a  large  number  of  contributors  to  a  Christmas  lottery  fund  for  the  distribution  of  turkeys,  geese,  beef,  plums,  brandy,  &amp;c.,  which  was  announced  by  a  man  of  the  name  of  Button,  a  fried  fish  salesman,  in  business  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Rosoman-street,  Clerkenwell,  to  take  place  on  Friday  and  Saturday.  The  lottery  consisted  of  10,000  tickets  at  six sixpence  pence sixpence  each,  and  there  were  to  be  691  prizes.  The  draw  for  the  prizes  was  proceeded  with  at  the  John  of  Jerusalem,  the  landlord  of  which  had  no  further  to  do  with  it  than  allowing  his  room  for  that  purpose.  Throughout  yesterday  the  house  was  besieged  by  the  subscribers,  who  were  informed  that  Mr.  Butt  on  was  no  t  at  h  ome  .  The  crowd  increased  to  such  an  extent,  that  it  was  necessary  to  send  for  two  policemen  to  protect  the  premises.  Up  to  a  late  hour  last  night  persons  were  arriving  from  all  parts  of  the  metropolis,  who  loudly  expressed  their  feelings  ofanger.  LETTERS  AND  GOLD  FROM  AUSTRALIA.—The  Oriental  Company's  steam  packet  Euxine,  Captain  F.  Meehan,  ar arrived  rived arrived  at  Southampton  on  Friday  afternoon,  with  the  heavy  portion  of  the  India,  China,  and  Australian  mails,  and  which  were  landed  under  the  charge  of  Lieutenant  De  Lisle,  R.N.,  admiralty  agent.  Her  dates  are,  Alexandria,  December  8  ;  Malta,  December  12  ;  and  Gibraltar,  December  18.  Amongst  her  cargo  was  eleven  boxes  of  specie.  Her  mails  consisted  of  above  100  boxes  of  letters  and  papers,  besides  bags.  Nearly  one  half  of  the  boxes  were  from  Melbourne.  Amongst  the  passengers  of  the  Euxine  were  several  from  Australia,  who  came  up  to  Ceylon  in  the  Shanghai  mail  steamer,  which  left  Melbourne  on  the  27th  of  September.  They  confirm  the  extraordinary  accounts  which  were  re received  ceived received  by  a  few  private  letters,  written  just  before;the  sail sailing  ing sailing  of  the  Shanghai,  as  to  the  extraordinary  gold  discoveries.  The  chief  spot  of  these  discoveries,  and  which  are  called  tables  of  gold,  is  at  Ballarat.  A  party  of  diggers  had  in  a  very  short  time  obtained  £lO,OOO  worth  of  gold,  and  had  de deposited  posited deposited  it  at  the  Melbourne  bank.  A  gold  placer  was  also  discovered  on  the  surface,  near  Melbourne,  by  means  of  a  cart,  the  wheels  of  which  in  going  over  the  ground  were  found  to  hare  gold  adhering  to  them.  THE  QUEEN'S  NEW  STEAM  YACHT.-Sir  James  Graham,  Bart.,  M.P.,  First  Lord  of  the  Admiralty,  came  over  to  Portsmouth  on  Tuesday  last,  to  meet  a  committee  of  officers  whose  opinions  were  required  upon  the  important  subject  of  constructing  her  Majesty's  new  steam  yacht.  The  officers  and  gentlemen  summoned  to  meet  the  First  Lord,  were  Cap Captain  tain Captain  Sir  Baldwin  Walker,  K.C.8.,  surveyor  of  the  navy  ;  Captain  the  Hon.  Joseph  Denman,  commander-in-chief  of  her  Majesty's  steam  squadron;  Mr.  Thomas  Baker,  R.N.,  inspector  of  machinery  of  the  Victoria  and  Albert  ;  Mr.  An Andrew  drew Andrew  Murray,  superintending  engineer  of  Portsmouth  Dock Dockyard;  yard; Dockyard;  Mr.  Thomas  Lloyd,  R.N.,  of  the  steam  department  of  Somerset  House;  Mr.  Isaac  Watts,  assistant  to  the  sur surveyor  veyor surveyor  of  the  navy  ;  and  Mr.  John  Penn,  C.E.,  of  Greenwich.  Plans  and  sections  were  exhibited,  and  we  believe  the  result  will  be  that  the  new  royal  yacht  will  be  built  of  the  follow following  ing following  dimensions  and  capabilities  :—Le  - STYLE=superscript  2gth  of  keel,  330  feet  ;  length  on  deck,  315  feet;  beam,  40  feet;  depth  of  hold,  22  feet  ;  diameter  of  paddle-wheel,  30  feet  6  inches  ;  st=oke  of  piston,  7  feet  ;  diameter  of  cylinder,  84  inches  ;  tonnage,  2340.  The  revolutions  of  the  engines  have  been  estimated  at  from  25  to  28,  which  will  yield,  it  is  calculated,  a  speed  of  from  15  to  16  knots  per  hour.  The  engines  are  to  be  manufactured  by  Penn,  upon  the  oscillating  principle,  but  Which  to  obtain  the  speed  calculated  upon  must  be  worked  upon  high  pressure  guage.  They  will  occupy  great  space  in  the  body  of  the  vessel,  and,  consequently,  allow  of  less  ven ventilation  tilation ventilation  and  working  room  for  the  engineer's  staff,  and  admit  of  the  stowage  of  a  less  quantity  of  coals.  We  hope  she  will  have  a  greater  preportion  of  power  to  tonnage  than  any  ves vessel  sel vessel  afloat,  and  not  a  small  nominal  power,  to  be  driven  at  a  great  speed  of  engine.  With  a  large  power,  the  maximum  of  speed  will  be  attained  with  much  more  ease  and  comfort,  and  reduced  risk  of  derangement.—Hampshire  Advertiser  and  Portsmouth  Journal.  STEAM  COMMUNICATION  WITH  AUSTRALIA.  SOUTHAMPTON,  FRIDAY,  DEC.  23.—Any  step  undertaken  by  the  enterprise  of  a  public  company  to  afford  rapt  and  efficient  steam  communication  with  the  Australian  colonies  is  now  a  matter  of  great  public  interest.  The  experimental  voyages  to  Port  Philip  and  Sydney,  accomplished  by  the  general  screw  steam  shipping  company's  ships  Harbinger  and  Argo,  have  been  the  most  successful  of  any  efforts  yet  made  to  shorten  the  -  distance  between  Australia  and  the  parent  country.  A  strange  fatality  has,  in  fact,  attended  the  operations  of  every  other  company  up  to  the  present  interests  who  time  ;  and  the  expectations  i  n  d  u  l  ge  d  b  y  var  i  ous  who  have  hitherto  attempted  to  solve  the  problem,  have  been  productive,  if  not  of  actual  failure,  at  least  of  great  and  serious  irregularity.  The  general  screw  steam  company  is  now  about  to  follow  up  the  favourable  impression  first  made  by  more  decisive  efforts,  and  is  just  about  to  occupy  the  field  by  the  adoption  of  measures  which  promise  to  supply  the  great  object  hitherto  unattainable,  which  is  no  less  than  a  regular  steam  communication  with  Australia,  by  means  of  the  employment  of  ships  of  such  a  class,  as  from  their  size,  power,  equip equipment,  ment, equipment,  and  capacity,  appear  destined  to  command  a  practical  and  enduring  success.  The  first  of  the  new  line  of  steamers  of  this  character  made  her  appearance  in  the  Southampton-docks  yesterday.  She  is  named  the  Crcesus,  and  is  commanded  by  Captain  J.  V.  Hall.  This  noble  ship,  the  largest  merchant  steam steamship  ship steamship  which  ever  left  the  Thames,  and  the  finest  screw  steamer  that  has  yet  been  exhibited  in  Southampton,  is  of  2,500  tons  burden,  and  was  built  by  Messrs.  Mare  and  Co.,  of  Blackwell,  who  are  also  preparing  for  sea,  to  follow  the  Crcesus,  three  other  ships  of  similar  dimensions,  to  be  re respectively  spectively respectively  called  the  Golden  Fleece,  the  Jason,  and  the  Prince.  A  description  of  this  magnificent  steamer  may  not  be  uninteresting,  embodying  as  she  does  every  imp  rovemen  t,  both  of  construction,  equipment,  and  fitting,  which  science  and  skill  can  suggest.  The  Crcesus  is  built  of  iron,  in  water watertight  tight watertight  compartments,  the  dimensions  being  as  follows  :  Length  between  perpendiculars  280  feet,  length  over  all  300  feet,  breadth  43  feet,  depth  311  feet.  She  is  full  bark  rigged,  with  an  immense  spread  of  canvass  sufficient  to  force  the  ship  through  the  water  (irrespective  of  steam  power)  with  a  strong  breeze  at  the  rate  of  13  or  14  knots.  The  Croasus  is,  of  course,  propelled  by  the  auxiliary  screw,  and  her  engines,  by  Messrs.  Rennie,  are  of  400  horse  power,  on  the  direct-acting  horizontal  principle,  having  an  immediate  connexion  with  the  shaft  of  the  *screw.  The  screw  itself  is  a  two-bladed  one,  of  16  feet  diameter,  with  a  231  feet  .  pitch,  and  weighs  five  tons.  By  an  in ingeniously  geniously ingeniously  contrived  hoisting  apparatus,  it  can  be  discon disconnected  nected disconnected  and  lifted  bodily  out  of  the  water,  so  that  when  the  vessel  is  under  canvas&amp;  alone,  (which  will  frequently  be  the  case)  no  obstruction  will  be  offered  to  the  speed  which  may  be  obtained  from  the  force  of  the  wind  acting  upon  the  sails.  The  cylinders  of  the  engines  have  a  diameter  of  631  inches,  and  the  steam  is  generated  in  four  tubular  boilers,  which  are  so  arranged  that  they  may  be  used  singly  or  collectively,  according  as  it  may  be  necessary  or  prudent  to  expend  or  economise  fuel.  The  engines  perform  about  52  revolutions  per  minute,  with  16  lb.  pressure  of  steam,  and  a  vacuum  of  27  in  the  condenser.  The  arrangements  for  the  accommodation  of  passengers  are  of  the  most  complete  kind  ;  200  first  and  second-class  can  be  carried,  and  for  their  benefit  the  saloons,  bed  cabins,  bathrooms,  and  other  convenience  s  are  o  f  th  e  mos  t  com commodious  modious commodious  description,  and  comprise  every  necessary  luxury  and  comfort  that  can  be  desired  on  board  a  steam-packet.  The  sleeping-berths  are  ranged  entirely  on  the  main  -deck,  which  has  a  communication  from  stem  to  stern,  the  officers'  and  servants'  cabins  being  built  upon  tho  upper  or  spar spardeck,  deck, spardeck,  thus  economising  the  space  for  passenger  accommo accommodation  dation accommodation  of  nearly  40  persons.  A  glance  round  the  ship  exhibits  the  excellence  of  the  general  arrangements,  and  shows  that  the  Crcesus  is  intended  to  be  a  commercial  and  purely  self-supporting  steamship,  Besides  the  great  space  allotted  for  passengers,  the  Crcesus  has  a  capacity  for  1,300  or  L4OO  tons  of  measurement  freight,  will  carry  1,000  tons  of  coals,  possesses  stowage  room  for  300  tons  of  baggage  and  stores,  with  103  tons  of  water  in  tanks,  in  addition  to  an  apparatus  for  condensing  700  gallons  of  water  per  diem.  This  ship  and  the  others  of  the  company's  fleet  have  been  fitted  out  under  the  entire  supervision  and  direction  of  Captain  John  Ford,  late  of  the  Ottoman  navy,  the  superin superintendent  tendent superintendent  and  manager  of  the  General  Screw  Company.  The  Crcesus  started  from  Greenhithe  on  Monday  morning  last  at  10  o'clock.  Immediately  on  getting  under  way  (the  ship  at  starting  having  a  dead  weight  of  1,480  tons  on  board  with  a  draught  of  water  of  181  feet)  full  steam  was  put  on,  and  rapid  progress  made  to  the  Nore,  where  the  ship  dropped  anchor  for  the  night.  The  next  morning  the  anchor  was  through  chuunel  t  w  h  a  e  s  D  m  o  a  w  d  n  e  s  t  ,  a  u  f  t  d  e  i  r  s  t  a  p  u  a  o  s  e  s  i  n  o  f  g  1  N  s  v  h  tn  i  c  i  h  l  e  s  a  h  e  r  l  u  o  n  w  d  th  o  again  h  o  i  s  t  e  d,  an  d  the  ship  steamed  on  at  a  great  rate  o  e  wa STYLE=superscript  Sta  t STYLE=superscript  r  h STYLE=superscript  t  e STYLE=superscript  .  In  the  three  days  and  nights  during  which  the  Creesus  was  kept  at  sea  before  returning  to  Southampton,  several  oppor opportunities  tunities opportunities  were  afforded  for  trying  the  speed  under  every  variety  of  , STYLE=superscript  weather.  The  maximum  speed  under  canvas,  with  a  strong  breeze  and  the  screw  disconnected,  was  13  to  14  knots.  Close  hauled  with  double  -reefed  topsails,  courses,  trysail,  and  jib  (canvas  alone—no  steam  power  applied),  10  knots.  Iu  smooth  water,  with  no  sails,  the  ship  steamed  101  to  11  knots,  and  coming  up  Channel  against  a  heavy  a  t  h  r  r  o  o  u  u  g  g  h  h  t  s  h  e  e  a  ,  wateral  l STYLE=superscript  at  tyardsih  the  rateacross,  of  the  to  5i  knots.  These  trials  of  Peed,  erminesnor  11  -  e  north-east  cgeadl  thee  ed,  under  every  circumstance,  were  therefore  deemed  most  s STYLE=superscript  atisfactory  •  the  engines  worked  admirably,  with  no  symptoms  of  t  bearinms,  tho  boilers  giving  a  full  supply  of  steam  at  alitm  es  °'  '  s  withh STYLE=superscript  ship  The  Crcesus  is  to  sail  on  the  10th  of  January,  and  will,  we  understand,  go  direct  from  Southampton  to  Port  Philip  without  touching  . STYLE=superscript  at  any  intermediate  port.—  Tim,.  EFFECTS  OF  INTEMPERANCE.—A  young  man  named  Thos.  Walsh,  of  quiet  habits  and  most  excellent  character,  after  partaking  t  h  a  is  kin  g  head,  causing  freelyofdri  c  n  o  k  n  Saturdaytounsionof  the  bra  night,  m.  fell  D  do  e  w  at  n  h  s  s  ta  o  ir  on  s  after  ensued,  adding  one  more  to  the  victims  sacrificed  to  strong  drink.  The  deceased  was  a  native  of  Youghal—  Waterford  WRECK.—A  rumour  has  reached  us,  on  good  authority,  that  a  smack,  name  unknown,  was  stranded  in  the  vicinity  of  Ballywalter,  on  Monday  evening;  that  she  was  loaded  with  a  quantity  of  ammunition  and  some  government  clothing,  all  of  which  was  lost  ;  that  the  smack  herself  was  staved  to  pieces,  and  one  of  the  crew  drowned.—.  Northern  Wig.  RAILWAY  APPOrNTMENTS.-Mr.  Parsons,  late  traffic  manager  of  the  Shrewsbury  and  Birmingham,  has  been  appointed  traffic  manager  of  the  South  Staffordshire  Railway,  in  the  room  of  the  late  Mr.  Eborall.  Mr  Broughton,  formerly  traffic  manager  of  the  Grand  Junction  Canal  .has  been  appointed  manager  of  the  London  and  North  Western  at  Birmingham.  Mr.  Hall  formerly  of  the  Eastern  Counties,  and  who  returns  to  that  company,  has  been  suc succeeded,  ceeded, succeeded,  as  Secretary  of  the  Shrewsbury  and  Birmingham,  by  Mr.  Kershaw,  late  of  the  Great  Western.  SOMETHINo  LIKE  API  a.—A  rare  specimen  of  monster  pork,  and  a  proof  of  what  can  be  done  by  resolute  and  rigorous  feeding,  was  exhibited  last  night,  and  will  be  cut  up  this  morning,  in  the  shop  of  Mr.  William  Taylor,  of  64,  Oldham-street.  The  pi  g  w  as  f  e  d  b  y  T.  L  ang  ford  Brooks,  Esq.,  of  Mere  Hall,  Cheshire,  and  was  a  suckling  only  18  months  ago.  It  is  now  a  perfect  Daniel  Lambert  of  a  pig,  and  at  the  present  moment  weighs  8131  b.  It  is  at attracting  tracting attracting  considerable  attention  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Old Oldham-street.  ham-street. Oldham-street.  INTEREST  FOR  PRINCE  ALBERT'S  STATITB.GITO  Prince  Albert  a  statue  ?  Yes,  certainly,  at  the  proper  time;  may  it  not  arrive  for  a  thousand  years  !  But,  when  it  does  arrive,  up  with  the  statue;  a  statue  which  shall  have  been  merited  by  a  highly  useful  life,  whereof  the  promotion  of  the  cos cosmopolitan  mopolitan cosmopolitan  fair  in  Hyde  Park  will  have  been  one  only  among  the  remarkable  acts.  In  the  meantime,  that  the  me memorial  morial memorial  may  be  worthy  of  the  hero,  put  the  money  already  subscribed  toward  3  it  out  to  increase  and  accumulate,  by  which  means,  in  addition  to  the  interest  which  our  descen descendants  dants descendants  will  take  in  the  work,  we  shall  also  transmit  to  them  compound  interest  that  will  help  to  pay  for  it.  —Punch.  THE  LATE  GALES.—Yesterday,  upwards  of  one  hundred  and  sixty  of  the  emigrants  who  were  on  board  the  United  States  ship  Niagara,  which  left  this  port  on  Sunday  last,  arrived,  and  were  carefully  provided  for  at  the  Emigrant's  Home,  Moorfields.  The  Niagara,  after  leaving  the  river,  ran  on  the  Grenore  point  beach.  The  passengers  were  speedily  landed  and  were  conveyed  back  to  this  port.  Since  their  arrival,  they  have  expressed  their  thankfulness  the  kindness,  under  the  unfortunate  circumstances,  they  have  received  since  they  have  been  at  the  Emigrant's  lllome.  Those  emiganrts  who  expressed  a  wish  not  to  proceed  on  the  voyage,  have  had  their  fares  returned,  and  those  who  have  sustained  losses  will  be  fully  compensated  by  the  agents,  and  furnished  with  every  convenience  until  they  can  proceed  on  their  voyage.  SINGULAR  ACCIDENT.  —On  the  evening  of  Thursday  last,  a  young  boy  living  with  his  parents  at  the  west  end  of  the  town,  being  left  for  a  few  minutes  in  a  room  by  himself,  happened  to  discover  a  bottle  of  hair  oil  which  his  sister  had  been  using,  and  immediately  uncorking  it,  proceeded  to  pour  the  odorous  fluid  in  copious  libations  upon  his  own  head.  But  after  the  operation  was  over,  feeling  his  hair  rather  uncomfortably  wet,  the  thought  struck  him  that  he  might  dry  it  at  the  gas,  when,  in  endeavouring  to  d  o  i  )  he  incautiously  approached  too  near  the  burner,  and  in instantly  stantly instantly  his  hair  was  in  a  blaze.  His  cries  brought  speedy  assistance,  but  speedy  as  it  was,  it  came  too  late  to  prevent  his  being  very  severely  scorched  about  the  head;  his  hands,  too,  with  which  he  had  endeavoured  to  extinguish  the  blaze,  did  not  escape.  He  is  still  lying  in  a  very  precarious  state,  we  understand.—N.  B;  Mail.  MACAULAY  AND  THE  PUBLISHER.—Mr.  Macaulay,  M.P.,  having  severely  denounced  Mr.  Vizetelly,  the  bookseller,  for  publishing  a  spurious  edition  of  his  speeches,  that  gentleman  has  published  the  following  :--‘  4 STYLE=superscript  *  *  *  I  ask  your  permission  to  be  allowed  to  point  out  to  you,  that  Mr.  Macaulay's  indignation  is  based  upon  the  misrepresentation  that  I  had  undertaken  to  edit  the  edition  of  his  speeches  which  was  printed  by  me  from  Hansard's  Parliamentary  Debates.  From  the  title  page  and  preface  to  this  edition,  which  I  enclose,  you  will  see  that  I  do  not  appear  in  any  such  capacity,  nor  does  the  edition  profess  to  be  anything  beyond  a  mere  reprint  from  Hansard,  consequently  Mr  Macaulay's  attack  should  have  been  directed  against  the  editor  of  Hansard,  if  against  any  one,  rather  than  myself.  *  *  With  regard  to  the  observations  of  a  more  personal  character,  which  Mr.  Macaulay  has  thought  fit  to  indulge  in,  these  I  shall  leave  to  be  dealt  with,  as  advised,  by  a  court  of  - STYLE=superscript  D  F  O  R  R  E  S  T  E  R  , STYLE=superscript  SHIRT  ESTABLISHMENT,  65,  CHURCH-STREET.  GENTLEMEN'S  Self-adjusting  ss.  6d.  Each,  SHIRTS,  which  Fit  to  the  or  greatest  nicety  .  .  60s.  per  Dozen.  BOYS'  SHIRTS,  to  Fit  all  Ages,  for  Six  to  Sixteee  , STYLE=superscript  2s.  6d.,  35.,  3s.  6d.,  4s.  Gentlemen  going  Abroad  in  haste  can  be  s  u  ppli  e  d  Ns'it  h STYLE=superscript  SHIRTS  Washed  an  ready  to  put  on  ;  Measure  taken  by  au  experienced  Person,  and  a  correct  Fit  given  without  further  trouble.  NO  CREDIT  GiVEN.  R.  FORRES  T  E  R,  65,  CHURCH-STREET,  (FIRST  DOOR  BELOW  PARKER-STREET).  BY  ROYAL  LETTERS  PATENT.  THE  PATENTEE  Begs  to  give  Notice  Manufacturers  in  general,  that  he  has  now  co  mplew  r  his  arrangements  for  Li  cens  i  ng  hi  s  P  ATENT  BEAM,  f°  the  Weaving  by  Powe  r  ,  o  f  Li  nen  an  d  ot  h  er  yarns  of  a  sirail°  texture.  This  Beam  is  calculated  to  remove  the  hitherto  ins,,,e  c  mountable  difficulty  of  takin  g  away  th  e  Cl  o  th  from  vP,„;  Reed  with  the  regularity  requ  i  re  d,  an  d  t  o  ena  bl  e  the  yarns  to  be  Woven  with  the  Positive  Taking-up  Motio  fi STYLE=superscript  i  t  which  effectually  coils  up  the  cloth  as  each  shot  of  1  0 STYLE=superscript  is  thrown  in  '  •  is  positive  and  i  zateA  uvi  iik  piers  an  readily  varied  t  o  suit  any  nu  theseset  to  are STYLE=superscript  work.  obtained  with  t  the  greatest  possible  regularity  d  being  subject  to  the  slightest  variation,  through  count,  without  ation,  through  the  negligence  or  inattention  of  the  weaver.  Terms  :  —Ten  shillings  per  Loom.  Nett  cashw  hen STYLE=superscript  al  an  Parties  contracting  for  the  Patent-right  of  Looms,  __„  l  paying  in  advance,  previous  to  their  b  e  i  ng  se  t  to  wor  k,  be  allowed  a  discount  of  2-1  per  cent.  for  50  l  ooms  ,  inereaSub  2-1  per  cent.  for  each  extra  50,,  up  to  1,000.  Manufacturers  will  b  e  h  e  ld  respons  ibl  e  f  or  t  h  e  paymen  4.  -  o  f  the  Patent-right,  and  are  cautioned  not  to  use  the  meat,  without  an  immediate  settlement  with  the  P  a  tentee;  and  all  persons  are  cautioned  against  in  any  way  infringing  on  this  patent,  which  is  taken  for  the  protection  of  a  e  lls STYLE=superscript  or  carved  beam  (for  adapting  the  Positive  T  a  king-up  Mod!'  to  the  weaving,  by  power,  of  linen,  and  other  yarns  0  .  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  ° STYLE=superscript  similar  texture,)  made,  either  solid  or  hollow,  of  any  metal,  metallic  or  other  substance,  and  the  principle  of  the  invert'  tion,  and  method  of  applying  it  otherwise  the  Patentee  will  be  compelled  to  resort  to  measures  which  will  e  nable,  him  to  maintain  his  rights,  and  which  he  would  regre'  being  obliged  to  adopt.  He  will  consider  further  condo!'  unnecessary.  For  further  information  and  Licenses,  apply  to  the  Pe Petentee,  tentee, Petentee,  EDWARD  THOMAS,  at  Bedford-street  Facto*  Belfast."
