text
"SCOTLAND  WARD  -----  -  In  this  ward  the  contest  was  kept  up  with  spirit  for  a  short  time,  but  long  before  one  o'clock,  the  return  of  Mr.  Wood Woodruff  ruff Woodruff  was  beyond  doubt—so  much  so,  in  fact,  that  even  Mr.  Jack,  the  opposing  candidate,  came  forward  and  recorded  his  vote  in  his  favor.  At  the  close  of  the  poll,  the  numbers  were—  Mr.  Woodruff  •  •  Mr.  Jack  Majority  for  Woodruff  ...  ,  ..  185.  The  announcement  of  the  poll  was  received  with  deaf deafening  ening deafening  cheers  by  the  large  concourse  of  people  who  were  gathered  outside  Mr.  Woodruff's  Committee-rooms  during  the  day,  and  after  Mr.  Gardner  had  congratulated  them  on  the  event,  Mr.  WOODRUFF  came  forward  and  briefly  addressed  them.  lie  thanked  the  electors  of  the  ward  for  having  thus  for  the  third  time,  returned  him  as  their  representative,  and  said  that  now  the  contest  was  over,  he  should  draw  no  dis distinction  tinction distinction  between  supporter  and  opponent,  but  should  do  all  in  his  power  to  promote  the  general  interests  of  the  ward.  He  looked  upon  the  electors  of  the  ward  as  one  body,  all  equally  deserving  of  his  attention  ;  and  any  complaint  which  they  might  make  to  him,  either  in  their  individual  or  collective  capacity,  he  should  endeavour  to  have  re redressed.  dressed. redressed.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  Woodruff  then  paid  a  compliment  to  Mr.  Jack,  for  having  not  only  withdrawn  from  the  contest,  but  for  having  voted  for  him,  and  in  conclusion  thanked  his  committee  for  their  exertions  in  his  behalf.  (Applause.)  Mr.  Councillor  THOMSON'  then  addressed  the  crowd,  and  said  that  in  electing  their  present  representative,  the  electors  had  conferred  an  honor  to  Mr.  Woodruff,  and  a  service  on  themselves.  (Cheers.)  VAUXHALL  WARD.  The  contest  in  this  ward  was  of  the  most  exciting  nature.  During  the  day  the  candidates  were  neck  and  neck,  one  leading  for  a  short  time,  the  other  then  taking  his  place.  This  continued  up  to  about  half  - STYLE=superscript  past  three  , STYLE=superscript  when  Mr.  Nichol  •  son  got  at  the  head  of  the  poll,  and  maintained  the  lead  to  the  close,  although  a  vigorous  effort  was  made  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Powell's  friends  to  return  their  candidate.  At  the  close  of  the  poll  the  numbers  were—  Mr.  Nicholson,  the  retiring  member..  Mr.  Powell  ....  .  Majority  for  Mr.  Nicholson  .  During  the  day  there  was  a  strong  body  of  police  in  attendance  to  preserve  order,  a  precaution  which  was  not  at  all  needless  on  one  or  two  occasions.  After  the  close  of  the  poll,  Dr.  BRADLEY  announced  from  the  window  of  Mr.  Powell's  committee-room,  the  result  of  the  polling,  intimating  that  they  had  lost  by  a  very  small  majority;  and  hoping  on  the  next  occasion  they  would  be  successful.  They  would  have  won  but  for  their  opponents  having  brought  up  all  the  dup duplicate  licate duplicate  votes  of  other  wards.  Mr.  PowELL  also  addressed  the  crowd  assembled.  He  thanked  them  for  the  efforts  which  they  had  made  on  his  behalf.  Although  he  had  been  defeated,  he  could  not  look  upon  his  defeat  with  regret,  for  he  had  no  ambition  for  a  seat  in  the  Council.  He  would  now  retire,  never  again  to  contest  for  any  other  ward  in  the  town  ;  and  in  conclusion,  he  called  upon  all  who  had  assembled,  to  retire  peaceably  to  their  homes,  and  live  in  peace  and  harmony  with  those  who  were  their  opponents  to-day.  (Applause.)  Prom  Mr.  Nicholson  's  committee-reom,  the  parties  who  had  assembled  outside  were  addressed  by  Mr.  Nicholson  and  Mr.  F  ernih  ouch  .  Mr.  NlcHoLsorl  thanked  the  electors  for  the  proud  and  honourable  position  in  which  they  had  again  placed  him,  and  pledged  himself  to  discharge  the  duties  of  his  office  to  the  best  of  his  ability.  The  proceedings  then  terminated,  and  everything  passed  off  quietly  in  the  ward.  ST.  PAUL'S  WARD.  Mr.  Oliver  Holden,  re-elected  without  opposition  EXCHANGE  WARD.  Mr.  Charles  Turner,  re-elected  without  opposition.  CASTLE-STREET  WARD.  Mr.  George  Holt,  re-elected  without  opposition.  ST.  PETER'S  WARD.  Mr.  James  Holme,  re-elected  without  opposition.  PITT-STREET  WARD.  In  this  Ward,  the  retiring  member,  Mr.  Walter  Powell  Jeffreys,  was  opposed  by  Mr.  John  Smith.  From  the  com commencement  mencement commencement  of  the  polling  Mr.  Jeffreys  kept  the  lead  by  a  considerable  majority,  and  at  the  close  the  numbers  were  —  Mr.  Jeffreys.  Mr.  Smith  Majority  for  Mr.  Jeffreys...  95  Mr.  JEFFREYS  addressed  the  electors  at  the  close  of  the  poll,  thanking  them  for  the  confidence  which  they  had  again  reposed  in  him.  GREAT  GEORGE  WARD.  Mr.  Alexander  Shand  elected,  without  opposition,  in  the  place  of  Mr.  W.  A.  Clayton,  the  retiring  member,  who  declined  to  be  again  put  in  nomination.  RODNEY-STREET  WARD.  Mr.  James  Aspinall  Tobin,  re-elected  without  opposition.  ABERCROMBY  WARD.  In  this  ward,  Mr.  R.  C.  Gardner,  the  retiring  member,  had  to  encounter  the  opposition  of  Mr.  J,  H.  Braneker,  who  came  forward,  however,  under  disadvantageous  cir circumstances,  cumstances, circumstances,  an  active  canvass  having  been  going  on  for  Mr.  Gardner  some  time  before  Mr.  Braneker  was  announced  as  a  candidate.  At  the  opening  of  the  poll,  Mr.  Gardner  took  the  lead,  and  continued  to  increase  his  morit  when  about  noon  Mr.  Brancker  retired  from  the  contest  , STYLE=superscript  when  the  numbers  Mr.  Gardner  ..  ..  Mr.  Brancker  ...  ~  .  Majority  for  Mr.  flaranor  _  24.5  At  the  close  of  the  poll,  Mr.  GARDNER  addressed  his  friends  and  supporters  fawn  the  window  of  the  Phcenix  Hotel,  Mount-pleasant,  thanking  them  for  the  honor  they  had  conferred  upon  him,  by  re-electing  himby  such  a  large  majority.  LIME-STRET  WARD.  Mr.  John  Buck  Lloyd,  re-elected  without  opposition  ST.  ANNE'S  WARD.  Mr.  John  Nicholson,  re-elected  without  opposition.  Majority  for  Mr.  Clint  WEST  DERBY  WARD.  Great  interest  was  attached  to  the  contest  in  'this  ward.  The  retiring  member,  Mr.  J.  M.  Wood,  did  not  offer  him himself  self himself  for  re-election,  and  the  candidates  on  the  present  occa occasion  sion occasion  were  Mr.  Wm.  Earle  and  Mr.  Francis  Anderson  Clint.  At  the  opening  of  the  poll  Mr.  Earle  took  the  lead,  and  from  about  ten  o'clock  to  two,  his  majority  stood  at  between  twenty  and  thirty.  At  this  hour,  however,  a  change  took  place,  Mr,  Clint  being  assisted  by  the  supporters  of  Mr  Gardner  from  A.bercromby  ward,  whose  cars  were  to  be  seen  flying  about  in  every  direction,  bringing  up  voters  in  the  interest  of  Mr.  Clint.  From  this  time  Mr.  rapidly  diminished,  and  at  three  o'clock  the  ° STYLE=superscript  tel  tY STYLE=superscript  were  equal,  and  from  this  hour  to  the  c  lose STYLE=superscript  E  tw  a  o  rle  c  t  a  s  ndi  m  aa  aj  of  the  poll  it  was  a  and  race,  Mr.  Earle  for  a  few  minutes  heading  his  opponent  by  one  or  two,  and  then  again  losing  the  lead  by  about  the  same  number  of  votes.  As  the  hour  of  four  approachete  eontest  became  most  ex  citing,  it  being  understood  that  at  h STYLE=superscript  a  quarter  to  four  Mr.  Clint  headed  his  opponent  by  two  votes.  Within  the  last  few  minutes  some  half  dozen  voters  came  up  in  succes succession  sion succession  in  favor  of  Mr.  Clint,  and  it  was  then  seen  that  Mr.  Earle's  chance  was  gone.  One  of  the  last  gentlemen  who  prin  cipal  of  Collegiate  Institution.  The  Rev.  gentleman  was  loudly  cheered  by  the  friends  of  Mr.  Clint,  as  he  retired  from  the  polling  booth.  The  numbers  at  the  close  were,  M  r  .  Clint  -  -  250  •  Mr.',Earle  -  -  -  241  •  At  four  o'clock  the  successful  candidate's  !friends  repaired  to  the  Edge  Hill  coffee-house,  from  the  window  of  which  Mr.  Rowett  announced  the  numbers,  and  congratulated  them  on  the  victory  they  had  achieved.  Mr.  CLINT  then,  came  forward,  and  was  received  with"
