text
"CANADA  The  Quebec  Mercury  publishes  the  following  speech  of  W.  Jackson,  Esq.,  M.  P.,  at  an  entertainment  given  at  that  place.  Wm.  Jackson,  Esq.,  rose  and  said  :—There  are  periods  in  a  man's  life  when  he  is  called  upon  to  speak  plainly.  At  this  railway  meeting  a  few  railway  remarks  are  expected  from  me,  and  you  will  excuse  MC,  if  for  a  few  moments,  I  am  rather  dry.  With  the  eyes  of  all  men  upon  me  I  hardly  know  how  to  begin,  or  how  to  finish.  The  way  in  which  I  am  surrounded,  is  such  that  I  never  can  forget  the  dis distinguished  tinguished distinguished  honour  done  to  me.  I  had  no  right  to  expect  it.  But  I  may  speak  of  my  .  associates  of  whom  I  am  justly  proud.  They  have  carried  into  effect,  undertakings  in  Nor Norway,  way, Norway,  Belgium,  Italy  and  Egypt,  having  completed  works  to  the  extent  of  millions,  and  never  had  a  dispute,  The  firm  with:which  I  am  associated  esteem  the  value  of  character,  and  will  not  sacrifice  the  value  on  this  side  of  the  Atlantic.  We  have  come  here,  courting  no  man's  favor,  and  fearing  no  man's  frown.  What  we  have  undertaken,  we  shall  fulfil,  and  to  show  the  earnestness  of  my  speech,  I  may  be  per permitted  mitted permitted  to  remark  that  since  Mr.  Betts  and  myself  left  Great  Britain,  forty-six  ships  have  sailed  for  North  America  on  our  account.  We  have  endeavoured  to  anticipate  your  anticipations,  by  an  outlay  of  capital,  and  by  bring bringing  ing bringing  to  an  early  completion  those  lines  of  road  for  which  we  have  contracted.  Even  th  ,, STYLE=superscript  ugh  ill  should  come  of  it,  we  have  resolved  to  take  our  chance.  We  do  not,  however,  ap apprehend  prehend apprehend  loss.  Your  country  has  wonderful  resources,  and  will  repay  any  outlay  of  capital  however  great.  When  I  went  home  last  fall,  I  was  full  of  the  most  sanguine  expec expectations  tations expectations  till  I  was  almost  afraid  to  communicate  them  to  any  associates,  but.  one  of  our  firm,  the  most  cold  of  any  'has  come  with  me,  and  he  is  fully  sensible  of  the  great  railway  traffic  which  will  yet  be  in  this  province,  a  province  which  is  fast  hastening  to  independence,  and  which  is  even  now  fit  companion  for  older  countries.  Eventually  it  will  be  hide hidependent.  pendent. hidependent.  But  turning  from  that  point,  nowhere  have  we  received  such  heartfelt  kindness  as  in  this  city  of  Quebec,  which  used  to  be,  after  the  Ist  December,  the  Cul-de-Sac  of  Canada,  from  which  we  must  now  relieve  the  young  ladies.  *  *  *  *  *  *  •  *  *  The  railway  system  cheapens  the  transport  of  sawn  timber.  17,000,000  of  feet  will  pass  over  the  line  to  Portland  in  a  year,  and  indeed  the  whole  produce  of  the  Ottawa  will  find  its  way  to  market  by  the  railroad  instead  of  in  the  raft.  Mr.  Jackson  next  alluded  to  the  suddenly  getting  rich  rumours,  and  said  :  —lt  had  been  said  that  their  firm  had  placed  at  the  disposal  of  a  membor  of  the  ministry  £50,000.  nu  - STYLE=superscript  cue  statement.  He  could  say  positively  that  neither  directly  or  indirect)  , STYLE=superscript  had  any  newspaper  or  minister  been  corrupted  by  the  firm  to  which  he  belonged.  The  press  had  accused  him  of  being  adverse  to  the  North  Shore  Rail Railroad,  road, Railroad,  but  he  could  not  accuse  himself  of  having  been  so.  He  hoped  the  enterprise  would  succeed.  The  North  Shore  road  would  rather  be  an  advantage  to  that  on  the  south  shore  than  otherwise.  The  steamboat  companies  would  only  suffer,  for  travellers  would  come  to  Quebec  by  the  North  Shore,  and  return  by  the  South.  Mr.  Jackson  then  spoke  of  his  travels  through  the  pro province,  vince, province,  lauded  its  resources,  and  sat  down  amid  great  applause.  LONDON  AND  NORTH  WESTERN,  AND  SHREWSBURY  AND  BIRMINGHAM  COMPANIES.—It  appears  that  the  state statement  ment statement  in  the  public  prints,  to  the  effect  that  Vice-Chancellor  Wood  had  granted  an  injunction,  on  the  application  of  ,  the  London  and  North  Western,  restraining  the  Shrewsbury  and  Birmingham  from  running  trains  over  the  Stour  Valley,  is  not  so,  but  that  the  matter  is  to  stand  over  for  reference  es  to  tolls,  &amp;c.,  until  the  first  week  in  next  month.  EXTRAORDINARY  CASE----CLIFDEN  SESSIONS.--Mary  Kyne,  an  infant,  by  John  Kyne  her  father,  v.  Michael  Nlulroe.—This  case  excited  a  good  deal  of  painful  sympathy.  It  appeared  in  the  course  of  the  evidence  that  the  defendant  owned  a  pig  of  singular  ferocity,  which  attacked  a  little  girl  of  six  years  of  age,  sister  to  the  infant  plaintiff;  some  weeks  ago,  and  the  hild  with  difficulty  escaped  from  it,  and  that  although  the  defendant  had  notice  of  this  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  from  the  parents  of  the  ehild,  he  did  not  take  sufficient  precaution  to  prevent  the  animal  from  committing  the  atrocity  now  complained  of,  and  on  the  first  September,  while  the  parents  of  the  child  were  digging  their  breakfast,  the  pig  went  into  the  house,  dragged  the  little  child,  two  years  old,  from  her  cradle,  cat  off  one  of  her  hands  com completely,  pletely, completely,  and  three  fingers  of  the  other,  when  the  mother  at attracted  tracted attracted  by  the  creature's  cries,  rescued  her.  The  poor  Child  was  in  court,  and  the  wounds  presented  a  most  distressing  spectacle.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  ownership  to  the  pig  was  denied  ;  but  his  wershipconsidering  it  clearly  proved,  decreed  that  the  defendant  should  pay  410,  by  yearly  instal instalments  ments instalments  of  £2  each,  to  be  placed  in  Lord  Leitrim's  hands,  as  landlord  of  the  parties,  to  be  invested  for  the  benefit  of  the  child,  and  not  to  be  handed  to  the  parents,  lest  the  child  may  net  derive  the  benefit  from  it.  —Galway  Packet.  ,POLICE  COURTS.-YESTERDAY.  LIVERPOOL.  A  sailor  was  charged  with  bringing  ashore  out  of  a  vessel  lilb.  of  foreign  manufactured  tobacco  and  cigars.  It  appeared  that  he  had  brought  his  luggage  ashore  into  the  Nelson  Dock,  when  it  was  examined,  after  which  he  returned  to  the  ship  and  brought  out  the  tobacco  and  cigars.—He  was  fined  20s.  A  man  named  John  Stubbs  was  charged  by  a  woman,  in  whose  house  he  lodged,  with  stealing  3s.  4d.  from  her.  It  appeared  that  the  prisoner  borrowed  the  money  under  pre pretence  tence pretence  of  releasing  some  clothes,  and  left  the  house  taking  with  him  what  articles  of  property  he  had  there,  and  did  not  return.  The  prosecutor  met  him  by  chance  in  Soho Sohostreet,  street, Sohostreet,  and  had  him  arrested.  It  was  stated  by  the  police  officer  that  the  prisoner  had  obtained  £3  from  the  Rev.  Dr.  Raffles,  but  that  gentleman  was  not  in  town  at  present.  The  case  was  accordingly  ordered  to  stand  over  until  to-morrow.  ESCAPING  FROM  PRlSON.—Charles  Robinson  Bromley,  chief  warder  of  the  borough  gaol,  appeared  to  prosecute  a  man  named  John  Smith,  for  having  escaped  while  under undergoing  going undergoing  his  sentence.  It  appeared  that  in  October,  1852,  the  prisoner  was  tried  at  the  sessions,  committed  for  felony,  and  sentenced  to  twelve  months  imprisonment  with  hard  labour.  While  in  gaol  he  was  put  to  work  in  a  joiner's  shed,  which  was  erected  against  the  rear  wall  of  the  gaol.  On  the  night  of  the  20th  of  December,  prisoner  was  seen  by  the  warder  safe  iu  his  cell,  next  morning,  shortly  before  seven  o'clock,  the  warder  saw  a  roughly  constructed  ladder  placed  upon  the  joiner's  shed  and  reaching  to  the  top  of  the  wall,  a  height  of  from  fifteen  to  eighteen  feet.  On  further  exam examination  ination examination  it  was  discovered  that  the  prisoner  had  escaped  by  this  means.  On  the  19th  of  January,  police  constable  John  Marks  saw  the  prisoner  in  Paradise-street,  at  the  corner  of  Cable-street;  when  prisoner  saw  the  officer  he  ran  away,  but  was  pursued  and  apprehended.  He  was  brought  back  to  the  prison,  and  the  twelvemonths  having  now  expired,  the  warder  was  directed  to  prosecute  him  for  the  escape.  The  prisoner  had  been  out  of  gaol  nearly  a  month  when  he  was  arrested.  Court  :—This  is  a  case  which  the  recorder  must  deal  with,  and  I  shall  send  you  before  him.  Infor Informations  mations Informations  were  accordingly  ordered.  ROBBERIES  OF  WEARING  APPAREL.—Sarah  Lunt,  was  charged  with  stealing  three  dresses,  two  shawls,  and  a  scarf,  the  property  of  her  sisters-in-law,  Mary  Lunt.  Prosecutrix  said  prisoner  came  to  her  house  on  Saturday  night,  a  little  the  worse  for  liquor,  and  asked  for  her  husband;  she  told  her  he  was  not  there,  and  prisoner  then  went  to  search  the  house  for  him.  Prosecutrix  proceeded  for  a  policeman,  and  whilst  away,  the  robbery  was  committed.  Remanded  for  seven  days.-  Sarah  Irwin,  and  Jessie  McKensie,  ladies  of  easy  virtue,  were  charged  by  Mrs.  McGreer,  of  97,  Christian Christianstreet,  street, Christianstreet,  with  entering  her  house  at  Two  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning,  and  stealing  therefrom,  a  counterpane  and  child's  dress.  She  further  said,  that  she  met  the  prisoners  on  the  stairs,  when  Irwin  knocked  her  down,  and  McKensie  held  her  whilst  they  took  3s.  6d.  in  silver  from  her  pocket.  Prosecutrix  also  exhibited  a  slight  black  eye,  which  she  said  she  received  on  the  occasion.  The  prisoners  said,  prose prosecutrix  cutrix prosecutrix  kept  a  house  of  ill  fame,  which  she  denied,  and  the  case  was  generally  remanded,  in  order  that  inquiries  might  be  made.—  Catherine  Brokleboy  was  charged  with  stealing  a  pair  of  stockings  from  Barbara  Sullivan's  standing  in  Mill Millstreet.  street. Millstreet.  She  had  in  her  basket,  a  pair  of  new  children's  boots,  and  seven  pieces  of  meat.  She  had  taken  the  stock stocking  ings stocking  - STYLE=superscript  whilst  pretending  to  purchase  them.  The  case  was  remanded  to  this  day.--Thomas  Marshall,  William  Sinclair,  Anthony  Smith,  and  Samuel  Blooinchild,  seamen,  belonging  to  the  ship  Old  bound  for  New  Orleans,  were  ;charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel,  and  various  miscellaneous  articles  from  the  ship;  It  appearing  that  the  vessel  was  within  the  Cheshire  boundary  on  the  river,  the  Magistrates  had  no  jurisdiction,  and  prisoners  were  directed  to  be  taken  to  Cheshire.—  Michael  Casey  was  remanded,  he  not  being  able  to  account  for  having  in  his  possession,  on  Sunday  morning,  on  the  Canal-bridge,  near  Mr.  Muspratt's  Chemical-works,  100  eggs,  a  leg  of  mutton,  and  four  pairs  of  children's  stockings,  which  were  conce  a  l  e  d  un  d  er  some  o  ld  rags  i  n  a  basket.—Mary  Magrath  and  John-  Ellis  were  committed  for  trial  to  sessions  for  having,  on  Saturday,  in  their  pos possession,  session, possession,  and  pawning  at  Mr.  Murdoch's,  in  Marybone,  a  valua valuable  ble valuable  coat,  the  property  of  Mr.  Greenwood,  printer,  7,  Faulkner-  street,  and  stolen  from  his  house  on  Friday  night.  —John  Thompson,  a  respectable-looking  old  man,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  coat,  the  property  of  a  fellow-lodger,  and  selling  it  to  John  Gorman,  a  broker,  of  No.  7,  Hatton-gardens,  for  sixpence.  The  prisoner  pleaded  d  es  tit  u  ti  on  ,  an  d  said  he  was  a  gilder  by  trade  and  could  get  no  work.  The  clerk  of  the  Court  said  this  man  was  only  just  out  of  gaol,  and  had  been  three  times  before  committed;  he  was  now  sentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment.  ROBBERIES  FROM  THE  PERSON.—Ann  Sing  was  charged  with  stealing  a  half-sovereign,  two  half-crowns  and  three  shillings  in  silver,  from  William  Wright,  in  Tithebarn-street.  Prosecutor,  after  being  robbed,  watched  prisoner  into  a  pub public-house,  lic-house, public-house,  and  then  informed  the  police.  When  arrested,  two  half-crowns  were  found  on  the  prisoner.  Sentenced  to  14  day's  imprisonment.  GRANDFATHER  WHITEHEAD.—Ann  Iremmit,  a  young  girl,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  purse  containing  half-a half-a-soverergn  soverergn half-a-soverergn  and  half-a-  crown,  from  a  very  old  man  of  re respectable  spectable respectable  apparel  and  appear  ante.  This  hoary  debauchee  met  prisoner  on  Saturday'  afternoon,  at  four  o'clock,  in  Church-street,  and  escorted  her  into  Leigh-street,  where  they  patronize  Smither's  beer-house.  Whilst  there.'  he  made  some  disgusting  proposals  to  the  girl,  and  she  de delivered  livered delivered  him  of  his  purse  and  money.  The  magistrates  indignantly  dismissed  the  complaint.  THE  YANKEE'S  DOLLARS.  — STYLE=superscript  Peter  M'Grath,  Catherine  p  nat  l  ge  y  ro  n  e.  n  sttinT  w  gh  er  et  e  rim  p  oo  n  wn  t  eey  frw  r  o  ewdisas  ard.  Flynn  is  M'Grath,  and  Patrick  iasysi  the  brothel  keeper,  supposed  by  the  police  to  have  secured  the  660  dollars  stolen  from  a  naturalized  American,cnhoatr,ghe  however,  s  dw.  ROBBERY  emen ementionedver  tionedver ementionedver  saoline  d  d  th STYLE=superscript  MBEZZLEMENT  FROM  AN  EMPLOYER.—  i  nus STYLE=superscript  l  g STYLE=superscript  s  Barr,  was  charged  with  s  t  ea  li  ng  £B,  th  e  AND  E  pftvhi  ca  by  inoi  a  monies  of  his  employer,  Mr.  James  Lamb,  ironmonger,  of  Stanley-street.  The  suspicions  of  prosecutor  were  first  aroused  by  hearing  of  very  extravagant  •  purchases  on  the  part  of  prisoner  in  the  shop  of  Mr.  M'Taggart,  draper.  On  Saturday  he  found  that  he  had  paid  a  bill  of  some  pounds  there,  altogether  inconsistent  with  his  means  ;  for  he  was  but  an  apprentice,  receiving  eighteen  shillings  a-week.  Prisoner  had  access  to  a  safe  where  Mr.  Lamb  kept  certain  monies.  He  should  make  up  his  cash  at  a  certain  time.  Mr.  Lamb  missed  £B,  and  Barr,  when  accused,  could  not  make  up  the  cash  ;  he  then  said  he  took  the  money  but  did  not  mean  to  keep  it.  The  case  was  sent  to  Sessions  for  trial.  CHARGE  or  MURDER.—Emanuel  Montero  and  Thomas  Williams,  the  first  a  Spanish,  and  the  latter  an  American  sailor,  were  charged  with  having,  on  Sunday  morning,  at  half halfpast  past halfpast  twelve  o'clock,  in  Charles-street,  off  Whiteehapel,  stab stabbed  bed stabbed  two  English  sailors,  names].  Richard  Crispin  and  John  Crimp,  one  of  whom  has  since  died.  It  was  stated  that  the  present  investigation  by  the  magistrates  was  necessary  (as  the  coroner  was  not  going  to  hold  an  inquest  to-day)  in  order  to  justify  a  commitment.  The  first  witness  examined  was  police-constable  Francis  ONeil,  220,  who  deposed  that  at  half halfpast  past halfpast  twelve  o'clock  091  Sunday  morning  he  was  in  Charles Charlesstreet,  street, Charlesstreet,  on  duty  in  that  neighbourhood.  A  row  took  place  at  the  bottom  end  of  the  street.  He  went  to  disperse  the  crowd.  They  all  went.  away  and  he  turned  into  Whitehapel,  and  there  was  a  . STYLE=superscript  crowd  there  round  a  man  that,  was  lying  in  the  street,  bleeding  very  badly  ;  it  was  stated.  to  witness  that  he  had  been  stabbed  by  a  foreigner,  who  ran  up  Church Church'  ' Church'  street,  round  the  corner  of  Marlborough-street.  When  the  officer  went  up  there  he  found  a  man  standing  bleeding  against  the  corner.  There  was  no  sign  of  the  parties  who  had  committed  the  offence,  and  he  subsequently  took  the  _person  who  had  since  died  to  the  Northern  Hospital.  The  other  person  is  still  lying  there  in  a  dangerous  state.  He  apprehended,  yesterdr•  :afternoon,  about  half-past  five,  the  foreigner  Montero,  at  the  west  side  of  George's  Dock,  found  a  knife  stained  with  blood,  in  his  possession.  Thomas  Cottom,  Police  officer  509,  received  information  in  White Whitechapel  chapel Whitechapel  yesterday  afternoon,  and  in  consequence  of  it,  he  went  up  to  19,  Peter-street,  and  there  apprehended  the  prisoner  Williams  lying  on  a  sofa  in  the  house.  He  asked  if  he  knew  anything  about  a  case  of  stabbing  committed  in  Cha  r rles'-street  les'-street rles'-street  on  Saturday  night,  or  Sunday  morning,  he  said  he  knew  nothing  about  it.  As  he  was  taking  him  to  Bride Bridewell,'  well,' Bridewell,'  he  said  he  was  in  company  with  a  foreigner  who  had  done  the  deed  in  Whitechapel,  but  he  did  not  know  at  what  time  ;  he  had  remained  with  him  all  night,  and  they  had  both  slept  in  the  same  house,  and  that  the  man  had  gone  'away  that  morning  ;  when  he  brought  him  to  Bride Bridewell  well Bridewell  he  asked  to  speak  to  witness,  he  said  that  he  him himself  self himself  had  kicked:  one  of  the  men  that  was  hurt  twice,  because  he  called  him  a  b  y,  son  of  a  b  that  a  row  took  place  at  the  bottom  of  Charles-street,  and  that  he  went  to  19,  Peter-stret,  where  he  was  when  witness  '  had  taken  him.  (The  prisoner  himself  stated  that  he  had  got  first  into  a  row  with  the  two  stabbed  men  before  Mon Montero  tero Montero  came  up.  Harriet  T,etgrime,  liveg  in  ohm-les-street;  about  twenty  minutes  past  twelve  on  Saturday  night  or  Sunday  morning  last,  there  was  a  row  in  the  street  where  she  lives  ;  notice  two  English  sailors  come  up  the  street,  one  a  tall  one,  the  other  a  little  one  ;  they  appeared  to  be  sober.  She  went  into  the  street.  The  prisoner  Williams  says  to  the  two  sailors,  do  you  call  a  son  of  a  b  to  The  little  sailor  said  he  never  insulted  him,  nor  never  called  him  such  a  name.  Williams  up  with  his  foot  and  kicked  him  in  the  bottom  of  the  belly  ;  says  the  English  sailor,  will  you  give  me  another  half  dozen  of  The  prisoner  said  he  would,  and  up  with  his  foot  and  kielked  him  again  in  the  same  place.  Both  turned  out  to  fight  in  the  street;  the  Engliih  sailor  knocked  down  the  prisoner  Williams.  The  foreigner,  Montero,  stood  by'  smoking  a  cigar,  and  when  he  saw  the  prisoner  Williams  down,  he  turned  round  and  fought  with  the  tall  man  him himself.  self. himself.  Witness  went  away,  and  when  she  came  back  the  man  was  stabbed.  She  left  the  tall  man  and  ,the  foreigner,  Montero,  fighting.  Montero  stood  looking  on,  until  the  American  was  knocked  down,  then  Montero  first  interfered.—Betsy  Salmon,  lives  in  Cross-hall-street.  On  Sunday/morning,  about  a  quarter-past  twelve,  she  -was  com coming  ing coming  down  Charles-street,  .  when  she  heard  the  tall  young  sailor  chap  shouting  for  his  shipmates—ran  up  to  him,  and  said,  Young  man,  don't  be  foolish,  those  foreigners  always  carry  knifes.'  He  was  arguing  with  another  man,  and  that  man  was  a  foreigner.  Had  hardly  the  words  said,  when  the  foreigner  came  behind  witness,  and  stuck  a  knife  into  the  tall  man's  abdomen.  The  blood  spurted  over  her  clothes,  —  did  not  see  the  foreigner's  face.  Went  to  the  hospital,  and  closed  the  man's  eyes  and  mouth  after  he  died-=!  mss  Ormski;k..,  William  Garside.  Prescot...  Thomas  Traverse  reston  James  Lambert.  Of  -----  , STYLE=superscript  g  , STYLE=superscript  0  0.  PUBLISHING  OFFICES,  ESto  10  LIVERPOOL,  ig,  SOUTH  JOHN  ST.}  --  cHARL STYLE=superscript  pox  MANCHESTER,  9,  PRINcEss  T.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  YLLd  P. STYLE=superscript  Oxford-street,  at  his  General  Printing.  an  0  0  1.  Establishment,  19,  South  John-street,  LiveL  , STYLE=superscript  ',  o  o,  TUESDAY,  OCTOBER  AD  P4_TB00049 .  techap  tr.-  - STYLE=superscript  ,  Thompson,  lives  in  74,  'Mu  Ut  '  street,  grocer,  and  provision  dealer.  .  no  on  Saturday  night,  or  Sunday  morning' STYLE=superscript  ..av  fight  Opp  '  the  door,  I  opened  it,  and  saw  a  fie,  is.lit,s.  The  m  went  forward  to  separate  the  corab,aw`  othe  rp  Montero,  was  fighting  the  tallman  ;  tne  being  ,  him  saying  something  about  his  fir  face  ,  face  , STYLE=superscript  tall  man.  struck  the  Spaniard  ,in  the  tall  •  stepped  back—the  little  one  was  urgoi  rben  ti  , STYLE=superscript  and  strike  him  (Montero)  again.'  ~.,,e  l  i  tt°  Montero,  walked  forward  to  him  and  att;  l  ot  I  saw  the  flash  of  the  knife.  He  stoPPr  o  fthe  struck  the  other  sailor.  I  saw  the  fia!t  1  ,01  hand  as  he  struck  the  little  man,  wh  o STYLE=superscript  i  corner,.  and  fell  down  ;  immediately  ait,e_r  iesaes  lying  in  the  street  ;  saw  him  lifted  into STYLE=superscript  0  witness  deposed  to  his  (Montero)  wiPign  &amp;  ft  '  28  .  THE  £1,300  ROBBERY  AT  3.---  ,„b  e  i  in  the  house.  Both  prisoners  were  i  r  vms  ema  us  n  .  1  ,  ,.  _  00  James  St.  Alban  Quinn,  charged  wit  h  C STYLE=superscript  7  . STYLE=superscript  c.„„  '  s  ,  13s.  2d.  the  property  of  Messrs.  Train  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  11 STYLE=superscript  `  A  0  0  ,  `----__  of  June,  1852.  Prisoner  was  apprehends  i  ,  THE  America.  He  had  been  employed  in  w  0  0  '  clerk.  He  was  authorised  to  receive  nione_l  ll  ,l  l  freights,  but  it  was  his  duty  to  account  for  7.  0  •  -  cashier  as  soon  after  he  had  received  the  Ta  ii  °  ~  ‘.  He  had  received  the  money  that  he  was'  ~  ~1  1 STYLE=superscript  ;!.  bezzling  on  the  30th  of  June,  1852,  and  (  l  ii  g  .  ''.11.&amp;  ..  that  day.  The  prisoner  said  that  not  11 STYLE=superscript  %  a  •  ill  -tn  thi  n  sional  person  engaged,  he  should  apPlf....`  dg  ,  A STYLE=superscript  FIELD  his  case  accordingly  stands  over  until  Wl°  A'  4 STYLE=superscript  1  ei  r  n  o  '  4  ppe  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  OF  COTTON.--  ja STYLE=superscript  S'  1  , STYLE=superscript  4  t  0 STYLE=superscript  Melb  charged  with  having  in  his  possession,  o  n STYLE=superscript  A  j  e..  bet'  pa  r  ti„  six  bales  of  cotton,  stolen  from  the  Ny'°`.,&#34;  JA  McGregor,  Titehill-street.  Thomas  Tit'l  364 STYLE=superscript  f  r  iv.  said  that  the  prisoner  came  on  the  preveas,..,  ,  ner's  warehouse,  Ritchen-streee,.  to  ask  r,..,  \  215  bales  of  cotton,  6  were  missing,  and  °  ,  i'  , STYLE=superscript  ,  \  T  now  produced.  James  Harrison,  carter,  de'  '  li  d  N  1  oR  `  E  ‘  B  .  Purall  came  to  him  at  the  Queen's  dock,  ',  o  ff  '  oit STYLE=superscript  INIEI  would  he  have  a  load  in  Kitchen-street,  w  '''  N.  Station.  He  said  they  had  them  all  read  f.  .„  _  them  accordingly  from  Kitchen-street,  and  -  '  s  ~..  c  Purall,  and  two  others,  he  delivered  '  0  Prisoner  who  had  only  agreed  with  him  f''''  upon  delivery  gave  him  eighteen  pence  est/  q  ;  4;  .  .  A  Hughes  deposed,  that  he  is  foreman  on  the  .E.  .  5  i.....  ic  is  his  duty  to  receive  cotton  from  the  carter,  b  ,  •-,  all  first  receipt  if  required.  He  suspected  this''  t  ,,,'twe  en  ceived  it,  because  it  was  not  in  proper  con'  .  - STYLE=superscript  7-  , STYLE=superscript  Water  ar  not  know  the  carter  who  told  him  that  bei  ,  ;11,  and  ea  receipt  in  a  public  house  hard  by.  He  Per'  i  134tio  r  t,  s  ha  B  ,  marks  had  been  cut  out  of  these  bales,  '  ':  11  k  serted,  and  at  once  gave  information  to  .  ,  4:;',  1 STYLE=superscript  1  of  l  prisoner  was  sent  for  trial  to  the  Quarter  '  H STYLE=superscript  oards,  fc  WHITE  AND  BLACK  SHEEP.  Edward  ,  With  1  charged  with  having,  at  half-past  one  on  S&#34;',  at  the  Cobourg  docks,  assaulted  a  man  '  ,,  ,  w  working  for  Mr.  Kennedy,  in  discharging  the  ;  ?  \  It  appeared  that  prosecutor  '  l STYLE=superscript  /  1  :'  called  a  black  working  against  t STYLE=superscript  ,  (  body,  self:  constituted  white  'P.',  (ci  , STYLE=superscript  said  that  he  should  protect  men  who  were  41  Nister  ;  '  against  those  who  were  not  inclined  to  do  soy  '  this  case  under  the  statute  of  intimidatiolv  v  :  ad,  in  e'  violence,  by  which  it  was  in  his  power  to  giv  e STYLE=superscript  b  I STYLE=superscript  :  G STYLE=superscript  E-  - STYLE=superscript  I  three  months  imprisonment.  lie  should  oh  ty  q  tea  rber,  for  the  intimidation,  visit  him  with  one  13.  0 STYLE=superscript  11.  4 STYLE=superscript  V0  41q  YkeE-  meat  and  hard  labour.  ,  'ePternber,  AN  AMIABLE  PARTNER  FOR  .  LIFE.  —A  19 STYLE=superscript  4  , STYLE=superscript  w  k STYLE=superscript  lged  to  b  named  Webster,  was  charged  with  having,  on..  .  Q  al STYLE=superscript  itation.  thrown  a  quantity  of  vitriol  over  her  husbano  ',  .&#34;'  Particul  he  was  asleep.  It  was  stated  by  a  medical  g  i  fleeted  with  the  Infirmary,  that  the  poor  sol  .4  brought  there  with  his  face  terribly  burnt,  a°  ~  ,  it( STYLE=superscript  Y  l STYLE=superscript  '  yet,  fit  for  removal.  The  case  was  therefore  °  SAIL  A:  Thursday.  %;  STABBING.—John  Bevis,  a  wild  looking  old  &#34;'  1  mitted  to  take  his  trial  at  the  Sessions,  for  °  t STYLE=superscript  ''  'Th  named  Thomas  Chapman,  in  the  knee,  on  SO;  ..  -  -  the  16th  inst.,  in  a  lodging-house,  in  Glouces,  appeared  that  both  parties  came  from  New  I'  ll  .  in  the  Samuel  and  on  the  first  nig,  '  prisoner,  whom  the  passengers  called  e STYLE=superscript  .  drunk  and  assaulted  indiscriminately  every  one  kr,  e,  l  i  new  b STYLE=superscript  One  or  two  of  the  lodgers  got  under  the  bed,  '3l,,xltei  L  e  the  I  was  badly  stabbed  in  the  knee.  471Qasion  s  ar,  k  kt  able  (  n  g  ,  MANCHESTER.  ,  apt  ,  'ation  s  for  DARING  GAROTTE  ROBBERY.—At  the  City  ne  ,to  b  e  u  e  yesterday,  a  person  apparently  about  30  P  7.  '  n  and  i  ' STYLE=superscript  t  V  I STYLE=superscript  ,  into  Low  etrheStnweeadl  named  Thomas  _Darcy,  was  placed  in  the  dock,  i  .:'  l STYLE=superscript  '  o STYLE=superscript  ol  to  A  having  assaulted  and  robbed  William  Foll  e STYLE=superscript  '  f  ,  Y  ' STYLE=superscript  a  d STYLE=superscript  tte  the STYLE=superscript  ;  C' STYLE=superscript  v  ey  er  ,  ,s  ne  s  ar  the  ,  Queen's  Park.  It  it,  41i  supplied  on  Saturday  evening,  about  10  o'clock,  the  1 STYLE=superscript  .  to  the  ex-officer  of  police,  Angel-street STYLE=superscript  ßianci),for  view  e  d  by  of  ale.  The  prisoner,  in  the  company  of  three  t  t,  '  t  4,  or  pa  thep  (k  se  ep  e  t  f  o  h  /  ,isr  i  itit,  of  men,  were  in  the  house  while  the  prosecutorwa  ° STYLE=superscript  i  r‘tILLEI  prisoner  and  his  companions  created  a  distil  i STYLE=superscript  c  i  house  and  broke  one  or  two  squares  of  glass,  M  to  of  which  the  landlord,  assisted  by  his  waiter,  I'  In  about  ten  minutes  afterwards,  the  prosecutor  '..,  \,-).  A  to  go  out  of  the  house,  upon  which  the  prisoner  e  ia  ',  --  him,'  throttled  him,  knocked  him  down,  and  l'.„  .  on  Fone's  breast,  while  either  the  prisoner  ',.  0  ,  ,  A  ;.s.  -,  of  his  ed  companions,  pockets,  panions  f  t  r  h  e  e  m  pr  w  os  h  e  i  c  e  u  h  to  t  r  he  c  y  oul  gu  d  ec  o  e:d  t STYLE=superscript  te  d  .s  i  li  ii  ,  4  \  x  ,  riffisix  half-cro  wns  .  H  o  h  ear  d  one  of  the  part,  Cl  ‘ STYLE=superscript  you  got  it  upon  w  hi  c  h  they  all  ran  off  in  '  4  :  0  4  Dyke-street,  except  the  prison  er  ,  w  h  o  was  .I°-.Ef  Bianci's  waiter  standing  near  to  the  prosear  o  rwas  however,  he  effected  his  escape4YOnest  i  ° STYLE=superscript  l  a  i  s  in  , STYLE=superscript  by  the  prisoner  until  the  blood  came  011  b  Of  „  e  it  I  forthwith  assisted  into  Bianci's  house,  wu  c STYLE=superscript  i  a  ,  tamed  on  search  being  made,  that  his  pock  ets STYLE=superscript  riffled,  and  that  he  had  been  robbed  of  sil  utespreNi  ehr  previously  he  hadwheasspe  seen  ea  st  t  w STYLE=superscript  io  h STYLE=superscript  n  ic STYLE=superscript  o  h STYLE=superscript  f  athfeewas  min  utes  and  robbery  oh  police,  and  on  Sunday  morning,  at  about  10  o'ekv  .  :l  soner  was  apprehended  at  a  lodging-house,  4  1 STYLE=superscript  ,'„  e  ...  street,  by  Sub-Inspector  Henry  Duckworth.  )- STYLE=superscript  ;  e  0  .„  s  denied  he  committed  the  robbery,  but  did  not  0  el.  was  one  of  those  who  assaulted  the  prosecutor.  ~  soner  was  fully  commited  to  take  his  trial  at  the  0  8.1  pool  assizes.  -.  .  I.lv  .  ri  ir  '  DUTY  ON  CANDLES  AND  TALLOW.  -- STYLE=superscript  .4,  ~  d  kt  a STYLE=superscript  i  t  :  11c  that  last  year  the  duty  on  candles  and  tallow  )  1 STYLE=superscript  '  I STYLE=superscript  ter_.2,,,i  e  r  ,  revenue  the  sum  of  £77,633.  itu  „  II  The  Great  Northern  Company  have,  .  4  1  ,  ARD  offered  Lord  Fitzwilliam  £60,060  a  year  for  his  et  „  N  e  'c  w  Z  on  a  lease  for  fifty  years.  A  considerable  pov  - STYLE=superscript  ,  4,  li.  ri  ,  coals  supplied  to  the  Great  Northern  come  from  g,'  l  ,  Newt  his'  lordship.—Yorkshire  Gazette.  1  , STYLE=superscript  it,  yti  igu  THE  LORD  LIEUTENAT  OF  IRELAND.  - STYLE=superscript  ',  l  l  ;  ',Eid  e  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  l  l  pease  of  the  establishment  of  the  Lord  Lieuteo  v STYLE=superscript  '  1 STYLE=superscript  1  , STYLE=superscript  ..i,  i5  land  was  last  year  £26,633,  including  £20,000  35 STYLE=superscript  It  4  5  •  M  e,  ,  1  his  Excellency.  A  /  41 STYLE=superscript  st  ~../  Ilt,i,_  f  \  I  / STYLE=superscript  '  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  T--  ,  th,  '''  i  f  7  L,,  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  and  '''  A STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  C,,  N  ew  multaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  ,  k  t  l STYLE=superscript  e.  it  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTIOP'  4,  °4 STYLE=superscript  .  el  .  ,„  0  ,;  1  IN  LIVERPOOL.  OUT  OF  LIV  P STYLE=superscript  /  ';  !‘elly  -  -- STYLE=superscript  0  0  ,  ,j  ;  lle  n  Term  for  In  advance  On  Credit  In  advance.  ;p:`,,vvf,  -  alias,  A  Year  ..  £3  0  o£4  0  0  £3  10  0  'a  t  11A  il  44  , STYLE=superscript  (s  s)  Half  year  ..  R  1  11  6  .4'2  2  0  .el  18  0  41  , STYLE=superscript  *hi  it  '4  t  i  fc STYLE=superscript  'e  Quarter  ..  .e  0  19  6el  5  0  £0  19  6  411  01 STYLE=superscript  1ar  36  .  1  %  ,..  ,  0 STYLE=superscript  'f  Single  Papers  3d.  I  Single  Paper'  1 STYLE=superscript  '  ly  it  ti STYLE=superscript  •  I  T  ,  .11 STYLE=superscript  Subscribers  who  do  not  pay  their  Subscriptions  with  ,S STYLE=superscript  t  8  .4,'4  , STYLE=superscript  tup  days  after  they  become  due,  will  be  charged,  when  pa's.  .1,,  credit  price  for  'all  papers  that  may  have  been  supPo'  It,'''ella  period  of  payment.  egintvseanrethinse  inserted  ldat,  1!.',a3,  ,  tr  , STYLE=superscript  ADVERTISEMENTS.  ,„1  ki'  '  lll STYLE=superscript  Scale  4,,iv.,  if  pre  payment  is  made.  Monthly  credit  is  only  ere!  c  t  ;t_it  a  .„  .  P,  n STYLE=superscript  advertisers,  and  an  addition  of  ten  per  cent.  is  charged  •  o  7,1',,  k  1 STYLE=superscript  Th  A STYLE=superscript  e  d STYLE=superscript  ir  an  t STYLE=superscript  n  is STYLE=superscript  o  er STYLE=superscript  u  s STYLE=superscript  nc  a STYLE=superscript  e  r STYLE=superscript  m  e STYLE=superscript  benefit  the  following  gePeai  v  4.4':&#34;..'  not  made  on  or  before  the  10th  of  each  month.  The  JO  '  '  , STYLE=superscript  e,  ;  scale  of  •  ~wt''  Charges  for  Single  Insertions-  ',  ',  fo  r  4 STYLE=superscript  'Y  2  1 STYLE=superscript  s  d  .  8  d  s  d  s:  l STYLE=superscript  '  ,  '  1,2,0  r  3  lines  1  0  10  or  11  lines  3  0  18  or  1  g  anis,  5  0  24 STYLE=superscript  '  0'  .  1 STYLE=superscript  kc,,,  4  ,  4or  5  „  16  12  or  13  „36200  r  21  ,  5  6 STYLE=superscript  3,'  0'  4',  4 STYLE=superscript  on  6or  7  ~  20  1  140  r  15  „4  0  22,  23,  or  24,  6  0  ,:'  sr)  ar STYLE=superscript  e  Lei  Bor  9  ~  261160r17  „  4  6  25,  26,  or  27,  6613/  '  M  ll STYLE=superscript  tla,  And  Sixpence  for  every  Additional  two  lines'  k  at  (  i  t;  , STYLE=superscript  -  , STYLE=superscript  Ar,  Scale  of  Prices  '  for  - STYLE=superscript  Contract  Advertise  vii STYLE=superscript  i  (  k  h  PAYABLE  IN  ADVANCE.  _....  .../  's  a'  0  k  4  ,;  1 STYLE=superscript  One  Month  3  Months  6  Months  h4  4  .`1  a,,  or  26  or  78_  '..  or  156  j  tql,  Insertions.  Insertions.  Insertions.  )  4  S  .  Dal  ---  ---  —I  /  s  w  w  e  s.  d.  •R  s.  d.  „e  s  .  d.  i  I,i,  ,  tre  Ito  3  lines  •  •  12  0  215  0  415  0 STYLE=superscript  I  / STYLE=superscript  N  it  '  I',  4or  5  lines  ..  113  0  42  6  72  6  0  :  t,'  (1  6or  7  lines  •  •  25  0  60  0  11  0  0 STYLE=superscript  11,  f  V  pal.  8,  9,  or  10  lines  37  0  815  0  15  15  0  p  i  k4tt  1,  12,  or  13  lines  49  0  11  10  0  '2O  10  0  4  4 STYLE=superscript  y,  14,  15,  or  16  Hoes  , STYLE=superscript  511  0  14  5  0  25  5  0  kig.  ior  every  additi-  .  t  't),,  C  Fonal  3  lines  or  11  2  0  215  0  415  0 STYLE=superscript  14  4 STYLE=superscript  ,4'',,,  4 STYLE=superscript  less.  ----  -----. STYLE=superscript  1  '  IN  k4 STYLE=superscript  k  t,  ---  -- STYLE=superscript  V  - STYLE=superscript  1;).•  vt  AGENTS  IN  THE  COUNT  1 STYLE=superscript  t.k:,;  i  qes,  4  o4  -.1  Ashton....  -  ..  •  •  •  a  ,  ~,  Birmingham  E.  Cooper.  W  i STYLE=superscript  ll  e STYLE=superscript  o  l STYLE=superscript  i  ‘4k STYLE=superscript  E.  &amp;C.  Mansell.  Runcorn...  ..  .  •  f.  i  Burnley  Mr.  Luteliffe.  ‘,-;%  ' STYLE=superscript  MY/  ‘  Nk  Bolton.  ....  •  1k;  800t1e.....  Barnsley  Richard  Pybus.  151.  4 STYLE=superscript  '  1  Choriey...  Crewe  Mary  Cotton.  ~  ,`  PI  '  q  Chester  Mr.  Horrop.  Southport.......  r;  o  oe  e  ,,,  i  ;  1  73  R.  &amp;  ff.  Taylor.  Stockport.....  •  •  f  t.  iii  l STYLE=superscript  if  ir  4;  4  11 STYLE=superscript  c  Douglas..  Mrs.  Quiggins.  „  jaW  e STYLE=superscript  tol  l STYLE=superscript  ,  141 STYLE=superscript  1'4  Holyhead  H.  G.  Hughes.  Wigan....  ..•  •  •  /  0.  -..  oo'  41,  II  ~f  Huddersfield,  Edward  Clayton.  Wootton...  .•  •  •  _....  -_,,  ~,  Hyde..  ......  Macclesfield....  Mr.  Shuttleworth  „  in  V  „  l  ;'  Ormskirk_  1.  ?  ,0  111  t  IJ  '3l STYLE=superscript  of  n  t  orb•  ItAL  SHIP  NEWS.  LIVr  RpooL,  Oct.  24.  Holyhead.—S.S.  W  ,  fresh.  'lverpool.—South,  moderate.  -- STYLE=superscript  Morning,  4  4  ;  Evening,  4  35  ;  He  glit,  0  3.  ARRIVED,  Oct.  24.  leaY,  Belize  ;  Nora  Creina,  tWfouudlani  ;  Lotus,  Ritchie,  .  l  aritier,  St.  John,  N.  8.;  Rapid  , STYLE=superscript  eivfound  ;  Margaret  Smith,  4 STYLE=superscript  tigua;  Anna  dlan STYLE=superscript  Maria,  Valle,  Ma  aga;  , STYLE=superscript  ids.  Rarbadoes:  A  zzards,  Alexan Alexan,  , Alexan,  Kurin,  Grand  saline  ;  Coaxer,  '''bruts  Mellor,  Rio  Janeiro,  I  OFF  FORT.  Ship  •  America,  (Frig)  ;  N.  York,  iN  .13.  ;  Lea.  SAILED,  Oct  fi  6,  H  ,, STYLE=superscript  wson,  New  York  ;  ,  J STYLE=superscript  ew  Yolk  ;  Kate,  Reid,  Halifax  L  t, STYLE=superscript  Rio  Janeiro  ;  Aberfoyle,  Day,  ; STYLE=superscript  ;  4 STYLE=superscript  e  ;  Lady  Eglbigton,  (s.)  I  isbon  , STYLE=superscript  13oyde.  Morrison,  Seville  ;  belly,  Malaga;  Arthur,  Aubner,  Olen,  Alain,  Caldera:  ylenara,  Fwfoundland  ;  Alps,  (s.)  Wickman.  l STYLE=superscript  a  3,  Hamburg.  MARA'rIME,  Oct.  24.  si  Holland,  from  Lisbon,  sailed  While  laying  at  Lisbon,  the  boat  'n„e  roan  unfortunately  drowned,  '  , STYLE=superscript  Land,  was  fortunately  saved.  %net-.  Ann  Maria,  hence  to  Leg Legstruck  struck Legstruck  with  a  heavy  squall,  on  off  Ho:yhead,  carried  away  jib jib'`°l3lliast,  '`°l3lliast, jib'`°l3lliast,  ac.,  two  men  seriously  'ells  Peek,  for  Algou  Bay,  which  put  le.:kv,  was  struck  by  a  white  Oct.,  I;.t.  55,  lon.  6.  shipped  a  W STYLE=superscript  hich  carried  away  head  sails,  urolie  aid,  stove,  sillight.  half  filled  the  , STYLE=superscript  water,  and  started  the  vessel  about  plates.  '  Liverpool,  at  Havanna  ;  Owego  , STYLE=superscript  ,  Drie  Vi  ienden,  at  Port  Adelaide  ;  l STYLE=superscript  aoreland.  Cardiff,  New  Orleans.  :  sli  p  Sillery,  17  days  out  from  Liverpool,  was  totally  lost  in  Car Car-21t  21t Car-21t STYLE=superscript  inst..  crew  saved.  ARICHAT,  30th  Sept.  'tler  from  Quebec  tu  Ireland,  deal  :thore  on  Madame  Island.  Endea Endeamade  made Endeamade  to  get  her  Anne  master's  Hard.-,.  The  schooner  Maria,  , STYLE=superscript  tuebee,  for  Liverpool,  Sept.  23,  of  deals.  ()PuRTO,  Oct  18.  ,r  :L  'ee,  from  C  alatz,  to  Queenstown  , STYLE=superscript  ore  Oct  11,  and  went  to  pieces,  sn STYLE=superscript  ra  4l STYLE=superscript  portion  of  materials  saved  cm  Fe:  nambuco  at  aielbourae,  Vengers  ex  sir  Fowell  Buxton,  for  eCked  near  Pernambuco.  Liverpool,  at  Lisbon,  for  Cali Cali,Pairs  ,Pairs Cali,Pairs STYLE=superscript  Liverpool,  at  Oporto  and  or or.4con,  .4con, or.4con, STYLE=superscript  where  she  was  expected  to  ` STYLE=superscript  alor  and  f,  rturn  in  a  couple  of  days  e STYLE=superscript  om  Quebec  at  Liverpool  at  midnight.  between  Newfound Newfound)e  )e Newfound)e STYLE=superscript  Bretou  ;  was  in  contract  with  Elizabeth,  of  and  for  ape  Bre Brel'eter,  l'eter, Brel'eter,  when  two  passengers  of  got  on  board  the  William,  which  lost  bowsprit,  stancheons,  etc.  got  into  St  Ann's  C.B,  at  Bve  serious  damage,  but  is  reported  Jel  , STYLE=superscript  a  WEXFORD,  Oct  22  -blyron  from  port  Talbot  to  Cork,  e  this  mo  ' STYLE=superscript  ruing  on  Patric'x's  Bridge,  T  h  IS  state  4  4  ,  PWLI,HE  LI,  Oct  23rd  LKaretta,  of  South  Slaieids,  from  1 STYLE=superscript  .4  e1l  9 STYLE=superscript  ,  was  totally  wrecked  last  night  .1 STYLE=superscript  )l  t  R  -  pacts,  crew  saved  4 STYLE=superscript  11  e STYLE=superscript  tt  lii  tk  l  'EETWOOD,  Oct  23rd  Ot,  Or STYLE=superscript  of  1-3eatunaris,  from  Troon  to  1,4  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  4,  4 STYLE=superscript  °w  On  shore  on  Bernard's  l'  ha  f,  l  ii  i  t  i STYLE=superscript  tZlt  p  ,,StlEDlAC,  Sept  :lc)  N  l  tZelr  l STYLE=superscript  e  Was  experienced  here  Sep  28th.  is  the  harbour  were  the  barque  k  .  p  l STYLE=superscript  att  e  at STYLE=superscript  j  , STYLE=superscript  Enterprise,  and  Recovery  :  il'er  t  !...ad  railway  materials  on  board,  ;lll  l  l STYLE=superscript  l  le  Zeen  has  her  lower  hold  full  of  t  b  air  e  ;ergreen  grounded  on  the  Flats,  tkad„`,  4 STYLE=superscript  di-charge  to  be  Fot  off.  Re Reqtct  qtct Reqtct  in  the  Scodore  Biver,  but  will  qt4  l STYLE=superscript  o  after  discharging;  the  Mary  e STYLE=superscript  t.  -e STYLE=superscript  „alachor,  but  was  brought  up,  r STYLE=superscript  `ue  brig  Annabel  Davies  was  TO  driven  against  the  bridge  at  Cocague,  and  re received  ceived received  damage.  A  brig  be.onging  to  Exeter  and  to  Miramichi  is  ashore  in  the  sands  between  Buctouche  Bar  and  Chockfish  Biver  BOSTON,  Oct  7th  A  large  ship  was  seen  ashore  Sept  22nd,  with  her  decks  even  with  the  water,  by  the  Grenada,  arrived  at  New  Orleans  Sept  27th.  A  large  steamer  was  seen  ashore  off  the  Riding  Rocks  Sept  22nd.  hull  under  water,  chimney  stainted  red  and  escape  pipe  white.  A  ship  or,  barque  steering  north  was  seen  Oct  1,  lat  39  n,  lon  74  w,  with  ►oss  of  mizen  mast  VESSELS  SPOKEN  WITH.  Suladra,  Liverpool  to  Newfoundland,  Oct  5,'  lat  49  n,  long  33  w  by  the  Galetea  Hamilton,  Liverpool  to  sierra  Leone,  Aug  ,27th,  in  lat  10  n,  long  22  w  Trvphena.  Oct  4th,  in  lat  43  n,  long  41  w  Massachusetts,  from  New  York  to  Havre.  Oct  13,  in  lat  4  .  n,  long  4w,  by  the  Thomas  Marie  Louise,  outward,  Oct  21,  in  lat  50  n,  long  9  w  DUBLIN.  Oct.  22.  Rind,  A  ARIVED,  Oct.  21.—Henry,  Wexford;  Ocean,  , STYLE=superscript  lolyhead  ;  Ouke  of  Cambridge,  Belfast.  SAILED,  Oct.  iel,  Glasgow  KING  , STYLE=superscript  TOWN.  ARRIVED  Oct.  •42.—Cherolice,  Coffin,  from  St.  John's.  This  vessel  struck  on  Kish  Bank  this  morning  before  daylight,  and  was  boarded  at  7  o'clock,  N  0.4  riot-boat.  '1  he  ship  is  water-.  logged,  and  had  to  anchor  to  the  northward  of  Ire  , STYLE=superscript  and's  Eye.  A  tug  had  been  sent  from  Kingstown,  2.  p.m..  to  tow  her  to  Dublin.  QUI!:  N  , STYLE=superscript  TOW  N  Wind,  S.W.,  strong  wind  and  cloudy.  A  B  RINED,  Oct  22.—Frane.  Paicurich,  Odessa:  Off  Oscar,  Lindguist,  Blazethin  and  last  Val.  paraiso  SEPPLEMENT  P5_TB00013 .tl  t.  I  .  ~e  w STYLE=superscript  fouY  u STYLE=superscript  ariue  6,  A  vifot  It.trit,:t.a.  K  as  olc  ,h  ~  0:  'to  chi  t  d  t  .1  -  AI  ,  D,Avvs  y  1...  1:0  7  1e  ;  Riz  ;pp  pAmeWfout  Al  H,  Att  .,  Id  AR,  •  k%t  .)  While  1 STYLE=superscript  0  b°ne  441flland,  •1  .  4  °oner.  %truc  P  t  t  ot  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  off  rot  r  et  Opma  1 STYLE=superscript  44  ~,,,ttrella  P.  I STYLE=superscript  )th  aaY STYLE=superscript  '  1 STYLE=superscript  4  4  ect  Which  lard  e  Water  4I STYLE=superscript  Ilt  „ STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  Plat  if'  ttey—.  'R',Mk;  tl  , STYLE=superscript  toor  e  i  811 STYLE=superscript  50  I  tt  4  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  Y,  21st  .  .-  .  1  4  „_  ,  A  lt  I  ,  .4  f  s  i  t  4  e  shot  ttri:  ng STYLE=superscript  rd STYLE=superscript  *  tj  tk.  QUe  BP  to  of  ,  t  el STYLE=superscript  lano  a  ore  I  4 STYLE=superscript  4e1;1  1 STYLE=superscript  0  a4 STYLE=superscript  ,  kkttl  aasen  fr  o  ,;_  I  i STYLE=superscript  19  iOh  C:Pa;  ti  o!'  °  4  1 STYLE=superscript  _  s  to  ‘4ki  . STYLE=superscript  '  ° STYLE=superscript  P STYLE=superscript  E  ~,t4  •  der  K.°a  Itb,  e  r  e  . STYLE=superscript  11~  g STYLE=superscript  P  t STYLE=superscript  1  l  e  l  Cpti  vt"
