text
"THE  NORTHERN  DR.  .ATEIV.ArAY  S  LECTURI  The  third  of  Dr.  NEWMA.N'S  lectures  was  delive,  Catholic  Institute,  at  half-past  seven  o'clock,  last  m  t  .,  The  room  was  even  more  densely  crowded  than  upon  either  of  the  former  occasions.  Dr.  Newman  proceeded  to  detail  the  series  of  events  by  which  the  Turks  became  established  in  Europe.  When  the  Turks  first  really  appeared  in  his history,  tory, history,  although  their  name  was  mentioned  before,  was  about  the  time  when  Atilla  descended  upon  the  Roman  empire,  about  the  year  450,  and  they  then  appeared  in  Asia,  about  Mount  Altai,  as  a  nation  of  slaves,  the  workmen  of  the  ce  quering  Tartars.  Yet  in  fifty  years  after,  with  true  impetuosity,  this  nation  of  slaves  had  spread  ow'  empire,  to  the  southern  and  western,  and  to  the  north  sue.  had  got  to  the  north  as  high  as  Kamschatka,  to  the  west  as  far  as  the  Caspian  Sea,  and  even  to  the  river  Volga,  and  had  gone  nearly  down  to  the  mouth  of  the  Indian  ocean.  That  empire  lasted  about  200  years,  from  about  545  to  745.  was  a  Turkish-Tartar  empire,  because  the  race  at  that  bore  all  the  characteristics  of  the  pure  Tartar.  pened  that  the  Romans  had  intercourse  with  them themmans,  mans, themmans,  was  meant  at  that  time  the  southern  empire,  Greco-Roman  empire,  whose  capital  was  at  Constantino'  The  Romans  sent  an  embassy  to  the  Turks,  all  acres.  and  the  records  of  that  embassy  established  th-  had  all  the  Tartar  customs  and  peculiarities,  their  ceremonies,  their  food,  their  banquets,  acrd  their  nificence.  That  Turkish-Tartar  empire  came  to  an  end  in  about  200  years  ;  but,  by  a  strange  paradox,  that  event  caused  the  elevation  of  the  Turkish  race,  for  it  commenced  the  destruction  of  the  old  Tartar  empire,  uncle:  had  lived,  and  was  the  beginning  of  their  civilization.  Turks  now  began  to  approach  Europe,  and  here  began  separation  of  the  race  into  two  branches  '  which  entered  i  different  ways.  Those  who  came  across  Mount  Altai,  any  by  the  sea  of  Aral,  were  the  Turks  who  were  in  Constanti•  nople  at  this  day,  and  who  might  be  called  civilized.  Those  who  came  down  by  the  Caucasus,  between  the  Caspian  and  the  Black  sea,  were  those  who  were  now  called  Tureomans,  and  who  still  remained  uncivilized.  This  lecture  had  nothing  to  do  properly  with  the  Tnecomans  but  he  men mentioned  tioned mentioned  them  in  order  to  show  what  the  Turkish  race  originally  was,  and  he  should  briefly  dispose  of  the  history  of  the  uncivilized  branch.  At  the  time  that  the  Enlperor  Heracleins  was  on  the  throne  of  Constantinople,  which  was  about  the  era  of  the  Hegira,  in  the  early  part  of  the  7th  century,  the  Persians  were  great  enemies  of  the  Romans,  and  the  Persians  got  all  the  barbarians  of  Europe,  who  were  just  where  Russia  is  now,  and  were  pressing  down  upon  Constantinople,  to  besiege  that  city.  Heracleins  made  a  counter  attack,  and  as  the  Persian  monarch  had  called  in  the  Russian  barbarians,  so  he  brought  the  Turcomans  across  the  Volga  to  attack  Persia.  Here  were  the  Russians  then,  as  now,  overhanging  Constantinople;  and  here  were  the  Turcomans  overhanging  Persia.  Heracleins  brought  the  Turcomans  across  the  Caucasus,  and  planted  them  in  Georgia,  Armenia,  Syria,  and  Asia  Minor,  where  they  re remained  mained remained  from  that  day  up  to  this.  The  race  were  kept  in  the  pay,  and  supported  by  the  Turks  of  Constantinople,  up  to  the  present  day,  and  in  them  would  be  found  up  to  this  day,  specimens  of  almost  the  perfect  Tartar,  showing  what  the  Turks  were  in  their  original  state.  They  certainly  had  given  up  the  horse-flesh,  and  the  peculiar  beverage  of  their  an ancestors,  cestors, ancestors,  and  they  had  professedly  embraced  the  Mahommedan  creed,  but  they  were  loose  Mahommedans,  and  were  held  by  very  slight  ties  of  religion  of  any  kind.  The  Rev,  lec lecturer  turer lecturer  here  cited  several  passages  from  history,  and  from  the  statements  of  recent  travellers,  to  show  that  the  charac characteristics  teristics characteristics  of  the  Turcoman  tribe  continued  the  same  up  to  the  present  day.  Now  the  other  branch  of  the  race,  the  civilized  Turks,  had  been  subject  to  a  certain  educational  process.  Nations  attained  civilization  by  different  means.  Some  were  civilized  by  commerce,  others  by  conquering,  and  others  again  by  being  conquered.  The  ancient  Greeks  were  in  a  great  measure  civilized,  and  brought  to  their  won wonderful  derful wonderful  state  of  intellectual  culture,  not  by  themselves  simply—for  it  was  a  great  question  whether  any  nation  ever  civilized  itself—but  they  became  what  they  were  by  com commerce,  merce, commerce,  and  by  their  colonies.  Much  and  rightly  as  the  world  might  admire  the  ancient  Greeks  for  their  wonderful  intellectual  proficiency,  their  colonies  outstripped  them,  that  is  to  say,  they  began  before  them.  Much  more  was  heard  of  the  arts,  science,  and  philosophy  of  their  colonies  in  Italy,  Magna  Grecia,  as  they  were  called,  and  of  lonia,  that  is  Asia  Minor,  with  regard  to  their  intellectual  greatness,  than  of  Greece  proper.  These  colonies  had  acted  upon  and  raised  her  to  what  she  once  was.  Rome  was  zed  in  quite  a  different  way—by  conquering.  The  cans  had  in  them  the  germs  of  civilization,  but  they  were  and  barbarous  until  they  came  into  contact  with  the  ;eks.  England  ias  civilized  in  that  way,  by  the  Holy  and  by  the  Normans—by  the  joint  influences  of  religion  aof  chivalry:  In  fact  England  was  civilized  by  being  nquered.  The  Normans  conquered  England,  overthrew  Le  ancient  dynasties,  took  possession  of  all  property,  effected  great  revolution,  ruled  England  with  cruelty  and  with  the  lost  atrocious  tyranny,  and  still  it  was  the  decree  of  Al Alnighty  nighty Alnighty  God  that  through  them  England  should  be  civilized.  gradually  the  Normans  got  mingled  with  the  population,  and  became  'quite  lost  in  it,  but  they  had  mainly  helped  to  playa  England  in  the  position  aho  210  VT  hold.  Tiia  lloly  See  - STYLE=superscript  began  the  work,  and  did  a  great  'deal  towards  it,  and  by  these  joint  infinences  , STYLE=superscript  the  materials  had  been  planted  of  the  present  civilization  of  England.  Now  Turkish  civiliza civilization,  tion, civilization,  and  as  it  was  it  was  not  indeed  very  great,  but  it  was  great  enough  to  hold  the  race  together  —had  arisen  in  quite  a  different  way.  It  had  not  arisen  from  conquering,  from  being  conquered,  or  from  colonies  and  commerce,  but  by  a  very  curious  process,  which  he  could  only  liken  to  such  an  effect  as  might  be  produced  if  they  supposed  a  liquor  to  undergo  a  certain  manufacturing  process  by  means  of  which  it  would  pass  through  some  material  and  come  up  again,  changed  with  the  qualities  of  the  material  through  which  it  passed.  The  Turkish  race  had,  as  it  were,  trickled  through,  or  soaked  through,  the  mass  of  the  Saracenic  _popu _population.  lation. _population.  They  disappeared  from  history  for  a  time,  and  came  out  again  in  a  different  character,  having  assumed  the  quali qualities  ties qualities  and  the  properties  of  the  race  through  which  they  had  passed.  The  Tartar  race  passed  through  Asia  at  a  gallop,  travelling  upon  their  horses  a  hundred  miles  a  day.  What  civilization  could  they  receive  in  such  a  progress  ?  None.  What  civilization  could  the  Turkomans  receive,  who  en entered  tered entered  Europe  by  the  north  and  came  to  the  regions  of  the  Volga  ?  None  whatever.  But  the  Turks  did  not  at  once  arrive  at  their  destination,  nor  did  it  resemble  that  of  the  Turcomans.  They  had  to  pass  through  regions  where  they  were  lost  for  centuries,  and  of  which  few  traces  could  be  found,  but  still  they  kept  together  as  a  nation,  and  acquired  in  their  progress  a  kind  of  social  education.  The  causes  of  their  civilization  might  be  divided  into  three.  First  he  might  mention  the  country  to  which  they  first  arrived.  Of  course  no  climate  was  sufficient  in  itself  to  change  the  charac character,  ter, character,  there  must.  be  other  influences,  but  ascertain  influence  climate  did  exercise,  as  was  exercised  in  this  instance  by  the  country  where  the  Turkish  race  first  arrived.  A  philosopher  had  remarked  that  Asia,  possessed  a  peculiarity  which  ac accounted  counted accounted  for  the  existence  of  her  perpetual  dynasties,  and  his  theory  was  a  very  plausible  one.  He  observed  that  there  were  the  extremes  of  cold  and  the  extremes  of  heat  in  Asia,  and  very  little  of  a  mean  temperature.  It  contained  the  the  highest  mountains  in  the  world,  the  broadest  plains,  high  table  land,  great  burning  deserts,  and  but  very  few  rivers  in  comparison  to  the  size  of  the  continent,  and  very  few  inland  seas.  The  inhabitant  of  cold  countries  were  generally  more  vigorous  and  energetic  than  those  of  hot  climates,  and  as  in  Asia  the  two  classes  of  men  were  brought  into  juxta-position,  the  warlike  and  the  weak,  the  consequence  was  that  perpetual  despotisms  existed  there.  But  he  might  put  the  question  regarding  the  influence  of  the  climate  on  the  Turkish  race,  upon  broader  grounds.  The  temperate  climate  was  the  best  for  the  de development  velopment development  of  body  and  mind.  The  prayer  of  the  inspired  writer  Give  me  neither  riches  nor  What  was  true  of  the  moral  state  was  also  true  of  the  intellectual.  The  extreme  of  cold  prevented  germination,  and  the  extreme  of  heat  withered  it  up.  The  countries  neither  too  hot  nor  too  cold  were  those  which  had  boo.  bho  si  uoust  In  the  world  for  intellect  an  power.  The  country  to  which  the  Turks  first  arrived,  was  precisely  that.  It  was  the  country  which  lies  between  Mount  Actia  and  the  sea  of  Aral,  almost  to  the  Indian  Oscan,  pii.apany  district  known  as  Segdiana  or  Bokhara.  This  was  one  of  the  most  beautiful  an  temperate  regions  throught  the  whole  of  Asia,  and  in  climate  somewhat  resembled  England.  The  lecturer  here  cited  the  opinions  of  several  travellers,  of  remote  as  well  as  modern  times,  to  show  that  this  district  possessed  the  finest  climate  in  Asia.  He  might  mention  that  the  making  of  paper  from  rags  was  due  to  the  city  of  Samaracand,:the  capital  of  that  region,  which  was  said  to  have  received  the  invention  from  the  merchants  of  China.  The  influence  of  this  climate  was  one  cause  which  led  to  the  civilization  of  the  Turkish  race.  There  was  another  cause,  still  more  remarkable,  not  physical  but  moral.  At  tho  time  when  the  Turks  shewed  themselves  upon  the  great  river  entering  this  region  of  Sagdiana,  and  their  kindred,  who  were  since  called  Turcomans,  shewed  them themselves  selves themselves  upon  the  Volga.  At  that  time  the  false  prophet,  Mahomet,  was  just  beginning  his  career.  Mahomet  began  his  career  with  the  Saracens  in  Arabia,  and  the  Saracens  after  his  death  came  with  great  vigour  against  the  kingdom  of  Persia,  and  in  twenty  years  conquered  the  whole  of  it.  Persia  reached  up  to  the  country  of  Sagdiana.  The  Saracens  came  fiercely  up  in  that  direction,  and  the  Persian  king,  the  last  of  his  race,  fled  to  the  Turks,  although  they  had  been  up  to  that  time  enemies.  The  Turks  welcomed  him,  and  pretended  an  alliance,  but  they  betrayed  and  killed  him.  Here  then  were  two  great  antagonists,  the  Turks  from  the  north,  and  the  Saracens  from  the  south,  and  they  , STYLE=superscript  met  near  this  beautiful  country.  Strange  to  say,  for  it  seldom  happened,  the  south  beat  the  north—the  Saracens  beat  the  Turks  back  to  Sagdiana,  and  beat  them  there  again.  The  Turks  were  not  driven  out,  except  perhaps  some  few  of  the  wild  tribes—they  remained  there,  and  whether,  through  the  versatility  of  the  Turks,  or  the  skill  of  the  Saracen,  they  became  the  willing  servants  and  workmen  of  the  Saracer  race.  That  was  a  strange  fact,  as  strange  as  if  the  Romans  conquering  Turkey,  the  wild  Turcomans,  were  •to  become  their  working  men  and  men  of  business.  In  this  manner  they  acquired  social  education,  and  it  was  the  second  instru instrument  ment instrument  to  which  their  civilization  was  due.  The  third  in instrument  strument instrument  was,  that  in  consequence  of  their  being  conquered  by  the  Saracens,  they  embraced  the  Mabometan  faith.  Now,  the  creed  of  Mahomet  was,  of  course,  a  false  religion,  an  imposture,  a  poor  imitation  of  Christianity,  but  it  had  taken  some  great  truths  from  Christianity,  and  the  vital  powers  of  •truth,  however  distorted,  and  however  corrupted,  did,  through  God's  grace,  produce  a  great  effect  upon  the  cha-  It  so  hap-  let  that  they  as  regarded  which  t  DAILY  TIMES.  .  like  manner,  various  nations"
