text
"THE  account  of  the  victory  gained  by  the  Turks  on  the  4th,  .near  Oltenitza,  is  confirmed  by  the  Moniteur:  Oltenitza-  is  within  seventeen  leagues  of  Bucharest—the  base  of  the  Russian  operations  in  Wallachia,:  and  being  an  important  post  the  Russian  Generals  made  a  desperate  attempt  to  oust  the  Ottoman  army  from  its  position  in  that  quarter.  A  fierce  and  sanguinary  conflict  ensued,  which  lasted  the  greater  part  of  two  days,  when  the  total  loss  to  the  Russians  amounted  in  killed  and  wounded  to  1,200.  ln  this  instance  one  of  the  braveSt  . STYLE=superscript  and  most  distinguished  of  the  RusSian  Commanders,  with  the  flower  of  the  AUTOCRAT'S  army  under  him,  has  been  signally  defeated— defeatedhaving  having defeatedhaving  nearly  all  his  Officers  slain,  and  several  of  his  Colonels  wounded.  The  Turks  numbered  on  this  occasion  only  0,000.  Such  a  victory  gained  by  so  small  a  band  of  men,  proves  the  omnipotent  power  of  true  'Patriotism  when  directed  against  serfdom  and  superstition.  Accounts  further  state  s STYLE=superscript  that  the  Chasseurs  of  the  OTTOMAN  force,  who  were  armed  with  Vincennes  carbines,  made  terrible  havoc  among  the  officers  of  the  Russian  army.  Letters  of  the  20th,  frOm  the  Danube,  mention  that  all  the  forts  and  batteries'  established  on  the  right  bank  of  the  river  were  completely  armed  and  defended  by  numerous  garrisons,  and  that  two  corps  de  reserve  were  organized,  one  to  prevent  the  Russians  from  crossing  in  case  they  attempted  any anything  thing anything  of  the  kind,  and  the  other  to  second  the  movements  of  the  Turkish  troops  operating  in  Wallachia.  The  opinions  we  have  so  repeatedly  expressed  with  respect  to  the  dilatoriness  of  the  British  CABINET  obtains  in  distant  qttarters.  The  Paris  Correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chronicle  writes,  as  follows,  on  this  subject  I  must  say  that  it  is  rather  humiliating  to  England  to  hear  the  doubts  thrown  out  here  as  to  the  sincerity  of  England  .in.  supporting  Turkey.  The  general  belief  is.,  that  the  .  French  Government  is  in  earnest,  and  would  hate  proceeded  to  extremi extremities  ties extremities  before  now,  .but  that  it  is:  prevented  by  the  hesitations  of  the.  English  Government.  It  is  in  vain  that  we  Englishmen  endeavour  to'  show  the  contrary—nothing,  will  convince  the  French.  vnyinee  them  that  the  English  Briit-18Ciett45.n.ei  not  to  desert  Turkey,  what whatever  ever whatever  the  consectileiticrinaY  be  !  and  that  it  C0ntin C0ntin..1.....  ..1..... C0ntin..1.....  Ues  negotiattfons  solely  with  the  view  of  exhaust exhaust,  , exhaust,  in;  all  pacifie-nieThCpf  conciliation  before  having  recourse  to  ii46l4t4;ta  ratio.  .These  arguments  have  very  lit  4  I,rtbere,  People  will  persist  in  thinking  thaCtuglan‘i  is  not  in  earnest;  '£1,114  they  even  hint  at  some  secret  influence  in  high STYLE=superscript  place;•  which  is  supposed  to  be  working  in  favour  of  Rus-"
