text
"'rime's  Dock,  Al  Clipper  Sh!p  loose  leave  Commander  maple  an  I  q  fr  'e,  and  Coppered,  Also  the  es,  and  will  be  des-  Six  ma  v.  P.  Magee  and  J.  Leving-  street,  Liverpool.  cloth,  lam  and  sundry  mats  large  assor  great  varie  Cb  Ina.  Cast  Entlit.  ,  Copt,  etc  tinatiot  SALONICA  UMEA  MATARO  NORVAL  -•  In  the  DINING-ROOM  will  be  found  large  oval  table,  on  mahogany  pillar  and  plinth;  theffonier,  with  pannelled  doors;  six  chairs,  excellent  rocking  chair,  in  hair  cloth  ;  scroll  backed  couch,  stuffed  and  covered  in  hair  •  brilliant  pier  glass,  Spani  s  h  ma  ho  g  any  card  able.  a  large  Spani  sh  mahogany  telescope  dining  table,  with  four  is;  Kidderminster  carpet  and  rug.  b  ronze  fender,  steel  ons,  damask  curtains  for  bo  vs'  window,  several  engravings,  in  frames  ;  and  six  cabinet  paintings—excellent  copies  I  celebrated  artists.  superior  furniture  of  seven  well-appointed  BEDROOMS  :  gang  four-post  birch  half-tester  and  French  with  chintz  ai  d  damask  hangings,  palliasses,  and  wool  and  hair  matres•es  to  flt;  seven  white  goose  and  other  leather  beds,  atl  in  excellent  order;  bolsters,  pillows,  and  the  necessary  bedding,  seven  sets  of  washstands  and  ware,  dressing  tables,  mahogany  and  birch-framed  toilet  glasses,  a  large  quantity  of  bedroom  druggeting,  carpeting,  fourteen  bedroom  chairs,  fenders  and  Lire-irons,  two  sets  of  mahog mahogany  any mahogany  and  four  sets  painted  chests  of  drawers,  valances,  window  cur curtains.  tains. curtains.  and  blinds,  with  other  bedroom  effects.  Oak  hall  table,  two  mahogany  hall  chairs,  lobby  THEN  ITTeNsus,  which  are  - STYLE=superscript  numerous,  include  an  excel excel.,  ., excel.,  sofa  bedstead.  eight-day  clock,  hastener  and  jack,  a  went  of  breakfast  and  tea  ware,  and  culinary  utensils  in  anuary  24,  from  Eleven  to  four  o'clock  Catalogues  may  . STYLE=superscript  be  'had  on  the  premises;  Or  of  Mr.  EasrTY.  Auctioneer  and  Valuer,  8,  Mersey-chambers,  Liverpool,  and  Chapel.  street,  Southport.  N.B.—The  s  ale  will  commence  at  Eleven  o'clock  precisely,  and  continue,  without  interval,  ti  .1  the  close.  MR.  HODGKINS  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Wednesday,  the  30th  instant,  at  One  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon-  rooms,  South  John.  street,  Liver-  shall  .  e  1  upon  at  s  shall  be  then  and  ND,  situate  on  the  north  side  of  .  Sea.  combe-etreet,  in  Everton,  containing  in  front  tereto,  including  one-half  of  the  width  of  a  common  passav  of  4  f.  et  wide  on  the  east  side  thereof,  93  feet  11  inches  or  thereabouts,  and  running  in  a  northerly  oirection  along  Great  Homer  -street  58  feet  4  inches  or  thereabouts,  then  running  eastwardly  83  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  running  on  the  east  side  •  long  the  said  passage  57  feet  10a  inches  or  thereabouts,  and  containing  in  the  whole  567  superficial  squat  e  yards  or  thereabouts;  together  with  the  HOUSE  and  SHOP  i  r  front  of  Great  Homer-street.  and  the  House  and  Shop  and  Bakery  at  the  corner  of  Great  Homer-street  and  Seacombe-street,  and  the  lour  Houses  in  front  of  Seacombe-street,  now  in  the  respective  occupations  of  Mr.  Kaye,  Mr,  Horrocks,  Mr.  Culshaw,  Mr.  Bud Buddle,  dle, Buddle,  3/r.  Darby,  and  Mr.  Jones,  and  producing  an  aggregate  rental  of  £ll3  All  that  Piece  of  LAND,  situate  on  the  south  side  of  Ever Evertor'  tor' Evertor'  Valley,  containing  in  front  thereto  and  at  the  back  severally  39  feet  or  thereabouts,  and  in  depth  on  the  east  and  west  sides  severally  to  James-street  PG  feet  or  thereabouts.  and  containing  In  the  whole  384  square  yards  or  thereabouts;  together  with  the  Two  DWELLING-HOUSES  thereon  erected,  now  In  the  respective  occupat•ons  of  Mrs.  Samuel  and  Mr.  Surr,  and  producing  an  aggregate  rental  of  .e5l.  the  - STYLE=superscript  Tenure  of  both  lots  is  Freehold  of  Inheritance.  For  further  particulars  apply  io  Messrs.  Evans  &amp;  Son,  solicitors  Commerce-court,  Lord-street,  Liverpool.  Has  half  her  cargo  engaged,  and  will  be  dispatched  in  all  this  month.  FOR  HONG  KONG,  DIRECT,  The  splendid  Aberdeen-bulk  clipper  Ship  STODNOWAY,  P'•  'S&#34;  H.  L.  HART,  Commander;  A  1  at  Lloyd's  thirteen  years;  595  tons  register.  This  beautiful  vessel,  well  known  in  the  trade  as  having  made  the  most  rapid  passages  on  record,  is  the  best  opportunity  for  shippers  desirous  of  quick  dispatch.  Loading  in  Salthouse  Dock.—For  terms  of  freight,  &amp;c.,  apply  to  Messrs.  Syers,  Walker,  and  Syers;  or  to  W.  0.  YOUNG,  19,  Dale-street,  Liverpool;  54,  Cross-street,  Manchester;  Sun-court,  Cornhill.  London  Will  be  despatched  on  the  30th  ins.ant.  For  BOMBAY.  The  fine  Colonial-built  Clipper  Ship  3  ;  SILLERY,  Capt.  Btasnic;  994-1077  tons  register;  A  1  at  Lloyd's  for  seven  years  ;  coppered  in  1854  ,  ;  only  two  years  old,  and  is  in  all  respects  a  first  rate  con conveyance  veyance conveyance  for  fine  goods.—For  Freight,  4-c.,  aprry  to  Messrs•  5Y10.3,  WALass.,  and  SYKRS  ;  or  to  W.  0.  YOUNG,  19,  Dale-street,  Liverpool;  54,  Cross-street,  Manchester;  Sun-court,  Cornhill,  London.  Will  be  despatched  on  the  30th  instatit.l  FOR  CALCUTTA,  The  fine  first-class  American  clipper  Ship,l  GLEANER  ;  900  tons  register.—Apply  to  Mes'rs.  Svags,  WALKER  &amp;  SURE;  or  to  W.  0.  YOUNG,  19,  Dale-.treet,  Liverpool;  54,  Cross  -street,  Itlanci.est,r  ;  un-;  our  t  ,  Cornhill,  London.  ALEXANDRIA  (EGYPT),  THE  LEVANT  CONSTANTINOPLE,  -  BLACK  SEA,  AND  THE  DANUBE  Regular  Line  of  First-class  Clipper  Vessels,  for  ALEXANDRIA  (EGYPT),  the  LEVANT,  CONSTANTINOPLE,  BLACK  SEA,and  the  DANUBE,  despatched  by  E.  and  J.  P.  SCHILIZZI,  Jun.  IYRNA  ..  LOUISA  RP:SOLUTION  .  PILLGWENLLY  Willsailatrout  .  thp  22d  Jan..  31-t  Jan.  31st  Jan  --  Jan.  lat  Jan  .31st  Jan.  E.  &amp;  J.  P.  SCHILIZZI,  8  Brunswick-buildings."
