text
"RUSSIA  .  •  We  have  already  publish  e  d  d  espatches  from  St:  ;Petersburg,  received  by  telegraph,  announcing  that  Prince  Menschikoff  has  been,  by  an  Imperial  order,  horninated  Military  Governor-General  of  Cronstadt,  With  all  the  rights,  .power,  and  honours  due  to  the  Com STYLE=superscript  mander-in  -Chief  of  .an  army  in.  '  time  of  war.  All  the  land  and  sea  forces.in  Cronstadt  are  put  under  his  command,  and  he  retainslalli  his  present  offices.  The  report  has  been  current  for  time  past  in  St.  Petersburg,  that  a  military  command  on  the  shores  of  . STYLE=superscript  the  Baltic  would  ,soon,  be  conferred  on  the  P  r  i  nc  e  ,  b  ut  everybody  Was  of  Opinion  that  be  would  hot  permit  himself  to  be  drawn  again  from  his  retirement.  _  '  In  addition  t  o  the  nomination  of  Menschikoff,  we  find  in  the  Russian  papers  a  letter  of  thanks  addressed  by  the  Emperor  to  General  Mouravieff,  ati  , STYLE=superscript  foilows  ;  The  immovable  firmness,  the  exemplary  fortitude,  and  the  strategetical  circumspection,  which  have  characterised  all  Youractions  in  Asiatic.  Turkey,  are  now  crowned  with  perfect  success.  The  proud  keep  of  Asia  Minor,  the  fortress  of  Kars,  has  surrendered,  with  its  whole  gar garrison,  rison, garrison,  its  artillery,  and  its  extensive  de  - STYLE=superscript  pors  of  arms.  The  '  Anatolian  army,  30,000  men  strong.  exists  no  more;  and  its  Commvnder-in•Chief,  .  Mushir  Vassif  Pasha,  is  our  :prisoner.  I  thank  you  heartily  for  this  glorious  achieve achievewent,  went, achievewent,  which  has  covered  the  Russian  flag  with  new  fame.  I  give  it  to  you  in  commission  to  express  my  sincerest  thanks  to  the  troops  under  your  command,  whose  firm firmries4  ries4 firmries4  and  courage  have  overcome  the  most  obstinate  defence  of  the  enemy.  In  recognitio  n  of  your  praise praiseworthy.merits,  worthy.merits, praiseworthy.merits,  I  make  you  herewith  Knight  of  the  Grand  Cross  of.  St.  George,  second  class,  to  which  earned  an  indisputable  right,  and  I  remain  you  have  ,  in  all  Imperial  favour;—Your  welt-affected  A  UNDER.  The  pri  ces  o  f  sa  l  tpetre  continue  to  ris  e  beyond  all  calculati  on  an  d  control  ;  all  restrictions  have  been  remolied  from  it  s  p  ro  d  uc  ti  on  in  Russia,  a  n  d  the  Government  has  offered  . STYLE=superscript  ,  high  prices  to  be  paid  in  ready  money  for  almost  unlimited-  quanti  ties.  The  supply  has  remained,  , STYLE=superscript  however,  totally  insufficient.  '  '  '  'The  committee  that  has  been  appointed.  by  the  Grand  Duke  .  Constantine  to  sit:  in  Nicolaieff  to  - STYLE=superscript  assess  the  irideninification  to  be  paid  for  injury  to,  or  loss  of  property.  in,  Sebastopol.  finds  it  no  easy  task,  the•more  so  as  the  whole'  business  is  required  to  be  finished  within  a  . STYLE=superscript  year.  There  have  already  been  various  supplementary  instructions  issued  on  the  subject;  as  matters;  stand  at  present  all  dis•  puted  questions:of  property'  are  suspended,  and  All  payments  are  postponed,  until  the  points  in  c  on.  flirt  have  been  arranged.  -  1  ,,  .  .  A  USI  We  have  received.  advices  from  Vienna  to  the  date  of  the  -80th  ultimo:-  From  them  we  learn  that  Count  Valentine  Esterhazy  reached  St.  -Petersburg  on  WedneSday,  the  :28th..  and  communicated!  the  conditions  of,  pew  , STYLE=superscript  on  the  folly  •  e-,tp  :tlle  St.  Petc  communicate.  which  the  Western  Powers  were  willing  to  conclude  to  Prince  Gortsehakoff  the  t  itoyal  perity  I  atta  i  kind  Sovereiri  thci  a/AU  - STYLE=superscript  wishes  - STYLE=superscript  she  forms'  for  the  n STYLE=superscript  pros-4  ffiend  trio  `towardsc-rn-  1,1  am  bqurict•  t  sent  to  her  Majesty  my  due  add  that  it  is  my  heartfelt  awn  more  and  ,more  the  bonds  of  f  subsisting  between  the  two  people,  tre  by  •  interest,  and  above  all  by  a  15.  It  is  an  end  I  think  it  a  duty  to  keep  in  view,  the  more  so  as  the  past  and  present  of  the  two  countries  hold  out  such  grounds'  of  encourage-  uni`ed  as,  t  1  similarity  oflristitutioCi  _  .  The  confidence  which  the  Queen,  your  august  Sovereign  has  reposed  in  you,  Monsieur  le  Ministre,  in  confidfng.to  yon  the  honourable  minion  of  representing,  her  govern government,  ment, government,  cannot  fail  in'  being  a  guarantee  of  my  considera consideration  tion consideration  and  countenance.  THE  PENINSULAR  MAIL.  (PROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.).  -^n7g  SOUTHAMPTON,  JAN.  3.  The  Peninsular  and.  Oriental  steam-  navigation  Company's  steamship  Snlian,  Captain  Edward  Christian,  arrived  here  this  morning  at:  eight  o'clock.  Her  dates  are,  Gibraltar,  Dec.  20'  Dec.  27;  Lisbon,  Dec.  30  ;  and  Vigo,  Dec.  31.  In  eon eonsequencerof  sequencerof eonsequencerof  the  heavy  swell,  she  was  unable  to  have  any  communication  from  Oporto.  .  .  The  :  ,  Sultan,  .brings  six  first-class,  and  three  second-class  passengers,  and  her  freights  are  twelve  packages  of  specie,  (value  31301)  and  a  cargo  conSistinc  , STYLE=superscript  of  261.  cases  of  eggs  ;  1773  casesof  oranges,  244.  bags  of  chesnuts,  145  serons  of  almonds,  236  boxes  of  raisins,  52  boxes  of  dates,  80  boxes  of  onions,  and  136  packages  of  sundries.  The  Sultan  during  her  voyage  experienced  heavy  galeS,  and  Very  rough  weather,  particularly  on  the  21st,  27th,  28th,  and  31St  :On  the  last-named  day,  off  Cape  Correbedo,  she  eichanged  coloUrs  with  the  Peninsular  and  Oriedtal  Com  pany's  steamship  Madrid,  bound  for  Vigo.  Official  notice  had  been  given  that  the  King  would  open  the  Cortes  on  the  2nd  January,  by  which  time  the  arrival  of  the  Minister  . STYLE=superscript  of  Finance  WAS  expected.  Heavy  rains  had  prevailed,  but  the  Weather  was  fairer  when  the  Sultan  left  the  Tagus..  Lisbon  exchanges  at  three  months  are  quoted  by  this  mail  at  on  London  ;'  Paris,  521;  Amsterdam,  43i.;  Hamburg,--44;  'Genoa,  518.  There  was  a  scarcity  of  both  bills  and  money  on  LondOn;  and  consequently  a  variation  of  upon  ,  pap  thO  quoted,rate;  on  o  th  er  Places'  few  transaction's  of  tdhteaki,  rise  in  o46e STYLE=superscript  London  er  bei  ng  scarce  in  consequence.  GIBRALTAR  DEC.  1  ING  INTELLIGENCE.  6th.—Arrived  steam  ship  Taurus,  Yalta,  with  cotton  and  wheat,  for  amship  Melita,  6  days  from  Liver Liverfor  for Liverfor  Gibraltar  and  Constantindple,  smship  Milan;  six  days  from  Liver Liver-vies,  -vies, Liver-vies,  (cleared).  rpool,  with  bale  feared).'  Steam-  (cleared),  sm.  days  from  Constantinople,  'W.'  LittPale  intlttifed  i  lift  it  wV  tild  en:  , STYLE=superscript  ;t  to  lok4f  the  . STYLE=superscript  bill  in  Tobin-street,  leadiog  from  the  offices  to  tho  ferry,  to.begin  at  the  top  of  tlie  str  ee  t.  ,  .  surveyor  rep  'ram  , STYLE=superscript  £6OO  to  £7OO  Ale:  Conlfmrn  explained  that  the  committee  did  nol  think  it  proper  to  recommend  'anerlicient  improvenum  to  the,  road,  as  it  would  incur  such  a  large  expenditure  arveym  id  that  it'woold  cost  twice  as  Muclilo  improvement  at  a  future  period  as  it  -- STYLE=superscript  0..--.  represen-  soeiet+  unts  of  tlie  at  occasion  th6re  to  the  books:for  M.,  which,  it  was  by  the  of  th  officers  of  the  meeting,  th  he'would  nt  will  mar*.  yoii  call  this  a  friend]  when  his  client  p  d  •him  by  the  throat.  At  yard;  6  respectal  - STYLE=superscript  le  trader  of  the•town,  society;  stepped'  forward  and  said,  `.•  do  not  kill  the  man,,7  and  then  there  were  loud  cries  to  hear  Mr.  ShepPar'cl.  - STYLE=superscript  the  - STYLE=superscript  meetinit  called.on  Mr.  shep sheppard,to  pard,to sheppard,to  b  Quto  the  •platform;  he  had  an  amendment  to_make  to  the  passing  of  the  accounts,  with  reference  to  thq  , STYLE=superscript  :alleged  deficiency  of  the  a,300/..  and  that  gentleman  proceeded  to  obey  the  call  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  .meeting,  but  he  was  hurled  :  from:the  .platfortn  and•  nearly  killed.  The  com complainant,  plainant, complainant,  Mr.  Curran,  seeing  Mr.  Sheppard  in  such  dan danger,  ger, danger,  went  to  his  assistance,  but  it  seemed  the  president,  Mr.  Ctii+an,'  hid  an  old  spleen  against  him,  and  he  vented  it  there;  he  seized  alttg,nnd  gunrit  at-Curran  s  head,  ,and  731ece  of  it  struck  him  onthe'  temple;  and  left  a  mark  there  for  Some  days  after.  His  worship  would  see  that  the  ease  ,was.  not-  one'  of  an  ordinary,  assault,  but  arose  out  of  the  illegal  proceedings  of  the  party.  who  tried  to  pass  an  account  defrauding  the  members  of  the  society,  as  alleged,  out  of  over  2;3001.  '  and  a  rdember  of  the  Roby  :  I  have  listened  to  this  long  wrangle,  but'  I  trust  object  to  it  now.  The  charge  of  assault  is  the  only  one  before  the  court,  and  I  must,  insist  on  its  being  strictly  adhered  to.  I  have  allowed,  too  much  latitude  already,  The  Complainant  was  then  'Oramined,  and  'commenced  by  stating  that_he  was  one  of  tNe  persOt6  who  ()injected  to  tbp:supiYosed  fraud,  committed.  by  the  present  officers  Of  the  society.  Mr.  Roby  :  Ido  not  really  object  to  this,  but  .I  think  the  catarCought  to  confine  the  witness  to  the  assault,  for  all  he  says  about  fraud  is  not  true,  and  has  nothing  to  dt,  with  this  case.,  (To  the  witneSs):  Confine  yourself  to  the  assault  -  - STYLE=superscript  The  witness  - STYLE=superscript  thin  - STYLE=superscript  went  on  to  state  - STYLE=superscript  that  the  defendant  promised  to  break  his  netic—(loud  laughter)—but  he  did  uot_perforne  the  promise,  fortunately  for  witness—(much  laughter)—but  he  nearly  broke  his  temple  with  of  a.  jug.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Roby:  y  ls  that  the  charge  ?  Witness  :  Yes,  that's  it.  '  Crbss-examined  by  Mr.  Roby  :  I  was  at  the  right  hand  side  of  the  president,;  I  did  not  know  that  the  platform  was  for  the  committee  alone  ;.  I  am  not  a  member  of  the  committee,  nor  oan  I  say  VIM..  Sheppard  is  a  member  of  it.  .He  (Mr.  Sheppard)  was  called  ow  by  the  meeting  to  move  the  amendments  ;  I  did  not  collar  the  president  in  the  chair,  but  I  gave.him  a  kick,  and  that  was  the  only  way  Of  radicating  (the  witness;  repeated  the  word  radicating  two  or  three  times,  amid  shouts  of  laughter)  myself  from  him.  7  - STYLE=superscript  11  Ir.  Roby  :  Why,  so  ?  Witness  :  Recause  two  more  of  them  were  fast  in  my  neck,  and  they  were  pegging  me  ,like;  mad  in  the  all  in  the  lugs  the  time.  (Roars  of  laughter.)  Roby:  And  was  the  president  pegging  you  in  the  lugs  too?  Witness:  Aye,  just  as  well  as  the  rest  of  them.  Mr.  Roby  :  And  you  were  kicking  him  in  the  shins  all  thd  time.?  Witness  :  Sure  I  told  you  before  that  was  the  only  way  I  had  to  raditate  Myself  from  him.  (Laugh (Laughter.)  ter.) (Laughter.)  •Ntr.  Rood  Well,  what  did  the  'president  say  when  you  were  ‘f  -  Witness•rWhy,  he  said  that  - STYLE=superscript  after  he  passed  the  accounts.that  he  .yrould  give  five  minutes  to  every  one  to  speak.  (Laughter.)  The  witness  went  on  1  - STYLE=superscript  6  give  a  la  - STYLE=superscript  ughable  account  of  the  fight  that,  took  place,  and  hOW  at  last  the  police  came  when  all  was  quiet.  In  corroboration'of  the  complainant's  statement,  l;;Gtorge  Hoyle,  a  hair  dresser,  was  called,  and  also  John  Carroll,  and  their  evidence  Went  to  show  that  there  was  a  most  disgraceful  row;  they  differed  as  to  the  mode  of  the  alleged  assault,  but  concurred  in  the  fact  that  a  pied()  of  a  jug  struck  the  complainant.  Mr.  Joseph  Shepherd,  of  Scotland  -road,  was  examined,  and  said  he  heard  a  rumour  that  the  meeting  ,was  to  be  w  p  a  ie  n  c  allegedlet  .tryh:seul  meeting  d  :  27  1  ,  a  o  n  .  oorad  o  oirs.  f  r  l  ipt,h7a.mesioei  belonginglonmf  fi  agrb  c  i  e  . STYLE=superscript  e  r:R  i  r,ht  i  t  toheoo  w  be  yatmbahcoioolce  auditors,  i  o  esiuteo  u  nocac  n  _trtnisetse.e,datn3,:taeHo;enf  amendment  sdh  e  nern  d  itddsh:  t  etin  h  one  e  t  took  place—that  he  saw  the  reporters  2,3001.  was  paid  back  to  officers  who  held  it.  lie  all  parts  of  the  room  to  so  he  was  seized  by  the  credit  tness)  ge  on  the  platfo  I.  in  dc  lent,  who  att  dent  then,  ent  through  the  mockery,  of  passing  the  . STYLE=superscript  d  electing  himself  her  officers  whilst  the  fight  was  going  on.  In  'reply  to  Mr.  Roby,  Mr.  Sheppacd  said  he  had  received  a  letter  from  the  senior  addltAk  i  itating  that  he  would  not  audit  the  accounts,.  and  Mrc=  Murphy  afterwards  called  on  him  and  told  him  the  amount-  of  the  fraud.  He  (Mr,  Sheppard)  had  always  opptishd  frauds,'and  would  ever  do  so:  In  1851  h  e  eppcised  ti,lloyment  ofs/  eah  to  the'eollectors  under  the  name  of  chrisfmag.  2 STYLE=superscript  c STYLE=superscript  and  there  were  many  other  similar  payments  that-he  opposed.  Mr.  Roby.;  Did  you  see  where  the  jug  came  from  that  Curran  says  struck  him  ?  Witness  :  I  did  not.  To  -Mr..  Mansfic4d:  It  was  the  annual  meeting  of  the  society,  and  all  members  had  a  right  to  be  present.  It  .was  usual  at  all  .othir  meetings  of  the  body  for  'speakers  10  address  the  meeting  from  the  platform.  This  closed  the  case  on  the  part  of  the  complainant.  Mr.  Roby  at  great  length,  contended  that  the  com complainant  plainant complainant  had  assaulted  Mr.  Cullen,  and  that  he  had  acted  in  the  most  outrageous  manner:  that  he  wanted  to  get  into  the  meeting  without  a  card,  contrary  to  rule,  and  that  he  came  with  a  gang  of  ruffians—one  a  notorious  thief,  convicted  twenty-four  times—and  other  black blackguards,  guards, blackguards,  armed  with  knives,  to  upset  the  legal  proceedings  of  the  meeting.  He  went  on  to  show  the  outrage  that  had  been  'committed  on  Mr.  Cullen,  and  at  the  close  of  his  address  he  prodneed  as  w  it  nesses  t  o  di  sprove  t  h  e  c  h  arge  *Of  assault,  the  following  persons  :—Messrs.  James  Waite,  Michael  Melon,  Mr.  Balding,  Jas.  Jolliff,  Peter  Golightly,  William  Jolliff,  Edward.  O'Hanlon,  John.  Cullen,  and  Inspector  'Grace,  all  of  whom,  except  the  'last-named,  negatived_  the  statement  of  the  assault,  and  swore  -Most  distinctly  'that  -  Mr.  Cullen  did  not  throw  .the  Jug  at  the  complainant,  but  that  the  complainant  assaulted  Mr.  Cullen;  and  the  inspector  gave  a  very  bad  character  Of  several  persons  who  *ere  at  the  meeting,  which  he  said  was  composed  of  very  respectable-looking  people,  and  very  great  roughs  of  the  latter  being  a  thief  con=  victed  twenty-four  times,  and  he  was  on  the  platform.  Mr.  Walla-Mr.-Balding,  the  Messrs.  Jolliffs,  and  Mr.  John  Cullen  were  cross-examined  by  Mr.  Bluck,  and  they  said  they  were  collectors  of  the  society,  but  they  iefused  :to  answer  his  questions  as  regards  their  having  defrauded  the  society,  of  certain  sums  of  money—they  would  answer  anything  connected  with  the  charge,  but  the  question  about  money  had  nothing  to  do  with  that.  They  were.  however,  prepared  to  answer  such  questions-at  a,  proper  time  and  place.  Mr.  Roby  said  that  w  as  v  er  y  proper.'  ,  ~Mr-,  B STYLE=superscript  alding  said  several  of  Curran's  party  were  armed  'With  knives.  ,  Mr.  Blu*  having  replied  on  the  part  of  the  com complainant,_  plainant,_ complainant,_  Mr.  Mansfield  reviewed  the  whole  affair,  and  dismissed  the'  cbmplabit.  on  the  weight  of  evidence,  and  on  the  ground  that  order  should  be  maintained  by  the  president  of  the  body,  who  should  be  supported  ;  for  if  he  were  not,  no  order  could  be  kept  in  public  meetings.  The'.ileolsion  seemed  to  give  great  satisfaction.  APPOINTMENTS.-  , STYLE=superscript  —The  TMIdOII  Gazette  of  day  contains  the  following  announcement  :  6th  Regiment  of.  Royal  Lancashire  Militia  ;T.  A.  Ogle;  late  Ensign-in  the  7th  Regiment  of  Royal  Lancashire  Militia,  to  be  Ensign.  'THE  TEtAGRIPII  IN  EGYI.T.--Mr.  Gisborne  is  now  in  Egypt  to  Make  arrangements  for  laying  the  ,  submarine  electric  telegraph  from  Constantinople  to  Alexandria,  to  ernes  Egypt,  and  to  be  hereafter  extended  froin  Suez  to  Iri  la.  RAILWAY..  TO  PA_RAMATTA.—Sydney  q.dvices  of  the  27th  of  September  give  the  particulars  , STYLE=superscript  of  the  opening  of  the  r4o4w.aY:te  Paramatta  on  the  preceding  day  by  Sir  W.  -Lvetkison,  the  ,  Governor-general.  The  event  was  celebrated  by  argentral  , STYLE=superscript  holiday,  and  everything  passed  off  satisfactorily,  the•  first  train  having  the  terminus  at  Paramstta,  a  distance  of  fifteen  Miles,  in  three•quarters  of  an  hour.  The  Board  of  Customs;  with  the  view  of  having  a  daily  account  of  the  duties  performed  by  the  officers  of;  the  Waterside  , STYLE=superscript  department,  have•  formed  an  office,  by  which  returns  can  be  presented  - STYLE=superscript  a6  one  view  of  the  lutiable  goods  under  their  several  denomi-  Its  super  Vision  is  with  the  Surveyor-gefieral,  John,  assisted  „by,',lllr.'  :Sheldrick,  clerk  to  the  lauding  of  all.(';  Inspector-general.  .  .  The  ladies  .of  Launceston  (Tasmania)  having  trans-,  initte4  to  her  Majesty  the.  sum  of.  £1  :  13E14,  to  be  applied  benefit  Of  the  sick•and  wounded  soldiers  and  marines,  in  hospitals  her  Majestyhas-been'  pleased  to  direct  that  the  above  sum  shall  be  placed  at  the  disposal  of  Miss  Nightingale,  as  the  most  effectual  and  satisfactory  mode  of  carrying  out  the  wishes  of  the  ladies  of  Launceston.  iiireasonof  the,faila  re  or  bis.present  expedition.  It  was  known  that  he  Lad  abauctimed  the  design  of  marching  tin  lititais',  and  wai'fif  ftill.retreat  upon  Suchtim-Kaleh.  1  gm()  . STYLE=superscript  61'  his  trolps,,with  Others  who  were  despatched,  are  to  be  sent  to  Trebiziond  cover  to  Erzeroutn,  which  Place,  it  is  apprehended,  will  be  attacked,  by  General  IVlou  c STYLE=superscript  ravieff.  The  command  will  be  given  to  Ismail  oxen.  and  200  sheep,  was  driven  into  the  Bar  (  pel,  When.  Fort  Constantine  opened  firc  .  .upon  her,  ani  continued  its  fire  during  the  whole  of  one  day,  when  she  a  prey  to  the  flames  The  intellige  THE  BALTIC  by  !Fleg!aph,  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  block  amieiniced'in  the  liontj9n  G  of  rejoicing_  to  neat  of  tUe  R  ive►i  great  at  this  and  neigh  hooting  ports  in  the  Baltic,  and-  the  arrangements  whieh  had  •  previously  been  commenced-  for  the  removal  of  gotids  to  Russia  have  - STYLE=superscript  been  greatly  e.7itended.  The  navigation  '  Continues  to  be  perfectly  - STYLE=superscript  open.  There  is  nothing  whatever  to  prevent  the  trade  in  articles  contraband  of  war  being  freely  carried  on  with  the.ports  of  the  Baltic.  •  .  .  .  weather  is  mild;  no  ice  to  be  seen  here;  and  the  thermometer  stands.  at  33.  Fahrenheit.  THE  WEST  INDIA.  The  West  India  royal  mail  steamer,  Tyne,  arrived  at  Southampton  this  morning  t STYLE=superscript  ,  with  the  mails  from  the  West  Indies.  •  Her  dates  are—Havanna,  Dee,  10,  Jamaica,  11th  ;  Demerara,  10th  ;'  Trinidad,  10th  ;  Barbadoes,  12th  ;  and  St.  Thomas,  18th.  She  brings  3,100,000  dollars  in  specie.  -  Cholera  had  appeared  at  Portp  Rico,  and  yellow  fever  at  Martinique.  In  Trinidad  we  learn  that  an  nnnsually  good  crop  of  sugar  was  expected.  At_  Antigda  Her  Majesty's  ship.,  Medea,  which  conveys  the  admirals'  letters  tb  Bermuda  from  St.  Thomas,,_was  detained  some  days,  in  consequence  of  meeting  .the  United  ‘States:  sloop-of-war;  Cyane,  which  refused'  to  salute  the  British  flag,  alleging  that  an  Ame-'  ri6n  subject  (a  'grave),  had  there  been  'taken  out  of  an  American  vessel.  At  Demerara  business  was  not  so  brisk,  and  provi-,  sions  were  at  double  their  usual  price.  The  sugar  crop  was  nearly  gather  e  d  i  n  .  Th  ere  was  b  ut  little  shipping  in  theyort,  and  freight  ruled  hi  g  h.  At  Grenada  the  legislative  business  had  been  inter interrupted,  rupted, interrupted,  in  consequence  of  a  wished-for  adjournment,  on  the  Money  Bill  not  being  granted  by  his  Excellency.  It  waa  expeCted  the  dispute  would  lead  to  a  dissolution.  The  weather  was  f'avourable  to  the  plantations.  The  Pacific  Steam  Navigation  Company's  steamer  New  Grenada,  had  arrived  at  Panama  with  180,000  dollars  in  treasure,  and  dates  from  Valparaiso,  Nov.  15th  •  Callao,  25th;  Payta,  29th.  A  large  quantity  of  gold  had  been  discovered  in  Southern  Chili.  All  the  revolutionary  movements  in  the  republic  of  Bolivia  had  been  quelled.  Later  news  had  been•received  from  Australia.  The  gold  market  was  without  animation,  and  the  prices  were  765.  to  765.  3d.  The  produce  of  the  week  was  large"
