text
"FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  MONDAY  EVENING  Another  day  has  passed  away  and  the  public  has  not  received  any  official  or  semi-official  announcement  of  the  signing,  by  the  representa representatives  tives representatives  of  England  and  France  at  Vienna,  of  the  protocol  containing  the  acceptance  by  Russia  of  the  Austrian  conditions.  The  delay  excites  some  little  uneasiness  :—it  was  on  the  16th  that  Russia  notified  her  acceptance  of  the  conditions  to  the  Austrian  Minister  at  St.  Petersburg  ;—twelve  days  have  elapsed  since  then—and  yet  •the  protocol  on  the  matter  is  not  forthcoming  :—how  is  this  ?  has  any  hitch  occurred  ?  It  is  useless,  however,  to  give  you  any  of  the  injurious  specula speculations  tions speculations  on  the  subject  which  are  made  here,  as  it  is  not  improbable  that  the  Vienna  telegraph  will  have  flashed  to  you  news  of  the  signing  of  the  prr)tocol  before  this  letter  shall  arrive.  The  Journal  des  Debats  publishes  another  of  its  quasi-diplomatic  'articles.  Aftn-  stating  the  terms  in  which  Count  Nesselrode  originally  proposed  to  modify  the  Austrian  conditions—modifications  little  more  than  verbal,  and  penned  besides  with  remarkable  moderation  of  language—and  after  again  stating  that  it  was  chiefly  in  compliance  with  the  earnest  recommendations  and  the  scarcely  dis disguised  guised disguised  threats  of  Prussia,  that  the  Emperor  Alex Alexander  ander Alexander  ceded—it  says  that  Russia  will  consider  in  the  Conferences  that  the  fifth  article,  on  which  it  pieeopted,  tells  as  inuoll  in  favour  of  lier  as  of  England,  and  that  cons-quently  Russia  w•  11  demand  that  England  shall  be  prohibited  from  fortifying  the  island  of  Heligoland,  which  is  a  menace  to  Denmark  and  Northern  Germany,  and  shall  be  obliged  to  submit  to  a  treaty  limiting  the  force  and  number  of  her  vessels  in  the  Baltic.  The  Debats  may  be  right;  but  if  Russia  should  dare  to  ma!:e  any  such  proposition,  it  can  hardly  be  doubted  that  the  English  plenipotentiaries  will  at  once  quit  the  conferences.  The  choice  of  Lord  Cowley,  our  ambassador,  as  one  of  the  plenipotentiaries  in  the  conference,  does  not  excite  much  pleasure  here,  as  the  Noble  Lord,  though  very  discreet,  does  not  enjoy  the  reputation  of  being  intellectually  brilliant.  It  is  well  known  that  it  was  the  personal  favour  of  the  Queen,  and  not  his  talents  or  services,  which  secured  him  his  nomination  to  Paris  ;  yet  the  Paris  Embassy  is  the  highest  and  most  Important  in  the  diplomatic  profession,  and  ought  to  be  reserved  to  the  most  worthy.  A  Constantinople  letter  says,  that  the  Sardinian  Minister  in  this  city  Las  protested  against  being  exclude  . STYLE=superscript  !  from  the  Conferences  on  the  Danubian  Principalities.  And,  apropos  of  Sardinia,  it  is  alleged  hore  (in  Paris),  that  though  she  will  have  a  place  in  the  approaching  Conferences,  she  will  only  be  allowed  a  voice  in  snr:h  matters  as  interest  her  directly  —not  on  those  which  affect  Europe.  P.S.  It  is  believed  here  that  the  announcement  of  the  signing  of  the  preliminaries  of  peace  is  reserved  for  the  Queen  of  England  on  the  opening  of  Parliament.  It  is  also  believed  that  Prussia,  after  all,  will  be  admitted  to  the  Conferences.  The  following  appeared  in  our  Extra  Editions  of  yesterday  :  TURKEY.  The  Porte  has  opened  negociations  with  a  view  of  adjusting  the  differences  between  the  English  Minister  and  the  Persian  Government.  Delegates  of  the  Protestants  of  London,  Berlin,  Paris,  and  the  United  States,  have  caused  a  great  commotion  at  Constantinople,  amongst  the  Sultan's  ministers  and  high  functionaries,  by  addressing  a  demand  to  the  Porte  for  liberty  of  conscience  for  Turkish  subjects.  The  greatest  caution  and  prudence,  it  is  observed,  are  neces necessary  sary necessary  in  attempting  to  effect  so  great  a  change  in  the  Mussulman  law.  FRANCE  It  is  reported  in  Paris,  that  the  Polytechnic  School  is  to  be  dissolved.  Its  studied  silence  on  the  day  the  Imperial  Guard  entered  Paris,  was  remarked  upon  as  a  mot  unpatriotic  demonstration.  The  prospects  of  peace  are  beginning  to  exercise  a  beneficial  influence  on  the  trade  of  Paris.  The  down downward  ward downward  movement  in  breadstuffs  makes  fresh  progress  in  France.  The  decline  in  flour  varies  from  Bf.  to  I3f.  per  sack.  o  THE  CRIMEA  Camp,  Sebastopol,  Jan.  15  During  the  past  three  or  four  days,  _  camps  on  the  extreme  right  have  been  on  the  alert  in  the  expectation  of  an  attack  from  the  enemy.  Rumour  fixed  upon  the  12th  instant,  the  Russian  new  year's  day,  as  the  prob,hle  date  of  this  event.  Nothing  more  than  usual  transpired,  however,  nor  did  observation  of  the  enemy's  position  indicate  any  signs  of  movement.  In  the  course  of  the  morning  of  the  12th,  General  Codrington  rode  over  towards  Inkermann  to  reconnoitre,  attended  by  two  of  his  staff,  and,  as  usual,  a  single  orderly  dragoon.  On  Saturday,  the  2uth,  the  weather  was  so  mild  and  fine,  that  the  winter  clothing  was  universally  laid  aside.  The  thermometer,  yesterday  morning  at  nine  o'clock,  indi indicated  cated indicated  only  10  degrees  -hove  Zero.  The  troops  every  way  appear  very  healthy  and  vigorous,  notwithstanding  these  sudden  varia  ions  of  climate.  No  occurrence  of  note  has  taken  place  in  the  camp.  A  few  days  ago,  a  French  officer,  wandering  too  near  the  Tehernava  river  in  pursuit  of  game,  was  shot  dead  by  one  of  the  Russian  sharpshooter:,  who  line  the  whole  length  of  the  Tcher Tchernaya  naya Tchernaya  on  the  north  side,  and  omit  no  opportunity  of  firing  a  shot  at  a  casual  straggler.  March  is  fast  drawing  nigh  ;  and,  if  haste  is  not  made,  we  will  be  pushed  at  the  last  moment.  There  is  no  reason  in  the  world  why  all  the  quays  should  not  be  blown  in,  which  would  take  much  longer  time  to  rebuild  than  the  five  docks  and  basins  after  the  debris  were  cleared  away,  and  liiiewise  all  the  white  buiFlings  and  perfect  stone  storehouses  destroyed,  so  that,  when  this  army  quits  the  Crimea,  it  might  be  truly  stated,  that  not  one  stone  was  left  standing  upon  Flags  of  truce  have  been  lately  of  rather  frequent  occurrence.  Yesterday,  No.  3  general  order  was  to  the  following  All  officers  are  desired  to  supply  themselves  with  saddles  and  field  equipments  with  as  little  delay  as  This  looks  like  a  move  in  the  spring.—Daily  News.  THE  RUSSIAN  ACCEPTANCE.  The  Tines  publishes  an  exact  translation  of  the  circu circular  lar circular  issucit  by  the  Russian  government  to  its  diplomatic  agents,  in  which  it  announces  the  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  proposals.  This  document  is  dated  ST.  PETERSBURG,  JANUARY  19  After  alluding  to  the  fact  th  it,  at  last,  an  agreement  had  been  actually  arrived  at  on  many  of  the  fundamental  bases  for  peace,  the  circular  proceeds  as  follows  :—Due  regard  being  had  to  the  agreement  manifested  by  the  whole  of  Europe,  and  to  the  existence  of  a  coalition,  the  tendency  of  which  was  every  way  to  assume  larger  proportions,  and  considering  the  sacrifices  which  a  pro protraction  traction protraction  of  the  war  imposes  upon  Russia,  the  Imperial  government  has  deemed  it  its  duty  not  to  delay  by  accessory  discussions  a  work.  the  success  of  which  would  respond  to  its  heartfelt  wishes.  It  has,  in  consequence,  just  given  its  adhesion  to  the  propositions  transmitted  by  the  Austrian  government  as  a  project  for  preliminary  negotiations  for  peace.  By  the  energy  of  its  attitude  in  the  face  of  a  formidable  coalition,  Russia  has  given  a  measure  of  the  sacrifices  which  she  is  prepared  to  make  to  defend  her  honour  and  dignity  by  the  act  of  moderation.  The  imperial  government  gives,  at  the  same  time,  a  new  proof  of  its  sincere  desire  to  arrest  the  effusion  of  blood,  to  conclude  a  struggle  so  grievous  to  civilization  and  humanity,  and  to  restore  to  Russia  and  to  Europe  the  blessings  of  peace.  It  has  a  right  to  expect  that  the  opinion  of  all  civilized  nations  will  appreciate  the  act.  The  magnificent  Boston  liner,  Jo?.n  Eliot  Thayer,  Capt.  Gains  Sampson,  sailed  from  the  Mersey  on  Sunday  last  for  her  destination,  with  another  enormous  cargo,  of  upwards  of  3,400  tons  ;  th  e  va  l  ue  of  which,  cannot  b  e  compute  d  at  less  than  £130,000.  THE  WEA  THER  h  as  t  a  k  en  ano  th  er  c  h  an  ge  since  Monday  night.  Ab  ou  t  n  i  ne  o  '  c  l  oc  k  t  h  ere  f  e  ll  a  h  ea  vy  showe  r  c  f  hard  hail,  f  o  ll  ow  i  ng  b  y  a  smar  t  f  ros  t,  which  continued  a  ll  night;  and  yest  er  d  a  y  morning,  the  streets,  particularly  in  the  upper  parts  of  the  town,  were  in  a  dangerously  slippy  frost  stat STYLE=superscript  set  e.T  i  h  n  e  a  d  g  a  a  y  in  w  iae  as  .  ,  t  however,  fine,  d  fin  th  e,  er  b  e  nt  is  in  e  te  v  n  ery  sely  ap  c  p  oeldaiance  and  of  its  continuance.  __  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT  AT  MANCHESTER.-  On  Saturday  evening,  as  the  eleven  p.m.  train  from  itlanchester  t  o  Alt  r  incham  was  starting  from  the  Oxford.road  station,  Manchester,  the  man  whose  duty  it  was  to  turn  the  points  so  as  4 STYLE=superscript  0  admit  the  train  from  the  platform  siding  on  to  the  main  line,  turned  the  wrong  ones,  th  e  consequence  of  w  hi  c  h  was  that  the  train  ran  into  the  engine  of  a  goods  train  about  forty  or  fifty  yards  Lora  the  station,  waiting  to  come  towards  Oxford-road  whea  the  passenger  train  had  passed.  The  latter  was  advancing  at  the  rate  of  only  two  miles  an  hour,  or  the  result  might  have  been  extremely  serious.  As  it  was,  Mr.  Rogerson,  farmer,  and  Mrs.  Rogerson,  of  Timperley,  and  ilrs.  Palmer,  of  Salemoor,  'were  severely  bruised,  and  the  lady  first  named  recAved  so  severe  a  blow  on  the  head  as  to  induce  concussion  of  the  brain.  Several  other  persons  were  bruised,  but  all  are  expected  to  recover."
