text
"The  Presse  of  this  evening  contains  the  following  article  in  reference  to  the  duties  of  the  troops  to  be  sent  out  to  C  :onstantinople  hicli  England.  and  France  will  perform  is  thus  traced  out  —to  circumscribe  the  war  at  which  they  will  be  present  as  juges  - STYLE=superscript  de  camp  ;  to  oppose  all  revictualling  of  the  Russian  army  by  sea,  in  the  event,  les'S  film'  ever  probable,  of  the  victory  of  the  .  Russians  over  the  Turks  ;  to  pre prevent,  vent, prevent,  by  force  if  necessary;  the  Russians  from  crossing  the  line  of  the  Danube,  and  of  the  Balkans;  and  to  maintain  the  European  equilib equilibrium  rium equilibrium  such  as  it  has  been  established  by  treaties.  The  most  _affable  understanding  -exists,  not  only  between  the  .  English  mid.  French  ,Governments,  but  also  between  the  commanders-in-chief  of  the  two  squadrons.  •  Admiral  Hamelin  being  older  than  Admirad  Dundas,  the  latter  has  courteously  offered.,to  place  himself  under  the.  orders  of  the  former.  Notwithstanding  the  very  marked  recep reception  tion reception  at  Olmiitz  of  General  Guyon  by  the  Emperor  Nicholas,  the  prompt  return  of  this  general  to  Paris  is  •  •  •  report  of  the  entrance  of  the  combined  spuadrons  into  the,  DardanelleS  has  been  current  to-day.  -  After  the  entrance  of  the  frigates,  the  presence  of  the  two  Squadrons  would  add  nothing  to  the  significancy  of  the  act.  The  fact  is,  how however,  ever, however,  not  improbable,  for  the  anchorage  at  Besika,  although  good  during  the  summer,  is  not  tenable  during  tha  - STYLE=superscript  It  gas  already  been  stated  that  more  than  800  Poles  have  inscribed  their  names  at  the  Turkish  embassy,  and  offered  their  services  to  the  Porte,  in  the  event  of  a  war  with  RUssia.  The  Preise  pub publishes  lishes publishes  a  letter  addressed  to.  Reschid  Pacha  by  M.  Christian  Ostrowski,  written  in  the  name  of  his  fellow-countrymen,  repeating  this  offer  to  the  Turkish  Minister  of  Poreign  Affairs.  The  Cootitittionnel,  after  giving  the  telegraphic  despatch  from  Vienna,  dated  the  :3d,  says  information  which  we  have  received  per-  .  mits  us  to  add  to  these  details.  At  the  reiterated  request  Of  M.  de  Bruck,  theinternuncio  of  Austria:,  the  Divan  met  on  the  25th  ult  ,  to  deliberate  anew  on  the  note  of  Vienna.  The  Divan  was  unanimous  in  deciding  .that  the  Porte  could  then  less  than  ever,  in  presence  of  the  interpretation  given  to  that  document  by  the  Cabinet  of  St.  Petersburg,  accept  it,  without  its  having  first  received  the  modifica modifications  tions modifications  indicated  by  Reschid  Paella.  That  deter determination  mination determination  was  to  be-  communicated  to  the  ambassa ambassadors  dors ambassadors  of  the  four  Powers.  The  Divan  also  decided  that  a  grand  Council  should  be  convoked  for  .  the  next  day  to  examine  the  situation.  That  meeting  took  place  the  next  day,  and  this  is  what  is  said  to  have  been  decided  :  first  of  all,  it  was  resolved  that  the  system  of  negotiations  was  exhausted  ;  next,  all  the  measures  necessary  for  the  lasepreparatives  of  defence  Were  regulated  ;  lastly,  it.  was  -  declared  that  the  moment  had  arrived  for  making  what  was  called  at  Constantinople  ..the  declaration  of.  war.  It  is  this  without  doubt  which  the  Vienna  despatch  indicates  by  the  general  terms,  that  the  Divan  had  come  to  resolutionS  iii  the  sense  of  The  Third  Edition  of  the  Morning  Chronicle  con  tains  the  following  :  (BY  SUBMARINE  TELEGRAPH.)  (FROM  OUR  VIENNA  CORRESPONDENT.)  VIENNA,-  THURSDAY;  Accounts  have  been  received,  per  Trieste  tele telegraph,  graph, telegraph,  from  Constantinople,  to  the  26th.  The  French  and  Austrian  Ambassadors  had  urged  the  Sultan  to  accept  the  Vienna  Note  ;  but  he  had  refused  to  do  so.  The  Grand  National  Cotincil  consequently  met,  and  approved  unanimously  of  the  Ministers'  con conduct  duct conduct  in  recommending  war.  A  meeting  was  alc.  held  to  frame  an  address  to  the  Sultan,  requesting  him  solemnly  to  declare  war.  •  The  Berlin  telegraphic  correspondent  announces  the  departure  of  General  Guyon  for  Warsaw.  Report  says  that  the  Austrian  soldiers  on  fur furlough  lough furlough  are  all  to  be  reealled  forthwith.  Another  telegraphic  despatch,  via  Trieste,  says  The  beginning  of  the  war  is  very  probable,.  Fir  mans  with  regard  to  it  were  expected  .on  the  27th,  and  were  already  sent  to  head-quarters.  There  was  great  financial  ernbarrasSment,  and  a  great  augmentation  of  paper  OBTAINING  FRAUDULENT  POSSESSION  OF  GOODS  BY  IVIIOLESALE-EXTRAORDINARY  CASE.  Mary  Ann  Sadler,  who  had  the  appearance  of  a  domestic  servant,  and  was,  dnring  the  greater  part  of  the  examination,  in  tears,  was  placed,  in,  the  dock,  at  the  Manchester  City  Police  Court,  yesterday,  on  a  charge  of  having  obtained,  a  great  quantity  of  goods  under  false  pretences,  &amp;c.  •  Mr.  Superintendent  TAYLOR,  of  the  D  division  of  police,  who  conducted  the  prosecution,  stated  that  the  prisoner  was  charged  with  going  round  to  different  shops  in  the  town,  and  getting  therefrom  boots,  shoes,  stays,  and  other  articles  of  wearing  apparel,  a  system  of  plunder  which  she  had  carried  on-  for  a  great  length  of  time.  •  Mr.  Ford,  a  boot  andshoe  maker,  in  Oxford-road,  stated  that,  on  the  23d  of  August  last,  the  prisoner  came  to  his  shop  with  a  piece  of  paper,  stating  she  wanted  a  pair  of  boots  for  a  Mrs.  Roberts.  He  asked  who  she  was,  and  she  stated  she  was  a  lady  living  up  towards  Rusholme.  Witness  said  he  was  not  satisfied,  and  refused  to  let  her  have  the  boots.  The  prisoner  then  said  Miss  Johnston  had  recom recommended  mended recommended  her  t  9  his  shop,'  and,  as  he  knew  a  Miss  Johnston,  he  thought  it  might  be  true  that  she  knew  something  of  the  matter.  Two  ether  ladies  in  the  meantime  came  into  the  shop,  and  while  he  was  looking  for  boots  to  give  to  the  prisoner,  his  shopman,  Mr.  Rodgers,  came  in,  and  he  re requested  quested requested  Rodgers  to  go  with  prisoner,  and  bring  back  either  the  money  or  the  boots.  Foreman  Rodgers  stated,  that  he  went  with  the  prisoner,  who  had  the  boots,  and  on  getting  to  the  house  ,  she  pretended  was  her  master's,  she  requested  witness  to  stand  a  few  moments  at  the  front  door,  as  there  was  no  one  in  but  her  master  and  mistress,  and  that  she  would  go  the  back  way  and  open  the  door.  Witness  never  apprehended  the  female  to  be  a  thief;  she  went  away  and  never  returned,  He  could  not  positively  swear  that  the  prisoner  was  the  female  in  question,  though  he  walked  with  her  at  least  a  quarter  of  a  mile.  Mr.  a  pawnbroker,  Greek-street,  Chorlton-on-Medlock,  stated  that  a  young  woman  came  to  his  place  of  business  on  the  23rd  of  August,  and  pawned  a  pair  of'  boots.  He  could  not  identify  the  prisoner  as  the  female  who  did  so  ;  nor.  could  his  assistant,  George  Bell,  who  was  the  next  witness,  and  who  advanced  3s.  upon  the  boots.  Mr.  Hardy;  a  pawnbroker,  Brook-street,  Chorlton-upon-  Medlock,  stated  that  on  the.23rd  Of  August,  a  woman  pledged  a  pair  of  boots  with  him,  but  he  could  not  identify  the  prisoner  as  the  woman.  Mr.  Ford  swore  to  several  pairs  of  boots  produced  (which  had  been  obtained  at  the  pawn pawnbroker's)  broker's) pawnbroker's)  as  his  property.  Miss  Mortimer,  who  keeps  a  boot  and  shoe  shop  in  Claren Clarendon-street,  don-street, Clarendon-street,  Charlton-on  Medlock,  stated  that  on  the  29th  of  August  last,  the  prisoner  came  for  some  pairs  of  boots,  stat stating  ing stating  that  they  were  for  her  mistress,  Miss  Jones,  who  was  going  to  be  a  teetotaller.  Witness  said  she  would  send  her  sister  along  with  the  prisoner  and  the  boots,  which  she  did.  The  sister  stated  that  she  went  with  the  prisoner  to  Storey Storeystreet,  street, Storeystreet,  where  she  took  the  boots,  and  ordered  the  sister  to  wait  .until  she  returned,  which  of  course  she  never  did.  Mary  Ann  Farringdon  spoke  to  the  prisoner  having  pawned  with  her  employer,  Mr.  Burgess,  two  pairs  of  boots,  for  which  ls.  per  pair  was  advanced.  The  shopman  of  Mr.  Ryder,  another  pawnbroker,  stated  that  the  prisoner  had  pawned  a  pair  of  boots  with  him.  Miss  Mortimer,  the  prosecutrix,  identified  the  boots  produced  as  her  property.  Miss  Mary  Evans,  (in  the  next  ease)  stated  that  alio  was  in  charge  of  the  shop  in,  133,  Oxford  Road,  and  that  on  the  23rd  of  September,  the  prisoner'  came  to  the  shop  and  said  that  she  was  sent  by  Mrs.  Roberts,  of  Plymouth  Grove,  for  some  stays,  and  stating  that  the  price  was  to  be  about  18s.  and  that  she  wished  a  boy  to  accompany  her  with  the  stays  to  the  residence  of  Mrs.  Roberts.  Under  these  circumstances,  nine  pail;  of  stays  were  given  to  the  prisoner,  and  their  value  was  between  £6  and  £7.  The  boy  who  accompanied  the  prisoner  with  the  stays  stated,  that  she  made  off  from  him  at  the  corner  of  Hyde  Road,  near  Shakspeare-street,  taking  with  her  the  stays.  Miss  Ellen  Taylor  stated,  that  on  searching  the  prisoner  at  the  station  house,  she  found  upon  her  a  pair  of  stays,  which  were  afterwards  identified  as  the  property  of  the  prosecutrix.  Four  other  pairs  were  disposed  of  by  the  prisoner,  at  a  shop  in  Deansgate,  and  three  pairs  were  found  in  the  house  of,  the  prisouer,  Harwood-street,  Hulme,  when  apprehended  on  Wednesday.  In  the  next  case  the  prisoner  was  charged  with  having  under  circumstances  similar  to  those  in  the  preceding  case,  obtained  from  William  Cox,  a  boot  and  shoemaker,  Ludlow Ludlowstreet,  street, Ludlowstreet,  Chorlton-on-Medlock,  two  pairs  of  boots,  which  she  afterwards  pawned.  In  the  next  case  the  prisoner  was  charged  with  having,  on  the  28th  of  Sept.,  under  like  circumstances,  obtained  from  Mrs.  Mary  Theldon,_  wild  keeps  a  shop  .  in  Stretford  New  Road,  a  quant4  of  ladies'  chemises,  which  she  said  were  for  MrS.  Roberts,  •  Of  RishOlme.:terrace.  .  KnoWing  Mrs.  Ro Roberts  berts Roberts  to  1)6  - STYLE=superscript  a  respectable'  lady,  and  a  customer  of  hers,  she  let  the  prisoner  have  the  goods,  but  it  turned  out  that  Mrs.,  Roberts  never  sent  for  the  articles  and  never  received  them.:  The  value  of  the  goods  the  prisoner  Obtained  was  £2  18s.  6(1:  A  portibn  of  the  property  this  taken  away  Was  found  in  the'  house  of  the  prisonen--,„  In  the  next  case  against  tE6  -- STYLE=superscript  trafer.ttuiate  prisoner,  Mr  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES"
