text
"EuroT  with  regard  to  our  Allies—the  Sur  (El:Hans  and  Turks—how  are  we  to  treat  them  in  a  final  adjustment  of  peace?  A  three  years'  war  will  leave  Turkey  in  a  prostrate  condition,  with  fully  10,000,0001.  of  debt,  and  Sardinia,  with  a  twelve  months'  alliance  with  the  Western  Powers  ,  fully  2,000,0001.  debt  and  minus  the  flower  of  her  army.  And  in  all  we  have  heard  respecting  the  Austrian  propositions,  we  have  not  been  able  to  detect  cne  word  about  the  restoration  of  the  Prin Principalities  cipalities Principalities  to  their  lawful  Sovereign,  the  SULTAN  ;  nor  has  FRANCIS  JOSEPH  given  Europe  any  assurance  that  he  will  not,  on  any  pretext,  fall  upon  Piedmont  in  :he  interest  of  Rome,  in  accor accordance  dance accordance  with  the  spirit  of  the  Concordat  obtained  from  the  Holy  See.  As  the  war  is  one  specially  directed  against  lawless  aggression  the  peace  which  succeeds  it  should  place  a  well-defined  limit  to  the  pretensions  and  war-fermenting  encroachments  of  Austria  as  well  as  Russia.  One  of  the  chief  objects  for  which  England  took  up  arms  was  to  preserve  the  sovereignty  of  the  Otto.  man  dominions  :  and  what  will  the  world  say  to  the  perfidy  of  the  Western  Powers  if  they  allow  Austria  to  continue  her  military  occupation  of  the  richest  portion  of  the  Turkish  territory,  and  leave  Sardinia  to  the  mercy  of  the  malice  and  fanaticism  of  Vienna?  Such  a  line  of  policy  cannot  be  pursued  with  impunity.  It  would  throw  us  back  among  those  rocks  and  shoals,  which  a  war,  vigorously  prosecuted,  would  have  swept  away  by  placing  in  our  hands  the  means  of  exacting  from  other  States  those  terms  which  we  know  to  be  essential  to  the  future  peace  and  well-being  of  Europe.  If  any  portion  of  Italy  should  again  be  internally  convulsed,  or  assailed  from  without,  who  once  i  ss  failed  3/  im  will  p  retend  to  say  that  the  Continent  will  not  be  s  e  p  e  r  e  h  e  a  e  1  to  Ita  m  l  ore  in  a  bl  aze  ?  Austria  '  s  views  with  regard  y STYLE=superscript  ,  a  r  i  1  by  y  r  to  ev  ethose  politicalof  Russia  means  i  n  Turkey.  h  to  gain  ascendency  at  Rome,  but  she  has  now  the  propaganda  on  her  side,  and  •  -  is  hailed  as  a  guardian  angel  whose  assistance,  with  sword  d  be  invoked  at  any  moment  and  fire,  may  a STYLE=superscript  gainst  the  P  OPE  '  S  lieges  and  he  re  ti  ca  l  Pi  edmont.  But,  looking  at  the  wide  field  of  jealousies  and  difficulties  which  th  e  war  dormanthas  up,  we  have  little  confidence  in  the  durabilb  r STYLE=superscript  it  oken STYLE=superscript  any  peace  that  may  be  brought  11  ,1  37 STYLE=superscript  ,,  u  t  f STYLE=superscript  as  a  simple  matte  r  o  f  mutual  accommoda accommodation.  tion. accommodation.  Every  nation  in  Europe  has  hoped  to  gain  something  by  the  present  conflict,  and  great  will  be  their  consternation  when  they  find  peace  has  been  concluded  where  the  contest  ought  to  have  commenced.  That  negotiations  will  take  place  now  appears  certain  ;  and  should  no  miscarriage  befal  the  CZAR  in  his  own  capital  some  sort  of  an  understanding  may  be  come  to  in  which  it  is  pro probable  bable probable  that  England  will  be  mulcted  a  second  time  of  the  whole  cost  of  a  war  which  is  European  in  its  objects.  But  the  national  voice  of  this  country  ought  to  protest  most  solemnly  against  an  armistice  of  three  months  being  granted  for  any  such  purpose.  What  can  there  be  in  the  Austrian  propositions,  which  half-a-dozen  honest  and  sincere  men  could  not  discuss  in  one  and  twenty  days  ?  After  the  tragical  bloodshed  we  have  witnessed,  are  we  to  have  a  three  months'  interlude,  to  make  the  world  laugh  at  our  innocent  credulity  ?  Is  not  Russia  obtaining  money  on  her  bonds  in  illamburg,  and  through  her  Dutch  agents,  in  every  other  capital  in  Europe  ?  She  can  want  nothing  more  than  time,  to  enable  her  to  prolong  the  contest  ;  and,  in  three  months,  she  could  make  entirely  new  dispositions  of  her  troops,  and  fortify  all  those  points  now  left  open  to  invasion.  The  length  of  time  which  it  is  said  Russia  seeks  for  negotiation,  is  the  surest  sign  she  has  yet  given,  that  she  intends  to  play  the  knave.  Still,  the  bare  whisper  of  the  restoration  of  peace,will  be  a  grand  ministerial  card  for  the  open opening  ing opening  of  the  Session.  To  commence  the  memorable  1856,  with  a  bloodless  triumph,  will  paralyse  the  tongue  of  the  peace-man  ;  and,  opening  a  conference  to  discuss  terms  which  ought  to  have  been  enforced  at  the  cannon's  mouth  will,  it  is  hoped,  leave  those  who  were  for  war  little  to  say  Politically,  such  to  influence  public  opinion  intrigues  frequently  succeed  ;  but  morally  ;  they  invariably  fail.  The  country  in  three  months  suspense  will  suffer  greater  injury  than  if  we  were  to  have  all  the  battles  and  losses  of  1854-5  to  endure.  The  public  mind  will  be  kept  in  that  state  of  incessant  excitement  which  leaves  England  open  to  the  grossest  plundering  by  all  those  who  know  how  to  t  e  advantage  of  o  market  E  very  gambler  in  the  shape  of  a  millionaire  will  be  ready  to  seize  upon  the  national  uneasiness,  and  we  repeat  that  we  shall  lose  more  by  a  three  months'  suspension  of  hostilities  than  by  a  whole  year's  determined  prosecution  of  the  war  in  the  field.  NORTHERN  TIMES.—LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY,  JANUARY  aB,  MS&amp;"
