text
"lEALTH  COMMITTEE.-YE  STE  RDA.Y,  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  committee  took  place  at  half-past  two  o'clock  yesterday.  Alderman  CHARLES  LANGSDALE  in  the  chair.  -  There  was  also  present—Messrs.  Moss,  Beckwith,  Godfrey,  Johnson,  James  Holmes,  Robert Robertson  son Robertson  Gladstone,  Fleming,  Halhead,  and  Henderson.  It  was  reported  to  the  committee  that  Mr.  Fresh,  the  inspector  of  nuisances,  had  met  with  a  very  serious  acci accident  dent accident  yesterday  while  walking  through  Dake-street.  Pass Passing  ing Passing  the  Yacht  Club,  he  stepped  upon  a  piece  of  orange-peel  and  fell,  dislocating  his  shoulder,  and,  it  is  believed,  break breakcollar  collar breakcollar  bone.  Much  regret  was  expressed  by  the  s  of  the  committee  at  the  accident.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  several  streets  were  rendered  very  being  thrown  there.  In  Church Churchrved  rved Churchrved  that  this  was  the  case.  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  reported  that,  in  consequence  partly  of  the  increased  severity  of  the  weather,  the  mortality  of  the  town  was  higher  in  the  week  ending  last  Saturday  than  in  any  of  the  s  i  x  wee  k  s  preceding.  The  registered  deaths  were  141  in  the  parish,  and  58  in  the  extra-parochial  wards,  making  the  total  of  199,  against  165  in  the  previous  week,  but  by  five  below  the  average  of  the  mortality  of  the  same  week  of  the  preceding  six  years..  Diseases  of  the  lungs  (with  consumption)  cau  se  d  64  deaths,  a  greater  num number  ber number  than  in  any  week  sinc  e  th  e  month  Of  June.  A  still  higher  mortality  from  this  cause  might  be  expected  in  the  he  inclement  temperature  of  deaths  were  rep.'  `lred  from  week,  as  the  result  of  t  cholera  during  the  week.  Of  those  who  died,  four  were  emigrants,  and  one  a  nurse  in  the  cholera  wards.  On  Tues Tuesday  day Tuesday  the  last  case  of  cholera  was  dismissed  from  the  hospital,  which  is  now  reported  as  empty.  Diarrhoea  caused  seven  deaths,  about  the  average  of  the  same  week  of  former  years.  From  typhus  the  deaths  were  10  ;  scarlatina,  9  ;  measles,  5.  The  West  Derby  Board  of  Guardians  had  forwarded  com complains  plains complains  of  the  annoyance  caused  by  accumulations  of  stagnant  water  on  the  east  side  of  Upper  Baker-street,  behind  tensed  Victuallers'  Asylum,  -s STYLE=superscript  and  also  at  the  east  side  of  iarsden-street,  behind  Brougham-terrace.  A  public  sewer  passes  within  the  required  distance  of  both  places.  The  medical  officer  of  health  recommended  that  notice  to  drain  be  served  on  the  owners  of  the  lands.  It  was  ordered  that  the  notices  be  serve  d.  Mr.  RISHTON,  the  building  surveyor;reported  the  inspec inspection  tion inspection  of  172  delapidated  privies  and  ashpits,  122  of  which  were  undergoing  alteration  s  an  d  repairs,  and  50  of  which  required  such,  together  with  various  other  details  in  his  department.  Mr.  NIINVLANDO,  tho  borough  engineer,  reported  numerous  particulars  of  the  work  done  and  in  hand  in  his  department.  Mr.  FRESH,  inspector  of  nuisances,  reported  the  emptying  of  1,159  cesspools;  the  inspection  of  132  nuisances  com complained  plained complained  of  by  inhabitants;  and  the  reference  of  55  others  to  the  borough  engineer,  for  remedy  by  drainage,  &amp;c:,  with  a  detail  of  the  other  operations  of  his  staff,  including  parti particulars  culars particulars  of  a  sanitary  examination  of  927  ennrf_haueco,  and  424  enllor.  .I.—ca  or  inmates  i  n  th  e  l  ower  par  t  s  o  f  the  town,  and  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  sanitary  officers  had  made  special  examinations  during  the  week  of  2,269  different  apartments  in  street-houses,  and  2,553  rooms  in  court-houses,  in  the  districts  named,  for  the  purpose  of  eradicating  unhealthiness  therefrom,  besides  the  cellar  in inspection  spection inspection  above  named.  The  CHAIRMAN  stated  that  an  interview  had  been  held  with  the  Liverpool  and  Leeds  Canal  Company,  regarding  the  charge  of  1d  a  ton  made  t  o  M  r  .  R  ose  ,  f  or  loadig  manure  from  each  of  the  cuts.  They  continued  to  demand  that  charge,  and  it  remained  to  be  seen  whether  Mr.  Rose  would  agree  to  it  or  not.  He  suggested  that  Mr.  Rose  should  be  summoned  to  attend  the  next  meeting,  and  he  hoped  the  matter  would  be  arranged.  It  was  agreed  that  Mr.  Rose  should  be  requested  to  attend  the  next  meeting.  Mr.  David  Hennessy  was  promoted  to  the  appointment  held  by  Mr.  Parker  in  the  engineer's  office  at  a  salary  of  £7O  a  year.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mrs.  Parker,  requesting  that  the  committee  would  be  pleased  to  contribute  something  towards  her  distressed  situation  consequent  on  the  death  of  her  husband.  On  the  motion'of  Mr.  Moss,  seconded  by  Mr.  Godfrey,  it  was  proposed  that  one  month's  salary  be  given  her.  A  memorial  was  read  from  a  number  of  occupiers  of  houses  in  Tithebarn-street,  praying  the  committee  to  put  a  stop  to  the  nuisance  arising  from  Messrs.  Mc  Fie  and  Sons'  sugar  refinery  in  Bachelor  -street.  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  said  that  this  nuisance  had  been  complained  of  some  time  ago,  but  that  he  had  heard  nothing  for  the  last  eight  or  nine  months.  It  was  referred  to  the  medical  officer  to  report  upon.  In  reference  to  the  application  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  committee  by  the  West  Derby  board  of  guardians,  The  BOROUGH  ENGINEER  stated  that  he  had  had  as  inter interview  view interview  with  Mr.  Clayton,  and  that  the  guardians  were  willing  to  sign  any  document.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTON  called  on  the  chairman  to  state  the  nature  of  their  interview  with  Dr.  Sutherland.  The  CHAIRIVIAN  said  that  they  had  a  long  conversation  with  him,  and  that  he  went  away  fully  impressed  that  the  committee  had  done  all  they  could  in  improving  the  sanitary  condition  of  the  town.  Mr.  Moss  observed,  that  his  mission  was  merely  in  con connection  nection connection  with  the  parish  authorities,  by  whom  a  deputation  ed  to  him,  and  to  accompany  him  in  his  inspec-  ,pp  oint  tion  of  the  church-  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :—He  expressed  a  very  decided  opinion,  that  this  committee  have  done  all  in  their  power  to  bring  about  sanitary  regulations  in  the  town,  and  that  he  had  nothing  to  suggest  to  us  on  that  score.  Mr.  RALuiaD  said  that  in  the  township  of  Toxteth  Park,  were  about  to  purchase  land  for  a  new  cemetery.  Mr.  Moss  :—lt  is  necessary  that  they  should  be  had,  no  doubt  ;  but  in  future  you  must  bid  adieu  to  2s.  rates  in  Livero'ool  HOLME  called  attention  to  the  manner  in  which  pri private  vate private  parties  were  allowed  to  obtrude  on  the  footpaths,  by  the  architectural  decorations  of  their  houses.  He  thought  that  this  matter  should  be  attended  to  in  the  new  act.  The  BOROUGH  ENGINEER  said  there  was  a  clause  in  the  act,  which  allowed  only  three  inches  for  architectural  de-  corations.  The  committee  then  adjourned  COUNTY  COURT.  -  -YESTERDAY  --ESTERDAT  BEFORE  J.  POLLOCK,  ESQ.,  THE  JUDGE.  W.  OWEN  v.  W.  ALLEN.—By  this  action  the  plaintiff,  formerly  a  singer  at  Walton  church,  sought  to  recover  the  sum  of  £lO  Is.  from  the  defendant,  the  organist  of  that  church,  as  the  balance  of  salary  duo.  The  defendant  did  not  appear.  The  plaintiff  stated  he  had  been  engaged  to  sing  at  the  church  at  a  salary  of  £5  15s.  per  annum,  which  was  to  be  paid  quarterly.  When  he  ceased  singing,  the  sum  claimed  was  due  to  him  ;  he  had  repeatedly  asked  defend defendant  ant defendant  for  the  amount,  and  had  been  promised  payment.  His  HONOR  :  Has  the  defendant  received  the  money  ?  Plaintiff  :  He  has,  and  I  do  not  think  he  is  deserving  of  much  leniency  in  this  case.  Verdict  for  plaintiff;  the  amount  to  be  paid  immediately  DELANY  v.  STRANGE.—In  this  case,  which  was  one  of  collision,  and  fully  reported  in  this  journal,  Mr.  A  s  pi  na  ll,  for  the  defendant  applied  for  a  new  trial,  to  be  heard  before  a  jury  men  of  science  in  monied  Mr.  Hall,  for  the  plaintiff  resisted  the  application,  but  his  Honor  de decided  cided decided  upon  granting  a  new  trial,  to  be  heard  before  a  jury  on  the  12th  of  December  next.  GOWLA.ND  v.  SHARPE.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  the  plaintiff,  chronometer  maker,  to  recover  from  the  defendant,  a  shipowner,  the  sum  of  £lB  4s.  for  some  charts,  &amp;c.,  sup supplied  plied supplied  to  Captain  Lawson,  of  the  Caroline,  one  of  the  de defendant's  fendant's defendant's  ships.  Mr.  lime  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Almond  for  the  defendant.  It  appeared  that  in  the  month  of  June  last,  Captain  Law Lawson,  son, Lawson,  of  the  Caroline,  called  at  the  establishment  of  the  plaintiff  and  purchased  several  charts,  and  other  articles,  the  bill  for  which  was  sent  to  the  defendant's  office,  when  the  cashier  said  it  was  all  right,  the  captain  was  to  have  three  months'  credit.  On  a  subsequent  interview,  Mr.  Sharpe  said  he  had  already  paid  too  much  for  the  captain,  but  would  write  to  him  on  the  West  Coast,  The  defendant  denied  his  responsibility,  and  proved  that  it  was  the  captains  of  vessels  who  found  charts  and  not  the  owners  of  the  vessel.  His  H  osoß  directed  a  non-suit,  there  being  no  evidence  to  show  that  the  captain  bad  requested  the  owner  to  pay  the  amount,  which  he  had  no  doubt  would  be  the  case  when  he  arrived  in  this  port.  CARPENTER  V.  GIRTAN.  —Mr.  Aspinall,  who  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  said  this  was  an  action  to  recover  £lB,  the  amount  paid  on  several  seamen's  notes.  In  each  case  proof  was  given  of  the  seamen  having  signed  the  notes,  which  were  payable  five  days  after  th  e  ship  had  left  Londonderry.  The  defendant  denied  his  liability,  on  the  ground  that  the  seamen  had  not  sailed  with  the  ship,  but  had  deserted  from  Portrush  ;  of  this  fact,  however,  he  was  not  prepared  with  legal  evidence,  and  the  case  was  consequently,  at  the  request  of  the  defendant,  adjourned  until  the  ship  should  arrive,  he  paying  the  expenses.  The  defendant  had  no  objection  to  pay  the  amount  under  protest,  but  his  Honor  would  not  give  his  advice  on  that  point.  GIELIS  HENDRY  V.  GEORGE  RICHARD  BUSHEY.  —This  was  an  action  brought  by  the  plaintiff,  formerly  proprietor  of  the  Kirkdale  Vinegar  Brewery,  to  recover  from  the  defen defendant,  dant, defendant,  the  present  proprietor,  the  sum  of  £5O,  the  value  of  a  number  of  vinegar  casks,  which,  at  the  time  o  f  th  e  t  rans  f  er  of  the  property,  as  it  had  passed  through  other  hands,  were  out.  The  defendant  pleaded  a  set-off  for  the  carriage  of  the  casks  to  the  brewery,  and  that  they  had  been  charged  at  two  high  a  rate.  His  Honor  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  Damages  £3O,  which  was  £2O  less  than  the  amount  claimed,  he  being  of  opinion  that  they  had  been  valued  at  two  high  a  rate.  DOWNIE  v.  KING.—In  this  action  the  plaintiff,  formerly  a  clerk  in  the  employ  of  the  defendant,  sought  to  recover  £23  lls.  3d.,  the  balance  of  an  account  for  wages  and  over-  time.  The  plaintiff,  failing  to  show  that  Sere  was  any  arrangement  at  the  time  of  his  engagement  for  the  payment  of  overtime,  or  subsequently,  his  Honor  directed  a  nonsuit,  without  calling  upon  the  defendant  to  go  into  his  case.  JOSEPH  QUINN  V  THE  CITY  OF  DUBLIN  STEAM  PACKET  COMPANY.—Sir  G.  Stephen  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Grucott  for  the  defendants.  This  action  was  brought  to  recover  £43  10s,  the  value  of  three  boxes  of  eggs.  It  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  during  a  certain  week  in  October,  Mr.  James  Doyle,  of  Dubli2,  shipped  by  the  company's  packet,  twel  ve  boxes  of  eggs,  only  nine  of  which  had  ever  been  delivered  to  the  plaintiff.  The  servants  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Doyle,  proved  the  delivery  of  the  twelve  boxes  of  eggs  at  the  com company's  pany's company's  packets  ;  and  the  plaintiff  swore  to  only  having  re received  ceived received  nine  boxes,  although  he  had  been  charged  for  the  freight  of  the  twelve  boxes.  For  the  defence  it  was  alleged  that  the  eggs  had  been  left  by  one  vessel,  and  brought  by  that  which  followed;  but  the  company  had  no  means  of  identifying  the  overplus  cargo  of  one  vessel  from  th  a  t  w  hi  c  h  had  been  left.  The  serva  n  t  s  of  the  company  could  not  pro produ3e  du3e produ3e  an  item  in  the  memorandum  book  for  the  delivery  of  the  three  boxes.  Verdict  for  the  plaintiff."
