text
"11Iost  High  God,  pail  a  literal  r  the  sanctity  of  the  Lord's  day.  I  was  necessary,  theretre,  in  crier  to  gain  the  point  at  which  they  were  aiming,  that  they  should  endeavour-to  awaken  themselves  to  a  sense  of  responsibility,  and  shake  off  the  fearful  apathy  which  had  so  long  rested  upon  the  church.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  must  nd  they  had  well  begun.  (Cheers.)  Let  them  awaken,  reflect  upon  what  took  plac:,  th  - STYLE=superscript  E;  previ  Sabbath  before.  Let  them  think  of  a  x  . STYLE=superscript  of  Chris  f  all  denomi  a  clear  exposition  of  ctity  of-the  day,  nature  of  its  ob  'vanCe.  Simultaneous)  , STYLE=superscript  144  se;  mons  were  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  This  preached  on  that  subje(  was  without  parallel  in  the  hi;tory  of  the  Christian  Church  ;  and  it  was  well  followed  up  by  that  most  noble  and  glo glorious  rious glorious  assembly  by  which  they  were  surrounded  here  to  -  day  —an  assembly  composed  of  men  of  one  heart  and  mind—men  who  had  taken  up  that  question  never  to  let  it  drop  until  they  had  carried  the  day.  (Cheers.)  He  urged  them  not,  however,  to  forget  had  to  contend  with,  and  that  whatever  money  wf,  th  could  of  who  opposed  the  C  1;  church  but  mark,  learn,  and  inwardly  digest,  they  should  be  able  to  sustain  their  part  in  the  great  controversy  without  fear,  and  with  a  full  confidence  in  the  strength  of  their  prin principles,  ciples, principles,  and  the  justice  of  their  cause.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  would  not  venture  to  say,  as  had  been  sometimes  said,  agitate,  agitate,  he  should  rather  sav,  think,  read,  deliberate,  converse,  practice,  live,  and  let  the  impres impression  sion impression  of  your  spirit,  and  your  conduct,  be  such  as  to  mike  your  enemies  tremble,  because  of  the  moral  calmness  and  high  principles  with  which  you  enter  this  great  (Cheers.)  They  had  been  frequently  twitted,  in  reference  to  this  question,  with  the  assertion  that  it  was  a  mere  ministers  question,  a  question  of  the  clergy.  He  rejoiced  to  think  that  the  clergy  were  engaged  in  it.  He  should  not  be  a  true  and  faithful  watchman  for  Christ  if  he  had  not  come  for.  ward,  or  at  least  been  willing  to  Come  forward,  and  take  his  own  share  in  whatever  odium  might  attach  to  that  question.  But  it  was  not  a  question  for  ministers  only—it  was  a  ques•  tion  for  all—for  all  Sunday-school  teachers,and  all  their  tract  distributors—for  all  those  scripture  readers  and  all  their  town  missionaries—for  all  christlan  parents,  and  all  who  loved  a  social  order,  who  delighted  in  Christian  worship,  who  longed  for  opportun'Aics  of  more  extensive  usefulness,  who  stood  by  protestant  christianity,  and  who  longed  to  see  the  word'of  God  firmly  established  in  the  land.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  They  maintained  their  Sabbath,  and  by  the  grace  of  God  they  would  do  so.  (Cheers.)  Oh  !  that  there  might  be  such  a  collection  made  thet  morning  as  would  furnish  an  opportunity  for  th  ther  fullowing  up  of  the  great  efl  engaged,  of  a  Sabbath  press  in  Liverpool,—  ~lhhrnent  Lich  they  Aver(  might  delup.  the  rest  of  the  kingdom  with  t.!lt  (Hear,  heir  )  He  best  tracts  upon  t  cafe?  apin  the  rich  ma  .o  withhold  his  p  at  he  neC  ne:?(Ito  call  upon  - STYLE=superscript  the"
