text
"MURDER  OF  A  WIFE.  BATH  Jan.  21—Great  excitement  has  been  created  in  this  city  by  the  perpetration  of  a  murder  of  a  very  ing  character.  Between  twelve  and  one  on  Saturday  night,  a  woman  named  Elizabeth  Howell,  living  in  Avon Avonstreet,  street, Avonstreet,  was  brutally  kicked  in  the  abdomen  by  her  hus husband,  band, husband,  and  bled  to  death  in  about  twenty  minutes.  What  renders  the  case  more  shocking  is  that  the  unfortunate  woman  is  very  near  her  confinement,  and  the  life  of  the  child  as  well  as  her  own  has  consequently  been  sacrificed.  The  prisoner,  Jas.  Howell,  who  is  about  30  years  of  age,  is  a  costermonger.  His  wife  also  carried  abaut,,turnip  greens,  &amp;c.  and  was  about  the  same  age  as  her  husband,  by  whom  she  was  so  brutally  murdered.  Four  ,children  have  been  the  fruit  of  their  marriage,  but  they  are  all  dead.  The  principal  witnesses  examined  were  a  labourer  named  John  Brown  and  his  wife,  who  occupied  two  rooms  on  the  garret  floor,  adjoining  prisoner's  bedroom.  From  their  evidence  it  appeared  that  about  half-past  eleven  o'clock  on  Saturday  night  they  heard  the  prisoner  enter  his  room,  uttering  angry  exclamations  and  threatening  again  and  again  that  he  would  kill  her.  About  ten  minutes  afterwards  the  prisoner's;  wife  came  up  stairs,  and  when  outside  the  door  .  she  said,  Are  you  in  Jim  He  answered,  Yes,  1  am,  you  where  have  you  been  all:  His  wife  said,  was  looking  for  you,  but;  could  not  fine  The  prisoner  then  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  come  out  on  the  landing  to  push  her  imto  the  room.  He  then  pushed  her  into  the  room,  and  the  sound  of  two  blows  was  then  heard.  After  the  blows  something  fell  heavily,  and  the  prisoner's  wife  cried  out  and  said,  Jim,  you  have  killed  your  child.  and  you  have  killed  She  then  said  Jim,  look  about  and  see  what  you  have  After  she  said  that  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  ran  down  stairs  as  hard  as  he  could.  Brown  and  his  wife,  entering  deceased's  room,  found  her  lying  on  the  floor,  which  was  covered  with  blood.  She  said,  has  killed  and  died  in  a  short  time.  Her  body  was  com completely  pletely completely  blanched,  as  was  also  that  of  the  infant,  whose  life  it"
