text
"THE  WAR.  FRANCE.  A  private  letter  received  at  Paris  from  Vienna,  states  positively  that  the  acceptance  or  rejection  by  Russia  of  the  Austrian  propositions  depends  a  great  deal,  if  not  entirely,  on  Prussia.  This  coincides  with  all  that  is  said  here  in  quarters  entitled  to  respect,  and  it  is  the  knowledge  of  this  fact  which  raises  or  depresses  the  expectations  of  the  public,  according  to  the  nature  of  the  news  from  Berlin.  The  instructions  of  the  Prussian  Minister  at  St.  Petersburg  were  to  give  the  most  concilitary  counsels  to  M.  de  Nesselrode  ;  and  it  is  moreover  affirmed  that  the  King  of  Prussia  has  addressed  an  autograph  letter  very  lately  to  the  Emperor  Alexander  to  the  same  effect.  The  39th  and  50th  Regiments  of  the  Line,  which  had  not  arrived  in  Paris  on  the  29th  ult.,  the  day  of  the  solemn  entry  of  the  troops  returning  from  the  Crimea,  entered  on  Wednesday,  accompanied  by  a  battalion  of  the  Voltigeurs  of  the  Imperial  Guard.  General  Niel  met  the  troops  on  the  Place  de  la  Bastille,  and  at  eleven  o'clock  the  column  commenced  its  march,  following  the  Boulevards  as  far  as  the  me  de  la  Paix.  They  then  traversed  this  last  street,  the  Place  Vendome,  the  rues  Cas Castiglione  tiglione Castiglione  and  Rivoli,  to  the  Carousel,  the  inner  part  of  which  they  entered,  passing  under  the  tri triumphal  umphal triumphal  arch.  They  then  drew  up  en  bataille,  and  shortly  afterwards  the  Emperor,  accompanied  by  Marshals  Vaillant  and  Magnan,  and  his  entire  military  household,  rode  through  their  ranks.  The  Empress,  with  her  ladies  of  honour,  stood  on  the  balcony  of  the  Pavilion  de  l'Horloge,  which  had  been  adorned  for  the  occasion  with  velvet  hangings.  After  the  preview,  the  Emperor  took  his  station  under  that  balcony,  when  the  troops  defiled  before  their  Majesties,  saluting  them  as  they  marched  by  With  enthusiastic  cries  of  Vivi  l'Empereur  !  and  Vive  Imperatrice  !  '  Many  of  the  houses  and  all  the  theatres  along  the  passage  of  the  troops  were  decorated  with  English,  French,  Sardinian,  and  Turkish  flags.  The  Emperor  has  decided  that  troops  which  have  returned  from  the  Crimea  shall  be  allowed  seats  at  a  certain  number  of  representations  at  the  grand  opera.  The  first  of  these  performances  will  take  place  on  Saturday  next,  when  Jovita  will  be  given,  with  the  overture  to  the  111  aette,  and  a  cantata  sung  by  Gueymard.  The  non  commissioned  officers  and  soldiers  are  to  be  seated  in  the  pit  and  the  amphitheatre  stalls,  whilst  the  orchestra  stalls  will  be  reserved  for  the  officers.  The  announced  soiree  at  the  Tuileries  on  Monday  (says  a  letter  from  Paris)  was,  after  all,  a  grand  ball.  Some  5,000  people  were  present.  All  the  recently  returned  Crimean  generals  were  very  conspicuous  at  this  fete  General  Canrobert,  Mellinet,  Bosquet,  and  Blanchard  appeared  in  their  full  marching  uniform.  The  emperor  gave  his  arm  to  General  Bosquet,  and  walked  up  and  down  with  him  a  long  time.  lam  to  told  that  his  Majesty  said,  General.  you  must  get  quite  well  as  soon  as  possible,  for  I  want  to  fight  side  by  side  with  you  in  the  next  No  doubt  seems  to  be  entertained  that  the  Emperor  means  in  the  spring  to  indemnify  himself  for  the  dis disappointment  appointment disappointment  wdich  he  expressed  in  his  speech  on  the  Place  de  la  Bastile  at  not  having  been  able  to  command  an  army  in  person.  But  :  whether  his  Mjesty  means  to  go  to  the  north  or  to  the  Crimea  is  still  a:question  which  is  dis discussed.  cussed. discussed."
