text
"secutii  Lwith  st  ing  two  dresses  from  the  shop  which  sho-entered  on•pretence  ofim  .  yincr  a  quantity,  of  black  lace  and  gimp.  •  •  Ion;  AYedlOck;  Tisoner,  on  this  occasion;  •:succeeded  in  In  the  next  cese,  the  prisoner  was  charged  with  haying,  on  the  iVeyious'Saturday,  under  similar  circumstances  to  those  in  the.  foregoing  cases,  obtain  e  d  f  rom  th  e  s  h  o  p  o  f  M  r  .  Han-  Thc  mittca  t  icr,  who  said  noihinl  iii  her  defenCe,  was  colt  k.e  her  trial  at  the  ensiling  TIOXA  CURATES  0C.17471  y,  the  annual  meeting  of  the  Liverpool  Auxiliary  Branch  of  the  Society  for,  the  employment  . STYLE=superscript  of  Curales  in  populous  places,  was  held  in  the  Savings'.  Bank,  Bold-street..  The  Lord  Bishop  of  CHESTER  -  presided.  The  meeting  having  been  opened  .with  prayer,  •  The  CHAIRMAN  briefly  apologised  for  the  temporary  absence  of-the  venerable  Archd  e  a  con  B  roo  k  s  ,  .  an  d  then  said  the  proper  course  was  for  the  Secretary  to  read.  the  report  for  the'  ast  year:  Since  they  had  last  met,  they  lead  received  a  munificent  offer  from  Mr.  Naylor,  to  furnish  them  a  stipend  for  two  - STYLE=superscript  additional  curates,  challenging,  as  a  condi condition;  tion; condition;  the  gentlemen  of  Liverpool,  and  the  •  friend's  •  of  the  Cluirch,  to  raise  an  equal  sum  to  that  which  given,  in  ordor  to  supply  two  more  additional  curates.  That  challenge  had  been  properly  and  handsomely  - STYLE=superscript  answered,  and  the  four  'curates  were  now  usefully  at  work:  Vie  Rev.  Rector  CAMPBELL  :  .  ' STYLE=superscript  Not  exactly,  three  only  are  appointed.  The  CirAmax  :  Three  were,  at  work,  but,  in  a  few  - STYLE=superscript  Weeks,  they  would  have  the  Pleasure  of  seeing  the  fourth  at  Wor)i  iii  the  same  district.  One  goOd  work  .  helped  another  of  the.  same  description.'  He  had  great  pleasure  in  hearing  since  he  came  there,  and  he  hoped  he  was  not-premature  in  announcing  it,  that  not  only  w  ere  th  e  y  ge  tti  ng  a  dditi  ona  l  Curates..  to  .do  the  work,  but  he  hoped  there  was  a  prospect  of  getting  what  they  still  wanted—additional  churches  ;  andnr  one  instance,  in  the  north-west  portion  of  the  town,  whop()  churell  was  greatly  wanted,  he  was  happy  and  gratefuLto.say  that  Mr.  John  Shaw  Leigh  had.most  muni munificently  ficently munificently  promised  to  give  a  site  of  land  of  great  pecuniary  value,  for  to  have.  erected  thereon  a  new..chursh,  if  the  people,  would  but  respond  by  building  it.:  (Hear,  hear.)  They  were  aware  of  the  price  of  land  iii  Liverpool,.  where  it  was  not-valued  by  acres  but  by  yards,  and  kOW  much  it  was  worth  ;  and  they  could  well  understand_  the  value  of  the  gift  which  Mr.  Leigh  had  expressed  his  intention,  of  making,  if  they  eould  but  get  the  money  to  erect  the  church.  The  Rev.  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Tommx,  As;'istant  Secretary,  •  then  read  the  report:—  The  income  from  this  diocese,  for  the  society's  general  pur purposes,  poses, purposes,  has  risen  from  £6OO  to  £7OO  per  annum  ;•  , STYLE=superscript  but  the  .per .permanent  manent .permanent  increase  may  be  estimated  at  about  £2OO  per  annum,  'mouse  the  donations  from  patrons,  amounting  to  £lOO  of  the  former.sum  have  been  replaced  by  annual  subscriptions.  The  fund  of  £4OO  a  year,  restricted  under  Rule  VI  to  the  employ.  ment  of  four  additional  curates  in  Liverpool,:  has  been  accom accomplished,.  plished,. accomplished,.  and  your  committee  beg  leave  to  express  most  sincere  gratitude  to  the  clergy  and  the  merchants  of  Liverpool,  for  the  kind  and  generOus  support  which  has  been  given  to  this  impor important  tant important  work.  Twenty-four  curates  in  this  diocese  may  now  be  considered  on  the  society's  lists  ;  and  for  twenty  of  these  the  society  is  responsible  for  £1,155  per  annum;  only  £7OO  being  supplied  by  the  diocesan  association.  It  must  be  remembered,  therefore,  that  the  operations  of  the  society,  during  the  year,  have  led  to  an  increased  voluntary  expenditure  in  the  cause  of  Christ,  of  £6OO  per  annum,  and  that  the  diocese  is  yet  beholden  to  it  for  the  gift  of  £455  per  annum.  Last  year  the  statement  of  the  incumbent  of  St.  Barnabas,  -Liverpool,  'was  circulated,  and  his  account  of  the  first  year's  progress  of  an  additional  curate  will  be  distributed.  The  re removal  moval removal  of  the  incumbent  has  occasioned  regrett  to  the  committee,  but  they  have  reason  to  rejoice  that  the  wants  of  his  new  charge  at  Kirkdale  have  been  made  known  in  consequence  of  the  change;  and  they  trust  that  under  other  auspices  the  exertions  of.  the  curate  will  continue  to  be  a  blessing  to-  the  locality.  It  will  further  prove  the  necessities  of  our  large  towns  to  state  that  in  the  assignment  of  curates  the  conmittee  were  compelled  to  pass  by,  for  the  present,  the  claims  of  Kirkdale,  as  well  as  those  of  a  district  containing  14,000  people,.  chiefly  members  of  the  church  of  England,  and  all  under  the  care  of  one  clergyman.  •  The  second  curate  received  his  nomination  to  St.  Nicholas  Church,  with  .  cure  of  souls  in  Trinity  district,  until  a  better  arrangement  can  be  made.  Hitherto  his  duties  have  been  chiefly  limited  to  visitation  of  the  district.  He  finds  a  large  population  of  nearly  7000  people  willing  to  attend  his  public  ministrations,  but  lie  bas  no  place  of  worship  in  which  to  assemble  them,  for  Trinity  Church  is  not  available  for  his  purpose,  the  pews  being  in  . STYLE=superscript  the  possession  of  various  owners  who  are  entitled  to  pew  rents,  as  theyarethemselves  responsible  to  the  minister  of  the  church  for  .certain  ground-rents,  from  which  his  salary.  is  derived  ;  and  many  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  district  have-not  the  ability,  if  they  had  the  will,  to  pay  for  sittings;  hence'  the  exertions  of  , STYLE=superscript  the  curate  are  greatly  impeded.  The  third  curate  has  been  nominated  by  the  archdeacon  to  St.  Peter's  Church,  with  cure  of  souls  in  the  •district  contagous  to  Trinity'  district,  and  known  as  the  second  St.  Peter's  district.  It  is  bounded  by  -Moss-street,  London-road,  Norton  -street,  and  Islington,  and  contains  nearly  6000  people.  A  similar  dfficulty  will  have  to  be  encountered,  arising  from  the  want  of  a  place  of  worship  situated  in  the  district,  the  distance  t  o  St.  Perer's  Church  being  considered  a  reason  for  the.  neglect.  of  public  worship.  are  no  schools  in  either  of  these  districts  ;  many  of  the  children  who  attend  school  go  to  dissenting  schools,  and  many  do  not  attend  school  at  all.  may  surely  hope  for  some  effort  ort.  - STYLE=superscript  the  part  of  the  13,000  inhabitants  of  these  two  adjacent  to  supply  thetnselves  with  a  church  and  s  c  h  oo  l  s  as  soon  as  the  ministra ministrations  tions ministrations  of  the  curates  have  led  them  to  feel  their  spiritual  needs.  Unavoidable  delays  have  hindered  the  assignment  of  the  fourth  curate,  but  he  will  shortly  be  phiced'in  a  district  con containing  taining containing  not  less  than  10,000  souls.  is  the  intention  of  the  committee,  with  the  sanction  of  the  bishop,  to  open  licensed  rooms  divine  service,  unless  some  better  plan  can  be  devised.  It  is  impossible  to  estimate  the  ,blessings  which  may  result  from  this  work  s  for  its  great  im-  •  portance  is  only  now  beginning  to  be  The.  Rev.  Rector  CAMPBELL  moved  that'  the  report  read,  be  adopted,  printed,  and  circulated.  He  thought  he  need  not  use  many  words  to  recommend  the  resolution  to  the  favour  of  the  Meeting,  because  the  rep  t'  was  well  drawn  up,  and  expressed  all  they  w  i  s  h  e  d  on  the  Present  occasion.  Neither  need  he  exert  himself  to  recommend  the  Society  to  the  favour  of  the  present  meeting  ;  but  for  some-  reason  which  he  •  must  confess  for  the  life  of  him,  he,  could  not  comprehend,  there  appeared  to  be  an  impression  on  the  minds  of  some  individuals,  for  whom  he  had  the.  greatest  possible  respect,  that  this  was  what  wascalleda  party  society.  He  (Mr.  Campbell)  could  not  really  understand  how  it  could  be  a  party  society,  presided  over  by  all  the  bishops  of  the  church,  patronised.  by  them,  and  recommended  to  them  by  their  diocesan.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  could  not  understand  what  the  term  meant  ;  neither  could  he  understand  how  the  society,  , STYLE=superscript  by  its  constitution,  could  possibly  be  a  party  society:  It  did  not  interfere  with  the  appointment  the  clergy;  it  did  not  appoint  the  officiating  clergy  itself;  it  left  it  to  the  incumbents.  An  'incumbent  with  5,000,  10,000,  15,000,  and  sometimes  20,000  of  a  population,  pressed,  as  he  must  necessarily  be,  by  the  difficulties  - STYLE=superscript  of  his  situation,  applied  to  the  society.  If  the  society  had  the  means,  they  promised  him  a  grant,  and  they  left  him  the  selection  of  the  clergy clergyman,  man, clergyman,  without  reference  to  party  at  all.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  he  (Mr.  Campbell)  did  not  know  an  instance  - STYLE=superscript  where  there  was  any  undue  bias  which  induced  the  Parent  committee  either  to  object  to  any  person  who  wns  recommended,  or  to  force  any  clergymen,  holding  peculiar  opinions  on  incum incumbents.  bents. incumbents.  He  could  not  imagine  what  room  there  could  be  for  peculiar  opinions.  They  wanted  men  to  preach  the  word  of  God,  to  go  amongst  the  poor,  to  visit  the  poor,  to  spend  themselves  and  be  spent  in  the  se  rv  i  ce  o  f  th  e  i  r  L  or  d  J  esus  I  •  le  did  not  know  what  .loom  there  was  for  such  controversy,  on  such  matters,  and  he  verily  believed  the  society  was  as  completely  free  from  imputation  or  -suspicion  of  the  kind,  as  any  society  could  possibly  be.  It  was  hardly  necessary  tO.dwell  on  this  point  at  any  greater  length,  but  it  might  be  expedient  to  attempt  to  remove  such  an  impression  from  the  minds  of  respectable  individuals,  and  to  request  them  to  examine  into  the  -  workings  of  the  society,  to  :point  out  any  case  of  party  spirit  which  it  had  evidenced,  to  represent  the  case  to  the  committee  in  London,  and  to  the  bishops,  and  he  (Mr.  Campbell)  had  not  the  least  doubt  but  it  would  be  very  speedily  righted,  and  all  imputations  •of  party  spirit  disavowed.  (Hear,  hear).  There  was  one  subject  more  to  which  he  wished  to  call  the  attention  of  the  Lord  Bishop  anti  of  the  meeting.,  it  was  to  the  exertions  of  the  Bev.  Mr.  Tomlin,  they  were  principally  indebted  for  the  prosperity  of  the  Liverpool  and  diocesian  branches  of  the  society.  Mr.  Tomlin  had  worked  day  and  night  in  the  service,  and  to  him  was  owing  in  a  great  measure  that  £4OO  a  year,  which  they  had  obtained  for  the  parish  of  Liverpool.  For  this  statement  he  (Mr.  Campbell,)  had  the  testimony  of  Mr.  Charles  Grove,  one  of  tbeir  most  persevering  labourers,  who  had  told  him  were  it.not  for  Mr.  Tomlin,  the  funds  would  not  be  raised,  and  that  the  greatest  possible  credit  was  due  to  him.  (Hear,  hear).  As  regarded  any  party  spirit  in  the  town  of  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  he  (Mr:  Campbell,)  had  a  great  deal  . STYLE=superscript  to  do  with  the  selection  of  the  three  clergymen  who  had  been  appointed,  and  he  should  have  something  to  do  with  the  fou  r  th,  an  d  h  e  wanted  to  get  a  man  (althoug  it  was  difficult  to  work  in  such  a  place  as  this,  for  the  miserable  remuneration  of  .ElOO  a  year,)  with  a  disposition  to  do  nothing  but  his  duty  to  GO  and  man.  .Mr,  -Anthony  SWAINSON  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  unanimously  agreed  to.  ITU  Rev:  Kir.  DOVER  proposed  the  second  resolution,  urging  the  necessity  of  more  extended  support  being  given  to.  the  society.  Immediately  after  the  last  census  was  taken  (observed  the  Revd.  gentleman,  an  account  of  the  number  of  inhabitants  in  the  St.  Barnabas  district  was  given  at  the  Census  office  he  found  there  were  n  o  l  es&amp;  th  an  16  ,000  per persons  sons persons  in  the  district  in  which  himself  and  a  single  Curate  were  at  work.  He  immediately  applied  to  - STYLE=superscript  the  local  associ association  ation association  for  additional  help,  and  shortly  after  Mr.  Naylor's  liberal  offer  was  made  to  the  Society,  and  the  consequence  was  that  a  young  gentleman  was  appointed  'to  a  sub-district,.  conta*ng  4,000  or  5,090  inhabitants.  He  had  gnce,been  laboaritig  therawith  great  earnestness  and.zeal,  and  it  .would  be  an  encouragement  to  those  who  subscribed  'to  the  funds  to  know  that  his  visits  had  been  received  with  very  great  kindness  by  the  inhabitants,  and  a  very  serious  impression  the  work  of  the  church,  .was_to  supply  additional  cleig  clergymen  were  si  under  their  labours  in  consequence  of  the  burthens  impu,  on  them.  If  gentlemen  would  hitt  ge  with  them  into  th  dens  and  polluted  places  in  Liverpool,  the  - STYLE=superscript  y  would  require  m  -ument  to  show  the  necessity  of  supporting  this  soCi soCi,ymen  ,ymen soCi,ymen  to  labour  amongst  a  popuation  increasing  in  ignorance  and  vice,  because  they  wanted  addi additional  tional additional  shepherds  to  watch  over  them  and  bring  them  back  to  the  fold  of  Christ.  •  •  .  The  Rev.  Mr.  Tom  seconded  the  resolution  which  was  agreed  to.  The  Venerable  Archdeacon  BROOKS,  who  had  entered  the  meeting  a  short  time  previously,  .proposed  the  next  resolu resolution.  tion. resolution.  He  said,  My  Lord  and  gentlemen,  the  resolution  put  into  my  hand  is  That  the  Committee  would  again  earnestly  solicit  the  attention  of  their  friends  to  the  need  of  the  district  Clergy,  with  a  view  to  the  formation  of  a  branch  of  the  endowment  fund  Of  the  —As  far  as  I  under understand.  stand. understand.  ..  this  resolution,  it  is  a  proposal  to  establish  in  the  town  of  Liverpool,  founded-  by  subscription  or  donation,  for  the  purpose  of  endowing,  or  rather  adding  to  the  endowments  of  those  of  our  district  churches,  which  are  now  inade inadequately  quately inadequately  supplied.  As  lam  addressing  gentlemen  Who  are  principally  resident  in  the  town  of  Liverpool  ;  and  know  the  circunstances  attending  it,  I  need  hardly  sgy  to  them,  that  several  of  our  churches;  like  those  i  n  o  th  e  r  p  a  rt  s;  o  f  this,  and  the  neighbouring  diocese,  and  in  the  manufacturing  dis=  tricts,  are  exceedingly  inadeqnately  provided  for.  I  say,  we  arc  even  worse,  generally  speaking,  than  they  are  in  the  manufacturing  districts;  for  many  of  the  churches  there,  have  been  built  under  the  act  of  parliament,  which  enabled  the  'commissioners  to  increase  the  endowment  to  £l5O  per  year.  Now,  of  course;  the  'expense  attendant  on  the  living  of  a  clergyman  in  the  ;town  of  Liverpool,  and  the  constant  calls  upon  his  purse,  which  he  is  obliged  to  answer  to  a  cer  tarn  degree,—to  answer  so  far  as  his  means  extend,—not  only  obliged,  but  which  I  may  generally  say,  he  has  the  pleasure  of  doing.  Yet  still,  .unless  he  has  the  means,  he  cannot  exert  himself  beneficially  for  the  wants  of  the  poor,  who  are  immediately  under  his  care,  and  no  doubt,  you  will  think  it  is  a  matter  of  great  regret,  when  a  clergyman  is  obliged  to  visit  in  the  neighbourhood  Of  his  own  .  populous  district,  ind  that  he  finds  eases  of  great  want,  of  great  necessity,  of  great  poverty.  of  great  distress  which-  he  has  nu  even  of  assisting.  But  even  independent  of  this  ;  gentlemen,  the  pittance  with  which  many  of  the  district  churches  in  Liver  , STYLE=superscript  pool  are  provided  is  literally  not  sufficient  to  maintain  the  mere  individual  himself;  independently  of  anything  lie  can  do  for  others.  (Hear,  hear.)  - STYLE=superscript  I  know  there  was  an  attempt  made,  a  short  time  ago'  to  establish  an  endowment  f  un  d  i  n  the  Toxteth-park  end'  of  Liverpool,  and  the  Rev.  Mr.  Hampton  took  a  great  interest  and  exerted  himself  very  much.  It  did  not  succeed.  I  am  sorry  it  did  not.  There  is  a  feeling  which  has  certainly  au  operation  in  pre preventing  venting preventing  such  a  fund  as  an  endowment  fund  being  established,  and  that  is,  that  the  nominations  to  the  churches  belong  to  individuals,'in  many  cases.  There  was  an  act  of  parliament  which,  I  think,  was  a  very  unwise  one;  however,  it  was  passed  into  law,  and  it  arose  from  an  unfortm  jealousy,  and  from  a  want,  I  will  say,  of  moral  courag  the  part  of  the  ministry  of  the  day.  The  churches—many  of  them—in  Liverpool,  and  also  in  other  places,  where  corporations  were  established,  were  in  the  gift  of  the  cor corporate  porate corporate  bodies,  when  the  act  passed,  which  did  away  with  the  test  act,  and  was  followed  by  •  the  reform  bill,  which  admitted  persons  of.  all  denominations  into  the  bodies  corporate.  They  said,  What  are  we  to  do  with  the  churches,  because  now  the  corporate  bodies  do  not  consist  of  gentlemen  of  the  Church  of  England,  but  of  gentlemen  of  all  sects  and  parties  ?  How,  then,  are  we  to  do  ?  it  be  right  or  proper  that  persons  who  do  not  belong  to  the  Church  of  England,  who  belong  to  other  sects,  should  have  the  presentation  to  those  churches  which  are  churches  in  the  establishment  •  The  arguments  pro  and  con  were  gone  into,  and  they  found  there  was  more  difficulty  in  the  question  than  perhaps  had  been  at  first  imagined,  when,  accidently,  one  gentleman  of  some  influence  in  the  House  of  Commons,  got  up  and  said,  Let  them  sell  Well,  this  plan  'was  adopted.  The  corporate  bodies  were  compelled  to  •sell  their  church  preferments  within  a  given  space  of  time,  and  if  they  had  not  sold  them  within  the  prescribed  period,  they  were  no  longer  to  present,  but  the  presentation  was  to  go  to  Bishop.  If  the  act  had  said  will  not  wait  until  they  sell  them,  we  will  buy  them  from  them,  and  then  they  shall  go  to  the  Bishop  of  the  it  would  have  been  all  very  well.  I  should  be  glad  to  know  who  could  be  better  able  to  judge  of  the  talents,  qualifications,  and  ability  of  his  clergy,  and  who  were  the  most  fit  to  fill  those  livings,  when  vacant,  than  the  gentleman  who  presides  over  the  whole  diocese;  and  to  whom  the  circumstances  of  the  whole  diocese,  from  his  position,  must  be  well  known.  This,  however,  was  not  done.  •  The  determination  was  otherwise,  and  the  Churches  have  gone  into  the  hands  of  private  individuals.  These  •  are  two  or  three  bad  conse consequences.  quences. consequences.  In  the  first  place,  by  those  churches  being  in  the  hands  of  a  public  body,  the  clergy  who  came  here,  and  who  were  induced  to  come  here,  and  settle  in  this  great  and  populous  town,  and  :to  *employ  themselves  in  the  laborious  office  to  which  they  were.  called.  When  the  churches  were  in  the  hands  of  a  public  body,  and  there  was  an  oppor opportunity  tunity opportunity  of  promotion;  like  all  the  rest  of  the  world,  we,  of  the  church,  felt  it  necessary,  sometimes,  to  wish  we  were  better  off  than  we  really  were,  and  therefore,  like  others.  looked  forward  for  promotion  in  our  own  course,  in  our  own  profession,  and  this  encouragement  was  taken  away.  It  was  no  longer  a  public  body  that  had  the  power  of  raising  a  gentleman.  lam  one  of  those  who  came  into  the  town  as  a  curate.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  the  first  place  I  went  to  after  coming  here,  was  to  St.  ;Tames'  Church,  and  I  worked  as  a  curate  in  the  town  of  Liverpool  for  a  considerable  number  of  years,  and,  like  all  the  rest,  I  felt  a  want— want'the  'the want'the  Rev.  Rector  CAMPBELL  :  How  much  for  ?  The  Venerable  Archdeacon  BROOKS  :  I  shall  surprise  you  when  I  tell  you  for  the  'first  15  or  16  years,  I  worked  for  £lOO  a  year.  Well,  gentlemen,  what  kept  me  in  Liverpool  ?  I  will  not  say  it  was  the  pure  love  of  performing  the  duties  attendant  on  my  ministerial  prOfession  :  I  cannot  take  to  myself  what  is  not  true...  If  any  man  offered  me  a  living  of  £lOOO  a  year,  I  would.  leave  my  curacy  of  £lOO  a  year,  (hear,  hear,)  and  I  suppose  each  of  you  would  do  the  same.  I  was  induced  to  remain  in  Liverpool,  because-  I  was  born  here,  I  was  fond  of  the  place,  I  was  known  in  the  place,  I  was  attached  to  it.  Preferment  lying  in  a  public  body,  I  succeeded  in  getting  from  a  curacy  to  a  lectureship,  then  to  a  chaplaincy  in  St.  George's  Church,  and  lastly  to  the  Archdeaconry  of  Liverpool,  and  here  I  am  in  this  situation  now.  But  this  is  taken  away  ;  there  is  no  prospect  of  this  promotion  ;  and  a  curate  may  come  to  £lOO  a  year  now,  and  stay  there  if  he  cannot  get  more  any  where  else.  The  presentation  to  the  churches,  now  lies  with  individuals,  and  how  is  it  One  gentleman,  an  intimate  friend  of  mine,  Mr.  Lawrence,  of  Mosley-hill,  who  is  now  unfortunately,  for  his  friends,  removed  from  this  scene  of  probation,—he  bought  one  of  those  churches,  in  which  he  placed  his  own  son  ;  other  gentlemen  also  bought  others  for  their  friends,  so  in  point  of  fact,  that  prospect  which  had  been  presented  him,  and  which  was  a  fair  induce inducement  ment inducement  in  every  particular  for  a  man  to  perform  his  duty  and  to  remain  here,  is  absolutely  taken  away.  This  I  say,  is  one  of  the  evils  which  is  consequent  upon  this  un unfortunate  fortunate unfortunate  determination  in  the  British  House  of  Commons.  Then  another,  equally  so;  is  that  it  has  taken  a  great  deal  of  the  interest  away,  and_  particularly  in  a  question  of  endow endowment.  ment. endowment.  For  gentlemen  will  say,  Why  subscribe  to  an  endowment  for  a  living  which  is  in  the  -gift  of  Mr.  A  or  Mr.  B  ?  lam  not  subscribing  so  much  for  the  clergy  ;  I  am  improving  his  property.  He  will  not  give  it  when  it  falls  to  the  fittest  man  ;  he  will  give  it  to  the  man  in  whom  he  feels  the  greatest  interest;  and,  therefore,  I  do  not  feel  inclined  to  subscribe  'to  an'  endowment  That  has  been  a  reason  which  has  been  given  and  presented  for  con consideration,  sideration, consideration,  when  that  fund  was  thought  of,  for  the  money  not  being  produced  as  we  expected.  Ido  not  mean  to  say,  my  Lord,  this  is  a  right  mode  of  thinking,  by  any  means.  We  ought  all  to  be  above  such  a-mode  of  thought,  and  we  ought,  without  considering  whether  A,  B,  or  C  has  the  no nomination  mination nomination  to  the  living—we  ought  to  consider  whether  the  means  provided  for  the  clergyman  of  that  church,  come  from  where  they  may,  and  be  in  whose  hands  they  may;  are  suffi sufficient  cient sufficient  for  that  gentleman's  common  maintamance,  and  for  enabling  him  to  perform  the  important  duties  which  devolve  upon  him  as  a  minister  of  the  church  in  such  a  populous  place  as  this,  and  if  we  find  that  they  are  not,  we  ought  to  throw  away  all  other  considerations,.  and  endeavour,  accord according  ing according  to  our-abilities  and  the  means  we  have,  to  make  them  so.  Therefore,  on  this  broad  principle,  without  at  all  looking  at  the  narrow  circumstances  and  narrower  feeling,  I  am  one  of  those  who  am  exceedingly  anxious  there  should  be  an  endow endowment  ment endowment  fund  in  the  town  of  Liverpool  to  increase  the  salaries  of  the  churches.  I  think-this  may  be  done  here  in  a  manner  - STYLE=superscript  which  would  be  at  a  less  cost  than  it  would  at  other  places,  and  yet  most  beneficially  to  both  the  clergy  themselves,  and  to  the  inhabitants  of  the  town.  We  have  some  fifty  churches  in  the  town  of  Liverpool,  and  to  one  of  them  there  is  not  attached  a  house  of  residence.  There  is  not  even  a  house  of  residence  for  the  rectors.  Not  one.  The  rectors  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  get  choused  out  of  everything  that  belonged  to  them.  The  original'endownient  to  the  parish  of  Liverpool  when  separated  from  Walton,  would  be  sufficient  to  pay  both  the  rectors  and  their  curates,  and  what  was  really  the  fact  ?  That  was  given-  up,  .  was  abandoned  on  the  then  rectors  making  over'  'their  interest  and  privileges  in  this  rectory,  the  corporation  giving  them  for  it  £2OO  a-year  each.  I  have  no  hesitation  in  saying  the  provision  they  were  obliged  to  make—they  were  obliged  to  build  good  large  houses,  and  large  gardens  in  tha  neighbourhoods  of  the  then  existing  parochial  chapel  of  St.  Nicholas,  and  the  new  parish  church  of  St.  Peter's,  which  was  then  directed  to  be  built  ;  and,  if  those  had  been  in  existence  now,  where  land  is  selling  for  ten  guineas  a  yard,  look  at  what  that  would  have  brought  for  an  endowment.  We  gave  all  this  up  when  £2OO  per  year,  when  certainly  £2OO  a  year  was  considered  a  larger  sum  than  it  is  now.  Certainly,  it  was  an  unfortunate  compromise,  and  there  is  not  even  a  habita habitation  tion habitation  for  the  rectors  of  this  town  to  live  at.  They  must  find  their  own  house.  Now,  it  would  be  very  desirable,  if  residences  could  be  supplied  for  the  different  clergymen  of  the  town.  Ido  not  say  in  their  own  districts,  for  some  of  them  are  of  such  a  description  they  could  not  live  in  them  with  their  families;  but  they  may  be  so  near  that  they  may  be  within  call.  The  houses  may  be  purchased,  which  would  make  the  money  go  farther  than  the  common  mode  of  investing,  it.  Suppose  you  raise  '13,000  or  £4,000,  the  only  manner  of  investing  it  is  to  put  it  into  the  funds:  There  it  does  not  produce  more  than  3  per  cent.  I  believe  that  houses  may  be  bought,  within  a  convenient  distance  of  the  more  arg  eta•,  to  increase  clerg  fallen  very  much  wit  the  puril  f  a  the  1a  inclination  14  'herb  if  it  that  in  events  them  aone,  - STYLE=superscript  mit  only  1:  T  boo.  to  The  Rev.-I'.-STEIVART  '  as  4  if  farAtabt'if4M  •  „ye  ot  Titer  all  of  1-11410.:  t  orel4ll  the  actrolif  -How  iv,  but  at  all  ptinds  for  our  cl4ermining  on  lution,  Something  should  be  fllcl  religious  welfilre  of  his  people,  was  quite  to  religion  at  tile  feeling  that  he  was  una  vies  for  his  family,  and  relic  ich  were  sure  to  press  on  . STYLE=superscript  liim  in  a  large  and  populouS  dis disthe  the disthe  time  when  unfortunately  the  Archdeacon  ccident,  a  movement  was  made  With  re-  was  laid  up  by  his  thered  with  a  view  of  raising  a  revenue  for  the  endownie'nt  of  certain  Churches  in  distress.  He  (Mr.  Stewart)  had  not  got  those  statistics  with  him,  but  they  afforded  many  strong  cases  for  endowment,  In  that  moVement  many  L'ipuen  took  part,  Mr,  Grove,  Mr.  T.  B.  Horsfall,  Mr.  Turner,  and  others.  The  conclusion  arrived  at  was  this,  that  whilst  there  was  an  active,  practical  benevolence  still  in  Liverpeol,  its  tendency  'was  to  provide  Church  accommodation,  and  the  subject  of  endowment  was  allowed  to  drop.  The  pur purchase  chase purchase  of  houses  had  also  been  under  consideration.  The  motion  Was  then  put  and  carried.  Mr.  CARNE  moved  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  to  the  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  also  that  the  Rev.  Mr.  Tomlin,  and  he  Rev.  Mr.  Thacker,  be  appointed  members  of  that  committee.  Carried.  A  vote  of  thanks  was  given  to  the  Chairman,  and  the  proceeding  terminated"
