text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  DISPUTE  BETWEEN  THE  MASTER  SHIP SHIPBUILDERS  BUILDERS SHIPBUILDERS  OF  LIVERPOOL.  AND  THEIR  OPERATIVES.  MEETING  YESTERDAY.  Yesterday  morning,  a  meeting  of  the  Liverpool  Ship Shipbuilders'  builders' Shipbuilders'  Association  was  held  in  the  Graving  Dock  Regu Regulation  lation Regulation  Office,  Strand-street,  to  consider  a  letter  received  from  Messrs.  Joseph  M'Lean  and  Co.,  stating  that  not  being  able  to  procure  hands  to  complete  the  work  required  at  the  ship  John  in  Sandon  Dock,  at  7s.  per  day,  and  the  captain  having  engaged  a  number  of  men  at  Bs.  per  day,  Messrs.  M'Lean  and  Co.  wish  to  know  what  course  the  Association  will  recommend  them  to  pursue.  Also,  to  consi consider  der consider  a  letter  received  from  the  shipwrights'  association.  Mr.  WILSON  GREEN  occupied  the  Chair.  The  following  members  of  the  association  were  present  :  Messrs.  Paul,  J.  Evans,  Irving,  M'Lean,  Potter,  Boyd,  M'Keverigan,  W.  Wilson,  Grayson,  M'Elroy,  W.  B.  Jones,  T.  Clarke,  Dawson,  Clover,  Royle,  Smith,  Ladmore,  Cato,  W.  Pope,  J.  Pope,  Williams,  Fitzpatrick,  Legg,  Garret,  Jackson,  Richard  Evans,  Honorary  Secretary,  anll.  Cros Crosbie,  bie, Crosbie,  Assistant  Secretary.  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  opening  the  proceedings  of  the  meet meetin..,  in.., meetin..,  said  a  note  had  been  received  announcing  the  death.of  Mr.  Martin,  of  the  firm  of  Brown  and  Martin,  and  request requesting  ing requesting  that  the  colours  should  be  half  masted.  A  letter  had  also  been  received  by  Mr.  Evans,  the  honorary  secretary,  dated  the  24th  of  October,  1853,  from  Messrs.  M'Lean,  and  Co.  It  was  as  follows  Dear  Sir,—We  beg  to  intimate  that  in  consequence  of  not  being  able  to  obtain  carpenters  at  7s.  per  day,  to  do  the  work  required  to  the  ship  John  Howell,  in  the  Sandon  graving  dock,  and  the  captain  hav having  ing having  engaged  some  hands  at  3s.  per  day,  we  request-you  to  call  a  meeting  to-morrow  morning,  so  that  we—may  know  what  course  to  pursue.  We  are,  Dear  Sir,  yours  respect respectfully,  fully, respectfully,  11PLEAN  and  Co.  That  was  in  some  degree  the  object  of  the  meeting  this  morning.  Mr.  W.  B.  JONES  :  Is  it  true  that  M'Lean  and  Co.  are  giving  Bs.  per  day  ?  --  -  -  -  The  CILZIRMAN  :  There  is  the  note  which  I  have  just  read  explaining  it.  It  seems  it  is  not  M'Lean  who  is  giving  it,  but  the  owners  of  the  ship,  or  the  captain  rather.  Mr.  JONES  :  Then  it  is  the  owners  are  doing  it.  I  under underbLLlll  bLLlll underbLLlll  ML.  C4W  1b  albl,  r  a  y  in  g  613.  Mr.  CATO  said  he  would  n)t  give  them  Bs.  a  day,  and  they  went  about  their  business.  Mr.  JONES  said  he  could  not  get  men  to  do  his  work.  Mr.  3FELROY  had  a  ship  just  astern  of  Mr.  M'Lean,  that  had  not  half  enough  of  men.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  Mr.  Cato,  are  you  carting  men  down  to  the  north  end  ?  ?4r.  CATO  :  No.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  I  beg  to  state  you  are.  If  such  work  as  this  is  carried  on,  I  beg  to  withdraw  from  this  association,  be because  cause because  it  is  not  the  first,  second,  or  third  time  I  have  been  de deceived  ceived deceived  by  you.  Mr.  CATO  :  In  what  way  ?  Mr.  ROYLE  :  I  will  tell  you  in  a  few  minutes  how.  It  was  proposed  here,  and  carried,  that  there  should  be  no  carting  or  buss  hire  given  to  men  going  to  the  north  end  of  the  town.  That  was  the  regulation.  Mr.  CATO  :  Neither  has  it  been  done  by  me.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  It  has  not  !  You  are  the  master  shipwright,  repairing  a  ship  called  the  Mendora  ;  and  I  do  not  care  who  the  man  was  that  came  to  me  and  said,  pay  the  cartage  to  -my  ship,  I  would  not.  You  are  doing  the  ship,  and  you  ought  to  carry  out  the  resolution.  •  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Name  the  ship.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  The  Mendora.  In  consequence  of  Mr.  Cato  giving  cartage,  his  men  had  left  the  John  Barrow,  and  had  gone  to  work  with  Mr.  Cato.  Mr.  CATO  :  I  deny  it.  Mr.  BOYLE  :  I  saw  them  yesterday.  There  is  no  use  denying  it.  I  tell  you  distinctly  you  have  got  two  men  there  working  on  the  Mendora,  who  left  me  on  account  of  your  giving  cartage  Mr.  CA.TO  :  I  do  not  believe  it  Mr.  ROYLE  :  There  is  a  man  of  the  name  of  Elsbv  saw  him  myself  Mr.  DAWSON  charge  those  men  ?  Mr.  ROYLE  :  No;  I  had  no  right  to  do  so.  Mr.  CATO  :  You  should  come  to  me.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  I  come  to  you  now.  Mr.  DAWSON  :  It  was  understood  that  notice  was  to  be  given  in  those  cases  to  the  foreman  or  master.  You  have  not  taken  the  proper  steps  to  make  those  men  return.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  I  must  be  protected.  I  appeal  to  the  meet meeting,  ing, meeting,  and  I  hope  I  shall  be  protected.  Mr.  CATO  :  If  you  sent  me  a  note  to  that  effect,  I  would  have  discharged  them  immediately.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  You  are  perfectly  aware  why  they  knocked  off  ?  •  Did  you  ask  Mr.  Cato's  foreman  to  dis-  Mr.  CATO  :  I  am  not,  '  Mr.  ROYLE  :  It  was  through  your  carting  them  down.  Mr.  CATO  :  I  did  not.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  What  is  the  use  of  my  trying  to  cav,out  isaa,r,tathm,  it  uicy  are  to  be  broken  in  such  a  style  ?  Mr.  CATO  :  I  did  no  such  thing.  Mr.  DAWSON  :  According  to  the  last  meeting,  the  proper  course  was  to  have  given  notice.  Mr.  CATO  :  I  do  not  believe  there  is  a  man  of  yours  where  you  say.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  I  did  not  take  my  foreman's  word  or  your  foreman's  word  for  it,  but  I  went  and  saw  them  myself.  Mr.  CATO  :  My  foreman  told  me  he  has  not  one.  I  do  not  believe  it.  You  are  only  making  a  false  statement  from  beginning  to  end.  Mr.  ROYLE  again  repeated  his  statements,  that  two  of  his  men  were  working  at  a  ship  of  Mr.  Cato's.  Some  more  of  them  were  working,  at  Mr.  Sudbury's.  Twenty-four  of  his  men  had  knocked  off  altogether.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  How  have  they  gone  to  Mr.  Sudbury;  he  has  no  carting  ?  Mr.  ROYLE  :  They  have  gone  there  to  work  by  light.  Did  not  Mr.  Neil  tell  them  distinctly,  if  carting  was  paid  by  one  individual,  the  men  would  leave  the  masters  who  would  not  pay,  and  go  to  those  who  would  pay  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  Did  he  not  also  tell  them,  and  had  it  not  appeared  in  the  public  papers,  that  the  men  had  never  asked  for  an  advance  of  wages  but  that  it  was  always  offered  to  the  m  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  °  NV  . STYLE=superscript  as  not  that  the  fact  ?  They  asked  for  no  advance,  because  it  was  offered  to  them  ;  and  if  they  were  to  carry  out  their  regulations,  why  should  they  be  broken  through  by  leading  members  of  the  association  ?  He  (Mr.  Royle)  knew  the  late  chairman  of  the  society  was  the  first  man  to  create  dissensions  amongst  the  men,  at  the  com commencement  mencement commencement  of  the  fall  of  last  year.  Mr.  CATO  Speak  out.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  had  better  confine  yourself  to  the  present  case.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  If  I  am  to  maintain  my  position,  I  'must  leave  this  association.  lam  not  come  here  to  be  published  as  a  liar.  I  can  not  break  through  any  regulations  agreed  to  by  the  association,  so  I  shall  withdraw  from  the  associa association,  tion, association,  because  I  find  the  regulations  cannot  be  carried  out.  The  CHAIRMAN:  Let  us  attempt  to  do  so.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  We  have  attempted  we  have  suffered  ma materially;  terially; materially;  we  have  two  ships  which  have  been  in  two  neap  tides  when  they  ought  to  be  in  only  one.  With  24  men  leaving  me  in  a  day,  what  are  we  to  do  ?  The  best  way  was  to  discharge  the  men,  and  send  them  back  to  the  ship.  Mr.  W.  POPE  remarked  that  where  Mr.:Royle  was  wrong,  was  in  not  giving  notice  to  Mr.  Cato  and  to  M  r  .  S  u  dbu  r  y.  Mr.  RO  YLE  :  When  you  mention  this,  they  say  it  is  the  owner  or  captain  has  done  it.  But  if  such  was  the.case,  let  the  ship  be  given  up.  Mr.  M‘IiEvERIGAN  understood  this  to  be  the  spirit  of  the  last  iesolutions.  Mr.  ROYLE  asked  if  leading  members  of  the  association  were  ,breaking  the  rules,  what  was  to  be  expected  from  younger  members  of  the  association  ?  Jr.  3:  CATO  :  Your  statement  is  incorrect.  BOYLE  reasserted  its  accuracy,  and  would  withdraw  from  the  association  and  do  what  he  pleased.  Mr.  W.  B.  JONES  hoped  Mr.  Boyle  would  consider  before  .  burti  g  vrgamzeu,  and  with  the  amount  of  business  in  the  town  such  a  course  would  upset  everything.  The  question  brought  before  them  scarcely  warranted  Mr.  Boyle  being  so  severe  in  his  remarks;  because  if  M.  Cato  and  Mr.  Sudbury  had  some  of  his  men  he  should  have  given  notice,  and  then  if  they  refused  to  discharge  them,  and  the  association  had  not  then  acted,  it  would  be  time  enough  to  withdraw  from  the  association.  The  with withdrawal  drawal withdrawal  of  a  respectable  firm  would  enable  the  men  to  ride  rampant  over  the  town.  Mr.  CATO  said  with  reference  to  the  Mendora  Mr.  Royle  was  wrong  in  his  statement.  If  a  note  had  been  sent  and  that  the  men  had  been.  working  for  him,  he,  would  have  immediately  discharged  them.  He  trusted  that  Mr.  Royle  would  withdraw  what  he  said.  Mr.  110YLE  :  Never  would.  It  was  all  well  to.  talk  of  sending  a  note  when  the  mischief  was  done.  Mr.  Jones  need  not  get  up  to  vindicate  the  cause  of  Mr.  Cato,  for  the  men  distinctly  told  him  Mr.  Cato  would  give  them  carting  and  asked  him  for  it—he  ref  Used,  and  they  left  the  ship.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  the  onus  was  taken,  from  Mr.  Cato,  inasmuch  as  he  received  no  notice.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  What  was  the  cause  of  the  men's  first  leaving  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  That  is  an  enquiry  I  cannot  go  into  now.  Mr.  ROYLE  .  It  was  because  they  were  carted  down  to  the  ship,  _  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Mr.  Cato  says  they  were  not.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  Were  the  men  carted  down  ?  Mr.  CATO  :  Not  to  my  knowledge.  Mr.  ROYLE  knew  they  were,  and  had  been  told  by  one  of  the  owners  that  Mr.  Cato's  foreman  had  talked  him  into  carting  them  down.  Even  the  Consignee  told  him  he  had  done  wrong.  The  CHXIRIVIAN  remarked  that  this  case  could  be  grappled  with  if  the  notice  had  been  given.  -  At  present  it  was  a  statement  and  counter-statement,  He  then  remarked  that  the  subject  of  Mr.  M`Lean's  communication  was  before  the  meeting.  What  course  was  he  to  pursue  ?  Mr.  JONES  :  The  same  course  we  all  do.  There  is  one  motion  which  I  think  will  put  an  end  to  all  this  discussion  about  carting,  I  had  a  conversation  with  several  shipown shipowners,  ers, shipowners,  and  they  are  all  of  opinion  that  men  living  at  the  south  end  of  the  town,  should  be  carted  down  to  the'  north  end.  I  have  three  vessels  there  myself,  and  have  suffered  myself  at  that  end.  They  had  to  remain  ,  there  for  the  whole  of  the  neap§  - STYLE=superscript  ,:and  i STYLE=superscript  ro  - STYLE=superscript  r  the  irk  part  of  them  he  had  only.  tlgee  or  four  men,  and  about  twenty  lads  at  work  upon  them.  There  were  two  men  on  one  side  and  one  on  the  other.  I  know  those  men  are  likely  to  go  where  they  were  working  over  time,  as  for  instance,  to  Mr.  Cato,  who  was  working  by  light  making  a  well  in  a  ship—or  to  Mr.  M'Elroy,  where  they  could  make  over  time  inside.  Mr.  MTLitoy  :  Not  one  of  your  men  left  the  vessel  to  come  to  my  ship.  Mr.  JONES  did  not  say  so.  Mr.  WELuox  :  You  need  not  name  me.  Mr.  JONES  :  I  will.  Mr.  WELROY  :  If  your  men  left  to  come  to  me,  you  have  a  right  to  do  so  ;  but  if  not,  you  have  no  right.  Mr.  JONES  did  not  say  that  his  men  left  to  go  to  Mr.  M'Elroy.  But  in  consequence  of  Mr.  M'Elroy  giving  the  men  over  time  at  night,  which  he  had  a  perfect  right  to  do,  they  got  two  or  three  shillings  additional.  He  did.  not  blame  the  men  for  this.  As  regarded  carting,  the  Annie  Rose  was  going  to  the  north  end,  and  the  men  came  to  him  and  asked  him  would  he  pay  for  a  cart  ?  He  refused,  and  they  said  you  cannot  blame  us  for  leaving  the  ship.  He  (Mr.  Jones)  said  they  ought  to  finish  the  ship.  The  men  said  they  lived  at  the  south  end,  and  it  took  them  an  hour,  and  they  were  very  much  .exhausted  when  they  got  down  Ito  the  north  end  of  the  town;  and  that  •it  was  very  hard  to  send  them  down  when  they  could  get  plenty  of  work  nearer  home.  He  told  the  men  there  was  a  meeting  this  morning,  and  he  would  make  a  motion,  that  to  men  living  at  the  south  end  carting  should  be  allowed,  but  that  no  money  should  be  paid.  With  regard  to  employing  carts,  lie  thought  it  only  fair  to  do  so,  and  he  hoped  this  meeting  would  re reconsider  consider reconsider  the  thing,  because  he  thought  it  was  very  exhaust exhausting  ing exhausting  to  walk  so  far  to  their  work,  and  they  would  get  down  in  better  time.  He  begged  to  move  that  cartage  be  allowed  to  those  men,  but  that  no  money  be  paid  them.  Mr.  MCELROY  said  the  men  probably  would  be  got  later  to  work.  Mr.  .ToNzs  thought  not.  Mr.  MCELROY  did  not  think  about  it,  for  he  saw  the  carts  coming.  Mr.  JONES  thought  it  would  put  an  end  to  a  great  many  disputes.  Mr.  GRAYSON  said  there  had  been  more  complaints  made  by  shipowners  generally,  about  this  buss  money,  than  about  any  other  charge,  even  the  advance  of  wages.  Not  only  had  it  a  bad  effect  on  the  men  who  received  it,  but  the  men  at  the  north  end  did  not  turn  to  work  until  the  men  arrived  from  the  south-end.  There  was,  something  like  half-an-hour  in  the  morning  lost  by  this  system  of  carting.  He  admitted  it  was  hard  on  them  to  have  to  walk  so  far,  but  instead  of  paying  cartage,  he  would  infinitely  prefer,  paying  six-pence  a  day  - STYLE=superscript  to  men  working  in  the  Sandon  Graving-dock.  This  buss  money  would  be  a  source  of  endless  annoyance  as  long  as'  it  existed.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  that  Mr.  Grayson's  suggestion  would  interfere  with  the  uniform  rate  of  wages.  Several  members  of  the  association  were  of  the  opinion  that  if  this  were  done,  the  increase  of  six-pence  should  become  general.  Mr.  GRAYSON  contended,  that  the  only  way  of  getting  over  the  present  anomalous  state  of  things,  was  to  pay  six sixpence-a  pence-a- sixpence-a  day  extra,  and  let  the  men  get  there  as  they  best  could:  Let  them  get  earlier  to  their  work;  the  greatest  injustice  was  done  by  paying  men  for  time  which  was  lost.  Mr.  DAWSON  seconded  Mr.  Jones's  motion.  They  would  provide  carts,  but  on  no  account  was  money  to  be  paid.  ,  The  CHAIRMAN  said  it  was  a  difficult  matter  to  deal  with.  Mr.  JONES  said  when  the  men  came  to  him  from  the  Annie  Rose,  he  told  them  the  men  at  the  north  end  did  not  go  to  work  until  they  came  down.  They  said  the  fact  of  getting  a  cart  brought  them  down  sooner,  and  they  always  started  before  the  time  for  turning  to,  and  got  down  in  time,  so  that  as  to  the  men  not  keeping  to  time  correctly  if  carted  down,  he'  believed  viceversa  would  be  the  fact,  and  more  work  would  be  got  out  of  the  men  by  taking  them  down.  Mr.  Mc.ELnoY  :  I  find  this  to  be  the  case  that  the  south  end  mesters  will  have  an  advantage  over  the  north  end  masters,  inasmuch  as  they  can  cart  the  men  any  where  they  please,  and  keep  them  as  long  as  they  please,  when  we  want  them.  I  don't  want  any  master  to  have  the  privilege  ,of  paying  two  shillings  a  week  more  than  I  do.  If  you  allow  them  to  cart  their  men  down,  I  will  'claim  the  privilege  of  paying  my  men  two  shillings  a  week  more  wages,  and  I  will  do  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  men,  you  see,  are  not  to  be  paid.  Mr.  Mc.  Mawr  :  They  have  been  paid.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  But  they  are  not  to  be  paid  by  this  resolution.  Mr.  Mc.  Elroy  :  But  if  they  were  not  carted  down  to  the  south  end  of  the  town,  they  would  come  to  work  for  youor  e  me  ct  b  t  u  h  t  ey  if  w  th  ill  ey  n  a  o  r  t  wecoark  for  u  carted  down  Now,  bythe  if  you  agreemastersatt  tohesonth  nthis  motion,  I  will  insist  upon  paying  the  men  as  high  a  ratd,  of  wages  as  any  man  here  ;  and  I  will  do  it.  I  don't  want  to  deceive  you.  This  system  has  caused  more  abuses  through  the  trade  than  any  other  system  this  one  system  of  carting.  I  don't  wish  to  allow  any  man  to  pay  a  higher  rate  of  wages  than  I  do,  and  if  you  allow  others  to  cart  their  men  down  to  the  deck,  I  will  insist  upon  paying  my  nien  rrtkores  f  f  a,T  bhom.  Mr.  DAWSON  :  you  pay  them  buss  money  in  addition,  that  will  be  paying  them  higher.  Mr.  Mc.  Elroy  :  That  has  been  done.  The  north  end  men  have  gone  up  to  the  south  end  offices  and  received  4d.  each,  and  that  gives  you  an  advantage  over  us  to  which  you  have  no  right.  Mr.  DAWSON  :  It  never  has  been  done  by  me.  I  have  paid  buss  money  at  the  rate  of  £4  or  £5  a  week,  but  I  have  not  given  money  to  the  men.  Mr.  MCELROY  :  I  wish  this  meeting  to  understand,  that  if  you  pass  this  motion,  I  will  put  the  men  who  work  for  me  in  the  same  position  as  the  other  men.  The  CHAIRMAN:  But  allow  me.  There  is  a  little  ir irregularity  regularity irregularity  in  this.  All  the  members  of  this  association  are  supposed  to  be  guided  and  regulated  by  the  result  of  a  division,  however  it  may  go.  It  is  not  fair  for  a  party  to  stand  up  and  say,  this  be  carried,  I  will  depart  from  all  your  Mr.  MCELROY  :  We  are  overbalanced  here  by  the  South Southend  end Southend  masters.  There  is  a  greater  number  of  them  here  than  of  those  whose  interest  lies  to  the  North  end,  and  they  have  no  right  to  have  this  advantage  over  us.  Mr.  DAWSON*  :  You  will  be  at  the  same  liberty  to  cart  the  men  down.  Mr.  MCELROY  :  But  I  don't  do  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Gentlemen,  this  is  getting  a  little  ir irregular.  regular. irregular.  The  course  which  we  have  to  pursue  will  be  to  nivide  upon  the  subject;  and  let  it  be  distinctly  understood,  that  no  money  be  paid  to  the  men.  Mr.  MCELROY  :  Every  man  should  be  allowed  to  go  and  work  where  he  pleases.  You  have  no  right  to  cart  them.  •  Mr.  MCKEVERIGAN  :  If  the  amendment  has  been  lost,  I  will  move  another.  The  CRAIRMAN  :  It  has  been  lost,  as  no  one  seconded  it  Mr.  McanoY  :  I  will  second  it.  Mr.  MCKEVERIGAN  :  I  beg  leaVe  to  propose  another  amendment.  I  propose  that  we  adhere  to  our  last  resolution,  that  no  cartage  whatever  be  paid.  (Cries  of  hear,  hear.)  I  think  it  is  almost  disgraceful  that  the  master  tradesmen  should  cart  their  men  from  one  end  of  the  town  to  the  other.  There  is  no  necessity  for  it,  and  if  every  member  of  the  association  would  only  adhere  to  the  rules,  then  every  man  would  have  fair  play.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  CHAIRMAN  :  That  is,  that  the  original  resolution  should  remain  ?  Mr.  MelinvEniGAN  :  Yes  ;  that  it  should  remain  as  it  was  passed  at  the  last  meeting.  I  think  there  is  no  necessity  for  carting  the  men  at  all.  You  don't  get  a  quicker  turn-to,  nor  do  the  men  in  the  Sandon  graving  dock  work  the  better  fOr  it.  We  travelled,  year  after  year,  down  to  the  Clarence  dock,  and  'When  it  was  opened,  it  was  just  as  far  from  the  town,  and  farther,  for  the  same  numbers  were  not  then  cen centralized  tralized centralized  round  the  docks,  and  we  had  no  unpleasantness  whatever  about  it.  The  men  won't  look  for  it  if  you  don't  give  it.  Mr.  William  WILSON  seconded  the  amendment.  Mr.  GRAYSON  withdrew  his  amendment.  Mr.  MCELROY  :  Stand  to  your  old  resolution,  men.  The  CHAIRMA.N  called  upon  all  in  favour  of  the  amend amendment  ment amendment  to  hold  up  their  hands,  when  the  show  of  hands  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  De  in  us  favour.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  believe  the  division  is  in  favour  of  the  amendment.'  (Hear,  hear.)  The  amendment  was  therefore  declared  carried.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Now,  gentlemen,  you  have  to  say  what  will  be  your  reply  to  Messrs..  McLean's  note.  That,  I  think,  is  a  plain  course.  You  must  explain  to  the  captain  the  consequences  of  the  advance  of  wages.  Mr.  IRVING  (of  the  firm  of  McLean  and  Co.)  :  I  did  exo_ain  it,  sir.  •  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  course  that  some  parties  have  taken  is  to  leave  the  ship  in  the  hands  of  the  owners.  Mr.  Pope,  for  instance,  has  pursued  that  course,  and  has  withdrawn  his  foreman  and  apprentices  from  the  ship.  Withdraw  from  the  ship,  and  leave  her  in  the  captain's  hands.  Mr.  invinvG:  Well,  we  don't  consider  that  altogether  fair  for  our  employers.  They  are  particular  friends  of  ours,  and  we  wish  to  assist  them  as  fa  r  as  li  es  w  ithi  n  our  power  to  do.  Mr.  POPE  :  You  have  no  alternative.  If  the  owners  of  your  ship  give  Bs.  a  day,  you  ought  to  give  h  er  up  .  Mr.  IRVING  :  What  if  there  is  a  contract  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  captain  cannot  give  Bs.  then.  Mr.  POPE  :  Exactly.  The  shipowner  may  give  more,  and  the  carpenter  may  wink  at  it,  and  carry  on  the  work,  and  get  plenty  of  men  ;  but  if  you  determine  not  to  give  I,  and  tell  the  owner  of  the  vessel  so,and  if  he  then  insists  upon  it,  you  ought  to  give  the  vessel  up,  or  else  there  will  be  no  way  whdtever  of  carrying  out  the  resolution,  and  there  is  no  use  of  adopting  it  all.  Mr.  Invrism  :  We  have  not  got  any  more  men.  Mr.  POPE  :  That  is  no  matter,  you  ask  the  sense  of  the  meeting,  and  I  think  that  is  its  sense.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  are  only  in  the  same  difficulty  as  any  master  would  be  if  the  men  will  not  work.  Mr.  McLean  :  We  can't  do  it,  for  we  have  a  contract  for  a  portion  of  the  vessel.  Mr.  POPR  :  Then  if  you  do  it,  every  one  else  will  do  the  same,_  and  there  i  s  an  en  d  t  o  t  h  e  matter  altogether.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  course  to  pursue  will  pe  this—to  tell  the  men  that  you  cannot  give  Bs.  a  day.  Then  if  ;he  men  leave  you—  Mr.  POPE  :  If  the  Men  leave  you,  they  cannot  get  w)rk  anywhere  else,  provided  that  the  resolution  is  carried  out.  Mr.  LEGG  :  Oh,  but  they  will  get  work.  Men  who  :eft  me  got  work  with  Mr.  Jones,  on  the  City  of  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Did  you  give  Mr.  Jones  notice  ?  Mr.  4GG  :  I  dick♦  ,thejassistant-  seeretam  said•  on  yeiteiclay  morning  he  had  received  a  note  from  Mr,  Legg,  and  as  soon  as  he  received  it,  he  went  to  the  office  and  met  Mr.  Story.  He  read  the  note  for  Mr.  Story,  and  read  the  names  of  the  men,  and  Mr.  Story  told  him  he  would  go  to  the  ship,  and  if  he  found  the  men  working,  he  would  discharge  them  at  once.  (Applause.)  •  Mr.  MCELROY  said  he  had  a  ship  in  the  Sandon  graving  dock,  and  of  twelve  men  he  had  on  Saturday,  there  werenot  three  on  Monday,  but  he  did  not  make  any  advance  in  wages.  He  agreed  with  Mr.  Royle,  that  it  was  a  very  lame  way  of  doing  the  thing,  by  throwing  it  over  upon  the  cap captains  tains captains  or  the  owners  of  ships.  They  could  do  the  thing  themselves  without  any  assistance  whatever  from  the  cap captains  tains captains  or  owners.  A  man  mi  g  ht  as  we  ll  come  forward  openly  and  honestly,  and  say  I  have  advanced  the  as  let  the  captain  do  it.  The  master  carpenter  was  the  persbn  who  paid  the  wages,  and  not  the  captain  o  r  owner  .  Mr.  MclaArt  :  Ve  told  them  that  we  would  not  pay  the  advance,  nor  do  we  intend  to  pay  it.  The.  CHAIRMAN  :  You  have  taken  the  right  course.  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  POPE  :  If  you  are  pressed  by  the  owners,  you  must  only  give  up  the  contract.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Yes,  that's  the  course  which  you  must  pursue.  The  fact  is,  you  must  tell  the  men  that  they  will  not  be  paid  more  than  7s.  Mr.  lONEs  asked  Mr.  Cato,  had  he  not  been  making  two  hours  in  the  Brunswick  dock.  Mr.  CATO  :  No,  we  have  not  got  lights.  Now,  Dir.  Royle,  will  you  give  us  the  names  of  those  men  you  spoke  of  ?  If  I  find  that  these  men  are  still  working  at  the  shil,  I  will  go  down  and  discharge  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  ROYLE  :  Mr.  Chairman  and  Mr.  Cato,  I  am  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  aware  that  Mr.  Cato  will  discharge  the  men,  but  what  I  say.is,  that  the  mischief  is  a  l  rea  d  y  d  one  t  o  me,  by  allowing  the  men  to  be  sent  down  to  the  ship  in  carts.  Mr.  CATO  :  It  was  done  without  my  knowledge,  I  de declare.  clare. declare.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  Then  it  had  no  right  to  be  done  without  your  knowledge.  Your  Foreman  had  no  right  to  talk  he  owner  into  it.  Mr.  CATO  :  It  was  done  without  the  knowledge  of  iny  foreman.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  Nothing  of  the  sort.  I  *as  told  myself  that  the  owner  was  talked  into  it  by  your  foreman.  The  CHAIRMAN  Who  told  you,  gr.  Royle  i  Mr.  ROYLE  :  Mr.  French,  t  ren  o  ch  m  ,  F  O  o  w  r  l  n  le  e  r  y,  of  th  . STYLE=superscript  i  e  he  c  s  o  h  ns  ip  ip  ,  a  e  n  e  d  he  also  told  the  same  story  in  Mr.  Ferney's  office.  Both  ships  are  consigned  to  the  same  gentleman.  I  don't  come  here  to  tell  lies,  Mr.  Cato.  I  come  here  to  state  facts.  I  saw  the  men  myself  at  work,  and  I  certainly  will  believe  what  I  see.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Mr.  Cato  has  said  it  was  without  his  knowledge,  and  that  he  will  discharge  the  men.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  Yes  ;  under  these  circumstances,  I  *ill  remain  a  member  of  the  associ  a  ti  on  ,  b  u  t  unless  these  Men  are  discharged  from  the  different  ships,  I  will  beg  leave  to  withdraw  my  name  from  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  think  you  might  even  press  the  case  a  little  further.  If  it  be  shewn  that  the  forenian  has  in  any  way  been  the  cause  of  the  carts  going  doWn  there,  a  fine  should  be  levied.  ROYLE  :  That  is  what  I  say,  I  leave  it  entirely'  in  your  hands.  The  men  are  there,  and  they  have  left  the  ship  upon  being  carted  down  to  the  If  the  cqn cqnsignee  signee cqnsignee  sent  the  word  that  I  must  cart  the  men  doiwn  I  to  the  ship,  I  would  tell  him  distinctly  that  I  wo  u  ld  not  do  so.  If  we  stick  to  each  ,  other,  we  may  perhaps  come'  to  some  understanding,  .  but  what  we  do  is  this,  we  come  here  and  pass  resolutions,  and  the  next  time  we  meet,  thee  days  after,  we  alter  them.  What  for  ?  For  the  men  'to  laugh  at  us,  and  the  merchants,  and  every  one  else.  Thfre  is  a  certain  class  of  men  going  ab  ou  t  thi  s  t  own  ,  w  h  o  go  by  the  name  of  the  Forty  There  is  some  little  honour  in  these  men,  but  there  is  none  in  our  association.  (Oh,  oh,  and  cries  of  order.)  Mr.  JONES  :  I  think  this  is  out  of  order  ;  it  is  disgraceful  to  use  such  language.  (Cries  of  hear,  hear.)  The  CHAIRMAN  :  It  is  out  of  order.  Mr.  JONES  :  It  is  very  improper  language—very—  every  member  of  the  association  must  feel  that  it  is.  Several  Members  :  It  ought  to  be  withdrawn.  (Heir.)  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  expect  Mr..  Royle  will  retract  the  observation.  It  is  as  well  to  make  some  explanation.  It  was  spoken  in  warmth  and  without  consideration.  All  this  altercation  has  occurred  in  consequence  of  the  notice  not  having  been  given  to  Mr.  Cato.  I  hope  it  will  be  done  for  the  future.  Had  it  been  done  the  mem members  bers members  of  this  association  would  be  now  in  a  proper  position  to  meet  the  matter  Mr  ItoyLE  :  No,  Mr.  Chairman,  it  was  not  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  notice  not  being  given.  liad  Mr.  Cato  stack  as  closely  to  the  resolution  as  I  did,  it  would  not  have  oc occurred.  curred. occurred.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  But  you  are  told  he  did  not  know  of  Mr.  ROYLE  :  If  his  foreman,  or  whoever  did  it,  never  found  these  men  in  carts,  my  men  would  be  all  now  at  work  in  the  ship.  Mr.  CATO  :  I  must  again  say  that  I  did  not  know;  of  it.  Mr.  Rona;  :  I  always  toll  my  foreman  of  every  alteration  which  is  made  here,  and  he  dare  not  act  against  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  ;  Well,  we  can't  improve  the  subject  by  discussing  it  any  longer.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  WELitoy  :  I  think  Mr.  Cato  is  in  fault  for  having  allowed  it,  and  I  think  Mr.  Royle  has  suffered  from  it,  but  I  do  not  agree  in  the  opinion  which  that  gentleman  expressed  of  the  association,  for  I  think  myself  as  honourable  as  he,  and  I  think  these  little  hasty  words  should  be  with withdrawn.  drawn. withdrawn.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  I  have  seen  so  much  quibbling  in  the  as association,  sociation, association,  that  I  am  getting  tired  of  it,  and  I  must  say  that  there  is  not  much  honour  amonc  , STYLE=superscript  us.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  But  we  are  forgetting  the  past,  and  try  •  ing  to  improve  for  the  future.  Mr.  JoNEs  :  Has  Mr.  Royle  seen  anything  done  which  he  did  not  do  himself,  in  the  way  of  giving  bounty  or  hours  extra  ?  •  Mr.  ROYLE  :  You  could  not  charge  me  with  anything  (  the  kind.  Mr.  JONES  :  I  know  that  he  has  given  hours  extra  the  same  as  other  persons,  therefore  there  is  no  need  for  all  this  recrimination.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  You  never  could  charge  me  with  being  the  first  to  break  through  any  resolution  ade  in  this  society.  Mr.  JONES  :  You  have  done  whet  we  all  have  done.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Gentlemen,  we  are  now  rambling  away  again.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  I  have  suffered  for  weeks.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Now  we  are  doing  no  business.  Mr.  Jorrus  :  What  I  say  is,  that  the  remarks  were  un uncalled  called uncalled  for.  They  were  out  of  place,  and  very  much  against  the  respectability  of  the  association,  and  I  think  Mr.  Royle  should  withdraw  his  hasty  word.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  have  no  doubt  that  he  will  do  so  Mr.  ROYLE  :  I  know  that  it  was  a  little  hasty,  and  I  feel  that  I  am  somewhat  hasty  in  language,  and,  therefore,  I  beg  leave  to  withdraw  the  expression.  (Hear,  hear.)  At  the  same  time,  you  must  bear  m  mind  that  I  was  and  am  suffer suffering  ing suffering  from  the  loss  of  these  men,  and  that  would  make  any  one  feel.  The  men  never  left  you  at  the  all  at  once.  Mr.  JONES  :  Yes  ,  •  five  of  them  left  at  once.  Mr.  ROYLE  :  Yes  ;  but  twenty-four  never  left  you  at  once.  Mr.  JoNms  :  They  left  me  and  went  to  Mr.  Cato,  but  I  don't  blame  him.  It  was  an  advantage  to  the  men  to  go,  and  they  had  a  right  to  make  more  money  if  they  could,  and  I  do  not  blame  them  either.  Mr.  CATO  :  If  you  send  a  note  to  me  I  will  not  employ  them.  I  wish  to  _carry  out  the  rules  and  desires  of  this  body  as  much  as  any  man,  and  perhaps  more.  Mr.  JONES  :  We  are  progressing  very  well,  I  think.  Wo  could  not  expect  to  jump  to  perfection  all  at  once.  Mr.  Roxio3  :  I  do  not  think  we  are  progressing  at  all.  Here  we  are  at  the  same  game  all  over  again.  Any  man  who  wishes  to  carry  on  the  business,  and  do  the  duty  of  this  association,  is  completely  led  astray  by  the  way  we  are  going  on  After  some  further  conversation,  Mr.  M'LEAN  intimated  that  TIP  would  perry  ont  the  desire  of  the  meeting,  and  if  the  owners  insisted  upon  his  giving  Bs.  a-day  he  would  give  the  vessel  up.  (Applause.)  The  CHAIRMAN  said  he  had  received  a.  letter  from  the  Secretary  ofthe  Shipwrights'  Club,  in  which  he  was  requested,  as  chairman  of  that  body,  to  attend  their  meeting  at  half halfpast  past halfpast  one  o'clock.  If  it  were  the  desire  of  the  meeting,  although  at  great  inconvenience  to  himself,  he  would  do  so.  It  was  agreed  that  the  chairman  should  attend  the  meet meeting.  ing. meeting.  fir.  GARRETT  said  he  was  the  last  who  entered  the  room,  and  had  only  just  come  from  the  Clarence  Graving  Dock,  and  he  heard  there  that  the  intention  of  the  shipwrights  was  to  strike  that  night  for  Bs.  a-day.  He  heard  it  from  his  own  foreman.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  We  cannot  tell  that  decidedly  until  some  step  be  taken.  We  have  had  no  notice.  Mr.  GARRETT  :  I  thought  perhaps  some  other  parties  in  the  room  might  have  heard  something  about  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  did  not,  directly  or  indirectly.  The  proceedings  then  terminated."
