text
"TRIAL  TRIP  OF  THE  AUSTBALIAIV  ,STEAMER,  GOLDEN  AGE'.  We  copy  the  following  from  the  New  Park  Tinzei  having  no  doubt  but  that  it  will  interest  our  readerg,  Os  the  Golden  Age  will  leave  this  port  for  Australia,  on  or  about  first'  of  Notentber,  and  is  expected  to  arrive  in  the  Mersey  fi  New  York,  on  Saturday  or  Sunday  next  :  The  new  Australian  steamship  Golden  Age  '  'Lieut.  D.  D.  Porter,  U.  S.  N.,  Commander,  went  down  the  bay  on  SatuD•  day  fora  trial  trip:  The  ship  ran  dawn  to  a  considerable  dis distance  tance distance  below  the  fight-ship,  and  made  a  trial  of  speed  with  the  Atlantic,  w'hichtestedhe  sailing  powers  of  The  Golden  Age  IS  a  fine  model;  fitted  up  in  a  sumptuous  style,  and  embodying  a  number  of  essential  improvements  in  the  accommodation  of  steerage  passengers,  and  in  construction  of  her  engine.  'Her  dimensions  are  remark  in  one  point—a  breadth  of  beam  which  giires  S  ample  room  for  between-deck  accomn:Pdatiots,  and  coinhicei  very  greatly  to  the  comfort  of  her  passengers.  She  is'  285  feet  in  length,  431  feet  breadth  of  beam,  32  feet  deep  of  hold,  and  is  of  the  tonage  of  2,864  tons.  She  has  a  beam  eng:ne  of  somewhat  peculiar  construction—the  diameter  of  whose  c  yLnder  is  86  inches,  with  12  feet  length  of  stroke.  The  boilers  cont;tute  the  chief  peculiarity.  They  are  each  40  feet  in  length,  ana  are  fitted  np  with  furnaces  at  each  end,  the  smoke-funnel  ascending  from  the  centre.  By  this  arrangement,  it  is  claimed  that  economy  in  both  space  and  fuel  is  gained,  and  the  truth  of  the  proposition  is  pretty  clearly  proved  so  far  as  regards  space.  We  have  never  seen  a  vessel  so  thoroughly  roomy  in  every  part.  As  regards  the  saving  in  fuel,  it  may  be  mentioned  that  during  the  trip  on  Saturday,  the  furnace furnacedoors  doors furnacedoors  stood  open,  while  the  shaft  made  fourteen  and  a  half  turns  per  minute,  the  vessel  going  at  the  rate  of  thirteen  knots.  There  arc  eight  furnace-doors  at  each  end  of  the  boilers.  The  appointments  of  the  fire-room  are  complete.  Iron  floors,  iron  ladder's,  shafts  for  the  descent  of  cool  air,  and  the  usual  precautions  nainst  accident  by  fire,  consti constitute  tute constitute  a  series  of  very  perfect  arrangements.  Th  ere  i  s  ,  per  h  aps  ,  a  slight  difficulty  in  ascending  iron  ladders  that  assume  a  per perpendicular  pendicular perpendicular  direction,  but  as  firemen  are  used  to  it,  the  out outsider  sider outsider  has  no  business  with  the  case.  It  is  the  same  in  all  steam.ships—  only  those  of  the  Age  are  remarkably  strong,  durable—and  'Upright.  The  hull  Of  the  ship  is  from  the  yard  of  IVm.  BROWN.  The  lower  frames  are  of  live-oak,  and  the  top  frames  of  locust  and  cedar.  The  entire  vessel  is  double  diagonally  braced  with  iron  bars  five  inches  wide,  by  three threequarters  quarters threequarters  of  an  inch  thick,  and  four  feet  apart.  She  is  ceiled  with  eight-inch  plank  ;  the  bilge-kelsons  are  four,  and  planked  outside  with  six-inch  plank.  Fourteen  kelsons  run  the  whole  length  of  the  ship.  The  accommodations  for  passengers  are  suggestive  of  all  degrees  of  comfort.  It  will  be  observed  that  we  make  no  qualification.  The  prefix  dis  is  dropped  before  com comforts.'  forts.' comforts.'  Formerly,  in  the  dark  days,  when  steerage  passen passengers  gers passengers  were  not  much  thought  of,  they  were  packed  away  very  unpleasantly,  and  captains  had  no  conscience.  The  emigrant  had  a  certain  number  of  square  inches  allowed  him,  and  took  that  or  none.  On  the  Golden  Age  the  era  of  a  golden  age  is  appropriately  inaugurated.  The  steerage  is  fitted  up  with  accommodation  for  600  passengers.  The  berths  are  furnished  with  neat  mattresses  and  pillows  ;  the  latter  rendered  life-preserving  by  means  of  an  imper impermeable  meable impermeable  cotton  felting.  Particular  attention  is  devoted  to  the  ventilation  of  the  ship.  Twelve-inch  ports  open  into  the  cabin,  preserving  a  complete  circulation  of  air,  and  affording  eligible  opportunities  for  the  escape  of  fevers,  plagues,  and  the  nuisances  that  do  afflict  emigrants  so  sorely.  Ascending  from  the  steerage  to  the  main  (leek,  wa  find  the  cal  onna  and  dining  rippurteniniecs.  The  saloons  are  panelled  in  rose,  satin,  and  zebra  woods  ;  upholstered  in  crimson  and  gold  plush,  and  rich  hanging  ;  gilded  with  taste  ;  adorned  with  mirrors  and  furnished  with  the  newest  appliances  for  the  pleasures  of  the  table.  The  tables  are  so  adjusted  as  to  occupy  little  room  when  not  in  use.  The  sofas  that  are  ranged  along  them  are  reversed,  after  the  fashion  of  car-seats.  Above  each  table  is  suspended  a  lamp  of  new  construction,  fixed  upon  a  ball  and  socket  joint  so  as  to  preserve  its  perpendicular  at  all  times.  Passengers  will  be  in  no  fear  of  darkness  should  the  ship  make  a  very  sudden  and  unexpected  pitch.  In  the  upper  saloon,  the  same  general  arrangements  pre prevail  vail prevail  ;  although  in  place  of  the  satin-wood  panneling,  the  sides  are  finished  in  white  and  gold.  In  this  saloon  are  the  two  family-rooms'---labelled  Esperance'  and  El  Dorado.'  One  is  finished  in  gold,  the  other  in  blue.  They  are  oppo opposite  site opposite  each  other.  The  appointments  are  rich  ;  lace  curtains,  fine  carpet,  mirrors,  drawers,  closets,  &amp;c.  The  wood-work  of  each  room  is  finished  in  cottage  style  and  enamelled.  The  upholsterers  of  the  ship  were  Doremus  and  Nixon  ;  the  painter,  Richard  Squires  ;  the  gilders,  Jackson  and  M‘Der M‘Dermott  mott M‘Dermott  ;  the  furniture  was  provided  by  Mc  Graw  and  Allen-  Dorph  ;  the  patent  tables  by  F.  S.  Johnson,  of  Philadelphia.  Accommodations  are  afforded  for  one  thousand  passengers,  and,  at  an  emergency,  twelve  hundred  persons  may  find  reasonable  quarters  on  board.  The  idea  of  such  provisions  for  the  crowds  of  gold-diggers  will  be  sufficient  to  drive  them  on  board  full  of  hope  and  money.  A  remark  that  reminds  us  of  the  fact  that  there  is  a  large  safe  on  board,  of  the  capa capacity  city capacity  of  many  barrels,  intended  for  the  storage  of  gold-dust  during  a  voyage.  In  the  purser's  room  is  a  smaller  safe  for  the  temporary  security  of  small  articles  belonging  to  the  pas passengers.  sengers. passengers.  remains  to  be  stated  that  her  trip  was  successful  in  every  particular,  not  forgetting  a  dinner  set  out  in  handsome  style,  to  which  the  ladies  first,  and  the  gentlemen  next,  did  full  justice.  There  was  an  abundance  of  jollity,  but  no  speaking  in  public.  The  race  with  the  Atlantic  took  the  place  of  less  substantial  triumphs.  After  the  Age  had  passed  the  li,ght  ship,  she  tacked  and  ran  back  to  the  Hook,  where  we  waited  patiently,  running  about  in  sight  of  the  buoy,  till  the  At Atlantic,  lantic, Atlantic,  which  left  port  at  noon,  showed  herself  at  about  half halfpast  past halfpast  one  o'clock.  Captain  West  sent  his  vessel  gallantly  down  to  meet  her  new  rival,  and  presently  the  Age  fell  astern  for  the  purpose,  as  it  afterwards  appeared,  of  given  the  Atlantic  a  fair  start,  and  having  a  race  that  was  a  race.  The  Atlantic  having  passed  nearly  a  length  a-head,  the  or order  der order  was  given  for  the  Age  to  put  on  steam,  which  she  did  very  effectually,  passing  the  Atlantic  after  a  tight  race  of  five  or  ten  minutes,  and  winding  up  with  a  parting  salute,  which  was  courteously  returned  by  her  antagonist.  A  mutual  dip dipping  ping dipping  of  flags  followed,  and  the  Age  put  about  for  her  return  trip,  leaving  the  company  well  satisfied.  The  contest  served  to  develop  the  sailing  qualities  of  the  new  vessel  very  hand handsomely.  somely. handsomely.  It  was  a  general  subject  of  remark  that  she  entered  the  water  and  left  it  with  little  agitation.  The  cutwator  cast  up  but  little  spray,  and  the  ship's  wake  was  quiet.  The  Golden  Age  will  make  her  fi  rs  t  ocean  trip  on  Wed Wednesday  nesday Wednesday  next.  :She  leaves  this  port  direct  for  Liverpool,-  whence  she  will  sail  for  Australia,  and  will  form  the  pioneer  of  the  new  line  between  the  latter  and  our  Pacific  coast.  For  the  present,  her  port  will  be  Panama  •  eventually  Aca Acapulco  pulco Acapulco  and  San  Francisco.  She  is  built  ?or  the  Australian  Steam-ship  Company,  of  this  City,—S.  Howard  and  Son,  Agents.  The  Company  propose  to  construct  four  or  five  vessels  of  the  same  class,  as  soon  as  their  arrangements  shall  be  sufficiently  perfected.  So,  we  may  look  henceforth  for  fresh  and  pleasant  news  of  nuggets  from  the  fields  of  Aus Australia,  tralia, Australia,  not  by  way  of  England  and  the  Collins  line,  but  by  Howard,  Panama,  and  the  Golden  Age."
