text
"IN.AUGU.RATION  OF  THE  MANCHESTER  ANTI ANTISLAVERY  SLAVERY ANTISLAVERY  UNION.  A  public  meeting  of  the  citizens  of  Manchester  was  held  on  Thursday  night,  in  the  Friend's  Meeting-house,  Mount Mountstreet,  street, Mountstreet,  for  the  purpose  of  inaugurating  the  Manchester  Anti Antislavery  slavery Antislavery  Union.  The  meeting  was  attended  by  a  numerous  and  highly  respectable  audience.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  THOMAS  CLEGG,  Esq.  The  CHAIRMAN  in  opening  the  business  of  the  meeting,  explained  the  object  for  which  they  had  assembled.  He  said  that  the  negro,  when  in  a  state  of  liberty,  was  not  only  capable  of  taking  care  of  himself  and  providing  for  himself;  but  of  performing  all  the  duties  of  life.  He  believed  the  African  squadron  had  been  the  chief,  the  main  cause,  why  so  much  good  had  been  done  for  the  African,  and  if  that  squadron  were  removed,  the  slave-trade  would  soon  be  as  bad  as  ever  it  was.  (Hear,  hear.)  Some  few  years  ago  he  tried  to  show  a  native  chief  that  it  would  be  to  his  own  advantage  to  employ  the  native  people.  He  gat  all  the  information  he  could  on  the  subject,  and  received  the  willing  and  ready  co-operation  of  Mr.  Bagley  and  several  gentlemen  in  London,  amongst  whom  were  some  members  of  the  Society  of  Friends  ;  and  they  sent  out  perhaps  a  dozen  cotton  gins,  a  packing-press,  and  various  other  articles  required  to  make  a  beginning  ;  and  a  large  amount  of  cotton  had  already  begun  to  arrive  in  this  country.  It  was  cotton  of  a  good  kind,  and  the  trade  in  it  promised  to  become  a  large  one.  (Applause.)  Let  them  keep  before  the  public  the  evils  of  the  slave-trade,  and  let  them  circulate  that  admirable  book  of  Mrs.  Stowe's—Uncle  Tom's  Cabin—par Cabin—particularly  ticularly Cabin—particularly  amongst  the  working-people,  and  he  felt  confident  that  immense  good  would  be  the  result.  (Applause.)  Mr.  F.  W.  CHESSON,  one  of  the  honorary  secretaries,  read  a  statement  which  embraced  the  fundamental  principles  and  objects  of  the  society,  of  which  the  following  will  afford  a  sufficient  notion:—  _  That  so  long  as  slavery  exists,  there  is  no  reasonable  prospect  of  the  annihilation  of  the  slave-trade,  and  of  ex extinguishing  tinguishing extinguishing  the  sale  and  barter  of  human  beings  ;  that  the  extinction  of  slavery  and  the  slave-trade  will  be  attained  most  effectually  by  the  employment  of  those  means  which  arc  of  a  moral,  religious,  and  pacific  character;  that  no  measures  be  regorted  to  by  this  society,  in  the  preseent  en  of  these  objects,  but  such  as  are  in  accordance  with  these  prin principles,  ciples, principles,  and  that  persons  of  all  sects  be  invited  to,  co-operate  with  The  Rev.  R.  S.  Scorr  moved  the  first  resolution,  which  was  seconded  by  the  Rev.  FREDERICK  HEMMING,  of  the  United  States  and  passed.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked,  that  he  had  two  Africans  in  his  establishment;  one  was  in  the  counting-house,  and  as  expert  a  clerk  as  he  had  ;  and  the  other  was  working  at  the  machines,  and  was  as  clever  as  any  about  him.  He  thought  it  was  an  excellent  plan  to  get  people  from  Africa  to  come  here.  (Hear,  and  applause.)  Mr.  J  OSEPH  STURGE,  one  of  the  deputation  from  the  pa parent  rent parent  society,  noticed  the  proceedings  of  the  African  squad squadron,  ron, squadron,  which  he  had  watched  for  more  than  20  years,  but  which  had  not  materially  lessened  the  slave  trade,  though  this  country  had  spent  more  than  twenty  millions  sterling  in  trying  to  put  it  down.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  coast  of  Africa  was  so  extensive,  that  if  all  the  squadrons  in  the  world  were  employed  in  the  preventive  service,  he  was  satisfied  that  with  a  profit  of  400  or  500  per  cent.,  the  trade  would  still  be  carried  on.  (Hear.)  That  was  one  of  the  grounds  for  the  formation  of  the  Anti-Slavery  Society,  which  went  upon  the  basis  that  unless  there  was  an  abolition  of  slavery,  there  could  not  be  an  abolition  of  the  slave  trade.  (Hear.)  He  visited  the  United  States  about  ten  years  ago  mainly  in  connection  with  the  anti antislavery  slavery antislavery  question.  Amongst  other  places  he  visited  some  of  the  slave-trading  establishments  of  the  United  States,  where  slaves  in  the  northern  states  were  sold  to  go  to  the  southern  states.  At  one  of  these  establishments  the  proprietor  de defended  fended defended  the  traffic  there  carried  on.  He  had  often  reflected  on  this  subject  ;  and  he  was  one  of  those  who  thought  that  as  far  as  possible  we  should  leave  our  American  friends  to  do  their  own  work,  as  to  the  abolition  of  slavery,  at  the  time  giving  them  all  the  assistance  we  could.  (Cheers.)  He  was  one  of  those  who  thought  that  the  English  people  owed  a  little  debt  of  justice  to  the  authoress  of  Curie  Tom's  Cabin,  which  had  been  published  in  such  numbers  in  this  country,  where  the  lady  had  not  the  benefit  of  a  copyright.  But  a  testimonial  was  established  for  her,  and  the  subscrip subscription,  tion, subscription,  which  was  not  to  exceed  £2,000,  was  about  to  be  closed.  Only  £l,BOO  had  yet  been  raised,  and  he  thought  there  had  not  been  five  pounds  sent  from  Manchester.  (Hear.)  He  then  spoke  of  the  importance  of  doing  justice  to  India,  for  he  contended  that  the  irhabitants  of  that  country  had  a  strong  claim  on  England  to  see  that  justice  was  dune  to  them.  (Hear.)  He  believed  that  the  friends  of  the  slave  all  over  the  world  could  not  work  more  effectu effectually  ally effectually  for  the  achievement  of  his  freedom  than  in  trying  to  obtain  an  abundance  of  cotton  and  sugar  from  India.  And  one  great  advantage  would  be  facility  of  communication.  He  hoped  they  would  live  to  see  the  day  when  the  sun  would  neither  rise  upon  tyrants  nor  set  upon  the  slave.  (Loud  cheers.)  Mr.  LOUIS  ALEXIS  CHAMEROVZOW  next  addressed  the  meeting  in  support  of  the  ieboluauu.  The  resolution  was  put  from  the  chair,  and  carried  unani unanimously.  mously. unanimously.  The  other  speakers  were,  Mr.  George  Thompson,  M.P.,  the  Rev.  Samuel  B.  Ward,  a  minister  of  colour,  from  Canada,  and  the  Rev.  William  Frail.  A  vote  of  thanks  having  been  proposed  to  the  chairman,  the  meeting  sepa separated.  rated. separated."
