text
"IRO.N  . STYLE=superscript  M2IB.7'_ERS'  The  usual  meeting,  preliminary  to  the  qu  of  the  ironmasters  of  the  district,  was  held  Dudley,  on  Thursday,  and  was  numerously  a  attended.  Mr.  Waiter  Williams  occupied  most  of  the  principal  firms  were  repro  The  present  position  and  future  prospects  trade  was  fully  discussed  ;  but  although  it  wa  that  the  present  demand,  and  the  high  price  would  justify  an  advance  of  20s.  per  ton,  it  mously  resolved  to  abide  by  the  prices  fixed  meeting  of  the  it'  ,c  ennsitlf  The  - STYLE=superscript  principal  makers  will  not  Lc..  orders  at  present  prices,  but  still  the  b,  market,  and  the  probability  that  an  advance  would  ea!  the  workmen  of  the  district  to  claim  an  increase  of  wag`  induces  the  masters  to  think  that  a  declared  advance  wog  be  injudicious  and  indiscreet.  The  notice  which  the  colliers  have  given  of  a  strike,  11 STYLE=superscript  less  their  wages  were  raised  ls.  per  day,  expires  on  C-'  night.  The  coal  proprietors  have  met  them  '-  offering  them  6d.,  but  this  has  been  reje-'  sent  there  is  no  appearance  of  an  ^  differences.  ate  of  ti  Id  at  p.  O STYLE=superscript  if  existo  The  iron  men  are  at  present  quiet,  but  there  is  reason  suppose  that  if  the  colliers  were  successful  in  their  demat  their  example  would  be  followed  by  a  portion  at  least  of  furnace  men  of  the  district.  THE  CHOLERA  I,  FROM  THE  GENERAL  BOARD  OF  HEALTH,  WHITEHALL)  eweastle-upon-Tyne,  Sept.  28  Deaths.  Cholera  .  Diarrhoea  .  ..  1  The  total  number  of  deaths  from  cholera  and  diaiThces  id  ill STYLE=superscript  Newcastle  during  the  present  outbreak  has  b  een  1,301.  '&#34;  6  „  the  same  period  (viz.,  the  first  28  days)  during  th  e  prevalence  of  epidemic  cholera  there  in  1831-32,  th  e  num  b  er  o  f  d  e  a  d STYLE=superscript  was  210.  Gateshead,  Sept.,  27  Cholera  Diarrhoea,..  Deaths  , STYLE=superscript  .  0  The  total  number  of  deaths  from  cholera  an  d  di  arr  h  oe  a  is  Gateshead  up  to  the  present  d  a  t  e  h  as  b  een  347.  During  0'  like  period  (viz.,  the  first  21  days)  in  1831-32,  the  deatl  ls STYLE=superscript  amounted  to  134.  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  and  BlArieng  ' STYLE=superscript  s'TS  ° STYLE=superscript  simultaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTION.  IN  LIV  RPOOL  Term  for  lin  advance!  On  Credit  OUT  OF  LIVERPOOL.  lit•  In  advance  Half  year  ~  Quarter  ei  18  o  £0  19  6  e  4  10  0  Single  Papers  3d,"
