text
"the  SD  e  last  drop  of  I  3dit  of  the  coon  Sir  ORA  )r  Mr.  '  )n  to  the  1  clamation  s  demar  1,  plainly  dema  e  interests  0+  11,  then  bsolutely  rc  to  go  to  war,  but,  never  rain  to  take  up  arm;  le  midst  of  hich  th  s  count  (Probably  to  mcy  nt),  but  his  appearance  immediately  excited  mrobation,  hissing,  hooting,  discordant  noise  Old  Chur  Zim  out  which  lasted  a  co  !ndeavoured  to  obtain  a  hearir  but  in  t  is  friend  IV  Greenzate,  Salford,  next  end  but  in  a  very  short  time  he  sl  was  unsuccessful  Ming,  Mr.  Willi:  leading  into  the  a  put  the  resolu resoluaimously,  aimously, resoluaimously,  and  by  JOHNSON  MOVE  the  mech.  whi(  )n  was  Russia,  in  her  insit  injr  states,  is  at  variar  the  recent  conduct  of  Mr.  Cobden  in  n  rn  question,  and  defended  the  right  of  the  public  o  this  country  t  dact  of  the  British  g  lation,  not  only  to  home,  but  to  foreign  affaii  fore  he  mintained't  nent  at  th  t  we  could  not  be  lon  governmen  ivatch  it  guage  of  a  goiitlem.an  on  the  platfOrm  Vaughan  was  referred  tol  he  would  (  Pea  say  we,  by  all  honourable  means,  1  which  would  interest  supported  from  Man  Esq.  H  very  ancient  war,  war  to  t  nd  the  ambiti  .ven  to  the  I  extinct,  had  been  in  room  various  st  to  war  and  peat  one  or  the  oth  )joet,  /  lade  with  respe  ow,  they  had  nothing  to  do  with  t  •—they  ha'd  todo  with  common  sense,  that  was  workini  The  man  who  was  a  murc  T;  but  the  man  Lo  refused  to  assert  right  when  assail  ......,  „  present  occasion  with  the  beauties  of  peace  or  the  guiltiness  of  war:  What  they  had  to  do  with  was  Russia—her  means  of  action,  and  her  ultimate  aims.  And  if  they  would  favour  him  for  a  few  minutes  with  their  indulgence  (cheers)  —he  thought  he  could  show  them  that  her  means  of  action  were  deceit,  the  bayonet  and  the  cannon,  and  that  her  aim  and  object  were  uncontrolled  dominion.  (hear,  hear.)  We  Turkey  ,inci  in  pr(  1,  so  did  we  come  t  breasts  of  the  severa  trength  was  in  ti  e,  at  each  of  which  she  has,  or  had,  a  spy  o  hear.)  And  though  we  had  heard  of  th  agent.  (11  Turkish  sib  --  - STYLE=superscript  -though  we  had  heard  of  the  triumph  over  the  Russians  in  the  Caucasus'  with  20,000  killed  or  made  prisoners,  and  though  we  had  heard  that  the  Russians  were  in  full  retreat,  he  seized  that  moment  to  tell  them  that  he  had  learned  that  intelligence  with  the  ex extremest  tremest extremest  fear,  because  he  found  that  the  Russians  in  the  re retreat  treat retreat  did  not  go  north,  homewards,  but  diverged  to  the  left,  so  as  to  take  refuge  in  the  Austrian  territory.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  told  them  that  they  had  now  the  explanation  of  that  wonderful  revelation  of  a  few  weeks  ago,  when  the  des despatches  patches despatches  of,  two  Russian  generals  declared  that  their  armies  were  highly  disorganized,  and  that  they  would  be  beaten  by  the  Turkish  attacks.  He  then  noticed  the  ambitious  plans  of  Russia.  A  scheme  was  laid  by  Russia  throughout  the  globe—a  plan  was  discussed  in  every  cabinet,  and  Russia  was  staking  her  very  existence  on  the  game  now  playing.  She  did  not  do  it  madly  or  rashly,  but  with  a  full  knowledge,  after  full  preparation,  with  perfect  judgment,  and  full  of  perfect  command  of  the  means  of  access  to  the  statesmen  in  the  cabinets  of  Europe.)  Hear,  hear.)  The  gallant  admiral  who  preceded  him  had  'given  them  an  extensive  review  of  the  progress  of  Russia,  and  referred  to  her  ambitious  de designs  signs designs  ;  not  being  contented  with  the  limits  of  Europe,  but  aiming  at  power  over  India,  Asia,  Egypt,  and,  in  fact,  to  embrace  and  hug  the  world.  (Hear.)  After  ,  that  appalling  what  had  been  done  by  the  government  of  this  einp  gifted  as  it  was,  with  talents,  with  numbers,  with  machine  with  discipline,  with  arms,  with  heart,  and  with  courage  what  should  he  give  them  as  a  conclusion?  All  he  could  give  them  was,  that  the  government  had  done  much  to  lead  us  into  our  inpresent  condition.  He  then  proceeded  to  say  that,  reference  •to  what  the  gallant  ad admiral  miral admiral  had  said  about  the  aid  rendered  by  England  to  Turkey,  he  was  prepared  tb  contradict  every  statement  he  had  made;  and  he  was  prepared  to  support  the  case  by  documentary  evidence,  and  to  submit  to  the  verdict  .f  a  ,  jury,  as  to  who  was  right  and  who  ivas  wrong,  (cries  of  and  and  confusion,  another  call  of  by  Dr.  Vaughan.)  A  gentleman  called  Ques 'Question,'  now  let  him  explain  what  the  question  was  (cheers,)  because  he  was  sure  that  it  would  be  impossible  for  any  per person  son person  to  call  if  he  had  comprehended  it  himself  and  noise.)  The  question  was  the  conduct  of  thi  ritish  ministry  The  Rev.  Dr.  VA.UGHAN,  Principal  of  the  Independent  College  :  I  protest  that  the  question  is,  what  are  we  to  do  to  help  Turkey?'  (Great  cheering,  uproar,  and  confusion.)  Mr.  URQUHART  thanked  the  reverend  gentleman  for  the  admission,  and  the  application  of  his  words.  The  reverend  gentleman  said  the  question  was  what  were  they  to  do  to  help  Turkey?  He  told  him  and  them  at  the  same  time,  that  they  were  to  direct  their  government—he  told  them  that  the  government  had  caused  many  misfortunes.  (Hear,  hear..)  He  then  proceeded  to  show  that  the  life  of  Kossuth  was  saved  from  the  scaffold  by  the  unaided  exertions  and  deter determination  mination determination  of  the  Porte  alone.  Admiral  Sir  CHARLES  NAPIER  explained  that  he  was  not  a  diplomatist,  and  that  what  he  had  stated  had  reference  to  the  movements  of  the  fleets,  which  had  assisted  Turkey  on  former  occasions  iti  obtaining  what  she  did.  Mr.  TJRQUHART,  in  continuation,  said  he  had  come  to  tell  the  meeting  that  their  government  was  an  agency  of  Rus Russia  sia Russia  (cheers,  cries  of  no,'  order  .  and  confusion)  —  and  as  he  had  come  there  on  their  own  invitation,  he  would  have  no  delicacy  in  stating  that  that  conviction  was  one  not  hastily  formed,  and  his  reason  for  stating  it  was  not  opposi opposition,  tion, opposition,  but  he  stated  it  in  obedience  to  the  strongest  impulse  that  could  sway  a  man,  namely,  that  which  sprung  from  devotion  to  his  country's  service,  and  an  apprehension  of  its  dangers.  (Hear,  hear-)  When,  therefore,  a  gentleman,  with  the  gallant  Admiral's  authority,  told  them  that  the  go government,  vernment, government,  in  a  succession  of  events,  had  stood  forward  as  the  Hear,  hea"
