text
"NUMBERING  OF  EIOUSES.  Mr.  Haigh,  of  Gambia  terrace,  waited  on  the  committee  to  request  that  in  the  re.numhering  of  houses  about  to  take  place,  that  terrace  might  not  be  included,  as  it  was  enclosed  within  gates,  and  was  no  publ'c  thoroughfare.  It  was  agreed  that  Mr.  Haigh's  suggestion  should  be  enter enter;ained,  ;ained, enter;ained,  and  that  he  be  communicated  with  when  the  numbering  ;Vas  about,  to  take  place.  On  the  casting  vote  of  the  Chairman,  it  was  resolved  that  permission  be  granted  to  Mr.  Palmer  to  construct  areas  before  his  houses  in  Alfred-street,  it  being  understood  that  the  per permission  mission permission  was  on  sufferance.  The  tenders  of  Silver  and  Co.  for  great  coats;  of  A.  P.  Ines,  for  trowsers  ;  and  H.  Johns,  for  capes  for  the  use  of  licials  in  the  employ  of  the  committee,  were  accepted.  received,  `_  a~  ST.  GEORGE'S  HALL  -~0---  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.'  Sir,—l  last  week  attended  Mons.  Jullien's  concerts,  at  St.  George's-hall,  and  having  obtained  a  front  seat  in  the  gallery,  iwas  shocked  to  see  the  injury  that  is  being,  and  is  likely  to  be,  inflicted  on  one  of  the  moot  beautiful  and.  characteristic  features  of  that  fairy  palace.  The  position  to  which  I  allude—viz.,  the  front  of  the  gal•  lery,  as  is  well  known,-  is  , STYLE=superscript  balt;straded  by,  a  massive  black  marble  rail,  supported  by  handsome  vae.e-shaped  pillars,  of  a  light  coloured  description,  of  the  same  material;  and  between  these  little  columns,  the  occupants  of  th.e  front  seats  have,  for  their  own  comfort,  rested  their  feet,  klurtng  the  performances,  to  the  injury  of  the  angles  of  the  work.  Now,  the  space  allowed  in  these  sm,ts,  being  not  over  corn.  modious,  the  public,  however  well  (,Nrilc3red,  is  not  likely  tc  resist  the  tempting  position  alluded  to,  411c1  I,  therefore  ,  thin]  you  will  agree  with  me,  that  something  shop  ild  be  done  to  prevent  it  either  by  an  internal  wainscoating  of  wot  .d,  which,  if  painted  black,  would  not  be  an  eyesore  from  the  ba  dy  of  the  hall,  or  by  some  better  contrivance  upon  which  t  '1,3  :authorities  are  more  capable  of  deciding  than  myself.  Ido  not  mean  to  say  that  much  damage  has  been  done  yet,  but  is  a  hall  of  such  general  beauty  and  stability,  which  should  be  a  s  imperishable  as  time  itself,  it  would  be  a  pity  to  see  any  o  f  its  individual  beauties  at  all  impaired,  ere'  the  novelty  of  its  co.  inpletion  halt  worn  off  Hoping  y  ou  w  ill  ca  ll  t  h  e  attent  i  on  of  the  authoth  `i  es  to  this,  •  •  '  this  intrusion  on  your  valued  I STYLE=superscript  space,  A  SHILLING  CUSP.  ''BIER.  humbly  subscribe  myself  1-street,  December  ,  30th  ,  1855,  THE  A  -A  notice  has  been  iss  .ed  by  the  War  De Dee  e Dee  examinations  for  appointments  to  pro  , STYLE=superscript  in-the  Royal  Artillery  will  commence  'stant,  and  that  those  appointed  will  'lr  of  Artillery  studies  at  Wool--  -  are  to  transmit  their  certificates,  &amp;c.,  to  , STYLE=superscript  vepartment  by  the  10th  instant;  and  must,  preVi preVious  ous preVious  to  the  examination,  lodge  £5  at  Messrs.  Cox  and  Co.'s,.  the  Army  agents,  towards  the  expenses  of  the  examination.  AN  INscrititEcrrox  IN  ARABIA.—A  letter  from  Alma Almadri  dri Almadri  a  says  A  serious  insurrection  has  taken  place  in  the  Hedjaz,  in  Arabia,  where  the  authority  of  the  Sultan  is  very  feebly  maintained  by  a  very  small  number  of  troops.  The  Arabs  threaten  to  expel  the  Turks  from  the  coast  of  the  Red  Sea,  and  demand  that  the  English  and  French  flags  be  pulled  down,  and  all  Europeans  driven  out  of  the  country.  The  primary  cause  of  this  rise  has  been  the  publication  of  the  anti-slavery  proclamation,  and  the  depo deposition  sition deposition  of  the  old  Shereef  of  Mecca.  The  East  India  Company's  sloop  Elphinstone  is  to  proceed  to  Jedda  h  t  A  o  protect  British  in  t  erests  ,  C.  CHILD  STEALING.  —111  the  month  of  October  last  two  deeently  dressed  women  having  accosted  a  young  girl,  whO  had  charge  of  a  child,  in  the  Grassmarket,'  and,  giving  her  fourpence,  asked  her  to  purchase  pears  for  them,  promis promising  ing promising  to  keep  the  child  till  she  came  back.  On  her  return,,  both  women  and  child  were  gone,  and  nothing  was  heard  of  either  of  them  till  'Monday  last,  when  the  child  was  found  in  a  close  off  the  Canongate.  Her  name  is  Ape's  Blackie,  and  she  is  three  years  of  age  —too  young  to  give  any  account  of  the  parties  who  carried  her  off,  or  as  to  where  she  had  been.  The  police,  however,  have  succeeded  in  apprehending  two  women  who  were  implicated  in  the  transaction,  and  they  tell  the  following  story  :  Some  eighteen  months  ago  a  girl  named  Ann  M'Kenzie,  residing  in  Richmond-street,  parted  with  a  young  man  with  whom  she  had  been  for  son:le  time  acquainted,  telling  him  that,  on  his  return  from  Australia,  whither  he  was  going,  she  would  present  him  with  a  child  of  which  he  was  the  father.  It  turned  out  that  she  was  not  in  the  interesting  situation  in  which  she  was  led  to  believe  she  was;  but  it  would  appear  that  she  had  informed  him  of  the  birth  of  a  child,  and  on  his  return  to  this  country,  early  in  October,  instead  of  telling  him  that  no  such  event  had  happened,  she  determined  to  take  a  child  from  , STYLE=superscript  the  streets,  and  pass  it  off  as  her  own,.  Accordingly,  her  sister,  Johanna  APlCenzie,  and  a  weman  named  Ann  Ross.,  undertook  to  get  ;a  child  apparently  a'.bout  the  age  of  eighteen  months,  and  they  succeeded  in  the  manner  we  have  described.  Agnes  Mackie,  although  double  the  necessary  age,  was  very  , STYLE=superscript  delicate,  and  ,  looked  much  younger  than  she  was  in  really  ;  and  they  passed  her  off  to  the  young  man  as  his  child.  The  neighbours,  however,  knew  how  the  matter  really  stood  ;  and  a  quarrel  having  taken  place  between  them  and  the  WlCenzies,  they  threatened  to  give  information  to  the  police,  whereupon  the  M'Kenzies  removed  to  Leith,  where  they  lived  some  time  still  retaining,  the  child.  week  or  two  ago,  the  young  man  en  li  s  t  e  d,  an  d  went  to  a  port  in  England  to  embark  for  the  East.  He  promised  to  marry  WlCenzie  if  she  would  follow  him  to  the  port  in  question  and  see  him  off.  This  she  did,  and  is  probably  married  by  this  time.  The  child  was  now  unnecessary,  and  it  was  set  adrift,  as  we  have  stated.  The  crime  of  child  stealing,  or  plagiszas  is  a  capital  offence  by  the  law  of  Scotland.—Scotsman.  YESTERDAY'S  MARKETS,  LONDON  PRODUCE.—Sugar  market'  continues  flat,  ;the  whole  offered  to-day  having  been  bought  in.  The  small  quantity  of  coffee  offered  in  public  sales  was  not  sufficient  to  affect  the  public  market;  nothing  doing  private.y.  Tea  unaltered,  common  congou  9id  to  9&amp;d.  Rice  dull.  LONDON  TALLOW.—Market  closes  steady  at  68s  3d,  in  all  positions,  with  but  little  business  doing.  Delivery  for  the  halt%  week,  377  casks;  arrivals,  1,700.  MANCHESTER  CORN.—This  day's  market  was  moderately  attended,  and  the  demand  for  most  articles  very  limited.  Wheat  and  flour  were  rather  lower,  the  former  2d  to  3d  per  bushel,  and  the  latter  is  per  sack.  All  other  articles  were  dull,  and  in  most  instances  in  favour  of  the  buyer.  GLASGOW  CATTLE.—The  supply  of  beef  at  our  market  to-day  was  larger  than  last  week.  The  demand  fair  at  somewhat  advanced  prices..  Sheep  were  exceedingly  scarce,  and  sold  at  id  per  pound  over  lost  week's  prices.  Top  Scotch  beef  worth  7d  per  lb,  ditto  Irish  61d,  middling  and  coarse  5d  to  51d.  Black  faced  mutton  7d,  second  quality  6d  to  6d  per  lb.  At  market  680  beasts,  sheep  2191.  All  sold.  DUB  ~IN  CATTLE  —The  supply  of  beef  was  large.  Prime  marks  barely  supported  the  late  high  rates;  middling  and  inferior  were  decidedly  lower,  particularly  towards  the  close,  as  compared  with  the  sales  during  December.  Cattle  were  lower  to-day  by  20'  to  305  a  bead.  •  CORK  PROVISIO  White  wheat,  41s  6d;  red,  393;  barley,  40s_"
