text
"To  this  bold  and  singular  assertion  Mr.  MAXWELL  replied,  Don't  tell  me  anything  of  the  kind.  I  was  at  the  booth  all  day,  and  you  never  fought  an  election  with  more  determination  to  keep  him  •  Here  lies  the  truth  and  glory  of  this  victory  to  the  liberal  cause.  The  enemy  never  fought  an  election  with  more  determination,  and  yet  they  were  beaten,  signally  defeated  and  manfully  routed.  Having  thus  achieved  a  most  auspicious  victory  let  us  now  count  the  gains.  First  of  all,  has  been  driven  a  mere  conventional  drone  from  an  impor important  tant important  public  office  which  ought  at  all  times  to  be  filled  by  competent,  honest-minded,  and  liberal  men  of  business.  Secondly,  we  have  gained  a  man  who  pledges  himself  to  act  independently  and  to  the  best  of  his  abilities;  and  lastly,  if  he  fails  to  give  satisfaction  to  his  constituents,  he  pledges  himself  to  resign  his  seat  in  the  council  to  some  other  candidate  for  municipal  honoUrs.  On  these  points  Mr.  EARLE'S  supporters  could  . STYLE=superscript  require  no  Juch  pledge.  He  is  too  well  known  to  them  as  an  honourable  and  consistent  man,  worthy  of  public  confidence,  and  an  ornament  to  a  public  office.  And  mark  the  spirit  with  which  he  returns  to  the  field  of  his  former  usefulness.  Scarcely  had  he  acknowledged  the  marked  coin coiniptiments  iptiments coiniptiments  paid  to  him  by  the  electors  present,  before  we  find  him  grappling  with  tho  reckless  prodiga prodigality  lity prodigality  of  the  Town  Council,  and  he  begins  by  ex exhuming  huming exhuming  the  defunct  Highway  who  Mr.  EARLE  reminds  us  .  were  guilty  of  the  most  infamous  jobbing,  for  which  purpose  they  were  so  strongly  linked  together  by  political  friendship,  that  they  kept  everything  in  their  own  hands.  By  this  gallant  crew  of  sharpers  and  tricksters,  he  tells  us  that  from  £lOO,OOO  to  £120,000  of  the  Borough  funds  were  squandered  in  paying  for  streets  badly  levelled,  sewers  laid  down  at  random,  and  which  have  since  been  broken  up,  and  for  workmanship  which  was  abominable.  He  next  turned  _to  the  improvements  now  going  on  in  the  Borough  under  the  Board  of  Health,  whose  movements  he  seems  to  understand  much  better  than  many  of  the  lead leading  ing leading  members  of  the  Board  itself.  Such  is  the  out outline  line outline  Mr.  EARLE  has  given  to  his  constituents  of  his  acquaintance  with  their  wants  and  interests,  and  if  practical  knowledge  and  experience  be  of  any  value  in  a  public  servant,  we  think  that  the  town  at  large  will  soon  have  reason  to  be  thankful  to  the  Burgesses  of  Abercromby  Ward  for  having  sent  such  a  man  among  the  drones  who  are  at  present  linked  together  by  political  friendship  for  the  purpose  of  keeping  everything  in  their  own  But  Mr.  EARLE  does  not  stand  alone  among  the  Medes  and  Persians  of  the  Council  Chamber.  The  liberal  cause  has  another  able  and  sincere  advo advocate.  cate. advocate.  One,  too,  of  whom  the  oppositionists  have  been  heard  to  say,  He  is  like  all  by  which  they  mean  that  he  will  be  three  times  more  difficult  to  deal  with  than  a  hundred  Tories.  They  are  for  once,  quite  right  !  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLAD'  STONE  is  as  practical,  unbending,  and  useful,  as  our  pier  head.  He  has  every  qualification  to  make  him  so  ;  and,  above  all,  he  is  up  to  the  secrets  of  the  He  can  detect  a  job,  as  Paddy  would  say,  before  it  is  in  That  is,  he'  scents  out  a  job  before  the  public  are  called  upon  to  pay  for  it;  for,  after  all,  the  rate-collector  is  the  best  oculist,  wherever  the  visual  organs  of  the  public  are  defective.  This  is,  however,  political  badinage,  for  which  we  care  nothing.  Our  duty  is  simply  to  direct  pub public  lic public  attention  to  the  high  character  and  practical  attainments  of  two  public  men.  Mr.  GLAD GLADSTONE  STONE GLADSTONE  went  to  the  dinner  with  a  bill  of  fare  in  his  pocket.  And  notwithstanding  that  the  viands  were  of  the  first  order,  the  Burgesses  seemed  to  relish  Mr.  GLADSTONE'S  dessert  amazingly.  The  worthy  gentleman  then,  by  way  of  a  preface,  I  have  great  abhor abhorrence  rence abhorrence  of  the  mind  which  can  suggest  nothing— nothingwhich  which nothingwhich  can  only  tread  the  old  beaten  track—oppose  every  object  which  in  itself  is  calculated  for  the  good  of  mankind,  and  then  afterwards,  when  a  measure  is  carried,  shelters  itself  under  this,  '  It  has  become  law,  and  it  is  my  duty  to  bow  and  obey  it.'  I  say  you  had  better  have  representatives  who  are  in  advance  of  everything  that  has  ever  been,  than  to  have  such  men  as  these,  who  are  for  ever  trailing  in  the  mire,  The  best  course  is  to  cut  all  connexion  with  such  men  as  There  is  something  in  this  that  carries  with  it  impress  of  greatness.  Suchgrape  and  canister  would  make  the  Town  Hall  resound  again.  It  is  just  what  is  wanted  to  drown  the  hum-drum  fiddle-faddle  of  that  drowsy  how-do-you-do  conclave.  But  Mr.  GLADSTONE  had  another  charge  in  his  pocket,  in  the  shape  of  a  statement  of  the  pur purchases  chases purchases  made  by  the  Corporation  of  landed  estates,  houses,  and  buildings,  the  purchase  of  which  he  reminded  his  hearers  had  been  paid  for  out  of  the  till,  or  out  of  the  pockets  of  Borough  ratepayers;  or  else  by  money  borrowed,  the  interest  of  which  was  charged  against  them  in  the  annual  account  and  current  expenditure.  He  then  read  his  state stateinent,  inent, stateinent,  in  which  it  appeared  that  the  sum  so  ex expended  pended expended  already  amounted  to  134,7631.  15s.  3d.  These  are  the  links  which  bind  political  friendship  in  the  Town  Council,  and  if  we  take  them  by  bulk  their  power  must  be  great.  But  strange  to  say,  there  is  not  one  of  the  squanderers  of  this  large  sum  that  can  point  out  the  estates,  houses,  and  buildings  they  possess  !  .  They  know  as  much  about  them  as  they  do  of  the  territories  of  the  King  of  the  SandWich  Islands.  To  reform  this  state  of  things,  however,  Mr.  GLADSTONE  proposes  (supposing  the  estates  to  be  in  existence)  on  the  payment  of  a  fine,  to  convert  all  the  leasehold  into  freehold  property.  Of  the  amount  produced  by  tho  fines  he  would  apply  one-third  to  the  extin extintinguishing  tinguishing extintinguishing  of  the  Corporation  debt,  one-third  to  the  credit  of  current  expenditure,  and  one-third  for  the  purchase  of  land  in  the  environs  of  the  town,  where  the  Corporation  might  make  their  own  streets,  according  to  their  own  plans  and  width,  without  having  to  meet  the  objections  of  owners  and  the  claims  for  compensation.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  next  goes  on  to  estimate  the  value  of  the  leasehold  property  of  the  Corporation,  which  he  sets  down  at  two  or  three  millions;  and  at  1  per  cent.  he  calculates  on  a  return  of  £20,000  from  his  plans  ;  but  he  spoke  with  great  caution.  We  are  disposed,  however,  to  think  that  4  per  cent.  would  be  nearer  the  mark,  and  that,  instead  of  £20,000,  the  income  arising  from  the  sources  to  which  he  alluded,  would  be  £BO,OOO  annually.  This  large  revenue  coming  from  this  great  un 'unknown'  source  would  be  a  prodigious'  relief  to  the  over-burthened  ratepayers  of  the  Borough.  The  speaker  next  directed  attention  to  the  Church  of  the  Corporation.  On  this  sub subject  ject subject  Mr.  GLADSTONE  made  these  apposite  remarks  :  It  is  unfortunately  the  case  that  the  Corporation  Churches,  after  giving  credit  for  the  very  small  amount  of  rent  received,  cost  something  like  £3,400  per  annum.  Now,  I  think  those  churches  might  be  disposed  of.  The  appointments  are  gone.  Perhaps  you  would  ask,  who  would  buy  a  number  of  churches  which  are  bringing  you  into  debt  each  year  ?  But  •  I  have  faith  in  the  manage management  ment management  of  private  individuals  over  public  bodies,  who  are  generally  imposed  upon,  and  I  think  if  these  .churches  were  once  disposed  of—and  at  present  they  are  an  eyesore  to  almost  every  one  who  knows  anything  about  them—l  think  it  would  be  a  happy  circumstance  for  the  Now  if  we  pause  for  moment  to  take  a  retrospective  glance  at  the  diversified,  comprehensive,  and  prac practical  tical practical  character  of  the  speeches  of  Mr.  EARLE  and  Mr.  GLADSTONE,  both.  the  necessity  and  propriety  of  sending  such  men  into  the  council,  must  be  admitted  even  by  their  greatest  political  and  municipal  opponents.  In  a  word,  the  speeches  to  which  we  have  devoted  so  much  of  our  space,  would  be  no  disgrace  to  either  houses  of  parlia parliament,  ment, parliament,  and  the  verdict  of  the  public  will  be  ita  est  THERE  are  a  few  individuals  in  this  country  whose  hearts  are  really  too  large  for  their  bodies— bodieswho  who bodieswho  would  reform  every  abuse,  and  make  all  nations  conform  to  their  precise  ideas  on  politics  and  religion  men  who  would  turn  this  waste  earth  into  a  beauteous  paradise,  and  perform  any  good  work,  provided  it  could  be  accomplished  by  a  We  give  them  full  credit  for  good  intentions  ;  but  as  to  their  practical  wisdom  and  consistency,  the  less  that  is  said  about  them  the  better.  That  newly-formed  body,  the  Protestant  has  just  held  a  meeting,  in  London,  for  the  purpose  of  memorialising  the  Government  on  the  aspect  of  Popery  abroad,  especially  with  regard  to  the  persecution  of  British  subjects  in  foreign  Lord  SHAFTESBURY  and  Sir  CULLING  EARDLEY  were  the  lions  of  the  occasion  ;  and,  as  our  readers  may  have  anticipated,  there  was  a  great  display  of  vapid  oratory,  to  which  the  senti sentiment  ment sentiment  of  VOLTAIRE  may  not  inaptly  be  applied  :--  A  terrible  thing  that  so  much  time  should  be  wasted  in  talking  However,  the  whole  affair  wound  up  by  the  adoption  of  a  Memorial  to  Lord  CLARENDON,  calling  upon  him  to  redress  the  numerous  grievances  of  which  they  complained  ;  and  there  is  no  doubt  whatever  but  that  the  same  will  receive,  upon  presentation,  a  most  polite,  dignified,  and  ministerial  response.  But  we  should  like  to  know  who  constituted  those  gentlemen  guardians  of  their  Protestant  countrymen  abroad  ?  We  always  thought  that  we  paid  a  FOREIGN  SECRETARY  and  Ambassadors  for  the  purpose,  and  that  whenever  a  foreign  nation  committed  any  ontrage  upon  a  British  subject,  immediate  redress  and  satisfaction  were  demanded.  But  it  does  not  appear  as  if  our  governmental  arrangements  were  complete  or  efficient,  and  that  it  became  necessary  for  a  self selfformed  formed selfformed  clique  to  assume  the  reins  of  power.  Really  those  gentlemen  would  require  a  Secretary  for  Foreign  affairs  all  to  themselves.  There  is  little  doubt  but  that  he  would  have  more  work  than  he  could  ever  get  through,  even  supposing  each  day  were  forty-eight  hours  long.  We  do  not  deny  that  the  laws  of  Tuscany  are  intolerant—that  those  of  Portugal  and  Spain  are  no  better,  if  they  are  not  worse  —that  they  boar  very  stringently  upon  what  Englishmen  consider  their  inalienable  rights,  —and.  moreover,  that  they  ought  to  be  either  con considerably  siderably considerably  modified  or  altogether  repealed.  But,  on  the  other  hand,  we  must  bear  in  mind  that  those  countries  are  professedly  Roman  Catholic,  and  that  the  same  obligation  rests  upon  their  several  governments  to  uphold  that  system  of  religion  by  all  lawful  means,  as  upon  our  own  to  maintain  inviolable  the  Established  faith.  Nor  do  we  see  how  great  blame  can  be  attached  to  those  governments  as  long  as  the  interests  of  Church  and  State  are  bound  up  together.  English  law  is  decidedly  more  liberal  and  tolerant  ;  but  it  must  not  be  forgotten  that  the  penal  statutes  for formerly  merly formerly  enforced,  both  against  Catholics  and  Dis  seaters,  could  not  well  be  rivalled  in  atrocity  by  the  codes  of  foreign  nations.  ,  The  Memorial  complains  of  the  revival  of  old  penal  laws  by  the  governments  of  Tuscany  and  Portugal.  But  how  can  any  reasonable  man  wonder  at  it?  Has  not  England  herself  set  the  example?  Has  not  our  Legislature  created  new  penal  enact enactments,  ments, enactments,  and  put  them  in  force  too,  against  the  establishment  of  a  Catholic  hierarchy  ?  Has  it  not  forbid  Catholic  ecclesiastics  and  religious  orders  from  appearing  publicly  in  the  streets  wearing  any  in insignia  signia insignia  of  their  respective  orders  ?  Have  not  motions  been  repeatedly  and  perseveringly  brought  into  the  Senate  for  the  purpose  of  violating  the  privacy  of  convents,  and  annulling  the  dearest  privilege  of  the  Constitution,  an  Englishman's  house  is  his  castle  In  what  country  of  the  world  do  we  meet  with  such  rampant  and  insolent  bigotry  ?  Do  we  not  hear  it  on  the  public  platform—view  it  chalked  upon  the  walls  of  our  streets—and  even  tolerate  it  from  the  pulpit  ?  What  just  cause,  then,  have  we  of  complaint,  if  Continental  countries  take  a  page  out  of  our  own  book  ?  Let  us,  at  all  events,  be  without  sin,  ere  we  throw  the  first  stone  !  Let  those  gentlemen  who  are  so  desirous  of  abolishing  tyrannical  enactments  abroad,  first  of  all  endeavour  to  obtain  more  toleration  at  home.  Let  them  first  pluck  the  beam  out  of  their  own  eye.  What  ?We  enact  penal  statutes  against  Catholics,  and  we  complain  that  other  countries  enact  the  same  against  us.  We  forbid  a  Jew  from  taking  his  seat  in  Parliament,  because  he  cannot  conscientiously  swear  upon  the  true  faith  of  'a  Christian  and  yet  we  rave  and  rant  about  liberty  of  conscience,  and  the  rights  of  man—and  are  loud  in  declaiming  against  the  GIUND  DUKE  of  Tuscany  !  When  shall  we  be  shamed  into  consistency  ?  Some  of  the  reformed  religionists  of  Great  Britain  having,  in  vain,  strived  to  bring  about  union  among  themselves,  have  fortunately  found  a  grand  rallying  the  Papal  aggression  and  changing  their  soubriquet  have  assumed  the  defensive.  Those  valiant  champions  of  the  faith  regard  with  no  jealous  eye  the  workings  of  Jesuitical  moles;  and  like  the  nervous  fancy  they  escry  danger  on  every  side.  And  'twould  be  hard  to  convince  them  otherwise.  We  know  all  things  seem  yellow  to  a  jaundiced  and  that  within  the  whole  pharmacopeia  no  remedy  can  be  found  to  suit  the  phases  of  monomaniacal  distempers.  But  really  Catholic  nations  have  more  to  fear  from  English  fanaticism  than  we  have  from  theirs.  One  society  labours  to  effect  a  revolution  in  the  laws—another  to  overthrow  the  faith  of  continental  nations  !  How  should  we  tolerate  such  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  on  the  part  of  the  zealous  propagandists  of  Catholic  France  or  priest-ridden  Italy  ?  This  sectarian  spirit  is  highly  condemnable.  It  is  productive  of  the  most  fatal  results.  It  sets  nation  against  nation—people  against  people—and  effectually  destroys  that  international  good  feeling  which  even  commercial  and  political  policy  should,  for  obvious  reasons,  sedulously  cultivate.  We  hope  LORD  CLARENDON  will  teach  such  a  seasonable  lesson  to  those  bellicose  representatives  of  religious  as  his  distinguished  colleague  did  to  the  Presbytery  of  Edinburgh.  Am  - STYLE=superscript  DE/vv.—Yesterday,  James  Morgan,  a  hawker,  while  walking  from  Crosby  to  Liverpool,  slipped  down  and  frac fractured  tured fractured  his  leg.  He  is  now  in  the  Northern  Hospital.  FIRES.—The  two  fires  mentioned  in  our  yesterday's  im impressfon,  pressfon, impressfon,  were  duly  extinguished,  without  doing  any  material  damage.  THE  VALDiviA.---The  Pacific  Steam-ship  Navigation  Company's  ship  Valdivia  sailed  from  this  port  yesterday.  She  had  on  board  59  passengers,  and  30,000  dollars  of  specie,  for  Valparaiso.  MANCHESTER  AND  SALFORD  ASYLUM  FOR  FEMALE  PENT PENTTENTs..—Yesterday,  TENTs..—Yesterday, PENTTENTs..—Yesterday,  the  annual  meeting  of  the  subscribers  and  friends  of  the  above  institution  was  held  in  the  Town  Hall,  Ring-street,  Manchester,  when  there  was  a  very  numerous  attendance  of  ladies  and  gentlemen.  Several  reso resolutions  lutions resolutions  in  favour  of  the  objects  of  the  society  were  agreed  to.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
