text
"GENEAAL  OPEN-AIR  MEETING  A  general  meeting  of  the  unemployed  was  convened  in  the  Orchard  at  half-past  two  this  afternoon.  As  usual,  there  was  a  very  large  attendance—Mr.  Waddington,  of  Preston,  presiding.  Mr.  COWELL,  after  some  introductory  remarks,  continued  thus  :  There  has  been  a  great  deal  said  in  reference  to  our  reports,  in  reference  to  our  honeity  and  our  integrity.  We  have  now  a  portion  of  the  press  attempting,  to  the  utmost  of  its  ability  and  power,  to  shake  the  confidence  of  the  people  in  their  leaders.  They  know  full  well,  that  if  they  can  in induce  duce induce  the  people  to  form  a  baZ  opinion  of  those  why  stand  high  in  their  estimation  at  prestnt,  they  will  accomplish  their  object.  In  reply  to  the  calumnies  which  have  been  promulgated,  I  beg  to  say,  that  if  there  is  any  gentleman  in  this  assembly  who  will  have  the  kindness  to  come  forward  and  audit  the  two  reports  I  now  hold  in  my  hand,  to  which  special  reference  has  been  made,  he  shall  have  ten  sovereigns  for  his  trouble,  if  he  can  show  that  the  funds  are  not  ac accounted  counted accounted  for  in  a  proper  and  systematic  manner.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  a  full  examination  of  the  balance  sheets  shows  that  the  working  expenses,  however,  exceeded  81  per  cent.  And,:  let  me  tell  this  respectable  meeting,  that  were  it  not  for  our  printing  expenses,  these  reports  costing  £4O  every  week,  I  have  been  to  several  towns  during  the  week,  •  and  I  hive  heard  resolutions  passed  to  the  effect  that  the  operatives  of  those  towns  are  determined,  to  the  utmost  of  their  ability  and  power,  to  support  Preston,  whilst  you  are  determined  to  stand  true  to  your  committee  and  to  them.  They  feel.  the  vast  responsibility  resting  upon  their  shoulders  as  well  as  the  vast  responsibility  attaching  to  yourselves.  They  are•  perfectly  cognizant  of  the  fact  that  a  vast  amount  of  suffer suffering,  ing, suffering,  privation,  and  misery,  is  being  endured  in  Preston,  and  they  are  doing  all  they  possibly'  can  in  order  to  alleviate  that  suffering  and  privation.  In  almost  every  town  throughout  the  manufacturing  districts,  they  are  determined  that  you  shall  have  either  a  Christmas  gift  or  a  new  year's  gift.  In  all  probability,  the  receipts  to-morrow  week  will  far  exceed  those  of  any  former  week.  -  All  that  .  is  required  on  your  part  is,  that  you  should  put  up  for  a  little  while  with  these  privations.  A  good  time  is  coming—you  may  depend  unon  it.  No  great  prize  was  ever  won,  but  some  have  had  to  suffer  for  it.  Your  ancestors  suffered  before  you.  You  who  are  prepared  to  play—who  are  prepared  to  li  ve  u  p  on  the  union  allowance,  small  as  it  may  be,  and  to  wage  war  with  the  manufacturers  until  an  unconditional  10  per  .  ;  cent.  is  awarded  to  you—hold  up  your  hands,  and  don't  put  them  up  unless  your  heart  and  soul  go  with  them.  (The  response  was  unanimous  and  followed  by  cheers.)  LMr.  BA..xn.NDALs  stated,  that  trade  had  been  gradually  improving  each  week  for  the  last  three  weeks.  Large  orders  were  coming  in  from  India  and  China,  and  there  was  scarcely  any  cloth  to  meet  them.  The  consequence  was,  that  it  was  getting  up  in  price.  That  was  encouragement  for  them  to  persevere  in  this  movement.  If  they  were  kept  out  of  work  for  two  months  longer,  cloth  would  get  up,  so  that  it  would  be  their  duty  to  demand  an  advance  of  20  per  cept.  instead  of  10.  (Cheers.)  MEETING  OF  CARD-ROOM  HANDS.  The  card-rom  hands  held  a  meeting  this  afternoon,  in  the  Temperance-hall  ;  and  after  several  delegates  had  delivered  addresses,  pledged  themselves  to  persevere  in  this  struggle,  ErsT  AND  4'  ii  ExpEsT  sT4  K  or  .  \v  - STYLE=superscript  I  NT  Er  001'S  in  LIV.ERI'4  lot  „  :it  Ny  nt.  - STYLE=superscript  EA  I;  I.  „  m  i  .  '4  1,,5,  :)!)  aml  61,  1  , STYLE=superscript  '4  II:  1►  sTitEri  STEAfI  CONEMCS  RATION  A,,NI)  THE  -A:  NI  CM('  vext,  says  a  Belfast  paper,  will  be  ol)sorvod  :IS  a  gon,  , STYLE=superscript  ra  . STYLE=superscript  ,  holiday,  the  Belfast  and  flectwood  st,amers  will  not  ,ail.  The  Telegraph  will  not  sail  for  Liverpool,  nor  the  Vulcan  for  Morecambe,  on  that  day,  but  will  next  day.  P3_TB00147 tb°  red  .1.  and  their  Utopian  colleagues  :  •  •  'As  strong  aa'reVengeor  tiny  other  paSsion  in  the  human  heart  is  the  passion  of  war,  QuakerS,  Cot  dens,  Brights,  Mialls,  and  other  cowards  tell  you  tilt  it  is  the  easiest  thing  in  the  world  to  strangle  mams  martial  propensities,  to  emasculate  him,  to  change  him.  into  a  peaceable  Eunuch  ready  to  lick  -the  feet  of  ferocious  Czars.  They-  issue  silly  tracts,  and:they  babble  their  silly  speeches,  and  they  try  to•feed  us  all  on  tapioca.  •  But  whatever  is  noblest  ;*1  us,  revolts  against  their  debasing  .doctrines..  Our  most  . STYLE=superscript  .rritio.llS  are  evercloSely  en entwined  twined entwined  with  our  . STYLE=superscript  military  instincts.  -  Jr  •  necessary  to  reason  on'  the  subject,  it  would  be  easy'_  to  show  how  much'  of  fire  - STYLE=superscript  War  gives  to  patriotism,  how  much  . STYLE=superscript  of  chivalry  to  character,  how  much  of  variety  and  energy  to  civilisation.  Bui  for  present  purposes  no-argument  is  required.  It  is  simply  necessary  to  point  to  the  fact  that  the  pugnacious  tendency  is  an  indestructible  element  in  Human  Nature,  and  is  as  little  the*  invention  of  great  warriors  as  religion  is'  of  priests,  or  the  appetite  for  food  of  cooks.  What  right  have  these  ;  peace-folks  to  cut  and  carve  Human  Nature  in  the  fashion  they  do  ?  Why  do  they  not  get'  an  act  of  parliament  passed,  dethroning  God  for  making  sharks,  crocodiles,  and  boa-constrictors  Why  do  they  wish  the  privilege  of  cutting  throats  limited  to  their  beloved  Nicholas?  Why  should  England  be  the  first  to  trim  and  twaddle  ,  into  a  milksop  ?  Away  with  such  craven  slang.  We  can  dispense_  with  their  free  'trade  in  broad,  if  they  will  not  let  us  have  -  free  trade.  in'  bayonets.  If  the  newspapers  are  sold  to'the  stockjobbers,  and  if  the  stockjobbers  are  greater  'serfs  -  to  Nicholas  than  those  he  has  in  his  own  dominions,  we,  the  people,  have  Surely  some  of  old'  England's  spirit  and  old  England's  pith  left  yet.  If  we  have'  not,  I  care  not  heiV  soon  'Cossacks  are  dashing  along  under  the  shadow  of  Saint  Paul's;  in  which  case:l  should  go  and  see  how  braVe  men  can  fight:and  brave  men  can  die  in  He  further  speaks  of  individualism  with  refe reference  rence reference  to  nationality  .  .  '  l STYLE=superscript  '  Not  lea's  than  to  war  does  indivichialisin  do  homage  to  nationality._  Nothing  so,natt  .  i,ral  as,  the  family;  and  nation_  is  simply  ,  the  family  ,  de  7  tel  Oped,  to  be  field  ,as  sacred,  therefore,  as  the  fainily,  and  as  valiantlydefended.  Who  does  not  owe  much  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  sanctity  and  the.  love  that  made  the  paternal  hearth  soft  and  sweet  as  odorous  breezes,  but  impregnable  as  a  wall  of  mountain  precipices  ?  Who  has  not  had  some  grand  virtue  - STYLE=superscript  nourished  in  Win  by  the  memory  of  home,  when  long  and  weary  years,  and  a  thousand  leagues  of  howling  waved  lay  between  him  and  that  paradise  of  hie  child childhood  hood childhood  ?  And  what  is  the  fatherland  but  an  enlarged  hoine—the  home  of  thirty  millions  of  brothers  and  sisters  ?  And  are  we  to  believe  the  charlatans  wlid  tell  us  that  as  war  is  the  worst  of  crimes,  nationality  is  the  most  foolish  of  dreams?  Shall  we  not  still  continue  to  think  that  the  shores  and  the  valleys  of  our  country  are  dearer  and  more  beautiful  than  the  shores  and  the  valleys  of  all  the  world  besides  ?  But  these  persons  who  -affect  to  speak  with  such.  contempt  'of  Nationality,  are  the  same  who  force  so  many  of  our  unforGunat,o  teILOW-tuLiztulS  Lo  IlVe  in  dark,  damp,  putrid  dwellings,  steaming  with  filth  and  pestilence,  while  they  are  baWling  and  sub subscribing  scribing subscribing  at  Exeter-hall  to  convert  Hottentots;  Patti Pattigonians,  gonians, Pattigonians,  and  It  will  at  once  be  seen  that  Mr.  Maccall  con condemns  demns condemns  what  he  conceives  to  be  wrong,  or  injustice,  with  no  sparing  hand.  So  generous  and  . STYLE=superscript  deVoted  s'  disciple  of  the  True,  he  abhors  the  False  ;  and,  like  another  David,  hurls  'the  sling  and  stone  of  fervent  denunciation  against  the  Golialis  of  Pro Progress,  gress, Progress,  Whether  iri  Russia,  or  elsewhere.  We  com commend  mend commend  him  for  his  daring,  honest,  and  outspoken  spirit;  -  Were  there  many  such'  men,  the  world  would  be  the  better.  We  shall  close  this  - STYLE=superscript  notice  of  Mr.  Maccall's  pam pamphlet  phlet pamphlet  by  the  following  brief  but  graphic  description  of  France  and  its  manners  -  The  French  are  a  great  and  gallant  people  :  none  so  willing  to  admit  that  as  I;  but  they  are  not  a  poetic  or  original  people.  They  are  satisfied  if  they  can  put  the  stamp  of  'fashion  on  whatever  they  approach,  but  with  the  essence  of  things  they  do  not  bother  themaelves  much.  They  have  more  ingenuity  than  talent,  more  talent  than  genius  ;  and  though  in  their  epic  moments,  their  revolutionary  outbursts,  there  is  no  nation  so  stupendous  and  imposing  ;  yet,.  in  their  normal  existence,  they  are  satisfied  if  they  can  make-.women  all  over  Europe  wear  'pre 'preposterous  posterous 'preposterous  bonnets,  liker  fat  and  dropsical  pigtails,  than  anything  'else;  and  the  men  preposterous  trowsers,  which  look  as  if  the  wearers  had  stolen  the  coverlets  of  patches  made  by'  their  grand  mothers,  cut  them  with  a  carving  knife,  and  pastod  the  shreds  with  treacle  into  Siamese  twin  There,  reader,  what  do  you  think  of  that  ?  Does  it  not  equal  anything  in  &#34;Thackeray's  Lectures  In  the  case  of  the  Maitlands  and  the  Gloucester,  Aberyst Aberystwith  with Aberystwith  and  Central  Wales  Railway,  the  Lords  Justices  have  decreed  for  £40,878  against  Maitland  the  elder,  and  for  £20,046  13s.  8d  against  Maitland  the  younger.  In  the  appeal  case  of  Bryson,  and  the  Warwick  and  Bir Birmingham  mingham Birmingham  Canal  Navigation  Company,  the  Lords  Justices  have  dismissed  the  appeal  with  costs.  Mr.  G.  V.  Brooke,  the  eminent  tragedian,  has  distributed  among  the  poor  of  all  persuasions  in  'Belfast,  upwards  of  1-30  pairs  of  blankets  through  the  clergy  of  the  town  of  all  the  churches.  It  is  Mr.  Brooke's  habit  to  offer  a  similar  benefaction  each  Christmas  to  the  poor  of  tho  town  in  which  he  happens  to  be  located.  CI  itimus  GIFTS,—A  benevolence  originating  with  Mr.  H.  Neil,  Surgeon,  who  has  had  in  the  establishment  of  it  valuable  aid  and  co-operation  from  Mr.  R.  C.  Gardner  was  yesterday  manifested  in  Abercromby  Ward.  Upon  that  occasion  about  80  tons  of  coal  were  distributed  by  the  con conservative  servative conservative  committee  of  the  ward  through  Mr.  Christian  to  nearly  300  of  the  old  and  poor  inhabitants.  A-  private  letter  from  Madrid  mentions  that  a  duel  has  taken  place  between  the  Marquis  de  Turgot  (the  French  ambassador  at  that  Court)  and  Mr.  Soule  (son  of  the  Ameri American  can American  Minister).  M.  de  Turgot  was  severely  wounded.  'rho  cause  of  quarrel  is  not  stated.  —London  _Paper.  [The  cause  of  quarrel  is  known.  M.  Turgot  made  some  observation  on  the  dress  worn  by  his  antagonist's  mother,  in  Mr.  Soule's  hearing,  on  which  the  latter  struck  him.]  Mr.  Charles  Lowcock,  of  London-road,  has  perhaps  the  best  display  of  meat  in  that  locality.  The  Galloways  fed  by  Mr.  Tenant  and  Mr;  Marshall;  of  Kirkcudbright Kirkcudbrightshire,  shire, Kirkcudbrightshire,  the  Cheviot  wethers  - STYLE=superscript  by  Mr.  R.  Neilson,  the  four fouryear  year fouryear  heifer  by  Mr.  R.  Willis'  and  a  ig  weighing  17  score,  fed  by  Mr.  W.  Proctor,  of  West  Derby.  The  lamb  fed  by  Mr.  Lowcock,  ar  e  all  most  excellent  specimens.  CAUTION  To  LADIES.—A  respectably  dressed,  lady-like  woman  - STYLE=superscript  on  the  shady  side  but  with  considerable  pretensions  to  those  qualities  which  tradition  assigns  to  the  never-dying  widow  of  that  blissful  age,  was  charged  at  police-office,  yesterday,  by  revenue  officers  Dodd  and  Har Harford,  ford, Harford,  with,  in  the  first  instance,  attempting  to  smuggle,  and,  secondly,  with  destroying  a  Queen'  s  seizure  —i  n  other  words,  a  quart  of  precious  Irish  whiskey,  of  that  superlative  quality,  alas!  that  a  head-ache  could  not  b  e  found  in  gallons  of  it--undcr  the  following  circumstances  :  When  the  Iron  'reached  the  landing-stage  on  her  trip  from  Dublin,  the  prosecutors  observed  the  defendant,  who  gave  her  name  as  Mrs.  Jane  Smith,  anxious  to  prevent  sonic  of  her  luggage  being  examined.  One  of  the  officers  accordingly  followed  her  to  the  cabin  whither  she  had  retreated,  but  found  nothing  in  her  possession.  But  when  she  landed  and  was  waiting  in  the  shed  for  the  omnibus,  he  then  observed  something  sus suspiCintudy  piCintudy suspiCintudy  bulky  under  her  arm.  Ile  attempted  to  seize  it,  but  quick  as  ttfought  the  lady  anticipated'  him,  and  hurling  the  bottle  (fore  quart  bottle  it  on  the  fira  (it  imr imrrowli  rowli imrrowli  grazmg  in  its  flight,  the  watchman's  head)  smashed  it  inn,  thousand!bits—the  diving  spirit  which  it  Contained  commingling  with  the  flames.  It  was,  intended  for,  Mr.  Smith,  (so  the  lady  said)  and,  in  truth,  we  deeply  sympa sympathise  thise sympathise  with  him  on  his  loss.  Mrs.  Smith  was  !fined  12s,  or,  itLdefatAt,  to  be  imprisoned  fog  tiggp  RATHER  LATE  IN  THE  DATE.-  Two  bellicose  gentlemen  of  -the  county  Clare,  bearing  the  respec respectively  tively respectively  un-English  cognomen  of  O'Donnel  and  Burke  were  arrested  a  few  days  ago,  when  on  the  point  of  fighting  a  duel.  Another  sectarian  riot  •  took  place  in  Kilkenny  a  few  'dai=s  ago,  when  the  were  with  difficulty  rescued  from  the  hands  of  the  mob.  MR  SADLEIR  AGAIN  !—A  conditional  order  for  an  attachmet,  bearing  date  the  .15th  December,  has  . STYLE=superscript  issued  against  John  Sadleir,  Esq.,  M  P.,  to  compel  Elie  plyment  of  the  purchase-money  of  the  portions  the  Glengall  estate  bought  by  him  on  the  •  11th  Nniromhpr  last_  in  tlica  ineurnboroci  Efitftte,,  being  to  the  amount  of  .E  7,970,  of  which•  has  been:  paid  in.  Mr.  Sa  - STYLE=superscript  dleir  pu'rchased  those  estates  in  trust  for  - STYLE=superscript  others;  and  not  on  his  own  account.  •  The  - STYLE=superscript  Athatross  screw  steamer,  from  Liverpool  to  •  LiSten;  with  a  - STYLE=superscript  general  cargo;  was  compelled  to  put  into  QueenstdWn  on  Tuesday,  haring  sustained  in  the  gale,  and  being  short  of  coal.  She  .  proceeded  to  Cork  to  refit,  and  was  expected  to  be  ready  to  sail  again  on  Friday,  or  this  clay,  D4RELICT  VESSEL  -  AND  CARGO.—The  schooner  Elizabeth,  with  a,  cargo  of  200  tons  of  sugar,  bound  to  Liverpool  from  Southampton,  was  abandoned  by  the  captain,  mate,  and  crew,  off  . STYLE=superscript  the  Old  Head  of  Kinsale,  on  .Monday  evening,  in  a  disabled  state.  The  vessel  had  sustained  considerable  injury  in  the  gales  of  Saturday  and  Sunday,  having  lost  her  foremost,  main-top-mast,  and  bowsprit;  besides  damages  to  the  hull,  which  induced  those  on  board  her  to  believe  she  would  strike  off  the  Old  Head.  She  was  fallen  in  with  by  a  Queenstown  pilot  cutter,  and  subsequently  the  Eagle  steamer  was  dispatched  to  her  assistance.  The  schooner  was  then  towed  into  Queenstown,  where  she  arrived  yesterday  morning.  The  captain,  mate  and  crew,  after  - STYLE=superscript  abandoning  the  vessel,  got  ashore  at  Kin Kinsale,  sale, Kinsale,  whence  they  proceeded  to  Queenstown  and  arrived  yesterday.  The  value  of  the  cargo  was  between  .15,000  and  £16,000..  The  - STYLE=superscript  Chief  Secretary  for  Ireland,  Sir  John  Young,  has  arrived  in  Cor4  on  a  tour  inspection  into  the  Condition  of  the  convict  prisons.  MARRIAGE.  —ln  Belfast  Captain  Barron  Stanton,  91st  Regiment  to  Miss  Henry,  daughter  of  the  Reverend  the  President  of  Queen's  Coll  o  ecre,  Belfast.  -  ALLEGED  MURDER.---,WO  have  heard  it  rumoured  that  a  murder  of  a  wife  by  her  husband  took  place  on  Thursday  night,  in  the  vicinity  of  Antrim,  under  circumstances  of  a  distressing!  nature.  The  rumoured  murderer  was,  'for  several,  years,  an  inhabitant  of  B  e  lf  as  t  .  —N  orthern  Whig.  There  was  a  meeting  and  subscription  for  the  Flee  Church  Manse  fund  in  Dungannon  last  week,  and  £240  collected.  Dispatches  were  received  at  the  Colonial  -office  on  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  morning  from  the  governor  of  Bermuda.  Dispatches  were  sent  off  the  same  evening  to  Hong  Kong,  Malta,  and  the  lonian  Islands.  CHRIST-IMS  FOR  THE  POOR.—A  gratifying  sight  took  place  this  morning  at  the  soup  kitchen,  in  Ham-yard,  St.  James's.  The  committee  of  that  institution  having  deter determined  mined determined  to  give  to  the  really  deserving  poor  a  dinner  to  cele celebrate  brate celebrate  the  return  of  the  most  auspicious  festival,  and  their  benevolent  intentions  having  been  most  charitably  seconded  by  the  nobility  and  gentry,  they  were  enabled  to  carry  out  their  philanthropic  object  to  the  fullest  extent.  The  dis distribution  tribution distribution  of  food  commenced  accordingly  at  nine  this  morn morning,  ing, morning,  which  consisted  of  41bs.  of  roasting  meat,  21bs.  of  pudding,  half  a  quartern  loaf,  and  -2  oz  of  tea,  Scaz-Globe  of  Saturday.  A  dreadful  malaria  prevails  at  Clapham,  arising  from  the  accumulation  of  foetid  substances  on  the  road.  On  Friday  last,  a  smith  named  May  obtained  XlOO  damages  from  the  Eastern  Counties  railway,  for  injury  sustained  by  his  wife  while  travelling  on  the  line.  SCOTTISH  LAW  !—  On  Thursday,  Bth  instant,  the  sheriff  of  Mid  Lothian  decided  that  elder  brothers  were  bound  to  support  their  younger  brothers  and  sisters,-who  are  unable  to  support  themselves.  The  same  decision  also  bore  that  children  were  legally  bound  to  support  their  parents.—North  Bri  isle  Mail.  CHOLERA.  —The  cases  reported  in  the  city  parish,  from  Thursday  night  till  Friday  night,  consisted  of  8,  3  of  which  proved  fatal.  These  were  a  man  and  two  women,  one  of  the  latter  having  died  in  the  hospital.  The  cases  reported  to  the  barony  parish  within  the  -same  time  were  four.  One  patient  was  last  night  in-a  state  of  collapse,  one  was  recovering,  and  a  third  had  died.  We  have  no  reports  of  any  cases  having  oc occurred  curred occurred  oa  the-south  side  of  the  river.-=North  British  Mail.  On  Saturday  morning  last,  a  journeyman  tailor,  named  Andison,  was  found  lying  on  the  Glasgow  and  South  Western  railway,  at  Annan,  in  a  dreadfully  -mangled  state.  He  had  been  intoxicated  the  previous  evening,  and  is  supposed  to  have  wandered  upon  -the  line,--and  been  run  over  by  the  night  goods  train..  He  died  the  same  afternoon.  BOARD  OF  TRADE  NOTICES.—Friday  night's  Garette  con-  I STYLE=superscript  ta  ins  notifications  that  a  French  Imperial  decree,  dated  the  14th  inst,  has  been  received,  by  which  Chinese  crape  shawls  ,are-temporarily  admitted  into  France  free  of  duty,  un  d  er  !the  regulations  set  forth  in  the  said  decree.  Also  a  dispatch.  'from  Her  Majesty's  Consul  at  Paraiba,  reporting  the  re  -  I STYLE=superscript  ctindins  of  the  dec  ree  w  hi  c  h  prohibited'  the  re-exportation  l STYLE=superscript  of.forergn  goods  from  that  province,  and  the  permission  of  such  re-exportation  on  payment  of  the  transit  dues.  Also  a  dispatch  from  Her  Majesty's  Charge  d'Affaires  at  Naples,  transmitting  a  translation  of  the  new  quarantine  regulations  paned  by  the  Neapolitan  Board  of  Health  Likewise  a  dis disotttrh  otttrh disotttrh  from  Her  Majesty's  Consul-General  at  Guatemala,  en enclosing  closing enclosing  a  communieation  announcing  that  the  custom  house  'at  that  po  r  t  h  as  b  een  removed  to  San  Jose,  and  the  closing  I STYLE=superscript  ')f  the  port  of  Iztapam.  And  a  dispatch  from  Her  Majesty's  'Vtiee-Consul  at  Buenos  Ayres,  enclysing  a  decree  of  the  government  of  Buenos  Ayres  for  opening  the  port  of  San  Nitelaa,Aat  the  Parana,  to  general  tradet  from.the-l§th  of  4ulti  The  friends  who  happened  to  enjoy  the  •  confi confidential  dential confidential  intercourse  of  Moore  in  private,  life  were  well  aware,  that  what,  particularly  dissuaded  hith  from  seeking  the  honours  of  the  bar,  which  he  had  much  coveted,  was  the  aiiprehension  that  his  poetical  fame,  rather  than  •  his  diminutive  size,  would  fatally  obstruct  his  advancement.  The  cautious  solicitor  would  be  shy  of  trusting  to,  it  barrister,  whose  head  was  crowned  with  a  chaplet  I  lanrel,  like  the  bard  of  Erin's,  with  a  heavy  brief  in  an  important  cause.  Yet  experience  soon  proved_  for  an  .adventurous  lawyer,  at  the  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  sessions,  that  his  Greek  and  Roman  pro profusions,  fusions, profusions,  albeit  well  known  in  Lancashire,  had  .only:  - STYLE=superscript  tended  to  confer  additional  luStre  o  n  hi  s  forensic  abilities.  While  his  fame  had  gone  before  him,  the  merchant  princes  of  this  magnifi magnificent  cent magnificent  town,  as  if  - STYLE=superscript  they  'designed  to  bestew  especial  honor  on  the  son  of  their  commercial  brother,  received  him  With  more  than  their  .  accustomed  hospitality.  His  convivial  accomplishments  lent  a  sort  of  fascination  to  his  society.,  - STYLE=superscript  that  was  perfectly  irresistible,  and  he  was  ,  welcomed  ,everywhere  with  intense  cordiality.  Amongst  his  brethren  at  'Abe  bar,.  in  like'  manner,  though  a  Straner,  •hiS  ,:characterhad  rendered  him  thoreughlynceeptable;  .and  it  was  soon  =  apparent  'Viet'  `tire  k  - STYLE=superscript  neither'  felt  nor  obServed  Al  '  trejudiceW  of  'Bo'lintrY,  nor  the  distinctions  of  creed.  His  _whole  .mind,  which  14  the  Way,  seem  have  been  •  a  - STYLE=superscript  lniw-;t  instinctively  legal,  was  now  devOted  to  hiS  practice  and  his  powers'  of  application,'  notwithstanding  the  blart  dishments  of  the  table,  were  immense.  His  pr  o  f  lessiorial  duties-  as  an  advocate,  appeared  to  come  itS  easy  to  him  as  the  robe  he  wore  ;  and  thd  salient  and  technical  points  of  his  briefs,  •were  caught  with  an.  apprehension  that  would  do  credit  to  a  more  experienced  age.  His  barque  was  nori  .  indeed  ,steadily  before  the'  breeze.  He  was  made  serjeant"
