text
"NOTICE  The  Proprietors  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  have  now  completed  their  arrangements  for  securing  the  delivery  of  the  paper  at  the  following  places  every  morning,  at,  or  before  eight  o'clock.  BIRKENHEAD  WOODSIDE  TRANMERE  ROCK  FERRY  WATERLOO  SEAFORTFI  I  BOOTLE  WALTON  I•EVERTON  FAIRFIELD  AIGBURTH.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake_  to_return  relected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for.  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER;  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs..  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  Raf4trit  Ritti  ATURDAY,  NOVEMBER  5,  1853  IT  is  really  sad  that  we  are  compelled  over.  ma  over  again,  with  little  or  no  respite,  to  record  deeds  _of  inhumanity—not  against  private  indi individuals'so  viduals'so individuals'so  much  as  against  public  bodies,  upon  wh°SAYPIYe  1;t1R9,45441,-1.0  of  relieving  the  wants  ihe'neee'ssitous,  and  ministering  to  the  diseases  of  the  •  corporeally  and  mentally  afflicted.  1  We  sometimes  are  disposed  to  believe,  that  much  of  our  boasted  civilisation  and  progress  consists  more  in  word  than  in  deed  ;  and  that  in  a  com community  munity community  where  such  repeated  and  heartless  cruelties  occur;  the  social  machinery  must  be  fearfully  de deranged.  ranged. deranged.  The  knowledge  of  a  disease  is  said  to  be  half  its  cure.  Let  us  hope  that  the  exposure  of  such  maladies  in  our  social  system  may  lead  to  the  immediate  application  of  the  proper  correctives,  so  that  the  body-politic  may  be'restored  to  a  morally  healthful  condition.  Oftentimes  a  medical  prac practitioner  titioner practitioner  has  to  perform  disagreeable  offices.  The  free  use  of  the  scalpel  is  frequently  necessary,  and  must  needs  be  employed,  'notwithstanding  the  feelings  of  the  operator.  Desperate  diseases  re require  quire require  desperate  remedies  ;  and  even  the  amount  of  pain  occasioned  to  the  patient  must  not  be  regarded,  as  long  as  duty  remains  to  be  fulfilled,  and  the  necessity  of  the  case  demands  this  pecu peculiar  liar peculiar  kind  of  therapeutic  treatment.  We  have  always  a  great  objection  to  summon  private  individuals,  much  less  corporate  bodies,  before  the  bar  of  public  opinion,  to  answer  to  grave  charges,  fully  substantiated,  in  order  to  receive  that  punishment  which  their  offences  deserve,  but  of  which  our  laws  do  not  always  take  cognizance.  Still,  as  private  feeling  should  ever  succumb  to  public  utility,  we  are  forced,  in  the  nature  of  things,  to  adopt  a  course  of  policy,  however  ex extremely  tremely extremely  unpleasant  to  ourselves,  yet  perfectly  essential  to  public  interests  and  social  morality.  We  only  adopt  the  precedent  of  the  physician  who  suits  the  remedy  to  the  character  of  the  disorder—looking  not  so  much  to  the  mildness  of  the  treatment  adopted  as  to  the  beneficial  end  to  be  achieved.  We  recorded  in  our  impression  of  Tuesday  last,  the  distressing  death  of  a  lunatic,  named  WILLIAM  PARSONS,  under  circumstances  of  peculiar  atrocity,  which  reflect  considerable  reproach  both  upon  a  private  gentleman  and  the  medical  officers  con connected  nected connected  with  two  of  our  London  Hospitals.  Perhaps  it  might  be  as  well  just  to  recapitulate  the  main  facts  of  the  case  :—WILLIAM  PARSONS,  a  butler  in  the  service  of  one  Squire  WOODBRIDGE,  having  exhibited  indications  of  mental  aberration,  is  quietly  despatched,  in  charge  of  a  fellow-servant,  to  London,  and  takes  up  his  temporary  abode  in  a  coffee-house,  where  lodgings  had  previously  been  taken  for  him.  Upon  ascertaining  the  mental  condition  of  his  new  lodger,  TILLEY  most  humanely  receives  him  into  his  house,  attends  to  his  neces necessities,  sities, necessities,  and  has  his  wife  brought  to  him.  The  unfortunate  man  by-and-bye  exhibits  increased  symptoms  of  mania;.  sudden  paroxysms  come  on,  and  he  becomes  wild,  and  somewhat  uncontroul-  able.  Some  one  hurries  off  to  a  disciple  of  Escu  LAPIIIS,  who  most  imprudently  prescribes  a  soporific  without  seeing  the  Patient,  and  consequently  un unable  able unable  to  understand  correctly  the  diagnosis  of  the  disease.  The  opiate,  as  might  be  expected,  instead  of  alleviating  heightens  the  disorder,  and  renders  he  wretched  maniac  more  difficult  of  manage.  He  is  then  removed  to  the  Middlesex  iospital,  a  large  building  in  the  immediate  neigh-  bourhood,  supported  by  public  benevolence,  and  where  those  suffering  from  the  most  serious  and  sudden  ills  to  which  flesh  is  are  taken  in  —and,  unfortunately,  perhaps,  done  for  Dr.  CORFE,  the  resident  medical  officer,  thinks  the  case  one  of  delirium  tremens;  and  adopts  the  old,  and,  as  we  thought,  long  discarded  regime  for  bringing  the  insane  to  their  senses  (?)  Whether  or  no  he  was  drenched  with  pharmacopceial  potations.  we  cannot  tell,  but  certain  it  is  that  no  sparing  use  was  made  of  manacles,  strait-waistcoats,  41•73  Viee  to  keep  maniacal  patients  within  bounds  !  After  four  or  five  days  imprisonment  in  a  dirty  cell  of  the  Hospital,  where  the  poor  wretch  underwent  untold  sufferings,  his  case  is  considered  either  entirely  beyond  their  treatment,  or  at  all  events  such  as  was  unfitted  for  .  that  institution,  on  the  ground  of  there  being  no  apartments  suitable  for  such  description  of  patient.  He  is  next  handed  over  to  the  tender  mercies  of  the  authorities  of  Maiylebone  Infirmary;  this  was  on  the  14th  of  October.  His  removal  to  this  place  proved  literally  going  from  bad  to  worse.  No  attention  whatever  appears  to  have  been  :shown  He  is  ma manacled  nacled manacled  it  is  true;  but  there  is  no  watch  placed  over  him;  and  he  has  been  heard  repeatedly  tumbling  about  and  falling  from  the  height  of  several  feet.  His  disorder  now  greatly  increases  ;  and  it  becomes  necessary  that  he  should  be  sent  to  Hanwell  Asylum—a  place  exclusively  apkopriated  to  the  reception  of  lunatics.  Accordingly  on  the  22nd  he  enters  this  excellent  institution,..in  a  most  ex exhausted  hausted exhausted  condition,  suffering  from.wounds,  bruises,  and  sores.  In.  this  asylum  the  mode  of  treatment  is  immediately  altered,  and  the  mild  and  soothing  effects  thereof:  are  most  potently  exhibited  both  in  the  character  .of  the  patient,  and  the  symptoms  of  his  disease,  and  within  avery  brief  period.  How However,  ever, However,  exhausted  nature  sinks—and  on  the  25th  he  ;xpires  !  Upon  the  circumstances  of  PARSON'S  case  becom becoming  ing becoming  known,  Mr.  WAKLEY,  the  Coroner,  considered  it  proper  to  hold  an  Inquest.  This  was  accordingly  done,  when  sufficient  evidence  was  adduced  to  enable  the  jury,  after  a  seven  hours'  investigation,  to  arrive  at  the  following  verdict—one  which  must  be  entirely  acquiesced  in  by  all  who  are  acquainted  with  the  atrocious  nature  of  the  case  That  the  death  of  the  said  WILLIAM  PARSONS  was  caused  by  a  mortal  exhaustion,  produced  by  bruises  on  'divers  ,rts  of  his  body,  caused  by  falls  in  an  improperly  padded  room  in  the  Marylebone  Infirmary  ;  and  the  jurors  further  say  they  consider  it  was  cruel  of  his  master,  the  said  Mr.  FREDERICK  WOODBRIDGE,  to  send  the  unfortunate  WILLIAM  PARSONS  to  Lon London,  don, London,  as  he  did,  while  the  said  WILLIAM  PARSONS  was  in  an  insane  state  of  mind;  and  they  consider  that  the  treatment  of  the  said  WILLIAM  PARSONS  in  Middlesex  Hospital  and  in  the  Marylebone  Infir Infirmary  mary Infirmary  was  not  at  all  creditable  to  the  character  of  those  It  was  rather  an  unfortunate  oversight  that  PARSONS  had  not  been  removed  to  Hanwell  Asylum  at  the  first  instance.  Had  such  been  the  case  there  is  every  reason  to  believe  that  not  only  would  his  life  have  been  spared,  but  that  his  recovery  would  ensue  ;  and  the  public  sympa sympathies  thies sympathies  would  have  been  spared  the  unpleasant  shock  they  in  consequence  have  received.  Considerable  blame  unquestionably  is  attached  to  the  conduct  of  Mr:  WOODBRIDGE,  who  certainly  should  have  made  better  arrangements  and  more  suitable  provision  for  his  unfortunate  domestic,  than  merely  packing  him  off  to  London,  and,  of  all  other  places,  depositing  him  in  a  coffee-house,  there  to  lie  at  the  mercy'  of  strangers.  Why  not  av  — STYLE=superscript  e  - STYLE=superscript  J(5  - STYLE=superscript  fie  — STYLE=superscript  in  - STYLE=superscript  the  beginning  what  had  to  be  done  in  the:end  ?  But  great  as  is  the  reproach  which  righteauilY  lies  at  the  of  . STYLE=superscript  ..the'  Aylesbury  Squire,  .greater  still'is  the  responsibility  and  op opprobrinnfthat.rest  probrinnfthat.rest opprobrinnfthat.rest  upon  :the  Medical  Authorities  and  Gtiyenioth  'of  the  Middle  Sex  Hospital  and  the  Marylebene  Infirmary.  •  Not_very  long'  since,  so  considerably  did  public  benefactions  increase,  that.  the  GOvernors  were  enabled  ,tO  _erect  a  ne  w  wing  to  th  e  former  Institution,  andextensively  beautify  the  whole  building.  And  yet  such'  a  necessary  thing  as  apadcled  room  was  unprovided  ;  anti  ( STYLE=superscript  patients  fg4Appe4mliwithout  , STYLE=superscript  a4y,  pro proper  per proper  appliances  ,  being  ready  to  suit  such  cases.  save  and  excepting  manacles  to  torture  the  un unhappy  happy unhappy  creatures  to  death.  Tell  it  not  in  Gath  THE  Bank  of  England  returns  of  last  night,  are  a  shade  - STYLE=superscript  more  favourable  than  we  anticipated.  Yet  they  are  immeasurably  short  of  what  the  public  might  have  expected;  To  increase  the  bullion  deposits  to  the  extent  of  319,4781.,  the  bank  has  been  compelled  -to  curtail  the  active  paper  circulation  of  the  country  657,690/.  ;  and  when  we  add  to  this,  the  increase  in  the  bullion  in  both  departments,'  the  aggregate  contraction  of  the  circulation  for  one  week  amounts  to  977,168/.  It  is  possible  that  a  portion  of  the  increase  shown  in  the  bullion  consists  of  some  of  the  gold  im imported  ported imported  within  the  period  the  return  embraces.  But  if  we  assume  the  whole  of  the  increase  was  drawn  from  that  source,  it  would  be  but  very  trifling,  considering  the  large  arrivals  of  specie  which  took  place  during  the  week  to  which  the  retuin  relates,  and  which  have  been  roughly  esti estimated  mated estimated  at  1,514,4541.  This  large  sum  is  composed  of  the  following  importations  :  FROM  AUSTRALIA  Oct.  24,  per  ship  . STYLE=superscript  Eagle  „  25,  „  Charlotte  Jane..  155,288  Argo  97%0,65  FROM  THE  UNITED  STATES.  Oct.  22,  per  ship  America  98,389  „  26,  „  Baltic  „  26,  „  Arabia  243,000  541,38(  Total  imported  ...  Deduct  gold  exported  1,514,454  200,000  Total  X  1,314,454  „  This  total,  owing  to  the  loose  way  in  which  the  returns  are  made,  may  be  a  few  hundred  pounds  more  or  less.  In  the  meantime,  they  are  suffi sufficiently  ciently sufficiently  correct,  to  show  that  the  amount  actually  'received  by  the  Bank  of  England  is  but  very  little  Over  a  fifth  of  the  amount  imported  for  the  week  ending.  October_  29.  The  question.  then  is  :  wh'at  has  become  of  .  the  surplus  in  the  imports  over  the  exports'?  If  the  . STYLE=superscript  next  returns  of  the  Private  and  Joint  Stock  Banks  do  not  show  it  in  their  returns  of  bullion,  they  will  leave  an  import important  ant important  mystery  to  be  % STYLE=superscript  unravelled.  It  is  scarcely  poSsible  that  gold  in  dust,  or  in  its  crude  state,  would  be  hoarded,  or  that  it  could  pass  into  circa•  lation.  The  other  banking  institutions  must  thefore  havel:received  it.  The  doubt  however,  which  hangs  over'  this  subject,  will  render  the  next  monthly  returns  of  the  Joint  Stock  Banks  most  interesting:  If  they  shew  that  they  have  been  the  recipients  of  the  surplus  of  gold,  the  Bank  of  England  ;  as  a  matter  of  banking  expediency,  will  in  all  probability,  apply  the  ”  with  additional  force,  and  so  produce  a  crisis  with  a  view  'of  turning  the  current  in  its  favour.  -  If  on  the  other  hand,  the  rival  institutions  are  not  the  holders  of  an  increased  amount  of  bullion,  then  it  must  be  self-evident  that  there  exists  some  sub subcurrent  current subcurrent  by  which  the  gold  is  disappearing,  and  in  that  case  the  bank  would  be  justified  in  using  its  Utmost  power  to  check  the  evils  to  be  apprehended  from  such  a  cause.  The  difficulties  which  beset  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  at  the  close  of  the  last  fiscal  quar quarter  ter quarter  of  the  year,  were  of  considerable  magnitude,  and  could  not  have_  been  overcome  without  resort resorting  ing resorting  to  various  means,  such  as  applying  every  avail availble  ble availble  shilling  of  surplus  income,  issuing  Exchequer  Bills  at  advanced  rates  of  interest,  and  seeking  the  aid,  of  the  bank  to  meet  the  immediate  wants  of  the  Exchequer.  The  pressure  thus  caused,  in  addition  to  the  stringency  of  the  bank's  operations,  would  have  produced,  at  any  other  period,  a  most  ruinous  state  of  things,  but  owing  to  the  confi confidence  dence confidence  the  public  feel  in  the  stability  of  trade  and  position  of  the  country  generally,  credit  has  been  fully  sustained,  'and  every  day  seems  to  promise  greater  activity.  This  is  a  most  remarkable  fact,  considering  the  sudden  contraction  of  the  currency  amounted  to  nearly  1,000,0001.  in  one  week.  Cutting  off  such  a  sum  from  the  pay-tables  and  general  purposes  of  the  country,  was  enough  to  have  produced  a  most  intense  panic.  Fortunately  the  returns  before  us  are  in  all  other  respects  of  a  little  better  character.  The  bullion  mystery  must  soon  be  brought  to  light,  and  should  it  appear  that  the  commercial  banking  institutions  have  the  bullion-power  in  their  hands,  we  feel  convinced  that  they  will  be  found  ready  to  afford  trade  every  accommodation  on  fair  commer-  cial  terms.  DARING  ROBBERY.—On  Thursday  evening  about  seven  o'clock,  whilst  a  young  lady  was  passing  through  Vine-street,  a  man  dressecl,  in  the  garb  of  a  plasterer,  snatched  her  reticule  from  her  hand.  The  reticule  contained  a  purse,  in  which  was  a  ten  pound  note  and  a  quantity  of  silver.  The  thief  got  off  with  his  booty.  OFFICE  ROBBERY.—Thning  Thursday  night,  a  sum  of  eight  pounds  in  gold  and  silver,  was  taken  from  different  drawers  in  the  office  of  Messrs.  Stoddart  and  Co.,  5,  Strand-street.  The  thieves  it  is  supposed  were  concealed  in  the  office,  when  locked  up.  The  Royal  Mail  steam-ship  Arabia  sails  from  the  Mersey  at  ten  o'clock  this  morning,  for  New  York,  with  the  usual  mails  and  passengers.  KIRKDALE  SESSlON.  — STYLE=superscript  Yesterday  was  fixed  for  the  hearing  of  two  appeals  lodged  by  publicans  in  this  borough  against  the  decision  of  the  borough  magistrates,  who  had  revoked  their  li  censes  .  Th  e  appellants  were  lUr.  W.  H.  Spencer,  Peter-street,  and  Mr.  Berry,  Vauxhall-road.  In  consequence  of  the  adjournment  of  the  sessions  on  Thursday  evening,  the  hearing  of  these  appeals  was  postponed  until  January  next.  In  consequence  of  the  adjournment  of  the  sessions  not  being  generally  known,  several  parties  were  in  attendance  with  their  witnesses,  at  the  court-house,  Kirkdale,  and  more  than  one  magistrate  was  made  aware  of  the  adjournment  only  when  he  arrived  at  Court  yesterday  morning,  AN  ACTION  FORA  PENNY.—OPERATION  OF  THE  NEW  Stun=  AcT.—A  case  bearing  upon  .  the.  newly-introduced  penny  receipt  stamp,  was  decided  by  Sheriff  Bell  in  Glasgow  on  Thursday  afternoon,  which  is  of  considerable  importance  to  auctioneers  and  the  public  generally.  A  furniture  broker  summoned  an  auctioneer  at  the  Sheriff's  Small  Debt  Court,  for  the  sum  of  one  penny,  the  price  of  a  receipt  stamp,  which  the  latter  had  compelled  the  former  to  pay,  although  the  broker  was  the  purchaser,  and  the  auctioneer  the  receiver,  of  the  money.  The  auctioneer  said,  however,  that  he  had  ex expressly  pressly expressly  stipulated  in  the  conditions  of  sale  that  purchasers  were  to  pay  for  the  receipt  stamps.  This  decided  the  case,  the  Sheriff  ruling  in  favour  of  the  auctioneer.  TRIAL  TRIP  OF  THE  LUSITANIA.—This  splendid  screw  steam  ship,  built  by  Mr.  Laird,,  for  the  South  Ameri American  can American  Steam  Navigation  Company,  proceeded  on  her  trial  trip,  having  floated  off  the  mud  at  Rockferry,  where  she  got  aground  on  the  previous  day.  We  learn  that  the  perfor performances  mances performances  of  this  fine  vessel  were  most  satisfactory,  and  fully  realise  the  expectations  of  her  builder  and  owners.  At  the  measured  distance  from  the  Bell  buoy  to  North  West  light  ship,  the  Lusitania  made  an  average  speed  of  121  knots  an  hour;  being  the  greatest  speed  it  is  believed  yet  attained  by  any  screw  steamer.  The  Lusitania  sails  on  her  first  voyage  to  South  America  about  the  24th  inst.  She  is  perhaps  one  of  the  most  beautiful  and  elegantly  fitted  up  vessels  afloat.  Her  cabin  and  saloon  accommodation  is  very  superior,  and  will,  no  doubt,  render  her  a  favourite  with  passengers.  PENINSULAR  MAIL.—The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Company's  steam  ship,  City  of  London,  arrival  at  Southampton,  on  Thursday  night,  with  advices  from  Constantinople  to  the  15th,  Smyrna  the  19th,  Malta  the  23d,  and  Gibraltar  the  28th  ult.,  ...TJaa.,Gibra/tar  'Chronicle  of  the'  28th  ult.  coti:  tains  an  official  notice  from  the  Governor  abso absolately_prohibiting)  lately_prohibiting) absolately_prohibiting)  a  public  meeting,  of  the  inhabi  tants,  which  had  .been  convened  by  a  printed  pla placard,  card, placard,  and  threatening  the  interference  of  the  police  if  such  meeting  should  take  place.  The,  Governor  requests  in  his  proclamation,  that  'tiny  persons  having  grievances  should  submit,  the  same,  throiigh  limSelf  to  Her  Majesty's  ,  Government.  It  was  decided  :at  Gibraltar  that  arrivals  from  Great,  .Britain  should  perform  a  quarantine  of  eig4t  .  clays.  The  Governor  had  issued  a  :strong  roteo  L  agajnst  the  ,useleas  ,  -  vexatious'  q'tiaran-  I  p STYLE=superscript  ine  regulations  of  the  Spanish  ports."
