text
"EASTERN  WAR.  'l STYLE=superscript  ltther  details  are  given  of  the  battle  of  Sinope.  ° STYLE=superscript  Ugh  the  Russian  admiral  knew  the  Turkish  l'on  was  already  inferior  in  force,  he  sent  a  er  to  Sebastopol  to  fetch  three  line  of  battle battletl  tl battletl STYLE=superscript  of  120  guns,  and  did  not  commence  opera opera'  ' opera'  till  they  had  arrived.  Several  of  the  Turkish  4 STYLE=superscript  Were  blown  up  by  shells.  The  firing  com-  Cod  between  9  and  10  a.m.,  and  ceased  at  Three  frigates  were  on  flames,  and  the  4Aorts  altogether  sunk.  The  Turkish  portion  e  town  was  on  fire,  but,  by  one  of  those  por--  o,Whieh  only  occur  in  these  sacred  struggles,.  Russian  bulletin  states  that  the  flames  ne nek,id  k,id nek,id  the  quarter  inhabited  by  the  Greeks.  It  he  not  appear  that  any  portion  of  the  crews  or  i STYLE=superscript  llse  on  board  had  been  landed.  On  the  follow--  4  1  ;  110 STYLE=superscript  i  - STYLE=superscript  fling,  nothing  remained  of  the  12  vissela  lil  it  t STYLE=superscript  ising  the  Turkish  squadron,  except  a  Nloop  r  14  Corvette  run  ashore,  and  the  Damietta,  Egyp-  L  Cgate,  all  of  which  were  ordered  to  be  burned,  )  4)  ,,  °se  small  vessels  were  found  the  admiral  ''' STYLE=superscript  ‘kt  R  11 STYLE=superscript  Pasha  wounded  in  the  leg,  a  few  officers,  and  These  appeared  to  be  the  sole  sur--  r0,.,-0  men.  'V  -‘  nis  impossible  to  have  further  proof  that  8 STYLE=superscript  %strophe  was  not  the  result  of  a  casual  en enter,  ter, enter,  but  a  deliberate  assault  on  the  vessels  of  eY,  and  the  town  of  Sinope,  supposed  to  be  r  the  protection  of  the  French  and  English)  Times  has  a  leading  article  on  the thethan  than thethan STYLE=superscript  bulletins  and  the  religious  thanksgiving,  o  'neir  so-called  victories,  condemning  in  the the-I,l4lgest  -I,l4lgest the-I,l4lgest  terms,  their  falsehood  and  hypocrisy.  0  dates  would  show  that  the  bold  and  sea sea!tel.),  !tel.), sea!tel.),  ke  propo  sa  l  o  f  Ad  m  i  ra  l  D  u  ndas,  to  immedi-  N.  Pursue  the  Russians  and  cut  them  off  from  Itii.  4B STYLE=superscript  topol,  was  feasible.  The  sharp  though  Ga  h  e STYLE=superscript  etual  attack  upon  Fort  Matschin  on  the  'l)  (i  '  l STYLE=superscript  lbe,  removes  meanwhile  all  doubt  from  the•  rube,  w  hi  c  h  R  uss  i  a  g  i  ves  thi  s  war.  !fibs  Tim  es  i  s  i  nc  li  ne  d  t  o  b  e  li  eve  t  h  at  t  h  e  results results-41&#34;):!'e  -41&#34;):!'e results-41&#34;):!'e  engagements  in  Asia  during  the  last  week  IV°Vember  were  unfavourable  to  the  Turks.  tl  O  Lth  respect  to  the  entry  of  the  combined  fleets  w  iz  the  Black  Sea,  the  article  remarks,  that  a  q  i  ,,sion  will  ensue,  when  naval  forces  are  placed  Couch  a  position,  is  extremely  probable;  and  the  ti  t  eeror  of  Russia,  foreseeing  that  such  a  result  11,  t  liot  long  be  avoided,  may  anticipate  it  by  the  it  it  'exation  of  a  rupture.  The  manner  in  which  t(1)::',  attacks  have  been  conducted,  and  the  is  i  t  kk  which  these  victories  have  been  celebrated,  qesi,7tient  proof  that  the  Emperor  will  not  ea  s  ily  of  t  i‘  from  the  war  ;  and  though  we  regret  none  kv  e  ,:e  protracted  efforts  which  have  been  made  to  to  ,_ao  great  an  evil,  we  a  re  not  the  less  prepared  oh.44net  it  in  the  l  as  t  resor  t  by  a  vigorous  st STYLE=superscript  ance.  it  t  'znfiA,  THURSD  A  Y  Evo.—The  P  ers  i  an  m  i  n  i  s  t  er  ,.  Doer  breaking  off  diplomatic  relations  with  the  t  il  `  t  p,  retired  to  Bagdad.  The  reaso  n  w  hy  p  ar  t  o  f  E  it  ;  L STYLE=superscript  ets'  corps  went  to  the  Crimea  was  that  there  14  flfa  an  ur  of  Turkeinsurrectiony.  there  on  the  29th  of  N  ovem  b  er,  vo  dt  t  ,  4ll STYLE=superscript  .  l STYLE=superscript  s)  TH  USRDAY.—The  Post  says  a  pr  i  vate  Lvach  from  Vienna,  without  date,  reports  that  i,fieets  had  entered  the  Black  Sea.  ends  have  r  isen—Three  per  cen  t  s  c  l  osed  at  80 STYLE=superscript  c  ,  Four-and-a-half  per  cents,  101  f  10c.  ~  &amp;  0 STYLE=superscript  .  wolf'  'o  ide  os STYLE=superscript  °,  id  ge  io-04  rill'  so  THE  MINISTRY.  hile  Cabinet  Council  sat  five  hours  and  ahalf  !terday•  kilt  is  positiv  e  ly  asser  t  e  d  that  L  or  d  P  a  l  merston  .  4,  4 STYLE=superscript  Consented  to  return  to  the  Coalition  Cabinet..  t,Foltld  this  be  the  fact,  the  noble  Viscount  has haslit  lit haslit  Course  obtained  his  own  terms,  if  o  r  d  ers  .  ee  been  given  to  the  British  fleet  to  .enter  N  t  e STYLE=superscript  .  Black  Sea,  with  a  view  to  activ  e  °pe °pelt  lt °pelt  I STYLE=superscript  °l'lB  ;  and  it  is  true  that  Lord  Lansd  owne  .  k  i  ll  th  e  Duke  of  Devonshire  have  threatened  to,  kltdraw  their  support  from  the  ministry  if  the  Pal  provisions  of  the  intended  reform  bill  are  no  t  P  o  ell  up  ;  then  it  is  not  impossible  that  L  or  d  Irtlierston  may  have  consented  to  return  to  the the-411e  411e the-411e  Office.  A  few  hours  will,  in  all  probability,.  t  ilr  ee  all  the  facts  in  connection  with  this  :Wail.  in,  ~,Possession.  kt  t  AjAe  Daily  N  ews  says  L  or  d  Lansdowne  was  not  cile  council  yesterday.  It  transpired  in  the  course coursethekle  thekle coursethekle  evening,  that  Sir  George  Gvey  lied  urged:  de  dining  state  of  his  health  as  a  reason  for  •  )t  'Luting  the  Home  Office.  This  refusal  rendered  ht  i  glore  than  even  desirable  that  Lord  Palmerston  th  e  °4l STYLE=superscript  d  be  induced  to  resume  the  post.  Amongst  th  other  persons  na  me  d  as  e  li  g  ibl  e  occ  upants  o  f  . STYLE=superscript  `;  vacancy  are  Sir  James  Grah  a  m,  Sir  Charles  14:  (3 STYLE=superscript  d,  and  Lord  Panmure.  It  is  said  that  the,  40tion  of  what  the  Ref  orm  Bill  s  h  a  ll  re  ally  b  e  ,.  hot  been  decided  by  titt,Cabinet,  the  plans  be betiii!.the  tiii!.the betiii!.the  government  being  still  in  the  hands  of  the•  k,„llsterial  committee,  to  whom  the  task  of  pre-  T  ab  a  complete  mea  sure  h  as  b  een  entruste  d  .  4  14  e  Advertiser  reports  that  it  was  last  night  Nt  v  e STYLE=superscript  d,  that  much  of  th  e  fi  ve  h  ours  an  d  a•  h  a  lf  4  11  41) STYLE=superscript  F  of  the  council  was  occ  u  pi  e  d  i  n  pa  t  c  hi  ng  '  And  the  Advertiser  has  the  hest  reasons  °t,  will  that  particular  influences  have  been,  1 STYLE=superscript  11  be  brought  to  bear  on  Lord  Palmerston,.  T  ra STYLE=superscript  duce  him  to  join  the  administration.  Herald  says,  that  previous  to  the  meeting  k  i  i  l STYLE=superscript  e  Cabinet  yesterday,  the  heads  of  the  war  de de)cetllent  )cetllent de)cetllent  assembled  at  the  Chancellor  of  the  ht  3,  equer's.  The  Herald  learns  from  good  autho autho-41  -41 autho-41  '  that  Sir  James  Graham  will  not  quit  the thete  te thete  111 STYLE=superscript  4  ri  itt  ty.  or  Scotland.  fge  i  cl  and  Published  CHARLES  WILLIWER,  of  21,,  pct  Street  ,  at  his  y STYLE=superscript  General  Printing  and  Stational  lidolishnient,  19,  Eolith  John  Street,  Liverrool.  FRIDAY,•  DECEMBER  23,  1863.."
