text
"r  of  t  tof  60  f  a  person  n  fact  of  I  langht  Sir  George  Stephen,  instruct(  urged,  on  the  part  of  the  defendant,  that  this  did  n  that  the  party  calling  herself  Mrs.  Hudson,  was  his  His  Honor  replied  that  the  evidence  showed  there  was  cohabitation  between  the  parties  as  man  and  wife,  and  until.  evidence  to  the  contrary  was  shown,  he  should  con consider  sider consider  them  to  be  so  ;  as  to  the  :public-house,  it  was  shown  Cross.  s  , STYLE=superscript  nient  by  the  defend-  Roberts  another  clerk,  but  not  at  n  L  merit,  were  examined  as  to  the  amount  of  the  account,  and  the  latter  proved  to  having  called  on  Mrs.  Hudson,  and  asking  her  for  the  money  in  the  presence  of  the  defendant.  Mr.  Jones,however,  stated  thatwhen  he  called  for  the  account,  lie  addressed  , STYLE=superscript  her  as  Mrs.  and  that  then,  (he  being  but  a  short  period  in  the  employment  of  the  plain-  that  hc  Sir  George  Stephen  contended  that  the  liability  of  .  the  defendant  had  not  been  made  out.  His  Honor  said  that  it  was  a  very  peculiar  case,  and  he  should,  therefore  wish  to  have  the  evidence  of  both  sides  fully  before  him.  Ile  was  not  prepared  to  say  that  there  was  not  a  shadow  of  evidence  before  him,  but  he  should  confess  he  thought  it  not  very  .e  Step,  .e  most  of  1  in  tl  500  which  ye  her  on  The  defeiiilar  stated  by  co.  Plumb-strei  s  then  examined,  and  deposed  to  the  fac  He  said  he  finally  left  Mrs.  Buds,  IL  after  the  house  in  Plumb:street  was  opened  by  , STYLE=superscript  ss-examination  by  Mr.  Hime,  he  admitted  that  r.  On  [s  sold  to  Mrs  wes  pencung  against  him.  His  Honor  said  t  clilticulty  in  the  case  in  his  mind  was,  that  it  did  not  clearly  appear  to  whom  the  plaintiffs  g  ave  the  credit.  The  permit  under  which  the  spirits  were  sent  was  in  the  name  of  Holden,  the  name  in  the  licence,  but  it  not  appear  that  they  were  at  all  aware  of  the  existence  of  Hudson,  or,  if  aware  of  it,  that  they  regarded  Holden  as  his  nominee  umbra.  Mr.  lime  addressed  himself  to  this  point,  but  failed  to  remove  the  difficulty  suggested  by  the  court.  His  Honor  accordingly  said  that  as  it  was  a  very  peculiar  and  important  case,  Inasmuch  as  it  was  probable  that  other  ac actions  tions actions  for  a  considerable  amount  was  depending  on  it,  he  would  defer  giving  judgment  until  he  had  fully  considered  it.  JURY  CASE--BURY  AND  arnEus  v.  JOHNS  ON.  —A  jury  of  five  gentlemen  were  empannelled  to  try  this  case.  Messrs.  Bury,  Curtis,  and  Kennedy,  were  the  plaintiffs,  and  Mr.  Johnson,  26,  Hatton-gardens,  builder,  defendant..  From  the  statement  of  Mr.  Almond  , STYLE=superscript  it  appeared  that  the  cause  of  action  arose  thus  :  In  the  year  1848,  the  defendant  was  com completing  pleting completing  some  contracts  for  the  Corporation,  at  the  Green-lane  Water  Works.  A  portion  of  these  contracts  he  gave  to  Blackett,  Rigby  and  Co,  but  they  not  being  able  to  com complete  plete complete  the  work,  the  defendant,  in  company  with  Mr.  Rigley,  called  on  •the  plaintiffs,  and  requested  them  to  take  it  up  and  finish  it.  They  did  so,  and  they  now  sought  to  recover  the  amount  of  the  work  so  done,  namely,  £25  11s.  3d.  Mr.  Kennedy  was  the  first  witness  examined.  He  stated  that  he  was  a  civil  engineer,  and  a  member  of  the  firm  of  Bury,  Curtis,  and  Kennedy.  In  1848,  their  firm  was  also  executing  certain  contracts  for  the  Corpora Corporation  tion Corporation  at  the  Green  Lane  Water-works,  and  the  defendant,  in  company  with  Mr.  Blackett  Riley,  called  at:their  office  in  the  course  of  that  year,  and  said  to  him  (Mr.  Kennedy)  I  have  called  here  to  ask  you  to  finish  some  work  at  the  Green  Lane  Water-works.  I  employed  Mr.  Rigley  to  do  it,  but  that  being  now  (  your  firm  to  do  it  for  m  tion  up  to  that  time  with  either  the  def(  and  when  he  called  on  the  defendant  iad  nu(  r  did  not  give  a  very  straightfi  elieved  he  had  not  ordered  the  Dn  by  Mr.  Roby,  who  appeared"
