text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  -  -  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  qy  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer  ;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  seen  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  WEDNESDAY,  NOVEMBER  16,  1833  DESPATCHES  received  by  submarine  telegraph  from  Vienna,  inform  us  that  hostilities  were  re renewed  newed renewed  near  Bucharest  on  the  morning  of  the  11th.  An  opinion  prevails  that  OmEa  PACHA  will  venture  to  make  a  passage  of  the  Danube  above  Galatz,  with  the  view  of  reaching  Moldavia.  It  is  stated  that  between  90,000  and  10,000  Turks  have  already  crossed  the  Danube.  The  report  is  accredited  at  the  Turkish  Embassy,  The  Wanderer  publishes  a.  letter  from  Bucharest,  of  the  6th  instant,  stating  that,  after  a  series  of  murderous  conflicts  on  the  3rd,  4th,  and  sth,  the  Turks  sustained  their  position  on  the  Wallachian  bank  of  the  Danube,  while  the  Russian  forces  took  refuge  in  their  intrenchments  near  Oltenitza.  Advices  from  Kalifat  of  the  3rd,  state  that  on  that  day  the  Turks  had  not  quitted  their  position,  as  they  were  awaiting  reinforcements  to  march  upon  Kraz  ova.  The  communications  between  Galatz  and  Odessa  have  been  interrupted  since  the  28th.  Advices  from  ConstaiAinople  of  the  31st  ult.  state  that  the  Turks  hay.  3  obtained  possession  of  several  Russian  forts  in  Georgia  and  the  Caucasus.  These  forts  are  Cartoor,  which  was  taken  by  the  Kurds;  Fuhler  by  the  troops  from  Damascus;  and  Surmine  Istrat  and  Kuchat  by  the  Bachi-Bozouks.  The  National  Zeitung,  commenting  on  the  late  brilliant  success  of  the  Turks,  speaks  as  follows  :  This  manifesto  invokes  the  name  of  God,  and  calls  the  cause  for  which  Russia  has  taken  up  arms,  the  just  and  holy  cause  of  God.  The  Sultan  did  not  think  fit  to  expose  the  shirt  of  the  Prophet;  the  Scheik-ul-Islam  took  care  not  to  pro proclaim  claim proclaim  a  holy  war.  It  is  against  Russian  usurpation  that  the  lurks  are  defending  themselves,  and  not  against  Christianity.  It  is  not  a  struggle  between  the  crescent  and  the  cross—between  two  religious  professions;  but  a  weak  empire,  recently  entered  into  the  path  of  reforms,  defends  its  existence  against  the  aggression  of  a  powerful  empire,  which  exists  only  by  servitude  and  intolerance.  The  Russian  manifesto  has  not  the  right  to  say  that  it  is  a  war  for  the  Christian  faith.  There  is  nothing  holy  in  the  war  which  Russia  has  excited.  A  usurpation,  anything  but  Christian,  has  caused  Russia  to  arm  :  a  temporal  and  mundane  domina domination  tion domination  at  all  price,  that  is  the  symbol  of  its  orthox,  Full  particulars  of  the  glorious  victory  recently  won  by  the  valour  and  intrepidity  of  the  Turkish  troops  may  shortly  be  expected.  The  following  incidents,  however,  have  appeared  in  the  Copirte  Zeitung's  Correspondenz  island  in  the  vicinity  of  Turtukai  forms  a  natural  battle-ground  (Wafenplatz).  The  troops  with  which  the  Turks  made  a  beginning  on  the  2nd,  after  a  corps  of  about  14,000  men  had  been  concentrated  between  Tschatalsha  and  Turtukai,  remained  concealed  in  the  bushes,  favoured  by  the  fog.  On  the  3rd  about  6,000  men  were  posted  on  the  island,  2,000  were  on  board  of  barges  ready  to  be  conVeyed  t  3  the  opposite  shore,  and  about  4,000  or  6,000  men  had  already  landed  on  the  left  bank.  During  the  night  from  the  3rd  to  the  4th  inst.,  the  passa  g  e  was  attempted  over  the  smaller  arm  of  the  river  near  Oltenitza,  and  was  also  carried  out  by  force  of  arms.  The  2,000 STYLE=superscript  troo STYLE=superscript  p  s STYLE=superscript  on STYLE=superscript  board STYLE=superscript  the  barges  sailed  around  the  island,  and  were  the  first  to  reach  the  Wallachian  shore.  The  Russian  pickets  were  posted  along  the  Danube.  One  of  these  pickets  was  at  g  Oltenitza;  the  reserve  w  er  e  posted  the  -distance  of  a  shOt  behind  this  place,  amounting  altogether  to  about  5,000  men.  During  the  combat  reinforcements  arrived.  The  engage engagements  ments engagements  commenced  at  dawn  of  day.  On  both  sides  the  troops  fought  with  bravery  and  perseverance.  The  cannonade  lasted  unremittingly  for  eighteen  hours.  Towards  noon,  the  contest  seemed  to  draw  to  a  closelby  a  retreat  of  the  Turks  to  their  vessels  but  was  soon  renewed.  In  the  even evening  ing evening  the  Turks  were  established  along  the  river  side,  and  the  Russians  behind  Oltenitza.  The  conflict  is  described  as  an  exceedingly  murderous  one,  and  the  losses  on  both  sides  must  have  been  very  considerable.  The  Russians  performed  all  that  could  have  been  expected  of  them,  considering  the  disproportionate  numbers  of  the  enemy.  But  the  Turks  also  fought  with  a  bravery  inspired  by  an  extraordinary  de degree  gree degree  of  fanaticism,  which  is  likely  to  destroy  the  illusion  which  many  have  hitherto  indulged  in  with  regard  to  the  military  prowess  of  the  Turks.  On  the  sth  the  cannonade  was  THE  present  position  of  the  affairs  of  Europe  is  beginning  to  show  that  the  despotic  powers  view  all  Constitutional  Monarchies  with  the  same  dis distrust  trust distrust  and  abhorrence  which  they  have  always  be bestowed  stowed bestowed  on  those  minor  Free  States  whose  subjugation  they  have  undertaken  for  their  own  safety.  At  a  moment  when  the  great  and  vitalising  institutions  of  Constitutional  Monarchy  may  be  said  to  have  gained  a  decisive  victory  over  mere  theories,  gnd  are  beginning  to  mould  themselves  gradually  into  the  shape  of  democratic  forbearance,  and  enlight enlightened  ened enlightened  toleration—when  the  national  mind  appears  resolved  to  uphold  all  that  is  really  good  and  use useful,  ful, useful,  and,  at  the  same  time,  to  resist  the  dogmas  of  the  experimentalist,  we  find  the  despotic  powers  endeavouring,  by  force  of  arms,  and  political  in intrigue,  trigue, intrigue,  to  strike  a  deadly  blow  at  the  constitutional  charter  of  this  and  other  States.  Looking  at  the  power  and  prevailing  disposition  of  these  absolute  Monarchies,  and  the  jealousy  and  alarm  with  which  they  view  the  march  of  Consti Constitutional  tutional Constitutional  Empires,  the  time  has  arrived  when  Eng England  land England  must  form  a  series  of  new  international  rela relations,  tions, relations,  which  shall  combine,  in  one  great  bond  of  mutual  support,  all  those  Constitutional  States  now  in  existence,  in  order  to  check  and  resist  success successfully  fully successfully  those  despotic  rulers  who  would  have  their  will  both  the  national  and  international  law  of  Europe.  Opposed  to  this  necessity  we  shall  have  to  combat  the  opinions  of  many  leading  Constitutional  autho authorities,  rities, authorities,  who  believe  that  the  cause  of  rational  freedom  has  out-grown  all  risks  and  dangers  ;  but  if  we  look  to  the  broad  map  of  Europe  we  will  find  that  the  Constitutional  States  are  few  and  far  between,  and  the  space  really  reserved  for  the  enjoyment  of  the  blessings  of  civil  and  religious  liberty  is  still  less  and  wider  apart.  These  facts,  when  carefully  weighed,  at  once  account  for  the  gross  bigotry  and  effrontery  of  those  petty  Despots  who  have  so  recently  outraged  the  better  feelings  of  European  manliness.  These  demon  fry  who  refuse  their  people  the  right  of  thought,  and  so  deprive  them  of  the  divine  power  of  action,  must  indeed  view  with  deep  concern  the  rapid  progress  of  those  nations  whose  onward  bent  is  the  result  of  an  un unbridled  bridled unbridled  mind.  Human  energy,  subdued  by  the  base  and  degrad degrading  ing degrading  suspicions  of  tyrannic  rule,  is  incapable  of  the  toil  that  makes  the  freeman  independent,  and  Con Constit'utional  stit'utional Constit'utional  Nations  great.  Industry  being  laid  prostrate,  virtue  forsakes  the  homesteads  of  the  despotic  States,  and  the  vile  cupidity  of  their  rulers  has  its  millions  of  savage  tools  ready  for  the  ac accomplishment  complishment accomplishment  of  their  worst  designs.  Call  this  the  legend  of  bygone  times,  but  still  it  will  serve  as  the  mirror  of  to-day.  There  is  no  weakness  greater  than  a  belief  iu  man's  perfection.  On  this  head  persuasion  must  be  resisted  and  safety  secured  by  stripping  the  hypocrisy  of  maudling  partisan partisanship  ship partisanship  of  all  insolent  assurances  and  glaring  false falsehoods.  hoods. falsehoods.  The  despots  of  Europe  are  as  much  the  foes  of  Constitutional  Government,  as  they  are  the  ene enemies  mies enemies  of  red  Republicanism..  The  former  destroy  by  rational  progress  what  the  latter  would  put  at  once  to  the  sword.  The  fear  induced  by  the  pre presence  sence presence  of  these  two  elements  in  Europe  has  spread  from  Vienna  to  the  citadels  of  Cabal  and  Lahore,  taking  in  its  way  the  AUTOCRAT  of  Russia,  with  his  millions  of  unenlightened  tools.  Austria's  bank bankrupt  rupt bankrupt  condition  alone  holds  her  back  from  display displaying  ing displaying  the  woman-flaying  banner  of  the  House  of  Hapsburgh,  on  the  Turkish  frontier.  Russia  has  already  taken  the  field  to  extend  and  perpetuate  her  despotic  sway;  and  while  she  professes  her  un unshaken.  shaken. unshaken.  friendship  for  England,  she  endeavours  to  call  to  her  aid  the  most  savage  enemies  with  whom  we  have  to  deal.  For  friendship's  sake  she  rouses  the  worst  feelings  of  the  Tartar  tribes  upon  our  Indian  frontiers,  and  to  retard  our  progress  she  would  curtail  our  Empire.  It  is  true,  that  in  Turkey  the  CZAR  may  find  a  second  BELISARIUS,  and  that  England  may  even eventually  tually eventually  be  induced  to  play  the  part  of  another  JUSTINIAN,  by  paying  a  sum  of  money  to  restore  the  peace  of  Europe;  but  this  will  effect  nothing.  The  non-productive  elements  of  one  portion  of  the  human  family.  must  as  assuredly  feed  on  the  pro productiveness  ductiveness productiveness  of  another,  as  that  the  locusts  are  compelled  to  migrate  and  spread  themselves  over  those  plains  which  are  more  fertile  than  the  land  that  gave  them  birth.  Insanity,  or  this  stern  ne  cessity,  is  all  that  can  be  urged  in  extenuation  of  the  CZAR'S  aggression  on  Turkish  territory.  If  war  be  with  him  a  necessary  condition  in  the  existence  of  his  dominion,  what  guarantee  has  England  that  an  invasion  of  her  territory,  where  it  is  possible,  will  not  be  attempted?  In  India  our  military  exploits  have  raised  a  HARDINGE  and  a  GOUGH  to  the  Peerage  and  to  wealth,  but  have  they  Won  us  the  friendship  and  allegiance  of  the  Affghans  and  the  Sihks  ?  Shall  we  again  have  to  force  tho  Khyber  Pass  under  the  fire  of  Russian  guns,  to  extend  our  military  occu occupation  pation occupation  of  Scinde,  and  withdraw  our  troops  from  Lahore.  These  are  the  dangers  to  be  apprehended  from  the  existence  of  [such  despotic  states  as  AUSTRIA  and  RUSSIA  ;  and  to  keep  them  effectually  in  check,  the  only  means  left  is  the  close  alliance  of  the  Constitutional  Powers  of  Europe.  With  this  view  America  might  not  be  tuiwilling  to  lend  her  powerful  aid,  and  thus  we  may  be  -spared  a  season  of  bloodshed,  which  a  less  comprehensive  line  of  policy  might  produce.  Russia,  in  breaking  through  her  treaties  with  England  and  France,  can  scarcely  be  admitted  into.  a  fresh  alliance  with  these  Powers.  She  must,  therefore,  seek  Austria  and  Prussia  as  her  allies,  with  as  many  of  the  small  despotic  fryas  she  can  find  on  the  Continent;  and  if  she  meets  with  the  success  which  may  naturally  be  supposed  to  attend  her  overtures,  the  political  equilibrium  of.  Europe  will  be  no  longer  maintainable.  The  Cabinet  that  takes  upon  itself  to  deal  with  matters  of  such  grave  rational  import  in  the  council  chamber,  assumes  the  highest  functions  of  the  legislature,  and  we  trust  that  such  an  assumption  will  be  amply  justified  by  the  results  it  may  produce.  A  DEMONSTRATION  recently  made,  by  a  few  en  thusiastic  teetotallers  at  the  Corn  Exchange  in  Manchester,  furnishes  topics  worthy  of  comment.  The  gentlemen  met  to  organise  a  new  association,  and  get  up  a  national  agitation,  with  the  view  to  suppress  all  traffic  in  spiritous  liquors  and  in  intoxicating  drinks,  by  legislative  enactment.  We  have  all  heard  how  the  State  of  Maine,  the  extreme  north-east  nook  of  the  American  confede confederation,  ration, confederation,  rendered  herself  conspicuous,  if  not  ridicu ridiculous,  lous, ridiculous,  by  pushing  the  temperance  principle  to  the  same  outré  extreme.  This  Manchester  movement  exhibits  its  Masters-of-the-Ceremony  emulous  of  like  celebrity.  When  we  note  among  the  leaders  such  men  as  Mr.  JAMES  SILK  BUCKINGHAM,  Dr.  F.  R.  LEES,  of  Leeds,  and  Dr.  JABEZ  B  URNS,  of  London,  we  are  quite  prepared  to  look  out  for  some  extraordinary  display,  and  an  ultimate  injury  to  the  cause  they  essay  to  promote.  In  lintine,  let  it  be  distinctly  understood,  that  we  by  no  means  oppose  that  great  moral  and  reli religious  gious religious  movement,  embodied  in  the  Temperance  Societies,  which  has  been  so  successful  in  Britain  and  America,  in  the  partial  suppression  of  a  for formidable  midable formidable  and  an  appalling  vice,  and  the  snatching  of  millions  from  the  drunkard's  grave.  On  the  contrary,  we  advocate  that  noble  effort  of  philan philanthropy  thropy philanthropy  and  mercy  ;  and  so  long  as  the  champions  of  that  cause  shall  restrict  themselves  to  the  legitimate  limits  of  moral  suasion,  just  so  long  will  they  find  us  by  their  side  to  uphold  their  hands.  But  the  movement  in  question  is  of  a  very  different  character,  and  calls  for  the  stern  and  steady  rebuke  of  the  `public  Press.  It  is  an  effort  to  substitute  a  penal  enact enactment  ment enactment  of  law,  for  what  exclusively  belongs  to  the  pulpit,  the  platform,  the  press,  and  moral  influence.  It  goes  upon  the  principle  of  restoring  that  long  since  exploded  barbarism  embodied  in  the  sump sumptuary  tuary sumptuary  laws.  It  assumes  to  tell  man  what  they  shall  eat,  and  drink,  and  sell,  and  buy  ;  and  to  coerce  them  to  obedience  in  that  line,  by  pains  and  penal penalties.  ties. penalties.  The  enactments  they  propound,  are  to  stand  out  equally  against  beer  and  wine,  as  against  gin  and  rum;  for,  not  content  with  prohibiting  traffic  in  they  include  all  drinks  as  well.  Now  it  appears  to  us  that  the  gentlemen  who  made  such  a  spectacle  of  themselves  at  the  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  Corn  Exchange,  have  not  learned  to  discriminate  between  penal  coercion  and  moral  restraint.  There  are  many  social  vices,  to  which  the  municipal  laws  of  the  country  cannot  extend,  lest  they  encroach  on  the  civil  rights  of  the  community;  and  we  regard  the  vice  of  intemperance  as  one  of  those.  True,  a  brawling  drunkard  in  the  streets  may  be  taken  up  and  fined—simply  because  he  disturbs  the  public  peace,  and  becomes  a  nuisance.  In  the  abstract,  he  has  the  right  to  make  a  beast  of  himself  if  he  will;  so  he  disturbs  not  others  :—Sic  Were  tuo,  ut  alienum  non  ledas,  being  as  applicable  to  this  personal  right,  as  it  is  to  the  rights  of  property.  But  the  principle  assumed  in  this  movement  goes  much  farther  than  merely  to  restrain  men  from  getting  drunk.  It  says,  that,  men  shall  not  traffic  in  an  article  that  may  be  abused.  It  declares  that  the  legislature,  by  penal  enactments,  should  prohibit  the  citizen  from  buying  or  vending  anything  that  may  be  perverted  to  an  injurious  use.  It  seems  to  us,  this  is  a  flagrant  attack  upon  the  rights  of  conscience.  Let  us  see.  Men  often  injure  them themselves  selves themselves  by  an  excessive  use  of  tobacco;  so,  to  carry  out  the  principle,  traffic  in  that  article  must  be  re restrained  strained restrained  by  penal  enactment.  Others  again  take  opium,  to  the  injUry  of  health,  and  the  shortening  of  life;  so  the  traffic  in  opium  must  be  restrained  by  law.  A  great  many  others  (aldermen  included)  . STYLE=superscript  injure  themselves,  get  dyspepsia  and  gout,  and  cut  short  the  thread  of  life  by  over-feeding  on  roast  beef;  hence,  traffic  in  beef  must  be  restrained  by  pains  and  penalties.  Ay,  even  the  gentle  sex,  the  lovely  ones  of  creation,  often  injure  health,  break  down  the  constitution,  and  shorten  life—the  elder  ones  by  the  excessive  use  of  tea,  and  the  young  nymphs  by  the  use  of  busks  and  tight-lacing  ;  so  tea,  busks,  and  stays  must  be  driven  out  of  market  by  penal  statutes  !  Why,  really,  our  friends  of  the  Corn  Exchange  have  taken  an  onerous  task  upon  themselves.  The  names  of  the  social  mischiefs  are  legion  ;  and  we  wonder  when  our  friends  were  about  it,  they  did  not  make  a  clean  sweep  of  the  whole  batch,  so  as  to  entitle  themselves,  par  excellence,  to  the  designa designation  tion designation  of  RADICAL  There  is  no  use  in  going  but  half  way  in  these  matters.  When  men  assume  a  principle,  they  are  bound  by  considerations  of  consistency  to  carry  it  out  in  all  its  corollaries  and  sequences.  But,  if  after  their  hand  to  the  plough,  they  look  they  are  not  fit  .to  be  entrusted  with  the  great  concern  of  SOCIAL  REFORM.  Mr.  David  M'Clellan,  woollen  draper,  Prices  street,  with  a  zeal  untempered  by  the  slightest  particle  of  discretion,  has  thought  proper  to  rush  into  print,  and  charge  one  of  our  reporters  with  con concocting,  cocting, concocting,  in  collusion  with  some  agent  of  Alr.  Shrivall's,  a  report  of  an  affiliatio  n  case  ,  in  which  the  latter  gentleman  was  the  defendant,  utterly  contrary  in  every  respect  to  the  facts  of  the  case,  as  most  clearly  developed  by  the  evidence  pro 'produced.'  Being  himself,  to  some  extent,  interested  in  the  result  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  case,  Mr.  M'Clellan  was  scarcely  an  impartial  judge;  and  had  he  taken  a  little  time  to  reflect,  (a  precaution  to  which  we  fear  he  is  not  much  prone),  he  would  scarcely  have  placed  himself  in  the  ridic  u  l  o  u  s  p  os  iti  on  which  he  now  occupies.  The  liberty  of  the  Press  is  one  of  the  favourite  topics  of  declamation  in  which  men  of  Mr.  M'Clellan's  calibre  indulge  ;  in  theory  they  proclaim  its  unfettered  freedom,  in  practice  they  are  the  most  petty  and  despicable  despots  in  exist existence.  ence. existence.  Mr.  M'Clellan's  name  happens  to  become  mixed  up.—whether  justly  or  otherwise  we  do  not  stop  to  inquire,—in  a  case  in  which  a  female  seeks  to  affiliate  a  child  on  Mr.  Shiivall.  The  case  is  ad adjourned  journed adjourned  fora  week;  in  the  meantime,  Mr.  M'Clellan  hears  that  his  name  is  brought  in  question.  and  he  rushes  to  our  office—denounces.  the  system  of  ad administering  ministering administering  justice  in  Courts  with  closed  doors,  as  directly  at  variance  with  the  spirit  and  intention  of  our  Constitution,  and  in invites  vites invites  us,  and,  he  says,  us  alone,  to  send  a  reporter  to  demand  admission  on  the  adjourned  hearing  of  the  case  which  took  place  on  Saturday  last.  Our  reporter  is  present,  with  many  others  ;  and,  exercising  a  sound  discretion,  he  does  not  gra gra:tify  :tify gra:tify  the  desire  of  Mr.  Arelellan,  who  wishes  that  our  columns  Should  be  filled  with  a  lengthened  re report  port report  of  a  case  which  might  indeed  gratify  pru prurient  rient prurient  curiosity,  but  would  scarcely  add  to  the  repu reputation  tation reputation  of  the  conductors  of  this  Journal  for  the  ex exercise  ercise exercise  of  a  sound  and  wholesome  discretion  in  the  admission  of  reports  of  a  very  exceptionable  cha character  racter character  ;  and  because  this  discretion  is  exercised,  Mr.  M'Clell.an  (liberal-minded  :man)  instantly  des despatches  patches despatches  a  note,  demanding  his  account,  and  order ordering  ing ordering  the  discontinuance  of  his  paper.  Strange  to  say,  we  have  expunged  Mr.  David  M'Clellan's  name  from  our  list  of  subscribers;  and  notwith notwithstanding  standing notwithstanding  its  erasure,  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  still  exists,  and  is  likely  to  do  well.  We  may  add,  we  shall  be  happy  to  perform  the  same  operation  for  any  other  gentleman  who  shall  attempt  to  dic dictate  tate dictate  how  this  JoUrnal  is  to  be  conducted,  even  at  the  risk  of  exciting  a  prophetic  exclamation  as  to  our  fate  from  Mr.  M'Clellan!  But  apart  from  this  consideration  the  matter  assumes,  in  our  eyes,  a  far  more  serious  aspect.  A  charge  of  collusion  is  madel  against  one  of  our  re reporters,  porters, reporters,  who  may  be,  for  aught  he  knows,  as  little  susceptable  of  improper  influence  as  the  gentleman  who  makes  the  charge  professes  to  be,  What  are  the  facts  ?  Our  reporter  'seems  to  have  acted  independently  of  both  parties.  The  solici solicitations  tations solicitations  of  Mr.  Shrivall  to  suppress  the  case  alto altogether  gether altogether  were  unheeded,  and  on  the  other  hand  the  disgusting  details  -which  Mr.  M'Clellan  was  so  anxious  to  have  given  to  the  world  were  suppressed,  and  the  facts  of  the  case  briefly,  but  correctly,  given  in  the  main,  notwithstanding  Mr.  M'Clellan  's  distinct  allegation  to  the  contrary.  We  subjoin  the  correspondence  which  Mr.  M'Clellan  has  thought  proper  to  publish  :  TO  THE  PUBLISHER  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SIR,  Pleas:,  give  the  bearer  anaccomt  of  what  I  owe  you  for  the  DAILY  TIMES  to  thisdate,  and  discontinue  sending  me  the  paper.  The  report  in  the  DAILY  TIMES  of  this  morning  of  the  case  of  Mr.  Shrivall  is  so  utterly  contrary,  in  almost  every  respect,  to  the  facts  of  the  case,  as  most  clearly  developed  by.  the  - STYLE=superscript  evidence  produced,  that  I  cannot  believe  it  can  have  arisen  from  acci accident,  dent, accident,  or  even  the  stupidity  of  your  reporter,  but  must  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
