text
"TO  ADVERTISERS,  THE  CARLISLE  JOURNAL  (Established  1798)  has  for  many  years  maintained  a  high  position  among  the  provincial  press,  on  account  of  its  independent  princiules  and  its  extensive  and  accurate  local  reports  ;  while  its  ample  digest  of  all  the  political,  commercial,  and  agricultural  news  of  the  day,  and  its  literary  selections  have  rendered  it  a  newspaper  adapted  to  all  classes  of  readers,C  and  afforded  a  most  eligible  medium  for  advertisements  in  the  Northern  Counties,  in  which  it  chiefly  circulates.  Its  average  weekly  'circulation  as  shown  by  the  last  parliamentary  return,  is  3,230  COPIES  WEEKLY;  which  is  nearly  three  times  greater  than  that  of  the  next  newspaper  in  Cumberland,  and  considerably  larger  than  the  united  circulation  of  all  the  other  papers  in  the  county.  Since  1850  its  circulation  has  steadily  increased,  and  in  the  num number  ber number  of  its  advertisements  the  Journal  has  always  taken  the  lead  of  all  its  local  contemporaries.  The  scale  of  charges  for  advertisements  commences  at  ONE  SHILLING  FOR  THREE  LINES,  and  Sixpence  for  every  two  lines  additional.  A  considerable  reduction  upon  advertisements  inserted  three,  six,  or  twelve  months.  _  _  The  Carlisle  Journal  is  published  early  every  Friday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  by  Messrs.  J.  and  R.  STEEL,  3,  English-street,  to  whom  all  advertisements  must  be  addressed.  TIIE  LARGEST  'CIRCULATED  NEWSPAPER  IN  WALES.  HE  CARNARVON  and  DENBIGH  : STYLE=superscript  T  HERALD  and  NORTH  and  SOUTH  WALES  IN  DEPENDENT,  price  sd,  with  SUPPLEMENT  GRATIS,  is  printed  a  t  Carnarvon  every  Friday  Evening,  in  time  for  delivery  throughout  the  country  early  on  Saturday  Morning.  ,  The  possesses  the  largest  circulation  of  any  newspaper  printed  in  Wales  or  Cheshire  (vide  last  House  of  Commons  return),  and,  from  its  high  character  among  pro provincial  vincial provincial  journals,  offers  decidedly  the  best  medium  for  adver advertising  tising advertising  in  the  principality  The  present  scale  of  charges  is  as  follows  1  to  2  lines  3  lines.  •  is  6d.  6  1ine5......  .  .  .  ..2s.  Od.  9  lines  2s  6d.  .  and  so  on,  sixpence  for  every  three  lines.  up  to  21  (4s  6d),  afterwards  sixpence  for  every  two  additional  lines.  When  the  advertisement  is  above  Is,  a  discount  will  be  allowed  o  these  charges  for  a  number  of  insertions  paid  for  in  cash.  Post-office  orders  to  be  made  payable  to  James  Rees,  pr  prietor.  Average  weekly  circulation  of  the  during  th  last  three  months,  above  1,700  ;  average  weekly  circulation,  during  the  past  month,  2,000."
