text
"THURSDAY  NEXT,  On  THURSDAY  next,  the  Ist  December,  at  One  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  Saleroom,  Derby-buildings,  t  04,,;  The  Chester-built  Barque  Ate.:;  ELIZABETH  RADCLIFFE  222  tons  register,  built  in  1834,.  classed  12  years  A  1  to  1846,  was  continued  4  years  A  1,  had  special  survey  in  1852,  when  she  was  classed  red  star,  and  resheathed  with  yellow  metal,  is  now  discharging  her,  cargo  in  the  Albert  dock,  and  is  both  abundantly  found  in  stores,  and  in  first-rate  condition.  Length  93  9-12,  breadth  23  1-12,  depth  15  6-12.—Apply  to  Messrs.  J.  Prowse  and  Co.,  owners  ;  or  to  TONGE,  CURRY,  &amp;  CO.,  Brokers.  Chimney  glass,  timepiece,  paintings,  pictures,  piano  -forte,  &amp;c.,  Crown-street,  top  of  Pembroke-place,  BY  MR.  HILL,  On  THURSDAY  next,  the  Ist  December,  at  Eleven  o'clock,  on  the  Premises,  Crown-street,  GENTEEL  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  sets  mahogany  and  other  chairs,  sofas,  couches,  and  sofa  beds,  centre,  Pembroke,  card,  snap,  and  lady's  work  tables,  easy  chairs,  carpets  and  rugs,  mahogany  cabinets  and  chiffonier,  marble-top  side  or  hall  table,  fenders  fire  irons,  hall  chairs,  tables,  lobby  .  clOth,  stair  carpets,  Ads,  mats,  modern  eight-day  timepiece,  mahogany  and  other  excellent  four-post  camp,  tent,  French,  and  half-tester  bed bedsteads,  steads, bedsteads,  mattresses,  feather  beds,  chests  drawers,  dressing  and  toilet  tables  and  stands,  glasses,  ware,  commodes,  wardrobe  cane  and  other  chairs,  carpeting,  damask  curtains,  and  other  furniture,  kit  c  h  en  t  a  bl  es  ,  c  h  a  i  rs  ,  utensils,  generairequisites  clock,  &amp;c.  On  THURSDAY,  the  Bth  December  next,  at  Three  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  Saleroom,  3,  York-buildings,  Dale-street,  The  splendid  Screw  Steam  Ship,  11111k\  ...  VICTORY;  AS  4  -  Length  144  feet  4-10ths.  B  A==  -  Breadth  25  feet  2-10ths.  Depth  Depth  from  spar  deck  Registered  tonnage,  297  tons  ;  total  measurement,  including  spar  deck,  617  tone.  Built  of  iron,  in  1849,  under  the  par particular  ticular particular  inspection  of  an  eminent  surveyor,  her  scantlings  are  unusually  heavy,  more  so  than  any  other  vessel  of  her  ton tonnage  nage tonnage  afloat,  she  has  four  water-tight  bulkheads,  secured  with  strong  angle  iron  beams  crossing,  her  engines  are  by  Hicks  &amp;  Son,  of  Bolton,  with  cylinders  50  inches  diameter  each,  and  4  ft.  6  ins.  stroke,  estimated  power  170  horses,  with  expansive  gear,  and  small  engine  for  feeding  boilers;  the  latter  are  in  good  order,  having  lately  received  new  brass  tubing,  and  they,  with  the  engines,  were  thoroughly  over overhauled  hauled overhauled  within  the  last  nine  months,  at  a  cost  of  £lBOO,  she  has  superior  accommodation  for  forty  cabin  passengers,  is  full  schooner  rigged  with  three  masts;  has  a  spar  deck,  covered  with  gratings,  which  can  be  laid  solid,  securing  space  for  a  very  large  cargo;  speed  under  steam  twelve  miles  an  h  our  ,  un  d  er  sa  il  very  fast,  draft  of  water,  loaded,  12  feet  aft,  104  feet  forward,  shifts  without  ballast,  and  can  go  to  sea  with  20  tons,  is  peculiarly  suitable  for  the  Medi Mediterranean  terranean Mediterranean  or  Australian  trades,  particularly  the  latter,  her  light  draft  enabling  her  to  go  up  to  the  wharf  at  Melbourne  lying  in  dock,---For  inventories  and  further  particulars,  apply  to  ••  CUNARD,  MUNN  and  Co.,  Brokers.  HOUSE  AGENTS  HAVING  PREMISES  TO  LET  OR  SELL  '  SHOULD  ADVER  T  I  S  E  IN  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  AT  A  CHARGE  OP  S.I  X  P  E  .N  C  E.  Offices-19,  SOUTH  JOHN  STREET,  LIVERPOOL;  9,  PRINCESS  STREET,  MANCHESTER.  SERVANTS  WANTING  SITUATIONS  PERSONS  WANTING  SERVANTS,  should  Advertise  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,"
