text
"THE  RUGELEY  POISONINGS  A.  London  cotemporary  of  last  night,  publishes  the  following,  under  ithe  astoundingh:ead,  Supposed  murder  of  the  late  Lord  George  Bentinck:  The  inquiries  instituted  at  Rugeley  and  Stafford,  with  relation  to  the  antecedents  of  William  Palmer  and  his  associates,  have  brought  several  new  circumstances  to  light  of  a  mysterious  and  appalling  character.  The  names  of  other  persons,  either  missing  or  known  to  be  deceased,  have  been  mentioned  as  having  suddenly  dis disappeared  appeared disappeared  from  Rugeley,  and  it  is  now  ascertained,  upon  the  evidence  of  two  or  three  persons,  that  Palmer  was  seen  in  the  company  of  the  lite  George  Bentinck  on  the  day  of  his  death.  It  it  also  said  that  he  had  had  betting  transactions  with  the  noble  lord,  and  owed  him  a  considerable  sum  of  money  at  the  time  of  his  death.  This  information  has  tended  to  heighten  the  excitement  already  prevailing  in  Stafford,  Nottingham,  and  Lichfield,  where  the  accused,  Palmer,  is  well  known,  Additional  inquiries  have  been  set  on  foot  to  trace  Palmer's  move movements  ments movements  on  the  day  on  which  Lord  George  Bentinck's  body  was  found  in  the  field,  and  it  is  stated  that  there  are  witnesses  in  Nottingham  who  can  depose  to  having  seen  Palmer  and  Lord  George  Bentinck  together  for  some  time  before  the  death  of  the  Another  London  evening  journal  of  last  night  also  refers  to  the  rumours  suggested  by  the  preceding  article  :  Is  it  true  that  Palmer,  the  Rugeley  surgeon,  was  seen  in  company  with  Lord  George  Bentinck  a  short  time  before  his  death  ?  It  is  so  stated,  with  the  addition  that  Palmer  was  a  loser  in  heav3  bets  with  Lord  George.  Things  of  this  kind  are  so  likely  to  be  said,  if  there  is  the  shadow  of  a  fact  to  rest  them  upon,  that  they  must  be  received  with  something  more  than  caution—with  the  presumption  that  of  all  the  stories  afloat  much  must  be  idle  gossip.  It  would,  however,  be  a  caricature  of  judicial  delicacy,  to  affect  ignorance  of  some  great  facts  that  heap  suspicion  on  suspicion.  The  amounts  of  insur insurance  ance insurance  affected  by  Palmer  on  persens  who  have  since  died,  and  who  are  not  supposed  to  have  had  expectations  at  all  commensurate  with  the  sums  insured,  the  successive  insur insurance  ance insurance  of  a  brother's  life,  and  a  wife's,  followed  up  by  the  pro proposal,  posal, proposal,  to  insure  the  life  of  a  servant,  the  fraudulent  character  of  the  last  transaction,  with  several  other  cir circumstances,  cumstances, circumstances,  contribute  to  the  darkest  i  nc  id  ents  of  a  romance  which  is  developing  itself  slowly  before  our  aight.  As  it  now  stands,  there  is  no  English  story  which  vies  with  the  Rugeley  poisoning  case  in  its  interest  and  horrors.  We  must  go  abroad,  we  must  seek  beyond  tne  case  of  Laffarge,  and  pass  to  Brinvilliers,  or  Borgia,  to  find  a  parallel.  Should  the  investigation  before  a  judge  acquit  the  accused  man,  the  case  will  excel  even  those  of  Brin Brinvilliers  villiers Brinvilliers  and  Borgia,  since  it  will  add  the  surprise  of  acquittal  to  the  suspended  interest  of  accusal—to  the  drama  of  Borgia,  modernised  a  la  Wainwright,  adding  the  innocence  of  Eliza  Fenning,  only  with  a  a  happy  Certainly  Palmer  will  have  a  fair  trial.  No  can  injure  him;  to  avoid  allusion  to  his  case  would  be  the  cant  of  forbearance  ;  for  the  suspicious  facts  have  theniselves  accumulated  a  weight  of  prejudice  which  discussion  can  only  qnalify,  not  increase.  As  the  story  stands  thus'  far  unfolded,  we  are  forced  to  the  shuddering  suspicion  that  there  had  been  a  man  amongst  us  who  would,  and  could,  sacrifice  a  fellow-sportsman,  a  brother,  a  wife,  a  visitor,—his  constant  or  casual  com companions  panions companions  in  all  ranks,  from  his  own  servant  to  th  e  h  o  p  e  o  f  a  political  party.  If  the  story  is  at  all  as  it  now  looks,  that  man  would  assail  the  highest  in  the  laud,  and  would  use  his  victims  as  his  accomplices  and  instruments,  and  all  under  cover  of  the  refinements  and  guarantees  of  our  civilization.  Mis  certainly  is  a  tale  of  mystery  that  ought  to  be  explored  to  its  last  recesses,  [We  abstain  from  comment,  beyond  the  remark  that  a  Coroner's  verdict  pronounced  the  death  of  the  late  leader  of  the  Protectionist  party  in  the  House  of  Commons  to  have  arisen:from  natural  causes—no  doubt  from  disease  of  the  heart.  In  common  with  the  whole  community,  we  await  the  adjourned  inquiry  at  Rugeley  with  increasing  anxiety.—En.  N.  D.  T.]"
