text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  MEETING  OF  PRESTON  MANUFACTURERS.  FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PRESTON,  DEC.  1.  —This  morning,  a  meeting  of  the  Asso Associated  ciated Associated  Masters  of  Preston  and  the  neighbourhood,  was  held  at  the  Bull  Hotel,  in  this  town  ;  Mr.  T.  MILLER,  in  the  chair.  After  a  brief  debate,  the  annexed  resolutions  were  unanimously  adopted  :-  1.  neither  the  prospects  of  trade,  nor  the  position  taken  by  the  work-people,  enable  us  to  recede  from  or  to  modify  the  resolutions  of  the  4th  November,  1853.  -  2.  It  having  been  alleged  that  persons  willing  to  accept  work,  do  not  know  where  to  apply  for  the  same.  —Resolved,  in  conformity  with  the  resolution  of  the  4th  November,  1853,  that  public  notice  be  given,  that  applications  for  em employment  ployment employment  will  be  received  at  the  mills  now  closed,  every  working  day,  from  ten  o'clock,  a.m.,  till  four  o'clock,  p.m.,  and  that  when  a  sufficient  number  of  hands  to  enable  us  to  open  our  mills,  shall  have  applied  for  work,  the  com committee  mittee committee  do  forthwith  convene  a  general  meeting  of  the  asso association.  ciation. association.  3.  That  this  meeting  do  now  adjourn  till  Thursday,  the  29th  Copies  of  the  foregoing  resolutions  have  been  pla placarded  carded placarded  throughout  the  town,  with  the  following  notice  ap appended  pended appended  :  NOTICE,  is  hereby  given,  that  in  conformity  with  the  above  resolutions,  applications  for  employment  will  be  re received  ceived received  at  the  mills  now  closed,  on  and  after  Monday,  the  sth  of  December,  1853,  from  ten  o'clock  in  the  forenoon,  till  four  o'clock  in  the  afternoon.  order  of  the  Rumours  were  rife  in  the  town,  yesterday,  that  a  breach  of  the  peace  was  to  ');  apprehended  on  the  occasion  of  the  masters'  meeting  to-  lay  ;  but  as  yet  nothing  has  occurred  to  indicate  any  disposition  on  the  part  of  the  operatives  to  com commit  mit commit  any  outrage  upon  persons  or  property  ;  on  the  contrary,  their  conduct  has  been  uniformly  such  as  to  elicit  the  com commendation  mendation commendation  of  high  authorities.  After  an  open  air  meeting  of  spinners  and  others,  held  in  the  Orchard  this  morning,  resolutions  were  passed,  pledging  those  present  not  to  resume  labour  without  an  unconditional  advance  of  ten  per  cent  and  to  support  the  union  ;  similar  resolutions  were  agreed  to  at  a  meeting  of  weavers  yesterday  afternoon.  CORPORATION  OF  LONDON.-CHAMBERLAIN.  At  the  examination  on  Wednesday  by  the  commissioners  at  present  inquiring  into  the  condition  of  the  London  corporation,  Mr.  Thomas  Plant  Rose,  who  acted  at  the  last  election  for  city  chamberlain  as  confidential  of  Mr.  Scott,  who  contested  the  office  with  Sir  John  Key,  the  successful  candidate,  gave  this  evidence  :  Do  you  mean  that  generally  there  is  a  considerable  ex expenditure  penditure expenditure  incurred  in  elections  for  the  office  of  C  hamber hamberlain  lain hamberlain  ?—Very  generally.  Are  there  not  many  persons  employed  as  colourmen,  canvassers,  and  so  op  ?—A  great  number.  What  do  they  receive  ?—Their  average  is  pay  is  about  7s.  6d.  or  10s.  a-day.  Do  you  mean  to  say  that  no  sums  higher  than  that  are  paid  to  persons  who  are  voters  who  act  in  that  capacity  ?  —Some  are  paid  as  much  as  £1  a-day  who  are  employed  in  that  way.  Mr.  LEvvis.—Do  you  know  the  total  amount  that  was  expended  by  Mr.  Scott  in  his  election  ?—I  think  about  £3,400.  Was  no  payment  made  directly  to  voters  ?—I  never  saw  any.  Do  you  believe  that  there  was  ?—I  have  heard  that  there  was,  but  I  saw  none  of  it.  _  _  Do  you  know  what  Sir  J.  Key's  expenses  were  ?—I  have  been  told  about  £7,000.  __  _  .  _  Do  you  believe  that  such  a  sum  could  have  been  spent  bona  fide  for  agency  ?—lt  could  not.  Do  you  believe  that  any  part  of  that  money  expended  on  behalf  of  Sir  John  Key  was  directly  expended  in  bribing  voters  ?—I  believe  it  was.  Any  considerable  part  ?—I  believe  a  considerable  part.  Do  you  believe  that  the  election  was  gained  by  Sir  John  Key  by  such  means  ?—I  have  no  doubt  of  it.  A  meeting  to  sympathise  with  the  Preston  was  held  in  London  on  Wednesday  night.  The  proceedings  were  not  interesting."
