text
"iven  to  speaking,  but  he  vas  Li  upon  committees,  y  seldom  absent  ad  was  in  evc  I  should  e  rman  then  a  representa representa(Hear,  (Hear, representa(Hear,  hear.)  there  would  ;tated  that,  in  his  opir  lectiori,  for  he  had  it  from  Mr.  Ailien's  own  lips  hat  day,  t  would  not  become  a  mdidate.  (Hear;  laear.)  3.G.  Aiken,  they  all  knew,  was  most  respectable  man,  a  man  well  f  councillor,•  and  who  had  gained  the  CF.  ut  Mr.  Aiken  had  stated  that  he  had  alre  for  the  office  teem  of  all  parties  ;  leal  of  his  time  up  to  the  public  service,  ;pare  any  more.  He  did  not  think  th,  xdy  given  a  great  he  could  not  e  was  any  other  ;entleman  likely  to  come  forward,  for  he  did  :ould  look  for  any  opposition  from  Mr.  ,hought  it  would  be  an  insult  to  the  elec  hey  -  The  c  not  think  they  M'Clellan.  lie  tors  of  that  ward,  if  ;hairman  then  con con'entleman  'entleman con'entleman  who  were  to  receive  .  opposition  , STYLE=superscript  luaed  by  declaring  his  readiness  to  hear  an)  had  a  proposition  to  put  forward.  Mr.  JOHN  REIINER  proposed  the  following  resolution:—  That  W.  C.  Jeffreys,  Esq.,  is  a  fit  and  proper  person  to  represent  this  ward  in  the  Town  Council,  and  that  his  past  services  have  been  such  as  to  entitle  him  to  our  united  support,  upon  the  first  of  November  Mr.  Renner  supported  the  proposition  in  a  brief  address  . STYLE=superscript  eulogistic  of  the  merits  of  Mr.  Jeffreys.  _  -  •  onded  the  resolution,  expressing.,  in  anions  whiel  hai  of  Mr.  Jeffr  Mr.  RIG  tn.  n:ds,  his  full  concurren  put  forward,  regarding_  the  qualificatithm  The  resolution  was  put  and  carried  unanimcrusl  .  The  CHAIRMAN  informed  the  meeting  that  Mr.  Jeffreys,  Ind  those  who  supported  him,  had  succeeded  so  far  as  to  nduce  the  council  to  take  into  consideration  the  improve improvecent  cent improvecent  of  Park-land,  and  to  begin  forthwith  at  the  bottom  4'  it.  (Hear,  hear,  and  applause.)  Mr.  JEFFREYS  was  then  introduced  by  the  proposer  and  econder  of  the  resolution,  and  received  with  loud  applause.  the  Secretary  of  the  ward  presented  to  Mr.  176  electors  of  the  ward,  1/candidate,  and  I  con conval  val conval  11:8  services  had  Mr.  CALLI  •neck  by  Jeffreys  a  regulation  calling  upon  him  to  come  forwaid  gratulated  Mr.  Jeffreys  upon  the  api  met  with.  Mr.  JEFFRETS  then  adressed  the  meeting,  h  id  that  ►able  of"
