text
"TO  THE  EDITOR  OP  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Six,--I  spoke  the  ship  Isaac  Wright,  Capt.  Abell,  at  5  A.M.  29th  ult,  who  requested  me  to  report  his  ship  with  rudder  gone  and  leaking  badly  he,  also  wanted  a  steam-boat  im  mediately.  There  was  no  consultation  held  as  regarded  the  best  means  to  be  adopted,  nor  did  I  pretend  to  know  where  the  ship  struck,  but  only  knew  the  position  in  which  she  then  was,  namely,  longtitude  8  0,  latitude  50  50.  JOHN  SMITH  HATFIELD,  Captain  of  the  ship  Oncanasta.  [The  above  letter  is  inserted  at  the  request  of  the  writer,  to  correct  an  erroneous  statement  which  appeared  in  a  con contemporary.—En.  temporary.—En. contemporary.—En.  N.  D.  T.]  .  THE  EMIGRANT  SHIP  AMONGST  THE  PASSENGERS.—The  emigrant  ship,  for  whose  safety  some  fears  were  entertained,  arrived  in  the  Mersey  at  an  early  hour  yesterday  morning.  We  regret  to  say  that  Asiatic  Cholera  broke  out  amongst  the  passengers  before  the  arrival  of  the  vessel  in  the  river,  and,  although  the  number  of  deaths  on  board  cannot  be  accurately  ascertamed,  it  is  stated  by  the  passengers  as  varying  from  thirty  to  fifty.  The  whole  of  the  surviving  passengers  were  landed  last  evening  and  conveyed  to  the  workhouse.  In  addition  to  those  who  died  outside,  upwards  of  thirty  of  the  emigrants  are  at  present  suffering  from  cholera  in  the  -Work -Workhouse, STYLE=superscript  house, -Workhouse,  and  it  is  feared  a  great  number  of  these  cases  will  terminate  fatally.  If  the  statements  of  some  of  the  emi emigrants,  grants, emigrants,  at  present  in  the  Workhouse  Hospital,  be  true,  an  immediate  investigation  is  imperatively  demanded,  not  alone  on  the  part  of  the  local  authorities,  but  also  On  the  part  of  the  government  of  the  country.  AUSTRALIAN  MAILS.—A  mail  will  be  despatched  from  this  port  to  day,  by  the  Neleus.  Another  favourable  op opportunity  portunity opportunity  of  communicating  with  Australian  colonies,  offers  by  the  Harbinger  steamer,  which  sails  from  Southampton  on  Thursday.  GRISI  AND  MARIO  AT  THE  PHILHARMONIC  HALL.  —The  concert  announced  for  last  night  was  numerously  at attended,  tended, attended,  the  singing  of  Grisi  and  Mario  was  as.  usual,  beyond  praise,  and  these  two  great  stars  were  well  supported  by  the  performers  of  lesser  rank.  MAIL  STEAMERS.—The  United  States  Mail  steam steamship  ship steamship  Atlantic,  sails  to-day  for  New  York.  The  Neleus,  steam-ship,  also  sails  to-day  from  this  port  for  Australia,  carrying  her  Majesty's  mails.  THE  LANCASHIRE  ARTILLERY  CORPS.—The  newly  enrolled  regiment  of  royal  artillery  volunteers  assembled  yesterday  for  a  month's  training,  at  the  depot  at  Everton.  Beyond  the  men  receiving  their  outfit  nothing  was  done.  The  regiment  will  assemble  for  training  this  morning.  REVISION  OP  THE  MUNICIPAL  BURGESS  LlST.—Yesterday  was  fixed  by  his  worship  the  Mayor  for  the  holding  of  a  Court  to  revise  the  municipal  bUrgess  roll  ;  but,  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  Court  for  the  parliamentary  revision  being  still  sitting,  the  former  was  adjourned,  to  ten  o'cloCk  on  Friday  next.  MORTALITY  AMONGST  THE  EMIGRANTS  OF  THE  SILAS  6REENMAN.--:Since  Sunday,  the  number  of  deaths  , STYLE=superscript  amongst  the  passengers  belonging  to  this  vessel,  who  were  removed  to  the  Workhouse,  have  been  twelve.  Most  of  them  are  Germans;  and  though  in  many  cases  ASiatic  cholera  decidedly  evinced  itself,  still  it  would  be  difficult  to  attribute  their  death  solely  to  that  scourge,  as  they  were  all  seriausly,debilitated  by  continuous  diarrhce.  A  CASE  OF  CHOLERA  IN  LIVERPOOL.—We  are  con concerned  cerned concerned  to  say,  that  a  case  of  fatal  Asiatic  cholera  occurred  yesterday  in  Liverpool.  The  deceased,  Patrick  Palmer,  lived  in  11  Court,  Milton-street.  He  was  removed  to  the  Work Workhouse  house Workhouse  at  one  o'clock  in  the  morning,  and  he  died  at  the  same  hour,  in  the  afternoon.  He  was  quite  well  the  evening  previous,  and,  as  we  are  given  to  understand,  his  friends  say,  that  he  complained  of  no  symptom  that  could  denote  the  approach  of  cholera.  LIVERPOOL  AND  THE  LISBON  BOARD  OF  HEALTH.—  According  to  a  statement  in  another  part  of  our  paper,  it  will  be  seen  that  Lisbon  letters  have  been  received  to  the  29th  ult.  '  from  which  ,  we  learn  that  the.  Lisbon  Board  of  Health  had  decreed  Liverpool  to  be  a  suspected  port,  in  consequence  of  advices  sent  out  by  the  Portuguese  consul,  on  the  19th  ult.,  by  the  Gannet,  steamer,  and  it  was  ex expected  pected expected  that  all  subsequent  vessels  from  Liverpool  would  be  subject  to  quarantine  in  Portuguese  ports.  ILLEGALITY  OF  THE  WOOLTON  HIGHWAY'RATES.  —The  usual  Petty  'Sessions  for  the  Prescott  Division  was  held  *yesterday,  •  before  T.  Rodiek,  and  Thomas  E.  Moss,  Esqrs.,  when  five  parties  appeared  to  show  cause  why  they  did  not  pay  the  highway  rates  during  the  last  five  years  for  the  township  of  Much  Woolton.  Mr.  Sewell,  the  collector,  said  that  one  of  the  parties  was  summoned  for  £1  Bs.  4d.  rates,  due  up  to  March,  in  the  present  yea  r  .  Mr.  Rodick  :—Why,  here  are  five  years'  rates  summoned  for;  how  is  this,  have  you  never  been  asked  for  them  be before  fore before  ?  Defendant  :  sir.  I  never  had  a  rate  paper  left  before.  Mr.  Rodrick  (to  the  collector)  I  don't  see  why  you  should  go  back  so  far  as  five  years'.  Here  are  a  uum uumberof  berof uumberof  'persons  summoned  here  for  the  first  time,  and  asked  to  pay  these  rates.  I  think  it  most  unjust,  if  it  is  the  law.  In  the  course  of  an  explanation  which  was  given,  it  trans transpired  pired transpired  that  the  rates  for  1852  and  1853  were  illegal,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of.  their  having  been-  laid.  by  a  single  magistrate,  instead  of  two  or  more,-  es  required  by  the  statute.  On  this  explanation  being  tendered,  Mr.  Rodick-said  that  the  rates  for  1852  and  1853  must  be  expunged,  and  they  would  have  nothing  to  do  with  the  back  rates,  The  cases,  there therefore,  fore, therefore,  must  be  all  dismissed,  ANTI-SLAVERY  LECTURE  LAST  NIGHT.  LAST  Night  a  lectitre  was  delivered,  according  to  announce announcement,  ment, announcement,  by  J..lll‘liinui  Esq.,  upon  the  present  position,  and  the  prospects  of  the  slavery  abolition  movement  in  America.  The  lecture  was  delivered  in  the  room  of  the  Bible  Society,  Slater=street,  at  seven  o'clock,  and  the  audience  was  very  numerous;  •  The  chair  was  taken  by  the  1161  ViiSaveis  BISHOP  ,  who,  after  some  brief  remarks  upon  the  cause  of  slaVery  abolition,  and  the  difficutlies  which  surrounded  its  advocacy  in  Amer America,  ica, America,  introduced  the  lecturer  as  one  of  that  noble  band  of  men  and  women  in  America,  who  had  devoted  themselves  to  the  promotion  of  that  cause,  who  had  put.  their  hand  to  the  plough,  and  by  the  blessing_  of  God  had  strewn,  amid  contumely  of  no  ordinary  kind  )  and  persecution,  and  •  social  and  petty  exclusion,  a  fidelity  to  that  cause  which  every  true-hearted  Man  niust  admire.  He  therefore  felt  great  pleasurein  requesting  Mr)  M‘liirr  whem  he  had  had  the  opportunity  )  and  the  g  .  reat  privilege  of  becoming  per.  sonally  Acquainted  with  in  Philadelphia,  to  give  some  •  account  of  the  labours  of  the  abolitionists,  the  principles  by  which  they  were  actuated,  and  the  modes  by  which  they  proposed  to  carry  out  the  great  objects  which  they  had  in  •  view,  the  final  and  total  overthrow  of  that  gigantic  abomi abomination,  nation, abomination,  human  . STYLE=superscript  slavery.  (Applause.)  Mr.  M'liinn  then  proceeded  to  address  the  nieeting.  After  sonic  introductory  remarks,  the  lecturer  observed  that  his  . STYLE=superscript  views  upon  that  question,  and  the  expressions  which  he  would  eniploy,  did  not  arise  from  any  preferences  to  Monar Monarchical  chical Monarchical  or  democratic  institutionS  )  for  he  heartily  preferred  the  form  of  government  which  prevailed  in  his  own  country,  and  there  was  something  grossly  revolting  •to  him  in  the  inequalities  of  wealth  and  fictitious  distinctions  of  rank,  which  he  perceived  in  England.  He  was  ready  to  adMit  that  it  was  quite  possible  an  Englishman  might  make  a  tour  through  the  entire,  of  America,  and  never  see  stripes  inflicted  upon  the  slave,  or  any  of  the  revolting  barbarities  resulting  from  the  slave  system.  He  might  not  have  seen  as  much  physical  destitution  as  he  had  met  with  in  tours  through  that  country  and  the  continent.  He  might  have  found  the  Americans  of  the  south,  as  Well  as  those  of  the  north,  as  hospitable,  as  honest,  and  as  upright  in  their  dealings  as  those  whom  they  had  left  behind  upon  their  own  shores.  He  might  also  have  heard  almost  universal  testimony  ex expressed  pressed expressed  against  the  abolitionists,  as  an  unreasonable,  un un.reasoning  .reasoning un.reasoning  set,  fanatical,  injudicious,  and  with  a  disposition  to  disorganize.  But  were  all  these  facts',  however,  fully  admitted,  a  plea  for  the  existence  of  slavery  in  America  ?  Let  them  take  the  nature  of  slavery  as  defined  in  the  laws  of  the  slave-owners  themselves.  Tile  code  of  South  Carolina  A  slave  shall  be  deemed,  taken,  and  adjudged  by  law,  to  be  a  chattel  personal  in  the  hands  of  his  owner,  his  heirs,  executors,  administrators,  and  assigns,  to  all  intents,  constructions,  and  purposes  The  Louisiana  code  was  in  somewhat  different  The  slave  is  said  the  revised  code.  of  Louisiana,  is  in  the  power  of  the  master  to  whom  he  belongs,—the  master  may  sell  him,  dispose  of  his  person,  or  his  industry  ;  all  that  he  is,  and  all  that  he  has  ;  and  all  that  he  can  acquire,  is  the  property  of  his  On  these  definitions  he  contended  that  there  could  be  no  worse  injury  heaped  upon  a  man,  even  by  taking  away  his  life,  than  by  thus  converting  him  into  a  mere  chattel,  and  treating  him,  all  intents,  con constructions,  structions, constructions,  and  purposes  as  a  mere  article  of  marketable  property.  (Loud  applause,)  It  might  be  said,  that  the  law  was  more  severe  than  the  actual  system,  and  that  things  abstractedly  appeared  much  worse  than  they  were  in  the  concrete.  But  he  contended,  that  if  any  lesson  was  taught  in  the  history  of  the  world,  it  was,  that  no  human  being,  even  the  most  pre-eminently  good,  could  be  safely  trusted  with  unlimited  power  over  another.  (Ap (Applause.)  plause.) (Applause.)  The  lecturer  illustrated  this  observation  by  several  examples  drawn  from  history,  and  from  his  own  experience,  and  dwelt  upon  the  manner  in  which  English  people,  going  to  America,  by  suppressing  their  feelings  at  first,  became  gradually  accustomed  to  witness  the  system  there,  and  filially,  either  became  supporters  of  slavery,  or  at  least  reconciled  to  it.  Upon  the  other  hand,  the  pas passage  sage passage  across  here  seemed  to  have  a  contrary  effect  upon  Americans,  and  many  who  were  never  heard  to  lift  their  voices  against  the  slave  system  in  America,  became  strong  opponents  to  it  when  they  had  been  some  time  in  England.  By  English  travellers  in  America,  an  argument  was  grounded  upon  the  fact,  that  the  slave  was  generally  well  treated.  He  had  not  himself  seen  many  of  the  cases  of  cruelty  which  were  related  upon  good  authority—he  knew  nothing  from  personal.  observation  of  the  treatment  of  the  slave  in  the  cotton  plantations,  in  the  rice  swamp,  or  the  sugar-mills  of  the  south.  There,  it  •  was  stated  that  slavery  of  the  worst  description  existed,'  and  if  the  system  had  any  evil  attendant  upon  it,  its  supporters  admitted  that  it  was  to  be  found  there.  His  residence  was  Philadelphia,  and  there  he  had  many  op opportunities  portunities opportunities  of  fugitive  slaves,  and  they  were  such  as  were  generally  consideted  well-treated  slaves,  slaves  who  had  more  than  the  ordinary  amount  of  liberty,  whO  were  allowed  a  holiday  sometimes,  who  had  more  than  the  ordinary  amount  of  if  telligence,  and  were  even  allowed  to  acquire  a  little  money  for  themselves.  Yet  these  men  braved  the  most  ex extraordinary  traordinary extraordinary  dangers,  they  fled  from  the  south,  guided  only  at  night,  by  the  north  star,  they  .  waded  rivers,  and  made  their  way  through  swamps,  hiding  in  the  day,  and  pursuing  their  course  at  night,  daring  incredible  perils,  in  order  to  enjoin  ..the  boon  of  liberty.  (Loud.  applause).  The  lecturer  narrated  several  instances  of  this  character,  and  proceeded  to  say  that  there  were  what  were  called  well-treated  slaves  ;  but  there  was,  in  reality,  no  such  thing  as  a  well-treated  slave.  (Loud  applause).  It  was  not  possible  to  make  a  man  a  chattel  and  treat  him  well.  He  might  be  treated  well  as  a  horse  or  a  dog  was  treated  well.  Food  and  protection  from  the  cold  were  all  that  was  required  as  good  treatment  for  the  horse  or  the  dog,  but  was  that  -good  treatment  for  a  man  with  an  immortal  soul,  with  the  affections,  aspirations,  and  attributes  of  a  being  created  to  th  e  i  mage  oiGod.  It  was  a  blasphemy  to  talk  about  treating  a  man  well  and  keeping  him  a  slave.  (Long  and  general  applause).  It  was  the  same,  whether  it  was  done  by  the  brutal  Legrees  of  the  south,  or  the  amiable  and  accomplished  Christian  minister,  for  he  regretted  to  say,  that  they  had  persons  who  enjoyed  that  reputation,  and  a  fair  proportion  of  them,  who  held  slaves  just  as  others  did.  He  had  seen  something  of  the  slave  trade,  but  only  in  its  mildest  form  ;  yet  some  occurrences  which  he  had  witnessed,  were  a  sufficient  reply  to  the  arguments  which  had  been  brought  forward  by  those  who  opposed  the  abolition  move movement.  ment. movement.  He  had  seen  a  slave  leaving  the  city  of  Washington  put  his  head  out  of  the  car,  and  heard  him  call  out  with  a  sort  of  melancholy  satisfaction  to  the  field-workers  who  were  leaning  on  their  Farewell,  I  have  my  whole  family  with  But  he  did  not  know  that  when  an  advertise advertisement  ment advertisement  appeared  for  500  likely  young  negroes,  they  wanted  the  likely  young  negroes  for  the  plantation,  the  women  to  serve  as  cooks  in  the  city,  and  the  children  to  be  sent  to  some  other  district.  The  lecturer  then  proceeded  to  repel  . STYLE=superscript  the  c  h  arge  which  had  been  made  against  the  leaders  of  the  abolition  party  in  America,  that  they  were  infidels  and  irreligious  men  opposed  to  the  church  and  to  the  clergy,  and  not  only  that  , STYLE=superscript  but  also  opposed  to  the  marriage  tie.  He  defended  William  Lloyd  Garrison  who  was  generally  looked  upon  as  the  leader  of  the  abolitionist  party  in  America,  from  the  charges  which  had  been  made  against  him  in  a  religious  journal,  published  at  that  side  of  the  water,  that  he  was  op opposed  posed opposed  to  the  marriage  tie.  All  he  would  ask  was,  that  peo people  ple people  would  become  acquainted  with  those  men  whom  they  maligned,  some  of  them  unintentionally  :  others,  all  the  charity  he  could  summon,  would  not  allow  him  to  say  unin— unintentionally.  tentionally. unintentionally.  He  believed  there  were  those,  who  wilfully  ut uttered  tered uttered  these  gross  calumnies—for  gross  calunmies  they  were.  (Applause.)  He  would  wish  that  many  people  who  spoke  in  such  a  manner,  were  acquainted  with'  Garrison,  and  Phillips,  and  Quincey—  with  the  conductors  of  the  Anti-slavery  i  Stan Standard,  dard, Standard,  and  the  Executive  Committee  of  the  S  oc  i  e  ty  n  New  York  and  Philadelphia,  and  learned  what  .  was  the  governing  principle  of  their  minds  and  hearts,  and  he  was  sure.many  of  ,them  would  no  more  repeat  or  give  -  ear  to  these  charges  of  infidelity.  (Renewed  applause.)  On  the  contrary,  he  contended  that  the  leading  advocate  o  abolition  were  always  remarkable  for  the  purity  of  their  motives,  and  the  rectitude  'of  their  characters.  It  was  true  indeed,  that  'many  of  them  had  been  compelled  to  express  opinions  strongly  at  variance  with  those  held  by  many  of  the  ministers  of  religion  in  America.  The  American  clergy,  many  of  them,  held  slaves,  and  sanctioned  slavery  by  example  as  well  as  by  precept  ;  and  were,  in  fact,  the  great  bulwarks  of  the  slave  system  in  that  country.  The  leaders  of  the  anti-slavery  .movement  were  therefore  compelled,  as  the  friends  of  true  religion,  to  denounce  those  ministers  of  the  church  who  upheld  that  system.  If,  to  denounce  such  men  deserved  the  name  of  infidelity,  then  indeed,  the  leaders  of  the  anti-slavery•movement  were  infidels.  The  leeturer  read  several  passages  from  the  sermons  of  clergymen  of  different  persuasions  in  America,  declaring  that  the  system  of  slavery,  was  one  sanctioned  by  religion.  He  also,  read  portions  of  a  sermon,  preached  by  an  American  bishop,  to  a  negro  con congregation,  gregation, congregation,  enjoining  them  to  o  b  e  y  the  comm  ands  o  f  th  e  i  r  masters,  as  they  would  the  commands  of  God,  for  their  masters  were  placed  over  them  by  God.  The  preacher  quoted  the  text,  do  unto  others  as  you  • STYLE=superscript  would,  that  they  should  do  unto  The  lecturer  proceeded  to  say,  that  one  might  naturally  imagine  that  text  should  operate  as  an  argument'  against  the  system  of  slavery,  but  the  preacher  had  perverted  it  to  his  own  end,  by  telling  his  hearers  that  it  enjoined  them  to  do  unto  others  as  , STYLE=superscript  they  would  have  others  do  to  them  were  they  placed  in  similar  circumstances  ;  and  that  therefore,  they  should  work  for  their  masters  as  diligently,  and  obey  them  as  implicitly  as  they  would  wish  their  masters  should  work  for  them,  were  their  positiOns  changed.  That  was  precisely  the  same.  a  i  s  to  contend,  that  if  a  robber  put  a  pistol  to-the  breast  of  any  man  there,  and  demanded  his  money,  the,  man  attacked  should  make  no  resistance,  but  quietly  hand  out  his  purse;  because.he  would  wish,  were  he  in  the  Place  of  the  robber,  that  just  the  same  should  be  done  to  himself.  (Laughter  and  applause.)  They  surely  would  not  think  it  strange,  that  .  William  Lloyd  Garrison  and  his  friends  should  dendunee,  not  only  these  ministers  of  religion  in  the  '  south,  who  upheld,  by  precept  and  example,  the  system  of  slavery,  but  also  those  in  the  north;  who  associated  with  them,  apologized  for  them,  and  defended  them.  The  church  in  America  was  full.  of  men,  some  of  them  . STYLE=superscript  amongst  her  most  distinguished  ministers;  wh  o  'not  only  justified  the  acts  and  the  system  of  the  slave-oWners,  but  even  went  so  far  as  to  justify  the  infamous  fugitive  slave-law.  There  were  ministers,  of  all  denominations,  who  had  come  forward  in  defence  Of  that  law  which  had  hoirified  t  even,  ,  to  _,some  extent,  the  half-civilized.  nouneed  the  charges  which  had  been  made  agt  and  those  associated  with  him,  as  gross  calumnies  He  admitted  that  there  were  r  anti-slavery  association  whose  views  upon  certain  points  of  religion  might  not  concur  with  those  of  all  in  that  assemblage,  and  which,  perhaps,  might  not  be  correct,  but  they  had  made  the  basis  of  the  association,  the  principle  of  leaving  it  perfectly  open  to  persons  of  every  denomination  of  religious  belief,  and  even  td  those  of  no  - STYLE=superscript  denomination  at  all.  The  Lecturer  recounted  the  different  societies  which  had  been  successively  established  for  the  abolition  of  slavery  upon  the  principle  of  exclusiveness,  and  showed  how  they  had  all  in  their  turn  failed,  until  the  establishment  of  the  present  society,  which  left  its  platfotni  open  to  all  who  were  willing  to  work  in  the  cause,  no  matter  what  their  religious  belief.  He  then  announced  that  the  Anti-Slavery  Bazaar  was  to  be  held  in  Boston  )  in  about  six  weeks,  so  that  there  was  time  afforded  for  all  in  that  town  who  wished  to  give  it  their  assistance.  Another  Bazaar  was  to  be  held  in  Philadelphia,  in  about  the  same  space  of  time,  and  he  called  upon  those  present  to  give  their  assistance  to  that  city  also.  This  was  one  of  the  means  by  which  the  people  here  could  assist  the  movement  in  America.  They  had  still  many  obstacles  to  contend  with.  Formerly.  in  Philadelphia  the  advocates  of  abolition  were  assailed  with  mob  violence,  and  their  arguments  were  replied  to  with  brickbats  and  unmer unmerchantable  chantable unmerchantable  eggs.  (Laughter)  At  present,  they  had  not,  indeed,  those  difficulties  to  encounter  ;  but  they  had  to  en..  counter  the  passive  opposition  of  people  who  We  'object  to  slavery  as  much  as  you  do,  we  hate  the  system  as  strongly  as  you,  brit  we  think  you  are  too  fanatical  and  unreasonable,  arid  that  your  efforts  are  only  throwing  the  cause  back.  We  see  no  way  open  at  present  in  which  we  could  do  anything,  and  We  can  only  deplore  the  injury  which  has  been  done  by  your  mistaken  this  obstacle  Was  one  which  was  even  more  enervating  and  depressing  to  meet  with  than  the  bfiekzhatsi  the  rotten  eggs;  and  the  mob  violened,  heat:4  There.was  not  as  yet  a  will  in  America  to  abolish  slaverys  When  the  efforts  of  the  abolition  society  created  that  will;  which  he  trusted  and  believed  they  would  do,  there  would  be  found  a  way.  (Loud  applause.)  By  appealing  to  their  consciences,  to  - STYLE=superscript  their  fceliiigs,  by  touching  every  string  in  the  human  bosom  which  could  vibrate  to  the  touch,  they  hoped  to  pro produce  duce produce  that  revolution  in  the  feeling  of  the  masses  ;  which  was  called  a  change  in  public  sentiment;  which  he  felt  certain  would  be  the  precursor  of  universal  emancipation:  For  that  consummation.  they  Were  laboiiring—iii  thaenterprise  they  were  enlisted.  Upon  their  behalf  lie  Was  in  England;  and  he  was  in  that  room  ;  a  part  of  his  errand,  to  invite  the  co.:  operation  of  those  who  felt  interested  in  the  movement.  The  lecturer  then  thanked  the  audience  for  the  indulgence  with  which  they  had  listened  to  him,  and  resumed  his  seat  amidst  general  acclamation.  Mr,  WOODHEAD  briefly  proposed  a  resolution  embodying  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  to  Mr.  M'Kirr,  for  the  instruc instruction  tion instruction  he  had  afforded,  and  expressing  their  cordial  sympathy  with  the  efforts  of  the  American  Abolition  fiwiety.  Mr,  RAWLINS  seconded  the  motion.  The  CHAIRMAN  in  putting  it  to  the  meeting,  in  a  few  sentences,  stated  that  he  was  not  one  of  the  English  travel travellers  lers travellers  who  becanie  reconciled  to  the  slave  system  by  residence  in  America,  for  after  visiting  the  Southern  States  his  hatred  to  it  had  been  infinitely  augmented,  and  referred  to  scenes  which  he  had  witnessed  at  slave  auctions,  and  amongst  others  in  Richmond,  from  which  Mrs.  Julia  Tyler  had  dated  her  reply  to  the  address  of  the  women  of  England,  which  in  that  assembly  he  could  not  attempt  to  describe.  The  resolution  was  passed  amid  unanimous  applause,  and  Mr.  M‘Kirr  having  returned  thanks,  the  proceedings  concluded.  LAUNCH  OF.  A  NEW  SHIP  AT  TVARRINGTON.  Yesterday,  a  splendid  new  ship,  named  the  was  launched  from  the  building  yard  of  the  Bank  Quay  Foundry,  Warrington,  in  the  presence  of  an  immense  con concourse  course concourse  of  spectators,  who  had  assembled  from  the  surround surrounding  ing surrounding  country  to  witness  the  launch  of  one  of  the  largest  Bri British  tish British  Merchant-men  afloat.  The  is  an  iron  ship,  built  for  Messrs.  Moore  and  Co.,  of  this  town,  and  intended  to  form  one  of  Messrs.  Pilkington  and  Wilson's  White  Star  Line  of  Australian  packets.  The  measures  2,500  tons  new  measurement,  is  estimated  to  carry  4,000  tons  on  a  draft  of  21  feet,  and  is  the  largest  iron-sailing  vessel  afloat.  Her  dimensions  are  Length  of  keel  -  -  -  210  feet  0  inches.  Rake  forward  Stern  post  rake  -  -  -  -  5  „  0  „  Over  all  with  her  counter  -  250  „  0  „  Breadth  of  beam  .  -  -  -  -  40  „  0  „  „  Depth  of  hold  •  3O  „  0  She  is  perceptibly  hollow  in  her  entrance  and  clean  in  her  tail,  her  bow,  as  well  as  her  stern  lines,commencing  near  to  amidships,  whilst  her  large  extent  of  oor  will  ensure  her  carrying  canvas  and  making  rapid  way  through  her  destined  element  ;  in  fact  she  has  in  her  build  and  model  all  the  qua qualities  lities qualities  of  a  clipper,  combined  with  those  of  a  safe  and  com comfortable  fortable comfortable  vessel.  She  has  been  constructed  for  a  three  decker,  with  a  spar  deck  of  magnificent  proportions,  which,  with  the  exception  of  the  small  space  occupied  by  the  galleys,  will  be  entirely  unobstructed,  She  will,  however,  in  accord accordance  ance accordance  with  the  views  of  the  Emigration  Board,  only  carry  passengers  on  one,  the  main  -deck,  which  will  accommodate  680  persons,  with  unusually  ample  space  for  each.  The  is  a  particularly  strong  ship.  Her  frames  are  all  of  angle  iron,  five  inches  by  three,  and  five  ei,ghts  of  an  inch  thick,  with  reverse  frames  of  the  same  iron  three  inches  by  three,  they  are  fifteen  inches  apart  amidships,  and  eighteen  fore  and  aft,  The  girders  which  support  her  floor floorings  ings floorings  are  on  every  frame,  and  are  more  like  those  of  a  bridge  in  strength,  than  any  which  we  have  hitherto  seen  put  into  a  'ship,  being  provided  with  L'  flanges  on  the  top  to  receive  the  ceiling.  She  has  a  tubular  .kelsom  two  feet  six  by  two  feet  and  a  half  inch  plates,  and  two  sister  kelsome  of  boiler boilerplate  plate boilerplate  iron,  the  same  thickness.  Her  bilge  is  of  strong  angle  iron  ;  and  her  deck  beams  are  nine  inches  deep,  with  bracket  ends  two  feet  in  length.  The  plating,  commencing  at  the  keel,  is  one  inch  thick,  diminishing  to  five-eights,  inch  and  half-inch,  the  two  top  strakes  being  three-fourths  of  an  inch  ;  is  double  rivetted  throughout,  and  well  over  lapped.  The  upper  deck  is  diagonally  braced  ;  and  in  fact  no  expense  or  skill  has  been  spared  to  render  her  perfect  as  an  iron  ship  of  the  very  strongest  construction,  Her  lower  mainmast  is  of  iron  '  •  and  the  quantity  of  canvass  she  is  capabl  e  o  f  c  arr  yin  g  may  be  judged  of  from  the  fact  of  her  fore  and  main  yards  being  eighty-four  feet  long.  The  ventilation  for  passengers  will  be  of  the  most  perfect  description.  She  will  have  seven  hatchways  with  skylights  and  ventilation  over  them,  besides  sidelights  to  open  into  every  room.  Permanent  staircases  will  communicate  from  the  upper  deck  to  the  passenger  deck;  and  in  every  respect  she  will  be  provided  with  the  same  con conveniences  veniences conveniences  and  comforts  to  be  found  on  boar)  our  first-class  passenger  steamers.  Her  galleys,  which  are  spacious,  are  on  the  fore  part  of  the  spar  deck.  As  a  sea  boat  we  can  have.  little  hesitation  in  predicting  that  she  will  not  be  sur surpassed  passed surpassed  by  any  thing  now  afloat,  her  great  length,  her  sharp sharpness  ness sharpness  both  fore  and  aft,  with  her  ample  floor  amidships,  ensuring  her  fast  sailing  qualities,  whilst  her  ample  height  between  decks—seven  feet  six—and  the  large  space  allowed  for  berthing,  &amp;c.,  adapt  her  peculiary  for  the  conveyance  of  passengers.  Such  is  the  graphiz  desbription  of  the  noble  vessel  which  was  yesterday  introduced  to  the  elements,  -  which  for  the  future  is  to  be  her  abiding  place.  A  more  magnificent  specimen  of  naval  architecture  could  not  be  seen  in  Europe.  Her  fine  lines,  ample  bilge,  and  graceful  proportions  were  yesterday  the  theme  of  universal  admiration—an  admiration  not  a  little  enhanced  by  the  peculiar  circumstances  under  whichthe  vessel  was  built,  in  what  hashitherto  been  considered  almost  an  inland  town:  The  launch  of  such  a  leviathan  ship  necessarily  created  a  great  deal  of  interest  in  Warrington,  and  the  neighbourhood,  and  from  an  early  hour  in  the  morning  people  were  flocking  into  town  from  the  surround surrounding  ing surrounding  districts.  By  twelve  o'clock  every  spot  from  which  a  view  of  the  launch  could  be  had  was  occupied,  and  notwith notwith  - notwith  standing  the  unpropitious  state  of  the  weather,  a  very  .  large  assemblage  of  the  gentry  of  Warrington,  and  its  vicinity,  were  assembled  in  the  yard  of  the  Bank  Quay  Foundry,  which  is  most  favourably  situated  for  the  purposes  of  a  building-yard.  It  is  situated  on  a  bend  of  the  Mersey,  a  little  below  the  town  of  Warrington,  and  the  liver  runs  in  a  direct  line  from  it  for  several  hundred  yards,  thus  presenting  an  ample  launching  space  for  vessels,  even  of  the  largest  burthen.  Shortly  after  twelve  o'clock,  the  preparations  for  the  launch  were  being  actively  carried  forward,  and  they  were  continued  without  intermission,  up  to  about  twenty  minutes  past  one  o'clock.  At  that  time  everything  was  ready,  and  the  signal  being  given,  the  daggers  were  knocked  away.  In  a  few  seconds,  the  huge  vessel  slightly  moved,  when  Miss  Patten,  daughter  of  Mr.  Wilson  Patten,  M.P.,  performed  the'ceremony  of  christening,  by  breaking  a  bottle  of  wine  on  her  bows.  A  momentary  delay,  and  then  .the  Tayleur  glided  majestically  into  her  native  element,  amidst  the  enthusiastic  cheering  of  the  assembled  multitude.  Three  steam-tugs  from  Liverpool  were  in  attendance,  and  immedi immediately  ately immediately  after  the  launch,  they  took  the.  Tayleur  in  tow,  and  conveyed  her  down  the  river  to  within  a  short  distance  of  Runcorn  gap,  where  she  will  remain  until  this  day's  tide,  when  she  will  be  brought  to  Liverpool,  and  fitted  up  with  all  possible  despatch.  The  Tayleur  when  launched,  had  50  tons  of  coal  on  board,  and  drew  only  81  feet.  This  magnificent  clipper-ship  was  designed  by  William  Rennie,  Esq.,  and  intended  solely  for  the  Australian  passen passenger  ger passenger  trade.  The  primary  objects  the  owners  had  in  view  in  her  construction  were—a  high  rite  of  speed,  great  passen passenger  ger passenger  space,  and  perfect  ventilation;  all  these  important  points  have  been  secured  to  the  fullest  practicable  extent.  The  takes  passengers  on  the  upper  deck  only  ;  this  deck  was  originally  intended  for  the  accommodation  of  first firstclass  class firstclass  saloon  passenger  alone.  The  has  side-lights  and  ports  at  every  seven  feet,  thus  giving  one  to  each  room;  in  addition  to  which,  skylights  range  from  the  after  part  to  the  forward  of  the  ship,  with  enclosed  staircases.  Permanent  water-closets  are  fitted  below  as  wel  and  wash-houses  provided  for  thi  The  great  superiority,  however,  of  facility  she  affords  to  passengers  foi  her  decks  being  quite  dear,  fore  al  tendence  of  Mr.  Heatheotyttie  manager  of  the  Bank  Quay  Foundry,  0  whose  ki-A.kiess  and  courtesy  we  are  indebted  for  many  of  the  particulars  above  given.  We  regret  to  statd  that  Cantaiirgoble,  who  is  to  command  the  Tayleur,  fell  into  I.le  - STYLE=superscript  hold  on  Monday,  and  wa.s,.severely  bruised.  He  as  unable  to  be.  present  at  the  launch.  As  this  splendid  vessel  was  being  towed  down  the  river  she  presented  a  very  singular  appearance.  Her  huge  hull  towered  above  the  surrounding  country  ;  and  owing  to  the  narrowness  of  the  river,  and  its  many  turns,  she  seemed  as  if  propelled  over  dry  laud  by  some  winou  and  mysterious  power.  2110  NE  TA  R  Y  I.IVD  COMMERCIAL,  LIVERPOOL,  TUESDAY  EVESI  I STYLE=superscript  ;  WE  have  another  telegraphic  communic  a STYLE=superscript  from  Turkey  to-day,  by  which  we  find  that  lie  s STYLE=superscript  tvj  lities  have  again  actually  co  m  m  e  nce  d.  -  These  vices  are  said  to  be  dated  September  27,  but  all  the  rumours  which  hav,  -  I, STYLE=superscript  ed  us,  we  c STYLE=superscript  only  recommend  caution  uni  ligence  be  received.  In  the  to  say  that  the  rumour  has  cau.,..  in  the  Liverpool  cotton  and  share  markets  In  cotton  the  prices  -  hardly  be  quoted  lower  than  yt..,  were  estimated  at  5,000  to  6.000  bales  by  the  tr3d STYLE=superscript  and  1000  bales  on  speculai  The  imports  since  Thursd  bales.  Our  corn-market,  owing  to  the  calther  tone  of  London  market  yesterday,  ca  us  ed  morning  to  open  with  mus..  7  we  have  noticed  for  some  time,  and  forei  considerably  depres,  — STYLE=superscript  f  ,,  ui•  - STYLE=superscript  t  r  h'  e  e  faiii  in  e  '_  ,l  d  a  complete  p  were  irregular,  but  The  s  terdaT  1  less  1,  btrt  esP  ( STYLE=superscript  int  to  10y(  animation  gn  wheat2,v,  ii  — STYLE=superscript  rival  of  ti  news  ;  announcing  me  actual  declaration  of  the  demand  increased,  trut  prices  Were  not  than  equal  to  thdBe  of  this  day  week.  The  1  ,1 STYLE=superscript  ,  11 STYLE=superscript  of  flour  declined  6d.  per  bushel.  From  Odessa  u  dates  are  to  the  23d,  when  the  wheat  mar:  °t  again  active.  The  •transactiOns  during  the  iv  had  amounted  to  ab  vance  df  28:  Front  .Glasgow  we  learn  t  per  tail  iii  Large  stipplic  flour  will  be  speedily.  brought  td  our  .asA.ctar  and  we  do  not  think  that  pries  will  adVanee  te  j STYLE=superscript  considerably  before  the  sprilid,  if  they  dd  then  80,000  quarters,  at  all  .1  has  fallen  of  both  grain  an  The  London  market  for  Public  Securities  Is  depteSSed;  Consols  have  receded  to  sellers  to,  for  the  tieConnt,  tater  havi  n  g  b  een  do  n  e,  at  oil  92.  911,911  912,  and  last  tit  91.  For  mole  priceS  have  had  nearly  the  Solna  range.  Excl  i STYLE=superscript  !  quer  Bills  Bs.  13s,  dis.,  and  Bank  sice  222  20.  There  has  not  been  much  lAtsim  Foreign  Stocks,  and  prices  are  heal  Bonds  have  receded  to  231,  but  Russ  Cents.  maintain  the  extraordinary  price  of  111  a  fact  which  is  attributed  to  the  support  given  1  the  market  by  Russian  agents.  The  l  Share  Market  has  been  also  much  depressed,  sales  to  . STYLE=superscript  a  considerable  extent  have  been  /1  1, STYLE=superscript  4,1  both  speculative  and  bona  fide.  The-  Gold  W  9  ,4  Share  Market  has  attracted  no  attention  0  1 STYLE=superscript  morning,  and  prices  remain  nearly  as  before.  j  The  shipments  of  specie  by  the  'Peninsular  9  0 STYLE=superscript  1  Oriental  steamer  Euxine  amount  to  X  501,7  50, STYLE=superscript  .°  which  X  30,000  is  gold  for  Malta,  Alexandri,  Ceylon,  Hong  Kong,  and  Canton,  and  X  471,750  silver  for  Bombay,  MadraS,  Penan  Hong  Kong,  and  Canton  doing  1 STYLE=superscript  ..  „  11 STYLE=superscript  111exic,!;  The  periodical  sales  of  colonial  wool  have  bee  l STYLE=superscript  :  announced  to  commence  on  the  20th  inst.,  abotP  52,000  bales  having  already  arrived.  At  the  Bank  of  England  yesterday  the  following  stocks  were  accepted  :-  3/.  10s.  per  Cent.  21.  13s.  per  Cent  Exchequer  bonds  BULLION  MARKET  AND  FOREIGN  EXCHANGES  X5OOO  Ni/  We  give  the  current  price  of  Gold,  as  follows,  tF  assist  the  merchant  in  calculating  the  rates  C  Foreign  Exchange,  by  tl  bullion,  as  last  reported  le  actual  current  rates  6  London,  775.  9d.  ;  Paris,  sterdam,  —;  Vienna,  lin,  —;  Milan,  —;  Co  —;  Bombay,  ;  Calcutta,  —;  Hong  . STYLE=superscript  liong,  Sydney,  745.  6d.  to  755.  ;  Port  Phillip,  775.  ;  Adelai  o STYLE=superscript  —;  Victoria,  775.  6d.  ;  Ovens,  765.  6d.  ;  Montreal,  New  York,  —;  San  Francisco,  Mexico  Brazils,  —.  —;  Hamburgh,—  St.  Petersburg,  Mextindo'  SHARE  MARKETS  STE  RDAY  LIVERPOOL,  Oct.  4.  with  some  animation,  but  yesterday's  rate  were  barely  110.  tained.  On  the  arrival  of  the  teleiraphic  dispatch  ,  announ~~  g STYLE=superscript  that  war  against  Russia  had  been  declared  by  Turkey,  a  pau  l STYLE=superscript  seized  the  market  and  several  of  the  leading  stocks  fell,  Westcr.l9,  much  as  two  and  three  per  cent.  London  and  No►.  which  were  sold  in  the  morning  at  103,  were  done  in  0  1 STYLE=superscript  afternoon  at  1001  The  transactions  were  :  —Caledonia  251  a  24  ;  Chester  and  Holyhead,  15  ;  Eastern  Con'  111  ;  East  Lancashire,  15  1 STYLE=superscript  15.6.3  ;  Great  &amp;  Wester',  6,11121,  501;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  63  2  2c  2  .  jp  d  Liverpool  C.  &amp;  Southport,  15:i;  London  an.  Western,  103  c  2i  2  1  1001  lie.  1  1001  ;  Do.  quarters  Do.  ei  g  ht  s  ,  8.9  ;  M  an  .  S.  an  d  Li  nco  l  n  ,  19  4  181  ;  Midlao  58  7it  a  7457  f  6  7  571  e  ;  North  British,  61  ;  Eastern  Stock,  174  1  17  17a_  al7d  17  17  kl  7  i  t  3.9.  -3,,  York,  Newcastle  and  Ber.  15 STYLE=superscript  ;  York  and  N.  Midland,  211.  MANCHESTER.—In  consequence  of  the  news  from  tt  Bast,  the  market  opened  this  morning  at  a  serious  decline  a  the  prices  of  yesterday.  The  market  continued  to  and  finally  closed  weak,  at  the  lowest  quotations  of  the  dayi  m  Caledonian,  x.d.  24  431  •  Eastern  Countries,  lit-  7-10  1  ,  ;  East  Lancashire,  151  ' STYLE=superscript  5-16ths;  Lancaster  and  Car  thirds,  10Ip;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  621  in  4  it;  London  and  North  Western,  102  la;  Ditto  new  jr,  7.16  d  ;  Ditto  M.  and  B.  Qrs.  C.,  .7-16ths  g  7-16  p  ;  M  a  nch  e STYLE=superscript  ,  ter,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  194  19  18  . STYLE=superscript  1  ;  Midland  Rail°  / STYLE=superscript  1  Consols,  58  71  a  ;  South  Eastern,  x.d.  17!  5-16t  1,9 STYLE=superscript  „  4 STYLE=superscript  3-16ths  ;  York  and  North  Midland,  22;  Lancashire  AV  surance,  Bp.  GLASGOW.—Business  affected  by  anticipated  war  in  t  dwindl  t STYLE=superscript  East,  and  shares  tending  downwards.  Caledonian,  511; STYLE=superscript  Glasgow  and  South  Western,  614.  DUBLlN.—Consols,  93  92i  4  ;  ditto  for  account  921;  4  per  cent.  Stock,  931;  Bank  Stock,  2174.;  City  Debenture  s, STYLE=superscript  per-cent.  of  £92  6s.  2d.,  901;  Ballast  Debentures,  ditto,  (Gov.  Sec.)  961;  Hibernian  Bank  £25  pd.,  30-L--.  Min Minof  of Minof  of  Ireland  £7  paid  ;  for  account  151 STYLE=superscript  .  Colic  and  Banu  ° STYLE=superscript  Railway,  50  paid,  14i.;  Dublin  and.  Belfast  Junction,  45 STYLE=superscript  P  u STYLE=superscript  ''  461.  Dundalk  and  Enniskillen  £3O  pd.,  141.  Gt.  Soutl  ier STYLE=superscript  i  'l STYLE=superscript  !  and  Western,  £5O  pd.,  52,  521,  for  account,  52 STYLE=superscript  1.  Ir  i STYLE=superscript  South  Eastern,  £ll  pd.,  6.  ;  Killarney  Junction  £8  pd.,  7 STYLE=superscript  :  Midland  Gt.  Western,  47L  pd.,  48.  Waterford  and  Limeri  cl STYLE=superscript  '  £5O  pd.,  27  GLASGOW  MARKETS,  OCTOBER  4  PRODUCE.—There  is  not  much  West  India  S Sand  and Sand  business  is  quiet  at  about  former  rates  mand  at  17s.  3d.  2000  hhds.  Molass,  house  at  full  terms.  At  our  PIG  IRON  market  yesterday,  there  was  a  good  buol  ness  done  at  645.  cash  for  warrants,  closing  sellers  at  635.  94 STYLE=superscript  ''  No.  1,  665.  6d.;  Gartsherrie,  725.  COTTON.-Our  market  for  Cotton;  Piece  Goods,  and  IV!:  was  rather  firmer  yesterday,  owing  to  the  improved  feeling  the  Liverpool  Cotton  Market.  The  accounts  from  the  01,  are  again  unfavourable  to-day,  and  have  caused  considerar  uneasiness  on  'change  here.  on  show,  les  sold  to  a  Liverpo'"
