text
"attend,  nor  was  any  cerifinallidatioll  •  and,  .  after..maiting  half  an  hour  for  ing  broke  up.  Upon  these  -facts  being  to  the  General  Committee  the  following.resolUtion  ived  from  t  cof  oft  he  publication  of  seriont  charges  against  the  leers  in  the  police,  übicli  ate'-not  sustained;  ffieieney•  of_  the  whole  Torce,  and  to  )t  the  public  therein,.  the  committee  mpair  :the  call'  a  tiention  t  or  tbA  - STYLE=superscript  ',Council  to  a  brMr,  Hodsop,.  Nytip  in  hii'litaee  ..,  ventured  to  promuigate  a  s_p_eciftc.charse  that  r  or,  members  of  the  police  =force  habitually  es  to  - STYLE=superscript  suppress  inforniation,  as  detailecrin  tfte  ,deslines,  when  - STYLE=superscript  e#lle4  upon,  4  afford  'tfle  means  of  int  the•  ev  .  .  ,  L  gain  this-„deri  t  oup  charge,  f  found  'to'  etik'  and  Imet  e  the  justice  of  -iekiliqi-•*lg—',l-§  onfirmi,tion  of  the  proceedinks  apyd  who  deslated  thqt  he_epnld  give,,thii  names  and  -entrieA  were  actuallemade— actuallemademSniffitieh  mSniffitieh- actuallemademSniffitieh  for  'polietn4i.&#34;  Thai  was  . STYLE=superscript  is  fact-ns  plain  as  brid  it  was  absurd  for  Mi...Brancicer,  who  had  risen,  *VW  sblemnity  as'  if' STYLE=superscript  he  Were'in  ahigh  court  4  justice,  to  treat  it  as  .  a  personal:cilestion.  Imo,  the  resolution  of  :  the'  ornnaitiee  complintentaty  to  their'  chairman  and!  deptifY  chairtian'  he  had  tidttihirto.  He,  hinaself,  tile,grea  feat  :conadenee  in  the  two  gentlemen  ;  two  more  respectable  menthere  were  not  in  Liverpool,  but  the  corn cornmitteo  mitteo cornmitteo  themselves  mnst  have  had  some  doubt  of  it  when'  Oey.thepght  it  necessary  to  record  such  a  resolution.  Mhf  ra  t  ebertson  said-that  as  his  name-  was  mentioned  in  eonn*ction:  with  the  question*  liur  giving  of  bribes  in  thelfitibti  trade,  - STYLE=superscript  he  'shotthi  ttiteihdt  he,was  not  a  timaez,erghlw  -,,,4l.Aivjlter).--though-haladin:the..  course  of  his  Di STYLE=superscript  ixperlenee  as  a  trader,  imported  timber  as  well  as  other  articles  ;  and  as  tilt  flifeliece  to  be  drawn  from  Mr.  notion's  - STYLE=superscript  obserVAtions,  was  that,he;  'too  paid  bribes  to  the  I;OAKC'eII  dare  ; STYLE=superscript  cola  say  in  answer  iia-that  while  he  bad'  paid  large  sums  for  Ones—there  was  scarcely  ,a  cargo  he  im import&amp;  port&amp; import&amp;  eifiirgcli  te'ltid  tot  pay  - STYLE=superscript  fines'llinkii  the  broker  hp,  had-„never,  i  , STYLE=superscript  eVgven  a  bribe  to  the  p9lice.,to.  prevent_  thou,  frP  4 STYLE=superscript  the  informations,  and  heifirthermore  , STYLE=superscript  believed  that  no  respectable'  !timber  merchant'  ever  did  it:  (Hear,  liPar.)  Mr.  lindson  'stated  that'  he  . STYLE=superscript  hjd:  been  re requested  quested requested  by  his  fdends  to  git  on  until  helaad,pUrged  the  ut  lie  (Mr.  RObe-Ifson)  did  net  - STYLE=superscript  exactlyAnow,  gto  do  it:  Did  law  call  it  purging  the  a  specific  charge  and  then  deelire  that  he  ed  his  word  of  honour,  not  to  mention  names?  system  to  instil  the  poison  and,  syst#lii  tom  hsc~  :plec  then  deny  thetn  thenpportnnity  of  applying  the  antidote  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  He  stated  what  he  called  a_  fact,  'and  then  denied  them  the  opportunity  of  proving  or  disproving  it.  COTillnitt  lace  1-  bc,  entirely  confirmation  (  proceedibg*  Iread  MI  I  pity  of  I  him  by  [  he  warmly  c  hcrwev  ienclect  NRltyrify„lt  t  k!i,  p4il  l  Y  ligyss.  7  -  i  p  V  ggpogg,  t  ,  pUP.  DAY.  JANUARY  ,c  ATek  — STYLE=superscript  bOinthitree  - STYLE=superscript  that  these4oods  were,  reduced  more  than  they  ought  to  hare  Ilgenint  emiihrison  with  other  goods,  in  pleffeus,,ypnrs,.;;With  these,  few  words  Of'  'explanation',&#34;  Mr.  Maator;'f  . STYLE=superscript  bbi.t6'inOre  the  confirmation  of  the  dock  preppiiings,  ,  -  iMlAarr4stlalol6condeci.  the'  motion-.`  Mr.  AlcVrnAl4-kitirker  said  it  wah  not  his  intention  to  oppose  itke  bnt.he  supposed  it  was  the  expeetation  of,  tfroogunittt  , STYLE=superscript  e  that  the  ten_  per  cent,  inorcase  ssould,jast  „.  raise  The  £4,5,000.  taken,  off  Mew  years  ego.  •  I`,lr.  turner  :  1  think,  sir,  the  calculation  of  the  committee  is  that,  including  the  ratecapn  tonfiVe  and  goods,  it  w  ill  give  £37,1)043:'t:,,tar  Of  -entrap  it  wilt  be  More  or  less  Ogirdint  i STYLE=superscript  '  to;,th,n  804,  of  tritii#:  ;  11 STYLE=superscript  tr:.  Vbkosoll.;,tbelieve,  gr.  *Pr,  Ike  reduction  upon  the  tounagmefigtegniships.  will  he  much  .greater  ithan  upon  sailing  ships.  I  wish  to  ask  Mr.  Turner  iftlfere  is  an  Midi.  , STYLE=superscript  tional  rate  to  be  levied  on  stetni•rs  in  proportion  ?  •  Pliz  i  .T  i  itctiv  •  ,I,Vtrii'e  no  power  to  do  so;,under  the  ad  w!(T,.5.4  . STYLE=superscript  yge  - STYLE=superscript  aitcy,l'ets:,the  same  rate  according  to  the  regiAered-  tonnage,_  both  •of  steam  boats  and  of  sailing  'vesseisinceordingto  the  class'  of  tonnage.  We  hive  no  power  to  make  any  distinction.  Whateder  allowance  the  lavv  chooses  to'  giVe  steamboats  we  are  obliged  to  give  them  the  benedt  of  it.  Mr.  Icobiuson:  Then  there  is  4  great,  advantage  giVen  to  steamboats  owl-  sailing  ships  ?  '  Mr.  Turner  NI)  doubt;  the  , STYLE=superscript  new  law  as  it  works  gives  a  groat  AdVraltnrelo  fltatilers  &amp;Or  sawing  vessels  !  -  ,  Theliiiirease  appears  to  fall  entirely  upon  ling  to  the  stitemeht  of  the  chairman  of  the  The  tonnage  of  vessels  is  now  10  p  er  cen  t.  .  .  increase  falls  upon  goods  Mr.  Turner  That  is  pretty  much  So,  Mr.  Aiken,  but  a§Lw  - STYLE=superscript  tiS  explained,  by  Mr.  Rankin,  the  chairman.  of  the  raTes,  in  his  speech,  the  diMinution  in  the  rates  previousl3  hadlieen  gretly  . STYLE=superscript  to  the  advantage  of  goods.  The  presen  increased  rate  upon  goods  does  not  do  more,  sc  arce  ly  si  LIIILLUII  9  as  to  17  ,  1111111  t,  gouus  upou  toe  same  relative  position  -as  previously  existed  - STYLE=superscript  :between  :goods  and  tonnage.  The  previous  reduction  was  greatly:to  - STYLE=superscript  the  adiantage  of  goods.  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  •  sr.  GEORGV,'S-HALL  C011,1MITTEB:  ,  '  r  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Alderman  J.  H.  Turner  moved  the  confirmation  of  the  proCeedings  of  the  conamittee;7MentiOnitig  that  the  orgad,  porfiiriiitptes,  which  had•7l*On.  'disconkinbed  for  Some'  w  ,tii  ,coquelice  of  the  assizes,  were  again  rcsnine4l,  itid,with,very  groat  sunaesS.  Beokivith  asked  when  the.  , STYLE=superscript  hail  was  likely  to  be  ftniShed  ?  I STYLE=superscript  .lllr.  Shielithonght  that  question  a•very  proner  one  to  haci`bsertlApass  elonstriictien,4o/1,  !hackniCirp;than  dbUble  I STYLE=superscript  t/kap:Ant,  orignially  estim  a  ted,  _  It  was  there  ore  natural:that  members  should  ,wish  to  be  'informed  when.there  was  likely  to  be:a  termination  to  the  expenditure;  and'When  ,  the  building  something  like  an  ornainent't:tiffidlown,  Which  'it`..ipOttainly  was  not:  In  ;ts  :present  state.  7  ,  I STYLE=superscript  :pie  original  e;stAii:Rte  fbr  its  ,!con-:  n,  Istfuotio  was  85.0091.  - STYLE=superscript  i  and  he  lieliexeci.:olo,..eost.  had  been  (double,  that  _much,  v(bile  hp  ;felt  ,  sare  that  if  interest  ;upon  Interest,werc•a4lo,  it  would  amount  to  much  more  'than  double..•  .v,  ,assn  w  -  ,  said*  was  obviont  , STYLE=superscript  .to  every  gentlemen  who  !considered  the  subject.  for  a  moment,  thaethe  'exterior  - STYLE=superscript  and  the  'npprOnntreg  the  - STYLE=superscript  tieVer  - STYLE=superscript  conld  7 STYLE=superscript  be`  =  quite  finished  until  the  improvemeni4=l9  f  f  §hvy'Sfbrow  had  been  also  completed.  tHear,  hear:)  Mr.  Tt{rne  — STYLE=superscript  r  said  he  hadpery  disposition  to  afford  the  public  as  rutin  infornafitioct'  as  possible,  but  he  really  could  not  Aav  at  present  'when  the  hall  would  be  fully  complet4d.'  The  interior.was  very  nearly  finished.  The  proceedings  4 STYLE=superscript  were,then  confirmed  ~7  iSIAKET,6'.'CONAFEr  t  .  Alderman...  Cooper  moved  the  confirmation  of  these  proccedings,which  . STYLE=superscript  did  not  contain  anything  of  iniport iniport,T.7-„  ,T.7-„ iniport,T.7-„  anee.  :  1 STYLE=superscript  111K  ( STYLE=superscript  Wags41  seconded  the  motion,  Which  was  adopted,  EnucATION  nonig  ITT  P:E.  Wr.'iTaimer  moved,  and  Mt.  J.  Gladstone  seconded,  the  these  proceedings,  which  was  passed  wittout_any  discussion.  GAOL  AND  GOOSE  .OF..PORRECTION  COMMITTEE.  Mr.  irgerman  Hohne-  movfed  the  Aidoption  of  these  Mr.  AlderifiptCooper  objected  to  the  committee  paying  the  railway  fare  of  the  surgeon  to  and  from  Walton,  but;  afterri&#34;'some•  conversation,  consented  (to  , STYLE=superscript  withdraw  his  arnPFneinfent.  =Mr.  Aidei'map  Dover  drmylt4'  attention  of  the  com committee  mittee committee  fid  went  on,  every  Monday  ()tithe  die'-  charge  V  i  Stle  ;  pristoner,s  at  Wilton,  and  suggested  that  t  hpy  ha  in  futiire,  be  brcught  into  town,  and,,iiberated  there  iilere  there  wfd  .as  an  , STYLE=superscript  ecient  pOlice  to  keep  order.  Xlie,committee  promised  to  consider  the  question.,  •  The  proceedings  Wereconfirmed.  fIEALTII  CU:4MiI'TET  Mr:Alll  4  angsdare,  in  moving  the  copfirmation  of  the  proceedings,  propbsed  resolution  to  the  effect  that  a  corn cornn*tepthemlpo,intr.pi.consistiog-o7  n*tepthemlpo,intr.pi.consistiog-o7 cornn*tepthemlpo,intr.pi.consistiog-o7  three  members,  from  the  finance,  flie•cv#o;  an4fhe  health  committee  respectively,  to  conside‘Yffie  c STYLE=superscript  tiggliOU  of  i STYLE=superscript  ternoving  the  public  offices  from  CorfitfallWerl4G  and  provide  a  more  convenient  building,  and:{4.4llOitawthe  ouncil  as  soon  as  possible,;  The.Anotion  vas  , STYLE=superscript  i4epte4:l  3  .?  - STYLE=superscript  a  ,glejollowirm  gCntleinen  appo  nted  as  a  .co9*Ocr  u  --,A.resses.  Homily,  S.  Holme,  tea:  Xorgibotigli,  from  th`c  .:  fin9.nce  committee  ;  Messrs.  ukcgs9ll,..T.eiVlSQll..  And...nranoker,  from  .the  - STYLE=superscript  Watchiedin Watchiedinmittee  mittee Watchiedinmittee  ;  and  llessrs..Siteil.,  .James  .11.olmo,  and  IleydOck,  from  •the•health  committee,'  With.  the  addition  of  the  Mayor  and  Mr;  angsdall.  7 STYLE=superscript  ;.&#34;'  •  .  .1/  4 STYLE=superscript  .„  1 STYLE=superscript  ,A.1i1.14  - STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  date  proposed  a  resolution  to  enable  the  Cominifige  to  proceed  with  the  numbering  of  I  th  e  h  ouses  intlaik  borough.  •  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.'yliderman  Cooper  thought  th.l  work  should  have  been  done  at  the  close  of  the-year,  bbfurp  the  of  the'  dircaory.  Arr.  Banner  and  Mr.Varle  Urged  . STYLE=superscript  the  necessity  of  having  houses  Lumbered  in  figures  which  could  be  distinctly  suggested  that  on  each  gas  lamp,  in  every  ;,  the  number  of  the  houses  immediately  near  it  should  inted,  which  wisuld  be  a  guide  by  night.  „...q.auGb4.  lllUveu  tn4t  the  resolution  be  red•b4ck  to  tho  committee.  to  give  them  an  opportu opportu-;rcr  -;rcr opportu-;rcr  the  mutts  of  a  scheme  submitted  to  -  and  whose  mdvautages  o  withdraw  his  areptplaneq,  'open  tiloqw?flerstanding  that  the  .  .  committee  Wolild  take  tag  Spinip  mato  their  consideration.  The  committee  ardo'ilromised  to  consider  the  suggestion  of  Mr.  Picton.  , STYLE=superscript  .  •  The  proeeedings  were  then  confirmed.  The'  proceedings  of'the  gardens  committee  were  adopted  without  any  digcussion.  CIitIRCR  ccYNTNITTAE  •  .  ,  .•  T6eprocpPil4g4.Pf  this  committee  were  read.  They  comprised  a  recommendation  that'  the  corporation  dis discontinue  continue discontinue  the  VayMent'or  the  Salaq  of  th?  a  4  Pettrs  .  W.  Banner  moved  the  confirmation  orphe,Pro6eedings.  mr,  T  TAKeripau,  , STYLE=superscript  Dover  said,  that'  'it  w  o  u  ld  b  e  an  outed.geront  - STYLE=superscript  thing,.  40  appointed  the  organist,  now  to  •iiiieOtittatie  his  salary,  He  would  move  as  an  amendtbeliqtbafthit  part  of  theTrOVeangs  be  . STYLE=superscript  46  . STYLE=superscript  t  con confirmed.  firmed. confirmed.  Alr  %  -7!l7llllQll4,7L.rejoiceitat  the  recammzndation.of  the  co  — STYLE=superscript  ramit.tee.  There  were  pertain  practices  going  on  in,  cer certatn'ahuiches,  tatn'ahuiches, certatn'ahuiches,  pard‘fOr  by  t  G  corporation,  which  he  would  characterise  aslnottling  leis  than  6,6  '  Mr.  M‘,,,,quffte  OEMSII  7 STYLE=superscript  O.  omlsh—eh  .  ?  (L,angliter),.  ii:Mr:nFerfiihOugh;  practices  as  they  are,  a  Protestant  corporation  should  •not  SUpptlit,  dabe  '  , STYLE=superscript  Town-Clerk  •explainedr  that  the.  reeornmendation  coulti!nothe:ti  . STYLE=superscript  oposed  . STYLE=superscript  unless  - STYLE=superscript  on  dipecial  netiee.  &#34;l'hO  • STYLE=superscript  anienritnent'tfas  accordinklyerirried,'ind  Mr.  Ban Bannpr,  npr, Bannpr,  who  stategl,that  ,The  recommendation  had  the  sanc sanction  tion sanction  of  the  Rector,  and  the  church  Avardend,  gave  the  requiSite  notice  for  the  next  council.  The  7.piforeedingS  .of  the  Water  Committee  were  con confirmed  firmed confirmed  witheent  3  cliOn4ion.  Mr.  440,0314-  - STYLE=superscript  ge:iluAti  was  present,  and  said  not  a  wQI4  , STYLE=superscript  fe;  foOcrl  . STYLE=superscript  .,M  :0;  „,  The'  proceedings  of  thelibrary'and  museum  committee,  which  inclutled  - STYLE=superscript  ureticirtnendation'to  ttilie  tie  necessary  proceeclings  preparatory  to  laying  a  .  rate-under  thee`  pro provisions  visions provisions  of  , STYLE=superscript  wThe'  Live  d6l  -Library  *and'  'Museum  Act,  . STYLE=superscript  ,were'i*Etil  it;(1  Mri,Pieten  stated  that  the  'estimates*.  for  next  year  amOntited  to  ..E,560,.ab0ut.  £3OO  more  than  last  year.  the  juer4i,le'beirig  caused  .by  the  growing:usefulness  of  the  fending  libraries,  but  that  the  rate  would  be  the-same  a9'  laktt  yeAr•  o'T'  7171-‘'  _in__  inoving-tlie--conarmation-  of  -the  hackney  carriaoee  1  4  CDll3lpi  t STYLE=superscript  O;  r9 STYLE=superscript  P  O STYLE=superscript  rti  Kr/  Alderman  Bennett  strongly  urged  the  ,p  tj  .  I  .  p.  always  t  o  ,  demand  tickets,  from  cabmen,  as  be  g.  j  i  ii,est  ,check  tkidaublic  and  th&amp;pasters  had  on  ttient.,,,  ~  _  _  Tip.  AAs  ,COMPANY.  Ta  iiiatirer  to  Mr.  /Merman  S.  Holme,  who  asked  if  the  gas  egrcifilittec.  would  laiing  up  any  resolutions  for,  dis  eusiiibir•ae`th6  special  Meetine•  of  the•Couiicil  next  Wed  •  ,  l STYLE=superscript  eititblien.!4id,  that  there  had,  been  no  meeting  of  the  erl'al  i  ttr  Kil:lee,tlublast,  council,  And  that,  therefore,  thy'  pu,,,  yet,l4Parcd.,.no  resolutiffts;  ,but  he  had  6 STYLE=superscript  4,4a'  - STYLE=superscript  eompany's:reply.  a,ad  he  saw.  no  reason  why  anytillllgßontrvmto  what:was  recommended  in  the  com committee?#  mittee?# committee?#  mpott,  should  be  , STYLE=superscript  adopted  and  therefore  he  appre apprehended  hended apprehended  that,  these  recothrnendations  werdd  - STYLE=superscript  be  the  subject  of  c1k5,91,1  len.'  •  'Mr.  -.TObin  as  . STYLE=superscript  lied-if  it  would  not  he  right  for  the'com the'committee  mittee the'committee  to  eettOder  their  answer  to  the  company's  report  ?  Mr.  , STYLE=superscript  Kit'6Nen  said  that  they  were  only  waiting  to  hear  from  Wiefialiriten  to  •  prepare  their  reply.  Olerk  intimated  t  15'  Mr.  !Kitchen  tha  /  t'  xito  subjecyfbr'disewiSion,shOuld  h,  Mentioned  iu  the  nottoe nottoepaper,  paper, nottoepaper,  and,  the  dropped:  The  proceedings  of  the  bathaid  committee.  were'  con confirmed.  firmed. confirmed.  -  7  •  THE  BIRKENHEAD  .DOCK  COIVITT'  Ther.procciOdinacfofOp  special  ccinntlittee  n'tibtx'  the  purchage'br  the  13irkenlieiid  docks,  , STYLE=superscript  recorded  the  fact STYLE=superscript  that  the  boridholdetis  had  unatArnously  declined  . STYLE=superscript  to,  agree  to  the  proposed  anialgawatictn,  ,  and  that  the  .  Town-clerk  had  been,  therefou,  instructed  not  to  deposit  thil  till  in  parliatnent,  '  •  _  •  carper  Mr:  H  , STYLE=superscript  rtihY,  in  mOvinft*lie  66nfirrnatIon  of  the  proceed proceedjugs,  jugs, proceedjugs,  ponticAl  would  observe  that  the  terms'pro terms'propoted-by-theitioniniittee  poted-by-theitioniniittee terms'propoted-by-theitioniniittee  with  reference  to  the  extension  of  the  'prowl?,  were  received  as  satisfactory  to  the  Birken Birkenhead  head Birkenhead  COnmaissiOners,  but  the  whole  arramtement  was  . STYLE=superscript  subject  to  their.being  able  to  persuade  the  bondkolders  to  accept  the  conditions.  •  The  bondho)ders,  however,  unani unanimously,  mously, unanimously,  eleclitiol  the  ConditiOnl,  and,  therefore,  the  com committee  mittee committee  60414  tt,Tiaht  at  once  tO.abandpn  the  (Hear,  rejard'te  the  dock  bill,  which  Was  now  th  e  Only,bjlithey.bad:forrthe,next.  session  of  parliament;  the  Aizie.  amble  was  lodged  on  Mondiiy.last;  but  the  Town,.clerit  had  only  receivedthO  bill'  pri9ted  With  t4e.altdrationS,  time  to  dep'Ositc  , STYLE=superscript  !6d'he  hadno  get  had  One  to  get  a  num number  ber number  of  copies  to  'clii3tribUte  loitiodg  the  members  of  the  185.6.  -  -  L  !council.  This  would  be  done  in,the  course  of  a  few  days,  L  and  time  would  be  allowed  to  the  members_of  the  council  to  examine  the  clauses  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  bill  before  the'special  meet meeting  ing meeting  took,  placp,  for  the  purpose  of  considering  them.  Mr.  Alderman  S.  Rolme  seconded  the  adoption  of  the  proceedings,  Mr.  Alderman  S.  Cooper:  Mr.  Mayor,  I  think  we  are  very  much  indebted  to  the  bondho;ders  for  the  happy  deliverance  we  have  had.  (Laughter.)  I  wish  them  many  hlpO,returns  of  the  season,.  sir,  (Laughter.)  ;  'The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  ;  The  Coroner's  account,  amounting  to  40/  12s  2d,  was  passed.  The  Mayor's:commanication  comprised  an  application  from  Mr.  'Sart.,  Auditor  ,  hi  the  _town  dues',office,  for  an  increase  of  salary..  •  The  application,  was  referred  to  the  finance  committee.  An  application  from  Jane  Bond.  widow  of  a  policeman,  for  aid,  which  had  been  already  before  the  watch  eartt-'  mittee,  was  ordered  to  lie  upcn  the  table.  :  A  memorial  from  Mr.,Robert  Palmer,  builder,  for  per:.  misSiOn  to  erect  areie  - STYLE=superscript  in  front  of  some  dwelling  houses housesbuilt,by  built,by housesbuilt,by  him,  oh  grotind  held  by  lease  from•  the  corpora corporation,  tion, corporation,  in  Toxteth-park,'  was  i•efarred  back  to  the  health  Committee:  ivho  had  already  refused  . STYLE=superscript  the  permission.  i  The  Council  proceedings,  terminated:at  three  o'clock.  POLICE  COURT,--YEsTERDiu  ~--  MR;  it'oll4  ILLY.  )  '  ASSAULT  AND  :ROBBERY  'OF  A  FEMALE.—Two  smart  'named.  Patrick  Reilly  and  Ethiii'd  Fanning,  were  charged  with  having  committed  a  violent  assault  ena  young  woman,  named  Ellen  Reilly;ln  the  house  of  a  person  named  Owen  Brady,  in  Carlton-street.  The  woman's  upper  lip,ivas  stitched  up,  and  plastered  across,  and  the  back  of  her  head  was  also  bound  up  with  sticking  plaster.  'She  said,  at  a  quarter  to'  two  o'clock  in  the  morning,  she  went  to  Ilrady's  house  to  get  some  , STYLE=superscript  vhi,key.  Mr.  Rornilly  :  What  sort  of  a  house  is  it?  Witness  :  It's  a  house  for  'the  reception  of  all.  sorts  of  varTaboricis  and  robbers.  Mr.  Rornilly  :  Apd.What  are  yea?.  Witness  .  :  I  ;  am  a  -  respectable  married:  •  woman,  artgllddel;yatiy  one  to  .say  a  ,  word  against  my  charaeter.  Tire  einnplainant  then  went  on  to,  state  that  after  getting'  the  whiskey,-  she  \Went  into  the  street,  - STYLE=superscript  wiferr  i STYLE=superscript  she  was  .followed  by  'Reilly,  who..knocked-.her  down,  beat  and  '  robbed  her  of  7s  6d.  Ml':  :  What  did  Fanning  do  to  you  Witness  :  I  clid,•aot  sce  him  do  any:thing,  only'lre  was  in  the  hous  e  .  Mr:  Romillk:'  Was  it'll  . STYLE=superscript  MlSr  that  hit  and  injured  you  as  you  now  appear  ?  Witness  :  He  did,  sir.  Mr.  Roinilly  :  A-e  you  an  him  ?  Viri,tyipski:  NO  ;  my  husband  is  away.some  time.  The  prisoner  ROI'  said  (in  reply  to  the  magistrate)  this  is  all  an  Alice  story—she  has  got  aap  , STYLE=superscript  this-tharge  to  makean  Alice  Gray  job  - STYLE=superscript  Ontof  it.  I  live  in  Lewis'-walle,c  Great  Howard-street,  and  .1  can  call  witnesses  to  show  that  what  sheir'say's.fillse.  Wybergh  :  .  Make.  your  statement'  first,-and  then  call  your  witnesses.  The  prisaner  went  on  to  say  that,he  had  been  spending  the,  evenitr  , STYLE=superscript  in  the  house  with  some  friends,  one  of  whom  had  come  from  a  long  sea  voyage.  They  sent  out  fOr  and  had  some  drink;  and  about  two  o'clock  the  'com 'complainant'  plainant' 'complainant'  entered  the  house  in  a  state  ofititOxioathin;  and  used,  shocking  and  disgusting  language.  41e  told  her  to  '  go  out,  when  she  seized  a  poker,  and  made  at  hini,and  'he  then  caught  and  shoved  her  into  the  street.  tie  Saw  'no  more  of  her  until  . STYLE=superscript  she  carne  back,  cut  as  she.  now  appeared,  with  an  inspector  and  a  constable,  and  gave  itirrt;  . STYLE=superscript  with  the  other  'prisoner,  in  'eliarge:.  He  'could  bring,  respectable  ,  persons  to  .speak  to  his  character.  It  was,  well  tnOwn,(he  continued),  that  the  complainant  was  .  one  of  the  Pall-mall  g  a  ng  ,  a  nd  the  charge  was  a  ll  get  Cplii  her  as  an  Alice  Gray  job.  He  called  Owen  !Brady,  who  said  the  complainant  entered  ,  his  house  in  a  istate  of  intoxication.  She  wanted  drink,-but  he  refused  to  serve  her,  and  she  used  foul  and  bad.  language,  and  when  the  prisoner  went  to  put  her  out,  she  seized  the  poker,  and  he  scuffled  with  her,  and  then  :she  was  put  'out  bYthe  prisoner.  The  complainant  here  drew  her herself  self herself  up,'  and  'said—Come  now,  master  OWen  Brady;  ;  answer  me  nfew  queStions.  Did  •you  ever  see  me  in  yotri  house  before  ?  WitnesS  Area;  I  have  seen  you  ;there  before..  Complainant:  DWI..  ever  stop  in  the  house?  Witness  :  Never:  Complainant:  Are  you  not  'a  receiver  of  all  sorts  of  stolen  ,Tiroperty,  and  is  not  the  house  a  receptacle  for  all  sorts  of  blackguards,;vagabonds,  and  scoundrels  ?  Witness:  Ail  the  officers  in  court  know  there  never  was  any  charge  preferred  against  me.  Com Complainant:  plainant: Complainant:  Oh  !  Owen  Brady,  Owen  13rady,  you•  are  a  :vagabond,  yon  are  a  vagabond.  Mr.  Rornillv  :  ,Well,  you  say  Fanning  did  not  do  anything  to  you  ?  •  Witness  No,'  he  did  'nothing.  Mr.  Romilly  :  Then  discharge  him.  Fanning  Was  set  at  liberty,  and  being  examined,  gave  t  verSion  of  the  affair  .similar  td  that  given  by  Brady,  and  fully  corroborated  the  statement  made  by  .  the  prisoner  Reilly.  Mr,  Romilly  (to  the  woman):  You  .have  brought  thin  case  all  on  yourself;'  you  have  been  !hut,  ro  doubt;htitit  is  very  doubtful.  bow:  or  where  you  got  hur  t  .  You  were  drunk,  and  you  used  bad  violent  language  r  and  therefore  I  discharge  'tile  priSonet  •  As4,ant.er  , STYLE=superscript  •osriars  Hrou  Bi4s  . STYLE=superscript  -:--Mr  R  oby  appeared  o  n  behalf  of  e  . STYLE=superscript  seaman,  named  Jnh  Mullen,  who  conj•  planted  of  Captain  Isaac  Middleton,  of  the-screw  steamer  for  having  assaulted  hire`  the,  laigh  seas,  !thi  the  . STYLE=superscript  .29  .  th  rof  August  last.  •  Mr.  Al  mon  d  appeared  for  tlfetaPtain:  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Baby  stated  the  case,  and  from  the  'evidence-,of  the  - STYLE=superscript  coniplainant,  it-appeared  that  between  7  and  8-  o'clock  on  the  evening  in  question,  the  was  lying  abreast  the.  Sultan's'  palace;  at  Constantinople,  the  men  were  at  tea,  when  the  captain  called  some  of  them  to  let  down  a  boat.  The  complainant  said  he  would  Soo  n  as  he  finished  his  tea,  Whereon,  the  captain  snapped  the  mug  out  of  Midlen's  hand,  flung  it  over-  . STYLE=superscript  board,  knocked  him  down  and  kicked  ,hitn,  ;inflicting,  a  cut  on,  his  forehead,  blackening  his  eyes,  and  injuring.  him  severely.  This  was  substantially  'the  dash,  which  was  corroborated  by  a  sailor,  named  Miller,  who  was  on  board.  11Ir.  - STYLE=superscript  Almond,  in  bis  cross-examination  of  the  witness,  endeavoured  to  show  that  the  complainant  and  others  had  refused  to  do  their'  duty,  and  he  put  ID  the  official  log  book,  which  centairaed  an  entry  of,  the  affair,  'nd  he  also  produeed  the  first  And  second  mates  , STYLE=superscript  and  the  -  of  the  ship,  whos  e  ev  id  ence  went  to  show,  that  ,inant,  hatt'refusd  to  do,  his  du(;.  The  cap-  thecompl  Lain  was  fineiF  is,  6,4  Is  cost  Ovawsittiontio  fii#r  Midot..—A  young  man,  named  John  FlYtiti,AvaS  charged  with  stealing  a  gun  out  of.  Mr.  t  o  ttpton'  i  s,publie,house,  Copperas-hi11.,•;  The  'prisoner  was  the  worse  of  drink,  and  whilst  in  that  state  took  the  gun  . STYLE=superscript  ,  but  he  Wkkoiertaken  He  said  the  only,  thing'  IMs'enienthered  about.  it  was  that  a  man  asked  -him  to  'edge  it.  Mr.  Bolton  said,  the  sk7  did  not  rain  'grids  after  sdch  a  fashion,  and  he  Sent  the  prisoner  to  jail  for  (BEFORE  MR.  MANSFIELA  0445:  7  -4-114!:  Pugh,  of  Berry-street,  charged  a  i  fiyeigner,  named  ‘Teuga_.n  .  francis,  breaking  a  . STYLE=superscript  square  of  glas  s  ,  value  £5.  The  prisoner  entered  the  ,comphiinant's  shop,  and  acted  very  disorderly,  he  refused  .towleave  •  the  shop,  but  took  out  a  large  'key  from  his  'pocket,  which  was.shing  on  a  piece  of  cord,  and  smashed  the  Blass.  He  was  fined  £3,  or  to  be_  ituprisoued.fox  two  mouths.  Ax  EvsNtivo  CALL.--A  person  rOpectable  !exterior,  who  said  his  name-was  King;  (no'  _Christian  'name),  and  the  surname  supposed  to  be  assumed—was  :charged  with,  creating  an  annoyance  at  ,the  hotie  c  a  lady,  a  '  Mrs.  Mitten;_  resides  in  Renshaw Renshaw!street.  !street. Renshaw!street.  It  appeared  that  in  the  evening  ;  .the.  prisoner  It:ailed  at  the  house  and  asked  to  see  hiS  Mend  &#34;'Miss  Blooln  ' STYLE=superscript  field.  ), STYLE=superscript  He  %y  i  aa  ,  aSs.tired  their  was  no  such  lady  in  the  how:,e,  and  he.went  - STYLE=superscript  aciay;  but.  Sosia.  eathe,  haws  ever,  and  again  demanded  to  see  Miss  Bloomfield  at  ;  owe.  7Again  . STYLE=superscript  he  was  informed  that  .the  lady  'vvas.not  :there,-and  ;that'  no  . STYLE=superscript  such  young  lady  was  known.  Mr.  King  appeared  to,  be  very  indefatigable  in  his.'  search  for  but  that  lady  was  a.  myth  to  Niro.  Mitten.  The.  prisoner,  however,  returned  a  third  time,  knocked  most  furiously  at  the  door,  and  behaved  in  'so  disorderly  a  manner,  that  he  was  given  into  custody:  .The,  prisoner,  said  .he  had  taken  ton  much  beer,  and  regretted  his  conduct.  He  was  fined  5s  which  he  paid.'  CLAIM  volt  Rehinsori,  v.'  James  Bainei  and  Co.  •A  short  time  sinee,  the  plaintiff  claimed  £2O  wages  from  the  defendants.  •  The  facts  were  .these.,  The  complainant  shipped  in  th  e  O  cean  Chi  e  f  f  or  S  y  d  ney  and  ba;ek,and  . STYLE=superscript  signed  articles  in  the  Asual,  way.  The  Commodore  Perry,  belonging  to  the  same  owners,.  was  at  Sydney  short  of  hands  and  some  of  the  crew  of  the  Oaeari  Chief  volunteered  to.  go,  for  £2O;  to'  Bombay  in  the  ether  vessel.  The  plaintiff  was  one  of  the  men,  and  he  went  to  Bombay  and  came  home  'in  the  same  ship.  and  applied  for  his  wages  earned  in  the  Ocean  Chief.  The  ground  of  defenee  was,  that  th  e  wages  were  f  or  f  e  i  te  d  by  the  accep acceptance  tance acceptance  of  the  £2O,  but  Mr.  M  an  sfi  e  ld'  104  . STYLE=superscript  4  di  trete  fit  I  View  of  the  case,'  and  made  au  0  .40-  tor  :51.9  13s  in,  •  favo  . STYLE=superscript  ur  of  the  plaintiff  itekder  tbe  circumstances.  .  VACANT  JUDGESHIP.  —A  good  deal,  of  speculation  prevails  Against  memhers  of  the  legal  profession,  ihreter ihreterin  in ihreterin  gricele  the  noniinatiop  to.  the  Judgeship  the  Court  of  'Eichequer,  rendeied  vacant  by  the  elevation  to  the  peer peerage  age peerage  of  --Mr.  :Baron  Parke.  A  mongst„thoje  barristers  in  p  av  ti  a  ment;  who  . STYLE=superscript  -  are'  'to  be  ,ambitions  of  the  hononr  are  Mr.  Atherton,  Mr..-Watson,  'it'nd  Mr.  Keating  ;  b  u  t  gr.  ;  Watson  has  been  passed  Over  Sd'many  times,  that  it  i  s  looked  upon  as  doubtful  'whether  the  appointrnotit  will  ha  conferred  Upon.  any  Member  of  the  •Tionseof  Commons.  A  very  general.  impression'  prevails,  that  the  new  Baron  of  the  -Exchequer  will  be  found  aMongst  Mr.  Wilde,  Q.C.  (  a  nephew  of  the  late,  Lord  Trutt),  Mr:  Alexander  Q.,0  4  ,  and  Mr,  KnnWleS;  •-  Mr.  Bramwell's  has'been  mentioned;  b  ut  i  . STYLE=superscript  it  is  .a  well-known'  tact  that'he  refused  be.  Judgeship  i  n  t  h  e.  Court,  of  Common;  Pleas  'which  tlecule  vacant  .by  the  retirement  .of  Mr.  Justice  iNclaule,  and  -which  Was  afterwards  ; STYLE=superscript  conferred'  on,  Mr.  Willes,  and  it  is  not  likely  that'  after  the  lapse.  Of  a  few'  Weeks  he  will  accept  a  put  which  has  no  greater  advan advantres  tres advantres  thail  that  he  deClined.  When  the.  retireraeutof  Baron  was  - STYLE=superscript  decided  upon  a  few.  weeks  Ago  Mr.  John  :09.wling  was  named  as  his  sticcesser,  but  the  le  - STYLE=superscript  arned  , STYLE=superscript  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  did  not  live  to  enjoy  the  dignity  whioh  he  would  have  bnrne  so  well:  The  new  judge  will  be  named  before  Hilary  term,  which  commenees''ia,,the,  c*le'.§fr  few  days."
