text
"NORTHERN  TIMES.--LIVERPOOL,  TUESDAY,  JANUARY  29,  1850.  POLITICAL  ENTERTAINMENT  IN  MANCHESTER.  SOIREE  TO  MESSRS.  BRIGHT  AND  GIBSON  LAST  NIGHT.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  A  soiree  was  held  in  Manchester  last  night,  in  honour  of  the  members  for  that  city,  the  Right  Hon.  T.  Milner  Gibson.  and  Mr.  John  Bright.  The  entertainment  took  place  in  the  Corn  Exchange,  and  as  usual  with  those  annual  demonstrations,  was  very  numerously  attended.  Upwards  of  1000  tickets  were  stated  to  have  been  issued,  and  the  large  room  of  the  Corn  Exchange  was,  accord accordingly,  ingly, accordingly,  completely  filled.  Among  those  on  the  platform,  were  Messrs.  George:  Wilson,  James  Heywood,  M.P.,  William  Brown,  M.P.,  Joseph  Crook,  M.P.,  Major-  General  Thompson,  M.P.,  and  a  very  large  number  of  other  gentlemen.  Precisely  at  six  o'clock  Mr.  Wilson  came  upon  the  plat platform,  form, platform,  accompanied  by  the  Right  Hon.  T.  Milner  Gibson  and  Mr.  John  Bright.  The  appearance  of  these  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  was  the  signal  for  a  burst  of  the  most  enthusiastic  applause,  which  was  again  and  again  renewed  with  such  fervour,  that  it  was  several  minutes  before  silence  was  sufficiently  restored  to  allow  the  business  of  the  night  to  proceed.  The  chair  was  taken,  amid  loud  applause,  by  George  Wilson,  Esq.  _  The  Chairman  said  they  were  assembled  that  night  to  do  honour  to  the  eminent  services  of  the  gentleman  who  was  right  honourable  by  the  favour  of  the  Queen,  and  the  gentleman  who  was  right  honourable  by  favour  of  the  people,  the  members  for  Manchester.  (Cheers.)  He  denied  that  this  was  any  merely  formal  annual  assemblage,  and  contrasted  it  strongly  and  humourouslv  with  the  occasions  when,in  the  good  old  times,  before  'the  Reform  Bill  the  ministerial  member  came  to  meet  his  constituents.  Then  a  general  declaration  of  opposition  to  reform,  Catholic  and  Jewish  Emancipation  and  every  progressive  measure,  and  a  stout  adherence  to  all  antiquated  class  privileges,  constituted  the  member's  whole  extent  of  political  pro profession.  fession. profession.  Times  were  changed  since  that  period,  yet  they  had  seen  men  elected  by  the  pop  u  l  ar  vo  i  ce  as  t  h  e  people's  choice,  with  popular  acclaim,  who  very  easily  yielded,  were  advised  away,  or  won  away,  from  the  intrepid  party  among  which  he  made  his  first  appearance  in  parliament,  and  after  a  gradual  decline,  died  as  complete  political  hacks  as  ever  were  seen  in  the  House  of  Commons.  They  had  not  met  there  that  night  to  do  honour  to  men  of  th..t  stamp.  (Hear,  hear.)  Not  alone  as  members  for  Manchester,  although  Manchester  might  well  teel  proud  of  them,  did  they  honour  these  men  but  because  they  were  the  leaders  of  a  party  in  the  House  of  Commons  which  was  thoroughly  upright  and  independent.  (Cheers.)  People  were  becoming  heart-sick  of  party  names.  The  war  had  made  the  country  weary  of  the  ministerial  party.  The  Conservative  party  could  not,  even  with  Mr.  Disraeli,  and  Lord  Derby,  and  Mr.  Walpole  at  their  head,  possibly  sustain  office.  It  was  not  from  the  party  which  followed  Lord  J.  Russell  that  a  permanent  government  could  be  expected,  nor  even  from  the  ability  of  that  party  of  which  Sir  J.  Graham,  Mr.  Gladstone,  Mr.  S.  Herbert,  and  Mr.  Cardwell  were  mem membei  bei membei  s.  He  then  turned  to  their  own  party—(cheers)—and  he  asked  any  man,  even  those  who  had  complained  of  some  or  their  past  votes,  to  what  otber  party  could  they  give  their  support  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  He  expressed  his  approval  of  the  course  those  members  had  pursued,  and  he  believed  that  their  future  course  should  be  to  follow  the  same  strict  line  of  duty.  What  great  measure  which  they  had  supported  would  not  those  around  him  approve  of?  (Hear,  hear.)  He  reviewed  the  leading  measures  for  which  the  country  was  chiefly  indebted  to  the  mem members  bers members  for  Manchester,  and  called  upon  the  meeting  to  agree  with  him  in  the  approval  of  them.  Every  public  speaker  or  journalist,  who  contended  that  the  war  did  not  injure  the  country,  founded  that  declaration  upon  the  exist existence  ence existence  of  those  great  political  measures  of  commercial  freedom,  for  which  the  country  was  indebted  to  Colonel  Thompson  and  the  Manchester  school-  (Cheers.)  He  did  not  admit  the  assertion  which  had  been  often  made,  that  the  course  these  gentlemen  pursued  had  caused  the  loss  of  their  popu popularity,  larity, popularity,  and  he  pointed  to  the  present  meeting  as  a  triumph triumph'  ' triumph'  ant  denial  of  the  assertion.  The  decision  of  that  constitu constituency  ency constituency  for  the  next  election  was  made.  (Hear,  and  cheers.)  They  would  extend  to  themselves  as  they  had  done,  their  unswerving  confidence  and  support,  and  whatever  virulence  or  misrepresentation  they  might  he  exposed  to  abroad,  they  should  have  the  consolation  of  knowing  that  here  their  policy  was  understood,  and  their  services  appreciated.  (Cheers.)  The  Chairman  concluded  by  reading  several  letters  of  apalozy  and  sympathy,  from  Mr.  Alexander  Henry,  and  several  other  gentlemen.  The  Right  Hon.  T.  Milner  Gibson  then  came  forward,  and  was  received  with  vociferous  applause.  After  a  few  prefatory  observations,  he  declared  himself  now  as  he  had  ever  been—a  supporter  of  religious  emancipation,  and  of  political  and  commercial  freedom.  He  declared  that  Parliament  had  taken  retrograde  measures  of  commercial  policy  last  session  by  suspending  the  decline  of  the  duty  on  tea,  by  raising  the  duties  on  sugar  and  coffee,  and  other  measures.  A  state  of  war  seemed  to  have  had  the  effect  of  rendering  the  legislature  incapable  of  engaging  itself  in  the  serious  consideration  of  measures  for  the  benefit  of  the  people,  measures  of  civil  progress  and  domestic  improvement.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  referred  to  the  repeal  of  the  newspaper  stamp  duty,  which  he  declared  was  imperfect  until  they  had  also  achieved  the  repeal  of  the  duty  on  paper.  The  measure  had,  however,  done  considerable  benefit  to  the  country,  even  already.  They  had  cheap  and  good  papers  extensively  circulated,  and  he  did  not  see  that  inundation  of  bad  and  mischievous  publications  with  which  it  was  predicted  that  the  country  would  he  inundated.  The  London  journals  always  recorded  the  death  of  a  cheap  paper,  but  they  did  not  record  how  many  new  ones  had  sprung  into  existence,  and  were  flourishing,  and  they  did  not  tell  of  the  bankrupt  state  of  some  of  the  London  journals.  They  could  not  expect  the  same  circula circulation  tion circulation  here  as  in  America,  because  the  population  had  been  neglected  as  regarded  the  means  of  acquiring  knowledge.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  declared  that  war,  or  no  war,  he  should  endeavour  to  press  upon  the  legislature  the  necessity  of  abolishing  the  duty  upon  paper.  (Cheers.)  The  speaker  then  referred  to  the  war.  He  said  that  from  all  he  had  heard  there  appeared  a  very  good  chance  of  peace  at  an  early  date.  (Great  cheering.)  He  had  never  been  able  to  wander  into  the  regions  of  imagina imagination  tion imagination  so  far  as  to  believe  all  they  were  told  of  the  future  designs  of  Russia,  and  the  danger  of  Europe  being  over overwhelmed  whelmed overwhelmed  with  a  flood  of  northern  invaders.  He  had  never  taken  what  he  might  call  the  hobgoblin  view  of  the  ques question.  tion. question.  (Laughter.)  To  tell  him,  especially  after  what  they  had  seen,  that  Russia  was  going  to  swallow  up  Germany,  with  sixty  millions  of  people,  then  France,  then  Spain,  Sweden,  and  at  last  poor  little  England,  was  something  he  could  not  bring  himself  to  believe.  Neither  did  he  believe  that  Russia  could  turn  England  out  of  the  Indian  empire.  This  had  been  called  a  war  of  freedom,  but  he  denied  that  it  was  a  war  which  could  !promote  the  freedom  of  any  European  nation  whatever.  He  had  been  lately  travelling  in  France,  Germany,  and  the  north  of  Europe,  and  he  never  found  any  ;individual  whatever  who  supposed  that  his  liberty  was,  in  the  smallest  degree,  promoted,  or  could  be  promoted  by  the  result  of  this  war.  He  denied  that  there  was  in  Germany  the  smallest  feeling  of  gratitude  to  England  for  the  share  she  was  taking  in  the  war,  or  that  England  was  at  all  regarded  as  the  defender  of  German.liberty.  He  was  in  favour,  last  year,  of  making  peace  upon  the  four  points,  and  he  thought  peace  might  have  been  made  honoi  irably  long  ago.  Aus Austria,  tria, Austria,  in  May  last,  proposed  a  solution  of  the  four  points,  to  be  submitted  to  Russia.  but  the  English  government  tiElrathe  French  at  the.  Great  would  not  allow  it.  Now,  they  were  going  to  do  just  that  very  thing.  He  believed  that  the  tustpotrh  ooapartiesipbtn  Europe,  etn:s  tsel  whohautatri  satisfied  whichfir  solution  te  o  rhdwr  o  ewe  k  wad  e  ass  looked  sot  thlno  u  uon  p  t  ttti  o  o  hho  w  n  anee  submitted—andtAwwh  itsuhhe  siiwrh STYLE=superscript  principalbai  a  r  e  Ant  tu  r  e  osrstm,roi  Austria  a  h  ts  the  supporters,  proposed  believed  securityone  lf  t  i  e  o  f  view  in.  which  it  was  regarded  by  n  words  used  by  the  Exllibition,  when  he  said  The  most  brilliant  military  success  is  but  transient,  what  we  wish  is  He  looked  upon  these  words  as  an  invitation  to  Europe  to  mediate.  Re  argued  that,  even  among  the  government,  there  was  a  desire,  long  since,  for  peace,  which  he  exem exemplified  plified exemplified  by  their  offering  the  first  great  office  at  their  disposal  to  an  eminent  member  of  the  peace  party,  Mr.  Sydney  Herbert.,  who  had  just  before  declared  that  he  believed  the  objects  of  the  war  attained.  They  next  offrred  that  office,  not  to  a  furious  war  advocate  but  to  Lord  Stanley,  a  nobleman  belonging  to  the  party  of  Lord  Derby,  but  who  had  distinguished  himself  in  the  House  of  Commons  by  able  speeches,  strongly  of  a  peaceful  character,  and  who  had  been  remarkable  from  the  commencement  for  the  statesmanlike  moderation  with  which  he  had  treated  the  Russian  question.  He  declared  that  the  nations  of  Europe  were  all  in  favour  of  peace,  and  hoped  they  would  accept  the  invitation  of  the  Emperor  of  the  French,  and  step  forward  with  one  accord,  and  put  the  utmost  pressure  upon  the  belligerents  to  desist  from  the  war  —a  war  which  if  it  was  necessary  ever,  which  he  did  not  believe  —was  proved  to  be  unnecessary,  for  all  had  agreed  upon  the  leading  principle  of  the  four  points.  (Cheers.)  He  alluded  to  the  fact,  that  some  parties  seemed  to  be  pre preparing  paring preparing  a  second  war  for  them,  on  the  Asiatic  question,  and  quotedmost  humorous  extract  from  a  letter  of  the  Rev.  a  Sydney  Smith  to  the  Countess  Grey,  amusingly  deprecating  any  more  wars  on  behalf  of  the  general  freedom  of  Furope.  He  replied  to  those  who  urged  that  the  war  should  be  con continued  tinued continued  because  the  fleets  and  armies  had  not  achieved  suffi sufficient.  cient. sufficient.  The  fleets  had  not  done  what  was  expected,  because  there  was  so  much  bluster  and  ,  Emperor  i  t  enhdeomu  that  tgfaooohyft  ex expectation  pectation expectation  of  utter  impossibilities.  Sir  Charles  Napier  had  been  made  a  victim,  and  dismissed  for  not  doing  impossibilities,  and  risking  ,  the  British  fleet  ,  by  attempting  what  his  successor  had  failed  to  do  :  and  now  Admiral  Dundas  was  also  recalled.  He  quoted  a  passage  from  the  Times  to  chew  the  trifling  results  of  the  efforts  of  the  fleet  during  the  last  season.  That  gun  boats  would  have  much  more  success,  as  regarded  the  taking  of  walls  and  batteries,  he  said  was  denied  by  all  experience.  One  of  the  exploits,  of  rather  a  baccanneering  character,  he  declared  was  the  burning  last  year,  in  the  Gulf  of  Bothnia,  of  property  which  did  not  belong  to  Russia,  but  was  actually  the  property  of  Englishmen,  and  for  some  part  the  property,  or  in  a  few  days  would  h  ave  b  een  the  property  of  the  British  government.  (Laughter.)  He  stated  as  a  fact  that  a  large  quantity  of  tar  destroyed  by  Admiral  Plum Plumridge,  ridge, Plumridge,  last  year  in  the  Gulf  of  Bothnia,  was  British  proper  and  that  a  great  part  of  it  was  about  to  eupp  - STYLE=superscript  liEd  according  to  tender  to  the  British  government,  for  the  61  the  British  Dockyard,  (Laughter.)  This  was  what  was  called  a  brilliant  feat  of  arms.  (Laughter.)  lie  regretted  that  a  British  fleet  should  have  pursued  buccan buccaneering  eering buccaneering  practices  towards  private  property,  which  he  declared  bad  caused  the  English  name,  where  it  bad  been  once  beloved  to  be  now  execrated.  He  had  been  told  by  Swedes  that  a  stain  had  been  brought  upon  the  British  arms  by  their  de destruction  struction destruction  of  the  property  of  the  poor  and  defenceless,  and  making  war  upon  non-combatant  citizens.  He  wished  that  a  treaty  were  made  embodying  the  principle  proposed  by  the  United  States'  Government,  which  would  allow  peaceful  commerce  to  be  pursued.  But  he  regretted  that  a  disposi disposition  tion disposition  was  now  shown  even  t  o  quarre  l  w  ith  th  e  United  States.  He  deeply  deprecat  e  d  th  e  di  sgrace  f  u  l  prac  ti  ce  of  sending STYLE=superscript  agents  into  th  e  var  i  ous  na  ti  ons  o  f  t  h  e  wor  ld  ,  i  n  violation  of  their  municipal  laws,  for  seducing  their  subjects  to  enlist  in  our  army  to  fight  battles  in  which  their  own  country  had  no  interest.  He  hoped  parliament  would  visit  this  course  with  their  severest  reprehension.  The  right  policy  winch  the  government  of  England  ought  to  have  pursued  with  a  view  to  the  permanent  interest  of  England,  was  lo  observe  the  s•rictest  rules  with  reference  to  the  United  States,  and  to  do  nothing  to  infringe  their  neutral neutrality,  ity, neutrality,  and  do  every  thi  ng  t  o  cement  those  States  to  England  by  ties  of  mutual  affection  and  common  interest.  (Cheers.)  Having  referred  to  the  imprisonment  of  an  English  consul  at  Cologne  for  a  violation  of  the  laws  of  Prussia  in  enlisting  men  there,  the  speaker  in  an  eloquent  pero  rat  i  on  ,  expresse  d  a  hope  for  peace,  as  the  chief  safeguard  against  Russian  schemes,  the  only  mode  by  which  the  Turkish  question  could  ever  be  settled,  and  the  means  of  promoting  the  real  greatness  of  England,  and  the  social  and  moral  welfare  of  the  English  people.  The  speaker  resumed  his  seat  amidst  enthusiastic  cheering.  Mr.  Bright  then  presented  himself,  and  was  greeted  with  the  most  enerzetic  bursts  of  applause,  which  were  again  and  again  renewed  f  r  several  minutes.  When  silence  had,been  at  length,  and  with  some  difficulty,  restored,  the  honourable  gentleman  proceeded  to  address  the  meeting.  After  some  introductory  observations,  he  said—l  shall  not,  upon  this  occasion,  ask  you  to  travel  back  with  me  through  the  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  out  of  which  this  unhappy  war  has  arisen,  nor  sha'l  I  invite  you  to  listen  to  a  narrative  of  the  disasters  by  which  it  has  been  accompanied—nor  shall  I  go  into  any  of  the  horrible  details  with  which,  unfortunately,  we  have  all  been  made  too  familiar.  But  I  shall  step  at  once  to  that  which  really  is  the  matter  which  engages  everybody's  thoughts,  the  terms  and  the  prospects  of  'Pace.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now.  we  probably  are  more  free  to  discuss  these  matters  than  many  of  the  people  in  th(  country,  .  ,  for  the  war  men—and,  by  an  d  . STYLE=superscript  bye,  it  will  he  difficult  to  find  any  traces  of  them—(cheers  and  laughter)—the  war warmen  men warmen  appeared  to  me  to  be  exceedingly  puzzled,  and  having  blundered  from  the  beginning,  I  do  not  suppose  they  ever  will  get  entirely  out  of  the  mist.  The  objects  of  the  war  are  always  to  be  kept  in  view  when  you  discuss  the  question  of  the  terms  which  are  proposed  to  put  an  end  to  the  war.  I  agree  entirely  with  my  friend  Mr.  Gibson  in  saying  that  we  must  shut  out  from  our  view  altogether  the  extraneous  and  monstrous  propositions  which  have  been  so  common,  and  confine  myself  strictly  to  the  declaration  of  the  Crown  and  of  her  Majesty's  Ministers,  and  to  the  despatches  which  have  been  laid  upon  the  table  of  the  Howes  of  Parliament.  Now  the  real  object,  as  you  will  gather  from  these  sources  of  the  war,  was  that  this  country  should  enter  into  an  alliance  with  France,  and  more  recently  with  Sardinia,  and  should  endeavour  to  secure  Turkey  from  a  suspected  design  upon  the  part  of  Russia  to  make  a  spoil  of  Turkey.  Ido  not  believe  it  was  intended  that  the  Ottoman  should  rule  for  ever,  but  rather  that  if  the  Turk  became  a  spoil  he  should  not  become  only  a  Rusian  spoil,  but  that  he  should  become  a  general  spoil  in  the  interests  of  the  balance  of  power.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  I  do  not  now  imagine  that  there  is  anybody  here  or  employed  out  of  doors,  who  will  read  what  I  am  saying,  who  suppose  that  the  freedom  of  any  single  human  being,  or  of  any  country,  has  anything  whatever  to  do  with  this  war.  (Hear,  hear.)  Yet  you  will  find  that  the  newspapers  which  have  most  pertinaciously  supported  this  war,  have  insisted  upon  it,  that  some  how  or  other—they  never  told  us  bow—freedom  would  come  out  of  the  confusion  of  this  war.  I  believe  that  Poland  will  still  form  a  portion  of  Russia,  and  Austria,  and  Prussia.  I  believe,  for  all  this  war  has  done.  that  Hungary  will  still  remain  annexed  to,  and  dependent  upon,  the  crown  of  Austria.  I  believe  that,  for  all  this  war  has  done,  Italy  still  may  sigh  for  that  liberty,  which  appears  for  ever  to  elude  her  grasp.  And  I  think  nobody  will  now  say  that  the  war  was  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  crippling  Russia.  The  time  has  gone  by  when  national  extermination,  on  a  grand  scale,  could  be  carried  out;  and  I  think  whatever  the  terms  are,  which  were  offered  in  April,  or  which  are  offered  now,  or  are  likely  to  be  offered  at  any  time,  to  the  English  Government,  if  they  be  concluded,  Russia  will  remai  1,  at  the  con conclusion  clusion conclusion  of  the  peace,  one  of  the  great  powers  of  Europe,  and  its  influence  on  Europe  and  in  all  the  negociations  and  transactions  of  the  European  states  will  be  pretty  much  at  a  par  with  that  which  she  has  exercised  heretofore.  (Hear,  hear.)  Well,  as  to  the  Ottoman  rule,  I  confess  that  I  don't  like  to  talk  about  the  condition  of  the  Sultan.  I  have  no  wish  that  the  Sultan  should  continue  to  rule  in  Constantinople,  or  that  the  Mahommedan  power  should  be  supreme.  But  lam  sorry  that  under  pretences,  and  with  avowed  objects  of  an  oppo opposite  site opposite  character,  the  result  of  the  interference  of  this  country  in  Turkish  affairs  has  been  greatly  to  accelerate  the  ruin  which  must,  before  long,  come  upon  the  Turkish  empire.  That  empire  is  just  in  the  condition  of  a  horse  of  which  I  once  heard,  when  travelling  in  Scotland  with  my  old  friend  General  Thompson,  who  has  come  here  to-night  to  attend  this  meeting.  (Cheers.)  It  was  a  story  of  his  of  a  ser servant  vant servant  who  came  to  tell  hia  master  that  his  horse  was  very  sick,  The  master  asked  if  the  horse  was  lingering  ?  was  the  reply,  is  lingeiing  (Cheers  and  laughter)  I  think  that  is  just  the  condition  of  Turkey—it  is  lingering  fast.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  Now,  lam  not  going  to  depreciate  the  terms  of  the  peace  which  have  been  offered  by  Austria  as  between  France,  England,  and  Russia.  I  think  the  terms  in  themselves  admirable,  and  chiefly  because  I  have  reason  to  believe  that  they  will  lead  to  pacification.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  do  not  think  that  they  are  admirable  at  all  with  regard  to  the  thousand  objects  which  the  war  party  of  our  country  have  put  forward.  But  so  far  as  they  will  lead  to  peace,  I  like  them,  and  I  believe  they  are  just  as  good  for  the  avowed  objects  of  the  war  as  any  terms  which  could  by  possibility  be  had  by  any  number  of  combinations  between  France,  England,  and  Russia.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  first  of  them  was  the  Christian  protectorate.  Ido  not  reckon  much  of  that.  It  certainly  was  not  worth  going  to  war  for,  because  the  Russian  government  was  willing  to  have  granted  before  the  war,  everything  which  was  asked  with  regard  to  that  point  which  they  grant  now.  It  was  said  that  Russia  should  not  have  an  exclusive  protectorate,  hut  that  somehow  or  other  she  should  take  the  other  powers  into  a  general  partnership—l  suppose  with  a  limited  liability  act  in  opera operation.  tion. operation.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  The  next  is  the  question  of  the  Principalities.  It  is  a  curious  thing  that  sixty  years  ago  the  Empress  Catherine,  of  Russia,  who  has  been  quoted  as  one  of  those  Russian  monarchs  who  proposed  a  policy  of  universal  aggrandizement,  she  herself  propo propo'  ' propo'  sed  that  Moldavia  and  Wallachia,  and  Bessarabia,  since  become  provinces  of  Russia,  should  be  formed  into  inde independent  pendent independent  states.  That  was,  if  I  mistake  not,  disapproved  of  by  the  English  government  of  the  time.  Now  the  same  Moldavia  and  Wallachia,  without  Bessarabia,  are  to  un undergo  dergo undergo  some  such  transformation.  Then,  the  next  question,  is  the  question  of  the  Danube.  There  are  people  who  appear  to  think  that  ships  are  not  allowed  by  Russia  to  go  up  the  Danube,  and  some  who  have  a  dark  suspicion  that  if  shins  do  go  up  there,  they  arc  never  allowed  to  get  back.  (Laughter.)  They  seem  to  be  quite  unaware  that,  notwith notwithstanding  standing notwithstanding  all  that  the  wise  men  of  the  newspapers  [tell  us,  there  is  not  a  river  in  Europe  whose  traffic  and  commerce  have  increased  in  so  great  a  ratio  during  the  last  ten  years  as  the  traffic  of  the  river  Danube.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  iu  April  last  Russia  offered—nay,  agreed,  that  instead  of  having  the  sole  control  over  the  months  of  the  Danube,  there  should  be  a  joint  commission,  and  I  recollect  that  Lord  John  Russell  wanted  especially  to  contend  that  an  Englishman  should  be  upon  it,  sad  that  that  joint  commis commission  sion commission  should  have  conceded  to  them  all  the  dutiee,  which,  by  the  treaty  of  Vienna,  were  originally  conceded  to  Russia.  Mr.  Bright  then  considered  all  the  other  points  which  were  now  said  to  be  gained,  and  which  he  contended  were  just  equally  as  easy  of  attainment  in  April  last,  and  among  these  was  the  only,  thing  which  he  considered  worth  a  straw—and  even  that  certainly  was  not  worth  nations  going  to  war  for,  —that  the  different  nations  should  unite  in  a  treaty,  by  which  they  undertook  to  respect  the  territories  of  Turkey,  and  that  none  of  these  powers  should.  in  any  way  whatever,  assail  the  Turkish  empire.  Mr.  Bright  then  proceeded  to  con consider  sider consider  the  amount  of  losses  by  the  war,  and  the  amount  of  good  which  had  been  attained.  He  took  the  loss  of  men  to  England  at  50,000  ;  to  France,  100,000  ;  Turkey  100,000:  and  Russia,  250,000.  It  might  be  said  that  they  should  not  consider  the  losses  of  Russia  as  any  matter  of  regret—and  when  they  abolished  the  decalogue  and  the  sermon  on  the  mount,  and  all  such  antiquated  prejudices,  then  he  would  say,  let  them  not  sympathise  with  an  enemy.  The  Rus Russians  sians Russians  died  in  a  cause  which  appeared  to  them  glorious— gloriousto  to gloriousto  repel  the  invaders  of  the  west.  Lord  Palmerston  con congratulated  gratulated congratulated  the  people  of  England  on  the  fact,  that  if  the  English  army  had  suffered,  the  Russian  army  suffered  still  more.  But  he  (Mr.  Bright)  was  of  opini  on  that  250,000  Russians  reckoned  for  something  on  the  tablets  of  the  receding  angel,  and  therefore  he,  as  a  pro professing  fessing professing  Christian  man,  in  a  consideration  of  the  cost  of  the  war,  could  not  reject  the  Russians  any  more  than  the  Turks,  the  French,  or  even  the  English,  from  his  sympa sympathies.  thies. sympathies.  (Cheers.)  He  then  considered  the  money  lost,  not  alone  in  direct  outlay,  but  also  in  the  depression  of  trade,  and  increased  taxation.  Then  he  spoke  of  the  moral  evils  which  the  war  had  entailed,  and  upon  this  subject  he  said—You  have,  for  example,  in  your  theatres,  seen  men  i  i  getting  up  and  cheering  when  it  was  announced  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  had  follow(  d  the  fate  appointed  for  all  living.  You  have  seen  that  publication  which  ministers  to  the  fun  and  the  laughter-loving  propensities  of  the  people,  making  admirable  jokes,  because  the  pale  mos-  '  senger  struck  not  at  a  cottage  but  at  a  palace,  and  sum summoned  moned summoned  to  his  everlasting  account  the  greatest  monarch  upon  the  face  of  the  earth.  (Cheers.)  Was  not  that  a  theme  which  should  have  made  men  hold  their  peace,  because  that  which  struck  him  down  will  strike  - STYLE=superscript  ua  down,  and  no  man  knows  how  seen.  (Cheers.)  Then  look  at  the  influence  of  this  war  upon  your  pulpits—(hear,  hear)—upon  your  bishops,  the  supreme  guardians  of  the  religion  revealed  in  those  chapters  which  record  the  ser sermon  mon sermon  on  the  mount—ministers  of  the  iEstablished  Church,  dissenting  ministers  in:great  numbers.  I  say  all  this  cannot  take  place  without  great  moral  less  to  the  country.  (He  ar  ,  hear.)  I  shall  not  dwell  upon  ;that  point  any  longer,  for  sholdi  be  sorry  to  hurt  the  feelings  of  any  man  who,  how however  ever however  wrong  they  may  have  acted  in  my  e  -- STYLE=superscript  '  '  •  acted  I  dare  say,  under  the  belief  that,  t  hey  wet,  service  to  their  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  'When  the  pas passion  sion passion  is  over,  perhaps  they  will  review  what.  they  have  said  and  taught,  and  written.  and  may  come  to  a  mind  more  consistent  to  the  office  which  they  undertake,  and  to  the  solemn  and  sacred  dale,  which  they  profess  to  perform.  (Cheers.)  Then  come  to  another  sphere,  the  sphere  of  poetry—the  poet,  laureate  for  example.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cries  of  Maud.')  That  gentleman  whom  I  have  never  seen  er  met,  I  believe,  but  once  acci accidentally—is  dentally—is accidentally—is  a  gentleman  of  great  refinement  or  manner  and  of  mind,  who  has  written  poetry  which  will  live  as  lone  as  our  language.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  yet  such  is  the  pestilential  influence  of  these  scenes  of  carnage  upon  a  mind  so  accomplished  and  so  elevated  as  his,  that  he  hai  put  forth  a  poem  embodying  sentiments  which  his  friends  regret  that  he  should  ever  have  spoken.  I  had  an  oppor opportunity  tunity opportunity  lately  of  reading  a  poem  from  another  country,  written  by  an  American,'  Lo STYLE=superscript  ngfellow—(cheers)  —a  poem  which  speaks  of  the  legends  of  the  Indian  tribes.  Whist  I  turn  from  the  poem  of  our  poet  - STYLE=superscript  laureate.  in  whi  c  h  I  fi  n  d  him  descending.  to  slang  of  almost  the  coarsest  character,  I  turn  with  delight  to  the  exquisite  poem  which  has  come  to  us  from  the  other:side  of  the  Atlantic.  (Cheers.)  Now,  take  the  tone  of  the  ne'vspaper  press.  Those  gentlemen  who  came  out  many  o'  twin  every  morning,  a  great  num number  ber number  of  them  every  week,  do  not  scruple  in  the  most  violent  manner  to  misrepresent  the  opinions,  to  attack  the  senti sentiments,  ments, sentiments,  and  to  vilify  the  motives  of  any  'ody  who  hap happens,  pens, happens,  as  I  have  done,  to  oppose  th  e  war.  'These  gentlemen  with  a  face  of  inconceivable  effrontery,  turn  round  if  any anybody  body anybody  says  a  single  word  against  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  suppose,  at.  any  rate,  I  may  speak  once  in  two  months,  and  say  a  little  in  my  own  defence,  against  those  who  attack  me  every  morning.  (Cheers)  They  have  told  you.  and  I  suppose  they  have  convinced  the  Lord  Advo Advocate  cate Advocate  of  Scotland,  there  are  other  means  of  convincing  Lord  Advocates,  I  know—(hear,  hear,  and  laugh'er)—  that  the  Russian  Power  was  colossal,  rine  that  not  only  Turkey  was  threatened—poor  emaciated  decrepid  Turkey  —but  that  robust  France,  and  robust  England  were  also  threatened.  There  was  no:  a  soul  of'  them  who  could  write  a  sentence  of  English.  I  tell  you,  who  believed  it.  But  now  they  tell  you,  after  two  short  campaigns,  that  this  vast  power  which  was  to  overrun  Europe,  was  so  utterly  prostrated  that  it  must  came  linen  its  knees  and  sue  for  peace.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  How  to  recon reconcile  cile reconcile  those  differences,  I  (la  not  know;  especially  when  it  happens  that  Russia  has  taken,  during  the  war,  at  least  twice  as  many  prisoners  of  the  Allies,  as  the  Allies  have  taken  of  Russia,  and,  notwithstanding,  the  Allies  possess  certain  parts  of  Russia  to  the  south,  Russia  possesses  ten  times  more  square  miles  belonging  to  the  Allies,  than  the  Allies  do  belonging  to  Russia.  They  have  Kars.  and  in  point  of  fact  almost  uncontested,  the  southern  side  of  the  Black  Sea  is  theirs.  I  do  not  rejoice  at  this,  but  if  I  were  editor  of  a  news newspaper,  paper, newspaper,  or  writer  for  one,  and  if  I  could  not  clearly  set  before  the  public  the  facts  for  and  aeainst,  so  that  they  should  kuow  precisely  what  was  going  on—if  I  could  not  afford  to  do  this.  I  would  choose  someot  her  way  ofearn;ng  my  bread.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  I  undertake  to  say  that  since  the  day  when  Ahab,  at  the  bidding  of  400  prophets,  whose  tongues  Satan  had  filled  with  lies,  went  up  to  Rarnoth  Gilead  to  battle,  there  has  been  no  greater  imposition  practised  on  any  people,  than  has  been  prac practised  tised practised  by  those  writers  of  the  public  press  upon  us.  (Great  cheering.)  Mr.  Bright  then  referred  to  the  fact,  that  Lord  John  Russell,  in  the  House  of  Commons,  defended  the  system  of  interfering  in  the  affairs  of  other  countries.  by  referring  to  the  balance  of  power,  and  declar declaring  ing declaring  that  it  had  been  the  policy  of  this  country  since  the  days  of  William  the  Third,  and  entered  into  a  very  lengthened  analysis  of  the  wars  in  which  this  country  was  engaged,  since  that  period,  to  show  that  that  policy  had  only  resulted  in  national  detriment  and  injury.  He  contended,  that  pursuing  that  plan  of  national  inter interference,  ference, interference,  and  carrying  on  costly  wars  was  absolutely  death  to  the  hopes  of  that  class,  for  whom  ragged  schools  and  reformatories  were  necessary.  He  pointed  as  a  con contrast  trast contrast  to  the  policy  pursued  by  America,  which  he  declared  was  a  country,  which  if  no  accident  happened  to  her,  and  no  unforseen  folly  took  possession  of  her  people's  minds,  would  be  that  country  to  which  the  people  of  England  would  hereafter,  if  they  did  not  learn  wisdom  soon,  look  as  the  nation  which,  by  a:wise  policy  had  avoided  the  rocks  and  shoals  upon  which  they  were  threatened  to  be  stranded.  He  alluded  to  the  statement  in  the  Times  of  a  projected  coalition  between  Mr.  Disraeli,  Mr.  Gladstone,  and  himself,observing  that  it  was  scarcely  necessary  for  him  to  contradict  it.  But  he  took  that  opportunity  of  saying  that  he  was  satisfied  the  man  who  wrote  that  stater  lent,  whether  he  was  a  r  rivy  councillor  or  not,  he  did  not  know,  had  not  the  least  shadow  of  a  shade  of  foundation  for  it  when  he  wrote  it  ;  and  more,  he  believed  that  the  writer  knew  that  every  single  syllable  which  he  wrote  in  regard  to  that  matter  was  an  absolute  and  unmitigated  falsehood.  (Cheers.)  Lord  Palmerston  had  been  trying  to  get  up  a  coalition  with  Mr.  Disraeli  and  Mr.  Glad Gladstun,  stun, Gladstun,  not,  by  going  tv  those  !srot.lcumor-pertiottatty,  ULIL  through  their  intimate  friends.  He  (Mr.  Bright),  hoped  he  should  have  credit  for  this,  that  so  far  as  his  political  conduct  had  gone,  it  had  been  free  from  all  taint  of  far.  Lion  or  intrigue.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  Mr.  Bright  then,  in  an  eloquent  peroration,  vindicated  the  purity  and  integrity  of  his  political  career,  and  the  disinterestedness  of  his  objects,  and  resumed  his  seat  amid  renewed  and  long  sustained  applause.  Our  space  has  only  allowed  us  to  give  the  barest  outline  of  an  address  which  occupied  close  on  two  hours  in  delivery.  General  Thompson  was  next  called  for,  and  rose  amid  cordial  applause.  The  gallant  general  hed  only  com commenced  menced commenced  to  speak  when  our  reporter  was  compelled  to  leave  for  the  train.  d  in  this  reqpPct,  )ing  a  TRADE  REPORT.-MONDA  COTTON  :  There  has  been  a  steady  market  for  Cotton  to today,  day, today,  the  demand  has  been  active,  the  supply  ample,  and  prices  are  firm.  The  salrq,  including  250  Pernambuco,  ti4i  to  7Z-d  ;  140  Bahia,  SZ-1  to  6A.1  ;  20  Maranham,  61c1  ;  400  Egyptian.  52  . STYLE=superscript  1  to  71d  :  2,500  Surat,  nd  to  414  ;  ere  reported  12,000  bales,  of  which  5,000  are  on  speculation  and  for  export.  COTTON  STATEMENT,  -  -rn  rnost  SEP  r.  1,  1855  ,  TO  JAN%  G,  1850,  ---------  -,  •  P  orts  to  Total  Ex  Receipts.  Exports  to  Stock  and  on  Foreign  •  Shipboard.  Great  Britain  G  19,7.  0  329,40,1  2  507  CONCENTRATED  LEMON  JUICE  :  Small  stock  13-16  d  per  degree.  ROMAN  VITRIOL,  best  make,  36s  6J,  deliverable  here,  or  in  Manchester.  MADDERS  ,ellers  at  Good  E.S.F's  French,  retailing  at  44s"
