text
"average  harvest,  which  means,  if  it  goes  for  any-  I STYLE=superscript  thing,  that  she  has  grown  two-thirds-amore  than  she  can  •  consume:  We  may  therefore  look  for  large  supplies  of  food  from  the  Irish  ports  ;  and  instead  of  having  the  whole  circle  of  Foreign  exchanges  against  us,  we  have  shown  that  it  is  the  policy  of  the  States  to  send  us  gold,  irrespec irrespective  tive irrespective  of  the  rates  of  exchange.  And  to  this  we  may  also  add  the  fact  that  England  has  become  nearly  the  sole  bullion  market  of  the  world  ;  and  so  long  as  we  can  afford  from  our  productions  to  pay  31.  17s.  101  d.  per  ounce  for  gold,  so  long  will  England  remain  the  leading  market  for  all  bullion bullionproducing  producing bullionproducing  countries.  America  will  not  pay  it  ;  other  countries  may  attempt  it  ;  but  it  will  end  in  an  attempt,  as  time  has  proved,  by  a  speedy  re-action  in  the  exchanges,  and  a  rapid  return  of  the  precious  metals  to  our  coffers.  PROROGATION  OF  PARLIAMENT.—Parliament  was  pro prorogued  rogued prorogued  on  yesterday,  formally,  to  the  3rd  January  next.  NEW  ROYAL  YACHT.—Preparations  are  being  made  for  constructing  a  new  royal  yacht  340  feet  over  all.  The  American  clipper  has  arrived,  having  made  the  passage  from  Shanghai  in  112  days.  Christopher  M'Loughlin,  one  of  the  crew  of  the  Sarah  Sands,  was  drowned  on  Monday  night  at  Birkenhead.  The  London  journals  say-,  that  a  spurious  gold  coinage  is  in  circulation-655.  gold.  No  less  than  500  men  have  deserted  from  the  army  within  the  last  three  months.  The  United  States  mail  steam  ship  Aretic  sails  to-day  from  the  Mersey,  for  New  York,  with  the  usual  mails  and  passengers.  At  a  special  petty  sessions,  held  in  the  Court  House,  Crown-street,  Manchester,  yesterday,  several  transfers  of  spirit  licenses  were  allowed  by  the  magistrates.  A  fire  occurred  in  a  room  adjoining  the  methodist  church  of  Chester,  on  Monday,  but  fortunately,  except  to  the  room,  no  harm  was  done.  The  mechanics'  institution  has  received  10/.,  a  sum  re remaining  maining remaining  from  the  funds  of  the  late  Brougham  Insti Institute.  tute. Institute.  Last  night  a  meeting  was  held  in  the  Wesleyan  Methodist  chapel,  Oldham-street,  Manchester,  in  furtherance  of  the  object  of  the  British  Society  for  the  Propagation  of  Chris Christianity  tianity Christianity  among  the  Jews.  UNWHOLESOME  MEAT.-At  the  Manchester  police-court,  yesterday,  a'  number  of  'butchers  and  cattle  dealers  were  fined  for  having  in  their  possession,  ready  dressed  for  sale,  various  quantities  of  meat  unfit  for  human  food.  THE  GOLDEN  AGE.—This  fine  steam-ship  is  now  in  the  Huskisson  dock,  andaportion  of  her  cargo  is  being  discharged.  She  will  be  got  into  the  graving  dock  to-day  for  the  purpose  of  being  overhauled.  She  is  expected  to  be  got  ready  for  sea  by  the  end  of  the  week.  AN  INCREASING  RATIO.—Mr.  Wilkes,  a  miner,  sub subscribed  scribed subscribed  one  guinea  a  day  to  the  Wesleyan  fund  in  1852  ;  for  this  year  he  subscribes  seven  guineas  a  day,  and  a  promise  of  seven  times  seven  guineas  a  day  has  been  promised  for  1854.  FARMING  OPERATIONS.—Towards  the  close  of  last  week  the  hills  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Barnard-castle  were  and  the  weather  being  dry  and  the  ground  crisp,  in  that  portion  of  the  north  the  season  is  deemed  most  favorable  for  farming  operations.  BASE  COIN,—  Several  parties  have  been  recently  taken  up  by  the  police  in  London  for  forging  and  passing  base  coin,  of  all  descriptions  —copper,  silver  and  gold  ;  and  there  seems  no  doubt  that  a  considerable  quantity  has  gone  into  circulation.  A  HARDENED  FELON.—At  the  Central  Criminal  Court,  London,  on  Monday,  Charles  Clark,  aged  22  years,  pleaded  guilty  to  stealing  a  watch  from  a  party  while  both  were  present  at  the  recent  execution  of  Mobbs,  the  murderer.  He  was,  strange  to  say,  for  the  perpetrator  of  so  hardened  an  act,  entirely  unknown  to  the  police.  Sentence,  imprison imprisonment  ment imprisonment  for  six  months.  DEATH  FROM  COLD.—An  inquest  was  held  on  Monday,  before  Edward  Herford,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  City  of  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  on  view  of  the  body  of  John  Shawcross,  pensioner,  aged  41  years,  leaving  a  widow.  Th  e  d  ecease  d  was  f  oun  d  lying  dead  in  Spear-street,  early  on  Sunday  mornine  '  and  the  medical  man  gave  it  as  his  opinion  that  he  died  from  cold  and  exposure.  FIRES  LAST  NIGHT  IN  LIVERPOOL.—Two  fires  occurred  last  night,  or  rather  this  morning,  for  they  were  in  full  blaze  at  three  o'clock  a.m.  The  one  a  shop  in  Byrom-street;  the  other  a  house  in  Renelagh-street,  corner  of  Houghton Houghtonstreet,  street, Houghtonstreet,  where  Mr.  Howe  lately  carried  on  the  bakery  business,  and  which  is  yet  used  for  that  purpose.  They  had  not  been  extinguished  when  we  went  to  press.  POLICE.—We  are  concerned  to  find  that  it  was  stated  in  our  police  reports  on  Monday,  that  in  a  case  in  which  John  Evans,  a  custom  house  officer,  was,  with  another,  charged  with  stealing  grain,  had  been  committed  for  a  month.  We  are  anxious  to  do  this  man  the  justice  of  stating  that  Evans  has  not  been  at  all  in  duresse,  and  we  have  great  satisfaction  in  stating  this  at  his  request.  DEATH  BY  DROWNING.-About  two  o'clock  this  morning,  a  man,  apparently  a  mechanic,  fell  off  the  landing  stage.  It  seemed  as  if  the  man  had  been  drinking,  awl  walked  to  the  edge  of  the  stage  from  which  he  slipped  and  fell  into  the  water.  A  boat  from  the  North  Prince's  Pier,  the  crew  of  which  were  only  half  dressed,  and  two  of  the  landing landingstage  stage landingstage  men  from  the  George's  Pier,  as  well  as  the  hands  of  the  Woodside  boat,  made  every  effort  to  save  him,  but  the  tide  ran  so  strong  that  all  attempts  were  in  vain,  and  the  unfortunate  man  was  carrried  out  to  sea.  APPOINTMENT  OF  POLICE-CONSTABLES  FOR  BROUGHTON  AND  PENDLETON.—At  a  meeting  of  the  general  watch  com committee  mittee committee  for  the  borough  of  Salford,  held  on  Monday  last,  at  the  town-hall,  twelve  police  constables  were  appointed  for  the  district  of  Pendleton,  and  nine  for  the  borough  of  Broughton.  The  charge  of  these  districts  will  be  abandoned  by  the  county  police  on  the  12th  of  December,  when  the  newly-appointed  officers  will  enter  upon  their  duties.  There  will  be  police-stations  at  Broughton  and  Pendleton,  and  the  police  will  be  superintended  by  Mr.  Taylor,  chief  con constable  stable constable  of  the  present  force.  THE  UNITED  PRESBYTERIAN  CHURCH  HOME  AND  FOREIGN  MISSIONARY  MEETING.—Last  night,  a  public  meeting  of  the  above  society  was  held  in  the  Presbyterian  chapel,  Mount  Pleasant.  Previous  to  the  meeting,  however,  sermons  had  been  preached  in  aid  of  the  funds  of  the  society,  by  the  Rev.  Andrew  Thompson,  D.D.,  of  Edinburgh,  and  the  Rev.  Hope  M.  Waddell,  a  missionary  from  Old  Calabar,  - STYLE=superscript  Africa,  at  which  collections  were  made,  amounting  to  upwards  of  531.  At  the  public  meeting,  the  chair  was  occupied  by  the  Rev.  Dr.  Critchon,  and  amongst  the  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  present  were,  the  Rev  Dr.  Thompson,  home  missionary,  the  Rev.  Mr.  Waddell,  and  the  Rev.  Mr.  Graham,  The  chairman,  having,  in  an  appropriate  introduction,  pointed  out  the  objects  of  the  society,  the  meeting  was  addressed  by  the  Rev.  Dr.  Thompson  and  Waddell  at  considerable  length,  the  former  chiefly  alluding  to  the  effects  of  the  society  at  home,  and  the  latter  its  operations  in  Africa,  requiring  the  necessity  of  increased  support,  to  fully  carry  .  out  the  objects  of  the  mission.  In  the  course  of  the  evening  a  collection  was  made  which  was  liberally  responded  to.  There  was  but  a  small  attendance  in  the  church.  PROTESTANT  MEETING.—Last  evening  a  meeting  of  Pro Protestants  testants Protestants  was  held  in  the  Toxteth  Hall,  Mill-street,  for  the  purpose  of  proving  that  Dr.  Cahill  has  surrendered,  and  also  that  the  Rev.  Fathers  Noble  and  Power  were  brought  to  the  test,  and  found  wanting.  Mr.  Winkup  oc occupied  cupied occupied  the  chair.  On  the  platform  were  Messrs.  Eaton,  Pickering,  Saltee,  Ashcroft,  and  Page.  The  hall  was  crowded  to  excess.  The  chairman  opened  the  proceedings  with  a  few  remarks,  and  then  called  upon  Mr.  Eaton.  Mr.  Eaton  said  it  was  an  old  saying,  and  a  true  one,  that  those  who  live  in  glass  houses  should  not  throw  stones  ;  that  the  pot  should  not  call  the  kettle  black.  They  had  been  told  that  their  champions  had  proved  to  be  unfaithful  ;  that  in  fact  they  have  been  tried,  and  the  parsons,  as  they  called  them,  had  been  tested  and  found  wanting  ;  that,  in  fact,  Dr.  M‘Neile,  the  honourable  champion  of  Protestantism,  had  surrendered.  Who  was  it  that  had  made  those  charges  ?  What  cause  had  they  themselves  to  boast  of  ?  He  next  re referred  ferred referred  to  the  various  challenges  which  the  Romish  priests,  from  Dr.  Cahill  downwards,  had  refused  in  Liverpool,  and  said  that  the  recent  meeting  held  in  the  Concert  Hall,  at  which  it  was  stated  that  Dr.  M'Neile  had  refused  a  challenge  given  to  him,  was  a  dodge  to  raise  money.  Several  other  speakers  addressed  the  meeting  in  a  similar  strain,  and  the  proceedings  were  concluded  with  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman.  COURT  OF  BANKRUPTCE-YESTERDAY.  BEFORE  MR.  CONMISSIONER  PERRY.  In  Re  Peverelle.  The  meeting  was  for  audit  and  examination  of  witnesses.  Mr.  Louis  Peverelle,  uncle  of  the  bankrupt,  was  again  examined  touching  the  period  at  which  he  had  increased  his  claim  from  1001.  to  4121..  He  persevered  in  his  former  statements,  namely,  that  he  had  increased  the  claim  on  the  receipt  of  Mr.  ,Cazenove's  (the  official  assignee)  communi communication.  cation. communication.  Reference  was  also  made  to  the  witness's  dealings  with  the  bankrupt,  in  regard  to  the  latter's  shop  in  Bristol.  Mr.  MARTIN,  who  appeared  for  the  bankrupt,  said  that  he  occupied  the  shop  in  Bristol  only  two  months,  when  he  sent  for  his  uncle,  the  witness,  who  had  invoiced  to  him  goods  to  the  ,  amount  of  1501.  These  and  the  goods  which  had  been  received  from  other  parties,  were  nearly  all  unpacked,  and  the  uncle  finding  that  the  bankrupt  was  on  the  whole  only  about  451.  short,  it  was  agreed  between  them  that  the  witness  should  take  all  the  goods  and  pay  the  cre creditors  ditors creditors  in  full.  Mr.  KNIGHT,  who  appeared  for  Mr.  Louis  Peverelle,  observed  that  he  did  not  quite  agree  with  the  statement.  All  the  goods  were  certainly  sent  to  Mr.  L.  Peverelle  ;  but  it  was  on  the  undertaking  that  he  would  pay  the  creditors  12s.  in  the  pound,  he  himself  having,  at  the  time,  advanced  goods  to  the  amount  of  150/.  However,  this  matter  would  be  fully  made  clear  when  that  part  of  the  case  was  enter entertained.  tained. entertained.  •  _  _  Air.  J.  YATES  ?  jun.,  appeared  for  the  assignees;  and  the  case  was  further  adjourned."
