text
"RUSSIA  Advices  from  Odessa  state,  that  the  head-quarters  of  the  sth  corps  of  Infantry,  under  General  Liiders,  are  to  be  removed  froth  Odessa  to  Ismail.  The  13th  division  of  Infantry  has  been  shipped  off  from  Sebastopol,  and  landed  on  the  coast  be between  tween between  Tuchan  Kale  and  Redif  Kale.  Steamers  with  troops  have  been  sent  up  the  river  Anakeon.  Mailer's  Infantry  division  has  left  Odessa  to  take  the  place  of  the  13th  division  in  the  Crimea.  Beyond  the  fact  that  the  Turks  had  entered  Wal Wallachia,  lachia, Wallachia,  and  for  a  certain  period  encountered  no  effective  opposition,  nothing  more  is  known  re regarding  garding regarding  the  movements  of  the  two  armies  in  Wal-  lachia.  - STYLE=superscript  In  Asia,  however,  we  have  intelligence  of  an  engagement  on  a  large  scale,  in  which  the  Turks  - STYLE=superscript  were  victorious.  If  is  conveyed  in  a  letter  dated  Constantinople,  26th  ult.,  which  At  two  o'clock,  yesterday,  the  Esseui  Djedid,  a  Turkish  war  steamer,  arrived  here  direct  from  Batum;  bringing  news  of  the  commencement  of  hostilities,  and  of  an  engagement  in  which  the  Turks  had  been  THE  NORTHERt  short.  In  place  of  the  23d  . STYLE=superscript  of  October  it  is  to  the  30th  that  the  opening  of  the  campaign  has  been  postponed.  I  do  not  know  what  is  expected  to  arrive  during  that  time,  but  something  must  necessarily  be  expected,  since  the  date  fixed  by  the  Turks  is  .the  one  proposed  by  England  and  France.  It  must  be  concluded  that  these  two  Powers  ex=  pect  within  that  time  some  important  answer,  or  the  conclu conclusion  sion conclusion  of  some  negociation  which  is  unknown  to  me.  Austria,  wh  - STYLE=superscript  o  has  expressed  her  regret  that  all  her  efforts  to  arrive  at  a  reconciliation  should  have  failed,  has  intimated  to  the  Porte  that  in  any  case  she  will  observe  a  strict  neu neutrality.  trality. neutrality.  She  yesterday  officially  took  the  Russians  remain remaining  ing remaining  here  under  her  protection.  Almost  all  commercial  men  have  left.  The  others,  that  is  to  say,  the  functionaries  of  the  consulate,  the  post-office,  &amp;c.,  took  their  passage  yester=  day  by  the  Germania,  a  steamer  belonging  to  the  Austrian  Lloyd's,  which  they  freighted  for  Odessa.  At  the  moment  of  my  return  into  town  I  am  informed  that  the  answer  of  Russia  to  the  declaration  of  war  has  ar arrived,  rived, arrived,  and  that,  as  was  to  be  expected,  it  terminates  by  an  appeal  to  arms.  But  I  have  no  means  of  verifying  this"
