text
"'`''.....  •&#34;&#34;-'l'.  AND  REV.  BAPTIST  .NOEL  IN'  LIVERPOOL.  N  TE  11,.,,,&#34;1'  RELIGION  ,ON  THE  CONTINENT.  -  Olt  A  i,p  ,P STYLE=superscript  G  IN  GREAT  GEORGE'S  -  STREET  .ti  LAST  NIGHT.  religiPollblio  meeting  of  those  interested  in  the  diffusion  of  the  0,  t STYLE=superscript  hroughout  th  e  cont  i  nent,  an  d  o  f  t  h  e  supporters  o  f  Georg  ,angelical  Continental  Society,  was  held  in  Great  Th  e  X  a  - STYLE=superscript  street  Ch  apel,  at  half-past  six  o'clock,  last  evening.  Piatf  or  Pe'  was  ver  well  filled,  Amongst  those  upon.  the  Wh  o  a‘`  aa  W STYLE=superscript  ere  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  Baptist  W.  Noel,  11.  A.,  th  e  t STYLE=superscript  erided  for  the  purpose  of  laying  before  the  meeting  the  7sult  .  of  his  observations  upon  the  state  of  religion  upon  lie,7atinent  during  a  recent  tour  ;  Rev.  Dr.  Raffles,  Rev.w  .  It,:  Welsh.  Rev.  Dr.  Crichton,  Rev,  C.  M.  Birrell,  Oeo  r  ,  T  .,.-r•  Applefield,  D.  B.  Joseph,  Rev.  J.  Dawson,  Rev.  t  ,''':  liughes  Rev.  D.  Rees,  Rev.  W.  M.  Falloon,  and  Cro  n  ':  G STYLE=superscript  eorge  ' STYLE=superscript  T.  Duncan,  R.  A.  Macfie,  Josiah  Jones,  John  If;  f  r, STYLE=superscript  Jones,  Crossfield,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  e STYLE=superscript  ell STYLE=superscript  ai  JOI  N  C  The  r  Was  taken  by  ROPPER,  Esq.  tleli„  Proceedings  were  opened  with  a  prayer,  which  was  Th  e  by  the  R  ev  .  J.  R.  W  e  l  s  h.  keret:  '  44 STYLE=superscript  aßxkl  , STYLE=superscript  r  rose,  and  said  that  the  report,  which  the  to  th  - STYLE=superscript  7q  would  read,  wiiuld  be  a  much  better  introduction  Ite  heir  proce  e  di  ngs  t  h  an  any  observations  lie  could  make  lit  t  i  f  ,  e STYLE=superscript  ld  not  help,  however,  expressing  his  regret  that  so  those;;::  h  e  a  r  been  done  in  Liverpool  for  the  spread  of  the  I):'  throughout  the  continent.  He  had  heard  that  within  n  alt STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  even  years  only  £5OO  had  been  collected  for  that  Mo  re  in  Liverpool.  He  hoped,  however,  better  days  lect  i  e STYLE=superscript  and  that  large  subscriptions  would  be  col col-44  -44 col-44  for  funds  were  the  only  thing  wanted  on  the  conti conti(liea'uaccomplish  (liea'uaccomplish conti(liea'uaccomplish  the  work  on  which  they  were  engaged.  Thr,  hear.)tle.%Rev.  Mr,  Brunwr.v,  then  read  the  annual  report.  It  r,eP  the  proceedings  of  the  society  for  the  past  year,  and  f  tVe  Gospel  that  the  subscriptions  in  aid  of  the  propagation  o  the  on  the  continent  were  not  more  considerable  than  i  r  were,  .  It;  ,  10 STYLE=superscript  1  , STYLE=superscript  TP.s  moved  the  adoption  of  the  report.  4 STYLE=superscript  op  t  a''  katossFißLD  seconded  the  motion,  and,  in  doing  so,  ti  4  0,4  that  Liverpool  would,  at  length,  exert  itself  in  a  fit fit-I\l4anner  -I\l4anner fit-I\l4anner  in  this  important  work.  ii  a  's  Motion  was  unanimously  adopted.  4 STYLE=superscript  4(1  e STYLE=superscript  lion.  and  Rev.  BAPTIST  NOEL  then  came  forward,  th STYLE=superscript  at  it'  warmly  applauded.  He  commenced  by  observing  kr  u  lt STYLE=superscript  gave  him  great  pleasure  to  endeavour  to  give  them  illte,.  r STYLE=superscript  ,  e STYLE=superscript  asons  that  evening,  why  they  should  take  a  proper  tit  r STYLE=superscript  '&#34;  In  the  efforts  of  their  Christian  friends  on  the  Con Conell,.  ell,. Conell,.  .  .  Con-  Why  a  especially  in  France,  and  he  hoped  additional  reasons  kr  t  ;uey  should  feel  a  satisfaction  in  favouring  the  libe libeqtal,  qtal, libeqtal,  ,laich  they  could  Evangeln  that  subject,  through  the  iloti  l  lr'  of  the  Continental  gical  Society.  There  was  1 STYLE=superscript  4,.  ti STYLE=superscript  g  to  hinder  the  Evangelical  Continental  Society  aid aidthey  they aidthey  cause,  in  any  country  on  the  Continent  of  which  Nit  good  proof  that  it  was  in  all  respects  commendable;  i.llitherto  tries  had  confined  their  attention  to  French Frenchbi4g  bi4g Frenchbi4g  cou,  which  offered  a  wider  field  for  exertion  t0  4  ,  - STYLE=superscript  ne  society  could  cultivate.  The  hon  and  rev.  gentle gentletheni  theni gentletheni STYLE=superscript  proceeded  to  say,  that  time  would  not  permit  him  h  v  er  to  those  countries  that  evening,  unless  in  a  general  deg,'  I STYLE=superscript  le  should  pass  over  the  work  of  which  they  had  fr.  s  .  d,,  which  had  been  accomplished  through  the  efforts  of  a  but  men,  with  the  blessing  of  God,  in  Belgium,  and  ollt  of STYLE=superscript  the  progress'  of  the  evangelical  church  in  Piedmont,  Whi:ould  confine  his  attention  that  evening  to  France,  11r  1s  . STYLE=superscript  r  was  a  country  which  demanded  from  them  the  most  4 STYLE=superscript  /  1  ~4  4, STYLE=superscript  it  sympathy.  If  they  measured  the  importance  of  Ntlree  b  y  the  number  of  .  souls  in  it  to  be  saved,  they  414,  tot  overlook  a  country  like  France,  which  had,.  pro protkilt‘)  tkilt‘) protkilt‘) STYLE=superscript  more  than  thirty-seven  millions  of  flhabi flhabil'art,,,  l'art,,, flhabil'art,,,  It  wa  s  even  nearer  to  them  than  Ireland,  which  was  , STYLE=superscript  l  l  . STYLE=superscript  „themselves,  and  in  addition  to  this  and  its  vast  I  ,`'  Non,  its  position  in  Europe  gave  it  a  still  higher  claim  pa  t  ;  attention  and  regard.  Under  all  its  misfortunes,  qflu  e  e STYLE=superscript  tontinued  to  be  a  first-rate  power,  and  exercised  an  1  4 STYLE=superscript  1(1  vp  lee  second  only  to  our  own,  throughout  the  world;  uoth  kger,eveithey  looked  they  saw  proofs  of  this  influence,  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  tl  l  ,  l STYLE=superscript  '  as  diplomacy  and  arms.  If  they  took  an  interest  Nat  f  - STYLE=superscript  O  r STYLE=superscript  ogress  of  the  church  in  China,  they  should  recollect  44 STYLE=superscript  tit  a  T  e STYLE=superscript  pleasure  of  religious  freedom  that  had  been  obtained  Rae  country,.  was  not  the  result  of  our  diplomacy,  but  the  Protestants  through  the  French  ambassador,  who  gave  to  il  l  tilurotestants  the  first  right  they  had  to  preach  the  gospel  beaft  consular  cities  of  that  empire.  If  the  great  be  art  he  north  was  to  be  arrested  —by  whom  was  he  to  trr  ias  e STYLE=superscript  :ltd  ?  Not,  they  might  .  be  sure,  by  the  desperate  At  th  ch. STYLE=superscript  the  Turk,  but  by  the  union  of  England  with  France.  ter,,  ,  e STYLE=superscript  1  3, STYLE=superscript  ?pe  were  on  his  throne  this  day,  instead  of  being  a  Nip  s  In  the  Neapolitan  territory,  who  was  it  who  brough  th  e  ..,-,uaek  in  triumph  and  kept  him  in  his  seat,  other  than  tisizr  rench  bayonets  ?  And  if  they  saw  splendid  buildings  4  4  ,f  1 STYLE=superscript  g  up  for  catho:ic  worship  in  this  country,  they  would  not  cont STYLE=superscript  ributions  them.  the  result,  though  there  were  exceptions,  of  ° STYLE=superscript  f  the  of  Catholic  nobles  devoted  to  their  religion,  nor  t  _th  Catholic  poor  here,  but  they  would  find  that  they  were  t  ,,':  result  of  the  aid  denied  from  ,  their  Catholic  brethren  oft  duty  eount,iimehnt,  .particularly  the  interest  of  this  e STYLE=superscript  spe  r STYLE=superscript  ei  a STYLE=superscript  auy  t STYLE=superscript  that  e STYLE=superscript  in STYLE=superscript  p  of  it  which  was  concerned  in  vaneement 'ttlealdvaneement'  of  the  kingdom  of  our  Redeemer,  to  turn  their  attention  to  this  great  neighbouring  nation,  to  endeavour,  if  ossible,  to  reclaim  them  to  the  true  faith.  In  asking  their  Tt  t  ention  to,  and  efforts  for,  France,  he  did  not  limit  his  apes,  nor  did  he  wish  that  hi  s  au  di  ence  should  l  i  m  i  t  the  i  rs,  ‘11  44 STYLE=superscript  gathering  of  a  few  thousands  of  that  people  to  the  Po  t  edge  of  our  Saviour,  but  rather  of  the  whole  nation.  F  41 STYLE=superscript  a  part  he  was  far  from  despairing  of  this  •  but  if  r  at  ,„  for  '  L  e  were  to  be  improved,  it  could  not  be  by  Englishmen  ;  pins  t STYLE=superscript  he  prejudice  against  them,  and  the  impossibility  of  01  insring  a  correct  pronunciation  of  the  language  would  be  b  e  enPerable  bar  to  their  success.  If  this,  then,  were  to  h  e  Zle  at  all  it  should  be  done  by  Frenchmen  .  ,  and  therefore  kr  t  b  q STYLE=superscript  not  ask  them  to  send  English  evangelists  to  France,  h  ere  was  beyond  their  province,  but  to  help  their  brethren  If  -  who  deserved  the  highest  esteem  and  regard,  to  do  it.  Ar  o  rY  persons  could  improve  France  it  was  the  French  tha:,  st STYLE=superscript  ants  themselves,  who  after  all  the  persecutions,  greater  Ni  l  the  church  had  suffered,  which  they  had  undergone,  pate  nlbered  a  million  and  a  half.  And  because  it  was  the  the  Of  Protestantism  to  make  men  self-reliant,  and  to  'lle  t.,  the  best  use  of  their  position  and  circumstances,  tli  '  e STYLE=superscript  noh  Protestants  were  in  a  great  measure  prosperous  find  were  the  best  men  of  business  in  the  land,  fa  'it  /It  e  did  not  hesitate  to  state  that  there  was  su  -  ~  4 STYLE=superscript  ‘.  ,wealth  among  the  members  of  that  communion  ,  s  4  4 STYLE=superscript  and  Lyons  alone  to  accomplish  the  work  of  which  rr  kil  a STYLE=superscript  s  speaking.  The  million  and  a  half  of  Protestants  in  t  5 STYLE=superscript  ll  -ee STYLE=superscript  l,however  were  not  well  adapted  to  do  this  work  for  k  r  i,  '...here  were  ' STYLE=superscript  above  twenty-five  thousand  Protestants  in  t STYLE=superscript  ,qi  p  .  i  '  and  yet  they  did  next  to  nothing  for  the  cause  of  to  - STYLE=superscript  4  '  4 STYLE=superscript  .  They,  and  with  them  the  Protestants  of  Lyons,  l  'ath  . STYLE=superscript  convert  d  a  single  Catholic,—and  why  ?  Because  the  )  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  e4L'  i STYLE=superscript  jo  mind  e STYLE=superscript  was  unapproachable  ?  He  did  not  think  so,  :1,647e  facts  disproved  it,  but  the  Protestants  there  .  w  .  ere  41  4  ;aed  for  it.  They  were  never  converted  to  catholicism  .  4 STYLE=superscript  4  - STYLE=superscript  `,',elves  ;  but  one  might  hate  catholicism,  and  yet  not  dee  m  he  truth  to  which  it  was  opposed.  A  man  might  con con-4e  -4e con-4e STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  hei  h  ',  confessional,  but  while  he  hated  priestly  absolution  ,o(  k  rght  not  humbly  and  sincerely  confess  his  own  sins  to  °llt  They  might  scorn  the  idea  of  baptismal  regeneration,  or  jet  they  might  never  seek  the  regeneration  of  the  heart  It  ;  v  4 STYLE=superscript  4  change  of  nature  by  the  truth  and  spirit  of  God.  lAo  as STYLE=superscript  ,,Yery  possible  for  them  to  look  with  contempt  41 STYLE=superscript  tl STYLE=superscript  '°.e  catholic  motive  of  a  man  being  confirmed  '4  gracel,  by  a  priest  of  a  superior  order  rubbing  oil  t STYLE=superscript  llr  oh  ,  but  they  might  never  seek  sanctification  'N  P  the  working  of  - STYLE=superscript  God's  grace.  It  was  very  pos posk1:1841r  k1:1841r posk1:1841r  them  to  show  the  absurdity  .  in  priests  making  thou-  Lairi  .  :f  Christs,  and  yet  they  might  never  seek  to  have  ;  4 STYLE=superscript  1th,,in  their  own  hearts.  It  was  very  possible  that  they  ',,°,  1,  - STYLE=superscript  feok  with  scorn  on  the  idea  of  their  being  prepared  ° STYLE=superscript  d  gulch STYLE=superscript  glory  by  the  priest  touching  their  noses  or  eyes  with  'lltl  l  - STYLE=superscript  .  l STYLE=superscript  'ae  last  hour,  and  yet  never  have  peace  in  God  through  tied,  Jesus.  It  was  possible  for  them  to  see  all  that  was  as  well  as  absurd  in  the  doctrine  of  purgatory,  and  tlie  ver  (~.  b  0  prepare  ior  heaven  or  fear  hell.  (Applause.)  Nega-  N  i  r  e  tesantis  a  m  hd  wa  sh  s  ch  not  calculated  to  work  upon  the  was  the  character  of  that  in  °;lkke.  mind,lt STYLE=superscript  was  not  the  Protestant,  therefore,  of  France,  it  t  %  r  ;  1 STYLE=superscript  1  . STYLE=superscript  4  -  the  were  unconverted  men,  who  could  do  it,  but  ah  t„  11 STYLE=superscript  0  e  Y STYLE=superscript  who  were  Christian  men—who  were  brought  to  \  ,  - STYLE=superscript  '  1 STYLE=superscript  h  - STYLE=superscript  ,,qu  were  made  to  love  him  by  the  force  of  truth  acting  ,'ailtf  h  '''''  consciences  and  hearts.  These  were  the  men  e  - STYLE=superscript  q  in  France,  and  many  such,  he  was  happy  to  say,  istifo,.  there;  and  it  was  their  labours  and  their  V°  ;  „ih  the  cause  which  it  was  his  duty  to  lay  j;°  - STYLE=superscript  i  .i,n.  meeting  that  evening.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  `r  \v STYLE=superscript  i,:  4 STYLE=superscript  :  ord  had  been  distributed  by  the  British  and  bl  e STYLE=superscript  ee,Rible  Society  throughout  France  by  the  sale  of  1  ,7  V  e STYLE=superscript  niefly  though  not  exclusively,  among  the  Catholics,  b  tbl  -  11111 STYLE=superscript  11b4  of  two  millions.  The  value  of  the  sale  of  ,  h STYLE=superscript  ere  w  ets  not  to  be  estimated  as  it  would  be  here,  where  .  (,„  n  umb  so  many,  and  therefore  they  were  not  appreciated  t  '  b  ttr  xuers  of  careless  people,  who  got  them  as  a  matter  of  h  '  e STYLE=superscript  til  6e STYLE=superscript  'h  ail STYLE=superscript  d  never  perhaps,  read  them.  But  when  he  told  g  Pa  t STYLE=superscript  n  -at STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  gent  l  emanthe  Church  in  Belgium,  told  him  that  there  were  4 STYLE=superscript  44  of,,atholic  families  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Charleroi,  ~1  111c STYLE=superscript  le  . STYLE=superscript  o  ,  t STYLE=superscript  hese  8,000  only  one  possessed  a  bible.  They  would  c STYLE=superscript  aus  e  that  when  bibles  were  sold  there,  it  must  be  be beil4,(l  il4,(l beil4,(l  riePeonle  were  exceedingly  curious  about  them.  They  .  t  tle  h  .v STYLE=superscript  n  e STYLE=superscript  f  seen  the  bible—had  heard  a  little  of  it,  and  that  1- STYLE=superscript  jot  -(`  been  only  misrepresentation  ;  and  when  they  got  t STYLE=superscript  '  i STYLE=superscript  llio  n.  ° STYLE=superscript  e  t STYLE=superscript  o  h STYLE=superscript  eir  hands  they  .  read  it  with  great  .  interest.  Two  1  )  ,  r STYLE=superscript  anee  Pies  of  the  scriptures  then,  distributed  by  sale  in  :en  d  'lade  a  good  foundation  in  that  country.  God  had  ~,,'ita4;e  as STYLE=superscript  ed  within  late  years  to  raise  up  there  some  living  ;‘  11 STYLE=superscript  11pl  i  of  his  truth.  First  had  been  the  good  work  ae aehht,,auces.uedfrth,rough  hht,,auces.uedfrth,rough aehht,,auces.uedfrth,rough  his  grace,  by  the  established  church  in  l  a  ''  th  e  le  had  not  seen  much  of  the  Lutheran  Church,  I;  t STYLE=superscript  dely.  refore  should  not  speak  of  it  ;  but  he  had  been  e,krortaPermitted  to  visit  some  parts  where  the  Protestant  f  °4l STYLE=superscript  ltr  ed STYLE=superscript  Church  had  been  materially  improved,  in  that  ,:,..  ,v.  t.q  that  Perhaps  all  present  were  not  acquainted  with  th  .  e  ll  '  f,  r  ille  `  e  `a  f  there  was  a  Protestant  Established  Church  in  head  P,'llb!  not,  he  would  tell  them  what  the  wisdom  of  their  tali  Ours  across  the  channel  who  boasted  ito  be  at  the  of  invention,  ,  ...  'she,  had  devised.  They  had,  of  course,  es esksthoii,„'  ksthoii,„' esksthoii,„'  a  Catholic  Church,  but,  while  they  had  40,000  b),j  l STYLE=superscript  r  t  7  es  P  t  rLests  to  execrate  Protestants,  they  had  e  .  stablished  ,  ile  th  e  4at STYLE=superscript  church  to  execrate  the  Catholics  ;  and  t  i,  ,iewY  e STYLE=superscript  stablished  Protestants  and  Catholics  to  condemn  i'  e  e  Ch  ris  they  established  the  Jewish  Rabbins  to  condemn  11  w STYLE=superscript  s,  /..,  i STYLE=superscript  nns.  They  had  therefore  four  established  churches,  il,:ott,,talittherans,  Protestants,  and  Catholics.  Now,  the  4, STYLE=superscript  0  4  1 STYLE=superscript  '  church  was  that  of  which  he  should  speak.  The  r STYLE=superscript  ev.  gentleman  then  entered  into  a  detail  of  hie  nessed  there.  They  entered  the  church,  he  observed,  not  to  pray  .  or  worship,  but  to  kis§  a  filthy  image  ditty  and  odious  in  its  artistic  composition:-=-Of  At,  Rocque,  and  still  more  detestable  figure  which  they  called  the  Mother  of  God.  While  on  this  topic  he  mentioned  as  an  episode  an  occurrence  which  had  taken  place  in  Funchal,  in  Spain.  There  a  Madame  Alevarez  (as  we  took  it)  was  thrown  into  prison  charged  with  various  crimes  because  she  had  become  a  Protestant  and  - STYLE=superscript  read  the  Bible,  and  because  she  did  not  adore  the  Blessed  Mary.  When  brought  before  the  judge,  who  was  a  very  stern  '  man,  he  said  Prisoner,  let  me  warn  you  your  life  is  in  danger,  and  that  it  entirely  depends  on  the  answer  you  will  give  to  the  question  I  will  put  to  you.  Do  you  believe  that  the  Virgin  Mary  is  the  Mother  of  God  or  do  you  not  ?  Do  you  adore  her  or  not  ?  The  prisoner  answered,  I  believe  that  Mary  is  the  mother  of  my  Lord  arid  Saviour  Jesus  Christ,  but  as  God  he  had  no  mother,  for  he  was  from  eternity.  She  was,  therefore,  the  mother  of  his  human  nature,  and  I  adore  God  Then  she  is  .  guilty  of  blasphemy  and  con condemned  demned condemned  to  cried  the  judge  '  and  forthwith  she  was  thrown  into  prison,  and  only  saved  from  death  by  a  quibble,  for  the  supreme  Court  of  Lisbon  held  that  if  she  had  been  brought  in  guilty  on  the  three  counts  in  the  charge,  she  should  have  suffered  the  penalty  due  to  her  crime.  It  was  truly  refreshing,  then,  to  turn  from  such  scenes,  to  Worship  with  the  congregation  of  reclaimed  Ca Catholics,  tholics, Catholics,  who  knew  the  value  of  the  Bible  and  read  it  for  their  soul's  wealth  ;  and  it  was  his  fortune  to  worship  with  such  congregations  in  Angouleme  and  other  places.  All  these  congregations  were  formed  upon  the  principle  of  indepen independency,  dency, independency,  and  though  they  were  at  liberty  to  join  the  state  if  they  pleased,  yet  they  were  too  well  instructed  in  the  princi principles  ples principles  of  Church  organisation  to  have  very  little  disposition  to  do  so  ;  and  of  this  a  notable  proof  had  been  lately  given.  The  hon.  and  rev.  gentleman  then  detailed  how  twelve  schools,  including  .  those  of  Limome,  had  been  suspended,  though  excellent  in  every  respect,'  because  it  was  alleged  that  they  were  conducted  by  assisting  pastors,  and  how  their  heads,  when  guaranteed  by  the  State  that  they  should  be  no  longer  persecuted  if  they  joined  the  establishment,  one  and  all  declined  the  offer,  and  resolved  to  remain  inde independent.  pendent. independent.  This  was  the  work  which  he  wished  them  to  en encourage,  courage, encourage,  not  merely  as  men  who  wished  to  see  God's  cause  prosper  anywhere,  but  as  men  who  delighted  to  see  the  combined  effects  of  a  right  scriptural  organisation  with  the  blessing  of  God  to  flow  from  the  gospel  in  France.  He  would  mention  a  few  facts  connected  with  the  society  of  Lyons,  which  was  formed  on  the  same  principle  and  had  been  productive  of  very  considerable  results.  As  he  had  said  before,  there  were  7000  old  Protestants  there,  and  they  had  but  one  small  church  built  to  contain  about  450  persons.  They  had  no  week  day  service---no  missionary  exertion---and  no  machi machinery  nery machinery  for  the  distribution  of  the  Bible.  They  never  received  a  single  Catholic  convert  into  their  communion,  and  in  fact  he  believed  they  neither  sought  nor  wished  it  ;  for  as  a  com commercial  mercial commercial  people  they  feared  that  proselytism  would  disturb  their  trade.  But  since  the  new  congregations,  which  were  composed  of  Baptists,  Independents,  Presbyterians,  and  print'  cipaily  reformed  Catholics,  - STYLE=superscript  had  started  up,  there  had  been  3  singular,  undeniable  blessing  resting  upon  their  exertions.  In  these  congregations  the  poor  worked  zealously  and  ar arduously  duously arduously  for  the  faith,  and  while  the  7000  old  Protestants  had  not  brought  a  single  Catholic  to  God  and  the  truth,  these  poor  people,  most  of  the  labouring  classes  themselves,  had  nearly  converted  2,000  Catholics  to  their  faith.  They  collected  for  this  purpose  £5OO  a  year,  but  when  £2,500  was  required,  he  need  not  tell  them  that  they  naturally  looked  to  Protestant  Great  Britain  for  sup support.  port. support.  The  hon.  and  rev.  gentleman  then  pointed  out  the  claims  which  those  congregations  hand  on  this  country  for  support,  and  urged  that  this  was  one  of  the  best—the  sup support  port support  of  brethren  seeking  the  faith  through  sorrow  and  dffi dfficulties—by  culties—by dfficulties—by  which  our  Saviour  promised  to  recognise  his  disciples  on  the  great  day  of  judgment.  (Applause.)  Rev.  Dr.  RAFFLES  proposed  the  second  resolution,  to  the  effect  that  the  so.liety  now  resolve  itself  into  an  auxiliary  of  the  Evangelical  Continental  Society  of  London,  and  that  a  committee  and  office-bearers  be  named  for  the  next  year.  In  proposing  the  resolution  the  Rev.  Dr.  Raffles  coupled  with  it  a  vote  of  thanks  for  the  deep  debt  of  obligation  which  they  were  under  to  the  Rev.  Mr.  Noel,  who  had  come,  at  great  expense  of  time  and  labour,  to  deliver  that  interesting  lecture.  (Loud  applause.  The  Rev.  Mr.  CRICIITO  V  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  amid  enthusiastic  applause.  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  INAUGURATION  OF  THE  BURY  ATITEN.EUM.  LORD  STANLEY,  M.P.,  AT  BURY.  The  inauguration  of  the  Bury  Athenaaum  took  place  on  Monday  night,  when  a  tea  party  and  s  , STYLE=superscript  iiree  were  held  in  the  large  lecture-room  of  the  new  institution,  which  is  a  hand handsome,  some, handsome,  commodious,  and  substantial  building,  situated  in  the  centre  of  the  town,  and  from  which  may  be  had  an  excellent  view  of  the  monument  recently  erected  to  the  memory  of  the  late  Sir  Robert  Peel.  There  was  a  very  numerous  audience  of  ladies  and  gentlemen,  but  the  number  of  operatives  pre present  sent present  was  not  by  any  means  equa  l STYLE=superscript  to STYLE=superscript  that STYLE=superscript  which STYLE=superscript  might  have  been  ood  .  A  e  xpeinctoend;mt  dthtehgereentbleemenennooisitrtihkees  platformin  the  n  w  e  e  ig  n  h  o  b  t  o  ic  u  e  r  d  -  Lord  STANLEY'  M.P.,  (in  the  chair),  the  Right  Rev.  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Manchester  ,  E.  Grundy,  Esq.,  of  the  Wylde,  Bury  ;  the  Rev.  Charles  Rickham,  the  Rev.  the  Rector  of  Bury  •  the  Rev.  Mr.  Morbum,  J.  Chetham,  Esq.,  M.P.,  J.  Le  Gendre  Starkie,  Esq.,  M.P.,  Richard  Hort,  Esq.,  of  Reed  Hall  ;  J.  Robinson  Kay,  Esq.,  0.  0.  Walker,  Esq.,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Vaughan,  of  Manchester;  John  Smith,  Esq.,  of  Liverpool,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  There  was  an  excellent  choir  pre present,  sent, present,  which,  during  the  evening,  performed  in  fine  style  several  pieces  of  music.  After  tea,  EDMUND  GRUNDY,  Esq.,  of  the  Wylde,  intro introduced  duced introduced  Lord  STANLEY  to  the  meeting  ,  amidst  loud  applause.  He  stated  that  the  late  Earl  of  Derby  gave  the  site  of  the  institution,  that  the  present  Earl  of  Derby  became  the  patron  of  the  institution,  laid  the  corner  stone  of  the  build building,  ing, building,  and  in  addition  to  that  his  late  father  gave  £lOO  towards  the  funds.  (Loud  cheers.)  Lord  STANLEY,  on  rising  to  address  the  meeting,  was  received  with  loud  cheers.  When  they  had  subsided,  he  said—He  thanked  them  heartily  for  their  welcome,  and  the  first  words  he  should  use  would  be  to  express  the  high  grati gratification  fication gratification  which  he  felt  in  addressing,  for  the  first  time,  face  to  face,  the  inhabitants  of  the  town  of  Bury,  between  which  and  himself  there  existed  an  old  hereditary  connection.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  rejoiced  to  see  that,  notwithstanding  the  season  of  the  year,  and  notwithstanding  the  state  of  the  weather,  which  certainly  made  their  own  fireside  particularly  comfortable,  they  had  assembled  in  that  room  so  large  and  influential  a  meeting.  And  he  rejoiced  the  more  because  they  were  not  assembled  there  for  any  purpose  of  political  conflict,  or  of  social  strife,  or  yet  for  mere  unmeaning  amuse amusement,  ment, amusement,  though  undoubtedly  pleasant  indeed  at  the  moment,  but  barren  in  results  so  far  as  benefits  were  concerned.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  were  met  together  that  evening  for  a  purpose,  the  highest  and  the  noblest  which  could  bring  toge together  ther together  the  citizens  of  a  free  state—(hear,  hear)—because  they  were  trying  to  do  what  in  them  lay  to  remove  from  them  the  reproach  under  which  they  so  justly  lay—the  reproach  of  ignorance.  (Hear.)  They  were  met  that  evening  to  accom accomplish  plish accomplish  a  work  which  he  hoped  and  trusted  would  be  for  the  benefit,  not  only  of  this  generation,  but  for  the  benefit  of  their  children  and  their  children's  children.  (Applause.)  He  had  spoken  of  this  as  being  an  educational  institution— institutionhe  he institutionhe  had  spoken  of  the  Bury  Athenaeum,  of  the  building  in  which  they  were  met,  the  opening  of  which  they  had  met  to  celebrate  and  inaugurate,  as  an  educational  institution,  and  he  believed  that  in  so  speaking  of  it  he  was  correct.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  believed  that  the  language  used  by  some  was  that  education,  properly  speaking,  was  what  belonged  to  the  season  of  youth.  He  did  not  think  so.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  held  that  for  him,  for  every  one  of  them,  education  was  a  thing  that  must  continue  to  the  very  end  of  their  existence.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  a  law  of  our  nature—our  minds  were  so  constituted  that  we  must  constantly  and  always  be  either  learning  something  or  forgetting  something.  (Hear.)  In  matters  of  instruction,  as  in  every  other,  there  was  no  stand standing  ing standing  still—we  must  go  onwards  or  backwards.  (Applause.)  And  not  only  was  that  the  case  as  affected  acquired  know knowledge,  ledge, knowledge,  but  there  were  pow-eta  of  the  tutaa  winch  could,  like  the  body,  be  only  kept  in  health  by  a  series  of  exertions,  and  those  exertions,  let  them  assume  what  form  they  might,  were  an  educational  process.  (Hear,  hear.)  Therefore,  he  said  that  that  building,  the  opening  of  which  they  had  met  to  celebrate,  was  strictly  an  educational  institution.  It  would  not  be  . STYLE=superscript  necessary  for  him  to  detain  them  long  as  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  under  which  the  Bury  Athenaeum  originated.  He  believed  that  for  15  or  16  years  an  institution,  intended  sub substantially  stantially substantially  for  the  same  educational  purposes  as  the  Athen Athenaeum—an  aeum—an Athenaeum—an  institute,  concerning  the  working  of  which  he  con confessed  fessed confessed  he  knew  very  little,  but  which  was  productive  of  very  great  results,  so  far  as  it  went  ;  but  it  was  felt  to  be  inade inadequate  quate inadequate  to,  and  insufficient  for,  the  wants  of  this  great  and  growing  population.  (Hear,  hear.)  About  5  years  ago,  he  thought  in  the  year  1848,  the  first  public  proposal  was  is issued  sued issued  for  the  establishment  of  the  present  institution.  Only  two  years  had  elapsed  from  the  time  of  that  proposal  being  issued,  when  sufficient  funds  had  been  collected  to  justify  the  promoters  of  the  institution  in  commencing  the  building  itself.  (Applause.)  In  1850  the  first  stone  was  laid,  and  now,  towards  the  close  of  1853,  they  were  met  to  celebrate  the  completion  of  the  building  then  undertaken.  (Applause.)  Five  years,  then,  only  elapsed  from  the  first  suggestion  of  the  building  to  its  final  completion.  (Hear.)  And  as  to  those  who  had  taken  an  active  part  in  its  origina origination,  tion, origination,  there  was  one  person  connected  with  it—for  referring  to  whom  he  might  probably  be  excused—  (applause)  and  he  would  venture  to  say  in  his  father's  name,  that  there  was  no  one  in  public  life,  let  him  belong  to  whatever  political  party  he  might,  who  was  more  warmly  or  more  sincerely  attached  to  the  great  question  of  the  age,  the  question  of  instruction  to  all  classes,  especially  to  the  raising  of  the  working-classes  in  the  social  scale,  than  was  his  father.  (Loud  applause.)  He  had  looked  through  the  subscription  lists  which  were  opened  at  the  time  when  this  undertaking  was  commenced,  and  he  must  say  that  he  thought  it  reflected  very  great  credit  upon  the  leading  inhabitants  of  the  town,  that  a  very  large  proportion  of  the  total  amount  required  had  been  contri contributed,  buted, contributed,  in  sums  comparatively  large,  by  the  principal  employ employers  ers employers  of  labour  there.  (Applause.)  He  would  not  .  go  into  details  which  would  be  inapplicable  there,  but  he  might  say  that  the  sum  of  £1,200  had  been  made  up  in  twelve  con contributions.  tributions. contributions.  (Loud  applause.)  And  little  less  than  one-half  of  that  sum  had  been  subscribed  in  sums  of  less  than  (Hear,  hear.)  He  thought  then,  they  had  here  a  gratifying  proof  that  the  institution  founded  for  the  benefit  of  all  classes  had  met  with  the  cordial  and  most  disinterested  ,sit  to  the  Protestant  churches  through  the  tanquedocia  n STYLE=superscript  istricts  of  the  south  and  west  of  France,  and  described  the  eeling  of  ardour  with  which,  in  each  of  the  towns  and  vil vilages  ages vilages  through  which  he  passed,  the  congregations  crowded  to  listen  to  the  preachers  and  to  worship  in  the  temples.  He  then  proceeded  to  detail  the  causes  which  had  led  to  the  growth  of  that  feeling  of  devotion  in  those  departments  of  France.  The  first  cause  had  been  the  coup  d'etat  of  the  present  emperor.  Before  that  time  the  Protestants  had  been  under  the  impression  that  a  brighter  day  Was  cotning  for  their  liberties,  and  they  were  becoming  more  and  more  con confirmed  firmed confirmed  in  that  belief,  especially  when  the  revolution  took  place,  by  which  the  Protestants  were  placed  upon  an  abso absolute  lute absolute  equality  with  the  Catholics.  But  when  the  coup  d'etat  occurred  theysoon  foundthat  all  power  was  placed  in  the  hands  of  the  priesthood,  and  they  perceived  how  the  present  ruler  of  France  was  disposed  to  lean  very  naturally  up  on  the  40,000  priests  of  France  ;  and  as  they  remembered  bitter  times  in  their  past  history  they  thought  the  same  were  coming  again,  and  that  they  would  be  exposed  again  to  affliction.  In  this  dejection  they  turned  from  politics  to  prayer.  Instead  of  holding  political  meetings  to  discuss  the  rights  and  the  privileges  of  Frenchmen,  they  met  to  ask  God's  blessing  and  protection  that  they  might  be  saved  from  the  fearful  sorrows  which  had  come  upon  their  fathers.  They  had  evangelical  alliance  meetings,  for  although  they  had  been  faithful  pastors  before  the  Wesleyan,  Independent,  and.  national  pastors,  yet  they  had  prejudices  against  one  another.  They  had  acted  faithfully  when  separate,  but  they  had  only  a  spurious  sort  of  brotherhood,  which  sometimes  prevailed  in  this  country  also,  which  had  led  people  to  I  admit  that  these  others  are  Christians,  and  therefore  of  course  they  must  be  my  brethren,  but  I  think  the  less  I  see  of  them,  the  better—the  less  I  come  into  contact  with  these  brethren  of  mine  is  somehow  or  other  the  better  for  But  when  the  evangelical  alliance  meetings  brought  all  the  pastors  together,  and  the  people  saw  that  they  had  the  same  prin principles,  ciples, principles,  and  loved  the  same  Saviour,  and  were  really  brethren,  their  hearts  were  melted  to  an  extraordinary  degree,  and  they  were  urged  to  very  much  supplication,  that  the  great  work  of  grace  might  be  done  in  that  neighbourhood.  Their  prayer-meetings  became  remarkable  for  their  fervency;  and  a  very  solid,  sensible  young  pastor,  told  him  that  a  prayer prayermeeting  meeting prayermeeting  at  which  he  presided  had  been  truly  remarkable.  There  for  three  hours  the  people  poured  out  their  suppli supplications  cations supplications  in  the  House  of  God,  with  an  earnestness  which  he  had  never  witnessed.  The  men,  the  women,  and  even  the  children,  felt  such  a  eonstrnint  upon  thoir  opirita,  that  they STYLE=superscript  poured  forth  their  prayers  aloud  before  each  other,  and  when  the  pastor  wished  to  terminate  the  meeting,  they  would  not  terminate,  they  seemed  at  if  prayer  had  become  more  than  necessary  to  them  ;  they  prayed  and  continued  to  pray  for  three  hours.  Their  prayers  were  poured  forth  with  no  mere  formal  worship,  no  stereotyped  expressions,  but  the  warm  feeling  of  their  inmost  souls.  Some  of  them  wept  for  joy  at  their  own  conversion  ;  some  were  weeping  with  concern  for  their  unconverted  relations  ;  some  with  the  anxious  hope  that  the  grace  of  God  might  yet  more  descend  upon  the  neighbourhood.  When  people  felt  God,  when  they  knew  that  he  was  Almighty,  were  sure  that  he  was  true  to  his  word,  and  went  to  the  throne  of  grace  to  ask  for  what  they  were  sure  he  would  give,  then  their  prayers  were  earnest  ;  and  until  then,  their  prayers  were  but  cold  and  formal.  When  martial  law  was  proscribed  by  the  emperor,  50  of  the  people  of  Montmeron  were  imprisoned  because  they  were  known  to  be  republicans.  They  were  serious,  well  con conducted  ducted conducted  men,  but  not  religious.  They  were  thrown  into  pri prison,  son, prison,  and  the  effect  of  this  produced  such  a  dejection  in  that  commune  and  all  the  neighbouring  communes,  that  they  were  driven  into  prayer,  and  from  that  hour  the  people  re renouncing  nouncing renouncing  all  political  agitations;  sought  the  blessing  and  the  help  of  God,  and  God  had  given  it  to  them.  God  had  blessed  the  national  church  in  that  place,  and  it  needed  it,  for  while  there  were  100  pastors  in  that  department  only  20  preached  the  Gospel,  and  the  others  were  not  only  cold,  but  were  totally  averse  to  it.  In  that  place  a  great  work  was  still  to  be  done,  but  it  was  not  likely  to  be  done  among  the  Catholics  by  the  revived  Established  Church.  The  enmity  between  the  Catholic  and  the  Protestant  classes  in  that  land  was  very  difficult  to  heal.  The  Protestants  had  the  memo memories,  ries, memories,  of  deep  and  long  continued  wrong.  The  story  of  their  sufferings  would  make  the  heart  bleed.  For  above  a  cen century,  tury, century,  they  were  exposed  to  every  injustice.  Nearly  half  the  kingdom  was  Protestant  when  Henri  IV.  came  to  the  throne,  and  for  nearly  90  years  they  enjoyed  the  effect  of  his  measure  of  liberality.  But  during  the  reign  of  Louis  XIV,  their  sufferings  were  fearful.  The  revocation  of  the  edict  of  Nantes  was  ;  followed  by  still  keener  persecutions  and  still  more  appalling  sufferings.  He  could  not  trust  himself  to  enter  upon  the  recital  of  their  sufferings.  it  touched  the  feelings  and  was  a  shame  to  human  nature  that  such  things  should  have  been  perpetrated.  At  length  when  hundred  of  thousands  had  been  driven  out  of  France,  and  hundreds  of  thousands  were  forced  to  abjure  their  religion,  then  a  few  peasants  in  the  very  neighbourhood  of  which  he  was  speaking,  were  driven  to  arms.  They  saw  that  the  lives  of  their  families,  their  wives,  and  their  children  were  all  the  prey  of  a  brutal  soldiery.  The  dr  agonn  de  which  Louis  the  XIV  instituted  among  them,  inflicted  a  series  of  atrocities  upon  them,  which  made  their  lives  intolerable.  A  young  lad,  a  baker's  boy,  displayed  the  talents  of  a  general  and  the  courage  of  a  hero,  and  headed  some  of  the  poor  peasantry  in  opposing  the  skilled  warriors  of  France,  met  their'  powerful,  well-organized  armies,  and  beat  them  back.  They  had  no  money,  no  re resourus,  sourus, resourus,  no  friends,  yet  they  triumphed,  and  taught  Catholic  France  to  respect  at  least  the  indomitable  energy  and  de determined  termined determined  courage  of  the  Protestants,which  they  never  knew  before,for  the  Protestants  had  borne  everything  until  it  be became  came became  a  proverb  in  France  to  speak  of  the  patience  of  a  Huguenot.  But  they  did  not  see  any  end  of  their  trials  until  Louis  XVI  at  last  secured  them  some  measure  of  their  rights.  All  this  he  regretted  to  say,  had  left  a  deep  feeling  of  hatred  among  the  Protestants  of  France.  There  was  a  hatred  amongst  many  of  the  Protestants  very  natural,but  very  un unchristian  christian unchristian  towards  the  catholics  ;  and  if  all  he  heard  were  true,  there  was  a  much  greater  hatred  towards  the  Protes Protestants  tants Protestants  amongst  the  Catholics.  But  besides  that  the  reformed  church  was  not  so  well  adapted  to  work  upon  the  Catholics  —first,  because  that  church  had  no  profession  of  faith,  they  had  nothing  like  the  thirty-nine  article  of  our  established  church  here,  there  was  nothing  which  marked  out  a  m  an  when  he  entered  that  church  as  a  disciple  of  Jesus  Christ.  Therefore  that  church  was  an  amalgamation  with  the  world,  not  a  society  separated  from  it.  Nor  had  they  the  power  of  choosing  their  own  pastors,  for  by  a  recent  law  promulgated  by  the  emperor,  that  choice  was  to  be  made  by  himself,  which  was  as  if  Nero  had  made  the  laws  which  were  to  govern  the  Christian  church  of  his  times,and  to  direct  what  pastors  were  to  be  chosen.  Besides  as  the  state  paid  the  salaries  of  that  church,  it  naturally  governed  the  pastors  whom  it  ap appointed,  pointed, appointed,  and  the  State  could  exercise  a  very  injurious  influ influence  ence influence  upon  any  church  which  was  seeking  for  reformation,  or  earnestly  addressing  itself  to  the  evangelisation  of  its  neigh neighbourhood.  bourhood. neighbourhood.  He  had  himself  asked  a  pastor  why  they  have  attempted  to  convert  a  Catholic  soul  ?  and  the  answer  was,  that  at  present  they  had  no  persecution,  but  if  they  endea endeavoured  voured endeavoured  to  commence  the  work  of  evange  li  sa  ti  on  among  t  h  e  Catholics,  they  would  be  stopped  at  once,  because,  as  long  as  they  paid  the  salaries  of  the  pastors  they  could  stop  them  ;  but  they  could  not  do  so  if  the  pastors  were  independent.  Therefore  that  church  was  not  well  adapted  to  act  upon  the  minds  of  Roman  Catholics.  One  good  work  which  was  being  done  was  the  holding  of  monthly  convocations  of  Wesleyan,  Independent,  and  national  pastors  to  promote  spirituality  in  that  district.  The  preachers  of  the  national  church  were  everywhere  well  received,  and  hence  that  church  could  do  great  work  among  the  Protestants  of  France,  many  of  whom  would  not  hear  dissenters,  and  this  ultimately  must  act  upon  the  Catholic  population.  But  the  Free  Church  was  a  still  more  important  lever  by  which  God  would  act  upon  their  minds.  The  Wesleyans  seemed  to  be  working  a  most  important  part.  They  were  likely,  in  the  course  of  a  few  years,  to  do  work  unmeasured  ;  greater  than  their  present  numerical  force  would  intimate.  They  formed  the  only  church  in  France  which  could  hold  up  to  the  Ca Catholic  tholic Catholic  population  of  that  country  what  a  church  really  wa.  The  Independent  dissenter.  boa  a  W  oiuren  in  which  every  meaner  made  a  personal  profession  of  faith,  and  came  into  that  church  as  a  man  born  again  deter determined  mined determined  to  live  for  God,  and  to  manifest  the  sin  •  cerity  of  his  profession  by  his  blameless  life.  The  members  of  that  church  looked  upon  each  other  as  brethren  all  travelling  in  the  same  way  and  all  good  soldiers  of  the  cross.  They  selected  the  pastors  of  their  church,  and,  of  course,  only  chose  those  who  neld  the  doctrines  which  they  themselves  loved.  There  was  nothing,  then,  to  hinder  that  church,  composed  of  pious  members  and  pious  pastors,  from  following  the  church  of  the  New  Testament,  and  making  Jesus  Christ  their  head  and  guide.  It  was  not  salaried  by  the  state,  but  self-supporting,  and  therefore  they  had  no  one  to  dictate  to  them,  and  were  at  liberty  to  follow  the  church  of  the  New  Testament.  They  were  inde independent  pendent independent  not  because  they  were  less  loyal,  less  subordinate  to  the  laws  of  their  country;  but  independent  because  they  would  allow  no  ecclesiastical  authority  between  them  an  d  their  Master,  because  they  would  not  admit  that  any  other  ecclesiastical  authority  than  that  which  governed  the  church  of  the  New  Testament  should  govern  them.  Self-supported  they  would  teach  their  Protestant  brethren  the  great  lesson  that  a  church  could  support  itself.  Now,  they  would  per perceive  ceive perceive  what  the  effect  .of  this  would  be  upon  the  Catholic  population.  The  national  pastors  could  not  speak  against  the  Catholic  establishment  of  40,000  priests,  because  they  were  themselves  established,  and  like  the  priests  were  main maintained  tained maintained  by  the  mercy  of  the  state.  But  the  experiment  of  a  self-supporting  church  had  been  found  successful  in  many  parts  of  France,  and  if  all  associations  of  Protestants  in  France  would  say  let  us  be  and  they  should  soon  see  the  40,000  coming  down  not  by  violence  or  ungodliness,  but  by  the  force  of  evangelisation.  The  rev.  gentleman  then  proceeded  to  speak  of  the  evangelical  alliances  throughout  France.  Of  the  work  done  by  the  Geneva  society  he  would  not  speak  much,  but  not  because  they  were  less  important  than  those  which  he  had  been  detailing.  The  men  who  com composed  posed composed  it  deserved  their  highest  esteem  and  affection—ho  could  speak  of  them  personally  for  he  knew  many  of  them,  but  he  would  only  say  that  h  e  believed  that  the  work  which  had  been  done  at  St.  Julie  and  other  places,  was  only  a  part  of  what  was  being  done  by  them  in  various  other  districts  of  France.  The  hon.  and  rev.  gentleman  then  described  how  passing  from  this  quarter  he  visited  various  towns  and  villages  along  the  Soane  until  he  came  to  Limoge,  finding  wherever  he  went  an  evangelical  congrec,fa-"
