text
"PROGRESS  OF  HOSTILITIES  The  following  are  the  latest  accounts  of  the  pro progress  gress progress  of  the  Eastern  question,  collected  from  every  quarter  :  -  -  --  -  -  -  VIENNA,  SATURDAY  MORNING.—We  have  advices  from  Constantinople  to  the  16th  instant.  The  Vienna  Note  reached  Constantinople  on  the  15th,  when  Redschid  Pacha  had  an  interview  with  the  foreign  ministers.  He  promised  to  do  his  utmost  for  the  furtherance  of  peace  at  the  Grand  Divan,  which  was  to  meet  on  the  20th,  but  thought  that  the  conduct  of  Persia  and  Russia  would  render  an  arrangement  very  difficult.  The  correspondent  of  one  London  journal  says  :  The  demand  for  the  combined  fleets  to  enter  the  Black  Sea  had  been  refused,  because  the  fleet  destroyed  at  Sinope  was  under  orders  to  convey  ammunition,  &amp;c.,  to  Circassia,  with  a  view  to  in induce  duce induce  Russian  subjects  to  The  other  ac accounts  counts accounts  do  not  confirm  this  report.  Both  the  Turkish  minister  in  Persia,  and  the  Persian  minister  at  Constantinople,  have  quitted  their  posts,  contrary  to  the  advice  of  the  French  and  English  ministers.  The  Turks  are  preparing  for  an  expedition  against  Sebastopol.  VIENNA,  SATURDAY  EVENING.—The  Persians  and  Russians  have  opened  a  direct  communication  The  Russian  General  Yermoloff  is  to  command  the  Persian  force.  By  advices  from  Tiflis  of  the  2nd,  we  learn  that  the  Persian  Beglerbegs  on  the  frontier  have  received  orders  to  prepare  quarters  for  the  reception  of  troops.  BUCHAREST,  DEC.  16.—0  n  the  12th,  13th,  and  14th  inst.,  large  masses  of  Russian  troops  were  marching  upon  Lesser  Wallachia-  Prince  Gortschakoff  has  taken  the  command  of  the  troops  in  that  part  of  the  country.  BELGRADE,  DEC.  16.—The  Russian  court  has  given  an  evasive  answer  to  the  Servian  complaint  respect respecting  ing respecting  the  dangerous  proximity  of  the  ex-Prince  Mi Milosch  losch Milosch  to  the  Servian  frontier.  M.  de  Fonton  has  been  appointed  by  the  Empe Emperor  ror Emperor  of  Russia  Imperial  Commissioner  in  Servia.  Firing  takes  place  daily  between  Giurgevo  and  Rutschuk.  34,000  troops  are  destined  for  Little  Wallachia.  The  accounts  in  the  second  editions  of  the  Lon London  don London  morning  papers  of  yesterday,  or  of  the  evening  journals,  do  not  enable  us  to  add  any  news  of  a  later  date  from  the  Danube  or  the  seat  of  hostili hostilities  ties hostilities  in  Asia;  and  there  has  not  been  published  any  authentic  intelligence  respecting  the  move movements  ments movements  of  the  combined  fleets.  The  Austrian  minister  in  Paris  is  stated  to  have  declared  that  it  is  impossible  for  Austria  to  remain  passive,  and  permit  the  Emperor  of  Russia  to  pro proceed  ceed proceed  in  a  career  of  ambition  which  would  be  fatal  to  the  balance  of  power  in  Europe,  and  to  the  interest  of  Germany.  Changes  in  the  French  cabinet  are  no  longer  spoken  of,  and  ministers  are  now  firmly  united.  Tries  tohfethß  t  eeu  Persians  dispatch  sians  hina  vo  o  ev  f  e  me  D  ne  e  tn  c  e  „  tr  es  2  de  4  n  t  K  I  ,  ht  ms  iva,  a  on  t  m  o  d  t  n  h  g  e  ,  news  de destroyed  stroyed destroyed  Achmetzen  in  Independent  Tartary.  The  Patrie  contains  the  following  :  have  never  doubted  that  the  French  Go Government  vernment Government  which  has  taken  in  hand  the  affair  of  the  Levant,  the  cause  of  humanity  and  of  violated  treaties,  would  adopt  when  the  proper  time  came  a  decision  worthy  of  itself  and  of  France,  the  massacre  of  Sinope,  which  has  no  precedent  ex excepting  cepting excepting  in  the  annals  of  the  Lower  Empire,  has  made  throughout  the  whole  of  kurope  an  immense  and  painful  sensation.  It  creates  for  the  civilised  nations  a  new  position.  The  Independent  Belge  published  information  as  to  the  new  attitude  of  France,  which  we  are  persuaded  will  be  received  with  a  lively  sentiment  of  gratification.  We  think  it  our  duty  to  call  in  a  most  particular  manner  the  attention  of  our  readers  to  the  following  passage.  The  Government  of  the  Empire,  if  my  informa information  tion information  be  correct,  had  put  the  question  to  the  British  Cabinet  in  terms  of  such  distinctness,  that  any  escape,  any  compromise,  became  impossible.'&#34;"
