text
"DAYLIGHT  REFLECTORS  TT  having  come  to  the  knowledge  of  C.  TROUPEAtT,  the  Original  Inventor,  and  sole  Patentee  of  the  DIURNAL  REFLECTOR,  manufacturer  by  .  Appointment  to  Her  Majesty,  that  one  of  his  late  servants,  viz..  Chappuis,  is  infringing  his  patent  in  some  large  provincial  towns,  and  the  said  Chappius  having  been  formally  declared  an  un unprincipled  principled unprincipled  defaulter  to  Charles  Troupeau,  as  the  subjoined  extract  from  the  award  of  C.  Hance,  Esq.,  barrister  and  ar arbitrator  bitrator arbitrator  in  the  matter  of  Troupeau  v.  Chappuis,  proves  :  Charles  Troupeau,  relying  on  the  utility  of  his  invention  and  his  own  integrity,  respectfully  solicits  the  patronage  of  the  Public,  in  the  conviction  that  they  will  not  countenance  fraud  in  any  shape  or  mode,  or  by  whomsoever  practised.  EXTRACT:  In  an  action  in  her  Majesty's  Court  of  Exchequer,  the  said  arbitrator  has  awarded  and  ordered,  viz.:  Ist.—That  full  payment  be  made  by  Chappuis  to  Ch.  Troupeau,  of  the  moneys  received  and  wrongfully  detained  by  Chappuis  on  balance  of  account,  viz.,  £175.  restitution  of  the  Diurnal  Reflectors,  metal,  frames,  various  fittings  and  goods,  wrongfully  detained  by  the  said  Chappuis,  to  the  extent,  in  the  aggregate,  of  1746  square  feet,.  _  _  3rd.—That  £5O  Damages  be  paid  by  Chappuis  to  Charles  Troupeau,  for  certain  breaches  of  duty,  and  breaches  of  promises,  committed  by  the  said  Chappuis,  while  acting  as  Agent  to  Charles  Troupeau.  4th.—That  the  whole  costs  of  the  proceedings  and  of  the  award  be  paid  by  the  said  Head  Office  at  London,  Chas.  Troupeau,  22,  Middle-row,  Holborn.  Head  Office  at  Paris.  4,  Cite  Trevise.  Prospectuses,  and  all  particulars,  free  of  charge,  on  appli application  cation application  to  William  Bennett,  Manager,  55,  Mount  Pleasant,  Liverpool  Wednesday,  November  2  Commarfal  /mitt  TUESDAY  On  account  of  whom  it  may  concern  On  Tuesday  next,  the  Bth  instant,  at  the  Corn  Sales-room,  Brunswick  -street,  at  half-past  One  o'clock,  About  10,168  Bushels  WHEAT,  more  or  lass  damaged  by  s  ea  water,  ex  Conti  nen  from  New  York.  Apply  to  Mr.  JOHN  DOHERTY,  Merchant,  or  WILLIAM  GARDNER  &amp;  Co.,  Brokers  Modern  and  genteel  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  Gas  Chandelier,  Dinner  Service,  China,  Glass,  Timepiece,  and  Effects  of  a  Lady  declining  Housekeeping.  MR,  GRICE  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  this  day,  Mon Monday,  day, Monday,  October  the  7th  instant,  at  Eleven  o'clock  prompt,  on  the  Premises,  17,  St.  Anne-street,  the  whole  of  the  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  comprising,  in  the  Dining Diningroom  room Diningroom  and  Parlour,  two  sets  of  modern  chairs,  a  capital  sofa,  one  ditto  with  spring  seat,  mahogany  sideboard  in  very  fine  order,  cabinet  and  bookcase,  chiffionniere,  handsome  chimney  glasses,  Brussels  and  Kidderminster  carpets,  Turkey  rugs,  fenders,  fire  irons,  oblong  100  tables,  a  round  ditto,  of  very  fine  wood,  capital  telescope  dining  table,  on  massive  carved  legs,  easy  chair  in  leather,  one  ditto  in  hair  cloth,  chimney  orna ornaments,  ments, ornaments,  china,  glass,  dinner  service,  gas  chandelier,  &amp;c.  The  Bad-chambers  are  furnished  with  massive  mahogany  four-post  bedsteads  and  hangings,  several  half-tester,  French,  and  nur nursery  sery nursery  ditto,  prime  seasoned  feather  beds,  mahogany  winged  wardrobe,  handsome  tray  glasses,  pair  of  mahogany  dressing  tables  and  stands,  Lair  and  wool  mattresses,  and  the  appropriate  Painted  chamber  articles;  Kitchen  Utensils;  -  very  handsome  hatstand,  stair  carpets,  oil  cloth,  meat  safe,  spring  dial,  and  other  articles  of  doniestia  use.  _  _  _  _  _  May  bo  viewed  747  Z;  morning  of  sale,  and  catalogues  had  foul  Mr.  Chico,  40i-Iftlitech4Po,  -  MONDAY,  NOVEMBER  7,  1853  THE  Mersey  has  already  beaten  all  her  rivals  in  ocean  steam  navigation.  A  screw  steam  ship  built  on  the  Mersey,  and  the  property  of  a  Liverpool  company,  has  performed  one  of  the  longest  ocean  voyages  in  the  shortest  space  of  time.  This  is  a  victory.  The  Braziliera  has  won  it,  and  to  beat  her  is  what  her  rivals  have  to  accomplish.  This  noble  vessel  sailed  from  this  port  on  the  24th  of  August,  and  has  accomplished  the  passage  to  Buenos  Ayres  and  back,  a  distance  of  14,000  miles,  in  the  short  space  of  seventy-three  days  including  stop stoppages.  pages. stoppages.  Her  average  speed  coming  home  was  240  miles  per  diem,  but  she  has  run  as  many  as  286  miles  in  the  day.  What  will  our  neighbours  of  the  Clyde  think  of  this?  Our  American  friends  must  also  improve  their  hands  at  screw-steam  navi navigation  gation navigation  before  they  can  equal  the  Braziliera  in  an  ocean  voyage.  The  fashionable  waters  of  South Southhampton  hampton Southhampton  must  be  stirred  by  a  Mersey  screw,  if  their  pretensions  to  patronage  and  favour  are  to  be  sustained.  The  .Braziliera  has,  in  fact,  to  be  equalled  and  beaten  before  we  shall  cease  to  claim  for  this  port  that  consideration  to  which  it  is  entitled.  We  have  here  a  ship  built  in  our  river  and  sailed  by  a  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  company,  which  is  little  more  than  a  private  firm,  unaided,  unpatronisecl,  and  unsustained  by  exhorbitant  contracts  or  favours  of  any  kind,  and  yet  they  have  by  private  enterprise,  as  it  were,  produced  a  vessel  capable  of  doing  more  than  any  of  the  mail  steamers  are  able  to  perform.  In  doing  this,  the  owners  of  the  Braziliera  have  confirmed  the  high  enterprising  spirit  of  our  towns townsmen,  men, townsmen,  while  the  builders  of  their  noble  vessel  have  established  the  superiority  of  our  port  in  many  of  those  high  qualities  which  have  defeated  the  genius  of  every  other  portion  of  the  British  empire.  If  we  feel  a  just  pride  in  recording  such  an  achievement,  what  must  the  South  American  and  General  Steam  Navigation  Company  feel  in  being  entitled  to  hoist  the  flag  of  triumph  at  the  mast masthead  head masthead  of  the  noble  Braziliera.  If  a  vessel  which  embodies  all  the  recognised  defects  as  well  as  advantages  of  the  present  school  of  construction  and  propulsion,  can  touch  an  average  speed  of,  say  9  knots  an  hour  on  an  ocean  voyage,  what  may  we  not  hope  to  see  accom accomplished  plished accomplished  when  that  enterprise  and  science  which  has  done  so  much,  shall  apply  itself  still  further  to  the  work  of  overcoming  the  great  practical  difficulties  which  surround  the  all-important  subject  of  steam  navigation  ;—when  undulatory  and  oscillating  ac action  tion action  shall  be  encountered  and  successfully  over overcome;  come; overcome;  when  immersion  shall  be  no  longer  a  pre prevailing  vailing prevailing  source  of  danger  and  disaster,  and  when  the  propulsive  force  of  the  screw  and  paddle  shall  equal  the  power  exerted  by  the  piston  ?  To  accomplish  these  immense  and  obviously  necessary  improvements,  is  the  task  set  before  our  professors  of  marine  architecture  and  nautical  engineers.  The  Mersey,  to  be  great,  must  be  first.  No  pigmy  effort  will  meet  the  giant  demands  of  this  progressive  era.  The  Clyde  has  carried  away  a  vast  trade  which  belonged  legitimately  to  this  port.  The  time  she  has  occupied  in  the  study  of  improvements,  both  in  the  construction  of  vessels  and  marine  propellers,  has  hitherto  given  her  a  great,  advantage  ;  but  in  all  that  they  have  done  as  yet  we  have  but  little  to  apprehend  for  the  future.  The  Braziliera's  fame  will  spread  far  and  wide.  to  answer  the  most  distant  inquiries  for  ships  of  the  first  class.  The  arrangements  which  have  been  recently  made  by  our  leading  ship  builders,  to  carry  on  an  enlarged  trade,  will  be  a  great  advantage  to  our  port.  The  increased  demand  for  shipping  has  doubtless  led  to  this  commencement  of  busi business  ness business  on  an  extended  scale,  and  all  we  shall,  ere  long,  have  to  lament,  is  that  the  initiative  was  not  taken  some  years'  ago.  As  for  the  success  of  what  is  now  about  to  be  done,  there  is  not  the  smallest  room  for  doubt.  Ships  of  the  largest  size  are  re required,  quired, required,  and  in  vast  numbers.  The  statistics  of  British  shipping,  which  have  just  been  published,  show  that  the  size  of  our  ships  has  been  increasing  yearly.  In  1814,  the  average  capacity  of  all  the  ships  constructed  in  the  United  Kingdom,  was  122  tons;  while  in  1852  the  average  capacity  had  nearly  doubled,  it  being  set  down  at  235  tons.  Here,  although  the  aggregate  of  new  tonnage  has  nearly  doubled,  the  figures  being  86,075  tons  in  1815,  against  167,491  in  1852,  the  number  of  vessels  built  every  year  has  remained  nearly  the  same— samethe  the samethe  total  being  706  in  1815,  and  712  in  1852.  In  the  returns  of  colonial-built  ships,  the  demand  for  vessels  of  increased  tonnage  is  still  more  obsery  able,  the  average  capacity  having  been  84  tons  only,  in  1815,  against  207  tons  in  1851.  The  colonies,  however,  have  not  only  shared  with  us  in  the  demand  for  ships  of  increased  capacity,  but  they  have  also  built  a  much  greater  number.  In  1815  they  only  built  131  vessels,  with  an  aggregate  capacity  of  11,069  tons,  while  in  1851  they  built  no  less  than  680  vessels,  with  a  total  capacity  of  The  number  of  vessels  belonging  to  the  several  ports  of  the  British  empire,  in  1814  was  24,418,  with  an  aggregate  capacity  of  2,616,965  tons,  em employing  ploying employing  '172,786  men  and  boys.  Last  year,  the  number  was  34,402  vessels,  with  a  tonnage  of  4,424,392  tons,  employing  243,512  men  and  boys.  During  the  interval  of  39  years,  therefore,  the  increase  of  vessels  was  equal  to  41  per  cent.,  of  tonnage  to  72  per  cent.,  and  of  men  to  40  per  cent.,  the  increase  in  capacity,  and  partial  improvements  in  construction,  causing  a  slight  economy  in  the  number  of  persons  employed.  The  number  of  foreign  ships  purchased  by  British  owners  since  the  repeal  of  the  Navigation  Laws,  was—in  1850,  57,  with  a  capacity  of  10,499  tons;  in  1851,  26,  with  a  capacity  of  6,049  tons,  and  in  1852,  28,  with  a  capacity  of  6,724  tons.  If  Liverpool  had  bestirred  herself  in  time,  our  town  might  have  participated,  to  a  large  extent,  in  this  most  remunerative  branch  of  trade.  But  the  building  of  ships  is  not  the  only  advantage  which  accrues  to  a  sea-port.  The  number  of  hands  to  which  ships  give  employment,  is  a  matter  of  paramount  importance.  It  is  impossible,  therefore,  to  over  -  estimate  the  benefits  likely  to  arise  from  achievements  such  as  those  of  the  Braziliera.  Increased  speed,  and  burthen-carrying  capacity,  are  the  desiderata  of  the  age,  and  the  port  which  can  offer  the  greatest  share  of  either  or  both,  will  take  the  lead,  and  trade  also  in  ship-building.  FEW  can  doubt  but  that  our  social  system  is,  in  many  respects,  materially  defective,  and  essentially  needs,  if  not  absolute  changes,  at  least  consider considerable  able considerable  modifications.  Several  of  the  evils  which  afflict  society,  have  grown  upon  it  unawares  ;  and  have  been  induced  by  an  unavoidable  necessity.  The  labouring  classes  in  large  towns,  for  instance,  are  compelled  to  herd  together  like  brutes,  in  low,  filthy  neighbourhoods,  where  the  light  of  HEAVEN  scarcely  penetrates—where  the  air  is  im impregnated  pregnated impregnated  with  mephitic  exhalations,—and  where,  consequently,  Typhus  and  Cholera,  with  all  their  demon  hold  perpetual  carnival!  And  why?  Simply  because  better  habitations  cannot  be  had  at  the  price  the  labourer  can  afford  to  pay,  and  in  consequence  of  his  being  obliged  to  reside  contiguous  to  his  work.  Again;  with  respect  to  what  is  called  the  long-hour  excessive  competition  and  active  trade,  have  im imperceptibly  perceptibly imperceptibly  led  shopkeepers  to  adopt  this  prac practice,  tice, practice,  until  it  has  attained,  not  only  to  an  estab established  lished established  custom,  but  to  a  frightful  injustice.  The  proverb  says  that,  prevention  is  better  than  cure  but,  unfortunately,  there  are  instances  when  its  applicability  is  sheerly  impossible.  This  should  not,  however,  render  us  either  in indifferent  different indifferent  or  inactive  in  labouring  to  remove,  an  evil,  although  established  usage  sanctions,  and  the  public  connive  at  it.  The  habit  of  keeping  houses  of  business  open  until  late  at  night,  thereby  prolonging  the  hours  of  labour  unduly,  deserves  to  be  rebuked  with  unmitigated  severity.  It  is  impossible  to  describe  the  train  of  evils  which  such  a  system  induces  ;  and  our  chief  astonishment  is,  that  any  one  should  be  found  weak  or  wicked  enough,  upon  any  pre  text,  to  justify  so  daring  a  wrong.  That  the  perpetuation  of  such  an  iniquitous  practice  is  beneficial  to  the  employer,  we  most  emphatically  deny.  - STYLE=superscript  On  the  grounds  of  X.  s.  d.  alone,  he  certainly  is  no  gainer.  Let  him  deduct  from  the  annual  returns  arising  out  of  night  gain,  the  cost  of  gaslight,  and  the  amount  of  damage  sustained  by  his  light  goods,  therefrom,  and  we  venture  to  predict,  that  the  item  of  profit  which  would  remain  he  could  not,  with  decency,  place  on  the  plate  of  his  parish-church  on  the  next  charity  sermon  day!  _  But  the  employer  is  a  loser  m  anotner  respect  - STYLE=superscript  .  His  assistants,  naturally  enough,  being  continually  overworked,  cannot  perform  that  degree  of  service  which  they  otherwise  could  and  would  ;  so  that  he  becomes  necessitated  either  to  engage  additional  labour,  or  else  have  much  of  the  business  of  his  concern  left  undone  altogether,  or  performed  most  negligently.  Thus  young  people,  through  sheer  fatigue  and  ennui,  are  unable  to  present  themselves  before  purchasers  so  agreeably  as  the  former  may  desire,  or  the  latter  expect.  Hence  fewer  purchases  are  probably  made;  and  the  parties  never  set  foot  within  the  concern  again,  but  lay  out  their  cash  at  the  rival  establishment  of  JONES'S  opposite  !  who  adopts  the  Early  Closing  principle—and  finds  him himself  self himself  much  the  gainer  from  the  change,—as  unques unquestionably  tionably unquestionably  he  is.  But  apart  from  these  low,  mercenary  views,  there  exist  high  moral  and  social  reasons  why  such  a  practice  as  we  now  condemn  should  be  imme immediately  diately immediately  discontinued.  A  righteous  we  are  told,  regards  the  life  of  his  beast  but  surely  the  obligation  which  forbids  cruelty  to  our  species  is  more  imperative  than  any  which  binds  us  to  ex exercise  ercise exercise  mercy  to  the  lower  animals.  The  confine confinement  ment confinement  of  young  persons,  for  an  undue  number  of  hours,  in  a  heated  and  unhealthy  atmosphere  is  productive  of  the  direst  evils,—evils,  unhappily,  which  many  shopkeepers  do  not  appear  to  recognise,  or  are  not  sufficiently  instructed  to  know.  But  we  much  fear  that  hard  work  and  long  hours  are  but  a  portion  of  the  misery  which  young  men,  who  serve  in  shops,  are  necessitated  to  undergo.  Some  time  since  Mr.  WILLIAMS,  M.P.,  a  retired  London  tradesman,  in  advocating,  on  a  public  platform,  the  Early  Closing  principle,  entered  into  a  partial  his history  tory history  of  his  life,  and  stated  that  when,  in  early  man manhood,  hood, manhood,  he  was  a  draper's  assistant,  he  had  frequently  to  sleep  under  the  counter  at  night,  after  a  weari wearisome  some wearisome  day  of  toil  ;  and,  addressing  the  numerous  young  men  present,  he  remarked  Now,  I  dare  say,  many  of  you  do  the  same  thing,  but  you  are  ashamed  Lu  4.7,otaktob  1.6  We  chcrula  by  -v-cry  s  orry  .  indeed,  were  this  story  in  the  slighest  degree  ap applicable  plicable applicable  to  the  town  of  Liverpool.  Man's  physical  constitution,  can  with  safety,  but  undergo  a  certain  modicum  of  labour.  Should  this  be  'exceeded  and  prolonged,  incalculable  in injuries  juries injuries  must  inevitably  result  to  the  whole  organi  zation.  Young  people  especially,  whose  systems  are  immature,  are  the  more  easily  affected,  and  con consequently,  sequently, consequently,  the  first  to  suffer.  With  respect  to  this  class,  the  Register  General's  Reports  tell,  but  too  often,  a  melancholy  tale  !  It  fairly  puzzles  us  to  know,  how  shopkeepers  can  reconcile  themselves  to  this  iniquitous  custom,  and  withal  make  pro professions  fessions professions  which  but  ill  accord  with  their  practices.  We  truly  pity  their  ;ignorance,  if  they  are  insuffi insufficiently  ciently insufficiently  acquainted  with  the  laws  of  physiology  not  to  know  the  mischiefs  they  are  quietly  inflicting  upon  those  who  are  helping  them  to  live  in  the  ease  and  comfort  of  a  London  Alderman  !  But  if  this  practice  arises  from  desire  of  gain,  we  spurn  them  for  their  unholy  ambition.  They  then  become  the  very  LEGREE'S  of  Society  ;  and  those  they  em employ  ploy employ  may,  without  much  exaggeration,  form  a  sub subject  ject subject  for  an  English  Mrs.  STOWE  to  exercise  her  pen  and  lavish  her  sympathies  upon.  But  the  truth  is,  the  employers  in  such  a  case  are  greater  slaves  than  the  •  employed  ;  for  as  LA  BRUYERE  wisely  observes,  a  slave  has  but  one  master,  whilst  the  ambitious  man  has  as  many  masters  as  there  are  persons  whose  aid  contributes  to  the  advancement  of  his  Of  all  cants—and  they  are  Legion—practised  in  this  canting  world,  we  know  of  no  cant  to  be  corn  pared  with  that  which,  on  the  plea  of  moral  (?)  expe expediency  diency expediency  justifies  the  continuance  of  the  late  hour"
