text
"THURSDAY,  OCTOBER  27,  1853  THIS  is,  apparently,  the  age  of  combinations.  Workmen,  in  every  direction,  are  demanding  a  higher  remuneration  for  their  labour—a  demand  which,  in  several  instances,  is  not  being  conceded.  Masters,  too,  are  following  the  contagious  example  thus  set  them,  and  are  endeavouring  to  obtain  from  the  public  an  increased  price  for  the  articles  they  manufacture.  Each  class  is  organizing  and  combining,  with  the  precise  object  of  obtaining  an  additional  per  centage  upon  their  'available  capital,  whether  in  labour  or  commodity.  If  we  urge  grave  objections  against  the  proceedings  of  the  one  class,  on  the  ground  of  their  having  had  full  employment  and  'excellent  wage,  so  that  their  condition'  had  never  been  more  prosperous,  we  have  the  same  reason  for  raising  the  voice  of  protestation  against  the  conduct  of  thn  •  other  class,  in  fixing  a  larger  price  on  the  manufactured  article  than  there  exists  a  just  right  for  demand demanding,.  ing,. demanding,.  or  the  necessity  of  the  case  would  warrant.  Our  observations  entirely  apply  to  the  resolution  adopted  by  the  Brewers  of  Burton-upon-Trent,  a  few  days'  since,  with  reference  to  the  increased  price  of  bitter  ale.  The  following  circular  has  been  addressed,  by  the  eminent  firm  of  Bass  AND  COMPANY,  to  their  customers,  to  which  is  appen appended  ded appended  the  terms  of  the  resolution  referred  to,  and  which  was  agreed  upon  by  the  united  Guild  of  Pale  Ale  Brewers.'  Messrs.  Bass  and  Co.  present  their  compliments,  and  beg  to  enclose  a  circular  announcing  that,  in  consequence  of  the  very  high  price  of  hops  and  malt,  the  brewers  of  Burton Burtonupon-Trent  upon-Trent Burtonupon-Trent  have  been  compelled  to  raise  the  price  of  pale  ale.  _  _  _  Wharf,  City  Basin,  Oct.  21.  'Burton-upon-Trent.  Oct.  19  'At  a  meeting  of  the  brewers  of  Burton-upon-Trent,  held  this  day,  it  was  unanimously  resolved,  in  consequence  of  the  very  great  advance  in  the  price  of  malt  and  hops,  to  raise;  the  price  of  pale  ale  6s.  per  barrel  from  this  date.  '  BASS,  RATCLIFF,  AND  GRETTON.'  The  very  modest  sum  of  six  shillings  is  the  advance  demanded  upon  each  solitary  barrel  of  ale,  and  the  plausible  plea  which  the  monopolists  urge  in  justification  of  this  proceeding  is,  forsooth  !  the  very  great  advance  in  the  price  of  malt  and  We  waive,  for  the  present,  the  consideration  whether  the  state  of  the  market  is  such  as  to  afford  a  semblance  even  for  such  an  increased  charge STYLE=superscript  upon  the  price  of  ale  as  the  extraordinary  sum  of  6s.  per  cask.  We  prefer  to  Combat  this  outrageous  demand  upon  another  ground,  and  it  is  this—When  the  price  of  malt  and  hops  was  considerably  below  the  average  rate,  did  the  BITTER  ALE  BREWER  S  lower  propor proportionably  tionably proportionably  the  cost  of  their  commodity  ?  Did  they  honestly  afford  the  public  the  full  benefit,  of  cheap  grain;  even  when  remonstrances  from  every  quar-"
