text
"FRANCE.  FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.  PARIS,  SUNDAY  EVENING.  Although  I  have  told  you  that  an  eminent  political  authority  assures  me,  that  the  French  Emperor  does  not  sincerely  desire  peace,  and  that  the  anxiety  his  government  professes  for  it  is  mere  pretence,  destined  to  tranquilise  the  moneyed  interest  and  the  bourgeoisie,—l  must  not  disguise  from  you  that  all  the  secondary  personages,  who  are  dependent  on  the  government,  or  who  are  anxious  to  appear  to  be  acquainted  with  its  wishes,  go  about  prating  that  peace  may  be  considered  as  perfectly  certain,  and  that  if  England  to  throw  any  obstacles  in  its  way  France  will  not  hesitate  to  toss  her  overboard.  From  the  language  of  the  semi-official  newspapers  of  the  government  it  appears,  too,  that  they  have  received  the  cue  to  represent  peace  as  morally  certain,  and  the  obligations  which  England  may  attempt  to  impose  on  Russia,  in  virtue  of  the  last  article  of  the  accepted  conditions,  as  so  unim unimportant  portant unimportant  that  they  cannot  possibly  be  an  obstacle  to  the  conclusion  of  it.  The  language  of  the  papers  which  represent  the  Orleanist  and  Legiti Legitimist  mist Legitimist  factions,  that  is—the  Assemblee  Nationale,  in  this  city,  and  the  Independance,  of  Brussels,  is  absolutely  insulting  to  England  ;  it  is  to  the  effect  that,  as  France  has  covered  herself  with  glory  by  her  arms  and  diplomacy  in  the  war,  whilst  England  has  disgracefully  fallen  in  to  a  secondary  position  in  both,  France  alone  has  a  right  to  say  on  what  terms  peace  shall  be  con consented  sented consented  to;  and,  that  if  England  presumes  to  say  a  word  to  the  contrary,  France  and  will  be  arrayed  against  her,  and  she  will  encounter  the  malediction  of  all  Europe.  We  have  received  no  telegraphic  despatches  up  to  this  moment,  which  throw  any  new  light  on  the  peace  question.  Dresden,  and  not  Paris,  is  how however,  ever, however,  now  spoken  of  as  likely  to  be  the  theatre  of  the  Conferences.  The  choice  of  that  place  will  be  a  very  had  one,  if  for  no  other  reason  than  that  it  will  give  the  petty  German  governments  even  a  higher  opinion  of  their  importance,  than  they  at  present  entertain.  It  is  said  that  Prussia  will  most  likely  be  admitted  to  the  Conferences,  as  France,  supposing  her  desire  for  peace  to  be  as  strong  as  it  is  said,  will  be  glad  of  her  support  against  England.  At  Vienna,  as  was  to  be  expected,  the  news  of  peace  being  probable,  was  received  with  the  greatest  joy,  and  at  the  theatre,  the  Emperor  was  greeted  with  acclamations.  All  the  Austrian  papers  and  letters  concur  in  ascribing  the  acceptance  of  peace  by  Russia,  to  her  dread  of  Austrian  power  !  Some  sensation  has  been  created  to  day  by  an  article  in  the  French  Journal  of  Frankfort,—an  article  which,  from  the  manner  in  which  it  is  printed,  evidently  emanates  from  an  official  source.  It  is  somewhat  obscure  in  language,  but  declares  that  ;Russia  cannot  be  completely  conquered  by  the  West,  and  that  consequently  she  has  displayed  great  moderation,  and  rendered  an  immense  service  to  Germany  and  Europe  by  accepting  the  conditions  offered.  The  importance  of  the  article  lies,  however,  in  the  conclusion,  which  is  this— thisthat  that thisthat  though  peace  may  be  concluded  now,  it  will  most  likely  not  he  durable.  The  news  of  the  peace  has  not  yet  been  known  long  enough  to  exercise  any  decisive  effect  on  French  trade  in  general,  but  it  has  been  received  with  the  greatest  satisfaction  by  all  the  trading  classes.  In  the  Corn  market,  however,  it  has  created  a  great  sensation,  as  it  is  fore foreseen  seen foreseen  that  in  the  event  of  peace  Russia  will  pour  immense  stores  of  wheat  into  Europe.  At  Havre  a  rise  of  nearly  4  fr.  the  bale  has  taken  place  in  cotton.  The  affair  of  the  Transatlantic  Steam  Navigation  Companies  is  approaching  a  satisfac satisfacfactory  factory satisfacfactory  conclusion,  and  it  is  said  that  before  long,  lines  of  steamers  will  be  established  between  France,  and  New  York  and  Brazil.  The  Marseilles  telegraph  announces  the  receipt  of  Constantinople  news  to  the  10th,  by  the  Jour Jourdain.  dain. Jourdain.  The  Russians  had  destroyed  the  advanced  works  of  Kars,  had  left  1000  men  as  a  garrison,  and  had  fallen  back  on  Gumri.  15,000  Turks  and  Egyptians  were  at  Trebizonde,  ready  to  proceed  to  Erzeroum,  but  they  were  suffering  great  priva privations.  tions. privations.  There  was  a  question  of  an  English  expedition  in  Georgia  in  the  spring,  under  Sir  C.  Campbell.  The  Russians  were  continuing  to  fire  on  the  Allies  from  the  northern  forts  of  Sebastopol,  and  the  latter  are  stated  to  have  postponed  their  design  of  blowing  up  the  docks.  Tne  rupture  of  diplomatic  relations  between  Persia  and  England  is  confirmed,  and  Mr.  Murray,  our  minister,  had  retired  to  Mossul.  France  had  offered  her  media mediation,  tion, mediation,  but  Persia,  after  receiving  news  of  the  fall  of  Kars,  refused  to  accept  it.  P.S.—One  of  the  government  organs,  the  Pays,  of  this  evening,  has  a  long  article,  complaining  of  the  English  press,  for  not  showing  the  same  plea pleasure  sure pleasure  at  the  prospect  of  peace,  as  that  of  France.  The  Pays  assures  its  readers  that  the  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  propositions  by  Russia  removes  all  obstacles  to  the  conclusion  of  an  honourable  peace,  and  that  the  addition  of  new  conditions  about  Bomarsund,  &amp;c  ,  cannot  be  allowed  to  be  of  any  consequence.  It  tells  England  that  she  has  no  need  to  go  to  war  to  retrieve  her  military  renown,  as,  though  it  is  true  she  has  played  a  secondary  part  to  France,  no  one  doubts  her  power,  and  that  it  is  barbarous  to  continue  war  for  such  a  purpose.  It,  finally,  warns  her  that  she  will  be  accused  of  in interested  terested interested  motives  in  continuing  the  war  (the  destruc destruction  tion destruction  of  the  Baltic  fleet  of  Russia),  when  France  has  covered  herself  with  glory  by  her  disinterestedness  PARIS,  SATURDAY  EVENING,  A  despatch  received  this  morning  from  Berlin  says  that  Russia  has  only  accepted  the  propositions  of  Austria  under  the  reserve  of  discussing  them  in  the  conference  but  others  from  the  same  city  say  that  she  has  accepted  them  without  reserves,  and  this,  certainly,  is  the  general  opinion,  and  is  no  doubt  the  fact.  No  little  vexation  has  been  manifested  to-day  by  tha  patrons  of  peace—and  you  know  they  are  tolerably  numerous  in  this  city  —on  the  tone  of  the  English  newspapers  on  the  acceptance  of  the  propositions  by  Russia.  It  is  taken  for  granted  that  England  is  not  at  all  favourable  to  peace,  and  the  language  of  the  press  is  considered  a  proof  that  she  will  in  the  approach  ing  conferences  excite  difficulties  to  the  conclusion  of  it.  In  consequence  of  this  there  has  been  a  general  decline  in  the  funds,  and  in  all  securities  in  the  Stock  Exchange.  During  the  last  few  days  it  has  been  ',reported  that  the  students  would  to  day,  as  they  have  done  on  one  or  two  occasions  recently,  make  an  uproar  at  the  lectures  of  Professor  Nisard  at  the  Sorbonne,  —the  object  thereof  being  a  demonstration  against  him  personally,  for  having  allowed  himself  to  be  bribed,  by  a  place,  to  abandon  the  republican  party  of  which  he  was  once  a  burning  and  shining  light,  and  against  the  government  for  having  bribed  him.  I  accordingly  went  down  to  the  Sorbonne,  though  warned  that  the  government  meant  to  send  an  immense  force  of  police,  and  that  I  should  probably  be  arrested.  I  arrived  before  the  time  fixed  for  the  beginning  of  the  lecture,  but  found  that  it  had  been  some  time  before,  and  that  the  room  was  packed  by  Nisard's  personal  friends.  A  very  strong  body  of  police  was  assembled  in  the  Court-yard,  and  there  was  also  a  large  gathering  of  students,  both  in  the  yard  and  in  the  street  outside.  But  the  only  demon-  stration  that  took  place,  was  at  the  close  of  the  lecture,  when  a  number  of  the  students  assembled  and  began  hooting.  The  police  immediately  rushed  amongst  them  and  dispersed  them.  The  yard  and  the  neighbourhood  were  then  cleared,  and  several  arrests  were  effected.  The  whole  affair  was  of  no  great  importance,  but  I  am  credibly  informed,  that  the  hostility  to  the  Government,  which  has  always  existed  amongst  the  young  naen  of  the  University,  has  become  so  strong,  as  to  threaten  an  early  explosion.  In  corroboration  of  this  fact,  I  am  informed  that  an  Inspector  of  the  Academy  —a  great  official  dignitary  —was  hissed  onyouths  thesecond  lecturefthe  college  rs STYLE=superscript  o  l STYLE=superscript  f  e STYLE=superscript  Grand,d  f  a  or  y  havingtheattended  Nisard,  in  :order  to  overawe  the  students.  In  consequence  of  this  manifestation  of  feeling  n  o  t  fewer  than  three  divisions  2  !of  the  college  have  been  broken  up,  and  the  youths  composing  them  have  been  sent  home.  There  are  other  and  more  important  signs  that  a  re-awakening  of  public  opinion  in  France  is  taking  place.  At  Amiens,  Nantes,  La  Rochelle,  and  several  other  towns,  domiciliary  visits  have  recently  been  made,  and  arrests  have  been  effected;  in  Paris,  some  gentlemen  known  for  republican  opinions  have  been  lyclggd  im  stwl;  tuzcl  thQ  paper  toll  us"
