text
"COUNTY  COURT.  v  --ESTERDAY.  The  Court  sat  at  10  o'clock  yesterday.  STEPHEN  v.  Corm  —ln  this  case  the  plaintiff,  Henry  Stephen,  a  journeyman  cigar  -maker,  summoned  George  Cope,  manufacturer  of  cigars,  Great  Nelson-strett,  for  45.,  the  value  of  cigars  which  he  had  made  while  in  the  em employment  ployment employment  of  the  defendant.  The  case  involved  a  question  regarding  the  custom  of  the  trade.  It  was  contended  by  the  defendant  that  the  plaintiff,  while  in  his  employment,  had  made  a  number  of  cigars  which  were  what  the  trade  called  improper  in  make  and  workmanship.  The  plaintiff  was  asked  if  he  was  not  aware  of  a  certain  rule  in  the  trade  by  which  no  cigars  of  an  improper  weight  or  workmanship  were  paid  for  by  the  manufacturer.  The  plaintiff  denied  being  aware  of  any  such  rule.  Several  witnesses  were  called  upon  the  part  of  the  defendant  to  prove  that  such  was  the  custom  of  the  trade,  and  also  that  a  list  of  rules,  including  the  one  specified,  was  hung  up  in  the  defendant's  workshop,  where  the  plaintiff  must  have  seen  it.  His  Honor  said  as  the  plaintiff  had  chosen  to  work  in  an  establishment  where  certain  rules  prevailed,  with  which,  it  appeared,  he  must  have  been  acquainted,  he  was  bound  by  those  rules,  and  was  not  entitled  to  receive  the  money.  A  verdict  was,  therefore,  given  for  the  defendant.  .LEONARD  V.  PITZPITRICK.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  a  girl,  named  Rose  Leonard,  a  servant,  against  a  person  named  Fitzpatrick,  to  recover  the  sum  of  £4.  The  evidence  of  the  plaintiff  was  to  the  effect  that  she  gave  defendant  the  money  to  keep  for  her,  believing  he  was  the  best  friend  she  had  in  Liverpool,  and  that  he  now  refused  to  pay  it.  The  defendant,  on  the  other  hand,  alleged  that  the  plaintiff  was  in  his  debt  for  board  and  lodging  for  fourteen  weeks,  at  6s.  a  weeek,  amounting  to  £3  10s.,  and  that  he  had  also  advanced  money  to  her,  making  £4  10s.  He  produced  an  agreement  drawn  up  by  himself,  and  to  which  he  stated  Rose  Leonard  had  put  her  mark,  consenting  to  pay  ss.  a  week  for  her  board.  On  the  other  hand,  the  plaintiff  denied  that  she  ever  put  her  mark  to  the  paper,  or  consented  to  pay  any  such  sum  as  ss.  per  week.  She  said  that  the  defendant  read  over  the  paper  to  her,  and  when  she  put  out  her  hand  to  take  it  up  he  made  a  mark  upon  it  with  the  pen  which  he  held  in  his  hand.  It  appeared  also  that  a  copy  of  the  document  was  given  to  her  to  keep,  which  differed  in  some  particulars  from  that  which  the  defendant  intended  to  have  kept  himself.  His  HONOR  said  he  was  of  opinion  that  the  young  woman  had  been  imposed  upon;  and  that  there  was  a  very  gross  conspiracy  to  defraud  her  of  her  money  by  means  of  the  paper  which  was  produced.  His  opinion  was,  that  the  girl  should  pay  something  for  her  board,  and  also  that  she  would  have  been  quite  willing  to  have  paid  something,  if  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  had  not  made  such  a  charge  against  her,  which  she  thought  unfair.  He  would  therefore  deduct  £1  18s.,  and  give  the  girl  a  verdict  for  £2,  which,  with  the  money  she  had  received,  would  make  up  the  sum  to  which  she  was  en entitled.  titled. entitled.  He  would  direct  the  money  to  be  paid  immediately,  and  would  make  a  memorandum  that  if  Mr.  Fitzpatrick  did  not  find  some  means  of  paying  at  once  the  money  which  he  had  improperly  and  dishonestly  come  by,  he  should  cer certainly  tainly certainly  send  him  to  Lancaster  Castle.  The  poor  placed  great  trust  in  their  friends,  and  with  justice,  for  they  often  treated  each  other  better  than  the  rich;  but  in  this  case  this  young  woman,  who  believed  she  was  putting  her  money  into  the  care  of  a  friend,  had  been  completely  deceived,  and  a  set-off  made  up  for  the  purpose  of  defrauding  her  of  the  saving  of  her  hard  earnings.  PRINCE  v.  SPENCER.—In  this  case,  a  woman  named  Maria  Prince,  sought  to  recover  £4  from  James  Spencer,  Fulton-street,  Regent-road,  for  the  support  of  a  little  girl,  his  child,  at  ss.  a  week.  The  plaintiff  stated  that  she  had  had  five  children,  besides  the  girl,  of  whom  defendant  was  the  father,  and  that  they  had  been  living  together  a  great  many  years,  until  a  short  time  since,  when  she  was  turned  out  of  the  house  in  which  she  resided.  Plaintiff  was  unable  to  give  any  evidence  of  a  contract  or  promise  made  by  defendant  to  support  the  child.  His  Howon  said,  without  expressing  any  opinion  upon  the  case,  he  could  only  say  that  unless  a  contract  was  proved,  the  plaintiff  had  no  grounds  upon  which  that  court  could  compel  defendant  to  pay  for  the  maintenance  of  his  ille illegitimate  gitimate illegitimate  children.  The  case  was  therefore  dismissed.  WGEORGE  V.  HOARE.—This  was  a  case  which  had  been  heard  upon  a  previous  day,  and  adjourned  for  the  production  of  Miss  M'George  the  plaintiff,  who  sought  to  recover  £ll  55.,  a  quarter's  rent  of  a  house  in  Grove-terrace.  The  plaintiff,  not  being  in  good  health,  was  not  able  to  attend.  A  nonsuit  was  therefore  entered.  LATHAM  V.  THE  LANCASHIRE  AND  YORKSHIRE  RAILWAY  COMPANY.—The  plaintiff  claimed  £3  12s.  from  this  com company.  pany. company.  His  evidence  was  to  the  effect  that  he  was  in  the  em employment  ployment employment  of  the  company  for  nearly  two  years,  and  that  upon  the  6th  of  Septemuer  he  was  suspended  from  employ employment,  ment, employment,  but  directed  to  attend  the  following  day.  He  did  so,  and  :attended  every  day  successively  for  three  weeks;  after  which  he  was  set  to  work  for  a  fortnight.  At  the  expira expiration  tion expiration  of  that  time  he  was  paid  the  fortnight's  wages,  and  then  dismissed.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  the  three  week's  wages,  at  £l4s.  a  week,  and  it  was  stated  that  by  a  standing  rule  of  the  company  a  fortnight's  notice  of  dismissal  should  be  given  to  every  servant.  Mr.  Campbell  appeared  for  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Forshaw  represented,  the  company.  Defendant  admitted  on  cross-examination,  that  he  was  aware  of  one  of  the  company's  rules,  by  which  a  per person  son person  absenting  himself  without  leave,  was  liable  to  instant  dismissal.  Evidence  was  given  by  the  officer  of  the  com company  pany company  under  whose  immediate  control  witness  was,  to  shew  that  he  had  transgressed  the  rules  of  the  company  by  absent absenting  ing absenting  himself  without  leave,  and  that  he  was  drinking  during  the  entire  of  one  week.  His  HONOR  :  I  think  this  is  a  very  daring  attempt  to  im impose  pose impose  upon  the  company,  and  I  shall  give  a  verdict  for  the  defendants.  CHARGE  OF  FRAUD  AGAINST  A  CORONER.—MT.  William  Webb  Ward,  one  of  the  coroners  for  South  Staffordshire,  and  James  Davis,  were  on  Wednesday  last  committed  for  trial  at  the  adjourned  Staffordshire  Sessions,  on  a  charge  of  conspiring  to  defraud  Ann  Davis  of  lOs  6d.  A  MAN  WITH  TWENTY  Wivms.—A  man  calling  himself  Dr.  Wm.  Hunter,  but  whose  real  name  is  said  to  be  Nathaniel  I.  Bird,  is  in  gaol  at  Camden,  New  Jersey,  on  a  charge  of  bigamy,  and  various  other  charges.  On  Sunday  Elizabeth  Harrington,  a  lady  of  Philadelphia,  visited  him  in  prison,  and  ascertained  he  was,  the  man  to  whom  she  was  married  on  the  9th  of  July  last.  On  the  same  day  he  was  visited  by  another  lady  from  Kensington,  named  Mary  Thomas,  to  whom  he  was  married  in  May  last.  It  is  also  stated,  that  he  has  a  wife  in  Reading,  another  in  Wilming Wilmington,  ton, Wilmington,  Del.,  and  another  yet  in  Philadelphia.  The  prisoner  is  only  about  twenty-three  years  of  age,  and  it  is  stated,  declares  that  he  has  twenty  wives,  a  statement  which  may  be  true,  as  more  than  one-fourth  of  that  num&gt;&gt;er  have  been  found  within  a  few  days.  It  is  alleged,  that  he  abandoned  each  wife  soon  after  marriage,  and  that  they  never  heard  of  him  after  until  his  arrest.  The  affair  creates  the  greatest  excitement  in  Camden,  and  has  induced  an  immense  number  of  people  to  seek  admission  for  the  purpose  of  seeing  him.  —American  paper."
