text
"TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  We  have  our  Paris  advices  of  Thursday.  The  Moniteur  says  that  the  Eastern  question  has  en entered  tered entered  upon  a  new  phase—the  Ottoman  Porte  having  thought  fit  to  renounce  further  negociation.  The  interests  involved  touching  other  European  Powers  more  nearly  than  France,  there  is  reason  to  regard  with  calm  this  new  evolution  of  the  Eastern  question.  The  object  sought  for  by  the  conference  of  Vienna  not  having  been  attained,  viz.,  the  maintenance  of  the  rights  of  the  Sultan,  the  independence  of  the  Porte,  and  the  balance  of  power,  the  Emperor  Na Napoleon,  poleon, Napoleon,  when  the  Sultan  thought  that  war  alone  was  open  to  him  for  the  maintenance  of  his  dignity,  has  not  departed  from  the  line  of  policy  consequent  on  the  occupation  of  the  provinces,  traced  Out  from  the  beginning,  in  accordance  with  England  ;  and  the  two  squadrons  have  by  this  time  anchored  in  the  Sea  of  Marmora.  •  The  Emperor  of  Russia  has  given  solemn  as assurances  surances assurances  that  he  would  aid  in  th  preservation  of  peace;  but  peace  would  be  wanting  in  its  essential  condition  when  no  longer  having  for  the  basis  the  balance  of  power,  securing  the  interests  of.  all  Such  an  enterprise  as  the  present  was  worthy  to  unite  the  two  flags  of  the  Western  Powers.  As  formerly  in  negociation,  so  now  they  will  be  united  in  action.  If  the  two  other  Cabinets  who  took  part  in  the  negociation  do  not  judge  necessary  to  associate  in  the  maritime  demonstrations  made  for  the  sake  of  the  common  interest,  their  neutrality  will  not  be  indifference,  and  their  co-operation  will  not  be  wanting  in  any  negotiations  which  may  tend  to  bring  about  a  solution  of  the  present  differences.  So  many  circumstances  are  united  together  in  fa favor  vor favor  of  the  European  cause,  that  we  may  look  forward  to  all  possible  eventualities  with  security,  and  await  the  result  with  confidence.  The  Moniteur  also  announces  that  the  two  Cabi Cabinets  nets Cabinets  have  despatched  orders  to  their  respctive  fleets  to  pass  the  Dardanelles,  and  that  by  this  time  they  will  have  anchored  in  tha  Sea  of  Marmora.  A  submarine  telegraphic  despatch  has  been  re received,  ceived, received,  giving  the  substance  of  the  article  in  the  Moniteur,  which  it  states,  after  having  explained  the  considerations  that  have  determined  the  send sending  ing sending  of  the  fleet  to  Besika,  followed  by  the  declara declaration  tion declaration  of  war  by  Turkey,  says—'  Such  an  enterprise  was  worthy  of  the  two  great  States  of  the  West,  and  displays  the  noble  spectacle  of  a  perfect  understand understanding  ing understanding  in  action  as  well  as  in  negotiation.&#34;'  The  Moniteur  adds,  that  the  co-operation  of  the  two  Cabinets  of  Vienna  and  Berlin  in  future  nego negotiations  tiations negotiations  is  not  altogether  hopeless."
