text
"VERDICT.  Accidental  Death—The  deeeased,  Thomas  Naylor,.  whilst  travelling  in  the  public  Coach,  running  between  the  Duukitt  railway  station  and  Waterford,  and  upon  the  pub public  lic public  road  at  Newrath,  in  the  said  county  of  Waterford,  the  said  road  being  then  flooded  with  water,  and  without  fences  or  walls,  the  coach  was  upset  into  the  adjoining  marsh,  and  being  filled  with  water,  he  was  drowned  therein  on  the  night  of  the  31st  of  October  last;  and  the  jury  are  of  opinion  that  the  grand  jnry  of  the  county  of  Waterford,  or  other  authori  ties  whose  duty  is  to  keep  this  road  in  a  fitand  proper  repair,  so  as  to  be  safe  for  travelling,  are  responsible  for  the  death  of  this  man  ;  and  as  such  accidents  have  frequently  before  oc occurred  curred occurred  at  this  place,  the  jury  call  upon  them  to  take  imme immediate  diate immediate  steps,  to  make  this  road  safe  for  travelling,  and  prevent  a  recurrence  of  such  for  the  future.  FRIGHTFUL  SANITARY  CONDITION  OF  THE  PREST PRESTwren  wren PRESTwren  UmoN.—At  the  weekly  meeting  of  the  Prestwich  Board  of  Guardians,  this  week,  a  report  of  an  inspection  of  part  of  the  township  of  Newton  within  the  union,  by  •  the  Sanitary  Committee,  was  laid  before  the  board.  The  dis disclosures  closures disclosures  made,  reveal  to  the  world  the  shocking  social  condition  of  hundreds  and  thousands  of  our  labouring  popu population.  lation. population.  The  report  says  The  committee  on  the  17th  inst.,  visited  that  part  of  Newton,  called  Gaggs'fields,  for  the  purpose  of  visiting  certain  premises  whereon  nuisances  were  alleged  to  exist,  In  the  course  of  their  inspection,  they  found  a  state  of  things  absolutely  disgusting  and  sickening  to  witness,  and  which  it  is  impossible  truly  to  describe.  In  the  house  of  John  Grantham,  Boardman  Street,  they  found  on  a  table  a  lot  of  scraps  of  fat,  fast  putrifying,  and  hanging  up  was  a  leg  of  beef  to  be  consumed,  as  was  alleged,  by  pigs  '  •  under  the  stairs  were  two  leg  bones  of  a  cow,  the  meat  having  been  recently  cut  off  in  small  pieces,  and  not  in  joints.  Entrails  of  beasts  were  strewed  about  the  yard,  and  the  contents  of  the  privy  were  overflowing,  and  running  out  of  the  yard,  under  the  door,  into  a  little  gutter  which].  emptied  itself,  or  rather  communicated  with  a  sheet  of  water  which  accumulated  in  the  lowest  part  of  the  street,  at  the  back  of  the  house  was  generally  in  a  very  dirty  condition.  Grantham's  wife  was  very  dirty,  and  appeared  to  be  out  of  health.  All  the  houses  adjoining  Grantham's  were  in  a  state  similar  to  his  only  that  your  committee  did  not  find  in  them  any  traces  Of  beasts  having  been  slaughtered.  Your  committee  also  visited  and  entered  -many  houses  in  the  following  streets,  viz  :—Holland-street,  Booth-street,  Back  George-street,  Shooter-street,  Johnson's  Buildings,  (1),  do.  do.  (2),  Cuthbert-street,  George-street,  Mayer-street,  Back  Boundary-street,  Boundary-street,  Mary Marystreet.  street. Marystreet.  Boardman-street,  and  Grantham's  house,  may  be  taken  as  types  of  the  other  streets  and  houses.  The  com committee  mittee committee  believe,  from  information  which  they  received,  that  calves  in  a  dying  state  are  or  if  dead,  dressed  for  food  in  many  of  the  cottages.  The  meat  is  intended  for  the  Manchester  market,  and  generally  introduced  and  sold  by  gaslight,  for  sausage  meat,  potted  meat,  and  pies.  The  committee  were  assured  by  Mr.  Lancashire,  who  accompanied  them,  and  who  knows  well  the  condition  of  the  locality,  and  the  habits  of  the  residents,  that.often  in  one  day  four  or  five  beasts,  all  unfit  for  human  food,  although  sold  for  such,  are  dressed  in  some  of  the  slaughter-houses.  These  beasts  are  driven  to  the  slaughter-houses  in  a  most  emaciated  con condition,  dition, condition,  sometimes  fire  is  put  under  them  to  force  them  on,  and  ,a  ferocious  dog  was  pointed  out  to  the  committee  which  was  used  to  set  on  Jo  all  but  worry  beasts  which  were  too  far  gone.  to  be  got  to  the  slaughter-houses  by  fair  means.  In  one  little  back  square,  enclosed  on  three  sides  by  cottages,  there  is  a  piggery  capable  of  accommodating  atleast  100  pigs,  The  conamittee  specially  notice  the  condition  of  some  of  the  slaughter-lieuses..:  The  yards  are  covered  with  blood,  !entrails,  and  offal,  all  emitting  the  most  sickening  smells  ;  -  adjoining,  one  of  these,  belonging  to  Michael  Gaggs,  there  is  a  Bess.pool  in  a  back  s  treet,  closed  at  one  end,  the  cess  pool  used  exclusively  for  a  depot  for  offal  ;  at,the  time  of  the  committee's  visit  it  was  pearly  full  of  such  mattclr,  in  a  pu-  trid  or  pitrifyipg  state.  The  stTp,e,ts,gre  dirty,  tlio  houses  are  ciirty,  flip  _AtJhOitants,,4re  dirty  ;  ,  aid  eyesthg.liabits  ,of  the  little  ct.D.dren  in  theitreeti  are  most"
