text
"POLICE  COURTS.-...  V  ESTERDAY,  CELEBRATION  OF  THE  FIFTH  OF  NOVEMBER,  —Three  young  boys  named  Thomas  Wainright,  Benjamin  Garrick,  and  William  Atkinson  were  fined  for  discharging  pistols,  squibs  on  the  fifth  of  November.  The  fines  imposed  varied  from  ls.  and  costs,  to  ss.  and  costs.  CHARGE  OP  FURIOUS  DRIVING  AGAINST  A  POLICE  OFFICER.--Police-officer  M'Grane  appeared  to  answer  a  charge  preferred  against  him  by  officer  329,  of  furiously  driving  in  Great  ipeorge-street,  on  the  6th  of  November.  From  the  statement  of  the  officer,  it,  appeared  that  M'Grane  and  a  fellow  officer,  were  in  a  Whitechupel,  which  M'Grane  was  driving  at  the  rate  of  twelve  to  thirteen  miles  an  hour.  Officer  111'Grane  then  called  two  witnesses,  the  first  was  Inspector  Campbell,  who  happened  to  be  passing  through  Great  George-street,  ion  the  day  in  question,  he  considered  they  were  not  driving  faster  than  six  miles  an  hour,  although  he  remarked  they  were  cutting  rather  John  Connoly,  a  cab  driver,  was  next  called,  he  stated  that  when  they  were  passing  St.  James's  stand,  they  were  going  very  slowly—about  five  miles  an  hour.  Mr.  Mansfield  said  the  officer  must  have  committed  a  most  gross  mistake,  and  cautioned  him  to  be  more  careful  for  the  future.  Capt  Greig  said  it  would  be  very  bad  to  have  dissension  or  bad  feeling  amongst  the  officers,  and  he  would  remove  329  to  thelNorth  Division.__  CLAIM  FOR  SEAMxN's  WAGES.—Robert  Hughes,  chief  mate  of  the  ship  ,Matoga  summoned  the  owners  for  wages.  He  had  shipped  at  St.  John's,  New  Brunswick,  at  £lO  a  month  (currency)  the  rest  of  the  crew  had  shipped  by  the  run.  He  now  claimed  one  month's  wages.  Mr.  Chilton  appeared  for  the  owners,  and  Mr.  Campbell  for  the  plaintiff.  The  defence  was  that  the  claimant  had  been  on  Thursday  week  convicted  before  the  magistrates  of  making  away  with  some  of  the  ship's  stores,  for  which  offence  he  had  been  convicted  and  fined,  and  it  was  , STYLE=superscript  con contended  tended contended  by  Mr.  Chilton  that  he  had,  by  this  offence,  for forfeited  feited forfeited  his  wages.  Mr.  Campbell  said  that  no  penalty  was  to  be  taken  from  wages  except  in  the  way  of  fine,  and  that  thoso  wages  were  due  before  the  offence  was  committed.  Mr.  Mansfield  said  that  if  the  conviction  had  taken  place  under  the  Mercantile  Marine  Act,  the  wages  would  have  been  ;forfeited  ;  but  as  the  parties  choose  to  have  their  con conviction  viction conviction  under  the  Local  Act,  they  had  cut  themselves  out  from  this  remedy.  An  order  for  the  amount  claimed  was  given.  SMUGGLING.—Tohn  Norman  was  charged  with  smuggling  11  lb.  of  foreign  manufactured  tobacco,  found  concealed  on  Ins  person.  The  prisoner  in  his  defence  said  he  did  not  know  what  would  be  the  consequence.  He  was  ordered  to  pay  17s.  6d.,  or  go  to  gaol  for  7  days.  SUSPECTED  ROBBERY  OF  WEARING  APPAREL.  —Mary  Kelly,  was  charged  by  Mary  Corton  with  stealing  a  jacket,  a  dress,  an  apron,  and  several  other  articles  of  wearing  ap apparel.  parel. apparel.  The  apron  was  found  upon  her  when  she  was  given  in  charge,  and  was  identified  by  the  prosecutrix,  and  she  admitted  she  had  pledged  the  jacket  at  a  pawnbroker's  in  Park-lane,  but  that  she  had  lost  the  ticket.  Remanded.  REmANns.—Sarah  Johnson  was  remanded  to  this  day,  charged  with  stealing  Is.  6d.  from  Joseph  Ward,  labourer,  in  a  public-house  in  Dale-street,  on  Tuesday  afternoon.  Elizabeth  Nolan  was  remanded  to  this  day,  charged  with  offering  for  sale  to  Richard  Stake,  on  Tuesday  last,  a  coat  stolen  from  George  Spill,  St.  George's-street,  clothier,  in  whose  employment  she  was.  ,  Maria  Trrienzan  was  remanded  for  seven  days,  charged  with  stealing  a  gown  from  71,  Warnett-street,  where  it  was  left  to  be  washed.  The  woman  of  the  house  mentioned  that  she  washed  for  servants  in  the  Adelphi  Hotel,  and  that  know knowing  ing knowing  prisoner  to  have  been  housemaid  at  Mr.  Cooper's,  dentist,  she  had  given  her  a  lodging.  ROBBERIES  or  EMPLOYERS.—John  Goodwin,  a  young  lad,  was  charged  by  Mrs.  Calvert,  toy-shop,  Bold-street,  in  whose  employment  he  was,  with  abstracting  a  quantity  of  silver  and  gold  pencil  cases,  coral  beads,  bracelets,  and  other  pro property,  perty, property,  to  the  value  of  £7,  from  her  shop.  The  property  was  missed  on  the  21st  of  October.  A  boy,  named  James  Kirk,  proved  to  having  often  seen  prisoner  exhibiting  articles  in  the  street,  such  as  case-boxes  with  knives,  pencil  cases,  &amp;c.  Some  pencil  cases  were  produced,  found  on  the  prisoner,  which  Mrs.  Calvert  could  not  identify.  He  was  generally  remanded  for  further  inquiry.  Joseph  Porter,  carter  in  the  employment  of  '  Mrs.  Robin Robinson,  son, Robinson,  5,  Leathern-alley,  was  charged  by  his  employer  with  ombezzling  thirty-five  shillings,  due  to  her  by  various  parties  for  cartage,  by  producing  false  receipts.  He  had  suddenly  left  the  employment  when  the  money  was  about  being  called  in.  Remanded  for  seven  days,  in  order  that  the  receipts  may  be  produced.  •  THE  ROBBERY  OF  WEARING  APPAREL  AT  THE'  WEST  DERBY  WORKHOUSE.—John  Jackson,  John  Harrison,  and  William  Lithgoe,  charged  with  stealing  wearing  apparel  from  the  workhouse.of  the  West  Derby  Union,  on  the  21st  of  September,  were  again  put  forward.  Jackson  was  sen sentenced  tenced sentenced  to  two  months'  imprisonment.  No  additional  evidence  being  adduced  against  the  other  two  prisoners,  they  were  discharged.  Snor-LtPrnrci.  —.Patrick  Curley  was  charged  with  steal stealing  ing stealing  a  bottle  of  wine  from  Mr.  Bentley's  store,  in  Lime  -street.  His  shopman  saw  prisoner  handing  the  bottle  to  a  receiver,  and  three  or  four  other  boys  were  in  his  company  at  the  r.t.3oner  was  also  convicted  or  stealing  a  drum  or  currants  from  a  grocer's  in  Berry-street.  He  was  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprisonment.  ROBBERY  OF  A  TWENTY-FOUND  NOTE  BY  A  FEMALE  SERVANT.  —Joanna  Russell  was  charged  under  the  following  circumstances.  She  was  female  servant  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Terence  M'Camley,  of  Hopwood-street.  On  Tuesday  evening  she  went  into  the  establishment  of  Mr.  Congrieffe,  publican,  of  Truenutu-street,  and  tendered  a  bunk  note  in  paymeut  of  seven  shillings  and  twopence,  a  liquor  debt  which  she  had  contracted  on  Monday  night,  in  the  name  of  a  Mr.  Dwyer.  Mr.  Congrieffe  finding  that  the  note  was  of  the  Bank  'if  England,  for  twenty  pounds,  entertained  some  suspicions  that  she  had  not  come  by  it  honestly.  He  therefore  gave  the  woman  two  shillings  and  tenpence  to  make  up  ten  shillings,  telling  her  to  call  in  the  morning  for  £l9  10s.  Next  morning  he  saw  Mr.  Dwyer,  who  knew  nothing  whatsoever  of  the  transaction.  Prisoner  was  then  arrested,  and  gave  several  contradictory  accounts  of  the  manner  in  which  she  had  come  into  possession  of  the  note.  •  Mr.  M'Camley  had  missed  a  ten  pound  note  out  of  a  drawer  which  he  always  kept  locked.  Mr.  Clough  having  sent  a  detective  officer  to  the  house,  he  examined  the  drawer  which  was  one  of  a  chest.  He  could  not  find  any  sign  of  the  drawer  or  lock  having  been  tampered  with,  but  on  examining,  he  found  that,  by  taking  out  a  top  drawer,  which  was  not  locked,  a  hand  might  be  inserted  through  a  partition  in  the  back,  and  anything  taken  out  of  the  drawer  where  the  money  was  kept.  Mr.  M'Camley  could  not  identify  the  note,  but  said  the  person  who  paid  it  to  him  would  be  able  to  do  so.  The  case  was  remanded  to  this  day  for  Cite  required  link  of  evideUce.  DEATH  OF  A  LIVERPOOL  PRIZE  FIGHTER:-  INQ  REST,  AND  VERDICT  OF  MAN-  SLAUGHTER.'  Yesterday  an  inquest  was  held  before  the  deputy  borough  coroner,  touching  the  death  of  James  Gill,  mentioned  in  our  issue  of  yesterday..  :  David  Gill,  brother  to  the  deceased,  detailed  some  of  the  circumstances  of  the  case.  He  went  with  deceased  by  railway,  from  the  Titheborn-street  station  on  Thursday  last,  with  about  fifty  other  persons  ;  and  about  eight  or  nine  miles  out  in  the  country,  a  fight  took  place  between  the  deceased  and  Frank  Donnelly.  Each  had  two  seconds,  and  one  of  Donelly's  seconds  was  called  Nobby  and  another  second  was  New  castle  Ja  but  he  knew  none  of  the  other  parties.  He  heard  that  a  person  named  Brannon  was  a  second  of  deceased.  It  was  a  fair  fight,  and  lasted  thirty thirtyfive  five thirtyfive  minutes.  They  both  struck  each  other  whenever  they  could  get  a  chance.  TT  i  believed  it  to  have  been  a  prize  fight  for  £2O  a  side.  Tae  deceased  was  said  to  have  won.  John  Augustus  Somers,  house  surgeon  at  St.  Ann's  dis dispensary,  pensary, dispensary,  was  called  t  see  Gill  on  Saturday  morning.  He  found  him  suffering  fru;a  severe  inflammation  of  an  erysipela erysipelatous  tous erysipelatous  character  of  the  left  side  of  the  neck,  extending  over  the  jaws  and  face.  His  left  eye  was  blackened.  He  did  not  see  him  on  Sunday,  as  he  expected  he  would  have  been  removed  to  the  infirmary,  which  he  had  advised,  and  when  he  called  on  Monday  morning  he  was  dead.  He  had  since  made  a  post  mortem  examination  of  the  body,  and  found  deep  contusions  over  the  side  of  the  jaw  and  neck,  and  an  abcess  formed  over  the  angle  of  the  jaw.  He  considered  the  cause  of  death  to  have  been  the  inflammation  extending  through  the  glottis  to  the  windpipe.  Mr.  Richard  Yates  Ackerley,  surgeon,  who  also  attended  him,  gave  evidence  to  a  similar  effect.  Mary  Pders  deposed  to  the  death  of  Gill,  at  five  o'clock  on  Monday  morning,  at  his  lodgings,  Barlow-street.  A  verdict  of  manslaughter  was  returned  against_Frank  Donnelly,  as  principal,  and  dive's  other  persons,  to  the  jurors  at  present  unknown,  for  aiding-and  abbetting.  The  parties  engaged  in  the  prosecution,  it  was  stated,  (but  not  in  evidence),  went  on  Tuesday  in  a  boat  to  the  Great  Ormes-head,  as  the  fight  should  have  come  off  on  that  day,  but  the  weather  was  so  rough  they  could  not  land.  li  MIRACULOUS  ESCAPE.--An  accident,  which  might  have  been  attended  with  fatal  consequences,  occurred  at  the  Tiverton-road  station  of  the  Bristol  and  Exeter  railway  last  Tuesday.  A  gentleman's  carriage  was  proceeding  to  the  station  for  the  purpose  of  fetching  the  owner,  who  was  expected  to  arrive  by  the  mail  train.  The  carriage  was  but  a  short  distance  from  the  station,  when  the  shrill  whistle  of  the  approaching  .  train  was:heard.  The  horses,  which  were  sptrited  ones,  took  fright  .at  the  sound,  and  broke  away  from  the  driver,  who  lost  all  control  over  them.  In  an  instant  they  broke  through  the  railing  which  protected  the  embankment  of  the  railway,  and  horses,  carriage,  and  driver  were  •  precipitated  over  a  height  of  40  feet.  The  -guard  of  the  train,  which  had  arrived,  witnessed  the  acci accident,  dent, accident,  and  at  once  conclud  , STYLE=superscript  d  that  both  man  and  horses  were  dashed  to  pieces  ;  but,  strange  to  relate,  it  was  found  that  they  had  fallen  to  the  bottom  without  sustaining  the  least  ,iujury—the  only  thing  damaged  being  one  of  the  traces.  'That  makes  the  escape  more  marvellous  is  the  fact  that  the  piece  of  ground  on  which  the  carriage  and  horses  alighted  was  but  just  wide  enough  for  them  to  stand  upon  Witheutlalling  into  a  ditch  containing  four  feet  of  water,  which  adjoins  the  piece  of  ground.  This  also  was  fortunately  escaped,  and  the  carriage,  horses,  and  driver  were,  after  some  labour,  brought  to  the  station  in  safety.  COUNTY  COURT.—  YESTERDAY.  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ.,  JUDGE).  RICHARD  IVILLIAMS  PRICHARD  and  WILLIAM  RUSIITO:t  COULBORN  V.  EDMUND  PRESTON  and  CALEB  DAVID  IV-a  s°. STYLE=superscript  —The  plaintiffs  are  merchants  in  this  town,  and  the  defen defendants  dants defendants  are  shipbrokers  carrying  on  business  also  in  this  town.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  compensation  for  darting:  and  injury,  through  careless  and  improper  stowage,  to  cargo  of  iron,  conveyed  from  Belfast  to  Liverpool  on  be  the  Panope,  on  the  28th  November,  1862.  Mr.  Gamow  appeared  for  the  plaintiffs,  and  appliedjer  an  adjournment  of  the  case  to  May,  1854.  The  applina4  was  based  on  an  affidavit  by  one  of  the  defendants,  ww_,  set  forth  that  the  captain  of  the  Panope  was  n  ecessal STYLE=superscript  l  witness  for  their  defence,  and  that  the  Panope  would  2  0 STYLE=superscript  ;  return  from  Constantinople  to  Liverpool  until  the  month  Of  May  or  June  next.  After  some  discussion  between  fi  r STYLE=superscript  '  Grocott  and  Mr.  Hime,  who  appeared  for  the  plaintiffs,,,,7  to  the  defendants'  lodging  in  court  the  amount  of  t STYLE=superscript  'w  compensation  claimed,  £5O,  His  Hoisrox  said  that  he  did  not  consider  it  a  ease  e  l STYLE=superscript  l  which  he  should  order  the  money  to  be  lodged;  and  adjourn  the  further  hearing  of  the  matter  to  February,  Mr.  Grocnr°  to  have  liberty  to  move  then,  if  necessary,  for  a  furth  er STYLE=superscript  adjournment.  OMNIBUS  COLLISION.  —FORD  v.  WEST.—Mr.  Gocoll  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  Mr.  John  Ford,  late  omnibus  proprietor,  now  a  licensed  victualler  in  Old  Hall-street;  and  Mr.  C.  HUGHES  was  for  the  defendant,  Mr.  J°  ll4 STYLE=superscript  West  Carter,  19,  Duke-street,  Great  Homer-street.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  £5  17s.  for  datuage  done  by  the  defendant's  cart  to  the  plaintiff's  om  nibus  b/  corning  in  collision  with  it  in  Great  Howard-strej!  The  plaintiff's  omnibus  was  proceeding  to  Crosby,  Ibot6  four  o'clock,  on  the  20th  of  last  August,  and  when  n  ear  th  e  e STYLE=superscript  a  borough  gaol,  in  Great  Howard-street,  the  driver  o  bserc  the  cart  of  the  defendant  approaching.  The  road  at  6  15 STYLE=superscript  point  being  very  narrow,  and  a  portion  of  it,  moreoTerl  being  torn  up  at  the  time  for  repairing  ;  the  driver  ar  some  gentlemen  on  the  omnibus  called  out  to  the  carter  t°  stop  until  the  omnibus  passed.  This  he  neglected  to  d°  , STYLE=superscript  e  but  quickening  his  pace,  came  in  collision  with  ti  l STYLE=superscript  ed  omnibus,  which  was  going  very  slow  at  the  time,  and  cat  the  injury  for  which  compensation  was  now  sought.  His  HONOR  gave  £5  damages,  to  be  paid  in  thre  e STYLE=superscript  monthly  payments.  From  the  number  of  summonses  for  small  amoun  ts STYLE=superscript  '  ranging  between  two  and  four  shillings,  his  li  o STYLE=superscript  '  g STYLE=superscript  te  observed,  while  condemning  such  actions,  that  51 STYLE=superscript  could  not  conceive  how  working  men  in  Liverre  ° STYLE=superscript  could-dispute  such  claims,  and  in  doing  so,  not  only  be  0°  1 STYLE=superscript  :  pelled  to  pay  the  debt  and  the  costs  attendant  on  the  act  in STYLE=superscript  but  also  lose  their  day's  work.  THE:  OPERA  IN  PAnis.—The  Parisians  pay  well  f STYLE=superscript  be  lN STYLE=superscript  pleasure,  and  their  new  Italian  Opera  promises  to  i  ,  prosperous,  if  money  can  .  give  it  success.  Mdlle.  S  t  II STYLE=superscript  bt  Cruvelli,  for  singing  two  nights  in  the  week  during  e'!  r  i  months,  is  to  get  4,000/.  ;  and  if  she  sings  a  third  nigh'  e,  the  week,  601.  is  to  be  paid  for  the  single  perform  anc STYLE=superscript  o  This  engagement  lasts  for  1854  and  1855.  In  185  5 STYLE=superscript  sl  ic STYLE=superscript  n  g  to  get,  in  addition,  2;0001.  for  two  months'  singing  dur STYLE=superscript  the  Great  Exhibition.  +  CURE  FOR  CANCER.---The  Augsburg  Zeitung  0  4 STYLE=superscript  Dr.  Landolfi,  Physician  to  the  King  of  Naples,  Profess°lo  the  University,  and  director  of  the  principal  hospital  ef  li  e  s  city,  has  discovered  a  method  for  the  cure  of  cancer,  not  in  its  worst  and  last  stage.  Dr.  Landolfi  had  been  s STYLE=superscript  ,ty  mooed  to  Munich  about  three  months  ago  to  attend  a  ';',f  of  rank,  whose  cure  he  has  effected,  as  well  as  that  of  av  others,  during  his  visit  to  that  city.  It  is  expected  t  1 STYLE=superscript  0  ,  0.,  will  speedily  publish  a  work  on  the  subject  of  his  dise  o STYLE=superscript  ,  4  o  which  will  be  an  inestimable  boon  to  suffering  huma  ni STYLE=superscript  ,,  i  `j  o  st  one  of  the  severest  shapes  of  disease.  Several  of  the  'l3l.  distinguished  physicians  of  Munich  were  present  tit,  hio  Landolfi's  interviews  with  his  patients,  and  w  itnesse%  to  happy  treatment  of  them.  Dr.  Landolfi  has  left  IVinn'  e STYLE=superscript  .  e  tecl  attend  a  princess  in  the  north  of  Germany,  who  is  with  cancer,  and  will  return  to  Naples  by  way  of  Vienn:  o  ,  MANCHESTER,  SHEFFIELD,  AND  LECCOLNSHIRE  Oti  WAY.  —At  a  meeting  of  the  directors  of  this  company'  Friday,  the  committee  of  investigation  appointed  en  b  oe  Bth  of  June  presented  their  report.  It  states  that  theY  Poe  visited  the  stations  and  docks,  and  examined  the  eils.tioa  and  proposed  traffic  arrangements.  The  financial  P°slot,  of  the  company  is,  that  there  remain  available  asset  s STYLE=superscript  awe STYLE=superscript  ing  to  £708,517,  aga  i  ns  t  w  hi  c  h  the  liabilities  for  new  v  i STYLE=superscript  ne  &amp;C.,  are  £682,  93  7  .  Th  e  tota  l  expen  di  ture  w  in  then,  o  ,  £8,243,236,  leaving  a  b  a  l  ance  o  f  £  2  5  ,58  0  for  an  There  had  been  in  this,  as  in  other  lines  excessive  °  f  parliamentary  expenses,  and  a  large  outfay  i  n  the  Inn  '  fi  lli STYLE=superscript  n  b STYLE=superscript  e  ko  extensions.  The  Lincolnshire  lines  and  the  GrinishY  yielded  a  very  inadequate  return.  The  new  ratot  e STYLE=superscript  dhceri  Watkins,  of  the  London  and  North  Western,  w  he STYLE=superscript  i  ,„  i  dd  re'  appointed  with  the  concurrence  of  the  committe  e STYLE=superscript  /  s- STYLE=superscript  c  ip  ce  lor  model  the  establishment,  and  give  his  whole  time  to  ;roe  ing  the  traffic  and  reducinm  the  expenditure.  Th  e STYLE=superscript  a STYLE=superscript  d  36f  ment  made  with  the  London  : STYLE=superscript  and  North  Western  felie  refi  land  for  seven  years  from  March,  18.50,  must  be  3 STYLE=superscript  ;„  1 STYLE=superscript  -are  though  it  was  not  satisfactory,  and  should  he,  r  igsb.Y  , STYLE=superscript  th  o  f  favourable  opportunities  might  ai-ise.  was  a  want  of  steam  communication  Vil  t4 STYLE=superscript  ,  a  vil  CO- STYLE=superscript  t  Europe,  and,  unless  the  North  of  Europe  ts  In  e STYLE=superscript  ,A  6 STYLE=superscript  (Lute('  Lnei..  .1(11  uaul  E  ,f,  be  made  with  others.  The  expectations  formerlY  o STYLE=superscript  n'  o  oo3'  of  reducing  the  working  expenses  had  not  been  r STYLE=superscript  o  f  the  They  had  not  been  reduced  much  below  60  gross  receipts.  The  committee  were  of  opinion  that  r  ecorieo°  should  be  offered  to  any  of  the  servants  for  devisingese  s  is  mical  methods  of  working.  The  report  lays  down  t  e STYLE=superscript  d  ote  rules  of  policy  for  the  directors  :-1.  No  further  esPe  n STYLE=superscript  su  f  ay  without  absolute  necessity.  2.  No  new  lines  but  tbooti,  thorised  for  coal.  3.  No  parliamentary  expenses  with  so  f  nifest  necessity.  4.  Arbitration  to  be  offered  in  all  e  e STYLE=superscript  i  s STYLE=superscript  o  e STYLE=superscript  de'  difference.  5.  The  manager  to  apply  his  whole  time  C  o.  velop  the  traffic  and  reduce  the  expenditure.  6 STYLE=superscript  .  A STYLE=superscript  D  th  e STYLE=superscript  mittee  of  directors  to  communicate  with  other  boards  t  wat  same  subjects.  The  report  concludes  with  the  beli9,  to  ce,  there  is  vitality  enough  in  the  concern  to  give  it  a  fair  eiL  t  be  if  they  had  vigorous  and  united  counsels,  but  there  nil'  per  cent.  ova  harmony  between  the  directors  and  the  shareholders.  coy  JiIOW:TO  TURN  A  THIEF  TO  PROFITABLE  ACCOUNT.  :  0  ,  1  of  necticut  has  a  summary  way  of  her  own  of  disP°  s STYLE=superscript  V  a  ir  public  nuisances.  At  the  late  fair  in  Stamford  of  the  icy'  field  County  Agricultural  Society,  a  notorious  English  1) STYLE=superscript  a  ct  pocket  named  Ned  Hammond,  was  arrested  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  r STYLE=superscript  ote'  of  rifling  the  personal  treasury  of  a  solid  country  ge  ntle STYLE=superscript  /  3(3e  r STYLE=superscript  Ned  was  promptly  tried,  convicted,  and  sentenced,  near  , STYLE=superscript  the  name  of  to  the  state  prison  for  threes  or,  His  capture  was  adroitly  turned  to  the  benefit  of  thee  Rea  for,  as  he  hadvictimiied  several  persons  on  the  ground,  d  placed  on  the  last  day  among  the  other  curiosities  (  in STYLE=superscript  9.  t.  refs  to  be  looked  at),  and  as  a  consequence  the  receipts  for  of  admittance  on  that  occasion  ran  $lOO  ahead  of  the  .41  nary  amount.—.Arew  York  Post.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIME  S STYLE=superscript  '  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  and  M  OO  ° STYLE=superscript  simultaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  ----  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTION:  IN  LIVERPOOL.  OUT  OF  LIVEI  O STYLE=superscript  2  Term  for  In  advance  On  Credit  In  advance.  On  Cr  -  -  0  A  Year  ..  £'3  0  o£4  0  0  £3  10  0  ~  4 STYLE=superscript  10  6  Half  year..  .e  1  11  6£2  2  0  £1  18  0  £2  Quarter  ...  .eo  19  6£l  5  0  £0  19  6  di  5 STYLE=superscript  ---  1  i  II  Single  Papers  3d.  I  Single  Papers  ir'...--&#34;  V STYLE=superscript  a  01 STYLE=superscript  a  il  Subscribers  who  do  not  pay  their  Subscriptions  withintto;%,  0  i  i  i  l  days  after  they  be  .ome  due,  will  be  charged,  when  payment  to  credit  price  for  all  papers  that  may  have  been  supplied  :9  period  of  payment.  •  ADVERTISEMENTS.  f  th  e STYLE=superscript  6  Advertisers  are  given  the  full  benefit  of  the  Repeal  oo  'a  Their  announcements  are  inserted  at  the  following  Scale  of  fer;:i  i  5 STYLE=superscript  if  pre-p  yment  is  made.  Monthly  credit  is  only  given  t  0,,  ,, STYLE=superscript  advertisers,  and  an  addition  of  ten  per  cent.  is  charged  f  11  ,, STYLE=superscript  it  not  made  on  or  before  the  10th  of  each  month.  The  follo  w STYLE=superscript  '  scale  of  //i  s  d  1,2,0r3  lines  10  4  ors  „  16  6or  7  „  20  Sorg  „  26  barges  for  Si:  s  d  10  or  11  lines  3  0  i  12  or  13  „  3  6  14  or  15  „  40  i  16  or  17  „  46  Ingle  Insertions-  s  d  18  or  ig  lines,  5  0  20  or  21  „  5  6  22,  23,  or  24,  6  0  25,  26,  or  27,6  6  /  'e,  l  2  8,  3r,  9  1  31  ,  o  34,  ''  of  37,  S'  And  Sixpence  for  every  Additional  two  1ine!  .  ....../  Scale  of  Prices  for  Contract  AdvertiseMe  nt STYLE=superscript  &gt;  PAYABLE  IN  ADVANCE.  j  olA  i STYLE=superscript  One  Month  3  Months  6  Months  19 STYLE=superscript  ;  - STYLE=superscript  $.  1 STYLE=superscript  ,1  3 STYLE=superscript  .  07  26  or  78  or  156  Insertions.  Insertions.  Insertions  . STYLE=superscript  '  1'  _____.  i  ,  9  £  s.  d.  .e  s.  d.  .t'  s.  d.  s  6 STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  Ito  3  lines  ..  12  0  215  0  415  0  1  0  2  il  0  ,  4or  5  lines  ..  113  0  4  2  6  7  2  6  i  t  4  0  6or  7  lines  ..  2  5  0  6  0  0  11  0  0  9  7  0  8,9,  or  10  lines  37  0  815  0  15  15  0  0  lti  0  1,12,  or  13lines  49  0  11  10  0  20 STYLE=superscript  10 STYLE=superscript  0  44  14,15,0r161ines  511  0  14  5  0  2  5 STYLE=superscript  5  0  0  0  lor  every  additi-  8  Fonal  31ines  or  12  0  215  0  415  0  ,  ..------  less.—  -  ---  .  o  tv  AGENTS  IN  THE  COUNT  R STYLE=superscript  Y STYLE=superscript  '.,.s  i STYLE=superscript  cir  A5ht0n........  Mr.  Kerrigan.  I  Preston....  •••  .  •  I  n  es STYLE=superscript  itoo  fillSe'  AGENTS  IN  T  Ashton  Mr.  Kerrigan.  Birmingham  Mr.  Cooper.  E.  &amp;  C.  'Mansell.  Burnley  Mr.  Lutcliffe.  Bolton.  ...  Y.  ~,•00  ,  0  ,esto ,estoo,; STYLE=superscript  o,; ,estoo,;  ng  Runcorn...  •••  .  v  wo  rt  Rochdale...  •  •  •  .  11  10  11i STYLE=superscript  1O  rP STYLE=superscript  ti  e STYLE=superscript  St.  H  I  ,  l STYLE=superscript  r  oto  I,lo  s  13  :  3 STYLE=superscript  0,0  :  4  Soulleport..  .....  ga  ,  Stockport....  •  •  •  it.  lid  e STYLE=superscript  lpl  e STYLE=superscript  91  IVigan.  •  •  •  •  •  •  •  •  31r5.  IVoollon.  •  •  •  •  •  'i  ,  per  ,  Wigan.........  gessriitV_ol,  „  .flg  s STYLE=superscript  pi°  ' STYLE=superscript  Dir''  800t1e...  Barnsley  Richard  Pybus.  Chorley...  Crewe  Mary  Cotton.  Mr.  Horrop.  R.  &amp;  H.  Taylor.  Douglas..  Mrs.  Quiggins.  Holyhead.  H.  G.  Hughes.  Huddersfield,  Edward  Clayton.  Hyde..  George  Booth.  Macclesfield....  Mr.  Shuttleworth  Prniskirk..  .....  William  Garside.  Orescot...  Thomas  Traverse  Preston  James  Lambert.  PUBLISHING  OFFICES,  LIVERPOOL,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  ST.  Id  NCHESTER,  9,  PRINCESS  ST.  of  4,  Sts STYLE=superscript  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  Wll—'llfl  Oxford  'Street,  at  his  General  . STYLE=superscript  Printing.  c-,,,-01.  Establishment,  19,  South  John  Street,  Liverl6ss,  THURSDAY.  NOVEMBER,  17i"
