text
"DAYLIGHT  REFLECTORS.  TT  having  come  to  the  knowledge  of  C.  TROUPEAII,  the  Original  Inventor,  and  sole  Patentee  of  the  DIURNAL  REFLECTOR,  manufactured  by  Appointment  to  Her  ➢lajesty,  that  one  of  his  late  servants,  viz.,  Chappuis,  is  infringing  his  patent  in  some  large  provincial  towns,  and  the  said  Chappuis  having  been  formerly  declared  an  un unprincipled  principled unprincipled  defaulter  to  Charles  Troupeau,  as  the  subjoined  extract  from  the  award  of  C.  Hance,  Esq.,  barrister  and  ar arbitrator  bitrator arbitrator  in  the  matter  of  Troupeau  v  Chappuis,  groves  :  Charles  Troupeau,  relying  on  the  utility  of  his  invention  and  his  own  integrity,  respectfully  solicits  the  patronage  of  the  Public,  in  the  conviction  that  they  will  not  countenance  fraud  in  any  shape  or  mode,  or  by  whomsoever  practised.  EXTRACT:  an  action  in  her  Majesty's  Court  of  Exchequer,  the  said  arbitrator  has  awarded  and  ordered,  viz.:  lst.—That  full  payment  be  made  by  Chappius  to  Ch.  Troupeau,  of  the  moneys  received  and  wrongfully  detained  by  Chappius  on  balance  of  account,  viz.,  £175.  restitution  of  the  Diurnal  Reflectors,  metal,  frames,  various  fittings  and  goods,  wrongfully  detained  by  the  said  Chappius,  to  the  extent,  in  the  aggregate,  of  1,746  square  feet.  3rd.—That  £6O  Damages  be  paid  by  Chappuis  to  Charles  Troupeau,  for  certain  breaches  of  duty,  and  breaches  of  promises,  committed  by  the  said  Chappius,  while  acting  as  Agent  to  Charles  Troupeau.  4th.—That  the  whole  cost  of  the  proceedings,  and  of  the  award,  be  paid  by  the  said  Head  Office  at  London,  Chas.  Troupeau,  22,  Middle-row,  Holborn.  Head  Office  at  Paris,  4,  Cite  Trevise.  Prospectuses,  and  all  particulars,  free  of  charge,  on  appli application  cation application  to  William  Bennett,  Manager,  55,  Mount  Pleasant,  and  Mr.  Thos.  Dodd,  Lead  and  Glass  Warehouse,  74,  Dale Dalestreet,  street, Dalestreet,  Liverpool.  DECIMAL  COINAGE.  PRICE  ONE  SHILLING.  AN  EXAMINATION  of  the  Report  and  Evi Evidence  dence Evidence  of  the  Committee  of  the  House  of  Commons,  on  DECIMAL  COINAGE,  with  reference  to  a  Simpler,  Sounder,  and  more  comprehensive  mode  of  proceeding,  by  THEODORE  W.  RATHBONE,  ESQ.  Stare  super  antiquas  vial.  London,  SAXES  RIDGWA.Y  :  Liverpool,  DEIGHTON  and  LAUGHTON,  and  all  Booksellers.  91HE  NEW  YORK  ILLUSTRATED  NEWS  is  supplied  in  England  only  by  CHARLES  WILLMER  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  -STREET,  LIVERPOOL.  Annual  Subscrip Subscription,  tion, Subscription,  (including  postage,)  15s.  in  advance.  Specimens  on  hand.  AMERICAN  BOOKS  AND  PUBLICATIONS  IMPORTED,  in  large  or  small  quantities,  by  CHARLES  WILLMER.  Orders  addressed  to  19,  SOUTH  Joux-  STREET,  LIVERPOOL,  Will  have  attention,  if  only  for  a  Single  Book.  THE  TIMES  and  all  the  other  DAILY  and  WEEKLY  LONDON  NEWSPAPERS  supplied  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  from  his  UNIVERSAL  NEWSPAPER  OFFICES,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  -STREET,  LIVERPOOL,  COMMERCIAL  BUILDINGS,  BELFAST,  or  19,  ANN  -STREET,  NEW  YORK.  ACCOUNT  BOOKS  of  every  description  made  to  Order,  in  the  best  style,  on  the  shortest  notice,  and  at  reasonable  prices,  at  CHARLES  WILLMER'S  WHOLESALE  STATIONERY  ESTABLISHMENT,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  STREET,  LIVERPOOL.  ORTHLA.S  A.S  I  .  DVER,TISEINIENS  intended  to  be  read  by  the  Gentry  and  other  Inhabitants  of  North  Lancashire  should  appear  in  the  PRESTON  CHRONICLE.  Having  been  established  above  forty  years,  it  enjoys  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes.  Its  scale  of  charges  for  Advertisements  is  moderate,  having  been  reduced  since  the  abolition  of  the  Advertisement  Duty.  When  pre-paid,  which  can  be  done  by  postage  stamps,  Advertisements  of  4  lines,  or  30  words,  are  inserted  for  Is.  6d.,  and  8  lines,  or  60  words,  for  25.--Published  every  Saturday  morning,  at  23,  Fishergate,  Preston.  rill-1E  CARLISLE  JOURNAL  (Established  1708)  .1  a  most  eligible  medium  for  Advertisements  in  the  Northern  Counties,  in  which  it  chiefly  circulates.  its  average  weekly  circulation,  as  shown  by  the  last  parliamen parliamentary  tary parliamentary  return,  is  .3,230  COPIES  WEEKLY;  which  is  nearly  three  times  greater  than  that  of  the  next  newspaper  in  Cumberland,  and  considerably  larger  than  the  united  circulation  of  all  the  other  papers  in  the  county.  SCALE  OF  CHARGES  FOR  ADVERTISEMENTS.  Lines.  Charge.  Lines.  Charge.  1  to  3  4  to  5  ..  6to  7  ..........  2  0  I  28  to  29  Bto  9  .  ......  ..  2  6  30  to  31  10  to  11  12  to  13  14  to  15  ..  ......  4  0  36  to  37  _  _  _  16  to  17  4  6  18  to  19  5  0  20  to  21  ..  .  ....  6  6  38  to  39  ....  .....  10  0  40  to  41  ..........  10  6  42  to  43  .......  ....  11  0  22  to  23  .  6  0  I  44  to  45  ......  11  6  And  so  on,  adding  sixpence  for  every  additional  two  lines.  Estimates  forwarded  on  application  for  Advertisements  requiring  frequent  repetition.  The  Carlisle  Journal  is  published  early  every  Friday  morn.  ing,  by  Messrs.  J.  and  R.  STEEL,  3,  English-street,  to  whoa*  all  orders  and  advertisements  must  be  addressed.  P1_TB00188 01  1  ,  -- STYLE=superscript  ••  •  .....  IJ.  Liston  ..  2000  I  Ditto  .  •  —is  51.1115  W  are  all  first  class,  and  have  made  the  faste  st STYLE=superscript  passages  on  ke;;liot  t  ,'  sl STYLE=superscript  r  'tween  decks  are  lofty  and  thoroughly  ventilated.—  t%  rph  tild  water  are  put  on  board  for  20 STYLE=superscript  weeks  , STYLE=superscript  un  der STYLE=superscript  Govern Govern, STYLE=superscript  , Govern,  — STYLE=superscript  and  carry  experienced  Surgeons.  JAMES  BAINES  &amp;  CO.,  6,  Cook-street,  Liverpool.  P1_TB00189 A,  4 STYLE=superscript  LINE  OF  AUSTRALIAN  PACKETS.  11 STYLE=superscript  le  ~  4 STYLE=superscript  4,,  Will  be  dispatched  on  the  20 STYLE=superscript  th  November.  -•,  and  highest-classed  Ship  now  loading,  and  will  deliver  4  \  Goods  on  the  Wharf.  /f.=  A  For  MELBOURNE,  `,...4.7  The  magnificent  new  Liverpool-built  Ship,  '  7-  •  MARION  MOORE,  JAMES  TWEED'S,  Commander  ;  ILltis,;  eii  1,037  tons  register  ;A  1 STYLE=superscript  at  Ll  o STYLE=superscript  yd'  s STYLE=superscript  for STYLE=superscript  13 STYLE=superscript  y  ears. STYLE=superscript  •  k  - STYLE=superscript  a-Irtiourn  Ship  has  just  completed  her  First  Voyage  from  IV%  t  4„.  Melbourne,  thence  to  Bombay.  and  back STYLE=superscript  to STYLE=superscript  Liver STYLE=superscript  p  ool, STYLE=superscript  )42  es  t  :  4 STYLE=superscript  iths  and  a  half,  being  quicker  than  any  o STYLE=superscript  t  her STYLE=superscript  Shi STYLE=superscript  p  durin STYLE=superscript  g  icts  Is  undoubtedly  the  best  conveyance  on  the  Berth  ;  and  tou_  f  or  °  l  pportunity  to  Shippers  rarely  met  with..  The  aceomrno aceomrnoassengers  assengers aceomrnoassengers  are  of  a  very  superior  description,  embracing  I  t STYLE=superscript  'st'd,,,  e  o  or  p  r  In  offered.  *at  t  :  l STYLE=superscript  ght  and  Passage  apply  to  Messrs.  CHARLES  MOORE  and  itt  p.  JAMES  BAINES  and  Co.,  6 STYLE=superscript  ,  Cook  - STYLE=superscript  street.  Ih  tii  r  .,,  ,  1  1  ,93  ht  by  nged  e  above  Ship  to  be  paid  here  , STYLE=superscript  un  l STYLE=superscript  es  s STYLE=superscript  otherwise STYLE=superscript  a.  he  P1_TB00190 6,  ----  1114 STYLE=superscript  OR  LINE  OF  AUSTRALIAN  I%  a  PACKETS.  ,  t  „  ) STYLE=superscript  AINES  and  Co.  have  purchased,  and  are  now  ~,,  - STYLE=superscript  'ulg,  th  MELBOURNE  - STYLE=superscript  (under  the  management  \  a  t.  1  21 STYLE=superscript  A.  Newlands,  late  of  their  ship  Golden  Age),  tons,,,,  car  q  and  five  Lighters,  capable  of  Landing  1000  ,llich.  4 STYLE=superscript  at  any  one  time,  to  attend  on  their  vessels,  by  '  4O STYLE=superscript  Ivj  an  ,„  goods  shipped  y  their  line  will  be  landed  on  IN  '  1 STYLE=superscript  without  delay.  lifilt  ,  ----  '  utanediate  dispatch,  and  now  ready  to  take  in  Cargo  in  Canning  Docks.  1  0.  iN'l  , STYLE=superscript  FOR  MELBOURNE  r.  The  Magnificent  first-class  Ship  ,  '----0,7  41  1  •  '----0,7&#34;  L.,  8 STYLE=superscript  t  ou  NAMES  LISTON,  Commander  ;  ~_til  eci  a  register,  A  1  at  Lloyds;  coppered  and  copper  o  Tge  rB  , STYLE=superscript  :a  nd  ilsfast,  has  most  roomy  accommodations  for  Pas Paso  o Paso  of  th  .  Is  acknowledged  to  be  one  of  the  finest  ships  h  ers,  %Dort  of  Liverpool.—For  Terms  apply  to  the  ~....,  JAMES  BAINES  &amp;  CO.  7d  CnA.L.  ,  -  -  •  -  -  •  •  •  P1_TB00191 O.  4  STAR  LINE  OF  A STYLE=superscript  w•  AUSTRALIAN  PACKETS.  LOADING  BERTH,  SALTHOLTSE  DOCK.  FI  Lttrß  Tons.  To  Sail.  For.  1p  .  3,800  .  20th  Nov  ...Melbourne.  HoYT  2,500...1n  Dec......  Melbourne.  VIS  2,500...T0  follow...  Melbourne.  tk  i  jor  MELBOURNE,  PORT  PHILIP,  h  l STYLE=superscript  fg  Passengers  and  their  Luggage  at  the  Wharf,  Magnificent  new  Clipper-ship  TAYLEUR,  J.  NOBLE,  Commander.  .  lc%  2  g,  00  Tons  Register,  4,000  Tons  Burthen,  tl.  1  4  11  44  y  splendid  Vessel,  just  launched,  and  the  largest  th  e  'Pan  ever  built  in  England,  will  undoubtedly  prove  t  i  4et  t  i  e  iastest  of  the  Australian  Fleet,  as  she  has  been  con con)ol,,,lPressly  )ol,,,lPressly con)ol,,,lPressly  with  the  object  of  attaining  the  very  h  i STYLE=superscript  g  hest STYLE=superscript  v  t  :N  e  l'eed.  Her  vast  dimensions  enable  the  Owners  to  l  af  fassenger  accommodation  not  to  be  met  with  in  any  ,  r  oat.  Th  oro  ugh  ventilation  has  been  secured,  and  by  riPorts,  of  which  she  has  one  at  every  seven  feet,  skylights,  the  Passenger-deck  is  perfectly  Ot  titio  t STYLE=superscript  n  every  part.  The  undersigned  have,  therefore,  no  111  4 STYLE=superscript  4  11 STYLE=superscript  in  affirming  that  the  TAYLEUR  presents  advan advanett°  ett° advanett°  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  Passenger  conveyance  superior  to  any  Ship  'espatched  to  the  Australian  Colonies.  PILKINGTON  &amp;  WILSON.  ti.„----::ommercial  buildings,  Water-street,  Liverpool.  P1_TB00192 /FS  FOR  BOSTON.  ,f  To  sail  Ist  December.  The  TRAI  &amp;  Co.'s  EXR  PACKET.  Ile  new  firs  N STYLE=superscript  t-class  Americ  T STYLE=superscript  an  A STYLE=superscript  Packet-ship  NEPTUNE,  Capt.  IseAc  BEAUCHAMP,  t  o  ll STYLE=superscript  '  1,032  tons  register  :  1  1  ,_tbad  a  as  above  ;  is  now  on  her  first  voyage,  and  will  fr  e  ij  l  e STYLE=superscript  t  r STYLE=superscript  ?  sce  superior  conveyance  for  fine  goods,  &amp;c.  ~  apply  to  MT  A  TAT  a  on  P1_TB00193 W  ALTER  MORGAN  (Successor  to  James  Marsden,  and  Sens,)  BRUSH  MANUFACTURER,  33,  SOUTH  JOHN  -STREET,  A  Liberal  Discount  allowed  on  Family  Orders.  THE  position  of  the  Turkish  troops  and  their  prospects  of  success  are  so  encouraging  that  we  are  induced  to  believe  that  nothing  .short  of  an  imme immediate  diate immediate  evacuation  of  the  Principalities,  or  the  most  barefaced  betrayal  of  the  Turkish  cause  by  some  of  the  military  leaders  now  in  command.  of  the  SuL.  TAN'S  troops,  can  preveLt  the  annihilation  of  the  Russian  army  of  invasion.  From  the  foundation  of  the  Ottoman  empire  in  Europe  by  the  illustrious  OTIIMAN,  in  the  thirteenth  century,  down  to  the  present  hour,  the  military  chiefs  of  Turkey  have  been  distinguished  for  their  uncompromising  patriotism  and  love  of  'conquest.  In  the  history  of  this  people,  Europe  has  a  sub substantial  stantial substantial  guarantee  for  the  good  faith  of  the  Turkish  leaders  ;  but  there  are  a  number  of  unknown  mar-  tial  heroes  whose  names  occasionally  drop  out  as  commanders  of  divisions  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  Turkish  army,  and  we  feel  no  small  astonishment  at  the  cool  effrontery  they  show.in  thrusting  themselves  forward  before  the  descendants  of  such  renowned  conquerors  as  AMURATH,  SEMI,  and'  MUSTAPHA.  These  men  were  not  only  brave  and  successful  generals,  but  they  were  the  most  accomplished  statesmen  ;  and  the  idea  of  the  SULTAN'S  surrendering  the  command  of  his  troops,  and  the  fortunes  of  his  empire,  to  a  host  of  courtier  generals,  such  as  PLUM,  BOSQUET  and  others,  whose  names  we  cannot  recollect,  is  perfectly  preposterous.  Who  is  this  General  PRIM  ?  Can  he  be  a  cotemporary  of  the  HAYNAU  of  Spain,  the  RosAs?  Who  is  BOSQUET  ?  Can  ho  be  an  Imperial  chief,  who  owes  his  position  to  the  good  fortune  of  NAPOLEON  11.  ?  England  has  a  long  list  of  Military  Knights  and  Court  Warriors,  such  as  the  TRENCHS,  CONROYS,  WHEATLEYS,  HUD HUDSON  SON HUDSON  LOWES,  whose  valorous  deeds  14ave  gone  no  fur further  ther further  than  giving  popularity  , STYLE=superscript  'tic  that  memorable  war  song:—  Th4siflo,6  of  Belle  Isle Isle-1  -1 Isle-1  WI  there  all  tlie  At  the  siege  of  Belle  Isle,  All  the  while.  To  entrust  any  but  tried  Generals  with  the  dis disposal  posal disposal  of  human  life  in  fields  of  battle  is  a  fearful  crime.  Thus  far  the  Turkish  greneials  have  shown  themselves  fully  equal  to  the  onerous  duty  required  of  them,  and  let  us  hope  that  no  untried  mushroom  chiefs  will  be  forced  upon  the  SULTAN.  The  nation  which  has  defended  itself  successfully  for  upwards  of  thirteen  hundred  years  against  the  inroads  of  Chris Christendom,  tendom, Christendom,  can  surely  find  men  quite  able  to  cope  with  the  Muscovite  leaders  who  have  yet  much  to  learn  themselves  in  the  way  of  successful  fighting  In  the  course  of  a  war  of  such  magnitude  as  that  now  pending,  we  must,  however,  expect  natu naturally  rally naturally  to  hear  of  reverses  on  both  sides;  and  by  the  reports  now  abroad,  it  appears  that  after  the  battle  of  the  11th  instant,  the  Russians  under  PRINCE  GORTSCHAKOF  F  attacked  the  Turks  and  succeeded  in  defeating  them,  and  that  the  Turks  withdrew  across  the  Danube  without  molestation.  The  very  tone  of  this  rumour  leaves  great  room  for  doubt  as  to  its  truth.  Indeed  it  is  not  at  all  likely  that  the  Russians  would  allow  a  retreating  army.  to  cross  a  river  without  molesting  them.  At  Bu Bucharest  charest Bucharest  continuous  cannonading  was  heard  in  the  direction  of  the  Danube.  From  Berlin  we  hear  that  the  Turks  had  been  again  victorious  at  Olte-  While  the  accounts  coming  from  Vienna  nitza.  state  the  Turks  had  quitted  all  their  positions  on  the  Danube,  except  Kalafat,  without  a  battle,  as  the  Russians  were  concentrating  all  their  force  that  direction.  This  report  is  officially  confirmed  from  Hermannstadt,  another  Austrian  town.  It  is  most  difficult  to  know  how  these  conflicting  statements  are  to  be  received.  From  the  same  source  we  are  informed  that  the  Turks  had  attacked  the  Russians  at  Galatz  and  Ibraila,  while  OmAR  PASHA  is  said  to  be  bent  on  reaching  Tokshen  in  Moldavia,  and  that  the  Turliish  force  in  Wallachia  amounts  to  90,000  or  100,000  men  The  object  of  the  Commander-in-Chief  in  carry  ing  the  war  into  Moldavia  must  be  to  check  OSTEN-SACKEN,  and  to  cut  him  off  from  Prince  GrouTscuAKoFF.  While  the  reports  from  the  Princi-  palities  thus  represent  the  progress  of  events,  we  have  been  informed  from  Constantinople  that  SELIM  PACHA  (a  Hungarian)  had  stormed  the  fort  of  Nikolnjowsk.  Two  great  battles  had  been  fought,  in  which  the  Turks  are  said  to  have  lost  1,000  men.  The  Turks,  nevertheless,  had  forced  the  Russians  to  .  retreat.  The  next  day,  it  appears  that  the  Russians  were  reinforced  by  six  battalions,  when  they  tried  to  regain  their  position,  but  were  defeated,  and  pursued  by  another  gallant  Hun Hungarian  garian Hungarian  general,  SELIM  PASHA.  There  is  a  greater  air  of  authenticity  about  this  statement  than  we  find  in  those  which  have  gone  before  it.  We  hope  soon,  however,  to  have  it  in  our  power  to  give  some  more  intelligible  and  accurate  information  from  this  most  important  quarter.  In  the  meantime  the  New  York  papers  state  that  the  Hungarian,  Polish,  and  other  exiles  in  this  city  are  taking  measures  to  form  a  regiment  to  proceed  to  Constantinople  to  offer  their  services  to  the  Sultan  in  the  war  against  IT  is  truly  gratifying  to  turn  from  the  Tenant  and  similar  abortive  measures  and  down downright  right downright  for  the  regeneration  and  restoration  of  the  Sister  Isle,  to  a  practical,  efficient,  and  emi eminently  nently eminently  successful  scheme.  We  allude  to  the  Na National  tional National  University  Organization,  founded  by  our  gracious  QUEEN,  which  has  been  in  active  ope operation  ration operation  for  the  past  four  years  ;  and  although  it  has  met  with  determined  opposition  from  some  quar.  ters,  and  obtained  the  opprobrious  epithet  of  nevertheless  it  is  increasing  in  popular  estimation,  and  producing  most  desirable  and  bene beneficial  ficial beneficial  results.  .  At  the  opening  of  the  Session,  on  Saturday  last,  the  PRESIDENT  of  the  Cork  College  delivered  an  elegant,  eloquent,  and  satisfactory  Address,  before  a  distinguished  assembly.  He  therein  fully  entered  into  the  benefits  accruing,  and  which  have  already  accrued,  from  the  establishment  of  such  Univer Universities  sities Universities  ;  and  the  circumstances  he  records  brighten  our  anticipations,  enliven  our  hopes,  and  confirm  our  belief,  that  the  true  panacea  for  Irish  discoid,  disunion,  and  distress,  has  been  found;  and  that,  by-and-by,  Ireland  will  become  as  once  she  was  —ere  the  sun  of  her  splendour  set--aprosperous,  intellec intellectual,  tual, intellectual,  and  renowned  nation.  In  the  opening  part  of  his  Address  the  PRESIDENT  alluding  to  the  success  of  the  Institution,  observes:  From  the  period,  now  four  years  since,  when  this  College  was  first  opened  for  public  instruction,  up  to  the  present  time,  the  young  men  who  have  been  our  students,  have  uniformly  so  conducted  themselves  as  to  reflect  the  highest  credit  upon  themselves  and  upon  the  College,  and  to  verify  and  even  to  surpass,  the  most  sanguine  expectations  which  its  founders  could  have  had  of  the  practical  working  of  the  system  of  education,  of  which  this  College  contributes  a  part.  Whether  we  contem contemplate  plate contemplate  the  position  of  those  students,  in  a  social,  in  a  moral,  or  in  an  intellectual  point  of  view,  we  have  found  now,after  four  years  of  severely  tested  practical  experience,  nothing  of  moment  to  Condemn,  but  very  much  we  can  heartily  admire.  We  have  had  pursuing  their  studies  together  in  this  College,  in  each  year,  some  150  young  men,  of  various  social  conditions,  of  various  degrees  of  intellectual  capa capacity,  city, capacity,  and  of  various  forms  of  belief,  and  there  has  not  occured,  among  those  masses  of  students,  a  single  instance  of  controversy  or  collision;  not  in  a  single  case  has  it  been  necessary  to  apply  those  rules  of  discipline  wisely  provided  by  our  statutes  for  the  repression  of  serious  irregularity  of  con conduct;  duct; conduct;  and  in  the  higher  responsibilities  of  morality  and  religion,  I  believe  I  May  appeal  to  the  reverend  who  being  officially  connected  with  this  gentleme  n, STYLE=superscript  College,  have  favoured  me  with  the  expression  of  their  views,  and  who  consider  the  conduct  of  the  students  in  those  regards  to  merit  their  full  ap approval  proval approval  What  can  be  more  encouraging  than  such  a  tes-  timony  from  such  a  source  ?  Regarding,  as  we  do,  the  primary  evils  of  Ireland  to  have  sprung  from  political  partizanship  and  inveterate  polemical  feuds,  we  hail  with  unbounded  pleasure  the  suc success  cess success  and  development  of  a  machinery  so  peculiarly  calculated  and  admirably,  adapted  to  moderate,  if  it  does  not  altogether  annihilate,  such  fecund  causes  of  mischief,  which,  like  a  locust-blight,  threatened  to  devour  every  green  and  fruitful  thing—and  which,  in  the  words  of  MACAULAY,  would  turn  a  Campania  into  a  land  of  beggars,  and  change  the  plain  of  Emma  into  a  The  green,  immortal  may  be  re regarded  garded regarded  as  typical  of  the  saviours  of  that  country  whose  national  emblem  it  18—LEARNING,  PA.TRIOT PA.TRIOTts:sr,  ts:sr, PA.TRIOTts:sr,  and  CONCORD.  No  nation  ever  flourished  to  any  considerable  extent  that  could  not  boast  of  such  auxiliaries  ;  and  where  those  virtues  and  ad advantages  vantages advantages  have  decayed,  a  corresponding  declension  has  been  manifested  in  the  growth  and  resources  of  the  country—affording  to  each  a  common  tomb.  Take  Greece  as  an  unhappy  example.  From  the  time  of  ALEXANDER,  when  the  Greeks  were  obliged  to  submit  to  a  master,  they'  lost  much  of  theii  beauty  and  elevation  of  character,  and  intellectual  pursuits  experienced  great  degeneracy.  As  the  spirit  of  patriotism  vanished,  the  fire  of  genius  be became  came became  extinct,  until  the  sun  of  Grecian  splendour  became  shrouded  in  an  eternal  night.  When  it  was  asked  why  Lacedwmon  had  no  walls,  the  reply  was  :  concord  of  its  citizens  is  its  Nov,N  we  are  convinced  that  this  is  the  strongest  and  - STYLE=superscript  most  enduring  bulwark  any  nation  can  possess.  It  is  the  best  and  most  im impregnable  pregnable impregnable  of  all  National  Without  it  we  may  possess  excellent  ships,  and  granite  for fortresses,  tresses, fortresses,  and  powerful  - STYLE=superscript  guns,  and  a  well welldisciplined  disciplined welldisciplined  army;  but  it  would  avail  little  if  there  exist  discord  in  the  camp.  Unity  is  a  neces necessary  sary necessary  ingredient  in  a  nation's  stability.  A  house  divided  against  itself  cannot  Union  is  emphatically,  , STYLE=superscript  strength.  The  largest  rock,  the  loftiest  mountain—in  fact  the  whole  globe  itself,  is  nothing  more  .than  a  - STYLE=superscript  mere  conglomeration  of  mi minute  nute minute  .pArticles,  each  of  which  would  float  imper imperceptibly  ceptibly imperceptibly  in  air;  but  all  compacted  together  form  a  mighty  and  pondrous  mass,  as  sublime  as  it  is  beautiful—as  beautiful  as  it  is  perfect—and  as  per perfect  fect perfect  as  it  is  harmonious.  To  bring  about  the  peaceful  reign  of  Concord  in  Ireland—a  country  so  long  tortured,  rent,  and  dis•  tracted,  by  feuds  and  factions—would  be  an  hono]  able  enterprise  and  a  blessed  consummation..  We  know,  however,  of  no  agency  better  calcu calculated  lated calculated  to  produce  so  desirable  an  issue,  as  that  at  present  employed  for  the,  education  of  the  people  in  the  higher  brandies  of  learning,  the  wonders  of  Science,  and  the  beauties  of  Art.  No  country  in  the  world  more  needs  an  effective  system  of  secular  in instruction,  struction, instruction,  as  Ireland.  It  is  this,  and  this  only,  that  will  soften  down  old  asperities—temper  inveterate  prejudices—and  destroy  those  politico-religious  feuds  which  have  been  the  real  banes  of  that  coun•  try,  and  have  placed  Alpine  barriers  in  the  way  of  her  intellectual  progress  and  national  prosperity.  It  is  cheering  to  behold  a  change  for  the  better,  after  such  a  protracted  period  of  utter  hopeless  ness,  bordering  on  despair—to  see  the  golden  sun  shedding  his  beams  upon  a  long  night  of  darkness  —to  view  the  mists  arising,  and  the  clouds  dispell dispelling,  ing, dispelling,  and  a  glorious  and  enduring  day  about  to  en  lighten  and  bless  the  nation.  Let  no  one  say  that  a  system  of  Education  pro productive  ductive productive  of  such  benefits  is  godless?'  Secular  Education  is  not  necessarily  irreligious.  Indeed  it  cannot  be.  Rather,  it  is  in  its  very  nature  and  es essence,  sence, essence,  essentially  religious.  Whatever  tends  to  de develope  velope develope  the  faculties—enlarge  the  mind—cultivate  the  moral  sentiments—and  engender  a  love  for  the  Good,  the  Beautiful,  and  the  True,  cannot  be  deemed  either  or  godless  whilst  to  make  use  of  such  an  affirmation,  is  both  the  one  and  the  other.  Let  us  hear  no  more,  then,  of  such  flagitious  sentiments.  They  are  the  offspring  of  ignorance  and  prejudice,  and  cannot  stand  the  test  of  truth.  The  principles  upon  which  the  Government  Col Colleges  leges Colleges  have  been  established,  are  still  upheld  in  their  entirety.  Those  principles  have  been  found  to  work  admirably  well  ;  and  the  PRESIDENT  of  the  Cork  College,  in  the  conclusion  of  his  Address,  ac  knowledges  to  the  fact,  and  affords  every  assurance  of  their  being  faithfully  adhered  to  for  the  future..  He  observes  the  conduct  of  our  students  has  been  eminently  satisfactory,  on  the  one  hand,  on  the  other  hand  the  securities  that  have  been  provided  by  the  wise  foresight  of  the  State,  for  protecting  the  moral  and  religious  principles  of  our  students  from'  disrespect  or  interference,  have  been  carefully  maintained,  and  they  shall  continue  to  be  maintained.  The  definiteness  and  directness  of  responsibility  as  to  conduct  and  duties  which  is  indispensible  for  carrying  out  the  functions  of  an.  nstitution  of  united  education  such  as  this  —  established  by  the  State  for  public  objects—sup objects—supported  ported objects—supported  by  the  public  funds,—and  administered  under  public  control—cannot  be  lost  sight  of  or  abjured.  Those  who  are  anxious  for  the  diffusion  of  superior  and  liberal  education  in  this  province  and  in  Ire Ireland,—and  land,—and Ireland,—and  as  such  I  presume  to  consider  those  whom  I  have  now  the  honor  to  address,—may  rest  assured  that  the  provisions  for  valid  responsibility,  which,  coupled  with  a  highly  effective  system  of  instruction,  has  already  gained  for  this  College,  and  for  the  Queen's  University,  so  much  acceptance  and  support,  will  be  in  the  future  as  in  the  past,  upon  all  occasions,  suitably  and  steadily  We  congratulate  the  people  of  Ireland  upon  the  extraordinary  advantages  they  now  possess  in  the  establishment  and  extension  of  University  Insti-  We  look  upon  them  as  the  beginning  of  a  new  and  brilliant  era  in  Irish  history—and  as  eminently  calculated  to  realize  for  that  country  infinitely  - STYLE=superscript  more  than  ever  was  promised,  or  could  be  achieved  by  interested  - STYLE=superscript  charlatans,  who  scrupled  not  to  sacrifice  their  country  on  the  altar  of  personal  cupidity,  and  who  have  made  its  interests  subser subservient  vient subservient  to  their-venality  and  ambition.  .  Let  the  Irish  have  by  all  means—but  let  it  be  the  repeal  of  faction,  prejudice,  and  fanaticism.  Grant  them  the  &#34;Union,'--  7  -but  let  it  be  the  union  of  forbearance,  moderation,  and  charity—of  learn learning,  ing, learning,  patriotism,  and  Religion.  These  are  what  she  needs—not  the  questionable  benefits  promised.  by  inflated  demagogues  and  de declaimers,  claimers, declaimers,  who  took  advantage  of  Irish  credulity  to  further  their  private  ends  and  to  complete  their  sordid  purposes.  tutions.  A  great  fire  broke  out  yesterday,  morning,  on  the  pre premises  mises premises  of  Messrs.  Haynes  and  Co,,  St.  Anne's-road,  Newington,  London.  The  whole  of  the  premises  were  destroyed.  THE  PILGRIM  FATHERS.—The  Rev.  Dr.  Raffles  delivered  a  lecture  upon  the  event  commemorated  in  Mr.  Lucy's  paint painting  ing painting  of  the  Pilgrim  Fathers,  in  Great  George's  Chapel,  at  seven  o'clock  last  night.  The  lecture  was  merely  expla explanatory  natory explanatory  of  the  causes  and  circumstances  which  originated  and  followed  the  emigration  of  the  pilgrim  fathers  in  the  May Mayflower  flower Mayflower  from  England,  and  the  founding  of  their  new  home  across  the  Atlantic.  SALE  OF  SHIPWRIGHTS'  MATERIALS.  A  sale  of  the  materials  used  for  shipbuilding  at  Birkenhead  by  Mr.  Thos.  Wilson,  took  place,  during  the  present  week.  On  Thursday  and  yesterday  the  attendance  was  large,  and  the  lots..sold  realised  good  prices.  FATAL  ACClDENT.—Yestorday  afternoon  Robert  Stott,  a  boy  16  years  of  age,  apprentice  on  board  the  ship  Dori  sa  n  a  ,  lying  in  the  Salt  House  Dock,  and  a  relative  of  the  captain  of  the  vessel,  fell  from  the  mast  head  on  the  deck,  thereby  fracturing  his  ancle  and  arm,  and  receiving  other  extensive  injuries,  of  which  he  died  whilst  being  conveyed  to  the  Southern  Hospital.  ACCIDENTS.-Michael  Cavanagh,  living  at  No.  4,  court,  Paul-dreet,  a  labourer,  working  on  board  one  of  the  Glas Glasgow  gow Glasgow  traders,  the  in  the  Canning-dock,  fell  into  the  hold,  of  the  vessel  yesterday  afternoon,  and  received  a  severe  fracture  of  the  ribs.—John  Jones,  of  No.  30,  Sydney Sydneystreet  street Sydneystreet  East,  a  carter,  was  discharging  some  corn  in  a  store,  in  Barton-street,  belonging  to  Messrs.  Hodson  and  Bully,  the  same  afternoon,  when  a  sack  fell  out  of  the  sling  upon  him,  which  produced  a  severe  compound  fracture  of  the  ribs.  Finn  IN  BOOTLE  ON  THURSDAY  NIGHT.—On  Thursday  night,  a  very  destructive  fire  broke  out  on  the  premises  be belonging  longing belonging  to  Mr.  Thomas  Bollard,  in  Bootle-lane,  which  com comprised  prised comprised  a  wind-mill  and  a  steam-mill  closely  adjoining.  The  utmost  despatch  was  used  in  conveying  the  alarm  to  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  and  by  nine  o'clock  Mr.  Hewitt,  with  a  large  body  of  the  fire  brigade,  and  three  engines  from  the  fire  station,  with  the  West  of  England  engine,  arrived  at  the  spot.  The  wind  happened  fortunately  to  be  from  the  south-west,  which  carried  the  flames  away  from  a  number  of  cottages,  adjoining  the  mills,  occupied  by  Mr.  Bollard  and  his  wormen,  other otherwise  wise otherwise  their  destruction  would  have  been  inevitable.  Captain  Weir,  inspector  of  salvage,  Captain  Greig,  head-constable,  with  about  thirty  police  officers,  under  superintendent  Ride  and  two  inspectors,  along  with  several  gentlemen  connected  with  insurance  companies,  gave  their  most  indefatigable  exertions  to  check  the  fire,  but  owing  to  the  delay  which,  of  necessity,  had  taken  place  in  communicating  the  intelligence  to  town,  the  flames  had  made  great  progress  before  assistance  arrived  at  the  place.  Shortly  after  nine  o'clock  the  whole  structure  was  in  flames,  and  at  ten  o'clock  the  sails  and  machinery  at  the  head  of  one  mill  became  detached  and  fell.  The  steam  .mill  and  machinery  were  saved  by  exertions  almost  unparalleled.  Several  horses  in  a  stable  adjoining,  some  pigs,  and  a  quantity  of  grain  and  flour  were  also  saved.  The  windmill,  however,  was  destroyed.  By  half halfpast  past halfpast  10  o'clock  the  further  progress  of  the  conflagration  was  completely  checked.  At  present  no  estimate  can  be  formed  of  the  actual  loss,  which  must  be  very  large,  and  which,  it  is  stated,  will  be  only  partially  covered  by  the  in insurances  surances insurances  upon  the  building.  THE  BLACK_BUIZAT  BOILER  _EXPLOSION.  ADJOURNED  INQUEST.  BLACKBURN,  FRIDAY  NIGHT.  ,  The  CORONER,  Oa  Hargreaves)  resumed  this  protracted  inquiry  at  Ten  o'clock  this  morning.  Mr.  CLouou  proposed  to  adduce  evidence  on  behalf  of  the  owners  of  property  adjacent  to  Mr.  Hesketh's  weaving weavingshed.  shed. weavingshed.  The  FOREMAN  objected.  The  jury  were  assembled,  not  to  inquire  into  the  circumstances  of  the  owners  of  adjoining  property,  but  to  investigate  the  cause  of  the  explosion  so  as  to  fix  the  blame  upon  the  right  party.  --  Mr.  CLOUGII  submitted  that  it  was  necessary  to  have  the  evidence  he  wished  to  adduce,  in  order  that  the  question  might  be  investigated  in  all  its  bearings.  -  Thos.  Cockshott  was  then  called  an  examined.  He  de deposed  posed deposed  that  six  years  ago,  he  was  engine  -tenter  at  the  loom loomshed  shed loomshed  in  Starkie-street  ,  during  the  Mr.  Hayes  was  tenant  of  the  premises.  Witness  left  because  he  was  afraid  of  his  Called  at  the  boiler-house  five  or  six  weeks  ago.  Saw  Edward  Sharpies,  the  engine  -tenter,  there.  Asked  him  if  he  was  not  afraid  of  the,boiler  blowing  up.  He  laughed,  but  said  nothing.  Witness  said  he  would  not  tend  that  engine  if  they  would  give  him  all  Blackburn.  They  could  not  see  much,  for  the  boiler-house  was  full  of  steam.  The  steam  escaped  through  crevices  in  the  brickwork.  John  Witton  examined.—Knew  Sharpies,  the  deceased  engine-tenter.  About  six  weeks  ago,  Sharpies  said  they  were  putting  up  new  looms,  and  he  was  more  afraid  than  ever.  Witness  observed,  will  be  blown  into  the  street  some  day,  like  an  old  pair  of  Witness  told  Sharpies  he  was  running  too  high.  Sharpies  replied,  that  it  must  be  kept  up,  or  he  should  get  black  looks.  Called  one  afternoon  to  see  Sharpies,  and  noticed  the  indicator.  The  boiler  was  working  at  a  pressure  of  411bs.  to  the  square  inch.  Witness  shook  his  head,  saying,  &#34;You'll  be  blown  into  the  street  some  Sharpies  said  he  could  not  help  it.  The  fireman  looked  up  and  grinned.  351bs.  was  the  usual  pressure  at  which  the  boiler  was  worked  during  the  last.five  or  six  weeks.  The  engineman  wanted  more  steam  than  he  could  make,  and  he  took  the  safety  valve  away  on  his  own  responsibility.  Witness  considered  the  engine-tenter  to  blame  for  workinc  , STYLE=superscript  the  boiler  at  such  high  pressure  ;  but  what  could  the  man  when  the  work  was  required  to  be  done  ?  •  William  Robinson  occupied  the  house  next  to  the  boiler.  The  house  was  blown  down  by  the  explosion,  and  witness  had  a  child  killed.  Eighteen  months  ago,  witness  com complained  plained complained  about  the  boiler  to  his  landlord,  Mr.  Catlow.  Wit Witness  ness Witness  was  alarmed,  because  they  were  so  often  repairing  the  boiler.  The  engine-tenter  used  to  come  into  witness's  house,  and  witness's  wife  asked  him  why  they  so  often  re repaired  paired repaired  the  boiler.  The  man  replied  that  they  could  not  get  the  steam  up  enough  John  Catlow  examined.—Was  owner  of  several  houses  in  Starkie-street,  near  to  Hesketh's  loom  shed.  About  eighteen  months  ago  several  of  witness's  tenants  complained  to  him  about  the  boiler  in  question,  and  in  consequence  of  that  he  communicated  with  the  commissioners,  and  after afterwards  wards afterwards  saw  Mr.  Hesketh,  to  whom  he  spoke  concerning  the  dangerous  state  of  the  boiler.  Mr.  Hesketh  replied  that  he  had  property  there  as  well  as  witness,  and  should  be  frightened  himself  if  there  was  any  danger.  James  Boyle  corroborated  the  latter  portion  of  the  pre previous  vious previous  witness's  evidence.  John  Carr  stated  that  about  three  months  ago,  Mr.  Hes Hesketh  keth Hesketh  told  him  he  had  given  to  Pickop  (the  owner  of  the  preMises)  notice  to  quit  in  consequence  of  the  bad  state  of  the  boiler.  William  Hesketh  deposed  that  he  had  occupied  the  pre premises  mises premises  in  Starkie-street  two  years  within  two  months.  There  was  no  examination  of  the  boiler,  or  any  part  of  the  ma machinery  chinery machinery  when  he  .  took  to  them  ;  they  appeared  to  be  right  enough.  .  .  .  .  The  inquiry  was  proceeding  when  our  despatch  was  sent  off.  THE  VERDICT.  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  OFFICE,  Saturday  Morning,  Half-past  Three  o'clock.  We  have  just  received  the  following  intelligence  by  electric  telegraph,  from'our  own  Correspondent  :—.  BLACKBURN,  half-past  10  Y.M.  The  Jury  have  just  returned  a  verdict  of  Manslaughter  against  , STYLE=superscript  William  Hesketh,  tenant  of  the  weaving  shed,  where  the  explosion  occurred  ;  and  exonerating  the  owner,  Mr.  Pickop,  from  blame.  BANKRUPTCY  ANNULLED.  (From  last  night's  Gazette)  William  Wreford  (since  deceased),  Edwin  Cas  Nicholls,  and  William  Ellicombe  Wreford,  stock  and  sharp  brokers.  Bristol.  •  •"
