text
"pected  N.  small  Turkish  squadron  was  cruising  in  the  Black  Sea,  and  two  British,  and  two  French  line-of-battle  ships  are  lying  off  Therapia  fo.  present.  It  was  also  reported,  that  a  new  note  bad  arrived  at  the  Turkish  capital,  with  instrue-  tions  to  the  Ambassadors  of  England  and  France  to  recommend  it  to  the  Porte  ;  :but  there  appears  to  be  a  decided  objection  on  the  part  of  the  Turks  to  its  being  signed.  The  city  was  perfectly  tranquil.  The  intelligence  received  via  Vienna  of  the  same  date  as  that  from  Trieste  (Nov,  7,)  states  that,  large  masses  of  troops  are  concentrated  on  the  Asiatic  frontier,  and  that  the  SULTAN  had  received  the  title  The  Heavy  rains  had  fallen  mi  the  10th  and  11th  inst.,  by  which  the  Danube  ls  greatly  swollen,  the  roads  rendered  impassa-  ble  and  military  or  )ns  impeded.  To  this,  all  )f  which  is  probably  true,  the  Vienna  reports  add  the  following  rumour:-  The  Turkish  arim  )artly  cut  off,  and  This  must  be  entirely  false,  as  all  the  information  received  in  this  country  )ncurs  in  confirming  the  reported  success  of  the  Turks;  and  the  advises  received  from  Paris  lat  yesterday  afternoon  state,  'that  'another  important  victory  had  been  gained  by  the  Turkish  arm  the  SULTAN  has  purchasel  40,000  Vincennes  car  bines  in  Paris,  for  which  the  Turkish  Ambassador  is  said  to  have  paid  2,000,000  francs.  The  number  Hof  guns  carried  by  the  French,  English,  Tu'rliish,  nd  Egyptian  ships  of  war,  now  at  the  service  of  he  OTTOMANS,  is  about  5,000.  The  reported  cap-  Lure  of  a  Russian  frigate,  near  Trebizonde,  by  the  Turkish  fleet,  and  the  wretched  condition  of  th  from  sickness  and  bad  food,  are  fully  confirmed;  and  also  that  the  Poles,  who  had  urged  from  le  Russian  ser-  vice,  as  they  could  not  fight  for  the  Greek  religion  ad  been  shot  Thus  when  we  approach  any  event  in  Russian  history,  humanity  is  outraged,  and  every  feeling  of  honor  roused  to  the  utmost  indignation.  Nicuo-  LAS  may  yet  live,  however,  to  hear  the  voice  of  earthly  retribution  vibrating  in  his  despotic  ear  and  feel  the  hand  of  vengeance  upon  his  impious  Person.  The  horizon  which  surrounds  his  savage  sway  is  growing  darker  and  darker  as  the  cau  s(  of  civilization  prog  a  glorious  strug-  ;le  after  all,  and  England  may  be  proud  of  being  the  great  powei  )  which  the  CZAR  shows  h:  diabolical  obsequiousness  the  days  of  secret  diplomacy  and  Ministerial  apathy,  in  case  where  war  actually  exists,  may  be  said  to  be  numbere(  'he  men  of  Manchester  have  been,  as  usua  in  all  cases  of  National  emergenc:  the  first  in  the  North  to  show  every  town  and  village  its  bounden  duty,  as  well  as  it  vital  interests  And  they  were  fortunate  in  havir  :cured  such  able  Kpounders  of  Russian  per  filly  and  Turkish.  rights,  as  the  hero  NAPIER,  and  that  br  beaten  Itesman  DAVID  UUQUHAF  These  men  know  the  true  designs  of  the  AUTOCRAT  and  the  real  position  of  British  interests  in  the  How  to  resist  the  formei  thauthe  gallant  and  tried  Admir"
