text
"trusted  to  the  pilot.  It'would  be  laying  down  the  newest  possible  law  if  it  were  to  be  said  that  there  was  any  com compulsion  pulsion compulsion  upon  the  owners  of  the  vessel  to  send  a  captain  in  her  to  Liverpool  who  was  acquainted  with  the  port.  The  position  and  authority  of  the  pilot  must  be  determined  perfectly  irrespective  of  any  accidental  knowledge  on  the  part  of  any  person  on  board  the  ship.  It  was  the  duty  of  the  owners  to  have  a  captain  who  was  competent  to  navigate,  but  it  was  not  their  duty  to  have  one  on  board  who  was  intimately  acquainted  with  the  port  of  Liverpool.  If  the  pilot  was  drunk,  or  did  something  grossly  improper,  something  which  the  captain  and  every  seaman  could  see  must  bring  him  into  collision  with  another  ship,  then  it  might  be  fairly  contended  that  it  was  the  duty  of  the  captain  to  interfere  ;  but  it  could  not  be  - STYLE=superscript  contended,  merely  because  the  captain  happened  to  know  something  of  the  port  of  Liverpool,  that  he  was  there therefore  fore therefore  bound  to  interfere,  in  a  totally  different  case,  with  the  authority  of  the  pilot.  In  order  to  justify  his  interference,  there  must  be  the  grossest  possible  negligence  or  misconduct  upon  the  part  of  the  pilot,  such  as  could  only  be  accounted  for  by  something  like  drunkenness  or  insanity.  In  point  of  fact,  to  entitle  the  captain  to  interfere  with  the  authority  of  the  pilot,  there  should  be  some  cause  nearly,  if  not  quite,  equivalent  to  that  which  would  justify  an  inferior  officer  in  the  ship  in•  interfering  with  the  authority  of  the  captain.  He  contended  that  with  a  pilot  on  board,  it  ceased  to  be  the  duty  of  Captain  Comstock  to  look  out  for  lights  or  beacons,  or  to  found  any  calculations  upon  his  knowledge  of  the  port,  or  to  offer  any  information  to  the  pilot.  With  regard  to  the  velocity,  the  pilot  himself  distinctly  stated  that  he  did  not  consider  the  rate  of  12  knots  an  hour  too  great  a  rate  of  speed.  The  only  question  then  was  whether  the  amount  of  speed  was  so  great  as  to  prove  a  total  incapacity  on  the  part  of  the  pilot,  which  would  entitle  the  captain  to  interfere,  and  take  the  control  of  the  ship  out  of  his  hands.  It  did  not  appear  that,  in  the  course  they  were  taking,  soundings  would  be  of  any  use  whatever,  and  therefore  no  question  would  arise  on  that  point.  His  Horton:  I  think  none,  Mr.  Aspinall.  I  think,  upon  -the  evidence,  it  is  clear  that  they  might  not  improperly  take  the  course  they  did,  and  that  soundings  would  be  useless,  or  all  but  useless,  in  that  course.  Mr.  ASPINALL  said  there  could  therefore  be  no  negli negligence  gence negligence  alleged  upon  the  part  of  the  captain,  in  not  having  interfered,  to  order  that  soundings  should  be  taken.  The  whole  question  was  therefore  reduced  to  the  rate  of  speed,  and  whether  the  captain  should  have  interfered  to  prevent  it.  On  this  point  Mr.  Aspinall  contended  that  inasmuch  as  the  whole  occurence  arose  from  the  mistake  of  the  pilot  with  regard  to  his  position,  it  was  rendered  utterly  unimportant  to  the  consideration  of  the  case  at  what  rate  of  speed  the  Baltic  was  going,  as  no  col collision  lision collision  with  other  vessels  did  occur,  and  the  actual  injury  done  to  the  Bell  buoy  was  all  they  had  to  consider.  Mr.  Aspinall  cited  a  great  number  of  cases  bearing  out  the  views  which:he  urged  to  those  adduced  upon  the  other  side,  and  concluded  his  statement  for  the  defence.  His  HoNoR  observed  that  he  would  not  say  there  was  not  such  evidence  as  he  would  feel  bound,  if  he  had  a  jury,  to  lay  before  them.  He  was  therefore  bound  to  lay  it  before  himself,  and  consider  it  carefully,  to  see  whether  it  went  the  full  length  of  attaching  liability  to  the  owners  of  the  vessel.  Mr.  Aspinall  had  exhausted  the  points  for  the  defence,  had  urged  every  point  which  arose  in  his  own  mind,  and  brought  forward  some,  in  which  he  did  not  agree,  in  a  very  ingenious  manner.  He  could  not  say,  however,  that  there  might  not  be  some  evidence  which  should  be  laid  before  a  jury  Mr..  ASPINALL  said  he  would  call  as  evidence  the  captain  of  the  Baltic.  Captain  COMSTOCK  was  then  examined  by  Mr.  ASPINALL:  —When  he  saw  the  lights  were  brought  in  one,  he  asked  the  pilot  why  he  altered  the  course,  and  the  pilot  ' STYLE=superscript  answered  that  they  had  passed  the  Bell  buoy.  Immediately  afterwards  he  had  the  buoy  close  aboard  on  the  starboard  bow  ;  sang  out  and  at  the  same  instant  stopped  the  ship,  but  the  collision  occurred  almost  immediately  on  seeing  the  buoy.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  BLAIR  :—Passed  Point  Lynas  near  eleven  o'clock,  and  came  at  full  speed  from  that  point.  Has  been  master  of  the  Baltic  for  three  years,  and  was  mate  in  a  sailing  vessel  trading  to  this  port  four  years.  Never  navigated  inside  the  Bell  buoy.  Knew  they  were  approaching  the  Bell  buoy  when  he  spoke  to  the  Pilot.  Witness  was  standingbetween  the  paddles,  near  the  bells  which  lead  to  the  engine  room.  Always  takes  charge  of  them  when  it  is  necessary  to  convey  positive  intelligence  to  the  engineer.  The  pilot  stood  alongside  the  wheel.  It  was  near  high  water  a  o  t  f  the  time.  spa  agses,e  ag  .  Thought  though  Wlasate  ve  r STYLE=superscript  ry  yy  wasthir  anxiousty  probable  they  would  meet  vessels  in  the  Victoria  channel.  It  was  an  average  length  thirty-six  x  t  u  h  o  g  u  e  r  t  s  u  than  s  the  sipo  u  pre  precedingas  cedingas  precedingas  of  li  th  th  a  o  t  k  an  a  ii  ce  e  r  ty  ta  a  in  nd  tim  ot  e  he  t  r  o  u  ses  that  the  s  u STYLE=superscript  p  e STYLE=superscript  e  n STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  d  e STYLE=superscript  .  possible.  ea  get  from  the  north-west  light  ship  to  the  Bell  buoy.  Never  bet  a  dollar  on  any  steam-ship,  though  such  bets  are  very  common.  To  Mr.  ASPINALL  :  I  have  run  in  on  the  last  voyage  at  the  same  speed  and  under  the  same  circumstances.  In  99  cases  out  of  100,  when  the  lights  are  seen,  steamers  come  in  at  full  speed.  To  the  COURT  :  I  could  have  seen  a  vessel  five  miles  off'  on  that  bb  d.  Nruionyg.  alterationnight.wo  nh  n  When  i  linaasses:aa  t  wldtwna  h  wo  e  izahthkdh)  pilot  re.nees  otridvoep:t  c  lwbha  a  i  leuat  m  hi  dgotyle:hv  what  .  at  o  psate  n  etielnhh  b  rd  aea  o  r  odrat  a  unen  r  unecl  until  a  ase  t  lrkke  P  odnsie.  r  o  aamde  itilwfnihute  he  wanted  tltLdhwc  immediately,  ios  y  eaapu  n  tonßere  a  utesl  tlahnaeds  asked  observed  e  h STYLE=superscript  r  t  i STYLE=superscript  v  o  m STYLE=superscript  e  o  a STYLE=superscript  t  s STYLE=superscript  h;  ld  that  seaman  m  wa  a  s  n  th  on  el  b  v  o  a  a  te  r  h  d  and  when  he  told  me,  I  returned  to  My  Post  can cannot  not cannot  say  how  long  after  the  course  was  changed  observed  it.  on  the  starboard  bow  on  the  night  of  the  collision,  and  that  K STYLE=superscript  rth  en STYLE=superscript  t  z STYLE=superscript  h  i STYLE=superscript  on  seeing  the  buoy,  he  immediately  called  out.  declaration  tie  wasthe  o  n  f  r  Al  ea  e  d  x  .  an  lt  de  s  r  et  N  f  i  o  ‘  Mr.  BLAIR  and  Mr.  SIMoN  then  applied  themselves  to  the  T STYLE=superscript  ß  he STYLE=superscript  al  combat  the  law  of  the  case,  as  laid  down  by  Mr.  Aspinall.  His  HoNoR  said  that  he  should  desire  to  consider  his  judgment  in  the  case,  as  he  conceived  it  to  be  of  much  im importance  portance importance  to  the  trade  of  Liverpol.  He  would,  therefore,  not  deliver  his  judgment  until  Monday  week."
