text
"GARDENER,  O  the  subject  of  Palmer's  conduct  and  rl  Stafford  craol,  we  learn  that  he  is  watehe  I  nicht  neanmir  in  ni  d  t  The  turnkey  twing  ways  wi'  The  room  Iv  (1.  in  h  matted,  and  .1111  Thorn  h  4  ref  , STYLE=superscript  11,7  soda  wat  qiiPnQe  of  thr,  uld  he  emnin  .v  fool.  Into  I  znla.rly,  anti  gePnis  to  All  that.  he  has  is  m  vent  atri  fotil  p!;)  unon  the  prerulge§,  SO  as  to  ON  tTe  hil  Converses  ft  nil  is  jneular  with  the  1  is  a  T  Ruzeley)  very  fitly.  in  the  r  f  the  deputy=  fzovernor,  bat  at  pre  , STYLE=superscript  •ent  nothing  has  transoired  het,  them  rel'ive  to  Cook.  The  conversation  related  to  their  family  afftirs,  which  are  in  some  c  - STYLE=superscript  mfusion.  No  oth.r  persons  have  seen  him,  except  solicitors  or  their  clerks,  who  have  called  to  serve  him  with  writs,  several  of  which  he  has  had  since  his  incarceration.  He  walks  daily  in  the  yard,  accompanied  by  one  turnkey,  and  attends  chapel  every  morning,  and  twice  on  Sunday.  accompanied  by  his  companion,  and  unless  parties  knew  who  he  was,  it  would  he  thoualit  that  he  was  a  risitni,  or  connected  with  the  rani.  Be  converses  ?reel)  , STYLE=superscript  izoinf?,  to  and  returninft  from  chapel,  and  has  a  smile  upon  his  countenance:  he  is  dressed  in  black,  and  always  carries  a  Bible  and  Prayer Prayerhonk  honk Prayerhonk  in  his  hand  I  At  chapel  he  and  the  turnkey  use  the  pew  appropriated  for  convicts,  at  the  end  of  which  there  is  a  table  like  a  communion  table,  whereat  both  sit.  THE  CHARGE  AGAINST  THE  RUGELEY  POSTAtASTEII  We  mentinned  on  Saturday  that  in  conneetinn  with  the  (4  1:Ir  v  ;  and  suspicions  brought  againsi  the  accused  Wil William  liam William  .  Balmer,  a  complaint  had  been  lodged  against  Mr.  Cheshire,  the  postnhster  of  Rug!  , STYLE=superscript  ley,  for  haying  opened  and  disclosed  the  contents  of  a  letter  ts,  office,  to  the  accused.  The  circumstanees,  as  they  were  disclosed  at  the  hearing  before  the  magistrates,  were  these:—When  the  contents  of  the  stomach  of  Mr.  'Cook  were  forwarded  to  London  for  analysis,  Mr.  Gard-mer,  the  solicitor  acting  in  the  ease,  Was  desirous  of  aseertain;•  ing  P9ssible  from  Dr.  T  ay  l  or  ,  whet  h  er  any  traces  a STYLE=superscript  s  speed  ily STYLE=superscript  epois  a STYLE=superscript  onl  s STYLE=superscript  iad  been  detect  - STYLE=superscript  el.  ,The  written  reply  of  Dr.  Taylor  was,  however,  Opened  by  the  postmaster  of  Regeley.  and  its  contents  made  known  to  P  timer.  Palmer  had,  it  appears,  called  mien  the  postmaster,  and  requested  him  if  he  heard  !anything,  to  let  hint  know.  The  postmaster  believing,  as  he  says,  that  this  request  might  refer  to  the  correspondenco  between  Dr.  Taylor  and  Mr.  Gardener,  replied,  I  dare  net  open  To  this  Palmer  made  answer,  I  don't  let  mu  persuade  you  to  do  anything  to  injure  yonr 'yonrself.'  What  took  place  subsequently  is  best  told  in  the  postmaster's  own  words--a  statement  he  signed  when  before  the  magistrates.  The  statement  was  as  follows  :  I  went  to  Palmer's  house  at  about  half-past  eight  o'clock  in  the  morning,  of  the  sth  of  December,  with  his  letters.  He  was  in  bed.  I  went  to  his  bedroom,  when  he  said,  Well,  have  you  seen  or  heard  I  told  him  that  I  had,  hut  that  it  would  he  wrong  of  me  to  tell  him.  Tie  said,  What  have  von  heard  and  T  told  him  that  I  had  seen  a  letter,  and  that  they  had  found  no  poison.  He  said  he  they  would  and  that  •yas  as  innocent  as  a  I  saw  Palmer  on  the  Sunday  evening  previous  to  the  sth  of  December  last  :  he  came  to  -the  office  for  packet  of  envelopes,  anti,  I  believe,  the  'words  he  used  to  me,  were,  If  you  see  or  hear  anything  let  me  know  it  was  then  well  known  in  Rueelev  that  the  stomach  of  the  deceased  John  Parsons  Cook  had  been  Sent  to  Dr.  Taylor,  in  'London,  for  examination,  and  I  thought.  Palmer's  observation  might  refer  to  the  correspondence  between  Dr.  Taylor  and  Mr.  CI  wr  iener.  the'  solicitor.  I  said  T  dare  not  Open  I  believe  he  said  very  conlly,  Oh,  don't  let,  me  purs  u  ad  e  y  ou  t  o  d  o  anything  to  •  sr  . STYLE=superscript  I  he9eve  that  was  all  the  conversatiatt  bout.  five  injure  von  oak  placf  o'clock  in  the  evening;  he  came  to  the  front  door  of  ,  house;  on  the  following;  morning,  Monday.  th  e  3rd  Der,.went  to  . STYLE=superscript  Palmer's  hq  nso  afrer  breakfast  between  eight  and  nine  o'clock  with  his  letters;  there  might  not  have  been  more  than  one  or  two;  he  asked  me  if  I  had  heard  anythino  , STYLE=superscript  'fresh  ;  I  told  him  I  had  not  ;  :he  was  in  bed,  and  said  he  was  unwell  ;  I  did  not  see  him  on  the  Tnesda.v  at  ail  ;  on  the  Wedne.dav  morninu.  the  sth.  r  went  to  him  about,  hdr-n'tSt  eizht  o'clo  , STYLE=superscript  dc.  as  I  have  already  stated;  I  h-lieve  [  have  repeated  all  that  occurred  between  us  on  that  morning;  if  I  us  el  any  ot!',er  words,  I  cannot  rem!_  lee'  them  ;  on  th  e  morning  of  Weilnesialevitetrhaedd  s STYLE=superscript  r  f STYLE=superscript  h STYLE=superscript  ess  p STYLE=superscript  ed  ee STYLE=superscript  t  . STYLE=superscript  n  I  found.  on  openin  g  th  e  London  bag,  a  `l  ,- STYLE=superscript  .  Gardner  in  an  envelope  which  was  °non,  anti  my  walled  to  it  more  Particularly  by  observing'  words  cause  of  death  I  then  took  the  encbeorre  helieve  those  were  the  from  the  envelope  eves  over  it.  an  , STYLE=superscript  lthp  siznl siznltention  tention siznltention  ;  I  r,t  ,- STYLE=superscript  1..r,  at  the  bottom  Ire  to  t  ted  th  gum  on  the  seal  and  secured  .it  ;  I  then  put  the  lettor  into  11  - STYLE=superscript  r.  Girdnlr's  letters  are  1,  and  slibiecpiently  it  was  on  forthl  think  I  lentioned  the  word  strvnhoi  to  Mr.  Palmer;  I  don't  recollee  naming  prucsic  acid  - STYLE=superscript  After  a  short  conversation,  in  the  Course  of  which  Dr.  Taylor  repeated  that  he  was  certain  of  having  securely  fastened  the  envelope  of  his  letter,  the  proceedings  were  adjourned  until  Thursday  next,  and  the  bail  of  the  accused  was  enlarged  until  that  day."
