text
"MISS  CUNNINGHAME-LETTER  FROM  HER  BROTHER  The  following  letter  explains  the  causes  and  circumstances  of  Miss  Cunninghatne's  release  :  8111 STYLE=superscript  ,—I  have  j  us  t  seen  t  h  e  repor  t  o  f  th  e  procee  di  ngs  o  f  a  d STYLE=superscript  eputation  which  waited  on  Lord  Clarendon  last  week,  to  thank  his  Lordship  for  his  exertions  in  procuring  the  liberation  of STYLE=superscript  m STYLE=superscript  y  sister,  Miss  M.  Cunninghame,  recently  impeached  at  Lucca;  and  I  observe  that,Lord  Clarendon,  in  his  reply,  is  reported  to  have  made  a  remark  calculated  to  leave  the  impression  that  my  sister  had,  in  fact,  infringed  the  law  of  Tuscany.  It  has,  indeed,  from  the  first,  been  too  hastily  taken  for  ?ranted,  both  in  England  and  elsewhere,  that  the  mere  distri distribution  bution distribution  of  religious  tracts,  or  the  Bible,  constituted  an  offence  against  the  law  of  Tuscany.  That  this,  however,  is  not  the  case,  the  following  state  went  may  serve  to  show.  At  the  time  when  my  sister  was  liberated  by  the  so-called  Pardon  of  the  Grand  Duke,  the  Camera  d'Accusa,  or  second  Court  of  Lucca,  before  which  my  sister's  case  stood  for  adjudi adjudication,  cation, adjudication, STYLE=superscript  had  actually  drawn  up,  signed,  and  sealed  a  decree,  acquitting  her  of  the  charge  of  which  she  stood  accused.  And  this  decree  was  only  prevented  from  being  delivered  '1  the  issue  of  the  Grand  Duke's  pardon,  which,  by  the  law  of  Tus STYLE=superscript  cany,  has  the  effect  of  quashing  the  proceedings  of  the  law  courts,  in  whatever  stage  they  may  be.  It  is  understood  that  this  decree  of  acquittal  proceeded,  re  on  the  want  of  proof  that  my  sister  had  distributed  the  t?  Testament  and  the  tracts  in  question,  but  on  the  ground  that  the  distribution  of  these  books  did  not  come  within  the  suing  of  the  law  under  which  she  was  accused  of  having  atte STYLE=superscript  mpted  to  propagate  doctrines  contrary  to  the  religion  of  the  Kate.  ``lt  is  well  known  that  at  the  time  when  the  Grand  Duke  c  ,___  41  44 STYLE=superscript  0  his  pardon,  he  was  perfectly  aware  of  the  decision  of  the  ,'&#34;'  l STYLE=superscript  ,  era  d'Accusa,  and  that  his  object  in  issuing  it  was  to  quash  the  decree  of  acquittal.  It  is  easy  to  conceive  how  little  agreeable  to  the  Grand  }Di  k STYLE=superscript  e  would  be  the  publication  of  a  decree  at  once  wounding  1  1  •  4 STYLE=superscript  Pride  and  depriving  his  bigotry  of  its  prey.  But  the  pub pubcation  cation pubcation  of  this  decree  would  have  been  most  precious  to  the  445 STYLE=superscript  e  of  religious  freedom  in  Tuscany.  It  would  have  been  a  heavy  blow  to  spiritual  despotism  ;  it STYLE=superscript  Would  have  decided  that  the  circulation  of  the  Scriptures  not  contrary  to  the  laws  of  tho  state  ;  and  it  would  a STYLE=superscript  ve  tau  g  ht  the  unfortunate  •Tu  scans  that,  though  oppressed  by  a  despotic  duke  and  a  persecuting  church,  they  had  still  I  ,  refuge  i  n  the  firmness  and  integrity  of  the  law  courts  of  ticea."
