text
"DAILY  TIMES.  other:  Why  should  our  public  justiciaries  be  placed  in  so  unenviable  and  harassing  a  position  ?  Capital  punishment  is  a  capital  mistake.  There  is  no  mistake  about  that:  It  cannot  be  justified  upon  any  pretence  whatever.  It  had  its  origin  in  the  wild  cry  for  which  has  charac characterised  terised characterised  barbarous  men  and  barbarous  times.  Traces  of  a  similar  policy  may  be  found  in  the  early  history  of  all  civilized  nations  ;  whilst  where  so society  ciety society  is  either  in  a  state  of  savageism,  or  without  organization,  the  same  rampant  spirit  is  percep perceptible.  tible. perceptible.  What  the  Indians  call  colonists  of  Australia  term  —we  refine  by  'using  the  smoother  word,  Justice  !''  which,  in  strict  phraseology,  means  nothing  more  or  less  than  an  eye  for  an  eye,  and  a  tooth  for  a  tooth  But  why  should  such  a  diabolical  statute statutelaw  law statutelaw  be  suffered  to  go  unrepealed  ?  What  benefit  does  it  confer,  that  it  should  be  permitted  to  re remain  main remain  in  force  ?  None,  certainly,  that  we  know  of.  It  cannot  atone  for  crime.  Neither  can  it  benefit  the  criminal.  And  society,  so  far  from  being  made  the  better,  is  invariably  made  the  worse.  Instead  of  having  a  salutary  effect  upon  the  viciously-dis viciously-disposed,  posed, viciously-disposed,  it  tends  the  rather  to  excite  their  evil  pro propensities;  pensities; propensities;  and  many  take  their  first  lesson  in  crime—which  they  sometimes  expiate  on  the  gal gallows—in  lows—in gallows—in  presence  of  the  scaffold,  the  felon,  and  the  hangman  !  A  fearful  reflection,  this  !  But  several  have  confessed  as  much  just  as  the  noose  was  about  to  be  placed  round  their  necks,  and  whilst  rigorous  Justice  was  panting  for  its  victim.  The  inviolability  of  human  life  is  the  specious  and  flimsy  pretext  adduced  by  the  supporters  of  the  nefarious  doctrine  of  capital  punishment.  But,  assuredly,  if  human  life  be  inviolable  in  one  instance  it  must  be  so  in  all.  How  can  such  a  claim  be  put  forward  as  long  as  we  wilfully  violate  the  very  principle  for  which  we  contend  - STYLE=superscript  ?  Mur Murder  der Murder  is  murder  all  the  world  over—whether  per perpetrated  petrated perpetrated  by  a  highwayman—a  midnight  assassin— assassinor  or assassinor  an  ermined  judge.  No  legal  enactment  can  justify  such  a  proceeding.  And  those  who  take  upon  themselves  to  pronounce  sentence  of  death  upon  any  man,  assume  an  immense  and  truly  awful  responsibility.  The  words  of  the  unhappy  culprit  who  has  just  undergone  the  extreme  penalty  our  law  awards,  when  gaunt  Death  and  rigid  Justice  were  striving  for  the  mastery,  are  well  worthy  of  serious  reflection.  They  eminently  serve  to  point  a  Why  do  they  endeavour  to  make  me  well,  when  it  is  only  to  hang  me—why  don't  they  let  me  die  now  How  long  is  English  civilization  to  be  impeded,  and  the  glory  of  the  English  nation  tarnished,  by  such  inhuman  deeds  ?  What  ever  alternative  be  adopted  let  us,  in  GOD'S  name,  get  rid  of  the  black  cap,  the  gallows,  and  the  hang-man  !  Under  the  head  Bullion  imports  and  will  be  found  in  this  day's  paper,  a  letter  from  Mr.  H.  C.  LANGTON.  This  gentleman  is  a  stock  broker,  and  anything  coming  from  such  a  source  on  Monetary  matters  is  deserving  of  attention.  Mr.  LANGTON  commences  by  asking  us  to  allow  him  to  point  out  a  serious  into  which  he  states  we  and  other  gentlemen  of  the  Press  are  apt  to  Now,  as  all  Editors  of  newspapers,  according  to  Nir.  LANGTON'S  notions,  are  given  to  making  seriqus  the  public  will  feel  much  more  disposed  to  pardon  our  blunders  than  they  will  those  of  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  LANGTON,  considering  he  is  by  pro profession  fession profession  a  Monetary  man.  After  letting  us  into  the  astounding  secret  that  large  sums  of  the  precious  metals  are  constantly  going  out,  of  which  there  is  no  entry  at  the  custom  house  or  any  other  he  goes  on  to  say  :  addition  to  the  commercial  indebtedness  of  England  to  the  nations  with  whom  she  is  trading,  requiring  Bullion  to  liquidate  the  balance,  there  must  always  be  a  considerable  amount  of  coin  going  out  in  the  pockets  of  emigrants  ;  and  there  is  certainly  a  not  insignificant  portion  of  the  precious  metals  bought  as  they  arrive  for  consumption  in  the  arts  and  sciences.  The  de demand  mand demand  for  this  last  named  purpose  is  daily  in increasing  creasing increasing  in  this  country,  but  more  especially  so  in  Now,  when  Mr.  LANGTON  couples  the  vast  sub subject  ject subject  of  England's  commercial  indeT)tedness  with  trifles  in  emigrants'  pockets,  and  the  paltry  amount  of  gold  which  is  required  for  the  arts  and  he  must  be  much  at  a  loss  to  know  how  to  estab establish  lish establish  the  serious  into  which,  he  says,  we  have  fallen.  In  the  article  to  which  Mr.  LANGTON  refers,  we  showed  very  clearly  that  a  certain  amount  of  gold  had  been  imported  into  England,  and  exported  again  within  a  given  time,  and  that  a  large  amount  of  the  gold  im imported,  ported, imported,  had  not  reached  the  Bank  of  Eng England,  land, England,  and  that  therefore,  the  weekly  returns  published  by  that  institution,  was  no  guide  as  the  actual  monetary  condition  of  the  country.  And  having  found  a  large  deficiency  in  the  returns,  as  compared  with  the  imports,  we  simply  asked  what  had  become  of  the  sum  which  had  not  reached  the  Bank  ?  By  the  way  of  answering  our  inquiry  Mr  LANGTON  reminds  us  of  the  commercial  indebted indebtedness  ness indebtedness  of  England,  as  if  the  commercial  debts  due  by  England  to  other  countries,  could  be  or  were  discharged  in  any  other  way  except  through  our  banks.  As  , STYLE=superscript  all  merchants  use  their  bankers  in  the  course  of  their  foreign,  as  well  as  their  domestic  trade,  all  sums  leaving  the  country  in  the  ordinary  course  of  trade,  would  be  traceable  either  in  the  increase  or  decrease  in  the  bullion  and  other  returns  of  the  banks.  With  regard  to  money  taken  away  in  the  pockets  of  emigrants,  _Mr.  LANGTON  seems  to  think  that  it  has  never  formed  a  portion  of  the  actual  circulation  of  the  country,  and,  therefore,  could  not  have  formed  a  portion  of  the  bullion  reserves  held  by  the  banks.  This  is  not  a  serious  of  Mr.  LANGTON'S,  but.it  is  a  very  absurd  idea,  as  any  of  our  bankers  can  prove.  Our  correspondent  would  also  lead  his  readers  to  infer  that  when  bullion  is  assigned  to  merchants,  or  is  brought  by  private  hand  to  this  country,  that  the  consignee  or  private  owner  carries  it  about  to  dispose  df  it  to  persons  connected  with  the  arts  and  and  that  it  consequently  never  reaches  the  banks,  to  increase  or  decrease  their  stock  of  bullion.  This  is  really  a  serious  mis 'mistake'  of  Mr.  LANGTON'S,  but  such  mistakes  are  like  all  other  evils,  they  never  come  And  our  critic  is  no  less  unfortunate  in  directing  our  atten attention  tion attention  to  the  course  of  exchange,  and  the  recently  published  returns  of  our  exports  and  imports.  Before  we  enter  at  any  length  on  the  subject  of  the  course  of  exchange,  we  should  like  to  know  if  Mr.  LANGTON  has  based  his  calculations  on  the  average  market  value  of  gold  in  any  of  the  large  producing  countries  with  which  we  trade,  or  whe whether  ther whether  he  rules  the  relative  value  of  money  between  England  and  the  continent,  America,  Australia,  or  India,  by  the  mint  price  of  3/.  17s.  101  d,  the  ounce,  which  is  a  standard  that  does  not  exist  ex except  cept except  in  a  certain  Act  of  Parliament.  We  regret  we  cannot  deal  satisfactorily  with  Mr.  LANGTON  on  this  subject  as  he  leaves  us  in  the  dark  as  to  the  bases  from  which  he  draws  his  notions  of  the  course  of  exchange.  On  the  next  and  last  heavy  consideration  touched  upon,  Mr.  LANGTON  shall  speak  for  himself  I  have  attempted  to  estimate  the  value  of  our  imports  as  furnished  by  the  Board  of  Trade,  for  the  last  nine  months  ;  the  result  of  my  estimate  is,  that  our  imports  amount  to  about  thirty  millions  sterling  over  and  above  the  same  for  the  corresponding  period  last  year.  Now  our  exports  of  manufactures,  as  you  are  aware,  are  said  to  have  amounted  to  twelve  millions  over  and  above  the  ex exports  ports exports  of  last  year,  but  if  our  imports  are  thirty  more,  it  is  .  quite  clear  that  there  is  a  balance  of  eighteen  millions  to  be  provided  for  in  some  way,  before  the  account  can  be  squared.  This  one  great  fact  will  at  once  explain  how  it  is  that  the  balance  of  trade  should  be  so  much  against  Eng England,  land, England,  and  that  the  course  of  exchange  should  be  so  Here  Mr.  LANGTON  appears  not  to  be  aware  of  the  fact  that  the  system  of  hypothesis  pur pursued  sued pursued  by  this  country,  a  surplus  of  18,000,000/.  in  our  imports  over  our  exports,  leaves  a  large  balance  of  produce  still  due  to  the  capitalists  of  England.  The  amount  employed  in  making  advances  against  produce  in  our  colonies  and  foreign  countries  is  variously  estimated  at  30,000,0001.  to  50,000,0001.  Let  Mr.  LANGTON  add  the  smallest  . STYLE=superscript  of  these  sums  to  the  total  of  exports  for  the  present  year,  and  the  result  will  be  the  balance  of  trade  between  England  and  all  the  world.  Mr.  LANGTON'S  letter  taken  in  its  entirety,  is  scarcely  an  average  pro production,  duction, production,  considering  it  comes  from  one  of  The  Monetary  THE  LATE  HEAD  CONSTABLE.—The  remains  of  the  late  Mr.  Dowlin  will  be  interred  this  morning.  CABINET  COUNCIL.--A  Cabinet  Council  was  held  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  at  the  Foreign  office  ;  and  a  Privy  Council  will  be  held  at  Windsor  on  Friday.  ANALYTIC  SYSTEM  OF  WRITING}.—Last  evening,  a  lecture  was.  delivered  at  the  Charitable  Institution,  Slater-street,  by  Mr.  Jos  :ph  Clarke,  late  of  the  Norwich  grammar-school,  on  his  Analytical  System  of  Writing.  EMBEZZLEMENT  AT  THE  RAILWAY  STATION.—It  is  ru rumoured  moured rumoured  thde  some  serious  defalcations  have  been  discovered  in  the  goods  department  of  the  Louden  and  North  Western  Railway  here,  and  that  one  of  the  officials  has  absconded  with  a  large  sum  of  money.  A  poor  rate  of  ls.  6d.  in  the  pound  for  the  township  of  Everton,  which  was  obtained  on  the  14th  inst.,  has  been  objected  to  by  several  of  the  most  influential  ratepayers,  on  the  ground  that  so  large  a  rate  is  uncalled  for  to  meet  the  expenditure.  PHILHARMONIC  HALL.—The  Oratorio  of  Sampson  was  performed  last  evening.  in  this  magnificent  hall.  The  principal  vocalists  were  Mdlle.  Viardot  Garcia,  Miss  Holt,  Mr.  Lockey,  and  Mr.  Weiss.  The  orchestra  was  full  and  effective,  and  the  oratorio  was  admirably  rendered.  Mdlle.  Garcia  sang  delightfully,  and  was  encored  in  several  of  the  airs.  DINNER  TO  W.  EARLE,  ESQ.—A  public  dinner  will  be  given  to  W.  Earle,  Esq.,  ou  Tuesday  evening  next,  at  the  house  of  Mr.  Craig,  in  Mulberry-street,  to  celebrate  his  re return  turn return  to  the  Town  Council  for  Abercromby  Ward.  George  Maxwell,  Esq.,  will  preside,  and  a  numerous  and  highly  respectable  company  will  be  present.  DEATH  FROM  A  FALL.—On  Monday  last,  Charles  Shaw,  a  sailor  on  board  the  steamship  which  arrived  in  this  port  on  the  previous  day,  fell  from  the  main-yard,  while  adjusting  some  portion  of  the  rigging,  by  which  he  received  such  severe  injuries,  that  he  died  shortly  after  being  admitted  to  the  Northern  Hospital.  An  inquest  was  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  held  upon  the  body,  when,  the  facts  having  been  proved  in  evidence,  a  verdict  of  accidental  was  re returned.  turned. returned.  A  NONDESCRIPT  IN  WANT  OF  A  MATE.—The  following  odd  advertisement  appears  in  a  contemporary  of  yester yesterday  day yesterday  A  married  man,  of  middle  a  ge  ,  p  ro  f  ess  i  ng  no  par particular  ticular particular  creed,  either  in  politics  or  in  theology,  having  re recently  cently recently  come  to  Liverpool  from  the  country  to  commence  busi business,  ness, business,  and  having  no  society,.  would  be  glad  to  meet  with  a  well-informed  party,  of  similar  position  and  habits,  for  the  sake  of  society.  The  advertiser  is  a  middle-class  man  in  point  of  circumstances,  and  has  received  a  tolerable  educa education,  tion, education,  but  has  never  been  accustomed  to  what  is  termed  good  EDUCATION  AND  CRIME  IN  MANCHESTER.—At  the  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  intermediate  sessions,  which  commenced  yesterday,  the  recorder,  in  his  charge  to  the  grand  jury,  stated  that  the  commitments  during  the  last  18  days  exceeded  anything  of  the  kind  he  had  ever  known.  The  total  number  of  per persons  sons persons  charged  with  felony  was  72,  and  three  were  charged  with  misdemeanour.  In  all  there  were  77  cases,  and  out  of  that  number  there  were  only  three  that  had  received  such  an  education  as  they  might  reasonably  suppose  would  have  produced  a  beneficial  effect  upon  their  character  and  conduct.  GAROTTE  ROBBERY.—Last  night,  as  a  sailor  named  Wil William  liam William  Moxon,  who  had  just  returned  from  a  voyage,  was  passing  along  Simpson-street,  he  was  surrounded  by  a  num number  ber number  of  idle  characters,  and  before  he  could  effect  an  escape,  one  of  them  took  from  his  pocket  ls.  4d.  They  evidently  expected  a  much  larger  booty,  as  some  of  the  parties  knew  him,  and  said,  well,  Bill,  so  you  are  Moxon  was  quite  sober  at  the  time.  The  police  were  on  the  spot  im immediately  mediately immediately  after  the  robbery.,  and  several  para.)s  wore  ry  appre apprehended  hended apprehended  ;  but  the  robbe  having  dexterously  exterously  effecteu,  Moron  could  not  identify  any  of  the  offenders.  ACCIDENTS.—On  Monday  a  number  of  men  were  working  on  a  stage  in  Mr.  Laird's  iron  shipbuilding  yard,  when  the  stage  gave  way  and  fell  upon  two  men,  named  John  Red Redmond  mond Redmond  and  Henry  Williams.  The  former  sustained  a  frac fracture  ture fracture  of  the  right  leg,  a  fracture  of  the  left  arm,  and  disloca dislocation  tion dislocation  of  the  ribs  of  the  left  side.  The  latter  concussion  of  the  brain.  Richard  Jones,  living  in  Crumb-street,  was  kicked  by  a  horse  in  Mill-street,  and  sustained  a  severe  con contusion  tusion contusion  of  the  side.  J  ames  H  y  d  e  ,  residing  in  Prince  William Williamstreet,  street, Williamstreet,  whilst  coming  home  from  his  work,  his  foot  slipped,  and  he  fell  off  the  parapet  producing  a  sever  contusion  of  the  ankle.  The  above  cases  were  received  at  the  Southern  Hos Hospital.  pital. Hospital.  SINGULAR  CASE  OF  CHILD  DESERTION.—Last  evening,  shortly  before  six  o'clock,  officer  No.  449,  found  a  male  child  comfortably  clothed,  and  apparently  about  seven  weeks  old,  on  the  steps  of  the  house  No.  6,  Daulby-street,  occupied  by  a  gentleman  named  Melville.  Attached  to  the  childs's  clothes  was  a  printed  declaration  purported  to  have  been  made  before  the  Lord  Mayor  of  Dublin,  by  a  female  named  Catherine  Sly,  stating  that  the  said  Catherine  Sly,  had  on  the  25th  of  December  last,  been  seduced  in  Dublin,  by  a  person  named  John  Melville,  who  was  the  father  of  the  child.  The  police  officer  conveyed  the  child  to  the  work workhouse,  house, workhouse,  Brownlow-hill.  Mr.  Melville  resided  for  some  time  in  Dublin.  Two  MEN  MORTALLY  STABBED  BY  SPANIARDS.  Yes  Yesterday  terday  Yesterday  morning  two  men  named  John  Sullivan  and  Thomas  Breslam  were  stabbed  near  the  Deptford  Dock  yard  by  Spaniards.  The  Spaniards  were  abusing  a  respectable  fe female,  male, female,  when  the  poor  men  went  to  her  assistance,  on  which  John  Sullivan  received  a  very  deep  wound  on  the  lower  part  of  the  stomach,  near  the  groin,  besides  other  injuries.  Thomas  Breslam  is  severely  stabbed  under  the  region  of  the  heart,  the  nature  of  which  precludes  the  slightest  hopes  of  his  recovery.  ACCIDENTS.  Yesterday,  a  carpenter,  named  Daniel  M'Laughton,  living  at  No.  9,  Great  Richmond-street,  fell  into  the.  Sandon  graving  -dock,  by  which  he  was  so  severely  injured  that  he  was  conveyed  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  where  he  at  present  remains  under  surgical  treatment.  Yesterday  _evening,  a  man  named  James  Dargen,  being  somewhat  intoxicated,  was  knocked  down  by  an  omnibus  in  Bold-street,  and  had  his  leg  broken.  In  the  afternoon,  Robert  James,  a  sailor  on  board  the  steamship  City  of  just  arrived  from  Philadelphia,  fell  from  the  gaff-topsail,  and  severely  injured  himself  in  various  parts  of  the  body.  He  was  conveyed  to  the  Northern  Hospital.  William  Logan,  while  engaged  in  his  employment  on  board  the  steamship  now  in  the  Sandon  graving gravingdock,  dock, gravingdock,  fell  to  the  bottom  of  the  dock,  and  was  much  injured  by  the  concussion.  PLEASING  TESTIMONIAL.—There  is  at  present  exhibitingin  the  window  of  Mr.  Jones,  of  Castle-street,  silversmith,  a  very  handsome  and  elaborately  chased  tea  and  coffee  service,  which  bears  the  following  inscription  :—This  tea  service  is  presented  to  Captain  R.  G.  Wilson,  of  the  British  ship  Philanthropist,  by  the  owners  of  the  American  ship  Continent,  for  the  gallant  and  humane  conduct  manifested  by  him  when  falling  in  with  that  ship  at  sea,  in  a  disabled  state,  on  the  2ist  of  August,  It  will  be  remembered  that  the  Continent  had  suffered  from  a  severe  hurricane,  and  was  in  a  sinking  state;  when  Captain  Wilson  fell  in  with  her,  and  remained  by  her  for  some  days,  eventually  taking  off  all  who  chose  to  avail  themselves  of  what  then  seemed  to  be  the  only  chance  of  escape  from  a  watery  grave.  The  Continent,  through  the  skill  of  her  Commander,  subsequently  reached  this  port,  where  she  is  at  present  being  repaired.  This  testimonial  is  a  well  deserved  one,  and  the  feeling  which  pfompted  its  presentation  is  alike  creditable  to  the  owners  of  the  Continent,  Messrs.  W.  Tapscott,  and  Co.  DESTRUCTIVE  FlRE.—Last  night,  about  eight  o'clock,  an  alarm  of  fire  was  given  that  the  St.  George's  Bazaar,  ex extending  tending extending  from  Queen's-square  to  St.  John's-lane,  was  on  fire.  Immediately  after  the  alarm  was  given,  Mr.  Hewett,  with  an  engine  belonging  to  the  company,  and  a  section  of  the  fire-brigade,  was  in  attendance,  but  unfortunately,  the  owners  of  the  property  were  too  anxious  to  save  their  own,  and  by  their  anxiety  lost  all  they  had,  having  previously  to  the  arrrival  of  the  fire-brigade,  opened  each  door,  which  caused  a  thorough  draft,  and  consequently  aided  the  flames.  As  soon  as  the  engines  were  brought  into  play,  the  fire  was  extinguished,  thus  saving  the  building,  although  the  entire  contents,  consisting  of  some  useful  and  fancy  articles,  all  of  a  combustible  nature,  were  totally  destroyed.  Fortunately,  by  the  exertions  of  the  fire-brigade,  the  building,  which  is  contiguous  to  most  valuable  property  was,  by  the  timely  ex exertions,  ertions, exertions,  aided  by  a  plentiful  supply  of  water,  saved.  After  the  fire  had  been  extinguished  it  was  a  painful  sight  to  wit witness  ness witness  the  owners  of  the  property—most  of  whom  had  lost  all  they  had  to  depend  upon  for  subsistence,  visiting  their  stalls.  We  believe  that  none  of  the  contents  of  the  building  were  insured,  the  stall-keepers  being  generally  too  needy  to  have  the  means  of  taking  that  precaution,  therefore  the  loss  will  fall  upon  themselves.  No  cause  for  the  fire  can  at  present  be  assigned.  Apparently  the  building  was  left  perfectly  safe  when  locked  up,  just  prior  to  the  alarm  of  fire  being  given.  The  person  entrusted  with  the  care  of  the  building  states  he  left  all  safe,  but  one  of  the  owners  of  a  stall  states  that  a  person  threw  away  a  portion  of  a  lighted  cigar  as  he  was  passing  through,  a  short  time  before  the  bazaar  was  closed."
