text
"TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  A  letter  from  Constantinople  of  the  25th  says  :---  On  the  20th  instant,  the  Ambassadors  of  Frannp  and  I  ngland,  after  having  received  despatches  from  their  respective  Governments,  requested  the  Porte  to  grant  a  delay  of  ten  days  before  commencing  hostilities  They  said  that  such  an  act  would  be  a  proof  of  the.  gratitude  of  the  Sultan  for  the  ser services  vices services  rendered  to  Turkey  by  the  Western  Cabinets  in  the  late  conjuncture.  But  non  officially  they  communicated  to  the  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs  that  France  and  England  had  sent  to  the  Emperor  Nicholas  an  ultimatuni  drawn  up  in  the  sense  of  the  modifications  made  by  the  Porte  in  the  note  of  Vienna.  Should  the  Czar  not  accept  this  ultima ultimatum,  tum, ultimatum,  the  Western  Powers  would  make  common  cause  with  Turkey  against  Russia.  On  the  other  hand,  should  he  accept,  an  arrangement  would  then  take  place  under  the  auspices  of  the  Western  Powers.  The  Ambassador  of  France  at  the  same  time  stated  that  a  summons  had  been  sent  to  Aus  tria  to  join  France  and  England  in  their  attempt  to  effect  a  settlement  of  the  dispute.  Should  she  ad  here  de  facto  to  the  proposal,  it  would  be  a  bona  fide  separation  on  her  part  from  Russia;  and  if  she  refused  to  do  so,  the  refusal  would  at  least  establish  her  position  clearly.  The  two  Ambassa Ambassadors  dors Ambassadors  also  announced  that  they  hoped  to  have  an  answer  from  St.  Petersburg  by  the  26th  or  27th  of  .  Beyond  the  fact  of  some  skirmishes  between  por portions  tions portions  of  the  hostile  armies  having  taken  place,  we  have  no  authentic  news  relating  to  the  war  in  Wal Wallachia  lachia Wallachia  ;  but  •  from  Constantinople  there  are  letters  which  would  appear  to  confirm  substantially  the  intelligence  of  the  commencement  of  hostilities  in  Asia.  They  say  that  on  the  20th  of  October  Massa  Bey  sent  a  reconnoitering  party  in  the  direction  of  Cirock-dere.  The  Russians  suprised  and  attacked  this  detachment  on  its  march.  Selim  Pasha  at attracted  tracted attracted  by  the  noise  of  the  skirmish,  advanced  with  reinforcements,  and  encountered  a  corps  of  15,000  Russians  from  Redout  Kale  and  other  points.  An  engagement  took  place  ;  the  Russian  forces  were  routed,  and  Selim  Pasha  established  his  head  quar quarters  ters quarters  at  Orelly,  at  the  distance  of  six  leagues  from  Cirockdere.  Letters  from  the  Persian  frontier  state  that  Mr.  Thompson,  the  British  Chargé  d'Affairs,  was  pre present  sent present  at  the  manoeuvres  in  the  camp  of  Sultanieh.  The  Ambassadors  of  Russia  and  Turkey  were  not  in  the  camp.  The  Affghans  had  sent  an  Ambassador  to  the  Schah,  entreating  him  to  take  the  part  of  Turkey,  and  threatening,  in  case  of  non-compliance,  to  march  upon  Hamadan.  This  news  is  confirmed  by  despatches  which  have  arriveddrom  Shiraz.  -  2  - STYLE=superscript  1111(36  T  el.  eu  'A.  his  statement  regarding  the  determined  attitude  as assumed  sumed assumed  by  the  French  government  on  the  Eastern  question."
