text
"THE  COURT  WINDSOR,  JAN.  29.---The  Queen  and  Prince  and  the  royal  family  walked  out  in  the  Home-park  this  afternoon.  The  Duchess  of  Sutherland  arrived  on  a  visit  to  her  Majesty.  The  dinner  party  comprised  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  the  Princess  Royal,  Prince  Edward  of  Saxe-  Weimar,  the  Duchess  of  Sutherland,  the  Earl  and  Countess  Stanhope,  Lord  and  Lady  John  Russell,  Lord  and  Lady  Stanley  of  Alderley,  Lady  Fanny  Howard,  the  Baroness  de  Speth,  the  Right  Hon.  William  and  Mrs.  Cowper,  the  Right  Hon.  T.  B.  Macaulay,  the  Right  Hon.  T.  Pemberton  Leigh,  Admiral  the  Hon.  R.  S.  Dundas,  Major-General  Sir  Richard  Airey,  and  Major-General  Dupuis,  R.A.  ARRIVAL  OF  HER  MAJESTY  AT  BUCKINGHAM  PALACE.—  Yesterday  morning  at  half-past  eleven  o'clock,  her  Majesty,  accompanied  by  his  Royal  Highness  Prince  Albert,  with  the  royal  suite,  left  Windsor-castle,  and  travelled  by  special  train  on  the  Great  Western  Railway  to  Paddington,  and  on'arriving  at  the  terminus  proceeded  in  several  of  her  Majesty's  carriages,  escorted  by  a  detachment  of  the  3rd  Light  Dragoon  Guards  to  Bucking Buckingham-palace,  ham-palace, Buckingham-palace,  where  the  illustrious  party  arrived  shortly  after  twelve  o'clock.  Her  Majesty  and  illustrious  party  were  received  at  Buckingham  -palace  by  the  Marquis  of  Breadalbane,  Duke  of  Wellington,  Right  Hon.  Lord  Ernest  Bruce,  M.P.,  &amp;c.  The  Guard  of  Honour  on  the  parade  at  Buckingham  -palace,  consisted  of  the  Coldstream  Guards.  In  the  afternoon  the  Queen  held  a  privy  council,  at  which  the  lists  of  sheriffs  for  the  ensuing  year  was  submitted,  and  approved  by  her  Majesty.  MARRIAGE  OF  CAPTAIN  SAYER  AND  Miss  PHIPPS.—  Yesterday  the  marriage  of  Captain  Sayer,  of  the  23d  Royal  Fusiliers,  to  Miss  Phipps,  eldest  daughter  of  Colonel  the  Hon.  C.,  B.  Phipps,  C.  8.,  Keeper  of  her  Majesty's  Privy  Purse,  and  niece  to  the  Marquis  of  Nor Norrnanby,  rnanby, Norrnanby,  took  place  in  the  Chapel  Royal  of  ;St.  George,  Windsor.  Her  Majesty  and  Prince  Albert,  accompanied  by  the  Princess  Royal,  the  Prince  of  Wales,  the  Princess  Alice,  and  Prince  Alfred  were  present  at  the  ceremony.  iiTHE  PEAC  ;CONGRESS  AT  PARlL—ThelC  onst  i  tut  i  onne  l  of  yesterday  states  its  opinion,  that  the  Peace  Congress  will  not  b  able  to  commence  its  deliberations  before  the  20th  or  25th  of  February.  It  also  says,  that  the  signa signature  ture signature  o'  the  preliminaries  of  peace  will  be  reserved  for  the  Congress.  The  armistice  also,  will  not,  if  the  above  version  be  accurate,  take  place  till  the  Congress  meets  The  Emperor  has  ordered  apartments  to  be  prepared  at  .  the  Elysee,  and  elsewhere,  for  the  official  residence  of  the  members  of  the  Peace  Conferences.  THREATENED  IMPEACHMENT  OF  MINISTERS.  —Yesterday  afternoon  a  public  meeting  was  held  at  St.  Marlin's  Hall,  Westminster,  in  compliance  with  an  invitation  placarded  to  the  following  effect  Do  the  men  of  Westminster  desire  peace  at  any  price  ?  The  Hon.  Colonel  Vereker  moved  the  first  resolution  condemnatory  of  the  proposed  pacification  and  declaring  the  terms  to  be  unsatisfactory.  The  resolution  was  seconded  by  Mr.  A.  B.  Richards.  A  stormy  discussion  followed  in  which  Mr.  Harris  attempted  in  vain  to  move  an  amendment  of  an  opposite  character,  and  eventually  a  resolution  in  favour  of  the  impeachment  of  ministers  was  almost  unanimously  agreed  to.  RUSSIAN  COMMERCIAL  POLICY.—The STYLE=superscript  Journal  de  St.  Petersburg  just  received,  contains  a  communication  from  the  Russian  Consul  at  New  Orleans,  suggesting  that  Russian  merchants  should  make  arrangements  for  obtain obtaining,  ing, obtaining,  corn  direct  from  America,  at  a  less  expense  than  it  can  be  supplied  via  Liverpool  and  London.  The  same  journal  remarks,  that  as  the  least  saving  in  the  price  would  be  of  the  utmost  importance,  direct  relations  ought  at  once  to  be  established  for  opening  this  new  branch  of  Commerce.  The  Invalide  Ruese  contains  news  from  the  East  coast  of  the  Black  Sea.  Iskander  Bey  was  severely  wounded  on  the  23rd  instant,  and  General  Prince  Andronikoff  had  been  dismissed  from  .  his  post,  as  Governor  of  Tiflis."
