text
",ndav  last  a  st  intense;  ITSt'tC  ,C  3:  and  art  in,  which.has  . STYLE=superscript  cont:iii9ed  'np  tat  ti  .old  was  y  say  10  degrees  greater  than  at  any  t  ime  last  year.•  Inside  my  own  tent,  the  thernaocue,ter  was  at  8  degrees  at'  10  or  24  degrees  below  the,'  freezing  point  ;  in  several  places  it  sunk  to  3  degrees  below  zero,  and  within  a  few  yards  of  me'  a  soldier  was  frozen  to  death  in  his  bed.  Several  sentries  who  felt  asleep  were  also  frozen  to  death;'  and  numbers  came  into  hospital  with  severe  frost-bites.  It  is  rather  thilder  to-day,  but  is  still  a  bard  frost.  The  camp  presents  a  singular  appearance  ;  the  ground  covered  with  snow  for  miles  around—the  white  of  the  snow  relieved  by  the  darker  shade  of  the  tents  and  huts,  while  men'pass  yoti  clad  in  every  conceivablc  fash:on.  of  winter  costume.  The  warm  clothing  for  the  men  came  just  in  time;  several  sledges  have.  been  started,  .and  snow-balling  has  taken  the  place  of  foot-ball  among  the  men.  Great  dissatis;-  faction  is  expressed,  at  the  irregularity  of  the'  mails.-  The  Freneh  have  got  the  contract  for  this  winter,  and  very  badly  they  manage  it.  We  have  two  mails  due,  of  which  nothing  has  been  heard.  Notwithstanding  the  lift liftter  ter liftter  experience  of  last  year  there  seems  as  mach  delay  and  ismanagementin  providing  for  the  army  this  winter,as  if  no  lesson  had  ever  been  learnt,  and  no  Russell  roused  a  country's  indignation.  Huts  are  still  on  the  road  ;  those  (that  have  arrived)  come  incomplete,  and  are  almost  use•  less;  they  let  in  the  water,  aro  always  deficient  in  some'  important  part,  and  are  made  of  miserably  thin  wood.  In  one  case  a  large  hospital  hut  was  sent  up  to  a  regi— regiment,  ment, regiment,  when  it  was  discovered  that  all  the  fastenings  belonging  to  it'had  been  sent  out  in  another  ship,and  were  supposed  to  be  then  at  Malta,  and  yet  government  has  not  spared  the  public  nionc,  , STYLE=superscript  y  ;  each  of  the  huts  for  the  men  costs  the  country  £2OO,  of  which  bargain  the  contractors  have  got  the  best.  FRANCE  (FRO.N.S  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY  EV  E  NING  .  ___  .  ,  .  In  consequence  of  the  fete  yesterday,  only  two  of  the  morning  papers  have  appeared  to  day—the  difonitevr  anal  =  the  former  containing  ,nothing,  cxcept  a  de-  - STYLE=superscript  tons  made  to  the  presen  nptror  yesterd  ,  and  the:latter  nothing  except  so;  article  on  the  Russian  circular  referred  to  in  my  letter  of  '  'Yesterday;  which  ,  article  presents  .nothing  of  itn itnparlance.  parlance. itnparlance.  ;have  had  some  conversation  to  day  with  a  political  ess  to  the  best  a,  aid  h  !Tie  jncit  Tostt  ly  that,  (as,  eh  government  has,.upt  :Atte,  sttest  expectation  of  O  A  :ploposition9  _.  A  •  .  _  -  -"
