text
"MEXICO.  We  have  advices  from  Mexico  to  the  3d  ult.  The  British  mail  steamer  Avon  had.  left  Vera  Cruz  without  having  shipped  her  freight  list  of  specie  and  cochineal.  A  norther  was  blowing  and  pre prevented  vented prevented  its  being  put  ou  board,  and  at  her  appointed  time  she  was  compelled  to  leave  without  it.  _  _  The  Mexican  war  steamer,  Estado  de  Mejico  had  left  Vera  Cruz  with  300  troops  on  board  for  Yuca Yucatan,  tan, Yucatan,  in  which  place  it  was  reported  that  a  revolution  had  broken  out.  The  Trail  d'  Union,  of  the  Ist  ult.,  states  that  the  post  of  Minister  of  War,  made  vacant  by  the  death  of  General  Tornel,  and  which  had  boen  filled  ad  interim  by  Don  Suarez  Navarro,  had  been  perma permanently  nently permanently  supplied  by  the  appointment  of  Don  Lino  J.  Alcorta,  who  took  the  oath  of  office  on  the  28th  ult.  The  same  paper  adds  - STYLE=superscript  that  some  excitement  had  been  created  by  Senor  Navarro's  having  been  ordered,  on  the  30th  ult.,  to  Acapulco,  whence  he  was  to  be  embarked  for  anilla,  in  consequence,  it  is  alleged,  of  some  act  of  insubordination.  The  cholera  continues  its  ravages  at  Oajaca.  The  Academy  of  Arts  and  Sciences  had  been  closed  A  number  of  well-known  citizens  are  named  among  the  victims.  _  A  decree  establishing  the  Jesuits  in  the  Repub Republic  lic Republic  has  been  published.  It  is  dated  from  Tabucaya,  the  19th  September,  and  is  countersigned  by  Sig Signor  nor Signor  Loxes,  Minister  of  Justice.  They  are  placed  in  the  same  position  in  nearly  every  respect  as  they  stood  in  before  they  were  banished.  They  are  to  be  considered  as  Mexican  citizens,  with  all  the  rights  and  duties  attached.  A  circular  has  been  issued  recommending  the  authorities  to  see  that  all  foreign  residents  are  in  possession  of  their  letters  of  safety.  •  A  letter  had  been  received  from  Gen.  Ari  Sta  stating  that  he  had  recovered  from  his  malady,  and  purposed  going  to  witness  the  operations  between  Russia  and  Turkey  should  war  break  out."
