text
"OVERLAND  MAIL.  In  advance  of  the  overland  mail,  th  e  j  ourna  l  s  f  rom  India  and  China  have  arrived.  The  dates  are—Calcutta,  1  Nov.  22;  Bombay,  Dec.  3;  and  China,  Nov.  15.  From  Calcutta,  we  learn  that  the  collision  so  long  0  expected  in  Oude  has  occurred  at  last.  Ameer  Alee,  the  1  fanatic  Moulavie,  lay  encamped  with  about  3000  followers  at  Daryabad.  In  this  attitude  they  remained  for  some'  ten  days,  the  Moulavie  unwilling  to  stir  without  rein reinforcements,  forcements, reinforcements,  and  the  King's  officer's  fettered  by  the  absence  of  definite  instructions  from  Lucknow.  Mean Meanwhile  while Meanwhile  every  kind  of  intrigue  was  put  in  motion.  Orders  were  issued  one  day  to  be  recalled  the  nest.  The  Moulavie  was  threatened  with  death.  He  was  implored  to  visit  Lucknow.  He  was  to  be  slain  wherever  he  could  be  found.  He  was  to  be  caressed  as  the  vindicator  of  an  outraged  faith.  At  length  the  vacillation  gave  way.  The  danger  of  British  interference  overcame  even  fanaticism,  and  Captain  Barlow  conveyed  to  camp  the  order  for  the  It  was  more  easily  issued  ;laughter  of  the  Moulavie.  than  obeyed.  The  lussulmen  in.  the  K  's  service  believed  would  at  the  first  shot  go  over  to  the  , STYLE=superscript  enemy.  a  parlow  understood  h  Forth-  position  and  his  )os  01  his  Enrades.  The  mil  quietly  the  LI  in  tn  their  larlow  had  al  ,ed  on  different  errands;  ut  five  companies  on  in  , STYLE=superscript  P  all  the  Mussulmen  beTAind  picked  corps  started  in  ammeclan  , STYLE=superscript  me  seven  s  in-adv  engagement  commenced  with  a  Alec  fell  wounded  at  the  first  shower  , STYLE=superscript  ol  g  discha  _;e,  but  his  Pathans,  mad  with  fanaticism,  charged  sword  in  hand  straight  up  to  the  muzzles  of  the  guns.  The  Pathans  saw  the  day  was  lost,  but  they  had  come  for  death  in  the  cause  of  Islam,  and  they.  died,  fighting  shoulder  to  shoulder,  roun  d  the  guns.  The  King's  Mussulman  troops,  enraged  at  the  manner  =in  which  the;  had  been  checkmated  by  Captain  Barlow,  drew  their  swords  on  their  Hindop  comrades,  and  the  tumult  was  only  suppressed  by  an  order  dispersing  the  regiments  to  different  and  distant'  stations.  About  200  Illndoos  and  300  Pathans  perished  on  the  field.  According  to  letters  from  Lucknow,  the  danger  is  not  yet  over.  The  fallen  are  regarded  as  martyrs,  and  the  ditch  into  which  the  bodies  were  thrown  is  styled  the  Martyr's  The  Prime  Minister  has  been  threat threatened  ened threatened  with  death,  the  sentries  at  his  gate  -have  been  cut  down,  and  an  outbrgak  in  Lucknow  itself.  The  revenue  has  fallen  to  nothing.  Martial  law  has  been  at  length  declared  in  the  Santal  districts.  The  Santals,  it  is  expected,  wilryield,  and  it  will  then  or  the  legislature  to  act  before  they  can  be  punished  as  they  deserve.  They  have  not,  however,  yielded  yet,  and  according  to  the  latest  accounts,  treat  um  fie  men,  like  the  menace  be  necessary  f  the  proclamation  as  a  b  the  former  offer  of  pardon.  Perhaps  the  most  important  occurrence  of  the  fort fortnight  night fortnight  is  the  declaration  of  independence'  on  the  part  of  the  Indian  legislature.  The  board  of  control  ordered  Me  leaislative•council  to  repeal  certain  clauses  of  act  8,  of  1855,  and  to  pass  other  clauses  in  •conformity  with  their  instructions.  The  chief  justice  resisted  this  dictation,  but"
