text
"The  MAYOR  :  Mr.  Moss  wishing  to  be  regular,  you  must  confine  yourself  to  the  charge  made  by  Mr.  Hodson.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Moss  :  I  shall  do  so.  Only  you  did  not  stop  him  making  that  long  harangue  about  a  party.  I  only  want  the  Council  to  know  there  were  scenes  enacted  in  that  ward  three  years  since,  much  more  disgraceful  than  ever  occurred  during  the  last  election.  (Chair,  and  order.)  I  shall  support  the  name  of  Mr.  Bradley;  it  would  be  a  perfect  disgrace  to  discard  a  respectable  man  in  this  council,  on  the  mere  ipie  dixit,  the  exparte  statement  of  a  man  like  Mr  Hodson.  (Oh,  oh,  and  chair.)  Mr.  BRADLEY,  (who  rose  amidst  the  most  profound  silence)  said  :  It  certainly  has  become  a  most  unpleasant  task  for  me,  to  stand  up  here  to  answer  such  a  charge  as  has  been  made.  In  the  first  instance  I  will  state  most  positively,  it  is  a  gross  falsehood  ;  and  emanating  from  the  party  it  does,  who  appeals  to  character,  I  think  he  is  the  last  man  who  ought  to  appeal  to  it,  considering  what  he  is  really,  and  nothing  .  more,  a  gambler  and  blackleg  in  the  town.  (A  scene  of  indescribable  confusion  ensued  on  the  utterance  of  this  sentence,  followed  by  an  unanimous  cry  of  withdraw,  retract,  chair,  order.  Mr.  Alderman  Parker.  Mr.  Beckwith,  and  some  other  gentlemen  were  on  their  legs,  endeavouring  to  make  themselves  heard,  but  in  vain,  the  cry  of  drowning  their  voices.)  The  MAYOR,  (when  order  was  somewhat  restored,  although  two  or  three  members  were  on  their  legs)  said,  I  cannot  allow  anybody  to  rise.  (Hear,  hear,  and.  order.)  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Mr.  Chairman,  (loud  cries  of  withdraw,  withdraw.)  The  MAYOR  :  Mr.  Bradley,  it  is  my  duty  to  require  you  to  withdraw  those  words  and  expressions  from  being  applied  to  any  member  of  this  council.  (Hear,  hear,)  I  am  sure  you  will  see  it  is  important  to  the  conducting  of  the  business,  that  you  should  withdraw  the  words  and  epithets  you  have  applied.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  :  And  also  to  apologize  to  the  council.  (Chair,  order.)  The  MAYOR  :  Allow  me  Mr.  Parker.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  I  withdraw  the  expression  used  in  a  moment  when  my  feelings  were  excited.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  a  serious  charge  has  been  brought  against  my  private  character  by  this  man.  Ido  think  the  source  from  which  it  emanated  ought  to  prove  the  untruthfulness  of  the  story.  There  is  no  doubt,  this  has  arisen  from  a  party  feeling  towards  myself  and  Mr.  Moss,  with  a  view  that  we  should  be  taken  off  of  every  Committee  in  the  Council,  and,  for  what  ?  For  exercising  that  duty  whichevery  man  in  this  Council  I  suppose  exercises.  That  is,  to  act  according  to  his  sentiments  and  feelings,  when  such  a  time  occurs  as  the  return  of  the  representative  of  any  ward  in  the  town.  In  assisting  my  friend,  Mr.  Powell,  I  certainly  did  come  across  scenes  that  were  of  the  grossest  character  ;  and,  as  Mr.  Holden  has  really  introduced  him himself  self himself  into  this  matter,  I  must  say,  so  far  as  I  am  acquainted  with  this  affair,  for  it  came  before  me  in  a  very  indirect  manner,  it  was  this  that  the  -man  Stopford,  was  brought  to  the  Committee-room,  and  what  was  his  demand  ?  He  wanted  to  know  whether  Powell's  Committee  would  give  him  a  sum  of  £5,  and,  to  the  Mr.  Jones  that  Mr.  Oliver  Holden  mentions,  a  situation  as  a  poll  clerk  in  the  election.  The  Committee  at  once  stated  they  would  not  countenance  anything  of  the  kind,  and,  from  that  moment,  I  believe  that  that  man  whom  he  calls  his  own  servant,  Stopford  was  never  in  the  room  afterwards.  To  my  knowledge  certainly  not,  in  any  form  or  shape.  That  is  tho  whole  and  real  substance  of  the  matter.  The  man  came  there  to  know  whether  Mr.  Powell's  Committee  would  give  him  £5  for  his  vote  ;  he  was  in  difficulties  ;  he  had  lost  something  like  16  or  16  horses  during  the  last  year  or  the  year  before,  and  if  the  Committee  did  that,  he  would  vote  for  them,  provided  also,  they  would  place  this  Jones,  whom  he  speaks  of,  as  poll  clerk.  Now  I  will  appeal  to  the  Alderman  of  the  Ward,  to,  know  whether  such  a  party  was  poll  clerk  or  not.  I  can  positively  state  he  was  not,  nor  was  there  any  arrangement  entered  into  with  those  men  ;  but  they  were  sent  at  once  awry,  and  told  the  Committee  would  not  interfere  in  any  such  matter.  That  is  the  sum  and  substance  of  all  that  I  know  of.  But  you,  see,  Mr.  Mayor,  this  is  a  mere  disguise  to  do  away  with  the  feeling  which  first  dictated  this  attack.  It  is  because  that  I  chose  to  exercise  the  right  which  every  man  has  a  right  to  exereise,  that  is,  to  assist  his  friend,  I  am  to  be  brought  for forward  ward forward  before  the  public  in  this  unseemly  manner.  And  for  what  ?  Because  I  unfortunately  beat  Mr.  Hodson  in  the  Ward,  defeated  him  by  the  largest  majority  that  ever  voted  in  the  Ward.  Hence  this  angry  tone  of  feeling  on  his  be behalf,  half, behalf,  and  this  trumphing  up  of  matters  of  this  kind.  I,  as  a  gentleman,  sir,  give  you  my  wordof  honour  that  every  word  of  what  he  has  said  is  a  gross  and  downright  falsehood.  I  can  say  no  more,  but  on  the  honour  of  a  gentleman  I  state  what  I  now  do.  The  MAYOR  observed  that  as  Mr.  Bradley  had  withdrawn  the  expressions  which  were  made,  at  a  moment  of  excite excitement,  ment, excitement,  against  a  member  of  the  Council,  and  which  were  not  in  accordance  with  the  feelings  of  the  Council,  he  should  beg  both  Mr.  Bradley  and  Mr.  Hodson  to  allow  the  subject  to  remain  as  it  stood,  if  the  Council  were  satisfied  with  the  with withdrawal  drawal withdrawal  of  the  expressions.  Mr.  BRADLEY  was  about  to  make  some  observations,  when  _  _  .  The  MAYOR  again  said  that  it  was  his  duty  to  ask  both  Jaim  and  Mr.  Hodson  to  give  their  assurance  that  they  would  allow  the  matter  to  rest  as  it  was.  (Oh  !  oh!  and  cries  of  is  too  Mr.  HODSON  :  So  far  as  I  am  concerned  I  wash  my  hands  clear  of  it,  and  if  you  allow  me  Mr.  BRADLEY  (interrupting)  said  that  he  thought  he  had  a  privilege,  as  a  member  of  the  Water  Committee,  to  call  upon  the  Chairman  of  that  Committee,  and  also  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee  of  Works,  to  state  if,  for  the  twelvemonths  he  had  sat  with  them  on  those  Committees,  he  had  been  guilty  of  anything  derogatory  either  to  his  position  as  an  individual  or  a  member  of  the  Council.  He  wouhE  ask  them  if  he  had  not  given  that  strict  attention  to  the  duties  of  the  Committees,  which  every  person  ought  to  give  when  they  were  placed  upon  them.  He  would  likewise  go  on  to  say  that  if  this  matter  had  any  foundation  in  truth  in  it,  Mr.  Hodson  himself  was  on  the  Water  Committee,  and  it  appeared  very  strange  that  he  (Mr.  Hodson)  being  himself  ou  the  Committee,  could  permit  such  a  matter  to  take  place.  Was  it  possible  for  him,  as  a  member  of  that  Committee,  to  say.  -j STYLE=superscript  iir.  HODSON  :  I  will  prove  my  case  if  I  get  a  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  and  I  will  prove  that  the  man  is  stating  what  is  untrue.  Mr.  BRADLEY  still  felt  that  he  had,  in  some  degree,  the  privilege  of  calling  on  the  gentlemen  to  whom  he  had  re.  ferred,  to  substantiate  what  he  had  said.  The  MAYOR  observed  that  the  only  question  then  before  the  Council  was,  whether  Mr.  Bradley  should  be  retained  on  the  Committee,  or  suspended.  Mr.  HODSON  :  I  move  that  Mr.  Bold  be  eleoted  in  his  place.  Mr.  HORNBY  thought  that  the  place  should  not  be  filled  up  until  the  matter  was  inquired  into.  A  very  serious  charge  had  been  made  against  Mr.  Bradley,  and  if,  upon  inquiry,  it  turned  out  to  be  the  fact,  ho  thought  that  not  only  would  it  incapacitate  Mr.  Bradley  to  be  a  member  of  the  Committee,  but  it  would  be  a  question,  then,  whether  it  would  not  become  incumbent  on  the  Council,  to  institute  further  proceedings.  By  leaving  the  'appointment  open  they  would  be  enabled  to  do  Mr.  Bradley  justice,  (hear,  hear,)  but  to  inquire  into  the  charge.  He  should  therefore  move  that  the  appointment  be  left  open.  Mr.  HoLT  said  that  Mr.  Bradley  had  referred  to  him,  as  chairman  of  the  late  Committee,  to  state  whether  o  r STYLE=superscript  not  he  (Mr.  Holt)  had  seen  any  improper  interference  in  the  duties  of  the  Committee  by  him.  He  had  no  objection  to  say  that  he  had  observed  nothing  of  the  kind  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Bradley.  The  present  charge  was  a  matter  that  did  not  present  itself  to  him  (Mr.  Holt),  and  in  no  way  had  he  seen  Mr.  Bradley  to  act  in  a  derogitory  manner,  either  to  himself  or  the  Committee.  Mr.  LANGSDALB,  as  Chairman  of  the  Committee  of  Works,  could  also  state  that  he  had  never  observed  anything  in  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Bradley  but  what  was  proper  and  correct.  Mr.  BRAMLEY-MOOR  would  not  be  a  consenting  party  to  strike  off  any  gentleman's  name  from  any  committee,  inasmuch  as  by  such  a  proceeding  they  would  be  pronounc pronouncing  ing pronouncing  a  verdict  on  the  gentleman  upon  an  ex  parte  statement.  He  therefore  thought  the  course  pursued  by  Mr.  Hornby  in  moving  the  motion  he  had  done,  was  the  only  one  that  could  afford  Mr.  Bradley  an  opportunity  of  vindicating  his  character  from  the  charge  that  was  made  against  him.  The  proper  course  was  to  appoint  a  special  committee  to  inquire  into  the  charge,  and  he  would  therefore  second  Mr.  Hornby's  proposition  that  the  place  be  left  open.  The  motion  was  unanimously  adopted.  OBSERVATORY  COMMITTEE.  Mr.  Picrox,  in  the  absence  of  Mr.  Neill,  moved  that  the  following  gentlemen  be  the  Observatory  Committee,  and  in  doing  so,  observed  that  he  submitted  the  names  merely  as  they  had  been  presented  to  him  by  Mr.  Neill  :  Messrs.  H.  Neill,  J.  Tyrer,  T.  Wagstaff,  J.  A.  Picton,  A.  Hender Henderson,  son, Henderson,  W.  J.  Horsfall,  0.  Holden,  J.  Gladstone,  jun.,  and  J.  R.  McGuffie.  The  motion  was  unanimously  adopted.  WATER  COMMITTEE.  Mr.  HOLT  moved  that  the  following  gentlemen  constitute  the  Water  Committee  :  Messrs.  G.  Hat,  J,  Cooper,  E.  Langsdale,  T.  Avison,  J.  B.  Branker,  H.  Hornby,  T.  ag agstaff,  staff, agstaff,  J.  liolme,  J.  Woodruff,  T.  L.  Hodson,  J.  Stewart,  M.  Gregson.—The  appointment  of  Mr.  Bradley  to  the  com.  mittee  to  remain  open  for  the  present.  The  motion  was  unanimously  adopted.  LIBRARY  AND  MUSEUM  COMMITTEE.  Mr.  PicroN  moved  that  the  gentlemen  who  constituted  this  Committee  last  year  be  re-appointed;  but  as  they  would  have  very  important  duties  to  perform  in  organising  the  new  library  and  museum,  the  Committee  thought  it  would  be  well  if  Mr.  J.  Holme  were  added  to  their  number.  The  Committee  would  then  consist  of  Messrs.  J.  Picton,  T.  Avison,  J.  M.  Nicoll,  W.  Bennett,  G.  Holt,  R.  M.  Beck Beckwith,  with, Beckwith,  J.  Woodruff,  T.  Fleming,  J.  Bigham.  J.  C.  Fernihough,  J.  Stewart,  Robertson  Gladstone,  Sir  John  Bent,  and  Mr.  J.  Holme—the  appointment  of  Mr.  Bradley  on  the  Com Committee  mittee Committee  to  remain  open  for  the  present.  Mr.  J.  HoixE  begged  to  be  excused  from  this  Committee,  inasmuch  as  he  was  on  so  many  other  Committees,  and  had  so  many  duties  to  perform  that  he  could  not  attend  to  the  new  duties  which  were  about  to  be  placed  on  him.  Mr.  Moss  conceived  Mr  Holme's  objection  a  just  one,  and  well  worthy  the  consideration  of  the  Council  ;  for  no  man  should  be  placed  on  a  Committee  who  would  not  attend  o  its  duties.  There  was  Mr.  Hodson,  for  instance,  who"
