text
"CUBAN  AFFAIRS.  The  New  York  Times  published  an  address  to  the  people  of  Cuba  from  the  Cuban  exiles  in  New  York.  The  chief  object  of  the  address—which  has  been  secretly  but  very  widely  circulated  in  Cuba  —is  to  show  by  the  collation  of  historical  facts,  that  Spain  is  about  to  take  measures  for  sur suriendering  iendering suriendering  Cuba  to  the  domination  of  the  enfranchised  ilaves  ;  and  that  the  only  way  in  which  so  disastrous  a  re result  sult result  can  be  prevented,  is  by  a  revolution,  which  shall  wrest  the  Island  from  Spanish  power,  and  place  its  government  in  the  hands  of  its  own  people.  The  Junta  state  that  their  preparations  are  complete  —that  the  exiles  are  thoroughly  united,  and  that  a  revolution  in  Cuba  is  inevitable.  They  count  upon  the  warm  sympathy  of  the  American  people,  and  assert  that  the  government  will  not  throw  obstacles  in  their  way.  The  testimonial  subscription  to  Lieutenant  Bellot  closes  on  the  31st  instant.  CHRISTMAS  AND  NEW  YEAR'S  110LIDAYS.-It  is  generally  understood  that  as  Christmas  and  New  Year's-day  fall  upon  Sundays,  the  days  following  will  be  kept  as  holidays.  SUDDEN  DEATH  AT  THE  LONDON-BRIDGE  STATION.-011  Friday  Mr.  William  Matthews  died  at  the  North  Kent  rail railway  way railway  station,  London-bridge.  The  deceased  had  suddenly  fallen  down  and  expired.  LANCASHIRE  AND  YORKSHIRE  RAILWAY.  —The  directors  of  this  company  have  just  visited  Fleetwood,  with  the  re reported  ported reported  intention  of  establishing.  extensive  dock  accommoda accommodation  tion accommodation  in  connection  with  their  line  at  that  port.  PROFITS  OF  SPIRIT  ItArpma.  —The  Fox  girls,  says  a  New  York  paper,  having  rapped  a  large  fortune  out  of  the  pockets  of  the  people,  have  purchased  a  fine  place  in  Harmonia,  and  retired  to  private  life.  If  spiritualism  is  a  humbug,  they  have  found  it  a  profitable  one  at  least.  ROBBERY  FROM  A  SHOP  IN  BUTLER-STREET.--At  the  Manchester  city  police-court,  on  Saturday,  two  boys  were  sent  to  the  sessions  to  take  th  e  i  r  t  r  i  a  l  o  n  a  charge  of  stealing  a  glass  case  and  some  biscuits  from  a  shop  in  Butler-street,  Oldham-road.  BREAD  ROBBERY.—On  Saturday,  at  the  Manchester  city  police-court,  three  boys  named  John  Rutter  Hugh  Connelly,  and  David  R  e  id,  were  eac  h  sentence  d  to  be  imprisoned  for  21  days  for  having  on  the  previous  afternoon  stolen  a  quantity  of  bread  from  a  van  in  Tipping-street,  the  pcoperty  of  Mrs.  Madin.  ROBBING  A  TILL.—On  Saturday,  at  the  Manchester  City  police-court,  a  person,  named  John  Allen,  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions,  on  a  charge  of  having,  on  the  previous  day,  robbed  the  till  of  Mr.  Halliday,  shopkeeper,  Shudehill,  of  M.  •  LETTERS  FOR  ARCTIC  SHIPS.—Dee.  17.—Letters  for  offi officers  cers officers  and  seamen  'serving  on  board  the  undermentioned  ships  will  be  in  time  to  be  forwarded  if  sent  to  the  admiralty  on  or  before  the  Ist  of  January,  1854  :  —Her  Majesty's  ships  Enterprise,  Rattlesnake,  and  Plover.  WHITEHAV.EN,  CLEATOR,  AND  EGRENIONT  RAILWAY.—  At  a  meeting  of  the  promoters  last  week,  it  appeared  that  at  present  it  is  intended  to  carry  the  line  so  far  up  Ennerdale  only  as  the  point  where  the  ironworks  are  in  operation  at  Cleator,  and  that  Lord  Lonsdale  had  taken  shares  to  the  ex extent  tent extent  of  5,000/.  DARIEN  SHIP  CANAL.—Among  the  passengers  who  went  out  in  the  Orinoco,  which  left  Southampton  on  Saturday  with  the  West  India  mails,  were  the  staff  of  officers  ap appointed  pointed appointed  to  survey  the  route  for  the  ship  canal  across  the  isthmus  of  Darien.  A  number  of  miners  also  went  oat  in  the  Orinoco,  who  will  proceed  as  far  as  Chagres  in  the  West  India  packet.  THE  NEW  POLICE  FOR  PENDLETON  AND  BROUGHTON.—  This  (Monday)  morning,  at  nine  o'clock,  the  new  police  for  the  townships  of  Pendleton  and  Broughton,  appointed  under  the  Salford  Borough  Extension  Act,  will  assemble  for  the  first  time  in  their  new  uniform,  at  the  Salford  Town-hall,  and  thence  march  under  the  direction  of  their  inspectors  to  their  several  beats.  SHOP  ROBBERY.-At  the  City  police-court,  Manchester,  on  Saturday,  a  person,  named  Hugh  Gallagher,  was  com committed  mitted committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  session,  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Rawdon,  Shudehill,  a  glass  case,  containing  a  large  quantity  of  cutlery,  including  knives,  forks,  scissors,  Scc.  BURGLARY.-At  the  Manchester  City  police-court,  on  Saturday,  two  young  men,  named  James  Dagnally  and  William  Francis,  were  charged  with  breaking  into  the  dwelling-house  (between  the  15th  and  16th  instant)  of  Mrs.  Moore,  residing  in  Charles  .street,  and  stealing  therefrom  a  jacket,  a  pair  of  shoes,  an  overcoat.,  and  other  articles.  The  robbery  was  discovered  on  one  of  the  lodgers  going  down  Stairs  early  in  the  morning,  when  he  missed  his  breakfast,  which  was  generally  placed  in  a  particular  part  of  the  kit kitchen.  chen. kitchen.  The  burglary  was  clearly  made  out,  after  the  exami examination  nation examination  of  several  witnesses,  and  the  prisoners  were  committed  to  the  assizes.  THE  EVERTON  NATIONAL  Scirooas.—On  Sunday  sermons  were  preached  in  St.  George's  and  St.  Chrysostom's  churches,  Everton,  on  behalf  of  the  Everton  national  schools.  In  the  morning,  at  St.  George's,  by  the  Rev.  W.  W.  Ewbank,  M.A.,  incumbent  ;  and  in  the  evening,  by  the  Rev.  John  Macnaught,  M.A.,  incumbent  of  St.  Chrysostom's.  In  the  morning,  at  St.  Chrysostom's,  by  the  Rev.  J.  Macnaught,  and  in  the  evening,  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Lawrence,  curate  of  St.  George's.  The  united  collections  after  the  respective  sermons,  amounted  to  upwards  of  £6O.  FROM  THE  ROYAL  AUSTRALIAN  MAIL  PACKET  VICTORIA.—The  tide-surveyor  at  Falmouth,  Mr.  Gould,  ob observing  serving observing  a  boat-load  of  baggage  landing  at  the  Fish  Strand  from  this  ship  without  an  officer  in  charge,  caused  the  goods  to  be  detained  and  overhauled  in  the  usual  way  at  the  custom customhouse,  house, customhouse,  when  manufactured  silks  of  various  colors,  thought  to  be  Chineie,  and  of  the  supposed  value  of  2001.  were  found,  belonging  to  one  of  her  passengers.  They  were  seized  ac accordingly,  cordingly, accordingly,  as  was  also  the  boat  employed  in  taking  the  goods  on  shore.  It  is  supposed  the  Board  of  Customs  will  direct  the  waterman  to  be  prosecuted.  SUICIDE  IN  A  CAB.  —On  Saturday  Mr.  Wakley  held  an  inquest  at  the  Elephant  and  Castle,  King's-road,  Camden Camdentown,  town, Camdentown,  on  the  body  of  Mrs.  Marshall,  wife  of  a  hosier,  carry carrying  ing carrying  on  business  at  No.  80,  Regent-street.  The  deceased,  who  was  a  remarkably  flue  woman,  elegantly  dressed,  left  home  on  Thursday  afternoon,  and  proceeded  to  Camden Camdentown,  town, Camdentown,  where  she  hired  a  cab  and  directed  the  driver  to  take  her  to  London-bridge.  On  arriving  at  the  tollgate  in  the  Old  Pancras-read,  the  man  at  the  tollbar  receiving  no  reply,  opened  the  cab  door  and  found  the  occupant  bleeding  from  a  wound  in  her  throat.  She  was  immediately  driven  to  the  nearest  surgeon's,  and  almost  immediately  expired.  The  evidence  of  the  surgeon,  Mr.  Waldegrave,  also  went  to  show  that  the  deceased  had  taken  essential  oil  of  almonds—sufli almonds—suflident  dent almonds—suflident  to  cause  death.  The  wound  in  the  throat  was  inflicted  with  a  pocket  knife,  which  was  found  upon  deceased,  and  which  was  quite  new.  The  deeeased  having  been  for  some  time  in  a  desponding  state  of  mind,  the  jury  returned  a  verpict  of  Temporary  CHRISTMAS  HAMPERS.  HENRY  HAYES  AND  CO.,  WINE  AND  SPIRIT  MERCHANTS,  Have  prepared  for  delivery  WINE  and  SPIRIT  HAM HAMPERS,  PERS, HAMPERS,  in  27  differently  arranged  Packages,  at  125.,  205.,  and  30s.  each  ;  and  which  may  be  obtained  from  their  Establishments—"
