text
"TURKEY  We  have  already  announced  the  presentation  to  the  Sultan  by  the  French  Ambassador,  M.  Thou Thouvenel  venel Thouvenel  of  the  Grand  Cordon  of  the  Legion  of  Honour.  His  Majesty  the  Sultan,  on  receiving  from  the  hands  of  the  Ambassador  the  Emperor's  letter  and  the  insignia  of  the  Order,  as  remarkable  for  the  brilliancy  of  the  jewels  in  which  they  are  set  as  for  their  exquisite  workmanship,  replied  as  follows  :  I  consider  these  precious  insignia  not  only  as  a  token  of  the  private  friendship  of  his  Majesty  the  Emperor,  my  august  ally,  for  myself,  but  also  as  one  of  the  great  consequences  of  the  •memorable  alliance  which  is  destined  to  consolidate  for  ever  those  ancient  relations  of  friendship  which  exist  between  the  two  empires.  lam  the  more  touched  by  this  mark  of  consideration  on  the  part  of  his  Majesty,  as  it  is  the  first  foreign  decoration  which  I  receive,  and  I  am  also  glad  to  receive  it  from  the  hands  of  so  distinguished  an  Ambassador  as  yourself  I  sincerely  hope  that  my  untiring  efforts  for  the  welfare  of  all  my  subjects  will  be  crowned  with  the  desired  success,  and  that  my  empire  having  be become,  come, become,  henceforth,  one  of  the  members  of  the  great  European  family,  will  prove  to  the  whole  universe  that  it  is  worthy  of  occupying  an  important  place  in  the  circle  cf  civilised  nations.  Turkey  will  never  forget  the  generous  services  which  its  noble  Allies  have  imposed  upon  themselves  to  procure  this  happy  and  great  result.  I  will  write  directly  to  the  Emperor  to  thank  him;  but  I  request  you,  Monsieur  rAmbassadeur,  to  make  him  acquainted  with  this  expression  of  my  sentiments.  To  complete  this  ceremonial,  M.  Thouvenel  pro.  :  cPeded  in  great  state  to  the  palace  of  Tcheragan.  Four  of  the  Sultan's  state  carriages  were  sent  to  the  French  embassy  for  himself  and  suite.  The,  Ambassador's  carriage  was  drawn  by  four  greys.  This  carriage  had  been  prepared  in  anticipation  of  the  Emperor's  visit.  A  letter  from  Constantinople,  describing  the  reception,  says  :—lt  is  supposed  that  the  English  ambassador  will  propose  to  his  court  to  send  also  a  decoration  to  the  Sultan  ;  hut  the  matter  is  con considered  sidered considered  difficult,  in  consequence  of  the  statues  and  formalities  of  the  Order  of  the  Garter  and  the  impossibility  of  giving  to  a  sovereign  any  but  the  chief  order  of  the  State.  PRUSSIA.  Despatches  dated  Berlin  January  9,  mention  that  there  can  be  no  doubt  that  Austria  has  Lily  determined  to  induce  the  Frankfort  Diet  to  make  some  manifestation  on  the  Eastern  question.  Count  O'Donnell,  the  Emperor's  Aid-de  -Camp,  is  commissioned  to  visit  various  of  the  German  Courts  to  feel  the  way  for  this  object.  A  correspondent  writing  on  the  same  day  states.  that  in  Berlin,  some  fioliticans  are  looking  forward  to  the  speedy  publication  of  the  result  of  some somewhat  what somewhat  lengthy  diplomatic  negociations,  that  have  been  going  on  between  Russia  and  the  United  States.  No  one,  however,  seems  to  be  Male  to  state  on  what  pint  the  said  negotiations  have  turned,  nor  in  what  they  have  resulted,  but  are  not  the  less  convinced  that  Herr  Bodiseo,  Secre Secretary  tary Secretary  of  the  Russian  Legation  at  Washington,  who  a  few  days  back  passed  through  here  on  his  way  to  St.  Petersburg,  is  the  bearer  of  the  important  document.,  The  American  Government,  which  repudiates  the  right  claimed  by  Denmark  to  levy  Sound  dues,  recognises  at  the  same  time  the  equity  of  Den Denrnark's  rnark's Denrnark's  being  indemnified  for  the  expense  she  has  been  at  in  buoying  and  lighting  the  Sound,  and  is  willing  to  pay  a  quota  towards  this  and  a  fair  share  towards  the  future  maintenance  of  the  necessary  establishment.  For  the  first  purpose  the  American  thalers,  or  Government  /3,0001.  seems  to  b  ©  willing  to  pay  40,000  Quite  at  the  end  of  the  year  the.  Sound  was  visited  by  such  mild  weather  that  the  straits  were  open  in  every  direction,  and  no  trace  of  ice  was  visible  anywhere.  The  American  clipper  Wolga,  which  has  been  so  long  lying  there  biding  her  time,  at  last,  in  the  full  persuasion  of  meeting  no  British  cruiser  in  the  Bay  of  Finland,  put  to  sea  on  Christmas  eve.  It  seems  certain  that  this  vessel  had  a  valuable  cargo,  chiefly  of  arms,  on  board,  and  had  been  waiting  so  long  in  those  waters  for  an  opportunity  of  bringing  them  in  safety  to  the  Russian  coast.  The  vessel  was  built  in  Boston,  and  is  navigated  by  a  Dane  of  the  name  of  Holm,  perfectly  intimate  with  the  Danish  waters  and  the  Russian  coast.  She  has  been  seen  since  off  Bornholm,  sailing,  with  every  stitch  of  canvass  strained,  towards  the  Bay  of  Finland.  A  Russian  merchantman  also,  with  the  Russian  flag  .flying,  left  Elsinore  on  the  29 STYLE=superscript  th.  of  December,  hom  ewar  d  b  ound,  a  f  ter  lying  there  perdu  for  about  two,years,  and  it  is  presumed  that  the  numerous  Russsan  vessels  that  have  been  so  long  ice  and  enemy  bound  in  the  Scandinavian  harbours,  will  have  profited  by  the  extraordinary  mild  weather  reigning  there  to  return  hothe  un unteathed.  teathed. unteathed."
