text
"AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  CANADA  LIVERPOOL,  SUN  DAY  The  British  and  North  American  royal  mail  steam  ship  Canada,  Captain  -Stone,  arrived  here  t  eight  from  Boston  and  Halifax,  after  a  fair  passage  of  ten  days  and  a  half,  bringing  adsices  from  New  York,  to  the  25th,  Boston,  to  the  26th,  and  Halifax,  to  the  28th,  all  inclusive.  She  has  brought  home  57  passengers,  and  275,110  dollars  in  specie.  The  steam  ship  Asia,  which  sailed  hence  on  the  Bth  ult.,  reached  New  York  at  3,  p.m.,  on  the  19th.  On  the  3rd  November,  in  lat.  25  29,  long.  50  40,  N.  the  Canada  passed  a  large  steamer,  supposed  to  be  the  mail  steamer  America,  from  Liverpool.  The  advices  brought  by  the.  Canada  are  a  week  later  than  those  previously  to  hand,  and  embrace  news  of  considerable  interest.  The  advices  car carried  ried carried  out  from  this  country  by  the  Asia,  had  caused  a  further  decline  in  the  markets  for  breadstuffs,  and  produced  a  disposition  on  the  part  of  holders  to  realize.  The  decline  in  flour  is  stated  to  have  been  about  18  cents  per  barrel.  There  was  a  large  supply  of  wheat  upon  the  market,  whilst  the  busi business  ness business  going  forward  was  restricted,  and  prices  in  consequence  were  not  sustained.  In  Cotton  there  was  rather  more  steadiness  as  regards  prices,  but  holders  were  free  sellers  at  the  quotations.  Larger  estimates  of  the  crop  were  indulged  in,  and  the  picking  weather  at  the  South  for  the  past  month  is  reported  more  favourable.  During  the  week  there  had  been  considerable  stringency  in  the  Money  Market,  and  under  the  pressure  the  Stock  Market  had  been.  heavy,  and  prices  drooping,  but  the  last  report  .  gives  a  more  favourable  view  of  the  condition  of  affairs  in  Wall-street.  The  last  accounts  say  the  supply  of  money  is  a  little  better,  but  the  relief  is  not  The  rate  of  interest  ruled  from  12  to  18  per  cent.,  and  for  money  on  call  7  per  cent.  One  account  says  the  pressure  had  been  very  consider considerably  ably considerably  assisted  by  the  fact  that  one  of  the  Wall-street  banks  had  discounted  paper  to  the  amount  of  200,000  dollars  for  Western  Bank.  There  was  only  a  limited  demand  for  exchange  for  remittance  by  the  Canada,  and  the  quotations  now  reported  for  bills  on  London  are  scarcely  so  high  as  those  last  received.  They  stood  at  1094  and  loot.  The  New  York  papers  give  most  painful  details  of  the  frightful  mortality  on  board  emigrant  ships  from  this  and  other  European  ports,  to  New  York,  which  we  publish  in  another  column.  In  addition,  our  private  Correspondent  states  that  the  Wash Washington,  ington, Washington,  from  Liverpool,  reached  New  York  on  the  22d  ult;  that  during  the  voyage  cholera  had  pre prevailed  vailed prevailed  to  an  alarming  extent;  that  on  her  arrival  from  sixty  to  seventy  persons  were  taken  to  the  hospital,  while  the  vessel  had  been  put  under  qua quarantine.  rantine. quarantine.  Our  correspondent  adds,  that  the  number  of  deaths  during  the  voyage  had  not  been  officially  published,  but  that  it  was  reported  to  have  reached  nearly  one  hundred.  _  _  Boston  letters  of  the  21st  report  the  arrival  at  that  port  of  the  ship  Sagadahock,  on  board  of  which  seventy  deaths  from  cholera  had  been  re reported.  ported. reported.  On  her  arrival  the  mayor  and  aldermen  held  a  special  meeting,  and  passed  an  order  for  the  Committee  on  Internal  Health  to  take  such  mea measures  sures measures  that  the  danger  from  its  approach  may  be  Averted  from  the  city.  The  disease  appeared  on  the  day  after  she  left  port.  The  packet  ship  Western  World  from  this  port  for  New  York,  having  on  board  over  600  emigrants,  had  been  wrecked  on  Squan  Beach,  but  fortu fortunately  nately fortunately  no  lives  were  lost.  The  particulars  of  the  wreck  will  be  found  in  detail  in  another  part  of  our  paper.  The  advices  from  Washington  announce  the  dis dismissal  missal dismissal  of  Mr.  Bronson,  who  has  for  some  time  filled  the  office  of  collecter  of  New  York.  The  appoint  ments  of  Robert  M.  M'Lane,  of  Maryland,  as  Commissioner  to  China  ;  and  Levi  K.  Bowen,  of  Maryland,  Consul  to  Bordeaux,  had  been  officially  announced.  The  correspondent  of  the  New  York  Courier  and  Enquirer,  in  reference  to  the  recent  report  that  the  British  Government  was  engaged  in  an  attempt  to  abolitionize  Cuba,  says,  I  stated  some  time  since,  my  information  was  to  the  effect  that  the  State  Department  had  received  no  official  advices  of  the  pendency  of  such  A  very  destructive  fire  had  occurred  at  Louis Louisville,  ville, Louisville,  Kentucky.  The  block  on  Fifth  street,  half  way  from  Buffett  to  Water  street,  was  entirely  con  sumed,  including  - STYLE=superscript  the  Journal  office,  the  rolling  mills  warehouse,  Holbrook's  tobacco  warehouse,  and  the  drug  establishment  of  Wilson,  Starbird  and  Smith.  The  loss  was  estimated  at  about  200,000  dols.,  on  which  insurances  to  the  extent  of  160,000  dols.  were  current.  The  following  are  some  of  the  companies  :—New  York  Home,  10,000  dols.;  Hudson  River,  5000  dole;  Royal  of  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  10,000  ;  the  American  and  Franklin,  of  Phila Philadelphia,  delphia, Philadelphia,  15,000  dols.  each.  The  balance  is  in  various  Southern  agencies  and  Louisville  offices.  Serious  fires  were  raging  in  the  woods  near  Detroit."
