text
"BANKRUP'  (From  Last  Night's  Gazette.)  Owen  Sturgis  and  William  Adams,  builders,  College Collegevillas  villas Collegevillas  Finchley-road,  St.  John's-wood,  Middlesex.  John  Hunter,  cow-keeper,  Hove,  Sussex.  Joseph  White,  ship  builder,  East  Cowes,  Isle  of  Wight.  James  Holbeck,  gold  laceman,  Marylebone-street,  London.  Edward  Roe  Bentley,  builder,  Hornsey-road,  Middlesex.  Frederick  Payton,  brickmaker,  Garrison-lancS,  Bir Birmingham.  mingham. Birmingham.  Harriet  Pearce,  publican,  Western  Valleys  Inn,  Newport.  William  Bennett,  cotton  spinner,  Foster-mill,  Hebden Hebdenbridge,  bridge, Hebdenbridge,  Yorkshire,  and  ilormeh,  near  Bolton,  Lancashire,  THE  ARREST  AND.  IMPRISONMENT  OF  •  MISS  •  PUBLIC  MEETING  IN  MANCHESTER  A  public  meeting,  of  the  ProWmtv  — STYLE=superscript  hrilkkielgtftr  and  Salford,  was  held  .  in  the  Cor  ~..s,laangerlift  -r,  on  Thursday  night,  for  the  pulp  eAWAtiiis,:e.*  _  Ito  the  Foreign  Secretary,  urge  ‘  e9,xes676a.fli*Oit  -*  in  order  to  the  release  of  Mis  ~..conittg4l4:rivN...,  izll.  '  in  l  k  s.  Tnscany..  .  Although  it  lA'  4  9,..  4  - STYLE=superscript  -ti*;4  - STYLE=superscript  -  •  hie  despatch  had  been  received  '  .rtif  . STYLE=superscript  cetliai  0,  of  the  lady,  the  interest  attache  -:.  -..  ii-  ,- STYLE=superscript  ibt  1..-  no  ,  -  -:  means  diminish,  and  the  Corn  It  ,  wiled  to  .  excess.  On  the  platform  we  naii.el'ilialevkilitiliqtowell  (who.  occupied  the  chair),  Mr.  stn  .  Ars_iFfytit(Pc  . STYLE=superscript  Revs.  John  Richardson,  S.  H.  Mc  Giiire,  IlTilliain  Trail;  J.  M.  Kennedy,  W.  Verdon,  Andrew  Inglis,  R.  Parsons,  J.  Howard,  J.  D.  Brocklehurst  W.  R..  Keeling;  T.  R.  Bently,  J.  Wheel Wheeldon,  don, Wheeldon,  J;  Groome,  W.  Kendal,  W.  Bawdwen,  - STYLE=superscript  Mid  Messrs.  Thomas  Brown,  jun.  T.  A  Bunting,  and  C.  M.  Burton.  'The  CITAIRM:tN  said,  they  had  it  on  the  authority  cf  the  papers  that  Miss  Cunninghame  was  free—:(cheers)—but  no  thanks  to  the  Jesuits  for.  her  freedom,  or  to  the  pitiful  dupe  of  the  Papacy,  the  Duke  of  Tuscany,'  for  her  liberty  ;  but  thanks  be  to  Godthat  thatPrOtestant  spirit  which  yet  burned  in  the  bosom  of  old  England  had  been  - STYLE=superscript  successful.  (Cheers.)  Bilt  though  a  conquest  had  been  achieved;  it  was  by  no  Means  a  work  of  superarrogatien  to  carry  out  that,  conquest,  in  order  to  make  it  it  permament  victory,  and  to  shew  the  .  majesty  of  Protestant  England  in  every  Popish  country  in  Europe.  (Cheers.)  Besides,  they.  had  .no  reason  to  •be  confident  that  the  news  of  the  release  of  Miss  Cunninghame  which  had  reached  them,  was  corrert;  and  they  mist  receive  with  great  contmpt  anything  that  coma  to  them  in  a  'doubtful  state.  (Hear,  hear.)  .  Now,  if  the  'ineeting  agreed  with  him,  - STYLE=superscript  be  should  suavest  that'  the  memorial  which  had  been  prepared  be'  adopted  by  the  meeting  and  - STYLE=superscript  sent  to  the  Foreign  Office,  if  it  were  only  to  shew  that  Manchester  had  done  its  duty.  (Cheers.)  It  was  not  forgotten  to  be  mentioned  in  the  memorial,  that  in  the  'person  of  one  of  her  Majesty's  sub subje  je subje  As,  the  Queen,  the  law,  and  the  country,  had  been  set  at  naught.  (Hear,  hear.)  Before,  hoWever,  .they  passed  .to  that  subject,let  him  dwell  on  the  very  startling  fact  which  had  brought  them  together  on  that  occasion.  The  fact  of  Miss  Cnnuingham's  arrest  and  imprisonment  stood  out  in  all  its  telling  force..  And  they  need  not  be  surprised  if,  when  Jesuitism  had  a  little  overreached  itself,  the  spirit  of  Eng England  land England  \VHS  ronsed:  .He  did  not  look  on  the  arrest  and  impri,  sonment,of  Miss  Cunninghanie  as  an  isolated  fact,  but  as  one  of  the  outrages  continually  being  'perpetrated  on  the  Pro Protestants  testants Protestants  of  England  by  the  'Jesuits,  who  would  try  to  make  Europe  prostrate  under  the  iron  hoof  of  civil  despotism  on  the  one  hand,'  and  the  ;  more  horrible  hoof  of  priestly  intole intoleranc  ranc intoleranc  and  tyranny  on  the  other.  (Loud  cheers.)  He  looked  upon  the  arrest  and  imprisonment  of  Miss  Cunningham°  as  of  a  par  and  piece  with  the  arrest  and  imprisonment  of  the  Madiai,  as  of  a  piece  and  on  a  parallel  with  that  abeminablo  bigotry  and  despotism  on  the  part  of  poor  down  , STYLE=superscript  trodden  '  Spain,  by  which  she  was  rendering  back  to  England  har  gratitude  for  the  acts  performed  by  the  noble  Wellington  and  England  in  her  behalf.  (Loud  cheers.)  'The  return  Spain  made  for'what  England  had  done  for  her  was  to  deny  a  Protestant  Englishinan,  if  he  died  within  her  borders,  any anythingbiitthe  thingbiitthe anythingbiitthe  btrial'of  an  ass,  or  the  sepulchre  of  a  dog.  (Hear,  hear.)  That  wasPopish  philanthrophv  and  munificent  grati gratitude  tude gratitude  for  favours  conferred.  He  looked  at  the  arrest  and  imprisonment  of  Miss  Cunningham,  as  of  a  piece  with  that  1  daring  innovation  on  the  freedom  of  Prussia  by  -  a  recent  rescript  from  Rome,  and  he  rejoiced  that  the  King  of  Prus,  sin  had  shown  in  this  matter  a  demonstration  of  his  noble  Protestant  spirit.  (Cheers.)  He  looked  upon  the  arrest  and  imprisonment  of  Miss  Cunningham°  as  a  piece  and  part  of  the  same  policy  which  led  to  the  infamous  outrage  on  Protestant  Holland,  who  had  shown,  in  reference  to  the  aggression  made  upon  her,  a  much  more  manly  spirit  than  we  had  when  an  -aggression  was  'a  few  years  ago  made  upon  our  Protestant  liberties  and  privileges.  (Cheers.)  The  rev.  gentleman  proceeded  at  considerable  length  to  express  ab abhorrence  horrence abhorrence  and  indignation  at  the  arrest  and  imprisonment  of  Miss  Cunningham  The  Rev.  J..RICTIAILDSON,  rector  of  St.  Ann's,  read  the  first  resolution,  which  was  as  fellows  :---‘•  That  this  meeting  would  record  the  expression  of  its  righteous  indignation  and  intense  abhorrence  of  the  outrage  perpetrated  upon'  Miss  Cunninghame,  ascribing  it  to  its  true  source,  the  Papacy;  and  denouncing  it  as  alike  repugnant  to  the  law  of  God,  the  dictates  of  reason,  the  spirit  of  freedom,  and  the  rights  of  nations:  The  Rev.  Wm.  TRAIL,  of  St.  Andrew's  Free  Church,  Orford-road,  seconded  the  resolution  in  a  brilliant  and  argu argumentative  mentative argumentative  speech.  The  resolution  was  carried  without  one  dissentient.  The  Rev.  J.  I).  -BROCKLERURST  moved,  and  STEPUEN  HEELING,  Esq.,  seconded  the  next  resolution,  which  was  .  .  in  the  shape  of  a  memorial  to  Lord  Palmerston,  thitreating  his  lordship  to  demand  the  immediate  and  unconditional  release  of  kiss  Cunninghame,  enforcing  the  demand  by  such  measures  as  could  not  be  withstood,  and  also  to  take  sthps  to  stipulate  with  the  governments  with  which  we  have  friendly  relations,  that  they  shall  accede  to  her  Majesty's  subjects,  when  travelling  on  the  Continent,  the  same  liberty  and  security  which  are  accorded  to  their  subjects  when  visiting  our  shores.  Tho  memorial  w  unaniniondy  adorykod,  and  fhn  prn prnceeding,s  ceeding,s prnceeding,s  then  terminated.  SHARE  MARKETS.-YE  STE  RDAY.  •  LIVERPOOL.—There  is.  little  or  no  change  in  the  market  to-day.  The  same  inactivity  prevails  which  we  noticed  yester yesterday.  day. yesterday.  The  salei  are:—Caledonian,  24  V  i  ;  Eastern  Counties  c  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  62*  a  K  ',  l STYLE=superscript  3  c  cl  1  ;  London  and.  North  Western,  1024  103  c;  Midland,  59  59*  593  I  ;  South  Eastern,  179-16  ;  Great  Luxembourg,  d  63.  MANCHESTER.—We  have  very  little  business  doing  to todav,  dav, todav,  but  prices  are  generally  rather  higher  :—Caledonian,  24  ;  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow,  30;  Lancashire  and  ; STYLE=superscript  York-  shire,  613  1  24  a  Manchester,  Sheffield  and-Lincolnshire,  193  ;  Do.  New  £6  Pref.,  3p.  ;  Midland,  59  3  4n.  ;'  North  British,  63  3  ;'  South  Eastern,  174..  LONDON.—Aberdeen,  20;  Bristol  and  Exeter,  94;  Caledonian,  491  ;  Chester  and  Holyhead,  154  ;  Eastern  Counties,  111  Great  Nerthern,.  753  ;  Ditto  A;  49i  51  ;  Great  Southern  and  Western'  (Ireland).  1021  ;  Great  Western,  801  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  62  1.11  21;  London  and  Blackwall,  7  ;  London.  and  North  Western,  1024  31  ;  London  - STYLE=superscript  and  South  Western,  751  ;  Manchester  and  Lincoln',  shire.  19.-1-  ;  Midland,  591  9  ;  North  British,  26  ;  Shrews.  bury  and  Birmingham,  633-;  Shrewsbury  and  Chester  (Oswestrv),  121.  ;  Thames  Haven  Dock  and  Railway,  21;  York  and  Berwick,  62  ;  York  and  North  Midland,  45  GLASGOW.—The  market  was  firmer  yesterday,  and  prices  in  some  instances  rather  better,  but  there  was  not  a  great  deal  of  doing.  The  Caledonian  shares  are  quoted  at  £5O.  Glas Glasgow  gow Glasgow  and  South  Western  at  £62.  Stirling  and  Dumfermline,  at  12a.  DUBLIN,  Ocr.  13.—Consols,.91t  ;  3  per  cent.  stock,  93  8  ;  Bank  Stock,  2171;  Cork  and  Bandon  .Railway,  50  paid,  14  ;  Great  Southern  and  Western,  50  paid,  50t."
