text
"COURT  OF  BANKR  UPTCY.-JAN.  18  (BEFORE  MB..  COM;DSIONER  EVANS.)  IN  RE  STRAIIAN,  PAUL,  AND  BATES.—A  petition  had  been  presented  under  this  bankruptcy  by  the  Rev.  Henry  Snow,  of  Bibury,  in  Gloucestershire  (brother  of  Mr.  Strahan),  praying  to  be  declared  entitled,  as  trustee  under  the  will  of  the  late  Mrs.  Snow,  to  509  Sambre  and  Meuse  iron  shares,  which,  at  the  time  of  the  bankruptcy,  were  held  by  his  brother,  Mr-  Strahan,  (a  co-trustee)  and  were  deposited  in  the  bank  in  a  wrapper,  labelled  with  the  names  of  the  trustees.  Tll  ,  O STYLE=superscript  property  being  in  the  order  and  disposition  of  the  bankrupts,''  had  of  course  been  taken  possession  of  by  the  assign,  cs  and  the  question  arose  whether  there  had  an  appropriation  of  the  shares  as  to  render  them  the  property  of  the  trustees.  To-day  was  appointed  for  taking  evidence  on  this  point.  Mr  Hannan  appeared  for  the  assignees,  and  Mr.  Bigley  for  the  claimant.  Wm.  Strahan  , STYLE=superscript  one  of  the  bankrupts,  who  had  been  brouzht  up  from  pri.ont  deposed,—l  and  my  brother,  the  Rev.  Henry  Snow,  were  appointed  by  my  mother  executors  of  her  will,  and  trustees  under  it.  •  She  bequeathed  £10,295  in  the  three  per  cent.  Consols  in  trust  to  my  brother  Llenty  Snow  and  mdse  Robert  Snow  and  his  children.  The  proceeds  of  her  property  tvere  invested  in  the  purchase  of  consols  to  that  amount.  Some  time  after  her  death,  in  Match  1849,  we  sold  Out  that  Stock,  and  lent  the  proceeds  to  S:rahan,  Panl,  and  Ba  The  books  will  show  when  that  took  place.  It  was  heft  the  death  of  the  late  Sir  John  Paul,  which  took  pl  hi  1851  It  was  done  in  order  to  instead  of  the  interest  on  C  o  ils  ;€,•  m  the  life  of  the  late  Sir  J.  Paul  were  emrity.  On  his  death  the  bank  received  the  proceeds  of  those  two  policies,  and  I  gave  some  other  sec:pities  instead.  There  are  regular  entries  of  the  transactions  in  the  Two  policies  but  not  of  the  receipts  of  the  proceeds  of  the  pol  acted  entirely  the  business  connected  with  my  mot  My  brother  Ilenry  must  have  signed  the  authority  for  stock  ;  but  he  has  taken  no  subsequent  part  An  entry  in  the  stock-  book  of  509  Sambre  Meuse  iron  shares  elven  in  exchange  for  the  was  made  by  me  in  April,  1855.  I  had  the  shares  at  the  bank  at  the  time  , STYLE=superscript  wrapped  in  a  paper.  At  the  same  time  I  wrote  on  the  wrapper  , STYLE=superscript  and  Henry  Snow,  and  added  100  409  already  in  the  packet.  This  must  have  been  done  either  at  the  time  or  shortly  before,  as  I  had  not  had  the  shares  very  loll*,  About  the  2nd  or  3rd  of  April,  having  taken  fright  about  the  state  of  the  bank,  I  went  out  and  bought  a  note  of  hand  stain?.  dated  it  back  for  the  previous  September,  and  deposited  it  with  the  shares.  The  shares  at  that  time  were  of  more  valu  o STYLE=superscript  than  they  are  now  ;  and  1  might  have  made  use  of  them  for,  the  hank  at  any  time,  if  I  had  not  put  the  m  by  an  d  cons  idered  them  as  sacred.  1  had  previously  put  by  some  Charleroi  an  d STYLE=superscript  Erqueilines  shares  ;  but  there  is  no  entry  in  the  books  to  s  how  the  appropriation  of  those  shares.  The  entry  referred  to  is  the  Ally  one  showing  the  appropriation  of  the  Sambre  and  Meuse  shares.  I  exchanged  the  Charleroi  shares  for  the  Sambre  iroa  shares,  hut  no  money  passed.  I  would  not  have  raised  monq  on  them.  I  exchanged  with  Mr.  Arnold,  who  w  as  0 STYLE=superscript  director  in  both  companies.  The  exchange  mus  t STYLE=superscript  have  been  made  two  years  ago.  The  Ist  of  September  , STYLE=superscript  1854,  the  date  of  the  note  of  hand,  has  no  connection  what  . STYLE=superscript  ever  with  the  date  of  these  transactions.  That  date  g  159 STYLE=superscript  merely  put  to  conceal  the  real  date  of  the  transaction  !  was  on  the  Ist  of  January,  1854,  that  I  exchanged  the  Charleroi  for  the  Sambre  shares.  The  stock,  before  it  w  59 STYLE=superscript  sold  out,  stood  in  the  name  of  William  Strahan  and  Henri  Snow.  My  brother  joined  with  me  in  the  authority  to  sell'  . STYLE=superscript  The  proceeds  were  lent  to  the  bank  immediately,  and  53 STYLE=superscript  account  was  opened  in  our  books  as  an  ordinary  banking  account  r  I  intimated  to  my  brother  at  the  time  that  ther  e STYLE=superscript  was  security,  and  he  has  supposed  so  ever  since,  at  least  I  hay°  never  told  him  to  time  contrary.  'When  the  proceeds  of  the.policie  ° STYLE=superscript  on  Sir  J.  Paul's  life  were  received  they  went  into  the  bank,  and  paid  off  part  of  -Irts  debt  to  tho  bank  !  I  immediately  sub substituted  stituted substituted  the  Charleroi  shares  as  security,  but  I  did  not  mention  this  to  my  brother,  nor  the  exchange  of  the  Charleroi:  for  the  Sambre  shares,  I  mentioned  it  to  my  partners,  but  net,  to  my  brother.  I  might  have  raised  money  on  these  s  hares  at  any  time,  but  that  I  considered  them  sacred  as  security.  I'  cannot  say  when  I  put  the  additional  100  shares  into  tl.e  pa  per.  After  hearing  Mr.  Bagley  and  Mr.  Hannan,  his  honour  de  - STYLE=superscript  ,,  ferred  his  judgment  till  Thursday  next."
