text
"within  sixty  days  avticle.  whirl]  night  - STYLE=superscript  to  he'  carefully  got  up  scommunity,  we  read  of  the  absurd  rottmurs  at  of  there  being.  the  least  foundation  for  any  Of  and  Of  the  ppnecc-ssArsr  afloat  Need  we  sly  more  ?  Wha  , STYLE=superscript  ,  is  about  to  happen  cannot,  with  any  certainty,  he  predicted.  We  on'y  know  that  some  of  the  small  statesmen  at  Washington  have  great  faith  in  the  effect  of  small  coups  d'etat.  But  whilst  onscrupulous''politicians  and  disreputable  presses  are  endeavouring  to  goad  the  apathetic  pu'dic  into  a  state  of  international  ill-feeling,  it  may  be  well  to  state  our  conviction  that  no  reasonable  grounds  for  apprehending  a  war  need  be  entertained.  It  happens,  fortunately,  that  the  questions  at  issue  do  not  touch  popular  sympathies  ;  whilst  the  generally  expressed  horror,  lest  clumsy  or  intriguing  men  in  office  should  fail  to  settle  them  amicably,  does  credit  to  the  good  sense  of  the  people  of  both  countries.  .  •  It  has  been  said  in  quarters  entitled  to  respect,  but  said,  we  think,  erroneously,  that  the  case  of  Mr.  Cramp  ton  is  a  very  grave  one,  because  our  Government  was  willing  in  the  first  instance  to  make  the  ansende,  but  has  subsequently  jostified  its  course—thus  taking  up,  as  it  were,  two  positions,  irrecon  c  il  a  bl  e  one  w  i  t  h  t  h  e  ot  h  er.  The  facts  are  mis•stated.  When  complaint  was  made.  to  Lord  Clarend°n  that  it  was  a  violation  of  the  American  Neutrality  Laws,  to  put  up  a  fingerpost  here,  pointing  out  the  route  to  the  Crimea  via  Halifax,  his  Lordship  did  not  pause  to  argue  the  point.  Very  well,  said  he  practically,  I  won't  argue  with  you,  but  I'll  stop  the  whole  That  he  did  so,  is  perfectly  well  known,  but  that  he  did  it  is  no  p  roo  f  whatever  that  he  admitted  the  validity  of  the  charge.  At  a  later  period,  came  the  prosecutions,  rendered  mem memorable  orable memorable  by  the  indecent  display  of  consequential  wrath  on  the  part  of  the  U.  S.  Attorney.  general.  We  need  not  follow  their  history  ;  but  we  assert  the  conviction  of  our  Foreign  Offlee,  that  in  what  was  done  by  Mr.  Crampton  and  others,  there  was  no  violation  whatever  of  Inter International  national International  law,  and  its  intention  that  there  should  be  none  of  the  particular  laws  pertaining  to  the  States.  Hold Holding  ing Holding  its  own  position  firmly  on  the  international  view  of  the  dispute,  it  can  hold  none,  or  at  least  cannot  act  upon  the  municipal.  If,  therefore,  the  President  were  to  dis dismiss  miss dismiss  the  British  Minister  for  a  breach  of  international  law,  which  our  government  refus  .I  , STYLE=superscript  d  to  recognise  as  such,  the  offence  and  the  insult  might  be  felt.  As  it  is—that  is  to  say,  being  based  upon  a  local  interpretation  of  local  law—we  cannot  rationally  resent  the  expected  course  of  action,however  much  we  may  regret  its  occurrence,  and  however  weak  the  grounds  for  it  may  appear  to  our  judgment.  In  short,  if  the  anticipated  dismissal  take  place,  we  cannot  believe  that  it  will  be  followed  by  a  corresponding  step,  on  the  other  side  the  Atlantic,  in  reference  to  Mr.  Buchanan.  The  Central  American  dispute  is,  to  our  mind,  a  far  moruembarrassing  and  difficult  question  ;  but  as  we  are  sorely  pressed  for  time,  and  the  subject  touched  upon  is  the  more  engrossing  one  at  the  moment,  we  postpone  its  consideration  for  the  present.  Besides,  in  its  aspects,  it  varies  day  by  day.  Here  is  Colonel  French,  claiming  to  be  the  Minister  representing  Nicaragua,  actually  indicted  by  the  grand  jury,  for  fitting  out  an  expedition  against  that  Republic.  His  counsel  has  pleaded  hard,for  the  immediate  trial  of  his  client  by  the  U.  S.  Court,  but  the  district  attorney,  steeped  to  the  eyes  in  filibustering  pro.:ecutions,  is  not  to  be  driven  into  a  faster  pace  than  suits  him.  to  our  flag  slang  term  now  used  on  every  occasion  that  pertains  to  the  ships  or  seamen  of  this  country—continue  to  be  reported  from  time  to  time.  One  of  recent  occurrence,  at  Hong  Kong,  is  nirratecl  elsewhere,  and  the  account  of  it  will,  we  believe,  only  to  the  regret  that  the  American  Consul  was  not  better  informed  as  to  his  duties  and  privileges.  Another,  that  might  liavac  had  a  serious  i  sue,  took  place  several  weeks  ago  at  Antigua  and  may  perhaps  give  rise  to  dicencsion  hereafter.  We  have  hitherto  innitted  men-  lion  of  it,  because  we  hoped  it  would  blow  over.  and  presumed  tha',  as  usual,  there  was  gross  exagr  - STYLE=superscript  eration  in  the  pub'i  , STYLE=superscript  hed  statements_  It  seems  that  the  Loango,  a  brig  belonging  to  Philadelphia,  came  into'  English  ir  d  Ah  or,  Antigua.  'Flier.  , STYLE=superscript  it  came  to  the  knowledge  of  the  local  authorities  that.  the  cook  on  board  was  a  sl  ire  By  our  law,  we  need  scantly  say,  laryTir  z  on  Birit►sh  soil,  or  enterinz  into  a  British  port  is  held  ipso  .  facto  to  Pre,  pro prole  le prole  cook,  on  boar  he  vesse  carried  who  claimed  protection  from  them.  On  the  other  hand,  it  is  assPrted  that  the  man  was  free,  and  that  he  availed  himself  of  this  opportunity  to  descrt.  Whatever  the  exa  .t  truth,  the  case  was  of  course  herableft  in  print,  as  involving  the  abduction  of  a  seaman,  and  Capt.  Fairfax,  of  the  U.S.  corvette  Cyane,  being  at  St.  Thomas.  under undertook  took undertook  to  play  the  deliverer  and  the  champion.  Perhaps  he  was  envious  of  the  fame  of  his  predecessor,  Captain  Hollins,  of  Grey-Town  notoriety,  or  thought  that  in  bearding  a  British  Colonial  government  he  could  eclipse  Captain  Ingraham,  of  Martin  Koszta  fame.  At  any  rate,  he  sailed  away  to  English  Harbour,  Antigua  ;  found  lying  there  H.  M.  steam  sloop  Medea,  with  which  he  refused  to  exchange  salutes  ;  had  an  interview  with  Governor  Hamilton,  but  failed  to  persuade  his  Excel Excellency  lency Excellency  that  Americans  in  English  ports  were  above  and  beyond  English  law  ;  and  finally,  sailed  sulkily  away.  Seven]  accounts  of  the  affair  are  in  print;  but  it  may  fairly  be  presumed  that  the  Governor  was  better  versed  in  his  duty,  and  better  posted  as  to  the  merits  of  the  dispute,  than  the  choleric  and  disappointed  Captain.  We  speak  of  hiin  in  these  terms,  because  the  ridiculous  sense  of  an  insult  to  our  seems  to  have  influenced  him  throughout.  Nothing  could  be  in  worse  taste  than  his  declining  to  take  part  in  the  usual  naval  courtesies,  even  after  he  had  been  compelled  to  the  matter  to  his  President  Pierce  invites  Mr.  Crampton  to  his  table,  whilst  the  latter  has,  a  sentence  of  dismissal  hanging  over  him.  Wei  , STYLE=superscript  resume  the  officious  captain  will  be  rebuked  by  the  Naval  Department."
