text
"this  result  But  the  great  cause  has  been  the  set  ting  free  those  pent-up  energies  which  are  inherent  in  such  a  nation  as  ours.  A  free  course  has  been  given  to  that  spirit  of  commerce  which  must  ever  have  mainly  to  do  with  the  advancement  of  a  people  ;  and  already  the  effect  of  it  is,  that  new  life  has  been  given  to  the  producing  capabilities  of  the  country,  and  new  opportunities  presented  to  all  who  have  brains,  and  hands  to  turn  them  to  good  account.  The  revivifying  influence  has  pervaded  all  the  classes  who  were  capable  of  being  made  contributors  to  the  production  of  the  nation's  sure  manifestations  f  the  auspicious  progression  which,  under  the  peration  of  the  new  policy,  is  going  on  all  around  •ealth  :  and  these  strikes  arc  Strikes  are,  however,  evils  which  we  cannot  but  leprecate.  Symptoms  they  often  are  of  health  and  strength  in  the  body  where  they  prevail  ;  and  they  may  be  made  conducive  to  its  growth  and  advance advancement.  ment. advancement.  But  they  are  better  avoided.  The  end  they  Aim  at  may  be  just  and  fair,  but  the  means  adopted  are  seldom,  if  ever,  judicious  ;  and  if  we  were  in  a  position  to  make  a  calculation,  pro  and  contra,  be•  tween  master  and  the  men  who  have  been  parties  to  the  vicious  strikes  that  have,  from  time  to  time,  occurred  in  this  country,  we  have  no  doubt  that  the  account  would  be  found  to  tell  immensely  against  the  men,  as  a  matter  of  loss  and  gain.  Not  that  we  would  have  our  working  classes  pre prevented  vented prevented  from  making  the  best  they  can  of  their  skill  and  labour,  which  constitute  their  capital,  and  which  they  are  as  much  entitled  to  make  as  their  masters  are  of  theirs.  The  system  of  free  interchange,  which  is  one  of  the  commercial  policy  now  conducing  so  singly  to  the  prosperity  of  the  country,  must  not  be  confined  to  but  one  party  interested  in  its  operations,  but  must  extend  to  all.  There  must  be  no  more  exclusiveness—no  more  seething  of  mere  class  interests,  whether  one  side:or  the  other.  Men,  and  even  bodies  of  men,  have  been  too  apt  to  imagine  they  may  have  peculiar  interests,  at  variance  with  those  whom  they  serve,  if  not  also  with  those  of  the  great  mass  of  man mankind;  kind; mankind;  and  it  may  seem  consistent  with  human  nature  to  reason  for  our  own  class,  but  it  is  op opposed  posed opposed  to  sound  policy—it  stands  in  the  way  of  a  proper  distribution  of  industry—and  it  prevents  a  profitable  appropriation  of  its  fruits,  It  is  con consequently  sequently consequently  opposed  to  the  very  interests  intended  to  be  served.  No—there  must  be  no  such  selfish selfishness  ness selfishness  in  our  system  now.  There  was  a  time,  when  the  distribution  of  labour  and  subsistence  was  not  left  to  the  _direction  of  any  reasonable  or  natural  causes,  but  was  controlled  by  a  more  arbitrary  and  selfish  agency.  Any  idea  of  securing  the  greatest  plenty  and  happiness  for  the  greatest  number  of  persons,  according  to  the  ordinaryforms  of  justice,  and  a  common  regard  to  the  public  welfare,  was  never  thought  of.  It  was  all  for  those  who  had  the  power  to  get,  and  to  keep.  They  were  able,  in  other  times,  to  put  labour  in  fetters,  and  sink  it  solely  for  their  own  mere  selfish  gains.  These  were  the  palmy  days  of  monopoly.  But  they  have  passed  away,  never  again  to  return.  Upon  no  other  plan  can  this  kingdom  be  governed  here,  than  that  of  political  justice  and  commercial  prosperity.  Social  order  cannot,  for  all  time  to  come,  be  maintained  without  it,  Mighty  arts  of  human  power  have  been  discovered,  and  are  now  in  opera operation,  tion, operation,  stimulating  commerce,  invigorating  industry,  creating,  at  once,  more  wealth  for  the  master,  and  more  means  of  subsistence  and  enjoyment  for  the  workman  ;  and  influences  are  now  actively  and  powerfully  at  work  which  no  government  could  with  impunity  attempt  to  arrest,  though  a  wise  one  could  not  shrink  from  the  effort  to  direct  and  controul  without  wishing  to  confine  them.  It  is  then,  we  humbly  conceive,  an  inevitable  consequence  of  such  operations,  that  the  workman  should  be  found  demanding  higher  wages  for  his  time  and  labour.  Oppressive  laws  have  been  re repealed,  pealed, repealed,  which  practically  prohibited  industry  from  gaining  customers  for  its  produce.  A  prosperous  state  of  commerce  has  ensued.  Formerly  the  sphere  of  commercial  influence  was  curtailed—the  progress  of  mechanism  and  capital  was  checked— checkedand  and checkedand  the  number  of  customers  for  our  produce  was  confined—  )  that  it  too  often  happened  that  our  production  arose,  our  consumption  was  diminished,  and  abundance  ceased  to  be  a  blessing.  But  now,  under  a  better  state  of  things,  the  elements  of  social  happiness,  are  allowed  space  for  healthy  action— actionindustry  industry actionindustry  has  a  better  chance  of  success—there  is  a  readier  market  for  its  products,  and  the  means  of  the  industrious  must,  of  necessity,  be  multiplied.  An  extension  of  commerce  ought  to  increase  the  enjoyments  and  the  happiness  of  all,  whether  they  depend  on  the  wages  of  labour,  the  profits  of  capi capital,  tal, capital,  or  the  rents  of  the  soil.  And  it  will•have  this  effect.  The  profits  of  capital  are  remunerative— remunerativethe  the remunerativethe  rent  of  land  is  already  rising,  and  labour  is  sharing,  and  will  yet  share,  in  the  general  pros-  But  then  it  is  not  nec  sary  to  have  recourse  The  interchange  of  to  strikes  to  realise  this  interests  between  employers  and  the  employed,  is  much  too  intimate,  and  much  too  mutually  de-  pendent,  to  be  adjusted  by  means  so  rash,  so  violent  and  so  conflicting,  as  strikes  generally  are  labourer  is  worthy  of  his  hire,  and  masters  know  and  feel  that  he  is,  and  must  eventually  act  upon  that  knowledge  and  conviction.  The  contract  is  a  simple  one.  The  one  has  no  subsistence,  but  he  has  his  skill  and  his  labour  to  dispose  of  ;  the  other,  having  a  surplus  of  the  former,  is  willing  to  ex exchange  change exchange  it  for  a  product  which  the  workman  is  able  The  amount  and  quality  of  that  shb shbistence  istence shbistence  must  of  course  depend  upon  circumstances,  in  which  there  is  a  mutual  concern.  The  em employers  ployers employers  must  profit  by  the  exchange,  and  the  employed  must  subsist  by  it.  This  should  be  a  fixed  principle  in  all  such  transactions.  But  in  propor proportion  tion proportion  as  the  one  increases  his  profit,  so  ought  the  other  to  be  improved  in  his  subsistence.  This,  too,  should  be  a  fixed  principle,  though  it  may  to  supply"
