text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS  MR.  DAVID  M'CLELLAN,  Woollen  'Draper,  of  Price Pricestreet,  street, Pricestreet,  has  again  rushed  into  print.  He  abuses  our  Publisher  and  Editor  for  having  given  publicity  to  a  written,  as  he  states,  in  Mr.  Charles  Willmer  s  dining-room.  As  Mr.  M'Clellan  by  this,  no  doubt,  means  to  imply  that  our  Publisher  was  his  personal  friend,  we  deem  it  right  to  state  that  such  was  not  the  fact.  Until  within  the  past  month,  Mr.  M'Clellan  was  unknown  to  our  Pub  lisher,  except  by  name;  and  then  his  introduction  was  self-sought,  for  reasons  best  known  to  himself.  The  publication  of  the  note  was  necessary  to  com complete  plete complete  a  . STYLE=superscript  correspondence  which  Mr.  M'Clellan  himself  commenced,  and  to  the  publicity  of  which  he  did  not  deem  it  necessary  'to  obtain  our  consent.  Mr.  M'Clellan  states  that  we  had  two  Reporters  present  during  the  whole  of  the  proceedings  in  the  case  of  Wilcock  v.  This  is  not  true:  Only  one  was  present,  except  for  a  few  minutes—the  case  occupying  five  hours.  Mr.  M'Clellan  com complains,  plains, complains,  further,  that  in  . STYLE=superscript  our  last  notice  of  his  extra extraordinary  ordinary extraordinary  conduct,  we  omitted,  in  a  quotation  from  :  his  letter,  the  word  We  did  so  to  make  the  quotation  intelligible,  and  conformable  to  gram grammatical  matical grammatical  rules.  We  will,  however,  ,as  he  appears  to  wish  it,  give  our  readers  the  bene  f  it  of  the  quotation  verbatim  UTTERLY  contrary  in  ALMOST  every  At  the  same  time,  we  would  remind  Mr.  .21PClellan,  that  wv  published,  with  the  article  he  refers  to,  the  entire  of  the  letter  from  which  the  quotation  was  made,  and  in  which  the  word  was  inserted.  With  these  few  words  we  .  shall  leave  Mr.  David  .11.1  1 STYLE=superscript  Clellan  to  enjoy  his  un unenviable  enviable unenviable  notoriety.  We  shall  condescend  no  further  to  notice  his  flagitious  allegations,  as  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  was  established  for  higher  purposes  and  nobler  ends.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticate  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  seen  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpldn,  Marshall,  and  Co."
