text
"emancipators.  Never  before  was  the  language  LORD  BYRON—so  often  reechoed  by  the  Irish  stump-orator  appropriately  applied--  Hereditary  bondsmen,  know  ye  not  Who  must  be  free,  himself  must  strike  the  blow  There  is,  unfortunately,  amongst  the  class  we  speak  of,  too  great  a  dependence  placed  upon  extraneous  aid.  Were  they  only  in  possession  of  that  necessary  virtue,  self-reliance,  their  own  characters  would  become  more  elevated—their  tastes  more  cultivated—their  homes  more  healthy  —and  the  philanthropist  would  be  no  longer  under  tho  necessity  of  devising  and  completing  schemes  for  their  advantage.  EVERYONE  is  interested  in  the  price  of  necessary  food  ;  and  all  reasonable  persons  are  willing  to  pay  for  such  a  fair  price,  having  respect  to  the  cost  of  production,  and  a  reasonable  profit  to  the  grower.  But  when,  by  some  factitious  manoeuvre,  an  artificial  price  is  created  to  these  articles  —a  price  exorbitant  and  unreasonable—we  than  feel  that  we  have  just  cause  to  complain,  and  we  look  about  for  the  agencies  producing  the  mischief.  The  country  is  just  now  passing  through  such  a  period  of  artificial  and STYLE=superscript  extortionate  prices  upon  the  articles  of  food  ;  and  we  hesitate  not  to  say,  that  the  heartless  cormorants  who  have  perpetrated  the  mischief,  deserve  the  execration  of  mankind.  The  farmers  and  growers  are  not  the  parties  in  fault  ;  for  they  are  not  to  blame  in  getting  the  best  price  they  can  in  the  market  for  their  commo commodities.  dities. commodities.  But  we  are  to  look,  first,  to  the  heartless  despots  of  Eastern  Europe,  who,  for  seven  months,  have  kept  up  the  clamour  of  war;  and  then,  secondly,  to  the  English  and  French  capital capitalists,  ists, capitalists,  who,  taking  advantage  of  this  war-clamour,  rnE  NORTHERN  have  in  combination  turned  out  speculators  by  bir  engrossed  t  ie  corn,  as  to  become,  temporarily,  tile  arbiters  of  With  this  power  in  their  hands,  they  have  turned  t  ;revs  without  conscience  or  com-  punction,  and  have  brought  Wheat  up  to  7s.  the  .  quarter  higher  than  it  was  in  the  corresponding  6,  when  famine  was  at'  the  door,  and  i  people  were  on  the  verge  of  the  grave  by  Now  we  assume  as  fact,  that  there  is  starvation  .ot  the  lightest  danger  of  famine  the  coming  year:  Even  in  1847,  when  the  speculators  en engrossed  grossed engrossed  the'corn-trade  as  now,  and  after  they  had  put  on  .  the  ;  screw  at  high-pressure,  raising  Wheat  to  the  enormous  price  of  102  s.  sd.  the  quarter,  by  May-day  it  fell  more  than  one-half  in  price,  viz.,  525.  11d.;  in  four  short  months  thereafter,  and  before  the  new  crop  had  come  into  market—fell,  aye.!  to  the  total  destruction  of  the  holders,  and  to  such  a  commercial  derangement  throughout  the  kingdom  as  had  not  been  witnessed  for  thirty  When  the  bubble  had  burst,  it  was  found  3  stocks  of  Wheat  and  Flour,  in  the  Ware  louses  of  England  and  Franee,  hat  the  enormous  Ind  that,  in  fact,  there  had  at  no  time  been  any  Scarcity.  The  history  of  such  like  panics,  if  they  do  not  sery  To  point  a  moral,  or  adorn  a  at'  least  should  be  noted  as  way-marks,  or  rather  as  beacons,  to  warn  us  from  destruction's  coast.  If  the  famine  of  1847  was  an  artificial  one  as  to  England,  tenfold  more  so  is  the  one  foreshadowed  for  the  coming  year.  At  the  former-named  period,  the  worst  potatoe  -  blight  ever  experienced  in  Europe  had  almost  annihilated  that  esculent.  Not  in  Britain  only,  but  throughout  the  continent,  the  loss  was  almost  total.  Previous  to  that  time  Ireland  had  depended  upon  that  root  as  the  prilici  1  food  of  her.  common  people  ;  hence,  its  total  failure  cast  forth  4,000,000  paupers  upon  the  street  To  relieve  this  appalling  starvation,  England  let  loose  .froin  the  Consolidated  fund  X  9,000,000  of  distress  reaching  the  of  money  ;  and  the  cry  a  shores,  a  handsome  s  response  came  from  the  United  States  for  Irish  relief.  But  these  im immense  mense immense  sums  of  money,  brought  into  market  to  buy  corn  withal,  served  to  enhance  the  price  thereof,  and  hurry  on  the  crisis.  Add  to  the  failure  of  potatoes,  the  sad  falling-off  in  the  grain  crop,  that  year,  throughout  Ireland,  and  you  will  have  a  vital  element  of  want  for  the  whole  kingdom.  The  land  of  the  shamrock  is  the  granary  of  Britain,  and  if  that  granary  fail,  great  is  the  distress  of  the  people.  t,  how  altered  is  the  position  of  affairs  now,  of  1847?  This  year,  potatoes  came  in  shout  Europe  ;  and  it  is  astonishing  to  )  has  never  figured  upon  the  subject,  to  be  old  the  immense  saving  of  bread-corn  by  the  use  1  throug  of  this  radical  esculent.  The  fact  is,  this  year,  Ireland,  instead  of  requiring  millions  to  save  her  from  starvation,  will  export  millions  of  surplus  products  to  England.,  Another  consideration  to  be  named  in  favour  of  an  adequate  supply  of  bread,  is  the  economy  prac practised  tised practised  in  Scotland  and  Ireland,  as  to  consumption,  in  times  of  scarcity.  We  say  nothing  of  English Englishmen  men Englishmen  on  this  head,  who  will  have  their  white  loaf,  make  [or  break,  sink  or  swim  ;  but  in  Ireland,  Scotland,  and  all  the  small  Northern  Islands,  where  the  price  of  corn  is  high,  oat  and  barley  meals  are  the  only  grains  consumed.  This  lengthens  out  the  wheat  crop  for  sale  most  essen essentially.  tially. essentially.  Be  it,  then,  that  there  is  some  deficiency  in  the  harvest  of  England,  France,  Italy,  &amp;c.;  yet  there  are  redeeming  features  even  here.  The  crops  in  the  German  and  Scandinavian  States  are  very  fair;  and  the  speculators  have  not  exhausted  them.  But  we  look  that  the  ~United  States  .  of  America  and  Upper  Canada  do  much  in  this  emergency.  The  crors  there  this  year  are  highly  satisfactory  ;  and  the  capability  of  that  country  to  flood  England  with  grain,  if  the  price  warrant  it,  cannot  be  ques questioned.  tioned. questioned.  Since  1847,  the  means  of  supply  in  that  vast  untry  have  doubled.  Not  only  have  thirtymil-  lion:of  acres  of  land  been  subjugated  to  the  plough,  which  were  then  a  forest,  but  the  facilities  of  tran transport,  sport, transport,  both  internal  and  transatlantic,  have  been  quadrupled.  If  the  present  prices  centime,  we  shall  see,  between  this  and  July  next,  such  trrivals  of  flour  and  grain  from  the  West,  as  have  never  been  witnessed  before.  In  1847,  the  United  States  sent  us  something  short  of  2,000,000  quarters;  but  unless  prices  decline,  they  will  send  muchnaore  this  year.  It  is,  however,  our  most  earnest  hope,  that  the  alarm  of  war  may  blow  over  ;  and  then  the  corn  speculators  will  be.placed  where  they  night  to  be  ;  the  prices  will  *so  decline,  that  the  wolers  can  live  on  their  wages—strikes  will  cease  as  I  natural  con consequence—and  sequence—and consequence—and  social  and  commercial  prosperity  will  crown  the  year  with  plenty.  The  United  States  mail  steamer  sails  r  New  York  this  day  with  the  usual  mgils  and  passengers.  YOUNG  MEN'S  CHRISTIAN  ASSOCIATION.—fast  night,  the  first  of  a  course  of  lectures  to  the  numbers  of  the  Young  Men's  - STYLE=superscript  Christian  Association,  Manchesbr,  was  delivered  in  the  Corn  Exchange.  by  the  Rev.  Hugl  Stowell,  Hon.  Canon  of  Chester.  The  subject  of  the  lecture  was  The  Love  of  RENEWAL  OF  LICENSE  TO  THE  QUEEN'S  THEATRE.  —  Yesterday,  at  the  Manchester  City  Police  Court,  the  license  for  the  performance  of  plays  at  tilt('  Queen's  Theatre,  was  renewed  for  twelve  months.  Mr.  Beswick,  chief  superin superintendent  tendent superintendent  of  police,  having  spoken  favourably  of  the  conduct  of  the  theatre  during  the  Past  twelve  months,  the  application  was  merely  a  matter  of  form.  MEETING  OF  HAIR-DRESSERS'  ASSISTANTS.—A  meet meetof  of meetof  the  hair-dressers'  assistants  was  held  last  night,  in  their  rooms,  Cases-street,  Mr.  Carlish  occupied  the  chair.  Mr.  Astley,  of  Bold-street,  attended  on  the  part  of  the  employers.  The  following  resolution  was  proposed  by  Mr.  Roberts  and  carried  unanimously  That  this  meeting  adjourr,  and  that  an  appeal  should  be  made  to  the  employers,  to  sry  the  experiment  of  closing  at  half-past  seven  for  all  the  vorking  evoninge  in  the  week,  except  Saturday,  and  then  at  nine  .  „  LIVERPOOL  PHILHARMONIC  SOCIETY.—The  seventh  subscription  concert  of  this  society,  took  place  laFt  night,  bid  was  attended  by  a  crowded  and  fashionable  sudience.  The  performances  consisted  of  the  exquisite  music  of  Mendelsohn's&#34;  First  Walfrings  and  an  admirable  selection  of  the  noble  old  glee  an  Madrigal  melody  •of  England.  The  principal  vocalists  were  Mr.  Endersohn,  Mr.  Lockey,  Mr.  Stubbs,  and  Mr.  Retry  Phillips.  Mr.  I.  L.  Hermann  was  the  conductor.  Tle  performances  commenced  at  a  quarter  to  eight  o'clock,  aid  up  to  closing,  to  with  the  most  umninglei  gratification  by  the  audience  VISIT  Or  HER  MAJESTY  AND  PRINiE  ALBERT  TO  THE  CRYSTAL  PALACE,  SYDENHAM.  SlOTtly  before  eleven  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  her  Ma  , STYLE=superscript  sty,  his  Royal  High Highness  ness Highness  Prince  Albert,  the  Prince  of  V  ales,  and  the  juvenile  members  of  tho  Royal  Family,  acOmpanied  by  the  King  of  the  Belgians,  and  the  Duke  did  Duchess  of  Brabant,  attended  by  their  suite,  left  Windsor  Castle  in  a  special  •i  the  South  Western  railway,  en  route  for  Syden Sydenarriving  arriving Sydenarriving  at  the  station  in  the  Wandsworth Wandsworth)yal  )yal Wandsworth)yal  party  were  received  by  the  railway  officials  under  a  splendid  marque!.  Several  royal  carriages  were  road,  the  i  - STYLE=superscript  up  to  the  station,  and  the  dislinguishedvisitors  them,  proceeded  at  once  to  Sydenham,  red  by  Mr.  Laing,  M.P.,  Sir  J.  e  principal  directors  of  the  It  wad  the  intention  of  the  Royal  p  ar  ty  t  o  Veral  haws  in  the  Exhibition.  having  entered  where  her  Majest  Paxton,  Mr.  'Gro'ire.  and  ti  uompany  spend  WAG'.  ER  CASE  .—LIIMLEY  V.  GYE  .-Th  e  ;e  ofLumley  v.  Gye  is  still  pending,  and  will  be  i  e  sittings  after  the  ensuing  Michaelmas  Term.  tin  against  Mr.  Gye  for  inducing,  as  is  asserted,  Miss  Johodna  Wagner,  the  celebrated  German  artiste,  to  break  he  alleged  contract  with  Mr  Lumley,  who  lays  his  aat  no  less  a  sum  than  £30,000.  The  principal  as,  including  Miss  Wagner  herself,  being  beyond  the  regular  jurisdiction  of  the  English  Courts,  a  commission  has  been  issued  to  take  their  evidence  at  Berlin,  where  their  examination  and  cross-examination  will  be  conducted  by  English  counsel,  through  the  medium  of  a  sworn  interpreter.  Mr.  Hayward,  Queen's  Counsel,  has  been  named  sole  com commissioner,  missioner, commissioner,  and  will  discharge,  pro  tante,  the  duties  of  a  judge  at  a  nisi  prius  trial.  The  commission  is  to  bo  opened  at  Berlin  on  the  7th  inst,  damag  )AILY  TIMES.  The  follhwing  was  published  with  a  portion  of  our  impression  of  yesterday.]  ANOTHER  RIOT  AT  WIGAN.  .  (FROM  OUR-  OWN,,RE  PORTER.)  WIGAN,  TUESDAY  MORNING  Last  night  a  mob  of  about  ,300  men  and  boys  attacked  the  Saw  Mill  Lord  Crawford's  Colliery,  New  Springs,  Aspull,  and  -  were  fired  on.  It  is  believed  two  of  thein  are'  wounded,  but  none  of  the  rioters  were  left  on  the  ground.  The  Saw  Mill  is  - STYLE=superscript  a  large  building  where  the  joinering,  smith-work,  and  wagon  making  required  for  the  Colliery  is  done,  and  about  120  Welsh  Colliers  (  as  they  are  here  sometimes  called,)  are  at  present  lodging  in  it.  It  is  about  two  miles  from  the  centre  of  the  town.  It  is  said,  that  yesterday  afternoon  the  authorities  received  an  intimation  that  an  attack  upOn'the  place  was  meditated,  and  that  threats  had  been  used  by  turn-out  colliers  to  the  effect,  that  they  would  have  the  Welshmen's  blood  that  night;  and  Mr.  Peace,  manager  of  the  colliery,  was  warned.  About  Six  o'clock  the  mob  came  to  the  Saw-mill,  from  the  direction  of  Wigan,  armed  with  sticks,  and  making  a  great  noise.  Inspector  Gillet  and  ten  county  policemen  and  Mr.  Peace  and  half-a-dozen  of  his  men  tried  to  prevent  the  rioters  coming  through  the  gate  leading  into  the  Saw-mill  yard,  but  after  standing  a  shower  of  stones  for  some  minutes,  they  retreated  to  the  Saw-mill,  and  the  mob  then  broke  through  the  gates,  and  advanced  about  sixty  yards  to  where  a  large  fire  was  burning  ;  this  gave  forth  a  bright  light,  a  thing  they  did  not  appear  to  want,  therefore  they  threw  it  over.  A  shot  was  then  fired  at  them  from  the  Saw-mill,  and  they  retreated  to  the  gate;  but  rallied  and  returned  to  within  a  few  yards  of  the  building.  Four  shots  were  then  fired  at  them,  and  they  retreated  and  ran  towards  Wigan.  Two  men  are  said  to  be  wounded,  one  in  the  face,  and  another  in  the  leg.  It  is  said  one  had  to  be  carried  away.  The  military  were  sent  for  from  Wigan,  but  when  they  arrived,  all  was  peaceable.  Thirty  soldiers,  and  Mr.  Acton,  county  magistrate,  remained  at  the  Saw  Mill  .all  night,  but  the  rest  of  the  troops  were  marched  back  to  Wigan.  Two  additional  troops  of  the  34th  regiment  of  infantry  were  tele  g  raphed  for  from  Preston,  a  nd  arr  i  ve  d  a  t  10  o  '  c  l  oc  k,  and  at  2  o'clock  this  morning  a  troop  of  cavalry  came  from  Manchester,  having  been  sent  for.  The  troops  are  quartered  at  the  new  Public  Hall.  •  Scholes  (inhabited  by  colliers  and  factory  people,)  was  much  excited,  when  the  report  of  the  attack  and  firing  spread  through  the  town,  but  towards  half-past  9  the  streets  became  less  thronged,  and  by  10  o'clock  few  were  to  be  seen  out  of  doors.  All  is  now  quiet.  About  one  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning,  the  houses  of  five  knobsticks  (labourers  who  have  gone  to  work  in  coal-pits  belonging  to  Lord  Crawford)  were  attacked  by  about  fifty  men  with  blackened  faces,  and  the  windows  were  smashed,  but  nothing  further  done.  These  houses  are  at  Blackrod,  32  miles  from  Wigan,  and  they  are  the  property  of  his  lordship.  FURTHER  PARTICULARS  WIGAN,  Tuesday  evening  This  morning  I  forwarded  you  the  particulars  of  an  attack,  which  was  made  last  night,  on  the  Saw  Mill,  at  the  Earl  of  Crawford  and.  Balcarres's  Colliery  at  New  Springs.  It  cannot  be  distinctly  ascertained  how  many  of  the  rioters  were  wounded,  when  they  were  fired  upon  from  the  Saw  Mill,  but  there  is  every  reason  to  believe  that  five  of  them  received  injuries,  more  or  less  severe.  One  of  them  was  so  much  hurt,  that  his  comrades  were  seen  carrying  him  away  when  retreating,  and  there  are  drops  of  blood  in  the  Saw  Mill  yard.  Of  course  the  wounded  rioters  have  great  cause  to  keep  their  mishap  a  secret.  There  are  now  nearly  350  soldiers  in  Wigan,  and  at  the  saw-mill,  the  50  of  a  guard  still  remains  there.  A  mounted-messenger,  named  James  Johnson,.  employed  by  the  authorities,  was  fired  at  as  he  was  :  riding  through  Scholes,  but  was  not  injured.  Between  11  and  12  o'clock  last  night  a  crowd  of  about  100  persons  congregated  near  the  church  gates.  Wallgate.  and  about  fifty  yards  from  the  market,  and  they  shouted  and  became  disor disorderly.  derly. disorderly.  Information  of  this  was  immediately  con conveyed  veyed conveyed  to  the  Public  Hall,  and  the  mayor,  with  Mr.  H.  Woods  and  M.  Evans,  borough-magistrates,  set  forth,  accompanied  by  policemen  and  special  constables,  to  the  number  of  about  twenty;  but  the  crowd  had  dispersed  when  they  got  to  Wallgate.  After  assuring  themselves  that  the  streets  were  all  in  a  peaceable  state,  the  authorities  ordered  back  their  force  to  the  Public  Hall.  Nothing  further  of  moment  occurred  during  the  night.  To-day,  the  principal  streets  of  the  town  were  much  thronged,  especially  the  Market  Place,  but  this  cannot  be  much  wondered  at,  when  it  is  re remembered  membered remembered  that  there  are  many  thousand  turn-outs,  and  that  the  municipal  election  was  proceeding.  The  Town  Hall,  which  is  in  the  centre  of  the  Market  Place,  was  the  polling  booth  for  Swinley  Ward,  where  the  closest  contest  in  the  borough  was  carried  on  ;  and  it  was  surrounded  by  a  large  num number  ber number  of  perspns.  The  least  movement  caused  a  crowd  to  collect,  so  great  is  the  excitement  in  the  borough.  Scholes  was  also  much  thronged  by  groups  of  colliers  and  other  persons,  but  no  dis disturbance  turbance disturbance  was  created.  Throughout  the  town,  scouts  are  placed  by  the  authorities,  and  at  short  intervals  they  send  reports  to  the  Public  Hall,  as  to  the  state  of  their  respective  districts.  The  Mayor  and  Magistrates  are  thus  kept  in  possession  of  a  knowledge  of  the  state  of  all  parts  of  the  borough  This  morning,  two-thirds  of  the  colliers  (150)  employed  at  Bickershaw  Colliery,  belonging  to  Messrs.  Ackers,  Whitley,  and  Co.,  resumed  work  at  the  prices  upon  which  they  turned  out,  and  this  has  excited  strong  feelings  amongst  the  colliers  who  are  still  on  strike,  and  who  threatened  to  pull  the  works  on  the  surface  down  at  night.  The  Col Colliery  liery Colliery  is  situated  in  the  township  of  Abram,  midway  between  Wigan  and  Leigh,  being  about  32  miles  from  each  place.  •  The  colliery  was  guarded  last  night  by  officers  of  the  county  constabulary,  under  the  command  of  Mr.  Superintendent  Fowler,  of  the  Leigh  division.  At  the  time  of  my  despatch  leav leaving  ing leaving  Wi  g  an  no  outbreak  had  been  reported  at  the  Public  Hall.  All  was  peaceable  in  the  town.  The  following  notice  has  just  been  posted  on  the  walls  of  the  town  :  NOTICE  AND  CAUTION.  Notice  is  hereby  given,  that  in  consequence  of  the  riotous  proceedings  and  felonious  acts  which  have  been  re recently  cently recently  committed  in  Wigan  and  the  neighbourhood,  her  Majesty's  Justices  of  the  Peace,  actin&amp;  in,  and  for,  the  borough  of  Wigan,  and  the  surrounding  district  o  f  th  e  county  of  Lancaster,  deem  it  necessary,  for  the  preservation  of  the  peace,  to  prevent,  and  they  have  determined  to  pre prevent  vent prevent  or  disperse,  all  processions  and  meetings,  or  assemblies  in  numbers.  All  persons  are  therefore  cautioned  against  attending  or  taking  part  in  any  such  proceedings;  and  all  persons  who  shall,  after  the  issue  of  this  notice  and  caution,  attend  or  take  part  in  any  such  processions  or  public  meetings,  or  large  as assemblies,  semblies, assemblies,  will  be  apprehended  and  dealt  with  according  to  law.  BY  ORDER  OF  THE  MAGISTRATES,  ISt  November,  LIVERPOOL  BANKRUPTCY  COURT.-  YESTERDAY  (Before  Mr.  Commissioner  Perry.)  In  Re  TYilliarn  Tweddle.  The  bankrupt  is  a  soap-boiler,  and  carried  on  business  in  Cherry-lane,  and  this  day  his  son  was  examined  at  considerable  length  by  Mr.  Pemberton,:  but  nothing  im important  portant important  was  elicited.—Further  adjourned.  In  Re  Patrick  Drum  The  bankrupt  carried  on  business  as  a  glass-bottle  dealer,  in,  Hanover-street,  and  his  bankruptcy  was  declared  in  November,  1849.  He  came  up  for  his  certificate  this  day.  It  appeared  that  at  the  time  his  failure  was  about  to  occur,  he  advanced  £lB3  to  relieve  his  father  who  resides  in  Dublin,  from  some  difficulties  ;  but  this  sum  the  father  will  not  pay,  in  consequence  of  alleged  inability.  Mr.  Yates,  junr.,  who  appeared  for  the  assignees,  said  that  this  transac transaction  tion transaction  between  the  father  and  son  was  a  fraudulent  one,  and  the  father,  though  he  alleged  the  contrary,  was  still  in  a  position  to  pay  the  money,  and  would  be  compelled  to  do  so.  His  HONOR  thought  that  there  was  no  ground  for  further  s  uspension,  he  could  not  allow  more  than  a  third  class  e  rti  fic  ate.  FROM  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDENT  LONDON,  TUEsitDAY  EVENING.  The  telegraphic  news  from  Vienna,  both  last  night  and  this  morning,  is  of  the  highest  importance.  There  is  no  longer  any  doubt  that  a  considerable  detachment,  if  not  an  entire  moiety  of  the  Turkish  army  have  crossed  the  Danube,  and  by  this  time  an  encounter  has  taken  place  with  the  Russians.  The  Turks  appear  to  have  crossed  on  the  27th,  and  a  battle  was  expected  on  the  28th.  They  do  not  appear  to  'have  been  molested  in  the  act  of  crossing,  from  which  it  is  inferred  that  the  Russian  commander  feels  confidence  in  the  successful  issue  of  the  contest.  Further  news  is  loOked  for  here  with  the  greatest  anxiety,  but  more  is  expected  before  to-Morrow.  In  the  mean meantime  time meantime  some  parties  affect  to  doubt  the  authenticity  of  that  now  received.  They  are  however  wrong.  It  is  stated  that  a  special  ambassador  is  to  be  sent  to  the  Porte,  but  I  cannot  trace,  the  rumour  to  any  better  foundation  than  a  report  which  pre prevailed  vailed prevailed  yesterday  upon  the  Bourse  at  Paris.  REV.  H.  S.  BROWN'S  LECTURES.  •  The  Rev.  H.  S.  Brown  delivered  the  first  of  a  series  of  lectures  upon  the  Religions  of  the  East,  at  the  Concert-hall  last  night.  The  attendance  was  exceedingly  numerous.  The  first  lecture  referred  to  the  religions  of  China,  and  the  philosophy  of  Confucius.  After  a  - STYLE=superscript  brief  description  of  the  civil  institutions  and  social  habits  of.  the  Chinese,  the  Rev.  Mr.  Brown  proceeded  to  describe  their  system  of  education.  It  consisted  simply  in  what  were  called  the  sacred  classics,  and  woe  to  the  student  who  dared  to  breathe  one  syllable  that  might,  in  any  respect,  seem  to  contradict.,  or  to  go  beyond  the  teachings  of  Confucius.  To  be  able  to  read,  to  have  obtained  some  tolerably  incorrect  notions  of  the  geography  of  their  own  country,  and  to  be  convinced  that  no  other  nation  in  the  world  was  equal  to  theirs,  all  the  others  being  barbarians  and  devils,  and  to  be  able  to  hold  some  babbling  toner toner.  . toner.  sation  upon  the  opinions  c  f  their  philosopher,  constituted  learning  amongst  the  Chinese.  Th  e  great  object  of  all  schools  there,  was  simply  to  instruct  the  people  to  read  their  own  language,  in  order  that  they  might  read  the  sacred  classics,  and  learn  from  them  the  great  principle  of  absolute  submission  to  the  government,  upon  which  the  whole  fabric  of  Chinese  despotism  stood.  It  was  an  exact  illustration  of  the  words  of  a  little  learning-  is  a  dangerous  thing,  it  wa  s  th  e  k  now  l  e  d  ge  which  puffeth  up,  not  the  knowledge  which  edifies.  They  took  care  of  the  minds  of  their  youths,  as  they  took  care  of  the  feet  of  their  young  children—they  cramped  both.  (Applause.)  He  knew  of  nothing  with  which  the  original  essays  composed  by  their  scholars  could  be  compared,  except  the  majority  of  the  orthodox  sermons  in  England,  than  which,  nothing  could  be  more  stupid  and  uninteresting,  or  less  on  al.  (Loud  laughter,  and  applause.)  The  Reverend  lecturer  then  proceeded  to  describe  the  religions  of  China.  The  prin principal  cipal principal  religion  was  that  of  Confucius,  who  seemed  to  have  been  born  about  550  years  before  Christ.  It  was  difficult  to  say,  whether  he  should  be  re regarded  garded regarded  simply  as  a  philosopher,  or  as  a  philosopher  and  theologian.  Confucius  did  not  venture  to  introduce  his  principles  as  anything  new,  for,  if  he  had  done  so,  they  would  never  be  received,  but  he  represented  them  as  the  revival  or  restoration  of  the  principles  of  government  and  religion  which  existed  in  a  fabulous  golden  age  of  Chinese  history.  By  this  means  they  were  received.  They  were  contained  in  what  were  called  the  sacred  classics.  These  sacred  clasSics  were  nine  in  number,  four  books,  and  five  canonical  works.  The  four  books  contained  the  principles  of  government  of  Confucius  and  some  of  his  views  with  re regard  gard regard  to  religion.  The  first  canonical  book  contained  a  col collection  lection collection  of  sacred  songs,  which  might  compare  in  antiquity,  although  in  nothing  else,  with  the  psalms  of  David.  The  second  contained  some  political  works.  The  third  was  called  the  book  of  rites  and  ceremonies,  and  was  said  to  contain  no  fewer  than  3,000  rites  and  ceremonies,  which  regulated  the  whole  course  of  Chinese  manners  and  behaviour,  from  the  presentation  of  the  most  solemn  sacrifices  down  to  the  most  paltry  poihts  of  etiquette,  The  next  was  Confucius's  his history  tory history  of  his  own  times.  The  last  was  a  very  singular  and  wholly  unintelligible  work,  containing  a  mystical  system  of  the  universe,  which  was  of  little  importance  to  us,  except  that  it  seemed  to  indicate  the  pantheistic  tendency  of  the  Confucian  philosophy.  In  some  portions  of  these  works  would  be  found  many  sound  axioms  and  admirable  moral  i  principles.  There  were  also  several  sound  political  axioms,  amongst  which  the  lecturer  He  who  gains  the  hearts  of  the  people  gains  the  throne,  and  he  who  loses  the  hearts  of  the  people  loses  the  How  is  the  man  to  serve  his  prince,  who,  when  out  o  f  office  is  only  anxious  to  get  back  to  it,  and  when  in  office  is  only  desirous  to  keep  (Applause  and  laughter.)  The  lecturer  also  quoted  some  of  their  proverbs,  one  of  which,  he  observed,  would  uyyly  v.x  y  Laub  iu  nngic  L  u  t  i-e  t  Th  e  U  l  an  li  t  b  oots  does  not  know  the  man  in  laught  er  )—  an  d  another  which,  he  remarked,  might  be  heard  with  advanta  g  e  by  most  Let  every  man  sweep  the  snow  from  his  own  door,  and  not  busy  himself  about  the  frost  on  his  neighbour's  tiles.  (Applause.)  Some  of  these  maxims  were  not  so  ad admirable,  mirable, admirable,  for  they  inculcated  the  system  of  private  venge vengeance,  ance, vengeance,  and  other  equally  objectionable  doctrines.  The  lec lecturer  turer lecturer  impressed  upon  his  hearers,  that  the  Chinese  were  by  no  means  a  religious  people,  and  were  as  indifferent  as  any  race  in  the  world  to  man's  state  in  a  future  existence.  Con Confucius  fucius Confucius  seemed  himself  to  have  been  all  at  sea  regardinc  , STYLE=superscript  reli religion—in  gion—in religion—in  fact,  religion  with  him  seemed  to  consist  chiefly  in  submission  to  Government,  and  he  did  not  even  state  clearly  whether  he  believed  in  the  Sublime  Being  at  all,  but  com commanded  manded commanded  his  disciples  to  worship  all  the  elements  and  pheno phenomena  mena phenomena  of  nature.  The  lecturer  expressed  a  strong  doubt  whether  the  movers  of  the  present  revolution  in  China  would  be  able  to.  overthrow  the  tenets  of  Confucius  in  a  few  months,  which  had  been  so  firmly  established  in  the  minds  of  the  Chinese  nation.  No  man  who  ever  lived  had  been  so  revered  as  the  Chinese  philosopher.  For  two  thousand  years  he  had  been  revered  as  the  very  personification  of  wisdom—for  two  thousand  years,  no  matter  who  might  be  seated  upon  the  throne,  no  matter  what  . STYLE=superscript  the  name  of  the  yellow-lobed  son  of  Heaven  who  held  the  sceptre—Confucius  had  been  virtu virtually  ally virtually  the  ruler  of  upwards  of  300  millions  of  people;  and  he  was  still  as  much  revered  as  ever,  and  sacrifices  still  pre presented  sented presented  to  his  departed  shade.  (Applause.)  The  lecturer  then  briefly  described  the  nature  of  Buddhism,  and  other  sects  which  had  been  introduced  into  China,  and  concluded  by  announcing  that,  in  his  next  lecture,  he  would  take  a  survey  of  the  origin  and  progress  of  the  present  Chinese  revolution,  with  a  glance  at  its  possible  result.  During  the  lecture,  the  rev.  gentleman  gave  several  humorous  descrip descriptions  tions descriptions  of  Chinese  and  Tartar  superstitions,  ceremonies,  and  medical  systems,  which  were  received  with  laughter.  At  the  conclusion  he  was  warmly  applauded.  MURDER  OF  A  POLICEMAN  IN  CAVENDISH-  STREET  About  a  quarter  before  two  o'clock,  yesterday.  afternoon,  a  great  crowd  of  persons  assembled  about  a  public-house  in  Edgar-street,  to  which  it  is  said  that  two  or  three  of  the  voters  at  the  municipal  'elections  had  retired.  The  parties  inside  seemed  anxious  to  get  away,  but  the  rough  crowd  outside  insisted  upon  getting  money  from  them  before  they  shonld  be  allowed  to  pass.  Police-officer,  95,  who  was  at  the  time  on  duty  in  Mary Marybone,  bone, Marybone,  came  up  just  at  this  moment,  and  perceived  the  crowd,  which  shortly  afterwards  took  the  direction  of  Cavendish Cavendishstreet,  street, Cavendishstreet,  and  in  that  street  he  first  saw  the  deceased  man,  police-officer,  732,  whose  name  is  Richard  Sunderland.  He  seemed  to  be  remonstrating  with  some  person  in  the  crowd,  and  in  a  few  minutes  after  the  officer  saw  him  clap  his  hand  upon  his  groin  and  then  fall  down.  When  next  he  saw  him  he  was  a:  corpse  in  Rose-hill  dispensary.  He  was  re removed  moved removed  there  about  two  o'clock,  and  died  about  five  minutes  afterwards.  From  information  received  by  the  police  he  very  soon  after  this  arrested  a  young  man  about  18  years  of  age,  named  Thomas  Copeland,  who,  it  appears,  was  seen  by  more  than  one  witness,  deliberately  t  o  ra  i  se  hi  s  hand  (in  which  he  held  a  knife)  and  stab  the  officer  in  the  groin.  The  wound  divides  the  fem  oraljartery,and  proved  fatal  almost  immediately,  from  bleeding.  The  unfortunate  officer  was  a  man  of  tha  mildest  disposition,  so  much  so,  that  it  was  contemplated  by  by  - STYLE=superscript  his  superiors  to  remove  aim  to  some  less  rough  neighbour neighbourhood  hood neighbourhood  than  that  where  his  beat  was.  lie  has  left  a  widow  and  five  children  to  mourn  his  untimely  fate.  The  alleged  imurderer,  Copeland,  is  a  j STYLE=superscript  well-known  thief,  and  one  of  the  most  desperate  characters  in  Liverpool,  having  been  previously  convicted  of  stabbing.  He  will  be  brought  before  the  magistrates  this  morning.  STATE  OF  TRADE,  MANCHESTER.  TUESDAY  Our  market  has  been  quiet  to-day,-and  in  yarns,  particu particularly  larly particularly  so.  Some  spinners  who  are  now  out  of  contract  are  anxious  sellers  and  prices  are  in  some  instances  lower  than  last  Tuesday.  In  all  export  yarns,  there  is  little  doing,  and  bundle  yarn  is  cheaper  than  cob,  so  that  many  spinners  are  declining  bundle  orders.  India  and  China  yarns  are  difficult  of  sale,  except  at  very  low  prices.  For  India  50s.  100.  perpound,  is  now  the  quotation.  Yarns  for  home  trade  consumption  are  accumulating  in  consequence  of  the  decreased  demand,  on  account  of  the  strikes  in  the  manufacturing  district  around  Manchester.  All  in  cob  are  lower  than  this  day  week,  325.  twist  in  par particular,  ticular, particular,  is  much  depressed.  Producers  at  this  number,  aro  anxious  sellers,  _  _  The  yarns  are  in  some  instances  quoted  id.  to  2d.  per  bound  down  since  last  week.  Very  few  orders  given  out  however.  Doubled  yarns  are  depressed  with  very  little  en enquiry.  quiry. enquiry.  •  GLASGOW  MUNICIPAL  ELECTIONS.  -  Tuesday,  the  municipal  elections  throughout  the  various  wards  of  the  city  are  taking  place  to-day,  but  are  causing  very  little  interest,  politics  having  now  very  little  to  do  with  contests  for  civic  honors.  Almost  all  of  the  former  members  of  council  who  are  candidates,  will  be  re-elected."
