text
"ritt:p•lc  the  Custom-house  (which  is  my  winl  the  U  S.  Consul,  sent  down  a  couple  of  marines,  and  we  luld  to  take  refuge  in  his  house.  How  long  it  will  last,  (hod  only  knows:  hut.  meanwhile.  of  ten  Nnt  s  dist  - STYLE=superscript  am:0)  so  Menalton  Is  suspended,  and  a  blow  r.  -•  to  trade.  from  wilie's  it  will  take  months  to  recover  even  if  things,  finally,  are  anything  approaching  to  being  satisfactorily  arranged  God  help  us.  say  I.  Every  man,  woman,  and  child  suffers,  except  the  ruffians  mixed  up  in  it,  who  ha  ve  nothinn•  to  lose.  Will  you  believ  e  it,  we  hive  not  an  English  man manof-war  of-war manof-war  in  port,  and,  consequently,  even  our  minister  has  to  accept  a  French  anato,  or  do,  without.  My  house  is  in  a  very  exposed  situation,  but  thanks  to  my  friendship  with  the  U.S.  Congul,  and  ac acquaintance  quaintance acquaintance  with  their  marine,  offi  c  er,  I  have  an  eye  k  pt  on  it  by  their  guard.  A  fe*  days  ago,  when  things  looked  very  had,  we  h  a  d  a  brig  of  war  here.  the  Star,  Capt.  Boyle,  but  he  NverlttO  sea,  (on  a  efuise!)  two  days  before  (.tribe's  troops  entered  the  town,  and  notwithstanding  the  request  of  the  Consul,  and  others,  to  remain.  Ido  hope  a  proper  repre representation  sentation representation  of  his  desertion  of  us  will  go  home  to  the  Admiralty,  and  at  any  rate  he  will  t  esteemed  on  his  return  here.  -So  far  as  a  e  bi,2lllv  we  luny  alt  have  our  throats  cut  to.thorrow—  , STYLE=superscript  not  so  the  French,  or  Spanish,  or  American.  who  have  earth  landed  men  for  the  protection  of  the  bonQes  of  their  country  men,  and  conjointly  have  teat:::  Custom  muse  where  their  countrymen's  prom-,  is.  We  Englishmen  are  utterly  unrepresented  and  unnrotected_  , STYLE=superscript  nvsevßi  , STYLE=superscript  n  of  the  4TH  DECEMBEit.—  Every  thing  quiet  for  the  pre.  sent,  but  even  if  all  march  straight  it  will  of  course  require  some  time  for  confi  fence  to  be  restored.  Patience  !  perhaps  after  till  it  is  better  to  have  a  burst,  an,l  the  atmosphere  eleaVed,  than  a  con continual  tinual continual  cloud  hanging  over.  Some  people  at`e  in  great  hopes  of  the  country  going  ahead  under  Oribe—we  shall  see  !—nobody  can  pronounce  a  judgment."
