text
"ng,s  from  store,  THE  RUGELEY  POISONING  CASES  COURT  OP  QUEEN'S  BENCH,  YE;TERDAY.  (Sittings  in  Banco,  before  Lord  Chief  Justice  Cam  pbell,  Justices  Coleridge,  Wightman,  and  Crompton.)  THE  QUEEN  V.  WILLIAM  PALMER  Mr.  James,  Q.C.,  and  Mr.  Hawkins  appeared  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Deau,  solicitor,  for  the  prosecution  of  the  indictments  for  murder  charged  against  the  prisoner— prisonerthose  those prisonerthose  of  his  wife  and  brother—to  show  cause  against  the  issuing  the  writ  of  certiorari  obtained  in  ti  e  case  on  Tuesday  last.  Mr.  Huddleston  and  Mr.  Scotland  appeared  for  the  relatives  of  the  late  Mr.  Cook,  also  to  show  cause  against  therule.  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins  and  Mr.  Gray  supported  the  rule.  Mr.  James,  in  the  absence  of  the  Attorney-General,  said  that  from  a  communication  he  had  had  from  the  latter  learned  gentleman,  it  was  not  his  intention  to  make  any  opposition  to  the  issue  of  the  writ  if  their  lordships  thought  it  ought  to  issue,  because  it  could  not  be  doubted  that  at  Stafford  and  its  neighbourhood  great  excitement  prevailed,  and  the  Crown  authorities  were  of  opinion  it  would  be  safer  both  for  the  prosecution  and  the  prisoner  that  the  trial  should  not  take  place  at  Stafford.  Mr.  Huddleston  opposed  the  issuing  the  rule,  not,  he  said,  from  any  factious  motives,  but  from  the  difficulties  which  he  said  surrounded  the  application  and  the  want  of  jurisdiction  of  the  court,  both  of  which  he  explained.  Lord  Campbell  said  the  question  the  court  had  to  de determine  termine determine  was  whether  two  certioraris  should  issue—one  to  the  coroner,  to  return  the  inquisitions,  and  another  to  the  assizes,  to  return  to  the  court  any  indictments  that  might  be  found.  He  was  of  opinion  that  in  this  case  th  e  ends  of  justice  required  that  it  should  be  done.  Hi  s  Lordship  said  he  hoped  that.  pending  the  trial,  no  further  public  discussion  would  take  place  on  this  case.  It  was  most  improper  to  do  so,  and  was  much  to  be  deprecated►  and  Mit  could  be  proved  that  it  was  done  with  an  im improper  proper improper  motive  the  parties  so  offending  would  be  liable  ►o  punishment.  Rule  made  absolute,  SAILOR'S  HOMI  -AI•TNUAL  MEETING  Was  hAd  in  the  Board-room  at  tw  taken  by  James  Aiken,  Esq.  The  annual  Meeting  of  the  governors  and  members  of  the  Sailor's  Homo  The  chair  was  The  Secretary  re  d  the  followia  REPORT"
