text
"DENMARK.  The  Volksthing,  on  the  13th  instant,  formed  itself  into  a  committee,  composed  of  the  whole  of  its  members,  for  the  examination  of  the  new  con constitutional  stitutional constitutional  project  for  the  kingdom  of  Denmark.  It  decided  unanimously,  after  a  short  discussion,  to  reject  the  project  of  the  government,  and  to  take  for  the  base  of  its  deliberations  the  funda fundamental  mental fundamental  law  of  the  sth  of  June,  1849.  There  will  be  three  discussions.  IUSTRALIAN  ROYAL  NAVIGATION  MAIL  COMPANY.  STEAM  Inesday  last,  an  extraordinary  meeting  of  the  s,  was  held  at  the  London  Tavern,  for  the  several  purposes  hereinafter  mentioned,  viz  ducinp..,  o  or  an  th  ori  vary  the  provisions  of  ti  hat  the  number  of  shar  he  directors  t  Bed  of  settlement  which  require  to  be  held  by  a  director  should  been  held  for  six  consecutive  months  next  pre prehis  his prehis  election,  or  otherwise  relate.  to  the  electio❑  or  qualification  of  directiors  ;  annulling,  alterir  _  or  authorising  the  directors  to  annul,  alter,  or  vary  the  pro provisions  visions provisions  of  the  deed  of  settlement  relating  to  the  scale  of  voting  at  general  meetings,  adopting,  in  place  thereof,  the  scale  of  voting  mentioned  in  the  Companies  Clauses  Consolidation  Act,  1845,  or  any  other  scale  ;  adopting  or  authorising  the  directors  to  adopt  any  other  provisions,  and  passing  or  authorising  bye-laws  relative  to  the  matters  aforesaid,  or  any  of  them  ;  sanctioning  any  a.pplication  to  the  President  of  the  Board  of  Trade  for  his  consent  to  and  approval  of  any  resolution  or  resolutions  of  the  company  passed  or'to  be  thereafter  passed,  relating  to  the  matters  aforesaid  or  any  of  them  ;  appointing  new  directors  ;  appointing  an  auditor,  or  varyin  d  fixing  the  remuneration  of  director  and  auditors  if  the  meeting  should  so  think  fit)  for  the  purr  approving,  and  carrying  into  effect  any  proposition  for  the  dissolution  and  winding-up  of  the  com company,  pany, company,  and  of  passing  all  such  resolutions,  and  giving  all  such  powers  and  instructions  to  the  directors,  or  any  other  per persons  sons persons  or  person,  and  transacting  all  such  business  in  relation  to  .the  matters  aforesaid,  or  any  of  them,  as  the  meeting  shall  think  The  CHAIRMAN,  Mr.  T.  G.  Frith,  opened  the  proceedings  by  stating  that  he  trusted  every  gentleman  would  be  as  cool  as  possible.  The  object  of  every  one  present  was  to  protect  the  company's  property,  which  he  was  afraid  would  be  utterly  ruined  if  the  dissensions  which  had  hitherto  been  exhibited  should  be  continued.  (Hear,  hear.)  .  ,  The  SECRETARY  then  read  a  report  which  stated  that  the  directors  had  made  an  application  to  the  board  of  trade  for  the  purpose  of  soliciting  the  requisite  sanction  to  the  repeal  or  modification  of  the  existing  provision  of  the  deed  of  set-  - STYLE=superscript  tlement,  which  makes  a  six  month's  tenure  of  the  prescribed  number  of  shares  a  part  of  the  qualification,  of  a  director,  and  that  the  reply  of  the  board  of  trade  was  that  they  could  not  take  the  proposal'  into  consideration,  until  they  were  satisfied  that  the  change  proposed  had  - STYLE=superscript  been  fully  and  de deliberately  liberately deliberately  approved  by  the  shareholders.  On  receipt  of  this  communication,  the  directors  thought  it  right  to  con-  le  the  proprietori  by  a  notice  comprehensive  enough  to  dude  all  business  likely  to  be  brought  forward  by  them-  selves  or  others.  The  business  which  the  director's  had  to  propose  would  consist  of  two  resolutions—the  first,  to  adopt  and  - STYLE=superscript  confirm  the  pending  application  to  ,the  . STYLE=superscript  board  . STYLE=superscript  of  trade  ;  and  the  second,  to  reduce  the  number  of  directors  to  such  a  number  as  the  proprietors  might  think  best  fitted  for  the  effective  administration  of  the  company's  affairs.  The  CHAIRMAN,  then  after  a  few  recapitulatory  remarks,  6'  That  this  meeting  is  of"
