text
"HISTORIC  SOCIETY.  The  Literary  Section  of  this  Society  met  last  night,  in  the  grand  jury  room,  St.  George's  Hall,  Mr.  J.  T.  Danson  in  the  choir.  Among  the  donations  received  were  —from  the  Royal  Asiatic  Society,  London  :  Journals,  volumes  from  1849  to  1854;  a  Desctiptive  Catalogue  of  the  Historical  MSS.  in  the  Asiatic  and  Persian  Languages  in  the  Library  of  the  Royal  Asiatic  Society,  by  William  H.  Morley,  M.R.A.5..;  Essay  on  the  Architecture  of  the  Hindus.  by  Ram  Rz,  a  native  judge  in  India,  4to,  with  48  plates,'  1834  ;  Vestiges  of  ASsyria,  with  thre  large  coloured  maps,  exhibiting  the  . STYLE=superscript  remains  of  AnCient  Nineveh  and  the  Modern  Mosul  ;  from  J.  T.  Danson,  Agri Agriculture  culture Agriculture  in  Cheshire;  Five  Letters  on  Farming  Agreements,  by  a  Tenant  Farmer,  1855:  &amp;c.  Mr.  Percy  M.  Dove  exhibited,  partly  in  illustration  of  his  own  paper,  two  manuscript  volumes  containing  autograph  letters  and  copies  of  letters  from  distinguished  persons  during  the  last  sixty  or  seventy  years.  Among  them  were  several  original  letters  from  Dr.  Franklin,  one  of  which  anticipated  modern  disceveritv  in  magnetism  and  geology.  Thera  were  other  letters  fiom  Bloomfield,  Rogers,  Maria  Edgeworth,  cte.  Mr.  Sanson  exhibited,  on  behalf  of  Mr.  P.  G.  Smith,  a  series  of  twenty  photographs  of  the  interior  of  Sebaetopol,  taken  a  few  days  after  its  capture.  They  were  very  beautiful.  Mr.  Bloxham  exhibited  a  copy  of  Cicero's  .De  Seneetute,  printed  and  published  in  Philadelphia  in  1745,  by  Bentimin  Franklin,  interesting  as  a  specimen  of  printing  in  the  United  States  a  century  ago,  and  as  being  the  first  translation  of  a  classic  made  in  America.  It  contained  also  a  characteristic  preface  of  Franklin  to  the  reader.  Mr.  Mayer  exhibited  a  large  ring,  taken  off  the  finger  of  a  Russian  soldier  that  fell  in  the  Redan;  also  a  Russian  helmet  from  tha  same  place.  Dr.  Bell,  F.S.A.,  by  the  hands  of  Mr.  Mayer,  an  original  addition  of  Reynard  the  printed  in  1660,  written  in  the  low  German  dialect,  now  almost  unintelligible  to  the  readers  of  modern  or  high  German.  The  wood  cuts,  with  which  it  is  profusely  illustrated,  are  extremely  curious,  and  so  applicable  to  the  text,  that  they  have  served  as  types  for  most  of  the  modern  editions  of  that  most  renowned  poem.  The  paper  of  the  evening  was  the  continuation  of  Mr.  Percy  M.  Dove's  paper,  On  the  unpublished  letters  of  It  is  stated  that  the  estate  of  Messrs  Palmer  and  Gre,  ne,  of  the  Lichfield  Bank,  will  prove  less  unsatisfactory  than  bad  been  anticipated,  and  that  a  realisation  of  I  2s  6d  in  the  pound  is  considered  probable.  EMANCIPATION  OF  THE  JEWS.—We  have  good  reason  for  believing  that  Mr.  Milner  Gibson  will,  soon  after  the  re•  assembling  of  parliament,  move  for  leave  to  bring  in  a  bill  for  the  repeal  of  the  oath  of  abjuration.—Morning  Advertiser.  Mr.  Patrick  M'Mahon,  M.P.  for  Wexford,  a  native  of  the  County  Limerick,  and  far  some  years  a  reporter  on  the  London  press,  bas  cut  the  Tenant  League  and  refused  to  attend  their  meetings,  having,  he  says,  to  pursue  his  pro profession  fession profession  in  England.—Litnerich  Chronicle.  GALWAY  HARBOUR  OP  REFUGE,—On  Tuesday  a  depu deputation  tation deputation  from  Galway,  headed  by  Mr.  M.  J.  Blake,  M.P.,  and  Mr.  A.  O'Flahcrty,  N.P.,  waited  on  Mr.  Horsman,  Chief  Secretary  for  Ireland,  on  the  subject  of  constructing  a  harbour  of  refuge  at  Galway,  chiefly  with  the  aid  of  convict  labour.  Mr.  Horeman  went  very  fitly  into  the  matter,  and  promised  that  he  would  give  it  particular  attention.  Mr.  Peter  Benson  Maxwell,  of  the  English  common  law  har,  has  been  appointed  to  the  vacant  recordership  of  Penang.  The  salary  is,  we  believe,  £2.000  a-year,  with  a  chance  of  ultimate  promotion  to  the  bench  of  the  Superior  Courts  in  India.  Mr.  Maxwell  was  one  of  the  commis commissioners  sioners commissioners  selected  by  the  Duke  of  Newcastle  in  the  autumn  of  1854,  to  inquire  into  the  state  of  the  hospitals  at  Scutari.  The  assistant-barristership  conferred  on  Sir  Colman  O'Loghlen,  Bart.,  is  that  of  C  ar  l  ow  ,  an  d  no  t  o  f  W  ex  f  ord,  as  originally  supposed  ;  Mr.  Andrews,  Q.C.  having  been  transferred  to  the  latter  fom  Carlow,  on  the  elevation  of  Mr.  Sausse  to  the  Bombay  b  enc  h.  The  first  intimation  whith  Sir  Colman  received  of  the  favour  intended  for  him himself,  self, himself,  was  conveyed  in  a  courteous  note  from  the  Earl  of  Carlisle  himself,  ENCUMBERED  ESTATES  COURT.--The  sale  of  the  extensive  estates  of  the  Earl  of  Miltown,  situated  in  the  counties  of  Dublin,  Wicklow,  Kildare,  Meath,  Louth,  and  the  Ring's  County,  was  commenced  on  Tuesday,  and  eighty  lots  out  of  120  into  which  the  property  has  been  subdivided,  were  disposed  of.  The  greater  number  of  the  lots  sold  consisted  of  head  rents,  of  small  amount,  in  the  city  of  Dublin  ;  and  the  produce  of  the  day's  sales  was  about  £65,000.  ANOTHER  FIRE  AT  BELPAST,-011  Tuesday,  about  half halfpast  past halfpast  one  o'clock,  a  fire  broke  out  in  the  platters  occupied  by  Cap.ain  Taylor,  of  the  Cheshire  Militia,  in  the  hutments  erected  in  the  Barrack-square,  Belfast.  The  fire  which,  it  is  said,  originated  in  the  over-heating  of  a  stove-pipe,  quickly  spread  to  the  woad  work  of  the  hut,  and  in  a  very  brief  period  the  flames  had  reached  to  an  alarming  extent.  Captain  Taylor,  being  indisposed,  w  as  con  fi  ne  d  t  o  b  e  d  ,  an  d  he  was  obliged  to  be  brought  out  by  his  servant.  The  men  of  the  Cheshire  and  North  Dawn  Regiments  were  promptly  present,  and  the  barrack  engine  having  also  been  brought  out,  they  commenced  vigorously  to  exert  themselves  to  stop  the  progress  of  the  devouring  element.  However,  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  destruction  of  property  was  caused,  and  we  have  heard  that  bank  notes  to  a  large  amount,  which  Captain  Taylor  had  in  his  escritoire,  were  consumed—some  totally,  others  partially,—Belfast  _Daily  Mercgry.  THE  RITGELEY  POISONING  CASE--Theio  is  every  rea reason  son reason  to  suppose  that,  in  addition  to  the  cases  in  which  Palmer  appears  to  have  been  so  successful,  he  entertained  designs  of  a  similar  !character  with  regard  to  four  or  five  gentlemen  with  whom  he  had  money  transactions,  and  who  are  now  residing  in  London,  Manchester,  Newcastle,  Cambridge,  and  Nottingham.  His  modus  cperandt  seems  .  to  have  been  to  invite  his  intended  victims  to  pay  him  a  friendly  visit,  for  two  or  three  days,  at  a  time  when:  he  knew  they  would  have  a  considerable  sum  of  money  about  them;  and,  had  they  accepted  the  invitation,  there  can  be  very  little  doubt  what  the  end  would  have  been.  A  thorough  and  searching  investigation  is  proceeding,  and  though  the  evidence  in  each  of  the  above  cases  may  not  be  strong  enough  to  establigh  a STYLE=superscript  criminal  charge,  the  dis discoveries  coveries discoveries  which  are  being  brought  to  light,  will  be  of  no  small  value  as  a  collateral  corroboration  of,  those  points  which  can  be  more  clearly  and  circumstantially  proved.  THE  ALLEGED  .MURDER  AT  NE -.TYNE.  —  The  inquest  on  the  body  of  Hannah  Beardmore,  the  wife  of  Joseph  Henry  Beardsmore,  of  the  Railway  Arcade  Hotel,  Newcastle-on-Tyne,  terminated  on  Tuesday  evening.  Robert  Edwards,  a  sailor,  residing  at  Tester's  -court,  Boston,  LincOlnehire,  and  who  slept  at  the  hotel'  on  the  night  in  question,  was  examined,  but  failed  to  •  th  row  any  furt  h  er  light  on  the  transaction.  Tie  went  down  i  n  t  o  the  passage  after  hearing  the  crash  of  glass,  and  saw  th  e  d  eceased  ly  i  ng  in  the  passaee.  Beardsmore  was  standing  by,,and  deceased  said,  him  away—he  has  shoved  me  out  of  the  B  ear  d  smore  made  no  reply.  It  will  b  e  remem remembered  bered remembered  th  a  t  One  of  t  h  e  policemen  stated  that  w  h  en  Beards Beardsmore  more Beardsmore  was  cha  r  g  e  d  by  his  wife  Vith  having  thrown  her  out  of  the  wind  ow  he  stated  that  he  hadscaught STYLE=superscript  Barron  and  her  on  the  stairs  together.  Mr.  Barron  said  there  was  no  ground  for  that  statement.  The  coroner STYLE=superscript  told  the  jury  that  if  to  escape  her  husband's  violence  the  deteased  had  gone  to  the  window,  and  either  thrown  herself  out,  or  overbalanced  herself  and  fallen  out,  he  would  be  held  guilty  of  man manslaughter;  slaughter; manslaughter;  but  if  he  had  ,thrown  her  out,  that  of  course  would  be  murder.  The  jury  returned  a  unanimous  verdict  that  Beardsmore  was  guilty  of  manslaughter.  He  is  at  Present  Out  ott  bail  to  appear  before  the  magistrates.  ..!Z  3 STYLE=superscript  %;M:14§C.8,4e;;15.7,,  DOCX  COMMITTEE.—YEsitnnAT  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  dock  committee  was  held  at  one  o'clock  yesterday,  Charles  Turner,  Esq  ,  in  the  chair'  The  other  members  present  were,  Messrs.  Shand,  Palmer,  Robinson,  Gregson,  Chaloner,  Roun Rounth%vaite,  th%vaite, Rounth%vaite,  James  Holme,  Barber,  Holden,  Littledale,  Monde'',  Anderson,  Hubback,  William  Rathbone,  jun.,  Rankin,  Smith,  and  Robertson  Gladstone.  The  sub-committee  of  works  recommended  that  a  por:ion  of  ground  on  the  Harrington  estate,  eastward  of  the  shipbuilding  yard  of  Messrs.  Miller,  be  let  to  those  gentlemen,  at  9d  per  square  yard  per  annum,  subject  to  removal  at  three  months'  notice  at  any  time,  and  a  right  of  road  to  be  reserved.  Plans  were  produced  for  a  residence  for  the  superin superintendent  tendent superintendent  of  the  Stanley-dock  warehouse,  at  the  east  boundary  wall  of  Branaley-Moore.dock,  at  an  estimated  cost  of  £BOO.  The  annual  return  was  presented  of  the  casualties  in  - STYLE=superscript  which  the  lifeboats  had  rendered  service,  and  the  number  of  vessels  which  had  passed  through  the  channel,  in  and  out,  during  the  past  year.  It  appeared  that  the  number  of  vessels  which  had  passed  through  the  Rock  channel  in  1855,  was  13,351  in  and  out.  The  number  in  1854  was  14,513,  being  a  decrease  of  1,162.  The  number  which  passed  through  the  Victoria  Land  north  channels  inwar,ls  during  1855,  was  19,756,  and  outwards  20,600,  in  all,  40,356.  During  1854  the  numbers  were  37,143,  The  number  of  vessels  assisted  in  1853  were  ten,  lives  saved  twenty.  one,  against  twenty-six  vessels  assisted  iu  1854,  and  195  lives  saved.  Mr.  Barber  asked  if  every  fi-hing  vessel  or  steam-tug  which  passed  in  and  out  was  recorded.  Mr.  Littledale  said,  Lieut.  Lard  informed  him,  that  every  vessel  was  recorded,  exoept  the  river  boats  :  steam steamtugs  tugs steamtugs  were  recorded.  Mr.  Barber  said  it  was  a  very  vague  return.  It  was  recommended  that  Thomas  Abernethy,  who  had  been  master  of  the  Crosby  light  ship,  be  appointed  keeper  of  the  Formby  lighthouse.  It  was  agreed  that  Joseph  Steele,  at  present  one  of  the  keepers  of  the  weighinr  , STYLE=superscript  materials,  be  appointed  assist assistance  ance assistance  to  the  superintendent  of  the  timber  quays,  in  the  Hnskisson  Dock.  Advertisements  were  ordered  for  the  usual  supply  of  clothing,  for  the  dock  gatemen  and  others.  The  vacancies  in  the  works,  and  master-porters  sub subcotnalittees,  cotnalittees, subcotnalittees,  caused  by  the  resignation  of  Mr.  Steele,  were  filled  up  by  the  appointment  of  Mr.  W.  Rathbone,"
