text
"RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY  PROGRESS  OF  HOSTILITIES.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  VIENNA,  Dec.  22.—A  dispatch  from  the  Austrian  envoy  at  Constantinople  was  on  the  20th  instant  communicated  to  the  ambassadors  of  Great  Britain,  France,  and  Prussia.  The  news  it  contained  was,  on  the  whole,  satisfactory.  The  Porte  will  send  a  plenipotentiary  to  the  conferences,  provided  the  Russians  evacuate  Moldavia  and  Wallachia.  The  envoys  of  the  three  Powers  have  been  instructed  to  urge  the  Sultan  not  to  insist  on  this  condition,  and  to  assure  him  that  the  integrity  of  the  Turkish  E  m  pire  is  to  be  maintained,  and  that  the  Principalities  shall  be  restored  as  soon  as  the  dis dispute  pute dispute  with  Russia  shall  have  been  settled.  No  later  news  from  the  Danube  or  from  Asia.  The  New  Prussian  Gazette  states  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  has  signified  to  the  Cabinet  of  London,  through  his  ambassador,  Baron  Brunow,  that  he  will  regard  the  entrance  of  the  Anglo-French  squa squadron  dron squadron  into  the  Black  Sea  as  a  declaration  of  war.  Lord  Clarendon  has  replied,  that  England  does  not  desire  war,  but  considers  herself  bound  to  pro protect  tect protect  the  Turkish  ports.  FURTHER  PARTICULARS.  _  _  -  -  It  is  reported  that  the  English  and  French  governments  had  now  very  little  hope  of  a  pacific  solution  of  the  Eastern  question,  and  that  both.  France  and  England  were  about  to  make  prepara preparations  tions preparations  for  an  expedition  to  the  Baltic  early  in  the  spring.  Sir  Charles  Napier  was  to  command  the  English  fleet  in  that  sea.  Telegraphic  dispatches  from  Constantinople  of  the  16th  state  that  at  that  date  the  fleets  had  not  entered  the  Black  Sea;  it  is  now  all  but  certain  that  such  a  movement  would  not  take  place  before  the  arrival  of  instructions  from  Paris  and  London.  A.  correspondent  of  a  London  paper  says,  is  affirmed  in  Paris  that  the  Divan  accepts  the  re  sumption  of  negociations.  Violent  tempests  had  taken  place  in  the  Black  Sea.  Eighty  merchant.  vessels  had  been  lost.  The  price  of  corn  has  risen  from  25  to  53  piastres.  A  number  of  vessels  have  been  freighted.  War  has  been  officially  declared  by  Persia.  The  rupture  between  the  Schah  and  the  British  representative  has  been  notified  by  him  to  the  consuls.  The  whole  Russian  fleet  has  left  Sinope,  after  having  stayed  there  for  two  days  for  repairs.  According  to  private  letters  from  Marseilles,  the  Porte  has  accepted  the  new  propositions  of  the  Conference  on  certain  conditions.  The  Porte  will  send  a  Plenipotentiary  to  th  conferences,  provided  the  Russians  evacute  Mo  davia  and  Wallachia.  The  ambassadors  of  th  three  Powers  have  been  instructed  to  urge  the  Sultan  not  to  insist  on  this  condition,  and  to  as-  sure  him  that  the  integrity  of  the  Turkish  empire  is  to  be  maintained,  and  that  the  Principalities  shall  be  restored  as  soon  as  the  dispute  with  Russia  shall  have  been  settled.  It  was  considered  very  unlikely  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  after  his  late  successes,  would  consent  to  any  negotiation  based  on  the  evacuation  of  the  principalities.  AUSTRALIA.  (From  the  Adelaide  Observer,  Oot.  1.)  PARLIAMENT  BILL.  The  bill  for  establishing  a  parliament  in  South  Australia,  passed  its  third  reading  on  Thursday  in  the  Legislative  Council.  On  the  question  for  the  third  reading  being  put,  Mr.  Dutton  moved  that  the  bill  be  read  that  day  two  months.  A  long  dis discussion  cussion discussion  ensued,  which  ended  in  a  division,  when  the  third  reading  was  carried  by  a  majority  of  four.  This  majority  would  probably  have  been  increased  to  eight  had  the  whole  of  the  members  been  pre present.  sent. present.  Yesterday,  Mr.  Dutton  moved  That  an  ad address  dress address  be  presented  to  his  excellency  the  lieutenant  governor,  praying  that  as  soon  as  the  current  busi business  ness business  of  the  present  session  shall  be  concluded,  he  will  dissolve  the  council,  in  order  that  the  opinion  of  the  colonists  may  be  taken  on  the  proposed  par parliament  liament parliament  This  motion  was  lost  by  a  majority  of  seven."
