text
"BY  ROYAL  LETTERS  PATENT  •  THE  PATENTEE  Bogs  to  give  Notice  1  Manufacturers  in  general,  that  he  has  now  con  1 STYLE=superscript  ,,,  his  arrangements  for  Licensing  his  PATENT  BEAM,  .t  e  the  Weaving  by  Power,  of  Linen  and  oth  er  y  arns  o  f  a  silnil silniltexture.  texture. silniltexture.  This  Beam  is  calculated  to  remove  the  hitherto  ink  mountable  difficulty  of  taking  away  the.  Cloth  from  Reed  with  the  regularity  required,  and  to  enable  tb'  yarns  to  be  Woven  with  the  Positive  Taking-up  3fotiell4  which  effectually  coils  up  the  ch  . STYLE=superscript  :4h  es  each  shot  of  11  j  'is  thrown  in  •  is  positive  and  p  er  f  ec  tl  y  un  if  orm  ;  ca  n  readily  varied  to  suit  any  number  of  shots  or  picks  ;  these  are  obtained  with  the  greatest  possible  regulol'  in  count,  without  being  .  subject  to  the  slightest  varisdoll,  through  the  negligence  or  inattention  of  the  weaver.  .„  Terms  :  —Ten  shillings  per  Loom.  Nett  cash,  Wl'  set  to  work.  Parties  contractin  g  for  the  Patent-right  of  Looms,  paying  in  advance,  previous  to  their  being  set  to  work,  be  allowed  a  discount  of  21  p  er  C  en  t.  f  or  5  0  l  ooms,  increaswe  2,-;  per  cent,  for  each  extra  60,  up  to  1,000.  Manufacturers  will  be  held  responsible  for  the  payment  of  the  Patent-right,  and  arc  cautioned  not  to  use  the  improve'  ment,  without  an  immediate  settlement  with  the  Patentee;  and  all  persons  are  cautioned  against  in  any  way  infring'  on  this  patent,..which  i  s  t  a  k  en  f  or  t  h  e  protect  i  on  of  `f  .611  or  carved  'beam  (for  adapting  the  Positive  Taking-up  Motio  n STYLE=superscript  to  the  weaving,  by  power,  of  linen,  and  other  yarns  of  similar  texture,)  made,  either  solid.  Or  hollow,  of  any  motif  metallic  or  other  substance,  and  the  principle  of  the  brie'  tion,  and  method  of  apply-lag  it  otherwise  the  Patent  will  be  compelled  to  resort  to  measures  which  will  en  able  e  him  to  maintain  his  rights,  and  which  he  w  ou  ld  regr  being  obliged  to  adopt.  He  will  consider  further  caut  l STYLE=superscript  °  l/ STYLE=superscript  unnecessary.  For  farther  'information  and  Licenses,  apply  to  the  Di Di•tentee,  •tentee, Di•tentee,  EDWARD  THOMAS,  at  Bedford-street  Facto*  Belfast.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.—YESTERILLT.  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  Some  little  business  has  taken  place  to-day,  eomprisit4  1,500  bags  Arracan  Rica,  at  13s  9d;  and  100  tons  SAG'  FLOUR,  to  arrive,  at  21s  cwt.  :  •  COTTON.—There  was  no  change  either  in  tone  or  price  tA  3 STYLE=superscript  report..  Sales  7,000  bales  ;  2,000  being  for  export  and  oi  l STYLE=superscript  speculation.  .  ,  MANCHESTER  CORN  EXCHANGE.--YrsTnnwor•  We  Messrs.  Joh  n  ,  Fl  e  t  c  h  er  a  nd  Co.  '  s  circular.)  have  had  a  sharp  frost,  thn.last  day  or  two  and  copious  fall  of  snow,  with  which  the  ground  is  now  covered  several  inches  deep.  Since  our  last,  the.  Run  - STYLE=superscript  nu  trade  has  exhibited  no  new  feature.  The  business  done  has  Win  been  on  a  rather  limited  scale  without  change  in  prices.  On  the  wholelhere  seems  to  be  a  better  feeling  in  the  trade  and  holders  insist  on  full  prices.  The  imports  for  the  wok  ending  yesteiday  are  as  follow  :—At  LiverpOol,  7,  621 STYLE=superscript  firkins,  344  crocks,  and  571  b  oxes  an  d  b  rls  ;  at  Fleetwoo  d,  316  firkins,  766  crocks,  94  butts,  and  374  boxes  and  brig;  at  Holyhead,  4  boxes.  Since  this  day  week  the  Corn  trade  has  been  inactive  but  very  firm  for  all  articles.  A  slow  retail  demand  -was  c%;  penenced  for  FLOUR,  which  in  all  cases  commanded  full  prices.  Our  COrn  market  to-day  opened  with  much  firmness,  and  in  the  leading  articles  a  very  fair  amount  of  busincei  was  transacted.  We  note  an  advance  of  3d  e  bushel.  f:o  WitEAT;  is  sack  and  brl  on  FLoiin;  Is  .  ,  load  on  OAT OATMEAL  MEAL OATMEAL  ;  2d  IP  bushel  on  OATS,  and  is  If  qr  on  INDIAN  Cola/.  Foreign  BEANS  w(ra  fully  as  dear,  but  no  change  occurred  in  the  value  of  BIRMINGHAM  CORN  MARKET.---YESTERDAY.  At  this  day's  market  there  was  a  short  supply  of  Wur..4.l')  and  most  descriptions  realised  •an  advance'  of  2s  to  3s  qr.  Malting  BARLEY  28  qr  dearer.  Grinding  unaltered.  OATS  held  for  is  qr  more  money.  BEANS  no  higher.  PEA  2  advanced  is  to  2s  IP  qr.  The  number  of  tigers  killed  in  Java  dining  ti  course  of  852,  amounted  to  717;  Lord  John  Russell  left  his  residence  in  Richmond-park  on  Wednesday,  for  Windsor  Castle.  33irtbg,  inarriagtsi,  anti  Otatt.  BIRTHS.  On  the  I7th  instant;`aefullygoney,  near  Killymarron  Glebe,  countY  Monaghan,  the  wife  of  Terence  Higgins,  of  three  fine  daughters.  On  the  22d  instant  at  Hatton-hill,  near  this  town,  the  lady  of  tl  o  bt.  Blackie,  Esq.,  of  a  sou.  On  the  29d  instant,:  lifrs.`a.  Taylor,  Bridge-street,  Birkenhead,  of  son.  •  .  On  the  25th  Instant,  the  wife  of  John  Bald,  Esq.,  of  a  daughter.  _  -  MARRIAGES.  On  the  26th  August,  at  the  residence,of  James  W.  Dlsher,  Esq.  Rundle  street,  Adelaide,  S.  B.  S.  Walsh,  Esq.,  sheep-farnW.  River  Murray,  to  , STYLE=superscript  only  daughter.  of  Mr.  Win.  Barnet,  late  of  Kinross,  Scotland.  On  the  24th  instant,  at  St.  Philip's,  Sir.  E.  Clamp,  trunkmaker,  to  Margaret.  daughter  of  Mr.  J.  Edwards,  bookbinder,  stanley-street.  On  the  25th  instant,  at  St.  John's,  Mr.  W.  J.  Stamp  to  Miss  M.  Bright.  On  the  25th  instant,  at  St.  Michael's,  Mr.  W.  Ryan  to  Elizabeth  , STYLE=superscript  daughter  of  the  late  Mr.  T.  Gibson,  pawnbroker,  of  this  town,  former],  of  Workington.  On  the  '.:sth  instant,  at  Luke's,  Mr.  J.  Fleming,  farrier,  to  Miss  A.  Todd.  On  the  28th  instant,  at  St.  Michael's,  Torteth-park,  the  Rev.  E.  NV  Lomax,  SI.A.,  of  Ely,  to  Caroline,  eldest  daughter  of  Mr.  E.  Cos  Toxteth-park.  DEATHS.  On  the  24th  instant.  the  Roy.  R.  D.  Backhouse,  rural  dean  , STYLE=superscript  and  vicar  of  Eastrywith  Worth,  Kent.  Ofi  the  25th  instant,  the  Rev.  W.  A.  Mill,  D.D.,  Regius  Prsfessa  of  Hebrew  in  the  Univer  s  ity  o  f  C  am  b  r  id  ge,  canon  of  Ely,  and  rector  o  f  Brasted,  Kent  On  the  25th  instant,  hfr.  G.  rfolden,  ember-merchant,  Bedford'  street,  aged  N,  On  the  25th  instant,  in  St.  Ann-street,  Sarah,  relict  of  the  late  Mr•  James  Harvey.  azed  59.  On  the  26th  instant,  Mr.  N.  Lawson,  rather  of  Mr.  J.  Lawson  , STYLE=superscript  Castle-street  aged  82.  •  •  On  the  26th  instant,  at  his  mother's  residence,  Botuidary..streot  , STYLE=superscript  Kir.  dale,  Peter,  eldest  son  of  the  late  Mr.  James  Swift,  of  this  town  , STYLE=superscript  aged  36.  On  the  27th  instant,  at  Mount-pleasant,  Linacre,  Wm,  Efenrf  , STYLE=superscript  eldest  son  of  Mr.  H.  Theasstone.  aged  years  and  2  months.  On  the  27th  instant,  Mr.  L.  Whiteside.  Soho-street  aged  30.  On  the  27th  instant,  Mrs  C.  K.  Vorr..ll  Crown-itreet,  aged  21.  On  the  2hth.  instant,  at  Woolton-hill.  Catherine,  eldest  surviving  •  daughter  of  John  Crosthwaite,  Eaq.,  aged  17,  ,THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  .~•  Is  Published,  every  Morning'  in  LIVSRPOOL  and  M,►xcraaslS  simultaneously,  and  the  following  are,  the  rates  and  IS  OF  SUBSCRIPTION.  .IVE.RP_OOL.  A  Year  ..  Half  year  .  Quarter"
