text
"A  SLEEPY  BUTCHER'S  BOY.—MANNING  V  TOMLINSON...  -. STYLE=superscript  The  plaintiff  in  this  action  sought  to  recover  of  the  defendant'  by  whom  he  was  formerly.  employed,  the  sum  of  168  for  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  6 STYLE=superscript  ,  week's  wage,  and  for  board  and  lodging.  Evidence  was  au  duced  to  prove  that  the  plaintiff  had  on  several  occasiO!  neglected  to  get  up  in  the  morning  at  the  proper  hour  ;  after  Which  his  Honor  said  he  considered  there  was  no  evidenee  t° STYLE=superscript  prove  there  was  a  weekly  hiring,  and  even  if  there  had  W  l STYLE=superscript  '  under  the  circumstances—for  all  persons  knew  that  butcher;  had  to  rise  early—ho  questiOned  whether  the  plaintiff  weld.  be  entitled  to  a  notice.  He  considered  he  had  been  very  i  ll STYLE=superscript  advised  in  bringing  the  action.  Verdict  for  defendent.  A  LOVE  AFFAIR.  itARBATTI  v  IVArsoN.—ln  this  actl'i  each  of  the  parties  were  employed  in  a  tailoring  establishme  a STYLE=superscript  The  plaintiff  sought  to  recover  £1  is  61d  for  work  done,i  From  the  evidence  it  appeared  that  the  plaintiff's  son  ° STYLE=superscript  :  formerly  to  to  tho  defendant's  daughter,  but  the  i  ll STYLE=superscript  '  timacy  having  terminated,  the  action  was  brought  out  of  SPi  e STYLE=superscript  '  Verdict  for  the  defendant.  No  eosts  were  allowed.  s  i  A  PAWNBROKER  AT  FAULT.  JACOB  WILSoN  v  WR,LO'  CULLIE.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  the  plaintiff,  to  r  e STYLE=superscript  ;  cover  the  sum  of  ids,  the  value  of  a  shawl.  It  appeared  th  a STYLE=superscript  the  plaintiff  had  pledged  with  the  defendant,  a  shawl,  f  6 STYLE=superscript  r  3 STYLE=superscript  !'  t  The  day  before  the  twelve  Months  had  expired;  she  backed  it  for-  three.months,  having  paid  3d  for  so  doing.  On  th  e  the  three  months  terminated,  she  went  for  the  purpose  of  rut  deeming  the  shawl,  when  she  was  informed  by  the  defet:L,  r'  3  that  it  had  been  sold  on  th  e  p  re  c  e  din  g  ni  g  ht.—Hi  s  Honor  .3,  by  the  Act  of  Parliament,  the  pawnbroker  had  no  right  to  touch  The  shawl  until  the  twelve  months  had  expired,  a  nd  35 STYLE=superscript  it  had  been  backed  for  three  mo  n  th  s  ,  h  e  h  ad  a  r  i  g  h  t  to  have  waited  'until  that  term  had  also  expired,  but  ho  had  not  dove  so—for  he  had  admitted.  that  he  had  taken  it  into  his  shop  the  day  before.  A  verdict  was  given  for  the  plaintiff  for  11  the  value  of  the  shawl,  deducting  the  3s  advanced  upon  it,  v  i STYLE=superscript  the  interest..  A  BAD  BARGAIN.--CALDWELL  V.  FLOWER..—This  action  brought  to  recover  the  sum  of  £1  ss.  Od.,  the  vala  6 STYLE=superscript  soms  hay  sold  by  the  plaintiff  to  the  defendant.  The  sold  to  the  defendant  at  Gid.  per  stone.  Oue  of  the  witne  6 STYLE=superscript  '  said,  the  hay  was  such  .muck,  that,  after  it  Was  put  into  „  pinfold,  where  there  was  four  herses,---and  a  pinfold  Nva  9 STYLE=superscript  ,  t  hungry  plaCe  for  torses,—not  one  of  'them  would  tOucli  The  plaintiff  having  taken  a  small  quantity  of  the  hay,  aver  diet,  with  nominal  damage,  was  given  for  the  plaintiff.  IRELAND.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  WEDNESDAY  EvENENG'  THE  FATAL  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.  LATEST  PARTICULARS.  Lieutenant  Tyler,  R.E.,  the  inspector  Appointed  by  g  t) STYLE=superscript  ,i  vernment  to  inquire  into  all  the  circumstances  connected  with  the  lamentable  accident  upon  the  Great  Southern  an  ti  Western  Railway,  left  town  yesterday  morning  by  the  to  o'clock  train,  and  proceeded  to  the  scene  of  the  disastr°'&#34;.  occurrence,  for  the  purpose  of  making  himself  acquainted  far  as  he  could  by  personal  supervision  with  the  a  etil  , STYLE=superscript  ;  locality  in  which  the  collision  took  place.  It  is  supposed  11 STYLE=superscript  will  attend  the  adjourned  inquest,  at  Naas,  this  day.  Sol  of  the  particulars  in  the  morning  papers  relative  to  th  e  0,,  5  ferers  at  Stevens's  Hospital  were  e  rr  one  ous  .  Mi  ss  P  ac  k  v  t  not  been  pronounced  out  of  danger,  and  Miss  Farrell  hag  ?  1° STYLE=superscript  been  removed  to  her  own  residence.  Both  ladies  are  still  ill  a  precarious  state.  The  remaining  patients—namely  M  i STYLE=superscript  l  Esther  Coffey,  and  the  female  servant  of  Dr.  Stokes,  1  13 STYLE=superscript  c,  been  pronounced  out  of  danger,  and  are  recovering  as  rap'  as  can  be  expected.  Mrs.  Blacker  still  remains  at  Straffall:  the  nature  of  her  injuries  not  permitting  her  to  be  remove  ( STYLE=superscript  '  but  the  medical  gentlemen  in  attendance  give  most  satisfac'  tory  accounts  of  the  condition  of  that  lady's  health.  ,  I  understand  that  Mrs.  Leathly;  the  mother  of  3  1 STYLE=superscript  '.'&#34;  Leathly,  who  was  killed,  did  not  hear  of  her  daughter's  deatlh  or  of  the  accident  at  all,  until  the  corpse  of  her  child  ill  carried  home  to  her,  when  she  experienced  such  a  shock  th  o STYLE=superscript  her  life  has  been  despaired  of.  Indeed,  not  only  the  occur;  rence  itself,  but  every  single  feature  of  this  terrible  accidel'  appears  to  be  impressed  with  horrible  details.  DUBLIN  EXPORTS  AND  IMPORTS.  —By  returns  publisill  it  appears  that  during  the  month  ended  on  Monday  1  3 STYLE=superscript  0  ttere  were  shipped  from  this  Port  for  Great  Britain,  119  no  black  cattle,  9,515  sheep,  1,234  swine,  14  qrs  of  wheat,  17°2  qrs.  of  oats,  1,657  qrs.  barley,  443  qrs.  malt;  1,243  cwt;  wheat  flour,  and  4,965  cwt.  of  oatmeal.  There  were  1111 STYLE=superscript  ;  ported  from  Great  Britain  here  durin  g  the  same  peri  o STYLE=superscript  r  t STYLE=superscript  ,  3  4,079  qrs  wheat,  11  qrs  peas,  162  qrs.  Indian  cop.,  37  4  malt,  and  12,651  cwt.  of  flour.  te  a  TROOPS  ORDERED  TO  THE  MEDITERBANESN.—It  is  0;  4  - STYLE=superscript  that  orders  reached  Dublin  on  Monday,  from  the  1  1 STYLE=superscript  °'  - STYLE=superscript  5  4  Guards,  for  six  regiments  to  hold  themselves  in  readiu  c STYLE=superscript  a  to  embark  for  the  Mediterranean.  The  regments  deslin  t  e STYLE=superscript  D  ,  for  this  service  are  said  to  be  the  following  :—The  9th,  14  17th,  39th,  62nd,  and  89th.  Cork  is  to  be  the  port  of  barkation.  The  exact  day  of  departure  i  s  no  t  y  e  t  fixed  k  iA  ',  o  rumour  runs,  the  .  troops  will  be  in  readiness  for  any  so'  emergency.  THE  I  RENCH  AND  ENGLISH  CHANNEL  S  QUAD  ROz4'  It  was  reported  at  Cork  yesterday,  that  the  French  fleet  1  1 STYLE=superscript  :  1  3  been  sighted  off  the  coast.  It  was  surmised  that  it  0  0  ,  combine  with  the  English  channel  squadron.  The  OJ  I STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  o  f  tution  also  says  :  —The  screw  squadron,  u  n  d  er  com  mand  v  Commodore  Martin,  were  lying  off  the  harbour,  sou  th  of  .oo  Old  Head  of  Kinsale,  on  Sunday,  awaiting  di  rec  ti  o  ns  Wad  the  channel  fleet  at  Spithead  ;  but  despatches'  forw  o STYLE=superscript  ,  a  ici  from  the  Lords  of  the  Admirality  by  the  Highflyer,  it  it;  countermanded  those  orders.  Her  Majesty's  screw  0  1l  frigate  Highflyer  ,.  21  guns,  Captrin  Moore,  which  arrivedi(  Friday  in  Queenstown,  took  up  th  e  ma  il  f  or  the  `c  squadron,  and  left  on  Saturday  .  It  c  on  s  i  s  t  e  d  o  f  6,000  let  tori STYLE=superscript  0  .  for  the  officers  ;and  men  of  the  fleet.  H.  M.  screw'  s° STYLE=superscript  ,,  ti  t)  l STYLE=superscript  ship  Ajax,  68  guns,  Captain  Warden  will  leave  PlYn  i STYLE=superscript  vbil  ) STYLE=superscript  on  the  18th,  for  Queenstown,  and  relieve  H.  M.  steallig•  Terrible,  21  guns,  Captain  M'Cleverty.  Rear  Admiral,v  roll's  flag  will  will  be  transferred  to  the  Ajax  on  of  DUBLIN  REGISTRY  REVISION  COURT---The  nanie  s STYLE=superscript  e  the  Roman  Catholic  Priests,  who  some  short  tine  refused.  to  be  sworn  on  the  authorised  translation  °  f STYLE=superscript  o  l  d  Bible,  have  been  finally  struck  off  the  voters'  roll.  th  eir  would  not,  it  will  be  remembered  take  an  oath  of  '  t  ot  qualification  as  required,  and  it  was  yesterday  notified  there  would  be  no  appeal.  is STYLE=superscript  THE  POTATO  CROP.—AS  I  have  frequently  'Alitea,-AO  now  appears  beyond  a  doubt,  that  the  reports  Of  the  rfot  failure  have  been  most  outrageously  exaggerated.  0  0  provincial  papers  which  come  to  hand  day  by  day,  F  l  i  te=  that  they  were  misled  ;  and  that  there  is  not  the  S  li STYLE=superscript  g  fear  of  a  scarcity.'  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER9  O  OO  ); STYLE=superscript  Oxford-street,  at  General  Printing  and  Liverpool.S4  041 STYLE=superscript  Eetablfsbnieftt,  - STYLE=superscript  I'9,  Solari  TIITJESDAT,  OCTOBER  13,  1863.  P4_TB00747 kin  P4_TB00748 $,"
