text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  pared  to  endorse  the  extraordinary  and  rash  state statement  ment statement  of  Mit.  JAMES  HOLME,  that,  carried  out,  high-level  bridge  would  be  one  of  the  greatest,  improvements  which  ever  took  place  inthe  town  'The&#34;  g  reat  es  t  i  mpro  vement  in indeed  deed indeed  !  We  sincerely  believe,  on  the  other  hand,.  that  its  erection  would,  on  sanitary  grounds,  be  one  of  the  greatest  evils  ever  inflicted  upon  us.  MR.  JAMES  HOLME  is  a  practical  man=a  gentlennin'  whose  expeiience  in  building  and  architecture  is,  perhaps,  not  surpassed  by,a,ny  other  in  Liverpoor;  and  it  may  therefore  be  fairly  presumed  ,that  lie  has  taste,  and  is  enabled  to  appreciate  order.  If  this  .be  so,  how  can  he  reconcile  his  support  of  a  high-level  bridge  in  the  centre  of  a  large  town,  With  . STYLE=superscript  the  possession  of  these  qualities  ?  MR.  HOLME  cannot  be  ignorant  .of  the  fact,  that  the  project,  even  by  its  originators  and  warmest  sup supporters,  porters, supporters,  is  only  regarded  'as  an  expedient,  and  would  not  have  been  proposed  at  all  had  it  been  considered  that  the  alteration  in  the  level  could  be  effected  by  other  means.  It  has  been  'erroneously  assumed,  that  there  was  no  other  mode  of  affording  relief,  because,  as  MR.  STEWART  observed,  during  the  debate  on  Wednesday,  Shaw's  Brow  can  be  reduced  to  the  same  level  as  Ranelagh-street,  which  is  one  in  twenty-two.  What  more  then,  we  would  ask,  is  required?  If  we  can  bring  Shaw's  Brow  and  Dale-street  to  the  same  gradient  as  Ranelagh Ranelaghstreet,  street, Ranelaghstreet,  it  is  obvious  that  all  the  requirements  of  the  public  will  be  met,  and  no  necessity  can  exist  for  incurring  the  expense  of  erecting  a  bridge,  which,  as  was  well  observed  by'  MR.  ROBERTSTON  O,ADSTONE;  would  be,  in  effect,  to  abandon-the  pro prop4rty  p4rty prop4rty  beneath  it,  and  would  inflict  on  •  the  poorer  clitsses  . STYLE=superscript  .a  gleat  moral  wrong.  •  In  whatever  4gll.t•we  regard  the  proposal,  we  can  see  nothing  to•tom to•tom.  . to•tom.  .ec  mend  its  adoption;  whilst  on  the-  other  hand  the  ob objections  jections objections  to  it  are  of  the  most  formidable  character.  For  the  present,  as  we  have  already  obsei-ved,  the  obnoxious  project  is  doomed;  but  should  more  zealous  than  discreet  advocates,  at  any  future  time,  renew  its  agitation,  we  trust  that  the  Council  will  give  effect  to  those  sentiments,  on  the  part  of  the  community,  which  such  an  agitation  will  be  certain  to  provoke.  A  few  days  ago  we  expressed  our  opinion  that  the  most  eligible  project  for  opening  out  a  direct  communication  between  St.  George's  Hall  and  the  Exchange,  was,  by  constructing  a  new  street  from  the  corner  of  Whitechapel,  at  the  bottom  of  Lord Lord.  . Lord.  street..  The  Council,  .however,.  have  decided  .  otherwise,  and  we  are  free  to  admit  that  the  pro pro.  . pro.  posed  new  street  from  Dale-street,  opposite  Moor Moorfields,  fields, Moorfields,  to  St.  George's  Hall,  has  many  advantages  to  recommend  it.  We  are  therefore  disposed  to  accept  the  proposal,  and  to  regard  it  as  the  first  and  foremost  of  those  improvements  in  our  thoroughfares,  which  the  public  convenience,  and  the  health  of  .  the  community,  alike  demand.  Upon  a  subject  of  such  vast,  nay  vital  importance,  to  the  inhabitants,  it  is  essential  that  there  should  be  uniformity  of  sentiment  as  to  the  desirability.  of  carrying  these  improvements  forward  ;  .and  it  is  scarcely  possible  to  conceive,  in  the  face  of  the  necessity  for  them  having  been  clearly  demon demonstrated,  strated, demonstrated,  that  there  should  exist,  in  the  mind  of.  any  pel'ion,  an  adverse  feeling.'  Yet,  strange  to  say,  the  proceeding's  at  the  last  Council  disclosed  an  - STYLE=superscript  Opinion  opposed  to  the  principle  of  these  much muchrequired  required muchrequired  improvements.  Mr.  Councillor  BIGHAM  is  a  gentleman  of  much  ability,  of  great  energy  and  determination  of  mind,  and  the  community  is  deeply  indebted  to  him  for  the  part  he  has  taken  in  our  public  concerns,  since  he  had  the  honour  of  having  a  'seat  in  the  municipal  Chamber.  But  with.  exceedingly  questionable  taste;  and  worse  judg judge  e judge  meni,  he;  on'  Wedneday,  endeavoured  to  insinuate  that  the  -  proposed  improvements  in  our  great  thoroughfares  was  a  class  movement;  and  that  not  one  single  iota  of  advantage  would  be  derived  by  the  poor,  by  the  inhabitants  of  the  town,  or  by  the  health  of  the  town  through  the  .  ,improvement  proposed.  This  certainly  is  a  bold  assertion,  but  if  a  bold.  one,  it  is  at  the  same  time  an  asser assertion  tion assertion  no  less  untenable.  Mr.  MGT-IAM  objects  to  the  Council  turning  their  thoughts  to  the  pleasure  of  the  people  who  lived  outside  the  town,  and  who  wished  to  have  beautiful  approaches  to  and  instead  of  making  public  thoroughfares,  would  much  rather  the  Committee  should  have  directed  their  attention  to  the  useful  in  pre preference  ference preference  to  the  The  worthy  CouncillOr  was  of  opinion  that  before  they  went  about  im improving  proving improving  the  approaches  to  ,  the  town,  there  were  objects  of  utility  which  were  far  more  important.  There  were  such  places  to  be  improved  as  .  Vaux Vauxhall-road,  hall-road, Vauxhall-road,  Addison-street,  and  all  that  densely  populated  district,  where  very  few  of  those  present  ever  went,  and  which  was  as  great  a  sink  of  dirt,  filth,  and  nuisance,  as  could  possibly  be  All  this  may  be  exceedingly  true,  Mr.  BIGHAM,  and  perhaps  very  graphically  described,  but  what  maudlin  sentimentality  is  involved  in  the  whole  of  it  !  In  his  endeavour  to  be  practical,  Mr.  BIG-  .  •  HAM  too  often  becomes  inconsistent  with  himself  and  in  no  instance  more  glaringly  so  than  the  present.  ,  Nothing  can  be  further  removed  from  the  fact,  than  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  BIGIiAWS  denial  of  the  proposed  thoroughfares  being  useful,  or  that  they  would  tend  to  the  advantage  of  the  poor,  the  inhabitants,  and  the  health  of  the  town.  Has  it  ever  occurred  to  Mr.  BIGfIAM  that  within  the  district  which  the  proposed  new  thoroughfare  will  traverse,  there  is  a  greater  sink  of  dirt,  filth,  and  than  in  any  other  given  area  of  the  same  dimensions  in  Liverpool`?  Can  he  be  ignorant  'of  the  fact  that  in  this  very  district,  dens  and  hovels,  unfit  for  human  habitation,  abound  ;  and  that  filth,  misery,  disease  ~  •  and  death,  are-ever  present  amongst  them?  Can  he  ail  to  imenTher.fhat  durin  the  year  1849  when  the'Cholera  was  decimating  our  population,  these  districts  _suffered  qUite  as  much  at  the  hands  of  the  destroyer  ;  as  those  for  Which  he  expreSses  such  an  anxious  solicitude?  Surely  such  undeni-  SOUTH  LANCASHIRE  REVISION.  The  revision  of  the  lists  of  voters  for  the  Liverpool  polling  district  commenced  yesterday,'  at  the  sessions  house,  before  W.  Forsyth,  Esq.—Mr.  Bickering  being  unwell,  the  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  list  was,  adjourned  until  this  day;  ,  •  GREAT  CROSBY.—The  overseers  had  objected  to  Mr.  Howarth,  Royal  Hotel,  Waterloo,  Great  Crosby,  because  he  hatl...sent  in  a  new.  claim.,;  it  was  stated  by  the  overseers  that  the  name  and  qualification  were  correct  in  the  original  lists,  Nand  the  new  claim,  was  wrongly  drawn  out.  Mr.  Bremner  contended  that  .the  fast  _Of  Mr.  Howarth  having  sent  in  a  new  claim,  did  not  justify  the  overseersin  objecting  to  him  on  the  original  list.  _  Mr.  Forsyth,  said  the  overseers  had  acted  perfectly'  right.  His  colleamue,  'Mr.  Pickering  Teonetrred  with  him,  and  the  name  must  be  strack'but.  HALmwoon.—The  overager,  Mr.  Laverock  was  o  bje  c  t  e  d  to  by  the  liberals,  on  the  ground  that  the  locality  of  his  qualification  was  omitted.  The  description  was  amended.—  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Laverock  (in  a  rather  , STYLE=superscript  peremptory'tone),  I  demand  my  wan  for  to-day.  In  answer  to  a  'question  from  the  Bar Barrister,  rister, Barrister,  Mr.  Laverock  said  he  was  overseer,  constable  and  guardian,  and  he  had  a  right  to  his  costs.  Mr.  Forsyth  Said  there  were  •  two  reasons  vThy  he  was  not  entitled—first,  he  was  overseer,  and  •was  botaid•  to  attend  'the  Court  as  a  matter  of  duty,  and  in  the  next  place  his-description  was  a  bad  one,  and  - STYLE=superscript  if  he  had  not  attended,  his  name  would  have  been  struck  out—he  was  not  therefore  entitled  to  anything.  Mr.  Stephen  Fletcher,  whose  residence  was  described  as  corner  of  Crown-street  and  Upper  was  objected  to  .by  the  Liberals,  on  the  ground  that  this  was  an  insufficient  description.  The  Barrister  held  the  description  to  be  sufficient,  and  made  an  order  for  ten  shillings  costs  against  the  objector.  PEWS  1N  PRESCOT  PARISH  CHURCH.—Mr.  Bremner  drew  the  attention  of  the  Court  to  three  names  on  the  list,  namely,  Wm.  Brown  the  younger,  Wm.  Hodson  Dodd,  and  Ch  ar  l  es  Johnson,  whose  qualification  on  the  list  w  as  s  t  a  t  e  d  t  o  b  e  freehold  pews  in  Prescot  parish  They  had  not  been  objected  to,  but  by  the  40th  section  of  the  Act  of  Par Parliament,  liament, Parliament,  the  barrister  was  required  to  expunge  the  names  of  all  persons  whose  qualifications,  as  described  in  the  list,  shall  be  insufficient  in  law  to  entitle  any  such  person  to  It  was  manifest  that  no  person  by  law  could  have  e  freehold  in  a  parish  church  but  the  rector.  The  Barrister  said  there  was  no  proof  that  .  the  church  at  Prescot  was  a  paiish  church.  Mr.  Bremner  contended  that  the  qualifica qualification  tion qualification  .was  manifestly  a  bad  one,  and  he  quoted  the  'cases  of  parties  who  had  claimed  for  pews  in  the  parish  church  of  St.  Peter,  Liverpool,  last  year.  Mr.  Forsyth  said  pews  in  a  parish  church  might  be  appurtenances  to  freehold  houses,  and  as  he  could  not  assume  anything  against  the  parties  he  should  allow  the  names  to  stand.  `PRESCOT.-Mr.  William  Daniels,  described  as  being  of  Eccleston,  in  this  was  objected  to  by  the  Liberals.  Mr.  Daniels,  j  un  .,  w  h  o  appeared.  in  support  of  the  vote,  said  his  father  did  not  live  in  the  township  of  Eccles Eccleston,  ton, Eccleston,  but  in  Eccleston-street,  in  the  township  of  Prescot.  He  hid  been  on  the  list  twenty  or  thirty  years,  but  it  appeared  that  by  an  error  which  had  been  committed  at  Preston,  the  word  had  been  omitted.  The  barrister  amended  the  description  and  Mr.  Daniels,  jun.  applied  for  costs.  Mr.  Fprsyth  said  the  description  was  too  wide,  and  he  should  not  allow  costs.  TOXTETH  PARS.  —Mr.  Joseph  Cooper,  of  Manchester,  who  was  on  the  register  for  a  freehold  house  in  Toxteth  Park,  was  objected  to  by  the  Liberals.  •  He  said  that  he  did  not  live  in  Halliwell-lane,  Cheetham,  but  in  York-street,  Manchester.  The  place,  was  called  York-road,  and  was  known  as  well  by  that  name  as  Tork-street.  Mr.  Voorehouse  said,  on  oath,  that  Mr.  Cooper  lived  at  York Yorkplpce,  plpce, Yorkplpce,  York  -street,  •  Cheetham.  Costs  refused.  •  iLOCAL  MARINE  BoAnD.—The  revision  of  the  list  of'  persons  entitled  to  vote  for  members  of  the  Local  Marine  Board,  took  place  yesterday,  before  Mr.  J.  H.  Turner,  and  Nr.  John  Stewart.  An  election  of  six  members  takes  place  on  the  24th  inst.  'DR.  CAHILL'S  LECTURE.—The  first  of  a  series  of  leCtures  upon  Natnial'  Philosophy  to  be  given  ,by  Dr.  Cahill,in  aid  of  the  funds  for  the  building.  of  Roman  Catholic  Free  Schools  in  Liverpool,  was  delivered  at  the  Concert-hall,  Lord  Nelson  Street,  at  half-past  seven  o'clock  last  night.  The  audience  was  very:  numerous.  The  subject  of  the  lec lecture  ture lecture  related  to  the  qualities  oflight  and  heat,-  and  the  im impiirtant  piirtant impiirtant  functions  performed  by-  the  altitude  of  mountains;  thbugh  the  elastic  nature  of.light,  in  receiving  the  rays  of  the  sun,  and  reflecting  them  upon  the  valleys,'  thus  temper tempering  ing tempering  their  force  and  cooling  the  atmosphere.;  The  lecture  was  of  an  elementary  character,  and  delivered  in  a  simple  and  intelligible  style.  On  his  appearance  on  the  platform,  in!severat  portions  of  the  lecture;  and  at  the  conclusion,  Dr.  Cahill  was  greeted  with  enthusiastic  applause  by  the  ,  audi audic  c audic  ace.  CHURCH  Or  ENGLAND  INSTITUTION,  BAZAAR.—The  Bazaar  in  aid  of  the  Library  Fund  of  this  Institution  was  held  yesterday,  in  the  'Royal  Assembly  Roo  m  s,  G  rea  t  Gdorge-street,  under  the  following  distinguished  patronage  :  --the  Countess  of  Derby,'  the  Countess  of  Harrowby,•  Lady  John  Manners,  Hon.  Mrs.  E.  Cropper,  the  Mayoress  -of  Liverpool,  Mrs.  Armand;  Mrs.  H.  Barner,  Mrs.  J.  T.  Bounte,,liiss  Brooks,  Miss  Hollinhead,.  Mrs'.  T.'  B.  Horsfall,  Mrs.  Hubback,  Mrs.  Littledale,  and  Mrs.  C.  Turndr.  In  aA'ditibn  to  the  raisdellariemis  description  of  work  usually  witnessed  at  such  exhibitions;  there  were  some  very  excellent  landscapes  in  oil,  the  contribution  of  a  Glasgow  merchant.  They  are  possessed  of  considerable  merit;  and  deserve'  the  more  attention,  because  not  the  work  of  a  professional  artist,  but  of  the  donor  himself,  who  beguiles  the  tedium  .of  his  leisure  hours  in  the  cultivation  of  the  arts.  A  very  fine  specimen  of  Berlin  work  has  been  contributed  by  Mrs.  ifolyneux  ;  and  at  the  stall  presided  over  by  the  Hon.  Mrs.  Cropper,  a  most  exquisite  collection  of  fruit  and-  flowers  modelled  in  wax  is  to  be  seen.  It  is  the  counterpart  of  a  like  collection  which  has  obtained  the  prize  in  the  Dublin  Exhibition,  and  is  valued  at  25  guineas.  A  small  printing  press  also  is  to  be  seen  at  _work,  combining  instruction  with  amusement.  And  in-  concluSion;  we  may  remark,  that  not  the  least  remarkable  or  pleasing  .  contribution  to  the  Bazaar,  is  a  small  volume  aptly  designated  Flowers  Freshly  Gathered,  by  a  member  of  the  Church  of  England  Insti Institution,  tution, Institution,  for  the  Bazaar  in  aid  of  the  Library  fund.  Besides  the  lion:  Mrs.  Cropper,  the  followin  g  ladies  also  had  stalls  :  --Mrs.  Buxton,  M  rs  .  St  u  bb  s  ,  Mi  ss  Reese,  Miss  Brackell,  Miss  Downward,  Miss  Wildring,  and  Mrs.  Mitchell.  During  the  day,  the  Mayor,  IV.  Brown,  M.P.,  and  several  other  gentlemen,  'visited  the  Bazaar,  which  will  remain  open  until.  Wednesday  evening.  We  undei•stand  yesterday's  receipts  were  very  favourable  ;  but  we  were  unable  to  aScer.:  tain  the  exact  sum.  No  'doubt  a  very  handsome  amount  will  be  realized  for  the  object  which  the  bazaar  is  intended  to  accomplish.  POLYTECHNIC  SOClETY.—Anleeting  of  this  society  was  held  last  evening,  in  the  Royal  Institution,  H.  P.  Horner,  Esq.,  in  the  chair.  A  model  of  a  Screw  Steam-ship,  possessed  of  several  alleged  improvements,  and  designed  and  patented  by  Air.  JoSeph  Birch,  Crag,  near  Macclesfield;  afforded  material  for  a  most  interesting  and  important  discussion.  Mr.  Birch  himself  was  not  present,  but  Mr.  Joseph  Mor.del,  Tower  Build Buildings,  ings, Buildings,  attended  on  his  behalf,  to  explain  the  nature  of  the  im improvements,  provements, improvements,  and  to  ansWer  any  objections  which  might  be  urged  against  them.  These  improvements  are  three-fold.  The  first  is  a  new  form  or  fashion  for  the  after  parts,  technically  called  buttock  of  vessels,  so'as  to  adapt  their  sterns  to  the  improved  propeller;  and  the  nature  of  the  improvement  con-  . STYLE=superscript  siits  in  forming  a  kind  of  conical  tail  to  the  vessel,  commencing  with  the  main  breadth  for  a  vessel  of  high  speed,  at  about  one onethird  third onethird  of  its  whole  length  to  the  stern,  and  gradually  diniinish-  . STYLE=superscript  ink  or  terminating  pointedly  or  wedge-Shaped  upon  - STYLE=superscript  or  about  the  stern  post.  Tho  second  improvement  consists  in'  a  new  fortn  of  propeller,  which  sits  upon  the  water  obliquely  upon  the  screw  principle,  affording  an  effectual  remedy  for  removing  the  central  obstruction  which  all  screw  propellers  at  present  - STYLE=superscript  possess,  and  consequently  preventing  a  great  waste  of  power.  body  or  case  of  this  improved  propeller  is  flat  and  circular,  cor corresponding  responding corresponding  in  shape  with  the  propeller  space  in  which  it  i  s  t  o  b  e  placed  ;  the  form  - STYLE=superscript  of  its  periphery  being  a  continuation  of  tho  conveying  buttock  or  tail  lines  of  the  vessel.  It  'is  fixed  in  a  driving  shaft,  which  enters  the  propeller  space  through  the  Centre  of  the  circular  end  of  the  'main  hold,  rnd  among  the  advantages  to  be  derived  from  this  arrangement  and  form  of  propeller,  is  that  when  placed  in  the  propeller  case  no  part  of  its  ineffective  surface  is  exposed  to  the  passing  current  of  water  excepting  its  periphery,  which,  as  before  stated,  is  a  continua continuation  tion continuation  of  the  tail  lines  of  the  And  the  third  improve improvement  ment improvement  consists  in  a  new  form  of  bow,  by  which  at  high  speed  seas  are  prevented  from  being  in  covered  decks,  and  improved  life-boats.  '  Several  objections  were  urged  by  Mr.  Grantham,  Mr.  Scott,  and  other  gentlemen,  to  a  vessel  con constructed  structed constructed  on  such  a  principle  as  the  model,  but  they  _were  an answered  swered answered  by  Mr.  Mender,  who  admitted  that  they  were  urged  in  a  fair  spirit,  by  stating  that  whatever  objections  could  by  urged  against  it  were  equally  applicable  as  regarded  the  present  screw  ships.  Mr.  Grantham  admitted  .  that  the  model  was  possessed  of  many  improvements,  and  pointed  out  the  necessity  ht  the  present  moment  when  such  a  diVersity  of  opinion  existed  upon  the  subject,  for  a  society  composed  of  ship-builders  and  scienti scientific  fic scientific  men,  who  would'entertain  and  discuss  all  proposed  improve improvements  ments improvements  in  ship-building,  such  a  society  was  required  above  all  other  places  by  Liverpool.  Mr.  Mendel  concurred  with  Mr.  Grantham,  and  pointed  out  how  the  recently  repealed  maritine  laws  of  this  country  were  up  to  'the  present  a  thorough  bar  to  all  improvements  in  this'  particular.'  The  Chairnnan  thought  the  Poltechnie  &amp;clay,  eminently  qualified  to  discuss  this  subject,  as  it  had  on  it's  list  off  members  many  ship-builders  and  owners,  but  he  agreed.  w;th  the  last  speaker,  that  there  should  be  in  Liverpool  some  pubic  room,  where  all  models  of  improve.  ments  could  be  deposited  for  inspection.  The  subject  is  to  be  again  discussed  at  the  next  meeting.  THE  NEW  RECEIPT  STAMP.—CAUTION  TO  THE  PUBLIC.  —On  •  Saturday,  •  and  for  some  days  past,  the  new  penny  receipt  stamps  have  been  issued  from  Somerset-house:  The  Act  comes  into  operation  to-day,  when  the  stamps  will  first  be  used.  For  all  payments,  amounting  to  40s.  and  up upwards,  wards, upwards,  from  this  day,  a  receipt  mus  t  b  e  given  on  stamped  paper,,or  an  adhesive  stamp  must  be  fixed.  .A  Queen's  will  be  treated  as  an  evasion.  The  adhesive  stamp  must  be  obliterated  by  the  name  or  initials  of  the  person  giving  it,  so  that  it  may  not  be  twice  used.  The  penalty  for  not  defacing  a  stamp  is  £lO,  and  for  using  a  stamp  twice  £2O.  If  is  necessary  to  caution  the  public,  as  it  is  the  intention  of  the  Stamp-office  to  proceed  against  persons  for  giving  receipts  on  uns!amped  paper,  or  for  otherwise  in infringing  fringing infringing  the  new  law,  and  t  o  g  i  ve  p  ar  t  of  the  penalty  to  the  informers.  Last  year,  ,the  numberof  receipts  issued  to  the  public  was  5,290;661;  and  the  net  revenue  was  £130,491.  It  is  now  anticipated  that  by  - STYLE=superscript  reducing  the  duties,  and  fixing  the  sum  at  40s.  and  upwards,  there  will  be  a  large  increase  in  the  amount  to  be  derived  from  receipts.  LIVERPOOL  DISTRICT  COURT  OF  BANS_  IiqPTCY-YESTERDAY  (Before  Mr.  Commissioner  STEvENsQN.)  - STYLE=superscript  REPOWER  AND  WALLA-CT.—ln  this  case;  'Mr:  Robert  Steen,..  of  Belfast;  claiMed  to  prove  on  the  separate  estate,of  the  bankrupt  Power,  on  two  bills  of  exchange,  for  a  sum  'Of  upwards  of  £7OO.  The  meeting  was  an  adjourned  one  for  audit,  and  'the  •  cireinnstanced  .of  the  case  Were  as  follows.  The  bankruptcy  occurred  so  far  back  as  the  year  1843,  .at  Which  period  Mr.  Steen  sent  in  to  - STYLE=superscript  fhe'  official  asSignee  . STYLE=superscript  an  affidavit'of  debt  against  the  joint  estate  of  Power  and'Wal;•  lace  for  the  amount  above  stated.  - STYLE=superscript  The'affidavit  - STYLE=superscript  iif  'debt  re remained  mained remained  in  the  hands  of  the  official  assignee,  but  no  - STYLE=superscript  proof  was  placed  on  the  file,  the  meal  estate  not  being  sufficient  to  afford.  anything  like  reasonable  dividend.  Matti;rA  re reniained  niained reniained  in  this  state  up  to  a  recent.,  pthiod,  when  it'  becaine  known  that  the  separate  estate'  of  Power,  who  had  died'some  time  before,  was  capable'of.  paying  20s.  in  the  pound.  Mr.  Steen  then  sought  to  prove  on  the  separate  estate,  of  Power,  but  his  claiin  was  opposed  by  the  assignee  to:  the  estate,  and  an  adjournment  of  the  meeting  to  yesterday'  took  place.  Mr.  Steen  attended  the  Court,  and  stated'  in  reply  to  questions  put  to  him,  that  at  the'  time  'the  debt  was  contracted,  he  was  'not  aware  that  Wallace  was  'a  partner  of  'Power's,  although  there  was  a  rumour  to  that  effect:  In  the  first  affidavit  of  proof  the  name  of  Wallace  was  included  at  the  suggestion  of.  that  party  who  had  come  over  to  Belfast  to  get  in'the  claims  against  the  estate.  Thelearned  Commissioner  thought;  under  the  circumstances  Mr.  Steen  had  a  right  to  elect,  - STYLE=superscript  and  he  would  allow  the  proof.  IN  REEMINS.—In  this  case  there  was  a.  witness  examined  as  to  the  appropriation  of  certain  property  belongir  the  bankrupt  CORONER'S  v  . STYLE=superscript  INQUESTS.  -  -  E  STE  RDA  Y  CHOLERA.  —Yesterday,  an  inquest  was  holden  on  the  body  of  Colin  O'Donnell.  Th  e  fi  rs  t  w  it  ness  was  Bridget  Crow,  wife.  of-  Hugh  Crow,  -of  No.  6  Court,  Wright  -street.  The  deceased  was  ten  years  old.  On  - STYLE=superscript  Friday  morning  he  went  out,  and  when  he  came  in,  he  had  a  handful  of  dirty  sugar  and  guano,  he  said  he  h  a  d  b  een  eat  i  ng  some  of  it.  He  was  then  taken  ill  with  a  pain  in  .  his  stomach,  and  he  was  not  able  to  _  eat  ,any  supper.  On  Saturday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  the  police  were  called  in,  and  a  medical  man  was  sent  far,  but  the  deceased  was  '  dead  before  he'  arrived.  James  Douglas  .  Xelly  being  sworn,  said  I  am  a  surgeon  :  I  have  made  a  post  mortem  examination  of  the  body,  and  find  the  cause  of  his  death  to  have  been  from  cholera.  Verdict,  Died  from  After  the  ver verdict  dict verdict  .was  returned,  the  jury  wished  the  attention  of  the  officers  of  health  to  be  dravin  to  this  case,  and  in  commenta commentating  ting commentating  on  the  matter,  the  coroner  said  that  he  was  glad  to  see  that  two  gentlemen  connected  with  the  press  were  pre present.  sent. present.  It  was  upon  the  press  alone  the  public.  could  rely  in  a  time  like  this,  because  by  their  h  e  lp,  some  thi  ng  lik  e  an  idea  of  the  fearful  state  of  things  might  be  given.  He  had  been  yesterday  morning  in  a  cellar  in  Wright Wrightstreet,  street, Wrightstreet,  Scotland-road  ;he  had  been  called  there  to  see  a  dead  body,  but  from  circumstances  arising  this  morning,  he  had  thought  it  necessary  to  hold  this  inquest.  He  quite  agreed  with  the  jury  as  to  the  fearfully  squalid  state  of  the  place  ;  and  also  .that  the  attention  of  the  health  officers  should  be  drawn  to  it,  as  it  was  a  place  not  fit  for  pigs  to  live  in.  Without  - STYLE=superscript  the  assistance  of  a  surgeon;  he  knew  by bythe  the bythe  peculiar  appearance  of  the  eyes,  that  - STYLE=superscript  it  was  a  case  of  cholera,  therefore  he  quite'  agreed  with  the  surgeon.  'Verdict  as  above.  •  •  On  the  body  of  .John  Daniels  a  Liverpool  pilot.  .  The  deceased  was  engineer  - STYLE=superscript  on  board  the  steamer  Telegraph,  Leitch  master,  sailing  between  .Belfast  and  Liverpool.  On  Wednesday  she  left  Live  r  p  oo  l  for  Belfast,  - STYLE=superscript  and  arrived  there  on  Thursday.  morning.  Deceased  came  on  board  again  on  Friday  evening,  about  nine  o'clock,  half-an-hour  before  the  sailing  of  the  .ship.  The  captain  spoke  to  him,  and  they  went  on  the  bridge  together  .  ;  the  deceased  went  on  the  port portpaddle-box,  paddle-box, portpaddle-box,  and.  the  Captain  went  on  the  bridge,  in  a  moment,  his  attenti  on  h  av  i  ng  b  een  drawn  to  the  harbour  side,  he  heard  the  word  given,  a  man  overboard  he  sung  out  immediately  stop  the  engines  and  fewer  the  '.The,boat  was  manned  by  four  men,  and  they  found  the  deceased  floating  on  his  face  in  the  water.  The-second  mate  and  Duncan  Smith,  one  of  the  hands  on  board,  saw  the  deceased  in  the  water,  with  his  hands  above  his  head,  •  shouting  for  help.  He  was  alive  when  he  was  got  into  the  boat,  but  before  he  was  got  on  board  th  e  s  hi  p  ,  lif  e  was  extinct.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  that  the  deceased  was  accidentially.drowned  ;  not  being  in  drink  at  the  time.  •  On  th&amp;body  of  Sarah  WilliamS.  Mary  Dulson  deposed  that  she  resided  With  deceased  at  1,  Gradeock-strect.  - STYLE=superscript  Last  Thesday  evening,  deceased  came  into  the  house  about  five:  o'clock,  brought  home  by  a  man  and  woman  ;  shb  was  tipsy,  and  was  laid  on  a  so  f  a  i  n  the  parlour  and  fell  asleep.  The  same  evening,  at  a  quarter,  before  six,  she  saw  her  in  the  kitchen,  she  gave  a  - STYLE=superscript  turn  round  ;and  fell;  her  husband  then  came,  .  and  'Mr.-  Callan,  surgeon,  was  'sent  for'  the  next  morning,  and  attended  her  up  to  her  death.  She  was  bleed bleeding  ing bleeding  from  a  slight  cut  on  the.  head  when  .he  saw  her.  De-.  ceased  had  been  afflicted  with  epilepsey.  On  thd.bpdy  of  Peter  lltartin,  who  fell  from  an  omnibus,:  a  few  days  previously;  and  died  from  the  injuries  received.  Verdict  :  Accidental  THE  DAI?L,VO:  ATTEMPT  TO  ROB  A  JEW JEW_ELLER'S  _ELLER'S JEW_ELLER'S  SHOP  IN  MANCHES'I'E  In  yesterday'  ft  s  publication  we  announced  that  on  Sunday  ...Jon  a  robber  was  found  in  the  shop  of  Mr.  David  Falk,  Jeweller  and  Silversmith,  Market-street,  Manchester,  when  Mr.  Falk's  assistant,  according  to  his  usual  custom,  went  to  the  shop  to  see  whether  all  was  right.  Since  then,  we  have  gathered  some  further  particulars  respecting  the  shop-breaking  and  attempt  at  robbery.  It  appears  that  the  name  of  the  prisoner,  who  is  a  good  looking  sharp  you  ng  man,  about  18  or  19  years  of  age,  i  s  John  Morton.  He  is  dressed  in  dark  fustian.  and  has  very  much  the  appearance  of  an  operative  dyer.  According  to  his  own  account,  for  he  does  not  deny  the  guilt  imputed  to  him,  he  effected  an  en entrance  trance entrance  into  the  warehouse  of  Messrs.  John  Harding,  and  Co.,  Woollen  Merchants,  Market-street,  and  New  Canning Canningstreet,  street, Canningstreet,  by  climbing  up  some  lead  piping  in  New  Canning Canningstreet,  street, Canningstreet,  and  on  reaching  the  first  floor,  he  alighted  liven  a  wide  ledging  in  front  of  which  is  aboard  sign,  giving  the  prisoner  ample  opportunity  for  concealing  himself  behind  it.  He  then  forced  the  window  open  and  obtained  admission  into  one  of  the  rooms  of  the  warehouse  of  Messrs.  John  Harding  and  Co.  This  was  about  two  o'clock  in  the  morn morning,  ing, morning,  and  it  seems  to  have  been  the  intention  of  the  prisoner,  who  adheres  to  his  original  statement,  that  he  had  no  accom accomplice  plice accomplice  to  return  as  soon  as  he  had  effected  the  robb  er  y  .  B  ut  in  this  he  was  dissappointed.  On  obtaining  access  to  the  premises  of  Messrs.  Harding  and  Co.,  he  immediately  com commenced  menced commenced  work  by  going  from  the  room  h  e  fi  rs  t  entered  into  the  one  adjoining  it,  which  is  immediately  over  the  shop  of  Mr.  Falk.  He  then  took  up  a  portion  of  the  flociring,  and  cut  a  square  hole  in  the  ceiling  of  Mr.  Falk'  s  s  h  o  p  sufficiently  large  to  admit  of  the  passage  of  his  body  into  the  shop.-  In  the-  meanwhile,  he  cut  off  from  a  piece  of  black  cloth,  belonging  to  Messrs.  Harding,  twentuards,  -with  which  he  formed  a  sort  of  ladder  betvveeu  the  ceiling  and  the  floor  of  th  e  shop.  The  cloth  was  twisted,  and  at  a  distance  of  every  half-yard  a  knot  was  tied  for  the  'purpose  of  aiding  his  ascent  and  descent.  In  the  warehouse  of  Messrs.  Harding,  he  •  forced  open  a  drawer;  which  contained  the  key  of  the  safe.  He  then  opened  the  safe,  where  he  found  a  purse  containing  £2  2s,  which  he  pocketed,  and  the  halves  of  notes  .  amounting  in  value'  to  - STYLE=superscript  t75.  Judging  the  halves  to  be  valueless;  he  strewed  them  up  and  down  - STYLE=superscript  the  room  in  which  he  found  them.  All  the  other  drawers  in  the  room  were  ransacked  ;  but  he  took  away  nothing  of  importance.  In  addition  to  the  twenty  yards  of  black  cloth,  the  prisoner  took  a  large  quantity  of  wrapper wrapperbig,  big, wrapperbig,  from  Messrs.  Harding's  warehouse,  which  he  threw  through  the  hole  in  the  ceiling  upon  the  floor  of  Mr  Falk's  shop,  in  order,  no  doubt,  to  deaden  the  sound  of  pieces  of  plaster,  timber,  &amp;c.,  falling  from  the  ceiling.  On  descend descending  ing descending  into-  the  shop  through  the  ceiling;  the  young  shop shopbreaker  breaker shopbreaker  appears  to  have  taken  a  thorough  survey  of  the  premises.  He  accumulated;  in  a  bundle  formed  by  a  table  cover,  a  large  quantity  of  a  rti  c  l  es,  i  nclud  i  u,g  brooches,  lockets,  silver  fish  knives,  silver  forks,  electro-plated  tea  spoons  silver  fruit  knives,  studs,  sce  n  t  boxes,  gold  ear-rings;  watches,  French  purses;  silver  sugar  tongs,  &amp;c.,  in  all  amounting  in  value  to  about  £3OO.  The  bundle  was  fastened  to  one  end  of  a  string,  the'  other  end  being  nailed  to  the  ffoor  of  Messrs.  Harding's  warehouse,  a  contrivance  come  to,  evidently  for  the  purpose  of  drawing  up  the  aOicles  front  the  shop  to  the  first  floor.  The  robber  brOke  opbn  a  •  show-gla  ss  case  at  the  en entrance  trance entrance  to  the  shop,'  mid  lodk  'smile  articles  out  of  it.  He  likewise  broke  opdn  it  .gla§s  'case  on  the  counter..  Several  alarm  clocks  and  other  articles  in  the  'back  shop,  he  broke,  some  of  them  injured  materially.  He  took  from  - STYLE=superscript  a  box,  a  quantity  of  cigars,,with  which  he  filled  a  cigar  case,  which  was  deposited  with  the  other  booty  in  the  table-cover.  In  the  course  of  his  search,  the  prisoner  came  across  a  bottle  of  brandy,  a  gill  of  which  he  drank,  which  seems  to  have  stupified  him,  for  he  says  that  after  that  he  fell  asleep.  He  had  previously  tried  to  effect  his  escape  from  the  preinises  by  forcing  open  a  door  in  one  o  f  th  e  '  rooms  o  f  the  Messrs.  Harding.  By'  aid  of  the  implements  of  house housebreaking,  breaking, housebreaking,  with  which  he  was  pl  en  tif  u  ll  y  suppl  i  ed,  -  he-re he-removed  moved he-removed  the  hasp  of  the  inside  door,  which  was  thus  opened,  but  opposite  to  that  is  another  door,  which  is  fastened  from  the  outside,  and  thus  he  failed  in  his  effort  to  =escape  in  that  quarter.  In  A  small  bag,  found  upon  the  pri  soner  ,  on  Mon Monday  day Monday  evening,  were  a  few  brooches,  lockets,  and  other  trinkets,  the  property  of'  Mr.  Falk.  Yesterday,  the,prisoner  on  being  brought  up  before  the  magi  s  t  ra  t  es  ,  a  t  th  e  C  i  t  y  P  ol  i  ce  Court,  heard  the  charges,  that  of  breaking  into  the  warehouse  of  Messrs.  Harding  and  Co.,  and  into  the  shop  of  Mr.  Falk,  preferred  against  him,  and  evidence  adduced  thereupon.'  At  the  conclusion  of  the  proceedings,  the  presiding  magistrate,  Mr.  C.  J.  S.  Walker,  asked  him  if  he  had  anything  to  say  to  the  charges  preferred  against  him.  The  prisoner  replied  :  No,  Sir,  nothing;  Guilty.  He  w  a  s  th  en  comm  itt  e  d  to  take  his  trial  at  the  ensuing  sessions.  We  have  great  pleasure  in  noticing  the  di  tinguished  honor  just  acquired  by  our  fellow-townsman,  M  Matthew.  Collins,  of  .the  Mechanics'  .  Institute,  whose  ing  nious_Tract  -on  AttractionS  - STYLE=superscript  and  on  Clairaut's  celebrate  Theorem  on  the  figure  of  the  Earth,  has  been  iudzed  by  tl  Royal  Society  of  London;  worthy  of  publication  'in  - STYLE=superscript  their  Transactions,  whence  an  abstract  of  it  ha's  been  copied  into  the  London,  Dublin,  and  Edinburgh  Philosophical  Magazine,  for  the  present  month.  POLICE  COURT.  YESTERDAY  LIVERPOOL.  THE  CHARG  E  OF  G  AROTIE  R  3BBERY  BY  AN  AILTLI'Lr  I STYLE=superscript  ,  I STYLE=superscript  r  :  case,.which  wa  s  no  ti  ce  d  gur  paper  oche[Lil  day,  again  came  before  the'  Court  this  morning,  '  n•  addition  to  the  prisone  r  ,  Peter  Dunn  ,  (a  private  in  the  Lan.  cashire  Artillery),  a  lodging-house  keeper,  named  0  13r STYLE=superscript  3f  ;  was  - STYLE=superscript  charged  with-  -being  concerned  . STYLE=superscript  irr  he  robbery.`,  al  Chilton,  solicitor,  defended  the  prisoner  O'Brien.  Mditir.  , STYLE=superscript  'evideriee  was  given,  but  n  o  thi  ng  t  ransp  i  re  d  to  changelbe'  al  tures  Of  . STYLE=superscript  the  'case  as  reported  yesterday.  An  alibi  wa  s STYLE=superscript  t  il  e  tempted  to  be  proved  for  the  prisoner  Peter  Dunn,  the  o  bis  leryman,  but,  althou  g  h  th  e  w  it  nesses  b  roug  h  t  f  orwar  d  by  solicitor,  were  of  respectable  appearance,  they  f  a  iled  to  e'  blish  it.  The  Bench  sa  id  th  a  t  th  e  f  ac  t  was,  a  nu  mber  idle  fellows  were  prowling  about  the  town,  and  that  O  ti  f  understood  this  case  very  well  ;  in  the  garb  of  a  militia  lery-nian,  and  under  the  pretence  of  being  a  policeian,  to  receiver  property,  ite  Thum  appeared  to  have  inveigled  simple  Trish  countryman  into  a  Hark  corner;  and  there  strangled  and  robbed  hini.  'lt  was  one  of  the  vilest  decdyntid  'deeeption  that  had  ever  come  before  them,  ca  Qt.s•  cg  respect  to  the  frisoner  O'Brieu,,the  evidence  did  not  go  I STYLE=superscript  f,  any  way  to  implicafe  him  in:  the  affair,  he  should  there  for STYLE=superscript  :  be  discharged_  The  case  again  s  t  P  e  t  er  Dunn  must  be  they  remanded  CASES  OF  STABBING.  --Elizabeth  _Renshaw,  a  powe  r! STYLE=superscript  !  woman  of  30  years  of  age,  was  committed  for  trial  on  e  'e  of  stabbing,  with  an  knife,  a  old  w  oma  n,  po  lic STYLE=superscript  Metcalfe.  It  appeared  that  they  we  re  t  a  king  sal  hment  in  an  eating  house  in  Maguire-street,  a  b  ou  t  orle  k  ou  Sunday  morning,  and  that  m  consequence  of  sera°  words  which  passed  between  them,  Renshaw  seized  tb:  t  knife,  and  with  it  stabbed  the  prosecutor  near  the  eye.  „f  Prussian  sailor  was  also  comm  ittt  e  d  f  or  trial,  on  a  charge  &#34;'  stabbing  a  young  woman  n  ame  d  Elizabeth  Brown,  at  ter  i STYLE=superscript  o'clock  on  Sunday  night,  in  a  h  ouse  i  n  Gl  over  -  s  t  ree  t.  Th  e STYLE=superscript  prisoner  was  attemptin  g  t  o  s  t  a  b  ano  th  er  sa  il  or,  an  d  it  'iqas.l,  :i  attempting  to  save  this  .party„  that  the  prosecutor  receis'  ,  the  wound.  Henry  Jones,  mate  of  the  steamer  Colchester,  w  ss STYLE=superscript  charged  with  stealing  some  hawser  ropes  from  the  the  also;  steamer,  and  selling  thein  to  two  boys  for  ss.  ;  the  b  0 STYLE=superscript  F  .  '  objected  to  tak  e  th  e  ro  p  es  un  l  ess  h  e  wou  ld  give  them,  order  to  pass  the  dock  gat  es  .  It  a  p  pears  th  a  t  h  e  went  &amp;oil  to  the  and  drew.ent  an  order  in  his  -own  the  dock  gate-man,  - STYLE=superscript  suspecting  it  was  a  forgery,  gave  inff  mation  to  a  police  officer,  an  d  h  a  d  th  e  prisoner  taken  iota  custody  the  same  night.  Th  e  ro  p  es  were  id  ent  ifi  e  d  by  Captain  of  the_  Colchester.  He  was  committed  for  trial.  PICKING  POCKET!.--Thomas  .  Jacob,  was  charged  Ira'  being  connected  with  a  gang  of  robbers  who  were  exercisiq  their  vocations  on  Saturday  night,  at  the  top  of  R  oe  -  s  trect•  i  A  passer-by  mentioned  th  a  t  h  e  saw  a  ge  n  t  l  eman  '  s  pocket  picked  by  the  prisoner.  His  attention  was  first  drawn  t  ° STYLE=superscript  tho  prisoner  because  he  was  a  boy,  whom,  on  the  praion  s STYLE=superscript  ,  night,  he  'had  seen  picki  ng  p  oc  k  e  t  s,  a  lth  oug  h  h  e  d  i  d  succeed  in  arresting  him.  On  the  latter  occasion,  he  115 STYLE=superscript  ;  absolutely  witnessed  his  picking  a  woman's  pocket.  -  3 STYLE=superscript  number  of  miscellaneous  articles  were  found  upon  the  boy's'  person,  .amongst  others,  a  pair  of  new  cotton  socks,  whiff  the  prisoner  in  his  defence,  said  he  had  bought  from  a  m  an  who  sells  braces  in  the  streets,  but  he  did  not  know  bi  name.  Mr.  Clough  said  it  was  quite  possible  that  he  might;  have  hought  the  stockings  from  such  a  man,  but  it  would  be  quite  impossible  for  them  to  find  that  person  as  there  'mer  e STYLE=superscript  hundreds  of  parties  f  o  ll  ow  i  ng  a  s  i  m  il  ar  calling.  Th  e  bo.,  was  not  known  t  o  ,  th  e  p  o  li  ce  .  Th  e  B  enc  h  sa  i  d  they  woul°!.  give  him  the  'benefit  of  the  latter  fact,  and  discharge  On'  Catherine  and  Mary  Turner,  mother  and  daughter,  well  charged  with  picking  .a  lady's  pocket,  in  St.  John's-market4'  on  Saturday  night;  the  daughter  had  been  charged  on  previous  occasion  with  stealing  a  watch  from  a  gentleman'  She  was  accordingly  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  14  dads  , STYLE=superscript  and  the  mother  not  b  e  i  ng  known  to  the  police,  w  35 STYLE=superscript  discharged.  ,  •  R  OBBING  FROM  THE  PERSON.  --Maria  Walsh,  was  charged'  with  stealing  from  the  person  of  a  man  named  John.  Cowl,  the  sum  of  165.,  with  a  purse  ;.  prosecutor  said  that  he  10  spealting.to  this  woman  in  one  of  the  arches  of  the  Custoni.  house,  when  his  attention  was  attracted  by  hearing  a  metallic  sound  proceeding  from  the  ground  near  him  ;  he  then  c  alled  a  policeman,  who  found  a  purse,  which  prosecutor  identified  as  his  property.  The  prisoner  was  committed  :  for  fourteen  days.  .  •  hopnEnv  or  A  PonpuNEß,  7  --Catherine  Hil  was  gi'q  in  charge  by  officer  758„  for  stealing,  at  about  eight  o'clock  , STYLE=superscript  on  Sunday  evening,  from  the  person  of  an  East  Indiant,  who  could  not  speak  English,  the  sum  of  £l4.  0  ° STYLE=superscript  complainant  through  an  iaterpreter  said  he  had  bel  robbed  in  a  house  in  Peter-street.  When  the  prisoner  ici,u'7  l  arrested'  ere  was  no  money  found  upon'  her.  The  oific°A  said  she  had  been  given  in  Charge-  by  this  man,  who  a  t  tl  l9 STYLE=superscript  '  time  stated  that  all  his  .money  was  gone.  The  , STYLE=superscript  magistrao  sentenced  the  prisoner  to  fourteen  days  imprisonment.  ROBBERIES  IN  THE  MARKETS.—Yesterday,  Rose  AO  Harris  was  charged  with  stealing  a  small  quantityof  butter;  the  property  of  Mrs..  Johnson;  of  Mill-street,  and  identiEea  by  her.—Celia  Jones  of  the  same  street,  also  identified''  portion  of  butter,  Which  she  had  lost,  and  which  Was  PI%  on  the  person  of  the  prisoners.  Sh  e  had  been  convicted  In  1850,  of  similar'  offenbe,  and  was  c  onsequ  e  n  tl  y  sen  t  e  nce.  to  14  days'  imprisonment.  STABBING  A  POLICEMAY.—On  Sunday  night,  a  ruttie  r STYLE=superscript  ::  ous  attack,  quite  unprovoked,  was  made  upon  police  owe'  No.  208,  by  Davi  e  I  rv  i  ng,  the  keeper  of  a  beer-house,  3.131  Boundary-street,  at  the  north  end  of  the  town..  It  appea  l STYLE=superscript  that  on  Sunday  night  Irving  was  in  a  state  of  inebriety,  and  had  been  quarreling  with  some  flat-men  in  his  house;  when  the  flat-men  had  left,  Irving.  seems  to  have  becoif  greatly  excited,  he  seized  an  old  rusty  musket  to  which,  bayonet  was  attached,  and  rushed  furiously  into  thesti  3  The  first  man  whopi  he  encountered  was  the  unfortuO4  officer,  who  had  but  recently  joined  th  e  f  orce  ,  an  d  h  e  p  l  u  n`,  the  bayonet  into  him  in  three  different  places,  inflicui  l STYLE=superscript  v  e  wounds  of  the-  most  serious  character,  one  of  them  in  O  f  abdomen,  being  considered  very  dangerous.  Shortly  aft  e STYLE=superscript  ,  the  occurrence  Irving  was  taken  into  custody,  and  brought  up  before  the  magistrates  yesterday  on  the  aboc°  charge.  The  officer  was  unable  to  attend,  and  after  hearilll  some  evidence  in  the  matter,  the  prisoner,  who  admitte,  that  he  had  inflicted  the  wounds,  b  u  t  pleaded  in  palliation,  was  remanded  for  a  week.  A  CASE  FOR  REFORMATION.--ALUIC  Kelly,  a  woman  °  f STYLE=superscript  respectable  appearance,  gaye  her  daughter  Margaret  Xe  li STYLE=superscript  g  in  charge  for  stealing  a  bonnet,  and  a  pair  of  shoes  from  het  house  ;  she  said  her  only  object  was  to  get  the  gitl  into  tile,  Penitentiary  as  she  had  been  to  her  knowledge  in  very  ba  d STYLE=superscript  company  for  the  last  3  weeks;  in  fact,  she  had  her  into  i/ STYLE=superscript  complete  &#34;robbing-hone&#34;'  The  Magistrates  said  that  they  regretted  they  had  it  not  in  their  ,power  to  send  this  poor  girl  to  a  reformatory,  but  they  would  r  em  an  d  h  er  f  o  r,  7  (la  7, STYLE=superscript  57 STYLE=superscript  m  order  to  give  her  mother  the  opportunity  of  devising  SOUL  means  that  might  lead  to  her  permanent  reformation."
