text
"SPAIN  Letters  dated  Madrid,  December  25th,  inform  us  that  in  the  Cortes  Senor  'Bruil  read  the  bill  authorising  the  establishment  of  a  new  bank,  on  the  principles  of,  and  in  connexion  with,  the  Credit  Mobilier  Company  of  Paris  ;  and  authoriz authorizing  ing authorizing  the  Government  to  make  similar  concessions  on  the  same  -bases,  when  they  may  consider  it  advantageous  to  do  so.  The  bill  was  referred  to  the  sections  for  the  nomination  of  a  committee  to  repoit  upon  it,  The  sitting  of  the  Cortes  was  prolonged  last  levening  in  'Order  to  close  the  debate  on  the  authorization  bill  to  collect  the  taxes,  &amp;c.  A  long  debate  took  place  on  the  hostile  report  of  the  minority  of  the  committee,  which  was  finally  rejected,  and  that  of  the  majority  adopted  by  a  large  majority.  The  assembly  adjourned  at  7  p.m.,  till  the  28th.  General  O'Donnell  continued  throughout  yester yesterday  day yesterday  suffering  considerable  pain  at  times,  with  of  ralevlati.an  ;  leari  tern  hours'  sleep  at  night  which  gave  him  much  relief.  It  is  feared  there  is  some  organic  disease  in  this  case.  Some  speculators  on  the  Bolsa  are  already  selling  stock,  in  the  expectation  of  Gen.  O'Donnell's  illness  having  a  fatal  termination,  and  of  the  disor disorhe  he disorhe  ministry  and  other  serious  couse-  ;anisation  of  t  ,ht  produce  hat  the  Teatro  R  luences  which  such  an  event  mi  There  was  to  be.  a  gran(  ,eal  on  he  nig  lit  of  the  sth,  the  proceeds  to  be  applied  to  the  relief  o  f  the  wounded  soldiers  in  the  Crimea.  It  had  been  postponed  on  account  of  the  cholera.  The  Dnke  of  Sotomayor,  formerly  ambassador  at  London  and  Paris,  committed  Suicide  on  the  26th  Dec.  at  Madrid.  He  had  been  suffering  for  many  years  from  violent  attacks  of  gout.  ADMISSION  OF  ATTORNEYS.—Last  term  125  attorneys  were  admitted,  and  in  Hilary  Term  a  number  of  fresh  application'  will  be  made.  The  number  in  town  and  coun country  try country  is  about  10,000.  PRIVATE  BANK  FAirunx.—The  notes  of  Messrs.  Palmer  and  Greene,  private  bankers,  of  Lichfield,  were  refused  yesterday  by  their  London  agents,  Messrs.  Smith,  Payne,  and  Smith.  This  was  an  old  established  house,  dating  from  the  year  1765,  of  great  respectability.  The  South  Eastern  Gazette  reports  that  a  poor  boy  named  Claringbould  was  lately  killed  by  a  thrashing  machine  at  Asb,  in  Kent.  When  the  body  was  taken  home  his  grandmother  was  greatly  affected  by  the  sight  of  the  mangled  tremains.  She  retired  for  the,  night,  but  expired  in  the  course  of  a  couple  of  hours  through  grief.  A  matrimonial  alliance  is  stated  to  be  concluded  between  the  youthful  Marquis  of  Lothian  and  the  Lady  Susan  Ramsay,  elder  daughter  of  the  Marquis  of  Dalhousie:  The  Marquis  is  on  his  return  from  India,  after  which  the  nuptials  are  expected  to  be  celebrated.  His  lordship's  estates  in  Edinburgh,  Roxburgh,  and  Norfolk  counties,  are  estimated  to  yield  £40.000  per  annum.  THE  LONDON  OMNIBUS  COMPANY  (ENGLISH).--WO  have  been  informed  on  authority  on  which  we  can  rely,  that  General  Wyndham,  who  so  successfully  carried  the  reduction  of  the  mileage  duty  in  the  last  session  of  parliament  against  the  whole  force  of  the  government,  has  consented  to  become  the  patron  of  Mr.  Bradfield's  new  English  Omnibus  Com Company,  pany, Company,  which  proposes  to  place  an  improved  description  of  omnibus  immediately  on  the  streets  of  London.  VOLCANO  IN  THE  SANDWICH  ISLANDS.—lecordinz  to  the  Washington  Intelligencer,  the  eruption  of  the  volcano  of  Hawaii  is  becoming  horribly  dangerous.  The  higher  regions  of  the  mountain  are  flooded  with  vast  tracts  of  smoking  lava,  while  the  streams  which  have  flowed  down  the  side  of  the  mountain  spread  over  a  surface  of  several  miles  in  breadth.  The  mainstream,  including  all  its-  wind windings  ings windings  must  be  more  than  60  miles  long,  with  an  average  breadth  of  three  miles.  SERGEANT  BRODIE,  OF  THE  iST  DRAGOONS.---4  further  stAp  has  been  taken  in  the  case  of  Serjeant  Alexander  Brodie,  of  the  Ist  (Royal)  Dragoons,  who  was  dismissed  her  Majesty's  service,  in  consequence  of  having  prevented  a  duel  between  two  of  the  officers  connected  with  the  Canter Canterbury  bury Canterbury  depot,:early  in  the  past  year.  He  has  since  memoralised  the  Chelsea  Board  in  favour  of  an  increase  of  his  pension  from  is  per  day,  as  fixed  by  that  board,  for  a  servitude  of  nearly  nineteen  years,  seventeen  as  a  serjeant.  An  answer  to  that  memorial  has  been  received,-  increasing  the  pension  from  is  to  is  3d  a-day,  in  consideration  of  his  long  service  as  a  serjeant.  FURTHER  REDUCTION  IN  THE  PRICES  OF  FOOD.—Yester FOOD.—Yesterday  day FOOD.—Yesterday  morning  a  general,  reduction  took  place  in  London  in  the  prices  ofrevery  description  of  provisions,  with  the  exception  of  bread.  The  prices  of  butchers'  meat  have  declined  considerably,  and  mutton  of  excellent  quality  sells,  by  retail,  at  the-following  prices,  viz.,  breasts,(so  ;  shoulders,  6d  to  64d  ;  and  legs,  lid  per  lb.  Beef,  roasting  pieces,  8d  to  so;  boiling  and  salting  ditto,  aid  to  ;  and  steaks  off  the  leg  of  mutton  piece,  at  84  per  pound.  Geese  are  so  plentiful,  that  the  salesmen,  to  effect  a  mar-.  ket  for  them,  are  obliged  to  raffle  them.  The  retail  grocers  have  reduced  the  price  of  sugar  another  halfpenny  ;  inferior  Brazil  sells  at  sd,  and  West  India  at  5}  per  pound,  Good  loaf  can  be  had  at  61d  per  pound.  A  frightful  accident,  thoughllortunately  not  attended  by  loss  of  life,  took  place  at  the  Roman  Catholic  chapel  of  Plaugherrow,  in  the  county  of  Sligo,  on  the  Christ Christmas  mas Christmas  morning.  A  local  paper  describing  the  occurrence,  says  :—When  prayers  were  about  to  commence,  the  chapel  was  crowded  to  excess,  and  at  that  moment,  while  the  people  were  ;on  their  knees,  the  gallery,  which  was  crowded,  gave  a  sudden  crash,  threatening  to  sink  under  the  great  weight.  A  scene  of  wild  confusion  followed,  while  the  shrieks  of  women  and  shouts  of  men  filled  the  entire  building.  Several  were  trampled  down  in  the  rush  to  get  out,  and  as  only  ono  door  was  open,  few  were  able  to  go  Instantly  the  windows  were  broken,  and  men  and  women  jumped  through  heedless  of  consequences.  Two  poor  men  who  acted  as  collectors  were  much  injured,  one  of  whom,  named  O'Brien,  received  serious  injury  of  the  back,  as  he  was  absolutely  walked  over.  Several  women  also  sustained  serious  injuries,  but  no  one  pro providentially  videntially providentially  was  killed,  although  it  was  miraculous  how  all  escaped.  Immediately  upon  hearing  of  the  accident  Sir  Robert  Gore  Booth  sent  his  carriage  and  horses  to  remove  the  unfortunate  sufferers  ;  and  O'Brien  had  to  be  rolled  in  flannel,  humanely  sent  by  Sir  Robert  before  he  could  be  removed,"
