text
"DIE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  The  sudden  contraction  of  the  currency  here  spoken  of,  arises  from  two  distinct  causes.  First,  from  bullion  having  become  the  standard  of  sta stability,  bility, stability,  and  secondly,  from  the  jealousy  and  deter determination  mination determination  on  the  part  of  the  established  banks  to  check  the  creation  of  new  and  rival  banks,  many  of  which  are  coming  into  operation  in  quick  succession.  On  the  17th  of  September,  1853,  the  banking  assets  of  New  York  alone  amounted  to  135,261,449  dols.,  of  which  11,656,884  dols.  was  bullion,  which,  compared  with  the  returns  for  the  same  period  last  year,  show  an  increase  of  5,624,421  dols.  For  all  the  other  banks  of  the  Union  we  may  fairly  allow  a  proportionate  increase  or  an  aggregate  of  100m0,000  dole.,  equal  to  about  20,000,0001.  The  actual  stock  of  bullion  held  by  the  States  cannot  be  less,  if  we  consider  that  'Cali 'California  fornia 'California  alone  has  produced  upwards  of  40,000,000/.,  of  which  sum  30,000,000/.  at  least  has  been  im-•  ported  by  the  Northen  States.  In  the  face  of  this  enormous  bullion  wealth  what  does  a  monetary  panic,  in  which  the  rates  of  interest  range  from  12  to  18  per  cent.  for  trade  accommo accommodation,  dation, accommodation,  denote?  To  us  it  is  suggestive  of  a  crying  necessity  for  an  immediate  return  to  a  stringent  usury  law.  If  a  superabundance  of  gold  is  to  be  held  up  as  a  justification  for  exacting  from  trade  and  industry  a  per  tentage  for  money,  which  would  amount  to  extortion  in  a  season  of  famine,  it  is  high  time  that  we  had  the  Jew  on  the  hip.  If  England  ever  required  increased  facilities  to  carry  on  pro production  duction production  it  is  at  this  moment.  Our  manufacturing  rivals  are  active  and  well  skilled  in  the  art  of  successful  trade  and  commerce  and  as  a  set-off  against  the  heavy  injuries  sustained  by  the  States  from  the  existing  pressure  for  money,  we  are  told  bear  in  mind  that  the  manufac  turers  of  England  have  been  very  active,  and  that  stocks  of  goods  are  large,  while  the  consumption  is  to  be  checked  as  usual,  by  the  rise  of  food  and  dearness  of  This,  it  is  anticipated,  will  make  goods  the  best  remittances  to  the  States,  in  payment  of  food.  From  this  course  the  American  producer  looks  with  the  utmost  certainty  to  gain  in  the  double  ratio  of  higher  rates  for  his  produce,  and  lower  prices  for  our  goods.  Thus  they  say  :  at  the  latest  dates,  flour  in  Liverpool  was  325.  per  barrel,  and  pig  iron,  645.  per  ton.  That  is  to  say,  two  barrels  were  worth  one  ton.  If  flour  should  rise  to  40s.  and  pig  iron  fall  to  505.,  two  barrels  would  buy  one-and-a-half  ton  of  iron,  while  the  falling  of  the  prices  of  goods  will  diminish  the  amount  of  duty  to  be  imposed  upon  This  argu argument  ment argument  goes  to  prove  most  conclusively,  that  in  order  to  sustain  the  present  equilibrium  of  prices,  we  should  promote  consumption  At  home  as  well  as  abroad  The  Monetary  embarrassments  of  the  States,  how however,  ever, however,  are  not  confined  to  trade  only.  The  operation  of  the  Tariff  is  beginning  to  show  itself  in  a  way  which  must  be  highly  edifying  to  our  Protectionist  friends.  Within  the  period  of  twelve  months  '  of  prosperity,  the  Protective  Tariff  of  the  States  has  produced  a  useless  accumulation  of  30,000,000  dollars  in  the  Treasury,  which  sum  will  be  increased  to  upwards  of  50,000,000  dollars,  within  the  year,  and  the  anticipated  demand  for  American  breadstuffs,  will  add  31,000,000  dollars  more  to  this  amount.  To  this  extraordinary  absorption  of  bullion,  the  restrictive  operations  of  the  banks  are  mainly  attri attributed,  buted, attributed,  and  until  the  Government  hit  on  some  plan  by  which  they  can  disgorge  these  gigantic  accumula accumulations,  tions, accumulations,  the  Money  Market,  it  is  contended,  must  re remain  main remain  pretty  much  as  it  is  at  present.  And  if  it  was  not  that  trade  is  independent  of  the  banks,  as  is  the  case  in  England,  the  crisis  would  be  far  more  disastrous  than  one  can  well  imagine.  As  for  the  mere  Money  Exchanges  between  England  and  the  States.  we  can  care  but  little,  but  we  apprehend  great  losses  from  the  position  which  the  exchange  of  productions,  seem  most  likely  to  assume,  and  to  this  subject  we  would  direct  the  immediate  attention  of  our  political  economists.  THE  ELECTION  OF  MAYOII.  AND  ALDERMEN  TO-DAY,  It  is  generally  understood,  that  at  noon  to-day,  Mr.  J.  B.  LLOYD  will  be  unanimously  elected  to  fill  the  Civic  Chair  during  the  ensuing  year.  We  learn  that  Mr.  Lloyd  will  be  proposed  by  Mr.  Charles  Turner  and  seconded  by  Mr.  J.  A.  Tobin.  There  is  likely  to  be  considerable  difference  of  opinion  as  to  the  eleetion  of  Aldermen.  We  believe  that  the  Liberal  party  are  resolved  upon  bringing  forward  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone,  and  Mr.  George  Holt,  in  opposition  to  Mr.  J.  Cooper,  and  Mr.  Parker.  As  far  as  we  were  enabled  to  ascertain  the  general  tactics  of  the  party,  last  evening,  the  Liberal  party  generally  will  support  the  re-elec re-election  tion re-election  of  Mr.  Bramley  Moore,  and  it  is  therefore  highly  pro probable  bable probable  that  he  will  be  re-appointed  by  a  considerable  ma majority  jority majority  of  votes.  We  have  also  good  reason  for  believing  that  the  retiring  Mayor,  Mr.  Holum,  will  receive  their  sup support.  port. support.  In  addition  to  opposing  Messrs.  Cooper  and  Parker,  a  determined  resistance  will  be  made  to  the  election  of  Mr.  Bold,  whose  elevation  to  the  office  on  Monday  week,  brought  such  a  vast  amount  of  discredit  upon  the  Council.  Should  the  effort  not  succeed,  the  Liberal  party  will  have  done  well  in  protesting  against  a  flagrant  piece  of  political  jobbery,  and  they  can  therefore  well  afford  to  leave  the  Tories  in  the  enjoyment  of  their  unenviable  victory,  should  the  latter  sue sueceed  ceed sueceed  in  confirming  the  appointment  of  their  It  seems  that  the  Tory  caucus  of  24,  which  was  held  at  the  office  of  the  Constitutional  Association,  on  Monday  after afternoon,  noon, afternoon,  was  anything  but  unanimous  with  regard  to  the  elec election  tion election  of  Aldermen.  The  retiring  Aldermen  are  Messrs.  Thomas  Bold,  James  Parker,  Joseph  Cooper,  John  Nelson  Wood,  James  Proctor,  Edward  Molyneux,  Thomas  Chilton,  and  J.  Bramley  Moore.  It  was  unanimously  agreed  to  re reelect  elect reelect  Messrs.  Bold,  Parker,  Molyneux,  and  Cooper,  and  also,  to  elect  the  retiring  Mayor  as  one  of  the  Aldermen.  The  names  of  Messrs.  J.  Bramley  Moore,  Toulmin,  R.  C.  Gard Gardner,  ner, Gardner,  and  Chilton,  were  then  submitted,  when  there  voted  for  Mr.  Moore,  16,  Mr.  Toulmin,  15,  Mr.  Gardner,  10,  and  Mr.  Chilton,  10.  On  Mr.  Proctor's  name  being  submitted,  only  seven  voted  for  him.  It  was  urged  against  Mr.  Chilton,  that  he  was  negligent  in  attendance  on  his  municipal  duties.  Mr.  It.  G.  Gardner  appears  to  be  exceedingly  popular  with  the  party,  and  it  is  believed  that  Mr.  Chilton  will  have  to  give  way  to  the  member  for  Ahercromby  Ward.  REV.  MR.  EnowN  B  LECTURES.—The  Rev.  H.  S  Brown  delivered  the  second  of  his  course  of  lectures  upon  the  religions  of  the  East,  at  the  Concert  Hall  last  night.  The  lecture  principally  had  reference  to  the  revolution  which  is  now  taking  place  in  China  its  character,  and  its  religious  aspect.  Having  on  last  Tuesday  night  described  the  civil  and  religious  habits  and  institutions  of  China,  the  second  lecture  proceeded  to  detail  th  e  cause  from  which  the  present  revolutionary  movement  arose,  the  gradual  spread  of  disaffection,  the  successive  failure  of  every  attempt  to  suppress  it  by  arms,  money,  or  stratagem,  and  its  increas increasing  ing increasing  success  untill  it  arrived  to  its  present  formidable  growth.  The  lecturer  dated  that  in  last  April  the  revolutionary  party  were  in  possession  of  Nankin,  and  probably  by  this  time  had  effectually  shut  up  the  Imperial  canal  or  even  perhaps  marched  upon  Pekin  itself,  and  declared  that  there  could  be  little  doubt  that  the  old  dynasty  was  a  doomed  one,  that  the  revolution  would  be  triumphant,  and  its  leader  succeed  to  the  Tartar  throne.  The  lecturer  then  proceeded  to  caution  his  audience  against  trusting  to  the  too  sanguine  hopes  en entertained  tertained entertained  in  this  country  regarding  the  religion  and  Christ Christian  ian Christian  character  of  the  movement.  He  denied  that  it  was  fil filled  led filled  with  the  true  Christian  element,  and  pointed  in  support  of  his  belief  to  its  cruel  and  sanguinary  character,  to  the  fact  that  it  leaders  were  pledged  to  the  Confucius  doctrine,  hav having  ing having  urged  as  an  arguments  againt  the  Tartars  dynasty  that  they  had  neglected  the  tsudy  of  Confucius  and  to  the  im impostures  postures impostures  which  its  leaders  had  got  up,  pretending  that  the  son  of  God  was  amongt  them,  and  actually  dressing.  up  one  of  their  followers  to  personate  the  Divine  Being  him himself.  self. himself.  He  expressed  his  belief  that  the  new  dynasty  would  be  even  more  intolerant  than  the  old,  declared  the  movement  tobe  en entirely  tirely entirely  political,  and  its  religious  element  to  be  one  of  the  most  unmitigated  impostures  which  the  world  had  ever  seen.  Loud  acclamation  followed STYLE=superscript  the  conclusion  of  the  lecture,  which  was  several  times  interrupted  in  its  progress  by  the  applause  of  the  audience.  James  Barnwell,  a  corn  porter,  whilst  carrying  a  sack  of  corn  from  a  lorry  to  a  warehouse  door  in  Earl-street,  accidentally  slipped  and  fell  with  the  sack,  receiving  a  severe  laceration  and  injury  to  the  spine.  He  was  taken:to  the  Northern  Hospital  and  immediately  attended  to,  but  his  life  is  despaired  of."
