text
"MANCHESTER.  CAUTION  TO  PARTIES  ENLISTING.  —At  the  Salford  Town-  Hall,  on  Saturday,  a  person  named  William  Bamford,  22  years  of  age,  was  placed  before  the  bench  on  a  charge  of  having  enlisted  in  the  first  dragoons,  now  stationed  in  the  cavalry  barracks,  Hulme,  under  false  pretences.  It  appeared  that  he  had  enlisted  into  the  above  regiment,  and  made  a  declaration  that  he  was  neither  married,  nor  laboured  under  any  bodily  infirmity.  On  the  day  after  he  enlisted,  cer certificates  tificates certificates  were  brought  to  the  commanding  officer,  from  which  it  appeared  that  he  was  married,  and  that  h  e  was  su  bj  ec  t  t  o  fits.  The  prisoner  stated,  that  in  making  ,the  declaration  he  had  done,  which  he  admitted  to  be  false,  he  acted  under  the  guidance  and  advice  of  the  soldier  who  enlisted  him,  he  being  anxious  to  be  a  soldier.  Mr.  Trafford  told  the  prisoner,  that  for  the  perjury  he  had  committed,  he  had  rendered  himself  liable  to  seven  years'  triirork.ation.—The  case  was  remanded  to  Wednesday  next.  •  STEALING  A  FENDER  FltOM  A  Pura.gick4sr.—At  the  Salford  Town-hall,  on  Saturday,  a  persoir  artined  Thomas  Bowden,  labourer,  was  charged  with  stealirTgafender  from  ;  the  tap  .room  of  the  Custom-house  tavern,  Chaperitree‘  It  appeared  that  the  prisoner  went  into  the  house  in  question  on  the  previous  evening,  and  called  for  a  gill  of  ale.  Some  time  after  he  left,  the  fender  that  was  in  the  tap-room  was  missed.  Information  of  the  theft  was  communicated  to  the  police,  who  went  in  search  of  the  stolen  property,  to  several  broker's  shops  in  the  borough.  In  one  of  them  they  found  the  fender,  which  had  been  sold  by  the  prisoner  for  ls.  The  prisoner  was  shortly  afterwards  apprehended.  Com Committed  mitted Committed  to  the  sessions.  CHARGE  OF  STEALING  A  Boog.  PROM  A  STALL.—At  the  City  police-court,  Manchester,  on  Saturday,  a  little  boy  named.  John  Hardy,  was  charged  with  having  on  the  pre previous  vious previous  day  stolen  a  book  from  a  stall  in  Liverpool-road,  the  property  of  a  person  named  Jackson.  The  prosecutor  stated  that  he  saw  the  boy  steal  the  book,  that  he  followed  him,  and  gave  him  into  custody.  The  parents  of  the  boy  ap appeared  peared appeared  in  court,  and  under  a  promise  from  them  that  they  would  take  better  care  of  him  for  the  future,  he  was  dis discharged,  charged, discharged,  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  OF  A  TRAVELLER  FOR  A  LIVER LIVERPOOL  POOL LIVERPOOL  COMMERCIAL  110V8E,—Yesterday,  at  the  City  police policecourt,  court, policecourt,  an  elderly  tatterdemalian  named  John  Whecldon,  was  placed  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  of  having  robbed  Edward  jodclrell,  a  traveller  in  the  employment  of  Messrs.  Fell  and  Co.,  tea  and  coffee  merchants,  Liverpool,  of  a  purse  containing  £l4O  in  gold  and  notes,  on  the  morn morning  ing morning  of  Thursday  last,  in  a  house  in  Rochdale  road.  Mr.  Rigge,  solicitor,  was  for  the  prisoner.  The  prosecutor,  Edward  Joddrell,  who  stated  that  he  was  a  commercial  traveller  said,  that  on  Thursday  morning  last,  between  six  and  a  quarter  to  seven  o'clock,  he  was  coming  home,  he  had  been  out  rather  late  the  night  before,  and  when  at  th'ea  corner  of  Gould-street,  Rochdale-road,  he  called  at  the  Wellington  Inn.  He  stayed  there  some  time,  and  had  something  to  drink.  He  was  not  positively  drunk,  but  still  he  was  not  so  very  sober.  He  stayed  in  the  house  some  time,  and  in  the  course  of  the  morning,  perhaps  an  hour  or  two  after  he  entered  the  house,  he  went  into  the  tap-room  to  warm  himself.  He  had  begun  to  feel  cold,  and  upon  this,  he  went  into  another  tap-room,  and  shortly  afterwards  he  lost  his  purse  and  all  that  was  in  it.  He  had  been  giving  other  people  in  the  house  drink,  and  had  from  £l4O  to  £143  With  him.  That  money  was  safe  on  his  per person  son person  about  a  quarter  of  an  hour  or  half  an  hour  before  he  missea  it.  ne  leconeuted  h.v1.  6  ,  ;6  we  left  trousers  pocket.  He  was  asleep  in  the  tap-room.  He  remembers  seeing  the  prisoner  in  the  tap-room  ;  he  was  in  the  tap-room  with  him,  and  sat  by  the  fire.  The  prisoner  was  in  witness's  company,  and  he  gave  him  and  several  others  drink.  When  he  missed  his  purse,  he  went  out  of  the  tap-room,  and  told  the  young  man  in  the  vault  that  he  had  lost  it.  The  greater  portion  of  the  money  was  in  gold,  there  was  also  a  £2O  note,  and  he  was  not  positive  whether  there  was  not  a  £5  or  a  £lO  note  besides.  He  went  and  gave  information  of  the  robbery  to  the  police.—  In  cross  examination,  the  witness  stated  that  he  had  been  drinking  during  the  night  previous,  nearly  all  night,  but  not  quite  all  night.  He  stopped  drinking  between  11  and  12  at  night;  when  he  was  at  the  Wellington  it  was  between  6  and  7in  the  morning.  He  was  a  traveller  in  the  tea  and  coffee  trade.  He  paid  a  bricksetter  3s  6d  at  the  Wellington  to  keep  him  company,  and  drink  with  him.  Believes  the  bricksetter  got  the  3s  6d,  and  went  shortly  afterwards.  Does  not  recollect  seeing  him  go.  The  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  was  in  the  house  after  he  missed  his  money.  The  money  was  in  a  crotchet  purse.  William  Croft,  the  bricksetter,  stated  that  on  Thursday  morning,  about  23  minutes  to  7  o'clock,  he  was  at  the  Wel Wellington,  lington, Wellington,  and  had  ordered  a  little  rum,  when  the  prosecutor  came  in,,  and  kicked  him  behind.  The  prosecutor  then  asked  him  what  he  was,  and  was  told  that  he  was  a  brick bricksetter.  setter. bricksetter.  He  then  said,  I  suppose  you  earn  about  5s  a  day,  I  will  give  you  Ss,  and  will  make  you  drunk  as  well:  for  I  am  going  to  be  fool  for  every  one  He  gave  wit witness  ness witness  3s  6d,  shortly  after  which  be  went  away,  in  order  to  go  to  his  work,  but  the  prosecutor  followed  him,  brought  him  back  and  gave  him  some  rum  and  ale  to  drink.  They  went  into  the  tap-room,  and  as  soon  as  Joddrell  fell  asleep,  he  went  away  from  him.  He  saw  the  money  of  the  prosecutor,  which,  during  the  morning  he  placed  on  the  counter,  in  a  purse,  which  seemed  to  contain  a  great  deal  of  gold,  and  a  quantity  of  paper.  Mrs.  Thorpe,  who  keeps  a  beer-house  in  River-street,  Hulme,  stated  that  on  Thursday  morning,  about  11  o'clock,  the  prisoner  came  into  her  house,  along  with  another  man,  and  asked  for  some  beer.  He  was  the  worse  for  liquor,  and  the  friend  who  was  along  with  him  wanted  him  to  go  home  without  having  anything  more  to  drink.  He  would  not,  however,  and  called  for  two  glasses  of  ale,  to  provide  pay payment  ment payment  for  which,  he  pulled  out  a  crotchet  purse  contain containing  ing containing  a  large  quantity  of  gold.  Seeing  that  such  was  the  case,  witness  sent  for  the  wife  of  the  prisoner,  who  came  to  the  house  and  got  from  her  husband  the  purse.  His  wife  began  counting  the  contents,  and  when  she  had  counted  30  sovereigns,  she  said  she  was  so  overcome  she  could  count  no  more.  The  purse  was  a  crotchet  one,  in  the  shape  of  a  bag.  Sergeant  Reade,  of  the  D  division,  stated  that  the  pri-.  soner  first  told  him  that  he  had  no  money,  when  he  went  to  apprehend  him.  Witness  then  said  thatle  should  take  him  to  the  police-office,  and  his  wife  said  that  if  he  would  not  take  him  into  custody,  she  would  take  him  to  the  place  where  the  money  was,  which,  her  husband  said,  he  had  found  in  the  street.  She  then  took  witness  to  Mrs.  Belton,  River-street,  who  handed  over  to  him  £7  10s.  which,  she  said,  she  had  received  from  the  prisoner's  wife.  The  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  afterwards  said  that  he  found  the  purse  and  money,  that  he  burned  the  purse,  and  gave  the  money  to  his  wife.  John  Pollard,  waiter  at  the  Wellington,  corroborated  the  evidence  of  the  preceding  witnesses,  as  to  what  they  stated  took  place  at  that  house.  The  prisoner  was  fully  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  next  sessions.  BRUTAL  ASSAULT  UPON  A  MARRIED  WOMAN.—At  the  Manchester  City  police-court,  three  boatmen,  named  James  Berry,  John  Hudson,  and  John  Brierly  were  placed  before  the  magistrates,  charged  with  having,  on  the  24th  of  Nov.,  criminally  assaulted  Jane  Howard.  The  prosecutrix  stated  that  her  husband  was  a  labourer,  working  at  present  at  St.  Helens.  She  detailed  the  circumstances  under  which  she  met  the  prisoners,  and  the  commission  of  the  offence.  All  the  prisoners  were  committed  to  take  their  trial  at  the  next  Liverpool  assizes.  POCKET  PICKING.—TWO  young  men,  named  Hickey  and  Scott  were  yesterday,  at  the  Manchester  City  police-court,  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions,  on  a  charge  of  pocket pocketpicking  picking pocketpicking  in  Deam_s  , STYLE=superscript  p  ate,  on  Saturday  afternoon.  DRUNK  AND  DISORDERLIES.-At  the  City  police-court,  Manchester,  a  man  named  Bedmane  was  fined  10s.  and  costs  for  being  drunk,  and  creating  a  disturbance  in  Bridge Bridgenorth-street,  north-street, Bridgenorth-street,  on  Saturday  night.  For  a  similar  offence  in  Church-street,  John  Jackson  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  GREAT  TROTTING  MATCH.—GREAT  INHUMANITY.  —We  stated  a  few  days  since  that  a  great  trotting  match  had  been  made  in  America,  to  trot  one  horse  100  miles  against  time.  The  distance  was  to  be  covered  in  nine  hours.  The  day  came,  and  the  noble  animal  was  brought  upon  tbo  ground.  The  distance  was  done  in  8  hours  55  tutu.  53  sec.,  being  4  min.  7  sec.  to  spare.  Tl.  poor  animal  was  staggaring  towards  She  clo.e,  and.  died  n  three  days  !  What  brutes  must  ti2.y  have  been  who  drove  him  !  The  wager  was  *4,000.  MEETING  OF  IRISH  CONFEDERATES  IN  NEW  YORK.—  A  meeting'  of  the  various  clubs  of  Irish  confederates  of  '4B  was  held  in  New  York,  on  the  14th  inst.,  Thomas  Taylor  in  the  chair.  Colonel  Doheny  made  a  spirited  speech,  coun counselling  selling counselling  immediate  action  on  the  part  of  the  Irish-Americans,  in  reference  to  the  condition  of  Ireland  and  her  fitness  to  strike  once  more  for  liberty.  He  believed  the  present  was  a  suitable  moment  for  the  attempt,  and  hoped  his  country countrymen  men countrymen  would  procrastinate  no  longer.  Irishmen,  he  said,  had  too  lofty  an  idea  of  English  power.  She  was  a  weak  power,  in  fact,  and  Ireland  in  herself  was  a  much  stronger  power.  They  should  not  fancy  that,  in  an  encounter  with  their  op oppressor,  pressor, oppressor,  the  Irish  would  be  opposed  by  the  people  of  Eng England—their  land—their England—their  opponents  would  be  the  aristocracy  only,  which  always,  when  tested  by  the  sword,  was  found  to  be  weak.  Tie  believed  that  were  a  struggle  between  liberty  and  tyranny  to  take  plat,,  r.-.3l;qhmen  would  outnumber  the  Irish  in  the  ranks  of  right.  He  advocates  t-z-I,_  American  military  or organisation,  ganisation, organisation,  because  he  saw  in  them  hope  for  ins  an  d  and  believed  that  a  few  thousands  of  such,  landed  in  Ireland,  would  be  able  to  scatter  English  garrisons  in  Ireland,  and  restore  to  that  country  her  liberties.  The  remarks  of  Mr.  Doheny  were  received  with  great  applause,  but  a  motion  was  made,  and  unanimously  adopted,  to  postpone  further  consideration  of  the  subject  of  assistance  for  Ireland  for  one  month.  The  remainder  of  session  was  occupied  in  making  further  arrangements  for  the  reception  of.  John  Mitchel,  and  in  transacting  private  business  appertaining  to  the  organisa organisation.  tion. organisation.  Invitations  to  be  present  were  extended  to  Messrs.  Meagher,  Doheny,  Dillon,  Savage,  and  Cavanagh.  No  res response  ponse response  was  heard  from  Mr.  Meagher.  The  only  speech  made  was  Colonel  Doheny's.  It  is  understood  that  the  reception  ceremonies  of  John  Mitchel  will  consist  of  a  ball  and  a  sump.  tuous  supper."
