text
"THE  RECENT  STATISTICAL  CONGRESS  AT  BRUSSELS  Sundry  important  observations  have  just  been  addressed  to  the  Government  of  this  country,  in  reference  to  the  infor information  mation information  communicated  to  the  congress  relative  to  the  manage management  ment management  of  statistical  matters  in  different  countries,  and  various  important  suggestions  with  a  - STYLE=superscript  view  to  increase  the  practical  value  of  our  own  statics,  home  and  foreign.  It  is  very  instructive  to  observe  the  methods  in  which  officials  returns  of  all  kinds  are  treated  in  the  various  Govern Governments;  ments; Governments;  and  there  is  every  reason  to  hope,  considering  the  influence  of  the  several  delegates,  that  the  reports  they  make  will  not  fail  to  teach  the  several  foreign  Governments  how  they  may  best  improve  their  own  statistical  organization,  by  adopting  the  best  methods  employed  by  their  neighbours.  In  this  country,  the  Government  officers  prepare  returns  and  reports,  which,  in  the  aggregate,  are  not  inferior  in  extent  and  excellence  to  those  of  other  countries.  In  France,  the  Ministers  of  Justice,  of  Commerce,  and  of  Finance,  have  statistical  sections  in  their  respective  offices,  carrying  on  their  departments  independently  of  each  other.  In  both  countries  there  is  a  want  of  co-ordination  in  the  official  publications,  and  an  absence  of  unity  of  plan  and  compendious  digests  for  the  use  of  the  Governments  and  the  public,  by  which  much  inconvenience  is  often  produced,  and  the  utility  of  the  whole  greatly  curtailed.  To  this  want  of  a  comprehensive  plan,  embracing  the  official  returns  of  both  countries,  attention  is  now  being  called.  Austria,  Prussia,  Bavaria,  and  Denmark,  resemble  each  other  in  having  i  the  whole  official  statistics  of  each  Govern Government  ment Government  prepared  n  one  office,  under  a  director,  who  consults  and  is  consulted  by  the  Ministers  in  the  several  depart departments.  ments. departments.  _  _  Belgium  follows  the  example  of  Sardinia  a  llowing  the  several  offices  to  work  out  the  statistics  of  their  own  depart departments,  ments, departments,  on  plans  laid  down  by  the  central  commission.  It  was  the  unanimous  opinion  of  the  members  of  the  Congress,  that  the  statistics  of  a  country  can  be  most  effi efficiently  ciently efficiently  and  beneficially  conducted  by  bringing  into  close  relation  the  several  departments  in  which  statistical  enqui enquiries  ries enquiries  are  carried  on,  or  by  classifying  all  the  enquiries  under  one  general  direction.  In  the  discussion  of  the  advantages  of  the  methods  adopted  in  the  three  groups  of  countries  above  noticed,  there  was  a  very  strong  opinion  in  favour  of  a  central  statistical  commission  ;  others  were  equally  strong  in  favour  of  a  statistical  department  which  should  have  all  the  statistical  operations  of  the  country  under  its  control,  as  is  the  case  in  Prussia.  The  Brussels  d  e  l  ega  t  es  seemed  to  recollect  where  they  came  from,  and  very  wisely,  instead  of  pronouncing  too  clearly  for  or  against  new  acts  of  centralization,  seemed  to  think  the  various  methods  might  depend  on  the  character  of  each  Government,  and  contented  themselves  with  the  maxim  in  favour  of  that  which  is  best  It  may  be  expected,  however,  that  the  re reports  ports reports  returned  to  the  several  Governments  represented  in  the  Statistical  Congress  will  prove  that  great  advantages  would  accrue  to  the  public  service  by  adopting  many  of  the  modi modifications  fications modifications  recommended,  and  assimilating  the  statistical  schemes  of  the  different  countries,  so  as  to  facilitate  compa comparison  rison comparison  with  each  other.  To  our  own  Government  it  is  recommended  that  a  com commission  mission commission  should  be  appointed  :  —l.  To  classify  the  statistical  reports  and  returns  which  are  now  periodically  published  in  Great  Britain,  Ireland,  the  Colonies,  and  the  East  Indies  ;  2.  To  report  those  particulars  which  should  enter  into  the  returns  for  all  the  parts  of  the  empire,  as  well  as  those  which  should  be  restricted  to  the  United  Kingilom  ;  and  3.  To  pre prepare  pare prepare  examples  of  the  condensed  digests  of  the  whole  on  a  systematic  plan,  for  publication  decennially,  annually,  quar quarterly,  terly, quarterly,  or  weekly.  The  Imperial  statistics  would  naturally  divide  themselves  into  those  of  Great  Britain,  of  Ireland,  of  the  Colonies,  of  the  East  Indies,  and  of  foreign  States  with  which  we  hava  internal  relations.  The  following  are  the  subjects  which,  with  any  additions  that  experience  may  suggest,  it  is  recommended  should  be  embraced  in  the  statistics  of  the  Empire  :-  1.  The  revenue  and  expenditure  well  classified.  2.  The  civil  and  military  establishments,  and  the  officers  and  expenses  of  local  governments.  3.  The  census  of  the  population,  at  equal  or  corresponding  intervaWof  time.  4.  The  registration  of  marriages,  births,  deaths  (and  the  causes  of  death).  5.  Emigration  and  immigration.  6.  The  churches,  scientiffc  societies,  schools,  public  insti institutions  tutions institutions  of  various  kinds  connected  with  the  moral  and  intel intellectual  lectual intellectual  progress  of  the  empire.  7.  Friendly  societies,  savings  banks,  institutions  for  the  relief  of  the  poor,  charities,  and  social  institutions.  8.  Crimes  and  punishments.  _  _  _  9.  Surveys,  maps,  descriptions,  admeasurements  of  terri territory,  tory, territory,  indications  of  superficial  and  subterranean  contents  of  the  land,  observations  on  temperature,  rain,  and  other  ele elements  ments elements  of  climate.  10.  Statistics  of  agriculture.  11.  Statistics  of  industry,  including  manufactures  12.  Statistics  of  commerce,  variously  subdivided,  It  is  not  recommended  that  a  new  statistical  department  should  be  created,  as  the  important  object  proposed,  viz.,  the  establishment  of  a  uniform  plan  for  all  those  returns,  could  be  secured  by  constituting  a  board  composed  of  the  heads  of  the  several  departments  in  which  the  statistical  operations  of  the  country  are  now  conducted.  All  the  greac  catutuata..o  aur2  vc,lai  iv  vab  ry  laic.  aucL  a  'maid  might  deem  necessary,  might  be  performed  at  some  one  of  the  existing  offices,  as  is  the  case  in  Belgium,  where  the  labours  which  the  Commission  directs  are  performed  in  a  statistical  department  under  the  Minister  of  the  Interior.  It  appears,  from  the  comparison  we  have  just  had  an  op.  portunity  of  making  between  our  statistical  operations  and  those  of  other  countries,  that  in  50131  G  Ifrtuiclies  we  are  con considerably  siderably considerably  iu  advance  of  them,  while  in  others  we  are  singu singularly  larly singularly  and  discreditably  in  arrear.  To  three  points  in  parti particular,  cular, particular,  the  attention  of  the  English  Government  has  been  called,  and  we  invite  that  of  the  public  :-  1.  The  marriages  births,  and  deaths  are  left  unreg  i  s  t  ere  d  in  Scotland  and  Ireland.  The  Registrar-General  for  Ireland  requires  only  the  regis registration  tration registration  of  Protestants.  It  has  been  sometimes  alleged  that  the  Roman  Catholic  priesthood  of  Ireland  would  oppose  a  complete  system  of  registration  in  Ireland.  It  may  be  hoped,  however,  that  this  impression  is  unjust,  especially  as  civil  registration  is  encouraged  in  many  Catholic  countries  quite  as  much  as  in  those  that  are  Protestant.  It  is  quite  time  that  Scotland  and  Ireland  were  at  least  on  a  level  with  Russia,  throughout  which  a  complete  system  of  reg  i  s  t  ra  ti  on  extends.  2.  A  second  great  defect  in  our  statistics  is  the  absence  of  agricultural  and  industrial  returns._  _  _  — STYLE=superscript  We  have  agricultural  returns  for  Ireland,  which  require  but  very  little  improvement.  Agriculture  in  England  is  so  important  a  branch  of  national  industry,  the  source  of  so  much  wealth,  and  on  the  whole  so  skilfully  conducted,  that  there  seems  no  reason  why  agricultural  returns,  as  extensive  and  at  least  as  correct  as  our  commercial  returns,  should  not  be  procured  and  published.  The  two  series  of  returns  would  be  equally  useful,  and  would  throw  light  on  each  other.  An  extensive  series  of  returns  of  the  culture  and  produce  of  the  different  soils  in  the  various  climates  of  the  world,  tend  greatly  to  the  advance  of  agriculture;  and  connected  as  agri agriculture  culture agriculture  is  with  questions  of  the  subsistence  of  the  population  from  year  to  year,  would  possess  at  all  times  extraordinary  importance.  S.  Another  great  desideratum  for  this  kingdom  is  a  large  and  accurate  map,  on  wid.ll  all  the  varieties  of  the  surface  and  every  separate  portion  of  immovable  property  can  be  dis distinctly  tinctly distinctly  traced,  and  which  would  form  the  real  basis  of  all  the  statistics  of  the  country.  The  Bavarian  map  and  cadastre,  which  was  shown  at  the  Congress,  is  said  to  have  cost  £2,000,000.  The  Belgian  maps  are  on  the  same  scale,  but  in  a  better  condition  than  those  of  France.  It  is  suggested  that  we  should  have  maps  on  the  scale  of  2.5  4  inches  to  a  mile,  the  scale  expressed  on  the  Continent  by  the  fraction  1-2,600,  or,  in  decimals,  .0004.  Our  English  Ordnance  map,  1  inch  to  the  mile,  would  then  occupy  the  place  of  the  reduced  map;  the  Irish  map,  produced  by  the  triangulation  of  that  country,  is  for  several  reasons  inadequate.  The  Belgian  com commission  mission commission  recommends  that  future  cadastral  maps  should  be  con conitructed  itructed conitructed  more  accurately  than  the  existing  Continental  maps,  and  that  they  should  be  undertaken  with  more  extended  views  to  the  promotion  of  public,  scientific,  and  industrial  purposes,  not  only  supplying  present  demands,  but  anticipating  the  requirements  of  the  future.  SOUTHAMPTON,  WEDNESDAY.—The  Plata,  Captain  Weller,  belonging  to  the  Royal  Mail  Company,  left  South Southhampton  hampton Southhampton  on  Wednesday  afternoon,  with  the  usual  West  India  and  Mexican  mails.  She  had  on  board  a  small  amount  of  specie,  145  passengers,  and  a  very  full  cargo.  MADEIRA  PINEAPPLES  AND  ORANGES.—.A  parcel  has  been  received  by  Messrs.  Keeling  and  Hunt,  being  the  first  attempt  at  growth  in  any  large  quantity  for  this  country.  The  failure  of  the  vintage  has  turned  the  atten attention  tion attention  of  the  planters  of  the  vine  to  the  cultivation  of  oranges,  3,000  packages  of  which  have  already  been  sent  to  England  during  the  past  month.  WATER  BALLAST.—The  novel  mode  of  ballasting  with  water  is  n  ow  b  e  i  ng  t  r  i  e  d  on  b  oa  rd  the  Snipe,  Captain  Girdham.  The  water  is  secured  in  gutta  peroha  vessels,  and  the  filling  and  emptying  processes  are  simple  and  ex expeditious.  peditious. expeditious.  It  is  believed  that  much  time  and  labour  will  be  saved  by  this  new  method,  and  that  in  the  end  it  will  prove  much  cheaper  than  the  old  lab.rious  plan.—Globe.  COURT  MARTIAL  ON  A  NAVAL  OFFICER.  On  Tuesday  last,  a  court  martial  assembled  at  Portsmouth,  on  board  the  flag  ship  Victory,  under  the  presidency  of  Rear  Admiral  Corry,  to  try  Mr.  Alexander  Tate,  Second  Lieut•  stunt  of  the  Royal  Marine  corps,serving  in  the  detatcbment  on  board  the  St.  Jean  d'Acre,  on  a  charge  of  drunkenness.  Com Commander  mander Commander  Peter  Cracroft,  of  the  St.  Jean  d'Acre,  was  the  Admiralty  prosecutor.  First  Lieutenant  Tumour,  R.  N.  ,  of  the  St.:  Jean  d'Acre,  deposed  that  on  the  19th  u  lt.  h  e  saw  the  prisoner  in  rhelpless,state  of  drunkenness,  so  much  so  that  he  fell  down  ty).  4fter  ladder;  that  he  afterwards  got  on  board  a  boat,  but  was  drought  back  and  placed  under  arrest.  This  evidence  4ini  been  corroborated,  the  prisoner  said,  in  defence,  tt  i  he  had  obtained  two  days'  leave  of  absence,  and  that  the  61,ifement  occasioned  by  the  prospect  of  speedily  'visiting  r  rids,  coupled  with  that  produced  by  the  wine  he  had  take  'itiatincheon,  had  overcome  him.  In  consequence  of  the  pri  .es  previous  high  character  and  conduct,  which  was  spoken'to  by  several  officers,  he  was  adjudged  only  to  be  dismissed  from  Her  Majesty's  ship  St.  Jean  d'Acre,  and  to  be  placed  at  the  bottom  of  the  list  of  lieutenants  of  the  Royal  Marine  corps  for  one  year."
