text
"CANTON  MARKET  REPORT.  HUNG  KONG  Sept.  27  We  regret  still  to  have  to  report  that  there  has  been  littl-  dung  in  most  artieLes  of  import,  and  the  goods  sold  !rive  been  taken  chiefly  on  speculation  at  reduced  prices  for  longelo:hs  and  darn.  Cotton.—A  demand  for  some  districts  in  the  i  t  rior  has  caused  fair  clearances,  stated  at  25.100  bales,  but  at  low  rates.  Bombay  is  quoted.  T  4.9  to  T  5.8;  Bengal,  T  4.8  to  T  5.7;  Sladras,  T  5.3  to  O.?.  Stock  about  90,000  hale.  _  _  _  _  Cotton  Yarn.  —A  speculative  demand  has  taken  off  2,000  bales.  We  quote  Nos.  16.24  17  dols.  to  18.  i  dols.  ;  Nos.  28-32,  20  dols.  to  dols.  No-.  :43-42  22  dots.  23  dols.  .  .  Long  Cloths.  —About  25.000  pieces  have  been  purchase•i,  mostlyon  specu  ation.  Prices  are  a  litt  e  lower,  Grays,  1-20  dols.  2-15  dols.  ;  whites.  1-4  , STYLE=superscript  .  d  ls.  to  2-55  c1..15.  Woollens.—The  sales  have  been  small.  Sp.  stripes,  assorted.  70-S5;  long  ells,  assorted,  5-70  dols.  to  6-10  dols.  ;  scarlet.  5.85  dols,  to  6-30  dots;  camlets.  no  sales  ;  English  quoted  15  dols.  to  18  dols.  ;  Dutch  15  dols  to  21  dols.  Metals.—lron  bas  not  been  in  request.  Nal  rod  /-15  dols.  to  2-25  dais.  :  bar  square,  1-70  dols.  to  l-8.)  do  s.  ;  flat  1-70  dols.  to  I-80;  rouni  1-85  dols.  to  3-70  doss.  Tin  plate.,  nominally  quoted,  5-50  dais.  to  5  80  dols;  lead,  English,  .6,.)  dots.  to  4  80  dols.  Turkey  Opium  has  declined  to  32)  dols.  Cochineal,  85  dols  to  120  dots.  Canton  Silk.—Only  a  small  quantity  in  the  market,  but  the  fifth  crop  is  coming  in.  No.  I,  quoted  215  dols.  ;  No.  2,  263  dole.  ;  No,  3.  145  dols.  Tea.—The  business  during  the  month  has  been  linf  ted,  but  prices  are  maintained  as  the  teamen  have  been  firm.  The  settlements  are  15  of  Congou  at  18  taels  to  29  taels;  in  other  descriptions  not  much  has  been  done,  but  are  held  at  high  r..tes.  The  supply  for  the  season,  it  is  asserted,  will  be  a  short  one.  _  _  _  Export  froM  Canton,  from  July  I,  1853,  to  September  26,1853  ..  .  .  Export  from  Shanghai,  from  Ju!y  I,  1853,  to  September  22,  1853  ..  11,5p0n,000  5,500,000  17,000,i  00  Export  from  Canton,  from  July  I,  1852,  to  beptember  1852  Export  from  Shanghai,  from  Ju:y  I,  1852,  to  September  22,  1852  ..  .•  ••  ••  I3,7)0,000  9,300,c  00  23,n00,000  Exchange  on  England  deeined  suddenly  from  6s.  Id  ta  ss.  Iod  ,  six  months'  sight  bills,  on  India  opened  at  295  r.,  but  tills  are  now  he'd  at  270  r.  Freights  to  England  —Vessels  to  complete  lading  have  accepted  2  2s.  Bullion.—Sycee  silver,  2.5  taels  premium  per  eent.  ;  gold  I  60e.  dols.  per  tad.  Our  advices  from  Shanghai  are  to  the  22nd  instant.  The  surprisal  and  capture  of  that  city  on  the  morning  of  the  7th  instant,  by  a  mob,  composed  of  men  from  different  quarters,  stopped  complet  , STYLE=superscript  ly  the  import  trade.  In  exports  the  trans  actions  had  been  large.  and  there  was  more  facility  offered  to  purchasers.  Tea.  Previous  to  the  7th  little  had  been  done,  since  the  teamen  evinced  anxiety  to  sell,  but  parties  were  as  eager  to  buy,  and  prices  were  m.iintained.  Of  black  tea  about  60  chops  had  been  settled,  and  :14000  plekages  of  green.  Silk.—The  shipments  to  date  are  heavy,  but  late  ones  were  from  previous  settlements.  few  transactions  having  been  entered  into  since  the  distnrbances.  Quotation:  were  nominal.  It  is  difficult  to  form  a  correct  opinion  as  to  supply  as  it  will  depend  in  a  grea  t  measure  on  the  order  maint  a  i  ne  d  in  the  neighbourho  KI  of  Shanghai,  from  whance  the  silk  districts  are  not  distant.  The  export  from  China  to  date  is  estimated  at  17,700  bales.  Long  Cloths  For  small  quantities  sales  had  been  made  up  to  the  7th  instant  at  I  10e.  dols.  to  I  15e,  dols.  forlight  grays.  Exchange  on  England  nominal,  at  7s.  2d.;  Ind  a,  for  less  accepted  paper,  :qr.  quoted.  Bullio  ,, STYLE=superscript  .—Sycee  silver  had  declined  to  110  dols;  gold  fluctuated  and  was  as  high  as  *.!.19  dols  :  the  last  quotati  ins  was  20v  dols.  Freights  to  England  .e  2  to  2  10s.  The  NORTHERN  DAILY  published  at  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  a  paper  displaying  intelligence  and  enterpriv,  reason reasonably  ably reasonably  0  Tempera  !  0  Mayor  !  So  the  ex-chief  magistrate  of  Liverpool,  upon  his  own  testimony,  had  not,  until  Monday  evening  last,  been  aware  of  the  existence  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  And  this  in  the  year  of  our  Lord  eighteen  fifty-three,  when  Mayors  do  read  and  Alder Aldermen  men Aldermen  can  sign  their  names  Times.  LIVERPOOL  STEWARD'S  MUTUAL  BENr  - STYLE=superscript  rrm  Y  .-  On  Saturday  we  were  wren  a  copy  of  the  rules  of  rho  I.;  steward's  Mutual  Benefit  Society,  which  has  been  in  existence  since  July  last.  The  objects  of  the  Society  are  to  ensure  the  payment  of  a  certain  sum  on  the  death  of  a  member,  and  for  the  weekly  payments  to  members  during  illness.  Tho  object  of  this  society  is  exceedingly  praise praiseworthy,  worthy, praiseworthy,  and.  0..  „  its  rules  renderit  and  regulations  highlyflc  b  beneficial  wellalto  h  adaptedtose  h  w  t  o  o  may  become  connected  1111,h  if  The  Society  has  already  made  very  great  progress  and  its  ultuudt...,,peess  cannot  be  doubted.  The  number  of  paid  and  honorary  men  of  this  Society  is  now  very  large,  and  it  behoves  every  Steward  connected  with  the  port,  who  consults  his  own  interests,  to  give  his  adhesion  to  the  Liverpool  Steward's  Mutual  Benefit  Society.  On  Friday  night  the  office  of  Messrs.  Harrison,  Brereton,  and  Co.  Sir  Thomas's  Buildings,  was  entered  by  means  of  false  keys.  An  attempt  was  made  to  blow  open  a  safe,  which  was  unsuccessful.  ACCIDENT  AT  A  DYE-WORKS.—An  inquest  WAS  held  be before  fore before  Mr.  Edward  Herford,  coroner  for  the  city  of  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  at  the  Balloon  public-house,  Rochdale-road,  on  Friday,  touching  the  death  of  Richard  Bolton,  late  of  18,  Back  Dyke  z  , STYLE=superscript  treet,  Rochdale-road,  dyer,  aged  47  years,  leaving  a  wife  and  two  children.  John  Mc'lroy,  of  Hargrove-street,  stated  that  he  worked  for  Mr.  Vaughan,  dyer,  and  that  the  deceased  was  in  the  same  employ.  About  three  weeks  or  a  month  ago  witness  and  the  deceased  were  putting  pieces  down  into  the  boiler,  and  deceased  stood  upon  tie  edge,  which  was  slippery,  so  that  if  a  person  slipped  at  all,  he  was  sure  to  go  into  the  boiler.  The  overlooker  came  to  him,  and  told  him  to  come  down,  as  it  was  dangerous  to  be  where  he  was,  and  that  he  ought  to  have  stood  on  the  footway  between  the  two  boilers.  The  deceased  replied  that  there  was  no  danger,  as  he  had  not  his  clogs  on.  He  then  fell  into  the  boiler;  witness  did  not  see  him  at  first  for  the  smoke,  but  he  shouted,  and  witness  pulled  him  out  as  quickly  as  he  could.  His  clothes  were  then  taken  off,  and  cold  water  thrown  upon  him.  Mr.  Joseph  Vaughan,  dyer  stated  that  he  caught  the  deceased  standing  on  the  edge  of  the  boiler  several  times  ;  had  as  often  cautioned  him  aga  i  ns  t  suc  h  a  practice,  and  made  him  come  off.  Verdict  Accidents.  THE  LASSES.  - STYLE=superscript  -Outwardly  as  fair  as  the  lily,  and  inwardly  extra  jewelled  with  virtue,  she  walks  abroad,  a  living  speci specimen  men specimen  of  the  last,  the  best,  and  the  most  lovely  of  all  nature's  works.  Yes,  my  friends,  the  lasses  are  the  loveliest  of  all  breathing  objects,  but  amazingly  susceptible  o  f  b  e  i  ng  so  il  e  d  and  put  out  of  kilter  for  life.  Oh,  that  man  should  make  toys  of  them  for  a  while,  then  use  them  like  horses,  and  after afterwards  wards afterwards  treat  them  like  dogs  !  Her  beauty  should  be  her  shield,  and  her  weakness  her  weapon.  In  me,  nevertheless,  the  lasses  may  ever  expect  to  find  a  valiant  protector,  and  a  steady  friend.  I  will  stick  by  them,  stick  up  for  them,  and  stick  up  to  them,  so  long  as  there  is  anything  sticky  in  the  first  principles  of  love,  admiration,  and  respect;  and  if  any  scamp  in  my  congregation  dare  oppose  me,  I  will  wollup  hint  with  such  a  cudgel  of  pastoral  reproof  as  is  not  bran brandished  dished brandished  by  every  expounder  of  the  Gospel  and  good  manners.  So  mote  it  be  !—Yankee  Humour  and  Uncle  Sam's  F  14.1.  LLANDUDNO.—Great  Ormes  Head.—There  appears  to  be  every  prospect  that  the  railway  to  this  place  (for  which,  as  well  as  the  formation  of  a  harbour,  an  act  was  obtained  last  session)  will  be  commenced  forthwith.  The  line  we  hear  is  intended  to  branch  off  on  the  Chester  and  Holyhead  line..  not  far  from  the  old  Conway  ferry  house,  thence  along  the  shore  through  a  tunnel  on  the  eastern  side  of  Treganway  mansion,  along  the  warrens  on  a  gentle  curve  under  Macsdu  farm,  to  within  about  one  hundred  yards  of  Mostyn-street,  near  Clonmel-street.  Ultimately  the  terminus  will  be  under  Fach,  where  it  is  intended  to  inclose  some  acres  of  the  beach,  to  be  filled  up  so  as  to  form  a  fine  platform  for  a  railway  and  packet  station,  wharfage,  &amp;c.  It  was  reported  in  the  early  part  of  the  week  that  the  line  would  be  com completed  pleted completed  by  next  summer.  Great  activity  is  going  on  in  building  at  Llandudno,  as  well  as  in  the  committee  appointed  a  short  time  ago  to  prepare  the  improvement  bill,  so  that  altogether  everything  looks  well  for  the  prosperity  of  the  place  and  those  embarked  in  building  speculations,  as  the  above  public  undertakings  must  greatly  add  to  and  enhance  the  value  of  property.  TIM  RECENT  ATTEMPT  TO  COMMIT  SUICICIDE  IN  SALFORD.  —Yesterday,  at  the  Salford  Borough  Court,  the  woman,  Margaret  Thilston,  who  recently  made  an  a  tt  empt  to  drown  hersef  in  the  Irwell,  opposite  the  New  Bailey,  was  again  brought  before  the  magistrates.  Mr.  Trafford  said  there  was  a  medical  certificate  which  stated  that  she  was  of  sane  mind,  which  he  should  not  have  thought  would  be  the  case  from  the  determined  attempt  she  had  made  to  drown  herself.  He  asked  the  prisoner  where  she  lived,  and  she  replied  in  Oldfield-lane.  lie  then  directed  her  to  be  taken  to  the  relieving  officer  for  that  district,  and  her  destitute  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  to  be  stated  to  him.  THINGS  WE  DON'T  ITNDERSTAND.--We  don't  under understand  stand understand  why  a  man  calls  his  house  Oak  when  there  isn't  an  oak  within  three  miles  of  his  residence.  We  don't  understand  why  the  play-bills  speak  of  a  piece  having  achieved  a  triumphant  success,  when  it  is  well  known  that  it  has  been  unequivocally  damned.  We  don't  understand  why  a  man  always  turns  red  in  the  face  when  he  mounts  the  roof  of  an  omnibus.  We  don't  understand  why  an  .  author,  who  professes  to  dislike  pref  aces  ,  i  nv  ariably  writes  one.  We  don't  understand  why  an  actor  never  wears  Ins  hat  like  other  people.  We  don't  understand  why  .  a  person  can't  visit  America,  and  come  back,  without  writing  a  b  oo  k.  W  e  don't  understand  why  popular  vocalists  never  sing  the  words  to  their  music.  We  don't  understand  why  champagne  should  be  half  a  guinea  a  bottle.  And,  finally,  we  don't  j  understand  a  Scotchman's  j  okes.—DioOnes.  THE  TURN-OUTS  IN  THE  MANUFAC MANUFACTURING  TURING MANUFACTURING  DISTRICTS.  PRESTON.  FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  PRESTON,  NOVEMBER  12  _  There  is  no  change  in  the  aspect  of  'this  calamitous  dis dispute.  pute. dispute.  Despite  many  adverse  circumstances,  f`he:  operatives  are  in  weekly  receipt  of  an  increasing  amount  of  pecuniary  aid,  and  though  a  large  proportion  of  them  must  be  in  ex extreme  treme extreme  destitution,  they  continue  to  exhibit  a  spirit  of  firm firmness  ness firmness  and  determination,  combined  with  a  strict  ob observance  servance observance  of  the  law.  On  the  other  hand,  it  is  said  that  the  manufacturers  of  this  town,  do  not  contemplate  re-open re-opening  ing re-opening  their  mills  on  this  side  of  Christmas  ;  many  of  them  being  indisposed  in  the  present  state  of  trade,  to  resume  labour  on  any  terms.  This  afternoon,  the  unemployed  had  a  meeting  in  the  orchard.  Although  the  weather  was  very  inclement,  about  5,000  people  were  present.  Mr.  Brown,  (of  Blackburn,)  who  presided,  announced  that  one  of  their  eaders,  Mr.  E.  Singlehurst,  was  engaged  in  the  preparation  of  a  memorial  to  the  Home  Secretary,  which  would  be  ready  in  a  few  days,  and  would  then  be  issued  to  the  world.  Mr.  W.  Beevers  argued  from  the  Bible  that  combinations  were  right  and  just  ;  quoting  these  among  other  passages  from  the  Sacred  volume  :  ye  and  thy  neighbour  as  Mr.  Watson  having  addressed  the  meeting,  the  chairman  remarked  that  if  ministers  of  reli religion  gion religion  of  every  sect  and  creed  would  preach  one  charity  ser sermon  mon sermon  each  for  the  benefit  of  the  factory  operatives  of  Pres Preston,  ton, Preston,  they  would  do  more  good  than  had  been  accomplished  by  all  the  sermons  they  had  preached  this  year.  The  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  commenced  at  three  and  closed  at  half-past  four.  CLOSING  OF  THE  BURY  COTTON  FACTORIES.  All  the  mills  of  the  associated  masters  in  this  town,  ex except  cept except  three,  closed  on  Friday,  and  about  6,250  more  opera operatives  tives operatives  are  consequently  deprived  of  employment  by  lock 'lockout'  on  the  part  of  their  employers;  and  three  other  mills,  employing  1,200  hands,  will  close  on  the  16th  inst.  The  operatives  of  Bury  formed  thoir  union  about  three  months  ago,  and  gave  notice  of  their  intention  to  strike  unless  an  advance  was  conceded.  The  masters  then  replied  by  the  following  notice  :  Notice  is  hereby  given,  that  an  association  of  the  mill millowners  owners millowners  in  the  township  of  Bury  has  been  formed  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  consideration  the  demands  made  upon  them  in  respect  of  wages,  and  to  support  each  other  against  all  such  as  they  consider  unreasonable  in  any  manner  they  may  consider  most  They  subsequently  issued  the  following  further  notice:—  We,  the  undersigned  members  of  the  Bury  Cotton-spin Cotton-spinners,  ners, Cotton-spinners,  and  Manufacturers'  Association,  do  hereby  agree  that  we  will  cease  working  unless  all  disputes  now  existing  be between  tween between  the  operatives  who  are  on  strike  and  their  masters  who  are  members  of  the  said  association  be  arranged  in  the  mean meantime  time meantime  to  the  satisfaction  of  the  committee  of  such  (Here  followed  the  signatures.)  The  following  is  a  list  of  the  mills  which  have  closed,  with  an  approximate  estimate  of  the  number  of  hands  employed,  and  the  number  of  bags  of  cotton  consumed  by  each.  The  numbers  will  not  be  exact,  but  are  the  nearest  that  could  be  obtained  :  Walker  and  Lomax,  1,600  operatives,  100  bags  of  cotton;  S.  and  T.  Ashton,  400  operatives,  50  bags  •  James  Openshaw  and  Brother,  900  operatives,  100  bags;  bags;  and  Grun Grundy,  dy, Grundy,  600  operatives,  60  bags  ;  John  Walker,  500  operatives,  50  bags  ;  James  Howorth  and  Son,  400  operatives,  40  bags;  Rylands  and  Sons,  450  operatives,  60  bags;  John  Alcock  and  Co.,  400  operatives,  40  bags;  Hutchinson  and  Openshaw,  200  operatives,  40  bags  ;  Richard  Wild,  300  operatives,  30  bags  ;  W.  Wild  and  Brothers,  300  operatives,  30  bags  ;  T.  and  R.  Greenhalgh,  500  operatives,  40  bags  ;  W.  Wanklyn,  jun.,  150  operatives,  30  bags;  Nicholas  Milnes,  50  opera operatives,  tives, operatives,  10  bags  ;  W.  Warburton,  50  operatives,  20  bags  ;  and  Livesey  and  Ashton,  50  operatives.  This  gives  a  total  of  about  6,250  operatives  and  700  bags.  The  following  mills  will  close  on  the  16th  inst.  :  —Wil —William  liam —William  Kay  and  Sons,  25  bags  ;  Thomas  Calrow  and  Sons,  90  bags  ;  and  J.  It.  Calrow,  10  bags.  The  number  of  hands  employed  by  these  mills  is  about  1,200.  The  employers  have  received  all  communications  from  the  operatives  courteously,  and  the  committee  of  employers,  in  consequence  of  a  note  that  a  deputation  of  workpeople  were  desirous  to  see  them,  called  a  meeting  on  Wednesday  to  receive  them.  On  the  arrival  of  the  deputation,  however,  they  intimated  to  their  employers  that  they  had  no  overture  to  make;  their  object  being  to  see  if  the  employers  were  desirous  of  making  any  concession.  Being  assured  that  the  employers  had  no  concession  make,  they  withdrew.  In  Bury,  as  in  other  places,  a  reduction  of  ten  per  cent.  was  made  by  the  employers  ;  but  the  manager  of  one  of  these  mills  offered  to  prove  by  his  books,  that  this  was  not  a  real  reduc reduction  tion reduction  of  the  actual  earnings  of  their  workpeople,  but  that,  in  fact,  they  had  since  been  earning  10  to  12  per  cent.  more  money,  while  at  the  same  time  their  labour  had  been  reduced  by  nine  hours  per  week.  Some  of  the  girls  in  the  mills  earn  10s.  to  12s.  per  week  ;  and  others,  able  to  attend  to  four  looms  each,  earn  16s.  to  18s.  per  week.  It  is  no  unusual  thin°.  for  a  girl  of  15  or  16  years,  to  husbandry  more  wages  r  „ STYLE=superscript  thor_  who  is  employed  in  or  other  spade  labour  ;  and  so  mum  ‘1,.:  prafer  factory  work  to  any  other,  that  domestic  servants  are  difficult  to  procure  in  the  town,  and  many  people  have  to  seek  them  in  the  agricultural  districts,  or  from  Ireland."
