text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  IRELAND  [FROM  OUR  OWN  conansroNnENr.]  DUBLIN,  FRIDAY.  The  annual  dinner  of  the  Licensed  Victuallers'  Association  was  rendered  more  interesting  than  ususal  yesterday,  by  the  attendance  of  several  notabilities.  The  lord  mayor,  himself  a  member  of  the  body,  occupied  the  chair,  and  was  supported  by  a  number  of  members  of  parliament,  alder aldermen,  men, aldermen,  town  councillors,  and  other  citizens  of  respec respectability.  tability. respectability.  Mr.  Dargan  was  also  present.  When  the  health  of  this  last-named  gentleman  was  pro-  posed,  he  said—My  lord  mayor  and  gentlemen,  I  am  always  delighted  to  be  amongst  my  fellow fellowcitizens,  citizens, fellowcitizens,  but  I  certainly  did  not  expect  any  such  reception  as  that  with  which  I  have  been  greeted  to-night,  and  the  manner  in  which  you  have  re responded  sponded responded  to  the  kind  notice  which  the  lord  mayor  has  taken  of  my  name  quite  overpowers  me,  and  renders  me  incapable  of  responding  adequately.  (Applause.)  But,  at  the  same  time,  while  1  deeply  and  sincerely  thank  you,  and  while  I  am  proud  and  gratified  to  see  such  a  manifestation  of  feeling  towards  me,  I  also  prize  it,  value  it,  and  am  still  more  deeply  impressed  with  simple  gratitude  and  sincere  feeling.  (Applause.)  The  lord  mayor  in  proposing  my  health  which  you  have  so  kindly  and  generously  responded  to,  coupled  it  with  the  sentiment  of  industrial  That  is  a  sentiment  which  I  greatly  admire  and  value  —I  think  it  is  one  that  properly  felt  for,  and  feel feelingly  ingly feelingly  acted  upon,  will  always  be  an  advantage  to  those  who  possess  it.  (Loud  applause.)  I  believe  that  perseverance,  simple  right,  an  intelligent  mind,  and  industrious  labour  will  always  obtain  indus industrial  trial industrial  independence.  (Applause.)  I  never  hear  the  name  of  independence  mentioned  but  my  own  country  and  my  own  fellow-townsmen  at  once  occur  to  my  mind.  I  have  heard  a  great  deal  about  the  independence  that  we  were  to  derive  from  this,  that,  and  the  other  place,  and  of  the  great  expectations  we  were  to  have  from  the  people  of  other  countries  coming  amongst  us.  But  while  I  value  and  prize,  as  much  as  any  man  living,  the  great  advantages  that  can  and  must  result  from  that  intercourse—much  of  which  has  happened  to  us  this  year—l  never  was  more  deeply  im impressed  pressed impressed  with  any  feeling  than  this,  that  our  indus  trial  independence  must  be  dependent  on  our ourselves.  selves. ourselves.  (Continued  applause.)  Ido  believe  that  from  simple  industry  and  careful  exactness  in  the  prosecution  of  our  energies—of  which  our  people  have  so  much—a  fairer  chance,  nor  a  brighter  prospect  has  never  arisen  than  we  have  at  present.  I  do  sincerely  trust  that  our  bright  prospect  will  not  reduce  our  energies  or  our  labours.  We  have  made  but  one  step,  but  that  perseverance  which  I  have  before  alluded  to  as  a  great  agent  of  success,  will  cause  us  to  prbsecute  our  endeavours,  and  finally  arrive,  as  we  could,  and  I  firmly  believe  we  will,  within  a  short  period,  at  a  position  of  equal  comfort,  equal  happiness,  and  equal  just  pride  with  any  other  people.  I  have  been  for  a  very  long  time  listening  to  the  pity  that  was  given  to  us,  but  I  hope  I  will  never  hear  of  that  again.  (Deafening  applause.)  I  am  most  sincerely  and  deeply  grateful  to  you,  and  I  beg  to  return  you  my  best  and  most  heartfelt  thanks.  (Mr.  Dargan  re resumed  sumed resumed  his  seat  amidst  prolonged  applause.)  KELLY  V.  BIRCH.—This  .case,  so  much  canvassed,  came  on  again  yesterday  in  the  chancery  court.  You  are  aware  that  Mrs.  Kelly,  the  party  complain  ing,  alleges  that  the  defendant,  who  acted  as  her  solicitor  and  agent  in  money  affairs,  had  appro  priated  to  his  own  use  several  thousand  pounds  entrusted  to  him  by  her  for  the  purpose  of  invest investment  ment investment  on  her  account.  Mr.  Sergeant  Christian  was  heard  for  the  respondent,  and  contended  that  the  money  alleged  to  have  been  embezzled  was  a  free  gift,  and  made  over  to  Birch  when  the  case  of  Thewles  v.  Kelly  was  pending,  that  it  might  not  be  impounded  in  case,  it  was  decided  that  Miss  Thewles  was  the  rightful  possessor  of  Mr.  Edmund  Kelly's  demised  property.  After  hearing  Mr.  Hughes,  Q.  C.,  for  the  petitioner,  the  Lord  Chan Chancellor  cellor Chancellor  decided  on  granting  a  re-hearing  of  the  peti petition,  tion, petition,  confining  the  respondent  to  the  question  of  gift,  and  not  permitting  auy  allusion  to  the  alleged  illegal  assignment,  The  criminal  proceedings  against  Birch  conies  on  to-day.  In  the  court  of  Queen's  bench  an  action  has  been  tried,  in  which  Mr.  Edward  Swords,  a  highly  re respectable  spectable respectable  gentleman'  was  plaintiff,  against  Mr.  Dycer,  the  well-known  livery  stables  proprietor  and  horse  dealer.  It  was  for  injuries  caused  to  the  plaintiff  by  a  carriage  having  been  driven  over  kiln  by  defendant's  servants.  Mr.  Swords,  an  old  luau  of  seventy,  had  sustained  very  serious  hurts.  He  had  been  confined  to  his  bed  for  three  months,  and  afterwards  he  was  attacked  by  a  cancer,  which  was  said  to  be  developed  by  some  bruises  he  had  received  from  the  injuries  inflicted.  On  this  last  point  there,  was  not  sufficient  evidence  ;  but  for  the  other  injuries,  the  jury  found  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  £5O,  in  addition  to  £5O  already  lodged  in  court  INCUMBERED  ESTATES  COURT.—The  estates  of  Robert  Otway,  Esq.,  county  Tipperary,  were  yester yesterday  day yesterday  sold  by  the  Incumbered  Estates  Commis Commissioners,  sioners, Commissioners,  and  realised  £21,050,  being  twenty-four  years'  purchase.  AWFULLY  SUDDEN  DEATH.—A  respectable  farmer,  named  Webb,  residing  at  Dunmanway,  County  of  Cork,  whilst  walking  in  the  street  of  that  town  a  few  hours  after  his  marriage,  suddenly  fell  on  his  . STYLE=superscript  face  and  was  taken  up  dead.  Francis  Spaight,  Esq.,  the  esteemed  shipowner,  was  declared  elected  Mayor  of  Limerick,  yesterday.  The  legality  of  the  election  has,  however  been  chal challenged  lenged challenged  by  his  opponent,  Alderman  Watson,  who  threatens  to  bring  the  matter  before  the  Queen's  bench.  AN  IRISH  METHOD  OF  SUPPRESSING  PUSEYISM----A  correspondent  of  theßanner  of  Ulster,who  signs  him himself  self himself  1  A  writes  thus  During  the  past  week,  the  usually  quiet  town  of  Killileagh  has  been  the  scene  of  no  little  commotion,  an  event  having  occurred  there  which  has  disturbed  the  compla compla.cency  .cency compla.cency  of  many  of  its  high  church  folks,  and  tickled  the  humour  of  its  Presbyterian  population.  A  few  months  since,  the  worthy  rector  of  Killileagh  im imported  ported imported  an  English  curate  to  assist  him  in  his  parish.  The  new  arrival,  pitying  the  defective  spirituality  of  the  souls  of  his  cure,  thought  fit,  after  the  Pu Puseyite  seyite Puseyite  fashion  of  his  own  country,  to  ornament  his  back,  during  the  services,  with  an  addition  to  his  ordinary  vestments  of  what  is  generally  known  among  the  people  as  a  goat-skin,  but  which  is  eccle ecclesiastically  siastically ecclesiastically  styled  a  hood.  This  innovation  did  not  excite  much  dissatisfaction,  as  the  appendage  and  the  person  seemed  to  suit  each  other;  but  when  the  rector  himself,  at  the  instance  of  his  theologi theological  cal theological  supplement,  presented  himself  to  his  congre  gation  dressed  in  a  red  hood,  not  a  few  felt  highly  affsgriovoa  at  the  oisht  mU  indignant  at  the  cause.  They  fancied  they  beheld  mystic  Baby Babylon  lon Babylon  in  the  scarlet  of  their  pastor,  and,  resolving  to  have  no  fellowship  with  the  works  of  dark darkness,  ness, darkness,  they  protested  against  what  they  considered  popish  innovation,  and  left  the  church.  Such  was  the  prevailing  state  of  feeling  in  Killileagh  when,  a  short  time  ago,  a  powerful  lecture  was  de devered  vered devered  there  by  Mr.  Alexander  Field,  a  native  of  the  place,  on  the  Puritans  of  England,  in  which  the  puritanic  aversion  to  the  episcopal  vestments,  and  among  them  the  hood,  was  defended,  and  the  popish  character  of  the  garment  fully  exposed.  It  seems  that  this  had  the  effect  of  rousing  into  action  the  protesting  puritanism  of  the  high  church  congregation,  for,  on  Sabbath  week,  one  or  more  of  them  entered  the  vestry,  and  left  the  '  mystic  Babylon'  of  the  rector's  hood  a  spectacle  of  shreds  and  patches.  A  vestry  has  since  been  held  to  in investigate  vestigate investigate  the  matter,  but  who  the  offending  parties  are  has  not  been  discovered.  A  reward,  it  is  said,  is  about  to  be  offered  to  find  them  -  MORALITY  IN  EMIGRANT  SHIPS.—The  Freeman  of  to-day  says  :—An  emigrant  ship  has,  it  appears,  been  recently  driven  back  by  contrary  winds  to  an  Irish  port,  after  having  almost  reached  its  destina destination  tion destination  beyond  the  Atlantic  ;  and  we  may  easily  sup suppose  pose suppose  that  the  miseries  endured  by  its  living  freight,  tossed  upon  the  ocean  for  some  ten  or  twelve  weeks,  must  have  been  painful  in  an  extreme  degree.  But  to  the  ordinary  miseries  that  were  to  be  expected  on  such  an  occasion,  others,  of  a  de description  scription description  we  should  hope  less  usual,  were  added.  Among  the  passengers  it  appears  that  some  women  of  an  infamous  character  were  admitted,  and  the  conduct  of  these  wretched  persons,  and  of  others  equally  wicked  with  themselves  of  the  other  sex,  was  such  as  filled  the  moral  portion  of  those  on  board  with  the  utmost  horror.  We  are  assured  that  scenes  of  debauchery  were  witnessed  on  board  too  abominable  to  be  described.  Mr.  J.  N.  Murphy  (liberal)  has  been  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  cleated  Mayor  of  Cork  for  1804.  THE  HO  I'.  AND  .REV.  BAPTIST  21  7 STYLE=superscript  0  EL  AND  PROTESTANT  MISSIONS,  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  SIR,  —During  the  short  time  I  have  subscribed  to  your  paper,  I  have  welcomed  its  appearance  on  my  breakfast  table  with  increasing  pleasure.  I  was  glad  to  observe,  as  I  thought,  signs  of  life  and  vigour  about  it,  which  led  me  to  hope  that  a  star  of  no  ordinary  magnitude  had  appeared  in  these  northern  latitudes,  to  throw  a  clear  and  steady  light  over  our  commercial  and  political  horizon.  But  these  anticipations  were  ,  destined  to  a  sudden  and  unexpected  obscuration.  On  the  morning  'of  the  27th  instant,  I  found  an  article  on  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  B.  Noel's  address  on  Protestant  Missions  in  France,  which  for  flippant  reasoning,  intem intemperate  perate intemperate  language,  I  have  rarely  seen  excelled  in  any  of  our  provincial  papers.  It  is  not  my  object  to  defend  Mr.  Noel.  His  character,  both  as  a  writer  and  divine,  occupies  too  lofty  a  position  to  be  much  affected  either  by  censure  or  praise%  while  his  noble  renunciation  of  place  and  emolument  in  the  Establishment  at  the  call  of  duty,  ought  to  command  for  him  the  respect  and  esteem  of  every  right-minded  individual.  Neither  is  it  my  inten intention  tion intention  to  defend  the  address  he  delivered  on  the  occasion  of  his  recent  visit.  Of  course,  if  any  one  expected,  as  you  appear  to  have  done,  a  graphic  sketch  of  men  and  it  is  not  surpris surprising  ing surprising  that  you  should  be  disappointed,  as  he  only  professed  to  give  information  on  the  state  of  reli religion  gion religion  on  the  continent.  Perhaps  this  may  also  account  for  your  styling  it  a  rhapsodical  dis 'discourse,'  savouring  too  much  conventicle  What  may  be  the  precise  meaning  of  the  latter  phrase,  perhaps  you  would  kindly  ex explain,  plain, explain,  for  the  benefit  of  you  dissenting  readers  who  might  readily  retort  that  it  is  quite  as  easy  to  twaddle  in  the  pages  of  a  newspaper  as  in  a  conventicle.  •  But  you  proceed  to  ridicule  the  idea  of  attempt attempting  ing attempting  to  alienate  the  Catholics  in  France  from  their  allegiance  to  the  Pope;  and  you  add,  that  while  we  formerly  laughed  at  the  Pope  for  seeking  to  make  us  Catholics,  we  have  now  fairly  turned  the  laugh  against  ourselves  by  seeking  to  make  them  Protestants.  It  is  true,  indeed,  that  the  grandilo grandiloquent  quent grandiloquent  language  of  the  Pope's  bull,  in  which  he  claimed  the  whole  territory  of  England  as  his  own  ecclesiastical  province,  excited  a  smile  in  those  who  knew  how  little  ground  there  was  for  such  pretensions.  But  it  is  quite  a  different  affair  with  the  legitimate  efforts  of  the  Romish  church  to  extend  its  boundaries.  Instead  of  exciting  ridicule,  they  ought  to  command  respect,  and  induce  those  who  deem  it  a  system  fraught  with  fatal  error,  to  redoubled  eflbrts  on  behalf  of  a  purer  creed.  My  chief  object,  however,  in  writing,  is  to  call  your  attention  to  that  portion  of  your  article  in  which  you  denounce  all  missionary  efforts  on  the  plea  that  all  our  exertions  are  required  to  remove  the  ignorance,  vice,  and  misery  of  our  home-popu home-population.  lation. home-population.  lam  aware  this  is  a  very  popular  notion;  btit  it  is  as  hollow  as  any  fallacy  abroad  in  society.  It  is  founded  on  the  assumption  that  if  the  funds  now  devoted  to  missions  abroad  were  withdrawn,  they  would  all  flow  into  streams  of  charity  at  home.  But  this  is  contrary  both  to  reason  and  experience.  To  reason,  because  the  principle  of  benevolence  is  strengthened,  not  weaken weakened,  ed, weakened,  by  exercise,  and  the  more  we  help  our  fellow fellowcreatures  creatures fellowcreatures  in  distant  lands,  the  more  are  we  inclined  to  alleviate  the  wants  of  our  own  countrymen.  It  is  also  contrary  to  experience,  for  who  are  the  parties  who  arefound  establishing  day-schools--teaching  the  chil children  dren children  of  the  poor  from  sabbath  to  sabbath—sending  the  town  missionary  and  ,scripture  reader  into  every  nook  and  alley  of  our  large  towns—diving  into  the  lowest  haunts  of  poverty  and  vice,  and  training  the  offspring  of  the  drunkard  and  thief  to  habits  of  honest  industry  ?  Who,  but  the  very  men  who  are  seeking  to  reclaim  the  savage  from  the  cruel  superstitions  and  degrading  habits  of  heathen heathenism  ism heathenism  !  If  this  be  true  of  individuals,  it  is  equally  true  of  nations.  The  same  country  which  supports  the  largest  army  of  missionaries,  and  which  struck  the  fetters  from  the  slave,  is  the  country  where  more  benevolent  attention  fis  paid  to  the  wants  of  the  humbler  classes  than  any  other  in  Europe.  For  proof  of  this  you  have  only  to  consult  Samp Sampson  son Sampson  Low's  book  on  the  charities  of  London,  where  you  will  see  a  collection  of  institutions  and  societies  for  the  benefit  of  the  poor,  such  as  never  before  were  collected  in  any  city  in  the  world.  There  is  not  an  ill  that  flesh  is  Their  but  you  will  here  find  an  institution  specially  adapted  for  its  re removal  moval removal  or  mitigation,  and  these  institutions  are  sup supported  ported supported  by  voluntary  contributions  ;  to  the  amount  of  hundreds  of  thousands  of  pounds  annually.  Indeed  so  much  is  this  the  case;  as  to  strike  every  foreigner  with  astonishment,  one  of  whom  was  led  to  remark  the  English  build  their  poor poorhouses  houses poorhouses  like  palaces,  and  their  palaces  like  So  far  from  its  being  a  ground  of  complaint,  that  too  little  is  done  for  the  poor,  it  has  become  a  serious  question  with  many  whether  we  are  not  overdone  with  charity  in  the  present  day.  Bedford,  for  example,  is  pauperised  by  its  69  •  charities.  The  true  way  to  elevate  the  masses  is  not  to  teach  them  to  look  to  societies  ;or  institutions  or  parish  unions  in  the  hour  of  want;  but  to  inculcate  the  virtues  of  temperance,  economy,  and  self-reliance.  Let  us  by  all  means  do  what  we  can  to  banish  want  and  wretchedness  from  our  midst,  but  let  us  never  suppose  that  the  performance  of  this  duty  releases  us  from,  or  is  compatible  with,  the  dis discharge  charge discharge  of  our  obligations  to  enlighten  ignorance  and  alleviate  human  suffering,  under  whatever  clime  it  may  be  found.  The  one  we  ought  to  do,  but  not  to  leave  the  other  undone.—l  am,  yours  .espectfully.  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE.  FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.  PRESTON,  FRIDAY  EVENING.—Mr.  Cowell  having  returned  from  London  to-day,  a  meeting  was  convened  in  the  Orchard  this  afternoon,  to  afford  him  an  opportnnity  of  giving  some  account  of  his  metropolitan  mission,  The  CHAIRMAN  (Mr.  Waddington)  having  offered  a  few  introductory  remarks,  Mr.  COWELL  presented  himself  and  was  greeted  with  general  acclamations.  He  gave  an  account  of  his  interviews  with  the  representatives  of  the  various  trades,  stating  that  he  found  them  unanimously  determined  to  render  assistance  to  the  operatives  of  Preston,  and  not  to  allow  them  to  be  crushed.  At  one  of  their  meetings  in  London,  a  friend  rose  and  urged  that  the  Preston  operatives  should  co-operate.  A  succeeding  speaker  said  it  was  of  no  use  talking  of  them  about  co-operation  now  ;  they  wanted  brass,'  and  brass  they  must  have.  Let  them  talk  about  co-operation  after  their  dispute  was  settled.  The  Preston  operatives  were  struggling  against  a  united  power,  but  it  was  against  the  accursed  power  of  the  The  masters  asso association  ciation association  hadelli  nn  *  uu  im,  tnat  placard  tuey  offere  a  notice,  to  the  effect  that  all  who  choose  to  resume  work  at  the  prices  paid  in  March  last  coulddo  so.  This  was  the  great  testing  point  of  the  whole  agitation.  Would  the  men  return  to  their  work  ?  (  No).  The  fate,  not  only  of  themselves,  but  of  their  neighbours,  depended  upon  their  action  at  this  crisis.  If  they  succumbed  posterity  would  curse  them,  and  their  children's  children  would  never  forgive  them.  Let  the  masters  but  give  the  prices  they  were  paying  when  they  locked  up  their  mills,  and  they  would  find  plenty  of  hands  ready  to  go  to  work.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  J.  BOWMAN  exhorted  his  hearers  not  to  resume  labour  on  the  terms  proposed  by  the  masters.  He  was  not  one  of  those  who  believed  that  trade  was  so  bad  as  was  represented  by  the  interested  portion  of  the  community.  He  would  not  say  that  it  was  so  good  at  present  as  it  was  in  June  or  July;  but  it  was  good  enough  at  all  times  for  masters  in  other  dis districts  tricts districts  to  pay  their  hands  from  five  to  seven  per  cent  more  than  was  given  in  Preston.  (Hear,  hear).  The  meeting  concluded  with  three  cheers  for  the  ten  per  cent.  STABBING.—At  the  police-court,  yesterday,  a  man  of  dissipated  appearance,  named  Chapman,  was  charged  with  stabbing  a  person  named  John  M'Bride,  on  Saturday  night  last.  The  prisoner  stated,  in  reply  to  the  bench,  that  the  complainant  had  struck  him  first.  A  witness  was  here  pro produced,  duced, produced,  who  stated  that  the  prisoner  first  began  the  attack,  and  that  he  (witness)  had  had  his  coat  cut  an  attempt  which  the  prisoner  had  made  to  stab  him  also.  Mr.  Tracy  fined  the  prisoner  in  61.  and  costs,  or  in  default  payment,  ordered  him  to  be  imprisoned  for  two  months,  remarking  that  he  must  be  an  assassin,  or  he  would  not  have  made  such  an  attack  as  he  had  done.—N.  B.  Hail.  IMPORTANT  TO  RAILWAY  CONTRACTORS.—A  case  of  con considerable  siderable considerable  importance  to  railway  contractors  was  decided  by  sheriff  Tonnent  in  the  small  debts  court,  Airdrie,  on  Tuesday,  the  29th  ult.  The  pursuer,  a  railway  navvie,  raised  an  action  against  his  employer  for  repetition  of  a  sum  of  wages  paid  him  in  lines  or  orders  for  money,  (the  orders  though  for  cash,  were  discounted  by  the  workmen  for  goods),  and  which  were  alleged  to  be  so  paid  in  violation  of  the  act  1  and  2  Wm.  IV,  c.  37,  commonly  designated  the  Truck  Act.  The  sheriff,  after  hearing  parties'  agents  fully,  and  adjourning  the  case  for  two  consecutive  days,  dismissed  the  case  upon  the  ground  that  the  act  did  not  appear  to  extend  to  navvies  employed  exclusively  in  the  formation  of  a  railway...6...z  .8.  COUNTY  CO  URT-YESTERDAY.  The  court  sat  at  the  usual  hour  yesterday.  CURRAN  V.  SMITH.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  a  young  man  named  John  Curran,  to  receive  51.  from  Joseph  Smith,  car-driver,  residing  in  Scotland-road.  The  amount  was  claimed  for  injury  done,  by  the  accidental  discharge  of  a  pistol  by  defendant's  son,  to  the  plaintiff.  It  appeared  that  both  the  young  men  were  employed  together,  and  that  while  at  work,  the  younger  Smith  was  doinc  , STYLE=superscript  something  with  a  pistol,  which  he  believed  was  not  loaded,  when,  happening  to  touch  the  trigger,  it  went  off,  and  the  contents  were  lodged  in  plaintiff's  side.  Plaintiff  stated  that  he  had  to  go  to  the  hospital  until  the  wound  was  cured.  Smith  stated  that  he  had  offered  to  pay  the  plaintiff  his  wages,  and  tad.  a  day  and  his  expenses,  but  the  offer  was  refused.  His  Honor,  after  remarking  that  it  was  by  singular  good  for fortune  tune fortune  the  accident  had  not  terminated  fatally,  asked  the  plaintiff  who  had  advised  him  to  the  wise  course  of  sum summoning  moning summoning  the  father  of  the  young  man.  Plaintiff  stated  he  was  advised  to  do  so  by  a  person  whom  he  met  in  the  street.  His  Honour  said  the  action  could  not  be  supported,  and  the  best  thing,  therefore,  he  could  do  for  the  plaintiff  was  to  strike  it  out,  as  the  father  could  not  be  held  to  be  liable.  The  case  was  accordingly  struck  out,  his  Honor  ordering  that  the  court  fees  should  be  returned  to  the  plaintiff.  LAUER  V.  APKENNA.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  John  Lauer,  bookseller,  against  Peter  M'Kenna,  tailor,  Park-lane,  to  recover  the  sum  of  11.,  the  price  of  binding  a  copy  of  Fullerton's  bible.  John  Savage,  a  person  in  the  employment  of  plaintiff,  stated  that  the  defendant  gave  an  order  to  have  the  bible  bound  according  to  a  specimen  which  was  shown  to  him  for  11.  When  the  book  was  delivered,  the  defendant  objected  to  it,  on  the  ground  that  it  was  not  bound  in  calf,  and  opened  it  so  roughly  that  the  band  was  broken.  He  then  refused  to  pay  for  it,  and  sent  for  a  policeman  to  put  witness:out  of  his  shop.  The  witness  stated  that  the  band  was  not  broken  when  the  book  was  delivered.  The  plaintiff  admitted  that  the  boards  were  not  so  strong  as  those  of  the  specimen  shown,  but  said  that  in  every  other  respect  the  binding  was  the  same.  Mr.  Grocott  appeared  for  the  de defence.  fence. defence.  Evidence  was  given  to  show  that  when  the  book  was  delivered  it  was  in  such  a  condition  that  it  would  soon  fall  to  pieces,  and  that  the  band  was  actually  broken.  The  de defendant  fendant defendant  also  denied  having  handled  the  book  roughly.  His  Honor  was  of  opinion  that  the  book  was  not  bound  as  it  should,  according  to  specimen.  He  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  12s.  6d.,  and  costs  out  of  pocket.  A  SCENE.—KENNY  V.  GLYN.—III  this  case  James  Kenny,  a  boarding-house  keeper,  living  in  Simpson-street,  summoned  Messrs.  Glynn  and  Co.,  Itedcross-street,  mer merchants,  chants, merchants,  to  recover  the  value  of  a  seaman's  note,  issued  by  the  captain  of  a  vessel  named  the  Liffey.  Mr.  Pope  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Hime  for  the  defendant.  Mr.  POPE  proceeded  to  state  the  case,  in  a  manner  which  attracted  the  attention  of  all  in  court.  The  plaintiff  was  called,  and  was  being  examined,  when  Mr.  Pope  rose  and  proceeded  to  make  some  observations  to  the  court  in  support  of  the  case.  When  Mr.  Pope  had  re resumed  sumed resumed  his  seat,  His  HONOR  turned  towards  the  plaintiff,  and  said  :—I  de decline  cline decline  to  go  on  with  this  case,  because  I  do  not  think  your  attorney  is  in  that  condition  in  which  he  ought  to  appear  before  me  to-day.  Let  this  case  be  struck  out.  If  your  attorney  comes  into  court  in  the  state  in  which  he  now  is,  unable  to  attend  to  his  business,  he  ought  to  pay  the  ex expenses  penses expenses  of  the  client  whom  he  has  brought  here  unnecessarily.  Call  the  next  case.  Mr.  Pope  in  a  few  minutes  withdrew  from  the  court.  PRESERVATION  OF  LIFE  FROM  SHIPWRECK.  On  Thursday  a  meeting  of  the  general  committee  of  the  Royal  National  Institution  for  the  Preservation  of  Life  from  Shipwreck,  was  held  at  the  offices,  John-street,  Adelphi.  The  chairman  of  the  society,  Mr.  Alderman  Thompson,  M.P.,  presided  on  the  occasion.  The  SECRETARY,  (Mr.  R.  Lewis)  having  read  the  minutes  of  the  previous  meeting,  the  silver  medal  of  the  institution  was  voted  respectively-  to  George  Bonner  and  Richard  Rioch,  coast-guard  men  at  Collieston,  on  the  coast  of  Aber Aberdeen,  deen, Aberdeen,  for  their  gallant  services  in  saving  with  a  shore-boat  a  portion  of  the  crew  of  the  Russian  schooner  Elise,  which  was  wrecked  near  that  place  on  the  19th  of  October.  It  appeared  that  the  vessel  was  bound  -from  Liverpool  to  Elsinore,  with  a  valuable  cargo  of  cotton  yarn  and  salt,  and  had  sprung  a  leak  on  the  16th  of  °eV:l)er,  when  between  200  and  300  miles  from  the  Scotch  coast.  She  bore  up  for  that  country,  keeping  the  hands  day  and  night  at  the  pumps  till  the  19th,  when  the  pumps  became  choked  up  by  the  salt.  At  ten  o'clock  on  the  evening  of  that  day,  the  vessel  had  six  feet  of  water  in  her  hold,  and  soon  afterwards  struck  on  some  rocks  near  the  mouth  of  the  river  Ytham.  The  captain  and  carpenter  having  succeeded  in  reaching  the  shore  through  a  heavy  surf  in  the  ship's  boat,  proceeded  to  the  coast-guard  station.  It  was  now  about  midnight,  and  Lieut.  Lodder,  R.N.,  chief  officer  of  the  station,  with  his  two  men,  imme immediately  diately immediately  attempted  to  get  off  to  the  wreck  in  the  small  boat  in  which  the  master  came  on  shore,  but  after  two  attempts  they  were  compelled  tolgive  it  up,  the  boat  having  been  swamped  on  both  occasions.  Having  been  thus  defeated  in  their  praiseworthy  endeavours,  the  two  men  above  named  launched  a  small  private  skiff,  and  in  spite  of  the  very  heavy  sea  that  was  then  running  succeeded  in  reaching  the  wreck,  a  distance  of  two  miles,  and  in  taking  off  the  remaining  portion  of  the  crew  (consisting  of  four  persons),  with  the  ctehx:  matt,  .  n  o  f  d  the  aa  mate,  „..  w  h  o  d  o  i  c  t  o  o  w  n  a  safstaeird  the  had  l  v  e  sasshd  vessel  struck.himself  to  He  had  on  his  body  two  watches  and  a  tin  ca.e.  At  noon  the  vessel  parted  amidships.  Through  the  noble  exertions  of  Bonner  and  Rioch,  under  the  instructions  of  their  intelligent  chief  officer,  to  whom  the  committee  unanimously  voted  their  thanks,  four  of  the  wrecked  crew  were  thus  rescued  from  inevitable  destruction.  It  appears  that  since  the  establishment  of  the  society,  nearly  8,500  persons  have  been  thus  saved,  and  for  rescuing  whom  the  institution  has  voted  rewards  amounting  to  nearly  £9,000.  It  was  reported  at  the  meeting,  that  the  new  life lifeboat  boat lifeboat  placed  at  Boulmer  only  a  few  months  ago  by  the  Duke  of  Northumberland,  and  presented  by  him  to  the  society  as  its  president,  had  a  few  days  since  been  instrumental  in  saving  the  crew  of  the  Robert  Nicol,  of  Perth,  which  was  wrecked  near  that  place  on  Thursday  last.  Captain  Henderson,  R.N.,  C.  8.,  Comptroller-General  of  the  Coast-guard,  having  been  elected  a  member  of  the  com committee  mittee committee  of  management,  the  proceedings  closed.  INSOLVENT  DEBTORS'  COURT.  IN  RE  THE  REV.  THOMAS  BAGNALL  BAKER.  This  insolvent,  the  former  incumbent  of  Woburn  chapel,  St.  Pancras,  was  finally  heard  on  his  application  to  be  dis discharged  charged discharged  under  the  act.  Mr.  Sleigh  appeared,  on  the  present  occasion,  for  Mr.  Benjamin  Peach,  an  attorney;  Mr.  Cooke,  with  whom  was  Mr.  Sargood,  supported  the  application  for  discharge.  Originally  the  case  was  before  the  court  on  the  Ist  ult.,  and  again  on  the  Bth  of  the  same  month.  An  opposition  was  made  on  the  part  of  a  Mrs.  Bussell,  who  was  a  creditor  for  £6OO  for  money  advanced.  The  money  was  obtained  through  Mr.  Peach,  as  attorney  for  the  insolvent,  and  it  was  alleged  by  Mr.  Baker  that  he  only  received  £430  of  the  money.  He  further  said  that  £lOO  was  deducted  as  premium,  and  £7O  as  law  costs.  On  the  second  hearing,  Mrs.  Bussell  denied  that  £lOO  was  deducted  by  her,  and  that  she  had  advanced  the  whole  amount.  It  turned  out  that  Mr.  Peach  was  trustee  for  Mrs.  Bussell,  and  it  was  held  that  Mr.  Peach  was  the  creditor  and  not  Mrs.  Bussell,  and  he  was  ordered  to  be  served  with  notice.  The  commissioner  intimated  that  Mr.  Peach  should  attend.  Before  the  case  on  the  present  occasion  was  entered  upon,  Mr.  Commissioner  Phillips  said  he  had  last  night  received  a  letter  in  favour  of  the  insolvent.  It  was  a  long  letter,  but  he  had  not  read  it,  for  when  he  saw  its  object  he  put  it  aside.  It  was  very  reprehensible  to  write  to  a  person  who  had  to  decide  upon  a  case  in  a  court  of  justice.  He  thought  that  by  the  position  of  the  insolvent,  he  would  have  known  it.  'he  insolvr  The  insolvent  declare  He  had  not  heard  of  it.  :new  not  Mr.  Commissioner  Phillips  said  he  wag  I  _I•  -  1,;„,  __  3-1  au.  Ate  couta  make  great  allowance  for  the  feelings  of  the  person  who  had  written  it,  but  he  must  say  it  was  very  improper  conduct.  It  had  entirely  failed  of  its  intention.  POLICE  COURT.—YESTERDAY.  STEALING  A  GOOSE.—John  Jones,  a  person  of  the  most  unprepossessing  appearance,  being  unshaven,  and  his  gar garments  ments garments  all  in  tatters,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  goose  from.  St.  John's  Market  , STYLE=superscript  the  property  of  Mr.  Bowes.  The  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  was  seen  to  take  the  goose  from  the  stall,  and  when  apprehended  it  was  found  upon  him.  In  his  defence  he  stated,  when  he  entered  the  market,  having  been  commis commissioned  sioned commissioned  to  purchase  a  goose  for  a  lady,  he  was  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  but  he  knew  that  he  had  upwards  of  I  ls.  his  person,  but  when  searchei  he  had  only  a  few  coppers,  therefore  he  did  not  want  to  steal  it.  Havieg  been  pre previously  viously previously  convicted  for  a  similar  robbery,  he  was  committed  to  prison.  THE  GLORIOUS  88TH.—Michael  Tale,  a  military-looking  young  man,  in  shabby-genteel  attire,  was  charged  with  robbing  Patrick  Farrell,  a  soldier  belonging  to  the  88th  Regiment,  of  11s.  From  the  statement  of  the  complainant,  it  appeared  that  he  had  obtained  a  furlough  to  visit  his  friends  in  Newry  in  Ireland,  after  an  absence  of  many  years,  for  which  purpose  he  had  got  his  captain  to  advance  25s  ,  21s.  of  which  he  had  carefully  deposited  in  his  purse,  and  the  4s.  he  kept  loose  in  his  pocket.  Anxious  to  be  with  the  early  friends  of  his  youth,  he  repaired  to  the  Dublin  Steam  Packet  Company  to  ascertain  at  what  hour  the  packet  de departed,  parted, departed,  and  being  informed  that  it  did  not  start  until  eleven  o'clock  at  night,  he  left  the  quay,  and  in  his  perambulations  fell  in  with  three  soldiers  belonging  to  the  34th  regiment,  with  whom  he  sat  down  to  enjoy  the  parting  glass,  when  they  were  joined  by  the  prisoner,  who  formerly,  if  he  did  not  at  present,  belonged  to  the  same  regiment  as  himself.  Having  regaled  themselves,  until  the  complainant  became  Bacchus  pleni,  he  invited  the  prisoner  to  his  lodgings  to  take  tea,  and  then  they  retired  to  bed  together,  but  the  prisoner  placed  the  sol soldier's  dier's soldier's  clothes  on  a  bed,  and  after  a  time,  said  they  would  have  some  more  ale.  He  went  to  get  the  ale,  but  the  land landlord  lord landlord  refused  to  have  the  house  disturbed  at  that  hour  of  the  night.  When  the  prisoner  returned,  and  taking  the  com complainant's  plainant's complainant's  purse,  counted  the  money  in  it,  and  persuaded  ,  him  to  leave  the  house,  which  he  would  not  do.  The  money  in  the  purse  was  handed  over  to  the  landlady,  but  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  instead  of  being  215.,  the  prisoner  only  handed  over  10s.  He  most  positively  swore  that  no  money  was  taken  out  of  the  purse  from  the  time  he  had  deposited  the  21s.  in  it.  The  prisoner  denied  the  taking  of  the  money,  and  stated  that  the  soldier  of  the  88th  was  in  a  most  dis disgraceful  graceful disgraceful  state  of  intoxication,  which  was  confirmed  by  the  landlady  and  other  witnesses.  The  magistrates  admonished  the  soldier  for  being  in  such  a  state,  and  discharged  the  prisoner.  CHARGE  OF  ROBBERY.—Thomas  Toss,  a  soldier  belonging  to  the  34th  regiment,  was  charged  with  stealing  255.  from  the  purse  of  Peter  Cornell,  on  board  the  Telegraph  packet,  from  Dublin  to  Liverpool.  The  complainant  stated  that  he  was  a  passenger  on  board  the  packet,  with  the  prisoner,  last  night,  and  that  during  the  voyage  the  prisoner  put  his  hand  into  his  pocket,  and  took  therefrom  the  above  amount,  all  he  possessed  in  the  world  ;  and  upon  accusing  him  of  the  theft,  he  threatened  to  knock  his  brains  out.  As  the  complainant  could  not  give  a  very  satisfactory  account  of  how  the  robbery  was  effected,  and  it  being  proved  that  the  soldier  was  very  drunk  when  he  went  on  board,  and  bad  only  a  few  shillings  upon  his  person  when  searched.  The  prisoner  was  dismissed.  THE  DALE  STREET  Flinn  was  charged  with  assaulting  John  Reynolds.  The  complainant  alleged  that  he  had  met  the  defendant  in  Dale-street,  on  the  previous  evening,  when  he  had  knocked  him  down,  and  stole  1  ls.  9d.  from  his  person.  The  accuser  and  the  accused  are  two  men  belonging  to,a  gang  of  fellows,  denominated  the  Dale-street  who  obtain  a  livelihood  by  imposing  upon  the  innocent  strangers,  who  arrive  in  this  town,  by  pretending  to  sell  them  smuggled  tobacco,  &amp;c.,  and  it  is  not  unfrequently  the  case  that  the  parties  falling  a  prey  to  these  rascals,  get  robbed  of  all  they  possess.  There  being  no  evidence  of  the  robbery,  but  a  witness,  one  of  the  gang,  swearing  to  the  assault,  the  case  was  referred  for  adjudication  to  the  other  court,  there  being  only  one  magistrate  present.  Susricious  CHARACTERS.—Edward  Barrel;  Michael  Doreen,  and  Thomas  Taggett,  were  charged  by  the  police  with  lurking  about  the  Clarence  graving-dock,  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  committing  a  felony.  They  were  apprehended  the  previous  afternoon,  but  upon  being  searched  no  property  was  found  upon  them.  They  had  each  been  several  times  before  convicted,  and  the  magistrates  committed  them  to  prison  with  hard  labour  for  three  months.  ROBBERY  ON  BOARD  AN  AMERICAN  SHIP.—John  Wat Watkins,  kins, Watkins,  a  sailor,  was  charged  with  breaking  open  a  chest,  and  stealing  therefrom  a  watch  and  eight  sovereigns,  the  property  of  'another  sailor,  belonging  to  the  ship  Ni Niagara  agara Niagara  It  appeared  that  the  robbery  had  been  committed  two  days  after  the  vessel  sailed  from  New  York,  conse consequently  quently consequently  the  magistrates  had  no  jurisdiction,  but  expressed  a  regret  that  Englishmen  should  toil  under  the  flag  of  another  nation,  and  thus  subject  themselves  to  such  robberies.  TILE  WORKHOUSE  V.  THE  BRIDENVELL.—A  little  girl  named  Bridget  Taffy  was  charged  with  stealing  some  cotton  from  the  docks.  There  being  no  owner,  and  as  she  stated  she  had  no  parents  to  provide  for  her,  the  magistrate  asked  her  if  she  would  go  into  the  workhouse.  This  she  at  first  refused  to  do,  but  being  informed  that  she  must  either  go  to  the  workhouse  or  the  Bridewell,  she  consented  to  go  to  the  former,  and  the  police  officer  who  had  apprehended  her,  was  instructed  to  place  her  with  the  overseers.  BEER  HOUSES.  John  Wright,  the  keeper  of  a  beer-house,  was  fined  60s.  for  keupia,.  open  his  house  after  twelve  o'clock.  He  had  been  fined  several  times  formerly.  John  Bridson,  a  beerhouse-keeper,  m  Pri.ucez  street,  appeared  in  reply  to  an  information  for  selling  drink  en  Sunday  morning  last.  Mr.  Aspinall,  barrister,  for  the  defendant.  Officer  165  stated  that  on  Sunday  morning  last,  at  half halfpast  past halfpast  nine  o'clock,  he  observed  two  men  (one  of  whom  he  knew  to  be  a  barber  living  at  Moorfields)  knocking  at  Bridson's  door,  and  were  admitted,  and  he  and  717  went  down  two  or  three  minutes  after,  and  looked  through  the  window,  and  saw  two  men  standing  at  the  table  with  a  glass  before  them.  On  the  hairdresser  being  questioned  by  the  officers,  he  positively  denied  any  one  being  with  him.—£s  and  costs.  William  Willmott,  who  keeps  an  eating-house  in  White Whitechapel,  chapel, Whitechapel,  appeared  to  an  information  laid  against  him  by  inspector  Skermer,  for  entertaining  prostitutes.  He  was  fined  40s.  and  costs.  John  Tilley,  keeper  of  an  eating-house  in  Whitechapel,  was  fined  40s.  and  costs  for  a  similar  offence.  PUBLIC  HOUSE  CASES.  Frederick.  Watson,  the  keeper  of  a  public  house  at  Low Lowhill,  hill, Lowhill,  was  charged  with  selling  ale  after  twelve  o'clock  on  the  night  of  Saturday  last.  Police-constable  703,  was  on  duty  at  a  quarter-past  twelve  o'clock  on  Saturday  night,  when  he  saw  a  person  leave  with  a  jug;  he  asked  what  was  in  it,  and  was  told  it  was  ale,  but  to  be  positive  he  tasted,  and  found  it  really  was  ale.  Police  officer  556,  noticed  the  same.  A  female  assistant  stated  that  the  landlord  and  landlady  were  both  ill,  and  that  she  had  been  left  to  manage  the  business,  and  at  the  time  she  drew  the  ale,  the  waiter  was  engaged  in  turning  a  drunken  person  out  of  the  house.  She  did  not  know  that  her  clock  had  struck  twelve.  The  Clerk  :  It  was  only  a  quarter-past  twelve,  was  it  !.  Police-officer  713  :  Just  a  quarter-past.  The  magistrate  ordered  the  case  to  be  dismissed.  Joseph  S'milh,  a  publican,  was  summoned  by  officer  165,  (Wilson),  with  selling  drink  on  Sunday.  Mr.  Snowball  appeared  for  the  defendant.  Officer  Wilson  stated  that  he  visited  Joseph  Smith's  public  house  in  Vernon-street,  at  a  quarter  past  twelve  on  Sunday  morning  last,  and  saw  three  men  inside.;  but  when  he  was  admitted  they  were  gone.  He  found  several  measures  containing  ale,  and  two  with  whiskey  in  them.  Mr.  Snowball;then  cross-examined  the  officer,  as  to  whether  inspector  Skermer  or  himself  went  in  first.  I  'to  - STYLE=superscript  Ski  id  he  he  -fficer'E  _nspector  Lermer  sai  caunil*vg,.clt  _  •  -  ,  n  ,  ___  not:—,  •41/31  LW,  .e  corro"
