text
"confirmed  motion  of  Edgar  to  a  lauding  clerkship.  in  the  marine  department,  the  sub-committee  recommended  that  £65  be  granted  for  the  purpose  of  testing  an  experiment  to  light  the  Saudon  graving-docks  with  an  electrical  light  by  Mr.  Mr.  LITTLEDALS  said  that  Mr.  Steite  was  quite  sanguine  in  the  matter,,  and  if  the  experiment  were  successful  the  saved  to  the  it  the  experiment  were  suc successful  cessful successful  the  cost  of  the  light  would  be  much  less,  while  the  light  itself  would  be  much  better  than  gas.  The  recommendation  was  adopted.  TT  observed  that  The  sub•committee  also  produced  an  estimate  of  the  cost  of  placing  two  signal  balls  on  the  Albert  warehouse  and  the  Victoria  tower,  amounting  to  £B3O,  and  reported  that  they  could  not  recommend  that  the  suggestion  of  the  observa observatory  tory observatory  committee  on  the  21st  of  last  September  should  be  car carried  ried carried  out.  The  CuAIRMAN  said  that  the  committee  were  of  opinion  that  the  signals  would  be  of  no  use  to  vessels  in  the  river,  that  might  be  waiting  to  get  out.  To  the  vessels  in  the  docks  they  would  be  no  use,  as  when  going  into  dock  they  sent  their,  chronometers  either  to  the  ;  makers  or  to  the  obser observatory  vatory observatory  to  be  regulated.  The  HARBOUR  MASTER'S  sub-committee  recommended  hat  advertisements  be  issued  for  the  supply  of  cloth  Confirmed  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  they  had  referred  a  letter  of  Mr.  M'lver,  to  the  sub-committee,  with  reference  to  a  graving-dock  of  a  large  size.  As  he  (the  chairman)  expected  Mr.  Hartley  could  say  nothing  as  to  the  situation  of  any  graving-dock,  without  knowing  first  the  intentions  of  the  committee  as  to  the  general  appropriation  of  their  land.  They  did  not  intend  to  go  to  parliament  this  year,  but  they  would  do  so  next  year,  and  it  was  therefore  desirable  that  they  would  take  up  this  question  as  early  as  possible,  that  they  might  have  plenty  of  time  for  discussion.  Mr.  SHAND  suggested,  that  it  would  be  well  if  the  plans  were  laic  on  the  to  Mr.  LOCKETT  thought  so  too  ;  and  that  the  sooner  they  came  to  a  conclusion  on  them  the  better.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  asked  if  the  nature  of  Mr.  .  .  the  sole  use  of  a  gravin  g  do(  TheuninmeN  replied  that  that  was  another  question,  but  that  the  primary  feature  of  Mr.  M'lver's  communication  was,  the  necessity  of  providing  graving  -docks  of  a  size  capable  of  receiving  the  large  vessels  no  w  a  b  ou  t  t  o  b  e  b  u  i  lt.  They  had  at  present  no  graving  -dock  that  could  take  in  a  vessel  over  a  certain  size,  and  whenever  such  a  vessel  required  repairing,  it  was  done  in  the  Huskisson  lock.  Mr.  LOCXETT  said  that  they  were  at  present  compelled  to  build  their  vessels  some  feet  smaller,  in  consequence  of  the  size  of  the  graving-docks.  Mr.  SHAND  observed  that  the  committ  now  brought  the  matter  up  to  a  certain  of  work  general  committee  either  to  adopt  -7 STYLE=superscript  or  iLdii;  for  the  their  plans.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Macgowan,  stating  that  the  4th  committee  had  ordered  four  lamps  to  be  lighted  upon  the  King's  Parade  An  applicaiion  was  read  from  a  person  named  James  Lang,  stating  that  his  horse  -  had  met  with  a  serious  accident  ting  his  foot  caught  in  the  tramway  of  th  e  P  r  i  nce  '  s  lock,  by  which  he  was  rendered  unable  to  move,  and  was  pronounced  incurable,  The  applicant  stated  that  he  and  his  family  were  wholly  dependent  upon  the  horse  for  sub subsistence,  sistence, subsistence,  and  therefore  hoped  that  the  dock  committee  would,  under  the  circumstances,  make  him  some  allowance.  A  certificate  from  a  veterinary  surgeon  was  attached  to  the  letter.  of  the  committee  that  acci accioccurred  occurred accioccurred  to  horses  in  three  or  Ault  of  the  shoeing.  There  was  nearly  as  much  iron  in  the  shoe  as  round  the  wheel  of  a  cart.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  don't  see  how  we  can  entertain  this  application.  No  resolution  was  moved  upon  the  matter.  This  closed  the  general  business."
