text
"nade  his  way  to  the  United  States  soon  hear  again  In  hast(  the  mail  is  el  but  you  shall  COMMERCIAL  AFFAIRS.—The  Mercantile  Advertiser  says  :  —General  trade  in  Dublin  and  in  the  country  towns  has  be-  come  dull  in  consequence  of  the  threatening  aspect  of  foreign  affairs,  and  the  increased  rate  for  discount  charged  by  the  banks,  which  are  acting  with  much  greater  caution.  The  retail  trade  in  provisions  is  also.  much  more  limited,  on  account  of  the  very  high  prices  of  food,  which  press  severely  on  the  consumers,  although,  of  course,  they  greatly  benefit  the  growers  of  agricultural  produce.  As  yet,  the  staple  manufactures  of  Ulster  do  not  appear  to  have  teen  materially  affected  by  the  causes  that  have  led  to  so  much  depression  in  England;  and  this  may  be  considered  as  an  evidence  of  the  sound  principles  upon  which  the  linen  trade  is  conducted,  without  anything  in  the  shape  of  wild  speculation.  The  em employers  ployers employers  and  workmen  seem  to  be  upon  the  best  terms,  and  there  has  not  been  a  single  turn  in  any  department.  There  is  a  fair  demand  for  linen  yarns,  without,  however,  any  general  advance  in  prices.  The  stocks  of  linens  are  very  moderate  ;  prices  are  well  maintained  by  a  yes  mand,  and  the  bleach-greens  are  in  been,  however,  an  increasing  businf  commenced,  would,  of  course,  in  sC  The  cotton  :film_  n.l  brisk,  showing  no  symptoms  of  mand  for  sewed  and  embroidered  goods,  is  not,  we  altogether  so  active  as  kets  are  very  buoyant,  with  a  tenth  THE  CROPS  ctive  de  - STYLE=superscript  -  There  has  and  a  heady  y  to  advanced  prices  The  recent  showers  and  si  my  weather  have  damaged  the  standing  crops  to  a  considerable  extent.  As  this  season  is  a  later  one  than  we  have  had  for  many  years,  it  is  to  :be  feared,  that  unless  the  weather  become  milder  for  the  next  week  or  so,  F.  accrue.  in  curtailing  au  otherwise  h  effects  may  &lt;,,  T  _  7  .....  .  .,..  hare  •  ITO  worse  reports,  and  people  are  beginning  to  find  out  that  they  have  only  heard  a  great  deal  of  the  exaggeration  of  former  years  over  again.  Turnips,  mangel-wurzel,  and  other  green  crops,  it  is  said,  generally  present  a  somewhat  un unhealthy  healthy unhealthy  appearance,  and  will  not  realise  early  expectations.  THE  CHANNEL  FLEET.—The  vessels  compoSing  this  fleet  have,  as  I  said  yesterday,  left  Cork,  but  their  destination  is  not  known,  although  they  were  stated  to  have  been  bound  for  the  Mediterranean,  and  not  the  Baltic  as  was  at  first  supposed.  The  Black  Eagle  steam  yacht  reached  Kingstown  on  Thursday,  to  await  the  Lords  of  the  Admiralty,  and  con convey  vey convey  them  to  England.  Yesterday  afternoon,  Sir  James  Gra Graham,  ham, Graham,  accompanied  by  the  Junior  Lords,  arrived  in  Dublin,  and  soon  after  proceeded  to  Kingstown,  when,  about  half halfpast  past halfpast  four  o'clock,  they  went  on  board  the  Black  Eagle,  which  took  her  departure  for  Holyhead,  KIDNAPPING  CHILDREN.—The  Dublin  journals  have  not  noticed  some  strange  statements  which  have  been  abroad  for  the  last  week,  but  which,  although  vague  in  many  respects,  have  certainly  some  foundation.  It  is,  Ibelieve,  undoubted,  that  some  children  in  various  parts  of  the  city  have  been  lately  missing,  and  under  such  circumstances  as  to  warrant  the  police  in  coming  to  the  conclusion  that  there  has  been  unfair  work  going  on.  It  is  said,  that  some  of  those  lost  are  girls  of  tender  years,  who  are  supposed  to  have  been  kid kidnapped  napped kidnapped  for  a  purpose  sufficiently  obvious.  This  is  worth  mentioning,  if  for  no  other  purpose  than  as  a  caution  to  parents.  What  has  happened  in  Dublin,  might  also  happeu  in  Liverpool.  FOREIGN  CATTLE.—The  importation  of  live  cattle  of  various  kinds  from  the  continental  states  of  Europe  have  been  unprecedentedly  great  during  the  past  week.  They  in include  clude include  nearly  20,000  sheep,  with  upwards  of  5,000  head  of  oxen  and  cows,  and  a  proportionate  number  of  calves  and  pigs,  making  altogether  the  extraordinary  large  number  of  nearly  29,000  head  of  stock  of  various  kinds.  This  far  exceeds  in  extent  all  previous  supplies  of  this  nature  from  abroad,  and  must  have  formed  an  important  feature  in  the  general  supply  of  live  stock  for  the  London  markets.  M  usual,  the  principle  portion  of  the  importations  have  been  from  Holland,  with  some  few  of  small  extent  from  France  and  Belgium  ;  and  they  have  been  swelled  so  far  beyond  the  ordinary  extent  by  large  supplies  of  horned  stock,  as  well  as  sheep  and  other  cattle,  from  Denmark  and  the  Hanseatic  States.  SANITARY  PROCEEDINGS  UND  On  the  FACTORY  ACT.—  information  cif  Mr.  Baker,  Sub-Inspector  of  Factories,  Mr.  Thomas  Lister,  woollen  manufacturer,  Hunslet,  was  charged  bef  ore  th  e  pres  idi  ng  magistrates  ati  the  Court-house,  Leeds,  on  Tuesday  last,  with  having  neglected,  (luring  the  preceding  fourteen  months,  to  whitewash  the  interior  of  his  factory.  The  offence  was  proved,  and  the  defendant  was  fined  in  the  mitigated  penalty  of  31.  -  -  FRANKFORT  AND  BOLO  ['TONE  RAILWAY.—The  first  sod  of  the  Frankfort  and  Cologne  Railway  was  turned  on  Tuesday,  at  Biebrick  with  great  ceremony.  This  line  will  supply  the  last  link  in  the  chain  of  railway  communication  between  the  various  Belgian,  Dutch,  and  North  German  railways,  and  those  of  the  south  and  east  of  Europe.  THE  LUCKY  SAILOR  OF  THE  LEANDER.—TIIe  sailor,  whose  lucky  fortune  in  becoming  the  sudden  possessor  of  property  amounting  to  £60,000,  as  mentioned  in  the  Morning  Chronicle  of  Tuesday,  is  a  Scotchman,  named  Thomas  Black,  and  has  lately  been  doing  duty  as  a  petty  officer  on  Board  her  Majesty's  ship  Leander,  now  lying  in  Plymouth  Sound.  According  to  the  Globe,  it  appears  that  he  is  connected  with  a  highly  respectable  family  in  Perth Perthshire,  shire, Perthshire,  was  well  educated,  and  intended  by  his  parents  for  one  of  the  learned  professions.  Seventeen  years  ago,  however,  he  ran  from  home,  and  entered  the  naval  service,  doing  duty  as  a  common  sailor,  and,  having  acquired  some  reputa reputation  tion reputation  as  a  mariner,  he  was  advanced  to  the  rank  of  a  petty  officer.  That  was  his  position,  when,  aboutnine  months  ago,  an  advertisement  appeared,  informing  Thomas  Black,  if  he  were  still  alive,  that  by  communi  ca  ti  ng  w  i  th  certain  parties  therein  named,  would STYLE=superscript  of  something  very  considerably  to  his  Thomas  Black,  however,  for  months  re remained  mained remained  in  ignorance  of  the  which  his  next  of  kin  were  beginning  to  be  afraid  they  would  be  obliged  tO  appropriate  itto  their  own  use  andbenefit.  Luckily  for  Black,  however,  he  one  day  entered  into  conversation  with  a  foot footman,  man, footman,  whom  he  met  accidentally  at  the  Cove  of  Cork,  and  who  had  heard  from  another  servant,  some  particulars  touch touching  ing touching  the  lost  heir  to  the  Perthshire  estates.  The  result  was,  that  Black  made  his  existence  known  in  the  proper  quarter,  and,  after  the  lapse  of  a  few  months,  his  claims  were  recog recognised,  nised, recognised,  and  he  succeeded  in  obtaining  his  discharge  front  naval  servitude  on  the  arrival  of  the  Leander  at  the  port  of  Plymouth,  from  New  York,  which  took  place  a  few  day!  ago.  The  lucky  sailor  and  his  friend  Lieut.  Barnard,  R.N.,  are  now  in  Scotland  adjusting  the  prelimindries.  CATHARINE  HAYES  has  been  giving  .  concerts  at  Valparaiso  with  great  success  ;  on  the  evening  of  the  6th  August,  she  gave  her  farewell  concert  ;  on  which  occasion  she  was  presented  with  a  splendid  diamond  bracelet,  valued  at  one  thousand  dollars.  She  was  to  leave  Valparaiso  on  the  oth,  for  Santiago,  thence  to  Lim,"
