text
"MANCHESTER  CITY  COUNCIL  A  special  meeting  of  the  Manchester  City  Council  was  held  on  Wednesday  last,  Major  ROBERT  BARNES,  presiding.  The  proceedings  of  the  various  committees  were  approved  and  confirmed.  The  coroner's  bill,  extending  over  a  period  of  17  weeks,  and  which  amounted  to  £384  10s.  24d.,  was  ordered  to  be  submitte  i  to  the  finance  committee.  The  next  business  of  the  meeting  was  to  receive  the  re reports  ports reports  of  the  proceedings  of  committees  during  the  past  year.  It  appeared  from  the  proceedings,  during  the  year  of  the  scavenging  committee,  that  the  drainage  of  the  city  was  in  a  very  satisfactory  condition,  there  not  being  a  single  street  in  the  township  but  had  a  good  and  efficient  drainage.  SUPPLY  OF  WATER  TO  MANCHESTER,  On  the  water  works  committee's  report  being  submitted,  Mr.  ALEX.  PILLING  said  there  was  a  statement  that  ap appeared  peared appeared  in  a  publication  called  the  Atheneum,  professed  to  have  been  made  before  the  British  Association  about  the  24th  of  September  last  ;  and  it  was  put  forth  as  a  statement  made  by  the  engineer  of  the  Manchester  Water  Works  (Mr.  Bateman),  who  did  not  acknowledge  it,  but  rather  repudiated  the  statement  as  it  stood.  The  statement  made  it  appear  that  the  daily  consumption  of  water  by  the  inhabitants  of  Manchester  was  30,000,000  gallons,  supplied  from  a  reservoir  150  feet  above  the  level  of  Piccadilly  at  its  highest  point.  Now,  that  statement  having  been  made,  it  would  be  supposed  that  the  inhabitants  had  the  quantity  mentioned  supplied  to  them.  Now,  he  was  satis satisfied  fied satisfied  that  no  such  quantity  ever  came  to  Manchester.  The  largest  quantity  that  had  ever  been  attempted  to  be  brought  to  Manchester,  was  15,000,000,  and  from  the  making  of  that  attempt,  the  conduit,  being  so  imperfect,  had  been  under  repair  ever  since.  The  greatest  quantity  suppled  to  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  at  present,  was  8,000,000  gallons  a  day,  and  for  that  he  thought  they  might  be  extremely  thankful,  for  the  old  company  never  supplied  them  with  more  than  3,000,000  of  gallons.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  Corrunx  thought  that  the  committee  ought  to  take  care  that  the  wants  of  the  city  were  attendedto,  and  fully  sup supplied  plied supplied  before  they  supplied  those  who  were  outside.  (Hear,  hear).  It  appeared  that  the  engineer,  Mr.  Bateman,  had  received  £11,450,  he  wished  to  know  if  that  was  a  portion  of  the  per  tentage  he  received.  Mr.  Alderman  PILLING  :  Yes,  Mr.  Bateman  received  £ll,OOO  which  was  due  to  him  for  his  work.  Mr.  COTTRILL  :  Was  that  all  he  had  received  ?  Mr.  Alderman  PILLING  :  That  was  all  he  had  received  appertaining  to  the  work  he  had  to  perform.  But  it  was  not  all  clear  salary  to  him,  for'he  had  to  employ  and  pay  a  number  of  assistants,  and  he  also  had  to  pay  an  amount  for  the  original  plans  relative  to  the  water  works,  from  the  commencement.  He  had  also  to  pay  his  office  clerks  and  his  own  expenses  on  journies  to  and  from  the  works._  Mr.  Corimm,  said  he  wanted  to  know  really  and  truly  what  was  the_amount  of  money  paid  to  Mr.  Bateman,  and  if  there  was  no  document  from  which  he  could  ascertain  that  ?  The  TowN  CLERK  said,  the  sum  already  named  embraced  every  farthing  that  had  been  paid  to  Mr.  Bateman.  Mr.  CorrRILL  then  drew  the  attention  of  the  Council  to  the  expenses  connected  with  obtaining  the  two  acts,  £13,512  14s.  3d.,  and  the  legal  and  deputation  expenses  incurred  since  the  acts  were  obtained,  £3,556  19s.  2d.  Now,  he  defied  any  memb  er  o  f  th  e  counc  il  t  o  f  orm  an  opi opinion  nion opinion  from  the  information  before  him,  that  would  warrant  him  in  coming  to  a  vote  upon  those  two  items.  The  TowN  CLERK  said  Mr.  Cottrill  must  remember  that  he  was  a  member  of  the  council  when  the  previous  reports  were  presented;  and  it  would  be  remembered,  if  not  by  Mr.  Cottrill,  by  many  members  of  the  council,  that  the  very  items  referred  to  had  been  given  and  explained  in  previous  reports  to  the  council.  Mr.  ALEx.  BANcnorr  deprecated  the  irregular  discussion  which  had  taken  place,  Mr.  WOLLEY  wished  to  know  whether  the  council  were  done  with  paying  .  Mr.  Bateman,  the  engineer,  or  whether  they  were  to  receive  further  items  under  the  head  of  en engineer's  gineer's engineer's  expenses  The  TowN  CLERK  said,  Mr.  Bateman  agreed  to  see  exe exeecuted  ecuted exeecuted  the  works  and  find  sufficient  assistants,  &amp;c.,  for  five  per  cent.  on  the  parliamentary  estimate  of  the  expense  of  the  works.  The  parliamentary  estimate,  and  nothing  like  it,  enabled  them  to  complete  the  works,  but  Mr.  Bateman  had  abided  by  that  bargain,  he  had  no  claim  upon  the  corporation  for  the  extra  time  expen expended  ded expended  in  carrying  out  the  works  in  consequence  of  the  unforeseen  difficulties  of  the  ground  itself,  and  the  extra  expense  con contingent  tingent contingent  upon  those  difficulties.  And  he  thought  it  not  impossible  that  Mr.  Bateman  had  expended  upon  the  cor corporation  poration corporation  almost  every  farthing  he  was  entitled  to  under  the  contract,  so  that  ho  would  get  nothing  but  credit,  or  little  but  credit  for  the  performance  of  the  work  under  the  con contract.  tract. contract.  The  works  had  taken  years  longer  than  Mr.  Bateman  had  expected,  and  though  his  services  were  still  given  to  the  corporation  his  pay  had  ceased.  After  some  further  conver conversation,  sation, conversation,  the  report  was  ordered  to  be  entered  on  the  minutes.  Statements  of  the  attendances  of  members  of  the  council  at  the  meetings  of  the  council  and  committees  during  the  past  year  having  been  laid  on  the  table,  the  council  broke  up."
