text
"LIVBRPOOL  BANKRUPTCY  COURT.  -YESTERDAY.  (BEFORE  MR.  COMMISSIONER  STEVENSON.)  IN  re  H.  T.  EDWARDS.—This  was  a  certificate  meeting.  The  bankrupt  carried  on  the  business  of  a  builder  and  archi architect,  tect, architect,  in  this  town;  and  his  petition  was  filed  a  few  months  ago.  Mr.  LOWNDES,  who  appeared  for  the  assignees,  said  that  they  had  no  objection  to  the  certificate  being  granted.  The  COMMISSIONER  asked  if  they  were  satisfied  that  the  bankruptcy  was  justifiable,  or  that  it  arose  from  unforeseen  circumstances  ?  Mr.  LOWNDES  replied  that  they  were.  The  bankruptcy  arose  from  the  sudden  rise  in  the  price  of  timber  and  labour—circumstances  which  the  bankrupt  could  not  have  foreseen.  The  COMMISSIONER  said  that,  under  these  circumstances,  there  could  be  no  objection  to  grant  a  first-class  certificate.  Certificate  accordingly  granted.  LIVERPOOL  RAGGED  SCHOOL  SOCIETY.  The  seventh  annual  meeting  of  the  above  society  was  held  last  evening,  at  the  Domestic  Mission-house,  Bedford Bedfordstreet,  street, Bedfordstreet,  Toxteth-park.  T.  B.  BLACKBURN,  Esq.,  in  the  chair.  The  Rev.  FRANCIS  Bisnor  presented  the  report  of  the  committee,  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  society  has,  at  present,  two  schools  connected  with  it;  one  for  boys,  the  average  attendance  at  which  during  the  last  three  months  had  been  62;;  and  one  for  girls,  the  attendance  at  which,  during  the  same  period,  had  been  40.  In  the  boys'  school  the  assistance  of  workingmen  living  in  the  district  from  which  most  of  the  boys  came,  and  some  of  whom  had  them themselves  selves themselves  received  instruction  in  the  school,  had  been  found  to  be  very  valuable  ;  and  it  was  hoped  that  the  efficiency  of  the  schools  would  be  still  further  increased,  when  the  new  build building  ing building  of  the  Domestic  Mission  Society,  now  nearly  completed,  is  ready  for  use,  rooms  having  been  provided  in  that  build building  ing building  for  the  accommodation  of  the  schools.  From  the  treasurer's  statement  of  accounts,  which  was  presented  by  P.  H.  HOLT,  Esq.,  it  appeared  that  there  is  a  balance  in  hand  to  the  credit  of  the  society,  amounting  to  £39  3s.  3d.  SAMUEL  BRIGHT,  Esq.,  was  appointed  president  of  the  socioty  for  the  ensuing  year  •  and  various  resolutions  ap appointing  pointing appointing  a  com  m  i  t  t  ee  ,  &amp;c.,  having  been  passed,  the  meeting  separated."
