text
"POLICE  OOUR  T.----YESTERDAY  CAUTION  TO  UNLICENSED  LUGGAGE  PORTERS.—James  Derby,  appeared  in  answer  to  a  charge  laid  against  him  by  officer  301,  whom  he  found  on  board  the  Mona's  Queen  applying  for  luggage,  he  not  having  obtained  a  license.  The  MAYOR  :  We  are  continually  receiving  complaints  of  those  luggage  porters,  without  licenses,  who  rush  on  board  the  steamboat  on  her  immediate  arrival  at  the  pier pierhead—carpet  head—carpet pierhead—carpet  bags  flew  in  one  direction,  trunks  and  port portmaneaus  maneaus portmaneaus  in  another.  It  is  a  very  unjust  thing  for  those  who  do  apply  and  get  their  licenses  regularly,  it  is  requisite  that  the  men  should  be  men  of  known  character  and  repu reputation,  tation, reputation,  and  who  are  responsible  to  the  authorities  for  the  exercises  of  their  trusts.—He  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  William  Squire,  an  apprentice  on  board  the  vessel  ITud ITudscott,  scott, ITudscott,  was  charged  by  Owen  Reardon,  captain  of  the  Hud Hudscott,  scott, Hudscott,  with'  deserting  the  vessel  on  Wednesday  night  last,  between  eight  and  nine  o'clock.  The  captain  not  wishing  to  press  the  case  against  the  prisoner,  and  he  promising  the  mayor  that  he  would  go  back  to  his  vessel,  and  behave  better  for  the  future,  he  was  accordingly  discharged  and  conveyed  to  the  vessel  by  an  officer.  STABBING.—Mary  lOGlashin  was  charged  by  James  Riley,  a  labourer,  with  stabbing  him  twice  in  the  face,  in  Scotland-road.  —lt  appeared  that  prosecutor  had  been  drinking  in  Mr.  Bourne's  public-house,  Scotland-road,  and  had  paid  for  some  drink  there,  shortly  after  he  went  out,  s  and  leaned  up  against  a  druggist's  door,  when  the  prisoner  came  out  of  the  public-house,  and  went  to  him  and  deli deliberately  berately deliberately  stabbed  him  in  the  face  twice,  the  wounds  were  not  severe.  Two  more  witnesses  were  called,  and  corro corroborated  borated corroborated  the  evidence  of  the  former  witness.  The  knife  was  seen  in  her  hand.  After  prisoner  had  stabbed  piosecu  tor,  she  ran  into  the  public-house,  where  she  was  appre apprehended.  hended. apprehended.  The  prisoner  was  committed  to  take  her  trial  at  the  sessions.  ASSAULT.—Two  men  named  Maddox  and  Roberts  ware  charged  with  assaulting  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Box  at  his  residence,  in  Juvenile  Place.  Maddox  was  ordered  to  pay  10s.  and  costs,  or  ix  imprisoned  for  21  days  ;  Roberts  was  di  sc  h  arge  d.  COMMITTALS.—Thomas  Nichols  was  sentenced  to  21  days'  imprisonment  on  Wednesday,  for  stealing  a  blue  pilot  coat  from  the  Isle  of  Man  steamer,  lying  at  the  pier  head.  The  coat  was  the  property  of  James  Lavry,  a  sailor,  belonging  to  the  boat.  Bridget  Cain  was  arrested  on  Wednesday,  with  a  quantity  of  cotton  in  her  apron,  belonging  to  Mr.  Brancker,  Dixon Dixonstreet.  street. Dixonstreet.  Committed  for  three  months.  Thomas  Jones,  a  well-known  pick-pocket,  was  imprisoned  for  three  months,  for  attempting  to  pick  a  gen  tl  eman  '  s  pocket,  at  the  fire  in  the  London-road,  on  Wednesday  night.  _  - STYLE=superscript  Anthony  Session  was  convicted  of  stealing  on  yesterday  morning,  a  piece  of  copper  from  the  Sandon  Graving  dock,  belonging  to  the  ship  Ann  Rose.  He  had  been  six  times  before  committed,  and  was  now  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  ,for  three  months.  John  Williams,  a  notorious  pick-pocket,  who  had  been  five  times  before  committed,  was  now  imprisoned  for  three  months,  he  being,  on  Thursday,  arrested  by  one  of  the  detective  force,  attempting  to  rifle  pockets  in  the  ladies'  (cabin  of  the  Marco  Polo.  I  Patrick  Calve!,  found  on  Wednesday  night  in  the  act  of  stealing  a  can,  containing  about  a  quart  of  rum,  from  th  e  !Acanthus,  West  Indian  ship,  lying  in  the  Victoria  Dock,  was  treated  as  a  drunken  case,  and  fined  55.  ;  or  three  days'  imprisonment.  _  ;  the  her  a STYLE=superscript  l  t  .  h  p  t STYLE=superscript  t  e  a  ' STYLE=superscript  7  .iaravlpyjsilisi::::eaeptstsohoafhBosesehfemehol  officer  r STYLE=superscript  v  fe STYLE=superscript  arppsu  ricnealso STYLE=superscript  c  s STYLE=superscript  ehilt  picking  John  Roberts,  and  Frank  Fortcroft,  the  'two  latter  well-known  young  thieves,  whose  smooth  well well;clad  ;clad well;clad  aspect  betokened  that  their  trade  had  latterly  been  a  good  one,  were  charged  with  being  on  Wednesday  afternoon  IN  it STYLE=superscript  i  l STYLE=superscript  r  il STYLE=superscript  .  Winstanley's,  in  Brick-road,  Everton,  for  robbed  of  9/.,  identified  Fortcroft  as  a  person  who  rushed  by  on  Jane  mj  l  T  a  aan  d  nne  y  de  proved  eodHt  hofeosrrfi  et  en enquiry,  quiry, enquiry,  nd  t  0  0  .,  were  sent  to  prison  for  three  months.  THE  CHARGE  OP  RAPE  AGAINST  A  POLICEMAN.—  .Thomas  was  again  put  forward,  and  Mr.  Clough  stated  that  in  this  case  there  was  no  other  evidence.  -  The  Bench  said  that  this  was  a  most  •  atrocious  and  vile  assault,  and  it  was  after  some  deliberation  that  de decided  cided decided  on  not  sending  it  for  trial  ;  there  they  had  doubt  as  to  the  graver  offence,  and  tey  were  willing  ,a STYLE=superscript  prisoner  the  benefit  of  it.  But  there  were  very  bandgfteoatglves  n  the  case.  -  The  prisoner  had  abused  the  confidence  placedure  a  g STYLE=superscript  kr  w STYLE=superscript  gn  J  a STYLE=superscript  speoadowmc  nke STYLE=superscript  James  with  t  t STYLE=superscript  os  . STYLE=superscript  taken.initt  the  eOet  hnArpeawnoploa  s  l  ei  lady,  ,  who  had  been  n  him  as  an  inmate  of  the  house,  and  had  forgotten  his  posi position  tion position  as  a  public  officer.  They  should  inflict  th  e  hi  g  h  est  penalty  hat  the  law  allowed  them,  which  was  two  months'  impri impritonment  tonment impritonment  or  £5  fine;  but  in  doing  so  they  felt  that  it  was  a  unishment  quite  inadequate  for  the  irreparable  injury  done  this  young  girl.  The  prisoner  would,  of  course,.  be  dismissed  ihe  force.  GAROTTE  ROBBERY.—COMMITTAL  TO  ASSIZES.—Jane  ickson,  Tohn  Clark,  William  Wilks,  and  Michael  Flynn,  f  e  o  r  i  e  ly,  ch  o  a  f  r  r  ge  r  d  es  ,  t  wi  on  t  ,  h  at  stealing  from  the  on  W  pe  e  r  d  so  n  n  es  o  d  f  ay  Michael  night,  ye  shillings  and  a  hat.  The  prosecutor,  who  appeared  a  kespectable  man,  said  that  he  Ns  as  coming  down  Howard Howardstreet,  street, Howardstreet,  when  he  was  accosted  by  the  female  prisoner,  who  ;ook  hold  of  him  by  the  arm,  and  succeeded  in  pulling  him  a  little  up  Vulcaa-sheet,  (a  cross  street,  very  dark  and  composed  alone  of  warehouses).  Here  he  was  immediately  set  upon  by  the  three  male  prisoners,  who  half-choked  him  by  seizing  him  by  the  throat,  and  having  knocked  him  down,  brutally  kicked  and  assaulted  him.  They  then  rob robbed  bed robbed  him  of  two  half-crowns,  cutting  and  tearing  off  his  pocket.  The  prosecutor  fully  identified  all  the  prisoners,  v  - STYLE=superscript  ho  were  well  known  to  the  police.  All  four  were  sent  for  trial  at  the  next  assizes.  THE  KNIFE—STABBING  CASE.—Fanny  Ferns,  a  young  ;woman  of  the  town,  was  charged  with  stabbing  a  boy,  about  sixteen  years  of  age,  named  John  Bennett,  yesterday  *ruing,  about  two  o'clock,  in  Ford-street.  The  prosecutor  said  that  at  the  hour  named,  he  was  returning  with  three  other  youths,  from  supping  in  a  cook cookshop,  shop, cookshop,  after  the  play,  when  their  attention  was  attracted  by  moans  in  Ford.-street,  and  imagining  they  proceeded  from  some  woman  in  distress,  they  went  up  the  street  and  Saw  a  female  stooping  over  a  cellar  st  e  p  s  ,  an  d  groan  i  ng  !very  much.  Imagining  that  the  woman  was  hurt,  pro prosecutor  secutor prosecutor  stooped  over  her  and  laid  his  hand  on  her  shoulder,  at  the  same  time  asking  what  was  the  The  prisoner  immediately  jumped  up  and  struck  the  prosecutor  with  a  knife  on  the  side  of  the  face,  inflicting  a  severe  wound.  She  then  shouted  out  Grimes  and  and  two  men  rushed  down  an  entry  armed  with  pokers.  The  police  came  up  soon  afterwards,  and  arrested  the  girl,  who  dropped  the  knife  from  her  hand,  and  prosecutor  charged  her  as  the  per person  son person  who  had  wounded  him.  (The  knife  was  produced,  and  was  one  precisely  similar  to  that  by  which  the  policeman  met  his  death  on  Tuesday.)  The  officers  took  the  lad  to  the  dispensary,  where  the  medical  attendants  found  a  wound  of  two  inches,  such  as  a  knife  would  produce.  The  magistrates  said  that  cases  of  this  kind  were  now  un unfortunately  fortunately unfortunately  becoming  so  common,  that  they  had  determined  to  endeavour  to  put  an  end  to  them.  They,  should  therefore  send  the  prisoner  for  trial  at  the  assizes.  OBTAINING  MONEY  UNDER  FALSE  PRETENCES.—A  man  named  Goldin,  of  respectable  appearance,  was  charged  with  obtaining  money  under  false  pretences.  From  the  evidence  it  appears  that  the  prisoner  went  to  Mr.  Garity,  and  desired  him  to  send  a  box  of  cigars  to  Mr.  Jones,  Everton.  The  prosecutor  said  he  had  no  objection,  as  he  .  was  a  customer,  and  he  sent  his  shop  bay  with  the  'agars,  giving  him  at  the  time  a  receipted  bill.  The  boy  returned,  bringing  back  the  bill,  but  left  the  cigars,  and  said  Mr.  Jones  was  out.  The  prisoner  went  next  day  to  Mrs.  Jones  and  received  a  guinea  for  the  cigars,  and  gave  her  a  receipt.  In  the  mean meantime  time meantime  Mr.  Garity,  the  prosecutor,  sent  his  boy  for  payment  of  the  cigars;  Mrs.  Jones  told  the  lad  that  she  had  paid  it,  and  showed  him  the  receipt,  she  afterwards  called  down  to  Mr.  Garity  and  informed  him  of  all  that  had  passed,  on  which  Mr.,  Garity  had  the  prisoner  apprehended.  He  was  re remanded  manded remanded  for  seven  days.  A  fruit  vender.was  brought  up,  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  grain,  .  weighing  281b5.,  found  concealed  in  her  basket  with  the  apples  over  it.  She  was  committed  for  14  days.  WOMEN'S  RIGHTS—MEN'S  NOSES.—The  female  members,  advocating  Women's  Rights  in  New  York,  have  had  a  terrific  engagement  with  Lloyd  Garrison  and  others  on  the  subject  of  Christianity.  Peace,  love,  and  humility  dissolved  in  a  general  row.'  The  ladies  could  not  con.  vince  Lloyd  Garrison;  and  so  one  of  their  female  champion  s  pulled  his  nose  !  This  is  truly  the  arqumentum  ad  hominem.  A  man's  skull  may  be  so  dense  that  not  even  female  argu arguments  ments arguments  piercingly  delivered  may  penetrate  to  his  brain  ;  but  if  argument  be  too  subtle,  there  is  still  the  convincing  thumb  and  finger.  Missing  a  man's  conviction,  the  noblest  appeal  to  his  reason  is  unquestionably,  to  pull  his  nose  !  We  hear  that  a  pair  of  silver  gauntlets  have  been  presented  by  the  Christian  ladies  to  their  champion  who  pulled  the  nose  of  the  stout  Garrison.  Indeed,  he  pulled  it  so  vigorously,  it  was  at  first  thought  he  had  quite  carried  it.—.Punch._.  WREXHAM  AND  RTITHIN  RAILWAY.—A  new  line  of  railway  from  Wrexham  to  Ruthin  is  projected.  It  is  to  be  1.91  miles  in  length,  and  is  to  be  formed  at  a  cost  of  6,0001.  per  mile,  a  remarkably  low  estimate,  but  one  which,  it  is  said,  is  fully  borne  out  by  the  nature  of  the  ground  over  which  it  is  to  pass,  no  tunnelling,  heavy  bridge-work,  or  deep  cutting,  being  required.  Wrexham  is  the  centre  of  a  populous  mineral  and  manufacturing  district,  and  Ruthin  is  the  assize  town  of  the  county.  The  Shrewsbury  and  Chester  Railway  Company,  with  the  .  principal  landowners,  have  ap approved  proved approved  of  the  scheme,  and  it  is  said  the  former  company  will,  when  constructed,  take  powers  for  its  working.  The  traffic  on  the  line  in  coals  from  the  collieries  of  Brymbo,  Ruabon,  Coedporth,  &amp;e.,  is  expected  to  be  considerable.  AN  ARMY  OF  RESERVE.—The  foreign  correspon correspondent  dent correspondent  of  the  Times  announces  that  the  Porte  has  issued  an  address,  calling  on  those  troops  whose  courage  may  fail  them  to  avow  the  fact  without  hesitation,  so  that  they  may  be  employed  at  a  distance  from  the  scene  of  For  our  own  parts,  having  more  of  the  civil  than  the  military  in  our  composition,  we  sould  expect  the  invitation  to  be  rather  generally  responded  to,  as  the  scenery  of  a  combat  is  of  that  kind  with  reference  to  which  distance  lends  enchantment  to  the  If  the  majority  of  the  troops  of  the  Porte  should  make  a  of  their  desire  to  remain  at  a  respectful  distance  from  the  scene  of  action,  the  whole  affair  might  become  void  for  the  lawyers  expressly  have  it.—Punch."
