text
"pef  excommunication  both  against  it  and  its  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  author—placing  the  one  in  the  index  ex expurgatorius,  purgatorius, expurgatorius,  and  the  other  beyond  the  pale'  of  the  Anglican  communion.  Infallibility,  it  seems,  has  forsaken  the  Vatican  and  taken  up  its  abode  in  a  dark  upper  story  of  King's  College  !  Mirabile  dictu  !  However,  there  is  every  reason  to  believe  that  Mr.  MAURICE  does  not  at  all  acquiesce  in  the  de decision  cision decision  of  the  venerable  Principal  and  his  colleagues  ;  and  that  both  his  work  and  the  tenets  therein  ad advocated,  vocated, advocated,  will  be  quickly  referred  to  a  higher  tribu tribunal,  nal, tribunal,  to  be  judged  of  by  their  merits  and  their  agreement  or  disagreement  with  the  .  doctrines  of  the  English  Church.  These  religious  warfares  are  by  no  means  desira desirable.  ble. desirable.  Their  chief  tendency  is  to  arouse  the  spirit  of  Bigotry,  and  disseminate  ill-will  amongst  men,  thus  making  Religion's  lovely  face  look  foul  In  the  Gorham  we  have  had  ample  evi evidence,  dence, evidence,  without  enumerating  other  instances,  of  the  evils  resulting  from  ecclesiastical  legislation.  It  will  be  remembered  that  in  re  GORHAN,  Clerk,  versus  the  Bishop  of  EXETER,  after  the  archiepiscopal  and  episcopal  authorities  had  failed  to  arrive  at  any  fixed  conclusibn  with  regard  to  the  doctrine  of  baptism,  and  Mr,  GORHAM'S  notions  thereupon—it  was  a  number  of  lawyers  who  had  to  examine  the  rubicon,  study  the  Thirty-nine  Articles,  rake  up  whole  bodies  of  divinity,  and  pro pronounce  nounce pronounce  a  decision  as  to  what  was  and  what  was  not  !  We  regret  exceedingly,  that  the  Council  of  King's  College  should  have  acted  so  injudiciously  as  they  have  done,  in  placing  a  ban  upon  so  emi eminent  nent eminent  a  clergyman  as  Professor  MAURICE.  Few  men  have  distinguished  themselves  so  highly— highlynone  none highlynone  acted  with  more  potent  or  beneficial  effect  upon  the  present  age.  If  petty  intolerance  like  this  be  permitted  in  such  quarters,  and  on  such  grounds,  there  is  no  calculating  the  injury  that  might  accrue  to  our  Schools  of  Learning,  and  the  great  minds  of  which  the  Establishment  itself  might  be  deprived.  If  narrow  boundaries  are  to  be  set  to  thought,  and  take  the  place  which  true  Religion  should  occupy,  then  welcome  the  dark  with  all  their  concomitant  horrors  !  Let  us  grasp  the  chariot-wheels  of  the  world—stay  its  movement—and  commence  our  progress—back progress—backwards  wards progress—backwards  !  THE  Industrial  Conflict  which  fills  our  paper  daily  with  a  variety  of  painful  reports,  appears  to  be  as  far  from  a  sensible  and  peaceable  termina termination  tion termination  as  ever.  The  are  resolute,  and  the  employers  are  resolved  not  to  yield.  And  both  appear  to  keep  as  far  off  from  the  propriety  and  possibilities  of  their  respective  positions  as  one  can  well  conceive.  The  say  show  us  that  the  state  of  trade  will  not  admit  of  an  ad advance  vance advance  of  10  per  cent,  and  we  will  return  to  work  at  our  former  The  employers  reply  up  your  combinations  and  return  to  your  This  is  precisely  the  position  of  affairs  at  Pres Preston,  ton, Preston,  where  the  most  serious  has  taken  place.  And  we  feel  assured  that  the  tone  assumed  by  the  employers  of  that  town  has  been  mainly  instrumental  in  producing  the  that  have  since  occurred  at  other  places.  Now  the  question  is  not  a  matter  in  which  a  dictatorial  spirit  should  be  employed.  All  things  relating  to  pounds,  shillings,  and  pence,  should  be  adjusted  in  good  temper  as  well  as  good  faith.  The  employer  who  feels  himself  released  from  all  the  bonds  which  binds  him  to  trade,  must  be  in  a  position,  if  it  is  not  actually  about,  to  retire  from  business.  We  know  of  no  manufacturer  who  is  so  indepen independent  dent independent  of  trade  as  to  be  able  to  shut  up  his  mill,  unless  he  thinks  that  it  is  more  expedient  to  suspend  business  than  to  carry  on  employment  under  the  existing  circumstances  of  the  country.  If  this  be  the  case  with  the  employers  of  Preston,  the  peace  and  tranquillity  of  the  country,  and  the  prosperity  of  trade,  demand  that  they  should  openly  avow  it.  But  from  all  we  can  glean  from  ill-advised  speeches  and  rambling  placards  on  the  walls  of  the  scene  of  action,  we  are  very  much  disposed  to  believe  the  associated  are  as  much  the  victims  of  a  Cowell  as  the  operatives  themselves.  In  a  placard  which  was  issued  at  Preston,  last  night,  in  defence  of  the  associated  we  have  a  long  statement  of  the  masters'  grievances,  which  concludes  with  the  following  announce announcement  ment announcement  :  The  Associated  Masters  had  no  alternative  but  to  close  their  mill,  unless  they  were  prepared  to  sit  tamely  down  and  see  their  members  ruined  one  by  one  ;  or  the  manage management  ment management  of  their  works  transferred  altogether  into  the  hands  of  strangers,  or  rendered  intolerable  by  their  exactions  and  interference.  In  conclusion,  deeply  as  the  Committee  of  Masters  deplore  the  suffering  necessarily  entailed  upon  the  town,  by  the  present  unhappy  state  of  things,  and  sincerely  anxious  as  they  are  to  obviate  it,  they  cannot  hold  out  the  slightest  hope  of  a  resumption  of  work  so  long  as  the  opera operatives  tives operatives  submit  themselves  to  the  guidance  of  their  present  leaders;  many  of  whom  are  strangers  in  the  town,  others  of  them,  being  mere  traders  in  agitation,  and  all,  having  a  per personal  sonal personal  interest  in  the  continuation  of  the  strike.  As  this  appears  to  be  the  determination  of  the  associated  masters  of  Preston—as  they  are  in  dan danger  ger danger  of  being  ruined  one  by  one—and  as  they  are  afraid  the  management  of  their  own  mills  will  be  taken  out  of  their  hands,  and  transferred  to  stran 'strangers—the'  question  is,  what  is  best  to  be  done  to  restore  tranquillity  to  this  frontispiece  of  that  in industrial  dustrial industrial  agitation  which  is  spreading  itself  over  the  face  of  the  country?  Already  we  are  informed  that  it  is  the  intention  of  the  operatives  of  Preston,  and  other  places  where  strikes  exist,  to  form  emigration  societies,  where,  by  the  payment  of  a  small  weekly  sub subscription,  scription, subscription,  the  operatives  will  be  able  to  take  themselves  and  families  to  the  Continent,  Ame America,  rica, America,  or  Australia,  whichever  may  suit  them  best.  This  movement  when  once  entered  on  by  the  operative  classes  will  probably  lead  the  em employers  ployers employers  of  Preston  to  study  those  organic  principles  which  govern  them  in  their  trade,  and  which  ought  to  guide  them  in  their  dealings  with  their  The  demand  for  cotton-spinners,  weavers,  and  indeed  colliers  and  miners,  is  not  confined  to  Lan Lancashire.  cashire. Lancashire.  Time  - STYLE=superscript  lias  given  to  those  orders  Cif  labbtr  a  universal  value.  We  could  name  many  coun countries  tries countries  which  would  not  only  receive  such  hands,  but  would  actually  pay  their  passage  to  new  fields  of  employment;  and  if  matters  are  suffered  to  remain  much  longer  as  they  are  at  present,  we  may  expect  to  see  our  skilled  hands  reduced  very  materially.  In  fact  the  Colonial  Office  has,  at  this  moment,  a  sum  of  one  million  applicable  to  free  emigration,  and  it  would  be  better  to  see  this  sum  employed  forthwith  to  relieving  several  of  the  disturbed  towns  of  a  portion  of_  their  than  that  the  whole  industrial  business  of  the  country  should  be  convulsed  by  the  fear,  obstinacy,  and  ill-temper  of  a  Committee  of  Associated  We  openly  avow  that  our  sympathies  lean  towards  em•  ployers,  but  still  it  would  be  highly  criminal  for  us  to  shrink  from  the  expression  of  opinions  which  they  may  deem  hostile  to  their  interests,  when  we  see  the  whole  of  our  productive  system  jeopardised  by  a  want  of  cool  discretion,  and  commercial  fore foresight.  sight. foresight.  THE  science  of  marine  propulsion  is  destined,  while  yet  in  its  infancy,  to  further  the  world's  civilisation,  by  giant  or  magic  strides.  •  The  ac accomplishment  complishment accomplishment  of  Ocean  Steam  Navigation,  which  brings  the  most  distant  countries,  with  miraculous  precision,  within  a  few  days  of  each  other,  is  an  achievement  which  redounds  to  the  glory  of  the  present  generation.  In  future  ages,  all  honour  will  be  done  to  the  memory  of  the  steam-voyagers  of  the  glorious  epoch  in  which  we  live.  Yet,  we  must  confess,  that  much  still  remains  for  science  to  do  before  we  can  attain  the  great  ends  of  perfection.  The  science;  of  marine  propulsion  itself,  has  still  to  undergo  a  profound  investigation,  and  all  those  deductions  made,  and  improvements  introduced,  which  our  practical  experience  sug suggests,  gests, suggests,  and  which  the  commercial  interests  involved  actually  require.  The  feat  accomplished  by  the  steam-ships,  Argo  and  Victoria,  in  making  the  passage  out  and  home  from  Australia  in  sixty-four  days,  does  little  more,  however,  than  'establish  the  fact,  that  a  direct  line  of  steam-navigation,  between  those  valuable  pos possessions  sessions possessions  and  the  parent  State,  is  practicable.  And  when  we  come  to  compare  the  time  taken  in  performing  the  distance  between  the  port  of  departure  in  Australia  and  the  port  of  arrival  in  England;  with  what  we  see  achieved  bi-weekly,  by  the  British  and  American  steamers  sailing  from  the  ports  of  Liverpool  and  New  York,  we  find  that  there  is  every  reason  to  believe  that  the  passage  to  and  from  Australia  may  be  accomplished  in  a  _  _"
