text
"AND  DOCK.  COMPANY,  PROVISIONALLY  REGISTERED.  PROVISIONAL  COMMITTEE.  PETER  JAMES  DIXON,  Esq.,  Mayor  of  Carlisle,  Chairman.  Joseph  Ferguson,  Esq.,  M.  P.,  Carlisle.  Jahn  Dixon,  Esq  ,  Knells,  Carlisle.  William  Halton,  Esq  ,  Carlisle.  John  Howson,  Esq.,  Carlisle.  Thomas  Nelson,  Esq.  Murrell  Hill  House,  Carlisle,  Builder.  G.  A.  Thompson,  Esq.,'  Kirkhouse,  Brampton.  Joseph  Rome,  Esq.,  Carlisle.  Robert  Ferguson,  Esq.,  Shadweli  Lodge,  Carlisle.  George  Relph,  Esq.,  Castle  View,  Carlisle.  Robert  Elliot.  Esq.,  M.D.,.  Carlisle.  Mr.  John  Irvine,  Carlisle,  Merchant.  Mr.  George  Robinson,  Carlisle.  Corn  Merchant.  Mr.  Wm.  Robinson  Martindale,  Carlisle,  Druggist.  Mr.  Richard  Jackson,  Moss.Sida,•Wieten,  Yeoman.  -  Mr.  Hugh  McAlpin,  Cummersdale,  Calico  Printer,  Mr.  John  Steel,  Southerfield,  Wigton,  Yeoman.  Mr  Joseph  Forster,  Carlisle,  Ma  , STYLE=superscript  ufacturer.  Mr.  Robert  Pattinson,  Whittrigg,  Bowness,  Yeoman.  Mr.  Jonathan  Dodgson  Carr,  Carlisle,  Biscuit  Manufacturer.  Mr.  John  Clarke  Ferguson.  Stanwix,  Carlisle,  Manufacturer.  Mr.  William  Parker,  Carlisle,  Manufacturer.  Mr.  Isaac  Drape,  Green.rosv  Academy,  WietQn,  Mr.  Thomas  Chambers,  Peluthp,.Wigton,  Yeoman.  Mr.  Joseph  Elope  Carlisle,  Wine  Merchant.  .  btr.  John  Wise,  Whinclese,  Wigton,  Yeoman.  Mr.  John  Bushby.  Carlisle  '  •  Merchant.  Mr.  Robert  Creighton,  Carllale,  Timber  Merchant.  Mr.  Richard  Pattinvon.Carlisle,  Merchant.  Mr.  William  Carrick,  Carlisle,  Hat  Manufacturer.  MY,  Edward  - STYLE=superscript  McGibbon,  Carlisle,  Manufacturer.  Mr.  Isaac  James,  Carlisle,  Iron  Merchant.  Mi.  Ellivood  Brockhank,  Carlisle,  Timber  Merchant.  Mr,  Thommi./31fteklock,  Carlisle,  Merchant.  Mr.  Thomas  Wright,  Cards*  Solicitor.  Mr.  John  Sowerby.  Carlisle,  Druggist,  Mr.  Henry  Tweddle,  Carlisle,.  Painter.  Mr.  Robert  Whitfield,  Carlisle.  Druggist.  Mr,  James  Sihsori;  Carlisle,  Timber  Merchant.  Mr.  William  Teppia,  Cartisie,  Alerchant.  Mr.  Richard  Graham,'Carlisle.Timber  Merchant.  Mr.  Hudson  Scott,  Carlisle,  Stationer.  Mr.  Isaac  Brown,  Carlisle,  Merchant.  With  power  to  add  to  their  number.  ENGINEER.  DOCK  ENGLYEER.  B.  H.  l3lyth,  Esq  ,  Edinburgh.  I  J.  B.  Hartley,  Esq.,  Liverpool  .  MARINE  SURVEYOR.  Captain  Chas.  G.  Holmium],  R.N.,  F.G.S.  BANKERS.  The  Carlisle  and  Cumberland  Banking  Company,  Carlisle.  Messrs.  Hankey  and  Co.,  Londun.  SOLICITOR.  SECRETARY.  John  Nanson,  Esq.,  Carlisle.  I  Mr.  John  Carruthers,  Carlisle.  PROSPECTUS.  rim-Hs.  Company  is  f  orme  d  f  o  r  the  purpose  of  constructin  g  1  2  a  Floating  Dock  an  d  H  ar  b  our  at  Sill  ot  h  B  ay,  i  n  th  e  SolwayFrith,  on  the  Coast  of  Cumberland,  and  connecting  the  same,  by  a  Railway  twelve  miles  and  three  quarters  in  length,,  with  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway,  and  'so  with  the  Junction  of  the  Caledonian,  Lancaster  and  Carlisle,  and  - STYLE=superscript  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  Railways,  at  Carlisle,  twenty-one  miles  distant.  •  A  safe  Port  on  the  North-NV  est  coast  of  England,  where  Vessels  may  enter  and  load  and  discharge  at  all  times  of  the  tide,  has  long  been  required—the  other  Ports  on  that  Coast,  as  Whitehaven,  Workington,  Maryport,  and  Port  Carlisle,  being  dry  harbours,  and  only  accessible  at  tide  time.  Silloth  Bay,  in  the  Solway  Frith,  and  distant  about  twenty-one  miles  from  Carlisle,  is  peculiarly  well  situated  for  the  construction  of  Floating  Docks,  and  a  Harbour  ac accessible  cessible accessible  to  Vessels  at  all  times  of  the  tide,  night  as  well  as  day,  being  a  safe  anchorage,  with  deep  water  .close  to  the  shore,  in  which  large  vessels  may  ride  the  whole  of  the  twenty-four  hours  -the  depth  of  water  at  low  water  of  the  highest  spring  tides  being  from  three-and-a-half  to  eve eveand-a-half  and-a-half eveand-a-half  fathoms.  '  A  Railway  is  now  in  course  of  construction  from  Carlisle  to  Port  Carlisle,  which  will  be  :completed  early  next  year,  and  which  at  Drumbargh,  eight  miles  and  a-half  distant  from  Carlisle,  will  be  within  thirteen  miles.  distance  from  Silloth  Bay.  It  is  proposed,.  with  the  concurrence  and  under  the  sanction  of  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway  Compay,  to  take  advantage  of  this,  and  to  construct  a  Floatin  g  D  oc  k  and  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay,  and  connect  the  same  with  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway,  by  a  line  of  Railway  twelve-and twelve-andthree-quarter-miles  three-quarter-miles twelve-andthree-quarter-miles  in  length;  joining  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway  at  Druinburgh,  thus  making  the  whole  distance  frOm  Silloth  Bay  to  Carlisle  twenty-one  miles.  A  large  and  increasing  trade  is  carried  on  by  Newcastle  and  the  other  Ports  on  the  East  Coast  of  England,  with  the  West  coast  of  England  and  Ireland,  which  the  existing  Ports  on  the  'West  coasts  are  quite  inadequate  to  accommodate.  A  great  part  of  the  traffic  is  now  conducted  in  sailing  resseLs  round  the  South  of  England  or  North  of  Scotland,  the  former  being  a  distance  of  about  1,000  miles,  Whilst  if  goods  carried  across  frOni  ewcastle  to  Silloth  Bay  by  railway  were  shipped  there,  the  distance  to  Ireland  would  be  under  200  miles.  The  important  and  increasing  City  of  C  ar  lisle  is  now  one  of  the  greatest  railway  centres  of  the  kingdom,  --the  Lancaster  and  Carlisle,  the  Caledonian,  the  Glasgow  and  South-Western,  -the  Newcastle  and  Carlisle,  and,  the  Mary Maryport  port Maryport  and  Carlisle  lines  all  meeting  there,  and  another  line  tram  Hawick  to  Carlisle,  in  continuation  of  the  North  British  is  also  in  contemplation.  The  projected  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay  would  be  the  nearest  deep-sea  harbour  to  this  great  centre  of  railways,  and  as  the  Solway  flrith  in  which  it  is  situated  runs  up  so  far  into  the  land,  as  a  glance  at  the  Map  of  England  will  show,  the  Carlisle  and  Silloth  Bay  Railway,  with  the  Port  Carlisle  and  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  Railways  would  form  a  direct  Railway  connection  between  the  Ger German  man German  Ocean  and  the  Irish  Sea  at  the  narrowest  part  of  the  Island.  The  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay  would  thus  afford  the  readiest  and  best  Port  for  the  coal,  coke,  and  manufactnres  of  Newcastle  and  the  surrounding  , STYLE=superscript  district  sent  to  the  Irish  market.  Steamers  would  also  be  enabled  to  ply  between  Silloth  Bay,  and  the  ports  of  Liverpool,  Dublin,  Belfast,  and  other  ports,  by  which  short  and  easy  passages  would  be  afforded  at  regular  hours,  quite  indedendent  of  the,  tides.  •  It  is  proposed,  in  the  first  instance,  to  make  a  Floating  Dock,  at  Silloth  Bay,  of  about  four  acres  area,  which  would  serve  as  in  Entrance  Basin  to  Docks  of  a  larger  area,  to  be  constructed  when  the  increase  of  trade  should  require  them.  The  Line  from  Silloth  Bay  to  Drumburgh,  on  the  Port  Carlise  Railway,  would  pass  through  a  fine  agricultural  country,  and  a  .  considerable  income  from  local  traffic  and  passengers  may  safely  be  anticipated.  A  single  line  only  will  be  laid  down  in  the  first  instance,  but  sufficient  land  will  bp  taken  and  works  constructed  for  a  double  line  when  the  same  may  be  found  necessary.  The  landowners  are  in  general  strongly  in  favour  of  the  line,  and  some  of  them  are  upon  the  Provisional  Committee,  and  promoters  of  the  under undertaking.  taking. undertaking.  The  country  through  which  the  line  passes  is  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  flat  and  level—there  will  be  no  heavy.  earthwork.  or  expensive  works  of  any  kind—and  it  is  estimated  that,  allowing  liberally  - STYLE=superscript  for  all  contingencies,  the  total  costs  of  the  Railway,  including  the  purchase  of  land,  will  not  exceed  £65,000,  being  at  the  rate  of  £5,000  per  mile.  Contrae Contraetors  tors Contraetors  of  undoubted  respectability  are  ready  to  undertake  the  construction  of  the  line  for  this  sum.  The  Estimates  for  the  'Dock  and  Harbour  have  been  pre prepared  pared prepared  by  Mr.  J.  B.  Hartley,  of  Liverpool,  who  has  had  great  experience  in  the  planning  and  carrying  out  of  such  works.  They  aniount  to  £60,500.  The  total  estimated  cost  of  the  works  will  thus  stand  as  follows  :  Cost  of  Railway  •  Cost  of•  Dock  and  Harbour  Parliamentary  and  Preliminary  Expenses  and  Contingencies  £65,000  60,500  Total  The  sources  of  traffic  have  been  carefully  inquired  :into,  and  fully  tested  by  persons  extensively  engaged  in•shipping  and  panufactures  i  and  in  every  way  comp  e  t  en  t  t  o  ma  k  e  a  Correct  estimate  of  the  various  kinds  of  merchandise  that  will  enter  the  harbour  and  pass  over  ,  the  line.  •  Taking  into  account  thepresent  actualtraffic  from  Newcastle  to  Ireland,  now  carried  by  a  long  sea  voyage  round  the  island,  and  which  would  be  diverted  into  the  new.  line,  together  with  the  local  traffic,  a  minimum  return  of  £2O  per  mile  per  week  may  he  safely  calculated  upon  for  the  Railway,  which,  with  the  receipts  from  the  Dock  Dues  '  would  yichi  a  divi dividend  dend dividend  of  upwards  of  six  per  cent.,  a  ft  e  r  ;allowing  50  per  cent.  for  working  expenses.  £135,000  The.  undertaking  has  the  cordial  support  of  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway  Company.  Arrangemeats  will  he  made  with  this  Company,  under  the  sanction  of  Parliament,  for  facilitating  the  carriage  of  goods  over  th,ir  line.  Application!  fur  Shares  in  the  form  annexed,  and  also  for  Maps'  and  Prospectuses,  may  he  made  to  Mr.  JOHN  CARRUTHERS  '  the  Secretary,  or  Messrs.  W.  &amp;  J.  N  ANSON  ,  Solicitors,  at  Carlisle;  and  the  following-B  ro  k  ers  :  —M  esers.  F.  W.  ilint.ald  Co.,  hull;  Messrs.  Redsdale  and  Myers,  Leeds;  M.  Jarnes•Watson,  Glasgow;  Mr.  Oliver  Howden  ?  Edinburgh;  MEssrs.  F.  and  W.  Gillow,  Liverpool:  Messrs.  Hoyland,  Son,  and  Ball,  Manchester  ;  Mr.  H.  8.,  Jones,  Preston  ;  Bragg,  and  Stockdalc,  London;  Drewry  and  Richardson,  Ne  mastic-upon-Tyne.  FORM  OP  APPLICATION.  FOR  SHARES.  To  the  Provisional  Committee  of  the  Carlisle  and  Silloth  Bay  Railway  and  Dock  Company.  Gentlemen,—l  request  that  you  will  allot  to  me  shares  of  twenty-five  pounds  each,  in  this  undertaking;  and  I  agree  to  aecippt  to  same,  or  such  less  number  you  may  al allot  lot allot  me  ;  and  I  undertake  to  pay  the  deposit  of,  two  pounds  ten  shillings  per  ehare  thereon  '  and  to  execute  the  par parliamentary  liamentary parliamentary  contract  and  subscribers'  agreement,  when  re required  quired required  so  to  do.  Dated  this  Name  day  of  Residence  Description  .  ,  lb  MEDICAL  -ADVI-GE.-  TAR.  LEWIS,  Auth  or  of.  several.  Medical  Works,  may  be  consulted  for  the  'speedy  and  effectual  cure  of  Nervous  Debility,  Depression  of  Spirits,  Indigestion,  Illusions  of  the  Mind,  Scorbutic,  Skin,  and  other  diseases,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  Attendance  from  ten  till  two,  and  from  four  to  nine.  Sundays  till  two.  Address  44,  Nelson-street,  Great  George's-square.  Private  entrance  to  surgery,  1,  Bailey-street.  CARLISLE:  AND  SILLOTH  BAY  RAILWAY  CAPITAL,  £135,000,  in  5,400  SHARES  of  £25  Each.  Deposit,  £2  10s.  per  Share."
