text
"Widdin  A  despatch  from  Berlin  states,—that  it  was  ex expected  pected expected  at  St.  Petersburgh  that  the  Emperor  would  shortly  leave  for  the  south.  Orders  had  been-  sent  to  Kief  for  the  immediate  revision  of  the  last  military  census.  -  Reschid  Paella  has  inquired  of  M.  Bruck,  whether,  in  case  of  a  war,  the  Russians  will  be  allowed  to  supply  the  Montenegrins  with  arms  and  the  materials  of  war,  by  the  port  of  Cattaro  A  late  despatch  from  Constantinople,  of  the  announces  a  second  conflict  between  the  Russians  and  Turks,  which  took  place  on  the  Asiatic  coast  of  the  Black  Sea,  and  not  far  from  Battoun.  The  official  Gazette  of  the  Servian  government  contains  a  decree  by  which  every  person  capable  of  bearing  arms  is  ordered  to  possess  himself  of  a  good  serviceable  rifle..  Parties  needing  the  article  may  obtain  it  at  cost  price  from  the  arsenal.  Prince  Alexander  has  assured  the  Porte  that  no  foreign  Power  will  be  allowed  to  violate  the  Servian  territory  The  ✓ STYLE=superscript  passage  of  the  Danube  has  caused  great  excitement  at  Wallachia  in  favour  of  the  Turks  and  against  the  Russians.  This  accounts  for  the  FRANCE  Some  sensation  has  been  created  to-day  by  an  article  in  the  Journal  de  Francfort,  under  the  head  of  Berlin,  dated  the  6th.  This  journal  frequently  receives  communications  from  Berlin  and  Vienna,  which  have  a  semi-official  origin.  In  the  present  article  it  is  stated,  that  the  Porte  has  been  recom recommended  mended recommended  by  Lord  Stratford  de  Redcliffe  to  accept  the  note  of  Vienna,  or  an  equivalent,  on  condition  of  receiving  from  the  Ambassadors  of  the  four  Powers  a  note,  signed  by  their  governments,  and  referring  to  the  declaration  of  the  five  Powers  in  1841,  that  they  desired  to  protect  the  sovereign  rights  of  the  Sultan,  and  to  consolidate  the  peace  of  his  empire.  It  is  considered  by  the  British  Cabinet,  says  the  Journal  de  Erancfort,  that  this  note  in  common  by  the  four  Powers,  ought  to  tranquillise  the  Porte,  and  to  be  regarded  by  it  as  a  guarantee  for  the  future.  We  aro  told  that  France  has  approved  of  the  proposition,  but  that  it  is  by  no  means  certain  that  Austria  and  Prussia  will  consent  to  sign  the  note  suggested  by  England.  It  has  been  decided  in  Council,  that  .25,000  men  shall  be  sent  to  Turkey,  if  the  Emperor  of  Russia  should  persist  in  a  course  of  aggression,  or  demand  pecuniary  indemnity,  as  the  condition  of  his  discontinuing  it.  The  splendid  yacht  called  the  Darrynane,  the  property  of  the  late  Maurice  O'Connell,  Esq.,  M.P.,  was  sold  by  auction  on  Friday,  at  the  mart  of  Mr.  Evans,  Cork,  and  purchased  by  Mr.  George  Scott,  of  Queenstown,  for  £4OO.  It  is  stated  that  the  French  Senate  is  to  be  convoked  for  an  early  day—perhaps  to-day—to  receive  the  notification  of  the  approaching  marriage  of  Prince  Napoleon  (Jerome)  Bonaparte  with  a  Princess  of  Hohenzoller-Sigmaringen  family.  _  Y  FOR  INFANTS.—On  Thursday  an  institution  was  inaugurated,  designed  for  the  care  of  the  young  children  of  those  inhabitants  of  St.  Martin's-in-the-Fields,  whose  daily  occupations  do  not  admit  of  their  bestowing  upon  them  proper  attention.  It  was  opened  under  the  active  superin superintendence  tendence superintendence  of  the  Viscountess  Goderich,  Mrs.  W.  Ewart  Gladstone,  Mrs.  Stuart  Wortley,  Mrs.  Hyde  Parker,  Mrs.  Sydney  Clarke,  and  several  other  parishioners.  WANTON  OUTRAGE.—On  Sunday  evening,  about  half halfpast  past halfpast  seven,  while  the  Rev.  Mr.  M‘Lean,  of  St.  Luke's,  Calton,  was  addressing  his  congregation,  several  stones  were  heard  stricking  against  the  back  walls  and  window windowframes  frames windowframes  of  the  church.  At  length,  one  aimed  with  greater  precision  came  crashing  through  the  window  on  the  right  side  of  the  pulpit,  and  narrowly  missing  the  rev.  gentle gentleman's-head,  man's-head, gentleman's-head,  alighted  in  a  vacant  pew  about  the  centre  of  the  church.  The  congregation  were,  of  course,  much  alarmed.  SUAVITER  IN  Mono.',—The  coarse  language  which,  in  some  reports  of  the  Kossta  affairs  at  Smyrna,  was  put  into  the  mouth  of  the  American  Captain  Ingrakam,  has  called  forth  a  letter  from  that  officer,  in  which  he  ex expresses  presses expresses  his  surprise  and  regret  that  such  ungentlemanly  language  should  have  been  attributed  to  him.  He  says  that  the  whole  intercourse  of  Captain  Schwartz,  of  the  Huzzar,  and  himself,  was  of  the  most  courteons  and  gentle gentlemanly  manly gentlemanly  character,  and  no  unpleasant  word  passed  between  them."
