text
"Carton,  Lady  Call  Lawr  ady  Jane  Peel,  Lady  Cal!,  &amp;c.  brand  given  by  her  Grace  nice  of  Wellington  proposed  the  t  groom,  for  which  Captain  W.  Peel  and  e  severally  returi  the  health  or  Lady  Pe  I  than  To  this  replied,  recalling  the  associations  of  the  lington  and  Peel,  which  the  event  of  the  morning  wa,  lie  proposed  Lord  Tweedale's  health,  when  thg  noble  lord  again  expressed  his  gratifica•  tion  at  the  union.  Earl  Granville  then  said—l  have  been  flattered  with  the  delicate  and  honourable  commission  of  proposing  the  health  of  the  six  young  ladies  who  have  taken  so  prom prominent  inent prominent  a  part  in  adorning  the  ceremony  of  this  day.  It  is  impossible.  without  emotion,  to  behold  under  'this  roof,  on  such  an  occasion,,the  two  sons  of  Wellington  and  Peel  -especially  where  the  sister  of  a  lady  Whose  tenderness  and  devotion  to  the  Great  Duke  will  render  her  insepar inseparably  ably inseparably  Connected  With  the  later  days  of  his  history— historyis  is historyis  about  to  form,  as  her  noble  father  has  happily  described  it,  a  link  which  unites  both  of  those  illustrious  families.  Of  Sir  Robert  Peel  I  can  speak  .  from  my  own  personal  knowledge  as  a  fellow-countryman  and  a  brother  yeoman.  This  much  perhaps  I  may  be  permitted  to  say,  that  the  character  of  the  bridegroom  is  worthy  the  gentleness  and  beauty  of  the  bride.  .  I  hardly  know  any  story  of  modern  times  equalling  in  romantic  danger  and  interest  that  sudden  and  terrible  midnight  plunge,  which  Sir  Robert  Peel  made  from  a  sinking  ship  in  the  Mediterranean,  where  his  cour courage  age courage  and  intrepidily  alone  saved  him  from  the  peril  of  a  premature  death.  The  plung  he  has  made  this  day  has  not  been  in  the  dark.  and  I  don't  think  it  has  required  much  moral  courage.  But  for  you,  young  ladies  (t..  to  the  bridesmaids),  it  is,  nevertheless,  a  solemn  warning.  The  plunge  he  has  this  day  made  is  a  pl  unge  th  a  t  must  come  at  last  to  all  of  you.  Believe  me,  the  longer  you  stand  shivering.on  the  brink,  the  more  violent  will  be  the  shock  when  it,  occurs.  The  noble  earl's  speech  caused  much  laughter,  which  had  hardly  ceased  when  'Lord  Palmerston  rose  to'respond  for  the  bridesmaids.  His  lordship  said—On  the  part  of  the  bridesmaids,  whose  cham champion  pion champion  I  are,  I  beg  to  return  you  their  thanks.  Fortunately,  —without  any  disparagement  to  their  charms,  —I  am  de deprived  prived deprived  of  that  qualification  which  I  think  all  ought  to  pos possess  sess possess  who  are  called  upon  to  perform  my  duty.  But  I,  can  assure  you  that  the  graces  of  these  young  ladies  no  less  command  my  admiration  than  that  of  the  young  gentlemen,  so  many  of  whom  I  see  around  me  exhibiting  signs  of  envy  of  the  proud  position  which  lam  permitted  to  occupy.  In  these  days  of  negotiation  it  is  the  fashion  to  depend  much  on  the  mediation  of  intervening  parties.  (A.  laugh.)  I  strongly  recommend  those  young  gentlemen  who  are  about  to  enter  upon  tender  diplomacies,  not  to  have  recourse  to  any  such  mediating  parties,  but  to  use  direct  negotia negotiation,  tion, negotiation,  which,  although  not  always  successful  in  politics,  is  by  far  the  best  plan.  If  my  recommendation  be  adopted,  I  have  lit`le  doubt  that,  before  this  day.  twelvemonths,  I  shall  have  the  honour  to  assist  at  several  successful  negoti negotiations  ations negotiations  between  the  young  gentlemen  whom  I  see  before  me  and  the  fair  maidens  whom,l  have  now  the  honour  to  re represent.  present. represent.  There  is  an  old  song,  ladies  and  gentlemen,  the  refrain  of  which  I  remember.  runs  thus  4 STYLE=superscript  ‘  She  is  a  charming  woman,  And  he  is  a  fortunate  arnin2  In  the  caves  before  me  I  doubt.not  the  virtues  and  prosperity  are  shared  alike  in  the  same  proportions,  and  will  ensure  to  the  successful  negociators  lasting  affection  and  permanent  happiness  for  their  joint  lives.  .  The  noble  viscount's  happy  address  was  received  with  unanimous  applause,  and  made  a  fitting  close  for  the  ban banquet,  quet, banquet,  the  company  shortly  afterwards  retiring  to  the  draw drawio  io- drawio  g-room  The  bridesmaids  were  Ladies  Jane  and  Julia  Hay,  sisters  of  the  ,bride,  the  Misses  Peel,  and  Lady  Louisa  Hamilton.  The  happy  couple  shortly  afterwards  left  en  route  for  Drayton  Manor,  the  Right  Honourable  Baronet's  seat,  to  spend  the  honeymoon.  On  their  arrival  at  Tamworth,  they  were  received  liveliest  Mani Manifestations,  festations, Manifestations,  of  joy.  The  tenantry  of  the  district  were  on  the  qui  vine,  the  bells  rang  forth  merry  peals,  and  the  iisual  demonstrations  of  rejoicing  were  evinced.  The  judicious  arrangements  at  the  station,  and  the  cordial  reception  and  welcome  made  to'  the  gallant  bridegroom  and  his  fair  bride,  were  satisfactory  ina  , STYLE=superscript  ugurations'of  a  happy  future  to  the  deservedly  respected  couple.  DREADFUL  SUFFERINGS  OF  A  SHIP'S  COMPANY.  d  rcts  heei  ncie  l  vtc  n  leseod  o  tst  uhshareeol  then  the  t  i  hhe  p  eer  p  ioDfnr  accountvgou  nm  :  n  i  hec  n  reatn  t  noh  e  Ipfei  published,  eani  Ritchie,sse  htv  e  eee  rds  o  ,  f  eebAl  1  iyo  a  rn  s  i  sg  t  rt  Coundon,i  rat,  week.  French,  to  ro  et  w  nsh  ce  that  hntw,  r  dt  e  hhie  p  oaer  o  ls  ac  r  no  t  r  e  red  upon  the  coast  o  f  N  ewfoundland,  on  the  25th  of  December.  ves vessel  sel vessel  was  stranded  on  the  25th  of  November,  two  miles  west  of  Hermitage  Bay,  and  giving  a  most.heart-rending  nar narrative  rative narrative  of  the  suffering  of  the  crew.  He  states  that  on  the  16th  of  November,  when  between  Cape  Ray  and  St.  Paul's,  he  put  the  ship  under  close.reefed  top topsails,  sails, topsails,  the  wind  blowing  a  strong  gale.  The  pumps  were  carefully  attended  to,  but  the  vessel  made  little  or  no  water  at  that  time.  Towards  midnight  the  wind  began  to  veer  to  the  eastward,  blowing  a  perfect  gale,  varying  from  every  point  of  the  compass,  the  cross  sea  causing  the  ship  to  labour  and  strain  much.  The  wind  then  got  into  the  N.W.,  and  blew,  if  possible,  harder,  the  ship  making  more  water.  Towards  daybreak,  while  in  the  act  of  veering  the  ship  before  the  wind,  a  heavy  sea  struck  her  on  the  starboard  side,  carrying  away  quarter  boat,  bulwarks,  stanchions,  filling  the  deck,  taking  an  ordinary  seaman  overboard,  and  causing  the  ship  to  make  agreat  deal  more  water.  The  master  got  the  ship  before  wind,  and  kept  both  pumps  going.  He  ran  her  five  hours  before  the  gale,  but  the  leak  gained  fast  on  the  pumps,  when  the  ship  became  unmanageable.  At  about  ten  a.m.,  he  furled  both  topsails,  and  ran  bare  poles, STYLE=superscript  keeping  both  pumps  going.  He  sent  the  carpenter  into  the  lazaretto,  but  before  that  officer  could  get  on  deck  again  the  water  was  three  feet  in  the  lower  deck,  At  noon  the  vessel  filled  and  blew  up  the  hatches.  At  that  moment  the  master  saw  nothing  be before  fore before  him  hut  death,  for  the  wind  and  sea  were  dreadful.  He  ordered  all  hands  into  the  rigging,  and  brought  the  ship  to.  She  came  to  the  wind,  but  the  first  sea  swept  the  deecs  of  everything—boats,  water-casks,  front  of  the  cabia  _everything  overboard,  both  inside  and  out  of  the  cabin.  The  master,  chief  mate,  and  second  mate,  had  not  a  change  of  clothes  to  put  on.  The  crew  remained  24  hours  in  the  tops.  It  was  snowing  and  freezing  all  the  time.  Some  of  t  h  e  cre  w  were  so.  benumbed  that  they  could  not  move.  The  master  and  a  few  of  the  men  got  on  deck,  and  got  out  of  the  cabin  about STYLE=superscript  half  a  hundred  weight  of  bread  from  the  top  of  the  bre7d  locker  that  was  not  wet  with  salt  water,  and  conveyed  it  to  the  tops—nine  men  in  each  top,  in  which  they  remained  24  hours  longer.  The  gale  moderated  a  little  ;  they  then  cut  all  away  above  the  mast  heads,  which  eased  her  very  much.  Towards  night  again  the  gale  in increased.  creased. increased.  They  had  to  take  to  the  tops  again,  and  there  they  remained  four  nights  longer.  Part  of  the  crew  on  each  top  began  to  lose  the  use  of  their  feet  and  hands,  and—what  was  worse—they  had  not  a  drop  of  water,  and  their  thirst  w  as  f  ear  f  u  l  ,  which  made  them  look  at  each  other  with  frightful  despair.  The  looks  of  the  men,  the  master  states,  he  will  never  forget,  for  hunger  is.nothing  to  thirst,  and  the  cold  was  so  piercing  he  thought  that  the  crew  would  all  have  been  frozen  to  death.  On  the  6th  day  six  of  the  crew  were  unable  to  move,  having  no  use  of  their  feet  or  legs,  and  those  who  were  not  so  bad  had  to  carry  the  others  down.  In  this  sad  condition  the  master  says  that  his  crew  seemed  to  want  nothing  but  water.  But  God  remem remembered  bered remembered  them  in  His  mercy,  for  it  remained  calm  for  about  eight  hour's,  and  snowed.  They  then  saved  about  nine  gallons  of  snow  water,  and  Rot  it  up  into  each  top.  The  next  morning  at  daybreak  the  Isle  of  Miquelon  was  in  view.  It  lies  about  six  miles  to  the  westward  of  St.  Peter's,  and  was  about  ten  miles  from  the  ship;  but  they  had  no  boats  to  help  them.  On  the  having  eig  the  seventh  day  tL  e  y  had  to  take  to  the  tops  a  ga  i  n  f  or  20  hours  eighth  d  c  a  a  y  rry  th  t  e  h  w  e  i  hti  eha  frost-bitten  nged.  men  Th  e  up  e  them.tnly  shailsleft  we  On  e  the  fore  and  maintop  sails.  They  got  them  set,  and  drifted,  and  sailed  down  upon  the  coast  of  Newfoundland.  On  the  fmorning  ashore.o  of  the  ninth  Ath  t  etime  day,beingmeshe STYLE=superscript  w  November  2rse  the  tht  he  shi  masterp  had  eleven  men  frostbitten  ;  but  after  she  went  ashore  they  all  remained  thirty-six  hours  on  the  wreck  before  they  -got  any  assistance.  They  made  a  raft.  The  chief  mate  and  two  m'n  got  safe  ashore,  but  could  not  discover  any  inhabitants.  The  ship  began  to  break  up;  but,  fortunately,  on  the  26th,  three  fishing-.boats  took  the  paor  fellows  off  the  wreck  and  landed  them.  The  master  wrote  his  letter  in  bed,  and  he  was  sorry  to  state  that  the  people  living  on  the  coast  were  not  h  ionly  unfortunate  vessel,hey  willbut  w  h  e  e  r  s  e  en  st  t  ea  he  li  tu  ng  e.  the  effects  of  crew.  They  A  letter  received  from  Father  Mathew  say  Since  my  return  to  Ireland  (from  Madeira),  I  have  not  left  for  a  single  any  my  dear  brother's  house,  to  which  I  am  confined  by  illness.  My  heart  is  still,  thank  God,  as  ardent  as  ever  in  the  glorious  calve  of  Le  Nord  of  Wednesday  publishes  a  supplement,  to  enable  it  to  reprint  Mr.  Cobden's  pamphlet,  the  earnest  talent  and  the  loyal  intentions  of  the  writer,  imparting's°  great  an  importance  to  his  brochure,  that  we  believe  it  to  be  our  duty  to  place  it  before  the  eyes  of  our  readers  BEERSELLERS'  C.  iect,  r  :reef,  4  Vauxhall-  a  prison.  en  disposed  of  LOC;I.Y  SHOW  ;  Joseph  lz  Leah  (BEFORE  MR.  BOLTON.)  sx  !-A  porter,  named  John  Han  'unnicliffe,  and  Co.,  from  the  Dut  price  of  dr.  Lupton,  warchousem  so  of  a  warehou  , STYLE=superscript  ner  used  for.mer  )  the  ware  the  dock,  y  to  work  about  it  From  t  appeared  that  arehouse.  The  opened  a  eat  h  [1  he  s:  ewer  of  b,  down,  and  he  put  the  bag  under  them  to  prevent  the  los  fie  was  committed  for  three  months  ;  he  had  been  convict  previously.  A  BAD  Boy.--A  boy,  named  Matthew  Oxley,  at.;patently  about  thirteen  years  of  age,  the  son  of  a  cutler,  was  charged  by  his  mother  with  having  stolen  a  piece  of  cotton,  which  he  sold  for  twopence.  The  poor  woman  said  she  had  tried  every  means  to  reform  the  lad,  but  all  to  no  purpose,  as  he  stole  every  -onld  lay  his  hands  on.  He  bad  been  charged  by  his  th;n7s.  and  she  really  er  four  tiro  previOu  did  not  know  what  to  pay  for  him  in  a  rcforr  to  be  taken  before  Mr.  Mans.  ,  who  would  order  sary  steps  to  be  taken  to  have  him  sent  to  a  reformatory.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY.—James  Nagle,  Mary  Nagle,  and  James  Murphy,  were  brought  up  by  detective  officers  Scaife  and  Thompson,  charged  on  suspicio'n  of  being  concerned  in  extensive  robberies  of  the  boot  and  shoe  shops  through  town,  for  some  time  past.  The  first  case  taken  was  that  of  Mr.  Desore,  of  Boundary-street,  London-road,  whose  shop  was  broken  into  on  the  night  of  the  19th  December,  and  twenty twentytwo  two twentytwo  pairs  of  boots  and  shoes  stolen.  On  the  20th,  some  of  the  property  was  pledged  at  the  pawnshop  of  Mr.  Barton,  Birken Birkenhead,  head, Birkenhead,  and  the  officers  having  discovered  this,  it  led  to  the  subsequent  arrest  of  the  prisoners,  who  resided  at  No.  2,  Prudhoe  -street.  An  assistant  in  the  shop  of  Mr.  Barlow,  proved  that  the  female  prisoner  pledged  the  boots.  In  reply  to  Mr.  Wybergh,  he  said  the  prisoner  told  him  the  boots  were  het  own,  and  he  was  satisfied  she  was  correct.  Mr.  Bolton  said  it  , STYLE=superscript  ,was  quite  improper,  on  the  part  of  the  pawnbroker,  to  take  in  such  property.  It  was  very  suspicious,  on  the  part  of  the  pawnbroker,  to  take  odd  boots  and  shoes,  as  these  were,  without  proper  enquiry:  Miss  Margaret  Gracie.  the  daughter  of  a  pawnbroker,  residing  at  Birkenhead,  proved  that  the  female  prisoner  pledged  shoes,  &amp;c.,  with  her,  and  told  her  that  they  were  made  by  her  '  father  and  mother,  and  she  felt  satisfied  all  was  correct.  It  appeared  that  the  shops  of  Mr.  Williams,  Soho  street,  and  Mr.  Browning,  of  London  road,  were  broken  into  and  robbed—the  latter  of  23,  and  the  former  of  12,  pairs  of  boots  and  shoes.  A  considerable  quantity  of  the  property  was  found  pledged  in  several  pawnbrokers,  and  among  them  were  Mr.  Pryer,  Hill Hillstreet,  street, Hillstreet,  in  reference  to  whose  conduct  Mr.  Bolton  said  it  was  so  had  that  it  afforded  facilities  to  robbers  to  dispose  of  property.  The  pawn-tickets  relating  to  the  pledged  property  were  found  by  the  officers  in  the  residence  of  the  prisoners,  and  after  the  examination  of  several  witnesses  the  evidence  was  deemed  quite  complete,  and  the  prisoners  were  - STYLE=superscript  fully  committed  for  trial  at'the  sessions.  4-t  a  general  tregao?a  of  FtM.  ,  Leverrier,  on  Monday,  much  interest  was  occasioned  by  the  famous  glass,  now  nearly  finished,  to  complete  which  M.  Arago  receivad  from  the  Chamber  of-,  100,000  franca,  and  by  which,  said  the  illustriot  nomer,  shall-he  able  at  last  to  see  the  moon,  as  ich  savans  at  the  house  of  epresentitivc  Montmartre  from  the  Boul  ltalien  THE  LICHFIELD  BANK  FAILIIRE.—It  lug  been  discovered  that  a  clerk,  who  was  for  more  than  thirty  years  in  this  bank,  is  a  defaulter  to  the  amount  of  £1,300.  His  -  is  Lawton,  and  it  r  . STYLE=superscript  ppears  that  he  was  in  the  habit  of  re•  issuing  notes  which  had  been  considered  cancelled.  He  states  that  the  money  was  used  for  the  purpose  of  enabling  a  lady  to  prosecute  a  Chancery  suit,  and  that  it  is  not  improbable  the  money  will  be  repaid.  Lawton  was  taken  into  custody  on  Wednesday,  and  was  taken  before  tha  tnAgistrates  at  Birminrrham  on  Thursday  '  •  .  obtained,  The  prisoner  and  Was,  it  is  stated  ~  an  unmarried  man  0  per  an  He  h  , STYLE=superscript  upplied  the  information,  in  consequez“.,  been  taken  into  custody.  ADMINISTR  kTIVE  AND  'UNIVERSITY  REFORM.—  Heywood,  M.P.,  lectured  at  the  Manchester  Athenmum  on  Monday,  on  those  subjects.  He  gave  several  anecdotes  illustrative  of  the  necessity  for  adnainistrative  reform  in  this  country,  and  praised  the  Americans  for  their  anpoint anpointtuent  tuent anpointtuent  of  public  men  independently  of  aristocratic  influence.  He  gave  the  following  Russian  anecdote  :—He  knew  for  a  fact  that,  some  years  ago,  a  large  contract  for  iron  was  made  by  Sir  John  Guest  with  the  late  Emperor  of  Russia  for  50,000  tons.  Well,  he  had  also  heard  a  story  in  con connection  nection connection  with  the  contract,  that  whilst  Sir  John  Guest  received  61  per  ton,  the  Emperor  paid  9/  per  ton,  the  inter intermediate  mediate intermediate  sum  of  150,0001  going  to  the  ministers  of  Russia.  Mr.  Heywood  then  referred  to  university  reform,  and  read  a  memorial  signed  by  himself  .and  other  3  and  addressed  to  Prince  Albert,  as  Ch  ance  ll  or  of  the  University  of  Cambridge,  praying  for  reform  of  the  university  by  the  abolition  of  religious  tests,  compulsory  celibacy  of  fellows,  and  other  ancient  restrictions.  In  reply,  Prince  Albert  (through  his  secretary)  stated  that  he  did  not  possess,  as  Chancellor,  any  jurisdiction  or  authority  separate  from  the  governing  body  of  the  university,  to  whom  he  therefore  had  referred  the  memorial.  BRANDY  FROM  COAL.—Brandy  distilled  from  coal  is  one  of  the  proposed  applications  of  chemical  science  to  sup support  port support  the  wants  of  man,  which  is  just  now  creating  some  sensation.  Hitherto  brandy  has  been  made  indifferently  from  potatoes,  wine,  beetroot,  and  other  vegetable  sources  ;  but  from  coal,  villainous  black  mineral,!mira mineral,!mirabile  bile mineral,!mirabile  dicttc!  The  experiments  of  Berthelot,  which  demons demonstrated  trated demonstrated  the  possibility  of  producing  alcohol  from  common  coal,  have  so  seized  upon  the  imagination  of  some  French  Yankees,  that  it  is  seriously  proposed  .to  distil  alcohol  first  from  coal,  and  after  dilution  to  give  it  the  colour  and  taste  of  the  best  vin  cognac.  I  have  no  doubt  that  the  thing  will  be  tried,  for  brandies  have  risen  enormously.  Possibly  it  may  succeed,  for  Frenchmen  are  not  only  ingenious,  patient,  and  persevering,  but  very  enterprising.  For  the  information,  probably  amu'ement,  of  your  readers,  I  may  state  that  the  modus  operandi  is  as  follows:  Coal  gas  is  first  distilled  in  the  ordinary  way,  and  con conducted  ducted conducted  into  a  receiver.  It  contains  about  eight  per  cent  of  hydrogenous  bi-carbon  in  a  gaseous:state,  which  is  separated  therefrom  (rather  a  complicated  affair),  and  introduced  into  a  close  vessel,  containing  sulphuric  acid  ;  the  vessel  is  agitated  until  the  acid  absorbs  the  gas.  Water  is  then  mixed  with  it,  and  the  whole  distilled  for  alcohol,  which  is  brought  over.  Good  news  for  the  Lon Londonderrys  donderrys Londonderrys  and  Lambtons,  if  the  chemical  experiment  should  prove  capable  of  being  applied  to  a  manufacturing  purpose.  Our  coati  districts  transformed  into  brandy brandyproducing  producing brandyproducing  countries,  rivalling  with  Angouleme  itself,  will  be  one  of  the  curiosities  of  the  nineteenth  century,  although,  probably,  our  children  may  find  nothing  unusual  in  asking  for  a  drop  of  the  best  old  Northumberland,  or,  a  glass  of  Durham  water,  hot,  with  a  slice  of  lemon,  and  not  too  much  sugar.—Alining  Journal.  MURDER  OF  ABo  y.—A  few  days  ago  the  body  of  a  lad,  four  years  old,  was  discovered  in  the  river  Exe,  near  Starcross  ;  and  the  state  in  which  it  was  found  indicates  too  plainly  that  the  deceased  had  come  by  his  death  by  foul  means.  The  face  and  head  were  enveloped  in  a  black  apron,  which  was  Dinned  tightly,  and  fastened  by  strings  round  the  body.  A  coroner's  inquest  has  been  held,  at  which  Dr.  Pycroft,  who  had  made  a  post-mortem  exami examination  nation examination  of  the  body,  gave  it  as  his  opinion  that  death  was  produced  by  violent  means.  A  verdict  of  Wilful  murder  against  some  person  or  persons  has  been  returned,  and  active  steps  are  being  taken  to  obtain  a  clue  to  the  perpretator  or  perpretators  of  the  murder  THE  ATTEMPTED  ROBBERY  AT  CHURWELL  nesday,  an  inquest  was  held  at  the  Leeds  Court-hotk  before  Mr,  Blackburn,  borough  co  G  roner,  on  t  h  e  b  ody  David  Steel,  who  had  died  from  a  gunshot  wound  re received  ceived received  during  a  struggle  which  took  place  on  Sunday  morning  last,  on  the  premises  of  Messrs.  Crowther  and  Co.,  woollen-cloth  manufacturers,  of  Churwell,  between  a  gang  of  thieves  and  a  number  of  watchers.  The  evidence  tendered  on  this  occasion  showed  that  after  the  thieves  came  out  of  the  mill,  two  of  the  watchers,  named  Holroyd  and  Hirst.  rushed  forward,  the  latter  calling  out  to  the  thieves,  y  ou  don't  stand,  I'll  ImmediatelY  afterwards  Holr  o  yd  was  knocked  down,  and  then  a  shot  was  fired  by  th  e  thieves,  apparentlyfrom  a  pistol.  Hi  rs  t  heard  the'  whiz  of  the  shot-aitpssed  close  to  hi  m  on  his  right  sid  e,  and  he  immediately  fired  in  the  directi  on  o  f  the  thieve  s  .  The  deceased  then  ran  past  him  in  the  direction  of  the  watchhouse,  which  communicates  with  the  road,  but  fell  near  the  door.  lie  lay  there  for  a  short  time,  until  the  other  thieves  had  been  secured  after  a  very  desperate  struggle,  when  he  was  found  in  an  exhausted  state.  lie  was  removed  to  the  Leeds  Infirmary,  where  he  died  on  Tuesday  morning.  After  a  lengthened  inquiry,  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  Richardson,  one  of  the  watchmen,  who  was  seriously  injured,  is  recovering.  of  which  he  has  7  0n_  Wed.  TRADE  REPORT  -FRIDAY  Corroisi:  In  the  cornmelij•lne  nt  of  the  week  general  dulness  characterised  the  Cotton  Market,  but  prices  re remained  mained remained  without  material  change  ;  yesterday,  howevef,  on  receipt  of  —'  announcing  the  unconditional  terms  propesed  by  the  Allies,  a  brisk  demand  was  expe-  I  acceptance  by  lidiisii,  of  th  I  considerabl  zeneral"
