text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAIIX  TIMES.  1  4 STYLE=superscript  HE  PRESTON  STRIKE.  MEETING  OF  THE  MIDDLE  CLASSES.  [FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.]  PRESTON,  TUESDAY.—With  the  view  of  obtaining  in increased  creased increased  support  from  the  inhabitants  generally,  the  leaders  of  this  movemement  deemed  it  expedient  to  convene  a  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  the  middle  classes,  in  order  that  they  might  be  made  acquainted  with  the  origin  and  present  position  of  this  dis dispute.  pute. dispute.  That  meeting,  which  was  called  by  circular,  took  place  in  the  theatre  last  night.  The  spacious  building  was  crowded  to  excess  in  every  part  ;  the  audience  including  many  tradespeople  and  other  respectable  inhabitants  of  the  town.  Mr.  Councillor  DIXON  consented  to  preside.  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  opening  the  proceedings,  remarked  that  he  had  taken  no  part  in  this  movement,  either  on  one  side  or  the  other  ;  and  nothing  but  the  vastlimportance  of  the  subject  would  have  induced  him  to  stand  before  so  numerous  an  assembla  g  e  as  he  then  saw  before  him.  It  was  too  well  known  that  for  a  considerable  time  a  dispute  had  existed  between  the  employers  and  the  employed  in  this  town.  That  dispute  unfortunately  became  more  fearful  in  its  consequences  as  days  and  weeks  rolled  on;  and  a  man  indeed  must  have  a  callous  heart  if  he  could  not  feel  for  the  distresses  and  wants  of  those  who  were  involved  in  this  struggle.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  knew  very  little  of  the  merits  or  demerits  of  the  case  beyond  what  he  had  read  in  the  public  papers.  But  he  appeared  before  them  as  an  Englishman,  anxious  for  an  amicable  settlement  of  this  disastrous  dispute.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  object  of  the  meeting  was  to  give  the  inhabitants  of  Preston  a  full  and  fair  explanation  of  the  question  at  issue  between  the  contending  parties  ;  and  he  hoped  that  no  per personal  sonal personal  or  offensive  remarks  would  be  indulged_in  by  any  of  the  speakers  on  that  occasion.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  congra congratulated  tulated congratulated  the  operatives  on  the  very  peaceable  and  orderly  manner  in  which  they  had  hitherto  conducted  this  most  serious  struggle  ;  he  hoped  they  would  continue  to  pursue  the  same  creditable  course,  and  that  under  no  circumstances  should  the  peace  of  the  town  be  disturbed.  (Cheers.)  The  chairman  then  introduced  Mr.  COWELL,  who  sketched  the  history  of  this  movement  from  its  commencement  to  the  present  time,  adding  that  the  operatives  were  still  willing  to  refer  the  matter  to  arbitration.  After  intimating  that  he  .should  be  happy  to  answer  any  question  which  might  be  put  to  him,  the  speaker  concluded  by  moving  the  first  resolution,  which  was  as  follows  :  That  this  meeting  is  of  opinion  that  the  master  manu manufacturers  facturers manufacturers  of  Preston  have  not  acted  in  accordance  with  justice  by  .  debarring  so  many  thousands  of  their  operatives  from  earning  their  daily  bread,  and  thus  bringing  on  our  town  that  amount  of  poverty  and  privation  we  are  sorry  to  find  ourselves  placed  Mr.  GALLAGHER  seconded  the  resolution,  stating  that  the  masters  of  Oldham,  where  the  work  was  similar  to  that  performed  in  Preston,  paid  their  operatives  between  ss.  and  6s.  per  week  more  than  the  hands  received  in  this  town.  In  Blackburn,  also,  and  in  many  other  places  which  he  might  enumerate  if  necessary,  higher  wages  were  paid  than  in  Preston.  It  had  been  alleged  by  the  millowners  of  this  town  that  the  state  of  trade  would  not  allow  them  to  advance  their  prices.  In  reply,  he  begged  to  ask  how  the  millowners  of  other  towns  were  enabled  to  pay  so  much  more  than  themselves  ?  (Hear,  hear).  In  conclusion  he  appealed  to  the  meeting  to  lend  the  operatives  their  sympathy  and  support  in  the  present  struggle.  (Cheers).  Mr.  GEORGE  ECCLES  supported  the  resolution.  He  con contended  tended contended  that  the  spinners  were  justified  in  seeking  an  equali equalisation  sation equalisation  of  prices.  There  was  a  certain  millowner  in  this  town  who  paid  2s.  32d.  for  spinning  100  lbs  of  32's  twist;  there  was  another,  with  the  same  kind  of  machinery,  who  paid  3s.  32d  for  the  same  work.  (Shame).  whilst  working  for  one  gentleman,  the  largest  manufacturer  in  Preston,  all  he  could  earn  by  his  utmost  exertions  was  10s.  6d.  per  week.  He  was  informed  that  he  spun  by  length  so  much  per  thousand  draws  ;  but  he  had  nothing  to  tell  him  how  much  he  spun.  At  other  mills  they  had  indicators  ;  but  at  the  place  he  was  speaking  of,  the  hands  knew  nothing  about  the  amount  of  work  they  had  done  until  the  end  of  the  week.  If  he  had  worked  exceedingly  hard,  he  was  patted  on  the  shoulder  and  thus  addressed  good  lad  George,  thou's  done  a  good  week's  work;  here's  twopence  for  (Laughter)  On  going  to  another  mill  in  the  same  town,  with  the  same  kind  of  work,  and  similar  ma machinery,  chinery, machinery,  he  was  able  to  earn  16s.  (Expressions  of  surprise).  Under  these  circumstances,  he  asked  whether  the  operatives  of  Preston  were  not  faithful  in  claiming  a  standard  list  Of  prices  ?  (Hear,  hear).  He  appealed  to  the  middle  class  to  aid  the  operatives  with  their  subscriptions,  remembering  that  smallest  help,  if  rightly  given,  •  Will  make  the  impulse  And  he  certainly  did  hope,  with  the  poet,  It  will  be  strong  enough  one  day.  So  wait  a  little  (Loud  applause).  Previous  to  putting  the  resolution  the  Chairman  repeated  Mr.  Cowell's  offer  to  answer  any  question  that  might  Too  poi.  to  him.  Upon  this,  A  person  in  the  gallery  asked  whether  Mr.  Cowell  was  prepared  to  show  that  the  Blackburn  prices  for  weaving  were  higher  than  those  paid  in  Preston.  Mr.  Co  WELL  I  =actin  uummumueut  vu  Ciatuiday  that  the  hands  employed  by  Messrs  Horrocks,  Miller  and  Co.  received  from  15  to  20  per  cent.  below  the  operatives  of  Blackburn.  I  also  beg  leave  to  state  that  the  gentlemen  named  paid  considerably  less  than  some  of  the  manufac manufacturers  turers manufacturers  whose  miils  are  now  running.  lam  sorry  to  say  that  a  correct  list  of  the  prices  paid  at  the  various  mills  is  very  difficult  to  obtain;  but  I  have  a  return  of  the  prices  paid  by  Messrs  Horrocks,  Miller  and  Co.,  and  Mr.  Paul  Catterall.  I  gave  a  sovereign  for  it,  and  we  are  going  to  publish  it.  We'll  post  upon  the  walls  the  prices  paid  in  Oldham,  Stock Stockport,  port, Stockport,  Blackburn,  and  Preston,  and  then  the  public  shall  judge  between  us  and  our  late  employers.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  B.  HUMPHRIES  introduced  the  second  resolution  :  That  we,  the  people  of  Preston,  deeply  sympathise  with  the  factory  operatives  in  their  present  unhappy  dispute  with  their  employers,  and  pledge  ourselves  that  so  long  as  they  continue  to  be  governed  by  the  same  good  conduct  as  has  hitherto  characterised  their  proceedings,  they  0,8,11  have  our  sympathy  and  The  speaker  observed  that  having  worked  in  a  mill  26  or  27  years,  he  had  had  some  little  experience  of  that  kind  of  life  ;  and  he  did  not  hesitate  to  declare  that  factory  opera operatives  tives operatives  were  the  greatest  slaves  in  the  world.  He  worked  at  one  mill  in  Manchester,  where  jie  was  paid  Bs.  4d.  per  cut  of  100  yards.  Since  then  he  had  worked  for  a  mill  in  this  town,  and  for  190  yards  he  only  received  4s.  6d.  (Surprise.)  If  the  factory  operatives  of  this  country  did  not  arouse  themselves  they  would  soon  be  in  as  degraded  a  position  as  the  poor  Irish.  Mr.  JAS.  WADDINGTON  seconded  the  resolution.  Mr.  ROBERT  RICHARDSON  supported  the  resolution.  He  said  there  was  not  an  operative  cotton-spinner  in  Pres  ton  better  paid  than  himself  ;  and  he  could  prove  that  h  e  was  just  101  per  cent.  under  the  standard  list  of  prices  paid  by  the  associated  masters  of  Bolton.  Having  got  the  ten  per  cent.  and  not  having  been  locked  out,  he  felt  that  he  had  a  duty  to  perform,  that  he  ought  to  do  what  he  could  to  make  those  who  were  paying  less  than  his  employer  to  raise  their  wages.  It  was  for  that  reason  that  he  came  forward  to  take  part  in  the  proceedings  of  that  meeting.  (Hear,  hear).  With  regard  to  trades  unions,  he  put  it  to  the  middle  classes  whether,  possessing  votes,  they  should  approve  of  their  land landlord  lord landlord  telling  them  they  should  not  extend  the  franchise  as  they  thought  proper,  but  should  vote  for  his  particular  friend,  Lord  Tom  Toodle-brain,  on  pain  of  being  turned  out  of  their  houses.  The  case  of  the  factory  operatives  was  simi-  ,  lar.  The  law  said  they  could  have  their  trades  union,  but  the  masters  said  they  should  not.  They,  however,  were  de determined  termined determined  to  have  their  union  ;  and  he  though:  they  were  only  acting  like  Englishmen  in  maintaining  that  determina determination.  tion. determination.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  GitimsnAw  proposed  the  third  resolution  the  trades  of  this  country  having  so  nobly  come  forth  to  aid  the  factory  operatives  of  this  town  in  withstandine•  the.  onnrnanilmnnto  of  +ha  r....-4o4o»  uu  rue  wages  of  their  workpeople,  we  pledge  ourselves  that  we  will,  in  union  with  the  trades,  exert  ourselves  in  supporting  the  factory'  operatives  until  we  ultimately  place  them  in  that  position  they  are  justly  entitled  to  occupy  as  producers  of  an  aug augmented  mented augmented  national  .  Mr.  K.  SMITH,  in  seconding  the  resolution,  remarked  that  if  the  manufacturers  would  agree  to  refer  this  dispute  to  arbitration,  neither  party  could  boast  of  gaining  a  victory,  because  the  result  would  be  governed  by  reason,  justice,  and  truth.  Mr.  RHODES  briefly  supported  the  resolution,ldescribing  the  origin  of  the  wages  movement  in  Stockport.  The  whole  of  the  resolutions  were  carried  unanimously.  Thanks  were  then  voted  to  the  chairman,  and  the  meeting  which  commenced  at  seven,  terminated  at  ten  o'clock.  THE  RUGBY  ScnooL.—The  scholars  of  the  public  school  at  Rugby,  have  been  more  successful  this  year  at  the  uni•  versities  than  even  in  the  best  of  previous  years.  THE  TEA  TRADE,  Dec.  12.—The  deliveries  of  tea  in  London  during  the  week  to  which  the  latest  official  returns  are  obtainable  were  580,7271b5.,  being  nearly  as  large  as  in  the  preceding  week.  THE  NEW  PLANET.—Mr.  J.  R.  Hind  states  that  he  has  named  the  new  planet  Euterpe;  that  its  period  is  1,315  days,  and  its  mean  solar  distance  about  224  millions  of  miles.  THE  NEW  COMET.—The  Rev.  Mr.  Straton,  of  Ayleston  rectory,  in  a  letter  to  the  Times,  says  he  has  seen  this  comet  which  appeared  near  Venus  on  Dec.  10,  at  4.45  p.m.  It  has  one  coma,  and  he  thinks  its  resplendance  must  be  of  ordinary  It  can  be  seen  only  through  a  telescope.  CALEDONIAN  RAILWAY.  —A  station-master  and  guard  on  this  line  have  been  fined,  the  one  in  £3  16s.  and  the  other  in  £2  75.,  for  taking  two  passengers  into  custody  who  pro protested  tested protested  against  an  undue  filling  of  a  carriage  with  passengers  beyond  the  number  allowed  by  the  company's  regulaticns.  THE  SWINDLE  UPON  MRS.  ONsLow,—William  Morton  has  been  found  guilty  at  the  central  criminal  court,  o/  hav having  ing having  swindled  Mrs.  Onslow,  the  widow  of  a  clergyman,  of  several  sums  of  money,  upm  the  deposit  of  bills,  mortgages,  and  other  securities,  most  of  them  pretended  mortgages,  upon  the  property  of  a  person  named  Wright,  of  Northum Northumberland,  berland, Northumberland,  but  who  was  in  reality  a  pauper.  Sentence  has  not  been  passed  until  Crutchley,  an  accomplice,  shalt  have  been  tried.  Wright  is  not  in  custody.  The  whole  can  has  been  before  the  London  police."
