text
"fidic4  iv  Ruction.  Hamilton-street,  Birkenhead.—Set  of  Mahog  VTelestope  Dining  Tables,  Lady's  mahogany  Wardrobe,  pair  of  mahogany  pillar  Toilet  Tables,  with  marble  tops,  rosewood  Chiffonniere  and  Loo  Table,  elegant  Cabrio'e  Couch  and  Easy  Chair,  in  green  leather,  Mahogany  Dining-room  Chairs.  in  crimson  velvet,  mahogany  pedestal  Sideboard,  handsome  Chimney  Glass,  in  gilt  frame,  valu valuable  able valuable  engravings.  dec.  ITENRY  GREEN  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Tuesday  next,  the  15th  instant,  at  Eleven  o'clock,  at  his  Rooms,  Hamilton-street,  Birkenhead,  a  large  collection  of  fashionable  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE  and  other  Effects,  re removed  moved removed  for  convenience  of  sale.  Ca•alogus  will  be  ready  on  Monday  neat.  Liscard.—Elegant  - STYLE=superscript  and  modern  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  valuable  6r  octave  Cottage.  Piano-fotto,  in  rosewood  case,  ,two  Chimney_Glasses,  Shower  Bath,  &amp;c.  lIENRY  GREEN  will  SELL  BY  AUCTION,  on  Wednesday  next,  the  16th  instant,  at  Eleven  o'clock,  on  the  Premises,  Sea  View-road,  Liscard,  the  excellent  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE  of  a  gentleman  removing,  com comprising,  prising, comprising,  i  Becirooms.—Sets  of  rich  Spanish  mahogany  half-tester  bedsteads,  with  crimson  damask  hangings,  birch  ditto,  excellent  hair  mat matbosses,  bosses, matbosses,  feather  beds,  mahogany  and  polished  birch  chest  drawers  and  dressing  glasses,  pair  of  modern  mahogany  pillar  toilet  tables,  with  marble  top,  night  commode,  shower  bath,  &amp;c.  The  Parlour  Furniture  comprises  sets  of  mahogany  and  walnut walnutwood  wood walnutwood  chairs,  couches,  easy  and  rocking  chairs  upholstered  in  crimson  morocco  and  green  damask,  to  match  the  window  curtains,  circular  mahogany  and  walnut  100  and  Sutherland  tables,  elegant  walnut  chiffonniere  with  plate  glass  at  the  back  and  doors,  marble  slab,  &amp;c,  two  handsome  chimney  glasses  in  gilt  irames,  a  very  supealor  and  fine-toned  6i-octave  cottage  piano  -forte,  in  rosewood  case,  by  Binsmead,  handsome  tapestry  and  other  carpets,  barometer,  14-day  timepiece,  stair  carpet,  oil  cloth,  &amp;c.  May  be  viewed  on  Tuesday  next,  the  15th  instant,  and  on  the  morning  of  sale,  and  catalogues  had  on  the  premises,  and  of  Henry  Green,  auctioneer  and  valuer,  Hamilton-street.  Birkenhead.  superior  and  Useful  Furniture,  Pianofortes,  Chandeliers,  Chimney,  &amp;c.  Glasses,  Timepiece,  &amp;c.,  Wise  Villa,  Church-road,  Stanley,  near  Old  Swan.  MR.  HILL  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Wednesday  next,  the  16th  instant,  at  Eleven  o'clock  in  the  Forenoon,  in  Church-road.  Stanley,  near  Cattle-market,  Old  Swan,  Excellent  Modern  FURNITURE,  chandeliers,  pianoforte,  chimney,  pier,  cheval,  and  dressing  glasses,  mahogany  sideboard,  sets  chairs,  loungers,  sofas,  carpets,  sets  tire  irons,  fenders,  pictures,  paintings,  clock,  glass,  china,  lobby  cloth,  mats,  stair  carpets,  time timepiece,  piece, timepiece,  rncdern  four-post,  half  tester,  and  French  bedsteads,  mattrasses,  feather  bed.,  chests  drawers,  handsome  wardrobe,  of  choice  wood  and  workmanship,  dressing  and  toilet  tables.  pier,  toilet,  and  cheval  glasses,  carpeting,  painted  floor  cloth.  commodes,  hearth  rugs,  fenders,  washstands,  kitchen  furniture,  ware,  glasses,  utensils  and  requisites,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c  ,  to'nmtrciat  Zatts.  THIS  DAY,  On  account  of  whom  it  may  concern.  'rats  DAY,  the  12th  instant,  •  2  Casks  FLAG  ANNATTO,  For  inspection  in  Vernon-street.—Apply  to  ALEX.  S.  MACRAE,  Broker.  NEXT  WEEK.  MONDAY  On  MONDAY  next,  the  14th  instant,  at  One  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  office,  Liver-chambers,  134  Bales  Repacked  COTTON,  ex  Thomas  Jefferson,  from  New  Orleans,  lying  in  Cragg's  Ware Warehouse,  house, Warehouse,  Tithebarn-strret,--Apply  so  BOURNE  &amp;  ROGERS,  Brokers.  On  bait.  TO  EXPORTERS  VINEGAR.  PICKLES,  SAUCES,  JAMS,  &amp;c.,  Prepared  expressly  for  Exportation.  Always  on  Sale,  by  EVERY  &amp;  CO.,  35,  South  John-street.  CEIEE3E  FOR  EXPORT,  NORTH  WILTSHIRE,  TRUCKLE,  and  Other  CHEESE,  always  in  Stock,  and  carefully  packed.  Apply  to  CLIBI3ORN  &amp;  THOMAS,  35,  North  John.street  LUMP  AND  POWDERED  ARSENIC,  IRISH  MOSS,  VEGETABLE  NAPTHA,  RECTIFIED  MINERAL  NAPTHA,  GREEN  COPPERAS,  SULPHATE  OF  AMMONIA.  Apply  to  JOHN  MATTHEWS  &amp;  CO.,  Argyle.  street,  T  q  PRIVATE  FAMILIES  AT  ANDERSON'S,  5,  CASTLE-STREET,  MERCHANTS'  DINING  ROOMS.  FINE  OLD  WHISKY  Scotch  Glenlivet  and  Islay  Irish  Pt  W..rranted  of  the  very  finest  qualities,  16s.  6d.  ptr  gallon.  BRANDY,  illartell's  (pale  or  brown)  3OS.  Rest  London  GIN  Best  Jamaica  RUM  WINES  Fine  Old  PORT  Fine  Golden  and  Pale  SHERRY..  Best  Extraordirary  Old  Pale  gIiERRY  485..  545..  60s  365..  385..  40s  423..  4£313..  54s  (Os..  72s  CHAMPAGNE  AND  OTHER  WINES  A  SINGLE  BOTTLE  OF  ANY  OF  THE  ABOVE  SOLD.  Orders  taken  at  the  Bar  of  Rooms,  Ord  r  Office:'  ORDERS  SENT  TO  ALL  PARTS  CF  THE  COUNTRY  ON  RECEIPT  OF  POST-OFFICE  ORDER  PORTER  and  ALES  supplied  in  Pints  and  Quarts,  of  the  best  qualities.  ANDERSON'S,  5,  CASTLE-STREET.  TRINITY  COLLEGE,  DUBLIN  The  following  address  a  o  presented  to  the  Rev.  Joseph  A.  Galbraith,  and  the  Rev.  Samuel  Naughton.  Fellows  of  Trinity  College,  by  the  gentlemen  w  h  om  they  accompanied  to  London,  in  August  last,  on  the  occasion  of  the  Competitive  Examination  f,r  appoint appointments  ments appointments  to  the  Royal  Artillery  and  Engineers  :  G  EN  TLEMEN,  —We  the  undersigned  students  of  Trinity  College,  who  were  candidates  at  the  competitive  Exami Examination  nation Examination  for  appointments  in  the  Artillery  and  Engineers,  in  August  of  the  present  year,  are  desirous  of  expressing  to  you  our  lively  sense  of  gratitude  for  your  efficient  and  disinterested  exertions  in  preparing  us  for  that  examina examination.  tion. examination.  If  the  students  of  the  University  of  Dublin  were  more  successful  on  that  occasion  than  the  pupils  of  any  other  educational  institution  in  the  United  Kingdom,  we  feel  that  result  was,  in  a  great  measure,  due  to  you.  You  promptly  organised,  and  by  your  personal  efforts  carried  out,  an  appropriate  plan  of  instruction  ;  and,  accom accompanying  panying accompanying  ns  to  the  scene  of  our  competition,  you  at  once  sustained  our  hopes,  and  aided  us  with  your  counsel.  Nor  must  it  be  forgotten  that  the  successful  issue  of  your  labours  has  led  to  the  establishment  of  a  permanent  system  of  instruction  in  the  University,  directed  to  the  same  objects,  and  destined,  we  trust,  often  to  produce  similar  fruits.  We  request  each  of  you,  gentlemen,  to  accept  from  us  one  of  the  inkstands  we  beg  to  offer,  as  small  tokens  of  the  esteem  and  gratitude  we  can  never  cease  to  feel.  (Signed)  William  It  Barlow,  Richard  Handcock,  James  Major,  George  O'Connor,  Frederick  Rime,  John  Houghton,  William  Kemm  is,  Joseph  Kincaid,  jun.  Robert  C.  Smith;  19th  December.  1855  ,  The  address  having  been  read  by  Joseph  Kincaid  Esq.,  and  the  inkstands  presented,  the  following  reply  was  read  by  the  Rev.  Professor  Galbraith  :  GENTLEMEN,  —On  the  part  of  Mr.  Houghton  and  my myself,  self, myself,  I  beg  to  return  to  you  our  sincere  thanks  for  the  very  handsome  manner  in  which  you  have  recognised  our  services  on  the  occasion  of  the  examination  for  ap appointments  pointments appointments  to  the  Royal  Engineers  and  Artillery,  held  last  August  in  King's  College.  On  a  short  notice,  and  with  very  inadequate  means  at  our  disposal,  we  under undertook  took undertook  the  preparation  of  such  students  of  Trinity  College  as  intended  to  present  themselves  at  this  competitive  examination.  We  were  well  aware  of  the  admirable  course  of  instruction  afforded  by  our  University  to  all  her  students,  but  a  long  experience  had  taught  us  that  for  an  examination  such  as  this,  discipline  and  prepar preparation  ation preparation  of  a  special  character  were  absolutely  essential  to  success.  The  result  has  shown  how  accurately  we  es estimated  timated estimated  our  position.  The  short  time  at  our  disposal,  and  the  necessarily  limited  number  of  subjects  with  which  we  were  ourselves  acquainted,  prevented  us  from  instructing  you  in  all  the  branches  of  knowledge  requir required  ed required  at  that  examination;  and  it  is  evident  that  had  not  our  exertions  been  founded  on  the  ground-work  of  a  first-rate  academic  educatidn,  they  would  not  have  met  with  the  success  which  they  were  fortunate  to  obtain.  Another  element  of  our  success  we  cannot,  gentlemen,  on  the  present  occasion  refrain  from  noticing;  we  never  met  with  more  wining  pupils;  our  efforts  were  nobly  sustained  by  your  strenuous  exertions  ;  and  we  have  to  thank  you  heartily  for  the  zeal  and  alacrity  with  which  on  all  occasions  you  carried  out  every  plan  and  followed  every  rule  which  we  pointed  out  for  your  direction.  The  qualities  which  enabled  you  on  this  occasion  to  submit  yourselves  to  the  rules  of  a  well-regulated  discipline,  warrant  us  in  believing  that  you  are  fitted  to  attain  the  highest  dist  nction  in  the  service  into  which  so  many  of  you  have  been  honourably  admitted.  In  the  conclusion  of  your  address  you  advert  to  the  permanent  establish establishment  ment establishment  of  a  department  in  our  University,  having  for  its  object  the  special  instruction  of  such  of  our  students  as  may  desire  to  present  themselves  at  future  examinations.  If  any  exertion  on  our  part  had  contributed  in  the  slightest  degree  towards  such  a  result  we  should  have  felt  most  justly  proud  ;  but  none  can  be  more  sensible  than  we  are,  of  the  readiness  of  the  authorities  of  the  University  to  establish  and  maintain  every  well-devised  plan  calculated  of  our  toadv  s  a  tu  n  d  e  e  ..;  n  t  t  h  s  e  Tie  opening  int  e  rests,  l  andp  of  promote  the  education,  rewards  to  fair  and  manly  competition  is  an  excellent  reform,  characteristic  of  our  age,  and  well  calculated  to  produce  corresponding  improvements  in  every  educa educational  tional educational  institution  in  the  kingdom.  In  her  readiness  to  co-operate  in  this  or  other  wise  reforms,  rendered  necessary  by  the  progress  of  the  country,  we  believe  the  University  of  Dublin  will  never  be  found  backward.  Again,  gentlemen,  thanking  you  for  the  kind  expression  of  your  feelings  towards  us,  we  beg  to  assure  you  of  our  heartfelt  desire  for  your  future  progress  and  welfare."
