text
"though  twelve  months  a  member  of  the  Water  Committee,  yet  never  attended  it.  (Oh  !  oh  !  and  laughter).  HACKNEY  CARRIAGE  COMMITTEE  Mr.  J.  WOODRUFF  moved  that  the  following  gentlemen  constitute  this  Committee  :  Messrs.  J.  Woodruff,  W.  Bennett,  W.  P.  Jeffreys,  R.  M.  Beckwith,  0.  Holden,  T.  Godfrey,  J.  R.  Mc  Guffie,  T.  Wagstaff,  J.  Gladstone  junr.—  Agreed  to.  _  ° STYLE=superscript  The  Shipbuilding  Committee  was  the  next  on  the  list,  and  on  its  being  called  over,  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  said  that  this  Committee-wen  useless.  They  had  met  but  twice—first,  to  appoint  a  Chair Chairman,  man, Chairman,  and  another  to  give  him  a  vote  of  thanks.  (Laughter).  Mr.  TOBIN  observed  that  if  Mr.  Alderman  Parker  were  not  so  precipitate  he  would  see  that  there  was  no  intention  to  appoint  a  Committee,  and  would  also  learn  the  reason  why  they  had  met  but  twice.  It  was  appointed  for  a  special  purpose,  and  as  that  purpose  had  been  accomplished,  there  was  no  intention  nor  a  necessity  to  re-appoint  it.  He  might,  however,  as  the  matter  had  been  alluded  to,  express  some  little  satisfaction  that  the  Committee  had  left  the  shipbuild shipbuilding  ing shipbuilding  certainly  in  a  better  condition  than  it  was  before.  He  would  appeal  to  Mr.  Royden  for  confirmation  of  this,  and  whether  they  had  not  established  some  excellent  yards  at  the  west  side  of  the  Queen's  Dock,  where  before  there  were  but  three  or  four  miserable  yards.  It  was  also  a  source  of  satisfaction  to  them,  to  know  that  the  efforts  of  the  Com Committee  mittee Committee  had  resulted  in  public  attention  being  directed  to  the  matter—one  of  the  very  objects  which  the  committee  had  in  view.  No  re-appointment  of  the  Committee  took  place  BATHS  COMMITTEE.  Mr.  WAGSTAFF  moved  that  the  following  gentlemen  con constitute  stitute constitute  this  Committee  :—Messrs.  T;  Wagstaff,  J.  Parker,  R.  C.  Gardner,  J.  K.  M‘Guffie,  J.  C.  Fernihough,  S.  M.  Mellor,  J.  Gladstone,  junr.,  T.  Fleming,  and  W.  P.  Jeffreys.—Agreed  to.  SPECIAL  COMMITTEE  TO  INQURE  INTO  THE  CHARGE  PRE-  FERRED  AGAINST  MR.  BRADLEY.  Mr.  HODSON,  in  moving  the  appointment  of  this  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  said  that  be  wished  it  should  be  perfectly  impartial,  he  therefore  selected  some  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  principal  members  of  the  Council,  to  act  on  it.  They  were  Mr.  Hornby,  Mr.  J.  Holme,  Mr.  Bramley  Moore,  Mr.  G.  Holt,  Mr.  J.  R.  M‘Gufe,  Mr.  J.  H.  Turner,  Mr.  C.  Turner,  and  Mr.  J.  Stewart.  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  .  Moss  also  be  put  on  Mr.  FERNlnotran  suggested  that  Mr  the  Committee.  Mr.  HOLDEN  objected,  as  Mr.  Muss  was  a  party  mixed  up  in  the  allegations.  Mr.  Hodson  would  also  name  Mr.  Tobin  on  the  Committee.  Mr.  Alderman  TURNER  said  that  it  struck  him  that  ma magistrates  gistrates magistrates  should  not  be  on  the  Committee,  as  the  matter  might  subsequently  come  before  them  in  their  judicial  capa-  Mr.  C.  TURNER  differed  from  the  last  speaker.  He  thought  magistrates,  from  their  habits  of  investigation,  would  be  the  best  qualified  to  inquire  into  this  matter.  The  TowN  CLERK  then  read  Mr.  Hodson's  resolution,  which  Resolved,  that  the  following  gentlemen  be  appointed  a  special  Committee,  to  inquire  into  the  charge  preferred  against.  Mr.  Bradley,  a  member  of  the  Council,  relative  to  the  course  pursued  by  him  at  the  recent  election  of  Councillor  for  Vauxhall  Ward—as  to  that  which  is  al alleged,  leged, alleged,  that  he  unduly  and  improperly  used  his  position  of  a  Councillor  and  a  member  of  a  Committee  of  this  Council,  to  influence  a  voter  named  Stopford,  as  to  giving  his  vote  at  such  election  ;  and  that  the  Committee  be  directed  to  report  thereon,  with  a  verbatim  report  of  the  evidence  adduced  [Here  followed  the  names  of  the  Committee  as  given  above.]  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  But  in  what  form  ?  The  TowN  CLERK  :  That  is  Mr.  Hodson's  motion,  and  you  cannot  change  it.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Well,  I  don't  know,  but  it  does  not  ap appear  pear appear  to  me  sufficiently  specific.  (Laughter.)  The  MAYOR  asked  if  any  gentleman  would  second  the  resolution  ?  _  _  Mr.  WAGSTAFF  would  second  it.  Mr.  BEcKwrrn  :  And  I  shall  seecond  it,  for  the  sake  of  justice.  (Laughter.)  The  TowN  CLERIC  said  it  was  competent  for  any  member  of  the  Council,  either  to  move  an  amendment  to  the  resolu resolution,  tion, resolution,  or  a  special  instruction  to  the  Committee.  Mr.  BRADLEY  again  observed  that  he  did  not  consider  the  charge  sufficiently  specific.  Mr.  C.  TURNER  replied  that  the  inquiry,  under  the  reso resolution,  lution, resolution,  would  be  limited  to  the  specific  charge  of  unduly  and  improperly  influencing  the  voter  It  would  not  be  competent  for  the  Committee  to  go  beyond  that,  and  that,  he  understood,  was  what  Mr.  Bradley  wanted.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Yes  ;  but  why  should  not  the  undue  in influence  fluence influence  be  stated  ?  I  want  the  charge  to  be  specific.  The  MAYOR  :  The  charge  is  in  the  words  of  the  motion  —  it  is  for  and  improperly  influencing  a  (Laughter.)  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Yes  ;  but  how  influenced  him?  (Laughter.)  Mr.  C.  TURN  Elt  :  When  you  have  heard  the  evidence  that  is  intended  to  substantiate  the  charge,  I  am  sure  the  Com Committee  mittee Committee  will  give  you  any  time  you  may  require  to  answer  it;  and  nothing  but  the  evidence  can  tell  you  the  nature  of  the  charge  against  you.  It  would  be  impossible  to  describe  it  in  a  resolution.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Yes,  but  I  think  it  ought  to  be  more  specific.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  C.  TURNER  :  It  is  for  and  improperly  in 'influencing-'  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  But  that  is  a  very  vague  term.  (Re (Renewed  newed (Renewed  laughter).  I  must  also  take  exception  to  Mr.  Mc.  Guffie's  name  being,  on  the  committee.  Mr.  HODSON  :  I  will  substitute  any  name  that  Mr.  Brad Bradley  ley Bradley  likes.  No,  Mr.  Moss  suggested  that  Mr.  Alderman  Dover  should  be  put  on  the  committee.  •  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  I  must  say  I  think  I  should  have  Mr.  Moss  on  the  committee.  Oh  !oh  I  think  lam  not  asking  anything  unreasonable,  and  I  submit  that  Mr.  Alder Alderman  man Alderman  Dover's  name  should  be  substituted  in  place  of  Mr.  Guffie.  .  Mr.  Alderman  DOVER  said  he  should  have  great  pleasure  in  acting  with  Mr.  Mc.Guffie,  but  ho  should  decline  to  act  in  the  manner  proposed.  Mr.  MC.GUFFIE  said  that  he  was  not  aware  his  name  was  on  the  committee,  and  that  he  was  most  willing  to  withdraw,  if  the  Council  wished  it.  No,  Mr.  Hour  moved,  and  Mr.  LANGSDALE  seconded,  that  the  name  of  Mr.  Alderman  Dover  be  added  to  the  com committee  mittee committee  '  •  which  was  agreed  to.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  I  really  must  request  that  Mr.  Moss's  name  be  added  to  the  list  ;  it  is  only  right  and  fair  that  it  should  be  so.  No,  If  it  is  not  added  I  shall  not  think  it  a  fair  committee.  (Cries  of  order,  Mr.  GODFREY:  That  is  another  insult  to  the  whole  Council.  The  MAYou  :  The  motion  is  in  the  hands  of  the  Council,  and  you  should  not  address  such  language  to  it,  as  that  it  is  unfair  that  such  a  motion  should  - STYLE=superscript  pass.  Val.  must  keep  yourself  in  order,  then,  and  not  make  such  observations,  which  reflect  on  the  Council  generally.  Mr.  HODSON  :  It  is  not  in  the  Council,  but  Mr.  Hodson.  (Oh  !  oh  !)  I  cannot  consent  to  the  committee.  Mr.  Alderman  HOLME  said  he  could  not  at  all  describe  how  painful  it  was  to  him  and  to  the  Council  to  witness  the  pre present  sent present  scene.  His  name  had  been  put  on  the  committee,  and  he  begged  to  say  that  as  the  committee  was  to  enquire  into  a  most  serious  charge  affecting  not  only  Mr.  Bradley's  pub publie,  lie, publie,  but  also  his  private  character,  gentlemen  should  be  placed  on  that  committee,  and  gentlemen  only  .  who  would  act  on  that  committee  with  the  most  perfect  impartiality,  and  were  in  the  habit  of  having  questions  of  a  serious  nature  brought  before  them  in  their  magisterial  capacity,  and  who  would  act  with  calmness,  impartiality,  and  strict  justice.  He  (Mr.  Holme)  should  not  object  to  Mr.  Moss  otherwise.  As  the  personal  friend  of  Mr.  Bradley,  he  should  have  been  glad  to  have  seen  him  associated  with  the  committee,  but  after  the  speech  which  Mr.  Moss  had  made,  in  which  he  displayed  so  much  partizanship,  he  thought  it  would  be  de desirable  sirable desirable  for  Mr.  Bradley  not  to  press  putting  Mr.  Moss's  name  on  the  committee,  but  to  be  perfectly  satisfied  with  the  character  of  those  gentlemen  who  were  in  the  habit  of  dealing  with  cases  of  great  difficulty  day  by  day  in  their  magisterial  capacity,  and  whose  character,  he  was  sure,  would  be  a  gua guarantee  rantee guarantee  to  Mr.  Bradley,  and  to  the  Council,  that  strict  and  impartial  justice,  without  favour  or  affection,  would  be  shown.  Mr.  Bradley  would  have  the  opportunityi  of  ap appearing  pearing appearing  there,  and  every  opportunity  would  be  given  to  him  to  rebut  a  charge  so  seriously  affecting  him.  He  hoped  Mr.  Bradley  would  withdraw  the  request  to  place  Mr.  Moss  on  the  Committee,  and  be  perfectly  content  to  leave  himself  in  the  hands  of  gentlemen  who  would  do  him  justice.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Moss  did  not  wish  his  name  to  be  on  the  Committee.  He  should  recommend  Mr.  Bradley  to  place  himself  in  the  hands  of  the  Committee.  The  gentlemen  named  were  then  appointed  a  Committee  to  enqure  into  the  charge  preferred  against  Mr.  Bradley.  MAYOR'S  COMMUNICATIONS  Several  communications  to  the  Mayor  were  then  read.  They  included  a  very  valuable  letter,  which  is  about  being  printed  for  distribution,  from  the  Chaplain  of  the  Gaol,  re recommending  commending recommending  .  the  establishment  of  a  reformatory  float  for  juvenile  criminals,  and  adducing  several  proofs  in  support  of  the  necessity  for  such  an  Institution.  The  communication  was  referred  to  the  Gaol  and  House  of  Correction  Committee.  A  letter  from  the  licenced  victuallers,  requiring  the  use  of  the  rooms  in.  the  Town  Hall,  was  referred  to  the  Town  Hall  Committee.  The  following  communications  were  also  read  :  SOUTH  PORTICO  OF  ST.  GEORGE'S  HALL  To  the  Worshipful  the  Mayor.  SIR,—I  am  really  concerned  to  be  the  ostensible  cause  of  further  trouble  to  yourself  and  the  Council,  respecting  the  South  Portico  of  the  Assize  Courts;  but  as  you  have  been  so  good  to  send  me  a  copy  of  Mr.  Cockerell's  letter  of  the  28th  of  September,  I  trust  I  shall  be  excused  in  submitting  a  few  observations  in  reply.  Mr.  Cockerell  labours  to  impress  on  the  committee  the  fact  that  certain  peculiarities  of  structure  which  I  have  pointed  out  as  serious  defects  in  the  South  Portico  of  St.  George's  Hall,  may  be  found  in  a  few  other  buildings,  both  ancient  and  modern.  But  the  question,  I  apprehend,  really  is,  whether  taking  advantage  of  the  noble  types  of  architec architecture  ture architecture  which  past  and  present  times  afford  us,  we  should  not  endeavour  to  perpetuate  the  beauties  of  the  structure  which  no  one  disputes,  and  to  avoid  those  defects  which  may  occa occasion  sion occasion  ally  be  found,  isolated  perhaps,  and  with  more  or  less  prominency  in  works  even  of  acknowledged  excellence.  ,  Mr.  Cockerell  does  not  question  the  practability  of  the  proposed  improvements,  but  he  calls  attention  to  'the  great"
