text
"uggest  remedies  for  the  anomalies  and  evil  their  own  system  We  shall  only  undertake  to  expose  its  injurious  effects  on  ever  interest  of  the  Empire  It  has  taken  from  labour  that  fair  remu remuneration  neration remuneration  which  would  enable  it  to  support  its  just  proportion  of  taxation,  and  has  taxed  property  to  make  good  the  loss  to  the  State.  It  is  fast  render rendering  ing rendering  a  just  and  necessary  war  intolerable,  and  its  advocates  ipreach  and  restriction  at  a  moment  when  production,  and  consumption,  should  be  sustained  and  encouraged,  by  all  human  means  Taxation  has  been  increased  nearly  100  per  while  the  available  means  of  trade  are  Jven  less  than  they  were  in  1947,  and  the  rates  of  discount  rule  from  6  to  10  per  cent.  Do  the  Bullionist  organs  approve  of  all  this  ?  Will  they  have  the  barefaced  effrontery  to  call  it  a  healthy  state  of  things  Will  they  never  be  made  to  understand  that  they  are  addressing  themselves  to  an  enlightened  public,  who  must  some  day  see  through  their  perversion  of  truth  ?  Have  they  no  more  loyalty  than  is  required  to  hold  up  the  convertibility  of  nineteen  millions  pounds  of  paper  based  on  little  over  10,000,0001.  of  gold,  or  no  more  patriotism  than  to  remain  silent  when  asked  to  explain  what  had  become  of  the  immense  quantities  of  gold  which  have  reached  this  country  since  January,  1818  ?  We  hear  a  great  deal  said  about  the  importance  of  agricul agricultural  tural agricultural  statistics,:by  which  the  farmer  may  be  shaved  of  the  modern  appendages  of  the  yeoman  ;  but  what  are  they  compared  with  the  value  of  those  gold  statistics,  which  would  prevent  the  industry,  skill,  and  intelligence  of  the  country  being  sacrificed,  to  a  system  which  the  public  only  require  reliable  figures  to  expose  or  demolish  ?  We  will,  however,  wait  another  fortnight  for  our  bullion  oracles  to  answer  the  question  we  have  put  in  this  article.  And  if  they  should:fail  to  do  so  at  the  expiration  of  that  time,  we  will  repeat  it  again  and  again,  until  the  disclosures  made  in  the  late  Mr.  Humes  return  be  satisfactorily  explained  ;  as  the  country  is  now  suffering  the  cruellest  perse persecution  cution persecution  from  a  declared  scarcity  of  the  yellow  metal—as  artificial  as  a  famine  'would  be  if  the  Government  locked  up  a  million  quarters  of  wheat,  and  refused  to  give  any  explanation  when  called  upon."
