text
"941v STYLE=superscript  icr's  from  New  Orlean  ess  of  fclibustering  in  t  Of STYLE=superscript  and  shipping  emigra  The  busi  regular  to  go  oa  openly  as  a  h  of  busi  ness  .  B  y  way  o  f  N  ew  Orleans  we  aP STYLE=superscript  e  tidvices  from  Vera  Cruz  to  the  Bth  Jan.  a  :,  cith STYLE=superscript  iog,  new  had  occurred  at  the  city  of  Mexico  v  11 STYLE=superscript  1  ,4 STYLE=superscript  Previous  accounts.  Voilent  n  o  r  the  rs  h  a  d  t  t  ..  B4te STYLE=superscript  ci.the  Gulf,  but  we  do  not  learn  of  any  disas disas.:tl3  .:tl3 disas.:tl3 STYLE=superscript  A.Merican  shipping.  Th  - STYLE=superscript  e'commercial  advices  report  increased  ease  in  the  11  ,  money  market,  and,  in  consequence,  there  was  tt  g  e STYLE=superscript  neral  but  moderate  advance  in  the  price  of  b  m  °e STYLE=superscript  ka:  Money  on  call  was  easy  at  7  per  cent,  k  ;&#34;'  for  time  the  still  ranged  from  12  to  18  N  et STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  nt•  Paper  was  discounted  at  from  9  to  12  e STYLE=superscript  etit•  Exchange  on  London  was  b  ecom  i  ng  le  1. STYLE=superscript  1  ;  Scarce,  and,  in,  conseque  nce  ,  quo  t  a  ti  ons  were  4:N  up.  The  principal  traneaciions  for  the  t  ee  '  ll STYLE=superscript  tic  were  done,at  108  to  1081.  There  had  4 STYLE=superscript  Moderate  business  done  in  the  cotton  ft„Market,  but  prices  were  barely  so  firm.  th;Laceeiollowing  ii  a  statement  of  the  movement  in  cotton  ar  e  .  September  last,  as  compared  w  ith  th  e  prev  i  ous  Ye  .  keeei  Pta  ta.Vr  kt STYLE=superscript  e  eL STYLE=superscript  rriik  t STYLE=superscript  l  . STYLE=superscript  i;I  . STYLE=superscript  ttt  It  Prance..  Stl.  t  XPorte  other  For.  Porta  o  ck  .  .......  on  ba  n  Or  /ph!  i  W,  1  ~  1,62  ~ STYLE=superscript  000  978.00,  , STYLE=superscript  1,.)35,000  1,594,000  .  539.  467.000  298,000  641,000  .  189,000  109.000  90,000  105,000  I.  136,000  60,000  67,000  94  000  854,000  636.000  455  000  840,000  681,000  345,000,  496,000  570,000  THE  LAT'  ATTEMPT  MURDERCII  .AT  ROBE  CASTLE.STREET  A'S'SAULT  AND  SOUTH  E  - STYLE=superscript  1N  -4•-..----  , STYLE=superscript  .-  COMMITTAL  OF  TITS  PRTSOVERS  Yesterday,  being  the  day  fixed  fot.  the  re-ekamination  of  the  nrßoners.  Robert  and  Heti,.  Eyre,  who  stand  charged  with  the  tritirderOns  attempt  on  the  life  of  Wm.  Hughes,  the  clerk  of  Mr.  Durandu,  bullion  dealer  and  money-changer,  Sonihl  Casthsteeet,  the  court  *A  c-owded  to  e  xcess  by  persons  anxious  Mar  the  •  ••  the  p  rs.  When  the  morning  f,  the  prisoners  were  put  presiding;  maristrates  Wer  e  and  I.  H.  Turner  and  enttectE  n  persona  aterl,  the  pricnnPrs  and,  in  per“mal  app  vinnz  man.  William  I  The  prißoners  exierio  once,  toni  , STYLE=superscript  el  and  es,  whu  was  so  was  at&amp;  'come  forward  and  give  ex^eedin2  ed  to  ha  - STYLE=superscript  ve  the  accommoialon  of  a  c  ban  'ag  , STYLE=superscript  cl  up,  awl  altoget  I  v  . STYLE=superscript  .  1, STYLE=superscript  severely.  Fie  was  the  first  nd  stated  as  fellows  before  t•n  I  wag  at  the  street.  I  Rt.  (Ha  Mr  Dn  r  the  c  Aiv  nan  I  *oil  tit  rash-hox  About  tit  td  Mr.  niv  return  on  enfc  insid  of  th  t  tirit,Vtat  c  1  tVintr  t  nent,  hut  T  do  not  know  what  it  ne  hef(  my  eves  from  the  is  stunne►l.  '  He  tier)  struck  he  head  in  (pick  succeqsion,  but  I  grappled  with  him  he  was  striking  me.  I  then  fell,  and  he  trampled  on  me.  The  younger  prisoner  (Henry)  laid  on  to  me.  and  struck  me  whilst  down.  I  wa  .  s  however,  enabled  to  kick  at  him,  and  cucceeded  in  kicking  him  n  i  against  the  counter.  He  then  rushed  at  me  with  a  poker,  and  at  that  time  Mr.  Levi  came  in  and  rescued  me.  The  prisoner  had  struck  Mr.  Alderman  Holme  :  Whtt  became  of  the  cash-box  all  thetime  ?  Witness  :  I  laid  it  on  the  counter.  Mr.  Wvbergh  :  Tt  was  not  removed  from  the  counter  then  ?  Witness  :  Ido  not  know  —I  cannot  tell.  Mr.  Wybergh  (to  the  youth  Stoddart)  :  Do  you  know  what  became  or  the  cash-box  ?  Stoddart  :  No,  sir,  for  I  was  stunned  with  the  blow  I  got.  I  found  thyself  in  the  private  office,  when  I  again  came  to  my  senses.  I  did  not  gee  the  cash-box.  Mr.  Levi  was  examined,  and  gave  exactly  the  same  evidence  as  he  did  on  the  former  day,  which,  as  we  have  given  it  already  in  detail,  it  is  not  necessary  to  repeat  it  here.  Mr.  Alderman  Holme  :  Are  you  quite  sure,  Mr.  Levi,  of  the  identity  of  the  two  young  men?  Witness  :  Oh,  certainly,  sir,  quite  tare;  I  seized  the  younger  one  and  held  him=l  did  not  let  him  go  at  all  ;  I  called  for  assistance.  Mr.  Alderman  Home:  Did  you  see  any  weapon  then?  Witness:  Not  then,  but  I  did  after  ;  I  saw  , STYLE=superscript  both  the  broken  poker  and  the  life  protector.  Officer  463  produced  these  instruments.  Mr.  Alderman  Hohne  :  This  is  a  frightful  instrument.  Was  the  poker  broken  by  the  force  of  the  blow  ?  Wit•  ness  :  I  cannot  tell  that,  but  I  found  it  broken.  .  Mr.  Alderman  Holme  (to  Mr.  Hughes)  :  Was  the  poker  in  the  office  before,  and  was  it  broken  ?  Witness  :  It  was  in  the  office,  but  not  broken  before.  Mr.  Alderman  Holme  :  Then  it  was  found  broken  after  ?  Witness  :  It  was,  sir  Mr.  Alderman  Holme  (to  the  prisoner  Robert  Eyre)  :  Do  you  wish  to  ask  the  witness  any  questions  ?  Prisoner  Robert  Eyre  :  I  (lid  not  strike  hid]  with  that  poker.  It  was  broke  in  my  band  before  ha  came  in,  for  there  was  an  old  break  in  it.  Mr.  Alderman  Holme  (to  the  other  prisoner):  Do  you  wish  to  ask  him  anything?  Prisoner  Henry  Eyre  :  Nothing  ;  hut  I  did  not  strike  him  in  the  way  he  says.  Robert  Duggan  stated  that  he  heard  the  noise,  and  ran  to  the  place.  He  caught  the  latter  prisoner  (Robert),  coming  out  of  the  door,  whilst  Mr.  Levi  had  the  other  secured.  The  youth  Stoddart  was  re-examined,  and  his  evidence  was  the  same  as  that  he  adduced  at  the  last  examination,  and  already  published  in  full.  He  said,  in  addition,  that  the  younger  prisoner  had  a  sack  under  his  arm  when  he  entered  the  office,  and  that  the  poker  was  not  broken  before  the  prisoners  came  in;  Wall.  houce  surgeon  at  the  Northern  Hospital,  e  next  witnesq.  He  deposed  that  Mr.  Hughes  was  brought  to  hospital  about  a  gna..ter  past  ten  o'clock  nn  Thnrsdav  morning  last.  He  had  one  exten— extensive  sive extensive  scalp  wonnd  ahout  two  and  a-half  inches  Ion:;,  and  cot  into  lb.  hone  of  the  skull  ;  there  were  also  several  contused  wounds  on  the  head.  Mr  Alderman  flohne  :  Were  these  wounds  likely  to  hp  inflicted  by  such  instruments  as  those  now  produced  ?  W  , STYLE=superscript  tness  :  They  were.  Mr.  Alderman  U.!me;  Waq  he  in  imminent  dlrzer  t  the  time?  Witne-s:  Not  in  very  imminent  danger,  Prison Prison:  : Prison:  1t  i've  to  say  this—  first  caution  yon  not  if  yoo  rot  Nis!'  to  do  so,  as  it  will  nner  Robert  went  on  to  saT  le  sm  11  hoy  wir  h  a  life-protector,  hut  I  , STYLE=superscript  k  him  li2  - STYLE=superscript  h'ly—if  I  ha  , STYLE=superscript  l  stru  c  k  hi  m  heavily  I  went  into  the  !Inn  and  st  doing,  and  I  was  then  going  away  ;  I  met  the  other  coming  in,  and  I  struck  him,  not  with  the  poker  hut  th  e  life  preserver.  and  if  I  had  s  t  ruc  k  hi  m  h  eavi  l  y  T  _  hum  heavily  Killed  him  also.  He  then  turned  round  and  Audit  me,  and  we  struggled.  and  that  brote  the  poker,  because  there  was  an  old  crack  in  it  before.  We  then  fell.  Ido  not  wish  to  say  mare,l-.ut  the  governor  of  the  gaol  allowed  me  to  write  thi  , STYLE=superscript  statement,  which  I  will  read.  The  prisoner  then  read  the  following  statement,  drawn  up  by  himself.  The  document  was  written  in  a  superior  hand,  properly  pointed,  and  altogether  bore  the  stamp  of  surrior  education.  Previous  t  o  hi  s  rea  di  ng  it.  however,  the  Alderman  again  cautioned  him.  The  prisoner  then  went  on  f.)r  a  few  sentences,  but  his  pre previous  vious previous  firmness  seemed  to  forsake  him,  and  both  prisoners  burst  into  tears.  The  document  was  then  handed  to  Mr.  Wybergh,  who  read  it  as  follows  :  Saturday,  Jan.  2t,  18.56.  As  I  am  undefended  by  any  legal  man,  I  take  this  as  the  only  method  left  me,  to  communicate  the  particulars,  and  point  out  the  several  circumstances  under  which  I  committed  the  offence  with  which  lam  charged.  Ido  not  mean  to  say,  that  any  circumstances  could  justify  me  in  committing  such  a  crime.  But  from  the  state  of  extreme  want—the  state  of  actual  starvation  I  was  in  at  the  time,  I  scarcely  knew  what  I  did.  I  bad  no  redress,  I  could  get  nothing  to  do,  I  tried  the  docks  for  work,  but  in  vain  ;  I  applied;to  to  the  authorities  for  relief,  I  was  told  to  go  to  the  parish.  I  went  to  the  parish,  was  told  I  would  be  sent  home  to  my  own  country.  I  applied  to  my  friends  and  relations,  but  the  friendship  that  existed  in  prosperity,  had  disappeared  when  adver adversity  sity adversity  came  on  ;  and  on  the  morning  that  this  occurrence  took  place,  I  was  returning  from  the  docks  without  the  slightest  hope  of  obtaining  any  assistance  for  a  helpless  family  of  small  children,  who  hail  eaten  nothing  for  36  hours.  No  wonder  then,  that  I  should  be  tempted  to  commit  an  offence,  which  I  knew  it  was  madness  to  attempt.  But  when  I  beheld  the  pale  faces  and  emaciated  forms  of  five  small  brothers  and  a  mother  suffering  under  the  circumstances  which  I  have  already  named,  my  mind  became  agitated—l  cared  not  what  became  of  me—and  ',felt  as  if  I  was  hurried  on  to  destruction  by  some  irresistible  influence.  Tile  purport  of  this  is  to  beg  the  magistrates  to  deal  with  me  sum summarily,  marily, summarily,  and  as  an  act  of  mercy,  not  to  commit  me  for  trial,  and  thus  give  me  an  opportunity  of  reforming  my  character,  which  I  have  before  always  endeavoured  to  preserve  unsullied  from  the  slightest  improper  conduct.  With  regard  to  my  brother  being  concerned  in  this  case,  I  must  say  that  he  was  directed  by  my  instructions.  He  did  not  know  the  consequence  3  of  such  a  proceeding.  He  can  produce  three  years'  character  fr  on  constant  and  trustworthy  situations  op  to  the  day  on  which  the  sad  occurrence  took  place.  If  I  could  get  an  opportunity  to  join  one  of  the  regiments  of  dragoons,  I  would  willingly  do  'so,  and  such  is  my  intentico,  when  it  pleases  God  to  restore  me  to  liberty.  I  would  have  done  so  long  since,  hut  I  never  could  bring  myself  to  leave  a  young  and  help helpless  less helpless  family  unproyideil  for.  I  will  now  say  no  mare  on  the  subject,  hut  beg  the  mercy  of  the  court  may  be  ex extended  tended extended  to  me.  I  never  before  injured  any  person  in  word  or  deed  neither  do  Icy  r  intend  to  do  so  again.  It  is  true  my  conduct  may  seem  atrocious  in  this  case,  and  the  uninterested  observers  may  deem  it  criminal  in  every  sense  of  the  word,  but  if  they  were  acquainted  with  the  dreadful  privations  (he  fore.roing  details  of  which  are  hut  an  outline)  which  led  me  to  the  com commission  mission commission  of  the  ileed,  they  would  not  censure  me  so  much,  if  any  person  would  gi STYLE=superscript  and  see  my  family,  they  would  imm  diatety  admit  this  statement  is  not  in  any  way  exa!eerated.  In  conclusion,  I  most  sincerely  hope  and  beg  that  no  matter  what  the  netgistrates  may  chose  to  do  in  me.  that  they  will  acquit  my  poor  brother,  as  it  was  fault.  ROBERT  H.  EYRE.  's  he  younz  er  pr  i  soner  refused  to  say  anyth  i  ng.  Mr.  Alderman  Rime  said  be  would  nut  aid  to  'he  Pniznaney  of  the  prisoner's  feelings  by  offering  any  ohsorvations  o STYLE=superscript  r  n STYLE=superscript  eh  t STYLE=superscript  ep  h  i  e  )  n  li  a  c  t  ,  U  a  r  n  e  d  o  h  f  t  e  he  il  ,  a  )  (  fl  i  . STYLE=superscript  eo  n  f;  y  e.  a  The  case  was  too  plain  to  tar  e  to  perform.  •  and  which  had  bee  n  letter  receivedietitl  public  duty  read.  correct  and  grammatical  prisoner  had  written,  as  it  was,  sho  v  ed  he  j STYLE=superscript  ust STYLE=superscript  )  .d  a  superior  education,  and  it  was  deeply  to  he  re  g  re  tted  to  see  such  a  person  in  tho  position  he  now  stood.  g STYLE=superscript  d  u  ty  w  as  .  a  plain  public  one,  and  that  was  to  commit  both  prisoners  for  trial.  i  They  were  committed  accordingly,  NORTHERN  TIMES,-LIVERPOOL,  FRIDAY,  FEBRUARY  1,  18,56.  RELATIONS  OF  . STYLE=superscript  GREAT-BRIT_AIN  WITH  THE  UNITED  STATES  (PrOA  the:lVew  York  ddbiort.)  The  dismissal  of  Mr.Ciartapton  and,the  zevocation  of  several  Consular  EzeOtatiers  are  discussed  in  the  public  prints  here,as  thdugh  . STYLE=superscript  they  were  faits  aecomplis.  Per  , STYLE=superscript  -  haps  they  will.be  such  in  'the  course  of  a  few  weeks;  for,  althongh.we  have,'  from  the  first,  asserted  that  the  .British  Government  would  not,  under  the  circumstances,  recall  its  representative  at  the  request  of  President  Pierce,  we  have  never  donbted  the  fight  df  the  lattef  to  •  ,  •  exercise  his  prerogative  in  the  ca  se.  It  has  indeed  been  well  nigh  intpossible  to  offer  our  readers  any  surmises  on  the  point,  worth  having—the  confused  manner  in  which  foreign  affairs  are  mixed  up  at  Washington  with  Party  and  electioneering  movements,  being  calculated  to  baffle  the  inquiries  of  the  best  informed.  .  Take  an  illustration  f  , STYLE=superscript  om  the  American  journal  the  N.  Y.  Herald,  that  boasts  of  its  infallibility.  In  its  issue  of  yeserday;  is  Washington  correspondent  announces,  on  the  autho  ritY  a  A  functionary  of  the  zoverntnent,'  that  war  between  the  U.  S.  and  England  will  be  declared  That's  the  plison,  intended  to  in inbe  be inbe  rash  and  unthinl  ing  ;  hut  turn  to  another  paper,  and  you  will  final  the  antidote  s  e.i  ntli  e  Ia  the  Money  and  reliable  means  for  carrying  on  their  operations  proportiona proportionably  bly proportionably  to  the  increasing  requirements  of  the  population.  They  regret  to  state  that  notwithstanding  an  addition  of  new  and  increased  subscriptions  throrigh  the  elections  of  the  cOrn 'cOrnmitteb'  and  their  friends,  amounting  to  £64  4s.  Gd:,  there  is  a  falling  off  in  previous  sirbscriptions  through,  deaths,  removals,  &amp;c.,  of  about  £B4,  and  therefore  had  it  not  been  for  extraor extraordinary  dinary extraordinary  contributions  supplied.  from  donations,  church  collec collections,  tions, collections,  See.,  the  deficit  of  last  year  would  have  been  seriously  increased.  In.  order  to  meet  the  exigencies  of  their,  position,  the  committee  have  had  to  realise  a  part  of  their  vested  pro  . STYLE=superscript  -  perty,.eonsisting  of  a  &amp;A  bond  for  £lOO,  a  measure  which,  while  it  invades  a  fund  which  they  conceive  ought  to  remain  untouched,  depreciates  the  income  of  the  institution  to  the  extent  of  the  interest  derivable  from  it..  Thus  the  diminution  of  the  debt  of  the  charity  is  to  the  extent  of  £lOO  more  appa apparent  rent apparent  than,real.  The  .  receipts  of  the  past  year  exceed  those  of  the  previous  one  by.LBl  6  1.25.  id  ,  while  the  decrease  in  expenditure  has  amounted  to  nearly  £3O.  The-following  are  the  sources  from  which  this  increase  of  receipts  have  been  derived,  viz.:  donations,  £859  128  6d.  ;  legacies,  ;L140;  collections  in  churches  and  chapels,  £177  9s;  so  that  while  tI4  committee'gratefully  acknowledge  the  l►beral  response  Infide  - STYLE=superscript  to  their  apPeal  in  the  last  year  in  respect  to  donations,  &amp;c.,  they  would  forcibly  draw  attention  to  the  fact  that,  unless  the  subscription  list  can  be  considerably  increased,  it  is  probable  that  the  institution  will  be  again  greatly  in  debt  at  the  close;of  the  current  year.  It  is  to  this  point,  then,  the  obtaining  of  increased  and  ad additional  ditional additional  subscriptions,  that  the  committee  would  urgently  in invite  vite invite  the  attention  and  efforts  of  all  friends  to  the  charity,  and  if  each  one  would  exert  bitnself  to  even  a  small  extent  in  his  owl  immediate  sphere,  they  doubt  not  that  at  a  very  trifling  individual  saeri6e  the  dispensaries  might  be  placed  in  a  posi position  tion position  of  increased  efficiency  and  usefu!ness,  proportioned  to  the  exigenries  of  the  vast  multitude  of  poor  who  every,  year  in  greater  numbers  crowd  our  precincts.  In  conclusion,  the  committee  have  deeply  to  lament,  in  common  with  the  whole  community,  tho  loss  of  the  Venerable  Archdeacon  Brooks,  who  was  for  several  years  the  president,  and  over  the  warm  fr'end  and  patron,  of  this  institution.  Ito  ever  entertained  a  lively  sense  of  the  great  benefits  it  con conferred  ferred conferred  on  the  town,  not  the  least  of  which  he  reckoned  the  fact  that  in  numberless  instances  it  prevented  honest  industry  from  losinff  its  sense  of  independence  by  being  obliged  to  resort  to  parochial  aid  in  the  hour  of  sickness  and  distress,  and  thus,  having  once  partaken  of  assistance  from  that  obnoxious  quar quarter,  ter, quarter,  continuing,  permanently  and  unreluetantly,  burdensome  to  the  parish..  _  The  numbers  relieved  by  the  dispensaries  during  the  past  year  were  37,405.  The  Treasurer  then  read  the  accounts  for  the  past  year  from  which  it  appeared  :  Subscriptions  for  1855  Donations  859  12  6  Legacies  Collections  in  Churches  and  Chapels  177  9  0  Miscellaneous  Receipts  Dock  Bond  realized  Interest  on  Dock  Bonds  Total  Receipts  Balauce  .  £3098  9  9  151  9  7  X  3249  19  4  Mr.  M'Gregor  moved,  and  Mr.  Moss  seconded,  a  motion  to  the  effect  that  the  above  report  be  adopted  and  published.  A  vote  of  thanks  was  also  passed  to  the  vice-president  and  medical  officers  to  the  institution  ;  which,  with  others,  will  be  found  in  our  advertising  columns.  Mr.  Paine  then  moved  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  clergymen  and  ministers  of  religion  who  had  preached'charitable  sermons  in  behalf  of  the  society  i❑  their  respective  places  of  worship,  in  the  course  of  which  he  took  the  opportuntty  of  especially  thanking  the  Roman  Catholics  for  their  first  donation  from  such  a  source,  and  expressed  a  hope  that  it  would  be  continued,  as  the  larger  amount  of  assistance  was  rendered  to  members  of  their  congregation  than  '.;o  any  other.  lle  also  hoped  that  those'Dissenting  ministers  who  had  not  already  done  so,  would  follow  the  examp:e  of  .their  Roman  Cat':olic  brethren.  Clarke  seconded  the  resolution.  Mr.  Reckaby  moved,  and  Mr.  Rolins  seconded,  the  resolu resolution  tion resolution  appointing  the  officers  for  the  ensuing  year,  the  latter  gentleman  expressing  a  hope  that  some•  new  blood  had  been  infused  into  the  committee,  in  order  that  the  institution  might,  by  their,  exertions,  increase  in  prosperity.  After  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman,  the  meeting  separated.  AUSTRALIA  The  advices  by  the  West  India  mail  are  from  Mel Melbourne  bourne Melbourne  to  the  2nd  November  via  Callao,  and  from  Sydney  to  the  27th  October,  being  one  week  later  than  previous  advices.  The  Argus  states,  that  rich  veins  of  quartz  are  being  discovered  about  20  miles  from  Geelong.  An  assay,  by  crushing  and  amalgamation,  gave  at  the  rate  of  880  oz.  to  the  There  was  a  great  rush  of  miners  to  the  spot.  A  mail  was  to  be  made  up  at  Melbourne  for  Liverpool,  per  the  Shalimar,  on  the  9th  November.  The  transport  ship  Windsor,  with  a  detachment  of  the  40th  regiment,  anchored  in  Hobson's  Bay  on  the  27th  October  from  Dublin.  The  Sydney  correspondent  of  the  Argus,  under  date  of  27th  October,  says  that  great  preparations  were  making  for  the  elections.  Several  failures  had  taken  place  in  Sydney,  which  created  considerable  want  of  confidence  in  monetary  circles,  and  especially  in  the  j3int  stock  banks,  on  which  a  run  had  been  made,  although  to  a  small  extent.  Other  failures  were  anticipated,  but  it  is  supposed  the  crisis  had  passed.  The  papers  contain  accounts  of  considerable  rioting  and  robbery,  and  are  directing  attention  to  the  insecu insecurity  rity insecurity  of  life  and  property,  in  consequence  of  the  number  and  ferocity  of  outlaws  at  large  throughout  the  country.  The  correspondent  of  the  Sydney  Betald,  writing  from  Auckland  says,  that  the  general  assembly  is  not  expected  to  be  convened  before  April,  when  it  is  anticipated  there  will  be  considerable  disputing  relative  to  the  seat  of  government,  and  the  separation  of  Auckland  from  the  list  of  the  united  provinces.  A  severe  shock  of  an  earthquake  was  felt  at  Taranaki  on  the  22nd  of  October,  .by  which  several  buildings  were  destroyed.  The  season  in  New  Zealand  has  been  unusually  mild,  and  larger  tracts  of  land  were  under  cultivation  than  ever  known  previously.  In  Melbourne  the STYLE=superscript  price  of  gold  was  £3  15s.  6d.  per  or  The  arrivals  of  shipping  had  been  numerous,  including  the  George  Henrick, STYLE=superscript  with  3,358  bags  flour  from  Valpa Valparaiso  raiso Valparaiso  ;  the  Want,  with  6,619  do  from  do  ;  and  the  Grey Greyhound,  hound, Greyhound,  with  8,800  do  from  do.  The  Express,  from  Ca  rn.Fl  also STYLE=superscript  arrived.  Fine  flour  is  quo  t  e  d  at  £47  rer  li  t  f  o  p  n,;  ta  second,  £45  do  s  Chilian,  £:*  Gallego,  £4B  do.  Wheat,  15s  per  basnel.  In  Sydney  gold  is  quoted  :  'Port  Phillip,  £3  18s  per  oz.  Superior  fi  ne  fi  n  er,  £45;  ordinary  seconds,  £37;  wheat,  17s  per  bushel  ;  American  flour,  90s  per  barrel.—Panama  Star."
