text
"THE  NATIONAL  &amp;SOCIETY,  &amp;5.c.  The  journals  in  the  interest  of  the  Evangelical  party  have  been  making  as  outcry  because  of  the  alleged  refusal  of  Lord  Palmerston  to  sanction  this  year  the  customary  issue  of  a  Queen's  LETTER,  promoting  the  , STYLE=superscript  collection  for  the  National  and  for  the  propagation  of  the  gospel  in  foreign  parts.  The  Morning  Advertiser  and  the  Herald  of  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  notice  and  denounce  the  refusal,  and  speak  of  the  Home  Secretary  in  no  measured  terms.  But  it  appears  from  the  Observer  of  yesterday  that  there  is  not  a  particle  of  founda foundation  tion foundation  for  this  story.  That  journal  observes  There  is  no  foundation  for  the  mistatement,  and  the  collections  will  be  made  this  year  in  the  usual  way,  in  the  churches,  upon  the  letter,  formally  and  officially  addressed  to  the  Arahfriabm  , STYLE=superscript  ,st  Cauvuctoul  uuu  immoc  tn  - STYLE=superscript  sit  L'l!  iuuu  The  same  journal  thus  discusses  the  propriety  of  continuing  the  royal  patronage  with  an  irrererence  which  we  condemn,  but  with  a  plainness  that  shows  how  nearly  at  an  end  is  the  custom  of  royally  promulgating  those  annual  collections  :  But  the  present  discussion  will  probably  lead  to  an  inquiry  that  may  open  the  whole  question  of  this  sort  of  royal  patronage  in  favour  of  eleemosynary  efforts,  which  are  of  late  years  sufficiently  organised  to  do  without  them.  And  should  it  so  happen—fortunately  or  unfortunately•—that  the  decision  of  the  advisers  of  the  crown  prove  to  be  against  continuing  the  practice  in  future  years,  we  shall  in  all  pro probability  bability probability  have  the  Rev.  Dr.  Denison  declaiming  that  he  had  much  rather  do  without  it.  Lord  Palmerston,  however,  is  proverbially  good-natured.  Whatever  opinions  he  may  have,  he  is  ready  to  grant  a  long  day—whether  it  be  to  the  religious  societies  in  question,  or  (if  we  compare  great  things  with  small)  the  Christmas  Mose  Clubs,  which  may  boast  no  great  religion  at  all.  All  irregular  gambling  tran transactions  sactions transactions  have  been  ordered  to  be  closely  watched  by  the  police.  The  goose  clubs  at  the  public  houses,  and  the  plum  pudding  deposits  at  the  small  grocers'  shops,  are  let  off—for  this  year  only—on  condition  that  they  have  now  fair  warn warning,  ing, warning,  and  that  however  innocent  themselves,  they  will  not  be  permitted  to  operate  in  future  years,  either  as  a  cloak,  or  an  example,  for  more  dangerous  dealings  in  the  gambling  line,  which  the  government  has  resolved,  in  the  interests  of  society,  to  put  down  altogether.  MINING  IN  RUSSIA.—The  mining  Journal  of  St.  Peters Petersburg  burg Petersburg  states  that  the  mines  belonging  to  the  state  have  this  year  furnished  to  the  mint  1457  pounds  and  28  pounds  of  gold,  representing  oalue  of  19,902,338  roubles  (79,609,3520  and  1367  pounds  of  silver  (4,979,524  f.),  or  in  all  21,147,219  roubles  (84,588,876  f.)  THE  BOARD  OF  CUSTOMS—A  room  on  the  ground  floor  at  the  eastern  end  of  the  custom-house,  London,  will  be  appro appropriated  priated appropriated  to  the  hearing  of  complaints  and  appeals.  With  re regard  gard regard  to  the  outports,  the  same  mode  of  proceeding  is  to  be  observed,  as  far  as  practicable,  the  collector,  controller,  or  other  officer  deputed  for  that  purpose,  presiding  at  the  in inquiry,  quiry, inquiry,  instead  of  a  commissioner.  POSTHUMOUS  WORK  OF  WILLIAM  HUMBOLDT.—A  letter  from  Berlin,  of  the  25th  ult.,  says  There  has  just  been  published  a  collection  of  352  sonnets,  composed  by  the  late  Baron  William  de  Humboldt,  brother  of  Alexandre  de  Humboldt,  during  his  residence  on  his  estate  of  Tejel,  whither  he  retired  in  1831,  after  the  death  of  his  wife,  and  remained  until  his  death,  in  1835.  These  sonnets  were  dic dictated  tated dictated  by  this  celebrated  statesman  to  his  secretary,  M.  de  Schulz,  now  sub-director  of  .the  Public  Debt  of  Prussia,  recommending  him  not  to  publish  them  until  15  years  after  his  death.  The  king  has  accepted  the  dedication  of  the"
