text
"THE  COURT  WINDSOR,  JAN  22.—There  was  no  addition  to  the  relay.  The  Queen  and  the  royal  dinner  party  y  Prince  walked  in  the  Horne-park  this  mornir  of  Clarendon  had  an  audience  of  her  The  Earl  Mapsty  in  the  afternoon.  The  Duchess  of  Kent,  attended  by  Lady  Fanny  Howard  and  Sir  George  Couper,  arrived  in  town  yesterday  morning  from  Frogmore.  Her  Royal  Highness  paid  a  visit  to  the  Duchess  of  Gloucester  at  Gloucester Gloucesterhouse,  house, Gloucesterhouse,  and  in  the  afternoon  left  London  on  her  return  to  Frogmore.  RETIREMENT  OF  ME.  MAcAuLAY.—Mr.  Macaulay  ha  s  issued  a  farewell  address  to  his  constituents  at  Edinburgh,  on  retiring  from  Parliament  in  consequence  of  ill-health.  CABINET  CO  use:lL—Yesterday  afternoon,  a  Cabinet  Council,  of  protracted  duration,  was  1  at  the  Foreign Foreignoffice,  office, Foreignoffice,  Downin  g  -  s  t  reet.  There  was  a  very  full  attendance  of  ministers  NEW  COLONIAL  Blsnornlc.—The  Queen  has  been  pleased,to  constitute  the  Colony  of  Western  Australia  to  be  a  bishop's  see  and  diocese,  to  be  called  the  Bishopric  of  Perth,  and  to  appoint  the  Ven.  Matthew  B.  Hale,  Archdeacon  of  Adelaide,  to  be  ordained  and  consecrated  bishop  of  the  said  see.  EASTE  CO  UNTIES  R  *AY  DlSPUTES.—Yesterday,  Mr.  Waddington,  M.P.,  Ex-chairman  of  the  Eastern  Counties  Railway  Company,  issued  his  final  reply  to  the  committee  of  ;nvestigations.  lie  asserts  that  the  recent  agitation  has  lowered  the  value  of  the  property  nearly  2,000,0001  sterling;  but,  if  supported  by  the  shareholders  ,  he  hopes  to  b  e  a  bl  e  t  r  i  um  ph  an  tly  ,  t  o  retrieve  their  interests.  -4  , STYLE=superscript  --  V  Lmeruats.—Last  evening  the  second  of  a  series  of  L  ILLAGE STYLE=superscript  ectures  under  the  above  head,  was  delivered  at  the  assembly-rooms,  Wavertree,  to  a  highly  respectable  audience.  Mr.  Picton  was  the  lecturer,  and  the  subject  A  most  agreeable  evening  was  passed.  COURT  OF  BANKRUPTCY.—I  N  RE  ROBERT  BURNS—This  bankrupt  applied  yesterday  for  his  certificate,  and  was  sup supported  ported supported  by  Mr.  Etty,  who  examined  the  bankrupt  relative  to  his  failure  in  a  patent  that  he  had  taken  out.  The  learned  gentleman  asked  for  a  certificate  of  the  first-class.  Tha  commissioner  granted  an  immediate  certificate  of  the  first  class,  and  remarked  that  he  was  sorry  to  find  a  man  who  had  conducted  himself  so  honourably  compelled  to  seek  the  protection  of  the  bankruptcy  court.  LIVERPOOL  ARCHITECTURAL  AND  ARCHEOLOGICAL  SOCIETY.—The  usual  periodical  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  last  evening  at  the  Royal  Institution,  Co!quitt-street,  J.  Hay,  Esq.,  the  president  of  the  society,  occupied  the  chair.  Mr.  J.  Westmoreland  and  Mr.  H.  F.  Price  were  unanimously  elected  associate-members  of  the  society.  Mr.  J.  11.  Weightman  (the  secretary)  announced  the  following  donations  :—Part  2  of  vol.  i.  Illustrations  to  the:Dictionary  of  Architecture,  from  Mr.  W.  P.  Griffin  ;  the  proceedings  of  the  Essex  Archaeological  Society,  from  that  society  ;  Nos.  1  and  2  of  the  Building  News,  from  the  editor  ;  the  Irish  Reporter,  from  the  proprietor  ;  minutes  of  the  proceedings  of  the  Royal  Institute  of  British  Architects.  The  usual  routine  business  baying  been  disposed  of,  Mr.  Boult  announced  that  the  Elms'  testimonial  fund  was  closed,  and  mounted  to  within  a  few  shillings  of  £1,450.  It  was  '  to  invest  £1,400  of  that  amount  in  dock  bonds,  for  -rnoration  would  allow  5  p  er  cent..  The  would  go  to  Mrs.  Elmes  and  her  son  deaths  it  was  proposed  to  which  t  r  lives,  itablish  two  scholarships,  of  £35  each,  for  pupils  of  the  Royal,  Collegiate,  and  Mechanics  Institutions,  for  students  or  student  members,  in  architecture  or  the  fine  arts,  to  be  specially  exam  i  ne  d  b  y  t  h  e  trustees,  and  in  case  of  their  not  being  able  to  decide,  the  mayor  for  the  time  being  to  have  a  casting  vote.  Each  scholarship  to  be  enjoyed  for  two  years,  an  d  the  endowment  to  be  in  perpetuity  after  the  decease  of  Mrs.  Elmes  and  her  son.  The  balance  of  £5O  to  go  to  defray  any  incidental  expenses,  and  the  balance,  if  any,  to  be  given  to  Mrs.  Elmes.  Boult  congratulated  the  society  on  the  prospect  of  the  foundation  of  the  scholarships,  which  were  much  required.  The  secretary  then  read  a  letter  from  Mr.  Goodwin  of  London,  congratulating  the  committee  and  the  town,  on  having  shown  such  an  appreciation  of  the  talent  and  ability  lie  late  Mr.  Elmes,  as  to  have  raised  a  sufficient  sum  or  the  maintenance  of  his  widow  and  son.  Mr.  Huggics  then  introduced  a  subject  very  interesting  to  architects,  and  upon  which  some  con  s  id  era  bl  e  conversation  followed,  namely  —the  most  advantageous  mode  of  admitting  light  to  dwell dwelling  ing dwelling  houses  or  public  buildings,  by  Skylights  or  by  windows.  No  decided  conclusion  was  arrived  at.  In  the  course  of  the  -ening  several  designs  for  the  stained  glass  windows  of  lston  church  were  exhibited.  One  of  them  was  from  a  iber  of  the  institution,  but  as  they  were  for  competition,  , STYLE=superscript  mes  were  attached  to  either.  Mr.  C.  Davis  then  read  ler  of  the  evening,  Notes  on  Isometrical  Perspec Perspec'  ' Perspec'  I, STYLE=superscript  c  explained  by  diagrams  and  models.  A  which  vote  of  thanks  concluded  the  business,  lIERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY,  JANUARY  24,  1866.  LATEST  INTELLIGENCE.  SECOND  EDITION.  THE  PEACE  PROGRESS  A  despatch  dated  Berlin,  yesterday,  states  that  a  circular  issued  by  the  St.  Petersburg  Cabinet  declares  that  Russia  has  made  concessions  to  meet  the  representations  of  the  friendly  powers,  solely  with  a  view  to  the  establishment  of  peace;  that  the  interests  of  Russia  in  no  way  demanded  this  peace,  and  that  the  concessions  were  in  no  respect  made  on  account  of  her  interests,  M.  de  Budberg  had  that  day  received  a  circular  from  Count  Nesselrode,  which  makes  known  to  the  representatives  of  Russia  at  foreign  Courts,  the  motives  of  the  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  propo-  sitions,  and  which  informs  them  of  the  Chancel-  lor's  intentions  relative  to  future  negociatious  THE  FRENCH  FUNDS.  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING,  To-day  the  business  on  the  Bourse  closed  at  the  subjoined  quotations  :—Four  and  a  Halfper  Cents•,  94f  40c  ;  Three  per  Cents•,  68f.  65e  THE  PEACE  MOVEMENT.  There  is  but  little  to  add  to  what  is  already  known  upon  the  subject  of  the  position  of  affairs  since  the  acceptance  by  Russia  of  the  Austrian  proposals.  f  :  - STYLE=superscript  .We  learn  from  Berlin,  under  date  of  the  22nd  inst.,  that  the  Journal  de  St.  Petersburg  of  the  preceding  day  has  the  following  ;  In  consequence  of  the  general  desire  of  Europe,  the  Russian  Government  has  not  wished  to  delay  the  work  of  reconciliation  by  entering  into  negociations  of  detail,  trusting  that  her  moderation  will  be  duly  The  statement  of  the  English  journals,  that  Russia  has  been  required  not  to  re•fortify  the  Aland  Isles,  is  not  credited  bore.  The  necessity  for  economy  had  be become  come become  so  great  in  Russia,  that  the  Czar,  in  regulating  the  Budget  for  1856,  struck  out  all  pensions  granted  within  the  last  two  years,  unless  for  military  service.  In  the  diplomatic  circles,  it  is  expected  that  the  Allies  will  maintain  an  army  of  occupation  in  Turkey,  till  the  reforms  in  favour  of  the  Christians  are  brought  into  exe execution,  cution, execution,  and  firmly  established.  Dif  f STYLE=superscript  iculties  are  appre apprehended  hended apprehended  on  this  point,  on  the  part  of  both  Russia  and  Turkey.  An  army  of  occupation,  it  is  said,  must  be  required  for  the  Principalities,  which  must  be  English  or  French,  or  mixed.  A  letter,  dated  Jan.  19th,  informs  us  that  the  Vienna  diplomatists  are  still  occupied  in  discussing  the  con conditions  ditions conditions  of  the  armistice  which  is  to  be  concluded,  but  nothing  is  likely  to  be  definitively  settled  until  the  preliminaries  of  peace,  with  the  signature  of  the  Russian  Government  attached  to  them,  have  arrived  from  St.  Petersburg.  In  so-called  well-informed  circles,  it  is  affirmed  that  the  commanders  of  the  belligerent  armies  have  already  received  instructions  to  suspend  hostilities,  bat  there  is  reason  to  believe  that  the  assertion  is  incorrect.  The  Austrians,  although  they  have  not  smelt  powder  during  the  war,  are  fanatically  inclined  to  peace,  and  therefore  when  the  Peace  Congress  has  met,  France  and  England  will  probably  have  occasion  to  observe  that  Austria  will  play  the  part  of  moderator  rather.than  that  of  thorough-going  disinterested  ally.  .The  propositions  just  accepted  by  Russia  contain  everything  that  Austria  can  possibly  desire,  but  it  is  not  so  certain  that  they  contain  everything  that  is  requisite  to  a  definite  and  satisfactory  settlement  of  the  Eastern  question.  The  free  navigation  of  the  Danube,  and  the  abolition  of  the  Russian  Protectorate  over  the  non  -united  or  schismatic  Greek  subjects  of  the  Porte  are  matters  of  vital  import importance  ance importance  to  Austria,  and  she  will  therefore  take  excellent  care  that  they  shall  be  settled  to  her  complete  satisfaction;  but  it  is  doubtful  whether  she  will  display  Equal  firmness  on  the  other  three  points.  The  fifth  proposition,  which  is  extremely  elastic,  was  at  first  rejected  in  toto  by  the  Rus Russians,  sians, Russians,  and  now  the  Austrians  affect  to  attach  but  little  importance  to  it.  What  is  meant  by  the  following  words  ?  The,  belligerent  Powers  reserve  to  themselves  the  right  that  appertains  to  them  of  bringing  forward.  in  the  interest  of  Europe,  special  conditions  over  and  above  the  four  Is  it  in  the  interest  of  Europe  that  the  Aland  Islands,  which  are  within  forty  miles  of  the  Swedish  coast,  should  be  transformed  into  a  second  Swea Sweaborg  borg Sweaborg  ?  Is  it  in  the  interest  of  Europe,  of  which  Turkey  is  in  future  to  form  an  integral  part,  that  the  roads  and  harbour  of  Sebastopol  should  be  commanded  by  the  artil artillery  lery artillery  of  the  northern  forts,  and  that  the  Caucasian  coast  should  again  be  larded  with  Russian  fortresses  and  block blockhouses  houses blockhouses  ?  These  are  matters  which  will  be  discussed  at  the  Peace  Congress,  and  'public  attention  has  therefore  been  thus  specially  directed  to  them.  Referring  to  the  proceedings  at  home,  the  Globe  of  last  night  says  It  is  highly  satisfactory  to  know  that  the  warlike  preparations  of  the  government  are  proceeding  as  if  no  pacific  intimation  had  been  received.  Gunboats  are  being  completed  and  commissioned,  mortars  are  being  cast,  recruits  come  in  increased  numbers  in  consequence  of  Lord  Panmure's  recent  change  in  the  bounty,  drill  and  rifle  practice  are  carried  on  with  assiduity,  stores  are  being  shipped  off—all  with  an  energy  unsurpassed  at  any  period  of  the  war.  As  an  indication  that  preparations  are  not  decreased  in  point  of  extent,  we  may  mention  that  within  the  last  few  hours  a  requisition  has  been  sent  for  transport  accommodation  for  4,000  horses—nearly  60,000  tons  of  shipping.  General  Codrington's  army,  according  to  the  latest  accounts,  numbered  more  than  54,000  men,  in  admirable  condition  and  spirits,  and  were  fast  approach approaching  ing approaching  the  highest  discipline.  This  training  and  preparation  for  a  campaign  will  go  on  until  we  know  absolutely  that  there  will  be  no  campaign.  It  is  not  necessarily  to  be  argued  from  all  this  that  the  government  distrusts  the  desire  of  Russia  to  come  to  terms  in  the  interest  of  European  security.  A  knowledge  of  her  internal  circumstances  would  perhaps  suggest  a  different  presumption.  But  Lord  Palmerston  has  the  honour  of  England  in  his  keeping,  and  while  meeting  cordially  the  advances  to  peace,  he  will  carefully  provide  for  a  possible  failure  of  diplomacy,  by  bringing  into  full  working  order  that  machinery  which,  in  conjunction  with  the  arms  of  our  Allies,  has  hitherto  been  so  instrumental  in  achieving  success  ECCLESTASTICAL  INTELLIGENCE.—The  Lord  Bishop  of  Manchester  on  Tuesday,  at  the  Diocesan  Registry,  licensed  the  Rev.  J6hn  Atkinson  to  the  stipendiary  curacy  of  Saint  James's,  Preston  ;  and  the  Rev.  Joseph  Furnival  Brindle,  M.A.,  to  the  stipendiary  curacy  of  Saint  Thomas's,  Preston.  THE  NORTH-WEST  PASSAGE—A  correspondent  writes  to  a  London  cotemporary  in  the  following  terms  :—The  claims  of  Sir  John  Franklin  to  the  honour  of  the  discovery  of  the  North-west  Passage  were  strongly  insisted  upon  by  several  high  authorities,  before  the  select  committee  of  the  House  of  Commons  on  Arctic  Expedition,  appointed  to  inquire  into  the  services  and  claims  of  Sir  Robert  M'Clure.  Among  those  authorities,  it  may  be  sufficient  to  name  Sir  Roderick  Murchison,  Admiral  Beaufort,  Sir  John  Richardson,  Capt.  Washington,  the  present  hydrographer  to  the  Admiralty,  and  Lady  Franklin  herself.  The  claims  advanced  on  behalf  of  Sir  John  Franklin's  crews  were,  perhaps,  very  naturally  and  properly  considered  by  the  committee  to  be  based  too  largely  on  conjectures  to  admit,  with  the  informa information  tion information  then  before  them,  of  being  brought  into  competition  with  those  of  Captain  M'Clure.  The  result  of  the  expedition  of  Messrs.  Anderson  and  Stewart  to  the  mouth  of  the  Great  Fish  River  must  now,  however,  be  con considered  sidered considered  as  completely  establishing  the  views  brought  before  the  committee  by  the  friends  of  Sir  John  Franklin.  The  most  interesting  discovery  (in  the  absence  of  any  written  documents)  made  by  Messrs.  Anderson  and  Stewart,  is  that  of  th  e  remains  of  the  b  oat  b  elonging  to  the  Terror,  found  on  M  ontreal  Island,  t  h  e  crew  of  which,  by  complet completing  ing completing  the  li  n  k  connecting  the  open  water  along  the  coast  of  North  America  with  Barrow  Straits,  discovered  the  North--  West  Passage  as  completely  and  precisely  in  the  same  sense  as  Captain  M'Clure  did  at  a  subsequent  period  in  another  part  of  the  Polar  Sea.  The  rewards  and  honours  conferred  on  Sir  Robert  M•Clure  were  well  merited  and  well  bestowed  ;  but,  with  the  evidence  now  before  us,  his  claim  to  the  merit  of  the  discovery  of  the  North-West  Passage  can  no  longer  be  maintained  ;  the  true  discoverers  bei  ng  unquestionably  the  remnants  o  f  the  crews  of  the  ill-fated  expedition  of  Sir  John  Franklin."
