text
"LIVERPOOL  MARKETS-YESTERDAY.  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  SUGAR  has  been  taken  to  a  fair  extent  to-day,  the  PaleBconi:  prising  120  hilds,  Antigua,  at  325.  6d.  to  355.  ;  200  bags  Benares,  at  38s,  ;  and  670  cases  low  brown  Bahia,  at  19.5.  per  cwt.  In  MOLASSES  nothing  further  is  repo  ted.  Of  RUM:  Ninty  puncheons  Demerara  have  been  sold  at  previous  rates.  RICE  :  The  sales  are  confined  to  500  bags,  low  middling  Bengal,  at  14s.  4d.;  and  200  bags  Moulmain,  at  12s.  9d.  per  cwt.-  SALTPETRE  :  Fifty  bags  have  realised  295.  per  cwt.  ,  for  51  per  cent.  refraction.  The  cargo  of  Mazatlan  LIMA  Woon,  offered  to-day,  was  brought  in,  but  subsequently  about  60  tons  were  taken,  at  £l3  10s.  to  £l3  12s.  6d.  per  ton.  TEA  :  Very  few  sales  are  reported  to-day,  but  the  tone  of  the  market  denotes  firmness  ;  sound  common  Congou  is  in  par partial  tial partial  request,  at  per  lb.  COTTON.—The  sales  to-day  are  7,000  bales,  of  which  1,500  have  been  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export.  The  market  closed  with  much  firmness.  Colt'.—Although  during  the  present  week  we  have  had  little  rain  here,  the  weather  has  been  cloudy  and  obscure,  and  in  many  other  parts  of  the  kingdom  it  is  described  as  having  been  extremely  wet  and  unsettled,  more  especially  in  the  latest  districts  of  the  north,  where  a  portion  of  the  crops  is  said  to  be  standing  immatured,  and  much  already  cut  still  remaining  oat;  fears  are  expressed,  that  at  this  protracted  period  of  the  season  much  injury  in  those  sections  of  the  country  will  be  sustained,  and  not  a  little  perhaps  upon  several  cold  backward  soils,  even  on  this  side  the  Tweed,  unless  speedily  averted  by  a  favourable  change.  In  place  of  the  late  general  excitement  in  the  Corn  trade,  the  English  and  Scotch  markets,  in  the  early  part  of  the  week,  exhibited  a  calmer  aspect,  and  in  most  cases  a  decline  in  the  value  of  Wheat,  equal  to  is  in  some,  in  others  is  to  2s  per  qr.  Spring  Corn,  with  few  exceptions,  remaining  steady.  The  trade  here  was  even  more  depressed  on  Wednesday  than  the  day  previous,  but  wherever  Flour  was  offered  at  a  decline  it  was  promptly  taken  by  buyers  ;  yesterday  the  tone  of  firmness  was  strongly  reasserted,  many  parcels  were  withdrawn,  and  6d  to  is  per  barrel  advance  was  paid  over  Tuesday's  depression  ;  on  both  days  a  considerable  business  was  done  in  this  article,  but  the  transactions  in  Wheat,  in  the  interval  from  our  last  market,  have  not  been  important,  holders  being  firm,  and  the  value  rather  tending  towards  improvement.  The  American  market,  by  advices  to  the  Ist  inst.,  comes  rather  dearer  for  Wheat  and  Flour,  telegraphic  advices  having  been  received  at  New  York  of  the  amended  state  of  the  trade  here  on  the  16th  September.  We  continuo  to  receive  very  scanty  supplies  coastwise  and  from  Ireland,  and  the  only  arrivals  of  Grain  pro produce  duce produce  into  this  port  from  abroad  since  Monday  last,  are  5274  qrs.  of  Wheat.  and  7842  barrels  of  Flour  from  the  United.  States,  with  650  barrels  from  Canada.  The  tone  of  this  day's  market  is  exceedingly  healthy  :  local  as  well  as  country  millers  have  operated  freely  in  Wheats  ;  some  large  lots  also  have  been  taken  to  hold  over,  and  we  may  quote  the  value  generally  ld  to  2d  per  bushel  dearer  than  on  Tuesday  last,  with  a  greater  advance  in  some  instances  upon  the  extreme  reduction  of  that  day.—Flour  is  also  in  extensive  demand  for  consumption,  and  fully  recovers  the  lately  noted  decline  ;  there  has  not  been  much  taken  for  investment,  the  number  of  choice  parcels  offering  being  comparatively  small  ;  36s  6d  to  34s  per  barrel  is  current currently  ly currently  made  for  Western  Canal,  and  35s  for  prime  Baltimore  and  Philadelphia  brands.  Barley  and  Met'scarce  and  fully  as  dear.—Egyptian  Beans,  upon  a  fair  retail  sale,  are  unchanged  in  value.  Both  old  and  new  Oats,  though  scarce,  barely  sup support  port support  our  quotations  :  and  new  Oatmeal  is  in  slow  request  at  9d  per  load  below  previous  rates.  For  white  Indian  Corn  we  have  a  moderate  inquiry,  but  Yellow  is  neglected,  and  the  value  rather  nominal  than  otherwise."
