text
"EXTRAORDINARY  YIELD.  OF  GOLD  AT  BALLARAT.  The  recent  information,  which  justified  us  in  anticipating  .from  Old,Ballarat  news  of  great  discoveries,  was  not  unex unexpected.  pected. unexpected.  A  thorough  knowledge  of  the  locality,  has  led  us  :always  to  point  to  the  Buinyong  range  -as  the  place  where  gold.  would  be  found  in  the  greatest  profusion.  From  the  commencement  of  the.  Ballarat  diggings  in  September,  1851,  the  heaviest  gold  was  found:nearer  the  diggings  appximat appximated.to  ed.to appximated.to  Buinyong.  .At  Poverty  Point  one  piede-  , STYLE=superscript  weighing  oz..  was  found  in  clay  about  four  feet  deep  ;  another  piece  weighing  8  oz.  was  found  at  the  same  depth,  andin  the-same  stratum.  - STYLE=superscript  Subsequent  discoveries  at  the.:  Canadian  Gully  developed  masses  unheard  of  in.  the  annals  of  diggings  masses  of  the  precious  metal  that  were:weighed  by  the  hun hundred,  dred, hundred,  and  whose  Value  was  calculated  by'  thOusands.  The  discoveries  of  to-day  are  worthy.  of  their'  predecessors.  The  amount  . STYLE=superscript  produced  is  doubled  in.  one  weekr  and  upWards  of  12,000  ounces  show  as  the  product  of  8,000  diggers'  labour!  Ballarat  stands  out  in  bold  relief  from  the  other.  gold  fields.  es  being  pre-eminently  the  best  and  most  enduring.  The  first  discovered,  it  is  the  most  lasting.  It  has  gradually  im improved  proved improved  during  the  last  seven  mouths,  and  the  yield  for  August  is  greater,.  than  during  any  month'  since  December.  last..  —  Geelong  Advertiser,  Sept.  I.  Ballarat,  August  26.;  •  •  .  A  hole  is  stmk  not.far  frem  my  tent  90  feet  througirthe  slate,  and  the  parties  have  come  upon  gold  in  very  great  abundance.  They  took  , STYLE=superscript  out.af  the  hole  last  Taesday,lo2.lbs.  weight.  They  are  now  paying  two  men  one  ounce  of.  gold  each  per  night  to  watch  the  hole,  so  that  it  must  , STYLE=superscript  be  rich  to  p!iable  theit  to  do  that.  The  parties  wre  three  *months  in  sinli.ing  the  hole  which  has  turned  , STYLE=superscript  out  4drkty  _Empire,  Sept.  9.  Ballarat,  Sept.  5.  Thd  quantity  of  gold  found  is  perfectly  incredible.  This  week's  escort  is  15,227  oz.  Besides  this,  there  are  9,000  oz.  on  deposit,  - STYLE=superscript  which  will  be  'left  behind.  -  I  saw  eleven  men  CFarrett's  •  party)  start  for  Geelong-  on  Saturday  with  two  parts,  taking  with  them  1,0231b5.  weight  of  gold,  obtained  iu  Seven  weeks.  ONE  HUNDREDIVE/GET  IN  A  LIMIP.-  4 STYLE=superscript  I,  John  hong;  of  Geelong,  gold-digger,  working  in  Prince  .Regears'  -, STYLE=superscript  Gully,  pallarat,  where  I  have  a  claim  nearly  - STYLE=superscript  bottoined,  and  , STYLE=superscript  expect  to  drop  upeu,the.stufr  in  the  Jeweller's  Shop,  do  .deelare  to  my  own  knowledge,  that  I  saw  1001bs.  weight  of  gold  - STYLE=superscript  taken  from  a  ten-gallon  keg,  half  filled  with  stuff,  taken  from  one  Claim  in.:Prince  Regent's,  gully.  •  Esaw  the:  gold  weighed,  and  the  weight  was  100113  s.  avoirdupoiso.  The  diggtr  to  whom  it  belongs  I  know:  also;  MS  name  ii  Wilson  . STYLE=superscript  ,  and  he  was.  lately  servant  to  Mr.-Harrison;  formerly;  landlord  of  the  Shearer's  Arms,  New  Town.  Ido  not  care  who  believes  it.  I  saw  it,  andihandled  it,  and  Gothbresa  the:diggera  !'  4 STYLE=superscript  BASIN'  OF  GOLD.—The  '  Jeweller's  Shop,'•  as  the  ewly-cliseovered,strata  - STYLE=superscript  of_  gold  at  Ballaratare.ealle4  are  of  I.  urpassing  richness::  A-Geelong  correspondent  eople  were  arriving.  after  a  mouth'S  work,  with  .41.eina  '2OO  to-400  ounces  of  gold.  The  rich  new  discovery  isdeseribed  as  being  a'  basin'  of  gold.:  ,  The  gold  is  found  in  au  immense  circular.,patch,  or  monster  packet,  and  already  about:a  :dozen  holes  have  been  sunk  into  - STYLE=superscript  it,  every  on&amp;of  'which  has  hit.  §q  uniform  is  this  rich  stratum,  that  its  value,  wherever  tested,  has  been  found  to  range  from  1,200/.  to  2;000/.  per  superficial  foot..  'From  other  parts  of  Ballarat,  the  accounts  are,  little,  less  successful.  It  is  said  that  the  , STYLE=superscript  miners  earn,  on  411...  average  :from  2/.  to  3/.  a  day.  :  Grains  .of  gold  were  found  in  sinking  a  well  at  Emerald  Hilliteside  --kelbourne:  -Wraith  ,  •  ',_  .  (  ,  ,  -  VTR  MIST  AN•D  CHEAPEST  'STOCK  OF  WINTER'  COATS  in  LIVERPOOL,-  at  Win;  EARL'  and  CO.'S,  59'  and  , STYLE=superscript  61,  LORD  STREET.  How  AAR'  mAnx  IN  'RUSSIA.  -Letters  front  St:  Petersburg  state  that,  on  . STYLE=superscript  a  recent  'occasion;  the  Czar,.  haiing  remarked  that  the  number-of  men  raised  'among  the  seifit'in  the  neighbourhood  or  St:  Petersham.  was  smaller  than  iii  any  of  - STYLE=superscript  his  'dominions,  asked  the  reason.  ',die'  was  ~ STYLE=superscript  inforMettl&#34;-that,&#34;'ilio  laiidOWneri  'round  St.  Petersburg  were  in  the  habit  of  permitting  their  serfs  to  .take:service  -in  the  capital,  On  'paying-  a  PortiOnof  . STYLE=superscript  their  wages  to  their  Masters  ;  so  that,  in  point  of  fact,  the  majority  of  registered  in'  the  n;eighbourlicrod  were  actually  in  the  Two  days  after,  the-  •gateS  'of  'the'  citylvere  'closed,  and  a  regular  . STYLE=superscript  rizzio,  was  made,  on  all  the  coachmen,  footmen,'  4e.,  o  f  St.'  Petersburg,  •  ,  .  al  Nage  proportion_  or  whom  Were'forthwith  remavedfroM  their  g'oo'd  places,  .and  kiltor  to  the.  army  •te  fight  the  Turks.  •  •  rfulii'As;  its/  'Ait  - STYLE=superscript  EiticA.--z-Slexander  Dumas  has  written  a  'NPw.  York,-  which  he  says  Find  t:n  'foreon  the  - STYLE=superscript  border's  of  the  se.LawiTit,..,  -rx,„  s  ;  n  „,  s  u  m  ,  pr  the  Ohio,  a  corner  where,  surrouptird,  .hy  my'  ch„  .  „..  .  .„  .  osen  friends,  - STYLE=superscript  I  may  spend  my  last  days,  and  die  in  tran tran,  , tran,  7 STYLE=superscript  9jailti  s STYLE=superscript  triiinler  the  sun  It  is  stated  that  M.  Dumas  -hits  already  confided  several  manuscript  works  to  the  hands  of  'ills  agents,  wheltAye'  established  a.pntbl  shitig  hpuse  in  New  eicik;  ? STYLE=superscript  foi-  the  'plirPo'se  bringin  them.  •outrig  . STYLE=superscript  inally  and  CitisivelY  in  this  'city.  'Tit&amp;  manuscript  of  his  comedy,  the  `t  Yotith  of  Louis  XIV.  I  - STYLE=superscript  Which.Was  prohibited  a  t  th  e  Theatre  Ifralieals,  -- STYLE=superscript  is  in  the  hand's  of  `his  'agents.  SoVeral  of  our  2 STYLE=superscript  man  .  agers  are  in  negotiation  its  p  re  d  uc  tien.-  7  .lVew  •  rork  idune.  .  ,  FRACAS  ON  TIM  NEWRY  FRTTY  SESSION'S  BENCH.---7  •  Daring  the  bearing  of  i  complaint  preferred  by  the  street  in in-sPector..f  -sPector..f in-sPector..f STYLE=superscript  the  Newry.  town.  commissioners,  against  Mr,  Dennis  •Adar,ren,  on  - STYLE=superscript  Friday,  for  having•  committed  4.!nnisauec  in  -Wil -Wil:',li:am-strect,  :',li:am-strect, -Wil:',li:am-strect,  by  conveying  manure  -along  the.  footway,  a  misun misundprStanding  dprStanding misundprStanding  on  the  bench,  which  arose  in  the  iollowing  mann  er, STYLE=superscript  took  place  •  :—Mr.  Corry  Wa3  conversing,  in  a  very  low  ,tons,  with  Irvine,  expressing  an  .qpinion;that  - STYLE=superscript  .),l`Corafaek,  the  street  inspector,  was  . STYLE=superscript  ViridictiVe  'in  pressing  ,tite_ease!so  faryiu  cimaevence  of  n,previous  difference  Which  occurred  between  Mdrron.  .131  r  Kidd  -(conceiving,  doubtless.,  that,  tfte  filkes4  6- STYLE=superscript  'Was  . STYLE=superscript  Mt.teridedjer  himself  )•stated:  that  Mr.  C  01.,.  ry's  -- STYLE=superscript  dlitot4ation  was  most  uncalled  for;  and  improper  as  well  as  unfounded.  Mr.  Corry  I  did  !not  apply  it  to  you.  Mr.  kiqd  made  some  observation,  which  was  inaudible  to  the  to  porter,  but:Wllich  apPeared  to,  betoken  a  doubt  as  to-the  assu...,'  rance  conveyed  in  the  lait  observation  of  :  -Mr.  Corry.-  ..Mr.  Corry  :  I,  pledge  von  ,n;}-  henour,,as  a  gentlop.  F  ....!,  #i-tat  1.-did.  '  i,dtni4e  use  'of  any  such  language  to.  you.  Mr.-Kidd  (in  an  alijiOst  inaudible  tone)  still  continued  to  reiterate  his  first  asser asseriion,  iion, asseriion,  Mr.  Corry  (warmly.):'  When„You  can't  appreciate  the  feelings  of  a  gentleman,  such  a  fellow•is  not  tit  to  , STYLE=superscript  on  the.  bench.  .  Mr.  .ICid4::  I  have  to  call  the  protection  of  the  bone!).  Is  ends  language  to  .be  permitted  ?  Mr.  Corry  :'I  told  you  in.  -  the  beginning  that  I  did  not  apply  the  language  to  you.  You  •  had  no  right  to  'Make  sitch,,a  ;  charge  against  Jne  ;'  and  you  Shpuld  learn  to  conduct  yourself  as  a  gentleman.  'You  , STYLE=superscript  ought  - STYLE=superscript  tot  to  ac6.lse.nno  of  414  a  tiling  .  ;  but  now  you  will  know  lne  a  little  better  in  future...l  .tipped  to  Mr.,  Irvine,  whether  , STYLE=superscript  I  used  t  r STYLE=superscript  beiPre'ssion  to  him.  Mr.  Irvine  :  I  think  Mr,  Kidd  has,  taken:tip  the:  word  in  a  wrong  sense;.  Corry.did  not  was  alClllateci  tO„  the,  feelings:;of  .the-other  magistrates,  allude  to.  *r.  Kidd..  But.  I.  also  think,  that  the  Pxpression  of,  Mr,fl  I  COrry  towards  Nlr.'kidtlW•as  such  as,chould-  not  - STYLE=superscript  have!  bcou  marle:!il  ,Mr.  Kinn  I  feel  very  strongly  og,the.niltter;-and  !Mr.  Corry:  Upon  that  point,  your  feelings•are  entirely  itrima-  Aerial  to  me;  1  am  of  opinion  that  I  was,  justified  :from:  the  charge  brought  against  me.  The  matter  was  then.  dropped,  j.  '  1.010;1;1  :  .  •  dMF~R,.ICA  I?  SA  IRS.  We  gave  yesterday  a•full  summary  of  American  news  re•  ceived  by  the  Baltic,  but  hadiaot  - STYLE=superscript  space  for  the  following  :  APPOINTMENTS  BY  TEE  PRESIDENT.  John  Y.  Mason,  of  Virginia,  to  be  envoy  extraordinary  and  minister  plenipotentiary  at  the  'court  of  his  imperial  majesty  the  Emperor  of  the  French.  ,  Thomas  31.  Seymour,  of  Connecticut,  to  be'  envoy,  extra extratraordinary  traordinary extratraordinary  awl  minister  plenipotentiary  at  the  court  of  his  imperial  majesty  the  Emperor  of  all  the  Russias.  Robert  M.  McLane,  of  Maryland,  to  be  commissioner  to  the  Empire  of  China.  REPORT  OP  THE  POSTMASTER-OBNERAL.  Washington,  Tuesday,  Dec.  6  The  whole  number  of  Post-offices  in  the  United  States  at  the  close  of  the  last  official  year,  ending  June  30,  1853,  was  23,320.  Of  this  number  255  are  of  •the  highest  class,  the  Postmasters  of  which  are  appointed  by  the  President.  Atthe  present  date,  December  1,  1853,  the  total  number  of  post-offices-is  22,688.  During  the  pastyear  commencing  July  1,  '52  1,898  post-offices  were  established  ;  479  were  dis discontinued  continued discontinued  ;  and  there  were  appointed  to  office  during  the  said  year,  besides  the  .1,898.  postmasters  to  the  newly newlyestablished  established newlyestablished  offices  aforesaid,  3,000  ;  850  upon  resignation;  225  on  death,  182  by  change  of  site,  91  where  the  post-:  master  had  moved:  way,  and  2,321  on  the  removal  of  prior  incumbent  ;,  being  8;567  postmasters  -appointed  during  the  year  ending  June  30,  1853.  At  the  close  of  the  fiscal  year,  ending  on  the  30th  June  last,  there  were  in  operation  within  the  United  States,  6,692  mail  routes.  The  aggregate  length  was  217,743  miles,  and  5,583  contractors  employed  thereon.  The  annual  transportation  of  the  mails,  on  those  routes  was  61,892;542  miles,  and  the  annual  cost  thereof  4,49,5,968  dollars;  being  about  seven  cents  two  mills  per  mile.  Of  these  61,892,542  miles  of  annual  transportation,  12,986,705  miles  are  required  to  be  performed  on  railroads,  at  a  cost  of  1,60-1,321  dollars;  being  -  about  -twelve  cents  three  mills  per  mile;  6,685,065  miles  in  steam  boats,  at  a  cost.  of  632;368  dollars,  being  about  nine  cents  four  mills  per  mile  ;  21,330;326  miles  in  coaches,  at  a  cost  of  1,206,958  dollars;  being  about  five  cents-six•mills  per  mile;  and  20,890,446  miles  in  modes  not  specified,  at  a  cost  of  1,055,313  dollars,  being  about  five  cents  per  Mile.  The  expenditures  of  the  departmeut  during  the  last  fiscal  year  were  37,982,758.  The  gi  —53  rOVerallo  source  all  sourc  -r,-.0  eg,ote,7ei.  It  appears  from  the  foregoing  statement  that  the  gross  revenue  of  the  year,  ending  June  30,  1853,  fall  short  of  the  expenditures  by  the  sum  0f12,042,031.  $1,571,000  of  this  deficiency  is  supplied  by  the  balance  on  the  auditor's  books  on  July  'l,  1852,  and  by,  the  appropria appropriations  tions appropriations  to  supply  deficiencies,  amounting  to  upwards  of  $1,000;  000,  leaving  t  4546,000  to  be  provided  by  congress  for  the  service  of  the  year  ending  June  - STYLE=superscript  30,  1853.  The  following  is  a  summary  statement  of  the  fiscal  opera operations  tions operations  of  the  post-office  departm6nt  for  the  year  ending  30th  June,  1853=  Balance  to  credit  of'  department  Ist  July,  1852.  •  11843,  394  3  2  Total  receipts  in  fiscal,  year,  including  the  sum  of  $2,255,000  drawn  from  the  treasury  under  acts  of  congress  in  aid  of  the  post postoffice  office postoffice  revenue  7,495,724  70  Total  apparent  revenue  for  the  year  68,339,119  02  Expenditures  for  the  year.  Leaving  apparent  balances  to  credit  of  De De  - De  partmetit;  Ist  July;  1853  From  this  should  be  deducted  the  unavailable  balances`  from  late  postmasters,  brought  forward  from  report  of  1851-2  '6113,242  63  Deduct  also  amount  paid  British  Government  on  account  of  post postages  ages postages  'of  previous  year,  properly  chargeable  to  expenditures  for  last  fiscal  year  .  .  118,061  56  251,303  19  Leaving  'as  the  ultimately  available  bal balance  ance balance  ~104,726  46  Excess  of  Expenditures  of  all  kinds  over  the  Revenues  of  the  year,  exclusive  of  the  balances  on  hand  July  1,  1851,  and  the  amount  drawn  from  Treasury,  to  supply  de defici-ency  fici-ency defici-ency  of  Revenue..  .  .  .....  $2,742,364  67  y  rs~z~rin.  '  Governor  Johnson,  of  Virginia,  transmitted.  his  i  n  e  ssage  to  the  legislature  of  that  state  on  the  sth.  The  new  consti constitution,  tution, constitution,  he  says,  has  worked  well,  and,bids,  fair  to  fulfil.the  expectation  of  the  people.  The  amount  of,  the  state  debt  is  $  ..The  aggregate  estimated  va  l  ue  o  f  t  h  e  property  0  six,  hum/  re  d  m  illi  on  o  f  d  o  l.  The  subject  of  education  is  conimended  to  attention.  1  .  8  t6  ,04  p  l  ,  e  0  77  1)  5.  1  ethe  state  is  over  The  governor  concludes  :—Finally,.  I  congratulated  you  upon  the  condition  of  our.  federal  and  foreign  relations—no relations—nothing  thing relations—nothing  ,haVing  occurred  since  your  adjournment  calculated  to  weaken  the.  hope  that  the  south  may  be  permitted  to  enjoy,  n  season  of  repose  from  the  .irritating.  interference  by  nor noriliern  iliern- noriliern  fanaticism  with  the  subject  of  slavery.  Every  friend  of  this.  union  has  .cause  of  congratulation  at  the  overthroW  and  signal  rebuke  the  aboli4o4  party-has  received  within  the  last  two  years.  The  friends  of  constitutional  mid  state  tights,  even  in:  the  north,  have  generally  been  triuniphantly,sus triuniphantly,sustained.,  tained., triuniphantly,sustained.,  Our  northern  brabern,  among  whom.  there  have  always  been  a  few  Who  were  true  to  -the  constitution,  have  indicated*  a  disposition  to  respect  our  rights,,  and  evinced  a  sense  of  justice  which  should  ever  characterise  the  relations  between  citizens  of  sister  states.  Madness  for  a  while  seemed  to  run  riot,  and  when  fanaticism  had  brought  the  republic  to  the  verge  of  ruin,  patriotism  was  aroused,.  reason  andjus andjustiee  tiee andjustiee  gained  the  ascend.ant,  and  the  traitor  and  the  demagogue,.  Whether  sailing  under  the  name  of  abolition  or  free-soilism,  have  been  put  down—peace  and  q  u  i  e  t  have  been:  restored  —  confidence  has  taken  the  place  of  .dist  rus  t,  .  an  d  w  ith  ra  pid  Strides  we-are  marching  to  fulfil  th  a  t  d  est  i  ny  wh  i  ch  h  as  'as 'assigned  signed 'assigned  us'  the  position  'of  the  'greatest  nation  upon  .earth.  May  . STYLE=superscript  thiS  ever  be  our  condition.  With  becoming  gratitude  for  the  past  favors  we  have  re-..  ceived,  both  as  a  people  and  a  nation,  let  us  as  suc  h-  so  dis discharge  charge discharge  Our  :duty  to  'ourselves  and  to  others,  as  not  only  to,  receive  the  approval  of  our  own  consciences,  brit  to  secure  the  continued  blessing  of  that  Providence  which  has,  so  ma manifestly  nifestly manifestly  watched  over  our  footsteps  from  the  infancy  of  the  republic,  and  in'WhOse  hands  are  the  - STYLE=superscript  destinies  of  all  nations.  Jos.  Jomrsox.  December  5,  1853.  A  Mr.  Black,  who  had  Teccivs3d  an  injury  in  Scotland,  upon  one  of  CreelPs  coaches,  was  awarded  -X2OO  dainages,  and  has  just  liad.an  applioation,granted  to  have  a  rehearing  on  the  ground  of  inadequate  damages.  -  *  _TUB  I:43v!s  DELAY.—A.eurious  and  instructive  instance  of  the  laws  delay  is  given  in  a  proceeding  reported  in  the  North  ijritish  Hail,  and  has  occurred  in  the  court  of  session,  second  division:  .The  case  arose  in  this.  Way.:  —An  action  was  hrought  before  the  court,  at  the  instance  of  a  domeiitic  servant  (since  married)  ;  against  her  late  feaster  and  mistress,  Concluding  for  two  things..  Ist.  For  damages  on  account  of  defamation  of  character,  in  being  accused  of  theft  :  and,  2d.  For  wages  ;  and  board  wages,  up  to  the  term  of  Whitsunday,  'she  having  ;  been  unjustifiably  dismissed  a  few  days  after  the  term  of  Martinmas.  Sheriff  Alison,  on  the'.evidenee  given  below,  held  that  .the  action,was  proved,  and  then  there  was  !an  appeal.  The  judges  were  of  opinion  that  the  pursuer,  not  having  been  given,  into  custody  the  =  accusation  of  theft,  if  made,  was  privileged,  and  that  the  dismissal  was  warranted  because  she  had  wilfully  disobeyed  orders  in  leasing  the  house,  when  told  not  to  go,  out.  Loid  Cockburn  remarked  that,  to  the  disgrace  of  the  law,  this  case  had  been  five  years  before  the  courts.  r  ,  IM,POILTANT  TO  EMIGRANTS.  —The.  many  fatal  cases  of  cholera  which  we  noticed  yesterday  as  having  taken-  place'  on  board  emigrant  vessels,  will  impress  upon:  all  -  who  con-.  template  emigrating  the  propriety  of  adepting  the  salutary  precautions-set  down  by  order  of  her  , STYLE=superscript  Atajesty's  Land.  and  Emigration  Commissioners,  and  widely  circulated  by  placard:  Ihese  precautions  .  fh.Qaq_qiekness  conseauent  on  .  the  rough-weather  which  ships  moist  encounter  at  this  , STYLE=superscript  season;  joined  to  the  cold  and  damp  •of,a,  sea  voyage,  will  render  persons  who  are  not  strong  mow  susceptible  to,  the  :  attacks  of  this  disease.  ,To  ,those  whelnay  emigrate  at  this  season  -the  commissioners  strongly  recommend  that  - STYLE=superscript  they  should  provide  -themselves  With  as  much  warm  clothing  as  'they  Can,  and  especially  with  flannel,,  to  be  worn,  next  the  skin;  that  they  should  have  bOth  their  clothes  and  their  persons  quite  clean  before  embarkiug,  and  Should  ,be  e.rocal  to  keep  them  so  during  the  voyage,—aLtd.  thp.t,  they  'should  provide  themsetVes  with  as  muellooliCancl,  wholesome  ,food  as  they  can  procure,  in  addition  to  the  ship',s  allowance  to  be  used  on  the  voyage;  and  that  it  would'  of  - STYLE=superscript  will's°,  be  desira,  ble,  if  they  can  arrange  it,  that  they  should  not  go  in  a  ship  that  is  much  crowded,  or  that  is  not  provided  with  a  medical  man.  COLONIAL.  POSTAGE.-4  ,letter  in  a  Landon  journal  cow.  tainS  .some  directions  and  information—on  fins  important  subject  necessary  to  be  known.  We  give  an  abstract  The  postage  of  a  letter  from  Australia,  via  Marseilles,  is  Is.  1()  . STYLE=superscript  d.  if  it  weighs'under  a  - STYLE=superscript  quarter  of  an  ounce.  If  it  weighs  a,  quarter  of  an  ounce,  the  postage  i.  2s.  3d.  ;  and  if  it  ex exceeds  ceeds exceeds  half  an  ounce,  the  postage  is  4s.  Id.  The  postage.on  a  letter  from  Australia,  via  Southampton,  is  it  weighs  half  an  ounce.  It  is  therefore  ;  possible,-for  a,  person  to  pay  2s,  3d.  on  a  letter  froM.A,ustralia,  jt*'Marseilles,for  which  he'would'only,  Is.  if  he  had  roeeived  it  Southampton.  All  letterS  for;Australia  from  England  must  be  prepaid.  If  Ale  ls.  10d  rate  is  paid  ori,4  letter  it  is  sent  via:XarseilWs,  and  if  the  is,  rate  is  paid';  it  is  sent  Via  Southampton.  A  person  may  know  therefore  for  a  certainty.  what  route  his  hatter  has  been  sent  to  Australia  by  the  .pqtage,  that  hedias  paid  on  '  Letters  for  England  canna  he  prepaid  .  in  Australia,  The  Australian  postmaiters  give  notice  that  all  letters  for  England  not  directe,d,  to„go  ,  any  particular  iota()  Will  be:sent  via  Marseilles;  bift  these  postmasters  do  not  separate  the  Marseilles  from  the  Southampton  portion,  because  they  believe  it  is  done  at  Ceylon.  .At  Ceyloo,,how Ceyloo,,however,  ever, Ceyloo,,however,  the  Aiistralian  official  notice•  is,  evidently  not  attended  to,  and  hence  a  variety  of  complaints  :  , STYLE=superscript  and  much  inconyeni inconyenince.  nce. inconyenince.  The  prineipal  portion  of  the  correspondence  mailed'  in  for  Australia  for  England  direct  should  be  sent  r  via  .  outhampton;  because  it  is  - STYLE=superscript  the  cheapest  route.  The,44s  7  tralian  ,  postmasters  should  give  notice,  therefore  that  cor  ;  -  fesponaerice.iiould  - STYLE=superscript  136  sent  via  , STYLE=superscript  Son  Warn/A.6n  . STYLE=superscript  directed  to-go  via  Marseilles,  and  they  should  separate  the  correspondence  themselves,  placing  the  Marseilles  portionin  iron  boaesi  and  the  Southampton  portion'  in  wooden  boxers.  - STYLE=superscript  --RACitGBD  - STYLE=superscript  SCHOOLS.  BOLTON,  Dsc.  22ND,  1853.  project  has  been  started'  at  liolton  for  establishing  a  ragged  and  industrial  school  - STYLE=superscript  in  that  town  ;  and  the  mayor,  Mr.  P.  R.  Arrowsmith,  has  headed  a  subscription  set  on  foot  for  the  purpose;-with  a  donation  of  £2OO.  At  a  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  the  Town  Council  on  Wednesday  last,  the  mayor  expressed  his  full  confidence  in  the  success  of  efforts  which  he  had  for  a  l  ong  ti  me  ma  d  e  for  thebenefit  of  the  poor  and  neglected  portion  of  the  juvenile  population.  On  the  same  occasion  Mr.  Alderman  Cannon  announced  that  a  friend  of  his,  Mr.  George  Barnes,  of  Birkenhead,  died  last  month,  and  bequeathed  £3OO  for  the  support  of  an  industrial  school  in  Bolton.  Mr.  Barnes,  he  said,  left  the  town  many  years  ago,  and,  having  been  born  and  trained  -in  the  neighbour neighbourhood,  hood, neighbourhood,  he  was  always  deeply  attached  to  it.  He  had  much  sympathy  with  vagrant  children,  and  it  was  as  an  incentive  to  the  formation  of  an  industrial  school  in  Bolton  for  their  benefit,  that  he  made  the  bequest.  The,  money,  in  the  event  of  a  school  not  being  immediately  provided,  was  to  be  in invested  vested invested  on  security  for  a  time,  in  order  that  it  might  if  pos-  Sible  be  ultimately  applied  to  the  purpose  designed.  Mr.  Barnes  had  at  various  times  since  he  left  the  town,  contri contributed  buted contributed  to  the  support  of  the  local  public  institutions,  and  lie  left  to  the  dispensary  a  legacy  of  £loo.'  lie  had  also  be bequeathed  queathed bequeathed  £3OO  for  a  ragged  school  at  Birkenhead,  and  £lOO  fora  dispensary  at  the  same  place.  Mr.  Cannon's  state statement  ment statement  was  received  with  much  satisfaction  by  the  council.  There  were  152  children  i  n  th  e  M  anc  h  ester  i  n  f  ant  infir infirmary  mary infirmary  on  the  21st  instant.  THE  POOR  RATE  IN  WALES.—In  the  year  ended  Lady-day,  1852,  the  gross  amount  of  the  poor-rate  in  Wales  was  £125,565  19s.  10d.  COUNTRY  BANE.  NOTES.—It  appears  that  in  August  the  aggregate  monthly  circulation  of  country  issues  of  bank  notes  in  England  and  Wales  was  £6,706,431.  .  •  •  After  an  interval  of  three  hundred  years;  a  Roman  Catholic  .  priest  has  been  established  in  Haddington.  •  He  officiates  in  a  granary  loft  :  the  use  of  the  'Assembly  Room  was  flatly  refused.—North  British  A  fire  accurred  at  Greenock  on  Wednesday  morning,  which  destroyed  one  wing  of  the  Shaws-water  Cotten  Mill.  A  poor  woman  who  worked  in  the  mill  was  suffocated  dur during  ing during  the  burning.  THE.  FOREIGN  TRADE  OF  THE  UNITED  KINGDOM.  —Be Between  tween Between  January  and  November  last,  as  appears  from  a  recently  printed  parliamentary  paper,  29,866  ships,  of  6,546,320  tonnage,  employed  in  the  foreign  trade  of  the  United  King Kingdom,,entered  dom,,entered Kingdom,,entered  inwards,  and  29,699  ships,  of  6,462,035  ton tonnage,  nage, tonnage,  cleared  outwards.  .  VOLUNTARY  EDUCATION  IN  WALES.  —The  friends  of  voluntary  education  in  the  Principality  are  actively  stirring  to  promote  and  secure  the  'revival  of  the  normal  college,  in  order  to  obtain  the  strict  moral  and  religious  training  of  teachers  for  the  Principality.-  For  this  purpose  meetings  are  to  be  held  in  all  the  principal  towns.  Madame  Matilda  Donniquez;  formerly  a  favorite  actress  at  the  Tacyn  theatre,  Havannah,  was'  murdered  by  her  husband,  Valdez,  en  the  23d  ult.  The  wretch  had  driven  her  to  a  life  of  profligacy  to  support  his  extravagance,  and  then  killed  her  on  some  pretence  of  jealousy.  He  attempted  his  own  . STYLE=superscript  life  but  failed.  THE  STEAM  SHIP  STAG.—This  fine  vessel  is  one  of  the  three  magnificent  new  steam  vessels,  respectively  named  - STYLE=superscript  the  Stag,  Elk,  and  Lynx,  now  fitting  out  for  the  Glasgow  and  Belfast  Royal  Mail  Steam  Packet  service.  '  The  mails  between  Scotland  and.  Ireland  have  been  conveyed  by  this  route  since  July,  1849,  with  a  regularity  and  convenience  unknown  before,  when  the  mails  between-the  two  countries  were  carried  in  Government  steam  vessels  between  Port  Partick  and  Donagbadee.---North  British.  Mail.  ETIQUETTE  IN  THE  PIT.—  A  letter  from  Vienna,  of  the  ,  13th,  says  :—For  - STYLE=superscript  Borne  time  past  th  e  '  public  has  been  strangely  abusing  in  the  theatres  of  this  city;  its  right  to  encore,  not  only  calling  for  a  repetition  of  songs  and  cava cavatinas,  tinas, cavatinas,  but  even  of  long  concerted  pieces.  The  police  hasat  Ilast  interfered  by  publishing  an`  order  interdicting  the  repe repetition  tition repetition  of  any  piece  of  music  or  portion  of  a  ballet.  -  For  the  future,  also,  no  performer  can  be  r  ecall  e  d  un  til  th  e  curta  i  n  has  fallen  between  the  acts  ;  then,  an  actor  can  be  called  to  appear  once,  and  after  the  piece  has  finished  an  actor  can  be  called  for  three  times  at  most.  A  'WHOLE  FAMILY  POISONED.--On  Thursday,  Mr.  Payne  held  an  inquest  'on  the  body  of  James  George  Trump,  aged  6  years,  the  son  of  a  plasterer  living  at  No.  9,  Prince's-road,  , STYLE=superscript  Bermondsey.  The  mother  of  the  child  stated  that  on  Mon Monday  day Monday  last  the  family,  consisting  of  herself,  her  husband,  the  deceased,  and  a  child  aged  17  months,  dined  off  some  hashed  mutton,  over  which  a  paste,  made  of  flour  and  water,  had  been  poured.  Soon  after  partaking  of.  the  meal,  the  whole  of  the  family,  except  the  youngest  child  who  had  none  of  the  paste,  became  very  sick.  In  the  night  tie  illness  of  the  child  increased  so  much  that  her  husband  wen  t  t  o  f  e  t  c  h  a  doctor,  but  before  inediCal  aid  could  arrive  the  child  died.  Witness  had  used  flour  out  of  the  same  lot  without  expe experiencing  riencing experiencing  any  ill  effects.  The  coroner  said  it  was  a  very  mysterious  case,  and  adjourned  the  inquiry  for  further  evidence.  NOT  TO  BE  TWICE  CAUGHT.--The  canvasser  of  a  Glasgow  newspaper,  remarkable  for  his  strait:aced  abhorrence  of  all  public  - STYLE=superscript  amusements,  concerts,  &amp;c.,  lately  'called  upon  a  respectable  firm  here,  and  obtained  an  order  to  insert  the  advertisement  of  the  Italian  Opera,  soon  to  be  performed  in  this  city  ;  but  when  it  appeared  next  day  the  editor  was  very  wrath  with  his  canvasser  for  having  polluted  - STYLE=superscript  the  columns  of  bibto  f STYLE=superscript  p  e STYLE=superscript  o  w STYLE=superscript  lo  da STYLE=superscript  fo  y STYLE=superscript  r  s STYLE=superscript  his  after  journal  th  r  e  n  a  with  canvasser  an  as  s  su  er  c  h  called  ap,r  ofa  uponne  announcement.an  extensive  home  advertisements  which  appeared  in  a  contemporary.  Amongst  the  notices  was  one  of  Horace's  works—Opera  Horatii.  The  word  Opera  caught  the  eye  of  the  astute  solicitor,  who  at  once  objected  'to  receiving  it;  saying  that  he  had  recently  got  an  angry  rebuke  for  inserting'&#34;  one  of  thae  sinfu'  fiddling,  skirling  It  W  as  i  n  va  i  n  that  the  worthy'  publisher  assured  him  it  wah'  the  'title  of  book,  and  not  a  musical  performance.  He-`had  not  forgotten  the  scolding  he  had  got,  'and  went  away,  respectfully  declin declining  ing declining  to  have  the  columns  of  the  paper  he  was  connected  with  defiled  in  future  by  any  sic  sinfu'  skirling  —iVorth  B.  Hail.  JUVENILE  DELIN4UENCY.—Upon  this  subject,  Mr.  Ar.‘  H.  Pielde,  of  Edgbaston,  who  says  he  was  prevented  from  offering  his  opinions  at  the  late  conference  in  Birmingham,  writes  as  follows,  in  support  of  cbmpulsory  educati  on  .  It  lefts.  rather  a  rarige  idea  'at  a  conference,  to  discuss  a  question  in  its  various  bearings,  that  the  expression  of  Opinion  sh  ou  ld  b  e  checked:  Sir  'John  Pakington  th  oug  ht  therwise  I  hold  that  if  the  state  is  bound  to  repress  crime  —often  the  result  .of  dense  ignorance  and  parental  neslect.  7  -it  is  - STYLE=superscript  no  less,  bound  to  supply  education.  -I  main maintain  tain maintain  that  by  compulsory  education,  or  training  alone,  can  We  successfully  battle  with  these  savage  hordes  of  young  criminals  .  We  should  have  a  compulsory  rate  for  the  Support  of  the  school  as-  wens  for  the  maintenance  of  the  gaol.  I  admit  that  the  ,hangman's'  dread  office  is  of  service  to  society,  and  that  it  is  a  miserable  fallacy  to  say  that  the  worst  use  you  can  put  a  man  to  is  to  hang  him.'  But  if  the  finisher  of  the  law  is  a  useful  member  of  society,  the  schoolmaster  is  much  more  so  ;  and  it  is  a  species  of  bar barbarism,  barism, barbarism,  a  sort'of  scandal  to  our  civilisation,  'to  exercise  this  awful  punishment  without  also  providing  a  scheme  of  national  instruction.  -PUBLIC  SPIRITED.  INCENDLIR/ES—A  strange  affair,  says  the  Cologne  Gazette,  has:  just  :been'  submitted  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  Criminal  Tribunal  of  Gleiwitz,  in  Silesia,  in  Prussia  :—The  little  town  , STYLE=superscript  o)f  .  lfernn  possessed  a  tile  kiln:  and.  dependencies  which  produced  , STYLE=superscript  alinost  nothing.  Its  municipal  council  wishing  to  get  rid  of:  them  on  the  most  advaniageous  terms  possible,  held  a  secret  meeting  to  deliberate  what  should  be  done  with  them.  In  that  meeting,  it  was  resolired,  that  as  the  buildings  were  in insured,  sured, insured,  they  should  be  burned  down;  and  one  of  th  e  mem  b  ers  of  the  counc  il  was  c  h  arge  d  to  set  them  on  fire.  He  executed  his  commission,  and  the  bifildings  were  entirely  destroyed.  the  municipal  - STYLE=superscript  council  then  demanded  an  in  r STYLE=superscript  deMnity  frOm  the  assurance  company;  it  was  paid,'  and  every  fartlling  df  it  was'  placed  in  the  municipal  treasury.  The  matt,-,  ho  cie  r,  though  kept  secret,  became  known,  and  the  law  authorities  caused  all  the  councillors  to  be  prosecuted  for  'arson.  The  tribunal  con con-4emned  4emned con-4emned  them,  to  periods  .of  imprisonment  varying  from  six  months  to  a  year,  and  to  reimburse  the  insurance  money  with  Interest.  ;  also  to  pay  all  the  costs:  MARIE  ANTOINETTE.---11.0r  rtpt  u  Yt  c.,cnnoo  c10..7.100  •  court  and  all  France.  She  Was  then  but  sixteen  years  old.  9er  preinoni  beauty  'eclipsed  that  of  Madame'  . STYLE=superscript  du  Barry;  the  favourite  of•Gottis  . STYLE=superscript  XV.,  and  the  Phryne.  But  the  beauty  of  Madame  Barry  was  that  of  of  a  courtesan;  the  beauty  of  Marie  Antoinette  was  that  of  a  princess.  •  Nature  had  adorned  her  with  all  the  gifts  which  made  her  as  a  woman  an  abject  for  admiration,  and  as  is  queen  :an  object  for  adoration  ;  in  shape  tall,  her  movements.  were  swanlike  In  .  carriage  and  leportnient  an'elegahce  such  as  to  lose  nothing  of  •her  -ma -majesty  jesty -majesty  ;  her  hair  Was  blond  and  silky,  and  its  warm  tints  remindecithe  beholder  of  the  wavy  tresses  'or  . STYLE=superscript  Titian  ;  a  lofty  •  oval  'forehead  to  thos&amp;Of  the  fair  daughters  of  the  Danube  ;  eyes  of  liquid  azure  in  which  the  calni  and  the  tempest  of  the  shut'  made  the.  look  by  turns  ( STYLE=superscript  aileeP  or  undulate  ;  'the  *nose  slightly:  aquiline;  the  mouth  Austrian,  hei—farnily,  that  is—L.  a  mingling  of  pride  and  of  a  smile  ;  the  'chin.  -turned  up  ;  het  epleor  heightened  by  the  chill  'climate'  of  the  nortlt;  fin'  sistible  graceshed  f  like  a  youthful  vapour  over  her  features,  and'  which  did  not  allow  her  to  be  viewed  but.  through  an'  attric4liere  of  fire  or  of  inebriation.--Lamartine.  V*Tba'rp,  THE  EIVIPBROR.-4;  young  :woman  between  25  and  '3O  years  of  age,  wearing  •the  costume  of  the  peasants  Of  Th:ittaily,  but  who,  from  the  delicacy  of  her  features,  evidently  belonged  to  a'  fe'spectable  eltiss  of  secietf,  - STYLE=superscript  rent  recently  to  the  Tuileries,  and  'requested  'to  speak  the  Emperor,  saying  that  she  had  an  important  ebniiiimiatiOn  to  'make  to  him.  The  domestics  wanted  to  send  her  rtWay;  hilt  she  insisted  so  earnestly,  on  being  allowed  to  See  his  'Majesty,  that  she  was  taken  before  M.  Barlet,  'commissary  of  the  intperiar  residences.  lie  questioned  her,  and  from  her  answers  considered  her  out  of  lier  ;  ,inind.  I-to  wont  her  to  M.  , STYLE=superscript  Bertoglio,•cikomissary  of  poliee  of  the  section  of  the  Palais  Royal.  In  answer  to  his  inquiries  she  said  that  her  name  was  Marie  It—;  that  she  liad.been  brought  up  in  a  convent,,  the  rules  of  which  wsre  very  austere  ;  and  'that  in  the  pre  ce  di  ng  week  •she  had  had  i  n  the  night  a  vision,  in  which  her  patron  saint  had  appeared  to  her,-  had  communicated  a  'secret  important  to  the  welfare  Of  'France,  and  ordered  her  to  comb  to  Paris  in  humble  costume  to  nialce  it  kno'wn  to  the  Emperor.  The  'commissary  'pressed  her  to  .  tell  him  What  'the  secret  was,  hut  she  peremptorily  refused..  lle•rPretbnded  •to  •  take  notes  of  what  she  said,  a'l  placed  her  in  a  cab  s  '  to  lake  , STYLE=superscript  her;  as  he'  represented,  to  the  irtinistry  :  of  , STYLE=superscript  state,  through  which  she  might  obtain  an  au audience  dience audience  of-  his  Majesty.  •  But  the  poor  young  woman  was  con conveyed  veyed conveyed  prefecture,  of  police,  whence  she  was  sent  to  a  tsekipol  .de  ,"
