text
"AT  A  CHARGE  OP  SIXPE  N  C  E.  Offices-19,  SOUTH  SOHN  STREET,  LIVERPOOL;  9,  PRINCESS  STREET,  MANCHESTER.  SERVANTS  WANTING  SITUATIONS  PERSONS  WANTING  SERVANTS,  should  Advertise  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  CHARGE  SIXPE  N  C  E.  Published  every  morning,  at  19,  South  John-street  Liverpool,  and  9,  Princess-street,  Manchester.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  No  notice  can  be  taken  of  anonymous  communications.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  Xiirtijait  SATURDAY,  OCTOBER  15,  /853.  THE  announcement  of  a  modification  of  the  American  tariff,  is  one  of  great  import  to  England  at  this  moment.  The  question  of  restricted  duties  has  long  had  many  able  advocates  in  the  &amp;ides,  whose  arguments,  though  consistent  in  theory,  were  not  unanswerable  in  practice  . STYLE=superscript  .  The  danger  of  an  excess  of  imports  over  the  exports  of  a  country  was  looked  upon  as  a  matter  involving  great  uncertainty  as  to  revenue,  and  also  difficulty  and  danger  to  trade.  In  a  monettiv  point  of  view,  it  was  held  to  be  a  source  of  considerable  embarrasment,  both  to  the  fiscal  and  commercial  interests  of  the  state.  Arguments  based  upon  these  principles,  lost  much  of  their  cogency  when  England  threw  off  her  restrictive  system,  and  adopted  the  bolder  policy  of  Free  Trade.  Under  the  restrictive  tariff,  America  was  induced  to  embark  in  manufactures,  with  a  view  to  supply  her  own  wants  at  less  cost,  and,  at  the  same  time,  economizing  her  resources.  In  this,  she  succeeded  to  a  marvellous  extent  in  all  those  branches  which  contributed  to  her  national  greatness,  such  as  ship shipbuilding,  building, shipbuilding,  machinery  and  mining,  also  in  many  textile  fabrics.  In  the  former,  the  growth  of  her  production  is  unequalled  by  that  of  any  country  in  the  world,  while  in  other  departments,  where  the  magnitude  of  production  decides  the  profit  both  of  the  pro producer  ducer producer  and  consumer,  she  has  found  that  time  alone  could  give  her  the  advantage  which  other  nations  enjoy.  Under  the  old  protective  regime,  that  want  of  many  of  the  comforts  of  ordinary  life,  was  keenly  felt  by  the  American  producer—it  being  no  uncommon  thing  to  see  a  farmer  possessed  of  pro prodigious  digious prodigious  herds  of  cattle,  large  stores  of  grain,  and  other  sources  of  wealth  peculiar  to  tho  country,  without  a  second  coat,  or  such  other  articles  as  were  imported  into  the  country.  The  tariffs  of  England,  and  Europe  in  fact,  almost  prohibiting  the  importation  of  the  American  farmer's  produce,  left  him  without  a  market  for  his  commodities,  while  the  tariff  of  America  raised  the  prices  of  his  necessaries  to  a  most  exorbitant  amount.  Under  this  system,  the  American  farmer  was  glad  to  sell  at  a  nominal  price,  while  he  was  compelled  to  purchase  at  a  ruinously  high  rate.  When  selling,  he  could  seldom  find  a  market  for  more  than  one onethird  third onethird  of  his  produce,  while  the  surplus  in  nine  cases  out  of  ten  was  actually  lost.  And  we  witnessed  an  anomaly  which  could  not  be  justified  by  common  sense  or  any  degree  of  state  necessity.  The  American  was  buying  the  English  manufacturer's  coat  at  the  tariff  rate  of  say  £7,  and  he  was  selling  his  grain  at  from  six  to  ten  cents.  per  bushel;  while  the  English  consumer  could  buy  the  Same  coat  for  £3  10s,  and  his  'wheat  realizing  58s.  per  quarter.  The  partial  transit  from  this  State  to  the  ad advanced  vanced advanced  condition  at  which  the  American  producers  have  arrived,  by  the  alteration  of  our  Tariff  alone,  has  given  a  sense  to  appreciate,  and  the  power  to  adopt,  for  themselves,  the  system  they  find  that  has  enriched  England,  while  it  has  elevated  their  social  condition.  'ln  dealing  with  raw  materials,  in  the  first  in  stance,  the  American  statesman  shows  nothing  more  than  a  just  political  regard  for  the  domestic  industry  of  the  States.  To  England,  however,  any  concession  in  this  branch  of  American  imports  must  be  of  paramount  importance.  Her  require.  ments  for  the  metals  and  minerals  of  this  country,  must  keep  pace  with  her  growing  require requirements  ments requirements  for  the  means  of  manufacture,  arid  for  the  increased  facilities  required  in  the  immense  transit  needed  to  enable  her  to  participate  fully  in  the  advantages  which  our  market  offers  for  her  pro produce  duce produce  ;  and,  indeed,  it  appears  more  than  probable  that  her  wants  in  this  direction  will  assume  the  same  magnitude  which  induced  us  to  forego  our  import  duties  on  American  cottons.  If  her  demand  for  raw  materials  keeps  pace  with  her  production,—which  appears  to  be  the  basis  on  which  the  proposed  alteration  on  the  tariff  has  been  brought  forward—it  would  be  impossible  to  form  the  remotest  idea  of  the  extent  to  which  the  demand  upon  our  markets  will  grow,  by  reference  to  the  statistics  of  the  present  day.  Nor  should  we  be  justified  in  merely  taking  into  account  the  agricultural  capabilities  alone  of  the  States.  Her  gold  fields  are  so  prolific,  and  the  cost  at  which  she  obtains  her  supplies  of  bullion  so  low,  that  not  only  the  quantity,  but  the  price  of  the  raw  material  she  requires  from  other  countries,  leave  no  room  for  concern  or  prospect  of  disappointment.  Should  •  the  proposed  alteration  extend  to  manu manufactured  factured manufactured  goods,  the  gain  to  this  country  will  also  be  exceedingly  large.  When  we  are  told  the  existing  tariff  was  designed  substantially  for  revenue,  and  for  a  fair  and  equal  operation,  both  between  the  various  sections  Of  the  country,  and  branches  of  industry  ;  and  that  the  increasing  re revenue,  venue, revenue,  and  accumulated  amount  of  money  in  the  treasury,  render  it  most  probable  that  the  tariff  will  be  made  a  prominent  subject,of  discussion  and  examination,  with  a  view  to  reduction,  during  the  approaching  session  of  Congress  see  no  grounds  for  opposition,  but,  on  the  contrary,  a  broader  and  more  distinct  illustration  of  the  benfits  of  Free  Trade,  than  we  can  find  even  in  our  own  prosperous  condition.  We  must  therefore  hail  the  promised  effort  of  the  enlightened  poli political  tical political  economist  of  the  United  States,  as  a  fresh  pledge  for  our  future  commercial  well-being.  AUSTRIA,  the  incipient  ally  of  Russia,  and  the  silent  foe  of  England,  it  appears,  has  had  the  cool  effrontery,to  propose  the  negotiation  of  a  loan  to  this  country.  How  far  English  subjects  • STYLE=superscript  will  be  justified  in  subscribing  to  this  mendacious  mode  of  subsidizing  such  a  licentious  and  despotic  State,  remains  to  be  decided.  That  Austria  has  been  sitting  in  solemn  council  with  Russia,  at  a  moment  when  the  peace  of  Europe  was  threatened,  and  a  de declaration  claration declaration  of  war  said  to  have  actually  taken  place  on  the  part  of  the  Russian  AUTOCRAT  against  this  country,  is  a  matter  of  history  too  recent  to  be  for forgotten.  gotten. forgotten.  The  precise  object  and  result  of  the  great  de despotic  spotic despotic  conference  at  Olmutz,  are  unknown  in  England.  But  who  will  pretend  to  say  that  the  fu future  ture future  course  of  these  two  gigantic  despotisms  was  not  distinctly  laid  down,  as  also  the  means  by  which  funds  were  to  be  obtained  for  its  prompt  and  successful  execution.  With  the  fearful  and  bloody  design  of  war  all  pre-arranged,  the  high  and  honourable  task  of  coming  to  England  to  borrow  money  for  her  own  destruction,  was,  in  all  proba probability  bility probability  left  by  the  perfidious  CZAR  to  his  no  less  sanguinary  ally,  the  Austrian  EMPEROR.  That  the  whole  scheme  is  one  of  deep  premeditation  and  cool  arrangement,  there  can  be  no  question.  In  the  City  Article  of  the  London  Times,  of  the  11th  instant,  we  find  a  statement  of  Austria's  financial  condition—and  in  the  same  paper  of  Tuesday,  we  have  the  fact  announced,  that  the  new  five  per  cent.  loan  has  been  effected  with  the  Rothschilds,  at  89.  It  amounts  to  £7,000,009  sterling.  There  is  a  clause  declaring  the  contract  invalid  in  case  of  Seven  millions  sterling  of  British  money  are  to  be  raised  by  Austria,  for  the  use  of  Russia,  which  may  at  this  moment  be  shedding  the  blood  of  Englishmen  in  the  Dardanelles  !  There  are  many  who  would  smile'  at  this  idea,  forgetting  all  ex example,  ample, example,  and  the  'absence  of  any  guarantee  to  the  contrary.  That  Austria  as  well  as  Russia  should  view  this  country  with  intense  jealousy  and  deep-rooted  terror,  can  be  no  matter  of  surprise.  The  very  principle  on  which  our  social  existence  is  based  at  this  moment,  is  diametrically  opposed  to  that  by  which  they  exist  and  uphold  their  Anti-Constitu Anti-Constitutional  tional Anti-Constitutional  government.  •By  Free  Trade  fostering  Commerce  our  career  is  progressive  and  prosperous,  our  Revenue  growing,  and  our  resources  spreading  with  immeasurable  strides,  in  every  land  that  en  joys  the  light  of  Veil;  Whilethese  prohibitory  States  find  their  powers  of  production  crumbling  to  the  dust—their  revenues  declining  to  a  ghostly  shadow  of  an  Imperial  competency—and  their"
