text
"AUSTRIA.  The  Augsburg  :GazetM  of  the  31st  ult.  - STYLE=superscript  gives  the  following  detailed•  account  of  the  recent  transac transactions  tions transactions  between  France,  Austria,  and  England:  The  article  is  as  follows  :  The  mission  of  Count  Valentine  Esterhazy  is  the  result  of  a  complete  understanding  between  the  Western  PoWers  'and  Austria.  Since  the  com commencement  mencement commencement  of  the  Eastern  crisis,  the  understand understanding  ing understanding  bet  Ween  the  three  Cabinets  has  never  been  so  clear,  .cordial,  and  perfect,  as  it  now  is,  and  this  is  as  well  in  regard  to  the  new  conditions  of  peace  as  to  the  measures  to  be  taken,  if  they  shottld.  be  rejected.  The  terms  olpeace  will  be  recapitulated,  and  such  remarks  made  on  them  as  may  appear  necessary:--  ,  The  Russians  to  relinquish  all  claim  to  the  right  of  protection  over  the  Danubian  Principali Principalities,  ties, Principalities,  and  to  agree  to  certain  conditions  for  securing  their  future  political  position.  This  point,  though  difficult  of  execution,  is  expressed  in  such  clear  and  positive  language  that,—if  it  should  be  accepted,—it  will  be  impossible  for  Russia  to  exercise  any  prejudicial  influence  on  the  negotiations'  for  the  regulation  of  the  affairs  of  the  countries  in  question.  In  short,  it  is  demanded  that  Russia  shall  simply  accept  the  arrangements  which  may  be  made,  without  sharing  in  the  negotiations,  or  in  the  resolutions  which  may  be  taken.  2.  Cession  of  a  part  of  the  Bessarabian  territory,  of  such'  extent  that  Russia  shall  not  only  be  removed  from  the  Delta  of  the  Danube,  but  shall  entirely  relinquish  her  position  on  the  Danube.  (The  geographical  line  for  the  new  frontiers  of  Russia,  which  is  given  in  the  propositions,  is  drawn  at  a  considerable  distance  from  the  Danube)  _  .  _  3.  Neutralisation  of  the  Black  Sea,  without  any  Russian  fortifications  or  arsenals  on  its  coasts.  At  the  mouths  of  the  Danube,  however,  there  is  to  be  a  station  for  the  smaller  vessels  of  war.  which  are  to  do  police  duty  in  the  Black  Sea.  _,_  4.  All  the  poW'ers  to  protect  the  Christian  sub subjects  jects subjects  of  the  Porte.  The  foregoing  proposals  ema emanated  nated emanated  from  Austria,  but  the  Western  Powers  added  —the  admission  of  consuls  to  All  the  ports  , STYLE=superscript  of  the  Black  Sea,  and  the  promise  of  Russia  never  in  future  to  fortify  the  Aland  Islands.  In  as  (far  as  . STYLE=superscript  iiustria  is  concerned,  the  proposi propositions,  tions, propositions,  without  being  an  ultimatum;  'have  the  lin.  portance  of  one.  The  new  agreement  made  between  ,the  Western  Powers  and  Austria  is  the  most  straightforiyard  loyal  way,  and  'a  speedy  decision  is  required  are  fully  resolved  that  therm  i‘iMiajt!lftiriiinliiikAiUMCClMM3PUMNlllll  .  l  is  why  such  a  short  term  has  been  granted  to  Russia.  In-case  of  the  rejection  of  the  proposi— propositions  tions propositions  the  diplomatic  relations  between  Russia  and:  Austria  will  at  once,be  broken  off.  It  will  depend  on  the  result  j.lof  Count  Esterhazy's  mission  _  .  whether  we  shall  learn  anything  more  relative  he  recent  negotiations  between  the  ,Western  s  and  Sweden  0111:COS  Re  learn  that'•'  Ont.  .A  alent  in  e  iinpressioki  tustria  cannot'  riOw  \retretit  'from  her  engagements  to  the  Western  i  Powers,  and  the  Russians  seem  to  share  in  th(Y  preValent  oinion.  •  Too  much  is  said  in  high  financial  circles  of  the  want  of  the  necessary  funds  for  waging  war,  and  the  military  authdritieg  speak  of  little  else  but  the  Sed  left  flank  of  .  the  Austrian  army.  - STYLE=superscript  The  nictuhers  of  the  Russian  Emb  violently,  and  one  (  the  Se  the  da  ibuse  Austria  I  of  Legation,  before  yesterday,  , STYLE=superscript  expressed  his  surprise  y  'Austrian  should,  after  such  base  ingra ingrathe  the ingrathe  part  of  .his  . STYLE=superscript  dare  to  3  face'  of  a  Russian.  The.  Sion  quoted,  which  was  used  in  the  drawing  Passing  the  winter  the-  fart  lady  wilt  ce  that  were  preparing  1-rtm(lies).  wi►l  not  of  the  y.  'tire  Rty  ,  with  :earth  )ye  venture  to  if  tlin  it  focto;recog-  rise:  t  It  i  e  iiii  lance  of  Alontonec  is  circumstance  hat  the  Russian  Government  ,should  .continue  to  ;end  troops  towards  the  'Danube  in  such  severe  considered  a  ver  weather  that  Genera]  131  ()cu.,  int  and  commander  of  the  to  organise  the  Norw"
