text
"Dr.  Grey,  the  celebrated  curator  to  the  British  museum.  He  confessed  he  was  very  much  himself  in  favor  of  leaving  as  many  of  their  coins  in  circulation  as  they  could,  (hear,  hear,)  and  the  two  letters  which  Mr.  Brown  had  read  to  them,  one  from  a  member  of  the  committee,  Lord  Stanley  proposed  to  substitute  farthings  for  mill.  Mr.  Howson,  the  master  of  the  Collegiate  Institution,  proposed  to  retain  pounds,  shillings,  and  pence,  and  substitute  farthings  for  the  mills.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Horsfall)  only  adduced  those  different  views  to  show  there  was  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  difference  of  opinion  as  to  carrying  out  the  details.  They  were  all  agreed  on  the  grand  principle  ;  and  at  the  preliminary  meeting,  it  was  decided  they  should  ask  the  meeting  to  assent  only  to  the  great  principle  that  the  decimal  system  was  advisable,  leaving  it  to  the  legislature  ultimately  to  carry  out  the  details  in  the  way  that  would  be  most  applicable  and  most  acceptable  to  the  country.  (Applause.)  He  (Mr.  Horsfall)  joined  most  cordially  in  the  thanks  which  had  been  rendered  to  Mr.  Brown,  not  only  for  his  services  in  the  committee  of  the  chamber  of  commerce,  with  reference  to  their  present  meeting,  but  he  knew  well  the  assiduity  with  which  he  at attended  tended attended  to  his  duties  as  chairman  of  the  parliamentary  com committee  mittee committee  in  London  ;  and  if  it  had  not  been  for  Mr.  Brown's  practical  experience  in  the  committee,  he  (Mr.  Horsfall)  very  much  questioned  whether  they  should,  taken  as  a  whole,  have  such  an  admirable  report  as  they  had  now  before  them.  (Applause.)  He  (Mr.  Horsfall)  spoke,  of  course,  on  the  general  principles  ;  the  general  system,  differing  as  they  all  did,  more  or  less,  in  the  details.  For  his  own  part,  although  he  had  what  might  be  called  a  comparatively  limited  view  of  the  whole  question—for  he  certainly  had  not  given  the  question  the  time  and  attention  which  Mr.  Brown  had  de devoted  voted devoted  to  it—he  confessed  his  own  leanings  at  present  were  rather  to  the  views  proposed  by  Mr.  Rathbone.  He  did  not,  however,  commit  himself  to  those  or  to  any  other  views.  He  stood  there  very  much  in  favour  of  the  general  principle,  and  if  he  could  only  ascertain,  as  one  of  their  representa representatives,  tives, representatives,  what  their  views  were  on  the  details  of  this  question,  he  would  do  his  utmost  to  carry  them  out.  (Applause.)  He  had  great  pleasure  in  moving  the  resolution,  which  will  be  found  in  our  advertising  columns.  Mr.  PICTON  seconded  the  resolution.  He  said  the  subject  they  were  met  to  consider,  was  one  which  they  all  admitted  was  of  great  importance,  not  merely  to  a,  great  commercial  community,  but  to  every  man,  woman,  and  child  in  the  kingdom.  He  was  glad  their  attention  was  rather  directed  to  the  principle  of  decimal  coinage,  than  to  the  particular  mode  in  which  it  might  hereafter  be  expected  to  carry  it  out.  The  object  which  he  (Mr.  Picton)  had  in  view  was,  to  ren render  der render  the  principle  as  simple  and  as  intelligible  as  he  possibly  could,  because  in  certain  quarters  there  was  a  mistrust  and  misapprehension  of  what  was  proposed  by  the  present  plan.  It  seemed  to  be  thought  by  many,  that  the  system  of  deci decimalising  malising decimalising  their  coinage  was  one  of  artificial  difficulty  and  abstruse  character  ;  and  consequently,  to  those  not  masters  of  figures,  and  not  accustomed  to  computation,  it  would  be  a  work  much  more  difficult  than  at  present.  Now,  on  the  contrary,  so  far  from  being  artificial,  it  was  the  only  natural  system  of  arithmetic  in  existence  :  and  so  far  from  having  complicated  calculations,  it  would  be  so  simple  under  the  decimal  system,  that  any  person  who  was  now  able  to  add  two  figures  together,  could  calculate  decimally  to  the  greatest  amount.  The  system  of  decimals  was  simply  the  art  of  computing  by  tens.  Why  was  it,  that  after  counting  ten,they  began  again,  and  counted  on  to  twenty,  thirty,  and  so  on  ?  Any  man  who  had  got  ten  fingers,  and  was  able  to  count  them,  could  furnish  an  answer.  The  system  was  derived  from  the  digits,  as  they  called  the  fingers.  They  found  in  every  nation  the  least  ad advanced  vanced advanced  in  civilisation  this  system  of  computing  by  tens  in  full  operation.  This  being  so,  the  next  step  in  the  progress  of  figures  was  to  write  them  down.  That  had  been  done  in  a  variety  of  ways,  which,  for  the  purposes  of  calculation,  were  found  extremely  cumbrous,  until,  a  few  centuries  ago,  the  Arabic  numerals  were  introduced  in  Europe.  Thcse  figures  increased  ten,  from  one  to  another,  as  they  went  from  right  to  left.  By  adopting  this  system  they  carried  out  the  principle  of  decimal  computation  with  completion  and  satis satisfaction,  faction, satisfaction,  and  so  far  as  the  integers  went  there  was  nothing  to  be  desired.  They  had  the  decimal  system  complete,  but  un unfortunately  fortunately unfortunately  when  they  attempted  to  apply  it  to  fractions,  they  were  met  by  this  difficulty,  that  the  sub-divisions  of  the  in integer  teger integer  of  their  coinage  and  weights  and  measures,  did  not  fit  the  decimal  system.  They  originated  in  a  rude  state  of  so society  ciety society  to  which  they  might  be  very  well  fitted  ;  but  in  the  present  day,  when  quickness  of  computation  was  of  the  greatest  importance,  there  was  the  greatest  difficulty  in  making  the  systems  fit  each  other,  and  hence  the  present  plan.  The  present  movement  should  not  be  confined  to  the  coinage  alone,  for  its  advantages  would  be  equally  felt  when  carried  out  as  regarded  weights  and  measures.  They  would  hear  the  advantages  to  be  derived  from  this  system  in  teach teaching.  ing. teaching.  Arithmetic  was  the  great  bugbear  of  the  school-boy.  They  all  remembered  the  school-boy  rhymes  after  getting  past  simple  arithmetic— 'arithmetic'  Addition  is  not  my  ambition,  Subtraction  drives  me  to  distraction;  Multiplication  is  my  vexation,  And  long  division  drives  me  If  this  system  were  changed,  arithmetic,  instead  of  being  a  school  boy's  dread,  would  become  a  recreation  '  as  simple  as  learning  to  read,  and  could  be  c  arr  i  e  d  ou  t  with  the  great greatest  est greatest  ease  in  every  department  of  life  they  should  be,  accom accomplishing  plishing accomplishing  a  great  step  in  regard  to  the  education  of  their  young  persons.  There  were  some  questions  according  to  their  present  system  of  computation  which  could  not  be  resolved  without  referring  to  a  round-about  cumbrous  system.  For  instance,  if  he  had  £l6  17s.  21d.  to  pay  in  sums  of  13s.  7d.  each,  how  was  he  to  do  it  ?  They  had  no  rule  in  arithmetic  which  told  him  how  to  do  it  ;  and  the  only  way  to  do  it  was  to  bring  the  sums  into  the  lowest  de denominations,  nominations, denominations,  farthings,  then  divide  the  one  by  the  other,  and  then  bring  the  denomination  to  shillings  and  pounds  back  By  yeals  could  the  h  again.  If  decimals  were  adopt  e  d  they  had  only  to  divide  yunwt  which  they  one  by  the  other,  and  the  thin  g  was  done  without  any  trou trouble.  ble. trouble.  17s.Ag  a  4  in  id  t  .  h  b  ey  y  hadthe  same  o  me  ruleamthingg  multiply  could  be  done  without  difficulty.  Look  at  the  difficulty  to  a  young  person  of  computing  a  question  of  this  kind,  165  cwt.  2qrs.  and  271b5.,  at  £1  2s.  7d.  per  cwt.  What  a  cumbrous  difficult  question  this  was.  They  were  obliged  to  have  recourse  to  tables  which  were  liable  to  misprints  and  mistakes,  when  if  they  had  the  simple  decimal  of  the  pound  they  could  work  the  question  with  the  greatest  ease  and  facility.  If  instead  of  165  cwt.  2qrs.  and  271bs.  that  were  written  down  with  divisions,  and  £1  :  2  :  7  were  multiplied  into  it,  the  simple  product  was  what  you  exactly  required,  and  see  what  an  enormous  amount  of  time  was  saved  by  the  operation.  Such  was  the  simplicity  of  this  system  that  was  forcing  itself  into  use,  that  the  bank  of  England  had  aban abandoned  doned abandoned  the  ordinary  method  of  computing  the  value  of  bul bullion,  lion, bullion,  and  had  adopted  the  decimal  system,  which  was  also  adopted  by  the  bullion  brokers  of  London.  In  computing  the  interest  of  the  national  debt  for  the  purpose  of  paying  the  dividends  at  the  bank  of  England,  if  they  were  to  con confine  fine confine  themselves  to  the  ordinary  denomination  of  pounds,  shillings,  and  pence,  there  would  be  in  us  i  ng  f  ract  i  ons  either  a  loss  by  omitting  them,  or  a  gain  to  the  creditor,  by  taking  the  next  higher  denomination,  of  many  thousands  a  year,  and  the  consequence  was  the  decimal  system  had  forced  itself  into  use  there,  and  the  result  was  by  that  sys system  tem system  the  loss  or  gain  instead  of  being  so  many  thousands  was  reduced  to  somewhere  about  £5OO.  In  land  measuring  the  decimal  system  had  been  in  use  for  a  long  period,  for  it  was  f  oun  d  i  mposs  ibl  e  to  obtain  denominations  to  compute  the  area  of  land  without  recourse  to  the  decimal  system,  and  for  that  purpose  a  chain  of  22  yards,  the  square  of  which  formed  one  -tenth  of  an  acre,  had  been  for  many  years  in  use.  Engineers  and  t  con  ractors,  in  the  various  business  which  they  had  to  carry  on,  availed  themselves  in  computing  for  earthworks,  &amp;c.,  in  connection  with  railways,  machinery,  the  power  of  steam  engines,  the  proportion  of  wheels,  and  the  various  matters  to  which  scientific  men  di directed  rected directed  their  attention.  There  was  a  point  to  which  he  wished  to  direct  the  attention  of  the  commercial  public.  On  'change  there  were  two  methods  of  computing  prices  —the  one  by  the  large  integer,  such  as  tons,  hundreds,  &amp;c.  ;  the  other,  re relating  lating relating  to  cotton,  and  articles  in  greater  value,  which  were  sold  by  the  lb.,  in  the  sales  of  which  they  quoted  farthings,  one-eighths,  and  seldom  one-sixteenths.  Therefore,  there  was  seldom  a  break  in  the  prices  from  one-eighth  to  one onesixteenth,  sixteenth, onesixteenth,  or  from  one-sixteenth  to  one-eighth;  but,  as  the  one-eighth  was  the  1,920  part  of  a  pound,  every  break  in  prices  corresponded  with  the  amount.  If  it  were  rendered  into  a  thousand  parts,  under  the  decimal  system,  by  simply  adding  the  figures,  they  obtained  ten  thousand;  therefore  they  had  a  wide  range,  and  prices  would  adjust  and  accom accommodate  modate accommodate  themselves  much  nearer  than  by  anything  at  present  in  use.  So,  also,  with  regard  to  frei  g  ht  s  .  F  re  i  g  h  ts  on  cotton  were  paid  by  halfpence,  one-eighths,  &amp;c.,  an.'  if  the  decimal  system  were  adopted,  the  calculations  could  be  made  so  as  to  meet  the  slightest  shade  of  difference.  He  needed  not  to  say,  in  time  of  speculation,  and  where  large  transactions  were  taking  place,  what  a  great  advantage  this  m  us  t  b  e  b  o  th  to  buyer  and  seller  ;  and  whatever  tended  to  facilitate  transactions  on  change  between  merchants  and  brokers,  and  brokers  and  consumers,  must  in  the  long  run  act  beneficially  for  the  public.  (Hear,  hear.)  There  was  one  other  point  to  which  he  wished  to  direct  attention.  In  calculating  inte interest  rest interest  and  discount,  the  per  centage  was  4,  44,  41,  and  some sometimes  times sometimes  4  ;  but  if  the  decimal  system  was  adopted,  the  cal calculations  culations calculations  for  both  could  be  made  with  marvellous  facility.  (Hear,  hear.)  This  he  (Mr.  Picton)  was  glad  to  see  was  not  a  political  movement.  They  had  got  there  the  respected  member  for  the  county,  and  on  the  other  side  they  had  the  equally  respected  member  for  the  borough  ;  for  all  felt  satisfied  of  the  great  improvement  that  an  alteration  in  the  preeent  system  would  be,  all  were  equally  of  one  mind  in  endeavoring  to  force  it  on  public  attention.  In  conclusion,  he  wished  to  express  the  obligations  under  which  he  consi considered  dered considered  Mr.  Brown  had  laid  the  town,  not  only  with  reference  to  this,  but  to  other  subjects.  He  had  a  right  to  speak  on  this  subject  from  the  position  he  held  in  the  commercial  world—from  the  extent  and  complication  of  the  mercantile  transactions  which  were  carried  on  annually  in  the  concern  over  which  he  so  worthily  presided.  (Hear,  hear).  No  man  had  a  better  right  to  speak  from  experience  as  to  the  advan advantages  tages advantages  of  the  proposed  system.  They  were  quite  sure  Mr.  Brown  was  too  much  of  a  man  of  business  to  advocate  any  change  of  this  kind,  unless  it  would  promote  the  interests  of  the  commercial  world  in  which  he  ranked  so  high,  as  well  as  the  interests  of  the  whole  community.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  Brown  had  a  right  to  speak  on  this  su  bj  ec  t,  an  d  he  thought  his  opinion  would  carry  weight  in  the  community,  wh  ere  h  e  was  so  well  known  for  the  weight  of  his  character.  (Cheers).  Mr.  Brown  made  his  fortune  from  commercial  transactions,  and  what  use  had  he  made  of  the  fortune  he  so  made  ?  Had  he,  iii  a  miserly  manner,  hoarded  it  ip  in.  hll  strong  box,  or  THE  NORTHERN  DAttY  TIMES.  kept  it  from  circulating  amongst  the  people  of  Liverpool  ?  Let  recent  events  answer.  They  had  not  yet  forgotten  the  noble,  the  generous,  the  princely  he  might  say,  donation  of  6,0001.,  lately  given  towards  the  erection  of  a  free  public  li library  brary library  for  the  use  of  the  community.  (Applause).  When  that  building  was  erected,  as  he  hoped  it  shortly  would  be,  he  had  the  authority  of  Mr.  Brown  to  say  it  should  not  be  spoiled  for  sake  of  a  trifle.  (Hear,  hear).  He  hoped  a  niche  would  be  left  for  a  statue  of  Mr.  Brown,  to  be  erected  during  his  life  tima,  and  not  after  his  death,  where  it  might  be  said  that  William  Brown  was  the  means  not  only  of  the  erection  of  that  magnificent  building,  freely  open  to  all  classes  of  this  great  community,  but  to  him  also  in  a  large  measure  the  public  of  England  were  indebted  for  the'  adoption  of  the  de decimal  cimal decimal  system  of  coinage.  (Applause).  The  resolution  was  then  unanimously  carried.  Mr.  J.  R.  JEFFERY  then  proposed  the  next  resolution.  In  doing  so  he  remarked  that  if  this  question  were  confined  to  the  merchant,  the  banker,  and  the  bullion  dealer—if  it  ef effected  fected effected  alone  their  balance  sheets  at  the  end  of  the  year,  he  apprehended  that  this  meeting  would  not  have  been  at  present  convened.  But  seeing  the  interests  of  the  whole  community  was  involved  in  it,  it  became  the  duty  of  those  who  were  impressed  with  the  importance  of  its  adoption  to  cause  it  to  be  widely  spread,  as  it  was  in  their  power  to  lay  the  advantages  of  the  decimal  system  before  the  public,  as  contrary  to  that  which  was  at  present  in  use.  However  advantageous  it  might  be  to  the  gentlemen  to  whom  he  had  mado  reference,  it  was,  in  its  results,  of  still  greater  advantage  to  those  who  occupied  spheres  in  society  beneath  them.  Let  him  take,  for  example,  a  poor  boy  who  might  be  placed  at  school,  and  the  longest  time  that  could  be  afforded  for  his  education,  with  many  interruptions,  should  not  exceed  three  or  four  years.  His  whole  time  is  occupied  in  learning  enumeration,  addition,  substraction,  multiplica multiplication,  tion, multiplication,  and  tables—troy,  avoirdupois,  and  apothecaries.  Then,  as  if  to  make  confusion  more  confounded,  we  come  into  the  compounds—addition,  substraction,  and  so  on.  Nor  did  his  troubles  end  here  ;  they  had  practice  to  contend  with,  which  is  stated  in  a  well-known  bit  of  doggrel,  to  make  one  and  as  though  they  had  not  enough,  we  must  add,  what,  in  his  opinion,  was  the  worst  of  all  decimals,  or  what  was  very  properly  .  termed  cross-multiplication,  feet  reduced  into  inches  give  parts,  &amp;c.  Now  this  would  be  swept  away  by  the  adoption  ofa  decimal  system  of  eninage,  and  who  could  doubt  but  they  should  have  instead  of  ignorance,  and  its  frequent  companion  crime,  in  its  place  education,  and  its  frequent  companion,  though  not  so  frequent  as  they  .  could  wish,  virtue  ?  In  self-defence,  as  a  commercial  country,  we  must  clear  away  thee°  obstacles  to  education,  and  thereby  lighten  our  counting-houses  of  unnecessary  ex expenses,  penses, expenses,  or  other  countries  adopting  the  decimal  system  would  be  sure  to  beat  us  in  the  race.  He  illustrated  more  clearly  what  he  meant  by  saying  that  he  attended,  a  few  nights  since,  an  admirable  lecture  delivered  at  the  royal  institution  by  their  talented  scientific  examiner,  under  the  new  seaman's  act,  Mr.  Towson,  on  composite  circle  sailing,  when  he  stated  that  a  ship,  which  he  would  for  distinction,  and  better  refer referring  ring referring  to  it,  call  A;  left  Melbourne  on  a  given  day;  B,  another  ship,  left  the  same  port  30  days  after  her,  but  reached  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  65  days  before  her,  both  being  bound  for  the  same  port.  The  ship  A  took  170  days,  the  other,  B,  only  75,  being  a  difference  of  95  days.  How  could  this  arise,  it  may  be  asked  ?  He  replied  that  by  recent  observations,  they  might  know  that  at  the  Cape  there  were  always  rotatory  gales,  which,  if  a  vessel  once  got  into,  she  would  have  nothing  but  per perplexity  plexity perplexity  and  difficulty,  but,  by  keeping  somewhat  further  south,  she  would  avoid  them  altogether,  and  save  herself  time,  annoyance,  loss,  and  everything  that  was  desirable  to  avoid.  What  then,  those,  gales  were  to  the  mariner,  so  was  our  complicated  system  of  arithmetic  to  the  schoolboy,  the  merchant,  shopkeeper,  and  even  the  artisans.  It  serves  to  distract  and  weary,  instead  of  to  encourage  and  cheer  on.  He  had  it  from  Mr.  Towson  himself  that  if  a  decimal  sys system  tem system  were  adopted,  he  would  be  enabled  to  impart  to  those  whom  he  was  sometimes  called  upon  to  instruct,  more  real  education  in  six  weeks  than  he  could  now  hope  to  do  in  six  months.  Let  them  consider  the  benefit  to  the  artisan.  Our  attention  had  been  lately  very  much  called  to  the  many  fail failures  ures failures  of  sick  and  burial  clubs  to  answer  the  objects  sought  ;  but  he  would  venture  to  say  that  loss  would  not  have  been  one  tenth  if  they  had  had  a  purely  decimal  system  of  arith arithmetic.  metic. arithmetic.  He  held  in  his  hand  a  book  containing  the  rules  and  tables  of  an  annuitant  society,  for  widows,  which  were  re revised  vised revised  in  1849.  A  competent  actuary  was  sought,  but  could  not  be  obtained  for  less  than  £250,  a  sum  too  much  for  the  poor  mechanics  to  pay  for  what  they  were  seeking.  The  duties  of  an  actuary  were  universally  admitted  to  be  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  difficult—a  man,  then,  to  be  an  actuary  must  be  a  talented  man—there  were  comparatively  few  of  them,  and  of  course,  like  every  other  scarce  commodity,  must  be  well  paid  for  to  be  obtained.  What,  then,  made  the  duties  of  an  actu actuary  ary actuary  so  difficult  ?  Our  complicated  system  of  accounts  (Hear,  hear).  The  difficulties  were  quite  as  great  to  reduce  our  sterling  into  decimals,  and  bring  them  back  again  as  they  were  to  make  the  decimal  calculations  themselves  lose  nothing  ;  buf  establish  decimal  coinage,  and  everything  would  be  comparatively  easy.  In  proof  of  this  he  would  say  the  institution  refused  to  employ  no  professed  actuary,  but  Mr.  Towson,  residing  among  them  at  the  time,  offered  his  services,  as  did  Captain  Parker,  of  the  royal  navy,  gratui gratuitously,  tously, gratuitously,  but  a  great  part  was  done  by  a  lady.  The  tables  were  produced,  and  he  believed,  found  to  work  well.  The  services  of  the  parties  were  gratefully  acknowledged  by  to  one,  a  gold  snuff-box,'  to  another,  a  silver  ink-stand,  and  so  on.  So  that  they  saw  to  those  who  well  understood  the  de de'  ' de'  cimal  system  of  calculations,  even  duties  of  an  actuary  were  comparatively  easy,  and  in  a  few  years  after  its  adop adoption,  tion, adoption,  he  would  venture  to  say  that  the  false  data  upon  which  some  of  the  existing  sick  and  burial  clubs  were  based,  would  be  discovered  by  some  of  the  more  enlightened  me mechanics  chanics mechanics  themselves,  and  they  would  cease  to  exist.  (Hear,  hear).  Nor  in  endeavouring  to  improve  our  system  of  arith arithmetic  metic arithmetic  were  we  doing  more  than  our  forefathers  did.  They  used  sticks  notched,  which  were  called  exchequer  sticks,  and  which  we  happened  to  know  to  our  cost,  for  it  was  he  be.  hayed  in  the  burning  of  them  a  few  years  since  that  we  set  fire  to  our  then  houses  of  parliament.  The  legislature  had  already  partially  adopted  the  decimal  system.  In  the  year  1853,  the  commissioners  appointed  by  the  government,  for  computing  tonnage  of  ships,  recommended  the  decimal  sys system  tem system  for  taking  their  measurements,  which  the  ',legislature  adopted,  and  made  the  law  of  the  land.  In  1849,  the  mode  of  computing  tonnage  was  again  revived,  but  the  decimal  system  was  again  made  legal,  and  the  only  means  to  be  adopted.  (Hear,  hear.)  Scarcely  was  it  of  less  importance,  that  our  money  system  should  be  of  a  purely  decimal  cha character,  racter, character,  for  the  same  importance  in  his  opinion,  which  at attached  tached attached  to  money  also  attached  to  weights  and  measures.  (Hear,  hear).  Names  as  well  as  proportions  were  also  im important  portant important  for  a  country  like  Great  Britain  and  Ireland,  and  in  making  such  a  mighty  change,  great  care  should  be  taken  to  adopt  a  pure  decimal  system.  (Hear).  One  of  the  wit witnesses  nesses witnesses  examined  before  the  committee,  stated,  and  in  his  opinion,  very  truly,  that  there  was  but  one  purely  decimal  system.  He  had  seen  several  that  had  proposed  with  manifest  earnestness  that  the  best  should  be  adopted  ;  now  he  was  bound  to  state  that  in  his  opinion,  the  only  pure  decimal  system  that  had  yet  been  proposed  was  that  by  the  committte  of  the  House  of  Com Commons.  mons. Commons.  (Hear,  hear).  Alter  the  name  of  florin  into  dime,  and  he  conceived  their  propositions  to  be  perfect.  the  name  of  every  coin  carried  with  it  its  own  meaning  and  the  same  meaning  was  applicable  to  weights  and  measures  as  to  coin,  and  that  this  would  be  found  necessary  he  thought  no  one  who  had  at  all  considered  the  subject  would  question.  We  take  our  sovereign  as  our  unit  in  money;  say  the  ton  for  weights,  and  acre  and  mile  for  land  measures,  it  may  be  pipe  for  liquid  measure,  &amp;c.,  and  they  might  have  the  same  terms  in  all  cases  signifying  similar  proportions  of  a  filed  quantity.  The  mind  would  then  be  no  longer  confused,  .  as  for  instance  was  the  case  with  the  mariner.  To  him,  as  to  all  of  us,  the  word  when  applied  to  time,  meant  the  60th  part  of  a  minute,  but  not  so  when  applied  to  space  ;  it  took  15  seconds  of  space  to  be  equal  to  one  of  time.  How  many  ships,  what  a  vast  amount  of  property,  and  who  could  say  how  many  hundreds  of  lives  may  not  have  been  lost  by  this  one  term  having  two  such  different  meanings  ?  He  considered,  with  our  large  transactions,  three  denomina denominations  tions denominations  in  accounts  was  preferrable  to  two.  It  was  an  easier  and  more  desirable  mode  of  expressing  any  large  amount.  Take  our  national  debt  for  example.  We  were  frightened  with  its  magnitude  as  it  is,  what  would  be  our  feelings  if  we  had  to  express  it  in  figures,  multiplying  by  four  as  would  be  the  case  if  dollars  were  our  highest  denominations  in instead  stead instead  of  eight  hundred  millions,  we  shouid  have  to  say  forty  thousand  millions.  He  believed  the  Americans  would  ere  long,  introduce  a  higher  denomination  than  that  of  a  dollar.  He  had  to  thank  Mr.  Theodore  Rathbone  for  a  copy  of  a  pamphlet  which  he  had  written  and  was  good  enough  to  send  to  him  ;  but  having  carefully  perused  that  work,  he  had  no  hesitation  in  saying  his  plan  was  defecti  re,  and  would  lead  to  serious  inconvenience  becouse  he  proposed  to  alter  the  value  of  the  sovereign.  The  sovereign  carried  its  own  sterling  value,  and  was  the  basis  of  all  our  contracts.  The  house  of  commons'  plan  simply  altered  the  representa representative  tive representative  value  of  what  are  now  only  taken,  and  only  proposed  to  do  in  the  United  Kingdom  what  was  once  done  in  Ireland  without  inconvenience.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  then,  because  he  considered  that  the  system  of  decimal  coinage  was  manifestly  beneficial  not  only  as  regarded  the  balance  sheets  of  the  merchants,  the  bankers,  and  the  dealers  in  bullion,  but  beneficial  to  the  mechanics,  the  shopkeepers,  the  poor  emigrant,  even  the  mariner,  that  he  had  great  plea pleasure  sure pleasure  in  proposing  for  the  adoption  of  the  meeting  the  reso resolution  lution resolution  which  he  had  previously  read.  (Mr.  Jeffrey  then  concluded  his  address  amid  loud  applause.  Mr.  M‘levEnrs,  of  the  Liverpool  Mechanics'  Institution,  seconded  the  resolution,  and  after  referring  to  the  high  scientific  and  practical  knowledge  of  the  parties  who  h  a  d  given  evidence  on  the  subject  of  decimal  coinage  before  the  committee  of  the  house  of  commons,  and  the  unanimous  opinion  which  had  been  come  to,  that  it  would  be  attended  with  beneficial  results  and  mach  convenience  to  the  public,  said,  it  behoved  every  intelligent  gentleman  in  the  country  to  use  the  influence  he  possessed  to  impress  on  her  Majesty's  go government  vernment government  that  the  time  for  making  the  contemplated  change  should  not  be  postponed  beyond  the  approaching  session  of  parliament.  He  next  contrasted  their  arithmetical  system  with  their  monetary  one—the  former  suggesting  order,  propriety,  and  civilisation  ;  the  latter  barbarism  and  igno ignorance  rance ignorance  ;  and  he  contended  that  as  the  decimal  system  of  arithmetic,  in  the  abstract,  had  been  adopted,  the  necessary  result,  namely,  taking  all  the  consequences,  should  follow  the  adoption  of  the  abstract,  which  would  ensure  uniformity  and  simplicity.  Having  referred  to  the  objections  which  had  been  raised  against  the  system,  he  expressed  his  belief  that  the  time  had  fully  arrived  for  the  adoption  of  the  deci decimal  mal decimal  system,  and  he  thought  it  was  mot  creatable  to  the  first  commercial  nation  in  the  world  that  it  had  not  ado  ted  the  improvements  of  the  decimal  system.  (Hear,  hear.  Mr.  THORNELY,  M.P.,  fully  coincided  with  all  t  at  had  been  said,  and  expressed  a  strong  desire  for  the  adoption  of  the  decimal  system.  He  instanced  the  different  values  at attached  tached attached  to  the  Spanish  dollar,  in  different  parts  of  the  United  States  forty  or  fifty  years  ago,  and  traced  the  impediment  in  American  currency  to  the  fact  that  the  American  govern government  ment government  refused  to  receive  duties  at  any  custom-house  unless  paid  in  dollars  and  cents/  If  a  similar  system  were  adopted  in  this  country,  the  decimal  system  would  be  at  once  established.  The  resolution  was  then  put  and  unanimously  carried.  Mr.  J.  P.  HEYWOOD  proposed  the  next  resolution,  request requesting  ing requesting  his  worship,  to  forward  the  resolutions  adopted  to  the  premier,  Lord  John  Russell,  Lord  Palmerston,  the  president  of  the  board  of  trade.  In  moving  the  resolution,  Mr.  Hey Heywood  wood Heywood  remarked  they  were  all  agreed  as  to  the  propriety  of  adopting  the  decimal  system  of  coinage  ;  the  difference  existing  being  as  to  the  mode  which  would  produce  the  greater  or  lesser  inconvenience.  In  early  life  he  had  been  in  a  French  counting-house,  and  had  consequently  become  conversant  with  the  decimal  system  ;  and  when  he  returned  to  England  he  was  perfectly  astonished  how  a  great  country  like  this  could  go  on  with  the  present  system.  There  was  no  comparison  between  the  two.  In  London  he  was  in  a  house  which  did  a  great  business  in  exchanges,  and  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  having  to  turn  every  thing  into  decimals,  and  back  again  ?  he  had  been  often  kept  there  until  ono  o'clock  in  the  morning,  when,  if  the  decimal  system  were  then  in  operation,  he  might  have  been  home  at  ten.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  hoped  the  government  would  take  this  in  hand,  and  that  on  the  Ist  of  Jan.,  1855,  they  would  bring  their  balances  down  on  the  new  system.  (Loud  cheers.)  Mr.  F.  CLINT  seconded  the  motion.  Mr.  MOORE  enumerated  a  number  of  works  upon  the  sub subject  ject subject  of  business  calculations,  which  helstated  were  not  gene generally  rally generally  known.  Mr.  J.  R.  JEFFERY  observed  that  Mr.  Towson,  of  the  Sailors'-home,  had  stated  to  him  that  he  would  be  able  to  impart  as  much  information  to  sailors  before  the  mast  who  were  anxious  to  become  mates,  and  to  mates  who  were  anxious  to  become  masters,  under  the  decimal  system  in  six  weeks  as  he  could  now  do  in  six  months.  And  refereneo  to  the  assimilating  of  the  weights  and  measures  in  connec connection  tion connection  with  the  coinage,  the  same  gentleman  stated  that  it  would  be  exceedingly  important  if  the  terms  seconds  in  time  and  seconds  in  represented  the  same  decimal  quantity.  A  second  of  time  was  equal  to  fifteen  seconds  of  space,  and  more  accidents  in  navigation  occurred  than  people  were  aware  from  the  term  seconds  being  of  such  different  propur  tiouo.  The  resolution  was  then  put,  and  uuanimomly  adopted.  Mr.  W.  BaowN,  M.P.,  then  moved  that  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  be  given  to  the  Mayor,  observing  that  on  no  occa occasion,  sion, occasion,  he  felt  sure,  could  there  have  been  a  more  concurrent  sentiment  as  to  the  merits  of  a  chairman  and  his  claim  to  such  a  compliment.  Mr.  THORNELY,  M.P.,  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  by  acclamation.  -  The  MAYOR  briefly  acknowledged  the  compliment  ;  after  which,  the  meeting  separated.  IRELAND.  [FROX  OUR  OWN  CORRESroxprarr.]  DUBLIN,  DEC.  28.  THE  WINTER  GARDEN.—The  attraction  of  the  Dublin  winter  garden,  late  the  Exhibition  build building,  ing, building,  continues  as  great  as  ever,  and  indeed  it  ap appears  pears appears  to  grow  more  popular,  for  on  Tuesday  last  the  numbers  that  entered  were  2000  in  excess  of  those  present  at  the  opening.  There  has  been  a  heavy  fall  of  snow  in  Dublin.  RATHER  IRISH.—The  guardians  of  the  union  of  of  Dunshaughiin,  county  Meath,  in  Ireland,  have  made  a  religious  question  of  a  proposition  to  dispense  with  the  Protestant  chaplain  inasmuch  as  he  has  no  duties  to  perform  and  is  not  likely  to  have.  The  opposition  contend  that  there  may  be  Protestants  hereafter  and  that  there  has  been  one  who,  however  is,  it  is  said,  about  to  emigrate.  FATAL  EFFECTS  OF  EXCESSIVE  D  RIN  KING  .  —On  Wednesday,  the  14th  instant,  John  Crothers,  a  large  farmer,  residing  at  Lissera,  near  Poyntzpass,  county  of  Down,  returned  home  from  Tandragee  market  under  the  influence  of  drink.  On  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  he  lay  in  bed  drinking.  On  Friday  he  was  up,  but  still  under  the  influence  of  drink.  On  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  he  was  again  in  bed.  On  Sunday  he  was  up  again,  but  still  drinking;  and  on  Monday  he  was  again  in  bed,  and  lay  there  drinking  until  Thurs Thursday,  day, Thursday,  on  the  afternoon  of  which  he  died.  HOMICIDE  AT  BALLINASLO  E.—The  following  is  from  the  Saunders'  News  Letter  of  this  morning  :  Ballinasloe,  Monday  night.—The  town  of  Ballinasloo  was,  on  yesterday  evening,  thrown  into  a  state  of  painful  excitement  by  a  report  that  a  man  had  been  killed  in  the  streets.  On  hastening  to  the  scene  of  the  outrage,  I  found  that  the  report  was  but  too  true.  A  man  named  Michael  Carty,  a  herd  of  Mrs.  O'Shaughnessy's  of  Birchgrove,  had  been  in  town  (as  hun hundreds  dreds hundreds  of  the  peasantry  were,  the  day  being  Christmas),  and  had  been  drinking  with  his  friends  and  acquaintances,  both  male  and  female.  It  appears  that  some  dispute  had  arisen  about  the  payment  of  a  round  of  punch  in  Earners  public-house  •  but  it  does  not  appear  clear  that  this  was  the  real  cause  of  t  he  mur murder.  der. murder.  At  all  events,  a  party  of  five  or  six,including  two  females,  were  on  their  way  out  of  town  at  about  four  o'clock  in  the  evening,  when  some  words  occurred  in  ill-feeling.  The  .party  had  just  crossed  the  river  Suck,  and  entered  the  count  y  o•-  common,  when  three  men,  named  James  Kelly,  Michael  Kelly,  and  Michael  Bailey,  commenced  a  furious  onslaught  on  Michael  Carty,  beating  him  severely,  knocking  him  down,  and  then  jumping  on  his  body  when  down.  The  police  were  promptly  in  attendance,  but  the  miscreants  had  decamped,  Carthy  breathed  slightly,  but  before  he  reached  the  police  barrack,  to  which  he  was  conveyed,  he  breathed  his  last.  The  town  was  shortly  in  a  state  of  dreadful  excitement—dense  crowds  of  the  peasantry,  country  people,  and  inhabitants,  having  congregated  in  the  streets.  A  detachment  of  the  constabulary  was  dispatched  to  scour  the  country,  and  if  possible  arrest  the  offending  parties,  but  to  no  purpose.  To-day,  an  inquest  was  held  in  the  court courthouse  house courthouse  of  this  tom  before  the  coroner  of  the  county  Roscom Roscomsoon.  soon. Roscomsoon.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  manslaughter  against  James  Kelly  and  Michael  Bailey.  The  sailors'  home  atiCork  is  now  full  ;  amongst  the  inmates  are  nineteen  of  the  crew  of  two  vessels  recently  wrecked  off  the  coast  of  Ireland.  FRIGHTFUL  SUICIDE  OF  LIEUTENANT LIEUTENANTCOLONEL  COLONEL LIEUTENANTCOLONEL  LAYARD.  The  following  is  from  the  Daily  Express  of  this  morning:—  It  is  with  feelings  of  the  deepest  regret  we  have  to  an announce  nounce announce  that  Colonel  Layard,  a  gentleman  who  lately  held  the  rank  of  lieut-colonel  in  the  9th  infantry,  terminated  his  existence  shortly  after  eight  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  by  cutting  his  throat.  The  unfortunate  gentleman,  whose  resi residence  dence residence  is  situated  near  Palmerston,  had  been  for  the  past  three  weeks  in  a  very  desponding  state  of  mind,  and  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  imagine  that  his  affairs  were  in  a  state  of  hopeless  embarrassment.  He  was  advised  by  his  medical  attendant  to  remove  into  town,  and  he  and  his  lady  took  lodgings  on  last  Wednesday  in  South  Frederick-street,  where  he  com committed  mitted committed  the  fearful  and  melancholy  act  of  self-destruction.  The  appearance  of  the  body  was  frightful  in  the  extreme  ;  the  bed-clothes  were  saturated  with  blood,  and  on  his  throat  were  the  marks  of  seven  deep  cuts.  The  severest  wound  penetrated  into  the  cavity  of  the  mouth,  dividing  the  eater.  nal  jugular  veins  on  each  side,  and  severing  several  branches  of  the  external  carotid  artery.  The  deceased  gentleman  re represented  presented represented  Carlow  for  several  years,  and  unsuccessfully  con contested  tested contested  that  borough  in  1847,  when  Mr.  John  Sadleir  was  returned.  John  E.  llyndman,  Rsq.,  city  coroner,  held  an  inquest  on  the  body  yesterday,  at  half-past  one  o'clock.  A  highly  re respectable  spectable respectable  jury  having  been  sworn,  the  following  evidence  was  given  :  The  first  witness  examined  was  the  wife  of  the  deceased  gentleman,  Mrs.  Elizabeth  Layard.  It  was  most  affect affecting  ing affecting  to  observe  that  lady  whilst  she  was  giving  her  evidence.  Even  during  that  short  time  she  was  several  times  attacked  with  hysterics,and  was  scarcely  able  to  speak.  She  said—  De Deceased  ceased Deceased  was  my  husband,  and  we  have  been  married  about  seventeen  years  ;  for  the  past  three  or  four  weeks  I  thought  he  had  been  rather  strange  in  his  manner  ;  he  was  subject  to  fits  of  depression,  but  I  never  apprehended  that  he  would  injure  himself;  last  night  he  was  more  excited  than  he  has  lately  been  ;  he  continued  so  during  the  entire  evening  and  night,  until  I  fell  asleep  ;  I  cannot  say  at  what  hour  I  fell  asleep  ;  in  the  course  of  the  evening  he  walked  vehemently  up  and  down  the  room,  and  said  he  would  be  taken  from  me  to  a  lunatic  asylum,  and  asked  me  not  to  let  him  want  for  any  comfort  ;  there  was  nothing  in  his  circumstances  that  could  have  tempted  him  to  destroy  himself;  we  had  not  very  large  means,  but  he  attached  undue:importance  to  a  diminu diminution  tion diminution  of  income;  it  preyed  too  much  upon  his  mind;  I  cannot  say  the  e  tact  hour  at  which  I  awoke  this  morning,  but  it  must  have  been  eight  o'clock,  for  it  was  light  at  the  time  ;  he  was  excited  at  that  time  ;  I  left  him  in  bed  after  me,  and  went  into  a  closet  to  dress  ;  he  called  me  by  my  name  before  that,  and  said,  Give  me  some  laudanum,  you  have  got  it  in  your  dressing-box  I  said,  I  have  a  little,  but  I  will  not  give  it  to  you,  for  Dr.  Carroll  will  be  here  in  a  few  minutes  and  set  you  all  right  ;  when  I  went  into  the  dressing-room  I  emptied  the  bottle  of  laudanum  into  the  basin  ;  I  did  that  before  I  put  on  my  clothes,  because  I  was  nervous  ;  some  impression  was  on  my  mind  that  he  might  make  me  give  it  to  him;  I  then  returned  back  to  the  bed-room  for  some  articles  of  dress  which  I  had  forgotten,  and  I  saw  the  clothes  all  full  of  blood  ;  more  than  two  minutes  could  not  have  elapsed  from  the  time  I  left  the  bed  until  I  went  back  into  the  room  ;  I  thought  at  first  he  had  spit  blood,  for  he  had  done  such  a  thing  ;  then  I  looked  him  and  saw  he  was  brandishing  a  razor;  I  shrieked  out,  and  rushed  at  him;  I  thought  he  would  kill  me,  I  was  so  frightened,  and  I  called  out  for  help  ;  I  was  unable  to  take  the  razor  out  of  his  hand,  and  he  kept  gashing  at  himself  ;  the  people  of  the  house  then  came  in,  and  did  all  they  could  to  save  him  ;  I  saw  him  once  again  before  he  died;  when  I  had  my  clothes  onti  looked  into  the  room,  and  he  grasped  my  hand  and  said,  bless  or  something  to  that  effect;  he  seemed  to  know  me,  but  I  am  fully  persuaded  he  was  out  of  his  mind;  he  was  a  man  of  good  disposition,  but  rather  an  authorita authoritative  tive authoritative  self-willed  person;  he  was  most  affectionate  to  us  all.  Dr.  Carroll  examined—l  live  in  Leinster-street,  and  have  known  the  deceased  gentleman  for  eight  years  ;  I  have  been  attending  on  him  about  three  weeks;  he  was  nervous,  and  in  an  uneasy  state  of  mind;  I  got  him  into  town  on  last  Wednesday  ;  he  formerly  resided  at  Riversdale,  Palmers Palmerstown  town Palmerstown  ;  I  have  seen  him  twice  every  day  since  last  Wednes Wednesday;  day; Wednesday;  this  day  week  he  and  I  took  these  lodgings:  I  always  considered  him  a  hypocondriac  ;  he  used  to  complain  of  various  fanciful  diseases;  his  mind  for  the  past  week  was  low  and  desponding  about  the  state  of  his  affairs  ;  from  what  he  told  me,  I  believe  his  means  were  not  so  good  as  they  had  been  ;  he  never  expressed  anything  about  self selfdestruction  destruction selfdestruction  ;  he  would  frequently,  even  in  the  midst  of  cheerful  conversation,  jump  up  and  rush  round  the  room,  and  say  his  mind  would  surely  give  way,  and  that  he  would  become  a  lunatic  ;  I  saw  him  last  evening,  and  he  was  speaking  cheerfully  about  six  o'clock  ;  but  he  still  said  his  affairs  would  be  the  ruin  of  him;  he  told  me  that  Mr.  Kirk  had  tried  to  mesmerise  him  ;  but  was  not  able  to  do  so  ;  I  remained  with  him  about  twenty  minutes  ;  I  saw  him  this  morning  about  a  quarter  before  nine  ;  he  was  then  alive,  but  it  was  after  he  had  cut  his  throat;  he  lived  aboui  thirty  minutes  ;  I  left  him  in  charge  of  Surgeon  Wilmot,  and  Mr.  Gordon.  and  went  for  Mr.  Cusack  ;  the  Messrs.  Porter  came  back  with  me,  and  he  was  alive  when  I  returned  ;  he  was  a  man  of  very  temperate  habits  ;  I  think  he  was  about  forty fortyfive  five fortyfive  years  of  age;  he  was  in  the  9th  infantry,  and  sold  out  about  eight  months  since  ;  he  was  fond  tt  mesmerism  ;  it  was  in  bed  he  cut  his  throat;  I  thought  he  was  the  last  man  in  the  world  who  would  commit  such  a  deed.  _  _  _  Mr.  Daniel  Edward  Daly  examined—l  lodge  in  this  house;  on  Wednesday  last  I  saw  the  deceased  for  the  first  time,  in  the  street;  after  eight  o'clock  this  morning,  while  I  was  still  in  bed,  I  heard  some  woman  screaming,  and  some  person,  I  think,  called  out  my  name  ;  I  got  out  of  bed  at  once  and  ran  down  stairs  ;  I  met  the  girl  on  the  stairs,  and,  in  answer  to  my  inquiry  of  what  was  the  matter,  she  said,  There  is  a  man  down  stairs  cutting  his  throat  I  went  into  the  gentleman's  bed-room,  and  saw  him  pulling  the  razor  across  his  throat;  he  was  sitting  up  in  bed,  and  had  the  razor  in  his  right  hand;  I  went  over  to  take  the  razor  from  him,  and  he  held  out  his  hand  and  said.  RP  I  oWpped  back  and  looked  in  tho  rue-place  if  there  was  anything  w  i STYLE=superscript  t  h STYLE=superscript  witieli  I  could  strike  the  razor  out  of  his  hand  ;  there  was  nothing  there,  and  as  I  turned  back  I  saw  him  making  an another  other another  dreadful  gash  at  his  throat  ;  I  then  seized  hold  of  him  by  the  hand,  and  pressed  the  razor  down  on  the  bed,  and  he  then  commenced  to  kick;  the  razor  was  then  taken  out  of  his  hand  by  the  gentleman  of  the  house,  who  assisted  me  in  holding  him  down  ;  other  persons  came  in,  and  I  then  went  up  and  dressed  myself;  he  said  to  me  when  struggling,  that  he  had  cut  himself  about  twenty  times  ;  one  of  said,the  o  y  rs  o  a  ff  s  a  k  i  e  r  d  g,  himor  something  whatcaused  t  to  hih  The  jury  returned  the  Rano  wing  tvain.tredffticoetct:d.l,i:, STYLE=superscript  We  andfinhde  that  the  deceased  gentleman  died  from  loss  of  blood,  caused  by  his  having  cut  his  throat  in  a  moment  of  tempo temporary  rary temporary  insanity.  OUTRAGEOUS  FAMILY  SCENE  AT  CORK.—The  following  is  from  the  Cork  Examiner  of  Monday  :  CORK,  DECEMBER,  26.—An  investigation  was  held  on  Sa Saturday,  turday, Saturday,  at  twelve  o'clock,.  in  the  magistrate's  office,  before  his  worship  the  mayor,  in  which  a  respectable  young  man  named  Jeremiah  Murphy  was  charged  with  havin  g  0.  fired  either  one  or  two  pistol  shots  in  the  house  of  Mr.  Denis  Hickie,  on  Friday  night,  with  intent  to  do  some  of  the  in inmates  mates inmates  grievous  bodily  harm.  Mr.  Denis  Hickie,  master  cooper,  living  in  Blackpool,  sworn  and  examined,  deposed—A  few  minutes  before  eleven  o'clock  on  Friday  night  a  rap  was  heard  at  his  door,  at  which.  time  he  was  up  stairs  in  his  house,  as  were  also  his  wife,  and  her  niece;  the  servant  girl  was  below  and  she  opened  the  door  ;  it  then  appeared  that  Jeremiah  Murphy  came  in,  and,  as  the  cross  door  at  the  stairs  was  locked,  he  came  down'  and  asked  the  servant  who  was  there  ;  she  said  it  was  Mr.  Murphy,  and  he  replied  there  was  no  admittance  for  him.  _  _  The  Mayor  :  Who  is  Jeremiah  Murphy  ?  Is  he  any  relative  of  yours?  Witness  :  He  is  married  to  my  wife's  niece.  The  Mayor  :  Had  you  any  misunderstanding  with  him  ?  Witness  :  There  was  a  misunderstandinc  , STYLE=superscript  between  himself  and  his  wife  ;he  turned  her  out,  and  misunderstanding STYLE=superscript  went  to  Mr.  White's,  where  she  stopped  for  three  or  four  days,  but  she  was  again  obliged  by  him  to  leave  that  place,  and  she  then  came  to  my  house.  Examination  continued  :  She  was  at  witness's  house  at  the  time  Murphy  called,  and  witness's  servant  told  him  he  would  not  he  admitted,  immediately  . STYLE=superscript  on  which  he  fired  a  pistol  into  the  hall;  at  that  time  witness  was  at  the  other  side  of  the  door,  and  the  door  was  locked;  he  was  fumbling  at  the  door,  endeavouring  to  open  it,  and  when  he  found  he  could  not  open  it,  he  fired  the  shot  ;  witness  got  greatly  terrified,  the  servant  screamed  out  dreadfully,  and  he  was  certain  she  was  shot;  witness's  wife  called  out  to  the  servant  several  times  but  she  got  no  an answer,  swer, answer,  and  they  became  convinced  that  she  had  been  shot  dead  ;  his  wife  then  threw  up  the  window  and  called  for  the  police;  she  asked  some  gentlemen  to  go  for  them,  but  they  paid  no  attention  to  what  she  was  saying  ;  witness  hearing  no  further  noise  got  a  pistol,  and  went  down  stairs,  and  opened  the  door  ;  when  he  opened  the  door  he  saw  Murphy  with  a  pistol  in  his  hand  presented  at  him  ;  witness  then  fired,  and  his  opinion  is  that,  though  he  heard  but  one  shot,  the  pistols  went  off  together  ;  Murphy  flashed  the  pistol,  and  witness  immediately  fired  ;  the  shot  from  Murphy's  pistol  did  not  touch  him,  but  Murphy  said  he  was  shot.  The  Mayor  :  How  do  you  know  that  he  fired  off  the  pistol  a  second  time  ?  Witness  :  There  were  marks  in  the  door.  The  Mayor  :  May  not  those  have  been  the  marks  of  the  first  discharge  ?  Witness  :  I  am  certain  both  pistols  went  off  together.  The  Mayor  :  I  cannot  understand  how  you  escapt  — STYLE=superscript  Pit  inpgs  :  After  opening  the  door  I  stood  behind  it,  and  only  put  var-i,..y  1  - STYLE=superscript  Ight  arm;  when  he  presented  la.,e  pistol  I  was  in  terror  of  my  IA  for  was  under  the  impression  that  the  serval..  aad  been  shot,  inasmuch  as  she  did  not  answer  the  call  that  was  made  to  her.  The  servant  of  Mr.  Hickie  corroborated  the  foregoing  evidence  and  deposed  that  Murphy  had  a  pistol  on  the  present  before  Hickie  came  down.  She  also  stated  that  he  was  tipsy.  The  Mayor  said  he  would  issue  a  warrant  on  the  evidence  that  had  been  sworn  to,  the  warrant  not  to  be  enforced  until  the  defendant  was  capable  of  being  removed.  But,  in  the  meantime,  in  order  to  prevent  any  further  violence,  he  would  immediately  take  measures  to  have  Mr.  Murphy  bound  to  keep  the  peace,  and  if  necessary  he  would  visit  him  at  his  house  for  that  purpose.  The  defendant  is,  we  understand,  a  respectable  young  man,  living  on  Patrick's-hill,  and  doing  business  as  a  pawn pawnbroker  broker pawnbroker  and  publican;  and  Mr.  Hiskie  is  in  a  very  respectable  position,  as  a  master  cooper.  Morgan  Singer,  Esq.,  R.N.,  third  son  of  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Meath,  has  been  awarded  the  Lieutenant's  commission  given  by  the  Admiralty  to  the  best  answerer  among  the  students  at  the  Royal  Naval  College,  Portsmouth."
