text
"EDITORIAL  HONESTY!  IN  the  NORTEMN  DAILY  TIMES  of  Monday  last  we  inserted  a  letter,  under  the  head  of  v.  fronk  Mr.  THoMAs  CHAPMAN,  of  James-street,  in  which  he  expressed  his  surprise  at  finding  a  letter  specially  and  fully  directed,  both  inside  and  to  the  Editor  of  this  journal,  inserted  in  the  columns  of  a  cotemporary  !  The  letter  in  question  was  dated  the  27th  of  December,  and  had  reference  to  a  correspondence  which  had  previously  appeared  in  the  columns  of  this  paper  exclusively.  •  This  epistle  was,  says  Mr.  CHAPMAN,  the  first  instance  wrongly  delivered,  but  on  applying  for  its  return  my  lad  was  informed  that  had  been  sent  on  to  meaning  the  Editor  to  whom  it  was  addressed.  This  communication,  however,  was  never  sent  to  us,  but  eppeared  next  morning  in  the  columns  of  the  Daily  Post  !—whereupon  Mr.  CHAPMAN  wrote  us  the  letter  from  which  we  have  already  quoted,  in  which  he  makes  these  comments  I  can  understand  editorial  anxiety  for  advertisements,  private  information,  or  the  latest  intelligence,  but  did  not  expect  that  my  autograph  was  valuable  as  to  warrant  such  a  Liberty  of  the  Press.'  It  may  be  a  very  w(h)itty  proceeding,  but  I  confess  I  cannot  perceive  the  Now,  we  are  not  disposed  to  cavil  about  trifles,  or  to  throw  away  our  valuable  space  on  matters  which  may  be  considered  more  in  the  light  of  a  personal  grievance  than  a  question  .for  public  discussion  ;  but  it  might  so  have  happened  that  our  telegraphic  despatches,  for  which  we  pay  a  large  yearly  income,  might  have  been  wrongly  The  letters  of  our  foreign  correspondents,  which  also  cost  us  a  considerable  sum,  or  some  piece  of  important  commercial,  or:political  intelligence  directed  to  the  Editor  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  might,  by  mistake,  find  their  way  to  the  office  of  our  cotemporary,*and  be  appropriated  with  equal  avidity  and  If  a  letter  addressed  to  the  Editor,  or  Proprietor,  of  any  other  Liverpool  paper  were  left  accidentally  at  our  offi6e,  we  should  certainly  exercise  the  Liberty  of  the  and  forward  it  as  quickly  as  possible  to  its  proper  destination  ;  but  to  deliberately  open  the  letter,  strike  out  the  name  of  the  journal  to  wltioh  it  was  directed,  and  substitute  that  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  for  the  title  of  any  other  paper,  is  an  act  for  which  we  should  blush.  To  defend  such  conduct  on  principle  is  wholly  out  of  the  question.  It  is  not  because  a  communication  is  addressed  to  a  public  journalist  that  it  becomes  public  property.  Mr.  CuArmAN's  envelope  might  have  of  it  nothin"
