text
"Riirttru  13gitii  fg)ittito.  TUESDAY,  SEPTEMBER  27,  1853  IT  is  says  the  Morning  Post  of  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  that  the  forces  of  England  and  France,  having  entered  the  sea  of  Marmora,  cannot  quit  it  with  honour  till  the  Pruth  be  recrossed  by  the  invader  of  the  territories  and  of  the  rights  of  our  War,  then,  is  no  longer  probable  only;  it  is  cer  tain.  This  is  the  conviction  of  the  French  embassy  in  London;  and,  on  a  calm  review  of  the  present  aspect  of  affairs,  as  developed  by  the  latest  intel intelligence  ligence intelligence  from  Constantinople,  Vienna,  and  Paris,  some  ingenuity  and  even  imaination  will  be  want wanting  ing wanting  to  suggest  a  doubt  of  the  substantial  accuracy  of  this  melancholy  conclusion.  There  is  only  one  hypothesis  that  can  invalidate  it.  That  is,  of  an  order  being  given  for  the  Russian  troops  to  repass  the  Pruth  and  retire  within  the  dominions  of  their  own  sovereign.  But  apart  from  the  humiliation  which  such  an  order  would  imply,  the  same  latest  intelligence  leads  us  to  infer  that  such  an  order  is  a  most  improbable  contingency.  In  the  first  place  contracts  have  been  entered  into,  and  pro provision  vision provision  made,  for  the  Russian  forces  to  go  into  win winter  ter winter  cantonments,  and,  in  the  next,  a  considerable  body  of  troops  has  been  moved  nearer  the  Danube,  thus  encroaching  yet  further  within  the  territories  of  Turkey.  Besides,  the  Russian  Emperor  is  at  this  moment  in  conference  with  the  Emperor  of  Austria  at  Olmutz,  and  a  numerous  band  of  diplo diplomatists  matists diplomatists  ;  and  the  order  for  the  troops  to  retire,  ii  given  at  all,  would  not  be  given  until  the  close  of  their  deliberations.  In  succeeding  numbers  we  shall  endeavour  to  give  our  readers,  from  official  sources,  a  correct  view  of  the  means  at  the  disposal  of  Austria  to  en endure  dure endure  the  contest  which  seems  impending.  Let  it  be  borne  in  mind,  that  she  is  not  embarking  in  the  conflict,  as  she  did  during  the  French  revolution,  to  resist  aggressions  upon  her  own  dominions,  but  to  aid  it  against  the  territories  of  a  nominal  power.  Her  quarrel  with  Turkey  is  not  a  just  one.  The  elements  within  her  do  not  arm  her  for  it  ;  and  European  opinion  is  opposed  to  the  policy  she  is  adopting,  Under  such  circumstances  it  is  madness  in  her  rulers  to_  unite  at  this  moment  and  upon  such  a  question  with  Russia.  But,  we  hope,  her  election  is  not  finally  made.  With  regard  to  this  country  we  readily  a  dmit  that  we  are  under  grave  obligations  to  maintain  Peace  we  desire  to  maintain  :  but  we  do"
