text
"EASTERN  WAR.  The  Times  learns  from  Paris,  that  telegraphic  news  has  arrived  from  Constantinople  down  to  the  13th  instant.  The  courier  who  conveyed  the  collective  note  .  11 STYLE=superscript  d  circular  instructions  of  the  Vienna  Conference  had  arrived,  and  the  ambassadors  of  the  Four  s STYLE=superscript  owers  proceeded  at  once  to  take  these  documents  ?Tito  consideration.  A  strict  enquiryhasbeen  ordered  Into  the  causes  of  the  destruction  of  part  of  the  Turkish  fleet  at  Sinope,  which  is  attributed  to  the  neglect  of  the  Turkish  authorities  in  not  recalling  those  vessels,  after  they  had  been  warned  to  do  so,  °r  to STYLE=superscript  the  want  of  timely  information  that  the  Rus Russian  sian Russian  fleet  was  cruising  off  the  coast  of  Asia.  The  Post  contains  despatches  stating  that  the  Turks  in  Asia  had  penetrated  the  Russian  territory,  and  not  only  have  maintained  their  footing,  but  have  i  n  various  encounters  defeated  the  enemy,  compelling  him  to  retreat  or  withdraw  into  his  fortified  positions.  At  the  latest  date,  the  Turkish  commanders  represent  themselves  as  preparing  With  due  caution,  to  advance  further  into  the  Russian  territory.  The  Post  concludes  from  the  authentic  accounts  it  has  received,  that  the  Turks  have  not  suffered  the  defeats  in  Asia,  of  which  the  Russian  bulletins  give  such  gloomy  descriptions.  With  regard  to  the  assertion,  that  the  French  envoy  at  Constantinople  overruled  Admiral  Dun Dun!las's  !las's Dun!las's  proposition  for  action,  the  Post  is  certain  that  It  cannot  be  contradicted,  when  it  asserts  that  the  Policy  and  action  of  the  French  governm'ent,  so  far  from  having  hampered  ours,  has  always  been  rather  11 STYLE=superscript  1  advance,  and  never  behind,  from  the  day  the  Fre  n  ch  fleet  sailed  from  Toulon  to  the'  Greek  Waters,  whilst  ours  remained  in  apparent  indeci indeciklon  klon indeciklon  at  Malta.  There  is  reason  to  believe  that  the  combined  fleets  have  entered  the  Black  Sea;  .but  the  post  does  not  think  they  will  go  to  Sebastopol.  The  Daily  News  says  private  despatches  contra contradict  dict contradict  the  report  of  the  entrance  of  the  fleets,  and  that  it  certainly  needs  confirmation.  ST.  PETERSBURG,  12.—The  news  of  the  victory  at  Sinope  had  been  celebrated  by  a  thanksgiving  in  all  the  churches,  and  the  firing  of  cannon.  A  Turkish  flag  was  paraded  through  the  city.  The  ussians  had  stopped  a  steamer  going  to  Constan Constantinople,  tinople, Constantinople,  with  the  French  consul  of  Wallachia  on  ooard,  and  compelled  her  to  return  to  Odessa.  It  was  asserted  that  the  fleets  had  entered  the  black  Sea,  and  that  the  Turks  had  suffered  another  defeat  in  lesser  Wallachia.  Au  STRIA—VIE  N  NA,  BTH.—The  budget  for  next  Year  shows  a  deficiency  of  £9,500,000  sterling."
