text
"(BEFORE  THE  LORDS'  JUSTICES.)  BRYSON  V.  THE  WARWICK  AND  BIRMINGHAM  CANAL  NAVIGATION  COMPANY  AND  OTHERS.  This  suit  rose  out  of  an  agreement  entered  into  on  the  21st  of  October,  1845,  between  a  provisionally  registered  company,  called  the  London  and  Birmingham  Extension,  Northampton,  Daventry,  Leamington,  and  Warwick  Rail Railway  way Railway  Company,  and  the  Warwick  and  Birmingham  Canal  Navigation  Company,  and  the  Warwick  and  Napton  Canal  Company,  for  the  purchase  of  the  shares  of  the  two  canal  companies.  The  agreement  contained  a  stipulation  that  the  thereunder  signing  members  of  the  provisional  com committee  mittee committee  of  the  railway  company  should  pay  down,  or  procure  to  be  paid  down,  on  the  day  of  the  date  of  the  agreement,  £lO,OOO  to  be  held  upon  trust,  until  the  railway  act  should  be  obtained,  in  taking  transfers  of  the  bonds  or  mortgages,  or  in  discharging  the  debts  of  the  canal  companies  :  that  in  case  £50,000,  the  entire  purchase  money,  should  not  be  paid  before  the  Ist  January,  1846,  the  agreement  should  be  void,  and  the  sum  of  £25,000  should  be  forfeited  to  the  canal  companies,  or  the  deficiency  made  good  by  the  there thereunder  under thereunder  signed  memebrs  of  the  committee.  That  the  terms  of  the  agreement,  including  the  payment  of  the  £50,000,  should  be  executed  by  the  thereunder  signed  mem members  bers members  of  the  provisional  committee,  and  such  mem members  bers members  should  provide  such  sum  out  of  their  own  moneys,  or  procure  the  same  to  be  paid,  so  that  the  canal  companies  should  not  be  affected  by  any  special  trusts  or  liabilites  which  might  attach  to  the  paid-up  capital  of  the  railway  company.  The  agreement  was  executed  on  be behalf  half behalf  of  the  railway  company  by  six  of  the  provisional  com committee-men,  mittee-men, committee-men,  and  on  the  part  of  the  canal  companies  by  Colonel  Russel,  one  of  two  trustees  appointed  at  general  meetings  of  the  canal  companies  to  receive  the  deposit  for  them.  On  the  same  day,  and  iu  conformity  with  the  stipu stipulations  lations stipulations  contained  in  the  agreement,  a  cheque  for  £lO,OOO,  signed  by  three  of  the  directors  of  the  railway  company,  was  carried  to  the  credit  of  the  trustees  of  the  canal  companies  at  the  Leamington  and  Warwick  Bank.  In  December,  1845,  the  railway  company,  having  •been  advised  that  the  agreement  might  interfere  with  their  obtaining  their  act,  gave  notice  to  the  canal  companies  not  to  part  with  the  £lO,OOO  without  the  sanction  of  the  railway  company.  The  agreement  was  not  car carried  ried carried  out,  and  the  railway  company  having  become  an anabortive  abortive anabortive  speculation,  was  brought  in  May,  1845,  under  the  provisions  of  the  Joint-Stock  Companies'  Winding-up  Act.  The  plaintiff  in  the  present  suit  being  one  of  the  contri contributors,  butors, contributors,  filed  a  bill,  under  the  direction  of  the  master,  on  behalf  of  himself  and  the  other  shareholdefs  of  the  railway  company,  to  recover  the  £lO,OOO  from  the  canal  companies,  and  the  Vice-Chancellor  Stuart,  in  June  last  made  a  decree  in  favour  of  the  plaintiff.  The  defendants  now  appealed  to  the  Lords  Justices.  Mr.  MalMs  and  Mr.  De  Gex  for  the  plaintiff,  Mr.  Bry Bryson;  son; Bryson;  and  Mr.  Daniel  and  Mr.  Selwyn  for  the  official  manager,  Mr.  Croysclill,  supported  the  decision  of  the  Vice-  Chancellor.  The  Solicitor-General,  Mr.  Glasse,  Mr.  Baggallay,  and  Mr.  Cadman  Jones  were  for  the  appellants.  Mr.  Malins  replied.  Their  lordships  reserved  their  judgment.  MANCHESTER  JUVENILE  REFUGE  AND  SCHOOL  OF  INDUSTRY.-ANNUAL  MEETING.  The  annual  meeting  of  the  friends  and  supporters  of  the  Manchester  Juvenile  Refuge  and  School  of  Industry  was  held  on  Thursday  night,  in  the  B.  Committee  Room,  Town  Hall,  King-street.  Amongst  the  gentlemen  present  were,  Alderman  Sir  John  Potter,  Absalom  Watkin,  Esq.,  J.P.,  the  Rw.  J.  G.  Vance,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Beard,  John  Taylor,  Esq.,  W.  R.  Callender,  Esq.,  Joseph  Adshead,  Esq.,  C.  E.  Cawley,  Esq.,  H.  R.  Forrest,  Esq.,  Mr.  Thomas  Wright,  Samuel  Eveleigh,  Esq.,  Professor  Calvert,  Mr.  Joseph  Con Consterdine,  sterdine, Consterdine,  &amp;c.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  Sir  John  Potter,  who  opened  the  proceedings  of  the  meeting  in  an  appro appropriate  priate appropriate  speech.  Mr.  Jourr  TAYLOR  read  the  annual  report  of  the  commit committee,  tee, committee,  which,  together  with  the  resolutions,  having  been  put  from  the  chair,  the  meeting  separated."
