text
"REPORT  That  they  invited  Mr.  Dignan's  attendance  at  their  first  meeting,  and  the  production  by  him  thereat  of  any  evidence  which  he  might  have  to  offer  in  support  of  the  above  charge.  That  invitation  was  followed  by  a  refusal  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Diguan  to  attend  the  meeting,  and  a  long  letter  by  him  ad addressed  dressed addressed  to  the  board,  which  letter  was  subsequently  placed  in  your  committee's  hands.  Your  committee  find  in  this  letter  no  facts  put  forward,  nor  any  evidence  adduced  of  a  character  to  sustain  the  charge  in  question.  They  cannot,  indeed,  but  regret  that  Mr.  Dignan  should  have  given  publicity  to  an  allegation  so  grave  in  its  tendency,  yet  so  groundless,  reflecting  alike  upon  the  character  of  the  board,  its  individual  member,  and  its  officers,  and  entail.  ing  upon  the  latter  especially  a  vast  amount  of  labour  in  defence  of  their  own  integrity,  to  the  serious  obstruction  of  their  official  duties.  In  the  absence  of  any  assistance  from  Mr.  Dignan  in  the  conduct  of  this  investigation,  your  committee  called  to  their  aid  the  relieving  officers  and  the  collecting  officers  who  have  been  concerned  for  Vauxhall  Ward,  the  district  of  the  town  to  which  Mr.  Dignan  makes  reference  ;  and,  after  a  long  and  thoroagh  scrutiny  of  the  lists  for  the  last  four  years,  viz.,  of  tho  ratepayers  (voters)  as  compared  with  the  rate  recipients  (paupers),  they  are  unable  to  discover  a  single  fact  giving  countenance  to  Mr.  Dignan's  charge  ;  and  the  officers,  all  and  each,  tendered  a  written  declaration  that  Mr.  Bradley  had  not  at  any  time  requested  them  to  place  parties  on  the  relief  lists  who  were  voters  in  Vauxhall  Ward,  or  any  persons  whatever  whom  they  considered  not  proper  objects  of  relief.  That  Mr.  Bradley,  during  the  time  he  had  sat  on  the  quorum  for  relief,  diminished  rather  than  increased  the  :amount  given  to  residents  in  Vauxhall  In  conclusion,  your  committee  feel  bound  in  common  jus justice  tice justice  to  Mr.  Bradley,  to  record  their  opinion,  that  the  activity  and  zeal  which  he  has  brought  to  bear  upon  the  administration  of  relief,  has  proved  beneficial,  rather  than  otherwise,  to  the  Public  interests  ;  that  he  has  evinced  no  partiality  to  any  class  ;  that  he  has  been  actuated  by  no  sinister  motives  in  the  dis discharge  charge discharge  of  his  parochial  duties.  THOMAS  HENRY  SATCHELL,  Ch?irman  Mr.  Satchell  said,  as  chairman  of  the  special  committee,  be  would  move  tha  t  th  e  re  p  or  t  j  us  t  rea  d  b  e  adopted.  The  com committee  mittee committee  had  paid  much  attention  to  the  investigation,  and  they  had  not  been  able  to  find  a  shadow  of  evidence  to  support  the  charges  which  had  been  made  against  Mr.  Bradley.  They  had  enquired  of  the  relieving  officers,  and  had  gone  through  the  books  for  the  four  years  that  Mr.  Bradley  bad  held  a  place  at  the  board,  and  there  was  nothing  to  support  the  charge.  Now,  that  the  inquiry  was  over,  be  hoped  the  subject  would  be  allowed  to  drop,  and  that  there  would  be  no  more  acrimonious  feelings  existing  between  Mr.  Bradley  and  Mr.  Dignan.  Mr.  Jones,  in  seconding  the  adoption  of  the  report,  exon exonerated  erated exonerated  Mr.  Bradley  from  all  blame  in  the  matter.  Mr.  Owen  said,  the  investigation  had  been  given  to  a  com committee  mittee committee  of  certain  persons,  but  scarcely  any  of  them  had  ever  attended,  and  had  not  signed  the  report  ;  in  fact,  it  was  a  report  of  three  of  Mr.  Bradley's  own  nominees.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  did  not  wish  it  to  go  forth  that  it  came  from  the  body.  (Confusion.)  The  Chaii  man  said,  the  board  were  departing  from  the  good  advice  given  them  by  Mr.  Satchell.  There  is  a  report  before  the  board,  will  the  board  adopt  it  or  not  ?  He  did  beseeeh  of  them,  not  to  use  any  offensive  remarks  during  the  business,  which  they  should  conduct  properly.  Mr.  Jones  and  Mr.  Owen  made  a  few  remarks,  after  which,  Mr.  Woodruff  explained  that,  domestic  affliction  had  pre-  vented  him  from  attending  on  the  committee,  wh  The  Chairman  declared  the  repot  Mr.  Bradley  thanked  the  board  f  placed  in  him;  and  hoped  sucL  le  confidence  they  had  would  never  be  for-  felted  by  him  After  transacting  some  routine  businesss,  the  board  ad adjourned.  journed. adjourned."
