text
"of  roone  would  do  now•that  a  road  was  being  made  across  the  r.  Littledale  4  lit  it  Wild  be  better  to  grapple  quite  time.  that  they  should  )egiti  to  make  some  improvements  in  the  parish,  and  as  would  be  as  to  bezi  that  the.  - STYLE=superscript  subject  ack  to  tbe,ommittee  for  the  iur  expen  and  to  report  ...Mr:  NeVille  objected  •td.the  subject  heinft  postponed,  as  it  would  be  - STYLE=superscript  Abe:cause  of  suspending  the  present  works  that  were  then  being,carried  out.  The  Chairman  inforthed  the  board  that'a  much  better  plan  than  lowering-  the  hill-  had  been  suggested,  and  might,  at  some  future  time,  be  biought  underdiseussion;  Mr.  Cairne  tlinttgbt  that  the  subject  should_  he_settled  at  once.  It  was-quite  certain  that,  some  ;  •  improvement  should  be  made  to  the  town.  •  .  •  It  was  then  decided  that  the  recommendations,  so  far  as  related  to  the  lowerinic  of  Tobin  street,  should  he  referred  back  to  the  committee  for  further  consideration,  THE  •_II  , STYLE=superscript  INANCE  .WATCH  AND  BYE-LAW  - STYLE=superscript  COMMITTEE  The  proceedings  of  this  committee  recommended  a  general  diStriCt  rate  Of  Is  6d  in  the  P  ou  nd..  At'efOimer  meeting  it  had  been  recommended  that  the  rate  should  be  Is  9d,  but  the  subject  had  been  further  considered,  the  result  of  which  was  the'iecommendation  Of  fhb  lesser  amount.  It  was  also  suggested,  that  the  necessity  of  purchasing  a  fire-engine  should  ,  be  taken  into  con consideration•  sideration• consideration•  Mr.  tishwick  moved,  and  Mr.  Bail'  seconded,  the  adOption  of  the  proceedings.  .  .  .  Mr.  W.  R.  Coulborn  wiThed  to  have  an  explanation  of  the  estimates,  upon  which,  ,  '  BilLSaid  be  was  to  do  a  thing.  which  he  had  never  done  before,  either  since  he  had  been  a  member  of  the  committee,  or  sines  he  had  been  .a  member  of  the  boar  - STYLE=superscript  cf.  that  was.  to  vote  against  the  recommendation  of  the  coin.  mittee,  therefore;  it  was  . STYLE=superscript  that  he  &#34;hact'iequested  Mr..  Fishwieh  to  move  their  - STYLE=superscript  adoption.  ,He  ,did.  ,so.  on  the  simple  ground's,  thathe  did  not  belieire  that  a  `ol'  6(1  in•  'the  pound,  would  be  adequate  to  raise  a  sufficient  sum  to  meet  the  requirements.  of  the  parish.  He  then  Bade  an  estimate  of  what  would  be  ;  required,  frinn  which  it  appeared  that  the  probable  expenditUre  would  he  £1,579,  and  that  the  amount  already  expended  was  about  £1,400,  making  in  all  something  like  £3.025,  to  raise  that  amount,  a  rate  of  Is  8d  would  not  be  sufficient,  and  one  of  is  9d  would  raise  about  £lOO  more  than  would  be  required,  therefore,  it  was,  that  he  was  in  favour  of  the  latter  rate,  which  had  been  formerly  recommended.  After  explaining  the  proceedings  of  the  committee,  and  the  items  which  had  been  struck  out  of  the  estimates,  he  concluded  by  moving  a  rate  *of  is  9d  in  the  pound.  Mr.  Penny  thought  that  as  - STYLE=superscript  they  could  not  levy  a  rate  at  that  meeting,  it  would  b:  better  to  consider  the  esti estimates  mates estimates  as  submitted  by  the  committee.  Be  did  agree  with  the  principles  as  announced  by  . STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Hill.  The  Chairman,  after  going  over  the  estimates;  con concluded  cluded concluded  by  observing  that,  he  conceived•that  a  rate  of  is  6d  in  the  pound  would  be  sufficient,  as  there  was  no.  necessity  of  having  a  large  balance  in  the  hands  of  the  bankers:  Mr.  Penny,  as  a  point  of  form,  seconded  the  amend amendment  ment amendment  made  by  Mr.  Hill.  He  inquired  of  the  law  clerk  as  toJwbether  the  board  could  legally  apply  the  balance  C.£170.0)  handed  over  to  theia  'b  'the  old-board  towards  the  current  expenditure  of  the  present  board  ?  Tie'Clerk  i4plied,  that  it  had  already  been  so  appro appropriated.  priated. appropriated.  •  -  The  board  then  divided,  when  there  were,  for  the  is  6d  rate,  seven  ;  and  for  the  is  9d  rate,  five.  The  motion;  was  therefore  declared  carried,  and  a  rate  of  is  6d  in  the  pound  will  consequently  be  levied.  The  Clerk  then  read  the  proceedings  of  the  com  mittee  appointed  at  a  previous  meeting,  with  regard  to  the  atnnlgamation  of  the  township  with  Liverpool.  As  the  bill  had  been  withdrawn  for  the  present  sessions,  nothing  could  be  done  in  the.matter.  n  to  sec  Ir.  Penny  .thought  it  would"
