text
"SCHOOL  A  gentleman  who  was  induced  by  the  appeal  of  an  excel excellent  lent excellent  clergymen  in  this  town  to  undertake  the  instruction  of  a  class  in  a  ragged  school,  wished  me,  as  I  was  a  stranger,  to  accompany  him,  and  see  how  it  was  conducted.  I  had  never  been  in  a  ragged  school  at  the  time  of  in instruction,  struction, instruction,  so  I  consented  to  go  with  him  merely  for  curio curiosity,  sity, curiosity,  not  intending  to  remain  more  than  a  few  minutes,  as  I  always  had  a  repugnance  to  such  society.  We  were  rather  early;  none  of  the  teachers  having  ar arrived.  rived. arrived.  The  room,  however,  was  tolerably  filled  with  a  curious  assemblage  of  strange  creatures,  both  male  and  female.  The  girls  conducted  themselves  very  well,  and  were  sitting  in  quiet  expectancy;  but  the  boys,  who  were  more  numerous,  amused  themselves  in  a  variety  of  ways.  The  moment  we  entered  the  room,  their  attention  was  directed  towards  us  ;  we  immediately  became  the  object  of  their  criticism,  and  they  expressed  themselves  in  so  comical  a  manner  in  our  very  hearing,  that  I  was  quite  amused.  We  were  scarcely  in  the  room  when  we  were  made  sensible  of  our  want  of  manners  by  the  cry  '  ats  of  to  which  we,  of  course,  gave  prompt  attention.  Several  of  them  then  came  round  me  and  asked  me  to  teach  them,  laughing  all  the  while,  and  evidently  caring  very  little  whether  I  did  or  not.  I  asked  them  would  they  wish  me  to  teach  them.  to  be  said  they,  cum,  teach  One  of  them  then  took  from  the  wall  a  board,  on  whicil  come  short  and  expressive  sentences  were  printed,  and  coming  tv  me  with  it,  read  over  in  an  indistinct  and  rapid  manner  the  ilmt  three,  which,  if  my  memory  serves  me,  were,  Learn  to  Learn  to  —Teach  me  to  indicatin  g  th  e  wor  d  s  ,  as  h  e  went  along,  with  his  finger.  But  his  irregular  spirit  could  no  longer  submit  to  such  restraint;  so  he  introduced  some  original  sentences  about  and  plums  and  buttered  pretending  all  the  while  that  he  was  reading  these,  too,  off  the  board.  The  effect  of  this  was  a  general  laugh  among  his  com companions.  panions. companions.  I  could  not  help  smiling  at  so  strange  a  scene  ;„and  I  felt  an  interest  for  these  poor  neglected  creatures.  Though  I  had  only  intended  to  look  about  a  little,  I  could  not  resist  the  impulse  to  say  a  few  words  to  them,  so  I  made  him  replace  the  board,  and  bade  them  to  be  seated  ;  but  this  restless  little  urchin  appeared  to  think  of  nothing  but  how  he  might  amuse  himself  and  excite  mirth  among  his  com companions.  panions. companions.  I  was  quite  at  a  loss  to  know  how  to  deal  with  him.  After  a  little  thought  I  reslved  to  try  what  effect  an  ap appeal  peal appeal  to  his  sense  of  shame  would  have  upon  him,  so  I  showed  him  how  he  had  become  the  laughing  -stock  of  his  com companions  panions companions  by  his  buffoonery,  and  that  he  was  mistaken  if  he  considered  that  room  a  place  for  amusement.  I  was  surprised  to  find  how  soon  this  course  had  effect  upon  him.  He  sat  down  quietly  and  looked  quite  abashed.  I  told  him  how  glad  he  should  be  to  have  such  a  place  provided  for  his  benefit,  where  he  might  derive  instruction  if  he  wished  to  receive  it,  and  that  he  would  be  acting  the  part  of  a  very  silly,  foolish  boy,  if  he  did  not  resolve  to  profit  by  the  opportunities  presented  to  him  'for  becoming  a  good  man.  I  pointed  to  the  board,  and  made  him  read  over  aloud  the  sentences  it  contained,  and  after  making  a  few  observations  on  the  first  two,  I  dwelt  more  particularly  upon  the  third,  Teach  me  to  I  asked  him  did  he  understand  what  prayer  meant,  and  did  he  pray  ?  He  replied,  I  says  God's  prayer,  and  more,  but  could  not  for  a  long  time  induce  him  to  repeat  it  for  me.  He  thought  he  would  be  ridiculed  by  the  others,  Think  I'll  have  all  them  'eer  laughing  at  me  I  promised  I  would  not  suffer  him  to  be  laughed  at,  and  to  encourage  him  made  all  the  other  boys  repeat  it.  He  then  at  last  began,  and  I  felt  so  gratified  that  I  thought  to  encourage  him  more  by  helping  him  on  with  it  ;  but  I  was  well  nigh  losing  all  by  this  presumption.  •He  got  quite  offended,  and  would  not  say  any  more.  Think  I  don't  know  it  without  your  telling  me—l  ain't  no  soft.  I  was  taken  quite  aback  by  this  unexpected  display,  and  did  not  well  know  what  to  do.  I  had  all  along  adopted  the  gentle  treatment  ;  but  here  was  behaviour  which  called  for  rebuke,  and  I  was  at  a  loss  to  apply  it  to  so  much  combus combustible  tible combustible  without  the  certainty  of  an  explosion.  My  first  method  of  appealing  to  his  sense  of  s  h  ame  suc succeeded  ceeded succeeded  so  well  that  I  thought  I  would  adopt  it  here  also.  Accordingly,  I  showed  him  how  unbecoming  his  exhibition  of  temper  was  on  such  an  occasion  ;  that  he  surely  could  not  have  been  thinking  that  he  was  repeating  a  prayer  to  God  ;  he  could  not  have  understood  the  meaning  of  hal hallowed  lowed hallowed  be  thy  will  be  us  our  trespasses,  because  that  he  could  not  suppose,  that  flying  into  passion  and  saying  bad  things  were  pleasing  to  God,  that  God  would  not  listen  to  the  praye  rs  o  f  w  i  c  k  e  d  peop  l  e,  ko  1.10  ilquao  ;.1  cervix  nliiltit  they  were  addressing  him  in  prayer.  He  listened  to  all  I  said  in  silence  and  evident  attention  ;  and  when  I  asked  him  to  repeat  the  prayer  once  more,  ho  did  so  without  hesitation.  Whilst  I  was  thus  engaged,  the  regular  teacher  came,  and  I  retired,  not  without  the  reflection,  that  our  poor  ragged  children  are  in  a  deplorable  state,  and  that,  withal,  their  hearts  hardened,  though  they  appear  quite  accessible  if  ap approached  proached approached  in  the  right  way.  Not  one  of  those  thoughtless,  wild,  and  wicked  little  beings  but  could  be  made  serious,  gentle,  and  pious.  I  could  not  help  thinking  that  ragged  schools  mi  g  ht  b  e  made  the  means  of  thoroughly  reforming  these  children,  now  sunk  so  low  in  ignorance  and  degradation  --unguided  in  any  action  by  fear  of  God  or  regard  for  man.  It  is  to  be  regretted  that  the  higher  classes  know  so  little  of  the  state  of  these  schools.  They  are  aware  of  their  exist existence,  ence, existence,  but  few  have  any  experience  of  their  internal  manage management.  ment. management.  They  cannot  bring  themselves  to  take  a  personal  interest  in,  and  busy  themselves  with,  such  filthy  little  creatures.  But  if  they  reflected  for  a  moment,  what  a  world  of  good  they  might  do,  they  would  not  hesitate  to  endure  a  little  inconvenience  for  so  praiseworthy  an  object,  and  instead  of  feeling  repugnance  to,  they  would,  in  a  little  time,  feel  an  interest  and  a  _pleasure  in  the  occupation.  They  would  not  only  go  themselves,  but  they  would  strive  to  enlist  others  in  the  work,  and  endeavour  to  respond  to  the  calls  of  the  clergy,  who  invite  their  needed  assistance.  All,  lay  and  clergy,  should  join  in  making  known  the  claims  of  these  poor  children.  Nor  should  they  rest,  till  they  know  that  not  a  single  child  in  this  town  was  neglected,  but  had  the  opportunity  of  learning  his  duty  towards  God  and  man.  Liverpool,  Soy.  23rd,  1853.  AItMATOS.  SPECIAL  MEETING  OF  THE  SELECT  VESTRY.  Yesterday,  a  special  meeting  of  this  body  was  held  in  the  Parish-offices,  Brownlow-hill,  to  elect  a  registrar  in  the  room  of  Mr.  Parr,  lately  deceased.  The  Rev.  Rector  Campbell  presided.  The  other  members  present  were,  Messrs.  Came,  Gardner,  Troughton,  Hand,  Sava  ge  ,  Craw Crawford,  ford, Crawford,  Shakeshaft,  Whitby,  Luff,  Clarke,  Mellor,  Denton,  Blain,  Whitty,  Moss,  Bradley,  and  Hughes.  There  were  no  less,  than  twenty-three  applicants  for  the  situation,  but  those  numbers  were  reduced  by  the  finance  committee,  who  selected  three  parties  whom  they  recomm  en  d  e  d  to  theboard  for  appointment.  The  parties  so  recommended  were  Messrs.  John  Pilkington,  Andrew  Rourke,  and  John  Pemberton,  sen.  Mr.  HUGHES  proposed  Mr.  Robert  Bryden,  whom  he  described  as  an  old  rate-payer  ,of  Liverpool,  and  who,  in  addition  to  being  a  man  of  many  virtues,  could  lay  claim  to  he  the  founder  of  the  Liverpool  Licensed  Victuallers'  Associ Association,  ation, Association,  an  institution  which  in  the  course  of  time  would  be  the  means  of  a  very  considerable  saving  to  the  funds  of  the  parish.  Mr.  Bryden  was  a  respectable  man,  and,  although  advanced  in  years,  his  intellect  was  as  clear  as  ever.  He  possessed  methodical  habits,  and  such  a  kind  of  character  as  admirably  adapted  him  to  fill  the  situation.  Mr  Moss  Ry  cpronficse  Mr  Tirvripn',2  Mr.  admitted  t  e  justness  of  the  eulogy  pronounced  on  Mr.  Bryden,  who  no  doubt  deserved  well  of  the  licensed  victuallers  of  Liverpool;  but  Mr.  Hughes  had  not  laid  down  any  sufficient  reasons  for  proposing  him  as  a  candidate  for  the  situation.  He  (Mr,  Moss)  should  support  Mr.  Pilkington  on  the  principle  laid  down  by  the  board  for  some  time  past,  and  which  he  considered  a  very  healthy  one,  that  was  of  advancing  meritorious  servants,  men  who  could  look  back  with  confidence  to  their  past  acts,  and  who  had  been  faithful  to  their  trust.  Mr.  Pilkington  had  been  the  parish  scho  o  l  mas  t  er  ,  an  d  su  b  sequently  the  clerk  of  the  parish  cemetery.  They  would  not  be  doing  justice  to  them themselves  selves themselves  if  his  claims  were  overlooked.  Mr.  GARDNER  proposed  Mr.  Smethurst,  and  after  some  conversation  as  to  the  mode  of  voting,  the  board  proceeded  to  the  election,  and  Mr.  Pilkington  was  appointed  registrar  by  a  large  majority.  For  Mr.  Pilkington  ;—The  Chairman,  Messrs.  Carrie,  Clarke,  Mellor,  Whitby,  Moss,  Savage,  Hand,  Crawford,  Shakeshaft,  Denton,  an  d  Troughton.  For  Mr.  Smethurst  :—Messrs.  Blain,  Bradley,  Gardner.  For  Mr,  Rourke  :—Messrs.  Luff  and  Whitty.  For  Mr.  Braden  :—Mr.  Hughes.  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  THE  STRANGE  ISLANDERS.  —The  British  brig  Chatham  was  lately  wrecked  on  an  island  of  the  Pacific  hitherto  un undiscovered.  discovered. undiscovered.  The  captain  gives  an  account  of  the  adven adventures  tures adventures  of  himself  and  crew  thus  We  were  distributed  among  the  people  of  the  island,  where  we  spent  a  most  wretched  night,  expecting  to  be  speared  every  moment.  The  next  morning  commenced  our  naturalisation.  We  were  all  drawn  together  and  armed  with  spears,  and  marched  off  to  the  north  end  of  the  island,  as  we  supposed,  to  be  there  sacrificed  to  their  gods,  for  they  have  many;  but  the  train training  ing training  ended  well,  and  we  were  each  taken  to  respecti  ve  houses  a  ga  i  n  .  F  or  several  days  this  training  was  carried  on,  differing  only  as  their  modes  of  worship  differ,  according  to  which  of  the  gods  they  worship.  We  then  found  out  that  we  were  cons  id  ered  supreme  beings,  and  that  we  had  nothing  fear  as  icing  as  they  thought  so.  The  natives  worship  idols,  departed  spirits  of  their  own  race,  and  have  god-men,  or  a  species  of  Pagan•  priest,  among  themselves,  whom  they  worship  on  particular"
