text
"Capt.  T.  Cook  LYNX  N.l3.—(food  , STYLE=superscript  be  alongside  the  vessel  one  hour  .  .  _  .  Passengertutrerequested  to  take  charge  of  their  own  Luggage,as  the  Ship  is  not  tesponsiblein  any  way.  forltssafety.  Carriages  ,and  allkinds  of  Vehicles  shipped  att  heirProprietors'  risk.  The  owners  of  these  vessels  are  not  responsibleforloss  or  Injury  to  Horses,  Cattle,  or  Live  Stock  of  any  kind  shipped  by  them.  Gunpowder  will  not  be  carried  by  these  vessels  on  any  terms;  and  Aquafortis,  Vitriol,  and  other  hazardous  articles  can  only  be  taken  by  special  agreement.  The  senders,  consignees,  and  owners  of  danger dangerous  ous dangerous  articles  are  responsible  under  all  circumstances  for  damage  occa occasioned  sioned occasioned  by  or  to  the  same.  The  contents  of  boxes  and  packages  containing  Liquids  must  be  specified  in  the  shipping  -note  before  shipment.  Parceis  for  different  persons  made  up  in  single  packages  addressed  to  one  party  for  delivery,  will  be  charged  the  proper  freight  for  each  separatep•ircei.  r STYLE=superscript  FreigLifor  t  ox  and  hale  goods,  20s  per  ton  of  20  cwt.  Goods  from  Manchester  and  the  manufacturing  districts,  when  consigned  to  the  care  of  the  Company's  Agents,  15s  per  ton.  FAZES—Cabin  (including  Steward's  Fee),lss;  Steerage,6s.  Servants  in  Cabin,  full  fare.  Apply  to  GEORGE  &amp;  JAMES  BURNS,  9.  'Buchanan-street,  Glasgow,  ALEX.  MT  ULLOC  ngs,  Gr.  enock.  JOHN  WALKER,  77A,  Market-street,  Manchester;  or  here  to  C.  MAC  IVER  &amp;  CO..  18.  Water-street.  THE  LEEDS  TIMES.  INCREASE  OF  ClRCULATlON—averaging  from  9,000  to  10,000  Copies  Weekly.  The  LEEDS  1%  at  Es  is  now  at  the  head  of  all  the  Yorkshire  weekly  Journals,  one  of  the  best  family  papers,  and  an  excellent  medium  for  advertisements.  P.S  —Cony  forwarded  on  receipt  of  four  stamps.  NORTH  LANCASHIRE.  THE  PRESTON  CHRONICLE,  which  has  been  established  upwards  of  40  years,  has  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes  in  the  towns  of  Preston,  Blackburn,  Darwen,  Clitheroe,  Accrington,  Padiham,  Haslingden,  Fleetwood,  Kirkham,  Poulton,  Blackpool,  Lytham,  Garstang,  Lancaster,  Chor Chorley,  ley, Chorley,  Wigan,  Ormsicirk,  Southport,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  as  well  a.  among  the  agricultural  population  of  the  Fylde  and  West  Lancashire,  and  the  magistracy  and  gentry  of  the  entire  county,  especially  among  those  of  the  northern  division.  The  Chronicle  is  thus  an  excellent  medium  for  advertisements,  which  are  inserted  on  moderate  terms,  the  wh.  le  amount  of  the  duty  being  allowed  to  the  public.  In  order  to  afford  facilities  to  a  large  class  whom  the  comparatively  high  prices  of  advertisements  have  hitherto  prohibited  frornavailing  them themselves  selves themselves  of  the  best  way  of  making  their  wants  known,  an  advertise advertisement  ment advertisement  in  the  newspaper  is  charged  only  Is.  6d.  for  advertisements  ,f  four  lines,  or  not  more  than  30  words;  and  2s.  for  eight  lines,  or  60  words,  when  paid  in  advance.  The  scale  of  words  is  adopted  to  allow  persons  at  a  distance  to  accompany  their  orders  for  advertise advertisements  ments advertisements  with  remittances  of  postage  stamps.  — STYLE=superscript  geveral  applications  having  been  made  for  a  scale  of  charges  for  small  advertisements  to  appear  weekly,  to  allow  of  tradesmen  and  others  keeping  their  addresses  or  other  announcements  regularly  before  the  public,  we  are  induced  to  adopt  the  following  very  low  scale  of  charges  for  such  advertisements,  when  paid  quarterly,  in  advance  21ines  „los  for  13  insertlons  f  3  and  4  „  rts  for  /9  5  and  6  „  ..  7  and  8  „  19  9  and  Jo STYLE=superscript  ~  ..  ......  22s  fm  . STYLE=superscript  *9  11  and  12  „  ......  2ss  for  19  Published  by  Dobson  and  So  n  .  Preston."
