text
".  THE  AGE  AND  SOME  OF  ITS  DELUASIONS.  LETTER  NO.  I.  EDUCATION,  POPULAR  AND  POLITE.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sra,—A  conceit  has  lately  taken  me  to  address  a  few  words  occasionally  to  all  in  the  town,  who  will  have  the  patience  to  read  them,  about  some  subjects  on  which  too  much  can  hardly  be  said,  and  on  which,  nevertheless,  the  most  extravagant  amount  of  error  seems  to  prevail.  So  much  is  this  the  case,  that  there  are  some  questions  every  day  talked  of  in  the  world,  and  which  I  can  never  thoroughly  dissociate  from  the  idea  of  No  sooner  do  men  begin  to  speak  of  them  at  all,  than  one  feels  morally  satisfied  they  are  going  to  speak  absurdly.  And  one  very  plain  reason  is  this,  we  have  grown  puffed  with  self-esteem  in  this  age,  and  having  achieved  so  much,  begin  to  fancy  that  we  have  settled  everything--that  our  science  is  omnipotent,  and  our  systems  unimpeachable.  We  have  got  ideas  into  our  heads  that  peculiar  theories  of  education,  government  civilization  law,  and  theology  have  been  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  settled  by  us,  and  need  be  reconsidered  no  more,  Consequently,  when  any  one  appeals  to  the  genius  of  the  nineteenth  century,  you  may  always  expect  that  he  is  about  to  give  forth  some  self-sufficient  axiom  upon  a  question  which  neither  he,  nor  I,  nor  the  nineteenth  century  know  very  much  about,  or  have  at  all  brought  to  a  conclusion.  Thus  it  seems  to  me,  that  we  do  not  at  all  possess  that  calm  spirit  of  modest  inquiry  which  should  distinguish  en enlightenment  lightenment enlightenment  from  ignorance  and  civilization,  from•medinval  prejudice.  With  all  our  progress  we  have  but  reached  the  strand  of  that  sea  of  knowledge,  beyond  which  stretch  regions  which  no  eye  or  hand  has  yet  reached,  and  whose  attributes  we  cannot  even  conjecture.  I  fear  we  are  a  little  too  much  inclined,  like  the  Roman  emperor,  who  meditated  an  invasion  of  Britain,  to  declare  that  we  have  done  enough  when  we  have  reached  the  confines  of  the  sea,  and  there  stop  to  pick  up  shells  as  trophies  of  our  enterprise,  instead  of  following  with  simple  and  trusting  courage  the  breath  of  that  destiny  which  invites  and  would  convey  us  to  the  shores  at  the  other  side.  If  I  knew  of  any  question  upon  which  so  much  self selfsufficiency  sufficiency selfsufficiency  and  exalted  ignorance  are  daily  put  forth  as  that  of  popular  education,  I  should  assuredly  begin  with  it.  It  is  the  one  great  want,  the  terrible  need  of  the  age,  of  the  country,  of  this  great  town  so  filled  with  wealth  and  squalid  poverty,  with  churches  and  prisons,  with  priests  and  sinners,  ignorance  and  crime.  Ido  not  know  of  any  com community  munity community  where  there  are  more  public  institutions  for  the  education  of  everybody,  and  the  suppression  of  all  vice  than  this  town  of  Liverpool  ;  and  yet,  who  knows  of  any  place  which  is  more  filled  with  ignorance  and  crime  ?  Is  there  a  night  or  day  that  public  places  are  not  open  here,  and  wise  men  expounding  the  truths  of  knowledge,  each  according  to  his  own  fashion,  which  of  course  differs  from  that  of  every everybody  body everybody  else  ?  And  people  are  not  won  over.  lam  satisfied  it  could  be  easily  shown  that  vice  is  on  the  increase  here  in  this  town—has  been  for  some  years,  and  will  be.  Why  is  this  ?  It  is  because  the  people  do  not,  and  cannot  listen  to  your  teachings,  because  their  hearts  can  never  be  in  them.  They  do  not  listen.  We  fill  our  institutions  and  lecture lecturerooms  rooms lecturerooms  night  after  night,  but  they  who  need  most  instruc instruction  tion instruction  are  not  there.  They  are  in  gin-palaces  and  singing singinghouses,  houses, singinghouses,  in  squalid  garrets,  in  reeking  lanes  in  places  to  which  a  ray  of  moral  light,  a  ray  of  the  sunshine  of  fortune,  happiness,  or  hope  never  found  its  way.  And  you  who  may  perhaps  read  this,  have  you  done  anything  to  improve  that  condition  ?  There  are  some  I  well  know,  who,  having  glanced  carelessly  at  this,  may  take  a  graver  thought,  and  say  we  have  done  nothing,  and  can  do  nothing.  We  have  thought  deeply  of  these  things  .  ,  and  all  the  result  has  been  that  we  here  declare  our  despair.  This  is  a  class  of  people  Ido  not  at  all  object  to.  They  think  strongly,  although,  let  us  hope  they  are  mistaken,  and  they  have  much  good  materials  out  of  which  work  might  be  wrought.  But  another  class  will  say,  have  striven  to  do  our  duty  ;  we  have  diffused  the  blessings  of  education  ;  we  have  delivered  three  hundred  and  sixty-five  lectures  every  year,  all  addressed  to  the  working  classes,  We  have  pointed  them  p#  the  way  they  should  go  in  every  conceivable  subject.  •We  have  laid  down  the  tram-way,  and  all  the  people  have  got  to  61p  is  to  run  upon  it,  and  care  they  never  get  off  the  rails.  And  they  .  are  improving  —education  is  being  fliffused—crime  is  vanishing,  poverty  of  course  they  must  bear,  for  that  is  their  lot,  and  it's  all  right  and  proper;  but  we  have  changed  all  the  Now  this  great  class  of  people  are  nearly  all  of  them  good,  true,  well-meaning  individuals,  who  would  really  do  all  they  could  to  advance  the  condition  of  their  race.  But  I  maintain,  indignant  as  my  readers,  may  possibly  grow,  or  contemptuously  as  they  may  smile,  that  they  do  not  know  how  to  do  what  they  ,um  at,  and  that  midi  they  do,  the  people  will  never  listen  to  them  When  the  llev,  Mr.  Boanerges  piously  and  sincerely  anathematizes  every  other  creed  but  his  own,  and  is  gazed  at  with  reverence  by  the  upturned  eyes  of  anti antiquated  quated antiquated  virginity,  I  am  sure  his  intentions  are  excellent,  but  I  beg  to  say  that  I  think  the  less  the  people  hear  of  him  the  better.  When  Professor  Dingo  delivers  his  famous  lecture  upon  the  cultivation  of  knowledge,  I  only  think  of  the  man  in  Dickens's  book,  who  compiled  the  history  of  Chinese  metaphysics,  lookinc  , STYLE=superscript  out  in  the  British  Cycl  o  p  m  di  a  for  China,  under  the  letter  C,  and  metaphysics  under  the  Welter  M,  and  combining  his  information,  And  while  I  greatly  respect  the  professor,  I  cannot  conceive  what  possible  benefit  I,  as  one  of  the  people  who  want  to  be  educated  would  derive,  even  though  I  listened  to  his  entire  course.  I  am  satisfied  I  should  %e  just  as  fond  of  beer  And  tobacco,  and  have  just  as  few  ideas  in  my  brain  as  gyer,  I  very  much  fear  that  these  things  are  like  the  dinners  of  the  wealthy—only  given  to  those  who  do  not  want  them.  -  -  .  _  -  The  people  are  children,  in  their  good  qualities,  and  e  v  il  their  ignorance  and  belief.  Perhaps  in  this  respect  they  ;nay  have  some  advantage  over  you  and  me,  Mr.  Editor,  rho  are  very  wise  in  our  own  conceit,  and  therefore,  can  hardly  he  got  to  admit  any  bglief,  except  like  Moliere's  lion  Juan,  that  two  and  two  make  four.  You  must  appeal,  if  you  will  have  any  result  follow,  to  their  feelings  in  the  first  instance,  nest  their  perceptions,  and  lastly,  their  pow powers  ers powers  of  retention.  Modern  education  does  precisely  the  opposite  with  men  and  with  children,  only  with  this  diffe differew:e—that  rew:e—that differew:e—that  it  leaves  out  the  feelings  altogether.  We  fill  the  memory  of  children  with  words,  and  are  quite  surprised  when  we  find  them  growing  up  without  ideas,  Just  the  same  with  the  grown-up  audiences.  Suppose  this  to  be  perfectly  successful  in  the  highest  degree  —suppose  every  inhabitant  of  Whitechapel,  of  Vauxhall-road,  of  the  lanes  near  the  Docks,  were  thoroughly  acquainted  with  the  first  book  of  Euclid,  and  able  to  repeat  a  list  of  the  Kings  and  Queens  of  England  backward,  would  whiskey  be  drunk  no  more,  police-offices  closed,  thieves  become  pulpit  lecture  rs  ,  and  prostitutes  Sisters  of  Mercy  ?  Is  this  kind  of  thing  altogether  confined  to  the  poor  and  uneducated  at  present  ?  Are  we  of  the  middle  classes,  you  of  the  upper  classes,  qualified  to  throw  a  stone  at  any  one  ?  We  are  not  indeed,  brought  up  at  police-offices  usually,  or  condemned  to  hard  labour  in  prisons,  but  is  it  because  we  are  more  .free  from  vice,  or  because  we  have  better  appliances  for  reducing  it  to  the  limits  of  the  law  ?  Change  places,  and  which  is  the  justice,  which  the  thief  It  is  one  of  the  most  insufferable  piece  of  arrogance  upon  the  part  of  us  who  have  read  a  few  books,  to  go  about,  as  I  have  continually  heard  learned  people  do,  preaching  to  the  people  as  if  ignorance  were  the'  sole  cause  of  vice,  as  if  what  we  choose  to  call  education  were  the  entire  radical  cure  ;  as  if  they  had  only  to  become  like  us  in:orderloVe  perfect;  - STYLE=superscript  as  ir  there  were  not  'Some  Of  us  who  would  cling  to  our  selfishness,  our  insincerity,  our  indolence,  and  our  passions,  though  Plato's  own  lips  ap appealed  pealed appealed  to  our  intellect,  and  the  wisdom  of  Bacon  pointed  us  the  road  to  practical  kn'wledge.  It  will,  of  course,  occur  to  every  one  who.  takes  the  trou trouble  ble trouble  to  read  this  letter,  that  I  am  doing  no  more  than  railing  at  those  who  try  to  do  a  good  thing,  not  endeavouring  to  show  a  better  way  of  doing  it.  But  one  must  begin  by  saying  what  it  is  he  objects  to,  and  show  why  he  objects  to  it,  before  he  goes  about  starting  any  new  system  in  the  place  of  the  old.  And  I  have  no  new  idea  to  suggest.  I  will  only  say  in  words  what  every  reader  of  the  journal  must  have  at  some  moment  thought  of.  I  object,  then,  briefly,  to  the  present  system  of  popular  education—l  shall  come  to  the  Polite  Education  hereafter,  if  you,  Mr.  Editor,  will  afford  me  space,  and  your  readers  patience.  I  object  to  the  present  system,  if  indeed  it  deserves  that  name,  because  it  is  a  sham,  and  we  have  shams  enough  of  necessity  without  this.  What  is  called  education  can  effect  none  of  the  objects  which  every  one  of  us  must  believe  to  be  the  true  journey's  end  of  instruction.  And,  if  it  could  effect  all  this,  those  who  have  undertaken  the  task  of  its  diffusion  do  not  know  how  to  execute  it.  To  inculcate  systems  and  chronologies,  not  to  clear  the  brain  for  thought  to  grow  up,  seems  to  be  its  only  object.  Education  seems  to  some  of  our  instructors  like  a  nail,  which  only  requires  a  few  vigorous  blows  to  drive  it  right  in,  and  then  it  remains,  and  all  its  purposes  are  fulfilled.  We  want  something  else  ;  and  wanting  it  we,  the  ignorant,  are  losing  faith  in  ye  the  learned.  Look  to  it  that  we  do  not  —we,  the  few  who  have  learned  enough  to  wish  for  more—open  our  ears  and  hearts  to  the  breath  of  cold  scepticism  and  indifferentism  which  has  passed  over  other  countries  and  withered  them.  I  shall  endeavour,  Sir,  in  my  neat  letter,  to  show  how  little  superior  is  what  I  have  called  polite  education  to  popu popular  lar popular  ignorance  ;  and  how  a  being  from  some  other  world,  if  he  were  called  in  to  decide  the  question,  might  be  sadl;  puzzled  which  to  choose.  And  then  I  shall  do  my  best  to  show  why,  and  in  what  points,  each  is  defective,  unreal,  and  false.  If,  among  the  working  classes  who  desire  instruction,  or  among  the  school-educated  ranks  who  an.  ti  posed  to  have  acquired  it,  there  be  found  none  to  agr-  much  of  what  I  sa  y,  th  en  I  mus  t  i  n  d  ee  d  be  profouni:  •g,  and  imaginatiu..  as  foul  as  Vulcan's  stithy  ii,  sir,  yours,  &amp;c.,  EXC  SIOII.  g  1,12.1.  1. STYLE=superscript  Peel  has  consented  to  deliver  a  lecture  in  rive  or  six  towns  of  the  midland  district,  in  aid  of  the  fund  being  raised  to  employ  a  paid  lecturer  in  connection  with  the  Midland  Union  of  Mechanics'  Institutes.  SERIOUS  CHARGE  AGAINST  AN  OLD  INITABITANT.—OR  Thursday  the  police  apprehended  Mr.  E.  Rolfe,  of  Glouces Gloucester,  ter, Gloucester,  slater  and  mason,  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  quantity  of  slates,  the  property  of  Lord  Sherbourne.  The  police  found  about  200  slates  and  17  pieces  of  timber  buried  in  Rolfe's  garden.  The  accused  is  nearly  70  years  of  age,  and  was  formerly  a  dissenting  preacher.  NINE  FIRES  IN  THE  METROPOLIS.  —The  London  Brigade  and  West  of  England  fire  engines  were  actively  engaged  from  Saturday  night  up  to  Monday  morning,  there  ha  ving  been  during  that  period  nine  fires  i  n  an  d  near  the  metropolis.  SMITHFIELD  CLUB  CATTLE  SHow.  —The  show  of  fat  ;little,  under  the  auspices  of  the  Smithfield  Club,  is  appointed  to  commence  at  the  King-street  Bazaar  on  the  6th  of  Decem December.  ber. December.  In  making  their  awards  the  judges  are  to  keep  strictly  in  view  the  great  object  for  which  the  Smithfield  Club  was  originally  instituted—viz.,  the  supply  of  the  cattle  markets  of  Smithfield  and  other  places  with  the  cheapest  and  best  meat.  Too  GOOD  DINNERS  AT  PORTSMOUTH.  —ln  relation  to  the  reported  extravagance  of  junior  officers'  messes  afloat,  the  port  admiral  of  this  station  (Sir  Thomas  Cochrane)  has  called  for  a  return  of  the  expenses  of  entrance  and  support  of  such  messes,  and  the  hours  of  dining,  &amp;c.,  with  a  View  to  check  the  matter  complained  of.  _  NEWSPAPERS  IN  TURKEY.  —Constantinople  itself  has  thirteen  newspapers,  Smyrna  six,  and  Alexandria  one.  Ser Servia  via Servia  is  rich  in  its  periodical  press,  having  eight  papers,  while  Wallachia  and  Moldavia  jointly  have  only  four.  In  all  there  are  thirty  four  newspapers  in  ths  Ottoman  Empire.  THE  TURKISH  ARMY.  —The  total  number  of  regiments  comprised  in  the  whole  regular  force  is  74,  of  which  36  are  infantry,  and  24  cavalry.  The  gross  strength  of  the  effec effective  tive effective  force  is  138,680  men,  and  that  of  the  reserve  130.000.  There  are  about  60,000  irregulars,  and  there  is  a  nominal  force  of  rather  over  100,000,  assigned  as  the  contingencies  of  the  tributary  provinces,  in  all,  half  a  million  of  men.—  Ottoman  Empire  and  its  Resources.  FIRE  AS  A  VENTILATOR.—Fire  is  the  great  agent  that  should  be  employed  for  the  ventilation  of  sewers.  Properly  applied  it  must  necessarily  cause  the  entire  destruction  of  all  unhealthy  and  offensive  exhalations  therefrom.  For  the  ventilation  of  a  given  extent  of  sewerage  there  should  be  constructed  a  shaft  in  the  most  convenient  situation,  with  which  a  furnace  should  be  connected,  and  so  contrived  that  the  whole  supply  of  air  necessary  for  the  combustion  of  the  fuel  employed  in  it  would  be  drawn  entirely  from  the  sewers  to  be  ventilated.—Correspondent  of  The  Builder  DERIVATION  OF  THE  WORD  CROWEAR.”—III  John Johnson's  son's Johnson's  the  explanation  given  of  this  word  is  piece  of  iron  used  as  a  lever  to  force  open  doors,  as  the  Latins  called  the  hook  In  Walters'  and  Welsh  the  first  part  of  which  was  published  about  the  year  1770,  this  word  is  printed  Is  it  probable  that  the  word  crow  has  been  derived  from  the  Camb.-Brit.  word  cro,  a  curve  ?  and  that  the  name  has  been  given  from  the  circumstance  of  one  end  of  a  crow-bar  being  curved  for  the  purpose  of  making  it  more  efficient  as  a  lever  ?  —N.W.S.—Notes  and  Queries.  PrarunEs  OF  THE  DEVIL.—The  eminent  antiquary,  M.  Merimee,  informed  the  writer  that  he  had  observed  a  marked  alteration  in  the  mode  of  representing  Satan  in  the  carvings  of  the  twelfth  century  :  previously  he  had  always  been  represented  somewhat  as  a  goat,  but  without  the  tail.  This  change  took  place  at  the  period  of  the  crusades.  Might  not  the  crusaders  - STYLE=superscript  have  seen  the  Assyrian  Satan  (of  which  there  is  an  example  in  the  Nineveh  Gallery  of  the  British  Museum)  a  so  imported  into  the  north  the  Oriental  devil  as  an  interesting  variety  of  the  species  ?  Correspondent  of  the  Builder.  THE  DUKE  OF  BEAUFORT.—The  present  Duke  (who  is  captain  of  the  Ist  Life  Guards)  comes  in  for  a  splendid  un unincumbered  incumbered unincumbered  income  of  over  £60,000  a-year,  having  never  joined  in  the  engagements  made  by  his  late  father.  We  understand  he  is  of  a  very  prudent  disposition,  and  in  his  time  the  pec  un  i  ar  y  f  or  t  unes  o  f  t  h  e  house  ofßeaufort  will  doubtless  wholly  recover  themselves.  We  may  mention  here  -that  there  is  a  sort  of  tradition  belonging  to  the  family,  that  none  of  the  Dukes  of  Beaufort,  live  to  be  65,  and  we  believe  there  is  no  instance  of  any  of  them  having  attained  that  age.—Bristol  Mercury.  CARDINAL  WISEMAN.  —We  are  informed  that  Cardinal  Wiseman  is  still  at  Rome,  whither  he  went  from  Paris,  after  attending  at  the  translation  of  th  e  re  li  cs  o  f  St.  TheOdosia,  at  Amiens,  and  that  it  is  considered  more  th  in  pro  b  a  b  le  that  he  will  not  return  again  to  England.  His  health  is  said  to  have  suffered  considerably  from  the  severity  of  his  labours  in  England  since  the  establishment  of  the  Papal  hierarchy  ;  and  a  growing  opinion  is,  we  understand,  prevalent  in  Roman  Catholic  circles,  that  the  Pope  will  employ  him  in  some  high  diplomatic  post  at  Rome,  instead  of  sending  him  back  to  superintend  the  affairs  of  the  Roman  Catholic  Church  in  England.  INFORMATION  FOR  TILE  PEOFLE.—Frequent  inquiries  having  been  made  with  respect  to  the  distribution  of  par parliamentary  liamentary parliamentary  papers  amongst  the  different  literary,  scientific,  and  mechanics'  institutions,  the  readers  of  the  Journal  are  informed  that  the  resolutions  of  the  parliamentary  committee  which  sat  last  year  on  this  Subject,  cannot  be  carried  into  effect  until  they  have  received  the  sanction  of  the  House  of  Commons.  Owing  to  the  illness  of  Mr.  Tufnell,  the  chair chairman  man chairman  of  the  committee,  the  discussion  on  the  resolutions  was  necessarily  postponed,  but  the  council  have  authority  to  state  that  it  is  Mr.  Tufnell's  intention  to  take  the  earliest  oppor opportunity,  tunity, opportunity,  on  the  meeting  of  parliament,  to  bring  forward  the  resolutions  of  the  committee.  —Journal  of  the  Society  of  Arts.  SERFDOM  r*  RussrA..—The  peasant  continues  deprived  of  all  protection  but  that  of  the  customary  law  (la  loi  coutu coutumiere)  miere) coutumiere)  :  he  may  be  dragged  from  his  family,  from  his  com commune,  mune, commune,  although  that  be  recognised  by  the  se  may  be  made  a  servant.  The  lord  has  a  right  to  .•  s  flogged,  only  not  to  death  :  he  has  a  right  to  i  him  in  a  maison  de  police  for  disobedience.  He  ma  •  emn  him  to  military  conscription,  or  pack  him  off  to  the  mines  of  Siberia  at  his  own  expense.  In  the  two  latter  caspg,  the  serf  at  least  becomes  free.  Lastly,  it  is  an  c3tablished  and  constant  practice  to  sell  serfs—  if  not  separately,  at  least  by  family.  No  land  need  be  given  to  the  peasants  except  just  enough  to  allow  them  to  vegetate  miserably.  The  lord  is  under  no  obligation  to  his  servants  beyond  supplying  them  with  just  enough  clothing  to  prevent  them  perishing  of  hunger  and  cold.—Leader.  _  .  THE  DUK  E  '  S  FIRST  VlCTORY.—Perhaps  it  may  interest  the  future  author  of  the  life  of  the  Duke  of  Wellington  to  be  informed  of  his  first  victory.  It  was  not  in  India  as  com commonly  monly commonly  supp9sed,  but  on  Donnybrook-road,  near  Dublin,  that  his  first  laurels  were  won.  This  appears  from  the  Freeman's  Journal,  Sept.  18th  1789,  where  we  learn  that  in  cense.  qtience  of  a  wager  between  him  and  Mr.  Whaley,  of  150  guineas,  the  ion.  Arthur  Wellesley  walked  from  the  five fivemile  mile fivemile  stone  on  Donnybrook-road,  to  the  corner  of  the  circu circular  lar circular  road  in  Leeson-street,  in  55  minutes,  and  that  a  num numof  of numof  gentlemen  rode  with  the  walker,  whose  horses  he  kept  in  tolerable  smart  trot.  When  it  is  recollected  that  those  were  Irish  miles,  even  deducting  the  distance  from  Leeson-street  to  the  Castle,  whence  the  original  measurements  were  made,  this  walk  must  be  computed  at  nearly  six  English  miles.  OMICRON.—Notes  and  Queries,  _  .  UNREPRESENTED  MINORITIES.  -  The  majority  returns  'all  the  members,  leaving  the  minority—often  nearly  as  nume numerous,  rous, numerous,  and  generally  quite  as  wise—wholly  unrepresented.  The  evil  is  greater,  and  becomes  more  obvious,  exactly  in  proportion  to  the  size  of  the  constituency.  Thus,  in  Andover,  where  there  are  241  electors,  121  may  monopolise  the  electoral  power,  to  the-  entire  exclusion  of  the  remaining  120  In  London,  at  a  recent  general  election,  it  did  actually  happen  that  out  cf  about  13,500  voters,  6,722  (the  number  who  polled  for  the  liberal  candidates)  returned  four  mem members,  bers, members,  while  6,719  (the  number  who  polled  for  the  tory  candidates)  rettihieit  no  member  at  all.  In  Paris  there  used  to  be  about  250,000  electors,  and  28  deputies  :  in  a  close  contest  it  might  easily  happen  that  126,000  might  return  all  the  deputies,  and  the  remaining  124,000  be  as  entirely  ignored  in  the  result  of  the  election  as  if  they  had  never  been  upon  the  register,  or  never  gone  up  to  the  poll.  Half  the  constituency  (plus  one)  has  everything;  half  the  constituency  (minus  one)  has  nothing  at  in  Chronicle.  .REV.  H.  S.  BROWN'S  LECTURE.  Last  evening  the  Rev.  Mr.  BROWN  delivered  the  fourth  of  his  series  of  lectures  on  the  religions  of  the  Eastern  world,  in  the  Concert  Hall,  Lord  Nelson  street.  The  subject  of  last  night's  lecture  was  the  nature,  the  rise  and  progress  of  Ma Mahometanism.  hometanism. Mahometanism.  The  reverend  lecturer  commenced  by  giving  a  brief  outline  of  the  state  of  the  Mahometan  power  on  the  death  of  Mahomet,  and  bow  his  followers  had  very  nearly  been  in involved  volved involved  in  a  civil  war,  by  the  conflicting  claims  of  the  four  aspirants  to  his  dominion.  His  father-in-law  succeeded  to  his  power,  and  the  style  and  title  assumed  by  him  and  his  succes successors  sors successors  was  of  no  very  ambitious  character.  They  contented  themselves  with  the  title  of  signifying  successor,  but  in  that  title  both  royal  and  priestly  functions  were  con contained.  tained. contained.  The  lecturer  then  described  the  holy  wars  and  cru crusades  sades crusades  undertaken  by  the  Moslems,  by  which  they  gratified  at  the  same  time  their  love  of  plunder  and  of  the  religion  of  their  Prophet;  and  however  unjustifiable  in  reason  those  wars  might  be,  they  were  not  less  justifiable  than  those  of  a  like  character  un undertaken  dertaken undertaken  by  christian  princes  from  time  to  time  in  the  early  ages.  The  reverend  lecturer  then  sketched,  in  a  bold  and  eloquent  manner,  the  triumphs  of  the  Moslem  arms,  from  the  fall  of  Damascus  beneath  their  sway,  to  their  defeat  by  Charles  Martel,  on  the  plains  of  France,  after  they  had  crossed  the  Pyrenees  and  threatened  to  leave  to  Europe,  as  its  only  hope  from  utter  destruction,  the  dire  alternative  of  the  Koran,  the  tribute,  or  the  From  this  period  the  power  of  the  Caliphs  began  to  decline,  but]  not  so  the  Mahometan  religion.  Pre Previous  vious Previous  to  entering  into  an  analysis  of  this  creed,  the  lecturer  took  the  opportunity  of  contrasting  the  progress  which  the  Arabians  had  made  in  science  and  other  branches  of  learning  N{itll  the  then  existing  barbarism  throughout  the  western  world,  and  observed  that  it  was  a  singular  fact,  which  ought  to  abate  our  European  pride,  that  at  a  time  when  Alfred  could  scarcely  find  in  his  kingdom  a  priest  who  could  read  his  book,  and  when  princes  and  barons  could  sign  a  deed  only  by  the  universal  cross,—at  that  time  a  Hindoo  published  a  learned  treatise  on  the  science  of  algebra.  It  was  not  strange,  then,  that  when  the  Moslems  entered  France,  and  beheld  there  such  rites  in  connection  with  religi)n  as  the  Festival  of  the  flight  of  the  Virgin,  or  the  feast  of  the  that  they  should  desire  to  proclaim  the  amity  of  God,  even  though  they  at  the  same  time  asserted  that  Mahomet  was  his  Prophet.  The  foaturo  in  the  weed  of  Islam  was  submission  to  the  will  of  God,  but  as  a  whole  it  defied  analysis.  Mahomet  (Aid  not  profess  to  reveal  a  new  religion  to  the  world.  He  came,  as  he  said,  to  reform  the  Arabians  and  the  world,  by  bringing  them  back  to  the  true  faith—to  the  religion  of  Moses,  of  Abraham,  and  Jesus.  The  Koran  he  alleged  to  be  a  further  revelation  of  God's  will,  and  with  all  its  faults  was  neither  so  silly  nor  sen sensual  sual sensual  as  the  traditions  contained  in  the  lives  of  many  a  saint  and  martyr.  The  lecturer  then  proceeded  to  explain  that  the  Koran  in  its  present  form  could  not  be  regarded  as  the  ipsissima  verba,  or  the  true  expression  of  the  revelation  as  alleged  to  have  been  committed  to  him.  It  was  corrupted  by  his  successors,  probably  to  suit  their  own  purposes,  and  numerous  passages  were  cut  out  and  others  interpolated.  Tradition  too,  stepped  in,  as  it  had  with  the  religion  of  the  western  world;  and  he  (the  lecturer)  did  not  confine  this  remark  solely  to  the  Romish  church,  but  ex extended  tended extended  it  also  to  the  Protestant  church.  They  all  boasted  The  Bible,  and  the  Bible  was  the  foundation  of  their  reli religion,  gion, religion,  but  they  all  knew  that  that  was  a  mere  oratorical  flourish,  and  not  consistent  with  facts.  For,  if  they  looked  to  the  Pro Protestant  testant Protestant  communion,  they  ould  find  a  hundred  things,  both  in  its  belief  and  practices,  for  which  there  was  not  one  whit'  more  scriptural  authority  than  for  purgatory,  or  the  inquisition,  or  masses  for  the  dead.  Besides  there  was  not  a  ceremony  in  the  Mahometan  religion  which  could  not  he  paralelled  by  those  of  the  existing  systems.  And  if  the  question  should  be  asked,  .  how  came  it  to  pass  that  this  mingled  mass  of  truth  and  error  should  so  extend  itself  throughout  the  world,  from  the  banks  of  the  Euphrates  to  the  north  of  the  Tagus,  so  that  men  in  millions  should  cry  is  no  God  but  God,  and  Mahomet  is  his  prophet?  perhaps  the  best  and  truest  answer  to  such  a  question  was  this,  that  Mahometanism  prevailed  simply  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  corruptions  of  the  cli:  istians  ;  and  it  read  to  the  world,  and  to  all  ages  of  the  world,  this  great  lesson,  that  men  should  beware  how  they  tampered  with  the  truth—how  they  ever  pandered  to  the  mere  passions  of  mankind  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  extending  an  unholy  power.  Christendom  did  this;  and  the  rise,  progress,  and  conquest  of  Mahometanism  was  the  al almost  most almost  natural  result.  He  did  not  hesitate  to  say  that  the  great  impostor  of  Mecca  was  sustained  by  the  equally  great  impostor  at  Rome,  at  the  present  hour;  and  if  they  were  to  place  Christianity  before  the  Mahometan  in  all  its  scriptural  simplicity  and  beauty,  they  might  expect  his  attention,  and,  if  lie  were  an  intelligent  man,  they  might  expect  him  to  close  with  then),  and  embrace  the  truth.  It  was  no  marvel  that  the  Mahometan  should  pre prefer  fer prefer  his  mosque,  all  bare  and  unadorned,  in  which  neither  image  nor  picture  was  ever  permitted  to  divide  with  the  duty  and  atten attention  tion attention  of  the  worshipper.  Men  talked  of  the  overthrow  of  the  Ottoman  empire.  Be  it  so.  Let  it  perish.  But  suppose  the  Czar  entered  the  gates  of  Constantinople  —suppose  the  mosque  of  St.  Sophia  was  again  a  christian  church,  what  had  that  to  do  with  Mahometanism,  he  should  like  to  know  ?  Men  talked  of  the  overthrow  of  the  Ottoman  empire,  and  then  they  looked  at  the  book  of  revelation,  and  thought  that  Mallometanisin  was  to  go  with  the  Maho Mahometan  metan Mahometan  empire.  But  they  ought  to  remember  that  Mahometanism  existed,  conquered,  flourished,  and  extended  itself  from  the  Euphrates  to  the  Appenines,  long  before  the  Ottoman  empire  was  established—that  it  existed  800  years  before  the  Sultan  planted  the  crescent  upon  the  ramparts  of  Constantinople,  and  that  it  may  exist  for  ages  yet,  though  the  Sublime  Porte  should  become  the  capital  of  the  Czars.  They  were  often  reminded  in  language  poetical  at  all  events,  whether  true  or  not,  that  the  crescent  of  the  false  prophet  is  wearing  The  never  saw  the  crescent—it  was  the  emblem  of  the  Turkish  power,  hut  Mahometanism  had  nothing  to  do  with  it.  So  that,  after  all,  whatever  might  become  of  the  crescent  signified  very  little,  so  long  as-Maho as-Mahometanisua  metanisua as-Mahometanisua  was  the  belief  of  one  hnnbred  and  eighty  millions  of  mankind,  for  that,  and  not  the  crescent,  was  the  strength  of  Islamism.  (The  reverend  lecturer  was  throughout,  and  at  the  conclusion  of  his  lecture,  rapturously  applauded.)"
