text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  much  cheering.  lie  alluded  to  the  circumstances  under  which  he  had  been  induced  to  come  forward  as  a  candidate.  In  doing  so  he  had  had  no  other  feeling  but  to  act  under  what  he  considered  was  a  sense  of  duty,  and  had  only  responded  to  the  wishes  of  the  ward.  The  result  was,  that  he  was  now  placed  in  the  proud  po position  sition position  of  their  representative.  He  should  not  attempt  to  thank  them  in  words.  He  hoped  they  would  read  his  grati gratitude  tude gratitude  in  his  performance  of  those  honorable,  and  no  less  onerous  duties  which  would  now  devolve  -.upon  him,  as  a  member  of  the  municipal  body.  While STYLE=superscript  he STYLE=superscript  felt  the  honour  of  being  elected  their  member,  he  likewise  felt  the  responsbility  of  it.  It  should  be  his  earnest  wish  to  learn  his  duties  a  nd  having  so  learnt  them,  to  perform  those  duties  to  the  utmost  of  his  ability.  (Cheers.)  He  could  only  again  thank  them,  and  assure  them  that  it  would  be  his  endeavour  so  to  comport  himself  in  the  position  in  which  they  had  placed  him  that  at  the  ex expiration  piration expiration  of  the  period  for  which  they  had  elected  him  he  might  hope  to  receive  their  -  approval  of  his  conduct.  (deers.)  Mr.  Councillor  BECKWITH  next  addressed  the  assembly,  and  stated  that  he  had  been  induced  to  take  part  in  the  contest  in  favour  of  Mr.  Clint,  in  consequence  of  some  members  of  the  political  party  in  the  ward,  with  whom  he  acted,  having  been  guilty  of  a  breach  of  faith  on  the  occa occasion  sion occasion  of  this  year's  municipal  register.  Mr.  BJtEAKELL,  and  other  gentlemen  having  spoken,  the  proceedings  terminated.  SOUTH  TOXTETH  WARD.  Mr.  Samuel  Holme  (the  mayor),  re-elected  without  op-  position  NORTH  TOXTETH  WARD.  Mr.  Matthew  Gregson,  re-elected  without  opposition  MANCHESTER  AND  SALFORD  MUNICI MUNICIPAL  PAL MUNICIPAL  ELECTIONS.  The  following  members  were  returned  yesterday  for  the  city  of  Manchester  :  New  Cross  Ward.—Messrs  T.  L.  Williams  and  John  Gibson.  •  St  Michael's  Ward.—Mr.  Hugh  Warburton.  Collegiate  Church  Ward.—Mr.  Miles  Craston.  St.  Clement's  Ward.—Mr.  W.  G.  Newton,  Exchange  Ward.—Mr.  Ivie  Mackie.  Oxford  Ward.—Mr.  James  Bake.  St.  James's  Ward.—Mr.  Thomas  Goodsby.  St.  John's  Ward.—Mr.  William  Bowker.  St.  Ann's  Ward.—Mr.  William  Gibbs.  •  All  Saint's  Ward.—Mr.  Richard  Potter.  St.  Luke's  Ward.—Mr.  Cornelius  Randall.  St.  George's  Ward.—Mr.  John  Haworth.  Medloek  Street  Ward.—Mr.  Abraham  Dearden.  Ardwick  Ward.  —Mr.  William  Vickers.  Cheetham  Ward.—Mr.  George  Wadsworth.  The  following  were  returned  for  the  borough  of  Salford  :  Blackfriars  Ward.—Messrs.  Peter  Gerdall  and  Thomas  Davies.  Crescent  Ward.—Messrs.  Thomas  Barlow  and  James  Hor-  rocks.  St.  Stephen's  Ward.—Messrs.  Jonathan  Thompson  and  Joseph  Lankey.  Trinity  Ward.—Messrs.  Thomas  Marsden  and  William  Hopkinson.  Seedley  Ward.—Messrs.  J.  Weston,  John  Parkinson,  John  Tyson,  Thomas  Ashworth,  James  Gorton,  and  Jonathan  B.  Statham.  St.  Thomas's  Ward.—Messrs.  Wm.  Leaf,  Henry  Dixon,  Wright  Turner,  Thomas  Heywood,  John  Rowcroft,  and  JohnlGreenwood.  Kersal  Ward.—Messrs.  Pearson,  Radford,  Pennington,  Myers,  Burgess,  Lofthouse.  St.  John's  Ward.—Messrs.  Bradley,  Cowley,  Hoyley,  Long  and  Trapp.  THE  WEST  INDIA  MAIL.  The  West  India  Mail  Steamer  Magdelena,  ar arrived  rived arrived  at  Southampton  yesterday  afternoon,  at  three  o'clock,  with  the  usual  mails,  and  452,192  dols.  in  specie,  of  •'which  28,000  are  on  account  of  Mexican  dividends.  Her  dates  are  from  Jamaica  and  Tri Trinidad  nidad Trinidad  to  the  12th,  and  St.  Thomas's  to  the  16th  inst.  The  markets  were  firm,  and  Exchange  on  London  was  quoted  at  Jamaica  at  91,  Trinidad,  61i,  and  St.  Thomas's,  32.  The  Berkley  had  ar arrived  rived arrived  out.  The  new  Governor  had  arrived,  and  the  inauguration  had  taken  place.  The  Magdelena  has  brought  home  43  passengers.  The  mails  will  be  delivered  here  this  afternoon.  TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  We  yesterday  announced,  that  26,000  Turks  had  crossed  the  Danube,  and  occupied  Kalifat.  We  now  subjoin  the  additional  details  since  received.  From  Orsova,  another  despatch  says  that  52,000  men  have  crossed,  and  that  hostilities  have  com-  mewed.  This  news  is  believed  in,  although  not  authen-  ticated.  In  the  second  edition  of  our  cotemporary,  how howappeared  appeared howappeared  another  despatch  from  its  Vienna  ;pondent,  of  a  more  positive  character,  in  words  :  corres  these  VIENNA,  Monday  The  following  is  authentic  :-30,000  infantry  and  400  cavalry,  under  the  orders  of  Omer  Paella,  passed  the  Danube  at  Kalafat  on  the  27th  inst.  A  great  number  more  were  in  the  act  of  passing.  An  encounter  with  the  Russians  was  expected  on  the  28th.  We  place  these  before  our  readers  without  com comment.  ment. comment.  We  have  no  corroboration  of  them,  nor  have  we  any  reason  for  discrediting  them.  The  Paris  correspondent  of  The  Times  has  the  following  on  the  present  position  of  the  Eastern  question.  His  information,  he  says,  is  derived  from  The  much muchtalked  talked muchtalked  of  and  dreaded  manifesto  of  the  Emperor  of  Russia  on  the  receipt  of  the  Turkish  declaration  of  war,  now  turns  out  to  have  been  a  very  pacific  note  from  Prince  Nesselrode,  in  which  he  informed  the  Four  Powers  that  the  Emperor,  his  master,  re regretted  gretted regretted  extremely  that  the  Turks  should  have  so  misunderstood  his  intentions  as  to  have  pushed  matters  to  a  declaration  of  war  ;  •  that  he  deplored  the  present  state  of  suspense,  and  was  most  anxious  for  its  speedy  termination.  As  the  readiest  way  of  effecting  this,  and  with  a  view  to  the  imme  diate  evacuation  of  the  Principalities,  he  proposesthat  a  Turkish  Plenipotentiary  should  proceed  to  Prince  Gortschakoff  s  head  quarters,  and  arrange  the  matter  on  the  spot.  I  am  informed  that  this  propoSition  was  declined  by  France  and  England,  on  the  ground  that  matters  had  gone  .too  far  to  allow  the  difference  between  Russia  and  Turkey  to  be  arranged  in  this  summary  manner,  but  that  those  powers  were  ready  to  draw  up  9,  new  note,  based  on  the  evacuation  of  the  Principalities,  in  which  the  portions  of  the  Vienna  note,  which  had  offended  Turkish  dignity,  should  be  omitted,  or  explained  in  such  a  way  as  to  leave  no  ground  for  Russian  inter interference  ference interference  with  the  sovereign  rights  and  prerogatives  of  the  Sultan.  Such  a  note  lam  also  informed  has  been  drawn  up,  has  received  the  assent  and  approbation  of  Austria  and  Prussia,  as  well  as  of  the  representative  of  the  Emperor  Nicholas  at  Vienna,  and  is  now  on  its  way  to  Constantinople;  whither  the  intelligence  of  its  advent  has  beer  forwarded  by  telegraph.  lam  also  informed  that  the  French  Government  has  received  intelligence  that  Lord  Stratford  has  procured  the  assent  of  the  Porte  to  a  note  embodied  in  terms  almost  identi identical  cal identical  with  those  of  the  document  now  on  its  way  to  Constantinople.  Such  are  the  details  of  the  pre present  sent present  position  of  the  Eastern  question,  which  jus  tify  an  expectation  of  a  speedy  arrangement.  The  reasons  which  have  induced  the  Emperor  of  Russia  to  submit  so  meekly  to  the  buffet  dealt  him  on  the  cheek  by  his  Ottoman  brother,  afford  ample  ground  for  speculation.  Ignorance  of  the  state  of  feeling  as  regards  Turkey  in  France  and  England,  a  mistaken  notion  of  the  impossibility  of  an  alliance  between  those  Powers.  overweening  confidence  in  his  own  resources,  and  a  contempt,  for  those  of  his  adversary,  may,  in  the  first  in instance,  stance, instance,  have  combined  to  induce  him  to  take  a  step  which  a  better  knowledge  of  his  own  position  now  makes  him  desirous  to  retrace.  Though  no  one  fancies  that  Turkey  can  cope  with  Russia  in  a  pro prolonged  longed prolonged  contest,  yet  the  chances  of  success  for  the  Czar  are  materially  lessened  by  the  certainty  that  the  first  reverse  of  his  antagonist  will  bring  to  the  succour  of  the  vanquished  the  fleets  and,  per perb.aps,  b.aps, perb.aps,  other  forces,  of  two  nations  each  able  to  con contend-with  tend-with contend-with  Russia  single-handed.  The  state  of  af affairs  fairs affairs  in  the  Caucasus,  where  it  is  now  certain  that  their  frame  of  mind.  Russians  have  m  et STYLE=superscript  with STYLE=superscript  g  rea STYLE=superscript  t  r  everses, STYLE=superscript  ' STYLE=superscript  a  n STYLE=superscript  d  t  h  e  weakness  of  the  army  o STYLE=superscript  f  occupation  in  the  dispirited  in  by  P  n  ci  inaction,p  i  t  t  i  h  t  i  e  e  s  ,may  Emperor  decimated  als  oN  disease  c  b  ah  y  voelash  taed  a  and  betterbriikgi  ,  n  ,  g"
