text
"MONEY  ORDERB.-GENBRAL  POST-OFFICE,  DECEMBER.  On  the  Ist  of  January  next,  the  undermentioned  minor  money  order-offices  will  be  raised  to  major  money  order orderoffices.  offices. orderoffices.  Postmasters  must,  therefore,  after  that  date,  pay  orders  issued  at  those  offices  on  receipt  of  the  corresponding  advices  direct  therefrom  :—Abergel  ,e  Denbighshire  '  •  Bing Bingley,  ley, Bingley,  Yo  r  kshire  ;  Crook,  Durham  ;  Hawkhurst,  Kent;  Hey Heywood,  wood, Heywood,  Lancashire  ;  Newcastle-Emlyn,  Carmarthenshire  ;  Northfleet,  Kent  ;  Patrington,  Yorkshire  ;  Ramsey  (Isle  of  Man);  Rawtenstall,  Lancashire  ;  Sandgate,  Kent  ;  South Southend,  end, Southend,  Essex  ;  Sowerby-bridge,  Yorkshire  ;  Walton-on-  Thames  and  York-town,  Surrey.  Minor  money  order orderoffices  offices orderoffices  will  be  opened  at  the  undermentioned  places  on  the  respective  dates  named  :—Buckden,  Huntingdonshire,  (head  office  from  which  served,  when  the  office  itself  is  not  a  head  office,  Huntingdon)—the  money  order-office  will  be  opened  on  the  3rd  of  January;  Holme-upon-Spalding-Moor,  York Yorkshire  shire Yorkshire  (head  office  from  which  served,  when  the  office  itself  is  not  a  head  office,  York)—the  money  order-office  will  be  opened  on  the  10th  of  January  ;  Nevrmills,  Derbyshire  (head  office  from  which  served,  when  the  office  itself  is  not  a  head  office,  Stockport)—the  money  order-office  will  be  opened  on  the  13th  of  January  ;  Schull,  county  of  Cork  (head  office  from  which  served,  when  the  office  is  not  a  head  office,  Skibbereen)—the  money  order-office  will  be  opened  on  the  Ist  of  January.  The  minor  money  order-office  at  Cross  Inn  is  now  served  with  its  money  order  advices  from  Llanelly  instead  of  Llandilo  ;  and  the  minor  money  order-office  at  Frampton-on-Severn,  from  Stonehouse  instead  of  Dursley.  The  minor  money  order-office  at  Padiham  is  served  with  its  money  order  advioes  from  Burnley,  and  not  from  Blackburn,  as  stated  in  instructions,  No.  53.  Money  order  advices  for  Stonehouse  must,  in  future,  be  addressed,  Stonehenge,  glencestershire."
