text
"WEST  DERBY  GUARDIANS  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  board  was  held  at  the  board-room,  yesterday,  the  Rev.  W.  Badnall,  the  chairman,  presided.  The  other  gentlemen  present  were—Messrs.  Mount&amp;ld,  Siddeley,  Bolshaw,  Batten,  Edwards,  Pitts,  Wensley,  Roberts,  Shaw,,,  Harrison,  Abrahams,  and  Lunt..  The  Clerk  read-  the  minutes  -of  the  last  meeting,  which  were  confirmed.  •  Fhe  Master  of  the  pospital  reported  that  therio  - STYLE=superscript  were  118  patients  in  the  hospital,  and  during  the  past  week  14  had  been  admitted,  and  l'2  had  been  discharged.  Last  week  the  number  of  patients  in  the  hospital  was  117,  and  for  the  corresponding  week  last  year  77.  '11;e  Master  of  the  Workhouse  reported  that  laSt  week  there  were  693  paupers  in  the  house,  since  which,  28  had  been  admitted,  32  discharged,;  this  week  there  were  668,  and  for  the  corresponding  week  of  the  previous  year  673.  Cheques  to  the  amount  uf  £226  ,were  voted  for  the  relief  ofthe  out-door  poor  within  the  several  townships  in  the  union.  Mr.  Cleaver  informed  the  board  that  by  a  letter,  this  morning  received  from  London,  he  had  ascertained  that  the  corporation  had  abandoned  their  scheme  for  the  extension  of  the  borough  of  which  they  had  given  The  Master  of  the  Hospital  reported  that,  amongst  other  things,  two  nurses  had  left  the  hospital  without  leave,  and  were  absent  from  the  ward  upwards  of  forty  minutes.  It  was  said  that  they  were  gone  to  register  two  deaths,  but  one  of  them  was  distinctly  told  she  was  not  to  go  until  the  following  .  morning,  but  she  stated  that  Mr.  Lister,  the  surgeon,  had  given  her  leave.  Mr.  Harrison  moved  that  the  nurse  - STYLE=superscript  be  discharged.  The  Chairman  :  Wbo  has  the  pOwer  of  giving  a  nurse  leave  to  go  out  ?  The  Clerk  :-  ,Mr.  Mann,  the  master  of  the  hospital,  has  sole  authority  in  that  establishment.  Mr.  Edwards  objected  to  the  dismissal  of  the  nurses,  and  could  . STYLE=superscript  not  believe  that  Mr:  'Lister  had  ever  given  permission.  The  Surgeon  pr  the  Hospital  stated  that  he  conceived  he  had  the  sole  right  to  have  the  cantronl•  of  the  nurses.  Mr.  Batten  argued  that  there  must  be  only  one  head  in  the  establishment,  and  that  the  proper  head  was  the  Mr.  Shaw,'  in  -  a  few  rambling  remarks,  touched  upon  various  matt  ers  totally  i  rreve  l  an  t  t  o  be  matter  under  discussion,  acc  usi  ng  t  h  e  gua  rdi  a  n  s  o  f  var  i  ous  irrecrularities,  .in  the  course  of  which  he  'was  repea repeateory  teory repeateory  corrected  in  hi  s  statements  by  other  guardians,  find  a  would  have  occurred  between  him  and  Mr.  Edwards,  had  not  the  chairman  imperatively  called  the  parties  to  order.  ,  .  ,  It  Ivas  decided  that  the  nurse  should  not  be  dismissed,  With  regard  to  the  other  point,.  whether  IVIr.:  Lister  had  the  authority  of  .  kiving,the  nurses  leaye.to  70.4  rut  of  he  himse,  it  was  statsd  by  the  clerk  that  Mr..  Lister  'and  'Marin  had  ;the  sole  had  no  stio'  h  rr  n  said  h  Mr.  Lister  and.Mig's  f  .ofr  thel  tracts  for  the  supply  of  an  immense  quantity  o  provi provisions  sions provisions  in  the  spring.  The  ar.ny  which  Fre,rce  is  to.  s;  into  the  Baltic  provinces  is  to  obtain'its  supplies  from  Sweden,  and  already  *  it  appears,  contracts  are  being  entered  into.  ,As  to  Sweden  herself,  it  appears  that  she.  is  making  extensive  warlike  preparations  in.  her  dna dnayards,  yards, dnayards,  but  it  is  asserted  that  her  army  is  neither  sa  numerous  nor  soeffiOen,t  as  could  be  desired,  The  litarqeillOs  telegraph,  today,  irifwarts  us  that  the  Paclia  of  Egypt  has  re-established  the  free  exportation  of  corn.,  owing  to  his  having  ascertained  that  the  harvest  will  be  sulacient  to  supply  the  people's  wants,  and  that  the  oomtni  , STYLE=superscript  ..sion  for  ,  cutting  through  th  e  I  st  h  mus  of  Sties.  had  terminated'im  inApections,  which  were  satisfactory.  Also,  that  General  Scarlett,  commander  of  I,he  EPglish  cavalry  in  the  Crime  a  ,  b  a  d  arrived  at  Malta,  on  his  way  to  France,  to,  as'  was  sippes4,  'attend  the  council  of  war  which  is  about  to  be  held  in  Paris."
