text
"Sin,—l,  for  one,  heartily  thank  you  for  showing  up  in  your  last  number  the  Great  Onslow  which,  take  it  all  in  all,  is  the  most  disgusting  bubble  of  the  day,  because,  in  addition  to  having  been  hatched  in  fraud  has  been  carried  on  in  hypocrisy  under  the  garb  of  philanthropy.  The  reports  which  you  have  published  make  known  that  the  Onslow  was  an  old  affair  which  had  been  abandoned  in  1847.  Why  ?  Clearly  because  it  was  worth  nothing.  It  was  at  first  called  Great  Mitchell  Con Consolidated  solidated Consolidated  Copper  of  which  it  was  agreed  to  sell  1000  shares  at  £3  each.  This  not  answering  the  purpose  of  the  projectors,  on  the  6th  of  March,  1851,  the  name  was  changed  to  the  Great  Onslow  Consolidated  and  in  January,  1852,  the  train  having  been  in  the  meanwhile  laid,  the  shares  were  increased  to  50,000,  of  which  10,000  or  as  many  as  were  likely  to  produce  £15,000,  were  sent  into  the  market  at  30s.  per  share.  By  June  1852  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  portion  of  this  sum  was  professedly  realised  ;  that  is,  if  the  accounts  kept  by  Messrs.  Bennett  and  Carr  were  any  way  near  the  truth;  I  don't  say  they  were;  but  such,  I  repeat,  was  the  profession  of  the  managers.  They  now  began  to  develope  their  design  upon  the  public.  In  that  month  they  declared  a  dividend  of  2s.  per  share  upon  the  50,000  shares,  amounting  to  £5,000,  while  at  the  time  not  an  ounce  of  copper  had  been  produced,  and  the  gross  receipts  (for  mundic)  amounted  only  to  £1,527  16s.  4d.,  the  outgoings,  besides  this  spurious  dividend,  amounting  to  thousands.  This  dividend  was  telegraphed  down  to  Liverpool;  fabri fabricated  cated fabricated  statements  of  imaginary  success  in  the  working  of  the  mines,  as  to  copper  and  silver  lead,  were  got  into  the  Daily  News,  by  what  means,  and  at  what  cost,  the  parties  con concerned  cerned concerned  best  know.  Of  course,  the  public  were  grossly  taken  in.  Shares  were  sold  at  a  lari  , STYLE=superscript  ,e  premium,  and  by  whom  they  were  chiefly  sold  may  .  be  readily  guessed;  that  is,  by  the  chief  operators  in  the  juggle.  The  accounts  establish  that  Messrs.  Bennett  and  Carr,  besides  their  other  pickings,  put  into  their  pockets  by  the  sham  dividend  out  of  the  capital,  £1,812.  Subsequently,  when  the  bubble  had  burst,  and  it  was  seen  that  there  was  no  copper,  nor  none  realiseable  for  years  to  come,  if  ever,  (see  Capt.  Vivian's  report,)  Messrs.  Bennett  and  Carr  were  constrained  to  relinquish  their  gripe  of  the  £1,812.  And  even  with  this,  Mr.  Begbie,  the  ac accountant  countant accountant  employed  to  investigate  the  affair,  by  order  of  a  general  meeting  held  at  Liverpool  last  August,  shows  that  the  amount  of  the  entire  receipts  for  sale  of  mundic  to  June  30,  1853,  a  year  after  the  dividend  was  made,  were  insufficient  to  make  up  the  amount  %of  the  dividend  by  £230  7s.  ld.,  notwithstanding  that  at  the  time  Messrs.  Bennett  and  Carr  had  the  face  to  assure  the  shareholders,  and  the  share-buying  public,  that  the  whole  £5,000  was  the  produce  of  the  mine  in  copper,  mundic,  &amp;c.,  no  copper  having  from  first  to  last  been  found  sufficient  to  make  up  change  for  a  silver  sixpence  !  On  the  general  account,  as  stated  by  Mr.  Begbie,  a  balance  is  carried  forward  in  favour  of  the  shareholders  to  the  nominal  amount  of  £2,616  16s.  10d.  But  as  there  was  no  bank  account,  and  the  books  were  withheld  by  Mr.  H.  Carr,  Mr.  Bennett's  coadjutor,  it  was  not  known  that  a  single  shilling  lay  in  store.  Taking  it  at  the  best,  the  pro  •  duct  of  the  1,000  shares  at  60s,  namely,  £3,000,  and  that  of  the  10,000  at  30s,  to  wit,  £15,000,  has  been  all  swallowed  up,  save  that  insignificent  sum,  and  those  who  were  trapped  into  taking  shares  at  first  at  par,  and  those  who  were  cheated  into  purchasing  subsequently  at  a  premium,  awoke  one  fine  morning  at  the  beginning  of  the  present  month,  when  the  report  of  Messrs.  Harrison  and  Hopkins  saw  the  light,  and  found  that  the  shares  which  they  had  flattered  themselves  were  a  little  fortune  were  no  better  than  waste  paper  !  There  was  a  meeting  at  Liverpool-on  Friday  arising  out  of  this  report.  I  did  not  attend.  I  was  too  much  disgusted,  and,  indeed,  felt  sure  that  by  going  I  should  throw  away  good  money  after  bad.  I  have,  however,  seen  a  copy  of  the  reso resolutions  lutions resolutions  said  to  have  been  passed  there.  It  is  enough.  Mr.  H.  Carr  is  banished  to  the  Red  Sea;  Mr.  Bennett  presided  !  !  The  mines  were  newly  constituted.  That  is,  were  drest  in  another  garb,  the  old  one  being  too  well  known.  The  share shareholders  holders shareholders  present  agreed  to  differ  as  little  as  possible.  Let  us,  said  one,  not  cry  st--0  6  fish.  The  advice  was  taken.  There  is  to  be  an  issue  ofnew  shares,  if  anybody  will  have  them  ;  and  the  b  es  t  o  f  th  e  j  o  k  e  i  s  that  1000  are  presented  to  Mr.  Bennett  for  his  great  and  faithful  services  and  the theprestige  prestige theprestige  of  his  name  !  !  How  Mr.  Harrison  and  Mr.  Hop Hopkins  kins Hopkins  could  agree  to  this  hocus-pocus  surpasses  My  power  of  comprehension.  But  whatever  the  gentlemen  who  assem assembled  bled assembled  at  Liverpool  on  Friday  may  fancy,  they  may  depend  upon  my  word  when  I  assure  them  that  the  public  are  wide  awake  The  secret  history  of  this  very  shameful  bubble  is  at  once  amusing  and  melancholy.  It  originated  in  a  back-room  behind  a  celebrated  biscuit  shop  in  the  Strand.  Here  the  plan  was  discussed  and  matured.  The  abandoned  old  mine  was  voted  to  be  a  California  of  wealth,—provided  the  Public  could  be  induced  to  bite.  Showy  offices  were  fitted  up  in  the  city  ;  and  at  the  west  end  one  of  the  operators  opened  a  splendid  mansion,  brilliantly  furnished,  and  plenti plentifully  fully plentifully  provided  with  gorgeously  arrayed  livered  servants.  Here  were  proofs  of  prosperity  !  If  the  Great  Onslow  Consolidated  produced  such  fine  things  for  B.  and  C.,  why,  of  course,  it  was  argued,  they  would  produce  similar  fine  things,  in  degree,  for  those  who  might  be  so  happy  as  to  Obtain  the  favour  of  a  grant  of  shares.  Yet,  somehow,  the  Londoners  were  not  to  be  had--  they  did  not  rush  in  crowds  for.  the  Great  Onslow  Consols  !  They  knew  Moorgate-street  pretty  well,  had  he  ar  d  o  f  C  a  p  e  l  C  ourt,  and  some  of  the  more  penetrating  i  had  got  scent  of  th  e  back backroom  room backroom  behind  the  biscuit  shop  n  the  Strand.  Well,  the  game  was,  Man  c  he  s  te  r  was  tr  i  e  d  ,  b  ut  was  found  wanting;  nobody  would  touch.  The  story  of  the  back  room  in  the  Strand,  had  evidently  been  told,  though  I  had  not  at  that  time  heard  of  it;  nor  had  I  heard  of  tran transactions  sactions transactions  of  a  similar  kind,  which  years  before  had  set  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  Exchange  in  an  uproa  r  ,  an  d  l  e  d  t  o  re  p  u  di  a  ti  on  an  d  expulsion,  thoug  the  whole  was  set  forth  at  the  time  in  the  Manchester  Guardian,  a  copy  of  which  I  will  send  you  in  a  few  days.  The  next  dodge  was,  Try  Liverpool  There,  by  dint  of  the  di  v  id  en  d,  the  Daily  News  paragraphs,  and  telegraphic  dispatches  of  discoveries  ,  of  lodes  of  copper,  a  tolerable  haul  of  flat-fish  was  secured.  Messrs  Bennett  and  Carr  appeared  in  the  full  bloom  of  affluence.  They  aLso  went  to  Carlisle,  I  remember.  They  were  there  hailed  as  beings  of  another  sphere.  They  attracted  a  literal  crowd  of  ones  at  the  Temperance.  A  few  days  after afterwards,  wards, afterwards,  I  met  with  a  friend  from  .Carlisle,  who  was  present  ;  he  was  in  raptures,  and  considered  his  fortune  made.  He  described  to  me  the  proceedings.  Mr.  Bennett  presided  ;  Mr  Carr  displayed  a  gold  chain—quite  a  set-off  to  the  thing  worn  by  the  mayor  of  your  city  when  he  wishes  to  look  par particularly  ticularly particularly  magnificent.  The  Great  Onslow  was  expounded  in  rapturous  terms  ;  shares  were  doled  out  as  an  especial  benediction;  and  those  who  could  not  obtain  all  •  they  wanted  of  tNat  splendid  undertaking  were  graciously  accommodated  with  any  number  of  at  £2  per  share,  or  were  offered  slices  of  Penquean  Slate  at  £3  each.  My  informant  told  me  that  none  but  particular  friends  were  admitted  to  this  meeting;  it  was  almost  exclusively,  if  not  wholly'so  a  It  wa  s  proposed  by  ,in  astrainoiedifving-piety  and  phi philanthropy,  lanthropy, philanthropy,  thatagiven  number  ofshares  should  be  secured  for  the  local  public  charitable  institutions,  which  might,  he"
