text
"LOSS  OF  THE  DALHOUSII  The  facts  that  have  now  come  to  light  respecting  the  loss  of  the  Dalhousie,  sho  wthat  the  melancholy  occurrence  is  solely  attributable  to  the  vessel  being  top-heavy,  and  also  crank,  from  the  stowage  or  shifting  of  the  cargo,  The  ship,  it  is  now  confirmed,  lurched  over,  and  lay  on  her  beam  ends  for  about  twenty  minutes  before  she  sank.  When  in  this  state,  Captain  Butterworth  was  busy  in  getting  the  deck-load,  and  other  top-hamper,  thrown  overboard  ;  and  it  is  surprising  that  he  did  not,  at  the  same  time,  think  of  cutting  away  the  masts.  Had  this  been  done,  it  would,  in  all  probability,  have  saved  the  vessel,  while  the  masts  themselves  would  have  made  a  raft  on  which  some  lives  might  have  been  saved.  It  is  the  belief  that  the  ship  did  not  sink  through  leakage,  or  from  having  a  quantity  of  water  in  her.  She  may  have  had  a  little,  which,  of  course,  would  keep  her  on  her  beam-ends,  when  she  took  the  heavy  lurch  which  it  is  described  prevented  her  recovering  herself.  The  master  and  crew  of  the  Willian  of  Exeter  (the  schooner  which  neared  the  wreck,  but  could  give  no  aid)  have  published  a  statement  in  exculpation  o  f  th  e  i  r  conduct.  reason  of  the  distance  we  were  from  them,  wo  erella  ',vendor  thorn  na  cusaiatancc  whatover,  the  bea  at  this  time  making  clean  breeches  over  our  little  vessel,  being  only  119  tons  and  heavily  laden  with  coals.  After  keeping.  the  vessel's  head  to  the  N.  and  E.  for  half  an  h  our  ,  an  d  finding  we  could  be  of  no  service  whatever,  drifting  as  we  were  on  a  lee  shore,  we  consulted  together,  when  it  was  determined  (after  having  done  everything  in  our  power  to  save  life)  for  our  own.  preservation  and  that  of  the  ship,  to  steer  our  course  down  Channel,  and  you  may  rest  assured  it  was  with  anything  but  enviable  feelings,  haring  witnessed  such  a  calamity  and  unable  to  render  our  fellow  -creatures  the  least  assistance.';  GOVERNMENT  INCOME  FROM  RAILWAYS.—By  the  return  of  Mr.  W.  Williams,  on  the  public  income  and  ex expenditure,  penditure, expenditure,  recently  issued,  it  is  shown  that  ix  the  year  ended  the  6th  of  January,  the  payments  to  the  revenue  by  railways  amounted  to  £280,144.  It  is  rumoured  that  an  eminent  Wesleyan  minis minister,  ter, minister,  of  great  talent,  and  who  is  a  D.D.,  is  about  to  secede  from  the  body.—  Wolverhampton  Herald.  The  total  number  of  penny  newspaper  stamps  annually  consumed  is  about  80  millions,  viz.,  654  millions  are  taken  by  England,  74  millions  by  cotland,  and  less  than  64  millions  by  Ireland—the  English  portion  being  divided  into  471  millions  for  the  London,  and  18  millions  for  the  provincial  papers.  The  number  of  newspapers  posted  in  London  alone  is  700,000  weekly,  or  upwards  of  40  mil millions  lions millions  yearly.  INTEREST  ON  EnCHEQUER-BILLS.—It  appears  from  a  late  return  that  in'the  year  ended  the  sth  of  January  last,  the  interest  paid  by  the  Government  on  Exchequer-bills  amounted  to  £403,652.  Considerable  quantities  of  Spanish  cattle  are  now  introduced  into  France  through  Bayonne,  in  consequence  of  the  great  reduction  in  the  entrance  duty.  Two  large  droves  passed  through  the  town  last  week,  and  others  are  announced,  The  prices  of  cattle  have  in  consequence  fallen  considerably  in  the  fairs  in  the  neighbourhood.  THE  CHOLERA  AT  GATESHEAD.--HUMILIATION._  Yesterday  was  observed  in  the  borough  of  Gateshead  as  a  day  of  solemn  thanksgiving  for  the  mitigation  of  the  pesti pestilence  lence pestilence  within  that  town.  The  churches  were  open  for  wor worship,  ship, worship,  and  the  alms  of  the  benevolent  and  pious  were  ga gathered  thered gathered  for  the  widows  and  orphans  left  by  the  visitation  of  the  chola%  When  was  an  Wire  gesgatiu  9:  bwineag."
