text
"'THE  LETTERPRESS  PRINTERS  OP  LIVER  them  at  the  present  impo  rtantlie'  profession,  to  address  you,  with  a  view  tu  in  endeavouring  to  uphold  the  tights  of  labou  It  is  to  be  regretted  that  we  have  among  tt,  pool,  men  who,  in  dealing  with  those  in  their  Trade  Regulation,  whilst,  on  the  other  hand,  the  me STYLE=superscript  eTS  ri  diu  cf  the  newspapers  print,  d  h  v  rho  n.  '  he STYLE=superscript  r  .1.-  •-._  _.  .  Df  Liver-  employ,  violate  every  through  _  •.......eais  or  he  sons  of  toil.  men  by  th  it  actions,  and  not  by  the  utterance  they  may  ~.  min  sentiment,,  we  r  , STYLE=superscript  spectfully  make  this  appeal  to  Out  workmen,  and  call  upon  them  to  sliew  their  utter  contempt  of  such  hYPocritica  cant,  b  y  ceasing  to  purchase  newspapers  not  found  in  the  subjoined  list.  We  feel  confident  that  by  adotiting  the  course  we  recommend,  you  can  afford  us  invaluaitle  aid,  in  our  endeavours  to  overthrow  that  Vassar  which  -s  eks  to  reduce  the  b  f  ro'ession  to  the  „mem  ,ers  ?  ....  our  p  condi  on  of  serfs.  -  '  i....  ,  Our  hope  ix  that  you  will  see  the  propriety  of  cheerfully  acceding  olir  proposition,  i  RAIIIUCh  us  we  do  not  call  upon  you  to  make  any  sacrifice,  neither  debar  y  0  ,  fr,m  purchaSing,  at  a  cheap  rate,  the  .  g  ia  l  e  v  w  en  s  o  f  f  the  day;  for  in  the  list  appended  hereto  ample  room  in  ,r  election,  the  proprietors  of  which,  we  have  pleasure  1  4 STYLE=superscript  `  4 STYLE=superscript  l'  n STYLE=superscript  g.  act  up  to  the  Rules  that  we  hare  adopted  for  our  guidance,  yaotitto  warieuttelrleinfogriey‘vgiovr:.hy  of  your  warmest  support,  which  we  trust  We  have  on  former  occasions  called  your  attention  to  the  course  !•nnetel  by  some  Trade  and  Benefit  Societies,  in  giving  their  work  to  those  employers  who  pay  very  low  wages,  or  employ  boy  labour  in  the  execution  of  their  work.  We  are  not  ignorant  of  the  favourite  $  ittaatettnent  used  by  many  of  the  working  classes  with  regard  to  this  t  Tent  that  the  work  so  done  is  at  a  cheap  rate.  This  we  consider  c  a STYLE=superscript  ti  f  e  allacY,  in  tis  inferiority  of  workmanship  is  no  proof  of  aids  a STYLE=superscript  r  P;:ess  But  supposing  such  to  be  the  case,  we  ask  you  to  con.  b  k STYLE=superscript  many  of  your  fellow  -workmen  you  are  causing  to  suffer  yan  endeavour  to  save  a  trifling  sum;  and  further,  the  amount  of  R STYLE=superscript  UPPOrt  you  gthe  to  thos  e  employers  who  are  antagonistic  to  our  vdvaneement,  ResPectfidly  calling  your  careful  attention  to  the  foregoing,  We  remain  on  behalf  of  the  'Lade,  JOSEPH  ASHTON,  President.  WILLIAM  GOODIES,  Vice-President.  WILLIAM  JONES,  Secretary.  As  we  judge  o."
