text
"STEAM  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL  AND  GLASGOW  The  Glasgow  and  Liverpool  Royal  Steam  eof  •  packet  Company's  riwerful  Steam-ship  we...  PRINCESS  ROYAL,  *tn.  Captain  J.  M'Cummy  ;  is  intended  to  sail  as  under:—  Unless  prevented  by  some  unforeseen  occurrence,  From  CLARENCE  DOCK,  LIVERPOOL.  PRINCESS  —.Thursday  ....Jan  SI,  at  36  o'clock,  Afternoon  PRINCESS  ....Toesday  , STYLE=superscript  Feh  5,  at  10  o'clock,  slor  ,  ing  PRINCESS  Saturday  ....  Feb  9,  at  1  o'clock,  Afternoon  PRINCESS  Thursday  ....  Feb  14,  at  4  o'clock,  Afternoon  PRINCESS  ....Tuesday  Fels  19,  at  9  o'clock,  Evening  PRINCESS  ....Saturday  Feb  '23,  at  12  o'clock,  Noon  PRINCESS  ....Thursday  Feb  28,  at  3  o'clock,  Afternoon  N.B.—Goods  for  shipment  must  be  alongside  the  vessel  one  hour  before  appointed  time  of  sailing.  Fares  .—Cabin,  including  Steward's  Fee,  1.55.;  Steerage,  Gs.  Servants  i  Cabin,  Full  Fare  ROBERT  LAMONT,  17,  Water-street,  Liverpool  On  Wednesday  last,  Cardinal  Wiseman  wag  elected  a  member  of  the  Royal  Society  of  Literature.  MR.  MACAVLAT;B  Firrit  VOLUME:—The  fifth  volume  of  Mr.  Macaulay's  History  of  has  been  com committed  mitted committed  to  the  printer.—Edinburgh.  Express  .  .  A  sword  or  honour  has  been  presented  by  the  inhabi inhabitants  tants inhabitants  of  Beaumaris  to  Lieutenant  Hampton,  of  the  sth  Dragoon  Guards,  who  attained  his  majority  on  Wednes Wednesdav  dav Wednesdav  last.  PRINCE  ALBERT'S  VISIT  TO  TILE  CAMP  AT  ALDERSHOTT  —On  Monday  morning,  Prince  Albert  and  the  Dula  formed  camp  at  Aldershott.  THE  TURKISH  LOAN.—Constantlnople  letters  of  the  14th  state  that  an  understanding  has  been  come  to  between  the  Minister  of  War  and  the  commission  charged  to  con control  trol control  the  outlay  of  the  loan.  A  letter  from  Rome,  of  Ow  earl  labour.  The  signs  which  precede  a  violent  eruption  or(  Vesuvius  is  in  eached  without  'danger,  but  at  present  any  ifled  with  the  sulphurous  odour,  and  the  CoN'stliPTION  OF  SMOKE  r  Associa-  t  Ne  wcastl  -on-Tyne,  are  preparing  a  boiler  to  test  he  various  designs  sent  in  to  compete  for  the  £5OO  prize  Iffered  by  the  assocjation  for  the  effectual  consumption  of  ,woke,  with  a  due  regard  to  the  economy  of  fuel:  A  great  lumber  of  plans  have  beta  offered,  and  tho  experiments  are  Apected  to  be  very  interesting.  TILE  EDINBURGH  ELECTION.—The  supporters  of  Mr.  Black  have  been  very  active  since  the  meeting  on  Tuesday  in  canvassing  the  city.  The  lion.  Mr.  Bruce  (Lord  Elgin's  brother).  who  wns  the  unsuccessful  Conservative  candidate  it  the  election  of  1852,  but  who  polled  1,068  votes,  is  in  town,  and  the  party  have  not  abandoned  their  intention  of  bringing  him  forward.  Our  (Scottish  Press)  own  opinion  is  that  Mr.  Black  will  walk  the  course.  The  Correctional  Police  of  Lyons  on  Thursday  had  to  try  three  men  for  being  concerned  in  introducing  seditious  publications  into  France.  It  was  clearly  proved  that  the  prisoners  had  been  all  engaged  in  having  the  publications  in  question,  amongst  which  was  the  Letter  of  Felix  Pyatt  to  the  Queen  of  brought  from  Geneva  in  a  cask  with  double  bottom,  and  the  court  sentenced  them  respectively  to  six,  three,  and  two  months'  imprisonment.  THE  NAVY  ESTIMATR;.—The  number  of  men  to  be  voted  for  the  fleet,  in  the  forthcoming  naval  estimates,  is  76,000,  ireluding  10,000  boys  and  16,000  marines.  The  number  voted  last  year  was  a  total  of  70,000.  The  increase  in  this  year's  estimates  is  6000  men  and  officers,  to  complete  the  complements  of  the  gun  and  mortar  boats,  the  expense  of  whose  wages  will  be  about  £273,000,  and  about  £140,000  for  victualling,  making  a  total  increase,  under  this  a  head  of  the  war  service,  of  about  £413,000,  THR  ROBBERY  OF  'FHB  LICHFIELD  BANK.—OR  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  afternoon,  William  Lawton,  a  clerk  in  the  bank  of  Messrs.  Palmer  and  Green,  of  Lichfield,  at  the  time  the  bank  suspended  payment,  was  brought  up  on  remand  before  the  magistrates  of  Lichfield.  Lawton  had  been  a  confiden confidential  tial confidential  clerk  in  the  bank  for  35  years;  the  greater  part  of  Vaat  period  at  a  salary  of  4001.  per  annum.  About  ten  days  atter  the  stoppage  of  the  bank  occurred,  he  made  a  confes confession  sion confession  of  the  fact  of  his  having  embezzled  between  seven  and  eight  thousand  pounds,  the  greater  part  of  it  by  ro•issuing  notes  which  were  considered  to  have  been  cancelled.  Upon  this  statement  being  made  ho  was  taken  into  custody.  In  defence,  the  prisoner  merely  remarked  that  his  admission  of  his  crime  was  voluntary.  He  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions.  Tip;  STEAMER  BELOIC  .  I  II STYLE=superscript  E.—SOUTHAMPTON,  Jan.  25.  —  This  new  screw  steamship  returned  to  Southampton  last  night,  having  left  this  port  for  New  York  on  the  Gth  inst.  The  Beleinue.  as  is  already  known.  is  the  n;finp.rr  a  n  line  •  of  steam  vmels  from  Belgium  via  Southampton  to  America,  to  be  followed  by  other,  now  in  course'  of  construction.  She  sailed  from  this  port  on  Sunday  morning  the  6th  instant.  There  were  then  on  board  one  first  class  passenger,  eight  second,  and  twenty  tout  steerage,  or  third  class,  passengers.  At  4  o'clock  in  the  afternoon  o  f  -11  ~no  tonowit;,,  ....0  tscigique  Was  compelled  to  put  into  Plymouth,  it  being  found  that  the  vessel  Was  leaky  and  the  pumps  choked.  Besides  thu  fact  of  the  vessel  having  wayoverea  that  one  of  the  boilers  was  burnt  out,  and  that  the  foremast  and  mainninst  had  both  settled.  The  passengers  state  their  entire  satisfaction  at  the  conduct  pursued  on  board  the  vessel,  and  they  era  now  at  this  port,  anxiously  waiting  an  .  ,  .  rni  -  —_  ....---  ...  ..1e  woman  w..  ~,  .  1  ,,  c  is  to  be  discharged  at  Southampton,  and  the  -  Pledged  it.  On  further  inquiry  it  appeared  that  the  boys  vessel  will  go  into  the  dry  doek  for  repairs.  step-father  illtreatcd  him,  and  used  to  turn  him  out  at  night  Tut  Eaten  Rae  or  TIIE  FRENCH.—  The  pregnancy  of  the  to  fled  lodgings  where  he  could.  On  Tuesday  night  the  lad  Etnpress  of  the  French  is  an  event  scarcely  second  to  any  was  sleeping  in  a  potty,  and  whilst  there  the  owner  of  the  of  the  present  age  In  importance,  not  only  to  the  desti-  watch  went  into  the  place  and  fell  asleep.  The  boy  then  took  nies  of  Fr  a  nce,  b  u  t  to  the  interests  of  Europe  and  the  his  watch  and  gave  it  to  tho  female  prisoner,  who  told  him  world  at  la  r  g  e  .  Sinister  rumours  have  been  set  afloat  in  she  had  obtained  only  10s.  on  it.  instead  of  a  £l.  The  boy's  mother  cam  e  f  orwar  d  ,  an  d  admitted  that  her  husband  tr  ea  t  e  d  Patin  by  those  disaffected  to  the  Buonapartist  dynasty  and  it  is  in  the  highest  degree  imperative  that  the  gesta-  him  badly,  but  if  ho  was  now  given  up  to  her,  she  would  take  lion  of  her  Imperial  Majesty,  and  the  birth  of  a  di  rec  t  every  care  of  him  in  future.  The  request  was  granted,  and  heir  to  the  empire,  should  receive  the  hi  g  h  es  t  sc  i  ent  ifi  c  the  female  prisoner  was  tent  to  jail  for  two  months.  attention,  and  be  watched  with  the  greatest  and  most  lIIJUGLADY  AND  RODBERr—Three  young  perso  ns  ,  name  d  impartial  assiduity.  We  alluded  to  this  subject  in  the STYLE=superscript  William  Jones,  Thomas  Green,  and  Arnie  Barnes,  wore  last  number  of  the  Lanree  ;  and  we  are  informed  on  good  charged  with  h  av  i  ng  committed,  or  being  conce  rn  ed  i  n,  a  authority,  that  Dr.  Locock  wishes  it  to  b  e  ment  i  otie  d,  burglary  and  robbery  in  the  house  of  Mr.  Matthew  Nesbitt,  a  that  certain  of  the  points  referred  to  by  our  publican,  residing  at  the  corner  of  Rupert-street,  Brownlow.  are  not  entirely  corteet.  The  E  m  p  ress  was  i  n  hill.  Mr.  Bluck  appeared  f  o  r  the  prisoner  Green.  It  this  county  in  April  last,  and  we  believe  1)r.  Lo  coc  k  wa  s  appeared  that  shortly  after  twelve  o'clock  on  Saturday  night,  consulted  at  that  time  ;  anti  he  was  subsequently  sum.  Mr.  Nesbitt  went  to  bed,  leaving  the  house  all  secure.  mould  to  the  palace  of  the  Tuileries.  Th  .  Empr  ess  time  between  that  and  half  pint  nine  o'clock  (when  he  Eugenie  did  not  become  pregnant  until  the  last  week  in  up)  next  morning,  th  , STYLE=superscript  house  had  been  br  g  , STYLE=superscript  le  t  n  ,  a  i  n  n  d  to,  lie  an  c  d  au  l  l  a STYLE=superscript  the  q STYLE=superscript  bar.  a STYLE=superscript  :  S  o STYLE=superscript  o  f STYLE=superscript  i  i  ' STYLE=superscript  le  t  a STYLE=superscript  i  i STYLE=superscript  t  . STYLE=superscript  1  9 STYLE=superscript  1  13  c STYLE=superscript  i  i STYLE=superscript  il  t  a STYLE=superscript  c  i STYLE=superscript  t  ' STYLE=superscript  .  .  two  o  a STYLE=superscript  ci  ( STYLE=superscript  o  )' STYLE=superscript  e  o  'clock  and  dn  whiskey,Sa  rida  June.  an  iih  he  D  t  hrie.  n  Loactot  attended  a  s;  d  a  s  a  fi  first  consultationcosu  lted  o  i  r  n  d  this  isti  n  c  g  o  t  u  i  i  i  i  i  htreyti  intaken  i  p  i  f  ,  r  e  o  r  n  ,  physicians  and  surgeons  i  u  Paris  before  that  auspicious  morning,  police  o  ffi  cer  7til  was  on  duty  in  Chrivian  street  event  occurred.  Dr.  L  oco  ck  has  not  vet  been  re  q  u  es  t  e  d  whea  he  saw  the  two  male  prisoners  go  out  of  Islington  into  , STYLE=superscript  accouclurent  or  the  eon.  that  street.  Ile  suspected  all  was  not  ti  ght,  a STYLE=superscript  l  p STYLE=superscript  l  p STYLE=superscript  f.  r STYLE=superscript  ,  o STYLE=superscript  h  a STYLE=superscript  :  l STYLE=superscript  l  l STYLE=superscript  l  i STYLE=superscript  ;s  g STYLE=superscript  not,  tharFror.  declined  to  hold  of  Jones,  on  whom  ho  found  a  bottle  of  whisk,  g STYLE=superscript  t  s  o  or  a  t  tt  o  e  f  ri  N  d  a  a  p  t  ol  t  e  h  o  e  n  ido  an  1  '  two  pounds  in  France.  for  am,  of  of  cigar,,  tobacco,  and  copper  money,  and  ey,  a  presence  should  be  of  sugar.  Omen  got  awsy,  but  ttai  sutoeiinently  against  his  attendance,  hot  it  his  arrested,  called  for,  we  do  not  tee  why  Dr  .  Lueoek  should  refuse  along  with  the  girl,  in  a  hobs°  in  Ben  Jonson  street,  and  in  There  nre  reasons  - STYLE=superscript  of  state,  his  !wry  Ices.—Lumel.  the  bed  where  they  were,  the  police  discovered  cigars,  tobacco,  and  some  Copper  mo  similar  to  that  stolen  from  the  shop  laving  some  of  Mr.  Nesbitt—the  coin  taken  being  peculiar,  farthings  and  brass  pieces  amongst  it,  and  it  was  exactly  like  Mr.  Bluck  contended  that  the  evidence  lot  sufficient.  The  prisoners  were  old  what  was  stolen  against  Green  was  Marine  Department,  Whitehall,  26th  January,  18  50 STYLE=superscript  -  I  am  directed  by  the  Lords  of  the  Coto-  Council  for  Trade  to  acknowledge  the.  receipt  of  your  letters  of  :the  22n1  and  23rd  instant,  witlu  their  inclosures,  and  to  reply  as  follows  :  As  regards  the  fees  in  the  case  of  the  Pied-neat'  the  receipt  of  your  former  letter,  my  Lords  inquired  of  Mr.  Chapman  why  he  had  not  returned  them  to  you,  a  he  replied  that  they  were  lying  at  his  office  ready  to  be  returned  upon  their  being  applied  for  ;  and  my  Lord  s STYLE=superscript  thereupon  informed  Mr.  Chapman  that  it  was  his  duty  to_  have  repaid  the  amount  forthwith.  Mr.  Chapma  n STYLE=superscript  ne STYLE=superscript  y_  states  that  as  the  master  of  the  mad  e STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  deposit,  it  is  only  to  him  that  they  can  be  returned.  As  regards  the  Mr.  Chapman  has  m  ade STYLE=superscript  ty's  theatre,  report,  copy  of  which  is  annexed.  a STYLE=superscript  -  ,  3  having  been  convicte  Worship  fully  committed  the  three  for  trial  THE  HORSE  TRlCK.—Charles  Williams,  who  had  be(  remanded  on  a  charge  of  conspiracy  (with  another  person  not  custody)  for  defraudilur  a  farmer,  named  Woods  out  of  :me  appeared  on  ial  evidence,  and  £lO,  Was  brought  up  ,  wo  former  oceasior  ADMIRALTY  DROITS  DECISION  OF  THE  BOARD  OF  TRADE  ON  THE  RARITAN  Office  of  Committee  of  Privy  Council  for  Trade,  the  other  man  was  not  forthcomir  Le  pram  re  about  to  enter  Mr.  Hepworth  Dixon  3  rumour  hLs  it)  Mr.  Lum  Ld  the  thea theaitchell,  itchell, theaitchell,  and  mith  great  ace,  but  do  From  this  Report  alone  my  Lords  think  it  ch  was  not  a  case  in  which  the  receiver  had  a  right  to  in  fere  or  to  charge  fees,  and  he  has  been  informed  a  am,  G:ntlemen,  your  obediet  (Signed)  To  J.  Bromic  particularly  )s  stationed  servant,  T.  H.  FARV  '-Mooro  and  Co.,  Liverpool.  YESTERDAY'S  MARKETS  ..-......,....---.  LIVERPOOL  CORN—This  morning's  market  thinly  attended,  and,  though  the  trade  opened  with  s  degree  of  firmness,  the  demand  for  any  artkle  Ns?'  few  purch  bushel,  but,  with  a  cessation  of  ev  limited  consumptive  demand,  holders  showed  more  disr:  sition  to  press  sales,  and  would  readily  have  accept  c STYLE=superscript  larger  reduction  from  the  general  values  of  this  day  we  t STYLE=superscript  :'&#34;  Flour  is  reduced  is  6d  per  sack  and  barrel  respectivell.,  and  scarcely  anything  done.  We  have  very  little  ba  rl STYLE=superscript  %  here,  and  the  rates  are  quite  nominal.  Egyptian  bean  s STYLE=superscript  6d  per  qr  cheaper  on  the  week.  Oats  must  be  quoted.  '—  per  bushel,  and  oatmeal  Is  per  load  lower,  each  bell  almbst  without  an  inquiry.  The  large  amount  of  Inal  corn  on  sale,  from  the  fresh  arrivals,  causes  considera  b STYLE=superscript  le STYLE=superscript  a STYLE=superscript  ',  st  depression  in  this  branch  of  the  trade  ;  buyers  are  even  tempted  with  a  fall  of  2s  6d  per  qr,  and  the  highe,  s STYLE=superscript  ,  o  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  quotable  value  of  mixed  American  is  not  over  37s  per  °,  lbs  to-day;  white  Indian  corn  is  reduced  in  a  grea;  degree,  the  market,  until  now,  having  been,  for  a  time,  comparatively  bare  of  this  description.  Arri  va; STYLE=superscript  e,  from  the  22nd  to  the  28th  January,  1856,  inclusive.---rj  t  ,  land  :  Wheat,  1066  qrs  ;  barley,  90  qrs  ;  malt,  78  qrs  ;  e  7605  qrs  ;  beans,  43  qrs;  Indian  corn,  20  qrs  ;  0atna.,433.  11293  sacks  ;  flour,  1647  sacks.  Co  as  t  w  i  se:  Wheat,  :  at  ,„  qrs  ;  barley,  180  qrs  ;  malt,  400  qrs;  oa  t  s  ,  467  qrs  ;  %  t  o  meal,  217  sacks  ;  flour,  73  sacks.  Canada,  &amp;c.:  Wheat,  Sfio  qrs.  United  States:  Wheat,  9719qrs  ;  Indian  corn,  2 STYLE=superscript  2.;  qrs;  Indian  corn  meal,  1050  brls  ;  flour,  1876  1 STYLE=superscript  T,,  0  Europe,  &amp;c..  Wheat,  1600  vs;  pease,  2230  qrs  ;  Inl  corn,  1200  qrs  ;  flour,  3370  sacks.  Egypt:  Wheati;  qrs  ;  beans,  2834  qrs  ;  Indian  corn,  650  qrs.  Into  ;  corn,  Oatmeal,  980  sacks.  T  o  t  a  l  :  Wh  eat  ,  29,497  cl  r STYLE=superscript  o,  I  barley,  270  qrs  ;  malt,  478  q  rs  ;  oa  t  s,  8  0  72  qrs;  beta'  2877  qrs;  pease,  2230  qrs.;  Indi  an  corn,  23670  qrs:  nn,:ogo  corn  meal,  1050  brls  ;  oatmeal,  12493  sacks  ;  flour,  sacks,  18761  brls.  Exports  from  22nd  to  28th  Jan.  , STYLE=superscript  I STYLE=superscript  °`':&#34;'.  inclusive.—Foreign  Parts  :  Barley,  29  qrs  ;  malt,  28  0 STYLE=superscript  (I STYLE=superscript  Ti  oats,  56  qrs;  pease,  75  qrs  ;  oatmeal,  146  sacks  flou  r STYLE=superscript  V6  qrs.  ;  pease,  50  qrs  ;  Indi  an  corn  ,  4418  qrs;  brls.  Ireland:  Wheat,  663  qr  s  ;  ma  l  t,  23  0  qrs  ;  neans'942  flour,  1  9  sacks,  150  brls.  Coastwise  :  Wheat,  75  qrs  •  bade''  , STYLE=superscript  -„  qrs  ;  malt,  6  qrs  ;  beans,  40  qrs;  I  n  di  an  corn  1  5  qrs  ;  03  meal,  10  sacks;  flour,  167  sacks,  191  brls.  R.  Kum;  &amp;  5°  5 STYLE=superscript  ,  9. STYLE=superscript  10  LONDON  PRODUCE.—Sugar  :  There  is  no  the  market,  and  the  sales  so  far  have  gone  rather  eas  i  e STYLE=superscript  w  re  .  Coffee  :  Quiet;  public  sales  ar  e  p  rocee  di  ng  a  t  about  P  o  f  vious  :rates.  Tea:  Dull  ;  more  sellers  than  buyers„  i  common  congou  at  90.  Rice  :  500  bags  middling  o STYLE=superscript  °  3 STYLE=superscript  'ol  sold  at  13s  to  13s  61,  being  a  shade  lower.  Saltpetre  1250  bags  Bengal  only  a  small  :quantity  .  sold  at  Pre  °l STYLE=superscript  °,o.  rates;  350  bags,Madras,  refr  ac  ti  on  9  t  o  1  7  per  cent.,  s sat STYLE=superscript  at sat  27s  to  28s.  OR  B  N  ar  r  ey  W  v  h  e  e  ry  at  fi  :  r  T  m  r  .  ad  ß  e  e  d  an  ul  s  l  ;  Tartabdaeriealyreismw,  week's  LEE STYLE=superscript  D STYLE=superscript  ra  S STYLE=superscript  tes  C STYLE=superscript  .  let  and  oats  at  late  rates.  jot;  DUBLIN  CORN.—A.  very  small  supply;  dull  mom'  and  little  done  at  a  d  ec  li  ne  i  n  w  h  eat  and  barley.  market  was  inactive  for  everything,  and  nothing  done  Indian  corn.  CORK  PROVISION.—INhIte  wheat,  37s  6d  to  395  :  re  36s  ;  barley.  ;  oats.  13s  2d  ;  pork,  40s.  CORK  BUTTER.—Firsts,  204,  114  s;  Se  c  onds,  61,  i  •  •  Thirds,  129,  99s  ;  Fo  ur  th  s  ,  10  0,  90s  ;  Fifths,  21,  Sixths,  7,70  s.  1133;  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE  LIVERPOOL,  JANUArtY  3o  WIND  YESTERDAY—West  North-west,  Ff  !GE!  WATER—Morn.,  4  14  —Eveg.  4  37—Height,  %RIVED.  Jan.  28  rerorted  .  dventure.  Benin—Fa'con.  Ceara—Jong  (n(  t.  J  Sl  o  7:e  n  f  ,  ,  , STYLE=superscript  N  un  .B  l  .  l.2  m  d.  ayo  J  i  a  tt  n  in  2  ew  ,.—  ba  n  t  o  g  .  t  e  es  t  ).  Belfast.  Ne  n  MAO'  A  r STYLE=superscript  :e.  —Go  'am  - STYLE=superscript  11  a,  Pernambuco  Jam,lca  1:  yank  enle.  Al;ie  —Fort  George,  Calcut  r  f  3  , STYLE=superscript  ltish  Eto;lre'  was  pro  d  Ze  bYr,..12"
