text
"TURKEY.  The  Paris  Journal  Patric  has  a  Constantinople.  letter:  of  29th,  ..stating  that  the  Turkish  fleet  had  chased  some  Russian  vessels  and  driven  theminto  SabaStopol-=they  were  a  flotilla  of  gun  boats,  - STYLE=superscript  .  •  It  is  stated  that.  in  the  CauCasus  the  Russians  were  driven  three  leagues  from  their  position  and  the  Turks  now  occupy  the  Russian  frontier.  PARIS,  SATURDAY,---7Bourse  very  firm,  consider considering  ing considering  the  state  of  affairs,  but  the  circula  tion STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  a STYLE=superscript  re report, STYLE=superscript  port, report,  by  Russian,  agents,  that  the  Turks  had  been  completely  routed,  caused  a  decline.  Four  and  a-half  per  cents  closed  901  ;  threes,.  73.55.  On  Sunday  threes  done  73:50.  The  Paris  Correspondent  of  the  Tunes  writes,  On-  Saturday  thatureport  was  current  in  political  circles  that  the  Turks  had  been  compelled  to,  reeioss  the  Danube,  With  immense  loss,  having  been  defeated  under  the  walls  of  Bucharest,  by  Gortschakoff,  with  whOM  Darmenberg  had  formed  a  junction.  Ou  enquiring  in  a  quaff  ter  generally  Well Wellinformed,  informed, Wellinformed,  the  writer  was  told  that  a  private  tele telegraphic  graphic telegraphic  despatch  was'  said  to  have  been  received,  and  that  no  such  news  had  been  obtained  in  official  quarters.  The  report  had  met  with  a  certain  degree  of  credit.  The  article  in  the  Moniteur,  in  reply  to  the  Emperor  of  Russia's  - STYLE=superscript  manifesto,  hds  created  great  sensation  in  Paris.  The.  Paris  Cot  - STYLE=superscript  respondent  of  the  Chronicle  states  that  the  French  (i-oernment  received  on  Friday  night  a  telegraphic  despatch  from  its  Consul  at  Bucharest,  announcing  a  serious  engagement  - STYLE=superscript  in  Le  neighbourhdod  of  that  place;  in  witich,  says  the  despatch,  `.`  the  Russians  attribute  to  themselves  the  ,  FALMOUTH,  SCDII7.  •  Arrived  of  the  Rusian  frigate  Diana,  52  gufts,  from  the:.Baltie,  and  after  landing  two  pilots,  aiid  despatches  for  the  Russian  minister  in  Louden,  proceeded  westward.  .  ''  '  •-•  -  The  Times,  of  to-day,  in  a  Jeading  articlC,  attacks  the  liusian.manifeato  in  detail,  concluding  with'  a  remark,  that  the  verdictof  the  world  upon  it  may  be  safely  anticipated-  -•  LIVERPOOL  - STYLE=superscript  MARKETS.  -YESTERDAY.  •  Written  .  expressly  for  the  •  Northern  .Daily  SuGAu.  —Rather  a  better  feeling  has  prevailed  „in  the  market  to-day,  and  prices  have  been  realised  not  previously  obtainable.  The  sales  consists  . STYLE=superscript  of  140  lihds  Barbadoes,  at  32s  to  395,;  5  .  00  bags  white  .Benares,  at  37s  6d  to  405.64;  and  450  bags  Dates,,at  33s  to  33s  6th  •  •  Of  Molasses  80  puncheons  St.  Lucia  have  been  taken  at  15s  6d  t  Cwt.  _  .  - STYLE=superscript  A  small  lot  of  Deinerara  Rum  is  also  reported  at  pfevions  utes.  Large  sales  continue  to  be  - STYLE=superscript  made  in  Arracau  Rice,  upwards  of  20,000  bags  having  chanted  hands  at  12s  9d  to  .13s  ;  besides  800  ban  Bengal,  at:lss  to  15s  3d  cwt;  300  bags  Sumatra  black  Pepper  are  reported  at  4-,d  ;  40  tons  of  Linia,wood  went  at  auCtion,  to-day,  at  £12•12s  to  £l2  17s  Od  ton,  TEA.—Sinee,  the  arrival  of  Mail  this  morning  '  an  ac active  tive active  inquiry.  has  prevail  e  d  f  or  b  o  th  common  an  d  blackish  leaf  Cello-Otis,  at  Is  and  at  ls  Od  to  is  8d  for  the  latter  ;  with-but  few  sellers,  otherwise  a  -very  large  business  would  have  been  done.  Corrox.—We  have  had  a  quiet.  market  to-day.  ,  The  sales  are  6,000  bales,  of  vhich  1,000  hitve  been  taken  on  speculation  and  for'ciport.  SMITIIFTELD  MARKET.-  :ESTERDAY,  To-day's  market  was  very  extensively  supplied  with  each  kind  of  . STYLE=superscript  foreign  Stock,  the,quality  of  which-  as  inferior,  if  we  except  the  Sheep  from  Botterdam.  With  hom:?.-fcd  beasts  we  ,were  tolerably  Well,  but  not-.to:  sny  heavily,  supplied,  and  there  Was  a  decided  improvement  in  their  general  weight  - STYLE=superscript  and  condition.  The  attendance  of  both  town  and  country  buyers  being  good,  the  Beef  trade  ruled  firm  at  Fridays  prices,  being  an'advance  in  tliO,se  Monday  last  of.  2d  8  Ibs;  The  primest  Scot  s  realised  -  4s  6,1  B.lbs.  •  .  From  Lincolnshire,  , STYLE=superscript  Leicesteishire,-and  Northamptonshire,  we  received  2,400  short  horns  ;  from  other  parts  of  England  400  of  various  kinds;  and,  from  Scotland,  42  horned  and  polled  Scots,  The  supply  of  sheep  was  tolerably  good.'  Prime  were  in  request,  and  the  turn  higher,  the  •  primest  -  Downsl  having  sold  at  ss'6d,  'and  the  best  half-breds  5s  V  8'  Ihs:;_l  but  the  sale  for  other  breeds  was  by  no  means  active.  lA'.  their  - STYLE=superscript  quotations  no  change  tcbk  place.  1  Calves—the  numbers  .of  which  were  moderate--:---sold  slowly,  but  we  have  no  alteration  to  note  in  their  valtie:  The  top  figure  for  veal  was  4s  8d  ty  8  lbs.  We  had  a  fair  inquiry  for  pigs,  at  full  currencies.  LONDON  CORN  The  supply  of  English  .  wheat  to  this  morning's  market  was  small,  and  sold  at  the  prices  of  this.day  .  arrivals  of  foreibm.  continue  large,  but  having  -a  good  attend  :  .1.  .ante  of  country  buyers,  the  improved  tone  and  priec.  c),t`  Friday's  market,  being  in  some  Ins  t  ances  I  s  t  o  2  s  tg  - STYLE=superscript  quarter  over  the  prices  of  Monday  last,  were  sustained,  and  a  045(1  .businesS  was  transacted.  Barley  is  a  slow  sale,  and  Is  to  2s  V  quarter  cheaper'  Beans  bring  an  advance  of  2s  V  quarter.  Peas  are  un  altered  in  value.  Oath  are  dull,  and  new  corn  rather  lower.  cots  a  fair  inquiry  at  late  prices.  Barrel-flour  SHARE  MARKETS.-YESTERDAY.  LIVERPOOL—We  ha,e  had  a  steady  market  all  day,  .which  closes  firmly  at  the  quotation.  The  ,  sales  arc  :  Caledonian,  27%  ;  East  Lancashire,  l  6!;  Lancashire  . STYLE=superscript  and  Yorkshire,  G  4  -;  1 STYLE=superscript  4  -  Lancaster  and  Preston,  pill;  Lon London  don London  and  North  Western,  1024  ;  Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  201;  Midland,  611  South  Eastern  Stock  -  •  18  .  1  The  following  are  the  closing  prices  :--Caledonians,  27,,  1 STYLE=superscript  Eastern  Counties,  12  16  3  18  9:'  Eastern,acid  Yorkshire,  64a  T:~ha-~  •  - STYLE=superscript  -  1 STYLE=superscript  ;  4 STYLE=superscript  8  r  11 STYLE=superscript  1:  ;  Western,  ;  Sheffield.  :201  •  211ANCHEST.ER,—To-day  prices  are  rather  lower,,  'and.  bat  little  business'  has  been  transacted.  Caledonian,  27  -  East  Lancashire,  161  ;-  tancashirc  and  Yorkshire,  ti4l;  Ditto,:  Pref.  6  per  cent.,  13.15-16  ;  Manchester,  Slieffield,  -  and  .Lincoln,  2OA  ;  Ditto,  new  £6  '?ref.,  ip;  Midland'  Railway  Cousols,  61  :  1-  ;  SOuth  Eastern,,  148-16  a  ;  South'  . STYLE=superscript  •  Wales,  x.d.  LOiiD  -0- STYLE=superscript  Ar--The,_sales  are  :—Bristol  and  Exeter,  961  Caledonian,  54.  1;  Eastern  ovmr.ti....  13;  Eastern  Uniph,.  A,  43  ;  East  Lancashire,-  641;  •  Great  :Northern,-  ea  '1  :  4  ;  ,  Ditto,  B,  127;  LancaShire  and  Yorkshire,  .641  Fifths,  10'1  '  •  London  and  Blackwall,  71-  8  ;  London  and  North  Western,  1022:1  Date.,  Fifths,  .121  12  ;  London  and  South  Western,  - STYLE=superscript  75  ;  Midland,  61t  2-;  Newport  and  Hereford,  121  ;  North  British,  29  8  ;  North  - STYLE=superscript  Staffordshire,  Ill;  Scottish  Central;  - STYLE=superscript  894;  South  Devon,  15;  South  Eastern,  11;  York  and  Berwick,  641  5  ;  Ditto,  G.N.R.  •  Purchase,  7=',,  '••  York  and  North  Midland,  48.  Lines  leasA  at  fixed  Rentals.—Hull  and  Selby,  1  .shares,  54;  South.'  '  Staffordshire,  Di  •  Wear  Valley,.  £25.  paid,  1)  31  304.  ~.cm  ference  Shares.—Caledonian.  £lO,  99  ;  East  Anglial,  7  per  cent.,  5  ;  Eastern.  Counties,  No.  2,  11  , STYLE=superscript  pm  ;  Great  Northern,  Redeemable  10  per  cent.,  1084  ;  Ditto,  41  per  .cent.  Scrip,  101  •  London  and  Brighton,  6  per  cent.  Stock,  120  ;  Mid Midland'  land' Midland'  Consolidated,  Bristol  and  Birmingham,  140  ;  South  Devon,l3  ;  South  Eastern,  .41  per  cent.,  1021.  Foreike,  —:Great  Indian  Peninsula,  6  ;  Luxembourg,  £l5  paid,  9.1;  Ditto,  £lO  paid,  61  ;  Paris  and  Lyons,  251  6  ;  Sambre  and  Meuse  8.  •  .  _  _  _  LEEDS.—The  sales  are:  Eastern  Union.  (B,)  8  1-1  a  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  64g-  ;  Midland,  611;  North  Western,  7  13-16;  Preference,  15.  •  BURGLAR  - STYLE=superscript  V.—On  Sunday  night,  a  joiner's  shop  in  Grog Grogyenor-street,  yenor-street, Grogyenor-street,  was  broken  open.  There  was  a  large  quantit  y  of  tools  upon  the  premise,  which  were  taken  away,  but  there  was  fortunately  no  property  of  any  other  deecription.  Tun  GREAT  IVETERN  ItA.thwax.--,We  understand-that,  so  far  as  present  appearances  go,  the  state  of  the  money-  .  market,  and  the  prospects  Of  war,  are  likely  to  produce  a  very  great  dearth  in  parliamentary  bills  for  the  next  session  ;  so  great;  indeed,  as  to  render  a  famine  among  the  engineers,  attorneys,  and  barristers  very  probable.  The  Great.  Wes Western  tern Western  are  said  to  go  for  but  one.bill—the  amalgamation  with  the  Shrewsbury  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  •  Is  Published  ever?  Morning  in  LivititiooL  and  MANcliEstsu  simultaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTION.  On  Credit  OUT  OF  LIVERPOOL.  In  advance.  I  On  Credit.  Corrt4pontrtnce  THE  FRUIT  STEALING  CASE  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sin,—The  necessity,  as  I  presume,  of  abridging  your  reporter's  notes,  has  led  you  to  give  the  case  of  fruit  stealing  in  such  a  condensed  form  as  to  deprive  it  of  most  of  its  public  intert:A.  Ina  late  paper  you  commented  most  justly  on  the  import importance  ance importance  of  publicity  in  all  the  proceedings  of  our  courts;  but  the  privilege  loses  half  its  value  if  the  daily  press  does  not  act  upon  it.  Nothing  could  apparently  be  more  trivial  than  this  charge  against  a  man  of  stealing  - STYLE=superscript  half  a  dozen  pears  from  a  fruit fruitstall  stall fruitstall  ;  but,  in  fact,  this  trivial  case  involves  matter  of  the  deepest  interest,  not  simply  to  the  parties  engaged  in  it,  but  to  all  the  public  ;  for,  who  is  not  interested  in  the  question  whether  legal  prosecu  tions  shall  be  perverted  into  the  means  of  impeding  the  administration  of  justice  ?  This  was  the  issue  raised  in  this  charge  against  one  Riley.  Whether  justly  raised  or  not  is  a  point  with  which  another  tribunal  must  hereafter  deal  ;  but  the  evidence  at  the  Police  Court  yesterday  distinctly  showed  that  this  is  the  question  to  be  tried,  and  that  evidence  disclosed  matter  so  singularly  mysterious,  that  on  this  account  alone  it  is  probable  that  the  bulk  of  your  readers  will  be  gratified  by  a  brief  notice  of  it.  Riley  was  accused  of  plundering  the  stalls  of  a  fruiterer  of  the  name  of  Reeves,  and  of  taking  eight  pears  from  it  at  five  minutes  past  twelve  on  Wednesday  night;  and,  undoubtedly,  if  the  evi evidence  dence evidence  of  Lloyd,  a  detective,  is  to  be  credited,  the  charge  was  proved,  for  Lloyd  swore  that  he  saw  him  in  the  act.  The  defence  was  that  this  charge  was  preferred  for  the  sole  purpose  of  damaging  the  evidence  of  Riley,  first  in  an  inquiry,  by  the  market  committee,  into  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Luya,  the  superintendent  of  the  market,  and  then  in  a  heavy  litigation  still  pending  in  the  civil  courts.  In  proof  of  this  the  prisoner's  counsel  relied  principally  upon  an  extraordinary  circumstance  which  your  report  leaves  wholly  unnoticed.  It  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  after  Riley  was  given  in  charge,  and  locked  up  in  the  Bridewell,  about  a  dozen  more  pears  were  thrown  down  the  area  of  the  house  of  a  publican  named  Sykes,  by  whom  the  complaint  against  Luya  was  preferred  to  the  market  com committee,  mittee, committee,  and  who  is  also,  unfortunately  for  him,  the  principal  in  the  heavy  litigation  that  has  been  men mentioned.  tioned. mentioned.  Riley  is  Sykes's  chief  witness  in  both  matters.  These  pears  could  not  have  been  thrown  there  by  Riley,  at  all  events  ;  it  being  proved  beyond  dispute  that  the  time  when  they  were  forced  through  a  hole  in  the  cellar  must  have  been  after  his  arrest  ;  they  were  found  there  in  the  course  of  the  following  day,  and  Sykes  proved  that  the  cellar  was  locked,  and  nobody  could  have  access  to  it  un unknown  known unknown  to  himself  !  The  inference  on  which  Riley's  counsel  insisted,  was  that  they  were  purposely  placed  there  to  found  a  similar  charge  of  plunder plundering  ing plundering  against  Sykes  himself.  In  support  of  this  in inference,  ference, inference,  he  urged  the  following  facts,  which  were  extracted  from  the  witnesses  on  cross-examination  :  Lloyd  had  been  placed  on  the  spot  by  Luya,  at  the  instance  of  Mrs.  Reeves,  at  ten  o  clock  on  Wed Wednesday  nesday Wednesday  night,  to  watch.  Instead  of  watching,  he  spent  his  time,  from  ten  till  nearly  twelve,  drinking  at  Porter's  public  house,  next  door  to  Sykes's,  on  the  one  side,  and  to  Mrs.  Reeves's  on  the  other  ;  Riley  was  asleep  at  Sykes's  from  ten  till  twelve,  when  he  left,  and  was  seen  by  the  barmaid  to  take  the  proper  road  home  :  he  was  perfectly  sober.  Lloyd,  therefore,  must  have  left  Porter's,  and  Riley  have  left  Sykes's  almost  at  the  same  instant,  for  he  was  apprehended  in  less  than  five  minutes  afterwards.  Mrs.  Reeves  admitted  that  she  was  so  very  inti intimate  mate intimate  with  Mrs.  Porter,  that  she  was  constantly  at  the  hoase.  It  is  with  'Mr.  Porter's  customers  that  Sykes  is  involved  in  litigation,  and  Porter  was  their  principal  witness.  The  origin  of  the  litiga litigagation  gation litigagation  being  the  breaking  of  Sykes  's  windows,  and  abstracting  some  wine  by  some  of  a  drunken  party  at  Porter's  house,  at  one  in  the  morning,  of  the  Ist  of  June.  Mrs.  Reeves  admitted  that  she  had  ar arranged  ranged arranged  with  Luya  for  the  detection  of  the  offender,  that  she  had  no  suspicion  of  Riley,  nor  ever  men mentioned  tioned mentioned  his  name,  and  that  she  put  the  matterinto  the  hands  of  the  same  attorney  employed  in  the  litiga litigation  tion litigation  with  Sykes,  though  that  gentleman  was  wholly  moznnwn  to  her.  She  had  employ  ,a  4'.‘r  gPvpral  years,  and  other  witnesses  gave  -him  the  higneSt  eumau eumauter:  ter: eumauter:  With  the  merits  of  the  case  the  public  have  at  present  no  concern  ;  but  it  is  of  much  concern  to  all  whether  witnesses  are  to  be  ensnared  by  inge ingenious  nious ingenious  devices,  artfully  arranged  to  criminate  them  ;  and  whatever  may  be  Riley's  innocence  or  guilt,  it  cannot  be  denied  that  the  subsequent  deposit  of  other  pears  in  Sykes's  cellar,  looks  roost  supieious,  and  the  extreme  intimacy  between  the  prosecutrix  and  Sykes's  opponents,  scarcely  less  so.  Under  such  circumstances,  and  having  regard  to  the  character  of  the  accused,  and  the  trumpery  nature  of  the  charge,  in  my  opinion,  as  an  indivi individual,  dual, individual,  Mr.  Aikin  came  to  an  erroneous  decision.  He  ought  to  have  taken  the  course  always  taken  by bythe  the bythe  London  magistrates  under  such  circumstances,  and  have  dismissed  the  case,  binding  over:  the  ac accused  cused accused  in  his  own  recognizances  to  appear  to  any  indictment  that  might  be  found  against  him.  As  it  is,  the  magistrate  has,  in  appearance,  sided  with  one  party,  when  it  is  impossible  to  say  whether  that  party  is  not  more  open  to  suspicion  of  conduct  yet,  more  culpable;  for  I  can  conceive  no  greater  cul culpability  pability culpability  than  conspiring  to  prefer  a  false  accusation  to  frustrate  the  ends  of  justice.  Such  was  the  counter-charge,  and  without  going  so  far  as  even  to  insinuate  that  it  was  borne  out  by  proof,  there  was,  at  least,  enough  of  suspicion  to  justify  the  middle  course  suggested;  a  course  which  any  ma magistrate  gistrate magistrate  of  common  experience  and  knowledge  of  police  matters  would  have  taken.  When  shall  we  have  our  magistracy  reformed?  Yours  obediently,  November,  12.  FAIR  PLAY.  COURT  OP  QUEEN'S  BENCH—SATURDAY.  Before  Lord  Campbell  and  Justices  Coleridge  and  Erie.  BINGHAM  V.  CORA.S.  This  case  came  before  the  Court  upon  appeal  from  the  County  Court  of  Liverpool.  In  the  court  below,  the  judge  had  decided  in  favour  of  the  plaintiff.  The  question  arose  upon  the  construction  of  a  contract,  which  the  defendant  had  entered  into  with  the  plaintiff,  for  the  sale  of  a  cargo  of  corn  from  Ibraila.  At  the  time  of  the  contract  the  corn  was  lying  on  board  a  vessel  at  Queenstown,  the  precise  quantity  being  unknown.  It  was,  however,  stated  in  the  contract  to  be  about  1,300  quarters  ;  but  it  was  agreed  that  the  quantity  should  be  ascertained  by  the  bill  of  lading.  The  price  agreed  upon  was  30s.  per  quarter,  payment  to  be  made  in  cash  on  handing  over  the  shipping,  documents  and  policy  of  insurance.  According  to  the  bill  of  lading,  there  should  have  been  1.667  quarters,  and  the  plaintiff  paid  upon  that  presumed  quantity,  but  in  point  of  fact  there  were  only  . STYLE=superscript  1,614  quarters.  The  plaintiff,  upon  discovering  this  de deficiency,  ficiency, deficiency,  sued  the  vendor_  to  recover  the  value  of  the  53  quarters  which  were  deficient,  and  obtained  the  decision  of  the  judge  of  the  County  Court  in  his  favour.  The  defend defendant  ant defendant  brought  this  appeal.  Mr.  MILL  IV  AHD,  tor  the  defendant,  contended  that,  ac according  cording according  to  the  true  construction  of  the  contract,  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  and  the  plaintiff  had  agreed  to  be  bound  by  the  quan quantity  tity quantity  stated  in  the  bill  of  lading.  If  there  bad  been  more  than  the  quantity  stated,  the  plaintiff  would  have  had  the  benefit  of  it  ;  as  it  so  happened  there  was  less,  the  plaintiff  must  bear  the  loss.  Mr.  WILLES,  for  the  plaintiff,  contended  that  he  was  entitled  to  recover  the  value  of  the  deficiency,  and  there  must  be  a  readjustment.  Lord  CAMPBELL  said,  his  opinion  was  that  judgment  should  be  given  for  the  defendant—the  vendor.  Looking  at  the  *hole  of  the  contract,  it  seemed  that  the  intention  was,  that  the  cargo  should  be  sold  for  better  or  for  worse,  for  less  or  for  more.  The  parties  might  fairly  suppose  that  the  quantity  would  be  fairly  represented  in  the  bill  of  lading  ;  and  they  might  well  agree  that  the  purchaser  should  take  the  risk  of  that  being  the  quantity.  If  there  should  be  less,  the  purchaser  would  suffer;  if  more,  he  would  have  the  benefit  of  the  excess.  He  (Lord  Campbell)  was  of  opinion  that  there  ought  to  be  no  return  of  the  money  which  had  been  paid,  and  that  the  action  could  not  be  maintained.  Mr.  Justice  COLERIDGE  and  Mr.  Justice  ERLE  expressed  similar  opinions.  Appeal  allowed,  and  judgment  of  the  Court  below  re reversed,  versed, reversed,  with  costs.  Miss  Tulip,  in  speaking  of  old  bachelors,  They  are  frozen  out  gardeners  in  the  flower-beds  of  love.  As  they  are  as  useless  as  weeds,  they  should  be  served  in  the  same  manner—choked  SENSIBLE  YOUNG  LADIES.  —The  young  ladies  of  Barna Barnariscotta,  riscotta, Barnariscotta,  in  the  State  of  Maine  have  recently  formed  them themselves  selves themselves  into  a  society  of  mutual  improvement  and  protection.  Among  the  resolutions  adopted  at  a  regular  meeting  we  find  the  following  That  we  will  marry  no  young  man  who  is  not  a  patron  of  his  village  paper,  for  we  have  thus  not  only  strong  evidence  of  his  want  of  intelligence,  but  that  he  will  prove  too  stingy  to  provide  far  his  family,  educate  his  children,  or  encourage  institutioas  of  learning  in  his  mer  i  ca  n  Paper."
