text
"LONDON  POLICE.  AND  BEING  Vincent  Lamberger,  a  Polish  refugee,  was  sum summoned  moned summoned  for  an  assault  upon  Ivanhoff  Wellinski,  his  fellow  countryman.  It  appeared  that  the  complainant,  who  was  a  medical  man,  received  £5  from  the  defendant,  who  alleged  it  was  by  way  of  loan.  The  com complainant,  plainant, complainant,  however,  stated  he  had  a  claim  against  the  defendant  for  medical  attendance,  exceeding  that  amount,  and  on  meeting  him  in  the  street  a  demand  was  made  for  money,  which  complainant  refused,  denying  that  he  owed  defendant  any anything,  thing, anything,  upon  which  he  struck  complainant.  Alderman  Humphery  said:  The  question  of  debt  you  must  settle  between  yourselves,  but  an  assault  has  been  committel,  though  not  of  a  serious  nature,  and  I  shall,  therefore,  have  the  defendant  bound  over  in  his  own  recognisances  of  to  keep  the  peace  towards  complainant  and  all  her  Majesty's  subjects  for  twelve  months.  Mrs.  Wellinski  :  Can  you  not  do  anything  else  to  protect  my  husband  ?•  Mr.  Lamberger  has  as  saulted  him  before,  and  threatened  to  run  him  through  the  body.  Alderman  Humphery:  I  have  bound  him  over  to  keep  the  peace.  Mrs.  Wellinski  :  But  who  is  to  keep  me,  if  he  kills  my  husband  ?  Alderman  Humphrey  ;  You  have  nothing  to  fear  from  him  now.  I  have  given  your  husband  all  the  protection  in  my  power.  Mr.  Holland,  of  Great  Titchborne-street,  here  came  forward,  and  said  :  I  wish  to  ask  your  wor worship's  ship's worship's  advice.  Mr.  Lamberger  has  taken  away  my  housekeeper,  who  has  robbed  me  of  some  of  my  goods.  Alderman  Humphrey  :  Were  you  living  with  your  housekeeper  then  ?—Mr.  Holland  :  Yes,  sir.  Alderman  Humphery  :  How  long  have  you  been  living  with  her  ?—Mr.  Holland:  About  nine  years  and  a  half,  sir.  Alderman  Humphery  :  I  cannot  help  you.  should  not  keep  a  mistress.  Mr.  Holland  :  I  only  do  that  which  many  in  the  higher  circles  of  society  do,  and  I  don't  see  why  I  should  be  thought  worse  than  them  for  so  doing.  Alderman  Humphrey:  but  1  have  no  doubt  they  suffer  as  much  as  you  from  the  impropriety  of  their  conduct.  Mr.  Holland  :  That  man  (pointing  to  Mr.  Lam Lamberger)  berger) Lamberger)  is  a  rogue  and  a  vagabond  in  this  country,  for  I  took  him  in  without  a  rag  to  his  back,  and  kept  him  from  starving.  He  lodged  with  me,  and  I  now  consider  that  I  am  not  safe,  as  he  has  threat threatened  ened threatened  to  take  my  life  with  a  sword-stick  that  he  ge generally  nerally generally  carries  about  with  him.  Alderman  Humphery  :  Very  well,  then,  if  you  will  bring  him  up  the  first  time  he  repeats  that  threat  with  a  sword-stick  in  his  possession,  I'll  punish  him  ;  but  at  present  I  can  only  bind  him  down  to  keep  the  peace  towards  you.  With  regard  to  Mr.  Lamberger  's  robbing  you  of  your  mistress,  what  are  your  respective  ages  ?  Mr.  Holland  :  The  lady  was  36  years  of  age,  and  I  am  nearly  as  old  ;  but  Mr.  Lamberger  was  only  24  years  old.  Alderman  Humphrey:  I  suppose  the  lady  pre preferred  ferred preferred  the  younger  man.  Is  she  present  ?  Mary  Hume  (a  very  unprepossessing-looking  female)  here  came  forward-  and  said  she  left  Mr.  Holland  because  he  ill-treated-  her,  and  she  had  to  keep  him.  Alderman  Humphrey:  How  can  you  do  that?—  Mary  Hume  :  I  receive  an  allowance  from  a  mem member  ber member  of  Parliament.  Mr.  Holland:  Yes,  sir;  Sir  John  M`Taggart  al allows  lows allows  her  £5O  a  year.  Alderman  Humphrey:  Did  you  live  with  Sir  John  M'Taggart  ?  Mary  Hume:  Yes,  sir.  Alderman  Humphrey  :  And  does  he  know  that  you  have  been  living  with  these  men  ?  Mary  Hume:  I  believe  not.  _  Alderman  Humphrey  :  I  suppose  not,  or  he  might  perhaps  stop  the  allowance.  But  it  was  not  altogether  right,  after  living  with  a  man  nine  years,  to  leave  him  to  go  with  another.  Are  you  living  now  with  Mr.  Lamberger  ?  Mary  Hume:  Yes,  sir;  but  he  did  not  take  me  away  from  Mr.  Holland.  I  left  him  voluntarily.  Alderman  Humphrey  :  Well,  Mr.  Holland,  I  can cannot  not cannot  do  anything  to  punish  Mr.  Lamberger,  for  rob robbing  bing robbing  you  of  your  mistress.  At  present  he  is  bound  over  to  keep  the  peace  towards  all  parties.  If  you  will  keep  a  housekeeper  you  must  take  better  care  of  her,  or  put  up  with  the  consequences  attending  such  immoral  connections.  All  parties  coneprnpd  than  rptircd.  Fnirs.—The  following  is  alist  of  beersellers  fined  for  selling  ale  on  Sunday  morning  last:—Jane  Thomas,  Highfield-street,  ss.`  and  costs  ;  Robert  Rimmer,  Bond-street,  40s.  and  costs  ;  Thomas  Pierce,  Tarlton-street,  ss.  and  costs  :  William  Gorst,  Duke-street,  Everton,  30s.  and  costs;  Thomas  Dent,  Blenheim-street,  ss.  and  costs  ;  James  Ward,  Banastre Banastrestreet,  street, Banastrestreet,  ss.  and  costs  ;  John  Hughes,  ss.  and  costs  ;  John  Ryer,  Vine-street,  acquitted  ;  Henry  Stafford,  Park-road,  ss.  and  costs;  Jane  Evan;  Aread-street,  adjourned  for  seven  days.  Civic  HosPrrALrrY.—The  mayor  of  Manchester,  Benja Benjamin  min Benjamin  Nicholls,  Esq.,  entertained  a  large  company  at  dinner,  at  his  residence,  Eagley  House,  Ardwick,  on  Wednesday  last.  LEcrußEs  AGAINST  POPERY.—The  first  of  a  course  of  four  lectures  on  popery,addre  ssed  to  the  protestants  of  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  by  the  Rev.  Hugh  Stowell,  M.A.,  Honorary  Canon  of  Chester,  was  delivered  in  the  Corn  Exchange,  Hanging  Ditch,  on  Thursday  night.  The  subject  was  the  Spell  of  the  Romish  Considering  the  inclemency  of  the  weather,  there  was  a  numerous  audience,  who  listened  to  the  lecturer  with  the  greatest  attention.  The  Manchester  Infirmary  and  Lunatic  Hospital  has  had  37  in-patients  and  147  out-patients  admitted  on  the  books  during  the  week,  and  there  remain  under  treatment  185,  together  with  54  lunatics.  AN  INTERESTING  SLAVE  CASE.—Sam  Norris,  a  slave  of  Mr.  J.  N.  Patton,  of  Virginia,  was,  some  years  ago,  permitted  by  his  master  to  go  and  live  in  Covington,  Kentucky,  pro provided  vided provided  he  paid  him  $lOO  per  year  out  of  his  earnings,  which  was  done.  Two  years  ago  Mr.  Patton  offered  him  his  freedom  within  four  years  for  $4OO.  Of  this  sum  Sam  paid  down  at  once  $135,  and  $4O  or  $5O  more  subse subsequently.  quently. subsequently.  Recently,  however,  Mr.  Patton  refused  to  abide  by  the  contract,  and  claimed  Sam  as  his  slave.  The  case  was  brought  before  Judge  Pryor,  of  the  circuit  court,  at  Covington,  and  a  decision  rendered  in  favour  of  Mr.  Patton,  on  the  ground  that  a  slave  cannot  make  a  contract  in  Ken Kentucky,  tucky, Kentucky,  and  that  a  slave  cannot  be  liberated  in  that  state  except  by  will  or  a  deed  of  .  on,  An  appeal  was  taken  to  the  supreme  court.—N.  0.  P  i  cayune.  BRUTAL  ASSAULT.—At  the  sitting  of  the  magistrates,  on  Thursday,  Constable  Hosford  charged  a  young  man,  named  John  Ryan,  and  apparently  about  18  years  of  age,  with  having  stabbed  a  man  and  woman,  respectively  named  M,Carthy  and  Keefe,  on  Bandon-road,  on  Saturday  last.  It  appeared  the  prisoner  rushed  out  .  of  a  public-hou  s  e  o  n  the  Bandon  .road,  with  . STYLE=superscript  a  large  knife  in  his  hand,  and  assaulted  every  person  passing  in  the  most  savage  manner.  The  prisoner  waa  remanded,—Cork  paper,"
