text
"NORTHERN  CIRCUIT-YORK.  THE  ARMY.—The  62nd  ordered  at  the  Mediterranean,  will  embark  at  Cork  about  the  Ist  of  January,  HIGH  FARMING.—Mr.  Alechi  has  produced  his  long  called  for  balance  showing,  upon  an  outlay  of  £4975  6s.  9d.,  a  profit  of  £343  16s.  3d.  CHRISTMAS.—The  Great  Western  railway  has  determined  upon  granting  return  tickets  on  the  24th,  out  of  London,  available  on  the  27th.  Mr.  IL  M'Calmont  Cairns,  M.P.  for  Belfast,  and  a  depu deputation,  tation, deputation,  had  an  interview  with  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen,  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  at  his  official  residence  in  Downing  -street.  HORSE  GUARDS  AFFAIR.  —lt  is  said  that  Major-General  Wetherall  refused  the  post  of  Adjutant-General  because  he  agreed  upon  the  grounds  his  predecessor  took,  and  which  caused  him  to  resign.  Lord  Hardinge  it  is  said  is  anxious  to  bring  in  his  relation  Colonel  Cunningham.  A  HINT  TO  FAMILIES.—A  correspondent  says  :  Whilst  currants  are  so  dear  in  price,  now  ls.  per  lb.  Turkey  black  raisins  are  being  much  use  d  i  n  families,  mixed  with  currants.  They  are  wholesome,  and  can  be  bought  at  fourpence  to  fivepence  per  lb.  They  should  be  stoned.  Buy  each  sepa separately,  rately, separately,  two-thirds  raisins  and  one-third  currants,  and  it  will  be  a  SUBMARINE  TELEGRAPH.—The  submarine  cable  across  the  Firth  to  Forth  and  Tay  is  being  laid  clown,  so  as  to  complete  the  chain  of  telegraphic  communication  between  the  far  north  of  Scotland  and  the  south.  CHEVENING.—  Woodcocksin  considerable  numbers  are  now  to  be  met  with  in  the  springy  shaws  skirting  our  parish,  and  from  their  early  arrival,  a  hard  winter  is  prognosticated.—  Maidstone  Journql.  A  singular  poaching  affray  occurred  near  Dartford  some  days  since.  The  gamekeeper  of  Mrs.  Minet  hearing  shots  fired,  went  towards  the  place,  and,  seizing  one  of  the  poach poachers,  ers, poachers,  found  his  own  brother  !  A  second  brother,  who  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  the  poacher,  attacked  the  gamekeeper,  and  gave  it  with  the  barrel  of  the  gun,  until  he  was  obliged  to  let  go,  and  both  brothers  got  off.  AUSTRALIAN  POSTAGE.—The  South  Australian  Postage  Reform  Bill.  with  the  exception  of  one  clause  in  it,  has  passed  the  legislature  of  that  colony.  Its  main  provisions  are  an  uniform  charge  of  2d.  on  all  intra-provincial  letters  and  6d.  on  all  extra-provincial  letters.  A  single  letter  must  not  weigh  above  half  an  ounce.  Newspapers  are  to  pass  free  through  the  post•  except  when  they  are  directed  to  be  left  at  the  post  office  or  to  the  town  where  they  are  posted,  when  a  penny  each  is  to  be  charged.  An  Edinburgh  correspondent  of  the  _Dumfries  Courior  It  is  said  that  a  new  edition  of  Dugald  Stew  ar  t'  s  works  is  in  the  press,  em  b  rac  i  ng  a  ser  i  es  of  his  leotures  on  political  economy  not  hitlerto  published--large  portions  of  which,  I  believe,  are  in  the  handwriting  of  Lord  Palmerston,  who  was  an  inmate  of  the  illustrious  professor's  house  when  he  was  engaged  in  the  composition  of  those  lectures,  and  relieved  the  sage  of  a  large  share  of  the  drudgery  of  tran 'transcription.'  .  DIOCESE  or  MANCHESTER.—The  Lord  Bishop  of  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  has  licenced  the  Rev.  Lewis  Stanhope  Benny,  M.A.  to  the  curacy  of  the  parish  church  of  Lancaster.  His  lord lordship  ship lordship  has  presented  the  Rev.  John  Winstanley  Hull,  8.A.,  in incumbent  cumbent incumbent  of  Grimsargle  near  Preston  to  the  vicarage  o  f  North  IViu  s  kh  am  i  n  th  e  county  o  f  Nottingham  and  diocese  of  Lincoln,  vacant  by  the  death  of  the  Rev.  Joseph  Markham  Parry.  ,  .  LETTERS  AND  NEWSPAPERS  TO  CALCUTTA.—GENERAL  POST  -OFFICE  DEC.,  1853.—The  postmaster-general  has  been  informed  that  the  government  express  from  Bombay  to  Calcutta  has  been  discontinued;  and  that,  consequently,  letters  and  newspapers  will  be  addressed  to  Calcutta,  when  sent  via  Bombay,  can  only  be  forwarded  in  future  by  the  ordinary  daily  mail.  It  is  necessary  to  make  this  altera alteration  tion alteration  known  to  the  public  in  the  United  Kingdom,  as  a  notice  was  issued  in  May,  1847,  announcing  the  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  under  which  letters  might  be  conveyed  to  Calcutta  by  the  government  express,  if  specially  so  addressed.  A  deputation,  consisting  of  William  Carver  and  John  Peacock,  from  the  merchants  and  inhabitants  of  Gibraltar,  introduced  by  Mr.  John  Bright,  M.P.,  and  accompanied  by  Mr.  J.  B.  Smith,  M.P.  ;  Mr.  G.  B.  Carr  ;  Mr.  J.  Aspinall  Turner,  president  of  the  Commercial  Association,  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  ;  Mr.  Henry  Ashworth,  vice-president  of  the  Cham Chamber  ber Chamber  of  Commerce  ;  Mr.  Mosley  ;  Mr.  Frederick  Jackson  ;  Mr.  David  E.  Power  ;  Mr.  John  Ingram  Travers,  and  Mr.  Charles  Blake,  had  an  interview  with  the  Duke  of  New Newcastle,  castle, Newcastle,  yesterday,  at  the  Colonial-office.  SIR  J  OHN  FRANKLIN  Nor  GIVENFUP  —We  an  con contradict  tradict contradict  the  statement  which  appeared  in  last  Monday's  Times,  and  which  furnishes  the  material  of  a  leading  article  in  the  same  paper  of  yesterday's  date.  The  admiralty  have  not  ordered  Sir  John  Franklin's  name  to  be  struck  off  their  books.  Such  a  measure  could  only  be  taken  in  the  event  of  death  being  reported  or  all  search  proving  fruitless  ;  for,  so  long  as  older  captains  are  retained  on  the  books,  his  age  (67)  cannot  be  considered  a  disqualification.  But  no  such  report  has  been  made  ;  and  even  the  searches  now  making  by  Bel Belcher  cher Belcher  to  the  east  and  Collinson  to  the  west  are  not  yet  con concluded.  cluded. concluded.  Indeed  the  latter,  as'  we  learn  from  the  Amphitrite,  had  not  been  heard  of  by  any  of  the  ships  sent  to  deposit  provisions,  &amp;c.,  last  autumn  in  his  supposed  homeward  track.  It  is  not  the  attention  to  abandon  Collinson  thus  prema prematurely  turely prematurely  without  further  search,  and  in  seeking  him  we  may  hope  also  to  discover  some  survivors  of  Franklin's  com company.--Daily  pany.--Daily company.--Daily  News.  •  THE  COAL  TRADE.—To  such  an  extent  has  our  coal  in industry  dustry industry  been  developed  that  at  the  present  time  not  less  than  37,000,000  of  tons  afe  annually  raised,  the  value  of  which  at  the  pit's  mouth  is  little  less  than  £10,000,000,  at  the  places  of  consumption,  including  expenses  of  transport  and  other  charges,  probably  not  less  than  £20,000,000..  The  capital  employed  in  the  trade  exceeds  ,t  10,000,000.  About  400  iron  furnaces  of  Great  Britain  consume  annually  10,000,  000  tons  of  coals  and  7,000,000  tons  of  ironstone,  -in  order  to  produce  2,500,000  tons  of  pig-iron,  of  the  value  of  up upwards  wards upwards  of  £8,000,000.  For  the  supply  of  the  metropolis  alone  3,600,000  tons  of  coals  are  required  for  manufactur  , STYLE=superscript  ing  and  domestic  purposes.;  our  coa3ting  vessels  conveyed  in  1850  upwards  of  9,360,000  tons  to  various  ports  in  the  United  Kingdom,  and  3,350,000  tons  were  exported  to  foreign  countries  and  the  B  r  iti  s  h  possess  i  ons.  Add  to  this  that  about  120,000  persons  are  constantly  employed  in  extracting  the  coal  from  the  mines,  and  that  in  some  of  the  northern  counties  there  are  more  persons  at  work  under  the  ground  than  upon  the  surface,  and  some  approximate  idea  will  be  formed  of  the  importance  and  extent  of  this  branch  of  our  industry.  The  extent  of  the  coal  areas  in  the  British  Islands  is  12,000  square  miles,  and  the  annual  pro produce  duce produce  37,000,000  tons  ;  of  Belgium,  250  miles,  annual  pro produce  duce produce  5,000,000  tons;  of  France,  2,000  miles,  annual  produce,  4,150,000  tons  ;  of  the  United  States,  113,000  miles,  annual  produce,  4,000,000  tons;  of  Prussia,  2,200  miles,  annual  produce,  3,500,000  tons;  of  Spain,  4,000  miles,  annual  produce,  550,000  tons  of  British  North  America,  180,000  miles,  annual  prod  uce  no  t  k  nown.  T  a  ki  ng  the  British  Is Islands  lands Islands  alone,  and  dividing  them  into  districts,  we  find  the  supposed  workable  acres  are  as  follows  :  —Northumberland  and  Durham,  5,00,000;  Cumberland,  Westmoreland,  and  West  Riding,  99,500  ;  Lancashire,  Flintshire,  and  North  Staffordshire,  550,000  ;  Sh  ropsh  i  re  and  orcestershire,  79,250;  South  Staffordshire,  65,000:;  Warwickshire  and  Leicestershire,  80,000  ;  Sornersetshire  and  Gloucestershire,  167,500  ;  South  Wales  600,000;  S  co  tti  s  h  coa  l  fi  e  ld  s  ,  1,045,000.  Irish  coal  Wales,  500,000  ;  C  onnaug  h  t,  '  .200,000;  Leinster,  150,000  ;  Minister,  1,000,000.  Our  exports,  which  in  1840  amounted  to  1,606,000  tons,  valued  at  £576,000,  had  increased  in  1850  to  3,631,000  tons,  of  the  value  of  £1,284,000.  In  1841  our  exports  to  France  were  451,300  tons  ;  to  Holland,  173,378  tons  ;  to.  Prussia,  116,296  tons;  and  to  Russia,  77,152  tons.  In  1860  they  were  to  France  612,545  tons  ;  to  Holland,  159,953  tons  ;  to  Prussia,  186,528  tons;  and  to  Russia,  235,188  tons.  Durham  Chronicle.  SINGULAR  CASE  OF  BIGAMY.  _Edward  Drane  Hannebell,  32,  was  charged  with  bigamy.  The  circumstances  of  this  case  were  of  a  peculiar  charac character.  ter. character.  The  prisoner  is  a  coach-builder,  well  educated,  and  a  good  looking  man.  At  the  early  part  of  last  year  he  was  working  with  his  father  at  Ipswich,  and  a  young  .  woman,  named  Helen  Cufley,  belonging  to  Manchester,  being  on  a  visit  to  the  former  place,  the  prisoner  became  acquainted  with  her,  and  eventually  they  agreed  to  be  married.  Shortly  after  Miss  Cutley  returned  to  Manchester,  the  prisoner  followed  her,  and  the  marriage  was  so  l  emn  i  se  d  at  the  cathedral,  on  th  e  6th  of  June  in  last  year.  The  prisoner  lived  with  his  wife  for  some  time,  and  at  the  early  part  of  this  year  he  obtained  work  at  Hull  as  a  coach  builder.  In  March  last  he  addressed  a  letter  to  a  Miss  Crackles,  who  was  a  pious  person,  and  possessed  of  some  property.  In  this  communloatton  he  declared  his  affection  for  Miss  Crackles,  stating  that  besides  herself  he  had  never  soon  a  young  woman  whom  he  could  fancy  for  a  wife.  As  it  had  been  ordained  by  God  that  man  should  make  the  first  advance,  he  hoped  Miss  Crackles  would  pardon  him  for  addressing  her  and  trusted  th  a  t  s  h  e  wou  ld  grant  hi  m  an  interview,  adding  that  he  belonged,  to  the  same  religious  denomination  as  herself.  He  should,  however,  leave  the  matter  in  the  hands  of  the  Lord.  Miss  Crackles  declined  to  see  the  prisoner,  when  he  addressed  a  second  letter  to  her,  and  eventually  she  consented  to  accept  his  suit.  In  the  same  week  that  he  was  writing  these  letters  to  Miss  Crackles,  the  prisoner  wrote  to  his  wife,  who  was  then  at  Ipswich,  informing  her,  that  being  unable  to  obtain  em employment  ployment employment  in  Hull,  he  was  about  to  sail  for  America,  where  he  had  no  doubt  of  getting  a  good  living.  He  advised  his  wife  to  remain  at  Ipswich,  and  concluded  his  epistle  in  terms  of  the  warmest  afiection  for  her.  The  prisoner  mar married  ried married  Miss  Crackles  at  Sculcoates  church  on  the  third  of  June  last.  His  marriage  was  discovered.  and  he  was  ap apprehended  prehended apprehended  on  the  charge  of  bigamy  and  lodged  in  Hull  gaol.  Whilst  in  prison  he  wrote  two  letters,  one  to  his  wife  and  the  other  to  Miss  Crackles,  and  prevailed  on  a  person  who  was  working  in  the  gaol  to  take  charge  of  these  communications.  In  the  letter  to  his  wife  he  asked  her  to  get  some  person  to  write  to  him  stating  that  she  was  dead,  and  to  date  the  letter  previous  to  the  second  marriage.  If  any  inquiry  were  subsequently  made  about  it,  she  could  state  that  the  individual  who  wrote  the  letter  had  gone  to  Australia.  He  begged  his  wife  to  do  this,  as  it  would  sage  him  from  transportation.  In  the  letter  to  Miss  Crackles  he  stated  that  he  had  every  hope  of  being  acquitted  of  the  charge  against  him,  and  that  they  could  then  lire  happily  together.  The  jury  found  him  guilty,  expressing  their  opinion  that  the  offence  was  aggravated  by  being  committed  under  the  garb  of  religion.  Sentenced  to  five  years'  penal  servitude."
