text
"PROTESTANT  'TEA  PARTY.  A  grand  Protestant  tea  party  was  held  last  night  in  the  Concert'Hall,  Lord  Nelson-street.  The  hall  was  decorated  with  flags  for  the  occasion,  and  the  attendance  was  most  numerous.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  the  Rev.  George  Reed  ;  and  among  the  gentlemen  on  the  platform  were  Revs.  V.  M.  White,  -  Sutton,  J.  Bardsley,  Samp Sampson  son Sampson  ;  Dr.  Thorburn  ;  Messrs.  G:  Byford,  Brownbill,  J.  Williams,  Haigh,  &amp;c.  Letters  of  apology  were  read  from  the  Rev.  Di.  Hume  and  other  gentlemen,  who  were  prevented  from  attending  by  - STYLE=superscript  indisposition,  or  prior  engagements.  -  After  prayer  had  been  offered  up,  The  Chairman  briefly  addressed  the  gratulated  them  that,  (  He  con-  ,te  of  t  night,  they  had  assembled  in  such  nt  _A  he  felt  assured  that  the  speeches  which  would  be  delivered  would  be  equal  to  the  occasion,  and  truly  Protestant  in  their  character..  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Rei.  V.  M.  'White  then  came  forward.  After  a  few  introductory  observations,  he  referred  to  the  recent  Bible-burning  case  in  Ireland.  Protestants,  he  said,  did  not  burn  Bibles.  He  had  seen,  however,  a  notice  of  a  pamphlet  speaking  of  the  proceedings  of  Protestants  in  the  recent  remarkable  Bible-burning  case,  as  if  an  extraordi extraordinary  nary extraordinary  triumph  had  been  effected  there  by  the  Church  of  Rome,  and  a  most  disastrous  defeat  effected  on  the  cause  of  Protestantism.  He  should  like  to  know  what  Protest Protestantism  antism Protestantism  had  to  do  with  the  ease.  They  were  not  Protest Protestants  ants Protestants  who  then  burned  the  Bible  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  He  was  not  a  Protestant  from  whose  house  the  Bible  was  brought,  nor  was  it  a  Protestant  churchyard  in  which  it  was  burned;  for  that  the  Bible  was  burned  no  man  living  could  deny.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  It  was  not  a  Pro Protestant  testant Protestant  attorney-general,  nor  a  Protestant  solicitor  that  prosecuted.  No  !  the  government  that  prosecuted  had  not  merely  a  Roman  Catholic  attorney-general,  but  they  had  a  Roman  Catholic  solicitor•general,  and  a  Roman  Catholic  law-adviser—they  were  all  members  of  the  Church  of  Rome  together,  and  a  pretty  mess  they  made  of  the  whole  •  eoncern.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Bible  was  burned.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  only  necessary  to  read  the  judges'  charge  to  know  it  ;  and,  if  any  little  technicality  prevented  the  law-officers  f  om  fixing  the  crime  beyond  any  doubt,  on  a  particular  party,  they  might  ride  off  in  triumph,  —but  that  the  Bible  was  burned  in  a  Roman  Catholic  burial-place—that  it  was  brought  from  the  house  of  their  priest,  and  that  he  was  connected  with,  if  not  legally  in  some  form,  he  did  not  believe  that  there  was  a  Roman  Catholic  in  Ireland  doubted.  (Cheers.)  But  if  that  case  did  not  establish  bible  burning,  he  could.  He  had  docu documents  ments documents  which  would  prove,  that  a  Roman  Catholic  Priest,  in  the  west  of  Ireland,  did  at  one  time  burn  four  testa testaments.  ments. testaments.  Aryouth  of  fourteen  years  of  age  was  present,  add  when  he  took  one  of  them  out  of  the  fire,  the  priest  took  it  from  his  hand  and  threw  it  ba3k  again.  The  case  was  brought  before  the  magistrate,  and  the  informations  of  the  lad  taken,  but  when  the  case  came  on  for  trial,  the  boy  so  contradicted  himself,  that  a  bench  of  four  magistrates  unanimously  committed  him  for  perjury,  declaring  that  they  did  not  believe  one  word  which  he  spoke  on  the  second,  and  that  they  believed  every  word  he  had  spoken  on  the  first  occasion.  (Cheers.)  He  loved  Protestantism,  because  it  glorified  and  honoured  God—because  it  was  the  friend  of  civil  and  religious  liberty.  But  in  propor proportion  tion proportion  a  3  they  found  Popery  existing,  they  found  the  iron ironheel  heel ironheel  of  despotism  crushing.  to  the  earth  the  rights,  prerogatives,  and  liberties,  civil  and  religious,  of  men.  Popery  could  not  prevent  men  from  thinking,  but  so  far  as  it  could,  it  prevented  men  from  acting.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  In  conclusion,  the  Rev.  Gentleman  announced  that  he  had  taken  the  Hall  in  order  that  those  persons  who  may  be  excluded  this  day  from  St.  George's  Hall,  may  be  addressed  at  the  other,  and  the  same  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  who  are  to  take  part  in  the  meeting,  for  the  preser preservation  vation preservation  of  the  Sabbath.  .stration.  A  collection  was  then  made  to  defray  the  expenses  of  the  meeting,  and  to  liquidate  certain  expenses  incurred  at  St.  Paul's  Church,  owing  to  the  refusal  of  the  parish parishoners  oners parishoners  to  lay  a  Church  rate.  The  Chairman,  in  stating  the  object  of  the  collection,  observed  that  Protestants  must  have  been  asleep  at  the  last  vestry,  else  the  result  which  then  took  place  would  not  have  occurred.  The  Rev.  J.  Bardsley  then  addressed  the  meeting,  and  in  an  argumentative  speech  contended  that  the  unity  and  oneness  claimed  for  itself  by  the  Church  of  Rome,  was  not  an  unitrof  feeling  and  faith,  but  merely  consisted  in  saying  the  same  creed.  It  was  the  unity  of  faith,  he  said,  of,  which  the  poor  man  spoke,  when  he  was  brought  to  the  gallows,  after  condemnation.  He  was  a  Romanist,  and  when  he  came  to  make  his  confession  before  death,  fearing  that  if  he  did  not  believe  enough  he  would  be  damned,  he  said,  believe  all  that  the  Church  of  Rome  has  taught,  all  that  she  does  teach,  and  all  that  she  even  hereafter  shall  (Laughter.)  The  Rev.  gentleman  then  addressed  himself  to  the  doctrine  of  the  Immacu Immaculate  late Immaculate  and  showed  the  unity  in  faith  of  Catholics  by  declaring,  from  personal  experience,  that  no  two  Catholics  could  be  found  agreeing  on  this  point.  He  gave  an  instance  which  came  under  his  own  observation.  He  was  conversing  with  a  Romanist,  and  when  he  taxed  him  with  a  new  doctrine  in  the  Immaculate  being  introduced  into  his  church,  h  e  d  en  i  e  d  th  at  i  t  was  a  doctrine  obligatory  on  him  under  pain  of  heresy  to  believe.  and  alleged  that  Catholics  were  allow  to  believe  or  reject  it  as  they  pleased.  While  they  were  arguing  on  the  point,  another  Catholic  came  in,  and  when  the  question  was  stated  to  him,  he  at  once  declared  that  it  was  heresy  not  to  believe  it.  (Laughter.)  That  was  a  specimen  of  the  unity  of  faith  among  Catholics,  and  of  the  contradictions  in  which  they  involved  themselves  when  pressed  in  fair  argument.  The  rev.  gentleman  then  applied  himself  to  the  infallibility  of  the  Popes,  and,  in  reviewing  their  history,  narrated  several  instances  where  that  infal infallibility  libility infallibility  had  proved  most  fallible.  In  conclusion  he  briefly  touched  on  the  difficulties  in  which  the  chairman,  as  incumbent!  of  St.  P  au  l'  s  c  h  urc  h  ,  had  been  involved,  by  the  withdrawal  of  the  Church-rate,  and  trusted  that  the  Protestants  of  Liverpool  would  not  permit  him  to  be  left  to  himself  in  a  district  which  abounded  with  vice  and  poverty,  but  that  they  would  come  forward  to  his  aid  with  a  generous  sympathy  and  cordial  co-operation.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  The  Rev.  Mr.  Sutton  then  addressed  the  meeting.  Ho  com.renced  by  declaring  that  Protestantism  was  an  active  principle.  Protestantism  was  not  satisfied  with  signing  Petitions  merely,  with  declaring  what  was  error,  but  Protestantism  was  a  practical  and  constant  exhibition  of  that  which  was  right,  not  only  by  word  of  the  lip  but  by  the  action  of  the  life.  Protestantism  was  practically  after  all  only  another  name  for  Christianity,  and  Christianity  was  a  diffusive  principle  and  must  be.  Christianity  could  not  exist  in  a  system  or  an  individual  without  its  being  a  diffusive  principle,  and  so  with  Protestantism.  It  was  not  satisfied  with  the  personal  reception  of  truth,  but  it  took  its  stand  among  men  in  the  advocacy  of  truth.  (Cheers.)  The  speaker  then  proceeded  to  consider  the  hopeful  signs  which  the  present  times  presented  in  con connection  nection connection  with  Protestantism.  He  declared  that  never  before  were  the  forms  of  vice  so  malignant  and  dreadful  as  at  present,  but  while  that  was  the  fact,  one  to  be  deplored  by  all  men,  there  were  yet  great  and  powerful  antidotes  at  hand,  and  if  this  spread  of  vice  called  on  Protestants  to  be  up  and  doing,  they  had  yet  the  assurance  that:it  needed  but  zeal  and  exertion  on  their  part  to  suc successfully  cessfully successfully  combat  the  great  evil.  Education  and  missionary  labour  were  the  chief  antidotes  to  be  relied  on,  and  he  congratulated  the  meeting  on  the  great  increase  that  had  taken  place  within  the  last  century  in  those  means  of  social  and  religious  refprmation.  He  then  passed  on  to  the  Sabbath  question,  and  declared  that  the  Sunday  news newspapers  papers newspapers  were  the  chief  incentive  to  the  desecration  of  the  Lord's  day.  No  one  had  a  higher  opinion  of  the  English  Press,  taking  it  all  for  all,  than  he  had.  It  advocated  all  that  enlightened  the  mind,  purified  the  heart,  that  saved  the  country  from  anarchy  and  confusion,  and  it  led  men  to  religion  and  to  God.  Bat  for  the  Sunday  papers,  nothing  brought  more  disorder,  discomfort,  and  rain,  into  a  family  than  did,  and  he  besought  every  working  man,  as  he  valued  his  happiness,  as  he  respected  his  con conscience,  science, conscience,  as  he  feared  his  God,  to  take  in  his  paper,  but  never  to  allow  his  wife  or  children,  or  anybody  in  his  household,  to  touch  it  on  God's  holy  day.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  The  sale  of  intoxicating  drinks  on  the  Sabbath  conduced  to  the  same  deplorable  end,  and  he  urged  that  those  evils  could  be  rectified  by  a  right  and  wise  use  of  the  elective  franchise  in  sending  religious  men  into  the  House  of  Commons.  The  reverend  gentleman  resumed  his  seat  amid  general  applause,  and  rounds  of  the  Kentish  fire.  Several  hymns  and  anthems  were  sung  by  the  choir  during  the  evening,  and  the  proceedings  closed  with  the  blessing.  The  funeral  service  of  Mickiewicz,  the  Polish  poet,  was  to  be  celebrated  at  the  church  of  the  Madeleine  on  Monday  morning,  at  half-past  ten,  and  the  remains  of  the  deceased  were  afterwards  to  be  conveyed  to  Montmo Montmorency,  rency, Montmorency,  to  be  interred  by  the  side  of  his  friends  General  Kniaziewicz  and  the  poet  Niemcewicz.  CRICKET  ON  THE  la.—  A  novel  and  somewhat  exciting  game  of  cricket  on  the  ice,  came  off  on  the  field  known  as  Aston's  Eyte,  Long  Meadows,  Oxford.  The  match,  which  was  very  evenly  contested,  was  witnessed  hundreds  of  spectators,  who  took  great  by  some  interest  in  the  strange  proceedings.  The  falls  were  not  so  numerous  as  was  anticipated,  which  may  be  attributed  to  the  fact  that  every  player  was  expert  in  the  art  of  skating.  Dense  fogs  prevail  in  the  British  Channel.  The  Alma  would  have  reached  Southampton  on  Thursday  if  the  weather  had  been  clear,  and  would  have  made  the  pas passage  sage passage  home  from  Malta,  including  a  stoppage  at  Gibraltar,  in  eight  days—an  unprecedented  voyage.  Just  before  the  Alma  arrived  home,  one  of  the  seamen  fell  from  the  top-gallant  mast  on  the  deck--a  height  of  150  feet.  Sin Singular  gular Singular  to  say,  he  broke  no  bones,  and  he  is  doing  well.  He  must  have  caught  hold  of  something  while  falling,  w  hi  c  h  broke  his  fall,  for  his  h  an  d  s  are  cut  dreadfully.  PHOTOGRAPHY  AND  CRIME.  —The  town  council  of  Sun Sunderland  derland Sunderland  have  sanctioned  th  e  erection  of  a  photographic  apparatus,  by  means  of  which  parties  who  are  suspected  of  being  wanted  elsewhere,  can  have  their  portraits  sent  off  to  the  police  officers  of  large  towns,  by  which  the  labours  of  the  detectives  throughout  the  country  will  be  much  assisted.  On  Friday  the  portraits  of  a  gang  of  seven  were  handed  about  the  police  court  when  the  worthies  were  at  the  bar,  and  the  unmistakeable  identity  of  the  parties  was  remarkably  demonstrated.—  Sunderland  Times.  Tne  Toronto  Colonist  records  a  distressing  accident  'in  the  theatre  of  that  town.  During  the  performance  of  a  piece  called  the  Enchanted  the  youngest  daughter  of  Mr.  G.  Cook,  musical  director  and  leader  of  the  orchestra,  was  attired  in  a  fairy  costume,  and  having  approached  too  near  the  stove  which  is  placed  behind  the  scenes,  the  light  fabric  forming  the  skirt  of  her  dress  caught  fire,  and  instantly  enveloped  her  in  flames.  She  was  conveyed  to  the  ladies'  dressing-room,  and  in  great  suffering  lingered  till  morning.  The  doomed  Was..  4  comely  little  gill,  ilA6i  ( STYLE=superscript  14itic  A  favorite!,  TRA.DE  REPORT  ,-MONDAY,  COTTON  :  The  Cotton  market  continues  without  change,  with  a  fair  demand,  and  a  moderate  supply,  prices  are  very  firm.  The  sales,  including  50  Pernambuco,  6d  to  6al  ;  70  Bahia,  bid  80  Maranham,  511  to  6kd  ;  600  Egyptian,  54d  to  8d  ;  2,600  Surat,  31d  to  41d—are  reported  10,000  bales,  of  which  2,000  are  on  speculation  and  PIG  IRON  :  Our  market  for  warrar'  buyers,  cash  ;  77s  6d  sellers.  No  busin(  -  —4  for  71  p  I  at  77a  ,m  at  on  ;  prices  it  about  Tallittli  States;  BLACK  .  0  ,4  !  ;•  LINE  OF  PHILADELPHIA  PACKETS,  Sailing  from  Liverpool  on  the  Ist,  and  from  Philadelphia  on  STALWART  PHILADELPHIA  ....  ....  ...1200  NONPAREIL.  D0N5r......  1500  tons..  April  1.  AVM.  CHAMBERLAIN..  SUILIthIIAN  ..1200  tons...  May  1.  The  Rhips  of  this  Line  are  built  of  the  very  beat  materials,  have  superior  accommodation  for  passengers,  and  are  commanded  by  men  df  experienee  and  ability.  These  ships  will  take  steam  up  the  Dela Delaware.  ware. Delaware.  Apply  to_  _  FAULK  P  001...  Month  RICHARDSON  SPENCE  &amp;  CO.,  Coin  Excholqe.  Brunswick-street  -  LIVERPOOL  &amp;  PHILADELPHIA  •  ,  STEAM-SHIP  COMPANY'S  IRON  SCREW  STEAM-SHIPS  CIT  O  '  BAL  iMORE  2367  tons..  Capt.  Robt.  Leitch  CITY  OF  WAS  lINGTON  2380  tons..  Capt.  Wm,  Wylie.  CITY  OF  MAN  :HESTER  2109  tons..  Capt.  P.  C.  Petrie,  RATES  OF  PASSAGE  FROM  LIVERPOOL.  Cabin,  in  two  berth  state-rooms,  Twenty-one  Guineas  each  berth  ;  Cabin,  In  three-berth  state-rooms,  Seventeen  Guineas  each  berth  ;  Cabin,  in  forward  state-rooms,  Fifteen  Guineas  each  berth—including  provisions  and  steward's  fee.  All  having  the  same  privileges,  and  messing  together.  A  limited  number  of  passengers  will  be  taken  at  Nine  Guineas,  including  as  much  provisions  as  required;  and  these  passengers  are  hereby  i  n  fo  r  med  that  ;n  ord  . STYLE=superscript  r  to  sat  i STYLE=superscript  s  f STYLE=superscript  y  the  require requirements  ments requirements  of  the  Government  Officers,  the  date  filled  into  their  contract  tickets  will  be  in  every  case  the  da,  ,f  the  day  preceding  the  fixed  day  of  sailing.  Th  ese  s  t  eamers  carry  , STYLE=superscript  illp's  Patent  Fire  Anni 'Annihilator.'  An  experienced  Surgeon  is  -1 STYLE=superscript  to  each  steamer  Dogs  charged  ea  each.  Freight  per  t.  Goods,  &amp;c.,  will  be  taken  subject  to  agreeme.  Philadelphia  '  at  4  dollars  80  c  ents  per  Pound  s  ,  Apply,  in  Philadelphia,  to  John  G.  Date,  In  Belfast,  to  Richardson  Brothers  &amp;  Co,  i  n  Carleton;  in  London,  to  Edwards,  Sandford  &amp;  Co,  for  passengers,  and  Pickford  &amp;  Co.,  for  goods;  in  Paris  to  Fred.  Redfern,  8,  Rue  de  la  Paix  ;  in  Havre  to  W.  Davidson  ;  in  Manchester  to  George  Stonier;  and  in  Liverpool  to  WILLIAM  INMAN,  1  and  13,  Tower-buildings.  N.B.—When  the  arrangements  are  completed,  and  sufficient  goods  offer,  One  of  the  above,  or  other  steam-vessels,  will  oroceed  to  BAL BALTIMORE,  TIMORE, BALTIMORE,  calling  at  NO  RPOLK,  Virginia,  or  other  Ports  on  the  Chesapeake,  pin  pr  if  011111Pir.  d  Unmanufactured  ayable  here  or  In  ,Valnut-strcet;  .  to  Cornelius"
