text
"LIVERPOOL  RAOES.-YE  STE  RDAY.  The  Autumn  Meeting  commenced  yesterday,  on  the  Aintree  course  ;  but,  owing  to  the  broken  state  of  the  weather,  the  attendance  was  scanty  in  the  extreme.  There  was  but  one  solitary  carriage  on  the  course,  and  the  occu occupants  pants occupants  of  the  Grand  stand  were  few  and  far  The  ground,  though  somewhat  saturated  from  the  rain  that  fell  in  the  early  part  of  the  day,  was,  on  the  whole,  in  good  running  order.  The  stewards  of  the  course  were,  the  Earl  of  Sefton,  Lord  Waterford,  and  G.  Payne,  Esq.  The  Tyro  Handicap  of  5  sovs.  each;  with  40  sovs.  added,  for  two-year  olds.  Winners  of  any  race,  after  the  publi publication  cation publication  of  the  weights,  slbs.  extra  ;  second  to  receive  10  sovs.,  and  the  third  to  save  his  stake.  Winner  to  pay  6  sovs.  towards  expenses.  One  mile.  Twenty-two  subscribers.  Thirteen  started,  and  the  following  were  placed  :  Mr.  Dawson's,  the  Jealous  One,  b  f  7st.  101  b.  1  Mr.  Worthington's,  Juliet,  br  f  6st.  81b.  .......  Mr.  Jones's  Adelaide,  b  f  'ist.  121  b.  The  Sefton  Autumn  Mandicap  of  5  sovs.  each,  with  200  sovs.  added.  Certain  winners  extra.  Second  to  receive  25  sow.,  and  the  .third  10  sovs.  out  of  the  stakes,  and  the  winner  to  pay  20  sovs.  towards  the  expenses  of  the  Judge,  &amp;c.  One  mile  and  three-quarters.  Fifty-five  subscribers.  Twenty-five  horses  came  to  the  post,  and  after  one  false  start,  got  well  away  together.  Throughout  their  relative  positions  changed  but  slightly,  and  it  was  difficult  to  dis distinguish  tinguish distinguish  the  third  placed  from  the  rere,  who  were  close  up  to  him.  The  following  were  placed  :  Mr.  C.  Spencer's  b  c  St.  Michael,  6st.  61b.  Mr.  Brown's  br  g  by  the  Ugly  Buck,  sst.  61b.  2  _•_  •  _"
