text
"committee  to  punish  the  Robertson),  would  be  very  glad'  toget  hold  of  for  the  pur pur-49  -49 pur-49  -would  recommend  Arr.  Hodiminiat,,to  make  those  prepared  j  - STYLE=superscript  iiroa  4 STYLE=superscript  itiid  if  . STYLE=superscript  he  would  not  the  committeelht  oppktunity  of  investigat investigating,  ing, investigating,  he  had  no  right  to  say  that  they  shrunk  from  their  duty.  ;  It  - STYLE=superscript  4as  execedinglyttlielkalte  police_  force  that  the  niaev  and  the  innocent  shotild  'euffer  for  the  few  black  sheep  ammtig  them,  whom  the  watch  committee'  could  not  weed  out  when.tbose  whO  made  the  charges  woulthntit  come  for forward  ward forward  to  substantiate  them  ;  and  it  was  unfair  •  to  •the  mittee,who  were-doing  all  in  `thefr  .  po  ;  Wer  to  render  the  police  force  a  thoroughly:efficient,  bo4,  , STYLE=superscript  to  be  denied  the  onportu;i  nity  of  investigating  eharees  Which  were  publicly  made  in  the  council  a,gainst  . STYLE=superscript  them.  (Heai',nhear.)  Mr.  Aiken  said  that,  as  a  new  member  of  the  council,  .tha.f,  whiot  he  observed'  with'i&#34;the  most  regret  ;  was:  tibs  conduct  °roue  on  two  gentlemen  toWards•the  watch  com comritlitee.  ritlitee. comritlitee.  'He  thotigh  t  I  the-  attempt  bf  Mt:  Hodson  'to  ptitfile  ,watch  committee  .iu,  a  false  positiorl,  by,.making,  it  to,  :be  !inferred  that•  they  were  actuated  by  personal  motives  against  himself,  and  by  ,  charging  them  with  making  a  perSen,o  'AMA&#34;`upon'  him,  'was  an  exceedingly  unvverthy  way  - STYLE=superscript  of,  theeting  the  question—Of  meeting,  too,  the  charge  that  bad,  •been  brought;  not  against  himself',  but  against  the  watch  committee.  (Hear,  hear.)  it  aright  thing  .for  a  tenqeinqn  to  rise  in  the  council•reom,  ,  and  ;directly,;‘o  ;  ,aoeßsi)  an  important  conaniittee,of.  grosslymegleetinutheir  duty,  and,  when  called  upon  to  justify  his  language;  that  . STYLE=superscript  he  Was'persbnally  attaclied  by  thAefinniteet  ?  The'y  o  pnllgd,qp9P  44,403.91:4114,his  cloy,  hy:  gilingi  l  tiaem  the  opportunity  of  investigating  his  deliberate  statement-  , STYLE=superscript  4batl  there  were  piti  ice  in'tbe  habit'  of  pityin'o  l STYLE=superscript  464  a  week  to  the  police-to  escape-fines  ;  and  yet,  while:refusing  ,  -ttrclo  - STYLE=superscript  scr,.  he  ?id  iidtlfesOater  6  - STYLE=superscript  repeat  the  ehargel  he  did  tetililde  hid  head,  and  blush  to  tatjt  that  'he;  a  member  of  the  council,  whose  (1114'4  WO  'to  bring  to,light  these  offences,  and  to  the  v STYLE=superscript  eitinpit!ee  in  punishing:  the  offenders,  was  cognisant  - STYLE=superscript  iat  by  gp,ncealing  it  he  became  a  party  to,  )  NkdOphi,  in  such  a  large  force,  there  were  some  'hien  Who'.  Wonld  err  when  temptation  was  presentedW,b  theutthat  was  po,nicuse  ,fo`r:  Mr  °title  ffic  411  ear,  ffoason  to  hal  : STYLE=superscript  ge  by  them  •  ma.:o  a  sweepAg  c  ,  telling  it  was  notorious  thatthe  pnrce  took  bribes  ;•  and  then,  when  pressed  'to  snb snb'staritihte  'staritihte snb'staritihte  it,  refusing  to  give  the  committee  the'ofmortunitY  of  detecting  the  delin'quent.l  It  was  a  gross  dereliction  of  pul,lic  duty  in  Mr.  Hodson  to  have  conducted  himself  in  such  a  . STYLE=superscript  .manntir  in  this  case  '  •  and  if  Mr:  Hodson,  or  any  other  member,  of  the  council  ,  brought  forward  such  charges  again  in  suell'a,WaY,  he  should  excuse  the  council  if  they  treated  them  in  the  only  way;  in  which  they  deserved  to  be  treatedin  (  )&#34;'  Mr.  4  1 STYLE=superscript  0Pf  1,7 STYLE=superscript  9n  -, STYLE=superscript  ParicrOP9ll  l STYLE=superscript  red  AlkatJke STYLE=superscript  prided_himaoli  al  being  a  common  brewer  —(laup.:hte!)--ond  that  in..his  yonng  days'  he  certainly  ;Woad  Bare  timveA  a.  cite  of  'want  of-confidence  in  Mr.  giodsoa-4  - STYLE=superscript  lapghter)—for  his  condud,  in.1%4  / STYLE=superscript  chie,  .  '  •  •  '  •  Mr,  Godfrey  sai  I  Illaitbp  j  relolutiort  '  of  ihe  council,  in  referet;66'  to  the  chairniiii,  retnnidhaibim  of  Shak,p  e  a  r  e'  s  pl  ay  of  ado  ablut  He  had...'said  nothing  againsttlfd  eimittnan,  but  l'ios  - STYLE=superscript  triftd  4  . STYLE=superscript  cts  which  no  member  of  the--oeuieil—c,oUld  deny.  He  .h  ti'  that  itole  •of  toe  timber  .  ,  :fliere  might  found'  few  ,exceptions,  who  were  not  guilty  of  bribing  the  police,  either  personally,  or  through  their  servants.  ,  (Criep  of  oh  !  oh  !)  The  Mayo*'  here  interrupted  Mr.  GOdfrey,  and*  said  that  those  broatLallegations.could-not  be  allowed.  (ffeaffhear.)  Mr.  G  frey  continued  to-say,  that  if  there  Wercrobstacles  in  the  war  of  the  timber  trade,  they  should  b  e  p  ro  p  er  l  y  removed,  but  that  those  engaged..  in  it  ought  not  to  tempt  the'  police,  as,  prob  ably,  by-and-bye  the  police  - STYLE=superscript  Might  improve  on  it  and  compronlisd  felonies.  .Iderman  Lang3dalc  ;  filave  been  referred  to,  Uean,say  .Is,  that  I  never  gave  any  body  a  bribe.  ,d  to  my  carte  s  a  very  re  raitfthirr)  iv  no  fi  ind  I  'am  positive  al;  of  my  own  existenee  After  that;  the  siestiori  is  at  rest  I  lared,  that  as  a  timber  merchant,  thirty thirtys  s thirtys  in  the  trade,  bc  had  been  often  4ned,  but  that  he  Beckwith  Johnson  d  I4('.,prfi4e4ings  were  tben  confirmed.  DO.9K  CONIMITyIZE  The  proceeclinkg,  resatotious,  and  directions  of  the  Dock  Committee  were  read.  •  Mr.  Charles  Ttirne'r  sail  :  Mr.  Mayor  ;  In  moving  the  confirmation  of,  fhilJe  prOgeedings  the  only  subject  tb  which'  I  think*  it  - STYLE=superscript  neeesSary  to  refer,  is  that  which  refers  to  the  reviseklitchedule  ,of  'dock  rates.  ThsoDock  COMmittee;  having  taken  their  financial  position  intcramsideration,  not  merely  i  1  its  eNisting  state,.but  as  regarels.its'  futuriistate,  in  sa  far  as  it  'May  be  effected  by  tbo-  state'  of44  .  tOvhich  we'are  ht  pieient  - STYLE=superscript  engagetr,  the'lhoteased:presaine  upon,  the  Moneyinarket,  and  th  e  tonnage  - STYLE=superscript  consequent  Upon  alteratipd,:  fl;u;  • STYLE=superscript  =ode  of  measuring  ships  authorised  by  the  act  of  Parliament  passed  , STYLE=superscript  during  the  last'  session  came'to  the  unanimous  aetermittatien  that  it  Was  an  aFt  pf  prudBpee,  at  l'ea44,i,f„pot,  of  liecessity,  to  .make  snipe  lacrease  npoli  the  eleoliirales)wbich  had  previously  e*istecl?,  In  fact,  it  was  abundantly  evident  that  theetiltlng  inconfe  of  the'  doeld  estate;'  as`'  abouiiilii`llie  years!  1'864-55,  ,would  .not  he  sutDciertt.tp,cover  •th  expenditurel  and  the  dock  gommitte  Qt  'Considered  that  it  was  'not  'OeTrable  thatl:i  shonld  be  left  in  any  manner  of  .d  ou  b  t  fo,whetlier  the  iabothe'of  thedock  estate  would  meet  or  not  its  exi)e4jture.  ...kliear  r  ,  hear.)  -  Mom&amp;  gentler  - STYLE=superscript  nen  thou  ht  that  it  have  been  left  with  safety  to  . STYLE=superscript  the  increase  of  trade,  but  the  dock  committee  generally  considered  it  of  so  :much  importance,  to  have  it  established  without  dahlif  that  the  income  ,of.  the  estate  would  be  amply  .suffi .suffielent.  elent. .suffielent.  to  meet  T STYLE=superscript  itkn,7;aftenieitis  expenditure,  that  they  determined  . STYLE=superscript  npon  an  itictease  of  i STYLE=superscript  t'lfe  r4te'sqn  the  way  which  was  alluded  to  in  the  -- STYLE=superscript  resolutions.  The  State  of  things  which  I:hrtve  deedribed  'arose  partly  from  the  inerew4  amount  of  money  spent  up  on  Eicklitional  shed  accommodation  and  otllSEAP44s  , STYLE=superscript  vviliqiiit  although  they  have  been,  and  will  be;  of,lll4,el;4l_aflvantage,  to  the  trade  -p4  the  port,  yet,  as  gentieitiee  `connected  with  commercial  affairs  will  be  , STYLE=superscript  •aivarc  . STYLE=superscript  '  not  bring  ''  of  an  Increase  (1.1 STYLE=superscript  000  s STYLE=superscript  tiO  dock  ;  estate:::  We  have  l  so  ad  some  ,increase  of  charges  from.  matters  which  ,will,  cveutuallT,  I  think,  be  a  souroe  'of  great  - STYLE=superscript  profit  to  the  dook  estate,  such  es  the,  warelr,nnses  at,present:ln.a  x  i  steaPe  i  '41064'  hind  purchateS  t STYLE=superscript  ipade,  titt'which,  at  present,  are  a  borthenraVoil  the  existing  dock  funds.  Bat,  sir,  there  is  one  item  shOklike  to:sayi  4a4  a  very  material  infltiehce'iipori  - STYLE=superscript  thd  minds  of  the  dock  ,con?,in'ttee—that  is,  the  increase  itrihe  rate  of  interest  whsqh,llas  taken  place  sip*  the.eciinmencement  of  the  war.  -Th  e  debt  o  f  th  e  dock  estate,  at  the  present  time,  is,  as  most  of  the  council  are  £5,400,000:  ;'-okfentletticti'  '  Will  see  at  a  th  t  :an  :increase  L.,  of  Ode  per  cent,  on  tile  - STYLE=superscript  interest  wouhl  i  ,  add  at  -  £54,000  a  year  tO  'the  eipenilitureAif  ;  the  dock  committee.  If  the  average  fat:e  :  of,interest  in  times  of  perm  be  31'  per  cent,  and  in  times  of  war  he  raised  to  per  cent  or  per  cent,  as  I  believe  it  will'  be,•,in  .4the  one  480.414s*oiilij  be  aii  i  ncrease  Vll4  e  i  xoWiiiitre  of  4,000  _year.  xand,  in  the  other  year  added  to  that  aOtin,  making  together  £Bl,OOO.  -  The  committee  thought  it  absolutely  negpssarr  t  o,provide  for  that.  state  df  •:things.•  •  •  Then  Aeon',  sir,  the  , STYLE=superscript  all  0-Mien  T  loch•WEir  it*  in  '  the  vreaswement  ship§;'etifeillo  avki•age  '  'pf  . STYLE=superscript  tka:iling  Vessels'  :  ktil  ' STYLE=superscript  al  to  a  reduction  on  thc,  rate  which  previously  existed  of.  fully  ten  prr  cent..  Ships  measured-  under  the  new  act•  would  measure  ;  fatly  ten  per  cent,.  lesi.  they-  previously_  did.  This,  of  course,  as  we  'are  obliged  to  take  the, STYLE=superscript  tonnage  1  as  the  tonnage  upon  which  the  rates  are  to  be  levied.,  will  r'4R,4.4igainution  of  the  dock  rates  upon  tonnage  to  the  d  same  extent.  As  regard-  aware,  glane  teamboats,  the  rate  by  a  cjanse  tohiCh  IS  in  the  dorrki  further  dttninisheci.  believe  the  diminution  upon  steamboats  will  be  considerably  more  than-  that  I  have  mentioned,  Takin&amp; STYLE=superscript  'all  these  e  matte  rs,  sir,  into  consideration,  the  clock  entninittee,  as  I  previouslY  stated,  thought  that  as  a  matter  of  Prudence,  at  least,  if,  not  as  a  matter  of  absrdute  necessity,  it  was  most  dis-irable  that  they  should  put  the  income  of  the  estate  beyond  all  question,  by,  proposing  to  increase  the  rates  in  the  manner  which  has  been  deSoribed  in  the  resolution.  The  inetease  upon  the  tonnage  rate  is  just  tc  n  cent;;  which  doe'i  not  more  than  meet  the'diminntion  w STYLE=superscript  uinhiii.caused  -by  the  new  measurement  of  ships.  Upon  goodi  the  iscrease  , STYLE=superscript  eenerally  is  about  frOm  ten  tq  tlNielve,and tlNielve,andtiAttif-per  tiAttif-per tlNielve,andtiAttif-per  emit  ThCre'  are  some  goods  Upon  which  -  . STYLE=superscript  .the  keel  jhgvanse  it  .watil.ll43  opinion  of  the"
