text
"LIVERPOOL.  •  CLAIM  FOR  SEAMAN'S  WAGES.--IMPORTANT  DECISION  Mr.  Owens,  solicitor  appeared  on  behalf  of  a  seaman  named  Alexander  M'Farlane,  to  make  a  claim  for  a  balance  of  wages  against  John  Cunningham,  owner  of  the  ship  Har 'Harlequin,'  amounting  to  £l.l  ss.  The  claimant  shipped  at  Glasgow  for  the  voyage  to  Demerara  at  £3  13s.  per  month,  and  the  owner  of  the  vessel  sought  to  make  certain  deduc deductions  tions deductions  on  account  of  habitual  drunkenness  on  the  part  of  clai claimant,  mant, claimant,  and  other  incompetence  for  duty,  from  the  time  that  the  vessel  reached  Demerara.  The  captain,  Henry  Brooks,  was  about  to  read  the  log-book  in  support  of  this,  when  Mr.  Owens  objected  that  no  item  on  the  log  could  be  given  in  evidence  against  the  claim  of  his  client,  inasmuch  as  they  had  not  been  read  over  to  him,  which  the  captain  was  bound  to  do  under  the  amended  mercantile  marine  act,  either  at  the  time  of  entry,  or  as  soon  as  it  conveniently  could  be  done  afterwards  ;  now  this  had  not  been  done.  In  reply  to  this  the  captain  stated  on  oath,  that  he  could  not  read  the  log  to  the  man  at  the  time,  inasmuch  as  he  was  in  a  state  of  in intoxication,  toxication, intoxication,  and  he  had  been  habitually  so  until  he  went  into  the  hospital  at  Antigua.  The,  magistrates  said  that  they  would  request  the  attendance  of  Mr.  MUnSfield  from  the  other  Court,  to  explain  exactly  the  law  on  this  point.  Mr.  Mansfield  on  entering,  said  the  law  on  the  as  stated  on  behalf  of  the  claimant,  but  there  were  mi  r  .  in  the  cases  of  habitual  drunkenness,  mutinous  conduct,  or  absolute  incompetency.  However,  it  was  quite  necessary  that  even  in  these  cases,  the  log  should  be  read  for  the  man  as  soon  as  circumstances  would  allow,  if  he  had  not  left  the  ship  altogether.  In  this  case  it  did  not  appear  to  have  been  read  at  all,  therefore  it  could  not  be  brought  forward  nor  de depended  pended depended  upon  in  any  way  as  evidence  against  the  claim  ;  but  the  captain  might  be  heard  in  support.  of  any  set  off  not  in  the  shape  of  forfeiture  of  wages.  The  captain  then  proved  very  bad  conduct  on  the  part  of  the  man.  On  the  arrival  of  the  vessel  at  Demerara  he  had  commenced  drinking,  and  was  of  no  further  use  to  him;  but  he  had  to  go  into  the  hospital  for  sixteen  days,  and  the  expenses  there  paid  by  the  captain  were  £1  10s.  The  magistrates  said  that  £1  10s.  should  be  deducted  from  the  claim  for  the  hospital  expenses,  with  half  a  month's  wages  for  the  time  lost  by  M'Farline  in  the  hos hospital,  pital, hospital,  as  both  losses  were  caused  by  his  own  misconduct,  and  the  balance,  £3  1  ls.  6d.,  paid  to  him,  but  they  would  allow  no  costs.  subject  was.  STEALING  Run.  —John  Rimmer  was  charged  by  Officer  77,  who  stated  that  between  9  and  10  o'clock  on  Saurnay  evening,  he  meet  prisoner  coming  out  of  the  gate  of  Prince's  dock,  with  two  bottles  of  rum  in  his  waistcoat  pocket.  Mr.  Bushell,  spirit-broker,  of  Dale-street,  identified  the  pro property,  perty, property,  he  said  that  the  prisoner  had  been  employed  that  day  by  some  of  his  people,  and  he  was  very  glad  to  find  he  had  been  detected,  as  an  infamous  system  of  plundering  was  zoing  on  The  Magistrates  said,  there  was  man  in  good  employment  and  your  wages,  committing  an  act  ;  he  must  therefore  go  to  prison  for  14  days.  no  excuse  for  a  such  CHARGE  OF  STEALING  AND  RECEIVING  PROPERTY.-  Wm  Davies  and  Mary  Davies,  mother  and•  son,  and  William  Blackwood,  a  very  respeetable-looking  man,  were  placed  at  the  bar;  the  boy  charged  with  stealing,  the  mother  with  receiving,  and  Blackwood  with  buying  a  chain,  part  of  some  fewellery,  stole  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Blundell,  71,  Great  George-street.  The  prisoner  William  Davies  rand  boy  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Blundell  intrusted  with  this  chain  to  deliver  to  a  customer,  on  his  w  4  met  a  boy  in  Church-street,  who  had  run  away  from  school,  to  whom  he  gave  the  chain  to  sell.  This  boy  brought  him  back  one  shilling.  The  chain  was  foumd  with  Mr.  Black Blackwood,  wood, Blackwood,  who  when  asked  by  the  officer  about  it,  at  once  ad admitted  mitted admitted  that  he  had  bought  it;  he  said  that  he  grave  the  boy  from  whom  he  bought  it  seven  shillings,  and  it  was  worth  very  little  more.  The  Magistrates  said  that  it  was  worth  a  great  deal  more,  but  that  there  was  no  evidence  at  all  against  Blackwood  or  the  mother  of  the  boy,  and  they  must  both  be  discharged.  They  would  also  discharge  the  boy  who  had  been  sufficiently  punished  by  loss  of  character  and  situation.  was  an  er-  and  being  GAROTTING  BY  AN  ARTILLERY  MAN.—Peter  Dunne,  a  great,  hulking  fellow,  in  the  regimentals  of  the  Lancashire  Artillery,  was  brought  up  by  .  629,  charged  with  stealing  255.  from  Patrick  Kirwin,  a  simple  Irish  labourer.  Kirwin  stated  that  he  was  going  to  the  steamer,  in  which  he  had  paid  his  passage  to  Dublin,  on  Friday  night,  when  he  met  a  man  who  induced  him  to  enter  a  house,  and  whilst  there,  a  sovereign  had  been  taken  out  of  his  purse.  On  coming  put  he  met  the  prisoner,  who  asked  him  what  was  amiss  with  him,  and  told  him  he  was  a  policeman  in  disguise.  The  poor  fellow  believed  this  on  account  of  the  regimental  suit,  and  followed  the  brigand  into  a  dark  corner,  where  two  other  villains  in  plain  clothes,  came  up  under•  pretenCe  of  consulting.  Suddenly  he  was  pinioned  round  the  neck  with  a  handkerchief,  and  half  cholked,  whilst  the  prisoner  took  the  purse  and  the  remaining  255.  from  his  pocket.  The  case,  which  the  magistrates  pronounced  a  serious  one,  was  remanded  to  this  day,  as  the  police  expect  to  get  further  evi evidence.  dence. evidence.  A  SLEEPING  DRAUGHT.—A  Scotch  gentleman,  appeared  to  prooaouto  a  man  giving  his  name  as  John  Aforgan.  He  said  that  he  arrived  here  from  Glasgow,  on  Friday  week.  He  drank  a  glass  of  ale  at  the  Railway  Refreshment-rooms,  and  then  went  to  have  a  walk  about  the  town,  which  he  had  never  been  in  before-  After  some  time  he  went  into  a  public  house  to  have  another  glass  of  ale,  and  as  soon  as  he  drank  it  he  became  insensible.  When  he  firet  recollected  himself,  he  was  in  a  cab  with  two  strange  men,  driving  in  a  place  they  called  the  Park.  He  felt  the  hand  of  one  of  them  in  his  pocket,  and  directly  afterwards,  they  got  out  of  the  cab  by  oue  door,  and  came  in  by  another  again.  He  recol recollected  lected recollected  nothing  further  than  this,  till  he  found  himself  in  the  police  station.—Mr.  Mansfield  :  What  did  you  drink  that  day  ?  Complainant  :  I  drank  only  the  two  glasses  of  ale  before  becoming  insensible  ;  what  I  drank  afterwards,  or  if  I  drank  anything,  I  cannot  tell.—Mr.  Mansfield  ;  What  did  you  lose  ?  Complainant  :  £9  los.  Od.  and  a  silver  lever  watch.  A  man  named  Darbyshire,  who  keeps  a  beer  shop,  in  Gloucester-street,  deposed  that  the  prosecutor  with  two  other  men,  came  to  his  house  in  a  cab,  and  called  for  ale.  Witness  perceived  the  gentleman  very  stupid,  and  after  a  while  he  became  insensible,  on  which,  he  (witness)  made  the  other  men  call  a  second  cab  and  take  him  away  again.  Mr.  Clough  applied  to  have  the  case  remanded  to  this  day,  when  he  expected  to  bring  forward  much  additional  evidence.  Re Remanded  manded Remanded  accordingly.  A  man  named  Dawson,  was  charged  with  having  broken  a  large  pane  of  plate  glass,  in  the  Old  Swan  public  house,  Lime-street.  It  appeared  that  the  man  had  had  some  drink,  and  after  coming  out  dashed  the  pane  in.  In  his  defence,  he  alleged  that  it  was  accidental,  but  as  it  appeared  from  the  circumstances  stated,  to  have  been  a  wanton  and  unprovoked  act,  he  was  sentenced  to  pay  £2,  the  value  of  the  glass,  and  costs,  or  be  imprisoned  for  a  month.  -  BIRKENHEAD.  (Before  J.  D.  CASE,  and  J.  S.  JACKSON,  Esqrs.)  THE  ADVANTAGES  OF  A  THICK  SCIIIIL.—:  William  ITGarry,  and  Catherine  M'Garry,  his  wife,  were  brought  up  by  warrant,  for  assaulting,  beating,  and  wounding  John  Byrnes  ;  and  the  following  evidence  was  adduced  in  support  of  the  charge  :—John  Byrnes  deposed  that  he  lives  at  No.  45,  Brook-street,  Birkenhead.  On  Wednesday,  the  sth  of  going  October,  at  about  8  o'clock  in  the  evening,  he  was  down  Back  Beckwith-street,  when  he  called  into  a  court  in  that  street  to  see  a  man  named  Thomas  Dogherty.  He  was  accompanied  by  Elizabeth  Donnegan  '  •  Dogherty  was  not  at  home;  he  then  returned  up  the  court  by  the  same  way;  he  saw  the  prisoner,  William  M'Garry  standing  at  the  en entrance,  trance, entrance,  with  his  arms  folded  ;  he  said  it  was  a  wet  night  as  deponent  passed  him.  He  said  and  walked  on  to  the  house  where  Elizabeth  Donnegan  resides.  On  retiring  from  it,  he  had  again  to  pass  the  house  where  he  had  seen  M'Garry  standing.  He  saw  him  in  the  same  place,  and  he  asked  him  if  he  had  said  he  was  as  good  a  man  as  walked  in  that  street.  Deponent  said  something  in  reply  to  this,  but  neither  threatened  him  nor  gave  him  any  other  provocation.  M'  Garry,  on  the  word,  unfolded  his  arms,  and  before  he  could  prevent  him,  struck  him  a  severe  blow  on  the  head  with  some  heavy  instrument.  Upon  receiving  the  blow  he  put  up  his  hand  to  protect  himself,  but  he  did  not  believe  he  struck  the  prisoner.  Prisoner  continued  to  strike  him  several  times,  so  that  he  rendered  him  partially  insen insensible.  sible. insensible.  Some  female  came  to  the  court  with  a  candle  in  her  hand,  and  by  .  its  light  he  could  see  that  M'Garry  had  a  pavior's  hammer  in  his  hand,  and  lie  again  struck  him  with  the  hammer.  He  can  only  recollect,  after  it,  that  Wm.  Clarke  came  to  his  assistance  '  and  prevented  further  injury.  Clarke  afterwards  brought  him  into  the  house  of  William  Dogherty,  where  a  doctor  attended  him.  Sarah  Dogherty  and  William  Clarke  supported  the  evidence  of  the  complainant,  and  in  addition,  the  surgeon  proved  that  he  dressed  five  wounds  on  his  scalp,  which  had  penetrated  to  the  bone,  another  one  on  the  forehead,  and  a  third  on  the  nose.  That  on  the  nose  originated  from  a  blow  given  by  the  defendant's  wife,  to  the  complainant,  with  a  poker.  The  magistrates  were  at  first  disposed  to  treat  the  case  sum summarily,  marily, summarily,  but  finding  from  the  evidence,  that  it  required  a  much  greater  penalty  than  they  had  the  power  of  inflicting  summarily,  they  determined  . STYLE=superscript  on  sending  it  to  the  sessions  for  trial.  Wlicreupon  the  prosecutor  interceded  for  the  wife  of  the  defendant,  as  she  had  a  young  baby  in  her  arms,  he  would  forgive  her,  as  he  believed  she  would  not  have  inflicted  the  injury  had  she  not  been  .  incited  by  her  husband.  _Henry  Jones  was  brought  up  in  custody  of  dock  police policeofficer  officer policeofficer  Gurd,  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  rope  from  the  steamer  Gulliver.  It  appears  that  the  Gulliver  was  lying  in  the  Birkenhead  Dock,  and  the  hawser  left  on  board.  Shortly  after,  on  the  same  day,  two  boys  purchased  the  hawser,  which  weighed  above  1  cwt.  weight,  and  made  their  appear appearance  ance appearance  at  the  dock  gate,  when  they  were  stopped  by  the  dock  gateman,  .  to  whom  theyLproduced  an.  or  d  e  r,  p  urpor  ti  ng  to  be  eignpil  thq  paptel  __lie  steamer  Gulliver,  of  Greenock,  thattthey  miKbitqbi  av  9  ,‘  ,vsd  to  pass  with  a  piece  o  f  h  awser  ,  but  PliCtOlt,ganiek-jthmediately  detected  that  the  order  fm  erg  t  o  u  r  ;  the  hawser  and  the  b  o  y  s  ,.  an  d  ;  pr  g  ption  of  the  person  they  had  ,  f  4eait,pf;:b4  yhts  d  to  apprehend  the  pris  oner  .  bero  .  rr  r  e  magistrates,  denied  having  s.  11Le  JO*:  having  .  received  part  .of  the  ,  AO  -.  wa  g  .  - STYLE=superscript  101  Whereupon  the  magistrates  ordmedilfgAelshoildtand  remanded  until  this  day,  that  thettiPlc9m.nalteArsther  eßCeiitS.  i  &#34;A'  U  R  11,13  MURDER  —DISTRESSING  CASE—The  case  of  a  lady  of  respectability,  who  was  charged  with  having  cut  her  child's  throat,  came  before  the  Court  to-day.  Wishing  to  avoid  doing  anything  that  may  be  painful  to  the  feelings  of  her  friends,  we  abstain  from  mentioning  names.  She  is  a  married  lady,  of  prepossessing  appearance,  about  four  and"
