text
"vary  in  its  operations,  according  to  the  circum-  stances,  prosperous  or  advers  occasion  THE  subject  of  STRIKES  has  a  peculiar  interest  a  the  present  moment.  It  must  always  have  ar  intimate  bearing  upon  the  commerce  and  manufac  tures  of  the  country.  Even  at  this  time,  when  on]  free  commercial  policy  is  yet  developing  itself,  anc  the  transition  from  restriction  to  freedom,  it  the  practical  results  of  that  policy,  is  still  going  on  it  certainly  deserves STYLE=superscript  more  than  ordinary  attention  That  the  general  prevalence  of  strikes  just  nov  affords  evidence  of  prosperity,  cannot,  we  think,  b(  questioned.  There  is  undoubtedly  a  reversal  o  the  old  order  of  things,  under  which  the  producing  classes  of  this  country  restraint  instead  of  liberty,  was  the  characteristi  of  our  commercial  system.  The  demand  in  the  market  of  labour  exceeds  the  supply.  We  are  not  blind  to  the  fact,  that  some  other  causes  have  been  at  work  besides  an  unrestrictive  policy,  to  produce  ,  of  each  particular  It  is  not,  then,  too  much  to  hope,  that  there  is  nothing  in  such  transactions  to  make  it  necessary  for  bodies  of  workmen  to  declare  war  against  their  employers,  as  they  have  done  in  many  parts  of  the  kingdom,  and  more  particularly  in  our  own  coun county,  ty, county,  in  order  to  obtain  the  wages  to  which  they  be  fairly  entitled.  We  would  counsel  for forbearance  bearance forbearance  on  both  sides.  Let  not  the  masters  stint  the  hire  of  their  workmen,  when  they  can  afford  to  give  it  liberally  ;  but  let  not,  on  the  other  hand,  the  workmen  be  either  too  exacting  in  their  de demands,  mands, demands,  or  too  rash  in  enforcing  them,  The  one  party  should  remember,  that  they  cannot  be  em employed  ployed employed  at  all  unless  their  employments  will  yield  a  profit;  and  the  other,  should  never  forget,  that  trade  by  which  he  profits  largely,  deserves  to  be  rewarded  liberally.  If  it  be  true,  that  industry  is  the  philosopher's  stone,  which  turns  all  metals,  and  even  stones,  into  gold,  surely  they  who  com combine  bine combine  to  wield  so  magic  an  influence  should,  as  fellow-labourers,  share  in  the  due  appropriation  have  too  long  suffered,  when  I  of  so  precious  a  product.  IT  is  not  an  agreeable  subject  to  enter  upon  discussing;  but  to  one  that  is  so  full  of  pressing,  though  painful  interest,  as  the  cholera  undoubtedly  is,  we  cannot  too  early  direct  our  attention.  For  the  pestilenceis  not  only  in  this  country  again,  but  it  is  at  our  very  doors.  Our  object,  however,  is  not  to  create  alarm,  but  to  counsel  precaution.  We  believe  that  it  is  quite  possible,  if  not  to  arrest  the  progress  of  the  scourge,  at  least  to  check  its  ravages  ;  and  if  ever  it  could  with  truth  be  said,  that  to  be  forewarned  was  to  be  forearmed,  it  will  be  found  so,  in  truth,  with  respect  to  this  fresh  visitation  of  so  fearful  a  plague.  The  circumstances  of  Liverpool,  in  connection  with  such  a  subject,  are  rather  peculiar.  In  the  first  place,  in  point  of  general  density  of  popula population,  tion, population,  it  considerably  exceeds  all  other  English  towns,  having  as  many  as  100,000  inhabitants  to  the  square  mile,—while  Manchester  has  only  83,000,  and  Birmingham  not  more  than  33,000  to  the  square  mile.  Then,  until  lately,  a  most  vicious  construction  of  the  dwellings  of  the  working  classes  has  prevailed  ;  while  their  situation  has  generally  been  very  unfavourable.  When  the  Health  of  Town's  Commission,  a  few  years  back,  visited  our  town,  it  was  put  on  record,  that  as  many  as  55,532  of  its  inhabitants  lived  in  courts,  and  as  many  as  20,160  in  cellars—that  there  were  as  many  as  1,982  of  these  courts,  and  6,294  inhabited  cellars—and  that  the  arrangement  was  such  as  to  bid  defiance  to  the  entrance  of  fresh  air,  and  to  render  its  free  circulation  a  matter  of  impossibility.  Of  the  courts,  it  was  ascertained  that  nearly  one-third  were  closed  at  both  ends,  that  but  about  half  were  open  at  one  end,  and  that  only  about  a  fourth  were  open  at  both  ends;  while,  as  to  the  cellars,  it  was  found  that  they  were  generally  but  some  ten  or  twelve  feet  square,  frequently  less  than  six  feet  in  height,  occasionally  without  any  window,  too  often  having  only  the  bare  earth  for  a  floor,  and  thus,  of  necessity,  both  dark  and  damp.  The  streets  inhabited  chiefly  by  the  working  the  Report  at  the  time  stated,  are  on  an  aver average,  age, average,  perhaps,  about  eight  yards  in  width;  they  sel seldom  dom seldom  exceed  ten,  and  sometimes  not  more  than  five  yards  across.  Each  house  is  usually  occupied  by  two  or  more  families,  exclusive  of  the  cellar  ;  and  most  of  the  densely  peopled  lodging-houses  are  situated  in  these  streets.  As  a  general  rule,  the  houses  have  no  thorough  draught,  being  frequently  built  up  against  the  houses  in  the  courts  Then  their  numerous  population  had  scarcely  any  means  of  disposing  of  the  large  amount  of  refuse  organic  matter  necessarily  eliminated,  so  as  to  prevent  its  contaminating  the  atmosphere  ;  while  the  drainage  was  generally  bad,  and  the  supply  of  water  defective.  Many  thousands,  therefore,  of  our  neighbours  were  compelled  by  the  circumstances  of  their  position,  to  breathe  a  most  corrupt  atmos atmosphere,  phere, atmosphere,  and  to  dwell  amongst  filth,  a  state  of  things  which  was  most  conducive  to  the  prevalence  of  epidemic  disease,  and  which  had,  no  doubt,  a  powerful  effect  in  aggrevating  the  virulence  of  the  cholera.  But  these  evils  have  been  mitigated.  We  refer  to  them  only  for  the  purpose  of  comparing  them  with  our  present  improved  condition,  and  deriving  hope  from  the  contrast.  Local  Acts  are  in  force,  under  the  operation  of  which  a  better  construction  of  dwell dwellings  ings dwellings  for  the  working  population  has  been  promoted— promotedproper  proper promotedproper  ventilation  has  been  secured—efficient  sewer  age  has  been  provided—and  more  effectual  means  have  been  placed  within  the  reach  of  even  the  poorest  classes,  of  disposing  of  their  refuse  organic  So  that  we  are  in  an  infinitely  better  position  than  before,  for  grappling  with  such  a  foe  as  that  which  now  threatens  to  invade  us  again.  Another,  and  a  most  important  consideration,  is  the  improved  condition  -of  the  great  bulk  of  our  working  population,  arising  from  the  general  plen plentifulness  tifulness plentifulness  of  employment,  and  the  better  wages  which  most  of  them  are  enabled  to  obtain.  In  this  point  of  view,  we  may  regard  the  recent  reforms  in  our  fiscal  and  commercial  policy  to  have  had  a  powerful  sanitary  effect  upon  large  bodies  of  the  people,  whose  comforts  have  been  augmented,  and  their  health  promoted.  It  is  the  remark  of  Dr.  Southwood  Smith,  any  deterioration  in  the  physical  condition  of  the  poorer  classes  would  not  only  make  them  more  liable  to  be  attacked  with  epidemic  disease,  but  would  render  the  disease  more  severe  and  fatal;  whereas,  the  better  they  are  fed,  and  the  warmer  they  are  clothed,  the  greater  is  their  resisting  And  certainly  our  poorer  classes  are  now  both  better  fed,  and  more  warmly  clothed,  because  they  find  the  means  of  living  so  much  within  their  reach.  There  is  a  decided  change  for  the  better,  too,  in  the  moral  habits  of  many  of  the  working  classes.  Our  schools  have  not  been  without  their  influence.  Our  Baths  and  Wash-houses  have  had  a  good  effect.  And  if  cleanliness  be  a  social  virtue,  it  is  also  a  physical  protection.  Still,  amid  all  this  encouragement,  let  us  not  rest  in  any  false  security—as  false  that  must  en entirely  tirely entirely  be  so  long  as  any  proper  precaution  re remains  mains remains  to  be  taken.  We  have  yet  amongst  us  too  much  filth  and  foulness,  to  render  it  at  all  possible  that  we  shall  escape  another  visitation  of  the  pestilence  which  is  again  in  our  isle,  and  which,  at  this  very  moment,  for  aught  we  know,  may  be  hovering  over  our  heads.  Nor  has  it  lost  any  of  its  fatal  viru virulence  lence virulence  since  last  it  was  felt  as  a  scourge  in  our  land.  Judging  from  its  ravages  at  Newcastle  and  Gates Gateshead,  head, Gateshead,  we  might  almost  fear  that  it  has,  if  anything,  increased  in  its  malignancy.  Our  only  hope,  there therefore,  fore, therefore,  is  in  our  better  ability  to  resist  it—as  well  matte'  from  our  present  vigilance,  as  our  past  improve improvements.  ments. improvements.  But  we  must  yet  be  on  the  alert.  Her  Majesty's  government  has,  with  praise praiseworthy  worthy praiseworthy  alacrity,  already  directed,  by  an  Order  in  Council,  that  the  provisions  of  the  act  for  the  pre prevention  vention prevention  of  epidemic,  indemic,  and  contagious  dis diseases,  eases, diseases,  be  immediately  put  in  force  through  the  whole  of  Great  Britain;  and  Liverpool  is  not  behind behindhand  hand behindhand  in  giving  effect  to  so  necessary,  so  indispen indispensable  sable indispensable  a  precaution.  The  very  attention  which  has  in  this  emergency  to  be  given  to  such  a  subject  as  that  of  the  public  health,  may  result  in  a  permanent  improvement  of  the  sanitary  state  of  our  town.  Hitherto  its  mor mortality  tality mortality  has  been  at  much  too  high  a  ratio,—higher  than  London,  Manchester,  or  Birmingham,—the  deaths  being  1  in  28.75  of  the  population,  while  in  London  it  is  1  in  37  . STYLE=superscript  38,  in  Birmingham  1  in  36.79,  and  in  Manchester  1  in  29.64.  The  causes  of  this  unfavourable  position  of  it  has  been  officially  declared,  both  absolutely  and  relatively,  will  be  found  to  be  the  same  as  those  already  indi indicated  cated indicated  as  the  sources  of  the  higher  mortality  of  towns  generally,  and  which  appear  in  Liverpool  to  reach  their  maximum  degree  of  Let  it  be  further  attempted,  now,  to  reduce  this  maximum  —we  believe  that  it  has  been  considerably  reduced  already—and.if  the  exertions  which  must  now  be  renewed  be  rigourously  and  properly  directed,  it  may  happily  turn  out  that  the  curse  we  resist  di directly  rectly directly  as  a  curse  may  indirectly  become  a  blessing.  Is  there  really  any  hope  for  Ireland  ?  We  may  well  ask  this  question;  and  at  no  time  more  oppor opportunely  tunely opportunely  or  appropriately  than  now.  Not  long  since  we  were  disposed  to  believe  that  a  had  at  length  been  discovered  for  Ireland's  miseries  ;  and  that  the  genius  and  patriotic  munificence  of  WILLIAM  DARGAN  had  realised  the  fabled  Four Fourleaved  leaved Fourleaved  whose  extraordinary  properties  generations  had  extolled,  and  which,  like  I  ouNA's  apples,  or  the  Amrita  of  the  HINDOO  divinities,  would  confer  fresh  life,  vigour,  and  even  immorta immortality,  lity, immortality,  on  the  nation.  But  it  does  not  seem  as  if  the  Sister  Isle  should  ever  have  her  wounds  cicatrized.  They  present  palpable  evidence  of  almost  hopeless  incurability.  Every  known  art  has  been  resorted  to—every  avail available  able available  appliance  of  skill  tried—nothing,  in  short,  has  been  omitted  that  the  necessity  of  the  case  required—but  to  no  conceivable  purpose  under  Heaven.  When  we  flattered  ourselves,  in  our  idle  fancies,  with  the  thought  that  _lreland's  wounds  presented  signs  of  healthy  action,  lo  !  they  opened  out  afresh,  and  with  increased  virulence  and  Things  were  better  to-day  FROM  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDENT  LONDON,  MONDAY  tVE..NING.  It  is  hardly  possible  to  describe  the  alarm  and  even  terror  which  prevailed  in  this  city  on  Saturday,  owing  to  the  state statements  ments statements  in  two  of  the  morning  papers,  that  the  United  Fleets,  or  portions  of  them,  had  been  ordered  up  to  Constantinople  from  the  anchorages  they  have  kept  for  the  last  three  months  There  was  perfect  recklessness  in  the  general  desperation  ;  and  property  was  parted  with  at  reduced  values,  as  if  the  wealth  of  the  nation  was  about  to  be  extinguished  in  one  universal  bankruptcy.  Nor  was  this  the  case  only  with  British  securities.  All  others  were  involved  hi  the  general  fall  ;  and  men  who  rose  in  the  morning  that  they  might  get  94  easily  for  their  Stocks,  found  before  night  that  scarcely  any  body  would  buy  for  so  loaf  as  91,  Indeed,  there  was  a  panic,  such  a  one  as  we  have  not  seen  since  1847.  There  was  a  material  variation  between  the  statements  as  to  the  movements  of  the  combined  squadrons,  made  by  the  two  Journals  in  question.  One,  the  Morning  Post  which  has  intimate  relations  with  the  French  Embassy,  and  whose  announcements  with  regard  to  the  Russian  and  Turkish  affairs,  are  written  by  Count  Wallaski  himself,  broadly  asserted  that  all  the  ships  of  the  allies,  had  gone  up  to  Constantinople;  but  the  Times,  inspired  by  the  more  correct  suggestions  of  Lord  Aberdeen,  stated  that  only  two  vessels  from  each  sqUadron  had  proceeded  within.  Another  material  variation  between  the  two  was  also  obvious.  The  first  led  to  the  inference,  that  this  combined  movement  had  been  made  in  consequence  of  some  further  hostile  demon=  stration,  on  the  part  of  Russia;  but  the  second  declared  that  it  was  a  simple  precautionary  measure  for  the  protection  of  the  lives  and  property  of  British  residents.  Whithever  of  the  two  versions  turn  out  to  be  correct,  either  was  cal calculated  culated calculated  to  excite  some  degree  of  alarm,  but  nobody  could  have  anticipated,  at  eight  o'clock  in  the  morning,  that  by  noon  the  whole  of  Capel-court  and  the  sensitive  regions  sur surrounding  rounding surrounding  it,  would  have  been  so  utterly  prostrated  by  the  intellegance.  The  aggressions  of  Russia,  and  the  insolent  tone  in  which  they  are  justified  before  the  Western  Powers,  have  given  to  Turkey,  a  hold  upon  the  sympathies  of  this  country  too  firm  to  be  shaken,  even  though  Austria  should,  contrary  to  her  interest,  isolate  herself  from  England  and  France,  and  attach  herself  wholly  to  the  Czar.  Indeed,  the  more  the  Czar  strengthens  himself  apparently  by  this  alliance,  the  more  obvious  it  becomes,  that  the  contest  will,  in  fact,  be  whatever  it  is  nominally,  one  against  despotism  and  arbi arbitrary  trary arbitrary  government.  Independently,  therefore,  of  the  justice  of  the  case,  which  is  as  perfect  as  anything  can  be,  the  people  of  this  country  cannot  sympathize  with  the  Czar  ;  they  cannot  wish  him  good  luck;  and,  I  have  reason  to  believe,  t  hat  if  blows  are  resorted  to,  he  will  find  no  incon inconsiderable  siderable inconsiderable  array  of  British  volunteers,  helping  the  Turkish  army,  to  bring  him  to  reason  and  moderation.  Nor  will  money  be  wanting,  though  the  city  will  be  shy  of  loans.  But,  if  the  city  will  not  respond  to  the  Turks'  necessities,  in  this  way,  it,  certainly,  will  not  to  those  of  Russia  or  Austria,  both  of  whom,  and  particularly  the  latter,  have  as  much  need  for  ready  cash  as  any  tradesman  in  the  world,  who  ventures  upon  extensive  operations  without  adequate  means.  With  such  feelings  as  these,  with  a  general  readiness  to  strike  if  need  be,  both  at  Russia  and  Austria,  and  with  the  strongest  conviction  that  in  this  quarrel  Turkey  and  England  and  France,  have  justice  upon  their  side,  the  views  of  the  sailing  of  the  squadrons  or  a  part  of  them,  excited  fax  diffe different  rent different  emotions  at  the  west  end  than  in  the  city.  The  military  and  naval  clubs  were  in  the  very  intoxication  of  excitement,  and  forthwith  rules  and  plans  were  consulted  by  groups  and  handed  over  by  individuals,  in  order  to  foresee,  if  possible,  all  the  possible  contingencies  of  interest.  It  was  unanimously  decided  in  naval  circles,  so  far  as  I  can  learn,  that  it  would  not  be  impossible  for  the  Russian  I  Let  in  th  Black  Sea  to  be  destroye'd  by  that  very  moment  ;  though  of  course  such  a  supposition  was  a  little  de  trop,  and  only  to  be  dreamed  of  by  the  warmth  of  youthful  ardour,  or  the  burnings  of  middle-aged  enthusiasm.  This  state  of  feeling,  which  began  early  in  the  day,  so  far  from  moderating  as  time  _wore  on,  was  strengthened  by  the  reception  of  two  telegraphic  despatches  which  arrived  early  in  the  afternoon,  one  was  that  several  French  vessels  of  war  were  seen  procee proceeding  ding proceeding  towards  the  north  seas  ;  and  the  other  that  the  fleet  now  in  the  Cove  of  Queenstown  were  under  sailing  orders,  for  some  unknown  place,  and  that  neither  men  nor  officers  were  permitted  to  leave  their  ships.  Both.,  of  these  announcements,  susceptible  of  a  warlike  interpretation,  which  in  the  prevailing  turn  of  mind  of  most  people  at  that  moment  appeared  the  only  mutual  interpretation,  were  inexact.  The  French  ships,  supposed  to  be  proceeding  to  the  North  seas,  were  only  proceeding  to  one  of  the  northern  ports  of  France,  to  give  the  Emperor  now  upon  his  tour  there,  an  opportunity  of  seeing  them;  and  the  orders  for  the  flees  at  Cove  were  imaginary.:  So  dissipated  the  alarms  and  fears,  or  rather  I  should  say,  the  excitement  at  the  West  End,  arising  out  of  these  special  points.  But  the  interest  felt  in,  the  presence  of  any  part  of  our  naval  forces  before  Constantinople,  did  not  pass  away  with  the  temporary  emotions  induced  by  these  inaccurate  specialties  :  and  up  to  the  moment  I  am  writing,  there  is  the  greatest  impatience  manifested  to  know  something  more.  Such  a  condition  renders  all  of  us  liable  to  take  up  with,  and  be  governed  by,  the  miserable  scraps  of  news,  generally  untrue,  or  grossly  exaggerated,  which  are  doled  out  by  the  con continental  tinental continental  telegraphs,  and,  as  if  to  enjoy  the  distrust  and  ex excitement  citement excitement  arising  out  of  this  yearning  curiosity,  Lord  Clarendon  sits  inaccessible  in  his  Cabinet,  at  the  Foreign  Office,  permitting  the  French  embassy  to  give  to  the  British  public  whatever  version  of  facts  it  may  think  proper.  But  all  throughout  this  Russia-Turkey  affair,  through  a  servile  adherence  to  a  foolish  precedent,  we  have  been  indebted  to  foreign  sources  for-early  intelligence,  and  have  been  obliged  to  make  the  best,  or  the  worst  of  it.  Accounts  have  been  received  here,  by  telegraph,  from  Constantinople,  to  the  16th.  They  make  no  mention  of  the  appearance  of  the  squadron  there,  but  state  that  the  city  was  tranquil."
