text
"HEALTH  COMMITTEE,  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  committee  was  held  yesterday.  Mr.  Alderman  LANGSDALE  in  the,  chair.  The  other  members  present  were  Messrs.  Henderson,  Fleming,  Moss,  Beckwith,  Nicholson,  Godfrey,  Johnson,  Henderson,  Clayton,  Bigham,  and  Hodson.  THE  SMOKE  NUISANCE  AND  THE  COUNCIL  Mr.  Moss,  in  laying  before  the  committee,  a  letter  which  he  had  received  from  Messrs.  Barclay  and  Perkins,  on  the  subject  of  th  e  consump  ti  on  o  f  smo  k  e,  remarked  that  he  would  engage  the  attention  of  the  committee  for  a  few  minutes.  He  was  not  in  the  council  yesterday,  previous  to  the  proceedings  of  the  Health  Committ  ee  being  brought  under  consideration,  and  he  must  confess  he  was  exceedingly  mortified  to  find  in  to-day's  papers  that  the  recommendation  of  this  committee,  with  respect  to  the  particular  matter  of  the  smoke  nuisance,  received  a  veto  from  the  Council  yester yesterday.  day. yesterday.  He  could  only  say,  being  the  originator  of  the  ques question,  tion, question,  as  to  the  propriety  of  taking  this  into  consid  era  ti  on  ,  and  the  subject  having  received  the  full  consideration  of  the  Health  Committee,  they  thought  proper  in  their  wisdom  to  appoint  a  sub-committee,  to  take  the  whole  matter  into  con consideration.  sideration. consideration.  That  sub-committee  consisted  of  himself  (Mr.  Moss,)  Mr.  M'Nicol,  Mr.  Godfrey,  the  deputy  chairman,  and  the  chairman  of  the  Health  Committee.  They  investi investigated  gated investigated  the  subject  with  a  view,  if  possible,  to  abate,  if  they  did  not  altogether  expect  to  remove  so  great  a  nuisance.  This  sub-committee  had  given  themselves  a  great  deal  of  trouble.  They  had  had  several  meetings,  they  hadhad  extensive  correspondence  with  many  localities,  where  the  subject  had  been  comparatively  successfully  dealt  with.  After  the  result  of  the  correspondence  was  known,  and  after  having  received  invitations  from  various  localities  and  parties  to  inspect  the  successful  application  of  the  process,  they  came  to  the  reso resolution  lution resolution  that  it  was  advisable  to  appoint  a  deputation  to  go  and  see  those  various  localities.  That  received  the  sanction  of  the  Health  Committee,  and  he  again  repeated  his  regret  that  that  sanction  had  been  yesterday  vetoed  in  council,  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  Alderman  Bennett,  seconded,  he  thought,  by  Mr.  M'Guffie,  by  a  majority  of  15  to  14.  He  (Mr.  Moss)  could  only  say  that,  personally,  he  considered  it  the  duty  of  every  man,  if  he  possibly  could,  to  leave  the  world  better  than  he  found  it,  and  to  make  himself  useful  to  his  generation.  With  that  sole  object  he  brought  the  subject  before  the  committee.  What  had  been  the  result?  On  the  mere  dictum  of  Mr.  Bennett,  the  wise  and  salutary  recommendations  of  the  committee  had  been  completely  frustrated,  for  he  thought  the  committee  would  agree  with  him,  there  could  not  be  a  more  appropriate  time  than  the  present,  when  the  whole  attention  of  the  town  was  directed  to  cleanliness  and  sanitary  proceedings,  for  this  committee  to  have  taken  into  consideration  so  important  a  subject  as  that  of  endeavouring  to  abate  so  great  a  nuisance  as  the  public  complained  of  arising  from  smoke.  Look  at  the  river,  and  look  at  various  par;  of  the  town,  and  see  what  a  crying  evil  it  was,  but  still  this  thing  was  com completely  pletely completely  put  in  abeyance  and  extinguished  by  Mr.  Bennett.  Mr.  Bennett  imputed  improper.  motives  to  the  gentlemen  ferming  .  the  deputation.  He  (Mr  Moss)  did  not  mean  to'  impute  improper  motives  to  Mr  Bennett  ;  but  he  could  im impute  pute impute  to  him  very  execrable  taste  and  very  bad  feeling.  He  had  been'  told  on  very  good  authority—he  believed  it  came  from  the  Town  Clerk—it  was  the  very  first  instance  of  a  de deputation,  putation, deputation,  appointed  by  a  committee,  being  vetoed  by  the.  Council.  He  (Mr.  Moss)  was  absent  when  the  matter  came  under  consideration,  and  he  would  tell  them  - STYLE=superscript  why  he  was  absent.  He  listened  for  a  very  long  time  to  the  tedious  and  dry  harangue  of  Mr.  Bennett  until  he  could  bear  the  thing  no  longer.  That  gentleman—and  he  wished  to  say  nothing  which  he  would  not  repeat  if  necessary—he  looked  on  that  gentleman  as  the  complete  Bassanio  cif  the  Council.  Hear,  oh,  and  Mr.  Bennett  was  a  man  who  talked  an  infinite  deal  of  nothing,  and  had  very  little  consideration  for  the  feelings  of  others.  Mr.  ARTHUR  HENDERSON  rose  to  order.  Mr.  Moss  did  not  know  what  Mr.  Henderson  was  saying.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughtFr.)  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.'  HENDERSON  continued  to  say  that  Mr.  Moss  had  no  right  to  attack  Mr.  gennett  in  his  absence,  when  he  was  not  present  to  defend  himself.  The  question  was  not  befora  them.  Mr.  Moss  requested  Mr:  Henderson  to  address  himself  to  the  Chairman,  and  had  only  to  say  in  conclUsiOn,  he  felt  so  strongly  on  the  subject,  he  considered  it  a  personal  insult  to  the  gentlemen  appointed,  and  a  petty  pique  on  the  part  of  certain  individuals  in  respect  to  the  Health  Committee.  (Hear,  hear.),  Why,  he  did  not  wish  to  be  severe  on  the  subjeet,but  as  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee,he  would  have  nothing  more  to  do  with  it  ;  he  tendered  his  resignation,  and  he  would  no  longer  take  an  active  part  in  what  he  consider considered  ed considered  to  be  an  important  subject:  Mr.  GODFREY  conceived  that  the  smoke  nuisance  could  be  by  no  means  cured.  The..committee  had  met  two  or  three  times  about  it,  and  at  one  of  those  meetings  the  Town  Clerk  stated  that  Mr.  Mansfield  was  prepared  to  convict  all  parties  if  it  were  clearly  shown  to  him  that  they  did  not  use  tho  best  means  for  preventing  this  nuisance.  It  was  well  known  that  the  late  Mr.  Rushton  would  not  convict  in  such  cases;  and,  in  fact,  if  Mr.  Mansfield's  views  were  now  to  be  carrid  out,  every.  manufacturer  in  Liverpool  should  close  his  concern,  inasmuch  as  he  would  subject  himself  to  a  conviction  every  day  in  the  week.  No  one  had  cured  the  .nuisance,  nor  had  any  means  been  pointed  out  by  which  it  could  be  done.  With  reference  to  the  veto  of  the  Council  on  the  appoint appointment  ment appointment  of  a  deputation  by  the  committee,  he  could  not  know  what  the  feelings  of  Mr.  Parker  and  Mr.  Bennett  might  be,  but  he  had  been  told  that  their  opposition  had.  airsen  from  some  personal  dislike  to  Mr.  Moss.  It  well  known,  however,  and  the  committee  well  knew,  that  ever  since  Mr.  Parker  and  Mr.  Bennett  had  been  ousted  from  the  committee,  they  had  at  every  time,  and  in  every  way,  en endeavoured  deavoured endeavoured  to  oppose  it.  With  regard  to  the  deputation,  if  it  had  been  proved  that  the  smoke  cure  had  been  anywhere  carried  out  successfully,  he  should  not  be  opposed  to  it;  but  if  the  committee  gave  instructions  that  informations  on  this  ground  should  be  laid  against  parties  before  Mr.  Mansfield,  he  (Mr.  Godfrey)  should  then  move  that  another  committee  be  appointed  to  inquire  into  the  whole  matter.  Mr.'  HENDERSON  (as  we  took  him)  objected  to  unworthy  motives  being  attributed  to  Mr.  Parker  and  Mr.  Bennett  for  the  course  they  adopted  in  this  matter,  and  observed  that  the  committee  were  not  bound  to  find  out  the  means  for  pre preventing  venting preventing  the  nuisance,  by  showing  parties  how  they  could  consume  their  own  smoke;  they  had  merely  to  carry  out  the  aot  of  parliament.  The  CHAIRMAN  would  be  sorry  to  believe  that  the  oppo opposition  sition opposition  to  the  committee  arose  from  personal  motives,  but  when  that  opposition  was  not  confined  to  one:or  two  instances;  but  was  constant,  he  did  then  believe  that  the  matter  was  as  stated  by  Mr.  Godfrey."
