text
"RUSSIA  ST.  PETERSBURG,  WEDNESDAY.  The  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  propositions  has  been  published  here.  The  neutralization  of  the  Black  Sea  is  put  forward  as  the  most  important.  Upon  other  points  it  is  announced  Russia  is  ready  to  negotiate.  'Mr.  J.  Clementson,  who,  having  held  the  office  of  Deputy-Serjeant-at-arms  of  the  House  of  Commons  for  fifty  years,  is  well  known  to  the  members  of  the  Legicla Legiclature,  ture, Legiclature,  died  on  Sunday  last  at  his  residence,  Felcourt-lodge,  Torquay.  Preparations  are  being  made  in  Germany  to  celebrate  with  g  reat  pomp  the  hundredth  anniversary  of  the  birth  of  Mozart,  which  will  fall  on  the  27th  June  next.  At  Gotha,  Berlin,  Vienna,  Munich,  Dresden,  Carlsruhe,  Darmstadt,  and  Hamburg,  the  Government  have  voted  ample  funds  for  the  purpose.  WALKING  ''  OFF  WITH  BOOTS.—A  woman,  named  Susan  Doyle,  was  charged  with  having  stolen  some  boots  and  shoes,  the  property  of  Edward  Gilligan,  St.  James Jamesstreet.  street. Jamesstreet.  It  appeared  that  the  property  was  stolen,  and  the  prisoner  was  found,  shortly  afterwards,  offering  it  for  sale.  She  was  sent  to  gaol  for  one  month.  THE  SABBATH  DEFENCE  MEETING  (FROM  A  CORRESPONDENT.)  THERE  are,  undoubtedly,  some  subjects  which  excite  the  interest  of  large  bodies  of  men  more  than  any  others—subjects,  the  discussion  of  which  never  palls  upon  the  minds  of  human  beings.  Religion  in  all  its  branches,  with  its  doctrinal  points  of  every  kind,  and  its  diversity  of  opinion  of  every  shade,  is  one  of  the  subjects  which  has  always  been  of  never-failing  interest,  and  the  appeal  to  which  has  roused  the  slumbering  ener energies  gies energies  of  nations,  and  often  led  to  almost  universa  conquest.  It  was,  therefore,  with  no  feeling  of  surprise,  though  with  feelings  of  much  regret,  that  we  s!  , STYLE=superscript  ,lv  the  large  meeting  in  St.  George's  Hall,  on  Tuesday  last—its  countless  clergy  of  all  denominations  on  the  platform—its  hundred  upturned  faces  in  the  body  of  the  hall.  While  it  is  almost  impossible,  in  this  busy  town,  to  persuade  men  to  meet,  or  to  think  for  a  moment,  much  less  calmly  to  work  out,  the  great  questions  of  the  day—juvenile  delin delinquency—the  quency—the delinquency—the  improvement  of  the  condition  of  the  working  classes—  still  more,  the  g  r  eat  question  of  Education,  which  includes  all  these  ;  while  to  these  objects,  really  the  types  of  Christianity,  men  give  no  heed—a  meeting,  convened  to  denounce  our  fellow-crea fellow-creatures,  tures, fellow-creatures,  to  tighten  the  bonds  already  tight  enouf.zh,  in  which  our  labouring  population  plods  wearily  along,  is  easily  filled,  and  thousands  applaud  the  theatrical,  though  Reverend  declaimer.  The  object  of  the  meeting  was  to  form  a  Sabbath  Defence  Association,  and  to  endeavour  to  meet  the  growing  feeling  of  the  intelligent  portion  of  this  community,  in  favour  of  some  relaxation  in  the  Puritanical  and  inconsistent  manner  in  which  the  Sunday  is  now  kept.  Puritanical—because  opposed  to  all  rational  enjoyment,  to  all  real  rest  to  those  who  need  it  most,  our  working  population.  Inconsistent—because  the  laws  fall  only  mn  the  poor  man.  The  rich  man  having  rolled  in  his  carriage  to  and  from  his  place  of  devotion,  can  enjoy  a  stroll  in  his  own  garden,  a  glass  of  his  own  wine;  and  an  oratorio  or  sacred  music,  played  on  his  own  piano,  by  his  own  daughters.  We  are  perfectly  prepared  to  meet  the  reverend  orators  on  their  own  grounds,  and  to  prove  from  their  own  facts,  and  still  more,  from  their  own  treatment  of  them,  how  grievously  they  are  at  fault.  The  positions  taken  up  by  the  speakers  were  three  :-  1.  That  the  opening  of  the  Crystal  Palace,  and  the  British  Museum,  was  contrary  to  the  written  word  of  God.  We  will  not  enter  upon  a  Theological  discussion  with  a  party  who,  though  they  have  much  pretence  of  reverence  for  holy  things,  show  but  little  of  that  feeling  in  their  discussion  of  them.  Our  readers  are  well  aware  that  our  great  Master's  teaching  was  specially  directed  against  the  Pharisaical  and  Judaic  observance  of  the  Sabbath,  which  we  are  now  called  upon  to  reinforce.  That,  whenever  we  find  any  mention  of  the  subject  in  His  life  and  teachings.  it  is  (were  we  disposed  to  quote,  We  easily  might)  in  favor  of  the  rational,  rather  than  the  Puritanical,  observance  of  the  Holy  day.  2.  That  the  Crystal  Palace  and  other  pl  a  ces  of  quiet  Sunday  recreation  once  opened,  the  thin  edge  of  the  wedge  once  inserted,  the  working  classes  would  soon  be  called  upon  to  work  seven  days  in  the  week,  and  for  the  six  days  In  France  and  other  continental  countries  where  the  Sabbath  can  hardly  be  said  to  be  regarded  at  all—this  is  not  the  case.  Every  traveller  knouts  that  whatever  work  he  gets  done  on  a  Sunday  has  to  pay  double  for,  and  every  person  connects  e•  with  the  trade  of  this  city  is  well  aware  that  0  0 STYLE=superscript  the  same  terms  he  can  get  his  work  done  here  O  Sunday.  The  working  cl  asses  are  too  intelligeey.  to  be  deceived  by  this  wily  argument,  the  fallaci  of  which  they  understand,  and  we  wonder  that  party  pretending  to  act  in  their  interest,  and  as  orator  calling  notice  to  the  numbers  of  them  wd-l  ° STYLE=superscript  were  present,  could  dare  to  make  use  of  an  argi:  ment  betraying  such  a  low  appreciation  of  00  1 STYLE=superscript  intellect.  3.  That  the  present  movement  in  favor  °  extending  the  mea  ns  o  f  recreation  to  ala  labouring  population,  would  be  but  the  PI  cursor  to  the  opening  of  b  a  ll-  rooms  an  theatres  on  Sunday.  This  is  merely  the  alarmist  argument  which  the  Tory  party  make  use  of  on  every  occasion,  and  i STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  as  false  a  cry  of  wolf  !  wolf  !  as  it  has  invariably  been  proved  to  be  in  the  mouths  of  that  party.  The  Sunday  is  dear  to  every  Englishman  ;  to  n  on  more  dear  than  to  us.  Its  safety  may  be  left  to  the  public  opinion  of  the  c  oun  t  r  y.  W  e  on  l  y  Wis  ,  '  h STYLE=superscript  to  raise  up  s  o  m  e  r  i  va  l  t  o  th  e  g  i  n  pa  l  aces  whiob  infect  our  town—the  curse  of  its  population.  W  e STYLE=superscript  merely  seek  to  give  all  an  equal  chanc  e STYLE=superscript  of  spending  th  e  i  r  S  un  d  ay  afternoon  in  intellectual  ptirsuits,  in  quiet  and  improving  enjoyments.  W  e STYLE=superscript  only  \ STYLE=superscript  44sk  that  the  public  libraries,  museums,  ga  r: STYLE=superscript  dens,  parks,  and  publi  c  b  u  il  d  i  ngs  should  u  thrown  open  to  those  to  whom  they  belong,  to  those  with  whose  hard-earn  gains  they  we  r STYLE=superscript  h  y STYLE=superscript  built,  on  the  afternoon  of  the  one  day  on  which'  alone  they  can  make  use  of  them.  .  We  are  in  favour  of  no  innovation,  of  no  desecre'  tion  ;  we  would  only  allow  every,  one  to  follow  thef  t STYLE=superscript  own  inclination  on  their  one  day  of  rest,  taking  care  that  they  had  more  than  one  choice  left  then  —and  that  choice  the  taproom  or  the  gin  palace'  We  shall  recur  to  the  subject  again.  The  Austrian  journals  have  now  received  strict  o  rder  s STYLE=superscript  not  to  print  any  articles  which  could  give  umbrage  to  Russia.  NUVEL  AND  IMPORTANT  DECISION  UNDER  THE  NS':  BILLS  OF  EXCHANG  E  A  CT  .—A  t  t  h  e  J  u  d  ges  '  Cham  b  ers  decision  of  consid  era  bl  e  i  mportance  has  been  given  un  der  ,  the  new  Act  on  Bills  o  f  E  xc  h  ange  an  d  Promissory  Notes,  A  plaintiff  named  Smith  issued  a  writ  in  one  of  th  superior  courts  against  a  defendant  named  Evans,  oa,':  promissory  note  for  131.  ss.  and  costs.  The  defendant;  attorney  took  out  a  summons  to  stay  the  proceedings  tip  7  the  payment  of  the  debt  without  the  costs,  cn  the  gra°,  ,  that  the  parties  resided  within  the  same  county  coure  tli  s STYLE=superscript  trict.  The  appli  c  ati  o  n  was  opp  ose  d  ,  and  it  was  urged  tbilt  the  new  act  authorised  all  acti  ons  on  b  ills  and  notes  to  13e  ;  brought  in  the  superior  courts,  i  rrespective  of  the  \lr.  Justice  Crowder  was  of  opinion  that  such  was  the  la  lg STYLE=superscript  ;  although  he  thought,  with  oth  ers  o  f  the  judges,  that  tha  t  had  been  au  oversight,  or  om  i  ss  i  on,  in  the  framing  of  t  b,  d  act.  The  plaintiff's  atto  rney  su  b  mitted  that  it  was  ver.,,l  important  that  a  decisi  on  s  h  ou  l  d  be  given  on  the  point,  reference  to  other  cases.  The  learned  judge  decided  tli  a STYLE=superscript  !  the  summons  must  be  dismissed,  thereby  establisb  l STYLE=superscript  the  principle  that,  in  all  cases  on  bills  of  exchange  a  l) STYLE=superscript  promissory  notes  und  er  th  e  new  l  aw,  the  proceedings  1331),  be  by  writ  of  sumtnons  in  the  superior  courts.  By  the  rules,  costs  aie  allowed  in  ail  cases  under  the  act.  FLOGGING  I  N  T  [IR  CRIMEA.—A  lett  er  ,  dated  Sebastopol'  January  7th,  st  a  t  es  th  a  t  th  ere  h  as  b  een  considera  ble  ma  ster  s STYLE=superscript  excitement  during  the  pa  s  t  wee  k  among  the  c  i  and  officers  of  transports  i  n  B  a  l  aklava  harbour,  account  of  the  second  officer  of  the  Star  of  the  South  , STYLE=superscript  . STYLE=superscript  0  large  transport,  of  1800  tons,  having  been  flogged  by  t,,  1) STYLE=superscript  0  Provost  Marshal.  It  appears  that  he  was  taken  to  t  h  guardhouse  on  Sunday  night  last  by  a  policeman,  &#34;'P  t  !  charged  him  with  being  drunk.  He  had  resist,e,  capture,  and  his  clothes  were  torn  and  soiled  in  t  is  P  o  struggle.  The  next  morning  Captain  Frayne,  of  t-P  f  Star  of  the  South,  and  Captain  Champion,  of  il  h  e STYLE=superscript  e  Majesty's  steam  transport  Melbourne,  went  to  t,'  e  guardhouse  to  intercede  for  him,  and  to  request  i  t  might  have  a  hearing,  as  he  denied  having  been  data  and  said  he  cou  ld  pro  d  uce  w  i  tnesses  to  prove  1 STYLE=superscript  )  i STYLE=superscript  ,  1  sobriety  whe  n  t  a  k  en  up.  Th  e  i  r  efforts,  however,  were  I STYLE=superscript  t  ,  vain,  and  he  received  18  lashes;  and  one  of  the  0 STYLE=superscript  0  transport  captains  having  been  ove  r  h  ear  d  by  a  soldier  't  remark  to  his  companion  that  thi  s  was  b  rutal  treattne  rV  he  was  threatened  with  the  like  Übe  did  net  go  on  ho  3 STYLE=superscript  e  ,  his  ship.  A  complaint  was  m  a  d  e  to  Admiral  Fremaat'ir  and  some  correspondence  h  as  takers  place  on  the  sub./cci  o  between  the  naval  and  m  ili  tary  authorities  and  Captli,  t  g STYLE=superscript  i,  Champion  and  Frayne,  who,  as  highly  res  p  ecta  bl  e  holding  very  resp  ons  ibl  e  situations,  and  well  known  1  and  esteemed  by  aggrieved  by  many  officers  o  u  t  h  ere  ,  naturally  f  ee STYLE=superscript  t  ,  the  menace  of  a  disgraceful  purithine  a STYLE=superscript  lt  The  second  mate's  friends  deny  that  he  was  drunk.  to  appears  th  at  h  e  stutters,  which  may  have  contribute')  or  a  mistak  e  as  to  his  state.  However,  whether  drunk  sober,  his  case  is  a  hard  one,  for,  besides  the  lashes  , STYLE=superscript  .  4  loses  hi  s  s  i  tuation,  which  he  at  once  gave  up,  fecil;ct  himself  disgraced,  and  th  a  t  h  e  cou  l  d  not  in  future  respect  from  the  crew.  The  office  of  Provost  Marshm  Balaklava  is  an  arduous  one,  and  the  officer  who  w  r  i  fulfils  its  duties  does  so  in  an  efficient  and  satisfac  tl STYLE=superscript  :.-  manner.  Without  s  evere  measures  it  would  be  iali„%j)•  sihle  to  maintain  ord  er  among  the  motley  floating  174.06  lation  of  Balaklava.  In  the  above  case,  if  the  mate  `  s STYLE=superscript  ty  ,  drunk,  the  Provost  M  ars  h  al  did  not  exceed  his  ( STYLE=superscript  1  1l STYLE=superscript  it)  although  perhaps  a  pre  li  minary  investigation  might  hap,  been  allowed  wh  en  as  k  ed  for  by  the  prisoner's  own  ei STYLE=superscript  i  ,`  o  e  tain,  who  was  rea  d  y  to  speak  to  his  subordinate's  conduct  during  many  months  that  he  had  been  unde  r STYLE=superscript  command.  THE  ROT:AL  OAK  BURIAL  SOCIETY.  say  that  Christmas  boxes  were  never  offered  to  the  collectors  by  himself  or  any  his  colleagues  on  the  committee.  (Keep  to  the  point.)  The  fact  was,  that  the  collectors  demanded  it  as  their  right,  therefore,  it  was  not  given  them.  (Immense  laughter.)  The  Chairman  tha❑ked  the  speaker  for  the  information  he  had  given,  as  it  proved  that,  instead  of  his  being  a  committee-man,  and  watching  over  the  interests  of  the  society,  he  was  only  a  tool  in  the  hands  of  the  collectors.  (Hear,  hear.)  -..-.o,_,___  .  _  society,  last  evening  a  meeting  of  the  members  of  thi  favourable  to  the  inquiry  into  the  general  management  of  the  society's  business,  by  the  committee  of  investigation  appointed  at  a  public  meeting  held  some  short  time  since,  (cf  which  appeared  a  full  report  in  the  NORTH  ERN  TIME  S  vas  convened  at  the  Toxteth  Hall,  11lill-strec'  of  giving  the  members  living  in  that  district  an  '  O STYLE=superscript  pportunity  of  expressing  their  views  on  the  subject,  and  of  solicitin  g  their  aid  and  support  in  prosecuting  the  inves invesligation.  ligation. invesligation.  The  placard  convening  the  meeting  was  thu  s  headed  :  disclosures  have  lately  been  made  of  the  wholesale  frauds  committed  by  the  officers  and  collectors  of  the  Royal  Oak  Burial  Society,  amounting,  in  the  past  Year  alone,  to  the  enormous  sum  of  £2643  8s  It  is  hardly  necessary  to  say,  that  from  the  agitation  that  bas  lately  been  carried  on,  and  the  dissatisfaction  which  bas,  from  time  to  time,  been  expressed  at  the  mode  in  w STYLE=superscript  hich  the  ruling  powers  have  conducted  the  affairs  of  this  society,  that  there  was  a  very  large  attendance.  lir.  Joseph  Shepherd,  the  chairman  of  the  investigation  for  the  Mr.  Mr.  M'Coomb  then  gave  some  exelanations  as  to  why  the  collectors  had  demanded  the  money  which  related  to  the  infancy  fund,  and  which  was  considered  illegal,  and  stated  that  the  committee  had  paid  the  money  because  he  and  they  believed  that  it  was  right  so  to  do.  A  Voice  :  Was  it  your  money  that  you  paid  away  ?  (Much  confusion,  in  the  course  of  which  the  chairman  nd  said  he  insisted  upon  aN  parties  having  a  fair  hearing.)  Mr.  M'Coomb  said  he  would  come  to  the  cream  of  the  joke.  It  had  been  stated  in  the  papers,  and  the  chairman  had  repeated  the  assertion,  that  the  committee  were  paid  £lO  for  voting  the  Christmas  boxes  to  the  collectors.  Now  a  greater  falsehood  could  not  have  been  invented  by  Old  Nick  below,  or  the  Russian  Nick  above,  than  that  was  ;  and  he  had  also  stated  that  the  only  honest  man  who  refused  to  take  the  £lO  was  Mr.  Shaw,  and  that  he  was  kicked  down  stairs  because  he  refused  to  accept  it.  (Cries  of  Go  to  the  That  was  a  most  infamous  false falsehood.  hood. falsehood.  (A  He  fell  down  stairs  because  he  was  He  would  say  that  Mr.  Shaw,  with  the  excep exception  tion exception  of  two  or  three  times,  never  came  to  the  committee  meeting,  except  in  a  drunken  state,  and  he  alwa3s  kicked  up  a  row,  and  prevented  the  business  being  proceeded  with.  (A  Mr.  Chairman,  do  not  permit  these  personal  He  woul  I  say  that  the  statement  of  the  chairman  with  regard  to  his—a  committee  man  -having  received  £lO,  was  a  most  scandalous  falsehood.  (Laughter,  and  cries  of  The  Chairman  :  What  did  you  receive  ?  Mr.  M'Comb  :  Not  a  single  farthing  except  my  pay,  and  I  call  upon  the  chairman  to  prove  that  I  received  money.  The  Chairman  :  Did  not  you  receive  it  in  instalments?  (Uproar  )  Mr.  M'C)omb  :  It  is  a  fair  question,  and  I  will  answer  it.  I  will  say  I  did  not.  A  Voice  :  Did  your  wife  ?  Mr.  M'Coomb  then  called  upon  the  meeting  not  to  place  any  confidence  in  the  statements  made  by  the  chair chairman,  man, chairman,  but  his  voice  was  not  heeded,  and  the  meeting  demanded,  in  no  very  mild  accents,  that  he  should  be  compelled  to  move  his  own  amendment,  or  onamittee,  was  requestel  to  take  the  chair.  On  rising  h  was  received  with  the  most  enthusiastic  applat  'having  subsided,  he  commenced  the  business  of  t  by  reading  the  placard  convening  the  meeting.  ----  --  ton  which  related  to  the  defalcation  of  £2,643  83  81  from  'the  funds  of  the  present  year,  was  received  by  the  meeting  `with  groans,  and  marks  of  great  disapprob  ttion.  The  'chairman  then  said  he  believed  it  was  the  duty  of  all,  when whenever  ever whenever  they  had  anything  of  a  serious  nature  to  bring  before  the  public,  and  indeed  it  was  best,  to  allow  a  fair,  free,  and  open  discussion.  In  this  case  they  had  nothing  to  keep  in  the  back  ground;  they  had  n  ot  hi  ng  to  f  ear  f  rom  t  a  ki  ng  aeiti  a  course,  therefore  there  was  an  open  field  and  no  Pavouritism  for  all  parties.  As  they  had  nothing  to  conceal  'they  had  invited  the  press  to  attend,  and  he  was  rejoiced  to  Bee  the  reporters  present,  that  their  proceedings  might  go  f4 STYLE=superscript  th  Ito  the  public.  He  believed  from  what  he  knew  of  the  *tatters  connectel  with  the  society,  that  they  had  a  Tight  to  have  an  investigation,  and  that  too,  of  the  most  searching  description—(cheers)—for  the  'More  the  subject  was  discussed,  the  more  necessity,  he  'thought,  there  was  for  the  inquiry.  For  his  own  part,  he  was  extremely  sorry  that  an  inquiry  was  necessary,  because  i STYLE=superscript  t  Was  calculated  to  throw  mistrust,  or  a  want  of  confidence,  on  those  to  whom  the  members  had  confided  their  affairs.  The  working  classes  from  time  to  time  had  placed  their  confidence  in  men,  and  had  entrusted  them  with  the  man management  agement management  of  their  affairs,  but  in  this  case  those  men  had  'abased  the  trust  reposed  in  them.  (Cries  of  Shame.)  He  tad  not  the  least  doubt  bat  that  most  of  them  were  aware,  Tram  the  newspapers,  of  what  had  been  done  at  a  meeting  'held  at  the  north  end  of  the  town,  when  a  meeting  was  called  and  a  committee  appointed  to  investigate  the  affairs  of  this  society.  (Cheers.)  This  society,  he  said,  was  known  by  the  name  of  the  Royal  Oak  Burial  Society,  its  'proper  name  was  United  Legal  Friendly  but  he  would  'lions  h  e  h  ad  to  offer,  ,  thro  ug  h  out  the  observa observaca  ca observaca  it  Having,  a  t  some  lenh  ll STYLE=superscript  ex  by  the  fo  r  m  er  .  pressed  e  deep  regret  he  f  e  lt  th  at  the  working  classes  should  evince  such  apathy  in  their  own  affairs,  by  not  attending  to  see  that  the  parties  in  whom  they  reposed  their  confidence  did  not  betray  them,  proceeded  to  give  a  history  of  the  rise  and  progress  of  the  society,  from  its  commencement  to  the  present  time,  and  also  to  point  out  the  mismanagement  which  had  existed.  Mr.  Shepherd  then  detailed  the  various  acts  of  the  presi president,  dent, president,  the  collectors,  and  the  committee  ;  but  as  these  state statements  ments statements  have  already  appeared  in  the  columns  of  this  journal,  when  made  by  the  same  gentleman  at  the  previous  meeting,  it  is  unnecessary  to  repeat  them  on  the  present  occasion.  In  the  course  of  giving  these  details,  he  was  repeatedly  in interrupted  terrupted interrupted  by  one  of  the  collectors  (Osborne),  and  the  geese geesetavy  tavy geesetavy  of  the  society  (.Tinkins),  and  much  uproar  was  occa occasioned  sioned occasioned  ;  but  he  (Mr.  Shepherd)  challenged  either  or  both  of  those  gentlemen  to  come  forward  on  the  platform,  and  disprove,  if  they  cou  ld,  one  single  assertion  he  had  made,  or  that  he  intetrled  to  tnake.  (The  majority  of  the  meeting  expressed  a  d'sire  to  turn  the  intruders  out,  but  Mr.  Shepherd  entreated  them  to  behave  like  men,  and  let  all  have  a:  fair  bearing.  Neither  f  the  gentlemen  who  caused  the  disturbance,  however,  ven ventured  tured ventured  to  en  upon  the  platform,  and  refute  the  statements  blade.)  Having  most  forcibly  explained  the  injuries  that  the  members  bad  sustained  by  the  present  officers  of  the  for  p  as  t  rears,  h  e  came  to  the  last  year,  when  he  'no  44ted  that  i  n  th  a  t  tear  a  l  one  they  had  been  defrauded  of  (Ch4B  than  £2,643  Bs.  8d;  and  asked  if  it  was  not  time  i  Ma STYLE=superscript  nagement  of  th  e  soc  i  ety  s  h  ould  be  investigated  ?  the  es  of  yes.  )  He  concluded  by  observing  that  118  Whole  affairs  had  been  placed  in  the  hands  of  the  most  13,ectable  solicitors  in  Liverpool  (Messrs.  Fletcher  and  -4 STYLE=superscript  'I),  and  called  upon  them  to  give  their  support,  by  sub subscribing  scribing subscribing  their  pence  towards  prosecuting  the  inquiry.  In  Ills  cours  e  of  his  remarks,  he  stated  that  be  had  been  threa threatened  tened threatened  with  writs  and  actions  for  libel,  but  that  would  dno  , STYLE=superscript  deter  him  from  doing  that  which  he  conceived  to  be  his  uty,  as  it  wag  only  dole  for  the  purpose  of  frustrating  the  their  trclaity  ;  the  offic  ers  m  i  g  h  t  l  ay  t  h  e  fl  atter  i  ng  unction  to  that  it  would  be  proceeded  with,  and  that  the  b!t  would  b  e  that  the  society  would  be  placed  on  a  firmer  ri  patient  hearing  they  had  g  i  ven  hi  m,  h  e  resumed  his  seat  Themost  enthusiastic  applause  of  the  meeting.  .  S STYLE=superscript  ecretary  t  o  t  h  e  Investigation  Committee  (Mr  resol  rbillip)  the  n  came  forward  and  proposed  the  following  ution  That  this  meeting  having  taken  into  consi consideration  deration consideration  the  disclosures  now  made  relative  to  the  frauds  com STYLE=superscript  mitted  by  th  e  o  ffi  cers  and  collectors  of  the  Royal  Oak  Burial  Society,  do  hereby  express  our  h  earty  concur concur!epee  !epee concur!epee  i  n  the  measures  already  yadoted  for  ing  9vesti STYLE=superscript  gation  into  th  e  said  fraudsp,  and  a  plso  rocur STYLE=superscript  into  lie  he  general  management  o  f  the  society's  said,  before  he  made  any  comments  on  the  resolution  he  was  about  to  move,  he  would  read  to  the  meeting  the  ortstatement:o  of  the  t  o  t  a  l  C  apital  of  the  society,  as  appeared  on  rei  b  oks,  and  a  l  so  the  capital,  as  appeared  in  the  printed  P  which  evening  The  Chairman  called  upon  him,  (if  he  had  one)  to  move  his  amendment,  but  as  he  was  not  permitted  to  explain  his  view  of  the  affair  further  than  saying  that  the  collectors  had  given  ample  security  for  all  they  had  in  their  possession,  he  withdrew  from  the  platform  amidst  the  laughter  of  the  whole  meeting.  _  _  _  The  resolution  was  then  put,  and  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  Smith,  of  the  Tailors'  Association,  then  moved  the  adoption  of  the  following  resolution  That  taking  into  account  the  advantages  derived  by  the  community  at  large  from  the  existence  of  Societies  of  this  description,  by  relieving  the  poors'-rates  from  the  expense  of  interment  of  ma-:y  of  their  members,  consisting,  as  they  do  principally,  of  the  poorest  classes  in  the  community;  and  knowing  that  a  vast  amount  of  expense  must  necessarily  be  incurred  in  pro prosenting  senting prosenting  the  proposed  inquiry,  thin  meeting  feel  it  to  be  our  duty.  and  we  pledge  ourselves  to  support  the  committee  already  In  his  remarks  he  alluded  to  the  imper impertinent  tinent impertinent  conduct  of  the  collectors,  and  the  negligence  they  evinced  towards  the  members  interests,  illustrating  his  assertions  by  what  he  had  himself  experienced.  (A  collector  present  at  once  told  the  speaker  he  was  a  liar,  for  which  he  demanded  an  apology,  but  no  apology  was  given.)  Mr.  Barnes  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  adopted.  A  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman  concluded  the  busi business,  ness, business,  he  stating  that  it  was  the  intention  of  the  committee  to  ask  the  Mayor  for  the  use  of  St.  George's  Hall  in  which  to  hold  a  meeting,  and  make  an  appeal  to  the  sympathies  of  the  public  to  aid  them  in  carrying  out  the  investigation.  EXTRAORDINARY  POISONING  CASES  AT  MANCHESTER.  On  Wednesday  afternoon  three  men  were  placed  at  the  bar  of  the  city  court-house,  before  Mr.  Rickards,  Mr.  Ross,  and  Mr.  J.  A.  Turner,  magistrates,  on  a  charge  of  poisoning,  which,  in  some  of  its  main  features,  resembles  the  Rugeley  case.  The  prisoners  were  Thomas  Bull  Holland  (a  surgeon),  James  Monaghan,  and  a  man  named  k  man  named  Edward  Dunn  is  implicated  in  the  rge,  but  has  been  convicted  for  another  offence,  s  serving  a  period  of  imprisonment.  Mr.  Bradleugh,  instructed  by  Messrs.  Clay  and  Co.,  attorneys,  London,  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  Diadem  Insurance  Company,  as  prosecutor;  Mr.  Fernley,  bar  ,  -  rister,  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner  Monaghan  ;  and  Mr.  Bent,  solicitor,  for  the  prisoner  Barry.  It  is  understood  that  the  prisoner  Holland,  who  is  a  surgeon,  has  made  a  con confession  fession confession  or  statement  to  Mr.  Bradleugh,  revealin4  the  whole  of  his  transactions  with  the  other  prisoners,  which  statement  is  to  the  effect  that,  being  surgeon  to  the  Diadem  Insurance  Company  for  the  district,  the  prisoners  had  applied  to  him  to  John  Mona•  ghan  (the  prisoner  Monaghan's  father)  as  a  good  life,  and  that  subsequently  they  were  in  his  sur surgery  gery surgery  when  he  was  mixing  a  solution  of  white  lead  with  water,  and  asked  him  if  it  could  not  be  done  without  assuming  a  mi►ky  colour.  He  then  showed  them  that  it  could  be  mixed  with  whiskey  so  as  to  be  colourless.  There  was  reason  to  believe  that  some  of  this  mixture  was  given  to  the  old  man  Monaghan,  who  died  some  months  ago,  when  the  prisoners  and  Dunn  applied  for  £3OO,  the  sum  for  which  Monaghan's  life  had  been  insured,  but  were  refused  the  money.  His  disclosures  had  also  led  to  the  belief  that  two  other  persons  had  been  similarly  poisoned.  Mr.  Bridleugh  stated  that  the  charge  against  the  pri prisoners,  soners, prisoners,  along  with  Dunn  (who  was  in  prison  for  embezzl embezzling  ing embezzling  money  belonging  to  an  insurance  company),  was  for  having  destroyed  the  life  of  one  John  Monaghan,  the  father  of  the  prisoner  Jas.  Monaghan,  to  obtain  the  sum  of  £3OO  from  the  Diadem  Life  Insurance  Company.  He  should,  if  he  succeeded  in  establishing  a  sufficient  case,  apply  to  the  bench  to  remand  them  to  a  future  day,  and  in  the  interim  make  an  application  to  the  coroner  to  exhume  the  body  of  John  Monaghan,  so  that  it  could  undergo  a  post  mortem  examination,  and  then  get  a  habeas  corpus,  under  which  the  body  of  Dunn  might  be  removed  from  prison  to  be  placed  at  the  bar  along  with  the  prisoners  Monaghan  and  Barry.  His  first  application  would  be  to  tne  bench  to  liberate  Holland  from  the  dock,  so  that  he  might  be  examined  as  a  witness.  There  was  reason  to  believe,  from  the  disclosures  he  had  made,  that  he  was  willing  to  further  the  ends  of  justice,  and  his  evidence  was  of  great  importance  towards  establishing  the  charge  against  the  other  prisoners.  The  magistrates  having  consented  to  the  application,  Thomas  Bull  Holland  was  removed  from  the  dock  to  the  witness  box,  and  subjected  to  a  long  examination  of  some  hours.  The  examination  was  most  painful  to  listen  to,  because  Holland  prevaricated  to  an  extent  which  rendered  it  almost  impossible  to  get  half-a-dozen  consecutive  sentences  from  him  without  the  grossest  con contradictions.  tradictions. contradictions.  Probably  this  was  to  some  extent  in  consequence  of  a  warning  from  the  bench  that  he  was  not  bound  to  answer  any  question  that  might  criminate  himself.  At  the  close  of  the  examination  of  this  witness  the  bench  retired  for  a  few  minutes,  and  on  return returning,  ing, returning,  the  chairman  said  they  had  given  the  case  their  best  consiaeration,  and  they  were  of  opinion  that  there  was  a  case  of  suspicion  sufficiently  strong  to  justify  the  remand  sought  for.  The  prisoners  were  then  remanded  for  a  week.  It  was  stated  that  in  the  meantime  an  application  would  be  made  to  the  secretary  of  state  for  an  order  for  the  exhu exhumation  mation exhumation  of  the  deceased,  John  Monaghan,  with  a  view  to  a  chemical  analysis  of  the  body.  AS  Cash  in  hank,  includin  PE  R STYLE=superscript  BOORS.  g  interest,  on  the  31st  of  October,  1865.  Two  life  policies  of  £5OO  each,  of  the  sub-treasurer  ......  Owing  besides  by  the  sub-treasurer,  Ditto  collectors  .......  Ditto  5ecretary  .....,.  .  ....''  . STYLE=superscript  Ditto  president  £10,757  16  8  1,000  0  0  851 STYLE=superscript  3  111  1,400  2  1  0  4 STYLE=superscript  38  16  8  30  6  li  £14,078  6  3  AS  PER  PRINTED  REPORT.  To  cash  in  bank.  185,5  £9,911  18  6  Paid  in  last  six  months.  Bank  interest.  3 STYLE=superscript  22  19  1  Two  life  policies  Total  as  per  printed  report  .  £11,434  17  7  Total  as  per  book  ..........  14,078  6  3  wo  Deficiency  ......  •  ....  •  ...  £2,643  8  8  nld  then  read  to  them  another  statement,  the  Compari Comparison  son Comparison  of  accounts  for  the  last  two  years,  1854  and  1855.  By  their  st  atement  it  appeared  that  the  capital  of  the  society  In  1854  was  In  1855  Showing  a  decrease  in  1855  of..  £699  10  84  Re  would  ask,  was  that  at  all  p  ro  b  a  bl  e  —  was  i  t  likely  ?  3ut  such  was  the  case  as  stated  to  them.  Now  he  would  put  it  in  a  new  light,  and  show  what  the  society  should  be  worth,  if  all  had  been  conducted  as  it  ought  to  have  been.  Suppos Supposing  ing Supposing  they  collected  daring  the  years  184  and  1855,  calcu calculating,  lating, calculating,  as  the  officers  said,  there  they  said  members,  he  would  take  the  number  at  what  they  said  themselves,  at  one  penny  each  (althouothers  3dgh  there  were  s  ome  w  h  o  paid  as  much  as  6,  others  4d,  ,  and  others  2d,  each),  they  would  collect  as  much  as  £10,834  Ss  Bd,  and  adding  the  decrease  of  £699  183  81d  to  the  bank  interest.  £322  19s  Id,  they  would  have  a  fund  of  11,857  75  51d.  lie  had,  he  said,  also  considered  the  expenses,  and  he  had  done  so  on  a  most  liberal  scale,  but  he  would  not  stop  to  inquire  into  what  had  become  of  the  £2,320  957  d  in  arrears— arrears£27oB  £27oB arrears£27oB  11  8  Commission  for  collecting  Sub-treasurer,  for  extras  and  salary  173  0  0  Secretary  President  ..••  .  Auditors  For  committee  men  80  0  0  Printing  and  stationery  50  0  0  Thus  showing  that  the  society  would  have  been  in  a  much  More  prosperous  condition  than  it  then  was.  Having  offered  a  few  remarks  on  the  necessity  of  the  members  coming  forward  and  assisting  the  committee  with  their  subscriptions  he  concluded  by  moving  the  resolution.  Mr,  Shaw  seconded  the  resolution  without  any  comment.  The  Chairman  was  about  to  put  the  resolution  to  the  Meeting,  when  Mr.  John  Al`Comb  came  forward,  and  in  answer  to  the  Chairman,  said  he  had  an  amendment  to  propose,  he  did  not  come  forward  to  defend  wrong,  but  he  came  forward  to  support  his  own  c  h  aracter  against  the  attacks  Mr.  Shep Shepherd  herd Shepherd  had  made  upon  him.  (Cries  of  Get  He  Was  a  member  of  the  committee  during  the  time  that  it  had  been  stated  that  the  collectors  had  received  Christmas  boxes.  (Cries  of  44 STYLE=superscript  50  they  Ile  said  such  was  not  the  fact  —and  that  the  chairman  had  misrepresented—he  Would  not  call  it  by  a  worse  name.  A.  Voice  :  Call  it  by  its  proper  name  !  shMr.  M'C  oom  b  :  He  did  not  like  to  designate  it  as  it  ould  would  be,  but  as  h  e  h  ad  b  een  called  upon  so  to  do,  he  a  that  h  e  h  a  d  told  a  falsehood.  (Much  dis dispProbation,  pProbation, dispProbation,  and  cries  of  Come  to  the  Re  would  SUSPECTED  POISONING  OF  TWO  CHILDREN.  On  Wednesday  an  inquest  was  held  by  Mr.  Herford,  city  coroner,  at  the  Bridge  inn,  Fairfield-street,  Ancoats,  on  the  bodies  of  two  children,  named  Anne  Green,  aged  seven,  and  Margaret  Green,  aged  four  years,  the  daughters  of  Peter  Green,  dyer,  of  42,  St.  Andrew's.street,  Ancoats,  whose  deaths  have  occurred  under  such  circumstances  as  to  excite  suspicion  that  they  had  poison  administered  to  them.  Both  the  deceased  children  wore  eatolled  hi  a  burial  club,  front  which  the  parents  were  entitled  to  receive  on  the  death  ofeach  child.  The  inquiry  was  a  dj  ourned  to  this  day,  in  order  to  an  analysis  of  the  contents  of  the  intestines  of  the  deceased.  EXTRAORDINARY  ROBBERY  IN  BIRMINGHAM.--  On  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  morning  a  most  daring  robbery  was  committed  on  the  premises  of  M  r.  H.  Burbidge,  corn  factor,  Bradfo  r  d  street,  Birmingh  am.  Upon  the'  shop  being  opened,  it  was  discovered  that  the  iron  safe  in  which  Mr  Burbidge  hept  his  books,  title  deeds,  and  cash,  had  been  carried  off.  The  safe  weighed  nearly  400  lbs.,  and  was  fastened  to  the  wall  by  the  strong  brackets  on  which  it  rested.  Though  nothing  else  had  been  disturbed,  the  booty  thus  obtained  was  considerable,  there  being  in  the  drawers  of  the  safe  no  less  than  £l4O,  of  which  about  £55  was  in  gold,  £35  in  silver,  and  the  remainder  in  notes.  To  Mr.  Burbridge,  however,  the  cash  was  the  least  valuable  of  its  contents.  Betwixt  nine  and  ten  o'clock,  a  boat  passing  through  a  lock  of  the  canal  ex experienced  perienced experienced  some  obstruction  in  its  progress.  An  exami examination  nation examination  led  to  the  discovery  that  an  iron  chest  was  lying  in  the  lock,  The  lock  was  completely  emptied  of  water.  The  safe  was  recovered,  and  with  it  all  the  books  and  important  documents,  though  of  course  the  cash  had  disappeared.  Sledge  hammers  must  have  been  used  to  force  the  chest  open.  It  was  so  bent  and  torn  that  the  maker  would  have  been  unable  to  identify  it.  We  be believe  lieve believe  that  the  police  have  obtained  some  clue  to  the  thieves.—Birmingham  Journal.  NORTHERN  TIMES.--LIVERPOOL,  FRIDAY,  JANUARY  25,  1.856.  DARING  ATTEMPT  AT  MURDER  AND  ROBBERY  IN  SOUTH  CASTLE-STREET  One  of  the  most  frightful  attempts  at  murder  that  we  have  heard  of  for  sometime,  took  place  yesterday  morning  about  ten  o'clock,  at  the  shop  of  Mr.  Durandu,  bullion bulliondealer  dealer bulliondealer  and  money-changer,  South  Castle-street.  The  facts  of  this  most  atrocious  case  are  as  follows  :—A  few  minutes  before  ten  o'clock  this  morning,  two  fellows,  brothers,  named  Robert  and  Henry  E'  re,  apparently  about  19  and  29  years  of  age,  were  observed  lurking  about  the  door  of  Mr.  Durandu's  establishment,  but  nothing  wrong  was  suspected  at  the  time.  About  ten  o'clock  the  confidential  clerk  of  Mr.  Durandu,  named  William  Hughes,  went  out  for  the  cash  box,  which  was  deposited  at  Mr.  Hornby's,  jeweller,  in  the  same  street,  leaving  a  youth  named  Stoddart  in  the  shop.  The  fellows  ap appearei  pearei appearei  to  know  the  movements  of  the  people  in  the  establishment,  for  they  kept  a  close  watch  on  poor  Hughes,  who  was  destined  soon  to  be  their  victim.  When  he  went  out,  the  assassins  entered,  and  asked  the  lad  Stoddart  if  his  master  had  yet  come  down  ;  but  before  he  had  time  to  give  any  reply,  they  struck  him  with  something  which  he  thinks  was  a  life-protector  on  the  head,  and  this  knocked  him  down,  at  the  same  time  stunning  him  very  much.  They  then  carried  him  into  a  private  office,  when  one  of  them  kept  guard  over,  and  threatened  to  murder  him,  if  he  uttered  a  word.  In  a  few  moments  poor  Hughes  entered  with  the  cash-box,  which  contained  about  £1,500.  One  of  the  prisoners  had,  in  the  meantime,  placed  himself  behind  the  shop  door  in  wait  for  the  victim.  When  llughes  entered,  the  fel fellow  low fellow  inside  at  once  struck  him  a  furious  blow  on  tne  back  of  the  head,  which  felled  him  to  the  ground,  and  inflicted  a  terrible  wound  on  him.  He  repeated  the  blow  and  cut  the  young  man  several  places  on  the  head.  A.  death-like  struggle  followed,  hut  Hughes  was  enabled  to  shout  murder  and  police.  The  screams  were  heard  by  Mr.  Levi,  who  resides  next  door,  and  he  most  promptly  ran  out  and  found  the  two  fellows  in  the  act  of  beating  Hughes.  He  immediately  grappled  with  the  ruffians  and  seized  one  of  them,  calling  loudly  for  assistance.  Immediately  one  or  two  persons  in  the  neighbourhood  arrived,  anal  raised  an  alarm,  and  then  police-constable  Merryweather  424,  and  officer  463,  being  attracted  by  the  cries,  came  up,  and  after  a  fierce  encounter  the  prisoners  were  captured  and  lodged  in  the  main  bridewell.  It  is  needless  to  describe  the  amount  of  excitement  created  in  the  neighbourhood,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  this  daylight  attempt  at  murder.  Hughes  was  at  once  conveyed  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  when  every  attention  was  paid  him,  but  it  is  stated  that  at  present  he  is  in  a  very  dangerous  state.  EXAMINATION  OF  THE  PRISONERS  BEFORE  THE  MAGISTRATES,  Shortly  before  one  o'clock  the  prisoners  were  brought  up  before  Mr.  G.  Maxwell  at  the  police  court,  which  was  much  crowded  by  persons  who  had  come  to  hear  the  details  of  this  extraordinary  case.  The  prisoners  were  rather  respectable respectablelooking  looking respectablelooking  young  men,  though  rather  poorly  attired.  Robert  Eyres  is  about  five  feet  eleven  inches  high,  the  other,  Henry,  about  three  or  four  inches  less.  They  are  described  as  natives  of  Liverpool,  and  it  was  stated  that  upwards  of  a  year  and  a  half  ago  their  father  was  convicted  of  stealing  from  a  letter,  a  bank  post  bill  for  £5OO,  which  had  been  sent  from  a  mercantile  house  in  this  town  to  a  firm  in  Scotland.  Inspector  Murphy,  on  that  occasion  succeeded  in  recovering  more  than  £4OO  of  the  money.  The  facts  con connecte'l  necte'l connecte'l  with  that  case  were  curious,  and  are  as  follows—The  man  (the  prisoners'  father)  was  engaged,  sometimes  in  small  mercantile  transactions  for  himself,  and  sometimes  acted  as  clerk  or  agent  in  other  affairs.  A  note  for  £5OO  was  put  into  a  letter,  and  directed  to  a  house  in  Scotland,  but  it  never  reached  its  destination.  A  boy  engaged  in  the  house  that  transmitted  the  letter,  stated  he  posted  it  in  due  course,  but  if  so,  how  it  got  out  of  the  post-office  remains  a  mystery  to  this  day.  Sometime  before  the  loss  was  discovered,  the  father  of  the  present  prisoners  succeeded  in  getting  the  note  changed  at  Barned's  bank,  having  previously  forged  an  endorsement  on  it.  Subsequently,  Inspector  Murphy  traced  the  note  to  the  man,  and  on  searching  his  residence  at  Rose-place,  he  found  about  £4OO  in  gold,  the  produce  of  the  note.  The  man  attempted  to  account  for  the  possession  of  the  money  by  stating  that  he  had  sold  a  property  in  Ireland.  This  was  found  to  be  incorrect,  although  it  seemed  he  had  a  property  in  that  country,  hut  it  was  embarrassed.  He  was  tried  for  the  robbery  and  forgery,  found  guilty,  and  sentenced  to  six  years  transporta transportation.  tion. transportation.  The  eldest  of  the  prisoners  in  the  present  case;  Robert  Evre,  went  at  the  time  to  Ireland,  and  it  was  supposed  be  took  a  portion  of  the  money  with  him,  but  although  Inspector  Murphy  followed  him  to  Ireland,  he  was  not  able  to  trace  any  more  of  the  money.  From  that  time  up  to  the  present,  the  police  have  observed  the  prisoners  knocking  about  the  (as  it  is  called),  but  there  had  not  been  any  charge  made  against  them  up  to  the  present  time  although  the  police  kept  a  sharp  look  out  on  them,  as  they  suspected  all  was  not  right.  They  are  young  men  of  intel intelligence,  ligence, intelligence,  and  said  to  have  had  a  fair  mercantile  education.  Their  motive  in  the  present  case  can  hardly  be  fathomed,  except  that  they  calculated,  by  such  a  desperate  and  daring  course,  to  escape  with  the  cash  box,  and  perhaps  had  not  poor  Hughes  made  such  desperate  resistance,  and  had  not  assistance  been  rendered  so  promptly  by  Mr.  Levi,  they  might  for  a  time  have  succeeded  in  eluding  the  officers  of  justice.  When  put  forward  to  the  bar  they  were  more  collected  than  any  one  in  the  crowded  court,  and  did  not  seem  to  feel  the  position  in  which  they  were  placed—at  least  they  appeared  to  treat  the  matter  with  perfect  indifference  and  unconcern.  Inspector  Murphy  stated  the  case  for  the  prosecution,  and  detailed  the  facts  already  mentioned.  Francis  Stoddart,  an  intelligent  bop  about  14  or  15  years  old,  was  then  called  and  examined;  He  said  :  About  twenty  minutes  or  a  quarter  before  ten  o'clock  this  morn morning  ing morning  I  was  in  the  shop,  where  I  am  messenger.  The  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  came  in  and  asked  me  if  the  master  was  yet  come  down  ?  I  had  not  time  to  answer  the  question  when  the  big  one  (Robert)  gave  me  a  blow  and  knocked  me  down.  The  little  one  (Henry)  then  caught  me  by  the  throat  and  swore  if  I  said  a  word  he  would  shoot  me.  Mr.  Hughes,  the  clerk,  had  gone  out  for  the  cash-box,  and  just  at  that  time  he  came  in  with  it.  The  prisoners  carried  me  behind  at  that  time.  When  Mr.  Hughes  came  in  they  at  once  knocked  him  down.  They  continued  to  beat  him,  and  I  could  hear  the  blows.  These  are  the  two  men  who  did  it.  LIVERPOOL  PHILHARMONIC  SOCIETY.  :~-  The  adjourned  annual  general  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  at  one  o'clock,  yesterday,  in  the  cotton  sales'-  room,  Exchange-buildings,  Mr.  Marriott  in  the  chair.  The  Chairman,  in  opening  the  proceedings,  expressed  his  regret,  which  he  was  shared  in  by  all  the  meeting,  at  the  absence  of  Mr.  Hardman  Earle,  who  had  for  so  many  years  presided  over  their  annual  meetings,  with  grace  and  credit  to  himself  and  advantage  to  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  had  been  requested  by  Mr.  Earle  to  state  that  his  absence  was  unavoidable,  as  he  was  engaged  at  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  on  important  business  in  connection  with  the  London  and  North-western  Railway,  and  while  he  (the  chairman)  regretted  his  absence,  he  at  the  same  time  was  glad  to  have  the  opportunity  of  paying  what  was  only  a  just  tribute  to  the  services  which  Mr.  Earle  had  rendered  to  the  society  in  his  position  of  chairman.  (Hear,  hear.)  On  this  occasion  they  had  met  to  pass  the  accounts  of  last  year  and  to  make  arrangements  for  the  coming  year,  and  though  those  arrangements.  as  proposed,  involved  few  changes  of  iraportance.  it  would'still  be  for  the  meeting  to  determine  whether  they  were  desirable  or  not.  The  following  report  was  read  by  Mr.  Henry  Sudlow,  secretary  :  REPORT.  Mr.  Bernard  Levi  was  next  examined,  and  deposed  as  follows  :—I  reside  at  No.  32.  South  Castle-street,  next  door  to  Mr.  Durandu's  office.  This  morning,  about  a  quarter  to  ten  o'clock  I  was  placing  the  goods  in  my  window,  and  I  observed  Mr.  Hughes  pass  the  window  at  the  time.  I  saw  him  go  down  the  street,  and  then  return  back  with  the  cash-box.  Immediately  after  I  heard  a  great  noise,  and  I  thought  at  first  it  might  be  some  of  the  boys  skylarking.  This  was  said  also  to  me  by  some  one  else,  but  I  did  not  then  believe  it,  as  the  noise  became  so  serious.  I  ran  out  of  my  shop  and  into  Mr.  Duranda's,  and  then  I  saw  the  two  prisoners  over  Hughes,  who  was  on  the  floor  i►►  a  pool  of  blood.  They  were  striking  him  at  the  time.  I  imme immediately  diately immediately  seized  the  smaller  prisoner,  and  then  the  other  turned  to  go  out,  but  was  seized  by  some  one  who  came  in  at  the  moment.  These  are  the  two  persons  now  present._  The  Committee  of  the  Liverpool  Philharmonic  Society  beg  to  submit  to  the  proprietors  the  statement  of  accounts  for  the  past  year.  These  accounts  have  been  prepared  by  Messrs.  Mr Mrmood  mood Mrmood  Banner  and  Son,  whose  signature  attest  their  accuracy.  By  a  reference  to  them  it  will  be  found  that  the  regular  receipts  of  the  season  have  about  balanced  the  regular  expenditure,  nor  do  the  committee  think  that  more  than  this  could  fairly  be  expected,  when  allowance  is  made  for  the  general  depression  that  has  weighed:  upon  the  com community  munity community  during  the  past  year.  t&amp;The  - STYLE=superscript  committee,  however,  have  much  pleasure  in  adding  that  two  concerts  given  this  year  with  M  'flame  Gold Goldschmidt,  schmidt, Goldschmidt,  and  which  do  not  appear  in  the  accounts,  have  resulted  in  the  handsome  profit  of  £1,700.  and  when  this  is  taken  into  account,  the  present  total  debt  of  the  society  may  be  stated  at  about  £7,400,  as  follows  :  Mortgage  debt  remaining  .  0  0  Cash  at  credit  with  Bankers,  say  £llOO  0  0  Deduct  outstanding  liabilities,  in  unpaid  tradesmen's  bills,  &amp;c...  500  0  0  600  0  0  Leaving  a  total  debt,  as  above  stated,  of  £7400  0  0  In  giving  these  figures,  however,  the  committee  think  it  right  to  remind  the  proprietary  that  the  large  sum  of  £1512  was  received  in  1853,  in  anticipation  of  future  calls,  as  appears  in  the  accounts  of  that  year,  and  some  small  sums  were  received  in  like  manner,  in  anticipation,  in  1854.  It  is  obvious  that  these  payments  in  a  4 STYLE=superscript  vance,  will  cause  the  income  to  be  collected  from  this  source  during  the  next  three  years  to  be  less  than  that  derived  from  it  during  the  three  years  last  elapsed.  Notwithstanding  this  drawback,  the  committee  cannot  but  regard  the  present  financial  position  of  the  scciety  as,  under  the  circumstances,  very  satisfactory.  The  society  will  still  retain  unsold,  besides  the  gallery,  two  boxes  and  about  200  stalls,  which  the  committee  are  per persuaded  suaded persuaded  will  eventually  prove  a  valuable  property.  The  subscriptions  have  been  paid  upon  all  seats,  except excepting  ing excepting  eight  stalls  which  have  been  forfeited  to  the  society.  The  total  amount  of  subscriptions  received  has  been  £3,645  14s.  6d.  The  committee  have  much  pleasure  in  reporting  that  the  third  call  has  been  met  by  every  proprietor,  without  excep exception.  tion. exception.  The  amount  received  under  this  head  is  stated,  with  all  particulars,  in  a  separate  account.  Mr.  Duggan  was  the  next  witness.  He  said  I  heard  the  noise  and  alarm  as  I  was  passing,  and  ran  to  the  shop.  I  seized  the  taller  prisoner  coming  out  of  the  door.  Officer  463  said  he  had  Air.  Hughes  taken  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  where  he  is  lying  at  present.  I  saw  the  doctor  a  short  time  since,  and  was  informed  by  him  thqt  Mr.  Hughes  was  then  iu  a  very  bad  state,  and  could  not  attend  ;  perhaps  he  would  not  get  over  the  in injuries  juries injuries  he  had  received.  The  system  of  fines  for  unpunctuality  in  the  payment  of  snbscriptions,  which  was  adopted  by  the  society  in  1853,  has  again  been  found  to  work  well,  for  not  only  have  the  subscriptions  been  paid  more  promptly  than  in  former  years,  but  the  fines  collected  to  indemnify  the  society  for  the  interest  that  would  otherwise  have  been  lost,  amount  t  o  the  sum  of  £32  Os.  The  committee  have  made  it  their  study  to  render  their  programmes  as  attractive  and  agreeable  to  the  various  tastes  of  the  proprietary  as  lay  within  their  power;  and,  not  to  enumerate  the  long  catalogues  of  Artistes  who  have  appeared  in  the  course  of  the  season,  they  believe  that  the  engage engagements  ments engagements  will  be  found  to  comprise  the  most  eminent  vocal  and  instrumental  celebrities  who,  during  the  year,  have  visited  or  been  resident  in  this  country.  The  committee  consider  that  the  best  thanks  of  the  pro proprietary  prietary proprietary  are  due  to  the  practical  members  for  their  ready  and  hearty  co-operation  at  all  times,  upon  which  the  well-being  of  the  society  very  greatly  depends.  The  committee  also  deem  it  right  to  express  their  entire  satisfaction  with  the  zeal  with  which  Mr.  Henry  Sudlow  has  discharged  the  duties  of  secretary  and  treasurer,  since  the  vote  of  the  proprietors  last  Match  elected  him  to  that  post.  ___.  .  With  respect  to  the  year  unon  which  we  are  now  enter entering,  ing, entering,  the  committee  unanimously  recommend  that  the  number  of  subscription  concerts  be  ten  instead  of  eight.  The  extra  expense  entailed  by  this  change  is  estimated  not  to  exceed  £250,  while  the  numerous  advantages  attendant  upon  it  are  thought  to  counterbalance  very  amply  this  additional  outlay.  The  committee  also  recommend  (hut  they  are  not  unani unanimous  mous unanimous  upon  this  point)  that  the  privilege  of  entrance  at  Subscription  Concerts  be  extended  to  residents  not  in  business  for  themselves,  if  recommended  by  a  proprietor  and  approved  by  the  committee,  upon  their  payment  of  an  annual  entrance  fee  of  lOs  6d.  Such  season  subscribers  are  of  course  to  be  provided  with  the  necessary  ticket,  either  by  gift  or  purchase.  It  is  thought  generally  among  the  committee  that  this  change  will  be  a  welcome  and  graceful  act  of  courtesy  to  a  large  class  of  gentlemen,  who,  in  pursuit  of  commercial  instruction,  make  this  port  their  temporary  dwelling  place,  while,  in  a  pecuniary  point  of  view,  it,  will  afford  an  acceptable  increase  to  the  funds  of  the  society.  The  committee  also  recommend  that  the  subscription  for  1836  be  fixed  as  follows  :  Boxes  and  Stalls  ...  ...  £3  3  0  each  seat.  Gallery  Stalls  ...  .  •  ...  2  0  0  Gallery  ...  1  0  0  ...  Annual  Subscribers  to  the  Stalls  4  4  0  Proprietors  to  be  allowed  to  nominate  any  resident  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  for  the  season,  upon  payment  01  ss,  as  heretofore.  The  fourth  call  of  £2  per  seat  will  be  due  on  the  25th  of  March  next.  The  committee  have  engaged  to  pay  off  on  that  day  .E  2001)  of  the  mortgage  debt,  and  they  are  not  without  hopes  of  being  able  to  increase  that  amount.  They,  therefore,  venture  earnestly  to  impress  upon  the  proprietors  the  desirability  of  paying  both  the  call  and  the  subscription  punctually,  in  order  that  they  may  be  put  in  funds  for  the  purpose.  -  The  members  of  the  committee  who  retire  by  rotation,  but  who  are  re-eligible,  are  as  follows  :  Mr.  0.  Burchirdt,  Mr.  C.  W.  Neumann,  Mr.  James  H  o  l  me,  Mr.  Hetherington,  Mr.  A.  G.  Kurtz,  Mr.  IT,  W.  Mead  e  Ki  ng,  Mr.  B.  H.  Jones,  Mr.  J.  P.  G.  S  m  ith  .  Mr.  James  Smith.  But  as  the  practical  members,  in  accordance  with  their  privilege,  have  nominated  Mr.  Hetherington  to  represent  them  on  the  committee,  only  eight  other  gentlemen  can  be  elected.  _  Mr.  Clough  :  I  now  ask  your  Worship  to  remand  the  prisoner  for  seven  days.  Mr.  Wybergh  :  We  must  have  the  doctor  here,  to  ascer ascertain  tain ascertain  the  nature  of  the  injuries  inflicted  on  Hughes.  Here  Officer  Merryweather,  424,  handed  in  a  broken  Life  which  had  been  found  in  Mr:  Durandu's  shop,  and  which,  it  was  said,  had  been  the  instrument  with  which  Hughes  had  been  so  grievously  maltreated.  Mr.  Maxwell,  to  the  prisoner  :  What  have  you  to  say  to  this  most  serious  charge?  The  prisoner,  Robert  Eyre,  replied  :  All  that  is  stated  is  the  case,  but  we  did  not  use  so  much  violence  as  is  said,  nor  act  so  severely.  Mr.  Maxwell  Mr.  Moseley,  seeing  that  the  use  of  the  hall  was  credited  in  the  statement  of  accounts  for  only  25/,  wished  to  know  if  that  were  all  that  had  been  received  for  it  during  the  past  year?  The  Chairman  said  that  it  was  the  only  instance  on  which  they  had  been  able  to  let  the  hall  during  the  year,  chiefly  because  of  the  opening  of  St.  George's-hall,  and  the  attractions  which,  for  the  moment,  novelty  gave  it.  He  felt  assured,  however,  that  when  the  merits  of  the  two  halls  were  better  known,  it  would  be  found  that  the  Phil Philharmonic  harmonic Philharmonic  was  better  adapted  than  St.  George's•hall  for  private  concerts.  Mr.  Moseley  said  he  merely  threw  it  out  as  a  suggestion  to  the  committee,  that  if  they  derived  only  such  a  small  sum  for  the  use  of  the  hall,  they  world  not  be  acting  justly  towards  the  proprietors,  in  letting  the  public  have  the  advantage  of  it.  What  are  you  ?  The  Chairman  replied  that  last  year  had  been  an  excep exceptional  tional exceptional  year  for  the  cause  he  stated.  For  several  years  previously,  the STYLE=superscript  receipts  for  the  use  If  the  hall,  had  been  250/  a  year.  E.  F.  Jones  seconded  the  adoption  of  the  report  and  'statement  of  accounts,  and  in  doing  so,  suggested  that,  to  a  certain  degree,  popular  music  should  be  introduced  into  the  concerts  of  the  society.  He  observed  that  the  music  of  Handel  was  altogether  neglected  by  them,  and  yet  it  was  music  generally  known  in  England,  and  almost  represented  the  English  language.  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  R.  J.  King  moved  that  the  best  thanks  of  the  meeting  be  given  to  the  for  their  ready  and  practical  co-operation  at  all  times.  upon  which  the  well wellbeing  being wellbeing  of  the  society  very  generally  depended.  He  observed  that  they  could  not  over-estimate  the  services  of  the  practical  members,  and  that  the  best  compliment  which  the  society  could  pay  them  would  be  by  supplying  them  with  a  plentiful  stock  of  classic  music.  in  the  study  of  which  they  would  not  only  cultivate  their  own  taste  but  delight  the  society.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  agreed  with  Mr.  Jones,  and  thought  that  Handel's  music  should  not  be  so  much  neglected.  Prisoner  :  A  clerk.  Mr,  Maxwell:  Are  they  known  here?  Mr.  Clough  :  We  know  who  they  are.  Mr.  Richardson  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  adopted.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Crittenden,  seconded  by  Mr.  Downes,  it  was  resolved  that  the  number  of  subscription  concerts  should  be  ten  instead  of  eight.  Inspector  Murphy  then  detailed  the  facts  in  reference  to  their  father.  .  The  prisoner,  in  answer  to  further  questions,  said  he  had  been  taking  weights  at  the  docks,  and  in  that  way,  but  latterly  he  could  not  get  anything  to  do,  and  he  was  starving.  The  prisoners  were  then  remanded.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  P.  G.  Heyviorth,  seconded  by  Mr.  11.  J.  King,  it  was  resolved  that  the  privilege  of  entrance  to  subscription  concerts  be  extended  to  residents  not  in  business  for  themselves,  if  recommended  by  a  proprietor  and  approved  by  the  committee,  upon  the  payment  of  an  annual  entrance  fee  of  10s.  6d.,  such  subscribers  of  course  to  be  provided  with  the  necessary  ticket,  either  by  gift  or  purchase.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Meade  King,  seconded  by  Mr.  Clare,  the  committee  for  the  ensuing  year  was  appointed.  Thanks  were  then  voted  to  the  chairman;  and  the  meeting  separated.  POSTAGE  TO  THE  EAST  INDIES.  -011  and  after  Ist  Feb.  akest  office  notice  intimates  that  the  postage  upon  letters  via  Southampton  will  be  reduced  to  6d.  the  half  ounce.  Letters  forwarded  via  Marseilles  will  be  liable  to  the  same  Kate,  with  the  addition  of  sd.  per  quarter  ounce  for  French  transit.  The  Southampton  rate  rises  is.  for  one  ounce  ;  2s.  for  two  ounces  ;  3s.  for  three  ounces  ;  4s.  for  four  ounces  ;  and  ss.  not.exceeding  five  ounces.  The  Invalide  Russe  of  the  15th  inst.,  contains  Prince  Gortschakoff's  diary  to  the  Ist  Jan.  He  states,  that  on  the  left  flank  of  his  position  the  chain  of  outposts  on  either  side  continually  attacked  each  other.  He  also  gives  an  account  of  the  reconnaissance  made  by  the  Allies  from  Eupatoria,  Dec.  31st  ;  and  also  of  the  affair  of  out.  posts  in  a  pass  leading  to  the  valley  of  Baidar,  on  Dec  30th,  respecting  both  of  which  we  were  previ  ous  l  y  in informed  formed informed  by  the  despatches  of  Marshal  Pelissier.  THE  KIRKDALE  CHAIRMANSHIP,  MR.  POLLOCK  AND  MR.  J.  ROSSON.  We  have  been  requested  to  publish  the  following  corres correspondence  pondence correspondence  :  8  Gambier•terraee,  Liverpool, STYLE=superscript  Thursday  Evening,  17th  January,  1856.  Sir,—ln  the  Liverpool  paners  of  yesterday  you  are  reported  to  have  male,  at  the  Birkdale  quarter  sessions  held  on  the  16th  instant,  certain  observations  reflecting  on  my  character  and  conduct.  I  forward  herewith  the  reports  of  those  observations  taken  from  the  Mercury  and  the  Daily  Post,  which  agree  in  the  main  with  the  statements  contained  in  the  Courier  and  NORTHERN  TIMES.  I  have  to  request  that  you  will  inform  me  whether  those  reports,  or  any  of  them,  be  substantially  correct  ;  and  I  particularly  direct  your  attention  to  the  assertion  that  I  had  put  myself  forward  as  a  candidate  for  the  vaclnt  chairman chairmanship,  ship, chairmanship,  and  had  canvassed  actively,  or  otherwise,  for  my  own  election.  If  this  statement  be  correctly  attributed  to  you,  I  have  further  to  request  that  you  will  inform  me  upon  what  authority  you  made  such  an  assertion.  —I  have  the  honour  to  be,  sir,  your  very  obedient  servant,  JOSEPH  POLLOCK.  John  Rosson,  Esq.,  &amp;a.,  &amp;e.  Though  written  on  the  17th,  Ihave  been  obliged  to  defer  sending  this  'till  to  day,  January  19th.  Moor-hall,  Ormskirk,  21st  January,  18.56.  Sir,—l  only  received  your  letter  last  night,  and  imme immediately  diately immediately  on  its  receipt  proceeded  to  make  the  necessary  inqui inquiries  ries inquiries  before  I  could  answer  the  queries  in  your  note  ;  And  I  am  happy  to  say  that  the  result  bas  been  such  as  entirely  to  exonerate  you  from  any  imputation  on  your  character  and  conduct.  It  appears  that  my  informant  has  himself  been  the  victim  of  a  mis-statement  ;  for,  after  sifting  the  rumour  to  the  bottom,  be  has  just  returned  to  me  a-d  stated,  am  sorry  that  I  have  misled  you.  I  find  that  the  statement  should  have  run  thus,  •  I  understand  that  the  friends  of  Mr.  Pollock  are  actively  canvassing  to  raise  him  to  the  chair.'  This  makes  all  the  and  I  deeply  regret  that  I  have  thus  been  made  the  unconscious  channel  of  an  error.  I  must  now  beg  to  call  your  attention  to  a  virulent  lead leading  ing leading  article  in  the  _Daily  Pose  of  Wednesday  last,  wherein  the  Editor  is  instructed  (among  other  observations)  to  Lssail  my  character  and  conduct  in  the  iollowinß  word  No  one  neei  Je  reminded  of  the  cause  of  Mr.  R  hostility  to  Mr.  Pollock.  Once  upon  a  time,  Mr.  Rosson  had  a  notion  about  a  sectional  division  of  the  county  for  magisterial  purposes,  but  his  object  was  defeated,  and  for  that  defeat  he  blamed  Mr.  I  wish  to  know  if  you  suggested,  or  cansrd  to  be  suggested,  that  passage  in  the  Post?  For  myself,  I  utterly  disclaim  the  mean  and  unworthy  motive.  I  have  long  since  forgiven  the  course  you'  thought  fit  to  pursue  at  Preston,  which  filled  me,  at  the  time  whilst  labouring  under  dangerous  illness,  with  astonishment  and  regret.  The  great  question  of  the  division  of  our  ducal  province  into  three  ridings  can  bide  its  It  is  as  a  constitututional  lawyer  that  I  object  to  your  election  as  chairman  of  the  quarter  sessions,  though  I  consider  you  are  well  qualified,  by  talent  and  learning,  to  fill  the  situation.  Your  appointment  will  be  a  precedent  for  the  advancement  of  other  county-court  judges  ;  and  then  may  follow  the  gradual  abolition  of  the  commission  of  the  peace  as  at  present  constituted,  and  in  place  of  the  old  constitutional  system,  a  system  of  centralisation  and  stipendiary  justices  all  over  the  country.  I  am  to  inform  you  that  it  is  in  contemplation  by  the  magistrates,  who  take  this  view  of  the  subject,  to  consult  the  chancellor  of  the  duchy  on  the  expediency  of  a  de declaratory  claratory declaratory  act  of  parliament  to  set  this  question  at  rest.  We  could  not  have  a  more  discreet  adviser  than  the  right  hon.  member  for  Leeds—a  barr'ster  and  Cabinet  Minister  with  whom  we  are  all  acquginted,  and  who  could  confer  at  once  with  his  colleagues,  the  Secretary  of  State,  and  the  Government,  and  be  the  proper  man  to  take  charge  of  such  a  measure  in  the  House  of  Commons.  Leaving  you  at  liberty  to  publish  this  letter,  with  your  own,  in  the  public  journals,  I  have  the  honour  to  be,  sir  :  your  most  obedient  servant,  JOHN  ROSSON.  To  Joseph  Pollock,  Esq.,  8,  Gambier-terrace,  Liverpool.  8,  Gambier-terrace,  Liverpool,  January  22.  1856,  Sir  —I  have  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  you  r  l  e  tt  e  r  of  yesterday,  and  to  thank  you  for  the  readiness  with  which,  finding  you  have  been  misled,  you  entirely  exonerate  me  from  any  imputation  on  my  character  and  So  placed,  I  am  relieved  from  the  obligation  of  discus discussing  sing discussing  further  the  opinions  expressed  by  you  at  the  sessions.  .  ,  I  beg  further  to  assure  you  that  I  neither  suggested,  caused  to  be  or  was  aware  of,  (until  after  it  had  been  published),  the  leading  article  in  the  Daily  Post,  to  which  you  refer,  and  that  nothing  could  be  more  opposed  to  my  ideas  of  propriety  than  that  I  should  have  censured  you  in  any  newspaper  whatever  under  the  guise  of  editorial  criticism.  If,  in  the  course  pursued  by  me,  in  conjunction  with  others  at  Preston,  upon  your  motion  for  a  division  of  the  county  into  three  ridings,  and  in  the  discharge  of  that  which,  however  erroneously,  I  believed  to  be  a  public  duty,  I  pained  you,  I  sincerely  it.  I  certainly  felt  grieved,  as  I  expressed  at  the  time  to  several  of  our  brother  magistrates,  that  I  should  have  been  compelled  to  differ  from  von,  when  I  was  aware  you  were  labouring  under  serious  indisposition.  With  respect  to  the  grave  constitutional  question  to  which  you  have  referred,  I  can  only  say  that  it  is  one  well  worthy  of  the  attention  of  the  governmont,  and  that  I  shall  be  happy  to  ass'st  in  its  early  and  satisfactory  solution.  I  propose  to  publish  this,  along  with  the  other  corre-  spondence  which  has  passed  between  us,  but  not  until  you  have  had  time  to  inform  me  if  you  have  anything  to  add  to  it,  and  am,  sir,  your  very  obedient  servant,  J.  Rosson,  JOSEPH  POLLO  CK.  Moor-hall,  Ormskirk,  21st  January,  1856,  Sir,—l  have  yours  of  yesterday,  containing  your  satis satisfactory  factory satisfactory  disavowal  of  the  pissage  in  the  leader  of  the  Daily  Post.  I  have  only  to  add  my  approval  of  the  candid  and  manly  tone  that  pervades  your  communication.—l  am,  sir,  your  most  obedient  servant,  JOHN  RossoN.  Joseph  Pollock,  Esq.,  &amp;c.  NEW  DEAD-MEAT  MARKET.  -  The  government,  it  appears,  has  listened  to  the  applications  of  the  Corp°.  ration  of  London,  and  of  the  inhabitants  of  Smithfield,  and  has  resolved  to  permit  the  erection  of  a  dead  -meat  market  on  the  site  of  the  late  cattle  market.  THE  RUSSIANS  AT  ARCHANGEL.—A  letter  from  Dron Drontheim,  theim, Drontheim,  in  Norway,  dated  the  3rd,  says  Travellers  from  Archangel  state  that  the  Russian  government  is  at  present  causing  to  be  built  in  the  dockyards  of  that  port  six  frigates  and  twenty  gunboats,  all  on  the  screw  principle,  and  that  they  will  be  completed  before  the  end  of  the  winter.  As  there  are  not  at  Archangel  sufficient  regular  carpenters,  every  man  knowing  how  to  use  an  axe  has  been  forced  to  take  part  in  the  work.  At  the  same  time  the  old  fortifications  are  being  repaired  and  enlarged,  and  new  ones  are  being  SUPPOSED  INCENDIARISM  IN  IRELAND.  A  destruc destructive  tive destructive  fire  broke  out  on  Friday  morning  early,  in  the  extensive  out-offices  of  Mr.  Thompson,  Rathnally  House,  near  Trim,  county  Meath.  There  were  destroyed  eight  stall-fed  bullocks,  two  horses,  eight  pigs,  150  barrels  of  potatoes,  30  barrels  of  oats,  a  rick  of  corn  of  about  100  barrels,  and  a  rick  of  hay  of  100  tons.  There  were  14  or  15  houses  in  the  range,  all  of  which  were  destroyed.  The  loss  is  estimated  at  £2OOO.  There  have  been  several  cases  of  malicious  burning  in  the  county  Meath  within  the  past  few  months.  VALUE  OF  SLAVE  Lire.—A  few  weeks  ago  two  intoxi intoxicated  cated intoxicated  Kentuckians  found  a  negro  asleep  in  an  hotel  at  Cincinnati,  and,  for  amusement,  they  took  a  camphine  lamp.  and,  pouring  the  fluid  over  his  whiskers,  ignited  it,  and  the  poor  fellow's  head  and  neck  became  instantly  wrapped  in  an  intense  blaze,  which  continued  until  the  fluid  was  consumed.  The  sufferings  of  the  victim  were  dreadful  in  the  extreme.  No  refinement  of  torture  could  have  produced  more  excruciating  misery.  But,  strange  to  say,  death  did  not  release  him  from  torment  until  after  the  lapse  of  two  weeks.  No  legal  investigation  took  place,  and  the  young  men  arranged  the  matter  by  paying  the  landlord  of  the  hotel  1,200  dollars  for  the  loss  of  his  servant.  _  .  .  _  — STYLE=superscript  SAOMING  DEATII  BY  FIRE.—It  is  our  painful  duty  to  record  the  death  of  Miss  Caroline  Luttrell,  second  daughter  of  Colonel  Luttrell,  of  Kilve  Court,  Som  erse  t  ,  from  the  shock  and  exhaustion  caused  by  a  severe  surface  burn,  occasioned  by  accidentally  setting  fire  to  her  dress  while  lighting  the  tapers  of  a  Christmas  tree.  It  appears  that  on  Friday  week  Mrs.  Luttrell  —the  gallant  gentleman  himself  being  away  on  duty  with  his  regiment  at  Cork_  entertained  some  friends  at  a  family  reunion,  and  that  one  of  the  amusements  of  the  evening  was  to  be  the  distribu distribution  tion distribution  of  little  presents  from  a  Christmas  tree.  During  the  evening  the  deceased  young  lady  left  the  circle  for  the  purpose  of  lighting  the  tapers  on  the  tree,  and  desired  none  of  the  party  to  visit  the  room  until  she  rang  the  bell.  To  insure  that  no  intruders  should  enter,  Miss  Luttrell  turned  the  key  of  the  door,  and  commenced  lighting  up  the  tree.  Unfortunately,  she  commenced  lighting  the  the  lower  tapers  first,  and  then,  reaching  up  to  light  those  on  the  higher  branches,  her  thin  evening  dress  caught  fire  and  she  was  immediately  enveloped  in  flames.  It  appears  that  the  deceased  ran  to  the  bell  and  pulled  it  violently,  and  afterwards  unlocked  the  door  and  proceeded  towards  the  room  where  the  company  were  assembled.  On  meet meeting  ing meeting  her  surrounded  with  flame  and  smoke  their  horror,  it  may  be  conceived,  was  extreme.  Her  brother,  assisted  by  others,  with  great  difficulty  extinguished  the  flame,  but  not  until  after  receiving  a  severe  burn  on  the  hand.  Medical  assistance  was  immediately  sent  for,  Miss  Luttrell's  eyelids,  face,  and  neck,  were  found  to  have  suffered  the  most  from  the  flames  ;  but  it  was  at  first  hoped  that  no  fatal  result  would  follow.  The  exhaustion,  t  however,  and  shock  caused  to  th  e  sy  s  t  e  m,  were  too  great,  and  on  Monday  she  died.  Th  e  dec  ea  sed  was  in  her  25th  year."
