text
"POLICE  COURT-YESTERDAY.  STREET  ROBBERY.—Mary  Ann  Hamilton,  was  charged  with  stealing  some  money  from  a  poor  foreign  sailor-boy  who  gave  his  name  G.  Dark  Scherrp.  The  bay  stated  that  he  was  knocked  down  by  another  boy  who  was  with  the  prisoner,  and  while  he  was  bleeding  she  came  up,  and  took  the  handkerchief  out  of  his  cap,  and  cleaned  his  face.  The  money,  Bs.,  was  in  the  handkerchief  —he  asked  her  for  it,  when  she  threw  4s.  on  the  pavement,  and  immediately  ran  away.  Police-officer,  305,  spoke  to  apprehending  the  prisoner,  directly  after  the  occurrence.  She  was  committed  for  14  days.  •  PICKING  PocKErs.—Th,  anas  illiophy,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  sovereign  and  is.  6d.  from  the  pocket  of  Mrs.  M'  Millen.  Mr.  0  wen  appeared  for  the  prisoner.  The  complainant  stated  she  Ras  standing  at  the  corner  of  Pitt-street,  witnessing  the  performance  of  a  monkey  on  a  table,  when  a  gentleman  touched  her  on  the  Shoulder  and  asked  her  if  she  had  lost  anything.  She  then  discovered  that  her  pocket  had  been  picKed,  and  it  was  turned  outside  of  her  dress.  The  money  and  purse  were  gone.  The  sovereign  was  in  the  purse,  but  the  is.  6d.  was  in  the  pocket.  The  prisoner  was  standing  close  by  her  side.  The  parson  mentioned,  said  ho  heard  a  shilling  drop  on  the  pave pavement  ment pavement  and  saw  the  prisoner  place  his  foot  over  it,  when  he  directed  the  woman's  attention  to  the  fact.  _  •  M STYLE=superscript  The  prisoner  having  been  before  committed  for  a  similar  offence,  for  which  he  was  sentenced  to  three  months'  impri imprisonment,  sonment, imprisonment,  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  approaching  SUSPICIOUS  CIIARACTERS,—Two  youths  who  gave  their  names  as  Philip  Macguire  and  John  Ward,  were  charged  with  attempting  to  pick  pockets.  Detective  officer  Bussell  said,  about  three  o'clock  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  he  was  in  Bold-street,  whe4khe  saw  the  prisoners--one  was  attempting  to  pick  the  pockets  of  a  lady,  and  the  other  came  up.  He  afterwards  saw  them  together,  leaving  some  ladies,  and  subsequently  took  them  into  custody.  The  officer  said  it  was  difficult  to  detect  them  in  the  act,  as  they  had  a  hole  in  the  side  of  the  pocket,  through  which  they  put  their  hands.  The  prisoners'  pockets  were  exhibited  to  the  magistrates,  and  were  each  found  as  represented  by  the  officer,  and  un undoubtedly  doubtedly undoubtedly  is  a  most  ingenious  contrivance.  Another  officer  spoke  to  seeing  the  prisoners  together  in  Bold-  streeet.  The  prisoners  were  proved  to  have  been  in  custody  in  the  month  of  February  last,  on  a  charge  of  picking  pockets  in  St.  Mark's  church,  and  the  magistrates  committed  them  for  three  months.  •  ROBBERY  IN  A  RAILWAY  CARRIAGE.—MichaeI  APNulty,  a  youthful  looking  offender,  was  charged  wick  picking  the  pockets  of  Mrs  Gardner,  in  a  railway  carriage.  Police-officer  216  stated,  on  the  arrival  of  the  train  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  at  the  Lime-street  station,  he  was  informed  that  a  lady  had  had  her  pocket  cut  from  her  dress,  and  that  the  pocket  of  another  lady  in  the  same  carria  e  ,cre  had  been  attempted  to  be  picked.  Having  received  a  description  of  the  person  suspected,  he  went  and  apprehended  the  prisoner  at  a  beerhouse  kept  by  a  man  named  William  Cropper,  which  was  the  regular  resort  for  thieves.  Upon  his  person  he  found  £8  Bs.  20.  and  a  purse.  Mr.  Dodd,  solicitor,  appeared  for  the  prisoner.  Mrs.  Gardner,  the  complainant,  said  she  got  into  the  carriage  at  Wolverhampton,  and  sat  next  the  prisoner,  who  was  in  the  carriage  when  she  entered,  and  by  ho.  right-hand  scar  , STYLE=superscript  at  tho  inc  pocket  was  on  that  side.  The  prisoner  left  her  side  for  a  few  minutes  and  went  into  the  other  compartment  of  the  carriage,  where  there  was  a  young  lady,  but  very  soon  returned.  As  she  was  getting,  out  of  the  carriage  at  the  Lime-street  station,  she  perceived  that  her  dress  had  been  cut,  and  her  purse  was  gone.  She  was  positive  the  prisoner  was  the  person  who  sat  next  her  in  the  carriage.  A  young  lady  who  was  also  in  the  carriage,  identified  the  prisoner,  and  said,  when  he  left  Mrs.  Gardner  he  went  and  sat  quite  opposite  to  her.  She  was  slumbering  at  the  time,  but  she  distinctly  felt  him  pitt  his  hand  on  her  purse,  which  was  in  front  of  her.  He  left  her  and  went  to  his  former  seat.  ➢ir.  Dodd  endeavoured  to  shake  the  witness's  testimony,  and  to  throw  suspicion  on  a  female  who  had  left  the  train  before  its  arrival  in  Liverpool,  but  failed  ;  and  the  prisoner  having  previously  been  convicted,  was  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  --  -  STEALING  A  PAIR  OF  TROUSERS.  -  Richard  Pearson  and  Ann  Murphy,  who  had  previously  been  remanded,  were  committed  for  three  months,  for  stealing  a  pair  of  trousers.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERlES.  —Elizabeth  Elliott,  a  respectably  attired  woman,  was  brought  up  on  suspicion  of  having  stolen  several  gold  rings.  Police-officer,  62,  stated  that  he  received  information  that  the  prisoner  had  been  endeavouring  to  pledge  two  gold  wedding  rings  at  the  shop  of  Mr.  Burton,  London-road,  and  he  followed  her  to  another  pawn-shop,  where  he  found  her  offering  them  in  pledge,  and  he  took  her  into  custody.  The  pawnbroker  confirmed  the  statement.  She  had  four  sold  wedding  rings  in  her  possession.  The  police  having  received  information  of  two  extensive  robberies  in  Bolton,  the  one  on  the  night  of  the  sth  inst.,  when  a  pane  of  glass  was  cut  in  the  window  of  Mr.  Ashall,  jeweller  and  watchmaker,  Man Manchester-street,  chester-street, Manchester-street,  Bolton,  from  whence  24  gal  rings  were  abstracted  ;  and,  on  the  evening  of  the  sth,  33  gold  rings  and  other  property  were  abstracted  in  a  similar  manner  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Tritchlen,  Bradshaw-gate,  Bolton,  it  was  suspected  that  the  rings  in  the  possession  of  the  prisoner  were  a  part  of  the  stolen  property.  Mr.  Asholl  attended  and  identified  one  of  the  rings.  Another  pawnbroker  produced  four  rings  which  had  been  pledged  by  the  prisoner.  The  case  being  of  a  very  serious  nature,  and  not  in  the  jurisdiction  of  the  Liverpool  magistrates,  the  prisoner  was  sent  to  Bolton.  Jane  liforland,  the  keeper  of  a  beer-  ho  use  in  Ashton Ashtonstreet,  street, Ashtonstreet,  was  summoned  before  the  bench  for  having  refused  to  admit  the  police  officers  into  her  premises.  Mr.  Owen  appeared  for  the  defendant.  The  police-officer  stated  that  he  had  received  information  that  that  there  was  an  enclosed  communication,  large  enough  to  admit  a  jug,  in  the  cellar,  and  on  Sunday  morning  last,  about  a  quarter  past  ten  o'clock,  he,  with  the  other  officers,  went  to  the  house  ;  they  inspected  the  parlour,  and  were  going  to  the  cellar,  when  the  defendant  turned  the  key  and  would  not  allow  them  to  enter.  He  - STYLE=superscript  Laui  e.  eke  „11..,  but  oLc  rerusea,  and  said  she  would  not  admit  him  or  anybody  else.  By  Mr.  ()wan  :  The  defendant  permitted  us  to  enter  the  house,  but  refused  to  let  us  go  into  the  cellar.  Mr.  Owen  said  the  ,defendant  had  permitted  them  to  enter  the  house,  and  having  done  that,  there  was  no  case.  The  information  stated  -  Shall  allow  the  police  to  enter  the  His  client  had  done  so.  Mr.  Wybergh  :  But  the  information  also  says,  and  Mr.  Owen  :  Yes,  but  that  is  only  a  law  term,  with  no  meaning,  as  commonly  used  as  possible.  The  premises  means  the  front  door.  The  Magistrate  :  Was  the  room  that  defendant  refused  to  admit  you  to.licensed  by  the  excise?  The  officer  said  he  believed  it  was—it  was  used  to  keep  the  beer  in.  It  was  admitted  that  the  room  was  so  used,  and  Mr.  Cowell  having  pressed  his  objection,  that  the  police  had  not  been  refused  admittance,  as  they  had  been  admitted  into  the  house.  Mr.  Wybergh  referred  to  the  act  of  parliament,  and  the  case  was  adjourned  for  a  week,  to  enable  each  party  to  make  themselves  thoroughly  acquainted  with  the  law  on  the  point  raised  by  Mr.  Owen.  John  Ellis,  a  beer-house  keeper  in  Upper  Mann-street,  was  summoned  for  refusing  to  admit  the  police-officers  to  his  house.  The  police-officer  said  he  went  to  the  defendant's  house  and  knocked  for  admission,  having  seen  some  parties  going  in  and  out  the  house,  but  the  door  was  not  opened  to  admit  him.  The  Defendant  :  I  was  gettin  g  c  , STYLE=superscript  my  breakfast,  and  I  came  to  the  door  as  soon  as  I  could.  I  was  not  half  a  minute  before  I  opened  the  door,  and  called  you  back.  The  Magistrates  :  Did  he  call  you  back?  Witness  :  He  did  ;  but  I  would  not  go.  The  Magistrate  :  What  time  was  it  ?  Witness  :  Twenty  minutes  past  nine  in  the  morning.  The  Magistrate  :  How  long  did  you  stop  at  the  door  ?  Witness  :  Four  or  five  minutes.  The  defendant  called  a  witness,  who  stated  he  went  into  the  house,  but  did  not  see  any  person  there  except  the  land landlord.  lord. landlord.  He  was  at  the  house  on  the  previous  evening  when  he  left  a  Uncle  Tom's  Cabin  he  went  there  for  it.  The  Magistrate  :  That  has  nothing  to  do  with  his  refusing  to  admit  the  officers.  The  clerk  having  read  over  a  long  list  of  similar  offences,  from  which  it  appeared  he  had  five  - STYLE=superscript  times  been  fined  in  the  penalty  of  514  The  Magistrates  said  he  should  not  be  doing  his  duty,,  if  he  did  not  suspend  the  licence,  w  hi  c  h  w  o  uld  disqualify disqualifyhim  him disqualifyhim  for  two  years.  The  licence  was  consequently  suspended.  Alm  Green,  beer-house  keeper,  Albert-street,.  Evertor);  was  summoned  for  having  allowed  drinking  in  his  house  after  the  regular  hour  of  closing  .  The  police-officer  stated  he  went  to  the  house  at  half-past  one  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning  (midnight)  when  he  found  ten  persons  there,  and  three  beer  glasses  on  the  table.  The  Magistrate  :  What  have  you  to  say  ?  -  The  defendant  said  he  admitted  that  the  persons  were  there;  but  the  fact  was,  he  was  a  musician,  and  Mrs.  Ed Edwards,  wards, Edwards,  the  widow  of  another  musician,  had  asked  him  to  raffle  off  a  musical  instrument,  and  he  had  consented  ;  and  the  parties  had,  after  their  professional  engagements,  which  did  not  conclude  until  between  ten  and  eleven  o'clock,.  asseinbled  there  for  the  purpose  of  raffling  it  off.'  He  had  spoken  to  the  police-officer  on,duty,  and  had  waited  some  time  to  see  the  inspector,  and  the  police-officer  had  told  him  that  they  had  no  power  to  give  permission,  and  told  him  to  go,  and  if  they  kept  quiet  nothing  would  be  said  about  it.  Tho  magistrate  said  the  law  did  not  allow  such  h6uses  to  be  open  after  eleven  o'clock,  but  dismissed  the  case,  Caution Cautioning  ing Cautioning  the  defendant  not  to  offend  again.  Ann  Harker,  the  keeper  of  a  public-house  in  Scotland Scotlandroad,  road, Scotlandroad,  also  appeared  to  answer  a'complaint  mada  against  her herhouse.  house. herhouse.  Mr.  Clifton  appeared  for  the  defendant.  •  The  police-officer  stated  on  Sunday  last,  about  half-past  twelve  o'clock,  he  saw  a  person  knocking  at  the  side  door  of  the  defendant's  house.  Th  ere  were  'two  men,  one  was  walking  backwards  and  forwards,  on  the  watch.  There  vas  a  policeman  on  duty  passed  at  the  end  of  the  street.,  he  watched  him  until  he  was  out  of  sight  and  then  returned  ,to  the  door  and  both  went  into  the  house.  In  abauf  three threeminutes  minutes threeminutes  after,  he  .  (the  policeman)  went  and  knocked  at  'the  door,  and  as  soon  as  he  knocked  he  heard  , STYLE=superscript  a  scuffling  noise  in  the  house,  and  was  let  in,  when  he  saw  two  men  running  upstairs—two  men  in  the  kitchen  and  three  glasses  on  the  table.  The  two  men  he  had  seen  go  in  were  in  the  kitchen.  Mr.  Clifton  .  Pray  what  account  did  the  female  give  you?  Police-officer  :  I  asked  her  what  account  she  had  to  give,  and  she  said  they  were  some  friends  of  hers.  •  She  gave  no  account  of  the  glasses.-  Mr.  Clifton  for  the  dependant  said  she  had  kept  the  house  for  forty-eight  years,  and  had  never  had  a  complaint  made  against  it  until  within  the  last  six  months,  and  called  Mrs.  Buckley,  vho  stated  that  the  person  who'  Caine  'to  t STYLE=superscript  the  house  was  a  friend  who  came  from  Chester,  about  a  watch,  he  having  lost  his,  and  wanted  another.  She  positively  swore  that  there  was  not  a  drop  of  drink  in  the  glasses  on  the  table,  nor  had  there  been  a  drop  of  liqUor  or  ale  sold  thaL  woruiug.  _  _  _  Mr.  Howard,  the  person  who  went  into  the  house  )  con confirmed  firmed confirmed  the  last  witness's  statement,  relative  to  going  about  the  purchase  of  a  watch,  and  denied  that  there  were  any  persons  up  stairs,  and  that  the  person  who  accompanied  him  watched  the  policeman  as  he  was  merely  walking  up  and  down  to  keep  himself  warm.  The  magistrates  dismissed  the  case.  John  Tr.bucca,  publican,  Crosshall-street,  was  summoned  for  selling  liquor  on  Sunday  last.  Mr.  Yates  appeared  for  the  defendant.  The  police-officer  stated  at  half  past  nine  o'clock  on  Sun Sunday  day Sunday  morning  last,  he  saw  persons  going  into  the  defend defendant's  ant's defendant's  house.  He  first  saw  a  man  and  woman  go  in  and  'come  out  again.  He  next  saw  two  females  go  up  the  back  entry  and  &amp;lowed  them,  and  when  he  got  to  the_  back  door  he  saw  them  coming  out,  one  of  them  said  to  him,  is  your  turn  The  door  was  shut  in  his  face.  The  .in .inspector  spector .inspector  went  in  at  the  time,  and  they  found  a  glass  contain containing  ing containing  ale,  and  two  measures  one  having  had  whiskey  in  it  and  the  other  rum.  By  Mr.  Yates:  He  was  in  the  street  when  he  first  saw  the  persons  go  into  the  house.  He  believed  there  was  a  house  in  the  back  yard.  Mr.  Yates  :  Now,  on  your  oath,  will  you  swear  that  you  saw  the  females  coming  out  of  the  .back  door  ?  Police  -officer  :  Yes,  I  will  swear  I  saw  two  women  come  out  of  the  house.  Mr.  Yates  :  When  you  went  into  the  house  what  did  you  find?  Police-officer  :  In  the  cellar  two  measures  containing  ale,  and  two  pewter  measures  containing  rum  and  whiskey  in  the  bar.  The  inspector  said  he  was  in  Dale-street,  and  that  he  saw  a  man  belonging  to  the  house  who  was  sent  out  as  a  spy.  Ile  went  to  the  front  door  while  the  other  officer  was  at  the  back.  Mr.  Yates  addressed  the  bench  for  the  damdant  and  called  James  Nugent,  who  stated  b  had  been  a  lodger  in  the  house  for  seven  years.  ire  was  in  the  house  on  Sunday  morning.  He  was  not  out  of  the  house  at  the  time  it  was  said  he  was  sent  out  as  a  spy---nor  was  he  ever  sent  out  as  a  spy.  There  were  not  two  women,  or  a  single  person  went  into  the  house  that  morning.  He  thought  he  must  have  seen  them  if  . STYLE=superscript  they  had  gone  in.  •  Mr.  Yates:  'Will  yam  „ STYLE=superscript  A.tu  u  women  ualne  into  the  house  that  morning  by  tho  back  door  ?  Witness  :  I  will  swear  there  were  not..  Mr.  Yates  :  Was  any  ale  or  spirits  sold  that  morning  ?  Witness  :  I  will  swear  there  was  not  a  drop  sold.  Magistrate  :  Could  it  be  sold  without  your  knowledge  ?  ;  I  must  hare  seen  it  sold  if  Magistrate  :  Where  were  you  ?  Witness  :  I  was  up-stairs,  and  could  see  the  back  door.  Mrs.  Kimsloke  said  she  was  a  servant  in  the  house,  and  when  the  officers  came  to  the  house  she  was  cleaning  the  windows,  and  could  see  if  any  persons  went  in  at  the  front  door,  and  she  could  also  sec  the  back  door.  Mr.  Yates  :  Did  you  see  any  person  go  into  tho  house  for  half  an  hour  before  the  officers  came  ?  Witness:  No  ;  I  did  not.  Mr.  Yates  :  Will  you  swear  there  was  no  person  went  into  the  house  ?  Witness  :  I  will  swear  there  was  not  a  person  came  into  he  house.  Magistrates  :  Could  any  person  have  gone  into  the  house  by  the  back  door  without  your  seeing  them  ?  Witness  :  I  must  have  seen  any  person  go  in  either  at  the  back  door  or  the  front  door.  (One  of  the  officers  of  the  court  explained  the  plan  of  the  house,  by  which  it  appeared  that,  situated  as  the  witness  was,  she  could  see  if  any  person  went  into  the  house,  either  by  the  back  or  front  door.)  Mr.  Yates  :  Was  anything  sold  on  Sunday  morning  ?  Witness  :  There  was  not.  There  was  not  a  person  came  into  the  house  that  morning.  The  policeman  might  see  me  go  out  and  in,  as  I  went  for  some  bread.  The  measures  were  just  as  they  were  left  on  the  previous  night;  they  had  not  been  washed  up.  The  magistrates  dismissed  the  case,  one  of  them  (Mr.  Crossthwaite)  observing  that  he  believed  that  liquor  had  been  drank  in  the  house,  but  as  there  was  a  doubt,  they  would  give  the  defendant  the  benefit  of  that  doubt.  Owen  Evans,  publican,  Union-street,  was  summoned  for  having  persons  in  his  house  on  Sunday  last.  Mr.  Cambell  appeared  for  the  defendant.  The  police-officer  stated,  on  the  morning  of  Sunday  last,  at  ten  o'clock,  he  went  to  the  house,  when  he  found  eight  persons  in  a  back  kitchen.  They  were  sailors.  He  also  found  a  bottle  and  glass.  There  were  other  persons  in  the  house.  Mr.  Cambell  :  Did  you  ask  the  female,  who  is  the  land landlord's  lord's landlord's  mother,  who  they  were  ?  Witness  :  I  did.  Mr.  Cambell  :  What  did  she  say  ?  - STYLE=superscript  Witness  :  She  said  they  were  lodgers.  She  said  some  had  lodged  there  for  weeks,  others  for  months.  She  pointed  out  two  of  the  company,  who  he  knew  lodged  elsewhere.  He  had  asked  for  the  key  of  the  bar,  but  the'  woman  said  she  could  not  find  it,  and  she  afterwards  took  it  out  of  her  pocket.  Mr.  Cambell  addressed  the  bench  for  the  defendant,  and  called  The  lodger  who  stated  that  on  Sunday  mornino•  1t  wn,,F,„l  ,umuLumeto  VrinK,  and  as  Were  was  not  any  water  fit  for  drink,  ant  the  female  gave  him  a  small  bottle  of  porter,  which  he  drank,  and  then  went  to  church.  Edward  Jones,  stated  that  he  admitted  two  or  three  persons  into  the  house  on  that  morning.  They  were  friends  of  the  sailors.  Mr.  Cambell—Was  anything  drank  in  the  house  that  morning  ?  Witness—No,  not  a  drop.  The  bar-maid  was  not  up.  Not  a  drop  of  ala  or  drink  was  sold  that  morning.  I  have  the  management  of  the  lodgers.  '  The  landlord's  mother,  who  had  the  key  of  the  bar,  fully  corroborated  the  statement  made  by  the  other  witnesses.  Tne  magistrates  dismissed  the  case.  _Anthony  Scalier,  publican,  Waterloo-road;  who  did  not  appear,  was  finod  40s.  and  costs,  for  selling  some  gin  to  a  female  on  Sunday  morning.  Mr.  Yates,  who  stated  he  appeared  for  the  owners  of  the  property,  said  thelman  had  been  turned  out  of  the  house  - STYLE=superscript  ;  and  ,s  he  had  been  fined  only  the  previous  week,  when  Mr.  Mansfield  had  ordered  a  report  to  be  made  to  the  licensing  magistrates,  he  hoped  that  the  fact  of  the  man  having  been  turned  out  of  the  house,  would  also  be  reported.  Michael  M'Comaskey,  beer-house  keeper,  Dundee-street,  was  fined  40s.  and  costs  for  refusing  to  admit  the  police  at  a  quarter  before  one  o'clock,  Mr.  Mansfield  observing  that  as  long  as  any  person  was  up  in  the  house  they  must  open  the  door  to  the  officers.  Joseph  Smith  was  summoned  for  having  an  internal  com communication  munication communication  with  another  house.  The  defendant  promised  to  have  the  communication  closed  up,  and  the  case  was  dismissed.  Eliza  Seane,  the  keeper  of  a  public-house  in  Waterloo Waterlooroad,  road, Waterlooroad,  was  fined  ss.  and  costs,  for  selling  two  half-gills  of  whiskey  to  a  female.  The  defendant  admitted  the  fact.  Jaines  Bond,  Scotland-road  a  beer-house  keeper,  was  summoned  for  selling  some  milk  on  Sunday  morning.  Police-officer  165,  failed  to  prove  the  case,  and  the  defen defendant,  dant, defendant,  who  appeared  by  his  wife,  was  acquitted.  The  following  persons  were  also  fined  for  various  offences  against  their  licenses  :—Thomas  Pemberton,  Hill-stree'c,  10s.  Edward  Dickson,  Upper  ,Mann-street,  10s.  Mary  Galla Gallaher,  her, Gallaher,  Preston-street,  10s.  John  Bell,  School-lane,  52.  Charles  Farrington,  South  Castle-street,  Is.  and  the  costs  in  each  ease.  ,  Two  brutes,  in  a  drunken'  state,  fought  near  Hull,  on  Wednesday  afternoon,  and  one,  named  Darbee,  killed  the  other,  named  Field.  On  the  3d  instant  a  new  opera  of  Balfe's  was  performed  at  Vienna.  It  is  called  Reolanthe."
