text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  In  our  results  of  the  Bank  in  our  impression  of  Saturday,  the  increase  in  bullion  deposits  of  the  Bank  of  England,  by  a  typographical  error  is  stated  to  be  685,8651.,  instead  of  176,5681.,  which  is  the  actual  amount.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  seen  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  ,V,arttrit  MONDAY,  NOVEMBER  20,  1853.  THAT  portion  of  the  Bank  of  England  returns  which  show  the  stock  of  bullion,  in  both  depart departments,  ments, departments,  for  the  week  ending  Saturday  the  12th  inst.,  is  not  so  satisfactory  as  the  results  shown  by  the  returns  for  the  week  immediately  preceding  it.  The  contraction  of  the  circulation  being  472,7591.,  while  the  increase  in  the  Bank's  accumulation  of  bullion  is  not  one-half.  The  exports  of  specie  have  also  increased,  while  the  imports  have  decreased.  The  amount  received  for  the  week,  to  which  the  returns  relate,  from  our  colonies  and  foreign  countries,  is  208,4221.,  showing  a  decrease  of  im imports,  ports, imports,  as  compared  with  the  preceding  week,  of  336,8381.;  while  the  exports  amount  to  433,5001.,  being  an  increase  within  the  same  period,  of  about  313,5001.  Of  the  total  amount  of  specie  exported,  the  sum  of  411,2001.  consisted  of  silver,  which,  when  deducted  from  the  aggregate  amount  of  ex exports,  ports, exports,  reduces  the  efflux  of  gold  to  22,3001.;  and  as  the  bank  returns  for  the  week  ending  the  sth  of  November,  show  the  silver  deposits  of  the  Bank  to  be  it  follows  naturally,  that  the  silver  exported  must  have  been  taken  from  some  other  source.  It  will  therefore  appear,  that  while  the  imports  of  gold  amount  to  208,4221.,  the  increase  in  the  bullion  held  by  the  Bank,  was  only  176,5681.,  which  sum,  when  deducted  from  the  imports,  leaves  31,8541.,  as  the  amount  left  in  the  hands  of  the  public,  or  deposited  in  other  Banks.  From  the  latter  amount  we  have  to  deduct  22,300/.,  as  the  amount  of  gold  exported,  which  brings  the  sum  actually  left  in  the  hands  of  the  public,  to  9,8561.  This  is  but  a  small  sum  in  itself,  but  when  added  to  the  excess  of  imports  over  the  increase  in  the  bullion  of  the  Bank  for  the  previous  week,  it  makes  the  aggregate  amount  left  in  the  hands  of  the  public  for  the  two  weeks  1,088,8331.  In  order,  however,  to  show  more  clearly  the  monetary  position  of  the  country,  by  coupling  the  movements  of  bullion  with  the  Bank's  returns,  we  subjoin  a  statement  of  the  imports  and  exports  of  gold  for  the  weeks  ending  Oct.  29,  Nov.  5,  and  Nov.  12.  1  Imports  of  gold  for  weeks  ending  }  Oct.  29,  Nov  5,  and  Nov.  12....  2,115,568  Exports  of  gold  for  weeks  ending  }  Oct.  29,  Nov.  5,  and  Nov.  12....  342,300  1,773,268  Deduct  increase  in  the  Deposits  ------  - STYLE=superscript  -,:-.pf  the  Bank  for  weeks  ending  .  '''''  l STYLE=superscript  /  4  -  P•L'i  r STYLE=superscript  A.44,4l9  )  ,Nov.  5,  and  Nov.  12 STYLE=superscript  ....  .  4  I  i  ll STYLE=superscript  ''.•-•''  4 STYLE=superscript  r)\,  ;%.  .....,  N  \  „.:,/  ~n  i  t:  ....  4  4,..  ...  ...  ..,  ~,,  ,g  ;  .  ....  —,,  Total  X  887,821  ~,-,  11,,`W.C,  '^`  'II'  g  .'-... STYLE=superscript  \.  1:  41 STYLE=superscript  (  14, STYLE=superscript  ,  ,  '  S  geateblent  shows  the  excess  of  imports  over  `‘..  ;r STYLE=superscript  11l  1...A11e  - STYLE=superscript  increase:  in  the  Bank's  receipts  of  gold  for  the  `  1 STYLE=superscript  '  - STYLE=superscript  -I`three  weeliTnamed,  is  887,8211.,  and  when  we  de dek  k dek  4  .  ,  cs.  putt  the  amount  of  silver  exported  in  the  week  885,447  ending  the  sth  inst.,  from  this  sum  we  find  the  aggregate  amount  left  in  - STYLE=superscript  the  hands  of  the  public  is  446,621/.  Now  our  object  in  going  thus  minutely  into  this  subject  is  to  show  that  the  Bank  of  Eng England  land England  returns  are,  of  themselves,  no  guide  to  the  real  monetary  condition  of  the  country,  and  that  instead  of  there  being  a  decrease  of  bullion  going  on,  that  there  is  actually  a  large  increase  in  'our  bullion  power  taking  place.  And  having  proved  the  fact,  we  naturally  ask  where  is  the  justice  or  expediency  of  contracting  the  circulation,  and  ex exposing  posing exposing  all  the  great  interests  of  the  Empire  to  heavy  losses  and  deep  consternation  ?  If  the  Joint  Stock  Banks  have  become  the  reci recipients  pients recipients  of  the  large  amounts  of  bullion  which  have  not  reached  the  coffers  of  the  Bank  of  England,  how  can  they  justify  their  demanding  the  high  rate  of  discount  they  at  present  ask  ?  The  change  which  has  - STYLE=superscript  really  taken  place  in  the  banking  and  monetary  condition  of  the  country  may  be  seen  by  the  following  statement  :--  Increase  in  Bullion  held  by  the  Bank  of  England  for  three  £58,639  weeks  ending  Nov.  12  Excess  of  imports  of  gold  over  amount  received  by  the  Bank  446,621  of  England  for  three  weeks  end ending  ing ending  Nov.  12.  T0ta1......  £1,021,260  Here,  then,  we  have  a  twofold  increase  of  no  less  than  1,021,2601.,  dividing  itself  nearly  into  two  equal  parts  One  going  to  sustain  the  paper  issues  of  the  Bank,  and  the  other  passing  at  once  into  circu circulation  lation circulation  to  sustain  trade  and  industry.  In  the  face  of  such  a  prosperous  state  of  things  as  this,  it  is  the  height  of  absurdity,  if  it  is  nothing  worse,  to  talk  of  a  drain  of  gold,  and  to  raise  the  rate  of  interest  on  a  plea  of  such  a  very  questionable  cha character.  racter. character.  Thus  far,  however,  we  have  been  treating  of  our  monetary  position  only,  as  far  as  the  three  last  returns  of  the  Bank  of  England  extend,  i.  e.,  to  the  12th  inst.  From  that  date,  however,  up  to  the  present  time,  we  have  been  receiving  considerable  balances  in  trade,  in  addition  to  a  large  supply  of  bullion  from  the  gold  producing  countries,  The  imports  of  gold  from  the  12th  inst.,  up  to  this  day,  are  as  follow  :  BRAZIL.  N0v.15,  per  ship  Severn  £lo,ooo  AFRICA  „  15,  „  Faith  .  PORTUGAL.  G,OOO  17  17,  1/  Iberia  -  ...  10,000  WEST  INDIES.  !,  18 STYLE=superscript  1  „  Solent  211,306  UNITED  STATES.  „  13,  „  Asia  „  20,  Niagara  „  20,  „  City  of  Manchester  26,600  Total  Imports.  471,906  Deduct  Exports  150,900  £321,906  Here,  then,  we  have  another  surplus  of  imports  over  the  exports  of  gold,  which  makes  the  total  increase  in  our  stock  of  bullion  for  the  period  of  the  three  weekly  returns,  and  up  to  to-day,  no  less  than  1,343,1661.  When,  in  additionjto  these  large  importations,  which  will  be  followed  by  still  larger  arrivals  in  quick  succession,  we  consider  the  large  stock  of  bullion  actually  held  by  the  banks,  and  the  vast  expansion  which  has  taken  place  in  the  active  metallic  circulation  of  the  country,  we  cannot  help  repeating  our  astonishment,  and  the  utter  shallowness  of  the  reasons  assigned  as  an  excuse  for  demanding  the  present  high  rates  of  diseoinit.  The  Banks  of  New  York  have  beeu  trying  their  maiden-hand  at  the  Threadneedle-street  policy,  in  contracting  the  circulation  and  exacting  enor enormously  mously enormously  high  rates  of  interest  for  money,  in  the  face  of  a  continuous  influx  of  bullion.  And  mark  the  results,  as  we  find  them  detailed  in  the  advices  received  by  the  Niagara.  We  extract  the  follow following  ing following  from  the  New  York  Economist  ;—One  or  two  failures  have  occurred,  viz  :  Leggett  and  Co.,  paper  dealers,  under  advances  to  manufacturers.  H.  Dwight,  banker  and  broker,  under  advances  to  western  railroads.  Mathews,  Finigan,  and  Fox,  under  advances  for  sugars,  connected  with  Diamond  and  Co.,  refiners,  Bristol,  Rhode  Island.  All  these  failures,  with  the  exception  of  Diamond  and  Co.,  are  directly  chargeable  to  the  misconduct  of  the  banks,  in  ruthlessly  and  causelessly  making  money  scarce;  or,  in  other  words,  by  sounding  alarm,  en engendering  gendering engendering  indisposition  to  lend.  Mr.  Dwight,  from  his  own  resources,  had  nearly  built  the  Chicago  and  Mississippi  Railroad,  to  the  extent  of  1,500,000  dollars,  when  the  stringency  caused  by  the  banks  occurred.  The  misconduct  of  the  banks  has,  in  a  time  of  real  prosperity  cost  the  merchants  vast  sums  for  discount,  and  been  the  ruin  of  others.  Many  merchants  have  been  compelled  to  resort  to  neighbouring  cities  for  discount,  raising  the  rates  for  money  there;  and  as  the  pressure  spreads,  some  up-river  banks,  after  having  dis discounted  counted discounted  city  paper,  sent  it  back  into  Wall-street,  and  sold  it  at  a  heavy  shave.  At  the  same  time,  the  city  banks  have  rediscounted  paper  for  some  Western  banks.  THE  great  and  primary  demand  of  the  age  is  Education.  From  every  hamlet,  village,  town,  and  city,  the  cry  Education  !  Education  !  Education  Those  who  formerly  were  wont  to  laugh  at  the  idea  of  instructing  the  masses,  now  acknowledge  their  folly.  Even  our  Rulers  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  who  heretofore  have  been  indifferent  on  the  subject,  now  possess  faith  in  its  efficiency,  and  think  it  not  beneath  their  dignity  to  descend  from  their  social  positions  to  discourse  before  rough  artizans  on  the:wonders  of  Science  and  the  beau beauties  ties beauties  of  the  Poets.  Surely,  such  sights  are  most  extraordinary  in  Aristocratic  England  !  Neverthe  less  they  augur  well,  and  bid  fair  for  a  happy  and  glorious  issue.  Within  the  past  week  two  important  meetings  have  been  held  in  the  North.  At  Birmingham,  Sir  ROBERT  PEEL  has  been  addressing  some  six  thou thousand  sand thousand  persons  on  the  necessity  that  exists  for  our  people  being  well  instructed  in  the  principles  of  Science  and  Art;  whilst  at  Manchester,  at  the  inau inauguration  guration inauguration  of  the  new  Salford  Mechanics'  Institu 'Institution,'  public  men,  of  eminent  learning  and  ability,  possessing  various  shades  of  religious  faith  and  political  opinion,  have  lent  their  presence  and  con conferred  ferred conferred  their  advocacy.  Of  course  we  are  aware  that  those  institutions  are  far  from  being  perfect.  Still  this  fact  is  no  argument  against  their  adoption.  Perfection  must  necessarily  be  the  work  of  time.  Rome  was  not  built  in  a  And  the  evils  and  deficiencies  now  observable  can  only  be  remedied  gradually,  just  as  opportunity  permits  or  necessity  requires.  All  young  institutions  are  more  or  less  imperfect,  like  most  other  things.  Nations,  no  more  than  men,  arrive  at  maturity  all  at  once.  And  even  the  defects  ob observable  servable observable  in  our  public  institutions  must  be  regarded  rather  as  favourable  omens,  and  as  necessary  to  their  future  progress  and  efficiency,  just  as  a  child,  on  first  learning  to  walk,  meets  with  defeats  and  accidents,  which  tend  all  the  while  to  strengthen  its  muscles  and  aid  the  development  of  the  human  being.  The  great  defect  of  Mechanics'  Institutions  is,  we  apprehend,  the  want  of  a  regular  systematic  course  of  instruction.  Flash  are  .  excite  the  pro productiveof  ductiveof productiveof  very  little  benefit.  They  only  the  mind  without  informing  it.  A  knowledge  of  first  principles  should  first  of  all  be  instilled  into  the  minds  of  the  people,  otherivise  lectures  will  prove  ineffective.  It  must  be  remembered  that  the  material  to  be  wrought  upon  is  rough  anduncul anduncul-tivated,  -tivated, anduncul-tivated, STYLE=superscript  and  that  it  can  only  be  improved  by  being  subjected  to  a  regular  course  of  progressive  training.  Had  our  public  schools  been  of  a  higher  charac character,  ter, character,  and  the  system  of  education  adopted  more  efficient,  mechanics  would  be  the  better  enabled  to  profit  by  the  institutions  now  being  established  for  their  benefit.  Herein,  America  has  decidedly  the  advantage.  There  a  very  extensive  plan  of  edu education  cation education  is  in  full  operation,  of  which  almost  every  child  takes  advantage.  A  taste  for  reading  is  engendered,  and  the  means  of  gratifying  so  lauda•  ble  a  desire  is  abundantly  and  cheaply  furnished.  Every  one  who  is  able  to  read  purchases  a  news newspaper;  paper; newspaper;  and  by  this  means  general  information  is  obtained  upon  almost  every  subject  ;  whilst  an  enlarged  capacity  is  imperceptibly  induced  for  a  more  extended  knowledge.  American  statesmen  are  too  well  convinced  of  the  value  of  education  to  place  the  slightest  barrier  in  its  way.  Hence,  they  would  not  be  guilty  of  so  fatal  a  policy  as  to  affix  impoSts  upon  newspapers,  or  aught  else  that  would  facilitate  the  mental  development  of  the  people.  The  consequence  is,  that  America  is  fast  becoming  . STYLE=superscript  a  great  and  mighty  nation—and  the  character  of  her  citizens  for  intelligence,  industry,  and  morality,  is  universally  known  and  justly  earned.  The  PRINCIPAL  of  Owen's  College,  Manchester,  in  his  recent  speech  at  the  Salford  Mechanics'  rn rnstitution,  stitution, rnstitution,  alluding  to  these  facts  observed  I  re rejoice  joice rejoice  to  think  that  •  the  example  of  America  is  to  give  an  additional  impulse  to  the  demand  for  edu education  cation education  in  this  country;  and  if  the  kind  of  alarm  which  resulted  from  the  people  of  England  being  told  authoritatively  that  there  was  great  risk  of  the  Americans  getting  ahead  of  us,  in  the  competition  of  their  manufactures  and  trade,  by  getting  ahead  of  us  in  education,  had  the  effect  of  stimulating  the  English  to  improve  popular  education  here,  I  should  rejoice  to  see  it  done  ;  but  it  seems  to  me,  that  what  was  called  education  might  be  marked  out  as  comprising  three  different  objects,  provid providing  ing providing  the  means  of  information  ;  or,  giving  informa information,  tion, information,  or  instructing  in  principles.  Now,  what  America  really  is  remarkable  for  was,  providing  the  means  of  information.  The  general  diffusion  of  the  knowledge  of  the  letters  of  the  alphabet  is  the  most  striking  educational  fact  concerning  America;  and,  along  with  that,  the  easy  access  to  newspapers  kept  the  minds  of  men  continually  fed,  and  continually  awake  ;  and  theirs  is  a  con condition  dition condition  of  society  in  which  curiosity,  and  the  sense  of  their  own  interest  in  the  mAtters  in  question,  from  the  great  variety  of  action,  and  the  openings  to  individual  enterprise  in  society,  which  stimu stimulated  lated stimulated  men  to  acquiro  the  information  accessible  to  them  through  cheap  books  and  the  public  press.  My  present  conviction  is,  that  there  lies  the  one  great  superiority  of  America.  I  believe  that,  by  their  primary  schools,  they  very  widely  diffused  the  means  of  information,  the  art  of  reading,  placed  within  every  one's  reach  ;  which,  followed  up  by  the  great  popular  informer,  the  daily  or  weekly  press,  gives  a  certain  unquestionable  superiority  to  It  has  been  said,  and  truly,  that  the  working  classes  of  this  country  do  not  know  how  to  amuse  themselves,  and  possess  no  desire  to  rise  above  their  ordinary  positions.  In  America,  and  other  countries,  this  is  not  the  case  However,  it  is  well  to  1:10  dc.ficione;  no,  +l,,f  we  may  be  enabled  to  remedy  them.  Many  causes  have  contributed  to  such  a  lamentable  state  of  things,  the  chief  of  which,  doubtless,  is  the  very  indifferent  system  of  education  provided  for  the  people.  Whilst  we  have  been  grumbling  about  the  plan  of  education  to  be  adopted  fighting  for  straws,  and  ban bantering  tering bantering  about  trifles—our  friends  at  the  other  side  of  the  Atlantic  have  been  vigorously  at  work  irh irhproving  proving irhproving  themselves  in  the  knowledge  of  Science  and  the  arts  of  life.  The  result  is,  that  America  has  become  a  rival  nation,  and  that  prosperity  and  renown  are  the  guerdons  she  has  won.  We  would  recommend  the  formation  of  classes  in  every  Mechanics'  Institute  for  instruction  in  reading,  writing,  arithmetic,  grammar,  geography,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  It  would  likewise  be  of  great  utility  , STYLE=superscript  pro provided  vided provided  competent  lecturers  were  engaged,  to  give  systematic  courses  of  instruction  on  such  branches  of  Literature,  Science,  and  Art,  as  may  suit  the  capacities  of  ordinary  minds.  The  plan  now  gene generally  rally generally  pursued  is  very  erroneous,  and  can  be  pro productive  ductive productive  but  of  slight  advantages—and  these  must  necessarily  be  confined  to  the  most  literate  and  best  informed.  There  can  be  little  doubt  but  that  our  Rulers,  by-and-by,  will  perceive  the  absolute  necessity  that  exists  for  a  more  extended  and  better  system  of  National  Education  for  the  people;  and  that,  moreover,  they  will  remove  those  unjust  and  iniquitous  imposts  which  prevent  the  masses  from  being  able  to  procure  cheap  newspapers  and  cheap  literature.  Look  at  Liverpool  with  a  population  of  some  half-a-million  inhabitants.  Why  not  one  single  male,  at  least,  should  be  with without  out without  his  daily  newspaper,  otherwise  he  must  remain  ignorant  of  the  world,  and  of  the  mighty  move movements  ments movements  which  are  continually  going  on  therein.  The  proprietors  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  have  tried  to  fill  up  a  positive  want—to  meet  an  acknowledged  requirement—but  the  desideratum,  great  as  it  unquestionably  is,  does  not  extend  as  far  as  is  desirable.  Although  we  have  considerably  cheapened  the  price  of  newspaper  intelligence— intelligenceadopted  adopted intelligenceadopted  a  high  moral  and  intellectual  standard— standardand  and standardand  aimed  at  cultivating  as  well  as  instructing  the  minds  of  our  readers—still  the  number  of  our  supporters  must  needs  be  few  compared  with  the  great  bulk  of  the  population,  owing  entirely  to  the  incapability  of  the  masses  to  pay  even  the  small  sum  of  Three-pence.  Were  but  the  paper  duty  once  abolished,  and  the  odious  penny  stamp  re removed,  moved, removed,  the  expense  would  be  fully  lessened  by  one onehalf;  half; onehalf;  and  every  citizen,  be  he  artizan  or  labourer,  would  thereby  be  enabled  to  procure  our  paper.  Herein  America  has  the  advantage  over  this  country.  But  we  trust  soon  to  be  on  an  equality,  in  this  respect,  with  that  growing  Republic.  Our  Rulers  should,  long  since,  have  removed  such  an  impediment  in  the  way  of  the  peoples'  advancement.  It  was  a  fatal  and  impolitic  mistake  to  tax  either  the  light  of  Heaven,  or  that  of  intelligence  ;  and  when  they  removed  the  impost  from  the  one,  they  most  assuredly  should  have  pursued  a  similar  course  with  respect  to  the  other.  But  it  is  not  too  late  - STYLE=superscript  yet.  And  we  hope  that,  at  the  next  Session  of  Parliament,  our  CHANCELLOR  of  the  EXCHEQUER  will  not  lose  sight  of  the  matter.  This,  at  all  events,  will  be  one  step  in  the  right  direction.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  CITY  OF  MANCIIESTER.—The  screw  steamer  City  of  Manchester  reached  the  .  Mersey  yesterday  forenoon,  after  a  run  of  15  days  from  Philadelphia.  The  City  of  tanehester  left  Philadelphia  on  the  sth,  and  has  brought  on  freight  $103,000  in  specie;  also  about  forty  passengers.  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION  IN  SALFORD.—On  Saturday,  at  noon,  Mr.  Nathaniel  Shelmaine  merchant,  Greengate,  Sal Salford,  ford, Salford,  w  as  d  ec  l  are  d  by  the  presiding  officer  to  have  been  duly  elected  .councillor  for  Trinity  ward,  in  room  of  Mr.  Mars Marsden,  den, Marsden,  elected  alderman.  THE  COURT-.  WINDSOR  CASTLE,  SATURDAY,  ,  Nov.  19.—Her  Majesty,  accompanied  by  her  Imperial  Highness  the  DuChess  of  Brabant,  took  a  drive  this  morning  in  the  environs  of  Windsor,  in  a  pony  phaeton.  His  Royal  Highness  -Prince  Albert,  accompanied  by  his  Royal  Highness  the  Duke  of  Brabant,  went  out  shooting  in  the  covers  of  Windsor  Forest.  The  Duke  of  Cambridge  arrived  this  afternoon  on  a  visit  to  the  Queen.  The  dinner  party  this  evening  included  the  Duke  and  Duchess  of  Brabant,  the  Duke  of  Cambridge,  the  Count  and  Countess  Gustave  de  Lannoy,  the  Lord,  Lady,  and  Maids  of  Honour  in  Waiting,  and  the  Equerries  in  waiting  to  the  Queen  and  the  Prince.  It  has  been  stated  that  the  Court  will  leave  the  castle  for  her  Majesty's  marine  residence  in  the  Isle  of  Wight  on  Tuesday  next.  This  is  incorrect  ;  the  departure  will  not  take  place  till  several  days  later,  though  the  precise  day  is  not  yet  fixed.—  Observer.  On  Saturday,  the  Peterhof,  Dwyer,  from  St.  John's,  New  Brunswick,  '  arrived  at  this  port  with  . STYLE=superscript  loss  of  main  -mast,  mizen,  and  top-mast,  and  otherwise.  damaged.  The  acci accident  dent accident  occurred  in  lat.  45.  55.  lon.,  44.  west,  through  a  sudden  squall.  ROYAL  AUSTRALIAN  STEAM  COMPANY.—An  adjourned  meeting  of  the  Royal  Australian  Steam  Company  took  place  on  Friday  afternoon,  when  the  result  of  the  ballot  on  the  late  election  of  directors  was  declared  to  be  by  a  large  majority  in  favour  of  the  parties  then  selected.  THE  GOLDEN  AND  THE  AUSTRALIAN  MAILS.—  The  following  letter  addressed  to  the  editor,  appears  in  the  Globe  of  Saturday  evening  Sir,—To  the  surprise  of  many,  the  Golden  steamer,  is  not  announced  in  the  Post  Office  Daily  to  take  a  letter-bag  to  Australia.  Surely  a  steamer  of  1,000  horse  power  ought  to  be  deemed  worthy  to  carry  at  least  a  ship  letter-bag.  I  am  Sir,  yours  respectfully,  T.  The  lia)izburgh.  News  states  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  has  declared  to  the  different  courts  that  no  negociation  or  mediation  can  meet  with  attention  on  his  part,  until  the  Turks  have  recrossed  the  Danube,  and  the  Sultan  withdrawn  his  declaration  of  war.  SEASON,  OUT  OF  is  a  singular  fact  that  emigration  still  continues,  and  that  numbers  of  the  rural  population  are  leaving  the  country,  apparently  regardless  of  the  severity  of  the  weather,  and  the  perils  of  a  winter  voyage  across  the  Atlantic.  The  number  of  emigrants  for  Australia  is  steadily  increasing.  STIRRING  AT  ST.  PETERSBURG.—A  letter  from  St.  Petersburg,  in  the  Voss  Gazette  of  Berlin,  states  that  all  troops  in  the  vicinity  of  the  capital  have  been  ordered  to  keep  themselves  in  readiness  to  march  at  a  moment's  notice.  On  the  3rd  the  Emperor  reviewed  the  regiments  of  the  Im Imperial  perial Imperial  Guard,  18  battalions  of  infantry,  20  squadrons  of  cavalry,  and  6  batteries  of  artillery.  MR.  G.  V.  BROOKE  AT  TEE  AMPRITHEATRE.-011  Saturday  evening  the  eminent  tragedian,  Mr.  G.  V.  Brooke,  closed  a  highly  successful  engagement  of  three  week's  duration.  The  piece  selected  for  his  final  appearance  was  the  well wellknown  known wellknown  tragedy  of  Richard  the  Third.  Mr.  Brooke's  deline delineation  ation delineation  of  was  a  powerful  and  highly-finished  performance.  He  was  twice  called  before  the  curtain,  and  at  the  close  of  the  piece  he  came  forward,  and  delivered  the  following  address,  from  which  it  seems  that  he  contemplates  again  appearing  before  a  Liverpool  audience  previous  to  his  departure  for  America  :  1 STYLE=superscript  ‘  Ladies  and  Gentlemen,—Fatigued  as  you  see  I  now  am,  I  cannot  forego  this  opportunity  of  expressing  my  heartfelt  gratitude  at  the  very  liberal  patronage  my  engagement  in  this  town  has  met  with..  Before  I  sail  for  other  lands,  I  hope  ere  long,  again  to  have  the  honor  of  appearing  before  my  Liverpool  friends.  In  the  meantime  I  now  respectfully  and  gratefully  say  (Loud  cheers.)  A  CLERGYMAN  IN  THE  INSOLVENT  COURT.—On  Satur  day  in  the  Insolvent  Debtors'  Court,  an  application  was  made  on  behalf  of  the  provisional  assignee  in  the  insolvency  of  the  Rev.  Theodore  Williams,  vicar  of  Hendon,  for  leave  to  con concur  cur concur  in  the  sale  of  the  advowson  to  the  Duke  of  Portland:  The  purchase  money  was  £8,400,  and  the  sale  took  place  at  the  instance  of  the  trustees  of  the  insolvent's  marriage  settlement.  The  living  had  been  sequestered.  An  order  was  made  accordingly.—A  further  application  was  made  in  the  same  case,  on  the  part  of  the  provisional  assignee,  that  the  Bishop  of  London  might  be  ordered  to  furnish  an  account  of  the  proceeds  of  the  living  since  the  period  at  which  it  was  sequestrated.  An  application  had  been  already  made  to  the  bishop,  but  the  information  rendered  was  not  deemed  suffi sufficient.  cient. sufficient.  The  matter  stood  over  for  an  affidavit  of  the  bishop,  when  the  rule  will  be  granted.  THE  MURDERER  Moms.  —The  four  children  of  this  wretched  culprit,  and  two  other  relatives  had  an  interview  with  him  on  Saturday  morning.  The  scene  was  painful  in  the  extreme,  and  Mobbs  was  more  affected  on  this  occasion  than  hitherto  when  his  children  have  visited  him.  After  the  usual  time  allowed  by  the  rules  of  the  prison,  the  afflicted  children  (who  were  convulsed  with  grief)  and  their  relatives  were  shown  into  a  room,  where  they  remained  for  a  short  period,  and  subsequently  left  the  prison  in  the  same  way  they  came.  A  crowd  was  waiting  outside,  to  catch  a  glimpse  of  them  as  they  passed.  Mobbs  listened  with  the  thanked  him  the  governor  when  th  e  y  separated.  The  condemned  sermon  was  preached  yesterday  morning,  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Davis  '  the  chaplain  of  the  gaol.  The  execution  will  take  place  this  morning,  in  front  of  the  gaol  of  New Newgate.  gate. Newgate.  ALARMING  ACCIDENT  AT  THE  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.--  A  few  minutes  before  the  commencement  of  the  perform performances  ances performances  at  the  Amphitheatre  on  Saturday  evening,  a  young  man,  named  Connolly,  who  was  in  the  gallery  with  his  is ister,  ter, ister,  fell  over  into  the  pit,  alighting  on  one  of  the  forms.  The  house  was  nearly  filled  at  the  time,  and,  as  may  well  be  imagined,  the  accident  caused  the  greatest  consternation  in  the  building.  Almost  miraculously,  the  young  man  was  not  at  all  hurt,  although  it  was  expected  that  he  would  have  been  killed,  as  the  distance  he  fell  is  very  considerable.  Mr.  Copeland,  the  lessee,  was  promptly  on  the  spot,  and  Con Connolly,  nolly, Connolly,  who  was  a  little  stunned,  was  conveyed  to  the  shop  of  Mr.  Sutton,  chemist,lat  the  corner  of  Queen's-square,  where,  on  being  examined,  it  was  found  that  h  e  h  a  d  sustained  no  external  injury.  In  a  few  minutes  he  again  entered  the  theatre,  and  witnessed  the  performances.  We  understand  that  at  the  time  the  accident  happened  Connolly  was  in  a  state  of  intoxication.  CROLERA.—Tnn  GUIDING  STAR.—At  the  weekly  meet meetng  ng meetng  of  the  Belfast  Board  of  Guardians  on  Thursday  last,  Dr.  M'Gee  inquired  if  he  thought  it  would  be  advisable  to  allow  one  of  the  passengers  of  the  Guiding  Star,  who  had  been  in  hospital  and  was  now  in  good  health,  to  go  to  Liverpool,  as  he  had  expressed  a  wish  to  that  effect  ?  Dr.  Reid  saw  no  objection  to  the  person  referred  to  leaving  the  house,  as  he  was  in  good  health,  and  his  clothes  had  been  freely  fumi fumigated.  gated. fumigated.  It  was  then  arranged  that  the  person  should  be  kept  in  the  workhouse  until  the  sailing  of  the  first  steamer  for  Liverpool,  when  he  should  be  put  on  board.  The  master  mentioned  that  some  of  the  passengers  in  the  work workhouse  house workhouse  had  a  considerable  sum  of  money  in  their  possession,  and  others  had  none  at  all.  Mr.  Murney  said  he  had  no  doubt  that  when  the  poor  passengers  were  able  to.  leave  the  workhouse,  a  sufficient  sum  would  be  provided  to  defray  their  expenses  to  Liverpool,  in  case  they  wished  to  go  there.  In  reply  to  an  inquiry  from  the  mayor,  Dr.  Reid  stated  that  there  had  been  no  case  of  cholera  outside  of  the  workhouse  in  this  town  since  the  arrival  of  the  passengers  belonging  to  the  Guiding  Star;  nor  had  any  person  con connected  nected connected  with  the  workhouse  or  hospital  been  affected  with  it  during  that  time.  Mr.  M'Gee  said  that  was  a  most  im important  portant important  statement,  and  should  be  known  by  the  public.  ALLEGED  ROBBERY  OF  £I,2OO.—CURIOUS  CASE.—On  Saturday  evening,  information  was  given  at  the  police-office  by  a  man  named  Peter  Ball,  residing  at  No.  7,  Wilton Wiltonstreet,  street, Wiltonstreet,  and  who  keeps  a  fruiterer's  stall  in  St.  John's  Market,  that  his  house  had  been  broken  into,  a  box  forced  open,  and  the  large  sum  of  £l2OO  stolen  therefrom.  Ball  stated  that  the  sum  was  all  in  Victoria  sovereigns,  some  wrapped  up  in  brown  paper,  more  in  writing  paper,  and  that  it  was  made  up  in  twelve  parcels,  each  containing  100  sovereigns.  He  also  stated  that  an  entrance  had  bee  n  e  ff  ec  t  e  d  i  n  t  o  his  house  by  parties  getting  over  the  batik  wall,  into  the  yard,  then  breaking  a  square  of  glass,  and  by  this  means  raising  the  window,  and  getting  into  the  house.  The  money,  was  stated  to  be  in  a  box,  the  lock  of  which  was  picked  and  the  rich  prize  carried  off.  Some  bundles  of  wearing  apparel  were  also  found  tied  up,  but  not  removed,  and  the  robbery  was  stated  to  have  been  committed  during  the  absence  of  Ball's  daughter,  who  had  left  the  house  at  six  o'clock  to  take  her  father  and  mother's  tea  to  the  market.  She  re returned  turned returned  home  about  Oven  o'clock,  and  then  found  that  the  robbery  had  been  committed.  Immediately  on  information  of  the  robbery  being  given,  several  of  the  detective  officers  were  despatched  to  the  scene  of  the  alleged  robbery.  A  cri critical  tical critical  examination  of  the  premises  at  once  satisfied  the  officers  that  professional  thieves  had  nothing  whatever  to  do  with  the  robbery;  and  if  robbery  there  had  been  it  must  have  been  committed  by  some  one  belon  g  ing  to  Ball's  ho  use  h  o  ld,  This  surmise  was  confirmed  by  the  fact  that  the  window  by  which  the  entrance  was  alleged  to  be  effected  had  been  bro broken  ken broken  from  the  inside,  the  glass  falling  outwards  rather  than  inwards,  which  would  have  been  the  case  had  the  window  been  broken  from  the  outside.  A  minute  search  was  then  instituted,  a  sum  of  £3OO  in  sovereigns  was  found  concealed  in  a  cradle,  and  after  a  further  search  an  additional  sum  of  £6O  was  found  in  the  ashpit,  making  altogether  £360.  From  inquiries  instituted  by  the  officers  it  was  then  ascer ascertained  tained ascertained  that  Ball  and  his  wife  had  had  a  dispute  in  the  early  part  of  the  week,  and  from  the  nature  of  Mrs.  Ball's  remarks  they  were  led  to  believe  that  no  robbery  had  taken  place,  unless  she  and  her  daughter  were  parties  to  it,  It  is  also  believed  that  the  sum  actually  taken  is  far  below  the  amount  stated  by  Ball  to  have  been  taken  from  the  box.  PROGRESS  OF  COMMON  SENSE.—The  Irish  tenant-righters  are  evincing  a  judicious  moderation.  Mr.  Sergeant  Shee  has  addressed  a  letter  to  the  Dublin  Evening  Post,  referring  to  the  &#34;Tenants'  Improvement  Compensation  as  altered  by  him  for  the  purpose  of  embodying  the  principles  of  Mr.  Sharman  Crawford's  bill.  The  Sergeant  says  :  It  is  our  duty  to  assist,  by  all  the  means  at  our  disposal,  in  passing  a  good  measure  for  the  settlement  of  a  most  difficult  question  ;  and  there  is  no  mode  so  likely  to  effect  this  object  as  to  avow  our  readiness  to  accept  as  much  of  the  government  proposal  as  we  honestly  can—and  prepare  for  the  discussion  of  such  amendments  to  it  as  are  essential,  by  freeing  ourselves  from  the  encumbrance  of  those  details  which  have  hitherto  been  much  more  serviceable  in  debate  to  the  opponents  of  land  reform,  than  to  its  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIYEIIPOOL,  FRIDAY  EVENING.  By  the  steamer  Niagara,  we  haVe  had  advices  four  days  later  than  those  received  by  the  Glasgow,  on  Saturday,  in  which  we  have  a  telegraphic  despatch  from-our  New  York  correspondent  down  to  the  10th  instant,  which  is  the  latest  American  intelligence  that  has  reached  Europe,  and  which  the  commercial  community  cannot  fail  to  appre•  ciate.  The  advices  brought  by  the  Niagara  state  that  the  money  market  was  easier.  The  market  for  foreign  bills  for  the  Niagara  steamer  opened  at  a  decline,  and  first-class  names  were  had  at  1091  to  109',  1 STYLE=superscript  „  A  leading  banking  house  drew  freely  at  109'4..  Mercantile  bills,  on  current  produce,  shipments,  108  i  to  109.  No  specie  engagements  were  talked  of  for  this  packet.  The  telegraph  had  reported  $2,553,000  as  having  left  San  Francisco  by  the  two  steamers  of  the  16th  ult.  These  shipments  in  early  prospect;  the  easier  con condition  dition condition  and  steadier,  discount  column  of  the  banks,  and  the  state  of  the  foreign  exchanges,  will  all  contribute  to  a  more  'favourable  feeling  in  money  circles  counteracted,  however,  in  part  by  the  county  failures  which  more  or  less  touch  this  city.  The  name  of  the  Buffalo  produce  house  telegraphed  on  Saturday  as  being  in  trouble,  is  Lucius  H.  Pratt.  His  liabilities  were  said  to  be  $200,000.  The  failure  of  the  Patchin  Bank,  of  Buffalo,  had  also  been  announced.  It.  is  an  individual  banking  association,  owned  by  Mr.  A.  D.  Patchin  and  his  ain.  The  circulation—slls,ooo—secured  by  $56,000  in  bonds  and  mortgages  ;  $27,000  New  York,  and  $29,000  United  States  stocks,  and  a  cash  deposit  with  the  Comptroller  of  $10,500,  making  together,  $117,500.  On  the  arrival:of  the  steamer  Franklin,  a  further  reduction  took  place  in  flour,  which  was  less  in influenced  fluenced influenced  than.  wheat.  The  continued  high  freights  to  the  Continent  of  Europe,  and  to  the  East,  had  checked  the  buoyancy  and  limited  the  transactions  very  considerably.  The  great  stringency  in  our  money  market  compelled  many  holders  to  sell  freely  on  arrival,  and  indeed  there  was  little  dispo disposition  sition disposition  apparent  to  store  flour  at  the  very  high  prices,  and  we  notice  more  desire  to  sell  for  forward  deli delivery,  very, delivery,  but  not  so  much  inclination  to  purchase  by  shippers  at  the  extreme  prices  demanded.  These  remarks  apply  more  particularly  to  December  ;  for  this  month  a  fair  business  has  been  done  at  $6  81i  to  $7,  and  for  the  first  20  days  in  December,  some  2,100  brls.  have  changed  hands  at  $7,  With  respect  to  Cotton  the  New  York  papers  say  The  accounts  of  killing  frost  require  more  confirmation.  The  Southern  markets  do  .not  respond  to  any  in injury  jury injury  done.  A  frost  has  occurred,  however,  through throughout  out throughout  the  cotton  growing  states,  but  our  correspond-•  ents  do  not  note  that  it  has  been  of  so  injurious  a  character,  except  in  some  few  localities,  as  to  check  the  production•  of  the  plant.  These  reports  have  had  their  influence  on  this  market,  which  during  the  week  has  continued  steady,  upon  the  previous  week's  advance.  Sales  for  the  last  six  days,  as  de declared  clared declared  are  8,453  bales,  divided  as  follows  :  for  ex  port,  1,712,  speculation,  2,564,  home  use,  4,177  bales.  The  advices  per  steamer  Africa,  at  hand  this  morning,  have  produced  no  favorable  effect  upon  the  market,  the  sales  being  but  545  bales,  of  which  only  70  bales  were  for  The  freights  to  Europe  had  receded,  but  subse subsequently,  quently, subsequently,  with  more  offering,  the  rates  improved,  and  tended  upwards.  To  the  Continent  there  has  been  a  material  advance,  particularly  on  Flour,  with  a  large  supply  offering.  To  Liverpool-18,000  bush.  wheat  at  13d  ;  35,000  bbls.  flour  at  3s.  6d.  ;  300  bales  cotton  at  id.;  800  brls.  rosin  4s.  6d.  ;  1,500  boxes  cheese  at  50s.  ;  54  hhds.  tobacco  at  425.  6d.  To  London-105,000.  bush.  wheat  at  15d.  to  16d.  ;  25,000  brls.  flour  at  4s.  6d.  to  4s.  9d.;  A  complete  revision  of  the  American  tariff  is  talked  of;  and  we  shall  notice  this  subject  in  a  future  number.  The  City  of  Manchester  also  arrived  in  the  Mersey  to  day  from  Philadelphia,  and  the  Hermann  at  Southampton,  from  New  York.  The  Niagara  brings  104,000  dollars,  and  the  City  of  Manchester  113,000  dollars  on  freight.  _  The  London  .  Stock  mar3iet  was  less  anima animated  ted animated  yesterday.  In  the  business  done  however,  the  public  show  an  increase  of  confidence,  and  the  market  closed  very  firmly.  Consols  95  to  958.  Three  and  a  quarter  per  cents  958  to  964.  Bank  Stock  217  to  218.  Exchequer  Bills  ss.  to  Bs.  prem.  In  the  Foreign  House  the  'efforts  made  to  keep  44,---1„„  „a_  Prigsian_,Stocks___thua  v  ila_s:  proved  successful.  Xlie  closing  N  Russian  111  to  113.  Mexican  24  to  24k.  Spanish  46i.  Passive  ditto  4B-  to  4-1.  New  deferred  ditto  24  to  24-1,  The  Railway  and  other  shares  were  in  universal  demand.  The  closing  quotations  will  be  found  in  another  column.  •  •  In  the  London  Produce  Markets  business  closed  heavily  In  foreign  sugars  there  was  less  doing  owing  to  the  shortness  of  stocks.  Brown  Bahia  was  quoted  at  20s.  3d.  to  20s.  9d.  For  refined  sorts  the  demand  had  increased.  Good  brown  samples  were  quoted  at  445.  Coffee  continues  in  fair  de demand.  mand. demand.  Native  Ceylon,  465.  to  465.  6d.  Plantation,  555.  to  60s.  Teas  are  more  in  demand.  Ordinary  Congou,  is.  lid.  to  is.  2d.  Other  sorts,  ls.  2td.  to  2s.  6d.  Rice  was  less  in  demand.  The  quotations  were,  Bengal,  14s.  9d.  to  16s.  Pinkey  Madras  is  quoted  at  13s.  3d.  to  13s.  9d.  Cotton  continues  quiet  and  firm.  The  demand  for  Tallow  has  abated  considerably.  Fine  P.Y.C.  575.  3d.  to  575.  6d.  on  the  spot.  _  _  _  The  state  of  Trade  in  Manchester  is  not  satis satisfactory.  factory. satisfactory.  Since  Thursday  there  has  not  been  any  material  alteration  in  the  market,  for  either  yarns  or  cloth.  Prices  in  both  branches  generally,  have  not•recovered  any  of  the  decline  which  they  have  sustained  for  some  time  ;  on  the  contrary,  they  are  again  to-day  in  buyers'  favour,  while  stocks  con continue  tinue continue  to  accumulate,  the  purchases  that  are  made  being  both  few  and  small.  The  Manchester  Share  Market  begins  to  •  show  symptoms  of  re-animation.  Midlands  were  quoted  62i.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  18  9-16.  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  3-16  premium.  Manchester  and  Salford  Bank,  4  premium.  The  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  closed  without  any  change  from  Friday.  The  sales  are  5000  bales,  1000  being  for  export  and  speculation.  Our  Share  Market  opened  fiat,  but  speedily  ral rallied,  lied, rallied,  and  closed  very  strong  at  our  quotations  for  Saturday,  which  will  be  found  in  another  column."
