text
"d,  it  was  case.  It  paid  him,  that  secmea  imp  so,  his  conduct  would  be  (  any  other  circumstances,  nothing  would  accept  the  honour  conferred  upon  him.  He  accei  offiee,  and  thanked  the  members  of  the  Council  for  the  kindness.  _  (Applause.)  .  .  trued  e  nuluc  Mr.  Alderman  HARVEY  said  he  did  not  know  whether  he  should  be  in  order  in  making  any  motion  upon  the  speech  delivered  by  Mr.  Langworthy.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  he  was  sure  the  Council  would  be  glad  to  listen  to  him.  Mr.  Alderman  HARVEY  then  said,  he  thought  there  was  one  point  in  respect  of  which,  though  Mr.  Langworthy  was  generally  correct.  he  was  wrong,  and  that  was  as  to  con continuing  tinuing continuing  the  services  of  any  one  when  they  were  beneficially  and  efficiently  discharged.  Now  when  they  had  a  member  of  parliament  who  perf  or  med  his  duty  well,  the  electors  were  very  glad  at  having  the  opportunity  of  re-electing  that  member  of  parliament,  and  they  had  done  so  from  time  to  time  in  that  borough.  So  he  thought  when  an  alderman  had  efficiently  fulfilled  his  duties  to  the  council  and  to  th  borough,  it  was  the  duty  of  the  Council  to  re-appoint  hir  from  time  to  time  (hear,  hear).  It  did  not  b  them  t  elect  a  man  of  inferior  attainments,  when  they  could  secure  the  services  of  a  gentleman  who  had  discharged  them  with  great  efficiency  on  former  occasions  (hear,  hear).  Ma.  CHODWICK  thought  the  highest  honour  that  could  be  conferred  upon  him  had  been  paid  to  Mr  Longworthy,  inasmuch  as  he  was  elected  to  the  office  of  Alderman  by  the  unanimous  votes,  not  only  of  the  Council,  but  of  the  burges burgesses,  ses, burgesses,  (hear,  hear).  And  it  was  because  the  burgesses  were  under  the  impression  that  modesty  would  prevent  Mr.  Longworthy  from  consenting  again  to  accept  the  office  the  requisittons  were  got  up,  (hear,  hear).  The  burgesses  signed  the  requisitions,  because  they  thought  there  was  no  one  in  the  Borough  so  well  qualified  for  the  office,  or  so  highly  entitled  to  that  honour,  (applause).  Tho  subject  then  dropped.  SANITARY  PRECAUTION  The  Town  CLERK  (Mr.  Gibson)  said,  it  had  been  con considered  sidered considered  requisite  to  put  a  notice  on  the  paper  respecting  the  sanitary  precautions  that  had  been  taken  in  the  borough,  least  circumstances  might  render  it  necessary,  or  the  council  might  be  desirous,  of  having  a  report  concerning  sanitary  im improvements  provements improvements  effected,  or  in  progress.  However,  the  Mayor  went  out  of  the  town  and  he  (the  Town  Clerk)  had  not  re received  ceived received  instructions  to  make  a  - STYLE=superscript  written  report  on  the  subject.  However,  he  might  state  that  a  meeting  of  the  General  Paupers  Committee  had  been  held,  at  which  it  was  resolved  to  appoint  a  special  Sanitary  Committee,  to  carry  out  the  powers  possessed  by  the  various  local  authorities.  That  was  done  in  consequence  of  the  issuing  of  the  re recent  cent recent  order  of  the  Privy  Council  respecting  sanitary  precautions.  Amongst  the  members  of  the  special  com comcommittee  committee comcommittee  were  the  chairman  and  deputy-chairman  of  the  Nuisance,  Lamp,  Highway,  and  Watch  Committees,  all  of  whom  bad  certain  sanitary  nowPrg  Pn  trusfnd  rrh.  authorities  of  the  neighbouring  township  of  Pendleton  were  also  acting  in  unison  with  the  official  committee.  Almost  every  house  in  the  borough  was  in  the  course  of  being  visited,  and  nuisances  were  continually  being  removed.  The  hoard  of  guardians  were  also  co-operating  with  the  Town  Council.  The  whole  of  the  sanitary  authorities  and  officers  in  the  borough  are  working  in  conjunction,  and  as  one  combined  force  (hear,  hear).  He  apprehended  that  tha  principal  grounds  of  complaint  in  the  shape  of  nuisances  would'  in  a  few  days  either  have  been  removed  or  be  in  course  of  removal.  _  _  _  _  _  Mr.  Alderman  HARVEY  said,  he  was  one  of  those  ap appointed  pointed appointed  to  visit  parties,  in  1829,  when  the  cholera  made  its  first  appearance.  He  then  visited  something  like  500  dwellings.  At  that  time  the  boroughreeve,  constables,  and  churchwarden,  granted  a  portion  of  the  money,  under  their  controul,  in  providing  additional  clothing  for  the  poor.  Something  like  300  or  400  pairs  of  blankets,  besides  other  articles  of  comfort,  were  distributed  amongst  the  necessitous,  by  those  who  had  charge  of  Booth's  charity.  The  town  was  now  in  a  condition  much  superior  to  that  in  which  it  then  was  ;  the  streets  were  in  a  much  better  state,  a  great  additional  amount  of  drainage  having  been  effectually  carried  out.  And  he  hoped  and  trusted  that  they  should  not  have  such  grounds  of  apprehension,  as  to  the  fatal  results  of  the  cholera,  should  it  again  visit  the  borough,  as  they  had  on  the  occasion  to  which  he  referred.  He  mentioned  that,  so  that  parties  might  not  feel  unnecessary  alarm  on  the  subject.  (Hear.)  He  was  satisfied  that  cleansing  and  ventilation  would  be  a  great  means  of  preventing  the  growth  and  spread  of  the  cholera.  •-counti  idden  t  of  these  r  bed  of`c  f  their  t  not,  1  people  to  prov  F.  Rol  were  driven  from  their  homes  by  the  hard  n  lifes,  and  who  would  gladly  have  remain(  could  have  found  employment,  They  shouh  key  so  allo  .ou's  tribes  with  whom  they  ,ch  had  h  y  that  the  quainted  with  our  peopl(  ibroad.  had  1  The  Rev  ently  pointed  out  that  then  iitv,  but,  that  all  these  things  -w(  widence,  and  that  colonization  was  one  of  th  hands  of  God,  by  which  he  designed  th;  [pose  of  his  providence  should  be  carried  (  I  Port:  lously  adopted.  Tho  Rev.  Dr.  COLENSO,  Bishop  e,  the  God  Ito+  of"
