text
"IRELAND  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  .  DUBLIN,  THURSDAY.  THE  FATAL  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.  Of  the  sufferers  in  the  Hospital,  Miss  Pack  is  still  in  a  very  low  and  dangerous  state,  owing  to  the  supervention  of  erysipelas  in  the  legs  ;  Miss  Coffey  has  been  despaired  of,  she  being  in  the  last  stage  of  consumption  ;  Miss  Farrell  is  .going  on  tolerably  well;  and  Dr.  Stokes's  servant  has  been  pronounced  out  of  danger.  THE  ADJOURNED  INQUEST._  -  .  The  inquest  was  resumed  at  Naas  yesterday.  In  addition  to  those  present  on  the  former  day,  Captain  Tyler,  R.  E.,  Government  Inspector,  attended  ;  also  Mr.  Fitzgibbon,  Q.C.,  with  Mr.  Carlton,  attorney,  on  the  part  of  Berry,  the  guard  of  the  express  train.  Mr.  Ilberry  being  re-called  for  re-examination,  deposed  to  the  following  effect  thought  a  train  with  twenty  carriages  could  be  stopped  in  half  a  mile  on  a  wet  night.  When  the  engine  broke  down,  the  guard  should  have  seen  that  there  was  a  red  tail-light  on  There  ought  to  have  been  one  on  from  Kildare,  and  the  station-master  there  should  have  seen  to  it.  On  the  previous  nights  there  was  a  red  light  on,  but  he  only  stated  that  on  the  evidence  of  the  company's  servants.  There  was  no  invention  to  communicate  between  the  guard  and  the  engine-driver  ;  anybody  who  discovered  it  would  receive  £20,000.  When  witness  went  to  the  scene  of  the  accident,  he  asked  Berry  why  he  did  not  use  the  fog fogsignals,  signals, fogsignals,  and  he  answered  that  he  did  not  consider  it  neces necessary,  sary, necessary,  it  was  so  lightsome.  Gass,  the  driver  of  the  cattle  train,  said  that  he  did  not  think  Berry's  signal  was  more  than  100  yards  from  him,  and  that  he  did  all  in  his  power  to  pull  up  ;  he  said  he  was  about  half  reversed.  One  break  with  the  break  on  the  tender,  was  sufficient  for  the  goods  train.  It  would  be  impossible  for  Gass  to  pull  up  at  100  yards.  The  signal  post  at  Straffan  could  be  distinctly  visible  from  where  the  accident  occurred  ;  it  is  visible  for  a.  mile  at  the  Sallin's  side  of  the  accident;  it  would  not  be  the  duty  of  the  engineer  to  slacken  speed  at  two  miles  distance  from  the  red  light  if  he  saw  it  then  ;  it  would  not  indicate  that  there  was  an  obstruction  at  the  place  of  the  accident  ;  it  would  tell  him  he  was  to  pull  up  at  that  place  ;  he  must  come  up  to  the  red  light,  but  not  pass  it  ;  the  red  light  indicates  that  there  is  danger  in  the  immediate  vicinity  of  it  ;  a  white  light,  a  flag,  a  hat,  or  even  the  hand  waved  up  and  down,  would  be  a  signal  to  the  engine  to  stop  ;  it  would  be  Gass's  duty,  if  he  saw  the  red  light  at  Straffan,  and  carriage  tail  lights,  to  creep  on  slowly,  and  to  pull  up  immediately  at  half-a-mile  distance.  Witness  was  not  aware  that  it  is  the  order  of  the  Government  to  have  a  break  van  at  the  end  of  the  passenger  train.  Captain  Tylyer—ln  the  reports  of  the  Board  of  Trade,  I  think  that  there  is  such  a  recommendation.  Mr.  Ilben  y—l  recollect  that  after  an  accident  on  an  Eng-  lish  line,  with  which  I  was  connected,  Colonel  Paisley,  tile  Government  Inspector,  recommended  that  the  break  should  be  placed  between  the  engine  and  the  first  carriage,  where  it  now  is.  To  Mr.  Stephens—The  guard  has  no  instructions  to  're 'request  quest 'request  the  passengers  to  leave  the  train  in  the  case  of  a  break  down.  It  is  left  to  the  discretion  of  the  _passengers  themselves  in  such  cases  ;  the  stoker  takes  his  instructions  from  the  engine-driver  ;  witness  found  a  broken  lamp  on  the  line,  which  had  been  used,  by  Berry  the  guard  on  the  night  in  question.  [The  lamp  was  here  produced,  and  it  had  a  red"
