text
"nt,  was  cotton,  :er,  in  fin&amp;  be  conimitt  —On  THE  POST  a  bv  I  They  attended  divine  service  at  St.  Nichols  Church  ;es  used  in  the  afternoon  divided  or  not  would  get  nothing  ;  and,  ,  they  had  no  Act  provided  mr  the  insolvent,  at  the  He  contended,  that  the  ler  under  the  Bankruptcy  bill,  for  winding  up  the  is  bill,  for  the  petition,  y  equal  to  the  cost  of  the  ces,  private  assignments  c  than  the  bankruptcy  court,  ,ensive  at  present.  That,  Mr.  Brooke  ssigtuncnt,  whet►  se  to  his  so  doing.  ite  would  not  only  have  lual  creditor,  but,  would  extent  than  it  could  be  eh  a  course,  as  the  latter,  because  the  party  who  ite  a  deed  of  assignment,  mig  le  of  t  t,  whethe  deed  of  .t  get  certain  fictitious  or  otherwise,  to  come  in,  and  agree  to  nment,  and  sweep  away  the  dividend.  In  the  :,.37  court  the  debts  should  all  be  proved,  and  a  :amination  gone  through  ;  but  not  as  in  a  private  it.  THE  COURT  :-Might  not  the  insolvent  now  tined  with  respect  to  his  different  creditors  ?  vaNs:  To  be  sure—as  to  every  one  of  them.—Mr.  hat  does  not  actually  touch  the  point,  because  if  a  puts  on  his  list  certain  creditors,  he  will  of  course  ba  red  to  swear  to  them,  but  in  the  other  case  the  exami examia  a examia  is  not  of  the  debtor,  but  of  the  creditors.—The  I  think  the  insolvent  ought  to  be  prepared  to  show  buted  the  property.—Mr.  E  VANS  :  I  am  pre-  The  Insolvent  having  been  briefly  examined  h  regard  to  some  of  his  creditors,  the  he  distri  d  to  do  so,  Mr.  Anti  URT  said  :  I  think  the  argument  is  well  founded  'which  ;v  cats  the  insolvent  to  have  recourse  to  one  or  other  of  the  ferent  remedies,  and  I  am  not  prepared  to  say  that,  be-  Ise  he  had  not  recourse  to  that  which  had  been  provided  him,  by  .  the  last  bankruptcy  act,  he  is  therefore  precluded  applying  to  this  court.  The  case  cited  by  Mr.  HimE,  aided  upon  an  authority  entitled  to  such  great  respect  as  Commissioner  Holroyd,  is  very  important,  but  I  think,  Len  we  come  to  examine  it,  it  appears  quite  clear  that  Mr.  , STYLE=superscript  M1111SS1011(  Holroyd  did  not  carry  out  that  decision  which  )arentiy,  upon  the  face  of  the  report,  he  seems  to  have  -  He  appears  to  have  said  that  he  would  not  it  an  order  until  all  the  creditors  were  put  in  a  similar  tion  with  those  who  had  come  in  under  the  assignment  :  he  did  not  grant  a  final  order  without  any  such  arrange arranget  t arranget  being  carried  out,  and  he  required  it  to  be  carried  out  1  dowr  ply  in  ri  !ct  to  the  opposing  creditor  from  whom  e  opposition  had  originated  - STYLE=superscript  .  He  therefore  does  rt  seem  to  me,  if  this  report  be  correct,  to  have  acted  upon  e  principle  which  in  general  terms  he  pronounced.  I  unot,  therefore,  think  that  this  report  can  be  relied  upon,  the  deliberate  expression  of  his  opinion.  If  it  were,  I  Lould  be  very  slow  indeed  to  overrule  it  in  this  court  ;  but  Lble  to  find  any  gene  doctrine  or  proceeding  to  support  such  a  view  as  appears  to  be  laid  do  - STYLE=superscript  wn  in  the  report,  and  as  Mr.  Commissioner  Hoiroyd's  own  action  appears  to  be  inconsistent  with  the  general  terms  used,  I  rather  think  it  comes  to  this  matter  of  fact,  that  a  proposal  Jeer  mac  by  the  insolvent's  counsel,  and  adapted  by  the  opposing  creditor's  counsel,  the  Commissioner  was  de  to  the  proposition,  and  not  raise  any  further  But  while  I  at  present  hold  that  I  have  diction  in  this  case,  _and  that  I  may  not  improperly  it,  I  think  I  should  also  accompany  that  statement  ready  to  with  the  expression  of  my  conviction,  that  - STYLE=superscript  in  any  such  case  I  shall  consider  it  my  duty  to  enter  into  the  fullest  investi-  gun  of  the  manner  ill  which  the  assignment  has  been  trought  about,  the  mode  in  which  it  has  been  conducted,  lid  the  honesty  of  dealing  with  which  it  has  been  carried  therefore,  while  I  say  that  the  man  who  has  mado  assignment  may  have  recourse  to  me,  to  get  rid  of  which  remain  amongst  those  creditors  who  have  in  under  the  assignment,  still  I  think  the  fact  I  not  in  the  first  instance,  appeal  to  a  public  deferred  doing  so  until  a  later  moment  renders  „  that  I  should  exercise  the  greatest  care  in  the  tion  which  comes  before  me  at  the  subsequent  period.  I  ought,  under  such  circumstances,  enquire  would  be  the  most  beneficial  course  for  administering  istate,  and  if  I  find  that  the  man  who  comes  here,  has  .ied  through  the  Insolvent  Court  at  a  smaller  expense,  I  that,  in  reality,  his  creditors  upon  the  whole  did  not  upon  t  c  h  o  e  urt  o  other  if  e  Bankruptcy  And STYLE=superscript  ,  .ffer,  f  I  I  will  ftn  d  take  t  t  h  b  a  y  t  into  g  oin  g  a  n  c  o  t  u  n  o  t  t  h  .  and,  the  first  instance,  he  would  have  benefitted  the  mass  of  his  r  fl  ew  I  creditors,  I  think  I  ought,  also,  take  it  into  account  Out  ;  t  t  he  di  So  also  I  f  as  a  matter  of  discretion,  which  I  may  id,  with  regard  to  the  particular  circumstances  ,  I  hold  myself  at  liberty  to  deal  with  such  a  nnes  before  me.  simply  stating  that  I  shall  re-  Lever  such  a  case  does  arise  before  this  Court,  the  ,ns  to  be  given  the  opposing  creditors,  or  the  ho  have  not  come  in,  of  investigating  all  accounts,  .espect  to  the  assignment,  and  to  the  distribution  s,  which  remained  in  hands.  Mr.  EVANS  said,  as  prepared  to  enter  into  the  fullest  investigation.—The  then  adjourned  until  the  2nd  of  October,  for  a  Bat,  I  hold  it  respect  to  the  as  )osed  of,  none  of  which  pos-  sed  any  public  interest.  The  Court  adjourned  at  three  o'clock,  until  ten  o'clock  this  morning"
