text
"(88P°11 STYLE=superscript  B  MR.  JUSTICE  ERLE  AND  A  SPECIAL  JURY.)  PADWICK  V.  PALMER  T STYLE=superscript  his  was  an  action  for  the  recovery  of  20001.  on  a  bill  of  eXehange,  alleged  to  have  of STYLE=superscript  ilu STYLE=superscript  geieY,  mother  of  William  Palmer,  chargs_  Murder  of  his  wife  and  Mr.  J.  P.  Cook,  but  which  she  Pleaded  was  a  forgery.  In  consequence  of  a  rumour  being  Prevalent  that  the  prisoner  would  be  brought  up  by  habeas  corpu  s  from  Stafford  gaol  to  give  evidence  in  the  been  accepted  by  Mrs.  Palmer,  ed  with  the  case,  the  most  intense  interest  and  excitement  prevailed,  in  A  and  for  upwards  of  an  hour  and  a  half  before  the  com comment  ment comment  of  the  trial,  the  avenues  leading  to  the  court  were  densely  crowded  by  persons  anxious  to  obtain  a  g  l STYLE=superscript  ance  of  the  prisoner,  who  has  become  one  of  the  celebri•  ties  of  the  day,  in  consequence  of  his  former  position  in  life,  and  the  heinous  nature  of  the  offences  with  which  he  stands  charged.  The  prisoner  was  brought  up  from  the  Rouse  of  Detention,  in  a  cab,  at  an  earlier  hour  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  morning  than  was  expected,  when  many  were  deprived  of  gratifying  their  morbid  curiosity  by  obtaining  a  glimpse  of  him.  A  body  of  the  A  division  of  the  police  Was  in  attendance,  and  preserved  order  at  the  doors  and  in  the  outer  hall.  The  trial  took  place  in  the  Lord  Chancellor's  court,  a  confined  area,  which  was  very  speedily  filled  after  the  opening  of  the  doors,  and  continued  so  throughout  the  trial.  Mr.  Edwin  James,  Q.C.,  and  Mr.  McNamara  were  co STYLE=superscript  unsel  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins  and  Mr.  Gray  were  for  the  defendant.  The,  witnesses  on  each  side  were  ordered  out  of  court.  M  , STYLE=superscript  Namara  opened  the  pleadings.  Mr.  James,  in  addressing  the  jury,  said  this  bill  was  '  sl7 STYLE=superscript  en  to  the  plaintiff,  a  gentleman  of  considerable  pro pro-1:117'  -1:117' pro-1:117'  by  William  Palmer,  a  person  win  had  lately  'obtained  an  unfortuntte  notoriety.  Palmer  being  in  want  !  mo STYLE=superscript  ney,  was  introduced  to  Mr.  Padwick  for  an  advance  uu  a  bill  of  exchange,  and  the  action  was  brought  by  the  plaintiff  against  the  defendant  (the  mother  of  W.  Palmer),  the  acceptor  of  the  bill  in  question.  The  bill  was  dated  Rugeley,  July  3,  1854,  for  three  months.  and  was  drawn  by  William  Palmer  on  his  mother,  a  lady  of  property,  possessed  of  at  least  50,000/.,  whose  indorsement  it  pur-  Ported  to  bear,  payable  at  the  London  and  Westminster  Bank,  Lothbury,  London.  The  plaintiff,  under  all  the  circumstances  attending  the  case,  had  brought  this  action  before  a  jury  for  investigation,  in  order  that  the  matter  / STYLE=superscript  night  be  strictly  inquired  into.  Mr.  Palmer  was  the  owner  of  a  considerable  number  of  race-horses,  and  (  getting  into  embarra  ssmen  t  s  ,  ma  d  e  an  app  li  cat  i  on,  as  he  the  learned  counsel)  had  stated;  to  plaintiff,  for  an  advance  of  money,  which  was  given  him  on  the  bill  in  question.  On  the  28th  November  last  Palmer  gave  the  plaintiff  a  check  on  tho  National  Provincial  Bank  for  I,oooe  which  was  dishonoured,  and  on  Dec.  8,  a  second  check  on  the  same  bank  for  600  e,  which  was  also  disho dishonoured.  noured. dishonoured.  Padwick,  hoeling  a  warrant  of  attorney  against  Palmer:as  a  collateral  security,  issued  a  writ  of  execution  against  him,  and  he  was  taken  into  custody  on  the  12th  Dee.,  for  the  amount  remaining  due  on  the  bill.  During  the  time  Palmer  was  in  custody,  the  investigations  occurred  which  h  a  d  a  tt  racte  d  the  attention  not  only  of  'every  person  in  England,  but  almost  the  whole  of  the  world,  and  the  plaintiff  was  anxious  that  it  shonld  be  known  that  these  proceedings  had  not  been  instituted  since  the  investigation  of  the  coroner's  jury,  but  that  Palmer  was  in  his  custody  before  that  took  place.  When  the  coroner's  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  guilty,  Palmer  wan  taken  from  the  custody  of  the  sheriff,  and  lodged  in  gaol  on  the  criminal  chaage.  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins  ,said  at  present  it  was  not  his  intention  to  call  William  Palmer  as  a  witness.  Mr.  James  said  that  was  a  question  which  must  rest  with  the  discretion  of  the  learned  counsel,  but  it  should  be  known  the  defendant  applied  for  the  habeas  corpus  to  bring  tip  the  prisoner  Palmer  as  her  witness.  Mr.  Padwick  was  anxious  it  should  be  known  that  iu  this  proceeding  he  was  not  oppressing  a  man  abiding  the  fearful  results  of  the  charges  now  laid  against  him,  but  to  ascertain  whether  or  not  this  was  a  forgery,  and  that  he  had  instituted  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  against  him  before  the  coroner's  inquests  were  held.  If  the  defendant's  case  proved  true,  he'  as  afraid  Palmer  would  be  found  to  have  added  forgery  to  the  other  crimes  with  which  he  stood  charged.  After  some  further  remarks  the  learned  counsel  called  the  following  evi evidence;  dence; evidence;  Mr.  Fred.  Crabb,  clerk  to  the  magistrates  at  Rugeley,  le  l STYLE=superscript  a  rheu  called,  who  stated  that  he  had  known  Mrs.  Pr  !Tier  twelve  or  thirteen  years.  She  was  a  lady  of  be,.°P,sertY,  residing  at  Rugeley.  lie  was  acquainted  with  and  he  believed  the  bill  he  held  in  his  and  Was  in  her  handwriting.  On  the  3rd  of  July  some  k  e  lairY  relative  to  the  bill  was  made  o  f  him,  and  he;wrote  it STYLE=superscript  letter  produced.  Swear  you  ever  saw  her  write  ?  Witnesse-1  cannot  recollect.  `Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins—How  acquainted  with  her  handwriting  ?  Is  Witness—l  have  seen  it  attached  to  deeds.  nq  Mr.  Se  rgeant  Wilkins—l  submit  that  this  witness  is  co STYLE=superscript  mpetent  to  spe  a  k  t  o  handwriting.  Me.  E.  J  ames  —  H  ave  you  acted  upon  the  deed  you  have  Seen_  the  name  of  Mrs:  Palmer  attached  to  ?:  Witness  —Yes  ;  the  money  was  paid  and  the  deed  handed  Over  ?  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins—You  spoke  of  some  bills  ;  Liles'  in  the  hands  ofyour  '1  Witness  yes.  atm  y  .  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins  —Do  they  not  intend  to  sue  their  recovery  ?  Witness  —Certainly.  _  Mr.  Joh  n  S  argent,  late:landlord  of  the  King's  and  Key  Tavern,  in  Fleet-street,  was  next  examined,  and  stated  that  he  knew  William  Palmer,  and  had  had  many  money  !eansactions  with  him.  He  introduced  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Palmer  to  Mr.  Padwick.  In  1852  witness  had  a  bill  'drawn  by  'Palmer  upon  his  mother  f  or  1000/.  The  bill  was  paid  and  u  rn_ed  to  William  Palmer.  It  was  paid  by  a  cheque  from  Mrs.  Sarah  Palmer.  name  i  p  tee  r  in  B STYLE=superscript  th  y STYLE=superscript  e  t STYLE=superscript  n  h STYLE=superscript  a  e STYLE=superscript  advanced  the  money  to  Palmer  pick  being  his  solicitoar  awt.l4le  and  through  him,  Mr.  Pad-  By  Mr.  Sergeant  Witaincisw—ic  beelieved  the  cheque  was  drawn  in  favour  of  Mr.  perfect  certainty.  The  cheque•  but  he  could  not  say  with  qltersstion  paid  the  bill  of  £l,OOO.  The  bill  was  drawir  y  m  Palmer.  At  the  time  the  bill  was  due  some  questiona  .aros  upon  it  and  Palmer  said  he  would  see  it  made  all  te  e STYLE=superscript  acqua  rated  with  the  handwriting  of  Mrs.  Pgalmer,  but  he  could  not  take  upon  himself  to  sitively  swear  that  the  name  on  the  bill  in  question  wasp  n  her  handwriting,  as  three  years  had  elapsed  since  the  transaction  which  he  had  just  raentioned  had  taken  place.  Mr.  J  ust  i  ce  Erie  said  he  thought  that  this'  was  valid  .evidence,  as  M  rs  .  P  almer  made  no  objection  to  the  signa signat3.rand  t3.rand signat3.rand  he  money  was  pa  id  i  n  t  h  e  ord  i  nary  courae.  .  Sergeant  Wilkins  —What  makes  you  believe  that  the  ting  ?  signature  on  th  e  bill  i  n  question  is  Mrs.  Palmer's  hand handwri  wri handwri  Witness—By  the  imitation  of  the  writing.  The  money  has  been  paid  on  the  one  cheque,  and  he  should  think  that  money  would  also  be  paid  on  the  other.  _  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins  -_I  believe  you  h  ive  correctly  designated  the  wr  iti  ng  on  thebill  when  you  used  th  e  wor  d  imitation.  Mr.  E.  James  said  with  this  witness,  who  really  thought  that  the  signature  was  Mrs.  Palmer's,  his  case  would  close.  Mr.  Sergeant  'Wilkins,  in  addressing  the  jury  for  the  defence,  said  that  but  for  the  wicked  and  unconsti  utional  attempts  that  had  been  made  by  those  who  ought  to  be  the  guardians  of  their  liberties  and  rights—that  but  for  the  most  infamous  accumulations  of  malignity  that  had  been  heaped,  on  the  head  of  that  man  whose  name  appeared  in  this  adverse  action,  the  case  would  not  have  occupied  ten  minutes  in  investigation.  When  they  had  heard  the  defen defendant's  dant's defendant's  case,  unless  they  had  allowed  their  minds  to  be  pre preludiced,  ludiced, preludiced,  and  they  had  taken  for  granted  that  the  reports  'ich  had  been  circulated  true  pander  to  the  worst  appetites  of  t  h  e  public..  were  if  their  minds  •  were  free  suc  h  prejudice,  he  should  be  able  to  present  to  from  them  a  clear  case  for  the  defendant,  One  observation  his  learned  friend  had  made  in  concluding  his  remarks,  which  he  (Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins)  might  venture  to  say  had  unfortunately  escaped  his  lips,  because-  he  did  n  o  t  t  hi  nk  him  a  man  who  would  stab  the  helpless,  and  to  w  an  t  only  and  wilfully  accumulate  the  difficulties  that  o  th  ers  had  thrown  in  that  poor  man's  way.  When  his  friend'  c  l  osed  his  observations  by  saying  that  if  the  defence  set  up  were  true,  that  Palmer  would  have  added  to  his  catalogue  of  crimes  that  of  forgery,  he  (Sergeant  Wilkins)  thought  that  was  an  inadvertent  expression  lie  would  not  repeat,  and  as  a  man,  a  lawyer,  and  a  gentlem  an  h  e  co  uld  not  justify.  lie  should  call  before  them  Mrs.  Palmer  and  different  members  of  the  family,  who  would  tell  them  that  the  sig signature  nature signature  to  this  bill  was  not  in  the  handwriting  of  the  defend defendant.  ant. defendant.  The  learned  sergeant,  after  some  other  remarks  called  the  following  witnesses.  Mr.  Smith,  an  attorney,  practising  at  Birmingham,  was  then  called,  and  stated  that  he  had  acted  for  the  defenda  n  t,  f  or  some  years  ,  as  h  er  solicitor.  He  was  well  acquainted  with  the  handwriting  of  Mrs.  PaLmer,_and  he  i  felt  certain  th  a  t  th  e  s  i  gna  t  ure  was  not  n  Mrs.  Palmer's  handwriting.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  E.  James—He  had  seen  Mrs.  Palmer  write  frequently  in  connection  with  matters  relative  to  her  son  Walter's  bankruptcy.  Several  documents  were  handed  to  witness  which  bore  the  name  of  Mrs.  P  a  l  mer  .  S  ome  o  f  th  em  h  e  id  en  tifi  e  d  as  having  her  signature,  others  he  was  doubtful  of.  Mrs.  Sarah  Palmer  deposed  she  was  a  widow  residing  The  Rugeley  :  Sh  e  was  u  p  war  d  s  o  f  60  years  o  f  age.  -the  accept  ance  of  t  h  e  bill  i  n  question  was  not  in  her  'writing.  On  Saturday  last  was  the  first  time  she  saw  the  bin.  She  first  learned  of  the  acceptance  of  such  a  bill  on  the  12th  December.  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins—The  bill  then  would  have  been  months  old.  h STYLE=superscript  l STYLE=superscript  cmgativa  catimigl—§lll  Jaw  Ucar_  vitness  was  James  S  could  no  Prisoner—She  is  now  dead.  Mr.  E.  James—  Do  you  mean  your  late  wife  ?  Prisoner—  Y  es.  Mr.  E.  James—Did  you  see  her  write  it  ?  Prisoner—Yes.  Mr.  E.  James—Then  there  is  an  end  of  the  case,  my  lord.  havo  you  become  I  Mr.  Justice  Erie  to  the  witness—Y  o  u  ma  y  retire.  removed  in  custody  of  the  officer.  in  consequence  of  the  evidence  they  had  just  heard,  he  retired  from  the  case.  He  trusted  his  lordship  and  the  jury  would  think  that  under  all  the  circumstances  the  plaintiff  had  done  right  in  having  this  investigation,  and  that  he  now  honourably  are  I  retired  from  the  case.  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins,  as  counsel  for  the  defendant,  said  he  must  admit  that  the  plaintiff  had  acted  with  the  greatest  propriety  in  bringing  this  action,  and  the  defendant  felt  so  strongly  that  the  plaintiff  had  suffered  from  the  improper  conduct,  probably,  of  a  member  of  the  family,  and  that,  therefore,  it  would  be  dishonourable  on  their  part  to  ask  for  costs  from  the  plaintiff.  That,  of.  course,  was  all  they  could  do  ;  and,  although  they  had  obtained  the  verdict,  they  were  bound  to  express  their  obligations  to  the  plaintiff  for  the  manner  in  which  he  had  conducted  his  case.  There  were  other  actions  of  a  similar  nature  pending,  but  he  hoped  that  the  result  of  this  case  would  put  an  end  to  them.  The  learned  Judge  then  directed  the  jury  to  return  a  verdict  for  the  defendant,  which  they  accordingly  did,  and  the  case.  terminated.  During  the  progress  of  the  trial  the  numb  er  of  p  ersons  congregated  outside  the  building STYLE=superscript  increased  considerably,  the  roadway  between  Westminster  Abbey  and  the  private  entrance  to  the  court  being  blocked  up  by  persons  anxiously  waiting  to  see  Palmer  enter  the  cab  on  his  way  back  to  prison.  At  the  corners  of  Parliament-street  and  Gt,  George  street  large  numbers  of  persons  were  also  collected.  The  prisoner  was  attired  in  mourning,  and  his  general  appearance  was  that  of  a  man  against  whom  :the  suspicion  of  so  foul  an  act  as  that  with  which  he  is  charged  would  not  rest.  He  appeared  in  excellent  health  and  spirits,  and  not  to  have  suffered  from  incarceration  or  mental  excite excitement.  ment. excitement.  Mr.  John  Smith,  of  Birmingham,  the  solicitor  engaged  in  the  defence  of  William  Palmer,  proposes  to  take  a  course  at  the  further  inquiry  before  the  coroner's  jury,  which,  in  all  probability,  will  lead  to  further  disclosures  with  respect  to  this  most  extraordinary  case•  He  has  given  notice  to  the  Crown  that  he  will  be  in  a  position  to  prove  that  the  very  important  evidence  given  by  the  witness  Whyman,  the  assistant  to  Messrs  Mander,  Weaver,  and  Co,  wholesale  druggists,  of  Wolverhampton,  is  not  to  be  relied  upon.  This  witness,  it  may  be  remembered,  deposed  that,  on  the  first  or  second  day  of  the  last  Wolverhampton.  races  (the  13th  or  14th  of  August  last),  he  sold  William  Palmer  three  articles,  one  of  which  he  positively  swears  was  prussic  acid,  and  that  the  price  paid  for  the  articles  was  Is  9d.  Mr.  Hatton,  the  chief  constable  of  Stafford,  has  succeeded  in  obtaining  some  important  evidence  with  reference  to  some  of  the  bank  notes  known  to  have  been  in  the  pos possession  session possession  of  Mr.  Cook  shortly  before  his  death.  In  the  course  of  his  inquiries  in  London  he  gleaned  a  curious  piece  of  evidence  tending  to  show  the  description  of  influence  which  Palmer  endeavoured  to  exercise  over  those  who  might  be  placed  in  a  position  to  connect  them,  in  any  way,  with  the  transactions  in  which  he  was  involved.  It  seems  that  Palmer  made  repeated  visits  to  London,  and  generally  sojourned  at  a  boarding-house  at  Beaufort Beaufortbuildings,  buildings, Beaufortbuildings,  Strand.  Mr.  Hatton  shrewdly  suspected  that  Palmer  during  his  last  visit  to  London,  might  have  changed  some  bank  note  or  notes  at  this  house,  and  accordingly  waited  upon  the  landlady  to  make  inquiries.  Tbis  lady  informed  him  that  Palmer  had  changed  no  bank  note  at  her  house  on  the  occasion  of  his  last  visit,  and  added  that  he  did  not  owe  her  anything  for  b  oar  d  or  lodging.  S STYLE=superscript  he  added,  however,  that  she  had  paid  some  money  on  account  of  Mr.  Palmer,  which  he  h  a  d  not  repaid  her.  This  led  t  o  S  ome  further  explanation,  in  the  course  of  which  it  cppearctdotbhuayt  Palmer,hisom  some  things,  leaving  town,  had  requested  this  lady  The  articles  which  he  said  he  wished  to  send  into  the  country.  oystererticles  which  he  enume enumearded  arded enumearded  the  thing  '  some  game,  solicitor  at  Stoke,  in  Stafford-  Prese;A  cod  These  fish STYLE=superscript  he  directed  rated  included  a  barrel  of  and  other  things  suitable  for  a  s  on  as  to  dt  w  regted,  but  however,  tha:lhetwheays  he  se  T  nt  h  t  e  o  la  a  n  g  dl  e  a  n  d  t  y  lem  fo  a  r  n  w  ,  once  if  she  heard  it.  ^member  the  name  of  the  pers  She  kno  w  t  o  li  the  Mr.  n  a  H  m  a  e  tt  Hatton,  ,  sure  e  e  she  directed.  would  Mr.  Hatton,  knowing  that  the  head  office  of  the  coroner  was  at  Stoke,  inquired  whether  the  name  was  liVilliam  Webb  'Ward  ;  and  the  landlady  stated  that  she  was  positive  that  was  the  nann,  the  address  upon  the  basket  To  William  Webb  Ward,  Esq.,  solicitor,  Stoke,  Mr.  Smith,  the  solicitor  for  Palmer,  has  not  yet  had  an  interview  with  his  client,  and  he  declines  to  have  any  com communication  munication communication  with  him  until  he  is  allowed  to  speak  with  him  in  private.  At  present  there  are  two  attendants  always  in  the  cell  with  the  prisoner,  and  his  solicitor  even  will  not  be  allowed  to  see  him  alone,  until  he  has  obtained  an  order  from  the  LTome-offie  n  to  that  effect.  The  offer  which  Palmer's  family  have  made,  with  . STYLE=superscript  resp^ct  to  the  settlement  of  his  debts,  is  to  pay  10s  in  the  pound  but  on  the  condition  that  UN  umugunat  b  9  A9t  QUIi9  olt  'Wog  h  9  /n  Acc"
