text
"REPORTED  MURDER  OE  A  RO..IIAN  CATHOLIC  CLERGYMAN  AND  THREE  LADIES.  The  following  appalling  announcement  appeared  in  The  Sun  of  yesterday  evening,  and  produced  an  unusual  degree  of  excitement  in  the  metropolis.  The  facts  were  all  so  dis distinctly  tinctly distinctly  detailed  that  little  room  was  left  to  question  the  accuracy  of  the  report,  and  one  universal  feeling  of  horror  was  excited  wherever  the  rumour  penetrated  :  DREADFUL  MURDER  OF  A  ROMAN  CATHOLIC  PRIEST  AND  THREE  LADIES.-  (THIS  DAY.)  The  most  diabolical  murder  has  been  perpetrated  within  three  miles  of  Guildford,at  the  dwelling  of  a  Roman  Catho Catholic  lic Catholic  clergyman,  Sutton-place.  The  tragedy,  which  has  only  just  been  discovered,  has  created  an  amount  of  dismay  never  before  equalled  in  this  county,  so  far  as  the  news  has  at  present  spread.  It  appears  that  at  nine  o'clock  this  morning  as  the  baker's  boy,  servant  'of  Mr.  Jay,  of  that  town,  was  in  the  act  of  delivering  his  bread  in  the  district  of  Sutton,  hiS  attention  was  directed  by  a  milkman  to  the  fact  of  the  latter  not  being  able  to  get  any  answer  at  the  house  of  Father  Henry  Lea,  the  priest.  Both  men  then  knocked  and  rang  the  bell  violently  for  some  time,  but  not  being  answered,  and  observing  no  smoke  coming  from  the  chimneys,  nor  any  indication  of  the  servant  being  astir,  they  went  to  the  rear  of  the  building  and  tapped  loudly  at  the  washhouse  window,  with  the  same  result.  They  then  beat  violently  at  the  washhouse  door  and  still  finding  no  re  ply  th  ey  ra  i  se  d,  the  latch,  whereupon  the  door  opened.  Thinking  it  strange,  they  entered  and  made  their  way  to  the  kitchen,  and  still  finding  no  one,  nor  any  fire  in  the  grate  at  that  hour,  they  pursued  their  way  to  the  parlour.  where  they  became'  horri horrified  fied horrified  at  beholding  the  Rev.  Mr.  Lee,  at  full  length,  face  downwards,  and  his  throat  cut  from  ear  to  ear,  and  his  head  bearing  marks  of  dreadful  blows  having  been  inflicted,  as  if  from  some  blunt  instrument.  Upon  this,  both  men  alarmed  the  neighbours  in  the  retired  spot,  and,  upon  further  searching  the  house,  they  found  three  young  ladies,  cousins  of  Mr,  Lea,  also  dead,  with  their  throats  cut  in  the  same  way,  and  other otherwise  wise otherwise  beaten  about  the  head  as  their  unhappy  relative.  Upon  going  to  the  servants'  bedroom,  the  old  woman  was  found  tied  down  to  the  bed,  with  her  mouth  gagged  and  almost  dead  from  suffocation,  through  the  manner  in  which  her  mouth  was  gagged.  Upon  releasing  her  she  was  found  to  be  quite  unconscious,  and  after  the  arrival  of  a  surgeon,  she  could  only  be  got  to  cry  out,  Oh  l  the  men,  the  It  was  too  clear  that  terror  had  deprived  her  of  reason.  The  Misses  Lea  were  dead,  and  all  the  bodies  quite  cold.  The  drawers  were  all  ransacked.  The  police  are  on  the  pre premises.  mises. premises.  We  immediately  dispatched  a  gentleman  from  the  Observer  office  to  the  spot,  for  the  purpose  of  inquiring.  into  the  par particulars,  ticulars, particulars,  and  we  have  the  satisfaction  of  stating  there  is  not  the  slightest  foundation  for  the  extraordinary  concoction,  of  which  our  contemporary  has  unwittingly  been  made  the  dupe.  The  whole  statement,  from  beginning  to  end,  is  a  wicked  falsehood.  Our  reporter  went  up  to  Sutton-place.  and  made  inquiries  on  the  spot,  and  also  called  upon  the  police  authorities  at  Guildford,  and  he'  has  ascertained  that  nothing  has  occurred,  either  in  the  town  or  its  vicinity,  which  could  form  the  shadow  of  a  groundwork  for  this  most  heartless  and  unjustifiable  report.  It  may  also  be  stated  that  the  Rev.  Mr.  Lea  had  no  female  relatives  at  or  near  Sutton-place,  nor  even  in  the  country,  and  the  only  conceiv conceivable  able conceivable  object  of  the  miscreant  furnishing  the  fabrication,  in  making  three  young  ladies  the  sojourners  at  a  priest's  holm  during  the  night,  must  have  been  with  a  view  to  throw  a  doubt  upon  the  morality  of  the  clergyman  whose  name  has  been  so  shamefully  used  on  this  .occasion..  ---Observer,  of  Sa Saturday.  turday. Saturday.  DOVER  CLIFFS.—It  is  proposed  to  remove  200,000  tons  of  chalk  from  these  cliffs  over  Athol-terrace.  The  Earl  of  Aberdeen  has  been  suffering  from  indisposi indisposition  tion indisposition  during  the  last  few  days,  and  we  regret  that  the  noble  earl  has  not  been  able  to  attend  at  his  office.  Dispatches  were  sent  off  on  Saturday  evening  from  the  colonial-office  to  the  governors  of  Australia,  Hong.  Kong,  Malta,  Ceylon,  Gibraltar,  and  the  Lord  High  Commis Commissioner  sioner Commissioner  of  the  lonian  Islands.  His  grace  the  Duke  of  Bedford  has  signified  his  inten intention  tion intention  of  giving  his  support  to  the  Tavistock  and  South  Devon  railway,  and  to  give  all  the  land  on  his  property  through  which  the  railway  will  pass.—Plymouth  Mail.  The  Duke  of  Buccleuch's  and  the  Marquis  of  Salisbury's  youthful  sons,  Lard  Walter  Scott  and  Lord  Eustace  Cecil,  are  both  on  their  passage  to  India  with  their  respective  re regiments,  giments, regiments,  the  43d  and  52d  light  infantry.  THE  ORLEANS  PROPERTY.---TWO  cases  have  arrived  from  Dunkirk  for  his  Royal  Highness  the  Duke  D'Aumale,  containing  articles  restored  to  his  Royal  Highness  by  the  French  government.  THE  NEW  REFORM  BILL.—A  committee  of  the  Cabinet,  says  the  Daily  .il  r STYLE=superscript  etes,  have  for  some  time  been  busy  with  the  details  of  the  coming  Reform  Bill.  This  committee  includes,  it  is  said,  Lord  John  R  usse  ll,  Si  r  J  ames  G  ra  h  am,  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  and  Lord  Palmerston.  THE  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH  COMPANY  OF  IRELAND.—The  Hon.  Mr.  Massey  has  left  Belfast  for  England,  and  the  pro project  ject project  on  the  part  of  the  company  to  lay  down  telegraphic  communication  between  this  country  and  Scotland  is  for  the  present  abandoned.—Northern  Whig.  GREAT  FOG  IN  BELFAST.—On  Friday  night  last,  and  dur during  ing during  the  early  part  of  Saturday  morning,  a  dense  fog  prevailed  in  Belfast,  so  dense  indeed,  that  the  several  steamers  appointed  to  sail  from  the  port  that  night  (including  the  Glasgow  mail  steamer)  had  not  left  on  their  voyage  at  the  time  of  our  going  to  press.—Northern  Whig  of  Saturday.  THE  WESTERN  FISHERIES.—Vast  quantities  of  herrings  and  pilchards  continue  to  be  caught  on  various  parts  of  the  coasts  of  Devon  and  Cornwall.  On  the  opposite  side  of  the  coast,  between  Teignmouth  and  Dawlish,  it  is  computed  that  no  less  than  200,000  were  enclosed  in  one  day.  THE  WEST  INDIA  AND  MEXICAN  MAILS.--SOUTHAMPTON,  FRIDAY.—The  royal  mail  company's  steam-ship  Solent,  Captain  Jellicoe,  left  this  afternoon  with  the  usual  monthly  West  India  and  Mexican  mails.  She  had  on  board  120  passengers,  amongst  whom  are  Sir  W.  Th  omas  ,  Viscomt  e  de  la  Motte,  Captain  Arbuthnot,  Dr.  Rohrbach,  and  Don  A.  Mao.  Her  specie  amounted  to  14,0001.,  and  she  had  besides  some  general  cargo.  A  TROUBLESOME  CUSTOMER.—A  drunken,  disorderly  character,  named  Charles  Cumming,  who  received  six  sue suec(  c( suec(  ssive  terms  of  imp  innment  of  a  month  each  during  the  last  year,  for  disorderly  conduct,  was,  on  Tuesday,  again  sent  to  goal  for  a  month,  for  severely  kicking  constable  Murphy  (of  the  constabulary),  and  constable  Crea  (of  the  local  force),  while  in  a  drunken  state.—Northern  TfPhig  AUDACIOUS  It  )13IIERY.—At  the  Belfast  police-court,  on  Friday,  a  young  thief,  named  Archibald  M‘Fadden,  was  brought  up,  charged  with  picking  the  pocket  of  Mr.  Adam  Hill,  the  superintendent  of  the  local  force  !  The  expert  young  rascal,  after  several  attempts  on  the  person  of  Mr.  Hill,  succeeded,  at  last,  in  depriving  him  of  his  pocket pockethandkerchief  handkerchief pockethandkerchief  on  Wednesday.  CARDINAL  WISEMAN.—The  Cardinal  has  met  with  an  accident  since  his  arrival  in  Rome,  which  has  caused  him  some  inconvenience.  The  fore  legs  of  a  chair  on  which  his  eminence  was  sitting  gave  way,  and  threw  him  upon  the  ground.  There  appears  a  letter  from  the  Rev.  Canon  Oake Oakeley,  ley, Oakeley,  in  the  Tablet  of  Saturday,  stating  that  the  cardinal  will  leave  Rome  for  home  - STYLE=superscript  immediately  after  transacting  the  business  on  which  he  went  thither,  and  on  which  he  had  consulted  with  his  chapter  before  his  departure.  THE  EARL  OF  STAMFORD  ASSAULTED.  BY  POACHERS.—  On  the  evening  of  Tuesday  last  the  Earl  of  Stamford,  while  walking  alone  in  the  neighbourhood  of  his  seat,  Enville  hall,  near  Stourbridge  heard  voices  in  one  of  his  pre  serves  ,  i  nto  which  his  lordship  ,  immediately  walked,  and  found  three  poachers,  who  made  off  on  his  approach  in  double-quick  time.  His  lordship  pursued  and  caught  one  of  the  fellows  by  the  collar,  but  was  immediately  brought  to  the  ground  by  a  heavy  blow  on  the  back  of  his  head,  which  stunned  him  for  a  the  fellows  availed  themselves  to  get  clear  off.  His  lordship,  on  recovering  nimseii,  lliauaDca  to  get  into  the  road  again,  but  was  so  disabled  from  the  effects  of  the  blow  that  he  was  obliged  to  go  into  a  cottage,  and  send  for  a  carriage  to  take  him  home.  DEATH  FROM  THE  ABUSE  OF  LAUDANUM.—Mr.  IL  Jackson,  coroner,  held  an  inouw  0  ,,  T6ursaay,  in  Carrick Carrickfergus,  fergus, Carrickfergus,  on  the_hrl7  ~r  Luc  illegitimate  ma  l  e  c  hild  o  f  a  g  i  r  l  _tam  Bradley,  residing  at  Clippertown,  near  Carrick Carrickfergus—death  fergus—death Carrickfergus—death  being  attributed  to  the  effects  of  a  quantity  of  laudanum  administered  to  the  child  on  Tuesday  last  by  its  mother.  She  had  been,  it  appeared,  in  the  habit  of  administering  the  drug  to  the  child,  and  whereas  the  doctor  had  directed  she  should  only  give  one  drop,  she  gave  between  thirty  and  forty.  The  jury  considered  the  mother  had  acted  very  wrongly,  but  without  any  evil  intention,  and  returned  a  verdict  of  death  by  Some  of  the  jurors,  who  retail  laudauum,  stated  that  parties  frequently  came  into  their  shops  and  swallowed  laudanum  in  spoonfuls.  Dr.  Forsyth  remarked,  the  medic  11  men  are  aware  of  the  alarming  extent  to  which  laudanum  was  used  in  the  locality,  but  their  influence  was  not  able  to  check  it  ;  and  he  hoped  the  present  case  would  operate  as  a  warning,  both  as  re regarded  garded regarded  children  and  adults.  PUNISHMENT  or  SHIP  DESERTION.—This  offence  seems  on  the  increase.  In  the  journals  of  the  respective  towns  on  Saturday,  we  find  the  following  cases,  the  first  occurring  in  Rothesay,  the  other  in  Belfast  :—On  Monday  last,  three  sailors,  of  the  respective  names  of  Johnson,  Henry,  and  Mead,  who  had  been  engaged  to  proceed  in  the  Trelawny  on  a  voyage  to  Jamaica,  were  brought  before  Bailie  Brown,  in  Rothesay,  charged  with  refusi  ng  ,  t  o  d  o  d  uty,or  to  proceed  on  the  voyage.  Their  grounds  of  refusal  were,  first  a  complaint  as  to  the  quality  of  provisions,  but  they  afterwards  shifted  their  ground,  and  alleged  that  the  ship  was  not  seaworthy.  Both  were  found  to  be  untenable,  and  they  were  sentenced  each  to  four  weeks'  imprisonment  in  Rothesay  gaol  with  hard  labour.  In  the  other  case,  two  seamen,  named  Robert  Bain  and  John  Thomas,  refused  to  continue  their  work,  since  Wednesday,  on  boad  the  ship,  Aliester,  Captain  Anderson,  at  present  windbound  in  this  port.  The  reason  they  assigned  for  their  re  f  usa  l  t  o  carr  y  out  their  cont  rac  t  was  ,  that  the  ship  was  not  seaworthy,  and  that  their  beds  were  in  a  wet  state  from  the  influx  of  the  sea.  They  expressed  their  {corn {cornpltee  pltee {cornpltee  satisfaction  with  the  captain  and  officers  of  the  ship,  but  refused  to  proceod  with  the  vessel  on  her  voyage.  They  were  brought  up  at  the  police-court  yesterday,  and  Mr.  Fenton,  the  presiding  magistrate,  after  hearing  the  above  facts,  and  Captain  Anderson's  refusal  to  take  the  men  again  on  board  the  ship,  said  that  whatever  complaints  they  wished  to  prefer  against  the  vessel  would  have  been  heard,  and,  if  necessary,  rectified  by  the  emigration  officer,  but  they  must  go  to  gaol  for  one  month,  fo:  the  improper  course  they  had  taken.  TRADE  AND  NAVIGATION  RETURNS.  The  official  trade  and  navigation  returns  for  the  month  end ending  ing ending  Nov.  5,  have  been  issued.  The  declared  value  of  some  of  the  principal  exports,  com compared  pared compared  with  that  for  the  same  articles  during  the  correspond corresponding  ing corresponding  month  of  last  year,  was  as  follows  1852.  -  1853.  Beer  and  Ale  £35,724  ..  £6,590  Coals  and  culm  Cotton  manufactures  1,460,483  ..  1,563,791  Cotton  yarn  .  Earthenware  83,641  ..  1112,960  Haberdashery  and  millinery  122,471  ..  259.700  Hardware  and  cutlery  Linen  manufactures  Linen  yarn  83,054  .  98,781  Machinery  152,281  ..  193,270  Metals  Silk  manufactures  61,360  ..  86,875  Silk  thrown  Soap  Wool  47,915  ..  31,513  Woollen  manufactures..:  495,081  ..  620,387  'Woollen  yarn  The  comparison  of  imports  for  the  ten  months  is  as  under  :  -  1852,  1853.  0  , STYLE=superscript  :en  Sheep  .  no.  170,931  ..  162,472  Wheat  Barley  Oats  Flour  Coffee  1b5.45,232,859  „  47,899,849  Cocoa  Flax  Currants  Guano  tons.  113,951  ..  88,691  Hemp  cwt.  840,328  ..  980,928  Oil,  palm  cwt.  80,719  ...  141,016  Potatoes  cwt.  290,738  .  ,  924,494  Bacon,  pork,  and  beef  cwt.  153,710  ..  480,664  Silk,  raw  lbs.  4,197,766  ..  4,669,495  Rum  proof  gallons.  4,600,646  ..  3,616,441  Branly  proof  gallons.  2,583,264  ..  3,909,481  Geneva  proof  gallons.  146,374  ..  266,721  Timber  loads.  1,632,609  ..  1,556,788  Tobacco  1b5.15,948,125  ..  24,643,171  Wine  gallons.  4,767,538  ..  8,535,248  Cotton  Sheep's  wool  1b5.70,336,038  .  94,045,710  The  total  declared  value  of  all  the  exports  Amounted  to  £6,168,026,  which,  as  compared  with  the  like  month  of  last  year,  shows  an  increase  £1,312,360.  SCOTCH  UNIVERSITIES.—The  Scotch  claim  to  have  representations  for  their  universities  under  the  new  Reform  Bill.  PRUSSIAN  RAILWAY.-A  letter  from  Berlin  says  :  The  government  is  at  present  having  carriages  o  f  th  e  f  ourt  h  class  built  for  all  the  railway  lines  in  order  to  have  pas passengers  sengers passengers  carried  at  the  charge  of  2  groschen  and  a  half  (28  centimes)  per  mile  (about  four  miles  English.)  This  mea-  Sure  is  altogether  in  the  interest  of  the  poorer  classes,  the  present  charge  on  the  Prussian  railways  being  double  that  sum.  THE  SMITHFIELD  CATTLE  Snow.—His  Royal  Highness  Prince  Albert  will,  as  usual,  be  an  extensive  competitor  in  the  cattle  and  pig  classes  ;  and  it  is  stated  that  Sir  Harry  Verney,  Claydon-house,  has  entered  for  exhibition  an  ox  of  Brobdignagian  proportions  ;  while  some  of  the  finest  speci specimens  mens specimens  of  Earl  Ducie's  remaining  stock  have  been  selected  for  competition.  The  judges  will  make  their  awards  this  day,  and  in  the  evening  the  private  view,  will  take  place  prior  to  the  opening  of  the  show  to  the  public  to tomorrow.  morrow. tomorrow.  EARL  FITZWILLIAM'S  ANNUAL  FAT  STOCK.  SALE.—  This  important  and  extensive  sale  of  fat  stock  took  place  at  the  farm  at  Wentworth  Woodhouse,  near  the  Yorkshire  seat  of  the  noble  earl,  on  Thursday.  The  bidding  was  so  spirited  that  in  about  half-an-hour  the  whole  were  disposed  of.  A  pen  of  five  half-bred  Southdown  wethers  was  knocked  down  to  a  Mr.  Ellis,  at  60s.  per  head  ;  and  another  pen  of  the  same  number  at  50s.  per  head.  The  other  pens  ranged  from  395.  to  48s.  per  head.  Of  the  gross  number  of  sheep,  300,  the  average  was  425.  6d.  per  head.  Two  much-admired  stall  fed  heifers  were  knocked  down,  one  for  £37  10s.  the  other  for  £35  ss.  All  the  rest  fetched  prices  varying  from  £l6  to  £25.  TIIM  RUSSIAN  STEAM-FRIGATE  WLADIMIR.—We  no noticed  ticed noticed  on  Saturday  the  contradictory  statements  from  Bucharest  and  Constantinople  respecting  the  capture  of  the  Wladimir,  a  Russian  man-of-war.  The  Wladimir  is  one  of  the  finest  and  most  powerful  steam-frigates  the  Russians  possess.  She  was  built  by  Mare  and  Co.,  of  Blackwell,  a  few  years  since,  ostensibly  as  a  yacht  for  the  Emperor;  but  a  visit  to  the  ship  soon  dissipated  the  notion  that  she  was  anything  but  a  substantial  man-of-war;  and,  although  she  had  not  any  guns  mounted,  she  nevertheless  had  a  full  arma armament  ment armament  of  08  pounders,  with  carriages,  &amp;c.,  stowed  on  board.  She  is  1,200  tons  measurement,  and  engines  of  400  horse horsepower,  power, horsepower,  by  Rennie.  PRICE  of  CORN  IN  FRANCE.—The  Moniteter  publishes  the  official  monthly  returns  of  the  price  of  corn  in  the  pin pincipail  cipail pincipail  markets  in  France.  The  highest  price  is  32f.  70c.  per  hectolitre,  in  those  of  Bergues,  Arras,  Roye,  Soissons,  Paris,  and  Rouen  ;  and  the  lowest  27f.  33c.,  in  those  of  Saint-Lo,  Paimpol,  Quimper,  Hennebon,  and  Nantes.  The  average  for  the  whole  of  France  is  29f.  97c.,  being  a  rise  of  2f.  sc.  on  the  last  return.  In  consequence  of  Vie  dearness  of  provisions  the  directors  of  the  Rouen,  Havre,  and'Dieppe  railways  have  decided  that  until  further  orders  a  monthly  allowance  shall  be  made  to  employes  whose  sala salaries  ries salaries  do  not  exceed  1,500  f.,  and  to  unmarried  ones  with  sa salaries  laries salaries  under  1,200  f.,  in  order  to  bring  down  the  price  of  their  bread  to  35c.  the  kilogramme.  MANSLAUGHTER  RY  RUSSIAN  SAILORS  AT  DEPTFORD.—  On  Friday  night  an  inquest  was  concluded  by  Mr.  Payne,  at  Guy's  Hospital,  .  respecting  the  death  of  Thomas  Brosna Brosnahan,  han, Brosnahan,  which  occurred  at  Deptford  on  the  22d  ult.,  and,  as  was  alleged,  was  caused  during  a  scuffle  with  three  Russian  seamen.  The  evidence  went  to  prove  that  on  the  night  of  Tuesday  week  some  men  were  fighting  near  Deptford  Dock  -  yard,  one  of  whom  was  the  deceased.  Two  women  were  in  their  company,  and  were  near  them  at  the  time  of  the  fight.  Brosnahan  received  a  stab  with  a  knife,  which  caused  his  death.  A  man  named  Sullivan  also  received  a  stab  during  the  scuffle.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  manslaughter  against  Henri  Gustaff  Brunel,  Andreas  Alkola,  and  Eri  Gustaff  Khronolmer  •  and  they  were  committed  for  trial  at  the  next  session  of  the  Central  Criminal  CoUrt.  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  MIDLAND  RAILWAY.  —Au  accident  occurred  on  that  part  of  the  Midland  Railway  between  Nor Normanton  manton Normanton  and  Leeds,  on  Weduesday  afternoon,  which  proved  an  obstruction  to  the  working  of  the  line  for  hours,  and  which  might  have  resulted  in  serious  effects.  A  luggage  train,  which  left  Normanton,  had  arrived  at  the  Meilley  station  of  the  line,  when  the  spindle-rod  connected  with  the  valve  snapped  in  the  centre,  and  stopped  the  progress  of  the  locomotive.  At  a  quarter  to  four  o'clock  the  3.25  pas passenger  senger passenger  train  from  Wakefield  came  up  with  the  disabled  train,  and  was  obliged  to  pull  up  in  the  rear  until  some  reparage  could  be  made.  While  still  engaged  in  this  work  there  came  up  in  quick  succession  a  luggage-train  from  Normanton,  two  coal  trains,  and  the  Midland  train  from  London  to  Leeds,  which  leaves  Derby  at  12.40  p.m.  All  these  were  obliged  to  pull  up  in  the  rear  of  the  disabled  train.  The  scene  now  became  an  exciting  one,  and  as  the  shades  of  night  were  beginning  to  fall,  an  anxious  look-out  was  kept  for  trains  due,  which  might  be  coming  up  at  the  usual  speed,  and  thus  come  into  collision  with  the  trains  brought  to  a  stand  still.  The  obstructing  luggage  train  and  its  dis disabled  abled disabled  engine  were  not  cleared  off  the  line  until  some  hours  had  elapsed,  and  the  over-due  trains  then  proceeded  on  their  journey.  Nfvvrnr  AV  —The  baoue  Meridian  left  Gravesend  on  the  4th  of  June  last,  with  cabin  passengers,  steerage  passengers,  and  a  valuable  cargo,  for  Sydney,  New  South  Wales.  Sho  WWI  a-  very  fine  vessel  of  her  class,  A  1  at  Lloyd's  for  thirteen  years,  and  only  a  year  old.  On  the  night  of  the  23rd  of  August,  a  heavy  gale  sprung  up,  and  the  captain  altered  his  course,  and  bore  up  for  the  island  of  Amsterdam  instead  of  St.  Paul's,  which  he  wished  to  sight,  in  order  to  correct  an  error  which  he  imagined  might  exist  in  his  chronometer.  The  gale  increased  the  next  day,  and  the  weather  was  very  thick,  but  the  course  steered  E.  by  S.  enabled  the  vessel  to  go  freely  before  the  wind.  A  few  minutes  before  seven  o'clock  a  sea  struck  the  vessel,  and  par partially  tially partially  inundated  the  'tween  decks,  after  which  -the  captain  ordered  the  course  to  be  altered  to  E.  About  7  p.m.,  the  ship  struck  on  the  island  of  Amsterdam.  The  captain,  upon  the  first  alarm,  rushed  up  the  poop  stairs,  and  was  swept  off  by  a  sea  almost  immediately  afterwardi.  The  situation  of  the  second  cabin  passengers  was  distressing  in  the  extreme.  Almost  as  soon  as  the  ship  struck,  large  quantities  of  water  poured  down  the  hatchways,  and  the  cabins  on  the  lee  side  of  the  'tween  decks  filled  so  fast,  that  it  was  with  the  utmost  difficulty  that  the  passengers  got  over  to  the  'starboard  side,  where  they  remained  for  more  than  two  hours  up  to  their  waists  in  water,  and  many  of  them  having  no  other  covering  than  their  night  cloth  es  .  Th  e  vessel  parted  in  two  at  the  after  hatchway.  The  poop,  however,  remained  entire,  and  afforded  some  kind  of  shel shelter  ter shelter  to  the  majority  of  the  passengers,  till  it  was  deemed  safe  to  attempt  a  passage  to  the  shore.  This  was  safely  effected  by  six  o'clock  on  the  following  morning.  For  two  nights  the  men  and  most  of  the  women  and  children  lay  down  on  the  bare  rocks,  with  no  other  covering  than  the  clothes  in  which  they  stood  upright,  but  providentially  they  had  been  supplied  as  soon  as  they  landed  with  abundance  of  new  flannel  and  red  and  blue  serge  shirts,  which  formed  part  of  the  cargo,  and  were  cast  on  shore.  On  the  third  day  after  the  wreck  a  general  move  was  made  to  a  point  about  a  third  of  a  mile  distant  from  the  Wreck,  where  it  had  been  found  practicable  to  ascend  the  cliff,  on  the  top  of  which  an  encampment  was  formed,  and  a  signal  post  erected,  with  two  red  shirts  and  some  yards  of  white  flan flannel  nel flannel  to  serve  as  a  flag.  Most  happily  for  all,  on  Monday,  Sept,  5,  when  there  was  only  cabbage  enousrh  remaining  for  a  single  day,  and  water  was  only  procurable  at  the  distance  of  a  mile,  a  distance  which  it  was  impossible  for  many  of  them  in  their  exhausted  and  emaciated  state  to  have  walked,  they  were  taken  of  by  Captain  Ludlow  of  the  American  barque  Monmouth.  On  board  of  this  vessel  they  received  every  attention  that  a  large-hearted  benevolence  could  sug suggest,  gest, suggest,  and  they  reached  Mauritius  just  three  weeks  after  they  had  h,een  . STYLE=superscript  rescued  from  a  triple  death  by  drowning,  cold,  and  starvation."
