text
"RUSSIA  The  St.  Petersburg  papers,  to  the  date  of  the  31st  Dec.  (January  11)  have  reached  us.  •  The  Invalide  liusse  publishes  the  following  extracts  &amp;Obi  Prince  Gortschakoff's  journal  of  the  military  operations  from  the  4th  to  the  14th  (16th  to  the  26th)  of  December.  During  this  period  of  time  the  operations  have  been  confined,  on  both  sides,  to  outpost  skirmishes.  On  the  9th  (21st)  of  December,  Colonel  Oklobjio  commander  of  the  detachment  of  the  advanced  guard  on  the  left  flank  of  our  position,  made  an  excursion  towards  the  village  of  Urkusta.  With  this  object  in  view  a  detachment  of  men,  -armed  with  carbines,  and  a  portion  of  the  72d  cohort  of  the  militia  of  Kalouga,  left  the  lighthouse  in  the  direction  of  that  village.  This  movement  spread  an  alarm  hi  the  whole  of  the  neighbouring  enemy's  camp.  Three  battalions  of  infantry  assembled  on  the  heights  where  the  Zouaves  are  encamped,  with  the  object  o  turning  the  right  flank  o  Colonel  Oklobjio's  detachment  ;  but  he  had,  meantime,  effected  his  retreat,  without  having  attained  his  object.  On  the  14th!  (26th)  of  Dec.,  at  five  in  the  morn morning,  ing, morning,  a  party  of  Frenchmen  covered  With  white  cloaks,  shod  with  list,  and  with  cotton  caps  on,  turned  secretly  the  left  flank  of  our  advanced  line  in  . STYLE=superscript  the  pass  leading  to  the  Baidar  valley,  attacked  the  nearest  post  at  the  point  of  the  ti  b STYLE=superscript  ayonet  without  fi  r  i  ng  a  •  shot,  and  at  the  same  me  blew  a  trumpet  signal,  upon  which  a  battalion  andi  two  squadrons,  with,  led  hares,  came  down  to  take  the  men  who  had  made  the  attack,  command;  iodf  Colonelappearance  o  k  olofbuiu  r  o  n  reserves,  th  e  side  under  ico  n  t  t  i  l  e  l  the  l'Fot-Sala,  compelled  the  e  r  n  j STYLE=superscript  e  i  m  ° STYLE=superscript  'y  to  retreat.  Two  Cossacks  and  one  soldier  'and  Smolensk STYLE=superscript  l  t STYLE=superscript  o  i STYLE=superscript  o  e STYLE=superscript  t  d  hr  e  e  Cossacksb  th  of  infantry  were  regiment  w  e  were  wounded,  The  traces  in  his  retreat,  and  th  e  left  ° STYLE=superscript  `  v  y STYLE=superscript  e  enemy  picked  up  by  the  battalions  which  left  the  heights,  prove  that  our  loss  cost  the  French  dear.  On  ue  otner  points  of  the  Crimea  nothing  of  _Glenlar  importance  hasoccurred;  ot STYLE=superscript  woriis  of  cue  enemy  on  the  south  side  of  Sebastopol  have  been  discontinued,  on  account  of  the  severe  frost  ;  in  general,  according  to  the  information  gathered,  the  Alli  es  sti  ff  er  f  romlthe  want  of  warm  Clothing,  -- STYLE=superscript  sitals  have  received  many  and,  latterly,  their  patients  with  frozen  From  Genitehi  it  is  r  (18th)  of  be.eernber  the  •  Sea)  has  been  frozen  Azar  is  froz--  ed  that  since  the  Gth  of  the  Sivash  (Putrid  ',  add  thdt  tk  Sea  of  en  to  a  et  Table  distance  from  the  The  Gazette  thus  announces  the  appointment  of  General  Luders  :  Aide-de-Camp  General  de  Ludo  rs,  charged  with  the  command  of  the  army  of  the  south,  and  of  the  marine  service  at  Nicolaieff,  is  appointed  Com Commander-iii-Chief  mander-iii-Chief Commander-iii-Chief  of  the  army  of  the  south,  and  of  the  land  and  sea  forces  in  the  Crimea,  with  all  the  rights,  powers,  and  prerogatives  enjoyed  by  the  Commander-in-Chief  of  an  army  in  time  of  war,  retaining  his  rank  of  Aide-de  Camp  General.  He  replaces  Aide-de-Camp-General  Prince  Gortschakeff  11.,  who  receives  another  appointment.  General  Soukhozanet  II:  succeeds  General  Luders  at  Nicolaieff,  under  the  order  of  General  Luders.  Aide-de-Camp-General  de  Kotzebue  11.,  chief  of  the  staff  of  the  army  of  the  south,  and  of  the  troops  in  the  Crimea,  is  appointed  Commander  of  the  sth  corps  of  Infantry,  retaining  the  dignity  Of  Aide Aided&amp;  d&amp; Aided&amp;  Camp-Genet  al.  Lieutenant-General  Nepokitchit  sky  succeeds  him  as  Chief  of  the  Staff  of  the  troops  in  the  Crimea.  The  Gazette  publishes  a  long  list  of  promotions  and  appointments.  AUSTRIA  Our  advices  from  Vienna  are  to  the  15th  instant,  and  though  they  are  silent  on  the  subject  of  the  acceptance  by  Russia  of  the  propositions  last  made  by  the  Cabiaet  of  Vienna,  they  announce  that  Count  Stackelberg  was  expected  in  that  city  on  the  following  day.  We  learn  that  all  the  Chambers  of  Trade  have  received  orders  to  send  in  their  opinions  on  the  subject  of  free  competition  in  trade.  The  official  Milan  Gazette  contains  the  following  article  :  In  the  Concordat  it  was  said  th  of  the  Roman  Catholic  religion  she  hut  nothing  more.  Besides,  now-a-days,  the  Popes  could  not,  if  they  would,  endanger  the  independence  of  States.  Let  us,  however,  suppose  the  worst  !  Let  us  suppose  that  the  clergy,  by  means  of  book  and  ban,  should  endeavour  to  over overcome  come overcome  the  bayonet  and  the  administrative  organiza organization,  tion, organization,  would  the  attempt  succeed?  We  doubt  it  !  For  ecclesiastical  authority  can  effect  little  if  justice  is  not  with  it,  and  the  people  behind  it  !  The  times  are  past  in  which  a  clerical  ordinance  or  the  stake,  could  annihilate  a  book,  or  an  idea.  The  press  can  produce  thousands  and  thousands  of  copies  of  a  work,  and  if  it  is  suppressed  in  one  place  it  is  sure  to  appear  in  another.  As  the  dungeon  and  the  rack  cannot  now  be  weapons  in  the  hands  of-the  Church,  thoughts  must  in  future  be  combated  by  thoughts,  and  arguments  by  arguments.  ,t  the  privileges  ild  be  inviolate.  The  foregoing  extract  will  suffice  to  prove  that  the  arbitrary  measures  of  the  Italian  bishops  have  given  great  offence  in  the  most  influential  non nonecclesiastical  ecclesiastical nonecclesiastical  circles.  The  Bohemian  bishops,  in  one  and  the  same  pasto  - STYLE=superscript  ral  letter,  assure  their  flocks  that  the  conclusion  of  the  Concordat  was  .  a  great  triumph  for  all  true  Catholics,  but  the  Bohemians  are  still  incredulous.  The  mixed  question  has  already  brought  the  Hungarian  bishops  into  the  field.  A  Catholic  was  about  to  marry  a  Protestant  girl,  and  the  latter  wished  to  have  the  nuptial  ceremony  performed  by  a  clergy clergyman  man clergyman  of  her  own  Church.  The  Catholic  priest,  however,  refused  to  give  the  bridegroom  a  certificate  that  the  banns  had  been  regularly  published,  because  be  had  received  the  following  instructions  from  his  bishop  :  By  the  recently  concluded  Concordat,  all  laws  and  ordinances  which  are  opposed  to  the  same  are  annulled,  and  therefore  it  cannot  be  doubted  that  a  Catholic  bridegroom  can  only  be  married  .  in  the  manner  prescribed  by  the  Council  of  Trent,  that  is,  in  a  Catholic  Church.  Should  a  Catholic  bride.  groom  be  induced  by  love  to  dare  enter  into  a  matrimonial  engagenient  in  open  contempt  of  the  canonical  laws,  he  would  be  guilty  of  an  unlawful  and  impious  (illicitunt  et  implant)  act,  and  the  neces necessary  sary necessary  conditions  to  a  legal  matrimonial  union  would  be  -wanting  NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY,  JANUARY  21,  1850.  THE  RUGELEY  POISONING  CASES.  (FROM  OUR  GIVN  REPORTER:)  STAFFORD,  SUNDAI'  Palmer  was  taken  to  London  this  morning,  in  order  to  be  in  attendance  as  a  witness,  in  a  cause  appointed  to  be  tried  to-morrow  (Monday),  at  Westminster-hall,  in  which  the  validity  of  an  acceptance  in  the  name  of  his  mother,  is  involved.  He  was  apparently  in  good  health  and  spirits,  but  complains  of  the  many  which  have  gone  forth  to  his  prejudice.  His  brother,  who  is  a  clergyman  in  the  Midland  Counties,  and  much  esteemed,  came  to  Stafford  on  Saturday  to  visit  him,  and  to  afford  him  the  benefit  of  his  advice.  It  is  expected  that  Palmer  will  state,  on  the  trial  at  Westminster-hall,  that  the  acceptances  are  by  the  authority  of  his  mother  ;  but,  if  he  even  admitted  his  own  criminality  as  to  them,  no  proceedings  could  be'  founded  on  such  admissions,  as  they  are  by  a  recent  act  of  parliament  for  the  administration  ofjastice  iu  suits  at  law.  A  represen representation  tation representation  as  to  the  conduct  of  the  Coroner,  has  been  made  to  the  Secretary  of  State,  and  confidence  is  felt  that  he  will  interfere,  it  he  has  the  power  to  do  so.  The  deceased  Walter  Palmer  was  in  business  a  few  years  since  as  a  corn  broker,  and  was  well  known  at  the  Liver Liver-12.0,0l  -12.0,0l Liver-12.0,0l  and  Stafford  'Changes;  he  was  what  is  termed  a  fast  man,  mixing  with  some  of  the  junior  mercantile  until  his  bankruptcy.  The  bail  of  only  £5O  for  Cheshire,  the  postmaster,  has  excited  some  sus suspicion  picion suspicion  on  account  of  its  smallness.  He  argues  confidently  on  the  fact  of  the  letter  being  opened  when  received  by  him.  It  is  understood  that  many  facts  could  be  laid  be before  fore before  the  jury,  if  those  connected  with  the  turf  would  but  make  it  a  matter  of  duty  to  come  forward,  as  they  ought,  to  state  them.  The  local  authorities  who  have  the  exclu exclusive  sive exclusive  conduct  of  the  matter,  without  any  aid,  or  occasion  for,  the  socalled  London  detectives,  find  much  difficulty  in  getting  at  facts,  such  is  the  extent  of  the  Palmer  influence,  and  the  obliviousness  to  their  duty  of  those  in  the  locality.  With  regard  of  Palmer's  appearance  in  court  to-day,  the  following  regulations  have  been  agreed  to  :—That  the  police  assemble  at  ten  o'clock,  the  hour  the  various  courts  open,  and  remain  in  attendance  until  the  termination  of  the  proceedings.  That  Palmer  be  brought  to  the  court  between  ten  and  eleven  o'clock,  that  he  shall  not  enter  by  men  on  the  ordinary  way,  but  by  the  judges'  private  entrance  ;  and  that  he  shall  remain  in  the  judges'  private  room  until  he  is  called  to  give  evidence.  That  immediately  upon  the  case  being  over,  Palmer  shall  be  conducted  through  the  private  apartments  to  ,a  vehicle  in'waiting,  and  that  he  shall  be  conveyed  immediately  to  Euston-square  station,  to  return  to  Stafford  by  the  first  available  train.  THE  INS  URANC  ES.—The  following  narrative  of  the  inter interviews  views interviews  with  the  prisoner  and  his  deceased  brother  Walter  Palmer,  with  reference  to  the  policy  on  the  life  of  the  latter  with  the  Gresham  Insurance  office,  is  given  by  Mr.  Farren,  the  actuary  and  secretary  of  that  company:—lt  appears  that  the  proposal  for  insuring  the  life  of  Walter  Palmer  for  £15,000  was  left  at  the  offices  of  the  company  by  a  person  who  was  not  known  there.  It  was  stated  in  the  proposal  paper  that  Walter  Palmer  had  suffered  from  one  attack  of  delirium  tremens;  that  he  was  unmarried  ;  that  his  general  health  was  good,  and  that  he  was  not  then  addicted  to  habits  of  intemperance.  Mr.  Farren,  thinking  the  proposal  for  insurance  a  peculiar  one,  required  that  Walter  Palmer  should  attend  in  London  and  be  exa.  mined  by  their  own  medical  man.  He  also  directed  an  inquiry  to  be  made  at  Rugeley  as  to  his  habits  of  life.  A  communcation  was,  in  consequence,  made  to  the  office  by  Mr.  Fawke,  a  respectable  chemist  and  druggist  residing  in  Rugelev—"
