text
"CONCEALMENT  OF  BIRTH  AT  WLNDLE.  An  unmarried  female,  named  Jane  Young,  was  charged  with  concealing  the  birth  of  her  child,  under  the  following  eireninstances  the  21st  September,  in  the  panel.  et  Pocket.nook,  near  Windle,  the  feet  of  a  l  child  were  qb,seTve4  on  the  top  of  the  water.  It  was  taken  out,  and  a  piece  of  tape  was  found  to  be  tied  round  the  child's  neck,  to  the  end  of  which  was  a  bag  containing  stones.  There  was  also  a  rag  over  the  child's  mouth.  The  prisoner  was  perceived  to  be  'pregnant  about  that  time,  and  it  was  supposed  she  had  se secretly  cretly secretly  delivered  herself.  _  _  Mr,  Stilox,  for  the  prosecution,  endeavoured  to  make  a  connection  between  the  prismier  and  the  offence.  His  Loitnsmi  :considered  that  there  was  an  insuperable  difficulty  in  bringing  the  connection  to  the  prisoner.  A  verdict  of  not  guilty  was  returned.  BRUTAL  ASAULT  AT  Mnicryv  Denis  Dena  and  John  1  4 STYLE=superscript  latterty  were  indicted  for  violently  assaulting  John  Colley.  It  appeared  as  the  prosecutor,  ac accompanied  companied accompanied  by  a  friend,  was  proceeding  home  to  Mossley,  a  village  about  three  miles  lion}Asliten7uncler;l4y  - STYLE=superscript  ne,  'they  went  into  a  public-house  called  the  Heroes  of  Waterloo,'  to  get  some  drink,  and  there  met  with  the  prisoners.  The  prisonerDenee  was  quarrelling  with  a  person  about  the  militia,  and  the  prosecutor  Colley  interfered,  and  was  most  brutally  set  upon  and  assaulted  by  the  prisoners,  Denee  using  a  belt  and  Flaherty  n  poker.  The  prosecutor  was  an  41.  1  1,  rernoyed  in  a  state  of  insensibility,  l!tith  several'  ants  on  his  head,  one  penetrating  to  the  bone,  and  a  broken  arm.  WHEELER  prosecuted.  His  LORDSHIP  remarked  that  it  was  one  of  the  most  ntrocious  assaults  ever  brought  into  a  court  of  justice,  The  jury  after  a  short'  eensultation  i  xetiirned  a  verdiet  of  guilty  of  intent  to  do  some  grieVous  bodily  harm.  His  lordship  said,  that  as  there  were  so  many  cases  of  that  serious  character,  Baron  Alderson  would  sentence  all  ;  and  he  could  tell  them  there  would  be  a  heavy  punishment.  CHARGE  OF  MURDER.  Pi4  , STYLE=superscript  l4etA  Cunit  was  charged  with  the  murder  of  her  dauglater,  .4.liee  Hannah  Outilifre,  ht  Rairelistall,  neo'r  Burn Burnley.  ley. Burnley.  'The  surgeon  of  the  Kirkdale  gaid,  Mr.  Chaloner,  and  a  surgeon  from  Rawenstall,  considered  she  was  in  an  unsound  state  of  mind.  His  LORDSHIP  said  the  unhappy  person  would  be  kept  in  custod  until  her  Majesty's  pleasure  shall  be  known.  In  f  e  course  of  the  day's  proceedings,  his  lordship  cora,  mente  ilP(11  thelriSiiffleient  arrangement  for  bringing  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  froM  Itirkdare  gaol  with  dispatch,  as  were  it  other otherwise,  wise, otherwise,  the  buSines  of  the  court  might  have  been  closed  to-day.  The  Court  adjourned  at  six  o'clock  till  nine  o'clock  this  morning.  Lynn  is  constituted  a  Port,  and  obtains  all  the  privileges  attached  to  it.  HARDWARE  AND  CUTLERY.  —There  is  a  great  in increase  crease increase  in  hardware  and  cutlery  as  exported.  The  value  of  such  articles  exported  between  January  and  November  was  22,991,636.  ArrEmprEn  SUICIDE.—On  the  afternoon  of  Saturday  last,  two  sisters  and  their  mother  quarrelled  .  when  the  poi*  wee  called  in;  While  the  of  was  advising  he  dispu disputants  tants disputants  to  agree  amongst  themselves,  one  s STYLE=superscript  of  thefemales  named  Catherine  Sutherland  or  Wilson,  who  was  very  much  the  worse  of  liquor  at  the  time,  seized  upon  a  razor  and  in inflicted  flicted inflicted  a  wound  on  her  throat.  She  was  about  to  inflict  a  second  wound,  when  the  constable  arrested  her  hand,  and  I  with  some  difficulty  got  the  razor  out  of  her  grasp.—N.  .8.  '"
