text
"THE  CASE  OF  MISS  CUNNINGHAME,  The  Turin  correspondent  of  the  Times,  writing  on  the  12th  instant,  says  My  letters  from  Florence  say  that  when  it  was  notified  to  Miss  Cunninghame,  at  Lucca,  on  Monday  morning  last,  that  the  Grand  Duke  had  given  an  order  for  her  release,  she  positively  refused  to  leave  the  prison  on  an  act  of  grace,  as  she  said  she  had  been  impri imprisoned  soned imprisoned  a  month  without  being  brought  to  trial,  and  her  ad advocate  vocate advocate  had  told  her  that  no  verdict  could  be  obtained  against  her,  as  she  had  not  transgressed  the  law,  and  therefore  she  would  not  go  out  until  she  had  seen  him.  In  the  evening  it  was  announced  to  her  very  civilly  that  go  she  must.  She  still  refused,  and  then  she  was  told  that  if  she  did  not  go  freely,  she  would  be  carried  out  by  force,  upon  which  she  replied,  Give  me  that  in  writing,  and  I  will  They  did  so,  and  accordingly  out  she  went.  Report  says,  the  tracts  for  the  distribution  of  which  she  was  imprisoned  were  not  of  a  character  to  implicate  her  in  any  attempt  to  prose proselytize,  lytize, proselytize,  or  even  bring  the  Roman  Catholic  Religion  into  ?ontempt  ;  and  moreover,  that  an  ecclesiastical  council  had  examined  them  at  Lucca,  and  could  find  no  evidence  in  them  against  her.  I  hear  also  that  her  advocate  told  her  she  could  make  no  resistance  to  the  royal  will,  and  must  accept  her  release  ;  but  that  he  was  very  sorry  for  it,  as  he  felt  that  he  had  a  good  case.  It  is  difficult  now  to  arrive  at  the  whole  truth,  which  will  most  likely  be  made  public  when  parliament  meets.  IRELAND  (PROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  THURSDAY  SUFFERERS  BY  THE  LATE  COLLISION.-  inquest  was  held  yesterday,  at  Stevens's  Hotel,  on  the  body  of  Miss  Pack.  The  evidence  was  merely  confined  to  identi identification,  fication, identification,  and  to  the  nature  of  the  wounds  which  caused  death.  The  deceased  was  about  35  years  of  age,  and  sister-in-law  of  the  Rev.  W.  Woods,  of  Prospect,  King's  County.  The  resident  surgeon  deposed  that  death  ensued  from  into  the  air-cells  and  bronchical  subsequent  to  erysi erysipelas  pelas erysipelas  and  dysentery.  The  following  was  the  verdict  :  find  that  Miss  Emma  Pack  came  by  her  death  from  the  effects  of  injuries  which  she  received  in  a  collision  of  trains  on  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway,  on  the  sth  inst.,  at  Clownings,  in  the  County  of  Miss  Farrell,  another  sufferer  in  the  hospital,  is  progressing  favor favorably;  ably; favorably;  but  it  is  feared  that  Esther  Coffey  will  never  completely  recover.  Mrs.  Blacker  is  still  hovering  between  life  and  death.  FATAL  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  KINGSTON  7  13  7  LN...  Michael  Staunton,  who  was  killed  on  the  previous  eveiiin  at  Kingstown.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  that  on  th  arrival  of  the  six  o'clock  train,  the  deceased,  who  was  a  passenger,  got  out  at  the  wrong  side,  and  whilst  crossing  the  adjoining  rails  was  overtaken  by  the  engine,  which,  having  been  turned  on  the  turn-table,  was  coming  back.  The  fol following  lowing following  verdict  was  agreed  to  We  find  that  the  said  Michael  Staunton,  on  the  18th  inst.,  was  accidently  killed  at  the  Kingstown  terminus  of  the  Dublin  and  Kingstown  Railway,  by  the  'Burgoyne'  engine  passing  over  his  legs,  and  also  that  there  is  no  blame  to  be  attached  to  either  the  driver  or  the  UNrvEnsiTy  Apponsrminsrr.—Dr.  W.  T.  C.  Thomson,  of  Aberdeen,  has  heen  appointed  Professor  of  N  a  t  ura  l  History  to  the  Queen's  College,  Cork,  instead  of  William  Hincks,  Esq.,  F.  L  S.,  who  has  accepted  a  professorship  at  Toronto.  The  appointment  will  no  doubt  be  an  unpopular  one,  as  this  is  the  second  vacancy  in  the  Queen's  University  which  has  been  filled  up  by  a  Scotch  importation.  It  is  besides  doubtful  whether  those  Government  appointments  are  legal,  as  it  was  originally  understood  that  all  the  professorships,  after  the  first,  should  be  filled  by  an  examination  of  can candidates.  didates. candidates.  _  .  RAI  LWAY.-  ....  41...  1..  a-,  .  t  MAYNOOTH  COMMISSION.—The  commissioners  have  al already  ready already  spent  upwards  of  one  month  continuously  in  inquiring  into  the  several  matters  within  the  scope  of  their  com commission.  mission. commission.  They  have  not,  we  understand  confined  their  ex examination  amination examination  to  witnesses  who,  from  their  present  and  past  con connexion  nexion connexion  with  St.  Patrick's  College,  might  be  supposed  to  be  prejudiced  in  favour,  of  its  system,  but  have  sought  for  in information  formation information  and  suggestions  from  several  independent  sources.  We  understand  that  after  a  few  more  meetings  the  commis commissioners  sioners commissioners  will  adjourn  for  the  purpose  of  considering  and  di digesting  gesting digesting  the  mass  of  evidence  which  they  have  accumulated  on  the  several  heads  of  their  inquiry,  and  that  in  December  they  will  meet  again  to  investigate  further,  if  necessary,  and  canvass  their  report.  A  VICEREGAL  VlSlTOR.—Yesterday,  at  Capel-street  police policeoffice,  office, policeoffice,  Captain  Winter,  of  the  17th  Lancers,  and  some  other  officers  of  the  Lord  Lieutenant's  household,  attended  at  this  court  this  morning,  and  stated  that  on  the  previous  evening,  between  the  hours  of  eleven  and  twelve  o'clock,  the  Lord  Lieutenant  and  the  Countess  of  St.  Germains  were  sitting  in  the  drawing-room  of  the  Viceregal  Lodge,  when  a  man  walked  in  and  sat  down  quite  deliberately.  The  Lord  Lieutenant  and  Lady  St.  Germains  being  rather  surprised,  his  Excellency  addressed  the  intruder,  and  asked  how  he  came  there,  and  what  his  business  was  ;  to  Which  be  replied  that  he  came  in  at  the  front  door,  and  that  he  wanted  to  have  an  interview  with  his  Excellency.  After  some  inter interrogateries,  rogateries, interrogateries,  it  appeared  that  he  was  the  Rev.  Henry  Stannard,  who  evidently  was  in  a  state  of  unsound  mind,  but  ap apparently  parently apparently  not  dangerous.  The  police  having  been  called,  he  was  removed  to  the  station  house  at  Bridewell-lane  '  where  he  remained  all  night;  but  strange  to  say  he  effected  his  escape  front  the  police  station  about  eight  o'clock  this  morning.  Captain  Winter  stated  that  his  Excellency  did  not  desire  to  take  any  harsh  proceedings,  but  merely  wished  that  steps  should  be  taken  that  might  prevent  a  re recurrence  currence recurrence  of  a  visit  of  a  similar  kind  to  the  Viceregal  Lodge.  A  warrant  was  then  issued  for  the  apprehension  of  the  gentleman.  THE  INCOME  TAX.—The  .Evening  Mail  of  last  night  has  the  following  complaint  if  for  the  purpose  of  marking,  in  the  minutest  detail,  the  dishonest  nature  of  this  odious  impost,  a  plan  has  been  devised  which,  if  not  successfully  resisted,  will  make  the  tax  highly  productive.  A  notice  containing  a  copy  of  schedule  D,  was  served  at  our  office  YESTERDAY,  bearing  date  the  first  of  October,  and  requiring  the  schedule  to  be  filled  and  returned  within  twenty-one  days  from  the  date.  If  this  be  not  done,  a  penalty  of  201.  will  be  incurred,  and  the  tax  will  be  trebled.  That  is,  in  fact,  the  notice  has  been  withheld  by'  the  surveyor,  who  signs  himself  John  Gilbert,  for  eighteen  days  after  it  ought  to  have  been  served,  and  the  twenty-one  days  professed  to  be  allowed  for  the  difficult  operation  of  filling  a  complicated  and  novel  return  is  diminished  in  our  own  particular  case  to  three  I  may  mention  that  a  large  number  of  people  have  even,  as  yet,  received  no  returns  to  fill  up  at  all,  so  that  the  new  office  bids  fair  to  be  characterised  by  the  same  blundering  and  mismanagement,  which  affects  every  public  establishment  in  Dublin,  from.  the  drainage  commissioners  to  the  post-office.  CORN  AND  YOUGHAL  RAILWAY.—A  meeting  of  the  landed  proprietors  and  rate-payers  of  the  baronies  of  Kin Kinnatalloon,  natalloon, Kinnatalloon,  Imokilly,  Fermoy,  Condons,  Congibibbons,  and  Barrymore,  was  held  at  the  Court-house  of  Diddleton  on  Saturday.  The  object  of  the  meeting,  asstated  in  the  requi requisition  sition requisition  by  which  it  was  convened,  was  to  consider  the  pro propriety  priety propriety  of  granting  a  baronial  guarantee  in  aid  of  the  con construction  struction construction  of  a  railway  from  the  city  of  Cork  to  the  towns  of  Middleton  and  Youghal,  with  branches  of  such  railway  to  Queenstown  and  Fermoy.  The  meeting  after  a  prolonged  discussion,  decided  against  the  guarantee.  HomiciDE.—The  Silkehny  Moderator  of  last  night  con contains  tains contains  the  following  :  Yesterday  morning  the  buffoon  of  a  penny  theatre  at  present  pitched  on  the  Parade  in  this  city,  and  whose  name  was  Henry  Rowan,  was  found  dead  in  his  bed  at  his  lodgings  in  Walkin-steeet.  The  man  had  gone  through  his  usual  performance  at  the  theatre  on  the  previous  night,  without  making  any  complaint,  but  he  had  been  suf suffering  fering suffering  much  for  the  last  three  weeks  from  the  effects  of  a  blow  received  in  a  row  in  a  public-house  at  New  Ross.  al alleged  leged alleged  to  have  been  inflicted  by  the  belt  of  a  soldier  of  the  624  Regiment,  named  Reilly,  then  on  detatchment  in  Ross,  but  at  present  in  this  garrison.  It  is  supposedthat  Rowan's  skull  had  been  fractured  by  the  blow.  moved  the  following  r  opinion  that  it  is  highly  prejudicial  to  the  interests  of  th  company  that  it  should  be  confined  in  the  selection  of  its  directors  to  the  limited  number  of  shareholders  who  have  held  the  requisite  number  of  shares  for  six  consecutive  months  befere  the  time  of  election;  and  that  the  directors  be  requested  to  hand  a  copy  of  this  resolution  to  the  right  honourable  the  President  of  the  Board  of  Trade,  and  to  make  an  immediate  and  urgent  application  to  him  for  his  consent  to  the  application  of  the  company  for  a  reduction  of  such  required  period  of  tenure  to  ten  days,  and  to  an  alteration  of  the  existing  provisions  of  the  deed  of  settlement  to  that  extent  ;  and  that,  if  such  consent  be  given,  a  further  meeting  of  shareholders  be  convened  with  all  possible  expe expedition,  dition, expedition,  for  the  purpose  of  reducing  the  prescribed  period  of  tenure  of  the  election  of  director  from  six  months  to  ten  days  next  preceding  his  election,  and  IC  altering  the  deed  of  sett'  Mr.  SHEPHERD  seco.  [ement  nec  The  CHAIRM  AN  said  the  next  r  submit  to  the  meeting  v  the  company  be  reduced  from  twelve  to  a  number  now  to  be  determined  That  number  the  directors  had  not  thought  it  desirable  to  name;  bid  if  the  opinion  of  the  board  should  be  asked,  he  might  state  that  the  number  of  directors  they  would  recommend  would  be  seven  ;  and  he  proposed  to  introduce  that  number  into  the  resolution,  un unless  less unless  there  should  be  a  manifest  declaration  to  the  contrary  on  the  part  of  the  shareholders  (hear,  hear).  Several  amendments  were  proposed,  but  ultimately  the  Chairman's  resolution  was  carried.  Mr.  VANCE  then  proposed  a  resolution  to  the  effect  that  the  directors  be  entrusted,  in  the  future  conduct  of  the  affairs  of  the  company,  to  act  with  a  view  to  the  eventual  realisation  of  its  assets,  at  such  places  and  times,  and  in  such  manner,  as  the  directors  may  think  best  calculated  to  prevent  the  sacrifice  of  the  property  of  the  company.  _._.  (Hear,  hear.)  Captain  COFFIN  seconded  the  resolution  n  rnanltltl  All  which  was  supported  by  the  chairman  and  some  of  the  di directors,  rectors, directors,  but  was  opposed  by  several  shareholderr  as  super superfluous,  fluous, superfluous,  and  ultimately  withdrawn.  A  motion  proposed  by  Mr.  HAIVES,  to  alter  the  mode  of  voting  in  accordance  with  the  Lands  Clauses  Consolidation,  was  also  withdrawn,  after  a  warm  and  acrimonious  discus discussion,  sion, discussion,  and  after  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman  the  proceed proceedina's  ina's proceedina's  terminated.  NOVELTY  IN  PLATE.—We  have  pleasure  in  di directing  recting directing  attention  to  a  pair  of  Fruit  Stands,  designed  and  manufactured  by  Mr.  Flower,  No.  8,  Bold-street,  in  whose  window  they  are  now  exhibited.  They  are  composed  of  the  legs  of  a  noble  Eagle,  shot  in  Ireland  by  a  gentleman  of  this  town  ;  each  claw  rests  upon  a  finely  executed  rocky  base  of  silver,  and  each  leg  is  surmounted  by  a  beautifully  cut  .ass  bowl,  resting  in  a  silver  feathery  capital  of  exquisite  workmanship.  We  have  seen  nothing  of  the  kind  in  finer  taste  as  to  the  design,  or  better  performed  as  to  the  workmanship.  NEW  ITALIAN  CHURCH  IN  LONDON.—It  iS  said  that  a  Roman  Catholic  church,  for  the  benefit  of  Italians  and  other  foreigners  in  London,  will  be  immediately  erected  on  a  site  recently  purchased  in  Hatton-garden.  The  new  church  will  be  of  very  large  proportions,  and  in  the  purest  Italian  style,  and  a  body  of  Priests,  .representing  every  Tna Tnation  tion Tnation  in  Europe,  will  be  attached  to  it.  T  HE  SIIIP-BUILDING  TRADES.—Owing  to  the  launches  and  completion  of  a  number  of  vessels  on  Clyde,  lately,  and  a  paucity  of  fresh  orders,  the  shipbuilders  find  that  now  s  canget  plenty  of  men.  A  reduction  in  the  amongst  carpenters,  j  o  i  ners  ,  r  i  ve  tt  ers  ,  &amp;  c  .,  e  to STYLE=superscript  r  hf STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  fi  a STYLE=superscript  re  being  looked  forward  to.  This  will  enable  our  irsslaititpehbuilders  to  compete  more  effectually  with  other  ports  in  the  way  of  contracts.—Glasgow  Constitutional.  THE  CAMP  AT  CHOBHAM.—Dr.  Grant,  of  South Southwark,  wark, Southwark,  in  a  pastoral  letter  which  he  has  recently  addressed  to  .the:Roman  Catholic  laity  of  his  district,  states  that  during  the  late  encampment  at  Chobham,  several  of  the  clergy,  both  regular  and  secular,  devoted  themselves  to  the  spiri spiritual  tual spiritual  charge  of  the  Irish  soldiers  quartered  there.  altar  and  a  he  says,  were  furnished  by  two  Ca Catholics,  tholics, Catholics,  and  even  some  officers  sought  the  honour  of  serving  MUTINY  ON  BOARD  THE  QUEEN  OF  THE  tElGN.—Wednesday  being  appointed  for  .  the  reading  over  and  translating  the  voluminous  depositions  taken  before  Mr.  Yardley  in  this  complicated  and  difficult  case,  all  the  accused  were  formally  arraigned  in  the  dock—Ahalt  and  Ali,  two  Malays,  for  assaulting  and  wounding  Mr.  William  Burford  Treatt;the  chief-mate  of  the  Queen  of  the  Teign,  with  in intent  tent intent  to  murder  him  •  and  Captain  William  Tapley  Stoke,  the  master  of  the  Queen  of  the  Teign,  and  William  North Northcote  cote Northcote  and  Thomas  Goldsworthy,  English  seamen,  for  man•  slaughter,  in  killing  and  slaying  five  Lascars,  during  the  disturbance  on  board  on  the  22nd  of  July  last.  Mr.  Jarman,  of  the  Treasury  Solicitor's-office,  attended  on  the  part  of  the  Crown  ;  Mr.  Humphreys,  solicitor,  for  the  European  priso prisoners.  ners. prisoners.  Mr.  Denison  again  acted  as  interpreter  in  the  Malay  language  ;  and  Seaman,  an  ex-police  constable  of  the  H  .division,  officiated  as  interpreter  in  the  Hindostanee  lan language.  guage. language.  Mr.  Yardley  committed  Ahalt  and  Ali  to  Newgate  for  trial,  and  bound  over  the  witnesses  to  prosecute  and  give  evidence  in  the  usual  manner.  The  Europeans  were  then  arraigned  for  manslaughter.  Mr.  Yardley  committed  Captain  Stooke,  Northcote,  and  Goldsworthy  for  trial  for  manslaugh manslaughter,  ter, manslaughter,  and  took  bail  for  their  appearance  at  the  sessions,  as  before,  and  they  were  set  at  liberty.  GREAT  SALE  OF  ROYAL  FARMING  STOCK.—  On  Tuesday,  the  annual  selection  of  live  stock,  the  property  of  his  Royal  Highness  the  Prince  Consort,  was  sold  by  auction,  at  Norfolk  Farm,  by  Messrs.  Buckland  and  Son,  and  attrac attracted  ted attracted  a  large  attendance  of  butchers,  graziers,  and  others.  First  in  order  of  sale  were  the  pigs,  which  realized  very  high  prices,  comparatively  small  hogs  making  from  £5  to  £6  each.  A  young  boar,  of  the  Windsor  breed,  was  knocked  down  for  £4  Bs.  One  or  two  breeding  sows  also  fetched  £5  17s.  6d.  each.  The  pigs  realize  a  d.  nal,t,  2oggu  thh7oniLe2-bOrOeod.  The  sheep  consisted  of  420  fat  southaw  ewes  and  lambs,  with  several  rams.  The  whole  were  dis disposed  posed disposed  of  at  good  but  not  exorbit  int  prices.  The  cattle  con consisted  sisted consisted  of  a  remarkably  fine  Hereford  ox,  intended  for  the  Smithfiold  show,  R  1  superior  fat  oxen  and  heifers,  10  fine  short-horns,  fit  for  stalling,  19  steers  and  heifers,  six  short  horned  heifers  and  cows,  and  two  pure-bred  young  bulls.  The  dairy  cows  ranged  from  £l4  15s.  to  £l6  10s.,  the  fat  cows  and  heifers  from  £l5  to  £22  10s.  The  Hereford  ox  (fed  on  cake  and  meal)  was  rually  a  splendid  animal,  and  realized  the  large  sum  of  £46.  Thu  fat  short  horned  oxen  varied  from  £lB  10s.  to  £2B  each,  the  flee-year-old  Scots  from  £l5  to  £l7,  and  the  four-year-olds  from  £lO  to  £l2  10s.  The  fat  Devons  ranged  from  £l7  to  £24  10s.  two-year-old  short-horned  1;u11  was  knocked  down  for  M  5;  an  Alderney  bull  of  the  same  age  fetched  about  half  the  money.  The  total  proceeds  of  the  sale  were  nearly  £4OOO.  We  might  add  that,  since  last  year,  great  improvements  have  been  made  in  the  yards  and  premises  attached  to  Nor Norfolk  folk Norfolk  Farm,  and  the  arrangements  for  the  accommodation  of  the  company  were  very  complete.  We  perceive  that  Mr.  W.  Williams,  the  well  known  estate  agent  has  opened  an  additional  office  in  the  New  Range,  in  Hackins-hey,  one  of  the  most  central  situations  in  Liverpool.  This  will  be  a  great  convenience  to  any  one  wishing  to  buy  or  sell  property,  as  well  as  to  those  I  who  may  be  in  want  of  houses  to  occupy,  as  Mr.  Williams  has  always  a  list  for  public  inspection."
