text
"GEELONG  GOLD  CIRCULAR.  The  price  has  risen  slightly  during  the  week;  at  the  pre present  sent present  date  it  is  quoted  at  765.  7d.  It  has  been  very  much  in  demand  by  the  merchants,  for  remittance,  at  that  figure.  It  is  supposed  that  for  the  three  months  that  must  elapse  before  au  export  duty  is  laid  on,  that  the  price  will  rise  and  fall  by  every  vessel  on  the  point  of  sailing,  as  at  the  above  rate  the  banks  are  not  operating,  and  the  rise  at  present  ascribed  solely  to  the  merchant.  The  supply  has  been  pretty  good,  but  not  not  equal  to  the  demand.  Everything  is  reported  quiet  at  the  diggings.  The  seem seeming  ing seeming  disposition  now  on  the  part  of  the  government  to  give  the  diggers'  case  the  fullest  consideration,  has  soothed,  to  a  great  extent,  their  late  excited  and  angry  tone.  The  amount  of  licence  exacted  in  the  meantime  (X  2  for  the  three  months)  cannot  be  considered  any  hardship  ;  but  it  will  be  found  that  the  late  threatening  attitude  of  the  diggers  did  not  proceed  so  much  from  a  determination  to  have  the  tax  lightened,  as  to  get  rid  of  that  disgraceful,  degrading  state  they  were  held  in,  by  the  arbitrary  officials  on  the  ground.  The  Mount  Alexander  quarter  is  decidedly  improving,  as  the  escorts  from  thence,  lately,  will  show.  Ballaret  is  getting  a  large  population,  attracted  by  the  late  extravagant  finds.  A  good  many  are  making  handsome  fortunes—a  great  many  doing  little  or  nothing.  Some  large  lots  of  gold  have  been  brought  to  town  by  private  hand,  and  the  greater  part  of  the  gold  sold  is  found  to  be  independent  of  the  escort.  Since  last  circular,  there  has  arrived  by  escort  as  follows.  Castlemaine  Escort  ..41,681  ozs.  Ballarat  do  13,615  Mount  31‘Ivor  do  Total...  68,856  ozs.  Exchange  on  London.—The  Banks  at  present  buy  at  par  and  sell  at  two  per  cent.  premium.  Freight  of  gold  deli delivered  vered delivered  in  London,  41  per  oz.  Insurance  of  ditto,  21  guineas  per  cent.  Wx.  PATERSON.  Sardinia  Street.  ACCIDENT  TO  THE  —On  Friday  morning,  after  some  temporary  repairs  were  executed  on  board  this  ship  she  was  got  into  the  Bramley-Moore  dock.  After  the  leak  in  the  bow  was  stopped  the  pumps  were  able  to  keep  her  free  from  above  30  Inches  of  water.  SOUTH  AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  OLINDA.  The  Brazilian  screw  steamer  Olinda,  Captain  Haram,  has  arrived  at  Cork,  and  her  mails  were  received  here  on  Saturday  morning.  The  delay  in  her  arrival  has  been  caused  by  a  slight  derange derangement  ment derangement  in  her  machinery,  and  a  detention  of  five  days  in  quarantine  at  Lisbon.  She  left  Monte  Video  on  the  4th,  Rio  Janerio  on  the  13th,  Bahia  the  18th,  Pernambuco  the  20th,  St.  Vincent  the  29th  ult.,  and  Lisbon  on  the  Bth  inst.  She  brings  dates  from  Buenos  Ayres  to  the  29th  October,  43  passengers,  and  £7,726  in  specie.  On  the  Bth  December  the  Olinda  passed  the  British  squadron  of  six  sail  near  Lisbon.  From  the  Buenos  Ayres  British  Packet,  we  learn  that  after  a  rather  protracted  term  of  oscillations,  the  ministry  was  definitely  arranged  on  the  19th  October,  in  the  following  form  :  Dr.  Irineo  Portela,  for  government  and  foreign  affairs;  Don  Juan  Bautista  Pena,  Finance  ;  and  Colonel  Manuel  Escalada,  war  and  marine.  Of  these,  Messrs.  Pena  and  Escalada  have  had  experience  in  their  respective  departments  ;  whilst  the  activity,  general  intelligence,  and  patriotic  devotion  of  Dr.  Portela,  entitle  him  to  a  fair  and  impartial  trial,  in  the  arduous  and  important  post  assigned  to  him  in  the  administration.  The  new  ministry  has  not  yet  announced  any  definite  programme  of  policy;  but  from  its  compo composition,  sition, composition,  the  known  character  of  its  members,  and  the  deference  due  to  public  opinion,  we  are  entitled  to  infer,  that  it  will  be  one  of  peace  and  conciliation,  economy  and  reform,  impartial  justice  and  liberty  of  action  :  and  the  community  at  large,  we  are  convinced,  is  prepared  to  accept  and  appreciate  such  a  system.  But  on  extending  our  view  on  the  national  or organisation,  ganisation, organisation,  there  is  a  dark  and  mysterious  veil,  that  forbids  us  to  speculate  with  the  same  certainty  or  complacency.  After  three  months  and  a  half  of  cool  reflection,  the  advances  of  Buenos  Ayres  have  been  meet  with  little  else,  so  far  as  we  can  yet  see,  than  studied  neglect  and  cold  disdain  ;  and  the  election  of  the  fiirst  constitutional  president,  fixed  for  the  20th  of  the  ensuing  November,  is  probably  dei deitined  tined deitined  to  rear  an  insuperable  barrier  to  the  patriotic  wishes  of  the  wise  and  good  of  all  parties  and  sec  tions  of  the  republic.  The  elevation  of  General  Urquiza  to  the  presidency  of  the  13,  if  not  neces necessarily  sarily necessarily  the  knell  of  open  war,  will  at  least  so  far  debilitate  the  chances  of  peace,  as  seriously  to  affect  the  interests  and  prospects  of  foreign  com commerce.  merce. commerce.  In  this  view  the  apparent  determination  of  the  sister  provinces,  and  the  preverse  tendency  of  an  insidious  foreign  diplomacy,  are  to  be  depre deprecated  cated deprecated  and  deplored.  Buenos  Ayres,  we  are  per persuaded,  suaded, persuaded,  will  do  every  thing  in  her  power  to  avoid  a  collision  ;  but  if  General  Urquiza  finds  himself  with  the  means  of  hostilising  us,  we  have  good  reason  to  fear  that  he  will  not  be  over-scrupulous  as  to  the  pretexts  for  fixing  a  quarrel  on  us.  His  impotency,  from  the  exhausted  and  distracted  state  of  the  interior  provinces,  and  the  disappearance  of  his  faithful  allies  in  Monte  Video,  is  our  only  guarantee  of  a  hollow  peace;  and  in  that  forced  and  false  position  we  cannot  expect  commercial  interests  to  thrive  and  expand.  The  same  print  of  the  22d  says—The  royal  mail  steam  packet,  not  having  made  her  appear.  ance  here  or  at  Mont  Veideo,  has  excited  much  painful  anxiety,  and  given  rise  to  a  variety  of  con conflicting  flicting conflicting  reports.  That  there  has  been  some  mishap  we  fear  is  too  likely  ;  but  as  to  its  nature  and  extent  nothing  reliable  is  known  up  to  the  hour  of  our  going  to  press—The  Steamer  Uruguay,  ex expected  pected expected  from  Montevidos  this  morning,  has  not  made  her  appearance,  which  enhances  the  per perplexity.  plexity. perplexity.  On  the  29th  the  same  paper  After  a  week  of  painful  suspense,  we  are  in  the  same  ignorance  as  to  the  cause  of  the  delay.  The  first  report  as  to  her  having  been  seen  about  the  mouth  of  this  river  on  the  18th  proves  altogether  unfounded  ;  for  in  a  Rio  Janeiro  paper  of  the  11th  inst.,  the  sailing  of  the  Prince  for  Montevideo  is  announced  for  the  13th  whilst  nothing  is  said  as  to  the  arrival  or  non nonarrival  arrival nonarrival  of  the  European  mail  at  Rio,  on  the  date  re referred  ferred referred  to—The  Argentina,  with  the  correspondence  by  the  Liverpool  line,  which  was  confidently  ex expected  pected expected  from  Monte  Video  this  morning,  has  not  made  her  appearance.  which  prolongs  and  enhances  the  now  painful  anxiety.  In  Monte  Video  the  recent  revolUtion  appears  to  have  consolidated  itself.  The  nowa  from  the  rmal  .  guards  of  the  capital  have  been  disbanded.  The  two  legal  Presidents,  Giro  and  Oribe,  had  embark embarked  ed embarked  ;  but  seem  undecided  as  to  their  ultimate  desti destinations.  nations. destinations.  Don  Lucas  Moreno  dared  to  present  himself  here,  and  met  with  a  reception  a  la  Haynau.  October  must  be  classed  as  a  dull  business  month,  chiefly  owing  to  the  imperfect  assortment  of  goods,  in  special  demand  at  this  season.  We  are  now  reaping  the  fruits  of  the  derangement  occasioned  by  the  late  blockade.  The  few  arrivals  that  have  been  during  the  past  months,  are  a  mere  drop  in  the  bucket,  and  it  is  needless  to  expect  anything  approaching  an  average  dispatch,  till  the  supplies  are  made  up  by  fresh  arrivals.  The  demand  for  this  capital  and  province  is  decidedly  good  ;  and  the  first  cargoes  that  arrive  may  reckon  on  a  quick  and  advantageous  market.  For  the  interior  provinces  scarcely  anything  has  yet  been  done  ;  partly  owing  perhaps  to  our  defective  assortments,  but  principally,  we  believe,  from  the  dense  uncertainty  that  el  Inds  our  future  prospects.  Of  the  few  dealers  that  have  presented  themselves,  some.  not  content  with  what  they  found  here,  have  proceeded  to  Monte  Video,  which  we  suspect  they  are  destined  to  find  in  pretty  much  the  same  predicament,  as  regards  choice  and  variety  As  yet  there  is  a  constraint,  or  want  of  confidence  and  cordiality  in  our  commercial  relations  with  the  sister  provinces,  that  is  much  to  be  deplored.  EXPORT  PRODUCE.—In  ox  hides  and  tallow,  &amp;e.,  the  supplies  continue  stinted,  with  a  still  upward  tendency  in  the  general  market.  At  the  present  price  of  cattle,  the  operations  of  the  Saladeros  Must  be  on  a  limited  scale,  and  the  probability  is  that  prices  of  export  produce  generally  will  con continue  tinue continue  to  rule  high.  At  present  we  see  no  reason  to  change  or  modify  the  general  views.on  this  subject,  recorded  in  our  late  retrospects.  The  wool  harvest  has  fairly  commenced;  and  some  sales  have  been  effected  at  extremely  high  prices.  We  suspect  there  may  be  some  difficult•  in  conciliating  the  pretensions  of  buyers  and  sellers;  but  the  article  itself  will  unquestionably  find  its  way  to  its  proper  destination  and  in  regard  both  to  quantity  and  quality,  it  will  undoubtedly  be  greatly  superior  to  any  clip  that  has  been  remitted  from  this  quarter.  It  is  still  too  early  to  judge  of  the  prospects  of  the  wheat  harvest  ;  but  we  have  heard  say  that  the  quantity  sown  is  greater  than  usual  ;  and  up  to  the  present  date,  the  season  has  been  every  thing  that  could  be  desired.  Instead  of  importing  either  wheat  or  flour,  we  trust  our  farmers  may  have  something  to  spare,  to  eke  out  our  export  re resources.  sources. resources.  Important  reforms  in  the  import  and  export  tariff  are  pending  in  the  Chamber  of  Representatives,  but  in  the  actual  state  of  the  import  market,  we  believe  they  have  only  a  very  secondary  part  in  the  apparent  dullness  alluded  to.  The  drafts  of  law,  presented  by  the  late  provisional  government,  now  under  discussion,  and  likely  to  be  sanctioned,  invalve  important  modifications  in  favour  of  general  commerce  ;  and  are  expected  to  come  into  opera operation  tion operation  on  the  Ist  of  January,  1854.  To  appreciate  the  general  bearing  of  the  measure,  suffice  it  to  say,  that  the  duties  of  35,  40,  and  50  per  cent.  are  reduced  to  25  as  the  maximum  ;  whilst  the  absolute  prohibition  of  from  80  to  90  articles,  on  the  fliMsy  pretext  of  protection  to  articles  of  home  production,  is  entirely  done  away  with.  In  articles  of  daily  consumption  we  have  had  a  fair  proportion  of  arrivals  from  the  Mediterranean;  whilst  those  from  the  Continent,  the  United  States,  and  Brazil,  have'  been  much  under  a  fair  average.'  The  uncertainty  arising  from  the,  late  blockade  may  account  for  the  more  distant  ports;  but  at  the  pre:,  sent  prices  of  sugar,  rice,  and  other  products  of  the  neighbouring  empire,  it  is  strange  that  supplieS  should  be  so  long  in  coming  forward.  With  the  prospect  of  an  immense  demand,  lumber  is  both  scarce  and  dear;  which  we  fear  may  derange  the  spirit  of  enterprise,  of  which  there  are  many  clear  and  auspicious  indications  in  this  province.  With  reduced  duties  and  a  rapidly  increasing  population  we  confidently  anticipate  a  greatly  increased  con!  sumption.  Under  the  new  law  wheat,  flour,  and  Indian  corn  will  be  admissible  at  all  times,  the  first  paying  a  fixed  duty  of  one  silver  dollar  per  equivalent  to  about  four  Winchester  bushels  ;  the  second  one  silver  dollar  per  cwt.  ;'  and.  the  third  six  silver  rials  per  fanega.  By  the  provisions  of  the  impending  law,  a  few  additional  articles  are  saddled  d  rith  a  low  export  duty.  Of  these,  wool  is  the  most  important;  the  proposed  duty  on  which,  at  the  present  rate  of  exchange,  is  equivalent  to  about  two  shillings  per  cwt.  One  cwt.  of  find  washed  wool  is  worth  at  least  four  times  one  cwt.  of  common  dirty  wool,  and  it  seems  fair  that  both  should  be  taxed  in  the  act  of  exportation  in  the  same  amount  ;  more  especially  as  the  inequality  will  be  in  favour  of  the  rich,  and  to  the  disadvantage  of  the  poor.  _  _  From  Rio  we  learn  that  all  the  bank  shares  had  been  taken  at  the  government  premium  ;  they  had  since  sold  at  higher  premium.  Exchange  on  Lon London,  don, London,  27k.  At  Pernambuco  the  supply  of  new  sugars  had  been  confined  to  a  few  thousand  bags  of  ordinary  and  middling  Muscovados,  which  met  with  a  ready  sale  at  from  1,800  to  1,960,  or  16s.  ld.  to  17s.  per  cwt.  Beneficial  rains  had  fallen.  At  Bahia,  exchange  was  quoted  27d.  Freights  had  advanced.  The  crops  of  sugar  will  be  very  deficient  At  Rio  the  shares  of  the  New  National  Bank  had  been  subscribed  for  with  a  feverish  excitement,  and  maintained  a  premium  of  10  per  cent.  The  Emperor  had  granted  a  concession  for  a  railway  from  Bahia  to  the  River  San  Francisco.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  GREAT  WESTERN  AT  SOUTHAMPTON.  The  West  India  royal  mail  steam-ship  company's  steamer  the  Great  Western,  arrived  at  Southampton  on  Saturday  morning,  with  advices  from  Buenos  Ayres  to  the  2nd  November,  Rio  Janeiro  Ist,  Pernambuco  to  22nd  ult.,  St.  Vincent  Ist  December,  and  Lisbon  the  12th  ;  Monte  Video  the  sth,  and  Bahia  the  19th'ult.  She  brought  £7,300  in  specie,  one  box  of  gold  dust,  and  diamonds,  value  £11,600.  Her  advices  from  the  various  ports  are  very  little  later  than  those  by  the  Olinda,  two  days  being  the  utmost  from  any  port  touched  at,  except  Lisbon,  and  the  news  she  supplies  adds  nothing  of  interest  to  the  above..  We  have  news  of  the  loss  of  the  Brazilian  steam steampacket  packet steampacket  company's  vessel  Pernantbucana  on  the  11th  of  October,  near  St.  Katherine's,  where  upwards  of  forty  passengers  were  unfortunately  drowned.  Those  who  were  saved  had  been  taken  to  Rio  in  a  steamer,  and  a  large  sum  of  money  had  been  sub subscribed  scribed subscribed  for  their  assistance.  BUENOS  AYRES.—OcT.  31.  ENGLAND.—The  Celeritas,  Gauntlet,  T.  0.,  and  Ferris,  have  completed  their  engagements,  the  Eliza  Jenkins,  Maine  Laws,  and  Thomann  have  engaged  full  cargoes  all  at  555.  salted  hides,  655.  tallow  in  pipes,  and  455.  bales.  The  Maria  Key,  Orion,  and  Hydra  have  engaged  all  their  tallow  and  hides  at  the  same  rates,  and  require  only  bales  to  complete  their  engagements.  The  Alliance,  Rielimmid,  Priscilla,  and  Wilton  Wood  have  engaged  portions  of  their  cargoes  at  the  same  rates.  The  Kanarsha  has  been  char chartered  tered chartered  to  load  bone  ash  and  bones  for  Southampton  at  50s.  in  full.  Tallows  and  salted  ox  and  cow  hides  have  been  extremly  scarce  during  the  month,  the  principal  engagements  having  been  for  horse  grease  and  horse  hides,  which  continue  offering  in  fair  quantities,  the  arrivals  continuing  moderate,  freights  have  remained  very  steady  and  without  any  alteration  during  the  month.  The  british  bark  Namelita  has  been  chartered  for  England,  at  525.  6d.  salted  hides,  and  625.  6d.  tallow,  and  5  if  ordered  to  Liverpool,  and  ls.  6d.  per  ton  extra  if  ordered  to  London:  FREIGHTS  TO  ENGLAND.—SaIted  hides,  555.  ;  dry  hides,  955.  ;  tallow  in  pipes,  655.  ;  tallow  in  boxes,  555.  ;  bale  s  wool,  455.  ;  bales  hair,  455.  ;  dried  beef,  Os.  ;  primage,  6s.  SALT.  October  10th,  British  barque  Alliance,  from  Cadiz,  with  about  3,500  fanegas,  half  of  which  was  sold  at  18  hard  rials  the  fanega,  and  the  remainder  at  17  hard  rials  the  fanega,  both  on  board.  On  the  13th  October,  th  e  Danish  Schooner  Hydra,  from  Cadiz,  with  about  1,600  fanegas,  700  fanegas  of  which  was  sold  at  18  hard  ri  a  l  s  ,  the  fanega  on  board,  and  the  remainder  is  retailing  at  16  to  17  hard  rials.  October  16th,  British  barque  Priscilla  from  Lisbon,  with  about  2,200  fanegas,.  sold  at  16  h  ar  d  Tials,  the  fanegas  on  board  ;  a  lso STYLE=superscript  two STYLE=superscript  Spanish  vessels  arrived  the  early  part  of  the  month,  from  Cadiz,  bringing  each  about  1,000  fanegas,  which  was  sold  at  20  hard  rials.  Sixteen  hard  rials  maybe  considered  as  the  highest  price  obtainable  for  this  article,  and  even  at  this  figure  it  is  difficult  to  realize,  as  the  killing  establishments  have  not  yet  commenced  operations.  No  further  charters  have  been  made  to  bring  salt  from  Cape  de  Verde  Islands.  COALS.—The  cargo  per  Gasparino,  mentioned  in  my  last  has  been  landed  for  importers'  account.  On  the  14th  October,  the  British  barque  Richmond  arrived,  price  not  transpired.  On  the  16th  Oct.,  the  Bremen  barque  Adelaide  arrived  from  Antwerp  with  about  250  tons,  which  is  landing  for  importers'  account.  Other  small  lots  have  arrived  by  general  vessels,  more  or  less,  200  tons,  which  have  been  sold  at  11  hard  dollars  per  ton  on  board.  The  price  is  not  obtainable  to-day  for  an  entire  cargo.  RICOUJ,ITC7d  ON  LONDON.-  Bill  3  on  England,  per  doubloon,  ga.  'IA  gu.  as  PERNAMBUCO.  —NOVEMBER.  19.  [Private  Correspondence.]  We  last  addressed  you  with  our  market  report  of  20  to  23rd  ult.  CODFISH.  — STYLE=superscript  The  cargo  per  Wm.  advised  as  being  off  the  port,  sold  at  10  100  per  D.  We  have  had  two-  further  arrivals,  viz,  :-  11th  inst.,  English  Brig  Walter  35  days  from  St.  Johns,  2560  Ds.  sold  at  11  300  to  11  500.  14th  inst.,  English  barque  39  days  from  same  port,  2540  Ds.  reported  as  still  unsold—refused  12  300-30  days'  credit.  Consumption  is  improving,  and  stocks  in  dealers'  hands  do  not  exceed  7,600  drums.  Stock  of  jerked  beef,  48,000  arrobas.  SUGARS.—Muscovados,  1  750  to  1  950.  per  arr.  ;  whites  (for  the  Coast  trade),  2  600  to  3  per  arr.  Entries  limited.  COTTON.—SS  900  c.  to  $6  300  c.  per  arr.  HIDES.—Dry  salted,  145  per  lb.  Scarce.  EXClUNGE.—Considerable  transactions  by  this  convey conveyance,  ance, conveyance,  at  274,  271,d.  to  274  d.  FREIGHTS.  —6ss.  and  5  per  cent.  for  the  Channel  has  been  accepted  by  an  Al  Swede,  to  be  loaded  by  15th  proximo.  The  Creamore  loads  tobacco  for  Bremen  for  the  lump  sum  of  £9OO.  Sugar  vessels  are  wanted,  and  we  are  likely  to  see  higher  rates  shortly.  Cotton  for  Liverpool,  Id.  and  6  per  cent.  per  lb.  P.S.—We  beg  to  advise  the  sale  of  the  &#34;Creamore's&#34;  fish  reported  to  be  at  $l2  400  per  dm.  Also  of  the  flour  per  Ella  Reed,  1.619  brls.,  at  $l6  100  in  bond.  Eila  Reed,  brings  further  300  brls.  rosin,  sold  at  $4  500;  300  kegs.  c  rackers,  at  $3  900  c.  to  $4  100  ;  100  boxes  biscuits,  at  3600;  50  brls.  bread,  at  $B.  Not  sold  yet.  50  brls.  beef.  $3O  brls.  oats;  29  cases  B  drills  ;  53  bales  Osnaburg."
