text
"TFRST  DERBY  GUARDIANS.  The  weekly  meeting  of  the  board  was  held  yesterday,  at,  the  Workhouse,  Mill-lane,  Everton.  Mr.  Joseph  Harri Harrison  son Harrison  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were,  the  Rev.  W.  Badnall,  and  Messrs.  Alpass,  Hayes  '  Miller,  Smith,  Carter,  Roskell,  Lunt,  Craig,  Medcaff,  Horsfall,  Jeffries,  McGee,  Kirkus,  Hyde,  Gilbert  Harrison,  Knowles,  Birch,  Tattersall,  and  Shaw.  The  applications  for  relief  having  been  disposed  of,  the  Governor  submitted  his  weekly  account,  by  which  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  the  number  at  present  in  the  house  was  677.  Checques  on  account  of  out-door  relief  were  given  to  the  various  relieving  officers,  viz.,  to  Mr.  Allen,  £63  ;  Mr.  Olney,  £25  ;  Mr.  Potts,  £B2  ;  Mr.  Lythgoe,  £lB.  A  letter  was  read  from  the  Poor  Law  Board,  dated  the  10th  instant,  sanctioning  the  appointment  of  Mr.  Barnabas  Barrett,  as  medical  officer  for  the  Toxteth  Park  district,  at  a  salary  of  £lOO  per  annum.  THE  ALTERATIONS  AT  THE  HOSPITAL,  Mr.  Robert  Martin,  builder,  appeared  before  the  board,  and  requested  as  a  favour,  that  in  consequence  of  a  mistake  made  in  his  tender,  which  was  accepted  last  week  by  the  board,  for  the  additions  and  alteration  at  the  hospital,  he  might  be  relieved  from  the  contract  into  which  he  had  entered;  as  he  should  lose  from  £6O  to  £BO  by  it.  On  Mr.  Martin  retiring  considerable  discussion  took  place  on  the  matter,  in  the  course  of  which,  Mr.  Kirkus  and  some  other  members  of  the  board  were  opposed  to  Mr.  Martin  being  released  from  .  the  contract.  On  a  division,  however,  there  were  nine  in  favour  of  his  being  released,  and  eight  against  it.  Mr.  ALPASS  then  moved]  that  Mr.  Jones,  whose  tender  on  the  former  occasion  was  next  t  9  Mr.  Martin's,  be  now  written  to  to  know  if  he  would  undertake  the  contract  on  the  terms  of  that  tender.  The  REV.  W.  BADNALL  seconded  the  resolution.  Mr.  lintnns  moved  as  an  amendment,  that  advertisements  for  a  new  tender  be  issued.  _  The  amendment  having  been  seconded,  a  lengthened  dis discussion  cussion discussion  followed,  in  which  several  members  of  the  board  took  part.  Ultimately,  Mr.  Kirkus's  amendment  was  carried  by  a  majority  of  12  to  6,  and  the  clerk  was  instructed  to  issue  the  necessary  advertisement.  NUISANCES  IN  CHAPEL-PLACE  AND  BELGRAVE-STREET,  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  M'Gowan,  the  law  clerk  of  the  Health  Committee  of  Liverpool,  in  reference  to  the  nuisances  in  Chapel  Place  and  Belgrave-street,  which  were  last  week  brought  before  the  board.  The  letter  stated  that  with  regard  to  Belgrave-street,  a  person  had  applied  for,  and  obtained  particulars  of  the  levels,  preparatory  to  his  exe executing  cuting executing  the  requisite  flagging,  and  that,  as  to  Chapel  Place,  the  Health  Committee  had  given  directions  for  the  paving  to  be  proceeded  with  by  the  borough  engineer  without  delay.  The  communication  was  received  with  much  satisfaction  by  the  board.  APPOINTMENT  OP  ASSISTANT-MASTER  TO  THE  WORKHOUSE,  The  board  then  proceeded  to  the  appointment  of  a  new  as assistant-master  sistant-master assistant-master  to  the  workhouse,  which  had  again  become  vacant  in  consequence  of  the  person  who  was  recently  ap appointed  pointed appointed  having  resigned.  Mr.  Au'A.ss  said  as  there  were  a  considerable  number  of  applicants,  he  would  move  the  appointment  of  a  committee  who  should  now  retire  for  the  purpose  of  selecting  three  names  from  the  list  of  applicants,  and  submitting  them  to  the  board.  The  motion,  having  been  seconded,  was  carried,  and  the  committee,  consisting  of  Messrs.  Alpass,  Badnall,  and  Wens Wensley,  ley, Wensley,  retired,  for  the  purpose  of  making  a  selection.  On  their  return  into  the  board-room,  Mr.  ALPASS  said  that  the  committee  had  made  their  selection  from  amongst  the  applicants,  viz.,  Mr.  Robert Robertson,  son, Robertson,  from  the  Glasgow  prison,  who  was  a  candidate  on  the  former  occasion,  and  who  now  sent  the  same  testimonials  ;  Sergeant  Kelly,  of  the  county  constabulary  force,  who  was  well  spokenof  by  several  gentlemen  residing  in  West  Derby  ;  and  the  third  was  Mr.  Bancroft,  who  had  for  some  time  been  in  the  employment  of  the  Town  Council  of  Stockport,  and  who  came  highly  recommended  from  the  mayor  and  town  council  of  that  borough.  These  were  the  three  names  which  the  committee  had  selected,  but  they  especially  recommended.  Mr.  Robertson,  and  he  (Mr.  Alpass)  therefore  moved  that  Mr.  Robertson  be  appointed.  Mr.  KIRKUS  seconded  the  motion,  and  Mr.  Robertson  was  unanimously  elected  to  the  vacant  office.  After  some  discussion  it  was  agreed  that  Mr.  Robertspn  should  find  sureties  to  the  amount  of  £5O,  for  the  due  per performance  formance performance  of  the  duties  of  the  office.  It  was  also  agreed  that  the  matron  of  the-  hospital  find  s3curity  in  the  sum  of  £l5O,  for  the  faithful  performance  of  her  duties  ;  likewise  Mr.  Capes,  the  book-keeper  at  the  hospital,  in  the  sum  of  £5O.  .  MEDICAL  OFFICER'S  SALARY  The  Rev.  W.  BADNALL,  on  being  called  upon,  said  he  begged  to  withdraw  his  motion  that  Dx.  Nevins's  salary  be  increased  from  £lOO  to  £l5O  per  year.  (Applause.)  CONTRACTS  The  tender  of  Messrs.  White  and  Simpson,  of  Lower  Bank  View,  Bootle,  for  the  sewerage  and  drainage  of  the  house,  was  accepted,  after  some  discussion.  The  tender  of  Messrs  Jones  and  Smith  was  the  lowest,  but  it  was  refused  in  consequence  of  an  explanation  by  the  clerk  of  an  irregularity  on  Mr.  Jones's  part  in  connexion  with  a  former  contract  at  Bootle.  The  CHAIRMAN  must  do  Mr.  Jones  the  justice  of  saying,  that  he  had  had  extensive  contracts  with  the  corporation  of  Liverpool,  and  had  given  every  satisfaction.  The  tender  of  Mr.  Little,  for  supplying  the  Union  with  wines  and  spirits,  was  accepted;  as  also  the  tender  of  Mr.  Evans  Marks,  of  Mill-lane,  Hindley,  for  the  supply  of  clogs.  This  terminated  the  business,  and  the  board  adjourned.  ACCIDENT.—Thomas  Wood,  a  labouring  man,  50  years  of  age,  residing  in  School-lane,  while  working  yester yesterday  day yesterday  for  Newton,  and  Co.,  King-street,  fell  off  a  ladder,  on  the  back  of  bis  head,  thereby  producing  severe  concussion  of  the  brain.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING  - STYLE=superscript  By  the  arrival  of  the  Baltic  this_morning  we  are  in  possession  of  private  advices  in  addition  to  the  comprehensive  summary  of  American  news  published  in  the  SECOND  SUPPLEMENT  of  the  NOR NORTHERN  THERN NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  this  morning.  From  New  York  our  dates  come  down  to  the  15th  inst.,  being  four  days  later  than  those  received  on  Saturday  night  by  the  America.  The  Baltic  brings  no  less  than  1,000,000  dols.  on  freight,  and  by  her  advices  it  appears.  that  the  New  York  Money  M  ar  k  e  t  i  s  in  precisely  the  same  anomalous  position  as  our  own,  and  is  absolutely  enduring  all  the  tortures  of  a  and  suspension  of  trade  credit  in  the  face  of  an  accumulated  amount  of  bullion  never  before  known,  Conflicting  railway  interests  are  one  of  the  causes  assigned  for  the  existing  state  of  things,  while  the  line  of  operations  followed  by  the  banks  in  their  clearanCes  is  directed  to  keep  up  the  rates  of  interest  for  money,  and  at  the  same  time  to  curtail  the  dividends  on  banking  stocks  so  as  effectually  to  check  the  increase  of  banks,  and  the  extension  of  monetary  accommodation.  All  these  efforts,  however,  are  as  futile  as  they  are'  impolitic.  When  banks  can  monopolize  or  forbid  the  production  of  gold,  then  will  the  efficacy  of  such  measures  tend  to  promote  the  selfish  views  of  existing  banks;  but  as  long  as  gold  comes  pour pouring  ing pouring  forth  as  it  does  at  present,  all  such  efforts  will  be  found  unavailing,  and  their  failure  will  bring  destruction  on  their  own  heads  as  surely  as  they  have  helped  to  swell  the  amount  of  public  em embarrassment.  barrassment. embarrassment.  On  the  subject  of  sudden  contractions  of  the  Currency,  the  New  York  Economist  makes  these  apposite  remarks  The  stock  panic  is  very  similar  to  that  in  August,  1851,  and  began  by  the  same  cause,  viz.,  bank  contractions.  In  June,  1851,  the  bank  loans  were  $71,953,514;  in  Septem September  ber September  following,  $64,872,666  ;  decline,  $7,080,848.  After  the  June  return,  the  banks  continued  to  lend  until  July,  when  prices  were  high,  and  Eric,  as  an  example,  stood  at  84.  The  bank  contraction  commenced,  and,  August  6,  Erie  sold  at  69,  and  continued  through  August  between  that  and  74,  when  the  banks  recovered  from  their  panic,  and  it  began  to  rise  to  90,  December  1.  Other  stocks  sympathised  with  Erie.  During  this  time,  money  was  very  dear,  and  many  failures  occurred  among  the  merchants,  and  money  was  two  per  cent.  per  month.  The  same  thing  has  now  occurred  :  Erie,  as  a  type,  has  fallen  from  84  (September  23)  to  69  (October  . STYLE=superscript  14).  The  identical  figures  touched  before,  and  other  circumstances,  are  the  same  in  character  and  equally  as  causeless.  and  will  re result  sult result  in  a  greater  abundance  of  money  than  The  facts  here  adduced,  ought  to  serve  as  a  salutary  illustration  tt  this  country,  of  the  losses  entailed  on  capital  invested  in  any  kind  of  public  stock  as  well  as  in  ourtrade,  by  a  sudden  contraction  of  the  Currency.  As  we  have  repeatedly  directed  attention  to  this  subject,  we  feel  no  small  satisfac satisfaction  tion satisfaction  in  finding  ourselves  so  fully  borne  out,  even  from  so  distant  a  quarter.  The  American  government  continues  to  purchase  stock.  In  August,  the  Treasury  offered  to  redeem  3,000,000  dols.  worth  of  the  stocks  of  1867-8  before  Dec.  1,  at  21  per  cent.  premium,  also  2,000,000  dols.  worth  of  those  1856  and  1862.  Under  this  offer,  considerable  redemption  had  been  made,  and  under  date  of  Oct.  8,  the  Secretary  renewed  the  proposal,  which  is  equivalent  to  increasing  the  amounts  that  he  will  redeem  by  about  3,000,000.  The  Exchanges  were  active,  and  closed  at  1098  to  110.  The  exports  of  bullion  for  the  week  pre:  vious  to  our  dates  were-1,325,844  dols.  The  ar arrivals  rivals arrivals  during  the  week  were—by  the  Illinois;  1,281,811  dols.,  and  816,000  dols.  by  the  Star  of  the  West,  making  2,034,861.  The  Mint  had  disgorged  a  portion  of  the  1,000,000  brought  last  week  by  the  Crescent  City,  and  the  Sub-Treasury  had  disbursed  1,000,300  dole.  in  ten  days  as  follows  :  October  8  10  12  Recd.  -  Payment.  On  hand  Oct.  8  Dols.  Dols.  Dols.  827,319  1,154,325  9,399,394  141,096  194,696  9,345,292  76,665  266,802  9,155,65  e  70,000  502,000  8,723,137  13  26,801  8,861,44  With  this  operation  the  banks  should  show  an  increase  of  specie.  They  require,  however,  an  im important  portant important  accession  to  their  reserves  in  order  to  make  the  clearance  work  smoothly.  The  fifty-six  banks  cleared  under  the  management  of  Mr.  George  D.  Lynan,  as  follow  :  _  _  _  Sum  of  Balance  for  Accounts.  Adjustment.  Dols.  Dols.  Tuesday,  Ist  day,  22,000,000  1,200,000  Wednesday,  2nd  day,  Thursday,  3rd  day,  The  demand  for  money  in  the  interior  had  not  subsided,  and  the  balance  of  the  banks  were  said  to  be  well  drawn  The  large  sales  of  pro produce  duce produce  now  going  on  will  soon  turn  the  scale.  *New  York  has  twenty-six  ships  on  the  berth,  loading  grain  and  flour,  the  imports  of  which  will  be  very  large  from  the  whole  of  the  northern  ports  of  the  United  States.  The  rest  of  the  commercial  intelligence  has  already  been  pubished  in  our  SECOND  SUPPLEMENT  of  to-day,  at  such  length  as  to  render  any  further  notice  of  them  unnecessary.  The  Liverpool  Cotton  market  was  slightly  influ•  enced  by  the  news  brought  by  the  Baltic.  Prices  however,  remained  about  the  same  as  those  quoted  yesterday.  The  sales  amounted  to  about  600  C  bales  to  the  Trade.  The  supply  of  Cotton  that  may  be  looked  for,  from  this  time  to  the  end  of  the  year,  is  a  very  important  feature.  The  vessels  loading  at  Cotton  ports,  at  latest  dates,  being  exceedingly  few.  New  Orleans  being  only  four  ships,  viz.,  California,  Chasca,  Courier,  and  Grenada.  Mobile  and  Apalachicola  none.  Savannah,  one  —Noemie.  Charleston,  two—Switzerland  and  Irvine.  In  addition  to  the  Cotton-laden  ships  announced  as  on  their  passage,  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  Tuesday,  'we  now  report  the  clearance  of  the  following  homeward•bound  vessels  with  Cotton  freights:—  NEW  YORK,  October  12  C.  Jerome,  ...  752  13  Enterprize,  ...  408  NEW  ORLEANS,  6  Olympus,  ...2460  6  Guiding  Star  2120  Total  ...  5730  bales.  The  Susan,  from  Charlestown  arrived  to  day  witl  2560  bales.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  was  very  firm  all  day,  and  closed  at  a  considerable  advance.  This  we  have  repeatedly  predicted  within  the  last  fort fortnight  night fortnight  as  an  event  which  was  sure  to  occur.  The  London'  Stock  Market  continues  to  improve.  The  public  are  buyers  once  more,  under  the  im impression  pression impression  ;that  peace  will  be  preserved,  notwith notwithstanding  standing notwithstanding  the  war  rumours  so  industriously  circu circulated  lated circulated  by  means  of  the  foreign  telegraphs.  Consols  advanced  per  cent,  and  closed  firmly  at  921  to  928  for  money  and  time.  Reduced,  914  to  911;  New  3i  per  Cents,  931  93i.  Bank  Stock,  212.  South  Sea  Old  Annuities,  99.  India  Bonds  3  prem.  Exchequer  Bills,  1  dis.  to  3  preen.  'ln  the  Foreign  House  it  was  reported  that  the  Austrian  Government  have  commenced  the  issue  of  a  new  species  of  inconvertible  paper,  in  the  shape  of  5  per  cent.  mortgage  bonds,  to  an  amoum  equal  to  4  millions  sterling.  What  next?  It  was  also  stated  that  an  Envoy  Extraordinary  had  been  despatched  from  Constantinople  on  the  17th  inst.,  to  France  and  London,  to  negociate  a  loan  of  four  millions  sterling  for  the  Turkish  goverment.  Thee  reports,  however,  made  no  impression  on  the  mar  .  ket,  which  continued  quiet  through  the  day  Buenos  Ayres  Bonds,  56;  Chilian  6  per  cents.,  991;  Mexican,  242.  25;  Peruvian  3  per  cents.,  491:  Portuguese  4  per  cents.,  40  41  ;  Spanish  Threes,  Railway  Shares  have  all  been  actively  dealt  in,  the  rise  in  prices  to-day  being  in  several  instances  1  per  cent.  Great  Westerns,  80i  ;  Great  Noitherr,  76  ;  North  Westerns,  1021  ;  South  Westerns,  73  74;  Midlands  have  advanced  to  598;  Berwick;  and  York  and  North  Midlands  are  each  £1  higher.  French  Shares  were  a  shade  better.  Gold  Mine  Shares  were  heavy,  and  Australian  Bank  Shares  also  flat.  South  Australian  Land  Shares,  34,  anl  Crystal  Palace  Shares  /  prem.  The  Lady  Elgin  is  reported  from  Melbourne,  whence  she  sailed  on  the  14th  of  June.  The  ex exports  ports exports  of  silver  to  China  (chiefly  Spanish  and  Mexi Mexican  can Mexican  dollars)  still  continue  large,  and  are  said  to  b  3  profitable.  Both  of  these  coins  are  of  the  Kum  intrinsic  value,  yet  the  Chinese  fix  a  premium  of  Spanish  dollars,  sometimes  ranging  as  high  as  20  per  cent.  The  Carolus  coinage  is  fast  decreas decreasing,  ing, decreasing,  and  a  large  supply  cannot  be  obtained."
