text
"twenty  years  of  age.  The  evidence  adduced  in  support  of  this  very  painful  case  was  as  follows  :—About  half-part  six  on  Friday  morning,  she  was  lying  in  bed  with  her  husband  and  her  infant,  about  five  :months  old,  when  she  got  out  of  bed  and  immediately  returned.  She  then  sat  up  in  her  bed,  and,  with  an  open  razor,  deliberately  cut  the  little  innocent's  throat  ;  she  then  proceeded  from  her  bed-room  to  that  of  the  person  in  whose  house  she  lodged,  rapped  at  the  door,  and,  upon  his  coming  out,  she  handed  him  her  child,  which  he  perceived  had  received  a  severe  cut  in  the  throat  :  it  was  bleeding  very  much.  He  thereupon  sent  for  a  surgeon,  and  upon  being  asked  to  describe  how  she  appeared  when  she  brought  the  child  to  him,  he  replied  that  she  appeared  to  be  like  a  person  who  had  the  horrors,  and  was  completely  out  of  her  senses  ;  then  he  afterwards  went  into  her  bed-room,  and  found  her  husband  there,  who  bad  got  out  of  bed,  and  upon  speaking  to  him,  he  appeared  perfectly  bewildered,  .as  if  a  man.  beside  himself;  not  knowing  what  to  do,  The  surgeon  proved  that  two  .  gashes  bad  been  inflicted  on  the  infant's  throat  with  some  sharp  instrument  ;  that  he  had  dressed  the  wounds,  and  he  believed,  with  proper  care  '  that  the  child  •  would  live.  •  And  in  addition,  he  said,  that  she  had,  on  a  previous  occasion,  attempted  to  take  the  'life  of  the  child  by  administering  laudanum,  which  he  had  extracted  and  saved  its  life;  and  that  she  had  al  so,  on  a  previous  occasion,  inflicted'  serious  injury  upon  her  own  throat.  Upon  his  being  asked  what  he  supposed  to  be  the  cause,  he  stated,  that  he-  had  been  the  attendant  upon  her  family  for  some'years,  and  that  God  only  knew  what  trouble  she  had  gone  through.  She  is  of  highly  respectable  connections,  and  her  husband  formerly.belenged  to  a  very  respectable  firm  in  Liverpool,  but  from  his  dissipated  habits  and  other  faults,  he  had  brought  her  to  a  very  low  state,  se  as  to  induce  her  friends  to  believe  that  she  is  not  now  in  a  sound.  state  of  mind.  The  case  was  ultimately  remanded  until  Monday,  for  the  attendance  of  the  surgeon  who  had  been  first  called  in  to  see  the  child.  She  appeared  to  feel  keenly  her  situation,  and  excited  the  sympathy  of  the  whole  court.  Her  husband  was  present  during  the  investigation,  but  appeared  somewhat  cooler  in  the  matter.  -  PENINSULAI  Th  C03.1P.  :cord  instalment  of  the  Peninsular  Company's  loan  to  the  Pasha  of  Egypt,  for  the  use  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  Sultan,  fell  due,  and  was  repaid  on  Friday,  with  interest—in  all  £137,800.  OFFICIAL  APPOINTMENTS.—The  Queen  has  ap appointed  pointed appointed  Sir  John  Young,  Bart.,  a  Visitor  of  Maynooth  Col College,  lege, College,  in  the  room  of  Sir  W.  Somerville,  Bart,  resigned.—  er.'Richard  Yates  Cummins  is  appointed  Assistant  Colonial  Secretary  at  the  Mauritius.—Mr.  Stair  Douglas  is  appointed  Chief  Clerk  in  the  Colonial  Secretary's  office  at  the  Mauri-  tius.—Obse  TRIENNIAL  CONFERENCE  OF  THE  BRITISH  ANTI-STATE  CHURCH  ASSOCIATION.—The  third  Triennial  Conference  of  this  Association,  will  be,  held  in  London  on  the  3rd  of  November  next.  The  Council  of  the  Association,  ,  have  issued  a  document  within  the  last  few  days,  from  which  we  make  the  followir  - STYLE=superscript  is  submitted  that  mor  general  and  unite  State  interferon,  g  extract  1  action  for  the  liberation  of  religion  from  s  imperatively  _  called  for  by  the  present  condition  of  political  parties,  and  the  eharacier  of  passing  events.  The  tendency  of  public  opinion  and  feeling,  leans  more  decidedly  than  ever  to  a  settlement  of  the  ecclesiastical  affairs  of  the  country  upon  principles  of  Christian  equity.  There  are  already  several  members  of  the  House  of  Com Commons—and  mons—and Commons—and  the  minibus  hereafter  'may  be  greatly  increased  —.who  hold  themselves  ready  to  take  advantage  of  their  position,  in  stimulating  this  tendency,  and  in  turning  it  to  practical  legislative  account.  The  divided  and  distracted  state  of  the  Established  Church-the  altered  tone  of  public  sentiment  in  regard  to  it—the  number  and  variety  .  of  eccle ecclesiastical  siastical ecclesiastical  topics,  which  press  for  discussion  and  decision  every  session—the  Parliamentary  footing  already  enjoyed  by  the  friends  of  free  Christianity,  and  the  desirableness  of  giving  a  right  direction  to  the  public  mind,  whilst  it  is  evidently  in  a  state  of  transition—seem  to  call  for  a  most  earnest,  Con Conscientious  scientious Conscientious  and  liberal  endeavour  to  give  to  right  principles  all  the  advantage  they  can  derive  from  wisely-organised  machi machinery,  nery, machinery,  and  well-concerted  Meetings  for  the  ap appointment  pointment appointment  of  delegates,  are  being  arranged  for  in  various  directions.  Mr.  Miall  is  to  address  meetings  during  the  next  week,  at  Rochdale,  Manchester,  Halifax,  and  Bradford,  and  in  the  week  following,  Mr.  Burnett  will  be  in  Yorkshire,  and  Mr.  Basil  Cooper,  in  the  West  of  England.  INQUESTS  AT  MANCHESTER.--011  Saturday,  before  E.  Herford,  Esq.,  City  Coroner,  an  inquest  was  held  at  the  Workhouse,  New  Bridge-street,  on  view  of  the  body  of  Margaret  Flaherty,  a  single  woman,  lodging  with  Catherine  Howorth  of  90  Pump-sir(  Oldham-road,  aged  44  years  Mary  La*ter,  of  88  cellar,  Pump-street,  staieethat  on  the  previous  night,  about  eleven  o'clock,  she  had  locked  her  cellar  door,  and  that  she  afterwards  heard  some  one  fall  down  the  steps  right  to  her  door.  Some  one  said,  Mrs.  Lawler,  open  the  and  she  did  so.  She  then  found  deceased  lying  at  the  foot  of  the  steps.  There  *as  a  crowd  of  people  at  the  top  of  the  steps.  When  found,  the  deceased  was  quite  'dead.  Verdict,  Accidental  The  jury,  after  viewing  the  cellar,  88,  Pump-street,  requested  the  Coroner  to  call  the  attention  of  the  Sanitary  Committee  to  its  unhealthy  state,  with  a  view  to  the  whitewashing  of  the  cellars  in  that  neighbourhood  generally.—At  the  Workhouse,  New  Bridge-street,  on  view  of  the  bOdy  of  Thomas  Hadfield,  an  inmate  of  the  house,  aged  62  years,  a  widower,  without  children.  William  Coilin;  a  weaver,  stated  that  he  was  an  assistant  in  the  Pass  Ward,  and  that  about  the  Bth  or  10th  of  September,  at  3  or  4  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  the  deceased  was  brought  in  a  cab  with  a  gentleman  to  the  door  of  the  Workhouse.  Mr.  Pickford  told  witness.to  carry  deceased  out  of  the  cab  into  the  pass  ward.  Deceased's  hand  was  hurt,  and  he  had  it  bandaged.  up,  and  he  told  witness,  in  reply  to  questions  he  put  to  him,  that  a  cab  or  a  cart  had  run  over  him.  Adam  Roberts,  a  nurse  in  the  Workhouse  Hospital,  said  that  deceased  was  very  much  bruised,  about  the  left  hand  and  legs.  He  asked  the  deceased  how  the  accident  happened,  and  he  answered,  that  he  was  crossing  Oldham-road,  when  he  was  knocked  down  by  a  coal  cart,  and  trampled  upon  by  the  horse.  He  was  attended  by  a  surgeon  till  he  died  on  Fridays  Verdict,  Accidental  —At  the  Bull's  Head  Inn,  London-road,  on  view  of  the  body  of  David  Hodgson,  son  of  Matthew  Hodgson,  of  No.  8,  Boad-street,  boatman,  _  aged  8  years.  Mary  Hodgson,  deceased's  Mother,  stated  that  on  the  21st  of  September,  her  son  went  with  a  Mr.  Heslop,-who  was  'driving  his  cart  to  a  railway  station.  At  two  o'clock  - STYLE=superscript  she  heard  that  her  boy  had  been  hurt,  and  on  going  to  the  place  she  found  him  lying  in  Mr.  Heslop's  house.  She  took  him  home,  and  afterwards  took  him  to  the  Dispensary  several  times,  until  that  day  fortnight.  On  Saturday  night  he  had  fits,  but  she  did  not  get  any  medical  attendance.  He  got  gradually  worse  until  Tuesday,  when  she  fetched  Mr.  Ledward,  surgeon,  about  mid-day.  He  died  at  night.  Robert  Heslop,  porter,  stated  that  the  deceased  asked  him  if  he  would  let  him  have  a  ride,  and  that  then  they  went  together  to  the  railway  station.  The  deceased  was  playing  with  a  turn-table,  and  witness  told  him  to  take  care,  and  to  stand  where  he  set  him.  Soon  afterwards,  he  was  about  to  drive  off,  .when  he  heard  the  boy  scream,  and  found  that  his.  hand  was  caught  under  a  wheel  of  the  cart.  It  appeared  that  the  deceased  had  been  stooping  down  to  pick  up  a  small  stone  which  he  had  in  his  hand.  Verdict,  Accidental  and  the  jury  censured  the  deceased's  parents  for  neglecting  to  procure  earlier  medical  attendance.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS—SATURDAY  •  (  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  COTTON.—The  sales  to-day  are  5,000  bales,  1,000  of  which  have  been  taken  for  export.  The  sales  include  300'1  64d.  to  9d.  ;  400  Surats,  21d.  to  3  , STYLE=superscript  1  d.  The  market  Closes  heavily  compared  with  Friday's  rates,  ,  prices  of  all  kinds  are  without  change.  yptains  Our  produce  markets  generally  have  been  very  quiet  to-day,  and  no  sales  have  transpired  in  SUGAR.  COFFEE.—A  small  business  has  been  concluded  in  St.  Domingo  at  445.  per  cwt.  Of  RICE  about  3,000  bags  chiefly  at  1l  s.  9d.  per  cwt.  Aracan  have  changed  hands  PRICES  OF  PROVISIONS  IN  ST.  JOHN'S,  MARKET,  SATUR SATURDAY,  DAY, SATURDAY,  Oct.  1,  1853  :-Beef,  from  sd.  to  7-id.  per  lb.  ;  Mutton,  from  6d.  to  ;  Veal,  7d.  to  Bd.  ;  Lamb,  Fresh  Pork,  6d.  to  71d.;  Lobsters,  Is.  2d.  to  ls.  3d  ..  Cod  Fish,  4d.  to  7d.  ;  Soles,  6d,  to  Bd.  ;  Bret,  7d.  to  Turbot,  10d.  411)  ls.  4d.  ;  Haddocks,  4d.  to  6d.  ;  Fowls,  2s.  8d  to  3s.  per  couple  ;  Ducks,  3s.  6d.  to  ss.  do.;  Geese,  3s.  3d.  to  ss.  9d.  each;  Turkeys,  3s.  10d.  to  6s.  do.;  Hares,  2s.  9d.  per  couple;  Rabbits,  Is.  6d.  to  2s.  2d.  do.  ;  Pigeons,  ls.  10d.  do.  ;  Grouse,  4s.  to  ss.  per,  brace  ;  'Black  Game,  6s.  6d.  do.  ;  Pheasants,  6s.  6d.  ;  Partridges,  3s.  do.  ;  Snipes,  Os.  Bd.  each  ;  Larks,  Is.  3d.  per  dozen  ;  Fresh  Butter  Is.  2d.  to  is.  3d.  per  ib  ;  Salt  ditto,  9d.  to  Is.;  Eggs,  6s.  Bd.  to  6s.  9d.  per  124  ;  Potatoes,  Is.  to  ls.  3d.  per  peck  ;  Strawberries,  Goose•  Denies  Currants-Red  and:White,  ...  Damsons  6d.  Per  quart  ;  Peas  ..  Asparagus,  per  100  ;  Cucumbers;  4d.  to  7d.  each  ;  Apricots,  4s.  per  dozen  ;  Cherries,  ..  Filberts,  Is.  per  lb;  Grapes,  Foreign,  10d.  to  Is.  do.;  English  ditto,  2s.  do.;  Pines  English,  ss.  ;  Peaches,  7d.  each  Nectaiins,  4d.  do  Salmon  GLASGOW  IRON  MARKET,  OCTOBER  BTO.  Our  pig  iron  market  has  been  very  firm  to-day,  with  l'mited  transactions  at  645.  cash,  for  warrants,  closing  sellers  at  that  price,  No.  I  is  quoted  at  about  6js.  Gartsherrie,  725.  6d,  SHARE  MARKETS.-  -SATURDAY  LIVERPOOL.There  was  a  great  variety  of  business  to today,  day, today,  but  little  variation  from  yesterday's  rates.  The  transac transactions  tions transactions  were,  Birkenhead,  Lancashire  and  Cheshire,  11i  11  ;  Caledonian,  241  25  ;  Cork  and  Bandon,  14  144  ;  East  Lan.  cashire,  151  ;  Great  Western,  80  81  ;  Great  Southren  and  Western,  4911  501;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  62i  631;  Liverpool,  Chester  and  Southport,  154  - STYLE=superscript  161  ;  London  and  North  Western,  102  103  ;  London  and  North  Western,  I.  shares,  new,  .1  ;  Midland,  6.,+,  6.;  Shrewsbury  and  Hereford,  2k  11;  Royal  Insurance,  •1  6  3]  8  9.  MANCHESTER  . STYLE=superscript  —We  have  had  a  steady  market  to  -day,  fhere  has  been  no  material  change  in  prices  :  24-  4 STYLE=superscript  4  ;  East  Anglian,  pref.  6  per  cent.  3  11-16  ;  East  Lancashire,  15g  ;-  Edinburgh  and  Glas Glasgow,  gow, Glasgow,  30  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  621  ;  Midland  Railway  Consols,  59i  ;  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  17i  11-16.  with  but  little  business  GLASGOW,—The  share  market  was  quiet  •  to  day,  with  little  alteration  in  prices  from  those  of  yesterday,  some  sales  were  made  as  under,  Caledonian,  at  50  to  bO,l  ;  Glasgow  and  South  Western,  6l  ;  Scottish  Central,  489  ;  2  Stirling  and  Dunfermline,  12'  DUI3LI  —Consols;  911-  ;  bier  cent.  'Stock  ?-4,  paid  24;  Mining  Company  of  Ireland,  7/,  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway,  £5O  50i:  National  Bank,  2'z;-t  paid,  IV"
