text
"AMERICA.  The  Screw  Steamer  Glasgow  arrived  in  the  Clyde  this  morning  at  one  o'clock,  from  New  York,  with  three  days  later  news.  She  has  made  the  passage  in  twelve  days  and  a  half.  The  Africa,  from  Liverpool,  arrived  out  at  New  York  on  the  4th.  The  following  is  a  report  of  the  New  York  markets  :  ASHES.—About  50  barrels  Pot,  were  sold  at  5  dollars.  i STYLE=superscript  i  t STYLE=superscript  nnikesTuFFs.—The  market  for  Western  State  Flour,  under  the  Africa's  news,  advanced  from  181  to  25  cents.  SOUTHERN  FLoun  has  improved  122  to  181  cents  per  h  rrel  R:ilp.s  were  merle  of.  cni.  nrvirtm-rt  to  good  brands.  Other  kindS  of  Flour  and  Meal  were  held  higher.  WHEAT  had  advanced--RYE  was  steady.—Bin-  LEY  unchanged.  OATS  better.  COTTON.-  - STYLE=superscript  The  market  has  'not  been  materially  affected  by  the  steamer's  news.  Although  the  weather  was  quite  favourable,  total  sales  of  last  day  565  bales.  LINSEED  OIL  lower.  Sales  made  of  4,000  gallons  English,  at  66  to  67  cents,  American  was  selling  n  lots  from  store  at  67  to  69  cents.  PORK  was  rather  firmer,  with  a  good  demand.  FREIGHTS  TO  LIVERPOOL.  Corn  taken  at  121  to  13  ;  wheat,  13;  flour,  3s  3d  to  3s  9d  ;  cotton,  id  to  3-16  d.  The  Stock  market  was  buoyant  and  active.  Exchange  flat  at  1091  for  prime  signatures  on  London,  and  very  good  bills  are  offered  at  1098  to  1091,  the  tendency  being  downwards.  The  Glasgow  brings  no  political  news,  of  im  portance.  THE  WEST  INDIA  MAIL.  The  West  India  mail-steamer,  Solent,  arrived  yesterday  morning  at  Southampton,  with  211,3061.  in  specie,  forty  five  passengers,  and  advices  from  Demerara  to  the  25th  ;  Jamaica,  26th  ;  Barbadoes,  27th,  ult.,  and  St.  Thomas's  to  the  Ist  inst.  The  session  of  the  legislature  had  commenced,  and  Sir  Henry  Barkley  had  delivered  his  speech.  The  mining  operations  were  very  successful  ;  and  the  most  favorable  accounts  are  given  of  the  agricultural  prospects  of  Jamaica.  Business  generally  was  dull,  and  produce  scarcely  so  high  in  value.  Corn  was  becoming  scarce,  as  was  also  tonnage.  Exchange  on  London,  at  ninety  days,  was  quoted  at  1  per  cent.  premium;  sixty  days,  11;  and  thirty  days,  2  per  cent.  In  Grenada,  owing  to  a  great  quantity  of  wet  weather,  the  crops  were  small,  and  from  scarcity  of  labour  could  not  be  got  in  in  time•  At  St.  Vincent's,  crops  very  backward,  owing  to  constant  rain  and  scarcity  of  labour  Fever  was  very  prevalent  at  Grenada  and  St.  Vincent,  but  troops  healthy.  The  order  for  withdrawing  white  troops  caused  great  dissatisfaction.  At  Demerara,  fever  in  its  most  malignant  form  had  began  its  ravages,  confining  itself,  however,  to  new  arrivals  and  shipping.  Weather  favorable.  A  FURIOUS  FIIILY.—Au  Irish  labourer  named  Hugh  Fury,  while  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  in  a  spirit  shop  in  Glasgow,  on  the  night  of  Monday  last,  fastened  a  party  quarrel  upon  an  elderly  man  named  Alexander  Brown.  Fury  boasted  that  he  was  the  brightest  Orangeman  in  the  house.  I  am  no  party  said  Brown,  lam  a  Then,  bedad  said  the  furious  Fury,  a  Freemason  killed  my  and  he  struck  down  the  brother  of  the  mystic  tie  in  a  twinkling.  Fury  was  fined  a  guinea  on  Wednesday  at  the  police-court.  NEW  ARCTIC  EXPEDITION.  —It  was  unanimously  agreed  at  the  meeting  of  the  members  of  the  Geographical  Society,  on  Monday  night  last,  that  the  chairman,  Sir  Roderick  Murchison,  should  solicit  the  admiralty  to  send  out  an another  other another  expedition  to  the  arctic  regions,in STYLE=superscript  the  summ  er  o  f  1854.  None  of  the  solicitations  of  the  society  have  hitherto  been  made  in  vain.  It  is  not  int  en  t  e  d  at  present  to  send  out  any  more  expeditions  in  search  of  Sir  John  Franklin  and  his  missing  companions  in  a  north-west  direc direction,  tion, direction,  although  further  supplies  will,  if  found  requisite,  be  sent  to  Bpechey  Island  for  Sir  Edward  Belcher's  expedi expedition.  tion. expedition.  The  new  .4.rcti.c  expedition  is  intented  to  proceed  in  quite  a  contrary  direction  to  any  of  those  previously  sent  out  from  this  country  in  search  of  Sir  John  Franklin  and  the  officers  and  crews  of  the  Erebus  and  Terror  discovery  ships,  now  upwards  of  eight  years  absent  from.  England.  The  Phoenix  screw  steam-sloop  will  be  again  commissiond  by  Captain  Edward  Englefield,  F.R.S.,  who  was  presented  with  a  gold  medal  by  the  Geographical  Society  at  the  last  meeting,  and  he  will  proceed  to  the  arctic  regions  in  her,  and  endeavour  to  make  a  passage  into  the  Polar  Sea  to  the  north-east  of  Spitzbergen.  In  addition  to  the  English  bottles  found  some  time  ago  on  the  coast  of  Siberia,  and  forwarded  to  England  by  the  Russian  Government,  in intelligence  telligence intelligence  has  been  received  that  several  deer  has  been  found  at  Spitzbergen  with  their  ears  cut,  a  proof  that  they  had  been  in  the  hands  of  persons  who  had  adopted  that  English  mode  of  marking  them.  The  admiralty  have  liberally  granted  £5O  to  each  of  the  gunroom  officers,  and  £35  to  each  of  the  other  officers  of  the  Phoenix  screw  steam-sloop,  as  compensation  for  the  expenses  they  had  incurred  in  pro providing  viding providing  for  their  mess  for  a  longer  period  than  their  recent  four  months'  voyage  would  have  warranted  for  so  short  a  period,  and  as  they  had  prepared  their  stocks  to-  last  for  the  winter  had  they  been  frozen  up  during  their  pro progress.  gress. progress.  DR.  BOWRING'S  LECTURE  ON  DECIMAL  CURRENCY,  Yesterday,  at  two  o'clock,  a  lecture  on  decimal  currency  was  delivered  at  the  Collegiate  Institution  by  Dr.  Bowring,  who  has  recently  returned  from  China.  The  scholars  of  the  institution  were  present,  but  otherwise,  owing  to  the  short shortness  ness shortness  of  the  notice  given,  there  was  not  a  large  attendance.  Mr.  Was.  BROWN  introduced  the  learned  gentleman  to  the  audience  ;  he  remarked  that  he  had  come  at  considerable  inconvenience  from  Bolton  to  deliver  those  leetureth  Dr.  Bownieret  then  came  forward,  and  was  loudly  ap applauded.  plauded. applauded.  He  said  he  felt  gratification  to  be  enabled  in  any  '7;*y  to  co-operate  le  t STYLE=superscript  -111.the  excellent  exertions  of  his  valuable  friend,  Me.  - STYLE=superscript  Browe,  Who  had  been  endeavouring,  and  he  believed  successfully  endeavouring  to  supersede  diet  strange  and  barbarous  systeni  which  lied  pdssession  of  the  `eoinage  and  curie*  of  this  Country,  and  to  introduce  some something  thing something  more  intelligible,  more  simple,  and,  of  course,  practi practically  cally practically  more  useful.  How  it  had  happened,  considering  that  the  Divine  being  had  given  to  every  one  of  them  a  decimal  ele element—ten  ment—ten element—ten  fingers—wherewith  all  ilaqons  began  to  count;  how  it  had  happened  that  they  has  introduced  into  their  eyeterd  so  much  of  entanglement  and  annoyance  as  were  as associated  sociated associated  with  the  different  forms  that  we  employ  was  very  difficult  to  understand.  For  a  decimal  system  seemed  so  natural  that  one  of  the  great  authors  of  antiquity,  Aristotle,  said  It  seems  the  law  of  nature  that  10;  100;  and  1,000  should  be  adopted,  Otherwise  it  is  impossible  to  explain  their  universality  ;  not  only  amongst  civilised,  but  amongst  unci uncivilised  vilised uncivilised  He  dared  to  say  there  were  many  of  his  young  friends  around  him  who  were  able  to  read  the  Odyssey,  and  there  was  one  of  the  earliest  records  of  what  might  be  called  elenientary  deeiteal  netetioh.  they,  per perhaps.  haps. perhaps.  recollected  that  Proteus  was  introduced  as  counting  the  Phocce  or  sea  calves,  and  the  poet  said,  before  he  sat  down  amongst  the  seals  he  arranged  them  all  in  fives  as  shepherds  range  their  flocks,  and  then  he  laid  down  to  sleep  amongst  Mr.  John  Quincey  Adams  in  an  extremely  valuable  report  which  he  made  to  the  eongtees  in  Anierica,  says,  and  with  great  truth,  the  debit  - STYLE=superscript  nal  system  existed  before  the  They  were  aware  lercipably  that  the  greatest  'Umber  that  had  been  found  antecedent  to  the  deluge  Was  the  number  of  years  of  Methuselah,  which  were  recorded  by  hundreds,  tens,  and  units.  According  - STYLE=superscript  to  Owl:,  arrangement  it  could  be  put  down  by  three  simple  figures  ;  but  the  Romans  were  so  little  advanced  in  the  art  of  notation  according  to  the  system  employed  by  them,  nine  figures  were  necessary  to  record  969.  Throughout  all  history,  the  bible,  all  the  early  Greek  and  Ronian  histofiene,  we  find  .every .everything  thing .everything  wrote  as  it  were  around  lerge  niinibeke,  and  around  decinial  minebers.  Tens;  liundieds,  thoneandS,  hundreds  of  thonsende,  and  eVeri  Millions  had  always  been  found  the  Most  convenient  system  of  notation.  He  said  before  that  amongst  all  nations  the  fingers,  which  they  knew  represented  the  digits,  were  almost  universally  employed  for  the  purpose  of  accountancy  and  if  they  Wonld  hollow  him  a  little  through  this  enormous  and  magnificent  power  which  had  been  created  by  the  decimal  system,  they  would  see  what  an  enormous  instrument  it  had  been  to  assist  calculations  which  withot  it  were  totally  impossible.  Rude  nations  seldom  go  beyond  the  number  ten.  There  was  one  nation  they  knew  of  which  had  only  two  numerals,  one  representing  one;  and  the  other  representing  a  niultitdde,  and  there  Were  expressions  in  the  language  by  which  the  difference  between  one  and  the  many  was  recorded.  It  was  easy  enough  for  a  savage  to  get  a  notion  of  5,  and  even  an  idea  of  10  ;  and  there  were  a  many,  a  great  many  languages;  in  which  the  word  five  was  re represented  presented represented  by  one  hand,  and  the  word  by  two  hands.  Even  in  one  of  our  modern  languages  the  word  for  ten  and  the  word  for  toes,—he  spoke  of  the  German  language—was  employed  to  represent  the  numeral  ten.  Now,  the  multitude  of  languages  in  the  world  was  very  little  understood.  He  believed  that  at  this  moment  there  were  no  less  than  about  3,000  various  languages  spoken  in  the  various  parts  of  the  world.  In  pursuing  ,some  of  his  enquiries  he  had  examined  about  four  hundred  of  the  numerals  in  four  hun hundred  dred hundred  African  languages,  and  in  a  great  number  of  those  the  reckoning  went  on  from  1,2,  3,4,  5,  on  the  fingers  of  the  left  hand,  and  then  6  was  made  by  one  finger  of  the  righ  hand,  7  by  two  fingers,  and  so  on  up  to  ten,  which  was  represented  by  both  hands.  A  great  many  nations  which  had  got  to  the  point  of  reckoning  20;  tepeaented  it  by  the  hands  and  the  feet;  called  20,  the  human  being  or  complete  man  ;  and  some  savage  nations  had  gone  as  far  as  60  or  80  :,  they  said  two  men  represented  40,  three  men  60,  and  four  men  80.  All  those  ideas,  they  would  observe.  had  been  by  the  decimal  system.  Amongst  the  ancients,  the  Peruvians  had  made  the  greatest  intellectual  progress;  and  Humboldt  gave  a  very  curious  list  of  their  numerals,  showing  that  like  ourselves  they  proceeded  from  one  to  ten,  from  ten  to  a  hundred,  from  hundreds  to  thousands,  and  from  thousands  to  a  million,  always  keeping  their  accounts  in  decimal  rotation.  Now,  the  discovery  of  the  decimal  power,  was  probably  ono  of  the  greatest  instances  of  human  progress,  and  tended  more  to  promote  all  calculating  knowledge  than  any  discovery  that  is  recorded  in  the  history  of  human  improvement.  What  the  telescope  had  done  to  enable  them  to  penetrate  the  remotest  distances—and  he  would  mention  it,  as  a  most  extraordinary  result,  that  its  powers  had  now  W  a  putt,.  IVIiI,II  CI3IA  1.)  MAMA  lii  tale  country  placed  himself  at  a  distance  of  only  14  miles  from  the  moon,  and  saw  everything  in  the  moon  which  could  be  seen  at  a  distance  of  14  miles  on  the  terrestrial  lobe—yet,  even  that,  the  power  of  the  telescope,  was  less  in  its  con consequences  sequences consequences  than  the  power  exercised  by  him  who  had  mastered  decimal  notation.  And,  whilst  on  the  other  hand,  the  micro microscope  scope microscope  enabled  them  to  see  objects  altogether  beyond  the  reach  of  our  usual  faculties,  and  to  magnify  them  to  an  extent  that  an  invisible  creature  might  be  made  as  large  as  the  building  in  which  he  was  addressing  them,  the  decimal  power  of  diminution  and  division  was  even  greater  than  that  of  the  microscope.  Perhaps  one  of  the  most  extraordi extraordinary  nary extraordinary  intellects  that  ever  grasped  magnificent  thoughts  was  that  of  Archimedes.  Aud  when  Archimedes  was  told  that  the  sands  of  the  sea  were  innumerable,  he  denied  the  posi posi)ion,  )ion, posi)ion,  and  said,  Not  only  are  the  sands  of  the  sea  not  innu innumerable,  merable, innumerable,  but  I  will  find  the  means  of  estimating  them.  Aye  !  I  will  estimate  more  than  the  sands  of  the  sea,  for  I  have  discovered  a  method,  the  application  of  a  system,  by  which  (what  Greek  classics  called  Cosmos,  which  was  the  whole  universe,  and  which  he  dared  to  say  many  of  them  were  aware  comprised  the  whole  extent  of  the  celestial  spheres— spheresall  all spheresall  that  the  ancients  held  to  extend  between  earth  as  the  centre,  and  the  planets  and  stars  as  the  circumference),  if  a  globe  of  that  enormous  and  almost  inconceivable  size  could  be  constructed  and  filled  with  grains  of  Archimedes  said,  have  the  means  of  calculating  and  his  only  instrument  was  decimal  notation.  Now  if  any  one  wanted  to  see  the  value  of  this  great  power,  let  him  take  any  other  number  than  10,  and  see  how  soon  he  got  lost  in  the  at attempt  tempt attempt  to  advance.  Let  him  take  2,  and  go  on  multiplying  it  into  itself.  Well,  twice  2  was  was  4  ;  four  times  4  was  16  ;  sixteen  times  16  was  256  ;  but  it  would  take  a  very  sharp  youth  indeed  to  tell  what  256  multiplied  by  itself  be became,  came, became,  even  if  they  limited  themselves  to  the  force  of  what  was  called  fifth  power.  Take  3  and  the  result  was  the  same,  and  when  they  came  to  the  third  or  fifth  power,  he  doubted  if  many  could  make  the  calculation  without  the  aid  of  a  slate,  and  the  devotion  of  some  time  to  the  subject.  It  was  not  only  a  phrase,  but  the  decimal  system  had  approved  itself  so  much  to  the  common  sense  of  the  community,  that  they  invariably  employed  it  in  the  ordinary  every  day  phraseology  of  life.  The  Spaniard  said,  in  a  complimentary  way,  May  you  live  a  thousand  and  the  kind  mother  said  to  her  children,  I  will  give  you  a  million  of  If  they  looked  through  the  Bible  they  would  find  that  decimal  points  were  constantly  occurring,  and  that  de decimals  cimals decimals  were  much  more  frequently  found  than  any  other  numbers.  Look,  for  instance,  at  100  ;  it  is  of  very  frequent  occurrence,  and  look  for  101,  and  perhaps  you  will  not  find  it  all.  Look  for  10,  and  it  is  found  in  a  prodigious  number  of  places,  but  neither  9  or  11  was  of  frequent  employment.  The  Greeks,  or  what  were  called  the  classical  nations,  were  undoubtedly  the  most  advanced,  and  they  bad  gone  so  far  as  to  find  efficient  characters  to  represent  as  many  as  eight  numbers.  They  could  reach  the  point  of  recording  99,999,999,  and  it  was  at  this  point  Archimedes  took  up  the  question  to  which  I  have  referred.  The  Romans  did  not  go  so  far  as  the  Greeks.  The  Greeks  used  the  word  muriados,  which  we  translate  myriad,  and  in  the  most  ancient  writers  it  was  generally  found  to  represent  something  immense,  and  not  defined,  and  in  the  progress  of  time  it  became  a  definite  term,  and  myriads  employed  by  itself  was  the  highest  point  to  which  the  Greeks  ordinarily  reached;  the  highest  number  that  was  taught  in  their  schools.  That  was  the  point  from  which  Archimedes  started  ;  and  if  we  take  this  decimal  point  of  a  myriad,  10,000,  and  multiply  it  by  itself,  which  makes  the  million,  and  multiply  this  million  by  itself  until  billions  come,  and  trillions,  quadrillions,  and  centrillions,  there  is  no  amount  to  which  I  cannot  reach.  Nothing  but  the  decimal  system  would  enable  our  astronomers  to  calculate  the  distance  of  the  heavenly  bodies.  It  would  be  perfectly  impossible  to  do  so  by  any  other  form  of  nota notation;  tion; notation;  but  by  that  means  they  were  aware  that  calculations  had  become  so  accurate  astronomers  had  been  enabled,  by  the  decimal  system,  to  go  up  to  what  was  called  the  24tu  state,  and  there  was  scarcely  a  distance,  or  scarcely  an  unit  that  escaped  human  sagacity,  ,and  probably  one  of  the  noblest  results  of  the  power  of  numbers  was  that  which  enabled  two  or  three  individuals,  c6ntemporaneously,  to  make  a  great  discovery  by  the  art  of  decimal  calculation,  and  to  announce  to  the  world  that  unless  there  were  a  planet  far  beyond  what  the  knowledge  of  ancient  times  extended  to,  and  a  planet  unknown  even  to  modern  discovery,  it  was  impos impossible  sible impossible  that  certain  appearances  of  the  Heavenly  bodies  could  be  accounted  for;  and  so  correct  were  the  calculations  of  Mr.  Adams  in  this  country,  and  of  M.  Veriere  in  France,  they  announced  that  at  a  certain  time  it  was  impossible  that  a  planet  should  not  exist  in  a  particular  locality.  They  were  aware  that  having  announced  that  a  ,philosopher  in  Ger Germany  many Germany  had  the  fortune  to  discover  the  new  planet  Neptune  in  the  very  spot  where  it  was  announced  it  must  necessarily  be,  that  was  one  of  the  great  triumphs  of  decimal  arithmetic.  He  mentioned  that  the  Roman  notation  was  very  imperfect,  and  many  of  them  knew  they  had  no  higher  number  in  their  lan languagethan  guagethan languagethan  centum  and  mu  le  ,  loo  and  1,000.  The  word  million  was  of  modern  origin;  it  was  introduced  on  the  breaking  up  of  the  Roman  empire,  by  the  Italians  ;  meaning  nothing  nothing  more  or  less  than  a  large  mill.  A  great  many  ancient  nations  used  their  alphabets  as  a  means  of  enume enumeration,  ration, enumeration,  and  of  course  those  alphabets  were  very  limited  in  their  powers.  The  nation  that  first  conceived  the  idea—he  spoke  not  of  speculations  of  great  philosophers,  solitary  men  such  as  he  had  referred  to—but  the  first  nation  that  pub published  lished published  a  decimal  system  and  understood  it  were  the  Orien Orientals,  tals, Orientals,  and  particularly  the  Bhuddists,  and  those  who  employed  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  the  language  derived  from  the  Sanscrit.  Ile  would  give  them  a  notion  of  the  manner  in  which  an  idea  was  conveyed  to  the  ancient  Orientals  of  enorniotts  numbers,  by  explaining  what  was  their  theory  of  what  was  called  the  existence  of  Bhudda.  They  knew,  perhaps,  it  was  a  belief  amongst  the  Bhuddists  that  there  had  been  a  succession  of  gods,  who,  from  time  to  time,  had  ruled  the  earth,  and  they  held  that  human  beings,  by  adequate  devotion,  and  an  enormous  amount  of  virtue,  might  himself  be  beatified,  and  so  become  a  deity  . STYLE=superscript  ;  Now,  what  was  the  first  process  ?  They  had  laid  down  as  a  principle  that  for  a  certain  number  of  years,  a  nian  'Mist  keep  himself  holy  and  sinless,  but  of  those  millions  of  years  they  had  laid  the  groundwork  in  a  most  extraordinary  calculation,  namely,  that  if  there  were  a  large  cubic  mass  of  granite,  and  if  once  in  100,000  years  a  being  were  to  pas  3  over  it  clad  in  light  muslin  garments,  that  man  passing  over  it  must  cause  ascertain  amount  of  attritition,  and  wear  away  a  Certain  portion  of  stone  ;  and  they  supposed  that  this  being  was  to  pass  over  this  stone  once  in  100,000  years,  and  they.p  said  by  passing  over  it  a  certain  portion  of  stone  would  be  removed,  and  the  first  starting  point  would  be  when  the  enormous  mass  of  granite  should  be  reduced  to  the  size  of  a  grain  of  sand.  Well,  having  got  this  for  a  starting  point,  then  they  go  on  to  say  when  millions  and  millions  of  those  periods  had  passed,  the  individual  would  be  reputed  to  deification.  He  mentioned  this  as  one  of  those.  most  extraordinary  attempts  by  which  our  finite  facul faculties  ties faculties  liad  endeavoured  to  reach  what  wa.s:infinite  and  by  which  the  instructors  of  the  people  had  sought  to  give  them  some  notion  of  infinite  knowledge.  Next  to  the  discovery  of  the  enormous  decimal  power  to  which  he  had  referred,  the  introduction  of  the  Arabic  numerals  was  probably  the  great greatest  est greatest  benefit  conferred  on  dvilisation.  Ike  „spoke  of  Roman  numerals,  with  which  most  of  themwere  Familiar,  and  they  perhaps  knew  of  what  those  consisted.  They  took  the  first  point  of  10,  which  was  an  X  ;  they  cut  it  in  two,  and  of  it  they  made  5.  At  the  next  stage  they  took  the  next  decimal  point,  which  was  100,  and  they  perhaps  knew  the  form  of  the  ancient  C,  which  was  not  rounded  as  we  should  write  it.  This  they  again  cut  in  two,  and  thcx  made  it  50,  and  they  took  the  next  stage,  which  Was,  having  got  2  5,  10,  50,  100,  they  took  the  next  Stage,  whiCh  was  the  highest,  to  which  they  reached  mu  le  ,  .  and  according  to  the  old  form  they  divided  it  into  two,  which  made  500.  But  nnneeivo  tho  difficulty  ur  nailing  up  a  sum-if  the  business  were  addition,  or  subtracting  a  sum  if  subtracting  were  work,  with  only  the  Roman  numerals.  Nothing  could  be  more  complicated  or  more  confused,  and  the  consequence  Was  they  newer  found  high  numbers  introduced  amongst  the  classic  writings  of  Rome.  There  was  some  obScurity  about  the  period  in  which  what  we  Called.  Arabic  numerals;  Mit  which  ought  to  be  called  Indian  numerals,  for  the  Arabs  themselves  called  them  Indian-there  was  some  obscurity  about  the  period  at  which  they  were  first  known,  but  there  were  traces  of  them  in  the  fifth  and  sixth  centuries,  and  with  Arabic  writers  they  are  often  found  in  the  tenth  and  eleventh.  We  owed  them  to  the  Arabs  whO  introduced  them  into  Spain,  and  in  the  thirteenth  and  fourteenth  century  they  made  their  way  into  the  commercial  accounts  of  Italy,  and  in  the  fifteenth  and  sixteenth  they  obtained  very  general  accepta acceptation  tion acceptation  throughout  the  civilised  world.  The  power  of  the  Arab  numerals  consisted  in  this,  that  with  those  9  figures  which  were  called  units,  all  they  had  to,  do,  in  order  to  increase  and  augment  or  to  diminish  their  value,  was  to  place  them  in  a  position,  and  this,  which  arithmeticans  called  the  power  of  place,  was  in  fact  the  great  power  of  the  Arabian  numerals  ;  by  placing  them  to  the  right  or  the  left  they  were  able  to  record  any  conceiveable  amount,  and  this  with  those  of  numerals  alone.  This  was  in  fact  a  great  secret  of  this  enormous  arithmetical  power.  They  took,  for  instance  1,  and  added  0  to  it  and  it  became  10,  another  0  aud  it  became  100,  and  by  continuing  to  add  noughts  to  this  simple  de dement,  ment, dement,  they,  lost  themselves  in  amounts  which  language  could  scarcely  afford  the  power  of  expressing.  He  (Dr.  Bowring)  observed  that  it  was  expected  he  ghould  say  something  with  respect  to  rotation  and  the  prevalence  of  the  decimal  system  in  China.  Ho  believed  it  had  been  in  China  not  only  of  in infinite  finite infinite  use,  but  of  infinite  comfort,  and  one  of  the  most  valua valuable  ble valuable  instruments  of  education  which  had  ever  been  held  by  an  instructer  or  introduced  into  a  school.  They  carried  their  inquiries  very  far;  and  a  Chinaman,  by  the  employment  of  those  five  figures,  could,  by  the  decimal  system,  reckon  up  100,000.  Every  figure  was  made  to  represent  the  nine  digits,  the  nine  primary  numerals,  and  the  way  in  which  he  made  9  was,  he  began  by  the  little  finger,  and  counted  the  joints,  and  reckoned  1,2,  3,4,  5,6,  7,8,  9.  For  the  three  first  he  counted  the  joints  up  one  way,  for  the  throe  last  he  counted  the  same  joints  the  other  way,  up  and  down,  whilst  for  the  middle  figures,  4,4,  d,  he  counted  the  joints  on  the  other  side.  Having  accomplished  10  by  his  little  finger,  he  goes  on  to  hundreds,  at  the  next,  which  he  called  the  ring  finger,  and  that  re represented  presented represented  100,  200,  300,  400,  500,  600,  700,  800,  900,  and  then  he  proceeded  to  the  third,  finger,  and  then  on  this  mul multiplied  tiplied multiplied  thousands  ;  and  by  piecisely  the  same  process  he  goes  up  again  to  1,000,  2,000,  3,000,  4,000,  and  so  on  to  10,000,  and  next,  as  he  before  told  them,  to  100,000,  and  this  was  no  more  or  less  than  the  application  of  the  decimal  system  ;  but  if  he  employed  his  right  hand  as  well  as  his  left,  it  was  quite  clear  he  could  go  to  what  was  called  the  fifth  power  further  in  this  manner  of  calculation,  and  reckon  millions,  eumais,  gnat/  'act,  bLLLL,  WU,  NIVr,  by  a  simple  application  of  the  decimal  systeni,  and  of  this  valuable  instrument  which  the  Divine  Being  had  given  to  them  all  ;  and  all  he  shikild  recommend  his  friend  Mr.  Brown  to  do,  if  he  found  any  difficulty  in  convincing  a  man  of  the  enormous  value  of  this  decimal  system,  was  really  to  bold  up  his  ten  fingers,  and  show  what  a  wonderful  mystery  was  solved  by  their  use,  what  difficulties  were  got  over,  and  what  marvellous  accounts  might  be  reckoned  up.  In  China  all  the  young  people  were  very  fond  of  arithmetic,  and  ad admirably  mirably admirably  did  they  learn  it.  He  ventured  to  say  they  learned  more  in  a  month  than  could  be  learned  in  an  English  school  in  a  year.  They  did  not  trouble  themselves  with  the  non-  Be  nce  of  compound  addition,  compound  subtraction,  com compound  pound compound  multiplication,  and  division.  What  did  it  mean  ?  Could  anything  be  conceived  more  barbarian  than  the  idea  of  taking  one  column  and  adding  it  up,  and  dividing  it  by  four,  which  we  call  farthings,  aud  then  another  column,  which  we  call  pence,  adding  that  up  and  dividing  it  by  12,  calling  them  shillings,  and  then  they  added  up  another  column  and  divided  it  by  20,  which  they  called  pounds  ;  and  they  did  not  divide  them  at  all,  but  they  went  on  adding  hundreds,  thousands,  and  millions.  (Applause.)  He  recol recollected  lected recollected  a  speech  of  Mt.  Brown's  which  he  had.  read,  and  it  reminded  him  of  what  he  had  heard  in  his  boyhood  repeated  a  hundred  times,  under  the  instruction  of  their  nonsensical  system  :-  is  my  vexation,  Division  is  twice  as  bad,  The  Rule  of  Three  it  puzzles  me,  And  Fractions  set  me  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  He  hoped  the  time  was  not  far  off  when  they  should  get  rid  of  all  this  vexation  and  non nonsense,  sense, nonsense,  and  introduce  a  system  which  is  universal  in  China,  and  not  only  in  China,  but  in  a  great  part  of  the  civilized  world.  He  (Dr.  Bowring)  had  the  pleasure  of  making  his  friend,  Mr.  Brown,  acquainted  with  a  simple  instrument  employed  by  all  schools  in  China,  and  by  which  all  their  calculations  were  made.  It  was  exceedingly  simple,  and  was  the  application  of  the  principle  he  had  mooted  to  them.  The  instrument  was  called  Livampoa,  and  meant  a  calculat calculating  ing calculating  board  or  platter,  and  there  were  balls  which  moved  along.  The  lowest  ball  represented  units,  and  they  went  on  in  order  representing,  hundreds,  thousands,  hundreds  of  thousands,  and  millions.  By  means  of  thisinstrument  all  calculations  were  made  with  the  greatest  possible  facility,  and  he  (Dr.  Bowring)  stated  before  the  committee  of  the  House  of  Com Commons,  mons, Commons,  of  which  his  honorable  and  excellent  friend,  Mr,  Brown  was  the  chairman,  of  whom  he  ventured  to  say,  if  he  suc succeeded  ceeded succeeded  in  introducing  the  decimal  system,  he  would  be  one  of  the  greatest  possible  benefactors  that  this  country  had  ever  seen.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Dr.  Bowring)  stated  to  him  that  he  had  scarcely  ever  detected  an  inaccuracy  in  any  account,  whether  they  were  the  large  accounts  which  he  kept  on  behalf  of  the  government,  or  the  small  accounts  which  he  kept  for  the  petty  expenditure  of  his  household,-  hewarcely  ever  detected,  in  fact  never  detected,  an  error  in  in  the  accounts  kept  by  the  Chinese  with  the  assistance  of  this  abacus;  on  the  contrary  if  a  case  occurred  in  which  his  accounts  did  not  agree  with  those  of  his  servants  and  clerks,  he  found,  without  any  exception  he  was  in  the  wrong,  and  that  they  were  in  the  right.  Nothing  really  can  be  .  more  absurd  than  the  whole  system  of  British  accountancy.  When  the  governor  of  the  Bank  of  England  was  introduced  to  the  committe  he  was  desired  to  give  some  explanation  of  the  ancient  way  in  which  the  bank  carried  on  its  calculations  in  order  to  estimate  the  value  of  an  ingot  of  gold.  New  acts  of  parliament  have  regulated  the  various  conditions  by  which  the  value  was  to  be  ascertained,  and  the  first  condition  was  that,  in  order  to  be  what  was  called  standard,  it  should  have  two  pads  in  twenty-four  of  alloy;  and  then  came  an  act  of  parliament  which  declared  that,  being  brought  to  this  standard  of  purity,  or  rather  impurity,  it  should  be  sold  by  a  special  form  of  weight,  called  troy  weight,  by  the  pounds,  ounces,  pennyweights,  and  grains  troy  ;  and  then  another  act  of  parliament  declared  that  it  was  to  be  paid  for  at  the  rate  of  a  17s.  100.  per  oz.  troy.  Now  if  any  of  them  wanted,  with  comfort  to  themselves,  to  make  an  agreeable  calculation,  he  recommended  them  to  fan  that  some  friend  had  remitted  to  them  from  California  or  Australia  an  ingot  of  gold,  and  they  would  say  to  this  ingot  of  gold,  inasmuch  as  no  gold  was  ever  produced  by  nature  at  the  standard  required  by  law,  they  would  suppose  this  ingot  was  one-twelfth  under  or  over  the  standard,  and  it  should  weigh  21bs.  2oz.  2  pennyweights  and  2  grains,  and  it  should  be  paid  for  as  he  mentioned  at  775.  lop.,  and  he  would  be  a  very  clever  fellow  who  would  tell  him  the  value  of  the  ingot.  He  did  not  mean  to  say  it  could  not  be  done  by  an  intelligent  youth,  but  no  youtb,  however  intelligent,  would  be  able  to  make  out  such  a  sum-a  sum  which  was  of  hourly  and  daily  occurrence  in  the  Bank  of  England  without  an  enormous  amount  of  labour.  And  he  thought  the  gover governor  nor governor  of  the  Bank  of  England  stated  they  had  been  obliged,  the  necessity  of  the  thing  forced  them  to  adopt  the  decimal  system,  and  there  has  been  no  confusion  such  as  there  would  have  been  had  the  calculations  not  been  made  in  decimals.  Sir  John  Herschell,  who  gave  very  valuable  evidence,  stated  adulhwi  system,  a  e  riad  tdso  u  m  tih  n  npm  difficult  referencewoet  fact,aayr  sn  e  o  d  a  decimals  ;aba  ns  d  many  absurd,  o  i  n  t  t  all  ohr  as  t  bw  his  a  da  s  done,  1  t  c  a  l  t  a  t  hr  i  calculations  n  n  s  had  away  of  f  b  m  e  e  o  fnmr  escapinge  m  n.t  ,  andwhat  fhraodm  beenth  e  taannoyanceinsagTutopriadoi  wiser  of  this  a  and  d  non-decimal  be  tter  course.  system,  wasan  d  n  that  a  only  n  h  l  y  e  There  n  e  e  u  dw  :  va  d  aiv  s  lsb  ,  e  ianrd,  tpuh  shillings,  ope  uoyd  euse  ds;teaarntnlbdidno  sterling;  then  wordeontuhc  neep,dnootuthfhnaaedtpr  there  what  caries'  weight.  Nobody  knew  where  he  was.  They  used  the  word  hundred  weight.  One  would  suppose  that  a  cwt.  was  1001bs.  It  was  n..)  such  thing;  it  was  1121bs.  They  said  a  quarter  of  a  cwt.  If  a  party  saw  this  nuniter  employed,  and  had  not  been  initiated  into  the  labyrinths  of  their  sys system,  tem, system,  would  suppose  a  quarter  of  a  cwt.  was  281bs.  But  so  it  was  declared  to  be.  Then  with  respect  to  pounds.  Why,  he  had  been  inquiring  in  different  places  with  respect  to  pounds,  and  he  found  pounds  moving  up  from  12  to  24  oz.  So  strange  and  so  ridiculous  were  the  usages  of  the  country.  What  was  meant  by  a  dozen  in  our  language.  He  went  into  one  shop  and  he  was  told  12;  he  went  into  a  baker's  and  was  told  13.  What  was  meant  by  a  stone  ?  The  other  day,  at  Leeds,  he  inquired  about  a  stone,  and  found  there  were  stones  that  weighed  from  6to  181bs.  It  was  quite  certain  that  they  ought  to  get  out  of  this  absurd  system;  they  had  had  quite  enough  of  those  nonsensical  usages  amongst  them.  Would  it  be  believed  that  down  to  the  reign  of  George  the  Third,  public  accounts  were  kept  on  what  were  called  tallies.  They  scarcely  knew  what  a  tally  was.  A  tally  was  a  stick,  generally  a  piece  of  hazel  wood,  and  a  man  brought  a.  certain  amount  of  money  to  the  exchequer,  and  then  the  tally-  , STYLE=superscript  keeper  brought  in  a  piece  of  hazel  wood,  and  for  £l,OOO  a  large  notch  was  cut,  and  so  many  large  notches  for  thousands,  a  smaller  notch  for  hun hundreds,  dreds, hundreds,  a  notch  smaller  than  that  was  cut  for  £lO,  and  then  smaller  ones  for  tinitg,  and  a  smaller  one  again  for  shillings,  and  so  on  down  to  pence,  and  farthings,  and  then  the  tally  was  split  in  two,  and  the  man  went  away  with  one  half,  and  the  other  was  left  in  the  exchequer  •  and  if  there  was  any  question  about  the  accounts,  the  party  was  obliged  to  come  with  his  stick,  and,  if  found  correct,  the  ac accounts  counts accounts  were  perfectly  in  order.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  This  state  of  things  continued  down  to  the  reign  of  George  lll—ay  and  down  to  William  IV,  the  accounts  of  the  the  exchequer  were  kept  by  Roman  numerals,  and  in  dog  French  and  Latin.  Ay,  and  no  wonder,  for  no  less  a  man  than  Lord  Grenville  wrote  a  euriouiT  letter  to  the  treasury  to  say  he  meant  to  persevere  in  the  old  system.  He  said,  we  give  up  the  numerals  we  won't  understand  the  accounts  at  (Laughter.)  This  was  the  reason  g,iven  for  per persevering  severing persevering  in  a  system  worthy  of  savages,  and  which,  they  would  observe,  originated  in  a  One  when  nobody  could  read  or  write.  But;  however,  they  did  grow  somewhat  wiser  in  the  course  of  time,  and  they  had  Wonted  in  the  exchequer  the  sensible  system  which  merchants  had  taught  to  gsvern gsvernment.  ment. gsvernment.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  system  of  decimal  coinage  to  which  his  friend  had  called  the  attention  of  parliament  and  of  the  public,  had  made  wonderful  way  in  the  world  ;  and  it  was  a  comfort  to  know  that  the  plain  system  which  Mr.  Brown  and  he  (Dr.  Bowring)  most  cordially  concurred  in  recommending,  and  had  been  approved  by  the  unanimous  vote  of  this  committee  of  which  Mr.  Brown  was  the  chair chairman.  man. chairman.  The  system  was  due  of  extreme  simplicity.  It  was  in  fact  that  which  was,  at  this  nienlenti  in  use  in  the  greater  part,  he  ventured  to  say,  of  the  civilized  world,  There  were  two  decimal  systems  which  prevailed  in  the  world,  one  which  divided  the  unit  of  account,  and  the  other  which  divided  the  unit  of  account  into  hundreds,  but  with  the  decimal  system  of  course.  In  either  case  it  descended  from  mines  td  cdntunisi  from  thousands  to  hundreds,  or  it  mounted  up  from  centums  to  mikes  if  that  were  found  most  conve convenient.  nient. convenient.  Now,  in  China,  the  systerti  was  a  counter  part  of  what  they  desired  to  see  introduced  here.  All  accounts  in  China,  except  their  accounts  amongst  foreigners,  were  paid  in  what  was  called  pure  silver,  of  which  an  ounce  was  di divided  vided divided  into  a  thousand  parts,  and  each  ounce  of  silver  of  a  thousand  parts  usually  formed  one  of  the  elements  of  accounts  in  China.  The  system  of  dividing  what  was  called  the  integer  into  a  thousand  parts,  prevails  throughout  the  whole  of  the  Chinese  empire  ;  also  in  the  large  empire  of  Japan  and  its  dependencies,  It  had  also  been  adopted  in  Portugal  and  the  Brazils,  and  what  his  friend  proposed,  and  what  had  been  sanctioned  by  the  unanimous  opinion  of  the  committee,  was  that  every  pound  sterling  should  be  divided  into  a  thousand  parts.  That  did  not  touch  the  value  of  our  gold  and  silver,  and  the  only  part  of  our  currency  whdse  value  was  affected  by  it  was  copper,  and  the  only  change  would  be,  so  far  as  he  could  see,  a  considerable  benefit  to  the  public,  inasmuch  as  instead  of  48  farthings  for  a  shilling  they  would  get  50,  and  instead  of  24  for  sixpence  they  would  get  25;  when  the  farthing  repre represented  sented represented  the  thousand  part  of  a  pound,  instead  of  the  nine  hundred  and  sixtieth,  all  the  work  was  accomplished,  and  they  had  a  perfect  deehrial  system.  Some  nations  had  adopted,  as  they  were  aware,  a  division  into  cents,  That  was  the  case  in  France,  in  Belgium,  and  in  many  of  the  states  of  Italy.  They  generally  had  a  piece  of  the  value  of  about  10d.,  which  they  divided,  for  convenience,  into  a  hundred  parts,  and  inasmuch  as  the  hundred  part  of  10d.  gave  a  very  small  coin;  it  was  not  necessary  to  pursue  the  decimal  system  farther  ;  it  was  not  necessary  to  divide  the  coin  into  miles.  In  the  united  States,  though  they  have  retained  much  of  our  phraseology  for  old  words,  have  a  great  hold  on  the  public  mind  (they  employ  the  word  shilling  for  different  values  in  different  places)  ;  they  had  adopted  the  decimal  system  of  which  the  dollar  was  the  ground  work,  and  that  was  divided  into  100  parts.  Now,  it  is  a  very  remarkable  fact,  that  connected  with  the  emancipation  of  all  the  Spanish-American  states—l  speak  of  all  that  part  of  America  formerly  subject  to  Spain—every  one  of  them,  imp  mediately  on  establishing  its  emancipation  and  its  liberty  -  • STYLE=superscript  which  -I— STYLE=superscript  &#34;'  a  opte  t  e  decimal  system  he  had  been  recommend recommending;  ing; recommending;  and  no  one  ;  he  was  certain,  who  had  been  connected  with  commercial  affairs  but  must  have  been  struck  with  the  facility  with  which  all  accounts  were  kept,  examined  and  audited,  would  come  in  a  decimal  form.  The  state  of  things  in  this  country,  the  difficulty  of  making  calculations  with  Um  system  was  so  great,  that  he  remembered  some  years  ago,  Notts's—.  in  tb.e  public  ac accounts  counts accounts  to  the  amount  of  many  millions  sterling  \lei  t,  an_  stroyed,  and  the  public  accountants  all  discharged  from  re responsibility,  sponsibility, responsibility,  inasmuch  as  it  was  impossible  to  go  through  the  calculations  connected  with  a  system  so  strange  and  so  involved.  He  hoped  the  time  was  not  far  distant,  when  to  make  a  niistake  in  ad  account  would  be  a  great  opprobrium.  That  was  not  the  case  now,  and  happy  Was  the  person,  who  in  the  present  day,  could  go  to  market  and  by  the  principle  of  pence  and  farthings,  and  the  multiplication  and  division  of  pence  and  farthings,  enter  into  a  contract  in  any  way,—  happy  was  that  person  if  he  could  return  home  and  calcu calculate'  late' calculate'  whether  he  had  paid  what  was  just  and  right  or  not.  Now  having  given  them  an  hours  talk  s  and  lie  hoped  suggested  some  topics  for  their  consideration,  he  had  to  thank  them;  and  he  hoped  his  excellent  friend  might  have  the  reward  of  seeing  the  noble  purpose  which  he  had  proposed  to  him himself  self himself  made  the  law  of  the  land.  (Applause.)  Mr.  W.  BROWN  said,  he  had  it  on  good  authority,  that  one  fifth  of  the  time  now  spent  in  making  calculations  would  be  saved  by  decimal  system.  This  was  very  important  to  youth,  and  he  thought  before  leaving,  he  would  make  the  communication;  He  then  called  for  another  cheer  for  their  friend  Dr.  Bowring,  which  Was  heartily  responded  to,  and  the  proceedings  terminated.  Dr.  BOWRING  lectured  on  the  same  subject  in  the  even evening,  ing, evening,  at  eight  o'clock,  in  the  Mechanics'  Institute.  The  at attendance,  tendance, attendance,  though  good,  was  not  very  numerous.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  William  Brown,  Esq,,  Ma,  for  South  Lancashire,  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  introducing  Dr.  Dowring,  said  that  that  gentleman  had  attended  there  on  that  evening  at  great  personal  inconvenience,  and  that  no  one  probably  in  the  United  Kingdom  was  better  qualified  to  lecture  on  the  sub subject  ject subject  of  decimal  coinage  than  he  was.  The  Chairman,  in  conclusion,  briefly  pointed  out  the  advantages  of  the  deci decimal  mal decimal  system;  and  expressed  a  hope  that  Government  Might  soon  be  induced  to  adopt  it.  On  the  conclusion  of  the  lecture,  which  was  loudly  ap applauded  plauded applauded  throughout,  Mr.  MACILVEBN  briefly  addressed  the  meeting,  and  enu enumerated  merated enumerated  the  leading  disadvantages  attendant  on  our  present  system  of  enumeration;  and  then  showed  how  much  the  decimal  system  would  facilitate  the  education  of  children  in  arithmetic.  Mr.  Gtoitan  ota  T.C.,  moved  that  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  be  given  to  Dr.i  Bowring.  Mr.  THORNLEY,  M.P.,  for  Wolverhampton,  seconded  the  motion,  and  in  doing  so,  bore  testimony  to  the  superiority  of  of  the  decimal  system,  and  hoped  that  it  would  be  ere  long  generally  adopted  throughout  the  country.  It  would  not  only  be  an  individual  but  a  national  gain  , STYLE=superscript  .  The  motion  was  carried  by  acclamitien.  Dr.  BOWRING  then  expressed  his  acknowledgments,  after  which  the  meeting  seoaMted."
