text
"The  prosecutrix  could  not  tell  how  much  money  she  had.  All  she  knew  was,  that  she  changed  a  sovereign.  The  Magistrate  :  D  o  y  ou  thi  n  k  t  h  e  prisoner  meant  to  take  your  money  ?  The  prosecutrix  :  No,  I  am  sure  she  did  not;  for  we  are  old  friends.  The  parties  left  the  court  together,  evidently  determined  to  have  another  friendly  glass.  SMUGGLING.  —Margaret  Sharp,  who  stated  that  her  hus husband  band husband  was  at  sea,  was  charged  with  smuggling  a  quart  of  whiskey.  Officer  603  said  he  stopped  the  prisoner  at  the  Clarence  dock  gate,  with  a  quart  of  whiskey  in  a  bag  under  her  arm,  value  4s.  She  was  ordered  to  pay  double  the  value,  'br  be  imprisoned  for  3  days.  John  3PDowall,  charged  with  smuggling  the  same  quan quantity,  tity, quantity,  was  fined  Bs.  or  be  imprisoned  3  days.  SMUGGLING  CIGARS.  —Andrew  lietianito,  chief  mate  on  board  the  ship  Giamatto,  lying  in  the  Queen's  dock,  was  charged  with  smuggling  two  boxes  of  cigars.  A  custom-house  officer  stated  that  whilst  overhauling•  the  ship,  he  found  two  boxes  of  cigars,  foreign  manufacture,  secreted  in  the  transipt  locker.  The  mate  denied  having  any.  Fined  225.  or  to  go  to  goal  for  seven  days.  CAUTION  TO  CAR  -DRIVERS.  —James  .71PGee,  a  car-driver,  summoned  by  'officer  Pearson,  (317)  for  smoking  a  cig  ar  whilst  plying  for  hire,  .was  fined  2s.  The  defendant  in  answer  to  the  charge  said  he  was  a  CLALM'FOR  SEAMEN'S  WAGES.—Peter  Burns,  who  shipped  as  second  mate  on  board  the  ship  Saldanah,  summoned  Captain  Skane  for  £l6  wages.  Mr.  Chilton  appeared  for  the  prosecutor.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  of  the  prosecutor,  that  he  signed  articles  as  second-mate,  on  the  Bth  November,  at  Quebec,  at  £l3  a  month,  and  received  an  advance  of  £3  10.  Subsequently,  the  sailors  were  shipped  at  £l4  a  month,  and  he  claimed  £2  more.  The  defendant  itated  'that  he  found  the  prosecutor  in ineompetent  eompetent ineompetent  to  perform  the  duties  which  he  undertook,  and  also  for  neglecting  his  duty.  He  sent  him  forehead,  and  disrated  him  to  £ll.  Witnesses  were  called  to  prove  that  the  prosecutor  was  competent  to  fulfil  the  duties  of  second-mate.  Judgment  was  given  for  £6  25.,  and  costs.  Frederick  Parker,  a  seaman,  summoned  Captain  Bence,  of  the  Douro,  who  did  not  appear,  for  £5,  balance  of  wages.  In  this  case,  a  verdict  for  the  full  amount  claimed,  and  20s.  costs,  was  returned.  James  Walker,  a  marine  store-dealer,  was  brought  up  in  the  custody  of  detective  officer  Murphy4char,ged  with  having  a  quantity  of  lead  in  his  possession,  which  he  could  not  satisfactorily  account  for.  Detective  officer  Murphy  stated  that  he  visited  the  pri prisoner's  soner's prisoner's  store,  No.  148,  Lime-kiln-lane  yesterday,  about  12  o'clock,  and  asked  him,  had  h  e  any  metal,  which  he  at  first  denied.  He  afterwards  brought  Murphy  to  the  back  part  of  the  store,  where  he  discovered  a  quantity  of  lead,  and  then  referred  to  his  book,  and  found  no  entry  made.  The  prisoner  said  he  bought  it  from  a  man  named  Tomlinson,  which  subsequently  turned  out  to  be  untrue.  Prisoner  asked  Murphy  to  forgive  him  this  time,  and  not  take,  any  notice  of  it.  Mr.  Black  appeared  for  the  prisoner,  and  urged  that  he  was  a  very  respectable  man  ;  has  been  in  business  for  the  last  five  years,  and  that  no  complaint  had  ever  been  pre preferred  ferred preferred  against  him  previous  to  this.  A  fine  of  ss.  and  costs  was  imposed  ;  in  default,  to  be  imprisoned  for  three  days,  and  his  license  to  be  suspended.  BILLS  OF  EXCHANGE.  A  movement  is  said  to  have  originated  in  the  city,  says  the  Globe,  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining  an  alteration  of  the  present  law  in  regard  to  stamps  upon  receipts,  bills,  and  similar  documents  ;  and  th  ere  can  b  e  no  doubt  if  any  inconvenience  be  established,  government  will  be  prepared  to  make  any  requisite  alteration  in  the  recent  statute.  It  would,  however,  require  much  better  grounds  than  those  which  seem  to  have  satisfied  Mr.  Commissioner  Fane,  in  the  court  of  bankruptcy,  on  Monday.  A  bill  for  £3OO,  payable  at  ninety  days'  sight,  is  held  by  the  London  and  'Westminster  bank.  The  last  endorser  was  unable  to  satisfy  the  claim,  and  the  acceptor,  Mr.  Simon  L.  Oppenheim,  is  the  bank bankrupt,  rupt, bankrupt,  whose  case  was  before  the  court.  There  was  no  question  as  to  the  acceptance  by  Mr.  Oppenheim.  It  was  admitted,  and  proof  of  the  debt  was  received;  but  it  was  then  observed  that  the  bill  did  not  bear  the  legal  stamp,  and  on  this  ground  the  proof  was  disallowed,  and  the  amount  was  struck  out  of  the  schedule.  Indignation  at  the  irre irregularity  gularity irregularity  turned  the  Judge's  wrath  against  the  stamp  act.  was  most  said  Mr.  Commissioner  Fane,  innocent  holders  of  bills  of  exchange  should  be  made  to  suffer  from  the  guilt  or  negligence  of  other  parties.  The  London  and  Westminster  bank,  as  well  as  the  parties  in  the  other  case,  having  advanced  moneys  on  the  bills  honestly  and  bone  fide  in  the  ordinary  way  of  their  trade,  were,  when  they  attempted  to  prov  e  on  th  ose  bill  s  against  estate  of  the  acceptor,  met  by  the  stamp  laws,  which  said,  You  shall  not  prove  your  debt,  however  just  it  may  be,  because  the  bill  upon  which  you  seek  to  prove,  has  not  the  legal  stamp.'  Such  a  state  of  things  ought  not  to  exist  ;  and  I  am  very  willing  that  this  matter  should  be  publicly  discussed  here,  that  the  evil  may  be  published  in  the  newspapers.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.  —YESTERDAY.  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  SUGAR  has  been  in  rather  brisk  demand  to-day,  and  the  grocers  have  purchased  3,500  white  Benares,  at  37s  to  898;  1,000  bags  Cossipore,  at  425;  and  1,100  bags  Dates,  at  33s  6d  to  36s  for  yellow.  The  sales  of  refining  descriptions  being  scarce,  are  restricted  to  200  bags  low  Dates,  at  30s  ;  and  400  boxes  Havana,  at  23s  tg  cwt.  No  business  of  moment  has  transpired  in  any  other  article.  At  auction  to-day  about  4  tons  of  IVORY  were  disposed  of  with  less  spirit  than  usual,  and  at  irregular  and  rather  lower  prices.  TEA.—The  market  for  common  Congou  has  been  more  active  to-day,  and  sales  are  reported  at  id  to  id  tri  lb  advance.  CoTroN.  —The  Cotton  market  was  unchanged  in  character  extent  of  bnsiness  from  that  of  the  previous  day.  The  quantities  sold  were  7,000  bales,  of  which  1,000  were  for  export  and  on  speculation.  MANCHESTER  CORN  EXCHANGE.—YESTERDAY.  (From  the  circular  of  Messrs.  John  Fletcher,  and  Co.)  Not  the  slightest  change  has  occurred  in  the  state  of  our  BUTTER  market  since  our  last  report.  Dealers  continue  to  act  on  the  plan  of  buying  merely  for  immediatci'consump immediatci'consumption  tion immediatci'consumption  ;  it  may  therefore  be  said  that  only  a  moderate  busin  ess  has  been  transacted  w  ith  ou  t  alteration  in  prices.  The  arri arrivals  vals arrivals  are  as  follow  :  at  Liverpool,  3,075  firkins,  646  crocks,  60  butts,  and  523  boxes  and  brls  ;  at  Fleetwood,  253  firkins,  791  crocks,  81  butts,  and  398  boxes  and  brls  ;  at  Holyhead,  107  firkins,  and  7  boxes  and  brls.  Influended  by  the  accounts  from  Mark-lane  and  other  leading  markets,  the  CORN  trade  here  during  the  week  has  been  very  animated,  and  a  large  business  done  in  WHEAT  and  FLOUR  at  a  further  rise  in  prices.  At  our  market  to-day  WHEAT  sold  slowly  at  an  advance  of  3d  0  bushel.  FLOUR  was  likewise  dull  of  sale  at  an  im improvement  provement improvement  of  14  to  2s  0  sack  and  is  brl  respectively.  OATMEAL  was  ni  good  demand,  and  is  load  higher.  OATS  also  were  in  good  request  and  2d  ?  bushel  dearer.  Little  done  in  other  articles  and  not  much  alteration  was  made  in  prices.  LONDON  PRODUCE  MARKET.—YESTERDAY.  SuGA.n.—West  India  sales  613  casks,  prices  supported.  Foreign  sales  large,  at  rather  higher  terms.  Refined  brisk,  brown  lumps,  445.  COFFEE  much  in  request,  native  Ceylon,  4gs  6d  to  50s.  ZzA  firm,  ordinary  Congou,  is  2d  to  is  RICE  brisk,  white  Bengal,  14s  to  15s  6d.  CorroN.—Few  sales,  rates  unaltered.  TALLOW  active,  P.Y.C.,  67s  3d  to  57s  6d.  BIRMINGHAM  CORN  MARKET.—YESTERDAY.  At  this  day's  market  there  was  a  fair  supply  of  WHEAT,  and  the  trade  ruled  very  dull  at  about  2s  V  qr  above  the  currency  of  this  day  VeOk.  BARLEY  a  slow  sale  at  a  similar  advance.  OATS  diault  to  sell  at  an  increase  in  price.  BEANS  and  PEAS  nominally  unaltered.  GLASGOW  PIG  IRON  MARKET.—YESTERDAY.  The  price  of  warrants,  nominally  79s  te  ton.  Nothing  doing  in  the  market.  sold  meat  to  the  amount  of  405.,  and  instead  of  rendering  an  account  of  his  stewardship,  he  left  and  went  to  Ireland.  The  prisoner  in  his  defence,  alleged  that  he  lent  the  money,  and  was  remand  e  d  un  til  h  e  could  produce  evidence  to  that  effect.  INTERESTING  TO  OMNIBUS  PROPRIETORS.—  William  and  Daniel  Busby  were  summoned  by  police  officer,  No.  641,  for  having  suffered  an  omnibus  of  theirs  to  be  driven  on  the  13th  of  this  month,  between  Liverpool  and  Kirkdale  with without  out without  a  number.  The  summons  was  laid  under  the  sth  and  6th  Vic.  Mr.  D.  Busby  appeared  in  answer  to  the  summons,  and  contended  that  no  other  than  an  authorised  officer  of  stamp  duties  had  any  right  to  issue  such  a  summons.  He  based  his  objection  on  the  11th  section  of  the  act,  which,  after  setting  forth  the  penalty  (in  the  case  of  a  driver  or  conducter,  £lO,  and  of  an  owner,  £2O),  in  which  the  party  guilty  of  the  offence  should  be  mulct,  directed  that  it  should  be  law lawful  ful lawful  for  any  stamp  officer,  or  officer  of  excise,  to  lay  the  in information.  formation. information.  Mr.  Mansfield  held  the  objection  to  be  good.  It  seemed  to  be  the  intention  of  the  legislature  that  when  the  safety  or  convenience  of  ;the  public  was  involved,  any  police  or  other  officer  might  lay  the  information,  but  when  the  interests  of  the  excise  were  merely  affected,  then  it  was  the  duty  of  an  officer  of  excise  to  do  so.  The  summons  was  accordingly  dismissed.  Ellen  Slawrey  was  committed  for  twenty-one  days,  on  a  charge  of  stealing  some  wearing  apparel,  the  property  of  her  foreman,  and  pledging  it.  THE  FRIENDLY  GLASS.—lfary  Ann  Tones  was  charged  by  police-officer  98,  with  stealing  some  money  from  a  Mrs.  Watson.  The  officer  said  he  had  beentinformed  of  the  robbery,  when  he  went  to  a  public-house,  and  found  the  prosecutrix  in  an  insensible  state  of  drunkenness,  lying  on  the  floor.  He  took  the  prisoner  into  custody,  as  he  had  heard  she  had  taken  the  money,  but  he  had  been  compelled  to  lock  the  prosecutrix  up  to  take  care  of  her.  He  found  Bs.  9d.  on  the  prisoner.  The  two  parties  had  been  drinking  together.  The  prisoner  denied  all  knowledge  of  taking  the  money.  She  said  she  called  upon  the  prosecutrix,  and  they  went  out  together  to  have  a  friendly  glass,  when  they  both  got"
