text
"LONDON  INSOLVENT  DEBTORS  COURT.  MRS.  WARNER,  THE  ACTRESS.  -IN  BE  ROBERT  W.  WARNER.  This  insolvent,  the  husbaril  of  Mrs.  Warner,  the  actress,  ap applied  plied applied  under  the  protection  ad.  Mr.  Ernest  Reed  opposed  for  Mr.  Jones,  a  house  decorator,  and  Mi.  Cooke  supported.  The  case  as  it  proceeded  created  Much  sympathy.  The  complaint  was,  that  a  debt  to  Mr.  Jones,  had  been  either  contracted  by  false  pretences  or  without  reascnable  expectations  of  payment.  It  appeared  that  in  August,  1851,  Mr.  Jones  was  employed  to  repair  the  house  in  Euston-place,  New-road  where  the  insolvent  had  .  resided  for  many  years.  The  bill  was  £76  and  he  NN  as  to  be  paid  at  Christmas.  In  that  year  Mrs.  Warner  went  to  America,  where  she  was  successful,  and  Mr.  'Warner  went  to  join  her  on  account  of  her  illness.  In  1852  she  returned  to  Englaud,  to  have  . STYLE=superscript  a  painful  operation  per performed.  formed. performed.  She  again  went  to  America,  but  in  consequence  of  her  bad  state  of  health  she  came  home  in  June  last,  and  was  now  lying  in  a  very  dangerous  state.  The  insolvent's  debts  were  about  £l,OOO.  His  furniture  had  been  valued  by  the  court,  and  Mr.  Phelps  had  paid  £147  into  court  for  the  creditors,  in  order  to  save  the  furniture  for  the  family.  The  earnings  of  Mrs  Warner  were—in  1851,  £9OO,  and  in  1852  £5OO,  and  in  the  early  part  of  this  year  £230,  arising  from  her  state  of  health.  His  expctations  to  pay  his  creditors  were  from  his  wife's  income.  A  fund  had  been  raised  for  Mrs  Warner  and  her  children.  Her  majesty,  Miss  Burdett  Coutts,  Mr.  Macready  and  others,  had.  subscribed  to  the  fund.  _  _  _  Mr.  Cooke  said  he  believed  it  was  necessary  that  Mrs,  Warner  should  have  carriage  airing  ?  The  insolvent  said  it  was.  Mr.  Cooke  :  And  who  provides  it  ?  The  insolvent  said  her  majesty.  Mr.  Reed  submitted  that  the  debt  with  Mr.  Jones  had  been  contracted  without  reasonable  expectations  of  payment,  and  that  it  was  not  a  case  for  the  court  to  grant  protection.  Mr.  Cooke,  in  reply,  said  the  insolvent  had  every  expecta expectation  tion expectation  of  being  able  to  pay  his  debts  by  his  wife's  exertions,  but  her  illness  had  prevented  him  from  doing  so.  The  learned  counsel,  in  alluding  to  her  sad  condition,  was  so  affected  as  to  be  unable  to  proceed.  Mr.  Commissioner  Phillips  relieved  the  learned  counsel,  by  saying  he  need  not  further  distress  himself,  and  proceeded  to  express  his  opinion  on  the  case.  It  was  a  very  painful  thing  for  a  lady  so  highly  distinguished  in  her  profession  as  Mrs.  Warner,  to  be  obliged  to  appeal,  through  her  husband,  to  this  court.  If  it  had  not  been  for  her  illness,  it  was  clear  there  would  have  been  no  occasion  for  the  present  applica applicacation.  cation. applicacation.  The  evidence  proved  how,greatly  she  was  respected.  Her  Majesty  had  subscribed  to  her  relief,  and  had  provided  her  with  a  carriage,  and  Miss  Burdett  Colas,  whose  name  was  found  to  every  charity,  had  also  rendered  her  assistance.  It  did  not  appear  to  him  that  there  were  any  extravagant  debts  in  the  schedule,  and  there  was  every  reason  to  believe  that  they  would  have  been  paid  but  for  Mrs.  Warner's  ill illness.  ness. illness.  He  would  not,  therefore,  embitter  her  hours  of  suffer suffering  ing suffering  by  refusing  protection.  A  day  would,  therefore,  be  named  for  the  final  order.  Mr.  Cooke  reminded  the  commissioner  that  there  was  1471.  in  court.  His  Honor  added  that  that  circumstance  proved  Mr.  Warner's  anxiety  for  his  creditors.  A  day  was  named  in  January  for  the  final  order  and  the  protection  re renewed.  newed. renewed.  ENTICEMENT  TO  CnnlE.—The  custom-house  authorities  of  London  have  addressed  to  the  lord  mayor  the  following  intice,  together  with  the  enclosed  circular.  No  doubt  similar  persuasives  have  been  sent  to  the  Liverpool  employees  of  customs,  and  we  draw  attention  to  it,  that  our  authorities  may  have  their  about  The  lord  mayor,  shortly  after  taking  his  seat,  said  he  had  received  from  the  authorities  of  the  custom-house  a  letter,  of  which  the  follow following  ing following  is  a  copy  :  Custom  House,  30th  Nov.,  1853.  The  enclosed  is  one  of  a  number  of  circulars  t'hat  have  been  addressed  to  many  of  the  junior  members  of  this  esta establishment  blishment establishment  ;  some  with  an  intimation  that  personal  accept acceptance  ance acceptance  will  be  taken,  and  renewed  if  required.  It  is  sent  to  the  lord  mayor,  not  more  because  of  his  high  magisterial  ca capacity,  pacity, capacity,  than  as  a  leading  member  of  the  community  greatly  interested  in  the  welfare  of  that  class,  both  in  public  and  pri private  vate private  establishments,  to  whom  it  is  addressed,  in  the  hope  that  he  may  be  induced  to  give  publicity  to  it  ;  and  to  stigma stigmatise,  tise, stigmatise,  with  the  severest  censure  and  reprobation,  a  system  which  is  fraught  with  such  incalculable  danger  aid  mischief  to  the  integrity  and  security  of  all  classes  of  society.  The  circular,  which  appeared  to  be  written  by  a  female,  was  as  follows  :"
