text
"MINING  INTELLIGLNCE.  (From  the  Mining  Journal  of  Saturday.)  A  larger  amount  of  business  than  usual  has  been  transacted  in  mining  shares  this  week.  Money  is  more  abundant,  and  the  high  price  of  metals  has  its  effect  in  bringing  speculators  into  the  market  for  dividend  stocks,  and  for  speculative  shares,  at  the  present  low  rates.  Rumours  are  afloat  as  to  the  failure  of  another  foreign  mining  company,  which,  owing  to  the  extra extravagant  vagant extravagant  reports  received  a  few  months  since,  stood  at  a  pre premium  mium premium  in  the  market  of  £300,000.,  on  a  small  amount  paid  up.  If  what  we  hear  be  true,  large  losses  will  be  sustained  by  the  public.  The  feature  of  the  gold  mining  share  market  has  been  an  in increased  creased increased  demand  for  shares  in  the  Australian  adventures,  conse consequent  quent consequent  upon  the  advices  of  the  continued  extraordinary  yield  of.the  precious  metal  in  those  colonies,  as  reported  by  the  Argo.  Most  of  these  shares  have  improved  in  price,  and  are  steadily  maintained  at  the  advance.  The  Californian  descrip descriptions  tions descriptions  have  also  been  well  supported.  The  arrivals  of  gold  have  been,  the  Eagle,  22,000  oz.,  value  £88,000.;  Phomi Phomiclan,  clan, Phomiclan,  29,650  oz.,  value  £118,600.  In  Iron  and  Coal  Companies,  during  the  week,  busines§  has  been  done  at  the  following  prices  :—Rhymney  Iron,  28,  27k,  2771,  at  which  rates  the  transactions  have  been  numerous  ;  New  South  Wales  Coal,  to  s  dis.;  Mount  Carbon  Coal,  to  4dis-  ;  Australasian  Coal,  to  dis.  In  miscellaneous  Shares,  considerable  improvement  has  taken  place  ;  w  i  t  h  a  very  fair  amount  of  business  doing.  A  CHILD  BURNED  TO  DEATH  —OH  Saturday  afternoon,  an  inquest  was  held  at  the  Royal  Infirmary,  (by  Edward  Rutter,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  city  of  Manchester,)  touching  the  death  of  Ann  Walters,  of  12,  Back  Newberry Newberrystreet,  street, Newberrystreet,  aged  3  years.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  adduced  that  the  deceased  came  to  her  death  by  her  clothes  accidentally  taking  fire.  Verdict  accordingly.  CAUTION  TO  CARTERS  AND  OTHERS.—On  Saturday,  at  the  city  police  court,  Manchester,  a  respectable  looking  man  named  James  Sumner,  was  charged  by  Mr.  Superintendant  Taylor  with  having  been  drunk  the  previous  day,  while  in  charge  of  a  lorry,  which  he  drove  against  another  vehicle.  Fined  10s.  and  ss.  costs.  DEATH  FROM  SUFFOCATION.—At  the  Dog  and  Part Partridge  ridge Partridge  public  house,  Oldham-road,  Manchester,  on  Friday  evening,  an  inquest  was  held  by  Edward  Herford,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  city,  touching  the  death  of  Sarah  Whitfield,  daughter  of  John  Whitfield,  12,  Back  Clock  Alley,  aged  two  wee  - STYLE=superscript  9.21.  .z.ue  ututater  ur  uecettseu,  imiry  wnitnela,  statea,  that  early  on  the  previous  morning,  before  it  was  daylight,  she  got  out  of  bed  and  lighted  a  candle,  and  then  she  noticed  that  the  deceased  looked  curious,  upon  which  she  took  it  up  in  her  arms,  and  found  that  it  was  dead.  They  had  not  gone  to  bed  until  two  o'clock  in  the  morning.  The  child  was  well  enough  before  going  to  bed,  except  that  she  screamed  a  good  deal.  Mr.  Ralph  Worthington  Ledward,  surgeon,  stated  that  he  had  made  a  post-mortem  examina examination  tion examination  of  the  body.  The  child  was  a  healthy  one.  There  was  a  discoloured  swelling  on  the  left  groin,  and  the  surface  generally  was  discoloured.  The  lungs  were  gorged  with  dark  blood,  and  the  membranes  of  the  brain  were  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  vascular.  The  bowels  and  stomach  were  both  healthy.  The  body  appeared  to  have  been  pressed  upon,  and  the  ap appearances  pearances appearances  on  the  lungs  were  very  much  those  of  suffocation,  but  death  might  have  arisen  from  convulsions  from  natural  causes.  Verdict,  Accidental  DEATH  FROM  EXCESSIVE  DRINKING.—An  inquest  was  held  on  Friday  evening,  at  the  British  Rolla  public  house,  Collier  street,  Salford,  by  Mr.  W.  S.  Rutter,  coroner,  touching  the  death  of  William  Eastham,  aged  38,  a  coach  driver,  who  lived  in  Dickson-street,  Salford.  It  appeared  that  the  deceased,  who  was  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Statham,  was  a  married  man,  and  has  left  behind  him  a  widow  and  six  children.  The  deceased  was  'taken  ill  on  Sunday  morning,  from  which  time  he  gradually  grew  worse.  On  Thursday  night  he  went  into  the  street  with  nothing  on  him  but  his  shirt  ;  the  police  then  saw  him  and  interfered,  and  finding  that  it  was  not  safe  from  the  condition  in  which  he  then  was  to  let  him  remain  in  the  house,  they  removed  him  to  the  workhouse  between  10  and  11  o'clock  at  night,  and  he  died  in  the  workhouse  on  Friday  mor morning,  ning, morning,  at  7  o'clock.  It  appeared  that  the  deceased  had  been  drinking  freely  for  some  time  .  previous  to  his  death,  and  that  he  was  an  habitual  drunkard.  The  verdict  come  to  by  the  jury  was  that  he  died  from  delirium  tremens.  DROWNING  THROUGH  INTOXICATION.—On  Friday  evening,  at  the  Moulders'  Arms  Inn,  Great  Ancoats.street,  Manchester,  an  inquest  was  held  by  Edward  Herford,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  city  of  Manchester,  touching  the  death  of  Christopher  Mc.Ginty,  late  of  27,  Bennett-street,  hawker,  aged  38,  leaving  a  widow.  James  Hurst,  a  lock-keeper  of  the  Rochdale  canal,  stated  that  on  Wednesday  morning  between  6  and  half-past  6  o'clock  he  saw  that  a  boat  did  not  get  into  the  lock,  (ho  meant  the  Ancoats  lane  lock.)  He  went  to  see  what  was  the  matter,  and  found  that  there  was  something  between  the  boat  and  the  lock-side,  which  the  boatman  was  jamming  down  with  his  boat-hook,  thinking  that  it  was  a  dead  dog.  He  ordered  the  man  to  draw  the  boat-hook,  and  then  the  body  of  a  man  was  found  at  the_front  of  the  vessel.  John  Donnelly,  of  Tippett  street,  Rochdale-road,  stated,  that  on  Saturday  night  about  11  o'clock  he  saw  the  deceased  at  a  beer beerhouee,  houee, beerhouee,  corner  of  Chapel-street,  tipsy.  He  left  the  deceased  there,  and  had  never  seen  him  since.  Mrs.  Martha  Mc.Ginty,  widow  of  the  deceased,  stated  that  he  left  her  house  last  Fri Friday  day Friday  about  10  o'clock,  and  that  she  never  saw  him  afterwards  °Ai  v..  ne  would  have  returned  to  her  r  ehu  was  sure,  if  he  had  not  been  drowned  on  Saturday,  as  she  believes.  She  could  not  tell  what  amount  of  money  he  would  have  upon  him.  She  did  not  believe  but  that  he  had  fallen  in  by  accident,  as  he  did  not  appear  anyways  injured,  except  having  a  small  cut  under  his  chin.  The  jury  requested  the  coroner  to  draw  the  atten attention  tion attention  of  the  authorities  to  the  necessity  of  fencing  the  Rochdale  canal,  so  as  to  prevent  the  accidents  at  present  continually  occurring  in  it.  INQUEST  ON  A  YOUNG  GIRL.-011  Saturday  after afternoon,  noon, afternoon,  at  the  Rob  Roy  public  house,  Arlington-street,  Salford,  Mr.  George  Rutter,  deputy  coroner,  held  an  inquest,  touch touching  ing touching  the  death  of  Susannah  Gaskell,  of  54,  Upper  George-street,  Salford,  aged  8  years.  It  appeared  that  the  deceased  went  to  a  neighbour's.  house,  who  was  removing  from  one  place  to  another,  for  the  purpose  of  carrying  some  things.  When  the  child  got  to  the  house  to  which  the  neighbour  had  removed,  the  mistress  of  th•  houce  had  gone  up  stairs  for  the  purpose  of  cleaning  the  windows.  The  child  cried  out,  whether  she  might  put  the  kettle  on  the  firc,  and  she  was  told  that  she  might  do  so.  While  attempting  to  put  the  kettle  on  the  fire,  the  kettle  being  a  heavy  one,  she  stood  on  the  fender  to  reach  the  fire,  and  in  so  doing  her  clothes  caught  fire.  The  child  screamed  out,  and  ran  up  stairs  to  the  woman  -Am  was  in  the  room.  Assistance  was  immediately  obtained,  and  the  fire  extinguished,  but  not  before  the  child  was  very  severely  burned  about  the  lower  part  of  her  person.  It  was  forthwith  removed  to  the  Dispensary,  and  thence  home,  but  the  medical  men  who  examined  it  gave  no  hope  of  its  recovery,  it  was  so  severely  injured.  Verdict  was  returned  in  accordance  with  the  cir circumstances.  cumstances. circumstances.  MISS  CATHERINE  HAYES  gave  her  parting  concert  at  Valparaiso.  on  the  12th  September.  At  Santiago  she  gave  several  concerts  which  netted  her  10,000  dollars.  THE  EXPEDITION  organized  by  Lady  Franklin,  in  search  of  her  husband,  has  been  given  up  for  this  season,  owing  to  a  disagreement  among  the  officers.  The  following  comparative  view  of  the  salubrity  of  the  different  countries  in  Europe  is  given  in  the  sixth  annual  report  of  the  Registrar-Generar:—England,  22  deaths  annually  to  1000  living;  France,  24  ;  Prussia,  27  ;  Austria,  30;  and  Russia,  36.  IMPORTANT  ON  STRIKES.-It  is  said,  that  tne  Russian  army  on  the  Danube  is  deeimated  by  disease  ;  so  is  the  Wigan  police—one  of  them  is  on  tlae  sick  list.—  The  Press.  •  •  --  -  -  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  O'  LIVERPOOL,  SUNDAY  E•----  tur*lS STYLE=superscript  Al?  The  Braziliera  screw  steamship  arrived' STYLE=superscript  L'ati  Mersey  on  Saturday  afternoon.  H  er  date  r  s.  from  Buenos  Ayres,  September  30;  Mont  e STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  0  .  the  Ist,  Rio  Janeiro,  10th,  Bahia,  14th,  P  erli STYLE=superscript  b  e  r.  buco,  16th,  and  St.  Vincent,  the  23rd  of  Oet°,..et  The  average  speed  of  this  splendid  vessel  oa  u  lof  homeward  passage  was  240  miles  a  day,  4lld STYLE=superscript  highest  run  was  286  miles  in  the  24  hours  At  Rio  •  Janiero  .  monetary  and  •  0  111111 STYLE=superscript  ;i'  affairs  generally,  were  in  a  prosperous  coed'the  The  demand  for  money  was  not  whilstt  ,ej  supply  was  plentiful  .  The  rate  of  interest  rals  from  7to  8  per  cent,  Exchange  on  Lond°  ll STYLE=superscript  !i  90  days'  Bills,  was  quoted  at  27id.  to  2  8 STYLE=superscript  d.  flat  market,  and  about  40,000  pounds  havim'i  ty  passed  at  the  former  rate.  Consequent,  111)°'ty  tenor  of  advices  taken  out  by  the.  Severn'  holders  of  Coffee  were  demanding  higher STYLE=superscript  p STYLE=superscript  ia  Sugar  maintained  its  value,  but  the  business  to,  was  not  considerable.  Freights'  had  been  /  0  0  but  had  received  some  considerable  impulse  ffee  ,  the  increased  business  going  forward  in  C STYLE=superscript  L  ) STYLE=superscript  e  fif  The  new  National  Bank  Shares  were  being  e&#34;'  5 STYLE=superscript  6  1  1;  sought  after.  The  amount  left  for  distrib  n STYLE=superscript  t.  was  only  $6,000,000,  whilst  the  '  applications  rt  p  o  ed  $50,000,000.  There  was  a  good  deal  of  vassing  going.on  for  the  Directory.  From  Pernambuco,  we  learn  that  the  nee  e STYLE=superscript  '  capital  had  been  subscribed  to  the  formation.;  d STYLE=superscript  company.  to  run  steam  boats,  from  . STYLE=superscript  the  VP'  i  d  Ceara,  and  intermediate  ports,  to  the  Nortb`o  and  to  Maceio,  to  the  South.  Government  Ad  promised  material  aid  to  the  undertaking'  Ad  sufficient  freight  was  anticipated  to  speculation  a  very  profitable  one  for  the  sh. STYLE=superscript  holders.  gtgt  The  steamship  Humboldt  also  arrived  on  - STYLE=superscript  .  0.  0  day  afternoon  at  Southampt  on  .  Sh  e  .  sailed{(  New  York  on  the  22  n  d  u  lt.,  an  d  b  r  i  ngs  670,001  on  freight,  267,000.  of  which  were  for  Londof  the  'remainder  for  the  Continent.  She  111  board  the  extraordinary  number  of  181  passel%  The  Royal  mail  steam  ship  Canada  arrived  this  evening.  Her  dates  are  from  New  Yori&gt;l  !  25th,  Boston  to  the  26th,  and  Halifax  to  the_  ult.,  all  inclusive.  She  brings  57  passenge  ol STYLE=superscript  ;  l STYLE=superscript  l  275,110  dollars  in  freight.  This  makes  the  it  o STYLE=superscript  i  3o  o  l STYLE=superscript  brought  by  the  H  um  b  o  ldt  an  d  C  ana  d  a  5 STYLE=superscript  1  0  1 STYLE=superscript  108,4251.  The  latter  ship  reports  the  arrival  0 STYLE=superscript  ?  Asia,  which  sailed  hence  on  the  Bth,  a  t STYLE=superscript  ,ifii  York  on  the  19th  ult.  The  advices  now  re  e STYLE=superscript  ,V,  are  eight  days  later  than  those  previously  ac'y  ledged  , STYLE=superscript  The  advices  taken  out  by  the  A  511 STYLE=superscript  1  .4  caused  just  what  we  anticipated,  a  further  (  11 STYLE=superscript  7  1  1'  for  breudstuffs  in  the  American  markets,  and  Ilitli  duded  a  desire  on  the  part  of  holders  - STYLE=superscript  to  sell.  i  tt  quotations  fOr,flour  show  a  decline  of  18  eell  tE STYLE=superscript  i  barren.  The  supplies  of  .wheat  were  larg  e STYLE=superscript  )  .:  prices  could  not  be  maintained.  The  Cotton  Oki  was  steadier,  but  holders  were  disposed  to  s`e  the  current  rates.  The  weather  had  been  I STYLE=superscript  '  l STYLE=superscript  able  for  picking  operations  and  an  improved  f  4  prevailed  as  to  the  prospects  of  the  crop  ger-  The  money  market  continued  in  the  same  al'  , STYLE=superscript  lous  condition  we  have  before  noticed.  The  ri  and  the  public  treasury  were  filled'  to  rerd  with  both  gold  coin  and  bullion,  while  t1  1 STYLE=superscript  °,,  - STYLE=superscript  ao!  for  money  range  'from  .  12  to  18  per  cent.,  av  9  call  the  quotation  is  no  less  than  7  per  cent  o'  effect  this  extraordinary  monetary  conditioad  to  render  the  market  for  all  kinds  of.  stock  l STYLE=superscript  ,  l STYLE=superscript  f  and  it  was  with  difficulty  that  the  Wall-street  v  i  ,a STYLE=superscript  o  were  induced  to  discount  paper  to  the  paltry  end,  of  200,000  dols.  for  the  Western  Bank.  In  In  n  tie  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  ing  such  stringency  we  fancy  the  bullion  t  y  are  losing  the  best  market  they  will  find  flot4  large  surplus  stocks  for  many  years  to  donie•  t  iki  .  e  .t  cannot  long  command  the  price  current  a  ov  l  York  for  the  last  few  months,  and  we  do  ue  t STYLE=superscript  f  g  ov  that  they  will  be  able  to  keep  up  the  value  O STYLE=superscript  g  0:  E  pru  ng  d  la  e  n  n  d  ee  ce  i  :t  k  a  e  inly  will  not  much  longer  be  sik'!'o  tomer  for  American  gold,  at  the  prices  she  l  it STYLE=superscript  iio  l9  Paying  of  late  years.  The  United  States  bul  ls STYLE=superscript  •  A  oil  better  look  to  this  in  time.  There  0 STYLE=superscript  Ae  y  re  t  0  uncertainty  there  can  be  no  m  a STYLE=superscript  i  „„ye  4  l,  Is  in  the  bullion  ni,  i  ii'  e  pre'd  I,  zing  down  their.  credits  sve  v  .4  'e  was  a  nrol  - STYLE=superscript  at  English  mint  prie;.t'LlTian  realisin  i  g  .  at.  vi  derr  o  gi  for  bills  on  London,  and  Exeh  ed  '`..lge  elos  to  1  091.  .  De  •  ,  n  speaking  of  the  contraction  of  the  e  tltle STYLE=superscript  tioll,  the  New  York.  papers  . STYLE=superscript  Large  contoL  e STYLE=superscript  t  or,  Bank  accommodations  haye  been  mane  . STYLE=superscript  0  1- STYLE=superscript  o  f  weeks,  averaging  over  a  million  per  xv  - STYLE=superscript  eel'  , STYLE=superscript  ot  Ot  ti  t  the,  season  of  the  year  when  the  largest  9111 STYLE=superscript  ,itle  liquidations  of  indebt  e  d  neS  S  is  going  011 STYLE=superscript  '  '  f  e  9t STYLE=superscript  it  more  disasters  in  th  e  mercan  til  e  world,  PO  0  t  general  soundn  ess  o  f  th  e  t  ra  din  g  comm  ull  iti STYLE=superscript  A  is  also  a  subject  of  frequent  remar  k  that  if  ee°  the  heavy  decline  in  stocks  of  the  last  51!t  et  e  , STYLE=superscript  '  there  should  have  been  so  few  failures  to  111  .  gagements.  •  s  The  market  was  dull  for  Freights  and  rate  1  3  ;  scarcely  sustained.  To  ..LiverpoOl  . STYLE=superscript  ,  Flour,  3s.  6d.  to  3s.  9d.  ;  300  bales  Cotton  , STYLE=superscript  London,  100,000  Or  12;000  bushels  Wheat,  l  u STYLE=superscript  t  Plymouth  and  Gloucester,  full  cargoes  1  50  .  0 STYLE=superscript  Some  engagements  to  Havre  were  made  at  Flour  ;  23  to  24e.  for  Wheat.  eO,l  The  Imports  at  New  York  for  the  three  sv  e STYLE=superscript  ,  r  vi  October  are  $7,538,856,  indicating  a  total  fv,,  o  p  month  of  about  $10,000,000  against  $17,0  00, STYLE=superscript  u„  ,  01  September.  Here  is  a  diminution  of  $70,  00 STYLE=superscript  while  the  Exports,  including  -  specie,  excel  eptember,  those  of  the  whole  month  of  promised  to  be  about  5,000,000  in  excess  o.'  o  r  close.  Taking  together  the  reduction  of  and  the  increase  of  Exports,  the  balance  %  O  tt  trade  of  New  York  will  be  about  $12,000,000  tol  for  this  month  than  the  last.  This  is  partlY.  attributed  to  the  natural  and  ordinary  O  tt STYLE=superscript  0  business  from  the  summer  to  the  fall  months,'  DI  partly  to  the  unusual  demand  for.  Breadstil  3 STYLE=superscript  5  the  rapidity  and  extent  of  the  change  indicate  great  resources  and  strength  of  the  country  0  From  Mexico,  our  dates  are  to  the  3rd  u1t  . STYLE=superscript  .,  t  1)  mail  steamer  Avon  had  left  Ve  r  a  C  r  uz  witlW  a  tY,  freight-list  of  specie  and  cochineal,  the  cf,,pe  being  so  severe  as  t  o  p  reven  t  it  s  b  e  ing  st  The  cholera  is  said  to  have  broken  out  in  tov,  e  vince  Oagaca.  The  commercial  intelligen'  ceived  is  unimportant.  W  e STYLE=superscript  d  ' STYLE=superscript  We  have  advices  f  rom  B  ar  b  a  d  oes  ,  Per,  h  er,  i  Indian,  to  Sept.  29th.  Th  e  y  re  p  or  t  the  w  o STYLE=superscript  ')Aft,  - STYLE=superscript  highly  favourable  to  th  e  S  ugar  cro  p,  and  yield  was  consequently  expected.  The  1  0 STYLE=superscript  ,e0  were  busy  in  preparing  the  laud  for  nest  e  prices  of  Stocks  were  well  supportea  ti  c  t  iov;  f  London  market  on  Saturday,  but  the  V°  for°g  for  time  do  not  show  a  prevailing  opinion  in STYLE=superscript  to  of  a  fUrther  advance.  Consols  opened  at  9  4 STYLE=superscript  g,  41%.  for  money,  and  94l  to  95  for_  account,  b  1 STYLE=superscript  .  1 STYLE=superscript  1  1  ,  3  '3&#34;  ,  closed  at  941-  to  944  for  transfer,  and.  time-  l  ieej  ced,  931  to  94;  Three-and-a-Q  u  a  r  ter  per  9  '  ;  r  95  3 STYLE=superscript  /  4  -,  96  ;  Bank  Stock,  217  ;  Indi  a  StQck,  .  Exchequer  Bills,  2s.  to  45..  premium.  l  day  Foreign  Stocks  had  not  changed  from  r'  quotations,  the  market  being  very  -inactive.  a  cti  f STYLE=superscript  The  Railway  share  market  was  a  lso  with  scarcely  any  change  in  prices:  -  ,11  The  Liverpool  Cotton  market:  closed  -  ji STYLE=superscript  Saturday,  and  without  change  in  prices.  or  amounted  to  4000  bales,  500  of  w  hi  c  h  Wer  e STYLE=superscript  for  export  and  speculation.-  .  Our  Sbare  market  was  steady,  and  closed  '  s  e  quc)tationa  differing  but  little  from  t'  Friday  r  i  BULLION  MARKET  AND  FOREIGN  EXCEIAA`  O  II°  W STYLE=superscript  0;  IVe._give  the  current  priceS  of  Gold,  as  ~,t0  to  assist  the  merchant  i  n  ca  l  culating  the  Foreign  Exchange,  by  th  e  ac  t  ua  l  current  vat  bullion,  as  last  reported  :  London,  775.  9d.  ;  Paris,  —;  e  sterdam,  —;  Vienna,  —,•  St.  'Petersburg,  vo:(  8  0 STYLE=superscript  /'  lin,  —;  —;  Constantinople,.  ---  ;  Bombay,  ;  C  a  l  cu  tt  a  •  'Tong,  -  0 STYLE=superscript  At  leY  'T  Sydney,  745.  9d.  to  —s.,;  Port  Philip,  778.  Gd  —;  Victoria,  765.  9d.  775;  Ovens,  765.  6d.•  31°11 STYLE=superscript  Frall  e STYLE=superscript  0  4  .7 STYLE=superscript  New  York,  —;  Boston,  £3  17s.  9d.  ;  S  3ll STYLE=superscript  775•/,  •  Mexico,  ;  Brazils,  ---  ;  Geelongl  th  l  B STYLE=superscript  Fingal,  725.  ;  Melb  ourne  ,  775.  6d.  New  S°  ll STYLE=superscript  average,  765.  2-Id.  .;41  ---'.  9  FlRE.—This  m  orn  i  n  g-  about  fbur  o'clock,  til,  c  eti  •  5  10'  1 STYLE=superscript  of  Mr.  N  orr  i  s  ,  c  h  a  i  n  manu  f  acturer,  Suffolk  -0 STYLE=superscript  discovered  to  be  on  fire.  It  was  got  under  ancl,,  e STYLE=superscript  l  s STYLE=superscript  f  before  the  arrival  of  the  engines  by  the  Little  or  no  damage  was  done-  •  tie,  A  fl„  Sir  Charles  Wood  at  Halifax  said,  '  1  ,(1  ( STYLE=superscript  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  .;  1 STYLE=superscript  4  we  have  muchtO  get  through  'this  -- STYLE=superscript  /i  d  say  whether  is  was  in  the  wood  or  the  bottle,  sequent  observations  on  the  Porte  afford  no  clue.  •oe•f  , STYLE=superscript  A  NEW.  PRINTING  PRESS  iS  deSCribedbi)ocuqct  rican  contemporaries  whi  c  h  will  print  froyil.,h  p0r,14;  rolling  from  a  cylinder,  cutting  and  folding  , STYLE=superscript  to  r  %oi  l STYLE=superscript  '  gularity,  30,000  copies  each  hour.  Thet'iull  l  oco STYLE=superscript  his  ability  to  print  one  mile  of  paper  'as  fast  48 STYLE=superscript  can  run  on  a  railway.  •  P2_TB00102 Packet  '  Il STYLE=superscript  l?  pt  arc  Yorl,  P2_TB00103 4ach  o  a STYLE=superscript  bout  Iv  •  P2_TB00104 14 STYLE=superscript  ,  g  ti  V  3 STYLE=superscript  fl  I  CI STYLE=superscript  Pta  '4%07  P2_TB00105 mg  `t  Tory  lith  o  ,  (14 STYLE=superscript  81  1)1(  I  Ol STYLE=superscript  t,  in,:eitt.  t►  l° STYLE=superscript  iu~~  0  7 STYLE=superscript  0  ,Oeti"
