text
"Three  per  Cents  opened  74f.  50c.,  closed  at  74f.  80c.;  Four•and-a-Half  per  Cents  closed  at  100  f,  10e.  On  Sunday,  Threes  were  done  at  74f.  50c.  The  Daily  News  says  the  Russians  had  lost  two  steamers  in  the  Black  Sea.  _  ~...  The  weather  in  the  Principalities  had  cleared  up.  GERMANY,  BADEN,  FRIEBURG,  26.  The  government  measures  against  the  refractory  Roman  Catholic  clergy  had  led  to  deplorable  riots.  The  gendarmes  ordered  to  arrest  several  priests  were  attacked  by  the  peasantry  in  the  Tanber  valley  ;  in  other  places  the  priests  were  rescued  by  the  popu populace.  lace. populace.  CARLSRIIHE.  Letters  of  the  24th  state  that  it  was  probable  the  differences  with  the  archbishop  would  be  arranged,  and  the  arrested  priests  set  at  liberty.  LONDON.  The  Cabinet  Council  sat  three  hours  and  a  half  on  Saturday.  The  Times  says  it  can  excite  no  surprise  that  the  propositions  that  reached  Constantinople  about  the  9th  of  November,  were  declined  by  the  Turkish  government,  and  eventually  withdrawn  by  the  British  and  French  Envoys.  Peace  is  to  be  restored,  if  at  all,  by  the  combined  influence  of  those  Powers  and  interests  which  are  more  deeply  concerned  in  the  maintenance  of  public  tranquility  and  public  law  than  in  the  issue  of  the  Turko-Russian  quarrel.  The  combined  squadrons  of  England  and  France  may  be  prepared  as  the  last  resource  to  make  an  armed  demonstration  in  the  Black  Sea;  but  if  any  effect  can  still  be  produced  by  the  mediation  of  neutral  Powers,  it  must  be  with  the  assent  of  the  German  States,  supported  by  a  general  resolution  to  uphold  their  common  award.  The  Times  has  no  reason  to  believe  that  Counts  Buol  and  Manteuffel  are  insensible  of  their  momen momentous  tous momentous  duties.  Nor  is  there  any  ground  for  the  sur surmise  mise surmise  that  they  are  likely  to  be  superseded  by  statesmen  more  pliantlto  the  influence  of  Russia.  The  article  shows  that  it  is  the  policy  of  Austria  and  Prussia  to  unite  with  England  and  France,  and  argues  that  a  declaration  of  neutrality  would  be  not  only  the  least  honorable,  but  the  most  imprudent  course  they  could  pursue;  for  the  mediation  whidh  might  be  imposed  on  the  belligerents  by  the  autho authority  rity authority  of  the  Four  Powers,  will  probably  require  more  active  measures  on  the  part  of  England  and  France.  The  arrivals  of  specie  last  week,  were  £275,000  in  gold,  and  £50,000  in  silver.  The  exports  were  upwards  of  £BOO,OOO  in  gold,  and  £20,000  in  silver,  of  which  £600,000  in  gold  was  for  the  Russian  government,  with  an  addition  of  £160,000  sent  to  St.  Petersburg  by  private  firms.  OVERLAND  MAIL.  MARSEILLES,  SUNDAY.  The  Indian  Mail  arrived  here  at  five  o'clock  on  Saturday  evening.  AUSTRALIA.  The  Indian  Queen,  from  Melbourne,  is  off  the  port."
