text
"TILE  P.R_ESTON  STRIKE  [PROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.]  PRESTON,  Saturday  Evening.  Two  or  three  weeks  ago  I  mentioned  that  Messrs.  Napier  and  Goodair  (a  firm  unconnected  with  the  masters'  associ association,)  ation,) association,)  had  commenced  running  short  time  in  the  weaving  department  of  one  of  their  large  mills.  The  hands,  upwards  of  400  in  number,  have  now  resumed  full  time.  It  appears  that  the  temporary  restriction  of  work  was  caused  by  the  weavers  consuming.  more  yarn  than  was  manufactured  by  the  firm,  who,  in  the  present  state  of  trade,  declined  pur purchasing.  chasing. purchasing.  Being  now  about  to  open  a  new  mill,  they  will  be  able  to  supply  the  weavers  with  yarns  of  their  own  spinning.  As  an  illustration  of  the  condition  to  which  some  of  the  unemployed  are  reduced,  it  may  be  recorded  that  at  a  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  spinners  held  in  the  Temperance-hall  last  night,  an  operative  named  Giles  Howarth,  made  the  following  startling  statement  There  is  suffering,  said  he,  in  the  town  of  Preston,  and  such  suffering  as  few  have  any  id  ea  a  b  ou  t  w  h  o  are  not  familiar  with  the  homes  and  haunts  of  misery.  I  myself  know  a  family  who  have  visited  a  slaughter-house  regularly,  and  fetched  blood  and  used  it  without,  anything  like  groats  or  bread  to  mix  with  it.  There  is  also  another  man  who  has  been  without  food  until  he  has  been  seen  picking  the  bits  out  from  the  wash  that  was  put  by  for  pigs.  These  statements  are  not  made  at  random,  they  are  the  result  of  observation,  and,  added  the  speaker,  they  brand  the  manufacturers  of  Preston  with  At  the'  weekly  meeting  held  in  the  orchard  this  afternoon,  from  ten  to  twelve  thousand  of  the  unemployed  assembled.  Mr.  Waddington,  of  Preston,  presided.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  they  had  everything  to  encourage  them  to  continue  in  the  course  they  had  hitherto  pursued.  The  people  of  the  outer  districts,  like  the  people  of  Preston,  were  more  determined  every  day  that  came.  He  was  in  one  district  on  Wednasday,  where  they  were  running  short  time;  and  on  account  of  their  running  short  time,  they  had  doubled  their  subscriptions.  (Cheers)  Yesterday,  the  committee  received  a  letter  from  Hyde  where  they  were  now  working  short  time.  Previously  their  subscriptions  were  £6O  per  week  :  but  to-morrow,  they  would  receive  £lOO.  (Cheers.)  At  a  place  called  Selmont,  the  looms  were  standing  all  last  week,  and  the  people  had  actually  subscribed  6d.  per  loom  to  Preston.  (Cheers)  He  antici anticipated  pated anticipated  that  the  weavers'  fund  for  the  ensuing  week  would  be  £2,500,  and  that  in  the  week  fcllowing  it  would  he  increased  £3,500.  _  _  Mr.  COWELL  exhibited  five  notice  papers,  as  a  sample  of  those  issued  to  the  operatives  of  Burnley,  when  the  mills  were  closed.  The  Burnley`  masters,  said  he,  have  a  curious  way  of  disfiguring  these  documents,  in  order  that  they  may  ma)c.e  known  who  are  stump  and  who  are  not.  I  have  got  five  of  these  papers,  and  there  are  five  classes  of  opera operatives  tives operatives  in  Burnley.  I  have  one  here  belonging  to  a  man  who  is  a  The  man  is  never  to  have  work  in  Burnley  while  he  lives.  But  lam  happy  to  tell  you  the  operatives  have  now  got  forty-eight  looms,  and  they  are  de determined  termined determined  to  keep  these  men  in  Burnley,  whether  the  masters  will  or  not.  (Cheers.)  The  second  paper  has  a  narrow  printed  border  at  one  edge  distinguishing  it  from  the  first,  which  is  without  ;  this  indicates  a  doubtful  character.  He  may  be  forgiven  if  he  will  go  and  humble  himself,  and  say  please,  master,  if  you'll  only  employ  the  once  more,  I'll  never  have  anything  further  to  do  with  a  trade  Here  is  another  (producing  a  third  paper)  not  quite  so  bad  as  the  rest.  On  presenting  this  at  the  next  place  he  goes  to,  the  master  will  look  at  it  and  0,  I  see  ;  you  are  not  quite  so  bad  as  some  ;  and  if  you  will  .  promise  me  never  to  have  anything  to  do  with  a  trades  union,  nor  support  any  turn-out  or  lock-out,  whether  local  or  distant,  I  will  find  you  Then  I  come  to  a  fourth,  with  a  private  mark  across  it  ;  this  belongs  to  a  full-grown  man,  who  never  did  any  wrong  in  his  life  (Laughter.)  You  see  this  fifth  document,  with  two  stamps  upon  it  :  when  a  man  presents  this,  he  is  at  once  known  as  an  inoffensive  character—one  who  has  never  taken  an  active  part,  in  any  agitation—who  is  entirely  passive  in  the  hands  of  the  masters.  Now,  the  Burnley  people  have  furnished  me  with  these  papers,  in  order  to  convince  the  public  of  the  tyranny.  the  imposition,  and  the  rascality  of  their  employers.  The  speaker  then  noticed  an  article  in  the  ilf  , STYLE=superscript  nchester  Guardian,  in  which  it  was  insinuated  that  the  delegates  were  running  away  with  £25  out  of  every  £lOO  collected.  In  reply,  he  showed  from  the  14th  report,  that  whilst  the  delegates  only  received  £22  Bs.  for  the  week,  (and  there  were  about  a  dozen  of  them),  they  had  brought  in  £2067  13s.  7d.  Was  that,  he  asked,  taking  £25  out  of  every  £lOO  ?  (Cheers.)  Speaking  of  Blackburn,  Mr.  Cowell  said—l  feel  confident  that  the  largest  millowners  in  Blackburn  will  never  consent  to  take  off  the  10  per  cent.  which  they  have  given  to  their  workpeople.  (A  voice,  dare  The  Blackburn  masters  are  men  of  honour  •  and  though  the  Preston  manu manufacturers  facturers manufacturers  go  there  to  persuade  them  to  combine  with  them,  I  feel  confident  they  will  never  do  so  whilst  the  present  prospe prosperity  rity prosperity  exists.  All  you  who  are  determined  never  to  resume  work  until  you  get  the  10  per  cent.  hold  up  your  hands.  The  vast  assembly  unanimously  responded.  Mr.  BnowN  said  he  had  been  present  at  a  meeting  at  which  one  of  the  Earl  of  Wilton's  agents  attended.  That  gentleman  stated,  that  the  Earl  having  heard  of  the  resolve  of  the  factory  operatives  to  erect  mills,  he  had  promised  to  let  them  have  three  acres  of  land  for  a  nominal  consideration consideration  - consideration  -  j“.a—auu  w  ieuu  teem  £2,000  on  approved  security.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  GRIMSHAW  gave  an  account  or  large  meetin  g  s  he  had  attended  during  the  w  ee  k  a  t  H  eywoo  d  ,  Todmorden,  Padi Padiham,  ham, Padiham,  and  Burnley,  at  all  of  which  places,  he  said,  the  people  were  as  zealous  as  ever  on  behalf  of  the  operatives  of  Preston.  The  meeting  then  dispersed.;"
