text
"WEST  DERBY  BOARD  OF  GU.ARDIANS.  This  board  held  its  usual  weekly  meeting  yesterday,  at  the  union  house.  Mr.  J.  HARRISON  in  the  chair:  The  following  guardians  were  also  present,  Messrs.  Alpass,  Heyes,  Lunt,  Taylor,  Abraham,  Mountfield,  Browne,  Moly Molyneux,  neux, Molyneux,  Miller,  G.  Harrison,  Smith,  Tattersall,  Carter,  Medcalfe,  Kirkus,  Pilkington,  Jefferies,  Shaw,  and  Birch.  By  the  accounts  it  appeared  there  was  £1256  17s.  6d.  in  the  funds  of  the  treasurer,  and  charges  to  the  amount  of  £lBO  were  granted  for  out-door  relief.  The  governor  reported  that  there  were  679  paupers  inthe  house,  and  that  there  were  723  in  the  house  for  the  corresponding  week  of  last  year.  It  was  ordered  that  the  sum  of  £350  should  be  paid  to  the  contractor  for  the  erection  of  the  new  board-room,  in  addition  to  £BOO  already  paid.  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Reed,  the  school schoolmaster  master schoolmaster  and  schoolmistress  of  the  union,  sent  in  their  resigna resignation,  tion, resignation,  which,  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  Alpass,  was  accepted,  and  .  the  clerk  was  directed  to  prepare  an  advertisement  for  each  of  the  Liverpool  papers,  the  London  Times,  and  the  justice  of  the  peace.  It  was  the  desire  of  the  board  that  the  persons  appointed  should  be  single;  the  salary  Of  the  master  to  be  £6O  per  annum,  and  the  mistress  £3O,  with  hoard  and  lodging  in  the  house.  Mr..  Woons,  surgeon,  was  appointed  one  of  the  district  vaccinators.  As  a  member  of  the  hospital  committee,  Mr.  ALPAss  direc directed  ted directed  the  attention  of  the  board  to  the  little  progress  which  was  being  made  in  laying  out  the  gardens,  which  he  said  was  en entirely  tirely entirely  to  be  attributed  to  the  incapacity  and  inability  of  a  ser servant  vant servant  named  Downes.  Mr.  SHAW  confirmed  Mr.  Alpass's  assertion  ;  and  after  a  brief  but  warm  conversation,  in  the  course  of  which,  Mr.  TAYLOR  accused  Mr.  Shaw  of  having  a  spite  against  the  man,  which  was  denied.  The  hospital  committee  were  directed  to  investigate  the  mat matter,  ter, matter,  and  report  thereon  at  the  next  meeting.  The  tender  of  Mrs.  Bewsher  for  the  erection  of  an  organ  in  the  chapel,  at  a  cost  of  £6O,  with  48  for  an  additional  stop,  was  accepted.  The  governor  of  the  houso  was  directed  to  prepare  a  report  of  the  age,  character,  &amp;c.,  of  the  female  paupers  while  in  the  house,  with  a  view  of  having  some  of  the  worst  provided  for  out  of  the  house.  The  following  letter  was  handed  in  by  the  vice-chairman,  !‘  Having  some  suspicion  ,  that  the  corpse  of  my  late  husband  is  not  buried,  I  am  determined  to  see  the  corpse.  •  If  I  should  not  receive  the  permission  from  you  to  see  him  I  shall  give  it  into  the  hands  of  an  attorney  who  shall  force  by  all  means.—W.  The  woman  wanted  the  corpse-for  the  purpose,  as  she  stated,  of  selling  it  for  £lOO,  as  she  was  short  of  money.  The  corps©  had  been  buried  for  weeks.  RAILWAYS  r'N  MIDDLESEX.—From  a  return  to  parlia parliament,  ment, parliament,  just  issued,  it  appears  that  the  length  of  railways  in  Middlesex  is  82  miles,  4  furlongs,  and  115  yards  ;  and  the  land  occupied  .___  by  railways  is  'l,  l STYLE=superscript  furlong,  and  29  DR:  CHURCH'S  BREECH-LOADING  CANNON.—A  final  trial  was  made  on  Friday  of  two  cannons  that  have  been  pre prepared  pared prepared  to  be  sent  to  Woolwich.  They  were  fired  50  times  with  heavy  charges  of  powder  and  ball  with  perfect  success.  N  o  . STYLE=superscript  defect  in  any  respect  could  be  pointed  out  by  the  best  judges.  Upon  this  plan  heavy  ship  guns  can  be  loaded  and  fired,  and  brought  into  position,  by  two  men  five  times  in  a  minute,  and  a  field-piece  eight  times  in  a  minute.  The  gun  heats  very  little.—Birmingham  Journal.  PEARLS  AND  PEARL-MAKING  IN  CHlNA.—Thcpractice  of  the  art  is  confined  to  two  coterminous  villages,  near  the  district  city  of  Tehtsing,  in  the  northern  part  of  Chihkiang,  in  a  silk  producing  region.  In  the  month  of  May  or  June,  lar.:e  quantities  of  the  mussel  (.111  - STYLE=superscript  iitilms  cygnus)  are  brought  in  baskets  from  the  Tabu,  a  lake  in  Kiangsu  about  thirty  miles  distant,  the  largest  amongst  the  full-grown  being  specially  selected.  A.  their  health  suffers  on  the  journey,  they  are  allowed  a  few  days  respite  in  bamboo  oagov  in  water,  before  being  tortured  for  the  gratification  of  human  vanity,  when  they  are  taken  out  to  receive  the  matrices.  These  are  various  in  form  and  material,  the  most  common  being  pellets  made  of  mud,  taken  from  the  bottom  of  water watercourses,  courses, watercourses,  dried,  powdered  with  the  juice  of  camphor-tree  seeds,  and  formed  into  pills,  which,  when  dry,  arc  fit  for  introduction  into  'the  unfortunate  subject  ;  moulds  which  best  exhibit  the  nacreous  deposit  are:  brought  from  Canton,  and  appear  to  be  made  from  the  shell  of  the  pearl  oyster  ;  the  irregular  fragments  thus  procured  are  triturated  with  sand  in  an  iron  mortar,  until  they  become  smooth  and  globular.  Another  class  of  moulds  consist  of  small  images,  generally  of  Buddha,  in  the  canal  c;tt;ng  posttire  ;  or  sometimes  of  fish  ;  they  are  made  of  lead,  east  very  thin,  by  pouring  on  a  board  having  the  im impression.  pression. impression.  Pearls  having  these  forms  haro  4.eited  much  surprise,  since  they  first  attracted  the  attention  of  foreigners  a  few  years  back.  The  introduction  of  the  pearl  nuclei  is  an  operation  of  considerable  delicacy.  The  shell  is  gently  opened  with  spatula  of  mother-o'pearl,  and  the  free  portion  of  the  mollusc  is  carefully  separated  from  one  surface  of  the  shell  with  an  iron  probe  ;  the  foreign  bodies  are  then  suc successfully  cessfully successfully  introduced  at  the  point  of  a  bifurcated  bamboo  stick,  and  placed  in  two  parallel  rows  upon  the  mantle  or  fleshy  surface  of  the  animal  ;  a  sufficient  number  having  been  placed  on  one  side,  the  operation  is  repeated  on  the  other;  stimulated  by  the  irritatinc  , STYLE=superscript  bodies,  the  suffering  animal  spasmodically  presses  against  both  sides  of  its  testaceous  skeleton  keeping  the  matrices  in  place.  This  being  done  the  mussels  are  deposited  one  by  one  in  canals,  or  streams,  or  pools  connected  therewith,  five  or  six  inches  apart,  at  depths  of  from  two  to  five  feet,  in  lots  of  from  5  to  —Correspondent  of  the  Journal  of  the  Society  of"
