text
"of  the  Emperor.  The  same  paper  - STYLE=superscript  calls  upon  the  United  State  - STYLE=superscript  S'  government  to  look  into  this  matter,  as  assuredly  such  emigration  cannot  be  supposed  to  be  for  the  sole  purpose  of  colonization;  and  that  it  is  improbable  that  England,  or  France,  will  look  upon  it  as  such.  .  0 STYLE=superscript  0  From  Valparaiso  we  learn  of  a  disagreement  be between  tween between  the  officers  and  crew  of  Lady  Franklin's  searching  ship,  the  Isabel,  which  it  was  said  had  led  to  the  abandonment  of  the  expedition.  Two  hundred  thousand  dollar's  worth  of  property  had  been  destroyed  in  the  city  by  fire.  .A,Brazilian  war  vessel—the  first—had  entered  the  harbour,.  Two  destructive  fires  had  occurred  in  the  provinceof  Capaipo.  Freights  were  firm  at  Valparaiso,  and  flour  had  advanced  in  price.  At  the  Chincha  Islands  there  were  upwards  of  one  hundred  vessels  loading  or  waiting  their  turn  to  receive  cargoes  of  guano.  Several  of  these  ves vessels  sels vessels  must  remain  for  months  at  the  islands  before  they  can  be  supplied.  It  was  said  that  the  Peruvian  government  had  agreed  to  allow  full  compensation  for  the  insults  and  injury  to  the  Americans.  Queen  Pomare,  having  been  cured  of  the  small smallpox,  pox, smallpox,  issued  a  decree  to  the  Constituent  Assembly  of  Tahiti,  which  is  published,  as  is  also  the  address  of  the  United  States  Consul  to  the  King  of  the  Sandwich  Islands  upon  the  occasion  of  his  presen presentation  tation presentation  to  his  Majesty.  We  have  later  advices  from  Central  America.  Our  dates  from  the  capital  of  Costa  Rica  are  up  to  the  Bth  ult.,  and  in  the  journals  which  we  have  received  from  San  Jose  we  have  dates  from  Gua Guatemala  temala Guatemala  to  the  2nd  of  September,  and  from  San  Salvador  to  the  9th.  Hostilities  were  still  being  carried  on  between  these  two  last-named  republics.  A  party  of  men,  under  one  Senor  Rubi,  had  inva invaded  ded invaded  the  territory  of  Guatemala,  and  sacked  some  towns.  On  the  other  hand,  a  party  •of  three  hundred  men,  under  the  command  of  Colonel  Zabala.  had  landed  in  the  port  of  Omoa,  belonging  to  Honduras.  -  The  commandant  of  the  latter  port  was  shut  up  in  the  Castle  with  his  garrison,  being  only  provisioned  for  eight  days.  Forces  , STYLE=superscript  had  been  sent  to  the  assistance  of  the  garrison.  The  Central  American  papers  were  discussing  the  question  of  the  proposed  Spanish  protectorate,  and  had  mostly  declared  opposition  to  that  scheme.  The  commercial  news  is,  upon  the  whole,  per perhaps,  haps, perhaps,  rather  more  satisfactory  ;  the  demand  for  money  continued  active  ;  and,  although  there  had  been  no  reduction  in  the  rate  of  interest,  yet  there  was  evidently  more  confidence  felt  in  in  commer commercial  cial commercial  circles.  On  call,  money  was  freely  offered,  but  long  commercial  paper  was  with  difficulty  negoci negociated  ated negociated  at  the  current  rates.  The  contraction  on  the  part  of  the  banks,  from  the  15th  to  the  22nd  instant,  they  contracted  their  discount  lines  2,469,000  dollars,  making  since  the  6th  August  upwards  of  twelve  and  a  half  millions  of  dollars.  The  decrease  in  the  deposits  last  week  was  3,319,  000  dollars.  Some  of  the  merchants  complain  that.  the  banks  treat  them  illiberally.  The  latest  report  of  the  Stock  market  says,—Stocks  have  fluctuated  a  good  deal  during  the  week  ;  the  tendency  is  now  up upward,  ward, upward,  but  the  improvement  will  hardly  be  extensive  or  lasting  until'  we  have  .an  easier  money  market.  Prides  of  nearly  - STYLE=superscript  all  the  speculative  descriptions  stand  higher  than  at  this  time  last  week.  The  imports  of  dry  goods  continued  large,  and  as  the  fall  trade  was  over  they  would  prove  a  dead  weight.  Foreign  Exchange  was  depressed  by  the  scarcity  of  money.  The  quotations  on  London  were  from  1091  to  1091.  Our  correspondent  gives  the  following  statementeof  the  condition  of  the  I  markets  for  bread  stuffs.  _  _  .  On  Wednesday,  only  a  limited  business  was  clone  in  flour,  owing  to  the  extreme  rates  asked  for  freights,  the  late  unfavourable  advices  brought  out  by  the  Asia,  and  the  tightness  of  the  money  mar market.  ket. market.  On  Thursday,  upon  the  receipt  of  the  Nia Niagara's  gara's Niagara's  news  Via  Halifax,  (by  telegraph),  which  is  considered  favourable,  some  activity  sprung  up,  and  more  was  doing  in  almost  all  descriptions  of  brands,  at  improved  prices.  This  continued,  throughout  Friday.  The  commoner  kinds  of  flour  being  most  in  demand,  Southern  was  somewhat  less  asked  for.  The  advices  from  California  report  the  departure  from  San  Francisco  of  the  steamer  PacifiC  for  San  Juan  del  Sud,  with  460  passengers  and  $1,500,000  in  gold,  and  the  steamer  Panama,  for  Panama,  with  $1,100,000  in  gold."
