text
"n'favonr  of  pea  Tallow  vernal  appeared,  a  seized  th  most  s  Wecepted  f  edition  of  anotl  cation  tt  iced  to  6  'ebafer,  It  su'  with  t  is  to  be  held,  tt  qoently  declined  to  625.,  January  andiMarch  ;  and  603.  March  and  April.  To-day  it  has  been  almost  impossible  to  effect  sales,  in  consequence  of  the  growinE,  belief  that  Russia  is  preparod  to  yield  implicitly  to  the  just  demands  of  the  allies.  Our  prices  are  nominal.  The  public  sales  consisted  of  502  casks,  of  which  25  casks  were  sold.  The  arrivals  at  present  are  1889  casks  ;  the  deliveries  10t.'7  casks—spot,  60s.  ;  January  and  March,  595.  ;  March  and  April,  58s.  ;  April  and  June,  575.  ;  October  and  December,  565.  to  575.  ;  town  tallow,  545.  net  cash.  We  quote  palm  oil,  453.  ;  linseed  oil.  40s.  ;  tallow  elaine,  565.  ;  tallow  oil,  425.  Cocoanut  oil—Cochin  435.  ;  Ceylon,  425.  ,  I  n  the  early  part  of  the  week  the  markets  at  Mincing-lane  have  recovered  to  some  extent,  from  depression  under  which  they  had  p  rev  i  ous  l  y  subjected,  but  this  improvem  en  t  was  not  ma  i  n  tained.  Some  i  ncre  ased  dema  n  d  f  or  sugar  been  the STYLE=superscript  too  k  place,  and  on  the  whole,  the  business  was  sli  g  htly  improved,  although  in  a  limited  degree.  C  o  ff  ee  has  been  very  heavy,  and  some  diffi  cu  l  ty  was  experienced  in  sustaining  previous  rates.  Rum,  cocoa,  rice,  and  some  other  staples,  were  also  dull,  and  have  been  affected  by  the  telegraphic  informa.  tin  from  Vienna,  whi  c  h  h  as  r  endered  o  p  erators  more  cautious.  The  spice  market  has  been  firm,  and  some  advance  has  been  recorded  in  cotton.  Accounts  from  Odessa  give  some  interesting  par.  titulars  of  the  refusal  at  the  Commercial  Banl  , STYLE=superscript  there  to  pay  in  specie.  On  receiving  deposits  the  cashier  indorsed  each  voucher  with  the  sum  re.  ceived  in  specie,  giving  a  warranty  that  the  dopo.  sitor  would  receive  the  same  amount  in  coin  at  any  Those  who  deposited  notes  were  only  entitled  to  rec  tho  1m  in  notes  ed  gold  received  in  gold.  vever,  loci  )tes  in  the  expectation  that  he  would  re  ie;  the  req,ulations  instituted  authoris9(l  the  in  refusing  irn  the  silne  A  telegraphie  that  the  loan  of  patch  from  Turin  announces  00,000  asked  by  the  govern-  been  approved  of  by  the  Chamber  of  __  ...  Deputies.  Some  lively  opposition  was  given  to  the  measure  by  members  on  the  right  of  the  house,  tnding  which  the  bill  passed  by  a  ma  j  or  i  ty  •  .  .  ight.  •  notwiti  of  109  1:  wenty-e  Mr.  Wr  ind  the  assets  are  expected  to  be  found  unfavourable  The  English  Stock  Market  continued  good,  at  the  late  rise.  On  the  whole  the  market  was  firmer  to-day,  with  prices  closing  at  891,  90.  At  Paris  to today  day today  the  Bourse  was  weaker  during  the  earlier  hours  of  business,  but  subsequently  recovered.  The  accounts  from  all  the  other  Continental  Stock  Markets  indicate  extraordinary  excitement,  and  a  fresh  general  rise  in  all  descriptions  of  securities.  The  total  value  of  gold  arrivals  this  week  is  abou  t  362,000;  the  total  ascertained  shipments  of  specie  are  344,0001.,  chiefly  in  silver.  It  is  also  known  that  the  180.0001.,  ex  Ben  Nevis,  has  been  taken  for  the  Bank  of  France.  The  Railway  Share  Market  to-day  skewed  an  increased  upward  tendency  and  the  quotations  closed  as  follows:  Caledonian,  561  57.  Eastern  Counties,  84  81.  East  Lancashire,  72  73.  Great  Northern,  93  94.  Ditto  A,  79  80.  Great  Western,  544  55.  Lan Lancashire  cashire Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  79  791.  London  and  North  Western,  96a  96-4.  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  24  :  1  243.  Midland  Stock,  66  66i.  North  British,  30  301.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  59.4  60.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  68!  691.  York  and  North  Midland.  461  461.  MARRIAGE  IN  HIGH  LIFE.—We  are  informed  that  a  marriaee  is  about  to  take  place  between  Colonel  Newton,  of  the  Guards,  and  Miss  Steele,  daughter  of  Mr.  and  Lady  Elizabeth  Steele,  and  the  near  relative  of  the  Duchess  of  Wellington  and  Lady  Emily  Peel.  NORTH-WESTERN  RAILWAY.—We  are  happy  to  learn  that  the  North-Western  Railway  Company  of  Ireland  is  steadily  progressing.  The  directors  have,  we  understand,  lodged  the  24,0001,  and  complied  with  all  the  standing  orders.  They  are  daily  receiving  influential  accessions.—  Dublin  Evening  Post.  The  conservatives  of  North  Essex  are  still  at  loggerheads  Mr.  C.  Du  Cane  has  issued  an  address  offering  himself  as  a  candidate  on  the  retirement  of  Sir  John  Tyrell.  Lieutenant-  Colonel  Brise  has  issued  an  address  in  opposition  to  Major  Beresford,  who  has,  he  thinks,  been  already  paid  whatever  debt  of  gratitude  may  be  due  to  him.  A  county  man  is  hinted  at  as  coming  forward.  DUKE  OF  LANCASTER'S  RlFLES.—Captain  Littledale  has  relieved  Captain  R.  A.  Aspinall  in  the  command  of  the  depot  of  tho  Duke  of  Lancaster's  Rifles,  stationed  in  this  town.  During  the  past  year  the  latter  ()Meer  has  enrolled  and  sent  to  head-cparters  upwards  of  700  men,  many  of  whom  have  olunteered  into  the  line,  and  gone  to  the  Crimea.  Captain  Littletiala  has  met  with  similar  success,  the  enrolling  going  on  briskly.  It  is  expected  that  an  officer  from  the  line  will  visit  the  regiment  for  the  purpose  of  accepting  volunteers.  Upwards  of  200  of  the  men  have  signified  their  intention  of  joining  the  regular  army.  THE  LATE  BRIGADIER  WILLIAM  MAYNE.—We  regret  exceedingly  to  have  to  announce  the  death  of  Colonel  W.  Mayne,  of  the  Bengal  Army,  Aide-de-camp  to  the  Queen,  and  Brigadier  commanding  the  Hyderabad  Contingent,  which  unhappy  event  took  plane  at  Cairo  on  the  23rd  ult.,  on  his  way  to  England.  He  had  only.  returned  to  India  in  September  last.  He  was  seized  during  the  following  -.  , STYLE=superscript  th  with  the  illness  which  has  thus  terminated  so  has  cut  off  in  the  very  prime  of  life  )t  manhood,  one  of  the  most  promising  and  in  the  Indian  army.  —Miss  Mary  Herbert,  sister  of  the  1  - STYLE=superscript  ,  accompanied  her  brother  to  the  4,  in  the  vicinity  of  his  estate  in  , STYLE=superscript  ngaged  in  a  sharp  run,  Miss  Her 'Her-le,'  jumped  short,  and  fell  ident  happened  a  few  miles  ,e  lady  was  conveyed  to  the  distinguished  officers  gallant  Colonel  II  South  Wales  ing  a  st  hurdlc  )f  insensibility  to  learn  that  Miss  Herb  wed  home  (a  distance  o  has  since  bean  able  to  I  )out  14  miles),  AO  bones  Jaein  broken  to  be  one  of  the  finest  idy  rid  We  (d  hear  that  the  Rogers'  Diaries  are  not  so  nearly  ready  for  the  press  as  rumout  had  it.  Mr.  Moxon  —the  publisher.  but  not,  it  seems,  executor,  of  the  poet— poethas  has poethas  a  volume  of  Table  Talk  in  the  press,  taken  down  by  Mr.  Dyce.  This  volume  is  nearly  ready  for  the  public.  The  diaries  kept  by  Mr.  Rogers  himself,  some  of  the  choicest  morsels  in  which  are  reports  of  conversations  with  the  Iron  Duke,  are  at  the  disposal  of  the  poet's  relatives,  the  Messrs.  Sharpe.  Rogers,  it  is  said,  left  no  instructions  as  to  the  particular  disposal  of  his  papers.  Samuel  Phillips,  we  believe,  had  at  one  time  a  commission  from  the  - STYLE=superscript  poet  to  write  his  life;  but  the  young  critic  passed  away,  like  many  other  contemporaries,  before  the  aged  poet  was  gathered  to  his  fathers.  No  successor  to  the  task  was  ever  named  by  Rogers.  ESCAPE  OP  CONVICTS  FROM  DARTMOOR.—On  the  morn morning  ing morning  of  Thursday  week  a  convict  named  Stewart,  who  had  made  his  escape  from  the  priume  Town  Prisons,  broke  into  the  dwelling-louse  at  Horseyhill,  belonging  to  the  Rev.  Thomas  Xitson,  of  Shiphay.  After  that,  he  broke  inte  and  robbed  a  cottage  at  Spitchwick.  He  then  protieeded  to  Horseyhill,  got  into  the  barn  in  the  evening,  and  lay  there  until  the  next  morning,  when  he  broke  into  the  dwelling-house,  and  stole  about  in  cash,  coats,  hats,  and  other  articles,  the  chief  part  of  which  belonged  to  the  Rev.  M.  Morton,  who  is  living  at  Horseyhili..  The  inmates  were  aroused  by  tle  noise  he  made,  but  he  tied  before  they  were  enabled  to  get.  down  stairs.  He  left  hi  s  prison  dress,  marked  P  ,',  at  Hg,heyhill.  Another  prisoner,  named  William  Dixon,•escoped  trona  Dartmoor  on  Saturday  eve  last,  with  the  prison  dress  on.  It  is  reported  that  Stewart  has  been  captured  at  Ottery  St.  Mary,  where  he  offered  some  of  the  articles  for  sale.—  ..Dorset  County  Chronicle.  The  Paris  journal  Le  Pays  offers  the  following  obser.  vations  :—The  first  consequence  of  the  resolution,  of  the  Russian  Cabinet  will,  necessarily,  be  the  opening  ofoon ofoonferences,  ferences, ofoonferences,  with  the  object  of  regulating  the  definitive  application  of  the  principles  now  admitted  by  all  parties.  If  the  rAhesion  of  Russia  is  without  second  thoughts,  peace  will  speedily  be  established.  The  Biecle,  on  the  other  hand,  suggests  that  it  would  be  impru imprudent  dent imprudent  to  abandon  one's  self  to  a  confidence  w,hich  might  again  be  ill-inspired.  The  pacific  news  gave  a  considerable  impetus  to  b  us  i  ness  a  t  friavre,  and  import important  ant important  sales  were  effected  at  improved  quotations.  Cotton  advanced  as  much  as  2t.  It-  is  not  unlikely  that  the  proximate  session  of  parliament  will  find  the  House  of  Commons  divided  into  three  parties.  Those  who  see  sufficient  grounds,  for  an  immediate  cessation  of  hostilities;  those  who,  advo.  cate.the  further  prosecution  of  she  War,  not  thinking  the  terms  at  present  sufficient;  and  those  who  take  the  intermediate  course,  who  bold  themselves  open  to  the  voice  of  peace,  but  who  will  not  lay  down  their  arms  .  till  peace  is  s  e  cure  d  us  on  a  ifi  rm  binding  oblig  a  ti  on  .  I  t  now  remains  for  th  e  governmen  t  s  o  f  F  rance  and  England  to  be  firm  in  neg  oc  i  a  ti  on  ,  f  or  A  ustr  i  a  to  keek)  he;  engagements  honourably,  f  o  r  Ru  ss  i  ;  to  see  her  true  interests,  for  the  British  nation  warindyto  uphold  the  executive  government,  and  for  the  British  parliament  to  support  the  rithilitry  with  fi  rmness,  while  these  all  important  negociations  are  in  process  of  arrangement.  The  Zmes  points  out  to  Russia  and  other  powers  the  fallacy  of  supposing  that  the  readiness  of  the  English  i  nation  to  malc.!  peace  is  at  all  p  ropor  ti  one  d  t  o  it  s  lingness  to  m  a  k  e  war.  We  have,  it  says,  got  over  the  first  shock,  an  d  are  b  eginnin  to  make  our  element  of  which,  a  li  tt  l  e  while  ago,  we  retarded  with  th  e  horror  and  aversion.  There  is  a  strong  itch  repines  at  the  termination  of  hostilities  efore  we  have  the  opportunity  of  putting  forward  our  id  v  indicating'  .  in  a  new  field  and  ny  ,ur  pAc  We  me;  rs  for  the  very  sake  of  the  peace,  P  which  have,  as  it  appea's  to  t  Co  - STYLE=superscript  unt  Valentine  Esterhazi  3r  ,  of  publi  1  Count  'c  mind  er  slight,  to  kyril  NAouldie  renew  suit  in.  r  feeling,  whict  further  in  a  pacific  LATEST  INTELLIGENC  SECOND  EDITION  RELATIONS  WITH  PERSIA  Despatches  dated  Constantinople,  January  confirm  the  statement  with  respect  to  the  ri  of  diplomatic  relations,  between  this  country  Persia,  and  announce  that  the  rupture  is  n  complete.  The  Schah  has  declined  the  med  of  France,  immediately  upon  having  rece  intelligence  of  the  fall  of  Kars  The  British  Minister,  Mr.  Murray,  on  h  would  not  concede  any  concessions,  and  c  Teheran  on  the  Gth  inst.,  taking  with  him  entire  of  the  British  legation  TURKEY  IN  ASIA,  According  to  the  last  accounts  just  recei  Constantinople,  General  Mouravieff  had  dest  all  the  advanced  works  of  the  garrison  of  Kai  leaving  is  that  fortress  only,  as  it  is  asserted,  1000  men,  had  marched  with  the  main  body  (  army  towards  Gumri  At  Trebizond  there  were  assembled  about  5(  _  -  Turkish  anti  Egyptian  troops,  of  which  the  gr  portion  was  being  directed  upon  Erzeroui  case  of  an  attack,  These  troops,  it  is  stated,  suffered  every  sp  of  privation,  more  especially  from  the  state  of  the  roads,  which  were  buried  in  snow  The  Journal  de  Constantinople  states  that  in  the  ensuing  spring  a  corps  of  the  Allied  army,  under  Sir  Colin  Campbell,  will  operate  in  Georgia.  REPORTED  ARMISTICE  The  Paris  Patrie  says  that  the  signature  of  an  __.  .  ..  armistice  at  Vienna  is  imminent,  There  was  a  report  at  the  Bourse  that  despatehes  had  been  sent  on  Friday  to  Marshal  Pelissier,  ordering  him  to  suspend  hostilities  This  news  another  correspondent  disbelieves,  and  states,  on  the  contrary,  that  no  counter-orders  for  warlike  preparations,  or  even  the  embarkation  of  troops,  have  been  issued  from  the  Ministry  of  FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  FRIDAY  EVENING.  The  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  propositions  by  Russia,  being  a  fait  accompli,  the  ha  arisen,  in  political  circles,  whether  or  not  there,  will  be  an  armistice.  If  lam  correctly  informed,  xl  Council  of  Ministers  was  held  this  morning,  under  the  presidency  of  the  to  deliberate  on  it.  and  it  is  said  to  have  come  to  the  conclusion  that  one  may  be  granted  without  much  inconvenience,  especially  as  from  the  state  of  the  season,  it  exists  de  facto—provided  Russia  and  Austria  press  for  it,  and  England  offers  no  objection.  •  •  Anxious  deliberations  have  taken  place  amongst  political  personages,  as  to  whether  the  ancer  t  neem  of  the  Austrian  propositions  by  Russia  be  bona  frde  or  be  made  only  with  the  view  to  prevent  the!  Austria  ?  We  a  re  necessar  il  y  at  this  mome,ut.  threatened  rupt  ure  o  f  di  plomatic  r  elations  without  any  authentic  intelligence  on  the  sultjeOr  and  private  telegraphic  despatches  from  ViennP  and  Berlin  are  contradictory  on  the  point.  r  therefore  do  not  think  it  necessary  to  detail  cS  length  what  is  said,  but  the  general  opinion  that  Russia  will,  when  conferences  shall  take  planoe-.,  shuffle  out  of  her  acceptance  of  the  propositions,  rs,  she  did  last  year.  I  have  naturally  endeavoured  to  ascertain,  ;  71 STYLE=superscript  the  best  quarters,  what  is  the  real  opinion  of  tile,  French  Empe  ror  and  his  ministers  (or  rather  o'r  the  Emperor  alone,  for  the  ministers  always  thi='k  what  he  thinks),  on  the  great  question  of  the  moment.  In  presence  of  .the  extreme  reserve'  which  his  Majesty  almost  always  maintains—he  is  , STYLE=superscript  .  you  know,  one  of  the  closest  men  in  Europe—t  1  iS.  has  been  no  easy  matter.  But  an  eminent  per personage,  sonage, personage,  who  perhaps  knows  as  much  as  any  marl  of  the  real  'sentiments  of  the  Emperor,  said  to  me,-  assured  that  there  will  be  no  peace,  whatever  may  be  said  or  done.  •  Neither  Eng England,  land, England,  nor  France,  desires  it  at  heart,  and  they  added  to  the  Austrian  propositions  a  declaration  that  they  reserved  to  themselves  to  make  other  demands  the  interest  of  &amp;rope:expressly  to  have  a  pretext  for  continninc  , STYLE=superscript  the  war,  in  the  event  of  Russia  accepti  ng  t  h  e  Austrian  propositions..  I  ventured  to  remark,  I  see  by  a  despatelt  of  Co  - STYLE=superscript  tint  Buol,  the  Austrian  Minister  for  Foreig  n  •  Affairs,  addressed  to  the  Count  Eaterhazy,  just  before  he  set  out  for  St..  Petersburg,  which  despatch  has  reached  Paris  this  very  morning,  that  any  extra  conditions  imposed  by  the  Allies  would  net  be  very  wa  s  the  answer,  believe  wh  a  t  I  tell  I  further  observed,  th  e  governmental  tribe  of  writers  and  functionaries  go  about  everywhere  prating  abou,t,  conclusion  of  peace:  A  t  htet  this  o  r  b  e  a  m  b  i  a  l  r  i  t  k  y  m  o  y  f  anin  interlocutor  slightly  elevate  4  his  eyebrows,  and  gave  a  shrug  of  the  shoulders-  - STYLE=superscript  and-  I  took  my  leave.  Negociations  will  be  the  necessary  consequence  of  the  acceptance  by  Russia  of  the  Austrian'  propositions.  If  my  information  be  correct  it  will,  probably,  be  at  .  Paris  that  they  will  he  held.  The  Emperor  of  the  French  is  very'  anxious  indeed  that  they  should  take  place  1-  the  English  Cabinet  would  prefer  to  have  held  here  :‘  and  b  o  th,  at  all  events.  are  indict  to  allow.them  to  b  e  h  e  ld  again  at  Vienna.  All  the'  telegraphic  despatches  received  to  from  Lo_nthan,  Vienna,  Dresden,  &amp;e.,  merely  firm  the  great  news  of  yesterday;  but  one  Berlin  says,  that  Russia,  whilst  accepting  the  positions  in  principle  and  detail  to  self  to  come  to  an  understanding  with  the  Powers  on  the  modiAcations  to  be  made  in  tl  If.  however,  such  a  reserve  had  been  made  official  despatch  would  have  mentioned  it.  The  Paris  papers  of  this  morning  say  very  about  the  great  news  of  yesterday.  The  Journal  des  Debats  as  was  to  be  expe  seeing  that  it  represents  a  party  which,  from  1  lity  to  the  Emperor's  government,  desires  pe  may  almost  say  tout  prix,  is  i  n  enthusiasm  We  have  arri  pO  'e STYLE=superscript  int  at  which  they  it  says,  the  preliminaries  of  peace.  eh STYLE=superscript  ar  a STYLE=superscript  r  ap STYLE=superscript  i  c'ePfd  itself  ,,  a STYLE=superscript  N  n STYLE=superscript  ve  cfaonrof  immenser STYLE=superscript  t  o STYLE=superscript  l  m STYLE=superscript  i  el  step  ;t STYLE=superscript  p  he STYLE=superscript  thinking  that  the  pre  naries  of  peace  must  nocessatily  lead  to  r  The  Siecle,  on  ttlp  contrary,  earnestly  warn  readers  not  to,  display  too  much  confident  peace,  and  declares  that  for  its  it  is  inc:  ions.  It  reminds  its  readers  that  about  a  yen  Russia  also  accepted  propositions,  and  that  acceptance  led  also  to  the  greatest  confidence  I  ed  in  the  re-establishment  of  peace:  Arks  of  the  other  papers  are  not  important  There  was  art  immense  crowd  at  the  Bout%  day,  and  agoras  de  change  were  literally  overwhe  with  telegraphic  despatches  from  the  provi  countermanding  orders  to  sell  and  giving  ordc  buy.  The  Threes  left  off  at  an  advance  of  6  cash.  and  'Mc  for  account,  and  the  Credit  Mo  shares  at  45fr  and  s•7fr  50c.  In  most  other  secu  there  was  an  advance  likewise.  We  learn  from  St.  Petersburg  that  Prince  C  chakoff.  has  been  removed  from  the  Ru  army  in  the  Crimea,  and  replaced  by  0-e  Luger*.  manifest  -day,  Tiro'  D  her  THE  PEACE  PROPOSITIONS.  A.  letter,  dated  Paris,  Friday  night,  publishes  th STYLE=superscript  e  following  commentary  on  the  present  position  o STYLE=superscript  f  European  affairs  .  The  writer  says  the  news  of  the  acceptance  by  Rdssia  of  the  Austrian  propo propositions  sitions propositions  certainly  justifies  the  satisfaction,  the  enthusiasm  with  which  it  was  received,  and  which  Still  continues;  and  it  may  be  considered  ungra ungracious  cious ungracious STYLE=superscript  to  say  anything  which  would  diminish  so  Pleasing  an  effect.  We  must  not,  however,  forget,  in  the  exultation  of  the  moment,  that  we  have  to  deal  with  a  Power  whose  perfidy  is  on  a  par  with  her  ability.  This  great  culprit  must  be  watched  with  incessant  and  untiring  vigilance.  The  modification  to  the  propositions  will  doubtless  be  considered  as  superseded,  by  the  pure  and  simple  acceptance  of  Russia,  but  it  is  not  impro  bable  that  she  will  do  her  best  to  obtain  these,  or  similar,  modifications  during  the  conferences.  Th  despatch  informs  us  that  Russia  accepts  O.-  p  os STYLE=superscript  itions  as  re  li  m  i  naries  of  peace.  ing  preliminaries  a  difference  of  opinion  may  arise  Which  could  not  in  the  propositions  themselves  In  one  of  the  modifications  of  Russia,  or  as  they  have  been  termed,  counter  propositions,  respecting  the  engagement  not  to  create  nor  maintain  military  arsenals,  &amp;c.,  she  on  the  banks  or  coasts  of  the  Black  It  may  become  a  matter  for  dis discussion  cussion discussion  whether  Nicholaieff,  where  her  naval  docks  are,  Should  be  considered  as  on  the  coast  of  the  13l STYLE=superscript  ack  Sea.  This  will  perhaps  be  considered  too  critic STYLE=superscript  al,  and  would  be  so  if  we  had  any  other  power  to  d  eal  with  than  Russia;  but  it  ought  not  to  be  -or STYLE=superscript  g  et STYLE=superscript  ten  that  Russia  also  accepted,  without  reserve,  this  ti  me  t  we  l  vemont  h,  th  e  four  guaran guarantees  tees guarantees  proposed  by  the  Powers,  and  then  flung  them  back  our  faces  at  the  C  on  f  erences  o  f  Vi  enna  .  On  the  other  hand,  it  is  but  right  to  say  that  mat matters  ters matters  have  changed  much  with  us,  as  with  Russia,  since  the  Vienna  Conference  ;  and  that,  under  ordinary  circumstances,  we  are  justified  in  con considering  sidering considering  that  the  definitive  conclusion  of  peace  is  not  far  distant.  In  the  first  months  of  1855  Cen Central  tral Central  Europe  was  in  a  state  of  hesitation,  and  was  rather  hostile,  than  friendly,  to  the  policy  of  the  Western  Powers.  At  the  present  moment  Russia  finds  it,  if  not  entirely  arrayed  against  her,  at  least  seriously  divided,  and  perhaps  ready  to  declare  its  refusal  to  persist  in  a  degrading  neutrality.  The  attitude  recently  assumed  by  Austria,  I  still  believe  to  have  done  much,  and  I  am  this  day  again  assured  that  Austria  has  given  assurances  that  she  would  be  with  us  in  the  field,  and  will  be,  in  case  of  necessity.  It  has  been  stated  that  the  Vienna  Cabinet  expressed  her  in intention  tention intention  on  account  of  the  mild  and  conciliatory  tone  of  the  reply  of  Count  Nesselrode,  not  to  with withdraw  draw withdraw  her  ambassador  from  St.  Petersburg  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  non-acceptance  of  the  propositions;  but  it  is,  on  the  other  hand,  affirmed  that  M.  de  Buol  declared  positively  to  Prince  Gortschakoff  that  he  need  not  take  the  trouble  even  of  transmit transmitting  ting transmitting  the  propositions  Of  the  Czar,  for  that  on  the  18th  the  whole  of  the  Austrian  Legation  had  orders  to  quit  the  Russian  capital.  It  was  on  the  receipt  of  this  announcement,  that  the  Russian  Govern  meat  found  that  nothing  less  than  an  unconditional  acceptance  would  be  received  by  Austria,  that  M.  de  n  -selrode  resolved,  without  awaiting  the  expiration  of  the  period  granted  him,  to  adhere,  at  once  purely  and  simply,  to  the  conditions  of  the  ulti ultimatum.  matum. ultimatum.  It  remains  to  be  seen  whether  Russia  will  -I,trritthe-details  as  unconditionally  as  she  has  done  the  principle.  It  is  undeniable,  then,  that  the  situa situation  tion situation  of  parties  respectively  has  undergone  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  change  since  last  year.  But  while  it  is  '  ce STYLE=superscript  rtain  that  the  chances  of  a  complete  understand understanding  ing understanding  are  greater  than  before,  it  would  still  be  foolish  to  give  way  to  an  inconsiderate  enthusiasm,  and  to  consider  pea  ce  as  in  fact  re-established  '  from  the  day  Russia  announces  her  acceptance.  We  mus'  still  be  on  the  watch  ;  and  until  the  treaty  of  peac  is  actually  Signed,  sealed,  and  delivered,  we  should  In  CIISCUSS-  mot  relax  in  our,  preparations  for  all  contingencies  COUNT  ESTERIIAZTS  INSTRUCTIONS  Ze  Nord  publishes  the  text  of  Count  Buol's  despatch  to  Count  Valentine  Esterhazy,  serving  as  Lis  instructions  when  conveying  the  Austrian  pro propositions  positions propositions  to  St.  Petersburg.  Th  e  f  o  ll  ow  i  ng  i  s  the  tote  VIENNA,  Dec.  16,  1855.  The  words  which  your  Excellency  has  had  the  honour  of  hearing  from  the  Emperor's  own  lips,  must  have  again  confirmed  to  you  the  intentions  that  have  invariably  guided  the  policy  of  his  Majesty  during  the  different  phases  of  the  contest  tow  weighing  so  heavily  on  Europe.  Unswervingly  constant  to  these  same  principles,  the  Emperor  vould  have  deemed  himself  unmindful  of  what  is  due  to  his  own  people,  and  the  nations  of  Europe,  had  he  allowed  the  present  moment  to  escape,  when  a  superior  power  imposes  a  virtual  truce  upon  the  combatants,  without  making  one  last  effort  to  Open  new  paths  towards  that  peace  which  is  evi evidently  dently evidently  a  most  urgent  necessity  for  Europe.  Convinced,  on  the  one  hand,  of  the  sincerity  of  the  declarations  so  repeatedly  made  by  the  Em  peror  Alexander,  that  he  was  willing  to  assist  in  arriving  at  any  peace  not  repugnant  to  his  own  dignity  and  the  honour  of  his  country,  his  Imperial  Majesty  has  felt  himself  called  upon  to  employ  his  beat  efforts,  in.  order  to  ascertain  what  degree  of  r STYLE=superscript  eciprocity  might  await  those  inclinations  at  the  Courts  of  France  and  Great  Britain.  His  Majesty  designed,  in  consequence,  to  entrust  to  me  the  duty  of  sounding  the  cabinets  of  Paris  and  London  .on  this  subject.  But  while  we  found  them  most  'firmly  resolved  not  to  initiate  any  pacific  overtures,  we,  nevertheless,  have,  to  our  great  satisfaction,  found  in  those  Cabinets  a  disposition,  such  as  to  inspire  us  with  the  hope  that  they  will  not  refuse  to  examine,  and  accept,  conditions  of  a  nature  to  present  all  the  guarantees  requisite  for  a  serious  and  lastin  peace,  and  t  o  adjust  satisfactorily  the  g  ..v.„  l  -  cave  rise  to  the  war."
