text
"MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY  EVE  NING,  There  has  been  but  a  small  business  done  in  Cotton  to  day,  and  prices  must  be  quoted  hd.  per  pound.  lower  than  on  Friday.  The.  supplies  con continue  tinue continue  in  excess  of  the  demand.  The  sales  reach  6000  bales,  and  include  1000  for  speculation  and  export.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  opened  with  a  dull  and  drooping  appearance,  and  after  a  day  of  com complete  plete complete  inactivity,  the  market  suddenly  gave  way,  with  Consols,  at  the  close,  leaving  off  at  the  worst  :  -  Aberdeen,  11  111.  Chester  and  Birkenhead,  13*  131.  Caledonian,  261  27.  Ches.  ter  and  Holyhead,  111  Eastern  Counties,  8  9-16  Ba.  East  Lancashire,  17  5-16  17  7-16.  Great  Northern,  22  221.  Ditto  A,  9*  91.  Great  Western,  511  52.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  76*  761.  Liverpool,  Crosby.  and  Southport,  134-  14.  Lon London  don London  and  North  Western  Stock,  934  931.  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  23*  23*.  Ditto  Prefer Preference,  ence, Preference,  13*  131.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  7-16  „Ip•  Midland  Stock,  63  631.  North  British,  7  78•  North  Staffordshire,  81  81d.  South  Eastern  , STYLE=superscript  16  15-16  17.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  161-  161.  York  and  North  Midland,  22*  221  Dutch  Rhenish  , STYLE=superscript  Id.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  241  241  •  Ditto  New/  Shares,  28  2',  1 STYLE=superscript  ,p.  Great  Luxembour  101  10  d.  The  London  Stock  Market  continues  to  fall  A  further  reduction  of  2  to  1  per  cent  has  been  established  to-day,  in  addition  to  the  fall  of  about  12  per  cent  recorded  last  week.  The  closing  prices  were  8O  to  861.  Government  continues  to  supply  stock  upon  a  market  already  weakened  by  an  out outstanding  standing outstanding  speculation  for  higher  prices.  At  the  same  time,  no  new  fact  is  adduced  confirmatory  of  the  hopes  of  peace,  upon  which  this  speculation  was  formerly  founded.  Meanwhile,  we  are  approaching  the  period  when  the  governments  of  England  and  France  are  expected  to  appear  again  as  large  borrowers.  On  the  other  hand,  a  favourable  influence  may  be  exercised  by  the  dividend  payments,  which  will  commence  on  Wed Wednesday  nesday Wednesday  next.  In  the  discount  market  to-clay  there  was  a  better  supply  of  money,  but  the  late  rates  are  maintained.  At  Paris  to-day,  the  French  funds  experienced  a  further  fall  soon  after  the  com commencement  mencement commencement  of  business,  but  a  rally  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  took  place,  and  the  closing  quotations  of  the  three  per  cents  were  I  t  to  per  cent  above  those  of  Saturday.  The  Railway  Share  market  was  prejudiced  to-day  by  the  con continued  tinued continued  fall  of  Consols-The  following  were  the  closing  quotations  :-Caledonian,  531  54.  East Eastern  ern Eastern  Counties,  85-16  89  16.  East  Lancashire,  691  701.  Great  Northern,  871  88.  Ditto  A,  721  731.  Great  Western,  52*  53.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  768  761  Leeds  Northern,  12a.  London  and  North  Western,  93  931.  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  23/  231  Midland  Stock,  638  63*.  North  British,  28.2  291.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  56*  56.1.  York,  Newcastle  and  Berwick,  662  67*.  York  and  North  Midland,  442  45.  The  committee  of  Mexican  bondholders  have  advices  from  Mr.  Whitehead,  dated  Mexico,  the  3rd  ult.  The  political  state  of  the  country  still  leaves  a  good  deal  to  be  desired.  The  rumour  that  Mata Matamoros  moros Matamoros  had  been  taken  by  Carbajal  is  probably  un unfounded,  founded, unfounded,  bnt  Tampico,  where  General  Traconis  corn.  mands,  was  besieged  by  General  Garza,  although  both  profess  obedience  to  the  Central  Government.  For  want  of  hard  dollars  the  agents  of  the  bond bondholders  holders bondholders  there  were  consequently  unable  to  remit  about  9,000  dols  ,  which  they  had  in  hand.  The  Tyne,  however,  brings  60,000  dols.  from  Vera  Cruz  for  the  dividend,  and  the  committee  have  advices  of  the  shipment  of  971  dols  from  Guaymas,  and  of  8002  dols  from  Mazatlan  by  her  Majesty's  ship  Brisk.  In  reference  to  the  debt  of  Ecuador,  we  have  received  the  following  communication  :—The  com commission  mission commission  of  agency  have  this  day  received  a  further  remittance,  on  account  of  the  dividend  fund,  in  bills  for  43501.,  making  the  total  amount  received  to  this  date  83171.  14s.  Accounts  from  Lisbon  state  that  the  financial  condition  of  Portugal  was  improving  considerably,  and  the  quotation  of  the  public  funds  on  the  Bourse  were  at  no  period  of  the  past  year  higher  than  they  were  at  its  close.  The  policy  of  the  young  King  and  his  advisers  tends  to  open  up  new  resources  in  the  country,  and  to  improve  those  which  have  for  some  years  back  been  declining.  In  this  respect  there  is  great  importance  placed  on  the  value  of  railway  communication,  especially  as  tending  to  an  international  trade  with  Spain.  It  is  stated  that  an  English  company  have  engaged  to  con construct  struct construct  in  a  very  short  time  a  railway  from  Lisbon  to  the  Spanish  frontier,  which  will  unite  with  the  great  trunk  line  now  in  the  course  of  construction  to  Madrid.  ST.  ANNE'S  DISP  ENSARY  AND  EYE  AND  EAR  INSTITUTION,  9,  ROSE-HILL.—New  patienis  entered  on  the  books  last  week,  viz.,  Jan.,  5,  1356—Relieved  at  the  institution,  163  ;  relieved  at  their  own  dwellings,  70  ;  total,  233.  Visitors,  R.  P.  Manger,  and  G.  Garratt,  &amp;qrs.  Hon,  secretary  and  treasurer,  Joseph  Kitchen,  Esq.  GLASS  BREAKING.—Mary  Higginson  was  brought  before  Mr.  Mansfield  yesterday,  charged  with  breaking  25s  worth  of  glass,  in  the  house  of  Richard  Roys,  May's-place.  The  defendant  said  she  had  a  claim  on  the  complainant  ;  but  his  worship  told  her  she  must  seek  to  recover  it  by  other  means  than  breaking  his  windows.  She  was  fined  the  amount  of  the  damage  done,  or  one  month's  imprisonment.  LIVERPOOL  BANKRUPTCY  COURT.—YESTERDAY.—  BEFORE  MR.  COMMISSIONER  PERRY.—IN  RE  JOHN  OGDEN.  —The  bankrupt,  who  carried  on  the  business  of  a  tailor  and  outfitter,  in  Richmond  —row,  applied  this  day  for  his  certificate.  He  was  unsupported.  Mr.  Dodge  appeared  for  the  assignees,  and  called  on  the  court  to  grant  only  a  certificate  of  the  lowest  class.  His  honor  granted  a  certifi certificate  cate certificate  of  the  third  class.  GOMPERTZ'S  PANORAMA.  The  continued  attraction  M.  Gompertz's  colossal  panorama,  illustrative  of  the  War  with  Russia,  continues  undiminished,  and  the  just  encomiums  we  some  few  days  ago  pronounced  upon  the  series  of  pictures  have  been  echoed  by  the  thousands  who  have  thronged  the  Queen's  Hall,  Bold-street,  since  the  exhibition  opened.  As  works  of  art  the  various  tableaux  are  not  to  :be  surpassed,  and  as  records  of  the  spirit spiritstirring  stirring spiritstirring  times  in  which  we  live,  are  replete  with  interest.  We  cannot  too  strongly  recommend  a  visit  to  this  pleasing  and  instructive  lounge.  SUNDAY  SCHOOL  AND  LITERARY  INSTITUTE.—We  perceive  that  this  evening  a  lecture  will  be  delivered  in  the  Concert-hall,  by  the  Rev.  T.  Baldwin  Brown,  of  London,  on  a  most  important  subject,  viz.,  John  Howard,  Philan Philanthropy,  thropy, Philanthropy,  and  the  Criminal  The  lectures  which  have  been  already  delivered,  of  the  course  in  connection  with  the  Institute,  have  been  numerously  attended,  and  we  doubt  not  the  known  talent  and  fame  of  the  lecturer,  with  the  importance  of  the  subject,  will  draw  together  a  large  audience.  Our  member,  T.  B.  Horsfall,  Esq.,  is  to  take  the  chair.  ACCIDENT  AT  MARPLE  HALL.—We  are  concerned  to  state  that  a  serious  accident  happened  at  Marple  Hall,  Cheshire,  on  Wednesday.  Master  Arthur  Isherwood,  accompanied  by  his  cousin,  Master  Bellairs,  neither  of  whom  is  above  thirteen  years  of  age,  were  shooting  in  the  park.  While  :Master  Isherwood  was  in  the  act  of  re recharging  charging recharging  the  gun  with  powder,  the  flask  exploded,  by  which  Master  Bellairs  received  a  dangerous  compound  fracture  of  the  skull,  and  Master  Isherwood  a  severe  injury  of  the  right  hand.  We  are  happy  to  learn  that  both  young  gentlemen  are  going  on  as  favourably  as  can  be  expected.—Stockport  Advertiser.  MYSTERIOUS  CASE.—About  tea  o'clock  on  Saturday  morning  last,  a  respectably  dressed  man,  name  unknown,  was  found  dead  in  a  field,  about  200  yards  from  Moor-lane,  in  Walton-on-the-Hill.  There  is  no  footpath  in  the  field,  where  the  body  of  the  deceased  was  found  ;  and  it  is  sup supposed  posed supposed  that  he  went  there  to  lie  down,  and  there  died.  The  countenance  was  as  placid  as  if  the  unhappy  man  was  asleep.  From  the  appearances,  the  deceased  is  about  fifty  years  of  age  •  five  feet  six  high,  stout  built;  round  full  face,  brown  hair  going  bald  ;  small  whiskers,  rater  sandy.  The  body  was  dressed  in  a  pilot  cloth  coat;  brown  cloth  trousers,  fly  front  ;  vest,  same  sort,  with  about  an  inch  of  a  striped  pattern  up  the  right  side  ;  black  necktie  '  •  blue  knitted  woollen  soc  k  s;  w  hi  te  ca  li  co  s  hirt,  with  lin  en  front;  clarence  boots,  recently  soled  ;  and  black  hat,  maker,  Bowden,  Whitechapel,  Liverpool.  The  body  was  removed  to  the  Brown  Cow  public  house,  Walton,  to  wait  an  inquest.  On  the  person  of  the  deceased  was  found  a  red  pocket  handkerchief,  a  bunch  of  five  keys,  and  a  snuffbox,  but  nothing  to  lead  to  his  identity.  There  was  not  the  slightest  mark  of  violence  upon  the  body;  CHAMBER  OF  COMMERCE.  — STYLE=superscript  The  monthly  meeting  of  the  council  was  held  yesterday.  The  President  announced  that  two  vacancies  had  occurred  at  the  board.  One  by  the  decease  of  Mr.  A.  W.  Fowles,  and  the  other  by  the  resignation  of  Mr.  Cross.  To  supply  these  vacancies  Mr.  Joshua  Dixon  and  Mr.  Thomas  Sellar  were  unanimously  elected.  The  proceedings  of  the  committee  on  the  Monte  Videan  loan  011815  were  road  and  adopted.  They  com comprised  prised comprised  a  recommendation  that  a  further  letter  should  be  sent  to  the  Foreign-office,  in  reply  to  the  proposal  sub submitted  mitted submitted  for  the  settlement  of  the  claims  under  that  loan.  A  letter  was  read  from  the  Earl  of  Clarendon,  stating  that  the  subject  of  abolishing  the  Danish  sound  dues  was  occupying  the  attention  of  the  government  1  •  also,  one  from  the  Stea  m  -  s  hi  p  Association,  appointing  Mr.  Robert  Lamont  the  deputy  to  the  council  for  the  current  year.  It  was  referred  to  the  committee  on  communications  to  make  the  necessary  arrangements  for  the  annual  general  meeting  at  the  commencement  of  next  mouth."
