text
"tde  for  a  scale  of  charges  for  y,  to  allow  of  tradesmen  and  •egularly  very  low  when  paid  qu4te  , STYLE=superscript  fy,  in  lOs  for  13  insertion!.  13s  for  PI  16s  for  9  and  10  „  ......  2.2  s  for  aiid  12  •  .....  ;  258  for  99  Published  by  Dob  s  o  n  an  d  Son.  Preston  THE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  ,  and  Advertiser  for  the  Principalities.  Published  at  Bangor;  every  FRIDAY  EVENING  In  time  for  the  early  posts  and  extensivelycirculated  every  SATURDAY  MORNING,  through..  hut  the  Six  Northern  Counties,  in  Cardiganshire,  and  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  best  medium  for  the  Publication  of  Advertisements,  being  read  by  all  parties,  on  account  of  the  spirited.  and  independent  tone  of  its  Leading  Articles,  the  extent  ana  accu accuracy  racy accuracy  of  its  Local  Reports,  and  the  variety  and  comprehensiveness  of  its  Foreign  and  Domestic  Intelligence,  its  Original  Correspondence,  its  reliable  accounts  ot  the  Corn  and  Cattle  Markets,  and  other  infor information  mation information  suitable  to  the  great  interests  of  the  Country  ;  andcireulating  chiefly  amongst  the  classes  who  have  property  to  dispose  of  and  ability  to  purchase.  -  •  Offensive  Medical  Advertisements  are  excluded  from  Its  column..  The  charges  for  prepaid  Advertisements  are—two  lines  Is.  ;  Ores  lines,  is.  6d.•  six  lines,  2.9.;  nine  lin  es  ,  2  s  .  6d  .  ;  twe  l  ve  lines,  :1;,;  fifteen  lines,  is.  6d.  ;  eighteen  lines,  45.;  twenty-one  lines,  4s.  6d.;  and  6d.  for  every  two  tines  additional.  The  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  was  established  in  the  year  1826,  and  is  therefore  the  oldest  paper  in  the  district,  and  bas  been  very  greatly  enlarged  and  improved.  The  price  Of  the  JORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE,  unstarnped,  to  be  had  at  the  orfc.l.  Bangor  only,  is  aid.  ;  stamped,  to  be  had  of  the  agents  in  the  various  towns,  or  directed  to  any  place,  4id.  r.er  copy;  nineteen  shillings  and  sixpence  per  annum,  in  advance;  twenty-one  shillings  per  annum  on  credit.  The  NORTH  Nt'AI,ES  CHRONICLE  is  duly  registered  at  the  Post-office  for  all  postal  privileges.  Ordersand  Advertisenient;  a7erespeett  ully  solicited  by  AUGUST  US  BOBER  l'  MARTIN,  Proprietor,  To  whom  all  Bank  and  Pos,offiee  or  era  s!  ould  t  e  made  payable,  T  HE  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  is  now  reduced  in  price  (though  not  in  size),  to  TWOPENCE,  UNSTAMPED;  THREEPENCE,  STAMPED  The  DAILY  MAIL  contains  all  the  News  of  the  day,  condensed  and:selected  from  the  principal  newspapers,  as  well  as  correspondence  from  the  various  districts  of  the  To  Meal  News  of  every  kind  a  large  space  is  1  it  contains  exclusively  the  Latest.  Intelli Intelligence  gence Intelligence  from  all  parts  of  the  Continent  received  by  Submarine  Telegraph,  generally  a  day  in  advance  of  other  papers  has  been  for  some  years  the  leading  and  most  influentia  -4 STYLE=superscript  '  Scotland,  and  has  at  present  a  Tr Tr&#34;'+e  &#34;'+e Tr&#34;'+e  of  the  London  Morning  from  the  re rew  w rew  exists  for  such  Advv...  to  the  wealthy  and  influential  wide-spread,  pOpUlOtUr  ound  and  dependent  upon  the  devoted  ;  and  in  the  VI  culation  greatert  Journals  ;  bt  duction  in  Dr  bereas  tisements  as  ar  classes  ot  G  nd  if  manufacturin.  western  Capit  To  ally  mboat  f  ex.  tend,  arrangements  will  be  made  to  send  the  DAILY  MAIL  in  parcels,  Unstamped  ;  but  if  the  post-office  is  used  for  transmission,  the  Papers  must  be  stamped,  which  will,  however,  entitle  them  to  retransmission  as  often  as  desired  for  a  limited  period  after  Publication.  The  price  of  the  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  will  be—  Unstamped"
