text
"PROFESSOR  MAURICE.  The  following  letter  has  been  addressed  by  Mr.  Maurice  to  the  Council  of  King's  College,  and  was  laid  before  them  at  their  meeting  on  Saturday  :  THE  COUNCIL  OF  KING'S  COLLEGE.  21,  Queen-square,  Bloomsbury,  Nov.  7,  1853.  Lords  and  Gentlemen—l  have  received  from  the  secretary  of  King's  College,  a  copy  of  certain  resolutions  respecting  me,  which  were  adopted  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  council.  ordinary  circumstances,  it  would  be  my  duty  at  once  to  resign  offices  which  the  legislative  body  of  the  col college  lege college  has  declared  that  I  cannot  hold  without  serious  detriment  to  its  usefulness.  But  the  council  is  aware,  and  the  public  is  now  also  aware,  that  certain  definite  charges  have  been  brought  against  me  by  the  Principal,  upon  the  strength  of  which  he  asked  that  I  should  be  excluded  from  my  professorship.  These  •  charges  amounted  to  a  declaration  that  I  had  departed  from  the  orthodox  faith.  He  alleged,  as  his  reasons  for  this  grave  charge,  that  I  did  not  accept  a  meaning  of  the  word  eternal'  which  he  con considered  sidered considered  to  be  the  only  right  one,  and  that  I  refused  to  dra  w  certain  consequences  from  that  meaning,  or  to  pronounce  an  opinion  upon  a  subject  on  which  the  Articles  of  the  Church  of  England  have  not  pronounced  one.  The  decision  of  the  council,  as  it  avowedly  takes  cog cognisance  nisance cognisance  of  the  opinions  which  I  expressed  on  this  subject  in  my  '  Theological  Essays'  and  in  my  6orrespondence  with  the  Principal,  can  be  understood  to  amount  to  nothing  less  than  a  condemnation  of  me  upon  the  grounds  which  are  ex expressed  pressed expressed  in  the  Principal's  letter.  The  Council  must  be  deemed  to  have  accepted  the  propositions  in  that  letter,  and  to  require  that  all  its  professors  should  accept  them  likewise.  The  Principal  evidently  shares  in  this  opinion.  When  I  wrote  to  inquire  whether  my  lectures  were  to  be  continued  till  my  successors  were  appointed,  he  answered  that  I  had  better  discontinue  them  froth  the  day  on  which  the  resolu resolutions  tions resolutions  of  the  council  were  passed.  He  pronounced  this  de decision  cision decision  though  he  had  officially  commanded  me  to  be  present  at  the  opening  of  the  term,  and  to  commence  my  usual  courses,  retracting  an  unofficial  letter  in  which  he  had  re recommended  commended recommended  me  to  ask  for  leave  of  absence.  I  submit  that  a  person  ordinarily  so  courteous  to  the  professors  of  the  col college,  lege, college,  and  so  tender  of  the  interests  of  the  students,  would  not  have  thus  summarily  suspended  a  teacher  whom,  with  a  full  knowledge  of  his  opinions,  he  had  invited  tu  be  a  lecturer  in  the  theological  department,  and  who  had  served  the  college  in  the  other  department  for  13  years—that  he  would  not  have  interrupted  the  studies  of  the  term,  and  forced  me  to  break  an  implicit  engagement  with  those  who  are  taking  part  in  them—if  lie  had  not  believed  that  he  was  executing  an  ecclesiastical  sentence  upon  a  convicted  heretic.  cannot,  my  lords  and  gentlemen,  believe  that,  great  as  are  the  privileges  which  the  right  reverend  bench  has  con conceded  ceded conceded  to  the  Principal  of  King's  College,  their  lordships  the  bishops  ever  intended  to  give  him  an  authority  superior  to  their  own  superior  to  that  of  the  Articles  by  which  they  are  bound  -  I  cannot  think  that  they  wished  to  constitute  him  and  the  council  arbitors  of  the  theology  of  the  English  Church.  Such  a  claim  would  be  as  alarming  I  apprehend,  to  the  public  as  to  our  ecclesiastical  rulers.  If  some  parents  have  been  suspicious  of  the  influence  which  I  might  exercise  over  their  sons,  I  believe  that  there  are  few  parents  in  Eng England  land England  who  will  not  complain  that  the  college  has  departed  from  its  original  principle,  when  it  gives  such  a  scope  to  the  private  judgment  of  its  chief  officer,  or  even  to  the  judg judgment  ment judgment  of  the  body  which  manages  its  affairs.  I  think  it  due,  then,  to  my  own  character  as  a  clergy clergyman,  man, clergyman,  to  the  interests  of  the  college,  and  to  the  liberties  of  the  English  Church,  that  I  should  call  upon  the  Council,  if  they  pronounce  a  theological  sentence  upon  me  at  all,  to  de declare  clare declare  what  Article  of  our  faith  condemns  my  teaching.  I  conjure  them  not  to  use  any  phrases  in  condemning  me  which  they  would  reject  as  loose  and  vague  if  the  property  or  the  life  of  a  fellow-citizen  were  in  question.  Whether  I  have  unsettled  the  faith  of  my  pupils,  by  giving  an  interpre interpretation  tation interpretation  of  the  word  eternal'  which  I  had  maintained  to  be  true  (and  especially  .  important  for  students  in  divinity)  be before  fore before  I  was  asked  to  join  the  theological  department,  the  after  lives  of  those  pupils  must  determine.  But  if  I  have  violated  any  law  of  the  Church,  that  law  can  be  at  once  pointed  out  —the  nature  of  the  transgression  can  be  defined,  without  any  reference  to  possible  tendencies  and  results.  It  is  this  justice,  and  not  any  personal  favour,  my  lords  and  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  which  I  now  request  at  your  hands.—l  have  the  honor  to  be,  my  lords  and  gentlemen,  your  obedient  servant,  P.  D.  P.S.  —I  have  requested  the  secretary  to  lay  before  the  Council  some  copies  of  my  letter  to  the  Principal,  to  which  I  have  added  some  notes.  I  would  respectfully  call  the  attention  of  the  council  to  note  B,  page  31,  of  the  pam 'pamphlet.'  After  reading  this  letter,  the  council  decided  that  they  did  not  think  it  necessary  to  enter  further  into  the  subject;  and  declared  the  two  chairs  held  by  Mr.  Maurice  in  the  college  to  be  vacant.  IRELAND.  (PROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  MONDAY  EVENING.  MIGRATION.—Over  three  thousand  emigrants  left  Cork  during  the  last  month.  This  number  may  seem  large,  but  there  is  no  doubt  that  the  total  amount  of  those  who  are  now  leaving  Ireland  shows  a  decrease  with  for  Mer  years.  FIRE.—A  serious  conflagration  broke  out  yester yesterday  day yesterday  Dominick-street,  and  was  with  difficulty  pre prevented,  vented, prevented,  from  spreading.  As  it  was,  one  house  was  completely  destroyed,  another  injured,  and  the  in inmates  mates inmates  of  both  only  escaped  narrowly.  KELLY  V.  Buteu.—The  hearing  of,  this  case  which  is  going  .  on  in  the  ,Court  of  Chancery,  haS  been  al allowed  lowed allowed  to  stand  over  for  a  week.  IMPORTANT  SHIPPING  CASE.—The  argument  in  the  case  of  Rodoconachi  v.  Sodorholm,  is  at  present  going  on  in  the  Court  of  Common  Pleas,  and  ex excites  cites excites  considerable  interest  amongst  mercantile  parties.  The  facts  are,  that  in  the  month  of  August  last,  the  defendant,  who  was  the  captain  of  a  ship  which  sailed  from  Burgos,  bound  to  Falmouth  and  Cork,  with  a  cargo  of  wheat;  that  he  put  into  Constantinople,  where  he  was  obliged  to  make  some  repairs  on  his  ship  ;  and  in  order  to  enable  him  to  pay  the  expense  of  this  he  sold  a  portion  of  his  cargo,  a  moiety  of  the  proceeds  of  which  went  towards  the  repairs  of  the  vessel,  and  the  re remainder  mainder remainder  to  himself.  .  This  was  done  under  an  ad adjudication  judication adjudication  of  the  Swedish  Consul.  On  the  arrival  of  the  defendant  in  this  country,  he  was  arrested  at  the  suit  of  the  plaintiffs,  the  owners  of  the  cargo,  for  the  value  of  the  portion  sold,  and  lodged  in  gaol  under  the  'judge's  fiat.  The  present  motion  was  to  get  the  plaintiff  out  of  custody,  and  Mr  Macdonogh,  Q.  C.,  his  counsel,  dwelt  at  great  length  on  the  subject—the  chief  question  in  dispute  being,  whether  Courts  of  Jus Justice  tice Justice  in  this  country  should  be  bound  by  the  deci decisions  sions decisions  of  foreign.  tribunals  in  the  regulation  of  general  ,  CLONMEL  ELECTION  —Messrs  John  Reynolds,  and  John.  O'Connell,  are  canvassing  the  electors.  The  League  deputation  have  also  arrived  in  the  town,  but  have  not  been  well  received.  Mr.  M'Carthy  of  Cork,  and  Mr.  Carew  O'Dwyer,  are  talked  THE  Snip  KOSSIITIL—The  exertions  to  cleanse  this  ship  of  disease,  are  unremitting,  and  have  been  very  successful.  There  are  but  five  cases  of  cholera  and  ten  of  diarrluea  on  board  the  hospi hospital  tal hospital  hulk.  On  Thursday  morning,  a  young  woman  on  board  the  Kossuth  was  taken  ill,  and  died  within  four  hours.  Much  excitement  has  been  felt  by  the  country  people  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Queenstown,  it  being  discovered  that  the  dead  re removed  moved removed  from  the  vessel,  were  interred  at  Ballymore  Cemetery.  It  beinci  understood  that  three  were  to  be  buried  on  Thursday  night,  a  large  crowd  assem assembled  bled assembled  to  prevent  the  bodies  being  landed,  and,  to  prevent  a  riot,  the  police  had  to  be  called  out.  A  LADY  LAWYER.—The  Cleveland  Plaindealer  says,  that  Mrs.  Emma  R:  Coe,  has  been  pursuing  a  course  of  legal  studies,  for  the  purpose  of  herself  for  the  practice  of  that  profession.  On  reading  the  quotation  which  closes  the  manifesto  just  issued  by  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  the  Sultan  relieved  his  mind  in  Turkish  verse,  of  which  the  following  is  a  literal  translation  Setting  off  on  your  wars,  you  sing  a  Te  Deu;n,  AS  if  you'd  already  made  tuunt  of  mourn;  Just  now  you  prefer  the  accusative  case,  But  the  nominative  soon  will  appear  in  its  place  ;  For  (not  to  observe  that  this  terrible  fuss  Will  certainly  prove  in  the  end  Te-dious),  Those  who  chant  out  Te  Deum  at  matins  must,  later,  At  vespers  sing  small  Deus  WOMEN  AND  LADIES.—In  the  days  of  our  fathers  there  were  such  to  be  met  with  as  men  and  women;  but  now  they  are  all  gone,  and  in  their  place  a  race  of  gentlemen  and  ladies  —or,  to  be  still  more  refined,  a  race  of  ladies  and  has  sprung  up.  Women  and  girls  are  among  the  things  that  were  ;  but  are  found  every everywhere.  where. everywhere.  Miss  Martineau,  wishing  to  see  the  women  wards  in  a  prison  in  Tennessee,  was  answered  by  the  warden  have  no  ladies  here  at  present,  Now  so  far  as  the  ladies  were  concerned,  it  was  very  well  that  none  of  them  were  in  prison;  but  then  it  sounds  a  little  odd,  ladies  in— inprison  prison inprison  !  It  would  seem  bad  enough  for  women  to  be  in  such  a  place.  A  lecturer,  discoursing  upon  the  characteristics  of  woman,  illustrated  thus  :—Who  were  the  last  at  the  cross  ?  Ladies.  Who  were  the  first  at  the  sepulchre  ?  Ladies.  On  the  modern  improvement  we  have  heard  but  of  one  thing  that  beats  the  above.  It  was  the  finishing  touch  to  a  marriage  ceremony  performed  by  an  exquisite  divine  up  to  all  modern  refinements.  '  When  he  had  thrown  the  chain  of  Hymen  around  the  happy  couple,  he  concluded  by  saying,  now  pronounce  you  husband  and  The  aud  i  en  ce  stuffed  their  handkerchiefs  into  their  mouths  and  got  out  of  the  room  as  quickly  as  possible  to  take  their  breath.—  Washington  (N.  C.)  Cain.  POLICE  COURTS.-YESTERDAY.  LIVERPOOL.  Richard  Richards  was  charged  by  sub-constable,  ,1  , STYLE=superscript  84,  under  the  following  circumstances  :—lt  appeared  - STYLE=superscript  lifat  as  the  constable  and  another  were  on  duty  in  Tithebaru-street,  on  Sunday,  they  met  the  prisoner,  linked  with  three  other  men,  coming  down  the  street.  On  passing,  the  prisoner  observed  that  he  did  not  care  a  d—n  about  the  police  or  any  one  else,  and  meeting,  a  few  yards  further  on,  three  sailors,  who  were  coming  in  the  opposite  direction,  he  dashed  up  against  them,  and  nearly  knocked  down  one  of  them.  A  .row  then  ensued,  and  the  result  was  that  one  of  the  parties  who  was  with  the  prisoner,  stabbed  one  of  the  sailors  in  a  very  savage  manner.  The  prisoner,  who  is  a  pig  -drover,  was  drunk  at  the  time  and  had  a  large  sum  of  money  about  The  magistrate  severely  censured  him,  and  pointed  out  the  sad  consequences  which  might  have  resulted  from  his  conduct.  lie  was  fined  ss.  for  being  drunk.  STABBBNG.—  William  Christie,  a  butcher,  living  in  Rose-Place,  and  Matthews,  two  of  the  parties  who  were  with  the  above  prisoner,  were  subsequently  put  forward,  and  charged  with  assaulting  John  Keane,  the  sailor.  Keane  attended  in  Court,  and  appeared  to  be  much  exhausted  from  the  blood  he  had  lost.  The  first  stab  opened  his  cheek  from  the  chin  to  the  eye  ;  he  was  then  stabbed  in  the  ear  and  head;  and  the  third  stab,  which  he  received  in  the  back  of  the  head  and  neck,  inflicted  a  wound  nearly  two  inches  deep._  _  .  _  _  -  Police-officer  184  stated  the  circumstances  out  of  which  the  occurrence  arose,  and  which,  are  detailed  in  the  fore foregoing  going foregoing  case.  He  'said  that  he  had  scarcely  looked  at  Richards,  when  he  heard  that  Keane  had  been  stabbed.  He  immediately  returned  with  his  brother  officer,  and  found  that  the  prisoner  had  taken  refu  g  e  in  a  yard.  Failing  to  effect  an  entrance,  they  waited  outside  for  some  time,  when  Christie  came  out;  and  the  moment  he  appeared,  the  by-standers  shouted  out  that  he  was  the  man  who  had  used  the  knife.  Upon  this,  Christie  made  off,  but  was  arrested  by  the  officer  at  the  corner  of  Smithfield-street.  Other  witness  also  deposed  to  these  facts,  but  none  of  them  could  positively  swear  that  Christie  was  the  man  who  used  the  knife.  The  prisoners  have  been  accordingly  remanded,  to  enable  the  police  to  produce  a  witness  who  saw  Christie  open  the  penknife,  which  he  afterwards  dropped  after  having  stabbed  Keane.  William  Robinson,  keeper  of  a  brothel  in  Pellew-street  was  charged  with  being  drunk  and  disorderly  on  Sunday  night.  The  prisoner,  who  is  a  very  violent  character,  when  brought  to  the  bridewell,  and  abut  to  be  locked  up,  severely  injured  Mr.  Kelly,  the  keeper,  by  kicking  him  on  the  leg.  For  the  present,  Mr.  Kelly  has  been  completely  disabled,  and  he  was  obliged  to  take  a  cab  in  going  to,  and  returning  from,  the  office.  The  prisoner  was  fined  40s.  and  costs,  or  in  default  of  payment,  two  months  imprison imprisonment.  ment. imprisonment.  John  B.  Burdick.  was  fined  11s.  3d.  for  endeavouring  to  smuggle  a  small  quantity  of  tobacco,  from  the  steam-ship  Asia.  COMMITMENTS.  —Sarah  Smith,  for  picking  James  Patti Pattison's  son's Pattison's  pocket  of  a  sovereign,  in  a  public  house  at  Shaw's-brow,  on  Saturday  night,  was  committed  for  21  days.  Henry  King  and  William  Smith  were  charged  with,  on  yesterday,  stealing  301bs.  of  clean  tallow,  value  155.,  from  the  ship  lying  in  Bramley-Moore  Dock.  King  was  ship-keeper,  and  Smith  an  apprentice  on  board  the  ship.  The  case  was  very  clearly  proved,  and  the  magistrates  ex expressed  pressed expressed  their  indignation  that  a  man  holding  the  situation  of  ship-keeper,  and  drawing  good  wages,  should  have  been  guilty  of  so  flagrant  a  breach  of  trust.  King  was  com committed  mitted committed  for  one  month,  and  Smith  was  remanded.  Charles  Johnson  was  convicted  for  having,  on  yesterday  morning,  at  a  sailors'  boarding-house,  kept  by  Ann  Adding,  52,  Park-lane,  attempted  to  abscond  with  a  full  suit  of  clothes,  the  property  of  a  fellow  boarder,  and  was  sentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment  with  hard  labour,  in  the  house  of  correction.  John  Byrne,  a  boy  nine  years  of  age,  who,  at  seven  o'clock  on  Saturday  evening,  was  found  concealed  under  a  bed,  in  an  apartment  in  the  house  of  Margaret  Williams  '  Grenville Grenvillestreet,  street, Grenvillestreet,  with  two  bundles  of  valuable  household  linen  and  Nearing  apparel  made  up  ready  to  carry  off,  was  sentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment  in  the  house  of  correction.  Patrick  Joyce,  convicted  of  having,  on  Saturday  evening,  at  six  o'clock,  stolen  6  lb.  of  copper  nails  from  the  ship  lying  in  the  Clarence  Graving  dock,  was  sen sentenced  tenced sentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment.  _  _  Martin  11PGinness  and  .Patrick  Connell  were  charged  with  stealing  three  sacks  of  potatoes  from  the  Nelson  dock,  which  had  been  recently  unloaded  from  the  steamer,  of  Belfast,  and  the  property  of  Owen  M'Cabe.  They  em employed  ployed employed  a  little  boy  and  a  donkey  cart  to  remove  the  property  to  a  cellar  in  Chartres-street,  where  they  sold  them.  The  boy  proved  to  the  two  prisoners  having  loaded  the  cart  with  the  potatoes.  M‘Ginuess  had  been  in  the  employment  of  At‘Cabe  as  carter;  this  being  a  bad  case  of  fraud  and  felony,  he  was  sentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment,  and  Con Connell  nell Connell  to  one  month.  Joseph  Bethel,  for  having  in  his  possession,  on  Sunday  night,  30  lb.  weight  of  coal,  for  which  he  could  not  account,  was  sentenced  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.  REMANDS.—Nicholas  Maunder,  a  Greek  seaman,  was  re remanded,  manded, remanded,  charged  with,  on  Sunday  evening,  robbing  a  fellow fellowcountryman  countryman fellowcountryman  of  ,C  6  10s.  and  a  suit  of  clothes,  in  a  lodging lodginghouse  house lodginghouse  to  which  he  had  decoyed  him.  Ellen  Good  was  remanded,  charged  with,  on  Friday,  steal stealing  ing stealing  a  mantle  value  £4  10s.,  from  Jane  Price,  of  John-street.  James  Cross,  John  Harrison,  and  William  Lioge,  were  charged  with  stealinc  , STYLE=superscript  a  quantity  of  bedding  and  wearing  apparel  from  the  West  Derby  Workhouse.  They  were  not  paupers  in  the  house,  but  were  on  the  labour  test.  The  only  evidence  being  an  admission  of  guilt  by  Ligoe,  he  was  remanded  for  seven  days,  and  the  other  two  discharged.  James  Mullin  was  remanded,  charged  with  having,  at  a  quarter  to  nine  on  Saturday  night,  picked  the  pocket  of  a  woman  named  Mary  Williams,  in  Great  Charlotte-street,  of  fifteen  shillings.  STEALING  mom  A  CHILD.  —Mary  Ann  Bowers,  a  young  girl,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  string  of  coral  beads,  value  IGs.,  at  five  o'clock  on  Saturday  afternoon,  from  the  neck  of  an  interesting  little  girl  about  eight  years  old,  named  Mary  Ann  M'Kennely,  whose  parents  live  in  'Williamson-street,  Church-street.  She  had  decoyed  this  child  out  of  a  shop,  the  little  one  having  an  infant  in  her  charge,  by  giving  the  baby  an  apple,  and  pretending  that  she  was  about  purchas purchasing  ing purchasing  a  cake  for  it.  She  brought  the  child  into  a  bird  shop,  and  there  took  off  the  necklace.  Mr.  John  Benosi,  pawn pawnbroker,  broker, pawnbroker,  65,  Paradise-street,  deposed  that  on  the  same  evening  prisoner  offered  the  beads  for  sale.  He  suspected  something  from  seeing  the  initial  letters  of  a  name  engraved  on  the  golden  clasp,  and  very  promptly  gave  the  girl  in  charge  to  an  officer.  Soon  after,  the  mother  of  the  child  came  into  his  shop  to  look  after  the  lost  ornament.  The  magistrate  said  a  clearer  case  had  never  been  proved,  and  a  very  bad  case  it  was.  The  magistrates  on  that  bench  had  made  it  a  practice  to  punish  very  severely  parties  who  robbed  children  of  their  wearing  apparel  or  ornaments.  He  should  follow  their  example,  by  sentencing  this  girl  to  three  months  imprison imprisonment  ment imprisonment  in  the  House  of  Correction.  DISCOVERY  OF  GOLD  SUPPOSED  .TO  BE  STOLEN.—  Margaret  Evans  was  charged  by  an  officer  under  the  following  circumstances  :—He  had  received  informa information  tion information  of  a  serious  robbery  of  sovereigns  from  the  person  of  a  gentlemn  by  a  prostitute,  at  39,  Peter-street,  and  at  the  same  time  a  description  of  the  girl.  On  Sunday  morning,  at  six  o'clock,  he  arrested  the  prisoner  in  White Whitechapel,  chapel, Whitechapel,  she  answering  the  description  accurately.  He  told  her  what  he  wanted  her  for,  and  asked  her  had  she  any  money  on  her,  this  she  at  first  denied,  but  she  afterwards  said  she  had  fourteen  shillings  which  her  uncle  had  given  her  out  of  his  wages  on  Saturday  to  take  care  of  for  him.  The  officer  then  felt  about  her  breast  and  perceiving  a  hard  lump,  he  made  the  girl  draw  forth  a  small  parcel  which  he  soon  found  to  contain  a  sum  of  seventeen  sovereigns  and  one  pound  ten  shillings  and  elevenpence  in  silver  and  copper.  On  going  to  the  house  in  Peter-street,  he  found  an  overcoat  which  he  supposed  the  gentleman  had  left  behind  him.  The  person  robbed  had  not  given  his  name  nor  address,  but  in  the  coat  was  found  a  card  which  it  is  thought  will  furnish  a  clue  to  find  him.  The  girl  was  therefore  remanded  for  seven  days.  Mr.  Wybergh  said  the  suspicions  agaiust  her  were  increased  by  the  fact  of  her  having  two  attorneys,  Messrs.  Campbell  and  Bluck,  to  defend  her.  _  _  CHARGE  of  ATTEMPTED  BURGLARY.--.Tohn  Thompson,  Michael  Walshe,  and  George  Cusack,  charged  by  detective  officers  Russell  and  Patrick  with  attempting  a  burglarious  entry  at  the  back  of  the  premises  of  Messrs.  Litherland  and  Davies,  Bold-street,  on  Sunday,  the  6th  inst.,  as  detailed  by  us  at  the  time,  were  again  put  forward  from  remand.  A  some  skeleton  keys  and  lock-picks  were  produced  and  the  evidence  again  gone  over.  The  magistrates  said  that  there  was  no  shadow  of  doubt  that  the  evidence  con connected  nected connected  all.  these  parties  together  in  a  daring  attempt  at  burglary.  The  circumstance  of  being  three  times  found  attempting  an  entry  were  too  glaring,  and  it  was  not  likely  that  they  could  be  lurking  about  back  doors  on  a  Sunday  evening,  when  people  were  supposed  to  be  at  divine  service,  for  any  thing  but  an  evil  purpose.  It  was  their  duty  as  magistrates  to  endeavour  to  protect  the  public,  and  as  the  prisoners  were  well  known  and  daring  thieves,  they  should  be  deprived  of  an  opportunity  during  the.three  next  months  of  long  dark  nights  of  carrying  their  plans  of  plunder  into  effect.  They  would  therefore  sentence  them  to  three  months'  imprisonment  each  in  the  house  of  correction  under  the  vagrant  act."
