text
"boarded  and  lodged  in  the  house.  Walkeden  appears  never  to  have  left  al  - STYLE=superscript  o'll4  except  fa  a  few  hdqrs.  - STYLE=superscript  Tria  - STYLE=superscript  proVifd  that that.  . that.  W  a  it  er  Palmpr  went  nhont  117;1i,  becile  I  might  do  with  went  to  tion  of  His  reccip  stipend  have  bee  W.  from  ''  lot  Mr.  Wil  trport  to  be  receip  lam  Palmer.  they  is  not  yet  evidence  to  ahOw  that'  William,  and  not  Waite.  was  the  paymaster.  Walter  Palmer's  Small,  allowance  from  his  mother,  and  the  trifling  advances  from  his  brother,  would  alone  seem  to  negative  the  .supposition  that  he  could  have  paid  30s,  a  week  out  of  £2  a  week,  as  wages  'to  his  attendant  The  evidence  of  Walkeden,  that  William  Palmer  never  visited  his  brother  from  the  Saturday  before  his  death  until  the  morning  on  which  that  event  happened,  is  completely  contradicted  by  the  evidence  of  Palmer's  own  diary,  in  which  he  states  that  on  Sunday,  the  12th  of  August,  he•  visited  his  brother  twice.  The  diary  also  contains  entries  showing  that  he  went  to  Stafford  every  day  between  Sunday  and  the  following  Thursday,  and  that  go  went  to  Liverpool  on  the  Friday  (the  17th),  to  acquaint  his  wife  of  his  brother's  death.  The  evidence  of  Mr.  Loyd,  the  landlord  of  the  Junction  Hotel,  at  Stafford,  and  of  the  boots  &#34;'also  proves  that  Palmer  was  in  Stafford,  and  visited  his  brc.  week,  from  Sunday  to  the  Thursday,  both  days  inclus  her  on  - STYLE=superscript  every  day  of  the  Mr.  Smith.  who  is  conducting  the  defence,  has  resm.-  take  the  necessary  steps  to  have  the  prisoner's  trial  either  in  London  or  some  town  on  the  circuit,  on  the  ground  that  the  public  prejudice  existing  against  him  in  Stafford  is  so  great  as  to  preclude  the  possibility  of  a  fair  trial.  The  Crown,  we  are  informed,  will  not  resist  the  application.  Although  Palmer  was  frequently  a  defaulter  on  the  turf,  he  appears  to  have  ultimately  paid  everybody,  raising  money  for  that  purpose  at  ruinous  rates  of  interest.  His  domestic  expenses  seem  to  have  been  met  with  great  regularity,  and  the  tradespeople  of  Rugeley  state  that  in  small  matters  he  was  very  punctual  in  making  his  payments.  The  house  which  he  occupied  is  the  property  of  the  Earl  of  Lichfield.  It  is  an,  old  fashioned,  comfortable  dwelling,  with  large  and  beautifully  kept  gardens.  It  is  now  shut  up,  and  desolate."
