text
"Of  cou:  we  are  well  aware  that  the  one  is  conditional  on  the  other—that  neither  can  exist  independently  of  the  other.  Hence  we  view  all  sanitary  appliances  as  the  pioneers  of  intellectual  progress,  more  equable  social  rights,  and  a  higher  and.  wider  .  civilization.  Not  our  social  institutions  alone,but  our  le  gal  tribu tribunals,  nals, tribunals,  are  becoming  tributary  to  this  new  spirit.  The  mighty  leaven  is  fast  leavening  the  whole  mass  of  society  laws,  •  politics  everything  in  fact,  from'  the  Throne  downwards.  Every,  day  what  re remains  mains remains  with  us  of  the  feudal  Past  is  gradually  decay decaying;  ing; decaying;  and  .now  men  are  to  be  found,  and  acknow acknowledged  ledged acknowledged  politicians  in  other  respects;  who  have  so  outgrown  the  Present  as  to  invoke  the  Future,  and  thus  endeavour  to  realize  that  millenniuM  which  a  beneficent  nature  has  wisely  decreed'  should  ever  remain  before  and  beyond  us—so  that  human  ener-  gies  may  never  want  stimuli  for  exertion,  or  exer-  cise  for  hope  Mr.  GLADSTONE  deserves  great  credit  for  having  united  with  the  citizens  of  Manchester  to  honour  the  manes  of  so  distinguished  a  statesman  and  disinterested  a  patriot  as  Sir  ROBERT  PEEL.  This  fact  alone  is  a  sufficient  guarantee  that  our  CHANCELLOR  Of  the  'EXCHEQUER  not  only  approves  of  his  departed  friend's  political  policy,  but  that  he  will  himself  advocate  it  at  the  Proper  time  and  place.  It  likewise  teaches  a  lesson  to  our  Ad-  Ministration,  that  •  their  successful  rule,  :  and  the  stability  of  their  office,  depends  entirely  upon  the  amount  of  popular  support  bestowed  upon  their  measures  ;  whilst  it  teaches  a  lesson  to  the  people,  that  the  only  way  to  obtain  the  friendlycooperation  of  those  in  power,  is,  to  render  themselves  always  deserving  of  it  IN  grappling  with  the  Tenant  Right  League,  we  must  expect  to  find  ourselves  in  the  position  of  the  inquisitive  bear,  who  approached  too  near  the  wasp'S  nest.  Yet  where  truth  needs  help,  and  justice  urges  a  demand,,  man  must  stoop  to  the  humblest  offices.  In  speaking  , STYLE=superscript  of  the  League,  we  do  not  give  expres expression  sion expression  to  a  mere  impromptu  of  the  imagination  •eye  of  a  stern  philanthropy,  an  inflexible'  sense  of  right,  a  strong  dislike  to  injustice,  and-nn  exten extensive,  sive, extensive,  if  not  perfect,  knowledge  of  facts,  are  the  . STYLE=superscript  1  the  League  -have  to  contend.  element's  With  whiel  There  is  something  whimsicalif  riot  actually  comic,  in  the  idea  of  liolding,up  :  4  -eland  as  a  terra  'incognita,  ivhere.•the  condition  of  ;he  people  is  held  up  to  surrounding•nations  as  a  novelty  and  a  fact.  We  are  diSposed  to  give  the  League  a  full  licence  of  ilApAp.ity  k  t9,.c_xhilpi  j  t  thpaborigines  of  the  cowl.  THE  NORTHERN  try  in  their  ~  ga4cliest,war  attire,  or  in  the  more  lamb  lik  garbs  . STYLE=superscript  of  m'od'ern  times.  They  may;  for  aught  `o  `'care,  use  the  warrior  and  the  Evangelizer  by  turns  to  suit  their  purpose.  They!  may  exalt  one  and  extol  the  other  with  all  the  sophistry,  poetry,  and'enthusiasm  .  they  can  command;  but  they  shall  also  admit  the  truth,  and  shew  some  practical  remedy  for  the  revolting  backwardness  of  the  people  whom  they  profess  to  serve.  It  is  not  enough  that  this  or  that  class  should.  be  pre preeminent  eminent preeminent  in  classic  knowledge,  theoretiCal  art,  or  dogmatical  attainments,  - STYLE=superscript  which  impoverish  a  nation  while  they  merely  adorn  a  man.  Nor  do  we  feel  inclined  to  let  the  Mere  political  adventurer  monopo monopolise  lise monopolise  to  'himself  the  ,path  to  distinction,  and  the  reward  of  place.  The  facts  to  be  dealt  with  in  Ireland,  as  we  can  glean  them  from  the  inuendos  of  the  League,  andthe  proceedings  of  other  kindred  associations  which  have  appeared  in  Ireland  within  the  last  half  cen century  tury century  are,  that  the  people  are  miserably  poor,  wretchedly  ignorant,  worse  thaw  houseless,  and  almost  naked.  These  facts  loose  none  of  their  'ore°  by  comparing  the  condition  of  the  Irish  ?eople  with  that  of  other  _countries.  This,  Mr.  Lucas,  in  his  report  on  the  industrial  condition  of  Belgium,  amply  testifies.  But  in  his  enquiry  into  the  social  condition  of  the  Belgian  people,  he  passes  over  that  which  he  contends  for  as  the  primary  desideratum  demanded  for  Ireland's  success,  viz.  ;  Tenant  Right.  He  tells  us  how  the  Belgian  peasantry  live,  their  superior  comforts,  and  industry;  but  he  says  nothing  about  the  right  which  the  Belgian  farmer,  the  French  vine-grower,  the  Dutch  tenant,  or,  in  fact,  the  agriculturist  of  Europe,  have  to  grow  and  to  manufacture  any-  thing  and  everything  the  soil  can  produce.  In  passing  over  this  right  of  the  Continental  Farmer,  a  strong  suspicion  is  Produced  in  the  public  mind,  both  as  to  the  sincerity  and  compe  ten.cy  of'  men  who  expatiate  so  largely  natters  of  common  place  social  and  politica  economy.  Had  the  League  undertaken  the  colo colonization  nization colonization  of  New  Zealand,  their  proposal  for  the  introduction  of  the  domestic  arts  and  manufactures  of  other  nations,  would  have  been  no  less  useful  thanlaudable.  But  when  we  find  them  treating  of  a  people  who  haVe  brought  one  and  all  of  the  manufactures  which  are  most  peculiarly  adapted  to  their  soil  and  circumstances  to  their  very  highest  perfection,  and  which  enjoy  the  highest  remunerative  position  in  the  great  circle  of  com commercial  mercial commercial  prices,  we  discover  a  degree  of  shallowness  in  the  comprehension  of  the  League  which  brands  their  assumption  of  power  and  claim  to  popula  consideration,  with  an  air  little  short  of  presump  tion  Nor  can  we  give  them  credit  for  sincerity  in  their  advocacy  of  the  Tenant's  Right;  their  con  stant  repetition  of  the  Farmer's  want  of  remunera remunerative  tive remunerative  employment  for  his  skill  and  capital,  while  a  prohibition'  against  both  is  suffered  to  remain  on  the  Statute-book.  In-  Belgium  and  Germany,  the  Tenant  Fanner  can  malt  his  grain,  brew  and  sell  his  beer  without  let  or  hindrance.  In  France,  the  vine  grower  can  distil  his  brandy,  and  make  his  wine.  In  Holland,  distillation  ,of  gin  is  permitted,  and  an  Irishman  when  expatriated  from  his  country,  may  grow  sugar,  tobacco,  and  distil  his  whiskey  on  the  banks  of  the  Mississippi,  the  St.  Lawrence,  or  the  Ganges.  But  is  the  League  not  aware  that  the  Irishman  must  expatriate  himself,  and  become  a  Farmer  in  a'  foreign  land,  before  he  can  manufacture  the  pro produce  duce produce  of  his  skill  or  capital  ?  To  talk  of  Tenant  Right,  where  the  right  to  turn  the  soil  to  the  best  ,  advantage  is  not  enjoyed  by  the  occupier,  is  to  ad admit  mit admit  a  principle  in  the  social  and•political  economy  of  a  state,  which  shows  itself  to  advantage  only  in  the  excessive  want  and  misery  of.  its  people.  •  Give  to.  , STYLE=superscript  the  Irish  Fanner  the  right  to  cultivate  ,  tobacco,  and  you  add  at  once  'X5,000,000  annually  to  the  industrial  revenue  of  the  country.  Teach  him  to  produce  'sugar,  and  you  will  economise  £lOOO,OOO  of  the  'present  expendittire.  Let  him  malt  his:  _grain,  and  you  will  leave  in  the  home-  .  stead  of  the  Tenant  employment  for  time,  at  a  profit  'not.less  than  £1,00  .  0,000.  Let  him  brew  and  distill  from  his  malt,  and  another  sum  of  £2,000,000  annually  may  be  fairly  added  to  the  .Farmer's  profits  from  Irish  agriculture.  .  1 STYLE=superscript  1hese-are  praCtical  remedies  for,  all  the  evils  the  League  are  so  industriously  engaged  in  parading  beforq  the  world.  If  the  power  of  eloquence  and  the  beauties  of  rhetoric,  which  have  been  expended  by  the  League  over  a  chapter  or  two  of  'reformed  law,  which  is  Id  be  . STYLE=superscript  added  to  our  immense  maga magazine  zine magazine  of  abortive  legislation,  had  been'  beStowed  in  exposing  the  real  root  of  Ireland's  grievances—the  League  would  have  earned  the  lasting  gratitude  of  this  and  future  ages.  At  present,  it  is  little  more  than  a  noisy,  snarling,  impracticable  conclave,  in  which  attorneys  and  jackals  can  scarely  be  restrain restrained  ed restrained  by  the  modest  consistency  of  the  few  who  would  really  grapple  practically  with  the  subject  of  Te.  nant  Right  if  t46y  knew  how.  FROM  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDENT.  LONDON,•  SUNDAY  NIGHT.  Authentic  intelligence  reached  the  Foreign  Office  last  night,  to  the  effect  that  the  Declaration  of  War  by  Turkey  is  positive  and  peremptory.  The  conditional  notice  expires  on  the  25th  inst.."
