text
"PHILADELPHIA  InoN.--The  inactivity  usual  to  this  season  of  the  year  pervades  the  market.  Inquiries  for  future  delivery  impart  some  degree  of  firmness,  and  in  :general  the  :prospects  are  esteemed  ;favourable  for  ironmasters.  A  sale  of  4000  tons  pig  was  consummated  for  future  delivery;  100  tons  Car-wheel  sold  at  37  dols  50c;  for  foundry  purposes  the  sales  have  been  of  small  amounts—making  a  total  of  nearly  4900  tons  Pig  for  the  week;  No.  1  at  27  dols;  No.  2at  25  dols;  No.  3at  23  dols.  Bars  and  most  descrip descriptions  tions descriptions  of  iron  are  quiet,  but  firm,  at  past  quotations.  RETURN  OF  THE  HUDSON  BAY  COM COMPANY'S  PANY'S COMPANY'S  ARCTIC  EXPEDITION  IN  SEARCH  OF  SIR  JOHN  FRANKLIN.  CONFIRMATION  OF  DR.  RAE'S  REPORTS.  DISCOVERY_  OF_  THE  REMAINS  OF  SIR  JOHN  FRANKLIN  AND  PARTY.  -  From  the  (St;  Paul)  Ninteesotian,  Dec.  12,  1855.  Mr.  J.  D.  Stewart,  lady,  and  suite,  arrived  at  the  American  House  on  Monday  evening,  and  left  in  the  stage  yesterday  afternoon  for  below.  1  Will  be  remembered  that  Dr.  Rae  has  been  employed  by  the  Hudson's  Bay  Company  for  the  last  four  or  five  years  in  an  effort  to  discover  any  traces  of  the  remains  of  the  fate  of  Sir  John  Franklin  and  his  party;  that  he  has  made  two  expeditions  into  the  Arctic  regions  for  that  purpose,  and  that  he  was  so  successful  in  the  last  expe expedition  dition expedition  as  to  discover  evidences  of  the  fact  that  a  party  of  white  men,  with  ships  and  boats,  had  perished  in  that  far-off  hyperborean  region  several  years  ago.  which  Dr.  Rae  concluded  to  have  been  the  id-fated  expedition  he  was  in  search  of.  Beyond  the  finding  of  some  spoons  and  other  trifles  among  the  Esquimaux  bearing  the  name  of  and  the  tidings  which  he  gathered  from  the  inhabitants,  his  expedition  amounted  to  nothing.  In  pursuance  of  his  object,  the  Doctor  has  passed  through  this  place  twice—once  on  his  way  to  England,  and  again  when  he  returned  to  go  on  his  second  tour.  It  will  also  be  recollected  that  soon  after  the  conclusion  of  his  last  topr,  the  Hudson's  Bay  Company  sent  out  another  party  to  elicit  still  more  facts  on  this  point,  and  that  in  pursuance  of  this  design  a  messenger  was  sent  from  their  headquarters  in  Montreal  (which  messenger  passed  through  this  place  about  fourteen  months  since),  to  Governor  Simpson  at  the  Selkirk  Settlement  to  make  the  necessary  arrangements  for  that  purpose.  Mr.  J.  U.  Stewart,  whose  arrival  in  this  city  we  noticed  above.  was  the  person  selected  for  this  duty.  Mr.  S.  was  well  calcu calculated  lated calculated  for  this  hazardous  undertaking,  having  lived  in  the  Arctic  regions  for  the  last  ten  or  twelve  years,  at  one  of  the  most  extreme  of  the  Company's  posts,  and  able  to  endure  any  amount  of  fatigue  consequent  upon  exposure  and  absence  of  food.  Mr.  Stewart  started  with  four  voyageurs  and  arrived  at  Slave  Lake  during  the  early  part  of  the  season,  and  pro proceeding  ceeding proceeding  up  one  of  the  streams  that  flow  into  that  body  of  water  from  a  north-east  direction  till  he  came  to  latitude  6S°  he  was  completely  successful  in  his  efforts.  He  here  learned  more  fully  and  partiaiilarly  of  the  fate  of  . STYLE=superscript  the  lamented  explorer  than  any  account  yet  published  gives.  The  fact  that  a  party  (some  40  in  number)  of  whites,  who  came  into  that  region  in  ship:,  but  which  were  destroyed.  and  that  they  endeavoured  to  proceed  on  their  way  in  the  ships'  boats,  and  that  the  boats  were  also  afterwards  de destroyed  stroyed destroyed  on  the  rapids  of  a  strait  which  they  were  endea endeavouring  vouring endeavouring  t,.)  navigate,  Mr.  Stewart  will  undertake  to  demonstrate  to  any  person's  satisfaction.  It  was  Mr.  S.'s  opinion  that  the  party  was  making  an  effort  to  reach  one  of  the  posts  of  Hudson's  Bay  Company  at  the  time  of  the  destruction  of  their  boats.  Their  remains  were  found  in  the  sand  along  the  coast  for  several  miles  in  length,  and  the  drifting  sands  of  each  successive  season  were  burying  them  still  deeper.  It  had  been  five  years  since  they  had  perished,  and  it  was  impossible  to  distinguisk  as  to  the  persons  of  one  of  the  crew.  This  is  described  as  a  most  dreary  region  —not  a  sign  of  vegetation  being  anywhere  visible  ;  and  that  the  party  of  Sir  John  Franklin  met  their  death  by  starvation,  is  not  to  be  questioned.  The  Esquimaux,  from  whom  much  infor  •  matron  was  gained,  when  questioned  on  this  point,  signifi significantly  cantly significantly  placed  their  hands  upon  their  stomachs,  endeavour endeavouring  ing endeavouring  thereby  to  indicate  their  horrible  fate.  This  point  is  on  the  coast  opposite  Montreal  Island.  Mr.  S.  brought  with  him  many  relics  taken  from  the  Esquimaux  which  they  had  obtained  of  the  ill-fated  exploring  party  ;  among  other  things,  a  piece  of  one  of  the  boats  belonging  to  that  expedition.  Mr.  S.  was'  accompanied  to  the  place  by  several  voyageurs  (half-breed  Chippewas),  part  of  whom  went  with  him  on  his  tour  below,  and  the  others  are  stopping  at  the  Imerican.  We  understand  it  to  be  the  intention  of  Mr.  S.  to  proceed  directly  to  England.  He  has  performed  this  whole  journey  in  a  comparatively  short  space  of  time—being  only  thirteen  months  since  he  first  fitted  out  for  it  He  represents  the  cold  weather  as  being  intense  in  that  region,  in  some  instances  it  having  reached  a  point  65  0 STYLE=superscript  below  zero.  (  From  the  Montreal  Herald  of  Dec.  24.)  We  have  been  favoured  by  E.  M.  Hopkins.  Esq.  (in  the  absence  of  Sir  George  Simpson),  with  the  following  out outline  line outline  cf  the  proceedings  of  the  Arctic  Expedition,  which,  by  instructions  from  her  Majesty's  government,  was  employed  by  the  Hudson's  Bay  Company  to  follow  up  the  clue  discovered  by  .Dr.  Rae  while  engaged  on  another  exploring  expedition,  also  fitted  out  by  the  Hudson's  Bay  Company,  of  the  fate  of  Sir  John  Franklin's  party.  It  will  be  in  the  recollection  of  our  readers  that  it  is  scarcely  a  year  ago  that  we  published  to  the  world  infor information  mation information  which  had  been  received  of  the  lamentable  fate  of  the  gallant  Franklin  and  his  brave  comrades.  The  intel intelligence  ligence intelligence  which  was  conveyed  to  Dr.  Rae  in  the  winter  of  1853-54  by  the  Esquimaux,  and  in  the  accuracy  of  which  that  distinguished  Arctic  traveller  placed  perfect  reliance,  was  received  by  the  public  in  England  with  great  hesita hesitation,  tion, hesitation,  arising.  probably,  front  au  unwillingness  to  believe  the  mournful  facts.  That  intelligence  was  in  substance  that  in  the  winter  of  1850,  the  Esquimaux  saw  a  party  of  whites  travelling  from  the  nortnward  toward  the  Arctic  coast,  dragging  a  boat  over  the  ice,  intending  to  use  it  as  soon  as  they  reached  open  water  ;  that  the  party,  about  forty  in  all,  made  the  land  near  the  mouth  of  a  large  river  (the  Great  Fish  River  of  Back)  and  there  perished  of  starvation,  to  which  were  added  a  number  of  frightful  details  of  their  sufferiugs,  which  we  will  not  again  inflict  on  our  readers.  In  proof  of  the  truth  of  these  reports  the  Esquimaux  exhibited  and  sold  to  Dr.  Rae  a  great  variety  of  relics,  principally  silver  forks  and  spoons,  marked  with  the  crest  and  initials  of  various  officers  of  the  ships  Erebus  and  Terror  (Franklin's),  and  among  other  articles  a  small  order,  or  star,  with  Sir  John  Franklin's  name  engraved  on  it.  lhese  were  the  tangible  proof;  conveyed  to  England  by  Dr.  Rto  in  confirmation  uf  the  tale  he  colleettA  !MU  the  Esquimaux  but  his  proeeediugs  and  conclusions  have  been  frequently  called  iu  question,  and  therefore  it  will  bd  the  tuo.  e  gra-  tifying  to  trim  now  that  they  are  fully  corroborated,  even  to  minute  details  of  locality,  &amp;c.,  in  which  he  might  pos possibly  sibly possibly  have  been  mistaken.  As  soon  as  Dr.  Rae  had  laid  his  report  before  her  Majesty's  Government,  it  was  decided  that  an  attempt  should  be  made  to  follow  up  the  trace  he  had  obtained,  commencing  at  the  point  indicated  by  the  Esquimaux,  as  the  scene  of  the  last  sufferings  of  the  party  of  whites  seen  by  them  in  1850.  The  or,:anization  and  management  of  this  new  expedition  were  wisely  entrusted  to  the  Hudson's  Bay  Company.  On  the  27th  October,  1854,  the  instructions  of  her  Majesty's  Government  and  the  Company  were  forwarded  from  London  to  Sir  George  Simpson  at  Lachine,  where  he  received  them  in  the  middle  of  November.  His  great  experience  and  well  known  ability  in  affairs  of  that  nature  enabled  him  to  decide  with  promptitude  on  the  mode  of  carrying  out  the  expedition,  the  men  to  be  employed  as  leaders  and  in  subordinate  capacities,  the  amount  of  supplies,  craft,  and  all  other  requisties  for  the  undertaking;  and  on  the  20th  of  November,  last  year,  his  instructions  were  dispatched  by  special  message  to  the  Hudson's  Bay  .  Teritories;  all  parts  of  which  were  put  under  requisitioa  to  furnish  materiel,  the  whole  to  be  collected  at  the  rendezvous,  Fort  Resolution,  in  Great  Slave  Lake,  by  the  Ist  of  June  following  ;  and  so  complete  were  the  plans,  and  80 STYLE=superscript  carefully  had  all  contingencies  been  provided  against,  that  in  no  point  was  there  a  failure  in  carrying  out  his  arrangements.  The  officers  selected  to  lead  the  party  were  Mr.  Anderson,  a  chief  factor  of  the  company,  and  Mr.  J.  G.  Stewart,  a  chief  trader—both  well  qualified  by  experience,  courage,  physical  strength,  &amp;c.  for  the  arduous  duty,  The  party  consisted  of  these  two  officers  and  lourteen  men,  and  left  Fort  Resolution,  a  port  of  the  Hudson's  Bay  Company  on  the  Great  Slave  Lake,  on  the  22nd  of  June  last  in  two  bark  canoes,  in  which  they  performed  the  perilous  voyage  down"
