text
"ANNUAL  TRADE  CIRCULARS,  TIM  MONEY  MARKET.  (From  Messrs.  7.  and  H.  Littlodes  %  Co.'s  Circular.)  The  money  market  has  presented  some  singular  features  during  the  past  year.  For  the  first  eight  months  the  supply  was  most  ample,  and  though  loan  after  loan  was  announced,  they  appeared  to  create  only  a  momentary  influence,  and  although  it  was  the  season  of  our  heaviest  imports  and  stocks  of  produce,  the  rates  of  discount  steadily  declined  from  5  per  cent.  in  January  to  31  per  cent.  in  June.  But  why  this  decline?—simply  because  the  bullion  increased  from  £12,000,000  to  £18,000,000  ;  not  from  the  want  of  demand  for  money—the  deposit  on  the  loans,  the  lame  requirements  of  C'  the  outfit  of  the  secon  campai  cis  of  commerce  led  to  the  constan  )rt  of  e  demand,  bat  an  ample  kept  remarkably  —and  yet  . STYLE=superscript  the  eireulatio.  of  the  ,  ha  steads,  and  me  within  £150,0n0  in  January  and  a  to  ebb  fro  - STYLE=superscript  m  us,  'hole  phaseof  t  Ltters  was  oh  been  overtrading,  and  the  bank  of  France  in  the  vain  endeavour  to  keep  her  rate  of  discount  at  4  pe  allowed  her  coffers  to  be  so  drainrd  of  bullion  that  she  must  get  a  supply  at  any  cost,  and  made  a  contract  with  Messrs.  Rothschild  for  £4,000,000,  which  was  supplied  from  this  country.  To  stop  this  and  oth  T  cent  drains  the  bank  began  y STYLE=superscript  in  September  to  put  on  the  screw—compelled  to  do  so  of  course  by  the  act  of  1844,  to  check  their  circulation  of  notes  in  proportion  ,  to  their  declin-  of  bullion—in  sii  weeks  (from  the  6th  of  September  to  the  18th  of  October)  they  raised  their  rates  7,  and  what  did  they  affect  by  it  ?—the  circulation  of  notes  actually  increased  £  540,000,  from  £20,104,000  to  £20,648,000,  whilst  the  bullion  on  the  con contrary,  trary, contrary,  continued  to  decrease  at  ac,more  rapid  rate  than  before.  But  how  fared  the  commercial  public  ?—every  banker  armed  himself  with  a  reserve,  and  parted  with  his  notes  so  grudgingly,  as  to  create  a  famine  in  the  midst  of  plenty.  The  average  circulation  of  the  bank  for  the  first  six  months  of  the  year  was  £19,672,000,  with  abundance  of  money  at  rates  steadily  declining  from  5  to  34  per  cent,—for  the  last  six  months  the  average  circulation  has  been  £19,985,000,  with  money  apparently  scarce  and  difficult  to  get,  at  advanced  rates  from  34  to  7  per  cent  and  the  stocks  of  produce  diminished  to  their  lowest  point.  But  this  is  only  half  the  picture,  for  not  only  has  the  actual  circulation  of  bank  notes  been  £310,000  greater,  but  from  the  moment  the  rate  of  discount  exceeded  5  per  cent  bankers'  bills  have  circulated  in  payments  of  every  kind,  to  a  much  greater  extent  than  bank  notes,  and  to  their  substitntion.  There  have  been  few  years  recently  when  the  commerce  of  the  country  has  gone  on  with  greater  uniformity  as  to  supply  and  demand.  Imports  and  exports  alike  steady  and  moderate—nndertrading  rather  than  overtrading—no  heavy  stocks  and  no  lengthened  speculations  :—if  then,  with  such  a  sound  state  of  things,  commerce  is  to  be  taxed  with  a  double  rate  of  interest,  what  may  we  expect  in  the  course  of  the  next  few  months—when  our  unusually  large  imports  of  cotton,  corn,  sugar,  &amp;c..  will  be  met  by  equally  l  arge  l  oans  ,  and  government  - STYLE=superscript  ,  demands  for  a  campaign  double  in  extent  of  what  we  have  yet  seen,  both  in  this  country  and  France  ?  and  how  far  will  the  bank  be  allowed  to  raise  the  rate  of  discount,  should  the  drain  of  gold  continue,  before  an  expedient  be  resorted  to,  to  relax  the  metallic  law  ?  The  bullion  has  again  decreased,  and  the  year  closes  at  £10,820,143;  reserve  of  notes  £5,963,850;  notes  in  circulation  £18,700,615.  'rom  32  per  cent.  t"
