text
"EVENING  SCHOOL  PRIZES.  Algebra,  Geometry,  and  Mensuration  :  Walter  Bathgate,  prize.  English  Grammar  and  Composition  :  C.  Loftus,  prize  .  )  ;J.  Davies,  c  er  tifi  ca  t  e  .  G  eogra  phy  :  W.  H  ump  h  reys  ,  certificate.  Proficiency  in  Arithmetic  :  Galletti,  certificate.  Improvement  in  Arithmeti  c  :  G.  T  r  i  m  bl  e  ,  p  r  i  ze  .  Profi Proficiency  ciency Proficiency  in  Penmanship  :  R.  Jones,  prize.  Ornamental  draw drawing  ing drawing  from  the  round  :  Clitherall,  prize.  Perspective  Draw Drawing  ing Drawing  :  Corkhill,  prize.  Landscape  Drawing  :  E.  Young,  prize  :  certificate,  Smith.  On  announcing  the  successful  competitor  for  the  Brown  scholarship,  The  Rev.  Mr.  Howsox  regretted  the  absence  of  Mr.  Brown  (who  had  not  at  this  time  arrived).  He  stated  this  was  the  fourth  scholarship  which  had  been  founded.  The  CHAIRMAN  regretted  that  his  amiable  friend,  Mr.  W.  Brown,  was  not  present.  (Hear,  hear).  Every  one  knew  him  ;  he  was  a  man  of  the  most  splendid  liberality  (cheers),  as  they  well  knew  in  this  community,  he  having  recently  given  no  less  a  sum  than  £6,000  for  the  advance advancement  ment advancement  of  useful  knowledge  amongst  us.  (Cheers).  Like Likewise,  wise, Likewise,  in  connection  with  that  institution,  he  had  been  a  most  liberal  benefactor  and  active  friend.  (Cheers).  He  had  given  every  encouragement  and  material  pecuniary  assistance  in  relieving  the  institution  from  its  debt  of  £B,OOO.  He  was  deserving  of  all  praise.  (Loud  applause).  When  delivering  the  prizes  for  penmanship,  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  they  might  very  possibly  re remember  member remember  what  the  Bishop  said  on  a  former  occasion  relative  to  the  embarrassment  caused  him  by  not  being  able  to  de decipher  cipher decipher  letters  sent  him  by  his  clergy.  This  was  a  sad  stumbling-block  in  the  way  of  reading  letters  ;  and  good  I  writing  was  of  the  utmost  importance  to  correspondence.  I  He  hoped  they  would  all  study  good  clear  penmanship,  so  as  to  make  themselves  clearly  understood.  [At  this  stage  of  the  proceedings  Mr.  William  Brown  came  on  the  platform  and  was  loudly  cheered.]  The  CR/LINA/di,  in  presenting  the  prizes  to  the  pupils  who  attend  evening  schools,  observed  that  the  great  defect  of  their  educational  institutions  was  that  they  so  soon  lost  sight  of  young  persons.  (Hear,  hear,)  Unhappily  in  a  great  commercial  community  like  this—and  indeed  in  all  commu communities  nities communities  in  this  busy  bustling  nation  —young  persons  were  too  soon  taken  from  the  valuable  course  of  training  theyjunderwent  in  their  institutions,  and  were  plunged  into  danger  in  a  dangerous  world  before  they  had  sufficient  wisdom  to  know  how  to  guide  themselves  ;  and  it  was  satisfactory  to  them  to  perceive  that  those  who  had  been  trained  in  this  institution  retained  a  disposition  to  continue  the  knowledge  they  had  acquired.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  very  satisfactory  indeed  to  find  the  young  men  who  were  engaged  in  the  same  occu occupations  pations occupations  during  the  day,  had  the  spirit,  and  resolution,  to  devote  time  to  the  continued  acquirements  of  knowledge.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (the  chairman)  was  glad  to  find  there  was  such  a  number,  and  it  is  with  the  greatest  possible  satisfaction  he  was  enabled  to  present  those  prizes.  (Cheers.)  The  hymn  commencing  Almighty  God,  in  humble  prayer  to  thee  our  souls  we  was  then  sung.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Howson  said  their  next  business  was  an  endowment  of  a  different  kind.  For  some  two  or  three  years  past  the  old  pupils  of  the  upper  school  had  been  in  the  habit  of  giving  prizes  to  the  successful  writers  of  English  essays  ;  but  until  the  present  year  this  arrangement  had  not  assumed  a  legitimate  form.  The  kindly  feelings  of  the  old  pupils  of  the  upper  school  towards  this  institution,  with  a  view  of  instituting  a  valu valuable  able valuable  prize,  had  caused  them  to  raise  a  tolerable  fund.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  held  in  his  hand  a  book  of  the  rules  agreed  upon,  and  he  would  just  read  two  or  three  rules  which  would  be  sufficient  to  put  the  meeting  in  possession  of  the  general  purposes  of  the  fund.  Rule  2.  That  the  in income  come income  arising  from  the  fund  or  such  part  thereof,  as  to  the  trustees  shall  seem  proper,  shall  be  applied  in  the  purchase  of  a  medal,  books,  or  other  suitable  testimonial,  which  shall  annually  at  Christmas  be  given  to  a  pupil  of  the  upper  cel cellegiate  legiate cellegiate  school  as  a  prize  for  the  best  essay  in  English  l  com composition,  position, composition,  whetherin  prose,  or  verse,  upon  a  subject  to  be  approved  by  the  trustees.  And  the  trustees  may,  if  they  think  it  expedient,  print  any  prize  essay  at  the  expense  of  the  fund.  Rule  4.  That  in  case  the  fund  shall  at  any  time  hereafter  accumulate,  so  as  to  produce  an  annual  income  adequate  for  the  purpose,  the  trustees  shall  instead  of  ap applying  plying applying  the  income  as  directed  by  rule  2,  apply  such  income  in  the  maintenance  of  a  scholarship  at  the  upper  school,  such  scholarship  to  be  given  as  a  premium,  in  the  place  of  and  in  like  manner  as  the  annual  prize  mentioned  in  rule  2.  Those  old  pupils  had  thus  shown  a  marked  regard  to  the  institu institution,  tion, institution,  very  honorable  to  themselves,  and  respectable  towards  those  who  might  come  after  them.  Nothing,  then,  remained  but  the  reading  of  the  list  of  prizes  and  honourable  distinc distinctions.  tions. distinctions.  The  list  of  prizes  &amp;c.,  were  then  read  in  extenso.  Mr.  T.  B.  HORSFALL,  M.P.,  said  :  The  proceedings  hav having  ing having  now  been  brought  to  a  close,  I  have  been  requested  to  discharge  a  very  brief,  but  a  very  pleasing  duty,  one  in  which  lam  sure  you  will  all  most  cordially  unite.  Those  who  know  the  value  of  the  assistance  and  advice  of  our  excellent  rector,  in  any  undertaking,  will,  I  am  sure,  appreciate  the  good  services  which  he  has  rendered  to  this  institution  from  its  very  commencement.  And,  I  am  sure  we  have  all  lis listened  tened listened  with  the  greatest  satisfaction  to  the  observations  with  which  he  has  favoured  us  to-day,  not  only  in  the  an announcement  nouncement announcement  of  the  fact  that  the  institution,  which  last  year  was  £B,OOO  in  debt,  is  this  year  entirely  free  from  debt.  (Applause.)  But,  lam  sure,  we  must  have  heard  with  in infinite  finite infinite  pleasure  and  delight  the  admirable  observations  with  which  he  has  favored  us  on  the  subject  of  education  gene generally.  rally. generally.  (Applause).  It  only  remains  for  me  to  ask  you  to  thank  our  excellent  rector,  not  only  for  his  services  on  this  day,  but  for  the  valuable  and  efficient  services  which  he  has  ever  rendered  to  the  Collegiate  Institution.  (Loud  cheers.)  Mr.  W.  BROWN,  M.P.,  in  seconding  the  motion,  said  :  In  every  word  which  has  been  addressed  to  you  by  Mr.  Horsfall  I  most  cordially  concur,  and  it  gives  me  great  plea pleasure  sure pleasure  to  be  called  upon  to  second  a  vote  of  thanks  to  our  excellent  chairman.  (Cheers.)  It  has  been  my  misfortune  not  to  be  here  sufficiently  early  to  listen  to  what  he  said,  and  to  take  part  in  the  interesting  proceedings  which  have  taken  place  ;  but  I  have  always  felt  confident  it  was  the  duty  of  every  man  in  whatever  position  of  life  he  may  be  placed,  to  endeavour,  as  far  as  possible,  to  promote  educa education  tion education  amongst  all  classes  in  this  country.  (Applause.)  It  makes  them  better  citizens,  better  subjects  ;  it  contributes  greatly  to  their  own  happiness  and  to  the  safety  of  the  country.  (Cheers.)  And  I  am  exceedingly  happy  to  find  that  our  excellent  rector,  and  your  excellent  principal  are  both  men  who  are  desirous  of  availing  themselves  of  every  improvement  in  education  that  can  simplify  it,  and  make  it  easy  to  the  master  and  to  the  scholar.  (Hear,  hear.)  You  can  hardly  sufficiently  appreciate  the  advantages  that  you,  young  gentlemen  have  over  those  of  half  a  century  past.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  trust  then,  you  will  avail  yourselves  of  them,  in  order  that  you  may  be  an  honour  to  the  position  in  society  in  which  you  are  placed,  and  a  comfort  to  your  parents  and  relatives.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  have  therefore  great  pleasure  in  seconding  the  motion  of  thanks  to  the  chairman.  (Applause.)  The  motion  was  carried  by  acclamation.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  am  much  obliged  to  you,  Mr.  Horsfall  and  Mr.  Brown,  for  the  kind  manner  in  which  you  have  spoken  of  me;  and  to  you  for  the  favour  with  which  you  have  received  it.  At  the  same  time,  without  any  affectation  of  humility,  I  do  not  consider  myself  entitled  to  any  praise  for  promoting  the  success  of  such  an  institution  as  this,  so  valu valuable  able valuable  in  itself,  and  so  interesting  to  me,  as  promoting  the  cause  of  sound  religious  education  amongst  the  population,  in  which  lam  bound  to  take  such  a  deep  interest.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  agree  most  perfectly  with  Mr.  Brown,  in  thinking  education  is  that  to  which  we  ought  to  direct  our  most  earnest  and  undivided  attention  in  the  present  day.  (Applause.)  We  ought  not—we  cannot  hope  for  social  comfort  without  it.  It  is,  I  believe,  to  the  advancement  and  the  improvement  of  education  in  every  mode,  particularly  in  connection  with  re religion,  ligion, religion,  we  are  to  look  for  the  peace  and  permanent  prosperity  of  the  empire  ;  and  as  Mr.  Brown  says,  the  advantages  offered  to  you  all  in  the  present  day  are  inestimable.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  is  wonderful  what  an  increase  of  advantages  there  is  offered  to  young  men  in  the  present  day,  in  the  acquisition  of  knowledge.  (Hear,  hear.)  With  respect  to  one  of  the  branches  of  history,  to  which  much  attention  has  been  paid  during  the  last  session,  I  allude  to  the  history  of  the  Anglo-  Saxon  period,  one  of  the  earliest  ages  of  this  nation,  and  I  will  refer  with  reference  to  the  history  of  Alfred  the  Great,  one  of  the  greatest  men  history  presents  to  our  view.  (Hear,  hear.)  One  of  the  anecdotes  related  of  him  is,  that  he  was  12  years  before  a  schoolmaster  could  be  found  capable  of  teaching  him  his  alphabet.  What  an  inestimable  advantage  it  is  that  all  of  you  possess,  when  you  consider  how  many  good  schoolmasters  you  have,  that  are  capable  of  teaching  you  almost  all  the  alphabets  of  the  known  world.  (Applause.)  And  when  you  consider  Alfred,  as  a  warrior,  and  see  that  he  was  one  of  the  most  learned  men  of  the  an,  the  pursuit  of  knowledge  under  difficulties  was  never  more  exemplified  than  in  the  career  of  that  illustrious  man.  I  hope  you  will  set  this  great  man  before  you  as  an  example  ;  and  all  those  great  men  who  under  the  great  es  t  diffi  cu  l  t  i  es  an  d  opposition  de devoted  voted devoted  their  undivided  a  tt  en  ti  on  to  t  h  e  pursuit  of  knowledge  connectionin  .  with  religi  on  .  (A  pp  l  ause.)  I  thank  you  for  the  compliment  you  have  paid  me  ;  but  think  it  is  merely  my  duty  to  promote  the  success  of  the  institution.  (Loud  applause.)  The  Rev.  Dr.  31‘1'sTEILE  then  rose  and  was  l  ou  dl  y  cheered.  He  said  :—My  young  friends,  ladies  and  gentlemen,  it  is  my  privilege  now  to  give  you  a  further  opportunity  of  showing  how  you  value  the  encouragement  to  be  derived  from  the  countenance  given  by  the  presence,  on  this  occasion,  of  gen gentlemen  tlemen gentlemen  of  station  and  position  in  the  town.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  admire  the  manner  in  which  your  principal  has  managed  to  give  a  practical  exhibition  of  the  union  of  church  and  state  here.  (Laughter.)  He  has  selected  our  two  statesmen  to  propose  a  vote  of  thanks  to  our  Rector,  and  now  he  calls  on  a  churchman  to  propose  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  Mayor.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  Our  excellent  chief  magistrate,  as  you  know,  is  amongst  us  ;  and  I  wish  just  to  observe  that  he  presides  over  the  administration  of  the  laws  in  our  town.  But  I  hope,  and  I  may  say  to  you,  those  laws  were  not  made  for  you,  on  the  apostolical  principle  that  law  is  not  made  for  righteous  men,  but  for  the  lawless  and  dis 'disobedient.'  One  of  our  great  statesmen  has  said,  that  man  is  qualified  for  the  enjoyment  of  political  liberty  who  has  not  learnt  to  put  a  willing  restraint  on  his  personal  (Hear,  hear.)  Unf  or  t  una  t  e  ly  th  ere  areindi areindividuals  viduals areindividuals  in  all  communities  who  have  not  learned  to  put  the  necessary  willing  restraint  on  their  personal  liberty.  On  the  boundary  line  between  those  persons  and  the  mass  of  the  peaceful  community,  our  chief  magistrate,  and  those  under  his  command,  preside,  for  coercion  on  the  one  side,  and  preservation  on  the  other.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  hope  you  will  always  be  on  the  side  claiming  pre preservation  servation preservation  for  peace,  and  never  requiring  coercion  to  guard  you  against  a  breach  of  the  peace.  (Applause.)  And  if  you  ask  me  how  far  I  think  you  should  keep  from  the  boun boundary  dary boundary  line,  I'll  tell  you  a  story  about  a  gentlemen  engaging  a  coachman.  (Hear,  hear.)  There  were  three  who  came  to  him,  and  he  asked  the  first,  How  near  can  you  drive  to  the  wheel  of  a  waggon,  and  not  feel  afraid  Well,  sir,  I  think  I  would  go  within  two  He  asked  the  second,  What  do  you  think  I  think  I  would  go  within  an  inch  and  a  half  of  And  he  asked  the  third,  What  would  you  do  Please,  sir,  I  wou  ld  k  eep  as  f  ar  away  as  I  are  the  man  for  me.  (Loud  ap applause  plause applause  and  laughter.)  And  now,  in  conclusion,  I  wish  you  to  have  an  opportunity  to  express  in  a  way  suitable  to  the  mayor  of  Liverpool  to  receive,  and  in  a  way  congenial  for  a  set  of  school  boys,  on  the  first  day  of  the  holidays,  to  give,  not  a  show  of  hands,  but  with  heart  and  mouth,  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  mayor.  (Immense  applause.)  Mr.  .ADAM  HODGSON  had  cordial  pleasure  in  seconding  the  motion.  They  were  deeply  indebted  to  the  mayor  for  his  kindness  in  coming  up  here  to-day.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  he  could  not  but  think  there  would  be  many  opportu opportunities  nities opportunities  during  the  present  year  in  which  they  should  have  to  tender  him  their  warmest  thanks  for  more  arduous  duties  and  self-denial  than  he  had  exercised  in  being  present  on  an  occasion  so  gratifying  to  them  all.  He  had  come  to  see  a  number  of  youths  assembled  on  that  platform  to  receive  the  reward  of  merit,  and  he  would  sympathise  most  cordially  in  the  gratification  of  those  who  by  their  exertions  obtained  the  rewards  they  had  received.  They  had  all  sympathised  with  them,  but  there  was  a  large  class  among  the  boys  to  whom  their  sympathies  were  equally  extended.  He  meant  that  large  class  who  had  had  the  determination  and  courage,  after  they  had  seen  there  was  no  chance  for  them,  from  various  circumstances,  of  obtaining  first  distinctiots  Iri  the  shape  of  prizes,  still  were  pursuing  with  a  teadi  ness  and  resolution  those  exertions  by  which  they  were  to  attain  that  knowledge  for  which  they  were  as assembled  sembled assembled  in  those  schools.  (Hear,  hear).  He  remembered  it  was  said  by  one  of  their  most  eminent  divines,  and  one  who  had  been  much  connected  with  the  education  of  young  men,  that  he  could  take  off  his  hat  to  the  boy  who  with  an  honest  industrious  purpose,  with  !poor  abilities,  had  still  gone  on  labouring  to  the  best  of  his  ability,  and  who  some sometime  time sometime  obtained  the  same  proficiency  in  those  studies  for  which  others  ,were  receiving  more  distinguished  rewards.  (Hear,  hear).  lie  (Mr.  Hodson)  could  take  off  his  hat  to  those  hundreds  of  boys,  who  although  not  signalised  by  any  commendation  or  prize,  had  still  gone  on  labouring  indefati indefatigably  gably indefatigably  in  their  several  classes,  night  after  night,  and  day  after  day,  pursuing  their  tasks,  uncheered  by  any  hope  of  a  prize,  but  for  the  simple  desire  to  acquire  that  substantial  benefit  which  their  education  could  confer  upon  them—from  the  desire  of  enjoying  the  deep  gratification  of  giving  pleasure  to  their  parents  and  domestic  circles,  and  above  all  from  a  desire  to  please  God  in  the  discharge  of  that,  which  at  this  period  of  life,  was  one  of  the  most  prominent  and  obvious  duties.  (Applause).  In  reference  to  this  Mr.  Hodson  remarked  that  it  was  not  at  all  improbable  that  the  position  of  mayor  of  Liverpool,  and  that  of  rector,  might  be  filled  by  some  of  those  boys  who  were  now  un undistinguished.  distinguished. undistinguished.  He  next  alluded  to  the  principal,  who  had  been  labouring  to  attain  those  great  advantages,  especially  the  great  advantage  of  being  brought  out  of  debt.  (Hear,  hear).  He  was  not  then  going  to  express  his  sentiments  as  to  the  qualifications  of  their  esteemed  principal.  They  were  deeply  felt,  and  extensively  acknowledged  (hear.  hear)  ;  but  this  was  not  the  time  or  place  to  enter  into  the  subject.  He  could  not  sit  down  without  tendering  to  him  his  warmest  thanks  for  the  prodigious  efforts  he  had  made,  he  feared  at  great  expense  and  discomfort.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  knew  well  at  great  expense  to  his  health  to  redeem  the  institution  from  the  debt  under  which  it  was  labouring.  (Cheers).  They  could  not,  therefore,  separate  without  taking  the  opportu opportunity  nity opportunity  of  tendering  their  warmest  thanks  to  the  principal  for  his  extraordinary  and  successful  exertions  in  liquidating  the  debt  of  the  institution.  (Loud  applause).  The  vote  of  thanks  having  been  carried  by  acclamation  to  the  mayor,  His  Woasnip  thanked  the  learned  doctor  for  the  kind  manner  in  which  he  had  presented  his  name  to  the  assembly,  and  also  to  his  young  friends  for  the  kind  manner  in  which  they  had  received  it.  He  assured  them  it  afforded  him  much  pleasure  to  be  present  on  this  occasion,  and  he  must  con congratulate  gratulate congratulate  those  who  had  taken  so  much  interest  in  the  boys'  welfare,  that  was  the  principal  and  those  connected  with  him,  in  advancing  the  prosperity  of  the  institution  at  the  present  time.  (Hear,  hear.)  Nothing  was  more  convinc convincing  ing convincing  of  its  prosperity  than  the  increase  of  numbers  that  had  flocked  into  the  institution,  as  referred  to  by  the  rev.  chair chairman  man chairman  at  the  opening  of  the  proceedings.  (Hear,  hear).  It  was  gratifying  to  himself,  and  he  was  sure  it  would  be  to  the  inhabitants  of  this  great  commercial  emporiumn  that  foreign  languageswere  now  more  attended  to.  He  could  only  give  an  instance  that  had  occurred  to  himself  within  the  last  few  days  to  show  that  rapid  communication  between  countries  brought  them  into  very  frequent  contact  with  foreigners.  On  Wednesday  last  a  young  friend  of  his  from  Frankfort,  in  Germany,  came  to  Liverpool  merely  to  see  its  docks  ;  and  he  (the  mayor)  had  also  with  him  a  couple  of  young  friends  from  Naples,  who  had  been  over  in  America,  and  who  had  arrived  byithe  last  packet;  and  he  (the  mayor)  had  the  gratifi gratification  cation gratification  of  seeing  at  his  table,  onWednesday  ;evening,  his  young  friends,  the  one  from  Frankfort,  and  the  other  from  America,  who  had  been  previously  acquainted  at  Frankfort.  This  only  showed  that  the  study  of  foreign  languages  was  most  essen essential,  tial, essential,  and  particularly  to  those  in  a  great  commercial  com community.  munity. community.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  would  be  interesting  to  parents  to  see  so  many  boys  obtain  prizes  at  the  hands  of  the  chair chairman.  man. chairman.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  could  not  sit  down  without  thank thanking  ing thanking  them,  and  offering  his  warmest  acknowledgments  to  the  principal  of  the  institution,  who  had  kindly  invited  him  on  this  interesting  occasion.  (Applause.)  The  CHAIRMAN  rejoiced  that  the  labours  and  services  which  the  principal  and  his  masters  had  rendered  during  the  last  half-year,  had  been  referred  to  by  Mr.  Hodson,—ser Hodson,—services  vices Hodson,—services  most  important,  most  embarrassing,  full  of  anxiety,  and,  only  to  be  rewarded  by  the  answer  of  a  good  conscience  to towards  wards towards  God  ;  and  by  the  satisfaction  they  must  experience  in  finding  so  many  young  - STYLE=superscript  persons  committed  to  their  care,  striving  to  benefit  by  the  good  instruction  they  have  given  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  His  services  were  most  valuable,  and  more  particularly  so,  as  Mr.  Howson  first  instigated  the  exertions  which  had  been  attended  with  such  success  in  re-  lieving  the  institution  from  debt.  (Cheers.)  They  were  all  most  deeply  indebted  to  him,  and  he  took  that  opportu opportunity  nity opportunity  of  returning  him  his  (the  rector's)  grateful  thanks  for  the  services  he  had  rendered.  (Loud  applause.)  The  Rev.  Mr.  HowsoN,  who  was  loudly  cheered,  said  he  came  there  that  day  determined  to  say  as  little  as  possible,  but  he  thought  that  it  would  be  felt  by  all  that  it  was  neces necessary  sary necessary  he  should  endeavour  to  acknowledge  the  kind  expres expressions  sions expressions  that  had  fallen  from  the  mayor,  the  rector,  and  his  friend  Mr.  Hodgson.  (Hear,  hear.)  If  he  returned  his  acknowledgments  in  a  very  cl  ums  y  an  d  aw  k  war  d  manner,  he  hoped  they  would  forgive  a  schoolmaster  very  tired  at  the  cud  of  half  a  yoar,  who  nova,.  fnund  it  eas  i  to  make  a  speech  unless  he  had  made  some  preparation,  tiear,  and  applause.)  Now,  with  regard  to  the  debt,  e  certainly  knew  the  success  which  had  been  achieved,  was  a  great  one  ;  he  knew  the  burthen  that  debt  was—he  believed  no  one  knew  so  well.  (Hear,  hear.)  Therefore  he  was  deeply  sen sensible  sible sensible  of  the  relief.  Instead  of  owing  £B,OOO,  they  were  now  in  as  free  a  position  as  any  parson  or  institution  could  pos possibly  sibly possibly  be.  (Cheers.)  But,  he  thought,  it  would  be  wrong  of  him  to  allow  credit  to  be  heaped  on  his  own  head,  as  if  he  alone  had  done  the  work.  He  might,  perhaps,  take  credit  to  himself  for  two  things  'When  he  came  to  the  institution,  after  his  appointment,  he  learned  the  amount  of  the  debt,  and  he  made  up  his  mind  that  the  debt  should  be  paid  off.  He  entered  on  his  duties  with  that  resolution  firmly  im impressed  pressed impressed  on  his  mind,  and  if  he  were  baffled  in  his  first  at attempt,  tempt, attempt,  he  would  make  a  second,  and  if  that  failed,  so  long  as  he  was  honoured  with  the  confidence  of  the  directors,  he  never  would  let  the  matter  rest.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Howson)  did  not  mean  to  say  that  in  any  .  boastful  spirit,  be because  cause because  that  resolution  was  associated  with  a  plain  sense  of  duty;  and  he  hoped  the  success  of  this  determination  would  be  an  encouragement  to  pupils  when  they  had  difficult  tasks  before  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  the  second  place  he  took  credit  for  patient  perseverance,  and  having  said  that,  he  ex expressed  pressed expressed  all  that  was  due  to  him.  He  mild  not  express  the  gratitude  he  felt  to  the  trustees  and  life  governors  of  that  institution;  he  must  not  mention  names,  but  he  could  single  out  three  or  four  whose  exertions  had  been  immense  in  this  work.  (Hear,  hear.)  His  thanks,  and  the  thanks  of  the  institution,  were  due,  not  only  to  them,  but  to  a  great  num number  ber number  of  wealthy  citizens,  who  had  come  forward  in  a  noble  way  to  relieve  the  institution.  (Hear,  hear.)  Before  he  sat  down,  he  must  express  his  thanks  to  three  other  classes  of  the  community.  He  had  spoken  of  the  directors,  the  life  governors,  and  the  merchants.  He  was  glad  the  rector  spoke  of  him  only  as  one  of  the  masters.  It  would  be  most  pain painful  ful painful  to  him  to  be  singled  out  for  such  a  public  acknowledge acknowledgement,  ment, acknowledgement,  unless  it  were  distinctly  understood  he  was  only  one  of  the  masters,  and  that  they  were  all  co-operating  together  for  the  same  end;  and  whatever  beneficial  results  had  taken  place  in  the  school,  were  due,  not  to  him,  but  to  those  who  were  co-operating  together  along  with  hims  e  lf.  (Appl  ause  .)  Without  entering  into  the  interior  details  of  the  schools,  he  could  fairly  say  there  never  was  a  time  when  the  masters  were  co-operating  so  heartily  together  for  the  good  of  the  boys  committed  to  their  care,  and  he  was  convinced  a  future  year  would  show  the  result  of  this  disinterested  and  laborious  endeavour  on  their  .  parts.  (Loud  applause.)  Might  he  (Mr.  Howson)  be  permitted,  in  the  second  place,  to  thank  the  parents  of  the  pupils  in  those  schools.  He  had  been  there  now  nearly  five  years,  and  he  might  say  his  intercourse  with  the  parents  of  the  pupils  had  been  always  of  the  most  pleasing  and  encouraging  kind.  (Hear,  hear.)  Sometimes  it  was  said  to  him,  I  suppose  you  find  parents  very  unrea unreasonable  sonable unreasonable  ;  they  overrate  their  children,  and  give  you  perhaps  great  perplexity  by  supposing  you  do  not  do  them  Now,  he  wished  to  offer  his  public  thanks  to  the  parents  of  the  boys  in  those  schools,  and  to  express  his  strong  gratifi gratification  cation gratification  that  the  admirable  discipline,  the  good  conduct,  and  progress  of  those  boys  was  due  to  thei  r  h  omes  as  much  as  to  the  exertions  which  were  made  here.  (Loud  applause.)  And,  lastly,  he  really  felt  he  would  no  t  b  e  d  o  i  ng  h  is  d  u  t  y  ,  if  h  e  did  not  offer  his  thanks,  and  the  thanks  of  the  masters  to  the  boys  themselves.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  Boys  were  not  always  aware  how  much  they  might  add  to  the  comfort  of  the  master.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  he  felt  there  was  a  continual  improvement  in  the  discipline,  good  conduct,  and  diligence  of  the  boys  in  those  schools.  (Hear,  hear.)  This  had  been  expressed  to  him  by  many,  and  he  really  believed  it  was  just  ;  and  he  thought  the  credit  ought  to  be  given  where  credit  was  due,  not  only  to  the  masters,  but  to  the  boys  themselves.  (Applause.)  Dr.  M'Neile  had  told  them  an  anecdote  ;  he  only  wished  he  could  tell  an  anecdote  as  he  could.  (Laughter.)  When  speaking  on  this  subject  he  was  reminded  of  a  conversation  he  had  with  a  general  officer,  who  entered  the  army  at  the  age  of  fifteen,  in  the  last  century,  and  who  had,  consequently,  been  serving  their  monarchs  for  some  fifty  years.  He  (Mr.  Howson)  said  to.  him,  often  struck  me  as  a  surprising  thing,  consider considering  ing considering  the  great  variety  of  classes  of  people  in  various  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  from  the  midst  of  which  the  British  army  was  recruited,  that  they  made  the  best  soldiers  in  the  world.  I  suppose  they  must  have  admirable  The  general's  answer  was,  may  say  what  you  like  of  the  officers,  but  after  all,  the  men  ought  to  have  the  credit  ;  the  officers  make  blunders,  and  the  men  correct  (Cheers.)  It  would  not  do  for  him  (Mr.  Howson)  to  say  that  the  masters  made  blunders,  and  that  the  boys  corrected  them  (laughter)  ;  but  he  would  say  this—that  in  all  which  related  to  the  comfortable  working  of  the  school,  the  boys  had  as  much  to  do  with  it  as  the  masters  had;  and  they  could  contribute  to  the  credit  of  their  insti institution,  tution, institution,  and  to  its  name  in  town  and  in  the  country  more  than  they  were  individually  aware  of.  He  believed  that  feeling  was  created  in  the  scholars,  and  with  few  exceptions,  there  was  not  a  boy  present  who  would  do  anything,  or  be  suspected  of  doing  anything  dishonourable  to  the  Collegiate  Institution.  (Loud  and  continued  applause.)  The  MAYOR  :  My  friends  I  cannot  part  from  you  without  wishing  you  a  happy  Christmas,  and  many  happy  and  pros prosperous  perous prosperous  years.  (Cheers.)  The  National  Anthem  was  then  sung,  and  the  proceedings  of  the  day  terminated.  The  British  and  North  American  royal  mail  steam-ship  Africa  sails  from  the  Mersey  this  forenoon,  with  the  usual  mails  and  passengers."
