text
"JJ  u  tpil  entry,  either  laden  or  in  ballast,  shall  be  exempt  from  the  payment  of  tonnage  dues  on  entering  or  leaving  French  parts.  On  coming  without  cargoes  from  British  ports  they  will  be  bject,  as  heretofore,  to  •  the  Payment  of  lf.  per  ton  on  their  , STYLE=superscript  registered  measurement  A  decree  in  the  Monitegr  fixes  the  import  duty  on  sugar  as  follows  :,--Sugar  of  a  ,colour  equal  to  the  present  first-type'  by.  French  vessels  from  the  French  colonies  beyond  the  Caps  of  Good  Hope;  and  NM:America,  the  present'  duties  ,•  by  . STYLE=superscript  French  vessels  from  China;  Cochin  dliina,  the'  Philippines,  and  Siam,  45fr.  the  100  kilogrammes  ;  from  other  parts  of  India,  47fr.';  froth  other  places  out  of  Europe,  50fr.  ;  from  the  Entrepots,  (Mfr.;  by•  foreign  vessels,  Oft%  Sugar  of  a  colour  superiOr  to  the  present  first  type,  the  same  duties  as  above abovementioned,  mentioned, abovementioned,  with  an  addition  of  3fr.  per  100  kilogrammes.  ,  Another  detachment  from  the  Sappeur-Pompiers  (firemen)  of  Paris,  composed  of  a  lieutenant  and  70  men,  has  just  left  for  the  East,  to  reinforce  the  company  of  that  corps  now  in  that  quarter.  The  . STYLE=superscript  Journal  des  Debats  ,  contains  an.article,  by  M.  de  Lacy,  on,  the  arrival  of  Count  ,Esterhazy  at  St.  Petersburg,  and  the  passible  answer  of  Russia  to  the  Austrian  communication.  Count  Esterhazy,  it  appears,  arrived  at  St.  Petersburg  on  the  24th,  and  on  the  27th  had  an  interview  with  Count  Nessel  rode,  at  which  he  delivered  to  him  the  communica communication  tion communication  from  the  Court  of  Vienna:—M.  de  Nesselrode  listened  to  the  propositions  of  M.  de  Esterhazy  with withnut  nut withnut  showing  any  emotion,  and  did  not  .  interrupt  the  Austrian  Minister;  simply  saying,  '!  I  will  take  the  orders  of  the  Emperor.  Letters  from  Berlin  state  that,  according  to•his  instructions,  Count  Ester Esterhazy  hazy Esterhazy  Will  wait  eight  days  (that  is  until  the  4th  of  January—yesterday)  for  the  Russian  reply.  If  that  is  not  delivered  by  the  4th,  Count•  Esterhazy  send  to  Count  :Nesselrode  a  note  reminding  him  of  his  communication  of  the  27th  of  December,  and  urging  upon  him  to  declare  the  resolution  -of  the  Emperor  Alexander,  giving  a  fresh  interval  of  ten  days  for  the  reply;to  this  second  communication  If  the  Russian  governmentpersist  in  not  replying;  'Count  •Esterhazy•will,  on  the  15th  of  January,  quit  St.'  Petersburg  and  return  to.  Vienna,  with  all  the  staff  of  the,  Austrian  Legation.  But  the  Berlin  writers  are  persuaded  that  Russia  will  send  a  reply  before  the  15th,  and  perhaps  before  .the  4th  of  January.  The  Debats  indicates  that  Russia  will  consent  to  the  neutralisation  of  the  Black  but  with  conditions  being  those  already  intimated  in  the  Russian  circular  of  the  22nd  of  December  !  The  Debats  gives  the  arguments  of  the  partisarisnf  Russia,  who  hold  that  these  conditions  are  the  same  as  those  mentioned  by  M.  Drouyn  de  Lhuvs  at  the  Vienna  conferences,  and  afterwards  formulated  by  Austria,  but  points  out,  in  reply,  the  arguments  which  -rest,  on  the  events  of  the  war  since  accomplished.  Those  events  indicate  the  only  safe  solution  :  Military  preparations  must  - STYLE=superscript  dis disappear;  appear; disappear;  from  the  shores,  of-  the  Black  ,  Sea,  -No  more  military  Tosts,  no  more  arsenals,  no  more  fortifications,  no  more  trenches,  and  above  a  ll,  consular  agents  to  protect  commerce  and  to  watch  closely  the-  execution  of  new  The  Debats  says,,in  conclusion,  that  th.e:'best  autriori autriorities  ties autriorities  have  .no  hope  of  a  successful  issue  to  the  nre-  t  negociations  RUSSIA  The  Nord,  of  Brussels,,  publishes  a  Berlin  cor correspondence,  respondence, correspondence,  which  gives  the  following  analysis  of  the.  Russian  Circular  of  the  22nd  December.  It  commence  by  giving  .you  textually  the  an announcement  nouncement announcement  (notice)  annexed  to  the  despatch,  and  which  runs  as  follows  The  Emperor  Consents  that:  the  third  point  shall  be  solved  (resodu)  by  the,  followina  combina combinations:—  tions:— combinations:—  I.  The  closing  of  the  Straits  2.  No  military  flag  whatever  shall  float  in  the  Black  Sea,  with  the  exception  of  the  forces  which  Russia  and  the  Porte  by  a  - STYLE=superscript  common  consent  may  deem  itneeessary  to,maintain  there.  3.  The  amount  of  those  forces  shall  be  fixed  by  a  direct  agreement  between  the  two  coasting  Powers,  without.any  ostensible  participation  of  the  other  Powers.  The  following  is  an  exact  analysis,  I  might  almost  say,  the  reproduction,  of  the  despatch  itself.  which  must  actually  be  in  the  hands  'of  all  the  Govern=  ments  to  which  it  is  addressed  :  The  Imperial  Cabinet  first  states  that  the  mo momentary  mentary momentary  interruption  of  hostilities  in  consequence  of  the  bad  weather  has  necessarily  aroused  the  general  hope  that  advantage  would  be  taken  of  it  for  the  establishment  of  peace,  and  decfares  it  was  not  the  last  to  share  the  sentiment  and  to  devote  a  just  so!icitude  to  it.  It  owns  frankly  that  the  desire  expressed  by  the  Emperor  of  the  French  at  a  public  solemnity,  in  favour  of  a  prompt  and  durable  peace,  was  at  .the  same  time,  and  still  is  the  dearest  wish  of  the  Emperor  Alexander.  The  elevated  policy  which  has  been  bequeathed  to  this  Sovereign  by  his  predecessors  makes  it  his  duty  to  make  use  of  the  power  which  God  has  placed  in  his  hands  only  for  the  good  of  mankind,  and  consequently  to  desire  peace,  not  only  in  the  interests  of  his  own  subjects,  but  in  those  also  of  the  whole  of  Europe.  The  Emperor  Alexander  has  not  waited  for  the  present  moment  to  endea endeavour  vour endeavour  to  attain  that  object.  On  his  accession  to  the  throne  he  gave  his  full  and  entire  consent  to  the  bases  admitted  by  his  august  father.  .These  bases.  however,  admit  of  different  inter.  pretations.  The  Emperor,  without  hesitation,  gave  them  the  most  liberal  interpretation  •  (leur  donna  les  plus  larges  developenients).  As  a  proof  thereof  he  can  quote  the  frank  and  loyal  concur concurrence  rence concurrence  which  he  lent  to  the  modifications  to  be  introduced  into  the  political  system  of  the  East,  and  to  the  collecti  v  e  guarantee  which  was  to  ass  ure  its  .  independence..'  even  went  so  far  as  to  sacrifice  his  secular  and  glorious  traditions.  He  finally  proved  the  sincerity  of  his  resolutions  by  the  .manner  w  ith  which  he  adopted  the  chang  es  proposed  for  the  Principalities  of  the  Danube  and  for  the  navigation  of  that  river.  If  the  conferences  were  broken  off  on  the  subject  of  the  third  point,  the  responsibility  thereof  does  not  fall  upon  the  Imperial  Cabinet,  for  when  the  Austrian  Cabinet  brought  forward  the  solution  which  appeared  to  it  most  acceptable,  it  was  the  Russian  Plenipotentiary  who  declared  it  suscep susceptible  tible susceptible  of  becoming  the  starting  point  (point  du  depart)  for  an  . STYLE=superscript  arrangement,  and  it  was  the  Ministers  :  of  the  adverse  party  who  rejected  it  in  consequence  of  internal  dissensions  which  had  arisen.  In  the  course  of  the  grave  events  which  ensued,  while  torrents  of  bllod  flowed,  and  the  two  belli  sacrifices  :I  thereby,  he  ag  as  his  enem  Lppeared  resolv  o  the  ite  the  right  of  mig  ?irit  of  ju  tice  and  of  conciliation,  which  for  nearly  half  a  century,  had  presided  over  the  destinies  of  Europe.  But  as  soon  as  information  reached  the  govern government  ment government  of  his  Majesty,  which  assured  him  that  his  enemies  were  disposed  to  take  up  again  (reprenclre  en  sous-teuvreithe  negotiations  of  peace  on  - STYLE=superscript  the  bases  of  the  four  points,  such  as  they.-had:  been  defined  in  the  Conferences,  the  Imperial  Cabinet  did  not  hesitate  to  .  come  forward  frankly,  to  meet,  those  peaceful  .  dispoSitions,  and  to  seek,  frankly,  a  pos possible  sible possible  solution  for  the  third  point  the  order  of-ideas  which  had  appeared.  satisfactory  to  all  parties.  r  will  give  a  The  tmpeiial  Cabinet  declares  'in  cnclusion,  that  this  resolution  of  the  Em  new,  pledge:  Of  the  sentiments  of  concilia,tion.  1  1  ready  to  mare  for  the  peace  of  the,  woi  ptits  his  trust  in  the  . STYLE=superscript  ithPartial  powers.  which"
