text
"an  insignificant  scale  The  Government  despatches  date,  nominally,  from  the  2d  inst.  from  Constantinople,  though  the  facts  which  they  disclose  are  only  brought  down  to  the  evening  of  the  Ist.  About  seven  o'clock  that  evening  the  batti-sheriff  of  the  SULTAN,  declaring  war  against  Russia,  was  signed  and  transmitted  to  the  ambassadors,  the  high  functionaries  of  state  and  to  OMER  PASHA.  This:disposed  at  once  of  the  attempts  of  the  British  and  French  ministers,  and  of  the  intrigues  of  the  first  dragoman  of  the  Rus Russion  sion Russion  embassy,  who  remains  in  Constontinople  to  procure  delay.  The  declaration,  however,  is  con conditional.  ditional. conditional.  The  Russian  commanders  are  first  to  be  called  upon  to  retire  from  the  Principalities  ;  if  they  refuse,  then  OMER  PASHA  is  to  commence  hostilities,  though  he  is  empowered  to  allow  a  time,  not  exceeding  14  days,  for  communication  with  St.  Petersburg.  So  much  for  what  has  transpired  in  London.  The  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chronicle,  who  receives  his  inspirations  from  the  department  of  M.  DROVE  DE  SHAYS,  says  in  his  letter  of  Tuesday  :  The  following  details  are  from  the  best  sources,  and  I  believe  that  I  can  guarantee  their  authenticity.  It  was  on  the  first  instant  that  the  Divan  came  to  the  resolutions  to  adopt  vigorous  measures  against  Russia,  and  the  following  measures  were  determined  on.  In  the  first  place,  the  Sultan  addressed  a  spirited  proclamation  to  his  peo people,  ple, people,  in  which  he  appealed  to  their  loyalty  and  spirit  of  inde independence.  pendence. independence.  The  document  is  of  the  most  warlike  character.  Secondly,  an  appeal  was  addressed  by  the  Sultan  to  the  Governments  of  France  and  England.  In  this  document  the  Sultan  gives  a  detailed  statement  of  his  case,  exposes  the  justice  of  the  cause  which  the  Porte  defends,  and  the  necessity  forced  upon  it  to  resist  the  aggressions  of  the  Czar,  and  finishes  by  demanding  not  only  the  moral  but  also  the  material  support  of  those  Powers  •  and,  in  the  third  place,  an  official  demand  was  addressed  by  the  Porte  to  the  ambassadors  of  England  and  France,  for  the  passage  of  the  fleets  of  the  two  nations  through  the  Dardanelles,  and  their  approach  to  Constantino Constantinople.  ple. Constantinople.  At  the  same  time  that  these  important  measures  were  adopted,  an  order  was  dispatched  by  the  Government  to  Omer_  Pacha,  directing  him  to  summon  General  Gortscha-  koff,  the  Russian  comniander-in-chief,  immediately  to  evacu evacuate  ate evacuate  the  principalities,  and  to  intimate  to  him  that,  in  the  event  of  a  refusal,  he  is  instructed  to  commence  hostilities.  If  General  Gortschakoff  should  answer  that  his  orders  will  not  allow  him  to  do  so  without  referring  the  question  to  his  Sovereign,  Omer  Pacha  is  directed  to  give  reasonable  time  for  the  reception  of  an  answer  from  St.  Petersburg.  But  if,  on  the  contrary,  General  Gortschakoff  should  at  once  and  positively  refuse  to  evacuate  the  provinces,  Omer  Pacha  is,  in  that  case,  directed  to  commence  hostilities,  to  the  intent  of  giving  the  Russians  all  the  annoyance  in  his  power,  burning  their  ships  and  boats  on  the  Danube,  interrupting  their  communications,  &amp;c.  It  is,  however,  specially  directed  in  no  case  to  pass  the  Danube  wit'iout  further  orders.  From  this  it  will  be  se  en  that  the  Government  of  the  Sultan  has  not  only  determined  to  defend  the  independence  of  his  dominions,  but  that,  as  the  refusal  of  General  Gorts-  chakoff  is  a  matter  of  certainty,  the  war  may  be  considered  as  having  already  commenced.  It  is  important  to  re remark  mark remark  that  this  vigorous  step  has  been  adopted  by  the  Porte  without  any  reference  to  any  support  it  might  look  for  on  the  part  of  its  allies.  In  point  of  fact,  the  whole  of  these  proceedings  were  adopted  under  the  impression,  which  has  for  some  time  past  been  prevalent  in  ',Constantinople,  that  no  dependence  was  to  be  placed  on  the  support  of  the  Western  Powers,  for,  at  the  time  the  Divan  met  and  resolved  upon  the  declaration  of  war,  it  was  not  yet  known  that  the  English  and  French  Governments  were  now  of  opinion  that  the  resistance  of  Turkey  to  the  Vienna  note  was  legitimate,  and  that  France  and  England  were  determined  to  support  her  with  their  It  certainly  could  not  be  known  at  Constanti Constantinople-on  nople-on Constantinople-on  the  Ist  that  the  allied  cabinets  of  England  and  France  had  determined  to  support  Turkey  with  their  fleets,  and,  if  necessary,  by  a  military  force.  Still  the  fact  is,  that  about  the  24th  or  25th  this  determination  was  taken;  and,  on  the  27th,  orders  simultaneously  left  London  and  Paris  for  Admiral  DUNDAB  and  HAWELIN  to  conduct  the  squadron  under  their  command  before  Canstantinople.  At  the  time  we  write,  those  squadrons  are  in  the  sea  of  Marmora,  whilst  eight  or  nine  ships  belonging  to  the  Turco-Egyptian  squadron  have  entered  the  Black  Sea,  where  it  is  not  at  all  improbable  they  may  come  into  collision  with  the  naval  force  of  Russia  in  those  waters.  At  present,  then,  there  is  every  reason  to  antici anticipate  pate anticipate  that  the  war  has  begun.  There  are  scarcely  any  serious  probabilities:of  the  state  quo  being  pre preserved.  served. preserved.  Perhaps  by  Saturday  there  may  be  a  telegraph  via  Trieste  or  Vienna  which  will  dissi dissipate  pate dissipate  uncertainty  in  this  respect.  In  the  meantime  all  the  advices  from  Prussia  and  Austria  uniformly  speak  of  the  pacific  views  of  the  CZA.R.  All  assertions  of  this  kind  from  these  quarters  must  be  receival  subject  to  considerable  distrust,  for  Austria  is  notoriously  under  Russian  influence,  and  aiding  in  Russian  intrigues,  whilst  throughout  Prussia,  the  press  has  received  orders  not  to  speak  anything  unpleasant  or  disagreeable  concerning  the  CZAR,  or  his  proceedings.  It  is  istated,  however,  that  the  CZAR  has  failed  in  his  attempts  to  patch  up  an  offensive  and  defensive  alliance  between  Russia,  Austria,  and  Prussia,  against  England  and  France.  A  Cabinet  Council  was  held  at  the  Foreign  Office  yesterday,  to  consider  the  dispatches  received  in  the  morning.  THE  Loss  OF  THE  ANNIE  JANE.—Yesterday  a  subscription  list  was  laid  upon  the  table  in  the  Underwriter's  Room,  for  the  relief  of  the  relatives  and  friends  of  the  suf sufferers  ferers sufferers  by  the  wreck  of  the  Annie  Jane.  The  Liverpool  Shipwreck  Humane.  Society  have  subscribed  Ten  guineas,  and  Mr.  Thomas  Holderness  Twenty  guineas.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING  Our  'advices  per  the  Arctic  from  New  York  are  three  days  later  than  those  received  per  the  Niagara.  The  commercial  intelligence  brought  by  this  mail  is  -of  the  greatest  importance:  The  following  is  the  circular  which  has  been  issued  by  the  Treasury  Department,  and  to  which  we  referred  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Of  Saturday  last  :  DEPARTMENT,  Tuesday;  Sept.  20,  1853,  SIR  :—The  increasing  revenue  and  accumulating  amount  of  money  in  the  treasury  render  it  most  probable  that  the  tariff  will  be  made  a  prominent  subject  of  discussion  and  examination  with  a  view  to  reduction,  during  the  approach approaching  ing approaching  session  of  Congress.  In  the  meantime,  and  at  as  early  a  day  as  may  be,  I  am  desirous  to  obtain  from  the  most  re reliable  liable reliable  sources  the  best  information  of  the  working  of  the  present  rates  of  duty  upon  the  leading  branches  of  industry  of  the  country,  and  of  the  effect  to  be  expected  from  the  proposed  modifications.  Understanding  that  you  take  an  interest  in  this  subject,  and  have  given  some  attention  to  it,  and  perhaps  have  been  in  situations  to  place  within  your  reach  very  valuable  infor information,  mation, information,  you  will  much  oblige  me  by  communicating  to  this  department  your  views  thereon,  and  by  furnishing  lists  of  articles  now  subject  to  duty,  which,  according  to  such  views,  should  be  duty  free,  and  of  such  other  articles  on  which  the  present  duty  should  be  reduced.  The  existing  tariff  having  been  designed  generally  and  substantially  for  revenue  and  for  a  fair  and  equal  operation,  both  between  the  various  sections  of  the  country  and  the  various  branches  of  industry,  the  same  objects  should,  un undoubtedly,  doubtedly, undoubtedly,  be  kept  in  view  ;  and  the  reductions,  if  any  shall  be  made,  should  be  so  arranged  as  to  afford  an  equal  participation  in  the  benefit  to  every  interest  and  to  every  section.  Articles  which  enter  into  our  manufactures,  and  those  which  do  not  come  into  competition  with  American  products,  are  those  about  which  there  will,  doubtless,  be  the  least  question.  Besides  these  objects  the  proposed  reduction  of  the  tariff  of  such  an  arrangement  as  will  afford  proportional  benefit  and  relief  to  every  portion  and  interest  of  the  'country,  there  is  another  which  ought  by  no  means  to  be  disregarded—l  mean,  to  abridge  the  labours  of  the  custom-houses.  This  object  will  be  consulted  by  adding  to  the  free  list  articles  of  general  consumption,  and  articles  paying  little  duty,  which,  but  for  this  consideration,  might  properly  be  made  subjects  ,  of  revenue.  I  am,  very  respectfully,  JAMES  GUTHRIE,  Secretary  of  the  The  fact  of  the  United  States  being  in  a  position  to  adopt  this  course,  bespeaks  not  only  her  own  prosperity,  but  also  promises  inculable  benefits  to  the  traders  and  manufacturers  of  this  country,  The  manner  in  which  the  proposal  has  been  brought  forward,  free  from  all  intrigue  or  party partytrickery,  trickery, partytrickery,  appealing  at  once  to  the  experience  and  good  sense  of  the  representatives,  leaves  little  room  for  doubt  as  to  the  success  of  the  proposed  alteration.  The  Stock  Market  had  fluctuated  considerably  ;  but  the  tendency  had  been  generally  to  advance.  Exchange  on  London  was  quoted  at  109  to  1091;  Paris,  5.124  5.13  ;  Hamburgh,  364  to  361;  Bremen,  791  to  80  The  best  Railway  bonds  were  in  demand.  Money  was  decidedly  more  easy,  and  was  plentiful  on  call.  First-class  securities;  at  6  to  7  per  cent.  Long  dates,  9,  10  and  12.  The  banks  were  still  acting  strigently  not  withstanding  the  cash  deposits  were  rapidly  accumulating,  The  Mint  was  not  issuing  coin  in  proportion  to  the  gold  received.  The  fol following  lowing following  is  a  comparative  statement  of  the  bullion  held  by  the  New  York  Banks,  and  the  Bank  of  England,  for  three  weeks.  SPECIE  IN  NEW  YORK  AND  LONDON  Bank  of  New  York.  Increase  England.  Decrease.  June  11...512,174,509  92,000,000  •  August  6...  9,746,452  .87,000,000  $5,000,000  August  13.  10,654,612  908,156  86,500,000  500,000  August  20.  11,092,552  437,934  85,500,000  1,000,000  August  27.  11,319,049  226,497  84,500,000  1,000,000  Sept.  3.  ...  11,468,049  82,500,000  2,000,000  These  figures  are  taken  from  the  latest  dates,  and  when  . STYLE=superscript  the  amounts  held'  by  the  New  York  Banks  are  added  to  the  30,000,000  dols,  in  the  Trea  sury  coffers,  we  find  that  the  States  possess  a  larger  amount  of  bullion  than  at  any  former  period.  The  Arctic  has  brought  24.1,863  dollars  in  specie.  The  foreign  dry  goods  market  at  New  York  was  in  the  most  prosperous  condition;  the  attendance  of  dealers  large,  and  the  utmost  confidence  of  a  large  and  increased  consumption  generally  prevailed.  The  exports  of  corn,  bread-stuffs,  and  provisions  to  Liverpool  for  the  week  were  very  large.  In  the  - STYLE=superscript  flour  and  meal  markets  the  transactions  were  not  large,  about  one-third  of  the  purchases  being  for  forward  delivery.  The  arrivals  had  been  moderate,  owing  to  the  late  break  in  the  canal;  hence  price's  had  been  well  supported,  with  only  a  moderate  shipping  inquiry  for  immediate  delivery,  but  a  fair  demand  for  the  future,  the  cur current  rent current  high  rates  of  freight  restricting  the  demand  for  English  markets,  but  for  France  there  was  little  abatement.  Much  of  that  going  to  Havre  was  purchased  to  arrive.  A  better  demand  had  prevailed  for  the  East,  and  the  local  trade,  especially  for  the  better  grades,  and  the  Ordinary,  Fancies,  and  Extras  were  difficult  of  sale  at  more  than  6i  to  18ic  above  the  prices  of  common  brands.  Further  advance  in  the  prices  of  provisions  was  anticipated  in  the  American  markets,  particularly  Beef.  In  the  Cotton  market  the  business  transacted  was  chiefly  for  expert.  The  quotations  of  last  week  were  renewed,  but  more  difficult  to  obtain,  not notwiths,tanding  withs,tanding notwiths,tanding  the  damage_said  to  have  taken  place  to  the  growing  crop.  The  agents  for  the  Austrian  Steam-boat  Com Company  pany Company  have  received  these  instructions  Please  to  inform  the  public  that  the  steamers  of  this  com company  pany company  have  ceased  plying  on  the  Lower  Danube  be below  low below  From  London  we  learn  that  the  Orpheus  has  arrived  in  the  Downs,  from  South  Australia.  Her  dates  are  to  the  13th  of  May.  She  brings  3,292  oz:  of  gold  on  freight,  which,  added  to  the  previous  arrivals,  makes  the  aggregate  amount  of  £125,168  of  gold  received  from  Australia  this  week.  The  advices  she  brings  from  New  Zealand  are  ex extremely  tremely extremely  satisfactory,  and  show  the  colony  to  be  in  a  healthy  condition,  as  to  both  her  revenue  and  trade.  The  London  market  was  easier  again  to-day.  Money  could  be  had  at  44  per  cent.  on  good  short  bills,  and  on  ordinary  paper  at  5  per  cent.  The  payment  of  the  dividends  will  commence  to-mor to-morrow,  row, to-morrow,  and  the  disbursement  of  from  five  to  six  mil millions  lions millions  must  necessarily  make  money  still  easier.  The  Stock  Market  fluctuated  considerably.  As  Much  as  24  per  cent.  has  been  given  for  the  put  and  of  Consols  at  present  prices,  for  Ist  Nov.  accounts.  Consols  for  money  and  time  were  done  at  914  to  91i  ;  914  4  for  ,cash  and  to-morrow.  The  Three  per  Cent  Reduced  90i  Three-and  a-Quarter  per  Cents.  at  924  to  93,  both  ex.  div.  Bank  Stock  for  money  217  ;  Exchequer  Bills  his.  to  95.,  and  India  Bonds  2s.  prm.  The  Foreign  Stock  market  was  flat,  with  little  prospect  of  revival.  Russian  Stock  is  quoted  113  for  the  Five  per  cents.,  and  974  for  the  Four-and-a-  Half  per  Cent.  Bonds.  In  the  share  market  the  sattlement  of  the  ac account  count account  appears  to  have  given  firmness  to  the  mar market.  ket. market.  It  is  generally  supposed  to  be  unfavourable  to  the  The  Liverpool  Share  market.  continues  inactive,  and  prices  can  only  be  said  to  be  nominal.  Some  reaction  may,  however,  be  anticipated,  seeing  the  number  of  circumstances  that  concur  to  increase  the  public  confidence.  The  Cotton  market  continues  firm  and  steady,  with  a  disposition  (if  anything)  to  advance.  The  Sales  for  to  day  amounted  to  7,000  bales,  500  of  which  were  taken  for  export,  and  500  on  specula speculation.  tion. speculation.  BULLION  MARKET  AND  FOREIGN  EXCHANGES  We  give  the  current  price  of  Gold,  as  follows,  to  assist  the  merchant  in  calculating  the  rates  of  Foreign  Exchange,  by  the  actual  current  rates  of  bullion,  as  last  reported  London,  770..9d.  ;  Paris,  ;  Hamburgh,—;  Am Amsterdam,  sterdam, Amsterdam,  —;  Vienna,  —;  St.  Petersburg,  ;  Ber Berlin,  lin, Berlin,  —;  Milan,  —;  Constantindple,  —;  Alexandria,  —;  Bombay,  —;  Calcutta,  ;  Hong  Kong,—  ;  Sydney,  745.  9d.  to  —s.  ;  Port  Phillip,  775.;  Adelaide,  —;  Victoria,  775.  6d.  ;  Ovens,  765.  6d.;  Montreal,  —;  New  York,  —;  .  Boston,  £3  17s.  9d.  ;  San  Francisco,  ;  :Mexico,  ;  Brazils,  We  subjoin  a  return  of  the  Foreign  Exchanges,  calculated  according  to  the  London  Mint  price  of  17s  10/d.  the  ounce  ;  Amsterdam,  short,  11  164  to  17;  do,  3  months,  11  183  ;  to  19  ;  Rotterdam,  3  m.  11  181  to  194  Antwerp,  3  m.  25  35  to  40  ;  Brussels,  3  m.  25  35  to  40  ;  Hamburg,  3  m.  13  64  to  74;  Paris,  short,  25  5  to  10  ;  do,  3  m.  26  35  to  40  ;  Marseilles,  3  m.  26  373;  to  423  ;  Frankfort,  3  m.  1208  to  1203;  Vienna,  3  m.  11  15  to  19  ;  Trieste,  3  m.  11  18  to  11  22;  Petersburgh,  37.1  to  373  ;  Madrid,  3  m.  498  to  50  ;  Cadiz,  3  m.  50  to  504  ;  Leghorn,  3  m.  30  10  to  30  20  ;  Genoa,  3  m.  25  45  to  25  50  ;  Naples,  3  m.  41i  to  42;  Palermo,  3  m.  1243  to  124  f;  Messina,  3  m.  124/  to  125  ;  Lisbon,  3  m.  521  to  53  ;  Oporto,  3  m.  534  to  531  ;  R.  Janeiro,  60  days,  to  —;  New  York,  ditto,  109  to  109  f  ;  Boston,  ditto,  to  Focaign  Gold  in  bars;  13  17s.  9d.  ;  Mexican  Dollars;  05.  4. STYLE=superscript  0  d.  ;  Silver  in  bars  stand,  Os.  Od.;  East  India  Com Company's  pany's Company's  Bills.  House  Bills  60  days;  Calcutta  Co's  Rupee,  2  Ot  to  2  O.  6;  Bombay  ditto,  2  11;  Madras  ditto,  24k.  Sydney,  lit  pm.  ;  Hongkong.  6  9  to  5  10i;  Alexandria,  991."
