text
"use  opinion  on  ire  agreed  that  yet  unworked,  is  so:v  st  and  in  creasing  as,  practic  leave'room  for  three  times  as  many  assurance  companies  as  already  exist  ;  the  more  so  as  tew  of  those  in  existence  seek  to  do  business  with  the  industrious  classes,  or  the  smaller  kind  of  tradesmen.  Moreover,  it  is  to  be  remem remembered  bered remembered  that  not  only  are  the  numbers  of  the  population  at  large  yearly  increasing,  but  the  materials  for  assurance  themselves  are  gradually  changing  each  year;  new  lives  are  born;  new  lives  come  of  age;  new  lives  have  commer commercial  cial commercial  transactions,  or  marry  and  require  policies  of  assu assurance.  rance. assurance.  Hence  the  Well  can  never  be  dried  up  while  the  world  lasts.  That  altogether  scarcely  a  quarter  of  a  million  of  per persons  sons persons  should  have  been  assured  in  the  United  Kingdom,  when  the  population  of  England  and  Wales  alone  was,  in  1851,  near  eighteen  millions,  and  is  increasing  at  the  rate  of  more  than  200,000  souls  a  year,  is  conclusive  evidence  either  that  the  public  do  not  yet  fully  understand  the  ad advantages  vantages advantages  arising  from  the  assurance  system,  or  that  the  majority  of  existing  companies,  from  the  manner  in  which  they  conduct  their  business,  do  not  meet  the  practical  requirements  of  the  people.  A  great,  though  gradual,  increase  is,  however,  notice noticeable  able noticeable  during  the  last  ten  years  in  the  number  of  persons  assured,  more  particularly  by  those  institutions  which  are  usually  denominated  class  offices;  and  this  increase  leads  naturally  to  the  expectation  that  tens  of  thousands,  before  long,  will  avail  themselves  of  life  or  other  assurance  where  hundreds  do  at  present.  We  concur,  also,  with  an  opinion  recently  expressed,  that  there  are  many  class  interests,  as  yet  not  addressed,  which  future  class  offices  will  succeed  in  enlisting  on  the  side  of  the  assurance  principle.  .  _  Sir,—No  man  with  a  grain  of  sympathy  for  his  fellow fellowman  man fellowman  can  possibly  travel  by  the  Southport  railway  as  far  as  Bootle,  without  feeling  deeply  grieved  at  the  sight  of  number  of  small  and  closely-packed  houses  that  have  been  erected,  and  still  are  being  erected,  at  the  north  end  of  the thetown.  town. thetown.  lam  quite  aware  that  we  cannot  all  expect  to  live  in  Zstately  mansions,  healthfully  situated  in  suburban.  localities.  Ido  not  ask  for  the  well  kept  lawn—the  ser serpentiue  pentiue serpentiue  walks—the  artistically  placed  ornamental  ,piece  of  water.  These  pleasurable  delights,  with  recherche  din dinners,  ners, dinners,  with  splendid  equipages,  and  a  goodly  ret  nue  of  servants,  are  the  rewards  of  industry—assist  trade,  and  tend,  by  their  example,  to  produce  good  taste,  and  an  elevation  of  sentinlent,  even  among  the  working  classes.  Let  such  blessings  be  use  1.  and  not  abused—let  them  be  received  with  a  thankful  heart,  and  let  the  influence  that  they  naturally  bring  with  them,  be  seized  upon,  to  pro prois,  is, prois,  and  well-being  of  our  fellow-:men,  and  •  may  be  enjoyed  without  a  pang;  and  id  of  death  is  laid  heavily  upon  us,  they  thout  a  sigh.  I  have  no  wish  then  deprived  of  their  comforts,  or  rteci  from  w  luxuries  ;  buE  I  do  wish  to  see  the  lower  classes  cared  for,  as  if  they  were  members  of  the  same samebody.  body. samebody.  I  do  wish  to  see  the  great  characteristic  of  that  holy  religion  which  we  profess,  fully  carried  out—remem out—remembering  bering out—remembering  that  he  that  sanctifieth,  and  they  who  are  sanctified,  are  all  of  one,  for  which  cause  he,  our  Lord  and  Head,  is  nr  ~:.timed  to  call:us  If  then  there  be  5  an  naive'  II  brother'  ood,  one  body,  so  to  speak,  it  is  only  ember  suffers,  the  whole  body  reasonable  that  when  one  r  should  suffer  with  it  ;  and,  as  I  hope  to  shew  that  a  part  is  now  so  suffering,  I  trust  a  remedy  will  be  found,  even:  though  it  entail  a  loss  upon  other  members  of  the  body  who  are  living  at  ease  and  in  security.  The  great  objec objection  tion objection  that  I  make  to  the  houses  in  question  is  simply  this  :  They  are  being  erected  on  the  refuse  of  chejnical  works.  I  have  seen  this  refuse  tilted  on  the  ground  in  a  smok smoking  ing smoking  state.  The  smell,  even  in  this  frost  which  usually  hides  from  us  offensive  seents,;is  highly  disagreeable  to  the  olfactory  nerves.  I  cannot  believe  otherwise  than  that.  such  an  odour  must  be  highly  injurious  to  health.  I  could  not  be  prevailed  upon  to  live  in  such  a  locality,  though  I  were  offered  a  heavy  reward  for  so  doing.  I  question  any  member  of  the  town  council  would  reside  there  with  his  family  on  any  terms.  If  then  I,  and  they,  shrink  from  such  a  residence,  on  the  score  of  health,  it  is  plainly  my,  and  their  duty,  to  do  our  utmost  to  abate  the  evil,  if  we  cannot  entirely  remove  it.  Inwriting  this  letter  I  have  done  what  I  can  in  the  matter,  and  it  is  the  part  of  those  who  read  it,  to  do  theirs.  They,  sir,  may  silence  the  voice  , STYLE=superscript  of  my  feeble  advocacy—they  cannot  silence  the  voice  of  conscience.—l  am,  sir,  yours,  &amp;c.,S,  ,TnE  NORTHERN.  Liverpool,  Jan.  15,  1856.  P.S.—lf  any  loss  be  sustained  by  the  owners  of  the  chemical  works  by  extra  cartage,  or  by  the  entire  remo removal  val removal  of  their  works  beyond  the  boundaries:of  the  town,  compensation  might  be  awarded  to  them  for  such  loss-  We  read  in  the  Journal  de  Constantinople  :—On  Thursday  last  the  obsequies  of  one  of  the  wives  of  his  Imperial  Majesty  (the  Sultan)  were  celebrated  with  great  pomp,  the  body  of  the  '  'rincess  being  interred  in  the  Mosque  of  Yeni-Djawi.  All  the  ministers  and  high  functionaries  of  the  Porte  followed  the  remains  to  their  resting-place."
