text
"AMERICA.  IRRIT(AL  OF  THE  FRANKLIN  AT  •  •  -  •  SOUTHAMPTON.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENTS)  SOUTIIA3IPTON,  THURSDiY,  9,  P.M  The  steam-ship  Franklin,  Captain  Wotten,  has  just  arrived  here,  from  New  York,  en,  route  for  Havre,  with  adviees  to  the  24th  Ultimo,  being  three  days  later  than  those  ,reeeived  on  Sunday  last  by  the  Asia.  She  haS  brought  over  twenty twentytwo  two twentytwo  passengers  for  .  England,  and  ninety  for  Havre.  She  has  also  brought  300,000  dollars  in  speci€  The  political  news  is  not  important  In  commercial  matters  no  very  material  change  is  reported,  There  was  a  fair  business  doing  in  the  Stock  Market,  'at  preVious  quotations.-  Ex Exchange  change Exchange  on  London  was  active,  and  for  first  class  names  the  quotations  •  stood,  firm  at  . STYLE=superscript  .100:t..  The  Cotton  market  Was  dull,  and  prices  declining.  Freights  were  active,  and_  quotationS'  tending  up upwards.  wards. upwards.  The  .Flour  market  was  firm,  with  consider considerable  able considerable  operations  going  forward  for  Europe.  MOST  IMPORTANT  ON  THE  TURKISH  QUESTION.  11Torthern  Daily  Times  Office,  Friday  Morning  Whave  just  received  the  following  most  im-  portant  despateli  from  our  Loudon  correspondent.  We  regret  that  it  holds  out  very  little  hope  •of  a  peaceful  solution  of,  the  Turkish  difficulty  LONDON,  THURSDAY  AFTERNOON  However  the  Emperor  of  Russia  may  now  move  for  peace,  however  he  may  now  express  his  willing willingness  ness willingness  to  disown  the  insolent  note  which  has  wounded  the  suSceptibilities  of  diplomatists,  and  enraged  the  frank  and  bolder  feelings  of  the  people  of  Western  Europe  ;  the  latest  intelligence,  both  from  Paris  and  Vienna,  .iMplies  but  ,to  one  con conviction  viction conviction  that  it  is  too  Ominous  Words  There  is  but  one  contingency  upon  which  we  can  place  dependence  for  the  maintainance  of  peace;  and  that  is  that  the  Turks  should  give  an  additional  proof  of  their  moderation,  by  deferring  the  actual  commencement  of  hostilities,  until  after  the  close  of  the  renewed  conference  at  Vienna.  But  at  present  we  are  totally  destitute  of  positive  infor information  mation information  whether  those  conferences  have  even  been  resumed  ;  whilst  it  is  certain  that  if  they  leave  no  result  can  yet  have  been  attained  likely  to  inter interpose  pose interpose  between  no  formal  declaration,  and  the  real  commencement  of  war.  Under  these  circumstances,  and  relying  upon  the  accuracy  of  yesterday's  news,  our  hopes  of  a  peaceful  solution  of  this  long  endured  difficulty  are  very  slender  indeed.  IT  was  at  , STYLE=superscript  Olmittz  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  appearsto  have  first  expressed  pacific  intentions  and  moderate  views.  It  was  there,  probably,  that  he  first  became  aware  of  the  true  attitude  of  the  Western  powers,  and  of  his  own  false  position.  There,  too,  most  likely,  some  idea  of  the  tre tremendous  mendous tremendous  risks  and  responsibilities  he  was  incur incurring,  ring, incurring,  first  darted  across  his  mind.  But,  wherever  and  however,  this  change  of  tone  arose,  it  is,  perhaps,  sincere.  With  two  enormous  squadrons,  ready  to  enter  the  FAuxine,  and  two  others  to  block blockade  ade blockade  the  Baltic,  whilst  a  French  army  of  30,000  is  embarking  for  the  Turkish  territory,  we  are  bound  to  believe  that  the  Czar  is  sincerely  disposed  to  re reconsider  consider reconsider  his  position.  But  it  may  be  too  For  the  Turks  have  the  initiative  ;  and  if,  in  the  exercise  ,  of  their  undoubted  right,  they  do  attempt  to  expel  the  invaders,  Russia  cannot  decline  the  issue  The  following  is  the  news  received  in  London  yesterday  in  the  order  in  which  it  arrived:—  VIENNA,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING  The  Oesterrcichische  Correspondenz  announces  the  arrival  of  the  Constantinople  mail  of  the  27th  at  Trieste.  The  advices  were  that  an  immediate  declaration  of  war  was  not  improbable,  although  ;expectations  were  indulged  in  that  mutual,-  concessions  might  still  be  made.  There  were  six  English,  one  Sardinian,  one  Nea Neapolitan,  politan, Neapolitan,  one  Austrian,  one  Prussian,  and  four  French  war  steamers  lying  in  the  Bosphorus.  The  Lamas  of  Wednesday  - STYLE=superscript  evening;  announces  that  grave  changes  lave  been  made  in.the.position  of  affairs  with  regard  to  the  East  It  states  that,  according  to  news  received  in  Paris,  the  Divan  met  on  the  25th,  and  unanimously  decided  that  the  Sultan  could  not  accept  the  Vienna  note,  and  that  this  resolution  was  communicated  to  the  .  ambas ambassadors.  sadors. ambassadors.  •  •  .  •  The  Debats  then  adds,  a  second  meeting  of  the  Divan,  held  on  the  26th,  it  was  decided  that  the  negotiations  were  exhausted,  that  preparations  for  hostilities  were  regulated,  and  a  solemn  procla proclamation  mation proclamation  of  war  A  teleiraphic  dispatch  from  Vienna,  dated  the  3rd  inst.,  and  published  in  the  Cologne  Gazette,  states  that  the  Emperor  of  Austria,  and  the  Arch Archduke  duke Archduke  Ludwig  Charles,  left  the  previous  evening  for  Warsaw.  The  same  despatch  also  states  that  the  Vienna  Lloyd  mentions  a  report  that  the  Divan  had  on  the  20th  of  September  resolved  upon  an  eventual  declaration  of  war  against  Russia.  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY.  EVENING.  (From  the  Correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chronicle.)  '  I  understand  from  good  authority  that  the  French  Government  decided,  at  a  Council  of  Mi Ministers'  nisters' Ministers'  held  at  St.  Cloud,  that  a  corps  cr  armee  of  3(},000  meii  shall  be  embarked  on  board  the  At Atlantic  lantic Atlantic  squadron,  and  sent,  out  to  Constantinople,  there  to  be  landed:  General  Canrobert  will,  I  Understand,  have  the  command  of  .this  body  ;  so  that  the  rumour  which  - STYLE=superscript  prevailed  yesterday  at  the  Bourse,  of  that  officer's  departure  for  Turkey,  had  a  tolerably  fair  foundation  - STYLE=superscript  The  uneasiness  felt  here  is  exceedingly  on  the  increase,  and  at  present  very  few  persons  are  to  be  found  who  venture  to  hope  for  the  maintenance  of  peace.  .  It  is  said  also  that  troops  from  England  are  to  be  embarked  in  Admiral  Corry's  squadron,  and  that  their  des destination  tination destination  is  likewise  to  be  Constantinople.  Whether  this  latter  piece  of  intelligence  is  correct  or  not,  you  are  more  likely  to  be  ruble  to'  ascertain  than  parties  here.  Strict  orders  have  been  given  to  suspend  all  leave  of  absence  or  furloughs  through throughout  out throughout  the  French  army,  at  least  for  some  time  to  come.  Yesterday  the  Emperor  of  the  French,  in  a  conversation  with  M.  Firmin  Rogier,  the  Belgian  repreSentative  at  Paris,  on  the  affairs  of  the  East,  terminated  his  remarks  by  Be  certain,  my  dear  Minister,  that  the  matter  once  entered  on  will  not  be.  It  'is  worthy  of  remark  that  a  counter-order  was  despatched  by  electric  telegraph  to  General  de  Guyon,  of  the  French  service,  forbidding  him  to  proceed  to  Warsaw,  whither  the  Emperor  of  Russia  had  invited  him  to  witness  the  manoeuvres  of  the  Russian  troops  ;  and  it  is  perhaps  still  more  strange,  if  the  German  journals  are  to  be  believed,  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  left  Warsaw  on  the  very  clay  of  his  arrival,  after  a  delay  of  only  two  hours  and  a  half.  The  German  Journal  of  Frankfort  gives  this  intelligence  in  a  letter  from  Warsaw,  dated  the  29th  Ult.  The  words  of  the  letter  are  The  Emperor  of  Russia,  .  accompanied  by  the  hereditary  Grand  Nike,  arrived  here  yesterday  afternoon  at  two  o'clock,  from  Ohnutz.  At  half-past  four  o'clock  his  Majesty  continued  his  journey  to  St.'  Now;  when  it  is  borne  in  mind  that  the  elecilic  telegraph  has  announced  the  departure  of  the  Em Emperor  peror Emperor  of  Austria  and  the  King  of  Prussia  for  War-  saw,  to  meet  his  Majesty;  and  - STYLE=superscript  that  the  Emperor  of  Austria  has  been  invited  by  the  Czar  to  attend  ,the  military  mancetivres  whieh  are  about  to  take  place  near  that  city,  this  haste  to  reach  St.  Petersburg  looks  exceedingly  ominous."
