text
"contribution  in  any  measure  sustain  the  movement,  he  did  poor  men,  for  he  knew  already  that  their  hearts  were  tho thoroughly  roughly thoroughly  in  the  cause,  and  that  they  would  stani  with  them  to  the  last.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  He  had  been  delighted  last  night  to  receive  from  a  number  of  men  work working  ing working  in  a  large  manufactory  an  expression  of  high  encou encouragement,  ragement, encouragement,  and  of  confident  hope  in  the  success  of  the  movement,  for  those  black-faced  mechanics  knew  they  lost  all,  As  he  feared  God  and  hononred  th  long  may  she  to  reign  over  them—  S  ahhath  thanked  them  f  always  connected  love  of  the  Queen,  with  love  of  God,  that  chee  )nqe(l  t  see  the  of  all  those  institu  mercifil,  social,  aril  religions,  ho  mos  resolution  which  he  hadr  ~  pcOatical,  corn-  cordially  moved  thi  (Loud  cheers.)  The  13..  v.  Joseph  Bardsley,  in  the  absence  of  the  Rev.  ltv.  Pollock,  seconded  the  rco.ution.  After  stating  that  he  assumed  what  he  conceived  luid  been  clearly  and  unanswer unanswerably  ably unanswerably  established  by  the  preceding  speakers,  namely,  the  divine  institution  of  the  Sabbath,  be  proceeded  to  say  that  there  was  one  part  of  the  subject  embraced  in  the  resolution  villch  had  not  as  yet  been  brought  before  them,  and  that  vas  in  referenm  to  the  law  which  regulated  the  sale  of  ntoxicating  drinks  on  the  Sabbath  day.  He  conceived  that  important  question.  When  they  remembered  a  England  and  Wales  103,000  public publicn  n publicn  they  remembered  that,  on  MIS  a  m  tint  there  wer  houses  and  be(  an  average,  from  three  to  four  per  each  of  these  hour  e  connected  with  and  th  were  employe:l  in  conn  drinks  in  this  country  alone,  he  co  Do.00r)  persons  with  tt  t  the  mu  dqation  of  it  should  he  an  important  nch  of  t  if  they  would  vindiente  the  honour  of  God  andl  That  the  Sab  mt.  subjec  [is  holy  da  tt  was  C.ese  of  intoxicating  liquors  might  be  very  clearly  proved.  In  district,  one  of  the  seventeen  police  districts  of  censns•Seuday  there  were  in  attendance  at  the  publ  places  of  worship  in  the  evening,  17,805  ;  and  at  the  ,ondon,  or  same  time,  or  rather  on  the  same  evening,  between  tha  hours  of  9  and  10  o'&amp;cok  in  the  same  district,  there  were  nssembled  in  the  public-houses  and  bee  more  than  20,000  persons.  Last  year  arrangements  were  made  in  Manchester  to  ascertain,  as  far  as  possible,  how  many  visits  were  made  on  the  Lore's  day  to  the  drinkine drinkinehouses  houses drinkinehouses  of  that  city,  and  it  appe.:red  from  the  statement  then  made  out  (and  if  there  were  any  inaccuracies  they  were  in  favour  of  the  publicans,  for  while  many  visits  must  have  been  made  unseen,  those  only  that  were  seen  were  reported)—that  taking  1437  public-houses  and  beer beershops,  shops, beershops,  and  taking  an  average  of  nine  Sundays,  there  were  on  any  one  of  those  Sundays  visits  from  men  to  the  num number  ber number  of  120,000,  from  women  to  the  number  of  71,000,  and  visits  from  children  to  the  number  of  23,000—making  altogether  from  men,  women,  and  children,  visits  to  the  amount  of  214,000.  And  he  feared  that  if  they  were  in  possession  of  the  information  it  would  be  found  that  Liverpool,  in  this  respect,  occupied  a  bad  and  proud  pre preeminence,  eminence, preeminence,  for  while  in  Manchester  they  had  but  1437  public-house  and  beer-shops,  in  Liverpool  they  had  2348.  He  had  been  very  much  struck  the  other  day  by  the  state statement  ment statement  of  one  of  the  inspectors  of  police,  that  if  a  person  stool  in  Naylor-street  he  could  at.  any  time  count.  from  the  place  where  he:stood,  thirty-three  public-houses  and  beer beershops.  shops. beershops.  (Cries  of  I  oh  Need  he  then  say  that  it  could  not  surprise  any  one  when  they  remembered  the  number  of  such  houses  in  the  cointry,  that  the  Rev.  Mr.  Clay,  of  Preston,  should  say  in  his  last  report,  during  the  last  two  years  I  have  heard  1126  male  prisoners  attribute  their  offences,  fraud,  larcenies,  burg burglaries,  laries, burglaries,  rapes.  stabbing,  and  homicides  to  drink,  and  if  the  habits  and  history  of  every  prisoner  were  carefully  looked  into,  it  would  be  placed  beyond  doubt,  that  nine-tenths  of  the  English  crime,  which  the  law  is  compelled  to  deal  s  L  t  eoi  o  sn,  u  t  cheers,  h  d  hueutiwgthlr  ailsthd  ia  a  pat  n  pnt  d  edhr  es  e  l  I  m  soraar  o  ml  t  t  eh  i  es  o  e,  emotion.)  everyiG.)n  )  ea,  lV  to  h  i  rs  i  e  e  arp  n  heoh7  t  va  h  eet  they  AN  ith,  arise  from  the  English  sin,  which  the  law  scarcely  m  ell  t;  e  ee  m  3v  b  3or  r  eoo  c  that  openou(  remembered  open  for  what  he  was  certain  he  might  call,  with  some  fi!er  the  worshippers  of  13acohus,”  not  fewer  than  103,000  houses,  had  they  not  in  the  form  of  that  fact,  a  dreadful  picture  of  the  desecration  of  God's  holy  deer?  (Hear,  hear.)  The  question  then  was,  how  were  they  prepared  to  deal  with  it?  What  could  they  do  in  the  matter  ?  In  the  first  place  he  would  remark,  that  to  him  it  seemed  an  extraordinary  anomaly,  marvellously  strange,  that  whilst  by  the  law,  the  butcher  could  nut  sell  his  beef,  or  the  baker  his  bread,  or  the  bookseller  the  bible,  yet  that  whilst  all  these  were  forbidden,  by  the  same  English  law,  the  publican  and  the;;  beer beerhouse  house beerhouse  keeper  might  sell  their  beer  and  branly  (Hear,  hear.)  Was  not  that  a  strange  thing?  (Hear,  hear.)  If  it  could  be  affirmed  of  bread,  beef,  and  of  what  the  grocer  sold,  that  they  led  to  nine ninetenths  tenths ninetenths  of_  the  crime  of  the  country—if  that  could  be  affirmed  of  them,  surely  they  would  have  arguments  ten  thousand  times  stronger  than  at  present,  for  preventing,  by  law,  those  various  places  from  being  opened  on  the  Sab Sabbath.  bath. Sabbath.  That,  however,  could  not  be  said  of  them  ;  and  why  then  should  an  exception  be  made  in  favour  of  those  houses  which  led  to  so  much  crime,  so  much  vice,  and  so  much  immorality?  (Hear,  hear.)  He  repeated  why  should  - STYLE=superscript  an  exception  be  made  in  favour,  by  law,  of  allowing  those  persons  to  seek  intoxicating  liquors  on  the  Sunday,  which,  though  not  intended  by  them,  yet,  nevertheless,  as  an  iaevitable  and  invariable  consequence,  led  to  so  much  crime,  so  much  poverty,  and  so  much  irreligion  ?  (Ap (Applause.)  plause.) (Applause.)  Perhaps  it  might  be  said  that  they  could  not  deal  with  it  by  law.  Well,  they  had  dealt  with  it  already  by  law.  The  principle  had  been  conceded,  and  all  they  asked  for  now  in  this  country,  was  an  extension  of  the  same  thing.  their  opponents—enemies  he  would  not  call  them—but  would  their  opponents,  abide  by  the  results  in  t  S  h  c  a  o  t  tl  i  a  t  nf  ,  a  ?  s  t  I  h  t  which  led  them  to  repeal  Wilson  Patte  n STYLE=superscript  '  s STYLE=superscript  act. STYLE=superscript  Would STYLE=superscript  they  now  abide  on  the  question  of  con  v STYLE=superscript  eni  ence STYLE=superscript  p  o STYLE=superscript  u  f STYLE=superscript  bl  t STYLE=superscript  i  h STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  s  l STYLE=superscript  u  a STYLE=superscript  ff  st STYLE=superscript  er  a STYLE=superscript  e  c STYLE=superscript  d  t STYLE=superscript  ,  in  !  or  incon inconvenience  venience inconvenience  to  the  public—of  advantage  or  disadvantage  to  morality  and  social  order  ?  Would  they  allow  the  question  to  be  treated  upon  that  issue?  He  did  not  say  it  ought  to  be  so  tested—they  took  the  higher  ground,  but  they  i  were  prepared  as  an  argument  t  o STYLE=superscript  adopt  it.  Th  e  y  went  to  Scotland,  and  what  did  they  find? STYLE=superscript  He STYLE=superscript  woul STYLE=superscript  d  ask  them  to  read  the  statements  of  the  magistrates  of  the  chaplains,  of  the  ministers  of  the  gospel,  of  Scripture Scripturereadera,:andof  readera,:andof Scripturereadera,:andof  city  missionaries,  he  would  as);  the  to  and  what  di  4_ho4  t  and.  i❑  185:  of  the  m  rs  of  mention  one  iamortir  by  the  authorities  of  :  prison,  but  on  the  22r,  )W,  to  t  1  1855,  t  them  t  August,  when  the  qtiestion  1,  ihe  Lord  st  said  t  le  best  For  seven  years,  the  average  number  in  the  prison  had  been  698,  but  on  the  day  before  the  Lord  Pcovost,mada  the  statement,  there  were  only  408  in  it.  Mbar  hear.)  But  let  him  now  say  a  few  words  on  the  subject,  so  far  as  it  - STYLE=superscript  was  connected  with  England:  They  were  told  that  there  was  no  advantage  connected  with  the  act,  and  thpt  there  was  nothing  in  it  in  favour  of  morality  and  so  order..  That.  was  .  the  statement,  for  they  were  tole  one  magistrate  t  -  that  the  3n  on  the  Tu  more  d  more  drinking  - STYLE=superscript  io  coffee-hou  no  good.  nor  lead  at  they  o  )osition  memo:  V.  White  put  t  Hoisfall  A  Iris("
