text
"TRE‘TIES  Since  the  last  session  of  Congress  a  treaty  of  amity,  com commerce,  merce, commerce,  and  navigation,  and  for  the  surrender  of  fugitive  crimi criminals,  nals, criminals,  with  the  kingdom  of  the  Two  Sicilies  ;  a  treaty  of  friendship,  commerce,  and  navigation  with  Nicaragua;  and  a  convention  of  commercial  reciprocity  with  the  Hawaiin  king kingdom,  dom, kingdom,  have  been  negotiated.  The  latter  kingdom  and  the  State  of  Nicaragua  have  also  acceded  to  a  declaration,  recognising  as  international  rights  the  principles  contained  in  the  convention  between  the  United  States  and  Russia  of  the  22nd  of  July,  1854.  These  treaties  and  conventions  will  be  laid  before  the  Senate  for  ratification.  TREASURY  The  statements  made  in  my  last  annual  message,  respecting  the  anticipated  receipts  and  expenditures  of  the  treasury,  have  been  substantially  verified.  It  appears  from  the  report  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury,  that  the  receipts  during  the  last  fiscal  year  ending  June  30,  1855,  from  all  sources  .  were  sixty-five  millions,  three  thousand,  nine  hundred  and  thirty  d  o  ll  ars;  and  that  the'  public  ,  expen expenditures  ditures expenditures  for  the  same  period,  exclusive  of  payments  on  account  o  f  the  public  debt,  amounted  to  fifty  six  millions,  three  hundred  and  sixty-five  thousand,  three  hundred  and  ninety.  three  dollars.  Doting  the  same  period,  the  payments  made  in  redemption  of  the  publi  :  debt,  including  interest  and  premium,  amounted  to  nine  millions  eight  hundred  and  forty-four  thousand,  five  hundred  and  twenty-eight  dollars.  The  balance  In  the  treasury  at  the  beginning  of  the  present  fiscal  year,  July  1,  1855,  was  eighteen  millions  nine  hundred  and  thirty-one  thowand  nine  hundred  and  seventy-six  dollars  ;  the  receipts  for  the  first  quarter,  and  the  estimated  receipts  for  the  remaining  three  quarters,  amount,  together,  to  sixty-seven  millions  nine  hundred  and  eighteen  thousand  seven  hundred  and  thirty-four  dollars;  thus  affording  in  all,  as  the  available  resources  of  the  current  fiscal  year,  the  sum  of  eighty-sib  millions  eight  hundred  and  fifty-six  thousand  seven  hundred  and  ten  dollars.  If,  to  the  actual  expenditures  of  the  first  quarter  of  the  Current  fiscal  year,  he  added  the  probable  expenditures  for  the  remaining  three  quarters,  as  estimated  by  the  secretary  of  the  treasury,  the  sum  total  will  be  seventy-one  millions  two  hundred  and  twenty•  six  thousand  eight  hundred  and  forty-six  dollars,  thereby  leaving  an  estimated  balance  in  the  treasury  on  July  1,  1856,  of  fifteen  millions  six  hundred  and  twenty-three  thousand  eight  hundred  and  sixty-three  dollars  and  forty-one  cents.  In  the  above  estimated  expenditures  of  the  present  fiscal  year  are  included  three  million  dollars  to  meet  the  last  instal instalment  ment instalment  of  the  ten  millions  provided  for  in  the  late  treaty  with  Mexico,  and  seven  millions  seven  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  dollars  appropriated  on  account  of  the  debt  due  to  Texes,  which  two  sums  make  an  aggregate  amount  of  ten  millions  seven  huadred  and  fifty  thousand  dollars,  and  reduce  the  expenditure,  actual  or  estimated,  for  ordinary  objects  of  the  year,  to  the  sum  of  sixty  millions  four  hundred  and  seventy-six  thousand  dollars.  The  amount  of  public  debt,  at  the  commencement  of  the  present  fiscal  year,  was  forty  millions  five  hundred  eighty-three  thousand  six  hundred  and  thirty-one  dollars,  and,  deduction  being  made  of  subsequent  payments,  the  whole  public  debt  of  the  federal  government  remaining  at  this  time,  is  less  than  forty  million  dollars.  The  remnant  of  certain  other  government  titooks,  amounting  to  two  hundred  and  forty-three  thousand  dollars,  referred  to  in  my  last  message  as  outsianding,  has  since  been  paid.  I  am  fully  persuaded  that  it  would  be  difficult  to  devise  a  system  superior  to  that  by  which  the  fiscal  business  of  the  government  is  now  conducted.  Notwithstanding  the  great  number  of  public  agents  of  collection  and  disbursement,  it  is  believed  that  the  checks  and  guards  provided,  including  the  r'quirement  of  monthly  returns,  render  it  scarcely  possible  for  any  considerable  fraud  on  the  part  of  those  agents,  or  neglect  invoking  hazard  of  serious  public  loss,  to  escape  detection.  I  renew,  however,  the  recommendation  herotofbro  made  by  me,  of  the  enactment  of  a  law  declaring  it  felony  on  the  part  of  public  officers  to  insert  Idse  entries  in  their  books  of  record  or  account,  or  'to  make  false  returns,  and  also  requiring  them  on  the'  termination  of  their  service  to  deliver  to  their  successors  all  books,  records,  and  other  objects  of  a  public  nature  in  their  custody.  e  r  c  of  duties  tbe  Derived  as  our  public  revenue  is,in  evidence  chi  e  f  part,  ei  from  n  e  on  imports,  its  olagnitude  affords  gratifying  prosperity,  not  only  of  our  commerce,  but  of  the  other  great  interests  upon  which  that  depends,  The  principle  that  all  moneys  not  required  for  the  current  expenses  of  the  government  should  remain  for  active  employ.  went  in  the  hands  of  the  people,  and  the.  conspicuous  fact  that  the  annual  revenue  from  all  sources  exceeds,  by  many  millions  o  f  dollars,  the  amount  needed  for  a  prudent  and  ecouom'cal  a  dministration  of  public  affairs,  cannot  fail  to  suggest  the  pro propriety  priety propriety  of  an  early  revision  and  redwien  of  the  tariff  of  duties  on  imports.  It  is  nq  sq STYLE=superscript  gAnerally  conceded  that  the  purpose  .)f  revenue  al9e  oan  justify  the  imposition  of  duties  on  imports,  that,  in  re-adjusting  the  impost  tables  and  schedules,  which  unquestionably  require  essential  modiaoations,  a  departure  from  the  principles  of  the  present  tariff  is  not  anticipated.  AIIIIIC.  The  army,  during  the  past  year,  has  been  actively  engaged  in  defending  the  'lndian  frontiers,  the  stateof  the  service  permit permitting  ting permitting  hnt  few  and  small  garrisons  in  our  permanent  fortifica fortifications.  tions. fortifications.  The  additional  regiments  authorised  at  the  last  session  of  Congress  have  been  recruited  and  organised,  and  a  large  portion  of  the  troops  have  already  been  sent  to  the  field.  All  the  duties  which  devolve  on  the  military  establishments  have  b.sen  satisfactorily  performed,  and  the  dangers  and  privation,  The  report  of  the  Secretary  of  the  interior  will  engage  your  attention,  as  well  for  useful  suggestions  it  contain!,  as  for  the  interest  and  importance  of  the  subjects  to  which  they  refer.  The  aggregate  amount  of  public  land  sold  during  the  last  fiscal  year,  located  with  military  scrip  or  land  warrants,  taken  up  under  grants  for  roads,  and  selected  as  swamp  lanes  by  States,  is  twenty-four  millions,  five  hundred  and  fifty-seven  thousand,  four  hundred  and  nine  acres;  of  which  the  portion  sold  was  fifteen  millions,  seven  hundred  and  twenty-nine  thousand,  five  humbed  and  twenty  four  acres,  yielding  in  receipts  the  sum  of  eleven  millions  four  hundred  and  eighty.  five  thousand,  three  hundred  and  eighty  dollars.  In  the  same  period  of  time,  eight  millions,  seven  hundred  and  twenty twentythree  three twentythree  thousand,  eight  hundred  and  fifty-four  acres  have  been  surveyed  ;  but,  in  consideration  of  the  quantity  already  subject  to  entry,  no  additional  tracts  have  been  brought  into  market.  The  peculiar  relation  of  the  general  government  to  the  district  of  Columbia  renders  it  proper  to  commend  to  your  care  not  only  its  material,  but  also  its  moral  interests,  includ including  ing including  education,  more  especially  in  those  parti  of  the  distria  outside  of  the  cities  of  Washington  and  Georgetown.  The  commissioners  appointed  to  reviso  and  codify  the  laws  of  the  district,  have  made  such'  progress  in  the  performance  of  their  task,  as  to  ensure  its  completion  in  the  time  prescribed  by  the  act  of  Congress.  Information  has  recently  been  received,  that  the  pollee  of  the  settlements  in  the  territories  of  Oregon  and  Washington  is  disturbed  by  hostilities  on  the  part  of  the  Indians,  with  indications  of  extensive  combinations  of  a  hostile  character  among  the  tribes  in  that  quarter,  the  more  serious  in  their  possible  cifect  by  reason  of  the  undetermined  foreign  interests  existing  in  those  territories,  to  which  your  attention  has  already  been  especial''  invited.  Efficient  measures  have  been  taken,  which,  it  is  believed,  will  restore  quiet,  and  afford  protection  rirsier  Cam.  URRY  &amp;  Co.  (LATE  BROKE/1,6  TONGE,  CURRY  &amp;  CO,  FOR  THE  SALE  OP  SHIPS,  AND  SHIP  VALUERS,  a  and  appointed  Brokers  to  the  High  Court  of  Admiralty,  WA-LIM-BUILDINGS,  WATER  -STREET,  —Vessels  from  50  to  2000  tons  ;  St  earners.  &amp;C.  --,  k  LATE  TONGS,  CURRY  and  C  0.,)  BROKERS  FOR  THE  SALE  of  SHIPS,  -/‘  4,  1,  A(D  SHIP  VALUERS,  D  E  RET-BIJILDINGS,  FENWICE.-STHEET,  Who  have  always  on  sale  Ships,  Steamers,  &amp;c.,  of  from  _  .  60  to  1,800  tons  register,  J.  GETTY  AND  CO  ,  SHIP  AND  SALVAGE  BROKERS,  AND  T  SHIP  VALUERS,  LIVER  -CHAMBERS,  TITHEBARN-STREET,  AND  17,  -  .  GRACECHIIRCH-STREET,  LONDON,  Marine  and  - STYLE=superscript  Fire,  &amp;c.,  Assurance  Agent.  ROBERT  A.  MUNN  &amp;  CO.,  (Late  Cunard,  Munn,  &amp;  C  0.,)  BROKERS  FOR  THE  SALE  OF  SHIPS,  STEAMERS,  &amp;C.,  AND  SHIP  VALUERS,  3,  YORK  -BUILDINGS,  DALE  -STREET,  LIVERPOOL.  CUSTARD,  BRETT,  Sc  AUSTEN,  (Late  Cunard,  Munn,  &amp;  Co.)  SHIP  A  &amp;ate  AUCTIONEERS  VALUERS STYLE=superscript  ND STYLE=superscript  FOR  THE  BROKERS STYLE=superscript  SALE  , STYLE=superscript  OF  SHIPS,  WRECKS,  &amp;c.,  AND  150,  LEADEN-  5,  YORK  BUILDINGS,  1  HALL  STREET,  LONDON.  Sale  4  bv  iludion,  FOR  SALE  BY  AUCTION,  (if  not  previously  4„  disposed  of  by  private  treaty,)  on  Thursday  next,  the  1  5%;  17th  instant,  at  Three  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  sale saleitl6/A  itl6/A saleitl6/A  A‘:'  room,'  5,  York-buildings,  Dale-street,  the  fine  Barque  JEANIE  JOHNSTON,  386  tons  0.m.,  408  tons  regis register;  ter; register;  length  106  feet,  breadth  24  feet,  depth  18  feet  3-10ths,  built  _  _  '-class  and  well  known  ,  Mr.  John  stened,  and  is  very  strong,  has  been  taken  good  care  of,  and  will  be  found  a  very  serviceable  vessel.—  For  inventory  and  further  particulars  apply  to  CUNARD,  BRETT,  and  AUSTEN,  Brokers  for  the  Sale  of  Ships,  5,  York-buildings,  Dale-street  ;  and  150,  Laadenhall-street,  London.  FOR  SALE  by  AUCTION,  on  Thursday  next,  the  17th  inst.,  at  Three  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  sale sale-4e0,1  -4e0,1 sale-4e0,1  room,  5,  York  Buildinzs,  Dale-street,  the  fine  A  1  •7,,,r&amp;Schooner  ALICE',  103  1802-.1500  tons  register.  Length  •  breadth,  19  feet;  depth,  10  feet  4-10th,.  Built  at  -I STYLE=superscript  sed  A  1  for  eight  years,  is  copper-fast.  et.  She  carries  a  fair  cargo  on  a  stands  without  ballast.  Lying  in  George's  Dock.—For  further  particulars  apply  to  CUNARD,  BRETT,  &amp;  AU  iTEN,  5,  York  Buildings,  Dale-street,  and  150,  Leadenall-street.  London.  etaUed  to  8}  fe,  eltow  sails  fast,  a  AUCTION,  on  Thursday  next,  the  17th  instant,  at  Three  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  Saleroom,  5,  York-buildings.  Dale-street,  the  tine  new  Ship  DE  SA  LABE  RY,  about  854  tons  rcat.,  939  tons  0.31.  ;  length  1631  feet,  beam  35  feet,  depth  of  hold  21  at  Quebec  in  1855  under  the  Inspection  of  Lloyd's  sur surls,  ls, surls,  copper  fastened,  has  a  full  poop,  top top'ell  'ell top'ell  found  with  anchors,  chains,  rigging,  .rries  a  large  cargo,  and  sails  remarkably  lventories  and  further  particulars  apply  AUSTEN,  Brokers  for  the  Sale  of  FOR  SALE  BY  gallant  &amp;C.  ;  sl  Precastle,  and  s  a  fine  fist  •  in  Unio  to  CUNARD  o  n  *ale,  FOR  SALE  BY  AUCTION,  on  Thursday,  the  reFA24th  inst.,  at  One  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  saleroom  Walmer  buildings,  Water-street,  the  very  bedutifu  schooner  Yacht  ARIEL;  78  tons  re.  ister,  built  at  Cowes  :Ind  is  a  most  desirable  cr.dt  in  every  respect.  Her  materials  are  ppered  ;  sh  dless  )st  perfect  et  4710ths  ;  —Apply  to  CURRY  &amp;  CO  Birkenhead  Flo*  of  Ships.  Brokers  fo  FOR  SALE  BY  AUCTION,  on  Thursday,  the  24th  inst.,  at  One  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  saleroom,  Walmer-buildings,  Water-street,  the  Schooner  ALERT;  58  tons  per  register;  built  at  Annan,  in  1833,  rrom  90  to  100  to-s,  and  is  well  adaptei  for  the  coasting  trade.  ,53  feet;  breadth,  15  feet;  depth,  9  feet  8-10ths.  Lying  in  g  Dock.—Apply  to  CURRY  &amp;  CO.,  Broke:  s  for  the  Sale  of  Len,  th  Canninj"
