text
"THE  TVIGAN  STRIKES.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  '  .  •  WIGAN,  MONDAY  EVENING.  On  Friday  last,  we  gave  an  'account  of  the  return  of  a  large  number  of  the  colliers  in  the  Wigan  district  to  their  work  at  the  .prices  ,  they  turned  out  at  ;  and  'expressed  an  ,opinion  'that  the  strike  would,  shortly  terminate:  That  opinion  has  been  much  strengthened  by  what  has'  occurred  this  day.  About  65  colliers  resumed  work  at  the  pits  belonging  to.the  Moss  Hall  Coal  Co.  ;  25  also  went  to  work  at  the  Kirkless  Hall  Colliery,  belonging  to  Messri.  John  Lancaster  and  Co.  ;  and  26  to  the  pits  of  '  the  Ince  Hall  Coal  and  Cannel  ,Co.  Including  - STYLE=superscript  drawers,.  (who  exceed  the  number  of  colliers)  about  250  persons  have  returned  to  their  employment  this  day,  and  all  of  then'  at  the  old  prices.  It  is  said  that  all  the  men  Who  were  employed  at  the  Ince  Hall  Coal  and  Cannel  Co.'s  works,  and  at  Kirkless  (belonging  'to  It.  A.  ,Thicknesse,  Esq.,  M.  P.)  will  re-com re-commence  mence re-commence  to-morrow  (Tuesday  morning.)*  There  will  then  be  about  600  colliers  and  drawers  at  the  Ince  Hall  works,  and  200  at  Kirkless.  The  factory  operatives'  strike  is  quite  in  the  same  state  as  when  we  last  referred  to  it  ;  nor  does  there  seem  at  present  any4mspeet  of  a  speedy  termination.  All  is  peageahle,  and  quiet  in  the  district  ;  and  on  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  afternoon,  the  greater  part,  of  the  militaryforce  were  des.:  patched  from  the  town.  The  troop  of  Ist  Dragoons  quartered  at  the  Royal  Hotel,  left  about  three  o'clock,  for  llulme  barntcks,  'Manchester  ;  and  at  half-past  four  o'clock,  two  companies  of  the  34th  regiment  of  infantry  left  by  train  for  Preston,  under  the  command  of  Captain  Gwilt.  There  now  re remain  main remain  30  rank  and  file  at  the  Saw  Mill;  and  about  100  at  the  Public  Hall,  under  the  command  of  Captain  Maxwell.  This  force  will  probably  continue  in  town  until  both  strikes  are  brought  to  a  close,  and  things  assume  their  -accustomed  aspect.  This  morning  another  man,  named  John  Leadbetter,  was  brouht  before  the  mayor  and  magistrates  at  the  Moot  Hall,  on  the  charge  of  being  concerned  in  the  riokon  Friday  night,  the  25th  ult.  It  was  proved  that  the  prisoner  was  seen  with  a  party  of  rioters  that  proceeded  down  Hall-gate,  breaking  lamps  as  they  Went,  and  -that  he  was  afterwards  in  front'  of  the  Royal  Hotel,  when  sticks  and  stones  were  being  thrown  at  the  windows.  The  principal  witness  against  him  was  a  collier  named  Peter  Rutter,  who  was  himself  in  charge  of  the  police  at  the  end  of  last  week,  on  suspicion  of  being  in  .the  mob.  Another  witness,  who  corroborated  Itutter's  statement,  was  a  man  in  the  service  of  .the  Rev.  H.  J)  Gunning,  rector  of  Wigan.  The,  prisoner.  'was  re remanded  manded remanded  to  Monday  next.  'lt  so  happens  that  he  was  one  of  the  Scholes  rioters  in  July,  1852,  and  was  tried  and  con convicted  victed convicted  at  Liverpool  assizes  for  the  offence."
