text
"month,  Mad  At  Amoy  tho  market  was  Unit.  ;  About  600  bales  have  been  quitted.  Qum',  Sos.  16.24,  $25  70c  to  $2  .  5  80e  ;  Nos,  28-3  3 STYLE=superscript  A  4  50e  ;  Nos,  38-42,  $3O  to  $3O  50e,  !OTTON  YAR  tations  are  527  50c  to  been  done  at  Arno  The  lower  kinds  remain  about  as  l STYLE=superscript  as  t STYLE=superscript  ,  ,us  show  an  advance.  About  23,00  L!  „  c  - STYLE=superscript  A  dispmed  of.  Grays  are  quoted  at  0  whites,  $2-  20c  to  $3  65c.  The  demand  LONGLCLOTHS  quoted,  but  heavy  goo•'  1  have  1  Amoy  v  A  limited  WOOLLENS  :  Spanish  stripes,  1,100  pieces  sold  :  assorted'  95c  to  $1  sc;  scarlet,  $1  13c  to  $1  22c;  long  ells,  1,400  pieces  quitted  :  assorted,  $7  Is  c  t  o  $7  70e.  METALS.  —IRON  :  Nail  rod,  $3  10c  to  $3  45c  - STYLE=superscript  ;  bar  square,  3  60c  to  $3  90c  ;  flit,  $3  50c  to  $3  90e  ;  round,  $3  10c  to  •  —d,  $3  to  $5;  lead,  $8  60c  to  $8  90c;  tin  30c.  E  $1  50c  to  $1  70c.  plates,  t  7  80c  to  $8  'ring  the  past  month  a  fair  amount  of  business  e,  and  at  about  former  rates,  except  for  median'  Congous,  which  are  2to  3ts  lower.  The  finer  .  _  chops  are  settlements  of  Congo's  and  Ki9ou  Oopacks,  25  to  28tg.  ;  W  e  enaU  - STYLE=superscript  ot  5  1 STYLE=superscript  t.  Arrivals  to  date  have  beet'  nd  the  s  39  cIIC  and,  for  months  bill  o  224  r.  per  $lOO  SHANGHAI.  a,  4s  9  ;  011  vices  are  to  the  7th  November.  The  advance  'a_  SELECT  VESTRY.  -YESTERDAY.  The  usual  fortnightly  meeting  of  the  Select  Vestry  was  held  in  the  board  room,  workhouse,  at  ten  o'clock,  yesterday.  Rev.  Rector  Campbell  occupied  the  chair,  and  the  other  members  present  were  Messrs.  Shaw,  Denton,  Bradl  ey  ,  S  atchell,  Chesney,  Mellor,  Rawle,  Owen,  Bairstow,  Whitty,  Woodruff,  Luff,  Gardner,  Wensley,  and  J.  Jones.  The  minutes  of  the  last  vestry  were  read.  WORKHOUSE  COMITTEE.  The  minutes  of  this  committee  M STYLE=superscript  contained  nothing  of  any  importance.  It  appeared  that  the  numbers  admit admitted  ted admitted  to  the  vagrant  sheds  during  the  week  were  176  males,  126  females,  and  44  children—in  all,  341.  The  number  in  the  hospital  on  the  22nd  ult.  were  664,  including  48  fever  and  73  itch.  The  total  numbers  in  the  house  on  the  26th  ult.  were  2,500.  Mr.  Shaw  moved  the  adoption  of  the  minutes,  inclu including  ding including  a  recommendation  to  purchase  some  new  Mills  for  the  use  of  the  workhouse.  The  minutes  were  adopted.  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOL'S  COMMITTED:  The  minutes  of  this  committee  contained  the  following  entry  :  The  chaplain  having  reported  that  John  and  Thomas  Rice,  two  of  the  boys  in  the  schools,  being  P  ro  t  estants,  were  entered  on  the  books  as  Roman  Catholics,  they  were  called  before  the  committee  and  questioned  on  the  subject,  and  the  baptismal  register  of  Thomas  Rice  at  St.  Peter's  church  Was  submitted.  Resolved,  that  these  children  be  entered  as  Protestants  in  the  register  kept  at  the  schools,  and  that  the  chaplain  and  Mr.  Coates  be  directed  to  report  to  this  committee,  in  future,  all  instances  in  which  chil children  dren children  express  a  desire  to  have  their  religious  denomina denomination  tion denomination  altered  in  the  books,  as  also  to  report  every  par particular  ticular particular  connected  with  the  admission  and  discharge  of  each  Mr.  Whitey  inquired  under  what  circumstances  the  baptismal  certificate  of  these  boys  was  inquired  into,  and  the  mistake  was  made  in  the  registry  ?  The  Chairman  said  the  Chaplain  came  to  St.  Peter's  church  and  inquired  whether  the  boys  had  been  baptised  there,  and  whether  the  certificate  of  baptism  could  be  found  there.  The  register  was  examined,  and  the  cer certificates  tificates certificates  were  found  there.  Mr.  Whitty  did  not  think  it  proper  that  such  exami examinations  nations examinations  should  take  place  there  generally.  Mr.  Owen  said  it  appeared  that  the  children  were  brought  in  by  their  aunt,  who  was  a  Roman  Catholic,  and  entered  as  Roman  Catholics!  The  children  stated  that  they  themselves  were  Protestants,  and  that  their  father  and  mother  were  so.  Under  these  circumstances  the  inquiry  was  made,  and  it  was  found  that  they  were  Protestants.  Mr.  Denton  thought  that  explanation  ought  to  be  satisfactory.  He  was  quite  amazed  at  the  sensitiveness  displayed  by  Mr.  Whitty.  Mr.  Whitty  should  be  at  all  times  happy  to  express  satisfaction  when  he  was  satisfied  with  a  fair  and  legit legitimate  imate legitimate  explanation.  But  still  he  held  that  it  would  be  improper  if,  after  the  religious  denomination  of  children  had  bean  already  fixed,  it  was  permitted  to  Mr.  Holmes,  or  anybody  else,  to  go  and  investigate  the  circumstances  of  each  child  as  he  thought  proper,  and  it  was  for  the  sake  of  preventing  such  a  principle  from  being  estab established  lished established  he  made  his  remark,  but  without  at  all  meaning  to  deny  that  the  explanation  in  the  present  instance  was  satisfactory.  The  subject  then  dropped,  and  the  proceedings  were  confirmed.  FINANCE  Among  the  cheques  recommended  to  he  drawn  by  this  committee  was  one  for  £7O  increase  of  salary  to  cne  of  the  ministers  of  St.  Paul's.  Sonic  discussion  arose  upon  this  question,  which  was  ended  by  the  chairman  and  Mr.  Woodruff  explaining  that  the  item  should  not  properly  speaking,  have  been  brought  before  the  vestry  at  all,  as  the  payment  was  one  which  Counsel's  opinion  had  decided  the  overseers  were  bound  to  make.  The  chairman  accordingly  directed  that  the  item  should  be  withdrawn  from  the  finance  committee's  books.  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  Mr.  Denton  moved  according  to  notice,  for  a  return  of  the  number  of.  assessments  revised  during  the  last  six  Months.  The  motion  passed  without  opposition.  SPECIAL  COMMITTEE  ON  THE  ADMINISTRATION  OF  RELIEF.  The  minutes  of  this  committee  were  read,  from  whiel  it  the  clerk  TO  THE  SPECIAL  COMMITTEE  OP  THE  RELIEF  DEPARTMENT,  Gentlemen,—l  am  re  last  to  su  b  m  i  t  for  quired  b  y  your  resolution  of  Monday  your  consideration  such  arrangements  with  regard  to  the  duties  of  paid  officers  in  this-department,  under  the  present  altered  circumstances,  as  appear  calcul  a  t  e  d  to  render  it,  as  f  ar  as  possible,  efficient  and  satisfactory  in  its  workin  g.  I  would,  in  the  first  place,  remark  that  upon  some  of  the  points  connected  with  this  subj-ct  the  vestry  have  already  given  expression  to  their  views.  On  the  3rd  Jnly  last  they  approved,  and  the  poor-law  board  have  subsequently  approved,  first,  of  assigning  to  Mr.  Evans  the  duty  of  attending  to  th  , STYLE=superscript  casual  cases;  second,  of  assistance  being  aft  relieving  officers-  in  the  writing  up  of  their  books  and  third,  of  the  proposal  to  appoint  an  out-door  inspector--  this,  however,  has  since  become  a  vexed  question  as  the  vestry  is  concerned.  Now,  with  regard  to  Mr.  Ev,  be  admitted,  that  his  long  services,  As  an  officer,  entitle  him  to  the  first  po,  partment,  and  I  trust  you  will  - STYLE=superscript  consider  hitherto  assigned  to  it.  As  superintending  assisted  by  Mr.  Pierce  and  Mr.  Conway,  as  c,  to  me,that  his  duties  should  now  be  fixed  as  follt  1.  To  attend  the  relief  quorums  when  required.  2.  To  deal  with  the  casual  cases,  whether  applications  fo,  relief,  or  removal  to  Ireland,  Scotland  or  the  Isle  of  Man.  8.  To  keep  all  necessary  books  and  forms,  and  to  check  the  payments  in  out-door  relief,  and  certify  the  same  to  the  vestry.  clerk.  lorded  to  the  ,  I  Lb  natured  effici,  and  forms  ;  fins,  it  will  general  and  h  on  in  tl  ks,  it  a  4.  To  make  all  necessary  reports  and  returns  from  time  to  time  to  the  vestry-clerk.  5.  To  attend  to  the  business  appertaining  to  deserted  or  neglected  families,  should  the  committee,  upon  consiel  see  at  to  continue  the  business  in  its  present  form.  6.  To  have  the  oversight  of  all  the  officers  attached  to  thin  department  ;  to  see  that  their  duties  indoors  are  duly  per performed,  formed, performed,  and  to  report  to  the  vestry  clerk,  for  the  information  of  the  proper  committees,  any  dereliction  of  duty  on  the  part  er  those  officers  that  may  come  under  his  notice.  Upon  the  second  point—namely,  assistance  to  the  relieving  officers—no  difference  of  opinion  appears  to  exist.  On  all  bands  it  is  an  admitted  impolicy  to  withhold  from  them  such  ass  stance  as  will  leave  them  free  to  the  vi  g  il  ant  di  scharge  of  their  out-door  d  u  ti  es  .  Th  e  assistants,  however,  should  be  ex expressly  pressly expressly  prohibited  from  acting  im  any  way  as  relieving-officers  except  with  the  ssnction  of  the  superintending  relieving-officer  in  emergent  cases.  WThe  duties  of  Messrs.  M'Clelland,  Martindale,  Blewer,  hyte,  Walker,  and  Williams,  as  relieving  officers,  are  especially  prescribed  by  the  poor  law  board  ;  and  those  of  the  following  officers,  with  a  few  slight  exceptions  as  to  forms  o  f  books,  scc.,  will  remain  as  at  present,  namely—Pay-clerk,  M  r.  Atherton  ;  assistant-clerks  to  the  relieving  officers  :  removing  officers,  Messrs.  Felton  and  Woods;  bread  distributor,  Mr.  Messenger.  oration  ;  The  remainder  of  the  business  hitherto  attached  to  the  relief  department  I  propose  to  transact  in  my  own  office—as  the  removal  of  paupers,  non-resident,  and  non-settled,  accounts;  &amp;c.  With  regard  to  an  out-door  inspector,  I  may  state  that  I  was  strongly  in  favour  of  such  an  appointment  in  the  first  instance,  and  that  nothing  has  since  occurred  to  alter  that  fepinion.  Cross  visiting,  properly  carried  out,  has  always  been  ound  effective  in  the  detection  of  mpostnre,  but  th  ere  i  s  no  f4Cea:  pt  present  t  o  per  f  orm  it;  and  if  the  relieving  officers,  gs  is  proposed,  bo  . STYLE=superscript  confined  to  the  dnties  of  their  di.tricts,  there  will  be  no  one  to  inquire  into  the  applications  for  servants  or  apprentices.  With  every  check  upon  the  relieving  officers  i  , STYLE=superscript  odeors,  there  is  none  whatever  where  it  is  most  desirable,  pa  rely,  out-doors.  His  conduct  towards  the  poor  at  their  Owellings,  and  h  ow  o  f  ten  he  visits  his  cases,  if  at  all,  must  ketuftin  4nclieeked  ;  nor  can  any  investigation  into  complaints  against  out-door  officers  be  eTeiently  investigated  without  an  in4lligent  and  experienced  off  - STYLE=superscript  Ker.—l  have  the  honour  to  be,  gentic4;4lP,  your  obedient  servant,  CHARLES  II  ART,  Yeßtry  Clerk  e  ,  and  Head  Superintend  en  t  Parish  Offices,  31st  Decembr,  1855.  It  appeared  that  a  motion  was  made  by  Mr.  Bradley  to  the  effect,  that  the  consideration  of  the  question  of  appointing  an  otit•-door  inspector,  be  deferred  until  the  ether  recommendations  were  carried  into  effect.  That  it  aquas  moved  as  an  amendment,  by  Mr.  Woodruff,  that  the  4ppointment  be  approved  of,  and  advertised  for,  a  t  a  salary  of  el5O  a  year,  liable  to  be  discontinued  at  a  notice  of  three  months.  The  amendment  was  carried.  Mr.  Denton  moved  the  adoption  of  the  recommenda  Mr.  Bradley  seconded  the  motion,  observing  that  he  had  not  now,  under  the  present  circumstances,  any  objecti  on  t  o  h  av  i  ng  an  i  ns  p  ector  appointed,  and  he  would,  therefore,  withdraw  the  opposition.  Mr.  Woodruff:  Whatever  has  been  the  change  in  Mr.  Bradley's  mind,  my  mind  has  undergone  no  change.  Mr.  Denton  :  I  had  hoped  this  would  pass  without  any  discussion.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Chairman  said  the  adoption  of  the  resolution  would  make  such  an  alteration  as  would  amount  to  the  rescinding  of  a  former  resolution,  •  order  to  perfect  the  thing,  it  would  be  necessary  to  give  notice  of  motion,  and  have  it  carried  at  the  next  ineetin  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Woodruff  :  Not  to  re-open  the  dir  and,  therefore,  cus.sion,  I  supp  ose  'lshe  Chairman  :  Oh,  no  ;  only  pro  for  This  suggestion  was  ultimately  agreed  to,  and  the  rueti3n  allowed  to  stand  as  d  notice.  The  Clerk  was  proceeding  to  read  a  letter,  addressed  to  the  Chairman  of  the  Select  Vestry,  when  Mr.  Bradley  asked  :  What  is  the  s  i  gna  ture  o  f  that  letter,  Mr.  Ran  ?  The  Clerk;  John  Dignan,"
