text
"STATE  OF  TRADE  MANCHESTER,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  Our  market  has  been  very  dull  to-day,  with  hard'  .  .,  ) STYLE=superscript  any  business  doing.  Prices  of  yarns  are  veu  irregular,  and  nay  be  quoted  id.  to  id.  down  froo  last  Tuesday.  Some  producers  are  Much  time!  : STYLE=superscript  than  others,  however;  and  dO  not  give  .  way  to  OA  same  extent.  The  export  merchants  are  n  early  ;  out  of  the  market,  preferring  to  wait4tlie  peacing  °fr  .orders,  not  in  immediate  want.  Tlie  :home  traa°  are  operating  only  from  hand  to  mouth.;  and  descriptions  of  warps  and  cops  are  accumulating'  .To-day's  market  has  been  exceedingly  depressed  , STYLE=superscript  from  a  variety  of  causes;  and  all  classes  of  Wel/  ar  e  disposed  .to  be  cautious  in  their  operations  °'&#34;  present.  We  learn  that  an  extensive  doubling  firm,  g  t STYLE=superscript  '  Hebden-bridge,  have  been  suspended  with  fiabil''  ties  amounting  to  .P5',000,  a  large  portion  of  falls  on  some  Bolton STYLE=superscript  spinners,  and  one,  a4eut  iu  that  town.  _  _  _  From  the  weekly STYLE=superscript  circular  of  Messrs.  Stevens  o STYLE=superscript  9  Ross,  and  Co.,  we  note  the  following  extract:  4 STYLE=superscript  .-  The  Market  continues  in  the  same  inactive  001  an  d  any  transactions  that  have  t  been  at  rates  a  shade  und(  The  hands  at  the  several  n  ton  have  turned  out  for  s  present  stat  chance  01  in  a.dull  1111_,  lit  improveuwi:,  se.of  last,  week  t  n  consequence  of  the  t  n  a  f  voer  =  the  East  NEW  COUNCILLOR  FOR  SALFORD.—TO-Clay,  it STYLE=superscript  Ai  generally  understood,  Mr.  Millers,  sen.,  marble  mason,  °i4  be  be  returned  a  councillor  for  Trinity  Wird,  Salford/  room  of  kir.  E.  R.  Longworthy,  recently  elected  an  Salford,,,  man  of  the  borough)  without  opposition.  ADVANCE  IN  THE  PRICE  OF  MlLK.—This  e  •  in  compliance  with  a  resolution  unanimously  come  to  3 STYLE=superscript  ,0  meeting  of  farmers  and  milk-sellers,  held  at  the  vie  w. STYLE=superscript  Cattle  Market,  Salford,  the  pi  vanced  to  3d.  per  quart  ONE  FOR  RUSSIA,  —  of  tar  and  rosin,  will  bt  battle:—Dioyeneo,  inns  having  a  pleag  Ho  to  (  RR  - STYLE=superscript  EY  AND  RUSSIA.  'ORTED  DECLARATION  OF  WAR  BY  .  TURKEY  AGAINST  RUSSIA.  (PROM  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDENT.)  LONDON,  Tuesday  Night.  k STYLE=superscript  telligence  was  recei  ve  d  i  n  L  on  d  on  b  y  Electric  ele STYLE=superscript  graPh,  of  th  e  P  or  t  e  having  declared  war  against  Russia;  and  it  is  added  that  this  critical  step  has  been  taken  against  the  advice  of  the  four  powers.  tlt  h  as  been  long  foreseen,  that  unless  the  Wes Weslern  lern Weslern  powers  threw  themselves  more  decisively  into  scale  against  Russia,  Turkey  - STYLE=superscript  cyanid  be  com-  Pelled  by  the  indignation  of  the  Ottoman  popula popula.,nd  .,nd popula.,nd  1;  defence  to  atte  mpt  t  h  e  vind  i  cation  of  its  own  honor  against  the  aggressions  of  the  Czar.  folit  powerB  wished,  as  a  last  recourse,  to  try  p2  ff STYLE=superscript  eet  of  diplomacy  ;  and  in  the  hope  of  some  ts-71non  understanding  beiht;  arrived  at,  the  con-.  at  Viehnii,  have  been  resumed.  The  )  1;  ',1  )8 STYLE=superscript  taken  by  Turkey,  throws  diplomacy,  which  4  7,  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  141 STYLE=superscript  6  has  been  playing  the  game  of  Russia,aside:  ty  3. STYLE=superscript  besides  compelling  Russia  to  support  her  'At  P  r STYLE=superscript  etensions  by  arms,  it  must  tirge  the  four  ‘  l) STYLE=superscript  ::  v STYLE=superscript  ers  to  ma  k  e  th  e  i  r  e  l  ect  i  on.  A  ustria,  we  know  (  1  1i STYLE=superscript  ~L  i  tu STYLE=superscript  itO  with  ttdssia.  What  Persia  will  •do  is  44  411 STYLE=superscript  i  iint  England  and  France  can  never  per perih'ulliey  ih'ulliey perih'ulliey  to  be  sacrificed.  bi;:.lt  fund  s  in  London,  yesterday  fell  considera considera-Ate  -Ate considera-Ate STYLE=superscript  on  the  receipt  of  thi  s  news,  gi:  Ca STYLE=superscript  binet  council  has  been  held,  and  there  is  the  'ast  activity  at  the  Foreign  Office.  bead  is  again  higlieP  ih  the  metropolis.  (4 STYLE=superscript  °T  l STYLE=superscript  l  the  Edition  of  the  Morning  Chronicle.)  Ad  •  VIENNA,  Monday.  co  ,,  vices  from  Constantinople,  dated  the  27th,  !,ain  most  important  news;  te  '  l STYLE=superscript  ,  l STYLE=superscript  e  Divan  ;  a  the  Grand  Cdniicil  held  that  day,  sit STYLE=superscript  4d  declaration  of  war  against  Russia.  deport  S#S  that  hostilities  have  already  begun.  •  night  th  e  E  m  p  eror  o  f  A  us  t  r  i  a  l  e  f  t  su  dd  en  l  y  -  11 STYLE=superscript  011  4-urift  the  Prince  of  Prussia,  for  Warsaw,  where  the  of  Prussia  will  meet  them.  the,e  fourth  edition  of  the  same  jou  rna  l  con  tains  co  f STYLE=superscript  ollowing  despatch,  likewise  from  its  Vienna  ;'  r STYLE=superscript  e,sponde  n  t,  an  d  d  a  t  e  d  M  on  d  ay  even  i  ng:  —  s  i  ;;  4 STYLE=superscript  gainst  the  advice  of  the  four  Powers,  the  'tan  has  signed  the  declaration  of  1-1 STYLE=superscript  e  Globe  says  :  `  as  ` STYLE=superscript  In  giving  the  foregoing  important  intelligence,  ke  Published  by  our  contemporary,  we  would  d  oc  ,  le STYLE=superscript  lY  state  that,  although  our  own  information  pi:  not  authorise  us  to  cor  r  obo  r  ate  the  main  fact  4  8  7  declaration  of  war,  it  is  of  a  nature  to  warrant  th  e  m  Placing  every  credit  in  the  statement.  That  Sultan  had  on  the  27th  convoked  a  Grand  Co STYLE=superscript  uncil,  consisting  of  120  of  the  principal  minis minis,councillors,  ,councillors, minis,councillors, STYLE=superscript  pachas,  and  others—that  the  Ig  t  ,  e STYLE=superscript  ,  s STYLE=superscript  ,tion  of  peace  and  war  was  submitted  to  them  a  hire,  and  that  they  had  decided  in  favour  of  the  C.  -or  alternative  ;  all  this  is  beyond  a  dOubt.  Such  thethe  case,  our  readers  will  easily  see  that  all  the  Probabilities  are  in  favour  of  the  correctness  of  e  Main  feature  of  the  intelligence  communicated  the  Ch  1  ronie  e.  Other  accounts  inform  us  that  at  the  Grand  Council,  d  es  p  a  t  c  h  es  f  rom  O  mer  P  ac  h  a  were  read,  serf  in  e STYLE=superscript  ntly  counselling  war  befor  e  th  e  w  i  n  t  er  should  is  also  stated  that  Prince  Gortschakoff  was  1 STYLE=superscript  1  L STYLE=superscript  loving  troops  as  if  he  intended  to  cros  s  th  e  D  anu  b  e  or  the  purpose  of  attacking  the  Turkish  position  at  We.  extract  the  following  particulars  from  the  Standard  :  Most  of  the  Paris  papers  give  credit  to  the  state statement  ment statement  published  in  the  Assembtee  Nationale,  that  the  IMperial  meeting  at  Ol  mu  t  z  h  a  d  b  een  attended.  With  the  most  satisfactory  results,  and  that  a  peace peaceful  ful peaceful  solution  of  the  differences  might  soon  be  ex expected.  pected. expected.  The  value  of  this  intelligence,  however,  is  altogether  destroyed  by  the  accounts,  if  true,  received  this  morning  from  Constantinople,  given  above.  These  conflicting  statements  naturally  in intrease  trease intrease  the  feverish  anxiety  of  the  public  mind,  t  i  ll  t  d  the  funds  English  Exchange  have  decli  n  ed  sni.&#34;l'equence  this  morning  from  91/  92  to  90i  i  t  toho  h STYLE=superscript  o  e STYLE=superscript  eonstitutio  nnel  says  that  the  Cabinets  of  N  h  o  f  and  Paris  had  forwarded  important  des deslviliehes  lviliehes deslviliehes  by  special  couriers  to  St.  Petersburgh,  in  •  't  Was  expected  they  would  reach  by  the  6th  Th  e  vi,it  Compiegne  Emperor  and  Empress,  it  is  believed,  will  A  L  oinpiegne  about  the  Bth  inst.  q  n  imago,  the  celebrated  astronomer,  died  on  I  ,„  ‘  tlaY  last,  after  a  long  illness.  b  een  ue STYLE=superscript  Municipal  Council  of  Montreuil-sur-Mer  bas  udissolved,  because  it  refused  obedience  to  erior  authority.  ei4  Il STYLE=superscript  e  funds  improved  yesterday  owing  to  the  pa paarticle  article paarticle STYLE=superscript  in  the  Assemblee  Nationale,  the  Three  Tir,  Cents.  closing  at  75f.  20c.,  and  the  Four-and-a-  per  Cents.  at  101  f.  you  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Globe,  writing  on  day  evening,  says  ;—.  ti  el  T STYLE=superscript  he  Assemblee  Nationale  of  this  day  has  an  ar ar-04te  04te ar-04te  at  the  head  of  the  journal,  in  large  type,  leaded  so  as  to  make  the  g  r  eatest  possible  display,  in  tis'e/lit  states,  `°  upon  the  most  positive  authority,  a  '  g STYLE=superscript  at  t•  h  e  C  onference  had  been  reforme  d  ,  an  d  aga  i  n  of  et STYLE=superscript  I STYLE=superscript  ,lelY  engaged  in  efforts  to  bring  about  a  solution  31.1  ,,‘'1e  Eastern  question,  with  every  prospect  of  e  i  c STYLE=superscript  ess,  and  that  the  reports  about  an  alliance  ki  'oeri STYLE=superscript  the  three  Northern  Powers  were  utterly  ealout  foundation.  The  3  per  Cents.  closed  for  • STYLE=superscript  7 STYLE=superscript  5f  35c.  after  having  been  down  to  74f  95c.  tr  an  s  per  Cents.  closed  at  100  f  95c.  Nothing  has  4  8  d  as  yet  to  confirm  the  statement  of  the  Da  e  B STYLE=superscript  ;  e STYLE=superscript  :  / STYLE=superscript  biee,  but  all  the  'accounts  from  Vienna  are  e  ll  •  An  article  in  the  Lithographic  Sheet  of  Vi-  Or  a STYLE=superscript  of  yesterday  asserts  that  the  conferences  at  ,deillutz  were  of  a  pacific  nature.  The  telegraphic  th:P.teh,  whi  c  h  b  r  i  ngs  thi  s  i  n  f  orma  ti  on  ,  a  dd  s  th  a  t  b  rd  'MPeror  of  Austria  had  left  for  Warsaw.  We  ti  v  P  l STYLE=superscript  eviously  learned,  by  telegraph  from  •Berlin,  ItL  the  King  of  Prussia  had  also  left  for  Warsaw.  tbi  t4llB STYLE=superscript  t  be  sqmething  very STYLE=superscript  important  that  causes  ,  t.b;  M STYLE=superscript  ovement.  It  is  either  for  an  alliance  of  the  sovereigns  for  the  eventuality  of  war,  or  for  Of  c STYLE=superscript  having  for  its  object  the  maintenance  he  Let  us  hope  that  it  is  for  the  k4;le  following  is  the  paragraph  in  the  Assemblee  - STYLE=superscript  alluded  to  We  cannot  it  says,  C  ent STYLE=superscript  er  C,into  detail  as  to  what  has  passed  at  the  Yet  ow STYLE=superscript  s  er STYLE=superscript  ence  of  Olmutz.  Our  information  is  not  4  114  31 STYLE=superscript  .  1 STYLE=superscript  fficiently  complete  ;  but  we  can  positively  Co  n  T  i STYLE=superscript  llee  at  present  a  great  result.  The  Vienna  Po;  er STYLE=superscript  ence  is  re-established  between  the  four  kb  a  ,.  e STYLE=superscript  ,  r STYLE=superscript  s•  The  thread  of  negotiations,  a  moment  ( STYLE=superscript  Med,  has  been  resumed;  and  a  happy  and  for  „'  Prompt  solution  than  could  have  been  hoped  I)r  o  a  Saturday,  and  even  yesterday  morning,  is  4 STYLE=superscript  ef,  a STYLE=superscript  u,le•  All  the  rumours  of  an  offensive  and  Jo  v  ,  - STYLE=superscript  ,:  s STYLE=superscript  ive  coalition  between  the  three  Northern  1 STYLE=superscript  N  are  false.  The  Emperor  Nicholas  has,  it  t STYLE=superscript  he  ow STYLE=superscript  n  , STYLE=superscript  quitted  Olmutz.  His  Majesty  left  on  Is  'ilite  o,,e STYLE=superscript  .,„  r STYLE=superscript  tiug  of  the  28th  ult.,  with  his  ordinary  His  Majesty  the  Emperor  Francis  Joseph  ~  4•  :  I  'cepted  the  courteous  invitation  made  to  him  at  'Vv:,  Emperor  of  Russia  to  pass  one  or  two  days  .11,-fsaw.  18semblie  then  adds  the  following  para para'  ' para'  The  Marquis  of  Lansdowne  left  Paris  ling  in  order  to  attend  a  Cabinet  Council  to  be  held  this  day  at  London.  All  the  s STYLE=superscript  ..of  the  Cabinet  have  been  convoked  to  lth  th  e  t  °'  b.pig  positi,  14 STYLE=superscript  4,,  1  1 STYLE=superscript  .1  1 STYLE=superscript  'have  been  corn.  vFti  tt  Qe4  said  on  the  subj.,  1  1  ,  •  t,  1  1  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  t  t  l STYLE=superscript  e  4:PY  event,  th  e  resu  lt  s  of  thb  ile  1  1  '  A STYLE=superscript  des  into  comparative  insigni  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  t  4 STYLE=superscript  t  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  7 STYLE=superscript  icement  at  the  head  of  this  Oimu  attributing  'erences  at  A.  1  11-1.11111.  ?'ell STYLE=superscript  er  nic  er STYLE=superscript  from  Berlin  of  the  30th  says,  that  it  is  4(.1f  the  - STYLE=superscript  „  37 STYLE=superscript  believed  in  that  capital  that,  in  the  event  .d  Bull  l. STYLE=superscript  ,?  B STYLE=superscript  euce  at  Constantinople  of  the  combined  a'  n  — STYLE=superscript  d  B STYLE=superscript  Sia  would  consider  the  treaty  of  of  184  .  ,7  0 STYLE=superscript  /Is4  --4 STYLE=superscript  void,  and  no  longer  bound  by  its  prow prowisedict  isedict prowisedict STYLE=superscript  !i  n STYLE=superscript  deed,  some  persons,  go  so  far  as  to  tithed  if  such  a  precedent  were  to  be  estab  E  s  her  regard  to  any  particular  treaty,  all  by  .bes STYLE=superscript  with  Turkey  would  share  the  same  .D,  J3 STYLE=superscript  .44  1 STYLE=superscript  :  1  ,  t  e  l  il  Russia  woyld  gre_atly  the  accounts  from  Be  - STYLE=superscript  ssrambia  and  the  44  '  nrt STYLE=superscript  ellr  in  stating  that  the  scourges  of  cholera  forYoll4  f STYLE=superscript  oyersjuyariably  attendant  upon.the  concentration  of  Russian  masses,  are  committing  their  usual  havoc  among  the  troops.  On  the  other  hand,  these  troops  are  described  as  being  in  ad admirable  mirable admirable  order,  and  furnished  with  every:  requisite  for  taking  the  field  under  the  best  auspices..  From  the  Baltic  we  hear  that  the  Russian  fleet  had  been  ordered  to  Cronstadt—accoiding  to  some  accounts,  to  be  laid  up  in  ordinary  for  the  winter,  in  consequence  of  the  severe  weather;  as  others  say  to  be  ready  for  any  emergency.  Advices  from  Asia  speak  with  certainty  of  a  strong  Russian  army  being  concentrated  in  the  Caucasus  ;  it  is  said  to  be  composed  of  from  100,000  to  120,000  men,  and  is`posted  on  the  frontier  and  along  the  shores  of  the  Euxine.  The  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chron Chronicle,  icle, Chronicle,  thus  writes  on  this  subject  :—ln.coiToboration  of  the  first  part  of  this  intelligence,  an  electric  despatch,  received  to-day  from  Vienna,  and  dated  yesteiday  (Sunday,)  states  that  the  Correspond Correspondance  ance Correspondance  Autrichienne,  which  is  the  semi-official  jour journal-,  nal-, journal-,  announces  that  the  conferences  of  Olmutz  have  been  of  a  pacific  character.  It  adds  that  the  Emperor  of  AuStria  was  to  set  out  that  evening  for  Warsaw.  The  intelligence  from  both  these  quarters•agree,  first,  in  declaring  that  the  councils  of  •  the  Northern  Powers  are  rather  pacific  than  otherwise,  but  refrains  -from  giving  any  informa informatienas  tienas informatienas  to  the  reasons  on  which  they  ground  their  assertions.  It  is  not  improbable  that  some  further  conferences  on  the  Eastern  queStion  may  be  held  at  Warsaw,  the  King  of  Prussia  no  longer  being  represented,  as  at  Olmutz,  by  his  brother  and  nephew.  It  is  said  here  that  the  Marquis  of  Lansdowne  has  taken  with  him  to  England  an  assurance  froni  the.  Emperor  of  the  French  that  he  would  faithfully  act  with  England  in  all  the  measures  which  she  may  think  fit  to  adopt  on  the  Eastern  question.  (From  the  fourth  edition  of  the  Morning  Chronicle.)  •  BY  SUBMARINE  TELEGRAPH.  FROM  OUR  VIENNA  CORRESPONDENT.]  VIENNA,  MONDAY,  EVENING.  Against  the  advice  of  the  Four  Powers,  the  Sultan  has  signed  the  declaration  of  war.  FRANCE,  PARIS,  MONDAY  There  is  to  be  no  change  in  the  price  of  bread.  The  Moniteur  of  this  morning  fixes  it  for  the  next  fortnight,  at  40  and  32  centimes  the  21b  loaf  as  before.  The  Jourhal  de's  Chemins.  de  Fer  gives  the  last  receipts:—  Excess  over  the  corresponding  •  week  of  last  year.  Northern  Rouen  Havre  Orleans  ...  ,  ...  886.122  Lyons  Strasburg  Bale  Monterian  Western  .  64.020  30.723  153.018  2.795  3.849  15.158  If  we  classify  the  railroads  according  to  the  augmentation  in  the  receipts,  they  will  stand  in  the  following  order  :—Orleans,  Havre,  Strasburg,  Mediterranean,  Northern,  Rouen,  Monterian,  Lyons,  Western,  Bale.  The  dissolution  of  the  company  of  St.  Digier  to  Gray,  by  its  fusion  with  the  Strasburg  line,  was  voted  by  the  shareholders,  at  a  meeting  held  on  the  29th  inst.  In  the  weekly  bulletin,  surprise  is  expressed  at  the  heaviness  of  Northern  shares,  which  are  ex expected  pected expected  to  pay  a  dividend  of  50  francs,  or  more  than  61-  per-cent.,  at  the  present  price:  .The  Journal  de  Frankfort,  which  passes  for  being  an  organ  of  the  Russian  Government,  says  it  knows  :that  as  long  as  a  British  or  French  ship  of  War  remains  in  the  Bosphorus  the  Czar  will  not  evacuate;  but  that  he  will  do  so  the  moment  the  note  of  the  conference  shall  have  been  accepted  and  the  foreign  ships  of  war  have  been  withdrawn.—  Galignani,  The  Journal  des  Debats  has  an  article  on  Spa Spanish  nish Spanish  affairs,  congratulating  the  New  Ministry  on  having  recalled  Narveaz,  as  auguring  well  for  the  constitutional  cause  from  that  act—the  other  papers  present  little  worthy  of  extract.  Great  efforts  have  been  made  by  the  bulls  to  make  a  good  liquidation  for  the  end  of  the  month,  but  large  deliveries  of  Stock  to-day  have  caused  a  debline.  The  following  are  the  closing  prices  ;-  3  per  Cents,  74.60;  44-  per  Cents,  100.60;  Bank,  2800;  credit  fancier;  625;  ditto  mobilier,  730.  Shares  :  Orleans,  1215;  Rouen,  1015  ;  Havre,  505  ;  Northern,-837;  Strasburgh,  925  ;  Bale,  367;  Lyons,  895,  Mediterranean,  730;  Western,  702!  Central,  515.  •  The  Czar  having  left  Olmutz  on  the  28th,  we  are  anxiously  looking  to  the  dispatches.  from  the  Am Ambassadors  bassadors Ambassadors  for  further  information  ;  but  private  ac accounts  counts accounts  speak  of  much  cordiality  between  the  Em Emperors,  perors, Emperors,  in  which  the  Prince  of  Prussia  participated.  The  Sidele  criticises  the  conduct  of  the  King  of  Prussia,  as  indicative  of  the  temporising  policy  of  that  Sovereign.  By  absenting  himself  personally  from  Olmutz  he  sheaved  deference  to  the  liberal  cause  in  Germany;  and  conciliated  the  Emperor  by  sending  the  Prince  Royal.  The  Pays  has  a  weak  article  on  the  Eastern  question,  in  which  it  endeavours  to  exculpate  itself  from  the  charge  of  attenuating  the  importance  of  the  passage  of  the  Dardanelles.  The  Assentblee  Nationale  speaks  of  the  late  mea measures  sures measures  of  the  Bank  of  England,  and  what  it  calls  a  financial  crisis  to  the  effects  of  free-trade.  But  it  argues  that,  under  these  circumstances,  it  will  be  impossible  for  the  Bank  of  France  to'avoid  raising  their  rate  to  at  least  4  per  cent.  The  anxiety  of  the  Government  on  the  corn  question  is  evinced  by  two  more  decrees  in  the  Moniteur  of  this  morning  ;  olio  extending  by  six  months  the  remission  of  the  navigation  duties,  and  another  prohibiting  the  exportation  of  vegetables  till  July,  1854.  •  Telegraphic  despatches  have  been  received  from  Constantinople  dated  the  22nd.  They  make  no  mention  of  the  arrival  of  the  fleets.  The  Toulounais  of  the  27th  says—'.  By  a  telegra telegraphic  phic telegraphic  despatch  received  yesterday,  orders  were  given  for  all  officers  and  soldiers  on  furlough  to  be  immediately  recalled.—Galignani.  _  _  The  Madrid  journals  did  not  appear.  on  Monday,  the  26th,  but  a  letter  of  that  date  The  Cones  will  be  probably  convoked  - STYLE=superscript  for  the  15th  . STYLE=superscript  of  November.  General  Narvaez  is  expected  at  . STYLE=superscript  the  beginning  of  October.—Galignani.  We  read  in  We  have  received  two  letters  from  •  Genoa  complaining  of  the  misrepre misrepresentations  sentations misrepresentations  of  the  conduct  of  Miss  Margaret  .Cun .Cunninghame,  ninghame, .Cunninghame,  contained  in  the  letter  of  an  English Englishman,  man, Englishman,  copied  into  this  journal  from  the  Post.  The  Englishman  states  that  she  distributed  the  tracts  at  Lugliano,  the  day  previous  to  her  doing  so  at  Be Benabbio,  nabbio, Benabbio,  and  that  she  was  assaulted  by  the  enraged  Peasantry  with  stones  in  consequence.  This,  .our  Genokeorrespondents  assure  us,  is  an  unmitigated  falsehood.  Miss  C.  did  nothing  of  the  kind,  nor  would  she  have  distributed  any  tracts  at  - STYLE=superscript  all,  •  but  that  she  was  in  entire  ignorance  that  her  so  doing  was  an  Offence  against  the"
