text
"I  3REIGN  PORTS,  g  d  s  D  H  ec  a  .  rd  2  i  s  e  .  .  from  Constantinople  at  Smyrna,  an  d  left  Cook,  from  Constantinople  at  S  myrna,  and  left  forL  Leb  a  non  bArabianan  Alexandria,oii  (  (8  for  Alexandria,  Dec.  26.  British  Queen  e  M  m  ar  er  ty  ar  n  a  ,  Constantinopleafrtomßerehaven,tor  Qto  u  a STYLE=superscript  e  t STYLE=superscript  en  S STYLE=superscript  a  iny STYLE=superscript  w  m STYLE=superscript  n  for  orders-7o  a;  iC STYLE=superscript  e  a STYLE=superscript  r  t STYLE=superscript  s  e STYLE=superscript  L  7  Herr,  days'  er STYLE=superscript  passage—encountered  dreadf  u  l  weather,  Cargo,  hardwood.  fro(am.g.D),  York,  111'Burnie,  hence  at  Mobile.  Favourite,  Lythgce,  hence  at  Apalachicola.  Mr.  Edwards  :  The  conduct  of  the  nurses  has  been  fully  investigated.  _  _  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Batten  thought  that  Mr.  Mann  had  been  made  a  vic victim,  tim, victim,  and  that  he  had  not  hada  fair  trial,  for  it  was  well  known  that  for  some  time  past  there  had  been  a  regular  system  of  opposition  to  Mr.  Mann  by  the  servants  of  the  hospital  ;  that  there  had  been  several  disputes  between  him  and  Mr.  Lister,  and,  from  a  report  of  a  committee,  he  found  that  confirmed;  and  that  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Lister  had  been  reprobated  by  the  committee.  Mr.  Edwards  :  Why  do  you  not  bring  a  direct  charge  against  Mr.  Lister?  — STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Batten  :  The  committee's  report  makes  a  charge  against  him.  —.  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Edwards  :  There  has  not  been  a  single  charge  proved  against  him.  - STYLE=superscript  11  r.  Batten,  after  some  further  remarks,  concluded  by  suggesting  the  propriety  of  applying  to  the  Poor-law  board  to  send  down  an  inspector,  to  enquire  into  the  whole  of  the  arrangements  of  the  hospital.  Mr.  Harrison  and  Mr:Edwards  stated,  respectively,  that  they  would  not  oppose  such  an  inquiry,  as  they  believed  it  would  be  beneficial.  On  the  suggestion  of  the  Chairman,  Mr.  Batten  moved  a  formal  resolution,  to  the  effect,  that  the  Poor-law  board  be  requested  to  send  down  an  iinspector,  to  make  a  full  in investigation  vestigation investigation  into  the  management  of  the  hospital.  Mr.  Bolshaw  seconded  the  amendment,  which  was  unanimously  adopted  ;  and  the  clerk  was  directed  to  apply  to  the  Poor-law  board.  At  a  subsequent  period  of  the  meeting,  a  letter  was  read  from  the  Pour-law  board,  in  answer  to  a  communication  from  the  board,  stating  that  there  was  no  reason  to  alter  the  positiun  of  Idiss  Hobbs,  the  matron  ;  but  suggested  that  Mr.  Mann,  should  be  called  upon  to  resign.  With  regard  to  the  letter,  the  subject  was  not  discussed,  as  the  determi determination  nation determination  of  the  boud  to  send  for  an  inspector  rendered  it  unnecessary.  THE  GUARDIANS  ON  &#34;'DACCA  AND  The  workhouse  committee  after  recommending  that  a  bed  and  some  other  comforts  should  be  :provided  for  the  sewing  -mistress,  which  Mr.  Gough  was  instructed  to  pro procure,  cure, procure,  the  report  of  the  visiting  officers  recommended  that  the  aged  poor  should  be  provided  with  either  tobacco  or  snuff  by  the  board,  instead  of  driving  them  to  the  neceL  sky  of  bartering  away  their  food  for  such  luxuries,  to  the  knowledge  of  the  guardians,  they  were  in  the  habit  of  doing.  Mr.  Mullins  moved  that  no  such  luxuries  be  supplied  to  the  old  women.  Mr.  Harrison,  after  stating  how  much  the  poor  enjoyed  their  'bacca  and  which,  to  them,  was  almost  a  , STYLE=superscript  necessary  of  life,  moved  that  all  the  poor  old  women  above  the  age  of  sixty  be  provided  with  the  above  articles  in  moderation.  In  answer  to  the  Chairman,  the  master  of  the  house  said  he  was  certain  that  the  poor  old  women  did  barter  away  their  bread  and  other  necessaries  for  tobacco.  Mr.  Abrahams  wished  to  know  whether  the  poor-law  board  would  permit  them  to  make  such  an  expenditure.  The  master  of  the  house  replied  that  the  poor  in  the  Liverpool  workhouse  were  supplied  with  each.  It  was  unanimously  decided  that  the  poor  women  should  be  supplied  with  either,  if  above  the  age  of  sixty,  and  that  those  under  that  age  should  also  hare  it  if  the  surgeon  of  the  house  gave  his  sanction.  MISCELLANEOUS  The  master  was  instructed  to  purchase  some  hose  for  the  water-pipes,  in  case  of  fire.  Letters  were  alsojread  from  the  poor-law  board  on  mere  matters  of  detail  arrangements,  of  no  public  interest.  The  board  soon  after  adjourned."
