text
"RE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  THURSDAY,  DECEMBER  1,  1853.  A  large  Ship,  apparently  new,  with  passen  gers,  in  lat  15  n,  lon  25  w.  Oct  25  Martaban,  bound  s.w  ,  in  lat  15  n,  lon  25  w.  Oct  25  Matilda  Luckie.  from  London  to  Demerara  in  lat  21.  lon  29,  Oct  28  Harleys,  of  South  Shields,  in  lat  51,  lon  IO  w,  by  the  Eliza,  at  Queenstown,  Nov  26  Passenger,  in  lat  38  n,  lon  I  0  w,  Nov  13  Marchioness  of  Douglas,  in  lat  49,  lon  9  w,  by  the  Napan  Belle,  Nov  24  America,  from  Calcutta  to  London,  in  lat  45  n.  lon  11  w,  Nov  15  Abb  , STYLE=superscript  y,  Lands,  in  lat  48,  lon  9  w,  by  the  Terpsicore  Maritime  Extracts.  Ann  &amp;  Sarah,  Tute,  sailed  from  Alexandria,  Nov  10th  ;  and  Caledonia,  Oct  14,  both  for  Liverpool.  Persian,  (s.)  Milburn,  at  Malta,  and  left  Nov  14.  for  4yra  and  Constantinople.  Balbec.  (s.)  from  Liverpool  at  Malta,  and!  left  Nor  2  ,  for  Alexandria  Nicolino,  Azzopordi  from  Liverpool  at  Malta]  Marinusen,  Gertruida,  from  Liverpool  at;  Zeirik  zee.  Jamsetzee  Cursetzee,  Withycombe,  from  l STYLE=superscript  Liverpool  at  Bombay.  Oct  26.  Schah  Jehan,  Johns,  from  Bombay  at  l  Calcutta.  _  Lancashire,  sailed  from  Saugor,  Oct  16  ;  and  Ellen  Oct  IS,  both  for  Liverpool.  Simoon,  Ellwood,  from  Bombay  at  Colombo  Shakspeare,  Ferguson,  from  Cardiff  at  Singapore.  Senator,  Philpot,  from  Sydney  at  Singapore.  Countess  of  Seafield,  Jones,  from  Shanghai  at  Singapore.  Chusan,  (s)  Downs.  sailed  from  Singapore,  Oct  16,  for  Austra'ia,  with  ihe  mails  from  England,  of  Aug  24;  Planta,  anet,  Oct  12;  and  Esmeralda,  Oct  12,  both  for  I  iverpool  :  _  __  .  Ochtertyro,  from  Melbourne  at  Biauritius  'and  sailed  Oct  15,  for  Liverpool.  Owen  Potter,  Banks,  from  Calcutta  at  Mauri  ius.  _  Chymene,  Graham,  from  Caleut'a  at  Mauri•  'tins.  Corinthian,  Kemp,  from  Liverpool  at  Mauri.  tins.  Flora  Dena,  Dimble,  from  Liverpool  al  elbourne.  South  Esk,  from  Liverpool  at  Havanna.  Anversois,  Menlewan,  from  Liverpool  al  IHavanna.  _  .  -  .  Amelia  Hill,  Hill,  foom  Liverpool  at  Ma•  stanzas  _  _  at  Liverpool,  signalled  the  barque  !Abbey.  Lands,  outward  bound,  in  lat  46'20  n,  lon  14  6w,  Nov  3.  A  derelict  Brig,  with  male  bust  figure  head,  four  cabin  windows,  painted  carved  work  on  the  stern,  and  bulwarks  painted  yellow,  was  passed  Nov  22,  in  lat  45  n,  lon  13  w,  by  the  Napan  Belle,  arrived  here.  Glaucus,  arrived  here  yesterday,  sailed  from  Paraiba,  Oct  is,  and  left  the  John  Bibby,  to  sail  in  ten  days  for  Liverpool.  On  the  night  of  Nov  75,  in  lat  51  n.  lon  8  w,  encountered  a  very  heavy  thunder  squall.  with  very  dangerous  lightning.  &amp;c  ,  and  unusually  large  hail  stones.  Wind.  a.W.  The  Cambria,  (s)  sailed  this  morning  for  Havre,  with  cargo  and  passengers,  and'  340,00  dol  , STYLE=superscript  ars  in  specie,  ex  Margaret,  (s)  put  back  yesterday.  BOMBAY,  Oct.  28.  The  Lord  Auckland,  having  been  repaired.  was  found  on  reloading,  to  make  water  again  ;  the  leak  proeeeds  from  the  doublings  on  the  stern,  and  as  the  repairs  cannot  be  efficiently  come  leted  afloat,  she  will  have  to  discharge  and  be  docked.  The  Bolton.  from  Sydney,  on  entering  the  harbour,  in  charge  of  a  pilot,  grounded  on  Casaufut  Shoal.  The  diver,  reports  a  portion  of  the  false  keel  and  fore  gripe  injured.  MAURITIUS,  Oct.  i  8•  The  Meridian.  off  and  from  London  to  Syd Sydney,  ney, Sydney,  was  wrecked  on  Amsterdam  Island,  Aug  24,  the  captain,  I  seaman,  and  I  passenger  drowned,  remainder  taken  off  the  Island,  after  being  there  II  days,  in  a  state  of  starvation.  The  Surpass,  Sherries,  for  Queenstown.  put  back  here,  Oct  gth,  leaky,  and  partly  dismasted.,  The  George  Dean,  for  Table  Bay,  put  back  I  to  stop  a  leak,  Oct  14."
