text
"_  ~  ,  ,  ,  _  •  _  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  .  - STYLE=superscript  .c  i STYLE=superscript  •  .  .  _  .  .  .  .  .  at  .  -------  -  --  CR  A  YON  SEETCHES.  quently  _heard  to  declare  that  Maraes  death,  by  the  tain  pUblic  character,  the  same  may  be  said  of  him'  OCEAN  STEAMERS.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.-YESTERDAY.  '  ---•-  hand  of  Charlotte  Corday,  was  entirely  too  good  for  that  he  had  gone  through  too  fiery  an  ordeal  to  At  the  meeting  of  the  Institution  of  Civil  Engineers  on  rirritten  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times)  this  year  of  37/  s  cis9  .  BY  COUNT  DE  GABALIS.  ...,  .  the  miscreant.  The  doctor  (Guillotin)  whose  name  leave  any  question  of  his  entire  deVotion  to  co  •  nste•  Tuesdays  Mr.  J:  M.  Rendel,  president,*  in  the  chair,  the  SUGAR.-The  transactions  to-day  have  been  again  chil  show  a  delivery  for  :  consumption  .  852  of  ..,  e  *was  bestowed  on  the  fearful  instrument  of  execu-  tutional  monarch  Whatev  y.  er  privations  he  may  discussion  on  ocean  steamers,  reported  in  the  Daily  News  of  with  the  refiners,  consisting  of  110  hhds  Antigua,  at  31s  9  weekly  against  an  nctual  consumption  m  I  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.  •  taon,  o  w  f  le•  hR  b  •  o  s,  an  ,  a  o  s  a  es,  a  s  ,a  so  le  0  espierre  made  such  dreadful  use,  have  endured,  whatever  sufferings  he  was  emu  .  Thursday  last,  was  resumed.  .  With  respect  to  the  t  34  •  d  1  250  b  e  D  t  -t  33  6d  •  l  30  hhds  propor-  bales  weekly.  .  .-  '  ...  .  4  T  O  h  ,  e  99  a  o  e  t  i  u  v  a  e  l  r  e  e  x  r  p  e  p  o  r  o  ts  r  te  w  d  e  as  r  e  t  l  alc  i  r  B  n  oo  on  b  a  s  p  l  e  e  s  c  .  ula  T  t  i  h  o  e  n  a  an  n  d  ne  f  x2  o  r  esd  e:  taisb  .  ii  te  to  -  though  it  was  not  his  original  invention,  was  well  pelled  to  undergo  in  prison,  perhaps,  it  was  not  tions  of  6to  1,  which  had  been  desired  from  as  ancient  a  Porto  Rico,  to  the  grocers,  at  34s  9d  to  35s  V  cwt.  VlNlSK.....T.fissau-  ~..-.1.•••=m,....11.1.hr5.  4...__________  .......^  V.,  ..-  ~  ~  -,....,:-...-,,,  to  ,  known.  to  him,  and  he  perfectly  remembered  his  entirely  in  vain  that  they  were  borne  ;  for,  of  one  type  as  Noah's  Ark,  it  was  remarked  that  as  that  construe-  No  sales  of  Molasses.  THE  LITE  - STYLE=superscript  JAMES  ROCDE,  ron:,  OF  CORE.  famil  -  y,  as  they  resided  not  far  from  Bordeaux.  thing  we  have  been  assured  from  his  own  lips,  t  at  h  tion  had  not  been  designed  either  for  sailing  or  steaming,  Re:se-110  puncheons  Demerara  have  been  sold  at  prices  od  •  Arrivals  of  foreign  wheat  and  flourscontin  ue  gp  )  f  o  r  (The  lair'  r-40-riv  4  ,0  f  t!lp  r  ia  .  ritlfsisi?  , STYLE=superscript  *  Magazine.)  .  ,  The  doctor  had  been  educated  there,  and  became  no  matter  what  he  might  have  been  on  going  in  he  but  only  to  float  with  a  very  large  cargo,  it  afforded  no  slightly  in  favour  of  buyers.  LONDON  CORN  EXCHANGE.-YrorzloAlb'at  .  the  latter  more  moderate  than  of  late  of  other  grain.  ,  i,  te  el  sd  ibu  r  t  eP  ,,  f  ,  :  o  T  os  sl  el  e;  ,  TETE  stitect-of  our  prsent  elieteh  was  descended  professor  in  the  Irish  college,  but  he  soon  re-  came  out  a  wiser  and  a  better  man.  No  one  - STYLE=superscript  ,  to  ' STYLE=superscript  be  analogy  for  vessels  built  for  speed,  however  propelled.  As  Of  Coffee,  100  bags  Java  are  reported  at  52s  V  cwt.  from  uneestorsenot  only  distinguished  and  illus-•  ces  - STYLE=superscript  a  flounced  his  theological  studies  for  those  of  medi-  sure,  will  volunteer  to  make  choice  of  such  a  coer-  steam  propulsion  was  employed,  the  analogy  became  still  JUTE.-At  auction  to-day,  130  bales  realised  £23  7s  6d  ers  evincing  great  indifference  to  se  ,  Pri  •  o  f  sO5  l STYLE=superscript  l  h  isl  l  i  d  and  fo  .  reign  smaller  .  .  .Attendance  u  ll  n  .  usua  .  ll STYLE=superscript  Y  ste  e STYLE=superscript  .l  3  lll  less  apparent  ;  and  as  an  instance  of  the  advantage  of  to  £23  12s  6d  V  ton  ;  the  Sunn  Hemp  offered  was  bought  °  trious  but  whTe  genealogy  is  far  fe.ore  patent  in  •  •  ,  ,  _  .  .  _  ,  i  .  •  eine  .  when  he  went  to  Paris,  where  he  acquired  civ  .  e  system  of  education,  or  mental  discipline,  but  as  on  Monday,  but  to  have  forced  sales  a  reduction  I.so.  its  cottaaetkan  manes  Of  :  the  rOyal  i  lineS'of  Europe.  „  yr  .  shillings  would  have  been  necessary.  Only  a  cargo  is  ,  :  •  eat  professional  eminence  He  became  a  deputy  as  it  had  come  nolens  volens  ,  ,he  was  wont  to  sa  lengthening  ships,  the  case  of  the  vessels  belonging  to  the  in  considerable  above  the  price  bid.  Y/  North  of  Zurope  Steam  Navigation  Company  seas  mentioned.  Five  hundred  bags  Bombay  Linseed  brought  55s  ;  220  On  the  pate•rhal  side.he  derives  from  a  highly  aris-  in  9,  and  then  it  was  that  he  proposed  the  a  op-  tat  perhaps,  at  no  other  period  of  his  life,  could  The  City  of  Norwich,  183  feet  long,  26  feet  beam,  471  tons  P STYLE=superscript  178  '  d  h  r  e  mi  ati  r  u  l;  s  e  v  a  h  r  e  g  a  u  t  e  rld  i  ll4he  .  zZel  h  at  ea  •  p  6s  er  s  ,  tocratitrabotooks  whether  we  seelc  for.far  descent  or  tion  of  the  instrument  of  death,  from  which  he  it  happen  more  opportunely.  When  the  death  of  barthern,  and  200  horse-power,  could  carry,  as  cargo,  220  bags  Calcutta,  54s  Vqr  ;  200  bags  Sumatra  black  Pepper,  4-,  1 STYLE=superscript  ,--,  St?  lb  ;  and  a  small  lot  of  Lima  wood,  £l3  15s  V  ton.  territeenerdominion  ;  while  on,  the  - STYLE=superscript  maternal  side,  .•  .  •  narrowly  escaped  himself,  though  it  was  generally  Robespierre  threw  open  the  doors  of  his  prison,  his  head  of  cattle,  at  a  speed  of  10  knots  per  hour,  but  she  the  vieW  o STYLE=superscript  4l3-still..more  •  unlimited  and  of  *neater  TEA.-The  business  reported  to-day  is  on  rather  a  small  v  B  6d  ea  t  n  e  s  i  a  s  n  e  d  he  p  a  e  p  as  er.  unaltered  in  value.  Oats  slow  Salu  '  For  flour  no  demand.  b  believed  he  was  one  of  its  earliest  victims.  He  was  first  resort  was  to  the  quarters  of  a  friend,  who  had  rolled  considerably  with  a  beam  sea  ;  whilst  the  Tonning,  scale,  but  h  i  olders  remain  firm  •  common  Congou  is  nominall  '  -  '  On  'Change  to-day,  Scotch  pig  iron,  78s  6d  to  79s  901. STYLE=superscript  .  pride.  .  :Ws  father  was  the  direct  :  and  lineal  in  prison,  and  under  orders  for  execution,  when  the  been  particularly  solicitous  about  his  liberation,  222  feet  long,  27  feet  beam,  734  tons  burthen,  and  200  worth  Is  3  s  d  V  lb.  descenchtil“fiiid  iviiiresentive  of  •  the  ,  celebrated  y  p  ,  y  hom  he  had  ceased  to  receive  any  cora-  horse-power,  carried  360  head  of  cattle,  at  a  speed  of  12  Cone:N.-The  character  of  the  market  was  steady.  The  ----  sudden  death  of  the  t  rant  Robes  ierre  b  whose  but  from  w  WAKEFIELD  CORN  MARKET.---NEsTE'  w° STYLE=superscript  '  d  Maurice  .ii  ieche,  who  sucC6d  ed  JOhn  Meagh,  as  knots  per  hour  ;  she  was  a  remarkably  easy  vessel,  and  had  mandate  he  was  to  suffer,  restored  him  to  liberty.  munication,  for  some  weeks  previously.  On  reach-  sales  were  6,000  bales,  of  which  1,000  was  taken  on  specu  e  mayor  or  '  4l. STYLE=superscript  *  i STYLE=superscript  thW  r STYLE=superscript  git*  bt  'Cork,  in'  1571;  and  .  received  lation  and  for  export.  lim  p  te  e  d  ar  d  r  um  iva  au  ls  d  o?  o  W  w  i  i  i  t  e;,t  rtz  proved  her  seaworthy  .  qualities  by  coming  safely  round  the  He  wrote  several  valuable  works  on  professional  ing  the  well  known  premises  in  the  Rue  P  I STYLE=superscript  'l  from  Qufsia  n  qizabeth  during  his  terxn  of  office,  a  '  coast  of  Scotland  during  the  late  gale  in  September.  Thus,  ---  b•  st  and.  died  eacefull  in  1814  at  7  su  jet  s,  ,  p  y„  a  N  one-  it  was  with  some  difficulty  lie  could  even  obtain  an  •  LIVERPOOL  CORN  EXCHANGE.-YESTERDAY.  71l  oo STYLE=superscript  d  l STYLE=superscript  e's  collar  eat  - STYLE=superscript  e  - STYLE=superscript  V.?:S  . STYLE=superscript  .,..itikli'lio  se  *  dran  dfather:  'tires  D  avid  th  h  t  e  same  engine  power  by  merely  altering  the  pro-  t  t  h  h  a  e  m  t  p  s  e  e  l  r  v  t  e  .  s  f  r  r  o  r  i  m  e  e  s  L  f  i  u  y  r  e  rable  aee  answer  to  his  urgent  inquhies  ;  but  he  did  succeed  wi STYLE=superscript  •  '  '  portions  from  7  to  I  to  8  to  1,  nearly  60  per  cent.  more  Rochessliertl,  Vigcottftt  Fermoy:  (  But  this  paternal  -  '  The  aspect  of  the  corn  trade  throughout  the  country  con con,  , con,  The  principal  bent  of  his  fancy  during  all  this  •  in  getting  it-he  had  been  sent,  just  the  day  be  cargo  space  was  obtained,  and  2  knots  per  hour  were  gained  tinues  dull,  prices  in  the  leading  markets  generally  inclining  Barley  recedes  ls  to  2s  V  qr,  and  there  is  - STYLE=superscript  little  denit  o  .  dmivation,  diaitifi  gra  ;  noble  :  - STYLE=superscript  a  s STYLE=superscript  s  ;it  .  seems  •  to  be,  exciting  period-and  which  was  indulged  in  more  fore,  to  the  guillotine  !We  do  not  recollect  that  in  speed,  with  improved  sea-going  qualities.  It  must  lower  for  nearly  all  articles,  and  though  we  are  not  without  light  qualities.  Oats  and  Shelling  are  nominally  th  e STYLE=superscript  dwindles  into  comparatiVerinsignificance,  When  we  *  by  way  of  recreation  than  otherwise,  finally  took  he  assigned  the  name  of  this  generous  but  unfor-  be  remarked,  also,  that  the  relative  proportions  of  the  a  tolerable  consumptive  demand  hire  from  day  to  day,  sales  Beans  Is  lower.  Other  articles  limited.  s  .  01  examftie,t4  lfitriatly  •  :roll  on  the,  female  tide.  His  have  been  practicable  only  by  submitting  to  a  reduction  ;  Arrivals  :  Wheat,  3,656;  barley,  2,231  ;  051 STYLE=superscript  '&#34;  2/6  -  e  a  ri  tt  p  r  t  a  i  c  e  t  u  e  s  d  ar  b  e  y  trheeduleoewd  3;  1 STYLE=superscript  e  c  Jr  ,  such  a  singular  hold  on  his  mind  as  to  continue  tunate  stranger  ;  but  the  occurrence  was  far  from  Tonning  were  almost  identical  with  those  of  the  pro promo  mo promo  therE  Aiirlth•  '  O'Brie  n.  was  •  (laughter  of  John  thus,  from  Tuesday,  •to  this  date,  where  transactions  have  beans,  595  ;  peas,  134  ;  rapeseed,  215  ;  shelling'  ..  O'Bripf,  ol•  Cloui  r STYLE=superscript  ities,  in  the  County  . STYLE=superscript  of  Limerick,  during  his  lengthened  and  eventful  life  a  favourite  '  .  being  singular.  Indeed,  such  incidents  took  place  posed  iron  vessel  for  the  Eastern  Steam  Navigation  Com Combeen•elosed  been•elosed Combeen•elosed  in  wheat,  ld  to  2d  per  bushel  less  money  has  malt,  55.  chief  44:1P1'  . STYLE=superscript  titriell's  - STYLE=superscript  of  Arran,  lineal  descendants  object  of  study-the  pedigree  of  races  and  families.  daily  in  the  sanguinary  routine  of  the  era.  That  Pany.  Taking  the  Wave  Queen  as  an  extreme  case-her  •  been  accented  and  in  flour  ls  per  barrel  •  of  both  these  i  Os.,  ',  ,  In  this  respect  he  became  an  oracle  to  whose  de-  the  confinement  made  him  a  wiser  and  a  better  ,  ,  „  ,  e  of  only  5  feet,  and  length  being  213  feet,  with  15  feet  beam,  and  proportions  .  .  s  ~  -  '  •  •  esoalef.  allilir:.lnaidneinla  B STYLE=superscript  s  M STYLE=superscript  e  all STYLE=superscript  i  i STYLE=superscript  .  :  4l STYLE=superscript  o  ,  of  B'seene  e  Bosh.]  The  - STYLE=superscript  O'Brien's  of  Clongibbon  cisions  all  implicitly  bowed  down.  The  most  nan,  he  was  apt  to  say,  and  it  may  be  so.  But  such  of  13  to  1  with  a  draueht  of  wat  r  'uncles  there  is  a  further  large  supply  fresh  into  this  port  SMITHFIELD  CATTLE  MARKET.-YiSese  -- STYLE=superscript  Si  bee?  E  and  `,  7 STYLE=superscript  ,o4iasn,  .  are  :  the  .eldeat  branch,  •  '  beino  comparing  her  performances  with  those  of  the  Christiana  from  the  United  States,  and  we  have  to  note  an  additional  .  ..  ~  _  .  learned,  recondite,  and  arclsological  of  our  herald  changes  of  temperament  and  subsiding  of  political  The  Beast  trade  is  better  than  on  Monday.  5 STYLE=superscript  desciSedeel  e  froixt  ,  Conoek  O'Brien,  eldest  son'  j  ' STYLE=superscript  f  kings  might  have  become  his  pupil,  and  thereby  effervescence,  must  be  presumed  to  be  all  natural  ,  u  e  Tirol  a  good  vessel,  about  170  feet  long,  and  with  ebo  t  th  the  lat  ter  in  a  quantity  of  8,632  qrs  of  Indian  corn,  and  4,717  barrels  corn  very  slowly.  Calves  readily  at  Monday'e  prices.  (s  ale  Dermod,  the  immediate  *deSeendant  of  the  great  portion  of  6to  I-it  was  found,  that  whilst  meal  from  the  same  quarter  ;  with  these  exceptions,  our  Cows,  85  ;  beasts,  970  ;  sheep  and  lamhs,  3,97  0 STYLE=superscript  ;  4  s  0  gain  instruction.  He  was  .  the  incarnation  of  enough,  since  w  .  e  have  known  the  very  remotest  general  importation  since  Monday  has  proved  moderate  ;  Celtiesugterper,  ,  Thoee  of  the  house,  of  Thomond  moderate  head-se  a  continually  shipped  the  waves,  the  ftirmer  con  ,  y  .  p  ment-faint  as  the  shadow  in  a  similar  sea  was  perfectly  dry.  The  advantages  of  278;  pigs,  340.  Beef,  2s  8d  to  4s  8d  ;  mutton,  3 STYLE=superscript  '  Debrett  How  far  th  c  mu  ea  q  ntance  of  the  Cheva-  tineenc  of  im  rison  are  next  in  seniority,  being  sprung  from  Turlough  •  of  a  shade-within  the  last  few  years,  and  in  a  employing  a  smaller  number  of  large  ships,  rather  than  a  the  exports,  chiefly  to  Ireland,  below  an  average  amount.  5s  /d  i  v  i  eal,  1  3  1  5;  I  T  4s  10d  ;,  perk,  3a  8d  to  55.  ..  ,  ,  s;  ditl  4 STYLE=superscript  O'Brfgn  ---- STYLE=superscript  Derm  - STYLE=superscript  -  - STYLE=superscript  second  -- STYLE=superscript  son  ;  whilst  the  Her  O'Gorman,  which  he  made  at  this  time,  could  lace  far  nearer  home  than  Paris  or  Bordeaux,  greater  number  of  small  ships,  for  a  given  trade,  especially  There  was  a  fair  attendance  of  local  and  country  millers  nava  :  o  and  beast,s,  298  ;'  .  ditto  sheep,  I,*-  - STYLE=superscript  tv  O'Biien's  of  Arran,-Tromra  s  and  Clontees,  are  the  have  conduced  to  lead  him  in  this  direction  of  his  P  at  this  day's  market,  and  though  we  had  less  general  pres pressure  sure pressure  of  wheat  samples,  even  ex  ship,  a  decline  of  Id  to  2d  calves,  212.  Spanish  sheep,  30.  .  third'  iri  rank,  descended  from  Turlough  O'Brien  lighter  studies,  it  would  be  difficult  to  conjecture  ;  to  cool  down  with  a  vengeance  the  insurgent  fever  for  long  voyages,  was  beginning  tis  be  generally  admitted  by  per  701bs  from  the  rates  of  Tuesday  was  conceded  ;  a  few  betteer  knoWn  'as  *Teague  Gldor,  the  fair,  the  youngest  but  he  was  accustomed  to  tell  some  anecdotes  of  of  the  Celtic  blood  !  •  shipowners.  From  a  table  recently  published  it  appeared  forced  sales  were  made  at  a  somewhat  greater  depression,  GLASGOW  MARKETS.-  -YESTERDAY-  i  son  tif  thd  sathe  Derrnod  O'Brien.:  Dermod  was  that  eccentric  character,  which  proved  that  he  re-  (To  be  eontinued,)  •  that  in  almost  every  instance  the  average  was  in  favour  of  the  largest  ships,  the  600-ton  ships  having  an  advantage  of  but  upon  the  whole  the  trade  closed  with  firmness,  and  the  Coner.-Wheat  and  Flour  continue  depressed,  ar  s  ,  'e''  King  -of  Muuetee.  Theee  O'Brien's  of  Arran  tained  him  vividly  in  his  recollection.  In  one  -  COURT  OF  calniox  PLEAS.-WESTMINSTER.  24  days  on  the  voyage  to  Australia  over  the  200-ton  ships,  sales  are  re  orted  ex  shi  aggregate  transactions  were  to  a  tolerably  good  amount.  p  p,  so  that  to  make  pro  s  et!  - STYLE=superscript  ,  were  i  alsvays  .sovereign  lords  of  those  isles  which  his  curious  and  richly  enabellished  papers  he  speaks  and  the  1,200-ton  ships  having  an  advantage  of  22  days  Flour  may  be  currently  quoted  ls  to  is  6d  per  barrel  money  than  on  last  market-day  would  have  to  ix'  ton  ships  But  even  with  this  evidence  it  Barley  droops,  also  beans.;  but  oats  are  pretty  stead,  • STYLE=superscript  '  is  er  s  lie  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  bay  - STYLE=superscript  of  •Gaiway.  arid  -of  Trornro„•  in  the  of  the  chevalier's  visits  to  his  native  country,  and  SMITH  V.  THE  AUSTRALIAN  ROYAL  MAIL  STEAM  NAVIGATION  over  the  600-  .  county  ( STYLE=superscript  '  161  't•l  tl  •e•  fEr  b  h  [S  ,?..  are,  un  i  se  rei  b  n  o  iza  et  .  ee  whichhe  declared  to  have  a  two-fold  object  :to  fabii-  COMPANY.  this  case  com  1  •  d  h  would  not  be  wise  to  rush  to  the  conclusion  that  vessels  of  cheaper  ;  sonie  parcels  of  Baltimore  and  Philadelphia  were  cleared  from  the  quay  !it  355,  and  buyers  would  have  gone  Corrox.-Demand  for  cotton  this  week  confined  ,  o  s  r  o'  cate  Celtic  genealogies  for  such  of  the  rising  Irish  passage  from  enormous  size  wou  e  app  Ica  em  a  circumstances  ;in  further•at  the  same  price  ;  subsequently  35s  6d  was  paid  in  diate  wants  of  the  trade.  Quotations  same  as  las..  '  ld  b  1'  bl  •  ll  •  •  O'Brien.a  i  Irish  DictionarY  at  the  'word  Trornra,  The  plaintiff  in  p  eine  t  at  the  defendants  un-  descriptions.  faniilies  in  foreign  service  as  required  them  at  his  fact,  that  which  determined  the  expediency  of  using  a  large  warehouse,  but  the  business  altogether  has  not  been  large.  b  e STYLE=superscript  '  ' STYLE=superscript  '  for  a  e  clearbut  :succinct  exposition  of  the  descent.]  dertook  to  supply  him  with  a  second-class  hands,  and  to  make  a  market  for  the  wine  of  his  Melbourne,  in  Australia,  to  England,  and  with  second-class  Both  malting  and  grinding  barley  was  very  unsaleable,  PIG  IRON.-Market  closes  quiet,  at  795,  mixed  na  l STYLE=superscript  '  Suchsiset  c  he  i  feint  outline  of  th  e  banker's  pedigree,  ship  was  the  coincidence  of  a  great  amount  of  tr  b STYLE=superscript  affic  and  and  the  value  almost  nominal.  Beaus  moved  off  in  retail  which  may  fairly  :  cempete  with  the  loftiest  bra,nches  own  growth  in  Burgundy,  where  he  resided.  Mr.  requisites  and  provisions  according  to  the  class  in  considera.-  great  length  of  voyage.  For  example,  it  might  be  questioned,  es  o  i  r STYLE=superscript  i  Roche  never  fa'  iled  to  enlarge  on  tho  fact  that  the  tion  of  the  passage  money  of  Z  42  10s.,  paid  tO  them  by  the  except  for  some  special  branches  of  commerce,  which.  ap-  at  barely  so  much  money  as  before.  Oats  in  slow  request,  ROCHDALE,  Nov.  28.-The  market  has  again  --  so  c  a  of  the  Ad  Qgleip,  s  genealogical  tree..  '  There  is'  ~  how-  and  id  to  .1d  per  bashel  cheaper  ;  and  oatmeal,  upon  a  chevalier  found,  notwithstanding  the  celebrity  ofhis  plaintiff  ;  but  that  they  did  not  provide  him  with  a  second-  peered  now  about  to  be  greatly  developed,  whether  a  very  active,  and  the  business  transacted  has  been  e STYLE=superscript  rsoll  evereenosigh;  for  ;our  eurpose.  The  presO  tit  head.  p  sage,  and  with  bad  and  in-  large  ship  vsould  be  likely  to  be  commercially  beneficial  ...  -  ,  and  tleptesantative  of  this  princely  race  is  Stephen.  vintage,  that  the  former  speculation  was  ever  a  more  class  passage,  and  psovisions  and  requisites  according  to  the  limited  demand,  scarcely  supported  fermer  prices.  limited  scale.  In  the  wool  market  there  is  little  s  c STYLE=superscript  ss  .  •  between  any  two  ports  of  great  Britain.  On  the  other  hand,  ce  last  week  ;  firm  prices  are  obtained,  but  the  &#34;'&#34;  lass  bat  with  a  third-class  as  Indian  corn  in  moderate  request,  with  little  variation  from  Roche,  of  Ry-ehill,  in  the  county  of  ,  Galway,  profitable  one.  He  had  discovered  a  ready  way  of  e  I.  the  rates  of  our  1  t  tainting  Celtic  pride  to  some  account.  O'Gorman  sufficient  provisions,  and  that  his  health  was  injured  by  the  with  respect  to  the  trade  between  England  and  America,  the  as STYLE=superscript  •  is  limited.  .  n  d  °LI  ,  nephoveete  e  the  subject  of  oue.inemoir.  filthy  condition  of  the  vessel,  and  by  the  insuffis  . STYLE=superscript  t  Great  Western,  as  first  designed,  although  much  the  HUDDERSFIELD,  Nov.  29-A  better  feeling  -a  „,e-4,,,  would  have  been  an  immense  favourite  - STYLE=superscript  with  the  great  e'en  ac-  LIVERPOOL  PROVISION  MARKP.T.  -YESTERDAY.  James  ,atoche,..accerding  to  -  his  .oWn  account„,  com  dt•  mo  a  ion.  The  defendants  pleaded  that  they  did  not  so  largest  ship  of  her  day,  was  of  the  smallest  size,  by  which  confidence  seems  to  have  prevailed  in  the  market  r  '  Frederick,  had  he  met  with  him,  for  he  exceeded  s  h  t  d  ldb  d  td•  d  h  1  h  tic  a  ra  e  cou  e  con  ue  e,  an  er  engt  was  The  market  for  beef  remains  in  the  same  unsatisfactory  and  a  slight  improvement  in  the  demand  for  inanw'ser  was  e  imenessrs  the  30th  December,  1770,  preciselY,  ,  promise,  that  they  had  f  dal  •  p  .  er  orme  1  that  was  required  of  state,  the  dealers  only  buying  for  their  immediate  wants,  tie  e  two  •  .3zenSt  before  the  late  S.  T.  Coleridee  and  WaS-  six  feet  five  inehes  in  height.  He  married  a  sister  them,  and  the  deficiency  in  the  provisions  was  owing  to  the  actually  increased,  during  her  construction,  to  a  point  then  having  no  confidence  in  the  high  rates  .  asked  .  in  America  for  g  0  .  oods  has  been  experienced  in  consequence.  FaneY,  se•••  the  -Mall  Motile  of  oSUlplJell,  AeaPY9,y;  gne  h  l  y  .  -liig'  .of  the  famous  Chevalier  D'Eon,  who  had  so  sin-  vessel  being  delayed  by  adverse  winds  and  by  circumstances  generally  considered  dangerous.  Since  that  period,  all  'n  maintained  Pork  is  in  retail  demand  onl  new  beef  bei  g  .  f  1  d  l•  a  b  vs'  a  isi'•  s  ,  la  s  e,  o  ow  an  mi  e  qua  ities,  an  heavy  ro  s‘  ,  secolittliv.iff  ;  I)Sarith.eoll3,ri  - STYLE=superscript  oreee  -Avon  reartr  i  t STYLE=superscript  asas  s  i STYLE=superscript  sustained,  for  many  years,  the  female  cha-  over  which  they  had  no  control.  vessels  on  that  station  had  been  successively  au,gmented  and  must  be  quoted  ls  to  2s  lower.  There  is  rather  more  been  among  the  principal  articles  disposed  of.  Ple  sps  el  l STYLE=superscript  °  fourteen  he  stated  himself,  he  Was  seut  to  ,  g  wi  ---,  f  . STYLE=superscript  Tactera  I  Every  ,  one  is  aware  how  readily,intellect  Mr.  CHAMBERS  stated  the  case  as  it  afterwards  appeared  in  dimensions,  as  the  trade  increased  ;  but  even  those  inquiry  for  bacon,  'but  holders,  being  very  anxious  to  clear  coatings  of  good  qualities  meet  •th  '  d  I  l'*&#34;  -'  ,  wi  rea  ysa  e.  for  telatefttieitil  I  ealialif  enteriscll  the  .  0  olle,ge  -0  f  .'N'ili  run  in  any  direction,  particularlY  where  inge  in  evidence,  and  called  Mr.  G.  Smith,  the  plaintiff,  who,  in  vessels  were  too  small  for  the  Australian  voyage  of  25,000  uyers  readily  hence  there  is  no  alteration  in  .  out,  meet  b  .  .  ,  .  been  a  fair  trade  d  •  th  '  imp  in  e  wool  warehouses.  ~_s  i  a  see  s  nnity  and.  koonness  of  research  may  be  nopfled  as  his  examination,  stated,-In  March  last  he  was  at  Mel-  miles,  and  the  necessity  of  increasing  the  length  was  shown,  HALIFAX,  Nov.  26.-Our  piece  hall  has  presenr  se  4ess  Saizitk  i STYLE=superscript  r  s(lllfhAtir  Frathfoof  i  t  then:ex‘  Icoltbrutcti.  ,  e  Lard  is  very  quiet  with  a  downward  tendency  the  pilots.  .It  seems,  therefore,  by  no  means  unlikely  bourne,  in  South  Australia,  anxious  to  return  to  England.  by  calculating  how  much  coal  would  require  to  be  carried,  dull  appearance  fo-day.  Scarcely  any  merchants  8 STYLE=superscript  '  1 STYLE=superscript  '00!  Met  being  affected  by  Offers  to  sell  for  Bpi:  *g  delive'ry  at.  establishiffats  l STYLE=superscript  -Hoeg  he;  esseonebecathe  •  re  inark inarkthat  that inarkthat  as  soon.as  he  discovered  the  fact  of  O'G.'s  novel  He  applift  i  to  Messrs.  Broadfoot  and  Co.,  the  defendants,  beyond  that  needed  for  an  American  voyage  in  re  r STYLE=superscript  atly  under  present  rates.  The  demand  for  in STYLE=superscript  fine  cheese  is  and  the  sales  very  few.  Yarns  go  off  slowly,  at  able  . STYLE=superscript  able  fol.  that  - STYLE=superscript  clearness-of  intellect  s  -  and  power  of_  _  rates.  The  wool  market  is  not'  active  ;  but  the  quo  ,  traffic  in  the  contraband  manufacture  of  ancestral  i  a  3  gents,  a  elbourne,  for  a  third-class  passage  by  the  Mel-  order  to  do  the  Australian  or  the  Indian  voyage  equally  g STYLE=superscript  t  di  b  t  •adr  ts  1  1  Th  tll  k  t  sea  s,  u  mi  mg  sor  move  sow  y..  e  a  ow  mar  e  mentallkOWlTAldtvliiiili  ilWeeeforigook  Lim  ineaftter,  -  ourne.  He  was  informed  that  the  had  th•  well.  Such  calculation  demonstrated  that  a  vessel  similar  have  still  an  u  ward  tendenc  -  ewels  of  Milesian  worth  and  stir  al  r  ri  •  a  ties  of  y  no  ird-class  has  been  (quiet  ;  yesterday,  however,  there  was  a  better  in-  I  ) STYLE=superscript  Y•  f-,-  life.o  RI  late  feat  of  t  two/Tenn%  hee  .  rettersseii  1,9)  .  yil  P  berths.  'He  event  11  t  k  ua  yoo  a  second-class  passage,  for  to  the  Great  Western  would  require  to  be  lengthened  to  250  •  iberno-Celtic  origin,  or  rather  in  the  fabrication  qiury.  Lmseed  cake  is  a  slow  sale  at  the  quotations.  Under  e.  native  countrits  fortEleav  menths  - STYLE=superscript  ew,lnssi  he  agai  which  he  paid  .C  42  10s.,  and  they  gave  him  a  tick  t.  Th  feet  to  accompliah  that  voyage.  This  argument  showed  f  the  Bristol  ast  of  e  p,.  e  th  se  articles,  that  his  fun,  e  ey  the  influence  of  large  arrivals  from  America,  the  corn  market  BANKRUPTS.  returned  to  the  continent  forothe  completion  of  his  '°-  gave  him  a  bill  of  the  t  d  h  dlf  erms,  an  s  owe  im  a  plan  of  the  that  the  conditions  of  the  case  compelled  the  adoption  of  has  this  week  been  very  dull,  and  prices  of  all  articles  have  .  is  1  studies.  He  continued)  ingefalelce  until  he  had  acuminated  faculties  hurried  themselves  at  once  to  s  ee-.  I  ,  They  showed  him  the  second-class  berths.  The  ship  vessels  of  extraordinary  length,  for  steam  voyames  of  extra extra.  . extra.  given  way.  We  quote  wheat  lower  on  the  week  4d  to  6d  From  the  London  Gazette  of  Lase  Night.  00  the  master  of  y  a  study,  where  forgery  and  imitation  arnved  on  the  night  of  the  ordinary  distance.  As  to  the  mechanical  strength  of  such  L  -D  . STYLE=superscript  ouis  iespecker,  dealer  in  fancy  articles,  Li  'ale  finished  his  education,  anstefor  some  years  after  -  12th  of  March  at  Melbourne  Dr  70  lbs.  and  flour  Is  to  2s  per  barrel.  At  this  reduction,  '  *r  having  attaili  IA  ?ix&amp;lrit,  , STYLE=superscript  --;  t  alld  aufing  this  could  not  only  lend  the  chevalier  irrepressible  fire,  and  he  went  on  board  the  next  day.  He  saw  the  steward,  a  vessels  there  was  no  difference  of  opinion  on  that  point  h  e STYLE=superscript  .  '  .  .  wever,  many  holders  decline  selling.  To-day  there  was  fields  London.  /  Ws'  period  le.,e,  but  afford  him  considerable  emolument.  He  never  blac  * STYLE=superscript  ls  man  and  asked  fo  '  11;  _a  ':  -A  ~  e  e  rkelich  lan-  ,  r  his  berth.  He  was  taken  under  adi  rovided  the  structure  w  f  •  among  engineers,  p  .  as  o  iron.  Fur-  somewhat  more  animation,  with  a  fair  extent  of  consumptive  Col  as  John  James  Harris,  brewer  and  dealer  in  beer,  br  i  •  4  . STYLE=superscript  1'  1 STYLE=superscript  -  guage,  ‘iffi•  e  -  a  e.  o  e  Xrd4  - STYLE=superscript  I%d;ririfii  :bSiTa  succeeded  in  ascertaining  how  much  per  annum  the  forecastle  on  the  larboard  side  to  the  steerage.  Wit-  ther  as  to  the  resistance  of  large  vessels  to  waves  ;it  was  demand  at  the  dli  the  Is  ec  ne,  re  were  a  o  some  spec  atave  u  s  •  place  and  Waterloo-road  ;  and  the  Atches,  Waterloo-  es  ilv  48a  WI  nativ.p  cia  i  ta  t  f  iiil  ;:  749,.  i  .  i  11  , STYLE=superscript  skt  appeared  he  actually  .  realised  in  this  speculation  ;as  his  in-  ness  said  to  him  you  must  be  making  a  mistake  ;  mine  is  second-class  He  said.  These  will  be  second-  evident  that  the  waves  of  the  Atlantic,  being  of  the  same  size,  whether  .  the  vessel  was  small  or  large,  their  propor-  sales  of  flour.  Howley-place  ;  Belvidere-road,  Surrey  ;  and  of  movi  i STYLE=superscript  Liir  •  oad,  )-.!:`,7  road  Ba  s  ,  y  water  ;  and  Maiden-vale,  Edgeware-r  s  '  alwssyse,4,ppp  uricmd  i  ßciFun  ar  o  abre=pride.  variable  reply  was,  that  he  did  not  know  himself  ;  a  class  His  luegage  was  on  board  at  the  time.  tonal  maemtude  would  be  decreased  as  the  size  of  th  v  ,  e  es-  TOBACCO.-The  present  •  position  of  the  trade  is  very  un un,  , un,  •  see:  e,  ee  t  •  but  that  it  was  far  more  lucrative  than  the  grape.  satisfactory,  and  complaints  are  almost  general  of  the  great  se  x STYLE=superscript  .  •  .  sel  was  in  b STYLE=superscript  ereased,  so  that  the  laree  shin  in  a  eale  would  William  Brown,  licensed  victualler  Portsmouth.  ii  His  classical  attainments  were  a  the  very  ighest  Witness  went  t  ''  '  o  the  ca  tam  direct  and  asked  hi  •  that  -  •  -  '  discrepancy  between  the  present  prices  of  raw  and  manufac-  5  Is  a  orcteroand,  he  Jaas  been  - STYLE=superscript  frequently  ,hearct  to  deClare  The  vellum,  strange  to  say,  was  found  more  juicy  was  a  ,  s  1  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  mif  proper  place  tor  second-class  assen  ers---to  be  mixed  1  t  -  mere  y  encoun  er  waves  of  the  same  proportional  size  as  a  •  -  William  Andrew,  baker,  High-street,  Shadwe  '  that  at  steverrearlyTeriod  of  his  life  lie  could  re-  than  the  vine.  The  chevalier  lived  like  a  prince,  up  with  the  tfiird.  Ile  told  witn  13 STYLE=superscript  g STYLE=superscript  ess  there  were  no  third-  f  half  the  dimensions  in  hlf  al  d  •  8  ip  o  a  a  g  e  ;  an  it  should  be  tured  tobacco,  originating  from  circumstances  which  require  dlesex  no  explanation,  having  adverted  to  them  on  the  Ist  ultimo.  ...s.-  •  tail  ° STYLE=superscript  peobs  Without  failure,.  the,twelve  books  of  Virgil,  anti  and  no  wonder,  since  he  obtained  a  handsome  pro-  class  passengers,  and  he  was  obliged  to  put  u  '  h  p  wit  a  steer-  remarked,  that  tho  largest  ships  which  had  been  pro  d  pose  ,  li  h  Williams  the  elder  and  John  Williams/  But  there  are  two  points  which  are  very  apparent,  viz.-the  w  ag  .  5  ,  ,  perty  with  the  beautiful  foreigner,  his  wife-which  n  .,  were  only  double  the  lineal.  dimensions  of  existing  vessels.  ,  e  •  ells°  est  Smith-street,  London.  probably,  it  he  tried  himself,  the  entia  , STYLE=superscript  e  , STYLE=superscript  ofthe  , STYLE=superscript  odes  .  aee  berth.  There  were  55  or.  60  passengers  in  the  r  o  inferior  quality  of  the  manufactured  goods  which  are  - STYLE=superscript  ---a  13'  11.14/43k144  1 STYLE=superscript  df  .  Ralik:l:  The'.  Cita&amp;  f  'feat  he  had.  annoyed  O'Connell  so  much,  or  was  said  to  do  so,  Tlere  were  two  skylights  to  the  room.  The  h  d  y  a  no  wind wind°.  °. wind°.  -  It  was  stated  that  a  vessel,  which  from  any  fault'  of  con  John  Edward  Crickford,  grocer,  Wenthiver,  Bue  l STYLE=superscript  ',.  spec  -  largely  supplied  to  the  consumers-and  the  additional  argu argutor  tor argutor  we  cannot  brino  ourselves  to  believe  that  he  sails.  The  stokers  and  sailors  slept  directly  over  them.  The  struction,  or  from  imperfect  steering  power,  was  liable  to  Edward  Cox,  plane  and  lathe  manufacturer,  Go  a STYLE=superscript  '  onet  Andertak  .  en;  '  aild  •  hilecbecitidi  fin  the  •  attenapt.  0  meats  afforded  to  the  advo  t  f  •  d  hi  h  ca  es  o  .  a  growing  uty,  (w  c  Burtire  citittiVation'isf  his  nand  iriithe  cliessicalland'.  was  seriously  affected  . STYLE=superscript  by  such  a  connexion,  which  pigsties  were  close  to  the  forecastle  and  one  of  the  sky-  fall  off  into  the  trough  of  the  sea,  would,  in  that  position,  ,  •  t  tL  . STYLE=superscript  1'  •  fi  Id  M  . STYLE=superscript  dl  -  -  s  ree  ,  ince  n  s-inn-  e  s,  id  esex.  .  1  d'  oas  serious  y  iscussed  recently,  in  certain  quarters)  if  the  fearful  accidents  •  and  instances  were  cited  of  be  liable  to  ,  John  Willis,  builder,  Exeter.  00'  '  destroyed  the  Purity  a  the  Celtic  descent,-sold  lights,  and  the  soil  was  continually  tumblin  .  g  down  into  the  present  prices  of  manufrctured  tobacco  can  b  •  e  satisfactorily  ere  modern  languages  seemed  not  to  have  heen  the  sole  '  ls  of  800  tons  and  1200  tons  resnectivel  bein  t,  .  1,•  '  '  •  his  own  wine,  and  sold  what  turned  out  more  the  table  •  and  one  o  room  and  on  to  ,  f  the  pigs  fell  down  on  two  vesse  ,  .  .  -  y  g  demonstrated  to  afford  a  remunerative  profit,  notwithstand-  Edward  Blandon  and  Henry  Coates,  stuff  1 STYLE=superscript  :  ( STYLE=superscript  object  of  parental  soligit  r STYLE=superscript  ude,  fo  r STYLE=superscript  r'he  WaS  earlyini-  struck  by  waves  which  had  carried  away  all  the  upper  works  •  h  the  table.  There  were  two  water-closets  li  . STYLE=superscript  Manchester.  lucrative-fictitious  genealogies  to  munificent  Irish  .  .  ,  w  ich  from  neglect  ,  ing  t  e  present  dissatisfaction  existing  amongst  manufac-  ___  tinted  - STYLE=superscript  into  the  mysteries  of  commercial  life.  He  or  misconstruction  overflowed  the  deck.  The  piesties  and  ana  swept  the  decks  clear.  In  a  storm  there  were  gene-  turers.  The  market  during  the  last  month  assumed  a  more  exiles  was  taken  into  partnership  by  his  elder  brother,  .  scullery  stunk  most  abominably.  He  could  not  sleepein  his  rally  two  sets  of  waves,  the  long  low  oscillating  waves,  and  •  active  appearance,  and  sales  may  be  estimated  at  fully  1,10(1  f  981rtbg,  faarriailt*  in&amp;  Oa  t STYLE=superscript  °  Gesarge  Roche,  who  had  already  established  at  The  guillotine  received,  during  his  own  imprison  ~  because  there  wer  &#34;11'  emi  ions  and  millions  of  bugs  in  the  smaller  waves,  which  were  much  shorter,  rising  'Hader  hh  1  800  hhds  f  h  td  .  d3O  hhd  f  cs.  .  or  ome  ra  e,  an  s.  or  exporta-  e  ..  s  „  ees  _  e  _,__  s  _  s  _  .  ___  sire  Bordeaux  a  wine  concern,  on  an  extensive  scale.  ment,  a  treatment  which,  for  the  honor  of  human  it.  He  slept  under  a  form  several  nights.  The  floor  was  the  action  of  the  wind.  It  was  these  short  waves  which  time  Prices  have  continued  steady,.  and  we  have  resumed  a  lt.,  Here  he  remained  for  several  years,  but  frequently  nature,  has  been  seldom,  perhaps  never,  paralelled  covered  with  passeneers,  and  he  had  to  step  over  them  all  struck  the  smaller  vessels,  with  so  much  force  when  they  our  previous  quotations.  Recent  advices  from  New  Orleans  BIRTHS.  g  itb  At  27,  North  St.  Mungo-street,  Glasgow,  o  n  the  j  klidr  d% STYLE=superscript  had  occasion  to  visit  the  metropolis,  and  very  often  or  recorded  in  the  history  of  any  race  of  people.  mixed  together.  de  slept  several  nights  in  the  boat  on'the  eot  on  the  crest  of  a  large  one  but  the  dea  of  a  very  represent  the  market,  as  having  presented  increased  firm-  -  M'Andrew  of  a  son  ,  Ps'  .  made  oppOrtunities  for  so  doing,  in  consequence  of  When  the  venerable  M.  delVlalesherbes,  the  superin-  deck.  He  complained  about  it  so  often  he  was  at  last  con-  Fargo  ship  would  be  to  high'  for  such  wind  waves  ness.  Sales  for  French  and  Italian  account,  amounted  to  At  3,  Gr'  al  *  e  v  e-place  Glasgow,  Oa  the  50th  -  Mit-hell  of  e STYLE=superscript  a  n STYLE=superscript  da  ht  '  'J.'  , STYLE=superscript  Of  0  11 STYLE=superscript  ''  1,a(19  Pe STYLE=superscript  the  dawning  but  disastrous  glories  of  the  revolu-  tendent  of  the  press,  was  devoted  to  the  axe  bY  sidered  a  troublesome  fellow.  The  state  of  filth  and  dis-  to  break  upon  it,  except  as  spray.  Returns  were  pre-  3,500  hhds.,  and  further  orders  are  represented  to  be  on  e  e  ill  '  28th  ul  ug STYLE=superscript  el STYLE=superscript  '  . STYLE=superscript  t.,  at  the  Rectory,  Welwyn,  Hut*  A  Ol STYLE=superscript  tion.  Notwithstanding  the  ardour  and  impetuosity  the  jealous  apprehensions  of  the  incarnate  fiend  of  comfort  continued  until  they  were  off  Cape  St.  Vincent,  sented  of  the  performances  of  paddle-wheel  ocean  steam-  the  market  for  Bto  10,000  hhds.  Im  t  por  f  4„  1  227  Mids.  a  dau  ht  e STYLE=superscript  er  g  .  w  ..  ten  i  t  ,  h  .  e  .  y  .  b  .  egan  to  scrape  up  the  place  and  clean  out  the  era,  for  a  period  of  .  twenty-two  years,  tending  to  prove  D  r  ~  of  his  youth,  who  could  believe,  who  has  known  him  the  revolution,  he  was  not  only  supposed  by  many  e  ivelies„  1  039  hlids.  agaiest  898  hhds.  in  the  correspond-  At  Singapore,  the  wife  of  Captain  J.  W,  i  l  o  t  d  d.  jr,lo.-P°  d  pid,  1,..  t,trut.  of  paint  un  the  vesse'  to  make  how  greetly  the  voleetty  had  boon  inereactod  This  wag  Commissary-General,  and  Supenntendent  of  ll'  forthe  last  half  century,  that  he  was  ever  ardent  or  to  be  entirelv  .4.e:it:ens  of  the  crime  alleged  against  all  look  smart  before  arrivin  -  i STYLE=superscript  gat  Plymouth.  The  beef  wasl  th  f  h  '.  s  irrivn  o  ave  arisen  rem  t  e  augmented  size  and  better  lug  nwntai  er  1052.  Stuul.,_  10,14.3  lilids  ag  i  .4.  19,304  hhd  '  1852  •  23  010  hlad  -  18  •  -  a STYLE=superscript  -  a.-  in  51  ;  26,671  hhds.  in  wn STYLE=superscript  o  _...•  near  Edinburgh,  the  .  imrtueus?  Fortunate  circumstances  now  a  ee  l  isk,s-a  want  of  fidelity  to  the  state-but  vague  bad  and  half-cooked.  It  was  salt  junk.  He  could  not  build  of  the  vessels  .  ,  and  the  greater  power  of  engines  and  a•  in  '  '  •  1850  ;  25,000  hlids.  in  .1849  ;  and  28,950  bhds.  in  1.84.  e.  a  the  29th  ult.,  at  Trinity  -I STYLE=superscript  ,77,CurZuer•  ~  1/  s  ee.-  etiti.  over  again  de-  and  dubious  as  seemed  the  charge  when  restricted  touch  the  pork  ;  it  was  green  when  they  cut  it.  other  engineering  improvements.  These  tables  showed  the  ......in  Anson,  Royal  Artillery,  °-  '  a STYLE=superscript  -'  f  ag  .  tneoccurred,  he  has  necessity  of  a  careful  selection  of  the  period  from  which  a  REVIEW  OF  THE  WEEK.  •-sese  ..___IIARRIAGES.  ctePb  e STYLE=superscript  9  Claiectlitilitati  hijllled  to  Cool  the  fever  of  his  blood  to  himself,  three  generations,  in  lineal  succession,  The  CHIEF  JUSTICE  :It  had  perhaps  come  from  the  On  the  29th  ult.  at  overton  Loe.ge,  New•GallowaY  , STYLE=superscript  '  see  mean  average  of  velocity  was  deduced  ;  for  example,  the  T  EA.  .  p  •  1  -  revious  yto  the  delivery  of  the  overland  letters  and  mpsured  i  hirn  tssr  after  •trials  'and  emergencies  of  his  family--who,  in  all  human  probability,  could  Emerald  Isle.  (Laughter.)  worthy  White  Es  '  sur  ,  geon,  Burnley  !  ancas  hi  r  e,  to  Al  .0  Hugh  Lindsay,  H.  E.  I.  Co.'s  steamer,  gave  in  1830  a  on  Tuesday  morning  the  market  was  quiet  ;  since  then  there  daughter  of  the  late'  Mr.  Archibald  Gray'  Danhar  f  G  e  ll STYLE=superscript  'e  l STYLE=superscript  I  Will&amp;  aNilil  g_  l STYLE=superscript  bat  '  self-iiossession  and  Presence  of  not  have  been  participators,  or  even  cognizant,  of  Witness  continued  :He  could  not  bear  the  smell  of  the  mind  could  asave!ena.bled  liiintckaUrtisount.  ,  his  guilt,  if  he  were  guilty-were  sent  at  the  same  preserved  meats.  The  moment  the  tin  was  opened  he  was  mean  average  of  Vs  . STYLE=superscript  knots  per  hour  ;  whereas  the  best  of  the  has  been  a  large  business  done  both  by  the  trade  and  specu-  On  the  9th  ult.,  at  Glasgow,  A.  Jones  Williams.  Esq.  , STYLE=superscript  (2  - STYLE=superscript  c  oo,-  .  ,  i  ,  in  the  county  of  Caniarvon,  to  Sarah  Elizabeth  .  .  .  •  1  •  obliged  lo  leave  the  room.  Canard  and  of  the  Collins'  lines  of  steamers  gave  a  mean  i  •  eters  in  common  to  medium  congous,  at  fall  previous  prices  ;  A  neW  eia  wai  suppoSed  to  be  about  to  dawn  time  to  the  block:  his  sister,  daughter  and  husband,  daughter  of  the  late  Lieutenant-Gen  1  Sir  Love  P.  0  The  CHIEF  (JUSTICE  :  That  was  cuddy  accommodation.  average  of  12-1  knots  per  hour,  for  the  last  three  years.  In  Canton-made,  young  hyson,  and  gunpowder,  are  attracting  Madryn,  in  the  same  county.  of  S STYLE=superscript  O  upon  the  earth.  All..  that  the  geed,  the  great,  and  and  grand-daughter  and  husband  !  By  the  way,  ~,„,e  e  .0  'mime  u  the  discussion  the  dimension  wer  ei7  ,  They  had  preserved  salmon  occasionally.  He  did  not  In  .e_  P  .  .  ,  s  e  ,  Nen  of  a  more  attention,  and  some  large  parcels  changed  hands  yes-  On  the  29th  ult.,  at  31ountstuart,  Rothesay,  the  0  01  , STYLE=superscript  '„;e;  the  wise  had  ever  dreamed  or  hoped  respecting  the  husband  of  Ahe  last-mentioned  lady  was  the  e  ß  lar  .  chionessq#  Bute,  Lieutenant  C.  C.  ,  Yarbor,ough,  C./.1  .  4  iv  elieve  it  was  salmon.  It  was  tasteless,  but  eatable.  They  gre  l  at  raft  ship,.  called  the  Baron  of  Renfrew,  which  was  terday  ;  quotations  have  an  upward  tendency.  The  sales  of  the  perfeetibllity  of  the  i,hurean  :species  ,was  to  be  elder  brother  of  Chateaubriand,  since  become  so  D STYLE=superscript  11l  tat  Quebec  in  the  year  1825  by  the  late  Mr  Qharles  East  India  drysaltery  articles  are  confined  to  130  chests  and  egiment,  t  son  of  the  late  John  Cooke  I  arborouglii,:i.  0  f  •  ,  were  short  of  flour  and  borrowed  what  flour  the  had  from  °  ount,  Doncaster,  to  Flora  Sophia  Emma,  only  daugu'  7ra:  realised  at  once  ;  and  Paris  was  to  become  the  illustrious  both  as  a  writer,  a  politician,  and  a  -  '  Y  • STYLE=superscript  Av  d  f  .  r  ,  -  '  •  oo  ,  o  ort  Gl•aseow.  Her  extreme  length  was  304  20  bags  liver  shell  lac  at  40s  to  445,  70  bales  heated  gambier  r STYLE=superscript  s!t  •l STYLE=superscript  rant.  Esq.  of  Cambridge-villas,  Notting-hill,  a  German  third-class  passenger  to  make  out.  The  raisins  ee  110  1 STYLE=superscript  ;0  1 STYLE=superscript  r,  cetticeptheo  eraele;ethe  - STYLE=superscript  IDodona  _of  its  earliest  statesman.  •  were  maggotty.  They  complained  about  the  provisions,  and  feet  ;  extreme  breadtre  61  feet  ;  clear  depth,  34  feet  ;  regis-  at  38s,  and  1600  bags  myrabolams,  at  9s  for  repacked,  and  On  the  306  ult.,  at  St.  Peter's  church,  Dublin,  bY  t;'  st  .  i  t't  I,  fepor  Moeran,  D.D.,  the  Rev.  Thomas  W.  Moeran,  01  .6  ,  4  .,  miffnifestsitiOns.  The  .ordinary  - STYLE=superscript  career  of  .  human  Of  the  byways  as  well  as  the  .  highways  of  the  answer  was,  they  would  try  and  make  it  all  right  tered  tonnage,  5,294-1  tons;  and  cargo  of  ti  m  b  er  ,  8,500  tons.  lOs  to  lls  6d  for  good  ;  1500  bees  of  sago  flour  have  been  Liverpool  to  Frances,  only  daughter  of  J.  J.  Bryne.  latottic  ir*  •  '  •  •  h  w  no  longer  to  endme  ,  t  ere  was  to'  he  history,  its  grand,  salient  characteristics,  not  more  at  the  The  suet  was  good.  The  peas  were  all  stuck  The  draft  of  water  at  the  lend  of  the  voyage,  when  water-  disposed  of  at  22s  to  23s  and  900'  ba  f  •1t  21  •  '  gs  or  arrive  a  s  ,  Afount.street.  1  00  ~  logged,  was  31  feet.  She  had  four  masts,  and  the  sails  of  67  slabs  of  straits  tin,  at'9os  'for  inferior,  and  114  s  per  cwt.,  DEATHS.  e  tt,  nalittOser  striving'fbr  the  daily  bread  nor  s3trug-  thats  its  closer  and  minuter  features-his  know-  together  in  lumps,  and  black.  The  tea  was  very  sood.  The  •  liel'  gli'ligittihe  highways  and  .  bywayS  for  existence  ;  ledge  was  both  unerring  and  intimate,  which  the  coffee  was  given  to  them  green,  and  when  they  tried  to  grind  a  36  gun  frigate.  Her  greatest  inclination  under  press  of  for  good;  also  20  tons  Panana  . STYLE=superscript  a  mother-of-pearl  shells  at  28/.  On  the  2d  ult..  at  Florence,  Italy,  Captain  R.  J.  N  at  ne  i  i  3  '  a  .  8.  ,  alLranks_and.  classes  were  to  be  brought  forward  archive  pages  of  the  Gentleman's  Magazine,  the  it,  it  made  so  much  noise  that  the  engineers  did  not  like  it,  sail  was  about  20  degrees.  Her  greatest  speed  before  she  lOs  per  ton.  Only  300  bags  of  saltpetre  reported,  at  29s  3d  420nRetlyiee1215itilfhallatndaTil  gh  n  w STYLE=superscript  o STYLE=superscript  the  Si, STYLE=superscript  a  i STYLE=superscript  d  i STYLE=superscript  y  e STYLE=superscript  C  ar STYLE=superscript  ar  d STYLE=superscript  olin  e STYLE=superscript  e  lle STYLE=superscript  A  t STYLE=superscript  noc  :a  t STYLE=superscript  '  f  -  e  'r:'  ) STYLE=superscript  il.  r  i  l  e  p  h  o  e  f  rt  h  K  ,  ,  n  f  ,i  f!  and  ran  away  with  the  coffee-mill  handle.  When  they  started  beceme  waterlogged,  but  with  19  feet  of  water  in  the  hold  /  to  30s  per  cwt.,  for  sto  4  per  cent,  and  of  nitrate  of  soda,  On  the  23d  ult.,  at  his  residence,  Walmer,  gent,  a  fter,.  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  ;  o  N\  ;00  1  on  some  utopian  plan  of  generous  and  gloiious  Dublin  _Review,  and  various  other  periodicals  to  was  84  knots,  which  was  reduced  to  6  knots  when  she  was  small  parcels  at  steady  rates.  Guano-2000  tons  have  been  illness,  bfargaretta,  the  wife  of  t,e  Rear-Admiral  of  the  w  e  t  e  sst  they  had  sugar.  In  about  a  month  it  was  said  there  was  no  equality  where  man,  regenerate  and  free,  was  to  which  he  was  either  a  constant  or  a  casual  con-  •te  full  of  weter  She  made  the  assage  from  uebec  to  Henderson  C.  8.,  K.H.  Commander-in-Chief  on  the  sow.  ,  d  e'  ~  .-  7  ,  ,  ,•  ,  sugar  on  board.  141  b.  weight  was  found  which  was  given  ( STYLE=superscript  .1  sold,  at  advanced  prices.  A  very  gpod  demand  has  appeared  of  South  Am  , STYLE=superscript  erica.  '  s  setseP  enjoYns  one  long  ;  bummer  time  of  prosperity-  and  tributor  can  amply  testify.  We  could  tender  th  ul STYLE=superscript  Isl  f  Wig  ' STYLE=superscript  ht  'i  48  da  It  P STYLE=superscript  d  t  111  Q STYLE=superscript  u  t  e  o  I  r.  Chinie  d  s  for  most  kind  of  dyewoods,  and  prices  generally  have  a  ten-  On  the  27th  ult,  in  her  67th  year.  Henletta.wid  iw  of  ihe_'-  o  f  '  peace,  the  happiness  originally  destined  for  him.  many  instances  of  this  sort,  but  one  which  came  Il  d  tl  i  u  r  a  :top  =gers,:  and  the  second-class  passengers  *Wood  e STYLE=superscript  t  ° STYLE=superscript  mention  u  n STYLE=superscript  ils  darir.:  innoZt  a STYLE=superscript  i  s STYLE=superscript  on  Tlle,,cosnrts  of.pstice  were  to  be  abolished,  for  there  more  immediately  within  our  own  notice  will  cheese  e STYLE=superscript  :as  :me  eef  i  r  ,  o  n  o  n  d  7  t  u  y  t  s,  s  h  T  i  i  .  i  t  :l  then  nothing.  T  'Lig  It  appea  n STYLE=superscript  ,red,  that  if  the  dim&amp;sions  of  vessa  el  s  s  o  7  ,  17  1  %7:15  u-  dency  towards  improv  d  emer.  l  T  d  l  e  ie  stoeLof  b  logwood  having  r  f  :ilis  ii  i  t  l:  ig  u  s  n  v  t  a  y  te  oi  l.C.  l  l  3  3  ,l;l  C:lonel  of  the  33d  kteginaeri  t STYLE=superscript  ;  ic  oo  l  f  f  :  wdS'toirlie  no  niote  Crithe  ;-religiOn  Was  to  be  voted.  answer  our  present  purpose..  Professor  Robinson  was  good  butter  on  bcfard,  but  the  se:ciiindq-  ela  n  s  t  s  ity  a  .  ssen  e  s  crea.sed,  it  was  evident  that  there  had  not  been  any  increase  irv  s  =T  au  nt  i  r  t  e  ie  iolrfer  ra STYLE=superscript  To  a STYLE=superscript  blo  aanadd  (  i  )  T  s  a  m6callito  Ou  the  27th  ult.,  in  her  52d  y  g STYLE=superscript  ear,  Hannah,  the  wife  of  3  1 STYLE=superscript  ,r,:  e  l STYLE=superscript  i  ,te  ° STYLE=superscript  l  i  s  f  la  S  n  m  se  a  l  l  i  l-t.;  a  i  t  i  hgelir  .  .i  ll  i  d  n  d  g  l  h  es  a  .  m  .  ,  and  eldeit  daughter  fP  . STYLE=superscript  .  p  „,f  o  i  a  farce  since  it  „had  failed  to  Sectire  the  content,  happened  to  state  during  the  sittings  of  the  were  not  allowed  to  have  it.  They  could  not  t  P STYLE=superscript  ouch  Arat  of  danger,  nor  was  any  to  be  anticipated.  It  appeared  evi-  6/.  5s  for  Jam  i STYLE=superscript  aica  In'd  St.  Domingo,  480  'tons  being  sold  at  ment  of  the'people,  and  the  omnipotent'  Creator  to  Biitish  Association  in  Cork,  in  1843,  that  Napoleon  they  had.  There  was  good  rice  on  board,  but  it  was  so  dent  that  in  future  engineers  must  look  even  further  forward  these  rates.  The  transactions  in  fustic  are  limited  to  5  tons  on  the  24th  riL  at  Everton,  Liverpool,  Lucy,  eldest  ,  5 STYLE=superscript  ,  u STYLE=superscript  .  i,'''  s STYLE=superscript  be  regarded  w  ith  as  iittlee  cer  emony  as  the  marble  had  created  the  astronomer  Lalonde  a  peer.  But  badly  cooked  it  was  almost  uneatable.  The  preserved  pota-  than  they  had  done,  and  in  their  maritime  constructions,  Cuba  at  9/.  ss,  and  25  tons  Rio  Hache  at  71.  Lima  wood  daughter  of  thc  late  'Rev.  William  Woolsey,  of  Prionand,  collo'  p  4  :,  model  of  the  Plympic  Jnpiter.  How,  or  why,  or  it  was  instantly  eXplained  by  Mr.  Roche,  how  the  toes  they  never  had.  The  tripe  stunk  most  awfully.  He  must  adopt  dimensions  for  their  docks  and  harbours  to  accom-  has  been  more  sought  after,  and  200  tons  have  changed  retr  :,  ,,  f  .e  K  .2  ilsn  i  n  t  an  a  l  1  ?-  i  e  s  r  i  n  io  o  m  ns  e  town  \Wesley  -place  Thomas  ith  e  eP,  ° STYLE=superscript  ;o  l7 STYLE=superscript  ,  wherefore,  all  these  things  were  to  done,  no  one  knew;  Emperor  had  never  made  a  peer  in  his  life,  as  the  thought  the  preserved  meats  stunk,  but  they  were  nothine  modate  the  increased  sizes  of  the  vessels  they  were  destined  hands  at  13/.  15s  to  14/.,  but  there  is  nothing  to  report  in  Captain  in  the  I  • STYLE=superscript  outh  Militia,  and  nephew  of  the  late  '''&#34;  f  sic  , STYLE=superscript  '  but  all  seemed  to  agree  that  utopia  should  continue  imperial  titles  of  nobility  which  led  to  the  mistake,  to  the  tripe.  The  hams  were  d  slivered  out  short.  The  oat':  to  receive,  but  which-  some  years  since  would  have  been  Nicaragua  wood.  Red  Sanders  wood  is  in  fair  request,  and  Robert  Rollo  Gillespie,  Bart.  lilt  :  ,  at  his  house.  Rochfor  .  ,  dstown  the  ite  v STYLE=superscript  •  i  meal  was  alive.  He  wanted  deemed  visionar  -  some  gruel,  but  could  not  eat  )•  •  20  tons  were  disposed  of,  ex-ship,  at  71.  5s  to  71.  7s  6d  per  LeOenrteheeto2r6th  of  Inniskenny,  and  Prebendary  of  Cora.  'el  , STYLE=superscript  ,  10  0  1'  no  longer  a  myth'  since  Paris  extended  its  open  had  not  conferred  any  species  of  legislative  power.  it.  He  complained  to  the  cook,  who  said  there  was  no  other.  ton.  In  barwood,  camwood,  and  sapan  wood,  no  change  On  the  14th  ult.,  at  the  Royal  Naval  Hospital,  Al  alto..  M  r STYLE=superscript  '  o_  arms  of  fraternity  along  the  banks  of  the  Seine.  At  the  same  time  some  minor  features  by  way  of  Th  h  vad  preserved  milk  for  the  last  month-none  after  •  can  be  stated  ?  and  the  operations  are  on  a  reduced  scare,  Offord  Stuart,  late  master  of  her  /Majesty's  ship  Trafa22  RUSTICUS  EXPECTAT.-Sorno  days  ago  a  simple-lookine  6s  years'  To  Paris,  therefore,  every  one  was  hastening-  explanation,  one  of  which  recurs  to  our  recollec-  e STYLE=superscript  a  -  war  s.  He  had  the  rheumatism  in  his  head  ever  since  He  countryman  was  observed  to  throw  a  letter  into  the  box  of  American  roon  in  good  demand  ;  2600  brls.  sold  at  .  the  idle,  the  curious,  the  impulsive-and  amongst  tion.  The  Marshal  Lefebvre  was  Napoleon's  first  cc  s  ill  b  f  *  r  ver  wa  e  ore.  He  applie  .  d  to  the  directors  on  his  the  post-office  at  Charleroi,  and  then  to  remain  upwards  of  9d  to  7s  3d  per  cwt.  for  common  qualities.  No  sales  in  ,•  ,f  TH  NW'  41. STYLE=superscript  E  NORTHERN  DAILY  TI  0  tile  .. STYLE=superscript  regt  'the  subject  of  our  present  notice,  who  creation.  He  made  him  Duke  Of  Dantzic.  He  eturn,  and  had  had  no  compensation  offered  him.  •  two  hours  svithout  removing  from  the  spot.  At  last  the  ine  but  of  Stockholm  tar  1000  brls.  have  turpent  ,  .  Mit'  ...  &gt;  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  and  found,  qr  made,  as  he  himself  declared,  an  oppor-  was  raised  like  many  others  from  the  ranks,  and  Cross-examined  by  Mr  Serje  t  B  W  been  sold  of  which  the  price  is  not  reported.  tiiiittfto  visit  the  great'  theatre  of  the  world's  re-  though  not  necessarily  so  at  that  period,  for  there  ing  nothing.  He  Went  'in  Jime,  1852  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  E STYLE=superscript  t  a STYLE=superscript  o  . STYLE=superscript  Aust  r  a STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  a  1  n  i  a  o  .  w  d  H  o  e-  sentry,  who  had  perceived  the  whole  proceeding,  addressed  500  brls.  as  ' STYLE=superscript  hes  are  re  orted  at  3ls  6d  to  32s  for  pot  simultaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  hip  and  said,  good  man,  what  are  you  doing  ther  ,  ?  and  at  28s.  6d.  to  29s.  P STYLE=superscript  per  cwt.  for  pearl.  Clover-seed  in  ' STYLE=superscript  ,  clemption.  But  what  was  he  doomed  to  see  ?If  happened  to  be  many  men  of  good  families,  and  was  a  lord  mayor's  messenger  and  water-bailiff  before  he  with  your  eyes  on  the  letter  box  for  these  last  two  hours  ?  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTIO  I.*  't  d  d  d  th  nl  ale  reported  being  60  brls  ;  um  e  eman  ,  e  o  y  s  e  ve  ever  theid  was  a  hell  upon  earth,  it  was  Paris  in  some  even  of  proud  lineage  in  the  ranks-he  was  went.  He  went  over  by  a  sailing-vessel,  and  com  lain  d  R  e  e  replied  the  other  am  waiting  for  the  answer  IN  LIVERPOOL.  OUT  OF  olvEes  ..s  e,4  those  days  !To  the  . STYLE=superscript  best  of  our  recollection  these  of  the  humblest  origin.  When  in  this  low  grade,  of  the  passage  then.  He  went  to  the  diggings  (to  mount  T-'  m  -  rs  '  A  .  American,  all  faults,  at  48s  to  53s  per  cwt.  Linseed,  100  HE  ~....17SEUM  OF  vIiNAMENTAL  A...ItT  AT  inARLBOROUGH-  ~,„  et  ( STYLE=superscript  '  Alexander)  about  two  months  and  a-h  f  al  ,  and  got  241  b.  of  bags  at  54s  for  Bengal,  and  55s  to  55s  6d  for  Bombay.  Term  for  Inadvance  On  Credit  In  advance.  -  1  swe  the:identical  words-thc  ipsissinza  verba  of  the  he  had  married  the  woman  whom  he  found  in  the  ,  HOUSE.  -The  numbers  attending  Bcc  ,  durine  the  month  of  gold.  The  room  was  cleaned  in  a  fashion.  Every  Satur-  Mustard  seed,  200  bags  yellow  at  60s,  and  500  bags  Niger  --  .  III  trutlifiXl  and  deliberate  old  gentleman,  as  he  referred  capacity  of  laundress  to  the  corps,  and  conse-  November  were  as  follow  e-13  , STYLE=superscript  345  . STYLE=superscript  -  b STYLE=superscript  th  bl  . STYLE=superscript  peraons  on  epu  ic  14  i  ,  •  •  day  the  room  was  wetted.  There  were  sl  •  eeping  places  all  seed  at  47s  6d  to  48s  per  quarter.  Hides,-the  public  sales  A  Year  ..  .e  3  0  0  .4.4  0  0  .R  3  le  0  ,  days,  and  admitted  free  ;  770  persons  on  the  students'  da  s,  to  r  the,  exciting  times  of  his  youthful  Parisian  life.  quently  when  he  had.  gained  his  sudden  elevation.  round  the  steeraee.  It  was  about  33  feet  lon  and  g  nearly  on  Tuesday  were  dull,  and  t  gr  he  eater  portion  withdrawn  •  0  '  and  admitted  as  students  on  the  payment  of  6d.  each,  besaes  -  -  t  Half  year  ..  &lt;el  11  62  2  0  .el  18  0  I  2800  dry  salted  Pernambuco  have  been  sold  at  51-elto  51d,  5  iemallatoae  s  tees.of  Robespierre  can  never  be  forgotten.  the  brows  of  the  laundress  were  graced  with  the  is  first  impreSSions  were,  strange  to  say,  very  ducal  coronet.  Mean,  vulgar,  and  coarse,  she  avoratio„.  woe  •  .  .„  -  lie  first  became  acquainted  with  became  a  constant  obj  'I  - STYLE=superscript  .  fdri  i  Th  ''  th  square.  ere  sirs  no  o  er  entrance  to  the  steerage  that  they  were  allowea  to  go  through.  There  were  32  bunks  ecs  o-  -e-s-on  and  contempt  and  32  second-class  passengers.  There  was  not  a  forecastle  the  registered  students  of  the  classes  and  schools.  THE  Cuuncie-Tne  NEW  BISHOPS.-The  newly  cense-  and  about  2000  salted  River  Plate  at  44c1  to  5-1  d  per  lb.  Quarter  ••£0  19  6  There  continues  to  be  a  moderate  demand:for  brimstone,  the  .el  5  o  xe  le  6  ___•  4 STYLE=superscript  2  ,  /  tlnVenily•Maister  •of  the  gullies:et,  Is  _.,...„  et  some  crated  bishops  will  have  ZBOO  a  year  salary  only.  They  are  Single  Papers  3d.  1  -  Single  Papers  ad'  tr  l:  i STYLE=superscript  i  i  courtly  circles  When  such  a  character  had  beyond  th  i  -  em  where  the  th  rd  cla,ss  passengers  were.  He  had  •  •  •  •  sales  of  the  week  about  NO  tons,  at  previous  rates.  Several  ese.'ea  pi  I)teillefrest  party,  when  he  thought  him  one  of  iHe  1  1 STYLE=superscript  (1  . STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  r  h STYLE=superscript  u  e STYLE=superscript  n  te  ,  •  e  e  eesslss  -,,s  slily  through  the  imperial  known  third-class  passeneers  sleep  in  the  bunks  So  f  .  me  o  pecuniarily  founded  in  this  way  :-The  colonial  bishops'  fund  lar  e  arcels  of  Sunre  h  ive  been  bro  ht  f  rd  bt  th  g  p  .  ug  orwa  ,  u  e  Subscribers  who  do  not  pay  their  Subscriptions  witbli  '  ,  o  t  , STYLE=superscript  '  0  gentlest  and  best  of  human  beings  ;  but  never  were  salons  of  Bonaparte,  but  amidst  tne  ii  , STYLE=superscript  u  o,  e•  i  1  '  1  4.  .  ~,,,6  ~i  w.  ..*  ...,  ....  r..ene.ersi  stn.  on  the  table.  One  of  them  con  nu  s  ,  capi  a  o  een  owmen  ,an  assigns  t'b  te  £lO  000  't  It  th  d  t  d  •  transactions  are  limited,  at  a  reduction  of  ls  per  cwt.  The  days  after  they  become  due,  unll  be  charged,  when  pars,'  i.  ,  1  )  appekride's  risbre  deceitful.  But  his  own  words  and  more  legitimate  noblesse  of  the  Bourbons  of  got  permission  of  the  butc  er  to  steep  in  nes  .elsoes  e  .  £3OO  a-year  to  •  each  of  the  new  bishops,  while  another  •  nces  of  areols  are  fully  maintained,  but  the  business  is  ,  .  credit  price  for  all  papers  that  may  have-  been  supplietl  riod  ofpayment.  afe  letfrnifiglike  He  was  envious,  suspicious,  later  days,  one  can  easily  comprehend  the  various  Part  of  the  screw  of  the  steamer  was  lost  before  they  got  to  11 STYLE=superscript  °5°°°  of  i.:apital  has  boon  ensured  by  a  grant  of  £6,000  s  p STYLE=superscript  inal],  and  'cream  of  tartar  has  been  dull  of  sale  The  •  e STYLE=superscript  01 STYLE=superscript  1:  dark  as  Tiberius,  and  sariguinarfas  Caligula  ;  ever  untoward  exhibitions  which  were  likely  to  ensue.  the  Cape,  and  in  consequence  they  were  a  little  longer  on  from  the  jubilee  fund  of  the  society  for  the  propagation  of  business  done  in  olive  ' STYLE=superscript  oil  h  b  1  th  f  '  -  a.s  een  arger  an  or  some  ADVERTISEMENTS.  s  oe  fri  ,  siptleed  'from  the  danger  to  which  he  urged  his  as  Although  many  persons  who  suffered  in  those  the  voyage.  They  left  Melbourne  on  the  lath  Of  Mar  h  the  Gospel,  and  £4,000  from  the  Christian  knowledge  society  •  •  time  past,  and  about  100  tuns  sold  at  a  further  reduction  •  ,  Advertisers  are  given  the  full  benefit  of  the  Repeal  ei  nt  •C  i  t!  i.)  '  •  •  and  siee--eesi  Ull  tne  10th  of  May  at  th  c STYLE=superscript  '  e  Cape-some  63  or  OIL  SPRING.-A  new  petroleum,  or  oil  spring,  has  been  the  quotations  are  regulated  accordingly.  Cod  and  seal  oil  Their  announcements  are  inserted  at  the  following  Seale  - STYLE=superscript  t  op  soci  teEi,  as  we  know  he  did  the  20th  of  June,  the  d  a  ys  were  well  known  to  entertain  streng  oe-e  - STYLE=superscript  64  days.  He  did  not  know  what  wa  h  cl•  •  s  t  eor  mary  passage.  discovered  in  Western  Vieeinei,  near  the  forks  of  Hughes  are  in  moderate  demand,  without  change  in  price.  Linseed  i STYLE=superscript  f  Pre  -p  yment  is  made.  Monthly  credit  is  only  gieeS.,,,  ,is  1.901  ,  ,  i  of,  Aueust,  1792,  and  the  31st  of  May,  .1793;  medical  o  •  •  pinions  there  e-  bc  little  doubt  that  They  went.better  without  the  screw  than  w  . STYLE=superscript  th  '  i  it.  She  went  river.  It  11  ab  found  in  sinking  a  well  for  salt.  Instead  of  oil  is  dull  of  sale  at  30s  ;  50  tuns  foreign  and  British  pale  advertisers,  and  an  addition'  of  ten  per  cent.  is  charged  tl  r  t  e  not  made  on  or  before  the  10th  of  each  month.  The  foll(S foll(S--r!  -r! foll(S--r!  ,  ,  •  ,  y9e  . STYLE=superscript  ...414fe11fU11y  resuissent  when  his  party,  the  de-  n  •  h  3.r  e  t  ecn'e  nor  his  brother  George  were  of  faster  between  St.  Vincent's  and  Pl  ~  ,  .  0  eit  es.  .  •  ymouth  without  steam  salt,  however,  the  spring  commenced  blowing  out  mineral  rapp  oil  have  been  sold  at  42s  to  445,  and  50  tuns  brown,  to  scale  of  ludeA  e  iesstruments  of:his  ambition,  bad  triuninllefl,  ,  the  number,  since  we  can  clearly  trace  the  current  than  with  it.  He  did  not  know  th  •  at  it  was  in  consequence  of  oil,  and  has  so  continued  to  furnish  it  at  intervals  up  to  the  arrive,  41s  6d  per  cwt.  70  brls.  American  spirits  of  turpen-  ,  Charges  for  Single  Insertions-  5  6,  1 STYLE=superscript  and,  then  wieldine.  b  i  .  „  ..  ..  s  re  ,  posses  s  s  re  ~...,  wer  in,  (sally  and  direction  of  their  principles,  in  the  public  mea-  the  breaking  of  the  screw  that  they  ran  short  of  The  present  date-about  fourteen  gallons  of  oil  bane  produced  tine  are  reported  at  58s  per  cwt.  The  transactions  in  palm  s  d  ,ilf  Of  ican3olfttiQHS;  •;  A  &amp;Ir..  -  1 STYLE=superscript  -..  , STYLE=superscript  ?i  , STYLE=superscript  zArci,lear,  the  basest  of  sures  adopted,  howeves  unjustly  and  rigorously  suear  was  stopped  on  the  29th  of  April.  The  s  m. STYLE=superscript  '  r. STYLE=superscript  e  , STYLE=superscript  ,  '''  crew  broke  every  fifth  day.  An  account  which  appears  in  tice  Christian  oil  are  about  150  tons  on  the  spot  at  40/  to  41/,  and  200  1,2,0  r  3  lines  1010  or  11  lines  s STYLE=superscript  3  d STYLE=superscript  •  8d STYLE=superscript  28  ''''  t STYLE=superscript  5  6, STYLE=superscript  0  18  or  19Itnes,  5  0  , STYLE=superscript  g  ii  of  ,  I  ilXlDellnr'''''  &#34;'etieed  him  to,  sacrifice  to  leis  suspicions  towards  them.  To  Denton  and  Fabre  d'  Eglantine,  on  the  12th  of  April.  Before  the  screw  brok  h  A  1  e  t  ere  was  dvocate  and  ournal,  says,  that  the  stratum  yielding  the  tons  to  arrive  at  40/  5s  to  40/  lOs  per  ton.  For  tallow  there  4or  5  „16120r13„3  6  20  or  21  5  6  31•  5  3,  0  07'  olserf  lierson  whose  superiority  of  mind,  of  pros-  who  were  instigated  thereto  by  th  11  e  cowarc  y  and  nothine  „  short;  but  provisions  were  given  to  them  which  oil  lies  parallel  with  the  bed  of  the  river,  is  generally  near  is  still  a  limited  demand  ;  Petersburg  Y.  C.  has  been  sold  6or  7  „  20140  r  15  „4  0  22,  23,  8  or  9  or  24,  6  0  3  4, STYLE=superscript  st'f  „  2  6  16  or  17  „  4  6  25,  26,  or  27,  6  6  37 STYLE=superscript  '  pectet  orpositionshe.looked  upon  with  j  ealousy  :-  treacherous  insinuations  . STYLE=superscript  fR  b  •  •  -  o  o  espielie,  as  he  had  they  could  not  eat.  They  were  not  told  that  to  make  it  up  five  feet  thick,  and  is  reached  in  various  places  .  by  sinking  in  small  lots  at  56s  6d  to  57s  ;  about.  100  ks  South  •  And  Sixpence  for  every  Additional  two  lines'  :•  4 STYLE=superscript  ‘:Caribta  ferit  dam  =eta  timet  :  descevit  in  omnes  ;  hem  the  should  h  fr  t  t  y  ave  esh  meat  once  a-week  all  pits  thirty  feet  into  the  earth.  Some  pits  fifteen  feet  square,  American  brought  54s  to  55s  6d  per  cwt.  Small  sales  of  reason  to  believe,  he  ascribed  his  own  imprison-  ..,en  /  Nec  belle  tetrior  ulla,  t  o  way  home  from  the  Cape.  They  might  have  had  it  •  have  yielded  one  hundred  and  thirty-five  barrels  of  oil,  but  lard  have  been  made  t  57  58  a  s  s  per  cwt.  200  bales  of  juto  .  Scale  of  Prices  for  Contract  Advertise..  ,s  inent.  He  had  never  allied  himself,  even  osten ostenj:  j: ostenj:  Qtlain  filtrri  rabies  in  libera  cella  times  The  had  it  re  ularl  after  th  y  g  y  ey  left  St.  Vin-  all  are  not  alike  rich.  The  oil  is  valuable  for  weakness  in  have  been  disposed  of  including  to-day's  action,  at  22/  5s  •  •  •lel  to  an  of  the  clubs  of  th.e  da  •  - STYLE=superscript  et  it  was  some STYLE=superscript  '  .•  Yet  this  incarnate  spirit  of  evil  may  almost  h  e  si  y,  y  y,  y  ,  e  t  ;h  e  d  i  d  no  t  kn  ow  wh  e  th  er  they  had  it  once  h-vreek  fro  the  breast,  s  rains  cuts,  a,  db  •  it  b  •  -  •'  '  -  •  a STYLE=superscript  '  rns  ver  c  f  well  in  to  25/  7s  60.  for  middling  to  good,  belie  , STYLE=superscript  previous  rates.  1  9  _,  01',.,.  One  Mtmth  3  Months  6  Months  r„.  1  vieeyed  -- STYLE=superscript  its•  the  - STYLE=superscript  hero  - STYLE=superscript  of  Lamartine's  history  of  the  evident  that  his  opinions  on  passing  events  were  no  the  Cape  to  St.  Vincent.  The  meat  was  fresh  but  not  eatabl  n STYLE=superscript  e  l STYLE=superscript  lam  'd  P STYLE=superscript  b  '  d  .  n  d  rmses  l  ;  h  u  .  .  s  ,  ps,  an  may  e  use  in  ressing  eat  er,  mstea  of  fish  Gram.-Liberal  arrivals  have  again  depressed  wheat  3d  to  07  26  or  78  or  156  ply  i,  Crironslins,  as  Satan  has'been  'Considered  the  main  t  •  and  that  hi  mod  thinkin  an  secre  ,  s  .  eof  .  g  d  spealsing,  Two  little  Portuguese  bulls  were  taken  on  board  at  St.  oil,  but  makes  the  leather  porous.  4d  per  701bs  on  the  week.  Flour  has  also  receded  fully  2s  .  Insertions.  Insertions.  Insertions'  5  ,  5  _______  ____  ------;  0  0  0  0.;11  1  41  rt  -  '  with  res  ect  to  üblie  men  and  national  m  r  Vent  ..  personage  of  Paradise  It  is  1  P  P  easures,  Vincent,  and  the  meat  was  not  eatable-it  was  thrown  over-  THE  FATAL  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  SOUTH  W  r  . STYLE=superscript  11  nr  brl  I  .S  1  -AMWAY  .  -  •  AL  ..  Ddiall  corn  must  also  be  noted  2s  er  uarter  xs.  d  .e  8 STYLE=superscript  .  {..  s STYLE=superscript  l  l STYLE=superscript  t  at:.  in  arrest  and  Ceunteraction  of  the  deso-  wh  . STYLE=superscript  ch  he  did  freely,  and,  as  a  foreigner,  pe  r  h  a  p  s  board,  They  had  fresh  mutton.  Seven  or  eight  had  brought  ---LYDNEY,  THURSDAY  EVENING.-The  inquest  on  the  body  cheaper.  Irish  oats  dull,  and  rather  easier  to  p STYLE=superscript  u  ci STYLE=superscript  r  h  Ite  3  /ines  ..  '  e STYLE=superscript  l  8 STYLE=superscript  s  • STYLE=superscript  g  * STYLE=superscript  215  o  '  415  0,  12  i STYLE=superscript  '  n  p  c  ase.  •ndiscreetl  led  more  y,  ,  than  any  special  act,  to  his  actions  against  the  company  by  the  same  attorney.  As  to  of  the  unfortunate  man  Thomas  Simpson  has  just  been  Egyptian  beans  sell  slowly  at  48s  6d  to  49s  per  4801bs.  4or  5  lines  ..  113  0  42  6  72  or  j  9  !4  .  0  latnietthaSni  of  the  era,  he  proclaimed  with  all  the  1 STYLE=superscript  6or  7  lines  ..  25  0  60  0  11  0  ,°,  a%  6  sudden  apprehension,  became  his  own  settled  con-  the  cinality  of  the  provisions,  the  beef  was  not  of  good  opened  here  before  Mr.  Lovegrove,  coroner  for  Gloucester-  Corroes-A  large  portion  of  the  mills  hitherto  shut  up  89  or  10  lines  37  0  815  0  15  15  3  5 STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  4  °  pos.  .  and.  s  estentation  of  display,  on  the  Bth  of  viction.  In  the  latter  part  of  the  summer  of  1793,  vality,  it  f.  was  so  hard  you  could  not  get  your  teeth  into  it.  shire,  and  a  respectable  jury.  The  mifortunate  man  was  have  now  resumed  work,  but  not  on  full  time  ;  and  it  is  1;  A,  or  13lines  49  o  11  10  o  20  10  0 STYLE=superscript  44  0  37.1.10  t. STYLE=superscript  ,  * STYLE=superscript  il  tO  )  t,  i`  the  existence  of  ft  Supreme  Being,  orl6  lines  511  0  14  5  0  25  5 STYLE=superscript  °  8  6  ~  he  was  seized  and  thrown  into  prison,  and  never  or  our  .  times  it  was  stinkin  .  g.  He  complained  to  the  killed  on  Tuesday  morning,  by  a  slip  occurring  on  the  line  understood  that  in  several  important  toWns,,  short  time,  or  14, STYLE=superscript  15, STYLE=superscript  fleil  d  tAlp  imMortality  of  the  soul  nor  was  the  san-  captain  as  to  its  hardness  and  being  almost  in  a  raw  st  te  forty  hours  per  week,  will  be  adopted  in  the  course  of  the  For  every  additi-  __  ehtest  facility  had  the  sli,  afforded  him  of  Seeking  a  .  between  Gatcombe  and  Lydney,  in  consequence  of  which  the  onal  3  lines  ol  12  0  215  0  4  15 STYLE=superscript  °  ---&#34;'  gsisin;Wiierophant's  discourse  altooether  unworthy  It  was  very  inferior  beef.'  It  was  boiled  in  sa  ,  lt  water  at  down  mail  train  was  thrown  off  the  rail,  and  Simpson  the  Present  month,  and  in  all  cases  at  a  reduced  rate  of  wages  :  less.  efeges.elecasion,  but  it  checked  n  eti  o  le  guillotine  s  .  .  ,  redress  or  explanation.  The  family  property  at  •  4  times  an  he  made  that  com  laint  to  th  -  - STYLE=superscript  =''''  l STYLE=superscript  ,r  - STYLE=superscript  0  p  e  captain.  The  engine-driver,  was  crushed  to-death  beneath  it.  The  'body  at  Preston  and  Wigan  the  mills  are  still  closed.  There  has  -STI  I STYLE=superscript  •  e  .  CP  Bordeaux,  which  appeared  to  have  been  consi-  '  AGENTS  IN  THE  COL  loss'  „  e  ~tsc  homicidal.action,  and,  to  me,  a  witness  of  th  h  e  p  an-  pork  was  green  when  they  cut  it  ;  it  was  chiefi  so.  He  presented  a  most  shocking  spectacle,  having  been  crushed  in  been  a  fair  average  demand  for  cotton  during  the  week,  with  tasmagorie  scene,  one  word  would  have  a  eared  derable,  was  confiscated,  and  their  mercantile  con-  complained  of  it  half-a-dozen  times  to•  the  ursei:  and  the  a  fri  h  g  tful  manner.  Just  before  arriving  at  the  spot  where  a  larger  porticos.  on  speculation,  &amp;c,  than  we  have  of  late  Ashton....  .;..  Mr.  Kerrigan.  Preston.•••  ••  •  iest°  - STYLE=superscript  ,  s'  eteclA`  l STYLE=superscript  s  e.  1  ,,  Birmingham..  Mr.  Cooper.  more:.  demonstrative  of  the  great  truth  Pp STYLE=superscript  '  •  „  cerns  thenceforward,  at  least  for  some  time,  were  captain.  The  third-class  D  d'd  t  l3 STYLE=superscript  k  h  •  -  susprette  assengers  I  no  coo  t  eir  own  the  accident  happened,  the  line  rans  under  a  long  ridge  of  been  accustomed  to  e  and  the  trade  now  taking  merely  what  E.  &amp;C.  Mansell.  Runcorn..  •••  •  •  NI  %  W  o  rt  -Look:  up:  4o STYLE=superscript  plunged  into  inextricable  confusion.  We  can  provisions.  The  ship  tools  on  board  as  e  e  1  •  •  -  -  p  s  n  b  ers,  ug,gage,  cliffs,  having  on  the  other  side  the  broad  waters  of  the  tidal  they  require  we  find  that  the  consumptiom  from  this  Burnt;  Mr.  Lutcliffe.  s  .  ittl'  i  oqe.  Dale  •••  •  '  •  Cir  Pi  ~-  offt  , STYLE=superscript  thEr-monster•  •Marat,  his  description  was  plainly  perceive  that  what  happened  to  himself  at  stores,  and  gold.  Severn:  This  cutting  was  not  a  deep  one,  and  the  cause  of  portejudging  ' STYLE=superscript  by  the  average  of  the  last  few  weeks,  must  be  Bolton.  ...  -  Samuel  Gardner.  Roc  •  E..  ~.0  „,e.  ,  N  i,•  ili  , STYLE=superscript  ,  l  orrjel  (llillalY,AriVid  and  vituperative,  who  naturally  be-  Paris  never  could  have  misen  from  mistake,  A  Mr.  Deighton  and  Mr.  Morgan,  also  second-class  pas-  pis  qui  e  a  m.ystery,  the  bank  on  either  side  being  about  32,000  bales  weekly.  American  descriptions  are  the  sli  •  1  -  Bootle..  Barnsley....  eaineAmobjeet  of  his  special  abhorrence,  for  lie  had  or  inadvertence  :  whereas,  the  family,  as  well  sengers,  were  examined,  and  corroborated  this  evidence.  composed  of  rock  and  marl.  The  side  which  has  slipped  is  offered  plentifully,  the  only  scarcity  being  in  the  middling  Chorley...  beeaminstrained  frequently,  during  his  sojourn  in  its  his  connexions,  wherever  they  were  found,  Mrs.  Morgan  examined  :  She  came  home  with  her  hus-  much  lower  than  the  other  side.  Had  the  sli  t  k  1  qualities,  as  of  the  better  sorts  we  have  had  paen  p  ace  a  supply  of  new  Crewe--  Southport..  •'  '  sanitli  t  ,y.  i  .,  therrietmpolis,  to  listen  to  some  of  his  truculent  in  the  provinces,  as  surely  as  in  the  capital,  were  band.  The  beef  wa3  not  eatable,  for  a  woman  particularly  the  could  not  et  their  teeth  int,o  it  ;  on  the  other  side  of  the  line,  at  a  very  short  distance  from  cotton,  from  New  Orleans,  which  has  been  quite  adequate  to  Chester...  ..  It.  &amp;H.  Taylor.  Stockport.--  ••  •  it  ,  Jt_  o  pi  !  .  ~  Jain'  .  0  0  0  0,  argthideous  verses,  as  they  were  habitually  chanted  b'ecome  liable  to  the  same  fatality  and  oppres-  -  Y  g  •  the  spot  where  the  accident  happened,  the  consequence  would  the  demand.  We  make  no  change  in  our  quotations,  al-  Dou;;las..  ..  The  CHIEF  Juseice  :  Why  for  a  woman  ?  Oh  the  can't  5  Y  have  been  most  awful.  As  the  line  runs  along  the  edge  of  though  we  consider  low  qualities  rather  dearer.  Brazils  Holyhead  H.  G.  Hughes.  Wigan  ....  ~  3  s  tri  i  v  4  by  the  female  furies  of  the  guillotine.  One  verse  •`'ic'n•  On  these  matters,  or  any  points  at  all  bite  so  hard  as  the  men.  (Lau  htcr).  the  river  for  a  mile.  the  whole  train  must  have  inevitably  are  in  fair  request,  but  offered  freely  and  therefore  a  little  d  Clayton.  Woolton•  ••  •  •  ---  ,fl  ,,  ffutlersfield,  Edwar  _  Wigan...  ......  moo  rs  it  sc7  i  ,  in  vartieular  seemed  to  have  made  an  indelible  ira-  connected  with  his  seizure  or  irnpiisonment,  he  Witness  :  The  biscuits  were  rfot  e  bl  Sh  d'd  ata  e.  e  I  not  use  been  rolled  into  the  river  where,  in  the  darkness  of  the  heavy.  In  Egyptians  a  fair  extent  of  business  has  been  y  e- STYLE=superscript  -  .  George  Booth.  ine  pi  , STYLE=superscript  '  ,  Macclesfield.-  31r.  Shuttleworth  ••  .  4  .,,  11  ,  priission  on  his  memory,  since  he  had  heard  it  sung  always  observed  a  nervous  reluctance  to  make  any  much  of.  them.  •  night,  all  must  have  perish'ed.  A  large  staff  of  men  have  done,  and  no  improvement  whatever  in  prices.  We  still  have  Ormskirk..  .....  William  Garside.  14  0  blitticfgh  the  streets  shortly  before  his  own  incar-  sort  of  communication  beyond  the  mere  facts  Mr.  CHAMBERS  •  The  .  y  walked  off  too  fast.  (Laughter).  b  een  employed  to  remove  the  debris.  This  they  have  done,  - STYLE=superscript  a•  good  demand  for  Surats,  but  the  import  continues  so  Preset:a..  Thomas  Traverse  .•  Vl°'  3l STYLE=superscript  061'11'H  - STYLE=superscript  on  -  themselves.  We  shall  therefore  follow  his  exam-  Th  1  ewi  ness  corroborated  the  former  witnesses.  She  left  hut  the  traffic  is  still  in  a  measure  impeded,  owing  to  the'  heavy  .  that  no  higher  prices  can  be  obtained.  5,300  bales  Preston  James  Lambert.  •  ...  c  .  s  1  _,,,,,  ~  1  !Ot  If'  .  Du'  sang,  du  sang!  il  faut  du  sang  ;  ple,  by  closing  this  portion  of  our  subject  by  an  the  vessel  at  Portsmouth;  she  was  tired  of  it.  She  could  necessity  of  its  being  carried  on  one  line  of  rails,  for  two  or  .  Amencan,  70  Egyptian,  2,630  Surat,  700  Madras,  and  370  PUBLISHING  OFFICES,  1  cHAlur  v  ,  o  o  o STYLE=superscript  '  ni  ,  LIVERPOOL  19  SOUTH  Joan  ST.  e  t•  '  i  ~  exists-  a  .  -  expression  of  our  conviction,  that  whatever  might  scarcely  crawl  on  deck  for  want  of  nourishment.  She  could  -  Bengal  have  been  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export,  and  me  p  sST  i  01  1 STYLE=superscript  ,,j  o  tlf  f STYLE=superscript  Versons  a  boire  ala  machine  :  three  miles  workmen  being  employed  in  lowering  the  bank  NCHESTER,9,  alive  Es  •  n  1 STYLE=superscript  1  7 STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  '&#34;.  have  been  the.  r  t  ••  •  t  'se  of  his  not  even  get  a  cup  of  sago.  They  bought  what  they  could-  37,310  bales  by  the  trade.  The  actualexport  consists  of  790  WM&#34;'  SO'  e  -  Pour  abreuver  la  guillotine,  emo  eor  pioxima  e  eau  on  the  down  side.  '  It-is  a  melancholy  fact  that  almost  at  the  CHARLEs  - STYLE=superscript  m  ad  Il  faut  du  sang,  du  confinement  -could  we  . STYLE=superscript  ascertain  it-no  doubt  it  at  the  Cape,  and  but  for  that  she  must  have  died.  moment  when  poor  Simpson  was  killed  his  wife  (who  lived  -  d  b  imerican,  100  Brazils,  &amp;c.,  and  1,160  East  India-in  all  Printed  and  Publiahe  y  i  p  r  inting  -  so  l.  One  of  the  mildest  of  men  himself,  he  has  been  fre-  would  be  found  in  acco  d  r  ance  with  the  fixed  and  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Wheatley  were  also  examined  in  corrobo-  at  Chepstow)  was  confined  of  her  fifth  child.  The  inquest  2,050  bales.  The  sales  to•day  are  6,000  bales,  of  which  Oxford-street,  at  his  Genera  s  e  yerP  h  n  -street,  003.  .  ration,  and  it  being  past  four  o'clock,  and  impossible  to  finish  1,000  are  taken  on  speculation  and  for  ex  ort.  The  sales  Establishment,  19,  South  Jo  e  ,,  3,  had  onl  •ust  commenced  when  the  report  was  dis  etched  b  YJP  Y  P  SATURDAY,  DECEMBDIb  *  Cecil  en  arrant  gloriam  Del.-Dial.  xviii.-Cork  Mag.'  steady  principles  which  he  was  ever  known  to  main-  '  the  case  that  night,  the  trial  was  adjourned.  during  lait  month  amounted  to  185,850  bales,  of  which  Sept  18,  1848  k  tain.  As  he  was  heard  to  declare  himself  of  a  cer  the  last  available  traim  C4---the  -7- STYLE=superscript  monster•  .111arat,  his  description  was  (1  4  ir  ok,  :v  i  v  id  and  vituperative,  who  naturally  be becainaAmobject  cainaAmobject becainaAmobject  of  his  special  abhorrence,  for  lie  had  been  cdnstrained  frequently,  during  his  sojourn  in  the  arnetropolis,  to  listen  to  some  of  his  truculent  and  hideous  verses,  as  they  were  habitually  chanted  by  the  female  furies  of  the  guillotine.  One  verse  in  particular  seemed  to  have  made  an  indelible  ira iraiirtission  iirtission iraiirtission  on  his  memory,  since  he  had  heard  it  sung  ttlittifgh  the  streets  shortly  before  his  own  incar incareeliftion  eeliftion incareeliftion  '&#34;  Du  - STYLE=superscript  sang,  du  sang  !  it  faut  du  sang  ;  xsa  '  t STYLE=superscript  Versons  a  boire  ala  machine  :  1 STYLE=superscript  'Pour  . STYLE=superscript  abreuver  la  guillotine,  Il  faut  du  sang,  du  sang  One  ofthe  mildest  of  men  himself,  he  has  been  fre fre-9,  9, fre-9,  R.  &amp;  H.  Taylor.  It.  -  ,  Douglas  Mrs.  Quiggins.  ~  jarnl  oi  lty,  Holyhead  H.  G.  Hughes.  Wigan  .....  .  •  •  :  NT  ,.  _  vi  l  .  0  0  Huddersfield,  Edward  Clayton.  Wootton.  •  •  •  •  '  ---1  .  Ilet,  Hyde...  Marelesfield....  Mr.  Shuttleworth  ~  ine  ito  o)  , STYLE=superscript  Ormskirk..  .....  William  Garside.  liirs.  t  ,  Prescot..  INGOFFICES,Th  om  as  Traverse  ~  Preston  Jame  s  amber  ___  PO&#34;'  AVERPOOL,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  ST.  1  cri___A_ll  os  MANCHESTER,9,  Patric  gas  ST. STYLE=superscript  __  L  ilovois  j  PUBLISH,.IO  *  Cceli  en  arrant  gloriam  Dei.—PBal.  xviii.—Cork  Hag.  Sept  18,  1848  k  P4_TB00005 e STYLE=superscript  l  ti STYLE=superscript  t  .° STYLE=superscript  PI STYLE=superscript  ;  as  p STYLE=superscript  for  i  nu-  ,  aa  bef  s STYLE=superscript  '  ithe STYLE=superscript  k  n STYLE=superscript  e  t  b STYLE=superscript  /:  1: STYLE=superscript  1  114: STYLE=superscript  k'141 STYLE=superscript  :1-  11 STYLE=superscript  the  c  idil STYLE=superscript  A  TIO  1\ STYLE=superscript  1  ,4 STYLE=superscript  au  _  allUf  3et STYLE=superscript  r  Pe STYLE=superscript  cc  ,icy  tro  roads  , STYLE=superscript  •  The':  velf  uteri  03;  :ba  t STYLE=superscript  :o  qUot  fl STYLE=superscript  ,  ,t. STYLE=superscript  the  14°°"
