text
"On  hair.  BONE  PHOSPHATES,  in  Crust  or  Pulverised;  BIRD  ISLAND  and  MEXICAN  GUANO,  for  Analysis,  &amp;c.  Apply  to  ARNOTT,  BROTHERS,  Liver-chambers,  Tithebarn-street  TO  EXPORTERS.  VINEGAR.  PICKLES,  SAUCES,  JAMS,  &amp;c.,  Prepared  expressly  fur  Exportation,  EVERY  &amp;  CO.,  35,  South  John-street.  Always  on  Sale,  by  THB  ANNUAL  SUBS  Clt  IPTIO  N  TO  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Is  TWO  GUINEAS  PER  ANNUM.  EVENING  EDITION  or  An  Evening  Edition  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  is  now  Published  every  Afternoon,  at  Three  o'clock,  containing  the  Markets,  together  with  all  the  News  of  the  Day,  up  7 STYLE=superscript  •  q  to  Press,  E4e  kortljtru  Mutts  MONDAY,  JANUARY  28,  1856  TAE  commercial  news  brought  from  Australia  by  the  Champion  of  Seas  is,  on  the  whole,  exceed  ingly  encouraging.  The  export  trade  of  Melbourne  was  active,  and  shows  an  excess  over  imports,  from  the  Ist  of  January  to  the  20th  of  October,  of  The  production  of  gold  showed  a  1,908,513  steady  pr  ogressive  increase  ;  population  was  also  rapidly  pouring  in  to  develop°  its  inexhaustible  supplies,  and  nearly  every  species  of  labour  was  in  demand,  at  remunerative  wages.  All  this  we  should  have  thought  sufficient  to  have  secured  our  system  of  Colonial  government  from  all  reproach,  and  to  have  left  the  Colonists  nothing  more  to  desire.  But  political  wrongs  appeared  to  be  the  alloy  which  belongs  to  the  material  greatness  and  happiness  of  nations.  When  mankind  have  nothing  to  ask  beyond  the  honest  administration  of  public  affairs,  and  something  bordering  on  a  respect  for  the  laws  under  which  they  live,  and  public  decorum,  some  mortal,  apeing  the  tyrant,  and  abusing  the  trust  reposed  in  him,  appears  on STYLE=superscript  the  stage  to  destroy  the  harmony  of  society,  and  fill  the  public  mind  with  discontent  and  disgust.  Amidst  the  bustle  of  clearing  large  bullion  freights,  and  shipping  millions  of  pounds  of  wool  and  other  produce,  the  people  of  Victoria  were  called  upon  to  attend  public  meetings  for  the  purpose  of  adopting  addresses  to  Her  MAJESTY,  complaining  of  the  arbitrary  conduct  of  Sir  HENRY  Fox  YOUNG,  the  Governor  of  Van  Dieman's  Land,  whose  proceedings  in  a  case  of  alleged  peculation  in  the  convict  ';department  of  that  Colony,  we  have  already  noticed.  It  would  bo  impossible,  as  we  before  observed  to  enter  into  the  merits  of  the  charge  at  this  ' STYLE=superscript  distance.  We  can  merely  deal  with  the  fact  that  the  subject  was  thought  of  sufficient  importance  to  justify  some  of  the  leading  members  of  the  Colonial  Legislature  bringing  it  before  the  House  of  Assembly,  that  the  majority  of  that  body  demanded  an  investigation  into  the  conduct  of  the  head  of  the  convict  department,  and  that  the  enquiry  was  refused,  and  the  Assembly  most  unceremoniously  prorogued  by  the  Governor.  That  such  conduct  should  produce  great  excitement  throughout  the  Australian  Colonies  is  by  no  means  surprising.  The  meeting  held  in  Melbourne  was  presided  over  by  the  chief  magistrate,  and  the  resolutions  passed.  at  that  meetin  g  are  a  true  reflex  of  the  opinions  entertained  in  this  country  on  such  subjects.  They  commence  by  statinn,  that  the  claim  asserted  by  th  e  Legislative  Council  to  compel  the  attendance  of  witnesses  to  be  examined  before  select  committees  of  that  body,  i  s  i  nd  i  s  pensable  to  the  due  exercise  of  one  of  the  most  important  functions  of  a  Legislature.  They  next  assert  that  suddenly  proroguing  the  Council  for  suppressing  e  nqu  i  ry  i  nto  the  purpose  of  forcibly  the  conduct  of  certain  officers  of  the  convict  department  of  the  Colony  charged  with  the  grossest  malversation  of  their  respective  offices,''  and  the  unprecedented  mode  of  prorogation  adopted  by  the  Governor  in  going  into  the  Council  at  a  late  hour  of  the  night,  in  the  midst  of  a  debate,  without  the  usual  formal  notice,  was  an  abuse  of  the  powers  confided  to  him  by  her  most  gracious  MAJfesTv,which  is STYLE=superscript  calculated  to  bring  her  name  and  authority  into  contempt,  and  which  would,  if  suc successful,  cessful, successful,  be  utterly  destructive  to  the  independence  of  the  legislature.  The  meeting  further  recorded  their  sympathy  with  the  Tasmanian  council,  in  what  they  call  a  conflict  with  an  arbitrary  and  irresponsible  executive,  and  tendered  to  them  the  assurance  of  cordial  support,  in  maintaining  That  Sir  HENRY  YOUNG  has  been  recalled  is  pro probable  bable probable  enough  ;  but  will  the  charges  brought  against  those  whom  his  conduct  was  likely  to  screen  be  passed  over  in  silence?  In  the  resolutions  adopted  at  a  public  meeting  held  at  Glamorgan,  in  Tasmania,  it  is  broadly  stated  that  the  proceed 'proceed'  ings  of  his  Excellency  the  Governor,  and  the  Executive  Couucil,  since  the  last  meeting  the  Legislative  Assembly  have  been  rash  hasty,  and  unconstitutional,  in  thwart 'thwart'  ing  the  endeavours  of  the  select  committee  in  the  investigation  of  the  convict  department  for  the  gross  neglect  charged  against  it,  even  to  normous  loss  of  What  this  enormous  loss  _  s  we  cannot  understand.  It  is  not  Sir  HENRY  YOUNG  has  added  of  life  me  possible  that  bloodshed  to  his  rash.  hasty,  and  unconstitutional  conduct.  Me  cannot  have  made  war  against  the  Colonists  for  merely  insisting  on  their  civil  rights  .  Can  it  be  that  through  the  mal-administration  of  the  convict  department  that  the  lives  of  the  unfortunate  criminals  have  been  sacri sacri_  _ sacri_  Mr.  LOWE,  the  member  for  Kid Kidderminster,  derminster, Kidderminster,  will  probably  give  Parliament  some  ficed  ?  information  on  these  most  important  topics  )lICHER  responsibl  se  conduct  of  men  appointed  to  such  onerous  he  became  Colonial  Secretary  situations,  befc  The  country  must,  therefore,  look  to  Parliament  for  explanation  and  redress  in  the  present  instance.  With  a  lore  such  hasty,  and  unconst  the  Governor  of  Tasmania,  spread  over  our  Coloni  should  soon  have  a  ivholc  circle  of  wars  of  on  our  hands,  and  might  be  very  glad  to  accept  Mr.  GLADSTONE'S  policy,  as  the  future  of  our  invaluable  Colonial  Empire.  IT  would  be  impossible  for  the  Ministry  to  meet  Parliament  without  some  grand  naypes,  and  it  is  hoped  that  peace  negotiations  will  prove  triumfo.  Let  who  will  shuffle  and  cut,  England  must  deal  fairly  with  the  whole  question.  She  must  neither  be  guided  by  dynastic  influences  nor  by  fanaticism.  She  must  not  yield  to  Austrian  threats,  Prussian  frowns,  or  German  interests.  If  Europe  desires  peace,  and  if  we  would  restore  the  world's  tranquillity  on  a  solid  basis,  we  mustisecure  to  all  nations  the  enjoyment  of  those  rights  and  privileges  we  seek  for  ourselves.  The  re-building  of  the  fortifications  of  Bomarsund  would  not  be  a  menace  to  this  country  alone.  Their  re-construction  would  be  undertaken  for  the  sole  purpose  of  coercing  Denmark  and  Sweden,  and  tyrannising  over  the  world's  commerce  in  the  Baltic.  Such  military  and  naval  works  would  only  be  engaged  in  for  despotic  purposes,  and  if  we  suffer  them  to  be  prosecuted  by  the  CZAR,  the  next  generation  may  witness  the  banishment  of  consular  agents  from  the  Russian  ports  of  the  Baltic,  as  well  as  those  of  the  Euxine,  and  the  Sea  of  Azoff.  That  Great  Britain  should  have  submitted  to  Muscovite  dictation  on  such  subjects  for  such  a  length  of  time,  is  really  unpardonable.  Our  trade  with  the  Russian  ports  of  the  Black  Sea  has  amounted  to  some  millions  annually,  and  yet  we  have  only  been  allowed  four  Consuls  in  those  seas,  to  watch  over  the  interests  of  the  British  subjects  engaged  in  it.  Had  such  a  national  grievance  been  generally  known,  it  is  more  than  probable,  it  would  have  led  to  a  war  between  the  two  countries  long  since.  We  had  a  Consul  at  Odessa,  Ismail,  Kertch,  and  Taganrog,  but  in  the  whole  of  the  vast  Russian  empire,  we  had  but  nineteen  Co  nsu  l  ar  agents;  while,  in  the  comparatively  small  states  of  Sardinia,  we  had  .  _  eighteen  ;  Norway,  twenty-two  ;  Portugal,  thirty thirtyone  one thirtyone  :  the  Two  Sicfiies,  thirty  ;  and  Turkey,  fifty fiftytwo.  two. fiftytwo.  If  these  numbers  go  for  anything,  they  show  the  hostility  with  which  absolute  Powers  view  the  presence  of  those  whose  business  it  is  to  watch  over  our  commerce.  In  Austria,  we  have  only  four  Consuls,  and  in  Prussia,  eight.  We  :may  have  far  too  many  of  these  agents  in  other  countries,  such  as  Portugal;  but,  still,  there  exists  no  positive  objection  on  the  part  of  Constitutional  Govern Governments  ments Governments  to  our  looking  diligently  after  our  trade.  Now,  in  negotiating  peace,  the  Allies  should  secure  to  themselves  the  right  of  establishing  Con Consulates  sulates Consulates  in  any  portion  of  the  Russian  dominions  they  may  think  proper.  We  would  not  demand  this  simply  for  ourselves,  but  in  the  inviolate  their  right  to  inquire  into  abuses,  affecting  the  welfare  of  the  colony,  and  thereby  maintain  the  rights  and  liberties  of  the  people  whom  they  Similar  meetings  have  been  held  in  other  parts  of  Australia,  and  we  shall  be  curious  to  see  how  her  Majesty  will  receive  their  addresses,  and  what  course  her  advisers  will  pur pursue  sue pursue  in  the  matter."
