text
"although,  of  course,  they  pre  fully  registered  in  the  archives  of  the  duildhidl.  But,  perhaps,  Mr.  Alderman  CHALLts  has,signal has,signalized  ized has,signalized  himself  during  his  year  in  office  more  than  his  . STYLE=superscript  predecessors.  He  has,  at  all  events,  dodeone  good-thing,  by—in  the  language  of  a  contemporary  raising  literature  to  the  level  ;  of  turtle  He  now  seeks  to  raise  a  monument  to  the  PRINCE,  as  a  memorial  of  the  :Great  ExhibitiOn  of  1851.  What  consummate  folly—lick-spittle  adulation  =  parasitical  phrensy  f  Erecting  a  monument  to  a  , STYLE=superscript  living  man  !  The  entire  scheme  is  nothing  short  of  grotesque  toinfoolery-  7  --abOut  as  utile  as  the  Mayor's  itself,  and  every  whit  as  laughable.  To  degrade  Art  by  making  it  subser subservient  vient subservient  to  city  vanity  is  bad  enough  ;  but  it  is  worse,  still,  to  render  a  beautiful  idea  as  commonplace  as  a  civic  dinner,  or  dish  of  whitebait.  The  ex-Lord  MAvott.  could  not  have  chosen  a  worse  time  for  bringing  forward  such  a  plan,  albeit  that  the  public  iveie  . STYLE=superscript  friendly  to  its  adoption,  To  say  the  least,  it  was  not.  exactly  in  keeping  with  a  delicate  Or  re refined  fined refined  taste—which  assureely  a  London  MAYOR  _  -  ought  to  Tossess—and  the  censorious  would;only  be  too.  glad  to  seize  such  an  opportunity•for  giving  full  scope  to  that  peculiar  bent  for  which  they  are  so  proverbial.  The  proposal  .has  been  met  in-the  proper  spirit.  It  has  called  forth  unmitigated  ridicule  and  opposition  froni  the  PreSS-  . STYLE=superscript  --  .  .  to:  which  we  join  our  .  humble,  .  but  .  earnest-  denunCiation.  A  project  •so  futile,  injudicious,  and  ill-timed,  perhaps  never  was  ,It  could  not,  weare  confident,  fulfil  .the  purpose  for  which  it  was  designed,  being  neither  complimentary  to  the  PRINCE  nor  honourable  to  the  country.  And  the  only  purpose  it  could  serve  would  be  to  cause  other  nations  to  pity  our  weakness  and  smile  at  our.  infatuation.  Positively  any  folly,  when  originated  by  a  public  man,  will  meet  with  some  supporters.  The  spirit  of  flunkeydom  has  not  yet  departed  from  us  .  ;  and  we  only  reget  to  see'  the..same  manifested  in  high  clerical  quarters.  ,But  - STYLE=superscript  what  will  not  people  do  for  a  good  dinner;  and  how  eloquently  they  will  speak  after  it..  .Take  the  greatest  Tom  NOODLE  •in  Chris Christendom,  tendom, Christendom,  set  him  down  to  . STYLE=superscript  the  Lord  MAYOR'S  table,  let  him  go  from  thence  to  it  *public  meeting,  and  we  warrant,  if  he  does  not  .surpass,  he  will  at  all  events  equal  CICERO  in  the  warmth  of  his  eloquence,  and  the  vehemence  of  his  declamation.  Of  course  we  could  not  guarantee  his  English—he  might  use  as  many  as  the'l3iShop  of  OxFoan.himself—but  what  of  that  ?  It  is  the  province  of  genius  not  to  be  bound  by  any  rule,  and  certainly  it  may  well  despise  those  of  LINDLEY  MURRAY.  We  have  -every  respect  •  for  the  excellent,  and  noble  character  Prince  ALBERT.  We  admire  his  genius---acknowledge  his  virtues—honour  his  ef efforts  forts efforts  for  the  public  good—but  we  should  not  erect  a  Statue  in  his  praise,  We  have  his  living  forth  moving  and  .  working  among  us,  which  is  'better  than  a  dead  impersonification:  It.  will  be  time  enough  when  he  is  - STYLE=superscript  no  more,  to.  erect  a  monument  to  perpetuate  his  name  and  fame,-  and'  which  may  serve  whilst  'it'  commemorated  his  virtuous  deeds  to  excite  in  others  a  laudable  emulation.  -  The  best  way  to  honor.  our  eminent-  PRINCE  is  to.  promote  those  objects  which  his  Philanthropy  originated.  Not  to  erect  an  unmeaning  block  of  granite,  but  to  build  comfortable  residences  •  of  brick  and  mortar,  where  our  artizans  and  laborers.  may  live  in.  comfort  and  decency.  Raise  as  -moral  anent  by  all  means,  but  let  it  be  in  the  shape  of  Model  Houses  .for  .the  poor.  _This  •  is  a  scheme  which  will  be  sure  to  meet  with  universal  appro approbation  bation approbation  and  support.  Dispatches  were  received  at  the.  Colonial  office  yesterday  morning,  from.the  Governor  of  Bermuda.  •  Dispatches  were  sent  off  last  evening,  from  the  Colonial  office  to  the  Governors  of  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope,.  and  the  Mauritius.  -  The.  collection  for  the  Blue  Coat  School  at  St.  Peter's  church  on  Sunday  morning,  on  the  occasion  of  the  new  Mayor  .  attending,  amounted  to  nearly  £loo.  _  Letters  from  St.  Petersburgh,  of  the  3rd  inst.,  speak  of  a  fresh  levy  of  recruits,  to  the  extent  of  seven  .in  a  thousand,.  having  commenced  on  the  Ist  inst.  throughout  the  eastern_  part  of  the  Empire.  BANK  or  ENGLAND  NOTIFICATION.—The  Bank  of  Eng England  land England  have  - STYLE=superscript  intimated  that  they  will  now  discount  the  amounts  of  the  various  petty  stocks  due  in  January  at  the  rate  of  3  per  cent.  instead  of  4  per  - STYLE=superscript  cent.,  as  originally  proposed  in  their  notification  of  the  2fid  inst.  OPENING  OF  THE  NEW  CENTRAL  RAILWAY,  LONDON.--'  The  extensive  and  handsoine  station  which  has  been  built  on  the  site  of  the  old  terminus  of  the  Blackwall  line,  in  Fench Fenchchurch-street,  church-street, Fenchchurch-street,  was  opened  yssterday  for  the  accommodation  of  the  North  London  and  Blackwall  trains.  •  MR.  JAMES  HormEs,  banker,  In-Other  of  the  late  Mr.  Alderman  John  Holmes,  of  this  town,  who  died  three  weeks  ago,  died  at  Douglas,  on  Thursday  - STYLE=superscript  last.  The  family  pro property,  perty, property,  which  is  said  to  be  worth  £500,000,  h  as  b  e  en  left  to  the  deceased  gentleman's  two  grand  neices.  The  re remains  mains remains  of  the  deceased  gentleman,  were  brought  to  Liverpool  on  Friday  evening,  fer  the  purpose  of  interment  in  the  family  vault  at  Low  Hill  Cemetery.,  .  ;FATAL  ACCIDENT  ON  BOARD  A  STEAMER:--011  Saturday  evening  about  half-past  eight  o'clock;  Robert  Cruikshank,  ,  second-engineer  of  the  steam-ship  Minerva,  while  at  work  on  board,  as  the  vessel  was  preparing  to  leave  the  Nelson  Deck  for  Belfast,  was  struck  on  the  head  by  the  fly-wheel.  and  sustained  injuries  which  caused  his  death  as,  he  was  being  conveyed  to  the  Northern  Hospital.  THE  'BOMBAY  MAIL-PACKET  SERVICE.---Tbe  terms  of  a  contract  for  mail  service  between  Bombay  and  Aden  are  aglreed  between  the  government,  and  the  Peninsular  and  Oriental  ConipanY.  The  payment  for  this  line  has  been  fixed  at  the  - STYLE=superscript  same  -rate,  viz.,  Gs.  M.  per  mile,  that  the  corn-  ,  pally  receive  for  the  other  -branches  of  their  mail  contract  between  this  conntry,  India,  China,  and  AuStralia.  --  TEE  RIVAL  GuAdEs.Another.  battle  of  the  guages  is  to  come  off  to  day  at  the  meeting  of  the  South  Western  Railway  .Company.  A  railway  between  Dorchester  and  EXeter  is  about  to  be  made,  and  the  Gieat  Western  and  the  South  Western  are  both  contending  for  the  making  of  the  the  former  company  on  the  broad  guage,  and  the  latter  on  the  narrow.  The  directors  of  the  South  Western  are  anxious  to  make  . STYLE=superscript  the  line;  but  Seine  of  the  'Sha.reholders  are  'opposed  to  their  having  anything  to  do  with  it,  and  a  warm  discussion  on  the  subject  expected  :at  to  day's  meet meeting.  ing. meeting.  .  Tun  Yoo.—Yesterday  morning,  LiVerpiool  was  enVeloped  in  a  dense  fog,  perhaps  one  of  the  most  dense  we  have  ex experienced-for  perienced-for experienced-for  some  years.  During  the  morning,  gas  was.  lighted  in  the  shops  and  offices  in  town,  and  the  entire  as aspect  pect aspect  of  the  streets  strongly  reminded  passer-by  of  a  London  The  fog  was  accompanied  hy,a  very  oppressive  and  almost  mephetic  vapour.  Towards  evening,  it  considerably  cleared  off,  and  last  night,  the  atmosphere  was  comparatively  pure.  Notwithstanding,  however,  the  denseness  of  the  fog,  the  boats  continued  to  ply  across  .  the  river,  and  we  have  not  heard  that  any  accident  occurred  throughout  the  day.  THE*  FRENCH  •  GOVERNMENT  'AND  TILE  TELEGRAPH.  —  The  .214),iiteur  of  the  9th  instant  publishes  some  facts  which  are  of  interest  to  the  travelling  and  commercial  public.  It  states  that  •the  government  has  just  opened  two  new  office  3.  in  Paris  for  the  transmission  of  telegraphic  messages  to  England  and  elsewhere;  one  at  the  Orleans  Railway  Sta Station,  tion, Station,  the  other  at  the  station.  of  the  Northern  line.  There Thereare  are Thereare  'now,  therefore,  four  offices-opened  in  •all—at  the  Min Ministri  istri Ministri  of  the  Interior,  103  Rue  de  Grenelle  St.  Germain  ;  at  83,  Rue  Richelieu,  opposite  the  Exchange,  and  at  the  Northern  and  Orleans  Railway  Termini.  The  Moniteur  'cautions  the  public  as  follows  The  public  is  informed  that  no  telegraphic  message  can  leave  Paris  unless  it  has  been  presented  at  one  of  the  above  named  offices,  Persons  who  remit  their  despatches  ihrOUgh  . STYLE=superscript  agencies  established  by  private  parties,  who  are  always  compelled  afterwards  to  present  them  at  the  government  offices,  subject  themselves,  not  only  to  delays,  which  are,  often  considerable,  but  they  also  frequently  pay  much  higher  than  those  fixed  by  CRIMINAL  INFORMATION.-11l  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench,  yesterday,  on  the  application  .of  Sir  Frederick  Thessiger,  a  rule  nisi  for  a  criminal  information  was  granted  against  Mr.  Franks  Evans  Jervis,  a  schoolmaster,  of  Repton,  near  Foremouth  Hall,  in  the  county  of  Derby,  for  having  published  a  libel  reflecting  on  the  character  of  Mr..  Henry  Allsopp,  the  well  knoWn  brewer,  in  which  were  contained  very  serious  charges  against  Mr.  Allsopp,  arid  among  them  one  of  mur murder.  der. murder.  The  libel  was  contained  in  some  verses  published  by  Mr.  Jervis,  in  which,  amongst  other  things,  it  was  asserted  that  strychnine  was  used  by  Mr.  Allsopp  in  the  making  of  his  ale,  and  which  was,  therefore,  deleterious.  The  libel  charged  him  with  being  a  quack—with  forcing  his  ales  into  public  notice.by  falsehood,  and  compared  him  with  being  a  counterpart  of  Legree,  as  described  in  Tom's  sitting  on  a  beer  barrel  doing  the  office  of  Jack  Ketch,  without  giving  Jaek  Ketch  the  trouble  of  performing  the  office."
