text
"have  no  doubt  that  the  public  will  thoroughly  sym sympathize  pathize sympathize  with  our  suggestions.  It  is  the  noblest  and  most  honourable  of  all  employments  to  wage  war  with  vice—to  go  on  a  mission  of  mercy  to  the  conventionally  debased  and  fallen  ones—to  speak  gently  to  the  endeavour  to  restore  to  society  and  virtue,  the  yielding  and  unhappy  victim'  of  man's  seduction,  treachery,  and  ingrati ingratitude  tude ingratitude  :  To  weep  with  them  that  weep  doth  ease  some  deal,  But  sorrows  flouted  at,  is  MINISTERIAL  MOVEMENTS.  It  was  rumoured  in  Paris  on  Wednesday  that  Lord  Aberdeen's  administration  was  at  an  end.  Sir  James  Graham  visited  the  Queen  on  Monday  at  osl)orne.  The  following  is  from  our  second  edition  of  yesterday  :  The  Herald  says  :—lt  is  as  yet  unknown  whether  Sir  George  Grey  has  accepted  the  vacant  Sec Secretaryship,  retaryship, Secretaryship,  but  little  doubt  is  expressed  in  political  circles  on  that  head.  The  Chronicle  says  it  is  supposed  he  will  accept.  The  Advertiser  reports  a  difficulty  in  the  way  because  Sir  G.  Grey  represents  the  borough  of  Alorpeth,  which  only  contains  a  constituency  of  400,  and  consequently  would  be  placed  in  the  category  of  Lord  John  Russell's  small  boroughs,  which  it  is  proposed  to  extinguish.  His  re-election  could  therefore  scarcely  be  expected.  Amongst  others  now  named  for  the  office  is  Lord  Grey.  On  the  20th  September  the  shock  of  an  earthquake  was  felt  at  Hobart  Town,  Van  Dieman's  Land.  MILEAGE  or  RAlLWAYS.—According  to  a  return  just  issued,  the  mileage  of  railways  in  England  is  5,288  miles,  5  furlongs,  and  211  yards  ;  and  in  Wales  348  miles,  5  fur furlongs,  longs, furlongs,  and  203  yards.  ACREAGE  rig  ENGLAND  AND  WALES.—By  a  return  yester yesterday  day yesterday  printed  it  appears  that  the  acreage  in  England  and  Wales  of  the  parishes  in  the  several  counties  is  9,177,190  acres,  8  roods,  and  8  perches,  out  of  which  65,047  acres  and  6  perches  are  occupied  by  railways.  ROBBERY  OF  £l,OOO  - STYLE=superscript  WORTH  OF  JEWELLERY  IN  THE  STRAND.—On  Monday  evening,  between  five  and  six  o'clock,  a  glazed  leather  bag,  containing  a  thousand  pounds  worth  of  jewellery,  was  stolen  from  a  cab  standing  at  the  door  of  tradesman  in  the  Strand.  Not  the  slightest  clue  to  the  de detection  tection detection  of  the  thief  has  been  yet  discovered.  The  Hamburg  News  says  from  St.  Peters Petersburg  burg Petersburg  state  that  in  the  shops  of  that  city  are  sold  maps  of  Consta:Ainople,  in  which  the  Turkish  capital  is  divided  into  Russian  police  districts.  A  copy  of  this  map,  which  was  brought  to  Vienna,  produced  a  great  sensation,  as  it  is  well  known  that  at  St.  Petersburg  .  no  person  can  sell  maps  or  engravings  . STYLE=superscript  without  the  authorisation  of  the  FLOGGING  IN  THE  NAVY,  PRODUCING  APOPLEXY  AND  EPILEPSY.—In  the  Medical  Times  and  Gazette  of  the  17th  instant,  are  reports,  by  Dr.  Davidson,  of  the  cases  of  two  men  who  were  flogged  on  board  one  of  her  majesty's  ships,  one  of  whom  was  removed  from  the  gratings  in  a  fit  of  epilepsy,  and  the  other  had  an  apopletic  attack.  One  was  rendered  permanently  unserviceable.  Surely  these  facts  alone  are  sufficient  to  put  an  end  to  a  practice  which  is  a  disgrace  to  our  country  and  our  age.  THE  WEATHER  AND  THE  LONDON.  PARKS.—On  Monday  morning  the  marquees,  and  the  different  apparatus  for  the  recovery  of  persons  who  might  become  immersed  whilst  en enjoying  joying enjoying  the  exercise  of  skaiting,  were  erected  in  the  various  parks.  Whilst  the  men  were  thus  employed  in  the  enclo enclosure  sure enclosure  of  St.  James's-park,  a  number  of  lads  ventured  upon  the  ornamental  water,  when  unfortunately  the  ice  broke,  and  six  of  the  lads  were  immersed.  They  were  all,  however,  got  out.  COAST  DEFENCES.  —Sixty  heavy  guns  are  to  be  mounted  at  the  battery  now  erecting  at  Sconce  Point,  on  the  Isle  of  Wight,  to  guard  Vie  entrance  of  the  Solent  sea.  Thirty  guns  are  mounted  at  Hurst  Castle  battery,  opposite  the  Isle  of  Wight,  on  the  Hampshire  coast.  There  is  also  to  be  another  battery  erected  about  a  mile-and-a-half  distant  from  Sconce  P.int,  at  a  place  called  Cliff-end.  This  battery  will  be  directly  opposite  that  of  Hurst  Castle.  These  forti fortifications,  fications, fortifications,  when  completed,  will  render  the  passage  of  the  Solent  by  a  hostile  fleet  impossible.  PADDINGTON.—The  village  of  Paddington,  which  was  once  given  to  Westminster  Abbey,  and  afterwards  by  Ed Ed'Ward  'Ward Ed'Ward  VI.  to  the  Bishop  of  London  and  his  successors,  is  now  one  of  the  most  remarkable  portions  of  London.  The  story  of  its  growth  sounds  like  a  fable.  In  1801  it  contained  357  houses,  and  a  population  of  1,881  persons.  In  1851  there  were  6519  houses,  with  222  in  progress,  and  a  population  of  46,306  persons.  The  rates  were  levied  in  that  year  en  an  Nang,reditithoy  i  ri  722  and  in  1852  this  had  been  in-  CHRISTMAS-DAY  ON  SUNDAY.-Although  the  last  occur occurrence  rence occurrence  of  the  kind  took  place  in  1842—eleven  years  ago—yet  the  coincidence  does  often  occur  in  briefer  intervals,  and  must  happen  four  times  in  28  years.  Christmas-day  was  on  a  Sunday  in  1831,  1836,  1842,  and  in  this  year.  It  will  happen  on  a  Sunday  in  1859,  1864,  1870,  1881,  1887,  1892,  and  1898.  The  intervals  between  the  years  follow  the  order  of  numbers  5,6,  11,  6.  If  it  happen  in  leap-year,  or  the  year  succeeding  leap-year,  the  interval  will  be  six  years  ;  if  on  the  year  preceding  leap-year,  the  interval  will  be  five  years,  but  if,  as  in  1842,  it  happens  two  years  before  leap leapyear,  year, leapyear,  the  interval  will  be  11  years,  as  it  is  now.  •  COMMITTAL  OF  FIFTY-THREE  PERSONS  FOR  TRIAL.—  It  appears  that  a  dispute  has  been  long  contiuued  as  to  the  right  of  the  Menai  fishermen  to  take  oysters  out  of  certain  beds  in  the  Straits.  A  legal  opinion  having  been  obtained  in  favour  of  the  fishermen,  they  went  last  week  to  dredge  as  usual  in  the  river.  arrants  were  therefore  procured  against  the  whole  body,  fifty-three  in  number,  at  the  in instance  stance instance  of  Mr.  Jonathan  Russell,  to  whom  the  Bishop  of  Bangor  had  leased  the  fishery,  and  on  Tuesday  they  were  all  committed  for  trial  at  the  assizes  for  larcency  under  the  act  of  the  6th  and  7th  Geo.  IV.,  c.  29.  They  were,  however,  liberated  on  their  own  recognizances.—Carnarron  Herald.  PERSIA.—The  following  is  given  by  the  Bombay  Gazette  as  the  substance  of  a  private  Persian  letter,  dated  Ispahan,  September  20  :—All  Persia  is  thrown  into  a  state  of  suspense  and  anxiety  by  the  disappearance  of  his  majesty  the  King  of  Persia  from  Teheran,  with  30,000  cavalry,  1,000  pieces  of  cannon,  and  3,000  camels  loaded  with  ammunition.  We  are,  completely  at  a  loss  to  conjecture  the  object  of  the  expedition  or  the  place  of  its  destination.  Some  surmise  that  his  majesty  has  hastened  to  co-operate  with  Turkey  against  the  lawless  aggressions  of  Russia  ;  whilst  others,  with  better  reason,  are  of  a  - STYLE=superscript  different  opinion.  Persia's  uniting  with  Russia  in  the  present  crisis  would  at  once  excite  the  animosity  of  the  Sonnees  (as  all  the  Turks  belong  to  that  sect),  and  a  religious  war  might  be  the  upshot.  A  WARNING  ACCIDENT.—A  sad  accident  occurred  at  Milford  junction  on  Saturday  evening  last.  A  respectably  dressed  passenger,  whose  name  could  not  be  ascertained,  had  arrived  at.  Milford  from  Hull,  with  the  intention  of  pro proceeding  ceeding proceeding  to  the  south  by  the  Great  Northern  train  from  York.  When  this  came  up  the  unfortunate  man,  who  was  but  too  evidently  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  imprudently  attempted  to  get  into  the  train  while  it  was  in  motion.  In  ,  doing  this  he  slipped  between  the  platform  and  the  car carriages,  riages, carriages,  ten  of  which  passed  over  one  of  his  legs,  which  was  cut  off  just  below  the  knee  and  dreadfully  mangled.  The  sufferer  was  taken  up  in  a  state  of  insensibility  and  removed  to  the  station,  where  medical  assistance  was  procuild  as  so  3n  as  possible.  He  still  remains  at  Milford  in  a  very  Weak  and  precarious  state  from  the  excessive  hemorrhage  he  sus sustained.  tained. sustained.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.—In  addition  to  other  attrac attractions  tions attractions  of  his  establishment,  Mr.  Pablo  Fanque  has  engaged  for  the  present  week  Stoke's  American  Wonders,  Miss  Ella  and  the  Young  Leon.  We  had  last  evening  an  opportunity  of  witnessing  the  performances  of  those  artistes,  and  they  are  of  the  most  extraordinary  character,  combining  the  most  reckless  daring  with  artistic  merit  of  a  high  class.  Young  Leon  is  perhaps  one  of  the  most  daring  .  horsemen  we  have  seen  in  an  English  circus,  and  the  surprising  feats  which  be  performs  over  hurdles  and  through  fire  balloons  must  be  seen  to  ,be  appreciated.  Miss  Ella,  however,  is  an  •  artiste  of  a  different  class.  She  performs  the  most  astonishing  feats  with  a  grace  and  elegance,  which  make  them  appear  little  more  than  commonplace.  Last  evening  she  leaped  through  25  balloons  without  a  single  miss,  and  this  was  followed  immediately  after  by  leaping  over  five  banners  upwards  of  three  yards  wide  with  the  utmost  ease.  Those  who  have  not  yet  witnessed  the  extraordinary  performance  of  Miss  Ella  should  do  so  at  once.  We  have  never  seen  them  equalled  by  one  so  young.  The  programme  is  an  excellent  one,  Mr.  Pablo  Fanque's  company  is  a  talented  one,  and  richly  de deserving  serving deserving  of  the  support  which  they  are  receiving.  REWARDS  FOR  DISTINGUISHED  SERVICE.—We  have  no noticed  ticed noticed  with  great  satisfaction  that  the  exclusive  system  is  no  longer  followed,  by  which  officers  receiving  rewards  for  distinguished  were  selected  from  among  the  general  officers  only.  The  army  has  seen  with  great  satisfaction  that  Colonels  Lovell,  Colin  Campbell,  Cloete,  Markham,  and  Eyre  ;  Lieutenant-Colonels  Simmonds,  Michel,  and  Franks,  Major  Wright,  Ensign  Macdonald,  and  Quarter Quartermasters  masters Quartermasters  Murray  and  Edwards,  share  in  some  small  degree  the  rewards  which  were  so  long  conferred  on  generals  only,  with  two  solitary  exceptions.  It  is  undoubted  that  in  the  junior  grades  of  the  army  there  have  been,  and  are,  very  many  officers  who  most  highly  distinguished  themselves,  but  whose  services  hitherto  have  received  nothing  more  than  empty  praises,  and  sometimes  not  even  that.  There  are  distinguished  services  which  demand  reward  almost  as  much  as  those  performed  in  the  field  and  under  fire,  which  call  forth  the  energies  of  mind  and  body,  and  try  the  qualities  of  a  true  soldier  to  the  uttermost.  Major  Wright's  is  a  case  in  point;  and  few  will  deny  that  the  moral  and  physi physical  cal physical  courage  of  the  officer,  and  all  the  high  qualities  of  pre presence  sence presence  of  mind  and  cool,  collected,  controlling  commandin  danger  and  difficulty,  were  eminently  displayed  by  him  at  the  wreck  in  Simon's  Bay.  We  think  that,  while  the  decorations  of  the  Bath  are  most  properly  reserved  for  services  under  fire,  still  that  there  ought  to  be  means  for  rewarding  services  out  of  the  field;  and  such  means,  we  rejoice  to  observe,  are  now  at  hand,  and  at  last  are  rightly  conferred.—Naval  and  Ali Alitary  tary Alitary  Gazette."
