text
"which  he  is  said  to  has  ilisheci  from  the  fret  0  o  be  true,  Qnd  which  will  rl  by  the  eaqc  'icture  7  re  to  he  seen  in  :es,  making  sketches  of  Palmer's  house,  the  •ch-yard,  with  the  family  vault  of  the  (Jook  is  interred.  grave  bein  about  tl-  Palmer  family  vaul  .n  interesting  view  o  It  is  about  a  third  of  a  mile  distanl  a.  I  understand  that  some  of  the  ius  illustrated  papers  - STYLE=superscript  to-morrO  y,  from  what  is  known  at  present,  that  the  le  on  Wednesday  next.  Capfain  Hatton  Imo  highly  important  filets,  bearing  strongly  ie.  but  which  it  wodd  be  premature  to  It  may,  however,  be  stated  that  he  will,  bring  forward  an  entirely  fresh  body  of  Tiose  at  presen  It  probability  The  intimacy  between  the  Coronerand  Palmer  are  disclosed,  by  the  publication  of  the  letter  sent  to  the  former  by  Palmer,  and  is,  this  morning,  the  subject  of  general  conversation  ;  and  it  must  not  be  disguised  that  the  coroner  is  blamed  for  not  at  once  submitting  the  letter  to  the  jury,  in  Cook's  case.  I  understand  that  the  coroner's  refusal  to  attend  before  the  ma2istrates,  is  likely  to  lead  to  a  further  investigation.  The  coroner  open:y  admits  the  present  of  game!  LIVERPOOL  SCHOOL  FOR  THE  BLIND  The  annual  meeting  of  she  trustees  of  this  institution,  was  held  at  the  schools,  Hardman  -street,  at  eleven  o'clock,  yester yesterday  day yesterday  morning.  The  chair  was  taken  by  the  President,  William  Brown,  Esq.,  M.P.  The  treasurer,  Mr.  Thomas  Mills,  read  the  annual  report,  which  was  as  follows  :  IMPORT.  The  funds  of  the  1,  comparing  tho  past  with  the  previous  yea  £ll5O,  viz.  crease  in  the  former  amounting  to  1000  ;  from  chapel-wardens.  £150;  increase  in  1  £B6;  total,  £1319.  s,  £B3;  increase  of  subscription  _  of  ptipils,  £23  ;  donations,  making  a  clear  total  of  £1154.  The  expenditure  has  been  increased  by  the  amount  new  buildings,  which  is  at  riginal  estimate.  This  exe  iiich  could  not  have  been  c  r  the  old  premises,  having  y  before  he  got  pos;  Less  for  eoods  sold,  £35;  •  £l4  ;  sundries,  £53—£165,  ccount  of  the  mot  cent.  1  es!  rt  for  th  le  a  diff,renco  of  10  0  Al  was  considered  necessary,  which  cost  £6OO,  The  ceneral  expenses  of  the  school  have  been  reduced  ly  about  £250.  viz—Repairs,  furniture.  coils,  water,  and  gas  £93  ;  food,  £37.;  salaries,  £l7  ;  manufacturing  expenses  £100  . STYLE=superscript  :  total,  £247.  The  total  income  for  1855  is  £3,894;  expenditure,  (th  nelndes  balance  for  laq  year,  £570;  paid  on  account  of  ne  , STYLE=superscript  r,  _  _  _  _  it  show  a  profit  of  £7O,  is  sold,  not  yet  paid  £1209.  Stock,  Ist  Janua  5,  £203  1628  ;  a  £ll4O.  It  intli  school  is  41  male  o  schools  are  from  £2300  to  ount  is  closed,  except  lawyer's  The  report  was  nnanimou  , STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Harmood  Banner  m  :!eting  be  given  to  Mr.  ly  adopted.  oved  that  the  best  thanks  of  the  Tilliarn  Brown,  president,  for  his  •  the  institution.  If  he  were  dis disposed  posed disposed  to  enlarge  upon  the  question,  he  could  not  well  do;  so,  in  Mr.  Brown's  presence,  but  lie  felt  quite  certain  that  every  heart  and  hand  there,  would  respond  most  cordially  to  that  resolution,  for  he  did  not  know  that  they  ever  had  a  friend  who  had  so  signalised  himself  by  his  attentio  n  to  the  interests  of  the  institution,  and  not  alone  by  his  kind  and  liberal  support  of  that  charity,  but  for  his  uniform  and  extensive  benevolence.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Mill  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  by  acclamation.  ho  no  The  Chairman  begged  t  o  thank  th  e  meeting  for  the  ur  they  had  done  him,  and  Mr.  Banner  for  the  manner  in  which  be  had  spoken  of  him.  He  felt,  however,  that  he  was  a  very  unworthy  president,  for  he  never  was  able  to  attend  there  in  the  morning  —they  were  too  early  for  him.  Ho  thought  the  time  had  now  come  when  they  should  appoint  some  more  efficient  ichairman  than  he  was,  as  they  were  about  to  proceed  to  the'  election  of  a  president.  Thanks  were  moved  to  the  vice-presidents  by  the  Rev.  Mr:  111'1\raught  ;  to  the  treasurer  by  Mr.  Drinkwater  ;  to  the  chaplain,  Bev.  Mr.  Hull,  by  Mr.  Leister;  to  Dr.  M'Naught  and  Mr.  Minehin,  medical'  officers,  by  Rev.  Mr.  Hull  :  to  the  acting  chapel-warden,  Mr.  John  Smith,  by  Rev.  Mr.  Hull  ;  and  to  tho  donors  of  the  institutio  n  by  Mr.  Alderman  Bennett.  All  these  resolutions  were  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  James  •  Aiken  proposed  that  Mr.  William  elected  nresident.  Mr.  Banner  F('  Rev.  Mr.  Hul  connected  with  tl  Brown  be  been  i.enrly  40  ion,  and  be  never  knesi  a  who  gate  the  same  atte  (Hear,  bear.)  to  its  interests  as  Mr:Brown  The  motion  was  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  Hull  moved  that  the  vice-presidents,  Mr.  William  Earle,  Mr.  Grape  Green  Homily,  Rev.  Augustus  Campbell,  and  Mr.  Francis  Brougham,  be  re-elected.  The  motion  was  unanimously  adopted.  The  committee  and  the  several  officers  were  also  re-elected.  Mr.  Smith  read  a  brief  statement  of  the  financial  positi  on  from  which  it  appeared  that  there  was  a  balance  •^  1  that  no  money  was  due  by  the  chapel  at  of  £431  in  tite  close  of  the  y  A  vo'e  of  thanl  The  Gang  vivices  fro  ti"
