text
"dent  is  to  keep  the  members  in  good  order,  and  preserve  due  decorum  amongst  them  at  all  the  Society's  meetings-  He  is  to  see  the  room  furnished  with  all  things  necessary;  be  may  command  the  assistance  of  the  other  officers  or  any  of  the  members  present.  He  is  to  see  that  each  officer  per performs  forms performs  his  duty.  He  shall  see  that  all  moneys  are  paid  by  each  and  every  Collector,  and  shall  receive  the  same,  and  shall  be  liable  for  all  such  monies  received  by  him  anti:  handed  over  to  the  Treasurer.  He  shall  see  the  Secretary's  books  made  up  on  each  Thursday.  Ho  shall  fill  up  all  vacancies  that  may  occur  in  any  office  betwixt  the  Yearly  Meetings.  Should  he  neglect  to  discharge  the  duties  thereof,  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee  shall  be  required  to  fulfil  office  for  the  remainder  of  the  time  to  which  such  person  was  appointed,  for  which  services  ke  shall  be  paid  as  the  Committee  directs.  IV.  The  Secretary  shall  be  appointed,  or  removed  by  a  majority  of  the  members  present  at  any  yearly  meeting  of  the  Society,  duly  convened.  It  shall  be  his  duty  to  exa examine  mine examine  weekly  into  the  affairs  of  the  Society.  He  shall  attend  all  meetings;  keep  the  accounts  in  a  just  and  fair  manner,  and  on  all  occasions  give  the  committee  his  assistance.  Ho  shall  make  out  a  Half-yearly  Report  of  the  transactions  of  the  Society  in  the  months  of  June  and  December,  which  report  he  shall  submit  to  the  consideration  of  the  commit committee.  tee. committee.  He  shall  also  submit  all  reports  and  placards  to  the  committee  previous  to  their  being  printed.  Ile  shall  be  paid  a  fixed  salary,  the  amount  of  which  shall  be  determined  upon  by  the  cotemit  ee  of  the  said  Society,  who  shall  also  determine  upon  his  hours  of  attendance  each  day  of  the  week  (Sunday  excepted).  He  shall  not  absent  himself  during  his  hours  of  business  at  any  time,  without  the  consent  of  the  President.  V.  This  Society  shall  have  six  Collectors,  or  more,  but  not  exceeding  fifteen,  to  be  chosen  from  amongst  the  mem members.  bers. members.  Each  to  remain  in  office  so  long  as  his  conduct  is  satisfactory  to  the  committee.  For  his  services  he  shall  receive  twopence  per  shilling  for  collecting  ;  out  of  which  he  shall  find  his  own  bags,  pens,  ink,  paper,  &amp;c.  ;  and  the  Col Collectors'  lectors' Collectors'  book  shall  be  dated  at  the  top  of  each  column  when  he  shall  receive  such  payment.  When  any  Collector  shall  retire  from  his  office,  lie  shall  go  round  with  the  succeeding  or  new  Collector  to  each  subscriber  to  ascertain  how  they  stand  in  the  book,  for  which  he  shall  receive  one-halt  of  the  per  tentage  that  week,  the  other  half  to  go  to  the  new  Collector.  Should  the  retiring  Collector  refuse  to  go  round,  he  shall  he  expelled  the  Society.  Ile  shall  be  provided  with  a  book  at  the  Society's  expense,  in  which  book  shall  he  entered  all  the  mem members  bers members  he  collects  from,  with  the  name  of  the  street  and  th thnumber  number thnumber  of  the  door,  and  specifying  whether  a  halfpenny  mem member,  ber, member,  or  otherwise,  in  a  column  separate  for  that  purpose.  Should  any  Collectorneglect.his  duty  by  not  calling  at  the  house  of  each  and  every  member  at  least  once  a  fortnight,  (and  only  on  the  days  specified  i❑  these  rules.)  for  their  subscriptions,  or  do  not  inform  them  when  in  arrears,  or  shall  receive  any  moneys  from  any  member  above  eight  week's  in  arrears,  such  moneys  shall  not  be  legally  received  by  such  Collector,  nor  shall  the  member  paying  the  same  be  entitled  to  the  allowance  of  this  Society,  and  any  Collector  so  neglecting  his  duty  in  any  of  the  cases  before  mentioned,  shall,  on  satisfactory  proof  being  made  to  the  committee  of  this  Society,  he  fined  as  the  table  annexed  to  these  rules  directs.  Each  Collector  of  this  Society  shall  also  give  security  for  the  just  fulfillment  of  his  duty  as  the  committee  shall  from  time  to  time  think  proper.  VI.  A  Committee  shall  be  appointed,  to  consist  of  twelve  men menhers,  hers, menhers,  one  half  of  whom  shall  be  ballotted  for  on  each  yearly  night.  The  manner  of  electing  the  Committe  shall  be  as  follows  :  —Any  number  of  members  present  at  the  meeting  may  be  nominated  to  fill  the  office  of  committee-men;  each  person's  name  so  nominated  shall  be  written  on  a  slip  of  paper  and  put  into  a  hat,  from  which  six  names  shall  be  drawn,  and  the  persons  so  ballotted  shall  fill  the  office  two  years.  It  shall  be  the  duty  and  power  of  the  Committee  to  hear  and  determine  all  disputed  fines,  and  decide  upon  all  such  matters  and  things  as  may  be  referred  to  them,  and  in  all  cases  their  decision  shall  he  final,  if  agreeable  to  the  bile  purport  and  meaning  of  these  rules.  The  Committee  shall  select  three  from  amongst  themselves,  who,  with  the  President,  Secretary,  and  Sub•  Treasurer,  shall  form  a  Sub-Committee,  which  shall  meet  once  a  month,  to  examine  the  books,  and  look  into  the  affairs  of  the  Society.  Such  Sub-Committee  shall  also  examine  into  any  complaints  made  against  the  collectors,  and  report  to  the  General  Com Committee  mittee Committee  at  its  next  meeting.  If  any  Collector  shall  be  suspended  by  the  General  Committee  for  any  cause,  except  dishonesty,  lie  shall  have  the  right  of  appeal  to  .the  next  Yearly  or  Special  General  Meeting.  The  officers  to  call  such  Special  General  Me6ting  in  fourteen  days  after  being  requested  by  the  Collector  in  question  so  to  do.  A  Chairman  of  the  Committee  shall  be  appointed  in  December.  No  expenses  to  be  incurred,  and  no  moneys  (except  funeral  money),  to  be  paid  out  of  the  funds  of  the  Society,  unless  by  order  of  the  Committee,  The  Pre President  sident President  shall  be  one  of  the  Committee  by  right  of  office.  The  General  Committee  shall  meet  at  least  once  in  every  three  months  VII.  The  President  and  other  officers  shall  deliver  up  the  box,  moneys,  books  of  accounts,  and  all  other  papers  and  writings  relating  to  the  affairs  of  this  Society  on  the  night  their  office  shall  expire;  and  shall  make  up  all  deficiencies  arising  from  fraud,  embezzlement,  or  wiltul  neglect,  committed  on  their  part,  or  shall  be  expelled,  and  otherwise  proceeded  against  as  the  law  may  direct.  VIII.  There  shall  be  three  books  kept,  viz.,  one  i❑  which  shall  be  entered  the  receipts  and  expenditure  of  the  Society.  A  second,  in  which  shall  be  recorded  all  minutes  and  transac transactions  tions transactions  of  the  Society,  to  which  every  member  shall  have  free  access,  on  every  reasonable  request  ;  and  a  third  for  the  purpose  of  transferring  the  amount  specified  at  the  bottom  of  each  column  in  each  of  the  Collector's  books  ;  and  the  majority  of  members  present  at  any  Yearly  Meeting  may  appoint  two  Auditors,  who  shall  examine  the  books  of  the  Society  and  reprt  thereon  IX.  That  for  the  regular  despatch  of  business,  the  Presi President,  dent, President,  Secretary,  and  Collectors,  shall  attend  by  ten  o'clock,  on  every  Thursday  morning,  or  be  fined  as  specified  in  the  table.  X.  Persons  becoming  members  of  this  Society  shall  pay  according  to  the  following  scales  of  entrance  money  and  sub subscriptions  scriptions subscriptions  :  ENTRANCE  MONEYS.  WEEKLY  SUBSCRIPTIONS.  Under  35  years  of  Age  ..  Os  Id  Under  45  years  of  Ago  ...ld  From  35  to  45  „  Os  21  From  45  to  50  „  45  to  .50  „  ...Os  4d  50  to  55  „  ...3d  „  50  to  55  „  Os  6d  ~,,  55  to  65  „  ..6d  55  to  65  „  ls  Od  And,  at  death,  if  such  child  be  a  member  under  ten  years  of  age,  and  shall  have  been  a  member  of  this  Society  for  twenty twentysix  six twentysix  full  weeks  from  the  date  of  entrance,  the  undertaker  or  person  by  whom  the  burial  of  such  child  shall  be  conducted,  shall  he  entitled  to  the  actual  fnneral  expenses,  not  exceeding  the  sum  of  £1  10s,  and  if  such  child  shall  have  been  a  member  for  fifty•two  full  weeks  from  the  date  of  entrance,  then  such  undertaker  or  peron  shall  be  entitled  to  the  actual  funeral  expenses,  not  exceeding  the  sum  of  £3.  The  representatives  of  all  other  members,  except  half-penny  members  of  the  Society,  above  ten  years  of  age  shall  be  entitled  at  the  death  d  of  such  memb  er  t  o  £2  10  s,  in  twenty-six  full  weeks  from  the  date  of  entrance  of  suc  h  mem  b  er,  and  to  £5  i  n  fifty-two  full  weeks  from  the  date  of  entrance  of  such  member.  The  representatives  of  all  old  members  who  have  paying  a  half-penny  per  week,  shall  be  eutitled  at  death  to  £2  108.  Should  any  of  the  present  old  members  of  the  Society,  above  ten  years  of  age,  change  from  a  half  penny  to  a  penny  member.  ho  or  she  shall  be  twenty  six  full  weeks  from  the  date  of  'such  change  before  they  shall  become  entitled  to  the  benefits  of  a  penny  member.  Any  member  from  10  to  45  years  of  age,  on  paying  double  subscriptions,  shall  be  entitled  to  double  benefits  at  death.  If  at  any  time  the  funds  of  the  Society  shall  be  reduced  to  £3,000  a  deduction  of  five  per  cent  shall  be  made  from  all  funeral  moneys,  and  if  the  funds  shall  be  reduced  to  £2,000  then  a  deduction  of  ton  per  cent  shall  be  made  from  all  funeral  monies  payable  by  the  Society.  If  a  collector  enter  any  person  a  member  of  this  Society,  knowing  such  person  to  have  any  disease  upon  him  or  her,  or  any  person  above  the  age  of  sixty-five  years,  such  collector  shall  be  fined  2s.  6d.,  and  the  person  so  entered  shall  be  excluded.  No  money  to  be  paid  at  death  without  the  certificate  required  by  13  and  14  Victoria,  e.  115,  - STYLE=superscript  sec.  3.  XI.  That  six  Trustees  shall  be  appointed,  of  whom  the  President,  Sub-Treasurer,  and  Secretary  for  the  time  being  shall  be  three,  and  the  other  three  may  or  may  not  bo  mem members  bers members  of  the  Society;  and  the  Trustees  shall,  with  the  consent  of  the  Committee  testified  in  writing,  invest  the  funds  of  the  Society  either  on  mortgage  of  freehold  property  in  England,  or  in  the  funds,  or  other  government  securities,  or  with  the  Commissioners  for  the  Reduction  of  the  National  Debt  ;  and  immediately  after  the  investment  of  any  sum  of  money,  the  Treasurer  shall  at  the  following  meeting  report  the  transaction  through  the  medium  of  the  Secretary,  when  the  same  shall  be  duly  entered  in  the  Secretary's  books;  and  with  a  view  to  meet  the  just  claims  of  the  Society,  a  majority  of  the  Committee  may  direct  the  Trustees  to  call  in  such  part  of  the  Society's  moneys  as  may  be  necessary,  and  thereupon  the  President,  Secretary,  and  two  other  officers,  shall  sign  a  requisition  agreeable  to  the  form  at  the  end  of  these  rules.  And  every  receipt  of  the  Trustees  or  Trustee  for  the  time  being  of  this  Society  shall  from  time  to  time  be  a  good  and  sufficient  discharge  to  all  persons  whomsoever  paying  any  moneys  to  the  said  Trustees  or  Trustee,  for  so  much  as  in  such  receipt  shall  be  expressed  to  be  received,  and  all  persons  whomsoever  taking  such  receipt  as  aforesaid,  shall  not  be  afterwards  answerable  or  accountable  for  any  loss,  misap_  plication,  or  n  , STYLE=superscript  n-application  of  the  money  therein  expressed  to  be,  or  to  have  been,  received,  nor  shall  any  person  or  persons  paying  such  money,  be  obliged  or  expected  to  inquire  into  the  necessity,  propriety,  or  regularity  of  any  lease,  sale,  re-convey re-conveyance,  ance, re-conveyance,  or  mortgage,  nor  whether  the  person  or  persons  giving  such  receipt,  was  or  were,  at  the  time  of  giving  the  same,  the  Trustees  or  Trustee  duly  appointed  in  pursuance  of  these  rules.  That  in  case  cf  any  alteration  in  the  place  of  Meeting,  or  dissolution  of  this  Society,  notice  shall  be  sent  to  the  Registrar  of  Friendly  '  °defies  in  England,  seven  days  before  or  afier  such  remoral  or  dissolution,  signed  by  the  Secretary  or  other  principal  othcer,  and  also  by  three  or  more  of  the  Members  of  the  said  Society.  XII.  Any  member  being  six  payments  in  arrears  shall  be  h  ie  oatr  C  ldd  t STYLE=superscript  o  h STYLE=superscript  t  l  ia  :l  en  e  y  c  tor  enter  the  suspended,  and  receive  no  benefit  until  four  weeks  after  the  l  time  such  arrears  shall  be  reduced  under  that  amount;  and  if  n STYLE=superscript  to  n STYLE=superscript  c  r STYLE=superscript  a  r STYLE=superscript  l  e STYLE=superscript  l  a STYLE=superscript  ons  shall  m  be STYLE=superscript  e  exclud  ed. STYLE=superscript  member  for  two  weeks,  such  any  C  ei  o  g  l  h  le  t  c  p  t  aj  o  r  n  e  eg  n  l  t  e  s  et  i  their  subscriptions  to  th  member  get  samee  se  q  t STYLE=superscript  :  e  n  e  t STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  t:  but  pay  the  same  to  the  Col  ms  m  eo  e  cii  rn  r  e  h  t  sa  e  ,r  yd,they  shallap  pay  y  ll STYLE=superscript  on  ti  immediatelytme  mbersheir  Csradlls  make,  hseeoarl  knownts  ht  intoarrears  eurseeowf.  he  Nrao  a  t  n  imi  dee  society  expelled,cbieertsyis  hshalle  lbtdiri,ienyg  lector,  between  the  hours  of  Ten  o'Clock  on  Saturday  morn"
