text
".tip  of  Walter  Palmer  presentation  not  being  satisfactory,  Mr.  Farren  resolved  not  to  recommend  the  life  for  acceptance  to  his  board,  unless  upon  certain  conditions,  and  after  a  satis-  factory  medical  examination.  An  appointment  was  made  for  Walter  Palmer,  in  London,  and  he  attended  with  his  brother.  Mr.  Alfred  Smee,  the  medical  officer  of  the  Society,  then  carefully  examined  Walter  Palmer,  and  reported  that  he  could  not  detect  any  traces  of  organic  disease.  Mr.  Farren  inquired  of  Walter  what  his  inten intentions  tions intentions  were,  and  whether  he  really  meant  to  abandon  his  habits  of  intemperance,  and  lead  a  new  life  ?  Walter  Palmer,  who  appeared  to  be  in  low  spirits,  said  that  such  was  his  desire,  but  that  drink  was  always  ready  -for  and  that  he  conid  not  resist  the  temptation.  He  also  added  that  he  was  very  unhappy,  and  that  his  brother  would  not  allow  him  any  money  unless  he  insured  his  life.  Mr.  Farren  told  him  that  he  had  no  organic  disease,  and  that  if  the  office  was  convinced  that  William  Palmer  sincerely  desired  ;to  protect  his  brother  from  the  influences  which  appeared  to  surround  him,  and  that  if  he  were  placed  in  a  comfortable  home,  where  his  habits  would  be  under  some  control,  they  would  not  object  to  insure  his  life,  on  the  condition  that  they  were  not  to  pay  if  he  died  within  five  years  from  the  The  office  made  this  condition,  completion  of  the  policy,  feeling  assured,  from  the  medical  examination  of  Mr.  Smee,  that  if  Walter  Palmer  resisted  the  temptation  of  drink  for  five  years,  his  natural  constitution  was  so  sound  and  good  that  his  life  might  then  be  fairly  insuraVe.  William  Palmer  demurred  to  these  terms,  and  asked  whether  the  life  would  not  be  accepted  upon  some  more  favourable  conditions,  urging  that  his  brother's  life,  now  that  he  was  reformed,  was  as  good  a  life  as  could  be  found.  Mr.  Farren  said  that  if  that  were  so,  and  that  Mr.  William  Palmer  was  really  going  to  take  care  of  his  brother,  and  had  such  an  excelleat  opinion  of  his  life,  he  could  not  reasonably  object  to  be  his  own  insurer  for  five  years.  William  Palmer's  reply  was,  That  would  not  suit  my  book  at  Both  brothers  then  left  the  offic:?,  and  in  a  few  days  afterwards  (less  than  a  week)  Walter  Palmer  died.  THE  TRANSACTIONS  WITH  MR.  PRATT.-It  will  be  re remembered  membered remembered  that  the  inquest  on  Walter  Palmer  stands  adjourned  to  Wednesday,  in  order  that  besides  Dr.  Taylor  and  others,  Mr.  Pratt,  of  May  Fair,  the  solicitor,  may  be  produced  as  witnesses.  It  is  stated  that  Mr.  Pratt  disclaims  all  knowledge  of  the  extent  of  William  Palmer's  insurance  transactions.  He  states  that  he  was  introduced  to  Palmer  two  years  ago  by  a  per person  son person  named  Holmes;  and  that,  as  he  did  not  altogether  like  the  introduction,  he  declined  to  have  anything  to  do  with  his  new  client  until  he  had  given  him  an  account  of  who  and  what  he  was.  Palmer  described  himself  as  a  surgeon,  residing  at  Rugeley•  with  large  expectations  from  his  mother,  to  whom  his  father  had  :eft  all  his  pr  o  p  erty  ,  an  d  i  n  want  of  money  for  present  emergencies.  Upon  this  representation  Mr.  Pratt  states  that  he  was  induced  to  get  him  loans  of  money  from  some  of  his  clients—the  loans  being  principally  secured  upon  bills  of  exchange,  drawn  upon,  and  accepted  by,  Mrs.  Palmer,  and  upon  the  deposit  of  conveyances  of  land,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Rugeley,  which  Palmer  had  purchased.  A  large  proportion  of  the  advances  made  by  Pratt  were  for  the  purchase  of  race  horses,  Palmer  having  paid  for  Nettle  and  The  Chicken  upwards  of  £3,000.  The  bills  drawn  upon  Mrs.  Palmer  were  for  large  sums  —some  of  them  £2,000  and  £1,300;  and  they  were  renewed  from  time  to  time,  Palmer  sending  up  a  portion  of  the  amount  on  account,  and  new  bills  for  the  balance.  The  whole  amount  of  the  advances  made  by  Mr.  Pratt's  clients  amount  to  £11,200;  and  of  this  sum  be  states  upwards  of  £B,OOO  was  in  cash.  In  some  instances  Mr.  Pratt  threatened  Mrs.  Palmer  with  law  proceedings,  and  actually  sent  down  writs  to  he  served  up,,n  her;  lint  the  letters  were  all  stopped  in  the  Post-office;  and  he  declares  that  he  never  could  to  Mr  rt  reply  to  any  of  ner  except  through  -  and  tha  it  down  to  Rugeley  to  see  Mrs.  Palmer,  she  Wa  represented  as  too  ill  to  be  seen,  and  that  he  was  compelled  to  return  to  London  without  the  satisfaction  of  an  interview.  Mr.  Pratt  further  states,  in  his  own  justification,  and  as  a  reason  for  his  applications  to  have  insurances  effected  on  the  life  of  'Walter  Palmer,  subsequently  to  the  issue  of  the  Prince  of  Wales'  policy  for  £13.000,  that  William  Palmer  repeatedly  assured  him  that  the  first  policy  was  not  sufficient  to  cover  the  advances  made  by  his  mother  and  himself  to  Walter  Palmer,  and  that  it  would  be  absolutely  necessary  to  have  another  insurance  effected  to  cover  family  advances.  The  only  con consideration,  sideration, consideration,  however,  which  William  Palmer  himself  admits  to  have  passed  between  himself  and  'Walter,  for  the  assign assignment  ment assignment  to  the  former  of  the  Prince  of  Wales'  policy,  was  £  400,  and  even  this  sum  appears  to  have  been  considerably  in  excess  of  the  actual  debt  duo  by  Walter  Palmer  at  the  time  of  his  dea:h.  Mrs.  Palmer  allowed  Walter  a  stipend  of  £2  per  week,  which  seems  to  have  been  paid  to  him  principally  by  William  Palmer.  It  should  also  be  observed,  that  Mr.  Pratt  stases  that  he  refused  to  negotiate  the  policy  at  the  Prince  of  Wales  office,  until  he  had  proof  of  the  advances  made  by  William  Palmer,  and  that  when  the  latter  instructed  him  to  ge:  a  further  insurance  effected  upon  Walter's  life,  he  offered  it,in  the  first  instance,  to  the  Prince  of  Wales  office,  who  declined  to  increase  their  risk.  Mr.  Pratt  also  adds,  that  be  never  saw  Bates  in  his  life,  and  that  he  withdrew  the  proposal  he  had  made  to  the  Solicitors'  and  General  Office,  for  assuring  the  life  of  that  individual  for  £25,000,  whin  he  found  that  Palmer  could  not  satisfy  him  of  his  position  in  life.  Mr.  Pratt  expresses  his  perfect  willingness  to  state  every  circurn circurnstare°  stare° circurnstare°  within  his  knowledge,  tending  to  throw  light  upon  the  inq  airy,  r  URTHER  PARTICULA  RS.—WalkedPn,  the  principal  witness  who  spok  e  t  o  the  state  of  health  of  Walter  Palmer  for  the  appointedweekbefoarned  paid  byWilliam  Palmer  to  live  with  his  brother  ,  decease,  a  pp  e  ars  to  have  been  a  k  eeper  and  supply  him  with  immense  quantities  of  ardent  spirits.  H  e  '  was  formerly  Walter  P  a  l  mer  a  publican  in  Stafford,  and"
