text
"TOWN  COUNCIL.-YE  STERDAY.  The  first  meeting  of  the  newly-elected  Council  took  place  at  twelve  o'clock  on  yesterday,  the  MAYOR  in  the  chair.  There  was  a  very  full  attendance  of  members.  ELECTION  OF  MAYOR.  The  MAYOR  said  :  Gentlemen,  as  there  are  no  proceedings  of  any  previous  committee  to  be  read,  the  first  business  of  the  Council  is  to  elect  the  Mayor  for  thennsuing'  municipal  year.  I  am,  therefore,  prepared  to  receive  any  proposition  which  may  be  laid  before  us.  Mr.  Charles  TURNER  said  I  have  been  requested,  Mr.  Mayor,  to  propose  a  gentleman  as  your  successor,  in  the  high  and  important  office  to  which  you  were  unanimously  elected  last  year,  and  the  duties  of  which  you  have  dis discharged  charged discharged  with  so  much  credit  to  yourself,  and  in  a  manner  so  acceptable  to  the  Council  and  beneficial  to  the  public.  (Hear,  hear).  I  will  not,  Mr.  Mayor,  in  your  presence  expatiate  upon  the  manner  in  which  you  have  performed  those  duties,  farther  than  to  say  that  whether  in  dispensing  the  hospitalities  of  the  corporation,  presiding  over  our  deliberations  in  this  chamber,  or  administering  justice  upon  the  bench,  you  have  maintained,  or  I  should  rather  say  increased  the  very  high  opinion  previously  entertained  of  you  by  your  fellow-townsmen,  and  that  you  leave  this  chair  with  the  respect  and  esteem  of  the  whole  of  this  great  community.  (Hearn  hear,  and  applause).  In  proposing  your  successor,  sir,  it  is  most  agreeable  to  me  to  be  enabled  to  name  a  gentleman  who,  eminently  qualified  for  the  office,  will,  I  venture  to  anticipate,  be  acceptable  to  the  Council  and  to  the  town.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  Lloyd  is  so  well  known  and  so  universally  esteemed  that  I.  feel  I  need  not  say  any-'  thing  to  recommend  him  in  this  room  to  gentlemen  with  whom  he  has  so  long  acted  in  the  service  of  the  public.  The  great  good  sense  and  discrimination  evinced  by  Mr.  Lloyd  upon  all  occasions,  and  the  consideration  for  the  feelings  of  others  with  which  he  always  expresses  his  opinions,  render  him  a  most  valuable  member  of  the  Council,  and  I  think  especially  qualify  him  for  the  duties  of  the  chair,  to  the  honour  and  dignity  of  which  his  services  well  entitle  him.  (Hear,  hear).  And,  sir,  I  think  it  is  especially  fitting  upon  the  present  occasion  that  we  should  raise  Mr.  Lloyd  to  that  honour,  inasmnch  as  next  year  willprobably  witness  the  com completion  pletion completion  of  St.  George's  Hall,  a  building  of  which  Liverpool  has  reason  to  be  proud,  and  over  the  erection  of  wh  ic  h  M  r  .  Lloyd,  as  chairman  of  the  committee,  to  whom  the  duty  was  entrusted,  has  watched  with  unwearied  zeal  and  assiduity,  and  with  which  his  name  is  in  a  great  measure  identified.  Believing,  sir,  that  he  deserves  that  distinction  at  our  hands,  and  that  he  is  eminently  qualified  to  maintain  the  dignity  of  the  office  and  discharge  its  duties  with  efficiency,  I  have  great  pleasure  in  nominating  Mr.  Lloyd  as  Mayor  for  the  ensuing  year.  (Applause).  Mr.  HORNBY  said  he  had  great  pleasure  in  seconding  the  motion,  that  Mr.  John  Buck  Lloyd  be  nominated  as  Mayor  for  the  ensuing  year,  and  he  was  quite  sure  that  the  Council  could  not  elect  a  gentleman  better  qualified  to  become  a  worthy  successor  to  their  present  chairman,  or  one  who  would  be  more  likely  to  make  them  feel  less  sensitive  as  to  the  loss  they  were  about  to  experience  in  being  deprived  of  that  gentleman's  services.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Lloyd  had  been  now  for  a  great  number  of  years  actively  engaged  in  dis discharging  charging discharging  the  affairs  of  the  Corporation,  and  the  intelligence  and  urbanity  which  he  always  displayed  gave  them,  he  thought,  a  firm  assurance  that  he  would  preside  over  the  deliberations  of  the  Council,  and  discharge  the  various  im important  portant important  duties  incident  to  the  office,  in  a  manner  which  would  not  only  be  satisfactory  to  themselves,  but  eminently  to  the  advantage  of  the  great  and  important  community  over  which  he  would  preside,  and  the  interests  of  which  it  was  their  first  duty  to  promote.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  believed  an  unanimous  feeling  existed  in  the  Council  upon  the  subject;  and  when  every  member  of  the  Council  was  as  well  satisfied  of  Mr.  Lloyd's  merits  as  he  was,  he  thought  it  would  be  trespassing  most  unjustifiably  upon  their  time  if  he  were  to  do  more  than  express  his  entire  approval  of  the  motion  which  Mr.  Turner  had  proposed,  and  his  hearty  concurrence  in  all  which  that  gentleman  had  said  upon  the  subject.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  CHAIRMAN  asked  if  any  other  gentleman  intended  to  propose  a  candidate,  and  no  reply  being  given,  said  :  Then  I  declare  Mr.  John  Buck  Lloyd  duly  elected  to  serve  the  office  of  Mayor  of  Liverpool  for  the  ensuing  municipal  year.  (Applause.)  Mr.  LLOYD  then  entered  the  room,  and  was  warmly  con congratulated.  gratulated. congratulated.  Having  taken  the  usual  oaths,  Mr.  Lloyd  was  then  installed  in  the  chair  by  Mr.  Holme,  who  expressed  his  gratification  at  the  result  of  the  election,  and  wished  Mr.  Lloyd  health  and  happiness.  The  MAYOR  then  rose  and  said  :  Gentlemen,  permit  me  to  offer  you  my  sin  cere  an  d  gra  t  e  f  u  l  acknowledgments  for  the  very  high  distinction  you  have  conferred  upon  me  by  electing  me  Mayor  of  this  great  and  important  community.  I  will  invite  you  to  aid  and  assist  me  by  y  our  countenance  and  support  in  maintaining  the  authority  of  this  chair  ;  pos possessing  sessing possessing  'which  support,  I  can  assure  you  that,  as  far  as  lies  in  my  power,  that  authority  shall  be  exercised  with  the  most  perfect  impartiality,  and  in  the  manner  most  conducive  to  the  interests  of  the  inhabitants  and  the  dignity  of  the  Coun Council.  cil. Council.  (Applause.)  Gentlemen,  before  we  proceed  to  the  business  of  the  day,  it  is  my  pleasing  duty  to  remind  you  of  a  good  and  ancient  custom.  On  Sunday  next,  I  shall  pro proceed  ceed proceed  to  St.  Peter's  Church,  and  I  shall  feel  it  as  a  compli compliment  ment compliment  to  myself  if  you,  or  as  many  of  you  as  can  ilud  it  con convenient,  venient, convenient,  will  honour  me  with  your  attendance  there.  (Loud  applause.)  ELECTION  OF  ALIMILICXN.  The  MAYOR  said  :  The  business,  gentlemen,  to  which  I  have  first  to  call  your  attention,  is  the  election  of  eight  per persons  sons persons  as  aldermen  to  supply  the  places  of  the  following  gentlemen  :—Mr.  Thomas  Bold,  Mr.  James  Parker,  Mr.  Joseph  Cooper,  Mr.  John  Nelson  Wood,  Mr.  James  Procter,  Mr.  John  Bramley-Moore,  Mr.  Edmund  Molyneux,  Mr.  Thomas  Chilton.  Before  we  proceed  to  the  election,  I  should  mention  that  I  have  received  a  letter  from  Mr.  Nelson.  Wood,  expressing  his  regret  that  his  avocations  will  not  permit  him  to  place  himself  in  a  position  to  be  again  elected  as  alderman.  The  members  present  then  proceeded  to  write  a  list  of  the  gentlemen  for  whom  they  voted  as  aldermen.  The  follow following  ing following  are  the  votes  :  lir.  WOODRUFF  :  For  Messrs.  Samuel  Holme,  Edmund  Molyneux,  James  Parker,  Joseph  Cooper,  Thomas  Toulmin,  R.  Gardner,  Bromley-  Moore,  and  Hornby.  Mr.  LA.NGDALE  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Gardner,  Moly Molyneux,  neux, Molyneux,  and  John  Stuart.  Mr.  Bioxwrrx  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Cooper,  Molyneux,  Gardner,  Parker,  Thomas  Bold,  and  Bramley-Moore.  Mr.  Pic-row  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Hohne,  Bramley-*oore,  Gardner,  Molyneux,  Parker,  George  Holt,  Toulmin,  and  J.  B.  Lloyd.  Mr.  CLn.rr:  For  Messrs.  Bold,  Parker,  Cooper,  S.  Holme,  Molyneux,  Bramley-Moore,  Gardner,'  and  Chilton.  .  Mr.  GARDNER::  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Molyneux,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  Procter,  Toulmin,  and  Bold.  Mr.  GODFREY  :  For  Messrs.  Bold,  S.  Holme,  Parker,  Cooper,  Gardner,  Molyneux,  Toulmin,  and  Procter.  Mr.  PRESTON  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Bramley-Moore,  Gardner,  Parker,  Molyneux,  Cooper,  and•Procter.  Mr.  Moss  :  For  Messrs.  Molt,  S.  Holme,  Robertson  Glad Gladstone,  stone, Gladstone,  Gardner,  Toulmin,  and  James  . STYLE=superscript  Holme.  Mr.  LrrrLEDALE  :  For  Messrs.  Molyneux,  Bold,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  Chilton,  S.  Holme,  and  Toulmin.  Mr.  JAMES  HOLME  :  For  Messrs.  Cooper,  Parker,  Moly Molyneux,  neux, Molyneux,  Bold,  Bramley-Moore,  S.  Holme,  Toulmin,  and  Chilton.  Mr.  HOLT:  For  Messrs.  S.  Holt,  Bramley-Moore,  Chilton,  Lloyd,  Robertson  Gladstone,  Parker,  Cooper,  and  Tobin.  Mr.  JOHNSON  :  For  Messrs.  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  Molyneux,  Gardner,  S.  Holme,  John  Stewart,  and  Holt,  Mr.  HODSON  :  For  Messrs.  Bramley-Moore,  S.  Holme,  Molyneux,  Toulmin,  Gardner,  Parker,  Cooper,  and  Procter.  Mr.  W.  P.  JEFFREYS  :  For  Messrs.  Holme,  Molyneux,  Parker,  Cooper,  Toulmin,  Gardner,  Bramley-Moore,  and  Bold.  Mr.  H.  BANNER  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Parker,  Cooper,  Stewart,  Bramley-Moore,  Molyneux,  Chilton,  and  Holt.  Mr.  HonsFALL  :  For  Messrs.  Bold,  Chilton,  Toulmin,  S.  Holme,  Cooper.  Bramley-Moore,  Molyneux,  and  Parker.  Mr.  LAWRENCE  :  For  Messrs.  Molyneux,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  S.  Holme,  Bold,  Toulmin,  and  Gardner.  Mr.  BENNETT  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Parker,  Cooper,  Molyneux,  Bramley-Moore,  Gardner,  Toulmin,  and  Bold.  Mr.  TOULMIN  :  For  Messrs.  Bramley-Moore,  S.  Holme,  Bold,  Parker,  Cooper,  Molyneux,  Gardner,  and  Fernihough.  Mr.  SHAND  :  For  Messrs.  Bold,  Parker,  Cooper,  S.  Holme,  Molyneux,  Brumlev-Moore,  Chilton,  and  Toulmin.  Mr.  Mc  GUITIE  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Bramley-Moore,  Bold,  Holt,  Robertson  Gladstone,  Procter,  Gardner,  and  Hornby.  Mr.  ROYDEN  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Molyneux,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  Chilton,  Boid,  and  Toulmm.  Mr.  TYRER  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Molyneux,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bold,  Bramley-Moore,  Gardner,  Toulmin,  and  Chilton.  Mr.  Nicola,  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Molyneux,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  Gardner,  Toulmin,  and  Bold.  Mr.  TIENDERSON  :  For  Messrs.  Parker,  Bold,  Molyneux,  S.  Holme,  Chilton,  Gardner,  Toulmin,  and  Cooper.  Mr.  GREGSON  :  For  Messrs.  Molyneux,  Bramley-Moore,  Parker,  Cooper,  Chilton,  Bold,  S.  Holme,  and  Stewart.  Mr.  DOVER  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Bold,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  Molyneux,  Toulmin,  and  Gardner.  Mr.  THomsoN  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Toulmin,  Cooper,  Parker,  Gardner,  Molyneux,  Proctor,  and  Tobin.  Mr.  TOBIN  :  For  Messrs.  Molyneux,  Bold,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  Chilton,  S.  Holme,  and  Toulmin.  Mr.  NICHOLSON  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Bold,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  Gardner,  Molyneux,  and  Toulrain.  Mr.  ROBINSON  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  Molyneux,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bold,  Toulmin,  Gardner,  and  Braniley-  Moore.  Mr.  CHARLES  TURNER  :  For  Messrs.  Parker,  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  S.  Holme,  Toulmin,  Molyneux,  Bold,  and  Chilton.  Mr.  FERNIHOUGH  :  For  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  and  Bramley-  Moore.  Mr.  WAGSTAFF  :  For  Messrs.  Cooper,  Parker,  Bold,  Molyneux,  S.  Holme,  Toulmin,  Bramley-Moore,  and  Gardner.  Mr.  HOLDEN  :  For  Messrs.  Bold,  Parker,  Cooper,  S.  Holme,  Molyneux,  Bramley-Moore,  Gardner,  and  Toulmin.  Mr.  JOHN  GLADSTONE  :  For  Messrs.  Cooper,  Parker,  Bold,  Molyneux,  S.  Holme,  Toulmin,  Chilton,  and  Gardner.  Mr.  S.  HoLmE  :  For  Messrs.  Molyneux,  Bramley-  Moore,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bold,  Toulmin,  Chilton,  and  Gardner.  Mr.  lIALHEn  :  For  Messrs.  Bold,  S.  Ilolme,  Parker,  Cooper,  Bramley-Moore,  Molyneux,  Chilton,  and  Gardner.  Mr.  FLEMING  For  Messrs.  Molyneux,  Cooper,  S."
