text
"A  few  casks  of  Pearls  sold  at  47s  250  tons,  to  arrive  at  this  port,  at  X  5  5s  SIIUMAC  :  Large  arrivals  of  Sicily,  but  holders  firm  at  lls  91  to  I2s  3d  for  finest  qualities;  123  refused  for  300  bags  S.D.P.'s  ex  quay.  NITRATE  or  SODA  :  30  tons  at  under  17s  6d.  WAX  :  No  less  then  7*  tons,  or  GO  cases  an  d  b  r  i  g  o  f  American  yellow,  sold  at  £7  ;  also,  a  few  cases  of  white,  price  not  mentioned.  TARTARS  :  A  few  casks  of  good  greyish  pinks  sold  at  965.  RAPE  OIL  :  Best  pale,  61s;  dubious  makes,  60s.  SUGAR  OP  LEAD  :  Brown  is  DOW  33S  6d;  white  unchanged.  SPIRITS  or  TURPENTINE:  20  barrels  American,  at  360  and  some  French  at  a  considerably  lower  price.  Rom  :  No  transactions.  LOGWOOD  :  Small  sales  at  previous  rates  SAL  AMMONIAC  in  fair  demand,  les  at  38s;  2nds,  365.  TARTARIC  ACID  :  Seyeral  buyers  at  is  4d.  CONCENTRATED  LEMON  JUICE  :  About  a  dozen  pipes  for  London  delivery  at  1  1-16  d,  retailing  very  slowly  here  at  10.  MANGANESE  :  20  tons  brought  953  for  61  per  cent.  LINSEED  OIL  :  100  tuns  sold  at  442  103  to  £43  ICE:  there  being  a  large  demand  for  export.  £44  is  now  the  figure.  OLIVE  OIL  :  About  10  tuns  sold  at  previous  rates.  PALM  OIL  keeps  very  dull,  and  £4O  would  purchase  quantity.  LARD  :  Small  sales  of  American  at  68s  61  to  695.  TALLOW:  Dull  at  67s  6J  to  68s.  Deliveries  last  week,  1,040  casks.  ROMAN  VITRIOL  :  Steady  at  36s  6d.  OXALIC  ACID  is  in  good  request  at  Is  £  5 STYLE=superscript  78  6d  FUSTIC  :  5  tons  Ceara,  all  faults,  at  £5  ss.  bid  at  the  sale  of  Ta  m  pi  co  ,  h  e  ld  for  £6,  es  quay.  SODA  ASH  has  advanced  to  21d,  at  which  there  is  a  good.  demand.  FARINA  retails  at  235.  LIMA  NICARAGUA  WOOD:  Steady  at  and  £lB,  as  in  quality.  SUGAR  :  The  inquiry  still  continues  very  limited,  the  sales  being  confined  to  65  hhds.  Demerara  at  42s  ;  20  hhds.  Antigua  at  44s  ;  and  20  hhds.  35  brls.  Porto  Rico  at  453  to  47s  6d  per  cwt.  MOLASSES,  Rum,  COFFEE  :  Nothing  has  occurred  in.  TEA  :  The  business  has  been  small,  and  prices  are  without  alteration.'  RICE  :  700  bags  Bengal  are  reported  at  13s  9d,  and  60  tierces  Carolina  at  30s  per  cwt.  SALTPETRE:  100  bags  have  been  disposed  of  at  363  per  owt.  for  5  per  cent.  refraction.  RAPESEED  :  700  bags,  offered  by  auction,  with  all  faults  found  buyers,  at  about  previous  rates,  It  is  reported  that  Mdlle.  Cruvellrs  marriage  with  Baron  Vigier,  which  was  to  have  taken  place  on  Saturday  last,  has  been  broken  off.  MR.  LAYARD,  M.P.—We  understand  that  M  r  .  L  ayar  d  ,  M.P.  for  Aylesbury,  has  another  work  in  the  press  on  the  subject  of  Assyrian  Antiquities.  We  (fierapath)  understand  that  the  Great  Western  Railway  Company  will  pay  a  better  dividend  than  is  gene generally  rally generally  expected,  and  carry  over  a  respectable  balance.  A  letter  from  Vienna  confirms  the  report  that  the  Arch Archduke  duke Archduke  Albert,  who  has  lately  returned  from  Italy,  will  not  resume  his  situation  of  governor  of  Hungary,  but  will  hold  a  high  military  post  near  the  Emperor.  EASTERN  COUNTIES  RAILWAY.—We  understand  that  the  half-yearly  meeting  of  this  company  will  be  held  on  the  29th  of  February,  although  we  believe  no  decision  of  the  board  has  fixed  the  day  of  meeting.  It  is  c  infidently  reported  that  the  French  Corps  Legit.  tatif  will  be  convoked  for  February  15th.  Should  the  news  be  true,  it  is  scarcely  doubtful  that  the  new  loan  expected  for  April  will  be  brought  out  oa  the  opening  of  the  Chamber.  IRISH  POTATOE  CROP.—We  are  assured  by  the  (Irk  Examiner  that  the  supply  of  potatoes  in  the  hands  of  the  farmers  is  much  greater  than  has  been  estimated  ;  and  that  according  as  this  fact  becomes  more  apparent  the  trade  in  Indian  corn  is  declining.  The  Qpikiene  of  Turin,  of  the  sth,  states  that  General  La  tiarmora's  departure  for  Paris  is  adjourned  for  a  few  days,  in  consequence  of  a  contusion  received  on  his  leg  by  the  door  of  a  railway  carriage  striking  against  it,  and  which  has  caused  such  injury  as  to  confine  him  to  his  bed.  A  cabinet  council  was  held  at  his  house  on  the  3rd.  DEATH  OF  THE  MARQUIS  TOWNSHEND.—lntelligence  has  been  received  of  the  death  of  the  Marquis  Townshend,  which  event  took  plaoe  a  few  days  since,  at  his  lordship's  villa  in  the  vicinity  of  Genoa,  where  the  marquis  had  lived  for  many  years  past  in  the  strictest  retirement.  The  late  marquis  is  succeeded  in  the  marquisate  and  ancient  family  honours  by  his  cousin,  Captain  J.  Town Townshend,  shend, Townshend,  R.N.,  M.P.  for  Tamworth,  born  in  March,  1798,  and  married  in  1825,  Elizabeth  Jane,  eldest  daughter  of  the  late  Lord  George  Stuart,  son  of  the  first  Marquis  of  Bute.  UNIVERSITY  INTmtaaaENCL.—Tho  mastership  of  Clare  Hall,  Cambridge,  has  just  become  vacant  by  the  demise  of  the  Rev.  W.  Webb,  D.D.,  who  held  it  for  the  lengthened  period  of  forty  years,  and,  at  the  time  of  hi  s  decease,  was  the  Lower  Master  of  the  University.  The  Rev.  Dr.  Webb  died  at  his  vicarage  at  I  ittlington,  on  Friday  last,  at  the  ripe  age  of  eighty-one  years.  The  appointment  of  his  sue suecessor  cessor suecessor  is  with  the  fellows  of  the  College,  nineteen  in  Dumber;  and  rumour  has  it  that  the  election  will  fall  either  upon  the  Rev,  Francis  Shephard,  or  the  Rev.  Mr.  Power,  ;the  respected  librarian  of  the  University.  The  election  must  take  place  within  eleven  days  from  the  declaration  of  the  vacancy.  RESIARKARL,E  INCIDENT.—At  a  medical  board  held  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  at  Brampton,  among  the  number  passed  as  unfit  for  further  service  was  Robert  Evans,  13th  Light  Dra Dragoons,  goons, Dragoons,  a  youth  who  has  been  in  hospital  nearly  twelve  months,  and  received  his  injury  in  an  extraordinary  man manner.  ner. manner.  In  the  charge  of  Balaklava  a  shell  entered  the  ohest  of  his  horse,  which  :rolled  completely  over,  falling  upon  Evans,  when  the  shell  burst  inside  the  animal,  tearing  it  open  from  the  shoulder  to  the  hind-quarters,  the  weight  of  the  horse  causing  suffocation,  while  its  death  struggles  inflicted  sev  ere  contusions  on  the  legs  of  Evans,  who  would  have  soon  e  x  pi  re  d  h  a  d  not  a  man  o  f  hi  s  own  troop  and  two  Lancers  released  him.  Her  Majesty  evinced,  great  sympathy  for  this  youth,  and  his  photograph  like•  ness  was  taken  by  her  special  command.  The  Emperor  Napoleon,  with  fine  taste  and  delicate  courtesy,  has  sent  over  to  the  Queen  a  very  pretty  and  very  precious  Christmas  gift.  It  is  in  the  form  of  a  Lady's  Album,  and  the  substance  of  it  is  an  artistic  memorial  of  her  Majesty's  visit  to  Paris.  The  drawings  are  in  water  colour,  by  the  moat  renowned  French  masters.  The  Queen  at  Boulogne  is  by  M.  Morel  patio,  and  the  depar departure  ture departure  from  that  port  by  111.  Mozin.  M.  Chavel  contributes  two  illustrations  to  the  Royal  Album—the  ball  at  Ver Versailles,  sailles, Versailles,  and  the  Imperial  supper.  The  Queen's  arrival  in  Paris  is  drawn  by  M.  Guerard.  M.  Eugene  Lami  illus illustrates  trates illustrates  the  arrival  at  St.  Cloud.  A  few  other  drawings  are  by  artists  less  known  :in  England.  The  case  which  contains  these  treasures  is  got  up  iu  the  most  exquisite  style,  and  with  all  the  richness  of  ornamentation  for  which  French  design  is  renowned.  The  book,  we  believe,  was  produced  for  the  Emperor  at  a  cost  of  a  thousand  guineas.  ATTEMPT  TO  BLOW  UP  A  MANUFACTORY.--On  ThUra.  day  evening  a  determined  attempt  was  made  to  destroy  a  manufacturing  building  at  Dronfield,  D  er  b  yshire,  by  an  explosion  of  gunpowder.  Mr.  G  eorge  Ward  carries  on  at  th  a  t  place  the  manu  f  acture  of  spindles,  and  a  portion  of  h  i  s  g  rinding  wheel  i  s  let.  off  to  persons  engaged  in  other  branches  of  the  trade  of  the  district.  One  of  these  is  an  edge-tool  grinder,  named  Spooner,  who  does  not  belong  to  the  trade  union.  Probably  feelings  of  resentment  have  been  excited  against  Mr.  Ward  for  harbouring  Spooner.  During  the  dead  of  the  night  a  tremendous  explosion  oceured,  which  awoke  the  sleeping  inhabitants  in  the  vicinity.  An  examination  of  the  manufactory  showed  that  a  large  quantity  of  gunpowder  had  been  put  dawn  a  chimney  of  the  grinding-wheel,  and  exploded,  the  violence  of  the  shock  having  entirely  blown  down  one  end  of  the  building.  Had  the  explosion  acted  in  the  opposite  direc direction,  tion, direction,  it  must  have  done  great  damage  to  the  machinery  and  property  within  the  building.  MAJOR  -GENERAL  WINDEAM  AND  THE  COMITY  OF  Windham  h STYLE=superscript  gallantry  1  a  (who STYLE=superscript  try  NORPOLE.-4  0  O  c  t  o  b  er  l  ast  the  mag  i  airo  f  es  o  f  N  orfolk  presented  a  vote  of  th  an  k  s  to  Major-generaldiinguil  is  a  native  of  th  e  county  )  .  f  or  the  st  he  had  displayed  in  the  Crimea.  The  following  reply  from  the  gallant  officer  was  read  at  the  sessions,  haveons,  betlhdeohnoFnoruidrayto:  Sebastopol,  N  ov  .  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  the  congratulatory  address  of  the  magistrates  of  the  county  of  No  r  f  o  lk  ,  and  I  hasten  to  thank  them  for  an  honour  as  unexpected  as  it  is  unquali unqualified:  fied: unqualified:  There  were  many  at  the  Redan  who  did  their  duty  as  well  as  did;  few  that  had  such  providential  protection;  none  that  had  such  reward.  I  beg  through  you  to  com communicate  municate communicate  to  the  magistrates  o  f  my  nat  i  ve  county  my  heart heartfelt  felt heartfelt  thanks-for  their  address,  which  I  shall  band  down  to  my  children  with  pride  and  satisfaction  ;  and  I  only  regret  that  many  are  now  in  their  graves  in  Norfolk  who  would  equally  thank  them  for  their  kind  and  s,youraffectionateobedient  -  t  tulations.  -I  have  th  e  h  onour  to  be,  ir,  servant,  C.  A.  WINDHAM,  Major-general,  commanding  4th  Division,  and  Commandant.—The  Clerk  of  the  Peace  for  the  County  of  The  letter  was  ordered  to  be  entered  on  the  proceedings  of  the  Seggi°7lel  L,,w-  1 STYLE=superscript  The  HULL  be  SOLD  by  A  reet,  the  fine  bar(  ter.  I.  e  3r  crew.  She  , STYLE=superscript  s  expense.  Lyin  CONSTITITTION,  the  celebrated  I  nwick  w  York  packet-ship,  will  er's  office,  York  e  o'clock,  as  s  on  board,  on  s  of  the  lers  Messrs.  Bsowlv  Live  Oak,  L  &amp;  CO.,  Agents,  nbers  ;  or  CUNARD,  BRETT,  &amp;  AUSTEN,  Brokers,  Nelson  Dock.  F  board,  or  to  SAM  to  sea  at  Ship  KALAMAZO  allycopp  acted,  ll  Manilla  ght  on  cotton  of  £3lOO.  She  stened.  was  hea;  coppered  18  months  .nd  now  lying  in  the  ,dnew  decks,  and  a  FOR  SALT  Stanley  Dock;  or  to  &amp;  FORWOOD  LEECH,  HAartiso  et,  803  _  u  rs.  51&lt;ts,K  •  [ld  clas  Barque  ON.  Fenwick-stree  Captain  on  an  Packet  798  tons  ;  buiit  ican  trad  RYING  netalled  in  1854  ,nd  can  be  sent  T  particulars,  EAGLE  Ship  ACADIA,  now  s  feet,  breadth  30  21-  s  763  tons  N.M.  e  of  Nova  Scotia,  in  ,t  year,  when  sails  well.—Apply  ristol,  or  HOLDERNESS  If  A  I  I  ar  three  STEAM  TO  AUSTRALIA  UNDER  SIXTY  DAYS  THE  LIVERPOOL  AND  'AUSTRALIAN  NAVIGATION  -  Of  2.  On  the  Adelai,  Built  expri  COMPA  Steam  Clipper  Sailinc!  Ship  ROYAL  CHARTER,  tons  register,  200  Horse  Power,  F.  Et  orcE,  the  Eagle),  Commander,  wall  be  despatched  IEL  B  0  DIRECT  es,  from  S  rs  for  Sydney,  liton,  or  ose  of  a  (  combines  all  the  ‘utifully  fitted  up.  The  Passenger  Deck  —ith  side  ports  every  six  feet,  exclu exclu'vided  'vided exclu'vided  for  all  classes  of  mcnts  for  cooking  and  carrying  live  J.A.S.  M.  NV  of  certainty  es  high  4  \  I  I  -  e  l, STYLE=superscript  a  RICH  THE  LP  Frei  ght  for  Fin  Per  ion  P  `,Tact.  Baths  are  Pr  rmed,  that  as  this  Steamer  must  e,  they  must  be  in  Liverpool  Being  the  only  1 STYLE=superscript  LIVE  ,ot-  - STYLE=superscript  No  Coodi  recei  Loadin7  her  E;  g  forwarded  on  or  before  CITY  OF  NEW  Y0RK........  J.  Mos(  s.  (Detained  by  Neap  T  .  Ides  ul  JOHN  ELIOT  THAYER  ....  G.  Sanwa&lt;  CHARIOT  OF  FAME  ......  A.  11•Kno,  DANIEL  STAR  , STYLE=superscript  r  CAP  EBSTE  I%IPIRE  EDRAL  11th  of  .  D.  Jaavrin  .  W.  H.  Howard  .  Procter  .....  .  1  .  G.  M.  Pol.ard  found  in  everything  but  wines  rornPtdelivery  of  f  or  freight  or  pas  TRAIN  &amp;  k  flown  t"
