text
".0  46  Do.  Do.  Do.  3d.  per  Half  Dozen.  etal  Tops,  for  Hot  -re,  very  cheap.  mers,  Baking  Pans,  Bread  Pans,  &amp;e.,  Sze,  Richly  Cut  Glass,  the  best  that  can  be  made,  in  all  articlen.  L,t  and  2nd  quality,  at  prices  that  defy  coin.  ars,  Feet  French  China  Ornaments,  Painted  and  Gilt,  in  hundreds  of  pat.  igns,  from  3s.  6d.  to  £6  per  Set.  le*,  for  Covering  Ornaments,all  sires,  and  Stands  fOr  terns  and  de  Figure  Sh  _  .  then,  Gilt  'and  Black  N.B.—J.  W  begs  to  return  thanks  to  the  publiefor  the  patronage  he  has  received,  and  his  success  enables  him  now  to  offer  to  the  public  a  magnifi  cen  t  ,  l  arge  ,ard  first  -  class  stock  of  goods,such  as  very  few  equal,  and  none  surpass,  for  quality  or  cheapness.  delivered  within  Four  Miles  Free  of  Charge.  —J.  WARD.  40.  POLO  STrtEß^r.  PARLIAMENTARY  STAMP  RETURNS  FOR  THJ  YEAR  1854.  PRESTON  GUARDIAN  Preston  Chronicle  379,000  Preston  Pilot  ......,  Lancaster  Guardian  Lancaster  Gazette...  Ulverston  Advertiser  Blackburn  Standard,  ----  ,500  It  will  be  seen  from  the  ab  ove  th  a  t  t  h  e  number  of  stamps  issued  to  the  Guardian  exceeded  by  49,500  the  number  issued  to  all  the  other  papers  .n  Nt.r  . STYLE=superscript  ..1:  Lancashire  added  together.  •THE  PREPAID  CHARGES  for  Advertising  in  the  PRESTON  GUARDIAN  are  --  4  Lines,  or  30  Words,  Is  6d,  if  prepaid.  8  Lines,  or  GO  Words,  2s  Od,  if  prepaid,  Advertiseas  will  do  well  to  remember  that  no  Advertisements,  however  short,  are  received  on  credit  under  2s  6ci  each,  it  being  impossible  to  open  accounts  for  such  small  sums  and  collect  the  amounts  without  an  extra  charge.  Parties  residing  out  of  Preston  may  remit  accounts  of  lOs  and  under  in  postage  stamps;  above  that  amount  by  Post-office  order,  deducting  cost  of  order.  Agents  cut  of  Preston  must  prepay  all  advertisements  which  they  wish  to  be  Inserted  at  the  prepaid  rates  otherwise  they  will  be  charged  credit  prices  GUARDIAN-OFFICE,  11.  FISITERGATE.  PRESTOS  THE  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  is  now  reduced  in  price  (though  not  in  size),  to  TWOPENCE,  UN  STAMPED  ;  THREEPENCE,  STAMPED  The  DAILY  MAIL  contains  all  the  News  of  the  day,  condensed  and  selected  from  the  principal  newspapers,  as  well  as  correspondence  from  the  various  districts  of  the  country.  To  Local  News  of  every  kind  a  large  space  is  devoted;  and  it  contains  exclusively  the  Latest  Intelli Intelligence  gence Intelligence  from  all  parts  of  the  Continent  received  by  Submarine  Telegraph,  generally  a  day  in  advance  of  other  papers  '  has  been  for  some  years  the  leading  and  most  influentia  'nal  in  the  West  of  Scotland,  and  has  at  present  a  cit.-  ,  greater  than  that  of  some  of  the  London  Morning  but  as  a  large  increase  will  result  from  Qum*.  better  medium  exists  for  such  Adver Adver'mssed  'mssed Adver'mssed  to  the  wealthy  and  influential  and  the  wide-spread,  populous  ^mid  and  dependent  upon  the  tisemei"
