text
"IRELAND.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  THE  LATE  TRACT  DISTRIBUTION  CASE.-  DEPUTATION  TO  THE  LORD  LIEU LIEUTENANT.  TENANT. LIEUTENANT.  A  deputation,  consisting  of  Mr.  John  Martin,  P.L.G.;  Mr.  John  Ouseley  Bonsai],  P.L.G.;  Major  Boyes,  and  Mr.  Litton,  J.P„  waited  on  the  Lord  Lieutenant  yesterday,  at  the  Viceregal  Lodge,  to  present  to  his  Excellency  a  memorial  on  behalf  of  a  meeting  of  Protestants  recently  held  at  the  Ro Rotunda.  tunda. Rotunda.  praying  for  the  dismissal  of  Mr.  O'Callaghan,  one  of  the  magistrates  of  Capel-street,  Police-office,  because  of  his  decision  in  the  case  in  which  Mr.  Martin  A.  O'Brennan  recently  preferred  a  charge  of  assault  against  a  tract  distributor  named  Smith.  The  Right  Hon.  the  Attorney-General  was  pre present  sent present  with  the  Lord  Lieutenant,  who  was  attended  by  Captain  Molyneux,  A.D.C.  in  waiting.  The  deputation  having  been  introduced,  _  Mr.  Martin  read  the  memorial,  which  recited  the  facts  of  the  case,  viz.,  certain  Protestants  in  Dublin  have,  for  some  time,  been  in  the  habit  of  printing  small  handbills,  setting  forth  the  errors  of  the  Ro  , STYLE=superscript  man  Catholic  Church,  and  handing  them  to  mem members  bers members  of  the  Roman  Catholic  persuasion  as  they  passed  through  the  street.  On  the  14th  ult.  one  of  these  papers  was  given  to  a  Roman  Catholic,  who  seized  the  distributor  of  the  tract  and  placed  him  in  the  hands  of  the  police.  The  distributor  was  brought  before  Mr.  O'Callaghan,  a  magistrate,  who  stated  that  his  conduct  in  putting  into  a  person's  hands  a  paper  likely  to  make  him  angry  was  calculated  to  lead  to  a  breach  of  the  peace,  and  the  magistrate  ordered  him  to  enter  into  his  own  recognizances  to  be  of  good  behaviour  for  the  future.  The  memorial  then  went  on  to  say,  that  Mr.  O'Cal O'Callaghan  laghan O'Callaghan  had  audaciously,  daringly,  unconstitution unconstitutionally,  ally, unconstitutionally,  bigottedly,  lent  himself  to  sustain  the  intoler intolerance  ance intolerance  of  a  bigot,  and  to  crush  the  rights  of  British  subjects,  which  rights  were  bought  with  the  blood  of  their  fathers,  and  shall  never  be  surrendered  but  with  their  own.  That  we  therefore,  in  the  exercise  of  constitutionla  pre prerogative,  rogative, prerogative,  thus  approach  your  Excellency  with  our  complaint,  and  do  most  humbly  pray  that  your  Excellency  may  be  pleased  to  cause  official  enquiry  to  be  made  into  the  premises,  and  if  you  find  them  to  be  true,  and  that  this  11  , STYLE=superscript  1  r.  O'Callaghan  has  yielded  to  the  suggestion  of  his  Romanist  principles,  and  severely  dealt  with  an  humble  citizen  for  praiseworthy  zeal,  instead  of,  in  the  spirit  of  noble  and  free  England,  rebuking  a  narrow-minded  and  intolerant  bigot,  your  Excellency  may  forthwith  dismiss  him  from  an  office  which  he  is  disqualified  e  the  l STYLE=superscript  l  to  fill,  and  thus  teach  society  in  general  government  will  not,  directly  or  indirectly,  becoT  toleranci  porter  of  tyrannous,  enslaving,  and  unconstitutional  In  your  petitioners  will  ever  \r  i  n  g  rep:  •  •  His  Excellency  then  read  the  folio\  •  to  this  GENTLEMEN,—I  have  listened  with  much  Painetiog  on  memorial.  It  is  a  matter  of  deep  regret  that  the  the  whose  behalf  you  present  it,  should  have  with  use  of  language  which  appears  to  me  to  be  inconsistent_ll  _bp  Christian  charity,  and  to  be  calculated  to  prejudice  r  opinion  the  right  of  flee  discussion.  isconduet  ‘c  The  memorialists  impute  to  a  magistrate  gross  m  iv,  ino  ,  in  his  office.  They  say  that  he  '  audaciously,  daring  .  n  ee  of  lently,  And  bigotedly  lent  himself  to  sustain  the  int  '`  Theny  de.  a  bigot,  and  to  crush  the  rights  of  British  subjects.'  ,  tteriy  us usscribe  scribe usscribe  the  judgment  pronounced  by  him  as  being  sug  .  ge  st  ,  constitutional,  tyrannical,  and  intolerable,'  an  d STYLE=superscript  theY STYLE=superscript  otiva  that,  in  pronouncing  it,  he  was'  actuated  by  improp!,  tatitute  yn  Having  thus  stated  the  case,  they  pray  me  to  ins  inquiry  into  the  facts  of  it.  that  the  Brine  his  133e1°. STYLE=superscript  I  will  not  advert  further  to  the  language  of  t  oris  iists  rial,  but  will  proceed  at  once  to  remind  the  tne,t  u  i  g  iate  that  if  the  charges  which  they  prefer  against  Mr.  o'‘'.  t  bst  be  well  founded,  his  office  can  afford  him  no  protectio,ievrti  the'  Court  of  Queen's  Bench,  which  is  opened  to  all  *gr  o  w  persons,  can  inquire  not  only  whether  the  judgment  wa',,tote  neous,  but  also  whether  the  motives  by  which  the  Ins,g'i  ct  a  o  was  actuated  were  improper.  That  tribunal  can  Co  rr STYLE=superscript  error,  and  it  can  punish  an  offender.  ;  d  i  tb'  For  these  reasons  I  must  decline  to  comply  &#34;'  prayer  of  the  otttw  smart  discussion  then  took  place,  the  L.  e STYLE=superscript  x„  r  o•  tion  denying  that  the  Queen's  Bench  was  the STYLE=superscript  lf  it  per  tribunal  to  apply  to.  Several  members  'Ili()  then  referred  to  the  want  of  protection,  front  it  was  - STYLE=superscript  alleged  the  parties  connected  with STYLE=superscript  t  off  Missionary  throughout  the  Tod  , STYLE=superscript  suffered.  This  the  Attorney-General  denied'  subsequently,  after  a  little  further  disputati°ll'  memoralists  hdrew.  o  f  THE  CLONCUIIRY  FAMILY.—.-The  Hon.  Cec  il STYLE=superscript  „„  0  0  less,  whose  death  I  reported  yesterday,  was  death  son  of  the  late-  Lord  Cloncurry,  whose  den'''  . STYLE=superscript  o  rti  ceded  his  but  a  few  days.  Some  curious  rep  0.1  were  afloat  as  to  the  nature  of  Mr.  Lawlessso  ness,  and  some  of  the  papers  stated  that  it  wits  '  ,  result  of  nervous  excitement.  The  rumour  °  g  ot  , STYLE=superscript  /  head  was  that  he  had  bee  n  wroug  ht  i  n  to  the  ;  l  o  is  represented,  by  a  fit  of  chagrin,  at  the  Pr  ° STYLE=superscript  `  lj STYLE=superscript  '  lef  t STYLE=superscript  of  his  father's  will,  in  which  he  e  x  pe  c  ted  to  better  off  than  he  was.  That  this  was  not  the STYLE=superscript  The  however,  there  is  every  reason  to  believe•  deceased  gentleman  had  been  suffering  froiri  fever  some  time  before  his  death,  and  it  i  s STYLE=superscript  o  tetl  , STYLE=superscript  sudden  relapse  his  death  is  more  correctly  ing  ou  t STYLE=superscript  nor  does  the  story  ab  ou  t  th  e  w  ill  seem  boili  t  'or  by  the  fact,  that  Mr.  La  w  l  ess  was  l  e  ft  by  his  10  1 STYLE=superscript  1;  with  a  realty  of  .R5OO  per  year,  X  12,000  in  Moreland,  the  elegant  sea-side  residence  Cloncurry  family.  Apropos  to  this,  it  is  stated.ot  I  should  say  with  great  probability  of  trutib,  the  late  lord  died  a  Roman  Catholic.  The  ffi  a  tba  family  did  originally  belong  to  that  creed,  fo  l STYLE=superscript  ,  fro'  present  nobleman's  grandfather  was  the  firs'  i  f  testant  of  the  name.  The  present  lord  hiols  e STYLE=superscript  DlS  however,  not  only  a  Protestant,  but  a  tole STYLE=superscript  flli  high  Conservative,  and  worked  might  ancl,.oo  against  the  priests'  candidates  at  the  last  P-  1 STYLE=superscript  0  0  Election,  when  he  proposed  the  Derbyite  no  Sir  Edward  Kennedy.  10.  THE  FLOODS.—NO  more  recent  news  of  M  t  it!  portance  on  this  subject  has  been  received  T  l STYLE=superscript  l  e STYLE=superscript  t  o  o STYLE=superscript  of  Cork  on  Sunday  was  even  more  melancholl  D  er  the  preceding  day,  on  account  of  the  lowering  s  ther,  but  no  correct  estimate  of  the  damage  yet  been  made.  In  Clare,  a  considerable  (1  1111 STYLE=superscript  70  1 STYLE=superscript  of  agricultural  produce  has  been  destroyed  'JO  late  overflow  of  the  Fergus  and  Killame•  or  number  of  deaths  by  drowning,  is  varions  l STYLE=superscript  97,  , STYLE=superscript  ,  mated  at  five,  six,  and  eight.  The  Munster  describes  the  amount  of  cattle,  horses,  Sze.,  1199 STYLE=superscript  10  8 STYLE=superscript  frightful,  and  several  trains  on  the  Junctiond:  have  been  stopped.  Meanwhile,  from  the  t  o  o'  some  further  damage  is  reported,  and  the  Y STYLE=superscript  .  •jti.  viaduct  is  in  an  exceedingly  precarious  conch°"
