text
"THE  COURT  WINDSOR,  JAN.  27.—The  Queen  and  Prince,  the  Prince  of  Wales,  the  Princess  Royal,  Prince  Alfred,  Princess  Alice,  and  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  the  Ladies  and  Gentlemen  of  the  court,  and  the  domestic  household,  attended  divine  service  this  morning  in  the  private  chapel  of  the  castle.  The  Rev.  H.  J.  Ellison,  Vicar  of  Windsor,  officiated.  Lord  Brougham  arrived  in''.,Paris  on  Saturday,  on  his  way  from  Caimes  to  London,  for  the  opening  of  Par Parliament.  liament. Parliament.  The  noble  and  learned  Lord  appeared  to  be  in  excellent  health  and  spirits.  LORD  ADOLPHUS  FITZCLARENCE.  —We  are  gratified  to  learn  the  noble  and  gallant  lord  is  going  on  very  favour favourably.  ably. favourably.  His  Lordship  was  able  to  be  removed  to  the  draw drawing-room  ing-room drawing-room  on  Saturday  for  the  first  time,  and  there  received  the  Duke  of  Cambridge,  Viscount  Falkland,  the  Earl  of  Erroll,  and  other  relatives.  The  noble  Lord  is,  however,  much  enfeebled  by  his  illness.  The  Duke  of  Cambridge  had  a  dinner  party  on  Saturday  evening,  at  his  apartments,  in  St.  James's-palace,  in  com compliment  pliment compliment  to  General  Alphonso  Della  Marmora.  There  were  present  to  meet  the  gallant  Sardinian  General,  the  Duchess  of  Cambridge  and  the  Princess  Mary,  the  Countess  Helene  Kielmansegge,  Field  Marshal  Viscount  Hardinge,  the  Marquis  d'Azeglio,  Admiral  Sir  Edmund  Lyons,  General  Sir  Harry  Jones,  Major-General  Sir  R.  Airey,  Admiral  the  Hon.  R.  S.  Dundas,  and  Colonel  Browning.  LIVERPOOL  BANE  RUPTCY  COURT.—(Before  Mr.  Commis Commissioner  sioner Commissioner  Perry.)—ln  re  JAMES  RILEY.—'The  bankrupt  in  this  ease  had  been  a  glass  and  earthenware  dealer  in  Chester.  He  applied  this  day  for  his  certificate,  and  his  Honour  granted  one  of  the  second  class.  THE  CHARG  E  OF  SETTING  A  COTTON  MILL  ON  FIRE  AT  PREsToN.—EI  zabeth  Grundy,  14  years  of  age,  was  finally  examined  on  Friday,  and  committed  for  trial,  on  a  charge  of  wilfully  an  d  maliciously  setting  fire  to  the  cotton  mill  of  Mr.  W.  Seed,  D  er  b  y  -  street,  Preston.  THE  RECTOR'S  FEEs.---We  understand  that  the  question  of  the  rector's  fees  is  by  no  means  settled,  and  that  the  rector  is  about  to  commence  proceedings  in  the  spiritual  court  for  their  recovery,  under  the  provisions  of  the  10th  George  IV.  The  fee,  even  by  the  old  table,  is  one  shilling,  including  the  registation,  and  the  auditor  has  only  allowed  sixpence.  TILE  WEATHER—ACCIDENT  FROM  LIGHTNING.  Th  e  weather,  for  the  last  few  days,  has  been  rather  more  variable  than  even  January  usually  presents.  It  has  been  alter alternately  nately alternately  mild  and  severe,  with  heavy  showers  of  sleet.  Yes Yesterday,  terday, Yesterday,  about  one  o'clock,  the  town  was  visited  by  a  smart  thunder  storm,  but  it  was  of  short  duration.  While  it  lasted  there  were  a  few  flashes  of  vivid  lightning,  with  heavy  peals  of  thunder,  and  a  fall  of  bail.  The  lightning  struck  the  chimney  of  Messrs  Hill's  chemical  works,  Vaux Vauxhall-road,  hall-road, Vauxhall-road,  and  injured  it  considerably,  but  we  are  happy  to  say  we  did  not  hear  of  any  accident  to  lite  or  limb.  The  atmosphere  was  excessively  cold  during  the  afternoon,  and  some  sleet  showers  fell  at  intervals.  The  evening  was  fine,  but  there  are  indications  of  a  heavy  fall  of  rain,  or  perhaps  snow.  SUDDEN  AND  ACCIDENTAL  DEATHS.—Elizabeth  Connor,  aged  56  years,  died  suddenly  at  her  residence,  No.  20,  Upper  Frederick-street,  but  at  present  the  cause  of  death  is  unknown.  A  child,  named  Daniel  Christian,  seventeen  months  old,  died  yesterday  morning  in  Pellew-street,  in  consequence  of  injuries  received  by  hts  clothes  having  caught  fire.  A  woman  named  Elizabeth  Turner,  who  resided  in  a  cellar  in  Ilornby-street,  died  yesterday  under  the  following  circumstances  :  On  Sunday  morning  the  deceased  had  a  child  buried,  and  it  appears  the  woman  afterwards  got  drunk,  and  whilst  in  that  state  her  clothes  caught  fire,  and  she  was  so  terribly  injured  that  she  died  before  the  police  could  convey  e  h  tsh  e  e  r  ee  t  ag  o  sier  t  is  h  ,  e  hospital.  Maria  Cunningham.  aged  were  of  such  a  description  twelvellt  years  ,  be  held  instant,in  these  Thom  ts  SHILLING  These  delightful  so'  and  each  performanrc  died  yesterday  in  the  Royal  Infirmary  ;  on  the  st  this  clothes  t.  o  caught  cause  death.  and  .  I  n  t  q  h  u  e  e  i  s  n  t  injuries  a  r  will  ies  No  CONCERTS—PIIILTIARMONIC  HALL.—  These  are  kept  up  with  unabated  vigour,  and  the  ensemble  i  s  equal  to  band  is STYLE=superscript  now  perfectly  organised,  to  the  audienc  es  .  nreenlsto  give  increased  satisfaction  excepting  the  far  famed  Jur'Yetiling  we  have  heard,  not  all  Ea STYLE=superscript  t  e STYLE=superscript  h  ill' STYLE=superscript  at  ltl7ght STYLE=superscript  s  en  in  ted  th  ,  e  pr  emb  o  r  v  a  in  ei  c  n  e  g  s.  t,  a  v  ar  i  e  d  bill  o  f  f  are  at  least,  as  his  troupe  a  is  pp  p  e  r  a  e  r  s  is  reci! STYLE=superscript  '  erehe STYLE=superscript  in STYLE=superscript  overture, STYLE=superscript  symphony,  ope  ra  ti  c  se  l  ect  i  on,  dance  and  popul  ar  and  a  f  ew  songs  culled  both  f  rom  t  h  e  c  l  assical  interspersed.  The  vocalist  during  the  past  school,  are  Pt  week  ha  s  b  een  Miss  Thirw  a  ll,  a  l  a  d  y  possess  i  ng  a  very  sweet  wanting  only  experi  ence  t  o  b  e  an  admirable  vocalist  soprano,  a  n  d  singing  of  the  beautif  u  l  b  u  t  diffi  cu  l  t  Casta  Diva'.  Her  e7inced  powers  of  a  rare  order.  Thi  s  wee  k  a  f  a  i  r  contralto  '  ,  in  person  of  the  admired  Miss  Fanny  Iluddart,  undertakes  the  vocal  department,  and  with  grea  t  cre  di  t  to  herself  and  delight  to  her  hearers.  We  would  remind  the  public  that  .  this  is  the  last  week  of  these  concerts  ;  and  we  trust  public  appreciation  will  substantially  reward  Mr.  Thomas  for  his  arduous  endeayours  to  please.  ,  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  *  LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY  EVENING,  There  has  been  a  steady  and  active  demand  for  Cotton  to-day,  and  a  large  business  has  been  done,  the  sales  amounting  to  12,000  bales,  of  which  5,000  have  been  taken  for  speculation  and  export.  Prices  continue  very  firm.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  has  been  very  animated  to-day,  notwithstanding  the  high  rates  of  Contangos,  but  did  not  close  quite  at  the  best.  The  following  were  the  latest  quota quotations  tions quotations  :—Aberdeen,  12a  128.  Chester  and  Birken Birkenhead,  head, Birkenhead,  13  131.  Caledonian,  283  288.  Chester  and  Holyhead,  121  13k.  Eastern  Counties,  9  1-16  9  8-16.  East  Lancashire,  .183  181.  Great  Northern,  23i  24.  Ditto  A,  91  103.  Great  Western,  57  574.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock  81  811  Liverpool,  Crosby,  and  Southport,  15  151.  London  and  North  Western  Stock,  981991.  Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  253  25k.  Ditto  Preference,  131  132.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  3  Np.  Midland  Stock,  694  693.  North  British,  7  11-16  7  13-16.  North  Staffordshire,  76  73d.  South  Eastern,  18  7-16  18  9  16.  York,  New Newcastle,  castle, Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  18ti  183.  York  and  North  Mid Midland,  land, Midland,  244  241.  Leeds  Capital  Stock,  13H  143.  Dutch  Rhenish,  13-16  x  all  15-16  p.  Ditto  New  Shares,  2  3-16  21p.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  26  26k.  Ditto  New  Shares,  3  7-16  3  9-16  p.  Great  Luxem Luxembourg,  bourg, Luxembourg,  8g  83d.  The  movements  of  the  precious  Metals  last  week  comprised  arrivals  to  the  extent  of  about  513,1251.,  and  ascertained  exports  to  the  amount  of  about  494,2651.  The  importations  included  15,0001.  from  Africa;  2,1251.  from  the  Peninsula;  and  496,0001.  from  Australia.  The  exports  comprised  255,6411.  to  India  and  China,  28.700/.  to  the  Peninsula,  and  5,4001.  to  the  West  Indies  ;  1,320  ounces  of  gold  to  the  Continent,  and  23,2041.  in  silver,  besides  180,0001.  to  the  Bank  of  France.  By  the  recent  arrivals  from  Austrrlia,  accounts  from  Tasmania  furnish  a  comparative  statement  of  the  revenue  of  the  colony  for  the  quarters  end ending  ing ending  30th  June,  1855  and  1854,  showing  a  deficiency  in  the  general  revenue  of  the  colony  for  1855  of  17,0001.,  and  in  the  territorial  revenue  of  909/.  The  total  Customs  duties  for  that  period  was  50,3191.  in  1854,  and  34,6741.  in  1855.  Of  this  item,  the  decrease  in  spirits  alone  was  7,7981.  The  Hashmy,  from  New  South  \Vales,  has  arrived,  with  seventy  ounces  of  gold.  Her  advices  are  to  the  6th  October  only,  and  have  therefore  been  anticipated.  In  reviewing  the  receipts  of  the  French  railways  for  the  last  two  years,  a  comparison  between  them  and  the  returns  published  by  the  companies  in  Great  Britian  has  been  published,  showing  that  while  both  have  increased  during  the  war,  the  French  have  progressed  more  in  proportion.  The  gross  amount  of  receipts  on  British  railways  in  1854  is  set  down  at  464  millions  of  francs,  and  in  1855  at  506  millions,  exhibiting  an  increase  of  46  mil millions  lions millions  ;  while  the  total  receipts  on  French  lines  were  191  millions  in  1854,  and  252  millions  in  1855,  being  an  augmentation  of  61  millions.  This  speaks  well  for  the  general  management  of  the  French  railways.  The  earnings  of  the  principal  lines  for  the  last  week  show  the  following  increase  as  compared  with  the  corresponding  week  of  1854.  North  of  France,  180,151  f,  East  of  France  Old,  116,297  f,  Do.  New,  5,396  f,  Paris  and  Orleans,  130,143  f,  Paris  and  Lyons,  76,813  f,  Lyons  and  Mediterranean,  155,658  f,  West  of  France,  145,982  f.  Accounts  from  Russia,  by  way  of  Hamburg,  state  that  the  Russian  Government  are  raising  a  new  Loan  (?)  in  Findland,  amounting  to  600,000  silver  roubles—equivalent  to  100,0001.  sterling—to  be  specially  collected  in  that  province,  towards  defray defraying  ing defraying  the  expenses  of  the  war.  The  recent  establishment  of  Credit  Mobilier  banks  in  Spain  and  Austria,  on  the  basis  of  the  French  Bank  of  Credit,  has  induced  the  govern government  ment government  of  Saxony  to  concede  a  similar  power  to  M.  Dufour  Feronci,  consul  at  Leipsig,  and  Dr.  Otto  Hubner,  director  of  the  Central  Archives  at  Berlin,  authorising  them  to  establish  a  general  institution  of  credit,  for  the  promotion  of  agriculture,  com commerce,  merce, commerce,  and  industry,  The  establishment  is  to  have  a  capital  of  20  millions  of  thalers.  and  the  com committee  mittee committee  of  management  to  consist  of  wealthy  per persons  sons persons  of  distinction,  and  foreign  financiers.  The  Stock  Exchange  Market  continued  to  be  powerfully  affected  by  the  prospects  of  peace.  The  funds  to  day  attained  a  fresh  rise  of  only  3  per  cent,  notwithstanding  an  active  demand  for  money  both  in  the  Stock  Exchange  and  out  of  doors.  Owing  to  this  pressure  a  number  of  loans  were  obtained  from  the  Bank  of  England  at  6  per  cent.  Exchanges  are  also  givers  of  73  per  cent  Contango  on  consols  to  the  March  account.  In  other  words  the  price  of  consols  for  the  settling  of  the  middle  of  March  is  fully  per  cent  higher  than  that  for  the  7th  of  February.  This  is  the  result  of  the  extensive  operations  for  a  rise  which  have  been  entered  into  from  a  belief  that  the  waris  approach.  ing  its  termination.  At  the  close  the  quotations  were  91  , STYLE=superscript  :f  911.  At  the  Paris  Bourse  buoyancy  also  is  exhibited.  The  further  rise  established  to  day  in  the  3  per  cents  was  about  ;7  7  per  cent.  Owing  to  the  large  number  of  applications  the  subscription  list  of  the  Newßank  of  Egypt  was  closed  this  afternoon.  The  Shares  are  at  3  to  41  premium.  The  Railway  Share  Market  continues  decidedly  good.  The  tone  to  day  was  very  good,  and  prices,  at  the  close,  stood  as  follows  :  Caledonian,  563  574.  Eastern  Counties,  93  91.  East  Lan  cashire,  73  73/  Great  Northern,  941  951.  Ditto  A,  78  80.  Great  Western,  571  58.  Lanca Lancashire  shire Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  80/  81.  London  and  North  Western,  98/  991  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  251  25/.  Midland  Stock,  69/  691.  North  British,  301-  31.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  811  611  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  731  74i.  York  and  North  Midland,  48/  49/.  THE  GREAT  BRITAIN.--This  celebrated  steamship  having  been  again  taken  up  by  the  Government,  is  being  refitted  and  repaired,  to  be  made  available  for  the  conveyance  of  troops.  She  will  sail  from  this  port  on  the  9th  February,  with  about  1,100  troops  for  Malta.  SUDDEN  DEATH  OF  A  SOLICITOR.—On  Saturday  last,  Mr.  William  Mosley  Perfect,  one  of  the  partners  of  the  firm  of  Messrs.  Robinson,  Perfect,  and  Co.,  of  Blackburn,  suddenly  expired  near  the  Ribchester  station,  in  Billington,  near  Blackburn.  The  deceas  e  d  gent  l  eman  h  a  d  b  een  shooting  with  a  few  friends  when  the  melancholy  event  happened.  His  loss  is  much  regretted  by  all  in  the  town  who  had  the  pleasure  of  his  acquaintance.  SUICIDE  AT  MANCHESTER.—A  young  German,  of  a  good  and  wealthy  family,  committed  suicide  at  his  lodgings  in  Great  Ducie-street,  Manchester,  on  Saturday  morning,  whilst  suffering  from  a  state  of  temporary  insanity  produced  by  a  love  affair.  It  appeared  that  the  young  gentleman,  whose  name  was  Edwin  Carstein,  and  who  was  24  years  of  age,  had  become  passionately  attached  to  a  young  waitress  of  one  of  the  public  dining  rooms  in  Manchester,  but  his  parents  had  refused  their  sanction  to  his  marriage  with  her.  About  a  week  ago  he  had  d  ec  l  are  d  h  i  s  intention  to  destroy  himself,  and  a  friend  slept  with  him  subsequently  to  watch  him.  On  Friday  night  he  took  some  opium,  which  was  inoperative  ;  and,  on  Saturday  morning,  while  dressing,  he  shot  himself  through  th  e  r  i  g  h  t  l  ung,  and  expired  instantly.  A  portrait  of  the  young  woman,  and  some  letters  from  her,  were  lying  on  the  bed  when  he  committed  the  rash  act  which  deprived  him  of  life.  THE  BILLETING  SYSTEM.—DEPUTATION  OF  LIVERPOOL  LICENSED  VICTUALLERS  TO  LORD  PANAIURE.-011  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  a  deputation,  appointed  by  the  Liverpool  Licensed  Victuallers  Society,  had  an  interview  by  special  appoint appointment  ment appointment  with  Lord  Panmure,  for  the  purpose  of  representing  the  grievances  under  which  they  laboured,  owing  to  the  present  system  of  billeting.  The  deputation,  which  was  introduced  by  the  Hon.  H.  F.  Berkeley,  M.P.,  consisted  of  Mr,  John  Atkinson,  of  Hurst-street,  Liverpool,  trustee  of  the  Liverpool  Licensed  Victuallers  Society  ;  Mr.  James  Morgan,  of  the  N  ork  Hotel,  Williamson-square,  one  of  the  members  of  the  committee  ;  and  Mr.  George  Candelet,  of  Manchester,  agent  to  the  society.  Mr.  Atkinson  having  entered  into  a  statement  of  the  hardships  entailed  upon  the  licensed  victuallers  of  Liverpool  by  the  present  system  of  billeting  (more  than  30,000  men  and  400  horses,  and  a  per permanent  manent permanent  recruiting  staff  having  been  billeted  in  the  town  during  the  last  year,)  Lord  Panmure  said  he  would  take  care  to  investigate  the  matter  thoroughly,  and  see  whether  some  means  could  not  be  adopted  to  remedy  the  evil.  The  depu deputation  tation deputation  then  withdrew.  THE  RUGELEY  POISONING  CASES.—We  understand  that  the  Lord  Chief  Baron  has  been  appointed  to  try  Palmer,  and  that  the  assize  will  be  holden  at  Warwick,  commenc commencing  ing commencing  on  the  20th  March.  A  Court-martial  assembled  on  Friday  at  Portsmouth  on  board  the  Victory,  to  try  Mr.  Henry  Thornton,  a  c  ti  ng  assistant  engineer  of  the  fleet  (first  class),  serving  on  board  her  Majesty's  sloop  Falcon,  on  a  charge  of  neglect  of  duty,  in  consequence  of  which  the  port  boiler  of  the  said  vessel  was  burnt  and  otherwise  damaged,  the  casing  of  the  boiler  Set  on  fire,  and  the  safety  of  the  ship  thereby  endangered,  she  being  at  the  time  under  sail  and  steam.  The  Court  found  that  the  charge  had  been  fully  proved,  and  adjudg  e  d  the  pris  oner  t  o  b  e  di  s  mi  sse  d  f  r  om  her  M  a  j  es  ty'  s  s  hip  F  a  l  con,  to  be  r  e  d  uce  d  to  t  h  e  ran  k  o  f  an  ass  i  stant  eng  i  neer  of  the  third  c  l  ass,  and  to  be  debarred  from  promotion  for  one  year,  NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  TUESDAY,  JANUARY  29,  1856.  FRANCE.  -....-.-.--  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  SUNDAY  EVENING  Doubts  are  now  thrown  on  the  existence  of  a  circular  from  Count  Nesselrode,  explaining  the  reasons  of  the  Russian  government  for  accepting  the  Austrian  conditions—reasons  of  a  nature  said  to  be  unsatisfactory  to  the  Allies.  And  the  Dresden  Journal  says  that  the  explanation  ref  the  Allies,  on  the  sixth  point  of  the  conditions,  was  known  to  Russia,  before  she  accepted  the  first  four.  These  facts  have  caused  things,  once  again,  to  assume  a  couleur  de  rose.  In  fact,  the  confidence  in  a  peaceable  issue  of  the  approaching  negotiations,  has  decidedly  augmented,  and  I  find  that  well  informed  people,  who  have  hitherto  entertained  the  greatest  doubts  on  the  matter,  are  beginning  to  be  seriously  shaken;  still  it  will  be  well  for  your  readers  not  to  be  over  sanguine.  The  French  are  delighted  at  having  Paris  chosen  as  the  seat  of  the  conferences  ;  and  they  look  on  it  as  a  just  homage  to  the  gloire  they  have  gained  in  the  war.  They  say  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  was  the  first  to  propose  Paris,  and  that  the  French  Government,  from  modesty,  suggested  London.  but  that  the  English  Cabinet  joined  the  Russian  Emperor  in  electing  for  this  city.  A  Berlin  letter  received  in  this  city  says  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  wrote,  a  few  days  ago,  a  very  friendly  letter  to  the  Emperor  of  Austria,  expres  sing  his  positive  desire  for  peace,  and  begging  that  the  letter  might  be  communicated  to  the  Emperor  Napoleon.  The  latter,  it  is  added,  replied  in  a  similar  spirit,  and  begged  that  his  lett  er  m  i  g  ht  b  e  communicated  to  the  Emperor  Alexander.  General  Gcrtschakoff  arrived  at  St.  Petersburg  from  the  Crimea,  on  the  24th.  In  the  account  which  the  Moniteur  gave  of  the  speech  of  the  English  Ambassador  at  the  banquet  to  the  new  members  of  the  Order  of  the  Bath,  it  was  stated  that  he  said  that  the  Allies  and  par.  tieularlarly  the  English  had  a  strong  desire  to  see  peace  established.  To  day  the  Moniteur  gives  the  very  text  of  my  discourse  and  singular  to  state  it  contains  no  such  passage.  What  his  lordship  said  was  Allow  me  before  separating  to  propose  this  toast  the  re-establishment  of  I  do  not  fear  to  propose:  such  a  toast  in  in  presence  of  so  many  soldiers,  for  they  who  know  the  misfortunes  of  war,  can  better  than  any  one  appreciate  the  happiness  of  peace.  God  grant  that  the  negotiations  which  are  about  to  be  opened  will  lead  us  to  a  peace  as  honourable  as  lasting.  I  drink  also  to  the  French  army  and  navy,  and  more  particularly  to  the  generals,  officers,  and  soldiers,  'the  admirals,  officers  of  the  navy,  and  sailors  who  have  taken  part  in  the  present  war,  and  who,  by  their  bravery,  energy,  and  devotedness  have  been  able  to  secure  success  whendver  they  were  opposed  to  the  The  French  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs  in  his  turn  proposed  a  toast  to  the  English  army  and  navy,  and  in  doing  so  expressed  a  hope  that  they  might  always  fight  in  conjunction  with  those  of  France,  and  that  the  alliance  between  the  two  countries  would  never  be  weakened.  These  diplomatic  speeches,  though  very  well  as  far  as  they  go,  throw,  it  will,be  seen,  no  great  light  on  the  great  question  of  the  moment.  In  addition  to  the  names  of  the  officers  nominated  to  the  Order  of  the  Bath,  which  I  have  already  communicated  to  you,  the  Moniteur  says  that  Rear  Admirals  Penaud  and  Regault  de  Genouilly  have  been  nominated  Commander  and  Captains  Saisser  and  Pothnan,  of  the  navy,  Companions  of  the  Order.  The  Sardinian  papers  continue  to  manifest  the  greatest  distrust  of  Russia,  and  repugnance  at  the  idea  of  peace.  One  of  the  principal  of  them,  the  Opinione,  of  Turin,  received  this  morning,  says  :  The  negotiations,  in  which  Russia  takes  part,  in  consequence  of  a  simlllated  acceptance  of  condi conditions,  tions, conditions,  will  have  for  her  not  only  the  'advantage  of  gaining  time  for  [military  preparations,  but  for  exciting  a  rupture  of  the  Anglo-French  alliance.  Austria  shares  with  her  in  [these  designs.  But  we  doubt  not  that  on  this  occasion  the  result  will  be  the  same  as  at  the  Conferences  of  Vienna.  A  dash  of  the  pen  of  the  EmperoiNapoleon  will  at  the  decisive  moment  destroy  the  schemes  of  un unfaithful  faithful unfaithful  and  perfidious  Singu.  lar  to  relate,  even  the  journals  of  the  Austrian  provinces  of  Italy,  express  doubts  that  peace  will  be  brought  about.  And  even  the  official  journals  of  the  government,  the  Milan  Gazette,  and  the  Official  Gazette,  of  Vienna,  say  exactly  the  same  thing.  People  ask  what  can  the  Austrian  Govern Government  ment Government  mean  by  such  conduct  as  this  ?  The  answer  probably  is,  that  peace  is  so  unpopular  in  Italy,  that  that  government  fears  to  encounter  unpopu unpopularity  larity unpopularity  by  advocating  it.  A  marriage  between  the  King  of  Sardinia  and  the  daughter  of  the  King  of  the  Belgians,  is  again  spoken  of.  From  a  Warsaw  letter  of  the  21st,  I  make  these  quotations  The  streets  are  filled  with  troops  of  beggars,  who  clamorously  insist  ou  having  alms  ;  the  country  districts  rare  also  scoured  by  similar  bands,  whose  prayers  for  charity  strongly  resemble  threats.  There  is,  in  truth,  so  to  speak,  a  veritable  ocean  of  misery  in  this  unfortunate  country.  The  sudden  thawing  of  the  snow  has  caused  it  to  be  feared  that  the  crops  will  be  damaged  again  this  year  as  they  were  last.  We  have  scarcely  any  troops  in  this  city—a  proof  that  the  force  of  the  Russian  army  is  running  low.  We  have,  however,  6000  militia.  When  the  arrival  of  these  '  orthodox'  militia  took  place,  we  expected  to  find  them  composed  of  stalwart  bands,  burning  with  enthusiasm  for  Holy  Russia,  but  they  consist  almost  entirely  of  men  exhausted  by  hunger,  or  weakness,  or  age  ;  most  of  them  had  no  shoes,  all  were  badly  dressed,  and  their  arms  were  de deplorable.  plorable. deplorable.  They  were  headed  by  choristers,  singing  furious  songs  against  the  English,  the  French  and  the  Turks.  The  news  of  the  proba probability  bility probability  of  peace  has  been  received  with  the  liveliest  joy  in  this  city.  First,  because  the  country  groans  under  the  burden  of  war,  and  suffers  from  a  scarcity  of  labour  caused  by  the  immense  number  of  men  it  has  ha.l  to  supply,  and  next  because  Poles  are  delighted  to  see  Russia  hu 'humiliated.'  Accounts  from  Constantinople  to  the  17th  have  reached  Marseilles  to-day.  They  say  that  the  conferences  on  the  Principalities  had  suspended  their  deliberations  as  to  the  political  organisation  of  them,  owing  to  the  English  ambassador  having  pleaded  the  want  of  instructions,  but  that  the  conference  had  begun  to  discuss  the  situation  of  the  Christian  population  of  Turkey.  Dervish  Paella  had  been  sent  off  to  attend  the  Council  of  War.  The  probability  of  peace  has  given,  as  was  to  be  expected,  a  great  impulsion  to  trade  in  this  coun country,  try, country,  and  manufacturers  have  begun  to  renew  pur purchases  chases purchases  of  raw  material  in  the  expectation  of  being  overwhelmed  with  orders.  Those  who  are  accus accustomed  tomed accustomed  to  supply  Russia  have  set  to  work  with  spe special  cial special  alacrity.  It  is  said,  too,  that  it  is  already  proposed  to  bring  forward  the  railway,  and  other  projects,  which,  on  account  of  the  war,  it  was  deemed  prudent  to  suspend.  PARIS,  SATURDAY  EVENING  The  Constitutionnel  publishes  one  of  its  soi-disant  Vienna  letters,  in  which,  reassure  the  English  it  is  stated  that  the  Allies  will  con continue  tinue continue  to  occupy  the  Russian  territory  until  Russia  shall  have  faithfully  fulfilled  all  the  conditions  of  the  treaty  of  peace  which  may  be  concluded.  General  de  Martimprey,  Chief  of  thetStaff  of  the  French  army  of  the  East,  has  left  Paris  to  return  to  the  Ciimea.  He  was  oue  of  the  members  of  the  Committee  of  War.  The  newspapers  say  that  the  portfolio  of  Prince  Mensehikoff,  taken  at  the  battle  of  the  Alma,  and  one  of  the  infernal  machines  of  Jacobi,  fished  up  at  Cronstadt,  have  been  deposited  in  the  Museum  of  Artillery.  The  quantity  of  cotton  sold  at  Havre,  for  the  week  ending  Friday,  was  8,034  bales,  and  that  imported  16,974  bales.  Prices  closed  at,  lfr.  below  the  quotations  of  the  previous  week  for  ordinary  sorts.  M  R  .  JACKSON,  Tug  DONCASTER  PAWNEROKER.—Ifer  Majesty's  pardon,  and  the  warrant  for  the  liberation  of  Mr.  J  ac  k  son  ,  the  Doncaster  pawnbroker,  were  received  at  the  Wakefield  house  of  correction  on  Saturday  morning,  and  were  immediately  communicated  to  the  prisoner,  who  lost  no  time  in  leaving  the  place,  and  was  in  Doncaster  at  half-past  11  o'clock.  During  the  day,  numerous  friends  and  sympa sympathisers  thisers sympathisers  called  upon  Mr.  Jackson  to  offer  him  their  congra congratulations.  tulations. congratulations.  Ile  was  convicted  on  the  6th  of  December,  and  has  been  in  actual  custody  seven  weeks  and  two  days.  It  seems  he  has  never  been  put  to  any  hard  labour,  but  has  had  every  indulgence  the  prison  regulations  would  allow.  LATEST  INTELLIGENCE.  SECOND  EDITION.  POSITION  OF  PRUSSIA  BERLIN,  JANUARY  28  The  participation  of  Prussia  in  the  negotiations  for  peace,  and  in  the  Conference,  is  considered  almost  certain,  France  having  renounced  its  oppo opposition,  sition, opposition,  and  England  alone  still  raising  some  difficulties."
