text
"lief  that  there  exists  no  evils  to  be  remedied,  or  )  be  righted,  is  impossible.  Every  day  scenes  and  occurrence  afford  unmistakeable  evi  1,  very  few,  if  an  3  the  hardi  tem  is  tar  fix  d  to  d  But  it  is  one  thing  •emoving  i  Ire  IA  hich  r  and  the  ad  overlooked  by  the  majprity  of  about  )ple,  viz.,  the  keep  ing  open,  until  a  late  hour,  of  the  business  estab  lishinents  in  our  cities  and  towns.  True,  some  be  polis,  and  elsewhere,  to  set  on  foot  an  early  closing  movement,  which,  although  partially  successful  in  some  quarters,  has,  in  the  main,  proved  a  melan  choly  failure.  This  result  is  easily  accounted  for  en  made  in  the  wrong  direction  'ew  tradesmen,  nd  not  the  public,  took  the  mat-  ter  in  hand  ;  and  of  course  the  i  sue  was  unsuccess  the  meed  of  praise  is  justly  due  t  individuals  ids  confined  within  the  narrow  area  of  n  hours  together,  plying  their  monotonous  tasks,  exposed  the  while  to  influene€  highly  obnoxiou  repeat,  to.)  physical  relief  for  evil  of  hese  r  eariti  burin(  m  and  main  a  clog  to  commei  ingh  under  the  nu  effect  of  this  the  la  those  of  other  peoph  lion's  share  of  tl  of  du  of  the  world  In  this  in  iat  your  hui  ;e  of  Mayor  of  this  hat  municipal  bod;  :c9py  a  1  ust  it  I  le  the  1  ictive  laws  was  the  monopol  lobe  were  tied  down  to  )  prejudicial  to  universal  commerce  ;az  -  The  British  Coloni  cession  to  the  very  heart  of  their  pros  They  complained  from  time  to  tim  lippex  for  want  of  British  vessels  in  port  irged  d  waiting,  foreign  vessels  were  on  the  spot,  offering  to  take  the  goods  for  less  than  half  the  Brit British  ish British  charges  ;  and  some  of  the  goods  being  perishable,  they  became  worthless  before  a  British  vessel  turned  up.  They  alleged  fur further,  ther, further,  that  British  bottoms  having  the  monopoly,  and  frequently  being  overloaded  thereby,  tumbled  in  the  goods  at  heads  and  points,  and,  for  the  want  of  care,  frequently  ruined  or  injured  them,  before  reaching  the  destined  port.  In  vain  were  there  complaints—the  law  stood  out  against  the  help helpless  less helpless  Colonists,  and  they  could  not  rail  the  seal  from  off  the  But  the  complaints  were  by  by  no  means  limited  to  the  colonies  and  foreign  nations.  Even  in  the  ports  of  England,  many  merchants  declared  that  there  were  sundry  articles  for  transportation  was  not  so  i.  This  monopoly,  therefore,  proved  a  hurtful  check  to  trade,  felt  injuriously  by  a  great  body  of  men.  When  the  nation  came  to  its  nses,  and  abolished  the  corn-laws,  and  reduced  the  duty  on  many  of  the  nec(  soon  perceived  that  the  navigation  la  were  virtually  repealed  kccord-  And  what  has  been  ti  periment  ?  Let  the  pro  Ali  bottoms—why,  this  is  the  very  state  of  s  intended  to  be  produced  by  the  repeal  of  It  was  to  create  a  noble  emulation--  in  the  carrying  bnsiness,  so  that  millions  of  pounds  should  be  yearly  added  to  the  commerce  of  the  country.  And  no  sooner  was  that  rivalship  opened,  than  trade  assumed.a  new  vigour,  and  the  com commerce  merce commerce  of  the  empire  has  increased  more  than  30  per  cent.  But  this  rivaiship,  moreover,  has  had  a  direct  tendency  to  improve  British  shipping.  Shipowners  perceived  that  they  had  got  active  competitors  on  the  high  seas,  and  they  at  once  brushed  up,  and  trimmed  sail,  to  meet  the  emer-  thful  rivalship,  among  the  nation  gency.  Look  at  the  splendid  shipping  now  crowd crowding  ing crowding  the  ports  of  the  kingdom  !  England  may  well  be  proud  of  its  mercantile  navy,  and  exalt  in  the  abrogation  of  the  navigation  laws.  If  opening  the  ports  and  foreign  corn  brought  - STYLE=superscript  tbout  a  higher  state  of  agriculture,  so  the  open  sea  and  open  harbours  to  the  ships  of  all  nations,  hav(  superinduced  a  similar  improvement  in  the  British  maritime.  If  British  bottoms  do  not  get.their  due  share  of  the  carrying  trade  of  the  world,  (which  we  think  they  do)  they  have  but  to  improve  their  vessels  more  and  more—to  increase  speed,  and  reduce  charges,  to  triumph  in'the  rivalship.  'Eng-  land  has  long  received,  as  she  has  well  deserved,  the  designation  of  OF  THE  OCEAN  and  possessing  a  maritime  far  superior  to  any  in  the  world,  she  need  have  no  fears  in  her  trial  with  other  nations.  If  her  ships  are  bettor  fitted  up  and  manned  than  others—if  by  her  superior  models  and  nautical  skill  she  - STYLE=superscript  can  make  the  voyage  quicker  —if  she  carefully  preserve  the  goods  committed  to  carrying  trade,  despite  the  (  Ind  tc  —is  equally  prejudicial  to  the  ountry  practising  it,  as  to  the  The  Navigation  Laws  were  the  product  of  semi semibarbarous  barbarous semibarbarous  stupidity  ;  they  originated  while  the  nation  was  yet  in  the  morning  twilight  of  the  dark  ages  ;  and  their  repeal  has  opened  the  most  glo  rious  triumph  of  progression  over  a  purblind  policy,  —giving  for  the  future,  brilliant,  cheering,  and  enduring  Promise.  PRESENTATION  OF  THE  SILVER  CRADLE  TO  MRS.  LITTLEDALE.  Yesterday  evening,  a  number  of  gentlemen  proceedei  six  o'clock,  to  Highfield  House,  the  residence  of  The]  Littledale,  Esq.,  ex-Mayor,  for  the  purpose  of  present  to  his  lady  a  silver  cradle.  The  present  was  made  in  ace(  ance  with  an  old  and  time-honoured  custom,  which  ordi  such  a  gift  shall  be  given  to  the  lady  of  every  ma  shall  give  birth  to  a  child  during  the  period  of  his  ofi  e  been  doubly  enhanced  in  addition  to  the  many  other  pleasing  circumstances  tendant  on  it,  it  will  also  commemorate  the  birth  of  a  and  heir.  Among  the  gentlemen  p:  nised,  were  the  Mayor,  T.  B.  Horsfall,  Es,  ,  Lloyd,  Esq.,  S.  M.  Meller,  Esq.,  T.  E.  Moss,  I  Bold,  Esq.,  J.  R.  M'Guffie,  Esq.,  J.  Thornton,  Esq  n  the  company  had  all  assembled  in  the  dra  endid  The  MAYOR,  111  -presentin  ent  whom  we  re(  M.P.  ;  First,  it  is  an  old  and  (  us  by  ow  tegtors,  Ywnsmen  should  lOin  in  t  Second  at  position  of  chairman  of  the  Liverpc  ,nd  also  when  he  was  elevated  to  the  hi;  indepelider  ich  I  have  the  honour  to  represent  I  their  v  ,y  not  only  to  admire  feats  ig  performed  in  the  cause  of  suffering  humanity  1,  or  on  land,  but  also  to  reco►nise  and  lid  whether  a  man  - STYLE=superscript  is  called_  upon  to  or  a  jeasant,  domestic  excelleuCe  .b  1  alia  - STYLE=superscript  ys  enjoy  the  conf  teem  of  Wishing  that  - STYLE=superscript  you  and  Mr.  Littledale  may  be  the  of  vi  present  you  with  this  cradl  hen  they  look  upon  it  in  after  years,  may  rejoice  at  the  es esmation  mation esmation  in  _  which  their  parents  were  held,  and  may  be  imulated  thereby  to  imitate  such  MTS.  LITTLEDALI  havinr  ac  late  which  I  hpincr  •  —Mr.  Marc  1,  it  must  .seiore  .1  V.  HUDSON  )e  an  of  m  of  all  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  COUNTY  CO  UM"
