text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  of  wages  has  increased  also,  not  unfrequently  ac accompanied  companied accompanied  .by  a  cliam  for  larger  periods  of  leisure.  At  the  present  moment,  the  strikes  which  are  taking  place  in  almest  every  dePartment  of  labour,through labour,throughout  out labour,throughout  the  'Kingdom,  are  suggestive  of  consequences  of  no  less  vital  interest  to  the  parties  concerned  in  them,  than  to  their  employers,  and  the  community  at  large.  The  evils,  then,  accruing  front'  these  strikes,  may  be  regarded'  in  a  threefold  vie  W—as  affecting  those  on  strike,  those.  by  :  whom  they  had  been  employed  ;  and  the  general  interests  of  society.  As  •regaiAs.the  first  point,  With  which  we  would  no*  deal,  we  fear  that  if  the  consideration  of  their  own  true  interests,  and  the  daily  experience  each  man  must  be  painfully  gathering,  of  not  only  the.  inutility  )  but  suicidal  tendency  of  such  movements,  have  no  preventive  or  certain'  effects,  argument,  however  cogent,  will  prove  of  but  little  avail.  Nevertheless,  it  is  most  certain  that  'the  labouring  classes,-  those  poSsesSed  of  the  smallest  amount  of  capital  on  which  to  fall  back,  are  and  must  be  the  first  to  suffer.  Let  them  look,  for  instance,  at  the  consequences  'of  the  strikes  of  the  pitmen  in  the  coal  mines  felt  .  hitherto  less  in  Liverpool  and  places  :  similarly  situated,.  than  in  .  the  'Metropolis,  and  other  more  •  remote  districts  to  which  coal  is  imported.  The  poor  in  Londonare-now  payingls.  6d.  a  sack  more  for  coal  than  they  had  to  pay  in  the  corresponding  period  of  the  last  year.  This  is  - STYLE=superscript  truly  a  fearful  state  of  things,  now  that  winter  is  approaching,  with  more  than'a  common  call  for  such  a  necessary  article  of  existence  as  fuel.  Here,  then,  the  evil  falls  pri primarily  marily primarily  and  principally  on  those,  and  their  fellows,  with  whom  it  'originated.  'The  increase  in  price  May,  indeed—for  vre  will  deal  fairly  with  the  ques  tion—be  partly  attributable  to  the  increase  0:  tonnage,  but  only  to  a  comparatively  small  extent  and,  at  any  rate,  the  price  of  coal  in  .  Liverpool  and  other  places  in  the  close  vicinity  of  coal  mines  would  be  but  slightly  effected  thereby.  But  strikes  are  followed  by  other  consequences  of  as  injuriouS'a  tendency  to  the  .  labourer.  It  is  on  record,  that  pitmen,  whose  demands  for  higher  wages  have  been  complied  with  finding,  that  they  can  now  earn  as  much  money  in  Six  hours  as  they  previously  earned  in  eight,  refuse  to  work  any  longer,  and  .  too  generally  spend  .  their  .  extra  time  and  their'  money  in  drunkenness  and  dissipation,  as  utterly  regardless  of  their  employers'  as  of  their  own  Teal-interests.  Again,  the  confidence  which  should  subsist  be between  tween between  Mater  and  servant  is  altogether  destroyed  by  these  strikes,  and  a  reflex,  or  double  evil,  is  thereby  effected..  The  late  proceedings  in  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  afford  a  curious  exemplification  of  this  fact.  It  seems,-  that  certain  operatives  th  e  r  e  ,  b  y  whom  a  second  demand  for  an  additional  10  per  cent.  on  their  wages  had  been  made,  expreSsed  .themselves  willing  to  resume  their  work,  after  having  thrownit  up  in  consequence  of  the  rejection  of  their  demand;  but  they  were  met  by  their  em employers  ployers employers  with  the  intimation,  'that  they  could  not  be  received  again  into  their  service,  unless  the  10  per  cent.  granted  to  their  first  demands  was  sur surrendered.  rendered. surrendered.  To,  such  :  it  is  not  im improbable  probable improbable  that  strikes  generally  will  collie  at  last,  and  in  this  way  things  may  again  find  their  level.  But  in  the  meantime,  how  may  the  character.  of  the  labouring  class  deteriorate  ;  what  sufferings  and  privations—not  the  less  grievous  for  being  self-inflicted—may  they,  not  have  to  undergo— undergowhat  what undergowhat  fearful  consequences  may  ensue  to  capitalists capitalists-what  -what capitalists-what  annoyance  to  the  generalpublic  ?  That  the  operatives  themselves  are  awakening  to  a  sense  'of  such  evils,  is  probable  ;  and  a  document  lately  published  in  the  NonTidnx  DAlrx  TIMES,  seems  to  countenance  such  a  supposition.  It  was  subthitted  by  the  Committee  'appointed  to  prepare  it  to  a  large  Meeting  of  delegates,  held  at  the  Tem Temperance  perance Temperance  Hall,  Preston,  and  is  entitled  .  Protec Protection.  tion. Protection.  .  of  Co-operative.  Self  ,  After  alleging,  with  what  degree  of  truth  we  will  not  pauSe  to  enqUire,  that  -(in  the  'Cotton  trade)  the  employers  - STYLE=superscript  of  labour  have  reaped  princely  fortunes,  while  the  labourer  has  not  enjoyed  his  fair  share  of  that  the  small  advantages  which  the  toilers  have  obtained,  have  been  wrung  from  the  grasp  of  the  employers  that  operatives  will  have  to.  wrench  from  unwilling  hands,  their  share  of  the  blessings  flowing  from  prosperity  asserting  the.  deSire.  of  the  operative  put  an  end  .to  an  unceasing  and  expressing  a  belief  that  the  elements  of  a  better  order  of  things  exists  in  their  own  ranks;  after  giving  also  various  statistical  detailS,  among  which  the  enormous  ex expense  pense expense  incurred  in  the  support  of  the  strikes  at  Southport  and  other  places,  stands  out  conspicu7  ously,  the  document  proceeds  to  urge,  or  rather  to  announce,  the  establishment  of  co-operative  mills  as  the  onlypermanent  plan  of  elevating  the  laborer  in  the  social  According  to  the  Utopian  ideas  of  the  parties  from  whom  this  document  emanates,  a  sum  would,  after  the  lapse  of  a  few  years;  be  realized,  which  would  build  mills  and  workshops  in  every  town  and  village,  which  would  give  the  co-operative  labourer  a  . STYLE=superscript  position  in  the  markets  of  the  world  that  would  ultimately  raise  him  from,  the  degradation  and  wages  of  serfdom  which  have  too  long  been  his  These  vast  re-  '  sults,  it  appears,  are,  according  to  the  delegates  at  Preston,  to  be  effected  by  funds  to  be  raised  in'  £lO  shares,  by  _weekly  contributions  of  Now,  whatever  we  may  think  of  the  probabilities  of  the  realization  of  such  anticipations  ;  whatever  may  .  be  our  opinion  as  to  the  present  relative  status  of  the  operative  and  his  employer,  we  feel  well  assured  that  this  Preston  manifestation,  as  compared  with  the  strikes  now  so  general,  is  inno inno...  ... inno...  .  .  .  eence,  nay,  excellence  itself.  If  the  operatives  will  but  persevere  in  doing  their  duty  in  that  station  of  .life  to  which  it  has  pleased  Providence  to  call  them,  without  following  up,  at  the  bidding  of  every  caprice,  a,  word  with  a  blow,  or  rather  a.  strike,  there  can  be  no  objection  to  weekly  contributions  of  sixpence,  until  such  a  sum  has  accumulated  as  will,  erect  co-operative  mills  all  the  world  over.  However  visionary  and  castle-in-the-air  like  such  a  project  maybe  ;  the  evils  resulting  from  Strikes,  are  'only  too  real—too  truly.  injurious  to  the  vital  interests  of  the  operative,  and,  too  clearly  produc productive  tive productive  of  annoyance.  to  society  in  general.  .  HEALTH  OF  THE  TOWN.—Last  evening,  a  general  meeting  of  the  Medical  Relief  Committ  ee  o  the  Select  Vestry,  was  held  at  the  Parochial  Offices,  Brownlow-hill.  Mr.  Bradley,  the  chairman  of  the  committee  presided,  and  there  were  also  present  Mr.  Churchwarden  Hutchinson,  and  Messrs.  Hand,  Shaw,  Kitchen,  and  Troughton.  The  report  of  the  medical  officers  was  highly  satisfactory,  as  to  the  health  of  the  town.  It  appeared  that  there  had  only  been  eleven  simple  eases  of  diarrhoea  since  the  evening  of  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  last,  and  no  case  of  cholera.  Of  the  emigrants  received  into  the  Workhouse  during  the  past  fortnight,  eighteen  only  remained  under  medical  treatment  yesterday.  From  another  account,  made  up  to  nine  o'clock  last  evening,  and  which  we  received  after  writing  the  above,  it  will  be  perceived  that  there  is  a  slight  discrepancy  in  the  two  'reports,  though  not  tcl  any  material  extent..  It  appears  that  one  case  of  cholera  was  adniitted  to  the  workhouse  hospital  on  Sunday,  from  Denison-street,  .and  yesterday  an  Irish  labourer,  who  ar arrived  rived arrived  in  town  a  few  days  ago  as  an  emirrrant,  was  removed  to  the  hospital  from  Carlton-street.  One  death  only  oc occurred  curred occurred  in  the  hospital  during,  Sunday  and  yesterday.  OV:ERtAYING  CHlLD.—Yesterday  morning,  a  child  named  William  Eagan,  was  found  'dead  in  its  bed,  in  Wea Weatherhall-place,  therhall-place, Weatherhall-place,  Chapel-lane  Bedford-street,  Toxteth-p  ar  k.  It  is  'supposed  that  its  m  o  th  er  must  have  accidentally  lain  upon  it  during  the  night.  LIVERPOOL  DISTRICT  COIIRT  OF  DANKRUPTCY--ht  •re  DUQNALL  AND  FAIRCLOUGH.—The  bankrupts  in  this  case  camebefore  the  court  (AI  their  adirpied  last  examina',  i STYLE=superscript  ffgn.  Airs.  Dugnall  passed'  her  laAt-  examination.'  The  bankrupt  Fairclough  was  examined  at  great  length,  and  his  examination  was  again  adjourned  to  Friday  next."
