text
"THE  NEW  n  cons,  New  Stamp  Act,  the  following  queries  were  submitted  by  a  firm  in  the  City  points  connected  with  thi  .the  purchase  of  goods  for  money  over  the  shop  or  elsewhere,  where  no  bill  is  desired  or  re  a  stamped  receipt  should  the  purchase  ex-  counter  of  Does  a  stamp  attached  to  the  back  of  a  common  banker's  cheque,  and  written  over  with  the  name  of  the  party  receiving  the  money,  fulfil  the  requirements  of  the  new  - STYLE=superscript  act,  as  to  the  use  of  the  stamp  ?  I  have  just  settled  two  accounts  ;  one  person  required  the  stamp  to  be  attached  to  the  back  of  the  banker's  cheque,  drawn  in  the  usual  form,  and  my  name  written  over  it  ;  the  other  required  the  stamp  to  be  affixed  to  the  bottom  of  the  account,  and  written  over  it  in  the  same  __  _  Mr.  R.  W.  Wilbraham,  by  direction  of  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  .has  given  the  annexed  replies  :  1.  That  whatever  pecuniary  transactions  have  hitherto  required  a  receipt-stamp  when  amounting  to  £5,  will  now  require  the  penny  receipt  stamp  when  amounting  to  40s.  and  upwards,  the  a  lt  era  ti  on  ma  d  e  b  y  th  e  recen  t  act  of  Par Parliament  liament Parliament  consisting  in  fixing  the  price  of  stamps  at  ld.  and  altering  the  amount  of  th  e  transactions  requiring  a  ;tamp  from  £5  to  40s.  2.  That  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  apprehends  that  either  a  cheque,  or  any  piece  of  p  a  p  er  with  a  receipt receiptstamp  stamp receiptstamp  attached,  suffices  for  a  valid  A  question  having  also  been  raised  whether  a  letter  by  post  acknowledging  the  receipt  of  bills  of  exchange,  &amp;c.,  required  a  stamp,  a  correspondent  refers  a  contemporary  to  the  65th  of  Geo.  111.,  c.  184,  by  which  letters  by  the  general  post,  acknowledging  the  arrival  of  any  bills  of  ex exchange,  change, exchange,  promissory  notes,  or  other  securities  for  are  specially  exempted  from  stamp  duty,  and  such  exemp exemptions  tions exemptions  are  declared  by  the  new  act  to  be  still  in  force.—Ship.  ping  Gazette  THE  POOR  LAWS.—Last  year  the  expense  of  the  establishment  for  the  administration  of  the  Poor  Laws  mounted  to  £203,261.  —We  'ward  that  there  is  a  prospect  of  this  quarrel  being  rs  by  the  end  of  the  -:BLOCK  Pit  1,  by  the  r  NEW  CLOTHING  FOR  THE  ARMY.—It  is  arranged  that  no  change  shall  be  made  in  the  uniform  of  the  army  for  the  year  commencing  Ist  April  next.—Naval  and  Military  LORD  CARDIGAN'S  SCREW-YACTH  STEAMER.—We  hear  that  his  lordship  intends  to  build  a  screw-yacht  for  the  Kimrstown  sailinz  next  year.  The  cost  is  to  be  X  10,000.—  ed  Service  Gazett,  THE  HERRING  SEASON.—SOMe  of  what  are  called  our  long-shore  boats  have  brought  in  a  considerable  quan quantity  tity quantity  of  herrings,  as  many  as  2,000  and  3,000  in  a  boat,  which,  although  small,  were  exceedingly  delicious.—Brighton  Gazette.  THE  COLLEGE  OF  SURGEONS.—The  improvements  at  the  Royal  College  of  Surgeons  are  nearly  completed.  In  the  last  session,  as  appears  by  a  recently  issued  Parlia Parliamentary  mentary Parliamentary  paper,  £15,000  was  paid  for  enlarging  the  theatre  of  the  college.  A  rude  box,  containing  the  body  of  a  still-born  child,  was  thrown  over  the  wall  of  the  Southern  Necropolis  a  few  days  ago  ;  and  there  it  was  found  by  a  coal  porter  on  the  morning  of  Saturday  last.—Glasgow  North  British  Daily  Main  TWEED  SALMON  FISHING.—The  fishings  in  the  Tweed  closed  on  Saturday.  The  season  has  been  neither  the  best  nor  the  worst  of  recent  seasons.  It  has  been  de decidedly  cidedly decidedly  better  than  that  of  1852,  which  was  probably  the  worst  on  record,  the  produce  amounting  to  fully  two-fifths  POSTAGE  STAMPS.—It  appears  that  in  the  year  ended  the  sth  January  last  the  poundage  on  the  sale  of  postage  stamps  amounted  to  £18,142,  and  in  the  preceding  .StaMp  Act  the  POstmaster:.  Ives  to  sell  postage  stamps  General  eau'  authorize  the  enq  without  a  licens  MEMOIRS  OF  PRISONERS.—The  Rev.  H.  S.  Jo Joph,  ph, Joph,  chaplain  of  Chester  Castle,  has  just  published  a  small  which  cannot  fail  to  be  read  with  attention  by  all  who  are  interested  in  the  cause  of  crime,  and  the  reforma-  Pin  elopement  took  place  from  the  banks  of  the  Tay,  on  Monday,  the  3rd  current—a  subaltern  of  a  Highland  regiment  haying  carried  off  a  young  lady  of  fortune,  from  her  father's  mansion.  He  was  accompanied  by  a  clergyman,  and  it  is  understood  they  fled  to  Edinburgh  where  the  knot  was  tied.  —Edinburgh  Witness.  ELOPEMENT  It  is  shown  by  a  MP..  that  in  THE  ABOLITION  OF  SLAVERY  late  return,  obtained  by  Mr.  W.  Williams,  the  year  enc  Led  the  sth  of  anuary,  last  t  )Ounty  on  slaves,  payment  to  commissioners  to  prevent  traffic  in  slaves,  and  bills  drawn  on  account  of  captured  negroes,  amounted  to  £90,784,  which  was  paid  out  of  the  public  revenue.  A  PROFITABLE  INTESTMENT.—A  Hambilro  Ql  ,4 STYLE=superscript  r.  owner  lately  pureintbea  or  Luc  Danish.  government  a  ship  of  war,  the  Freia,  for  21,000  thalers  (£3,150.)  The  vessel  is  boing  onnverted  into  a  merchant-man,  in  Copenhagen,  and  will  sail  direct  from  there  to  LOTIOuu,  it  Is  said  to  be  already  chartered  for  £9,  000 STYLE=superscript  for  a  voyage  to  California.  THE  AUSTRIAN  ARMY.  According  to  as  exact  a  calculation  as  can  be  made,  the  reduction  in  the  Austrian  army  says  the  Lloyd  of  Vienna,  amount  to  100,000  men.  This  measure  will  procure  to  the  treasury  a  saving  of  25,000,000  florins  a-year,  without  calculating  the  saving  which  will  arise  from  the  diminution  of  the  number  of  horses.  _  _  INQUESTS  AT  MANCHESTER.  —  (Before  E.  Herford,  Esq.,'City  Coroner).----At  the  Red  Lion,  in  Deansgate,  on  the  body  of  Edward  Smallwood,  2  cellar,  Liverpool  Road,  aged  21  years,  who  came  to  his  death  on  the  15th  inst.,  by  some  hot  tea  falling  on  him.  Verdict,  Accidental  the  same  place,  on  the  body  of  John  Hope,  of  17,  Commerce  Street,  aged  49  years,  who  came  to  his  death  by  a  fall  at  the  engine-house  of  Messrs.  Annies  &amp;  Broadbent,  of  the  Egerton  mill  Gaythorn,  on  the  18th  inst.  Verdict,  Accidental  the  same  place,  on  the  body  of  George  Wain Wainwright,  wright, Wainwright,  of  12,  Springfield,  aged  5  months,  who  got  burned  by  falling  out  of  his  mother's  arms,while  asleep,  on  the  fire fireplace.  place. fireplace.  Verdict,  Accidental  THE  COAL  AND  IRON  TRADE—The  coal  trade  is  remarkably  brisk,  and  everything  that  is  drawn  out  of  the  pits  is  eagerly  seized  upon  by  parties  who  are  waiting  at  the  wharves.  The  indefinite  statements  in  the  daily  papers,  which  say,  the  coal  colliers  are  on  the  cause  a  great  confusion,  as  such  is  not  strictly  the  fact,  and  much  inconvenience  occurs  to  parties  who  see  the  reports,  and  come  from  a  distance  to  Dudley  and  the  surrounding  dis districts  tricts districts  to  know  when  they  are  likely  to  commence  work  again,  when,  to  their  astonishment,  they  find  other  colliers  at  work  west  of  Dudley—which  fact  should  be  distinctly  stated  by  all  the  reports  prepared  for  the  press,  in  order  that  it  may  not  be  misled  itself,  nor  mislead  others.  The  ironmasters  have  held  their  quarterly  meetings  this  week,  which  have  been  well  attended,  and  the  prices  agreed  upon  are  to  remain  the  same  as  they  were  last  quarter,  viz  :—Bars,  £9;  rails,  £io;  and  sheet,  £ll  per  ton  ;  hot  blast  mine  pigs  are  fetching  £4  7s.  6d.,  and  cold  blast,  £4  17s.  6d.  ;  and  good  ironstone  19s.  per  ton.  They  have,  at  their  quarterly  meetings,  also  unanimously  agreed  to  resist  any  attempts  on  the  part  of  the  thick  coal  colliers,  thin  coal,  and  stone  men,  for  an  ad advance  vance advance  of  wages.—  Wolverhampton  Herald.  313irtbil,  Otarriagol,  aiZ  i'  tatb4.  BIRTH.  On  the  17th  inst.,  at  St.  Andrews,  Edinburgh,  the  wife  of  the  Rev.  Professor  Mitchell,  of  a  son.  MARRIAGES  On  the  17th  inst.,  at  Bletchington,  by  the  Rev.  W.  Dyott,  William  Linskill,  Esq.,  of  Tynemouth  House,  Northumber Northumberland,  land, Northumberland,  to  the  Hon.  Frances  Annesley,  second  daughter  of  the  Viscount  Valentia.  On  the  18th  inst.,  at  Sephton  Church,  by  the  Rev.  J.  Jones,  Robert,  son  of  the  late  Mr.  T.  Haddock,  of  Warrington,  to  Margaret  Shanklin,  daughter  of  the  late  Mr.  W.  Spence,  sculptor,  of  Liverpool.  On  the  18th  inst.,  at  St.  Bride's,  by  the  Rev.  W.  Falloon,  Mr.  R.  Smith,  to  Ann  Jane,  danghter  of  the  late  Mr.  G.  Hodg Hodgson,  son, Hodgson,  and  grand-daughter  of  R.  Hodson,  Esq.,  of  Liverpool.  On  the  18th  inst.,  at  Bidston,  by  the  Rev.  J.  King,  rector  of  Woodchurch,  Richard,  eldest  son  of  James  Powell,  Esq.,  Clifton-park,  Birkenhead,  to  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  the  late  Rev.  Jos.  Gate,  incumbent  of  Bidston.  On  the  18th  inst.,  at  Trinity  Church,  Marylebone,  by  the  Reverend  Freeman  H.  Bishop,  William  Henry  Mangles,  Esq.,  50th  (Queen's  Own)  Regiment,  only  son  of  Robert  Mangles,  Esq.,  of  Sunningdale,  to  Emily  Ellen,eldest  daughter  of  Captain  Henry  Mangles  Denham,  her  Majesty's  ship  Herald,  now  on  an  exploring  expedition  to  the  South  Pacific.  On  the  19th  inst.,  at  St.  George's,  Hanover-square,  by  the  Right  Rev.  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Cape  Town,  assistec)d  by  the  Rev.  John  Harris,  cousin  of  the  bride,  Peter  Gerherd  Vander  Byl,  Esq.,  of  Cape  Town,  eldest  son  of  the  late  Hon.  Peter  Voltelin  Vander  Byl,  of  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope,  to  Celina  Euphemia,  eldest  daughter  of  Phillip  Patton  Blyte,  Esq.,  of  Upper  \Vimpole.street,  Cavendish-square.  On  the  19th  inst.,  at  Battersea  Old  Church,  by  the  Rev.  Henry  Lewis,  M.A.,  Charles  George,  eldest  surviving  son  of  the  late  Dr.  Llewellyn,  surgeon,  of  the  40th  Bengal  Native  Infantry,  to  Elizabeth  Isabella,  second  daughter  of  Griffith  Protheroe,  Esq.,  surgeon,  Narberth,  in  the  county  of  Pem Pembroke.  broke. Pembroke.  DEATHS.  On  the  17th  ult.,  at  Bermuda,  of  yellow  fever,  Marian,  the  beloved  r.  n  d  amiable  wife  of  Major  Oakley,  of  the  36th  Regi Regiment,  ment, Regiment,  and  half-sister  of  the  late  Lord  Kingsdale.  Lately,  at  Dublin,  R.  Cooper,  Esq.,  principal  of  the  Consoli Consolidated  dated Consolidated  Writ  Office  for  the  Law  Courts.  The  vacant  situation  is  reported  to  bo  worth  £7OO  or  £BOO  a-year.  On  the  13th  inst.,  at  Hooe-lodge,  Sussex,  in  her  24th  year,  Frances  Elizabeth,  youngest  daughter  of  the  late  John  Jones,  Esq.,  of  Liverpool,  and  of  Berwyn-house,  Llangollen,  On  the  17th  inst.,  aged  34,  Mary,  mile  of  Mr.  R.  E.  Archer,  113,  Mulberry-street.  On  the  19th  inst.,  at  Everton,  aged  87,  Mary,  relict  of  the  late  111.,.  Thomas  Appleton.  On  the  19th  inst.,  in  Green-lane,  West  Derby,  aged  33,  Jane  Eliza,  the  beloved  wife  of  Mr.  Humphrey  Roberts.  P3_TB00172 Pr  ey' STYLE=superscript  0  10  1 STYLE=superscript  dlianb  P3_TB00173 Lll  end  Th  a STYLE=superscript  ¢i  A  P3_TB00174 apP  r STYLE=superscript  ;  upII  Cl  P3_TB00175 3  to  P3_TB00176 beer'lol6  ha  d STYLE=superscript  b  re STYLE=superscript  Ait  P3_TB00177 p  a  '  1)0  7 STYLE=superscript  Lad  'II  P3_TB00178 =poi  of  11 STYLE=superscript  41  , STYLE=superscript  sulti  P3_TB00179 co'  e  y  a  (I  a  collo.  „  P3_TB00180 40  6 STYLE=superscript  '  atel  P3_TB00181 c  , STYLE=superscript  r  .of`  POLICE  COURTS  YESTERDAY  LI  VERPO  OI  SISTERLY  AFFECTION.—Thomas  Ready,  Thomas  Wynne,  1  Ellis  Jones,  three  very  little  fellows,  were  charged  with  aling  eight  lbs.  of  copper  bolts,  on  Wednesday  morning,  m  No.  2,  Graving  dock.  The  officer  in  addition,  found  te  lbs.  more  concealed  on  P.  He  detected  ft  s  hiding  under  two  ships,  at  present  undergoing  —the  American  and  the  Daniel  Grant.  A  pretty,  ssed  little  girl  of  twelve  years  old  came  forward,  Atterl  and  stated,  that  she  was  sister  of  the  small small  - small  lad  a STYLE=superscript  ,  Ellis  ones,  and  that,  he  had  been  enticed  away  on  .dnesday  by  a  bigger  boy,  who  came  whistling  for  him  ;  ;eel  of  him  not  to  g:  Why  is  yom..  not  here  ?  Girl  :  She  said,  it  was  no  use,  Sir.  Does  your  brother  go  to  school  ?  Girl  :  Our  ,  so  we  can't  afford  to  send  him  to  school.  The  istrate  remanded  two  of  the  lads  till  this  day,  and  yed  the  girl,  who  had  so  good-naturedly  followed  h  )rother,  to  take  him  home.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  OF  PROVISIONS  zis  Ann  Ush  , STYLE=superscript  ard  Hod  Elizabeth  Smith  on,  and  Lawrenc  at  labourers  .ed  with  being  the  parties  to  stealing  a  quantity  rovisions,  consisting  of  six  tierces  of  beef,  and  six  barrels  Irk,  the  property  of  Messrs.  Currie  and  Newton,  wine  spirit  merchants,  3,  Andsell-street,  and  stolen  from  their  s  in  Moore-street.  On  Wednesday  evening,  an  officer  ird,  in  Bow-street,  kept  by  a  named  Haves,  and  upon  enquiry,  found  that  the  casks  rved  the  casks  in  a  coal-  brought  there  in  a  car,  wAiehouse  room  having  bespoken  for  them,  the  day  before  by  the  male  pn-  Hs.  The  females  were  with  them.  A  clerk  in  the  Ja  proved  that  the  brands  on  their  casks  had  been  shaved  f.  The  mark  on  the  salt  beef  was  George  Dominch  ;  hat  on  the  French  pork  was  in  figures.  The  casks  were  the  property  of  his  employers.  All  the  male  prisoners  had  been  in  the  employment  of  the  firm  till  within  the  last  few  weeks,  and  John  fisher  up  to  the  day  of  the  r  of  them  had,  before  this,  been  concerned  of  whiskey  )bbery.  One  fling  a  bottle  that  he  saw  tt  he  yard  in  Bo  a,  and  two  female  prison  iged  in  shaving  off-  the  brands  from  the  ca  ings  were  also  identified  as  the  brands.  Awn  t  Informations  for  Quarter  S,  rrested  the  prisoners.  Ind  the  sions  were  ordere"
