text
"EASTERN  WAR.  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.]  LATEST  INTELLIGENCE.  TRIESTE,  Nov.  16TH.  By  the  Africs  we  have  Constantinople  news  of  7 STYLE=superscript  th•  A  new  project  of  note  arrived  yesterday  Morning,  with  instructions  to  the  English  and  French  Envoys  to  recommend  it  to  be  a  decided  objection  on  the  part  of  the  Porte  to  its  being  'fined.  The  city  is  perfectly  tranquil.  Several  Russian  prisoners  of  war  arrived  from  l STYLE=superscript  atoun,  and  more  are  expected.  The  Fort  of  Chckwetit,  taken  by  the  Turks  Oct.  28th,  contained  2,000  stand  of  arms  and  1,000  Men.  A.  small  Turkish  squadron  is  cruising  in  the  Black  Sea.  Two  British  and  two  French  line  of  battle  ships  are  lying  off  Therapea.  For  the  pre present  sent present  no  further  reinforcements  are  expected  from  th  e  Dardanelles.  Exchange  on  London,  1:)6.  The  Times  states  in  a  leading  article,  that  it  has  40  reason  to  doubt  the  perfect  good  faith,  and  generally  good  information  of  the  correspondent  from  whom  it  received  the  startling  despatch  published  on  the  2nd  edition  of  Wednesday,  but  it  confines  itself  for  the  present  to  the  discussion  of  the  news  that  has  arrived  through  more  certain  ob.annels.  After  doing  this  and  expressing  surprise  at  the  strange  inferiority  of  the  Russian  force  the  article  concludes  by  saying  that  all  the  known  facts  tend  (*show  the  news  of  a  decisive  Turkish  victory  under  the  walls  of  Bucharest,  intrinsically  possible  ;  and  the  Times  trusts  soon  to  be  able  fully  to  confirm  it.  Advices  from  Constantinople  of  the  17  ult.,  state  The  Sultan  has  received  the  title  of  A  Turkish  squadron  has  sailed  into  the  Black  Rea.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  '2l,  Oxford-street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establishment,  19,  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  THURSDAY,  NOVEMBER  17,  MS,"
