text
"ITax,  all  of  which  may  be  taken  as  fairly  repre representing  senting representing  the  commercial  condition  of  the  country.  Now,  our  object  in  going  thus  minutely  into  this  subject,  is  to  show  there  are  fixed  laws  to  which  all  our  financial  operations  must  succumb  ;  and  we  do  not  hesitate  to  assert,  that  if  the  present  rates  of  interest  are  continued,  the  Revenue  for  the  Ist  quarter  of  1856,  will  very  little  exceed  11,000,0001.,  or  the  sum  received  for  the  corresponding  period  of  1854.  After  expending  within  the  year  64,457,993  K.,  there  was  a  deficiency  of  3,879,7501.  to  be  made  up  by  an  issue  of  Exchequer  Bills  to  pay  dividends  and  other  charges  payable  on  the  ending  the  31st  of  March,  and  this,  after  the  16,000,000/Joan  had  been  received  and  ac accounted  counted accounted  for.  The  Returns  before  us  give  the  fiscal  receipts  for  the  year,  but  only  give  the  disburse disbursements  ments disbursements  for  the  quarter  ;  yet,  when  we  add  to  the  amount  of  revenue  received  under  specific  heads,  namely  . STYLE=superscript  ,  64,457,9931.,  the  loan  of  16,000,0001,  it  gives  a  gross  amount  of  80,457,993/  leaving  us  debtor  to  the  current  quarter  3,879,7501.  This  being  something  near  our  position  at  present,  and  seeing  the  Exchequer  must  be  largely  replenished,  no  matter  whether  we  continue  the  war  or  return  to  peace,  it  is  just  possible  that  the  Bank  of  England  may  again  advance  their  rates  of  interest.  There  are  few  more  plausible  reasons  to  be  assigned  for  such  a  step  in  these  days  when  gold,  and  not  patriotism  and  loyalty,  rules  the  roast.  But,  will  Her  MAJESTY'S  Ministers  and  the  Legis Legislature  lature Legislature  take  no  heed  of  the  salutary  lesson  which  may  be  learned  from  the  Returns  before  us  ?  Will  they  always  treat  with  contempt  and  throw  aside  practical  illustrations,  for  theories  and  crotchets  ?  Will  they  reiterate  the  assurance  given  by  Mi.c.kuLav  that  BENTHAM'S  defence  of  usury  has  set  that  subject  at  rest  for  ever,  while  its  effects  are  so  unmistakeably  shown  on  the  face  of  every  statistic  they  issue  in  connection  with  trade,  com commerce,  merce, commerce,  industry,  and  Revenue  ?  We  have  shown  that  during  a  season  of  relaxa relaxation  tion relaxation  in  the  rates  of  discount,  the  Revenue  progressed  steadily  from  11,000,0001.  to  17,000,0001.,  and  'at  the  moment  a  panic  point  was  at attained  tained attained  the  Revenue  recoiled  again  with  a  rapidity  perfectly  astounding,  considering  the  vast  addi additions  tions additions  made  to  taxation  within  the  year.  If  the  war  is  to  be  carried  on  with  anything  like  greater  vigour  than  it  was  during  the  past  twelve  months,  more  money  will  be  required  ;  and  when  the  Government  do  ask  for  a  loan,  it  will  be  better  for  all  parties  concerned,  if  they  state  at  once  the  amount  they  will  require  to  carry  them  through  the  fiscal  year.  Whatever  is  wanted  for  the  defence  of  the  country  must  be  supplied  ;  and  the  public  knowing  this,  will  submit  to  the  infliction  without  a  murmur,  and  the  depression  will  be  much  less  than  if  they  are  kept  in  constant  antici anticipation  pation anticipation  of  further  advances  being  required.  But  it  has  become  a  question  whether  another  10,000,0001.  even  can  be  taken  from  the  Money  Market  without  producing  a  crisis.  If  the  Bank  of  England  resort  to  further  restrictions  and  raise  the  rates  of  interest  another  one  per  cent.  by  the  way  of  facilitating  the  operations  of  the  CHANCELLOR  of  theExcHEonEa,  what  then  is  to  become  of  trade,  and  what  estimate  of  Revenue  for  1850  will  Sir  G.  CORNEWALL  LEWIS  venture  to  lay  before  Parlia Parliament  ment Parliament  ?  If  current  rumour  is  to  be  believed,  a  terrific  exhaustion  of  the  precious  metals  has  been  going  on  without  interruption  from  the  Ist  of  January,  1848,  up  to  the  present  time.  We  have  not  yet  heard,  on  any  reliable  authority,  what  we  have  really  lost,  and  what  has  become  of  the  large  quantities  of  gold  which  have  reached  this  country  since  the  date  above  specified.  A  little  wholesome  agitation  may  clear  up  the  matter  ;  but  unless  a  few  millions  of  bullion  can  be  thrown  into  the  vaults  of  the  Bank  to  sustain  public  confidence,  sonic  other  scheme  must  be  devised  than  that  of  increasing  taxation,  and  raising  loans  from  a  country  with  a  contracted  and  diminishing  circu circulation,  lation, circulation,  and  usury  eating  up  profits  and  property.  MACAULAY,  after  a  lapse  of  ten  years,  has  pro produced  duced produced  the  third  and  fourth  volumes  of  his  history  of  England.  History  of  England  did  we  say?  If  so  we  merely  repeated  the  title  given  to  a  long  catalogue  of  the  sources  from  whence  all  our  former  historians  drew  the  facts  which  gave  tone  to  their  lucubrations.  Every  history  of  Great  Britain  was  written  under  the  immediate  eye  of  a  sovereign  or  by  the  pampered  favorites  of  a  Court  party  ;  but  we  never  had  until  now  the  sacredness  of  this  great  work  entrusted  to  a  partisan  who  voluntarily  attached  himself  to  a  defunct  political  faction.  It  would  be  impossible  within  the  limits  of  an  article  such  as  the  present,  to  quote  from  Mr.  MACAULAY'S  recently  published  volumes  to  prove  the  accuracy  of  what  we  say.  It  is  enough  that  the  public  hold  in  their  hands  many  thousand  copies  of  his  work,  to  which  they  can  turn  if  they  doubt  the  reasonableness  of  our  strictures.  The  province  of  the  historian  is  to  search  diligently  after  truth,  and  to  eschew  every  thing  like  giving  a  false  colouring  to  the  motives  of  party,  or  those  of  the  individuals  he  may  drag  from  the  depths  of  by bygone  gone bygone  ages,  or  the  silence  of  the  more  recently  closed  grave.  If  the  writer  attempts  to  throw  the  majesty  of  self  over  the  character  of  those  whose  conduct  he  undertakes  to  record,  he  should  do  so  simply  as  a  philosopher,  and  not  attempt  to  measure  the  virtues,  or  vices,  of  the  earlier  stages  of  human  existence  by  the  purity  of  the  modern  presbytery,  or  an  established  church  or  political  party,  whose  whole  career  has  been  one  of  unchequered  failure.  As  a  Whig  historian  Mr.  MACAULAY  has  been  at  particular  pains  to  bring  to  light  every  little  anecdote,  incident,  and  perversion  of  reason,  which  have  lain  dormant  for  centuries  among  the  manuscripts,  pamphlets,  and  passing  notices  of  cotemporaneous  writers  of  higher  pretensions,  and  more  universally  recognised  worth.  The  writer  has,  therefore,  presented  to  the  world,  a  picture  of  the  party  whose  cause  he  has  espoused,  for  the  most  part,  in  a  painful  light,  and  but  rarely  records  an  instance  of  the  triumphs  gained  by  their  opponents'  political  virtue,  or  any  other  moral  means.  With  him,  WiLia,tm  was  the  beau  'Heal  of  monarchs  ;  JAMES  11.,  the  naval  hero  of  England,  the  most  weak  and  wicked  of  princes  ;  the  Irish  nation  cowards  and  runaways,  and  their  leaders,  not  forgetting  SCARSFIELD,  the  most  con contemptible  temptible contemptible  of  beings  !  His  pictures  of  the  political  and  social  conditions  of  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  entitle  our  Author  to  the  name  of  Cos Cosmopolite,  mopolite, Cosmopolite,  since  he  paints  all  with  the  same  brush,  and  in  the  same  black  and  revolting  colours.  Yet  the  political  and  sectarian  animus  of  the  man  is  there  ;  and  MACAULAY  rises  triumphant  in  platitudes,  and  well  turned  perorations,  and  what  in  others  would  be  disgusting,  from  him  tickles  the  literary  palate  of  the  age,  and  passes  into  the  popular  paunch,  but  without  touching  the  mind  of  the  reader,  by  the  cool  and  reflective  wisdom  of  the  historian.  Few  can  regret,  more  than  ourselves,  that  at  an  epoch  such  as  the  present,  when  men's  minds  are  fixed  on  a  search  after  truth,  and  the  attainment  of  more  solid  information  of  the  past  whereby  they  may  be  enabled  to  judge  of  the  policy  of  the  present  day,  and  to  guide  them  in  futurity,  we  should  have"
