text
"came  in,  and  earl  Jupiter  managed  to  eleai  made  her  way  - STYLE=superscript  up.the  80,  admiia  Paid  the  visits  of  ceremony  to  the  fieials  of  marine  this  morning  kdmiral  Slade,  of  the  Turkish  navy,  1]  the  Black  Sea  with  six  Turkish  frigates  and  two  .s  expedition  will  b(  yen  seen  crisis  n  th  Black  Sea.  People  begin  to  inquire  when  the  British  flag  is  to  be  - STYLE=superscript  seen  in  the  Euxine.  Certainly  its  appearance  there  would  be  a  novel  thing;  and  would  be  fraught  with  important  consequences.  There  is  a  great  demand  amongst  the  naval  men  who  have  just  come  up  for  charts  of  the  Black  Sea.  Letters  fr  . STYLE=superscript  om  St.  Petersburg,  of  the  3rd  instant  announce  that  a  new  levy  of  troops,  in  the  propor  tion  of  seven  men  to  every  thousand  inhabitants  had  been  commenced  throughout  the  entire  of  the  eastern  part  of  the  Russian  Empire.  Yesterday  Velvy  Paella,  the  Ottoman  Ambassador  in  Paris,  purchased  40,000  new  muskets  and  cara carabines  bines carabines  de_Vineennes,  for  which  ho  at  once  paid  two  millions  of  francs.  The  Siecle  says  M.  de  Kisseleff,  minister  plenipotentiary  of  Russia,  had  been  invited  to  the  stag-hunts  - STYLE=superscript  at  Foutainbleau  ;  but  it  is  positively  stated  that  a  sudden  indisposition  will  confine  this  diplomatist  to  his  hotel.  Vely  Pacha,  ambassador  of  the  Sublime  Porte,  and  who  is  not  indisposed,  will  be  present  at  these  hunts,  for  which  he  has  also  received  an  From  our  Second  Supplement  of  Yesterday  TRIESTE,  Nov.  16T1  By  the  Africa  we  have  Constantinople  news  to  the  7th.  A  new  project  of  note  arrived  yesterday  morning,  with  instructions  to  the  English  and  French  Envoys  to  recommend  it  to  the  Porte,  but  there  appears  th  be  a  decidedobjection  on  the  part  of  the  Turkish  ,Government,  to  its  being  signed.  The  city  is  perfectly  tranquil.  .  ..  ~  ..  Several  Russian  prisoners  of  war  arrived  from  Batoum,  and  more  are  expected.  The  Fort  of  Chekwetit,  taken  by  the  Turks  on  Oct.  28th,  contained  2,000  stand  of  arms  and  1,000  A  small  Turkish  squadron  is  cruising  in  the  Black  Sea.  Two  British  and  two  French  line  of  battle  ships  are  lying  off  Therapaif  for  the  pre present.  sent. present.  No  further  reinforcements  are  expected  from  the  Dardanelles.  Exchange  on  London,  i.e.,  sterling,  Ib6  piasters.  The  - STYLE=superscript  Times  states  in  a  leading  article,  that  it  has  no  reason  to  doubt  the  perfect  good  faith,  and  generally  good  information  of  th  correspondent  from  whom  it  received  the  startling  despatch  published  on  the  2nd  edition  of  Wednesday,  but  it  confines  itself  for  the  present  to  the  discussion  of  the  news  that  has  arrived  through  more  certain  channels.  After  doing  this  and  expressing  surprise  at  the  strange  inferiority  of  the  Russian  force  the  article  concludes.  by  saying  that  all  the  known  facts  tend  to  show  the  news  of  a  decisive  Turkish  victory  under  the  walls  of  Bucharest,  intrinsically  possible  ;  and  the  Times  trusts  soon  to  be  able  fully  to  confirm  it.  A  dvic(  from  Constantinople  of-  the  17  ult.,  stat  The  Sultan  has  received  the  title  of  A  Turkish  squadron  has  sailed  into  the  •  Black  Sea.  A  declaration  is  to  be  demanded  from  Servia.  Great  financial  distress  prevails.  Pirates  have  made  their  appearance  at  Scko.  B  UUHAREST,  13TH  No  further  engagement  has  taken  place  since  the  affair  at  Oltenitza.  General  Otten  Sacken,  with  50,000  troops,  has  already.  crossed  the  Pruth,  has hastening,  tening, hastening,  by  forced  marches,  to  Jassey.  Report  says  that  Austria  has  established  a  corps  of  observation  on  the  Lower  Save.  CABINET  COUNCIL  —The  Council  sat  two  hours  and,  a-half  on  Wednesday.  Russian  fleet  in  the  Baltic.  It  is  stated  that  this  fleet  was  not  only  gone  into  winter  quarters,  but  has  been  partially  dismantled,  and  sharp  frost  having  set  in,  would  be  by  the  present  time  frozen  in.  The  city  article  of  the  Times  says,  letters  from  Bucherest  show  the  total  ignorance  prevailing  among  the  inhabitants  of-  that  'city  regarding  the  progress  of  the  war  within  40  miles  of  them.  Gold  as  at  present  being  transmitted  from  Lon London  don London  has  abated,  owing  to,  last  quotations  of  rates  of  last  exchange  at  the  Chinese  port,  several  houses  having  received  instructions  not  to  .make  further  shipments  to  that  quarter.  CANARY  ISLANDS,  2ND,  Much  rain  fallen.  Cochineal  not  expected  to  reach  half  the  amount  originally  anticipated,  although  at  that  time  the  estimates  had  only  been  equal  to  50  per  cent.  of  the  crop  of  the  preceding  year.  Bourse  dull,  three's  closed  73,  40,  41  per  cents  Trial  of  conspiritors  against  the  Emperor's  life,  six  declared  not  guilty,  twenty-two  guilty  with  extenuating  circumstances  ;  sentences,  seven  transportations,  three  eight  years  exile,  and  the  rest  imprisonment  varying  from  ten  to  five  years."
