text
"For  LONDONDERRY,  The  First-Class  Iron  Steamer  ROSE,  Captain  BPLavoriux,  or  other  Steam-Vessel,  will  Sail  as  under:—  FROM  BELFAST  TO  DERRY,  CALLING  OFF  PORTRUSH,  Making  the  Passage  usually  in  Nine  Hours.  Palms  :—Cabin  (including  Steward's  Fee),  7s.  6d.  ;  Deck  or  Steerage,  2s.  6d.  This  arrangement  will  afford  Tourists  an  admirable  opportunity  of  seeing  Garron  Tower,  Fair  Head,  the  Giants'  Causeway,  Dunluce  Castle,  and  the  varied  and  picturesque  scenery  of  the  Antrim  coast  generally.  Agents  in  Derry—JOHN  LYON  &amp;  SONS;  Portrush,  JAMES  CALDWELL.  For  MORECAMBE  (Port  of  Lancaster).  In  connexion  with  the  Great  Alidland  Railway.  and  affording  the  most  direct  communication  with  Leeds,  Bradford,  and  Midland  Counties.  FAUGH-A-BALLAGH,..  Captain  JOHNSTON.  YORKSHIREMAN,  New  Steamer,  now  Building.  The  Powerful  PiratArin••  ••  ?AUG  H-A.  BA  L  Will  leave  Belfast  for  Morecambe,  every  Monday  and  Thursday,  and  Morecambe  for  Belfast,  every  Wednesday  &amp;  Saturday,  as  under:—  FROM  MORECAMBE.  WEDNESDAY.  .  28th  September,  at  6-30  Evening  FROM  BELFAST.  TRURSDAY.  ......  •  •  •  •  At  Morecambe,  there  is  an  excellent  Hotel  adjoining  the  Pier,  where  Passengers  will  meet  with  every  comfort  and  attention.  The  Railway  reaches  to  the  Steamer's  Berth  at  Morecambe  Pier,  and  communicates  with  all  the  English  Railways.  Goods  for  Newcastle-on-Tyne,  Sunderland,  Shields,  Bradford.  Leeds,  York,  Hull,  Great  Grimsby.  West  Hartlepool,  &amp;c.,  as  also  Cattle  for  Markets  in  the  North  of  England,  are  carried  by  the  above  route,  at  very  low  through  rates  of  Carriage.  The  Waggons  are  taken  alongside  the  Steamer  at  Morecambe  into  a  covered  Warehouse,  from  which  the  Goods  are  transferred  direct  into  the  Vessel.  Every  Information  as  to  Rates  may  be  obtained  on  application  at  Leeds.  and  all  Stations  on  the  Leeds  and  Bradford  Railway,  to  Mr.  I'HOMAS  WALKLATE,  Midland  Railway,  Leeds.  WILLIAM  BRIGGS,  Agent  at  Morecambe;  JAMES  CALD CALDWELL,  WELL, CALDWELL,  Agent  at  Portrush  ;  JOHN  LYON,  Agent,  Londonderry.  BELFAST  AND  GLASGOW  ROYAL  MAIL  STEAM  PACKETS.  Daily  Sailing,'  Direct  to  and  from  Glasgow,  without  transhipment  of  Cargo_  These  Vessels  are  appointed  by  her  Majesty's  Postmaster-General  to  Sail  FROM  BELFAST,  Evex  EvErmio  (Sunday  excepted),  at  8  o'clock  precisely,  for  Greenock  and  Glasgow;  FROM  GLASGOW,  EVERT  DAY  (Sunday  excepted),  at  4  o'clock  p.m.;  and  FROM  GREENOCK,  at  8  o'clock  Evening,  on  arrival  of  the  7  o'clock  p.m.  Mail  Train  from  Glasgow.  Passage  money  between  Belfast  and  Greenock  or  Glasgow  (In.  chiding  Steward's  Fee):—CABIN  between  Belfast  and  Greenock  or  Glasgow,  or  Cabin  between  Belfast  and  Greenock,  and  First  Class  on  Greenock  Railway,  !Os.  6d.  Servants  in  Cabin,  Full  Fare.—  STEERAGE  between  Belfast  and  Greenock  or  Glasgow,  or  Steerage  between  Belfast  and  Greenock,  and  Third  Class  on  Greenock  Rail Railway,  way, Railway,  2s  6d.  Cabin  Berths  secured  at  the  Offices  in  Belfast  and  Glasgow.  Cabin  and  Steerage  Tickets  sold  at  the  Railway  Stations,  at  Glasgow  and  Paisley.  Apply,  in  Glasgow,  to  GEORGE  &amp;  JAMES  BURNS,  9,  Buchanan.  street;  or,  in  Greenock,  to  ALEXANDER  M'CULLOCH,  Excise.  buildings.  ULSTER  CANAL  STEAM  CARRYING  COMPANY.  A  Fly-Boat  leaves  Portadown  for  Clones,  every  Tuesday  morning;  for  Enniskillen,  every  Thursday  morning;  and  for  Belturiset,  every  Saturday  morning,  calling  and  loading  goods  at  all  the  Intermediate  Stations,  viz..  Moy,  Charlemont,  Caledon,  Middletown,  Monaghan,  Wattlebrldge,  &amp;c.  There  are  also  opportunities,  through  this  Company's  Boats,  for  the  forwarding  of  goods  from  Portadown  to  Newry,  on  Mondays,  Tuesdays,  and  Fridays,  and  to  Coal  Island  twice  every  week.  Goods  from  Belfast  are  sent  forward,  by  water,  from  Canal  Quay,  Queen's  Bridge  ;  and  every  day,  by  Ulster  Railway,  to  Portadown.  The  Owners  of  the  above  Steamers  will  not  be  accountable  for  Loss  or  Damage  of  any  kind  sustained  by  Live  Stock,  nor  for  Pas Passengers'  sengers' Passengers'  Luggage,  nor  for  Parcels  above  the  value  of  £5,  unless  booked  and  paid  for  according  to  their  value.  For  Freight  or  Passage,  apply  to  GEORGE  M'TEAR  &amp;  CO.,  33,  35,  &amp;  37,  Donegall-Quay.  Belfast.  EXHIBITION  OF  THE  LIVERPOOL  ACADEMY.  THIRD  NOTICE.  No.  29.  View  of  Gilnochie  Tower,  by  Copley  Fielding.  This  picture  (sold  for  one  hundred  and  fifty  guineas),  is,  in  our  opinion,  the  chief  work  of  this  artist.  The  aerial  per perspective,  spective, perspective,  as  the  valley  blends  itself  with  the  distant  mountains,  is  most  admirably  renderod,  and  the  charming  manlier  in  which  both  foreground  and  middle  distance  is  painted,  stamps  it  as  a  work  of  high  excellence.  There  is  a  delicious  pearly  grey  pervading  the  distance,  which  gives  the  scene  much  reality  and  truth.  No.  30.  A  Shad;  Walk  in  June,  by  J.  Peel.  This  charming  little  picture  is  minute  enough  to  please  any  lover  of  the  Pre-Raphael  school,  for  it  is  as  truthful  and  minute  as  a  photograph  with  the  addition  of  colour.  No.  36.  A  View  near  Ea  stham,  by  W.  Davis,  another  follower  in  the  Pre-Raphael  school,  whose  game  pictures  are  infinitely  preferable  to  his  landscapes.  There  is,  how however,  ever, however,  a  good  deal  of  talent  evinced  here,  but  the  picture  wants  incident.  The  light  on  the  water  is  admirably  managed.  No.  35.  A  Street  in  Innspruck,  by  W.  Callers.  A  charm charming  ing charming  picture,  with  an  admirable  broad  effect  of  light  and  shadow,  and  the  distant  mountains  rising  up  behind  the  town  well  wanaged.  Portrait  of  T.  B.  Horsfall,  by  Geo.  Patten,  A.R.A.  Not  so  good  a  portrait  of  our  worthy  member  as  we  could  wish.  It  will  not  bear  any  comparison  with  those  of  Sir  John  Bent,  by  Phillip  Westcott.  No.  48.  Here  is  a  speaking  .  likeness  of  our  late  Mayor,  with  his  :usual  happy  expression  of  countenance.  This  picture  puts  us  forcibly  in  mind  of  the  Queen's  visit  here,  when  with  the  Mayor  and  the  rest  of  the  Corporation  we  waited  her  Majesty's  arrival  in  the  Town  Hall,  and  assisted  in  holding  an  umbrella  over  her  Majesty's  head  as  she  alighted,  there  being  no  canopy  on  that  occasion,  the  Queen  being  blessed  with  fine  weather  on  nearly  every  occasion,  no  preparation  was  made  for  the  rain.  No.  43.  Haddon  Hall,  by  T.  Creswick.  The  t  rees  i  n  this  picture  are  painted  in  the  artist's  usual  charming  manner,—light  and  feathery,  and  the  colou  r  p  rec  i  se  l  y  th  at  of  nature  in  the  spring.  No.  45  is  the  picture  of  the  Exhibition,  about  which  there  is  no  end  of  opinions  for  and  against  ;  and  as  the  Academy  have  bestowed  the  fifty  pound  prize  on  the  artist  a  second  time  within  three  years,  it  has  excited  a  considerable  degree  of  curiosity.  In  the  Royal  Academy,  London,  it  was  daily  surrounded  by  hundreds,  and  was  decidedly  the  centre  of  Attraction.  It  is  painted  by  William  Holman  Runt  (son  of  Leigh  Hunt),  and  it  deserves  a  more  lengthy  notice  than  we  can  give  in  our  impression  of  to-day.  We  shall  reserve  it  till  another  occasion.  In  the  mean  time,  those  of  our  readers  who  have  not  been  to  the  exhibition  shinild  see  it.  Seldom  is  there  a  provincial  exhibition  half  so  .good,  and  considerable  credit  is`  due  to  the  secretary  for  his  exertions."
