text
"SELECT  VESTRY.  The  usual  fortnightly  meeting  of  this  board  was  held  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  the  Rev.  Rector  CAMPBELL,  in  the  Chair.  The  other  members  present  were—Messrs.  Came,  Hand,  Gard Gardner,  ner, Gardner,  Bradley,  Whitty,  Moss,  Denton,  Mellor,  J.  Jones,  Blain,  Whitby,  Sumners,  Luff,  Clarke,  Hutchinson,  Troughton,  Savage,  and  Pemberton.  FINANCE  commirrEE.  The  proceedings  of  the  Finance  Committee  were  read.  The  Mayor  had  applied,  asking  for  the  application  of  some  of  the  parish  funds,  to  enable  two  natives  of  Nova  Scotia  to  be  sent  to  that  colony.  The  biayor  was  informed  that  the  poor  rates  could  not  be  legally  applied  to  this  purpose,  but  the  matter  was  referred  to  the  Voluntary  Rate  Committee,  the  men,  in  the  meantime,  being  provided  for  in  the  Work Workhouse.  house. Workhouse.  Mr.  CAEN;  in  moving  the  confirmation  of  the  proceed proceedings,  ings, proceedings,  observed  that  they  required  no  comment.  Con Confirmed.  firmed. Confirmed.  WORKHOUSE  COMMITTEE.  From  the  proceedings  of  this  Committee  it  appeared  the  number  of  persons  admitted  into  the  Vagrant  Sheds,  last  week,  was  910  ;  of  these  505  were  males,  260  females,  and  105  children.  Number  of  inmates  in  the  House,  1842  ;  in  Hospital,  452,  of  which  49 STYLE=superscript  were  fever  and  43  itch  cases.  In  connection  with  the  recent  suicide  of  a  female  pauper,  a  re report  port report  was  read  from  the  Architect  and  Surveyor,  as  to  the  state  of  the  Lunatic  Cells.  They  suggested  that  the  iron  bars  in  the  cells  should  be  removed,  and  external  shutters  substituted,  and  as  no  better  accommodation  could  be  at  pre present  sent present  afforded  in  the  House  for  this  class  of  inmates,  that  paid  officers  should  be  appointed  in  each  ward,  in  the  place  of  pauper  attendants.  Mr.  CARNE  observed,  that  with  regard  to  the  wards  for  lunatics,  he  could  only  say  that,  together  with  the  othergen othergentlemen  tlemen othergentlemen  of  the  committee,  he  had  proceeded  through  the  work workhouse,  house, workhouse,  and  inquired  of  Mr.  Weightman  whether  there  was  any  space  which  could  be  applied  to  the  lunatics;  and  they  found  that  there  was  no  place  in  the  workhouse  more  suitable  for  the  purpose  than  the  present.  He  had  to  re remark  mark remark  that  the  lunatics  brought  to  the  workhouse  were  only  detained  for  fourteen  days  before  they  were  sent  to  the  asylum.  Many  of  them  were  persons  labouring  under  de delirium  lirium delirium  tremens,  and  some  time  violent,  and  therefore  it  was  necessary  that  the  parish_  should  so  provide,  that,  while  in  the  house,  such  peoplo  could  not  injure  themselves.  But  unless  they  were  prepared  to  build  new  wards,  It,  possible  to  make  any  better  arrangement  for  the  custody  of  the  Innatiog  than  that  at  precont  oxizting.  Mr.  Moss  said  that  Mr.  Carne's  explanation  was  not  at  all  satisfactory  to  his  mind.  It  appeared  from  the  report  on  the  governor's  book,  that  a  woman,  named  Mary  Connor,  was  admitted  into  the  workhouse  the  4th  October,  and  that  she  remained  until  the  27th  of  the  same  month,  when  she  destroyed  herself  by  cutting  her  throat  with  a  knife.  He  (Mr.  Moss)  should  like  to  know  where  the  blame  rested  in  this  matter,  for  certainly  it  was  more  than  strange  that  a  woman  in  the  condition  of  mind  of  the  deceased  should  have  had  the  opportunity  of  destroying  herself  at  nine  o'clock  in  the  broad  day.  Really  it  was  too  bad  to  think,  that  in  a  workhouse  like  theirs,  with  such  a  staff  of  officers,  such  an  occurrence  shouldhavebeenallowedto  take  place.  Hebelieved  it  was  a  pauper  attendant  who  had  charge  of  the  woman  and  left  the  knife  in  her  way;  but  he  could  not  help  thinking  that,  under  any  circumstances,  a  very  serious  blame  and  responsibility  attached  to  some  one.  Putting  that  aside,  however,  he  thought  the  report  of  the  coroner's  jury,  included  in  the  governor's  minutes,  should  really  be  read  for  the  Vestry,  for  instead  of  taking  that  light  view  of  the  case,  which  Mr.  Carne  had  done.—  Mr.  CARNE  :  Excuse  me,  I  took  no  notice  whatever  of  that  case.  Mr.  Moss  replied  that  Mr.  Carne  had  said  that  the  arrangements  for  the  reception  of  lunatic  patients  into  the  house,  were  the  best  that  could  be  provided.  Now  he  (Mr.  Moss)  would  read  the  report  of  the  coroner's  jury,  and  the  expression  of  their  opinion,  in  which  he  entirely  coincided  :  for  he  had  gone  over  the  house,  and  he  could  not  believe  it  possible  that  any  such  place  as  he  had  seen,  could  have  been  provided  for  the  purpose  of  lodging  lunatics.  The  spirits  of  every  one  would  be  depressed  there,  and  as  for  the  lunatics,  it  was  more  calculated  to  aggravate  than  alleviate  their  disease.  Mr.  Moss  then  read  the  report  of  the  coroner's  jury,  in  which  they  condemned  the  present  lunatic  wards  in  the  workhouse,  as  being  badly  ventilated,  cheer cheerless,  less, cheerless,  dangerous,  and  fit  only  tor  condemned  criminals,  and  recommended  that  new  lunatic  wards  be  provided.  Mr.  Moss  then  proceeded  to  say  that  the  governor  had  told  him  he  would  not  stop  to  make  any  remark  upon  the  subject  of  the  extravagance  of  their  proceedings,  in  employing  an  architect  at  a  very  large  remuneration,  who  was  constantly  sending  them  in  reports,  from  which  they  derived  very  little  satisfaction,  and  who  was  the  artificer  of  these  wards,  which  were  only  to  be  seen  by  everyone  to  be  universally  condemned;  he  would  not  remark  on  that  subject,  but  he  should  say  that  the  governor  had  stated  to  him  that  it  was  quite  possible  to  erect  an  independent  place  in  the  yard,  which  might  be  lighted  from  the  roof,  and  properly  secured,  for  the  reception  of  the  unfortunate  lunatics.  That  might  be  done,  he  understood,  at  a  very  moderate  expense,  and  the  present  cells  could  be  turned  to  some  other  purpose  ;  for  really  they  were,  as  he  had  said  before,  perfectly  unsuitable,  and  a  disgrace  to  the  whole  establishment.  He  did  not  mean  to  say  that  any  blame  attached  to  the  governor  with  respect  to  this  unfortunate  affair.  The  governor  had  told  kept  the  knife  in  the  ward  for  the  purpose  of  cutting  bread,  and  that  having  placed  it  in  some  insecure  place,  the  unfor unfortunate  tunate unfortunate  deceased  got  possession  of  it,  and  so  cut  her  throat;  but,  at  all  events,  it  was  quite  time  that  some  better  precau precaution  tion precaution  should  be  adopted  to  prevent  the  recurrence  of  similar  circumstances.  Now  he  noticed  that  all  the  inmates  of  the  house  were  allowed  the  use  of  knives,  and  he  thought  very  improperly.  If  any  of  the  board  went  into  the  yard,  they  would  find  the  paupers  standing  about  with  large  clasp-knives  in  their  hands,  and  the  use  to  which  they  principally  applied  them  was  in  sharpening  them  on  the  window  sills—so  much  so,  that  the  stones  placed  in  the  windows  within  the:last  few  years,  were  now  nearly  worn  out.  He  appealed  to  many  members  of  the  board  if  this  were  not  the  fact,  and  if  all  that  he  had  stated  were  not  true.  Mr.  CARNE  said  nothing  in  defence  of  those  cells,  and  he  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  buildinglof  them.  All  he  remarked  was  this.—They  applied  both  to  Mr.  Weightman,  Mr.  Wylie,  and  to  the  governor,  who  went  round  with  the  members  of  the  committee,  and  they  all  declared  there  was  no  place  in  the  building  at  present  that  could  be  altered  to  make  room  for  lunatics  which  would  be  superior  to  those  existing.  The  only  remedy  would  be  to  build  new  cells,  and  therefore  all  they  had  done  was  to  remedy  as  far  as  practicable  those  in  existence  untill  new  ones  were  built.  Mr.  Moss  knew  they  could  not  build  them  in  a  day.  Mr.  Moss  :  But  those  are  new  buildings.  Mr.  CARNE  :  Had  nothing  to  do  with  their  being  built.  As  chairman  of  the  committee  he  merely  stated  what  had  occurred,  and  if  the  governor  had  stated  to  Mr.  Moss  that  a  remedy  could  be  applied  he  did  not  say  so  to  the  committee  when  they  went  around.  If  he  had  told  Mr.  Moss  he  had  told  him  something  which  he  did  not  tell  before.  •  If  blame  rested  with  any  one  it  was  with  the  building  committee  of  the  workhouse  ;  the  present  workhouse  committee  had  noth nothing  ing nothing  to  do  with  it.  They  had  but  to  superintend  and  see  such  a  sufficient  number  of  persons  were  employed  as  would  exercise  a  proper  surveillance  over  those  people.  More  than  that  coubd  not  be  done,  and  no  blame  attached  to  the  committee.  Mr.  GARDNER  should  like  Mr.  Moss  to  state  who  and  what  was  extravagant.  Because  if  there  was  anything  extravagant  either  in  the  renumeration  of  the  officers,  or  the  management  of  the  house,  if  it  were  brought  before  the  committee  it  would  be  altered.  He  observed,  however,  in  everything  that  fell  from  Mr.  Moss  that  he  invariably  abphed  the  term  you  you  did  this  Now,  why  did  not  Mr.  Moss  say  at  once  ?  _  Mr.  Moss  :  Because  I  am  not  a  member  of  the  Work.  house  Committee.  Mr.  GARDNER  replied  that  he  was  a  member  of  the  Board,  and  if  he  brought  anything  that  was  extravagant  before  the  Committee  it  would  be  rectified.  In  place  of  that,  however,  he  was  constantly  saying,  you  did  so  and  Mr.  Moss  was  astonished  that  Mr.  Gardner,  who  appeared  to  be  so  much  of  a  sticklerfor,  and  who  had  seen  so  much  of  public  matters,  did  not  conduct  himself  properly.  The  CHAIRMAN  observed  that  Mr.  Moss  was  interrupting  Mr.  Gardner.  Mr.  GARDNER,  again  reiterated  that  if  Mr.  Moss  brought  anything  that  was  wrong  before  the  Committee  it  would  have  been  rectified.  With  respect  to  the  observation  that  the  cells  were  only  fit  for  condemned  criminals,  he  (Mr.  Gardner)  should  like  to  know  why  condemned  criminals  should  be  placed  in  gloomy  cells.  (Laughter.)  It  was  no  laughing  matter.  They  should  be  placed  in  cheerful  places  —(laughter)  —where  the  ministers  of  religion  could  go  and  console  them  ;  for  he  did  not  think  that  they  had  a  right  to  make  them  worse.  With  regard  to  the  lunatic  wards,  Mr.  Moss  had  recommended  sky  lights,  but  he  (Mr.  Gardner)  should  like  windows,  or  something  through  which  they  could  look  out  and  cheer  themselves.  Mr.  DENTON  thought  that  Mr.  Moss's  observations  would  have  come  in  their  proper  place  if  made  before  the  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  and,  if  so  made,  they  would  no  doubt  have  been  at attended  tended attended  to.  He  agreed  with  Mr.  Moss,  however,  that  the  place  for  the  lunatics  was  not  a  fit  or  proper  place,  but,  under  the  circumstances,  they  could  not  help  it.  They  had  no  other  place  in  the  house  to  appropriate  for  the  purpose.  until  the  new  buildings  were  completed,  and  at  them  they  were  now  working  as  fast  as  they  could.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  they  should  do  something  prac practical.  tical. practical.  They  ()light  to  attend  to  the  verdict  of  the  coroner's  jury.  It  was  important  to  be  considered  that  this  woman  was  in  no  way  to  be  considered  dangerous,  and  that  ex exempted  empted exempted  the  officers  from  all  blame.  When  a  person  was  de determined  termined determined  upon  self-destruction  it  almost  amounted  to  an  im impossibility  possibility impossibility  to  prevent  it.  He  could  not  say  that  he  saw  any  blame  attached  to  the  governor  or  officers.  But  what  he  wanted  to  say  was  this,  if  those  cells  were  anything  like  what  the  coroner's  jury  described  them,  they  ought  to  alter  them  as  soon  as  they  could.  He  should  like  to  know  if  any  additional  accommodation  for  lunatics  was  contemplated  in  the  new  buildings.  Mr.  Denton  said  this  was  within  his  belief,  and  then  that  a  remedy  would  be  provided—was  that  the  case  —was  it  in  contemplation  to  do  anything  ?  Although  lunatics  were  only  there  temporarily,  still  they  ought  to  be  put  in  such  places  as  were  fit  for  them.  They  might  proba probably  bly probably  be  brought  into  a  state  of  delirium  by  vice.  Mr.  Moss  She  was  not  ;  she  was  a  young  woman.  The  CHArnm.A.w  did  not  know  that  she  was  in  the  cells cellswas  was cellswas  she  ?  Mr.  Moss  :  Yes.  A  discussion  here  ensued  on  the  subject,  in  which  nearly  every  member  of  the  board  was  talking  at  the  same  time,  thus  rendering  all  attempts  at  reporting  utterly  futile.  Mr.  BRADLEY  (when  the  clatter  had  somewhat  subsided)  remarked  there  was  no  doubt  the  fault  arose  from  the  con construction  struction construction  of  the  building  ;  and  it  was  in  contemplation  to  remove  lunatics  from  it.  The  present  buildings  were  in  such  a  state  no  other  place  could  be  provided.  He  did  not  think  there  was  any  fault  :  those  cases  would  elude  the  greatest  vigilance  ;  and  he  did  not  think  the  coroner's  jury  ought  to  have  brought  in  such  a  verdict.  The  cells  were  not  so  cheerless  as  represented  ;  they  were  low,  but  not  so  bad  as  represented.  He  (Mr.  Bradley)  thought  more  had  been  made  of  it  than  there  was  occasion  for.  .  _  The  subject  then  dropped  and  the  proceedings  were  con confirmed.  firmed. confirmed.  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOLS.  From  the  proceedings  of  the  committee  of  the  schools  it  appeared  that  a  sub-committee  had  been  appointed  to  en enquire  quire enquire  into  the  training  pursued  therein,  and  to  obtain  such  information  as  to  the  working  of  other  similar  institutions  as  might  be  deemed  advisable.  Mr.  GARDNER  in  moving  the  confirmation  of  the  proceed proceedings,  ings, proceedings,  said  that  in  accordance  with  the  recommendation  of  the  select  vestry  a  sub-committee  of  engineers  had  been  appointed.  Mr.  Moss  :  A  sub-committee  of  the  school  committee  ?  Mr.  GARDNER  :  Yes.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  he  attended  the  schools  on  the  pre previous  vious previous  day  to  meet  Mr.  Brown,  the  Inspector,  and  he  said  the  Schools  were  in  a  very  satisfactory  state.  He  (the  Chair Chairman)  man) Chairman)  had  some  conversation  with  him,  and  he  seemed  to  think  that  more  land  would  be  required  for  Industrial  Training.  Mr.  Moss  :  A  good  suggestion.  Mr.  Lug  suggested  that  the  land  running  down  to  the  railway  should  be  secured.  Mr.  GARDNER.  :  The  matter  is  under  consideration.  The  proceedings  were  confirmed.  Communications  were  raid  from  the  Poor  Law  Board  con confirming.the  firming.the confirming.the  appointment  - STYLE=superscript  5r  the  medical  officers  elected  by  the  Board,  and  the  dispensers  ;  also,  enquiring  whether  in  connection  with  the  project  of  apprenticing  several  girls  to  Mr.  Hobson,  of  the  Havannah  Mills,  Congleton,  any  com communication  munication communication  had  been  made  to  the  Guardians  of  the  Congle Congleton  ton Congleton  vutv.  va  bba  —4,3nn4_J  Mr.  HART  said  no  communication  had  been  lima.  co  41,..  Congleton  Guardians.  Mr.  Hobson  had  some  girls  from  them  before  ;  he  was  a  highly  respectable  man,  and  pro  - STYLE=superscript  ved  a  kind  master.  THE  HEALTH  OF  THE  TOWN.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said,  although  the  Medical  Relief  Commit Committee  tee Committee  had  no  official  report  to  make,  yet  he  was  happy  to  say  the  town  was  never  in  a  more  healthy  state.  In  six  of  their  districts  they  had  no  diarrhea  at  all,  and  in  the  others  there  were  only  a  few  cases,  numbering  perhaps  nine  altogether.  Yesterday  they  had,  unfortunately,  a  very  malignant  case  of  English  Cholera,  presenting  itself  in  Paul-street,  and  re removed  moved removed  to  the  Hospital  here,  and  the  party  had  since  died.  With  that  exception  there  had  been  no  other  case.  The  cases  now  remaining  in  the  House  were  reduced  to  four.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  DENTON  here  rose  and  was  about  to  put  the  question  of  which  he  had  given  notice,  when,  Mr.  Moss  rose  amidst  laughter,  and  complaining  of  a  very  objectionable  practice  which  he  had  witnessed  at  the  Work Workhouse  house Workhouse  on  the  previous  day.  He  alluded  to  the  system  of  fever  patients  being  conveyed  to  the  Workhouse  in  cabs,  whilst  the  Workhouse  van  was  idle.  He  suggested  that  no  person  should  be  received  into  the  fever  ward  unless  conveyed  there  in  the  Workhouse  van.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said  this  could  not  be  done.  Persons  were  often  brought  by  their  own  friends,  and  how  could  they  con control  trol control  them  ?  _  _  _  Mr.  GARDNER  said  they  should  inform  the  Car  Commit Committee,  tee, Committee,  and  they  would  make  a  regulation  against  it.  Mr.  Moss  believed  there  was  a  law  against  it.  Several  members  expressed  an  opinion  that  it  was  a  mat mater  er mater  in  which  the  Vestry  could  not  interfere.  Mr.  Moss  :  If  you  are  satisfied  I  am  not.  Mr.  GARDNER  :  They  do  not  like  to  ride  in  a  pauper  van;  they  like  to  come  respectable.  NEW  MAGISTRATES.  Mr.  DENTON  then  proceeded  to  put  the  question  of  which  he  had  given  notice.  This  question  resolved  itself  into  two  considerations,  first  one  of  expense  to  the  parish,  and  se secondly,  condly, secondly,  disappointment  on  their  part  at  the  newly  appointod  magistrates  not  attending  to  the  duties  for  which  they  were  intended.  The  Select  Vestry  had  provided  suitable  accom accommodation  modation accommodation  here  for  the  magistrates,  and  also  for  the  parties  who  were  to  be  sent  to  Ireland.  The  magistrates  of  that  day  refused  to  attend,  and  the  consequence  was  a  batch  of  new  magistrates  were  appointed  on  the  application  of  the  Vestry.  From  all  he  could  learn  those  new  magistrates  had.  also  refused  to  perform  those  duties.  Now,  he  wanted  to  know  the  truth  whether  it  was  so  or  not.  If  it  were  the  truth,  the  parish  had  been  put  to  the  expense  of  £2,000  or  £3,000.  which  was  of  no  earthly  use,  and  they  would  occupy  premisesin  Riley-streetperpetually.  He  didnot  by  any  means  wish  to  attach  undue  importance  to  this  subject,  and  he  would  merely  put  the  question  of  which  he  had  given  notice  The  reason  why  the  pass-office  in  St.  Paul's Paul'ssquare  square Paul'ssquare  has  not  been  given  up,  and  the  business  of  that  from  laahniega  d STYLE=superscript  at  i STYLE=superscript  thl  l STYLE=superscript  tast  w STYLE=superscript  rnaU  l STYLE=superscript  k  s STYLE=superscript  ,  e STYLE=superscript  t  ' STYLE=superscript  n  ' STYLE=superscript  at  i STYLE=superscript  k  Atm%  been  anticipated  by  a  report  from  the  committee,  and  he  listened  with  attention  to  hear  such  a  report  read.  Mr.  BRADLEY  remarked  that  the  delay  had  been  occa occasioned  sioned occasioned  by  the  continued  absence  of  Mr.  Johnson,  who  had  been  detained  out  of  town  a  few  days  longer.  But,  as  soon  as  he  did  come,  the  subject  would  be  taken  up  in  a  proper  manner.  It  was  impossible  for  the  committee  to  meet  until  his  return  ;  and  then  the  report  would  be  of  such  a  character  as  to  give  satisfaction  to  Mr.  Denton,  and  the  members  generally.  Mr.  Moss  confeised,  without  understanding  much  of  the  matter,  (laughter)  he  agreed  with  Mr,  Denton.  It  was  really  too  bad  that  three  months  should  elapse,  and  the  business  of  the  parish  not  be  attended  to,  becau  se STYLE=superscript  Mr. STYLE=superscript  Johnson  was  an  invalid,  and  that  application  should  be  made  to  the  Secretary  of  State,  for  an  increased  number  of  magistrates,  and  then  that  months  should  elapse,  and  those  magistrates  should  have  taken  no  interest  in  parish  affairs.  It  had  been  intimated  to  him  that  those  magistrates  could  not  consistently  act  as  had  been  expected.  If  it  were  so,  a  great  many  harsh  remarks  might  have  been  spared  with  regard  to  the  old  magistrates.  They  performed  their  duties  most  satisfactorily,  and  they  ought  not  to  be  buffetted  about  from  place  to  place  to  perform  those  duties.  He  congratulated  the  new  magistrates  on  their  elevation  to  the  bench,  although,  but  for  the  Vestry,  they  should  not  have  got  there.  Mr.  BRADLEY  hinted  that  the  same  power  which  caused  their  elevation,  might  cause  their  removal.  Mr.  SAVAGE  said  he  had  it  from  one  of  the  new  magis magistrates,  trates, magistrates,  they  were  determined  to  take  no  interest  in  parish  affairs,  and  that  they  would  not  attend  here.  Mr.  DENTON  :  They  will  do  as  they  please.  The  CHAIMIAN  :  There  is  no  question  before  the  Vestry.  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  THE  AMERICAN  FisirEmEs.—The  Portland  Adver Advertiser  tiser Advertiser  states  that  the  schooner  Lookout;  Capt.  Littlejohn  arrived  at  that  port  from  Bay  Chaleur,  had  ninety  barrels  of  mackerel  taken  from  her  by  the  British  cruisers,  en  acconnt  of  alleged  fishing  within  the  prescribed  limits.  SQUIRREL  HUNT.—The  National  Intelligencer  pub publishes  lishes publishes  the  following  article  of  information  •  Eighteen  persons  in  Plymouth  Hollow,  Connecticut,  went  out  on  a  squirrel  hunt  for  one  day.  They  brought  in  at  night  twenty-nine  hundred  and  ninety  !  There  must  have  been  a  mess  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  squirrels  on  that  day.  It  is  not  to  be  understood  that  in  cases  of  squirrel  hunts,  common  in  many  parts  of  the  country,  the  number  of  animals  literally  suffer,  in  propriis  perssonis.  The  Squirrel  is  the  unit  of  a  conventional  currency,  in  which  the  amount  of  game  is  reckoned.  A  bear  for  example  may  be  rated  perhaps  at  500  Squirrels,  a  Racoon  at  100,  a  wild  Tur Turkey  key Turkey  at  50,  and  a  Partridge  at  20,  or  at  whatever  other  rates  may  be  thought  suitable,  according  to  the  difficulty  of  bagging  the  respective  animals,  and  the  desire  of  making  a  handsome  mount.  BLOOMSBURY  COUNTY  COURT.—A  case  of  consider•  able  importance  to  railway  companies  was  beard  at  the  above  court.  The  proceedings  were  taken  by  G.  Clive,  Esq.,  the  judge  at  the  Southwark  County  Court,  against  the  North-  Western  Railway  Company,  to  recover  the  sum  of  108.  6d.,  which  had  been,  as  he  conceived,  improperly  charged  to  him,  and  which  he  had  paid  under  protest.  Mr.  Angell,  an  at attorney,  torney, attorney,  appeared  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Clive,  and  Mr.  H.  Grif Grifcard,  card, Grifcard,  the  barrister,  instructed  by  Mr.  S.  Carter,  their  solicitor;  attended  for  the  railway  company.  The  proceedings  occupied  some  time,  but  the  brief  facts  are  these  :—On  the  24th  Sep September  tember September  last,  Mr.  Clive  gave  directions  to  Mr.  Dyer,  the  pro proprietor  prietor proprietor  of  the  extensive  horse  repository  in  Dublin,  to  forward  three  horses  from  Dublin  to  London.  On  the  evening  of  the  21th,  M.  Clive  went  to  Euston-square  station,  and  informed  one  of  the  company's  servants  that  he  expected  three  horses  on  that  evening,  and  were,  he  had  not  the  least  doubt,  shipped  at  Dublin  on  the  evening  before.  He  also  inquired  at  what  time  the  train  by  which  they  had  been  forwarded  would  arrive,  and  not  being  able  to  reeeive  the  required  information  he  went  away  without  paying  for  the  transmission  of  the  animals.  On  the  same  evening,  at  eight  minutes  past  8  o'clock,  the  horses  arrived,  in  charge  of  Mr.  Clive's  servant  and  that  person  not  having  the  £l2  to  pay  fot  them,  the  animals  were  sent  to  the  Euston  Hotel  livery  stables  for  the  night.  On  the  following  day  Mr.  Clive  came  to  the  station,  paid  £l2  for  the  convey conveyance  ance conveyance  of  the  horses,  and  also  103.  6d.  for  the  night's  livery.  'this  latter  sum  he  paid  under  protest,  and  now  sought  its  re return,  turn, return,  on  the  grounds  that  the  company  had  no  legal  ground  for  such  a  charge.  Mr.  Giffard,  in  the  first  place,  urged  that  there  was  no  case,  and  contended  that,  as  Mr.  Clive  himself  could  not  state  what  time  the  horses  were  shipped  in  Dublin,  it  was  impossible  that  the  company's  officer  could  inform  him  at  what  time  the  animals  would  reach  Euston-square.  The  railway  company  could  not  hold  themselves  justified  in  incurring  the  responsibility  of  sending  three  valuable  horses  along  the  street,  and  they  could  not  do  better  than  send  the  horses  to  livery.  The  question  was,  whether  the  bill  was  not  a  perfect  reasonable  one.  The  learned  judge,  however,  gave  judgment  in  favour  of  the  plaintiff,  and  the  decision  seemed  to  cause  much  surprise  in  'out,  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
