text
"THE  PHILOSOPHY  OF  LANGUAGE  AND  LITERATURE.  (THIRD  ARTICLE.)  IT  is  a  .fact  not  •to  be  discredited,  that  men  of  genius,  names  fill  literature  and  flood  with  'a  •  golden  have  appeared  in  separatel  epochs  simultaneously  upon  the  .world's  stage'  Philesopliars:have  investig  a  t  e  d  th  e  cause  of  thi  Phenomenon,  and  bequeathed  to  mankind  the  re  suit  of  their  researches,  the  wisdom  of  which  not  for  .us  to  question,  although  it  requires  n  small  degree  of  credulity  to  receive  it.  -  Re  tlectiona  of  Poetry  and  Painting,'''  by  the  Abbe  dui  BOs,.  various  reasons  are  assigned  why  genius  is  thus  influenced,,  and  the  effects  which.,  air  eliniate,  and  other  natural'phenoinena  produce  ar.  said  •to  operate  powerfully  .  in.  producing  thi  singular  intellectual  development..  Be  this  as  i  may,.  the  fact  is  palpable.  We  see  the.  effeci  though:we  may,  not  be  able,  aposteriori,;  to  trace  its'  causation.  .  .  This  very  circumstance  ,  gave  rise  to  the  -  Four  Ages'  marked  'out  by  the  learned,  in  which  the  Arts  and  Sciences  remarkably  flourished;  such  as  the  Grecian  Age  ;  the  R  om  a  n  A  ge  ;  the  Age  of  Popp  Julius  IL  and  .Leo  X.  ;  .and  ,  that  of,  Louis  XV.  and  Queen.  Anne..  :The  writers  of  the  two  first,  ages  are  termed.-the  ancients  those  of  the  two  last  ages,  the  moderns;;.  -  Much  unprofitable  controversy  has  arisen  as  to  whether  the  ancients  or  moderns  possessed  the  higher  degree  of  getiitia.  France  especially  has  been  agitated  'with,•thiS  debate;  whilst  mankind  have  not  been  made  -the  wiser.  -  However,  whilst  we  honestly.  yield  the  palm  to  the  genius'  of  the  ancients  we  nuist,  at  the  same  timo'affirm,  that  the  moderns  possess  not  a  few  superior  advantages.  In  the  refinements  .]  of  Art  and  the'  progress  of  knowledge  they  cer certainly  tainly certainly  excel,  as  WOl  as  in  the  perfection  of  political  history.,  the  variety  of.  their  poetry,  and  the  arrangements  of  dramatic  performances.  &#34;'Among  the  ancients,  (as  has  been  well  observed)  we  find  higher  conceptions,  greater  simplicity;  more  original  fancy.  Amongthe  moderns,  sometimes  more  ;  art  and  correctness,  but  feebler  exertions  of  Still;  it  must  be  conceded,  that  among  s  t  the  Me  derns  stand  minds  in  noway  inferior  to.  any  that  the  Grecian  'or  Roman  ages  .  ever  .Produced.  We  take  ,but  ShakaPeare  and  and  'challenge  the  World  to  produce  intellects  superior  in  point  Of  poeti poetical  cal poetical  fervour  and  ,brilliant  genius  !  True,  the  moderns  have  had  privileges  of  which  the  ancients  - STYLE=superscript  were  de deprived.  prived. deprived.  The  latter  had.  to-travel  in  search  o  f  wis wisdom  dom wisdom  to  Oriental  climes.'  They  had  to  become  ac acquainted  quainted acquainted  with,  the  principal  sages  contemporary  with  themselves,  'who  were-renowned  for  their  phi philosophical  losophical philosophical  acumen,  as  Well  as  the  'splendor  _of  their  erudition.  Hefice  •  innuenise  labour—considerable  time  andmoney  hal  necessarily  to  he  devoted  in  order  to  - STYLE=superscript  attain  the  desired  ends,.  Few,  ther  e  f  ore  ,  compara comparalively  lively comparalively  Speaking.  could  pursue  knowledge,  much  legs  attain  to  any  degree  of  eminence,  in  the  republic  Of  letters=-although-  rewards,  in  the  shape  of  public  plaudits,  were  held  out  as  incentives  to  genius  - STYLE=superscript  and  as  the  recompense  of  literary  industry.'  Heredotus  read  his  history  to  enraptured  Multitudes  asseni  . STYLE=superscript  -  1;  bled  •  at  the  Olympic  games,.  and  was  crowned  in  presence  of  them  all.  Alluding  to,this  fad,  as  re-  I  I  corded  by  Lucian,  a  French  Writer  observes  It  1,  was  a  glorious,day,  and  the  most  affecting  delight  to  Rerodolus;  all  Greece,  assembled  at  the  Olympic  . STYLE=superscript  games,  declared  Whilst  they  ,  heard  :him  iread  his  'history,  that  they  thought  the  muses  spoke  by  his  .  mouth  ;  Which  occasioned  the  nine  books  of  hiS  Work  being  called  by.  the  name  of  the  inure  muses.  And  the  case  was  the  same  with  the  orators  and  poets  who  spoke  their  orations  and  read  their  poems  in-public.  How  great  a  spur  to  glory  !must  the  applauses  have  been  which  Were  ,received  before-  the  'eyes,  and  with  the  ACCla4iations  of  I;  almost  all  the  nation?  Surely,  z  anvthing  was  cal calciliated  ciliated calciliated  to  stimulate  genius,  and  proatice,  a  laudable  emulation  in  the  breasts'  of  her  .  children  th  e  ''honours  conferred:  by.  Greece  would  ,be  effectual  ;And  such  they  proved..  :  „Even  princes  did  not,:dik  dais  to  aspire  after  the  imperishable  laurels  whiCh  she  awarded  to  merit  •  The  galaxy  of  Grecian  lite literature  rature literature  is  studded  with  stars  of  the  first  magnitude.  Through  the  gloom  of  past  ages  they  radiate  the  present,,  and  the  dark  future  -wilt  yet  be  brightened  ,withtheir  beams..  After  )loner,  the  father  Of  p  oe  t  ry  ,  who,  according  'to  the  Parian  'marbleS,'floitriShed  907  years  B.  d.,  Greoce  prodtieed  Tyrtwits,  Anacreon,  ,Pindar;  Socrates,  'Herodottis  . STYLE=superscript  ,  the  father  of  history,  !Euripides;  Plato,  Aristotle,  DemostheneS,.Polybiusi  Pltitareh,  And  a  host  of  other  worthies.  So  highly  was  literature  hoponred  in-.  Greece,  that.  w  h  en  -  t  h  e  Athenian'army  had.'  been  defeated  .in  Sicily,  and  the  prisoners  sentenced-  to  death,  Such  of  them  as  '  could  recite  any.verses  Of  Euripides;  frbm  venera)  tion  for,  that  post;  who  belonged  to:  Athens,  had  perfect  freedom  immediately  affOrded  'thein.  And  again  )  when  a&#34;'  triumphant  campaign;  returned  to  . STYLE=superscript  Athens:  and  brought  with'  him  as  .a  relic,  the  bbnes  of  Thesens,the,,people  propoSed  prize  fdr  ,the  best  -tragic  poem  to  commemorate-the  event.  It  was  warmly  contended  Tor.  Sophooles  ;  who  was  then  young,  presented  his  virgin  poem,  and  wrested  -  the  prize  from  -his  •  competitor,  :  7 STYLE=superscript  Eschylus,  who  was  at  this  time  the  lion  oklie  theatre,  Judges  chosen  .  bY.lot,  decreed'  hi  m  '  the  honour;  and  he.  w  as  triumphantly  crowned  amid  the  deafening'  plaudits  of  the  vast  assembly  at  the  Olyniptts.  The'  faMe  of  the  Victor'  continued  with  his  life,  and  increased  with  hiS  years  ;  iziid,  it  last,  when  his  sons'deSired  a  judgment  against  him,  as  being  supeiwinnated,,  instead  of  a  defence,.  the  venerable-  old  man  recited  piece  .he  had  just  written,in  the  Presque()  of  the  judges  ;  an  d  a  t  once  gained  his  .object  .  „  .  The  growth  of  a  nation  has  been  fitly  compared  to  that  of  an  individual.  It  eitperlerieeS  first,'  the  weakness  of  infancy,  then  the  .buoyancy  of  youth  afterwards,  'the  maturity  of  manhood  ;  and  the  decrepitude  of  kge..  The.  lights  that  shone  .so  powerfully  in  Greece  •  became  partially  obscured.  arid  the  'favourites  9f  . STYLE=superscript  the  Muses  left  the  lamp  of  Science.  to  decay  on  their  own  altars,  in  :order  to_,  enkindle  it  •-  on  those  of  a  foreign  na nation;  tion; nation;  _by  whose  arms'  they  had'  finally  been  subdued  into  serfdom.  'After  the  f&amp;atiof  'Perseus,  thelast  'King  of  Maceilon,  over  a  thousand  gifted  sons  'of  Greece,  were:  driven  into  Italy  by  cdnirtiend  'of  their:  conquerors,  .  amongst  whom  was  The  ci-slebrated  Polybius,  author  of  the  Universal  in  .twelve  bOoks,  four  of  which  VVerilinlycoMplete  ;  With  Demosthenes  expired  the  eloquence  and  the,  liberty  of  Greece,  once  the  glory  Of  the  world  !  His  ,  voice  aroused  the  feelings  of  the  Athenians,  and  inspired  them  with  a  thirst  for  Liberty,  and  the  echo  of  that  Voice  Alas`  not  yet  died.  away  !  •  ,  .•  The  Romans  at  this  time  were  altogether  rude,  and  unskilled  in  the  arts.  Martial  renown  was  all  they  could  boast  of  until  the  conquest  of  Greece  brought,  learning  tb  their  shores.  This  praise  Irat`  been  honestly  conceded  to  the  ,  Greeks  by  Horace,  Who  (we  use  Francis'  Transla Translation)  tion) Translation)  :  When  conquered  Greece  brought  in  her  .captive  arts,  She  triumphed  o'er  her  savage  conquerors'  hearts  :  Taught,  oar  rough  verse  its  numbers  to  'refine,  •  And  our  rude  style  with  .  eleganee  to  •  •  ,  Indeed  Virgil,  in  the  .iEneid,  does  'uot  hesitate  to  speak  slightingly'  Of  the  arts;  and  in  the  most  elevated  strain  of.  language  to.  show  that  they  do  not  adorn  the  majesty  of  a  Ttoinan  subject.  Just  at  the  dose  of  8001i  , STYLE=superscript  V.1.  he  says  •  .  , STYLE=superscript  f  Others  more  soft  shall  carve  the  breathing  brass  ;  Nay,  living  looks,  T  think,'  from  Marble  draw;  Plead  causes  bther  ;,  .with  , STYLE=superscript  a.  wand  describe  The  heavenly  roads,  iind.traoe  the  riSing:stars.  Roman,-  remember  thou  to'rule  the  World  Be  theae'thy:  a  rts,  to  ftx  the  lay's  of  peace,  To  spare  the  'suppliant,  and  confoind  flits  •  And  Tully  in  Rlces  this  Candid  acknOwledgrneut  in  the  Jur  Book  of  hiS  It  iy  true  Greece  has"
