text
"COTTO;V  FROM  THE  RIVER  PLATE.  The  following  letter  on  the  subject  of  the  culti cultivation  vation cultivation  of  cotton  on  the  land  adjoining  the  River  Plate,  will  be  read  with  interest;  it  is  addressed  to  the  president  of  the  Manchester  Commercial  Association  :  Buenos  Ayres,  October  1,  1853.  Sir,—Observing  from  some  further  report,  published  in  the  Manchester  newspapers,  upon  samples  of  cotton  sent  from  the  River  Plate,  that  an  increasing  interest  is  felt  as  to  the  probability  of  these  countries  becoming  a  source  from  which  more  considerable  supplies  may  be  obtained,  I  think  it  advisable  not  to  delay  longer  in  sending  an  account  of  the  principal  points  of  information  I  have  so  far  been  able  to  obtain  on  this  subject;  first  remarking  that  the  letters  kindly  furnished  to  me  from  the  influence  of  the  association,  will,  I  trust,  be  productive  of  great  advantages.  The  un unsettled  settled unsettled  state  of  politics  that  prevailed  on  my  arrival  here,  prevented  my  being  able  to  avail  myself  of:the  offers  of  assist assistance  ance assistance  made  by  Mr.  Gore  and  M  r  .  Hunt,  nor  was  a  journey  to  the  interior  provinces  then  practicable.  From  Paraguay,  fortunately,  General  Lopez,  son  of  the  president  of  tint  country,  was  passing  through  this  city,  on  a  visit  to  Europe  ;  enabling  me  to  be  presented  to  him  by  Sir  Charles  Hotham,  who  has  rendered  me  every  assistance  and  given  me  more  valuable  information  as  to  that  country.  That  territory  appearing  to  hold  forth  more  prospect  of  success  in  the  cultivation  of  cotton,  I  have  been  induced  to  send  up  there  a  gentleman  possessing  the  requisite  talent  for  the  prosecu prosecution  tion prosecution  of  this  inquiry;  that,  by  devoting  more  time  thereto  he  may  be  enabled  to  hand  an  accurate  report  as  to  the  facilities  that  may  be  there  found.  In  this  he  will  be  much  assisted  by  the  valuable  letters  of  introduction  obtained  through  Sir  Charles  Hotham  from  General  Lopez,  to  the  Governor  of  Paraguay.  Time  has  not  yet  allowed  of  my  receiving  any  news  of  their  arrival,  so  I  shall  be  unable  to  hand  any  report  this  opportunity.  Even  here,  however,  I  would  observe,  that  much  more  attention  is  being  attached  to  the  country  of  Paraguay,  as  a  rich  field  of  enter enterprise,  prise, enterprise,  and  as  a  pioneer  to  what  we  hope  may  be  continued  efforts.  A  steamer  started  from  this  port  yesterday  to  that  destination,  conveying  a  company  recently  arrived  from  the  United  States,  said  to  be  well  supported,  consisting  of  several  directors,  and  conveying  with  them  machines  for  the  cultivation  and  cleaning  of  cotton,  tobacco,  sugar,  and  rice  :  saw  mills,  for  the  making  available  for  export  of  the  val valuable  uable valuable  wood  that  there  so  abounds  ;  and  other  machines,  cuitabla  for  the  development  of  Its  reaURITCS.  it  they  are  once  enabled  to  establish  a  footing  there,  and  especially  if  the  projects  of  steam  navigation  up  our  interior  rivers  is  accomplished,  great  results  may  attend  these  primary  efforts.  Some  of  the  interior  provinces  of  this  confederation  have  been  long  said  to  be  most  suitable  for  the  cultivation  of  cotton,  and  a  sample  pronounced  to  be  of  very  fine  quality,  from  one  of  them  (Tucuman),  was  last  year  exhibited  in  Manchester.  I  have  forwarded,  per  steamer,  another  sample  from  the  neighbouring  province  of  Catamarca,  whose  lands  are  reported  as  being  capable  of  producing  a  much  superior  article  to  any  other  of  these  states.  I  consider,  however,  that  a  great  difficulty  will  exist  in  the  development  of  this  cultivation  in  any  of  these  interior  provinces,  from  the  long  land  carriage  required  to  bring  it  to  an  exterior  market.  The  cost  of  the  best  qualities  there  as  plucked,  say  with  seed,  is  7  to  8  res.  per  arroba,  if  cleaned  up  there,  as  must  be  to  give  the  least  hope  of  successful  competition,  it  is  calculated  that  the  yield  would  give  about  25  per  cent,  of  gross,  thus  placing  the  cost  of  an  arroba  or  251  b.  at  an  average  of  30  res.  ;  expenses  of  cleaning  would  be  2  res.  ;  carriage  to  Buenos  Ayres,  per  arroba,  6  res.  ;  total,  38  res.  ;  which  taken  at  to-day's  rate  of  exchange,  would  net  per  lb.,  8  I  -sd.  I  n  Catamarca  the  cotton  tree  has  been  cultivated  regularly,  but  attention  never  having  been  paid  to  it  as  an  article  of  export,  the  production  has  never  increased.  It  is  a  perennial  plant,  sown  in  spring,  and  yielding  the  same  year.  It  grows  about  4ft.  to  sft.  high.  In  the  winter  it  is  cut  down;  but  the  following  spring  it  shoots  up  for  another  year's  yield.  No  great  cai  e  is  paid  to  it  till  the  time  of  gathering  the  pod,  when  it  is  regularly  plucked.  The  Paraguay  and  Cor Corrientes  rientes Corrientes  plants  are  of  the  same  class.  The  quality  of  the  Corrientes  cotton  has  so  far  been  much  inferior.  It  is,  how however,  ever, however,  in  the  same  latitude,  and  the  soil  is  rep  resen  t  e  d  as  being  equally  f  er  til  e  ,  and  from  its  geological  position  that  province  would  seem  to  be  the  most  preferable.  The  great  drawback  to  the  extension  of  this  cultivation  will  be  the  want  of  labour  :  the  population  of  Catamarca  is  not  more  than  40,000  ;  that  of  Tucuman  may  be  estimated  at  50,000.  But  even  so,  there  are  so  many  other  articles  of  production  of  great  value,  and  requiring  little  labour,  as  tobac  co  ,  sugar,  &amp;c.,  that  it  will  be  difficult  to  obtain  sufficient  hands'  for  the  plucking  and  cleaning  unless  expressly  imported.  The  re requirements  quirements requirements  of  the  native  population  are  few,  and  their  ambition  soon  satisfied.  It  is,  therefore,  almost  impossible  to  get  them  to  labour  for  more  than  their  actual  wants.  That  these  countries,  however,  present  many  facilities  and  advantages  for  the  extension  of  this  cultivation,  cannot  be  doubted  ;  and  equally  so  that  capital,  properly  laid  out,  would,  with  care  and  energy,  give  every  prospect  of  ample  profit.  But  the  commencement  of  this,  as  of  all  other  un undertakings,  dertakings, undertakings,  requires  to  be  followed  up  with  the  greatest  energy,  and  under  the  pu.sonal  superintendence  of  a  prac practical  tical practical  and  interested  party.  As  soon,  however,  as  I  obtain  the  reports  from  Corrientes  and  Paraguay,  I  purpose  having  the  pleasure  of  submitting  the  same  to  your  notice,  and  at  the  same  time  offering  a  few  remarks  as  to  what  may  appear  to  be  the  best  method  of  practically  carrying  out  this  culti cultivation;  vation; cultivation;  to  secure  to  it  the  most  probable  chance  of  success.  —I  remain,  sir,  your  most  obedient  servant,  J.  Aspinall  Turner,  Esq.,  President  of  the  W  DRABBER.  Manchester  Commercial  Association."
