text
"rium  LEEDS  TIMES.  INCREASE  OF  ClRCULATlON—averaging  from  9,000  to  10,000  Copies  Weekly  The  LEEDS  TIMES  is  now  at  the  head  of  all  the  Yorkshire  weekly  journals,  one  of  the  best  family  papers,  and  an  excellent  medium  for  advertisements.  P.  9  —Copy  forwarded  on  receipt  of  four  StamDS.  PARLIAM  I  NTARY  STAMP  RETURNS  FOR  THE  YEAR  1854.  PRESTON  GUARDIAD  Preston  Chronicle......  Preston  Pilot  .....  Lancaster  Guardian  .....  Lancaster  Gazette...  Ulverston  Advertiser  Blackburn  Standard  ,  It  wlll  be  seen  from  th  48,000  ....  71.000  3 STYLE=superscript  79,000  32g,5e0  above  that  the  number  of  stamps  issued  to  , STYLE=superscript  -erissued  to  all  the  other  papers  in  North  Lancashire  added  together.  MIIE  PREPAID  CHARGES  for  Advertising  in  the  PRESTON  GUABDIAN  are  4  Lines,  or  30  Words,  Is  6d,  if  prepaid.  .  8  Lines,  or  60  Words,  2s  Od,  if  prepaid,  Advertisess  will  do  well  to  remember  that  no  Advertisements,  however  short,  are  received  on  credit  under  2s  6d  each,  it  being  impossible  to  open  accounts  for  such  small  sums  and  collect  the  amounts  without  an  extra  charge.  Parties  residing  out  of  Preston  may  remit  accounts  of  lOs  and  under  in  postage  stamps;  above  that  amount  by  Post-office  order,  deducting  cost  of  order.  Agents  eat  of  Preston  must  prepay  all  advertisements  which  they  wish  to  t.e  inserted  at  the  prepaid  rates  otherwise  they  will  be  charged  credit  prices  GUARDIAN-OFFICE,  11.  FISIIERGATE,  PRESTON  NORTH  I  ,NCASHIRE  THE  PRESTON  CHRONICLE,  which  has  been  established  upwards  of  40  years,  has  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes  in  the  towns  of  Preston,  Blackburn,  Darwen,  Clithcroc,  Accrington,  Padibam,  Haslingden,  Fleetwood,  Kirkham,  Poulton,  Blackpool,  Lytham,  Garstang,  Lancaster,  Chor Chorley,  ley, Chorley,  Wigan,  Ormskirk,  Southport,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  as  well  as  among  the  agricultural  population  of  the  Fylde  and  West  Lancashire,  and  the  magistracy  and  gentry  of  the  entire  county,  especially  among  those  of  the  northern  division.  The  Chronicle  is  thus  an  excellent  medium  for  advertisements,  which  are  inserted  on  moderate  terms,  the  wh  ,, STYLE=superscript  le  amount  of  the  duty  being  allowed  to  the  public.  In  order  to  afford.  facilities  to  a  large  class  whom  the  comparatively  high  prices  of  advertisements  have  hitherto  prohibited  from  availing  them.  selves  of  the  best  way  of  making  their  wants  known,  an  advertise advertisement  ment advertisement  in  the  newspaper  is  charged  only  Is.  6d.  for  advertisements  of  four  lines,  or  not  more  than  30  words  ;  and  2s.  for  eight  line!,  or  60  words,  when  paid  in  advance.  The  scale  of  words  is  adopted  to  allow  persons  at  a  distance  to  accompany  their  orders  for  advertise.  ments  with  remittances  of  postage  stamps.  Several  applications  hsving  been  made  for  a  scale  of  charges  for  small  advertisements  to  appear  weekly,  to  allow  of  tradesmen  and  others  keeping  their  addresses  or  other  announcements  regularly  before  the  public,  we  are  induced  to  adopt  the  following  very  low  scale  of  charges  for  such  advertisements,  when  paid  quarterly,  in  advance  2  lines.  ......l  es  for  13  insertions  3  and  4  „  5  and  6  „  7  and  8  „  9  and  10  „  ..  ......  22s  for  1,  11  and  12  ~  ......  2ss  for  lt  Published  by  Dobson  and  Son.  Preston.  THE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE,  and  Advertiser  for  the  Principalities.  Published  at  Bangor,  every  FRIDAY  EVENING  in  time  for  the  early  posts  and  extensivelycirculated  every  SATURDAY  MORNING,  through throughout  out throughout  the  Six  Northern  Counties,  in  Cardiganshire,  and  In  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  best  medium  for  the  Publication  of  ♦dvertisements,  being  read  by  all  parties,  on  account  of  the  spirited  and  independent  tone  of  its  Leading  Articles,  the  extent  and  accu accuracy  racy accuracy  of  its  Local  Reports,  and  the  variety  and  comprehensiveness  of  its  Foreign  and  Domestic  Intelligence,  Its  Original  Correspondence,  its  reliable  accounts  of  the  Corn  and  Cattle  Markets,  and  other  infor information  mation information  suitable  to  the  great  interests  of  the  Country;  and  circulating  chiefly  amongst  the  Iclasses  who  have  property  to  dispose  of  and  ability  to  purchase.  Offensive  Medical  Advertisement  s  are  excluded  from  its  columns.  The  charges  for  prepaid  Advertisements  are—two  lines  Is.  ;  three  lines,  is.  6d.;  six  lines.  25.;  nine  lines,  2s.  6d.;  twelve  lines,  35,;  fifteen  lines,  3s.  6d.  ;  eighteen  lines,  45.;  twenty.one  lines,  4s.  6d.;  and  6d.  for  every  two  lines  additional.  The  NORTH  - STYLE=superscript  WALES  CHRONICLE  was  established  in  the  year  1826,  and  is  therefore  the  oldest  paper  in  the  district,  and  has  been  very  greatly  enlarged  and  improved.  The  price  of  the  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE,  unstamped.  to  be  had  at  the  office  hi  Bangor  only,  is  Sad.;  stamped,  to  be  had  of  the  agents  in  the  various  towns,  or  directed  to  any  place,  W.  per  copy;  nineteen  shillings  and  sixpence  per  annum,  in  advance;  twenty-one  shillings  per  annum  on  credit.  The  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  is  duly  registered  at  the  Post-office  for  all  postal  privileges.  Ordersand  Advertisements  are  respectfully  solicited  by  AUGUSTUS  ROBERT  MARTIN,  Proprlotor,  To  whom  all  Bank  and  Post-office  orders  shn  Id  be  made  tr.yable  THE  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  is  now  reduced  in  price  (though  not  in  size),  to  E STYLE=superscript  of  the  .....,,  ,  TAIIrED  TWOPENCE,LY  UMNAsakarcrominTsHalltlEthEePNrevwos  The  DAI  day,  condensed  and  selected  from  the  principal  newspapers,  as  well  as  correspondence  from  the  various  districts  of  the  country.  To  Local  News  of  every  kind  a  large  space  is  devoted;  and  it  contains  exclusively  the  Latest  Intelli Intelligence  gence Intelligence  from  all  parts  of  the  Continent  received  by  Submarine  Telegraph,  generally  a  day  in  advance  of  other  papers  It  has  been  for  some  years  the  leading  and  most  influentia  Journal  in  the  West  of  Scotland,  and  at  present  a  cir•  culation  greater  than  that  of  some  of  the  London  Morning  Journals  ;  but  as  a  large  increase  will  result  from  the  re reduction  duction reduction  in  price,  no  better  medium  exists  for  such  Adver Advertisements  tisements Advertisements  as  are  addressed  to  the  wealthy  and  influential  classes  of  Glasgow,  and  the  wide-s  prea  d,  populous  manufacturing  districts  around  and  dependent  upon  the  desired  s  es  u  ir  se  e  d  d  western  Capital.  To  all  places  where  Railway  or  Steamho_stf  ,  a  w  ci  h  li  i  t  e  i  h  es  w  e  i  x  n:  tend,  arrangements  will  be  made  to  send  the  DAILY  MAIL  in  parcels,  Unstamped  ;  hut  if  the  post  fd  -office  f  h  o  o  r  w  t  e  r  v  a  e  n  r  s  ,  m  e  i  n  s  t  s  i  i  t  o  l  n  e  ,ththeemPtaopers  retransmissionmust  3e  sta  a  m  s  for  a  limited  period  after  Publication._  The  price  of  the  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  will  be—  ITnstamped,  Stamped,  In  Advance.  In  Advance.  For  a  Quarter,.....l4s.  6d.  ......  13s.  ......  21s.  6d.  2os.  ~  a  Half-year  , STYLE=superscript  —29  s.  .....  265.  43s.  4os.'  ,  a  Year,  .••••  5 STYLE=superscript  75.  ..  ..525.  B6s.  Bos.  •  A  first-class  I STYLE=superscript  Paper  can  thus  be  had  for  a  shilling  a  wee  k,  and  to  a  club  of  tour  the  cost  will  be  only  thre,  pence  each.  Orders  received  at  the  MAIL  0  fficesT  E  piNBURGL  .:  102  to  114,  UNION  STREET,  GI,  A  SOO  mr mr-14,  -14, mr-14,  SOUTH  ST  AN  DREW  STREET,  And  by  all  Country  New-11"
