text
"SPORTISO  INTELLIGE,YC.E.  WOLVERHAMPTON  RACES.-TUESDAY.  ANNUAL  STEEPLE  CHASE.  Topsy  Seven  ran.  SELLING  STEEPLE  CHASE.  Tulip  Sir  Philip  HURDLE  RACE  Half  and  Half  Colt,  by  Drayton  Eighteen  ran.  1  2  PUBLIC  ACCOUNTS  OF  FLLNTSIIIRE.—We  understand  that  a  :  Mr.  Williams,  clerk  to  Mr.-  T.  W.  Eyton,  the  county countytreasurer  treasurer countytreasurer  of  Flintsbire,  has  been  found  a  defaulter  to  the,  extent  of  several  hundred  pounds.  ROBBERY  AT.  PRESTWICIL—Mr.  W.  Wright,  Prestwich,  formenly  a  mechanic,  but  latterly  practising  as  a  dentist  the  town  of  which  he  bears  the  name,  has  been  committed)  for  trial  for  receiving  certain  watches,  stolen  on  .the  occasion  of  the  marriage  of  the  Earl  of  Wilton's  daughter  in  Octo  ...  1 STYLE=superscript  11  last.  ,  ,  r.  -  '  ~ STYLE=superscript  .i  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  RIPON.-The  Oriental  .  conipim  'IP  steamer,  Ripon,  arrived  at  Southampton  yesterday  morniil  with  the  heavy  portion  of  the  India  and  China  mails.  ;  thr,  cargo  consisted  of  39  parcels  of  gum;  95  bales  of  'wool,  81  bales  flax,  65  barrels  of  dates,l6  packages  elephants'  tusks,  2  barrels  mother-of-pearl,  2  cases  tortoiseshell,  580  bundles  _._  raw  silk,  240  cases  general  merchandise,  and  a  small  amount  of  specie.  At  Alexandria,  labourers  were  very  scarce,  on  account  of  the  war  with  Russia.  ,  FATAL  ACCIDENT  AT  THE  QUAY.—About  midnight  on  '  is  Fridao,  when  the  fog  which  then  over.spread  the  city,  0  very  dense  the  ,  private  watchmann  over..  board  -l STYLE=superscript  o  l STYLE=superscript  fn  'V  1  lying  near  the  RecesS  Ferry  stair,  south  side,  heaid  ibh  '  vy  plunge  in  the  water,  and  immediately  apprised  the  Policr._  man  on  the  beat,  who,  with  five  other  officers,  procured  the  life  hook  and  dragged  the  river,  but  without  success.  No  thing  was  seen  bloating  in  the  water  but  a  blue  cloth  cap.  The.  person  supposed  to  be  drowned,  was  one  of  the  hands  on  board  .the  schooner  Hope,  of  Wexford,  as  he  has  been':  .  Missing,  and  when  last  seen  was  the  worse  of  liquor.  'Up  to  last  night  the  body  had  not  been  recovered.—Noath  British  43fail  ANOTHER  CASE  OF  STABBING.—A  man  named  jobn  Rocker,  a  labourer,  about  40  years  of  age,  was  remanded  on  a  charge  of  stabbing  no  less  than  three  persons.  It  appears  that  all  the  parties  were  engaged  in  a  row  in  Oriel-street,  and  that  the  prisoner  who  is  said  to  be  the  companion,of  the  man  who  stabbed  the  policeman  in  the  same  -street&amp;  short  time  since,  cried  Oid  fhat  fie  would'sta  it  amen  I  and  suffer  like  his  friend.  One  of  tbe  wdriCen;  howeikr,  there  being  two  of  them  stabbed,  stated  that  the  prisdher  was  not  the  party  who  used  the  knife,  but  a  man  of  the  name  of  John  Lynch,  who  escaped  from  the  police-officer  who  went  to  arrest  him,  through  a  sky-light.  5  A  PILGRIMAGE.—The  quay  at  Marseilles,  a  few  dttys  since,  presented  a  very  picturesque  and  singular  appearance',  from  the  presence  of  a  large  body  of  Mussulrnan  pilgrims,  who  had  returned  from  Mecca  and  landed  from  the  steam steampacket  packet steampacket  Louqsor.  They  had  pitched  their  tents  during-t4e  night  on  the  quay,  and  remained  there  wrapped,up  only  in  their  burnouses,  and  in  the  morning  proceeded  to  their  rt  r  ligious  cermonies,  and  prepared  and  took  their  morning  meal  of  cuscoussou.  The  calmness  with  which  they  went  about,  their  occupations  contrasted  in  a  singular,  paper  with  the  bustle  which  prevailed  on  the  quays,  but  not  prevent  ,  them  from  tranquilly  sipping  their  MOcha  add  smoking  their  chibouks.  Among  tlie  efiraVan'  was  only  one  woman,  who  was  of  an  advanced  ~age,  but  ,  was  care carefully.concealed  fully.concealed carefully.concealed  by  the  Arabs  from  the  gaze  of  the  Chris Christians.  tians. Christians.  The  party,  the  majority  of  whom  are  fromlt  Oro  ,  have  left  by  a  steamer  for  Algiers  '  '  BIRKENHEAD  TEMPERANCE  SOClETY.—Lastiiiilit  A  soiree  was  held  in  the  school-room  of  the  'United  Prekt*  Church,  Grange-lane,  Birkenhead.  pie  school-roorWiitts  tastefully  decorated  for  the  occasion,  'and  after  a  veriw  cellent  tea,  at  which  about  400  ladies  and  gentlemen  partook,  L.  Heyworth,  Esq.,  was  requested  to  ,preside.  The,  chair chairman,  man, chairman,  in  the  course  of  his  observatory,  expressed  te,  deep  regret  he  felt,  and  lie  had  no  doubt  but  that  the  meeting  equally  regretted  the  absence  of  the  president  of  the  society,  Smith  Ilarnson,  Esq.,  and  the  minister  Of  the  Presbyteri4n  church,  the  Rev.  James  Towers;  both  of  whom  were  -pre -prevented STYLE=superscript  vented -prevented  from  attending  through  indisposition.  The  present  movement  he  said  was  one  ;:f  the'  greatest  importer:L  - STYLE=superscript  6AF.  mankind  generally,  as  its  ifis:;he  total  stipretion  `of  the  use  of  intoxicating  li  gnat,'  acknowledg,  e  b'v  the  judges  of  the  land,  the  chaplains  ot  the  bridewells,  and  a  large  number  of  the  medical  profesSion,  to  be  the  cause  of  most  of  the  crime,  the  misery,  the  poverty,  and  disease  that  prevailed,  and  that  at  least  60,000  persons  died  annu annually  ally annually  from  its  use.  Lately  there  had  been  a  revolution  in  China,  owin  g  to  the  attempt  to  prevent  the  use  of  opium  amongst  the  Chinese  ;  but  while  the  present  government  knew  that  intoxicating  drinks  were  equally  destructive  to  life  in  England,  yet  no  steps  were  taken  by  them  to  endea endeavour  vour endeavour  to  prevent  its  use.  He  had  been  a  total  abstainer  for  the  last  twenty  years,  and  had  at  first  hpeome  so  for  the  sake  Of  example  to  others  ;  and  he  could  recommend  as  a  beverage  the  pure  water  that  flowed  from  the  spring.  Having  pointed  out  the  benefits  which  would  arise  from  the  general  adoption  of  the  teetotal  precepts,  which  were  daily  becoming  more  popular,  and  included  in  its  lists  men  of  all  colors,  amongst  whom  were  the  king  and  queen  of  Sweden;  the  former  of  whom  expressed  his  intention  of  doing  something  to  curtail  the  use  of  grain,  in  making  intoxicating  drinks,  which  tended  to  undermine  the  best  feelings:of  the'  popa popalation,  lation, popalation,  he  said  that  he  expected  more  good  results  would  accrue  from  the  present  committee  of  the  house  of  commons,  on  the  licensing  system,  concluded  an  able  address,  of  which  the  foregoing,  for  want  of  space,  is  but  a  brief  summary,  by  hoping  to  see  these  principles  fully  '  develop  e  d.  The  meeting  was  subsequently  addressed,  in  a  very  eloqut  '  speech,  by  Mr.  J.  E.  Littleboy,  of  Wrexham,  Mr.  M'Carthv  and  other  gentlemen.  The  'Chairman  having  been  . STYLE=superscript  coinpellea  to  retire,  the  chair  was  taken  by  Mr.  R.  C.  Rawlings,  and  after  a  most  pleasant  and  agreeable  evening,  the  meeting  separated.  THE  LrvEnrooL  WArrEns.—The  waiters  of  Liverpool—.  not  the  upon  Providence  on  dinner,  and  other  parties  have  memorialised  the  borough  council  of  Liverpool,  complaining  of  an  infringement  of  their  privi privileges.;  leges.; privileges.;  By  whatever  term  it  may  be  proper  to  designate  the  matter  of  which  they  complain,  a  simple  statement  of  it  will  convince  every  considerate  person  that  it  is  a  grievance.  There  are  a  number  of  persons  in  the  employment  of  the  corporation  of  Liverpool,  both  at  the  Town-hall  and  the  other  public  offices,  who  act  as  waiters  at  corporate  banqnetS,  and  other  public  celebrations  of  a  convivial  nature,  and  who  are  permanently  employed,  and  at  fixed  salaries,  payable  from  the  borough  fund,  very  many  of  them—if  not  all  of  them—are  in  the  habit  of  hiring  themselves  out  to  attend  companies,  not  on  dining  corporate  interest,  and  theie  ordi  f  narily  obtain  a  preference,  as  will  be  easily  understood,  offer  those  humble,  but  useful,  men  who  are  solely  dependent  iii  such  engagements  for  a  livelihood.  It  is  against  this  the  waiters'  c  omplain  in  their  memorial  ;  and  we  think  with  justice.  They  complain  of  a  favoured,  a  class,  who,  being,  in  part,  maintained  by  public  funds,  ont'of  rates,  too,  to  which  the  complainants  contribute,  enter  into  competition  with  their  less-fortunate  brethren,  upon  terms  which  leave  the  latter  no  more  than  the  gleanings  of  that  field  over  which  the  others  sweep  without  restraint.  The  public  have,  in  fact,  no  chance  against  the  Town-hall  Now,  if  the  latter  are  not  paid  well  enough,  let  us  discuss  their  case  ;  but  as  long  as  the  former  conduct  themselves  honestly,  civilly,  and  actively,  let  us  .i  rlo  t  t  subsidjr  others  to  en STYLE=superscript  ikilVVAT  - STYLE=superscript  ENT  BRICKMAKING  AfICHINE.  A  machine  has  recently  been  invented  and  patented  by  Mr.  Clayton,  which  undertakes  to  bring  solid  bricks  within  the  range  of  machine  power.  The  improvement  consists  in  the  construction  of  moulding  orifices  or  dies,  having  floating  sides  formed  by  vertical  rollers,  instead  of  the  fixed  sides  used  hereto heretofore,  fore, heretofore,  the  rollers  rotating  while  the  clay  is  delivered  through  the  die,  and  thus  producing  a  sharpness  and  neatness  in  tho  edges  of  the  brink  which  had  previously  been  found  unattainaVit,  in  manufacture  of  bricks  through  dies.  The  machine  pugs  of  p  repares  t  h  e  clay  and  makes  the  bricks  at  ono  and  the  =ea..  time.  One  of  the  leading  features  observed  is  a  continuous  delivery.  The  action  of  the  blades  as  or ordinarily  dinarily ordinarily  set  can  produce  only  an  intermittent  delivery;  but  in  this  case  there  is  an  arrrngement  of  blades  by  which  the  clay  is  subjected  to  a  continuous  lateral  thrust,  effected  on  either  side  of  the  die  through  the  moulding  orifices.  The  machine  seen  in  operation  yesterday  was  worked  by  ono  horse,  a  man  to  feed  the  machine,  and  two  boys  to  clear  off  the  bricks  at  the  sides.  Four  or  five  revolutions  were  per performed  formed performed  in  a  minute,  and  in  that  time  sufficient  clay  was  given  out  to  make  25  bricks.  In  the  London  district,  which  in  brickmaking,  as  in  so  many  other  processes,  appears  to  take  the  lead,  a  pallet  moulder  will  turn  out  5,000  bricks  in  a  day,  in  doing  which  he  requires  the  assistance  of  a'  clot  moulder  and  five  other  hands,  and  also  that  of  a  horse.  In  the  country  districts,  where  the  clot  moulder  is  dispensed  with,  3,000  is  the  average.  Assuming  25  a  minute  as  the  average  production  of  the  machine,  the  multiplication  of  that  number  by  60,  and  of  the  product  again  by  60,  will  give  15,000  in  ten  hours;  but  from  this  will  probably  have  to  be  deducted  two  or  three  thousand  for  unavoidable  stop stoppages,  pages, stoppages,  leaving,  perhaps,  a  general  average  of  12,000  a  day.  Such  is  the  inventor's  estimate,  The  cost  of  a  machine  of  one-horse  power  is  stated  to  be  about  1001.  The  machine  also  turns  off  hollow  bricks  and  tiles.  33irtb4,  ant(  Otatint..  BIRTHS  At  Grosvenor-square,  the  wife  of  William  Brougham,  Esq.,  of  a  son.  At  Conway-street,  Everton,  the  wife  of  Mr.  Thomas  W.  Lee,  of  a  daughter.  MARRIAGES.  At  Christ-church,  Everton,  by  the  Rev.  W.  H.  Wright,  Mr.  Thos.  Boylan&amp;  engineer,  to  Miss  Anne  smith  At  Antony,  Cornwall,  Henry  Maxwell  Lefroy,  Esq.,  of  Fremantle,  Western  Australia,  to  Annette,  daughter  of  the  late  David  Fryar  Bate,  Esq.,  of  Torpoint.  DEATHS.  At  Glasgow,  aged  52.  Mr.  James  Seruton,  son  of  Mr.  Scruton,  Professor  of  Music,  of  this  town,  and  formerly  of  the  Theatre  Royal,  under  the  management  of  the  celebrated  ewts.  At  Southampton,  in  her  66th  year,  Jane.  relict  of  William  Amor  Esq.  At  Chester,  in  his  49th  year,  Joshua  Coddington,  Captain  Royal  Engineers."
