text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  Owing  to  a  pressure  of  news  we  are  compelled  to  omit  a  report  of  the  proceedings  of  the  Salford  Town  Council,  which  we  shall  publish  to-morrow..  THE  CURIOUS  AFFILIATION  CASE.—Mr.  Wybergh  has  called  upon  us  to  say  that  he  had  no  commumcation  with  the  reporters  for  the  Mercury,  in  reference  to  the  affiliation  case,  Wilcock  n.  beyond  that  which  inci incidentally  dentally incidentally  took  place  in  the  magistrates  '  room,  at  the  sessions  house.  Mr.  M'Clellan's  statement,  therefore,  that  Mr.  Wyberg  had  called  at  the  Mercury  office,  is  altogether  inaccurate.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILL3IER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  seen  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  Xlittlyrit  Nig  Cum  THURSDAY,  NOVEMBER  17,  1853.  THE  intelligence  which  comes  crowding  in  from  every  quarter  relative  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  war  in  the  East,  is  so  confounding  that  it  is  almost  impossible  to  follow  the  real  historical  thread  of  events.  It  appears,  however,  that  on  the  21st  of  October,  at  Constan Constantinople,  tinople, Constantinople,  the  greatest  excitement  was  produced  by  the  publication  of  the  SULTAN'S  manifesto.  This  document  had  been  previously  read  at  a  National  Assembly,  when  the  SULTAN  announced  his  inten intention  tion intention  to  buckle  on  the  sword—to  proceed  to  Adrian Adrianople—and  ople—and Adrianople—and  march  at  the  head  of  his  troops.  in  this  resolve  MAHMOUD  shows  that  he  has  not  for forgotten  gotten forgotten  the  post  which  his  kingly  ancestors  have  filled  with  so  much  honour  to  themselves  and  their  country.  Simultaneously  with  the  announcement  of  the  SULTAN'S  movements,  we  learn  that  a  depu deputation  tation deputation  had  arrived  at  Shiraz,  from  Affghanistan,  which  came  to  induce  the  SHAH  of  Persia  to  declare  openly  against  Russia.  This  event  is  said  to  have  produced  a  deep  sensation  in  the  Persian  Court,  and  that  the  SHAH  did  all  in  his  power  to  suppress  an  Anti-Russian  demonstration.  It  is  most  difficult  to  decide  on  the  value  which  ought  to  be  placed  in  such  statements  as  the  above.  The  feelings  and  actions  of  DosT  MAHOMED  being  thoroughly  anti-British,  it  is  not  likely  that  his  Mussulman  predelictions  would  be  sufficiently  strong  to  sanction  the  departure  of  any  such  de deputation  putation deputation  from  his  dominions.  The  part  which  this  ruler  may  eventually  take  in  the  pending  contest,  however,  is  matter  of  such  importance  as  to  pro produce  duce produce  the  most  anxious  solicitude  on  the  subject,  and  we  feel  assured  that  such  is  felt  by  the  public.  In  the  meantime  50,000  Turks  have  crossed  the  Danube  at  Kalarxil,  between  the  27th  of  October  and  the  3rd  of  November.  On  the  4th  instant  the  Russian  army  was  de defeated  feated defeated  at  Oltenitza,  with  the  loss  of  3,000  men.  From  this  date  to  the  11th  hostilities  in  this  direction  were  confined  to  skirmishing  on  the  outposts.  During  this  interval  the  Turks  had  collected  a  force  of  twenty-four  thou thousand  sand thousand  men  at  Oltenitza  and  an  equal  number  at  Kalafat.  After  the  defeat  at  Oltenitza  the  Russians  retreated  to  Budexhli,  between  Bucharest  and  the  scene  of  their  defeat.  At  this  point  the  Russian  force  amounted  to  35,000  men.  The  victory  of  the  Turks  on  the  4th  inst.  tends  most  positively  to  disprove  the  previous  rumour  of  their  defeat  by  Prince  Gortschakoff.  The  intelligence  we  are  enabled  to  lay  before  our  readers  to-day  not  only  confirms  the  truth  of  the  reports  previously  received,  but  adds  a  list  of  brilliant  achievements  by  the  Turkish  arms  to  those  already  recorded.  The  Russians  are  making,  as  we  predicted  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  a  precipitate  retreat  towards  Cronstadt,  in  the  Russian  province  of  Transylvania.  This  town  is  not  a  military  position  of  any  note,  and  will,  in  all  probability,  share  the  fate  of  Bucharest,  through  which  the  Turkish  army  is  said  to  have  marched,  leaving  the  town  in  flames  in  three  places.  Considering  the  character  of  Eastern  towns  generally,  there  is  little  doubt  of  this  city  being  reduced  to  ashes.  The  most  in intrepid  trepid intrepid  act  of  the  Turkish  leaders  is  shown  in  de despatching  spatching despatching  their  left  wing,  amounting  to  15,000  men,  to  make  a  detour  through  the  Principality  of  Servia  to  intercept  the  retreat  of  the  Russian  troops.  This  movement  having  caused  considerable  alarm  in  Vienna,  the  Austrian  Government  had  given  orders  for  a  strong  army  corps  to  be  immediately  concentrated  in  Croatia.  Private  letters  from  Erzeroum  of  the  25th  ult.  state  that  the  Turks  had  concluded  an  alliance,  offensive  and  defensive,  with  the  Circassian  Chief  SCHAMYL,  and  with  the  Mussulmans  and  other  independent  Tribes  in  certain  districts  in  Asia.  These  countries  can  furnish  80,000  warriors  well  practised  in  mountain  warfare.  This  event  places  the  CZAR  in  a  two-fold  difficulty,  and  bids  fair  to  rescue  CIRCASSIA  from  his  iron  grasp.  The  Russian  garrison  at  Sebastopol,  however,  had  marched  against  the  Caucasians.  The  Garrison  was  re replaced  placed replaced  by  15,000  men  from  Odessa.  These  were  replaced  by  troops  from  Vecesenek.  OMAR  PASHA  had  crossed  the  Danube  in  person,  with  35,000  men,  ready  to  receive  Prince  GORTS GORTSCHAKOFF,  CHAKOFF, GORTSCHAKOFF,  who  threatened  to  attack  the  Turkish  position.  In  addition  to  all  this  startling  and  highly  satisfactory  intelligence,  Constantinople  letters  of  the  31st  announce,  that  as  soon  as  the  news  of  the  occurrences  in  Bulgaria  reached  Constanti Constantinople,  nople, Constantinople,  it  was  communicated  to  the  representatives  of  France  and  England;  and  they  advised  that  the  war  should  be  continued  on  the  29th,  The  French  Envoy  waited  on  the  SULTAN,  and  in  the  name  of  his  Emperor,  placed  the  French  General  BOSQUET  at  his  disposal,  with  six  other  officers  of  rank,  who  would  arrive  on  the  2nd  of  November.  During  the  audience,  mention  was  made  of  40,000  French  soldiers,  who  would  be  landed  wherever  the  SULTAN  might  be  pleased  to  direct.  LORD  STRAT STRATFORD,  FORD, STRATFORD,  On  his  side,  declared  that  the  English  fleet  would  enter  the  Black  Sea,  and  act  on  the  coast  with  the  Turkish  vessels.  A  corps  of  from  15,000  to  20,000  men  will  be  kept  in  readiness  at  Malta  to  occupy  Greece,  if  that  county  should  attempt  anything  against  the  Porte.  3,000  wounded  men  have  been  taken  to  the  hospitals  at  Bucharest.  M.  BAsiLI,  the  Russian  Consul  General  in  Syria,  has  sailed  for  Leghorn.  8,000  Druses  and  Naplou Naplousians  sians Naplousians  under  Emit  ENIM,  are  preparing  to  proceed  to  Constantinople.  The  Greeks  had  offered  to  advance  money  to  the  PORTE  by  way  of  loan.  All  the  Russian  pontoons  had  been  sent  to  Giurgevo.  The  Turkish  forces  at  Oltenitza  consist  of  17,000  regular  infantry,  3,000  Bashi-Bozouks,  and  4,000  artillerymen,  commanded  by  General  PRIM.  Re Report  port Report  says  that  KLAPKA  will  supersede  him.  General  SOIMONOFF  is  said  to  have  dislodged  the  Turks  from  the  island  opposite  Giurgevo.  ISMAIL  PACHA  com commands  mands commands  24,000  Turks  at  Kalafat.  The  Russian  Go Government  vernment Government  has  appointed  a  governor  for  the  two-  Danubian  Principalities.  THE  Council  and  PRINCIPAL  of  King's  College  have  earned  for  themselves  a  very  unenviable  repu reputation.  tation. reputation.  These  self-constituted  Inquisitors  have  fulminated  their  first  decree,  and  condemned  their  first  victim  for  holding  certain  opinions,  not,  in  their  judgment,  in  accordance  with  the  principles  and  teaching  of  the  Anglican  Church.  The  result  is,  that  Professor  MAURICE  has  been  deprived  of  an  office  which  he  had  so  efficiently  filled,  and  emi eminently  nently eminently  adorned,  for  several  years.  The  publication  of  the  Theological  ori originally  ginally originally  called  forth  opposition  from  the  Inquisitor_  general  and  his  colleagues  of  the  Sacred  Tribu 'Tribunal.'  Inflated  with  a  supercilious  sense  of  personal  infallibility,  Dr.  JELF  took  upon  himself  to  pro pronounce  nounce pronounce  authoritatively  what  was  heresy  and  what  was  not—judging  of  the  doctrines  of  the  Church  not  so  much  by  her  canons  as  by  his  own  cranium— craniumhis  his craniumhis  dory,  of  course,  representing  pure  orthodoxy?,  He  first  took  occasion  to  remonstrate  with  - STYLE=superscript  sthe  reverend  delinquent,  but'the  answers  he  received,  and  the  explanations  afforded,  only  served  to  add  fuel  to  by  exasperating  his  ire  and  inflaming  his  resentment.  Finding  the  author  so  incorrigible  a  heretic,  he  finally  summoned  all  the  members  of  the  Council,  in  order  to  pass  sentence  of  excom excommunication  munication excommunication  upon  so  flagitious  a  dissentient  from  Church  principles  and  polity,  Dr.  JELF  himself  being  the  chief  exponent  of  both.  To  this  sum summons  mons summons  twenty  (out  of  fifty)  members  attended,  and  the  result  of  the  cabalistic  deliberation  was,  the  expulsion  of  Professor  MAURICE  from  all  honor,  office,  and  emolument,  in  the  said  King's  College.  Now,  it  is  essential  that  one  or  two  circumstances  should  be  borne  in  mind.  It  must  be  remembered  that  the  question  at  issue  was  entirely  of  a  theolo theological  gical theological  character,  having  reference  to  the  philology  of  the  phrase  in  connection  with  the  doctrine  of  future  punishments—Mr.  MAURICE  viewing  the  same  in  a  spiritual,  Dr.  JELF,  in  a  literal,  signification.  Now,  this  being  a  purely  theological  and  speculative  question,  it  would,  at  all  events,  have  looked  seemly,  were  the  matter  exclusively  referred  to  an  assembly  of  ecclesiastics,  who  would  be  best  able  to  discuss  the  etymology  of  the  phrase  and  pronounce  an  opinion  as  to  the  Church's  teaching  on  this  point  of  controversy—if  indeed  the  Church  ever  uttered  a  voice  on  the  sub subject.  ject. subject.  But  what  is  the  fact  ?  Why,  out  of  the  twenty  individuals  present,  only  two  theologians  could  be  mustered,  viz.,  the  BISHOP  OF  LONDON  and  a  solitary  archdeacon  !  The  other  members  of  the  Council  were  exclusively  laics  !  and  consequently  unfit  judges  of  such  a  grave  question.  From  the  decision  of  the  Council  Mr.  MAu  RICE  justly  dissents.  In  a  letter,  which  we  have  already  published  in  full,  he  disclaims  against  the  dogma dogmatism  tism dogmatism  and  domination  taught  and  assumed  by  th  e  PRINCIPAL  and  his  colleagues  ;  on  the  obvious  grounds,  that  they  had  no  authority  delegated  to  them  to  become  ecclesiastical  censors  of  his  faith,  or  self-made  expositors  of  the  Articles  and  Formu Formularies  laries Formularies  of  the  Established  Church.  He  observes  :  I  cannot,  my  lords  and  gentlemen,  believe  that,  great  as  are  the  privileges  which  the  right  reverend  bench  has  conceded  to  the  Principal  of  King's  College,  their  lord lordships,  ships, lordships,  the  bishops,  ever  intended  to  give  him  an  authority  superior  to  their  own,  superior  to  that  of  the  articles  by  which  they  are  bound  ;  I  cannot  think  that  they  wished  to  constitute  him  and  the  council  arbiters  of  the  theology  of  the  English  Church.  Such  a  claim  would  be  as  alarming,  I  apprehend,  to  the  public  as  to  our  ecclesiastical  rulers.  If  some  parents  have  been  suspicious  of  the  influence  which  I  might  exercise  over  their  sons,  I  believe  that  there  are  few  parents  in  England  who  will  not  complain  that  the  college  has  departed  from  its  original  principle,  when  it  gives  such  a  scope  to  the  private  judgment  of  its  chief  officer,  or  even  to  the  judgment  of  the  body  which  manages  its  affairs.  The  public  mind  needs  to  be  aroused  on  this  subject.  Heresy,  or  no  heresy,  it  will  never  do  for  one  clergyman  to  sit  in  judgment  on  the  opinions  of  another  clergyman.  If  this  state  of  things  be  permitted,  there  would  be  no  end  to  disgraceful  broils  and  petty  warfares.  The  Church's  useful usefulness  ness usefulness  would  speedily  be  destroyed,  and  endless  party  feuds  and  angry  disputations  would  lay  waste  her  fruitfulness,  and  render  her  unprofitable  as  the  barren  fig  tree  fit  to  be  hewn  down  and  trodden  under  foot  of  An  invasion  like  this  is  the  worst  our  country  could  experience.  We'  boast  of  having  free  laws—free  institutions— institutionsfreedom  freedom institutionsfreedom  of  opinion  —and  the  right  of  private  judgment.  We  must  beware  hew  we  suffer  such  privileges  to  be  wrested  from  us.  Depend  upon  it  they  cannot  be  valued  too  highly,  or  guarded  toe  vigilantly.  We  want  neither  English  popes,  nor  English  inquioitoro,  nor  an  English  Inquisition.  0  dear  no  !  the  day  is  gone  by  for  such  things  as  these.  We  must  raise  our  voice  against  rampant  dogmatism  and  clerical  intolerance,  come  from  what  quarter  it  might.  If  individual  clergymen  violate  the  constitutions  of  their  Church,  there  are  tribunals  expressly  appointed  to  inquire  into  the  merits  of  the  case  and  judge  accordingly.  To  such  let  the  recusant  be  amenable—not  to  the  surrep surreptitious  titious surreptitious  authority  and  soi-disant  jurisdiction  of  a  self-formed  clique.  As  well  may  Professor  MAURICE  take  exception  to  Principal  JELF'S  theological  opinions,  and  bring  him  to  account  for  the  same  as  being  contrary  to  the  tenor  of  the  Canons  and  the  constitution  of  the  Church.  Fortunately,  our  Reformers  left  free  latitude  for  individual  speculation,  and  ample  scope  for  polemic  discussion.  There  are  many:matters  of  theology,  which,  in  the  nature  of  things,  must  ever  remain  doubtful.  Even  com commentators  mentators commentators  have  but  served  to  render  more  by  futile  attempts  at  explanation— explanationjust  just explanationjust  as  men  with  diamonds  writing  on  glass,  ob obscure  scure obscure  light  with  scratches.  It  will  not  do,  therefore,  for  narrow-minded  ignorance  and  domineering  bigotry  to  set  a  boundary  line  to  thought  or  pre prejudge  judge prejudge  a  question  entirely  out  of  its  province,  and  beyond  its  ,jurisdiction.  CICERO  says  that  Truth  lies  in  a  deep  The  way  to  reach  it,  therefore,  is  not  by  angry  bickerings  and  jarring  controver controversies,  sies, controversies,  but  by  quiet  investigation  and  diligent  re research.  search. research.  But  Professor  MAURICE  has  placed  Dr.  JELF  and  his  compeers  in.what  Brother  JONATHAN  would  term  a  reglar  fix  In  one  part  of  his  letter  he  requires  to  be  informed  what  law  of  the  Church  he  has  transgressed  :  I  think  it  due,  then,  to  my  own  character,  as  a  Clergyman,  to  the  interests  of  the  college,  and  to  the  liberties  of  the  English  Church,  that  I  should  call  upon  the  Council,  if  they  pronounce  a  theological  sentence  upon  me  at  all,  to  declare  what  article  of  our  faith  condemns  my  teaching.  I  conjure  them  not  to  use  any  phrase  in  condemning  me  which  they  would  reject  as  loose  and  vague  if  the  property  or  the  life  of  a  fellow-citizen  were  in  question.  Whether  I  have  unsettled  the  faith  of  my  pupils  by  giving  an  interpretation  of  the  word  which  I  had  maintained  to  be  true  (and  especially  important  for  students  in  Divinity)  before  I  was  asked  to  join  the  theological  department,  the  after  lives  of  those  pupils  must  determine.  But  if  I  have  violated  any  law  of  the  church,  that  law  can  be  at  once  pointed  out— outthe  the outthe  nature  of  the  transgression  can  be  defined  without  any  reference  to  possible  tendencies  and  results.  It  is  this  justice,  and  not  any  personal  favour,  my  lords  and  gentlemen,  which  I  now  request  at  your  hands.  As  the  Council  of  the  College  have  in  their  sapient  wisdom  thought  fit  to  pass  sentence  of  against  Mr.  MAunieE,  on  the  ground  of  a  clerical  error  in  faith,  it  would  have  been  but  just  to  him  and  honourable  to  themselves  to  afford  a  direct  and  satisfactory  answer  to  the  important  question  put  to  to  them.  But,  no.  They  dare  not  venture  to  com commit  mit commit  themselves  by  such  a  course.  So  they  have  acted  the  part  of  a  judge  who  condemns  a  reputed  felon  for  an  offence  committed  against  the  law,  al although  though although  he  is  unable  to  point  out  the  particular  statute  under  which  he  is  convicted.  It  would  appear  as  if  to  believe  too  little  was  safer  than  to  believe  too  much,  For  instance,  some  years  ago  a  Reverend  Mr.  MNEAL,  of  Trinity,  or  Brazennose,  we  can't  say  exactly  which,  published  some  pitiable  specimens  of  his  gifted  muse,  in  the  shape  of  some  rhyming,  called  Songs  and  Ballads  for  the  The  reverend  poetaster  has  not  failed  to  afford  the  public,  in  a  few  lines,  the  sum-total  of  his  religious  belief.  He  says  :  I  pray  My  best  for  the  Church  and  the  Queen  every  day—  And  I  know  nothing  more,  and  I  hope  never  may!  Which  nobody  can  But  we  have  never  heard  of  this  gentleman  being  subjected  to  any  systematic  persecution,  or  being  sent  to  by  his  clerical  associates.  It  was  reserved  for  the  PRINCIPAL  of  King's  College,  and  his  brother  Inquisitors,  to  open  up  a  new  course—and  bring  about  not  a  new—but  a  revival  of  an  old  ecclesiastical  policy.  We  say  more  to  their  shame  !  Professor  MAURICE  may  be  regarded  as  the  Protestant  GALILEO  !  and  fu future  ture future  chronicles  will  be  sure  to  1853  the  Inquisition  first  established  in  this  country  by  Principal  IT  can  be  no  less  refreshing  to  the  public  mind  than  it  is  to  an  individual  to  turn  from  the  dark  and  dreary  career  of  despotism,  to  the  bright  and  promising  prospects  `which  attend  the  steps  of  free  and  enlightened  nations.  If  this  were  the  place  for  elaborate  philosophical  inquiry,  we  would  en endeavour  deavour endeavour  to  point  out  the  practical  working  of  the  two  rival  systems  of  human  thought  which  owe  their  origin  to  the  master-minds  of  those  great  ancient  teachers,  PLATO  and  ARISTOTLE.  From  the  temples  of  remote  antiquity,  the  cloisters  of  the  middle  ages,  and  down  to  the  triumphs  of  the  Puritans  in  the  western  world,  and  even  to  the  present  hour,  we  can  trace  from  the  teachings  of  those  rival  schools  of  philosophy  the  existing  causes  of  divisions  among  nations,  and  the  pro  longed  reign  of  degrading  Cainism.  The  struggle  for  ascendency  among  nations  has,  to  a  certain  extent,  dwindled  down  to  the  fights  of  faction.  Happily  for  humanity,  however,  one  quarter  of  the  globe  is  still  left  where  the  broken  bonds  of  the  world's  great  brotherhood  may  be  re reunited  united reunited  and  enjoyed  beyond  the  reach  of  the  discord discordant  ant discordant  dogmas  of  the  Philistian  ages,  where  men's  rank  is  measured  by  a  stately  intellect,  and  where  sterling  mind  alone  can  venture  to  handle  matter.  If  the  good  and  greater  attributes  of  human  nature  arc  capable  of  perpetuation,  the  western  hemisphere  must  inevitably  become  the  home  of  man's  most  lasting  glory.  It  is  there  the  quaint  and  sober  philosopheme,  Union  is  proclaims  its  own  mighty  power,  and  bids  the  cuckoo  despots  retrace  their  steps  and  adopt  the  course  of  better  and  keener  thought.  It  is  here  this  element  of  human  greatness  throws  its  power  over  a  desert  world.  It  is  here  that  seasons  and  Heaven  pours  down  its  endless  blessings.  A  people  who  wedded  themselves  to  peace  and  toil  may  be  supposed  to  have  nothing  but  the  wants  of  a  passing  existence  to  show  for  their  labour  ;  but  while  the  wretched  victims  of  the  rival  philosophy  are  shedding  blood  and  carrying  death  and  desolation  wherever  they  turn,  the  great  western  civiliseris  girding  worlds  of  primitive  darkness  with  the  zone  of  light.  Forests  are  explored,  deserts  traversed,  and  ere  time  is  suffered  to  destroy  the  foot-track  of  the  solitary  traveller,  out  pours  the  nation,  and  as  if  by  magic,  the  electric  wires  are  spread,  and  the  rail  is  laid,  by  which  thousands  are  carried  forward  in  search  of  fresh  fields  for  increased  toil.  The  idle,  sluggish,  benighted  Serf  profanes  the  ears  of  peace  with  murdering  cries  of  war.  America  sends  her  ships  to  tell  us  of  her  God  speed.'  She  conceives  a  railroad,  which  shall  unite  two  great  oceans,  and  shorten  man's  steps  around  the  earth.  'Tis  done.  A.  canal  to  bear  the  surplus  01  her  abundance  to  the  famished  children  of  other  distant  lands.  'Tis  made.  She  hears  that  Mam Mammon  mon Mammon  governs  industry  and  morality  in  other  coun countries,  tries, countries,  and  she  sends  us  gold  that  toil  may  prosper  and  virtue  hold  her  own.  Time  and  space  sepa separate  rate separate  her  people  east  and  west.  The  fact  is  a  re reproach  proach reproach  which  is  quickly  silenced  by  the  puffing  locomotive  and  the  electric  battery.  Such  is  the  career  of  the  men  the  illustrious  PALMERSTON  would  call  forgetful  that  the  dotage  of  the  parent  is  but  too  often  the  sport  of  youth.  In  our  vague  conception  of  the  future  of  such  a  race,  we  must  not,  however,  pass  over  those  formal  matters  by  which  facts  are  established.  An  able  and  esteemed  American  cotemporary,  the  ?iew  York  Evening  Post  says  It  appears  from  the  abstract  of  the  seventh  census,  published  this  year,  that  the  United  States  possessed  at  the  be beginning  ginning beginning  of  1852,  as  much  completed  railroad,  with within  in within  3,300  miles,  as  all  the  rest  of  the  world  put  tc tcgether  gether tcgether  This  is  no  shallow  assertion.  The  fact  is  proved  by  careful  statistical  comparison.  the  United  States  there  were  in  operation,  at  the  time  alluded  to,  10,843  miles  ;  in  the  various  coun countries  tries countries  of  Europe  14,143  miles.  By  the  beginning  of  1853,  the  completed  roads  in  this  country  had  in increased  creased increased  to  13,000  miles,  while  European  roads  had  grown  to  16,000,  making  the  difference  at  that  time  only  8,000  miles.  There  were  also  at  the  begin beginning  ning beginning  of  this  year  12,680  miles  in  progress  of  con construction  struction construction  in  the  United  States  ;  in  all,  therefore,  constructed  and  constructing,  25,000  miles.  On  the  same  authority  there  is  no  exaggeration  in  say saying  ing saying  that  before  1860  there  will  be  in  our  country  85,000  miles  of  completed  In  these  great  efforts  of  human  hands  the  whole  of  Europe  is  defeated,  beaten,  shamed.  It  is  not  in  the  great  works  of  man's  pro progress  gress progress  that  the  petty  tyrants  and  besotted  des despots  pots despots  of  continental  Europe  are  found  to  spend  their  time.  Concocting  schemes  for  loans,  marriages,  cruelty,  and  oppression,  are  the  masterpieces  of  their  ambition  and  their  lives.  But  mark  the  bold  relief  in  which  the  promise  of  reward  for  America's  industry  stand  from  the  dis dismal  mal dismal  records  of  European  wickedness  and  folly.  Pursuing  the  subject  of  railways,  our  American  cotemporary  says  The  capital  invested  in  them  estimated  at  20,000  dollars  per  [mile,  is  140,000,000  dollars.  That  invested  in  agricultural  implements  is  stated  at  150,000,000  dollars.  It  would  appear  then  that  the  capital  invested  in  all  the  railroads  is  but  very  little  more  than  sixty'  per  cent  above  what  is  invested  in  the  ordinary  implements  of  The  stupendous  array  of  figures  which  belong  to  such  gigantic  undertakings  are  carried  on  until  the  arithmetical  calculations  of  their  cost  is  swallowed  up  by  the  geometrical  increase  of  profits  they  yield  to  the  community,  which  our  cotemporary'  demon demonstrates  strates demonstrates  as  follows  The  agricultural  products  of  the  country  amount  to  about  1,500,000,000  dollars.  Suppose  the  12,000  miles  iu  construction  should,  as  improved  agricultural  tools,  increase  the  value  and  amount  of  these  products  equal  to  one  per  cent.  on  the  value  above  given,  this  would  amount  to  15,000,000  dollars,  equal  to  more  than  6  per  cent.  on  240,000,000  dollars,  the  capital  invested.  Again,  suppose  these  12,000  miles  to  stimulate  a  country  ten  miles  on  each  side,  they  would  affect  an  area  of  over  153,600,000  acres.  Supposing  the  road  to  increase  the  value  of  land  equal  to  an  average  of  one  dollar  an  acre,  we  have  an  addition  of  over  153,000,000  dollars  to  the  wealth  of  the  country  from  this  cause—over  60  per  cent.  on  the  capital  invested.  The  cash  value  of  farms  in  the  country  is  stated  at  a  little  over  '3,200,000,000  dollars.  Again,  suppose  over  12,000  miles  of  railroad  to  increase  this  value  8  per  cent.  ;  they  add  to  i  t  250,000,000  dollars,  thus  wiping  away  the  whole  of  their  cost  and  We  know  of  no  passage  in  the  history  of  nations  that  equals  this.  Well  might  the  American  Ambas Ambassador  sador Ambassador  tell  our  cabinet  ministers  and  the  citizens  of  London  that  country  was  and  that  this  was  truly  the  age  of  utilitarianism  As  a  diplomatist  and  an  American,  he  might  have  said  more.  He  might,  in  mildly  denouncing  war.  have  held  up  the  startling  blessings  that  peace  had  bestowed  on  the  country  he  had  the  high  honour  to  represent.  He  might  have  read  to  the  heroes  of  Europe  a  lesson  from  the  homilies  of  American  industry  which  might  have  turned  the  PRINCE  of  Faith  from  the  foul  tenor  of  his  ways,  to  those  of  justice,  peace,  and  mercy.  In  missing  the  opportunity,  America  has  no  reason  to  be  pleased,  or  Europe  to  be  thankful.  The  article  from  which  we  have  baen  writing  will  be  found  in  extenso  in  another  column.  It  is  worthy  of  atten attention.  tion. attention.  •  THE  RUSSIAN  TRADE  WITH  ENGLAND.  INTERVIEW  WITH  LORD  CLARENDON.  An  interview  took  place  on  Tuesday  between  Lord  Cla Clarendon  rendon Clarendon  and  certain  eminent  English  merchants  engaged  in  the  Russian  trade,  whose  object  was  to  gain  from  his  lord.  ship  the  expression  of  some  decided  opinion  as  to  the  dan danger  ger danger  of  this  trade  being  interrupted  by  possible  political  changes.  It  was  represented  to  his  lordship  that  English  merchants  are  in  the  habit,  at  this  period  of  the  year,  of  making  heavy  contracts  in  St.  Petersburg  for  Russian  pro produce,  duce, produce,  such  as  hemp,  tallow,  &amp;c.,  deliverable  next  season,  and  upon  which  goods  very  heavy  advances,  amounting  sometimes  to  the  entire  contract,  are  made  to  the  Russian  dealers.  The  reply  of  Lord  Clarendon  was  to  the  effect  that,  whilst  her  Majesty's  government  are  using  their  ut utmost  most utmost  exertions  to  avert  war,  caution  in  relation  to  these  transactions  is  nevertheless  advisable  :  and,  in  fact,  a  hint.  was  given  that  it  would  be  as  well  for  the  Russian  mer merchants  chants merchants  to  avoid  risking  their  money  under  present  circum circumstances.  stances. circumstances.  This  interview  formed  a  topic  of  current  conver conversation  sation conversation  in  commercial  circles  during  the  day.  The  United  States  mail  steam  ship  Atlantic  sailed  from  the  Mersey,  for  New  York,  yesterday  forenoon,  with  103  passongers,  and  a  fair  cargo.  THE  Crvir.  SERVICE.—By  a  recently  issued  return  it  ap appears  pears appears  tat  in  the  course  of  last  year  the  increase  in  the  num number  ber number  of  persons  in  public  departments  was  1,462,  and  the  di diminution  minution diminution  30.  NEW  RAILWAYS.—The  papers  begin  to  get  filled  with  the  usual  parliamentary  notices  for  new  bills  for  railways.  The  projecting  mania  seems,  however,  to  be  confined  in  a  great  measure  to  suburban  railways,  and  central  terminus  projects.  ALLEGED  CRUELTY  ON  BOARD  THE  GREAT  —Michael  Toomey,  one  of  the  hands  on  board  the  Ameri American  can American  packetship  Great  Western,  was  brought  into  the  North Northern  ern Northern  Hospital  late  on  Tuesday  night  covered  with  bruises  and  contusions,  which  he  said  he  had  received  from  the  officers  on  board  during  the  voyage  from  New  York  to  Liverpool.  Another  man  from  the  same  ship,  named  Peter  Collins,  was  brought  in  the  day  before  with  bad  injuries  of  the  legs,  pro produced,  duced, produced,  as  he  alleged  from  the  same  causes.  CUSTOMS  APPOINTMENT.—Mr.  Isaac  Harris,  who  has  been  for  the  last  two  years  one  of  the  night  officials  at  the  central  detective  office,  High-street,  has  been  appointed  to  of  a  weigher  in  the  Customs  at  this  port.  Whilst  connected  with  the  police,  Mr.  Harris  has  borne  an  unblemished  reputation,  and  his  courtesy  and  civility  will  be  remembered  by  every  party  who  has  had  occasion  to  transact  business  during  the  night  at  the  central  police  office.  In  Isis  new  position,  lie  will  no  doubt,  render  efficient  service.  TOWN  IMPROVEMENTS.—In  connection  with  the  town  improvements  now  in  contemplation,  we  yesterday  had  the  opportunity  of  seeing  a  design,  by  a  resident  of  Liverpool,  for  a  statue  of  Wellington,  which  is  exhibiting  at  the  shop  of  Mr.  Walmsley,  Castle-street.  As  a  design,  it  is  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  artistic  ;  half  the  globe  supports  a  pedestal  upon  which  stands  the  hero  of  a  hundred  fights  surrounded  by  his  generals.  The  pedestal  bears  the  inscription,  Glory  be  to  God,  and  peace  on  earth  to  men  of  But  although  we  admit  the  design  has  artistic  merit,  the  proper  realization  of  the  idea  of  the  designer  would  involve  a  work  so  colossal,  and  expensive  that  we  believe  it  to  be  impracticable,  so  far  as  the  funds  raised  in  Liverpool  for  the  purpose  are  concerned.  SOICETA  Anmorrien.—The  sixteenth  dress  'concert  of  this  society  took  place  at  the  Mechanics'  Institute  last  night.  The  galleries  were  very  well  thronged,  but  the  dress  seats  were  but  thinly  occupied.  Both  as  regarded  the  selection  of  pieces  and  the  skill  of  the  performers,  the  concert  was  a  very  creditable  one,  although  not  possessing  the  remark remarkable  able remarkable  brilliancy  which,  in  a  society  scarcely  more  than  infant,  it  would  be  seeking  too  er  oo  w  mu  e  ch  pr  t  in  o  ci  lo  a  o  l  k  ly  for.  fro  ni  T  t  h  h  e  e  concerted  instrumental  pee  music  of  Mozart  and  B  ee  th  oven,  and  were  l) STYLE=superscript  executed  1  style  which  received  general  applause.  Mr.  Graham,  14r  a STYLE=superscript  .  Santley,  and  Mr.  Armstrong  were  the  vocalists,  and  re received  ceived received  approbation  in  the  shape  of  encores  warmly  called  for.  Mr.  Santley's  performance  of  a  celebrated  scena  from  Der  Freyschutz,  received  marked  applause.  Mr.  li.  V.  Lewis  performed  some  very  well  executed  piano  -forte  solos.  Mr.  Charles  R.  Herrmann  conducted  with  judgment  and  skill.  aCorssu3rPziorr  OF  DOGS  IN  PARIS.—The  day  before  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  says  Galignani'  s  Messenger,  some  police  agents  in  plain  clothes,  being  in  an  eating-house  at  Montrouge,  heard  two  men  at  a  table  say  one  to  the  other,  he  dead  YeS;  but  not  witnout  some  trouble;  ne  struggled  hard,  and  I  was  afraid  of  being  other  must  be  killed,  or  we  shall  be  The  officers,  thinking  that  a  murder  had  been  committed,  took  the  mon  into  cus custody,  tody, custody,  and,  in  order  to  remove  from  themselves  the  serious  suspicions  which  their  conversation  had  excited,  they  con confessed  fessed confessed  that  they  belonged  to  a  gang  who  occupied  thems  e  l  ves  in  stealing  dogs,  which  they  killed  and  sold  to  the  low  eat eatin  ing eatin  -housekeepers  outside  the  barriers,  to  make  up  for  any  deficiency  they  might  have  in  the  supply  of  hares  and  rabbits.  Several  of  the  accomplices  of  these  men  have  been  taken  into  custody.  FURTHER  EXPOSE  OF  THE  LONDON  CORPORATION  BY  Mn.  SHERIFF  WALLlS.—Yesterday  Mr.  Sheriff  Wallis  was  examined  before  the  City  of  London  Corporation  Commis Commissioners,  sioners, Commissioners,  and  much  as  has  already  been  elicited  to  the  dis discredit  credit discredit  of  the  Metropolitan  Corporate  body,  this  gentle gentleman's  man's gentleman's  evidence  is  perhaps  less  complimentary  than  any  which  has  preceded  it.  Mr.  Sheriff  Wallis  says,  in  answer  to  questions  put  to  him  :—I  was  elected  to  the  office  of  sheriff.  The  office  has  fallen  into  disrepute  because  of  the  lobbing  propensities  of  the  under-sheriffs.  I  was  pressed  to  take  the  office,  and  I  did  so  because  no  one  else  would  take  it.  The  office  is  au  expensive  one,  and  it  is  shorn  of  all  its  privileges,  and  the  sheriff  sits  in  in  the  Court  of  Common  Council  as  a  mere  dummy.  Some  persons  are  anxious  to  serve  the  office  of  sheriff  for  the  purpose  of  becoming  .alder .aldermen  men .aldermen  ;  but  as  the  aldermen  -  live  a  long  time,  vacancies  are  few.  The  elections  are  not  conducted  with  purity  with  res respect  pect respect  to  lord  mayor,  aldermen,  and  sheriffs,  although  I  be believe  lieve believe  the  election  is  pure  as  to  common  councilmen.  Cor Corruption  ruption Corruption  is  the  general  character  of  civic  elections.  I  have  known  £1,500  expended  in  proeuring  an  alderman's  gown  ;  since  the  contest  between  Sir  Peter  Laurie  and  Sir  John  Key.  the  expenses  have  greatly  increased,  and  particularly  with  respect  to  the  long  shore  men.  In  wards  where  there  is  a  large  class  of  small  occupants  it  is  more  difficult  to  ob obtain  tain obtain  an  alderman's  gown.  Many  have  made  money  by  the  office  of  lord  mayor,  and  many  have  spent  more  than  they  received.  The  election  of  chamberlain  has  always  been  in influenced  fluenced influenced  by  money.  ARCHITECTURAL  SOCIETY.—The  usual  fortnightly  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  the  members  of  this  society  was  held  last  night,  in  the  Royal  Institution,  Colquitt-street.  Mr.  Verelest  in  the  chair.—The  secretary  announced  the  subject  for  the  next  competition  to  be  a  church  to  accomodate  400  persons,  in  the  style  of  Palladio  ;  scale  eight  feet  in  the  inch  ;  t  wo  elevations,  and  one  perspective  view  of  the  exterior.  The  drawing  to  be  sent  in  by  the  28th  December.  A  member  asked  if  there  were,  at  the  railway  station  in  Lime-street,  a  gentleman's  waiting-room  ?  He  had  looked  for  one  there  and  could  not  find  it  ;  and  if  it  were  not  there,  it  was  much  wanted  at  such  a  station.  The  secretary  replied  that  there  were  two  refreshment-r(»ms  there,  and  that  gentlemen  could  remain  in  them  whil  4itingfor  any  train.  Another  member  said  that  he  had  been  lately  at  Wisbeach,  and  that  on  examining  the  church  of  St.  Peter,  which  was  undergoing  a  thorough  repair,  he  remarked  a  very  singular  circumstance  connected  with  its  construction.  He  observed  that  it  had  two  naives  and  two  chaneels,  with  aisles  running  north  and  south  of  each  naive.  This  building  is  comparatively  a  modern  building.  Mr.  Watson  of  Halifax,  then'  proceeded  to  read  a  paper  on  ventilation,  and  to  explain  the  nature  of  his  patented  self-acting  double-current  ventilator.  He  observed  that  the  object  of  ventilation  was  two-fold—first,  the  removal  of  noxious  gases,  and  secondly,  the  supplying  of  fresh  and  wholesome  air  from  without.  Mr.  Watson  then  proceeded  to  analyse  the  chemical  composition  of  the  at atmosphere,  mosphere, atmosphere,  and  by  subsequent  experiments,  illustrated  his  observations.  To  jarove  the  truth  that  oxygen  was  the  main  element  of  life,  he  had  recourse  to  a  very  simple  ex experiment,  periment, experiment,  and  then  proceeded  to  observe  that  his  system  of  ventilation  was  to  allow  the  heated  air  to  escape,  and  the  cold  air  to  enter  spontaneously  by  their  own  elastic  forces.  He  showed  that  heated  air  did  not  pass,  as  was  generally  supposed,  through  a  hole  in  the  roof;  wherever  such  a  mode  of  ventilation  was  adopted,  because  there  was  a  more  powerful  agent  in  the  shape  of  the  cold  air  outside,  forcing  its  way  in.  He  then  enumerated  some  of  the  various  modes  of  ventilation  adopted  for  somo  time,  and  stated  that  (  the  great  merit  of  his  patent  was,  that  it  insured  the  greatest  possible  amount  of  pure  air  with  the  least  draught.  The  experiment  by  which  he  illustrated  his  theory  was  very  simple.  He  placed  a  glass  shade,  with  a  long,  and  in  proportion  to  the  body  of  the  shade,  a  narrow  neck,  over  several  lighted  candles,  which  flickered  for  a  short  time,  and  then,  the  oxygen  in  the  shade  being  consumed,  died  out.  But  the  moment  that  he  divided  the  neck  of  the  shade  with  a  plate  of  zinc,  or  some  other  material,  then  the  candles  burned  with  a  much  steadier  light  than  in  a  room,  and  this  phenomenon  was  explained  by  a  subsequent  experi experiment,  ment, experiment,  which  shewed  that  while  the  heated  air  escaped  through  one  compartment,  cold  air  at  the  same  time  entered  through  the  other  compartment  of  the  neck  so  divided.  The  rationale  of  this,  however,  remained  unex unexplained,  plained, unexplained,  but  Mr.  Watson  stated  that  the  effect  produced  by  his  patent  in  the  various  houses  and  public  buildings  which  he  had  ventilated,  was  precisely  that  which  was  illustrated  by  the  expel  iment  of  the  shade.  A  brief  discussion  then  ensued  on  the  subject,  the  chairman  and  other  gentlemen  stating  that  while  the  theory  of  Mr.  Watson's  patent  was  very  plain,  they  feared  it  did  not  remedy  the  great  defect  in  all  other  systems,  namely  the  draught.  The  thanks  of  the  society  were  then  voted  to  Mr.  Watson,  after  which  the  meeting  separated."
