text
"COUNTY  COURT.-YESTERDAY.  The  Cou  r  t  sat  at  ten  o'clak  on  yesterday.  I  G  s STYLE=superscript  .,_  /4-I STYLE=superscript  Tn  v.  LAMBERT.  This  was  an  action  brought  by  FiZr•  I STYLE=superscript  %*  Henry  Smith,  John  Stanley,  and  Thomas  piazzas  printers,  against  Mr.  Robert  Lambert,  13  Goree  c  i_lfza.s,  to  recover  £3l  10s.  It  appeared  that  the  defen defenfo'razh.had  fo'razh.had defenfo'razh.had  agreed  with  plaintiff  to  print  a  number  of  bills  r  i  a  li STYLE=superscript  n  and  post  them  as  advertisement  in  railway  car carriages,  riages, carriages, STYLE=superscript  for  ss.  a  month,  and  they  now  sought  to  recover  t  ;„'  .4 STYLE=superscript  !  amount  for  six  months.  Mr.  Groeott  appeared  for  'Le  Plaintiff  and  Mr.  Evans  for  the  defendant.  The  ae.ree ae.reeinent  inent ae.reeinent  was  entered  into  in  January,  and  it  was  sought  to  teem teemthe  the teemthe  e STYLE=superscript  r  for  printing  an  d  p  os  ti  ng  u  p  t  o  S  e  pt  em  b  er  .  Up  on  part  of  the  defence  it  was  urged  that  a  regular  contract  :as  entered  into,  and  that  the  plaintiff  undertook  to  do  the  rIE  for  defendant  as  cheaply  as  any  one  else  could  get  it  re,  which  hordeafterwards  discovered  was  not  the  case,  and  a  therefore  red  them  to  discontinue  it.  The  Court  1 STYLE=superscript  ,I.°ll  s STYLE=superscript  uited  the  pl  a  i  n  tiff  u  p  on  th  e  groun  d  th  a  t  a  con  t  rac  t  had  verdict  e STYLE=superscript  ntered  into,  but  gave  them  permission  to  move  that  a  ebe  entered  for  them,  upon  which  they  could  go  to  the  court  above.  TheLIVERPOOL  HIP  JOLNERS'  FRIENY  SIETY.—  PI  L  L STYLE=superscript  EECE  RP STYLE=superscript  AND  S STYLE=superscript  OTHERS  V.  SHINGLER  DL STYLE=superscript  AND  OC STYLE=superscript  OTHERS.  This  was  an  action  ;brought  by  a  portion  of  the  Liverpool  Joine  rs  '  F  r  i  en  dl  y  S  oc  i  e  t  y  aga  i  ns  t  ano  th  er  p  or  ti  on  o  f  Hat  body  to  obtain  a  decision  relative  to  a  dispute  as  to  the  zPpointment  of  officers.  Anagreement  was  entered  into  h  tr  ,  t STYLE=superscript  ,ween  the  parties  that  His  Honor  should  be  empowered  uecide  upon  all  the  questions  which  should  arise,  and  that  Ls  decisio  n  should  be  regarded  as  final.  The  ourt  was  inewded  with  members  of  the  body,  as  the  decision  would  olve  most  important  interests.  th  r  ,  34r STYLE=superscript  ,.  Aspinall,  instructed  by  .  Mr.  Peacock  appeared  for  f  n  :  P  i  'aintiffS,  and  Mr.  Blair,  instructed  by  Mr.  Snowball,  trio  defendants.  lair  ASPINALL  stated  the  case  of  the  plaintiffs.  The  dog  t STYLE=superscript  y  regarding  which  the  question  arose,  was  one  estab estab-4,7d  -4,7d estab-4,7d  among  the  ship  joiners  of  Liverpool,  of  the  same  e  i  a  ,  ll STYLE=superscript  re  as  other  friendly  or  benefit  societies.  The  plaintiffs  %  l  i STYLE=superscript  ned  to  be  .  president,  treasurer,  and  senior  stewaril:  of  the  t  r  Z  e STYLE=superscript  tY,  and  in  that  capacity,  according  to  their  rules,  the  14  ,Zees  and  persons  entitled  to  the  custody  of  all  the  pro pro'Y  'Y pro'Y  belonging  to  the  body.  The  society  was  established  Ye  ~1  8, STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  5,  and  according  to  its  rules  the  members  held  halt 'haltbibrlY'  meetings,  at  which  they  elected  their  officers.  The  halt halt-9th  9th halt-9th  provided  that  the  general  meetings  should  be  held  t STYLE=superscript  he  society's  club-room,  on  the  first  Tuesday  of  every  enth,  an  d  th  a  t  a  t  th  e  gener  al  meetings,  which  took  place  and  February,  the  half-yearly  elections  should  be  of  a  president,  vice-president,  treasurer,  and  two  auditors,  and  that  at  each  meeting  in  May  and  November  th STYLE=superscript  ere  she  uld  be  elected  three  committee-men  and  one  steward.  at  general  meeting  was  held  upon  the  2d  of  August  last,  and  di  ,t.h.at  time  there  were  some  divisions  existing  in  the  society,  f,  Ni STYLE=superscript  slons  which  he  believed  principally  arose  from  the  dif difiLeat  iLeat difiLeat  opinions  entertained  by  the  members  regarding  the  r'ess  of  a  person  named  Stephen  Dowling,  one  of  the  de defendants,  fendants, defendants, STYLE=superscript  for  holding  the  office  of  secretary.  When  the  ti.  lee STYLE=superscript  tion  took  place  the  plaintiffs  were  undoubtedly  elected  to  he  offices  which  they  now  claimed.  John  Leece  was  elected  resident,  Thomas  Young  vice-president,  and  John  Haughton  ate,asurer.  He  believed  it  was  admitted  upon  all  hands  that  rosin  Owen  was  elected  senior  steward,  and  the  only  14,mate 14,matequestion  question 14,matequestion  between  the  parties  was  as  to  the  election  of  ti  ,,,e,e  o STYLE=superscript  and  Haughton,  which  he  would  show  unanimously  CIK  place  upon  the  2d  of  August.  That  they  were  elected  dis disputed,  puted, disputed,  considerable  majority  of  the  meeting  could  not  be  dis dis,,4,  ,,4, dis,,4,  but  the  question  would  turn  upon  another  point,  to  which  he  should  call  attention.  HONOR  :  Do  all  the  members  vote,  Mr.  Aspinall  ?  16  11. STYLE=superscript  •  ASPINALL  said  all  the  members  voted,  but  he  be beb7:_ed  b7:_ed beb7:_ed  there  would  be  no  question  so  far  as  the  mere  voting  ti  concerned,  concerned,  but  the  dispute  would  turn  upon  the  ques  -  It'  Whether  they  were  eligible  to  be  elected  at  the  time.  4  Would  now  direct  the  attention  of  the  Court  to  rule  18,  tin  be  19,  which  provided  that  no  member  who  should  be  found  i  til  ye  three  calendar  months  in  arrear  of  any  fine  or  penalty  Iva  l'esed  by  th  e  S  oc  i  e  ty,  was  eligible  to  hold  office.  There  ti  t  :  another  clause  to  the  same  effect  in  rule  2,  requiring  t  all  members  seeking  office,  should  be  free  from  all  fines  c) STYLE=superscript  R,  :  p  e STYLE=superscript  naltie  s  of  three  months'  standing,  and  should  also  be  ti  l  .„  l STYLE=superscript  ‘  , STYLE=superscript  and  of  good  character.  Now,  at  the  meeting  upon  tio  i)  ;  e STYLE=superscript  d  August,  Mr.  Dowling  was  present,  and  as  the  clec cleceessir,l'roeeeded  eessir,l'roeeeded cleceessir,l'roeeeded  for  the  different  offices,  he  was  asked  in  sue sueassvrwn,  assvrwn, sueassvrwn,  Whether  the  parties  so  chosen  were  eligible,  and  he  °b  pi  e STYLE=superscript  red  in  the  affirmative  in  each  case.  It  must  have  been  th  e  ° STYLE=superscript  !  8 STYLE=superscript  to  him,  that  the  question  was  put  in  reference  to  in  ea  h  e STYLE=superscript  regarding  fines  and  nothing  else,  and  he  answered  a  ,  '  a STYLE=superscript  oh  case  that  the  party  was  eligible  to  be  elected.  It  luscious  that  Mr.  Dowling  subsequently  became  tolerably  th  n STYLE=superscript  scious  that  he  would  not  be  continued  as  secretary  by  he  new  officers,  and  for  this  reason,  or  some  other  reason,  .  e STYLE=superscript  resigned  his  office,  and  sent  a  notice  of  his  resignation  to  '  v STYLE=superscript  ery  member  of  the  Society.  Ifs  HONOR  ?  Mr.  ASPINALL  said  he  was  Secretary,  and  he  was  perfectly  Well  aware  thatthe  gentlemen  elected  were  parties  who  didnot  a  pprove  of  his  continuing  in  the  office  of  Secretary,  and  feel feeling  ing feeling  that,  he  resigned  the  office.  He  still,  however,  con continued  tinued continued  to  act  as  Secretary,  and  intrigued  a  little,  for  the  pur-  Paaa'of  setting  asile  the  election  of  the  plaintiffs.  Shortly  Pl  ib  l  t,  er  that  election  had  taken  place,  the  Society  was  somewhat  1, STYLE=superscript  44',!1ed  at  the  issue  of  a  circular,  signed  by  the  that  be  - STYLE=superscript  President,  Mr.  Roe,  (and  he  might  add  upon  Thas  not  instructed  to  throw  any  imputation  'Mite  I. STYLE=superscript  Roe,  who  was  believed  to  have  acted  t STYLE=superscript  o  at,:'°/lestly  in  the  matter)  summoning  the  members  PriaZ  4(l STYLE=superscript  a  special  general  meeting  of  the  Society  upon  ele  c  ti,f  night,  August  12th,  185  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  for  the  purpose  of  ea  Parties  to  fill  the  offices:for  the  ensuing  half  year,  ~,o? STYLE=superscript  to  ell  occasion  each  member  was  urged  in  the  circular  Lead  punctually  for  the  purpose  of  defending  the  Z  i  ,  t4 STYLE=superscript  ,  o STYLE=superscript  f  the  society,  and  preventing  the  meeting  from  being  here STYLE=superscript  was  like  that  at  which  the  regular  elections  took  place.  th  at  l STYLE=superscript  '  e STYLE=superscript  ,was  not  at  this  time  any  attempt  made  to  set  aside  f  ileii.  e!ection  upon  the  ground  of  the  parties  chosen  being  sai  d  table  ;  at  least  in  the  circular  there  was  not  a  word  that  effect,  and  if  these  gentlemen  had  been  th  o  iglble STYLE=superscript  upon  the  score  of  fines,  there  was  no  doubt  that  r  e  ,  s STYLE=superscript  e  Who  were  anxious  to  get  rid  of  them  would  have  ° STYLE=superscript  fted  to  that  objection.  The  circular  only  alleged  that  the  s STYLE=superscript  heeting  was  a  packed  one,  and  that  there  was  some  ,  in  the  Board  of  Directors,  to  set  aside  its  proceedings.  thet:thier  an  such  power  existed,  or  how  it  was  given  to  y  lie  did  not  know,  because  the  principal  portion  of  G  e  directors  were  the  very  persons  who  went  out  of  office.  t STYLE=superscript  he  12th  of  August,  a  meeting  was  •  according  l STYLE=superscript  y  held, STYLE=superscript  a  131  j  all  the  old  officers  were  re-elected  there.  At  t  h STYLE=superscript  at  t  tln  g  there  was  a  very  l  arge  a  tt  en  d  ance  i  n  deed,  but  the  w  e  who  took  part  with  Messrs.  Houghton,  Leece,  Youn  g  ,  had  been  advised  by  some  one  that  by  voting  va  l  .  t STYLE=superscript  he  election,  they  would  be  accordingly  te  authority  fro  ki  t  c  a  n  e  d  ti  le  meeting,  and  they  abstained  01  ,  111 STYLE=superscript  voting  ;  the  consequence  of  which  was  that  the  p  tt STYLE=superscript  ofiacers  were  re-elected.  On  the  24th  of  August,  the  4  4 STYLE=superscript  „tletnen  for  whom  he  appeared,  attended,  according  to  of  the  rules,  the  first  committee  meeting,  after  they  t  a  ll!  elected  for  the  purpose  of  being  inaugurated,  according  these  Provisions  contained  in  the  rules.  They  were  told  that  it  was  not  the  right  day,  and  that  they  should  Upon  'the  30th  of  August.  There  was  some  reason  admire  'the  ingenuity  of  that  postponement,  because  f  te  L  i  ground  upon  .  which  it  was  now  urged  that  these  el:eon  were  li  was  that  they  were  in  arrear  th,:  a STYLE=superscript  '  - STYLE=superscript  'ea  since  the  ine STYLE=superscript  24th  gible, STYLE=superscript  of  May,  and  the  postponement  was  1,,,4  three  assented  to  in  order  that  they  might  be  alleged  to  'ree  months  in  arrears.  At  the  time  of  the  pospone pospone‘,„en,,  ‘,„en,, pospone‘,„en,,  Mr.  Dowling,  from  these  t  came  did  not  say  one  tiff  about  the  existence  of  fines,  of  which  the  plain plainwas  was plainwas  not  in  the  least  conscious  until  the  30th,  when,  ire.  online.  to  be  inaugurated,  they  were  told  they  were  upon  Bible  6 STYLE=superscript  the  ground  of  being  three  months  in  arrear.  t  o  '  e STYLE=superscript  f  the  rules  was,  provided  that  if  any  member  declined  ith  act  upon  committee,  he  was  liable  to  certain  fines,  and  it  Vecared  that  upon  the  24th  of  May,  it  was  the  duty  of  the  i'aatiffs  to  attend  and  be  inaugurated  as  committee-men.  R  a  le STYLE=superscript  y  did  attend,  and  upon  that  evening  a  dispute  arose  re re-41'441g  -41'441g re-41'441g  the  inauguration  of  another  person  who  had  been  the  elected  a.  committee-man.  His  clients  took  part  with  roan  whom  tho  committee  refused  to  admit  until  he  had  unde STYLE=superscript  rgon  e  an  investigation  regarding  some  breach  of  the  fi  l STYLE=superscript  es  he  was  alleged  to  have  committed,  and  the  result  was,  foil'  t STYLE=superscript  two  of  the  plaintiffs  left  the  room  with  him,  and  were  3  , STYLE=superscript  q  „,,ed  by  the  third.  Upon  that  occasion  not  one  single  t  to  ;  4 STYLE=superscript  was  said  to  them  by  anybody  of  any  fine  whatever,  lea  . STYLE=superscript  „.  ;  aa  any  intimation  given  that  they  would  be  fined  for  ierv'  t  tg  tho  room.  Never,  until  it  was  alleged  against  them  tcaa  purpose  of  voiding  the  present  election,  were  or  they  4li  g  a  it  t STYLE=superscript  lat  a  fine  was  to  be  enforced  against  them,  the  ti  ‘est  intimation  whatever  of  the  kind  given.  The  ques ques-4,pa  4,pa ques-4,pa  Which  would  now  arise  were,  whether  any  fines  were  at  ta  ll STYLE=superscript  i;  al STYLE=superscript  lY  imposed,  inasmuch  whether  the  plaintiffs  were  dis distl4Tted  tl4Tted distl4Tted  by  them,  as  it  could  not  be  contended  ijoi  u  'eY  were  three  months  in  arrears  at  the  time  the  elec.?.  ph  took  place.  He  thought  there  would  be  some  doubt  it  1  ,  - STYLE=superscript  any  such  fines  were  ever  inflicted  at  all,  and  whether  Da  l  l  as STYLE=superscript  not  altogether  a  very  ingenious  contrivance  on  the  1  /  °f  Mr.  Dowling.  a•  0  ,  1  1  .  ,s  rioNeu  What  is  the  rule  under  which  the  fine  DT  become  become  imposed  ?  ilt  a  L  r STYLE=superscript  •  ASP  INALL  said,  that  the  7th  section  of  rule  18,  which  that  if  any  member,  after  being  elected,  should  re reeli  eli reeli  t STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  office,  he  was  liable  to  a  fine.  Neither  of  his  for  'ts,  he  c  on  tended,  could  have  been  liable  to  that  fine,  0  14  4 STYLE=superscript  41:Le  r  of  them  had  refused  to  take  office.  They  went  4  44  4 STYLE=superscript  4  the  room,  but  they  said  nothing  of  not  taking  office,  i  tti  nothing  wh  a  t  ever  was  sa  id  t  o  them  about  a  fine  being  th4°  B STYLE=superscript  ed  upon  them.  Mr.  Aspinall  then  proceeded  to  say,  t  ,nia  clients  would  be  quite  satisfied  if  the  Court  declared  11  1  ,  offices  vacant.  They  were  strongly  of  opinion,  that  ita  tsreat  body  of  the  society  were  as  anxious  for  its  welfare  tat;  ‘  ,Y  were  themselves  ;  and  they  would  therefore  be  quite  ikraed  that  a  new  election  should  be  declared,  every  officer  lib`  e  *  removed  from  hi  s  p  os  iti  on  ,  an  d  th  e  s  ociety  left  at  full  (  9  ,0'  to  el  ec  t  th  ose  part  i  es  i  n  whom  they  p  l  ace  d  t  h  e  f  u  ll  es  t  tlo,.  4 STYLE=superscript  enee,  At  pre  sen  t  th  ere  h  a  d  b  een  ac  t  ua  ll  y  th  ree  elec electer,o',  ter,o', electer,o',  all  parties  claiming  to  hold  office.  Let  them  all  be  kr  t  i:ed,  and  leave  it  in  file  hands  of  the  majority  to  chow°  to  h  e STYLE=superscript  alselves  the  persons  whom  they  believed  best  qualified  14 STYLE=superscript  1cZ,  a STYLE=superscript  r  li STYLE=superscript  .  age  their  affairs,  and  they  wou  ld  th  en  see  whether  co  a  b  i  Leece,  Haughton,  Youn  g  ,  or  M  essrs  .  Slangier,  re  o  f  and  Moo  r  e,  were  the  pers  ons  .  A  t  presen  t  ,  th  e  mem  .  'ee;  the  society  had  not  the  slightest  no  ti  on  w  h  o  w  ere  itl'eaV  t  lPer  parties  to  receive  their  subscriptions,  and  the  Acuities  which  existed  in  that  respect,  rendered  it  most  desirable  that  some  arrangement  should  be  at  once  adopted.  Sohn  Haughton  was  examined  by  Mr.  Aspinall,  and  de deposed  posed deposed  that  he  was  a  member  of  the  general  committee  of  the  Liverpool  Ship-Joiners'  Friendly  Society  in  1852.  Previous  to  the  last  half-yearly  election  of  officers,  there  was  some  dissatisfaction  among  the  members,  upon  account  of  the  secretary  having  given  in  no  report  ;  no  report  had  been  given  in  for  more  than  two-and-a-half  years;  it  was  part  of  the  secretary's  duty  to  make  a  report  and  furnish  accounts  every  half  year  ;  witness  was  elected  treasurer  upon  the  2nd  of  August,  at  the  same  time  that  Mr.  Leece  was  elected  President,  and  Mr.  Young  Vice-President.  Mr.  John  Owen  was  elected  steward  ;  there  were  86  persons  present  at  the  meeting;  witness  had  59  votes;  there  were  4  candidates  for  his  office,  and  14  votes  were  the  largest  number  given  for  any  of  the  others  :  Mr.  Leece  had  46  votes,  and  the  nearest  to  him  was  Mr.  Roe,  who  had  19  ;  Mr.  Young  had  58,  and  the  next  to  him  had  23.  There  was  no  dispute  about  the  election  of  Mr.  Owens.  Remembers  Mr.  Dowling  being  asked  if  they  were  eligible,  and  he  replied  that,  they  were.  Received  a  circular  from  Mr.  Roe  after  the  election;  believes  all  the  other  members  received  a  similar  circular.  His  Honor  :  What  is  the  whole  number  of  members  in  the  society  ?  Witnes;  said,  he  never  heard  what  the  number  was,  but  should  suppose  400  or  500.  The  meeting  commenced  by  the  Chairman,  Mr.  Roe  reading  the  circular  which  declared  that  the  election  of  the  2nd  of  August,  took  place  at  a  packed  meeting.  They  then  proceeded  to  elect  other  officers,  but  the  greater  part  of  the  meeting  refrained  from  voting.  The  president,  vice-president,  and  secretary  were  proposed  by  themselves,  and  seconded  by  themselves.  There  were  two  candidates  for  the  office  of  secretary,  Mr.  Dowling  and  Mr.  Pattisson  ;  101  voted  for  Mr.  Pattisson,  and  6  for  Mr.  Dowling  ;  but,  it  was  afterwards  said,  that  this  election  was  invalid,  because  it  took  place  after  eleven  o'clock,  which  was  contrary  to  rule.  Two  auditors  were  elected.  On  the  23rd  of  August,  witness  attended  at  the  Committee  meeting,  for  the  purpose  of  being  inaugurated,  when  Stephen  Dow Dowling  ling Dowling  said,  that  was  not  the  proper  night,  because  the  quarter  would  not  be  out  until  after  twelve  o'clock.  Went  again  on  the  30th,  and  was  then  told  that  there  was  a  fine  of  13s.  4d.  against  him  since  the  23rd  of  May.  Went  up  stairs  to  take  his  place  as  a  Committee-man,  when  he  was  prevented  by  James  Fitzpatrick.  Was  told  that  the  fine  against  him  was  for  refusing  to  serve  upon  the  Committee.  Recollects  being  elected  to  serve  upon  the  Committee  in  February,  1853,  and  did  serve.  In  May  there  was  an  election  for  three  other  commit committee-men,  tee-men, committee-men,  and  Mr.  Howgate,  Mr.  Leece,  and  Mr.  Young,  was  elected.  There  was  some  dispute  about  the  inaugura inauguration  tion inauguration  of  Howgate.  Leece  and  Young  wanted  to  have  the  three  inaugurated  together,  and  they  finally  left  the  room.  Witness  also  left  the  room  shortly  after  they  did.  Not  a  word  was  said  to  him  or  any  of  them  about  a  fine,  nor  was  any  caution  given  to  them.  Never  refused  to  serve  upon  the  Committee,  and  from  that  time  never  heard  of  any  fine  being  inflicted  upon  him,  until  he  went  to  be  inaugurated  as  a  Treasurer.  Cross-examined:by  Mr.  BLAIR,  :  Did  not  say  he  would  not  be  inaugurated  until  Howgate  was  also  inaugurated.  Ed Edward  ward Edward  Parker  did  not  tell  Leece  and  Young  that  if  they  left  the  room  they  would  break  the  rules  and  would  be  fined.  Witness  left  the  room  because  he  felt  dissatisfied  with  the  mode  in  which  the  business  was  transacted  for  a  length  of  time.  Gave  no  reason  at  the  time  why  he  did  so.  and  did  not  intimate  his  intention  to  Leece  and  Young.  Mr.  John  Leece  was  examined  by  Mr.  Aspinall,  and  gave  similar  evidence,  admitting  to  Mr.  Blair  upon  cross-examin cross-examination,  ation, cross-examination,  that  he  had  heard  of  the  fine  against  him  on  the  12th  of  August.  Tilt;  closed  the  case  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiffs.  Mr.  BLAIR  briefly  stated  the  grounds  upon  which  the  defendants  claimed  a  judgment  in  their  favour.  He  did  did  not  lay  any  stress  upon  the  objection  raised  by  the  meet meeting  ing meeting  being  held  upon  the  12th  of  August,  orwith  regard  to  the  meeting  where  the  elections  took  place  being  packed.  But  he  relied  upon  the  disability  'of  the  gentlemen  who  had  been  elected,  upon  the  grounds  that  having  been,  as  ho  would  clearly  shew,  in  arrear  of  fines  since  May,  they  were  alto altogether  gether altogether  disqualified  at  the  time  from  holding  office.  This  being  the  case,  in  declaring,  as  the  Committee  had  done,  that  the  office  was  therefore  vacant,  and  in  holding  a  public  meeting  for  the  election  of  offi officers  cers officers  to  fill  the  vacant  places,  he  contended  they  were  adopting  the  course  which,  under  all  circumstances,  was  best  calculated  to  meet  the  views  of  the  majority  of  the  society.  They  adopted  every  measure  which  was  required  to  give  the  necessary  publicity  to  the  step  which  they  felt  bound  to  take.  They  issued  placards,  which  were  put  up  in  every  part  of  the  town,  especially  in  those  places  where  the  members  of  the  society  were  most  likely  to  see  them.  The  meeting  was  called  for  a  regular  fixed  time  ;  it  was  held  accordingly,  and  the  officers  duly  and  formally  elected.  It  seemed  to  him,  therefore,  that  the  course  had  been  adopted  which  was  most  likely  to  meet  the  views  of  all  parties,  to  put  an  end  to  the  differences  which  existed,  and  to  carry  out  the  rules  of  the  society.  Under  the  rules  of  the  society  an  officer  was  liable  to  be  fined  for  not  attending  at  the  general  meetings.  _  His  HONOR  :  That  rule  clearly  applies  to  a  man  not  attend attending  ing attending  at  all.  It  surely  cannot  apply  where  he  does  attend,  but  leaves  the  room  after  some  time.  According  to  the  rules,  if  he  does  not  present  himself  before  the  expiration  of  the  first  half  hour  he  is  conaidered  az  not  attending,  but  that  io  quite  a  different  thing  from  the  circumstances  which  are  before  us  in  this  case.  Mr.  BLAIR  :  But  your  honour  will  observe  that  the  rule  also  If  he  shall  be  guilty  of  breach  of  order  or  neglect  of  We  contend  that  this  act  was  a  breach  of  order.  His  Ho  !ion  :  Very  well.  I  want  to  know  how  you  put  it.  .  .  Mr.  BLAIR  also  observed  that  under  section  11  they  were  entitled  to  impose  a  fine  upon  a  man  if  he  gave  up  his  office.  His  HONOR  :  That  refers  to  a  different  thing  altogether,  refers  to  a  man  giving  up  his  office,  and  saying  he  will  not  hold  it.  I  have  very  great  difficulty  in  seeing  how  you  can  fine  Haughton  upon  that  ground  at  all,  even  supposing  that  you  had  the  right  to  fine  Leece  and  the  other  party,  for  there  is  a  manifest  difference  between  the  cases.  Mr.  BLAIR  said  his  leaving  the  room  and  refusing  to  re remain  main remain  there,  clearly  constituted  a  breach  of  order,  and  a  neglect  of  duty,  which  brought  him  within  the  rule,  and  entitled  the  society  to  impose  a  fine  upon  him.  Stephen  Dowling  was  then  examined  by  Mr.  Blair.  lle  deposed  that  he  had  been  secretary  to  the  society  .  for  some  time.  The  reports  of  the  society  were  usually  given  after  a  period  of  eight  years.  _  _  _  _  His  Ilorroi:  What  have  I  to  do  with  this  ?  Mr.  BLAIR  :  My  learned  friend  Mr.  Aspinall  made  some  reference  to  the  reports  not  having  been  furnished  by  Mr.  Dowling.  His  HONOR  :  I  do  not  think  that  I  have  anything  what whatever  ever whatever  to  do  with  the  question  of  whether  Mr.  Dowling  was  a  good  secretary  or  a  bad  secretary  to  this  society.  Witness  continued  :  Was  present  at  the  meeting  for  the  inauguration  of  the  officers  in  May  last.  Houghton  and  Leece  were  summoned  to  be  inaugurated.  Leece  came  first.  Lecce  was  told  that  a  person  named  Howgate  was  not  to  be  inaugurated  until  after  he  had  undergone  an  in investigation  vestigation investigation  into  a  charge  which  was  made  against  him.  Leece  refused  to  be  inaugurated  unless  Howgate  was  inau inaugnrated  gnrated inaugnrated  also.  The  chairman  cautioned  Leecc  against  re refusing  fusing refusing  to  be  inaugurated,  stating  that  he  would  be  dealt  with  according  to  the  rule  if  he  persisted  in  his  refusal.  Leece  still  refused,  and  left  the  room.  Young  did  the  same,  add  before  leaving  was  also  cautioned  by  the  chairman.  Houghton  was  also  present  while  this  was  going  on,  and  he  retired  from  the  room  saying  that  he  would  not  keep  his  seat  any  longer,  or  some  words  to  a  similar  effect.  The  chairman  also  cautioned  Houghton,  but  Houghton  made  use  of  some  expressions  to  the  effect  that  he  did  not  care  about  the  rules.  In  consequence  of  this  there  were  fines  imposed  upon  each  of  them.  Leece  and  Young  were  never  inaugu inaugurated.  rated. inaugurated.  Does  not  know  that  notice  was  given  to  them  that  the  fines  were  imposed;  the  caution  which  tbey  received  from  the  chairman  was  considered  sufficient  to  answer  the  purpose.  His  HONOR  :  I  must  remark  that  these  men  ought  to  have  been  informed.  They  might  have  been  quite  willing  to  have  qualified  themselves  for  office  by  paying  the  fine.  I  am  clearly  of  opinion  that  if  behind  a  man's  back  he  is  fined  that  cannot  possibly  disqualify  him.  He  cannot  be  expected  to  be  liable  to  disqualification  for  not  paying  a  fine  which  he  never  heard  of.  Mr.  BLAIR  :  You  have  it  in  evidence  that  they  were  in informed  formed informed  of  it  upon  the  12th  of  August.  His  HONOR  :  I  am  not  saying  a  word  about  ,  that  part  of  it.  The  witness  continued  :  On  the  24th  of  August,  the  plain plaintiffs  tiffs plaintiffs  were  told  that  the  fines  were  still  against  them,  but  they  would  not  pay.  His  HONOR  :  Mr.  Dowling,  how  is  a  man  to  know  that  he  is  fined  ?  Witness  :  lie  is  called  up  before  the  Committee,  and  he  is  told  that  a  fine  has  been  imposed  on  him.  His  HONOR  Was  that  done  in  this  case  ?  Witness  :  In  this  caso  they  were  cautioned  that  they  would  be  dealt  with  according  to  the  rule.  His  HONOR:  After  a  fine  is  inflicted  in  an  ordinary  case,  what  do  you  do  ?  Is  the  party  summoned  ?  -  -  Witness  :  He  gets  notice.  To  Mr.  BLAin:  Witness STYLE=superscript  tendered  his  resignation  upon  the  Bth  and  9th  of  August,  and  upon  the  following  day  there  was  a  meeting  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  when  they  refused  to  accept  the  resignation.  To  Mr.  ASPINALL  :  Keeps  a  record  in  the  fine  book  of  all  fines  which  are  paid,  Records  some  of  the  fines  upon  the  minutes.  Does  not  know  of  any  member  of  the  society  who  saw  the  record  of  the  fines  entered  against  Houghton,  Lcece,  and  Young,  until  August;  cannot  say  that  there  is  any  person  now  in  the  Court  who  saw  it.  Edward  Parker,  and  a  party  . STYLE=superscript  named  Maxwell,  were  ex examined,  amined, examined,  to  prove  that  the  plaintiffs  were  cautioned  before  leaving  the  room,  on  the  23rd  of  May,  that  they  would  be  dealt  with  according  to  the  rules.  The  evidence  of  these  witnesses  in  general  corroborated  that  of  Dowling.  His  HONOR  :  If  a  man  conceives  he  is  unjustly  fined,  has  he  any  right  of  appeal?  _  Mr:  Yes;  to  the  Board  of  Directors.  Mr.  ASPINALL  :  Shew  me  in  what  rule  that  right  is  men mentioned.  tioned. mentioned.  Mr.  DOWLING  :  In  rule  3,  section  4,  page  12.  His  HONOR  :  I  must  say  that  it  appears  to  me  that  all  these  disputes  might  have  been  avoided  by  simply  keeping  a  book  of  fines,  and  putting  down  there  the  names  of  every  party  fined,  so  that  any  party  fined  for  misconduct,  or  for"
