text
"REV.  MR.  BROWN'S  LECTURES.  The  Rev.  H.  S.  Brown  proceeded  with  his  course  of  lec lectures  tures lectures  upon  the  religions  of  the  East  last  night.  The  subject  was  a  continuation  of  his  lecture  upon  the  Greek  church.  The  rev.  gentleman  gave  a  clear  and  concise  description  of  the  points  upon  which  the  Greek  church  differed  from  that  of  Rome—their  modified  acceptance  of  the  doctrine  of  tran transubstantiation,  substantiation, transubstantiation,  their  dispute  about  the  use  of  leavened  or  un unleavened  leavened unleavened  bread,  their  rejection  of  the  clause  in  the  Nicene  Creed,  the  number  of  holydays  they  kept,  their  bap baptismal  tismal baptismal  and  dying  services  and  ceremonies,  and  their  reverence  for  the  Virgin  Mary,  He  also  dwelt  upon  the  fact  that,  al although  though although  they  refused  to  admit  statues  into  their  churches,  they  filled  them  with  pictures,  which  they  held  in  as  much  esteem  as  the  statues  of  the  church  of  Rome.  They  , STYLE=superscript  lit  wax  candles,  which  the  pious  believers  purchased  in  the  churches,  at  these  pictures,  and  to  him  a  great  part  of  the  Greek  reli religion  gion religion  seemed  to  consist  of  candles.  (Laughter.)  The  rev.  gentleman,  in  alluding  to  this  subject,  said—Now,  with  re regard  gard regard  to  image-worship,  how  do  we  ourselves  stand  ?  We  are  all  innocent,  of  course,  of  the  worship  of  pictures  or  statues.  Yes  ;  I  grant  that.  But  it  is  often  considered  that  a  picture  in  a  church,  at  the  east  end,  in  the  window,  a  picture  of  some  Scriptural  character  or  incident,  would  be  a  great  improvement  to  the  appearance  of  the  church.  Ido  not  know  but  that  it  is,  and  I  should  have  no  objection  in  the  world  to  having  such  a  picture  there.  It  is  called  by  many  a  decided  improvement,  and  they  think  it  to  be  desired  ;  but  mark  you  this,  that  the  man  who  would  give  you  50  guineas  to  put  up  in  the  window  a  picture  of  some  Scriptural  Saint,  would  rather  throw  his  money  into  the  Mersey  than  give  you  10s.  6d.  towards  a  statue  of  John  the  Baptist,  to  be  placed  there.  (Applause.)  Why  is  this  ?  Will  any  man  tell  me  why  we  might  not  as  well  have  a  statue  of  an  Apostle  as  a  picture  in  a  church  ?  Yet  there  is  a  strong  feeling  upon  the  subject.  We  put  up  in  our  churches  statues,  busts,  relieves  of  statesmen,  warriors,  scholars,  poets,  physicians.  Yes,  and  worse  than  that.  Some  good-for-nothing  man,  who  never  in  his  life  did  a  good  turn  to  anybody  but  himself,  some  wealthy  old  sinner  who  has  just  died—you  will  find  this  man's  features,  his  hard,  griping,  grinding,  grovelling,  and  half halfdevilish  devilish halfdevilish  face,  chiselled  by  the  hand  of  Chantry,  and  put  up  in  the  house  of  God.  (Applause).  I  know  a  case  in  point.  I  know  the  exact  place.  I  knew  the  man.  I  have  seen  the  relievo,  and  know  that  Chantrey's  immortal  name  was  placed  upon  it.  And  yet  if,  in  such  a  case,  the  clergyman,  thinking  that  King  David  was  quite  as  good  a  man  as  the  rich  banker,  the  rich  brewer,  or  the  rich  brickmaker,  who  just  died,  proposed  to  erect  a  statue  in  David's  honor,  and  place  it  over  against  the  chair,  the  parish  would  be  up  directly.  (Applause).  You  have  seen  St.  Paul's—you  walk  through  that  splendid  edifice.  Well,  will  you  say  when  in  the  grand  gallery,  walking  round  the  base  of  the  dome,  you  could  tell  whether  it  was  a  Christian  church  or  a  Pagan  temple  ?  What  do  you  see  there  ?  You  see  states statesmen,  men, statesmen,  warriors,  philanthropists,  scholars;  but  you  see  some something  thing something  more.  There  is  fame,  and  victory,  and  I  know  not  what  other  heathen  deities,  sculptured  in  marble  as  cold  and  hard  as  the  ideas  they  represent.  But  if  the  Dean  of  St.  Paul's,  thinking  that  the  illustrious  saint,  to  whom  the  church  is  dedicated,  was  about  as  good  a  man  as  Lord  Nelson,  and  perhaps  near  as  great  a  man  as  the  Duke  of  Wellington,  were  to  propose  erecting  a  statue  to  St.  Paul  himself  beneath  that  glorious  dome,  the  Londoners  would  rebel  en  masse.  Barclay  and  Parkins's  draymen  would  seize  their  whips,  and  every  gin-shop  in  London  would  ring  with  the  cry  of  (Loud  applause).  But  you  observe  as  you  quit  St.  Paul's,  as  you  come  out  from  that  majestic  area,  so  magnificently  paved  with  marble,  that  if  you  look  narrowly  St.  Paul  and  other  saints  are  to  be  found  in  the  cathedral.  But  they  were  outside.  They  appear  upon  the  western  pediment  ;  they  are  ranged  along  in  a  line,  perched  upon  the  roof  almost,  exposed  until  they  are  as  black  as  the  thousand  chimneys  which  every  moment  belch  their  abomin abominable  able abominable  smoke  in  the  faces  of  the  holy  men.  Yes,  it  is  thus  that  we  treat  the  saints.  We  put  Lord  Nelson  inside,  and  we  leave  St.  Paul  without.  (Applause.)  We  put  a  long  circle  of  swearing  soldiers  around  the  base  of  the  dome,  and  leave  the  pure  and  preaching  apostles  upon  the  roof.  lam  afraid  seriously,  that  this  is  but  too  true  an  emblem  of  the  Chris Christianity  tianity Christianity  of  this  country.  Apart  from  the  consideration  of  the  worship  of  saints,  I  like  the  catholic  practice  much  better  than  this.  I  would  rather  see  twelve  statues  of  the  apostles  beneath  St.  Paul's  dome  than  twelve  statues  of  warriors,  of  statesmen,  ay,  or  even  of  philanthropists.  I  know  but  one  man  whose  statue  is  worthy  of  standing  in  that  sacred  place,  and  he  stands  in  strange  proximity,  John  Howard.  (Loud  applause.)  Let  John  Howard  stand  there,  who  would  carry  him  away  ?  If  there  ever  was  an  Englishman  worthy  of  standing  beside  John  the  Apostle,  it  was  John  Howard  the  philanthropist.  (Renewed  applause.)  But,  after  all,  a  great  man  needs  no  statue,  graven  with  art  and  man's  device.  You  pay  a  poor  compliment  to  a  man,  after  all,  when  you  erect  a  statue  to  his  memory;  for  a  great  man's  statue  is  his  works  in  the  world.  Paul's  statue  is  his  epistles  :  David's  statue  is  his  glorious  psalms,  and,  to  come  to  a  much  lower  name,  Shakespeare's  -statue  is  his  plays.  If  a  man's  deeds  are  not  enough  to  command  the  reverence  and  admi admiration  ration admiration  of  mankind,  let  the  man  and  his  deeds  sleep  in  the  oblivion  of  death.  But  every  great  man  has  his  place  in  the  temple  of  fame  ;  he  is  not  put  there,  he  goes  there,  and  the  world  cannot  hinder  him.  (Applause.)  The  rev.  lecturer  then  returned  to  the  subject  of  the  practices  of  the  Greek  church,  and,  passing  from  Russia  into  Palestine,  proceeded  to  describe  the  holy  places,  and  the  ceremonies  performed  by  the  priests  of  that  church  there.  He  described  the  ceremony  which  takes  place  in  Easter  eve  in  the  church  of  the  Holy  Sepul Sepulchre,  chre, Sepulchre,  from  which  it  was  asserted  the  resurrection  of  our  Saviour  took  place.  Here,  amid  a  scene  of  devotion,  yelling,  and  confusion  of  all  kind,  which  the  lecturer  described  as  being  only  paralleled  by  the  scenes  of  a  Liverpool  election  ;  the  priests  taught  the  subjects  of  Nicholas  of  Russia  to  be believe  lieve believe  that  God  Almighty  descended  upon  the  tomb  of  the  Saviour,  and  the  bishop,  who  had  been  left  alone  in  the  church,  was  borne  out  in  an  apparently  fainting  state,  as assumed  sumed assumed  to  make  the  crowd  believe  that  he  had  been  over overpowered  powered overpowered  and  overwhelmed  by  the  presence  of  the  Eternal  God.  These  are  the  ceremonies,  continued  the  lecturer,  in  _defence  of  which  the  Czar  of  Russia  threatens  to  involve  the  civilised  world  in  all  the  horrors  of  war.  That  such  blas blasphemies,  phemies, blasphemies,  which  may  well  challenge  the  Vatican  to  show  their  equal,  may  be  more  fully,  freely,  and  unreservedly  en engaged  gaged engaged  in  is  the  cause  which  urges  the  Czar  of  Russia  to  make  war  upon  the  Sublime  Porte.  It  strikes  me  that  it  would  subserve  to  the  interests  of  true  religion  better,  if  the  vene venerable  rable venerable  edifice,  from  its  towering  dome  to  its  basement,  were  battered  by  Turkish  cannon,  than  that  by  the  barbarous  hordes  of  Russia  such  abominations  should  be  conserved  and  intensified.  (Applause.)  The  Czar  of  Russia  has  taken  upon  himself  to  preserve  the  interests  of  the  Greek  christians.  I  do  not  think  the  Turks  ha  re  ever  borne  very  hardly  on  them.  You  or  I  might  live  more  freely  in  Turkey  than  in  Italy.  Give  me  to  live  under  Mahommedan  rule  rather  than  under  the  true  Papal  rule.  (Applause.)  When  I  consider  the  religious  belief  and  views  of  the  Turks,  it  appears  rather  a  marvel  to  me  how  the  Turks  have  tolerated  these  ceremonies  so  long,  and  that  the  sword  of  Islam  has  slept  so  long,  and  not  been  unsheath  ed STYLE=superscript  against  such  abominations.  Let  no  one  imagine  that  I  recommend  such  things  ;  but  I  am  now  speaking  of  the  professed  principles  of  the  Mahom Mahommedan  medan Mahommedan  faith,  and  I  say  the  marvel  is  not  that  the  Greek  church  should  be  so  much  persecuted,  but  that  it  is  allowed  to  be  so  free.  It  is  said  that  they  suffer  under  disabilities,  and  that  the  evidence  of  a  Greek  Christian  will  not  be  taken  in  a  Turkish  court  of  law.  This  is  true  ;  but  do  we  expect  that  the  Emperor  of  France,  or  anybody  else  will  make  war  upon  this  country  because  we  do  not  admit  Jews  into  the  House  of  Commons  ?  And  the  question  of  these  disabilities  might  surely  be  more  perfectly  and  satisfactorily  arranged  by  the  peaceful  interposition  of  the  Christian  powers.  It  is  not  by  the  sword  that  the  interests  of  religion  are  to  be  carried  out.  But  why  argue  it  ?  There  is  no  man  in  this  assembly,  no  sensible  man  anywhere,  who  believes  that  the  Emperor  cares  about  the  Greek  church._  or  that  i  he  has  any  zeal  for  religion.  It  is  a  p  i STYLE=superscript  e  ce STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  his STYLE=superscript  im STYLE=superscript  p  eria STYLE=superscript  cant.  He  is  clothed  with  zeal,  but  it  is  as  a  cloak.  He  puts  on  that  flimsy  covering  to  cloak  his  gigantic  and  barbarous  ambition.  If  he  thinks  it  is  his  mission  to  sustain  the  church,  I  would  remind  him  of  the  old  proverb,  that  charity,  begins  at  Let  the  bearded  barbarian  go  back  and  feed  his  215,000  poor  starving  parsons  a  little  better  than  he  does.  Let  him  rescue  his  own  church  and  his  own  clergy  from  their  intense  ignorance,  their  awful  poverty,  their  miserable  squalor;  and  when  he  has  done  this,  when  he  has  acted  decently  at  home,  he  may  then  perhaps  be  entitled  to  interfere  in  the  display  of  his  zeal  for  Christianity  and  the  Greek  Christians  in  Turkey.  Until  that  is  done  he  stands  simply  forth  to  the  world  as  an  im imperial  perial imperial  hypocrite.  The  lesson  1  learn  from  the  whole  of  this  business  is  just  this  :  It  would  be  much  better  if  all  em emperors  perors emperors  minded  their  own  business,  and  left  the  churches  to  settle  their  own  disputes.  It  is  just  another  illustration  of  the  evils  of  the  connection  between  the  civil  and  eccle ecclesiastical  siastical ecclesiastical  authorities.  (Applause.)  It  is  that  connection  which  has  now  disturbed  Europe,  which  would  not  now  be  threatened  with  a  war  upon  that  pretence,  although  perhaps  upon  some  other  it  might.  When  will  the  kings  of  the  earth  be  wise  ?  When  will  the  princes  of  the  world  consider  ?  When  will  men  listen  to  the  brief  but  pregnant  sentence,  which  if  understood  and  practised,  would  shatter  for  ever  the  idea  of  kings  becoming  de defenders  fenders defenders  of  the  my  kingdom  is  not  of  this  The  Rev.  Mr.  BROWN  then  do  sed  his  lecture,  amid  repeated  bursts  of  enthusiastic  applause.  THE  TEA  TRADE,  DEC.  s.—The  deliveries  in  London,  made  up  for  the  week,  are  607,114  lbs.,  being  an  increase  of  about  41,000  lbs.  compared  with  the  previous  week.  Lord  Ward  had  an  interview  with  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen  on  Monday,  at  his  official  residence  in  Downing-street.  A  deputation,  consisting  of  Mr.  Charles  Russell,  chairman  of  the  Great  Western  railway  company;  Viscount  Barring  ton,  M.P.,  deputy-chairman  ;  and  Mr.  C.  A.  Saunders,  secretary  of  the  company,  had  an  interview  with  Sir  William  Molesworth,  on  Monday,  at  the  Office  of  Worics  and  Public  Bifildings,  in  Whitehall-place.  SECURITY  FOR  LIFE  IN  PORTUGAL.  —The  celebrated  guerilla  chief,  Galamba,  who  took  so  active  a  part  on  the  side  of  the  Oporto  junta,  in  1846-47,  has  been  murdered  at  a  town  called  Vidigueiva,  in  Alemtejo.  He  was  shot  dead  in  broad  daytime,  and  in  the  most  frequented  part  of  the  town,  by  a  political  enemy,  who  will  probably  be  paid  off  in  the  same  coin  by  the  friends  of  the  deceased;  but  who,  if  he  only  keeps  out  of  the  way  for  a  a  couple  of  months  or  so,  has  little  or  nothing  toifear  from  what  is  called  justice."
