text
"TOWN  IMP,ROVEMENI'S.  KEEP  TO  THE  TO  THE  EDITOR  Or  THE  NORTHftN  lAILY  TIMES.  SlR,—The  above  moral  injunction  is  inscribed  on  half-a half-a-dozen  dozen half-a-dozen  half-obliterated  boards,  about  the  bridges  connecting  George's  Pier  with  the  streets  of  'Liverpool;  and  with  about  as  much  effect  upon  the  inhabitants  of  good  old  as  - STYLE=superscript  if  they  were  flexed  upert  the  gates  oaf  Canton,  or  in  the  purlieus  of  Hong`liOng.  What  a-world  of  parchment  might  be  saved—how  much  of  frauds  and-feuds  prevented—hew  many  lawyer's  fees  eco economizediflow  nomizediflow economizediflow  many  head-aches  . STYLE=superscript  and  heart  j  iches  escaped— escapedhow  how escapedhow  many  family  broils  and  domestic  stews  avoided—how  much  of  - STYLE=superscript  hatred,  malice;  and  *all  uncharltableness  shunned  —if  people  would  beep  to  the  'And—what  is  most  to  my  present  purpose—how  many  -pushings,  pokings,  jost jostlings,  lings, jostlings,  hinderings,  would  'be  evaded,  if  people,  in  walking  throngh  - STYLE=superscript  igitreets,  would  but  to  :the  The  art  of  walking  the  - STYLE=superscript  streets  is  one  which  the  people  'of  Liverpool  have  yet  to  learn.'  Ido  'riot  :  quarrel  with  the  pro 'proposedimprovements-=the'  making  of  new  streets,  and  the  widening  of  old  ones—wherever  the  necessity'  exists  ;—but  let  us,  meanwhile,  make  the  best  of  the  space  we  have  ;  and,  possibly,  it  may  appear  that,  by  better  Management,  in  this  most  needful  art,  we  may  show  that  half  the  alterations,  and  half  the  expense  proposed,  may  be  delayed  till  a  future  generatienshall  require  and  can  afford  to  pay  for  them.  Any  one'  who  goes  to  London,  and  walks  from  Chariiig  Cross  to  the  Mansion  House,'  will  find  in  the  'same  width  'of  pavethent,  at  least  twenty  times  the  number  of  passengers  that  we  have  in  Liverpool..  - STYLE=superscript  In  London  we  trace  in  fo.tures  - STYLE=superscript  Of  the  passers  to  and  fro,  an  eagerness  to  arrive  at  the  place  and  object  in  pursuit,  and  yet  all  is  order  in  their  movements.  In  Liverpool  there  seems  less  of  that  eager  rushing  at  the  end  and  object  of  the  journey,  and  a  slovenly  laxity  and  disregard  of  all  method  and  arrangement  in  effect effecting  ing effecting  a  speedy  and  commodious.  passage  through  the,crowded  streets.  All  this  . STYLE=superscript  would  be  avoided  if  people,  would  but  to  the.  Let  anybody  walk  up  Church-street  —from  Lord-street  to  Bold-street—and  I'll  bet  you  a  new  hat  that  in  passing  St.  Peter's_  Church,  where  the  wall  is  your  right—being  orr  the  right  —you  will  meet  half  a  dozen  pig-headed  pedestrians  who  will  butt,  and  - STYLE=superscript  dodge,  and  rush  at  you  to  displace  you.  As  a  man  of.  peace,  you  give  way,  and  allow  the  confusion  to  be  'still  confounded.  As  a  sturdy  belligerent  reformer  of  our  ways,  you  might  stand  and  fight  it  out,  and  be  carried  before  the  magistrates  for  an  assault.  The  pig-headed  iforenamed  seem  resolved  to  hug  themselves  into  the  odour  exuding  from  the  graves,  rather  than  take  their  rightful  place,  and  the  freer  air  upon  the  kerb.  The  simple  rule  of  . STYLE=superscript  keeping  to  the  would  spare  all  this  annoyance  and  confusion.  If  a  waggoner  drives  his  team  through  the  street,  his  horses  and  carriage  are  on  the  left  of  the  road,  and  he  must  be  on  the  right  of  the  pathway  to  guide  and  manage  them  The  rule  of  walking  the  streets  is  simply  this  :—pa__  to  the  right  of  all  you  meet,  and  to  the  left  of  all  you  over overtake.  take. overtake.  There  is  no  hinderance  in  this,  to  your  walking  faster  than  otheri,  if  you  desire,  or  have  occasion  to  do  so  ;  in  such  case  Pass  round  the  left  hand  of  the  slower  walkers,  but  immediately  take  your  place  before  them  on  the  right  hand  of  the  pavement,  and  you  will  find  yonr  passage  all  the  smoother  and  more  facile  for  this  concession  to  the  rule  of  all  large  . STYLE=superscript  and  civilized  co  mmun  iti  es  Say  this,  my  dear  Mr.  Editor,  to  the  people  of  Liverpool,  and  you  will  confer  an  obligation  on  society  at  large,  and  amongst  the  number  to  Your  cordial  well-wisher,  A  FELLOW  WHO  WANTS  TO  GET  ON  IN  THE  WORLD.  DR.  NETVM.AN'S  LECTURE  ON  TURKEY.  Last  evening  a  lecture,  on  the  Tartar  *races  and  the  Turks,  was  delivered  in  the  Catholic  Institute,  Hope-street,  by  the  Very  Rev.  Dr.  NP  - STYLE=superscript  the  Oratory,  to  a  numerous  and  respectable  audience.  RICHARD  SHIEL,  Esq.,  presided.  The  CHAIRMAN  said—Ladies  and.  Gentlemen,  I  am  about  to  perform  a  duty  which  I  think  might  have  very  well  been  dispensed  with,  that  is,  of  introducing  to  you  the  Very  Rev.  Dr.  Newman.  (Applause).  He  has  been  for  some  time  very  well  known  to  us_and  to  him  'we  owe  so  many  and  such  great  obligations,  as  render  it  quite  impossible  that  we  should  forget  him  (hear,  hear)  ;  or  that  we  should  even  be'capable  of  not  receiving  him  with  •  that,  expression  of  gratitude  to  Which  he  is  so  justly  entitled,  not  only  from  us,  but  from  all  Catholics  in  the  Empire,  in  every  place,  and  under  every  circumstance.  (Applause).  I  feel  I  should  be  trespassing  on  'your  patience  and  acting  injudiciously,  if  I  were  to  take  up  your  time  any  longer  than  by  saying,  I  have  the  honour  of  introducing  to,  you  the  Very  Itev.  Dr,  Newman,  who  will  have  the  pleasure  of  addressing  you.  (Applause).  NEW3IAN  commenced  by  :  laying  .  it  down  as  a  prin principle  ciple principle  that  there  -had  been  .from  time  immemorial  a  great  conflict  'between  the  north  and  South  the  north  had  been  aggressive,  and  the  south  had  always  to  be  on  the  defensive.  This  was  brought  before  them  in  the  Holy  Scriptures.  When  the  favoured  people  fell  into  sin  and  -  we  re  threatened  with  judgement  ,  'it  was  said  to  come  from  the  north,  because  in  the  history  of  the  world,  the  north  was  the  place'  which  was  the  home  of,  those  restless  nations  which  poured  down  upon  the  south.  Why  they  did  'so  was  very  plain  also.  The  due  had  every  thing  to  tempt,  and  the  other  had  numbers  to  be  tempted.  The  south  was  rich  and  beautiful,  and  the  north  on  the  otho  hand  had  been  called  the  store  hoftse  of  nature.  There  was  an  enormous  tract  starting  from  the  50th  degree  of  latitude,  running  from  near  the  Chinese  sea,  across  the  whole  of  Asia  and  Europe.  It  went  to  the  Baltic  and  Euxinn'Seas,  and  even  to  the  Rhine,  and  the,  peculiarity  of  that.  great  tract  was-  that  it  was  a  plain.  This  plain  had  been  a  sort  of  wild  common  or  broad  horse  path,  of  those  nations,and  the  home,if  it  could  be  called  So  of  'those  wandering  races.  'ln  ancient  times,  before  the  Christian  era,  this  extended  into  Europe.  This  tract  was  said  to  be  5,000  miles  in  length  ;  its  breadth  varied  very  much,  sometimes  400  miles,  and  sometimes  as  much  as  1,100.  This  great  sphere  was  the  home  of  the  Nomadic  or  Wandering  tribes,  with  their  flocks  and  herds.  In  Asia  this  great  space  was  scarred  by  four  different  ranges  of  very  high  mountains.  None  of  them  intersected  each  other,  but  ran  parallel  from  west  to  east.  The'  lowest  of  those  was  the.  Himalaya,  and  the  highest  the  Altai,  and  that  might  he  said  to  be  the  metropolis,  the  fountain  head  from  which  those  races  had  poured  out  and'  lled  the  im immense  mense immense  space  he  spoke  of.  It  was  a  curse  pronounced  on  man  in  the  beginning,  that  by  the  sweat  of  his'  brow  he  should  earn  his  bread,  but  man  in  a  naturally  savage  state  was  unwilling  to  comply  with  the  necessity  p  u  t  up  on  hi  m  ,  and  was  exceedingly  indolent.  In  the  vast  plain  of  which  he  spoke,  the,  inhabitants  did  not  till  the  land,  but  subsisted  on  their  flocks  which  lived  on  the  spontaneous  vegetation  they  found.  Those  people  were  especially  attached  to  their  horses,  and  they  had  duties  of  experience  to  perform  to  those  brutes  because  they  depended  upon  them.  The  horse  to  them  was  everything;  whether  as  shepherds  or  in  the  chase,  and  as  they  travelled  about  much,  the  horse  was  their  means  of  transport,  but  more  than  that,  the  horse  was  their  food,  both  living  and  dead.  The  lecturer  then  described  how  they  sturOunded  therhselves  with  domestic  animals,  such  as  sheep,  oxen,  and  horses  ;  but  of  all  animals  the  horse  was  their  peculiar  characteristic.  •  The  lecturer  then  described  the  many  services  which  the  horse  renders  to  the  Tartar  from  time  immemorial,  how,  in  past  ages,  he  distilled  a  far  from  unpleasant  spirit  from  the  mare's  milk—how  his  friend  in  war;  the  horse,  was  no  less  useful  to  him  when  dead,  his  flesh  affording  him  food,  his  hide;  the  means  of  constructing  a  rude  boat,  which  enabled  him  in  his  many  wanderings,  to  cross  wide  and  deeply  flowing  rivers,  and  the  intestines  a  substitute  for  cordage.  With  this  characteristic  all  their  customs  were  connected  ;  and  even  at  the  present  day  the  decrees  of  the  sublime  Porte  are  dated  from  the  and  the  flying  of  the  is,  as  of  old,  their  decla declaration  ration declaration  of,  war.  _  They  had  more  than  a  contempt  for  houses,  and  would  never  enter  them,  calling  them  the  sepulchres  of  the  living  but  they  wandered  through  the  wastes,  with,  their  families  'and  herds,  a  .  kind  of  knight-errant,  though  their  object  Was  diffe  r  ent.  seeking  wherever  they  went,  war  and  plunder.  The  -lecturer  then  pointed  'out  how  a  certain  amount  of  discipline  being  necessary  to  preserve  the  cohesion  between  these  wandering  hordes,  they  could  with  a  very  slight  transition  be  made  a  military  camp,  possessing  a  fitness  for  war  which  no  other  people  had  or  could  have.  For  in  all  warfare;  particularly  modern  'warfare,  the  great  difficulty  was  the  providing  a  proper  Commis Commissariat,  sariat, Commissariat,  but  with  this,  now  essential,  the  Tartar  from  his  mode  of  life  could  easily  dispense..  The  lec lecturer  turer lecturer  then  described  the  formation,  •  the  cold,  and  other  characteristics  of  the  extensive  plateau  possessdd  by_  the  Tartar  tribes,  and  observed  that  the  only  office  their  father fatherland  land fatherland  could  do  them,  was  to  thrust  them  forth  from  its  inhos  pitable  boSom  on  lands  more  fertile  and  tempting.  He  then  described  the  course  the  tribes  took  in  their  migrations,  which  were  alWays  in  the  first  instance  westward.  Having  got  to  the  edge  of  the  'plateau,  they  left  Mongolia  and  en entered  tered entered  Tartary.  They  then  reached  Pama,  crossed  the  Oxis,  and  then  descended  into  the  vast  plains  of  Turkistan.  If  they  did-  not  take  that  course,  they,  turned  towards  Siberia,  and  the  top  of  the  Caspian,  and  then,  crossed  the  Oxis,  'by  the  Caucasus.  And  when  they  took  neither  of  these  courses,  they  .  crossed  the.  Don;  and  so  get  into  Russia,  'and  then,  crossing  the  Danube,  they  would,find  themselves  in  Europe.  The  lecturer  then  described  how  these  migrations  were  nothing  more  than,  raids  :  or  invasions,  and  h  ow  ,  t  rave  lli  ng  at  their  usual  rate  on  such  occasions,  of  100  miles  a  day,  they  could  within  a  few  weeks  overrun  all  Asia,  devastating  and  laying  waste  the  country  which  they  passed,  more  fearfully  than  a  cloud  of  locusts.  They  rushed  along  with  all  the  excite excitement  ment excitement  of  a  fox  hunt,  but  with  the  eagerness  and  silence  of  a  beast  of  prey.  Whateve  r  th  e  y  met.  they  destroyed,  and  the  'only  human  beings  whom  they  ,spared  were  priests  and  doctors—the  first  from  a  superstitious  feeling,  and  the  latter  for  their  skill  and  knowledge.  'But  they  never  spared  lawyers,  (laughter)  and  it  was  not  wonderful,  for  'of  all  things  they  had  the  least  to  do  with  law.  7  .(Laughter.)  Society  had  eut-lawed  them;  and  there  ,  was  'One  case  on  record,  where,  when  they  came  to  a  lawyer,  they  sewed  up  his  mouth,  (laughter)  saving,  that  the  viper  should  not  speak  or  hiss  any  longer.  (Laughter.)  The  lecturer  then  said,  that  though  he  did  not  intend  ,to  go  into  the  much  vexed  question  of  races,  he  should  observe,  that  there  was..a.  general  similarity  in  physical  conformation  among  all'  these'  tribes,  and  that  the  character  of  the  races.  whatever  their  origin  might  be,  would  in  that  country,  become  like  each  other.'  He  then  Pained  the  countries  which  suffered  most  from  these  raids  by  the  Northern  hordes,  and  remarked,  that  while  the  North  was  so  powerful,  the  South  was  equally  powerless  against"
