text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  absenting  himself  from  his  office,  migl  t  learn  it  at  once,  in  place  of  keeping  it  hanging  over  their  heads  until  the  very  last  moment.  Mr.  ASPINALL  briefly  replied  upon  the  part  of  the  plaintiff's  His  HONOR  :  Suppose  I  were  to  direct  that  new  elections  should  take  place  in  all  these  cases,  when  could  the  elections  take  place  ?  Mr.  BLAIR  :  Upon  the  first  Tuesday  in  December.  Mr.  ASPINALL  applied  that  in  case  his  Honor  decided  upon  ordering  new  elections  he  should  make  some  order  in  refer reference  ence reference  to  the  money  now  paid  to  the  different  secretaries.  His  HONOR  :  I  shall  direct  all  these  payments,  to  whom whomsoever  soever whomsoever  made,  to  be  held  as  good  payments.  The  man  must  not  suffer.  I  have  a  very  strong  impression  that  I  had  better  take  advantage  of  the  power  given  to  me,  and  make  an  order  which  would  enable  all  the  members  to  vote,  and  select  the  officers  under  whose  guidance  they  wish  the  society  to  be  placed.  Perhaps  if  I  come  to  that  conclusion  it  will  be  wiser  to  abstain  from  giving  any  opinion  upon  the  conduct  of  the  parties  engaged  in  this  matter.  It  cannot  do  much  good  and  may  lead  to  further  ill-will,  While  I  am  only  anxious  that  the  interests  of  the  members,  and  of  society  at  large,  should  be  protected.  Mr.  ASPINALL  urged  upon  the  Court  the  importance  of  ordering  a  new  election  for  the  office  of  Secretary,  as  it  was  in  evidence  that  a  great  majority  of  the  members  had  voted  against  Mr.  Dowling.  •  His  Homm  finally  said  :  I  abstain  purposely  from  giving  any  opinion  upon  either  side,  not  that  I  do  not  entertain  an  opinion,  but  that  I  think  I  shall  best  consult  the  interests  of  the  society,  and  of  the  members  generally,  by  refraining  from  saying  anything  which  might  tend  to  promote  dissension  among  them.  I  think  I  shall  also  best  consult  their  interests  by  giving  them  an  opportunity  of  declaring  under  whose  guidance  they  wish  the  society  to  be.  I  therefore  declare,  according  to  the  powers  given  me,  that  the  office  of  President,  Vice-President,  Secretary,  and  Treasurer,  are  all  vacant,  and  I  direct  a  new  election  to  be  held  ,for  them  upon  the  first  Tuesday  in  December  :  that  all  payments  shall  be  Ulu  good  which  were  made  to  the  society  :  that  all  the  books  and  papers  be  given  to  Mr.  Owen,  to  be  by  him  handed  to  the  proper  person  as  soon  as  the  elections  are  over  :  that  the  fines  recorded  against  the  plaintiffs  shall  not  interfere  with  their  eligibility  for  office  :  that  the  persons  elected  shall  be  inaugurated  by  the  acknowledged  Committee;  and  as  to  costs,  I  direct  those  to  be  divided  between  the  parties,  each  party  paying  his  own  costs.  His  Honor  then  called  npon  all  the  members  to  unite  heart  and  hand  for  the  future  in  advancing  the  interests  of  the  society,  which  was  an  impor important  tant important  and  a  prosperous  one,  and  electing  those  officers  who  were  best  qualified  to  guard  and  serve  it.  The  delivery  of  the  decision  was  ,received  with  loud  ap applause  plause applause  among  the  members  of  the  society,  who  filled  the  Court.  The  proceedings  did  not  terminate  until  an  advanced  period  of  the  evening.  FRACAS  AT  THE  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION  IN  WEST  DERBY  WARD.  Yesterday,  Mr.  Thomas  Corkhill,  cabinet-maker,  Bruns Brunswick-road,  wick-road, Brunswick-road,  appeared  at  the  police  court,  in  answer  to  a  summons  issued  against  him  by  Mr.  John  Jones,  for  au  assault  on  the  Ist  November.  Mr.  PAYNE,  solicitor,  appeared  for  the  complainant,  and  Mr.  BRETHERTON,  solicitor,  for  the  defendant.  Mr.  JONES,  the  prosecutor,  was  called  and  said  he  was  an  assessor  at  the  Edge-hill  booth  last  Tuesday  week,  and  a  few  minutes  after  four  o'clock  they  prepared  to  get  their  voting  papers,  and  put  themin  the  box;  while  doing  that,  a  number  of  persons,  amongst  whom  was  Mr  Corkhill,  broke  in  the  door  and  rushed  in  amongst  them.  The  defendant  objected  to  the  election  and  personations  on  Mr.  Flint's  side,  and  commenced  quarrelling  with  Mr.  Morgan,  when  witness  stepped  forward  and  said,  gentlemen,  I  cannot  allow  this  conduct  here  he  then  received  a  blow  in  the  eye  from  the  defendant  that  made  it  black  for  two  or  three  days  ;  Mr.  Littledale  then  interposed,  and  the  parties  went  away.  Mr.  JONES  was  cross-examined  at  some  length  to  -shew  that  Mr.  Corkhill  was  much  provoked  on  the  occasion,  and  that  so  far  from  being  the  aggressor  he  was  the  aggrieved  pay.  _  _  Mr.  LEONARD  WATSON  was  next  called  and  examined  by  Mr.  Payne  :  He  said,  I  am  a  druggist,  and  was  co-assessor  with  Mr.  Jones  ;  I  was  in  the  booth  at  four  o'clock  when  it  closed  ;  I  saw  Mr.  Corkhill  come  in  about  two  minutes  Mier  four  o'clock,  when  the  window  was  closed;  Mr.  Hume  and  several  gentlemen  were  with  him  '  •  Mr.  Corkhill  was  in  a  very  excited  state,  and  objected  to  the  election  on  account  of  personation  on  Mr.  Flint's  side  ;  Mr.  Morgan  happened  to  be  standing  close  to  the  door  at  the  time  they  entered,  and  what  conversation  took  place  I  do  not  know  ;  Mr.  Morgan  was  the  objecting  burgess  with  Mr.  Youd  ;  they  got  to  high  words  '  •  Mr.  Morgan  called  Mr.  Corkhill  a  scoundrel  ;  on  which  defendant  said  if  he  would  repeat  it  again  he  would  strike  him  ;  Mr.  Morgan  did  repeat  it,  and  the  defendant  then  struck  him.  Mr.  Jones  then  came  forward,  put  up  his  hand  and  said,  cannot  allow  this  gentlemen,  when  he  too  received  a  blow  on  the  face;  I  saw  his  eye  that  evening  when  he_was  going  down  to  the  Town-hall.  Crosi-examined  by  Air.  bretherton  :  This  took  place  two  or  three  minutes  after  four  o'clock,  on  the  Ist  of  November.  Mr.  TO7I  PS'R  PyP  \VAC  Inn+  .v.Mly  131.01.,  it  raisb.4  bow  lat  l  o  darker  than  it  is  now;  I  only  saw  him  once  or  twice  since.  When  Mr.  Corkhill  came  in,  he  went  to  state  his  objections  to  the  alderman;  there  arose  no  disturbance;  Mr.  Morgan  said  something  ;  Mr.  Corkhill  left  the  alderman  and  ad addressed  dressed addressed  Mr.  Morgan,  from  some  observation  he  made  ;  will  swear  I  do  not  know  it  ;  Mr.  Corkhill  said  if  he  would  re repeat  peat repeat  the  word  he  would  knock  him  down,  I  didn't  hear  the  word  liar  used  ;  I  never  heard  Mr.  Jones  say  anything  from  the  beginning  to  the  end  ;  I  didn't  hear  either  of  the  three  use  any  offensive  expressions  to  any  one  when  they  came  in  ;  the  offensive  expression  Mr.  Morgan  used  was  the  first  I  had  heard.  Another  witness  was  called,  who  corroborated  the  evidence  of  the  former  witnesses.  Mr.  Thomas  Littledale,  the  presiding  Alderman,  on  the  occasion  of  the  election,  was  next  examined.  He  said,  as  soon  as  Mr.  Corkhill  came  into  the  room  he  addressed  me.  He  did  not  a;k  Mr.  Youd  to  state  the  case  to  me.  It  was  immediately  after  Mr.  Corkhill  asked  me  to  receive  the  ob objectins  jectins objectins  that  the  word  scoundrel  was  used.  I  only  heard  the  word  used  once;  I  heard  Mr.  Corkhill  say  that  if  Mr.  Morgan  repeated  the  word  scoundrel  he  would  knock  him  down  ;  he  struck  Mr.  Morgan  ;  Mr.  Jones  ran  up  immedia immediately  tely immediately  after  he  struck  Mr.  Morgan  ;  Mr.  Jones  laid  hands  on  Mr.  Corkhill  before  he  struck  him  •  I  was  prevented  from  hearing  it  at  first  by  the  noi  se  an  d  disturbance;  there  were  some  gentlemen  came  in  with  Mr.  Corkhill  ;  I  should  say  there  were  three  or  four  ;  they  made  no  noise  ;  the  noise  proceeded  from  other  gentlemen  ;  the  other  gentlemen  in  the  r  oom  were  myself,  the  poll  Clerk,  the  assessors  and  the  Check  Clerks  ;  the  only  word  I  heard  was  scoundrel  ;  but  no  doubt  there  were  other  expressions  used  ;  I  made  the  remark  generally,  that  it  had  been  a  most  disgraceful  scene  ;  I  did  not  address  myself  to  Mr.  Jones  or  Mr.  Morgan  in individually,  dividually, individually,  I  addressed  myself  to  all  ;  what  Mr.  Corkhill  came  in  for  was  perfectly  his  duty.  Mr.  Bretherto  - STYLE=superscript  n  then  addressed  the  bench  in  behalf  of  the  defendant,  and  called.  Mr.  HUME,  who  said,  I  am  a  surgeon  residing  in  Moss Mossstreet;  street; Mossstreet;  I  remember  the  day  of  election  at  Rose  Hill;  went  to  the  polling  booth  to  objectto  some  votes  as  personations  ;  the  poll  was  closed  at  that  time  ;  I  went  with  Mr.  Corkhill  and  Mr.  Youd,  about  five  minutes  after  four  ;  the  door  was  open  ;  there  was  not  the  slightest  disturbance  at  the  door;  we  walked  up  to  the  table  ;  we  didn't  effect  our  entrance  in  any  disorderly  manner  ;  there  was  no  disturbance  at  the  door  at  the  time  we  went  in  ;  Mr.  Corkhill  addressed  himself  to  Mr.  Littledale  ;  he  said  he  had  called  to  objet  to  some  votes  ;  Morgan  began  to  use  some  offensive  expressions  to  Mr.  Corkhill  ;  the  word  scoundrel  was  repeated  several  times  over  ;  the  disturbance  was  so  much  that  the  alderman  could  not  take  the  objection;  I  didn't  hear  Mr.  Corkhill  use  any  offensive  expressions  to  either  Mr.  Morgan  or  Mr.  Jones  ;  some  one  repeated  the  word  scoundrel  ;  I  believe  it  was  Mr.  Morgan  ;  as  Mr.  Corkhill  was  making  the  blow  at  Mr.  Mor Morgan  gan Morgan  I  was  pushed  out,  and  therefore  I  didn't  see  the  blow  ;  when  I  returned  all  was  quiet;  Mr.  Morgan  and  Mr.  Cork Corkhill  hill Corkhill  shook  hands  ;  but  Mr.  Jones  would  not  shake  hands.  Several  more  witnesses  were  called  and  examined,  and  confirmed  the  evidence  of  the  former  witness.  The  last  witness  that  was  called  for  the  defendant  positively  swore  that  he  saw  Mr.  Jones  strike  Mr.  Corkhill  first,  and  that  he  seized  him  by  the  collar.  The  magistrates  deferred  giving  their  decision  until  Saturday.  SINGULAR  CASE  OF  ACCIDENTAL  POISONING.—AII  extra extraordinary  ordinary extraordinary  and  somewhat  novel  case  of  poisoning  occurred  at  Bristol  this  week.  It  appears  that  some  time  since  a  Mr.  Joseph  Russell,  a  wine  merchant  at  Bristol,  died,  bequeath bequeathing  ing bequeathing  a  legacy  (among  others)  to  a  distant  relation  named  Joseph  Russell,  a  bookseller  at  Chard,  Somersetshire,  who,  during  the  past  week  came  to  Bristol  respecting  it.  Having  two  brothers  residing  in  Bristol,  on  Sunday  he  dined  with  his  brother  William,  a  coachmaker,  residing  in  Stokes  Croft,  and  partook  of  some  roast  beef,  being  then  in  excellent  health.  Having  remarked  that  roast  beef  was  nothing  without  horse-radish,  his  brother's  wife  said  that  there  were  some  horseradish  roots  in  the  garden,  and  the  servant  was  sent  to  dig  up  one.  Upon  its  being  scraped,  dressed  with  vinegar,  and  placed  on  the  table,  his  brother  and  himself  took  some  of  it,  but  remarked  that  it  must  be  a  very  bad  horseradish,  as  it  had  not  the  usual  flavour  and  piquancy.  Mrs.  William  Russell,  disliking  horseradish,  did  not  partake  of  it.  Shortly  after  dinner  Joseph  Russell  complained  of  a  very  peculiar  tingling  sensation  in  his  hands  and  arms,  which  rapidly  increased  until  he  said  he  felt  it  creeping  round  his  neck,  His  brother  said,  Oh,  perhaps  the  dinner  has  disagreed  with  you  ;  let  us  take  a  walk  and  von  will  be  They  accordingly  went  out  towards  y STYLE=superscript  Hillgrove Hillgrovestreet,  street, Hillgrovestreet,  where  the  third  brother  resided,  and  on  the  way  the  brother  William  complained  of  a  similar  sensation,  but  in  a  much  slighter  degree.  The  symptoms  in  Joseph  rapidly  became  more  alarming,  and  on  reaching  his  brother's  house  he  sank  into  a  chair,  exclaiming,  I  know  I  am  poisoned,  for  I  feel  one  side  of  me  dead  Brandy  was  given  to  him,  and  medical  aid  instantly  called  in,  but  unavailing,  for  he  rapidly  sank  and  died  within  an  hour.  The  brother,  who  had  taken  much  less  of  the  supposed  horse-radish,  was  also  much  affected,  but  is  recovering.  Upon  examination  it  was  found  that  the  root  was  the  Aconitunt  Napellus  (wolf's (wolf'sbane  bane (wolf'sbane  or  monks'hood),  which  strongly  resembles  horseradish,  and  which,  particularly  at  this  season  of  the  year,  is  a  strong  narcotic  poison.  TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  THE  HOSTILITIES  ON  THE  DANUBE  CONSTANTINOPLE,  Oct.  31.--Great  decrease  pre-  Another  million  of  paper  money  has  been  is issued.  sued. issued.  Namik  Pacha  has  left  for  Paris.  Lebanon  is  disturbed.  In  Asia  Selim  Pacha  has  crossed  the  Russian  frontier.  A  conflict  has  taken  place  near  Battoum  which  has  caused  much  sensation.  The  Porte  has  resolved  that  Austrian  refugees  shall  not  be  employed  in  the  army  operations  in  Europe.  Movements  and  levies  of  troops  continue.  The  city  is  tranquil.  SMYRNA.—The  Russian  Consul  General  has  left  for  An  Imperial  Russian  Manifesto,  bearing  date  the  21st  ult  ,  and  of  an  unmistakeably  warlike  ten tendency,  dency, tendency,  appears  in  the  Journalof  St.  Petersburgh.  It  concludes  with  the  following  words  Russia  is  goaded  on  to  war  ;  nothing  remains  for  her  but  to  have  recourse  to  arms,  to  compel  the  OttOman  Empire  to  respect  treaties,  to  obtain  reparation  for  the  insults  with  which  the  latter  has  replied  to  our  most  moderate  demands—to  our  legitimate  so solicitude  licitude solicitude  for  the  maintainance  of  the  orthodox  faith  in  the  A  despatch  sent  from  Vienna  on  Wednesday,  says  :  Accounts  from  Bucharest  report  a  battle  and  14  superior  Russian  officers  killed.  The  Turks  remained  masters  of  the  field,  and  the  Russians  were  retreating  on  One  of  the  same  date,  states  that  the  Turkish  Embassy  in  Vienna  have  received  an  account  of  a  conflict  near  Battoum  on  the  26th;  in  all  5,000  men  were  on  the  field.  After  fighting,  the  bel belligerents  ligerents belligerents  retired  to  their  respective  former  posi 'positions.'  The  same  despatch  mentions  the  very  doubtful  report,  M.  de  Kotzebue,  Russian  Consul-  General,  accompanies  Prince  Gortechakofftu  Giur Giurgevo,  gevo, Giurgevo,  to  parley  with  the  Turkish  diplomatists  ex expected  pected expected  -  Accounts  from  St.  Petersburg  of  the  25th  state  that  Considerable  reinforcements  had  been  sent  to  Bessarabia  and  Volhynia,  where  the  3rd  and  4th  corps  dant&amp;  are  stationed.  The  army  of  the  Caucasus  was  also  to  be  largely  reinforced.  A  Stockholm  paper  announces  the  arrival  of  a  Rus Russian  sian Russian  squadron  at  Helsingfors,  a  seaport  in  Fin Finland  land Finland  On  Tuesday  evening  the  Turkish  embassy  in  Paris  received  a  telegraphic  despatch  from  the  Turkish  ambassador  at  Vienna,  to  the  following  effect  :—On  the  3d  inst.  the  Turks  forced  the  passage  of  the  Danube,  opposite  to  the  Oltenitza.  After  a  prolonged  cannonading,  the  Turkish  gene general,  ral, general,  with  a  division  of  his  army  of  12,000  men,  sue  ceeded  in  occupying  the  opposite  bank:  The  Turks  charged  the  enemy  at  the  point  of  the  bayo  net,  and  drove  back  the  Russians.  They  occupied  Oltenitza,  where  they  fortified  themselves  hastily.  The  despatch  adds  that  the  Russians  have  lost  400  men,  among  whom  there  are  some  officers.  Respecting  this  despatch  the  Chronicle  corres correspondent  pondent correspondent  I  have  received  fresh  information  from  the  seat  of  war,  which  confirms  the  news  con contained  tained contained  in  the  despatch  of  the  Turkish  The  Patrie,  in  remarking  on  the  despatch  which  it  publishes,  alluded  to  in  our  paper  yesterday,  says,  This  fact  has  an  important  bearing;  it  indicates  admirable  decision  on  the  part  of  the  Turks.  The  first  shock  has  been  terrible  on  both  sides.  It  is  positively  stated  that  the  plan  of  Omer  Pacha,  in  passing  the  Danube  on  several  points  at  once,  was  to  divide  the  attention  of  the  Russian  army,  and  afterwards  to  concentrate  his  forces  on  one  point.  The  fact  of  a  double  engagement  in  Asia  appears  to  be  confirmed.  It  is  said  to  have  been  equally  favourable  to  the  Turks,  but  we  are  not  in  possession  of  sufficient  Another  despatch  from  Vienna  gives  additional  details  of  the  position  of  the  belligerent  forces  previous  to  the  battle.  Large  bodies  of  Turkish  troops  were  concentrated  around  Widdin.  A  bridge  and  tete-de-pont  had  been  constructed  at  Kalafat,  which  served  as  the  basis  of  the  operations  of  the  Turkish  army  The  Russian  corps  of  Dannenbdrg  opposed  to  the  Turks  at  this  point  numbered  from  30,000,  to  40,000  men,  and  was  spread  en  echelon  between  Krajoua  and  Slatina.  TIIP.  V  IA7IIIA  .  P  rOQCO  C+4l+43C  , STYLE=superscript  +bn÷  41,n  rawse  ih  formed  the  Vladika  of  his  wish  to  have  the  support  of  the  Montenegrins.  The  war  against  the  Turks  was  a  sacred  and  patriotic  war,  and  it  was-the  duty  of  the  Montenegrins  to  take  part  in  it.  The  Constitutionnel  states  that  it  has  received  letters  from  Vienna  of  the  Gth  instant,  which  bring  accounts  from  Constantinople  of  the  27th  October.  These  - STYLE=superscript  letters  state  that  on  the  27th  a  courier  had  arrived  at  Constantinople,  from  Omer  Paella's  head  quarters  at  Schumla,  with  the  news  that  hos hostilities  tilities hostilities  had  commenced  before  the  counter  order  of  the  Porte  had  reached  the  general.  The  only  thing  that  had  occurred  was  an  engagement  with  the  Russian  outposts,  in  which  some  men  had  been  killed  and  made  prisoners  on  both  sides.  The  Ministers  of  the  Porte  themselves  had  no  circum circumstantial  stantial circumstantial  details,  but  the  following  explanation  is  given  of  the  collision  body  of  Cossacks,  some  hundred  men  strong,  had  advanced  on  the  bank  of  the  Danube,  and  appeared  to  threaten  the  Egyp Egyptians  tians Egyptians  encamped  on  the  opposite  bank.  The  latter  consequently  seized  upon  some  boats  which  were  within  their  reach,  and  rowed  across  the  Danube  The  Cossacks,  who  were  waiting  for  them,  were  not  able  to  prevent  them  from  disembarking,  and  the  engagement  took  Nothing  was  kn  ow  n  at  Constantinople  on  the  27th  of  the  affair  of  Isatchka.  PROBABLE  _TERIIIINATIOIV  OF  THE  WIGAN  STRIKES  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  WIGAN,  THURSDAY  NIGHT  There  is  at  length  some  prospect  of  a  termination  of  the  colliers'  strike  at  Wigan.  We  believe  that  yesterday  the  colliers  employed  by  the  Earl  of  Crawford  and  Balcarres,  seceded  from  the  general  body  on  strike;  and  this  morning,  upwards  of  500  colliers,  and  more  than  that  number  of  drawers,  returned  to  work  at  his  lordship's  pits  at  the  prices  upon  which  they  came  out.  It  is  said  that  the  rest  of  the  men  employed  at  Haigh  colliery  will  resume  work  to-morrow,  (Friday),  and  when  they  go  in  there  will  be  upwards  of  1500  men  and  boys  again  engaged  at  Haigh.  Within  the  last  day  or  two,  about  fifty  colliers  and  drawers  have  re recommenced  commenced recommenced  work  at  the  cannel  pits,  and  the  Kirkless-hall  coal  and  cannel  company  (John  Lancaster  and  Co.),  Ince,  near  Wigan  ;  and  several  of  the  men  employed  at  the  coal coalpits  pits coalpits  belonging  to  that  firm  have  also  made  application  to  be  allowed  to  resume  work  ;  but  they  were  informed  that  they  could  not,  until  there  was  a  snfficieut  number  to  make  it  worth  the  while  of  the  engines  being  started.  Yesterday,  Mr.•  James  Darlington,  manager  of  the  Ince  Hall  coal  and  cannel  works,  was  waited  upon  by  a  few  of  the  men  employed  by  that  firm,  and  professed  their  desire  to  re-commence  work  at  the  old  prices.  They  were  consequently  allowed  to  go  down  the  pits.  We  may  add  that  there  are  symptoms  of  the  whole  of  the  colliers  still  on  strike,  returning  to  work  in  a  few  days.  It  is  not  pos positively  itively positively  known  whether  the  fortnightly  meeting  of  coal  proprietors  and  their  representatives  will  be  held  to-morrow,  at  the  Royal  Hotel,  according  to  adjournment,  owing  to  the  fearful  outbreak  which  ensued  upon  the  termination  of  the  last  meeting.  At  a  meeting  of  ministers  and  tradesmen,  held  by  adjourn adjournment,  ment, adjournment,  at  Grant's  Hotel,  Wigan,  yesterday  mormng,  a  Committee  presented  an  address  to  the  factory  operatives,  which  they  had  drawn  up  at  the  request  of  a  previous  meeting.  The  address,  which  was  to  the  effect  that,  the  Committee  had  waited  upon  the  masters,  and  that  they  were  determined  not  to  give  the  advance  ;  and  telling  the  oper operatives  atives operatives  that,  to  prolong  the  struggle,  would  be  useless,  was  ordered  to  be  printed,  and  extensively  circulated  throughout  the  town.  All  the  mills  still  remain  closed,  with  one  exception,  that  of  Mr.  James  Gidlow  Ince.  On  Monday,  the  hands  ex expressed  pressed expressed  their  desire  to  return  to  work  at  the  prices  paid  previous  to  the  strike,  and  the  mill  was  got  ready  for  them  as  soon  as  possible,  but  it  was  not  until  this  morning  that  they  could  all  enter  upon  their  employment.  The  Duchess  d'Alba,  sister  of  the  Empress  of  the  French,  has  bean  delivered  of  a  daughter,  to  whom  her  godfather  and  uncle,  the  Emperor,  has  given  the  name  of  Louise.  SHORT  TIME.-At  Ashton  Stalybridge,  and  Hyde,  a  pro proposition  position proposition  has  been  brought  before  the  Masters,  Union  for  reducing  the  hours  of  labour  in  their  mills  to  four  days  per  week,  in  consequence  of  the  heavy  stocks  of  some  classes  of  goods  produced  there,  and  the  present  depressed  state  of  the  market.  The  question  will  be  taken  into  consideration  forthwith.  Dr.  Portz,  the  head  librarian  of  the  Royal  Library  at  Berlin,  has  returned  from  his  tour  in  England,  undertaken  for  the  purpose  of  examining  if  the  principal  libraries  con contained  tained contained  any  materials  that  might  assist  him  in  the  further  prosecution  of  his  great  work,  Monumenta  Germania  His Historica.  torica. Historica.  The  most  valuable  result  of  Dr.  Pertz,  inquiries  in  England  consists  ,  we  understand,  in  his  having  obtain  e  d  a  transcript  of  the  Chronicon  Placentinum,  which  is  of  great  importance  for  the  times  of  the  Emperors  Frederick  I  and  11.,  and  the  original  of  which  is  in  the  British  Museum.  I  R  E  - STYLE=superscript  L  AND  (PROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  THURSDAY  EVENIN  THE  TENANT  LEAGUE.  A  public  meeting  of  the  Tenant  League  was  lick  last  evening,  in  the  Lecture  Hall  of  the  Mechanics  Institute,  Mr.  PATRICK  FOTTRELL  in  the  chair  Mr.  J.  M.  Cantwell  moved  the  following  tion.  wl  '  R.C.O  and  passed  r.  %au  Resolved  -Z-Every  day's  experience  in  the  public  or  this  country  confirms  that  wisdom  and  deepens  those.  convictions  in  which  the  Great  Tenant  League  Conference  of  1851  originated—the  policy  of  creating  and  sustaining  in  the  House  of  Commons  an  independent  opposition  Irish  party.  We  therefore  urge  upon  the  various  constituencies  of  Ireland  to  hold  fast  by  that  policy,  as  supplying  the  only  sure  means  of  morally  and  physically  regenerating  the  coun country.  try. country.  Acted  upon  in  every  county  and  borough  where  the  potency  of  popular  power  can  be  exercised  in  useful  and  commanding  influence,  it  furnishes  a  firm  guarantee  against  the  vassalage  of  the  nglish  Minister,  and  the  venality  of  the  British  Mr.  J,  M.  Laughnan  moved  the  next  r  Resolved—Thai'we  earnestly  call  upon  the  independent  electors  of  Clonmel  to  give  their  support  to  no  candidate  not  pledged  to  the  principles  of  Tenant  Right  and  inde-  Id  Dr.  „..ue  to  urge  pendent  opposition  ;and  that  Messrs.  Moore,  Lucas.  Gray,  be  appointed  a  deputation  from  the  Lei  personally  upon  the  electors  the  importance  necessarily  of  king  this  -  The  Rev.  Mr.  Langan,  R.C.C.,  seconded  the  rno-  Mr.  Lucas,  M.P.,  and  Dr.  Gray,  then  addressed  the  meeting,  and  expressed  their  willing_  assist  in  carrying  out  the  objects  of  the  resolution  The  motion  was  then  A  )assed  aess  to  _  vote  of  thanks  was  then  passed  to  the  chair  man,  after  which  the  meeting  separated.  THE  FATAL  ACCIDENT  AT  GrRANAGH.-011  Tuesday  the  body  of  Cummins,  the  driver  of  the  vehicl  swallowed  up  in  the  flood  at  Granagh-bridg,  week,  and  on  which  occasion  Mr.  Taylor  was  drowned,  was  found,  owing  to  the  receding  or  me  waters,  a  short  distance  from  the  scene  of  the  accident,  There  is,  we  understand,  the  mark  as  of  a  kick  from  a  horse's  hoof  on  the  head.  THE  VACANT  BISHOPRIC  3  last  —The  Mail  of  last  night  states  that  the  See  of  Derry  has  been  conferred  on  the  Rev.  Henry  Griffin,  a  fellow  of  Trinity  College.  The  appointment  is  little  talked  about,  as  the  clergyman  selected  is  one  about  whom  very  little  is  known.  THE  VICEREGAL  PARTY.—The  Lord  Lieutenant,  the  Countess  of  St.  Germans,  and  suit,  will  depart  to-morrow  for  Kilkenny,  on  a  few  day  visit  to  Woodstock,  the  seat  Of  the  Right  lion.  W.  Tighe  THE  CHOLERA  IN  DIIBLIN.—The  Freeman  of  to-day  has  the  following  The  following  will  be  found  to  be  an  accurate  statement  of  the  facts  connected  with  the  appearance  of  cholera  in  our  city.  It  ap-  pears  the  adults  who  fell  victims  to  the  disease  were  out  of  employment,  and,  probably,  the  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  of  their  non-employment,  being  had  a  no  less  disposing  influence  on  their  minds  than  the  consequent  privations  on  their  bodies:  Added  to  this  was  the  drinking  whiskey  of  a  deleterious  character,  and  the  loss  of  rest.  We  subjoin  the  note  of  the  cases  which  has  reached  us  In  Grangegorman-lane,  a  child  died  of  cholera  on  Friday,  the  4th  instant.  There  was  a  wake  on  Saturday  night,  at  which  cheap  whiskey  was  circulated.  This  was  followed  on  Sunday  by  another  case  of  cholera,  an  adult  member  Of  the  same  family  having  been  then  attacked,  and  this  terminated  in  death  after  ten  hours.  Other  mem members  bers members  of  the  family  were  attacked  successively,  and  of  six  cases  in  all,  five  have  terminated  fatally.  The  adult  persons  drinking  were  out  of  employment  on  REPRESENTATION  OF  CLONMEL.  candidates  spoken  of  for  this  borough,  are  .  John  Reynolds,  late  M.P.  for  Dublin  ;  Mr.  W.  H  Gregory,  the  defeated  of  Dungarvan;  Mr.  John  M.  Cantwell,  nephew  of  the  Roman  Catholic  Bishop  of  Meath;  Colonel  Shiel,  brother  of  the  late  R.  L.  Sheil;  and  the  Hon.  Hely  Hutchinson  brother  of  Lord  Donoghmore.  THE  CHOLERA  SHIP  AT  BELFASI.  _  tional  deaths  had  taken  place  up  to  the  last  at  counts.  THE  FLOOD  IN  C  'he  Southern  Reporter  mongst  TWO  addi  !ORK.-1  pointed  at  the  Public  Meeting  on  Friday  last,  to  relieve  the  distress  of  those  who  suffered  by  the  late  inundation,  are  most  persevering  and  success-  ful  ;  and  the  arrangements  are  such  as  to  insure  the  administration  of  the  most  effectual  assistance.  The  entire  flat  of  the  city  has  been  divided  into  districts,  each  district  being  placed  under  the  su supervision  pervision supervision  of  two  of  the  committee,  and  a  police  constable,  who  go  round  their  respective  districts,  and  personally  see  the  applicants  for  relief.  By  this  means  the  strictest  economy  is  secured,  while  those  most  in  want  of  assistance  are  sure  to  bo  re relieved.  lieved. relieved.  Since  Thursday  last  the  committee  has  distributed  2,600  61b.  of  bread  ;  2,900  pecks  of  coals  ;  1,250  beds  and  quilts;  2,200  281  b,  bundles  of  straw;  and  800  bushels  of  ROYAL  BANK  OF  IRELAND.—At  the  Half-yearly  Meeting  of  this  Company  yesterday,  a  dividend  at  the  rate  of  6  per  cent.  per  annum  was  declared.  THE  PREMIER  AND  LORD  JOHN  RUSSELL.—It  is  stated  that  on  Wednesday  evening  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen  and  Lord  John  Russell  were  loudly  cheered  as  they  passed  through  Guildhall  on  their  arrival,  for  the  banquet,  previously  to  their  presentation  to  the  Lord  Mayor  and  Mr.  Sheriff  Wire  in  the  reception  room.  THE  CONTINENTAL  AND  FOREIGN  MAILS.—The  royal  mail  steam-ship  Tay  took  her  departure  from  Southampton  on  Wednesday  afternoon,  with  the  usual  monthly  contract  mails  for  Lisbon,  Madeira,  Teneriffe,  St.  Vincent's  (Cape  Verd),  Pernambuco,  Bahia,  Rio  de  Janeiro,  Monte  Video,.  and  Buenos  Ayres,  in  charge  of  Lieutenant  Newenham,  R.N.,  Admiralty  agent.  The  Tay  takes  out  55  passengers,  specie  value  £3,322.  and  a  very  full  cargo  of  British  and  French  merchandise,  with  a  great  quantity  of  Rotterdam  cheese.  The  United  States'  mail  steam-ship  Washington,  Captain  E.  M.  Fitch,  also  sailed  at  3  p.m.  for  New  York,  with  the  British,  German,  and  French  mails,  nearly  200  passengers,  and  an  immense  and  very  valuable  cargo  of  merchandise,  shipped  principally  from  Bremen  and  Havre.  BILL  OF  FARE  AT  THE  LORD  MAYOR'S  BANQUET.—The  following  is  the  bill  of  fare  at  the  Lord  Mayor's  banquet  on  Wednesday  evening  :-250  tureens  of  real  turtle,  containing  five  pints  each;  200  bottles  of  sherbet,  6  dishes  of  fish,  30  entrees,  4  boiled  turkeys  and  oysters,  60  roast  pullets,  60  dishes  of  fowls,  46  ditto  of  capons,  6  ditto  of  Captain  White's  Selim's  true  India  curries,  50  French  pies,  60  pigeon  pies,  53  hams,  ornamented,  43  tongues,  2  quarters  of  house  lamb,  2  barons  of  beef,  three  rounds  of  beef,  2  stewed  rumps  of  beef,  13  sirloins,  rumps,  and  ribs  of  beef,  6  dishes  of  aspa asparagus,  ragus, asparagus,  60  ditto  of  mashed  and  other  otatoes,  44  ditto  of  shell  fish,  4  ditto  of  prawns,  140  jellies,  50  blancmanges,  40  dishes  of  tarts,  creamed,  40  dishes  of  almond  pastry,  30  ditto  of  orange  and  other  tourtes,  20  Chantilly  baskets,  60  dishes  of  mince  pies,  56  salads.  The  Removes  :  80  roast  turkeys,  6  leverets,  80  pheasants,  24  geese,  40  dishes  of  par partridges,  tridges, partridges,  15  dishes  of  wild  fowl,  two  pea  fowls.  Dessert  :  100  pine  apples,  from  21b.  to  31b.  each,  200  dishes  of  hot hothouse  house hothouse  grapes,  250  ice  creams,  50  dishes  of  apples,  100  ditto  of  pears,  ornamented  Savoy  cakes,  75  plates  of  walnuts,  90  ditto  of  dried  fruits  and  preserves,  50  ditto  of  preserved  ginger,  60  ditto  of  rout  cakes  and  chips,  46  ditto  of  brandy  cherries.  FRIGHTFUL  ACCIDENTS  AT  THE  LORD  MAYOR'S  SHOW.—  On  Wednesday  afternoon  about  3  o'clock,  a  frightful  accident  happened  to  a  man  named  John  Bright,  and  his  child,  a  little  girl,  at  the  New  Coal  Exchange,  opposite  Billingsgate  market.  After  the  Lord  Mayor's  show  had  gone  through  the  ward  and  embarked  on  board  the  city  barges  from  the  market,  numbers  of  the  public  were  allowed  to  go  over  the  Exchange,  and  inspect  the  paintings  which  adorn  the  galleries.  The  unfortunate  man  and  his  child  were  among  the  many  who  were  admitted,  and  upon  reaching  the  upper uppermost  most uppermost  gallery  he  got  outside  upon  the  glazed  roof,  nearest  to  St.  Mary-at-Hill.  Curiosity  then  prompted  him,  it  is  thought,  to  attempt  to  reach  the  balustrade  at  the  side  of  the  building,  for  the  purpose  of  viewing  the  bustle  and  excite excitement  ment excitement  in  the  street  below.  Leadinc  , STYLE=superscript  his  child,  he  was  in  the  act  of  walking  over  a  l  ong  s  l  a  b  of  glass,  more  than  half  an  inch  thick,  when  it  broke  away  from  under  him  ;  he  dropped  through,  dragging  his  little  girl  after  him,  and  fell  with  a  fearful  crash  upon  the  ornamental  pavement  beneath,  a  depth  of  more  than  70  feet.  The  Exchange  being  full  of  visitors  at  the  time  the  greatest  alarm  arose,  and  a  rush  was  made  for  the  doors,  a  belief  being  entertained  at  the  moment  that  the  whole  splendid  glass  dome  in  the  building  was  falling.  Con Considering  sidering Considering  the  terror  that  prevailed,  it  was  providential  no  further  catastrophe  took  place.  The  child  was  found  to  have  escaped  death,.although  her  thigh  was  fractured  and  she  was  otherwise  much  bruised  about  the  body.  The  man,  however,  was  most  frightfully  mutilated,  his  skull  was  shattered,  Thomas  e STYLE=superscript  w STYLE=superscript  H  a STYLE=superscript  Os  p  g STYLE=superscript  i  u STYLE=superscript  t  t STYLE=superscript  l  e STYLE=superscript  ,  where,  the  surgeon  reduced  the  fracture,  and  there  i  s  every  hattere4,  h  an  dead.  i  ec  d  hil  most  was  of  his  conveyed  litlis  tos  were  t.  b  T  ro  h  k  o  e  chance  of  her  recovering.  Another  accident  occurred  during  the  day,  which  it  is  feared  will  be  attended  with  deplorable  consequences.  While  the  procession  was  passing  the  open  space  between  the  Mansion-house,  and  the  Globe  Insurance  office,  a  stand  which  was  erected  by  some  costermonger,  broke  down,  while  crowded  with  people,  and  one  of  them,  a  gentlemanly-dressed  man,  sustained  a  double  compound  frac fracture  ture fracture  of  the  leg,  besides  other  injuries.  He  was  removed  to  St.  Thomas's  Hospital,  where  he  lies  in  a  sad  way,"
