text
"LIVERPOOL  PILOT  COMMISSIONERS  AND  THE  . STYLE=superscript  CO  ASTING  STEAMERS.  Yesterday,  at  twelve  o'clock,  a  Meeting  of  the  Pilot  Com Commissioners  missioners Commissioners  of  this  port,  was  held  in  the  Council  Chamber,  Town  , STYLE=superscript  liall.  The  Mayor  occupied  the  chair.  The  following  commissioners  were  present  :—Messrs.  James  Bateson,  John  Bigham,  William  Nicholson,  William  Gibson,  Joseph  Cornish,  William  Brice,  William  Mann,  John  Worrell,  John  Woodruff,  T.  L.  Hodson,  Thomas  Wagstaff  William  Potter,  James  Parker,  E.  D.  Falkner,  and  J.  N.  Wood.  The  meeting  was  called  to  consider  the  claims  of  owners  of  coasting  steamers  to  an  abatement  in  the  rate  of  pilotage;  and  also  the  recommendation  of  the  pilot  committee  thereon,  for  the  reduction  of  the  same  to  such  an  amount  as  would  not  leave  a  greater  charge  on  that  class  of  vessels  than  what  was  due  from  it  towards  the  pilot  establish establishment,  ment, establishment,  which  was  maintained  for  the  general  benefit  of  the  port,  and  to  which  the  owners  of  coasting  steamers  have,  and  •  demand  a  right  to  share,  especially  in  eases  of  emergency  arising  in  the  channels,  and  entrances  to  the  •  ports  '  and  fix  the  rates  of  pilotage  on  coasting  steamers  ;  also  to  elect  commissioners  to  supply  vacancies,  and  likewise  to  appoint  a  member  of  the  pilot  committee.  MR.  JOHN  NELSON  WOOD  said,  the  pilot  committee  had  called  this  meeting  of  the  commissioners,  in  the  first  place  to  fill  up  the  vacancies,  cauE3d  by  the  deaths  of  others,  and  also  to  fill  up  a  vacancy  in  the  committee.  But  the  principal  object,  and  one  of  the  greatest  importance,  was  that,  of  regulating  the  rates  of  pilotage  on  coasting  steamers  to  this  port,  They  were  aware  a  pilot's  bill  had  recently  passed,  containing  a  clause  which  the  committee  thought  proper  to  oppose,  as  being  highly  injurious  in  its  effect  on  the  pilot  establishment,  and  also  detrimental  to  the  mercan mercantile  tile mercantile  interests  of  the  port.  •At  the  same  time  to  meet  the  views  of  the  only  complaining  party  against  the  rates  of  pilotage  on  the  owners  of  coasting  steamers,  the  committee  had  now  to  submit  to  the  commissioners  present,  what  that  reduction  should  be,  and  he  hoped  the  commissioners  would  consider  the  same  and  adopt  it  if  they  thought  proper.  In  his  opinion,  and  in  the  opinion  of  the  committee,  this  reduction  ought  surely  to  satisfy  the  coast coasting  ing coasting  trade.  The  reduction  they  proposed  to  make  would  be  a  serious  loss  to  the  pilot  establishment,  and  in  his  (Mr.  Wood's)  opinion,  the  pilots  of  Liverpool  were  net  over  well  paid  at  present,  and  he  should  like  to  see  them  better  paid.  for  it  was  a  notorious  fact,  that  of  the  three  great  ports  in  the  world,  the  pilotage  of  Liverpool  was  only  one-third  of.  that  charged  at  New  York  and  London,  whilst  the  dangers  from  shifthig  sands  and  banks  were  greater  and  cOntbrus4  in  Liverpool.  He  should  therefore  propose  for  the  adop adoption  tion adoption  of  the  commissioners,  that,  with  the  consent  of  Her  Majesty  in  council,  the  following  regulations  be  made  with  respect  to  the  rates  of  pilotage  on  coasting  steamers  that  is  to  say,  that  coasting  steamers,  outward  bound,  proceeding  to  sea  without  a  pilot,  be  altogether  exempt  from  the  pay payment  ment payment  of  pilotage,  and  that  the  rate  of  pilotage  for  coasting  steamers  inward  bound,  be  reduced  from  four  shillings,  to  one  shilling  per  foot,  where  the  services  of  a  branch  pilot  are  not  required  on  board  the  steamer.  And  that  this  regulation  take  effect  at  the  expiration  of  one  calendar  month,  from  the  consent  of  Her  Majesty  in  council  being  obtained  to  this  Mr.  W.  MANN  seconded  the  motion.  He  said  the  proprietors  of  coasting  steamers  had  been  for  some  time  wishful  for  some  alteration  to  be  made  in  the  rates,  and  the  - STYLE=superscript  Pilot  Committee  had  not  been  unwilling  to  listen  to  such  wishes  on  their  part  ;  but  until  this  present  act  of  parlia parliament  ment parliament  was  passed,  in  the  last  month,  the  Pilot  Committee  was  precluded  from  making  any  reduction  or  alteration.  They  had  not  the  power  to  do  it,  but  now  that  this  act  had  passed,  the  Pilot  Committee  had  taken  this  matter  into  its  conside consideration,  ration, consideration,  and  proposed  to  the  commissioners  the  alteration  ex expressed  pressed expressed  in  the  resolution.  The  owners  of  coasting  steamers  some  of  them,  with  a  sort  of  pilots  of  their  own  on  board,  but  none  of  them  felt  entirely  independent  of  the  pilot  establish establishment.  ment. establishment.  On  the  contrary,  it  was  very  frequently  the  case  that  they  obtained  the  services  of  branch  pilots  during  the  win winter  ter winter  months,  and  then  did  without  them  during  the  summer  months.  Some,  on  the  other  hand,  in  fine  weather  made  their  way  without  a  pilot,  but  when  bad  weather  occurred  then  they  hoisted  their.  ack  for  them.  Now,  the  Pilot  Committee  hadmet  their  requirements  liberally.  The  resolution  claims  no  pilotage  on  steam  coasting  vessels  going  outwards  without  a  pilot,  neither  did  it  force  them  to  take  one,  but  when  they  asked  for  a  pilot  they  were  to  pay  the  present  rates,  and  he  (Mr.  Mann)  believed  the  owners  did  not  object  to  this.  The  charge  to  13  made  was  ls.  per  foot  inwards.  and  that  was  considered  as  some  remuneration,  and  some  con consideration  sideration consideration  towards  the  maintenance  of  the  establishment.  So  that  those  coasting  steamers  might,  when  they  required  it,  obtain  the  services  of  a  pilot,  because  if  every  vessel  could  go  out  and  come  into  this  port  in  fine  weather,  without  a  pilot,  they  would  be  unable  to  maintain  the  establishment  for  the  supply  of  pilots  in  bad  weather.  The  amount  was  so  small,  one  shilling  per  foot  inwards,  he  believed,  so  far  as  as  he  could  hear,  it  would  meet  with  the  concurrence  of  the  proprietors  of  the  coasting  steamers.  The  MAYOR  :  This  resolution  would  render  it  imperative  on  all  coasting  steamers  inwards  to  pay  ls.  per  foot.  Mr.  Porrnit  :  All  vessels  without  retaining  a  pilot,  and  not  those  coming  in  using  a  pilot.  Mr.  BIGHAM  :  What  will  be  the  loss  to  the  pilot  establish establishment  ment establishment  if  this  arrangement  is  carried  out  ?  Mr.  ROWLANDS  :  It  is  a  difficult  matter  might  possibly  amount  in  the  aF  F  ...e..4.  eoxr  The  MA04034.:  Per  annum  ?  Mr.  RowLssins  :  Per  annum.  A  very  serious  item  in  ti  earnings  of  the  pilots,  and  so  important  to  the  -  interests  of  this  great  port.  Mr.  Ro  w.syr  :  It  is  a  very  serious  item  of  reduction,  is  the  matter  of  £l,OOO.  The  resolution  was  tl  carried  unanimously  maritime  BATESON  then  moved,  and  Mr.  Wrweat  seconded,  that  the  Pilots'  Committee  take  the  ne necessary  cessary necessary  steps  for  obtaining  the  consent  of  her_Majesty  in  .  Mr.  JAM'  Gn3sox  Council  to  the  new  arrangement.  Carried  unanimously.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  J.  N.  WOOD,  Mr.  George  Ken Kendall  dall Kendall  was  elected  a  Commissioner  in  the  room  of  Mr.  William  Dawson,  deceased,  and  Mr.  Joseph  Mondell,  in  the  room  of  Mr.  Henry  A.  Stewart.  _  _  _  _  on  the  Motion  of  Mr.  Porn.;  Mr.  MONDELL  was  elected  a  member  of  the  pilots'  committee,  in  the  room  of  Mr.  George  Kendall,  deceased.  The  thanks  of  the  meeting  were  then  voted  to  the  Mayor.  His  worship  in  returning  thanks  remarked  that  the  pilots  of  Liverpool,  had  always  attended  well  to  their  duty,  and  he  trusted  the  reduction  which  was  about  being  made,  would  be  an  inducement  to  the  owners  and  captains  of  steamers  to  find  them  constant  em employment,  ployment, employment,  being  assured,  that  one  would  always  feel  more  secure  on  board  a  vessel  with  a  pilot,  than  without  one.—  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  MEETING  OF  THE  LIVERPOOL  AUXILIARY  OF  THE  LONDON  MISSIONARY  SOCIETY.  —Last  night,  the  annual  meeting  .  of  the  above  Society  was  held  at  Dr.  Raffles's  chapel,  in  Great  George's  Street.  Mr.  James  CRosFIELD  was  called  to  the  chair.  Dr.  RAFFLES  opened  the  meeting  with  prayer,  after  which  the  CHAIRMAN  then  alluded  to  this  being  the  30th  anniversary  of  the  Auxiliary  Society,  and  to  the  fact  that  little  more  than  fifty  years  had  elapsed-since  the  initiation  of  Protestant  Christians  Missions.  He  spoke  of  the  immense  fields  now  being  opened  in  the  vast  plains  of  India,  and  especially  in  China.  Dr.  RAFFLES  then  read  the  cash  account  of  the  Auxiliary  Society.  The  amount  of  its  subscriptions  for  the  Parent  Society  during  the  last  year  amounted  in  all  £758  Bs.  Bd.  The  Rev.  THoistes  of  Trowbridge  z  moved  the  first  resolution  to  this  effect,  that  the  meeting  give  the  glory  of  all  the  success  of  missions  to  God.  He  remarked  that  since  the  commencement  of  Pro Protestant  testant Protestant  missions  uniform  success  has  attended  the  cause,  and  that  all  suffering  should  be  lost  to  view  in  the  abundance  of  the  success.  Everything  now  encouraged  and  stimulated  forward;  fifty  years  ago,  only  here  and  there  could  be  found  a  servant  advocating  Christ,  now  they  were  an  army  of  10,000  men,  2,000  of  those  men  were  of  our  own  colour,  and  speaking  our  own  language.  The  remaining  8,000  pos possessed  sessed possessed  a  greater  interest,  they  were  men  converted  from  heathenism,  many  of  them  were  pioneers  to  our  own  country countrymen,  men, countrymen,  in  the  South  Sea  islands,  in  other  instances  they  succeed  them  taking  up  the  cause,  and  carrying  it  on  after  them.  The  other  great  means  in  missionary  hands,  were  the  tran translation  slation translation  of  the  bible,  and  the  establishment  of  schools  ;  by  all  these  means  the  word  of  God  had  been  revealed  to  600,000  of  the  human  race  ;  when  Dr.  Morrison,  said  the  speaker,  a  simple  and  earnest  youth  stood  on  the  quay  at  Liverpool,  about  to  embark  for  China,  a  merchant  said  t  o  hi  m  ,  w  ith  a  look  of  scorn,  you  think  you  can  convert  the  manda 'mandarins.'  He  replied  I  don's  think  I  can,  but  I  know  God  Now  look  at  the  result  of  that  man's  labour,  it  pro produced  duced produced  what  was  now  called  a  rebellion  ;  but  which  will  'be  called  a  glorious  revolution  by  and  bye.  He  next  alluded  to  Madagascar.  which  he  called  the  most  interesting  field  of  christian  missions  ;  14  years  ago  the  missionaries  were  cast  out  from  thence,  leaving  behind  them  200  disciples,  but  now,  in  that  island  there  were  800  professed  sincere  christians,  Rev.  JOSHUA.  HARRISON,  of  London,  in  seconding  the  motion,  spoke  upon  the  spread  of  the  gospel,  and  described  it  as  the  true  panacea  for  all  the  ills  of  the  human  family.  The  Rev.  Mr.  GILL,  a  missionary  from  Western  Poly Polynesia,  nesia, Polynesia,  moved  the  second  resolution  which  recorded  the  hand  of  God  in  the  success  of  the  South  Sea  missions.  Mr.  Gill  observed  that  he  left  this  country  fifteen  years  ago,  and  was  scarcely  adapted  to  address  such  a  meeting,  and  he  might  say  he  had  the  honour  of  being  surrounded  by  natives,  speaking  exclusively  the  native  language,  his  own  language  had  not  been  thus  improved.  He  had  been  in  this  country  about  three  months.  He  did  not  know  what  the  London  Missionary  Association  meant  to  do  with  retired  missionaries  ;  but  during  that  period  he  attended  66  services.  Mr.  Gill  then  gave  a  most  interesting  and  detailed  account  of  Western  Polynasia,  which  excited  the  greatest  interest  in  the  meeting.  He  contrasted  forcibly  the  frightful  state  of  demoralized  slavery  in  which  the  people  were  plunged  at  the  commencement  of  the  mission,  and  their  present  state  of  comparative  civilization.  He  also  introduced  to  the  meeting  a  most  interesting  converted  youth,  and  excited  much  hilarity  amongst  the  ladies  by  describing  with  much  humour  the  predilection  of  the  Polynesian  ladies  for  modern  European  and  American  fashions,  and  their  admiration  at  the  great  variety  of  shapes  in  the  article  of  bonnets  particularly.  Mr.  Gill  concluded  by  a  very  impressive  appeal  to  the  people  of  Liverpool,  to  give  from  their  wealth  to  the  Missionary  cause,  which  has  been  nowhere  more  signally  successful  than  in  the  interesting  Archipelago  from  which  he  has  lately  returned.  The  reso resolution  lution resolution  being  seconded,  a  number  of  other  gentlemen  addressed  the  Meeting.  The  resolutions  were  carried.  P2_TB00099 THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
