text
"OUTPORTS.  Queenstown  ,  Jan.  24.—Arrived—Heetor,  S  yra—Gecrgi  na,  —Spray.  Paraiba—Olive,  Ca  , STYLE=superscript  lao—Bre‘,  er,:New  York.  Greenock,  Jan.  24.—Arrived—Margaret  Smith.  Trinidad.  S  a  il  e  d,  Jan.  23.  Gw  d  lio,  Malta—Archibald  M'Millan.  Demerara.  Trieste  HEALTH  COMMITTEE.-YESTERDAY  -..,,--_  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  committee  was  held  at  half  past  two  o'clock  yesterday,  in  the  Council  Chamber,  Town  hall,  Mr.  Lacgsdale  i❑  the  chair.  Other  members  present—Messrs.  Beckwith,  Godfrey,  Robertson  Gladstone,  M‘Guffie,  Dover,  Hodson,  Haydock,  Tinne,  J.  Holme,  Halhead,  Johnson,  Sheil,  Crosthwaite,  and  Fleming.  HEALTH  OF  THE  TOWN,  The  medical  officer  of  health  reported  an  increase  of  mortality  for  the  week  ending  on  Saturday  the  19th,  as  a  consequence  of  the  cold  weather,  which  prevailed  from  the  9th  to  the  16th  inst.  The  deaths  from  all  causes,  which  in  the  previous  week  were  228,  rose  last  week  to  252,  the  corrected  average  of  the  same  week  of  former  years  being  24  less  than  the  mortality  of  last  week.  The  deaths  recorded  in  the  parish  were  167,  and  the  out-townships  S  5.  The  whole  increase  of  mortality  is  accounted  for  by  the  increased  number  of  deaths  from  diseases  of  the  lungs,  which  were  98,  against  66  in  the  previous  week.  72  deaths  were  registered  from  zymotic  diseases,  the  same  number  ac  in  the  previous  week.  Of  these  24  were  from  scarlatina,  22  from  hooping hoopingcough,  cough, hoopingcough,  7  from  measles,  7  from  typhus.  An  adult  died  from  small-pox,  having  been  vaccinated  in  infancy.  During  the  quarter  ending  on  the  29th  December,  3,231  deaths  were  registered  in  the  borough,  including  157  on  which  inquests  had  been  held.  This  number  is  100  less  than  the  average  of  the  same  quarter  of  the  preceding  eight  years,  corrected  from  an  increase  of  population.  The  deaths  from  zymotic  diseases  during  the  quarter  were  1,093,  being  about  200  more  than  the  average,  owing  to  the  prevalence  of  scarlatina  throughout  the  entire  period.  The  deaths  from  that  disease  were  447  ;  from  measles,  153  ;  hooping-cough,  152  :  diarrbeea,  112  ;  typhus,  96  ;  croup,  43  ;  syphilis,  24  ;  and  small-pox,  15.  No  deaths  were  registered  from  cholera,  being  the  second  quarter  in  which  that  has  occurred  during  the  last  eight  years.  Diseases  of  the  lungs  caused  871  deaths,  being  285  more  than  in  the  preceding  quarter,  but  rather  below  the  average  of  the  corresponding  period  of  former  years.  The  borough  engineer,  building  surveyor,  and  inspector  of  nuisances,  reported  various  particulars  of  the  operations  in  their  several  departments  during  the  week,  from  which  it  appeared  that  74  nuisances  complained  of  by  inhabitants  bad  been  inspected,  and  means  taken  to  remedy  them.  748  houses  in  the  unhealthiest  districts,  containing  2,734  apart apartments,  ments, apartments,  and  408  cellars,  had  been.  put  under  examination.  with  the  view  of  improving  their  sanatory  condition,  and  57  lodging-houses  had  also  been  examined  and  reported  upon.  THE  SLAUGHTER-HOUSE  NUISANCE,  A  numerous  deputation  waited  on  the  committee  to  com complain  plain complain  of  the  nuisance  created  by  dr.  Clarke's  slaughter slaughterhouse  house slaughterhouse  in  Plumb-street.  The  slaughter-house  was  licensed  by  the  council  in  1852.  The  statements  of  the  deputation  were  very  strong  as  to  the  nuisance,  but,  on  the  other  hand,  it  was  equally  positively  denied  by  Mr.  Clarke,  who  was  in  attendance.  After  the  deputation  withdrew,  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone  said  that  in  this  case  a  license  had  been  granted  by  the  council,  and  that  therefore  any  remarks  on  it  should  apply  as  much  to  it  as  to  Mr.  Clarke.  But  he  thought  there  was  a  much  more  serious  question  at  stake,  which  was  that  of  the  entire  removal  of  every  slaughter-house  within  the  borough  to  some  spot  or  other  at  some  distance  from  the  town.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  ramifi ramifications  cations ramifications  in  the  consideration  of  the  subject,  bearing  on  the  social  comfort  of  the  people  were  most  numerous,  and  how  could  they  expect  that  the  poor  working  man  should  fail  to  go  to  the  public  house  when  his  own  house  abutted  on  a  slaughter-house.  (Hear,  hear  )  This  . STYLE=superscript  was  an  evil  which  he  contended  ought  to  have  been  dealt  with  long  ago,  and  he  was  not  yet  able  to  discover  how,  in  the  face  of  several  pro protests,  tests, protests,  so  far  as  he  could  gather,  the  corporation  or  the  health  committee  of  the  day,  ever  permitted  a  slaughter-house  to  be  built  in  such  a  situation.  As  regarded  Mr.  Clarke,  he  believed  him  to  be  a  very  respectable  man,  conducting  his  business  as  every  other  butcher  did,  and  that  the  fault  did  not  rest  with  him  but  with  the  public  authorities.  He  trusted  that  some  member  of  the  committee  would  bring  the  subject  prominently  before  the  council,  in  order  that  some  decision  might  be  come  to  in  it,  and  a  proper  site  provided  for  slaughter-houses.  (Hear,  bear.)  Mr.  Hodson  concurred  with  Mr.  Gladstone,  but  thought  that  if  the  subject  were  at  all  taken  up,  it  should  be  con considered  sidered considered  as  a  whole,  and  not  in  is  o  l  a  t  e  d  cases.  Mr.  Beckwith  said  that  he  had  been  against  the  license  being  granted  in  this  instance,  but  at  the  same  time  he  thought  it  right  to  state  that  until  the  present  time  no  complaint  was  made  Of  the  place.  Mr.  ilaydock  gave  notice  that  at  the  next  meeting  he  would  move  that  the  license  be  withdrawn.  Mr.  Tinne  moved  that  the  permission  granted  to  a  per person,  son, person,  to  use  a  portion  of  the  public  highway  in  Alfred-street,  for  the  construction  of  an  area,  ba  withdrawn,  on  the  ground  that  it  was  a  dangerous  p  r  ec  e  d  en  t,  and  that  the  like  privilege  had  been  refused  to  several  other  parties.  The  majority  of  the  committee  considered  that  in  this  instance  it  was  for  the  public  advantage  to  grant  the  permission,  and  accordingly  negatived  the  motion  on  a  division.  MR.  ALDERMAN  TODLMIN  AND  TYE  CO3IMITTEE---.  WHO  TOLD  THE  LIE  ?  Hr.  Beckwith  brought  under  the  notice  of  the  committee  the  letter  which  Mr.  Alderman  Toulmin  published  in  the  NORTHERN  TIMES,  and  other  local  papers,  denying  the  truth  of  the  statement  made  by  him  (Mr.  Beckwith:)  at  the  last  meeting.  He  declared  that  the  report,  as  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  in  the  papers  was  correct,  and  further  that  every  statement  in  it  in  reference  to  Mr.  Toulmin  was  literally  true.  He  was  prepared  to  prove  that  it  was  so,  and  he  did  think  that  the  town  clerk,  when  writing  the  letter  which  Mr.  Toulmin  published  in  connection  with  his  own,  might  have  stated  that  he  was  not  the  person  alluded  to  in  the  statement,  but  that  it  was  the  deputy  town  clerk,  Mr.  M'Gowan.  Mr.  Toulmin  imagined  that  he  would  ride  off  on  that  letter,  and  deceive  the  public  by  it  as  to  the  real  state  of  the  case,  hut  the  evidence  which  he  (Mr.  Beckwith)  would  produce  that  day  in  the  matter,  would  render  the  attempt  anything  but  successful.  At  the  same  time,  he  should  say  that  the  tone  of  Mr.  Toulmin,  in  speaking  of  the  deputy  clerk  and  the  treasurer,  reflected  discredit  on  him,  and  still  more,  the  letter  which  he  afterwards  sent  to  Mr.  Ashlin,  and  which  beginning,  as  no  letter  to  a  gentleman  ever  began,  offensively,  ended  with  these  words,  had  better  place  the  receipts  in  the  hands  of  the  party  holding  the  money,  or  make  whatever  use  you  like  of  them.—Thomas  He  (Mr.  Beckwith)  would  consider  himself  disgraced  if  he  were  to  address  any  of  their  servants  in  such  language—(hear,  hear)—and  he  knew  not  how  any  man  having  pretension  to  the  position  and  character  of  a  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  could  use  it.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  deputy  town  clerk,  Mr.  M'Gowan,  was  a  gentleman  by  profession  and  conduct,  and  as  no  man  could  more  satisfactorily  discharge  his  duties,  so  no  man  had  more  readily  pro progressed  gressed progressed  in  the  esteem  and  confidence  of  the  committee,  than  he  had.  (Hear,  hear.)  With  regard  to  Mr.  Ashlin  ,  he  did  not  think  he  need  say  a  word  as  to  his  posi7,ion.  His  long  and  faithful  services,  his  integrity,  and  his  upright  conduct  bad  been  such  that  they  had  justly  earned  for  him  the  esteem  and  respect  of  the  whole  community  of  Liver Livervol,  vol, Livervol,  and  established  his  right  to  be  considered  and  treated  as  a  gentleman.  (Hear,  hear.)  His  character  was  too  well  known  to  need  any  word  of  praise  from  him  (Mr.  Beck Beckwith),  with), Beckwith),  and  in  saying  that,  he  believed  he  expressed  the  sentiment  of  the  committee.  (Hear,  hear.)  All  the  officers  of  Cornwallis-street  were  in  attendance,  and  they  would  prove  the  correctness  of  his  statement  in  reference  to  Mr.  Toulmin.  Mr.  M'Gowan  said,  that  on  the  10th  of  January  sum summonses  monses summonses  were  issued  against  all  persons  who  had  entered  into  composition  for  rates  but  had  not  paid  it.  Several  persons  were  summoned,  and  among  them  was  Mr.  Alderman  Toulmin.  The  usual  evidence  was  submitted  on  oath  to  the  presiding  magistrate,  Mr.  Anderson,  and  he,  being  satisfied  that  the  requisite  formalities  had  been  complied  with,  made  an  order  in  all  the  cases  for  the  sums  to  be  paid,  with  costs.  In  a  few  hours  after  returning  to  Cornwallis-street,  Mr.  Toulmin  came  in  and  complained  of  the  whole  proceedings  being  irregular,  and  declared  that  he  should  take  measures  to  set  himself  right.  He  (Mr.  M'Gowan)  expressed  regret  that  he  had  not  attended  before  the  magistiates  at  the  appointed  time,  and  observed  that,  ,  if  there  had  been  an  error  no  mischief  was  done,  as  the  inquiry  had  been  private,  and  that  they  would  be  very  happy  to  rectify  it  if  it  were  pointed  out.  Mr.  Toulmin  first  objected  that  he  did  not  sign  the  composition  paper,  and  that  therefore  he  ought  not  to  pay.  The  paper  was  pro produced,  duced, produced,  and  he  then  denied  that  his  clerk  Webster,  whose  signature  it  bore,  had  signed  it  for  him.  Upon  that  he  (Mr.  M'Gowan)  told  him  that  th  e  comm  ittee  could  not  distinguish  in  the  matter,  as  Webster  had  signed  for  other  property  on  which  the  composition  was  paid,  but  remarked  that  if  the  clerk  had  no  authority  to  sign  there  had  been  no  composition  at  all,  and  that  it  would  be  therefore  for  Mr.  Toulmin  to  pay  the  full  rates,  and  not  one-half.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  Thereupon  Mr.  Toulmin  said  he  would  admit  that  the  clerk  bad  the  authority  to  sign  (laughter),  but  declared  that  he  had  received  no  bill,  nor  any  intimation  that  the  summonses  would  be  issued.  The  collector  was  then  called  in,  and  it  was  shown  that  the  bill  had  been  sent,  and  'that  he  had  been  sent  the  letter,  forwarded  to  all  parties,  that  if  he  did  not  pay  w'thin  a  certain  date  proceedings  would  be  taken  against  him.  He  declared  that  he  had  never  re received  ceived received  it,  and  made  little  of  the  oath  of  the  clerk  that  it  bad  been  sent,  and  went  away  declarin  g  that  he  would  bring  the  matter  before  the  council,  and  seek  a  re-hearing.  When  Mr.  Toulmin  left,  fearing  that  there  might  have  been  some  error,  he  (Mr.  M'Gowan)  carefully  went  over  all  the  proceedi  ngs  ,  and  found  that  after  the  summonses  had  been  issued,  a  clerk  came  from  Mr.  Toulmin's  office,  and  offered  to  pay  the  money  if  the  costs  were  waived.  (Laugh (Laughter.)  ter.) (Laughter.)  He  felt  it  his  duty  to  tell  the  sub-committee  that  fact;  and  when  he  was  giving  a  history  of  the  matter  to  them,  Mr.  Toulmin  interrupted  him  with  the  scurrilous  expression  of  You  lie,  and  you  know  it  is  a  Mr.  Gladstone  :  Are  you  quite  confident  as  to  this  language  ?  Mr.  M'Gowan  replied  that  be  was  positive  as  in  the  words,_  and  that  they  were  heard  both  by  the  m  em  b  ers  o  f  the  sub-committee,  and  Mr.  Newlands,  and  Mr.  Rishton.  Mr.  Johnson  corroborated  Mr.  M'Gowan's  statement  as  to  the  language  used,  and  observed  that  as  chairman  he  had  called  on  Mr.  Toulmin  to  withdraw  the  language,  when  he  replied  that  he  had  nothing  to  withdraw.  Mr.  M'Gowan  :  The  committee  immediately  took  the  language  up,  and  called  on  him  to  withdraw  the  expressions,  and  after  a  fashion  he  did  withdraw  them,  for  while  the  words  were  warm  on  his  lips,  he  declared  that  ho  did  not  utter  them.  Mr.  Newlands  said  that  as  he  entered  the  room  he  heard  Mr.  Toulmin,  in  an  excited  manner,  say,  you  lie,  and  you  know  it  is  a  lie  whereupon  he  thought  he  was  one  too  many,  and  retired.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  Rishton  said  that  he  heard  Mr.  Toulmin  make  use  of  the  language,  and  on  hearing  it  adopted  the  prudent  course  taken  by  the  borough  engineer.  Mr.  Haydock  also  testified  to  it.  Mr.  M'Guffie  asked  if  Mr.  Toulmin  had  received  any  intimation  that  the  matter  would  be  brought  before  the  committee  that  day  ?  Mr.  Robertson  Gladstone  said  that  he  had  recommended  Mr.  Toulmin  to  attend.  Mr.  Tyson,  Mr.  Armstrong,  Mr.  Crosthwaite,  and  Mr.  Owens,  clerks  at  the  Cornwallis-street  offices,  testified  to  Mr.  Toulmin's  clerk  offering  to  pay  the  money  if  the  cost  of  the  summonses  were  taken  off,  and  to  the  incorrectness  of  the  statements  in  Mr.  Toulmin's  letters.  Mr.  Beckwith  said  17e  would  there  let  the  matter  rest,  thinking  that  Mr.  Toulmin  would  gain  little  by  his  The  Chairman  :  He  says  that  he  did  not  call  me  a  liar,  but  that  I  told  a  lie.  Now,  if  that  is  not  a  distinction  with without  out without  a  difference,  Ido  not  know  what  is.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter•)  The  matter  then  dropped,  and  the  committee  adjourned.  DOCK  COMMITTEE.-YESTERDAY  -411.----  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  dock  committee  took  place  at  one  o'clock  yesterday.  Mr.  Charles  Turner  occupied  the  chair,  and  the  other  members  present  were,  Messrs.  Shand,  Palmer,  Robinson,  Gregson,  Chaloner,  Rounthwaite,  Smith,  Robertson  Gladstone,  Lockett,  Barber,  Mondell,  Holden,  Langsdale,  Anderson,  Hub Hubback,  back, Hubback,  Rathbone,  James  Holme,  and  Evans.  The  death  of  Mr.  C.  Edwards,  second  master  of  the  Crosby  light-ship,  was  reported,  and  some  changes  made  in  consequence  of  the  promotions  necessarily  following.  It  was  agreed  that  the  offer  of  Messrs.  Conway  and  Co.,  to  supply  clothing  for  the  piermasters  and  dock  gatemen,  and  that  of  Messrs.  Henry  Gibson  and  Co.,  for  hats  and  badges  for  the  same,  be  accepted.  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH  COMMUNICATION  WITH  HOLYHEAD-  MIL  MONDRLL'S  MOTION  The  Chairman  said  the  next  business  was  Mr.  Mon Mondell's  dell's Mondell's  motion  for  the  establishing  of  electric  telegraph  communication  by  the  dock  committee  with  Holyhead.  Mr.  Mondell  said,  he  wished  to  say  a  few  words  upon  the  motion,  in  order  to  urge  the  matter  upon  the  com committee.  mittee. committee.  It  was  necessary  for  his  purpose,  that  he  should  just  allude  to  the  construction  of  the  present  line  of  telegraph.  The  act  for  its  construction  was  obtained  in  the  year  1825,  the  6th  of  George  the  IV.,  and  it  was  carried  out  in  the  year  1326,  and  in  operation  in  1827.  There  were  eleven  stations,  including  Liverpool,  and  the  whole  were  reorganised  at  a  considerable  expense,  and  improved  in  1839.  The  system  which  was  then  adopted  was,  per perhaps,  haps, perhaps,  the  most  perfect  extant  in  that  day,  and  sufficed  very  we!l  during  clear  weather,  and  whilst  there  was  daylight,  but  it  was  totally  useless  in  thick  or  hazy  weather,  or  during  the  hours  of  darkness,  and  therefore  he  considered  it  quite  inadequate  for  its  purpose.  If  the  dock  committee  30  years  ago  felt  themselves  empow empowered  ered empowered  to  carry  out  a  system  of  telegraph  which  had  been  maintained  at  a  cost  of  about  £1,500  to  £l,BOO  per  annum  ever  since  a  time  when  the  shipping  of  the  entire  port  was  less  than  10,000  per  annum,  and  the  tonnage  1,200,000,  he  did  not  think  it  was  too  much  to  ask  the  dock  committee  that  they  should  now  keep  pace  with  the  times,  and  that  they  should  improve  their  mode  of  communication  with  Holyhead.  This  question  was  before  the  committee  in  the  early  part  of  last  year.  There  was  a  little  discussion,  and  the  subject  was  referred  to  the  marine:committee  who  endeavoured  to  make  an  arrangement  with  the  electric  telegraph  com company  pany company  for  supplying  two  messages  per  diem.  The  terms  which  the  telegraph  company  asked  were  extremely  high,  and  such  as  this  committee  refused  to  accede  to.  In  thinking  over  the  question,  he  had  thought  at  first  of  recommending  a  renewal  of  negociations  with  the  telegraph  company,  but  the  more  he  thought  of  it,  and  of  its  importance,  the  less  he  was  inclined  to  treat  with  anybody,  but  to  have  established  by  the  dock  committee,  along  the  coast,  an  electric  wire  of  their  own.  He  thought  this  was  due  to  the  commercial  com community  munity community  of  Liverpool,  which  that  body  represented.  When  he  spoke  of  the  commercial  community,  he  did  not  mean  the  underwriters,  or  the  shipowners,  or  the  merchants  only,  but  he  also  included,  with  them,  the  seamen,  the  mariners  who  frequented  this  port,  their  pilots  who  conducted  their  ships  in  and  out,  and  the  passengers  and  emigrants  who  sailed  from  the  port  of  Liverpool  and  entered  it.  Those  classes  of  persons,  he  thought,  had  even  a  greater  interest  in  the  question  than  the  merchants  and  shipowners  had.  He  thought,  therefore,  it  was  a  matter  of  vital  importance  that  they  should  have  a  communication  which  should  be  certain,  and  for  the  purpose  of  indicating  the  state  of  the  weather  during  thick  and  hazy  periods,  when  the  present  tele telegraph  graph telegraph  was  useless.  During  the  last  year  there  were  sixty-odd  days  during  which  they  had  no  communica communication,  tion, communication,  in  consequence  of  the  fog.  In  the  month  of  December  last,  there  were  ten  days.  In  the  twenty-four  days  of  the  present  year  which  had  elapsed,  there  were  sixteen  or  eighteen  days  when  they  had  no  commuica commuication  tion commuication  from  the  fog.  The  wind  was  very  favourable,  generally,  during  thick  and  hazy  weather,  for  the  departure  of  ships  from  that  port.  It  might  be  from  the  southward,  with  rain,  and  ships  took  their  departure  frequently  from  this  port,  when  if  they  had  had  communication  with  Holyhead  he  was  sure  good  men  would  not  do  so,  Within  the  last  forty fortyeight  eight fortyeight  hours  they  had  had  very  serious  weather  at  sea,  of  which  they  did  not  know  the  result  yet.  They  would  also  recollect  that  on  Tuesday  they  had  a  very  fine  day,  the  wind  from  the  eastward.  In  the  evening  it  com commenced  menced commenced  to  blow  a  gale  of  wind,  south  east—a  very  heavy  gale  of  wind  indeed,  which  continued  until  four  o'clock  in  the  morning.  At  eight  o'clock  it  was  fine,  from  the  opposite  point.  About  two  or  three  o'clock  on  Wednes Wednesday  day Wednesday  afternoon  there  was  a  telegraphic  communication,  which  indicated  that  the  barometer  at  Holyhead  stood  28.23,  a  point  which  the  mercury  seldom  reaches,  unless  in  a  hurricane.  A  large  fleet  of  vessels  sailed  on  Wednesday  morning.  That  night,  as  might  be  expected,  it  blew  a  hurricane  again  from  the  south  until  three  or  four  o'clock  next  morning,  when  the  wind  again  shifted.  The  effects  of  that  they  did  not  yet  know,  but  he  alluded  to  it  now  to  show  that  no  prudent  seaman  would  have  put  to  sea  yesterday,  if  he  had  known  that  the  barometer  stood  at  that:point.  He  believed  it  was  in  such  weather  as  he  had  spoken  of  that  the  Tayleur  had  sailed—indeed  he  was  certain  that  it  was.  Now  there  was  another  reason  why  he  should  wish  to  have  this  proposal  carried  out.  The  Dock  trust  maintained  a  life  boat  establishment,  perhaps  scarcely  equalled  in  the  world  for  efficiency,  well  manned,  and  maintained  at  a  cost  of  something  like  £2,000  a  year.  The  men  of  these  boats  were  ready  and  willing  at  any  time  to  put  to  sea  to  save  life  whenever  an  accident  occurred  so  close  to  the  shore  that  they  could  receive  information  of  it  in  time,  but  if  the  accident  was  not  communicated  to  them,  they  might  slumber  on  in  happy  ignorance.  Let  them  take  the  case  of  the  Ocean  Monarch  as  an  illustration  of  this.  .  That  vessel  took  fire  with  emigrants  on  board  out  at  sea,  and  within  sight  of  Ormes-head.  She  was  consumed  by  fire.  If  that  accident  had  been  promptly  communi communicated,  cated, communicated,  as  it  might  have  been  if  telegraphic  communi communication  cation communication  such  as  he  urged  had  then  existed,  there  would  no  doubt  have  been  a  fleet  of  steamers  out  from  this  port,  and  lifeboats,  which  would  have  saved  the  two  hundred  lives  that  were  lost  on  that  occasion.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  thought  there  was  a  vessel  called  the  Rothesay  Castle  in  similar  distress  from  the  time  of  her  leaving  the  north-west  light  until  she  got  to  the  entrance  of  Beaumaris,  where,  as  they  would  all  recol recollect,  lect, recollect,  many  souls  perished.  Had  an  electric  telegraph  been  along  that  line  of  coast,  assistance  of  an  effectual  character  could  have  been  rendered  to  that  ship  before  she  got  to  Beaumaris.  There  was  another  question  to  be  considered.  The  committee  were,  perhaps,  not  aware  that  the  Admiralty  was  now  about  to  issue  a  new  code  of  signals  far  in  advance  of  anything  which  existed,  or  had  been  produced  as  yet,  and  if  the  dock  committee  continued  their  present  semaphore  communication,  they  must  of  necessity  revise  and  alter  their  Holyhead  code,  which  would  then  be  perfectly  useless.  Tois  alteration  would  be  attended  with  considerable  expense.  To  show  the  inefficiency  of  the  present  code,  he  would  first  allude  to  a  circumstance  which  occurred  within  the  last  five  days.  On  Sunday,  to  those  who  frequented  the  newsroom,  there  was  a  telegraphic  communication  made,  at  nine  o'clock  certain  ships  passed  Point  This  was  known  to  most  of  the  merchants  on  Monday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  as  they  went  to  the  newsroom.  But  on  the  follow following  ing following  day,  a  semaphore  communication  had  been  received  advising  that  certain  ships  had  passed  Point  Lynas  at  nine  o'clock  the  previous  morning.  He  questioned  the  keeper,  who  told  him  that  he  had  been  telegraphed  off  Point  Lynes  and  also  off  Ormes-head  ;  that  the  re responses  sponses responses  were  made,  but  that  the  communication  was  cut  off,  either  by  the  Menai  Straits  or  by  the  river  Dee.  There  was  another  argument  which  he  would  adduce.  He  thought,  if  they  took  into  consideration  the  various  stations  which  would  be  superseded,  the  line  would  be  a  very  paying  line.  There  was,  as  they  were  all  aware,  a  large  harbour  being  constructed  at  Holyhead.  It  would  shortly  be  perfected,  and,  he  supposed,  ships  'would'  frequent  it  in  case  of  fog,  and  even,  probably,  call  for  orders.  He  knew,himself,  of  a  case  where  the  orders  were  put  on  board  a  pilot  boat  for  a  vessel  to  gm  to  Glasgow,  and  in  that  case  the  ship  would  have  to  pay  half  the  pilotage,  whether  she  entered  the  port  or  not.  It  would  have  been  better  if  she  had  gone  into  Holyhead,  where  she  might  have  been  certain  of  receiving  orders.  He  therefore  thought  that  if  the  telegraph  were  com completed,  pleted, completed,  sundry  messages  would  pass  along  the  line,  and  at  the  usual  tariff  there  would  be  a  large  sum  received  for  the  use  of  the  wires  in  communicating  intelligence  of  ships.  These  were  the  arguments  he  would  use  la  urging  upon  the  dock  committee  the  improvement  of  communication  along  the  coast,  and  at  Holyhead.  When  it  was  made,  a  method  of  signals  might  be  adopted  for  night  service.  There  was  no  difficulty  about.  it.  The  necessary  signals  of  danger  and  distress  were'  very  few,  and  a  code  of  night  signals  might  be  ma  de,.  and  signals  to  transmit  intelligence  in  case  of  fogs-  Intelligence  might  be  communicated  by  a  number  of  . STYLE=superscript  guns  fired  at  intervals.  He  thought  these  were  argu-.  ments  to  show  that  they  should  not  any  longer  stand  still,  but  that  they  should  progress.  He  believed  they'  would  effect  a  large  saving  in  their  present  expenditure  , STYLE=superscript  He  therefore  would  beg  to  move  a  resolution  somewhat'  different  from  the  motion  which  he  first  brought  for forward,  ward, forward,  if  he  might  be  allowed  to  do  so.  The  motion  be'  would  now  propose  That  it  is  now  expedient'  that  a  system  of  electric  telegraphic  communication  along  the  line  of  coast  to  Holyhead  be  established  ;  that.  the  same  be  carried  out  under  the  direction  and  at  the  cost  of  the  dock  trustees,  and  that  a  sub-committee  be  appointed  to  receive  Mr.  Smith  had  much  pleasure  in  seconding  the  mo motion.  tion. motion.  He  thought  Mr.  Mondell  had  made  out  a  very  strong  case  indeed.  On  Tuesday,  as  it  might  be  in  the  recollection  of  the  committee,  had  the  state  of  the  wea weather  ther weather  at  Holyhead  been  known,  it  was  probable  a  great  number  of  the  ships  which  went  to  sea  would  not  haves  done  so.  He  asked  if  Mr.  Mondell  had  turned  his  atten attention  tion attention  to  the  question  of  expense,  and  ascertained  what  the  amount  of  the  cost  would  be  ?  Mr.  Mondell  said,  if  the  board  thought  proper,  he  could  tell  them  the  result  of  the  investigation  then.  But  if  they  were  going  to  refer  the  matter  to  a  sub-committee*  it  would  perhaps  be  better  to  wait.  The  Chairman  said  the  question  had  been  before  tile  committee  several  times,  and  they  decided  that  it  was;  not  expedient  to  proceed  with  the  undertaking.  They'  found  that  very  few  of  the  stations  now  existing  could  be  dispensed  with.  The  expense  of  the  existing  sema  phore  would  be  about  the  same  as  it  w  as  now  ,  even  a  fter  , STYLE=superscript  they  had  adopted  the  electric  telegraph,  if  they  decided.  upon  doing  so.  As  regarded  the  question  of  weather,.  the  marine  committee  recommended  that  there  should  be'  two  messages  a  day,  and  proposed  to  give  about  £5O  a  year  to  the  company  for  the  purpose.  They  found  diffi difficulties  culties difficulties  put  in  their  way  by  the  company,  and  arrangement  was  concluded.  As  regards  the  pilots,  mariners,  and  seamen,  of  course,  information  as  regarded  the  state  of  the  weather,  was  the  only  thing  which  would  be  of  value  to  them.  With  respect  to  vessels  calling  at  Holyhead  harbour,  he  fancied  that  very  few  vessels  would  go  into  it,  the  dangers  of  going  in  and  getting  out  were  so  considerable.  He  did  not  think  the  case  of  the  Rothsay  Castle  was  a  case  in  point  at  all.  If  a  vessel  was  in  distress  at  the  north-west  lightship.  and  yet  chose  to  go  on  to  Beaumaris,  he  did  not  think  she  would  be  likely  to  take  advantage  of  a  steam  tug,  which  might  go  out  to  her.  He  did  not  quite  recollect  the  circumstances  of  the  Ocean  Monarch,  and,  therefore,  could  not  say  whether  the  circumstances  with  regard  to  that  vessel  were  quite  correctly  stated  or  not.  But,  inasmuch  as  the  marine  committee,  of  which  Mr.  Mondell  was  a  very  able  anti  valued  member,  had  had  the  whole  of  the  sub subject  ject subject  under  their  charge,  and  as  Mr.  Brocklebank  was  not  present,  who  took  a  very  great  interest  in  the  sub subject,  ject, subject,  and  was  also  a  very  able  member  of  that  he  would  suggest  that  it  would  be  very  desirable  to  refer  the  question  to  the  marine  committee.  Mr.  Lockett  was  also  decidedly  of  opinion,  that  lt•  would  be  better  to  refer  the  subject  to  the  marine  com committee.  mittee. committee.  Mr.  Mondell  had  brought  forward  a  wholly  nor  subject.  As  far  as  regarded  the  communication  with'  Holyhead  for  ships  putting  in  there,  they  all  knew  that  already  there  was  a  telegraphic  communication,  if  parties'  wished  to  avail  of  it.  Mr.  Mondell  :  I  would  have  no  objection  to  it  being  referred  to  any  committee  which  I  could  consider  a  comp!'  tent  committee,  but  as  the  marine  committee  is  now  constt•  tuted,  I  cannot  say  that  it  is  a  competent  committee  to  take  this  question  in  hand.  The  Chairman  :  Three  of  the  largest  shipowners  in  the  port  are  upon  that  committee,  yourself,  Mr.  Lockett,  and  Mr.  Brocklebank.  Ido  not  think  there  are  any  three  MO  more  competent  to  take  charge  of  the  subject.  Mr.  Mendell  :  I  am  very  glad  to  see  Mr.  Lockett  restored  . STYLE=superscript  He  bas  not  attended  fur  the  last  fortnight.  I  have  been  the  marine  committee  myself  for  the  last  fortnight,  and,  °f  course,  I  would  be  unanimous  upon  the  subject.  (Laughter  , STYLE=superscript  /  You  pay  to  the  steam-tug  company  £4OO  per  annum,  condition  that  they  have  a  steam-tug  ready  at  all  times,  tow  out  your  lifeboats  to  vessels  in  distress.  y  ou  c  antle'  continue  to  pay  this  sum  and  not  adopt  the  electric  telegraPb:  The  time  lost  in  communicating  intelligence  from  a  ship  distress  to  this  port,  is  more  than  twice  the  time  which  1 STYLE=superscript  would  take  a  steamer  to  go  out.  The  Chairman  :  But,  how  far  does  a  steamer  take  o  ut  lifeboat  ?  Mr.  Mondell  :  To  the  extreme  edge  of  the  banks.  The  Chairman  :  Not  to  Holyhead  ?  Mr.  Mondell  :  No,  sir.  The  Chairman  :  Then  that  does  not  bear  upon  th  e STYLE=superscript  Holyhead  question  ?  Mr.  Mondell  :  But,  suppose  an  accident  were  to  occur  et  Ormeshead,  the  steamers  would  go  out  from  this  to  head,  in  such  a  case  as  that  of  the  Ocean  Monarch,  r  satisfied,  without  fee  or  reward.  Mr.  Shand  said  there  was  no  objection  whatever  to  hi  o STYLE=superscript  the  subject  fully  discussed.  The  Chairman  :  Certainly,  none  whatever.  Mr.  Mondell  :  Let  it  be  freely  discussed,  then.  If  it  0 STYLE=superscript  proved  that  it  would  be  a  loss  to  the  estate,  abandon  it.  Mr.  Barber  did  not  understand  whether  Mr.  Mondell  posed  that  the  dock  committee  should  charge  for  delivering  (  messages,  and  thus,  in  fact,  establish  rival  wires  to  those  the  telegraph  comrany.  Merchants  might  have  a  mes=ag  e STYLE=superscript  on  the  state  of  the  weather  from  Holyhead  in  half  an  hour  at  present,  if  they  wished  to  avail  themselves  of  the  existing  means.  -  The  Chairman  suggested  that  the  question  should  b  6 STYLE=superscript  referred  to  the  marine  committee,  with  the  names  of  ?  41 STYLE=superscript  Gladstone  and  Mr.  Evans  added.  Mr.  Rathbone  thought  it  hardly  fair  to  refer  a  thing  bae  l STYLE=superscript  to  a  committee  who  had  already  reported  against  it  twic  e STYLE=superscript  a  over.  He  suggested  that  Mr.  Mondell's  should  be  refer  to  the  marine  committee,  with  the  addition  of  1  0 STYLE=superscript  Hubback  and  Mr.  Smith.  The  Chairman  thought  it  hardly  fair  to  add  the  names  o  f STYLE=superscript  two  gentlemen  who  had  declared  in  favour  of  the  proposa  l, STYLE=superscript  inasmuch  as  Mr.  Smith  had  seconded  the  motion,  and  1  0 STYLE=superscript  Hubback  had  offered  to  second  it.  et  Mr.  Holme  did  not  think  the  committee  had  ever  considered  what  would  be  the  cost:of  laying  down  a  line  °  their  own.  If  it  cost  .£lO,OOO,  the  inter  es  t  u  p  on  tha  t STYLE=superscript  amount  would  be  £5OO  a  year.  The  chairman  :  But  we  must  keep  up  the  present  tole'  graph  also.  Mr.  Smith  :  I  do  not  see  why  that  should  be  necessary.  Mr.  Mondell  :  I  know  something  of  signalling  at  se*  and  I  do  not  think  it  would  be  necessary.  Finally,  Mr.  Mondell  consented  to  leave  the  question  to  t  the  marine  committee,  with  the  a  ddi  t  i  on  o  f  t  h  e  names  $  1 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Gladstone  and  Mr.  Hubback,  to  report  to  the  board.  This  was  accordingly  agreed  to.  The  general  business  then  concluded.  BIRKENHEAD  POLICE  (BEFORE  MAJOR-GENERAL  THE  HON.  SIR  EDWARD  CVO.,  AND  MR.  BARTON.)  TRAism  ER  E  POLICE.  —Two  'powerful-looking  tlie..l  named  Robert  and  James  Willi  ams  ,  were  summo  n  before  the  bench  by  police-con  s  t  a  bl  e  W  right,  under  tlit,  following  circumstances.  He  stat  e  d  th  at  on  Sunday  nighog  he  was  on  duty  about  half-past  twelve  o'clock,  and  N't  accompanied  by  two  other  constables,  Griffith  013 STYLE=superscript  to  Williams,  when  the  defendant  J  ames  Wi  lliams  came  up  0  them,  and  threatened  to  the  whole  three  of  the%  and  that  subsequently,  his  brother  struck  him  (Wright'  s  ,  blow  in  the  face,  which  knocked  him  down.  In  his  e  roS  t,  examination,  he  said  that  the  affair  took  place  on  the  Paul's-road,  near  to  Kill  e  tt'  s  pu  b  lic-house,  and  he  adm  itt6  that  he  had  heard  Griffith  call  James  Williams  a  drunl  e  ,  scoundrel,  and  that  Williams  (policeman)  had  said  50a1  .  ,  0  thing  about  spies.  Williams  was  next  called,  but  he  ga  i  t  rather  a  different  version  of  the  affair,  for  he  denied  Ol  i  o  together  when  the  defendant  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  ;0  he  had  called  the  defendant  a  spy,  but  said  he  and  0 STYLE=superscript  ,„  6  brother  officers  were  up  to  them,  threw  down  his  cap  and  coat,  and  tri,  threatened  lick  the  whole  lot.'  They  told  him  n  ot  i:  0  make  a  blackguard  of  himself,  but  to  go  quietly  home.,  his  cross-examination,  he  denied  that  he  struck  the  dele  kh  e  dant  with  his  stick.  He  had  seen  one  of  the  brothers  '''  o  t  day  after,  and  he  had  told  him  that  he  should  11 STYLE=superscript  ,.  0  .  summons  him,  but  should  summons  his  brother  ;.,  6  being  drunk.  He  also  denied  the  statement  that  he  and  his  brother  officers  were  drunk.  Griffith  was  called,  1 STYLE=superscript  he  corroborated  the  statement  of  officer  Williams.  -y  Bretherton  addressed  th  e  b  enc  h  c  or  t  h  e  defendants,  c-omt9  tending  that  no  re  li  ance  was  to  be  placed  on  the  statereeto  made  by  the  p  o  li  ce,  as  it  was  clear  they  had  told  pall/3,10  falsehoods  in  the  matter.  M  r  .  B  re  th  er  t  on  t  h  en  called  be  two  defendants,  who  stated  that  they  were  outside  00  public-house  door  when  they  saw  the  three  policemen  co  out.  That  then  it  was  that  the  officer  Williams  0,70  defendant  James  a  spy,  which  caused  a  littl  e  di  spute  ;  '„ot  Williams  came  up  and  endeavou  re  d  t  o  get  J  ames  h  o  me,.v  e  y,  in  consequence  of  his  recei  v  i  ng  some  b  lows  with  a  st:i  is  and  being  called  a  drunken  scamp,  he  rushed  back,  an  e  re  so  doing,  knocked  Wright  down.  Other  witnesses  WO  called  who  spoke  to  the  policemen  all  being  drunk  a  e  t STYLE=superscript  h  eca,  time,  but  that  was  deni  e  d  b  y  th  e  Inspector,  who  saw  'hoe;  shortly  after  the  aff  a  i  r  .  Th  e  magistrates,  after  a  most  consultation,  dismiss  e  d  th  e  d  efendants,  observing  ,s  0  there  had  been  so  me  most  gross  false  swearing,  and  it  hard  for  them  to  say  on  which  side.  .  os  i° STYLE=superscript  l  9 STYLE=superscript  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLIVIER.  of  21.  street,  it  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establia°  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  FRIDAY,  JANUARY  25,  ISM"
