text
"Werioaio  HEALTH  COMMITTEE.-YESTERDAY.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  committee  was  held  on  yesterday,  at  half-past  two  o'clock,  Mr.  LANOSDALE  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were—Messrs.  Dover,  Moss,  Beckwith,  Fleming,  Robertson  Gladstone,  Hodson,  Johnson,  Godfrey,  Halhead,  .11.1‘Nicoll,  Henderson,  and  Nicholson  Two  gentlemen,  Messrs.  'Johnson  and  Roskell,  waited  on  the  committee  on  the  part  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  township  of  Kirkdale,  in  reference  to  the  present  state  of  Smith-street  and  the  streets  adjacent.  It  was  the  great  thoroughfare,  they  observed,  for  the  walking  portion  of  the  community  ;  but  it  was  now  rendered  almost  wholly  impassable  by  the  proceedings  of  the  cottage  owners  in  the  neighbourhood,  in  breaking  up  the  ground  for  building  and  making  bricks.  There  being  certain  legal  difficulties  in  the  way  of  the  adoption  of  this  street,  the  matter  was  referred  to  the  bo borough  rough borough  engineer  and  the  town-clerk  to  report  on.  Mr.  RisnTorr,  the  building  surveyor,  ieported  the  inspec inspection  tion inspection  of  172  delapidated  privies  and  ashpits,  140  of  which  were  undergoing  alterations  and  repairs,  and  32  of  which  required  such  ;  together  with  various  ther  details  in  his  department.  Mr.  NEWLANDS,  the  borough  engineer,  reported  numerous  particulars  of  the  work  done  and  in  hand  in  his  department.  And  Mr.  FRESH,  the  inspector  of  nuisances,  reported  the  emptying  of  1072  cesspools,  the  inspection  of  111  nuisances  complained  of  by  the  inhabitants,  and  reference  of  107  others  to  the  borough  engineer  for  remedy  by  drainage,  &amp;c.,  with  a  detail  of  other  operations  of  his  staff,  including  particulars  of  a  sanitary  examination  of  632  court-houses,  55  lodging lodginghouses,  houses, lodginghouses,  374  cellars  formerly  cleared  of  inmates,  in  the  lower  parts  of  the  town,  and  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  sanitary  officers  had  made  special  examinations  during  the  week  of  2020  different  apartments  in  street-houses,  and  1916  rooms  in  court-houses  in  the  districts  named,  for  the  purpose  of  eradicating  unhealthiness  therefrom,  besides  the  cellar  inspections  above  named.  Mr.  M`GowAN  informed-  the  committee  that  on  the  pre previous  vious previous  day  there  was  a  kind  of  crusade  before  the  magistrates  with  reference  to  the  notices  which  had  been  served  on  per persons  sons persons  for  not  whitewashing  and  purifying  their  dwellings,  and  they  were  very  fairly  met  by  one  legal  gentleman,  and  stoutly  opposed  by  another  ;  and  the  result  was  they  obtained  convictions  in  every  case  against  sixty  or  seventy  persons,  with  fines  varying  from  20s.  to  3s.  and  4s.  and  the  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  expressed  a  hope  that  such  proceedings  would  have  the  effect  of  making  persons  keep  their  houses  in  good  order.  They  complimented  the  course  adopted  by  the  committee.  Mr.  JOHNSON  . STYLE=superscript  asked  were  the  convictions  obtained  against  the  owners  or  the  occupiers  ?  Mr.  111‘GowArr  :  Against  the  owners  in  every  case  but  one,  where  the  occupier  made  the  house  very  dirty  in  a  short  time  after  occupation.  Mr.  Fresh  thought  it  his  duty  to  proceed  against  the  occupier  in  that  case.  The  MEDICAL-OFFICER  of  HEALTH  reported  that  the  con continued  tinued continued  low  temperature  causes  a  progressive  increase  in  the  mortality  from  diseases  of  the  lungs,  and  that  the  general  mortality  of  the  borough  is  consequently,  as  in  the  previous  week,  comparatively  high.  The  total  deaths  were  247,  being  six  more  than  in  the  week  preceding,  but  ten  less  than  the  average  of  the  same  week  in  the  preceding  six  years,  after  allowing  for  increase  of  population.  From  diseases  of  the  lungs  the  deaths  were  116,  being  12  more  than  in  the  pre pretious  tious pretious  week,  and  a  greater  number  than  in  any  week  of  the  nine  months  preceding.  Excluding  this  class  of  diseases,  each  week's  return  shows  a  decrease  of  6  in  the  mortality  of  the  borough.  From  zymotic  diseases  there  were  53  deaths,  being  26  fewer  than  in  the  week  previous.  This  includes  12  from  hopping  cough,  10  from  cholera,  7  from  measles,  6  from  typhus,  5  from  scarlatina,  and  4  from  diarrhoea.  Bowel  complaints  are  not  more  than  usually  prevalent,  and  neither  the  registrars'  returns,  nor  the  daily  reports  of  the  district  medical  officers  furnish  any  indication  of  the  immediate  spread  of  epidemic  disease.  The  temperature  was  below  the  average  on  every  day  of  the  week.  The  mean,  37  6-10th  degrees,  was  nearly  4-1  degrees  below  the  average  of  the  same  week  of  the  preceding  seven  years.  In  the  corresponding  week  of  last  year,  when  the  mean  temperature  was  11  degrees  higher,  the  mortality,  from  diseases  of  the  lungs  was  little  more  than  half  that  of  the  past  week.  The  medical  officer  of  health  also  called  the  attention  of  the  committee  to  the  offensive  condition  of  Grosvenor-street,  opposite  Grosvenor Grosvenorterrace.  terrace. Grosvenorterrace.  This  street  was  reported  to  the  committee  on  the  .  20th  June,  1848,  as  having  a  stream  of  filth  flowing  diago diagonally  nally diagonally  along  it  for  a  space  of  50  yards.  The  street  is  still  in  the  same  condition  as  then  reported,  and  in  its  present  state  is  a  disgrace  to  the  town.  Mr.  JOHNSON  said  that  ho  had  brought  the  condition  of  this  street  some  years  ago  under  the  notice  of  the  com committee.  mittee. committee.  The  BOROUGH  ENGINEER  replied  that  in  1851  he  had  brought  plans  before  the  committee  for  the  improvement  of  the  street,  but  that  they  could  not  be  carried  out  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  objections  of  the  owners.  Were  it  not  for  those  objections,  the  street  would  have  been  long  since  adopted,  but  now  there  was  no  use  in  temporisi%  The  matter  was-  referred  to  the  borough  engineer  to  re report  port report  on  as  to  the  expense.  MORTALITY  OF  LIVERPOOL.  -VISIT  FROM  THE  INSPECTOR  OF  TIIB  BOARD  OF  RBALTII.  Mr.  LEE,  inspector  of  the  general  board  of  health,  was  then  introduced.  He  said  :  Mr.  Chairman  and  gentlemen,  being  in  town,  as  the  inspector  of  the  general  board  of  health,  I  thought  it  my  duty  to  pay  my  respects  to  you.  I  need  not  say  that  every  fact  and  circumstance  connected  with  the  de development  velopment development  of  cholera,  and  the  means  that  may  be  taken  for  its  prevention,  and  also  the  apparent  cause  of  its  de development,  velopment, development,  must  be  of  very  great  importance,  especially  at  the  present  time,  to  the  general  board  of  health,  as  they  have,  under  the  order  in  council,  to  advise  as  to  preventive  or  precautionary  measures,  and  such  palliatives  as  may  be  adopted  with  advantage  throughout  the  country  in  the  event  of  the  epidemic  becoming  general  next  year,  as  maybe  expected.  With  that  view,  hearing  there  had  been  some  cases  in  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  a  minute  was  made  at  the  latter  end  of  last  week,  which  I  will  take  leave  to  read  to  the  committe  17th  Dec.,  1853.—The  board,  having  been  informed,  although  there  had  been  a  very  great  expenditure  in  sanitary  works  in  Liverpool,  that  the  mortality  continues  to  be  excessively  high,  especially  from  zymotic  diseases,  deems  it  important  to  ascertain  the  circumstances  they  may  be  attributed  to,  —  Order  that  Mr.  Lee  be  instructed  to  visit  Liverpool  as  early  as  convenient,  to  examine  the  causes  of  epidemic,  and  the  places  where  cholera  recently  prevailed,  and  report  to  the  board  forms  no  part  of  my  duty  to  interfere,  or  attempt  to  interfere  in  any  degree,  with  any  matter  of  local  management  or  arrangement  in  Liverpool  ;  but  simply  to  do  what  am  in  the  course  of  doing  through  the  assistance  of  your  officers,  to  look  at  those  localiti  es  ,  an  d  no  t  so  muc  h  with  reference  to  Liverpool,  (for  the  reason  I  have  already  stated),  and  to  report  to  the  general  board  of  health,  as  to  any  peculiar  circumstance;  every  matter  connected  with  this  disease  being  thought  of  the  utmost  importance.  I  commenced  my  labours  yesterday,  and  have  visited  along  with  Dr.  Duncan  and  your  engineer,  and  to  day  with  Mr.  Fresh's  assistants,  a  considerable  number  of  places,  •where  cholera  has  recently  exhibited  itself  in  Liverpool  ;  and  I  say,  with  three  exceptions,  so  far  as  the  inspection  has  gone,  I  have  found  the  cases  have  been  in  close  contiguity  with  open  privies,  and  almost  with  those  exceptions,  iu  the  houses  immediately  adjoining  to  those  open  privies.  It  seems,  there therefore,  fore, therefore,  although  your  drainage  works  are  very  excellent,  and  the  pavement  has  been  wonderfully  improved,  and  3ou  have  done,  undoubtedly,  more  than  has  been  done  anywhere  else  in  sanitary  works,  —still  it  does  seem  that  a  s  the  privies  now  are,  they  are  a  very  serious  evil.  Of  this  you  are  fully  con convinced,  vinced, convinced,  and  I  am  glad  to  hear  that  you  are  about  to  apply  to  parliament  for  powers  to  remedy  those  evils.  The  posi positions  tions positions  of  those  privies,  and  their  character  are  both  objec objectionable,  tionable, objectionable,  and  from  the  character  of  the  houses  themselves,  I  do  not  know  how  they  can  be  remedied  generally,  except  by  converting  them  into  some  sort  of  closets  from  which  the  soil  should  go  away.  They  are  in  the  most  disgusting  state,  as  perhaps  some  of  the  committee  may  have  seen  ;  and  the  emanations  from  them  are  in  very  many  instances  within  a  few  feet  of  the  window  of  the  rooms  in  which  the  persons  have  died  of  cholera.  In  a  great  number  of  instances,  such  is  the  position  of  the  houses,  the  windows  of  the  chamber  in  which  persons  have  died,  look  down  on  the  place  where  the  soil  is.  lam  quite  aware  you  have  not  power  to  remedy  those  things,  and  I  am  glad  you  are  about  to  apply  for  pow powers  ers powers  to  remedy  them  ;  but  it  is  a  remarkable  fact,  so  flar  as  this  inspection  has  gone,  with  three  exceptions  (two  of  which  can  be  accounted  for  by  other  causes)  those  cases  occur  in  houses  closely  contigious  to  privies.  The  C  HAIRMAN  remarked  that  t  1  e  committee  was  quite  aware  of  what  Mr.  Lee  had  stated.  They  knew  the  proximity  of  the  windows  to  those  places  was  such,  in  many  cases,  the  only  wonder  was  the  disease  was  not  more  prevalent  ;  and  until  they  had  something  from  head  quarters  to  assist  them  in  rectifying  this  evil,  they  were  actually  tied  with  their  hands  behind  their  bads.  Mr.  GLADsxoNE  :  The  powers  we  seek  to  convert  privies  into  water  closets,  is  to  apply  only  in  exceptional  cases.  Is  not  that  so  ?  Mr.  IlopsoN  :  If  the  medical  officer  of  health  say  they  are  injurious  to  health,  you  can  convert  them  :  but  unless  he  say  so,  by  the  act  of  parliament  you  can  go  no  further.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  in  his  opinion  the  water  closets  would  never  have  the  desired  effect.  Nothing  would  be  an  absolute  cure,  but  some  power  to  make  the  baCk  premises  elsewhere,  so  that  the  petty,  or  whatever  it  might  be,  should  be  at  a  sufficient  distance  from  any  windows  that  would  spread  contagion.  Mr  APNIcoLt.  :  You  must  deal  with  things  as  they  are.  Tho  CHAIRMAN  :  Whilst  the  present  law  ii  is  force  they  will  keep  building,  and  we  cannot  prevent  them.  Mr.  LEE  :  One  of  the  best  apparatus  for  common  pur purposes  poses purposes  is  aue  to  your  borough  engineer.  There  are  several  kinds  of  apparatus  not  liable  to  disarrangement,  that  might  be  kept  clean,  either  under  public  or  private  control,  and  at  a  cost  not  exceeding  £2  for  each  place.  I  am  quite  aware  when  you  have  got  an  ignorant  dirty  set  of  people  to  deal  with,  there  are  great  difficulties.  It  is  an  educational  pro process  cess process  ;  and  will  require  some  time  to  reform  people  whose  habits  were  at  present  disgusting,  and  teach  them  to  use  a  water  closet  properly.  In  a  great  many  instances  I  have  examined,  I  do  not  see  how  the  evil  can  he  remedied,  other  than  by  some  apparatus  of  a  nature  that  will  take  the  soil  down  into  the  drain,  because  the  buildings  are  already  erected,  and  unless  we  have  powers  to  tike  some  down,  ynu  cannot  get  more  space  than  there  is.  We  all  know,  who  happen  to  be  blessed  with  the  means—that  we  can  have  these  accom accommodations  modations accommodations  in  our  own  houses;  and  they  an  be  used  regularly  without  being  in  the  slightest  degree  ofensive.  You  would  have  trouble  no  doubt  for  a  considerable  time,  but  as  they  are  now,  their  very  character  is  such,  they  can  not  be  but  prejudicial  to  health,  and  Dr.  Duncan  will  bear  me  out  in  this.  I  don't  speak  from  medical  knowledge,  but  the  result  of  long  experience  in  those  matters  ;  and  if  your  bill  went  to  the  extent  only  of  proof  being  required  that  it  was  pre prejudicial  judicial prejudicial  to  health,  and  that  disease  was  produced  by  it,  then  I  should  scarcely  think  it  would  go  far  enough.  That  of  course  I  say  with  all  deference  to  the  committee.  If  it  were  capable  of  being  prejudicial  to  health  in  the  estimation  of  the  medical  officer,  that  would  be  a  good  turning  point,  because  you  would  then  throw  the  whole  responsibility  on  him  who  is,  no  doubt,  best  able,  from  his  professional  skill,  to  judge.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  Perhaps  Mr.  Lee  is  not  aware  that  privies,  as  they  exist  at  present,  are  under  the  sanction  of  an  act  of  parliament.  The  act  of  parliament  points  out  how  many  privies  there  should  be,  and  I  think  points  out  the  position  and  size  of  them..  The  borough  engineer  will  be  able  to  speak  more  correctly  on  that  point.  Mr.  NEWLANDS  :  They  are  built  under  the  old  building  act.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  That  has  the  sanction  of  parliament.  Mr.  NEWLANDS  :  In  going  through  the  courts  Mr.  Lee  could  indicate  the  successive  improvements  in  the  acts  of  parliament,  by  the  successive  improvements  of  the  dwellings.  Mr.  HonsoN  disagreed  on  one  point  with  Mr.  Lee,  namely,  that  Liverpool  was  unhealthy.  Liverpool  had  been  in  a  very  healthy  state,  and  they  had  very  little  reason  to  complain.  Mr.  M‘NicoLL  :  Mr.  Lee  only  referred  to  one  class  of  disease—zymotic  diseases.  The  CHAIRMAN  considered  Dr.  Duncan  should  be  called  upon  to  explain  what  was  his  experien6e  for,  some  time  past.  Mr.  GLA.DSTONE  :  Before  Dr.  Duncan  speaks,  it  is  only  fair  to  make  this  remark,  and  as  the  opportunity  is  offered  to  me  before  Mr.  Lee,  I  mention  it  whilst  he  is  here,—in here,—independent  dependent here,—independent  of  this  matter  which  occupies  his  attention,  I  think  you  will  agree  with  me,  and  most  of  the  other  mem members  bers members  will  also  agree  with  me,  it  would  be  well  if  he  turned  his  attention  to  the  manifest  injury  we  suffer,  in  a  sanitary  point  of  view,  from  the  smoke  emitted  from  our  manufac manufactories.  tories. manufactories.  Our  health  suffers  more  from  this  one  circumstance,  the  denso  heavy  atmosphere  with  which  our  lungs  arc  charged  from  morning  till  night,  and  causes  more  mischief,  more  indisposition,  and  a  greater  number  of  fatal  cases  than  anything  else.  It  is  an  evil  to  the  whole  town.  Mr.  LEE  :  I  have  observed  a  great  quantity  of  smoke  here,  and  I  could  not  help  remarking  it  yesterday  to  Dr.  Duncan  and  your  engineer,  when  they  accompanied  11111  ;  but  it  does  not  form  a  part  of  the  mission  with  which  I  am  charged  ;  and  as  I  said,  I  do  not  come  with  the  least  idea  or  desire  to  interfere  at  all  with  your  local  arrangements  ;  and  I  think  perhaps  you  may  not  know  there  has  been  recently  an  act  passed  which  would  enable  you  to  deal  with  the  smoke  nuisance.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  I  am  aware  of  the  act.  Mr.  LEE  :  Quite  irrespective  of  any  general  board  of  health,  I  cannot  but  observe  how  the  fronts  of  buildings  are  discoloured,  and  shop  and  on  other  fronts  are  streaked  down  where  the  rain  conies  with  marks,  and  the  painting  is  dis discoloured  coloured discoloured  with  particles  of  soot.  I  have  no  doubt  the  smoke  nuisance  is  a  very  great  nuisance,  and  as  you  have  got  powers  under  the  act  recently  passed,  you  will  exercise  them.  With  respect  to  what  another  member  said,  I  may  merely  observe,  I  think  he  referred  to  the  minute  which  I  read,  not  to  anything  of  mine.  It  was  the  remark  in  the  minute  of  the  general  board  of  health  which  I  read  to  you,  that  the  unhealthiness  had  respect  to  a  zymotic  class  of  diseases,  as  was  stated,  and  more  especially  with  reference  to  cholera.  Mr;  DOVER  :  With  reference  to  the  subject  of  privies  and  water  closets,  lam  of  opinion,  in  cottages  whieji  I  am  now  speaking  of,  if  you  put  water  closets  there,  they  will  be  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  useless.  They  would  get  stopped  by  all  sorts  of  things  being  thrown  into  them.  But  there  is  another  diffi difficulty.  culty. difficulty.  Where  would  You  get  water  ?  You  made  allusion  to  a  cheap  construction  of  water  closet,  but  that  cheap  con construction  struction construction  will  not  supply  you  with  a  sufficient  quantity  of  water,  or  a  receptacle  for  water  to  wash  the  soil  down.  From  my  observation  I  am  of  opinion  that  a  great  deal  of  nuisance  connected  with  privies  may  be  abated  by  this  means  .—by  keeping  water  out  of  the  ash-pit,  and  by  throwing  a  quan quantity  tity quantity  of  ashes  on  the  soil.  I  find  in  places  where  that  has  been  done,  when  water  has  been  kept  out  of  the  ash-pit  and  where  ashes  have  been  thrown  over  the  soil  there  was  little  or  no  smell  arising.  I  think  if  we  could  observe  a  plan  of  that  kind,  and  get  people  into  the  way  of  using  it,  it  would  be  found  greatly  to  reduce  the  evil.  '  Mr.  LEE  said  that  ashes  acted  chemically  on  soil  to  a  certain  extent;  and  to  that  extent,  no  doubt,  had  a  tendency  to  disinfect  the  soil.  But  then  it  would  be  required  to  have  the  ash-pit  always  tolerably  full.  Mr.  DovER  remarked  that  the  ash  pit  should  be  covered,  and  that  there  should  be  an  opening  in  the  side.  Mr.  LEE  :  Where  you  get  water  you  get  an  agent  which  creates  oleaginous  gases  which  are  most  injurious  to  health.  If  you  get  a  covering  you  keep  in  the  foal  smells,  and  it  comes  up  the  seat  in  a  more  condensed  state  when  a  person  goes  in  ;  and  is  more  likely  to  be  prejudicial.  Parties  might  abuse  those  closets,  but  apparatus  could  be  made  so  that  it  could  not  be  injured.  They  might  make  dirty  work  of  it,  but  with  better  arrangements,  the  habits  of  the  people  them themselves  selves themselves  would  undoubtedly  improve  ;  and  this  had  been  found  to  be  the  case  everywhere  where  closets  had  been  tried.  Iu  Field-  lane,  St.  Giles's,  of  which  many  of  the  committee  may  have  heard,  closets  were  introduced  as  an  experiment,with  the  lowest  class  of  people,  those  wild  Irish,  who  were  as  bad  there  as  in  Liverpool  ;  and  for  a  long  time  there  was  an  ob obstruction  struction obstruction  in  the  way,  and  the  closets,  were  very  much  abused  ;  but  1  am  informed  the  habits  of  the  people  have  so  much  improved  for  many  months,  there  has  been  only  twice  occa occasion  sion occasion  to  pay  .  any  attention  to  them  at  all.  As  to  the  water,  it  was  a  mistake  that  ar  y  large  quantity  of  water  is  required  for  a  closet,  because,  if  the  closet  is  properly  conducted,  as  the  water  goes  off  with  a  flash,  from  two  quarts  to  a  gallon  would  suffice  after  One  person  had  used  it.  If  there  were  two  houses  to  one,  there  would  not  be  more  than  from  10  to  12  persons  using  it  in  a  day  ;  so  that  even  if  a  little  more  was  wasted,  the,  e  would  not  be  more  water  consumed  for  the  closet  than  was  ordinarily  provided  as  a  day's  supply  for  ono  individual.  'With  an  ordinary  size  of  closet,  from  12  to  20  gallons  per  day  would  be  the  utmost  limit  of  water  consumed.  This  had  been  one  of  those  fallacies  perpetuated  throughout  the  country,  so  that  water  companies  might  lay  on  a  large  charge  for  water  which  had  no  reference  to  the  quantity  consumed.  _  _  vv STYLE=superscript  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  said  that  although  the  mortality  might  be  high,  it  was  much  less  than  the  average  of  the  past  six  years.  On  receiving  the  minute  from  the  general  board  he  conceived  that  the  Inspector  was  to  come  down  to  inquire  into  the  unusually  high  rate  of  mortality  in STYLE=superscript  and  he  accordingly  wrote  to  the  Board  stating  that  they  were  in  error  in  supposing  that  the  mortality  here  was  unusually  high.  He  said  in  that  communication,  as  in  his  official  reports,  that  owing  to  the  severity  of  the  weather  the  mortality  from  long  diseases  was  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  high,  and  that  excluding  those  deaths'the  mortality  of  Liverpool  throughout  the  present  year  had  been  much  lower  than  the  average  of  deaths  for  the  past  six  years.  Mr.  HODSON  :  But  we  want  to  know  what  has  been  the  mortality  for  the  past  six  months  ?  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  :  I  don't  know  of  any  six  months  during  which  the  mortality  has  been  so  low  as  for  the  past  six  months.  Mr.  GODFREY  observed  that  it  would  seem  from  the  minute  that  the  general  board  conceived  Liverpool  was  now  in  a  very  unhealthy  state.  Mr.  M'Nicom,  observed  that  the  minute  had  reference  to  zymotic  diseases,  and  that  the  inspector's  visit  was  for  the  purpose  of  gleaning  information,  in  case  the  cholera  should  break  out  next  year.  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  :  That  was  not  the  meaning  of  the  letter  of  the  board  of  health  to  me  ;  it  spoke  of  the  annual  mortality  in  Liverpool  at  the  present  moment.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  :  It  was  stated  in  the  Lon London  don London  papers  by  a  misprint  that  eighteen  persons  had  died  here  of  cholera  in  one  day,  whereas  it  should  have  been  a  week.  Mr.  M‘Nicom,  :  But  the  mortality  here  may  be  still  very  high,  though  not  so  high  as  in  past  years.  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  :  Last  year  the  mortality  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  was  below  that  of  Manchestt  r.  Mr.  LEE  :  Manchester  being  near  the  highest  in  Eng England,  land, England,  the  meaning  of  the  words  excessively  has  reference  to  the  kingdom  at  large.  There  can  be  no  doubt,  without  the  slightest  wish  or  intention  to  depreciate  aught  that  this  committee  has  done—that  the  mortality  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  is  excessively  high,  as  compared  with  the  average  of  the  whole  kingdom.  Compare  it  with  London,  for  instance.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  :  It  is  scarcely  fair  to  com compare  pare compare  it  with  A  large  village  or  town  in  the  heart  of  the  coun country,  try, country,  but  compare  it  with  a  sea-port  similarly  situated  as  it  is  compare  it  with  Glasgow.  Mr.  LEE  :  I  do  not  knew  what  is  the  average  mortality  of  Glasgow,  as  the  system  of  registration  does  not  extend  to  it.  That  there  is  an  excessive  rate  of  mortality  here  cannot  be  denied,  but  it  must  be  due  to  some  causes.  These  causes  may  be  preventable,  or  they  may  not,  but  still  it  is  a  matter  of  inquiry,  whether  or  not  they  are  preventable,  and  to  what  extent.  At  the  same  time,  I  thought  I  had  said  to  the  com committee  mittee committee  what  would  be  sufficient  to  satisfy  them  that  my  mission  has  solely  reference  to  the  epidemic  districts,  and  not  any  interference  whatever  with  the  local  matters  of  Liverpool.  Mr.  HODSON  :  There  is  one  part  of  Mr.  Lee's  statement  to  which  I  must  demur,  and  I  am  very  anxious,  on  behalf  of  Liverpool,  that  it  should  not  go  to  the  world  uncontra uncontradieted.  dieted. uncontradieted.  Now,  I  must  demur  to  Mr.  Lee's  statement  as  to  the  excessive  mortality  of  Liverpool,  and  safely  put  it  in  comparison  with  either  Bristol,  Manchester,  Bolton,  Preston,  or  any  other  large  town  similarly  situate  to  it.  It  may  bo  perfectly  true  that  Liverpool  is  excessively  high  compared  with  the  agricultural  districts  ;  but  I  do  say  that  it  may  be  safely  compared  with  any  of  the  large  towns  which  I  have  mentioned.  Being  a  medical  man  myself,  I  have  taken  some  trouble  for  the  last  four  years,  since  I  became  a  mem member  ber member  of  this  committee,  to  collect,  from  various  sources,  the  average  rate  of  mortality  in  different  towns.  I  found  that  some  years  ago  Liverpool  was  a  very  unhealthy  town,  but  it  has  so  greatly  improved,  that  it  will  bear  comnarison  with  any  large  town  in  England,  not  excepting  London.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  There  is  one  matter  that  must  be  al always  ways always  taken  into  account,  and  that  is  the  great  amount  of  our  population  connected  with  vessels.  Mr.  BECKWITH  :  We  had  no  case  of  cholera  here  until  the  German  emigrants  brought  it  to  us.  Mr.  LEE  :  I  have  not  the  slightest  doubt  that  Liverpool  is  in  a  much  more  healthy  state  from  its  sanitary  measures  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
