text
"THE  _REV.  HUGH  S.  BROWN'S  LECTURES.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Brown  delivered  another  of  his  course  of  lectures  upon  the  religions  of  the  East,  in  the  Concert  Hall,  last  night.  The  subject  of  the  lecture  was  the  rise  and  pro progress  gress progress  of  the  Mahometan  religion.  In  opening  the  subject,  the  rev.  lecturer  described  the  geographical  position  and  extent  of  the  great  Arabian  country  in  which  the  founder  of  the  Mahomedan  creed  had  his  birth  and  promulgated  his  doctrines.  He  dwelt  upon  the  character  of  the  tribes  who  inhabited  those  regions  since  the  race  had  sprang  from  Ishmael,  of  whom  the  prophecy  had  gone  forth  before  his  birth  that  his  hand  should  be  against  every  man  and  the  hand  of  every  man  against  him.  The  indomitable  character  which  descended  to  the  children  of  the  desert  and  was  per perpetuated  petuated perpetuated  by  them,  was  illustrated  by  the  manner  in  which  they  had  held  their  country  against  every  conqueror  ;  how  they  had  resisted  the  approach  of  Cambyses,  and  held  them themselves  selves themselves  ready  to  dispute  the  dominion  of  their  native  wilds  with  Alexander  the  Great,  should  he  have  attempted  to  invade  them  ;  and  even  the  Romans,  although  under  Trojan  they  had  reached  the  head  of  the  Persian  Gulf,  they  never  were  permitted  to  do  more  than  touch  the  ex extreme  treme extreme  frontier  of  the  territories  of  Ishmael.  The  lecturer  then  spoke  of  the  early  religion  which  at  first,  as  was  natural  to  a  wild  and  unhoused  race,  was  merely  a  worship  of  the  heavenly  bodies,  but  which  gradually  was  led  to  confound  the  symbol  with  the  thing  signified,  and  from  revering  the  planets  as  the  signs  of  God,  and  as  what  they  belived  to  be  mediators  between  themselves  and  the  Deity,  degenerated  at  last  into  the  worship  of  idols.  He  then  spoke  of  the  well  of  Zem-zem,  which  stood  in  the  desert,  and  was  believed  to  possess  marvellous  properties  since  Hagar  laid  her  child  Ish Ishmael  mael Ishmael  beside  it.  Close  to  this  well  was  the  most  holy  temple  of  Arabia,  the  Caiba,  in  which  was  the  famous  black  stone  believe  to  have  been  endowed  by  God  with  the  attributes  ofy  a  guardian  angel.  This  spot  being  the  constant  resort  of  pilgrims,  the  lecturer  showed  how,  in  the  course  of  time,  habitations  began  to  spring  up  in  the  desert  around  it,  which  gradually  became  streets  and  squares,  until  the  great  city  of  Mecca,  the  birth-place  of  Mahomet  and  the  source  of  his  creed,  stood  upon  the  spot.  The  destruction  of  Jerusalem  by  the  army  of  Titus,  and  the  planting  of  the  Roman  gods  upon  the  spot,  consecrated  to  the  worship  of  Jehovah,  com compelled  pelled compelled  large  bodies  of  the  Jews  to  take  refuge,  fulfilling  the  prophecy  of  the  Scriptures  in  the  solitudes  of  the  desert.  A  number  of  the  native  tribes  became  proselytes  to  Judaism.  At  this  time  Arabia  was  also  visited  by  many  preachers  of  the  Gospel  of  Christ,  and  no  fewer  than  six  tribes,  and  por portions  tions portions  of  others,  embraced  that  faith.  But,  the  lecturer  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  explain,  corruptions,  superstitions,  and  asceticisms  crept  in  among  the  followers  of  that  faith,  until  under  the  delusion  that  their  acts  would  propitiate  the  God  who  they  declared  by  their  creed  had  been  propitiated  already,  they  performed  acts  of  irrational  mortification,  which  equalled,  if  they  did  not  surpass  in  extravagance,  the  wildest  fanatical  excesses  of  Indian  or  Chinese  religious  self-torment.  The  teachers  of  the  creed  differed  in  the  doctrines  they  taught,  and  the  wildest  delusions  began  to  be  introduced  under  the  name  of  Christianity.  From  this  condition  of  society  in  these  regions  an  opportunity  was  offered  for  one  who,  like  Mahomet,  came  forward  to  reduce  all  creeds  under  one  monotheistic  system.  Therefore,  the  lecturer  denied  that  there  was  any  truth  in  the  assertion  so  often  made  without  due  thought  that  Mahommedanism  had  gained  a  victory  over  Christianity  in  the  East.  Over  the  doctrines  of  Christ  in  their  true  form,  that  creed  had  never  gained  a  triumph,  but  it  had  overturned  in  the  East  the  stuffed  idol  which  had  been  set  up  in  the  place  and  under  the  name  of  Chris Christianity.  tianity. Christianity.  He  also  showed  that  the  Khoran  itself  contained  very  little  which  was  original,  and  that  its  teachings  were  principally  borrowed  from  what  Mahomet  had  learned  of  the  religions  of  Judaism  and  Christianity.  Entering  at  this  point  upon  the  life  of  Mahomet,  the  lecturer  detailed  the  circumstances  of  his  birth  and  education  under  the  old  idol idolatrous  atrous idolatrous  and  polytheistic  doctrines,  and  showed  how  his  mind  gradually  began  to  entertain  doubts  of  the  extravagant  creed  which  he  had  been  taught,  and  to  inquire  more  deeply  into  the  truth.  At  this  period  of  his  life,  the  lecturer  expresed  admiration  for  the  strong  mind  breaking  through  all  the  ties  of  family,  habits,  education,  and  interest,  and  seeking  out  a  creed  upon  which  his  reason  might  rest.  He  pointed  out  the  different  sources  from  which  he  might  have  derived,  in  his  early  days,  a  knowledge  of  the  Jewish  and  Christian  re religion,  ligion, religion,  and  through  this  means  easily  began  to  doubt  the  creed  of  his  ancestors.  It  was  said  that  Mahomet  had  been  a  curse  and  a  destruction  to  Eastern  Christendom  ;  but  he  reminded  his  hearers  how  Eastern  Christendom  had  cursed  itself,  and  how  its  own  hand  had  very  nearly  destroyed  it.  The  early  preaching  of  Mahomet  in  the  streets  of  Mecca,  and  to  the  pilgrims  arriving  in  the  city,  were  described  by  the  lecturer,  and  the  declaration  with  which  he  had  started,  but  subsequently  abandoned,  that  only  by  perseverance,  and  not  by  violence,  should  his  principles  be  spread.  The  lec lecturer  turer lecturer  then  adverted  to  his  assertions,  that  he  had  had  inter intercourse  course intercourse  with  Heaven  through  the  mediation  of  the  angel  Gabriel  ;  and  here  arose  the  first  question  in  the  mind  of  every  one  regarding  his  imposture.  These  assertions  might  have  been  the  result  of  fanatical  visien.,  as  it  woo  beyond  doubt  that  Mahomet  was  subject  to  fits  resembling  epilepsy,  and  might  have  received,  as  actual  occurrences,  the  visions  of  fov  et  ,and  CA  unay.  But  even  if  they  were  impostures,  the  lecturer  showed  that  similar  imposture  were  common  in  that  age,  even  among  the  teachers  of  Christianity  ;  and  while  he  did  not  seek  to  exculpate  Mahomet,  while  every  one  would  feel  that  imposture  of  whatever  kind  was  despicable  and  damnable.  The  entire  career  of  Mahomet  should  not  be  viewed  with  too  hasty  contempt,  nor  what  he  had  done  as  a  reformer,  if  not  a  religious  teacher,  be  entirely  over overlooked.  looked. overlooked.  The  lecturer  then  detailed  the  further  incidents  in  the  career  of  Mahomet,  his  flight  from  Mecca,  and  favour favourable  able favourable  reception  at  Medina  ;  the  numbers  which  surrounded  him;  his  total  abandonment  of  his  early  peaceful  declaration,  and  his  resort  to  arms,  declaring  that  he  was  sent  by  God  as  the  last  prophet,  and  ordered  to  subdue  by  the  sword.  From  this  period  to  his  final  return  as  a  prince  and  conqueror  to  his  native  city,  the  lecturer  unequivocally  condemned  his  career,  pointing  at  the  same  time,  to  the  many  examples  which  had  preceded  him  over  Christian  monarchs  who  endeavoured  to  establish  the  religion  they  professed  by  the  sword.  That  system  had  succeeded  with  the  Mahometan  creed  because  it  was  a  false  creed,  and  required  such  inter intervention  vention intervention  ;  but,  as  the  lecturer  showed,  it  had  even  failed  when  tried  by  Christians,  because  Christianity  was  the  true  creed,  and  looked  with  contempt  as  well  as  sorrow  upon  the  delusion  of  those  who  thought  to  assist  its  progress  by  bloodshed.  Having  traced  the  career  of  Mahomet  to  its  conclusion,  the  reverend  gentleman  announced  that,  upon  the  next  night  he  would  speak  of  the  Khoran,  examine  its  doctrines,  and  show  the  effect  which  they  had  produced.  Loud  bursts  of  applause  followed  the  conclusion  of  the  lecture.  From  the  London  Gazettee  of  last  night.  Commissions  signed  by  the  Lord  Lieutenant  of  the  County  Palatine  of  Lancaster.  4th  Royal  Lancashire  (Light  Infantry)  Militia—Ensign  Thomas  Byron  Whitehead  to  be  Lieutenant,  vice  Phibbs,  who  retires  ;  Nov.  7.  The  Artillery  Corps  of  the  Royal  Lancashire  Militia.—  Second  Lieutenant  John  Railton  to  be  First  Lieutenant  ;  Nov.  7.  Second  Lieutenant  William  Graham  Furnival,  to  be  First  Lieutenant;  Nov,  7.  Second  Lieutenant  John  Eneas  Deans  Campbell  to  be  First  Lieutenant  ;  Nov.  9.  BANKRUPTS.  John  Edward  Loader,  Mile  End,  builder.  Thomas  Cook  Millington,  Maldon,  Essex,  chemist.  John  Ready,  Holywell-street,  Shoreditch,  oilman.  WilliamWrenn,  Penge,  Surrey,  grazier  and  cattle  dealer.  John  Salter,  Whitechapel,  and  Ratcliffe-highway,  yeast  merchant.  Robert  Craigie  Hopekirk,  Exeter,  perfumer.  Charles  Robert  Roper,  ackney,  chemist.  James  Roberts,  Coal  Harbour,  Blackwall,  coal  and  timber  merchant.  James  Windeyer  Lewty,  Wilden,  Worcester,  William  Partridge,  Birmingham,  and  Edmund  Lewty,.  Stourport,  Worcester,  plate  workers.  AUSTRALIAN  ROYAL  MAIL  STEAM  PACKET  COMPANY.—  On  Monday  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  this  company  took  place  at  the  London  Tavern,  Bishopsgate Bishopsgatestreet,  street, Bishopsgatestreet,  for  the  purpose  of  resolving  the  time  required  for  the  tenure  of  shares  by  a  director  previous  to  his  election  from  the  period  of  six  consecutive  months  now  required  by  the  deed  of  settlement  to  the  period  of  ten  consecutive  days  next  preceding  his  election,  as  agreed  to  at  the  last  general  meeting,  and  since  sanctioned  by  the  Board  of  Trade;  and  so  far  as  may  be  requisite  in  relation  thereto,  annulling,  altering,  or  varying  the  existing  provi provivisions  visions provivisions  of  the  deed  of  settlement.  Also  for  the  purpose  of  appointing  new  directors,  appointing  an  auditor,  and  fixing  the  remuneration  of  directors  and  auditors.  Mr.  Frith  in  the  chair.  The  chairman  announced  that  an  application  had  been  made  to  the  Board  of  Trade,  and  that  a  result  was  a  conception  of  the  proposed  alteration  in  the  deed  of  settlement.  A  long  and  angry  discussion  took  place  respect respecting  ing respecting  the  election  of  seven  new  directors.  Ultimately  a  number  of  gentlemen  were  proposed  seriatim,  and  their  election  agreed  to  by  a  majority  present,  on  which  a  poll  was  demanded,  and  it  was  agreed  that  the  polling  should  be  proceeded  with  during  the  next  three  days,  and  that  the  meeting  be  adjourned  till  Friday,  to  ascertain  the  result  of  the  poll.  THE  CITY  OF  LONDON  CORPORATION  COMMISSION.—  Yesterday,  Mr.  John  Remington  Mills,  silk  manufacturer,  was  examined  before  the  city  corporation  commissioners,  and  amongst  other  statements  he  made  some  curious  dis disclosures  closures disclosures  as  to  the  doings  in  the  election  of  sheriffs.  In  an-  swer  to  a  question  from  Mr.  Lewis  '  one  of  the  commissioners,  he  observes  ;  — STYLE=superscript  Parties  who  want  to  be  sheriffs  employ  cor corrupt  rupt corrupt  means  to  have  themselves  appointed.  The  under-sheriffs  put  up  persons  who  are  willing  to  serve,  and  the  election  is  carried  by  the  longshore  men.  You  will  find  that  the  un under-sheriff's  der-sheriff's under-sheriff's  are  nearly  the  same  for  a  long  period  of  time.  In  the  years  1814-15  the  fines  for  refusing  to  serve  the  office  of  sheriff  amounted  to  £16,000  ;  and  it  was  stated  that  the  reason  why  this  sum  was  exacted  was  to  entertain  the  Emperor  of  Russia  and  other  foreign  potentates.  Now  Alderman  Challis,  when  he  served,  by  playing  his  cards  well  got  £2OO  out  of  the  £5OO  which  I  paid  for  refusing  .to  serve.  (Laughter.)  Up  to  1830,  the  fines  for  not  serving  the  office  of  sheriff  were  paid  into  the  general  fund  ;  bat  after  December,  1830,  the  fund,.  by  a  resolution  of  the  Common  Council,  was  devoted  to  improvements  in  chari charities  ties charities  and  other  purposes,  but  they  have  never  been  so  applied."
