text
"TIIE  . STYLE=superscript  PREPAID  QHARGI  PRESTON  f  ,-  or  10  We  o  r  60  •  Wi  piepaid.  Advertisess  will  do  well  to  remember  that  no  Advertisements,  however  short,  are  received  on  credit  under  2s  6d  each,  it  being  impossible  to•  open  accounts  for  such  small  sums  and  collect  the  amounts  without  an  extra  charge.  Parties  residing  out  of  Preston  may  rernit  atcounts  of  103  and  under  in  postage  stamps  •  above  that  amount  by  Post-office  ord  er  ,  d  e  d  uct  i  ng  cost  of  order.  ' STYLE=superscript  Agents  out  of  Preston  must  prepay  all  advertisements  which  they  wish  to  be  inserted  at  theprepaid  rates  otherwise  they  will  be  charged  credit  prices  GUARDIAN-OFFICE,  11.•FISHERGATE,  PRESTC  11(  NORTH  LANCASHIRE.  7+  HE-  -  PRESTON  CHRONICLE,  which  has  *been  •  established  upwards  of  40  years,  has  a  large  circulation  among  all'  classes  in  the  towns  of  Preston,  Blhaburn.  Darwen,  Clitherbe,  Accrington,  Psdih  am,  Haslingden,  Fleetword,  Kirkhain,  Poulton;  Blackpool,  - STYLE=superscript  LYtham,  Garstang,  ancasier,  Chor Chorley,  ley, Chorley,  Wikan;  Ormskirk,  Southport,  &amp;c.  &amp;c.,  a.  well  as  among  the  agrieultural  populatton'of  the  Fylde  and  West  Lancashire,  and  the  magistiiiey  arid  'gentry  o  f  t  h  e  ent  i  re  county,  especially  among  those  of  the  •northern'  division.'  The  is  thus  an  excellent  medium  for  advertisements,'  which  are  inserted  on  moderate  terms  s  the  wh:  le  amount  of  the  duty  being  allowed  to  the  public.  In  billet  to  afford  'facilities  to  . STYLE=superscript  a  Isre  class  whom  the  comparatively  high  prices  Of  advertisements  hav STYLE=superscript  e'hitherto  - STYLE=superscript  prohibited  from  availing  tl  selves  of  the  best  way  of  making-  'their  - STYLE=superscript  wants  known,  an  advertise advertisement  ment advertisement  in  the  n  e  wspaper  is  charged  only  ls.  6d.  for  advertisements  of  four  lima;  or  not  more  than  30  words  ;  •and  2s.  for  eight  linep,  or  60  words,  When  Paid  - STYLE=superscript  in  - STYLE=superscript  advance:  The  scale  of-words  is  adopted  to  allow  persons  at  - STYLE=superscript  a  distance  to  accompany  thel  orders  f  or  a  d  vert  i  se  ..  ments  with  remitta:nces  of  postage  stamvs.  Several  _  small  adiertisenients  others  keeping  tY  befOre  the  public,  we  at,  ._  scale  of  charges  fOrsuekadvert  meir  addre  sses  or  other  •  advanCe"
