text
"FIODAY  LIVERPOOI  CHARGE  OF  STEALING  MONEY  FROM  A  TILL.  Yesterday,  William  O'Brien  was  brought  forward  on  a  charge  of  stealing  about  four  pounds,in  silver,  from  a  till  in  the  vaults  of  Ellen  Pickup,  of  Everton  village.  Prosecutrix  stated  that  this  man,  with  three  others,  came  into  •  her  house  on  Tuesday  morning.  The  prisoner  called  for  two-pennyworth  of  whiskey  —hot,  and  prosecutrix  was  obliged  to  leave  her  bar  in  order  to  get  the  necessary  On  her  return,  she  missed  a  bag  of  silver  from  her  till,  which  she  had  seen  there  the  moment  before.  Mr.  Bluck,  solicitor,  appeared  for  the  prisoner,  and  upon  cross-examination  elicited  the  fact,  that  at  the  same  time  there  was  a  man  drinkin  -  •  bar,  who  would  have  to  pass  tl  money.  O'Brien  was  remanded  for  a  wee  STEALING  A  Box  OF  ENVELOPFS.  —ln  the  c  Irawer  contamm;  Smith,  remanded  on  Tuecday,  on  a  cha  of  envelopes  from  50,  Castle-stn  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions  ATTEMPT  AT  STREET  ROBBERY.-  of  colour,  charged  Robert  William,  John  Williamsc  that  he  had,  at  unprovoked  mann  to  steal  his  watch  and  hat.  tusion  on  his  cheek.  The  ma  him  for  the  assaul  committed  ROBBING  AN  EMPLOYER  .ed  by  his  master,  _I  quarter  James'  market,  with  ret  had  bec  took  it  out  of  hi  4  hand  himself  he  had  taken  it.  There  were  teen  days  :Accom  Hartlycroft  was  Jr.  Charles  Littleton.  of  St.  the  till  James  Jovc  the  detective  force,  on  _  Shaw  in  the  street  robbery  on  a  veterinaz  i  ported  in  this  paper  of  yesterday,  was  fully  dentifi(  gentleman  as  one  of  the  persons  who  held  him  w  robbed.  He  was  fully  committed  for  trial.  Does  ROBBERY.--lames  Mason  was  brou  'ed  with  haN  t  six  o'clock.  chat,  day  morning,  in  Sandon  ,  5  weight  of  composition  nails.  Calhouse,  said  that  a  quanti  being  used  in  coppering  his  ship;  but  he  could  not  positiv(  identify  those  produced.  Prisoner,  who  had  been  convict  of  a  similar  charge  in  March  last,  was  committed  prison  for  three  months.  —Joseph  Mathews;  A  LODGER  ing  Yankee  seaman,  witl  &amp;c.,  was  charged  by  a  v  with  stealing  from  her  hous  Mrs.  Davis  said  th  and  supposinb  she  had  taken  him  in  mode]  ....ger,  however,  turn,—  kir,  on  pretence  of  going  up  to  his  bed-room,  he  robbeu  wearing  apparel  to  a  large  amount,  and  also  decamped  with  a  suit  of  clothes  belonging  to  another  inmate.  In  addition  to  all  this,  the  dandy  gentleman  had  given  her  an  American  shipping  note,  on  which  she  had  advanced  him  £2  10s.,  which  she  now  found  was  of  no  use  to  her.  The  case,  which  Tented  a  very  hard  one,  was  remanded.  widow  lady,  named  Mary  Jane  Day  [he  lo(  's  were  only  let  to  man  to  be  creme  de  la  TREATING  A  FRIEND  WITH  RESPECT.—Mary  Ruff(  masculine  looking  Irish  woman,  was  charged  with  steal  two  pounds  from  Mary  Sidley,  in  a  grocer's  shop,  in  M  bone.  The  complainant  said,  that  notwithstanding  present  relative  situations,  she  had  treated  prisoner  all  with  the  g,reatest  respect.  In  her  anxiety  to  continue  to  ao  so,  she  called  to  her  on  Tuesday,  having  gc  amount  two  pounds,  from  old  irreverently  termed  her  husband,  and  took  to  treat  her  with  respect,  but  also  with  soi  deemed  more  palatable.  They  accordingly  had  fo  half  glasses  of  whiskey  together,  and  afterwards  adjourned  to  a  grocer's  shop  where  this  ungrateful  friend,  forgetful  of  all  the  respect  shown  her,  had  robbed  complainant,  not  onlyof  her  money,  but  of  every  thing  on  her  person,  even  to  her  small  tooth  Prisoner  I  admit  you  wor  always  a  good  ould  neighbour  ;  and  in  troth  you  offered  me  brandy,  but  sure  whiskey  was  good  enough  for  the  likes  of  me  ;  four  half  glasses  we  had,  sure  enough,  and  I'll  never  deny  the  goodness  of  The  officer  stated  that  he  had  found  twenty  shillings  in  silver  in  the  prisoner's  hand  ;  as  to  the  other  money  mentioned,  he  could  say  nothing  of  it.  Prisoner  :  That  was  the  change.  I  went  to  change  a  sovereign  to  oblige  her,  and  I  was  bringing  it  back,  safe  in  my  hand.  The  case  was  dismissed,  and  the  complainant  departed,  saying  she  was  yet  willing  to  treat  Mrs.  Mary  Ruffe  with  every  somewhat  STEALING  ROPES—Sohn  Crowley,  convicted  of  stealing  ropes  on  Tuesday  from  Mr.  Gee's  warehouse,  in  Hargrave  Buildings,  was  sentenced  to  two  months'  imprisonment.  SEAMAN'S  WAGES.—The  case  of  the  sailor,  Thomas  Yorke,  against  the  captain  of  the  Medina,  for  a  balance  of  wages,  which  was  reported  in  this  journal  of  Saturday,  was  again  called  on  yesterday,  for  the  production  of  the  articles  of  agreement,  but  received  a  second  adjournment,  until  the  ar arrival  rival arrival  of  the  captain,  which  will  be  in  about  two  months."
