text
"THE  COURT.  WINDSOR,  DEC.  25.—The  Queen  and  the  Prince,  the  Prince  of  Wales,  the  Princess  Royal,  and  Princess  Alice,  the  la  dies  and  gentlemen  of  the  Court  and  the  domestic  house household,  hold, household,  attended  divine  service  this  morning  in  the  private  chapel  of  the  Castle.  The  Duchess  of  Kent  was  also  at  the  service.  The  Hon.  and  Rev.  G.  Wellesley  officiated,  and  ad administered  ministered administered  the  holy  sacrament.  His  Highness  Prince  Leopold  of  Saxe  Coburg  and  suite  arrived  at  Mivart's  Hotel,  on  Saturday,  from  Germany,  en  route  to  Windsor  Castle,  on  a  visit  to  his  illustrious  relatives,  the  Queen  and  the  Prince  Consort.  The  Earl  of  Clarendon  returned  to  London  on  Saturday,  from  Windsor.  Castle.  It  is  reported  that  either  the  Earl  of  Radnor  or  the  Earl  of  Albermarle  will  succeed  the  Duke  of  Norfolk  as  Lord  Steward,  his  Grace's  health  not  being  equal  to  the  duties.  The  Earl  and  Countess  of  Derby  are  seeing  company  at  Knowsley.  The  health  of  the  noble  earl  has  of  late  greatly  imprcved.  The  preliminaries  for  the  union  of  the  Hon.  Harriet  Han Hanbury,  bury, Hanbury,  eldest  daughter  of  the  late  Lord  Bateman,  with  George  Dashwood,  E  sq  .,  l  a  t  e  C  ap  t  a  i  n  i  n  the  71st  Foot,  and  second  son  of  Sir  George  Dashwood,  Bart.,  of  Kirtlington  Park,  Oxfordshire,  have  been  completed.—Hereford  Tunes.  On  Christmas-day,  the  boys  in  the  Blue  Coat  hospital  school,  were  each  regaled  with  their  usual  treat  of  mince mincepies  pies mincepies  ;  and  yesterday,  a  holiday  was  given  them,  when  a  gentleman  belonging  to  the  committee  liberally  presented  a  plentifully  supply  of  fruit.  For  this  kindness,  the  boys  expressed  their  grateful  acknowledgments.  MIDNIGHT  MASS.—Amongst  the  numerous  cases  brought  before  the  magistrates  yesterday,  under  the  charge  of  being  drunk  and  was  Mary  Jackson,  who,  it  was  alleged,  had  created  a  disturbance  at  Copperas-hill  Catholic  Chapel,  during  the  midnight  mass,  which  took  pl  ace  th  ere  on  Saturday  night.  Th  e  defendant,  in  her  defence,  stated  she  went  to  the  chapel  for  the  purpose  of  attending  the  ser service,  vice, service,  but  as  th  ey  oontanaoa  Oonic  ILLUIIey  sue  refused  - STYLE=superscript  to  give  tt  to:  hear  the  word  of  God,  and  was  given  into  custody.  The  magistrate  fined  the  defendant  5s  for  annoying  the  con congregation,  gregation, congregation,  upon  which  she  said  she  would  never  attend  such  a  place  again.  CHRISTMAS  CHEER  TO  THE  POOR  IN  MANCHESTER  WORSHOUSE.—On  Christmas  day  the  inmates  of  the  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  workhouse,  to  the  number  of  about  1250,were  plenti plentifully  fully plentifully  regaled  with  an  excellent:dinner  of  roast  beef  and  plum  pudding.  To  each  person  a  moderate  supply  of  ale  was  sere  ed  out,  and  all  seemed  to  enjoy  to  the  utiriost,  and  with  the  most  grateful  feelings,  the  repast  provided  for  them  at  this  festive  season  by  their  considerate  and  philanthropic  benefactors.  The  Ursula  ship  left  the  Mersey  yesterday  for  Para,  having  on  . STYLE=superscript  board  40  male  passengers,  including  four  en engineers,  gineers, engineers,  who  are  to  be  employed  on  the  railway  about  to  be  constructed  at  Para.  They  were  all  on  board.  on  Sunday,  and  there  partook  of  a  substantial  Christmas  dinner,  upplied  from  the  Mans  ion  House  Hotel.  CAPTAIN  NORTON—RIPLE-SHOOTING.—Thi  S  gentleman,  who  had  laid  claim  to  the  invention  termed  the  Minie  rifle  ball,  writes  the  following  challenge  through  the  Cork  papers  :  —My  late  experiments,  with  my  elongated  rifle-shot,  rifle  percussion-shell,  and  rifle  fire-shot  or  spinster,  fired  from  my  rifle  canon,  were  so  successful,  that  I  now  challenge  to  the  contest  all  spherical  shot  and  spherical  percussion-sh  e  ll  s  ,  however  great  the  secre  o  f  t  h  e  latter,  and  I  have  no  doubt  but  that  I  shall  beat  them  in  the  three  great  essentials  of  range,  accuracy  of  flight,  an  d  certa  i  nty  of  explosion  on  striking  the  object.  Also,  that  my  rifle  fire-shot,  or  spinster,  will  beat  the  rocket,  bombs,  and  carcasses,  as  well  as  all  the  other  projectiles  for  incendiary  purposes.  The  three  abeve abevementioned  mentioned abevementioned  projectiles  are  forwarded  to  the  U.  S.  Institution,  Scotland-yard,  London.  GUANO  DEPOSITS.  --Dr.  Peacock,  F.R.G.S.,  of  South Southampton,  ampton, Southampton,  who  has  visited  the  shore  of  Peru  exploring  the  guano  deposits  supplies  the  following  information  which  seems  more  favorable  than  that  of  the  admiral  on  the  sta station  tion station  :—I  estimated  in  1844  that  the  quantity  remaining  on  the  northern  island  alone,  was  at  least  ten  million  of  tons;  although  it  had  been  worked  by  the  Indians  from  time  im immemorial,  memorial, immemorial,  and  although  a  very  large  quantity  had  been  removed  since  the  permission  of  its  first  exportation  to  Europe  in  1841,  besides  the  immense  quantities  that  had  been  used  by  the  Peruvian  farmers  since  the  conquest.  At  this  time  (1844)  I  measured  the  cliff  of  pure  guano  lying  in  a  north-east  and  south-west  direction,  where  it  h  a  d  b  een  worked  in  upon  from  the  north-west  verge  of  the  rocky  basement  towards  the  middle  ridge  of  the  island,  I  found  it  to  be  85  feet  perpendicular,  and  I  calculated  that  by  the  time  the  workings  has  reached  the  summit  or  crown  of  the  hill  it  would  be  at  least  100  feet  in  section  to  the  rocky  base,  all  pure  guano.  I  did  not  examine  the  other  two  islands,  merely  landing  on  them,  the  deposits  there  not  having  at  that  time  been  opened  upon  ;  but  Senor  Villa,  who  examined  them  in  1842,  declared  that  they  contained,  in  his  opinion,  considerably  larger  quantities  than  the  north northern  ern northern  island,  the  middle  oue  being  the  largest  of  the  three.  A  rough  estimate  was  formed  that  from  40  to  50  millions  of  tons  existed  on  this  group.  Senor  Don  Francisco  de  Rivera,  the  late  charge  d'affaires  of  Peru  in  London,  found  that  valleys  filled  with  guano  to  the  level  of  the  sur surrounding  rounding surrounding  hill  of  this  material,  upwards  of  120  feet  in  depth,  existed  in  the  Chincha  group,  and  that  the  quantity  might  be  said  to  be  inagotable,  or  practically  inexhaustible,  during  the  present  gene  r  ati  on  .  l  am  th  ere  f  ore  i  nc  li  ned  to  think,  with  all  due  deference  to  Admiral  Moresby's  report,  that  Mr.  M'lntosh  may  be  mistaken  in  his  calculation.  However,  independent  of  these  immense  deposits  on  the  Chincha  Group,  the  Lobos,  Guanape,  Huaura,  and  other  islands  upon  the  north-west  coast  of  Peru  were  estimated  by  me  to  contain  some  five  millions  of  tons  of  it,  at  the  least;  whilst  that  truly  wonderful  sugar-loaf  shaped  peninsula,  the  Pavilion  de  Pica,  in-  the  province  of  Tarapaca,  still  contains  some  four  millions  of  tons  :  and  whilst  the  Huanillas,  Chipana,  Punta  Lobos,  and  other  known  guaneros  on  the  south  coast  of  Peru,  between  Iquique  and  the  river  Loa,  contain  some  four  or  five  millions  more  amongst  them.  Thus,  independent  of  the  Chinchas,  there  are  some  thirteen  or  fourteen  millions  of  tons  of  this  invaluable  manure  still  known  to  exist,  and  I  am  therefore  of  opinion  that  the  holders  of  Peruvian  stock  need  be  under  no  apprehension  of  their  guarantee  falling  .  short  whilst  the  demand  for  this  indispensable  article  remains  practically  inexhaustible,  as  I  firmly  b  e  lie  ve  w  i  th  Senores  Rivera  and  Villa,  it  to  be.  It  may  be  said  that  some  of  these  deposits  cannot  be  worked,  owing  to  the  difficulty  of  approach  from  the  constant  rolling  swell  of  the  Pacific,  but  while  in  Peru,  I  invented  machinery  called  flying  purposely  for  shipping  guano  from  any  one  of  the  deposits  enumerated,  which  was  practi practically  cally practically  tested  in  1840  and  in  1845.  One  of  these  railways  has  been  recently  prepared  in  London,  nearly  three-quarters  of  a  mile  in  length,  under  the  superintendence  of  Messrs.  Liddell  and  Gordon,  engineers,  Westminster,  and  sent  out  to  the  coast  of  Peru.  INQUEST.—BRUTAL  CONDUCT.  -_A  coroner's  inquest  was  held  on  Monday,  at  the  Wheat  Sheaf,  Wakefield-road,  Bradford,  on  the  body  of  a  male  child,  belonging  to  Mary  Hollins,  a  married  woman.  From  the  evidence  it  appeared  that  about  one  o'clock  on  Saturday  morning  last,  as  police-constable  Holmes  was  on  duty  in  Queen-street,  Broomfields,  he  met  a  woman  carrying  a  bundle,  and  inquired  wh  a  t  s  h  e  h  a  d  got  i  n  it.  She  a  t  fi  rst  re  f  use  d  to  tell,  but  upon  his  insisting,  she  related  a  tale  of  wretchedness  and  misery  sufficient  to  cause  the  blood  to  curdle  in  one's  veins.  She  informed  him  that,  while  at  the  lodging  of  a  friend,  she  had  been  taken  in  labor,  and  delivered  of  a  male  child,  which  the  brutal  occupant  of  the  house,  named  John  Ball,  threw  out  into  the  street,  and  immediately  after  drove  herself  out  also.  Holmes  then  informed  Sergeant  Laycock  of  Mrs.  Hollins'  statement,  and  set  out  immediately  for  Ball's  house,  which  was  a  perfect  den  of  filth.  After  some  searching  the  body  of  the  child  was  found  covered  with  mud  and  dirt.  A  surgeon  was  then  sent  for,  who  did  all  in  his  power  to  alleviate  the  sufferings  of  the  poor  woman.  He  examined  the  body  of  the  child,  and,  in  evidence  at  the  inquest,  stated  that  in  his  opinion  the  child  had  been  still-born,  and  that  was  the  result  of  priva privation  tion privation  and  want.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  in  accordance  with  that  opinion.  The  husband  of  Mrs.  Hollins,  it  appears,  left  this  c  o  u  n  t  r  y  f  or  A  mer  i  ca  i  n  June  last,  and  she  has  never  heard  anything  of  him  since  that  time.  •He  left  her  in  com complete  plete complete  want,  and  she  has  since  continued  in  that  state  having  been  scarcely  able  to  soul  and  body  by  the  scanty  earnings  she  occasionally  made  as  a  charwoman.  She  had  applied  to  the  board  of  guardians  on  Friday  week,  to  be  admitted  into  the  union  workhouse,  but  was  refused  any  assistance.  The  poor  woman,  at  the  point  of  starvation  and  on  the  eve  of  her  confinement,  having  been  thus  rejected  by  them  whose  duty  it  was  to  relieve  her  in  her  critical  and  delicate  situation,  turned  away  to  beg  a  pittance  from  some  of  her  acquai  n  t  ances  ;  an  d  i  t  was  in  the  lodging  of  one  of  them,  a  niece  of  her  own,  that  she  was  delivered  of  her  child.  We  do  think  that  guardians  might  sometimes  look  into  cases  of  this  nature  with  some  degree  of  care  so  that  the  narra narration  tion narration  of  distres  s  i  ng  occurrences  o  f  this  kind  might  be  spared  the  ears  of  the  inhabitants  of  a  civilised  and  Christian  country.  TIER  MAJESTY'S  VISITS  TO  PA  RLIA  111  ENT.  THB  ROYAL  SA  L  UTE.  —lt  having  been  determined  that  in  future,  on  those  occasions  when  her  most  gracious  majesty  shall  viei  tho  House  of  Parliament  for  the  purpose  of  inaugurating  the  session,  or  for  the  prorogation  of  the  sittings,  that  the  royal  salute  shall  be  fired  in  St,  James's  Park,  the  necessary  ar arrangements  rangements arrangements  were  yesterday  completed  for  conveying  the  signal  from  the  lobby  of  the  Victoria  Tower  to  the  lodge  facing  the  Horse  Guards  by  electricity.  The  submarine  telegraph  cent.  pany  having  been  applied  to,  they  have  carried  out  the  neces necessary  sary necessary  operations  for  connecting  the  two  pdints.  The  wires  run  from  the  Park  to  the  foot  of  the  staircase  leading  up  to  the  royal  gallery  in  the  House  of  Lords.  The  instrument  by  which  the  telegraph  is  worked  is  here  placed  in  a  niche,  while  in  a  chamber  below  are  deposited  the  batteries  necessary  for  pro produring  during produring  the  current  of  electricity.  There  will  be  two  signals  given  —one  to  make  ready  as  her  majesty  approaches  the  house,  and  the  other  to  fire  as  she  enters.  The  royal  salute  is  usually  fired  on  the  Queen  setting  foot  in  the  house,  and  hitherto  it  has  been  discharged  from  the  yard  of  Mr.  Serle,  the  boat-  Wunder,  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  river.  The  system  of  signalling  was  then  found  to  be  very  unsatisfactory  —on  e  party  !laving  to  be  stationed  in  the  lobby,  who  communicated  with  a  second  at  the  foot  of  the  Victoria  Tower,  who  in  turn  signalled  a  third  person  placed  on  the  summit  of  the  tower,  by  whom  a  flag  was  waved,  and  thus  an  intimation  was  conveyed  to  the  gunners  in  the  boat  yard.  To  obviate  this  unnecessary  delay,  and  occupation  of  so  many  persons,  the  agency  of  the  electric  telegraph  has  beau  called  into  operation."
