text
"LONDON  PRODUCE  MARKET.-SATURDAY.  SUGAR.—horeign  sells  freely  ;  prices  are  fully  supported.  Refined  :  much  wanted  for  home  consumption  ;  brown  lumps  445.  COFFEE.  —Brisk,  Native,  48s  to  48s  6d  ;  Plantation,  58s  to  745.  RICE.  —ln  active  demand  ;  ➢Madras,  13s  3d  to  14s;  white  Bengal,  14s  to  15s  6d.  TEA  is  rather  cheaper.  Sales  small.  INDlGO—Little  doing,  but  East  India  is  not  cheaper.  CO  CHINEAL—There  is  a  large  business  at  full  prices.  CorroN.—Little  passing,  but  no  decline.  TALLOW—  Prices  are  wed  maintained,  and  the  demand  good.  LIVERPOOL  PRODUCE  MARKET.—SATURDAY.  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northery  Daily  Times.)  As  usual  on  Saturday,  the  produce  markets  have  been  par partially  tially partially  closed,  but  there  continues  a  good  demand  for  SUGA.R,  and  although  the  sales  are  not  generally  reported,  yet  we  hear  that  8.)0  bags  of  dates  have  been  taken,  at  32s  to  32s  9d  and  a  cargo  (13,000  mats)  has  been  sold  afloat,  but  the  exact  terms  have  not  transpired.  Some  sales  have  also  been  made  in  SALTPETRE.  With  these  exceptions  little  has  been  done.  CorroN—This  has  been  a  quiet  day  in  the  cotton  market,  the  sales  not  exceeding  5,000  bales,  of  which  about  1,000  have  been  taken  for  speculation  and  export.  There  was  no  change  in  prices.  A  child  was  burned  to  death  in  Belfast,  on  Thursday  last,  having  been  left  in  a  room  without  any  guardian.  On  Friday  another  collision  occurred  on  the  Great  North Northern  ern Northern  Railway,  at  Crosby,  near  Carlisle.  Damage  was  done  to  the  carriages,  but  no  life  lost.  .  _  THE  EMIGRATION  RAGE.-A  young  girl  named  Bridget  Conry  was  brought  up  at  the  Dublin  police-office  for  having  stolen  81.  from  her  uncle,  in  Roscommon.  When  taken,  she  was  en  route  to  America.  A  few  days  since,  Thomas  Wilson,  a  seaman  on  board  the  Prince  of  Wales,  at  Belfast,  had  his  foot  injured  by  the  machinery,  and  it  has  in  consequence  been  amputated  in  port.  GLASGOW  AND  BRISTOL.—Steam  communication  is  about  to  be  established  between  Clyde  and  Bristol.  Two  screw  steamers,  the  Brigand  and  Corsair,  will  be  placed  on  the  station  early  in  January.  AN  INCORRIGIBLE.—  A  shoemaker,  named  Hugh  Grant,  who  has  been  fifteen  times  previously  convicted  of  assaults,  was  again  convicted  on  Friday,  at  the  Eastern  police-court,  Glasgow.  THE  —The  accident  to  this  steamer,  which  occurred  on  Thursday  evening  last,  as  she  left  for  New  York,  at  the  tail  of  the  Bank,  Clyde,  will  not  lead  to  serious  de detention.  tention. detention.  A  seaman,  named  Sloane,  was  dro.vned.  SCARCITY  OF  SEAMEN.—A  letter  from  Qaebec  to  Glasgow,  dated  Nov.  23d,  says  There  are  now  in  this  port,  ready  to  sail,  at  least  45  vessels,  40  of  which  are  not  yet  loaded.  Sailors'  wages  are  £22  10s.,  cash  d  ,, STYLE=superscript  wn  in  silver,  the  moment  the  vessel's  anchor  is  SUSPICIOUS  CASE.—  On  Saturday  the  body  of  a  man  with  part  of  his  clothes  and  his  hat  on,  was  found  buried  within  a  few  inches  of  the  surface  of  Saintfield  church  yard,  near  Belfast.  The  inhabitants  speak  of  a  rich  horse-dealer  who  disappeared  suddenly  about  14  years  ago,  and  was  supposed  to  have  been  murdered.  LAUNCH  AT  GREENOCIL—At  twelve  o'clock  on  Thursday,  a  remarkably  fine  iron  two-masted  screw  steamer  was  launched  from  the  building-yard  of  Messrs.  Scott  and  Com Company,  pany, Company,  Cartsdyke.  She  was  named  the  Amalfi,  and  is  the  property  of  the  Steam  Navigation  Company  of  the  Two  Sicilies.  The  Amalfi  is  620  tons,  and  will  be  driven  by  two  engines  of  120  horse  power  :  and  she  is  intended  to  ply  between  Naples  and  other  Mediterranean  ports.—North  British  Mail.  Lloyd's  agents  have  received  information  that  a  vessel  is  on  shore  on  Hartley  Baits.  The  crew  is  saved.  The  bottom  of  a  vessel  has  come  ashore  among  the  rocks  near  South  Shields  this  morning,  but  there  is  every  reason  to  believe  it  belonged  to  a  clipper  vessel  named  the  Admiral,  which  got  A STYLE=superscript  ashore  near  Marsden  about  a  week  ago,  and  which  must  have  been  dislodged  from  the  sand  and  driven  north  by  the  gale  of  last  night.  b  —  r  i  O  d  g  n  e  ,  S  a  a  t  l  u  o  r  n  d  g  a  yi:i  twith  Patrick  a  c  companion  i  lli  p  a  'C  n  i  u  o  e  n  ,  a  laborer  from  Glasgow,  went  into  the  house  o  f  J  ames  Gardne  r,:pl  m  spirit-dealer,  cE  cNoat.  to  get  some  drink.  During  their  stay  they  ..,,.0,*,,  f„,aj.  0..  .1.1„8  4,,,  1,,..„  ~,..ue,  I  had  imbibed  of  the  apartment.  Strange  to  say  his  companionitolittr  fire  left  him  without  mentioning  the  occurrence  to  any  one.'  17.!  stench  arising  from  the  burning  some  time  after  led  the  in inmates  mates inmates  of  the  house  to  examine  the  room,  where  they  found  the  unfortunate  man  lying  on  the  fire  frightfully  roasted.  He  was  removed  on  Sabbath  to  the  hospital  belonging  to  the  New  Monkland  poorhouse,  where  he  lies  in  a  hopeless  state.—N.  B.  Mail.  AWKWARD  BLUNDER.—The  parties  interested  in  two  events,  of  which  it  was  of  importance  to  give  notice  to  the  public  as  about  to  take  place—one  a  sermon,  and  the  other  the  sale  of  a  soda  water  machine—had  placards  duly  pre prepared  pared prepared  last  Saturday  in  Greenock,  and  entrusted  to  the  same  hero  of  the  paste  brush  for  distribution,  part  of  whose  duty  it  was  to  enclose  one  of  the  sermon  bills  to  the  ministers  in  town,  to  be  announced  at  the  close  of  the  afternoon  service.  The  bills  being  alike  in  size,  he  did  not  distinguish  with  suf sufficient  ficient sufficient  cuteness  between  them,  and  a  sale  bill  was  handed  up  and  duly  opened  by  one  of  the  ministers  just  before  the  bene benediction,  diction, benediction,  but  he  wisely  glanced  his  eye  over  it  before  begin beginning  ning beginning  to  read,  and  so  avoided  the  awkwardness  which  must  have  followed.—North  British  Mail.  SINGULAR  AND  SUDDEN  DEATH  OF  A  FARM  LABORER.—  On  Thursday  evening,  Mr.  Rutter,  one  of  the  coroners  for  the  county,  held  an  inquest,  at  Boothstown,  near  Worsley,  on  view  of  the  body  of  John  Hall,  a  farm  labourer,  30  years  of  age,  residing  at  Redford,  whose  death  took  pace  under  the  circumstances  narrated  below  :—At  two  o'clock  on  Tuesday  afternoon,  the  deceased  ascended  a  hay  stack,  in  a  field  at  Boothstown,  for  the  purpose  of  cutting  some  hay,  taking  with  him  his  cutting  knife.  On  reaching  the  top,  he  found  that  the  hay  was  loose,  and  on  trying  to  get  up  his  knife  fell  to  the  ground.  '  Unfortunately,  the  knife  fell  with  the  blade  upwards,  and  immediately  afterwards  the  deceased  also  fell  upon  the  knife,  by  which  one  of  his  thighs  was  nearly  severed.  Blood  flowed  from  the  wound  most  pro profusely,  fusely, profusely,  and  the  poor  man  died  in  a  few  minutes  afterwards.  Verdict—Accidental  death.  The  deceased  has  left  a  widow  and  one  child.  THE  EASTERLY  GALE.—TYNESIOUTH,  FRIDAY,  NOON:  A  fearful  gale  of  wind  from  the  east  broke  over  the  coast  of  Northumberland  yesterday  afternoon,  and  the  sea  rose  with  tremendous  violence.  The  storm  has  raged  all  night.  For Fortunately  tunately Fortunately  there  were  but  few  vessels  on  the  coast,  the  prin principal  cipal principal  portion  of  the  colliers  that  left  here  a  week  ago  having  found  a  shelter  either  in  Leith  roads  or  the  Humber  two  or  three  days  before.  A  little  brig  named  the  Sylph,  in  taking  Tynemouth  bar,  was  overwhelmed  in  a  tremendous  sea,  and  for  a  short  time  it  was  thought  she  was  gone,  with  her  crew,  to  the  bottom  ;  but  shortly  she  reappeared,  though  evi evidently  dently evidently  in  a  disabled  condition—she  unshipped  her  rudder  and  nearly  filled  her  with  water.  The  South  Shields  lifeboat  immediately  put  out  to  her  assistance,  and  got  to  her  just  as  she  was  approaching  the  dangerous  reef  named  the  Black  Middens,'  the  crew  being  in  a  helpless  condition  in  the  fore forerigging,  rigging, forerigging,  and  in  danger  every  moment  of  going  down  with  the  sinking  ship.  The  South  Shields  pilots  in  the  lifeboat,  fortunately,  grappled  the  forepart  of  the  vessel,  and  her  crew  ware  enabled  to  drop  from  the  bowsprit  of  the  vessel  into  the  lifeboat,  and  were  saved.  The  vessel  drove  in  among  the  reeks  near  the  Old  shortly  afterwards,  and  this  morning  hardly  a  vestige  of  her  remains.  MARRIAGE  OF  A  YOUNG  WOMAN  TO  HER  SISTER.-11l  the  small  village  of  J—h,  on  the  borders  of  this  county,  there  lives  a  young  man,  Mr.  S—,  who  has,  for  the  last  four  or  five  years,  been  courting  a  young  woman,  Miss  F—,  who  teaches  a  school  fur  Miss  C--  in  that  neigh neighbourhood.  bourhood. neighbourhood.  The  two  young  people  had  agreed  to  get  mar married,  ried, married,  but  the  young  woman's  father  and  the  groom  expec expectant  tant expectant  differed  as  to  the  amount  of  dowry  she  was  to  receive,  and  the  match  was  broken  off.  Previous  to  this,  however,  an  improper  intimacy  had  been  carried  on  between  the  parties,  from  which  Miss  F—  proved  enciente,  and  was,  a  few  days  since,  delievered  of  a  child,  and  from  shame,  or  fear  of  being  expelled  the  school,  she  and  her  friends  set  their  wits  to  work,  and  with  what  effect  you  may  imagine,  when  I  tell  you  that,  a  few  weeks  previous  to  her  confine confinement,  ment, confinement,  an  elder  sister,  disguised  as  a  young  man.  and  having  flannel  round  her  jaws,  with  the  heroine  of  the  tale,  started  off  to  the  Registrar's  office  where  the  elder  sister  personi personified  fied personified  the  absent  lover—and  the  indissoluble  knot  was  tied  Subsequently,  W.  S  having  heard  it  rumored  through  the  country,  that  at  such  a  time  and  place  he  had  been  united  in  the  bonds  of  matrimony,  with  the  object  of  his  early  affec affection,  tion, affection,  proceeded  to  make  inquiry  at  the  ttegistrar's  office,  and  found  that  a  couple  of  the  same  name  had  been  married  at  the  time  stated..  Upo  .  further  interrogating  the  Registrar,  he  was  informed  that  the  young  man  had  flannel  round  his  jaws,  and  that  upon  the  Registrar  having  asked  the  groom  why  he  had  so  lung  delayed  getting  married,  he  stated  that  it  was  on  account  of  his  having  had  a  sore  throat.  Miss  F  ,  however,  has  since  confessed  the  deception  played  off  upon  the  Registrar;  and  Mr.  S  having  been  ad advised  vised advised  to  get  married  to  Miss  F  in  reality,  replied  with  a  heartlessness  that  must  be  reprehended,  that  she,  having  been  irrevocably  united  already,  he  thought  the  sister  had  the  best  right  to  her,  and  that  he  did  not  wish  to  commit  bigamy.  The  matter  has  caused  considerable  amusement  with  gossips  in  the  neighborhood,  and  is  likely  to  afford  em emplByment  plByment emplByment  to  the  gentry  of  the  long  robe.  as  Miss  F  intends  bringing  an  action  of  damages  for  seduction.—Nor seduction.—Northern  thern seduction.—Northern  Whim.  Ertourante  3otirt4.  Bonus.  SPECI.  FIR:  of  the  P  of  thrr  offices.  INSURANCES  ON  FARMING  STOCIC.  of  The  public  are  informed  that  the  rates  for  insuranc  itice  fl,  Farming  Stock  with  this  Company,  have  just  been  re  u STYLE=superscript  .  from  4s.  to  3s.  per  cent.,  without  the  average  clause  from  3s.  6d.  to  2s.  6d.,  with  that  clause.  NOTlCE.—Persons  insured  with  this  office,  whose  ro  th  e  !  expire  at  Christmas,  are  respectfully  reminded  that  .04;  should  be  renewed  within  Fifteen  Days  from  that  Pel  s  e  and  those  who  desire  to  avail  themselves  of  the  acl°  sll STYLE=superscript  „  ur  fla  and  security  of  the  Lancashire  Insurance  Compaq  inc  extra  expense  by  the  trasfer  of  their  Policies.  Influential  Gentlemen  n STYLE=superscript  Wanted  as  Agents  where  the  C  °o. STYLE=superscript  pany  is  not  represented.  1  Prospectuses,  Mercantile  Rates,  Forms  of  Pror  os3 STYLE=superscript  '  all  other  information,  will  be  afforded  at  the  — STYLE=superscript  Agencies  of  the  Company.  Mr.  WM.  HENDERSON,  Agent  for  Birkenhea  d STYLE=superscript  '  Mr.  G.  J.  ASPINALL,  Agent  for  Toxteth-park  P4_TB00073 ....._  T  HE  LANCASHIRE  INSUR  A STYLE=superscript  sc  , STYLE=superscript  COMPANY.—CAPITAL,  £2,000,000.  Vi  •  Office-26,  MARKET-STREET,  MANCRESTO'  Tji  London  Office-2,  KING  -STREET,  CHEAPSW  I3. STYLE=superscript  O  I,  At  Liverpool  Office-3,  HIGH-STREET,  AND  6,  EICTO  ) STYLE=superscript  STREET  EAST.  0  1 STYLE=superscript  '  P STYLE=superscript  p.  Glasgowoffices-118,Ixcutem-STREET,  &amp;  4,11A/rows'  5 STYLE=superscript  i STYLE=superscript  ...v/  Greenock  Office  —T  HE  MANSION  110  USN,  DIRECTORS  AT  LIVERPOOL.  ‘'  BT  CHAIRMAN—Eyre  Evans,  Esq.  4,  4  ,  r  Banjamin  Darbyshire,  Esq.  W.  F.  Hunter,  Escl  . STYLE=superscript  Thomas  Fry,  Esq.  Frederic  Lyon,  Esq  . STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  `l'ir,  George  Glen,  Esq.  Daniel  Powell  Esq  . STYLE=superscript  Lt  Charles  Holland,  Esq.  James  Smith,  Esq  RESIDENT  SECRETARY—JOHN  SEMPLE,  resq:celit.  1}1,  4  LIFE  DEPARTMENT.—BONUSES.—EightY  It  r  it  , STYLE=superscript  to  r  of  the  Profits  apportionedito  the  Assured  triennially,  a,  t  tll  ',IE  (  first  Five  Years,  and  applicable  as  may  be  preferre  d  fbil,,i  ,  time  of  each  valuation.  ---4  * STYLE=superscript  k  t  „'i  Age  1  20  1  30  1  40  1  50  _l_,_.4,  rfly  P  OIN  £  s.  d.  1  £  s.  d.  £  s.  d.  I£s.  d.  4  1  ,  •  , STYLE=superscript  ,i  c  Bonus  Rates  1  17  01  2  6  0  3  0  61  4  6  .  9_2..4  ,  SPECIAL  NOTICE.—No  Stamp  Duty  whatever  ell'  lr STYLE=superscript  eet  ,i,l,  l  c  FIRE  DEPARTMENT.—BONUSES.—Fifty  K  On  lici  o STYLE=superscript  %  tit  of  the  Profits  apportioned  to  the  Assured  annually  on  fei  of  three  years'  standing  ;  an  advantage  offered  bY"
