text
"wftinikiiftiogg)wm.soo:  , STYLE=superscript  the  county  if  they  did  not  select  a  gentleman  more  intimately  acquainted  with  it  than  Mr.  Pollock.  The  Chairman  bad  alluded  to  his  appointment  being  with  the  Secretary  of  State.  Upon  that  he  would  say  that  if  they,  who  were  not  so  appointed,  were  incompeten  t STYLE=superscript  to  perform  the  duties  of  magistrates,  they  should  at  onl  leave  the  room,  and  the  sooner  they  were  done  away  the  better.  He  argued  that  from  the  manner  in  which  the  country  justices  had  hitherto  performed  their  duties,  it  $  O5 STYLE=superscript  not  actually  necessary  that  the  chairman  should  be  a  nil  brought  up  to  the  law.  He  concluded  by  expressing  I STYLE=superscript  '  ls STYLE=superscript  regret  that  Sir  Thomas  Birch  had  declined  to  a(  office,  and  said  that  he  should  not  vote  for  Mr  any  other  gentleman  similarly  situated  Pollock,  °  141  r.  Baiclay  conceived  that  there  could  not  be  a  norr  e STYLE=superscript  proper  person  to  administer  the  law  than  one  who  had  Taal.  the  law  his  study,  as  then  there  would  not  be  so  stooping  down  from  the  bench  to  the  attorney,  and  him  what  was  to  be  done  in  this  or  that  matter.  If  Mil',  Pollock  was  chosen,  it  was  his  opinion  that  they  wool,'  have  the  proper  man  in  the  proper  place,  ile  was  Tire  that  if  gentlemen  looked  at  some  of  the  recent  absurd  decisioll6  given  by  magistrates.  they  would  see  it  was  necessary  t  ° STYLE=superscript  have  a  person  well  acquainted  with  the  law  to  preside  over  them.  Mr.  T.  B.  Horsfall,  M.P.,  said  there  was  ono  view  of  08 STYLE=superscript  question  he  would  wish  to  bring  before  the  court,  befor  e STYLE=superscript  they  proceeded  with  the  election.  He  alluded  to  gentian  halding  the  position  of  county  judges.  He  f''!l  agreed  in  all  that  had  been  said  with  regard  to  the  ahi  l  9  and  high  standing  of  Mr.  Pollock,  but  he  would  ask,  cid  pot  occur  that  sometimes  where  cases  we  re  h  ear  d  in  th  e STYLE=superscript  county  courts,  the  appeal  against  th  e  d  ec  i  s  i  on  g  i  ve  n  W  B5 STYLE=superscript  heard  Quarter  Sessions?  Mr.  7'1;11/e  :  Such  is  not  the  case.  m  r.  ch.  :ens  ?:  All  appeals,  I  can  speak  as  belonging  to  06 STYLE=superscript  r  profprofession,from'county  courts  are  heard  in  the  superb  ll STYLE=superscript  ght  to  know  better  than  me.  I  W  1 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  llorsfall  :  f  courts.  not  contest  the  point  wlth  you;  but  in  a  recent  act  !!.  parliament,  are  not  certain  v  zises  under  the  mercantt  marine  act  beard  in  the  county  cou.'ts,  and  the  decision  09 STYLE=superscript  be  Mr.  against  at  quarter  session:  ?  .  Greene  :  I  am  not  aware  of  the  cowers  of  the  111  cantile  act,  and  therefore  cannot  say.  t  r STYLE=superscript  The  Chairman  then  asked  if  any  gentleman  any  °ine  candidate  to  propose  ?  .4tef  After  a  pause,  Mr.  W.  Browne  suggested  that  the  from  Sir  Thomas  Birch  should  again  be  read,  observi  i STYLE=superscript  t  that  he  had  had  a  conversation  with  Sir  Thomas  on  O  L STYLE=superscript  w  subject,  and  had  pressed  him,  as  far  as  decency  would  pe  t STYLE=superscript  ,  mit,  but  be  still  declined  to  accept  the  office.  (The  lett  e, STYLE=superscript  was  accordingly  read.)  Some  conversation  then  took  place,  as  to  the  probabilq  of  Sir  Thomas  accepting  the  chairmanship,  if  he  was  Sti'  of  being  unanimously  elected,  when  Mr.  Hodgson  said,  to  save  the  time  of  the  court,  b  e STYLE=superscript  •  would  propose,  as  an  amendment,  that  Sir  Thomas  IP  cb STYLE=superscript  be  the  chairman.  He  attributed  Sir  Thomas's  declinO:  to  accept  the  situation  to  the  meeting  that  had  been  (rot  a  t  C  in  St.  George's-hall;  because  he  did  not  choose  to  till,,,  111 STYLE=superscript  ;  to  what  might  have  been  a  defeat.  However,  he  P  . STYLE=superscript  '  Hodgson)  could  not  but  believe  that,  upon  mature  refle  ct, STYLE=superscript  tion,  he  would  accept  the  office,  and  perform  the  duties.  Mr.  Rosson  begged  leave  to  second  the  amendment.  Mr.  Earle  :  What  is  the  use  of  wasting  the  time  of  „  t STYLE=superscript  i  ll  court  by  such  a  proposition,  wheat  it  is  known  that  Ire  b  0  not  accept  the  office.  Sir  Thomas  told  me  himself  th,lt  I  should  decline.  Mr.  Thompson  hoped  that  the  magistrates  would  pre  /e STYLE=superscript  l  ,  '  upon  Sir  Thomas  to  accept  the  office,  and  perform  tv  duties  of  chairman.  tb  e STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Greene  was  making  some  further  remarks  upon  d  o  meeting  in  St.  George's-hall,  which  he  assigned  as  cause  of  Sir  Thomas  refusing  to  come  forward,  when  t  p  The  Chairman  said  he  was  determined  to  put  a  stop  ed  the  remarks,  as  they  were  quite  irrelevant,  and  he  1  10 STYLE=superscript  P  that  the  gentlemen  wou,ldbe  ing  support  the  chair.  Mr.  Tinne  rose  but  met  with  cries  of  op  ayt STYLE=superscript  he  resumed  his  seat.  Mr.  Rosson:  I  rice  to  make  one  remark.  The  Chairman  :  You  have  already  addressed  the  Tneetil  Mr.  Rosson  :  Yes,  but  one  word  on  the  amendmtnt•  0  ,  had  not  intended,  had  not  Sir  Thomas  Birch  been  1:  1 STYLE=superscript  0  1  posed,  to  have  said  another  word,  or  have  taken  any  Po  in  the  proceedings,  but,  as  I  consider  him  the  fittest  O  n  e  for  our  chairman,  I  must  say  that  I  most  cordially  se'c  ° STYLE=superscript  o  the  amendment,  and  I  will  emphatically  say  this  7  )  0  %1  reference  to  the  private  letter,  but  which  I  do  not  con  s STYLE=superscript  :  private—nor  how  could  it  be—but  I  will  give  that  , STYLE=superscript  11  1 STYLE=superscript  /,1  1  every  magistrate  present,  that,  if  you  elect  Mr  Poll  respecting  him  in  his  profession  as  I  do,  you  will  be  14  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  the  foundation  of  a  degrading  and  unconstitutional  Pi  l  l,  cedent,  which  will  be  the  first  step  to  the  general  cent  ° STYLE=superscript  sation  of  the  administration  of  justice.  11  01 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Earle:  You  might  give  your  advice  when  you  asked  for  it.  Mr.  Holt  thought  it  a  great  waste  of  time  to  he  v°  ti STYLE=superscript  l3o  l  on  a  point  that  had  been  settled.  Sir  Thomas  Birch  ~e  ft  declined  to  accept  the  chairmanship  of  the  sessions,  t'  o  f  the  question  was  decided.  Is  any  person  prepared  to  that  Sir  Thomas  will  accept  the  office?  Mr.  Greene  :  Will  any  person  say  that  Mr.  Pollock  d STYLE=superscript  i  accept  it  ?  Mr.  Browne  said  he  had  argued  with  Sir  Thomas'  had  told  him  that,  in  all  probability,  he  would  be  o°  o  l'll  unanimously  (of  course  of  that  he  could  not  be  sure)  yet  he  declined.  The  Chairman  :  If  there  are  no  other  eandi  put  the  amendment.  The  amendment  was  accordingly  put  ;  whe  n  s  ixteen  ha  were  held  up  in  favour  of  it.  A  Magistrate  :  flow  many  magistrates  are  there  pre  seP STYLE=superscript  The  Clerk  :  Twenty-six.  A  Magistrate  :  We  had  better  have  the  names  talge4ol  The  names  were  about  to  be  taken,  when  Mr.  1- STYLE=superscript  ,itle  said,  that  with  the  consent  of  his  f  r  i  en  d  s  ,  h  e  wo  uld  to  i  draw  Mr.  P  o  ll  oc  k'  s  name  ,  a  lth  oug  h  Si  r  Th  omas  hag  me.  decidedly,  that  he  would  not  accept  the  office.  66  0 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Earle,  as  the  secon  d  er  o  f  t  h  e  mot  i  on  f  or  the  69  of  Mr.  Pollock,  was  reques  t  e  d  to  g  i  ve  h  i  s  sanct  i  on  to  all  it  to  be  withdrawn.  He  said  :  Sir  Thomas  told  016 STYLE=superscript  4  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  would  not  act.  I  came  he  re  t  o  ac  t  straightforward,  do  not  see  why  I  should  withdraw.  1  1 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Rosqon  :  He  is  in  a  very  different  position  noll'  , STYLE=superscript  o  Mr.  Earle  :  Don't  t  a  lk  t  o  me,  s  i  r.  H  e  i  s  no  t  1 STYLE=superscript  different  position.  I  shall  do  no  more  in  the  matter.  ,  After  some  other  conversation,  to  The  Chairman  put  the  amendment,  which  he  declii  was  unanimously  adopted.  rybo  o STYLE=superscript  4  A  deputation  was  then  chos  e  n  t  o  wa  it  u  p  on  Si  r  --  A  P,.  Birch,  and  inform  him  of  the  result  of  th  e  e  l  ec  ti  on  .  the  deputation  had  retired,  most  of  the  magi  s  t  ra  t  es  le  room.  THE  PUBLIC  BUSINESS  of  the  county  was  then  proceeded  with  ;  Mr.  Vir•  taking  the  chair.  From  the  report  of  the  Chi  e  f  C  ons  t  a  bl  e,  i  t  appeareud  during  the  past  three  mon  th  s  th  ere  h  a  d  b  een  2,203  Pe,.„00(,'  apprehended  by  the  p  o  li  ce  ,  o  f  w  h  om  1  9  9  h  a  d  b  ee  n  :le  matted  for  trial,  1,365  w  e  re  s  ummar  ily  conv  i  c  t  e  d,  78  b STYLE=superscript  °  '  out,  out,  and  561  disch  arge  d.  1,891  p  ersons  h  a  d  been  etrl  mnned  by  the  police,  of  whom  1,705  had  been  con  ci STYLE=superscript  ,,  , STYLE=superscript  ,  136  dismissed,  50  did  not  appear,  and  48  warrants  3  1 STYLE=superscript  granted  for  the  apprehension  of  the  remainder.  00,  persons  bad  also  been  summoned  by  the  p  ar  i  s  h  author.'&#34;  of  whom  3  had  been  committed  for  trial,  2,103  cony%)  993  settled  out  of  court,  231  dismissed,  43  did  not  nP  r STYLE=superscript  f  i  l STYLE=superscript  and  42  warrants  were  granted  for  the  apprehension  °  others.  ..fr  The  Bridge-master's  report  was  adopted,  and  a  1 STYLE=superscript  1;  was  granted  to  Mr.  John  Owen,  as  k  eeper  o  f  t  h  e  111 STYLE=superscript  01  asylum  for  one  year,  and  th  e  li  cense  f  or  Walton  lu  asylum  was  transferred  to  Miss  Eliza  Squires.  This  concluded  the  business,  and  the  court  adjourtieJi  GREAT  LIBERALITY  AT  PRINCE'S  P-  TO  TIIE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES.  0  0  Sir,—Previously  to  this  time  the  proprietors,  by  of  a  small  portion  of  the  above  park,  have  arro  gat  e STYLE=superscript  themselves  the  exclusive  privilege  of  a  certain  port  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  0  the  water  space  during  the  frost.  Thi  s  th  ey  have  dciti4i  breaking  the  ice,  to  the  great  annoyance  and  41000  those  who  have  availed  themselves  of  the  sport  up°  1)1 STYLE=superscript  0(  ice  during  the  frost.  To  my  great  surprise,  I  find  , STYLE=superscript  to  d  information,  that  they  have  given  up  their  real  or  O  a STYLE=superscript  right  to  the  public,  simply  because  the  said  territod  oA  too  circumscribed  for  the  performance  of  tllt'i  r STYLE=superscript  t  9  evolutions  upon  the  ice.  Wonderful  liberality  1  1 STYLE=superscript  )  Should  they  think  proper,  at  any  future  time,  to  retl  i STYLE=superscript  o  the  exclusive  principle,  I  promise  them  an  introduc  ti  ° STYLE=superscript  e  t  r  the  subject  to  th  e  mayor  ,  w  h  ere  it  will  d  ou  b  t  l  ess  g  investigation.  p  r  o  l  v  t  i  d  s  e  d  m  f  u  o  c  r  h  t  t  h  o  e  b  u  e  s  e  reg  o  r  f  et  t  t  h  e  e  d  t  p  h  u  n  b  t  l  i  t  c  h  a  e  C  la  o  r  r  g  p  e  or  s  a  4  tin  a  o  iio  tt  i  0  0  ;4  ° STYLE=superscript  0.  space,  which  might  be  used  during  the  summer  m  oni  tl  y  ti  fo  ‘  l STYLE=superscript  a  space  upon  which  to  sail  some  of  th  e  mos  t  be  3 STYLE=superscript  o0  1 STYLE=superscript  ;  )  models  of  sailing  vessels  that  are  very  frequently  1.0 STYLE=superscript  0  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  the  carpenters'  apprentices;  this  is  what  is  very  wanted.  In  the  winter  months  it  could  be  used  fo  r STYLE=superscript  ;:i4,or  upon  the  ice,  without  th  e  c  h  ance  of  any  one  being  drh°,ltl  Parliament  Fi  e  ld  s  i  s  the  site  for  such  a  purpose  •  e  rei  pits  in  those  fi  e  ld  s  h  ave  been  recently  filled  up.  'l.&#34;&#34;tioi'o  no  place  more  suitable  for  such  purposes.  If  yov  these  remarks  proper  ones  to  be  made,  I  shall  be  g  see  them  in  an  early  publication.  gf  A  READER  OF  THE  NORTHERN  -  -  The  lee  Mr.  Rovers's  personal  property  is  sak  i  )  under  £25,000.  The  pictures  and  books  are  possibli,  £40,000.  In  his  later  years  Roge  rs  li  ve  d  on  an  $  from  the  bank.  ,  Art  The  writer  of  a  bl  e  T  a  i  n  '  t  h  e  Illustrate'a  fled  contradicts  the  statement  that  Mr.  Layard  is  wr  itins  4  work  on  Assyrian  an  ti  qu  i  t  i  es,  an  d  g  i  ves  the  felloorro  o  ld  of  gossip  !—The  Prin  ce  o  f  W  a  l  es  too  k  the  01314  other  day  on  a  public  occasion.  The  Prince  %pelfl  attending  Farraday's  le  c  t  ures  .  P  r  i  nce  A  l  b  ert,  it  so  I) STYLE=superscript  ,  a  9 STYLE=superscript  r  ij  sV  was  unable  to  a  tt  en  d—  th  e  c  h  a  i  r  was  vacant—it  w STYLE=superscript  o  r1  7 STYLE=superscript  :01  filled.  The  boy-Prince  took  the  chair,  and  to  the  s STYLE=superscript  o  cl  , STYLE=superscript  of  many,  beha  ve  d  lik  e  ot  h  er  boys,  with  great  v  3 STYLE=superscript  and,  of  course,  good  sense."
