text
"ITALY  SOUTHAMPTON,  TUESDAY  MORNING.—The  st  ship  nansa,  one  of  the  German  line  of  steam-ships  between  Bremen  and  the  United  States,  has  put  into  this  port  for.  coals  on  her  way  from  New  York  to  Bremen.  She  left  the  former  port  on  the  4th  inst.,  and  her  advices  have  been  an anticipated  ticipated anticipated  via  Liverpool.  The  Sydney,  Captain  Callaton,  from  London,  bound  for  Port  Louis,  Maurittius,  was  totally  lost  on  Con Connonier's  nonier's Connonier's  Point  on  the  22nd  July  ;  crew'and  about  350  tons  of  cargo  were  saved,  but  much  valuable  machinery  for  sugar  mills  lost  ;  7,0001.  or  8,0001.  was  fortunately  got  off  the  wreck.  The  PiedmonteseGazette  of  the  14th  inst.  announ  ,es  the  arrival,  at  Turin,  of  the  Duke  of  NemourE  Lnd  the  Princess  of  Saxe  Cobourg,  his  sister.  The  3  ravelled  under  the  names  of  Count  of  Embleur  anc  Baronness  of  Ementhal.  •  -  The  'accounts  received  from  the  East  had  excited  considerable  agitation  among  the  numerous  refu refugees,  gees, refugees,  residing  at  Genoa.  They  were  beginning  to  plan  the  invasion  of  the  neighbouring  States  for  the  purpose  of  rousing  the  population  to  insurrection.  To  that  effect  the  Republican  Committee  had  widely  circulated  a  proclamation  through  several  provinces  of  Italy,  and  a  Turin  journal,.  the  Voce  della  Liberta,  contended  in  one  of  its  last  numbers  that.the  Piedmontese  government  ought  to  alloW  the  emigrants  liberty  to  act.  DR.  NEWMAN'S  LECTURES  DR.  NEwMAN  delivered  the  second  of  his  Course  of  Lec Lectures  tures Lectures  at  the  Catholic  Institution  last  night.  A  very  large  audience  assembled.  Dr.  Newman  proceeded  with  the  his history  tory history  of  the  Tartar,  or  Scythian  race,  from  the  expulsion  of  p  or  tions  of  them  by'  a  monarch  of  China,  from  the  neigh neighbourhood  bourhood neighbourhood  of  that  country,  until  they  arrived  at  the  Danube,  and  terrified  the  hitherto  invincible  Goths.  The  physiolo physiological  gical physiological  characteristic  of  their  race,  the  lecturer  exemplified  in  the  description  history  has  given  of  their  great  chief,  Attila  who  is  pourtrayed  as  having  a  large  head,  swarthy  corn corndexion,  dexion, corndexion,  small,  deep-sunken  eyes,  a  few  hairs  in  place  o.  ieard,  short  square  body,  and  enormous  strength.  The  lea  surer  then  went  through  the  career  of  Attila,  and  describe(  Cis  extraordinary  rule,  for  which  scarcely  any  -parallel  cal  be  found  in  history,  over  the  Tartar  and  German  race  together,  his  empire  extending  from  the  Chinese  extremit  of  Asia,  to  the  Rhine,  and  over  as  far  as  the  Baltic  Sea  an  , STYLE=superscript  Sweden.  His  devastations  through  Asia  and  Europe  fiver  minutely  narrated,  until  his  arrival  in  Italy,  where,  havin  laid  waste  Aquiea,  Verona,  Vicenza,  and  other  cities,  an  driven  numbers  of  the  inhabitants  to  take  refuge  in  tl  islands  at  the  mouth  of  the  Adriatic,  to  which  fact  the  grei  imperial  city  of  Venice  owed  its  origin;  his  progress  wa  stayed  before  he  arrived  at  Rome,  by  the  intervention  of  St  Leo.  The  meeting  of  Attila  and  St.  Leo,  who  came  as  tin  envoy  of  Italy,  commemorated  by  Raphael's  painting  in  flu  Vatican,  was  described  by  the  lecturer,  the  interview  whicl  took  place,  and  the  surprising  persuasive  effect  of  the  look  and  speech  of  St.  Leo,  which  prevailed  upon  Attila  to  stay  his-course,  and  desist  from  reaching  Rome.  Having  detailed  the  principal  events  of  the  career  of  Attila,  and  his  death,  - STYLE=superscript  T  l STYLE=superscript  /  4  1  . STYLE=superscript  ..urm  fin  won+  on  to  tho  next  Tront  nnint  at  which  the  Tartar  mow  wore  g  athored  under  one  head,  the  Sway  alai  conquests  of  Zhingis  Khan.  The  conquests  of  this  ruler,  which  spread  over  Tartary,  China,  Persia,  Siberia,  Hindos Hindostan,  tan, Hindostan,  Asia  Minor,  Russia,  Hungary,  Poland,  and  indeed  the  greater  part  of  the  world  then  nown,  which  his  descendants  held  for  more  than  sixty  years  after  his  death,  were  briefly  glanced  at.  Zhingis  Khan  is  said  to  have  been  able  to  bring  into  the  field  700,000  men,  and  to  have  left  upon  one  battle  plain  160,000  dead  bodies.  The  lecturer  remarked  upon  the  extraordinary  daring  and  indomitable  perseverance  which  this  monarch  displayed;  and  alluded  to  his  having  once  taken  his  whole  army  into  the  deserts  of  Tartary,  and  kept  them  there,  without  any  regular  commissariat,  for  a  period  of  five  months,  alone  maintained  by  their  success  in  the  chase,  and  his  extraordinary  passage,  with  his  whole  army,  over  the  mountains  which  formed  the  barriers  of  Hindostan.  The  lecturer  also  dwelt  upon  the  extraordinary  cruelty  which  Zhingis  Khan  had  displayed  throughout  his  career  and  gave  several  instances  of  the  massacres  which  he  caused  of  the  inhabitants  of  whole  cities.  As  Attila  had  boasted  that  where  the  hoof  of  his  horse  had  trodden,  the  grass  never  grew,  so  Zhingis  made  use  of  the  boast  that  when  he  razed  a  city  it  was  levelled  to  the  ground  so  completely  that  his  horse  could  gallop  over  the  place  where  it  had  stood  without  stumbling.  Next  the  lecturer  traced  out  the  career  and  onquests  of  Tamerlana,  or  Timour  the  Tartar,  whose  cruelty  .e  described  as  ever  surpassing  that  of  his  predecessors,  and  rho  massacred  at  Delhi  100,000  people,  built  a  wall  of  0,000  skulls  at  Ispahan,  sacked  and  burned  to  the  ground  Lshacar,  Ispahan,  Bagdad,  Aleppo,  Damascus,  Smyrna,  and  iumberless  other  cities.  When  reading  of  these  things,  the  ecturer  observed,  one  appeared  rather  to  hear  of  the  deeds  )f  some  monstrous  antidiluvian  giant,  than  of  a  man  who  ived,  as  Timour  had  done  only  450  years  ago.  The  ecturer  then  exemplified  the  characteristics  of  the  Tartar  mce.  No  power  had  ever  succeeded  in  converting  them  to  Christianity.  The  effects  of  successive  Popes  of  St.  Louis,  the  ninth  King  of  France,  and  of  sovereigns  of  Spain,•  to  convert  them  through  the  agency  of  missionaries,  had  been  in  vain.  Here  the  lecturer  passingly  touched  upon  the  history  of  Marco  Polo,  who  left  Venice  with  his  family,  and  lived  twenty  five  years  among  the  Tartars,  and  who,  after  hi  s STYLE=superscript  r  eturn  to  Venice  having  been  made  prisoner  in  Genoa,  wrote  there  his  celebrated  history,  the  veracity  of  which  was  long  denied,  until  travellers  within  the  last  half  century  had  es established  tablished established  it,  and  it  was  now  held  as  remarkable  for  truth,  as  then  for  its  supposed  falsehoods.  This  history,  the  lecturer  stated  and  the  narratives  of  missionaries  and  others,  exactly  bore  out  the  statements  of  former  historians,  regarding  the  Tartar  race.  Having  spoken  of  their  cruelty,  the  lecturer  illustrated  by  several  instances  the  gluttony  and  the  barbaric  pomp  whicl  characterized  them.  Their  feasts,  served  up  with  the  moss  gorgeous  profusion  of  gold  and  silver,  but  consisting  of  the  flesh  of  horses,  and  even  of  dogs,  foxes,  and  wolves,  were  described  from  the  narratives  of  different  travellers  and  embas embassadors.  sadors. embassadors.  Returning  to  the  history  of  the  three  great  con conquerors,  querors, conquerors,  whose  career  formed  the  leading  topic  of  his  dis discourse,  course, discourse,  'Dr.  Newman  remarked  upon  the  singularity  of  the  fact  that  each  of  these  men  unlike  the  greater  number  of  those  who  by  sudden  victories  acquired  immense  sway,  died  at  the  full  height  of  his  fame  and  in  the  possession  of  the  most  extended  power.  Yet  it  was  not  less  remarkable  that  a  misgiving  seemed  to  have  seized  upon  each,  a  shadow  to  have  passed  over  him,  before  his  death.  This  was  exempli exemplified  fied exemplified  in  the  sudden  and  surprising  effect  which  the  intercession  of  St.  Leo  had  in  checking  the  apparently'  untamabl(  ferocity  of  Attila.  Of  Zhingis  it  was  recorded,  that  shortll  before  his  death,  he  declared  he  would  build  up  .  every  city  which  he  had  destroyed.  Compunction  was  upon  him  —  but  it  was  much  easier  to  destroy  than  to  construct.  11€  could  pull  down,  but  he  could  not  build  up—his  ruins  re remained  mained remained  to  this  day—he  went  home  qnd  died.  Timour  when  an  old  man,  was  going  to  China  to  pursue  his  conquests  there  ;  after  splendid  success  in  other  parts  of  Asia.  He  came  to  Aleppo,  which  he  burned  down.  While  the  flames  wer(  raging,  and  the  shrieks  of  the  dying  were  sounding  in  MI  ears,  he  called  one  of  his  officers,  and  declared  that  he  wa  not  a  man  of  blood,  and  called  God  to  witness,  that  never  in  all  his  wars  had  he  been  the  aggressor.  He  died  soon  after  in  the  city  of  Samarcand.  All  the  deeds  of  these  men,  the  lecturer  observed,  made  it  seem  but  too  true  that  the  best  effects  of  what  was  deemed  earthly  glory,  were  'but  a  .poor  imitation  of  the  ambition  of  the  So.fon  of  Milton.  •  Shortly  after  the  death  of  Timour,  arose  John  Paskkwitch,  •  the  founder  of  the  Russian  empire.  Just  as  the  power  of  ;  the  Tartars  fell,,  so  the  power  of  Russia  began,  and  having  brought  the  audience  to  this  point,  the  lecturer  concluded  his  discourse  for  the  night.  Dr.  Newman  will  deliver  the  third  of  his  course  of  lectures  eam eamon  on eamon  Monday  evening.  ACCIDENTS.  —  Richard  Taylor,  of  Highfield  - STYLE=superscript  s  treet, STYLE=superscript  labourer,  was  yesterday  working  at  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway,  when  a  weight  of  601bs.  fell  from  an  up upper  per upper  storey  on  his  head,  producing  a  severe  scalp  wound.  —  .William  Clarkson,  whilst  working  in  the  Queen's  Dock,  yesterday,  was  severely  scalded  by  some  boiling  pitch  spilling  over  him.  MEETING  OF  CREDITORS,  at  the  Manchester  Bank Bankruptcy  ruptcy Bankruptcy  Courts  :—Wednesday,  19th  October,  at  12  o'clock  :  idiz  Mines,  wc.olstapler  adiourned  wait*."
