text
"pis  wit  the  wages  which  hd  had  given  ht  1  that  of  the  children  had  wretched  (-1-'  pauchery  hat  she  had  perhaps  indispensable  articles  of  the  children's  his  nd  pawnA  them  roc  r,d  daily  occurred,  could  it  be  wondered  at  that.  Cita  took  place  by  the  wretched  ,  husband  upon  fierce  a  is  mor  ruched  Wife,  and  that  he  himself  sought  to  )wn  his  sorrows  in  drink.  (Hear,  hear.)  Another  tson  why  he  thought  the  government  lad  done  well  in  .owing  the  matter  upon  the  shoulders  of  the  public,  her  than  undertaking  the  whole  expense  and  manage managent  nt managent  thenvelves,  in  the  first  instant  which  lad  been  was  the  L  government  had  in  dealing  with  details,  n  in  the  cnmmisiariat  and  army  arrange arrangee  e arrangee  war.  (Hear,  hear.)  This  he  contended  henthe  - STYLE=superscript  question  was  dealt  with  by  a  body  of  private  individuals.  Finally,  Mr.  Mansfield  proposed  the  resolution,  and  resumed  his  seat  amid  loud  applause.  Mr.  Samuel  Holme  said:  Mr.  Mayor,  I  have  been  requested  to  second  the  resolution  which  has  jest  been  proposed  by  Mr.  Mansfield,  acid  I  should  have  been  well  content,  sir,  to  leave  the  question  on  the  basis  where  it  has  been  placed  by  the  preceding  speakers,  but  that  I  think  it  is  of  some  importance  that  the  proceedings  of  a  meetinc  , STYLE=superscript  like  this  should  go  forth  to  the  world,  and  especially  upon  a  subject  which  touches  so  nearly  the  interests  of  the  whole  conaniunity.  You  and  I  know,  sir,  that  there  are  gentlemen  who  have  an  objection  to  a  reformatory,  and  we  have  heard  objections  to  it  even  in  this  room.  Amidst  the  anxieties  and  responsibilities,  sir,  which  often  attach  to  the  high  office  you  at  present  so  well  fill,  anxieties  and  responsibilities  which  frequently  occur,  it  is  cheering  to  be  able  at  all  times  to  bring  the  influence  and  the  dignity  of  that  office  to  bear  upon  any  purpose  of  true  benevolence.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  it  is  strikingly  characteristic  of  the  present  age  that  while  we  are  astounded  by  the  wonderful  achievements  of  science  which  are  changing  the  features  of  human  society.  benevolence  itself  is  not  left  in  the  rear.  (Hear,  hear.)  If  any  proof  were  wanting,  sir,  I  might  point  to  our  dispensaries  and  infirmaries  for  the  sick,  to  the  asylums  for  our  deaf  and  for  our  blind,  and  I  might  point  likewise  to  those  noble  institutions  I  mean  the  ragged  schools  ;  and  all  honour  be  to  those  gentlemen  who  went  into  the  very  purlieus  of  our  great  cities,  dived  into  the  materials,  of  the  existence  of  which,  many  of  us  were  scarcely  aware,  who  have  acted  as  the  pioneers  of  institutions  like  this,  and  have  been  our  pre precursors  cursors precursors  in  the  good  work.  (Hear,  hear,  and  applause.)  Sir,  benevolence,  ran,  indeed,  exhibit  her  trophies  .in  our  Christian  country  ;  and  I  trust  she  shall  ever  have  her  trophies  more  important  in  these  legitimate  results,  than  the  victories  of  our  army  and  our  navy  •  more  important  than  the  victories  of  science,  because  the  one  is  physical,  the  other  is  moral  ;  the  one  deals  with  questions  of  time,  the  other  deals  with  questions  of  eternity.  (Hear,  hear.)  Sir,  the  benevolence  of  which  I  have  spoken,  which  cops  among  the.poor,  wretched,  and  forlorn,  is  an  emanation  from  the  spirit  of  hiin  who  went  about  doing  good.  (Hear,  hear.)  All  these  institutions,  and  there  are  many  more  than  I  have  already  named,  are  merely  the  precursors  of  something  more;  and  my  experience,  and  the  experience  of  many  of  the  gentlemen  who  surround  me,  tell  us  that  we  must  go  one  step  further.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  is  true,  indeed,  that  all  those  which  I  have  named.  are  doing  good,  but  we  have  more  yet  to  do.  (Hear,  hear.)  Hitherto,  Mr.  'Mayor,  we  have  :punished  crime  - STYLE=superscript  in  this  country  rather  than  attempted  to  prevent  it.  We  have  permitted  the  evil  seed  to  grow  up,  and  are  we  then  sur surprised  prised surprised  at  the  harvest?  Who  can  read  the  appalling  accounts,  sir,  which  fill  the  columns  of  our  newspapers  from  day  to  dap  heinz  moresl—.vho  can  read  those  records  wnich  distisTore  Vic.  face  of  a  human  srr.iety,"
