text
"cost  of  g  I  undertat  The  cost  certainly  is  an  important  consideration;  but  cost  is  comparative,  and  I  cannot  think  the  Town  Council  would  hesitate  for  a  moment  to  make  the  South  Portico  as  perfect  as  possible,  because  by  so  doing  the  cost  of  the  whole  building  might  be  increased  from  two  hundred  thousand  0  0  to  two  hundred  and  two  thousand  pounds.  I  am  unable  to  discuss  the  alleged  peculiarities  in  the  Temple  of  Jupiter  Tonans  at  Rome,  or  in  the  Proplea  at  Athens  ;  but  I  am  familiar  with  most  of  the  modern  instan instances  ces instances  to  which  Mr.  Cockerell  refers  as  authorities  for  what  has  been  done  at  St.  George's  Hall,  and  I  shall  have  no  difficulty  in  showing  you  that  the  examples  cited,  afford  no  warrant  for  the  defects  on  which  we  have  animadverted.  begin  with  the  Lyceum  in  this  Town,  a  slight  in inspection  spection inspection  will  show  you  that  the  cases  are  altogether  dissimilar.  The  columns  of  the  Lyceum  are  placed  on  a  substantial  basement  wall,  or  on  pedestals,  resting  on  the  solid  ground.  There  is  no  incongruity  here—no  appearance  of  the  columns  restin  g  on  the  slope  of  the  steps,  or  half  on  the  steps  and  half  of  as  is  the  case  at  St.  George's  Hall  ;  and,  it  would  be  quite  hypercritical,  under  the  of  position  and  immediate  contiguity  to  the  foot  walk,  to  object  to  the  convenience  of  steps  between  the  pedestals  of  the  columns.  Mr.  Cockerell  refers  also  to  the  Lyceum  at  Manchester,  as  to  which,  I  apprehend  there  must  be  some  .  mistake,  as  there  is  no  public  building  of  that  name  in  Manchester.  Two  of  the  principal  modern  edifices  in  that  city,  are,  the  Town  Hall  and  the  Royal  Institution  ;  and  in  both  these,  the  columns  are  correctly  placed  on  the  level  floor  of  the  portico.  Mr.  Cockerell  refers  to  the  portico  of  the  India  House  in  London,  which  actually  abuts  on  the  foot-walk  of  the  street  ;  but,  even  here,  the  architect  has  taken  care  that  the  pedestals  of  his  columns  should  stand  square  on  the  solid  earth,  and  thus  they  afford  no  authority  for  the  defect  complained  of  in  St.  George's  Hall  Cockerell  also  mentions  the  general  post-office  in  St.  Martins  le  Grand  ;  if  that  building  is  meant  by  the  term  New  of  which,  however,  I  feel  some  doubt,  as  this  example  affords  no  precedent  for  the  anom anomalies  alies anomalies  of  our  South  portico,  but  just  the  contrary.  Critically  viewed,  there  is  a  slight  error  in  the  position  of  the  steps,  which  should  have  projected  some  twelve  inches  further  on  the  adjoining  font-wall:,  that  the  upper  line  of  the  stylobate  might  have  quite  cleared  the  massive  pedestals.  The  defect  is  small,  for  substantially  the  large  columns  rest  on  the  level  floor  of  the  portico,  which  is  the  desideratum  in  our  own  case.  Lastly  Mr.  Cockerell  refers  you  to  St.  Paul's  Cathedral  , STYLE=superscript  and,  certainly,  if  anything  in  the  general  features  and  cha character  racter character  of  that  magnificent  temple  could  be  quoted  as  authority  for  questionable  peculiarities  of  structure  elsewhere,  any  architect  might  be  excused  for  supporting  his  views  by  such  a  precedent.  us  see  what  are  the  facts  of  the  case.  It  is  quite  true  in  the  porticos  of  the  north  and  south  doorways  into  the  Cathedral,  the  columns  rest  on  the  slope  of  the  steps,  but  I  should  not  have  expected  any  professional  man  to  have  referred  to  that  circumstance,  except  in  the  way  of  warning,  so  strikingly  unfortunate  is  the  effect.  But  these  two  side  porches  are  very  unimportant  appendages,  and  may  well  be  overlooked  in  our  admiration  of  the  vast  and  noble  structure.  But  if  Mr.  Cockerell  thought  proper  to  call  atten attention  tion attention  to  St.  Paul's  Cathedral,  as  an  example  to  be  copied,  why  did  he  not  refer  to  the  great  western  portico,  fronting  Ludgate  Hill,  a  most  elaborate  work,  in  the  design  of  which  Sir  Christopher  Wren  appears  to  have  drawn  so  largely  on  the  resources  of  his  genius  and  skill.  There  you  will  find  no  incisions  into  the  floor  of  the  portico,  destroying  the  upper  line  of  the  stylobate—no  duplicate  steps,  of  different  sizes,  in  harsh  contiguity  with  each  other.  No  placing  of  magnificent  columns  on  the  slope  of  the  steps,  or  half  on  and  half  of  the  floor  of  the  portico,  but,  on  the  contrary,  all  is  according  to  architectural  propriety,  correct  and  grand,  the  steps  divided  horizontally  by  a  middle  terrace,  giving  breadth  and  repose  ;  and  the  great  column  resting  on  the  level  floor  of  the  portico.  Such  is  the  approach  to  the  western  facade  of  St.  Paul's  Cathedral,  and  such,  precisely,  is  the  arrangement  which  I  am  endeavouring  to  induce  the  Council  to  adopt  in  regard  to  the  south  Portico  of  St.  George's  Hall;  the  feasi feasibility  bility feasibility  of  which,  if  it  be  at  all  doubted,  I  am  ready  to  prove  by  a  model,  when  the  Council  shall  be  pleased  to  sanction  the  Of  course,  in  the  altered  arrangement,  we  should  cause  to  disappear  the  duplicate  steps,  and  the  great  chasm  in  the  outer  wall  of  the  podium,  in  St.  John's  Lane.  Be Befote  fote Befote  concluding,  I  may  be  allowed  to  remark  that  having  considered,  seriatim,  the  various  modern  examples  t  o STYLE=superscript  which STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Cockrell  appeals  in  justification,  professionally  of  the  course  which  he  has  taken,  and  having,  I  think,  proved  that  the  result  of  a  fair  and  critical  examination  of  each  and  all  of  the  modern  instances  on  which  he  has  relied,  instead  of  being  favourable  to  his  views,  is  just  the  contrary.  It  is  no  t  very  uncharitable  to  suppose  that  the  classical  examples  of  the  Temple  of  Jupiter  Tonans,  the  Basilica  at  Pom Pompeia,  peia, Pompeia,  and  the  rest  of  them,  if  duly  analysed,  and  the  condi conditions  tions conditions  and  circumstances  examined,  would  do  him  as  little  service  as  the  modern  instances  we  have  just  noticed,  in  which  case  the  argument  Precedent  and  Authority,  slender  and  inconclusive  though  they  be,  would  fall  to  the  ground.  have  inc  lionout  tv  h.,  Faithfully  and  respectfully  yours,  HENRY  Boma.  Liverpool  Ist,  Nov.  The  Council  then  adjourned.  BOARD  OF  TRADE  RETURNS.  The  Board  of  Trade  Returns  of  Trade  and  Navigation  were  issued  in  London  yesterday  afternoon.  They  are  of  the  most  satisfactory  character.  In  the  nine  months  just  con concluded,  cluded, concluded,  we  have  exported  articles  of  British  produce  to  the  value  of  66,987,7291.,  being  in  round  numbers  over  twelve  millions  and  a  half  in  excess  of  the  exportations  of  the  cor corresponding  responding corresponding  period  of  last  year,  and  about  thirteen  millions  and  a  half  over  those  of  1851.  This  enormous  increase,  spread  over  nine  months,  has  been  contributed  to  in  more  than  its  fair  proportion  by  the  last  month  of  the  period— periodthat  that periodthat  terminating  on  the  10th  of  October  last,  which  shows  an  increase  of  about  a  million  and  a  half  on  the  cor corresponding  responding corresponding  month  of  1862,  and  of  two  millions  and  a  half  over  that  of  1851.  Contrasting  the  last  month  with  its  predecessor  of  last  year,  a  very  remarkable  increase  is  shown  in  some  of  our  staple  articles  of  produce.  Thus,  omitting  the  hundreds,  beer  and  ale  have  risen  from  £49,000  to  £97,090  ;  butter  from  £39,000  to  £59,000  ;  herrings  from  £76,000  to  £126,000  ;  glass  manufactures  from  £39,000  to  £68,002;  haberdashery  and  millinery  from  £205,000  to  £521,000  ;  hardwares  and  cutlery  from  £303,000  to  £392,000  ;  wrought  leather  from  £50,000  to  £129,000;  machinery  and  millwork  of  all  kinds  from  £169,000  to  £186,000;  iron,  bar,  bolt,  and  rod,  from  £336,000  to  £533,000  ;  wrought  from  £177,000  to  £317,000,  and  other  descriptions  in  the  same  proportion  ;  lead  from  £19,000  to  £67,000  ;  silk  stuffs  from  £55,000  to  £100,000;  and  stationery  from  £46,000  to  £72,000.  Of  those  branches  of  produce  which  may  be  described  as  stationery,  cotton  manufactures,  earthenware,  linen  manu manufactures,  factures, manufactures,  salt,  and  woollen  manufactures,  constitute  the  principal  items.  So  much  for  the  exports.  As  regards  our  imports,  we  may  roundly  state  that,  of  the  principal  articles  of  consumption,  animals  for  food,  cocoa,  coffee,  spirits,  sugar,  tea,  tobacco,  and  wine  will  be  found  either  of  substantially  the  same  pro proportions  portions proportions  or  exhibiting  a  slight  increase.  As  might  be  antici anticipated,  pated, anticipated,  however,  it  is  under  the  head  of  corn  that  the  great  increase  on  imports  is  found.  The  increase  has  taken  place  in  every  description,  excepting  oats  and  Indian  corn,  which  have  decreased.  The  importation  of  wheat  has  increased  from  315,000  to  468,000  quarters,  and  of  flour  298,000  to  463,000  quarters.  The  returns  relating  to  shipping  also  appear  to  show  a  satisfactory  state  of  activity  in  our  com commercial  mercial commercial  affairs  ;  and  the  general  prosperity  indicated  by  the  returns  will  be  received  with  all  the  more  gratification  from  the  existence  of  'circumstances,  patent  to  all,  which  it  was  anticipated  would  have  given  the  first  check  to  the  course  of  progressive  prosperity  with  which  for  the  last  six  years  we  have  been  so  happily  blessed.  LIVERPOOL  RAGES.-YESTERDAY  The  attraction  of  the  Steeple  Chase,  and  the  day  being  being  beautifully  fine,  there  was  a  numerous  attendance  at  Aintree  yesterday.  The  unusually  crowded  state  of  our  columns  prevents  our  doing  more  than  giving  the  result  of  each  race.  A  SURREY  HANDICAP  of  3  sovs.  each,  with  40  sovs.  added  ;  for  all  ages  ;  half-a-mile--17  subs  Mr.  Choyce;Vintei;  s  . STYLE=superscript  Trs.,  Bst.  7  lb  Aspinall  1  Twelve  others  ran  THE  OPTIONAL  SELLING  STAKES,  of  5  sovs.  each,  with  30  sovs.  added.  —won  easy  J.  Charlton  1  Mr.  French's  b  f  Coleraine  Six  others  ran.  Won  by  a  length.  THE  LIVERPOOL  AUTUMN  HANDICAP  STEEPLE  CHASE  Of  100  sovs.,  added  to  a  Sweepstakes  of  5  sovs.  each.  30  subs.  Mr.  Higginson  nas  b  g  Crabbs,  aged,  Bst  101  b  Fowler  1 STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Balfe's  br  m  Daphne,  6 STYLE=superscript  vrs  ost  ..  D.  Mean)  , STYLE=superscript  2  Captain  Pasco  nas  b  m  Royal  Blue,  ag,  9st  21b  A.  Clarke  3  The  following  also  ran  :—Ringleader,  lOst  ;  Thirkleby,  lOst  ;  Sir  Philip,  9st  101  b  ;  Now  or  Never,  9st  61b  ;  Dearest  Mae,  9st  51b  ;  Spring,  9st  51b  ;  Miss  Purdon,  9st  ;  and  The  Dwarf,  Bst  101  b.  To  the  astonishment  and  annoyance  of  many  who  had  backed  him  heavily,  Oscar  was  declared  not  to  start  about  half  an  hour  before  the  commencement  of  the  race.  Won  easily  by  several  lengths.  The  AINTREE  PLATE  Handicap  of  70  sovs.,  for  all  ages.  One  mile.-49  subs.  _  Mr.  Saxon's  Calot,  7st  41b  Clements  1  Fifteen  others  ran.—Won  by  a  head.  A  SELLING  STAKE  of  50  sous.  each,  with  30  soya.  added.  T.Y.C.  Eight  subs.  Mr.  French's  b  f  Coleraine,  3  yrs,  £3O,  7st  41b  Charlton  1  Seven  others  ran.  —Won  by  a  length.  The  Cabinet  Council  held  on  Tuesday  lasted  four  hours.  All  the  ministers  were  present.  THE  .REASON  •WHY  A  CABMAN  OBJECTS  TO  BEING  HIRED  BY  TlME.—Because  &#34;'  Ti  4  distance  lends  enchantment  to  the  view  !  ratifying  my  criticisms  by  any  alterations  now  to  be  I  I  TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA."
