text
"take'  care  not  to  go  back,  and  we  will  not  have  the  riot  and  disorder  that  took  place  on  a  former  occasion.  The  mode  will  be  restraining  their  own  passions,  and,  as  far  as  their  in influence  fluence influence  goes,  restraining  the  passions  of  those  who  arc  about  them.  This  is  the  best  advice  would  give.  I  refrain  altogether  from  stating  which  is  in  the  right  or  which  is  in  the  wrong  ;  if,  in  such  a  contest,  there  be  a  right  or  wrong.  But  in  giving  .an  opinion,  there  ought  to  he  no  compul compulsion  sion compulsion  on  either  part.  _  The  proceedings  in  connection  with'  appeals  then  ter terminated.  minated. terminated.  During  the  proceedings  the  court  was  crowded  to  excess  by  male  factory  operatives,  and  one-half  of  the  gallery  of  the  court  by  .  females.  When  an  important  fact  was  elicited  in  croSs-exammation  by  counsel,  on  a  striking  point  made  by  Mr..  Sergeant  Wilkins,  their  enthusiasm  could  scarcely  be  repressed,  and  on  one  or  two  occasions  a  burst  of  applause,  followed  by  clapping  of  lmnds  The  femiles  Ivor(  not  least  . STYLE=superscript  energetic  or  noisy  PUBLIC  MEETING  OF  THE  OPERATIVES  At  half-past  three  o'clock  a  meeting  of  operatives  was  held  in  the-  Orchard.  The  afternoon  was  fine,  and  no  less  than  from  5,000  to  6,000  persons  were  assembled.  Mr.  John  Brockhurst,  of  Stockport,.  was  called  to  - STYLE=superscript  the  chair.  The  CHAIRMAN  in  opening  the  proceedings  said  everything  was  proceeding  satisfactorily  for  the  welfare  of  Preston,  and  they  would  have  a  subscription  such  as  never  came  in  before  to  *hem  Mr.  GRINISHA.W  2  of  Great  Harwood,  announced  to  the  meeting  that  they  had  that  week  made  Lancashire  ring.  Not  a  town,  village  or  hamlet  in  it  which  they  had  not  visited,  and  in  which  they  had  not  received  subscrip subscriptions,  tions, subscriptions,  and  they  wopid  roll  into  Preston  on  Sunday,  no  less  a  sum  than  £2,000.  (Cheers.)  Blackburn  would  send  at  least  £500;  Stockport  £300;  Padiham  and  Burnley  had  made  an  additional  levy  of  3d.  per  loom,  in  addition  to  supporting  their  own  men  on  strike.  (Cheers.)  Did  they  not  tell  them  truly  when  the  cotton  lords  of  Pres Preston  ton Preston  closed  their  mills  they  would  double  their  levy,  and  roll  in  6d.  a  loom,  and  if  that  did  not  do  they  would  roll  in  Is.  a  loom.  They  were  determined  to  win  this  contest.  (Cheers  .)  The  masters  might  calumniate  them  about  leading  the  people  by  the  nose,  but  they  would  lead  them,  and  the  masters  could  not  help  it.  Public  opinion  was  so  raised  that  the  haughty  cotton  lords  of  Preston  would  be  be  taught  such  a  lesson  in  this  crusade  as  they  should  not  forget  for  the  next  half  century.  The  press  declared  a  few  weeks  ago  that  the  operatives  would  beistarved  to  death.  They  little  knew  the  position  of  the  operatives.  They  were  in  the  dark.  He  begged  to  propose  the  following  motion  :  —  me  ß  et  e  i  s  n  o  g  lv  as  ed  s  —  em  T  b  h  le  a  d  t  ,  s  th  e  :e  ing  in  t  l  h  ia  a  h  t  i  t  t  h  al  e  habitants  as  o  p  f  m  P  a  j  r  o  e  r  to  y  n  in STYLE=superscript  tof  hpeumbliac hpeumbliacnufacturers  nufacturers hpeumbliacnufacturers  of  Preston  have  closed  their  mills  for  the  express  purpose  of  starving  into  submission  those  operatives  who  are  nobly.  struggling  for  a  fair  remuneration  for  their  labour,  and  to  still  reduce  lower  and  lower  the  operatives  in  the  social  scale,  this  meeting  enters  its  solemn  protest  against  such  proceedinbr,  believing  such  an  -act  to  be  unjust,  tyrannical,  and  Where  was  the  haughty  cotton  lord  who  could  deny  they  had  closed  their  mills  to  starve  the  operatives  into  submission  ?  If  there  was  not  one  to  justify  such  a  course,  he  was  justified  in  saying,  those  cotton  lords  were  entitled  to  their  emphatic  censure.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  were  determined  to  have  money  by  hook  or  by  crook,  or  England  would  be  shaken  to  its  very  centre.  The  cotton  ,lords  were  in  a  dilemma  already  :  they  were  dead  beaten.  What  had  they  done  ?  They  had  employed  the  miserable.  Dispatch,  and  the  London  Times,  to  write  the  operatives  down,  to  show  the  evil  of  strikes,  and  they  were  distributing  them  wholesale  in  the  manufacturing  towns.  The  masters  might  write  as  they  liked,  but  the  operatives  were  determined  to  have  the  10  per  cent.,  and  they  were  miserably  vexed  because  they  had  all  the  women  of  England  with  them.  (Cheers.)  In  Blackburn,  the  operatives  had  resolved  to  deal  with  no  shop-keeper  who  had  not  subscribed  in  aid  of  the  funds  of  the  turn-outs.  (Hear,  hear).  The  public  feeling  was  at  such  a  height  it  was  impossible  they  could  be  defeated.  The  masters  might  give  up  as  soon  as  they  would  or  they  might  protract  the  struggle,  but  they  were  determined  to  have  the  10  per  cent.  granted  in  Preston  before  they  gave  up.  (Cheers).  Mr.  LUKE  WooD,  of  Stockport,  seconded  the  resolution,  he  showed  that  within  the  last  few  years  that  the  value  of  exports  from  this  country  had  increased  upwards  of  19  millions,  and  he  asked  where  had  this  increase  gone  ?  surely  not  into  the  hands  of  tne  workinm.  classes  ;  he  ridiculed  the  idea  that  the  masters  could  :not  afford  the  advance  of  ten  per  cent.,  and  called  on  the  Burgesses  of  Preston  to  remem remember  ber remember  the  first  of  Nov.,  and  by  their  influence  to  prevent  a  manufacturer  getting  into  the  Council.  They  should  not  vote  for  any  person  who  was  not  pledged  to  prevent  a  Pres Preston  ton Preston  manufacturer  occupying  the  civil  chair,  unless  the  manu manufacturer  facturer manufacturer  was  Mr.  Godair.  Mr.  CORRELL  was  the  next  speaker,  he  detailed  the  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  connected  with  his  visit  to  Crew,  Brighton,  Staffordshire,  and  assured  this  meeting  that  large  sums  would  flow  froth  - STYLE=superscript  those  districts.  Mr.  Warrom  of  Blackburn,  also  addressed  the  meeting,  and  the  proceedings  terminated.  einnonee  vet  nresents  itself  that  an  amicable  arrangement  wince  speedily  come  to  uetween  mas masters  ters masters  and  men  in  this  locality.  Both  parties  seem  determined  to  continue  the  struggle  to  the  utmost.  Delegates  from  Preston  are  now  travelling  through  all.  parts  of  the  country  endeavouring  to  raise  funds  to  enable  the  men  to  hold  out  against  the  masters.  During  the  past  week,  we  learn.  that  upwards  of  forty  families  have  left  Preston  for  other  manu manufacturing  facturing manufacturing  towns,  with  a  view  of  seeking  employment.  The  subscriptions,  in  aid  of  the  turn-outs,  from  all  parts  of  the  country  is  stated  to  amount  t  his  week  to  £2OOO.  Notwith Notwithstanding  standing Notwithstanding  the  number  of  people  out  of  employment,  and  the  excitement  which  must  necessarily  exist,  the  most  profound  peace  reigns  throughout  Preston,  but  the  business  of  the  town  is  now  feeling  the  effects  of  the  strike,  and  it  is  much  complained  of.  The  factory  hands,  when  the  weather  allows  it,  spend  the  greater  portion  of  their  time  on  the  marsh,  in  playing  marbles,  kicking  foot-ball,  and  other  games,  and  they_have  vastly  improved  in  appearance,  since  the  turn-out.  We  give  elsewhere  full  reports  of  the  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  at  Preston,  on  Saturday.  During  the  week  five  ad additional  ditional additional  mills  have  stopped.  the  following  is  a  list  of  mills  locked  up,  and  horse-power  unemployed.  Horrockses,  Miller,  &amp;  Co.,  347  ;  John  Paley,  167  ;  T.  Ainsworth,  &amp;  Co.,  160  ;  Paul  Catterall,  Son,  and  Co.,  140;  John  Hawkins  and  Sons,  115;  Swainson  Brothers,  100  ;  Humber  brothers,  100  '  •  Daniel  Arkwright,  100;  Birley  Brothers,  90  ;  S.  and  J.  Seed,  90;  Horrocks,  Jacson  and  Co.,  88  ;  J.  and  A.  Leigh,  80  ;  Wm.  Bashall,  jun.,  80  ;  William  Taylor  and  Co.,  64;  Richard  Threlfall,  61;  Miles  Rodgett.  50  ;  William  Dawson,  50  ;  J.  and  It.  Walker,  50;  Gardner  and  Naylor,',so  . STYLE=superscript  ;  J.  and  J.  Ilaslam,  40  ;  James  Naylor,  40;  Thomas  Mc  Guffog,  30;  Gardner  and  Rigg,  30;  Sharples  and  Wilding,  40  ;  George  Smith,  28  ;  T.  J.  Gar Garrington,  rington, Garrington,  26  ;  Edward.  Edge,  26  ;  John  Clayton,  24  ;  Gra Gratrix  trix Gratrix  Brothers  and  Co..  24  ;  Lancaster,  and  Isherwood,  20  ;  T.  Grundy  and  Co.  '  14  ;  W.  Shaw  and  Co..  14  ;  Ralph  Worden,  10  ;  Robert  Almond,  12  ;  George  Corry,  10  ;  Wm.  Seed,  10.  .  NONV  RUNNING,  AND  INTENDING  TO  DO  SO.—Napier  and  Goodair,  180  horse  power  ;  German  and  Petty  (flax)  90  ditto  ;  It.  Gardner,  80  ditto  ;  Hincksman  and  Furness  .  (flax)  40  ditto  ;  Hugh  Dawson,  (new  mill)  40  ditto  ;  Slaters  and  Smith,  30  ditto  ;  W.  Paley,  30  ditto  •  It.  Goodair,  20  ditto  ;  J.  Williamson,  20 STYLE=superscript  ditto  ;  Gardner  a  nd  Welsh,  20  ditto  ;W.  Boys,  16  ditto  ;  It.  Miller,  12  ditto  ;  Jamac  Calvert.  10  ditto;  J.  Gillow,  8  ditto.  RUNNING,  BUT  UNDER  NOTICE,  —E.  Hollins,  59  . STYLE=superscript  horse  power  :  T.  Blackhurst  and  Co.,  20 STYLE=superscript  ditto.  ••  •  In  addition  to  the  above  also  locked  up,  are  the  following  mills  :  —Fishwick:  Swainson,  Birley,  and  Co.,  Richard  Riley.  Ilra/  ton  :  W.  Cavert,  and  Son,  W.  Eccles,  and  Co.,  Messrs.  Ashworth,  Rodgett  Bross.  Farington  :W.  Bashall  and  Co.  Lostock,  :  R.  Orell,  Bagshall  and  Co.  Iti  is  calculated  that  the  firms  who  intend  to  continue  run running  ning running  employ  about  5,000  hands,  and  pays  in  wages  about  £2,600  weekly."
