text
"THE  NORTHERN  POLICE  COURTS.-YESTERDAY  LIVERPOOI  THE  ROBBERY  IN  GLOUCESTER-STREET.  John  Pieka Piekavance  vance Piekavance  was  again  brought  up  charged  with  being  one  of  the  parties  who,  on  Satnrday,  the  30th  of  July  last,  robbed  Mr.  Wm.  Chisnall,  of  Seaforth,  in  Gloucester-street.  Prosecutor  swore  to  the  identity  of  the  prisoner,  and  stated  that  he  had  described  him  to  the  police  at  the  time.  A  new  feature  in  the  case  however  transpired.  The  prisoner  brought  forward  a  certificate  from  the  foreman  of  Mr.  Preston,  veterinary  surgeon,  Park,  stating  that  on  the  date  named,  the  man  was  at  work  all  day  ;  whilst  a  fellow  workman  swore  that  about  the  time  the  robbery  took  place,  (half  -past  seven  in  the  evening,)  prisoner  was  with  him  in  Hughes  and  Bishop's  public-house,  Park.  Mr.  Clough  produced  the  report-book,  by  which  a  serious  discrepancy  in  prosecutor's  evidence  appeared.  He  did  not  describe  the  prisoner  on  the  night  of  the  robbery,  nor  could  he,  because  he  was  himself  entered  as  being  drunk.  The  prisoner  was  discharged.  CommiTTALs.  Mary  Fowler  was  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprisonment,  for  stealing  wearing  apparel  out  of  a  cellar  where  she  lodged.—John  Hughes,  for  robbing  a  clothes'  line  at  a  brickfield  in  Smithdown-lane,  when  drunk,  and  having  a  petticoat,  part  of  the  property,  on  his  person  when  taken,  was  fined  55.,  or  three  days  in  prison.  John  Powell  and  John  Haekin  were  committed  for  three  months  each,  for  having  in  their  possession  and  offering  for  sale  at  John  Austine's,  marine  store,  Regent's-road,  a  quantity  of  copper,  stolen  from  a  warehouse  in  Walter Walterstreet,  street, Walterstreet,  north  side  of  Stanley-dock  ;  they  were  known  to  the  police,  and  had  been  before  committed.  VITRIOL  THROWING.—Ann  Webster  charged  on  Mon Monday  day Monday  last,  with  seriously  injuring  the  face  of  her  husband  by  throwing  vitriol  over  him  whilst  asleep,  was  further  remanded,  upon  a  certificate  from  the  dispensary,  that  he  was  not  yet  able  to  go  out.  CHARGE  OF  GAROTTE  ROBBERY  AND  FELONIOUS  ASSAULT.  —Jonathan  Carr  was  put  forward  by  officer  61,  who  stated,  that  on  Wednesday  night,  at  half-past  ten,  he  was  on  duty  in  Melbourne-street,  Mount  Pleasant,  when  he  heard  a  cry  of  and  stop  He  gave  the  alarm,  and  then  saw  a  man  making  his  escape  from  a  woman,  and  that,  ,when  he  perceived  the  officer,  he  dropped  a  victorine.  Offi Officer  cer Officer  promptly  arrested  the  prisoner,  and  took  the  charge  from  the  woman.  _  _  _  Agnes  Johnson,  a  respectable  looking  and  lady-like  per person,  son, person,  stated  that  e  resided  at  28,  Leander-street,  she  was  going  home  through  Melbourne-street  on  the  night  in  question,  when  prisoner  came  up  to  her  and  made  some  proposals,  which  she  indignantly  rejected,  calling  him  a  low  ruffian.  Prisoner  immediately  put  his  arms  round  her,  thereby  pinioning  her,  and  then  knocked  her  down  twice.  He  then  committed  an  assault  of  an  indecent  nature  upon  her,  and  finally,  half-choked  her,  making  off  with  the  ,victorine.  .  A  gentleman  deposed  that  he  saw  the  prisoner  running  in  the  direction,  and  turning  the  corner  of  Cambridge-street,  into  Mulberry-street.  The  prisoner,  in  his  defence,  said  the  prosecutrix  made  proposals  to  him  in  the  first  instance.  This  the  prosecntrix  denied  with  tears,  stating  that  her  'husband  had  lately  left  her,  and  that  she  now  lived  with  the  'widow  of  a  gentleman  who  had  held  a  respectable  situation  in  the  excise.  The  Magistrate  said  the  outrage  complained  of  was  a  very  gross  one,  and  they  should  remand  the  case  to  this  day,  in  order  that  the  police  might  make  further  inquiries  into  it.  OBTAINING  MONEY  TINDER  FALSE  PRETENCES.—Frank  Brady,  an  intelligent  looking  lad,  was  put  forward,  charged  with  obtaining  various  small  sums  of  money  under  false  pretences.  Mr.  Alfred  Castellain,  a  merchant,  of  St.  Anne's-lane,  Aigburgh,  deposed  that  about  three  months  ago  the  prisoner  came  to  his  house,  apparently  in  great  distress,  and  stated  that  he  was  the  son  of  a  person  named  Jones  in  deponent's  employment,  that  his  father  was  going  into  the  Infirmary,  and  wanted  a  pair  of  trowsers  and  a  couple  of  shirts.  The  artful  rogue  cried  bitterly  as  he  made  this  statement.  Witness  gave  him  what  he  required,  and  next  day  discovered  the  imposition  that  had  been  practised  upon  him.  Mr.  Charles  Cummins,  of  Liverpool,  stated  the  prisoner  came  to  the  office  on  Wednesday  last,  and  stated  that  his  father,  Jones,  in  the  employment  of  the  firm  to  which  witness  belongs,  had  suddenly  burst  three  blood-vessels,  and  was  gone  into  the  Infirmary,  and  that  he,  prisoner,  wanted  three  shillings  to  take  him  to  Manchester,  where  he  was  promised  employment.  This  tale  completely  imposed  on.  Mr.  Cummins,  who  g  a  ve  him  the  three  shillings,  and  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  discovered  the  imposition.  This  artful  young  actor  Iwas  sentenced  to  three  months  imprisonment.  JUVENILE  TRlEVES.—Patrick  Bryan,  _Edward  Fitzpatrick,  and  lames  Gill,  three  mere  infants,  were  put  forward,  charged  with  stealing  boots  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Thomas  Ankers,  boot-maker,  Byrom-street.  The  officer  got  one  odd  boot  on  Bryan,  which  the  owner  identified.  A  smaller  child  was  put  forward,  who  was  the  person  who  took  the  property.  !Gill  was  known  to  the  police,  and  was  remanded;  the  other  'unfortunate  children  were  given  up  to  their  parents,  who  were  in  attendance.  UTTERING  BASE  COlN.—Elizabeth  Smith  was  put  for forward  ward forward  by  officer  20,  charged  with  passing  threb  base  crowns,  i.,ar---.,  1.,  ch.  bliop  or  r,ir.  -vrooawata,  io,  Paradise-street.  The  prosecutor  proved  the  offence,  and  the  counterfeit  money  was  produced.  Prisoner,  in  her  defence,  said  that  she  had  been  charing  for  a  Mr.  Levi,  10,  Parker-street,  and  there  found  this  base  coin.  The  officer  said  he  had  gone  to  No.  10,  Parker-street,  and  searched  the  house,  where  he  found  a  card,  which  he  pro produced  duced produced  to  the  following  No.  10,  Parker-street,  --  1853.  To  be  paid,  scratched  or  The  half-crowns  were  particularly  well  executed.  On  the  prisoner's  person  were  also  found  14  counterfeit  half  crowns,  3  crowns,  and  24  shillings.  Remanded.  AN  ADEPT.—John  Forrester,  a  well  known  pickpocket,  mentioned  in  our  paper  of  yesterday,  as  having  been  taken  on  his  way  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  in  Whitechapel,  with  seven  silk  handkerchiefs  on  his  person,  was  brought  up  and  remanded.  STREET  ROBBERY.--Elizabeth  Brown  and  Margaret  Gowe,  charged  by  No.  702  with  robbing  a  gentleman  named  Joseph  West,  of  21  sovereigns,  in  Birkett  street,  were  dis discharged,  charged, discharged,  the  prosecutor  not  appearing.  BRUTALITY.—John  Cosgreve  was  remanded  to  this  day,  charged  with  a  felonious  assault  on  a  little  girl  six  years  of  age,  named  Anne  Lydiott,  Maguire-street,  at  half-past  seven  on  Wednesday  evening.  ROBBERY  IN  THE  RIVER  ST.  LAWRANCE.—  WilliaM  son,  Thomas  _al  - STYLE=superscript  Totem,  and  James  Cain  were  charged  with  stealing  divers  articles  of  wearing  apparel  in  the  river  St.  Lawrance,  belonging  to  a  ship-mate  named  James  Bates.  They  were  in  the  ship  Cape  Rush,  of  Quebec,  on  her  voyage  to  Liverpool.  The  case  was  fully  proved  ;  but  the  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  had  no  jurisdiction,  as  the  robbery  was  committed  in  a  river  of  another  country,  and  not  on  the  high  seas.  WATCH  ROBBERY.-  William  Rigley,  an  intelligent  look looking  ing looking  young  lad  of  18,  was  committed  for  trial  to  the  sessions,  charged  with  stealing  a  watch  on  the  23rd  of  May  .  last,  from  Anne  Hoyle,  in  a  public-house  and  eating-house  in  Stanley Stanleystreet.  street. Stanleystreet.  He  was  arrested  in  Salford,  by  a  Manchester  officer  (419)  just  as  he  left  the  sessions  -house,  immediately  after  being  acquitted  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  sum  of  £37.  BIRKENHEAD.  -  -  PASSING  BASE  COlN.—Felix  Alford  was  charged  with  passing  base  coin  under  the  following  circumstances.  It  ap appeared  peared appeared  the  prisoner  went  into  Mr.  Williams's  shop,  Argyle Argylestreet,  street, Argylestreet,  and  paid  ls.  6d.  for  a  sponge  bag,  when  the  prosecu prosecutor  tor prosecutor  returned  him  a  half  sovereign  and  Bs.  6d.,  after  some  little  time  had  elapsed,  prisoner  said  the  bag  was  too  small  ;  and  asked  for  the  sovereign,  while  he  would  go  fetch  the  old  bag,  prosecutor  gave  him  the  soverei,,mn  back;  and  prisoner  returned  the  change  he  had  received,  and  walked  out,  but  the  prosecutor  having  some  suspicion,  examined  the  change,  and  found  prisoner  had  given  him  a  bad  half  sovereign  ;  he  followed  him,  and  gave  him  in  charge  to  police-officer  Can Canning,  ning, Canning,  to  whom  he  gave  a  wrong  address.  Prosecutor  was  positive  that  he  gave  the  prisoner  a  good  half  sovereign.—  Remanded.  CILAILGE  OF  PICE.DIG  PocKETs.--William  Thompson,  swell  mobsman,  nicknamed  Thummy  f  rom  4.-  of  his  h  a  vin  g  +lv.  halm,  'was  charged;with  picking  pockets  at  a  stall  in  Campden-street.  Patrick  Luggan,  a  porter,  deposed  as  follows  :  I  am  a  por porter,  ter, porter,  I  noticed  the  prisoner  at  Mr.  Hodgson's  sale  in  -Camp -Campden-street, STYLE=superscript  den-street, -Campden-street,  amongst  the  parties  that  had  their  pockets  picked  ;  there  was  an  alarm  of  picking  pockets  given  in  the  room,  upon  which  prisoner  came  out  and  ran  through  seve several  ral several  streets;  he  was  pursued  by  an  officer,  and  was  ultimately  apprehended.  A  lady,  named  Mrs.  Hayes,  who  had  her  pocket  picked  of  2s.  6d.,  Is:,  6d.,  a  florin,  and  two  sous,  at  the  sale,.  appeared  in  court  against  the  prisoner.  At  the  time  the  prisoner  was  taken  into  custody,  one  half-crown,  ls.,  and  6d.  were  found  in  his  possession;  there  was  a  female  seen  with  him.  The  other  lady  who  had  her  pocket  picked  would  not  appear.  The  prisoner,  in  his  defence,-  stated  that  he  was  a  tailor,  and  that  he  could  get  a  character  at  any  time  from  Mr.  Thomas,  of  Piccadilly.  He  was  ordered  to  be  put  down,  until  the  magistrates  should  consider  what  course  they  would  pursue.  SUSPECTED  ROBBERY.--Catherine  Butler,  one  of  the  do domestic  mestic domestic  servants  at  the  Emigration  Depot,  was  charged  by  Mr.  Smith,  Superintendent  of  the  Emigration  Depot,  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  bed-clothes,  Jane  Brown,  Peter  Evoy,  and.  Wife  with  receiving  the  property.  Mr.  Smith,  having  missed  several  sheets,  and  other  articles,  and  the  prisoner,  Catherine  Butler,  seen  several  times  in  Peter  M'Evoy's  house  caused  him  to  take  out  a  search-warrant,  having  on  a  previous  occasion  reason  for  suspecting,  the  prisoner,  Butler.  He  gave  detec detective  tive detective  Hodson  the  warrant,  who  afterwards  searched  Peter  M'Evoy's  house  in  Cleveland-avenue,  accompanied  by  another  police  officer,  and  found  the  greater  part  of  the  pro property  perty property  ;  there  was  also  some  of  the  property  found  at  Jane  Brown's  house,  all  of  which  was  fully  identified  by  Mr.  Smith,  as  belonging  to  the  Emigration  '  Depot.  Re Remanded  manded Remanded  till  Monday.  ROBBERY  OF  BRAS  - STYLE=superscript  S.—Laurence  Coleman  and  Mary  Cole Coleman,  man, Coleman,  his  wife,  were  charged  on  suspicion  of  stealing  .  a  quan quantity  tity quantity  of-brasi,  and  Alice  Gibbs  with  receiving  it.  knowing  it  to  hate  been  stolen.  John  Higgins,  of  the  Liverpool  detective  foree;  with  several  other  detectives,  were  engaged  to  watch  a  marine  store,  kept  by  Alice  Gibb,  when  they  noticed  Mary  Cole  'man  go  into  the  marine  store,  and  take  a  quantity  of  brass  from  under  her  shawl,  and  lay  it  on  the  counter.  De De:Waive  :Waive De:Waive  Dug*  ,went  fifi  4ndlied  Xra,  Gibb  if  she  had  any"
