text
"of  a  son.  On  the  27th  ultimo  , STYLE=superscript  a  t STYLE=superscript  6,  Bayswater-  Bishop  of  Cape  Town,  of  a  daughtp-  IARRIAGES  On  the  3rd  instant,  at  Sephton  Church,  by  the  Rev.  Arthur  Starkey.  Fellow  of  St.  John's  College,  Oxford.  Captain  Starkey,  H.  E.  I  C.  SA  late  commandant  of  the  3rd  Sikh  Infantry,  eldest  son  of  John  Cross  Starkey,  Esq.,  of  Wrenbury-hall,  Cheshire,  to  Eleanor,  se:ond  daughter  of  Charles  Robert  Simpson,  Esq.,  of  Waterloo.  On  the  4th  instant,  at  St.  Andrew's  Scotch  Church,  Rodney-street,  Mr.  Owen  Williams,  of  this  town,  to  Miss  Jane  Hughes,  of  Everton Evertoncrescent.  crescent. Evertoncrescent.  On  the  4th  instant,  at  St,  David's  Church,  Brownlow-hill,  George  Edwin  Tryg_an  Burton,  Esq.,  son  of  the  late  Captain  F.  P.  P.  Burton,  of  Bryn,  Beaumaris,  to  Miss  Catharine  Williams,  of  this  town.  On  t  3rd  instant  I  the  Parish  Church  nutsford,  Thomas  'aylor,  Esq.,  of  the  firm  of  Harrop,  Taylor  and  Pearson,  of  lanehtster,  to  Emily,  daughter  of  James  Roscoe,  Esq.,  of  Knutsford  .  DEATHS  On  the  3rd  instant,  at  Upper  Hill-street,  Toxteth-park,  aged  31  years,  James  Muir,  youngest  son  of  Captain  M'Leod,  of  the  ship  Panama.  On  the  29th  ultimo,  at  Kilrush,  in  the  county  Clare,  aged  100  years,  Margaret,  relict  of  Mr.  S.  Grogan.  sen.  On  the  sth  instant,  at  his  residence,  Blackrock,  after  a  few  days'  illness,  the  Hon  Cecil  Lawless,  second  son  o  f STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  late STYLE=superscript  Lord STYLE=superscript  Cloncurr STYLE=superscript  y  , STYLE=superscript  and  M.P.  for  Clonmel.  On  the  2nd  instant,  at  No.  17.  Coates-crescent,  Miss  Grace  Dalrymple  Hay,  second  daughter  of  the  late  Sir  John  Dalrymple  Hay,  of  Park-place,  Bart.  On  the  30th  ultimo,  of  consumption,  aged  25  years,  at  No.  4,  Har.  grave's  quay,  Cork,  Mr.  George  Faulds,  Foreman  P  a  tt  ern  M  a  k  er  ,  Cork  Steam  Ship  Company'  s STYLE=superscript  v  c  o  n  u  t  n  li  t  e  e  urstuthulwt  ,  HaterHznaddyosph.,lious  the  Right  Hon.  Jane  wail  in  the  77th  year  of  her"
