text
"Maritime  Extracts.  The  Prince  of  Orange,  has  fallen  over  in  the  Brunswick  Graving  Dock  Jacob  A  Westervile,  put  back  leaky  The  steam-tugs  have  returnad  from  the  Sillery,  being  unable  to  render  any  assistance.  The  American  clipper  ship,  Challenge,  from  Whampoa,  to  London,  is  reported  to  have  put  into  Fayal,  leaky.  The  new  screw  steam-ship,  Lusitania,  on  a  trial  trip,  is  a  ground  off  Rock  Ferry.  Ann,  Holsberg  ;  Catherina,  Larmek,  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  at  Adelaide  Dicky  Power,  Liverpool  at  Panama  Imperial,  from  Cardiff.  at  Panama  Lady  Gough,  sailed  from  Buena  Ventura,  '  Sept  10,  for  Valpariaso  The  Fandbach.  sailed.  from  Demerara,  Oct  1,  and  Dagaer,  Oct  8  both  for  Liverpool  Dandy,  Hugh,  from  Liverpool  at  Callao  Northumberland.  Finlay  :  Caroline,  Pritch  lard,  at  Chinchas,  and  both  sailed  for  England.  Earl  of  Harewood,  ~-  T STYLE=superscript  wentyman  ;  Mary  Ann,  Harrison,  Cardiff  ;  Forfarshire,  Smith,  Cardiff  ;  Woodstock,  Williams,  from  Melbourne;  Ida.  Sheddings,  from  Melbourne;  Albus,  Gregory,  ,  '  from  Australia,  and  sailed  for  Chinghas  ;  Petrel,  Baxter,  from  (  hincha  '  and  sailed  for  Valencia;  Tay.  Clarke,  from  Bayti;  General  Wistshire,  Allison  at  Coquimbo;  all  at  Callao.  Argentina,  sailed  from  Callao,  Sept  13,  and  Erin  Go  Brah,  and  Yeoman,  Sept  27,  all  for  England  ;  Robert  NV  hiteway.  from  Islay,  and  sailed  Sept  5,  for  Liverpool  ;  •  Elgin,  from  Callao;  Henry  Chapman,  Fordyce,  at  San  Francisco  ;  Catherine  Ewen,  from  Iquique  ;  Circassian,  Coff,  from  California  ;  all  at  Val Valparaiso,  paraiso, Valparaiso,  Curragmore.  from  Panama  ;  Wm.  Barber,  Suellor,  from  Manganilla  ;  both  at  Valparaiso.  Ann  Ba  dwin,  from  Liverpool  at  Iquigue.  Lady  Hilda,  sailed  from  Barbados,  Sept  27,  for  Liverpool.  Flora  M•Donald,  Merrill  ;  Peru,  Larrachea  ;  Carl  •  International,  Brown,  from  Liverpool  at  St.  Thomas  Mary  Allan,  Scott,  sailed  from  Kingston,  rOct  4,  for  Montego  Bay  Irlam.  Jackson,  from  Liverpool  at  Havana  Mercutio,  Mellein,  sailed  from  Saranilla,  Sept  47,  for  Liverpool.  and  Countess  of  Zet Zetland.  land. Zetland.  Sept  30  for  London.  Danube,  (s.s)  from  Liverpool  at  Trieste  1  Calpe,  (s.s)  from  Liverpool  at  Messina  Britannia.  from  Liverpool  at  Barcelona,  and  ordered  to  Port  Mahon  for  quarantine  Antante,  Ingram  ;  Kennett,  sailed  from  Denia,  for  Liverpool,  Oct  19.  HOLYHEA  I),  Nov.  2.  The  Compeer,  Weeks  from  Liverpool:  to  Terceira,  was  towed  in  here,  last  night,  with  loss  of  rudder,  anchors  and  chains,  having  struck  on  the  furlongs,  on  Monday  night.  ISLE  OF  MAN,  Nov.  1.  Portions  df  the  wreck  of  a  vevel.  have  been  , STYLE=superscript  driven  on  shore.  near  Port  St.  Mary's,  on  one  piece  is  the  name  Apame,  in  gilt  letters,  cut  in  he  board.  Mem.-1  he  Apame,  from  Liv Livlerpool  lerpool Livlerpool  to  Lisbon,  put  into  Beaumaris,  Oct  29.  DEAL,  Nov.  2.  The  Helen  of  Liverpool.  from  Shields  to  Galway,  got  in  contact  w  th  an  Austrian  brig.  lying  in  the  Downs,  and  3  of  her  crew  jumped:  on  board  the  latter,  and  were  landed  here  this!  morning  ;  nothing  further  is  known  of  the,  ___  Helen.  STRANBAER,  Oct  31.  A  brig,  name  unknown,  is  on  shsre  in  the'  lower  part  of  the  Bay.  BELFAST,  Nov.  3,  The  Ashburton,  Al`William.  from  New  t STYLE=superscript  York  to  Liverpool,  put  into  this  Lough,  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  with  loss  of  fore  yards,  having  been  in  contact  with  a  brig,  off  vointLynas.  The  England,  which  arrived  here  yesterday,  eucountered  a  heavy  westerly  gale,  Oct  lat  50.  long  26,  next  day  passed  a  quantity  of  wreck,  weather  then  fine.  The  Ohio,  which  arrived  here  yesterday,  en encountered  countered encountered  heavy  gales,  and  pumped  up  eargo,'  Oct  z  2,  lat  49,  long  .  lb.  was  twice  struek  by  lightening,  which  injured  some  of  the  crew  and  passengers,  splintered  main-top  mast,  and'  damaged  main  mast  Leis!.  Continent,  Drummond,  from  New  York,  at  Liverpool,  leaky,  with  part  of  cargo  thrown  overboard,  loss  of  boats,  titc.,  having  eneonu-;"
