text
"MANCHESTER  NtrisANcE  CAsEs.  l STYLE=superscript  —Janies  Boardman,  residing  in  Union Unionstreet,  street, Unionstreet,  Tames  Dickinson,  West  Fleet-street,  and  James  Thompson,  West  Fleet-street,  appeared  in  answer  to  sum summonses  monses summonses  preferred  against  them  for  nuisances,  created  in  the  neighbourhood  of  their  dwellings,  by  their  keeping  pigs.  The  Town  Clerk  of  Salford,  (Mr.  Charles  Gibson)  appeared  in  support  of  the  complaints,  and  Mr.  W.  P.  Roberts.  solicitor,  for  the  defendants.  The  cases  having  been  gone  through,  the  bench  granted  a  week  to  the  defendants,  to  enable  them  to  remove  the  pigs,  and  thus  abate  the  nuisance  complained  of.  NUISANCE  IN  PENDLETON.  —Mr.  John  Greenwood,  the  extensive  omnibus  proprietor  at  Pendleton,  appeared  in  answer  to  a  summons,  charging  him  with  having  a  manure  heap,  &amp;c.,  behind  his  premises  at  Pendleton,  which  caused  a  nuisance  to  the  neighbourhood.  The  case  for  the  prose prosecution  cution prosecution  was  conducted  by  the  Town  Clerk  of  Salford,  (Mr.  Charles  Gibson,):and  Mr.  Greenwood  was  represented  by  Mr.  R.  B.  B.  Cobbett,  solicitor,  Manchester.  After  the  hearing  of  the  facts  of  the  case,  the  bench  remanded  it  for  a  week,  in  order  that  the  defendant  might  in  the  meantime  wait  upon  the  Nuisance  Committee  of  the  Borough,  and  with  them•  come  to  some  arrangement  respecting  the  nuisance  complained  of.  •  LITERARY  PENSION.—Her  Majesty  •  has  been  l  e  ased  to  assign  a  literary  pens  of  £lOO  a  year  t  o  Si  r  Francis  Head,  the  popular  autnor  of  from  the  and  other  popular  works.  TRE3IENDOUS  EFFECTS  OF  A  KlSS.—Nicholas  and  Francis  Joseph  have  met  at  Olmutz  ;  met  and  affectionately  fiaternised.  For  we  are  told  that  loud  applause  followed  from  the  spectators  as  the  Emperors  publicly  kissed  each  other  and  then  the  court  dinner  followed,  the  two  Emperors  spend spending  ing spending  the  evening  together  in  undisturbed  pr  i  But  this  scene  (see  last  week's  Punch)  our  artist  has  already  immortal immortalised  ised immortalised  ;  he  having  sketched  the  Imperial  couple—even  as  in  an  old  from  behind  the  The  royal  salute  has  been  embalmed  in  the  lines  of  the  Austrian  poet  laureat,  Doc Doctor  tor Doctor  Von  Wattz  Snakes  in  their  little  nests  agree,  And  'tis  a  pretty  sight,  When  Emperors  of  the  like  kid-ney,  Do  kiss  left  check  and  But  other,  and  deeper  effects  resulted.  from  that  Imperial  smack  !  And  such  a  smack  !  As  though  a  red-hot  poker  should  have  kissed  a  barrel  of  gunpowder.  For  as  checks  were  kissed—  Poland  writhed  and  groaned.  afresh  !—Hungary  clenched  her  red  right  hand,  and  renewed  her  silent  vow  !  Turkey,  with  a  flourish  of  the  sabre,  set  her  teeth  and  cried  Allah  !  Bismallah  Naples—through  King  Bomb.-  Ancora  declared.  it  in  And  Aberdeen,  folding  pacific  1  unco'  sweet—to  see  .eet  sigi:  mighty  Potentates  in  friend  Baron  Shekels  Punch—meeting  his  of  Polkherleßsoff—asked  sick  his  private  opinicn  of  .that  salute  ,bserved  it  was  a  sight  worth  a  jew's  ie  jew  had  been  Judas.—  A  JOG  FOR  BIRMINGHAM  GAOL.—A  convict,  per perhaps,  haps, perhaps,  deserves  to  have  his  head  shaved  ;  but  it  does  not  follow  that  his  treatment  should  be  altogether  barbarous,—Punch."
