text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  DOCK  COMMITTER  ALBERT  DOCK  WAREHOUSES,  The  CHAIRMAN  stated  the  working  accounts  of  the  Albert  Dock  Warehouses  for  1851,  1852,  .and  1853,  which  were  ordered  last  week,  were  now  before  the  Committee.  The  result  was,  that  the  balance  o  f  p  ro  fit  i  n  185  1  was  £22,025,  in  1852,  £16,793,  and  in  1853,  £16,363  .  All  the  details  were  there,  but  he  did  not  know  whether  the  Committee  required  them.—Mr.  GREGSON  :  The-  accounts  arc  not  de debited  bited debited  with  the  interest.—The  °HARMAN  :  No  ;  that  is  the  nett  result,  —Mr.  GREoSoN  :  The  interest  would  be  about  £l7,4oo,—The  OHAlitirAN:  I  do  not  recollect  the  exact  amount.—Mr  :  GREGSON  s  £17,400  a  year.—Mr.  ROUND ROUNDTHWAITE  THWAITE ROUNDTHWAITE  There  is  an  item  charged  in  this  year's  accounts  which  ought  to  have  gone  to  last  year's  accounts,  which  Would  make  it  less.—The  CHAIRMAN  :  We  have  altered  that.  This  year  is  now  put  in  with  what  it  ought  to  bear.—Mr.  ROBINSON  said  the  average  was  5  1-16  per  cent.  for  the  year.  —Mr.  BIGHAM  :  How  do  you  account  for  the  falling  oif  be between  tween between  1851  and  1852  ?—Mr.  ROBINSON  accounted  for  it  in  this  way.  At  the  Commencement  of  1852  they  were  very  slack;  the  warehouses  were  not  half  full;  but  during  the  last  few  months  they  were  very  full.  At  the  commmence commmencement  ment commmencement  of  the  year  1852  there  was  a  very  great  de-.  ficiency  of  goods,  —The  CHAIRMAN  In  addition  to  this,  there  has  been  paid  out  of  the  current  receipts  of  the  year  £3,182,  the  cost  of  the  hydraulic  machinery,  implements,  and  stores  unconsumed,  and  that  £3,182  we  have  the  use  of.  Mr.  GREGSON,  not  exactly  so  much,  £1,500  worth  of  stores  were  on  hand  in  1851.  The  CHAIR CHAIRMAN—Not  MAN—Not CHAIRMAN—Not  so  much.  Mr.  BIGHAM,  those  stores  were  alway  brought  in.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  £383,000  had  been  fixed  as  the  cost  for  the  Albert  Dock  Warehouses,  and  that  the  produce,  estimated  on  the  average  of  the  three  years,  £18,363  or  41  per  cent,  per  annum,  Then  there  was  a  greater  per  to  be  added  for  implements,  which  had  been  bought  of  V  out  se  current  revenue  of  the  year,  which  we  still  have  the  use  of.  Mr.  BIGHAM,  Put  it  before  us  in  another  light.  For  the  present  year,  the  nett  profit  is,  £16,363,  or  £383,000  would  give  as  something  like  £4  2s.  per  cent.,  which  we  have  been  paying  for  the  bulk  of  that  money,  and  instead  of  a  surplus,  to  lay  by,  we  are  losing  money.  The  CHAIRMAN,  we  have  been  losing  in  consequence  of  not  rising  our  labour  rate.  Mr.  RosiNsmi,  Mr.  Bigham  forgot  they  had  their  stock  implements,  &amp;c.,  which  had  been  purchssed  out  of  the  revenue.  Mr  BIGHAM,  still  you  will  not  have  4  per  cent.  He  would  ask  why  the  rates  had  not  been  before  raised  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  said  they  could  not  raise  and  lower  their  rates  every  month,  like  the  owners  of  private  warehouses  had  done.  They  were  tied  by  the  .provisions  of  an  act  of  parliament,  which  it  was  for  the  committee  to  consider  whe  ther  they  should  get  altered.  A  i- STYLE=superscript  5,  * STYLE=superscript  A  they  IT'  u  their  rates  a  fei  months  ago,  and  when  they  did  so,  they  agreed  to  go  on  with  the  old  porterage  rates,  they  found  with  a  loss,  but  the  addition  of  20  per  cent.  would  cover  any  loss  on  labour.  For  the  last  few  months  there  had  been  a  loss  on  labour  equal  to  £2,300  or  £2,400.  That  had  been  altered  by  the  resolution  of  the  sub-committee  and  approved  of  by.  the  Mayor  and  th  e  sen  i  or  magistrates,  and  would  come  into  operation  on  the  Ist  October,  which  would  make  a  great  difference.  Mr.  BIGBAM  totally  dissented  from  the  principle  laid  down  by  the  Chairman  of  the  Warehouse  Management  Committee  that  we  should  make  our  rents  at  the  lowest  possible  rate,  so  that  we  might  extend  the  trade  of  the  poor.  If  there  has  been  £383,000  expended  on  those  warehouses,  we  ought  at  first  to  secure  a  safe  return  to  cover  the  inter interest  est interest  of  the  money  we  borrow,  and  we  should  also  have  suffi suffirient  rient suffirient  to  cover  the  depreciation  of  property,  and  if  we  get  that  which  all  private  warehouse  owners  do,  we  shall  then  not  only  have  a  fair  return  for  the  capital  invested,  but  we  shall  act  justly  towards  IDrivate  interests.  If  we  let  out  those  warehouses  for  a  less  price  than  will  do,  we  are  bringing  public  capital  to  bear  against  private  interests,  without  benefitting  the  rates.  Mr.  BROCKLEBANK.—At  present  the  Albert  dock  warehouses  arc  entirely  full,  and  we  have  never  been  so  before,  - STYLE=superscript  and  probably  at  the  end  of  next  year  we  shall  be  a  bl  e  t  o  s  h  ow  a  very  different  result.  If  we  go  at  once  and  raise  our  rates,  although  there  arc  rates  on  some  articles  which  I  know  would  bear  some  rising,  it  would  be  V—  , STYLE=superscript  f  half  ~ao  means  at  once  o:  J-emptying  their  ware warehouses.  houses. warehouses.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  it  was  not  their  intention  to  work  the  warehouses  at  rates  under  those  charged  at  private  warehouses.  As  regarded  private  warehouses  it  was  only  within  the  last  few  months  thre  warehouses  became  so  full,  and  it  was  therefore  quite  clear  they  had  not  been  working  under  the  private  warehouses.  Mr.  BIGHAM.—It  is  quite  clear,  also,  those  warehouses  cost  too  much.  Mr.  SHAND.—  Yes  '  they  cost  us  too  much.  M  r  .  M  ALCOLMSON  —W  e  must  suffer  in  those  warehouses.  Mr.  ShAND.—  They  cost  us  ..tnn  .  _hut  Ave  1  (urn  ed  _  area  tlr.:ll_ha  thn  esDendibirn  in  building  them.  Mr.  Btoitnx.—lt  was  dearly  bought.  Mr.  SHAD  —Not  so  dearly  bought  if  you  profit  in  your  frifilrra  ammrrnrrtnn4.o  ...:11  4..1  •11  l•  •  ILLIALLG  allu  1  emelt  0  MUM  oy  you  will  mm  we  will  get  a  tau  return,  dearll  , STYLE=superscript  as  they  were  built,  and  all  future  erections  of  the  kind  will  be  built  at  a  much  lower  rate.  Mr.  RIGHAm:  They  were  not  built  by  contract—were  they  ?  We  gene generally  rally generally  expect  things  to  be  dono  cheaply  by  contract.  Mr.  BRocKLEDANK  :  You  cannot  separate  the  dock  and  the  warehouses,  and  from  the  Albert  dock  we  get  a  very  large  revenue.  You  cannot  separate  them.  Mr.  ROBINSON  :  The  dock  pays  better  than  any  in  town.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Take  the  dock  and  warehouses  together  they  pay  very  handsomely.  Mr.  SHAND:  You  may  argue  it  as  you  please,  but  there  is  a  great  advantage  in  having  warehouses  around  the  dock.  Mr.  ROBINS  ON  w  as  afraid  the  increased  rates  would  be  the  means  of  reducing  the  rates.  The  ware warehouses  houses warehouses  were  now  very  full,  and  the  amount  this  year  would  be  far  beyond  anything  that  had  been  since  they  were  opened.  Mr.  RIGHAM  :  You  are  taking  it  by  anticipation.  When  may  we  expect  the'  Stanley  dock  warehouses  to  be  finished  ?  Mr.  HARTLEY  :  They  are  np  to  the  second  story.  Mr.  BIGHAM  :  Could  you  give  me  anything  like  a  definite  idea  ?  Mr.  HARTLEY  :  It  will  be  Midsummer,  at  any  rate.  Mr.  SHAND:  They  ought  to  be  finished  by  November.  Mr.  HARTLEY  :  Yes.  Mr.  BIGHAM  :  When  does  the  time  ex expire  pire expire  ?  Mr.  HARTLEY  :  The  last  day  in  November.  Mr.  BIGIIAM  :  Does  the  sub-contractor  mean  to  bring  it  before  the  general  committee  ?  Mr.  SHAND  :  The  party  ° STYLE=superscript  who  has  the  contract  will  come  under  the  penalty  on  the  30th  of  November,  and  the  committee  of  works  will  not  relieve  them  from  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  It  will  be  a  question  for  this  committee.  Mr.  SHAND  :  Quite  so  .  ;  the  harbour  mas masters'  ters' masters'  sub-committee  recommended  an  alteration  in  some  of  the  buoys  to  indicate  when  channel  road  was  being  formed,  and  the  alteration  of  some  of  the  banks.  Mr.  SHAND  said  the  alteration  of  the  banks  was  in  favour  of  the  channel.  Mr.  LITTLEDALE  ;  Not  in  favour  of  the  Victoria  Channel,  but  the  surveyor  thinks  there  is  a  channel  opening  out  now  which  will  be  better  than  ever  the  Victoria  Channel  was.  SUPERANNUATION  OF  MR.  WHITE,  DOCKMASTER  It  was  recommended  that  Mr.  White,  Master  of  the  Co Coburg  burg Coburg  Dock,  who  was  incapacitated  and  unable  to  resume  his  duties,  should  be  superannuated  with  an  allowance  of  £lOO  per  annum.—The  CHAIRMAN  said,  Mr.  White  had  been  33  years  in  the  employ  of  the  Dock  Committee.  Mr.  White's  salary  was  £lBO  per  annum,  with  £4O  for  house.  he  had  been  ill  for  a  long  time,  and  it  was  quite  evident  he  had  lost  the  use  of  his  side.—Mr.  BIGHAM  :  What  right  has  he  to  £lOO  per  annum  ?  I  submit  to  Mr.  North,  we  have  no  power  to  grant  any  such  sum.—Mr.  GREGSON  :  One  of  our  old  servants,  Mr.  East,  is  already  superannuated  at  £l2O  per  annum.--  Mr.  BIGHAM  :  That  was  understood  to  be  the  last.  How  long  was  Mr.  White  Dock  master.—The  CHAIR CHAIRMAN  MAN CHAIRMAN  :  He  was  appointed  master  of  the  Clarence  Basin  in  1831,  and  master  of  the  Salthouse  Dock  in  1833.  It  is  22  years  since  he  was  appointed  Master  of  the  Clarence  Basin,  and  20  years  since  he  was  appointed  master  of  the  Salt Salthouse  house Salthouse  dock.—Mr.  BROKLEBANK  thought  they  had  resolutions  on  the  books,  which  prevented  them  giving  compensations.  —The  CHAIRMAN  thought  the  resolution  was  with  reference  to  new  appointments.  The  men  were  to  enter  into  a  club,  and  no  superannuation  was  to  be  allowed.  This  is  a  man,  30  years  in  the  employ.—Mr.  ROBINSON  :  What  is  the  age  of  Mr.  White  ?—The  CHAIRMAN  :  64  years,  I  forget  his  exact  age  ;  but  he  is  exceedingly  infirm.  Ho  was  before  the  Committee  on  the  previous  day.—Mr.  BIGHAM  :  It  is  a  very  large  sum.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  If  you  allow  any anything  thing anything  at  all  ycu  cannot  allow  less.—Mr.  BIGHAM  :  You  have  no  power  to  give  him  this.  Mr.  NORTH  :  Yes,  there  is  an  express  act.—Mr.  ROYDEN  said,  before  the  time  of  the  oldest  man  living,  it  was  customary  for  the  Dock.  Committee  to  take  care  of  its  servants:  Within  the  last  few  years  it  was  recommended  that  a  society  should  be  entered  into  ;  but  always  before,  for  a  long  time  past,  every  one  who  entered  into  the  service,  had  always,  when  he  met  with  an  accident  or  was  ill,  been  taken  care  of.  That  was  one  reason  why  they  had  such  an  efficient  staff,  and  if  the  system  were  altered  it  should  be  publicly  known.—The  CHAIRMAN  :  There  is  a  resolution  to  that  effect.—Mr.  SHAND  said  it  was  found  there  were  mem members  bers members  of  the  Society  who  had  insured  their  lives,  and  if  they  were  to  go  from  the  service  without  any  consideration,  they  would  not  have  the  means  of  meeting  the  premium.  —Mr.  BIGHAM  :  Like  every  one  else  they  should  save  up  for  the  rainy  day.  If  they  do  not  they  deserve  nothing.—Mr.  SHAND  :  You  would  not  save  a  great  deal  out  of  £l2O  per  year.—The  CHAIRMAN  :  Do  you,  Mr.  Bigharn,  move  any  resolution  ?—Mr.  BIGHAM  :  I  do  not;  I  only  protest  against  it.  Ido  not  think  I  would  get  a  seconder  here.—The  re recommendation  commendation recommendation  was  then  confirmed.  The  resignation  of  J.  R.  Parry,  dock  gateman,  was  -  accepted,  and  the  Sub-  Committee  were  authorized  to  appoint  a  person  in  his  place.  APPLICATION  FOR  AN  INCREASE  OP  WAGES  The  CHAIRMAN  intimated  there  was  a  renewed  application  for  an  increase  of  wages  by  the  Dock  gate-men.  He  then  read  the  memorial  which  they  had  sent  in.—Mr.  BIGHAM  asked  was  it  true  that  half  of  them  threatened  to  resign.—The  CHAIRMAN  had  not  heard.  Parry  had  resigned;  but  it  was  the  only  resignation  he  had  heard  of.  —Mr.  BROCKLEBANK  said  they  had  very  good  wages  when  _provisions  were  v  er  y  low,  but  the  moment  there  was  a  r  i  s  e  in  prides,  they  sought  an  increase.—Mr.  BIGHAM  suggested  that  a  resolution  should  be'passed  to  the  effect  that  all  the  parties  who  were  not  satisfied  with  the  present  rate  of  wages  should  send  in  their  resignation.—The  CHAIRMAN  :  If  it  be  the  general  opinion  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  Dock  Committee  was  held  yesterday,  Mr.  Charles  Turner  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  Were,  Messrs,  Shand,  Rebinson  i  Brocke Brocketank,  tank, Brocketank,  Gregson,  Chaloner,  Malcomson,  Bighant,  Boyden,  Roundthwaite,  Steele,  Rankin,  Evans.  The  Sub-Commit  -j  tee  of  Works  recommended  that  the  sum  of  £2  be  paid  to  the  owner  in  Carpenter's-row,  as  compensation,  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  alteration  of  the  level  of  the  street.  The  Warehouse  Management  Committee  reported,  in  conse conseqnence  qnence conseqnence  of  the  great  increase  in  the  price  of  labour  they  had  raised  the  rates,  and  increased  the  rates  of  labour  20  per  cent.  of  the  committee,  we  should  decline  it  at  once.—Mr,  11,oynnx  considered  at  the  present  time  the  men  were  entitled  to  an  increase  of  wages,  particularly  so,  as  they  did  not  now  receive  the  little  perquisites  they  were  in  the  habit  of  getting.—Mr  BROCKM3ANIC.  was  afraid  the  little  perquisites  were  continued,  and  he  understood  that  direct  application  had  been  made  recently  to  gentlenien  fin'  the  perquisites.—The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  hope  not.  Mr.  Bionkri  i  There  is  no  doubt  but  Mr.  Broldebank  himself  pays  them  if  he  only  knelt  of  it:—Mr.  GREESON  remarked  that  when  Mr.  Roydon  considered  the  class  of  men  the  Dock  gate-men  were,  he  must  be  satisfied  they  were  well  paid.  They  were  generally  sailors  who  were  glad  to  stop  at  home  with  their  families.  It  was  not  again  Worth  while  to  refer  this  to  the  committee,  as  it  had  so  lately  decided  not  to  grant  the  increase  sought.  —The  CHAIR CHAIRMAN  MAN CHAIRMAN  :  What  is  to  be  done  —Mr.  BIGHAM  I  move  it  be  GREEsolf  seconded  the  motion,  —Mr.  ROY'  DON  moved  as  an  amendment,  that  the  wages  of  the  dock  gate-  men  be  increased  2s  per  week  ;  but  the  amendment  not  seconded,  it  fell  to  the  grouni,  Mr,  GREGSON  said  it  was  unfortunate  Mr.  Royden  had  made  such  a  proposition,  be because  cause because  it  would  only  make  the  men  more  uneasy,  Joseph  Jeffery  made  application  to  be  appointed  master  porter,  A  letter  was  read  from  the  Ship  Builders  Association,  complain complaining  ing complaining  of  the  want  of  accommodation_  experienced  by  that  body  in  the  place  in  which  they  have  to  meet  the  harbour  master,  relative  to  the  entrance  of  vessels  into  the  graving  dock.—  Referred  to  the  Harbour  Master's  Committee.  A  communi communication  cation communication  was  read  from  Messrs.  Richardson,  Brothers;  asking  permission  to  store  2,000  tons  of  coal,  for  the  use  of  their  steamers,  on  the  quay  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Welling Wellington  ton Wellington  Half-tide  Dock.—Referred  to  the  Harbour  Master's  Committee.  A  notice  was  read  from  the  Board  of  Trade,  calling  attention  to  an  Act  of  Parliament  prohibiting  the  mortgaging  of  rates,  except  for  purposes  expressly  connected  with  shipping,  but  as  an  express  exemption  had  been  made  with  respect  to  Liverpool,  the  circular  did  not  apply  to  them.  On  the  application  of  the  Rev.  Mr.  Maynurd,  the  rent  of  the  marine  schools  was  reduced  from  £l5  to  £5  per  annum.  The  general  business  then  terminated.  SHREWSBURY  AND  CHESTER  RAILWAY  COMPANY.  The  adjourned  Meeting  was  held  at  the  Royal  Hotel,  Chester,  at  Twelve  o'clock,  noon,  yesterday,  when  the  fol following  lowing following  report  was  presented  :  FOR  MR.  TAUNTON'S  AMENDMENT  Persons  present,  35,  representing  Proxies  held  by  ditto  1,5130  votes  11,938  „  13,493  AGAINST  MR.  TAUNTON'S  AMENDMENT  Persons  present,  8,  representing  yY STYLE=superscript  573  „  Proxies  held  by  ditto  ..  6,167  „  Majority  for  the  Amendment  .  6,758  Signed,  JOAN  TREVOR,  }Scrutineers.  WM.  LOW,  C.E.,  A  vote  of  thanks  to  the  Chairman  closed  the  proceedings  FASHIONS  FOR  OCTOBER  We  this  month  commence  our  series  of  winter  fashions.  This  is  the  only  Magazine  of  Fashion  published,  which  is  thus  early  enabled  to  give  indi indication  cation indication  of  the  styles  that  will  be  worn  during  the  approaching  season.  The  World  of  Fashion  having  now  become  the  leading  Magazine  in  Europe,  all  the  most  eminent  Artistes  (Ms  Modes  are  eager  that  their  novelties  should  first  appear  in  it,  from  their  knowledge  that  we  are  now  patronized  by  almost  the  whole  of  the  leading  aristocracy.  Jacket  bodies  continue  to  be  much  worn  for  all  dresses,  whether  of  silk,  satin,  or  cashmere  ;  the  styles  are  various,  as  will  be  seen  .by  referring  to  our  plates  of  costumes  ;  some  closing  .  to  the  throat,  others  .d.  revers,  opening  to  the  waist,  or  en  demi  eceur  ;  the  style  of  body  represented  in  the  second  figure  of  our  first  plate  is  suited.  for  poplins,  cash cashmeres,  meres, cashmeres,  merinos,  and  all  woollen  materials.  The  pagoda  style  of  sleeve  still  predominates  ;  they  are  generally  worn  rather  short,  with  deep  engagcantes  of  lace  or  embroidery  for  in-door  costume,  while  for  promenade  large  bouillon  sleeves,  with  deep-worked  ruffles,  or  the  fullness  set  into  a  narrow  band  of  embroidery,  are  preferred.  The  skirts  of  plain  silk  will  be  worn  with  flounces,  either  d  disposition,  or  stamped  at  the  edge  ;  those  which  are  woven  in  very  large  plaids,  will  be  worn  extremely  full,  and  without  flounces.  Cashmeres  will  be  trimmed  with  velvet,  and  where  they  have  flounces,  they  will  be  embroidered  with  the  same  colour  as  the  velvet  :  various  shades  of  slate  colour,  drab  and  stone  colour,  will  be  the  most  in  favour  fdr  this  material.  w  hii,  , STYLE=superscript  re  given  bUVeral  styles  of  mantles  for  tile  ensuing  season:  the  two  we  have  given  in  our  fifth  plate  have  been  already  extensively  patronized  by  the  first  London  houses.  Another  style  which  will  prevail  will  be  the  Empress  Mantle  ;  the  mantles  and  paletot  in  our  2nd  and  3rd  plates  have  been  much  approved  of.  Bonnets  will  still  retain  the  oval  form  of  front,  and  no  change  has  taken  place  in  the  style  of  wear wearing  ing wearing  them  :  black  lace  and  velvet  will  be  the  favour favourite  ite favourite  trimming,  as  indicated  in  our  plates  —World  of  Fashion.  ROBBERY  AT  THE  AMPHITHEATRE.--LaSt  night,  shortly  after  11  o'clock,  as  a  gentleman  was  leaving  the  Amphitheatre,  his  gold  watch  was  snatched  from  his  pocket.  The  thcives  got  off  with  their  booty.  CHOLERA  IN  LIVERPOOL.—By  reference  to  the  proceedings  of  the  health  committee  reporter  .  in  another  column,  it  will  be  seen  that  in  addition  to  the  deaths  from  Cholera,  on  board  the  ship  a  fatal  case  has  occured  in  Lace-street,  in  this  town,  the  victim  being  an  Irish  labonrer.  The  joint  committee  of  health  have  been  actively  engaged  for  the  two  past  days  in  ordering  precau precautionary  tionary precautionary  measures,  and  taking  the  necessary  steps  to  give  them  practical  effect.  MR.  LEVI'S  LECTURE.—It  was  announced  that  Mr.  Leone  Levi  would  have  delivered  another  lecture  at  one  o'clock  yesterday,  in  the  Chamber  of  Commerce,  but  as  there  were  only  two  or  three  persons  in  attendance,  it  was  thought  expedient  to  adjourn  the  proceedings  to  a  future  day.  REVISION  COURT.—The  Court  sat  at  the  usual  hour  yesterday,  and  proceeded  with  the  hearing  of  claims  and  objections  regarding  the  township  of  Liverpool,  from  the  letter  A..to  O.  No  feature  of  any  public  importance  exhi exhibited  bited exhibited  itself.  REGISTERED  BIRTHS  AND  DEATHS  IN  MANCHESTER,  for  the  week,  as  laid  before  the  Bird  of  Guardians,  at  their  weekly  meeting  held  yesterday  ;—Total,  births,  142  ;  deaths,  146.  MANCHESTER  AND  SALFORD  LYING-IN  HOSPITAL.—  Weekly  Report,  Sept.  29  :—ln-patients  admitted,  4;  in inpatients  patients inpatients  discharged,  1  ;  patients  in  the  hospital,  8  :  home homepatients  patients homepatients  admitted,  25  ;  home-patients  discharged,  18  ;  out outpatients  patients outpatients  admitted,  - STYLE=superscript  17;  out-patients  discharged,  11.  WAR  •VESSELS  IN  THE  CHINESE  SEAS.—There  has  never  before,  writes  a  correspondent  by  the  last  mail,  been  such  an  immense  squadron  of  steam  war  vessels  on  the  coast  of  China  as  at  the  present  time.  'We  speak  of  the  steamers  of  other  nations  as  well  as  our  own.  Following  is  a  list  of  them:  —British  :  H.MS.S.  Rattler,  9  guns  •  Hermes,  6  guns;  Sa Salamander,  lamander, Salamander,  6  guns  ;  Styx  6  guns.  American  :  Mississippi,  10  guns  ;  Susquehannah,  9  guns  ;  Powhattan,  9  guns.  French  :La  Cassini,  6  guns.  Russian,  Vostock,  2  guns.  Sailing  Vessels—British  :  Winchester,  50'  guns  ;  Spartan,  82  guns  ;Lily,  12  guns  ;  Rapid,  8  guns.  ELECTION  OF  LORD  MAYOR,  YESTERDAY.--  This  being  Michaelmas  Day,  according  to  annual  custom,  the  election  of  an  alderman,  to  fill  the  office  of  chief  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  of  the  City  of  London,  for  the  ensuing  year,  took  place  wiih  the  usual  formalities,  at  the  Guildhall.  At  twelve  o'clock,  the  Right  Honourable  the  Lord  Mayor,  accompanied  by  the  Sheriffs,  several  of  the  alderman,  the  Recorder,  the  City  Solicitor,  and  various  of  the  other  civic  dignitaries,  went  in  procession  to  the  parish  church  of  St.  Lawrence  Jewry,  where  a  suitable  sermon  was  preached  on  the  occasion  by  the  Rev.  Dr.  Mortimer,  Head  Master  of  the  City  School,  chaplain  to  the  Lord  Mayor.  The  inauguration  dinner  of  Mr.  Alderman.  Wire,  Sheriff  for  London  and  Middlesex,  will  take  place  to-day,  at  the  London  Tavern,  Bishopgate-street,  instead  of  the  Gird Girdlers'  lers' Girdlers'  Hall,  as  was  originally  proposed,  in  consequence  of  the  number  of  guests  who  have  honoured  the  worthy  alderman  by  accepting  his  invitation.  ,  Card  1  . STYLE=superscript  14  VAN  DIEMMEN'S  LAND..--The  worth  of  the  Fingal  coal,  we  believe,.  has  always  been  acknowledged.  It  is  unquestionably  superior  to  any  yet  discovered  in  the  island,  for  general  purposes.  The  only  doubt  as  to  its  strength  was  satisfactorily  set  at  rest  by  a  fair  trial  in  the  furnaces  of  Messrs.  Thompson's  steam  vessels  on  Friday  last,  in  the  presence  of  the  engineers  of  the  Clarence  and  IVarata  steamers,  and  the  commanders  of  those  vessels  and  of  others;  there  were  also  present  Messrs.  John  Thompson,  Fawns,  Donglas,  Francis  Evans,  Fisher  and  Goodwin.  The  coal  was  from  the  Killymoon  estate,  Fingal,  taken,  we  un understand,  derstand, understand,  from  a  scam  upwards  of  thirteen  feet  in  thickness.  At  twenty-five  minutes  past  noon,  five  cwt.  was  thrown  into  the  furnace  (previously  burt  out),  which  kept  the  steam  up  with  a  revolution  of  37  per  minute  until  15  minutes  to  3  o'clock,  when  the  furnace  was  again  cleared  out,  and  at  12  minutes  past  five  cwt.  of  the  best  Newcastle  coals  were  tried,  which  kept  up  the  steam,  varying  from  27  to  88  revolutions  .  per  minute,  until  5  o'clock.  The  result  proved  that  the  Killymoon  coal  possessed  more  strenth  than  the  Newcastle  ;  it  made  no  clinkers  nor  smoke,  whereas  tha  Newcastle  made  much  of  both.  It  is  unfortunate  that  the  distance  of  the  Fingal  coal  deposit  from  water  carriage  renders  it  useless  for  commercial  purposes,  but  surely  in  these  golden  times  the  mere  obstacle  of  distance  might  be  overcome.—Launceston  Examiner,  April  6,  31  - STYLE=superscript  OXETARY  The  Bank  of  I  and  ridge  IND  00111  This  must  appear  to  es  t  mistakeu  cou  under  the  changed  cu•cums  in  the  value  of  mo  a  vast  impetus  to  the  laj  line  period"
