text
"IRELAND  (PRO3i  OUR  OWN  CORRESPO:  CitoLEßA.—The  heads  of  the  Irish  have  determined  to  exert  themselves  as  be  preventing  this  plague,  A  Cholera  Commit  formed,  and  a  circular  addr  s  men  throughout  the  country,  call  w  sanitary  'cE;zied  to  the  different  precautions,  in  the  best  Manner  they  can,  al  heir  attention  to  the  best  means  of  dying  go:  ei4iiiiiiittee  i  it  is  intended,  will  sit  daily,  to  receive  see  ins  tiff  ti  THE  EXIMTIT  8,000  daily;  SI  , STYLE=superscript  nt  of  a  liberality  on  the  part  of  the  railway'  ;  the'.  having  notified  that  excursion  t  r  ip  s;  t  w  i  ce  place  to  and  front  Cialway,  at  the  moder  The  example,  it  is  to  be  hoped,  Will  be  fol  little  or  nothing  has  been  done  in  the  sam  Irish  lines,  affording  in  this  respect  a  most  Exhibition  ?I_.  ad  Uowr  1.61.1  Y.  chai  , STYLE=superscript  e  ays,when  t  trast  to  the  English  rail  called  for  a  similar  display  'of  cheapn  Exhibition  I  may  tell  you  a  curious  piece  of  going  about  town,  touching  an  incident  said  there.  A  gcntlernani  the  story  goes,  pr  for  admission  at  the  doors  the  other  dr  by  a  large  Newfoundland  dpg,  which,  of  emu  admitted,  notwithstanding  the  entreaties  of  the  own  was  obliged  to  leave  his  favourite  outside  in  the  char  lost  his  A't'  policeman.  Shortly  afterwards  the  gentleman  retail!  the  door,  with  the  intell  and  again  requested  the  c  he  Said,  would  succeed  in  finding  the  missed  propert  some  time  this  TScpiest  Was  he  gentleman  and  his  some  time,  when  sudi  companions,  and  sieied  a  very  styliOhll  the  coat,  who  was  forthwith  captured  also  were  'fOun  or  not,  but  I  give  you  tic°  story  here.  Another  report  eoneerni  since  the  opening  Of  the  Exhibition  a  have  been  going  about  di  Tilt  VICEROY  IN  LimEn  icx  I  mains  in  Limeriek  i  where  he  vest  °  I  of  the  Foynes  Railway,  in  tic  Ruised  as  'Roman  Catholic  prie  His  Excellency  still  sembly  present  to  three  cheers  for  I  who  is  contractor  for  the  line,  a  demand  win(  say,  was  enthsiastically  responded  to.  Amon  at  the  ceremony  were—Lords  Monteagle,  Gort  and  Carew,  the  Bishop  of  Limerick,  th  Dublin,  Sir  Lucius  O'Brien,  Sir  D.  Roche,  Sis  E.  Mac  Donnell,  Francis  Russell,  •M  P  •  POLICE  NEws.—No  less  than  five  persons  for  trial,  charged  with  forgery,  at  Capp  lied  on  tl  office,  yesterday,  two,  for  forging  change,  and  three  for  forging  Incu  - STYLE=superscript  mbered.  Estate  rentals  named  Deacon.  was  At  the  same  oft  nt  for  trial,  char  to  steal  artificial  flowere  from  the  (  and  Burns'  Establishment,  Mary-st  rilliam  Barg  1,  I  need  bar  .st  those  100  Donomrl  Aar  at  Messrs.  0  •  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.  —The  telegraph  v  between  Dublin  and  Cork,  and  the  iustrum,  on  the  railway  company's  wires  between  t]  As  yet  the  telegraph  company's  instrumei  netted,  and  perhaps  will  not,  until  the  elf  are  completed  to  Queenstown.  It  is  expect  sary  arrangements  of  the  telegraph  company'  made  in  Cork  this  week.  Mr.  Elworthy,  C.  ing  the  wires  from  Kildare  to  Carlow,  and  is  now  Cr  toNavaz  and  Dells  RAIEWAYS.—A  public  meeting  was  he'.  in  Galway  Wednesday,  for  the  purpose  of  calling  the  Midland  Western  Railway  to  extend  a  branch  from  Atli  Tuam.  The  Irish  South  Eastern  Company  (held  4 STYLE=superscript  '  yearly  meeting  yesterday,  and  declared  on  the  shares  on  which  £ll  has  been  THE  CHANNEL  FLEET.  —lt  is  une  sailed  from  Cork  yesterday  evening  on  the  Midland  (  review  did  not  take  place,  in  consequence  having  been  received.  The  Lords  of  the  to  have  gone  on  a  visit  with  Mr.  B.  Os]  Annes,  Tipperary,  but  it  is  then  ;ent  critical  state  of  affairs  would  prevent  t  N  Any  stay.  id  of  19  .  Newtow  - STYLE=superscript  u  ;oil  that  the  11! STYLE=superscript  expected  -53.1  Admiral  :m  from  mai;'"
