text
"THE  ARRIVAL  OF  HER  MAJESTY.  At  about  twenty-five  minutes  to  two  o'clock,  the  arrival  of  the  pilot  engine  announced  the  proximity  of  the  Royal  train,  and  the  enormous  number  of  spectators  who  had  by  this  time  gathered  from  all  directions,  and  occupied  every  available  space  about  the  station  and  its  vicinity,  were  instantly  on  the.  qui  vive.  At  twenty  minutes  to  two  o'clock  the  Royal  train  entered  tho  station,  amidst  the  enthusiastic  cheering  of  .the  .  assembled  multitude.  The  train  consisted  of  eight  carriages,  besides  that  containing  Her  Majesty,  Prince  Albert,  and  the  Royal  Family.  After  a  brief  delay,  Her  Majesty,  Prince  Albert,  the  Prince  of  Wales,  and  the  junior  members  of  the  Royal  Family  alighted,  and  were  received  by  J.  T.  Clifton,  Esq.  High  Sheriff,  the  Mayor  of  Preston,  and  the  Directors  of  the  Company.  Immediately,  on  alighting,  the  Mayor  of  Preston  presented  to  Her  .Majesty  the  address  of  the  Corporation,  which  Her  Majesty  graciously  received,  and  handed  to  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  the  Colonial  Secretary.  The  Royal  party  then  proceeded  to  the  room,  where  lun luncheOn  cheOn luncheOn  was  prepared  for  them,  amidst  the  greetings  of  those  assembled.  As  they  passed  across  the  platform,  Her  Majesty  and  Prince  Albert  repeatedly  bowed  their  acknow acknowledgments.  ledgments. acknowledgments.  Her  Majesty  wore  a  .  light  plaid  silk  dress,  with  flounces,  a  silk  visite,  and  Leghorn  bonnet,  trimmed  with  pink  velvet.  Prince  Albert  wore  a  paletot  and  dark  trousers.  The  Prince  of  Wales  was  dressed  in  the  .  High-  land  costume,  and  the  other  Royal  children  were  clothed  in  plaid,  but  the  style  of  the  garments  belonged  to  the  more  southern  portion  of  the  kingdom.  After  partaking  of  a  splendid  luncheon  which  had.  been.  prepared  for  them,  the  Royal  party  returned  to  the  train,and  were  again  greeted  wit'h  loud  arid  enthusiatic  bursts  of  applause,  which  Her  Majesty  and  Prince  Albert  graciously  acknowledged.  Having  again  taken  their  seats,  the  signal  was  given,  pre precisely  cisely precisely  at  two  o'clock,  and  the  Royal  party  proceeded  on  its  journey  amidst  the  cheers  and  blessings  of  the  assembled  crowds.  Notwithstanding  the  numbers  present,  the  most  admirable  order  was  preserved  by  the  arrangements  of  Captain  Woodford  and  Captain  Sheppard,  who  with  two  hundred  of  the  County  Constabulary,  kept  the  platform  and  its  approaches.  We  learn  that  &lt;Her  Majesty,  who  seemed  to  be  in  the  enjoyment  of  excellent  health  and  spirits,  remained  five  minutes  at  Warrington,  where  a  large  num number  ber number  of  persons  .  had  also  assembled,  and  then  left  en  route  for  the  Metropolis.  THE  DISPUTE  BETWEEN  THE  MASTERS  AND  OPERATIVES  IN  PRESTON.—Notwithstanding  the  efforts  which  have  been  made  to  bring  the  dispute,  at  present  pending  between  the  Mill-Owners  at  Preston,  and  their  operatives,  to  an  amicable  arrangement,  no  satisfactory  result  has  been  achieved  ;  and,  to-day,  the  various  mills  in  Preston,  with,  we  believe,  three  exceptions,  will  close,  and  upwards  of  15,000  persons,  of  all  ages  and  sexes,  will  leave  their  employment.  The  dispute  between  the  employers  and  employed,  which  has  now  assumed  such  a  very  serious  aspect,  seems  to  have  arisen  so  far  back  as  July.  Au  advance  of  ten  per  cent.  was  then  claimed  by  the  operatives  in  the  several  mills,  and  was  conceded  to  by  the  masters,  with,  we  believe,  four  exceptions.  The  hands  in  the  employ  of  those  four  concerns  '  gave  the  legal  notice,  and  at  its  expiration,  left,  or,  as  it  is  technically  termed,  struck.  The  gneietiog  in  connection  with  the  several  branches  of  the  cotton  trade,  spinning,  -Weaving,  &amp;c.,  resolved  to  support  the  turn-outs,  and;  on  this  resolution  becoming  known  to  the  associated  masters,  they  intimated  'they  would  close  their  mills  until  those  who  had  struck  resumed  work,  and,  it  is  the  impression  of  the  operatives,  that  the  masters  make  it  a  sine  qua  non  that  the  operative  society  should  be  broken  up.  Hence,.  the  fierceness  of  -the  struggle  ;  neither  parties  will  submit,  and  both  must  inevitably  be  serious  losers.  Up  to  last  evening,  there  were  no  less  than  thirteen  mills  closed  ;  the  number  of  hands  which  had  been  employed  in  those  mills  may  be  taken  in  round  numbers  at  from  6,000  to  7;000;  and  this  afternoon,  every  mill  in  Preston,  (with  three  exceptions)  will  come  to  a  stand  still  if  some  arrangement  be  not  come  to,  which  is  not  at  all  likely  in  the  present  temper  of.  the.  disputants'.  As  we  before  stated,  upwards  of  15,000  persons  will  be  thus  out  of  employment;  and  in  spite  of  the  serious  consequences  which  must  ensue  on  the  part  of  the  employers,  even  the  mediative  efforts  of  the  ministers  of  religion  have  been  discouraged  and  repudiated.  An  absolute  submisSion,  on  the  part  of  the  operatives,  seems  to  be  the  only  terms  to  which  the  masters  will  listen.  GLASGOW  MARKETS,  Orr.,  13.  Pia  Inon—Our  pig  iron  market  was  firm,  but  little  busi business  ness business  doing.  Warrants  were  quoted  at  68s.  cash,  buyers  offering,  635.  Gd.  No.  1,  675.  to  675.  Gd.  Gartsherrie  71s.  6d.  to  725.  CLYDE  SHIPPING.-GLASGOW,  OCT.  14.  ARRIVED.—Sophia,  Wendler,  from  Hamburg  ;  Nepenthe,  Van  Norden,  from  St.  John's,  N.B.  ;  Cork  Packet,  Robins,  from  'Cadiz."
