text
"magisterial  business  in  the  magistrates  rooom  in  that  build building.  ing. building.  The  six  magistrates  named,  but  four  of  whom  only  qualified,  were  not  sufficient  to  meet  from  day  to  day,  or  from  week  to  week,  to  perform  the  necessary  duties  in  this  place;  and  as  it  would  be  too  onerous  a  duty  for  four  to  perform,  the  committee  waited  on  other  magistrates,  and  solicited  their  attendance  to  assist  the  new  magistrates.  He  (Mr.  Johnson)  was  happy  to  say  they  had  now  secured  pro promises  mises promises  from  a  sufficient  number  of  magistrates  to  attend  here,  as  would  enable  them  to  carry  on  a  portion  of  their  busi business  ness business  with  satisfaction  to  the  public,  to  such  an  extent  as  would  enable  them  to  close  the  house  in  St.  Paul's-square.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  need  not,  before  the  board,  dilate  on  the  advantages  which  the  ratepayers  of  Liverpool  would  derive  from  the  closing  of  that  house..  The  very  circumstance  of  paupers  going  to  that  place,  receiving  a  pass,  and  in  addi addition  tion addition  a  small  sum  of  money  to  enable  them  to  go  to  Ireland,  and  would  in  itself  appear  preposterous  in  the  present  day,  and  could  only  be  compared  to  a  system  which  used  to  pre prevail  vail prevail  in  Lancashire,  when  Liverpool,  Manchester,  and  the  other  large  towns  had  to  go  to  Lancaster  for  justice,  instead  of  having  the  assizes  in  those  towns,  and  justice  brought  to  their  own  doors.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  a  local  point  of  view,  and  in  a  small  way,  the  cases  were  precisely  analagous  ;  but  according  to  the  opportunity  which  this  board  received  the  case  was  still  worse.  It  was  manifest  to  every  body  that  a  pauper  going  to  Rigby-street  could  have  no  test  ap applied  plied applied  to  him  by  which  any  body  could  know  whether  he  was  an  object  fit  to  receive  assistance  or  not.  The  The  magistrates  were  obliged  to  give  an  order  and  pass  them  on  such  documentary  and  other  evidence  as  was  offered.  But  when  paupers  came  to  that  house  they  would  see  the  advantage  in  many  cases,  and  they  would  make  those  paupers  do  a  certain  amount  of  work  at  the  mills  before  they  were  passed  to  Ireland.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  should  not  enlarge  on  this  subject,  but  solicit  permission  of  the  board  to  move  a  resolution  to  the  effect  that  the  committee,  or  the  vestry  clerk,  have  power  to  give  the  proper  and  due  notice  previous  to  the  closing  of  the  house  in  St.  Paul's Paul'ssquare,  square, Paul'ssquare,  to  enable  them  as  soon  as  possible  entirely  to  close  that  establishment.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  DENTON  seconded  the  motion  with  great  pleasure.  He  believed  there  must  have  been  some  misunderstanding  between  the  vestry  and  the  magistrates.  Mr.  BRADLEY  None  whatever.  Mr.  DENTON  understood  the  magistrates  considered  they  were  to  come  up  here  and  hear  the  whole  of  the  summons  cases  for  unpaid  rates;  and  not  for  to  pass  paupers.  Mr.  BRADLEY  said  it  was  very  indiscreet  to  make  those  comments  about  the  magistrates.  Mr.  DENTON  begged  to  second  the  motion.  Mr.  Moss  was  delighted  at  what  had  been  stated  ;  was  he  to  understand  that  the  old  magistrates  were  willing  to  co cooperate  operate cooperate  with  the  new  ones  to  carry  on  the  business  of  the  parish  ?  Mr.  JOHNSON  said  in  every  case  where  they  made  appli application  cation application  to  the  old  magistrates  they  had  acceded  to  their  request.  They  had  not  met  with  one  refusal  ;  but  they  had  only  applied  to  a  limited  number,  just  sufficient  for  this  one  duty.  Mr.  Moss  thought  that  quite  satisfactory.  Mr.  SAVAGE  asked,  was  it  absolutely  necessary  that  two  magistrates  should  attend  on  every  occasion  upon  which  paupers  were  sent  to  Ireland  ?  Mr.  HART  :  Yes.  •  Mr.  SAVAGE  thought  if  it  were  possible  to  alter  the  law  it  would  be  better,  for  he  was  satisfied  they  would  not  get  two  magistrates  to  attend  every  day.  Mr.  JOHNSON  :  They  are  not  wanting  every  day,  The  CHAIRMAN  :  When  the  inconvenience  is  found,  then  perhaps,  will  be  the  time  to  move.  The  resolution  was  then  agreed  to.  Mr.  CLARKE  then  gave  notice  that  at  the  next  meeting  of  the  vestry  he  would  move  the  appointment  of  a  legal  ad adviser  viser adviser  for  parish  affairs.  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOLS.  From  the  proceedings  of  this  committee,  it  appeared  that  the  band-master  had  been  severely  reprimanded  for  his  recent  misconduct,  and  informed  that  a  repetition  of  the  offence  would  be  visited  with  dismissal.  Mr.  Moss  inquired  whether  one  part  of  the  charge  against  him  was  true—whether  he  was  really  guilty  of  taking  child children  ren children  into  a  public-house,  and  giving  them  drink  ?  Mr.  GA.RDNER  :  He  was  not.  Mr.  Moss  said  the  industrial  schools'  committee  had  before  recommended  his  dismissal  on  this  very  ground.  Mr.  GARDNER.  said  the  children  were  not  taken  into  the  public-house  by  the  band-master,  neither  had  he  any  know knowledge  ledge knowledge  of  their  having  taken  drink.  Mr.  HUGHES  said  the  boys  came  in,  and  he  might  have  asked  them  to  have  a  glass  of  ale.  Hef  was  intoxicated  at  the  time.  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  The  following  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  Brown,  inspector  of  schools  :  I  have  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  letter  of  the  6th  instant,  enclosing  a  resolution  passed  by  the  select  ves vestry  try vestry  of  the  same  date.  1  apprehend  that  the  resolution  in  its  present  form  will  not  be  sanctioned  by  the  Lords  of  the  Com Committee  mittee Committee  of  Council  on  Education,  and  1  have  to  request,  therefore,  that  the  Select  Vestry  will  reconsider  the  question.  I  submit  that  the  proposed  pupil-teachers  who  are  mere  chil children,  dren, children,  ,cannot  be  recognised  as  assistant  masters  and  mis mistresses,  tresses, mistresses,  and  that  the  resolution  practically  amounts  to  nothing,  as  it  reserves  to  the  guardians  an  indefinite  power  of  dismissal,  without  the  concurrence  or  knowledge  of  their  lordships.  I  beg  leave  to  remind  the  Board  that  the  salaries  of  all  the  teachers,  both  at  Kirkdale  and  at  the  Liverpool  workhouse,  are  paid  by  the  Committee  of  Council  on  Education—that  the  head  master  and  head  schoolmistress,  at  Kirkdale,  are  paid  an  additional  stipend  for  the  instruc instruction  tion instruction  of  apprentices,  and  that  the  apprentices  themselves  will  also  become  entitled  to  a  certain  sum  on  the  satisfactory  completion  of  their  apprenticeship.  In  consideration  of  these  advantages,  it  appears  to  me  but  just  and  reasonable  that  the  guardians  should  not  reserve  to  themselves  the  power  of  dis dismissing  missing dismissing  apprentices  without  first  communicating  to  their  lord lordships  ships lordships  the  charge  against  the  apprentices,  and  obtaining  their  assent  to  such  dismissal.  It  is  not  probable  that  any  difference  of  opinion  would  arise  between  their  lordships  and  the  guar guardians,  dians, guardians,  as  to  the  propriety  of  dismissing  an  apprentice  for  mis misconduct,  conduct, misconduct,  but  I  think  that  certain  conditions  must  be  attached  to  the  administration  of  a  public  grant  for  educational  purposes,  and  that  no  necessity  has  arisen  for  varying  the  terms  of  a  resolution  approved  by  the  practice  of  several  years.  I  hope,  therefore,  that  the  select  vestry  will  pass  a  resolution  either  identical  with,  or  not  materially  different  from,  that  originally  forwarded,  and  I  shall  be  glad  to  be  acquainted  with  the  decision  of  the  board  as  soon  as  possible.—l  have  the  honour  to  be,  sir,  your  obedient  servant,  T.  B.  BROWN.  Southport,  Dec.  9,  1853.  Mr.  HART  read  the  following  reply  to  Mr.  Brown's  letter,  which  he  had  prepared  at  the  request  of  the  committee  :  Liverpool,  20th  December,  1853.  •  Sir,—l  am  directed  by  the  select  vestry  •of  this  parish  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  letter  of  the  9th  instant,  in  which,  with  reference  to  their  resolution  of  the  6th  instant,  appointing  several  of  the  children  at  the  industrial  schools  as  assistants  to  the  schoolmaster  and  schoolmistress  respectively,  you  request  that  the  matter  may  be  re-considered.  Your  objection  to  the  resolution  in  question  appears  to  be  twofold,  first,  That  the  proposed  pupil  teachers,  who  are  mere  children,  cannot  be  recognised  as  assistant  masters  and  mis 'mistresses;'  and  second,  That  the  resolution  practically  amounts  to  nothing,  as  it  reserves  to  the  guardians  an  indefinite  power  of  dismissal,  without  the  concurrence  or  knowledge  of  their  I  am,  in  the  first  place,  to  inform  you,  that  the  assis assistant  tant assistant  and  assistant  to  which  you  take  ob objection,  jection, objection,  were  adopted  by  the  Select  Vestry  at  the  instance  of  the  Poor  Law  Board  themselves.  With  a  resolution  of  the  vestry  before  :them,  precisely  the  same  as  that  which  was  approved,  you  say,  by  the  practice  of  several  years,  you  now  propose  for  adoption;  that  board,  nevertheless,  suggested,  in  a  letter  addressed  to  the  Select  Vestry,  on  the  6th  December,  1851,  that  the  words  assistant  and  shOuld  be  used  in  preference  to  the  words  pupil  So  that,  while  you  allege  that  the  children  cannot  be  recog recognised  nised recognised  as  assistant  masters,  &amp;c.,  they  are  proposed  to  be  so  recognised  by  the  power  especially  privileged  by  the  legislature  to  do  so.  And  with  regard  to  the  second  portion  of  the  reso resolution  lution resolution  to  which  you  call  attention,  that  also  emanated  from  the  Poor  Law  Board.  In  -  their  communication  before  referred  to,  they  suggested  the  very  words  which  have  been  adopted  by  the  vestry  on  the  present  occasion,  viz.,  This  board  reserves  to  itself  the  right  to  dismiss  them  (the  assistants)  upon  the  commission  of  any  offence  against  the  rules  which  it  may  lay  down  for  their  conduct,  or  any  sufficient  or  well  founded  com complaint  plaint complaint  from  the  schoolmaster  or  mistress  of  their  negligence  or  inaptitude  as  such  The  Select  Vestry  do  not,  therefore,  deem  it  expedient  or  proper  that,  with  regard  to  dismissal  for  misconduct,  the  pupil  should  he  upon  a  different  footing  from  the  assistants  of  the  higher  grade;  nor  do  they  think  it  fitting  that  a  board  of  guardians  should  be  placed  in  such  a  position  towards  these  junior  assistants  as  to  be  incapable  of  dismissing  them,  however  deservedly,  without  the  concurrence  of  their  lordships.--I  have  the  honour  to  be,  sir,  your  obedient  servant,  CHARLES  BART.  T.  B.  Browne,  Esq.  Mr.  DENTON  asked  whether  it  was  the  intention  of  the  vestry  to  take  any  part  in  the  movement  now  goine  forward  throughout  the  united  kingdom  ?  He  believed  a  great  number  of  towns  were  meeting  to  endeavour  to  dislodge  the  board  in  London.  The  CHAIRMAN  thought  that  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  question  before  the  board.  Mr.  DENTON  was  strongly  opposed  to  centralisation.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  This  has  nothing  to  do  with  the  question.  Mr.  DENTON  wanted  to  know  were  they  to  sit  there  like  a  set  of  automatons  (laughter),  subject  to  gentlemen  in  London  who  knew  nothing  of  the  minutiae  of  their  business.  It  was  a  perfect  farce  for  them  to  be  in  that  position.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  that  subject  might  be  brought  before  the  board  by  a  notice  ;  but  he  did  not  think  it  was  connected  with  the  schools.  Mr.  DENTON  said  he  had  always  been  . STYLE=superscript  met  by  the  vestry  clerk  who  said  they  could  not  legally  employ  the  monies  of  the  parish  for  this  purpose.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  You  can  move  that  it  be  taken  into  con consideration  sideration consideration  at  a  future  meeting.  Mr.  DENTON  then  gave  notice  that  he  would  call  a  special  meeting  of  the  vestry  on  the  subject.  _Mr.  HUGHES  moved  that  Mr.  Hart's  letter  be  adopted  by  the  board.  It  met  the  whole  case  in  a  perfectly  clear  manner.  Mr,  WHITBY  seconded  the  motion,  which  waa  agreed  to,"
