text
"ARCHITECTURAL  AND  ARCHEOLOGICAL  SOCIETY.  The  usual  fortnightly  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  last  night  in  the  Royal  Institution  ;  Mr.  VERELST  in  the  chair.  A  communication,  addressed  by  Mr.  C.  B.  Yarrow  to  the  president,  on  the  subject  of  brick  making,  was  read.  It  minutely  described  the  manner  in  which  London  bricks  were  made,  and  pointed  out  their  superiority  to  those  made  in  Liverpool  ;  but  he  observed  that  he  saw  no  reason  why  the  latter  could  not  be  made  to  equal  in  symmetry  and  firm firmness  ness firmness  any  produced  in  London.  Passing  from  this  subject,  he  alleged  that  Liverpool,  were  it  not  for  its  natural  advan advantanges,  tanges, advantanges,  would  be  one  of  the  worst  places  for  filth  and  disease;  whereas  London,  with  no  such  local  advantages,  must  be  a  wonder  of  health  and  cleanliness  to  every  think thinking  ing thinking  mind.  Liverpool,  however,  could  be  made  a  model  town  in  that  respect.  The  writer,  in  conclusion,  intimated  that  it  was  his  intention  to  have  alluded  to  the  subject  of  !‘  cattle  feeding,  and  the  keeping  of  were  it  not  that  he  feared  trespassing  on  the  society's  time.  Mr.  PICTON  briefly  replied  to  the  statements  contained  in  the  communication.  In  some  of  them,  he  observed,  he  fully  agreed,  but  the  simple  reason  for  the  inferiority  of  Liverpool  bricks,  as  compared  with  those  made  in  London,  was  that  here  they  would  not  give  the  money  for  a  superior  quality.  He  admitted  that  the  whole  system  of  brickmaking  here  required  revision  ;  for  while  all  other  tradesmen  and  arti artificers  ficers artificers  had  gone  on  improving,  those  employed  in  the  operation  of  laying  bricks  seemed  to  have  become  worse  ;  and  he  had  no  hesitation  in  stating  that  they  were  the  lowest  and  most  utterly  devoid  of  any  knowledge  beyond  the  mere  routine  of  their  business  of  any  class  of  tradesmen  he  had  to  deal  with.  The  SEcairrAnx  observed  that  the  letter,  coming  from  a  practical  gentleman,  they  could  not  regret  the  time  it  had  occupied  them.  _  _  The  remaining  portion  of  the  evening  was  occupied  in  the  reading  of  a  paper  by  Mr.  Howard,  on  Ruskin's  Stones  of  in  which  he  strongly  dissented  from,  and  censured  the  views  of,  that  gentlemen  on  architecture.  The  Dundalk  Democrat  states  that  ten  Roman  Catholic  Bishops,  twenty-two  members  of  parliament,  and  many  other  friends  of  independent  have  accepted  invi invitations  tations invitations  to  a  banquet  to  Mr.  Kennedy,  the  mem member  ber member  for  Louth.  Mr.  Kennedy,  who  thus  takes  so  prominent  a  part  in  the  Irish  agitation  s  was  formerly  agent  to  the  Marquess  of  Bath  on  his  Monaghan  estates,  and  is  brother  to  the  friend  and  secretary  of  the  late  Sir  Charles  J.  Napier,  G,C,B,"
