text
"Dale  4  by  Ruction.  BOOTLE,  NEAR  LIVERPOOL.  VALUABLE  LEASEHOLD  PROPERTY.  MESSRS.  CHURTON,  will  SELL  by  AUC AUCTION,  TION, AUCTION,  at  the  Clarendon-rooms,  South  John-street,  Liverpool,  on  Friday,  the  18th  day  of  January,  1856,  at  Three  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  in  one  or  more  Lots,  and  subject  to  such  conditions  as  shall  be  then  and  there  agreed  upon,  1.  All  that  Plot  of  LAND  (being  part  of  Kirkdale  Marsh),  situate  at  Bootle,  near  Liverpool,  in  the  county  of  Lancaster,  bounded  on  north  and  south  by  property  now  in  lease  to  the  representatives  of  the  late  William  Spurston  Miller,  Esq.;  on  the  east  by  a  road  ten  yards  wide,  and  on  the  west  by  the  shore  of  the  river  Mersey,  and  containing  2,422  superficial  square  yards  of  land  or  thereabouts,  subject  to  the  annual  rent  of  16s.  2.  And  also—All  that  other  Plot  of  LAND  adjoining  the  said  last lastnamed  named lastnamed  plot,  bounded  on  the  north  and  south  by  property  in  lease  to  the  representatives  of  the  said  W.  S.  Miller;  on  the  east  by  a  back  roan  ten  yards  wide,  and  on  the  west  by  the  shore  of  the  river  Mersey,  and  containing  in  the  whole  1,353  superficial  square  yards  of  hum  or  thereabouts,  subject  to  the  annual  rent  of  gs.  And  also—All  those  Six  MESSUAGES  or  DWELLING DWELLINGHOUSES,  HOUSES, DWELLINGHOUSES,  with  the  Stables  ,nd  Outbuildings  attached  the.  eto,  now  standing  upon  the  said  plots  of  I  , STYLE=superscript  nd  or  sotne  part  thereof,  and  now  or  late  in  the  several  oceupwions  of  William  Hall,  Michael  M'Cor_  mick,  Hugh  Rippard,  Thomas  Roclaord,  George  Ellis,  and  Ralph  Kn  wles,  their  undertenants  or  assigns.  The  ohm  e  premises  are  held  under  two  several  demises  made  in  the  y,tar  1835,  by  the  late  Earl  of  Derby  to  the  late  William  Spurston  Miller,  Esq  ,  for  the  lives  of  three  individuals  in  the  same  indentures  respectively  mentioned,  and  will  be  sold  subject  to  the  covenants  in  the  same  leases  con contained.  tained. contained.  The  Docks  have  been  extended  to  within  a  few  yards  of  the  above  property,  and  notices  have  been  served  of  an  intended  application'to  Parliament  for  a  Bill  to  enable  this  property  to  be  appropriated  for  tie  like  purpose.  3.  And  also—All  those  Two  POLICIES  of  ASSURANCE  in  the  Manchester  Assurance  Company,  effected  in  the  year  1828,  for  :6'looo  each,  payable  on  the  death  of  the  last  survivor  of  the  three  lives  in  the  said  Two  Policies  respectively  mentioned,  subject  to  the  payment  of  the  annual  premiums  of  158.,  and  .eB.  For  further  particulars  apply  to  Messrs.  ORTON,  Auctioneers;  or  to  Mr.  HENRY  FORD,  Solicitor,  Chester.  TO  BREWERS,  PUBLICANS,  AND  OTHERS.  VALUABLE  LICENSED  PUBLIC-HOUSE.  Post-office  Place  and  School  Lane,  known  as  the  Post-officeTaverni  ; STYLE=superscript  '  -- STYLE=superscript  --  On  Wednesday,  the  23rd  instant,  at  One  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon-roonas,  South  Jelin-street,  Liverpo,l,  Reject  t  conditions  to  be  then  produced,  APIECE  of  LAND,  situate  on  the  north  side  of  School-lane,  Liverpool,  bounded  west  by  Post-office Post-officeplace,  place, Post-officeplace,  north  by  Brooke's-alley;  containing.,  in  front  to  School-lane  18  feet  4  inches,  and  runniog  in  cepth  on  the  east  side  69  feet  6  inches,  on  the  west  fro  n  school-la.,  e  55  feet  8  inches,  and  then  extending  in  a  circular  direction  at  the  north-west  corner  to  Brooke's-alley  to  the  east  side;  to‘eth-r  wits  the  licensed  PUB PUBLIC-HOUSE  LIC-HOUSE PUBLIC-HOUSE  at  the  corner  of  Postoffice-place  and  School-lane,  and  the  Shop  and  other  Buildings  extending  along  Postoffice-place  to  Brooke's-all  iy.  The  Prop,:rtlis  leasehold  under  the  C3rpo?atioi  of  Liverpool,  for  the  residue  of  a  term,  of  which  about  eighteen  years  are  ;  now  unexpired.  Tne  Public-house  is  doing  a  good  business,  ant  is  capable  of  great  improvement.  The  premises  are  worthy  the  attention  of  Br  wers  or  Publicans,  or  of  any  person  in  want  of  a  licensed  public-house.  For  Wither  particulars,  apply  to  Messrs.  Robinson  and  Duke,  solicitors,  7,  Church-alley,  Liverpool.  THE  MAN  WITH  THREE  WIVES  !"
