text
"said,  be  thereby  enriched,  under  providence,  in  all  time  to  come.  So  much  struck  was  a  learned  doctor  of  medicine  present,  with  the  generous  benevolence  of  the  gentleman  whom  I  have  named,  that  he  got  up  at  the  conclusion  of  the  meeting  and  moved  thanks  to  him,  not  only  as  one  who  had  done  more  for  Carlisle  than  any  other  living  man,  but  as  a  public  This  was  carried  by  acclamation,  and  the  complimented  gentleman  owned  the  soft  impeach impeachment.  ment. impeachment.  He  said  he  believed  that  he  had,  under  providence,  done  something  for  Carlisle,  and  he  was  desirous  of  being  useful  in  a  wider  range.  The  good  thing  of  these  shares  was  a  prize  which  he  wished  his  particular  friends  to  avail  themselves  of;  riches  made  themselves  wings,  but  a  man  was  hardly  justified  in  neglecting  to  avail  himself  of  advan advantages  tages advantages  which  would  render  him  more  useful  to  his  fellow fellowcreatures.  creatures. fellowcreatures.  He  could  only  say  that  those  who  did  not  then  act  with  decision,  would  in  all  probability  , STYLE=superscript  have  reason  to  be  sorry  for  it.  Loud  applause  concluded  the  meeting.  Every  one  present  felt  the  depth  of  his  pockets,  and  most  of  them  were  mentally  deemed  too  contracted.  In  the  course  of  a  few  days,  as  I  have  seen  by  the  lists,  and  gathered  from  what  my  friend  told  me,  there  was  quite  a  rage  for  Bennett  and  Carr's  good  Among  the  names,  I  observe  :  Mr.  Rome,  late  draper  ;  Dr.  Lonsdale,  a  large  amount  ;  Mr.  Wright,  solicitor  ;  Mr.  Howe,  solicitor  ;  Mr.  John  Nanson,  solicitor  ;  Mr.  Jackson,  solicitor,  and  clerk  to  the  borough  magistrates  ;  Mr.  Hope,  wine  merchant  ;  Mr.  Carruthers,  steam-packet  office;  Mr.  Procter  brazier;  Mr.  Farrer,  City  and  District  Bank  :  Mr.  Harrison,  druggist  ;  Mr.  Sawyer,  druggist;  Mr.  Thompson,  druggist;  Mr.  Matthews,  weighing-machine  ;  Mr.  Blacklock,  grocer  ;  Miss  Lattimer  ;  Mr.  Duncan,  Temperance  Hotel;  Rev.  Dr.  Buck;  Mr.  Forster,  manager  at  Messrs.  Dixon's  ;  Mr.  Railton,  goods  manager  at  the  railway  ;  Mr.  Hickison,  clerk  at  Mr.  J.  D.  Carr's  ;  Mr.  Sargeant  in  the  employ  of  ditto  ;  Mr.  Cowen,  ditto;  Mr.  R.  Brockbank,  ditto;  Mr.  John  Brockbank,  ditto  ;  Mr.  R.  Nevett,  ditto  ;  A  governess  at  Mr.  Carr's  ;  Mr.  Procter,  brother-in-law  to  Mr.  Carr,  £2000;  Mr.  Gill,  of  one  of  the  railways  at  Carlisle;  Mr.  J.  Parker,  of  the  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  Railway  ;  Mr.  Thorpe,  bank  clerk  ;  Mr.  Hamilton,  at  Messrs.  Dixon's  ;  Mr.  Brock Brockbank,  bank, Brockbank,  veterinary  surgeon  ;  Mr.  Hannah,  teacher;  Mr.  Arm Armstrong,  strong, Armstrong,  timber  merchant;  Mr.  Irving,  grocer,  &amp;c.  There  are  others  whose  names  have  not  reached  me,  or  I  have  forgotten  them.  Now,  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Editor,  are  not  these  victims  most  cruelly  treated  ?  Nay,  are  not  the  greater  part  atrociously  I  am  sure  I  pity  them  from  the  bottom  of  my  heart;  yet  they  have  this  consolation—they  suffer  for  the  benefit  of  their  fellow-creatures,  for  their  fate  will  und  ou  bt  e  dl  y  operate  as  a  trumpet-tongued  warning,  and  will  teach  the  too  ere erednlous,  dnlous, erednlous,  who  have  trusted  to  appearances,  that  too  often  when  extra  philanthropy  is  professed  there  is  anything  rather  than  pure  benevolence  behind  :  that,  in  short,  when  most  fair,  most  Is  it  surprising  that  legal  proceedings  are  about  to  be  taken  against  some  of  the  decoys  ?  ONE  OP  THOSE  WHO  SMART."
