text
"LICENSING  SESSIONS  The  special  licensing  sessions  for  granting  transfers,  was  held  yesterday,  in  the  Nisi  Prius  court,  before  the  following  magistrates,  Messrs.  S.  Holme,  T.  D.  Anderson,  and  T.  Bolton.  On  the  case  of  the  transfer  from  Martha  Bingham  to  Mathew  Buxendale,  Lionel-street,  being  called  upon,  Mr.  BLACKIIURST  said  he  understood  that  some  objection  had  been  made  to  the  transfer,  on  the  ground  that  the  pre previous  vious previous  tenant  had  been  fined  subsequent  to  the  last  licensing  day.  Since  that  time  Martha  Bingham  the  former  tenant,  had  petitioned  the  insolvent  court,  and  the  present  applicant  had  since  conducted  the  business.  He  was  a  respectable  man;  had  paid  a  bona  fide  consideration  for  the  place,  and  no  complaint  had  been  made  against  the  house  since  it  came  under  his  management.  That  was  one  reason  why  the  the  license  should  be  granted,  and  he  held  a  certificate  in  his  hand,  signed  by  several  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  neigh neighbourhood,  bourhood, neighbourhood,  to  the  effect  that  the  applicant  Buxendale,  was  a  fit  person  to  be  entrusted  with  a  license.  Mr.  WYBERGH  :  There  can  be  no  complaint  against  him  because  he  is  not  licensed.  Mr.  HoLmE  :  This  is-in  a  very  narrow  back  street,  and  he  for  one,  would  never  grant  a  license  in  such  a  place  as  it.  Those  houses  ought  to  be  before  the  face  of  the  public.  It  was  a  very  unfit  place  for  a  public  house  at  all;  and  besides.  laws  t,ccu  fined  in  Sprit  last  year,  and.  in  September.  Mr.  BLACKHURST  remarked  that  this  was  prior  to  this  man  purchasing  it.  He  was  not  aware  of  it  when  he  pur purchased  chased purchased  it.  Mr.  WYBERGH  remarked  that  there  was  only  one  offence  since  the  last  licensing  day.  Mr.  HoLmn  had  a  - STYLE=superscript  area  objection  to  continue  this  license  at  all.  It  was  in  a  narrow  dirty  street,  in  which  there  were  great  means  of  concealment.  Mr.  WYBERGH  said  unless  there  were  two  offences  in  the  same  year,  the  magistra:es  were  not  in  the  habit  of  suspend suspending  ing suspending  the  license.  Granted.  Mr.  HoLNIE  :  The  party  had  better  conduct  this  house  with  great  care.  Mr.  BLACKHURST  :  I  have  no  doubt  he  will,  having  con conducted  ducted conducted  the  house  since  September,  and  there  had  been  no  complaint.  On  an  application  being  made  to  transfer  a  license  in  Banastre-street,  from  James  Backhouse  to  Charles  Wilson,  Mr.  HOLME  said  he  went  to  explore  Banastre-street,  a  few  days  before,  and  there  was  not  house  in  it  from  one  end  to  the  other,  which  was  fit  to  be  licensed.  It  was  one  of  the  most  filthy  and  miserable  neighbourhoods  in  the  kingdom,  and  he  never  saw  so  much  misery  and  filth.  It  was  a  place  to  which  a  license  ought  not  to  be  granted  until  the  street  was  rebuilt.  He  never  saw  such  misery,  filth,  and  abomina  '  tion.  It  would  be  a  great  blessing  if  the  whole  street  was  pulled  down.  It  reminded  him  of  some  of  the  worst  parts  of  Ireland.  The  granting  of  the  license  was  postponed  until  the  premises  were  put  into  a  proper  state  of  repair.  On  an  application  being  made  to  transfer  a  license  from  Francis  M'Kenna,  Cheapside,  to  Wm.  Walter  Beam,  Mr.  HOLME  remarked  that  this  house  was  fined  in  Octo October  ber October  last,  40s.  for  Sunday  trading.  The  party  who  was  about  taking  the  house  must  bear  in  mind  that  there  was  a  black  mark  against  it,  and  the  next  offence  would  cause  the  license  to  be  refused.  Charles  Pugh  applied  to  have  the  license  of  a  house  in  Circus-street,  transferred  from  Samuel  Hough  to  him.  Mr.  WYBERGII  reminded  the  bench  that  the  applicant  in  this  case  kept  a  public-house  before,  but  the  license  was  in  the  name  of  a  man  named  M'Guinness.  There  was  some something  thing something  like  fraud  in  the  case.  Mr.  HoLME  asked  the  applicant  to  explain  how  he  was  im  - STYLE=superscript  olicated  in  this  manner  ?  Puon  stated  the  landlord  gave  him  the  transfer  paper  signed.  He  had  nothing  to  do  with  it.  The  landlord  gave  them  to  him  twiee.  gation;  compos  — STYLE=superscript  ed  principally  of  reclaimed  Roman  Catho-  Mr;  WYBEILGII  :  Yes,  but  you  were  aware  you  were  ear earlies,  lies, earlies,  amongst  whom  he  worshipped.  He  described  a  rying  on  the  house  under  the  name  of  Al‘Gumness,  whilst  Popish  procession,  composed  of  females,  which  he  wit.;  ,  your  own  name  is  Pugh.  .  •  Mr.  PUGH  Yes,  but  I  did  not  know  but  I  was  doing  right  I  applied  four  times  for  it.  Mr.  HOLME  i  What  is  your  employment  ?  Mr.  litfGri  A  sailmakei  Mr.  HOLME  :  Are  you  fo  Mr.  PUGH  :  Yes  Mr.  HOLM  lilowinz  your  employment  now  ?  Because  the  whole  of  the  circumstances  are  very  suspicious.  Mr.  BOLTON  :  How  long  did  you  keep  the  house  in  the  name  of  M'Guinness  ?  Mr.  PUGH  :  Eleven  months,  or  close  on  to  it.  Mr.  WYBERGH  :  You  had  M'Guinness's  name  over  the  door  ?  •  _  Mr.  PrrGH  :  Yes,  when  I  took  the  house.  Mr.  WYBERGH  :  You  surely  knew  it  was  not  right  ?  Mr.  PUGH  :  Not  until  you  told  me  here.  Mr.  WYBERG  :  When  you  proposed  to  continue  the  public-house,  you  surely  knew  you  ought  to  have  your  own  e  over  the  door  ?  Mr.  PUGH  :  I  paid  my  good-will  to  the  landlord,  I  did  not  know  but  I  would  have  it  transferred.  Mr.  BOLTON  :  Did  M'Guinness  live  in  the  hous(  you  went  into  it  Mr.  Puorr  :  It  was  empty  for  some  time  when  I  went  in  Mr.  WYBERGH  :  He  consents  to  the  carrying  on  of  a  fraud  which  originated  with  M'Guinness.  Mr.  BOLTON  :  The  landlord  was  a  party  to  it  ?  Mr.  WYBEROH  :  Yes,  the  landlord  was  originally  a  party  to  the  fraud,  but  he  carried  it  on.  Mr.  HOLME  :  In  consequence  of  the  good  character  you  have,  we  will  give  you  the  benefit  of  the  doubt  ;  but  that  you  lent  yourself  to  fraud  is  perfectly  clear,  but  whether  wilfully  or  not  we  do  not  pretend  to  say.  Granted.  Andrew  O'Brien  applied  for  a  transfer  of  a  license  from  George  Mayor,  in  Marybone.  O'Brien  was  manager  of  the  house  when  it  was  fined  very  recently  on  a  charge  of  per permitting  mitting permitting  drunkenness.  His  excuse  was  that  he  did  not  know  the  neighbourhood  at  the  time  the  house  opened  early,  and  he  pledged  himself  that  no  future  offence  of  the  kind  would  be  committed.  Mr.  S.  HOLME  :  I  saw  more  drunkenness  a  day  or  two  ago  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Marybone,  and  in  the  cross  streets  leading  to  Vauxhall-road,  in  the  course  of  a  few  hours  than  I  ever  saw  in  Paris  in  tho  Same  number  of  months  when  I  was  there.  The  state  of  society  in  that  neighbourhood  is  horrible.  In  proportion  to  the  misery  and  drunkenness  in  that  locality  is  the  splendour  and  magnifi magnificence  cence magnificence  of  the  gin  palaces  there.  Granted  John  Imam  applied  it  44  4,  James  Gilmour,  Oil-street.  Mr.  HOLME  :  You  were  twice  fined  in  a  former  house  you  kept  in  Thomas-street.  Mr.  BUSHELL  :  I  kept  that  for  26  years.  Mr.  HOLME  :  This  is  somewhat  a  doubtful  case.  It  is  not  against  the  house  ;  it  is  against  the  individual,  who,  having  given  up  the  one  place,  is  applying  for  a  licence  in  another  part  of  the  town.  Yours  is  a  different  case  from  a  party  applying  for  a  license  for  the  first  time.  You  are  the  party  who  has  committed  the  offence.  Mr.  BUSHELL  :  It  will  never  occur  again.  Mr.  HOLME  :  But  it  has  occurred.  The  last  offence  was  in  August  in  the  present  year,  and  the  previous  one  in  the  previous  year.  What  is  your  occupation  ?  Mr.  BUSHELL  :  I  am  a  tailor  by  trade,  but  I  have  not  worked  at  it  latterly.  Mr.  HOLME  :  There  are  great  doubts  whether  we  ought  to  grant  you  this.  The  great  object  of  a  license  is  to  keep  a  house  respectable,  and  I  cannot  see  why  a  public  house  can cannot  not cannot  be  as  respectably  kept  as  a  grocer's  shop.  The  object  of  the  license  was  to  see  that  they  were  kept  so,  and  that  the  licenses  were  placed  in  respectable  hands.  The  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  on  this  occasion  grant  the  license,  but  with  very  great  A,,  of  flin  lieense  of  reluctance,  for  the  reason  given;  and  they  hope,  as  you  are  going  jab  another  neighbourhood,  that  you  will  conduct  your  house  in  a  respectable  manner.  You  are  going  to  con conduct  duct conduct  a  house  in  a  neighbourhood  swarming  with  emigrants,  and  surrounded  by  public  houses  (almost  every  house  is  a  public  house  along  the  line  of  quay),  and  with  those  two  offences  you  must  receive  this  notice,  if  you  are  fined  again  the  license  will  be  absolutely  withdrawn  altogether  from  the  house.  With  that  assurance  the  license  will  be  granted.  BREACH  OF  FAITH  WITH  THE  BENCH.  Mr.  DODD  applied  to  have  a  transfer  of  license  of  Mrs.  Mary  Payne,  of  Prescot-street.  Mr.  HOLME  :  In  what  way  are  you  connected  with  Mrs.  Payne  ?  Mr.  DODD  :  In  no  way.  Mr.  HOLME  :  Mrs.  Payne  had  a  license  granted  to  her  at  the  last  licensing  sessions,  and  she  stated  to  the  bench  that  she  had  a  large  Tamily  to'support,  and  that  one  of  her  sons  was  going  to  conduct  the  house.  She  also  stated  she  had  expended  a  large  sum  of  money  in  making  alterations  ;  and  being  the  widow  of  a  man  who  was  well  known  in  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  the  magistrates  thought  she  was  a  person  who  ought  to  have  a  license  ;  but  she  distinctly  stated  when  the  license  was  granted,  that  her  own  son  was  going  to  conduct  the  house.  Mr.  DODD  :  I  was  not  aware  of  it.  Mr.  RAWLLNSON  (a  publican  in  the  same  street)  :  She  stated  she  was  going  to  keep  the  house,  but  she  has  never  kept  the  house.  Mr.  WYBERGII  :  What  have  you  to  do  with  it  ?  Mr.  RAWLINSON  :  Because  it  is  one  of  those  cases  that  cause  such  odium  on  this  licensing  system.  Mr.  WYEERGH  :  What  connection  have  you  with  it?  Mr.  RAWLINSON  :  I  am  a  neighbour,  and  keep  a  public  house  close  by.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  HOLME  :  We  cannot  hear  you  on  that  point.  Mr.  RAWLINSON.•—It  was  stated  she  had  gone  to  this  ex expense  pense expense  to  make  alterations;  but  the  poor  tradesmen  were  never  paid.  Mr.  HoiziE  remarked,  the  license  was  granted  with  the  distinct  understanding  that  the  house  was  to  be  kept  by  Mrs.  Payne's  son.  It  was  stated  that  her  husband  was  a  plumber,  and  that  her  father  was  also  a  plumber  in  Liverpool,  and  that  she  had  a  good  claim  for  a  license;  and  the  visiting  magistrates  reported  not  only  that  the  house  was  not  objec objectionable,  tionable, objectionable,  but  that  a  great  deal  of  money  had  been  expended  to  make  it  suitable.  Under  all  these  circumstances,  the  magistrates  thought  it  was  a  case  in  which  a  license  ought  to  be  granted;  but  Mrs.  Payne  distinctly  stated  her  son  was  going  to  conduct  the  house.  A  gentleman,  who  stated  he  was  a  relative,  the  agent  of  Mrs.  Payne,  informed  the  bench  that  Mrs.  Payne's  son  was  at  Hull,  and  he  was  not  able  to  carry  on  the  business  ;  and  Mrs.  Payne  was  very  unwell,  or  she  would  have  been  here  this  morning.  Mr.  HorziE—What  is  the  rent  of  the  house  ?  The  AGENT  :  —Three  pounds  a  year  less  than  the  previous  tenant  paid.  Mr.  HOLME  :  What  is  the  rent  ?  AGENT  :  601.  She  had  previously  paid  631;  but  Mr.Dodd's  references  were  so  highly  respectable,  she  accepted  him  as  a  tenant,  believing  the  house  would  be  more  respectably  con conducted  ducted conducted  by  him  than  by  any  other  person.  She  had  had  her  servant  to  conduct  the  business  for  some  time.  Mr.  Rol.=  :  Have  you  paid  any  money  going  in.  Mr.  DODD  :  A  dep2sit.  Mr.  WYBERGH  :  now  much  ?  Mr.  DODD  :  Mr.  WYBERGH  :  It  will  be  returned  to  you  if  the  applica applicacation  cation applicacation  does  not  succeed  ?  Mr.  DODD  :  That  is  the  fact.  Mr.  HOLME  :  Have  you  ever  kept  a  public  house?  Mr.  DODD  had  kept  a  public  house  at  the  corner  of  Pil Pilgrim  grim Pilgrim  and  Mount-streets,  for  seven  years,  and  he  had  never  been  fined,  nor  was  there  a  complaint  against  him  during  that  time.  Mr.  BOLTON  :  How  came  you  to  give  the  house  up  ?  Mr.  DODD  :  From  ill  healh.  I  was  taken  very  ill,  and  I  was  advised  by  the  doctor  to  go  into  the  country.  Mr.  HOLME  said  it  was  clear  that  Mrs.  Payne  did  state  that  her  son  was  going  to  conduct  the  house.  Under  all  the  circim.stances  he  thought  some  inquiry  should  be  made  into  the  case,  and  the  parties  should  be  prepared  on  the  next  transfer  day.  The  transfer  was  then  ordered  to  stand  over.  Vim.  Alton  appeared  for  the  transfer  of  the  license  of  John  Bushell,  of  Thomas-street.  [Bashell  in  this  case  was  the  party  who  applied  for  the  transfer  from  Thomas-street  to  Oil-street.]  Mr.  HOLME  :  Who  is  the  owner  of  the  house  ?  Mr.  AITAN  :  Mr.  Barton,  the  brewer.  Mr.  HOLME  :  Oh  !  I  see.  Mr.  WYBERGH  :  Are  you  going  to  keep  this  house  on  your  own  hands  ?  Mr.  WYBERGH  :  From  whom  have  you  taken  it  ?  Mr.  AITAN  :  I  took  the  house  from  Mr.  Bushell.  Mr.  WYBERGH  :  To  whom  are  you  to  pay  your  rent  ?  Mr.  AITAN  :  To  a  gentleman  in  Cheshire.  Mr.  WYBERGH  :  What  is  his  name  Mr.  AITAN  ;  I  don't  know.  Mr.  HOLME  :  This  is  a  brewer's  house;  he  knows  nothing  about  it.  The  license  must  be  refused.  The  following  is  the  list  of  transfers  :  Argyle-street,  Ann  Rimmer  to  Mary  Lowden;  Brick Brickstreet,  street, Brickstreet,  William  Smith  to  George  Hueston  ;  Burlington Burlingtonstreet,  street, Burlingtonstreet,  Ann  Preston  to  John  M‘Millan;  Charles-street,  Mary  Bellis  to  James  Fetley  ;  Cheapside,  Francis  M'Kenne  to  William  Walter  Bearn  ;  Circus-street,  Samuel  Hough  to  Charles  Pugh  ;  Commutation-row,  Elizabeth  Griffiths  to  Joseph  Asberry  ;  Cunliffe-street,  Mary  Anderson  to  James  Sloan  ;  Dale-street,  Mary  Hurnell  to  Thomas  Fisher  ;  Duke Dukestreet,  street, Dukestreet,  Elizabeth  Burton  to  Benjamin  Burton;  Edmund Edmundstreet,  street, Edmundstreet,  John  Houlding  to  Joh  n  C  rane  ;  G  rea  t  Crosshall Crosshallstreet,  street, Crosshallstreet,  John  Bankes  to  Elizabeth  Parry  ;  Great  Howard Howardstreet,  street, Howardstreet,  John  Woodmason  to  Alexander  Britton  ;  Great  Newton-street,  John  Empson  to  Marmaduke  Drake  ;  Great  Oxford-street  North,  Thomas  Taylor  to  Georg?  Harrison  Houghton;  Hughes-street,  Edward  Lancaster  to  George  Hison  •  Kent-street,  Mary  Hir  s  t  t  o  Jes  s  y  Lee;  Key-street,  Hannah  Powell  to  Lucy  Williams  ;  Leigh-street,  John  Atherton  to  Caroline  Maenzie  ;  Lionel-street,  Martha  Bingham  to  M  a  tth  ew  Baxendale  ;  London-road,  Andrew  Morrison  to  David  Smith  ;  London-road,  James  Chapman  to  Elizabeth  Fletcher  ;  Maddox-street,  James  Duckworth  to  G.  Richardson;  Marybone,  G.  Mayor  to  Andrew  O'Brien;  Norfolk-street,  Barbara  Logan  to  John  Moore  ;  Oil-street,  James  Gilmour  to  John  Bushell  ;  Park-road,  David  Lamont  to  William  Radley  ;  Princess-street,  Philip  Bootle  to  Dorothea  Jones  ;  Rathbone-street,  John  Ledson  (dead)  to  Elizabeth  Ledson  •  Redcross-street,  Joseph  Bagley  to  Eliza Elizabeth  beth Elizabeth  Thomas  ;  Richmond-row,  John  Heslop,  to  Thomas  Hunt  Cooper  ;  Scotland-road,  Mary  Cookson  to  Robert  Dunderdale  ;  Scotland-road,  Peter  Williams  (dead)  to  Thomas  Williams  ;  Torbock-street,  Wiliam  'Smith  to  Robert  Snape  ;  Toxteth-street,  James  Mead  to  Mary  Ann  Lyon  ;  Vandries-street,  John  Clegg  to  William  Cornelius  ,  ~._.  .  Gorsuch  ;  Villiers-street,  Charles  illunroadty  tolea  Wells  ;  Vulcan  street,  William  MorrisoM+Ro  ert  M‘Luw  . STYLE=superscript  ;  i  Walnut  -street,  Mary  Williams  to  George:Vp  taker  ;  War Warwick-street,  wick-street, Warwick-street,  Robert  Sykes  to  William  G  ?cu  a  .Watk7mson .Watk7msonstreet,  street, .Watk7msonstreet,  Thomas  Gatcliffe  (dead)  to  Isaac  r  at+  1 STYLE=superscript  :-  IbuioN'er:  street,  John  Edington,  to  Chrinlaira,  &#34;:ll'Donald.  to  work  in  the  south,  ana  whose  Mother  was  re recently  cently recently  dead,  were  thrust  out  by  the  officers  and  constables,  and  left  to  perish  on  the  hillside.  At  Boreraig,  a  woman  aged  88,  was  brought  out  of  a  sick  bed,  and  was  placed  in  a  chair  about  20  yards  from  her  house,  and  there  she  was  left  totally  unheeded.  A  sick  man,  aged  83,  was  brought  out  on  a  blanket.  At  Suishnish  a  very  old  woman,  aged  96  years,  with  her  son  and  four  grand-children,  were  thrust  out,  and  the  house  was  immediately  shut  up,  and  they  dare  not  enter  it.  They  took  up  their  abode  in  an  old  sheep-cot,  9  fcet  by  7  feet,  with  the  roof  so  low  that  they  could  only  creep  in,  and  the  floor  so  damp  that  they  could  not  rest  on  it.  They  could  not  take  their  fu  r  nit  ure  i  n  s  id  e  ,  an  d  th  er  e  it  is  still  exposed  and  destroyed  by  the  elements.  The  son  took  ill  on  Wednesday,  owing  to  the  cold  and  damp  of  the  but  ;  his  limbs  swelled  dreadfully,  and  he  lingered  on  in  painful  agony  until  Sunday  morning,  when  he  died.  Two  of  his  children  lay  sick  at  the  time,  and  the  aged  grandmother  was  :ti  —a  --  nithniiph  her  son  lay  dead  beside  her  for  more  than  four  hours  before  the  neiguuoi4,.,-...1  was  quite  unable  to  move.  Those  who  visited  the  hovel  in  which  poor  Wm.  Mathe Matheson  son Matheson  lay  dead  declare  it  was  the  most  heart-rending  sight  they  ever  beheld.  There  his  aged  mother  and  motherless  children  lay,  with  the  dead  corpse  in  the  same  bed  with  them.  A  cof coffin  fin coffin  was  speedily  procured,  and  the  remains  of  poor  Mathe Matheson  son Matheson  were  hurried  to  their  final  resting  place,  from  where  no  trustee  or  factor  can  eject  them.  That  Matheson's  death  was  caused  by  this  eviction,  admits  of  no  doubt  whatever.  In Indeed,  deed, Indeed,  his  aged  mother  and  four  children,  unless  speedily  re removed  moved removed  from  their  dangerous  habitation,  will  meet  with  the  same  fate.  One  poor  man,  81  years  of  age,  went  back  to  his  house  after  he  was  ejected,  and  took  shelter  within  its  empty  walls  during  one  or  two  terrible  stormy  nights.  For  this  he  was  pounced  upon,  made  a  prisoner  of,  and  was  dragged  to  Por Portree,  tree, Portree,  a  distance  of  26  miles,  and  was  there  accused  before  the  sheriff  of  an  act  of  intrusion.  The  sheriff  officer,  Mr.  Ronald  M'Donald,  had  seven  as assistants  sistants assistants  in  carrying  on  these  evictions,  and  such  was  the  wanton  violence  they  used  in  throwing  out  the  furniture  of  the  poor  people  that  almost  all  of  it  was  de destroyed.  stroyed. destroyed.  These  clearances  are  carried  on  by  virtue  of  acts  of  the  Scottish  parliament  more  than  250  years  old.  AMERICAN  SENSITIVENESS.  The  Americans  have  taken  offence  at  the  following  passage  in  the  new  work  of  Mr.  Thackeray  When  pigtails  grew  on  the  backs  of  the  British  gentry,  and  their  wives  wore  cushions  on  their  heads,  over  which  they  tied  their  own  hair,  and  disguised  it  with  powder  and  pomatum  ;  when  /ministers  went  in  their  stars  and  orders  to  the  House  of  Commons,  and  the  orators  of  the  opposition  attacked  nightly  the  noble  lord  in  the  blue  ribband  ;  when  Mr.  Washington  was  heading  the  American  rebels  with  a  courage,  it  must  be  confessed,  worthy  of  a  better  cause,  —  there  came  to  London,  out  of  a  northern  country;  Br.e.  They  have  denounced  this  mode  of  describing  their  first  president,  and  their  progenitors  as  an  insult  to  the  Union.  In  consequence,  Mr.  Thackeray  has  addressed  to  the  Times  a  letter,  in  which  he  offers  this  anzende  :—I  am  thinking  about  '76.  Where,  in  the  name  of  common  sense,  is  the  insult  to  1853  ?  The  satire,  if  satire  there  be,  applies  to  us  at  home,  who  called  Washington  Mr.  Washington  as  we  called  Frederick  the  Great  the  Protestant  or  Napoleon  the  Corsican  or  General  Need  I  say  that  our  officers  were  instructed  (until  they  were  taught  better  manners)  to  call  Washington  Mr.  Washing Washington  ton Washington  and  that  the  Americans  were  called  rebels  during  the  whole  of  that  contest?  Rebels  !—of  course  they  were  rebels;  and  I  should  like  to  know  what  native  American  would  not  have  been  a  rebel  in  that  cause  ?  As  irony  is  dangerous,  and  has  hurt  the  feelings  of  kind  friends  whom  I  would  not  wish  to  offend,  let  me  say,  in  perfect  faith  and  gravity,  that  I  think  the  cause  for  which  Washington  fought  entirely  just  and  right,  and  the  champion  the  very  noblest,  purest,  bravest,  best  of  God's  men.  SPORTING  TATTERSALS,  YESTERDAY,  DERBY.-14  to  1  agst  DerVish,  taken  to  £lOO.  20  to  1  agst  Andover,  taken  to  £5O.  - STYLE=superscript  CHESTER  Cur.--1000  to  15  agst  Mr.  Sykes,  taken.  1000  to  1  agst  Heapy.  No  further  betting.  NEWTON  RACES.  HURDLE  RACE.—Tumbler  Ist,  Oxford  2nd  ;  5  ran.  HANDICAP  PLATE.  —Voucher  Ist,  f  by  Ugly  Buck  2nd;  9  ran.  STEEPLE  CHASE.  —Labyrinth  Ist,  Royal  Blue  2nd  . STYLE=superscript  :  12  ran.  COLLIER'S  HANDICAP.  —Maid  of  Mouton  Ist,  Thalia  filly  2nd  ;  7  ran.  AMERICAN  SPORTING  The  last  arrivals  record  the  coming  off  of  two  great  trotting  matches,  and  the  offer  of  another  to  trot  100  miles  against  time  for  $B,OOO  to  $lO,OOO.  The  first  was  for  $750  and  was  between  two  celebrated  mares,  Lay  Verncn  and  Lady  Jane  The  latter  was  the  favourite,  but  the  former  won  three  heats  out  of  five  withcut  a  check.  Heats  one  mile,  but  three  in  five.  The  second  match  was  for  $5OOO  between  two  geldings,  Snowdrop  and  Wand,  same  heats  and  distance  as  the  first,  and  was  won  by  the  latter."
