text
"THE  EYE  AND  EAR  INFIRMARY  The  annual  meeting  of  th7trustees  of  the  Eye  an  d  Ear  Infirmary,  was  held  in  the  Clarendon  Rooms,  at  two  o'clock  yesterday.  Mr.  Edward  Heath  o2cupied  the  chair.  There  was  a  very  small  attendance.  The  Chairman  in  a  few  words  introduced  the  business  , STYLE=superscript  and  called  upon  the  secretary  to  read  the  report.  The  Hon.  Secretary,  Mr.  Campbell,  read  the  following  REPORT.  Your  committee  have  no  particular  feature  to  notice  in  the  working  of  this  charity  during  the  past  year,  except  the  con'  tinned  and  increasing  advantages  of  its  operation.  The  following  figures  will  show  to  the  subscribers  the  very  beneficial  results  that  their  bounty  has  secured  to  so  man/  poor  people,  who  otherwise  would  havo  to  suffer,  unaided  by  medical  advice.  The  number  of  patients  seeking  relief  this  year  for  disease'  of  the  eye  has  been  4,169,  and  the  attendances  15,497,  being'  an  average  visit  of  3.72  for  each  patient.  The  number  for  diseases  of  the  ear  have  been  1,270,  and  tilt  4,627,  being  an  average  of  3.63.  •  In  addition  to  the  above,  75  persons  have  been  maintained  to  in-patients,  and  143  operations  have  been  performed  during  the  year.  Your  committee  have  great  pleasure  in  bearing  testimony  generally  to  the  zeal  and  attention  of  the  medical  officers,  as  well  as  to  the  success  which  has  resulted  from  their  skill.  There  has  been  no  alteration  in  the  staff  this  year,  the  same  continuing  to  conduct  the  management  of  the  institution  in  an  efficient  and  satisfactory  manner.  The  finances  of  the  charity  are  in  a  fair  position  ;  but,  as  a  large  pzoportion  of  the  revenue  arises  from  the  precarious  source  of  donations,  the  committee  aro  anxious  to  press  the  claims  of  this  valuable  institution  upon  the  attention  of  the  subscribing  public  The  committee  gratefully  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  3 STYLE=superscript  legncy  of  £5O,  from  the  executors  of  the  late  J,  Stringer,  Esq.  From  the  report  of  the  treasurer,  Mr.  Langton,  ft  appeared  that  there  was  a  balance  in  hands  of  1451.  Is.  8j:  '  The  Chairman  said:  Gentlemen:  Before  I  put  the  first  resolution  to  you  for  passing  the  report  wad  accounts,  L  would  remark  how  gratifying  it  is  to  observe  the  steadi  •  position  which  this  most  useful  and  excellent  charity  still  occupies.  The  increase  during  the  last  year  in  the  number  of  patients  applying,  has  been  very  slight,  but  I  would  observe  that  we  should  not  altogether  expect  that  the  increase  should  bear  a  proportion  to  the  increas increasing  ing increasing  population,  because  you  are  aware,  that  institutions  of  a  simil  ar  c  h  aracter  grow  up  in  the  out outlying  lying outlying  districts,  and  supply  the  wants  of  the  new  popula population.  tion. population.  Therefore,  that  we  should  retain  an  equal  n  u  mber  of  patients  applying  and  availing  of  the  means  here  g  iven,  for  alleviating  human  disease  of  this  character  is,  I  sail  exceedingly  encouraging;  an  d  w  h  en  we  consider  the  small  pecuniary  amount  which,  when  thus  properly  all'  systematically  applied,  is  productive  of  such  great  benefit  to  no  less  than  between  4,000  and  5,000  sufferers  from  diseases  of  the  eye  and  ear,  it  becomes  a  very  strong  inducement  to  us  that  we  should  not  only  contribute  our  selves,  but  that  we  should  urge  all  within  our  sphere  to  do  likewise.  Any  individual  among  us  who  has  ever  suffered  from  disease  of  the  eye  or  ear  must  know  hold  exquisitely  sensitive  these  organs  are,  and  what  intense  pain  is  produced  by  their  derangement  ;  and  when  ivt  ) STYLE=superscript  know  that  by  the  application  of  so  small  a  sum  this  pain  and  misery  have  been  removed,  or  at  least,  mitigated,  among  such  a  large  number  of  persong,  we  must  declare  that  this  is  one  of  the  most  useful  institutions  in  the  town  devoted  to  this  par particular  ticular particular  class  of  relief—the  relief  of  the  1115 STYLE=superscript  which  afflict  the  body.  (hear,  hear.)  The  chai  rman  then,  proposed  that  the  re  p  or  t  and  statement  of  accounts,  jlOt  read,  be  adopted.  Mr.  Livingston  seconded  the  resolution,  which  Wail  carried  unanimously.  The  next  resolution,  which  was  also  proposed  by  the  chairman,  was  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  Corporation  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  for  their  donation  of  £lOO,  and  to  all  who  had  presented  donations  during  the  past  year.  Mr.  Hugh  Neill,  in  seconding  the  resolution,  stated  tha  t STYLE=superscript  he  bad  been  requested  to  hand  in  a  donation  of  £2O  frore  Sir  John  Bent,  and  £lO  from  Mr.  Welsh.  The  motion  was  passed,  the  latter  donors  being  included  in  the  vote  of  thanks.  A  vote  of  thanks  was  passed  to  the  president,  vice'  -  presidents,  officers,  and  committee  of  the  past  year,  who  were  all  re-elected,  with  the  exception  of  the  president,  in  which  instance  the  name  of  the  present  Mayor,  Mr,  Jobs  Stewart,  was  substituted  for  that  of  Mr.  J.  A.  Tobin,  M  a  yor  during  the  past  year.  Thanks  were  passed  to  the  medical  officers,  who  were  also  re-elected  unanimously.  Mr.  James  Holmc  proposed  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chair chairman,  man, chairman,  and  in  doing  so,  took  occasion  to  call  the  attention  e'  the  inhabitants  of  Liverpool  to  the  fact,  that  although  the  institution  was  at  p  resen  t  i  n  a  pretty  prosperous  state,  y  ew STYLE=superscript  the  main  support  which  they  had  was  rapidly  declining;  the  annual  subsctiptions.  In  1852  they  had  £376  annual  subscriptions;  while,  with  a  very  much  increased  I  popula population,  tion, population,  the  subsc  r  ipti  ons  o  f  18  55  had  diminished  to  £314.`  it  had  not  been  for  the  handsome  grant  from  the  corpora'  tion,  their  accounts  that  day  would  be  very  nearly  at  a  balance.  He  therefore  expressed  a  hope  that  the  inhabt  tants  would  give  larger  assistance  be  the  way  of  Finn&#34;'  subscriptions.  (Mar,  hear.)  The  motion  was  passed  by  acclamation.  The  proceedings  then  terminated.  SPORTING  INTELLIGENCE.  TATTERSALL'S.7—.YEsTERDAY  EVENING  DERBY.  7to  1  agst  Wentworth  (taken)  9  ...  1  ...  Fly-by-Night  (taken)  13  ...  1  ...  Yellow  Jack  (taken)  4  .  TWO  THOUSAND  GUINEAS.  7to  2  agst  Fly-by-Night  (taken).  4  ...  1  ...  Yellow  Jack  (taken)  5  ...  1  ..•  Polmoodie  (off.)  CHESTER  CUP.  1000  to  50  agst  Coroner  (off.)  1000  ..  30  ...  Fatalist  (taken)  100  2  0  ...  30  ...  Yorkshi  re  Grey  off.,  take  40  to  15  ...  1  Courtenay  (tak  en  )  )  40  ...  1  ...  Quince  (taken)  1000  ...  20  ...  Redan  (taken)  1000  ...  10  •..  Lord  Derwentwater  (taken)  1000  ...  10  ...  Scythian  (taken)  30  ..  I  ...  Imogino  (taken)  1000  ...  30  ...  Epaminondas  (taken)  1000  ...  20  ...  Yellow  Jack  (taken)  1000  ...  20  ..•  Hungerford  (taken)  500  ...  25  ...  Quince  and  Mishap  coupled  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE.  LIVERPOOL,  Jestuaror  22.  WIND  YESTERDAY  —Fast.  HIGH  WATER—Morn.,  II  44—Eveg,  12  o— STYLE=superscript  Heighl,  15  ft  8  i  ARRIVED.  Jan.  20.—Ada,  Arica—J.  G.  Coster,  Savan STYLE=superscript  na  — STYLE=superscript  United,  der  —N.  S.  del  Carm  en  ,  Bilboa—Wm,  Charles,  Taranta—Oswell,  p  Santan STYLE=superscript  rince  Edward  Island.  Jan.  21.—M  artha  Anna,  Pernambuco  —M  law  (e,s./F  Leghorn.  Jan.  20.—Cognat  e  Mimbelle,SAlLED  Constantinople—Madr  e  Millibar*  Malta.  Jan.  21 STYLE=superscript  .  —Ocean  Pearl,  and  Independence,  New  Orleans&#34;'  Margaret  (s.),  Havre—Marion,  Antigua—Eliza,  Genoa.  -----  -  OUTPORTS.  Queenstown,  Jan.  21.—Arrived—Bidford.  Syra—Robert  Whitwaye  Valparaiso—Star,  Callao—Duke  of  Bronte..aloulmein—Sabrina  Bristol.  Dublin,  Jan.  2 STYLE=superscript  1.—Arrived—Admiral  Graff,  Amsterdam  —Invoice,  Marseilles—Vasco  de  Gama,  Lisbon—Avon,  St,  Johns.—Sylph  London.  B.lfast,  Jan.  19.—Arrived—Phoenix,  Alexandria  —Wild  Rover,  Memel.  Jan.  20.—Sailed—lteddin,  Liverpool,  Greenock,  Jan.  21.—ArrivedJan.19.—Arrines,  Ca,cutta—Troni,a Ca,cutta—Troni,a-door,  door, Ca,cutta—Troni,a-door,  and  Amelia  Mary—both  from  Alexandria;  Fleetwood,  Callao.  Jan.  20.—Star  of  the  East,  Alexandria.  Sailed  Jan,  19.—Wolfe'5  Cave,  Savanna—Maria.  Jamai  a.  Jan.  20.—Agnes  Sophia,  Maps Mapslan.  lan. Mapslan.  21.—James  Russell,  Bombay.  Mumbles.—Arrived—Beethoven,  Copp,  from  Coquimbo,  London.—Pudsey  Dawson,  from  Foo.  shoo-Foo.  Portland,  Jan.  18.—Arrived  —Six  Brothers,  Liverpool.  MARITIME  EXTRACTS.  Liverpool,  Jan.  21.—The  Bloomer,  for  Havanna,  loaded  aneirearti  for  sea  in  the  Wapping  Basin,  has  20  boilers  on  deck,  which,  in  the  o  inion  of  the  surveyor,  renders  the  vessel  unsafe  at  this  period  of  the  year.—The  Chebucto,  Wallace,  from  Halifax  for  this  port,  was  abandoned  at  sea,  having  previously  cut  away  her  masts  in  a  hcavr  gale.  Crew  saved  by  the  Jno.  Cottle,  armived  here.  Falmouth,  Jan.  20.—The  Mary  Green,  of  New  York,  from  Ns-er.  pool  to  Philadelphia,  was  abandoned  in  a  sinking  state  In  lat.  31  l  e  el  oors  saved  it..o.  e  b  s  at  y  rp  t  ut  h  a  e  kn  S  o  a  an  e  nA  e  d  u  r  oe  .  ,aved._[  me  w  Bank,  ISth  i  n  .t.  m.  T  sioh STYLE=superscript  l  i STYLE=superscript  i  il STYLE=superscript  e  p3u STYLE=superscript  H  lab7n STYLE=superscript  o  liW STYLE=superscript  r  dt STYLE=superscript  i  ' STYLE=superscript  x  ': STYLE=superscript  o  aj' STYLE=superscript  n  rajg STYLE=superscript  ,  nao STYLE=superscript  S  n' STYLE=superscript  t  a2, STYLE=superscript  o  r6l STYLE=superscript  r  e STYLE=superscript  e  — STYLE=superscript  r  t STYLE=superscript  ,  oTCt STYLE=superscript  s  ah STYLE=superscript  a  r STYLE=superscript  iled  from  Liverpool  for  New  Orleans,  Jan.  17.1'  Sydney,  Oct.  S.—The  remains  of  a  tent,  ship's  stores,  Sze.,  were  found  on  Rabbit  Island,  Sept.  10;  among  them  was  a  bag  marked  and  a  paper  with  an  Inventory  of  stores  of  the  schooner  Duke  of  Wellington,  at  Liverpool,  1853,  and  account  books  of  sarne  vessel.  SPOKEN.  Surgeon,  from  Calcutta  to  Liverpool,  in  lat.  4  N.,  lon.  6  _9.  May  (brip  !  ),  hence  to  Buenos  Ayres,  in  lat.  10  N.,  lon  9 STYLE=superscript  .21  Dec.  I  i.-1-lelen  Ileilgers,  hence  to  Calcutta,  in  lat.  5  N..  lon,  2  4 STYLE=superscript  W.,  Dec.  16  —Advance,  from  Madras  to  Liverpool,  in  lat.  7  N.,  lon  , STYLE=superscript  89  E.,  Oct.  17.—Prompt,  from  Calcutta  to  Liverpool,  in  lat.  28  8..  lon.  47  E.—Aden,  trom  Shanghae  for  Liverpool,  in  lat.  6  N.,  lo  n  ,  W.,  Dec.  6.  IG  FOREIGN  WORTS.  Prophete,  Governor  de  Vriere,  Eclipse,  .1.  Melanie,  and  Union-  - STYLE=superscript  '  all  hence  at  Ostend.  Nancy,  hence  at  G  eno  a.  Ennerdale,  henc  e  at  st.  Helena.  Aden,  from  Shanghae  at  St.  Helena,  an  d  sailed,  Dec.  3,  for  Liverpool.  all  i  Two  Brothers,  hence  at  Galvest  on.  North  America,  hence  off  M  o  bil  e,  Vulcan  (s.l,  hence  at  Marseilles,  ~.  '  '  ~P STYLE=superscript  ersian,  hence  at  Saloni  ca  ,  Fr  ia  a  n  n  e  k  e  fo  a  r  t  t  G  (  i  .  b  s.  ra  )  ra  ß  r  Egyptian  (s.s.),  hence  9.1  Saloniea,  and  l  e  ft  f  or  C  onstantinop  l  e/  Dec.  27.  Delta  (e,  s.),  St  one  ;  Factor,  Ann,  Lucy  A.  Morrison,  and  Templar  l  hence  at  H  avre,  l,.elize,  Cluny;  Orontes  (  s.  )  ,  and  Corinthian--  Widow,  hence  at  Scilly.  Alphard,  hence  at  Helvoet.  BIRTHS.  On  the  1 STYLE=superscript  9tb  instant,  at  Formby,  Mrs.  Henry  Carter,  of  a  desghter'  On  the  `3oth  instant,  the  wife  of  Donald  Currie,  }sq.,  of  Davrer  of  a  daughter.  MARRIAGE.  On  the  21st  instant,  at  Bebington  Church,  E.  W.  Milne,  Esq.,  Ellen  Abbinett,  eldest  daughter  of  the  late  John  Rawlinson  sq  '  of  Cartmel.  DEATH.  On  the  20th  instant,  in  Huskittson-street,  of  consumption,  ag  ed STYLE=superscript  25,  Jane,  relict  of  the  late  John  Grant,  Esq.,  late  of  St.  Vincent,  Births,  Marriages,  and  Deaths,  are  only  Inserted  when  sent  to  our  Office  duly  authenticated.  c  c  /  Printed  and  Publi  s  h  e  d  b  y  CHARLES  WILLAIER,  of  2],  0.•  0  etreet,  at  his  Ge  nera  l  P  r  i  nting  and  Stationery  EstablittineP  9 STYLE=superscript  ,-- STYLE=superscript  South.Jol2g-.atreet,  Liverpool,  TVEDAYI  JANVART  :At  1844 STYLE=superscript  f  .1"
