text
"so  much'  brongt  /Imam  Am  I•a  Christian  man?  do  I  possess  any  intia intiaewe  ewe intiaewe  in  the  world  ?  and  am  I  able  to  do  anything  for  the  pnrmse  of  preventing  those  unmitigated  evils  (Hear,  creature  im,  an  beai.)  The  only  war,  sir,  I  can  dell  with  the  question  is  just  to  trace  the  career  of  an  individual  criminal.  Fre Frequently  quently Frequently  he  is  born  of  parents  who  are  themselves  the  victims  of  intemperance  and  of  vice.  In  many  cases  his  very  parents  are  unknown  to  him.  He  has  never  known  the  blessing  of  a  mother's  smile.  Tie  has  never  felt  the  soft  and  sweet  endearments,  to  which  the  Rector  h  as  a  ll  u  d  e  d,  of  domestic  life.  Clothed  in  rags,  in  some  filthy  court,  vveltring  in'squalor,  enduring  the  crsvings  of  hunger  and  the  winds  of  winter—no  eye  has  pitied  his  infantile  suf sufferings,  ferings, sufferings,  no  voice  has  warned  him,  no  hand  has  guided  him,,  there  has  been  none  to  bless  him.  Hie  habits  have  been  those  of  the  animal.  His  language,  caught  from  the  intercourse  amidst  which  he  has  been  living,  has  been  b  T  ich.emY—his  very  prayers  have  been  oaths  and  curses.  s  little  creature,  sir,  infests  our  markets,  our  dock  quays,  and  our  public  thoroughfares,  that  he  may  pick  up  garbage  with  whic  h  to  allay  the'  pangs  of  hunger.  He  begins  bys  tanding  petty  larceny  .  He  robs  under  a  s  in  one  of  our  markets.  Last  of  all  he  picks  a  pocket,  and  emboldened  by  success  and  the  glittering  prize  which  would  enable  hire  to  allay  his  hunger,  enable  him  to  possess  animal  enjoyments  and  gratifications,  he  goes  on  pursuing  his  course  from  little  to  more,  until  at  last  he  is  detected  and  sent  before  a  magistrate.  Now.  sir,  is  the  critical  period  of  the  young  criminal's  life.  The  case  is  proved  and  he  is  sent  to  gaol.  Now  commences  his  edu education.  cation. education.  He  is  taught  there  by  the  experience  of  older  thieves  how  he  may  elude  suspicion  and  rob  so  that  he  shall  escape  detection,  and  for  a  few  years  he  pursues  his  course.  At  an  early  age,  sir,  he  almost  invariably  forms  an  illicit  connection  with  some  of  those  abandoned  females  to  whom  Mr.  Mansfield  so  feelingly  alluded,  and  so  he  goes  on,  until  his  final  transportation  from  this  country,  the  subject  of  continual  prosecutions,  living  half  his  time  in  our  gaols,  inflicting  upon  us  the  cost  of  clothing  him  and  feeding  him,  until,  after  he  bas  cost  us  some  2001  or  3001,  he  is  finally  sent  away  to  a  penal  settlement—a  what  ?  An  intellectual  and  living  being,  useless  to  his  country,  and  his  life  a:burthen  to  himself.  This  is  the  career  of  many  of  our  criminals.  He  has  been  the  victim  of  circumstances.  Did  seelety  expee'  it  would  find  angels,  air,  among  children  who  have  had  the  education  of  devils  ?  Now,  sir,  I  would  ask  if  that  ne neglected  glected neglected  creature  had  been  transferred  to  an  educational  reformatory,  while  young,  while  his  mind  was  compara comparatively  tively comparatively  untainted,  where  he  would  have  had  physical,  men mental,  tal, mental,  and  religious  teaching,  and  would  have  acquired  a  knowledge  of  moral  obligation,  where  he  would  have  been  separated  from  the  companionship  of  prostitutes  and  thieves,  and  whence,  after  having  been  thus  trained,  he  would  have  been  sent  to  some  honest  occupation,  how  lot  have  been  his  lot  are  constantly  Jefore  the  magistrates  in  the  court,  boys  Of  such  - STYLE=superscript  di  - STYLE=superscript  minitive  stature,  that  their  heads  scarcely  reach  above  the  table;  and  nothing  can  give  one  more  anxiety  and  pain  than  to  know  what  to  do  with  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  Send  Hum  to  gaol,  and  you  send  them  to  a  school  where  they  will  be  educated  in  crime.  Discharge  them,  and  you  send  them  back  to  the  society  from  whence  they  appeal,  and  in  a  few  weeks  hunger  drives  them  aga  th.ft,  and  they  are  again  brought  before  the  magic..  Now,  sir,  what  are  we  to  do  ?  The  question  must  be  in inqnired  qnired inqnired  into,  are  we  to  go  on  building  gaols  for  ever?  In  this  reds  of  in  , STYLE=superscript  '  up  to  be  criminals,  and  if  we  do  not  do  something  with  them,  depend  upon  it  that  we  shall  have  to  maintain  and  feed  them,  and,  eventually,  transport  them.  ((Tear,  hear.)  We  have  just  expended  an  amount  of  160,000/  or  170,000/,  to  build  •Che  new  gaol  at  Walton,  to  accommodate  1,000  criminals,  and  it  is  almost  full.  If  the  pre  ient  state  of  things  goes  on  for  a  much  longer  time,  if  we  do  nothing  to  prevent  crime,  rather  than  to  punish  it.  in  a  very  few  years  more,  we  shall  have  to  spend  160,0001  more.  - STYLE=superscript  Far  better  would  it  be  to  build  a  reformatory,  and  to  do  some something  thing something  to  prevent  crime,  rather  than  attempt  to  crush  it  (Hear  hear.)  Ido  not  wish  it  to  go  forth  to  th  public.  that  even  with  these  reformatories  and  their  training,  we  can  expect  to  have  our  gaols  empty.  No,  sir,  unfortu unfortunately  nately unfortunately  not—intoxication  has  its  victims.  I  happened  to  be  the  magistrate  upon  the  day  to  which  the  Rector  referred.  There  were  205  cases  ;  I  counted  them,  sir,  and  141  of  these  cases  were  cases  of  drunkenness  and  disorderly  conduct  arising  from  it,  and  the  rem7indcr,  or  at  least  the  majority  of  them,  crimes  committed  under  the  influence  of  drink,  or  in  consequence  of  it.  Nor.  sir,  will  education  atone  prevent  our  gaols  from  being  filled.  We  have  seen  educated  men,  nay,  sir,  we  have  seen  those  who  moved  in  the  position  of  gentlemen,  stand  at  the  bar  as  well  as  the  poor  offscourings  of  the  earth,  whom  we  desire  to  protect.  The  extravagant  man  who  lives  beyond  his  means,  the  idle  and  dissolute  man,  who  will  steal  rather  than  work,—prostitution,  intemperance,  rage.—  all  these  have  their  victims,  and  all  help  to  fill  our  gods.  (Hear.)  But  now,  sir,  having  occupied  you  so  long,  pardon  me.for  one  moment  more.  I  assert  if  we  can  nip  crime  in  the  bud,  if  we  can  snatch  away  the  juvenile  wretch  from  his  companions  in  vice,  and  teach  him  the  way  of  industry,  and  further,  if  we  can  fit  him  to  be  a  seaman,  as  this  institution  is  calculated  to  do,  and  thus  give  what  the  country  .  wants—for  we  shall  want  more  seamen  to  man  our  ships,  according  as  the  colonies  are  increasing,  and  trade  improving,  when  we  get  this  war  at  an  end—l  say  then,  that  if  we  put  the  juvenile  criminal  in  the  way  of  getting  an  industrious  living  and  teach  him  honesty,  we  should  be  doing  mach  to  IPssen  the  greatest  evils  which  afflict  society.  (Hear,  hear.)  Sir,  I  would  apologise  to  the  gentlemen  present  for  making  these  remarks,  but  I  see  gentlemen  here  who  are  sending  forth  what  we  say  to  the  community,  and  we  wish  the  public  mind  to  be  agitated  upon  this  question,  in  order  that  the  public  may  think  about  the  question  before  they  give  us  their  aid.  I  ask  why  cannot  we  do  in  the  moral  what  is  done  in  the  physical  world  ?  The  reason  is  because  there  is  more  energy  about  things  physical  than  there  is  in  the  general  heart  for  things  moral.  The  most  polished  stone  which  decorates  the  finest  edifice  was  once  unhewn,  and  rough  in  the  quarry.  The  mighty  engine  which  propels  the  steamer  against  the  winds  and  tides,  and  carries  across  the  Atlantic's  wave,  with  all  its  wonderful  cranks,  and  all  its  magnificent  motions.  What  was  it  once  ?  Moving  as  it  does  in  powerful  sublimity,  it  was  once,  sir,  a  mass  of  iron-stone  in  the  quarry,  until  it  was  smelted  in  the  fur furnace,  nace, furnace,  and  reduced  by  the  skill  and  determination  of  the  artizan  to  be  the  beautiful  engine  which  we  all  so  much  admire.  (Hear,  hear  )  Chemist?v,  too,  can  extract  fragrance  even  from  corruption,  and  beat  from  the  coldest  substances.  Every  work  of  art  we  see  was  at  one  time  a  rough  and  unshapen  mass,.until  brought  into  form  and  made  beautiful  by  the  skill  of  the  artizan.  Let  us  recollect,  Mr.  Mayor,  that  the  material  which  we  have  to  work  upon  possesses  mind,  intellig  ence  humanity,  and  an  immortal  soul.  The  meanest  of  the  little  creatures  who  stands  at  the  bar  of  justice—the  poorest  little  ragged  wretch  we  see  about  the  streets,  pining  with  hunger,  and  clothed  in  rags,  is  an  immortal  creature  like  ourselves,  and  if  properly  .  taken  care  of,  if  he  had  the  advantages  we  have  possessed,  if  he  had  had  a  father  to  labour  for  him,  and  a  mother's  care  to  and  to  brin  Etitution  ttend  to  him,  he  m  attain  a  position  even  as  high  1  you  at  Int  so  wcrthily  fill  :heeis.)  I  say  it  U,  there-  fore,  our  duty  to  do  something  for  these  poor  creatnreS,  to  remove  them  from  the  stigma  and  the  contempt  of  the  gaol,  and  teach  them  to  do  their  duty  both  to  God  and  to  man.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  cheers.)  Al  7 STYLE=superscript  l  should  give  them  the  means  of  earning  their  bread,  and  direct  them  in  the  path  of  virtue,  honesty,  and  usefulness,  and  then  we  shall  have  the  gratification  of  knowing  that  we  have  done  our  duty,  and  we  may  fairly  expect  the  blessing  of  God  upon  our  exertions.  (Hear,  hear,  and  applause.)  Before  sitting  down,  only  one  single  word.  It  is  a  fact  painful  to  reflect  upon,  and  not  creditable  to  the  town  of  Liverpool,  that  the  subscriptions  to  the  public  institutions  can  barely  count  2,200  persons,  in  a  population  of  nearly  half  a  million.  Sir,  there  is  an  amazing  amount  of  wealth  in  this  town,  which  does  not  contribute  anything  to  our  public  institutions  whatever,  and  the  pressure  has,  therefore,  become  great  upon  the  few  who  do  contribute.  If  people  who  now  possess  the  means  would  only  know  the  luxury  of  doing  good!—if  they  would  only  depend  a  little  lesss  upon  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  and  look  at  the  state  of  society  in  which  we  are  existing  !—a  state  of  society  which,  if  something  is  not  done  for  the  purpose  of  amending  it,  depend  upon  it  will,  at  some  distant  period,  in  the  judgment  of  God,  bring  an  explosion  upon  the  country  which  will  make  us  regret  that  we  did  not  'moue-  snatch  away  some  of  our  fellow  men  from  the  degraded  position  they  are  sunk  in  at  present,  and  lift  them  up  to  the  lofty  influences  of  citizenship,  manhood,  and  Christianity.  (.Applause.)  Yes,  let  rs  do  this,  and  do  it  in  the  spirit  of  Him  who  went  about  doing  good,  and  who  I  was  in  prison,  and  ye  visited  me  and,  Inasmuch  as  you  have  done  this  to  the  least  of  my  disciples,  you  have  done  it  'unto  (Applause.)  Sir,  most  cordially  do  I  second  the  resolution  proposed  by  Mr.  Mansfield.  (Loud  applause)  •  .  The  Rev.  Mr.  Bishop  supported  the  resolution,  and  in  doing  so  begged  to  be  allowed  to  take  exception  to  an  expression  used  by  the  preceding  speakers  in  calling  the  in.titution  an  experiment.  It  was  not  an  experiment.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  system  of  reformatory  institutions  had  been  tested  under  various  circumstances  not  only  on  the  Continent  in  those  schools  of  which  they  heard  so  much  within  the  last  few  years,  but  also  tested  in  a  country  more  closely  resembling  England—he  meant  the  United  States.  More  than  thirty  years  az°  a  reformatory  on  a  large  scale  was  established  in  New  York,  a  city  very  like  Liverpool  in  the  cbaracter  of  its  population  and  condition  of  trade.  He  visited  that  institution  in  1852,  and  he  found  there  about  400  boys  and  100  girls  in  separate  but  contiguous  buildings.  Every  thing  he  saw  in  connection  with  it  proved  the  soundness  of  the  system,  and  the  results  had  been  equally  satisfactory.  (Hear,  hear.)  Since  the  establishment  of  the  institution  there  had  gone  out  from  it  upwards  of  six  thou thousand  sand thousand  young  people—(hear,  hear)—and  he  had  been  informed  by  the  governor  of  it  that  about  three-fourths  of  that  num number  ber number  had  been  knowr  to  have  been  permanently  reclaimed.  (Hear,  hear.)  That,  the  reverend  gentleman  declared,  was  an  all-sufficient  proof  of  the  soundness  of  the  system,  and  he  contended  that  by  a  like  management  the  same  result  might  be  produced  in  Liverpool.  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  J.  C.  Ewart,  M.P.,  in  moving  the  appointment  of  the  committee,  said  that  after  the  very  able  speeches  they  had  heard,  he  would  not  occupy  their  time  by  any  lengthened  observations.  In  such  a  port  as  Liverpool  the  temptations  to  juvenile  crime  were  very  great.  The  merest  children  were  sent  down  by  their  parents  to  the  docks  to  steal  what  they  oould  lay  their  hands  on,  and  when  brought  un  at  the  police  courts,  the  great  difficulty  which  the  magistrates  experienc.d  was  in  determining  wbst  to  do  with  them.  The  object  of  all  punishment  was  the  prevention  of  crime—(Hear,  hear)—and  if  the  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  sent  them  to  jail  they  sent  them  only  where  they  would  be  further  contaminated,  and  from  which  they  would  come  out  worse  than  when  they  had  entered.  They  were  now  going.  to  try  another  experiment,  and  he  hoped  that  it  would  be  successful.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  Liverpool  they  had  peculiar  advantages  to  aid  them  in  making  the  experiment.  They  would  have  opportunities  of  sending  tha  boys  to  sea,  and  so  find  employment  for STYLE=superscript  them,  and  by  that  means  he  trusted  they  would  be  able  to  prevent  the  juvenile  delinquencies  which,  unfortunately,  to  so  great  an  extent  prevailed  in  Liverpool.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  conclu conclusion  sion conclusion  the  hon.  gentleman  moved  shat  the  following  gentlemen  constitute  the  committee  :—Rev.  Rector  Campbell,  3.  S.  Mansfield,  Esq.;  W.  Rathbone,  Esq.  ;  G.  Holt,  Esq.  ;  H.  Ban Banner,  ner, Banner,  Esq.  ;  J.  A.  Tobin,  Esq.;  John  Wybergb,  jun.,  Esq.  ;  Lan  Samuel  gton  ,  lI  E  o  lsncit.  ~  e, STYLE=superscript  Hugh  H  .  -,oSranmblyte,  Esq.  •,  John  North,  Esq.  ;  1  Martin,  Esq.  ;  Charles  Wm.  Mann,  Esq.;  Henry  Romilly,  Esq.;  S.  it.  Graves,  Esq.  ;  John  Clint,  Esq.  ;  John  Aikin,  Esq.  ;  Rev.  F.  Bishop,  Captain  Schomberg,  R.N.I  Samuel STYLE=superscript  Rathbone,  El.  ;  J.  Wakefield  Cropper,  Esq.  ;  J.  P.  Palmer,  Esq.  ;  3.  Woodruff,  Esq.  T.  D.  Anderson,  Esq.,  Treasurer.  John  Cropper,  Esq  ,  James  R.  Brougham,  Secretaries.  Mr.  J.  A.  Tobin  seconded  the  resolution.  He  said  that  had  it  not  been  for  the  remarks  of  Mr.  Holme  and  the  pre preceding  ceding preceding  speakers,  showing  how  much  the  public  were  in  iglu&gt;:  reference  to  r STYLE=superscript  fustitutions  of  this  kind,  he  would  not  think  it  necessary  to  say  a  word  in  seconding  the  resolu resolution,  tion, resolution,  but  u  it  seemed  desirable  that  the  question  should  be  fully  discussed,  in  order  that  it  might  be  better  understood,  he  would,  with  their  permission,  trouble  them  with  a  few  ohser,vations.  Ilear,:hear.)  When  the  late  Mr.  Rushton  lived  amongst  them  the  subjeettof  a  reformatory  institution  was  discussed,  but  it  was  found  that  the  law  was  so  defec defec!live  !live defec!live  that  it  was  thought  desirable,  before  anything  was  done  In  it,  that  the  subject  should  ba  brought  under  the  notice  of  the  legislature,  in  order  that  a  remedy  for  those  defects  might  be  provided,  In  1854.  Lord  ealmerston  brought  in  a  bill  on  the:subject  providing  a  remedy  for  many  of  the  existing  defects,  but  though  from  a  variety  of  circumstances  the  establishment  of  a  reformatory  institution  in  the  town  had  to  be  kept  in  abeyance,  it  was  never  'yet  lost  sight  of,  until  it  was  brought  before  them  in  its  present  form.  (Hear  hear.)  There  were  one  or  two  points  which  it  was  desira desirable  ble desirable  they  should  bear  in  mind,  when  as  magistrates  they  were  called  upon  to  punish  poor  children.  They  should  ascertain  whether  society  had  performed  its  duty  towards  them,  and  and  they  should  -  to  discriminate  far  as  possible,  snow,  sir,  I  endeavour,  .8  Tea  those  who  wilfully  com comthose  those comthose  who  were  forced  to  it.  treat  in  the  same  way  those  heir  parents  to  steal,  the  wretched  mitted  crime,  Surely  it  would  be  wrong  children  who  had  ben  sent  out  I  home  their  nefarious  ryairs,  an  and  degraded  parents  themselves,  who  placed  their  offspring  in  the  way  of  pollution  and  c-ime  ?  (Bear,  hear.)  They  should  also  ascertain  whether  the  present  system  of  reforma reformatory  tory reformatory  training  had  been  effective  where  it  had  been  else elsewhere  where elsewhere  tried,  and  thus  be  enabled  to  form  an  idea  of  the  probabilities  of  its  success  amongst  themselves.  In  1850,  a  special  committee  was  appointed  by  the  National  Assembly  of.  France  to  inquire  into  the  operations  of  the  system  in  that  institution  at  Mettray,  which  'formed  the  basis  of  al-  most  all  the  institutions  of  the  kind,  in  this  and  other  countries.  The  committee  reported  entirely  in  its  favour,  and  that  the  problem  of  juvenile  reformation  by  labour,  with  strict  discipline,  combined  with  kindness,  had  been  completely  . STYLE=superscript  and  satisfactorily  solved.  (Hear,  and  cheers.)  It  was  important  that  they  should  bear  in  mind  some  facts  in  connection  with  the  subject.  In  France,  in  1830,  the  recommittals  to  prison  of  juvenile  offenders  was  about  l  9  per  cent.  In  1843  it  increased  to  something  like  39  per  cent.,  and  even  in  some  of  the  large  towns  to  so  much  as  50  per  cent.  The  authorities,  upon  that  state  of  facts.  took  500  of  the  juvenile  prisoners  and  sent  them  to  the  in int  t int  Mettray..  And  what  was  the  result  ?  That  the  recommittals  subsequently  Edid  not  exceed  five  per  cent.  (Hear.)  That  simple  fact  would  bear  out  the  argument  urged  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Bishop,  when  he  said  that,  out  of  the  13,G00  children  in  Liverpool,  a  very  large  proportion,  if  not  all,  might  be  reformed.  As  regarded  the  new  law,  it  had  the  great  advantage  that,  though  the  children  might  be  removed  from  their  parents,  the  latter  would  still  - STYLE=superscript  be  called  on  to  provide  for  their  maintenance.  He  did  not  think  it  necessary  to  go  any  further  into  details  on  the  subject.  It  had  been  fully  discussed,  and  their  duty,  now,  was  to  urge  on  the  community  at  large  to  come  forward  liberally  with  their  subscriptions  in  support  of  the  institu institution,—(Hear,  tion,—(Hear, institution,—(Hear,  hear)—and,  if  generous  aid  were  afforded,  it  would  not  be  from  want  of  zeal  on  the  part  of  the  com committee,  mittee, committee,  if  the  , STYLE=superscript  mass  of  juvenile  crime  in  Liverpool  was  not  soon  diminished  :  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  W.  Rathbone  sepported  the  resolution.  He  adduced  the  working  men  of  Dundee  supporting,  the  ragged  school  of  that  town,  as  a  proof  that  the  poor  were  ready  to  aid  in  every  work  for  the  advantage  of  society,  and  he  hoped  that,  by  the  results  which  would  flow  from  reforma reformatory  tory reformatory  institutions,  and  from  the  labours  of  the  society  for  erecting  suitable  houses  for  the  working  class,  the  saying  of  Charles  Lamb's  would  be  reversed,  and  the  home  of  the  poor  man  be  no  longer  a  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Rev.  Mr.  Carter,  in  supporting  the  resolution,  urged  that  some  steps  should  be  also  taken  to  stop  the  supply,  which  would  otherwise  go  to  swell  the  existing  mass  of  juvenile  crime,  and  that  the  paternal  responsibility  should  be  stringently  enfoned.  The  principle  was  recognised  by  the  act,  and  whenever  they  took  the  child  from  the  parent,  because  of  his  neglect,  and  of  his  suffering  it  to  be  brought  up  in  wicked  courses,  they  should  not  relieve  him  of  the  responsibility  to  pay  for  its  mainteuance.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  one  of  the  best  means  to  cut  off  the  supply  to  the  'ranks  of  juvenile  criminals,  to  make  the  parent  suffer  in  his  pocket,  as  the  consequences  of  his  neglect  to  his  child  ;  and  as  this  responsibility  of  the  parent,  in  duch  cases,  was  becoming  generally  known,  he  could  observe  a  shaking  among  the  leaves—a  stir  among  the  criminal  population,  at  the  serious  aspect  which  the  matter  was  assuming.  They  did  not  care  much  about  their  children  being  in  gaol,  but  when  they  found  that  they  would  have  to  pay  for  them,  they  were  seriously  alarmed.  (Hear,  hear.)  At  that  very  morning,  at  an  early  hour,  a  father,  whose  son  was  now  in  the  gaol,  and  who  was  about  to  be  sent  to  the  Refoimatory,  came  to  him  (Rev.  Mr.  Carter)  and  en endeavoured  deavoured endeavoured  to  show  that  he  should  not  be  made  to  pay  for  his  son's  support.  The  man  had  been  himself  discharged  from  gaol  in  Ootober,  after  undergoing  a  term  of  imprison imprisonment,  ment, imprisonment,  for  an  assault  on  his  step-child,  and  he  had  been  sent  there  on  the  complaint  of  his  wife,  who  was  herself  now  suffering  two  months'  imprisonment,  for  having_  sent  her  child  to  steal  clothes  off  a  line.  Mr.  Holme  had  drawn  a  touching  and  feeling  picture  of  the  progress  of  the  juvenile  criminal,  and  he  (Mr.  Carter)  could  bear  his  testimony  that  it  was  not  in  the  slightest  exaggerated.  He  would  narrate  an  instance—he  would  take  the  unhappy  perpetrator  of  the  Wolfe-street  murder.  He  had  been  nineteen  times  in  gaol,  and  the  murdered  woman  twenty-six  tides.  and  both  of  them  had  commenced  their  career  of  crime  as  juveniles.  If  they  had  been  taken  to  a  reformatory  before  they  had  become  hardened  in  crime,  their  fate  would  undoubtedly  have  been  different.  From  the  character  of  the  murdered  woman's  mind,  he  was  convinced  she  might  have  easily  been  reformed  when  young,  and  that  chance  not  having  been  given  her,  she  had  been  sent  before  her  time,  unhonsled,  unanointed,  unannealed,  and  with  all  her  imperfections  on  her  before  her  God,  while  the  murderer  awaited  his  doom,  and  might  have  to  expiate  his  crime  on  the  scaffold.  The  rev.  gentleman  then  pointed  out  that  great  temptation  to  theft  was  held  out  to  young  children  in  the  manner  in  the  manner  in  which  goods  were  exposed  at  shop  doors  and  in  the  docks,  and  observed  that  this  practice,  because  in  many  cases  tempting  to  evil,  should  be  suppressed.  He  also  urged  that  the  pre present  sent present  system  of  gaol  discipline  might  be  improved,  and  pain painfully  fully painfully  illustrated  the  evils  of  inten.perancc  in  the  lamentable  case  of  the  starvation  of  the  Aspinall  children  by  their  wretched  mother.  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  John  Cropper,  in  moving  that  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  be  given  to  the  Mayor,  oserved  that  they  had  got  a  considerable  number  of  donations,  but  that  the  support  of  the  institution  must  mainly  depend  on  annual  subscriptions.  They  should  supply  the  committee  with  £2,000  a  year  at  least  before  the  efficiency  of  the  institution  could  be  devel developed  oped developed  ;  and  when  they  looked  at  the  princely  palace  erected  ou  Brownlow-hill  for  their  paupers,  at  a  cost  of  £105,000,  surely  it  was  not  a  great  thing  to  ask  from  the  community  of  Liverpool  so  small  a  sum  as  £2,000,  to  do  so  much  good,  and  effect  such  great  services  to  society  as  he  was  satisfied  would  flow  from  the  work  they  had  in  hand.  (Hear,  heap.)  Mr.  T.  D.  Anderson  seconded  the  motion.  In  doing  so  he  said  that  as  chairman  of  the  Executive  Committee  perhaps  he  might  be  allowed  to  say  a  word  in  explanation  on  the  apparent  delay  in  establishing  the  reformatory.  He  could  assure  them  that  there  had  been  no  unnecessary  delay,  and  that  the  committee  had  done  all  in  their  power  to  have  it  established  sooner, STYLE=superscript  but  owing  to  the  changes  in  the  government  at  the  commencement  of  last  year,  the  committee  had  not  hnotadbeen  put  in  poss  ess  i  on  o  f  th  e  Akb  ar  un  til  June  last.  still  a  difficulty  in  getting  land,  but  they  hoped  that  a  nobleman,  who  had  large  property  in  the  neighbour neighbourhood,  hood, neighbourhood,  would  either  give  or  lease  them  a  piece  of  land  suited  for  the  purpose.  They  had  received  application  within  the  last  month  from  the  magistrates  of  Warrington  to  know  if  t  h  e  committee  would  take  some  of  their  juvenile  criminals  on  their  bearing  a  proportion  of  the  expenses  of  the  institu institution,  tion, institution,  but  if  any  such  applications  were  entertained,  the  committee  would  take  care  that  they  did  not  deprive  them themselves  selves themselves  of  the  power  of  taking  in  the  children  for  whom  the  institution  had  been  established.  (Hear,  hear.)  In  con conclusion  clusion conclusion  Mr.  Anderson  stated  that  ma  boys  had  been  sent  from  the  reformatory  at  Hardwike  to  serve  the  purpose  of  the  mare  easily  leading  the  boys  on  board  the  Akbar  to  order  and  obedience.  The  motion  was  unanimously  adopted.  The  meeting  then  separated.  EASTERN  COUNTIES  RAILWAY.  ♦  The  adjourned  meeting  of  the  shareholders  of  this  company  took  place  yesterday  at  12  o'clook,  at  the  London  Tivern,  for  the  purpose  of  receiving  the  report  of  the  scrutineers  of  the  poll  on  Mr.  Goodson's  amendment  to  dissolve  the  Committee  of  Investigation;  the  effect  of  which  was  to  reinstate  Mr.  Waddington  as  chairman  of  the  company,  with  the  full  confi confidence  dence confidence  of  the  shareholders.  The  meeting  was  not  so  numerous  as  on  former  occasions,  the  room  not  being  more  than  half  filled.  Mr.  Waddington  took  the  chair  shortly  after  twelve  o'clock,  and  was  received  with  immense  cheers  and  mingled  hisses  and  groans.  The  Chairman  then  rose  and  said  he  had  received  a  letter  from  Sir  Charles  Morgan  and  Mr.  Whetham,  the  scrutineers,  who  reported  the  following  as  the  result  of  the  poll  :  For  Mr.  (Godson's  Amendment.  Personal  5  votes  ...  12  1,17  L  2  7  4  7:  Proxies  8  3  , STYLE=superscript  8  1  )  (  0  Vo:  ,  es  147:011141  -  -  712  1,452,220  Votes  21,125  Against  the  Amendment.  Personal  votes  508  £695,280  Votes  11,710  Proxies  ...  ,  175  231,500  7  ,  3,994  927,480  Votes  16,704  M  a  jority  for  the  Amendment.  Proprietore,  Stock  Votes  29  524,740  5,421  Mr.  Buller,  amidst  much  confusion  and  laughter,  said  the  majority  of  the  proxies  in  favour  of  Mr.  Waddington  were  those  of  ladies  and  ladies'  maids.  Mr.  Ball,  M.P.,  said  that  although  Mr.  Waddington  had  obtained  a  legal  triumph,  thi  committee  bad  obtained  a  moral  triumph.  If  the  case  had  been  before  a  committee  of  the  House  of  Commons,  he  felt  satisfied  that  the  result  would  have  been  not  only  the  ejection  of  Mr.  Waddington  from  his  seat  as  chairman  of  the  board,  but  from  his  seat  in  that  house.  A  long  and  animated  discussion  then  followed,  but  no  decision  was  come  to.  The  general  feeling  of  the  seemed  to  be  acquiescence  in  the  result  of  the  poll,  with  a  determination  to  try  the  question  again  at  the  February  meeting,  SELECT  VESTRY.-YESTERDAY,  e  The  usual•  fortnightly  meeting  was  held  yesterday  at  the  board-room,  in  the  public-offices,  Brownlow-hill,  the  Rev.  Rector  Campbell  presided.  Tke  other  vestrymen  present  were,  Messrs  Woodruff.  Shaw,  Crawford,  Bold,  Owen,  Denton  Mellor,  W.  Jones,  J.  Jones,  Hand,  Satchell,  Chesney  Bairstow,  Taylor,  Whitty,  Wensley,  Whitby,  Bradley,  Fair-,  hurst,  Brucker,  H.  Jones,  and  Luff.  The  minutes  of  the  last  meeting  were  read  and  conilrmed.  From  the  report  of  the  workhouse  committee  it,  appeared  that  during  the  past  week  87  males,  102  females,  and  18  children,  had  visited  the  vagrant  sheds;  and  from  the  report  of  the  master  of  the  workhouse,  it  appeared  that  there  were  2649  paupers  in  the  house,  including  708  cases  of  sickness,  48  fever  cases,  and  57  cases  of  itch.  In  tho  course  of  the  proceedings  of  this  committee  allusion  had  been  made  to  a  complaint  made  against  an  officer  connected,  as  was  supposed,  with  the  West  Derby  union,  for  alleged  improper  conduct,  stating  that  the  clerk  had  placed  the  facts  before  that  board,  a  which,  Mr.  Wensley,  who  is  a  member  of  the  West  Derby  board  of  guardians,  said  that  there  had  been  some  mistake  made  in  the  matter,  as  the  person  complained  of  had  nothing  what-  ev  .  er.to  do  with  that  board,  but  was  a  servant  of  the  overseer  for  the  na  sh  of  Tox  ,h-park  esney  contended  that  they  were  all  the  same  body  The  Clerk  said  that  was  not  the  case,  as  the  person  was  appointed,  as  Mr.  Cleaver  had  informed  him,  by  the  Toxteth Toxtethpark  park Toxtethpark  vestry,  which  was  quite  a  separate  body  from  the  West  Derby  guardians.  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Jones  said  they  were  an  unmanageable  body,  and  the  motion  had  better  be  passed  over.  The  proceedings  of  the  committee  were  then  confirmed.  as  were  also  those  of  the  Industrial  Schools,  Kirkdale,  committee.  The  proceedings  of  the  medical  relief  committee  were  then  read.  The  clerk  had  proceeded  as  far  as  that  portion  which  recommended  that  ar  application  should  he  made  to  the  poor•  law  board  to  sanction  the  increase  of  the  salaries  of  Messrs.  Ayton  and  Games  £5  per  annum,  as  recommended  by  the  vestry,  for  the  increased  duties  they  had  to  perform  at  the  stores,  when  Mr.  Bradley  said  he  thought  such  a  subject  had  no  right  to  bo  men  tinned.  called  upon  the  clerk  to  proceed  with  the  Mr.  Woodruff  reading  of  the  minutes  Mr:Bradley  said  the  vestry  would  see  the  impropriety  of  g  so  afterwards  Mr.  Woodruff  :  It  is  mentioned  in  the  minutes,  and  it  must  be  read.  Mr.  Chesney  :  It  appears  very  strange  that  when  Mr.  Bradley  opens  his  mouth  vll  the  other  persons  must  hold-their  tongues.  (Laughter.)  _  _  _  .  The  Clerk  then  proceeded  with  the  reading  of  the  minutes,  after  which  a  desultory  conversation  ensued,  in  the  course  of  which  it.was  elicited  that  the  vestry  had,  on  a  previous  occasion,  recommended  that  the  increase  should  be  made.  The  Chairman  :  Do  these  men  perform  any  additional  duties  ?  If  so,  they  have  a  right  to  be  paid.  Mr.  Bradley  :  They  do—such  duties  as  were  not  in  their  agreement  when  appointed  -In  this  report  the  chairman  informed  the  committee  that  he,  in  company  with  Mr.  Shaw  and  Ayton,  had  visited  Rain Rainhill  hill Rainhill  Asylum  for  the  purpose  of  ascertaining  the  probable  number  of  lunatics,  chargeable  to  Liverpool,  that  might  be  safely  removed  to  the  workhouse,  and  had  received  an  answer  that  there  were  many  who  might  be  removed,  of  which  a  careful  investigation  should  he  made,  and  a  list  prepared.  After  a  brief  conversation  on  that  subject,  in  the  course  of  which  a  vestryman  expressed  it  as  his  opinion  that  no  person  had  a  right  to  take  that  duty  upon  himself,  without  first  consulting  the  board,  the  entire  proceedings  were  con confirmed.  firmed. confirmed.  The  Finance  Committee  reported  to  the  board  that  they  had  considered  the  qualifications  of  the  several  candidates  for  the  situation  of  out-door  inspector;  they  had  first  reduced  the  number  to  eight,  but  bad  subsequently  reduced  the  number  to  three,  namely,  Messrs.  J.  W.  Hughes,  Charles  Robinson,  and  E.  Roberts,  one  of  whom  was  eligible  to  be  elected.  During  the  time  the  clerk  was  reading  the  proceedings  of  this  committee,  :there  was  such  confusion  in  the  board-room  that  the  chairman  had,  more  than  once,  to  call  the  select  vestry vestrymen  men vestrymen  to  order,  and  informed  them  that  it  was  impossible  that  they  could  known  what  was  going►  on  if  they  did  not  listen  to  the  minutes  of  the  committee,  which  really  were  of  the  utmost  importance.  Mr.  Whitty  wished  to  know  why  the  name  of  one  person,  who  had  at  a  former  meeting  of  the  vestry  been  all  but  elected  to  fill  the  place,  had  been,  by  the  committee,  excluded  from  the  list.  He  alluded  to  Mr.  Lamphier.  He  (Mr.  Whitty)  had  been  informed  that  that  person's  name  had  been  excluded  from  the  list  on  the  motion  of  one  of  the  members  of  that  committee,  because  he  looked  upon  him  as  having  disqualified  himself,  for  having,  after  being  attacked  by  Mr.  Btadley  at  the  board,  written  a  letter  to  the  newspapers  to  defend  himself.  If  such  was  the  case  he  should  move  that  his  name  be  added  to  the  list.  Mr.  Woodruff  said  to  some  extent  such  a  feeling  did  prevail.  There  were  eleven  of  the  committee  present,  out  of  whom  seven  thought  him  disqualified  for  that  reagon  Mr•  Jones  wished  to  know  why  it  was  that  72  out  of  75  candidates  had  been  laid  on  one  side.  Was  it  for  similar  reasons  ?  (Cries  of  No,  no.)  Mr.  Whitty  thought  that  it  was  not  a  reasonable  ground  to  disqualify  a  person.  Mr.  Lamphier  had  been  attacked  by  Mr.  Bradley,  which  no  doubt  that  gentleman  thought  it  his  duty  to  do,  and  was  it  for  defending  himself  that  he  was  to  be  disqualified  ?  He  thought  it  a  most  unfair  act  on  the  part  of  the  finance  committee  to  have  taken  such  a  course.  Mr.  Woodruff  :  The  committee  thought  that  he  was  dis disqualified  qualified disqualified  for  filling  the  office.  Mr.  Luff,  as  one  of  the  committee,  said  that  Mr.  Bradley  had  nothing  whatever  to  do  with  the  matter.  He  (Mr.  Luff),  consWered  a  man  who  would  rush  into  print  and  lampoon  a  member  of  the  board,  unfit  to  he  a  servant  of  it.  Mr.  Whitty  said  he  considered,  under  the  circumstances  of  the  case,  it  to  be  his  duty  to  move  that  Mr.  Lamphier's  name  be  added  to  the  list.  Let  him  have  fair  play  at  any  rate.  The  Chairman  said,  after  the  resolution  which  had  been  agreed  to  by  the  board,  and  the  instructions  to  the  committee,  he  could  not  put  the  motion.  Mr.  Whitty  :  If  we  vote  for  him,  and  ho  has  a  majority,  will  he  be  elected  ?  Mr.  Bradley  :  No,  certainty  not.  The  Chairman  :  The  resolution  you  put  was  a  very  stringent  one,  and  he  can  only  be  elected  by  rescinding  that  resolution.  The  board  then  divi4ed,  when  there  were  nineteen  votes  for  Mr.  'Hughes,  six  for  Mr.  Robertson,  and  one  for  Mr.  Roberts-.  The  former  gentleman  was  therefore  elected,  and  the  proceedings  of  the  committee  were  confirmed.  MR.  BRADLEY  AND  MR.  DIGNAN.  The  clerk  then  read  the  following  report  Cf  a  special  committee,  in  reference  to  the  dispute  between  the  above  two  parties.  .  .  .  The  special  committee  which  was  appointed  by  the  Select  Vestry  on  the  18th  Dreember  last,  to  investigate  a  charge  made  in  the  following  terms  by  Mr.  Dignan,  the  editor  of  the  Liverpool  Chronicle,  against  Mr.  Bradley,  a  member  of  the  board,  viz.  :  (the  editor)  was  not  singular  in  the  belief  that  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  number  of  the  Doctor's  supporters  in  Vauxhall  Ward  are  the  recipients  of  parish  relief,  at  the  expense  of  the  struggling  ratepayers  of"
