text
"AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  PACIFIC.  The  steamer  Pacio.o  arrived  here  yesterday  from  New  York,  with  dates  to  the  sth  inst.  Neither  of  the  steamers  due  from  Eurcpe  had  arrived  out.  No  Speaker  had  been  elected  by  the  House  of  Representatives.  The  general  news  is  unimportant.  The  New  York  papers  publish  the  correspond correspondence  ence correspondence  (extending  over  twelve  columns)  uhich  has  passed  between  the  American  and  British  Govern.  ments  on  the  Central  American  question,  com commencing  mencing commencing  with  Mr.  Marcy's  instructions  to  the  American  Minister  in  London,  and  ending  with  the  letter  of  Lord  Clarendon  to  the  same  function functionary  ary functionary  iu  October  last.  This  deeply  interesting  and  long-drawn  correspondence  shows  how  complicated  the  question  has  become,  and  how  little  prospect  there  can  be  of  an  immediate  adjustment  of  a  misunderstanding  which  has  the  entanglements  and  patches,  and  excrescences,  and  errors,  of  half  a  century  of  bungling  negotiations  to  encumber  it.  The  New  York  Times  says  :  That  there  will  be  a  war  springing  out  of  this  business  we  have  no  doubt;  but  it  will  be  a  war  of  diplomatic  notes,  and  ;not  a  resort  to  the  last  argument  of  nations.  A  few  more  years  of  negotiation  and  correspondence,  and  the  difficulty  will  be  solved  in  a  summary  manner,  by  some  bold  adventurer,  who  will  step  in  between  the  wranglers  and  make  himself  master  of  the  country  about  which  they  are  disputing.  It  is  an  exceedingly  awkward  business  as  it  stands  ;  but  it  is  not  one  to  fight  about.  In  regard  to  our  diplomatic  imbroglio  with  Great  Britain,  a  glimpse  at  the  possible  action  of  the  administration,  in  the  absence  of  congressional  advice,  would  h  ave  b  een  more  satisfactory.  But  we  can  master  the  matter  per perhaps  haps perhaps  without  these  helps.  It  appears  that  the  enlistment  question  is  a  subordinate  one,  soluble,  if  not  otherwise,  by  the  dismissal  of  Mr.  Crampton—an  act  certainly  pro proper,  per, proper,  and  always  within  the  power  of  the  President.  In  short,  with  reference  to  the  Clayton  Treaty,  and  existing  contingencies  arising  under  it,  if  the  matter  be  stated  correctly,  and  the  uegociations  on  the  subject  of  British  violations  of  the  treaty,  be,  as  Lord  Clarendon  is  repre represented  sented represented  as  saying,  brought  to  a  hopeless  conclusion,  then  the  message  might  have  added,  with  entire  propriety,  that  no  other  course  is  left  but  to  expel  the  colonists  from  Hon Honduras,  duras, Honduras,  destroy  the  fortifications  on  the  Bay  Islands,  and  finally  haul  down  the  union-jack  wherever  it  may  now  be  floating  in  Central  America.  What  was  done  in  the  green  leaf  at  San  Juan  must  be  done  in  the  dry  at  the  Belize  and  Ruatan.  Having  undertaken  to  enforce  the  terms  of  the  Treaty  of  1850  against  our  own  citizens,  honour  permits  •  no  evasion  of  the  duty  of  enforcing  them  against  foreign  infringers.  Such  is  the  moral  of  the  executive  presenta presentation  tion presentation  of  facts.  And,  if  the  moral  be  left  unwritten,  it  is  only  that  the  positive  power  of  recognising  a  casus  belli,  the  President  chooses,  with  modesty  exceeding  that  of  Mr.  Polk,  to  place  where  it  belongs,  in  the  hands  of  the  legislative  department  of  Government,  rather  than  plunge  the  country,  as  he  might  readily  do,  with  the  re respectable  spectable respectable  precedent  just  referred  to  in  his  eye,  into  all  the  evils  of  a  foreign  war.  Let  the  fact  stand  to  his  credit.  The  issue  thus  raised  with  Great  Britain,  fraught  as  it  is  with  danger,  is,  unfortunately,  not  so  clear  as  it  might  be.  There  are  difficulties  about  it.  In  the  refusal  of  that  power  to  recognise  the  Munroe  doctrine,  we  have,  the  President  leaves  us  to  suppose,  no  ground  for  immediate  quarrel  ;  for  in  that  refusal  she  has  been  practically  con consistent  sistent consistent  from  the  very  first.  It  is  a  mistaken  notion  that  in  the  treaty  of  July,  1850,  there  was  any  concession  of  that  doctrine,  so  far  even  as  Central  America  was  con concerned.  cerned. concerned.  Interference  in  the  politics  of  that  quarter  were  only  foitorne  by  Eng:and  on  con condamn  damn condamn  of  equal  forbearance  on  our  part.  It  is  more  just  to  construe  the  agreement  as  an  abandonment  of  the  Monroe  doctrine,  than  as  an  affirmation  of  it.  Great  Britain  was  recognized  by  it  as  a  power  possessing  an  unquestionable  right  to  intervene  in  and  stipulate  anout  American  interests;  to  give  up  rights  in  regard  to  them  only  in  consideration  of  equal  abstinence  on  the  side  of  the  Cis-Atlantic  powers.  lf,  then,  we  were  to  go  to  war  in  vindication  of  the  Clayton-Bulwer  Treaty,  it  would  be  a  virtual  abandonment,  for  the  present  at  least,  of  the  Monroe  doctrine  ;  if  we  determine  to  vindicate  the  Monroe  doctrine,  we  must  join  with  our  opponents  in  discarding  the  Clayton-Bulwer  Tre4ty.  The  grounds  of  cavil  are  conflicting  :  either  Great  Britain  is  entitled  to  interfere  in  American  politics,  or  else  the  treaty  referred  to  is  a  tissue  of  meaningless  trumpery.  If  we  are  to  embark  in  a  conflict,  let  the  object  be  worth  the  gunpowder.  By  the  treaty,  we  are  more  effectually  ex excluded  cluded excluded  from  interference  in  Isthmian  affairs,  than  the  other  contracting  party.  In  view  of  our  intercourse  with  Cali Calitor:2ia  tor:2ia Calitor:2ia  and  the  Pacific  world,  this  state  of  things  should  be  reversed  ;  and  it  can  only  b  e  reverse  d  b  y  d  isallowing  all  title  on  the  part  of  a  European  power  to  execute  any  other  document  in  regard  to  the  subject,  than  a  quit-claim  deed  :  a  solemn  relinquishment  of  all  right  or  interest  in  the  con contr  tr contr  )verted  territory.  This  is  an  object  worthy  of  the  stoutest  maintenance  ;  but  whether  now,  and  without  a  final  and  formal  denial  of  our  peculiar  claims  on  the  part  of  England  is  a  question  we  are  not  called  upon  to  answer.  In  reference  to  the  affairs  of  Central  America,  on  the  3rd  the  President  sent  to  the  Senate  the  ratification  of  Minister  Wheeler's  treaty  with  Nicaragua,  negotiated  anterior  to  Walker's  advent.  It  stipulates  for  the  recognition  of  Nicaragua  to  the  extent  of  all  her  claimed  territory,  including  IVlusquito,  and  regardless  of  the  British  protector protectorate.  ate. protectorate.  It  also  stipulates  for  the  protection  and  fos fostering  tering fostering  of  American  citizens'  capital  and  enterprises  in  Nicaragua,  covering,  of  course,  any  railroad  or  canal  which  may  be  projected.  It  was  referred  to  the  committee  on  foreign  relations.  It  was  stated  at  Washington  that  England  had  sent  out  full  powers  to  Mr.  Crampton  to  negotiate  a  treaty  abandoning  her  pretensions  in  Central  America  ;  and  a  letter  writer  adds:  I  seriously  doubt  the  story,  but  if  it  is  true,  it  is  merely  a  proposition  to  compound  a  felony,  and  our  Gov Government  ernment Government  will  not  entertain  it.  It  is  expected  here  that  Great  Britain  will  propose  to  submit  the  Cen Central  tral Central  American  question  to  arbitration,  which  is  not  likely  to  be  agreed  to  by  us,  especially  as  at  present  there  is  no  great  European  Power  that  we  could  trust  except  The  annual  reports  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Nary,  Post-office,  and  Treasury  had  been  published,  and  are  as  usual  very  lengthy  documents.  From  the  report  of  the  war  department  we  learn  that  the  actual  strength  of  the  army  is  15,752  officers  and  men.  MoLA'SES  :  From  the  cargo  of  new  Clayed  Cuba,  before  noticed,  150  hhds  have  been  run  off,  in  lots  at  42  cents  ;  besides  which,  we  noticed  125  bbls  New  Orleans,  49,  4  mos.  SUGAR  :  The  demand  is  moderate,  but  the  market  is  very  firm,  and  full  prices  continue  to  be  realized.  Sales  18,483  bags  Vanilla,  for  refining  (a  resale,  having  been  sold,  to  arrive,  at  61  cents)  at  71  rents,  6  months;  90  hhds  Porto  Rico,  8;  275  New  Orleans,  8R  to  81;  175  bags  Cuba,  71;  267  box  , STYLE=superscript  s  Brown  and  Yellow  Havanna,  8  to  81;  and  50  White  ditto,  9,  4  months.  Prices  in  New  York,  Ist  January,  New  Orleans.  Cuba.  per  lb  8  to  9  c  7  to  8  c  .  41  „  51c  4  ~  571  c  .  •  .....  ..  4  „  51c  41  „  51  c  ..  4-  4  -  „  6  c  4  1 STYLE=superscript  -  »  5  4 STYLE=superscript  c  4  ,  •  .  Total  Import,  from  January  1,  to  December  31,  1855  Mids.  Bxs.  Bans  From  Foreign  Ports  .  161.937  136,398  140,591  Coastwise  do  Total  236,270  137,756  153,679  Same  time,  1854  249,928  92,888  112,639  Export  from  January  1,  to  December  31,  M  1865  1854  uscovado  Havana  ..  &amp;c  .  ,  Refined  FREIGHTS.—The  Market  to  Great  Britain  is  scarcely  so  firm,  but  in  other  directions  there  is  no  material  change.  EXCHANGE.  —Prices  were  nearly  the  same  as  before,  but  the  business  was  limited,  contrary  to  the  expectations  of  sellerq,  who  looked  for  a  large  d  mand,  for  remittances  of  dividenis,  interest,  &amp;c.  The  market  in  general  closes  flatly  We  elute  bills  on  London,  79  to  8  per  cent.  prem  PUBLIC  MEETING  IN  MANCHESTER  IN  •  AID  OF  THE  NIGHTINGALE  FUND.  Yesterday  one  of  the  most  influential,  numerous,  and  '  enthusiastic  meetings  ever  held  in  Manchester,  took  place  in  the  Town-hall,  for  the  purpose  of  determining  upon  the  steps  to  be  taken  to  promote  the  Amongst  the  gentlemen  were  the  Right  Hon.  Sidney  Herbert.  M.P.,  Lord  Stanley,  M.P.,  Mr.  Monek Monekton  ton Monekton  Milnes,  M.P.,  nho  attended  as  a  deputation  from  the  general  ttommittee  in  London.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  his  worship  the  Mayor  (James  Watts,  Esq  ).  Mr.  J.  A.  Turner,  chairman  of  the  Commercial  Asso Association.  ciation. Association.  m,,ved  the  first  resolution,  to  the  effect  that  the  noble  exertions  of  Miss  Nightingale  and  her  associates  in  the  East,  and  the  invaluable  services  rendered  by  them,  made  it  desirable  to  perpetuate  in  a  substantial  manner,  the  signal  services  they  had  rendered  to  the  country.  Mr.  Oliver  Heywood  baying  seconded  the  resolution  in  a  neat  and  eloquent  speech,  the  Right  Hon.  Sidney  Herbert,  M.P.,  supported  the  resolution  at  some  length,  and  in  the  course  of  his  address  paid  some  well-merited  compliments  to  Miss  Nightingale.  He  also  showed  the  great  want  of  an  efficient  body  of  nurses  for  the  hospitals  in  this  country,  and,  the  great  desire  which  Miss  Nightingale  had  for  the  establishment  of  an  institution  for  the  thorough  training  of  nurses  for  hos hospitals.  pitals. hospitals.  It  was  intended  that  Miss  Nightingale  should  hr.rself  arrange  the  details  of  the  proposed  establishment,  e  her  genius  and  habits  b  ncd  e  ,te  i  aa  n  nsr  g  oi  asn  s  uni  o  pii  ns:pm  admirably  :  prfioertridtsneodns  thesft  o  ao  r  nr  pl  t  ear  h  yel  l  ps  t  e  t  o  i  n  s  i  k  itt  .  imcao  i  lv7a  te  mn  r  de  e  7  w  rte,  a  l  s  ig  n  io  o  se  whichus  M.P.,  also  supported  the  resolution  at  same  length,  and  in  the  course  of  his  address  spoke  highly  of  the  services  rendered  by  Miss  Nightingale  and  her  noble  band  of  nurses  in  the  East.  The  resolution  was  put  from  the  chair,  and  carried  unanimously.  Mr.  William  Entwistle  moved  the  second  resolution,  which  pledged  the  meeting  to  subscribe  to  the  Nightin Nightingale  gale Nightingale  fund.  Mr.  Thomas  Bayley,  chairman  of  the  Chamber  of  Commerce,  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  ably  supported  by  Mr.  Monckton  Milnes,  M.P:,  and  Mr.  Mark  Philips,  late  M.P.  for  Manchester,  and  was  passed  unanimously.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  Mark  Philips,  seconded  by  Mr.  Robert  Brandt,  judge  of  the  Manchester  county  court,  a  committee  was  appointed  to  carry  out  the  object  of  the  meeting  ;  and  the  Mayor  having  vacated  the  chair,  and  Alderman  Sir  John  Potter  having  been  called  to  it,  a  vote  of  thanks  was,  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  Sidney  Herbert,  seconded  by  Lord  Stanley,•passed  by  acclamation  to  the  chief  magistrate  of  the  city,  for  his  conduct  in  the  chair..  The  Mayor  returned  thanks,  and  the  meeting  broke  up.  The  commercial  accounts  do  not  vary  much  from  those  previously  received.  The  latest  report  •  says  :  .  The  day  was  an  active  one  amongst  the  merchants  and  bankers,  made  so  by  the  heavy  4th  of  January  payments  at  the  bank,  and  the  preparations  for  the  European  steamer  sailing  at  noon  to  morrow.  The  mail  by  this  opportunity  will  be  a  large  one.  The  transactions  in  Exchange  to  day,  after  the  market  had  taken  the  lower  range  on  London  and  Paris,  noticed  yesterday:afternoon,  were  much  more  free,  and  a  considerable  amount  of  business  was  done  in  sterling  at  1081  to  1081  prime  bills;  most  of  the  cash  purchases  for  round  sums  being  at  108  k.  All  the  regular  bankers  were  offering  to  draw,  and  made  settlements  with  their  customers  at  the  outside  figure.  The  payments  of  the  day  were  well  met,  and  we  hear  of  few  protests,  and  no  important  failures.  The  discount  brokers  are  getting  10  per  cent.  off  prime  paper,  and  12  to  14  per  cent.  tiff  fair  names.  Demand  loans  were  nut  so  difficult  to  day  as  during  the  previous  two  or  three  days,  though  money  cannot  be  said  to  work  easy  yet  among  the  stock  brokers.  The  market  for  shares  and  bonds  was  a  fraction  weaker  at  the  early  board,  and  the  salts  generally  moderath,  but  in  the  afteruoon  prices  closed  firm,  and,  in  some  cases,  the  railway  shams  were  slightly  dearer  than  on  Thursday.  The  Pacific,  of  the  Collins  line,  is  the  Liverpool  steamer  to today.  day. today.  The  next  Liverpool  packet  will  be  the  Canada,  from  Easton,  on  Wednesday  week,  16th  January;  to  be  followed  from  this  pert  by  the  Atlantic,  of  the  Collins  line,  on  Saturday  10th  Jan.  Then  comes  another  interreen  im  of  eleven  days,  to  Wednesday,  30th  January,  when  a  Cunarder  leaves  Boston  ;  for  although  the  Africa,  of  that  line,  leaves  Liverpol  for  New  York  on  the  12th  January,  she  will  not  take  ber  regular  place  from  New  York  until  Wednesday,  6th  February.  The  Arrgo,  of  the  Havre  line,  will  leave  here  on  Saturday,  12  inst.,  if  she  arrives  in  season  to  des descharge  charge descharge  and  take  in  cargo.  LECTURES  FOR  WORKING  MEN  AT  THE  CONCERT-HALL.  REV.  HUGH  STO  WELL  BROWN  The  first  of  a  series  of  lectures,  intended  principally,  if  not  exclusively,  for  the  benefit  of  working  men,  was  given  in  the  Concert-hall  last  night,  by  the  Rev.  Hugh  Stowell  Brown.  The  lecture  was  given,  not  in  the  large  public  ball,  hut  in  the  class-room  underneath.  A  very  considerable  attendance  of  working  men  .  was  drawn  together.  At  eight  o'clock  precisely  the  Rev.  Hugh  Stowell  Brown  entered  the  room,  and  was  received  with  loud  applause.  He  proceeded  to  deliver  his  lecture,  the  subject  of  which  was  Social  In  opening,  he  explained  that  in  the  course  of  lectures  now  nroj  , STYLE=superscript  cted,  he  had  the  co-operation  of  the  Rev.  Professor  Griffiths,  and  the  Rev.  Alexander  Cromar,  who  both  intended  to  deliver  lectures  on  useful  subjects,  for  the  advantage  of  working  men,  in  that  hall.  It  was  not  expected  that  very  large  audiences  would  he  attracted  t  o  th  ese  l  ectures  ,  nor  was  it  desired  by  the  projectors  that  the  bulk  of  those  who  attended  should  be  otherthan  w  or  ki  ng  me  n.  H  e  then  proceeded  to  remark  t  h  at  ,  i  n  the  public  lecture  s  usually  delivered  to  working  men,  more  attention  was  paid  to  the  diffusion  of  scientific  knowledge  than  to  an  enlightening  of  the  working  classes  upon  their  own  social  position  and  functions  in  society.  For  political-  parties,  under  whatever  diff•rlng  appellations,  he  expressed  a  general  disregard,  and  urged  that  working  men  should  rather  endeavour  to  discover  what  was  really  wise,  honest,  and  true,  than  to  scrutinize  the  distinctions  of  whig  and  tory,  conservative  and  radical.  He  then  proceeded  to  give  a  rapid,  but  very  distinct  outline,  of  the  history  of  the  working  classes  of  England  up  to  the  present  day.  Ho  showed  what  a  mistake  it  was  to  suppose  that  Britons  never  had  been  slaves,  and  that,  until  a  very  recent  period,  laws  existed  with  reference  to  various  branches  of  industry  which  made  the  workman  little  better  tha  n  a  serf.  Beginning  with  a  description  of  the  condition  of  the  working  classes  of  England  600  years  ago,  he  showed  how  the  people  gradu  lily,  by  their  own  exertions,  emancipated  themselves.  Here,  he  observed,  that  lae  had  no  faith  in  sudden  emancipation,.  In  fact  emancipation  could  not  be  given  to  a  people;  they  must  gradually  emancipate  themselves,  and  through  the  long  and  painful  process  of  acquiring  their  freedom,  learn  how  to  make  a  right  use  of  it.  Hence  he  declared  that  although  p  eop  l  e  might  exult  ov  er  the  fall  of  Russian  despotism,  he  doubted  whether  most  of  the  European  nations  were  as  yet  fit  for  freedom,  a  n  d  th  ere  f  ore  whether  it  was  yet  poss  ible  to  establish  that  gen  e  r  a  l  lib  erty  for  which  peop  l  e  h  ope  d,  He  traced  the  history  of  legislation  with  regard  to  labour,  and  showed  bow,  NEW  YORK  MARKETS.—JAwtrAnv  5.  CorroN  —The  market  remains  very  uniform,  and  the  demand  continues  moderate.  The  stock  ie  small  and  holders  are  therefore  indifferent  about  realizing,  except  at  very  full  prices.  The  sales  for  the  three  days  are  estimated  at  3500  bales,  and  for  the  week  6500,  at  the  annexed  quotations,  which  we  continue.  FLOUR  AND  MEAL—The  market  for  Western  ant.  Flour  has  ruled  quiet  and  rather  heavy,  though  prices  are  without  important  change.  The  local  and  Eastern  buyers  have  operated  cautiously.  while  exporters  have,  for  the  most  part  kept  aloof,  pending  the  arrival  of  the  Canada  and  Arago  t  with  a  week's  later  advices  from  Europe.  The  receipts  are  moderate,  notwithstanding  which  holders  mani manifest  fest manifest  some  disposition  to  realize  at  the  annexed  quotations.  Sales  24  000  brls.,  mainly  kr:  home  use.  Can  a  d  a  fl  our  rdso  continues  dull,  and  tiv  sales  are  limited  to  about  700  brls.  Ct  $8,50  to  $10,25,  as  in  quality.  GRAIN  —The  market  for  wueat  continues  firm,  but  the  demand  is  quite  moderate,  both  for  home  use  and  export,  and  the  prices  of  last  Monday  are  still  current  ;  sales  20,900  bushels  Red  Tennessee  at  $1,90  to  s2—the  latter  an  extreme  price;  and  ?,400  White  Missouri,  $2,20;  White  Southern,  Genessee  and  Canada  are  held  at  $2,15  to  $2,18  ;  White  Western,  $2.10  to  $2,15  ;  12,000  bushels  Red  Winter  sold  at  $1,95  to  $2.  Asups—About  250  brls.  Pot,  old  and  new  brands,  have  been  taken  at  $7,  which  is  a  decline.  Pearl  are  also  lower.  PRoviszoNs—The  market  for  Pork  remains  dull,  and  prices  are  gis  to  60  cents  lower,  with  a  considerable  desire  sa  the  I  d  State  one  after  another,  every  restriction  upon  masters,  and  men,  as  regarded  wages,  districts  in  which  a  man  might  work,  and  others  gradually  were  found  to  be  vexatious,  alike  to  man  and  master,  and  were  gradually  removed.  The  struggles  which  from  time  to  time  hrokeout  between  capital  and  labour  he  also  concisely  reviewed.  Ho  showed  how,  in  all  the  quarrels  which  tonic  place  between  capital  and  labour,  the  leading  cause  was  igno ignorance  rance ignorance  upou  both  sides,  and  declared  that  although  at  one  time  the  wealthier  classes  feared  so  much  the  enlightenment  of  the  working  elasses  that  labourers  were  forbidden  by  law  from  educating  their  children,  it  was  found  at  the  present  day  that  the  enemy  which  the  rich  had  to  fear  amorist  the  poor  was  not  their  edUcation2  but  their  ignorance.  He  contrasted  the  condition  of  the  present  with  that  of  the  past,  and  showed  how  more  closely  the  rich  and  the  poor  man  sympathised,  and  aided  each  other  ;  how  labour  was  being  freed  from  restrictions;  and  the  power  of  leading  an  useful  and  active  life  opened  up  to  every  man.  The  lecture  was  eminently  practical,  clear,  and  adapted  to  its  object.  It  was  listened  to,  all  through,  with  the  greatest  attention,  only  broken  by  frequent  applause.  NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  FRIDAY,  JANUARY  18,  1856.  know  it  is'a  lie  ---  --  --  part  of  of  holders  to  realize.  The  stock  has  materially  in_  DOCK  COMMITTEE--YESTERDAY.  creased  during  December,  being  on  the  Ist  inst.  32,673,  against  17,432  Ist  December,  and  43,236  bale.  Ist  January,  1855  ;the  sales  f  or  th  e  th  ree  d  a  y  s  amount  to  1500  bale.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  o  f  t  h  e  d  ock  committee  was  closing  at  $16,75  far  Mess,  and  $l7  to  $lB  (nominally)  for  held  at  one  o'clock  yesterday,  Mr.  Francis  Shand  Prime  Mess.  Beef  continues  in  moderate  request,  and  good  occupying  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were,  qualities  are  firm,  while  inferior  favors  the  purchaser.  The  annexed  statement  shows  a  large  increase  in  the  supply  :  Messrs.  Robinson,  Smith,  Rankin,  Rathbone,  Hubbock,  sales  800  brls.  at  $9  t  o  $lO  f  or  Country  Prime,  $10,50  to  $l  2  Anderson,  Langsdale,  Mondell,  Barb  er  ,  H  o  ld  en,  Robert.  tor  do.  Mess,  $13,50  to  $l4  for  Vermont  Mess,  and  $l4  to  son  Gladstone,  James  Holme,  Evans.  $l4  75  for  repacked  Western.  Prime  Mess  Beef  is  in  better  The  . STYLE=superscript  Stanley  dock  warehouses  committee,  reported  the  simaly,  and  prices  are  $1  lower;  sales  1100  fcs.  at  $1  5 STYLE=superscript  3  to  resignation  of  Mr.  Charles  J.  More  of  his  situation  as  $23.  Bacon  has  sales  declined,  and  the  demand  is  moderate;  manifest  clerk,  and  the  resignation  by  Mr.  Robertson  of  sales  2310  hxs,  Short  an  d  L,,  ng  middl  es  at  94.  t  o  01  cents,  his  situation  as  landing  clerk.  The  sub-committee  rib  in,  and  10  to  10  for  boneless.  Pickled  Meats  are  quiet,  recommended  that  these  resignations  be  received.  and  prices  are  nominal.  D  resse  d  Hogs  ha  ve  declined  to  71,  The  finance  sub-committee  recommended  that  Mr.  to  7i  cents.  Lard  is  half  a  cent  lower,  with  a  fair  business  Charles  Ashton,  clerk  in  the  warehousing  dep  a  rt  men  t  o  f  at  the  decline  ;  s  a  l  es  1800  b  r  l  s  ,  an  d  tea.,  clos  i  ng  at  114  to  the  customs,  be  appointed  accountant  to  assist  the  corn-  Ili  cents,  as  in  quality.  Butter  is  in  fair  demand,  but,  missioners,  for  auditing  the  accounts  of  the  dock  estate,  with  a  good  simply,  prices  are  a  trifle  lower  ;  the  current  in  the  room  of  Mr.  Boyer,  who  had  resigned,  at  a  salary  quotations  are  17  to  22  cents.  for  Ohio,  22  to  26  for  ordinary  of  1501.  per  annum.  to  good  State.  and  27  to  30  hr  choice  States  dairies.  Cheese  It  was  recommended,  as  assistance  was  required  in  the  is  selling  moderatels  at  9  to  11  cents.  banded  department  of  the  treasurer's  office,  that  Mr.  COAL:  Liverpool  Orrel  continues  abundant  and  vety  dull.  Charles  E.  Shackleton  be  appointed  assistant  to  Mr,  COPPER:  New  Sheathing  is  still  in  small  supply,  and  firm  Robert  Mason.  This  recommendation  was  confirmed.  at  34  cents.,  and  Yellow  Metal  26,6  mos.;  the  sales  of  the  A  letter  was  read  from  Messrs.  M'lver  and  Co.,  calling  latter  are  confined  to  Taunton,  thre  being  little  or  no  attention  to  the  open  and  exposed  state  of  the  sheds  on  English.  Ingot  copper  is  firm,  with  an  upward  tendency.  th's  south  east  side  of  the  Clarence-dock,  a  M  nd  suggesting  NAVAL  STORES  :  Turp  en  ti  ne  con  ti  nues  very  i  nact  i  ve,  and  alterations  ;  which,  with  a  letter  from  essrs.  Lamont  we  hear  of  no  enquiry  for  export—stock  on  hand,  exclusive  of  upon  the  same  subject,  was  referred  to  the  h  ar  b  our  mas masthat  that masthat  on  shipboard,  8000  Ms.  Spi  r  it  s  T  ur  p  en  ti  ne  d  ec  li  ne  d  4  to  ter's  committee.  d  1  per  cent  derateper  gallon  ;  stock  Rosin  is  15,000  firm,  and  to  16,000  brls,  and  th  e  A  l  etter  was  read  from  Messrs.  James  Baines  and  Co.,  demand  mo.  Comm  on  r  a  th  er  the STYLE=superscript  A  the  earnest  and  immediate  attention  of  the  corn-  Tar  is  in  good  stock,  and  held  firmly,  with  sales  in  lots  for  mittee  to  the  necessity  of  erecting  mast  shears,  as,  in  consumption  at  full  rates,  consequence  of  the  increased  size  of  the  vessels  frequent-  Rim  , STYLE=superscript  :  :  The  - STYLE=superscript  transactions  since  Wednesday  reach  600  tcs,  at  ing  the  port,  the  risk  of  roasting  and  unmasting  vessels  4  dole  62-4  c  to  5  (lois  50c,  which  is  the  highest  rate,  except  for  at  present  was  very  serious.  strictly,prime.  By  auction  100  tcs  damaged  sold  at  3  dole  69c  The  subject  was  referred  to  the  harbour  master's  to  4  dols  624  c  cash.  committee.  A  letter  from  Messrs.  Boult,  Enelish,  and  Brandon,  applying  for  a  special  berth  in  the  Waterloo  or  Victoria Victoriadock,  dock, Victoriadock,  was  also  referred  to  the  harbour  master's  com committee.  mittee. committee.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  C.  W.  Banning,  post  master,  stating,  that  as  it  was  of  much  importance  to  the  public  that  the  earliest  possible  information  of  the  arri arrival  val arrival  of  an  American  or  Australian  mail-packet  should  be  forwarded  to  the  post-office,  the  dock  committee  might  aid  in  accomplishing  this  object,  by  allowing  their  servants  on  duty  at  the  landing-slat'----  ..  ..ation,  or  else elsewhere,  where, elsewhere,  to  give  noti  ce  a  t  once  to  tbeB  post-office  of  such  arrivals,  for  which  service  the  post-office  authorities  would  be  ready  to  give  such  remuneration  as  might  be  thought  right.  The  Chairman  suggested  that  this  letter  should  be  likewise  referred  to  the  harbour  master's  committee,  which  was  agreed  to.  A  note  was  read  from  Mr.  Bouch,  enclosing  a  letter  from  Messrs.  Chance,  glass  manufacturers,  of  Birming Birmingham,  ham, Birmingham,  complaining  of  inequalities  in  the  dock  rating  on  glass,  a  fifty  feet  box  being  rated  at  the  same  amount  as  a  hundred  feet  box.  This  letter  was  referred  to  the  finance  committee.  The  Chairman  said  the  next  subject  was  the  motion  of  which  Mr.  Mondell  had  given  ',notice,  to  the  effect  that  communication  byelectric  telegraph  with  Holyhead,  and,  if  practicable,  at  the  needful  stations  along  the  line,  be  carried  out.  Mr.  Moredale  said,  if  the  committee  thought  fit,  he  would  postpone  the  motion,  in  consequence  of  the  ab absence  sence absence  of  the  chairman,  Mr.  Brocklebank,  and  Mr.  Lockett.  This  appeared  to  the  committee  a  fittinz  course,  and  accordingly  the  motion  was  postponed  until  next  Thurs Thursday.  day. Thursday.  This  was  the  whole  of  the  general  business  ,  HEALTH  COMMITTEE.-YESTERDAY.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  committee  was  held  at  half-past  two  o'clock  yesterday,  in  the  council  chamber,  Town  Hall,  Mr.  Langsdale  in  the  chair.  Other  members  present—  Wessrs.  Beckwith,  M‘Guffie,  Robertson  Gladstone,  Dover,  Haydock,  Halhead,  Johnson,  James  Holm°,  Hodson,  Godfrey.  PROGRESS  OF  BUILDING  IN  LIVERPOOL.  The  following  annual  report  of  the  building  surveyors  was  read  :—Dwelling  houses  and  warehouses  erected,  or  in  course  of  erecti  with;n  the  m  unicipal  borowth  of  Liverpool,  during  the  year  1855  :  Under  £l2  per  annum,  63;  from  £l2  to  £25,  1144  ;  from  £2.5  to  £35.  99  ;  from  £35  upwards,  49;  total,  1355  ;  warehouses,  9.  Comparative  statement  of  the  number  of  dwelling  houses  erected  in  each  year  since  1838  .-1838,  1052  ;  1839,  997  ;  1840,  1576  ;  1841,  1761;  1842,  2027  ;  1843,  1390  ;  1844,  2450;  1845,  3728  ;  1846,  3460  ;  1847,  1220  ;  1848,  656  ;  1849,  446  ;  1850,  420  •  1851,  837  ;  1852,  1136  ;  1853,  924  ;  185  4,  829;  1854,  1355;  Total,  26264.  Buildings  —not  dwelling  houses  erected,  alterations  made,  and  dangerous  buildings  taken  down  or  secured,  during  the  year  1855  :—Buildings  . STYLE=superscript  :  such  as  stables,  smithies,  &amp;c.,  77;  such  as  manufactories,  offices,  &amp;e.,  73.  Alterations  and  addi additions  tions additions  :  of  extensive  character,  60  ;  of  inferior  character,  303  ;  dangerous  buildings  taken  down  or  secured,  97.  HEALTH  OF  THE  TOWN  The  medical  officer  of  health  reported  that,  in  the  week  ending  on  the  12th  instant  228  deaths  from  all  causes  were  registered  in  the  borough,  being  ten  more  than  in  the  previous  week,  but  twenty-two  less  than  the  average  of  the  correspond corresponding  ing corresponding  week  of  the  preceding  eight  years.  In  the  parish,  the  deaths  were  158  ;  in  the  out-townships,  70.  Of  72  deaths  from  diseases  of  the  zymotic  class,  28  were  from  scarlatina,  20  from  hooping  cough,  nine  from  measles,  only  three  from  typhus,  two  from  small  pox.  The  deaths  from  typhus  were  fewer  than  in  any  week  of  the  previous  six  months  ;  GO  deaths  were  caused  by  diseases  of  the  lungs  and  consumption.  Of  the  total  228  deaths,  128  were  below  five  years  of  age,  mad  22  above  sixty.  The  borough  engineer,  building  surveyor,  and  inspector  of  nuisances,  reported  various  particulars  of  the  operations  in  ►heir  several  departments  during  the  week,  from  which  it  appeared  that  126  nuisances  complained  of  by  inhabitants  had  been  inspected,  and  means  taken  to  remedy  them  ;  1124  houses  in  the  unhealthiest  districts,  containing  3664  apartments  ;  473  cellars,  and  141  lodging  houses  had  been  put  under  examina examination,  tion, examination,  with  the  view  of  improving  their  sanitary  condition,  AN  ALDERMAN  SUMMONED  FOR  HIS  RATES.  Mr.  M‘Guffic  said  that  a  gentleman,  who  was  in  his  estab establishment  lishment establishment  a  few  days  since,  complained  of  the  treatment  which  he  had  received  at  the  hands  of  the  sub-committee  on  calling  at  the  offices  in  Cornwallis  -street.  The  gentleman  was  well  known.  Mr.  Beckwith  :  Why  not  mention  his  name  ?  I  will  do  it  —it  was  Alderman  Toulmin  ;  he  complained  that  he  had  been  grossly  insulted  by  the  proceedings  of  the  constable,  and  the  manner  in  which  he  was  insulted  was  in  his  being  sent  a  sum.  mons  for  his  rates!  He  neglected  to  attend  to  the  letters  that  were  sent  to  him,  and  he  then  came  in  a  thundering  passion  to  blow  us  all  up.  The  town-clerk  told  him  that  he  had  done  everything  that  the  committee  required,  and  to  show  him  that  he  had:used  every  caution  in  the  matter,  he  produced  the  form  of  letter  which  the  committee  directed  should  be  sent  to  any  and  every  person  before  proceedings  were  taken.  He  proved  that  lie  had  sent  such  a  letter  in  this  instance,  upon  which  Mr.  Toulmin  said  that  it  was  a  lie,  and  that  the  person  who  made  the  statement  knew  that  it  was  a  lie.  Of  course  we  felt  very  indignant  that  Mr.  Toulmin  should  come  into  our  office  and  insult  our  officer  in  our  very  face.  I  told  him,  as  a  matter  of  course,  that  he  should  withdraw  thoso  expressions,  that  they  were  ungentlemanly  and  uncalled  for;  and  as  he  felt  very  much  aggrieved  in  the  matter,  and  wanted  to  get  two  shillings  taken  off  for  the  summons,  I  recommended  him  to  come  before  the  general  committee  on  this  day.  .  He  took  a  different  view  of  the  matter,  and  throwing  down  his  money  on  the  table  told  us  to  take  his  bill  out  of  it;  and  so  ended  the  affair.  If  he  had  taken  my  advice  and  come  before  the  general  committee,  the  matter  would  have  been  investigated,  and  I  have  no  doubt  that  you  would  have  fully  exonerated  the  sub subcommittee.  committee. subcommittee.  I  also  told  him  that  it  was  nut  to  be  supposed  that  he,  an  alderman,  and  a  rich  and  wealthy  man,  could  get  off  without  payment  of  his  rates—(hear,  hear,  and  laughter)--  and  he  might  depend  upon  it,  that  I  should  always  be  an  advocate  for  his  or  any  other  alderman---(laughter)  —being  served  as  the  poorest  individuals  were.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Johnson  corroborated  Mr.  Beckwith's  statement,  and  declared  Mr.  Toulmin's  language  and  bearing  had  been  most  offensive.  The  summons  was  fir  two  small  sums  which  his  own  clerk  had  signed  an  undertaking  to  pay,  and  he  himself  admitted  both  the  genuineness  of  the  undertaking,  and  the  authority  of  the  clerk  to  give  it.  Mr.  Haydock  His  precise  words  it  is  a  lie,  and  you  and  he  afterwards  denied  that  he  made  use  of  the  expressions.  .  _  The  Chairman  :  Oh  you  blow  is  a  common  expression  o  Mr.  Toulmin's.  He  once  called  me  a  liar.  (Laughter.)  I  think  nothing  of  that.  Mr.  Haydock  observed  that  Mr.  Ashlin  confirmed  the  law  clerk's  statement.  Mr.  M‘Guffie  said  his  object  had  been  gained  in  Mr.  Beck Beckwith's  with's Beckwith's  statement.  Mr.  Gladstone  s  The  public  should  understand  that  we  have  a  much  higher  opinion  of  our  town  clerk  than  Mr.  Toulmin  seems  to  possess,  and  that  we  think  him  entirely  incapable  of  stating  an  untruth.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  matter  then  dropped.  Mr.  Bradley  and  Mr.  John  Nicholson  waited  on  the  com committee  mittee committee  in  reference  to  thA  n+-.e  of  the  parapet  of  Waterloo  The  Chairman  stated  that  the  work  was  now  in  progress.  Mr.  Haydock  observed  that  he  had  already  directed  the  attention  of  the  committee  to  it.  Mr.  Beckwith  :  Oh,  yes,  I  knew  we  would  have  a  useful  member  i  n  M  r.  Haydock  ;  I  had  always  a  high  opinion  of  him:  (Laughter.)  nrawey  :  Follow  his  example,  then.  (LMr.  Beckwith  :  I  won't  follow  your  example,  doctor.  aughter.)  The  Borough  Engineer  submitted  plans  for  sewering  Grove  Park,  and  estimated  the  cost  at  £640,  of  which  £440  would  fall  on  Grove  Park,  and  £2OO  on  Liverpool.  By  this  work,  ho  said,  they  would  be  enabled  to  drain  Lodge  lane.  The  plane  were  approved  of.  He  also  submitted  specimens  of  numbers  for  houses,  which  were  also  approved  of.  This  concluded  the  business,  1"
