text
"IMPORTANT  FROM  4  11l  . STYLE=superscript  .iE  It  I  C  yit.  .  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  BALTIC.  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Wednesday  Morning.  The  steam  ship  Baltic,  Captain  Comstock,  has•  just  arrived  here  from  New  York  with  advices  to  the  15th  inst.,  being  four  day's  later  than  those  - STYLE=superscript  re  eeived  on  Saturday  by  the  America.  She  has  brought  home  134_  passengers,  and  One  Million  of  dollars  in  specie.  She  spoke  the  steam-  . STYLE=superscript  er  Atlantic  on  the  16th  inst.  about  125  miles  from  New  York.  We  subjoin  the  letter  from  our  correspondent  in  in  New  York,  from  which  it  will  be  seen  that  the  news  from  England  taken  out  by  the  Canada,  had  caused  quite  a  panic  in  the  Money  Market,  and  a  great  excitement  in  the  market  for  BreadstUffs,  the  prices  for  which  had  again  advanced.  The  Wash Washington  ington Washington  correspondent  of  the  New  York  Times  says  that  advices  had  reached  that  city,  from  Havanna  supplying  intelelligence  of  important  movements  of  the  English.  Government,  in  •  con connection  nection connection  with  Slavery  in'  the  Island  of  Cuba.  It  is  stated  that  a  treaty  has  been  concluded  with  Spain,  by  which  England  is  permitted  to  prosecute  inCuba  a  search  for  slaves  that  may  have  been  landed,  and  it  is  said  that  there  is  also  a  prospect  of  her  concluding  a  treaty  by  which  she  will  withdraw  her  cruisers  from  the  coast  and  permit  slaves  to  be  landed  ad  libitum,  on  condition  that  they  shall  be.  made  Emancipados  for  ten  years,  -and  that  Slavery  shall  be  abolished  in  Cuba  at  the  end  of  fifty  years.  The  TIMES  says  :—These  movements,  if  the  re report  port report  of  them  proves  to  be  well-founded,  will  attract  •  the  very  general  attention  of  the  country.  The  advices  from  New  Orleans  report  the  weather  as  cool  and  fine,  and  thousands  of  absentee's  are  returning,  considering  the  danger  from  yellow  fever  entirely  over.  The  health  of  Mobile  is  nearly  restored,  and  there  are  only  occasionally  cases  of  yellow  fever.  The  yellow  fever  was  still  prevailing  in  'various  towns  of  Mississippi  and  Louisiana.  Natchez  is  now  free  from  the  epidemic,  and  trade  is  reviving  there.  The  fever  had  disappeared  from  Thibo Thibodeaux,  deaux, Thibodeaux,  but  at  Yazoo  City  it  was  still  raging  se severely.  verely. severely.  -  Advices  from  Mexico  to  the  13th  inst.  had  been  received.  There  were  reports  of  a  revolution  at  Yucatan,  and  a  steamer  with  three  hundred  troops  had  been  despatched  to  quell  it.  Don  Lino  Alcorta  had  been  - STYLE=superscript  Appointed  minister  of  war.  A  New  Or  leans  paper  states  that  a  conspiracy  had  been  dis discovered  covered discovered  at  Puebla,  involving  several  persons  of  influence,  some  of  whom  had  been  ordered  to  leave  the  country.  The  Neth  York  Herald  says  :—Our  Washington  despatches.this  morning  contain  some  interesting  intelligence.  An  effort  is  to  be  made  to  render  the  navy  more  efficient,  in  view  of  the  anticipated  troubles  in  Europe  The  suspension  of  the  busi business  ness business  of  Mr.  Draper  appears  to  have  caused  quite  a  sensation  at  the  capital.  Captain  Gibson  has  imself  satisfied  with  the  Himself  pub published  lished published  a  letter  expressing  action  of  the  government  in  his  case.  Governor  Seymour,  yesterday  resigned  his  office  of  Governor  of  Connecticut,  to  assume  the  duties  of  the  Russian  mission,  and  Lieutenant  Governor  Pond  was  sworn  in  as  chief  executive  of  the  State,  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  New  York,  Saturday  Morning,  Oct.  15.  By  the  Collins  steamer  Baltic  I  send  you  a  sum summary  mary summary  of  the  latest  news,  up  to  the  hour  of  the  sailing  of  the  steamer.  The  steam-ship  Humboldt  from  Havre  and  Southampton,  arrived  at  this  port  last  evening  after  a  very  rough  passage.  Her  news  Was  in  substance  anticipated  by  the  Canada's  ar arrival  rival arrival  at  Halifax  on  Thursday  -morning.  The  \  Canada  reached  Boston  last  night  at  1.04  p.m.  Her  mails  &amp;c.  will  reach  us  this  afternoon  at  4  o'clock.  From  Washington  we  learn  that  some  move movements  ments movements  were  going  .  on  in  the  Navy  Yard,  for  putting  that  force  in  better  trim,  (in  case  of  need.)  It  is  said  that  the  United  States  Navy  does  not  possess  one  steamer  of  war  that  is  in  a  fit  state  to  cross  the  Atlantic.  One  of  the  leading  I;ew  York  papers,  on  the  14 STYLE=superscript  th  inst  „ STYLE=superscript  states  that  Mr.  Dobbin,  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  had  on  Thur  s  day  last,  visited  the  Collin's  steamer  Baltic;  he  afterwards  proceeded  to  Washington.  It  iS  Surmised  that  the  Government  intend  buying  this  vessel,  and  converting  her  into  a  steamer  of  war.  J.  11.  Young.has  been  commissioned  as  Consul  to  Curacoa.  The  Washington  Star  announces  that  James  Gordon  Bennett,  of  the  New  York  Herald,  is  a  disappointed  applicant  for  the  mission  to  France.  General  Dix  is  to  be  released  from  the  office  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury  at  New  ,  Yolk.  General  Almonte  Mexican  Minister  at  Wash Washington,  ington, Washington,  in  a  communication  to  the  New  York  Herald  denies  the  fact  that  Santa  Anna  entertains  the  notion  of  the  substitution  of  Empire  for  the  pre present  sent present  existing  Republic.  Advices  have  reached  Washington  .  stating  that  Yellow  Fever  had  d  broken  out  near  - STYLE=superscript  the  Naval  Ren  desvous  at  Fell's  Point,  Baltimore.  The  Govern Government  ment Government  have  been  informed  of  serious  troubles  having  broken  out  in  the  Cherokee  nation  ;  a  portion  of  the  natives  were  in  arms  against  the  Government,  and  had  killed  two  of  Ross's  party.  Some  heavy  snow  had  fallen  in  New  Hampshire;  a  letter  from  that  place,  dated  on  the  12th  inst.  says  that  Mount  Washington  was  covered  to  the  •  depth  of  two  feet.  Since  my  last  advices  per  the  America,  com commercial  mercial commercial  affairs  in  New  York  have  been  wildly  ex-.  cited.  The  demand  for  money  has  become  greater,  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21,  Oxford—street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Liverpool.  WEDNESDAY,  OCTOBER  26,  1863."
