text
"MONDAY,  DECEMBER  26,  1853  NOTWITHSTANDING  the  auguries  of  some,  and  the  misgivings  of  others,  we  have  passed  the  first  three  months  of  our  existence  !  When  the  idea  was  mooted  of  a  daily  paper  being  established  in  the  North  of  England,  we  confess  it  was  regarded  as  perfectly  Utopian.  Some  shook  their  heads— headsothers  others headsothers  shrugged  their  shoulders  ;  some  smiled— smiledothers  others smiledothers  looked  .serious  ;  some  exclaimed  Don't  attempt  it  whilst  others  we  have  no  doubt  re regarded  garded regarded  its  originators  to  some  extent  as  non  combos  naentis  !  For  the  honor  of  Liverpool  we  are  happy  'to  say  those  have  been  disappointed.  - STYLE=superscript  Never  did  Sibyl  prophecy  more  falsely.  Never  has  divination  proved  less  prescient.  The  extraordinary  advantages  conferred  by  a  daily  journal  have,  after  a  few  months,  been  seen  and  appreciated  by  the  inhabitants  of  this  great  town,  who,  it  gives  us  great  pleasure  to  state,  have  neither  been  slow  in  acknowledging  nor  backward  in  rewarding  our  efforts.  Indeed,  perhaps  no  newspaper  during  the  short  period  of  its  existence  has  experienced  such  a  degree  of  public  support  and  public  encouragement.  Not  only  have  we  won  golden  from  those  whose  political  faith  and  liberal  sentiments  harmonised  in  a  great  measure  with  our  own—but  we  have  drawn  encomiums  from  others  decidedly  hostile  in'politics  •  and  Conservative  in  principle—who  nevertheless  give  us  credit  for  boldness  of  speech  and  freedom  from  party  feelings  or  sectarian  bias.  In  our  preliminary  address  ,to  the'public  we  laid  down  a  line  of  policy  for  ourselves  from  which  we  have  neer  swerved.  We  made  a  bold  declaration  of  our  social  and  political  creed  ;  and  we  have  faith  fully  and  undeviatingly  abided  by  our  profession.  'We  shall  continue  so  to  do  through  every  circum circumstance  stance circumstance  and  in  every  emergence—abandoning  our  principles  only  with  ourpens.  If  probity  of  purpose  —honesty  of  action  —liberality  of  thought  can  win  the  last  !  laboured  and  recondite  tomes  of  ancient  sages,.  or  the  teeming  productions  of  modern-  genius.  The  Newspaper  Press  of  the  country  now  essays  to  perform  the  office  of  public  instructor;  and  men  look  up  to  it  not  merely  as  the  repertory  of  re remarkable  markable remarkable  occurrences,  but  as  the  creator  of  opinion  —the  scrutator  of  events—and  the  inculcator  of  morals.  What  a  striking  contrast  between  jour  nalism  in  Queen  ANNE'S  And  that  in  Queen  VICTORIA'S  time  !  One  cannot  help  smiling  when  looking  over  the  newspaper  collection  at  the  Bri British  tish British  Museum,  and  perusing  the  editorial  trash  contained  in  the  Craftsman,  Postboy,  and  The  British  Apollo  !  Lord  !  how  one  stares  !  One  indeed  then  feels  that  the  world  has  changed,  and  that  the  phases  of  English  society  have  undergone  a  thorough  and  complete  revolution  !  Truly  the  Newspaper  Press  is  daily  becoming  all  and  all  to  us—our  Church—our  Senate—our  whole  social  constitution.  Topics  and  themes—theorems  and  theories—formerly  considered  out  of  place  except  drawled  from  the  pulpit,  or  dogmatised  from  the  professor's  chair,  are  now  carefully  examined,  and  coolly  descanted  upon  by  journalists.  The  true  POPE  of  says  THOMAS  CARLYLE,  is  not  that  feeble  old  man  in  Rome,  nor  is  its  AUTOCRAT  the  NAPOLEON,  the  NICHOLAS,  with  his  half  million  of  obedient  bayonets,  but  that  man  the  real  or  seeming  wisest  of  the  past  age,  crowned  after  death,  who  finds  his  hierarchy  of  authors,  his  clergy  of  assiduous  journalists,  whose  decretals  are  written  not  on  parchment,  on  the  living  souls  of  In  Queen  ELIZABETH'S  time,  if  she  wanted  to  bring  about  any  political  measure  she  had  recourse  to  a  little  jesuitical  stratagem  known  as  the  pulpits  !  She  issued  her  orders  to  her  clergy,  and  they,  as  a  matter  of  coursaiand  to  'the  best  of  their  ability  performed  her  behests.  The  measure,  whatever  its  tendency,  was  carried  nentine  contradicente  .  Now,  only  fancy  how  futile  similar  attempts  would  prove  at  the  present  day  !  Neither  QUEEN  nor  Government  any  longer  rules  this  country.  It  is  governed  by  the  popular  intelligence_  and  will;  and  that  will  and  intelligence  are  chiefly  formed  by  the  Newspaper  Press  !  Journalists  of  the  present  day  do  not  confine  themselves  to  the  exclusive  discussion  of  social  or  political  questions.  Whatever  relates  to  man  is  no  longer  uninteresting  to  them.  Hence  they  take  a  scope  wide  as  the  univ  erse,  and  commensurate  with  the  aims  and  destiny  of  the  race.  Ethical  philosophy,  no  less  than  .  political  economy,  en engross  gross engross  their  pen.  Some  diva  into  the  depths  of  metaphysics—others  hesitate  not  to  descant,  like  ADDISON,  upon  the  .  highest  and  noblest  of  all  sciences.  And  why  not  ?  the  glory  of  says  THAOKERAY,  be  sung  o'nly  by  gentlemen  in  black  coats  ?  Must  the  truth  be  '  only  expounded  in  gown  and  surplice,  and  out  of  those  two  vestments  can  nobody  preach  it  Journalists  now  are  the  teachers  and  preachers— preachersthe  the preachersthe  apostles  and  inspirers  of  mankind.  Theirs  is  an  onerous  and  ponderous  office.  They  cannot  es estimate  timate estimate  it  too  highly,  or  love  it  too  we!l.  High  and  beautiful  is  the  lot  of  the  Instructor  of  the  People  His  lyre  is  the  world,  and  the  strings  on  which  he.  plays  are  the  souls  of  men.  One  of  the  finest  panegyrics  ever  passed  upon  a  free  press  was  made  by  SHE  RIDAN,  in  one  of  his  in inimitable  imitable inimitable  speeches  in  the  Senate  Chamber.  Give  them,  (he  observed)  a  corrupt  House  of  Com 'Com'  mons—give  them  a  tyrannical  prince—give  them  a  truckling  court—and  let  me  have  act  unfettered  Press,  and  I  will  defy  them  to  encroach  a  hairs 'hairs'  breadth  upon  the  liberties  of  And  no  doubt  this  is  the  most  secure  and  impregnable  bulwark  the  Constitution  or  the  country  can  have.  There  are  but  two  forces  in  the  world,  the  Sabre  and  the  Pen,  and  the  latter  invariably  triumphs  no  matter  how  vigorous  or  prolonged  the  contest  The  victorious  Sword  at  length  boWs  to  the  vic victorious  torious victorious  Thought  !—a  truth  which  the  Emperor  NICHOLAS  will  yet  learn  to  his  cost.  No  nation  can.  flourish  in  this  epoch  when  the  Press  is  not  pre predominant..  dominant.. predominant..  In  thOse  countries  where  it  is  either'  partially  interdicted,  or  else  placed  under  govern government  ment government  espionage,  we  observe  the  natural  and  pal palpable  pable palpable  results,  in  the  absence  of  commercial  pros prosperity  perity prosperity  and  the  mental  and.  physical  inanition  of  their  inhabitants.  On  the  other  hand,  where  it  is  free  and  unfettered  and  healthy  in  its  tone,  we  find  the  fruits  of  social  prosperity,  energy,  happiness,  and  progress  in  luxurious  bloom.  Oh  !  it  is  a  fear fearful  ful fearful  thing  for  any  Government,  AUTOCRAT,  or  POPE,  to  obstruct  Goo's  light  from  the  souls  of  men.  Of  old  the  Scythian  slaves  had  their  eyes  destroyed  in  order  that  they  might  work  the  harder.  But  to  extinguish  the  human  understanding,  or  place  barriers  in  the  way  ofhuman  mentality,  is  a  far  more  barbarous  crime.  Who  art  thou,  0  man  !  that  thou  should'st  thus  darken  thy  brother's  soul?  Yet  this  abominable  practice  is  with  the  utmost  hardihood  carried  into  effect  every  day.  The  policy  is  trans-.  parent.  - STYLE=superscript  Rotten  thrones  and  tottering  dynasties  are  only  upliolden  by  such  nefarious  means.  The  light  of  intelligence  would  destroy  them,  just  as  the  sun  in  ascending  the  heavens  disperses  the  black  shadows  of  night.  Too  many  Continental  Govern Governments,  ments, Governments,  now-a-days,  ad  opt  the  apparently  politic,  but  invariably  fatal,  opinion  of  Cardinal  RICHELIEU  that  subjects  with  knowledge  and  reason  were  monstrous  as  beasts  with  an  hundred  eyes,  and  that  such  would  never  bear  their  burden  In  the  great  Republic  of  America  that  country  of  unexampled  progress—the  newspapers  are  al almost  most almost  unlimited.  Brother  JONATHAN,  whatever  be  his  faults—and  what  'country  is  'faultless  ?  is  not  slow  to  recognise  the  inestimable  advantages  con confessed  fessed confessed  by  journalism.  Hence  whilst  Great  Britain  and  Ireland  can  only  number,soo,.the  United  States  can  boast  of  1,800  newspapers  !  Will  it  be  denied  that  herein  lies  not  only  a  direct  proof  Of  American  progress,  but  an  unfailing  assurance  of  her  ultimate  consolidation  and  political  power?  Would  that  the  British  Government  would  see  the  propriety,  policy,  and  equity  of  removing  all  fiscal  taxation  off  the  Press  of  this  country.  The  Press  taxed  and  bread breadstuffs  stuffs breadstuffs  free  in  1853  !  Incredible  !  We  cannot  conclude  without  tendering  our  ac acknowledgments  knowledgments acknowledgments  to  our  subscribers  and  readers  for  the  amount  of  sympathy  and  support  they  hay(  bestowed  upon  our  exertions  for  the  public  benefit  We  trust  we  shall  continue  to  merit  their  good  offices,  confidence,  and  esteem.  We  shall  pursue  the  same  liberal  course—continue  the  same  en enlightened  lightened enlightened  policy—advocate  the  same  popular  and  progresSive  views.  We  shall  labour  for  and.with  the  public  iu  every  national  and  social  undertaking,  lnd  shall  stand  by  the  colours  we  have  hoisted  to  The  most  important  feature  in  the  long  list  of  IF  ()veil  Lit.  113%  ial  ini  which  was  the  only  ship  channel,  connecting  them  with  the  ocean,  they  possessed.  - STYLE=superscript  In  addition  to  these  the  republics  of  Peru  and  Bolivia,  with  a  population  of  3,000,000  expressed  a.  strong  desire  for  greater  freedom  of  intercourse  with  commer commercial  cial commercial  countries,  while  the  government  of  Ecuador  denied  openly  the  right  of  Brazil  to  prevent  the  vessels  of  any  nation  from  trading  with  the  people  by  the  mouth  of  the  Amazon,  any  more  than  they  had  by  that  of  the  Guayas.  Thus  surrounded  by  claimants  and  disputants  whose  pretensions  were  warmly  advocated  by  the  representatives  of  the  United  States,  the  Brazilian  government  were  compelled  to  concede  that  which  they  had  so  long  refused  to  their  own  subjects  and  those  of  the  adjoining,  and  the  European  States.  In  dealing  with  the  question  it  was  not  required  of  Brazil,  however,  that  she  should  open  her  ports  on  the  Amazon  to  vessels  of  any  other  nation,  or  that  she  should  forego  ally  of  the  advantages  she  derived  from  her  geographical  position  in  carrying  out  her  commercial  pursuits  on  the  contrary,  her  right  to  lay  a  perpetual  em embargo  bargo embargo  on  commerce  in  her  own  ports  was  fully  re recognised.  cognised. recognised.  But  her  right  to  exclude  the  other  nations  similarly  circumstanced  to  herself,  and  whose  very  existence  mainly  depend  on  the  full  enjoyment  of  the  only  line  of  navigable  commu communication  nication communication  with  those  other  nations  was  very  signifi significantly  cantly significantly  and  very  properly  questioned.  In  speaking  of  the  navigation  of  this  stupendous  river,  we  are  almost  lost  in  its  beauty  and  magnitude.  By  the  free  navigation  of  the  Amazon,  a  territory  equal  to  2,048,480  square  miles,  well  watered,  and  perhaps  the  healthiest  in  the  world,  is  rendered  ac acccissible  ccissible acccissible  to  the  home-seeking  emigrant—the  enter enterprising  prising enterprising  merchant—the  hardy  gold-digger—the  more  skilful  miner,  artizan,  and  ship-builder.  Of  this  vast  territory,  now  added  to  the  possessions  of  ci civilisation,  vilisation, civilisation,  the  nations  lying  immediately  round  the  Brazilian  frontier,  occupy  about  800,000  square  miles.  In  this  broad  area  of  land  we  find  all  the  elements  of  an  illimitable  commerce  and  successful  trade.  In  the  immense  expanse  of  the  eastern  plains  and  slopes  of  the  Andes,  which  are  watered  by  this  majestic  stream,  in  addition  to  the  valuable  mines  of  Potosi,  an  endless  supply  of  gold  and  silver  are  only  waiting  for  capital,  Machinery,  and  labor,  to  add  millions  of  bullion  to  our  present  in increasing  creasing increasing  stock.  But  to  the  manufacturer,  the  ship-owner,  and  the  ship-builder,  the  opening  of  the  Amazon  pre.  Bents  an  endless  source  of  employment  for  capital,  time,  and  skill.  The  unfolding  of  the  internal  re resources  sources resources  of  the  hitherto  hidden  countries  on  tyre  upper  tributaries  of  the  Amazon,  or  the  Maranon,  as  it  is  called  throughout  South  America,  will  lead  to  an  exchange  of  commodities  which  must  impart  new  life  to  our  powers  of  production—our  means  of  transit,  and  to  our  natural  disposition  to STYLE=superscript  increase  the  numbers  and  capacity  of  our  merchant  ships.  In  measuring  the  powers  of  consumption  in  distant  nations,  we  must  not  be  guided  so  much  by  what  they  have  accomplished  while  laboring  under  re restrictive  strictive restrictive  embargoes,  but  by  the  quantity  of  products  they  Can  send  forward,  under  circumstances  which  leave  but  ono  problem  to  solve  ;  namely,  the  means  of  transit  or  the  power  of  distribution.  For  this  purpose  the  trunk  of  the  Amazon  seems  to  have  been  designed  by  nature  to  provide  for  the  greatest  emergency  the  people  inhabiting  its  banks  have  to  contend  with.  Steamers  of  the  first  class  can  navigate  its  waters  for  a  distance  of  3,500  miles,  while  its  forty fortyfive  five fortyfive  tributaries,  more  particularly  the  Beni,  Ma_  deira,  Ucayali,  Huallaga,  Pastaza,  Napo,  Japuras,  Rio  Negro,  and  Putamayo,  divide  and  subdivide  the  whole  face  of  the  land  with  a  sufficient  depth  of  water  to  carry  the  largest  steamers  to  the  pier pierheads  heads pierheads  of  every  village  or  hamlet  on  their  banks.  Here,  -  then,  is  a  field  for  the  ship  builder,  and  those  who  only  await  a  favorable  opening  to  be  come  ship-owners.  In  this  promising  direction  we  must  naturally  expect  to.  meet  a  long  season  of  competition  from  the  States,  but  as  they  can  neither  carry  all  or  consume  one-tenth  of  the  products  of  the  vast  valley  of  the  Maranon,  Great  Britain  -  must  participate  largely  in  that  keen  dip diplomacy  lomacy diplomacy  which  may  be  said  ..to  be  one  hundred  years  in  advance  of  that  of  the  English  govern government.  ment. government.  In  all  that  we  have  read  on  the  subject  of  a  no  gotiation  fraught  with  so  many  startling  advan advantages  tages advantages  to  civilisation,,  we  have  not'been  able  to  trace  one  word  from  our  Foreign-office.  Nor  are  we  at  all  certain  that  our  Minister  at  Pao  Janeiro  is  taking  the  least  pains  to  see  British  . STYLE=superscript  interests  in  the  opening  of  the  navigation  of  South  America  placed  on  the  same  footing  those  of  the  most  favoured  But  this  is  one  of  the  first  sub subjects  jects subjects  that  must  be  inquired  into  immediately  on  the  opening  of  Parliament.  The  navigation  of  a  far  less  stream  is  of  much  greater  importance  to  England  than  it  is  even  to  the  United.  States.  The  creation  of  new  vents  and  markets  for  our  prodigous  productions  is  the  real  safety  left  for  •  their  existence.  When  the  spirit  of  enterprise  which  hes  marked  our  career  for  the  last  century  seized  upon  our  country,  it  was  backed  by  those  great  and  comprehensive  views  which  left  no  rational  idea  of  doubt  as  to  the  expansion  of  which  legitimate  trade  and  commerce  wen;  susceptible.  But  the  sagacity  that  saw  the  greatness  and  success  which  was  then  looming  in  the  distant  future  has  forsaken  the  haunts  of  our  statesmen,  and  the  ad advancement  vancement advancement  which  we  may  hencefOrth  expect  ap  pears  destined  to  be  forced  upon  us  bythe  wisdom  of  the  councils  of  other  lands.  A  new  treaty  of  trade  and  navigation  between  Great  Britain  and  Brazil  is  now  indispensible,  and  let  us  hope  that  if  it  should  be  entered  upon  even  at  the  thirteenth  hour,  that  it  will  embrace  all  those  points  which  America  has  secured,  and  which  are  of  such  vital  importance  to  the  capital,  skill,  and  industry  of  the  British  people.  EAST  GLOUCESTERSIIIRE.—Mr.  Holland,  Liberal,  and  Sir  M.  11.  Beach,  have  expressed  an  intention  of  going  to  the  poll.  The  last  contest  for  the  division  was  in  1834.  NOVEL  IMPORTATION.-Thirty  puncheons  of  Liverpool  whiskey  have  been  imported  into  Dublin,  and  it  is  said  under  3s.  a  gallon.  TIIE  LARGEST  ASSORTMENT  IN  TOWN  OF  BOYS'  and  YOUTHS'  CLOTHING,  beautifully  made,  At  Wm.  EARP  and  CO.'S,  59,  and  61,  LORI)  STREET.  The  British  and  North  American  Royal  mail  steam-ship  Canada  sailed  on  Saturday  from  the  Mersey  for  Boston,  with  the  usual  mails,  a  large  cargo,  and  upwards  of  80  passengers.  INSTALLATION  OF  THE  LORD  BISHOP  OF  DERRY  AND  RAPHOB.—On  Monday  evening  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Derr7  and  Raphoe  arrived  at  the  deanery,  Londonderry,  attended  by  his  chaplin,  the  Rev.  William  Edwards,  and  was  installed  in  the  episcopal  throne  of  the  cathedral.  Mu.  COLEMAN'S  ENTERTAINMENT.—This  gentleman  will  repeat  his  wonderful  comic  '  mimic,  vocal,  and  scenic  en•  in  the  Music  Hall,  Bold-street,  on  Monday  vening  next,  and  during  the  week.  The  entertainment,  which  is  entitled  Masks  and  is  altogether  of  a  novel  character,  and  exceedingly  clever  and  amusing.  As  described  in  the  announcement,  it  is  graphically  of  the  men  and  manners  of  the  and  having  seen  the  enter entertainment  tainment entertainment  ourselves,_  we  can  with  confidence  state  that  an  evening  could  not  be  more  agreeably  spent.  There  are  at  present  14  officers  of  the  Woolwich  division  of  Royal  Marines  employed  on  the  recruiting  service  in  various.  parts  of  the  country,  and  they  have  been  so  successful  obtainingin  and  sending  to  head-quarters  a  number  of  fine  young  men  that  the  allowance  of  recruits  for  this  division  has  been  filled  up,  and  they  are  now  acquiring  a  knowledge  of  the  duties  of  the  profession  they  have  chosen  torrit  , STYLE=superscript  ,ry  M1,1;10  r  'AcTos,—Aftcr  inneb.  diffi diffi-11..c,,,d,tt  -11..c,,,d,tt diffi-11..c,,,d,tt  iit  ideptifyiug.  hie  body.  it  1:;10,1  :IEI-.41  11111•Se.11,,ir  1111  ' STYLE=superscript  1,  I'lst  :I_''  rl'  14  vrars,  1.11..  List  ei2.llt  rvail  in  the  pine,  /1,1,  rind  a  deseiiption  of  the  I..fdy  f.tind  at  .\,•t.i  ii  ,  hastened  thither,  awl  identilied  it  a,  L1i,,1  I  . STYLE=superscript  him  illiivein4;lll,l7"
