text
"RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  PROGRESS  OF  EVENTS.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  - STYLE=superscript  PARTS,  THIIRSVAY,—  A  private  letter  from  St.  vetersburg,  of  the  19th,  affirms  that  the  exchange  of  the  ratifications  of  an  offensive  and  defensive  treaty  between  the  governments  of  the  Shah  of  Persia  and  Russia,  took  place  on  the  evening  of  the  18th  inst.  At  Constantinople  it  was  expected  that  in  the  Meeting  of  the  Divan  on  the  22nd,  the  question  of  all  armistice  would  be  negatived.  The  refusal  to  renew  the  old  treaties  in  any  way  Whatever  is  not  positive,  and  hopes  of  negoci negociiltions  iltions negociiltions  are  consequently  entertained  at  Vienna.  It  is  stated  that  the  Ulemas  had  refused  to  sup-  Ply  the  Turkish  Government  with  the  amount  of  Money  they  require,  if  a  loan  cannot  be  raised  abroad.  FURTHER  PARTICULARS.  All  military  operations  on  the  Danube  have  stopped.  Omar  Pacha  and  his  army  are  at  their  winter  quarters  of  Schumla.  Ismail  Pacha,  how however,  ever, however,  still  occupies  Kalafat,  on  the  Wallachian  side  of  the  Danube.  He  has  there  well  entrenched  him himself  self himself  and  his  army  of  25,000  men.  It.  is  thought  the  Russians  will  attack  him  there  before  spring.  This  will  not  so  much  depend  upon  them  as  upon  the  weather.  The  country  round  renders  the  trans-  Port  of  artillery  at  this  season  very  difficult.  The  rumoured  attempt  to  burn  the  combined  fleets  in  the  Bosphorus  is  stated  in  two  ways,  nei neither  ther neither  of  which  sustain  the  original  report.  First  it  said  that  a  schooner  was  detected  entering  the  Bos Bosphorus;  phorus; Bosphorus;  having  divers  on  board,  whose  business  it  Was  to  attach  combustible  matter  to  the  ships  then  anchored,  which  would  blow  them  up.  Another  story,  and  perhaps  the  more  probable  , STYLE=superscript  that  a  Bus  - STYLE=superscript  ,  Sian  schooner  has  this  v  ery  evening  been  driven  by  stress  of  weather  to  take  refuge  in  the  Bosphorus.  The  captain  took  the  precaution  to  throw  his  guns  overboard,  thinking  to  make_  the.  the  sCnooner  was  a  trading  ves vessel.  sel. vessel.  The  Turks  have  taken  provisional  possession  of  it,  placing  forty  men  on  board.  The  general  opinion  in  Paris  seems  to  be  that  Russia  will  not  take  any  course  which  shall  prevent  a  general  war.  A  letter  from  Erzeroum  in  the  Patrie  states  that  at  the  instigation  of  the  Russian  charge  craffaires,  all  English,  French,  German,  and  Italian  officers  serving  in  the  Persian  army  have  been  dismissed.  According  to  the  Presse,  the  excitement  for  war  was  as  strong  as  ever  in  the  Turkish  capital.  The  Pays  gives  the  letter  of  the  Russian  admiral  Nachimoff,  to  the  Austrian  consul  at  Sinope,  in  which  he  professes  tolia.ve  had  no  hostile  intentions  against  the  city.  The  Pays  We  ask  our ourselves,  selves, ourselves,  in  reading  this  strange  dispatch,  what  serious  Man  Admiral  Nachimoff  hopes  to  deceive  ?  To  say  that  he  had  no  hostile  intention  against  a  town  which  he  had  just  reduced  to  ashes,  and  against  a  Port  which  he  leaves  devastated,  is  in  truth  the  height  of  From  the  Turkish  official  account  of  the  affair  of  Sinope,  we  extract  the  following  :  In  the  midst  of  this  battle  there  chanced  to  be  an  English  merchant-ship  laden  with  copper,  and  although  they  hoisted  the  British  flag,  the  Russians  did  not  pay  any  attention  to  it,  but  sunk  her  by  firing  at  her.  One  of  the  men  belonging  to  this  ship  was  killed  ;  the  rest,  together  with  the  captain,  Were  brought  here  by  the  Retribution.  The  Constantinople  correspondent  of  the  Chron Chronicle  icle Chronicle  notices  ministerial  changes,  more  or  less  alluded  to  in  all  communications  from  the  Turkish  Capital.  Rumours  of  changes  of  I  only  allude  to  as  not  improbable,  but  Jiy  no  means  certain.  Reschid  Pacha,  the  actual  Reis  Effendi,  (minister  of  foreign  affairs)  is  to  be  elevated  to  the  rank  of  grand  vizier  ;  Ali  Pacha  , STYLE=superscript  (late  g  ove STYLE=superscript  r  nor,of STYLE=superscript  Smyrna)  to  be  minister  of  foreign  affairs  ;  and  Riza  Pacha,  minister  of  war,  in  the  place  of  Mehemet  Ali  Paella,  (brother-in-law  of  the  Sultan.)  This  would  be  the  most  important  change  im imaginable—it  aginable—it imaginable—it  would  signify  peace.  Mehemet  Ali  is,  perhaps,  the  most  belligerent  man  in  the  Sultan's  dominions.  Dost  Mahommed  has  sent  a  . STYLE=superscript  demand  to  Persia,  that  that  power  should  restore  Herat  to  his  Protege  Hussein.  The  ,  Imaum  of  Muscat  re refuses  fuses refuses STYLE=superscript  to  pay  tribute  to  Persia,  for  his  Salt  tai  nes.  nli'44.ey  has  accepted  the  propositions  of  the  us  )  4:4  believe  that  anything  certain  is  known—certainly  not  by  the  French  Government.  The  only  power  that  is  believed  to  be  deep  in  the  confidence  of  the  Czar,  and  to  be  cognizant  of  the  manner  in  which  he  will  receive  these  advances,  is  Austria—and  Austria  is  silent.  The  Austrian  Minister  gives  no  indication,  makes  no  sign,  and  effects—for  no  one  believes  that  it  is  anything  but  affectation—to  be  ignorant  'of  the  designs  of  the  friend  and  protector  of  his  Imperial  master.  This  sinister  silence  gives  rise  to  misgivings  that  even  at  this  eleventh  hour  Austria  is  playing  the  game  she  is  so  well  accus accustomed  tomed accustomed  to,  and  that  her  policy,  as  of  old,  is  one  of  duplicity..  A  letter  dated  Constantinople,  the  15th  Decem December,  ber, December,  says  :  The  expedition  of  General  Prim  is  for  the  present  ter terrainated,  rainated, terrainated,  and  the  General  himself  embarks  for  France  on  the  25th  but  with  the  intention  of  returning  here  in STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  p  rin STYLE=superscript  g  tt.  Witness  the  important  events  which  will  undoubtedly  take  Place  The  flames  of  war  are  such  as  can  only  be  extin extinguishe'l  guishe'l extinguishe'l  with  The  :Ottoman  Government  has  published  its  account  .  f  the  disaster  of  Sinope,  which  does  not  Much  diVar  from•  details  already  given.  The  blogador  and  Retribution  had  brought  to  Constan Constantinople  tinople Constantinople  110  wounded  Turkish  'seamen  and  soldiers,  th  e  survivors  of  the  massacre.  1,000  men  had  been  found  on  land  at  Sinope,  120  were  made  prisoners  by  the  Russians,  and  about  3,000  men  were  slaugh slaughtered.  tered. slaughtered.  Of  the  Turkish  squadron,  seven  went  to  the  bottom  under  the  Russian  fire,  with  the  dead  and  Wounded  on  hoard  ;  two  ships  blew  up,  and  one  was  saved.  Of  their  commanders,  four  survived,  four  died  on  the  decks  of  their  respective  ships,  or  Went  living  to  the  bottom  with  them,  and  two  were  taken  alive.  An  English  merchant  vessel  which  happened  to  be  at  Sinope  was  fired  into  and  sunk  by  the  Russians,  though  she  had  hoisted  the  flag  of  her  nation,  and  one.of  her  crew  was  killed.  The  others,  with  the  captain,  were  saved  and  taken  on  board  the  Retribution  —an  ominous  name,  it  may  be,  for  Russia.  Among  the  commanders  killed  was  Ali  Bey,  of  the  Nevik  frigate,  who  having  seen  the  impossibility  of  resisting  the  Russians,  embarked  the  few  survivors  of  his  ship's  crew  on  board  the  Pinnace.  They  we  re  fired  into  by  the  Russians,  and  the  boat  blew  up  side  by  side  with  the  .frigate  t° STYLE=superscript  which  shvbelonged.  It  was  the  same  Ali  Bey  w STYLE=superscript  iln  formerly  commanded  the-  Fagli-Illah  when  she  conveyed  to  Sardinia  the  Italian  Le STYLE=superscript  g  ion STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  Hun STYLE=superscript  g  ar STYLE=superscript  y  . STYLE=superscript  The  Divan  _has,.  ordered  16  points,  of  the  coast  of  Anatolia,  in  the  Black  Sea,  to  be  fortified.  FRANCE.  (From  our  8?•oond  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  The  restrictions  imposed  on  the  importations  of  raw  Cotton  from  Great  Britain  are  abolished.  With  respect  to  :Yarn,  no  change  will  be  made  at  Present.  The  intelligence  thus  given  is  more  explicitly  conveyed  in  the  following STYLE=superscript  :—The  Moniteur  pub publishes  lishes publishes  a  decree  abolishing  the  restrictions  imposed  by  the  rescript  of  the  Bth  February,  1826,  on  raw  Cotton  imported  into  France  from  Great  Britain  and  the  British  possessions  in STYLE=superscript  Europe.  According  to  the  said  rescript  the  produce  of  Asia,  Africa,  and  America,  sent  from  England  and  her  Euro  pears  possessions  into  French  ports,  was  to  be  ad adtnitted  tnitted adtnitted  for  re-exportation  only.  THE  BOURSE  dull  at  the  opening;  closed  with  a  rise.  There  was  a  rumour  of  the  Sultan  having  authorised  Redschid  Paella  to  negotiate  for  peace  Threes  closed  at  74f.  30c.  ;  Four-and-a-half  per  Cents.,  101  t.  THE  Ruv.  RECTOR  CAMPBELL'S  LECTURE.  —Oll  last  even  1g  the  Rev.  Rector  Campbell  delivered  a  second  lecture  on  the  Iliaracteristies  of  church  music,  in  the  Philharmonic  Hall.  „the  body  of  the  hall  was  well  filled.  The  reverend  gen geng,  g, geng,  einan  briefly  referred  to  the  leading  features  of  his  first  4 STYLE=superscript  ttnre,  and  in  an  equally  brief,  but  dear,  manner  pointed.  °tit  the  difference  between  the  parochial  and  choral  or  ca-  Iliedral  services.'  'For  the  proper  intonation  of  the  prayers  be  observed  three  qualities  were  requisite  :  a  good  voice,  a  YOrrect  air,  and  assiduous  practice—qualities  very  seldom,  indeed  found  in  one  clergyman.  He  then  traced  the  develop:  meat  of  cathedral  music,  through  all  its  phases,  from  its  ''at  introduction  into  the  Christian  church,  up  to  the  pre pre%it  %it pre%it  time,  and  at  intervals  he  paused,  in  order  that  the  choir,  ( STYLE=superscript  .  I STYLE=superscript  zposed  of  some  sixty  members  of  the  society,  might  illustrat  e  his  propositions  by  their  performance.  For  this  Purpose  they  sung  the  chant,  the  double  and  hiugle  chant,  a  Te  Detim;  &amp;c.,  which  called  forth  from  the  4b.cli STYLE=superscript  ence  warm  and  deserved  applause,  and  from  the  Rev:  entlednan  himself  a  flattering  compliment,  on  the  correct correct-441  -441 correct-441 STYLE=superscript  with  which  they  executed  the  various  pieces.  COUNTY  COURT.  V  -  _  FSTERDiT.  Before  JosEPH  POLLOCK,  Esq.,  Judge.  WOLFE  V.  SHARTB.--Inlhis  case  Louis  Wolfe,  the  plain plaintiff,  tiff, plaintiff,  a  chronometer-maker,  living  in  South  Castle-street,  claimed  £5O  from  Captain  William  Sharpe,  Old  Church Churchyard,  yard, Churchyard,  shipowner.  The  claim  was  for  a  chronometer,  ordered  by  the  defendant  of  plaintiff,  and  for  money  paid  by  the  plaintiff  on  defendant's  account.  Mr.  AsPINALL  appeared  for  the  plaintiff.  Before  the  case  had  been  fully  stated,  a  consent  was  given  on  the  part  of  defendant,  that  a  verdict  should  be  entered  for  the  plaintiff  for  £35  and  costs.  WIENER  v.  Donnu.s.--The  plaintiff  in  this  case,  Conrad  Wisner,  a  beerseller  living  at  No.  2,  Bank  - STYLE=superscript  street,  sum summonad  monad summonad  Daniel  Dobelis  publican,  1,  Boundary-place,  Lon London-road,  don-road, London-road,  for  £2l.  The  claim  was  for  the  good-will  and  fixtures  of  the  house  occupied  by  the  defendant  in  Boun Boundary-street.  dary-street. Boundary-street.  Mr.  Hughes  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Simon,  barrister,  represented  the  defendant.  It  appeared  that  in  the  month  of  October  last,  plaintiff  instructed  a  commission  agent,  named  Williams,  to  obtain  a  tenant  for  his  house  in  Boundary-street.  Mr.  Williams  had  an  inter interview  view interview  with  the  defendant,  and  gays  him  the  key  of  the  house,  in  order  that  he  might  look  at  it,  informing  him  at  the  same  time,  that  if  he  did  not  return  the  key,  he  would  have  to  pay  £2l  for  the  rod  -will  and  fixtures  of  the  house.  The  de defendant  fendant defendant  remained  in  possession  of  the  house,  but  refused  to  pay  for  the  good-will.  Mr.  Williams  corroborated  the  evi evidence  dence evidence  of  plaintiff.  Mr.  Simon  cross-examined  the  witness,  to  show  that  Wisner  was  not  the  tenant  of  the  house,  and  that  Dobells  had  taken  it  from  Mr.  Summers.  His  HoNon  said  it  was  a  case  in  which  he  had  no  juris jurisdiction,  diction, jurisdiction,  and  gave  a  non-suit.  WELCH  v.   was  an  action  brought  by  Arthur  Welch  and  his  wife,  to  •  recover  £l5  from  Michael  M'Caffrey  and  his  wife,  as  damages  for  false  impri impri`sonment.  `sonment. impri`sonment.  Mr.  Aspinall  appeared  for  the  plaintiffs,  and  Mr.  Brotherton  for  the  defendants.  The  claim  for  damages  was  upon  the  around  that  the  female  defendant  had  given  the  female  plaintiff  into  custody  on  the  charge  of  steal stealing  ing stealing  a  dress  on  the  18th  of  November  last.  On  that  day  oliceman  entered  the  plaintiff's  house,  and  searched  Mrs.  Welch  and  the  house,  and  not  finding  the  dress,  took  her  into  custody  and  carried  her  to  bridewell,  where  she  was  ex examined  amined examined  by  Mr.  Clough,  and,  as  there  appeared  no  foundation  for  -the  charge,  ultitnately  discharged.  Mrs.  Welch,  Mr.  M'Namara,  a  relative,  and  - STYLE=superscript  the  detective  officer  who  arrested  the  former,  were  examined;  and  the  latter  deposed  that  Mrs.  M'Caffrey  accompanied  him,  but  took  no  part  in  the  search,  and  after  he  took  the  plaintif  to  the  police-office  she  refused  to  charge  her.  It  was  from  Mr.  Clough  he  received  instruc instructions  tions instructions  to  go  Mrs.  Welch's.  — STYLE=superscript  A  verdict  was  g  iven STYLE=superscript  for STYLE=superscript  the  de-  fendants.  MANSFELDT  v.  FAZACKERLEY.—In  this  ease  the  plaintiff,  Peter  Mansfeldt,  was  a  sailor  from  Schleswig-Holstein,  and  the  defendant,  George  Fazackeley,  licensed  victualler,  Nor Norfolk-street.  folk-street. Norfolk-street.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  131.  4s.  6d.  Mr.  Hime  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Grocott  for  the  defendant.  From  the  evidence  of  the  plaintiff,  who  spoke  English  very  imperfectly,  it  appeared  that  in  the  year  1849,  he  came  to  Liverpool  with  a  sum  of  251.,  and  an  ad advance  vance advance  note  for  251.,  and  lodged  in  the  house  of  defendant,  who  then  lived  in  Mason-street.  Having  stopped  there  some  time,  the  plaintiff  went  on  a  voyage  ;  but  before  leaving  he  got  141.  from  the  defendant,  braving  a  balanc&lt;  , STYLE=superscript  of  131.  4s.  6d.  in  his  hands.  After  being  six  months  absent,  the  plaintiff  returned  to  London,  and  came  thence  to  Liverpool,  and  applied  to  defendant  for  the  money.  He  did  not  then  receive  it,  and  he  went  on  a  voyage  to  Panama.  After  his  return,  he  lodged  with  defendant  for  three  weeks,  during  which  time  his  box  was  broken  open  in  the  house,  and  161.  stolen  from  it.  He  again  applied  for  the  balance  of  his  money,  but  did  not  receive  it,  and  he  went  away  for  two  or  three  years,  after  which  he  returned  to  Liverpool  in  the  beginning  of  this  month.  He  then  applied  for  the  money,  and  was  told  that  he  had  been  paid  the  money,  and  that  he  was  in  Fazackerley's  debt  for  board  and  lodging.  The  plaintiff  was  cross-examined  by  Mr.  Grocott,  but  posi positively  tively positively  denied  that  he  had  ever  received  the  money.  A  paper,  purporting  to  be  a  receipt  for  the  money,  and  bearing  the  plaintiff's  name  and  mark,  and  the  names  of  two  persons,  Smith  and  Craig,  as  witnesses,  was  put  into  the  plaintiff's  hand,  but  he  distinctly  denied  that  he  had  ever  signed  it  or  received  the  money.  Mr.  Fazackerley,  a  person  named  Smith,  and  a  bar-maid  in  the  service  of  defendant,  were  ex examined,  amined, examined,  and  each  deposed  to  having  seen  the  plaintiff  receive  the  money  in  July,  1850,  at  the  Liverpool  races.  All  the  witnesses  admitted  that  the  plaintiff  was  a  very  sober  man,  and  stated  that  they  never  saw  him  in  drink.  The  witnesses,  when  cross-examined,  contradicted  each  other's  evidence  in  the  most  remarkable  manner  with  regard  to  the  paying  of  the  money.  His  HONOR,  in  giving  judgment,  commented  very  strongly  upon  the  nature  of  the  defence,  which  he  described  as  being  one  of  the  most  disgraceful  he  had  ever  known  in  a  court  of  justice,  and  which  was  supported  by  the  most  evident  and  manifest  perjury.  It  was  evident  that  the  whole  case  was  a  conspiracy  to  defraud  the  plaintiff,  who  appeared  a  very  sober  and  creditable  specimen  of  his  class,  of  his  money.  Fortunately,  however,  for  the  ends  of  justice,  the  three  wit witnesses  nesses witnesses  for  the  defence  were  examined  separately,  and  not  being  able  to  hear  the  evidence  of  each  other,  they  contra contra;r.  ;r. contra;r.  fhp  matariaL  partienlorq  Ifis  Honour  said  he  felt  it  his  duty  to  declare  open].)  his  opinion  as  to  the  nature  of  the  defence,  and.  the  character  of  the  evidence  given  by  these  witnesses.  He  gave  judgment  for  the  plaintiff,  with  immediate  execution,  and  said  that  if  the  plaintiff  could  speak  English  sufficiently  well  to  make  his  statement  clearly  intelligible  to  a  jury,  he  would  have  felt  it  his  duty  to  send  these  witnesses  to  be  tried  for  perjury.  His  Honour  added  that  he  thought  it  right  to  separate  distinctly  'the  case  from  the  advocate,  whose  misfortune  it  was  to  have  had  such  a  case,  and  expressed  his  approval  of  the  manner  in  which  Mr.  Grocott  had  conducted  the  defence,  he  having  evidently  given  the  parties  no  temptation  to  depart  from  the  truth.  FAIRCLOUGH  1).  BOND.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  Mews.  Fairclough,  as  owners  o!  the  vessel  Vixen,  against  the  defendant,  a  pilot,  to  recover  £l5  for  the  cost  of  repairing  damage  done  to  that  vessel,  owing  to  alleged  negligence  upon  the  part  of  the  pilot.  Mr.  Aspinall,  with  Mr.  Almond,  appeared  for  the  plaintiffs,  and  Mr.  Bremner  for  the  defendant.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  of  Captain  Nicoll,  master  of  the  'Vixen,  that  he  left  this  port  for  Glasgow,  upon  the  19th  of  last  November,  with  the  defendant  as  pilot.  The  pilot  required  a  steam-tug  although  other  vessels  went  out  the  same  day  without  one.  The  Vixen  came  into  collision  with  a  vessel  lying  moored  in  the  river,  and  it  was  contended  that  the  collision  arose  altogether  through  the  default  of  the  pilot.  Mr.  Fairclough,  one  of  the  owners  deposed,  to  the  cost  of  the  repairs,  and  stated  that  he  had  made  the  bill  a  very  low  one,  as  he  did  did  not  wish  to  press  heavily  upon  the  pilot,  believing  that  he  would  have  come  in  end  made  some  arrangement  in  the  matter.  Mr.  Fairclough  also  stated  that  he  saw  the  vessel  leaving  the  docks  and  it  was  his  impression  that  she STYLE=superscript  ke STYLE=superscript  p  t STYLE=superscript  too  far  over  to  'the  Cheshire  side.  The  pilot  afterwards  stated  that  the  accident  was  caused  by  his  being  pressed  too  much  to  the  westward  by  the  pilot  of  another  vessel,  the  Sir  Charles  Napier,  which  was  going  out  at  the  same  time.  Witness  replied  that  if  he  had  kept  mid-channel,  the  accident  would  not  have  happened.  Mr.  Bremner  ha  , STYLE=superscript  -ing  spoken  at  some  length  f  2/  the  defence,  the  pilot  was  e  xamined  and  deposed  tharthe  Vixen  was  pressed  close  to  the  shore  by  the  Sir  Charles  Napier,  which  had  come  out  of  dock  at  the  same  time,  and  that  he,  waved  his  hand  to  her  to  keep  off,  but  his  signal  was  not  attended  to.  -If  the  signal  had  been  attended  to,  or  if  the  steam-tug  which  was  towing  the  Vixen  had  acted  properly,  the  collision  with  the  brig  would  net  have  occurred.  The  pilot  stated  that  he  made  every  exertion  in  his  power  to  prevent  the  collision.  In  answer  to  Mr.  ASPINALL,  the  witness  stated  that  he  had  never  heard  it  was  against  the  orders  of  the  pilot  regu-'  Wiens  to  take  a  vessel,  with  a  fair  wind,  outward  bound,  to  the  westward,  and  that  he  was  keeping  the  vessel  in  mid midchannel  channel midchannel  as  much  as  pass  ible  until  the  Sir  Charles  Napier  pressed  upo  n  h  er  .  As  soon  as  he  saw  the  brig  he  called  out  to  the  steamer  to  slow.  William  Friag,  master  of  the  Duke  of  Sus  sex STYLE=superscript  steamer, STYLE=superscript  b STYLE=superscript  y  which  the  Vixen  was  towed,  was  also  examined,  and  de deposed  posed deposed  that  he  could  not  stop  the  steamer,  as  ho  was  a  fraid STYLE=superscript  the  Vixen  w  ou  ld  run  into  him,  for  the  wind  was  freshening.  Saw  the  pilot  several  times  wave  his  hand  to  the  Sir  Charles  Napier  to  keep  off,  and  witness  had  made  a  similar  signal  •before.  In  the  course  which  the  Vixen  originally  took  be bedanhs  danhs bedanhs  was,c  a  ah  i  v  d  oe:  t  gra  be before  fore before  the  Sir  Charles  Napier  pressed  on  her,  they  were  quite  p  clear  of  the  vessels  lying  at  anchor.  ehn  a  vt  p  de  p  tnhb  e  t  a  y:  rdepndiohl  not  oi  pilot  t  h  of  i  r  m  ohma  t  sv  hi  ei  t  tni  an  t  ek  h  gr  eea  e  nd  sr  question  iseuvdec  nhaiumapebo  t  ain  o  ..  s  HONOR STYLE=superscript  der  oa  e  u  d  l  be  considered  slieyeTseasssTewhl  at  was  the  first  question.  doing  The  second  question  was,  was  that  the  duty  of  any  one  else  as  well  as  the  pilot  ?  He  asked  if  any  other  evidence  was  to  be  produced  ?  Mr.  BREMNER  said  they  had  the  mate  of  the  steamer  and  another  man  who  was  on  board.  His  HONOR  :  What  can  they  prove  ?  Mr.  BREM?rER  :  The  same  thing.  Hi  s  Horton  :  Ido  not  think  there  is  any  occasion.  You  ap  p  e  ar,  indeed,  to  agree  upon  the  facts  of  the  case.  I  take  the  tale  of  the  master  to  be  a  correct  one.  Mr.  ASPINALL  then  addressed  the  court  upon  the  ques question,  tion, question,  arguing  that  the  liability  of  the  pilot  had  been  clearly  established.  His  HoNOR  said  he  should  take  some  time  to  consider  his  judgment,  as  the  point  appeared  to  be  different  from  what  he  had  heard  before,  nor  did  he  know  that  any  of  the  autho authorities  rities authorities  exactly  bore  on  it.  Mr.  BREMNER  said  he  had  carefully  looked  through  the  reports,  and  he  could  not  find  any  case  where  the  point  at  issue  was  exactly  parallel  to  that  on  which  this  case  rested.  His  Holson  ;  I  may  tell  you  at  once  what  I  consider  the  facts  to  be.  I  find  the  facts  to  be  these.  The  pilot  was  in  charge  of  this  vessel  ;  he  was  pressed  upon  by  th  e  Sir  Charles  Napier.  He  endeavoured  to  warn  the  Sir  Charles  Napier  not  to  press  upon  him.  He  must,  for  this  purpose,  be  taken  to  have  known  that  th  ere STYLE=superscript  were STYLE=superscript  vessels  in  such  a  position  that  if  he  was  compelled  to  continue  starboarding,  he  must  at  least  run  in  danger  of  a  collision  with  one  of  these  vessels,  Notwithstandmg  his  remonstrance  the  Sir  Charles  Napier  did  press  upon  him.  He STYLE=superscript  pursued  his  coarse,  under  the  impression  that  the  Sir  Charles  Napier  would  That  way  before  it  became  too  late  to  avo  id STYLE=superscript  a STYLE=superscript  co  llision. STYLE=superscript  That  vessel  did  not  give  way,  and  then  finding  at  , STYLE=superscript  the  last"
