text
"The  cost  of  calming  out  the  higlc  level,  would  b  by  meatis  of  the  New  Street,  £142,500,  togethei  Baying  submitted  to  the  Council  these  observations,  on  the  two  plans,  the  Committee  report  their  opinion  , STYLE=superscript  that  the  rapid  increase  of  the  traffic  of  the  Town  will  very  shortly,  render  both  improvements  requisite  ;  and  having  maturely  consi considered  dered considered  the  subject,  they  therefore,'  recommend  the  Council  to  apply  to  parliament  for  powers  to  carry  out  both  plans,  and  also  the  improvements  recommended  in  the  resolution  of  the  12th  inst.  Having  also,  considered  the  reference  from  the  Council,  as  to  improvements  in  Burlington-street,  Bostock-street,  Eldon-place,  Bevington-bush  and  Lime Limekiln-lane,  kiln-lane, Limekiln-lane,  your  Committee  recommend  the  Council  to  carry  out  all  those  improvements,  except  The  MAyou  then  read  a  resolution  from  the  Improve Improvement  ment Improvement  Committee,  appointed  at  the  Town's  meeting,  ap approving  proving approving  of  the  plans  submitted  to  the  Council.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  asked  if  that  were  not  the  time  to  read  a  memorial,  very  numerously  and  respectably  signed,  which  he  had  been  requested  to  present  to  the  Council.  The  MAYon  replied  that  it  was  ;  and  the  memorial  was  accordingly  read.  It  was  from  the  inhabitants  of  Dale Dalestreet,  street, Dalestreet,  Byrom-street,  and  that  locality;  and  it  very  strongly  stated  the  objections  of  the  residents  in  those  streets  to  the  High  Level  Bridge.  The  resolution  passed  in  the  Session Sessionhouse,  house, Sessionhouse,  on  the  11th  June,  1852,  expressive  of  the  propriety  of  applying  the  surplus  revenue  of  the  Corporation  to  obtainf  an  act  to  carry  out  the  improvements  agreed  to,  was  also  read.  It  was  forwarded  to  the  Mayor,  with  a  request  that  he  would  lay  it  before  the  Council.  Mr.  BEN  NETT  then  rose  to  move  the  adoption  of  the  report  of  the  Improvement  Committee.  He  said  he  was  glad  that  these  two  documents  had  been  read,  and  that  now  that  the  subject  was  before  the  Council,  and  before  the  bill  was  framed,  the  Committee  would  have  the  advantage  of  hearing  the  opinions  of  the  different  members  of  the  Council  who  took  an  interest  in  it.  In  accordance  with  the  instructions  of  the  Council  at  its  last  meeting,  the  Improvement  Com Committe  mitte Committe  had  gone  very  fully  into  the  consideration  of  the  im improvements  provements improvements  referred  to  them  ;  and  the  minutes  which  had  been  read,  had  been  almost  unanimously  carried  in  the  Committee.  There  was  a  difference  of  opinon,  certainly,  amongst  the  members  as  to  the  desirability  of  constructing  a  bridge  over  Shaw's  Brow,  in  preference  to  the  cutting  off  of  a  portion  of  the  Brow,  so  at  to  get  moderate  levels  without  the  con construction  struction construction  of  a  bridge  at  all  ;  and  as  the  Council  would  decide  between  them  that  day,  so,  of  course,  would  the  bill  be  drawn.  He  would  now  read  the  list  of  the  different  im improvements,  provements, improvements,  omitting  those  which  had  been  agreed  to  at  the  last  Council,  and  the  estimate  set  down  for  each.  The  first  which  the  surveyor  had  put  on  the  list  was  the  estimated  cost  of  the  proposednew  street,  twenty  four  yards  wide,  from  Dale-street,  opposite  the  end  of  Moorfields,  to  the  top  end  of  Roe-street,  including  all  the  property  between  Queen's Queen'ssquare  square Queen'ssquare  and  St.  John's  Lane—the  total  cost  being  estimated  at  £142,500.  The  next  was  the  estimated  cost  of  the  proposed  new  street  on  the  high  level,  from  Shaw's  Brow,  to  Dale-street,  22  yards  wide,  including  the  bridge  over  the  end  of  Byrom-street,  £90,600.  The  other  estimates  were,  the  cost  of  widening  Hatton-garden,  £15,150  ;  the  comple completion  tion completion  of  the  improvement  at  the  bottom  of  Water-street,  £7,250,  and  of  Hardman-street,  £1,500  ;  improvement  of  Limekiln-lane,  £13,000  ;  of  Bevington-bush  and  hill  'from  Banaster-street  to  St.  Barbington-street,  £27,800;  provement  of  Eldon-place,  £2,400;  and  'improvement  of  corner  of  Barbington-street  and  Love-lane,  £1,370;  the  estimated  total  cost  of  all  the  iMprovements  being  £301,570.  The  report  entered  rather  fully  into  the  advantages  of  all  the  improVements  which  they  recommended  the  Connell  to  adopt;  and  the  more  he  thought  on  the  subject,  the  more  fully  was  he  convinced  of  the  economy  of  doing  these  things,  and  at  once.  There  would,  in  the  first  place,  be  a  great  increase  in  the  traffic  from  the  southern  pediment  of  St.  George's  Hall  to  Dale-street,  and  in  . STYLE=superscript  proportion  there  would  be  an  increase  in  the  value  of  rateable  property  . STYLE=superscript  by  that  means.  He  had  no  doubt  that  the  property  would  be  im improved  proved improved  by  several  thousands,  and  that  when  the  streets  were  completed,  the  rate  to  be  raised  would  amount  to  some  thousands  more  than  the  property  which  it  was  proposed  to  pull  down,  at  present  yielded.  He  had  tried  to  make  some  calculation  as  to  the  number  of  persons  who  would  use  this  street,  and  taking  the  number  of  persons  who  crossed  the  river  as  his  basis,  and  who  were  calculated  at  8,000,000,  he  thought  that  he  would  be  safe  in  setting  down  the  number  who  would  pass  backwards  and  forwards  through  this  street,  at  that  figure.  The  interest  upon  the  proposed  outlay  would  not  amount  to  a  farthing  a  head  upon  that  number  of  persons,  and  he  would  ask  any  gentlemen  present,  whether  he  would  not  cheerfully  pay  that  farthing  to  get  to  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Exchange,  along  a  wide  mid  open  street,  rather  than  run  the  risks,  he  at  present  ran?  in  getting  from  St.  George's  Hall  to  that  quarter.  Objec Objections  tions Objections  had,  however,  been  raised  to  this  *street  on  the  score  of  the  level.  He  had,  therefore,  taken  some  pains  to  ascertain  how  the  levels  would  run,  by  comparing  them  with  the  streets  at  present  in  use  for  large  traffic,  and  he  had  found  that  the  level  of  this  street  from  'Whitechapel  to  St.  George's  Hall  would  be  1  in  27,  and  from  Whitechapel  to  Dale-street,  lin  40.  He  would  now  tell  the  Council  - STYLE=superscript  how  that  was,  as  regardei  the  levels  of  other  streets.  The  level  of  Lord-streetwas  1  in  30  ;  of  Bold-street  1  in  33  ;  and  of  Ranelagh-street,  1  in  22  ;  and  the  Council  could  easily  see  that  these  levels  were  by  no  means  bad  levels.  As  regarded  the  property  through  which  the  street  would  pass,  it  was  altogether  property  of  little  value  ;  for  with  the  ex exception  ception exception  of  that  coming  out  into  Thile-street,  there  was  scarcely  any  property  on  the  line  which  could  not  be,pur be,purchased  chased be,purchased  at  a  very  moderate  rate.  A  great  deal  of  it  was  of  the  character  of  the  house  which  fell  down  in  l'recott l'recottstreet—houses  street—houses l'recottstreet—houses  which,  if  not  taken  down  very  soon,  would  fall  of  themselves.  Another  advantage  of  this  road  was,  that  it  would  interfere  with  no  public  bi  iildino,  except  the  old  Fish  Market,  and  the  Milk  Market,  buildings  already  in  the  hands  of  the  Corporation,  and  of  very  little  value.  On  the  score  of  health,  no  street  could  be  made  in  any,  por portion  tion portion  of  the  town,  possessing  this  advantage  more  thoroughly  than  the  street  which  he  advocated—(hea:r  '  hear)—and  it  would  further  drive  from  Peter-street  *ll'l'oton-street,"
