text
"ADV  E  R  NORTHERN  AT  A  CHARGE  OF  SIXPENCE  Offices-19,  SOUTH  JOHN  STREET,  LIVERPOOL;  9,  PRINCESS  STREV.T,  MANCHESTER.  •  SERVANTS  WANTING  SITUATIONS'  PERSONS  WANTING  SERVANTS,  should  Advertise  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  '  CHARGE  SIXPE  N  C  E.  Published  every  morning,  at  19,  South  John-stree  Liverpool,  and  9,  Princess  -street,  Manchester.  TIMES  NOTICE  The  Proprietors  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  have  now  completed  their  arrangements  for  securing  the  .delivery  of  the  paper  at  the  following  places  every  morning,  at,  or  before  eight  o'clock.  BIRKENHEAD  WOODSIDE  TRANMERE  ROCK  FERRY  WATERLOO•  SEAFORTH  I  BOOTLE  I  WALTON  EVERTON  FAIRFIELD  AIGBURTH.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticate(  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer  ;  not  necessarily  fo:  _  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for.  warded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  seul  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  ,Tqlittljtrn  Rift'  tr)itin.  THURSDAY,  NOVEMBER  3,  1853  TALK  of  the  Inquisition  in  Spain  !  Why  we  have  it,  sitting  in  solemn  conclave,  on  the  banks  of  the  Thames.  There,  in  murky  back  chambers,  adjoin adjoining  ing adjoining  Somerset-House,  whose  huge  piles  of  stone  buildings  obstruct  the  light  of  day,—a  most  appro appropriate  priate appropriate  locale  for  such  a  tribunal—sits  the  Protestant  Inquisitor-General  and  his  brother-officials  of  the  Holy  plying  their  unenviable  occupation— occupationdeciding  deciding occupationdeciding  as  to  what,  in  the  narrowness  and  imbe imbecility  cility imbecility  of  their  intellect,  constitutes  the  heinous  crime  of  or,  in  other  words,  exercising  the  right  of  private  judgment—fulminating  ana anathemas  themas anathemas  upon  their  victims—interdicting  the  de development  velopment development  of  mind—and  limiting  the  boundary  of  thought—saying  to  it,  Thus  far  shalt  thou  come,  but  no  further  Generally  speaking  the  world  is  really  too  busy  to  have  its  operations  interrupted  by  mere  polemical  bickerings,  and  angry  theological  disputations,  which  serve  no  useful  purpose  that  we  know  of,  but  rather  the  reverse.  Nevertheless  occasions  sometimes  arise,  such  as  the  present,  when  priestly  dogmatism  and  intolerance  require  to  be  exposed  to  public  indignation  ;  and  we  do  not  regard  it  as  unbelonging  or  derogatory  to  the  office  of  the  journalist,  to  bring  about  so  desirable  an  end.  Last  Saturday  morning  Dr.  JELF,  the  Principal  of  King's  College,  intimated  to  the  Students  that  Professor  MAURICE'S  Lectures  on  Ecclesiastical  History,  would  thenceforth  be  discontinued  ;  and  there  exists  little  doubt  but  that  the  Council  of  the  College  intend  depriving  this  eminent  divine  and  scholar  of  his  Professorship,  if,  indeed,  they  have  not  already  done  so.  The  fact  is  that,  for  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  time,  Mr.  MAURICE  has  been  an  eye 'eyesore'  to  the  nambypamby  officials  of  the  College,  who  compared  with  him  possess  but  the  intel intelligence  ligence intelligence  of  soap  -suds  and  genius  of  He  has  been  repeatedly  accused  of  favouring  all  sorts  of  theological  views,  Socinian,  Neologian,  and  Pantheistical;  and  his  Essays  were  said  to  confirm  the  charges  brought  against  his  orthodoxy  in  cer certain  tain certain  quarters.  PROFESSOR  MAURICE  has  been  long  and  favour favourably  ably favourably  known,  not  only  as  an  eminent  theologian  and  metaphysician,  but  as  a  truly  benevolent  man,  whose  labours  were  incessant  in  promoting  the  well-being  of  the  lower  classes.  Earnestly  has  he  laboured  to  demolish  those  conventional  barriers  which,  in  this  country,  so  successfully  separate  the  various  social  gradations  from  interchange  of  thought,  or  community  of  ac action.  tion. action.  Religion  and  humanity  were  to  him  prac practical,  tical, practical,  indubitable  facts—not  that  wishy-washy  sen sentimentalism  timentalism sentimentalism  which  turns  up  its  eyes  in  devotion,  and  at  the  sight  of  human  misery  and  depravity  sots  withal  the  part  of  the  priests  and  Levites,  -1 STYLE=superscript  '  passing  by  on  the  other  We  well  remem remember,  ber, remember,  some  years  ago,  -when  Mr.  MAURICE  first  began  to  put  into  operation  his  scheme  for  the  amalga amalgamation  mation amalgamation  of  class  interests,  being  present  at  one  of  those  public  meetings  convened  for  the  purpose  of  explaining  his  views  and  plans.  We  shall  never  forget  his  dignified  demeanour  and  extraordinary  forbearance  on  that  occasion,  when  a  rough  un unkempt  kempt unkempt  artizan  told  him  to  his  face  he  suspected  there  was  Jesuitry  at  the  bottom  of  his  designs--  for  he  could  not  regard  a  clergyman  as  entertain entertaining  ing entertaining  any  benevolent  views  with  respect  to  the  class  which  he  represented.  The  Professor  replied  that,  he  honoured  the  honesty  and  boldness  which  gave  utterance  to  such  an  expression  of  thought;  and  concurred  in  the  view  that,  generally  speak speaking,  ing, speaking,  the  clergy  of  his  church  kept  too  much  aloof  from  the  masses,  and  seldom  interested  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  in  promoting  their  interests,  or  ad advocating  vocating advocating  their  cause.  A  similar  feeling  of  real  benevolence  induced  Mr.  MAURICE,  in  the  early  part  of  the  present  year,  to  publish  some  theological  essays,  exclusively  intended  for,  and  addressed  to,  Unitarians.  His  main  object  was  to  show  how  slight  a  distinction  l  ay  ,  a  f  ter  all,  between  their  views  and  those  of  their  orthodox  brethren;  and  thus  induce  them  to  unite  with  the  Established  Church.  In  a  work  of  this  nature  it  must  neces necessarily  sarily necessarily  have  badurred  that  the  Professor  should  touch  upon  very  delicate  ground—such  as  many  who  are  loudest  in'heir  condemnation  of  his  sentiments,  would  h,4  reared  to  tread,  even  did  they  possess  the  necessaTerudition,  logical  acumen,  and  criti critical  cal critical  aualysiii,:4o  completely  at  the  option  of  the  writer.  ciatis  work  Dr.  JELF  sat  in  council,  a  n  d  IA  %  upon  his  dial  authority  pronouuced  80344nde"
