text
"BY  Mn.  HILL,  o  a  N  nTA  Y  ID  N  A.V6  T  ni  ,  2jNa'npu;ary  WEDNESDAY,atllo'clock  T  eah  4rl; STYLE=superscript  day,  excellent  Household  Furniture,  sets  Mahogany  Chairs,  Lounges,  Couches,  Sofas,  Carpets,  Rugs,  Chiffoniers,  Cabi Cabinets,  nets, Cabinets,  Loo,  Centre,  Dinner,  Pembroke  and  Snap  Tables,  Gasaliers,  Burners,  Lamps,Hill  Chairs,  Tables,  Rods,  Car Carpets,  pets, Carpets,  Barometer,  Eight-day  Clocks  and  Time-pieces,  four fourpost,  post, fourpost,  Camp,  French,  Iron,  and  other  Bedsteads,  Mattresses,  Feather  Beds,  Chests  Drawers,  Wardrobes,  Toilet  and  Dress Dressing  ing Dressing  Tables,  Washstands,  Toilet  Glasses,  Chairs,  Commodes,  Carpeting,  Kitchen  Furniture  and  Utensils.  At  12  o'clock  on  Monday  and  Wednesday—Stationery,  Paper,  Ink,  En Envelopes,  velopes, Envelopes,  Wax,  Wafers,  &amp;c.,  Perfumery,  Fancy  Soaps,  Oils,  Brushes,  Combs  of  all  sorts,  Jewellery,  Silk  and  Alpaca  Umbrellas  ;  also  fifty  36-gallon  Ale  Barrels,  Casks  Brandy,  Madeira,  &amp;c.  Friday  next,  6th,  at  12  o'clock—  flocks  valu valuable  able valuable  Shanghai  and  Cochin-China  Fowls  ;  Egyptian,  White  Poland,  Black  Spanish,  Dorking  and  other  celebrated  breeds  of  Fowls;  Geese,  Ducks,  Harness,  Gears,  and  other  effects,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  COACH  . STYLE=superscript  AND  LOW-HILL.  MR.  AIon  TROTTER  Tuesday  i STYLE=superscript  neat,  s'nstrue STYLE=superscript  the  te STYLE=superscript  3d  instructed  to  Luay,  E  n  LL  r  bz  t  Twelve  o'clock  precisely,  on  the  above  named  Premises,  the  whole  of  the  useful  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  Baga Bagatelle  telle Bagatelle  Table,  a  small  quantity  of  Ale  and  Spirits,  Fixtures  and  other  Effects,  co  using  four-post  and  camp  bedsteads  and  hangings,  palliasses,  mattresses,  feather  beds,  with  appro appropriate  priate appropriate  bedding  •  painted  chamber  chairs,  toilet  tables  and  basin  stands  ,  chimney,  box,  and  swing  dressing  glasses,  par parlour  lour parlour  and  stair  carpets,  oil  cloths,  window  curtains,  gas  chandeliers  and  burners;  mahogany  articles  in  chairs,  chests  of  drawers,  dining,  Pembroke,  card,  and  snap  tables,  and  sofas;  the  usefui  kitchen  requisites,  stilliges,  casks,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  May  be  viewed  on  the  morning  of  sale,  and  catalogues  obtained  on  the  premises  ;  from  Mr.  John  Kirby,  12,  Peter's Peter'slane,  lane, Peter'slane,  or  the  auctioner,  5,  College-lane,  QfN  SALE,  SITES  for  'MANUFACTORIES,  on  the  London  and  North-Western  Railway,  three-and-a three-and-a--h  -h three-and-a--h  miles  from  Liverpool,  with  a  command  of  coal  free  from  eartage.  Cottages  for  workmen  can  be  had  in  the  locality.  Apply  to  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Office."
