text
"GRA  NGEMOUTH,  OCT.  18TH.  , STYLE=superscript  ARRlVFD.—Hoffnung,  Meyer,  from  Hamburgh  ;  Star,  Ramsey.  Rotterdam.  SATl:in.—Airdrie,  Binnie,  for  Stettin  ;  Lady  Zetland,  Williams,  Rotterdam;  Ebenezer,  Watson,  Rouen;  Resolu Resolution,  tion, Resolution,  B'jouess,  Dram.  GLASGOW,  Ocr.  18.  ARRIVED.-Emily,  Woods,  from  Marseilles;  Edinburgh,  Brown.  Alexandria;  Victoria,  --,  New  York.  LEITH,  Our.  18.  ARRIVED.—Hanna,  Morris,  from  St.  John,  N.B.  POLICE  COURTS.-YESTERDAY,  LIVERPOOL.  FURIOUS  DRIVING.—John  Smith,  for  furiously  driving  his  spring  cart  in  Lime-street,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  A  CAUTION  TO  YOUNG  BOYS.—John  Redington,  a  young  boy,  who  did  not  appear,  was  charged  with  setting  off  fire fireworks  works fireworks  in  Mansfield-street,  on  Sunday  evening,  was  fined  Is.  and  costs.  A  number  of  people,  for  keeping  pigs,  and  causing  nui nuisances,  sances, nuisances,  were  fined.  The  fines  varied  from  2s.  6d.  and  costs,  to  10s.  and  costs.  BREAKING  WINDOWS.—John  Leathwaite,  was  charged  with•breaking  a  pane  of  plate  glass,  valued  at  £1  2s.  He  was  ordered  to  pay  225.  and  costs,  or  be  committed  for  21  days.  SMUGGLING.—James  Pallinan,  a  seaman,  for  smuggling  one  pound  and  a  quarter  of  Cavendish  tobacco,  was  fined  10s.  HELPING  HIMSELF.—The  keeper  of  a  spirit  vault,  in  Harrington-street,  charged  Edward  Keating  with  having,  on  Tuesday  evening,  stolen  some  rum  from  his  establishment.  Prisoner  had  come  in  under  the  pretence  of  getting  a  glass  of  ale,  and  prosecutor  caught  him  helping  himself  to  a  tumbler  of  rum  from  the  tap  ;  and  he  had  a  bottle,  also  stolen  from  his  shop,  ready  to  receive  it.  Officer  584  arrested  the  prisoner.  The  magistrate,  finding  from  the  evidence  that  prisoner  was  in  liquor  at  the  time,  treated  it  as  a  drimken  case,  and  fined  him  ss.  or  three  days  in  prison.  PICKING  POCKETS.  John  Defy  was  put  forward  by  officer  576,  charged  by  John  Finnegan  with  picking  his  pockets  in  Pownall-square,  at  6  o'clock  on  Monday  evening.  The  officer  witnessed  the  robbery,  but  two  of  the  prisoner's  accomplices  suceceed  in  making  their-  escape.  The  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  sentenced  Defy  to  six  days  imprisonment.  —Patrick  Lynch  was  observed,  on  Tuesday  evening,  by  a  detective  officer,  in  Queen's-square,  attempting  to  pick  several  ladies'  pockets.  Prisoner  had  observed  the  officer,  so  that  the  latter  was  obliged  to  arrest  him  before  he  saw  an  actual  theft  accomplished.  As  the  prisoner  was  not  known  to  the  police,  the  magistrate  discharged  him.  Ellen  Gilligan,  Bridget  Walshe,  Michael  Walshe,  and  fohn  .Dawson,  all  children  were  charged  by  a  detective  omcer  witn  naming  tneir  possession,  at  the  gate  of  V  ictorla  Dock,  a  quantity  of  clean  cotton,  which,  when  the  officer  came  up,  they  were  endeavouring  to  conceal.  The  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  discharged  Dawson,  (as  he  had  never  been  before  the  Court  previously,)  but  sentenced  the  other  delinquents  re respectively  spectively respectively  to  seven  days  imprisonment.  JUVENILE  DErnAvrry.—An  interesting  little  girl,  named  _Eliza  Cave,  nine  years  of  age,  of  whom  it  was  stated  that  she  went  regularly  to  school  and  knew  her  prayers,  charged  a  boy  less  than  herself  with  having  knocked  her  down  on  the  steps  of  St.  John's  Market,  on  Tuesday  evening,  and  stealing  from  her  person  the  sum  of  three  shillings.  Prose Prosecutrix  cutrix Prosecutrix  positively  swore  that  the  prisoner  was  the  lad  who  knocked  her  down,  but  stated  that  there  were  two  other  little  lads  in  his  company  who  succeeded  in  getting  clear  off.  The  magistra.e  mercifully  remanded  this  very  young  delin delinquent  quent delinquent  until  this  day,  in  order  that  an  endeavour  might  be  made  to  communicate  with  his  friends.  It  was  stated  that  his  mother  was  the  inmate  of  a  lunatic  asylum.  THE  EFFECTS  OF  JUVENILE  MISCHIEF.—Richard  Swin Swinchatt,  chatt, Swinchatt,  a  boy  about  fourteen  years  of  age,  summoned  through  his  father  Henry  Swinchatt,  five  boys,  whose  ages  varied  from  sixteen  to  twelve,  William  Henson,  Alfred  Stewart,  James  Beving,  John  Worrall,  and  William  Werrall,  for  £5  damages  due  to  plaintiff  by  an  assault  committed  upon  him  on  the  2nd  of  August  last.  The  items  of  the  claim  were  surgeon's  bill,  £2  15s.  ;  boy's  time  lost  from  work,  6s.  ,  plaintiff's  time,  10s.  ;  sundry  expenses  and  damages,  £1  95.,  making  in  all,  £5.  Mr.  Wheeler  appeared  for  the  plaintiff.  The  boy  Richard  Swinchatt  was  examined,  and  gave  his  evi evidence  dence evidence  very  distinctly.  He  stated  that  he  was  in  care  of  a  donkey  cart  upon  the  day  in  question,  and  was  driving  up  Paddington,  when  the  boys  summoned,  with  some  others,  wanted  to  get  into  the  cart,  and  swung  out  of  it  behind.  He  did  not  let  them  get  in,  and  after  he  had  driven  the  cart  to  the  stable,  he  was  coming  back  again,  when  one  of  the  boys  said,  as  he  passed,  Let  us  give  him  a  good  Henson  gave  him  a  blow  which  knocked  him  down,  and  then  kicked  him  as  he  lay  upon  the  road.  Alfred  Stewart  struck  him  with  a  large  strap,  having  a  buckle.  James  Beving  struck  him  with  a  stone  wrapped  in  a  handkerchief;  and  the  two  Worralls  also  struck  and  shoved  him.  He  became  insensible,  and  when  he  recovered  found  himself  lying  in  bed  in  his  mother's  house.  He  was  not  able  to  go  to  work  for  three  weeks,  and  suffered  a  great  deal  of  pain,  from  the  effects  of  which  his  head  felt  very  heavy  still.  There  never  was  any  quarrel  before  between  the  boys  and  himself.  A  boy  eight  years  old,  named  Bibby,  a  man  named  McClellan,  and  Mrs.  Swinchatt,  were  examined,  and  corroborated  the  evi evidence.  dence. evidence.  The  boys  gave  various  excuses  for  their  conduct  Worrall  admitted  striking  with  a  handkerchief,  but  denied  that  there  was  a  stone  in  it.  Court—Was  it  knotted  ?  Worrall  :  It  was.  Court  :  And  soaked  in  water,  perhaps  ?  Worrell  :  No  sir.  Stewart  admitted  striking  with  a  strap  and  buckle.  Beving  alleged  that  the  boy  struck  him  first  with  a  whip.  The  Court  pointed  out  the  shame  and  expense  which  the  defendants  had  brought  upon  their  parents  by  joining  to  beat  a  little  boy  as  young  as  the  youngest  of  them.  One  of  them  was  a  big  boy,  who  ought  to  be  able  to  fight  a  lad  twice  the  size  of  the  boy  they  beat,  and  yet  he  joined  with  five  or  six  others,  and  beat  that  child  in  such  a  way  that  he  fell  into  fits,  and  it  was  through  God's  providence  he  did  not  die,  in  which  case  they  would  be  liable  to  trans transportation,  portation, transportation,  or  to  very  long  terms  of  imprisonment.  They  should  also  feel  the  cowardice  of  such  an  act.  He  pitied  their  parents  very  much,  who  had  to  bear  the  expense,  and  he  pitied  the  poor  little  boy,  who,  perhaps,  might  never  re recover  cover recover  the  effects  of  the  injuries,  and  never  be  strong  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  their  act,  for  which  they  should  answer  in  the  next  world,  if  not  in  this.  The  Court  then  ordered  that  all  the  actual  expense  and  costs  borne  by  the  plaintiff  should  be  paid  by  the  parents  of  the  defendants.  CHARGE  OF  BURGLARY.-Hugh  Iff'Grady  and  John  1W  Grady,  two  young  boys,  charged  on  Tuesday  with  break breaking  ing breaking  into  a  grocer's  shop  in  Harding-street,  were  yesterday  fully  committed  for  trial  at  the  Quarter  Sessions.  MORE  YOUTHFUL  BURGLARS.—Robert  O'Neill  and  Win.  Clarke,  boys  of  about  fourteen  years  of  B,i  - STYLE=superscript  re  each,  were  charged  by  .  officer  711,  who  said  that  yesterday  morning  he  saw  the  prisoners  i3laevcr;.r._ctroot,  trying  all  the  doors,  front  and  ram  O'Neill  had  been  committed  in  last  July  .even  days,  and  Clarke  had  been  formerly  charged  for  stealing  a  hen  ;  they  were  now  committed  for  three  months  each.  AN  UNSUPPORTED  CHARGE.  —Martha  Bescott,  a  respectable  looking  woman,  was  put  forward,  charged  with  having  in  her  possession  a  silk  watch-guard  of  small  value,  which  a  lady  named  Mrs.  Wake,  of  47,  Simpson-street,  Preston,  said  had  been.  stolen  from  her  so  long  ago  as  11th  January,  1851,  along  with  a  number  of  •  other  articles  ;  her  house  having  been  on  the  occasion  broken  into  and  robbed.  Last  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  Mrs.  Wake  saw  the  guard  in  possession  of  a  little  girl,  who  was  offering  it  for  sale  at  Preston,  and  who,  upon  being  interrogated,  said  she  had  got  it  from  the  prisoner.  The  magistrate  (Mr.  Smith)  said  that  this  appeared  to  him  to  be  an  unsupported  charge.  There  were  hundreds  of  yards  of  exactly  this  kind  of  chain  to  be  bought  every  day.  Mr.  Clough  said  that  he  was  surprised  at  the  prisoner  being  sent  from  Preston  on  such  evidence,  and  he  had  doubts  as  to  pay paying  ing paying  the  expenses  of  the  officer  who  was  sent  with  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  from  Preston.  The  magistrate  said  that  would  be  altogether  at  his  (Mr.  Clough's)  discretion,  and  discharged  the  prisoner.  A  YOUTHFUL  SP  wurstkur  r.---,Tames  Fender,  nine  years  of  age,  was  charged  by  officer  51,  who,  on  Tuesday  morning,  in  Mary-le-bone,  found  him  with  a  game  cock  on  his  person  for  which  he  could  not  account;  when  the  prisoner  saw  the"
