text
"THE  NORTRERN  DAILY  TIMES.  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE  MEETING  OF  THE  MASTER  MANUFACTURERS  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  PRESTON,  FRIDAY  NIGHT  The  associated  masters  met  this  morning,  and  after  having  been  in  deliberation  for  some  time,  passed  the  subjoined  re resolutions,  solutions, resolutions,  from  which  it  will  be  .  seen  that,  taking  in  con connection  nection connection  with  the  tone  manifested  by  the  operatives,  there  is  not  the  remotest  prospect  at  present  of  a  settlemept  of  the  dispute.  The  resolutions  passed  by  the  masterd  are  as  follow  :  At  a  general  meeting  of  the  Masters'  Association,  held  at  the  Bull  Hotel  Preston,  on  Friday,  the  4th  of  November,  1853,  It  was  resolved—  That  whereas  an  advance  of  wages  was  offered  to  the  operatives  of  Preston  and  the  neighbourhood,  on  the  19th  day  of  August  last,  which  offer  was  dictated  more  by  a  desire  to  preserve  the  harmony  and  general  good  feeling  that  then  prevailed  in  the  town,  than  by  anything  in  the  state  of  trade  warranting  such  advance  ;  and  whereas,  the  same  has  . STYLE=superscript  not  been  generally  accepted  by  the  operatives,  through  the  interference  of  the  same  mischievous  and  irresponsible  parties  who  have  been  the  cause  of  all  the  distress  brought  upon  the  town,  and  whereas,  the  prospects  of  the  trade  have  materially  altered  for  the  worse.  .  It  is,  therefore,  the  unanimous  opinion  of  this  meeting  that,  whenever  the  time  shall  arrive  for  the  re-opening  of  the  mills,  the  rate  of  wages  shall  be  the  same  as  was  paid  on  or  before  the  Ist  of  March  last,  subject,  however,  to  such  alterations  as  may  be  recommended  by  the  committee  in  particular  cases.  That  this  meeting,  on  its  rising,  do  adjourn  to  Thurs Thursday,  day, Thursday,  the  Ist  of  December  next;  but  that  the  committee  be  requester  to  call  a  meeting  at  an  earlier  period,  if  they  are  of  opinion  that  it  would  be  conducive  to  the  settlement  of  the  question  on  the  basis  of  the  foregoing  resolution,  provided  also  that  they  are  satisfied  that  the  general  body  of  operatives  are  prepared  to  emancipate  themselves  from  the  dictation  of  parties  who  have  an  interest  in  prolonging  the  unfortunate  dispute  between  the  employers  and  the  em employed.  ployed. employed.  MEETING  OF  THE  OPERATIVE  WEAVERS  A  meeting  of  the  weavers  employed  at  the  nine  mills,  still  at  work,  was  hold  in  the  Temperance  Hall,  last  night.  Mr.  RICHARD  ASHTON  in  the  chair.  There  was  a  large  attendance.  _  _  The  CHAIRMAN  stated  that  the  meeting  was  called  for  the  purpose  of  exciting  the  sympathies  of  the  operatives  in  employment,  that  they  might  contribute  as  much  as  they  could  spare  for  the  relief  of  those  who  were  suffering  through  the  effects  of  the  strike.  Mr.  SWINGLEHURST  said,  during  his  travels  he  had  an  opportuhity  of  hearing  the  opinion  of  the  public  upon  their  struggle,  and  he  could  assure  them  that  the  sympathies  of  all  classes,  that  were  not  tainted  with  cotton,  were  with  them.  He  had  had  some  conversation  with  Mr.  Ashworth,  of  Bamber  Bridge,  and  that  gentleman  intended  to  open  his  mill  on.  Friday.  Mr.  Ashworth  intended  to  give  the  ten  per  to  the  spinner  and  card-room  hands,  but  not  to  the  weavers.  This  would  not  alter  the  state  of  affairs,  as  the  mill  would  have  to  be  closed  again,  because  the  weavers  would  not  consent  again  to  resume  their  work  upon  such  terms.  The  great  bone  of  contention  amongst  the  masters  was  their  union.  If  the  operatives  would  consent  to  abandon  the  union  and  their  leaders,  they  were  told  that  the  masters  would  open  their  mills.  But  the  masters  had  called  the•  union  into  existence  by  their  tyranny  ;  because  in  the  com commencement  mencement commencement  of  the  agitation,  it  could  not  be  called  a  com combination.  bination. combination.  It  was  then,  the  sympathies  of  the  poor  were  called  into  operation  by  the  justice  of  their  request.  But  now  it  was  the  combination  of  the  workers  to  obtain  their  right  from  their  grasping  and  merciless  employers.  A  Baptist  minister,  at  Bacup,  had  expressed  to  him  his  entire  concurrence  in  the  views  of  the  operatives,  and  had  also  said,  that  sooner  than  he  would  submit  to  the  arbitrary  requests  of  the  masters,  he  would  suffer  himself  to  be  The  hands  were  willing  to  resume  work  if  the  masters  would  let  them,  only  they  stipulated  for  the  ten  per  The  speaker,  in  conclusion,  requested  the  hands  to  contribute  as  much  as  they  could,  and  sat  down  amidst  great  cheering.  The  CHAIRMAN'  made  aiew  remarks  upon  the  propriety  of  paying  wages  to  the  speakers,  and  then  introduced  Mr.  OLDHAM,  who  condemned  the  placard  the  master  spinners  had  issued,  remarking,  that  there  was  a  want  of  truth  in  their  statements,  which  was  evident  to  those  who  understood  the  question.  The  hands  at  Bashall's  mill  did  not  receive  an  advance  of  one  penny  per  cut;  and  as  to  Messrs.  Birley  Brothers,  if  they  would  give  the  advance  spoken  about,  the  hands,  he  would  undertake  to  say,  would  resume  their  work.  But  the  union  was  the  sore  place  ;  and  let  the  masters  talk  as  they  may,  and  write  as  they  may,  the  question  was  now,  whether  or  not,  their  union  should  perish  ?  Some  one  in  the  crowd  proposed  a  levy  .  of  one  shilling  per  loom  next  Saturday,  which  was  carried,  though  not  with  any  great  show  of  enthusiasm,  only  about  one  hundred  and  fifty  hands  being  held  up.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  said  that  the  meeting  was  at  an  end,  and  thc,  cumoraldaso  quic.bly  Icctirt.A.  The  following  return  of  the  payments  made  to  the  unem unemployed  ployed unemployed  operatives  _is  from  the  Preston  Guardian  of  this  day.  Power-loom  Weavers'  Committee.  M.  relieved.  Amount.  7420  Weavers,  at  4s.  each.  826  Winders  and  Warpers,  at  4s.  each  165  4  0  216  Twisters,  at  4s.  each  24  Dressers,  at  4s.  each  4  16  0  783  Helpers,  at  2s.  each  .  7B  6  0  10  Reachers,  at  Is.  each  ..  •.•  0  10  0  _  _  Spinners  and  Self-actors'  Committee.  843  Svinncrl  and  Minders,  - STYLE=superscript  at  7s.  each  ....  295  1  0  773  Piercers,  at  3s.  6d.  each  135  5  6  762  Bobbiners,  at  2s.  each.  •  Card  Room  Hands'  Committee,  1276  Hands,  at  ls.  6d.  each.  981  Do.,  at  ls.  3d.  each.  l7  11  3  312  Do.,  at  Is.  each.  ..  ........  ...  •  ..  15  12  0  Throstle  Spinners'  Committee.  361  Hands,  at  ls.  each.  ..  ..  61  Do.,  at  9d.  each  17  Do.,  at  6d.  each  0  8  6  Tape  Machine  Sizers'  Committee.  48  Hand  at  Bs.  6d.  each  .  3  Do.,  at  6s.  6d.  each  0  19  0  Power-loom  Overlookers'  Committee,  170  Hands,  at  ss.  each.  .  .  42  10  0  1  Do.,  at  35...  -  ...  14,707  £2,460  .  2  6  Present  week—number  of  hands  14,707  .  £2460  2  6  Previous  week  do.  do.  13,43  Q  2311  9  0  Increase  1,268  £l4B  13  6  =—Preston  Guardian  of  this  day.  At  the  meeting  of  the  board  of  guardians  this  week  about  double  the  number  of  applicants  for  relief  appeared  before  the  board,  nearly  the  whole  of  them  being  factory  operatives.  Agricultural  employment  was  given  to  the  able-bodied,  with  out-door  relief.  REPLY  OF  THE  OPERATIVE  WEAVERS  TO  THE  •  MASTERS  MANIFESTO  The  following  reply  of  the  operative  weavers  to  the  masters'  manifesto  was  placarded  this  evening  :  GENTLEMEN,—An  address  appears  upon  the  walls  of  our  town,  purporting  to  be  from  the  Committee  of  Associated  Masters,  to  the  public,  in  which  an  attempt  is  made  to  prove  that  misrepresentations  have  been  made  of  the  causes  which  brought  about  the  present  unfortunate  dispute.  Gentlemen,  your  Association  is  of  long  standing  ;  our  organization  is  but  the  natural  impulse  for  mutual  protec protection  tion protection  and  self  preservation,  having  no  existence  anterior  to  the'  , STYLE=superscript  present  dispute  ;  your  committee,  conscious  of  its  supe superiority,  riority, superiority,  by  the  long  existence  and  experience  of  the  power  of  combination,  has  treated  this  question  hitherto  as  beneath  argument,  and  unworthy  of  explanation  ;  but  you  have  now  thrown  off  this  reserve,  this  ice-bound  silence,  and  we  trust  that  you  will  not  consider  us  out  of  our  province  (however  short  our  existence  may  have  been,  or  inexperienced  we  may  be  in  the  secret  of  combination),  if  we,  'the  Committee  of  the  Preston  Power-loom  Weavers,'  enter  into  some  explana explanation  tion explanation  of  the  statements  you  have  made.  the  statements  you  have  made  be  the  cause,  the  im impelling  pelling impelling  :motives  of  the  'lock  out,'  we  think  that  it  will  only  require  some  little  explanation  and  forbearance  on  the  part  of  the  masters  and  workpeople  to  bring  about  an  amicable  arrangement.  You  attribute  the  'lock  out'  to  three  causes:—  lst.—Because  certain  masters  had  disputes  with  their  workpeople.  2ndly.—Because  you  consider  that  an  attempt  was  in intended  tended intended  to  be  made  to  establish  ane  equalization  of  prices;  and  3rdly.—Because  acts  of  insubordination  had  taken  place  at  certain  mills  in  the  town.  gentlemen,  there  are  but  four  firms  that  you  specify,  where  the  weavers  had  any  disputes,  (we  leave  the  other  cases  to  those  whom  they  concern)  and  we  might  enter  largely  into  causes,  as  verified  by  the  workpeople  of  each  firm  ;  but  we  do  not  wish  to  cause  more  irritation  than  already  exists,  we  will  therefore  take  a  cursory  view  of  each  case.  say  that  at  Messrs.  Birley,  Bros.,  '  they  were  allowed  to  be  amongst  the  best  paid  in  the  town  ;'  we  will  only  say  at  present,  that  we  are  surprised  that  gentlemen  of  your  experience  should  have  been  so  grossly  in  error,  it  being  too  well  known  that  the  prices  paid  here  was  less  than  most  places  in  the  town.  But  though  your  statement  as  to  the  advance  offered  may  be  partly  true--but  not  correctly  was  not  the  amount  advanced,  that  was  alone  the  cause  of  the  turn-out;  but  it  was  the  way  in  which  they  were  treated,'  which  induced  them  to  believe  that  advantage  was  being  taken  of  their  position  as  females,  to  deceive  and  impose  upon  them=they  did  not'  receive  the  consent  of  the  Weavers'  Committee  to  stop  work.  Mr,  Basball's  case,  they  did  not  receive  an  advance,  or  premise  of  an  advance  till  after  they  had  struck  - STYLE=superscript  work,  so  that  your  statement  is  anything  but  correct...  In  Messrs.  Taylor's  case,  we  find  upon  comparing  the  weavers'  statement  with  this  published  statemefiti-that  there  is  a  serious  misunderstanding,  , STYLE=superscript  because  it  is  evident  from  the  Juastere•Akwnarords,-..that,therezro  other  eircuthstanoe4  beA  side  the  question  of  wages,  which  caused  the  hands  to  turn turnout.  out. turnout.  Had  Messrs.  Taylors  received  the  deputation  that  waited  upon  them,  instead  of  driving  them  from  the  works,  we  have  no  doubt  but  much  ill-feeling  might  have  been  avoided,  and  a  satisfactory  arrangement  come  to.  Messrs.  Swainson,  Bros.'  case  :—the  disputes  be between  tween between  them  and  their  hands  was  brought  before  a  public  meeting  of  their  own,  weavers,  and  it,  was  then  and  there  agreed  what  course  to  pursue,  the  committee  was  never  asked  for  a  decision  upon  it,  so  that  this  statement  is  with without  out without  foundation.  But  each  of  these  hands  have  endeavoured  to  come  to  an  explanation  with  their  employers,  before  the  '  lock  out'  but  were  refused.  You  wish  to  infer  that  because  all  the  hands  who  had  struck  work,  receivedsupport  from  the  funds  collected,  that  consequently  they  had  turned  out  at  the  bidding  of  the  committee,  we  assure  you  that  such  was  not  the  case,  they  received  support,  not  because  they  had  obeyed  any  rule,  but  because  each  and  every  body  of  mill  hands,  did,  and  were  entitled  to  be  the  judges  of  their  own  position  and  actions,—and  you  now  make  it  a  serious  ground  of  complaint,  that  we  endeavoured  to  keep  them  from  starving.  If  you  had  made  reasonable  proposals  for  an  arrangement,  and.they  had  refused  every  overture  as  you  have  done  to  them,  then  they  would  have  received  no  support,  sympathy,  or  countenance  from  their  fellow  workers  or  the  public.  We  think  that  after  this  explanation,  without  giving  any  opinion  as  to  who  was  to  blame  in  these  unpleasant  affairs,  the  conduct  of  the  masters  (or  masters'  committee)  in  pre preventing  venting preventing  an  arrangement,  justified  the  public  protection  be bestowed  stowed bestowed  upon  them.  Gentlemen,  we  have  looked  in  vain  through  all  the  ad addresses,  dresses, addresses,  manifestoes,  and  resolutions,  together  with  all  the  proposals  that  have  been  made  by  the  weavers'  body,  with  a  view  to  an  arrangement,  and  we  can  find  nothing  that  can  imply  that  we  ever  intended  an  equalization  of  prices  ;  it  is  nothing  but  a  phantom  conjured  in  your  imaginations,  so  that  your  second  cause  is  founded  upon  error.  with  respect  to  your  third  cause,  you  do  not  specify  when  nor  what  that  insubordination  was,  you  may  have  just  cause  for  complaining,  amidst  the  excitement  that  existed,  much  may  have  been  said  both  by  master  and  work workpeople,  people, workpeople,  that  was  wrong;  and  you  must  not  forget  that  before  - STYLE=superscript  any  strikes  took  place,  or  were  contemplated,  people  were  thrown  out  of  employment,  for  only  asking  a  civil  question,  for  an  answer  to  the  memorial,  and  perhaps  this  has  -much  to  do  with  that  insubordination  you  now  com complain  plain complain  of.  Gentlemen,  you  omit  to  state  your  reasons  for  refusing  to  allow  the  different  firms  where  disputes  existed  from  coming  to  an  arrangement  with  their  hands,  it  has  appeared  evident  that  your  committee  was  the  cause  and  only  cause  of  non-arrangement,  and  it  would  be  well  if  you  wonld  explain  why  you  cannot  agree  to  our  proposals  for  mediation  or  arbitration.  You  say  that  you  cannot  hold  out  any  hope  of  a  resump resumption  tion resumption  of  labour  until  the  hands  abandon  our  present  leaders.  We  beg  to  inform  you,  that  they  are  but  our  servants,  ren rendered  dered rendered  necessary  by  the  position  you  have  placed  us  in.  If  any  of  those  servants  be  either  strangers  to  the  town,  or  traders  in  agitation,  come  to  an  honourable  arrangement  with  your  workpeople,  and  their  occupation  is  gone.  Gentlemen,  the  eyes  of  the  world  are  upon  us,  let  us  not  disgrace  the  name  and  character  of  our  town,  `by  prolonging  unnecessarily,  this  awful  state  of  suspense  and  anxiety.  We  have  adopted  every  means,  and  made  every  proposal  that  we  thought  likely  to  lead  to  an  arrangement;  but  you  have  taken  none,  but  treated  us  as  aliens  and  outcasts  of  society.  Let  us,  as  reasonable  creatures,  liable  to  err,  adopt  some  means  to  thoroughly  investigate  the  grounds  of  dispute  ;  and  if  misunderstandings  have  taken  place,  let  them  be  explained;  if  errors  have  been  made,  let  them  be  candidly  acknow acknowledged  ledged acknowledged  ;  let  disputants  come  to  an  arrangement,  and  the  cause  of  the  lock  out'  being  removed,  let  the  mills  resume  their  usual  work.  if,  gentlemen,  after  this,  you  are  disposed,  we  are  desirous  to  endeavour  to  establish  some  means  that  will  pre prevent  vent prevent  a  recurrence  of  such  unfortunate  disputes  in  future.  have  no  desire,  no  interest,  and  no  feeling  to  pro prolong  long prolong  this  dispute  '  •  but,  we  must  say,  that  everything  appears  to  favour  us  with  success,  public  opinion  and  sympathy  are  with  us,  every  .post  encourages  us  with  fresh  supports  ;  new  channels  of  assistance  are  daily,  yea,  hourly,  opened  for  our  assistance,  but  we  here  publicly  declare,  that  in  spite  of  all  this,  we  are  now,  as  we  have  ever  been  from  the  first,  willing  to  submit  to  reason,  justice,  and  equity.  '.  Preston,  November  4th,"
