text
"tive  value  for  some  time  to  come.  highly  this  diminished  supply  the  British_-cGovt  In  Tri  erument  has  d  at  Porto  Rico,  and  yellow  'e  learn  that  ap  unOsually  good  crop  of  At  Antigua  ,Her  Majesty's  -  shin  Medea,  whieh  conveys  the  •  admiral's  letters  to  Bermuda  from  St.  -  Thomas,  was  detained  shne  dayS,  in  consequence  of  zneeting  the  United  States  sloop-of-war,  Cyane,  whi  c  h,  refasedo  fialtite  the  British  flag,  alleging  that  'an  Anie-:  rican  subject  (a  slave);  had  there  been  taken  out  of  an  3as  on  the  lith  arrived  on  the  15th  ult.  .a  business  was  ,uot,  ,so  brisk,  and  t)rniff t)rniffpus:were  pus:were t)rniffpus:were  at  dbuble  their  .  usual  price.,  The  sugar  crop  is  nearly  gathered  in.  •  There  waS  but  little  shipping  port;  and  freight  ruled.  high:-  kt  - STYLE=superscript  Detnera  At  Grenada  oc,.l4islative  business,  had  been  intex-1  fit  l STYLE=superscript  66iist4Lipnco  of  a  wished-for  adjournment,  on  , STYLE=superscript  ttie  Money  Bill  not,  being  granted  by  his•  Excellency..  - STYLE=superscript  it  ~was  expected  the  dispute  - STYLE=superscript  would  lead  to  a  dissolution.  The  weather  was.favourable  to  the  plantations.  The'  Pacific  Steam  Navigation  Company's  steamer  Nbw  Grenada,  .had  arrived  rat  Panama  -with  1.80;000  dollars  in  .treastire,  and  dates  from  Valparaiso;  ;Nov.  loth  ;  Callao,  25th;  Payta,  29th.,  -  -  •  'A  largo  quantity,  of  gold  had  been  discovered  in.  Southern  'Chili.  •  iAll  the  .revolutionary  movements  in  the  republic  of  Bblivia  had  been  qaelled.  Later  ne*s  had  been  received  .from  Australia.  The  gold  market  was  without  animation,  and  the  p  r  i  ces  were  tO  763:3d.  ;The  prodticiotthe  wee);  was  large.  ,Th  9  Tyne  experienced  . STYLE=superscript  heau  gales  from  the  S.W;  to  - STYLE=superscript  N:W.durinB  most  of  the  passage  home.  THE  LIVERTOO,L  T:ITERARY  AND  DRAMATIC  SOCIETY.  This  society  gave  their  usual  Christmas  performance  last  night  in  the  Clayton-hall,  Clayton-square,  than  which  perhaps  there  is  not  a  building  in  the  town  better  adapted,  in  almost  every  particular  for  such  entertainments.  Suf Sufficiently  ficiently Sufficiently  commodious  to  contain  the  numbers  which  will  at  any  time,  be  drawn  together  by  a  private  performance,  no  matter  how  excellent  its  character  may  be;  it  is  yet  not  so  larg  - STYLE=superscript  e  as  to  require  any  exertion  on  the  part  of  the  per performers  formers performers  to  make  their  voices  heard  throughout  its  whole  extent.  But  while  the  hall  affords  this  advantage,  and  - STYLE=superscript  a  very  serviceablo  one  to  amateur  actor's,  it  has  one  ,  great  defect  in  the  smallness  of  the  stage,  which  cramps  their  movements,  and  gives  in  consequence  to  the  per performance  formance performance  an  air  of  constraint  and  tameness.  We  were  particularly  struck,  with  this  defect'  in  the  performa.uce  last  night,  and  we  sincerely  , STYLE=superscript  regretted  it,  because  it  increased  the  difficulties  under  which  the  performers,  as  amateurs,  naturally  laboured,  and  marred  their  best  efforts•  As  for  the  performance  itself,  it  was,  as  a  whole,  very  eXcelleut,  and  received  at  the  hands  of  the  very  numerous  and  respectable  audience  assembled  to  witness  it,  frequent  marks  of  approbation.  There  was  no  doubt  much  that  was  faulty,  both  in  the  conception  of  the  characters  that  were  personified;  and  in  the  manner  in  which  that  concep conception  tion conception  was  represented  but  while  there  were  these  faults_  •  .  many  e.  sequences  of  inex  pprience,  thlie  llencies  which  received,  as  they  1  commendati'on  The  entertainment"
