text
"our  Mr.  Cleland  arrives  in  London  per  next  steamer.  W  6  could  not  for  a  moment  think  of  forwarding  you  a  letter  of  credit  under  existing  circumstances  ;  and  we  do  not  wish  you  to  use  any.  more  (if  you  have  not  done  so  already)  of  the  cre,  dit  ou  Harnden  and  Co.  We  trust  you  will,  at  least,  show  in  this  matter  a  disposition  to  do  all  in  your  power  to  make  restitution  for  th  e  ev  il  w  hi  c  h  you  have  already  ,  com committed,  mitted, committed,  and  p  ro  t  ec  t  our  i  nterests  and  that  of  the  insurance  company  to  the  utmost  of  your  We  remain,  dear  sir,  yours  truly,  CLELAND  and  DAY.  P.S.  We  wish  you  to  hand  over  to  Mr.  Scott  the  power  of  attorney  and  the  instrument  of  our  By  the  same  mail  the  plaintiffs  wrote  to  the  defendants  on  the  subject  of  Lee's  letter,  and  by  the  next  mail  they  sent  the  defendants  a  copy  of  the  letter,  and  they  also  sent  over  a  gentleman  named  Brigham  with  a  power  of  attorney  to  act  for  them,  but  two  late,  for  Mr.  Brigham  found  that  Lee  had  not  only  drawn  out  and  misappropriated  the  two  sums  of  20001.,  but  that  he  had  in  several  instances  placed  the  plaintiffs'  names  to  bills  without  their  authority,  and  that  altogether  they  were  losers  by  him  to  the  amount  of  between  50001.  and  60001.  Under  these  circumstances  they  called  upon  the  defendants  to  make  good  the  loss  to  the  extent  of  their  guarantee,  and  upon  the  defendants  refusing  to  do  so  they  commenced  the  present  action;  but  the  defendants  applied  to  the  Court  of  Chancery  for  an  injunction,  which.'  however  was  dissolved  by  the  Vice  Chancellor  without  cal calling  ling calling  ,  upon  the  plaintiffs'  counsel  to  reply.  The  defendants  then  applied  for  a  second  injunction  to  stay  execution  in  case  the  verdict  ,  should  go  against  them,  and  at  last  they  added  the  plea  of  fraud,  as  to  which  he  frankly  confessed  he  did  not  know  what  it  meant,  for  he  believed,  if  they  ventured  to  put  their  secretary  into  the  box,  he  should  be  able  to  show  that  Lee's  agreement  with  the  plaintiffs,  their  letter  of,  credit,  and  power  of  a  tt  orney  ,  were  all  made  known  to  him!  before  the  policy  was  effected.  This  being  the  plaintiffs'  case,  he  thought  the  only  question  would-be  the  amount  of  their  loss,  and  if  there  was  any  difficulty  in  that  question,  which  he  did  not  anticipate,  he  was  quite  ready  to  refer  it  to  arbitration.  Mr.  W.  Swain,  formerly  in  the  employ  of  Harnden  and  Co.,  of  Liverpool,  Boston,  and  New  York,  deposed  that  Lee  called  on  Hamden  and  Co.,  January  17,  1850.  He  brought  a  bill  drawn  in  blank  by  plaintiffs,  which  was  filled  up  in  our  office  for  £1,750,  and  Harnden  and  Coe  accepted  it.  It  is  endorsed  by  F.  S.  Lee  and  Co.,  and  Barned  and  Co.  A  second  bill  was  brought  for  £950  by  L  ee  ,  an  d  d  ea  l  t  w  i  t  h  i  n  the  same  manner.  The  first  was  made  payable  to  F.  S.  Lee  and  Co.  ;  the  second  to  Cleland  and  Co.,  and  endorsed  by  -Lee  by  procuration.  Afterwards,  June  27,  a  second  bill  of  credit  came,  and  Lee  came  with  a  bill  for  £1,076,  drawn  in  favour  of  F.  S.  Lee,  Esq.,  at  sight  ;  it  is  endorsed  F.  S.  Lee,  and  Barned  and  C  o  .  H  e  a  l  so  b  rought  a  second  bill  for  £429,  drawn  and  accepted  in  the  same  manner.  After Afterwards,  wards, Afterwards,  July  8,  he  brought  a  bill  for  £495,  drawn  in  favour  of  Mr.  F.  S.  Lee,  which  we  accepted,  payable  November  11,  1850.  Cross-examined  :  I  left  Harnden  and  Co.  in  May,  1851.  It  was  a  branch  of  the  houses  in  Boston  and  New  York.  It  had  been  for  years  conducted  by  one  of  the  firm,  At  the  time  the  first  bill  of  credit  came,  Mr.  Osgood,  a  partner;  was  managing  the  Liverpool  betas  ess  ;  when  the  second  came,  a  gentleman  nailed  Barnes.  They  were  merchants,  ship shipbrokers,  brokers, shipbrokers,  passage-brokers,  and  bankers.  They  were  in  the  habit  of  giving  bills  to  a  small  extent  to  emigrants.  Taking  the  average  of  sight  bills  at  £5  each,  it  did  not  exceed  £lO  a  month.  The  business  done  in  remitting  money  from  emigrants  to  this  country  was  gigantic,  amounting  to  £176,000  a  year.  They  failed,  and  I  have  not  heard  they  have  paid  ls.  in  the  pound.  I  did  not  know  Mr.  Lee  except  in  this  business.  Mr.  Baines  :  I  was  manager  of  Harnden  and  Co.'s  busi business  ness business  from  February,  1850,  to  September,  1851.  I  believe  all  the  bills  were  paid  by  .Harnden  and  Co.  Cross-examined  :  I  believe  Hamden  and  Co,  suspended  payment  in  the  month  of  October.  The  amount  of  the  lia liabilities  bilities liabilities  of  the  Liverpool  branch  was  30,0001.  or  40,000/.  Perhaps  about  10,000/.  was  drawn  in  favor  of  emigrants,  but  a  large  portion  was  paid  in  full.  There  was  not  ls.  in  the  pound  paid  by  the  Live  r  p  oo  l  b  ranc  h  ,  b  ut  I  k  now  that  all  the  emigrant  notes  issued  i  n  N  ew  Y  or  k  were  pa  i  d  i  n  full.  'The  claims  of  the  London  creditors  were  remitted  to  the  States,  and  I  do  not  know  what  became  of  them.  Sir  F.  Thesiger  :  Probably  they  were  repudiated.  _  Mr.  Serjeant  Byles  :  That  is  not  a  fortunate  phrase  from  you,  for  we  are  here  in  consequence  of  youi  clients'  repudia  tion  Witness  :  We  received  the  money  to  answer  these  bills  from  Boston,  and  we  did  so.  Evidence  Was  then  given  of  the  .discounting  of  the  bills  by  Earned  and  Co.  and  the  Royal  British  bank;  of  loss  sus sustained  tained sustained  by  the  plaintiffs;  and  of  demand  upon,  and  refusal  by,  the  defendants  to  compensate  the  plaintiffs.  Mr.  Samuel  Cleland,  one  of  the  plaintiffs  :  I  carried  on  business  with  Mr.  Day  in  Boston.  I  was  in  England  in  1849,  and  lived  with  a  Mrs.  Morgan,  in  Surrey-street,  Strand.  Frederick  Saville  Lee  and  his  wife  and  family  were  also  residing  there.  We  became  introduced.  He  took  me  to  several  houses.  There  was  a  negotiation  as  to  his  becom becoming  ing becoming  manager  of  a  conttriplated  Loudon  business.  He  re represented  presented represented  himself  to  be  agent  for  several  foreign  houses.  I  afterwards  went  on  the  continent,  and  made  inquiry  at  those  houses  about  him.  Afterwards  he  became  the  manager  of  our  London  business.  A  discussion  ensued  as  to  the  amount  the  plaintiffs  had  lost  by  Lee,  and  a  suggestion  was  made  that  it  should  be  referred  to  arbitration,  in  consequence  of  which  the  exami examination  nation examination  in  chief  was  closed.  Cross-examined  :  When  I  employed  Lee  he  was-  only  acting  as  agent  for;houses  on  the  continent.  He  was  carrying  on  that  agency  business  under  the  name  of  F.  S.  Lee  and  Co.,  in  Little  Tower-street.  I  knew  that  Lee  and  Co.,  in  fact,  was  Mr.  Lee.  I  did  not  know  before  the  proposal  was  sent  to  the  defendant,  that  Overend,  Gurney,  and  Co.  had  refused,  to  discount  .the  bills  of  Harnden  and  Co.  I  did  not  know  their  credit  was  bad  before  the  date  of  the  policy.  I  received  the  letter  produced  from  Lee.  Harnden  and  Co.  failed  in  Boston.  We  also  failed  in  August,  1850.  We  commenced  business  in  1847.  lam  now  carrying  on  busi business  ness business  slightly.  Mr.  Day  is  clerk  in  a  house  in  New  York.  Some  of  our  creditors  were  paid  10s.  in  the  pound,  others  not  so  much.  Our  American  liabilities  were  60,000  or  79,000  dollars,  or  about  12,0001.  Ido  not  know  the  amount  of  our  liabilities  in  this.  country.  Lee  first  proposed  our  sending  blank  bills.  That  was  not  proposed  to  us  before  the  4th  December.  It  was  not  intended  to  be  entirely  a  colisgnment  business,  but  Lee  was  to  make  advances  on  consignments.  The  amount  of  consignments  which  Lee  influenced  in  six  months  was  a  little  over  2251.  The  amount  consigned  from  America  was  eleven  or  twelve  hundred'  dollars  for  lard  sent  before  the  policy,  but  received  afterwards.  Re.  examined  :  We  from  time  to  time  urged  him  to  con consign  sign consign  to  us.  We  gave  him  orders  to  send  us  goods,  which  he  did  not  do.  He  purchased  goods  for  us  to  the  extent  of  12231.  ss.  Amongst  that  was  100  tons  of  Welsh  bar  iron,  5271.  195.,  which  he  sold  again.  We  never  received  the  money  for  that  iron.  Our  failure  was  in  consequence  of  Lee's  .delinquencies.  We  lost  about  50001.  altogether  by  him.  Cross-examined  again  by  Sir  F.  Thesiger.—We  drew  several  bill  s  u  p  on  L  ee  an  d  C  o.  ,  w  hi  c  h  have  been  paid,  to  the  amount  of  £1497  4s.  7d.  Those  bills  were  drawn  for  money  he  had  in  our  hands.  I  mean  on  the  let  ter  of  credit.  There  were  11  bills  altogether  drawn  on  Lee  and  Co.,  exclusive  of  the  lard,  eight  of  which  were  drawn  by  us,  and  three  by  other  persons.  Cross-examined  upon  this  additional  evidence.—We  drew  these  bills  because  we  could  not  get  consignments,  and  the  money  was  lying  idle.  We  sold  the  bills  in  the  Boston  money  market.  We  provided  the  money  for  the  first  £2OOO  letter  of  credit  ;  when  the  second  letter  of  credit  became  due  we  had  stopped  payment.  Sir  F.  Thesiger  here  addressed  the  jury  for  the  defen defendents,  dents, defendents,  and  contended  that  notwithstanding  the  odium  and  loss  they  might  incdr  by  doing  so,  it  was  the  duty  of  the  defendants  to  resist  this  action—at  least  until  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  under  which  the  policy  had  been  effected  had  been  fully  investigated  by  a  jury.  Great  complaint  had  been  made  that  the  defendants  had  put  a  plea  of  fraud  upon  the  record;  but  he  would  explain  to  the  jury  why  that  was  'iuu.,  and  glgo  why  it  was  not  done  sooner.  When  the  plaintiffs'  demand  was  first  mane  up  tho  dofouclante  they  were  very  desirous  of  seein  g  th  e  correspondence  between  the  plaintiffs  and  their  agent  Lee,  but  they  were  only  allowed  to  see  extracts,  and  when  they  proposed  to  compare  those  extracts  with  the  originals,  the  application  to  do  so  was  refused.  Under  these  circumstances  they  were  driven  to  file  a  bill  in  Chancery,  and  it  was  not  until  March  last,-when  all  the  correspondence  was  brought  into  the  Record  and  Writ  Office,  that  the  defendants  had  an  opportunity  of  perusing  it.  Up  to  that  time  they  did  not  know  but  that  the  business  had  been  carried  on  in  the  usual  mercantile  manner,  but  upon  pe  r  usi  ng  th  e  correspon  de  nce  they  found  that  such  was  not  the  case.  The  jury  would  re remember  member remember  the  questions  put  to  the  plaintiff's  before  the  policy  was  effected,  and  the  plaintiffs'  answers  to  them.  Would  they  have  conjectured  from  those  questions  and  answers  that  instead  of  being  a  business  for  thepurpose  of  effecting  consign consignments,  ments, consignments,  that  it  was  to  be  a  business  carried  on  by  a  system  of  accommodation  bills,  byletters  of  credit  upon  an  insolvent  firm,  and  by  bills  sent  to  Lee  in  blank,  without  even  a  stamp  to  limit  the  amount  of  them  ?  He  would  read  to  the  jury  some  extracts  from  the  correspondence  between  the  plaintiffs'  and  Mr.  Lee,  their  agent.  On  the  9th  of  October,  1849,  the  plaintiffs  wrote  In  looking  over  the  papers  we  per perceive  ceive perceive  you  limit  the  branch  in  London  to  influencing  con consignments  signments consignments  from  America,  and  that  it  should  do  no  business  on  its  own  account.  This  would  be  objec objectionable,  tionable, objectionable,  for  why  should  it  not  do  all  the  profitable  business  it  could  from  the  Continent  find  other  places  as  well  as  from  America'?&#34;  On  the  26th  of  October  Lee  wrote  to  plaintiffs  The  second  grand  object  in  jour  having  a  branch  hors  would  be  an  open  or  blank  credit  to  any  On  the  6th  of  November  plaintiffs  wrote  to  Lee  We  should  have  preferred  that  you  would  Dave  acted  as  our  agent  in  obtaining  consignments  of  goods  to  begin  with,  and  after  a  while  we  might  have  made  other  satisfactory  arrangements.  We  could  then  have  increased  the  facilities,  and  have  given  you  not  only  the  credit  for  42000,  but  could  also  have  made  it  nearly  double  in  other  ways  which  is  now  unnecessary  to  mention.  It  is  rather  difficult  for  us  to  draw  all  the  time  on  our  own  house  in  London—such  bills  are  always  looked  upon  with  suspicion,  as  a  kind  of  kiting  business,  but  if  you  were  always  acting  for  us  under  your  own  name  we  could  draw  on  you  at  all  times  on  90  days,  and  send  you  bills  on  60  days,  which,  yo  u  ,could  get  discounted,  and  thus  be  flush  iu  fends  for  advnnees  all  the  time.  In  our  present  arrangements  with  Hamden"
