text
"PORTUGAL  , STYLE=superscript  R  i  s  ( STYLE=superscript  IN,  Dec.  9.—The  ceremony  of  breaking  took  place  on  the  3rd.  This  is  an  an an-4  -4 an-4  t STYLE=superscript  it  y  ..,,elistom  - STYLE=superscript  which  shoUld  have  taken  place  the STYLE=superscript  a4.ter  the  monarch's  funeral,  but  it  was  forgot-  Platform  being  erected  in  each  of  three  10-4  4  to  tcl  &#34;'  - STYLE=superscript  -Commercial  (black-horse)  square,  Don  oc  e  S  quare,  and  the  square  of  St.  Anthony—a  c  a  nal  ,lion  took  place  in  due  order  from  the  muni munipl,,,,,'lamber,  pl,,,,,'lamber, munipl,,,,,'lamber,  and  at  each  of  the  places  the  follow follow\t(ltt4'lls  \t(ltt4'lls follow\t(ltt4'lls  being  audibly  spoken,  namely,  Weep,  i  t  ‘'hrißusse;  because  your.  Queen,  the  Lady  Donna  t  h  t STYLE=superscript  he  second,  is  a  shield  - STYLE=superscript  was  broken,  ,  s  t STYLE=superscript  etr  i  ,  r STYLE=superscript  elwn  on  the  floor;  after  which  a  religious  ti  i  4 STYLE=superscript  3  7. STYLE=superscript  took  place  in  St.  Anthony's  church.  •  Lord  Talbot  and  Colonel  Wylde  arrived,  64  1 STYLE=superscript  free  pratique  given  them.  The  American  tt  i  Bl  4  ,  r, STYLE=superscript  although  on  board  the  same  packet,  was  %  k  r,  11  ,;`  e STYLE=superscript  d  to  quarantine,.  but  on  writing  a  tolerably  p  ra  te  - STYLE=superscript  '  1 STYLE=superscript  to  the  minister  of  foreign  affairs,  it  is  xe6  gee  was  given  him'also.  •  •  ',  54  ;  discount  of  notes,  2;  per  cent.  BRITISH  AMERICA:  tptllt  I‘  .l  Je  et  olltreal  Herald  contains  an  article  on  the  t  •  ef  the  trade  of  that  port,  and  the  amount  3'1  4  41  4  to  learnelec  .the  prdsent  year.  It  is  grafi grafithat  that grafithat  both  - STYLE=superscript  have  been  increased,  in  a  Most  extraordinary  manner.  We  clip  the  follow following  ing following  extract  from  the  article  alluded  to  The  whole  collection  of  duties  last  yeiir  in  this  port  amounted  to  £333  ;  298  5  so  that  with  the  im  portations  after  the  10th  of  October  still  unac  counted  for  ;  we  are  already  more  than  £48,000  in  advance  of  the  whole  customs  collected  last  year  at  the  port  of  Montreal  alone.  From  these  figures  we  may  therefOre  begin  to  forni  some  proximate  estimate  of  the  prObable  increase  of  the  revenue  of  the  country,  for  the  current  twelve  months.  In  1.852  of  £739,203  gross  collections  for  customs  £333,298,  or  not  quite  one  half  were  received  in  the  port  of  Montreal.  If  then,  we  take  it  for  granted,  that  the  importation  in  other  ports  has  kept  pace  with  the  importation  to  Montreal,  we  cannot  put  down  the  increase  of  revenue  at  much  less  than  £200,000,  that  is  to  say  about  one  third  of  what  the  whole  revenue  of  the  country  was  only  some  four  or  five  years  The  Mirimichi,  (New  Brunswick)  Gleaner  says:  We  do  not  remember  ever  having  experienced  at  this  early  period  of  the  season  such  intensely  cold  weather  as  we  have  had  during  the  past  week.  Our  river  from  Saturday  morning  until  last  night,  was  fast  bound  in  ice,  on  Friday  the  channel  was  open,  but  so  intense  was  the  eold  on  the  following  night,  that  early  next  morning  persons  crossed  over  to  the  opposite  shore.  A  large  body  of  men  have  been  buSily  employed  since  Monday,  cutting  out  Messrs.  HaWes  and  Mitchell's  new  ship,  the  Golden  Light,  which  vessel  was  built  at  their  yard  In  Newcastle.  This  morning  she  was  opposite  to  Douglastown.  This  is  an  arduous  task  ;  and  we  hope  their  labors  will  be  crowned  with  success.  Last  night  it  was  extremely  mild  with  a  high  wind  from  southwest,  this  Morning  is  soft  with  every  appearance  of  rain.  The  ice  is  rapidly  breaking  up,  and  if  the  same  weather  continues  until  even evening,  ing, evening,  we  may  expect  to  see  a  clear  river.  As  we  go  to  press  at  one  o'clock,  the  ice  is  broken  nip,  and  the  Golden  Light  is  passing  doWn  ;  aniidst  the  cheers  and  firing  of  guns-.  the  Indians  in  Canada  predict  a  very  told  winter.  They  predicate  their  opinion  from  the  Manner  in  which  the  Muskrats  are  fortifying  their  habitations.  The  St.  John  N.B.  Courier  announces  the  arrival  of  the  packet  ship  Middleton,  from  Liverpool,  in  53  days  with  . STYLE=superscript  291  passengers,  all  in  good  health.  Two  children  died  on  the  passage,  and  there  were  two  births.  The  Middleton  experienced  very  severe  weather,  with  a  succession  of  gales  from  west  to  north-west,  which  continued  from  the  23rd  of  October  to  the  7th  of  November,  without  scarcely  any  intermission,  during  which  time  the  vessel  lost  a  full  suit  of  sails,  and  several  spars,  besides  having  suffered  severely  in  her  rigging.  ORDINATION  BY  THE  LORD  BISHOP  OF  MAN-  CHESTER.  The  Lord  Bishop  of  Manchester  held  an  ordination  in  the  parish  church  of  Prestwich,  near  Manchester,  on  Sunday  last,  when  the  following  gentlemen  were  ordained,  and  afterwards  licensed  to  stipendary  curacies  :  DEAcoxs,—Benjamin  Batty,  M.A.,  St.  John's,  Oxford,  to  Walton-le-Dale;  James  Chell  to  St.  Barnabas's  Man Manchester;  chester; Manchester;  Edmund  Creek  Hore  to  St.  Philip's,  Bradford,  Manchester-road  ;  Joseph  Lowe,  8.A.,  Trinity,  Cambridge,  to  Chipping  ;  Arthur  Townley  Parker,  8.A.,  Trinity,  Can Canbridge,  bridge, Canbridge,  to  Deane  ;  Francis  Deacle  Rabbitts,  B.A„  St.  John's,  Cambridge,  to  Habergham  Eaves  ;  William  Sheldon  Reece,  8.A.,  Emmanuel  College,  Cambridge,  to  Ardenshaw;  John  Reynolds,  8.A.,  Trinity  C  o  ll  ege  ,  D  u  bli  n  ,  t  o  St.  M  a  tthi  as  '  s  ,  Salford  ;  Frederick  Sleep,  8,A,,  Trinity  College,  Cambridge,  to  St.  Clements,  Rochdale.  Hedgson  Blamire,  St.  Bee;  Cumber Cumberland  land Cumberland  ;  James  Davenport  Kelly,  8.A.,  Wadham  College,  Ox Oxford  ford Oxford  ;  Philip  Henry  Lee,  B.  A.,  Worcester,  College,  Oxford  ;  John  Marshall,  St.  Bees'  College,  Cumberland;  Arthur  Packer,  8.A.,  St.  Edmund  Hall  Oxford  ;  George  Frederick  Prescott,  M.A.,  Trinity  College,  Cambridge  ;  Frederick  William  Ripley,B.A.,  Magdalen  College,  Cambridge  ;  John  Edmund  Sedgwick,  8.A.,  Trinity  College,  Dublin  ;  Thomas  Wade,  M.A.,  Exeter  College,  Oxford  ;  Thomas  Ba  dwell,  8.A.,  St.  John's  College,  Cambridge.  SAINT  SIMON'S  SUNDAY  AND  DAY  SCHOOLS.  The  annual  tea-party  in  connection  with  the  St.  Simon's  Sunday  and  day  schools,  took  place  at  the  Concert-hall  last  night.  There  was  a  very  large  attendance,  the  galleries,  body  of  the  hall,  and  platform,  being  densely  crowded.  The  hall  was  decorated  tastefully  with  evergreens  and  banners,  bearing  appropriate  inscriptions.  At  half-past  six  o'clock  tea  was  served  in  the  hall.  The  chair  was  taken  by  the  Rev.  John  Conor.  M.A.  Among  the  clergymen  upon  the  platform  were—  Rev.  James  McAllister,  Rev.  T.  C.  Cowan,  Rev.  John  J.  Butler,  Rev.  David  Barry,  Rev.  Henry  Marler,  Rev.  Ste Stephen  phen Stephen  B.  Sutton,  Rev.  Dr.  Hume,  Rev.  Ormsby  Powell,  Rev.  Mr.  Sheldon,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  Prayers  having  been  offered  by  Rev.  Mr.  M'Allister,  the  children  of  the  schools  executed  with  feeling  and  taste,  the  anthem  How  beautiful  upon  the  THE  CHAIRMAN  then  addressed  the  meeting.  In  the  course  of  his  observations  he  expressed  his  approval  of  the  exertions  which  had  been  made  by  the  congregation  and  by  the  children  of  the  schools  since  their  last  congregational  tea-party  in  January.  The  children  had  contributed  up upwards  wards upwards  of  in  farthings,  and  the  congregation  £316,  for  the  purpose  of  building  the  new  schools.  With  the  promise  of  assistance  which  they  had  received  they  should  probably  have  between  £2OOO  and  £3OOO.  On  the  Ist  of  October  the  balance  due  to  the  secretary  of  the  schools  was  £2l  4s  6d.  Since  then  they  had  received  £22  7s  71d,  which,  after  paying  the  secretary,  would  only  leave  a  balance  in  hands  of  £1  3s  led  to  meet  the  expenses  of  the  quarter.  The  Chair Chairman  man Chairman  then  delivered  an  earnest  and  eloquent  appeal  to  the  congregation  to  come  forward  with  their  assistance  in  order  to  enable  the  institution  to  meet  the  difficulties  in  which  it  was  placed.  The  meeting  was  then  addressed  by  Rev.  Messrs.  Cowan,  Hume,  Butler,  Barry,  Marlen,  Sutton,  and  Powell,  and  col collections  lections collections  was  made  and  the  proceedings  closed  with  an  an anthem  them anthem  sung  by  the  children  of  the  schools.  SPORTING  INTELLIGENCE.  TATTERSALLS.  —YESTERDAY.  CHESTER  CUP.  50  to  1  against  Tom,  late  Mountain  Hawk.  66  to  1  against  Newminster  (taken).  OFFERS  TO  TAKE.  40  to  1  about  Virago.  9  to  1  against  Tom  King  (taken).  33  to  I  against  Andover  (taken).  40  to  1  against  Meteora  (taken).  Capt  de  Laporte  was  tried  and  acquitted  on  Friday,  for  the  murder  of  General  de  Neuilly.  The  Marquis  of  Anglesea  has  left  town  for  Beaudesert,  where  his  lordship  will  receive  a  family  circle  at  the  close  of  the  week,  for  the  holidays.  The  prelimin  irks  of  a  marriage  are  said  to  be  arranged  between  Lord  Bateman  and  Miss  Kerrison,  daughter  of  the  late  general  Sir  Edward  Kerrison,  and  sister  to  Lady  Mahon.  FIRES  IN  LONDON.—On  Saturday  night,  and  up  to  5  a.m.  on  Tuesday  morning,  seven  fires  occurred  in  London.  None  of  them  were  serious.  A  person  named  Thomas  Ambley,  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions,  on  a  charge  of  having,  on  Saturday  afternoon,  stolen  a  quantity  of  liad  and  a  brass  tap  from  an  empty  house  in  Copeland-street,  Greenhays.  ROBBERIES  FROM  BUTCHERS'  SHOPS.  —Yesterday,  at  the  Manchester  city  police-court,  a  person  named  Michael  Reddock,  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sessions,  on  two  charges  of  having,  a  few  days  previously,  broken  into  two  butchers'  shops  in  Oldham-road,  and  stolen  therefrom  a  quantity  of  meat.  M  ORE  MEAT  STEALlNG.—Yesterday,  at  the  city  police policecourts  courts policecourts  Manchester,  a  middle-aged  Irishman  was  committed  to  prison  for  twenty-one  days  with  hard  labour,  for  having,  on  Saturday  night,  stolen  a  piece  of  mutton  from  a  butcher's  shop  in  Ancoats-street.  Two  men,  named  Martin  Burke  and  Thomas  Brady,  were  charged  with  having,  on  Sunday  morning  early,  taken  part  in  an  affray  in  Pickford-street,  Oldham  road,  in  which  ser sergeant  geant sergeant  Walton  was  severely  injured.  The  sergeant  was  un unable,  able, unable,  from  illness,  to  attend,  and  the  prisoners  were  remanded  to  Saturday  next.  BREAKING  SQUARES  OF  GLASS.—At  the  Manchester  city  police-court,  yesterday,  two  females,  named  Jane  Rhode  and  Mary  Jackson,  were  charged  with  having,  on  Saturday  night,  been  diSorderly  and  breaking  several  squares  of  glass  in  the  public-house  kept  by  Mrs.  Poole,  Deansgate.  To  be  imprisoned  for  ei  g  ht  d  a  y  s  w  ith  h  ar  d  labour.  DEATH  OF  THE  COUNTESS  OF  MAR  AND  KELLIE.  The  death  of  the  Countess  of  Mar  and  Kellie,  took  place  at  Alloa  House,  Clackmannanshire  on  Thursday  afternoon.  Her  ladyship  was  a  d  aug  ht  er  o  f  the  late  Sir  Charles  G.  S.  Monteath,  Bart.,  and  was  married  to  the  Earl  of  Mar  and  Kellie  in  1827.  PRESTON  STRIKE.—The  number  of  persons  assisted  at  Preston  on  Saturday  last,  the  16th  week  of  the  strike,  was  15,502,  and  the  amount  distributed  £2,908  7s.  9d.  The  previous  week  the  number  relieved  was  14,972,  and  the  cost  £2;820  Bs.  From  this  it  will  be  seen  that  the  increase  this  week  in  the  number  of  hands  receiving  relief  has  been  530,  and  the  amount  paid  £B7  19s.  3d.  The  sum  disbursed  by  the  respective  committees  since  the  commencement  of  the  strike  now  amounts7to  close  up  . STYLE=superscript  on  £30,000.  FATAL  ACCIDENT  BY  MACRINERY.—Mr.  Herford,  coroner,  for  the  city  of  Manchester,  held  an  inquest  at  the  Royal  Infirmary,  touching  the  death  of  Thomas  Statham,  of  22,  Sheffield-street,  Hulme,  aged  38  years,  leaving  a  widow  and  four  children.  The  deceased  was  in  the  employment  of  Messrs.  Sharp  and  Stewart,  of  the  Atlas  works,  and  about  three  weeks  ago  was  engaged  in  oiling  a  shaft.  when  he  was  caught  by  the  machinery,  by  which  his  right  arm  was  torn  off.  The  arm  was  amputated  at  the  infirmary,  but  hemorr hemorrhage  hage hemorrhage  followed,  and  he  died  in  consequence.  Verdict,  s'  Accidental  1n  ELAND.  rißOioi  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  DOBLIN,  Mortrykr.  New  whiskey  has  been  reduced  3d.  per  gallon  in  price  in  the  Dublin  market.  The  question  of  request  as  they  are  called  in  Ireland,  that  is  receipts  for  whiskey  in  bond,  which  may  have  been  banded  over  from  a  holder  to  a  purchaser,  has  been  decided  in  favour  of  the  holder.  Those  notes,  in  other  words,  are  declared  transferable.  The  Customs  duties  of  Dublin  were  V-9,400  last  week,  against  £15,100  in  the  corresponding  week  of  1852.  The  Galway  Packet  states  that  it  has  from  private  authority,  that  a  deptitatiOri  of  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway  directors  waited  on  Lord  Palmerston  a  few  days  back,'  asking  his  support  for  the  project  of  a  rail  Way.  from  Tullainore  to  Athlone,  and  that  his  Lordship  refused  to  comply  with  the  request.  It  is  rumoured  that  Sir  Thomas  Burke,  the  whig,  member  for  Galway  County,  is  about  to  resign  his  seat.  If  he  does,  it  will  most  probably  be  for  a  peerage,  for  Which  he  has  long  beeii  Dr.  Allnian;  Of  Trinity  College,  Dublin,  has  been  appointed  to  the  professorship  of  mathe mathematics  matics mathematics  in  the  Queen's  College,  Galway,  vacant  by  the  death  of  Mr.  Mulcahy.  IRISH  BEET  SUGAR.  __..The  correspondent  of  a  Dublin  journal,  states  that  the  samples  of  the  present  seaSpn'S  Makufacluië  Of  the  triSh  Beet  Root  Sugar  Cothpany  have  been  kindly  sent  to  him  by  Mr.  Hirsch,  their  general  manager  in  Ireland  The  quality  is  very  superior,  both  in  grain  and  colour,  and  perfectly  free  from  any  peculiar  flavour.  COLLISION  IN  KINGSTON  HARBOUIL—There  was  a  fearful  sea  in  Dublin  bayyesterday,  iri  COliselptence  of  a  severe  easterly  breeke.  tven  Kingston  har harbour  bour harbour  hardly  afforded  sufficient  protection  to  the  shipping,  and  a  sloop  laden  with  Indian  corn,  got  in  collision  with  a  brig,  and  immediately  went  down.  Fortunately  none  'of  the  crew  were  lost,  but  the  wreck  which  now  lies  near  the  entrance  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  har harbour,  bour, harbour,  Will  be  very  inconvenient.  BELGIAN  TREATMENT.  OF  GIRLS—Your  readers  will  recollect  that  some  time  since  it  was  canvassed  in  Belfast,  with  considerable  warmth,  how  the  Bel Belgians  gians Belgians  had  treated  certain  yoling  women  of  that  town,  who  had  gone  thither  to  instruct  the  opera operatives  tives operatives  of  Belgiuni  in  the  peculiar  products  of  Bel Belfast—the  fast—the Belfast—the  sewed  muslin  trade  among  the  principal.  These  young  women  were  said  to  have  been  badly  . STYLE=superscript  treated,  and  meeting  was  held  in  Belfast  to  pro protest  test protest  against  the  hardships  dealt  to  them.  In  Bel Belgium  gium Belgium  it  was  denied,  but  the  following  article  ;  which  we  find  in  the  Northern  Irhig,  founded  on  an  offi official  cial official  inquiry,  makes  known  the  facts  Belfast  houses  do  not  fear,  they  rather  invite  competition  ;  and  they  think  that  rivalry  is  good.  But  Belfast  merchants  are  not  deaf  to  the  claims  of  humanity,  and  they  cannot  sanction,  or  cannot  regard  as  fair  or  honest,  such  proceedings  as  have  lately  been  re resorted  sorted resorted  to  by  a  Belgian  house,  with  a  view  of  enter entering  ing entering  upon  a  course  of  competition  with  them  in  the  production  of  that  commodity  for  which  they  have  won  a  world-wide  reputation,  and  in  which  they  are  unequalled.  It  may  be  in  the  recollection  of  our  readers,  that  some  months  ago,  a  most  influential  meeting  was  held  in  Belfast,  at  which  the  cases  of  some  poor  young  women,  who  had  been  induced  to  leave  Belfast  for  a  flax  spinning  mill  in  Belgium,  were  considered,  and  resolutions,  which  certainly  were  of  a  very  calm  character,  circumstances  consi considered,  dered, considered,  were  adopted.  The  Belgian  firm  became  intensely  irate  in  consequence,  and  fulminated  insi  nuations  that  were  almost  threats,  against  the  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  who  had  officially  communicated  the  dis distresses  tresses distresses  of  the  poor  girls,  who  had  been  induced  to  leave  their  homes,  as  also  against  their  calum  in  the  press,  whose  only  offence,  it  appears.  was  telling  the  truth.  A.  judicial  hearing  of  the  case,  as  taken  from  the  Brussels  Herald,  will  satisfy  every  reader  that  the  strictures  on  the  task-masters  of  the  poor  girls,  who  appear  as  complainants,  were  in  no  degree  undeserved.—The  wages  of  the  girls  appear  to  have  been  stopped  on  very  flimsy  pre pretences  tences pretences  ;  and,  by  way  of  defence,  the  representatives  of  the  defendants,  and  the  son  of  one  of  them,  al alleged  leged alleged  that  the  poor  girls—who  were  stricken  with  illness,  apparently  from  over-labour,  and  who  were  then  turned  out  of  doors—were  drunkards  and  thieves,  the  only  reason  that  could  be  alleged  for  the  latter  calumny  being,  that  one  of  the  complain complainants,  ants, complainants,  while  wearing  an  apron,  value  for  about  3d.  of  our  money,  in  the  mill,  when  turned  out  of  doors,  forgot  to  divest  herself  of  the  paltry  piece  of  cloth,  and  brought  it  to  her  lodging,  where  it  now  remains  afterher.  Broken  engagements,  seductive  promises,  and  bad  faith  characterise  the  proceedings  of  the  Belgian  firm  in  this  case,  which  is  of  su(l  a  char character  acter character  that  it  is  not  likely  the  same  persons  can  ever  again  hope  to  bring  Irish  workers  to  their  premises  to  teach  their  employes  our  improved  system  of  Mr.  H.  M'Calmont  Cairns,  M.P.  for  Belfast,  and  a  deputation,  had  an  interview  with  the  Earl  of  Aberdeen  on  Wednesday,  at  4is  official  residence  in  Downing•street.  MEXICAN  - STYLE=superscript  VICE-CONSULATE.  -  Her  Majesty  has  been  phased  to  sanction  the  appointment  of  Mr.  Roderick  Kamcke,  as  vice  consul  of  the  republic  of  Mexico  at  the  port  of  Belfast,  in  the  place  of  Mr.  Joseph  Magill.  We  learn  from  Saunders's  News  Letter,  Dublin  Journal,  that  the  Earl  of  Londesborough  has  deter determined  mined determined  upon  founding  and  endowing  a  church  on  the  banks  of  Lough  Erne.  The  Londonderry  and  Enniskillen  railway  is  completed  the  length  of  Dromore,  twelve  miles  from  Enniskillen,  and  will  commence  to  run.  They  are  fitting  up  the  electric  telegraph  along  the  line.  CHANCERY  REGULATION  ACT.—For  the  first  time  since  the  passing  of  this  act,  which  came  into  operation  in  Ireland,  iu  November,  1850,  a  viva  voce  examination  of  witnesses  took  place  in  the  Court  of  Chancery,  iu  the  cause  of  S'herl)ck  v.  Bennett.  The  Lord  Chancellor  took  notes  of  the  evidence,  as  a  judge  at  nisi  Arius.  This  mode,  which  was  not  adopted  too  hastily,  is  said  to  have  given  satisfaction,  and  there  was  an  immediate  decree.  THREATENING  A  PARISH  PRIEST.—The  Zing/0  Celt  announces  a  novelty  in  whiteboyism,  namely,  the  serving  a  threatening  notice  on  a  parish  priest.  There  are  1,500  men  employed  on  the  Portrush  extension  of  the  Belfast  and  Ballymena  railway  Mr.  Dargan  is  contractor.  SHUTTING  THE  GATES  OF  DERRY.--The  anniver anniversary  sary anniversary  of  shutting  the  was  celebrated  by  the  orange  'prentices&#34;  of  Derry  on  this  day.  All  the  passengers  belonging  to  the  Guiding  Star,  in  charge  of  the  Belfast  union,  have  left  the  workhouse  for  their  respective  places  of  destina destinanation,  nation, destinanation,  the  Belfast  government  officer  of  emigra emigration  tion emigration  having  procured  for  them  the  amount  of  their  passage-money.  KING  V.  KlNG.—This  case,  in  which  the  rather  serious  question  of  the  existence  or  non-existence  of  a  marriage,  and  the  possession  of  ten  thousand  pounds,  are  concerned,  still  proceeds.  The  allega  tions  on  the  side  of  the  plaintiff,  as  I  before  stated,  were,  that  she  was  married  to  the  late  Captain  King,  in  1837,  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  Schutz,  a  German  clergyman,  who  was  in  the  habit  of  celebrating,  clandestine  alliances.  Captain  King,  it  was  de deposed,  posed, deposed,  was  passing  under  the  name  of  Callen,  which  he  signed  in  the  registry  kept  by  the  clergyman,  and  the  plaintiff  swore  that  she  wrote  the  name  of  King,  instead  of  Smith,  her  maiden  name.  The  defence  is  two-fold;  first,  that  such  a  marriage  never  took  place,  and  secondly,  that  if  it  did,  Cap Captain  tain Captain  King  was  insane  at  the  time.  The  Attorney-  General  took  a  whole  day  in  addressing  the  jury  on  both  branches  ;  and  amongst  other  things  he  stated  that  persons  would  he  brought  forward  to  prove  that  the  names  of  Callen  and  King  appear appearing  ing appearing  in  Schultz's  registry  belonged  to  different  people  altogether,  who  had  been  discovered  through  the  medium  of  an  advertisement.  Those  parties  were  brought  forward  to-day,  and,  it  is  no  exagge exaggeration  ration exaggeration  to  say  that  their  evidence  totally  broke  down.  In  the  testimony  of  the  husband  and  wife  there  were  the  most  glaring  discrepancies,  and  the  matter  was  clenched  by  a  third  person,  who  was  subpcened  to  swear  that  he  had  known  the  parties  as  man  and  wife.  This  he  did  rather  too  well,  for  he  declared  they  were  so  for  thirty  years  at  least,  which,  if  true,  would  put  their  marriage  much  farther  back  than  1837.  The  remaining  parts  of  the  case,  which  are  very  complicated,  still  go  on.  The  archbishop  of  Dublin  has  addressed  a  letter  to  the  protestant  inhabitants  of  Dublin,  complain complaining  ing complaining  of  their  generally  irregular  attendance  at,  and  irreverent  behaviour  in,  church.  'Considering  that  his  Grace  is  twenty  years  and  upwards  in  the  exalted  position  he  now  holds,  he  could  hardly  have  pronounced  a  graver  or  more  deliberate  censure  upon  his  own  administration  of  his  dioce diocesan  san diocesan  functions.  LIVERPOOL  BAYKRUPTCY  COURT.  (BEFORE  3iR.  COMMISSIONER  PERRY).  Ine  ioseplt  PerePeile.  The  bankrupt  in  this  case  Came  up  on  his  last  examination,  an  amended  balance  sheet  having  been  tiled.  It  appeared  that  the  bankrupt  estimated  the  value  of  the  goods  on  the  premises  at  the  time  of  the  fire  at  £2500.  fie  received  from  the  insurance  office  £1475,  and  he  realised  from  the  stock  saved  £3OO,  and  his  loss  by  fire  was  put  down  at  £872  15s.  10d,  He  was  examined  at  some  length  relative  to  the  balance  put  down  for  loss  by  fire,  which,  however,  seemed  to  have  originated  in  mistake.  The  bankrupt  had  no  account  of  his  receipts  or  payments  for  three  months  before.  his  bankruptcy.  He  could  give  no  better  account  than  what  he  had  done  of  the  papers  which  were  produced  before  the  arbitrators  with  reference  to  his  claim  against  the  insurance  company  ;  nor  could  he  give  any  better  account  of  hip  trading,  or  of  his  estate  and  effects,  than  was  contained  in  his  amended  balance  sheet,  Mr.  'VAT  - STYLE=superscript  Es  said  he  had  asked  all  such  questions  a.  , STYLE=superscript  he  was  justified  in  asking;  and  he  had  no  other  question  to  put  to  the  bankrupt  before  his  Honor  decided  the  question  whether  the  bankrupt  should  or  should  not  pass.  In  the  first  instance  he  woulo  direct  attention  to  the  bankrupt's  papers.  It  was  admittek.  by  his  solicitor  that  a  large  hamper  of  papers,  being  all  tht  documents  and  Vouchers  precio,ecti  d&amp;  i  cLiA,  with  reference  to  the  insurance  company,  was  returned  .  Mr.  Pemberton's  office,  and  from  his  office  they  were  sei  down  to  the  bankrupt's  premises  in  Paradise-street.  II  (Mr.  Yates)  had  no  reason  to  suppose  but  that  every  paps,  produced  before  the  arbitrators,  and  there  was  a  Brea.  mu  titude  of  them,  Was  returned  into  the  bankrupt's  ow  nossessiori  immediately  after  they  came  from  the  arbitrators.  Subsequently  the  messenger  asked  for  the  papers,  and  the  bankrupt  said  he  would  get  them  out  for  him,  and  in  a  dad  or  two  afterwards,  a  bundle  of  papers,  comparatively  small,  and  partially  burned,  was  handed  to  the  messenger,  as  all  the  papers  and  evidence  which  had  been  produced  before  the  arbitrators,  Nothing  in  fact  had  been  given  up  to  the  tssigneeS  but  some  bunted  papers;  the  retnse  of  the  fire.  His  Honor  would  consider,  therefore,  whether  the  bankrupt  had  made  such  a  disclosure,  and  had  given  up  his  books  and  papers  so  as  to  satisfy  the  requirements  of  the  statute.  Then  as  regarded  the  property  it  appeared  on  all  hand,  that  it  had  been  .  represented  by  Mr:  Pemberton,  who  had  a  list,  to  the  creditors,  that  the  propert's  saved  from  the  fire  was  not  damaged  at  all,  (there  were  two  descriptions,  some  damaged,  and  the  other  un untouched  touched untouched  altogether),  amounted  to  the  value  of  from  £5OO  to.  £6OO.  The  bankrupt  took  o.session  of  this  property,  which  had  been  since  sold,  and  in  his  balance  -  sheet  he  merel3  accounted  for  lan.  Those  were  the  two  propositions  which  he  thought  it  proper  to  bring  before  the  court,  as  resulting  from  the  balance-sheet.  Whether  the  court  thought  the  present  was  the  proper  time  to  deal  with  the  bankrupt  for  the  other  offence  he  did  not  know,  or  whether  it  would  be  left  for  some  future  period.  He  did  not  need  to  go  into  the  question,  and,  therefore,  he  directed  his  honor's  attention  to  the  two  points  which  he  had  indicated.  Then  there  were  no  books;  and  lastly  the  whole  account,  'Whatever  it  was,  was  of  a  very  unsatisfactory  character,  and  a  mere  manufacture  from  beginning  to  end.  He  (Mr.  Yates)  was  not  aware  there  were  any  vouchers  to  check  the  balance-sheet.  With  those  observations  he  should  leave  it  with  the  court  to  de decide  cide decide  whether  the  bankrupt  should  pass.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  said  the  question  was  whether  the  bank bankrupt  rupt bankrupt  had  made  such  a  disclosure  of  his  estate  and  effects  as  he  could,  It  was  alleged  first  that  he  had  not  delivered  up  his  papers;  secondly,  that  he  had  not  accounted  for  the  property;  and  thirdly,  that  he  had  given  an  account  which  was  not  satisfactory.  Now,  with  regard  to  the  papers  which  were  before  the  arbitrators,  he  had  satisfactory  evidence  to  adduce  before  the  court  what  had  become  of  those  papers.  It  m  ould  appear  that  the  bankrupt's  wife,  who  had  had,  not  only  in  this,  but  in  the  whole  of  the  previous  trading  of  the  bank bankrupt,  rupt, bankrupt,  the  entire  management;  immediately  after  the  papers,  which  consist(  d  chiefly  of  invoices,  were  returned.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  In  this  case  the  invoices  were  very  important  documents.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  .No  doubt  they  were;  but  they  were  documents  readily  obtained  again  by  application.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  In  fact,  they  were  not  very  honestly  given.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  They  were  not.  Immediately  after  the  papers  were  returned,  they  were  destroyed  by  the  bank bankrupt's  rupt's bankrupt's  wife  ;  and  she  was  ready,  with  a  youth,  who  was  at  that  time  in  their  service,  to  testify  to  their  destruction.  The  bankrupt  had  nothing  to  do  with  it,  and  the  papers  delivered  by  her  to  the  messenger,  were  papers  she  after afterwards  wards afterwards  found.  The  COMMISSIONER  thought  the  bankrupt  had  stated  that  he  and  his  wife  had  looked  over  the  papers  delivered  to  the  messenger.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  believed  it  was  the  wife  who  said  so,  and  it  was  she  who  gave  the  papers  that  were  given.  With  regard  to  the  property  it  was  described  in  three  clauses  :  the  property  consumed  ;  salvage,  which  was  taken  possession  of  by  the  Insurance  company;  and  the  property  consumed,  for  which  they  claimed  £2.000,  and  for  which  the  insurance  company  gave  them  £1,475.  The  salvage,  he  believed,  although  no  account  was  rendered,  realized  £3OO.  Then  as  regarded  the  property  saved  and  not  damaged,  amounting  to  something  between  £4OO  and  £6OO,  as  represented  to  the  creditors  in  February  of  the  present  year.  It  was  correct  that  this  representation  had  been  made,  believing  it  was  true,  that  the  property  was  of  that  amount.  But  when  it  consisted  of  trays,  brushes,  &amp;e.,  and  when  it  came  to  be  un unpacked  packed unpacked  they  were  found  not  to  be  destroyed,  but  so  damaged  that  when  taken  out  of  the  papers,  the  papier  mache  trays  were  so  blistered,  and  the  property  which,  if  not  damaged  at  all,  would  have  realised  £6OO,  only  realised  £3OO.  The  bankrupt  had  accounted  for  that  money,  and  shown  how  he  had  applied  it  :  if  he  hadgiven  the  best  information  he  could,  and  if  it  only  realised  that  amont,  surely  he  had  given  the  best  information  he  could  concerning  his  estate  and  effects.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  Does  Mr.  Yates  admit  that  ?  Mr.  PEMBERTON  would  show  it  by  the  testimony  of  Mrs.  Peverelle.  As  regarded  the  acceptances  not  being  satisfac satisfactorily  torily satisfactorily  made  up,  it  should  be  recollected  that,  with  the  excep exception  tion exception  of  two  books,  which  were  produced  before  the  arbitra arbitrators,  tors, arbitrators,  and  which  the  official  assignee  h  a  d,  all  th  e  books  were  destroyed  by  fire  Therefore,  the  hankrupt  had  no  other  means  of  making  out  his  accounts,  other  than  he  had  done,  namely,  by  getting  a  Ist  of  his  creditors,  and  putting  this  on  the  face  of  his  balance  sheet,  and  stating  what  he  did  with  the  money.  He  (Mr.  Pemberton)  trusted  this  would  satisfy.  Louis  BIANCA  was  then  examined  by  Mr.  Yates,  and  stated  that  he  was  twelve  months  in  the  service  of  Mr.  Peverelle,  and  he  remembered  a  parcel  of  papers  being  brought  to  the  bankrupt's  house,  in  Paradise-street,  from  Mr.  Pemberton's  office,  about  the  month  of  August.  Saw  the  b  ,sket  in  three  or  four  hours  after  it  came.  It  was  a  clothes  basket,  and  he  had  seen  it  before  at  Ar.  Banner's  office.  In  a  few  days  after  the  papers  came,  witness  took  them  up  into  a  top  room,  by  Mr.  Peverelie's  order.  They  were  left  there  for  a  long  hile,  until  Mr.  Peverelle  shifted  into  another  house,  and  witness  then  removed  the  papers  into  the  new  house  in  the  same  basket.  Mrs  Peverelle  told  him  to  carry  them  up  stairs,  and  whilst  carrying  them  up  stairs  he  slipped  and  fell  down  with  them,  and  they  fell  about  the  kitchen,  upon  which  Mrs.  Peverelle  said,  mind  them  •  bring  them  he  re  an  d  l  e  t  us  look  at  them,  for  I  do  not  think  they  are  of  any  She  looked  at  them  and  handed  them  to  witness,  and  as  she  did  so  he  burned  them.  He  put  them  all  in  the  fire  in  her  presence.  Mr  Peverelle  was  out  when  this  was  done.  Wit Witness  ness Witness  was  present  when  the  papers  were  given  to  the  messen messenger.  ger. messenger.  Before  the  fire.  Mr.  Peverelle  may  have  kept  five  or  six  books  ;  witness  saw  five  or  six  books  lying  about  on  the  coun counter.  ter. counter.  The  books  were  left  on  the  counter  at  night,  and  in invoices  voices invoices  were  kept  on  files  hung  up  in  th  e  s  h  o  p.  Witness  re remembered  membered remembered  the  fire.  He  was  in  the  shop  the  morning  after  it,  and  he  saw  one  file  partly  burned.  The  counters  were  burned;  one  was  burned  right  through.  All  the  books  were  burned  but  two.  The  books  produced  were  not  the  books  which  were  saved  from  the  fire  ;  they  were  larger  books.  The  last  time  witness  saw  those  books  was  three  or  four  days  after  the  fire.  To  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  The  books  I  saw  after  the  fire,  'I  saw  before  the  arbitrators.  I  cannot  say  those  books  were  in  the  basket  when  it  came  back.  I  saw  no  books  destroyed  or  burnt,  only  papers.  Mr.  PEmiERTON  said  those  books  were  before  the  arbi arbitrators.  trators. arbitrators.  If  the  papers  were  destroyed  those  books  rai&amp;ht  be  with  Mr.  Banner.  He  was  not  aware  they  were  not  m  the  hands  of  the  official  assignee.  Mr.  YATES  asked  how  the  bankrupt  could  pass  his  last  examination  when  those  books  were  not  brought  before  the  official  assignee  ?  Mr.  PEMBERTON:  Were  you,  Mr.  Peverelle,  aware  that  those  books  had  not  been  delivered  up  to  the  official  assignee  ?  Mr.  PEVERELLE  :  I  was  aware  that  all  that  was  found  at  the  time  that  was  required,  was  given  up.  Mr.  YATES  :  There  were  two  large  books  before  the  ar arbitrators,  bitrators, arbitrators,  but  they  have  never  been  seen  by  the  assignees.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  Still  they  were  before  the  arbitra arbitrators  tors arbitrators  ?  Mr.  PEVERELLE  :  Yes.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  They  ought  to  have  been  delivered  to  the  official  assignee.  The  COMMISSIONER:  That  no  doubt  would  affect  the  question  of  last  examination  to  day.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  said  when  the  books  were  produced  they  were  found  useless—one  was  a  day  book,  in  which  an  item  was  entered  one  day,  and  there  was  not  another  entry  foi  thr  aor  four  mouths.  He  rather  thought  the  second  was  a  bill  book.  Mr.  YATES  remarked  that  they  had  been  going  on  en entirely  tirely entirely  in  the  dark  in  the  absence  of  these  two  important  books,  which  were  important  in  consequence  of  the  small smallness  ness smallness  of  those  they  had  got.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  This  only  confirms  me  in  the  view  which  ought  to  be  taken  of  the  application  for  costs  on  the  last  examination.  I  consider  it  ought,  at  all  events,  to  be  ad adjourned  journed adjourned  ;  and  with  reference  to  another  mater  to  which  Mr.  Yates  has  just  adverted,  I  think  this  is  the  proper  time  to  state  that,  in  my  mind,  a  prosecution  ought  to  be  instituted  by  theassignees  against  Perevelle,  thebankrupt,  for  having  been  privy  to  the  alteration  of  an  account  relating  to  his  dealings  and  transactions—of  course  I  allude  to  that  alteration  which  was  made,  at  his  request,  it  appears,  in  the  books  of  Louis  Perevellc.  I  think  also  the  bankrupt  should  cbelprosecuted  for  a  false  statement  which  appears  on  the  proceedings  with  reference  to  the  debt.  And  being  of  that  opinion,  and  as  the  Act  of  Parliament  authorises  this  court  to  direct  a  prosecution  to  be  instituted,  I  direct  that  the  assignees  or  assignee-4  think  there  is  only  one—shall  commence  a  prosecution  ;  of  course,  the  costs,  according  to  the  *Visions  of  the  act,  will  be  paid  out  of  the  bankrupt's  estate.  Then  'With  rtferenCe  to  the  last  examination,  and  having  regard  to  the  fact  that  the  prose prosecution  cution prosecution  would  be  instituted,  and  I  am  quite  satisfied  the  assignee  will  feel  it  his  duty  to  act  according  to  the  direc directions  tions directions  of  the  court,  I  think  it  will  be  as  well  to  adjourn  the  :3xamination  for  four  months  from  this  day—of  course,  I  shall  refuse  the  bankrupt,  under  the  eircimistanees,  any  pro  tection.  This  does  not  preclude  the  assignees  from  taking  such  steps  as  they  may  think  proper  with  reference  to  Louis  Peverelle  ;  but  the  court  was  not  enabled  to  direct  the  costs  for  prosecution  against  any  other  party  than  the  bankrupt  to  be  paid  out  of  the  estate]  Mr.  PEMBBRTON  said  there  cotild  be  but  one  opinion  on  this  subject;  but  he  wished  to  direct  his  Honor's  attention  to  the  Act  of  Parliament,  and  to  the  section  to  which  he  was  referring.  It  said  If  any  bank bankrupt  rupt bankrupt  shall,  after  an  act  of  bankruptcy,  com committed,  mitted, committed,  or  in  contemplation  of  bankruptcy,  or  with  tht  intent  to  defeat  any  of  the  laws  relating:  , STYLE=superscript  to  bankruptcy,  de dedroy,  droy, dedroy,  alter,  mutilate,  or  falsify  any  of  books,  papers,  writings,  or  under  that  the  bankrupt  did  not  ;tend  there  charged  with  any  such  offence,  because,  first  of  ill,  he  has  made  no  entry  in  his  books,  neither  has  he  altered  or  destroyed,  or  falsified  any  of  his  books  or  papers.  The  CommissioNtu.  :  Read  the  whole  section.  before  you  comment  on  it.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  continued  to  read  :  shall  make,  or  be  privy  to  making,false  or  fraudulent  entries  in  any  book  of  account,  or  other  cument,  with  the  intent  to  defraud  his  He  (Mr.  Pemberton)  by  no  means  justified  tin.  conduct  of  the  bankrupt;  he  never  had  ;  but  surely  it  never  was  the  contemplation  of  the  act  of  parliament,  by  this,  to  make  a  bankrupt  answerable  for  the  acts  of  btheys.  It  was  for  altering,  or  falsifying,  or  making,  or  being  privy  to  mak making  ing making  a  false  or  fraudulent  entry  in  his  (the  bankrupt's)  own  books.  The  CommissiowEn  :  That  is  a  matter  which  wil.  be  decided  elsewherel  Of  course  I  have  formed  a  decided  opinion  on  the  subject,  and  that  is  formed  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  alteration  of  the  wording  in  the  section  to  which  you  are  referring.  First  s  it  is  in  his  own  books,  then  it  is  put  in  any  books,  &amp;c.,  and  that  is  the  9..  e  with  the  section  relating  to  the  certificate:  Mr.  PEMBERTON  contena.d  that  a  penal  Act  of  Parliament  should  not  be  .0  construed,  The  COMMISSIONER  :  It  must  be  construed  strictly,  and  where  it  is  to  be  construed  strictly,  the  question  arises,  has  the  bankrupt  been  privy  to  making  a  false  (  ntry  ?  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  Although  the  bankrupt  stands  charged  with  this  offence;  he  is  the  party  sinned  against  more  than  sinning  ;  and  Mi.  Yates  knows  it  as  well  as  I  do,  that  that  letter  was  not  the  first  introduction  of  that  question  to  Louis  Peverelle  by  the  bankrupt,  but  it  was  introduced  to  the  bankrupt  by  another  person  some  months  before.  The  examination  was  accordingly  adjourned.  INQUESTS.-YESTERDAY,  THE  ACCIDENT  ON  BOARD  THE  LONDONDERRY  STEAMER,  Yesterday  an  inquest  was  held  on  the  body  of  the  unfor unfortunate  tunate unfortunate  deceased;  Michael  M'Loughlin,  who  was  a  coal coaltrimmer  trimmer coaltrimmer  on  board  the  Maiden  City  steamer,  trading  between  Liverpool  and  Londonderry.  She  left  Londonderry  on  Friday  morning  last,  and  whilst  on  her  passage,  the  plug  of  the  tap  belonging  to  the  boiler  came  out,  and  he  deceased,  who  was  in  the  engine-room  at  the  time,  was  badly  scalded  with  the  steam,  and  died,  Another  man,  named  Kennedy,  was  also  severely  scalded,  and  as  soon  as  the  steamer  arrived  in  Liverpool  he  was  removed  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  where  he  now  lies  in  a  dangerous  state.  Captain  Johnstone  stated  that  the  hull;  engines;  boiler,  and  all  the  machinery,  underwent  government  inspection  in  October  last  ;  and  he  was  not  aware  of  the  least  imperfection.  The  coroner  said  if  the  jury  wished  he  would  adjourn  the  case  to  have  the  cause  thoroughly  surveyed  by  an  engineer.  The  jury  said  they  were  perfectly  satisfied  it  Was  acceidental.  An  inquest  was  also  held  en  the  body  of  Henry  Bolton,  a  joiner,  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Major,  shipbuilder,  Bruns Brunswick  wick Brunswick  dock.  The  dectased;  who  had.  been  in  a  very  delicate  state  from  disease  of  the  heart,  rupthred  a  blood-vessel,  whilst  carrying  a  plank  with  some  of  his  fellow  Worktrien,  on  Saturday  last,  and  died  before  he  could  be  removed  from  the  yard.  Verdict,  died  by  the  Visitation  of  God.  Au  inquest  was  also  held  on  the  body  of  Ann  Hutchins,  residing  with  her  husband  in  Bailey-court,  Bailey-street,  who  died  suddenly  on  Sunday  evening  last.  Her  husband  said  that  he  returned  about  seven  o'clock  from  doing  up  his  horses,  he  being  employed  as  a  carter.  His  wife  was  lying  on  the  bed  in  the  parlour,  and  she  asked  him  for  a  drink.  He  gave  her  some  gin  in  some  warm  tea,  and  she  died  di directly.  rectly. directly.  Dr.  Gildersleete  made  a  post-mortem  examination,  by  order  of  the  coroner,  a-  d  found  the  cause  of  death  to  have  been  bronchitis.—Verdict,  died  from  natural  causes.  FATAL  ACCIDENT  AT  THE  WAPPING  DOCK.—An  inquest  was  held  on  the  body  of  Martin  Dimond,  who  was  working  last  Sunday  afternoon  taking  down  a  wall  at  the  new  Wap Wapping  ping Wapping  dock,  The  wall  had  been  partly  taken  down,  and  the  rest  being  in  a  dangerous  state,  when  the  deceased  was  cautioned  by  the  ganger,  but  he  replied  There  is  no  fear  of  and  in  a  moment  the  wall  fell,  and  the  deceased  was  knocked  down  into  the  dock  from  a  height  of  30  feet.  He  was  then  taken  to  the  South  Hospital,  where  he  died  the  same  evening,  One  of  the  jury  asked  why  these  men  were  working  on  the  Sabbath  day,  and  whether  the  corporation  allowed  them  to  do  so,  which  he  could  not  think  they  did,  as  they  fined  the  publicans  for  selling  half-a-pint  of  ale  Surely  it  ought  to  be  inquired  into.  A  man  present,  and  who  gave  his  name  as  Brighbuse,  stated  that  he  had  charge  of  the  work,  and  he  received  a  message  from  Mr.  Hartley  to  remove  this  wall  last  Saturday  night,and  as  it  was  work  not  fit  to  be  done  in  the  night  it  was  done  on  the  Sunday,  and  had  it  not  been  done  then  there  would  have  been  200  horses  and  300  men  standing  idle  on  Monday.  The  coroner  said  this  was  not  a  satisfactory  answer,  and  adjourned  the  case  until  this  day,  at  half  -past  12,  to  have  Mr.  Hartley  present."
