text
"much  shorter  time  Our  ocean-steamers  make  the  passage  to  and  from  New  York  in  about  ten  days,  and  the  actual  distance  steamed  would  be  but  very  little  short  of  four  thousand  miles  ;  consequently,  if  these  slips  were  capable  of  carrying  fuel,  &amp;c.,  required  for  the  sixteen-thodsand-mile  passage  to  Australia,  they  would  be  able  to  make  the  passage  in  forty-five  days  at  least,  or  in  nineteen  days  less  than  the  Argo  and  Victoria  have  taken.  The  necessity  for  employing  vessels  capable  of  carrying  fuel  for  the  whole  distance,  must  every  day  become  more  manifest;  and  the  growing  importance  of  the  Australian  [trade  is  sufficiently  great  to  justify  our  calling  at  once  on  the  merchants,  traders,  and  bankers  of  Liverpool,  to  bestir  themselves,  and  not  allow  the  whole  of  this  valuable  traffic  to  be  carried  away  from  our  port.  Southampton,  by  the  patronage  bestowed  on  its  fashionable  waters,  has  thus  far  taken  the  lead  of  that  - STYLE=superscript  Vulgar  giant  of  the  north  —the  Mersey.  Milford  'Haven,  hitherto  unknown  to  commercial  fame,  is  also  a  favoured  rival  to.  the  eotton-lore6  port  of  Liverpool.  And  if  steps  be  not  quickly  taken,  this  town  will  be  shut  out  from  the  immense  advantages  to  be  derived  from  a  direct  steam steamcommunication  communication steamcommunication  with  the  Australian  Colonies  Thus  far  we  have  lost  nothing  by  our  apathy,  for  we  see  very  clearly  that  vessels  must  be  buit  expressly  for  this  trade,  and  if  our  ship-builders  will  only  adopt  all  those  improvements  which  ire  known  to  have  been  made  in  marine  propulsion,  but  which,  owing  to  some  strange  fatality,  ave  not  yet  been  used,  the  speed  of  ocean  steaners  might  be  increased  by  one-third.  A  four  thomand  ton  steam-ship,  propelled  by  a  pair  of  whet  are  called  planetary  would  b  1  able  to  run  at  an  average  speed  of  twenty  krotsan  hour.  On  this  point  we  speak  ad  v  i  s  edly,having  seen  above  thirty  knots  attained  by  wh.,  el  s  im immersed  mersed immersed  below  the  shaft,  an  d  carry  i  ng  two  ton  per  horse  in  power.  This  improvement  in  the  propeller  obviates  all  the  practical  lifficulties  which  have  heretofore  stood  in  the  ley  of  carry carrying  ing carrying  heavy  cargo,  or  attaining  increased  speed  ;  and  if  the  few  inventions,  necessary  io  render  our  port  pre-eminent  for  the  speed  And  burthen burthencarrying  carrying burthencarrying  capacity  of  its  steam-shins;  be  really  sought  after  in  perfect  good  faith,  No  feel  assured  that  this  age  will  be  found  equal  to  the  task  of  bringing  to  perfection  the  wonderful  and  beautiful  science  it  has  so  successfully  originated.  Fortunately,  the  prospect  of  establishing  a  line  of  steam  communication  between  Liverpool  and  Australia,  affords  an  opporttnity  to  our  ship  builders  of  showing  their  superiority  over  those  of  the  Thames  and  Clyde.  Waile  the  profits  to  be  derived  from  this  trade  are  greater  by  far  than  on  any  other  ocean-steam  line  in  existenc  The  prodigious  quantities  of  specie  passing  home  wards  and  outwards—the  extraordinary  passenger  traffic  home—and  the  emigration  to  Australia,  are  all  sources  of  profit  which  are  scarcely  credible.  The  Argo  brought  one  hundred  passengers,  notwithstanding  that  grave  doubts  were  entertsined  as  to  the  time  the  passage  would  occupy,  and  also  as  to  the  practicability  of  the  undertaking.  But  once  remove  these  doubts  by  offering  tae  ac accommodation  commodation accommodation  of  ships  with  superior  comforts,  and  in  every  respect  adapted  to  the  service,  and  we  shall  turn  the  whole  trade  into  our  own  pat.  We  have  more  than  once  shown  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  what  those  principles  are,  and  how  the  necessary  deductions  may  be  made  to  enable  the  employers  of  this  country  generally  to  meet  the  difficulties  of  the  present  crisis.  We  have,  in  fact,  shown  that,  in  some  cases,  sound  commercial  principles  actually  demand  an  advance  in  the  standard  of  wages,  while  in  others,  where  expe expediency  diency expediency  urges  a  similar  course,  the  margin  of  profits  raises  no  insurmountable  obstacle.  If  these  will  not  do,  let  all  who  are  doubtful  as  to  the  future  look  to  the  state  of  the  bullion-market—the  abun abundance  dance abundance  in  our  corn  stores---the  increased  powers  of  consumption  accruing  to  our  colonies  and  nearly  every  other  co  antry  with  which  we  trade.  Where  can  we  discover  a  d9ubt  as  to  the  possibility  of  being  able  to  realise  produce  or  bullion  in  exchange  for  our  manufactures  ?  Australia  is  full  of  gold.  America  is  overflowing  with  grain.  The  Cotton  crops  are  promising—the  Sugar  crop  is  prolific—  Rice  is  also  abundant—Coffee  crops  are  above  the  average  of  former  years—Teas  are  equal  to  an  enlargement  demand—immense  efforts  are  being  made  both  in  England  and  America  to  increase  shipping  to  the  full  extent  re-  -  -  quired  to  meet  the  growing  demand  for  addi-  IxQuiny  INTO  Loss  OF  THE  ANNIE  JANE.—Yes JANE.—Yestional  tional JANE.—Yestional  means  of  transit,  and  in  the  face  of  all  these  terday  an  inquiry  into  the  circumstances  connec  t  e  d  w  i  t  h  t  h  e  assurances  of  an  ear  l  y  d  emand,  and  a  l  ong  season  loss  of  this  vess  el  commenced  at  .  the  office  of  the  local  marine  board  of  this  port,  before  Captain  Beeelly.  The  inquiry  was  of  prosperity,  we  hope  the  held  with  closed  doors,  all  the  witnesses  not  being  in  attend attendof  of attendof  Preston  will  not  be  losers  by  the  course  they  and  it  being  considered  injudicious  to  allow  an  ex-parte  are  now  ,  following.  statement  to  appear,  Several  witnesses  were  examined,  A  steamer  sailing  every  month  frorr  Sydney,  Melbourne,  and  Adelaide,may  calculate  en  having— havingjudging  judging havingjudging  from  the  recent  importations  Jf  gold  from  those  parts—from  three  to  four  milliors  of  specie  on  freight.  This,  added  to  the  large  nuAber  of  passen passengers  gers passengers  a  four  or  five  thousand  ton  Filip  could  carry,  would  render  the  undertaking  most  profitable.  We  trust  then,  that  a  moment  will  lot  be  lost  by  our  enterprising  capitalists  in  suing  about  the  good  work,  and  that  Australia  will  soon  have  reason  to  be  as  grateful  as  Canada,  an-t  our  American  posses possessions  sions possessions  generally,  to  Liverpool  for  the  establishment  of  steam  communication;  commensurate  with  their  present  and  future  w  aits.  For  heavy  lines  of  steam  navigation  we  have  advantages  which  no  other  part  of  the  kingdom  can  offer.  An  endless  supply  of  the  cheapest  fuel—docks  to  receive  the  largest  vessels,  and  facilities  for  loading,  unloading,  and  repairing,  nrhich  are  not  to  be  equalled  in  any  port  in  the  vorld.  But  these  advantages,  to  be  sustained,  pzust  be  fed  by  kindred  enterprises,  and  whenever  a  legitimate  opportunity  presents  itself,  such  as  we  now  have  before  us,  we  should  grasp  at  it  1-efore  the  prize  is  carried  away  by  others."
