text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  ►  D.R.  NEWMAN'S  LECTURE.  On  last  evening,  Dr.  Newman  delivered,  in  the  Concert  Hall,  Lord  Nelson-street,  the  last  of  his  series  of  lectures  on  the  Tartar  races.  The  hall,  though  not  over-crowded,  was  exceedingly  full;  and  on  the  platform  were  the  Very  Rev.  Canon's  Walmsley  and  Toole,  Revs.  J.  Walsh,  Maine,  W.  Gillett,  JP.Doherty,  H.  Gibbon,  and  J.  Nugent  ;  R.  Sheil,  M.  Cullen,  T.  Cullen,  P.  Leonard,  M.  A  ungier,  J.  Gibson,  J.  Yates,  Jun.,  J.  B.  ASpinall,  J.  Livingston,  and  D.  Powell,  Esqrs.  The  Rev.  G.  Gillow  took  the  chair,  and  in  introducing  the  Rev.  Lecturer,  apologised  for  the  absence  of  the  Right  Rev.  Dr.  Goss,  who  would  have  been  present  to  preside  on  the  occasion,  were  it  not  for  sudden  indisposition.  Dr.  Newman  then  came  forward  and  was  greeted  with  the  most  enthusiastic  and  continued  applause.  Having  thanked  the  assembly  for  their  kind  reception  of  him,  he  said  that  he  was  about  to  continue  his  remarks  on  the  history  of  the  Turks.  He  said  he  had  first  considered  them  in  their  origin  as  Tartars,  and  then  he  had  spoken  of  them  as  having  come,  in  the  course  of  ages,  from  the  remote  and  wild  regions  in  which  they  first  were,  into  the  country  which  they  now  inha inhabited.  bited. inhabited.  He  had  spoken  of  them,  however,  only  in  their  ex external  ternal external  character,  but  he  would  now  wish  to  consider  them  rather  in  their  inward  significance.  And  they  were  worthy  of  such  consideration;  for  so  it  was  that  there  was  no  nation,  no  race,  that  cast  so  black  a  shadow  upon  Asiatic  history  as  the  Turks  did.  If  we  looked  at  other  wild.and  savage  nations  —the  Goths  and  Lombards—the  Franks  and  early  Anglo-  Saxons,  and  even  the  Magyars  of  Hungary—all  were  con converted.  verted. converted.  The  Saracens,  though  they  were  not  converted  and  had  the  will  to  do  all  manner  of  harm  to  the  Christians,  yet  they  had  not  the  power  ;  for  after  a  few  centuries  they  dwind!ed  away,  and  came  to  nothing.  Even  the  Tartars,  though  they  had  the  will  and  the  power,  after  their  invasions  and  raids,  turned  back  again  or  dispersed,  no  one  knew  how  or  whither  ;  but,  miserable  to  say,  such  was  not  tha  case  with  the  Turks.  They  in  their  youth,  in  their  manhood,  and  now  in  their  old  age,  and  while  declining  from  inanition,  were  ever  the  same—the  most  anti-chris anti-christian  tian anti-christian  of  all  races  and  peoples.  In  his  last  lecture  he  stopped  the  year  1041,  and  he  now  mentioned  that  date,  because  it  was  the  time  when  the  Sultan  Alp  Ghazan  turned  his  face  to  the  west,  and  came  down  through  Persia,  upon  Con Constantinople;  stantinople; Constantinople;  and  in  doing  so,  opened  the  gates  of  christen christendom  dom christendom  to  the  numerous  tribes  of  his  followers.  In  vain  was  Constantinople  respited—in  vain  was  Europe  saved  for  a  time  ;  for  so  it  was,  that  at  the  very  moment  it  seemed  that  their  dreadful  invaders  were  about  to  be  finally  overthrown  and  become  extinct,  up  rose  the  greatest  of  their  race— racegreat  great racegreat  in  a  Human  point  of  view—the  glorious  and  brilliant  face  of  the  Ottoman,  who  at  present  possessed  Constanti Constantinople.  nople. Constantinople.  There  was  a  remarkable  parallel  and  contrast  between  the  history  of  the  two  races  of  the  Turks  —the  Seljukians  and  Ottomans.  The  Seljukians,  as  the  Ottomans,  came  down  in  great  power,  headed  by  their  three  great  Sultans,  and  all  but  took  Con Constantinople.  stantinople. Constantinople.  They  came  to  the  very  borders—to  the  Bosphorus—but  impediments  rose  in  their  way,  and  they  were  repulsed.  So  again  was  it  with  the  Ottomans.  They  came  to  the  Bosphorus—crossed  it,  and  though  not  at  the  first  attempt,  took  Constantinople.  That  was  at  once  the  parallel  and  the  contrast  between  the  history  of  these  two  races  ;  and  the  impediments  which  came  in  their  way—first  in  the  one  race  and  then  in  the  other—were  respectively  two  warriors,  Zhengis  and  Timour.  As  Zhengis  came  down  against  the  Seljukians,  so  in  like  manner  did  Timour  come  down  against  the  Ottomans;  and  though  the  attack  of  the  one  was  not  greater  than  that  of  the  other,  yet  Zhengis  suc succeeded  ceeded succeeded  and  Timour  failed.  These  two  great  monarchs  were  mere  blind  instruments  of  fate—that  was  to  say,  they  were  instruments  in  the  hands  of  the  Almighty,  but  it  was  as  if  they  were  mere  elements  of  mischief,  for  they  knew  not  what  they  were  doing.  They  were  merely  prompted  to  go  forward  in  their  career  of  rapine  and  of  havoc,  by  the  instincts  wtihin  them  of  cruelty  and  ambition,  and  of  all  the  bad  passions  which  actuate  the  human  breast.  They  thus  rushed  forward,  opposing  every  obstacle,  for  they  conceived  that  in  overcoming  them  was  mansfested  certain  power;  and  so  they  opposed  the  Turks  though  they  knew  nothing  of  them.  But  there  was  another  enemy  which  the  Turks  had  of  a  very  different  character.  This  other  was  no  enemy  in  the  moral  order  of  things—he  was  the  great  power  throned,  as  he  had  ever  been  throned  since  the  first  days  of  Christianity  in  the  west.  They  were  opposed  not  only  by  barbarian  forces  in  the  East,  but  they  were  opposed  by  the  Vicar  of  Christ  in  the  West  ;  and  his  opposition  was  of  a  very  different  kind,  indeed,  from  that  which  was  exerted  against  them  by  Zhengis  or  Timour.  He  resisted  continuously  for  upwards  of  700  years  the  power  of  the  Turks,  and  as  continually  protested  against  his  inva invasion  sion invasion  of  Christendom.  For  two  centuries  he  succeeded,  but  after  that  in  vain  were  his  efforts—in  vain  were  his  protests  —in  vain  were  his  attempts  to  rouse  the  princes  of  Christen Christendom  dom Christendom  to  unite  against  the  fierce  barbarian  who  was  coming  against  them.  He  tried,  and  he  failed  ;  and  that  was  the  reason  why  it  was  that  Zhengis  succeeded  in  opposing  the  Salukian  Turks,  ;and  why  it  was,  on  the  other  hand,  that  Timour,  though  he  conquered  in  a  most  remark remarkable  able remarkable  way  the  Ottomans  for  a  time,  yet  was  unable  finally  to  beat  them.  Because,  in  the  first  place,  with  the  fierce  barbarian  Zhengis  co-operated  the  princes  of  Christendom,  but  with  respect  to  the  Ottoman,  they  did  not  co-operate.  But  the  Holy  see  was  unsuccessful  in  the  opposition.which  it  so  steadily  made  to  the:Turks  ;  yet,  if  perseverance  had  a  claim  on  success,  the  Popes  certainly  deserved  it  ;  for  their  conduct  in  this  matter,  through  a  long  series  of  ages,  was  quite  peculiar,  quite  unique  in  the  history  of  the  Church.  This  wonderful  phenomenon,  as  he  might  call  it—this  per perseverance  severance perseverance  of  the  Holy  See  through  such  a  length  of  time,  and  under  such  different  circumstances,  showed  not  only  great  consistency  in  policy,  but  extreme  sagacity.  That  was  a  quality  which  even  the  enemies  of  the  Catholic  Church  were  not  slow  in  allowing  to  the  Popes—the  power  of  seeing  the  value  of  things.  Not  setting  their  mind  on  trifles,  but  seeing  the  Feat  point  where  the  issue  lay—that  was  the  quality  which  more  than  any  other  was  given  to  the  See  of  Rome  ;  and  in  this  ease,  the  event  showed  the  soundness  of  their  judgment,  and  the  great  reason  for  the  opposition  which  they  made  to  the  great  enemy  of  civilisation.  If  truth  were  opposed  to  the  most  barbarous  ignorance—if  tender tenderness  ness tenderness  were  opposed  to  hardness  of  heart—if  pride  were  op opposed  posed opposed  to  humility,  and  depravity  to  virtue,  then  he  should  sayithat  no  other  course  should  be  taken  by  him,  who  was  the  great  champion  of  religion,  than  to  oppose  the  whole  race  of  the  Turks,  be  they  what  they  might.  He  had  described  the  Tartars,  their  utter  fierceness,  their  recklessness,  and  their  remorseless  inhumanity  ;  but  whatever  was  shocking  and  wicked  in  the  Tartars,  in  the  case  of  the  Turks  it  was  put  upon  system—it  was  methodised  by  law—it  was  sanc sanctified  tified sanctified  by  religion,  and  it  was  propagated  by  the  sword.  Such  they  had  been  from  the  beginning  to  the  end,  and  therefore  there  was  cause  sufficient  that  the  Holy  See  should  oppose  them.  He  did  not  deny  that  the  Turks  had  great  qualities  —he  had  in  a  previous  lecture  described  them;  but  there  was  a  passage  in  the  holy  prophecies,  describing  the  enemy  of  truth  coming  against  the  chosen  people,  a  garden  of  pleasure  before  it,  a  desolate  wilderness;  neither  is  there  any  one  that  can  escape  which  he  might  accommodate  to  the  social,  or  political,  or  religious  aspect  of  affairs  which  the  Turks  gave  rise  to.  He  could  allude,  if  the  allusion.  might  not  be  puzzling  and  dangerous,  how  their  deeds  had  branded  them  in  the  natural  judgment  of  all  men,  as  the  most  flagitious  and  detestable  of  races.  He  might  enlarge  upon  their  savage  cruelty,  which  had  depopulated  all  coun countries  tries countries  with  which  they  had  come  in  contact.  He  might  re remind  mind remind  his  hearers  how  it  was  almost  acknowledged  as  a  canon  in  their  political  proceedings,  by  all  writers  who  had  treated  of  them  and  their  histories,  that  on  a  Sultan  coming  to  the  throne,  it  was  an  almost  invariable  rule  for  him  to  put  to  death  his  brothers  and  his  nearest  of  kin  who  were  likely  to  be  a  rival  to  his  power.  He  might  tell  how  it  was  they  surrounded  themselves,  and  the  great  men  after  their  fashion,  with  a  multitude  of  slaves,  who,  torn  from  their  homes,  were  the  living  monuments  of  the  violation  of  the  most  sacred  of  human  ties  and  christian  precepts.  He  might  tell  that  absolute  despotism  with  the  Sultans  was  not  a  name,  but  a  power  and  a  fact  ;  and  how  it  was  that  he  multiplied  that  despotism,  by  giving  his  representatives  in  every  province  the  same  power  as  himself.  And  he  might  tell  them  how  all  travellers  related  that  that  despotic  power  in  the  governors  of  his  provinces  was  no  name  but  a  reality,  so  that  they  shed  blood  as  water,  and  counted  the  life  of  a  man  as  of  equal  importance  as  that  of  a  reptile.  He  might  allude  to  one  circumstance,  probably  fresh  in  the  recollections  of  members  present,  of  the  dreadful  massacre  in  the  Island  of  Scio—how  it  was  that  when  the  Greeks  of  that  island  rose  in  insurrection,  the  Turks  swept  its  one  end  to  the  other,  slaughtered  the  men  and  boys,  and  carried  off  into  an  infamous  captivity  the  women  and  children;  and  how  it  was  that  when  the  corn  was  sown  there  were  100,000  men  in  the  island,  when  it  came  to  be  reaped  there  were  only  19,000  !  But  he  would  pass  these  topics  of  their  cruelty  and  persecution,  and  view  them  in  a  spirit  which  was  more  conformable  with  the  words  which  he  had  quoted,  and  which  would  appeal  more  to  the  hearts,  the  understanding,  and  the  judgment  of  all  Christians  of  whatever  sort.  He  would  appeal  to  something  which  would  quite  justify  the  policy  of  the  See  of  Rome  in  its  contests  with  that  unhappy  race.  The  Ca Catholic  tholic Catholic  Church  was  at  first  a  wanderer  upon  the  earth.  She  had  no  settled.voting  place;  but  no  sooner  was  the  hand  of  persecution  taken  off  from  her,  and  she  occupied  something  like  an  interest  in  the  soil,  her  first  object,  her  first  work  was  to  look  tenderly  on  it  and  its  cultivators.  He  would  not  tell  them,  for  they  must  be  clear  and  fresh  in  their  re recollection,  collection, recollection,  the  stories  they  had  in  ecclesiastical  history  of  the  enfranchisement  of  the  slaves  and  the  amelioration  of  the  condition  of  the  serf  by  the  Church.  They  would  recol recollect  lect recollect  how  the  Benedictine  monks,  when  the  barbarians  had  laid  waste  the  face  of  Italy,  came  forth  and  made  the  sert 'desert'  bloom  as  the  and  the  stream,  as  before,  fer fertilise  tilise fertilise  the  land.  This  had  been  the  conduct  of  the  Church  in  all  times  towards  the  earth—ever  tender,  ever  loving,  ever  thoughtful  of  that  great  mother,  on  whose  breast  we  feed  in  life,  and  in  whose  arms  we  repose  in  death.  (Loud  applause.)  Not  so,  however,  with  the  Turk.  He  troated  her  not  with  reverence,  not  with  love,  but  as  a  paramour.  He  thought  the  earth  not  deserving  of  respect,  and  he  desired  to  have  no  sacred  tie  to  bind  him  to  her.  What  title,  then,  had  he  to  the  earth,  more  than  the  pirate  to  the  sea;  over  which  he  roamed  in  his  vessel  ?  The  Turk  rode  over  the  land  in  which  he  lived  for  a  thousand  years,  '  trampling-  it  beneath  his  horse's  hoofs,  making  it  for  them  a  course  ;  but  what  title  did  that  give  him  to  it  ?  Who  had  made  it  his  by  no  sacred  tie,  by  no  holy  power  ?  What  title  had  the  indolent  Othman,  smoking  in  his  voluptuous  palace,  thinking  of  nothing  save  his  plasures,  and  how  to  grind  down  the  wretched  acrriculturist,  what  right  had  he  to  be  the  successor  of  Alexander  and  the  Ptolemies  ?  What  right  had  he  to  be  the  possessor  of  such  a  land  as  Egypt,  as  Palestine,  as  Asia  Minor,  for  which  every  one  acquainted  with  ancient  history  felt  a  tenderness  for  its  many  noble  reminiscences,  that  glorious  land  which  was  famed  before  history  began,  for  its  wealth  and  magnificence  ?  It  was  as  pious  in  the  early  christian  times  as  it  was  in  the  pagan.  It  was  the  country  alluded  to  in  the  acts  of  the  Apostles,  the  country  to  which  St.  Paul  went.  It  was  the  country  where  St.  John  lived,  and  where  the  seven  cities  were  to  which  he  wrote  his  Epistles.  It  was  the  country  to  which  St.  Peter  addressed  his  first  Epistle.  It  had  produced  some  of  the  greatest  saints—St:  Polycarp,  St.  Gregory,  St.  Basil,  and  other  saints  had  come  from  it.  For  centuries  it  had  a  most  brilliant  history.  It  was  a  land  said  to  abound  with  all  the  gifts  of  nature,  in  the  precious  metals,  in  iron,  and  in  marbles,  rich  in  pastures  and  lands  fitted  for  tillage.  Such  is  the  laud  in  history  and  by  nature  in  former  times;  and  he  would  now  read  some  passages  from  modern  travellers  to  show  what  its  present  condition  was,and  the  state  to  which  it  was  reduced  by  the  domination  of  the  Turks.  Dr.  New Newman  man Newman  then  read  passages  from  several  travellers,  showing  the  state  of  ruin  into  which  the  cities  and  lands  throughout  the  Turkish  dominions  had  fallen.  When  ruin  came  upon  a  city  they  substituted  no  new  buildings  in  the  place  of  those  which  had  fallen  into  decay.  That  desolation  was  no  acci accident,  dent, accident,  for  it  so  happened,  that  it  followed  immediately  upon  the  first  possession  of  the  country  by  the  Turks,  and  when  the  Turks  were  driven  back  by  the  crusaders  it  began  to  re recover.  cover. recover.  It  then  came  into  the  possession  of  a  Greak  emperor,  who  was,  what  very  rarely  happened  among  the  emperors  of  that  day,  an  enlightened  man,  and  who  set  about  improve improveing  ing improveing  the  country.  He  saw  that  the  thing  to  be  done  was  to  turn  attention  to  the  material  improvement  of  the  face  of  the  land,  and  he  farmed  a  large  portion  of  it  himself,  which  he  turned  to  the  revenue  of  the  state.  He  found  parts  of  the  land  suited  for  pasture;and  parts  for  tillage,  and  his  breeds  of  horses  and  sheep  became  celebrated.  A  very  curious  fact  was  related  of  him,  which  ap appeared  peared appeared  almost  incredible,  that  he  was  able  to  present  his  empress  with  a  crown  of  diamonds  and  pearls,  made  out  of  the  proceeds  of  the  eggs  of  his  poultry.  He  was  successful  in  getting  the  nobles  to  follow  his  example,  and  instead  of  looking  down  upon  the  agricultural  classes  and  oppressing  them,  they  began  to  consider  farming  an  honourable  em employment.  ployment. employment.  Immediately,  therefore,  after  the  Turkish  domi domination  nation domination  was  removed  the  country  began  to  improve.  But  no  sooner  had  the  Turks  again  llboome  possessors  of  it  than  the  signs  of  decay  again  began  to  manifest  themselves,  and  con continued  tinued continued  increasing  up  to  the  present  period  of  her  history.  Nor  was  that  wretchedness  peculiar  to  her  dominions  m  Asia  Minor,  but  wherever  the  sway  of  the  Turk  extended,  there  the  same  rain  presented  itself.  Chateaubriand,  when  travelling  through  the  Morea,  about  40  years  ago,  stated  that  wherever  he  went  he  beheld  the  remains  of  villages,  which  had  been  destroyed  by  fire  and  sword—whole  districts  deserted,  and  often  15  leagues  of  country  without  a  habita habitation.  tion. habitation.  The  great  island  of  Crete,  which,  before  the  Chris Christian  tian Christian  era,  was  said  to  have  had  a  hundred  cities,  many  of  which  were  densely  populated,  now  contained  only  obscure  villages.  The  people  there  formerly  exported  corn,  and  now  they  had  to  import  it.  Cyprus,  which  was  capablo  of  holding  a  million  of  inhabitants,  and  did  hold  them  at  one  time,  the  climate  of  which  was  said  to  be  a  perpetual  spring,  now  held.only  30,000  people.  Now  cross  over  to  the  CO2-  tinent  of  Asia.  There  it  was  said  that  even  the  Tullis  themselves  were  dying  out.  Places  which  a  century  past  numbered  400,000  souls,  were  now  stated  to  have  dwindle?.  to  50,000.  Moussoul  had  lost  half  its  inhabitants.  Bogdan  -had  fallen  from  120,000  to  20,000,  and  Balsora  from  100,000  to  8,000.  In  Egypt  there  was  the  same  decay.  In  Alison's  work  upon  population,  it  was  stated  that  in  the  15th  cen century  tury century  Egypt,  after  all  her  revolutions,  was  comparatively  rich  and  populous,  but  since  the  era  of  the  Turkish  conquest  the  tyranny  of  the  Pachas  had  put  a  stop  to  industry,  commerce,  and  the  arts.  Then  go  into  Africa—look  at  Barbary,  and  there  it  would  be  also  seen  that  wherever  the  Turks  had  srpead  their  reign  there  was  desolation.  - STYLE=superscript  What  had  these  wanderers  of  the  desert,  far  as  they  were  from  the  very  type  in  which  they  were  constructed,  what  had  they  to  do  with  those  rich  countries  which  iu  the  days  of  the  Romans  were  so  celebrated  ?  Robertson,  the  historian,  stated  that  the  fertile  granary  which  sustained  the  Roman  empire  in  corn,  lay  now  almost  entirely  uncultivated,  and  that  the  province  which  an  ancient  writer  called  the  beauty  of  the  earth  was  now  the  retreat  of  pirates  and  banditti.  Cross  over  again  into.  Europe  and  the  feature  was  the  same.  Those  provinces  of  which  the  Russians  had  now  taken  poesession,  and  which  were  at  present  the  subject  of  so  much  interest  had  popu populations  lations populations  which  were  daily  diminishing,  while  only  the  most  insignificant  portions  of  the  land  was  tilled.  The  whole  population  of  the  empire  did  not  exceed  a  fifth  part  of  what  it  had  been  in  ancient  times.  Here  the  lecturer  said  he  was  tempted  to  exclaim  how  different  was  that  country  from  that  in  which  was  planted  the  chair  of  state,  (Loud  applause).  He  should  be  ashamed  to  compare  Italy  with  Asia  Minor,  the  dominion  of  the  Turk  with  that  of  the  Chrsstian  prince,  except  that  so  much  had  been  said  of  late  in  disparagement  of  the  government  of  Italy.  Upon  that  subject  he  should  State  merely  facts.  He  did  not  mean  to  say  that  there  had  been  perfection  in  agriculture,  science,  or  art  introduced  into  Italy,  but  he  would  apply  himself  to  the  great  and  broad  fact  which  served  as  a  guage  and  a  test  of  the  state  of  that  country,  He  naa  notning  to  do  with  degrading  any  particu particular  lar particular  kind.  of  Government,  but  he  would  take  as  a  result  the  cultivation  of  Italy  at  the  present  day,  and  place  it  side  by  side  with  the  condition  of  the  Turkish  dominions.  The  reverend  lecturer  then  quoted  from  .Alison's  History  of  Europe  several  extracts  to  show  how  advanced  was  the  position  of  agricultural  cultivation  in  Italy,  and  how  the  numbers  of  the  rural  population  were  increasing,  and  their  comforts  improving.  Alison  was  not  a  writer,  who  had  any  especial  leaning  towards  the  papal  government,  but  rather  contrary.  Thus  the  beautiful  country  of  Asia  Minor  was  laid  waste  by  barbarians,  and  had  it  been  possible  that  Italy  had  fallen  into  their  hands,  she  would  have  shared  the  same  fate.  The  reverend  lecturer  then  proceeded  to  detail  the  history  of  the  Ottoman  Turks,  from  the  fall  of  the  Seljukian  race,  under  the  Sultan  Solyinan,  who  was  mentioned  in  Tasso's  Jerusalem  and  the  sudden  rise  of  Othman,  the  founder  of  the  race,  at  first  a  soldier  of  fortune  in  the  pay  of  the  last  Seljukian  monarch.  The  success  of  the  great  Ottoman  race  went  on  most  brilliantly  for  about  270  years,  up  to  the  middle  of  the  sixteenth  century  after  which  it  declined  for  nearly  an  equal  period,  up  to  the  present  day,  when  Turkish  power  seemed  to  be  going  out,  expiring.  It  was  a  marvellous  and  memorable  course  of  building,  270  years  of  greatness,  and  270  years  of  decline.  During  the  course  of  their  prosperity,  they  were  governed  by  ten  sovereigns,  who  were  all  in  these  generations,  grea  t  men;  it  was  difficult  to  say  which  of  them  was  the  greatest  according  to  the  standard  of  human  greatness.  Their  reigns  were  of  remarkable  length,  the  average  of  each  being  twenty-six  years,  which  in  a  line  of  military  monarchs,  was  very  great.  For  the  279  years  which  followed,  there  were  twenty-one  sovereigns,  whose  reigns  were  only  upon  an  average,  half  the  length,  which  was  in  itself  a  remarkable  sign  of  their  decline.  Of  these  twenty-one  sovereigns,  five  had  been  strangled,  three  deposed,  three  died  of  excess,  and  of  the  remaining  ten,  only  four  had  attained  the  usual  age  of  man,  and  the  present  sultan  was  described  by  a  traveller  as  the  most  sickly,  pale,  inanimate,  and  unmanly  youth.  Many  of  the  sovereigns  had  the  same  names.  There  were  four  Mahomets,  four  Mustaphas,  four  Amuraths,  three  Selines,  three  Achmets,  three  Othmans,  two  Mahmouds,  two  Soleymans,  and  two,  Bajazets.  It  might  be  asked  what  was  Europe  doing,  while  the  Turks  were  gaining  so  great  a  power  and  dominion  ?  What  was  the  Holy  See  about  ?  The  cause  was  to  be  found  partly  in  the  hostility  with  which  the  Greek  empsre,  whose  seat  was  then  at  Constantinople,  re regarded  garded regarded  the  rest  of  Europe,  and  particularly  the  Roman  States,  having  ever  declared  a  preference  for  the  turban  to  the  tiara,  and  having  acted  with  the  greatest  treachery  to towards  wards towards  the  Crusaders,  some  of  whom  they  actually  betrayed  into  the  power  of  the  Turks.  That  was  also  the  time  when  the  attention  of  the  Holy  .  See  was  diverted  by  the  heresy  which  then  began  to  arise  in  Europe,  and  which  ended  in  Protestantism.  Wicliffe  had  arisen,  who  was  followed  by  Huss,  and  he  again  by  Luther.  New  powers  also  began  to  rise  in  Europe  ;  to  feel  their  own  strength,:and  use  it  against  their  neighbours,  so  that  Europe  was  filled  with  intestine  divisions.  It  was  also  a  time  when  corruption  was  stealing  into  the  most  sacred  places.  The  clergy  and  bishops  had  amassed  riches,  and  as  for  the  Popes,  he  could  only  say,  that  it  did  not  please  God  to  raise  up  such  a  man  as  St.  Leo,  or  St.  Gregory.  There  was  just  one  moment  when  a  great  act  might  have  attempted  to  repel  the  increase  of  Turkish  power,  and  with  perfect  success.  That  was  when  the  great  conqueror,  Tamerlane,  rushed  with  that  wonderful  impetuosity,  which  none  but  a  Tartar  could  display.  from  the  frontiers  of  China,  across  Asia,  to  attack  the  celebrated  Turkish  sovereign  Bajazet,  then  be besieging  sieging besieging  Constantinople,  swept  upon  him,  destroyed  his  army,  and  took  Bajazet  prisoner.  That  was  a  favourable  time  for  Christianity,  but  it  was  not  availed  of,  and  the  power  of  the  Turks  continued  to  increase  until  the  year  1568.  In  that  year,  by  a  wonderful  coincidence,  the  first  of  the  Turkish  monarchs  with  whom  the  decline  commenced  ascended  the  throne  of  Constantinople,  and  the  great  St.  Pius  the  Fifth  ascended  the  throne  of  the  Holy  See.  (Great  applause.)  At  that  very  time  St.  Philip  of  Neri  had  laboured  twenty  years  in  Rome.  The  great  St.  Ignatius  was  there  also,  and  many  illustrious  saints  throughout  the  country,  like  as  many  planets  around  the  centre  of  light.  In  the  conclave  of  cardinals  there  were  two  saints.  The  reverend  lecturer  then  described  the  circumstances  attending  the  election  of  St.  Pius  the  Fifth,  at  first  an  hum humble  ble humble  Dominican  friar,  to  the  Papal  throne,  his  great  virtues,  his  austere  life,  and  his  urbane  manners.  The  lecturer  then  briefly  summed  up  the  steps  which  that  Pope  took  to  or organise.the  ganise.the organise.the  body  of  allies  who  encountered  the  Turksh  fleet  in  the  Gulf  of  Lepanto,  and  gave  that  defeat  to  them  which  led  to  the  decline  of  Turkish  dominiOn  in  the  world,  and  formed  a  turning-point  in  the  downfall  of  the  Turkish  em empire.  pire. empire.  The  reverend  lecturer  then  concluded,  having  spoken  for  about  three  hours,  amid  the  most  enthusiastic  and  pro prolonged  longed prolonged  applause.  My.  YATES  proposed  a  vote  of  thanks  to  Dr.  Newman,  and  in  doing  so,  alluded  to  the  late  trial  in  which  he  was  engaged,  as  having  called  forth  proof  how  warmly  the  English  people  felt  in•  gratitude  towards  him.  The  speaker  then  informed  the  meeting  that  Dr.  Newman  was  about  to  leave  this  country  on  the  following  day,  having  been  appointed,  by  those  in  authority,  President  of  the  Ca Catholic  tholic Catholic  University  about  to  be  established  in  Ireland.  (Loud  applause.)  He  should  not  leave  England  without  taking  along  with  him  their  cordial  sympathies  and  wishes--their  ardent  hopes  and  firm  expectations,  that  the  institution  over  which  he  was  to  preside  would  realise  all  that  was  expected  of  it.  (Great  cheering.)  He  felt  satisfied  that  that  institu institution  tion institution  would  grow,  under  Dr.  Newman's  care,  with  a  giant's  strength,  and  fulfil  all  the  ends  for  which  it  was  required,  and  that  Dr.  Newman  would,  in  an  especial  manner,  be  the  medium  of  a  cordial  union  between  England  and  Ireland.  (Renewed  applause.)  The  motion  was  carried  amid  the  most  enthusiastic  accla acclamations.  mations. acclamations.  Dr.  NEWMAN  returned  thanks  in  a  few  words,  declaring  that  the  feeling  which  heexperienced,  that  he  took  with  him  the  hearts  and  the.  sympathies  of  his  audience,  would  give  him  additional  strength  in  the  performance  of  the  duties  which  he  had  undertaken  in  connection  with  the  new  Ca Catholic  tholic Catholic  Institution  in  Ireland.  The  proceeeings  then  terminated.  SERIOUS  .RIOT  AT  BLACKBURN.  The  Town  of  Blackburn  on  Tuesday  was  disgraced  by  a  riot  which  furnishes  another  instance  of  the  incapacity  of  the  borough  for  self-government.  The  occasion  of  the  riot  was  the  election  of  councillors  for  St.  Peter's  ward  ;  but  it  was  evidently  pre-organised,  as  during  the  night  before,  gangs  of  men  paraded  the  streets  and  disturbed  the  inhabi inhabitants.  tants. inhabitants.  At  ten  o'clock  great  confusion  prevailed,  and  the  banks  a,nd  many  .  shops  were  closed.  From  that  time  till  four  p.m.  the  principal  thoroughfare,  King-street,  was  in  the  handeof  the  two  contending  mobs,  who,  with  stones  and  iron-bound  bludgeons,  strove  for  the  mastery.  The  whole  of  Mr.  Hornby's  windows  were  smashed  in,  stones  being  procured  in  abundance  from  some  paving  operations  going  on  at  this  time.  Alderman  Hoole  and  Dugdale  are  sufferers,  and  the  wounds  inflicted  must  be  of  a  serious  character.  The  authorities  were  conscious  of  their  inability  to  cope  with  the  insurgents,  and  no  effort  was  made  the  whole  day  to  put  doNin  the  riot.  This  circumstance  caused  the  most  cruel  apprehensions  to  many  respectable  families.  The  magistrates  met  in  the  evening,  and  engaged  a  posse  of  special  constables,  and  a  special  train  in  communication  with  the  military  at  Burnley.  The  mobs  Were  headed  and  led  on  by  respectably  dressed  men,  apparently  the  overlookers  at  the  mills.  It  is  to  be  deplored  that  many  of  the  mills  were  closed.  The  inhabitants  of  the  borough  have  been  compelled  to  conclude  that  the  franchise  it  possesses  is  Only  a  source  of  bitter  animosity,  and  of  risk  to  life  and  pro property.  perty. property.  At  nine  o'clock.  the  polling  booth,  (a  room  in  the  hotel,  King-street)  was  in  the  possession  of  Tories,  and  they  kept  it  more  or  less  till  the  early  part  of  the  afternoon.  Whilst  they  thus  guarded  the  door  of  the  booth,  personation  of  voters  was  attempted  in  favour  of  Messrs.  J.  C.  Forrest  and  Hibbert  (cotton  manufacturers).  The  third  person  who  tendered  his  vote  was  given  into  custody  for  personation,  and  in  the  course  of  the  morning  we  are  Wormed  that  one  or  two  more  were  sent  up  to  keep  him  company.  By  noon  the  whole  of  the  factories  were  1. STYLE=superscript  loosed,'  and  then  ensued  a  series  of  skirmishes,  in  which  we  regret  to  say  that  several  persons  were  seriously  injured,  and  scores  much  '  pinched.'  At  six  o'clock  in  the  evening,  the  lives  of  two  men  were  despaired  of.  Another  man  named  Thomas  Proctor,  of  Mile  End,  was  conveyed  home  in  a  cart,  having  had  his  head  much  cut.  He  appeared  very  weak  from  loss  of  blood.  Mr.  Leech,  surgeon,  who  lives  opposite  the  hotel,  was  engaged  for  several  hours  during.  the  middle  of  the  day  in  dressing  the  wounds  of  the  injured.  The  windows  of  Mr.  W.  H.  Hornby  (the  head  of  the  Tory  party)  were  smashed,  as  were  also  those  of  Mr.  W.  Hoole  (a  Libe Liberal  ral Liberal  ma  g  istrate  ),  and  those  of  Mr.  Isaac  Lloyd,  editor  of  the  B'ackburn  Standard.  Throughout  the  day  a  fearful  riot  was  anticipated,  and,  in  order  to  be  prepared  for  it,  there  was  scarcely  a  shop  in  any  of  the  principal  streets  that  was  not  closed.  Many  of  :he  inhabitants  blame  the  authorities  for  not  having  sent  for  the  military  at  . STYLE=superscript  an  early  hour  in  the  morning,  when  every  sign  of  a  great  disturbance  was  plainly  exhibited.  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE  Messrs.  Birley,  Brothers,  have  addressed  the  following  letter  o  the  Times  :  Sir,—Our  attention  having  been  directed  to  an  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  well-written  article  in  your  paper  of  the  26th  ult.,  upon  the  subject  of  the  present  unfortunate  differences  between  the  operatives  of  Preston  and  their  employers,  in  which  you  appear  to  be  under  the  impression  that  little  or  no  advance  has  been  paid,  we  beg  to  lay  before  you  a  single  statement  of  the  facts  of  our  case,  as  the  turn-out  of  our  weavers  has  frequently  been  alluded  to  as  one  of  the  chief  causes  of  the  present  almost  total  stoppage  of  the  cotton-mills  in  Preston  and  the  neighbourhood.  are  further  induced  to  take  this  step  in  order  to  rectify  many  gross  misrepresentations  and  falsehoods  which  for  some  weeks  past  have  been  industriously  circulated  by  a  body  of  unprincipled  persons,  who  are  actively  engaged  in  in.  citing  a  spirit  of  insubordination  and  discontent  among  the  operatives  of  a  town  which  has  hitherto  ranked  second  to  none  of  the  manufacturing  towns  of  Lancashire,  in  a  proper  and  good  feeling  between  the  employers  and  employgel,  -  ‘‘  1 STYLE=superscript  7.t0  weekly  wages  amount  to  upwards  of  £450  The  rate  of  wages  we  have  for  a  length  of  time  past  been  plying  our  weavers,  for  two  descriptions  of  cloth,  comprising  almost  the  whole  of  our  production,  has  been  7d.  and  8d  per  pice.  Upon  an  application  for  an  advance,  we  increased  the  race  to  lad.  and  81(1.  for  the  two  sorts  respectively.  At  the  old  rate  of  Wages  the  weekly  amount  we  £  s.  d.  were  paying  for  750  looms  was  179  11  .  8  To  ;his  add  10  per  cent.  demanded  by  the  weavers  17  19  2  £197  10  10  The  tmount  paid  for  the  week  ending  August  25th,  was  £196  3s.  lid.,  being  only  £1  6s.  11d,  per  week  for  750  looms,  or  about  three  farthings  per  weaver  per  week,  short  of  the  entire  10  pet  cent,  demanded.  Upon  reeeiving  their  wages,  the  weaver,  without  giving  us  any  notice  whatever,  left  their  work,  and,  although  for  three  subsequent  weeks  our  doors  were  open  to  receive  them  at  the  above  advance,  they  made  no  ap application,  plication, application,  nor  did  they  evince  any  intention  of  returning  to  their  employment.  We  may  add,  that  the  above  advance  was  in  proport  on  to  that  paid  by  most  of  the  extensive  establish establishments  ments establishments  in  de  town,  and  we  were  informed  that  the  object  of  our  weavers  in  leaving  their  work  was  for  the  purpose  of  com compelling  pelling compelling  us  to  give  a  more  advanced  rate  of  wages  than  was  generally  offered,  and  then  to  proceed  and  attack  the  other  mills  separate  , STYLE=superscript  y,  until  they  had  compelled  each  and  all  to  agree  to  a  rate  of  wages  of  their  own  fixing,  a  general  meeting  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  Masters'  Association,  our  case,  along  vies  others,  was  taken  into  consideration,  and  it  was  unanimously  agreed,  that  . STYLE=superscript  the  demands  of  the  work workpeople  people workpeople  had  beccmo  so  dictatorial  and  unjust,  that  it  was  impossible  to  sulmit  to  them  any  longer,  and  the  only  alter alternative  native alternative  left  was  to  dose  the  mills  until  the  operatives  then  on  strike  were  prepared  to  resume  their  work,  and  a  better  under understanding  standing understanding  was  established  between  the  employers  and  employed.  We  feel  certain  that  if  our  workpeople  had  been  left  to  use  their  own  discretion,  and  not  allowed  themselves  to  be  misled  by  persons  who,  unconnected  with  them,  hare  undertaken  the  responsibility  of  guidit  g  their  actions,  the  present  unfortunate  position  of  affairs  would  have  been  avoided,  and  the  good  feeling  previously  existing  between  ourselves  and  our  work workpeople  people workpeople  remained  undisturbed.  We  are,  your  most  obedient  servants,  BROTHERS.  Hanover-street  Mills,  Preston,  Nov.  1.  NEW  QUEEN'S  COUNSEL.—On  Wednesday  last  baing  the  first  day  of  Michaelmas  term,  the  newly  appointed  Counsel  was  called  within  the  bar,  and  took  their  seats.  Amongst  them  were  Mr.  Edward  James,  Assessor  of  the  Liverpool  Court  of  Passage  ;  Mr.  Temple,  Mr.  -Grove,  and  Mr.  Montague  Smith.  Among  the  towns  in  England  and  Scotland  that  sufered  most  from  cholera  in  1848-9,  may  be  mentioned  the  following  :—Edinburgh,  where  the  deaths  were  448  ;  Glasgow,  about  1,200  in  a  population  of  280,000;  Carnhoe  Ironworks,  near  Glasgow,  71  in  1,200,  or  1  in  17  ;  Dum Dumfries  fries Dumfries  and  Maxwelltown,  nearly  300  in  10,000  ;  Hamilton,  123  in  9,000;  Paisley,  Inverness,  Dundee,  Sunderland,  Liverpool  (1,950  deaths);  Manchester  township,  828;  Hull,  1,345;  Wolverhampton,  Leeds,  Sheffield,  Bristol,  (445).  Gloucester,  Plymouth,  Cardiff,  Merthyr  Tydfil,  and  Dowlais.  LIVERPOOL  ARCHITECTURAL  SOCIETY.—The  third  meeting  of  this  body  for  the  session—the  sixth—took  place  on  Wednesday  night.  Mr.  Verelst  occupied  the  chair,  and  was  attended  by  the  hon.  sec.,  Mr.  80u1t.  4  41A  ballot  was  imme.  diately  entered  upon  for  the  election  of  new  members  and  new  associates.  Mr.  J.  B.  Hughes,  of  Mill-street,  proposed  by  Mr.  Boult,  and  Mr.  Chartrell  ;  Mr.  Robert  Dempster,  pro proposed  posed proposed  by  Xr.  Stay,  and  Mr.  Duncan,  as  associate  members;  and  Mr.  Janes  Norman  Crofts,  of  Fraser-street,  proposed  by  Mr.  Goodall  and  Mr.  Huggins,  as  a  student  member.  These  several  electims  having  been  concluded,  at  eight  o'clock  the  public  proceenings  of  the  society  commenced,  and  we  were  somewhat  anxious  to  ascertain  if  Mr.  Huggin's  very  interesting  taper  on  the  columbian  architecture  of  antiquity,  and  the  psones  of  Venice,  should  be  resumed,  when  a  paper  was  intro introduced  duced introduced  upon  the  application  of  photography  to  architectural  delineation,  which  elicited  the  admiration  of  the  assembly,  for  the  ability  and  intelligence  displayed  by  the  essayist,  in  pro propounding  pounding propounding  his  views  and  opinions  on  the  subject.  PRESENCE  OF  MlND.—Another  instance  of  pres presence  ence presence  of  mind  and  coolness  in  danger,  was  recently  given  in  the  Bois  do  Boulonge.  A  boy  about  eight  years  of  age,  son  of  a  rich  foreigner,  residing  in  Paris,  was  sitting  en  the  box  with  the  coachman,  when  the  person  inside  got  out  to  walk.  The  coachman  then  getting  down,  gave  the  boy  the  reins  to  hold.  By  some  chance  the  reins  slipped  from  his  hands,  and  the  horses,  feeling  themselves  at  liberty,  dashed  off  at  a  great  pace.  Continued  their  course  for  upwards  of  a  league,  the  boy  clinging  on  with  all  his  strength  the  whole  time.  At  last,  the  horses  approached  the  bridge  of  Sevres,  a  working  man  threw  himself  hefore  them,  and  succeeded  in  stopping  them.  The  boy  then  quietly  got  off  the  box,  and,  addressing  the  man  who  was  holding  the  panting  horses,  I  have  to  thank  you  for  your  kindness,  and  I  am  certain  my  father  will  be  happy  to  recompense  It  is  unnecessary  to  say  that  this  took  place,  the  parents  of  the  boy  having  been  in  dreadful  agony  about  hitn.---.French  Paper.  CHOLERA  has  appeared  in  Edrom,  Berwickshire,  at  Carnwath,  Lanarkshire,  and  at  Duddingstone,  near  Edin Edinburgh,  burgh, Edinburgh,"
