text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  11.1011TETARY  AND,  COMMERCIAL,  •  LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY  EITNING.  f  ,  )3 STYLE=superscript  .  Y  the  Royal  Mail  steam  ship,  Thames,  which  rep  or  eu  at  South  ampton  on  Sunday,  and  which  was  Irix!rted  in'  the  Northern  Daily  Times,  of  yesterday,  e STYLE=superscript  have  received  our  private  and  general  intelli intelligene  gene intelligene  of  froni  the  West  Indies,  and  the  western  coast  South  America.  Our  dates  . STYLE=superscript  from  Valparaiso  are.  t  o  o  ,  thei  August  - STYLE=superscript  15.  Ituaco  16,  :Coquimbo  1  0  - STYLE=superscript  ,*  2  ,  lll STYLE=superscript  Ltera  T  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  7,  Cobija  19,'Inquique  19,  Avica  20,  Islay  Tt.,  l STYLE=superscript  T  l STYLE=superscript  ,_'n•  25 STYLE=superscript  ,  Callao  26,  Paytu  29,  Suayaquil  . STYLE=superscript  31.  i  brings  another  addition  •to  our  vast  mportation  of  gol  b STYLE=superscript  d,  amounting  to  2,700,000  dots,,  all  about  X  5  40,000.  It  is  believed  that  this  is  not  a  the  b  u  lli  on  brought  by  this  vessel,  as  -  she  had  sever STYLE=superscript  al  packages  on  f  re  i  g  h  t,  w  hi  c  h  were  suppose  d  contain  specie.  Of  the  amount  actually  . STYLE=superscript  4seer,  ai  -  X  2,409,639,  is  from  the  •.Gttlfof  Mexico  ;  of  which  13  81 STYLE=superscript  ,000  dols.  is  for  aedottnt  Of  the  Mekican  ond-hoid  '  •  ;vest  Indian  advices  do  not  Contain  any-  St.  f  eenimercial  or  political  interest.  From  P  ort  in STYLE=superscript  ceqs  we  have  an  official  account  of  the  ex expre  pre expre  8 STYLE=superscript  ef  that  Island,  up  to  the  20th  August,  in  the  j  ild  s STYLE=superscript  i  e STYLE=superscript  'lt  Year,  which  will  be  found  in  our  West  a STYLE=superscript  ne STYLE=superscript  ws  of  this  day.  IT  ur STYLE=superscript  e  dates  from  the  Gulf  and  West  India  Island  are,  ton,  cz  tr  ,.r  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  Cruz,  Sept:  4,  Havamth,  Sept:  9,  Kirigg•  1 STYLE=superscript  0,  a  i  2,  16,  Trinidad,  Sept.  10,  St.  Vincent,  Sept.  '  3 STYLE=superscript  t.  Thomas,  Sept.  15.  ha  ve  ','arge  arrivals  of  gold  noticed  in  this  journal  v  r STYLE=superscript  ellueed  its  benificial  effect  on  the  London  Th  er  e STYLE=superscript  Y  - STYLE=superscript  Diarket.  Consols  opened  at  024  to  03*,  day  b„,were  a'  variety  of  quotations  during  the  fid  e  every  thing,  denotes  a  speedy  return  of  con conk  k conk  c  re.  Indi  a  s  t  oc  k  was  d  one  a  t  246;  India  bonds  Th  e  is.,  and  Exchequer  Bills  at  8s-  and  13s.  dis.  Ste  e  l.  f()r STYLE=superscript  eigri  house  was  most  inactive.  Mexican  tli  n  .,  -- STYLE=superscript  a  w STYLE=superscript  as  principally  dealt  in  at  24/  25  for  the  set setliet'a.7  liet'a.7 setliet'a.7  On  the  14th  ;  Grenada  deferred,  at  84  8a;  for  :uvian  at  72+  for  31  per  Cent  Bonds,  and  50+  '  t STYLE=superscript  he  3  per  Cent.  i  n  11 STYLE=superscript  the  Railway  Market,  there  was  a  tendency  to  G7revement.  Eastern  counties  rallied  to  121.  lea  a  t  Northern  - STYLE=superscript  were  to  I  highci.  North  S  n  °l.4l STYLE=superscript  Westerns  ranged  between'  1041  and  1031  l  i  n  - STYLE=superscript  t  ut STYLE=superscript  h  Westerns  tonched  74,  but  the  advance  was  f  r  — STYLE=superscript  M STYLE=superscript  aintained.  Midlands  were  actively  dealt  in  5h  ° STYLE=superscript  1  131 STYLE=superscript  ,2,  9 STYLE=superscript  i  to  6+  Norfolks  were  firmer  at  48+.  ti  ll  ,  - STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  eury  and  Birmingham,  which  were  at  one  i  ni  -e STYLE=superscript  to  day  644  are  now  fully  21  higher.  Berwicks  att  i STYLE=superscript  red  ss.  to  South  Eastern  were  dealt  in  t0.,1  11- STYLE=superscript  div.  French  Shares  were  rather  weaker  I\  , STYLE=superscript  „  -a3 STYLE=superscript  %  Paris  and  Lyons  are  last  quoted  25a;  - STYLE=superscript  j  „ STYLE=superscript  of  France.  Q.  4641 STYLE=superscript  Mining  Shares  were  more  in  demand— demandeatN'lloget  eatN'lloget demandeatN'lloget STYLE=superscript  at  2ft  ;  Nouveau  Monde,  4  to  1-  pre preiili  iili preiili  Phillips,  to  dis  ;  Agua  Fria  I  pre  :  hi  g  3 STYLE=superscript  )  Oriental  Bank  shares  •were  ten  shillngs  Rai  , STYLE=superscript  English  and  Scottish  Australian  were  sold  p  IT STYLE=superscript  dis.  Union  of  Australia  were  ss.  higher.  a  l  '&#34;tian  Agricultural  Company  35 STYLE=superscript  .  Crystal-  8  .  A  ce'  sh  ares  11  prem  i  um  .  P  ee  l  River  Land,  par.  ,  Land,  34  to  35.  Vandierrian!S  Land,  15.t0  - STYLE=superscript  15  ' STYLE=superscript  AustililaBian.  Peninsular  and  Oriental  la  0 STYLE=superscript  entire  quantity  of  gold  exported  during  the  s STYLE=superscript  '  w STYLE=superscript  eek;  amounts  to  X  150,000  only,-  against  1  :°  9 STYLE=superscript  6,0001.  i  mporte  d  i  n  t  h  e  same  per  i  o  d  .  Th  e  St  eamer.  Inch  will  l  eave  for  the  Mediterranean  to-morrow  4 STYLE=superscript  :  expected  to  take  out  about  .&amp;100,000  worth  of  tliver  for  the  East  Indies  and  China.  The  West  14dia,  steamer  took  out  about  160,000  or  £70,000  1 STYLE=superscript  4  gold  bars,  on  account  of  the  Peruvian  Loan.  The  trade  of  our  port  is  still  in  highly  satisfac satisfaclery  lery satisfaclery  condition.  The  imports  and  exports  are  both  -  .  _  buing  on  to  a  large  extent.  The  stock  and  money  markets  have  also  improved  both  in  prices  and  - STYLE=superscript  amount  of  business  done.  On  Saturday,  a  very.  Inarked  improvement  took  place  in  the  value  Of  raillvay  shares,  and  has  been  fully  supported  with  I'  Prospect  of  a  further  advance,  which  we  shall  Jaztve  to  report  to-morrow.  The  good  sense  of  the  Public  is  beginning  to  discover  the  absurdity  of  giving  way  to  alarm  at  a  moment  when  all  the  great  interests  .of  the  country  are  in  a  most  pros  perons  state.  The  bank,of  England  must  speedily  reduce  its  rate  oe  interest.  The  Joint  Stock  Banks  will  soon  enter  into  a  fierce  competition  with  the  their  deposits  al-  Threadneedl  teady  amount  to  X  21,000,000,  and  we  strongly  su  IRA:c  that  the  next  returns  will  show  a  further  in-  Z  j  n  e STYLE=superscript  their  money-power,  and  that  they  also  bullion  holders.  MARKET  AND  Fonnirx  EXCHANGES.  -  4SSi  s  i  glue STYLE=superscript  the  current  price  of  Gold,  follows,  to  btll  e  l,‘  4o STYLE=superscript  merchant  in  calculating  the  rates  of  Ctin  Exchange,  by  the  actual  current  rates  of  I STYLE=superscript  °  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  as  last  reported  ° STYLE=superscript  lldon  775.  9d. STYLE=superscript  Paris,  •  Hamburgh,-;  lift  Vienna,  -;  St.  Petersburg,  -;  Ber Ber;  ; Ber;  Milan,  -;  Constantinople,  -;  Alexandria,  Syd  a  '  Bombay,  -;  Calcutta,  ;  Hong  .  _  ;  trek  e STYLE=superscript  Y  , STYLE=superscript  77s  ;  Port  Phillip,  -;  Adelaide,  -;  mon mon*  * mon*  York,  •  San  Francisco,  -;  _l  e  •  -----;  _ow-  Ile  °  Brazils,  --.  LONDON  CORN  MARKET,  MONDAY.  f  or  the  e  weather  since  Friday,  although  showery,  has  heen  fine  s  outi‘  season,  with  westerly  winds,  veering  from  north  neat  p  i  h  and  last  night  a  white  frost.  The  supply  of  English  at  to  thi  s  morn  i  ng  '  s  mar  k  et  was  sma  ll  ,  an  d  t  h  e  quan  tity  ilejaerally  being  indifferent,  met  a  :  slow  sale,  on  the  terms  of  le  r  :  senni  g  ht  ;  the  market  was  tolerably  attended  by  mfl  'tent  the  country,  who  purchased  foreign  only  in  retail  t  the  quotations.  Of  English  barley  there  was  a  good  supply;  c STYLE=superscript  lliality  ery  variou  The  finest  sold  readily  at  last  week's  li  e  `  e STYLE=superscript  s;  second  and  in  s. STYLE=superscript  ferior  are  difficult  of  sale.  Beans  and,  6  1.  45 STYLE=superscript  t  are  unaltered  in  value.  Oats  sell  slowly  at  an  advance  of  bet  .°  ls•  er  r.  Fr  flour  the  demand  ws  nt  extensive  la  th  e  p STYLE=superscript  sale  q STYLE=superscript  made  o STYLE=superscript  the  extreme  prices  f  a STYLE=superscript  last  o STYLE=superscript  week  were  alined.  LONDON  CATTLE  MARKET.  MONDAY.  Prb,,  We  Were  tolerably  well  supplied  with  foreign  stocks  to-day.  gra  7.deniand  for  it  ruled  steadily  st  full  prices.  From  our  own  N  ve  :  l STYLE=superscript  ng  districts  the  receipts  of  beasts  fleshup  this  morning  all  b  e STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  lightly  on  the  increase.  and  in  improved  condition.  For  4  r STYLE=superscript  eeds,  as  the'  weather  was  favourable  for  slaughtering,  and  3 STYLE=superscript  e  whatht  a  .  ttendance  of  huyers  was  good,  the  demand  ruled  some-  Th  e  brisk,  at  fully  last  Monday's  advance  in  the  quotations.—  Primest  Scots  were  worth  quite  4s.  6d.  per  81bs.  There  at  about  an  average  supply  of  sheep  on  sale  ;  but  the  general  Ight  of  tlmost  breeds  was  by  no  means  heavy.'  On  the  whole,  t  o  'e STYLE=superscript  ti  '`:  (  cotton  trade  was  less  active,  but  we  have  no  change  to  p  er  t  i  e STYLE=superscript  ,  in  prices.  -  The  primcst  old  Downs  were  worth  58.  2d..  h STYLE=superscript  '•  Calves  were  in  short  supply,  and  steady  request,  at  1  1  .  4  _  's  advance  in  prices  of  from  6d.  to  Bd.  per  Blbs.  The  neft  calves  were  worth  ss.  4d.  per  Sibs.  YESTERDAY.—Between  one  and  two  t  a  b  - STYLE=superscript  4  Yesterday  morning,  a  man  named  Thomas  Banton,  a  be  -driver STYLE=superscript  from  Waterloo,  was  brought  into  the  Northern  bc'Pltal  with  a  fractured  thigh.  ppeurs  that  he  had  li  ll STYLE=superscript  t  t  i  dri STYLE=superscript  villgtwo  gentlemen  in  the  cab,.both  of  whem  were  beim  e STYLE=superscript  in  liquor,  as  was  the  driver  himself.  One  of  the  el  ncl  ° STYLE=superscript  Men  took  the  reins,  and  the  driver,  when  goingto  ,„ge  Places  with  the  latter  party,  (the  foot-board,  being  o  N  .•Y  11.1.1,a11,)  slipped  and  fell  on  the  .  road,  and  the  wheel  went  uls  thigh  and  fractured  it.—  John  Corneila,  a  boy  tail  e  d  .2  1 STYLE=superscript  ,ears'  of  urge,  rselellt STYLE=superscript  belonging  to  an  American  s  .  hip  fell  64.  tue  urecian,  lying  in  the  Nelson  Dock,  accidentally  ' STYLE=superscript  n  - STYLE=superscript  the  hold,  and  severely  injured  his  ribs.—A  very  4 STYLE=superscript  a  - STYLE=superscript  eCtabl  a  •  whose  name  is  at  present  unknown,.  y  dressed  man,  p  gettnio.  on:  to  the  top  of  the  Great  Howard-street  and  '411  1  4111 STYLE=superscript  e  ku STYLE=superscript  er-s  ° STYLE=superscript  quare  terminus  in  Dale-street,  (which,  at  the  ,  Pro  c  f,„`  v STYLE=superscript  .as  moving  on),  when  he  fell  .  o  .a  ff  the  roof,  thereby  Proe  seven  concussions  of  the  brain.  Iluin  e STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  ti  quig  in  the  direction  of  the  Northern  Hospital,  it  As  the  bus  was  oil  hoar  lately  conveyed  him  there.—ltichard  Lewis,  a  seaman  eo  l  the  brig  •  Angore,  fell  overboard,  and  received  a  the  Deg STYLE=superscript  illd  fracttire  of  the  le  together  with_  dislocation  of  aft  the  joint.  Amputation  was  performed  three  hours  A.  4 STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  s  l STYLE=superscript  'C  accident.  9ity  INGfILA  R  MISTAKE.—On  board  the  steamer  aolhf  4411 STYLE=superscript  chester,  which  arrived  in  Liverpool  from  Phila Philavs‘46  vs‘46 Philavs‘46  . STYLE=superscript  a  a STYLE=superscript  Sunday,  was  a  passenger  whose  luggage  m  bore  ng  the  of  G.  R.  B.  Clemenson.  Yesterday  i  this  r STYLE=superscript  ap,  - STYLE=superscript  „  m STYLE=superscript  'as  found  ling  on  the  deck  of  the  vessel  nio STYLE=superscript  in  a  ' STYLE=superscript  state  -44 STYLE=superscript  tr  r STYLE=superscript  e  4 STYLE=superscript  t  lifelessness.  The  police  were  at  once  .  called  in,  'e  ed,  ffi  conveyed  to  the  Northern  Hospital.  The  t'4l,l° STYLE=superscript  his  N  .  177,  who  brought  the  body  there,  reported reportedt'4lll4.l:tratisllteictoir  t'4lll4.l:tratisllteictoir reportedt'4lll4.l:tratisllteictoir  o STYLE=superscript  tltat  all  life  was  extinct..  .A  report  was  fur  'oe  coroner's  office,  and  the  coroner's  beadle  was  tlt  n  .Niii  7 STYLE=superscript  :  t  t  i  _o  the  steamer  for  the  purpose  of  making  enquiries  aft  40 STYLE=superscript  state  of  health  and  habits  of  the  passenger  rn  a  vova..e•  On  his  way  back  to  the  coroner's  court,  h  at STYLE=superscript  e  t STYLE=superscript  f  4 STYLE=superscript  h  q  ,,  kin STYLE=superscript  g  necesssry  enquiries,  he  happned  to  .  call  and  there,  to  his  surprise  .  and  gratification,  In  be  en  1  ,  -god  the  patient  upon  whom  the  inquest  was  to  have  Wh STYLE=superscript  ich  recovered  from  the  state  of  unconsc_io  .  usness  t  t STYLE=superscript  r  ° STYLE=superscript  o  4e_ceiv  e  l-e STYLE=superscript  'ay,  rallied  considerably,  and  was  in  a  fair  way  1  a  renewed  lease  of  life,  and  save  the  coroner  Pi  e. STYLE=superscript  F  afte STYLE=superscript  r  12  MOOR  S  TREET  .—This  morning.  shcrtly  °l STYLE=superscript  's^  , STYLE=superscript  Y  el STYLE=superscript  °ek:  a  fire  was  discovered  in  room  lof  the  ware wareeiN.  eiN. wareeiN.  ' STYLE=superscript  Messrs.  J.  Ly  nc  h  &amp;  S  ons  ,  s  it  ua  t  e  d  i  n  Moor  Street,  xltiti  l  leK STYLE=superscript  and  Street!  An  inimedilte  alarm  was  given,  and  Mr.  far  Aft  er  ,  a  body  of  firemen  were  promptly  on  th  .  e  spo  e  '  e STYLE=superscript  ll'  great  difficulty,  an  entrance  was  forced  into  th  so  me  °llse,  and  the  fire  was  found  to  have  oricrinated  amongst_  Th  e  .  s STYLE=superscript  aelcs  in  the  warehouse.  It  was  speedily  extinguished,  mere  ellines STYLE=superscript  were  not  brought  into  play.  Had  the  ire  got  1  ,  11  lie!d  b^ STYLE=superscript  efore  . STYLE=superscript  ')Oing  -- STYLE=superscript  disov€red,  the  most  serious  results  re STYLE=superscript  sultek.owin  to  the  narrownes  of  the  street,  larg  e  mass  of  warehouse  property  iu  s STYLE=superscript  the  vicinity.  PACIFIC  SETTLEMENT  OF  THE  EASTERN  QUESTION.  Northern  Dey  Times  Office,  Tuesday  Morning  -  We  hasten  to  lay  before  6111-  readers  the  .  follow following  ing following  most  important  intelligence,  just  received  from  our  London  correspondent  ;  •  ,  LONDOIN  MONDAY  NIGHT  A  .  telegraphic  dispatch  arrived  here  to-day,  which  gives  some  hope  of  a  pacific  solution  of  the  Eastern  Question.  It  is  as  follows:  .  PARIS,  MONDAY.  The  AssentWe  Yationaie  announces  positively  from  Ohnutz,  that  the  conference  of  Vienna  has  been  re  established  between  the  four  Powers.  The  spread-of  the  negociations  has  been  resumed,  and  a  solution  more  happy  and  more  prompt  than  might  have  been  hoped  for,  is  The  joUrnal  in  which  this  announcement  is  made;  is  - STYLE=superscript  one  of  the  Russian  organs  in  Paris;  and  it  is  supposed  that  the  information  has  been  communicated  to  it,  frOm  an  official  Russian  source.  The  fact  of  the  conference  having  been  resumed  is  not  only  probable  itself,  seeing  that  the  four  Power's  failed  to  express  their  own  meaning  in  the  Vienna  note,  but  if  war  is  to  be  - STYLE=superscript  avoided,  it  is  the  only  course  open  for  them  to  take.  - STYLE=superscript  They  will  now  have  to  define  precisely  their  exact  intentions  and  views,  and  to  submit  them  again  to  Turkey  and  Russia.  Thus  another  opportunity  ieopen  for.  Ole  close  of  the  present  embarrassing  state  of  things,  with  honour  to  all  Parties  :  In  the  meantime,  all  parties  remains  in  statu  quo,  Russia  in  the  principalities  s  the  allied  fleets  before  Constantinople,  and  the  four  Powers  at  Vienna.  Most  pacific  professions  are  made  by  all  parties  The  danger  still  is  in  delaying  the  conclusion.  The  Berlin  correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chronicle  has  the  following  :  is  currently.reported  at  St.  Petersburg,  that  several  bottles  hermetically  sealed  and  air  tight,  but  not  containing  any  memoranda  to  indicate  their-  origin,  have  been  picked  up  on  the  highest  latitudes  of  the  Siberian  coast,  and  forwarded  to  the  Russian  Government,  which  has  not  only  commu communicated  nicated communicated  the  circumstance  to  her  Majesty  s  Envoy,  but  delivered  to  him  several  of  these,  bottles.  An  impression  has  consequently  arisen  that  these  bottles  belonged  to  Franklin's  expedition  ;  and  it  is  hoped,'feeble  as  these  evidences  may  be,  that  they  may  tend  to  throw  some  light  upon  the  fate  of  our  countrymen  by  producing  a  search  in  a  new  direction  corresponding  with  the  set  of  the  currents  that  have  .thrown  these  bottles  on  the  Siberian  coast.  A  letter  from  St.  Petersburg  received  last  night  (Friday,)  states  that  the  Queen's  messenger,  who  embarked  on  Saturday  at  Cronsta,dt,  was  charged  to  convey  one  of  the  bottles  to  the  Admi Admiralty,  ralty, Admiralty,  with  divers  memoranda  relating  to  the  sub.  ject  drawn  up  by,  or  communicate  4  to,  the  British  Legation  at  St.  Petersburg.  LIVERPOOL  AUXILIARY  SOCIETY  BIBLI  Last  evening  '  the  Annual  Meeting  of  the  Liverpool.  Auxiliary  Bible  - STYLE=superscript  Society,  was  held  in  the  Collegiate  Institu Institution,  tion, Institution,  Shaw-street,  The  Lord  Bishop  of  Chester  presided.  The  theatre  of  the  institution  was  crowded  to  excess.  Amongst  those  preSent  we  noticed  the  following  :—The  Lord  Bishop  of  Chester,  •  Rev.  Dr.  McNeile,  Rev.  Dr.  Razes,  Rev,  J.  Jones,  Rawson  Rev.  F..  Barker,  Rev.  C.  M;  Bate%  Rev..  F  Parry  ]  Rev:J.  Wright,  Rev,  T.  Car Carter,  ter, Carter,  Rev.  E.  Gabriel,  Rev:  IL  'Hampton;  RON':  F;  Gal,  Rev.  Mr.  Vernon,  Rev.  Mr.  Nevenharn,  Rev.  it.  Mac  Can,  Rev  . STYLE=superscript  .  W.  Hughes,  Rev.  J.  Edwards,  Rev.  J.  Kelly,  Rev.  W.  F.  Taylor,  Rev.  C:  W.  Lawrence,  Rev.  J.  England,  Rev..  J.  West,  Rev.  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Reade  - STYLE=superscript  ,:Rev.  J.  Holmes,  Rev.  Mr.  Hirich;  Rev.  Mr.  Robinson,  'Rev_  Mr.  Cooper,  Rev.  Dr.  Dixon,  E.  Cropper,  Esq.,  A.  Hodgson,  Esq.,  C.  Inman,  Esq.,  W:  Jones,  .Esq.,  Richard.  Griffiths,  Esq.,  H.  J.  Webster,  Esq.,  W.  Maples,  Esq.,  G,.  Willes,  Esq.,  J.  Eden,  Esq.,  W.  Collitt  i  Esq.,  It:  Payne,  Esq.,  Leather,  .Esq,,  Howell,  Esq.,  J,  Cropper,  Esq  .  :  I.  I.  Glazebrook  - STYLE=superscript  ,  sq.,E  0.,  H.  3.toore,  Esq.,  J.  K.  Romithwaite  '  Esq.,  Rev.  T.  C.  Cowan,  Rev.  W:  London,  Rev.  J.  T.  Willink,  ReV.  D.  Barry.  •  _  Tlie  meeting  -was  opened  by  reading  part  of  the  19th  psalm.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  rose,  and  said,  before  I  proceed  to  what  is  the  proper  business  of  this  meeting,  to  call  upon  the  secretary  to  read  to  you  the  report,  I  wish  to  giVe  ex expression  pression expression  to  the  great  pleasure  I  feel  in  meeting  you  again  on  the  present  occasion,  and  seeing  you  assembled  in  such  num-.  bets  as  you  are.  Why,  I  am  sure  that  you  are  all  fully  sensible  of  the  vast  importance  of  the  object  for  which  we•  are  niet  ;  fully  sensible  of  the  call  of  diity  which  hai:  brought  us  here.  But  perhaps  you  may  not  be  at  all  times  equelly  sensible  of  the  greatness  of  your  privileges  in  meeting  thus  together,  and  for  this  object..  It  is  only  when  we'  com  . STYLE=superscript  7  j  pare  other  countries  with  our  own,  that  we  become  fully  sensible'  how  great  a  privilege  it  is  to  live  in  a  land  where  the  gospel  has  free  course,  and  where  liberty  of  conscince  is  protected,  both  by  the  authority  of  the  laws,  and  the  united  force  of  public  opinion.  (Hear,  hear.)  When  we  look  abroad,  when  we  look  at  the  continent  of  Europe,  we.  do  not  find  thatthe  same  is  the  case  in  every  country  there.  (Hear,  hear.)  Very  recently,  at  this  very  moment—we  have  now  the  little  dukedom  of  Tuscany,—(Hear,  hear.)—we  have  a  very  painful  instance  .of  the  hindrance  that  still  eon=  tinues  there,  to  be  thrown  in  the  way  of:the  free  circulation  of  the  word  of  God.  (Hear,  'hear.)  Now,  my  .  dear  friends,  bear  with  me  in  the  few  words  which  I  am  going  to  say  to  you  on  this  subject.  lam  aware  it  is  a  very  difficult  point  that  arises  in  the  case,  as  to  the  right  of  independent  States  to  form  their  own  laWs,  for  their  own  internal  government.  Speaking  in  the  abstract,  such  a  right  seems  to  be  essen essentially  tially essentially  and  necessarily  implied  in  the  very  idea  of  national  independence.  (Hear,  hear.)  Let  me  also  draw  your  at attention  tention attention  to  another  principle,  and  .that  is,  I  believe  the  law  of  Tuscany  is  not  in  express  language  Whatever  its  spirit  may  be.--ris  not  in  express  language  directed  against  the  circulation  of  the  bible  in  any  other  versions  than  those  of  which  their  own  church  approves.  But  without  dwelling  .  either  on  that  distinction,  or  the  delicate  question  of  inter,  national  law—i  which  is  a  matter  foreign,  I  beg  to  say,  to  the  purposes  of  our  meeting  here,  think  we  may  all  with  safety  say  this,  that  the  policy  of  any  government,  which  attempts  in  this  day,  to  inflict  civil  punishment  on  a  person  for  distributing  the  bible,  is  a  policy  that  in  the  end  will  re recoil  coil recoil  on  its  authors,  (hear,hear,)  because  it  will  enlist  against  them  the  moral  sympathies  of  all  liberal  and  enlightened  minds  in  every  country  of  the  world.  (Great  applause.)  Happily,  in  this  -country  of  ours  there  are  no  hindrances  there  are  no  impediments  i—(hear,  hear)  ,—we  have  a  clear  fieldopen  to  us  if  we  are  but  .willing  to  act  up  to  the  standard  of  our  duty.  But  what  does  this  meeting  of  the  Bible  So Society  ciety Society  in  our  happy  country  show  ?  Why  it  shows  this,  that  good  men,  though  differing  from  each  other  in  minor  points  and  forms,  here  meet  together  in  concord,  to  co-operate  together  for  the  great  object  of  this  Society  hear,)  and  thus  give  a  noble  proof  to  all  the  world,  not  only  to  England,  Sut  wherever  English  transactions  are  read  or  known,.  it  gives  a  noble  proof,  notwithstand notwithstanding  ing notwithstanding  their  differences,  they  know  how  to  preserve  .  amongst  themselveS  a  spirit  of  Christian  charity  ;  they  know  how  to  recognize,  as  Protestants,  in  the  circulation  of  God's  Word,  a  common  ground  on  which  they  can  take  their  stand  side  by  side,  and  a  centre  of  union  on  which  they  can  show  to  the  whole  world  that  as  Christians  and  Protestant  Christians,  they  are  all  still  bound  together.  (Cheers.)  These  are  things  for  which  we  cannot  be  sufficiently  grate grateful,  ful, grateful,  and  it  is  only  when  we'  are  reminded  by  the  painful  contrast  in  other  countries  that  we  become  sufficiently  sen,  sible,  I  think,  of  our  great  .  privileges,  under  Providence,  in  having  this  liberty  of  conscience  and  action  amongst  our ourselves.  selves. ourselves.  (Hear,  hear.)  His  Lordship  then  referred  to  the  presence  of  a  deputation  from  the  Parent  Society,  and  then  called  on  the  Secretary  to  read  the  report.  _  _  .  The  Rev.  Mr.  PARRY  then  read  the  report.,  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  issue  during  the  last  year  had  been  1,168,794  copies,  being  an  increase  upon  last  year  of  14,152.  During  fifty  years  of  its  past  existence;  the  issue  had  been  26,571,103.  (Cheers.)  The  total  receipts  had  amounted  to  £109,160  10s.  Bd.,  being  £7ll  19s.  10d.  more  than  was  reported  last  year.  (Applause.)  In  Ike  con contributions  tributions contributions  from  the  Auxiliary  Societies,  there  had  been  an  increase  of  £2,422  16s.  11d.  on  the  preceding  year.  Froni  the  Liverpool  Auxiliary,  there  was  subscribed  £405  2s.  101,  being  £2  19s.  more  than  the  previous  year,  and  £l3  13s.  had  been  received  since  the  accounts  were  made  up,  making  a  total  for  the  year  of  £4lB  15s.  Donations  amounted  to  £206  15s.  The  contributions  of  the  Ladies'  Branch  were  £224  6s'  3d.,  being  an  increase,  as  compared  with  the  pre previous  vious previous  year,  of  £8  12s.  4d.  The  Jubilee  Funds,  although  they  did  not  properly  belong  to  that  report;  might  be  stated  as  about  £l,OOO.  •  The  increase  upon  the  receipts  from  associations  connected  with  that  auxiliary  body  were  £29  18s.  The  Welch  branch  was  £450  16s.  ld.,  after  supplying  the  wants  of  their  countrymen  in  Liverpool;  The  Mechanics'  Association,  £4  12s.  sd.  The  proceeds  of  the  sales  of  books  in  Liverpool,  £699  7s.  Id.  Up  to  the  time  of  closing  the  accounts  for  1852,  the  total  receipts  were  £3,768  ss.  4&amp;d.,  being  £223  13s.  sd.  more  than  the  previous  year.  (Applause.)  The  total  number  of  bibles  de delivered  livered delivered  in  the  different  branches  was  10,641,  and  of  testa testaments,  ments, testaments,  10,225.  The  Rev.  C.  M.  BIRRELL  then  came  forward  and  moved  the  adoption  of  the  report.  He  said  the  report  contained  materials  which  an  infallible  historian  would  consider  of  more  value  than  much  which  received  greater  notice,  and  if,  as  it  were  said  by  a  celebrated  French  author,  Francis  I.  derived  more  honour  from  the  labours  of  Stephens  the  printer  of  the  Bible,  than  from  all  his  great'efforts  in  peace  and  war,  or  even  from  his  patronage  of  art  and  science,  he  thought  they  might  safely  say  respecting  the  distribution  of  a  large  number  of  Copies  of  the  Inspired  Word,  it  would  ob obtain  tain obtain  an  imperishable  record  somewhere  when  the  great  com commercial  mercial commercial  and  mercantile  transactions  of  the  country  had  floated  down  the  stream  of  oblivion.  (Cheers.)  He  rejoiced,  that  although  the  enthusiasm  attendant  on  the  first  estalop  lishment  of  this  society  had  passed  away,  that  so  great  a  number  still  continued  to  distribute  the  Bible  amongst  the,  poor,  and  as  the  old  were  removed,  he  trusted  the  young.  would  press  forward  to  supply  their  places,  until  there  was  not  a  family  in  England  which  had  not  the  light  in  its  awell-.  ing.  (Applause.)  Although  this  was  a  local  society,  it  was  intimately  connected  with'  the'  foreign  one.  They  had  stay staying  ing staying  amongst  thein  every  year  as  many  as  15,000  seamen  from  foreign  countries,  speaking  foreign  languages,  and  not  fewer  thanlo,ooo  emigrants  fro  them  Continent  passedannu passedannually  ally passedannually  through  their  streets,  and  lodged  in  their  greatboarding greatboardinghouses  houses greatboardinghouses  for  a  few  days  before  emigrating,  and  it  was  singular  they  should  not  have  awakened  earlier  to  the  responsibility  which  that  fact  involved.  (Cheers.)  When  they  did  so,  they  found  multitudes  of  those  strangers  who  came  from  Protestant  countries,  were,  notwithstanding,  destitute  of  the  bcriptures,  whilst  those  who  came  from  Roman  Catholic.  countries  were  entirely  ignorant  that  such  a  boot  had  exist existence.  ence. existence.  (Hear,  hear.)  Their  foreign  Colporteur  had  sold  128  . STYLE=superscript  Bibles,  and  1,592  Testaments.  This  was  a  very  short  state statement  ment statement  of  a  very  glorious  fact,  and  an  analysis  of  that  item,  a  history  of  the  copies  that  had  been  so  distributed,  if  followed  out,  would  give  to  every  heart  in  that  assembly  the  greatest  gratification.  Portuguese  and  Spaniards  who  had  before  purchased  Bibles,  left  them  at  home  amongst  their  friends.  and  then  bought  others,  and  even  the  Greek  seamen  could  now  read  the'Word  of  God  in  the  very  characters  and  al-  , STYLE=superscript  most  in  the  very  words  of  the  Holy.  Ghost.  (Cheers.)  Rome  dared  not  to  give  the  bread  of  life  to  the  hungry  na nations,  tions, nations,  but  they  should  have  it  in  spite  of  her.  (Great  applause.)  Before  Rome's  corruption  she  had  no  ob objection  jection objection  to  the  laity  reading  the  Bible  ;  she  gave  it  then  in  the  Vulgate,  because  the  people  could  read  it,  she  gives  it  now  because.they  not  read  it  (hear).  She  it  gave  it  then  because  it  was  the  Vulgate,  and  she  recommends  it  now  just  because  it  is  not  the  Vulgate.  (Hear,  hear).  But  the  . STYLE=superscript  Bible  society,  in  the  strength  of  God,  has  resolved,  that  every  nation  should  have  it  in  the  Vulgate,  and  that  in  the  honest  sense  of  the  word.  (Cheers)  The  state  of  Tuscany  might  mike  laws  to  the  effect,  that  any  person  circulating  works  hostile  to  the  Roman  Catholic  religion,  should  be  condemned  to  hard  labour,  for  a  period  of  not  less  than  five  years,  and  not  longer  than  10  years,  and  a  Scotch  young  lady—blessings  on  her  head—(loud  applause)—gave.  away  a  'copy  of  Deodadis  bible,  and  that  being  an  act  contrary  to  the  Roman  Catholic  religion,  she  was  sent  to  prison.  (Oh,  oh).  But  England  would  speak  to  Tuscany  about  that.  (Cheers).  Did  the  Grand  Duke  suppose  he  would  by  such  means  keep  the  bible  out  of  his  domimons  ?  As  well  might  he  attempt  to  trans transport  port transport  the  blue  depths  of  the  Mediterancan,  or  prevent  the  sun  flooding  the  plains  of  Italy  with  glory  (applause).  They  were  told  there  were  20,000  Protestants  in  his  dominions,  and  depend  upon  it  they  had  bibles,  or  they  would  not  be  there.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers).  And  nothwithstanding  the  sleepless  espionage  of  the  police,  and  the  dread  of  the  most  horrid  dungeons,  the  bible  entered  , STYLE=superscript  and  even  the  Roman  States  why  at  almost  every  point,  let  them  consider  the  state  Of  things  in  alas  !  one  of  the  most  Romish  countries  in  the  world—poor  Ireland.  When  the  Irish  version  - STYLE=superscript  of  the  scriptures  was  'first  'published,  and  it  was  not  until  the  seventeenth,  century,  late  enough  to  make  protestants  ashamed  of  themselves,  almost  every  copy  was  bought  up  and  burnt,  and  one  csuit  cleverer  than  the  rest,  to  make  short  work  of  it,  seized  the  types,  and  carried  them  offito  France.  But  he  had  learned  during  a  recent  tour  in  Cennamera,  that  a  certain  bishop  finding  that  the  people  were  clamorous  for'  argument  against  the  protestant  scriptures,  which  had  made  an  entrance  there,  had  been  ob obliged  liged obliged  to  promise  that  he  would  give  them  a  version  of  the  scriptures  in  their  native  Irish,  at  a  possible.  Perhaps  he  would  go  to  Franc  a  period,  as  find  the  types  li  them  now  to  the  u  iimlly  intended  He  did  not  :pool  which  frii  +lecorated.  the  hills  of  that  (  hich  they  were  young  poop  le  received  the  bible,  noiby  extracts,  but  in  the  ipsissima  verbs  of  the  book  itself,  should  tremble  fi  stability  of  his  faith.  (Loud  applause.)  asking  a  friend  with  whom  he  tra  that  remind  him  and  help  him  to  imagin  peasants  must  have  been  in  the  days  of.  replied  the  Swiss  mountaineers  in-th  He  remembered  led,  did  not  all  I  the  German  ether.  he  days  of  rib  in  that  couritry  Onring  200  years  ;  had  en  the.  Bible  to  the  people  ?  She  had  not.  tat  one  of  the  very  first  things*hieh  the  bible  society  did,  new  nearly  hall  century  ago,  was  to  print  the  scripfiires  iii  Chinese  at  a  Singapore,  and  seven  years  after  to  .issue  another  version  in.  Chinese,  which  was  executed  within  the  dominions  of  China  itself.  (Applause.)  Other  versions  had  been  made  since,  and  passed  ,  through  the  country  every  year,  and  not,  it  seems,  without  some  striking  results.  (He  whose  path  was  on  the  deep—whose  way  was  on  the  bright  waters—and  whose  footstep  Wits  not  known,  He  liad,  by  means,  various  and  complex  which  their  utmost  diseerunient  could  not  trace,  had  made  so  vast  a  breach  in  the  citadel  Of  that  gigantic  country,  that  all  which  remained  for  them,  was  . STYLE=superscript  to  rush  in  with  the'sword  of  the  spirit,  with  tho'wOrd  of  God.  (Ap (Ap'Anise.)  'Anise.) (Ap'Anise.)  They  required  no  force  to  help  their  enterprise—no  Nemesis,  —no  fury—no  revenge  —no  devastation—but  they  wanted  men  whose  hearts  were  filled  - STYLE=superscript  with  the  love  of  God,  and  whose  feet  should  be  beautiful  upon  the  mountains,  when  they  published  the  glad  tidings  of  salvation=and  said  to  the  nations  of  the  world,  behold  your  King.  (Great  applause.)  If  they  were  to  judge  from  that  single  omen,  the  rapid  diffu diffusion  sion diffusion  of  the  word  of  God  immediately  the  drama  of  their  history  was  coining  to  a  crisis,  Never,  perhaps,  had  there  been  a  similar  period,  saving  that  which  succeeded  the  reformation,  when  the  books  seemed  to  fly,  like  the  electric  spark,  from  country  to  .  country—from  the  - STYLE=superscript  throne  of  the  King  to  the  home  'of  the  humblest  .  peasant.  (Applause.)  In  the  250  years  which  followed  that  event,  there  were  circulated  five  millions  of  copies  of  the  sacred  Scriptures,  in  twenty.-two  languages.  But  let  them  mark  that  within  the  last  sixty  years,  there  ,had  been  put  in  circulation  twenty  millions  of  copies  of  the  Scriptures,  and  not  in  twenty-two,  but  in  one  hundred  and  sixty-four  languages,  of  which  130  were.  never  printed  before,  .  (Applause.)  There  might  be  danger  in  exaggerat exaggerating  ing exaggerating  the  importance  of  the  era  in  which  they  lived;  Mit,  upon  the  contrary,  there  was  danger  in  overlooking  the  most  significant  and  extraordinary  events,  and  ,not  knowing  the  day  of  their  visitations  He  could  not  but  look  uppn  it  is  a  most  significant  fact,  that  at  a  time  when  nearly  all  the  great  countries  of  the  eastern,  and  of  the  western  world,  were  either  already  in  commotion,  or  resotinding  with  the  moans  of  the  approaching  storm,  a  storm  which  would  smite  pro probably  bably probably  the  present  despotisms  into  ten  •  thousand  fragment  God  should  be  revealing  his  purpose  to  give  universal  spread  t(1  his  holy  word.  It  might  be  his  intention  that  those  who  survived  fhose  disasters,  and  that  judgment,  should  construct  society  upon  better  principles,  or  in  some  other  way  to  pre prepare  pare prepare  the  world  for  the  coming  hereafter  Of  Him  who  had  promised  at  last  to  reign  over  them,  and  if  there  were  any  point  more  clear  than  — STYLE=superscript  another,  with  respect  to  the  practical  question  before  them,  it  was  that  they  should  turn  them-  Ives  with  energy  to  the  dissemminatioii  of  the  Bible  ;  and  if  it  Were  the  fact  that  the  Church  of  Christ  in  that  island,  )f  her  long  tranquility,  had  althost  forgotten  self,  how  to  consecrate  her  wealth,  how  to  live  in  the  'spirit  of  the  Crucified,  he  knew  nothing  more  likely  to  recover  that  knowledge  for  her,  than  that  she  should,  with  one  heart  and  soul,  without  ecclesiastical  dis distinctions,  tinctions, distinctions,  give  herself  no  rest  until  all  the  nations  of  the  world  were  in  possession  of  the  word  of  life.  (Loud  and  enthusiastic  applause.)  _•  •  _  •  _  how  to  deny  I  The  Rev.  Dr.  APNirLE;  on  coming  foilvard  to  second  the  resolution,  was  loudly  applauded.  He  observed  that  the  .resolution  had  been  presented  to  the  meeting  in  what  he  con considered  sidered considered  a  very  practical,  business-like  address,  and,  with  the  proposer,  he  too  felt  a  pleasure  in  telling  them  that  the  Bible  would  be  circulated  in  spite  of  Rome  (applause).  •  :The  great  subject  of  the  Bible  was  our  Lord  Jesus  Christ,  and  salva salvation  tion salvation  by  Rim  to  fallen  sinners  of  mankind.  If  salvation  were  beyond  question,  the  all-important  concern,  then  clearly  beyond  question,  the  Bible  was  an.  invaluable  posses possession.  sion. possession.  Now,  iu  order  to  estimate  the  importance  of  this  possession,  he  thought  they  should  not  confine  themselva  to  arguments  drawn  from  without  the  Bible,  but  they  shOunr  go  within,  and  open  the  book  itself,  and  endeavour  to  find  out,  from  the  arguments  contained  therein,  something  of  the  value  of  that  wonderful  possession.  Our  Lord  said,  that  salvation  was  of  the  Jews,  and,  therefore,  the  man  who  turned  away  from  Jewish  history,  as  a  matter  with  which  he  had  no  concern,  must  remain  in  very  great  ignorance  of  the  Word  of  God.  The  Rev.  gentleman  dwelt  on  this  point  at  great  length,  and  elopiently  pointed.  out  how  forcibly  the  epistle  .of  the  Great  Apostle  himself  bore  on  it.  lie  thought  they  would  do  well  to  apply  themselves  to  the  history  of  that  people  to  estimate,  so  far  as  they  could,  the  nature  of  the  advantages  connected  with  the  oracles  of  God,  which  were  committed  to  their  charge,  how  there  were  temporal  ad advantages  vantages advantages  connected  with  this  possession.  The  Jewish  people  had  in  the  oracles  of  God  such  a  law  as  no  other  people  upon  earth  possessed.  The  law  that  the  Jews  had  contrasted  with  the  laws  of  other  nations,  was  Divine  wisdom  contrasted  with  human  wisdom—that  which  was  perfect  from  the  first,  and  could  not  be  improved  to  the  last,  compared  with  that  which  was  imperfect  to  the  end.  Where  were  the  laws  of  Greece— Greecethose  those Greecethose  of  Solon  and  Lycurgus  ?  Where  were  the  Institutes  of  Nurna  ?  Where  the  code  of  Justinian—where  the  provi provision  sion provision  of  their  own  Alfred  ?  Some  of  them  repealed  —some  of  them  neglected,  all  imperfect  ;  but  where  was  the  Jewish  laws  ?  Why  here  (touching  the  (great  applause)  Gentleman  em  g  a  i.  n  eat  then  advantages  illustrated  perfect  in  the  letter,  unchangeable  as  th  e  G  o  d  th  a  t  gave  it  .  rrhe  Rev.  outG  l  n  us  ta  t  g  r  e  a  sand  tedhi4  me  a  ss  r  p  Lu  g  m  s  en  N  t  v  ,  hi  b  eh  y  these  - STYLE=superscript  Jaws  conferred  on  the  J  ew  i  s  h  p  eop  l  e  ;  •  h  ow  w  i  t  h  them  slavery  was  mitigated,  and  all  d  e  bt  ors  re  l  ease  d  f  rom  pointing  their  obligations  in  every  recurring  fifty  years.  With  them  no  one  could  be  plunged  into  permanent  poverty,  nor,  on  the  other  hand,  could  any  family.  be  raised  into  permanent  wealth.-  With  them  the  offender  had  a  place  of•  refuge,  where  he  would  remain  Until  .his  offence  was  inquired  into  by  the  proper  tribunal,  and  the  other  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  connected  with  this  refuge  were  a  very  early  anti-part  of  the  order  of  our  civilization  of  trial  by  jury.  The  Rev.  speaker  then  'Minted  out  how  the  laws  committed  to  the  Yews,  hindered  them  from  cultivating  the  .arts  in  connection  with  their  worship  ;  and  observed  that  the  corrupt  tendency  of  man  in  this  particular  reached  its  climax  in  the  culti cultivated  vated cultivated  heathen.  By  them  were  made  likenesses  of  men  and  women,  and  the  ideal  of  what  was  perfect,  or  ought  to  be  perfect  in  the  human  form  condensed  and  stereotyped  in  their  beautiful  models  of  Juno,  Jupiter,  Diana,  and  Apollo.  It  was  otherwise  with:the  Jews,  with  one  exception,  which  deserved  to  be  noticed  and  explained.  The  cherubims  were  made  by  command  from  heaven,  but  they  were  placed  behind  the  veil,  as  the  emblem  of  what  was  in  heaven,  not  of  what  was  on  earth.  There  were  temporal  advantages  also  connected  with  this  possession  of  the  word  of  God.  He  believed  that  the  laws  they  so  much  prized—the  basis  of  their  civilization—the STYLE=superscript  ground-work  of  their  protestantism,  all  rested  upon  this  ;round  possession,  that  by  the  mercy  of  God  unto  them  had  been  committed  the  oracles  of  God.  (Applause.)  Tlie  Rev,  gentleman  referred  to  the  spiritual  advantages  attending  on  •  this  poSsession  ;  and  shewed  how  St.  Paul  reconciled  the  objections  arising  out  of  this  subject.  For  it  did  not  follow  that  all  who  heard.  the  word  of  God  whould  profit  by  it,  though  some  would  ;  and  so  it  was  with  nations-  some  would  hear  the  word  and  obey  it,  while  others  would  relapse  and  fall  into  disobedience;  for  all  were  ndt  Israelites  that  were  of  It  was  then  well  that  they  all  heartily  and  cordially  '  combined  to  circulate  the  word  of  God  on  every  side.  They  had  well  done  so,  and,  by  the  blessing  of  God,  that  had  so  far'  succeeded,  that  many  hindrances  had  been  overcome,  and  much  of  the  apathy  and  prejudices  of  men  conquered.  They  had  not  only  these  hindrances  to  contend  . STYLE=superscript  with,  but  they  had  another  and  more  subtle  antagonist.  Who  did  he  mean  now  (laughter)  ?  he  would  not  name'  him—he  rather  de despised  spised despised  him  (applause.)  Who  was  it  that,  in  the  eighth  century,  quenched  the  light  that  the  venerable  Bede  had  rejoiced  to  have  kindled  in  this  country,  by  rendering  the  Gospel  of  St  John  into  his  native  language  ?  That  was  suppressed  and  absolutely  extinguished,  -  and  by  whom  ?  Who  was'  it,  that,  in  the  14th  century,  sealed  up  the  foun fountain  tain fountain  of  life  that  Aickliffe  bad  opened  to  his  fellow-country fellow-countrymen  men fellow-countrymen  ?  Who  was  it  that  persecuted  with  untiring  enmity  the  devoted  king  ?  In  a  word,  who  vv4s  it  that,  in  every  way,  and  in  every  nation,  objected  to  the  people  reading  the  Bible,  and  hindered  them  from  possessing  it  ?  (applause.)  It'  was-no  late  story,  there  she  was  at  her  work  still.  (Hear,  hear.)'  Witness  the  charge  of  the  Bishop  of  Bruges.  Wit Witness  ness Witness  the  charge  of  his  brother  Archbishop,  in  which  he  warned  all  the  faithful  not  only  against  makin  g  a  purchase  of,  but  even  accepting  as  a  present,  - STYLE=superscript  any'  of  their  (the  Society's)  polluted  works.  Witness  the  conference  of  the  Bishops  of  Lombardy,  in  1850,  in  which  they  circulated  decrees;  against  the  Society  and  its  works.  Witness  the  encyclical  letter  of  the  Pope,  in  :1845,  renewed  in  1847,  confirmed  in  1850,  calling  the  Bible  Society  the  .work  of  the  Devil,  and  denouncing  its  books  as  unfit  pasture  for  the  sheep  of  his  flock.  (Applause.)—  Witness  the  concordat  entered  into  only  the  year  before  last  with  the  courts  of  Spain  and  Tuscany.  Witness  still  •more  recently  the  conduct  of  the  Grand  Duke  of  Tuscany  himself,  and  the  noble  exploit  of  a  band  of  armed  Zendaives  seizing  a  weak  and  defeancless  lady.  Witness  how  through  all  these  scenes  of  persecution.  the  Bible  had  taken  •  wings,•  •  millions  of  copies  had  found  their  way  abroad,  and  now  even  in  the  very  heart  of  the  apostatised  kingdom  itself,  its  people  were  to  be  found  reading  es  Bible,•  •  and  when  they  heard  the  tread  of  the  Gens  d'  Armes,  hiding  them  as  his  own  poor  countrymen  hid  them  in  the  turf  stack  or  the  haycock,  when  they  heard  the  priest  coming,  and  when  they  wanted  a  wisp  pulled  it  from  the  other  side.  •  (laughter  mid  cheers.)  The  medicine  required  for  the  spiritual  sickness,  was  diffused,  and  spiritual  health  was  enjoyed,  to  the  glory  and  praise  of  God.  Yes,  and  even  in  a  dungeon  moral  and  physical  health  might  be  enjoyed.  (cheers.)  It  was  enjoyed  by  that  dear  young  lady,  who  had  become  the  object  of  the  sympathy  of  all,  because  of  her  sufferings—she  enjoyed  it  that  night  upon  the  cold  floor  of  her  cell,  in  the  place  where  Rosa  Madmi  was  confined,  and  they  had  all  read  the,  graphic  descriptions  .of  the  narrowness,  the  inconveniencies,  the  dampness,  and  the  darkness  of  that  ell.  Which  would  any  one  there  prefer—her  warm  heart,  even  in  that  cold  cell,  when  she  lifted  up  her  prayer  to  the  is  and  feelings  d  fine  lln(  Lord  Jesus  ;  or  the  thoug.  Duke  of  Tuscany,  in  his  put,  Or  would  any  of  them  prefer  tee  thougl  confessor  of  the  Grand  Duke  Duke  was  his  own  master.  must  be  who  opened  his  heart  as  bet()  (Loud  cheers.)  He  was  -  He  di  He  ova  a  part  Of  his  religion:  lit  feelings;  his  failings,  his  infirmities,  his  des  . STYLE=superscript  —he  .  mast  reveal  all  to  his  confessor.  The  people  of  this  country  IttTc  b  than  they  knew  before,  what  the  (Cheers.)  Since  the  Papal  aggres  their  spiritual  liberties,  their  civil  liberti  to  discover  it.  That  was  an  appropriate  a  fool  since  it  ha'd  rdet  with  in  Ireland,  Within  the  last  few  weet  of  hear;  hear.)  Many  persons  would  now  az,ree  in  that  society,  of  whoni  they  thought  in  their  cha  cheerin  aching  t  miething  very  I  year's  ago,-  tht  they  were  a  very  Ultra  set  uncliaritible,  unkind,-  if  not  There  was  like  a  taste  and  laughter.)  .  The  gnostic&amp;  was  asked  once  - STYLE=superscript  by  a  Right  I  Reverend  Prelate  of  the  Church  of  England,  a  di  ornament  of  the  English  bench,  of  anotll  tinguished  ornameht  of  th  dinner  party  in.  London-  Dishe  to  the  Irish,  land  The  ahSwez  thine  there  Have  you  said  the  En,  what  arc  Called  Tractarians  in  Irc7  No,  my  lord,  we  have  the  real  I  big  Mends,  who.weut  id  pi  Rgate  the  Gosl  ilia  meant  . STYLE=superscript  to  do  so  witl  'sV  df  arty  1c  had  got  a  taste  of  the  real  thing.  (1  sons  used  to  say_  to  If  you  only  Christian  spirit,  the  people  will  hear  y  people  Wotild—you  make  the  contention  yours  he  replied,  'I  don't  think  it,  but  there  is  no  use  ii  arguing.  I  cannot  convince  their  honourable  zeal,  and  he  would  soy  his  might  say—Good  luck  to  them themplause)  plause) themplause)  —in  their  warm,  fervent  ansiet  Gospel  in  Ireland,  for  which  he  -  he  only  wished  they  would  s  their  ardour  for  that  of  scheme  for  goiug  and  preichin  to  the  Roman  Catholics  of  Ireland  s  any  Chrl  a  their  it—(cneers)  ;ed  a  very  p:  o  controversy,  no  angry  word,  no  contention—they  would  any  of  the  errors  of  •  Rome.  They  would  just  f,  , STYLE=superscript  TI  an(  the  Gospel,  Well,  they  went  to  arrangement  made  in  Dublin,  and  went  round  the  (  try  with  the  Word  of  God  in  their  hands,  to  nronamat,  They  s  truths  contained  in  the  ev  nothing  like  experience.  He  did  not  Iting  G  the  pro  - STYLE=superscript  verb  retarding  thosi  per  would  teach  con  those  who  Instead  of  being.  listened  to—quietly,  places  they  narrowly  a  specimen  of  the  terms  generally  given  to  tl  their  backs  - STYLE=superscript  were  turned;  herd  was  W  here  was  what'  those.  dissenting  fries  effors,  for  which  he  sincerely  timhk&amp;  hoped  they  would  repeat  under  more  were  called.  The  villains  with  whc  abolical  attack  upon  the  faith  of  this  i  and  long-oppressed  Diabol  faith,  by  gentlemen  who  did  n  faith,  but  who  contented  thems  the  Gospel  of  Christ.  (Cheers.:  gentlemen  had  a  pure,  honest  purpos  ing  truths  of  the  Gospel,  and  not  to  give  tl  to  men.  Hear,  and  cheers.)  was  the  animus  of  their  whole  conduct,  but  the  manner  in  which  they  were.  received  showed  that  the  system  the  people.  (Cries  of  Hear,  If  the  people  were  left  to  themselves  they  would  have  received  them  very  differ differently.  ently. differently.  Hear  The  poor  people  of  Ireland  were  like  the  Grand  Duke  of  Tnscany—not  their  own  mas  They  must  open  their  hearts  to  tl  priest.  (Loud  cheers.)  It  was  t  with  as  antagonists,  and  not  the  pee  1.  There  !scaped  with  their  1  )m  orizi:  imposer  He  did  believe  a:  ightest  offence  believed  tha"
