text
"MANCHESTER.  CHARGE  OF  FORGERY.-At  the  City  Police  Court,  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  yesterday,  an  elderly  person  named  William  Jack Jackson  son Jackson  was  placed  in  the  dock  upon  a  charge  of  forging  a  bill  for  £26.  The  prosecutor,  Mr.  Thomas  Wilson,  stated  that  he  was  a  woollen  manufacturer  at  New  High-street,  Man Manchester.  chester. Manchester.  The  prisoner  had  been  his  traveller  and  representa representative.  tive. representative.  The  prisoner  recently  went  to  Sandbach,  in  Cheshire,  and  received  two  accounts.  He  got  a  banker's  bill  for  £26,  payable  at  seven  days,  on  the  Union  Bank  of  Sheffield,  from  Mrs.  Leah  of  Sandbach.  Fortunately  (said  the  prosecutor)  Mrs.  Leah  happened  not  to  put  her  name  to  the  back  of  the  bill,  and  the  prisoner  after  leaving  town  signed  the  name  of  the  prosecutor  at  the  back  of  the  bill.  The  prisoner  then  went  to  the  Bank  to  get  the  bill  cashed,  but  the  Bank  refused  to  give  the  money  unless  the  name  of  the  lady  was  endorsed  upon  it.  The  prisoner  was  missing  from  the  warehouse  of  the  prosecutor  some  days  after  he  ought  to  have  been  there,  and  prosecutor  was  from  home  at  the  time  suspicious  against  the  prisoner  were  excited.  When  he  got  home,  he  wrote  to  the  customers  from  whom  it  was  likely  the  prisoner  might  have  received  money,  and  amongst  others  he  addressed  a  letter  to  Mrs.  Leah,  who  keeps  a  shop  at  Sandbach.  The  prisoner  finding  he  could  not  get  the  bill  cashed  at  the  Bank  without  the  signature  of  Mrs.  Leah,  brought  back  to  Sandbach  the  bill  with  a  request  that  she  would  endorse  it.  Having  in  the  meantime  received  an  advice  from  Mr.  Wilson;  she  refused  to  part  with  the  note  to  the  prisoner,  but  endorsed  it  and  sent  it  to  Mr.  Wilson,  who  cashed  the  bill.  The  bench  held  that  as  the  prosecutor,  knowing  that  his  name  was  forged  to  the  bill  as  an  endorsement,  adopted  the  bill  as  his  own  by  asking  for  the  endorsement  of  Mrs.  Leah  and  then  getting  the  bill  cashed,  under  these  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  the  magistrates  could  make  no  order  on  the  matter,  inasmuch,  at  all  events,  as  no  offence  had  been  committed  in  Manchester.  Of  course  it  would  be  for  the  prosecutor  to  consider  whether  he  should  prefer  any  complaint  before  the  Sandbach  magistrates.—The  prosecutor  then  stated  that  the  prisoner  had  gone  to  several  of  his  customers,  and  that  he  had  got  money  and  goods  from  them  on  his  account,  after  he  had  been  dismissed  from  his  service.  This  had  taken  place  at  Leicester,  Burton,  Stone,  and  other  places.  The  Bench  expressed  an  opinion  that  they  had  no  jurisdiction  in  the  cases  referred  to,  and  that  if  they  were  to  be  further  prosecuted,  steps  must  be  taken  in  the  places  where  it  was  alleged  the  obtaining  of  goods  by  false  pretences  took  place.  —Mr.  Maude,  the  presiding  magistrate,  said,  this  was  a  case  in  which  it  would  have  been  much  better  if  there  had  been  an  examination  previous  to  the  prisoner  being  brought  there,  and  then  it  might  have  been  considered  whether  the  prisoner  should  have  been  brought  up  in  Manchester,  or  elsewhere.  From  the  evidence  which  had  been  adduced,  he  could  not  conceive  that  the  prisoner  had  committed  any  offence  in  the  city  of  Manchester,  and  he  (Mr.  Maude)  did  not  think  that  he  had  any  jurisdiction  that  would  justify  him  in  interfering  in  the  case.  As  to  the  forgery,  if  it  should  be  held  to  be  a  forgery,  that  was  not  an  offence  com committed  mitted committed  in  Manchester.  And  if  any  additional  credit  were  to  be  got  by  the  si  g  nature  ,  the  prosecutor  got  it  himself  by  hav having:the  ing:the having:the  bill  cashed  when  he  knew  that  his  signature  was  forged  to  it.  The  case  against  - STYLE=superscript  the  prisoner,  so  far  as  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  was  concerned,  was  discharged,  although  he  still  remained  in.  custody;  to  afford  the  prosecutor  time  to  con consider  sider consider  whether  he  should  take  Jackson  before  the  magistrates  at  Sandbach,  Leicester,  Burton,  Stone,  &amp;c.  REMOVABLE  POOR.—It  appears  from  a  Parliamen Parliamentary  tary Parliamentary  return,  printed  on  Monday,  that  the  number  of  paubers,  who  had  becomo  - STYLE=superscript  chargeable  under  the  Poor  Removal  Act  of  1846  and  subsequent  acts,  was—England  and  Wales,  in  1850,  678,359  ;  in  1851,  638,618;  and  in  1852,  643,861.  The  amount  expended  in  the  out-relief  and  in  maintenance  of  such  remevable  poor  was-1850,  5604,792  255.5  d,  ;  1851.  £601,678-  18s.  ;  and  in  1852,  £623,96G  13s.  7d.  GENUINE  RUSSIAN  BEARS  GREECE.—As  we  know  that  the  Russians  require  oleaginous  food,  is  it  not  possible  that,  after  devouring  Turkey,  the  Czar  may  take  a  fancy  to  Greece  Should  he  po  so,  is  it  not  probable  that  Genuine  Russian  Bear's  will  no  longer  be  a  fiction?  —Punch."
