text
"POLICE  COUR  7  Y  . STYLE=superscript  ESTERDAY!  STEALING  A  COAL—Ellen  Woods,  an  elderly  female,  was  charged  by  police  constable  81  with  stealing  a  coat,  from  the  boarding-house  kept  by  a  German  named  Shiebuilt,  in  Paradise-street.  The  coat,  quite  a  new  garment,  had  just  been  taken  to  the  establishment  by  the  tailor,  and  deposited  in  the  back  parlour,  when  the  prisoner  entered  and  was  about  to  walk  off  with  it,  when  she  was  detected  with  it  concealed  under  her  shawl.  This  day  she  denied  all  knowledge  of  the  robbery,  but  when  apprehended  by  the  police,  she  said  she  did  take  it,  but  did  not  know  what  she  was  Hav Having  ing Having  on  a  previous  occasion  been  before  the  bench,  she  was  committed  for  two  months.  STEALING  A  KNIFE  AND  FORK.—Mary  Burns  was  com committed  mitted committed  for  one  month  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  knife  and  fork.  She  had  been  repeatedly  similarly  convictel.  STEALING  LINEN.—Mary  Jones  was  committed  for  trial  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  quantity  of  sheets,  shirts,  &amp;c.,  from  the  house  of  Mr.  Millhurst,  Vauxhall-road.  The  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  was  detected  in  a  yard  near  the  premises  with  the  goods  in  her  possession.  The  goods  had  been,  only  a  short  time  before  the  apprehension  of  the  prisoner,  safe  in  the  kitchen,  which  had  been  temporarily  left  by  the  housekeeper.  The  prisoner  was  an  old  offender.  STEALING  SACKS.—Patrick  Quigley,  the  keeper  of  a  cellar  in  Addison-street,  was  committed  for  one  month  on  a  charge  of  stealing  ten  sacks,  the  property  of  John  Welsh,  Hudson Hudsonstreet.  street. Hudsonstreet.  The  sacks  were  stolen  by  a  boy  named  Shaw,  and  taken  to  the  prisoner's  cellar,  who,  there  is  every  reason  to  believe,  keeps  the  cellar  as  a  depot  for  stolen  property.  STEALING  CO-U.S.—Thomas  Cooper  was  charged  by  police  officer,  550,  with  stealing  coals.  The  owner  (if  the  coals,  who  lives  at  Severn-street,  Everton,  stated  he  suspected  that  some  of  his  coals  had  been  stolen,  and  therefore  watched  in  the  cellar;  he  had  been  there  only  a  short  time  when  he  cauet  the  prisoner  with  the  coals  in  his  possession.  Com Committed  mitted Committed  for  seven  days.  HOUSEBREAKING.—Thomas  Jones  and  Peter  1111Guiness,  two  juveniles,  were  charged  with  being  in  a  bakehouse,  in  Vauihall-road,  occupied  by  Mr.  Whitmore,  for  the  purpose  of  committing  a  felony.  The  police  officer  stated  that  he  as  on  duty  last  night  at  eleven  o'clock,  when  the  premises  were  safe  ;  he  afterwards  tried  the  premises,  when  he  dis discovered  covered discovered  the  door  had  been  forced  open.  He  (signalled  for  other  police  to  come),  when  the  two  lads  came  out  of  the  cellar.  He  found  a  candle  and  a  lucifer  match matchbox  box matchbox  on  the  premises.  Jones  was  committed  for  three  months,  and  the  other  prisoner  for  seven  days.  TUE  GREAT  COTTON  RO'iBERY.—The  evidence  of  all  the  witnesses  having  been  finally  completed,  and  read  over  in  their  presence,  John  Woods  and  Nancy  Handle  were  fully  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  The  usual  caution  having  been  given  to  each  of  the  prisoners;  they  replied,  They  had  nothing  to  ROBBERY  OF  ENGLISH  SAILORS  ON  BOARD  AN  AMERICAN  VESSEL.—John  Roe  and  Toseph  Wear,  the  second  and  third  mates  belonging  to  the  American  vessel  The  Franklin,  which  arrived  in  this  port  a  few  days  since,  were  charged  with  steal stealing  ing stealing  a  quantity  of  clothes  belonging  to  some  of  the  crew  of  that  ship.  It  appeared  that  the  accused  were  Americans,  and  the  complainants  were  Englishmen  '  •  and  that  as  soon  as  they  embarked  on  board  the  vessel  at  New  York,  they  had  their  clothes  stolen  from  them  ;  but  being  afraid  to  speak,  they  never  made  any  complaint  until  they  arrived  in  this  port,  when  they  gave  information  to  the  police,  and  the  pro property,  perty, property,  at  least  a  portion  of  it,  was  found  in  the  possession  of  the  accused.  The  presiding  magistrate  regretted  that  the  sailors  had  not  sailed  under  their  own  flag.  One  of  them  stated  it  was  because  he  had  not  a  registered  ticket,  and  that  he  had  been  robbed  of  upwards  of  £lO  worth  of  clothes  by  the  American  crew,  and  that  the  first  mate  of  the  vessel  was  afraid  to  give  information,  because  the  defendants  had  threatened  his  life.  The  magistrate  expressed  a  hope  that  the  law  would  soon  be  altered  with  regard  to  the  register  tickets,  and  committed  the  offenders—the  one  for  two  months,  and  the  other  for  seven  days.  PICKING  POCKETS.—,Tohn.Ronham  was  committed  for  three  months,  for  picking  the  pocket  of  a  female  in  Denman-street  yesterday.  FALSE  PRETENCES.—John  Scoles,  formerly  remanded,  and  .Henry  Simmons,  were  further  remanded  on  a  charge  of  con conspiring  spiring conspiring  together  to  defraud  Mr.  Hodges  of  some  rope.  The  facts  of  the  case  have  already  appeared  in  this  journal.  Jane  Caluff  who  was  injured  in  the  accident  to  the  Dublin  and  Holyhead  steamer  on  the  31st  of  October,  died  at  Holyhead  hotel  on  Saturday.  INDIA  HOUSE.—On  Wednesday  a  court  of  directors  was  held  at  the  East  India  House,  when  James  Grant  Lumsden,  Esq.,  was  appointed  provisionally  a  member  of  council  at  Bombay.  UNIVERSITY  INTELLIGENCE.—OXFORD,  Nov.  30.—The  two  vacant  scholarships  at  Balliol  College  were  this  day  awarded  to  Mr.  King,  commoner  of  Balliol,  and  Mr.  Bowen,  from  Rugby  School.  There  were  21  candidates.  Mr.  D.  M.  Owen,  8.A.,  Probationary  Fellow  of  Balliol,  has  been  admitted  to  an  actual  fellowship.  THE  MILITARY  AT  BLACKBURN.—It  appears  that  the  secretary  of  state  for  the  Home  department  has  promptly  complied  with  the  request  of  the  authorities  of  Blackburn  to  have  a  military  force  stationed  there  during  the  turn turnpourtess,thanndmoanrchMedoniudtaey  pourtess,thanndmoanrchMedoniudtaey turnpourtess,thanndmoanrchMedoniudtaey  t  a  he  co  h  m  ur  p  u  a  u  n  g  y  h  o  ,  f  an  th  d  e  h  34  a  t  v  h  e  regiment  taken  up  t  f  h  ro  e  m  ix  quarters  there.  REWARD  OF  HUMANITY.-The  Board  of  Trade  has  re received  ceived received  a  communication  from  the  foreign  secretary,  statin  g  that  Captain  Correo,  of  the  Brazilian  merchant  ship  Sophia,  has  been  awarded  a  gold  medal  and  a  gratuity  of  twenty-five  guineas  for  his  services  in  rescuing  six  of  the  crew  of  the  British  barque  Chusan,  whom  he  picked  up  at  sea;  and  for  his  subsequent  kind  and  humane  treatment  of  them  for  several  days  for  which  he  refused  to  accept  any  remunera remuneration.—Shipping  tion.—Shipping remuneration.—Shipping  Gazette.  THE  AMERICAN  MAILS.—SOUTHAMPTON,  Wednesday,  Nov.  30.—1  n  consequence  of  the  temporary  withdrawal  from  the  New  York,  Southampton  and  Havre  mail  line  of  the  steam-ship  for  the  purpose  of  repairs,  we  un understand  derstand understand  there  will  be  no  mail  this  week  from  the  United  States  via  Southampton.  The  steamer  which  left  Southampton  on  the  9th  of  November,  will,  on  her  arrival  at  New  York,  be  taken  off  the  line  to  undergo  repairs,  and,  as  the  and  will  also  probably  omit,  one  or  two  trips,  there  is  a  likelihood  of  the  operations  of  the  American  mail  steamers  to  and  from  Southampton  being  temporarily  suspended.  The  is  expected  from  Bremen  on  Sunday  next,  and  will  leave  for  New  Zork  with  the  usual  semi-weekly  mails  on  Wednes Wednesday,  day, Wednesday,  the  7th  of  December.  Cnoss-Examirrxriorr.  --Lawyer—Will  you,  on  your  so solemn  lemn solemn  oath,  swear  that  this  is  not  your  handwrititing  ?  Delinquent—l  reckon  not.  Lawyer—Does  it  resemble  your  handwriting  ?  Delinquent—Yes,  I  think  it  don't.  Lawyer—Will  you  swear  it,  don't  resemble  your  writing  ?  Delinquent—Well,  I  do,  old  head.  Lawyer—Then  you  take  your  solemn  oath  that  this  writing  does  not  resemble  yours  in  a  single  letter  ?  Delinquent—l  guess  I  do.  Lawyer—Now,  sir,  how  do  you  know  ?  Delinquent—'  Cause  I  can't  write.—Bunn's  Old  England  and  New  England.  THE  SCHOOLMASTER.  ARROAD.—The  following  curious  incident  is  reported  from  Lower  Bavaria.  A  peasant  died,  and  was  laid  out  for  burial.  His  niece,  who  lived  in  the  house,  watched  an  opportunity  when  she  believed  no  one  saw  her,  and  then  stealthily  pinned  a  letter  to  the  grave graveclothes.  clothes. graveclothes.  That  letter  was  addressed  to  her  mother,  who  died  14  years  ago,  and  it  was  the  poor  woman's  belief  that  her  uncle  would  find  means  to  deliver  it  in  the  land  of  the  dead.  It  is  to  the  following  purpose  Dear  Mother,—As  there  is  now  such  a  favourable  opportunity,  I  send  you  this  letter,  with  the  request  that  you  will  cause  me  to  dream  three  numbers  in  the  lottery,  for  I  suppose  that  you  are  aware  that  I  am  very  badly  off.  May  be  that  this  paper  gets  rotten,  but  as  nothing  is  impossible  with  God,  please  to  en entreat  treat entreat  our  Lord  God  (TI  rrgott),  and  give  me  news  of  three  numbers  which  arc  sure  to  win,  and  so,  I  remain,  your  faithful  The  direction  was,  To  my  dead  Mother  in  Zeitung.  0  NEWS  FROM  THE  THEATRE  or  WAR.—Our  latest  news  from  the  theatre  of  war  is  from  Astley's  Theatre,  where  the  war  is  carries  on  with  unnaggiui  , STYLE=superscript  °  eueLgy.  .  Last  night  the  Russians  had  entrenched  themselves  in  a  strong  position  in  front  of  the  enemy,  and  the  Russian  General,  Widdicomb,  turned  the  right  wing—a  wrong  one  having  been  shifted  by  the  negligence  of  a  scene-shifter.  The  enemy  were  in  position  at  nine  o'clock,  and  a  French  officer  made  towards  a  standard  which  he  eventually  carried.  On  Saturday  afternoon  a  body  of  Russian  soldiers  received  their  pay  from  the  treasury,  which  is  understood  to  be  amply  supplied.  In  the  evening  the  battle  was  resumed  with  great  vigour  ;  but  both  parties  eventually  laid  down  their  arms.  The  Russians  were  much  harassed,  and  set  fire  to  Moscow  in  several  places  with  bits  of  tow  steeped  in  spirits  of  wine.  The  city  burnt  with  great  fury  for  nearly  an  entire  minute,  when  it  was  terminated  by  a  decisive  blow  from  the  mouth  of  the  master  carpenter.  —Punch.  ,CONSUMPTION  OF  SMOKE.—At  a  meeting  of  the  Society  of  Arts,  held  in  London,  on  Wednesday  evening,  a  paper  was  read  by  Mr.  Frazer,  on  Furnaces  made  to  Consume  their  own  He  detailed  the  effect  and  operation  of  a  furnace  called  Juckes  used  by  Hanbury  and  Co.,  the  brewers,  and  which  he  said  was  found  effective.  It  has  been  used  since  1847.  It  was  found  that  a  fire  of  fifty  or  sixty  feet  area  could  be  worked  for  any  number  of  hours  without  the  slightest  appearance  of  smoke  from  the  chimney chimneyshaft  shaft chimneyshaft  ;  but  the  process  of  before  referred  to,  required  the  whole  principle  of  the  machine  to  be  put  in  abeyance,  during  which  time  smoke  escapes  from  the  shaft,  and  sometimes  in  large  quantities,  and  no  plan  has  been  discovered  for  its  prevention.  Considerable  difficulties  were  encountered  in  the  application  of  the  principle  to  the  furnace  last  mentioned,  but  they  had  been  removed  by  experience.  The  total  cost  of  fourteen  furnaces,  including  brickwork,  had  been  about  3000/.  The  consumption  of  coals  in  the  establishment  was  about  6,000  tons  per  annum.  The  saving  in  the  coal  account,  since  the  introduction  of  the  patent  to  July  Ist  of  the  present  year,  had  been  8,338/.  From  which  was  to  be  deducted  for  casualties,  which  have  been  referred  to,  and  sundries,  say  350/.  The  above  economy  had  not  arisen  from  less  weight  of  fuel  consumed,  but  owing  to  the  screenings  or  dust  of  coal  only  being  required  for  the  furnaces.  Should  the  difference  of  price  between  large  and  small  coals  be  reduced,  the  economy  would  be  less  in  future  years.—Mr.  J.  L.  Stevens,  a  patentee  of  furnaces,  remarking  on  that  spoken  of  by  Mr.  Frazer,  said—Mr.  Frazer  had  not  shown  that  the  apparatus  in  question  was  equally  applicable  to  all  purposes,  such  as  getting  up  steam  to  a  higher  power  than  ordinary,  or  to  meet  any  exigency  that  might  present  itself,"
