text
"Co  be  Eet.  O  BE  LET,  .a  HOUSE  and  SI-IOP,  in.  GILL  T  STREET,  near  the  Market,  suitable  for  a  Flour  Dealer  and  Biead  Baker,  having.an  excellent  Oven  attached  to  it;  'enrifnina  l  Kif.Plur.o  Rork.  ParlyAixr,  nria  .four  Rooma  up  stairs  ;  rent  very  moderate.  .  .  Apply  to.Nr4.:TOMKINSPN,  76,  Broli;alow-street,  Val&amp;  Notiress  T  IVERPOOL  DOCKS.—TO  MERCHANTS  4  OWNERS,  MASTERS  OF  VESSELS,  and  OTHERS.  '  Committee  of  the  Liverpool  Dock  3  do  HEREBY  GINI  . STYLE=superscript  ;  NOTICE,  that  the  OFFICERS  and  SERVANTS  in  their  employ  are  strictly  PROHIBITED  from  SOLICIT SOLICITING  ING SOLICITING  or  RECEIVING  MONEY,  REWARD,  GIFT,  or  PRESENT  of  any  kind,  for  the  purpose  of  doing  or  omitting  to  do,  any  act,  matter,  or  thing  whatsoever,  touching  or  relating  to  their  respective  offices  or  duties,  under  a  penalty  of  twenty  pounds.  The  Committee  do  also  HEREBY  GIVE  NOTICE  that  any  OWNER  or  MASTER  of  any  ship  or  vessel,  or  any  other  person  or  persons,  who  shall  GIVE,  or  OFFER,  any  sum  of  MONEY,  or  other  thing  whatsoever,  by  way  of  REWARD  or  BRIBE,  to  any  officer  or  servant  in  their  employ,  is  also  liable  to  a  penalty  of  twenty  pounds.  The  Committee  do  hereby  request  Merchants,  Owners,  Consignees,  Masters  of  Vessels,  and  all  other  persons  what whatsoever,  soever, whatsoever,  NOT  TO  GIVE,  nor  PERMIT  TO  ,BE  GIVEN,  at  any  time,  any  MONEY,  CHRISTMAS  BOX,  or  PRESENT  of  any  kind,  to  any  Dock  Gateman,  Pier  Master,  Dock  Master,  Officer,  or  Servant  of  Albert  Dock  Warehouses,  or  any  other  Officer  or  Person  in  their  employ;  and  they  also  caution  all  their  Officers  and  Servants  from  soliciting  or  receiving  the  same,  as,  in  any  case  coming  to  their  knowledge,  the  penalty  will  be  strictly  enforced.  The  CoTnniitiee  do  alsO  hereby  further  request,  that  parties  to  whotn  application  may  be  made  by  any  Officer  or  Servant,  Dock  'Gateman,  Pier  Master,  or  others,  .for  any  Gift,  Christmas  Box,  or  other  Present,  will  immediately  give  information  thereof  to  the  undersigned,  in  order  that  due  inquiry  may  be  made,  and  the  strictest  discipline  enforced.—:-  .. STYLE=superscript  8y  order,  DANIEL  MASON,  Secretary  ,Doek  Office,  Revenue-buildings  Dec  ;1853.  ...m.••••row••=na•maram•••••,,•••••0  PWILH  Alt  MONI'Cr  ROCIETY.—  The  Eighth  and  Last  SUBSCRIPTION  CONCERT  of  the  Season  will  take  place  (to  7  morrow)  Tuesday  the  27th  inst.  To  commence  quarter  before  eight.—See  Advt.  T  I  IVERPOOL  WEEKLY  NEWS,--Price  3d  !  72  Columns  !!  Office;  18,  Parker-street.  -All  Ailyei Ailyeitisements  tisements Ailyeitisements  inserted  in  it  appear  also  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  'AIANCHESTER  WEEKLY  NEWS  and  WARRINGTON  GUARDIAN,  without  eitra  charge.  THE  TIiNiES  and  all  the  other  D  AILY  an  d  WEEKLY  LONDON  NEWSPAPERS  supplied  by  CEARLES  WILLMER,  from  his  UNIVERSAL  NEWSPAPER  OFFICES,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  -STREET,  LIVERPOOL,  COMMERCIAL  BUILDINGS,  BELFAST,  or  19,  ANN  -STREET,  NEW  YORK.  CIGARS,  PRIMEST  FLAVOUR,  SNUFFS  OF  GENUINE  AROMA,  AT  HENRY  ADAMS'S,  59,  DALE-STREET  BY  ROYAL  LETTERS  PATENT  THE  PATENTEE  Begs  to  give  Notice  to  Manufacturers  in  general,  that  he  has  now'  completed  his  arrangements  for  Licensing  his  PATENT  BEAM,  for  the  Weaving  by  Power,  of  Linen  and  other  yarns  of  a  similar  texture.  This  Beam  is  calculated  to  remove  the  hitherto  insur insurmountable  mountable insurmountable  difficulty  of  taking  away  the  Cloth  from  the  Reed  with  the  regularity  required,  and  to  enable  these  yarns  to  be  Woven  with  the  Positive  Taking-up  Motion,  which  effectually  coils  up  th  e  c  l  o  th  as  eac  h  shot  of  weft  is  thrown  in  •  is  positive  and  perfectly  uniform';  ca  n  b  e  readily  varied  suit  any  number  of  shots  or  picks;  and  these  are  obtained  with  the  greatest  possible  regularity  in  count,  without  being  .  subject  to  the  slightest  variation,  through  the  negligence  or  inattention  of  the  weaver.  Ter  - STYLE=superscript  ins  set  to  work  Ten  shilling  per  Loom  Nctt  cash,  whon  Parties  contracting  for  the  Patent-right  of  Looms,  and  paying  in  advance,  previous  to  their  being  set  to  work,  will  be  allowed  a  discount  of  22  per  cent.  for  50  looms,  increasing  2  per  cent.  for  each  extra  50,  up  to  1,000.  Manufacturers  will  be  held  responsible  for  the  payment  of  the  Patent-right,  and  are  cautioned  not  to  use  the  improve improvement,  ment, improvement,  without  an  immediate  settlement  with  the  Patentee;  and  all  persons  are  cautioned  against  in  any  way  infringing  on  this  patent,  which  is  taken`  for  the  protection  of  a  cut  or  carved  beam  (for  adapting  the  Positive  Taking-up  Motion  to  the  weaving,  by  power,  of  linen,  and  other  yarns  of  a  similar  texture,)  made,  either  solid  or  hollow,  of  any  metal,  metallic  or  other  substance,  and  the  principle  of  ne  inven invention,  tion, invention,  and  method  of  applying  otherwise  the  Patentee  will  be  compelled  to  resort  to  measurei'Whieh  will  enable  him  to  maintain  his  rights,  and  whibh  - STYLE=superscript  te  would  regret  being  obliged  lo  adopt.  Hn  will  consider  further  caution  unnecessary.  ----  For  further.  information  and-  Licenses,  apply  to  the  •:Pa •:Patentee,  tentee, •:Patentee,  EDWIAD-T-1101VIAS,  , STYLE=superscript  at  •Bcdford-street  Ftictot  ,  A...  il  A  Railway  is  now  in  course  of  construction  from  Carlisle  to  Port  Carlisle,  which  will  be  completed  early  next  year;  and  which  at  Drumburgh,  eight  miles  .and  a-half  distant  from.Carlisle,  will  be  within  thirteen  miles  distance  from  Silloth  Bay.  It  is  proposed,  with  the  concurrence  and  under  the  sanction  of  the  Port  Carlisleßailway  Company,  to  .take  advantage  of  this,  and  to  construct  a  Floating  Dock  and  Harbour  at  Billoth  Bay,  and  connect  the  same  with  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway,  by  a  line,  of  Railway  twelve-and twelve-andthree-quarter-miles  three-quarter-miles twelve-andthree-quarter-miles  in  length,  joining  the  Port  Carlisle  Railway  at  Drumburgh,  thus  making  the.  whole  distance  from  Silloth  Bay  to  Carlisle  twenty-one  miles.  A  large  and  increasing  trade  is  carried  on  by  Newcastle  and  the  dthcr  rut  La  uu  the  East  Coast  of  England,  with  the  West  coast  of  England  and  Ireland,  which  the  existing  Ports  on  the  West  coasts  are  quite  inadequate  to  accommodate.  A  great  part  of  the  traffic  is  now  conducted  in  sailing  vessels  round  the  South  of  England  or  North  of  Scotland,  the  former  being  a  distance  of  about  1,000  miles,  whilst  if  goods  carried  across  from  Newcastle  to  Silloth  Bay  by  railway  were  shipped  there,  the  distance  to  Ireland  would  be  under  200  miles.  The  important  and  increasing  City  of  Carlisle  is  now  one  of  the  greatest  railway  centres  of  the  kingdom,  —the  Lancaster  and  Carlisle,  the  Caledonian,  the  Glasgow  and  South-Western,  the  Newcastle  and  Carlisle,  and  the  Mary Maryport  port Maryport  and  Carlisle  lines  t  all  meeting  there,  and  another  line  from  Hawick  to  Carlisle,  in  continuation  of  the  North  British  is  also  in  contemplation.  The  projected  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay  would  be  the  nearest  deep-sea  harbour  to  this  great  centre  of  'railways,  and  as  the  Solway  Frith  in  which  it  is  situated  runs  up  so  far  into  the  land,  as  a  glance  at  the  Map  of  England  will  show,  the  Carlisle  and  Silloth  Bay'Railway,  with  the  Port  Carlisle  and  Newcastle  and  Carlisle  Railways  would  form  a  direct  Railway  connection  between  the,  Ger-.  man  Ocean  and  the  'lrish  Sea  at  the  narrowest  part  of  the  Island.  The  Harbour  at  Silloth  Bay  would  thus  afford  the  readiest  and  best  Port  for  the  coal,  coke,  and  manufactures'  of  Newcastle  and  the  surroundingidistrict  sent  to  the  Irish  market.  Steamers  would  also  be  enabled  to  ply  between  Silloth  Bay  and  the  ports  of  Liverpool,  Dublin,  Belfast,  and  other  ports,  by  which  short  and  easy  passages  would  be  afforded  at  regular  hours,  quite  independent  of  the  tides.  It.fs  proposed,  in  the  first,  instance,  to  make  a  Floating  Dock,  at  Silloth  Bay,  of  about  four  acres  area,  which  would  serve  as  an  Entrance  Basin  to  Docks  of  a  larger  area,  to  be  constructed  when  the  increase  of  trade  should  require  them.  The  Line  from  Silloth  Bay  to  Drumburgh,  on  the  Port  Carlise  Railway,  would  pass  through  a  fine  agricultural  country,  and  ..a  ,considerable  income  from  local  traffic  and  passengers  may  safely  be  anticipated.  A  single  line  only  will  be  laid  down  in  the  first  instance,  but  sufficient  land  will  be  taken  and  works  constructed  for  a  double  line  when  the  same  may  be  found  necessary.  The  landowners  are  in  general  strongly  in  favour  of  the  line,  and  some  of  them  are  upon  the  Provisional  Committee,  and  promoters  of  the  under undertaking.  taking. undertaking.  The  country  through  which  the  line  passes  is  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  flat  and  level—there  will  be  no  heavy  earthwork  or  expensive  works  of  any  kind—and  it  is  estimated  that,  allowing  liberally  for  all  contingencies,  the  total  costs  of  the  Railway,  including  the  purchase  of  l  an  d,  w  ill  not  excee  d  65,000,  bei  ng  a  t  the  rate  of  £5,000  per  mile.  Contrac Contractors  tors Contractors  of  undoubted  respectability  are  ready  to  undertake  the  construction  of  the  line  for  this  sum.  The  Estimates  for  the  Dock  and  Harbour  have  been  pre prepared  pared prepared  byafr.  J.  B.  Hartley,  of  Liverpool,  Hho  has  had  great  experience  in  the  planning  and  carrying  out  of  such  works.  They  amount  to  £60,500.  The  total  estimated  cost  of  the  works  will  thus  stand  as  follows  :  Cost  of  Railway  Cost  of  Dock  and  Harbour  Parliamentary  and  Preliminary  Expenses  and  Contingencies  £65,000  60,600  £135,000  The  sources  of  traffic  have  been  carefully  inquired  :into,  and  fully  tested  by  persons:extensively  engaged  in  shipping  and  manufactures,  and  in  every  way  compe  t  ent  to  make  a  correct  estimate  of  the  various  kinds  of  merchandise  'that  will  enter  the  harbour  and  pass  over  the  line.  Taking  into  account  thepresent  actual  traffic  from  Newcastle  to  Ireland,  now  carried  by  a  long  sea  voyage  round  the  island,  and  which  would  be  diverted  into  the  now  line,  together  with  the  local  traffic,  a  minimum  return  of  £2O  per  mile  per  week  may  be  safely  calculated  upon  for  the  Railway,  which,  with  the  receipts  from  the  Dock  Dues  would  yield  a  divi dividend  dend dividend  of  upwards  of  six  per  cen  t.,  after  allowing  50  per  cent.  for  working  expenses.  The  undertaking►  has  the  cordial  support  of  tho  Port  Carlisle  Railway  Company.  Arrangements  will  be  made  with  this  Company,  under  the  sanction  of  Parliament,  for  facilitating  the  carriage  of  goods  over  their  line.  Applications  fur  Shares  in  the  form  annexed,  and  also  for  Maps  Wand  Prospectuses,  may  be  made  to  Mr.  JOHN  OA.RRITTIIERS,  the  Secretary,  or  Messrs.  W.  &amp;  J.  NANSON,  Solicitors,  at  Carlisle;  and  the  following  Brokers  :—Messrs.  F.  W.  Flint  - STYLE=superscript  and  Co.,  Hull  ;  Messrs.  RedSdale  and  Myers,  Leeds  ;  Mr.  James  Watson,  Glasgow  ;  Mr.  Oliver  Howden,  Edinburgh;  Messrs.  F.  and  W.  Gillow,  Liverpool  ;  Messrs.  Hoyland,  Son,  and  Ball,  Manchester  ;  Mr.  H.  B.  Jones,  Preston  ;  Bragg,  and  Stockdale,  London  ;  Drewry  and  Richardson,  Newcastle-upon-Tyne."
