text
"AUSTRIA.  From  Vienna  we  have  advices  to  the  date  of  the  17th  instant.  They  refer  to  the  receipt,  in  that  city,  of  the  telegraphic  intelligence  that  Austria  had  unconditionally  accepted  the  propositions  of  the  Allies.  Up  to  the  time  of  the  arrival  of  the  news,  few  persons  in  Vienna,  we  learn,  entertained  any  hope  that  Russia  would  consent  to  make  the  concessions  so  imperatively  insisted  on.  Both  Prince  Gortschakoff  and  M.  de  Manteuffel  have  had  audiences  of  the  Emperor  during  this  week,  but  neither  of  them  has  any  great  cause  to  boast  of  the  success  of  their  endeavours  to  shake  his  resolution.  It  is  credibly  related  that  His  Majesty,  who  gave  an  extremely  cool  reception  to  the  Russian  Prince,  expressed  his  disapprobation  of  the  way  in  which  he  had  thought  fit  to  dis discharge  charge discharge  his  diplomatic  duties.  It  is  unknown  whether  any  special  mention  -vas  made  of  the  din dinner  ner dinner  given  by  the  Russian  Minister  to  Baron  Hess,  but  it  is  notorious  that  the  behaviour  of  Prince  Gortschakoff  on  that  occasion  gave  great  offence  to  the  Emperor.  Count  Slackelberg  arrived  here  yesteriay  even evening.  ing. evening.  It  is  very  generally  believed  that  Prince  Gortschakoff  will  not  long  continue  to  represent  Russia  •at  this  Court,  as  even  his  best  friends  acknowledge  that  he  has  made  what  in  Italy  is  called  The  Austrians  are  extremely  elated  at  the  success  of  Count  Buol's  system  of  and  it  must  be  confessed  that  they  have  no  little  reason  to  be  so.  The  moneyed  world  is  beside  itself  with  joy,  and  the  tremen tremendous  dous tremendous  rise  in  all  kinds  of  stock,  and  the  fall  in  the  foreign  exchanges  and  precious  metals,  show  that  the  Exchange  is  discounting  a  regular  treaty  of  peace,  instead  of  the  acceptance  of  the  preliminary  conditions  to  one.  Notwithstanding  this  general  joy  and  jubilation  it  is  evident  that  many  and  great  difficulties  have  to  be  removed  before  a  solid  peace  can  be  con concluded.  cluded. concluded.  In  the  third  proposition  made  by  the  Allies,  which  refers  to  the  Black  Sea,  is  the  follow following  ing following  sentence  :  Par  consequent  it  n'y  sera  ni  tree  ni  conserve  d'arsenaux  militaires  mari  There  is  no  mention  of  fortresses  or  forts,  and  it  must,  therefore,  be  presumed  that  the  northern  fortifications  of  Sebastopol  are  to  remain.  Are  the  numerous  forts  on  the  Caucasian  coast  to  be  re-constructed  ?  When  the  propositions  of  the  Allies  were  drawn  up,  Kars  was  not  in  the  hands  of  the  Russians,  and  a  few  days  since  the  three  powers  rejected  the  offer  of  Russia  to  exchange  her  con•  quests  in  Asia  Minor  against  those  made  by  her  adversaries  in  the  Crimea.  If  Russia  gives  the  western  part  of  Bessarabia  as  an  equivalent  for  Eupatoria,  Sebastopol,  &amp;c  ,  what  is  to  be  done  about  the  pashalic  of  Kars?  Austria  is  naturally  because  Russia  will  cease  to  be  master  of  the  Lower  Danube,  and  protector  of  the  non-united  Greeks  in  Turkey  ;  but  it  is  not  yet  quite  clear  that  France  and  England  have  as  much  cause  to  be  satisfied.  As  soon  as  the  preliminaries  of  peace  are  signed,  an  armistice,  which  will  probably  last  until  the  end  of  March,  will  be  con concluded.  cluded. concluded."
