text
"always  had  the  renown  ,beyond  .  us,  for  their  attain attainments  ments attainments  in  ever  - STYLE=superscript  37-  . STYLE=superscript  part  Of  learning,  and  it  was  an  easy  matter  to  conquer  when  they  met  with  no  opposition.  Poetry,  the  most  ancient  sort  of  writ•  ing,  had  but  a-  late  reception  among'tiS:  for  Livius  Andronicus  , STYLE=superscript  pr9sented,  his  first  dramatic  piece  500  years  after  the  building.  of  After  the  expatriation  of  the  Greeks,  ParnetiuS  (the  first  stoic  philosopher  according  to.  Cicero):  established'  a  public  school  at  Rome,  w  hil  s  t  l  earne  d  men  were  daily  crowding  to  the  city.  Soon  the  Roman  youths:  manifested  .an  eagerness  for  knowledge  . STYLE=superscript  They  says  Plutarch,  every  other  .pleasure,  and,  addicted.  their  mindS  solely  to  the  study  Cato,  fearing.  lest  the  love  of  arms  - STYLE=superscript  would  become  absorbed  the  passion  for  literature,  became  greatly  alarmed:  Not,  indeed;  without  reason;  for  so  ext.,ensively  did  .this  new;  contagion  spread,  that  .  it  entered  the  senate  chain.;  ber.---,uor  did  the  Roman  patriarchs  escape  its  in  fhienee.  The  — STYLE=superscript  effects  which  were  likely  to  be  pro.:  dueed  thereby  in  the  :  public  mifidafforded  ground  9  for  fear  ;  ,a,nd,,if  .possible,  to  pluck.  up  the  . STYLE=superscript  evil  by  the  root,  Cato  endeavoured  to  procure  the  dismis.  ;  sal.  Of  all  :professors,'  of  'Oil:04)01y  t.l  literatitrel  from  his  dominions:  Whilst'  the  literature  of  Greece  triumphed  ii  Rome,  the  arms  of  Rome  triutriphed  over  tho  liber  ties  of  Greece.  The  famous  Corinth  was  stormed  byi  a  powerfUl  army,  and'  finally  bur  n  t  by  or  d  er  of  the  Rdman  consul.  When  once  Greece  lost  .  her  rode'  .pendenee,  i  ,  genius.  weeping,  fled  from.  , STYLE=superscript  her  shoves.  'Slavery  invariably  damps  the  energies  of  a  nation  and  destroys:all  relish  for  intellectual  Pursuits.  I  was  thus  with  fallen.  Greece.  Men  of  learning  for]  sook  her  sacred  Panes  --  the  flame  of  '&#34;geniiil  '  flickered'orr  her  altars—and  her  literature  declined  Coming  events  cast  their  shadOws  and  ,  Portentious  Were  the  forebodings  they  gave.  Athens  however,  still  shoneJliough  with  diminished  lus  tre,  and  remained,  the  'depository  of  letters,  unti  sacked  and  Plundered  by  Scilla.  .This  was  the  last  and  final  star  that  fell  from  the  Grecian  heavens)  The.result  to,  literature  is  too  well  known  to  need  any  comment.  The  literary  glory  of  Greece:had  Ae.parted  with•the  fall  of  Athens—for  she  stood  . STYLE=superscript  fOrth  conspicuously—  the  red  morn  on  some  stormy  night  Among  the  fugitive  clouds  that,  hurrying  by,  Leave  only  her  unshaken  in  the  •  when  the  entire  land  was  mantled  in  gloom,  and,  when  impending  ruin  was  discernible,.  And  now]  the  eye  of  the  traveller  may  behold  this  :  once  famous  city—but  only  in  ruined  great]  ress--7wrapped  in  an  imperishal4e  Winding-sheet--the  powerful  though  tacit  historian  of  the:  former  grandeur.  and  artistic  renown  !  Around  her  there  reigns— 'reignsA'  dark;  cold  calm,  which  nothing  now  can  break,  Or  warm,  or  brighten,--like  that  Tyrian  lake  Upon  whose  surface  morn  and  even  shed  .  Theitsmilesin  vain—for  all  beneath  is  dead  Lord  Byron,  whose,  latest  years  were  employed  in  bfruggling  to  win  for  luliely  Greece  that  Freedom  she  bad'  long  lost,  by.  taking  .up  the  sword  in  her  defence  ;  has  left  us-  in  his  Childs.  Harold.  some  affecting  tonches  of,his  noble  genius  with'reference  to  her  fall..  Upon  reading.  them,  we  can  ,  scarce  refrain  from  dropping  a  tear  for  the  untoward  fate  of  that  of  where  Warrior's  weapon  and  the  Sophist's  state  Are  sought  in  and  . STYLE=superscript  where'her  of  and  het  in  are  thro'  the  dream  of  things  that  were.  (To  be  continued).  CHOI  ERA  IN  SOOTLAND.—GLASbOW  CITY  PARISH,  Tuesday.  Reported'te-day,  28  ;  admitted  to  hospital,  4  ;  died  in  hospital,  3  ;  died  out  of  hospital,  6.  Barony  parish.  --Reported.to-day,  13  ;  deaths,  5  ;  diarrhcea,  reported  15  ;  ditto  with  cramp,  .R.  CuotEite.—We  regret  to  state  that  cholera  has  broken  out  at  Coatbridge,  and  within  the  last  two  days.  there  has  been  eight  casts,  four  of  which  are  unde  r  t  rea  t  n  i  ent,  an  d  four  deaths.  All  the  cases  have  occurred  in  the  most  filthy  parts  of  this  dirty  town.—lbid.  Dr.  Gavin,  the  medical  superintending  inspector  of  the  board  of  health,  visited  Airdrie  on  Saturday,  and  urged  the  immediate  removal  of  middens  and  other  nuisances,  if  neces necessary  sary necessary  at  the  espence  of  the  owners;  the  whitewashing  and  cleansing  of  dwellings,  and  the  establishment  of  dispensaries  throughout  the  district,  where  medieines  could  at  once  be  had.  He  did  not  advocate  the  removal'  of  patients  to  an  hospital,  but  recommended  prompt  medical  attendance  in  preference.  At  present  there  was  no  water  in  the  town,  nor  any  system  of  drainage.—Bid.  Row  irf  e'enuncn.—Yesterday,  a  man  named  Randall  Donovan  went  into  Upper  Shandon  church,  while  service  was  going  on,  where  he  became  very  disorderly,  and  at attempted  tempted attempted  to  strike  the  officating  clergyman.  He  was  at  once  secured,  but  on  being  taken  to  the  bridewell  he  was  discovered  to  be  insane.—  Cork  Reporter.  CORR,  F-LACKROCK,  AND  PASSAGE  RAlLWAY.—Revenue  for  week  ending  24th  of  December,  1853,  £126  12s.  5d  ;  Number  of  passengers,'  do.,  7,054  ;  revenue  for  correspond..  ing  week,  1852;  £l4O  lls.  6d  :  number  of  passengers  do.,  ,  _  _  ,  Mrs.  , STYLE=superscript  Bloomer  and  The  have  emigrated  to  Mount  Vernon,  Ohio.  In  the  last  number  of  her  journal,  she  saws  :  Our  husband  having  purchased  an  interest  in,  The  West,  era  Home  published  at  Vernon,  Ohio  and  dete?-  mined  upon  removing  to  that  plaCe  forth  with,  we,  as  a  true  and  faithful  wife,  are  bound  to  - STYLE=superscript  say'  in  the  language  of  Ruth—'  where  thou  goest  I  will  . STYLE=superscript  go  ;°  and  so  before  another  number  of  The  Lily  reaches  its  subscribers  we  shall,  if  all  is  well,  have  settled  in  cur  western  York  Tribmne.  MURDER  OP  A  WIPE'  RY  lIER  HUSBAND:OII  Thursday  night  last,  an  atrocious  murder  was  committed  in  Antrim  by  a  publican  named  William  Johnston  . STYLE=superscript  .  The  victim  was  his  .wife,  and  the  circumstances'of  the  terrible  transaction  as  far  as  we  have  been  enabled  •to  learn  are'  these  :-  both  husband  and  wife  were  addicted  to  drinking,  and,  as  a  con consequence,  sequence, consequence,  they  frequently  'quarrelled  with  each  other.  On  Thursday  night  about  cleVeri  o'clock;  he  having  been  absent  during  the  evening,•returned  home  and,fuund  his  wife  in  bed.  What  oecurred  exactly  betwedi  them,  no  person  can  tell  %  as  there  was  no  third  person  present  in  . STYLE=superscript  the  .room  :  but  it  appears,  according  to  Johnston's  own  statement,  that  they  had  some  angry  'words  with  each  other,  and  in  his  passion,  he  seized  a  candlestick  and  with  it  murdered  his  victim,  Seeing  whtstize-had  done;  and  - STYLE=superscript  no'  doubt  felt  remorse,  ran.  himself  for  a  . STYLE=superscript  doctor,  but.it  was  too  late.  By  the  time  the  dOctOr  and  he  returned  the  woman  had  expired..  An  inquest.  was  •  held  upon  the  body  next  day,  and  a  verdict  of  .. STYLE=superscript  was  returned  by  the  jury.  The  prisoner  wagafteiwards  transmitted  to  this  town  to  the  county  goal,  Where  he  will  remain  until  his  trial  at  the  ensuing  assizes.  —Belfast  Mercury.  •  TH:E.  NEW  AMERICAN  REPUBLIC,—The  territory  which  Colonel  Walker  and  his:companions  have  just  wrested  from  Mexican  power  (not  as  was  m  i  spr  i  n  t  e  d  yesterday),  is  the  long  Peninsula  called  sometimes  Old,  and  sometimes.  Lower,.  California,  and  extending,  between  the  glilf  and:the  Pacific  Ocean.  It  is,about  700  miles  iniength,  with  a  hreadth  varying  from  30  to  100  miles,  coniprisiTg  an  area  of  about  38,000  square  miles,,,,with  ivseanty,poptila ivseanty,poptilation  tion ivseanty,poptilation  'variously  estimated  at  from  14,000  to  20,000.  A.Chain  of  rocky  mountains,  not  exc  e  e  di  ng  5,000  f  ee  t  in  height,  runs  through  it  from  south  to  north,  and  the  surface  of  the  country  ecnsiSts  of  groups  of  bare  roc  k  s  b  ro  k  en  b  y  rav  i  nes  and  hills,  interspersed  with  barren  sandy  tracts,  forming  al-  , STYLE=superscript  together  one  of  the  least  attractive  regions  within  the  tem temperate  perate temperate  zone.  It  is  believed,  however,  to  ,be  rich  in  metals.  The  climate  is  excessively  dry  and  hot,  and  violent  hurri.,  canes  are  frequent;  there  are  more  wolves  than  timber  trees,  and  a  greater.  part  of  the  country  is  incapable  of  producing  a  single  blade  of  corn.  The  chief  exports  have  hitherto  con consisted  sisted consisted  of  pearls  from  the  gulf,  to  the  extent  of  an  annual  value  of  , STYLE=superscript  from  500  to  1,000  dollars,  tortoise  shell,  hides,  dried  fruits  L  itnd  cheese  and  ,soap.  These  commodities  are  for  .the  most  part  exported  to  Mazatlan  and  San  Plas  in  small  toasting  vessels.  What  the  country  may  became  in  the  hands  of  a  new  government  remains  to  be  seen,  Mor.DEn.  AT  BARNSLEY.-L-Rarnsley,  which..  has  already,  unfortunately,  obtained  an  _unenviable  notoriety  for  dis disgraceful  graceful disgraceful  outrages,  has  again  become  the  scene  'of  -another  tragedy.  The  victim  of,  the  present  catastrophe  is  Thomas  Husband,  a  collier's  labourer,  who  had  been  employed  at  Mrs.  Smith's  coal-pits  at  Silkston  for  a  great'  numb  er  o  f  years.  He  is  a  widower,  about  forty  years  of  age,  and  has  left  three  children,.  a.  boy  and  two  girls.  He  represented  that  he  had  lately  come  into  possession.of  some.  property,  ,  and.  was  otherwised  noted  .for  boasting  about  the  amount  of,mouey  he  had  in  his  possession,  and  for  his  liberality.  to  his  pot  companions.  He  had  made  proposals  of  marriage  to  !  tieveral:widow  landladies;  in  the  town  s  and  when  he  tie tie!  ! tie!  quented  the  houses  he  used  to  spend  his  money  liberally.  On  Sunday  last  the  deceased  was  at  the  Dusty  Miller  and  i  the  Neptune  public-houses;  drinking  at  various  times]  . STYLE=superscript  throughout  the  day,  and  in  the  .eveni  ng  h  e  ,  l  e  f  t  th  e  Nept  u  n  e  ,  ,  and  proceeded  on:  the  turnpike  road  to  a  lonely  place  on  the  Osborne  side  of  Beever-hall,'  about  eight  o'clock,  fol folloss  loss folloss  ed,  as  is.  supposed;  by  several  of  .his:pot  Nothing  at  present  appears  to  have  transpired  of  his.Vhere his.Vhereabouts  abouts his.Vhereabouts  until  his  body  was  discovered  lying  in  a  crouped  position-  by  .  a  man  named.  John  Green,  -  the  driver  of  an  omnibus  running.  between.  the  Cudworth  station'  of  the  Midland  Railway  and  Barnsley.'  As  Green.  approached  the  place-where  the.bodylay,  the  horses  shied  to  tie  right-hand  side  of  the  road  (the  ;  body  being  more  to  the  left)  ;  - STYLE=superscript  and,  on  looking  dawn,  he  perceived,  by  the  light  of  the  omnibus  lamps,  something  white  reflected  from  the  man's  -.shirt -.shirtcollar. STYLE=superscript  collar. -.shirtcollar.  The  'bus  was  pulled!up,  the  passengers  immediately  alighted,  and  s  found  the  body  of.  the  deceasee  covered  with  mud  and  dirt,  and  his  pocket  turned  inside  out:  The  first  impression  was'  s  .  that  .  the  man  was  drunk;  but,•  on  I  lilting  -  , STYLE=superscript  him  op,  they  discovered:  that  his  bead  hang  *say  .on  his-shoulders,  , STYLE=superscript  which  led  to  the  belief  that  his  •  neck  was  dislocated—a,  fact  subsequently  confirmed  by  the  :  evidence  of  a  surgeon.  An  inquest  will  be  held  on  the  body  on  Saturday."
