text
"40  to  41  42  to  43  .  44  to  45  ....  .  ...  .....  11  0  11  6  And  so  on,  adding  sixpence  for  every  additional  two  lines.  Estimates  forwarded  on  application  for  Advertisements  requiring  frequent  repetition.  The  Carlisle  Journal  is  published  early  every  Friday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  by  Messrs.  J.  and  R.  STEEL,  3,  English-street,  to  whom  all  orders  and  advertisements  must  be  addressed.  IMPORTANT  TO  ADVERTISERS  IN  IRELAND  The  most  widely-circulated  3-day  journal  in  Ireland  is  THE  NORTHERN  WHlG,Published  in  Belfast  The  latest  Government  stamp  returns  show  that  The  Northern  maintains  a  high  pre-eminence  over  the  entire  provincial  press  of  Ireland,  and  that  only  one  metropolitan  3-day  journal  equals  it  in  circulation.  As  an  Advertising  medium  it  consequently  offers  advantages  which  few  Irish  journals  can  afford.  The  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  duty  has  caused  the  adoption  of  a  new  and  very  much  reduced  scale  of  charges— chargesviz  viz chargesviz  :  Under  10  lines  (or  75  words)  2s.  Od.  Every  additional  line.  Os.  4d.  With  a  large  reduction  for  second  and  subsequent  insertions.  Contracts  for  Advertising  by  the  year,  half-year,  and  quarter,  will  be  taken  on  the  lowest  terms  compatible  with  the  extensive  and  valuable  publicity  afforded  by  its  large  and  influential  circulation.  To  London,  Liverpool,  and  Manchester  advertisers  in  particular,  it  offers  especial  advantages,  by  bringing  their  announcements  under  the  notice  of  so  enterprismg  and  large  a  section  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  The  Northern  contains  the  fullest  and  most  accurate  intelligence  on  all  subjects,  and  a  peculiar  system  of  market  prices  of  every  description  of  produce,  which  will  be  found  of  essential  importance  to  merchants  and  traders.  The  Northern  is  published  every  TUESDAY,  THURSDAY,  and  SATURDAY,  with  a  supplement  on.  Saturday  ?  at  the  office,  6,  Calender-street,  Belfast.  Yearly  subscription,  £2  10s.;  half-yearly,  £1  6s.  ,  quarterly,  12s.  6d.,  payable  in  advance.  All  communications  to  be  addressed  to  the  Proprietors,  FRANCIS  D,  FINLAY  and  SON.—Belfast,  September,  1863;  P1_TB00231 FOR  BOSTON.  1:r  ft  To  sail  10th  December.  kiLN6  TRAIN  &amp;  Co.'s  EXTRA  PACKET.  The  fine  new  first-class  American  Packet-ship  NEPTUNE,  (I,:apt  _Ayr%  k  VD  1,032  tons  register  :  Will  sail  as  above  ;  is  now  on  her  first  voyage,  and  will  be  found  a  very  superior  conveyance  for  fine  goods,  &amp;c.  For  freight,  &amp;c.,  apply  to  TRAIN  &amp;  CO.  P1_TB00232 i  t  i.  o  3  r?  P1_TB00233 C  S~  I  r!~  THE  Turks  have  thus  far  defeated  the  Russian  army  in  the  Principalities.  Yet  Russia  triumphs  !  Gold  is  the  true  sinews  of  war;  and  the  CZAR  has  re received  ceived received  no  less  than  720,0001.  of  British  gold  in  one  week.  This  is  how  England  is  made  to  appear  the  ally  of  tyranny,  while  she  promises  succour  to  nations  struggling  for  an  independent  and  reformed  existence.  We  were  fully  aware  of  the  fact,  that  large  shipments  of  gold  had  been  made  to  foreign  countries,  of  which  the  people  of  this  country  kne  w  nothing  whatever;  and  now  that  public  attention  has  been  directed  to  the  fact,  we  are  informed  that  80,000  ounces  of  gold  were  sent  to  St.  Petersburg  in  the  early  part  of  last  w  , STYLE=superscript  .!ek.  This  treasure,  with  the  £400,000  that  followe  lit  on  Saturday,  was  not  sent  by  the  usual  route,  but  by  way  of  Rotterdam  and  Hamburg.  Mystery  was  evidently  the  object  for  varying  the  line  of  transit.  If  the  large  amount  of  80,000  ounces  of  gold  was  shipped  away  in  silence  in  one  week,  is  it  not  quite  possible  that  a  still  larger  amount  may  have  gone  before  it,  and  with  equal  secrecy  ?  The  principal,  among  the  various  reasons  assigned  for  the  Bank  of  England's  raising  its  rate  of  interest,  is  the  fact,  that  there  were  certain  foreign  mercantile  houses  quite  unknown  in  the  leading  commercial  circles,  but  which  were  sup supposed  posed supposed  to  be  connected  with  foreign  governments,  that  had  become  large  shippers  of  bullion  from  this  country.  These  houses  having  done  all  they  could  by  operating  on  our  stock  and  money  mar  kets,  another  stratagem  is  to  be  tried.  A  Russian  loan  to  the  extent  of  5,000,000/.  is  to  be  brought  forward  immediately.  It  appears,  however,  that  it  would  not  do  to  bring  it  openly  before  the  British  public  at  this  moment,  therefore  it  is  arranged  that  Messrs.  HOPE,  of  Amsterdam,  in  conjunction  with  the  Russian  court  bankers,  Messrs.  STIEGLITZ  and  Co.,  of  St.  Petersburg,  are  to  undertake  it  with  the  view  of  drawing  subscriptions  from  England.  But  we  are  not  certain  that  lending  money  to  Russia  under  existing  circumstances,  is  not  treason,  and  therefore  an  indictable  offence.  It  is  true  that.  England  has  not  declared  war  against  Russia;  but  Turkey  has  declared  war  formally  ;  and  the  British  fleet  is  said  to  be  in  the  Black  Sea  to  sup support  port support  the  Turks  in  their  war  with  Russia.  There  is  here  a  very  nice  distinction  between  war  and  no  war.  As  far  as  our  Ministry  are  con concerned,  cerned, concerned,  they  have  one  and  all  vainly  declared  that  they  would  support  Turkey  in  her  struggle  for  independence.  That  struggle  is  now  going  On,  and  how  is  the  pledge  fulfilled  ?  Simply  by  allow allowing  ing allowing  Russia  to  draw  her  supplies  from  this  country  under  the  plea  that  no  actual  declaration  of  war  against  the  CZAR  has  taken  place.  Now,  if  the  independence  of  the  Ottoman  Empire  is  a  matter  of  national  importance  to  England,  who  is  to  com compensate  pensate compensate  this  country  for  the  power  that  has  just  been  conferred  on  the  enemy?  A  loan  of  5,000,0001.,  added  to  the  800,0001.  just  transmitted  to  St.  Petersburg,  will  enable  the  Russian  despot  to  send  an  army  of  500,000  men  into  the  Turkish  provinces,  and  this  is  how  Eng England  land England  proposes  to  support  the  cause  of  the  SULTAN  !  Why,  there  is  a  degree  of  moral  turpitude  hanging  about  this  whole  affair  that  must  make  every  honest  man  and  consistent  politician  blush  with  shame  !  An  open  declaration  of  war  would  have  rendered  the  shipment  of  gold  to  Russia  impos impossible,  sible, impossible,  and  by  thus  cutting  off  her  war  supplies,  Russia  might  have  been  compelled  to  accept  terms  which  she  willinow  treat  with  scorn.  It  is  well  known  that  at  one  time  the  Emperor  NICHOLAS  held  a  large  amount  of  English  stock  for  the  express  purpose  of  having  the  power  of  causing  derangements  in  our  money  market,  by  throwing  large  amounts  on  the  market  just  as  it  might  suit  the  accomplishment  of  his  views.  And  now  we  are  told  that  the  gold  which  has  been  re recently  cently recently  shipped  is  a  portion  of  the  large  amount  deposited  in  the  Bank  of  England  by  the  Russian  Government,  and  as  we  have  noticed  some  large  sales  of  stock  for  money  within  the  last  ten  days,  it  is  just  possible  that  the  CZAR  has  been  trying  the  effect  likely  to  be  produced  by  his  financial  operations  at  a  moment  when  England  requires  a  large  supply-  of  gold  forher  own  purposes.  If  war  had  been  openly  declared,  however,  the  wily  NICHOLAS  might  have  depressed  our  money  market,  but  he  could  scarcely  have  succeeded  in  getting  so  large  an  amount  of  treasure  out  of  this  country.  Our  readers  will  now,  we  trust,  appreciate  the  motive  which  has  induced  this  journal  to  search  diligently  into  the  bullion  movements  of  the  last  few  weeks.  We  have  all  along  had  reason  to  be believe  lieve believe  that  Russia  and  Austria  were  drawing  off  large  amounts  of  our  bullion  ;  but  we  were  unable  to  arrive  at  the  fact  by  any  other  means  than  direct directing  ing directing  the  attention  of  the  public  to  the•  subject.  With  regard  to  the  loan  project  which  has  been  so  guardedly  announced  by  our  London  cotempo cotemporaries,  raries, cotemporaries,  there  can  be  but  one  opinion.  If  it  be  not  illegal  to  lend  money  to  Russia  while  she  is  shedding  the  blood,  and  .  attempting  the  subjuga subjugation  tion subjugation  of  our  Allies,  it  ought  to  be  at  once  declared  illegal.  An  order  in  Council  ought  to  be  issued  instantly  declaring  the  transfer  of  all  Russian  stock,  dated  after  the  Ist  July,  1853,  illegal  in  the  United  Kingdom.  In  addition  to  rendering,  the  transfer  of  stocks,  dated  subsequently  to  the  inva invasion  sion invasion  of  the  Danubian  States,  illegal,  let  a  heavy  penalty  be  inflicted  on  all  persons  acting  as  agents  in  procuring  money  for  Russia,  or  any  other  foreign  country  holding  the  position  she  does  towards  England,  and  our  Ministry  may  redeem  their  character  for  consistency,  and  save  the  nation  from  years  of  bloodshed  and  waste  of  treasure.  Meanwhile,  as  we  have  discovered  that  the  CZAR  has  taken  away  more  money  in.  one  week  than  emi emigration  gration emigration  and  the  arts  and  would  absorb  in  a  month,  we  shall  look  with  increased  vigilance  to  the  movements  of  bullion,  as  long  as  the  Rus Russians  sians Russians  continue  the  invasion  of  the  territory  of  our  ally—the  SULTAN.  The  movements  of  the  pre precious  cious precious  metals  abroad  is  also  another  important  sub subject  ject subject  for  investigation,  as  we  find,  by  the  intel intelligence  ligence intelligence  received  yesterday  from  Vienna,  that  600,0001.  in  gold  had  been  forwarded  to  St.  Petersburg  by  the  Austrian  Government,  and  160,0001.  by  private  firms.  This  is  •  how  Austria  observes  a  strict  neutrality  !  This  is  how  she  would  employ  a  loan  if  she  could  raise  it  in  England.  We  have  already  predicted  this  as  a  perfectly  naturally  sequence,  and  unless  some  measures  be  promptly  taken  to  stop  the  political  intriguing  by  which  Russia  is  to  be  enabled  to  ac accomplish  complish accomplish  her  ends,  the  sooner  our  costly  naval  armaments  are  withdrawn  from  the  Turkish  seas,  the  sooner  we  shall  know  the  end  of  our  mock  war  expenditure,  and  the  higher  our  moral  and  politi political  cal political  character  as  a  nation  will  stand  in  the  eyes  of  Europe.  IN  looking  abroad  upon  society  we  see  much  to  upper  classes  are  daily  becoming  more  sensible  of  their  obligations,  and  are  making  strenuous  and  praise-worthy  efforts  to  atone  for  their  past  omissions.  The  lower  classes,  as  they  are  termed,  are  being  cared  for;  and  that  inhuman  policy  which  was  wont  to  despise  the  masses  and  regard  them  as  mere  hewers  of  wood  and  drawers  of  to  their  more  fortunate  fellow fellowmen—is  men—is fellowmen—is  fast  becoming  exploded.  Not  only  have  physical  comforts  been  acceded  to  them,  but  intel intellectual  lectual intellectual  culture.  And  the  foremost  statesmen  of  the  age  have  not  considered  it  'neath  their  dignity  to  instruct  them  on  the  advantages  to  be  derived  from  scientific  and  literary  knowledge.  Tis  but  a  few  days  ago  since  Lord  STANLEY  addressed  a  large  assemblage  of  working  men,  at  the  inaugura inauguration  tion inauguration  of  the  Bury  Athenaeum,  upon  the  subject  of  Education.  The  suggestions  therein  offered  are  admirable  and  practicable  ;  and  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  the  impression  then  and  there  conveyed  will  not  prove  evanescent  but  permanent.  Here  are  Lord  STANLEY'S  ideas  upon  this  all-important  topic  :  I  have  spoken  of  this  Athenaeum  as  an  educa•  tional  institute,  and  I  believe  in  so  speaking  I  am  correct.  I  am  well  aware  that  it  is  a  language  used  by  some,  that  education  is  a  thing  which  properly  belongs  only  to  youth  ;  but  I  maintain  that  idea  is  erroneous.  I  .hold,  that  for  me  and  for  every  one  of  us,  education  is  a  thing  which  must  continue  to  the  very  end  of  our  existence.  It  is  a  law  of  our  nature.  Our  minds  are  so  con constituted  stituted constituted  that  we  must  necessarily  and  always  be  either  learning  something  or  forgetting  something;  and  it  is  with  the  matters  of  instruction  as  with  many  others,  there  is  no  standing  still  ;  you  must  go  backward  or  forward.  And  not  only  is  this  the  case  as  regards  acquired  knowledge,  but  also  in  reference  to  the  powers  of  the  mind  itself,  which,  like  the  body,  can  only  be  kept  in  proper  vigour  and  health  by  a  succession—a  series  of  efforts  and  The  popular  idea  respecting  education  was  that  when  a  boy  or  girl  got  through  a  certain  curiculum,  he  or  she  was  educated.  When  the  boy  arithmetic—wrote  a  nondescript  hand—was  up  in  the  four  first  books  of  Euclid—spouted  bad  Latin  and  worse  Greek—and  could  tell  the  names  of  the  nine  parts  of  speech  according  to  MURRAY,  he  was  educated  !  When  the  girl  was  enabled  to  write  corner-hand—do  the  rule  of  three—make  bibs  and  tuckers—screech  the  gamut—had  learnt  the  notes  on  the  piano-forte—and  was  able  to  say  How  d'  ye  do  in  French,  she  had  finished  her  education—and  her  careful  mamma  brought  her  immediately:upon  the  tapis  as  an  eligible  candidate  for  matrimonial  honors  !  Things,  however,  have  changed  now  ;  and  Lord  STANLEY  only  favours  the  innovation  that  education  is  the  study  and  work  of  a  life—not  merely  attained  under  the  ferule  of  a  pedagogue,  or  in  a  Ladies'  Boarding  Academy  ;  although  under  the  strictly  moral  discipline  of  some  venerable  Al  , STYLE=superscript  isdames  who  were  never  known  to  smile—read  fashionable  novels—or  do  a  wicked  thing—unless  they  were  a  sinning  !  However,  we  do  not  mean  to  regard  early  instruction  as  un unprofitable  profitable unprofitable  or  dispensable.  It  only  becomes  an  evil  when  too  much  reliance  is  placed  upon  it.  little  learning  is  a  dangerous  As  long  as  it  is  viewed  in  the  light  of  an  intellectual  discipline,  and  as  laying  the  foundation,  or  sowing  the  seeds,  of  future  wisdom,  'tis  very  well.  You  cannot  fill  the  young  brain  with  knowledge  and  cork  it  up  as  you  would  a  bottle  of  pickled  gerkins  !  warranted  to  keep  in  any  climate  for  any  length  of  time.  No!  It  is  with  the  matters  of  instruction  as  with  many  others,  there  is  no  standing  still  ;  you  must  go  forward  or  there's  no  [alternative]  as  the  Lancaster  alderman  said  the  other  day  upon  being  hot—warmly  pressed  to  accept  municipal  office  We  are,  in  common  with  all  genuine  advocates  of  education,  greatly  obliged  to  Lord  STANLEY  for  his  excellent  arid  explicit  definition  of  an  almost  uni universally  versally universally  misunderstood  scientific  term  ;  and  we  trust  that  those  higher  in  station  than  the  Bury  operatives  may  be  induced  to  profit  thereby.  The  great  FRANKLIN  himself=now  we  entirely  disclaini  any  offence  to  our  American  friends—did  not  seem  to  entertain  other  than  the  vulgar  notions  respect respecting  ing respecting  education  He  says  :  a  man  empties  his  purse  into  his  head,  no  one  can  take  it  from  As  if  education  was  not  a  drawing  out  of  the  Mind  —not  a  pouring  in  !  GOLDSMITH,  too,  has  immor immortalised  talised immortalised  his  Village  Schoolmaster,  and  expresses  his  surprise  how  one  small  head  could  carry  all  he.  knew  And  'tis  really  amazing  how  some  savants  can  uphold  their  heads  owing  to  the  weighty  mass  of  crudities  they  contain  !  and  who  smell  of  Latin  and  Greek,  we  can cannot  not cannot  abide.  They  have  no  common  sympathies  with  their  race.  Even  those  whose  office  it  is  to  instruct  the  people  must  descend  sometimes  from  their  pedestal  if  they  do  not  wish  to  be  odious.  One  hates  an  says  BYRON,  that's  all  author;  fellows  in  foolscap  uniform  turned  up  with  ink  SALFORD  HUNDRED  INTERMEDIATE  SESSIONS.—The  inter intermediate  mediate intermediate  sessions  for  the  Hundred  of  Salford,  commenced  yesterday  (Monday)  morning,  at  the  New  Bailey  court courthouse,  house, courthouse,  Salford.  OXFORD,  WORCESTER,  AND  WOLVERHAMPTON  RAILWAY.  —The  managers  of  this  line  have  given  notice  of  their  inten intention  tion intention  to  open  the  entire  length  to  Wolverhampton  on  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  next,  December  1.  GOOD  NEWS.—There  are  no  accounts  of  any  new  case  of  cholera  from  Edinburgh  ;  and  none  have  occurred  in  Sun Sunderland  derland Sunderland  for  the  last  six  days.  In  some  parts  of  Scotland,  however,  the  disease  still  prevails.  .  The  bottle  makers  of  Newcastle-ttpon-Tyne  have  for  an  increase  of  wages.  Latterly,  it  is  said  that  finishers  had  245.,  blowers  205.,  and  gatherers  17s.  per  week,  besiies  bringing  good  hands  7s.  to  12s.  per  week  additional.  Captain  Winn  has  held  an  investigation  into  the  late  accident  on  the  Great  Northern  Railway,  and  evidence  was  produced  to  show  that  there  was  not  sufficient  time  between  the  breaking  of  the  axle  of  the  truck  until  the  arrival  of  the  passenger  train  to  remove  the  former.  THE  BRADLEY  INQUIRY.—The  committee  of  the  council  appointed  to  inquire  into  the  charge  preferred  against  ➢lr.  Bradley  concluded,  we  learn,  their  labours  last  evening.  So  far  as  the  taking  of  evidence  is  concerned,  they  meet  to  consider  their  report  in  a  day  or  two.  _  STEAM  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL  AND  ST.  JOHN,  N.B.—  Messrs.  Reed  and  Wright,  of  St.  John,  N.  8.,  propose  to  place  upon  the  route  between  St.  John  and  Liverpool,  a  line  of  screw  steamers,  to  ply  monthly—provided  the  Pro Provinces  vinces Provinces  will  contribute  £lO,OOO  a-year  for  ten  years  towards  the  undertaking.  The  probability  seems  to  be  that  their  proposition  will  bo  accepted,  and  the  line  established.  STEAM  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL  AND  PHILADELPFILL—The  Philadelphia  papers  announce  that  another  ocean-steamer,  intended  for  the  Liverpool  and  Philadelphia  line,  has  just  been  contracted  for  by  the  enterprising  proprietors.  She  will  be  called  the  City  of  and,  will  be  about  eighty  feet  longer  than  the  City  of  and  thirty  feet  longer  than  the  The  object  is  to  ensure  increased  speed.  The  builders  are  Messrs.  Todd  and  Macgregor,  of  Glasgow,  the  same  gentlemen  who  constructed  the  City  of  the  City  of  and  who  are  now  engaged  on  the  City  of  This  looks  well  for  our  ocean  line.  Four  steamers  regularly  plying  between  Philadelphia  and  Liverpool,  cannot  but  afford  extraordinary  facilities  to  travellers,  trade,  and  commerce  generally.  THE  LATE  CASE  OE  FORGERY.—There  is  much  interest  felt  and  many  statements  made  respecting  the  unhappy  prin principal  cipal principal  in  this  case.  The  motives  which  may  possibly  have  prompted  the  step  he  took•—the  probabilities  which  might  have  occurred  to  relieve  him  from  the  publication  of  his  crime—and  lastly,  what  has  become  of  him  since  his  disap disappearance..  pearance.. disappearance..  Into  these  we  shall  not  enter,  but  we  may  men mention  tion mention  that  it  is  confidently  stated,  that  on  the  21st  instant  he  paid  into  the  borough  bank,  which  was  the  depository  of  the  bill,  £1,200  on  account.  It  is  also  said  that  he  had  entered  very  largely  into  Australian  speculations.  We  believe  the  unfortunate  man  had  a  house  in  Belfast,  and  was  supposed  to  be  very  successful,  though  yet  a  young  man.  Certain  it  is  that  his  credit  stood  very  high.  We  believe  his  con connexions,  nexions, connexions,  who  are  Irish,  are  highly  respectable;  and  it  is  said  he  at  one  time  held  a  commission  in  her  Majesty's  ser service.  vice. service.  As  to  the  heradv4  l  l,9failVsyntgannopr  i  m  u  lfig  land,  or  the  Brazils—or  the  Lord  knows  while  some  insist  that  he  is  not  beyond  the  boundary  of  these  kingdoms.  However  this  may  be,  the  detective  police  are  pursuing  him  in  every  direction,  both  home  and  foreign.  FIRE  IN  ST.  GEORGE'S  BAZAAR.—Yesterday  a  meeting  of  the  principal  tradesmen  in  the  Lime-street  Ward,  was  held  in  the  Compton-house,  for  the  purpose  of  forming  a  committee  to  inquire  into  the  losses  the  tenants  in  St.  George's  bazaar  have  sustained  through  the  fire  which  took  place  on  Tuesday  evening  last,  with  a  view  to  the  raising  of  a  substription  for  the  relief  of  the  sufferers.  The  meeting  , STYLE=superscript  was  convened  by  Messrs.  J.  Johnson,  T.C.,  J.  A.  Picton,  T.C.,  J.  R.  Jeffrey,  J.  R.  Cooper,  Thomas  Reay,  Thomas  Haigh,  and  Jonas  Gleave.  Mr.  J.  R.  Jeffrey  presided,  and  Mr.  Luya,  superintendent  of  markets,  acted  as  secretary.  Amongst  the  gentlemen  present  were  Messrs.  Johnson,  Picton,  Haigh,  Lee,  Gleave,  W.  Lawton,  G.  Taylor,  Reay,  Geo.  Riding,  Porter,  S.  •  linden,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  A  committee  having  been  formed  they  proceeded  to  consider  the  amount  of  property  belonging  to  each  party  in  the  bazaar  destroyed  by  the  late  fire.  So  far  as  the  committee  could  estimate  it,  the  loss  was  put  down  at  £650  ;  but  some  of  the  claims  were  left  over  for  inquiry.  A  deputation  was  then  ap appointed  pointed appointed  to  wait  on  the  mayor,  and  they  instantly  proceeded  to  the  Town-hall,  and  saw  his  worship,  who  headed  the  list  with  a  subscription  of  £lO.  The  deputation  next  waited  on  Mr.  Bramley-Moore,  who  subscribed  £5.  The  paoceed paoceedings  ings paoceedings  stand  adjourned  for  a  week  for  the  purpose  of  receiving  , STYLE=superscript  a  report  from  the  sub-committee  of  investigation,  and  to  ascertain  the  amount  of  subscriptions  received  in  the  mean meantime.  time. meantime.  A  sum  of  £67  18s.  was  subscribed  by  the  persons  present  at  the  meeting.  ACCIDENT  TO  THE  GOLDEN  AGE.—Yesterday  a  serious  accident  occurred  to  this  splendid  steam-ship  as  she  was  about  to  leave  the  river,  outward  bound  for  Australia.  The  Gulden  Age  left  the  Huskisson  dock  about  9  o'clock  in  the  morning  ;  but  the  purser  not  being  on  board  with  the  ship's  papers,  the  vessel  came  to  off  the  landing  stage,  to  wait  until  he  bad  got  on  board:  At  10  o'clock  the  Golden  Age,  being  then  in  charge  of  a  pilot,  was  ordered  to  be  put  about,  the  tide  then  running  down  pretty  strong.  In  bringing  her  round,  and  whilst  endeavouring  to  clear  a  vessel  which  was  lying  off  the  Seacombe  slip,  the  pilot  seems  to  have  miscal miscalculated  culated miscalculated  his  distance,  and  it  became  apparent  that  the  Golden  Age  could  not  avoid  running  into  the  Seacombe  wall.  When  this  was  seen  to  be  almost  inevitable,  Captain  Porter,  the  commander,  immediately  issued  orders  to  let  the  anchors  go  and  reverse  the  engines.  Those  precautions,  however,  were  not  sufficiently  effectual,  and  the  consequence  was,  that  the  ship  went  head-on  against  the  wall.  The  collision  was  not  very  violent  ;  and  after  the  shock,  she  was  instantly  backed  off,  and  proceeded  into  the  Sloyne,  where,  upon  examination,  it  was  found  that  her  stern  was  injured  and  partly  carried  away.  The  examination  resulted  in  the  Golden  Age  being  ordered  into  the  graving  -dock,  to  be  thoroughly  examined  and  repaired  ;  but  it  is  supposed  her  detention  will  not  ex exceed  ceed exceed  four  or  five  days,  although,  we  understand,  previous  to  her  repairs  a  part  of  her  cargo  will  be  discharged.  In  the  meantime  her  passengers,  140  in  number,  are  comfortably  provided  for  on  board  the  ship,  by  the  agents,  Messrs.  Millers  and  Thompson.  The  circumstances  under  which  the  Golden  Age  ran  into  the  Seacombe  wall,  are  almost  similar  to  those  under  which  the  screw  steamer  Lusitania  ran  ashore  above  Rockferry  a  few  weeks  since.  In  both  cases  Liverpool  pilots  were  on  board  the  vessels.  INQUESTS.---The  following  deaths  were  reported  to  the  coroner  yesterday,  upon  which  inquests  wili  be  held  to-day.  Joseph  Irving,  a  painter,  who  resided  in  Sun Sunstreet,  street, Sunstreet,  Toxteth  Park,  was  working  on  board  the  ship  Conway,  lying  in  the  Sandon  Dock,  on  Thursday,  when  his  foot  slipped  as  he  was  going  between  decks  to  resume  his  work  after  dinner,  and  he  fell  into  the  hold,  head  foremost,  receiv receiving  ing receiving  such  injuries  as  caused  his  death  in  the  Northern  Hos Hospital  pital Hospital  on  Saturday.—Francis  Crane,  a  young  man,  residing  with  his  parents  in  Mere-lane,  Everton,  while  ',getting  into  a  cart  which  he  was  driving  in  Great  Howard-street  yesterday,  fell  on  the  pavement  and  broke  his  neck.  Ho  was  'taken  by  his  father  and  a  police-officer  at  once  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  on  Saturday,  but  was  pronounced  dead  by  the  surgeon  on  arriving  there.—A  young  man,  who  was  left  in  care  of  Mr.  Armstrong's  spirit  vaults,  Edge-hill,  was  found  in  a  state  of  insensibility,  supposed  to  have  been  caused  by  drink,  and,  despite  the  efforts  of  the  surgeon  who  was  called  in,  expired  that  night.—James  Spencer  Bulmer,  car  proprietor,  14,  Grey-street,  off  Windsor-street,  was  brought  home  on  Saturday  night  in  a  state  of  insensibility,  which  his  sister  at  first  supposed  had  arisen  from  drink.  Finding  he  did  not  rally,  Dr.  Hutchinson  was  called  in,  but  before  he  could  arrive  the  man  was  dead.  The  father  of  deceased  expired  in  the  same  manner  about  three  years  ago.  —Thomas  Gaston,  a  farrier,  who  resided  in  a  court  in  Wil Williamson-street,  liamson-street, Williamson-street,  died  suddenly  on  Saturday  night.  Deceased  had  been  a  teetotaller,  but  had  taken  to  drink  on  Tuesday  last.  He  suffered  from  bowel  complaint,  but  was  able  to  resume  work  on  Thursday  and  Friday.  On  Saturday  he  went  with  his  wife  to  a  grog-shop  where  he  drank  some  whiskey,  an  d  a  ft  er  re  t  ur  ning  home  his  wife  was  in  the  act  of  assisting  him  to  take  off  his  jacket,  when  he  fell  on  the  floor  in  a  state  of  insensibility.  A  policeman  was  called  in,  and  the  deceased  was  lifted  on  the  bed,  when  he  expired  shortly  after.  Dr.  Stack  was  called  in,  but  all  his  medical  skill  :was  in  vain,  as  before  his  arrival  all  hope  was  at  an  end.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE.  •  PRESI  . STYLE=superscript  ON,  Monday  Evening,  The  amount  brought  in  to  the  weavers'  committee  yesiev•  day  fell  somewhat  short  of  £2,000  ;  this  being  the  little  as  it  is  termed,  or  the  week  in  which  the  hands  in  some  of  the  districts  do  not  draw  any  wages,  inasmuch  as  they  are  paid  fortnightly.  In  consequence,  however,  of  the  committee  having  a  considerable  balance  remaining  in  hand  from  last  week,  they  were  enabled  to  distribute  4s.  per  head:  at;  heretofore,  As  an  indication  of  the  depressed  state  of  trade,  it  may  be  mentioned  that  Mr.  Goodall.,  (the  largest  manufacturer  unconnected  with  the  masters'  association)  this  morning  gave  notice  of  his  intention  to  commence  running  short  time  in  the  weaving  department,  all  his  hands  having  previously  been  fully  employed.  This  afternoon  there  was  a  large  gathering  of  the  unem unemployed  ployed unemployed  in  the  Orchard,  when  addresses  were  delivered  by  some  half-dozen  delegates.  _  _  The  CHAIRMAN  (Mr.  LANG  of  Blackburn)  congratulated  his  hearers  upon  their  standing  in  as  good  a  position  with  regard  to  pecuniary  matters  as  last  week  ;  and  stated  that  £lO  had  been  received  from  a  few  men  in  a  distant  part  of  Wales,  who  had  never  been  solicited  to  subscribe  to  this  movement.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  BROWN  said  e  had  been  informed  that  Mr.  Paul  Catterall  had  rang  his  factory  bell  that  morning  at  breakfast  time.  The  manufacturers  of  Preston  were  prepared  to  open  their  mills  on  these  conditions—that  they  should  run  four  days  per  week,  at  the  prices  paid  last  March.  Would  the  hands  agree  to  those  terms?  (Cries  of  Were  they  not  in  a  better  position  now,  with  Os.  for  playing,  than  they  would  be  with  6s.  for  four  days'  work  ?  (General  ex exclamations  clamations exclamations  of  This  is  what  we  call  little  but  little  as  it  is,  we  have  about  £2,000  come  in.  Next  week  we  expect  about  £2,600.  At  the  commencement  of  this  agitation  the  manufacturers  of  Preston  thought  by  stopping  supplies  from  Burnley,  Bacup,  &amp;c.,  they  should  be  able  to  reduce  that  amount  to  £2OO.  But  judge  of  their  surprise  when  they  found  it  reduced  (as  an  Irishman  would  say)  from  £2OO  to  £2,000.  The  CHAIRMAN  here  remarked  that  the  Blackburn  mas masters  ters masters  encouraged  them  to  persevere  in  this  struggle  with  the  manufactures  of  Preston—saying,  in  Go  on  lads,  while  we  get  all  their  best  (Laughter  and  cheers.)  Mr.  GRIMSHAW  denounced  the  scribes  of  the  and  the  in  unmeasured  terms,  for  which  he  was  rebuked  by  the  succeeding  speaker,  Mr.  K.  SMITh,  (presideut.of  the  executive  council),  who  advised  them  to  endeavour  to  win  the  press  over  to  their  side.  Mr.  RHODES  complained  of  the  scanty  remuneration  ob obtained  tained obtained  by  factory  hands  when  they  were  in  full  work;  the  best  of  them  were  always  within  a  month's  march  of  the  They  had  nothing  to  look  forward  to  but  a  coffin  without  a  name,  and  a  pauper's  grave.  (Hear,  hear)  :  The  CHAIRMAN  called  upon  all  who  were  determined  to  stand  by  the  delegates  to  hold  up  their  hands.  (The  whole  meeting  responded).  The  proceedings  'closed  with  three  cheers  for  the  ten  per  cent."
