text
"STABBING  A  LIVERPOOL  POLICEMAN.  David  Irwin  was  charged  with  having  at  Liverpool,  on  the  9th  of  October,  stabbed  and  wounded  Stephen  Thomp Thompson,  son, Thompson,  with  intent  to  do  him  grievous  bodily  lla,rm,  Mr.  RAFFLES  prosecuted,  and  Mr.  Mown.  defended  the  prisoner.  The  facts  of  the  lease  (which  have  already  ap appeared  peared appeared  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES)  are  briefly  these  :  That  on  the  night  in  question  the  prosecutor  was  on  duty  near  Boundary  Bridge,  Scotland  Road,  and  hearing  a  noise  he  turned  round,  and  saw  the  prisoner  approaching,  flourish flourishing  ing flourishing  a  bayonet  in  his  band.  He  had  neither  hat,  coat,  shi  r  t,  nor  shoes  on,  but  only  trowse  rs  and  stockings.  Without  saying  a  word  to  the  prosecutor  he  rushed  at  him,  and  stabbed  him  in  the  thigh  and  the  side.  [Whilst  the  prosecutor  was  giving  his  evidence,  his  lord?  ship  asked  him  if  there  was  a  lunatic  asylum  in  the  neigh neighbourhood  bourhood neighbourhood  of  Boundary  Bridge,  from  which  the  prisoner  had  escaped,  for  the  act  looked  like  that  of  a  madman,]  Mr.  MONK  admitted  that  it  was  the  apt  of  a  man  who  was  in  a  state  of  madness.  The  fact  was  that  the  prisoner  had  been  wrought  up  to  a  state  of  frenzy.  Under  the  directions  of  his  lordship  a  verdict  was  then  given  of  unlawfully  wounding.  Sentence  deferred.  SHOOTING,  WITH  INTENT  TO  MURDER  ON  THE  HIGH  SEAS.  _  _  Nickolas  Jackson  Naltrass,  32,'  captain  of  the  ship  Ma•  tanzas,  was  charged  with  having,  on  the  high  seas,  within  the  jurisdiction  of  the  admiralty  of  England,  unlawfully  and  feloniously  shot  at  George  Wake,  With  intent  to  kill  and  murder  him.  Mr.  MONK  and  Mr.  ASFINALL  appeared  for  the  prosecu prosecution,  tion, prosecution,  and  Mr.  DIGEY  SEYMOUR,  M.P.  for  Sunderland,  defended  the  prisoner.  Mr.  MONK  stated  the  facts.  of  the  case,  which  have  already  anpeornd  in  our  noliep  41.0  Matanzas  left  the  port  of  Snnderland  for  South  America,  and,  returned  to  England,  arriving  in  I.  4  iyerpeol  in  Septem September  ber September  last,  on  which  the  charge  was  preferred  against  the  prisoner.  Having  stated  the  particulars  of  the  case  at  con considerable  siderable considerable  length,  the  learned  counsel  'called  George  Wake,  who  said  :—I  am  a  seaman.  In  March  last  I  was  at  Rio.  I  engaged  there  as  a  seaman  on  board  the  Matanzas  for  anywhere  she  might  go  to.  The  other  seamen  on  hoard  . STYLE=superscript  at  Rio  had  been  discharged.  [The  witness  here  stated  the  crew  who  shipped  with  him  at  Rio.  He  continued  ;  We  sailed  for  Bahia  in  a  fortnight  after'  shipped,  In  a  few  days  we  found  we  were  short  of  water;  and  put  back  to  Rio,  After  we  sailed  again  we  got  on  to  a  reef  in  a  fog.  There  was  then  a  dispute  about  the  appren apprentice,  tice, apprentice,  who  was  acting  as  chief  mate.  We  got  to  Bahia  in  Zi  days.  We  loaded  there.  There  were  more  quarrels  there  between  the  apprentice  and  the  captain.  The  apprentice  com complain,ed  plain,ed complain,ed  to  the  consul  and  he  was  discharged  from  the  ship.  There  were  also  00;0  between  the  crew  and  the  captain,  which  were  referred  to  the  consul.  In  consequence  of  some  quarrel  about  the  stowage  of  some  'stiffer,  - STYLE=superscript  tWo  of  the  nip  refused  to  work.  That  was  three  days  before  I  was  shot.  The  night  before  I  was  shot  the  captain  discharged  the  ship's  muskets  and  loaded  them  afresh.  On  the  Sunday  morning  I  went  to  the  captain  and  asked  him  if  he  was  going  to  sea  ?  He  said  he  was.  I  asked  him  if  he  was  going  to  take  the  two  men  who  were  off  duty  ?  He  said  he  was.  I  told  Min  that  the  men  said  they  would  rather  snter  death  than,  go  to  sea.  I  also  tbld'hiin  'I  would  not  go  to  Sea  unless  he  put  the  two  hands  ashore  and  got  two  otlieri  in instead  stead instead  of  them,  He  said  to  me  he  would  make  them  work  when  lie  got  tq  sea.  I  told  him  'mew  bow  he  intended  to  make  them  work,'  for  that  last  nigilt  he  had  frightened  us  from  going  to  sea  with  him,  Ile  ipecip  a  Ttind  Pta  laugh  of  it  and  walked  off.  Soon  after,  w  e  w  ere  sen  t  t  o  b  r  e  a  k  ?  fast,  and  as  we  sat  down  the  mate  came  and  told  us  the  captain  wanted  us.  We  went  to  him.  When  we  got  to  the  captain  he  asked  me  to  weigh  the  anchor.  I  told  him  I  wenld  not  weigh  the  anchor  until  we  got  our  complement  of  hauds•  We  wprp  short-handed  from  Rio  to  Bahia.  Ife  asked'  me  if  I  would  weigh  anchor  for  his  sake.  I  said  no,  lie  then  again'  said  •  will  you  neigh  anchor  ?  I  again  said  U  an  which  he  p  p STYLE=superscript  ulled  out  a  pistol,  and  said  may  take  and  fired  at  me,  hitting  me  between  the  shoulders.  He  wa  s  th  en  a  b  ou  t  two  or  three  yards  from  me.  After  I  saw  the  pistol  I  had  just  time  to  'slue&#34;  my  shoulder,  or  it  would  have  shot  me  in  the  heart.  After  that  I  saw  him  take  two  more  pistols  out  of  his  pocket  and  pre-  Sent  them  at  the  two  men.  The  men  said  they  were  willing  'to  Weigh  the'  anchor,  and  he  did  ;et  fire.  I  afterwards"
