text
"TO  THE  MUNICIPAL  ELECTORS  OF  VAUXHALL  WARD.  GENTLEMEN,  HAVING  had  the  honour  of  being  waited  upon  by  a  highly  respectable  Deputation  from  your  Ward,  with  a  Requisition  that  I  should  become  a  Candidate  for  your  suffrages  at  the  approaching  Election,.  I  hasten  to  respond  to  the  invitation  of  so  numerous  and  influential  a  body  of  the  Electors.  In  soliciting  your  support,  I  beg  leave  to  state  that  I  am  an  ardent  admirer  of  the  present  Administration,  in  favour  of  Financial  Reform,  and  a  sin sincere  cere sincere  friend  to  Civil  and  Religious  Liberty.  I  remain,  Your  most  obedient  servant,  DANIEL  POWELL.  Liverpool,  Ist  October,  1853.  TO  THE  MUNICIPAL  ELECTORS  OF  VAUXHALL  WARD.  GENTLEMEN,  THE  term  for  which  you  elected  me  as  one  of  your  representatives  will  shortly  expire.  A  Deputation  of  Gentlemen  Electors  of  your  Ward  having  waited  upon  me,  and  presented  a  requisition,  numerously  and'respectably  signed  by  parties  of  all  shades  of  opinion,  I  have  no  hesitation  in  tenderiug  my  best  exertions  for  your  acceptance.  I  feel  less  difficulty  in  now  coming  forward  as  a  Candidate,  for,  since  I  have  had  the  honour  to  represent  you,  I  have  the  satisfaction  to  know  my  conduct  in  the  Council  has  met  with  the  uniform  approbation  of  the  Ward.  Three  years  ago  you  elected  me  on  two  distinct  principles,  which,  I  need  hardly  say,  were  quite  in  accordance  with  my  own,  namely,  the  entire  absence  of  politics  in  local  affairs,  and  strict  economy  in  the  management  of  the  Cor Corporate  porate Corporate  Purse,  with  a  •  due  regard  to  the  good  old  town's  various  requirements  and  upholding  her  interests.  I  think  it  will  be  found  I  have  kept  these  principles  con constantly  stantly constantly  in  view;  and  I  believe  there  is  not  an  elector  who  will  say  that  I  forgot  the  interests  of  the  Ward  in  support  of  any  party,  political  or  religious,  in  the  Council.  I  have  uniformly  voted  against  the  increase  of  official  salaries  when  I  have  considered  them  well  paid;  and,  whenever  public  money  was  to  be  expended,  I  have  looked  carefully  how  it  was  to  be  most  beneficially  and  economically  spent,  having  a  deep  sympathy  for  the  difficulties  and  privations  local  taxation  entails  on  the  industrious  ratepayers.  Having,  from  my  youngest  days,  had  my  interest  bound  up  .  in  the  prosperity  of  your  Ward,  it  is  apparent,  that  what  is  injurious  to  you  must  be  so  to  me,  and  that  we  must  be  equally  benefited  by  its  improvement.  Finally,  the  pnncipls  on  which  you  first  elected  me  are  unchanged.  If  you  should  again  do  me  that  honour,  I  hope  that  the  experience  I  have  had  in  the  Council  duties  will  enable  me  more  efficiently  to  do  justice  to  the  trust  reposed  in  me.  I  remain,  gentlemen,  your  faithful  servant,  WILLIAM  NICHOLSON.  Shaw-street,  4th  October,  1853."
