text
"übiect  weary  of  the  war,  were-wnfolly  mistaken—and'  that  all  classesof  the  , STYLE=superscript  poreileti(mOvith  the  =exception'  of'  a  there  handful  ol'stnek•jobhe's  and  riloneyLitiong  : STYLE=superscript  ers;are',  'on  the  contrary,  lit  - STYLE=superscript  artily  devoted.  to  .it.  ,  •  I  am  told  that  Turkey  is  not  at  :all  pleased  with  the  prtipositions  sent  to  Russia  by  Austria  ;  with'theconsent  of  the  Allies,  and  that'  she  particularly  proteits  against  having  her  vessels  of  war  excluded  from  the  Black  Sea,  as  well  as  those  of  Russia,  in.  virtue  of  the  proposed  neutralisation.  This  objection  of  Turkey  would  in  itself  be  a  serious  impediment  to  an  arrangement  being  effected.  ,  Admiral  Lyons  arrived  at  Marseilles  yesterday,  and  am  told  reached  Paris  to-day..  The  Sardinian  Commander'  in-Chief  in  the  Crimea,  General  La  Marmora,  arrived  with  him,  •  but  went  to  Turin.  You  are  •  aware  -that  Admiral  Lyons  has  come  to  France,  to  attend  the  grand  Council  of  War,  which  is_to  be  held  in  this  city,  for  the  purpose  of  deciding,  on  the  future  plan  of  the  cainpaigil  in  the  Crimea.  General  La  Marmora  is  also  to'join  it.  According  to  Constantinople  letters  of  the  24th  Liao  , STYLE=superscript  it  has  already  been  decided  that  Marshal  Pelissier  shag  have  the  chief  command  of  all  the  Allied  armies,  and  Admiral  ,  Lyons:  of  the  Allied  fleets.  The  . STYLE=superscript  Admiralt  h  owever  ,  will  not  gain  so  much  in  importance  as  the  Marshal,.  seeing  that  whilst  the-latter  will  helve  .30  5  .00  0 STYLE=superscript  or  40,000  English,  and  10,000  or.  15,000  Sardiniao  6 STYLE=superscript  handed  over  to  him,  the  latter  will  only  get  a  few  gull'  boats  and  small  . STYLE=superscript  vessels---all  the  large  ships  of  the,iio  o STYLE=superscript  and  frigates  having  been  broughthome  long  ago.  It  was  believed  in  the  Crimea  that  Marshal  Pelissiel  will  also  come  to,  Paris  to  attend  the•  Council  of  Ware  You  will  remember  that  I:  told  yon  some  time  ago.th  o STYLE=superscript  he  would  most  likely  do  so.  The  return  of  Omer  Pachig;  to  Soukoum  Kale  i  s  confirmed,  •At  Kertch  vas*  Russian  force  had  s  u  r  r  ound  e  d  a  foraging  party  of  . STYLE=superscript  i.  *  tr  five  Turks,  unde  Captain  Sherw  oo  d,  an  E  ng  li  shme  o  l  and  had  kille  the  captain,  and  killed  or  capture°  twenty  of  the  men.  f  .  .  •  There  has  been  a  Very  heavy  fall  an  the  • STYLE=superscript  •BoittO  to-day--of  'lir.  in  the  threes,  cash,  and  16.  15  0 STYLE=superscript  '  for  the  end  of  the  month,-and  in  other  securities  proportion.  The,  fall  was  caused  by  the'  utter  hopeleW  ness  of  peace,  the  fear  of  the  war  being  extended  to  Prussia  in  the  spring,  and  by  ,  the  situatio  n  o  f  tb'  market.  A  curious  statem  ent  h  as  b  een  ma  d  e  to  me  in  a  welt  informed  quarter,  and  I  mention  it  without  being  abl  e STYLE=superscript  to  guarantee  its  truth.  It  is  that  Lord  Palmerston,  M  g STYLE=superscript  recently  had  communicated  to  him  p  a  p  ers  which  prof'  that  Prussia  is  even  much  more  seriously  implicated  vvil  informant  could  not  state,  •but.  he  said  s  n STYLE=superscript  'e  Y STYLE=superscript  re  tres  grafts  (very  grave:)  Russia  than  bad  - STYLE=superscript  been  supposed.  The  precise  nature  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  much  .confidence,  that  a  . STYLE=superscript  has  j°  ° STYLE=superscript  ;  committed  a  flagrant  violation  of  neutrality,  b!  allowing  large  quarities  of  saltpetre  to  b  e  Cory  veyed  into  Russia,  in  spite  or  the  English  Alni  bassador  having  positively  informed  her  govern:l3o,  - STYLE=superscript  o  svhere  the  saltpetre  *xnight  be  seized.  howevel  acting  in  this  scandalous  way,,thePrusviart  'Governnlef  i STYLE=superscript  ,  fw,,,-,vdintr  to  the  German  papers,  determined'  on  thattahlalso  o  withs  _l)erg,  a  general  in.  1 STYLE=superscript  .  e  of  the  Imperial  family  °  zar  to  make  peace.  '  •  oetersbur&#34;'  i STYLE=superscript  s  assertei  the  Prince  of  VViirtemi  armies,  a  near  re  Aa,  to  press  on  the  A.  despatch  from  r  employed  that  that  a  O  l  e STYLE=superscript  o  in  t  tic  coasts.  .  •n  0  new,  anki  I  l STYLE=superscript  'A  minfer  l STYLE=superscript  :  6 STYLE=superscript  o  .  P2_TB00526 , STYLE=superscript  err  th"
