text
"IMPORTANT  TO  ADVERTISERS  IN  IRELAND.  The  most  widely-circulated  3-day  journal  in  Ireland  is  THE  NORTHERN  WHlG,Published  in  Belfast  The  latestt  Government  stamp  returns  show  that  •  .1  ••-•-••  •  ..  •  •  .•  .  The  Northern  maintains  a  high  pre-eminence  over  the  entire  provincial  - STYLE=superscript  press  of  Ireland,  and  that  only  one  - STYLE=superscript  metropolitan  - STYLE=superscript  S-dzyjoramai  - STYLE=superscript  etruals  circulation.  As  an  Advertising  medium  it  consequently  offers  advantages  which  few  Irish  journals  can  afford.  The  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  duty  has  caused  the  adoption  of  a  new  and  very  much  reduced  ,of  charges--  viz  Tinder  10  lines  (or  75  words)  2s.  Od.  Every  additional  1ine............  Os.  4d.  With  a  large,  reduction  for  second  and  subsequent  insertions  Contracts  for  Advertisin,,o•  by  the  year,  half-year,  and  quarter,  will  be  taken  on  the  lowest  terms  compatible  with  the  extensive  and  valuable  publicity  afforded  by  its  large  an  d  influential  circulation.  To  London,  Liverpool,  and  Manchester  advertisers  in  particular,  it  offers  especial  advantages,  by  bringing  their  announcements  under  the  notice  of  so  enterprising  and  large  a  section  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  The  Northern  contains  the  fullest  and  most  accurate  intelligence  on  all  subjects,  and  a  peculiar  system  of  market  prices  of  every  description  of  produce,  which  will  be  found  of  essential  importance  to  merchants  and  traders.  The  Northern  is  published  every  TUESDAY,  THURSDAY,  and  SATURDAY,  with  a  supplement  on  Saturday,  at  the  office,  6,  Calender-street,  Belfast.  Yearly  subscription,  £2  10s.  ;  half-yearly,  £1  ss.  ;  quarterly,  12s.  6d.,  payable  in  advance.  All  communications  to  be  addressed  to  the  Proprietors,  FRANCIS  D.  FINLAY  and  SON.—Belfast,  September,  1853..  -  M  I STYLE=superscript  I  t STYLE=superscript  ,ONION  D  N STYLE=superscript  AIa'  NEWSPAPPEI?  S  T  In  consequence  of  the  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  MORNING  POST  - STYLE=superscript  charges'  will  be  on  the  following  reduced  and  reasonable  scale':  .  s.  d,  Tradesman's  Advertisements,  five  lines  and  under  .  ...  2  6  Every  addional  line  ...  .  Servants'  Advertisements,  Four  Lines  ....  :  ......  1  0  A  corresponding  reduction  is  made  in  all  other  classes  of  advertisements.  _  _  For  a  series  of  Advertisements  for  the  Year,  Half-year,  or  Quarter,  contracts  may  be  niade  on  a  moderate  reduction  o  he  scale  price.  -  •  •  As  a  medium  for  Advertisements,  the  MORNING  POST  offers  the  greatest  advantages  for  the  speedy  and  extensive  publicity  of  all  announcements  addressed  to  the  affluent  and  purchasing  portion  of  the  community,  especially  the  nobility,  gentry,  and  monetary  interests  of  the  country.  The  circulation  of  this  long-established  Journal,  embraces  the  most  influential  classes  Of  society  7  Political,  the  Aristocratic,  and  the  Commercial.  A  consistent  Advocate  of  Conservative  Progress,  and  Con Constitutional  stitutional Constitutional  Liberty—whilst  it  maintains  strongly  Estab Established  lished Established  Principles,  in  Church  and  State—it  constantly  seeks  out  error,  and  promotes  its  reformation.  It  contains  the.  FULLEST  and  LATEST  intelligence  of  every  description,  whether  POLITICAL,  COMMERCIAL,  CLERICAL,  LEGAL,  or  FASHIONABLE,  with  all  news  relating  to  ARTS,  SCIENCES,  and  LITERATURE.  Experience  has  shown  that  the  MORNING  POST  possesses  by  far  the  most  reliable  information  on  every  important  poli political  tical political  subject  of  the  day.  In  its  FOREIGN  INTELLIGENCE  especially,  it  has  been  distinguished  by  remarkable  rapidily,  and  by  thG  accuracy  of  its  information,  derived  from  the  best  sources.  Combining  with  its  Political  features,  ALL  THE  N  EWS  or  THE  DAY,  down  to  the  latest  hour  of  going  to  press  each  morning,  it  bas  long  enjoyed  a  circulation  and  reputation  essentially  European,....  _  Wellington-street  North,  Strand,  August  27,  1863  THE  CARLISLE  JOURNAL  (Established  1798)  a  most  eligible  medium  for  Advertisements  in  the  Northern  Counties,  in  which  it  chiefly  circulates.  Its  average  weekly  circulation,  as  shown  by  the  last  parliamen parliamentary  tary parliamentary  return,  is"
