text
"THE  THEATRE  OF  WAR  IN  ASIA.  The  mission  of  the  two  Turkish  armies  in  Asia  is  to  break  the  circle  of  iron  in  which  General  Woronzoff  has  for  years  been  endeavouring  to  confine  the  Caucasian  Insurrection.  Abdi  Pacha,  leaving  Erzeroum,  is  to  penetrate  into  the  valley  of  the  Rioni,  and  to  march  straight  before  him  on  Coutais,  and  from  thence  to  Tiflis.  Sehm  Pacha  is  charged  to  operate  on  the  coast  of  the  Black  Sea,  and  to  restore  to  Schamyl  his  liberty  of  action  and  of  obtaining  stores.  In  Asia,  the  frontier  territories  of  Russia  and  Turkey  divide  themselves,  in  a  military  point  of  view,  into  two  distinct  theatres  doperation.  It  is  the  high  ridge,  or  rather  con concatenation  catenation concatenation  of  ridges,  connecting  the  Caucasus  with  the  table tableland  land tableland  of  Central  Armenia,  and  dividing  the  waters  that  run  toward  the  Black  Sea  from  those  which  the  Araxes  leads  to  the  Caspian  Sea,  or  the  Euphrates  to  the  Persian  Gulf  ;  it  is  this  ridge  which  formerly  parted  Amenia  from  Pontus,  that  now  forms  the  partition  of  the  two  distinct  districts  where  the  war  is  to  be  waged.  This  range  of  abrupt  and  generally  barren  rocks,  is  traversed  by  very  few  roads—the  two  principle  of  which  are  those  from  Trebisonde  and  Batun  to  Erzeroum.  Thus  for  all  military  purposes,  the  hills  in  question  may  be  considered  as  nearly  impassable,  forcing  both  parties  to  have  distinct  corps  on  either  side,  operating  more  or  less  independently  of  each  other.  The  country  on  the  shores  of  the  Black  Sea  is  intersected  by  a  number  of  rivers  and  mountain  torrents,  which  form  as  many  military  positions  for  defence.  Both  the  Russians  and  the  Turks  have  fortified  pests  on  important  points.  In  this  generally  broken  country,  (the  valley  of  the  river  Rioni  is  the  only  .  one  which  forms  anything  like  a  plain),  a  defen defensive  sive defensive  war  might  be  carried  on  with  great  success  against  a  superior  army  (as  very  few  positions  are  liable  to  be  turned  on  the  land  side,  on  the  account  of  the  mountains),  were  it  not  for  the  co-operation  of  the  respective  fleets.  By  advanc advancing,  ing, advancing,  and,  in  case  of  need,  landing  troops,  upon  the  flank  of  the  enemy,  while  the  army  engages  him  in  front,  a  fleet  might  turn  all  these  strong  positions,  one  by  one,  and  neu neutralise,  tralise, neutralise,  if  not  destroy,  fortifications  which,  on  neither  side  of  the  frontier,  are  very  respectable.  Thus  the  possession  of  the  Black  Sea  coast  belongs  to  him  who  is  mastu  of  the  sea.  The  country  in  the  interior,  on  the  inland  side  of  the  mountains,  comprises  the  territory  in  which  the  Euphrates,  the  Araxes,  and  the  Kur  (Cyrus)  take  their  rise  ;  the  Turkish  province  of  Armenia  is  on  the  one,  the  Russian  province  of  Georgia  on  the  other  side  of  the  frontier.  This  country,  too,  is  extremely  mountainous  and  generally  im impassible  passible impassible  to  armies.  Erzeroum  on  the  part  of  the  Turks,  Tiflis  on  the  part  of  the  Russians,  may  be  said  to  be  the  two  immediate  bases  of  operations,  with  the  loss  of  which  the  possession  of  the  whole  neighbouring  country  would  be  in inevitably  evitably inevitably  lost.  Thus  the  storming  of  Erzeroum  by  the  Rus Russians  sians Russians  decided  the  Asiatic  campaign  of  1829.  But  what  is  the  immediate  basis  of  operation  for  one  party,  will  be  the  direct  object  of  operations  to  the  other.  Thus  the  roads  connecting  Tiflis  and  Erzeroum  will  be  the  lines  of  operations  for  both.  There  are  three  roads  ;  one  by  the  upper  Kur  and  Akhalzikhe,  the  other  by  the  upper  Araxes  and  Erivan,  the  third  in  the  midst  between  these  two,  across  the  mountains  by  way  of  Kars.  All  these  roads  are  :guarded  on  either  side  by  fortified  towns  and  posts,  and  it  wnnld  hp  diffimilt  to  say  which  would  bo  for  Turks  or  Russians  the  most  eligible.  Suffice  to  say  that  the  road  by  Akhalzikhe  is  the  one  which  would  lead  a  Turkish  army  most  directly  upon  the  insurgent  districts  of  the  Caucasus,  and  the  object  of  the  Russian  general  would  probably  be  to  turn  the  advance  of  the  Turks  by  a  corps  advancing  from  Batun  up  the  valley  of  the  Tchorokh  by  Otti  upon  Erzeroum  ;  the  road  from  Batun  joins  that  from  Tiflis  only  about  fifteen  miles  from  Erzeroum.  The  key  to  the  theatre  of  war  in  Asia,  and  on  either  side  of  the  hills,  then,  is  Batun;  and  considering  this  as  well  as  its  commercial  importance,  we  need  not  wonder  at  the  efforts  the  Czar  has  always  been  making  to  get  hold  of  it.  And  Batun  is  the  key  of  the  theatre  of  war—nay,  of  all  Turkey  in  Asia,  because  it  commands  the  only  passable  road  from  the  coast  to  the  interior  —a  ro•id  which  turns  all  the  Turkish  positions  in  advance  of  Erzeroum.  And  which whichever  ever whichever  of  the  two  fleets  in  the  Black  Sea  drives  the  other  back  into  its  harbours,  that  fleet  commands  Batun.  Now,  it  is  exceedingly  probable  that  Captain  Slade  (Mus (Mushaver  haver (Mushaver  Pacha)  has  only  left  with  a  division  of  steamers  to  support  the  enterprise  of  Selim  Pacha,  and  we  must  expect  to  learn  soon  that  the  eastern  coast  is  cleared  of  all  the  ob obstacles  stacles obstacles  which  the  Russians  have  taken  pleasure  in  creating.  As  soon  as  the  Turks  shall  have  done  their  duty,  we  may  be  certain  that  Schamyl  will  do  his,  as,  though  abandoned  to  his  own  resources,  he  has  for  twenty  years  successively  com combatted  batted combatted  the  most  renowned  Russian  generals.  Schamyl  was  born  in  1797.  His  beard  became  greyish  at  an  early  age,  but  his  hair  is  light,  and  his  constitution,  though  apparently  weak,  has  been  so  well  preserved  and  exercised  that  he  pos possesses  sesses possesses  almost  all  the  advantages  of  youth.  He  is  the  first  horseman,  the  first  marksman,  the  first  swimmer  of  the  Caucasus,  though  in  that  country  able  horsemen,  swimmers,  and  marksmen  abound.  But  Schamyl  is  not  only  an  excel excellent  lent excellent  general  ;  he  is  also  a  most  able  administrator.  Religion  is  in  his  hands  an  instrument  of  rule,  and  also  an  instrument  of  moralisation  and  patriotism.  Since  1834,  when  he  suc succeeded  ceeded succeeded  Chasi  Mollah,  who  died  at  his  side  at  the  breach  of  Himry,  in  an  engagement  with  the  Russians,  not  a  single  act  of  weakness  can  be  alleged  against  him.  Sober,  chaste,  active,  comparatively  emignteneci,  ne  nas  never  empioyea  tne  power  with  which  he  is  invested  for  the  satisfaction  of  his  personal  passions.  The  sect  of  which  he  is  the  chief  is  called  Muride,  and  its  object  is  to  destroy  the  schism  which  exists  between  the  followers  of  Ali,  of  Abou-Bekr,  and  Omar.  He  has  nearly  succeeded  in  the  Caucasus  ;  and  of  one  hun hundred  dred hundred  tribes,  different  by  origin,  traditions,  and,  to  a  certain  degree,  by  language,  he  has  formed  a  people  ready  to  die  for  their  faith  and  their  country.  Let  Sehm  Pacha  give  room  for  operations,  and  let  him  supply  ammunition  to  such  a  man,  and  Russia  will  soon  feel  all  the  conquests  which  during  the  last  fifty  years  she  has  made  by  cunning,  intrigue,  and  cor corruption  ruption corruption  in  Mingrelia,  Gonna,  and  Georgia,  tremble  in  her  hands,  and  then  slip  from  them  altogether.  TRICKS,  BUT  NOT  HONOURS.—  Lord  Mayor  Sidney,  in  presiding  the  other  day  at  a  meeting  of  those  very  common  people  the  Common  Council,  expressed  himself  excessively  anxious  for  the  honour  of  the  We  are  de delighted  lighted delighted  to  have  it  in  our  power  to  relieve  Lord  Sidney  from  further  solicitude,  by  entreating  him  to  cease  from  all  anx anxiety  iety anxiety  for  of  the  Corporation,  as  we  can  as assure  sure assure  himt  hat  the  alleged  cause  of  his  anxiety  does  not  exist.  —Punch.  THE  DANGERS  OF  INFANCY.—The  two  serpents  that  Hercu Hercules  les Hercules  strangled  in  his  cradle  were  a  couple  of  bottles  of  Daffy's  Elixir  and  Godfrey's  Cordial.  If  he  hadn't  killed  them,  the  would  have  killed  him.—lbid.  THE  OLDEST  LAWYER.—We  see  announced  the  Death  of  the  Oldest  How  old  he  was,  we  cannot  say--  but  we  always  thought  The  Oldest  was  what  is  properly  called  The  Nick  of  A  RBI-mum  (nv  IfEcm).  —lt  is  not  the  sharpest  blades  that  are  always  the  truest  steel.—lbid.  THE  ENGLISHALkN'S  CASTLE.  Englishman's  says  the  proverb,  is  his  Castle  and  so  it  is,  but  then  it  is  etiastle  which  is  subject  to  many  attacks  (such  as  the  house  tax,  poor  tax,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.),  and  which  requires  for  its  defence  no  end  of  shot.  The  expenses  of  its  support  are  fearful—so  much  so,  that  frequently  is  the  castle  swallowed  up  in  its  keep.—lbid.  PUNCH'S  PRIZE  JOKE  SHOW.--By  way  of  counteracting  the  attraction  of  the  Prize  Cattle  Show,  which  we  think  fosters  a  rather  questionable  taste  for  looking  upon  fatty  we  propose  to  institute  a  Prize  Joke  Show,  and  we  hope  that  the  produce  of  the  pen  of  wit,  will  be  more  satisfactory  than  the  contents  of  all  the  pens  in  the  Bazaar  of  Baker-street.  A  specimen  of  the  style  :—lf  I  want  a  —  , STYLE=superscript  yself,  why  should  I  be  foolish  to  present  a  sculp sculptor  tor sculptor  with  the  marble  fu.  0.,.  work  ?  Answer  :  Because  if  I  did,  he  would  be  sure  to  chisel  me  ow.  of  Ibid.  ABERDEEN  FOR  CHINA.  —An  English  Ambassado,  ;c,  needed  for  Canton.  We  beg  to  propose  the  EARL  or  ABER ABERDEEN.  DEEN. ABERDEEN.  Such  a  selection  would  be  a  great  compliment  to  the  Chinese,—the  noble  earl  being  very  like  a  tea-chest  ;  namely,  varnish  without,  and  lead  within.—lbid.  FLIRTING.—  (By  an  old  hand  at  it).—Flirting  is  a  most  amusing  game.  It  is  true  there  is  nothing  gained  by  it,  but  then  there  is  nothinc  , STYLE=superscript  staked.  In  fact  you  may  call  it,  ~HE  PRESENT  I'ASHION  OF  BONNETS.—A  lady  dresses  first,  and  then  puts  on  her  bonnet.  The  bonnet  is,  now,  completely  an  GREAT  THEATRICAL  EVENT.  —The  last  week  has  pro produced  duced produced  an  entirely  new—translator  !—lbid.  OF  THE  GIBBET.—A  miserable  creature  stole  a  watch  under  the  gibbet  at  the  late  hanging.  Alderman  Humphrey,  on  the  Bench,  said,  came  out  to  witness  the  execution  of  a  fellow-creature,  but  it  does  not  appear:to  have  done  you  ang  How  odd  Certainly  no  good  :  -  for  the  thief,  with  his  hand  upon  the  watch,  only  thought  of  time,  the  hangman  vainly  preaching  eternity.—lbid.  WHEN  !  —When  a  woman  listens  to  you,  she  is  criticising  yon.---Ibid  Docroß  WISEMAN.—Onbis  departure  from  Golden  Square,  the  subjoined  notice,  written  in  the  Docter's  own  hand,  was  affixed  outside  his  Gone  to  Rome  ;  will  be  back  for  mass  in  Westminster  BOARD  or  CUSTOMS.—The  Board  of  Customs  have  issued  a  noticed,  announcing  an  open  court  for  the  purpose  of  hearing  and  deciding  complaints,  and  for  investigating  matters  relating  to  the  customs's  revenue.  A  room  in  the  Custom-house  has  been  set  aport  for  the  purpose,  and  the  new  court  is  to  sit  on  Tuesdays  and  Fridays,  every  week,  when  necessary.  The  Rev.  James  C.  D'Evelyn,  Curate  of  Carrickfergus,  has  been  appointed  to  the  Perpetual  Curacy  of  East  Dean,  in  the  Diocese  of  Winchester.  A  POLITICAL  PRORLLM  SoLvro.—Why  are  diplomatic  papers  called  circular  notes  ?—They  are  called  circular,  be because  cause because  they  frequently  arrive  at  no  definite  end.—Punch.  ROYAL  AUSTRALIAN  MAIL  STEAM  NAVIGATION  COMPANY.  —The  Gazette  contains  a  formal  notice  on  the  part  of  the  Royal  Australian  Mail  Steam  Navigation  Company,  that  it  is  their  intention  to  apply  for  powers  in  next  parliament  to  enable  them  to  amalgamate  with  the  General  Screw  Steam  Navigation  Company.  DEATH  OF  THE  LATE  VICE  PROVOST  OF  ETON  COLLEGE.—  On  Monday  morning  the  Rev.  John  Septimus'  Grover,  until  within  the  last  eighteen  months  vice-provost  of  the  college,  breathed  his  last  in  London.  Mr.  Grover  had  attained  his  87th  year.  Mrs.  Caroline  Chisholm  has  arrived  in  Edinburgh,  where  she  will  remain  for  two  or  three  days,  while  making  some  arrangements  for  the  re-union  of  families  divided  by  emigra emigration.  tion. emigration.  We  understand  she  is  the  guest  of  Mr.  R.  Chambers.  4—Edinburgh  Witness,  RAILWAY  AND  OTHER  PLANS  DEPOSITED  AT  THE  BOARD  OF  TRADE.  SESSION  1854.  The  following  is  a  correct  list  of  all  the  plans,  &amp;c.,  of  rail railways,  ways, railways,  &amp;c.,  lodged  at  the  Board  of  Trade  up  to  eight  o'clock  on  Wednesday  evening,  relative  to  Bills  to  go  before  parlia parliament  ment parliament  in  the  coming  session,  1854  :"
