text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  direct  that  the  necessary  expense  should  be  paid  out  of  the  estate  to  insure  the  proper  service.  Mr.  AYRES  begged  perthission  to  ask  Mr.  Evans  if  he  did  not  consider  Bell  a  prelim:  person  to  serve  the  summons:  Mr.  EVANS  :  I  should  say  that  Bell  ought  to  have  known  how  to  act  in  the  matter.  He  is  one  of  those  persons  who  profess  to  know  everything.  (Laughter.)  The  court  then  adjourned.  It  is  stated  that  a  proposal  has  recently  been  discussed  at  the  Bank  of  France  for  making  all  their  payments,  as  far  as  possible,  in  gold,  and  refusing  to  issue  five  franc  pieces,  so  as  to  check  the  continued  exportation  of  silver:  MANCHESTER  ATIEE/EUM.  —The  Manchester  Atlienceum  had  a  narrow  escape  from  destruction  by  fire  on  Wednesday  afternoon.  The  fire  in  a  large  stove  in  the  news-room  had  ignited  the  floor,  but  some  boards  having  been  torn  up,  the  flames  were  fortunately  disbovered  in  time  to  check  their  progress.  The  Lancashire  sewing  machine,  shown  on  Wednesday  evening  at  the  Society  . STYLE=superscript  of  Arts,  is  capable  of  producing  be between  tween between  500  and  600  fine  and  strong  stitches  durinc  , STYLE=superscript  the  minute,  in  a  strait,  angular,  or  circula  r  f  orm  ,  an  d  will  a STYLE=superscript  make  any  portion  of  garments  with  the  exception  of  the  button buttonholes.  holes. buttonholes.  WAGES  AND  FOOD  IN  SOMERSETSHIRE.—III  my  OWE  parish  the  best  workmen  have  no  more  than  Bs.  per  week,  many  only  75.,  and  others  only  6s.  The  prices  in  this  parish  are  as  follows  :---Bread,  the  41b.  loaf,  Bd.  Butter  per  lb.,  Is.  Skim-milk  cheese,  3d.  Potatoes,  per  score,  is.  2d.  Bacon  per  lb.,  9d.  Rent,  per  week,  Is.  to  is  6d.  Coal  per  cwt.  at  the  wharf,  ls.  3d.—Rev.  William  Tierney  Elton,  in  the  Times.  REFORMATION  or  YOUNG  CRIMINALS.—A  conference  on  the  subject  of  the  legislative  amendments  imperatively  called  for  in  the  national  treatment  of  morally  destitute  and  criminal  has  been  convened  at  Birmingham,  by  Lords  Calthorpe,  Lyttleton,  Denbigh,  Leigh,  and  Harrowby  ;  Mr.  Gladstone,  Sir  John  Pakington,  Mr.  Adderley,  Mr.  M.  D.  Hill,  Mr.  Muntz,  Mr.  M.  Mines,  Sir  R.  Peel,  the  Lord  Mayor,  the  Mayor  of  Birmingham,  and  a  long  list  of  other  influential  names.  The  conference  is  to  take  place  at  Dee's  hotel,  on  the  Ist  of  December.  DEATH  OF  REAR  ADMIRAL  JOHN  PASCO.—Rear  Admiral  Pasco  died  at  his  residence,  Dumford-street,  Stonehouse,  Plymouth,  on  Tuesday  morning,  after  an  attack  of  English  him  off  in  three  days.  Admiral  Pasco  was  in  his  eightieth  year.  He  was  senior  lieutenant  of  the  Beaulieu,  and  served  on  shore  at  the  taking  of  St.  Lucia  in  1796.  He  was  also  the  senior  and  flag  lieutenant  of  the  Victory  at  Trafalgar,  where  he  was  wounded;  and  commander  of  the  Tartarus  during  the  operations  on  the  coast  of  America  in  1815.  A  TOWN  or  PATER.—The  paper  village,  when  made  was  temporarily  set  up  in  the  grounds  of  the  fact  ►ry.  It  con consisted  sisted consisted  of  10  houses.  It  is  not  the  simple  papier-mache,  as  ordinarily  used,  but  contains  an  admixture  of  rags  not  re reduced  duced reduced  to  pulp,  which  enables  it  to  solidify  as  hard  as  a  board.  The  walls  ate  double,  to  insure  ventilation,  and  partitions  have  a  strength  and  durability  which  will  put  to  shame  the  lath  and  plaster  mockeries  of  too  many  of  the  Loudon  houses  that  Jack  built.  It  was  found  on  trial  that  one  of  the  smaller  houses  could  be  pulled  down  and  built  up  again  in  four  hours.  —Dickens's  Household  Words.  FOREIGN  CORN.—Application  having  been  made  to  the  customs'  authorities  for  the  privilege  attaching  to  importers  of  foreign  corn  of  making  a  deposit  with  the  receiver  of  fines  at  the  custom-house,  and  of  having  corn  delivered  to  them  to  the  extent  of  20  quarters  beyond  the  quantity  on  which  the  duties  have  been  previously  paid,  and  without  waiting  for  a  post  or  second  entry  to  be  passed,  to  be  ex extended  tended extended  to  licensed  customs'  agents,  on  the  same  terms  and  under  similar  regulations  and  conditions,  they  have  declined  to  accede  to  the  request  generally,  as  being  inexpedient  and  unnecessary  ;  but  have  consented  for  the  privilege  to  be  ex extended  tended extended  to  them  in  cases  where  they  hold  the  bill  of  lading  for  the  grain  on  behalf  of  the  importers.  GRIEF  FOR  THE  Loss  OF  A  WIFE.—Mr.  William  Swal-  low,  aged  74,  a  master  shoemaker,  of  Boston-street,  Dorset Dorsetsquare,  square, Dorsetsquare,  committed  suicide.  It  appeared  that  lately  the  w  ife  of  the  deceased,  whose  age  was  72,  and  to  whom  he  had  been  married  46  years,  was  buried,  having  died  after  a  short  illness.  Since  that  event  the  deceased  had  been  in inconsolable  consolable inconsolable  for  his  loss,  and  had  frequently  exclaimed  that  he  never  should  survive  it,  for,  having  lived  with  her  so  long,  he  could  not  live  without  her.  On  Friday  morning  last,  not  making  his  appearance  as  usual,  a  lodger  in  the  house  entered  his  bed-room,  when  he  discovered  him  stiff  and  cold,  hanging  to  a  nail  in  the  wall.  SECRET  DESPATCHES.—The  Olympic  Academy  of  Vi Vicenza,  cenza, Vicenza,  having  carefully  examined  the  discovery  made  by  their  fellow-citizen  Tremeschini  of  electric  telegraph  by  secret  transmission,  has  publicly  declared  it  to  be  a  most  successful  invention.  The  results  of  the  inquiry  show  :-  Ist.  That  the  apparatus  of  Tremeschini  may  he  applied  to  Morse's  telegraph  ;  2dly.  That  when  the  despatch  is  sent  secretly,  it  can  only  be  received  so,  any  fraud  in  that  re respect  spect respect  being  subject  to  immediate  detection;  3dly.  That  secrecy  may  be  suspended  or  applied  at  pleasure.  The  re report  port report  of  the  commission  is  highly  eulogistic  of  the  inven invention.  tion. invention.  TRADE  WITH  RUSSIA.  AND  TURRET.  —ln  the  late  session  of  parliment  a  return  was  printed,  which  is  of  some  in interest  terest interest  at  the  i  present  moment  showinm  the  British  exports  JL  11.  V  y  a  3.1.1.00.4  •  .....--ftnas  b  .  •  declared  value  of  British  produce  and  manufactures  export exported  ed exported  to  Turkey  (European  and  Asiatic),  including  Walla Wallachia  chia Wallachia  and  Moldavia,  Syria,  and  Palestine,  was  £2,581,230,  and  to  Russia,  £1,289,704.  Manchester,  it  would  seem  benefited  greatly  by  Turkey.  The  cotton  manufactures  entered  by  the  yard  to  Turkey  were  of  the  declared  value  of  £1,745,189,  while  to  Russia  they  only  amounted  to  £30,257.  The  hosiery,  lace,  &amp;c.,  to  Turkey  were  of  the  value  of  £17,625,  and  to  Russia,  £18,589,  while  the  cot cotton  ton cotton  twist  and  yarn  to  Turkey  were  valued  at  £314,952  and  to  Russia,  £176,271.  _  _  The  cholera  in  Scotland  wears  a  virulent  aspect.  The  Scotsman  says,  since  our  last,  four  cases  of  cholera  have  occurred  in  this  city.  One  was  that  of  a  woman,  who  after  travelling  from  Glasgow,  had  obtained  lodgings  in  the  night  asylum,  where  she  was  seized  with  the  disease.  In  another  case  the  patient  had  come  from  Fife,  and  having  got  himself  wet,  had  dried  his  clothes  at  a  furnace  the  night  previous  to  his  attack.  This  case  proved  fatal.  In  the  third  case,  the  patient  was  removed  from  Burnett's-cl  ose  ,  Hi  g  h-  s  treet,  to  the  cholera  hospital,  where  she  died  yesterday  morning.  The  fourth  case  was  also  removed  to  the  hospital  on  Monday  or  early  yesterday.  One  case  is  also  reported  from  Leith,  and  one  from]  Kirkaldy.  The  disease  is  now  raging  with  violence  in  Forfar,  near  the  railway  station.  There  have  already  been  eight  or  nine  deaths,  and  several  more  people  are  lying  .  ill.  Not  one  of  the  parties  who  have  been  seized  has  THE  WESLEYAN  CONTROVERSY.--The  only  powers  vested  in  the  conference  by  that  deed  are-Ist.  To  meet  once  a  year,  and  sit  not  less  than  five  days,  and  not  longer  than  three  weeks,  and  after  the  first  year  to  fix  the  time  and  place  of  meeting.  2.  The  appointment  of  the  preachers  to  the  various  circuits.  3.  The  admission  into  and  expulsion  from  the  conference  of  its  own  members  and  other  associated  travelling  preachers.  4.  The  delegation  of  its  own  powers  to  one  or  more  of  its  own  members  for  particular  cases.  The  persons  appointed  are  described  as  gentlemen,  being  preachers  and  expounders  of  God's  Holy  The  term  minister  or  pastor  is  not  used.  The  conference  now  claims,  as  a  divine  right,  and  acts  upon  it,  the  power  to  admit  into  and  exclude  members  from  the  Methodist  Church,  not  only  without  the  sanction  of  the  laity,  but  in  direct  opposition  to  their  recorded  verdicts.  This  claim  is  disputed,  herein  is  the  kernel  of  the  whole  affair.  The  opponents  of  the  con conference  ference conference  appeal  to  the  New  Testament—the  conference  re refuses  fuses refuses  to  meet  them;  hence  the  agitation.—  Times.  WHAT  THE  PRICE  OF  THE  LOAF  SHOULD  M.—Supposing  the  quarter  of  wheat  to  sell  for  50s,  and  to  weigh  62  to  63  lbs.  per  bushel,  or  say  500  lbs.  per  quarter,  and  that  the  miller  and  baker's  profits  and  expenses  be  allowed  to  be  40  per  cent.  on  this  cost  of  the  wheat,  and  that  the  quarter  of  wheat  turns  out  no  more  than  its  weight  in  bread—it  has  been  calculated  to  turn  out  trom  10  to  12  per  cent.  more— moreand  and moreand  the  price  of  the  loaf  will  be-1  quarter  (500  lbs.),  at  50s,  with  40  per  cent.  expenses  mid  profits,  equal  to  70s,  and  the  41b.  loaf  will  cost  nearly  61d.  1  quarter  (500  lbs.),  at  70s,  and  40  per  cent.  profit  on  50s,  or  20s,  equal  to  90s,  and  the  4  lb.  loaf  of  best  bread  can  be  sold  for  something  over  Bd,  instead  of  12211,  as  I  see  stated  by  the  papers-70s  being,  I  believe,  about  the  average  price  of  wheat  at  present.  The  milling  and  baking  expenses  are  no  more  upon  a  quarter  of  wheat  that  costs  100  s  than  upon  a  quarter  that  costs  40s.—Correspondent  of  the  Morning  Post.  THE  PEOPLE  OF  TURKEY.—From  a  late  book  of  travels  we  compile  the  following  summary  of  the  population  of  European  Turkey  :  —Wallachia  and.  Moldavia  are  inha inhabited  bited inhabited  by  Wallachs,  or  Daco-Romans,  calling  themselves,  in  their  own  language,  Romouni,  and  all  of  the  Eastern,  or  Greek  Church.  A  few  villages  in  Epirus  a  re  i  n  h  a  bit  e  d  by  Wallachs,  some  of  whom  are  also  found  scattered  through throughout  out throughout  most  parts  of  Turkey,  chiefly  as  shepherds  and  carriers.  Bosnia,  Turkish  Croatia,  Herzegovina,  Montenegro,  are  inhabited  by  Christian  Slavonians  of  the  Greek  and  Latin  Churches,  and  Mahommedan  Slavonians.  Servia  is  en entirely  tirely entirely  inhabited  by  Christian  Slavonians  of  the  Greek  Church,  with  the  exception  of  Belgrade  and  a  few  other  gar garrisons  risons garrisons  of  Ottoman  troops.  Bulgaria  has  Christian  Sla Slavonians  vonians Slavonians  and  Mahommedan  Ottomans.  (The  Christian  Slavonians  in  Thrace  and  Macedonia  also  speak  -the  Bul Bulgarian  garian Bulgarian  dialect  of  Slavonic,  and  are  usually  called  Bulga Bulgarians.)  rians.) Bulgarians.)  Thrace  and  Constantinople  have  Christian  Slavo Slavonians,  nians, Slavonians,  Greeks,  Ottomans,  Armenians,  Jews.  Macedonia  has  Christian  Slavonians  Greeks,  Mahommedan  Otto Ottomans,  mans, Ottomans,  ditto  Slavonians,  Jews.  Albania  is  inhabited  by  Christian  and  Mahommedan  Albanians.  Epirus  (1.  e.,  Al Albania  bania Albania  south  of  the  Anocevannian  Promontory)  is  inhabited  chiefly  by  Greeks,  partly  also  by  Mahommedan  Albanians,  and  by  Mahommedan  Greeks  (i.  e.,  the  descendants  of  rene renegades  gades renegades  of  Greek  race),  Thessaly  has  Greeks,  Ottomans,  and  Jews.  Crete  is  inhabited  entirely  by  a  race  of  Greek  de descent,  scent, descent,  but  of  which  aportion  has  apostatised  to  Mahommed Mahommedanism.  anism. Mahommedanism.  The  total  population  in  round  numbers  is  about  8,500,000.  According  to  this  calculation  there  are  in  the  European  provinces  of  the  Ottoman  Empire-1.  Christians,  in  all,  6,650,000.  2.  Mahommedans,  in  all,  1,750,000,  and  Jews,  in  all,  100,000.  We  must  add  to  the  total  a  few  thousand  Zingaris,  or  Gipsies.  The  Frank  residents  in  the  European  Turkey  do  not  exceed  100,000.  By  this  term  are  meant  the  subjects  of  the  various  European  Powers  ;  lonians,  who  are  considered  as  British  subjects  ;  and  such  Greeks  as  are  subjects  of  the  kingdom  of  Greece.  There  is  great  uncertainty  about  the  question,  but  some  good  autho authorities  rities authorities  rate  the  Turks  in  Europe  as  high  as  twelve  millions,  .POLWE  - STYLE=superscript  V  COURT.  -__ESTERDAY.  LIVERPOOL.  Three  miserable  Iookino•  boys  were  charged  by  a  person  named  William  Roberts,  who  stated  that  he  had  a  brick-kiln  near  the  Sandon  dock,  with  causing  him  annoyance  and  in injury  jury injury  by  pulling  down  the  bricks  to  Make  temporary  huts  for  the  purpose  of  sleeping  in  at  night.  The  complainant  stated  that  about  a  score  of  persons  slept  there  every  night,  and  he  was  apprehensive  that  some  accident  might  occur,  and  that  some  of  them  would  be  smothered  among  the  bricks.  Mr.  Mansfield  :  I  see  no  way  of  keeping  them  away  ex except  cept except  having  a  watchman  always  there.  Unfortunately  in  a  large  town  like  this,  there  are  always  a  great  many  persons  who  have  not  the  means  df  paying  for  a  night's  lodging.  I  can  only  send  them  to  the  workhouse.  Complainant  :  I  will  bring  you  another  batch  of  their  to tomorrow.  morrow. tomorrow.  If  you  don't  keep  them  away  you  will  have  some  coroner's  inquests.  Mr.  Mansfield  :  I  suppose  they  are  all  of  an  age  to  care  of  themselves.  Robert  Bright,  a  sailor,  and  two  other  seamen,  were  charged  with  refusing  to  sail  in  the  Abeona,  after  they  had  signed  articles  with  Captain  Woodvine,  of  that  vessel.  The  seamen  demurred  to  sailing  because,  out  of  a  crew  of  33  men,  there  were  three  negroes  on  board.  They  were  ordered  to  be  committed  for  28  days  to  hard  labour.  A  seaman  was  charged  by  Police-office  658,  with  having  threatened  to  stab  a  waiter  at  Mr.  Birch's  public-house,  Williamson-square,  with  a  knife.  It  appeared  that  the  pri prisoner,  soner, prisoner,  with  a  comrade,  were  drinking  in  the  house,  along  with  two  women,  when  a  quarrel  arose,  and  one  of  them  struck  the  waiter,  who  returned  the  blow.  Prisoner  said  it  was  a  shame  to  strike  a  drunken  man,  and  he  went  outside  the  door  and  challenged  the  waiter  to  fight.  It  was  posi positively  tively positively  stated  that  he  took  out  a  knife  and  threatened  the  waiter  with  it.  The  prisoner  was  fined  40s.  PUBLICANS  AND  BEEBSELLERS.—Robert  Reynolds,  publi publican,  can, publican,  Vauxhall-road,  was  charged  with  having  two  men  coming  out  of  his  house,  and  glasses  containing  whiskey  inside,  at  ten  minutes  past,  twelve  o'clock  on  Sunday.  It  appeared  that  complaints  had  been  made  of  the  house  before.  Fined  40s.  and  costs.  Hugh  Yazackerly,  publican,  Scotland-road,  was  charged  with  having  persons  drinking  in  his  house  at  te  n  minutes  before  noon  on  Sunday.  Mr.  Bretherton  appeared  for  the  defence.  It  was  stated  that  the  defendant  refused  to  admit  the  police  officers  even  after  they  had  produced  their  warrant  cards.  Defendant  positively  denied  having  any  persons  in  his  house  at  the  time.  Fined  40s.  and  costs.  John  Whitehead,  hotel  keeper,  West  Derby-road,  was  charged  with  having  a  number  of  persons  drinking  and  dis disorderly  orderly disorderly  on  Sunday  night.  It  was  stated  on  the  part  of  the  defence  that  a  dinner  of  a  victuallers'  society  was  taking  place  there  that  night.  The  case  was  dismisied.  William  .Durant,  publican,  Redcross-street,  was  charged  with  having  his  house  open,  and  persons  there  at  two  o'clock  on  Thursday  morning.  It  did  not  appear  that  the  parties  in  the  house  were  drinking,  or  that  the  bar  was  open.  The  case  was  dismissed.  David  Irvine,  beerseller,  Boundary-street,  was  charged  with  having  several  persons  in  his  house,  with  the  appear appearances  ances appearances  of  recent  drinking,  abDut  ten  o'clock  on  Sunday  morn morning.  ing. morning.  Mr.  Owen  defended  Irvine.  Fined  40s.  and  costs.  Michael  Maconasky,  eating-housekeeper  and  beerseller,  Dundee-street,  was  charged  with  having  persons  in  his  house,  and  beer  drawn  on  the  morning  of  Sunday  the  6th  instant.  Fined  20s.  and  costs.  George  Stewart,  Hotham-street,  was  charged  with  having  28  prostitutes;and  a  number  of  gentlemen  (!)  dancing  inhis  house  in  a  ball-room  kept  by  him,  after  three  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  the  2nd  inst.  Refreshments,  such  as  champagne,  sherry,  and  other  wines,  were  supplied  by  a  person  named  Elizabeth  Grasford.  Mr.  Chilton  appeared  for  the  defence.  The  police  inspector  stated  that  all  the  women  in  the  room  were  prosti prostitutes,  tutes, prostitutes,  and  that  when  he  spoke  to  defendant  of  it,  he  said  if  he  pointed  out  the  prostitutes  he  would  turn  them  out,  to  which  witness  replied  that  if  he  did  so  he  should  turn  a  ll  th  e  women  out.  The  gentlemen  who  were  there  appeared  to  be  res respectable.  pectable. respectable.  The  inspector  stated  that  he  made  three  visits  to  the  place  in  the  course  of  the  night,  and  the  company  did  not  separate  until  after  four  o'clock.  It  was  stated  by  another  police  officer  that  there  were  at  one  part  of  the  night  60  gentlemen  in  the  room,  and  54  women  whom  he  knew  to  be  prostitutes.  On  the  part  tf  the  defence  it  was  stated  that  the  room  was  ene  generally  used  for  dancing.  and  that  the  ball  on  this  occasion  was  go  t  u  p  f  or  the  benefit  of  the  defendant,  who  did  not  own  the  room,  but  merely  took  it  for  that  occasion.  Defendant,  it  was  stated,  was  a  carver  and  gilder  by  trade,  and  having  been  in  ill-health  for  some  time,  the  ball  was  got  up  by  his  friends  for  his  benefit,  and  that  every  exertion  was  made  by  him  to  clear  the  room  after  the  inspector  came  in.  The  court  said  there  was  some  doubt  as  to  the  laws,  but  none  as  to  the  impropriety  of  assembling  together  so  many  dissolute  women.  The  case  was  dismissed.  William  Thistlewood,  beer-seller,  Edge-street,  was  charged  with  having  nine  persons  in  his  house  drinking  at  10  minutes  to  two  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  the  10th.  They  appeared  to  be  all  sober.  The  defendant  stated  that  they  were  all  bell-ringers,  and  that  they  were  celebrating  an  anniversary.  The  case  was  dismissed.  George  Shaw,  beer-seller,  Latimer-street,  was  charged  with  having  persons  drinking_ip  his  house  at  5  minutes  past  Edward  Jones,  beer-seller,  Portland-street,  on  the  morn morning  ing morning  of  the  Bth  instant,  had  four  men  and  eight  women  in  his  house,  between  four  and  five  o'clock.  Fined  10s.  and  costs.  Anthony  Gallagher,  beer-seller,  Cazeneau  street,  having  persons  drinking  in  his  house  at  half-past  ten  o'clock  on  Sunday  night,  was  fined  20s.  and  costs.  John  Croshaw,  ,  beer-seller,  Boundary-street,  .at  half-past  ten  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning,  had  persons  drinking  ale  in  his  house.  The  charge  was  admitted.  Fined  20s.  and  costs.  John  Roberts  ,  beer-seller,  Geo  rge  -  s  t  ree  t,  a  t  h  a  lf-  past  ten  o'clock  last  Sunday,  had  persons  in  his  house  drinking.  Fined  10s.  and  costs.  Genryc  Shaw,  Latimer-street,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs,  for  having  persons  drinking  in  his  house  on  Sunday  morn morning.  ing. morning.  This  was  the  second  information  against  Shaw  this  day.  John  Anderson,  beer-seller,  Tenterden-street,  was  charged  with  having  persons  drinking  ale  in  his  house,  at  twenty twentyfive  five twentyfive  minutes  past  ten  o'clock  last  Sunday  night.  Fined  10s.  and  costs.  Thomas  Davidson,  beer-seller,  with  having  persons  drinking  al  e  i  n  hi  s  h  ouse  on  Sunday  morning.  Fined  10s.  and  costs.  Charles  Foster,  beer-seller,  Lawrence-street,  having  persons  drinking  on  Sunday  morning.  Fined  10s.  and  costs.  Peter  Green,  beer-seller,  Sammy  Pope-street,  charged  with  having  persons  drinking  on  Sunday  morning,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  William  Thomas  ,  beer-seller,  Bevington-hill,  having  per persons  sons persons  drinking  on  unday  morning,  and  refusing  admittance  to  the  police,  was  fined  ss.  and  costs.  William  Shaw,  beer-seller,  Chisenhall-street,  refusing  ad admittance  mittance admittance  to  the  police,  on  Sunday  morning  last.  The  case  was  dismissed.  lames  Groves,  beer-seller,  St.  Martin-street,  having  a  a  person  drinking  in  his  house  on  Sunday  morning,  and  refusing  admittance  to  the  pole,  was  fined  10s.  and  Harriet  Guinness,  beer-seller,  Oak-street,  having  persons  drinking  on  Sunday  morning,  and  refusing  admittance  to  the  police,  was  fined  20s.  and  costs.  Patrick  Brien,  beer-seller,  Peter-street,  was  charged  with  having  internal  communication  from  his  ale-cellar  to  his  front  cellar,  which  was  let  off  as  a  separate  dwelling,  open  on  Sunday  morning,  at  half-past  ten  o'clock.  Discharged  upon  a  promise  to  brick  up  the  passage.  Patrick  Browne  '  charged  with  having  three  men  d  run  k  and  fighting  in  his  oyster  cellar,  at  half  past  one  o'clock  on  Monday  morning.  The  cellar  is  in  Hanover-street.  It  was  stated  that  when  the  police  officer  went  in,  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  was  lying  drunk  on  the  floor.  He  stated  that  the  men  in  the  cellar  were  his  two  sons,  and  son-in-law.  Defen Defendant  dant Defendant  was  discharged  with  a  caution.  STEALING  A  CASK.  —James  Deagan  was  charged  with  stealing  a  cask.  A  witness  said  that  he  saw  a  spring  cart  at  5  o'clock  on  Thursday  afternoon  in  an  entry  opposite  Mr.  Richmond's  warehouse  i  n  C  a  bl  e  -  s  t  ree  t.  Prisoner  walked  across  the  street  to  the  cart,  near  which  three  other  men  stood.  Witness  went  after  him  and  found  a  cask  in  the  cart,  the  property  of  Mr.  Richmond,  for  which  Deagan  could  not  account,  the  other  three  men  got  away.  The  cart  had  the  name  of  Michael  Deagan  upon  it.  The  prisoner  had  once  before  beets  committed  for  stealing  a  cask,  and  was  now  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprisonment.  STEALING  COPPER  NAILS.—AII  elderly  woman  named  Sarah  Wilson  and  a  boy  named  Tames  Allen  were  charged  by  officer  96,  who  found  them  on  Thursday  afternoon  coming  out  of  the  north  gate  of  the  Sandon  graving-dock  with  a  bag  containing  39.1b5.  of  copper  nails.  The  master  of  the  ship  Julius  aesar  missed  a  quantity  of  nails  of  a  similar  description  from  the  buckets.  Officer  773  saw  the  woman,  previously,  looking  about  the  vessel.  Wilson  was  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprisonment,  and  the  boy  was  remanded  that  his  parents  might  be  sent  for.  STREET  ROBBERY.—Edward  Anderson  was  charged  with  robbing  John  Green  of  nine  pounds.  Detective  officer  Sullivan  said  that  he  visited  the  prisoner's  house  in  Brooks Brooksstreet,  street, Brooksstreet,  who  denied  having  any  money.  On  searching,  he  found  concealed  under  his  bed-post,  4  sovereigns,  a  .half  sovereign,  a  sovereign,  and  one  shilling  in  silver.  Prosecutor  deposed  that  on  Thursday  evening  he  was  in  Mr.  Ford's  public-house  in  Old  Hall-street  ;  prisoner  was  there,  a  game  of  bagatelle  was  proposed,  in  which  he  joined.  He  had  upon  him  4  sovereigns  and  a  five  pound  note,  money  with  which  he  was  going  to  pay  the  rent  and  taxes  of  his  boarding-house,  5  Fulton-street.  Upon  some  question  of  wanting  finances  arising,  prosecutor  was  foolish  enough  to  show  the  money.  He  shortly  afterwards  left  the  house  and  prisoner  followed  and  joined  him  in  the  street,  when  he  induced  him  to  go  into  another  public-house,  kept  by  Mrs.  Jackson,  where  they  had  a  glass  each  for  which  prisoner  paid,  on  leaving  this  house  prisoner  bid  him  good  bye,  and  in  doing  so,  Green  fancied  that  he  came  much  closer  to  him  than  was  at  all  necessary  on  so  short  an  acquaintance,  and  the  moment  prisoner  was  gone  he  missed  the  money.  Mrs.  Jackson,  of  Great  Howard-street,  publican,  proved  that  Green  and  prisoner  were  together  in  her  house  at  the  time  stated.  Green  was  a  little  under  the  influence  of  drink,  but  not  so  much  so  as  that  he  could  not  take  care  of  himself.  She  saw  him  take  out  a  sovereign  from  a  paper  which  appeared  to  be  a  bank  note,  and  lay  it  on  the  counter  when  paying  for  the  drink.  She  told  him  to  put  it  up,  which  he  did,  into  the  paper  again,  and  returned  all  to  his  pocket.  He  then  went  out,  prisoner  following  him.  Mr.  Campbell  defended  prisoner,  and  stated  that  he  was  a  respectable  man  who  had  been  many  years  in  business.  The  magistrates  said  that  the  case  was  one  which  they  would  prefer  leaving  to  a  jury,  and  it  should  go  to  the  sessions.  They  would,  however,  take  bail,  prisoner  in  50/,  and  two  securities  of  251.  each.  A  SEDUCER  OF  YOUTEL  —Patrick  Purcell,  a  middle-aged  man,  was  charged  with  endeavouring  to  induce  youth  named  John  Fitzpatrick,  porter,  in  the  employ  of  T.  K.  Gee,  and  Co.,  Temple-court,  to  commit  a  robbery  on  his  em employers.  ployers. employers.  He  had  been  for  some  days  tempting  him,  by  saying  that  he  could  put  him  in  a  way  to  increase  his  wages,  simply  was  to  consist  in  occasionally  abstracting  a  few  pounds  of  tea  and  handing  it  to  him.  Fortunately  for  the  lad,  his  Genet  Genius  prevailed,  and  he  informed  his  em employers  ployers employers  of  the  entire  circumstance.  Detective  officers  Scott  and  Sullivan  were  put  on  the  scent,  and  they  athie€4  that  the  boy  should  appear  to  comply,  and  appoint  a  time  for  giving  the  old  rogue  some  plunder.  Accordingly,  on  Thurs Thursday,  day, Thursday,  a  parcel  of  tea  (51bs.,  the  value  of  17s.  6d.)  was  made  up  and  placed  in  readiness.  On  his  way  to  the  Albert  dock,  Fitzpatrick  encountered  prisoner,  and  the  appointment  was  made.  On  the  same  morning  Purcell  came  up  the  ware warehouse  house warehouse  stairs,  and  was  handed  the  parcel  of  tea,  for  which  he  munificently  paid  his  intended  victim  two  shillings,  nnd  on  coming  out  was  arrested  by  the  officers,  The  magistrates  said  this  was  a  very  bad  case,  and  a  vile  attempt  to  seduce  and  corrupt  thisyoung  lad.  They  should  sentence  prisoner  to  two  months'  imprisonment,  SHOP-LIFTIN  O.—Mary  Parker  and  Emma  Thompson,  two  well-looking  and  neatly-dressed  young  women,  were  charged  with  stealing  a  piece  of  6  silk  pocket  handkerchiefs,  value  Is.  6d.  each,  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Rogers,  St.  James's James'sstreet.  street. James'sstreet.  An  assistant  in  the  establishment  deposed  that  these  parties  came  in  about  half-past  three  on  Thursday  afternoon,  and  after  looking  at  some  laces,  purchased  a  piece  of  silk,  and  other  small  articles,  upon  which  they  paid  sixpence  as  a  deposit.  On  their  leaving  the  shop  he  missed  the  piece  o  f  silk  handkerchiefs;and  running  out,  found  the  prisoners  in  the  custody  of  officer  469,  who,  being  on  the  alert,  was  watch watching  ing watching  them.  Mary  Parker  dropped  the  handkerchiefs  in  the  sight  of  both  the  shopman  and  officer.  They  were  sentenced  to  one  months'  imprisonment.  ROBBERY  BY  A  FEMALE  SERVANT.—EIIen  Bradshaw  was  charged  by  Mr.  James  Thorne,  of  34,  Mount  Pleasant,  whose  servant  she  was,  with  stealing  a  variety  of  articles— articlesa  a articlesa  silver  pencil  case  and  shirt,  belonging  to  a  lodger,  a  broken  silver  tea-spoon,  tea,  sugar,  and  tobacco.  The  shirt  was  got  at  the  pawn-office  of  Mr.  Mason,  87,  Brownlow-hill,  and  the  other  articles,  with  the  ticket  of  the  shirt,  in  prisoner's  box.  She  was  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprisonment.  COMMITMENTS.  —Thomas  Shaw  and  Louisa  Shaw,  charged  with  an  extensive  robbery  in  a  lodging  house  where  they  had  been  sheltered  for  a  year  without  paying  a  farthing,  as  mentioned  in  our  last  issue,  were  again  put  forward.  No  additional  evidence  being  forthcoming,  the  female  prisoner  was  discharged,  and  Thomas  Shaw  was  ordered  to  pay  25.,  the  value  of  the  waistcoat  pledged  illegally,  30s.  fine,  or  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.  Ann  Leigh  convicted  of  stealing  a  plaid  scarf,  on  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  afternoon,  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Keeley,  22,  St.  James's James'sstreet,  street, James'sstreet,  was  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprisonment.  Mary  Byrne,  arrested  by  officers  Povey  and  M'Cullagh,  on  the  same  afternoon,  coming  out  of  Cope  and  Townshend's  shop,  in  Byrom-street,  with  46  yards  of  flannel  concealed  under  her  apron,  was  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  for  three  months.  Andrew  Campbell  was  charged  with  stealing  a  piece  of  beef  14  lbs  weight,  On  yesterday  morning,  from  the  Canning  graving-dock.  The  mate  of  the  Alcester  identified  it  as  being  stolen  from  an  open  cask  on  the  deck  of  that  vessel.  Fourteen  days'  imprisonment.  -  -  John  Doherty,  on  Thursday  afternoon,  stealing  a  piece  of  iron  from  George's  dock,  the  property  of  Mr.  Davis,  master  carter,  14  days'  imprisonment,  John  Glindon,  two  months'  imprisonment,  for  stealing  ropes  from  George's  Dock.  .  .  Sarah  Carroll,  14  days'  imprisonment,  for,  on  Thursday,  stealing  a  piece  of  beef  from  stall  64,  St.  John's  Market.  Paul  Simpson,  one  month's  imprisonment,  for  stealing  butter,  on  Thursday,  from  the  shop  of  Alice  Boardman,  18,  Montague-street.  ASSAULT  ON  A  POLICEMAN.—  William  Hill,  a  car  driver,  was  charged  with  assaulting  a  police  officer.  He  had  not  taken  his  proper  turn  on  the  St.  Anne's  Crescent  stand,  and  a  row  ensued  amongst  the  drivers.  The  officer,  who  was  in  coloured  clothes,  interfered,  and  Hill  struck  him.  Prisoner  pleaded  that  he  did  not  know  prosecutor  was  an  officer.  The  constable  said  he  knew  him  right  well.  Ordered  to  pay  2s.  6d.  fine  and  costs,  or  be  imprisoned  tor  three  days.  BRUTAL  TREATMENT  OF  A  WlFE.—Patrick  _Pigott  was  charged  with  very  savagely  ill-using  his  wife,  who  was  near  her  confinement.  An  officer  deposed  that  hearing  fe female  male female  screams  of  he  entered  the  house  from  whence  they  proceeded,  and  found  prisoner  kneeling  over  his  wife  and  brandishing  a  knife,  which  was  produced.  A  me medical  dical medical  certificate  was  handed  in  detailing  the  dangerous  results  which  might  ensue  from  the  woman's  condition.  Prisoner  was  remanded  to  this  day.  SMUGGLING.—James  Macldoeks,  a  seaman,  on  board  the  ship  Irene,  was  convicted  of  s)yiuggling  21bs.  of  foreign  ma mason,  son, mason,  of  the  value  of`  £1  Os.  10a.  - STYLE=superscript  Ire  was  lined  MANCHESTER.  ASSAULT.—Yesterday,  at  the  Salford  Town-hall,  a  man  named  Peter  Flinn  was  charged  with  having  assaulted  a  per person  son person  named  Jolly,  who  keeps  a  liquor-vaults  in  Oldfield-lane.  It  appeared  that  the  defendant  went  into  the  vaults  on  Sun Sunday  day Sunday  last  with  another  man,  when  the  landlord  refused  to  supply  him  with  any  drink.  He  then  became  insulting,  using  the  most  offensive  language,  and  ultimately  struck  the  complainant  on  the  face  and  nose.  Ordered  to  find  two  sureties  in  51.  each  to  keep  the  peace  for  three  months.  POCKET  PICKING.—Two  boys,  named  John  Tyrrell  and  Homey  Arnold  (who  has  been  frequently  in  prison  for  pookot  picking),  were  charged,  yesterday  morning,  at  the  Salford.  Town-hall,  with  picking  the  pocket  of  a  lady  while  pur purchasing  chasing purchasing  two  images  at  a  stall  in  the  fair  the  previous  even evening.  ing. evening.  Tyrrell  was  told  by  the  bench  that  he  would  be  whipped,  and  the  police  were  ordered  to  send  for  his  mother;  the  other  prisoner,  Arnold,  was  committed  to  the  Sessions.  STEALING  WATCHES.—John  Bradley  was  charged,  at  the  Salford  Town-hall,  yesterday,  with  having  stolen  a  watch,  the  property  of  a  person  from  the  country  named  Kendal.  The  prosecutor  stated  that  on  the  previous  evening  he  was  talking  to  a  woman,  when  she  made  a  grab  at  his  watch  and  took  it.  The  prisoner  and  another  man  rushed  upon  the  prosecutor,  who  had  no  doubt  that  either  the  prisoner  or  the  other  man  got  the  watch.  The  prisoner  gave  a  very  unsatisfactory  account  of  himself  at  the  police  station.  Committed  to  the  sessions.  FURIOUS  DRIVING  IN  THE  FOG.—Yesterday  at  the  city  police-court,  John  Riley,  was  charged  with  furiously  driving  a  spring  cart  while  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  in  Great  Ducie-street,  through  the  dense  fog  on  Thursday  evening.  It  was  proved  that  the  defendant  was  quite  intoxicated,  and  that  he  was  driving  in  such  a  manner  as  to  cause  great  danger  to  the  other  vehicles  in  the  street,  Mr.  Maude,  after  a  severe  reprimand,  fined  the  defendant  20s.  and  costs,  or  in  default  to  be  imprisoned  14  days.  POCKET-PICKING  IN  DEANSGATE.—At  the  Manchester  city  police-court,  yesterday,  a  lad  named  James  Barlow,  was  charged  with  picking  the  pocket  of  a  female  named  Sarah  Armitage.  On  Thursday  afternoon  a  police-officer  who  knew  the  prisoner,  watched  his  movements,  and  saw  him  follow  Mrs.  Armitage  into  a  shop  in  Deansgate,  where  he  picked  her  pocket  of  3s.  6d.,  and  on  being  taken  into  custody  and  searched,  the  money  was  found  upon  him.  Committed  to  the  sessions.  ALARMING  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  GREAT  NORTHERN  RAlL RAlLwe:sr.—An.  we:sr.—An. RAlLwe:sr.—An.  accident  of  a  very  •  alarming  and  somewhat  serious  character  occi..eed  on  Wednesday  morning,  on  th  Great  Northern  P.,iovay,  about  five  miles  south  of  Don Doncaster,  caster, Doncaster,  the  night  fast  good-strain,  from  York  and  Leeds,  consisting  of  seven  trucks,  an  engine  and  tender,  and  break breakvan,  van, breakvan,  left  Doncaster  station  between  twelve  and  one  o'clock,  being  only  a  few  minutes  behind  time,  and  had  proceeded  as  far  as  Rossington  station,  when  one  of  the  axletrees  of  the  fifth  truck,  which  was  laden  with  girders  and  coupling  irons,  suddenly  snapped  in  two,  and  threw  the  truck  across  the  down  line  of  rails.  At  the  same  instant,  and  before  any  alarm  could  possibly  be  raised,  the  night  express,  which  leaves  London  at  9.  15  p.m.,  came  up  (punctually  to  its  time)  and  dashed  into  the  dislocated  train  at  full  speed,  or  at  the  rate  of  about  forty  miles  an  hour.  The  engine  of  the  express  was  capsized  in  a  moment,  the  break-van  next  it  was  partially  smashed,  and  three  of  the  passenger-carriages  were  thrown  off  the  line.  The  greatest  alarm  and  excite excitement  ment excitement  prevailed  amongst  the  passengers,  but  fortunately  the  injuries  sustained  were  not  so  serious  as  those  generally  re resulting  sulting resulting  from  such  frightful  accidents,  or  as  might  have  been  expected  on  this  occasion.  A  guard  in  the  passenger  train,  named  Joseph  Amobelina  (not  on  duty,  but  proceeding  to  the  north),  received  an  extensive  lacerated  wound  on  the  forehead,  and  he  is  now  lying  at  lodgings  at  Doncaster.  The  engine-driver  of  the  express  had  his  top  lip  cut  and  his  knee  bruisqa  ;  three  of  the  passengers  were  rather  severely  bruised  also,  and  were  unable  to  proceed  on  their  journey  until  the  middle  of  the  day.  The  stoker  of  the  express  had  an  ex extremely  tremely extremely  narrow  escape.  He  is  a  man  of  small  stature,  and  at  the  moment  the  collision  took  place  his  h  cad  passed  un under  der under  a  bar  projecting  from  the  prostrated  goods  waggon;  had  he  been  three  inches  taller  his  head  would  have  been  knocked  off.  LONDON  AND  OXFORD  RAILWAY.—Notices  of  application  to  parliament  in  the  ensuing  session  have  been  given  for  two  new  lines  to  Oxford—one  by  the  London  and  North-Western  Company,  from  the  main  line  at  Harrow  to  Oxford,  and  the  other  by  the  Great  Western  Company,  from  the  terminus  of  the  Wycombe  uranch  at  Wycombe  to  Oxford,  being  part  of  the  line  projected  by  the  Mid-Western  Company,  which  was  rejected  by  parliament  in  the  sessions  of  1852  and  1853.  A  MIGHTY  ORGAN.—Some  interesting  experiments  have  recently  been  made  at  the  Crystal  Palace,  Sydenham,  with  respect  to  the  power  required  by  an  organ  to  fill  the  building,  anil  a  report  has  been  presented  to  the  directors  on  the  sub subject.  ject. subject.  As  the  central  transept  alone  covers  a  larger  area  than  is  occupied  by  the  cathedral  at  York,  some  idea  of  the  vast  size  and  power  of  an  instrument  which  should  be  heard  in  all  parts  of  the  building  may  be  formed.  The  committee  report  that  the  area  required  for  the  instrument  would  not  be  less  than  5,400  feet,  the  depth  of  the  organ  50  feet,  and  its  altitude  from  the  ground  140  feet.  The  cost  would  not  be  less  than  a  period  25,000  and  its  construction  would  extend  over  three  years.—Globe."
