text
"TEA  :  The  sales  to.  day  passed  off  wi  in  some  cases  at  lower  prices  , STYLE=superscript  rivatelv  es  are  cot  arrive,  the  pr  not  reported  PEPPER  :  50  bags  Singapore  black  have  been  sold'at  a  small  parcel  of  white  at7d  per  lb.  ALLEGED  MURDER  ON  THE  HIGH  SEAS.  •  CORONER'S  IxoussT.—Yesterday,  the  coroner  held  an  inquest  on  the  body  of  William  Henry  Barnes,  who  had  been  an  able  seaman  on  board  the  American  ship  Driver,  which  arrived  here  on  Friday  last  from  New  York,  and  who,  it  was  alleged,  had  been  murdered  by  Peter  Con Connolly,  nolly, Connolly,  another  sailor,  now  in  custody.  From  the  evidence  of  a  boy  named  Wchard  Cotton,  it  appeared  that  on  Tuesday  week  last,  when  off  Cape  Clear,  the  third  mate  of  the  ship  sang  out  Loose  the  and  the  prisoner  was  going  to  do  it,  but  did  not  go  quick  enough,  and  then  the  third  mate  sent  deceased  to  do  it.  Having  performed  the  duty,  the  deceased  said  to  the  prisoner,  For  two  pins  I  would  knock  your  teeth  down  your  The  prisoner  said,  Try  and  the  deceased  then  struck  him  with  his  closed  fist;  he  also  struck  him  a  second  blow,  which  knocked  his  head  against  a  water  cask.  He  also  knocked  the  prisoner  down,  and  kicked  him  in  the  face  with  all  his  might,  until  it  was  cut,  and  covered  with  blood.  The  prisoner  then  jumped  un  with  his  knife  in  his  hand,  and  made  a  stab  at  the  deceased,  at  the  same  time  saying  You  son  of  a  The  deceased  immediately  exclaimed  am  stabbed—l  am  killed,  and  shall  The  third  mate  then  ran  up,  and  asked  what  was  the  matter.  Deceased  said  Peter  had  stabbed  him,  when  the  mate  said  he  was  served  right.  In  reply  to  the  prisoner,  the  witness  said  the  third  mate  sent  him  to  loose  the  jib.  Frederick  Meines.  a  sailor  on  board  the  ship,  gave  similar,'  evidence,  and  in  addition,  he  said  that  the  deceased'  used  to  treat  the  boys  very  badly  and  harshly.  much  more:  than  he  ought  to  do,  and  that  he  heard  the  deceased  and  prisoner  quarrelling  before,  but  never  saw  any  blows  struck.  Some  other  witnesses  were  examined  to  the  same  effect,  but  the  most  important  was  that  of  Inspector  liehoe.  who  said  he  saw  the  deceased  at  the  hospital  on  Tuesday  night  last,  when  he  told  witness  he  was  dying.  Witness  then  took  down  in  writing  what  the  deceased  said,  and  read  it  over  to  him,  and  he  said  it  was  all  cor correct,  rect, correct,  and  made  his  mark  to  it.  The  surgeon  was  present.  The  statement  of  the  deceased  was  to  the  same  effect,  as  he  witnesses,  and  added  dent  oir  to  While  me  out  of  the  that  given  on  e'  that  when  he  was  lee  by  the  cabin  door,  and  called  fc  doctor,  the  doctor  was  dressing  me,  the  capt  after  part  of  the  cabin,  and  said  to  me,  1111  4 STYLE=superscript  YOU,  g----  •  -  son  of  a  -  have  you  got  another  buttonhole  in  you  ?'  I  said,  for  God's  sake,  captain,  have  mercy  on  me  until  I  get  over  this.'  Yes,'  said  he,  '  for  two  pins  I  werild  'tie  you  up,  and  flog  you  in  two  minutes.'  The  day  we  docked  I  sent  for  Peter  (the  prisoner)  to  come  down  and  see  me  ,  but  he  did  not  come.  He  is  a  Liverpool  boy,  16  or  17  years  of  age,  t  5  feet  4  inel  sbo  pockmarked.  His  pare  s  high,  round  faced,  and  is  belong  to  Liverpool.  The  captaih  wPs  me  twenty-file  dollars,  I  wish  it  to  be  sent  to  my  father,  John  P.  Barnes,  of  Bucks-port,  state  of  Mr.  Wall,  house  surgeon  of  the  Northern  Hoepital,  said  there  was  a  wound  on  the  right  side  of  the  deceased,  below  the  tenth  rib;  it  was  about  an  inch  in  length;  he  was  suffering  from  peritonitis,  and  died  on  Wednesday  morning.  Witness  made  a  post  mortem  examination  of  the  body,  and  found  the  wound  had  penetrated  into  the  abdomen,  and  produced  the  peritonitis,  which  caused  death.  The  wound  would  be  produced  by  a  knife  such  as  the  one  now  AirhihitiA  The  prisoner,  after  being  cautioned  in  the  usual  way,  said  the  deceased  kicked  and  abused  him  very  much,  and  that  he  had  two  witnesses  to  prove  it.  He  also  said  that  the  deceased  had  threatened  to  kill  him  before,  and  he  was  afraid  he  would  carry  out  that  threat.  The  Coroner  said  he  had  postponed  the  inquiry  from  the,  previous  day,  in  order  to  have  Captain  Holberton  and  the  chief  mate  present,  but  they  had  not  thought  proper  to  atten'l.  In  hi  s  op  i  n  i  on  ,  t  h  ere  was  a  ser  i  ous  charge  pending  against  the  captain  and  chief  mate,  and  yet  they  did  not  come  forward  to  meet  it.  If  the  statement  of  the  deceased  were  true,  in  reference  to  the  langur  ge  of  the  captain,  he  (the  coronet)  must  say  his  conduct  was  perf  ctly  brutal,  he  could  not  we  a  more  moderate  term  for  it.  He  then  summed  up  the  evidence,  and  left  it  to  the  jury,  whether  the  case  was  one  of  manslaughter  or  justifiable  homicide.  The  jury  at  once  found  a  verdict  of  manslaughter.  The  coroner  then  told  the  prisoner  it  became  his  duty  to  commit  him  for  trial.  He  had  no  doubt,  however,  that  if  application  were  made  in  the  proper  quarter,  and  bail  tendered,  it  would  be  accepted.  The  prisoner  was  then  committed  for  trial  at  the  assizes.  The  prisoner's  father,  a  respectable  looking  person,  was  present  during  the  enquiry.  The  prisoner  is  about  seventeen  years  old,  and  he  was  described  as  a  quiet  inoffensive  boy.  tmerican  consul  was  also  present,  as  t  h  e  d  ecease  d  was  hout  thirty  years  of  age.  an  American  citizen  He  was  POLICE  COURT.  —YESTEnDAY  (BEFORE  MR.  MAX  IV  F  LL.)  THE  EXTENSIVE  JEWFLLERY  AND  MONEY  ROBBERY.--•  Inspector  Murphy  brought  up  two  persons,  named  John  and  William  Hadfield  (brothers),  on  a  charge  of  being  concerned  in  the  robbery  of  gold  and  jewellery  belonging  to  Monsieur  Sancan,  a  French  gentleman,  who  arrived  here  last  Friday  from  New  York,  by  the  ship  Driver.  A  detailed  report  of  this  robbery  appeared  in  our  paper  of  Wednesday.  In  addition  to  the  evidence  already  given,  the  inspector  said  that  after  he  arrested  the  prisoner  Flood  (already  in  custody),  in  Manchester,  he  proceeded  to  Stockport,  where  he  secured  the  prisoner  John  Had Hadfield  field Hadfield  at  his  residence,  Bently-street,  in  that  town.  The  prisoners  now  at  the  bar,  it  appeared,  came  as  passen passengers  gers passengers  by  the  ship  Driver  from  America.  When  the  officer  arrested  John  Hadfield,  he  at  once  admitted  that  Flood  had  taken  the  box,  but  he  (the  prisoner),  at  the  time  imagined  it  was  his  (Howl's)  own  property.  He  took  it  to  a  public  house  in  Oldhall-street,  where  he  opened  it,  for  the  purpose,  as  he  said,  of  getting  a  shirt  out  of  it,  and  then  when  he  (the  prisoner),  saw  what  the  trunk  contained,  he  knew  it  sins  stolen.  On  the  other  prisoner  the  officer  found  twelve  twenty  dollar  pi!ces,  such  as  bad  been  stolen  from  M.  Sancan.  The  wife  of  William  Hadfield  delivered  him  up  £2l  in  gold,  which  she  said  her  husband  had  given  her.  The  brother-in-law  of  one  of  the  prisoners  had  also  given  up  two  ten  pound  notes,  saying  the  prisoner  had  given  them  to  him  the  night  before  to  keep.  The  prisoners,  at  the  request  of  the  inspector,  were  remanded.  ROBBERY  OF  £52.—A  young  girl  named  Anna  Wrigg,  was  charged  by  a  gentleman  nam  e  d  G  eorge  Murphy,  with  ha  ring  robbed  him  of  Eri2,  in  Clayton-square,  at  an  early  hour  on  the  pre  v  i  ous  evening.  The  story  w  '  as  shortly  this.  The  complainart  was  the  worse  for  liquor,  and  got  into  a  cab  to  go  home.  The  prisoner  forced  her  way  into  the  vehicle,  but  made  a  hasty  retreat,  when  the  complainant  missed  his  purse,  which  contained  the  sum  of  money  already  mentioned.  The  girl  who  cried  bitterly,  and  denied  the  charge,  was  remanded.  THE  CHARGE  AGAINST  A  SHOPMAN.—George  Gregor.  late  a  shopman  at  Messrs  Cook  and  Townsends,  and  his  wife,  were  again  brought  up  yesterday  on  further  charges.  Mr.  Snowball  attended  for  the  prosecution,  and  Mr.  Bluck  appeared  for  the  prisoners.  Scott,  the  detective,  who  had  the  prisoners  in  custody,  said  he  had  found  about  100  pawn  tickets,  which  related  to  goods  pledged  in  Glasgow,  Newcastle,  Manchester.  Liverpool,  and  other  places.  Several  pawn-broker's  assistants  came  forward  and  identified  the  female  prisoner,  as  the  per person  son person  who  had  pledged  goods  with  them,  a  n  d  some  of  this  property  was  identified  as  belonging  to  the  p  rosecutors.  The  prisoners  were  both  fully  committed  for  trial.  ALLEGED  ROBBERY  OF  A  WATCH  .TWO  respectable  looking  young  men,  named  Patri  c  k  an  d  Brien  M‘Grim M‘Grimness,  ness, M‘Grimness,  (brothers),  were STYLE=superscript  charged  by  a  p  erson  name  d  J  ames  Cahill,  with  stealing  his  watch.  On  the  night  of  the  18th,  the  complainant  was  in  Harrison's  public-house,  Lime-street,  between  one  and  two  o'clock.  The  prisoners  and  some  other  persons  were  at  the  counter.  The  light  was  suddenly  put  out,  and  the  complainant  was  struck  a  blow  on  the  nose,  and  his  watch  was  taken,  as  he  alleged,  by  the  prisoners.  Mr.  Bluck  appeared  for  the  prisoners,  and  in  cross-examination  of  the  prosecu prosecutor,  tor, prosecutor,  he  elicited  such  facts,  as  at  once  induced  the  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  to  discharge  the  prisoners,  at  the  same  time  saying  there  was  not  the  shadow  of  a  foundation  for  a  charge  against  them."
