text
"Ailr  0  RNIN  G  P  0  S  T  ..../  LONDON  DAILY  NEWSPAPER  1.  In  consequence  of  the  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  MORNING  POST  charges  will  be  on  the  following  reduced  and  reasonable  scale  :  2  6  0  6  1  0  Tradesman's  Advertisements,  five  lines  and  under  Every  addional  line  ..  .  .  Servants'  Advertisements,  Four  Lines  ....  A  corresponding  reduction  is  made  in  all  other  classes  of  advertisements.  For  a  series  of  Advertisements  for  the  Year,  Half-year,  or  Quarter,  contracts  may  be  made  on  a  moderate  reduction  of  the  scale  price.  As  a  medium  for  Advertisements,  the  . STYLE=superscript  MORNING  POST  offers  the  greatest  advantages  for  the  speedy  and  extensive  publicity  of  all  announcements  addressed  to  the  affluent  and  purchasing  portion  of  the  community,  especially  the  nobility,  gentry,  and  monetary  interests  of  the  country.  The  circulation  of  this  long-established  Journal,  embrace:  the  most  influential  classes  of  society—the  Political,  the  Aristocratic,  and  the  Commercial.  A  consistent  Advocate  of  Conservative  Progress,  and  Con Constitutional  stitutional Constitutional  Liberty—whilst  it  maintains  strongly  Estab Established  lished Established  Principles,  in  Church  and  State—it  constantly  seeks  out  error,  and  promotes  its  reformation.  It  contains  the  FULLEST  and  LATEST  intelligence  of  every  description,  whether  POLITICAL,  COMMERCIAL,  CLERICAL,  LEGAL,  or  FASHIONABLE,  with  all  news  relating  to  ARTS,  SCIENCES,  and  LITERATURE.  Experience  has  shown  that  the  MORNING  Posz  possesses  by  far  the  most  reliable  information  on  every  important  poli political  tical political  subject  of  the  day.  In  its  FOREIGN  INTELLIGENCE  especially,  it  has  been  distinguished  by  remarkable  rapidity,  and  by  the  accuracy  of  its  information,  derived  from  the  best  Mines.  Combining  with  its  Political  features,  ALL  THE  NEWS  or  THE  DAY,  down  to  the  latest  hour  of  going  to  Press  each  morning,  it  has  long  enjoyed  a  circulation  and  reputation  essentially  European.  Wellington-street  North,  Strand,  August  2'7,  1853.  THE  LARGEST  CIRCULATED  NEWSPAPER  IN  WALES  THE  CARNARVON  and  DENBIGH  HERALD  and  NORTH  and  SOUTH  WALES  IN INDEPENDENT,  DEPENDENT, INDEPENDENT,  price  sd,  with  SUPPLEMENT  GRATIS,  is  printed  a  t  Carnarvon  every  Friday  Evening,  in  time  for  delivery  throughout  the  country  early  on  Saturday  Morning.  The  . STYLE=superscript  '  possesses  the  largest  circulation  of  any  newspaper  printed  in  Wales  or  Cheshire  (vide  last  House  of  Commons  return),  and,  from  its  high  character  ainong  pro provincial  vincial provincial  journals,  offers  decidedly  the  best  medium  for  adver advertising  tising advertising  in  the  principality.  The  present  scale  of  charges  is  as  follows  :  1  to  2  lines,  3  lines,  6  lines,  9  lines  is  Od.  is  6d,  2s  .od,  2s  6d.  and  so  on,  sixpence  for  every  three  lines  up  to  21  (4s  6d),  afterwards  sixpence  for  every  two  additional.  lines.  When  the  advertisement  is  above  Is,  a  discount  will  be  allowed  on  these  charges  for  a  number  of  insertions  paid  for  in  cash.  Post-office  orders  to  be  made  payable  to  Japes  Rees,  pro proprietor.  prietor. proprietor.  Average  weekly  circulation  of  the  during  the  last  three  months,  above  1,700  ;  average  weekly  circulation  during  the  past  month,  2,000.  Just  published,  price  ls.  ;  by  post  16  stamps,  DEAFNESS:  its  Causes  and  Origin.  By  Mr.  S.  E.  SMITH,  38,  Princess-street,  Manchester.  Part  Ist.  Introduction,  pointing  out  the  great  danger  of  tampering  with  this  delicate  portion  of  the  human  frame.  Part  2nd.  Anatomical  descriptions,  with  observations,  Part  3rd.  The  various  .diseases  to  which  the  ear  is  liable,  and  principal  causes  of  deafness._  _  _  .  .  Sold  by  Lewis,  Market-street  ;  Heywood,  Oldham-street  Kelly  and  Slater,  Market-street,  Manchester."
