text
"COUNTY  COURT  .-YESTERDAY,  .-_ESTERDAY.  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ.,  JUDGE).  REGAN  v.  PAUL,  JORDAN,  AND  CO.—  This  was  an  action  brought  by  Edward  Regan,  shipwright,  against  Messrs.  Paul,  Jordan,  and  Co.,  master  shipwrights,  to  recovar  14s  for  two  days'  labour.  Mr.  Roby  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Martin  for  the  defence.  The  case  for  the  plaintiff  was  that  defendants'  foreman  told  him  to  go  across  to  Birkenhead  to  the  gridiron,  where  a  vessel  of  defendants'  was,  and  that  he  would  ge  t  a  j  o  b  .  Plaintiff  went  ov(tr,  an  d  the  foreman  surveyed  the  vessel  while  the  defendant  held  a  torch,  and  the  foreman  then  said  he  would  do  nothing  until  daylight  the  next  mor morning,  ning, morning,  when  he  told  plaintiff  to  be  again  in  attendance.  The  plaintiff  again  attended,  but  he  was  then  told  that  the  vessel  must  go  into  the  graving  dock,  and  therefore  his  services  were  not  needed.  Mr.  Neil,  secretary  to  the  Liverpool  Working  Shipwrights'  Association  deposed  that  according  to  the  custom  of  the  trade,  where  a  man  was  ordered  to  go  to  work  at  a  vessel  he  was  entitled  to  be  paid,  although  it  was  found  there  was  no  work  for  him  to  do.  On  the  part  of  the  defence,  it  was  con contended  tended contended  that  the  plaintiff  was  not  ordered  to  go  to  the  vessel,  but  only  went  on  speculation,  and  also  that  the  custom  of  the  trade  was  that  although  a  man  was  told  to  go  to  a  vessel,  he  was  supposed  to  take  his  chance  of  work,  and  was  not  to  be  paid  if  there  was  no  work  for  him  to  do.  His  Honour  said  it  seemed  to  be  proved  that,  if  a  man  were  ordered  down  to  a  vessel,  on  the  gridiron,  and  did  any  work  whatever,  of  the  slightest  degree,  he  was  entitled  to  be  paid  for  the  time.  Both  parties  appeared  to  agree  to  that.  Whether  a  man  who  was  ordered  down  to  the  gridiron,  and  did  no  work  at  all  was  entitled  to  be  paid,  was  left  still  in  great  doubt.  It  was  said  by  Mr.  Neil  that  he  was,  and  Mr.  Neil  had  considerable  experience.  Mr.  Jordan  was  of  opinion  he  was  not  :  his  Honour  said  he  did  not  intend  to  decide  this  case  upon  that  ground  at  all,  because  he  was  not  satisfied  of  the  existence  of  any  such  custom,  and  he,  therefore,  fell  back  upon  the  general  principle  of  the  law,  that,  if  one  party  told  another  he  would  want  him  for  certain  business,  and  the  other  went  to  attend  to  that  business,  the  party  ought  to  pay  him  for  the  value  of  the  time  during  which  he  had  prevented  him  from  engaging  himself  profitably  in  another  place.  That  was  the  general  principle  of  the  law  ;  and,  therefore,  being  guided  by  that  principle,  and  deciding  this  case  upon  it,  he  thought  he  should  properly  give  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  7s,  being  the  one  tide  for  which  he  was  ordered  in  the  first  place  to  Birkenhead,  and  afterwards  directed  by  the  foreman  to  go  down  to  Prince's-dock.  POLICE  COURT  .-__v  ESTERDAY,  (BEFORE  MR.  H.  FIORNBY.)  STREET  ROBBERY.—A  young  woman,  named  Eliza Elizabeth  beth Elizabeth  Jones,  was  charged  by  Jane  Oldfield,  who  said  she  was  in  London-road  on  Saturday  night,  when  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  seized  on,  knocked  her  down,  and  ran  off  with  her  shawl.  Officer  509  corroborated  the  statement,  and  the  defence  set  up  was  drunkenness.  The  prisoner  was  committed  for  a  month.  BREAKING  INTO  A  YARD.  —A  young  man,  named  Robert  Downey,  was  charged  with  breaking  into  Mr.  D.  Fitz Fitzpatrick's  patrick's Fitzpatrick's  shipwrights'  yard,  in  Kitchen-street.  Officer  740  heard  a  noise  in  the  yard  about  half-past  eleven  o'clock  on  Sunday  night,  and  after  some  time  be  heard  some  one  ask  for  a  key;  the  door  was  then  partially  opened,  and  the  constable  got  in,  and  he  found  three  persons  in  the  act  of  removing  property  ;  he  seized  the  prisoner,  but  the  other  two  persons  escaped.  Mr.  Fitzpatrick  proved  that  the  property  belonged  to  him,  and  to  be  worth  £4O.  The  prisoner  was  remanded  for  a  week.  Rom  CA.sn.—A  young  woman,  named  Jane  Williams,  a  waitress  at  the  public  house  of  Mr.  James  Hillyard,  Harrington-street,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  rum,  the  property  of  her  employer.  On  Sunday  evening  she  was  drunk,  and  as  some  rum  had  been  missed,  suspicion  fell  upon  her,  and  on  her  box  being  searched  three  bottles  of  rum  were  found.  She  said  a  young  man  gave  her  the  rum.  The  prisoner  was  remanded.  I  IA  REAL  Goon  BARGAIN  !—A  young  man,  named  Chas.  Williams,  a  well  known  horse  in  town,  was  charged  by  John  Woods,  a  farmer  and  horse  dealer,  residing  at  Kirby,  with  having  cheated  him  out  of  £11),  The  complainant  said  he  purchased  a  horse  at  Lucas's,  on  Saturday,  where  he  met  the  prisoner.  After  paying  for  the  horse,  the•  went  to  the  Pheasant  Inn,  Queen Queensquare,  square, Queensquare,  to  put  the  horse  up.  In  the  stable  was  another  horse,  to  which  the  complainant  (Woods)  took  a  great  fancy,  sating,  I  wish  I  had  that  horse  instead  of  the  one  I've  you  wish  to  have  that  horse  l  enquired  the  prisoner.  I  do  very  he  replied,  and  would  give  a  good  sum  to  boot  with  this  know  the  owner  of  that  said  the  prisoner,  and  will  get  you  a  real  good  bargain  of  and  out  he  went.  Presently  he  returned  with  the  alleged  owner.  After  sundry  glasses  of  whiskey,  and  a  good  deal  of  a  bargain  was  struck,  and  Woods  agreed  to  give  £lO  and  his  own  nag  for  that  in  the  stable.  He  handed  over  the  money  to  the  prisoner,  who  handed  it  to  the  other  man,  and  then  the  prisoner  said,  Now,  Mr.  Wood's,  go  and  take  your  horse—he's  a  real  good  bar 'bargain.'  He  went  to  take  the  animal,  and  was  about  leaving  the  yard  with  him,  when  the  real  owner  came,  r.nd  was  about  to  give  the  complainant  into  custody  on  a  charge  of  attempting  to  steal  the  horse,  until  he  dis discovered  covered discovered  how  the  affair  stood.  Finding  he  was  done  the  complainant  informed  the  police,  who  succeeded  in  catching  the  prisoner,  but  his  confederate  had  Mr.  Clough  informed  the  bench  that  there  was  a  chance  of  catching  the  other  fellow.  The  prisoner  said  the  man  was  a  respectable  —a  highly  res respectable  pectable respectable  gentleman,  indeed.  He  would  know  that  very  respectable  fat  gentleman  again.  The  prisoner  was  remanded,  to  make  inquiry  for  the  other  very  respectable  gentleman.  PROMOTIONS  IN  THE  CIVIL  SERVICE.—Customs—Mr.  El  ias  Arnaud,  assistant  -controller-general,  has  been  pro prom  m prom  oted  to  be  controller-general  in  London.—Civil  Service  Ga  tette.  THE  BURNOPFIELD  MURDER.—As  the  adjourned  inquest  held  on  Thursday,  in  B  urnopfield,  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  murder  azainst  the  two  men,  Cain  and  Rayne.  A  pardon  has  been  offered  to  any  unlicensed  pawnbroker  who  will  produce  the  watch  of  the  deceased  gentleman,  Mr.  Sterling.  ST.  ANNE'S  DISPENSARY  AND  EYE  AND  EAR  INSTITUTION,  9,  Rose-hill,—New  Patients  entered  on  the  books  last  week,  viz.,  January  12  :—Relieved  at  the  institution,  139  ;  relieved  at  their  own  dwellings,  78  ;  total,  217.  Visitors  :  R.  p.  Manger  and  G.  H.  Garratt,  &amp;qrs.  Hon.  See.  and  Treasurer,  Joseph  Kitchen,  Esq.  Mr.  Rogers  has  left  several  volumes—it  is  said  five—of  Memoirs.  These  are  in  the  hands  of  the  poet's  executor  and  publisher,  Mr.  Moxon,  and  may  be  given  to  the  read reading  ing reading  world  without  much  loss  of  time,  if  that  'gentleman  )  shall  please—the  volumes  being  in  the  state  familiarly  known  as  ready  for  the  —Athenoum.  THE  NEW  PEER.—The  Gazette  of  Friday  night  notifies  that  the  Queen  has  been  pleased  to  direct  letters  patent  to  be  passed  under  the  Great  Seal,  granting  the  di  .inity  of  a  Baron  of  the  United  Kingdom  of  Great  Britain  and  Irclard,  unto  the  Right  Hon.  Sir  James  Parke,  Knt,  late  one  of  the  Barons  of  her  Majesty's  Court  of  Exchequer,  for  the  term  of  his  natural  life,  by  the  name,  style,  and  title  of  Baron  Wensleydale,  of  Wensleydale,  in  the  North  Riding  of  the  county  of  York.  LIVERPOOL  ROYAL  INFIRMARY,  January  12,  1856.  Admitted—ln-patients,  40  •  out-patients,  3  ;  casuals  during  the  last  week,  5.  Discharged—ln-patients  :  cured,  6  ;  relieved,  and  at  own  request,  4  ;  made  out-patients,  10  ;  irregular,  3  ;  dead,  2  ;  remain  in  the  house,  172.  House  Visitors  —Hugh  Perkins,  and  Charles  Freer,  Esqrs.  Physician  and  Su  , STYLE=superscript  geon  for  ensuing  week  —Dr.  Turn Turnbull  bull Turnbull  and  Mr.  Long.  House  Surgeons,  Mr.  G.  B.  Halford  and  Mr.  C.  Webster.  Chaplain—Rev.  H.  J.  Garrod,  B.A.  Robert  Hutchison,  Esq.,  Treasurer.  THE  ROBBERIES  OF  WINES  AND  SPIRITS  AT  BRISTOL.--  The  prisoners  charged  with  having  been  concerned  in  the  late  extensive  robberies  of  wines  and  spirits,  from  Mr.  A.  Phillip's  bonded  stores,  in  Bristol,  came  on  before  the  Recorder  (her  Majesty's  Attorney  -general),  Sir  A.  Cock Cockburn,  burn, Cockburn,  on  Thursday.  The  first  prisoner,  Stephen  Bendall,  was  charged  upon  four  indictments  with  having  feloniously  received  various  parcels  of  brandy  and  wine,  the  property  of  Alfred  Phillips,  well  knowing  the  same  to  have  been  stolen.  The  jury  found  the  prisoner  guilty,  and  he  was  sentenced  to  eighteen  month's  imprisonment,  with  hard  labour.  George  Davis,  the  Custom  -house  locker,  was  convicted  of  having  stolen  severals  lots  of  brandy  and  wine,  of  the  goods  and  chattels  of  Alfred  Phillips.  The  prisoner  having  been  found  guilty,  the  learned  Recorder  sentenced  him  to  two  years'  imprisonment,  with  hard  labour.  Au  investigation  is  still  going  on  by  the  Custom Customhouse  house Customhouse  authorities,  and  it  is  understood  that  a  number  of  t  N  .  LEL  T  L  h  I  s  EN  c  C  a  E  u  .  s  —  e  S  o  C  a  O  na  r  V  o  .  n  Tll  in  E  CO  vi  O  O  r  P  ,  officers  have  been  suspend  e  d.  N  e  on  Saturday.  It  w  as  a  su  it  i  nstituted  by  the  L STYLE=superscript  s  L  a  n  A STYLE=superscript  r  n  t  w STYLE=superscript  r  s  o  Court,oi  plaintiff,  a  contractor,  against  the  corporation  of  Liverpool  for  an  account  of  certain  works  which  he  had  executed  for  the  corporation,  and  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining  payment  of  the  money  owing  to  him  in  respect  of  such  works.  To  this  suit  the  engineer  of  the  corporation,  Mr.  Hawkesley,  was  made  a  party,  and  it  was  alleged  against  him  by  the  bill  that  he  had  improperly  withheld  his  certificate  of  the  execu execucution  cution execucution  of  the  works,  whereby  tho  plaintiff  had  lost  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  sum  of  money.  The  cause  now  came  on  for  argument  upon  a  demurrer  put  in  by  Mr.  Hawkesley,  for  whom  it  was  contended  that  he  was  not  a  necessary  or  proper  party  to  the  suit,  and  in  support  of  the  demurrer  it  was  shown  that  a  clause  had  been  inserted  in  the  original  contract  between  plaintiff  and  defendants,  nEder  which  it  was  stipuleed  that  Mr.  Hawkesley  should  on  no  occasion  be  made  a  part:'  to  any  suit,  action,  or  other  legal  '  proceeding  in  respect  of  the  works  then  stipulated  to  be  performed.  The  Vice-Chancellor  was  of  opinion  that  thero  was  nothing  in  the  terms  of  the  contract  which  could  pre preclude  clude preclude  the  plaintiff  from  making  Mr.  Hawkesley  a  party  to  this  suit,  he  should  therefore  overrule  the  demurrer,  MIMI%eP  THE  INFIRMARY  FOR  CHILDREN  The  fifth  annual  meeting  of  the  friends  and  supporters  of  this  institution  was  held  yesterday,  al  the  Common  Nall  , STYLE=superscript  Philadelphia  Chambers,  Hackin's  Hey.  Mr.  M.  Greggol  , STYLE=superscript  the  president  of  the  society,  occupied  the  chair.  There  was  a  very  good  attendance  of  the  members  and  friends  of  the  institution,  which  has  been  established  only  about  five  year!  and  has  not  much  obtruded  itself  upon  the  public,  though  it  has  the  following  important  objects  in  view  :—To  provide  medical  treatment  and  medicines  for  the  children  o  f  the  poor;  to  promote  the  advancement  of  the  medical  science  with  reference  to  the  diseases  incidental  to  infancy;  to  diffuse  among  the  poorer  classes  a  better  acquiintAnco  with  the  management  of  young  children  during  sicknos!"
