text
"r.  Edwards  moved  as  at  report,  wbich  rt._,  of  salary,  should  be  taken  into  consideration  that  day  sir  „months.  He  felt  quite  that  £6O  per  annum  was  sufficient  for  the  ser--'  - STYLE=superscript  ai  he  had  nothing  to  do  only  walk  about.  Mr.  Roberts  seconded  the  amendment  dated  to  the  inere  performed,  Mr.  Shaw  denied  that  the  superintendent  had  but  little  to  do,  as  his  time  was  fully  occupied  with  the  weighing  machine,  which  he  could  not  leave.  Mr.  Lunt  :  Did  not  Mr.  Wensley  move  that  the  salary salaryshould  should salaryshould  remain  as  it  was?  The  Chairman  :  That  took  place  is  committee,  and  cannot  be  answered  here  Mr.  Shaw  :  I  will  answer  it.  Mr.  Wensley  was  for  having  the  salary  £7O,  Mr.  Kirkus  £75,  and  Mr.  Whitby  £BO  ;  aud  r  as  none  of  those  gentlemen  would  give  way  r  the  subject  ;via  referred  to  the  board.  After  some  further  conversation,  in  the  course  of  which  it  was  considered  that  no  harm  could  arise  from  receiving  the  report,  Mr.  Edwards  withdrew  his  amendment,  and  the  report  NOTICE  OF  MOTION.  Mr.  Harrison  then  gave  notice  that,  the  next  meeting  of  ntendent's  salary  be  the  board,  he  should  move  th  incr:-ased  to  £BO.  On  that  (  reason  for  submitting  thatproposition  THE  CORRESPONDENCE  ved  bT  k,  which  chiefly  consisted  of  [fence  r,  the  board:durin  letters  of  intruction  and  admonitions  from  the  poor  law  board,  One,  relative  to  some  trifling  inaccuracies  by  Mr.  Bees,  the  poor  law  auditor,  in  some  books  kept  by  the  master  of  the  past  v  workhouse,  which,  it  appeared,  had  been  explained,as  arising  from  inadvertency  on  hia  part,  but  the  fact  was,  the  blame,  if  any,  rested  with  the  clerk,  Mr.  Kennedy.  THE  APPOINTMENT  OP'  AN  ASSISTANT  SCHOOLMISTRESS.  On  the  motion  of  Mr.  S:iaw,  'seconded  by  Mr.  Harrison,  Miss  Harriet  Bishop  was  elected  an  assistant  schooolunstress,  at  n  salary  of  £1.5  per  annum.  IMPORTANT  TO,  LETI  ER  CARRIERS.  At  the  morning  sittings  before  Mr.  Mansfield  at  the  Police-court  yesterday,  Mr.  J.  G.  Bates,  the  chief  super superintendent  intendent superintendent  and  inspector  of  letter  carriers,  appeared  to  charge  a  man,  named  Thomas  Stevenson,  late  a  letter  carrier  in  the  General  Post  Office,  under  the  Ist  Vic.,  chap.  36,  section  7,  for  wilfully  detaining  letters  which  had  been  entrusted  to  him  for  delivery.  The  penalty  for  this  offence  is  201  or  three  month's  imprisonment,  accord according  ing according  to  the  discre!ion  of  the  magistrates.  Mr.  Chilton  .appeared  for  the  defendant.  It  appeared  that  the  defendant  had  been  employed  in  the  delivery  of  letters  in  the  Monnt  Pleasant  district,  and  from  time  to  time  complaints  had  been  made  of  irregular  deliveries  there.  Mr.  Bates  was  accordingly  on  the  look  out  to  discover  how  the  default  arose.  On  the  Ist  inst.,  the  defendant  absented  himself,  without  leave,  from  his  duty,  and  Mr.  Bates  went  in  search  of  him.  He  found  him  in  the  evening  in  bed,  at  his  lodging,  in  a  state  of  intoxication.  He  asked  him  ifi  he  had  delivered  all  his  letters  safely?  and  he  replied  he  had.  Not  being  satisfied,  Mr.  Bates  searched  the  prisoner's  coat,  and  found  in  the  pockets  four  letters  which  ought  to  have  been  delivered  early  that  morning.  The  man  was  then  suspended,  and  subsequently  dismissed,  and  an  order  Caine  from  London  to  prosecute  him  under  the  act.  Mr.  Chilton,  for  the  defendant,  said  he  pleaded  guilty,  and  hoped  the  court  would  deal  leniently  with  him.  Mr.  Mansfield  said  the  office  of  letter-carrier  was,  one  of  the  greatest  importance  to  the  public,  and,  therefore,  the'  men  should  be  ,particu ,particularly  larly ,particularly  cautious  in  the  discharge  of  their  duties.  In  this  case  the  man  had  been  already  dismissed,  which  was  punishment,  and  he  trusted  it  would  prove  a  warning  to  all  other  persons  engaged  as  letter-carriers.  He  inflicted  a  fine  of  2/  and  costs,  or  in  defatilt  of  payment,  three  months  imprisonment.  TRADE  REPORT.  -WEDNESDAY.  COTTON  There  has  been  an  active  demand  for  Cotton  to-day,  the  trade  and  exporters  having  operated  liberally,  and  holders,  although  offering  in  quantity,  are  firm  in  their  demands,  and  prices'  again  favour  the  seller,  making  an  advance  of  about  r  ld  per  lb  ainee  Friday.  The  sales,  includ including  ing including  100  Pernambuco,  611;  80  Bahia,  611  '  •  300  Maranham,  511  to  6id  ;  500  Egyp  t  i  an  ,  52i  to  61d  :  2,000  Surat,  311  to  4.1-d  ;  are  reported  15,000  bales,  of  which  5,000  are  on  speculation  and  for  export.  Pro  InoN  :  Our  markets  for  warrants  closed  at  76s  9i  to  77s  cash;  three  months,  open,  buyers  77s  6d,  with  a  better  enquiry,  but  few  sellers.  TALLOW  advancing.  52s  paid  for  January  and  March.  There  is  also  some  demand  f,r  consumption  at  last.  March  to  April,  555;  April  to  June,  63s  6d.  The  Market  continues  extremely  quiet,  the  sales  being  confined  to  50  cases  white  Bahia  at  28s,  and  250  boxes  white  Havana  at  31s  per  cwt,  both  in  bond.  MOLASSES  RUM,  and  COFFEE  :  No  transactions  to  report.  RICE  :  There  seems  no  disposition  to  purchase.  GUM  GEDDA  :  At  the  auctions  this  morning,  200  bags,  with  all  faults,  sold  at  17s  to  19s.  .  SUGAR  SAGO  FLOUR  :  130  bags  sold  at  25s  to  25i  3d  per  cwt.  CLOVES  :  100  bags  sold  at  4id  to  5d  per  lb.  LOG  WOOD:  180  tons  Campeachy  sold  at  £8  5s  to  £8  7s  6d.  FUSTIC  :  60  tons  Curacoa  sold  at  £.5  7s  61  to  £5  lOs  per  ton.  CASTOR  OIL  :  50  eases  taken  at  6icl  per  lb.  THE  HONOURS  OF  THE  SHRIEVA.LTY.  —The  present  sheriffi  of  London,  Mr.  Alderman  Kennedy,  and  Mr.  Alderman  Rose,  are  in  danger  of  incarceration,  like  their  predecessors  in  office  (Messrs.  Evans  and  Wheelton),  who  were  kept  in  durance  yile,,for  a  b  reac  h  of  the  privileges  of  the  House  of  Commons,  some  years  since.  The  present  sheriffs,  in  their  capacity  of  sheriff  of  Middlesex,  have  come,  under  the  purview  of  the  Court  of  Ch  . STYLE=superscript  ancery,  for  we  see  that  on  Tuesday  Mr.  Keene  applied  for  special  leave  to  serve  a  notice  of  motion  for  Thursday,  to  commit  the  sheriff  of  Middlesex,  the  under  sheriff,  and  his  officers,  for  a  contempt  he  stated,  has  levied  an  execution  on  r,)perty  and  eff  In  the  •  F  PARTN  EMIT  IP  ra  ty"
