text
"THE  BEDFORD-ROW  ASSASSINATION,  The  prisoner  Westron,  since  his  incarceration  in  the  House  of  Detention,  conducts  himself  as  if  he  really  believed  he  had  only  committed  some  very  trivial  escapade,  instead  of  a  most  cold-blooded  and  atrocious  murder.  On  Friday  morning  he  called  for  writing  materials  in  his  cell,  and  wrote  the  following  letter  to  Inspector  Checkley,  who  has  charge  of  the  case,  respect respecting  ing respecting  the  property  found  on  him  when  searched  at  the  police-station  '  after  heing  taken  into  cus  t  o  dy  ;  on  t  h  e  morning  of  the  murder:—  should  feel  much  Obliged  by  your  delivering  up  (if  not  against  the  usual  routine  adopted  in  such  cases),  the  keys  given  up  by  me,  and  give  them  to  Mrs.  Nicholls,  or  any  person  she  may  appoint,  The  watch  and  money  I  am  desirous  of  having  myself,  or  if  the  watch  is  not  allowed,  it  may  be  given  to  Mrs.  Nicholls  to  keep  at  present.—Sir,  yours  obediently,  .  CHARLES  WESTRON.  the  Inspector  who  took  charge  of  Charles  Westron  yesterday  This  is  the  landlady  at  Kensington  with  whom  he  lodged,  and  the  letter  is  written  in  a  bold  firm  hand,  showing  that  he  had  had  a  respectable  education.  Inspector  Checkley  searched  his  lodgings  the  same  d  iy,  and  found  a  s.nall  cigar•box  containing  twelve  or  four fourteen  teen fourteen  new  bullets  and  a  bullet-mould,  all  fitting  exactly  to  the  pistols  which  were  taken  from  him.  It  appears  that  on  the  day  before  the  murder,  when  he  had  been  dodging  Mr.  Waugh  near  Notting-hill  gate,  the  unfortu unfortunate  nate unfortunate  gentleman,  being  about  to  enter  an  omnibus  for  town  with  his  daughter,  directed  the  attention  of  the  policeman  at  the  place  to  the  prisoner,  saying  that  he  was  bound  over  to  keep  the  peace  towards  him  (the  deceased),  and  that  he  would  do  him  a  mischief  if  an  opportunity  presented  itself.  The  prisoner  then  went  away.  GAIN!  THE  NORTH  TIMES  he  gas  quest  As  to  quantity,  we  know  all  about  it.  We  are  dependent  on  the  length  of  a  tube  inside  the  meter,  which  it  is  illegal  to  open.  As  to  price  :  That  remains  to  be  decided  by  a  variety  of  conditions,  of  which  the  payment  of  a  ten  per  cent  divi dividend  dend dividend  comes  first.  As  to  waste  :  Shall  we  say  forty-five  per  cent  ?  No!  we  have  some  conscience—it  is  only  forty.  As  to  quality  :  Is  every  consumer  to  have  his  photometer  with  his  candelabrum  of  eighteen  to  twenty-four  candles  at  one  end,  and  a  well  constructed  bat's-wing  barrier,  with;  jet  of  gas,  at  the  other—with  a  decimal  calculation  in  an  algebraic  formula  every  night,  which  would  bother  Dr.  Pusey  himself  ?  As  to  the  present  system,  it  is  doomed  if  you  folio  w  it  up.  Its  overt  crow  will  be  an  advantage,  as  the  magistrates,  who  are  now  gas  directors,  may  return  to  the  bench  with  relieved  conscience  , STYLE=superscript  ,  worry,  with  fines,  the  needy  shop shopkeerers  keerers shopkeerers  who  have  the  same  vague  notions  as  the  quantity,  price,  and  quality,  in  dealing  with  their  neighbours.--I  am,  sir,  yours,  &amp;c.,  Ex  Fumo  DARE  LUCEM.  Liverpool,  Jan.  19,  1856.  POLICE  NEGLECT  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THB  NORTHERN  TIMES.  Sir,—T  trust  you  will  excuse  the  liberty  lam  taking,  but  I  am  sure  you  will  consider  it  palliated,  when  I  make  public  the  following  facts.  I  was  returning  last  evening  from  seeing  the  Pantomime,  at  the  Theatre  Royal,  when  I  was  rudely  insulted  by  two  ruffians  in  Lime-street,  one  of  whom  struck  me  a  severe  blow  on  the  head,  which  almost  stunned  me.  Pcalled  loudly  and,  repeatedly,  far  the  police,  but  not  one  was  to  be  found.  I  went  up  Elliot Elliotstreet,  street, Elliotstreet,  Great  Charlotte-street,  and  Ranelagh-street,  but  the  same  ill-success  met  my  efforts.  I  consider  it  is  becoming  a  scandalous  disgrace  to  those  who  have  to  do  with  the  police  force,  to  allow  the  m  en  t  o  b  e  i  n  so  wretched  ••  •  a  state  of  discipline.  We  pay  for  police  a  rate  which  ought  surely  to  warrant  protection  to  our  persons,  but  I  might  have  been  robbed,  and  half  killed,  before  a  member  of  the  force  would  have  rescued  me.  I  hope  you  will  give  this  publicity,  and  expose  the  want  of  attention  and  care carefulness.  fulness. carefulness.  If  any  thing  ridiculously  trivial  is  taking  place,  then  half-a-dozen  police  are  present,  but  only  let  it  be  a  serious  matter,  and  you  may  be  certain,  that  even  a  soli solitary  tary solitary  constable  will  be  non  est  inventa  s.—Yours,  &amp;c.,  A  TOWNSMAN.  Liverpool,  January  17,  1856.  EXTRAORDINARY  DISAPPEARANCE  OF  A  GOVERNMENT  OFFICIAL.  A  great  sensation  has  been  created  at  the  Office  of  Works  by  the  disappearance  of  one  of  the  principal  officials  tinder  very  distressing  circumstances.  It  appears  that  the  individual  in  question  left  the  office  on  Monday  evening,  about  six  o'clock,  and  arrived  at  home  at  ten,  and  left  his  h  ouse  aga  i  n  at  two  o'clo  c  k  i  n  t  h  e  morning,  from  which  time,  to  the  present,  no  trace  of  him  has  been  entertained.  A  letter  was  received  by  his  mother  without  date  or  address,  merely  stating  that  he  was  well,  but  without  giving  any  clue  to  his  whereabouts,  or  his  reason  for  absenting  himself.  From  the  statements  of  his  friends,  it  appears  that  he  has  for  sometime  been  in  a  very  excited  and  nervous  state,  and  they  aro  very  apprehensive  that  his  mind  has  become  affected.  On  the  same  day  that  he  left,  a  clerk  in  the  Office  of  Woods  and  Forests,  there  is  every  reason  to  believe,  destroyed  himself,  and  this  painful  occurrence  may  probably  have  operated  prejudicially  on  the  mind  of  the  gentleman  in  question,  already,  perhaps,  in  a  diseased  state.  As  it  is,  the  police  throughout  the  kingdom  are  using  every  exertion  to  find  out  what  has  become  of  him.  We  understand  t  accent  the  offic,  of  as.  rig  decline  r  Pt  antjudge  of  th  eon  appointed.  iesex  sessio  v,  Q  C.,1  •  W.  E.  Baiter,  Esti,  M.P.  for  the  Montrose  district  of  Burghs,  has  been  requested  by  Lord  Palmerston  to  second  the  address  to  her  Majesty  at  the  opening  of  Parliament,  which  he  has  consented  to  do.—Arorth,  British  Had.  Tun  CRAWFORD  PEERAGE.  —We  understand  a  claim  for  this  title  is  about  to  be  made  by  an  intelligent  farmer  in  this  neighbourhood,  who  says  he  possesses  documentary  evidence  of  his  undoubted  affinity  to  the  noble  house  of  Lindsay.  _  An  eminent  Edinburgh  lawyer  is  t  o  t  a  k  e  the  which  tit  At  Derry  a  Good  and  f  it  appea  Strah  wh  YARN  Since  last  reps  continued  ste  peace,  prices  Itaie  to-day  assumed  a  BROWN  LINENS  IN  COUNTRY  Ballymena  mar►--•  ''  the  impr  suited  fir  Hol  lower  Nos.  th  Supply  rof  cloth  v  d  - STYLE=superscript  demand  cintinnes_  with  wird  tendencN  demand  Ef  last  week  Spot  , STYLE=superscript  ly,  a  f  BRITISH  AND  FOREIGN  MARKETS.  —Flax  and  Tow.—  At  Dundee  there  is  more  doing  in  flax,  and  holders  are  generally  willing  to  sell,  but  do  not  press  sales.  Con Consumers  sumers Consumers  buy  very  cautiously,  and  only  for  immediate  wants.  Prices  fairly  supported.  Riga  HT,  sold  at  £3B  lOs  per  ton  ;  Petersburg,  8-heads,  £37  15s  to  £3B  lOs  ;  Memel  Wilna  Crowu,  £46.  At  auction,  a  small  quantity  sold  at  £32  for  RT;  £36  DC  ;  £3B  PRT,  &amp;0.,  not  cash.  Tow  still  without  animation,  aad  trabsactions  so  trifling  that  prices  are  almost  nominal.  Arrivals  of  the  week,  225  tons  flax  and  codilla.  At  Hull  a  very  trifling  business  is  doing,  and  sellers  are  more  inclined  to  meet  buyers  in  prices.  Arrivals  of  the  week,  384  tons  flax  and  tow.  The  total  exports  through  Prussian  ports,  for  1855  were—from  Memel,  47,000  tons  flax,  and  890  tons  tow  and  codilla;  from  Konigsberg  and  Br'insberg,  7,800  tons  flax,  and  635  tons  codilla.  Stocks  at  Konigsberg,  on  I  at  400  tons  flax,  and  80  the  31st  I)ecemb  tons  cadilla  Dundee,  and  in  som  the  promotion  Ireland,  was  h  fast.  On  the  ply  has  f  being  ful  on  Frid  as  been  or  of  the  preceding  eight  'year  n  i  yarn  s  in  better  request  at  large  bus  i  ness  has  been  done.  ne  sorts  of  tow  yarns  still  dull.  nd  th  119,X  11:1  is,  Be?-  rid  other  re  sup-  to  hope  uns  year  will  show  a  gra grat:fving  t:fving grat:fving  improvement.  The  report  or  the  committee  of  the  society  contains  a'highly  valuable  amount  of  information  ;  it  shows,  in  the  clearest  manner,  the  numerous-advantages.  of  extending  the  culture  of  A.  crop  so  peculiarly  suited  to  our  soil  :  and  WA  speech  devote  a  la  'e  mad  I  yield  :iIRMINC  al  ct  I  vv  of  the  iro  n  trade  .  yesterday,  for  the  r  jected  adyann.  are  now  all  T STYLE=superscript  Western  ft  tion  was  agreed  - STYLE=superscript  upon:-  the  course  adopted  by  t  to  these  charges,  and  tl  communicate  with  •b  any  time  be'rnad  dei)uta  other  officials  of  the  North  Western,  at  the  place,  In  the  co  urse  of  the  discussion  which  took  place,  Huish  expressed  an  opinion  to  the  effect  tnat  he  had  ner  approved  the  charge  of  lld  per  ton  for  conveyance  ;  bu,  with  regard  to  the  other  charges  he  was  not  prepared  to  make  any  statement  whatever.  I  upon  (  JOSEPH  HATDN.  —This  learned  and  excellent  man,  whose  case  we  so  recently  noticed,  expired  on  Thursday  evening  last  ;  and  the  government  by  this  event  will  save  the  further  payment  of  the  munificent  (!)  pension  of  Is  4  i  1 STYLE=superscript  ,4  per  diem,  which  they  had  just  granted  him.  UNIVERSITY  OF  CAAIRR,DGE  ELECTION.--At  an  tnflucn tnflucntial  tial tnflucntial  meetini,  held  on  Saturday  morning,  at  Cambridge,  of  members  of  the  Senate,  it  was  announced  that  Mr.  Wel,  pole  had  consanted  to  be  put  in  uominatioo  as  a  caadidate  to  represent  the  University,  to  the  great  satisfaction  of  hit(  friends,  who  entertain  no  doubt  of  his  success.  The  Hot.  George  Denman  has  had  a  meeting  of  his  friends,  and  he  also  been  put  in  nomination  for  the  University.  The  municipal  authorities  of  Strasburg  have  within  the  last  few  days  placed  at  the  disposal  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  town,  a  fountain  supplied  with  hot  water  coming  from  the  steam  engine  of  the  tobacco  manufactory.  The  water  runs  into  a  large  reservoir,  which  is  divided  into  two  com compartments,  partments, compartments,  from  one  of  which  persons  can  take  the  water  and  carry  it  to  their  houses  for  domestic  purposes,  and  the  other  is  so  arranged  that  a  certain  number  of  women  can  wash  - STYLE=superscript  their  linen  hi  it.  •  The  establishment  of  this'  washing-place  was  agreed  on  Qnn•in  •  -  ie  tobacco  1.  I  rk  urne4  rt  simitar  t  generally  follow.;A.  ing  of  prop  at  the  corn  Divett.  Esn  tors  hp  loud  c  classe  calmly  (lid  no  Dn,  she  wasver  by  the  Is  sd  _  ;  3  tons"
