text
"HARRISON  BROTHERS,  WHOLESALE  AND  RETAIL  DRAPERS,  SILK  MERCERS,  AND  FURNISHING  UNDERTAKERS,  60  and  62  CHURCH-STREE7;  (Corner  of  Ifanover-Street)  N.  B.—Fixed  Prices  marked  in  plain  figures.  TERMS-045a  ON  OR  BEFORE  DELIVERY.  MORNING  P  0  S  T  LONDON  DAILY  NEWSPAPER  In  consequence  of  the  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  MORNING  POST  charges  will  be  on  the  following  reduced  and  reasonable  scale  :  s.  d,  Tradesman's  Advertisements,  five  lines  and  under  ....  2  6  Every  addional  line  Servants'  Advertisements,  Four  Lines  :  _  1  0  A  corresponding  reduction  is  made  in  all  other  classes  of  advertisements.  For  a  series  of  Advertisements  for  the  Year,  Half-year,  or  Quarter,  contracts  may  be  made  on  a  moderate  reduction  of  the  scale  price.  As  a  medium  for  Advertisements,  the  MORNING  POST  offers  the  greatest  advantages  for  the  speedy  and  extensive  publicity  of  all  announcements  addressed  to  the  affluent  and  purchasing  portion  of  the  community,  especially  the  nobility,  gentry,'  and  monetary  interests  of  the  country.  The  circulation  of  this  long-established  Journal,  embraces  the  most  influential  classes  of  society—the  Political,  the  Aristocratic,  and  the  Commercial,  A  consistent  Advocate  of  Conservative  Progress,  and  Con Constitutional  stitutional Constitutional  Liberty—whilst  it  maintains  strongly  Estab Established  lished Established  Principles,  in  Church  and  State—it  constantly  seeks  out  error,  and  promotes  its  reformation.  It  contains  the  FULLEST  and  LATEST  intelligence  of  every  description,  whether  POLITICAL,  COMMERCIAL,  CLERICAL,  LEGAL,  or  FASHIONABLE,  with  all  news  relating  to  ARTS,  SCIENCES,  and  LITERATURE,  Experience  has  shown  that  the  MORNING  POST  possesses  by  far  the  most  reliable  information  on  every  important  poli political  tical political  subject  of  the  day.  In  its  FOREIGN  INTELLIGENCE  especially,  it  has  been  distinguished  by  remarkable  rapidly,  and  by  the  accuracy  of  its  information,  derived  from  the  best  soureeg.  Combining  with  its  Political  features,  ALL  THE  Nuws  or  THE  DAY,  down  to  the  latest  hour  of  going  to  press  each  morning,  it  has  long  enjoyed  a  circulation  and  reputation  essentially  European.  Wellington-street  North,  Strand,  August  27,  1853.  IMPORTANT  TO  ADVERTISERS  IN  IRELAND.  The  most  widely-circulated  3-day  journal  in  Ireland  is  rp  HE  NORTHERN  WHlG,Published  in  B  e  lf  as  t  k  The  latest  Government  stamp  returns  show  that  The  Northern  maintains  a  high  pre-eminence  over  the  entire  provincial  press  of  Ireland,  and  that  only  one  metropolitan  3-day  journal  equals  it  in  circulation.  As  an  Advertising  medium  it  consequently  offers  advantages  which  few  Irish  journals  can  afford.  The  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  duty  has  caused  the  adoption  of  a  new  and  very  much  reduced  scale  of  charges--  viz  :  Under  10  lines  (or  76  words)  2s.  Od.  Every  additional  1ine.....  ..........  Os.  4d.  With  a  large  redaction  for  second  and  subsequent  insertions.  Contracts  for  Advertising  by  the  year,  half-year,  and  quarter,  will  be  taken  on  the  lowest  terms  compatible  with  the  extensive  and  valuable  publicity  afforded  by  its  large  and  influential  circulation.  To  London,  Liverpool,  and  Manchester  advertisers  in  particular,  it  offers  especial  advantages,  by  bringing  their  announcements  under  the  notice  of  so  enterprising  and  large  a  section  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  The  Northern  contains  the  fullest  and  most  accurate  intelligence  on  all  subjects,  and  a  peculiar  system  of  market  prices  of  every  description  of  produce,  which  will  be  found  of  essential  importance  to  merchants  and  traders.  The  Northern  is  published  every  TUESDAY,  THURSDAY,  and  SATURDAY,  with  a  supplement  on  Saturday,  at  the  office,  6,  Calender-street,  Belfast.  Yearly  subscription,  £2  10s.  ;  half-yearly,  £1  ss.  ;  quarterly,  12s.  6d.,  payable  in  . STYLE=superscript  advance.  All  oommunications  to  be  addressed  to  the  Proprietors,  FRANCIS  D.  FINLAY  and  SON.—Belfast,  September,  1863.  IVORTH  AND  EAST  LANCASHIRE.—For  11  ADVERTISING  in  this  portion  of  the  County  of  Lancaster  the  most  eligible  medium  is  the  PRESTON  GUARDIAN.  The  last  parliamentary.  returns  show  that  The  GUARDIAN  circulates  ..  5,0T9  copies  weekly.  The  paper  next  in  circulation  pub publishedin  lishedin publishedin  North  or  East  Lancashire..l,2ll  ditto.  Charges  for  advertising:  four  lines,  or  thirty  words,  ls.  6d.,  prepaid  ;  eight  lines,  or  sixty  words,  2s.  prepaid.  No  adver advertisements  tisements advertisements  on  credit  under  2s.  6d.  each.  QTJARTERLY  CONTRACT  CHARGES.  13  insertions  2  lines  13  ditto  4  lines  13  ditto  6  lines  13  ditto  8  lines  l9s.  do.  •  13  ditto  10  lines  13  ditto  12  lines..  •  Remittances,  £1  and  under,  may  be  made  in  ,  postage  stamps  ;  above  that  sum  by  post-office  order,  payable  to  J.  and  W.  Livesey.  The  Guardian  is  published  every  Saturday  morning,  m  time  for  dispatch  by  the  early  mails.  —  Office,  8,  Cheapside,  Market-place,  Preston.  r  HE  NORTH  WALES  CHRONICLE  AND  ADVERTISER  FOR  THE  PRINCIPALITY,  published  at  Bangor  every  Friday  evening  in  time  for  the  early  .  posts,  and  extensively  circulated  every  Saturday  morning  throughout  the  six  northern  counties,  in  Cardigan  shire,  and  in  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland,  is  the  bes  medium  for  the  publication  of  Advertisements.  Offensive  medical  advertisements  are  excluded  from  its  columns.  The  charges  for  advertisements  are—Two  lines,  Is  ;  three  lines  is  6d  ;  six  lines,  2s  ;  nine  lines,  2s  6d  ;  twelve  lines,  3s;  fifteen  lines,  3s  6d;  eighteen  lines,  4s  ;  twenty-one  lines,  4s  6d;  and  6d  for  every  two  lines  additional.  The  NORTH  'WALES'  CHRONICLE  has  recently  been  very  greatly  enlarged  and  improved.  Orders  and  advertisements  are  respectfully  solicited  by  AUGUSTUS  ROBERT  'MARTIN,  Proprietor.  To  whom  all  bank  and  post-office  orders  should  be  made  payable.  Agent  for  Liverpool  :  Wrmuott  MARTIN,  6,  Castle-street.  THE  LARGEST  CIRCULATED  NEWSPAPER  IA  WALES.  M  HE  CARNARVON  and  DENBIGH  HERALD  and  NORTH  and  SOUTH  WALES  IN INDEPENDENT,  DEPENDENT, INDEPENDENT,  price  sd,  with  SUPPLEMENT  GRATIS,  is  printed  a  t  Carnarvon  every  Friday  Evening,  in  time  for  delivery  throughout  the  country  early  on  Saturday  Morning.  The  possesses  the  largest  circulation  of  any  newspaper  printed  m  Wales  or  Cheshire  (vide  last  House  of  Commons  return),  and,  from  its  high  character  among  pro provincial  vincial provincial  journals,  offers  decidedly  the  best  medium  for  adver advertising  tising advertising  in  the  principality.  The  present  scale  of  charges  is  as  follows  :-  1  to  2  lines  3  lines  is  6d.  •  6  1ine5......  9  lines  ..  .2s  6d.  and  so  on,  sixpence  for  every  three  lines  up  to  21  (4s  6d),  afterwards  sixpence  for  every  two  additional  lines.  When  the  advertisement  is  above  ls,  a  discount  will  be  allowed  on  these  charges  for  a  number  of  insertions  paid  for  in  cash.  Post-office  orders  to  be  made  payable  to  James  Rees,  pro proprietor.  prietor. proprietor.  Average  weekly  circulation  of  the  during  the  last  three  months,  above  1,700  ;  average  weekly  circulation  during  the  past  month,  2,000.  Agent  for  Liverpool,  Mr.  HENRY  GREENWOOD,  Advertising  Office,  16,  Canning Canningplace.  place. Canningplace.  THE  CARLISLE  JOURNAL  (Established  1798)  a  most  eligible  medium  for  Advertisements  in  the  Northern  Counties,  in  which  it  chiefly  circulates.  Its  average  weekly  circulation,  as  shown  by  the  last  parliamen parliamentary  tary parliamentary  return,  is  3,230  COPIES  WEEKLY;  which  is  nearly  three  times  greater  than  that  of  the  next  newspaper  in  Cumberland,  and  considerably  larger  than  the  united  circulation  of  all  the  other  papers  in  the  county.  SCALE  OF  CHARGES  FOR  ADVERTISEMENTS.  Lines.  Charge.  Lines.  Charge.  Ito  3  1  0  24  to  25  .  6  6  4  to  5  6to  7  2  0  28  to  29  7  6  Bto  9  10  to  11  12  to  13  14  to  15  ..  ......  4  0  36  to  37  ...  9  6  16  to  17  4  6  38  to  39  ....  .....  10  0  18  to  19  5  0  40  to  41  ..  .  10  6  20  to  21  ..  ..  5  6  •42t0  43  22  to  23  And  so  on,  adding  sixpence  for  every  additional  two  lines.  Estimates  forwarded  on  application  for  Advertisements  requiring  frequent  repetition.  The  Carlisle  Journal  is  published  early  every  Friday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  by  Messrs.  J,  and  R.  STEEL,  3,  English-street,  to  whom  all  orders  and  advertisements  must  be  addressed.  MARKING  CONVICTS.—A  resolution  has  been  in  troduced  into  the  Kentucky  Legislature,  which  provide  s  that  the  keeper  of  the  Penitentiary  shall  procure  a  suitablo  chemical  dye,  such  as  will  stain  the  cuticle  or  outer  surface  of  the  skin  perfectly  black,  so  that  it  cannot  be  washed  off,  or  in  any  way  removed  until  time  shall  wear  it  away,  and  nature  furnish  a  new  cuticle  or  surface  ;  and  that  with  this  dye  he  shall  have  the  nose  of  each  male  convict  painted  thoroughly  black,  and  renew  the  application  as  often  as  it  may  be  necessary  to  keep  it  so,  until  within  one  month  of  the  expiration  of  his  sentence,  when  it  shall  be  discontinued,  for  the  purpose  of  permitting  nature  to  restore  the  feature  to  its  original  hue,  preparatory  to  the  second  advent  of  its  owner  into  the  world.—New  York  Journal  of  Commerce.  ROYAL  MARlNES.—Lieutenant  Snow,  1  sergeant,  1  corporal,  and  25  privates,  of  the  Woolwich  division  of  Royal  Marines,  left  their  barracks  shortly  after  one  o'clock  yesterday,  and  were  played  by  the  band  of  the  division  to  the  Dockyard  North-Kent STYLE=superscript  Railway  station  for  conveyance  by  railway  to  Stroud,  en  rouet  to  join  the  Juno  (26)  at  Ch  a  tham,  for  service  on  th  e  Australian  and  New  Zealand  station.  ELOPEMENT.—The  Perth  Advertiser  gives  the  following  particulars  of  the  late  elopement  in  Perthshire  :--  elopement  took  place  at  Murthly  on  Wednesday  the  sth  inst.•  The  young  lady  is  the  daughter  of  Mr.  Lynch,  who  has  had  Murthly  Castle  on  lease  for  some  time  past,.  and  •  the  young  Lochinvar  '  is  said  to  be  an  Ensign  Chisholm.  who  was  smitten  with  her  charms  at  a  ball  in  the  County  Buildings,  Perth,  about  twelve  months  ago.  The  report  is,  that  the  Ensign  paid  his  addresses  to  the  lady  with.  the  ap approbation  probation approbation  of  her  parents,  and  that  the  course  of  true  love'  ran  smooth,  until  it  came  to  the  critical  point  of  'marriage  settlement.'  But  the  lady  was  willing,  it  appears,  though.  her  Lothario  was  poor  ;  and  so,  on  the  sth  instant,  the  en ensign  sign ensign  went  up  from  Perth  with  a  coach  and  four,  and  earned  her  FAREWELL  ADDRESS  OF  MRS.  CRISHOLM.-011  Monday  evening  a  meeting  of  intended  emigrants  and  their  Mends  assembled  at  the  rooms  of  the  Unitarian  Domestic  Mission,  in  Spicer-street,  Spitalfields,  to  hear  a  farewell  addreis.  from  Mrs.  Chisholm  previous  to  her  daparture  for  Australia,  on  the  conclusion  of  her  mission  to  promote  emigration  from  the  'United  Biugdom•  ,  •  P1_TB00169 A  BEAUTIFUL  Selection  of  AUTUMN  and  WINTER  BONNETS,  In  the  choicest  Parisian  Styles  of  the  most  fashionable  Materials,  will  be  displayed  in  the  SHOW  ROOMS  AT  COMPTON-HOUSE,  THIS  DAY  (Thursday).  JEFFERY,  MORRISH,  AND  CO.,  CHURCH-STREET.  THE  STEAM-SHIP  G  D  N  A  Gir;.  E,  tv  -%  FOR  AUSTRALIA.  -  Is  now  ON  \ STYLE=superscript  VIEW  •in  the  HUSKISSON  DOCK;  She  is  largest  and  most  magnificently  fitted  steam steamshi  shi steamshi  in  the  world.—For  Cards  of  Admission  apply  to  MILLERS  &amp;  'THOMPSON,  ,  4,  Drury-lane,  Liverpool.  HOUSE  AGENTS  HAVING  PREMISES  TO  LET'  OR  -SELL  SHOULD"
