text
"THE  GOLDEN  AGE.-THE  POST-OFFICE.  The  Times  city  article  contains  the  following  letter  :  Liverpool,  Nov.  26.  Sir,—ln  the  money  article  of  an  evening  paper,  we  have  observed  the  following  remark  :  It  is  considered  somewhat  strange  that  the  owners  of  the  Golden  Age  should  have  de declined  clined declined  to  take  letters  to  Australia  at  the  customary  rate  allowed  by  the  post-office,  because  the  immense  number  that  would  have  Teen  sent  must  have  paid  them,  as  it  did  the  Great  Britain,  far  better  than  the  £l,OOO  granted  to  con contract  tract contract  vessels.'  probably  are  aware  that  the  post-office  authorities  have  heretofore  claimed  the  right  to  speculate  on  mails  sent  by  private  ships,  of  whatever  nation,  paying  for  the  service  performed  2d.  on  each  letter,  and  charging  for  the  same  Bd.,  or  a  profit  of  300  per  cent.  This  demand  on  the  part  of  the  Post-office  was  esisted  by  the  owners  of  the  Golden  Age,  but  the  same  time  a  tender  was  made  to  take  the  mails  for  one-half  of  the  amonnt  of  postage  charged  by  the  Post-office,  fairly  concluding  that  a  profit  of  100  per  cent.  was  sufficient  for  the  simple  receiving  and  delivering  the  mails.  This  proposition  was  declined,  and  an  offer  made  by  the  post-office  department  of  151.  per  ton  measurement  for  any  mails  the  Golden  Age  would  receive  from  it,  being  the  amount  charged  and  paid  by  shippers  of  ordinary  merchan merchandise  dise merchandise  by  the  steamer.  This  the  owners,  of  course,  declined.  Yet,  desirous  of  accommodating  the  public,  they  again  ten tendered  dered tendered  the  ship  for  conveyance  of  the  mails  for  the  sum  usually  paid  to  sailing  vessels  for  the  same  service  —viz.,  1,0001.  This  the  department  also  declined,  and  there  was  no  alternative  for  the  owners  of  the  steamer  but  to  decline  receiving  mails  from  the  post-office  altogether  ;  but  at  the  same  time,  with  a  liberality  worthy  of  praise,  they  offered  to  receive  letters  and  papers  on  board  the  steamer,  and  con convey  vey convey  them  free  of  charge  to  Australia  for  any  one  who  would  take  the  trouble  to  send  them  to  the  ship.  The  statement  as  to  the  large  sums  received  by  the  Great  Britain  for  carrying  letters  is  altogether  erroneous,  as  the  entire  amount  for  letters  and  newspapers,  at  the  miser miserably  ably miserably  low  rate  paid  by  the  post-office  department,  was  only  911.  7s.  6d.  Further  comment  is  unnecessary.  are,  sir,  your  obedient  servants,  ‘-‘  DEANE,  YOULE,  and  Co.,  Consignees  of  the  steamer  Golden  die  413.ERCR0.7118Y  WARD.  DINNER  TO  MR.  EARLE.  A  public  dinner  of  the  constituents  and  supporters  of  Mr.  Earle,  took  place  last  night,  to  celebrate  the  return  of  that  gentleman  to  the  town  council  as  one  of  the  representatives  of  the  Abercromby  ward.  The  entertainment  took  place  at  Mr.  Craig's,  Mulberry-street.  The  viands  and  wines  were  of  the  most  excellent  quality,  and  reflected  much  credit  upon  the  host.  Between  and  sixty  seventy  gentlemen  sat  down  to  table.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  GEORGE  MAXWELL,  Esq.,  and  WILLIAM  HANNAH,  Esq.,  61.  D.,  officiated  as  vice-chair vice-chairman.  man. vice-chairman.  The  cloth  having  been  removed  and  grace  said,  The  CHAIRMAN  gave  the  toast  of  The  which  was  drunk  with  all  the  honours  and  with  a  full  chorus  of  the  national  anthem,  led  by  Mr.  Wylie.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  gave  Prince  Albert,  and  the  other  branches  of  the  Royal  which  was  duly  honoured.  The  next  toast  was  Her  Majesty's  which  the  chairman  introduced  by  an  eulogium  upon  the  present  cabinet,  and  in  particular  upon  Mr.  Gladstone  and  Mr.  Card Cardwell.  well. Cardwell.  _  _  The  toast  was  drunk  amid  enthusiastic  applause.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  rose  and  said  :  Mr.  Vice-chairman  and  gentlemen,  this  is  really  and  positively  the  toast  of  the  evening.  It  is  the  health  of  my  respected  friend,  our  guest  here,  Mr.  Earle.  (Loud  applause.  Gentlemen,  Mr.  Earle  has  resided  so  long  among  us,  he  is  so  regularly  an  Aber Abercromby  cromby Abercromby  ward  man,  and  his  public  and  private  conduct  for  so  long  a  period  of  time  have  been  so  well  known,  that  it  would  almost  be  a  work  of  supererogation  of  me  to  enlarge  upon  his  high  qualities.  He  has  before  this  occupied  a  place  in  the  town  council;  he  has  held  the  highest  office,  that  of  chief  magistrate  of  this  great  commu community,  nity, community,  and  I  am  sure  that  we  are  extremely  for fortunate  tunate fortunate  in  having  him  for  our  representative.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  cheers).  I  think  our  thanks  are  eminently  due  to  Mr.  Earle,  for  allowing  himself  to  be  nominated  when  we  did  nominate  him.  (Hear,  hear.)  And,  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  as  I  had  the  honour  of  accompanying  the  deputation  which  waited  upon  Mr.  Earle,  it  would  be  unfair  of  me  if  I  did  not  state  that  the  consent  was  given  voluntarily  by  him.  There  was  no  calculation  ;  the  probability  of  a  doubt  never  seemed  to  enter  his  mind  ;  he  willingly,  cordially,  and  unreservedly  put  himself  into  the  hands  of  his  fellow fellowcitizens.  citizens. fellowcitizens.  (Cheers.)  Gentlemen,  we  fought  for  him  a  noble  tight.  (Cheers.)  When  I  looked  back  at  what  took  place  in  this  ward  only  a  week  before,  and  when  I  reflected  on  what  we  had  seen  of  the  strongholds,  and  of  the  almost  in invincible  vincible invincible  character  of  the  corruptionists  on  the  other  side,  I  did  entertain  a  fear  that,  even  with  the  best  intentions  and  most  honest  zeal,  we  would  scarcely  be  able  to  attain  our  object.  But  when  I  saw  the  determined  manner,  when  I  saw  from  what  class  it  came,  and  when  I  saw  the  shoulders  put  to  the  wheel,  I  soon  came  to  feel  a  very  strong  convic conviction  tion conviction  that  we  wouldlbe  where  we  are.  (Cheers.)  Gentle Gentlemen  men Gentlemen  I  hope  while  we  honour  Mr.  Earle,  and  while  we  are  proud  to  have  him  as  our  representative,  that  the  election  will  read  a  moral  to  the  wards  of  Liverpool.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  has  again  surprised  me,  when  I  look  to  what  has  been  the  conduct  of  many  since  the  municipal  reform  bill.  They  seemed  to  have  a  doubt  upon  their  minds  as  to  what  part  they  should  take,  they  seemed  to  be  wavering,  which  I  have  sometimes  attributed  to  men  really  being  careless,  and  not  looking  to  the  consequences  of  municipal  office.  They  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  them  to  be  matters  of  no  consequence.  Gentle Gentlemen,  men, Gentlemen,  they  are  matters  of  the  highest  consequence.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  are  not  only  matters  of  high  local  importance  to  each  community,  as  regards  its  good  municipal  government,  and  as  regards  the  state  of  their  funds,  the  necessity  of  having  them  properly  attended  to,  and  pro properly  perly properly  disbursed  and  accounted  for.  But,  in  my  mind,  mu municipal  nicipal municipal  honours  are  the  stepping  stones  to  parliamentary  honours  ;  and  I  think  that  many  municipal  electors  take  a  very  narrow  view  indeed  of  the  responsibility  with  which  they  are  armed  in  the  exercise  of  their  suffrage  (hear,  hear.)  I  am  quite  sure  that  if  many  had  resisted  the  temptations  which  we  knew,  in  many  wards,  had  been  offered  to  them,  and  successfully  offered  to  them,  and  had  considered  the  conseq  uences  which  they  were  entailing  upon  their  families  and  upon  the  town  at  large,  by  sending  a  class  of  men  to  the  town  council  who,  we  know,  have  occupied  seats  there,  things  would  be  very  different.  Gentlemen,  as  I  have  said  before,  we  cannot  think  too  highly  of  Mr.  Earle,  in  coming  so  fairly,  and  candidly,  and  readily  forward  to  second  our  views.  We  have  been  successful,  and  we  have  been  success successful  ful successful  upon  pure  and  proper  principles  (hear.)  I  heard  it  stated,  and  upon  the  best  authority,  among  our  opponents  —  made  no  effort  to  keep  Mr.  Earle  I  said— 'said'  Don't  tell  me  anything  of  the  kind.  I  was  at  the  booth  all  day,  and  you  never  fought  an  election  with  more  deter determination  mination determination  to  keep  him  (cries  of  hear,  hear  ?  and  cheers.)  Gentlemen,  the  honour  is  not  the  less  for  having  been  hard  fought  (cheers.)  I  shall  detain  you  no  further  than  to  wish  that  we  may  all  long  enjoy  the  honest,  zealous,  independent,  and  fearless  services  of  our  representative,  Mr.  Earle  (loud  and  prolonged  applause.)  Mr.  EARLE  rose  to  return  thanks,  and  was  received  with  enthusiastic  bursts  of  cheering.  Ie  said  :  Gentlemen,  I  speak  the  truth  from  the  bottom  of  my  heart,  when  I  tell  you  that  your  reception  of  me  is  perfectly  overwhelming;  I  thank  you,  I  feel  extremely  obliged  to  you  for  the  friendly  compliment  you  have  paid  me,  in  inviting  me  to  meet  you  at  dinner  here  to-day,  and  I  have  great  pleasure  in  meeting  you  upon  this  occasion.  I  thank  my  excellent  friend,  our  worthy  chairman,  for  the  kind  manner  in  which  he  has  pro proposed  posed proposed  my  health,  although  I  am  perfectly  unconscious  of  deserving  the  eulogium  which  he  has  chosen  to  pass  upon  me,  and  which  I  know  he  has  done  from  a  friendly  feeling  towards  me  as  a  friend.  (No,  no.)  I  thank  you,  gentlemen,  also,  for  the  manner  in  which  you  have  testified  your  appro approbation  bation approbation  of  the  toast.  I  have  become  a  member  of  the  town towncouncil  council towncouncil  most  unexpectedly  to  my  mind  ;  I  never  dreamed  of  such  a  thing.  I  have  been  returned  by  your  unsolicited  efforts,  and  you  did  not  exact  any  pledge  from  me.  (Hear,  hear.)  Nothing  could  possibly  be  more  gratifying  to  me  than  these  circumstances.  lam  perfectly  alive  to  the  responsibility  of  the  situation  in  which  you  have  placed  me,  and  I  am  determined  to  discharge  the  duties  zealously  and  fearlessly.  (Cheers.)  Gentlemen,  I  may  not  always  agree  with  you  in  matters  ;  but  I  will  say  this  that  if  I  feel  there  is  any  measure  which  I  feel  bound  to  advocate,  and  that  I  feel  conscientiously  I  am  doing  .  an  act  which  is  beneficial  to  the  community  at  large,  nothing  shall  tempt  me  to  swerve  from  the  duty.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  cheers.)  I  should  sincerely  regret  differing  with  you  in  opinion  ;  but  having  taken  up  that  line  of  conduct,  I  would  not  court  your  favour  by  doing  what  would  be  dishonourable  to  myself.  You  are  all  aware  that  I  and  some  of  my  colleagues  lost  our  former  seats  in  the  council  from  having  pursued  that  conduct.  Our  places  were  filled  by  some  individuals  who  did  not  hesitate  to  make  you  promises,  and  thought  it  no  dishonour  to  break  those  promises  the  very  instant  they  had  obtained  what  they  desired.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  cheers.)  I  scorn  such  conduct—(renewed  cheers)—and  I  shall  never  adopt  it.  It  may  happen,  perhaps,  that  my  friend  Mr.  Gladstone  and  I  may  occasionally  differ  from  you.  We  cannot  see  with  the  same  eyes  as  you  do,  and  you  will  pos possibly  sibly possibly  imagine  that  blindness  has  come  over  us.  If  you  think  that,  it  would  be  an  act  of  charity  upon  your  part  if  you  would  send  an  occulist  to  clear  our  eyes.  (Laughter.)  Now,  gentlemen,  I  think  that  our  friends  the  tortes  have  given  us  a  very  eminent  man  in  that  way,  whatever  you  may  think  of  him.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  You  may  look  to  him,  therefore,  to  cure  us  of  that  blindness.  (Renewed  laughter.)  Since  I  was  turned  out  of  the  council,  or  kicked  out  of  the  council,  I  am  sure  no  man  ever  heard  me  com complain  plain complain  of  the  thing  ;  for  the  burgesses  have  a  perfect  right  to  do  so,  and  I  should  be  very  sorry  that  they  were  deprived  of  that  right.  But,  gentlemen,  as  I  said,  since  that  time  I  have  read  the  debates  of  Ethe  town  council  whenever  I  had  an  opportunity  of  doing  so.  I  can  see  that  a  great  deal  was  said  about  economy  there,  but  I  may  remind  you,  gentlemen,  that  a  niggardly  expendi expenditure  ture expenditure  of  money  is  not  always  economy.  (Hear,  hear).  I  can  bring  you  a  case  in  point  which  will  convince  you  of  the  truth  of  my  assertion.  Some  years  ago  the  celebrated,  ocfferage  OI  the  town  of  Liverpool—a  very  grand  plan.  At  that  time  the  period  of  whichl  am  speaking,  the  streets,  the  sewers,  and  everything  of  that  kind,  were  in  the  hands  of  a  celebrated  board,  who  thought  extremely  highly  of  themselves,  although  nobody  else  thought  much  of  them.  T  mean  the  highway  board.  (Laughter).  I  once  belonged  to  that  gallant  crew  myself.  (Renewed  laughter).  But  I  found  I  could  do  no  good,  the  parties  were  so  linked  together  by  political  friendship  that  they  kept  things  entirely  in  their  own  hands—nothing  could  be  done.  Well,  gentlemen  I  think  they  were  guilty  of  the  most  infamous  jobbing  which  ever  went  forward  at  the  time,  at  that  very  period.  I  do  not  say  they  did  so  in individualip  dividualip individualip  but  that  they  were  guilty  of  permitting  it  to  exist.  pon  the  score  of  economy  the  streets  were  badly  levelled,  tLe  sewers  laid  down  without  the  least  scientific  principles,  and  abominably  conducted  in  their  workmanship.  Gentlemen,  last  year,  the  street  in  which  I  live,  Oxford Oxfordstreet,  street, Oxfordstreet,  was  taken  up,  and  it  was  necessary  to  sink  a  sewer  30  feet  deep  at  one  part  of  street,  and  I  think  it  was  24  feet  near  my  house,  by  which  to  carry  off  the  filth  of  the  neigh neighbourhood.  bourhood. neighbourhood.  The  old  sewer  was  exposed  which  the  celebrated  board  had  laid  down,  which  I  recollect  being  put  down  my myself,  self, myself,  seven  or  eight  feet  under  the  ground,  to  carry  away  all  the  filth  of  the  neighhourhood.  lam  sure  there  are  many  individuals  here  versed  in  mechanics  and  know  what  the  state  of  that  sewer  was  when  it  was  opened,—a  perfect  heap  of  rubbish.  Now,  gentlemen,  I  have  shown  you  that  money  spent  in  that  way  is  not  economical.  It  is  a  wilful  expenditure  of  your  funds.  You  have  all  of  you  paid  for  these  sewers,  and  I  believe  that  scarcely  any  of  them  are  now  applicable  to  the  purpose  for  which  they  were  intended.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  thought  there  could  not  be  much  less  than  from  £lOO,OOO  to  £120,000  spent  in  that  way  in  this  town.  Yes,  gentlemen,  all  more  or  less  contribute  to  these  funds,  and  you  might  as  well  have  thrown  them  into  the  Mersey  for  what  has  been  done.  And  now,  gentlemen,  you  are  again  called  upon  to  subscribe  money,  that  is  to  pay  your  rates,  for  the  new  sewerage.  I  think  you  are  very  properly  called  upon  to  pay  these  rates,  and  I  will  do  this  board  of  health  the  justice  to  say  that  I  think  the  town  is  greatly  indebted  to  their  exertions,  and  I  have  seen  a  marked  difference  in  their  proceedings  since  my  friend  Mr.  Gladstone  has  come  among  them.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  He  is  a  man  of  a  capa capacious  cious capacious  mind,  and  they  have  discovered  that  he  can  give  very  good  observations,  and  many  of  his  colleagues  have  the  good  sense  to  attend  to  his  suggestions.  Since  the  board  of  health  was  established  there  were  30  miles  of  sewers  con-  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
