text
"THE  RUMOURED  ARMISTICE  BRUSSELS,  THURSDAY  NIGHT.—The  rumour  from  Paris  is,  that  an  armistice  is  concluded  for  ninety  days.  It  has,  however,  been  distinctly  stated.  that  the  signing  of  the  preliminaries  would  precede  the  declaration  of  an  armistice.  __.........._  SPAIN  MADRID,  JAN.  23.—The  Cortes  had  voted  the  law  for  establishing  limited  liability  companies,  and  for  mili military  tary military  substitutes.  The  Pope's  answer  to  the  Spanish  memorandum  has  been  received.  ♦  THE  PENINSULAR  MAIL.  The  Pera  left  Lisbon  with  the  India  and  China  mails  on  the  19th,  having  been  detained  there  in  quarantine,,  and  to  make  repairs,  ten  days.  This  month  has  been  of  a  very  stormy  description  along  the  Peninsular  coast,  involving  much  loss  of  life  and  property  There  were  fourteen  vessels  on  shore  when  the  packet  left  Gibraltar,  and  some  twenty  more  wrecks  were  repotted  at  the  telegraphic  station  at  Cadiz,  having:chiefly  occurred  on  the  9th  instant  along  the  south-west  coast.  On  entering  the  latter  port,  the  wrecks  of  two  vessels  appear  above  water  nearly  in  mid midchannel.  channel. midchannel.  An  unprecedented  quantity  of  rain  had  fallen.  This  rainy  weather  was  prevailing,  and  variable  winds,  chiefly  from  the  south-west.  The  Tagus  left  Vigo  with  a  strong  westernly  gale  and  threatening  weather,  which  continued  to  the  channel.  The  musical  world,  or  at  least  such  portion  of  it  as  is  resident  amongst  us,  have  the  promise  of  a  rich  musical  entertainment  at  St.  George's-hall,  on  Tuesday  evening  next.  The  programme  before  us  guarantees  the  fulfilment  of  that  promise.  The  concert  to  which  we  would  draw  attention  (and  we  shall  be  thanked  by  the  public  for  doing  so,  inasmuch  as,  if  they  adopt  ou  r  suggestion  to  be  present,  they  will  ensure  to  them themselves  selves themselves  a  rich  musical  treat),  presents  a  programme  which  will  ensure  the  fulfilment  of  the  promise.  Madame  Costantini,  a  lady  already  known  as  an  accomplished  vocalist  in  Liverpool,  and  who  has  gained  a  well  deserved  renown  in  Milan,  Venice,  and  other  continental  theatres,  appears  as  Prima  and  we  have  reason  to  believe  that  this  i'istinction  will  prove  to  be  no  usurpation  of  the  title.  With  the  assistance  of  Mr.  Hamilton  Braham,  Signor  Veroni,  and  Mr.  George  Perron,  as  vocal  adjuncts,  the  concert  cannot  tail  to  be  attractive.  We  must  add  that  Mr.  W.  T.  Best,  the  maestro  of  his  instrument,  will  preside  at  the  organ,  and  the  concert  will  be  conducted  by  Ilr.  C.  J.  Toms.  The  arrangements  are  perfect,  and  cannot  fail  to  be  satis satisfactory.  factory. satisfactory."
