text
"BIRKENHEAD.  OBTAINING  TOBACCO  BY  FALSE  PRBTBNCES.-A  country countryman,  man, countryman,  named  John  Craig,  was  charged,  by  Mrs.  Hannah  Vickery,  tobacconist  of  Market-street,  with  defrauding  her,  by  means  of  false  pretences.  On  Thursday  last  he  went  into  her  shop,  and  said  he  wanted  half  a  pound  of  tobacco,  made  up  in  half  ounces,  and  half  a  pound  of  twist,  for  Mrs.  Margaret  Dodd,  of  Moreton  (wlal  keeps  a  grocer's  shop  there,  and  is  a  customer  of  Mrs.  Vickery's).  Mrs.  Vickery  told  him  he  must  have  made  a  mistake,  as  Mrs.  Dodd  only  took  twist  in  harvest  time,  and  he  was  given  the  half  pound  of  tobacco,  and  some  thin  twist.  He  came  again  on  Fri Friday,  day, Friday,  and  asked  whether  a  milk-boy  had  called  for  some  mere  tobacco  for  Mrs.  Dodd,  for  if  not  he  was  to  get  it.  He  also  scolded  Mrs.  Vickery  for  giving  him  thin  '  twist  the  day  before,  saying  it  was  his  mistress  wanted.  He  then  got  a  half  pound  of  thick  twist,  selected  a  fancy  pipe  for  himself,  and  got  half  an  ounce  of  bird's  all  Mrs.  Dodd's  Mrs.  Dodd  came  to  Birken Birkenhead  head Birkenhead  herself  on  Saturday,  and  it  then  turned  out  that  the  prisoner  had  not  been  sent  by  her  at  all.  He  paid  another  visit  to  Mrs.  Vickery's  shop  ou.  Monday,  and  on  the  latter  putting  some  inconvenient  questions  to  him,  ho  rushed  out  of  the  shop.  She  ran  out  after  him,  calling  out  Stop  and  the  prisoner,  turning  round  to  see  whether  his  pursuer  was  gaining  ground  on  him,  unwittingly  ran  into  the  arms  of  police-constable  Castles,  who  was  on  duty  in  Ches Chester-street.  ter-street. Chester-street.  He  was  lodged  in  Bridewell,  and  to-day  brought  up  before  the  court,  when  he  was  fully  committed  for  trial  at  the  quarter  sessions.  Mr.  Robert  Macfarland  has  been  'appointed  sheriff  of  Renfrewshire.  The  Journal  d'  Augsburg  announces  the  death  of  Comte  Vincent  de  Tabasz  Krosnowiski,  Hereditary  Commander  of  the  Order  of  Malta,  one  of  the  most  distinguished  noble noblemen  men noblemen  of  Gallicia.  RAILWAY  PROPERTY  AND  THE  POOR-RATES.—It  iS  Shown  by  a  return  that  last  year  the  amount  contributed  by  rail railway  way railway  property  to  the  poor-rates  was  in  England  and  Wales  £186,539  4s.  94d.  GREENWICH  losPrrAL.—lt  has  hitherto  been  the  practice  to  give  the  pensioners  boiled  meat,  either  beef  or  mutton,  daily  for  dinner,  but  it  is  now  varied  alternately  with  baked  meat,  instead  of  boiled  every  day.  They  are  indebted  for  this  improvement  to  the  late  governor,  '  Sir  Charles  Adam.  I  kFIB.E.  —Yesterday  morning  a  fire  broke  out  in  a  shed  be belonging  longing belonging  to  Mr.  Norris,  chain  cable  manufacturer,  Brick Brickstreet.  street. Brickstreet.  The  reels  belonging  to  the  fire-brigade  were  quickly  on  the  spot,  and  the  fire  was  speedily  extinguished  without  any  material  damage  being  done.  The  reels  from  the  Brunswick  dock  station  were  first  in  attendance.  CIVIL  LIST  PENSION.—Lord  Aberdeen  has  announced  to  the  family  of  the  late  Mr.  James  Simpson,  that  the  Queen  has  granted  them  a  pension  on  the  civil  list.  Mr.  Simpson  was  well  known  in  Scotland  for  his  services  to  education.  SERIOUS  ACCIDENT  AT  THE  NEW  GAS  WORKS,  ROCH ROCHDALE-ROAD,  DALE-ROAD, ROCHDALE-ROAD,  MANCHESTER.—Yesterday  (Tuesday)  morning,  about  eight  o'clock,  a  scaffolding  over  No.  2  compartment  of  the  canal  shed  now  in  course  of  erection  at  the  gas  works,  Rochdale-road,  fell,  when  three  of  the  carpenters  en engaged  gaged engaged  in  the  formation  of  the  roof  were  precipitated  to  the  ground,  and  severely  injured.  The  distance  between  the  roof  and  the  ground  is  twenty-four  feet.  The  names  of  the  parties  who  fell  are  William  Robinson,  30  years  of  age,  a  man  with  three  children  ;  William  Taggart,  aged  26  years,  unmarried;  and  Alfred  Kelsey,  24  years  of  age,  unmarried.  The  wounds  of  Robinson  being  dressed,  he  was  taken  in  a  cab  to  his  own  house,  in  Lever-street;  Kelsey  and  Ta  ggar  t,  who  are  more  seriously  hurt,  remain  under  medical  care  at  the  Royal  Infirmary.  COLLISION  IN  THE  THAMES.—GRAVESEND,  Dec.  19.  Last  night  considerable  excitement  was  created  in  this  town  by  a  report  that  the  Meteor  steamer,  one  of  the  Star  com company's  pany's company's  packet  boats,  was  run  down  and  sunk  on  her  way  from  Blackwell  to  her  destination  here—the  Terrace-pier.  The  crew  and  passengers  were  providentially  saved,  as  wi'l  be  seen  from  the  following  summary  of  the  particulars  of  the  collision,  as  far  as  they  could  be  collected  by  the  writer  of  this  notice  from  authentic  sources  :—The  Meteor,  having  left  Blackwell  at  about  half-past  5  p.m.  for  Gravesend,  the  tide  being  ebb,  kept  the  usual  course,  about  mid-river,  un until  til until  she  came  nearly  off  the  point  above  the  half-way  house  on  the  Kent  side,  where  are  generally  many  barges  or  other  vessels  bound  upwards,  awaiting  the  next  flood  tide.  At  about  a  quarter  to  6  o'clock  a  large  screw  steamer  was  de descried  scried descried  by  the  captain  of  the  Meteor  coming  up  the  river,  and  making  a  diagonal  course  from  the  Essex  shore  to towards  wards towards  the  point  in  question.  Both  vessels  had,  as  it  appears,  showed  lights,  in  conformity  with  the  regulations  of  the  Trinity-house.  The  captain  of  the  Meteor,  seeing  that  the  steamer  was  approaching  him  ih  a  track  that  would  inevi inevitably  tably inevitably  produce  a  collision,  unless  both  vessels  ported  their  helms,  called  out  to  the  latter  to  do  so,  at  the  same  time  porting  his  helm,  but  the  large  steamer  kept  her  course,  and  the  result  was  that  she  struck  the  Meteor  on  the  starboard  side,  before  the  paddle-box,  with  terrific  vio violence,  lence, violence,  nearly  cutting  her,  as  is  stated,  in  two.  The  passen passengers  gers passengers  in  the  Meteor,  forty-five  in  number,  were  all  below  when  the  collision  took  place,  and  it  is  needless  to  describe  the  dreadful  alarm  they  were  in  and  the  confusion  which  followed.  Some  rushed  on  deck  as  the  Meteor  was  sinking,  and  more,  who  were  in  the  forecabin,  forced  their  way  through  the  skylights.  The  steamer  that  thus  came  into  collision  with  the  Meteor  fortunately  remained  entangled  with  her,  and  the  passengers  and  crew  of  the  latter  had  Just  time  to  scramble  as  best  they  could  on  board  of  her.  Cap Captain  tain Captain  Hollingham,  of  the  Meteor,  was  the  last  who  so  es escaped,  caped, escaped,  he  remaining  on  the  after-deck  of  his  sinking  vessel  until  all  his  crew  and  passengers  were  safe  on  board  the  large  steamer.  He  then  sprang  on  board  the  latter  at  the  risk  of  his  life.  At  this  moment,  the  Mars,  Star  steamer,  •  on  her  way  from  Gravesend  to  London,  came  up  and  assisted  in  extricating  .  the  then  unknown  steamer  from  the  Meteor,  as  she  was  going  down.  From  the  instant  of  the  collision  to  the  sinking  of  the  Meteor  scarcely  ten  minutes  elapsed  The  large  screw  steamer  that  came  in  contact  with  her  is  said  to  be  the  Sylph,  belonging  to  the  Petersburg  Steam Steampacket  packet Steampacket  Company,  and  was  on  her  way  from  Ireland  to  London.  She  is,  as  is  further  stated,  quite  a  new  ship,  and  )  of  800  tons  burden.  The  preservation  of  the  lives  of  all  on  board  the  Meteor  is  justly  considered  providential,  con considering  sidering considering  the  circumstances  of  the  casualty.  The  Meteor  was  one  of  the  fastest  and  finest  steamers  of  the  Star  Com Coma  a Coma  pany.  It  would  be  premature,  if  not  rash,  to  hazard  an  opinion  as  to  which  vessel  was  in  fault  in  producing  this  catastrophe."
