text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  c  ommun  i  ca  ti  ons  •  --  •  •  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  ior iorwarded  warded iorwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  P.Dttijtrit  MONDAY,  OCTOBER  31,  1853  The  political  intelligence  brought  by  the  Argo,  from  Australia,  is  of  great  importance.  The  colonial  history  of  Great  Britain  is  replete  with  events  which  show  what  the  future  destiny  of  the  Anglo-Saxon  race  must  inevitably  be.  Like  the  Trojans  of  olden  times,  our  people  will  raise  up  empires,  and  found  eternal  cities  for  themselves;  and  having  thus  accomplished  the  great  mission  of  their  race,  they  will  naturally  seek  for  the  sovereign  control  of  their  own  affairs.  In  urging  this  demand,  all  ideas  of  gratitude  to  the  parent  State,  are,  we  scouted,  as  so  much  morbid  senti sentimentality  mentality sentimentality  ;  .while  the  thoughts  of  independence  carry  with  them  a  certain  degree  of  enchantment.  From  a  wild  territorial  possession,  the  steps  towards  a  productive  and  wealthy  State  have  been  but  very  slow  with  the  greater  part  of  our  Colonies,  and  where  doubt  and  difficulties  impend,  the  spirits  of  the  people  are  less  ardent,  when  everything  con connected  nected connected  with  government  beeomes  more  a  matter  of  expediency  than  force.  But  in  Australia,  we  have  to  deal  with  phe phenomena  nomena phenomena  unequalled  in  any  age.  Here  we  have  a  vast  continent,  divided  into  three  parts  —west,  south,  and  east,  in  which  four  distinct  Colonies  have  been  established.  Eaeh  of  these  divisions  possesses  a  territory  capable  of  supporting  60,000,000  of  souls,  and  with  wealth  and  produc productions  tions productions  little  short  of  fabulous.  To  govern  countries  whose  riches  could  purchase  any  means  that  they  may:  require,  to  accomplish  almost  any  end,  is  indeed  a  task  which  needs  much  anxious  care  and  surpassing  skill  ;  while  to  coerce  a  people  so  circumstanced,  and  at  so  distant  a  part  of  the  earth,  is  an  undertaking  which  promises  but  little  success.  The  movements  which  have  taken  place  in  these  Colonies,  are  sufficiently  significant  to  cause  us  much  uneasiness.  The  demands  of  the  colonists,  with  respect  to  the  land  question,  are  perfectly  just  and  consistent.  They  ask  why  the  sales  of  land,  as  a  source  of  revenue,  have  been  suspended,  and  a  direct,  or  pole-tax,  demanded,  in  the  form  of  gold  :licences.  This  course,  it  is  contended,  am  ounrs  to  a  flagrant  abro  ga  ti  on  o  f  t  h  e  esta  b  lished  law  bri,s  Colony,  and  an  act  of  great  injustice  towaia;  lie  mining  classes  employed  in  the  heavy  *CI  laboriods  work  of  the  gold  fields.  At'  the  mee:tine  s  that  Lave  beeu  held  on  this  subject,  er"
