text
"more  attentive  to  th  e  i  r  children,in  The  magistrat  es  a  l  so  o  b  serve  d  that  if  paren  ts STYLE=superscript  either  honestly  empl  o  y  e  d  or  at  school,  the  court  I STYLE=superscript  Th STYLE=superscript  saved  much  pain  i  n  comm  itti  ng  so  many  y  o  unz  nesir  seeing  that  they,  ad  Thomas  eavtes.,-elifichael  Fahe  e STYLE=superscript  teo  respectively  14  and  15  years,  were  charged  I  rith  s  d  with  $  prs  •  found  lark  e  L  '  quantity  of  lead,  weighing  89Ibs.  It  Was  .  d  sold  It.  a  '  6 STYLE=superscript  ,  marine-store  dealer,  to  whom  the  prisoners  had  km_  prisoners  denied  the  robery,  and  were  remanded.  tr  e4  Lra  I  THE  EFFECTS  of  pRUNKEIyEIs.-7  .  4  y_oung  boy  an';'„,  f  i  tTh  e  years  of  age,  was  chat'*(lsYwith  stealing'  some  sheeps'  t  0;9'4  re  an  d  S.:  fired.  4  from  the  market_  stall  of  Mr.  Charles  Baines—  lt STYLE=superscript  Tot  Lst  that  the  prisoner,  who  is  of  respectable  parents,  tlenis  a STYLE=superscript  '  efipi  quantity  of  brandy  which  was  given  to  him  by  a  gent  s  ,  eti  ey  and  that  he  conimitted  the  theft  while  in  a  state  of  in  i  w STYLE=superscript  sti  oto  i  t  tion.  The  , STYLE=superscript  prosecution  was  not  pressed.  The  -Magi  itot.  severely  commented  on  the  impropriety.  of  giving  sP  l STYLE=superscript  t  .  r STYLE=superscript  h  i  s  '  , STYLE=superscript  lto(  of  liquor  to  one  so  young,  and  advised  the  boy  to  take  o  t  it  Cpl  the  deviation  'from  the  path  of  rectitude  as  a  war  n STYLE=superscript  ,..f  c  o  ,-,DI  the  misery  and,  degradation  which  in  addition  to  a  .  ti  (  4  4  his  riper  years'  would  be  sure  to'  entail  on  him.  tio  kr  MANCHESTER.  4  10 STYLE=superscript  1  ' STYLE=superscript  5  4 STYLE=superscript  7  44 STYLE=superscript  1  ..0  SUSPECTED  POSSESSION  OF  PURLOINED  AND  13r STYLE=superscript  e  ier,  Goons.—Yesterday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  Matl  e STYLE=superscript  u  e STYLE=superscript  o  .'  li  e  au  elderly  man  a  weaver,'  named  Thomas  Fox,  r  esidini  e  Cheetham-street,  was  placed  in  the  dock,  on  a  eharaly  having  in  his  dwelling-house  a  quantity  of  purloined  embezzled  materials  used  in  the  -worsted,  woollen,  ea  t STYLE=superscript  ;  -7;Att  and  linen  mannfactures.  Mr.  Hoppe  ,  solicitor,  was  for STYLE=superscript  yr,  .:4t  prosecution,  and  Mr.  Bent,  solicitor,  for  the  prisoner.  ,  b  0  Ok  ;  M'Donald,  of  the  detective  department  ofpolice,  stated  , STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  L.40  4 STYLE=superscript  4'6  on  Saturday  morning  last  he  ',vent  to  the  house  of  the  s  Pi  t  t  'at&lt;  soner,  accompanied  by  Mr.  Jones,  inspector  to  the  0  •  e STYLE=superscript  i'tvo  r  ,  Protection  Society,  and  that  by  virtue••of  a  warraut7.,  g  searched  his  hous  e  .  Wh  en  h  e  went  in;  witness  told  '  r STYLE=superscript  i  o  t  4  1 STYLE=superscript  that  ,they  had  c  ome  w  ith  a  warra  n  t  -  to  search  his  Itolle  '  4  3 STYLE=superscript  /  4  4  •  cotton,  silk,  worsted,  or  other  yarn  materials.  The  ply  0  a STYLE=superscript  te&amp;  ;  answered  that  he  had  some  yarns  in  a  barrel  of  which  ,  ort  tlgi  us  had  come  into  possession  since  the  last  time  he  was  b  ei STYLE=superscript  f  y  li STYLE=superscript  gqQZ  l STYLE=superscript  the  Court,  under  similar  circumstances.  On  searching,,  n  !  Vr  a  i  '  barrel,  they  found  a  quantity  of  weft  in  it,  and  on  Ina  l STYLE=superscript  s  search,  they  found  a  large  quantity  in  the  kitchen,  Die  /3  against  the  head  of  a  sofa,  covered  up,  they  found  a  quo,  p  of  Turkey  red  y  arns.  Th  e  art  i  cles  found  were  produced  it  eq  '  4 STYLE=superscript  r  e  ,  Court.—Mr.  H  o  bb  s  s  t  a  t  e  d  t  h  at  the  complaint  against  ktt,  that  prisoner  was  p  re  f  erre  d  un  d  er  the  16th  of  George  111.,  cif  56,  on  the  g  roun  d  th  a  t  susp  i  c  i  on  was  entertained  thatl  ,  had  in  his  possessiOn  purloined  and  embezzled  worn'  cotton,  linen,  and  silk.  goods.—  Mr.  M'Donald,  in  answertpi  i  t STYLE=superscript  tye  questions  put  by  Mr.  Hobbs,  further  stated,  that  the  ''  ir  tre STYLE=superscript  g  said  he  purchased  th  e  b  arre  l  o  f  T  urkey  red  yarn  from  a  on  '11,415&#34;  'Witness  asked  him  if  h  e  h  a  d  any  i  nvo  i  ce  for  it,  and  he  tt  to  that  he  had  not.  He  made  no  remark  as  to  the  rest  ef  t STYLE=superscript  ts  ( STYLE=superscript  41  ,  goods:  The  pris  oner  sa  id  t  h  at  t  h  e  father  of  the  man  I STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  whom  he  purchased  th  e  goods,  kept  a  sm  a  ll  s  h  op  i  n  Ge°l  4 STYLE=superscript  .4 STYLE=superscript  )1)  ,  Leigh-street.  The  defence  elicitedf  in  cro  ss  -  exam  i  na  ti  o  n  that  the  prisoner  had  purchased  the  yarn  found  in  his  p  sion,  the  value  of  .w  hi  c  h  amounted  to  about  £3,  from  . STYLE=superscript  persons  named  Holmes  and  Briefly.  Mr.  James  Jones  \q  t  .,  specter  of  the  Manch  es  t  er  -Silk  P  rotective  Society,  corr'ebt';and  rated  the  evidence  of  M'D  ona  ld  .  The  prisoner  was  '  h STYLE=superscript  e  o  weaver,  but  witn  ess  saw  no  l  oom  i  n  his  house.  It  w,„I  very,  suspicious  matter,  to  find  a  quantity  of  yarns,  weigh';  e  o  n  e  about  a  hu  n  d  re  d-  we  i  g  ht  ,  i  n  t  h  e  pr  i  soner  '  s  house.  In  or%  tt  to  afford  the  p  r  i  soner  ti  me  to  b  r  i  ng  forward  witnesses  prove  that  he  had  purchased  the  goods,  the  case  was  re STYLE=superscript  '  Nip  mended  to  Wedn  es  d  a  y.  ETA  ASSAULT  IN  POLLAR  D  -S  TREE  T  .—  Y  ester  6  y  ,-  ,at  the  &#34;'  4 STYLE=superscript  4t1  Police  Court,  M  anc  h  es  t  er,  a  person  of  the  name  of  Andr'  „, STYLE=superscript  ;',,  '4  3  -4 STYLE=superscript  Bolton,  was  ordered  t  o  pay  a  f  i  ne  of  508.  and  costs,  or  default  to  be  imprisoned  two  months,  for  assaalting,  knec„  . STYLE=superscript  nr•  4 STYLE=superscript  cli  e  - STYLE=superscript  '  ing  down,  and  kicking  a  policeman,  in  Pollard-street,  '  1 STYLE=superscript  'R  e STYLE=superscript  d,  ti,  t STYLE=superscript  ,  Sunday  morning,  about  twenty  minutes  to  three  , STYLE=superscript  o'eloelc•I  e  1  3  2  1 STYLE=superscript  At  the  same  Court,  yesterday,  a  young  man  named  Samiiii  Wlieatcroft,  who  stat  e  d  th  at  h  e  was  a  mechanic,  was  fiat''  j  The4ll  40s.  and  costs,  ,or,  in  d  e  f  au  lt  ,  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  fCOQ  one  month,  for  assaultin  g  ,  on  Saturday  - STYLE=superscript  evening,  about  eign;  o'clock,  in  Chatham-stre  e  t,  M  r.  Gr  i  sdale,  the  superintembn's  constable  of  -Saddleworth,  in  Yorkshire.  r  HIGHWAY  ROBBERY.—Yesterday,  at  the  City  police  tlgt  Pa STYLE=superscript  eit  Court,  Manchester  a  boatman,  name  d  Matthews,  was  CO-  rettl)  mitted  to  take  his  trial  at  assizes,  on  charge  of  110  0 STYLE=superscript  t  t3  e STYLE=superscript  °44  on  Saturday  night,  in  Store  -street.  robbed  a  fellow  worktna  ll STYLE=superscript  44  a  named  Jonathan  Wordswo  r  th,  who  had  fey  been  eiceeding  l STYLE=superscript  f  Of  kind  to  him,  of  14  s  .  6d.  •  Le  11  fa  ASSAULTING  THE  POLICE'—At  t  h  e  Salford  Borotrjh  e(1,4,e1  Court,  yesterday,  an.l  r  i  s  b  man  name  d'  Richard  Varnah  r  Ye  tb  ,  ls(l STYLE=superscript  fined  20s.  and  costs  for  being  drunk  and  disorderlY  I  f  kit  a STYLE=superscript  •et  Chapel  street  on  Sunday  n  i  g  ht,  an  d  assau  l  t  i  ng  police'n  ffiee STYLE=superscript  ko  Dixon.  SAVAGE  AssAuth.—Yesterday  morning,  at  the  Salford  13 STYLE=superscript  ;  orenuagchhaCroguerotfavtiaollleinritlsyhamssaanuwltash,gbiaPraugattnbaeinfoerde  jtalongesgvisi4tri:eti  It  appeared  that  th  e  prosecutor  was  go  i  ng  a  l  on  Lane,  on  Sunday  night  between  ten  and  e  l  even  e'elre'ek,  two  females,  and  that  the  prisoner  was  proceeding  along  th  e STYLE=superscript  street  at  the  same  ti  me  i  n  the  company  of  thr  ee  fon  ov  ;  Some  few  words  ga  sse  d  b  etween  the  parties,  up:m-  11  without  any•  provocation,'  the  prisoner  rai  se  d  a  lard  _iron  bolt  with  w  hi  c  h  he  struck  the  prose  cu  t  or  an  d  knock  ed STYLE=superscript  him  down.  Fin  e  d  £5  ,  or  i  n  default  of  payment  to  be  co  mitted  to  hard  labour  for  two  months.  .  ANOTHER  •ASSAITLT  .ON  THE  POLICE.--Peter  ,r„Ain  one  bt  o  he  f  iei  t  inv  h  ep  e  sri,  gang  known  amongst  the  police  as  the  Deans:en  dlat,anodycotshtes,moareinstrdaetefasualtt,theerc,leTroedwil;u;  hall,  Salford,  yesterday),  for  having:  on.  Su  n  d  a  y  lie'  assaulted  police  constable  Dennison,  New  Bailey  -street.  .  WATCH  ROBBERY.--At  the  Salford  Borough  coo  t STYLE=superscript  yesterday,  a  . STYLE=superscript  girl  well  known  to  the  police,  named'  Bennett,  was  committed  to  take  her  trial  ,  at  the  next  - STYLE=superscript  ses'  for  stealing  a  wateh  from  the  person  of  a  spinner,  named  /  4  ,  ° STYLE=superscript  1  1  0  Fielding,  who  lives  i  n  Union-street,  Oidfield-road.  robbery  - STYLE=superscript  took  place  on  Sunday,  night.  NUISANCE  CASES.—In  respect  of  28  cases  .of  summons  against  individuals  for  keeping  pig-styes  in  improper  ph  36 STYLE=superscript  0  ;  0  imperfect  drainage,  and  other  nuisances,  the  d  e  f  en  d  an  ts  's!&#34;,„  ordered  to  :remove  the  -  nuisances  complained  of  'Ow'  2  days.  t  4c STYLE=superscript  a  ris  e  ,  he  t  i  la  to  DEATH  'atom  S6ALDlNG.—Winifred  Eagan,  aged  ts  (° STYLE=superscript  years,  was  scalded  on  Sunday,  and  died  yesterday,  in  - STYLE=superscript  O  ur STYLE=superscript  /  hall.  Mary  Eagan,  her  siste  r  ,  saw  h  er  f  a  l  l  into  a  p  ot  °  scalding  water.  Despatches  from  . STYLE=superscript  the  Governor  of  Gibralter  wer  e STYLE=superscript  sent  off  from  the  Colonial  office  ott  Saturday  eTenig  . STYLE=superscript  Despatches  were  also  sent  to  the  Governors  of  the  West  Dl'  dia  Colonies.  LITERARY  AND  PHILOSOPHICAL  SOCIETY.--Th  e STYLE=superscript  annual  meeting  of  this  Society  was  held  in  the  Royal  Insti Institution  tution Institution  last  night.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  the  president  , STYLE=superscript  Dr.  Dickenson.  During  the  meeting,  the  Society  was  wholly  engaged  in  transacting  the  routine  annual  business,  the  election  of  officers,  and  appointment  of  a  council  for  the  coming  year.  -  .  .  LONDON  AND  •  NORTH-WESTERN  RAILWAY.—At  monthly  meeting  of  the  board  of  the  above  company,  held  at  the  Euston  Station  on.  Saturday,  the  15th  instant,  the  Marquis  of  Chandos  was  unanimously  elected  a  director  of  the  company,  and  subsequently  as  the  chairman  of  the  board  of  directors,  which  is,  as  'heretofore,  an  unpaid  office'  A  MONOMANIAC  AT  THE  POLICE  COURT.--yesterday'  whilst  Mr.  Smith,  one  of  the  borough  magistrates,  was  en engaged  gaged engaged  in.  the  business  of  the  Police  Court,  an  old  lady,  whose  eccentric  manner  caused  mu  c  h  excitement,  made  her  appear'  ante  in  Court,  and,  addressing  the  magistrate,  said  she  came  to  complain;  that  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  gas-house  the  poor  were  not  allowed  to  keep.  pigs.  This  she  thought  3 STYLE=superscript  great  hardship  on  the  poor,  who,  she  begged  to  say,  lave  d STYLE=superscript  bacon  just  as  well  as  their  worships.  She  said  that  she  ap appeared  peared appeared  there  on-  public  grounds,  to  complain  of  what  she  considered  as  a_  public  grievance.  Mr.  Smith,  the  magi'  strate,  said,  Kadam,  you  have  brought  your  pigs  to  the  wrong  market.  I  have  no  doubt  but  that  you  are  a  hog  humanitarian,  but  in  sanitary  affairs  you  must  apply  at  the  SCENE  IN  A  CHRISTIAN  COI:INTIM—P  ass  i  ng  along  •  St.  Anne-street,  a  b  ou  t  t  wo  o  '  c  l  oc  k  yesterday  afternoon,  our  attention  was  directed  to  a  crowd  of  persons  who  were  as'  sembled  around  a  woman  in  front  of  St.  Anne's  Church,.  On  enquiring  the  cause,  we  foUnd  th  e  wretc  h  ed  woman  had.  been  carrying  a  shell,  in  'whi  c  h  were  the  remains  of  ono  13'  her  children,  aged  from  12  to  13  years.  The  poor  woman  had  placed  the  coffin  on  the  ch  urc  h  wall,  to  rest  her  wearieu.  frame.  Whilst  there,  sh  e  was  surrounded  by  a  crowd  of  persons,  who  looked  on  with  coo  l  i  n  diff  erence  to  her  men  t  a  l  and  bodily  anguish.  Amongst  those  who  had  assembled;  we  noticed  a  gentle  man  ,  w  h  o  sported  a  yard  and  a  half.  o  f  white  muslin  in  the  shape  of  a  neck  tie,  a  cane,  black: STYLE=superscript  ,1  jet,  and  a  profusion  of  sable  coloured  cloth.  Ile  enquirel  what  was  the  matter,  and  having  ascertained,  he  turn  eT  coolly  on  his  heel  and  l  e  ft  th  e  spot,  w  i  thout  uttering  a  word  of  consolation,  or  bestowing  a  fraction  on  the  affiiete  woman,  who,  true  to  her  trust,  again  took  the  coffin  on  her  back,  and  proceeded  to  di  sc  h  arge  t  h  e  duties  of  her  l  a  st  office,  with  the  bones  of  he  r  c  hild  rattling  against  the  ,' STYLE=superscript  as  she  walked  through  th  e  s  t  ree  t  s  !  We  wished  we  knew  the  name  of  the  rev.  (?)  gentleman.  THE  BOSCAR  of  NE  MIXES.—In  our  publication  -  Saturday;  we  gave  a  brief  notice  of  a  meeting  of  Share Shareholders'  holders' Shareholders'  k  place  in  the  great  O  ns  l  ow  m  i  nes,  which  took'  at  til,  f  e STYLE=superscript  Angel  Hotel  in  Dale-street,  on  Friday.  The  followill-  5 STYLE=superscript  particulars  of  another  meeting  in  connection  with  the  1  3 STYLE=superscript  °  3 STYLE=superscript  ;  came  mines  have  since  been  commun  i  ca  t  e  d  to  us  :  „  Wednesday  last,  a  meeting  was  held  at  the  Angel  Dale-street,  of  suc  h  o  f  th  e  propr  i  etors  in  the  Bosearli°  mines,  as  'had  'aecepted  the  compromise  offered  by  Messrs'  Bennett,  Carr  &amp;  Co*.  It  was  was  well  attended,  and  p  lc STYLE=superscript  '  sided  over  by'Ab  so  l  om  B  ennett,  Esq.,  purser,  who,  after  some  preliminary  ob  serva  ti  ons  entere  d  at  length  into  a  history  of  the  negociations  and  ar  r  a  ngemen  t  s  effected  ,  s STYLE=superscript  him  with  reference  to  the  Penquean  slate  quarries  ;  au  after  dilating  upon  the  advantages  possessed  by  this  qugl  7 STYLE=superscript  i.  over  all  other  quarries,  concluded  'by  assuring  the  IneeC  il STYLE=superscript  i  that  their  pres  e  nt  p  os  iti  on  was  i  n  every  way  b  e  tter  tha  n STYLE=superscript  r,  11 STYLE=superscript  could  ever  have  been.  a  s  p  ropr  i  e  t  ors  o  f  B  oscarne.  So  ,ii  other  gentlemen  'followed,  who  expressed  their  as  to  the  promising  prospects  of  Penquean.  Mr.  Broat  re  .  next  addressed  the  meeting,  and  after  severely  condea  l9 STYLE=superscript  -1  1,  the  ambiguity  of  th  e  t  erms  use  d  i  n  t  h  e  circulars,  couvol  i STYLE=superscript  t  lk7 STYLE=superscript  io  the  meeting,  proposed  that  the  leases  ednve3?ag.  ni  .Penquean  slate  qua  rr  y  t  o  Absbio  Bennett  and  his  e  0 STYLE=superscript  :  00  venturers  be  read  by  the  Secretary,  verbatim.  ,After  sred.  discussion,  this  re  so  l  u  ti  on  was  seconded,  but  not  car  r STYLE=superscript  .  The  days  for  holdingthe  annual  and  qua  r  te  r  ly  illee  ti STYLE=superscript  l  ot  ngs STYLE=superscript  were  then  fixed,  and  regulations  for  future  mauage  n STYLE=superscript  proposed  and  adopted.  I  v,  '  ll STYLE=superscript  k,.  r  :  ti  hj  s  ef  t  td  'et  4  1 STYLE=superscript  '  84?  4i1,1"
