text
"OUTPOSTS,  Falmouth,  Jan.  22.—Sailed—Anne,  for  Liverpool.  Queenstown,  Jan.  23 STYLE=superscript  .  — STYLE=superscript  Arrived—Conheath,  Mauritius—Pnritantr,  Maaagan—Rhine.  St.  Michaels—Hunt  ey,  Star,  and  Uiulvina,  all  from  Callao.  Dublin,  Jan.  23 STYLE=superscript  .  — STYLE=superscript  Arrived—Invoice,  Marseilles—Duke  of  Corn Cornwall,  wall, Cornwall,  London.  MARITIME  EXTRACTS,  Liverpool,  Jan  23.  —The  Pamela,  which  sprang  a  leak  in  King's  Dock,  and  was  ordered  to  discharge,  has  only  damaged  about  eh,bt  packages  of  her  ground  tier.  The  leak  proceeded  from  a  bolt  having  been  driven  In  awry.  The  Ben  Muick  Dhu,  that  was  ashore  in  the  Tagus,  got  off  on  thy  16th  inst.  Falmouth  —Arrived—  Leonor,  Allegria,  from  Liverpool  for  CadiZ,  with  loss  of  foretopmast.  Dublin,  Jan.  23  . STYLE=superscript  1—The  American  s',ip  Independence,  Captalrl  Marshall,  from  Liverpool  to  New  Orleans,  went  ashore  on  the  morn morning  ing morning  of  the  22nd  inst.,  between  Laytown  and  Kingstown,  and  It  10  feared  will  become  totally  lost.  The  captain  and  crew  left  her  ira  three  boats,  and  were  brought  into  Drogheda  by  the  Faugh-a  , STYLE=superscript  Ballagh.  Belfast,  Jan.  22—The  iron  schooner  Airdrie,  of  and  from  Glasgoor  for  Oporto,  with  pig  iron,  &amp;c.,  when  proceeding  out  of  this  Lough  last  night  sprang  a  leak  and  sank.  Crew  saved.  FOREIGN  PORTS  .  Vulcan  (s.s.),  and  Tiber  (s.s.),  sailed  from  Marseilles  fbr  pool,  Jan.  7.  _  ___  Hebe,  George,  hence  at  Charente,  with  hull  and  bulwarks  damaged'  havine  been  run  into  by  a  French  vessel  in  the  Bay  of  Biscay.  Arabian  (s.s.),  from  Alexandria  at  L:shon,  for  coals,  for  Liverpool•  Alpha,  hence  at  Helvoet,  Araminta,  from  Swansea,  at  Caldera.  Angelita  sailed  from  Santander  for  Liverpool,  Jan.  12.  1  Olivia,  hence  at  Smyrna.  B  r  iti  s  h  Queen  (s.s.),  sailed  from  Smyrna  for  Liverpool,  Jan.  6.-  Fernandez,  and  Christiana—both  hence  at  Lisbon.  African  (s  a.),  hence  at  Malta.  Amelia,  and  Eclipse—both  hence  at  Seville.  Fleiss  sailed  from  Venice  for  Liverpool,  Jan.  16.  Frowning  Beauty,  Harrison,  from  hence;  Bee,  Jarvis,  Will  Callao—both  at  Stanley.  Persian  (s.s.),  from  Alexandria  at  Jaffa.  -  -771  Olivia,  Goodwin,  from  hence;  and  Arcadia  (s.s.),  from  Constanti Constantinople—both  nople—both Constantinople—both  at  Smyrna.  I;gyptian  (s.s.),  and  Melita  (s.s.)—both.  from  Constantinople  s  6 STYLE=superscript  Smyrna,  and  sailed  for  Alexanflria.  Universe.  Hutchison  ;  Elizabeth,  Williams;  and  Lord  Gough—an  hence  at  Constantinople.  British  Queen,  Mertyn,  from  Smyrna  at  Malta,  for  Liv  - STYLE=superscript  rpool.  African  (s.s  ),  Milltr,  from  hence  ;  and  Bahiana  (s.s.),  Green,  fronl  Balaklava—both  at  Malta,  Amelia,  Saunders,  hence  at  Seville."
