text
"SPAIN.  I STYLE=superscript  \I4tDRID,  DEC.  15.—The  Bank  of  San  Fernando  fo  4 STYLE=superscript  s  advanced  to  the  goverment  the  necessary  funds  r  th  e  expenses  of  the  next  six  months.  The  Three  per  Cents.  were  done  at  43k.  AUSTRAL]  A.  b  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  . STYLE=superscript  rLYMOUTH  TuEsnAy.—The  ship  Tartar  has  ar ar,4\ve,d  ,4\ve,d ar,4\ve,d  fr  on  ,  Sy  ' STYLE=superscript  dney,  whence  she  sailed  on  the  29th  n  ‘llaust:  She  brings  17,000  ounces  of  gold.  She  PriS  n  . STYLE=superscript  ‘  - STYLE=superscript  li STYLE=superscript  t  •\,°'  for  provisions,  She  spoke  the  Sobraon  from  c(b  ne  e  c STYLE=superscript  a  ,....  '  t  _  4 STYLE=superscript  lQE  a  r  to  Liverpool,  on  the  15th,  and  the  Tamarack  ;stair  u  rr  ,tn  Bombay  to  Glasgow.  1'  6  41  i  ti  T  he  steamer  Peninsula,  for  Vigo,  put  into  Ply  outh  on  Tuesday,  with  bilge  pipes  choked.  to-dg:  13 STYLE=superscript  nEssA.—The  wheat  market  was  less  firm.  an  d  ro  e  ;  l STYLE=superscript  c,eights  rather  lower.  Shipments  active.  s  hire,  I STYLE=superscript  tb  Ir  t STYLE=superscript  'ARIS  BOURSE,  TIIESDAY.  — STYLE=superscript  Funds  steady,  closing  ,nd  f„  i STYLE=superscript  L  t STYLE=superscript  h  a  rise.  Three  per  cents  , STYLE=superscript  75f.  10c.  ;  Four-and  Linn:  per  cents,  102  f.  uth  Up  lY  Fear'  ast  ye  a  6  0 STYLE=superscript  _  .  0  rison  , STYLE=superscript  ';,  03  the  -  f  o  r  rders  IRELAND.  the  o  t.  S+  on  we  •  DUBLIN,  WEDNESDAY.  4IIE  CARLOW  ELECTION  CASES.—The  order  for  the  I  )  'A  - STYLE=superscript  publication  of  the  proceedings  in  the  case  of  ° STYLE=superscript  *qiikg  v.  Lawler  having  been  .  withdrawn,  the  Papers  of  to-day  contain  a  copious  report  of  them.  b  r‘  e  principal  feature  in  the  business  as  yet  has  41  7e  1 STYLE=superscript  k  the  examination  of  the  plaintiff,  who  swore  °nF,st  other  things,  that  he  had  been  offered  v'  o STYLE=superscript  o  in  cash  if  he  would  vote  for  Mr.  Sadleir,  but  1  ,;  .  e,  refused  to  do  so.  On  the  day  of  nomination,  o  ',,  e STYLE=superscript  Was  arrested  in  the  court-house,  by  the  direction  Saldeir's  agent,  for  the  amount  of  two  bells  of  Daniel  Crotty,  which  he  had  accepted,  but  thick  were  not  due  at  the  time.  Witness  was  sent  ~°  t STYLE=superscript  %  aol.,  and  subsequently  discharged  by  an  order  w  a  :7  l STYLE=superscript  ke  Queen's  Bench,  and  was  again  arrested.  It  4  zilso  proved  that  the  writs  under  which  he  was  C_,.ested  were  prepared  in  the  office  of  Messrs.  send  been  and  Morragli,  and  that  a  couple  of  paupers  se  a STYLE=superscript  d  be  en  put  forward  as  the  parties  sending  in  the  eund  arrest,  in  order  to  screen  those  gentlemen.  a STYLE=superscript  lietis  acts  were  deposed  to,  intended  to STYLE=superscript  show STYLE=superscript  asat  Mr.  Sadleir  had  acted  all  through  the  affair  a  prominent  party,  and  Richard  Crotty,  the  executor  of  Daniel,  swore  he  had  now  no  interest  tothe  debt.  The  case  will  take  a  very  long  time  try,  as  a  large  - STYLE=superscript  number  of  witnesses  are  still  to  examined.  Mr.  John  Sadleir  himself  was  pre pre\''eut  \''eut pre\''eut  in  court,  and  seemed  to  watch  the  proceedings  v STYLE=superscript  I STYLE=superscript  th  great  anxiety.  vi  411  THE  RECENT  GALE.—The  gale  w  hich STYLE=superscript  has STYLE=superscript  blown  with  such  41  'm  during  the  past  few  days  and  nights  ,  there  is  too  From  reason  to  fear  has  caused  ma  n STYLE=superscript  y  disasters STYLE=superscript  o STYLE=superscript  n  the  coasts.  1,1.°  1 STYLE=superscript  11  various  quarters  intelligence  has  reached  us  of  ves  s  el  s  t  e  il STYLE=superscript  lg  driven  ash  Ore  by,  the  severity  of  the  weather,  and  un.-  h  r STYLE=superscript  tunately  in  many  instances  destr  uction STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  life STYLE=superscript  and  pro pro`lit'rtY  `lit'rtY pro`lit'rtY  has  been  the  consequence.  A STYLE=superscript  rumor STYLE=superscript  was STYLE=superscript  current STYLE=superscript  th STYLE=superscript  at  le STYLE=superscript  arn,  had  foundered  in  the  channel,  b  ut STYLE=superscript  fr STYLE=superscript  o  m STYLE=superscript  all  we  can  it  is  happily  without  foundatio  n STYLE=superscript  .  Alon STYLE=superscript  g  the STYLE=superscript  ea STYLE=superscript  stern  ,o STYLE=superscript  h  asts  several  wrecks  have  taken  pl  ace. STYLE=superscript  We STYLE=superscript  have STYLE=superscript  heard STYLE=superscript  tha STYLE=superscript  t  4  4 STYLE=superscript  *(irge  ship  of  1,000  tons  burthen  ha  s STYLE=superscript  been STYLE=superscript  driven STYLE=superscript  ashore STYLE=superscript  at STYLE=superscript  reystones,  county  Wicklow,  and  that  another  large  vessel  48 STYLE=superscript  foundered  near  Skerries.  No  d  oubt STYLE=superscript  intelli STYLE=superscript  g  ence STYLE=superscript  will STYLE=superscript  be STYLE=superscript  receivedl,,  of  other  occurrences  of  a  lik  e STYLE=superscript  unfortunate STYLE=superscript  nature, STYLE=superscript  in STYLE=superscript  lech  results  of  a  similar  character  will  have STYLE=superscript  to STYLE=superscript  be STYLE=superscript  re STYLE=superscript  c  or STYLE=superscript  ded  irr  wind  somewhat  abated  yesterday  evening,  which  will  '  , STYLE=superscript  Ord  an  opportunity  to  the  shippin  off  the  coast  that  have  t  tli STYLE=superscript  rvived  the  storm  to  get  safe  into  h  g STYLE=superscript  arbor.  Saunders  of  this  morning  gives  the  following  :  t  l  4 STYLE=superscript  -  communication  which  reached  town  yesterday  stated  at  twelve  o'clock  three  seamen  were  still  clingy  ng  to  the  i'„gging  of  the  vessel  which  had  fourtdred  near  the  Gormans-  Wn  station  on  Sunday  night.  No STYLE=superscript  means STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  communica communicats°ll*existing STYLE=superscript  ts°ll*existing communicats°ll*existing STYLE=superscript  between  them  and  th  e STYLE=superscript  shore,  a  life  boat  was  at  o,h STYLE=superscript  gee  sent  down  to  their  assistance  per  the  train  which  left  Dubli  n STYLE=superscript  at  one  o'clock,  p.m.  `he  fleet  of  vessels  have  been  detained  in STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  river STYLE=superscript  owin STYLE=superscript  g  to STYLE=superscript  e  violence  of  the  gale,  which  still  rag  es. STYLE=superscript  No STYLE=superscript  less STYLE=superscript  than STYLE=superscript  six STYLE=superscript  v  ess  els  of  the  City  of  Dublin  Steam  Packet  Company  are  now  th  e  Port  awaiting  a  moderation  o  r STYLE=superscript  chan STYLE=superscript  g  e STYLE=superscript  of  direction  in  the  wind.  Upwards  of  60  tons  of  dead  f  owl STYLE=superscript  now  lie  upon  t:  quays  waiting  an  opportunity  for  shipment  to  England  h  a  terra  a  portion  of  John  Bull's  Christmas  cheer.  W  e STYLE=superscript  are STYLE=superscript  re STYLE=superscript  lativ  e  to  be  enabled  to  state  that  the  rumo  r STYLE=superscript  in STYLE=superscript  circulation STYLE=superscript  4  4  4 STYLE=superscript  .tive  to  a  missing  screw  steamer  is  wholly  w  ithout STYLE=superscript  foun foundation STYLE=superscript  dation foundation  %.tioirrii,  DEC.  19.—The  New  Milford,  sloop  , STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  and STYLE=superscript  for STYLE=superscript  Narvon,  which  left  Dublin  on  Saturday,  and  was STYLE=superscript  seen STYLE=superscript  off STYLE=superscript  fi  v  i  w STYLE=superscript  th  harbor  on  Sunday  morning,  with  a  signal  of  distress  As  e  ll STYLE=superscript  Z,  was  after  great  exertion  b9arded  by  Mr.  Samuel STYLE=superscript  Ste Steens, STYLE=superscript  ens, Steens, STYLE=superscript  and  and  crew  of  the  coast  guard,  and  brought  into  Howth  and  safely  moored  yesterday.  th  e  lIIPwaLex.—BALLYCOTTON,  DECEMBER  18 STYLE=superscript  .  — STYLE=superscript  O  n STYLE=superscript  shore, STYLE=superscript  I  h  eehooner  Porto  Novo,  from  Terceira  to  Cork,  la  den STYLE=superscript  with STYLE=superscript  4,.  134 STYLE=superscript  corn  and  fruii,  having  been  driven  in  during  t  he STYLE=superscript  ga  le STYLE=superscript  p,m  .  the  south-east  which  sprung  up  so  suddenly  about  nine  th  e  c  on  yesterday.  The  crew  were  saved  by  the  exerti  ons STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  latt  jerr  ° STYLE=superscript  ast-guard,  and  pilot  John  Reardon  and  his  crew  . STYLE=superscript  ;  these STYLE=superscript  tl  ie  hardy  fellows  narrowly  escaped  being  .  sacrificed  to  g  ro  humanity  and  daring.  The  vessel  having  t  a  ken  the  )l  and  at  about  half-ebb,  in  the  midst  of  the  breakers  , STYLE=superscript  a  nd STYLE=superscript  o STYLE=superscript  t  i) STYLE=superscript  aore  than  three  hundred  yards  off  the  shore,  the  pilot  and  tat  Br STYLE=superscript  ew—having  embarked  the  crew  of  the  schooner,  nine  in  er,  in  the  pilot-boat—volunteered  to  remain  on  board  in  tid  ge  of  her,  in  the  hope  of  being  able,  at  the  rising  of  the  1)06  ° STYLE=superscript  sa.ve  the  cargo  by  running  her  high  on  sere.  Tha  f  r,  ho  Qlows,  seven  in  number,  spent  the  awful  night  in  a  hat  et  Position.  They  were  soon  driven  to  the  rigging  for  Y STYLE=superscript  '  as  the  RA  swept  her  deeb  clear  i  and  as  she  had  taken  `s  f*_.  the  ground,  it  seemed  miraculous  how  the  masts,  to  which  they  clung  for  life,  did  not  give  way—and  thus  they  remained  from  ten  last  night  to  half-past  four  o'clock  this  morning,  the  vessel  threatening  to  go  to  pieces  every  moment,  and  wholly  cut  off  from  possibility  of  relief.  At  the  rising  of  the  tide,  she  was  thrown  helplessly  further  and  further  in,  till  at  length  she  reached  where  she  now  lies  very  high  on  the  strand  ;  but  little  will  remain  to  provide  adequate  compen compention  tion compention  for  those  who  acted  so  nobly,  and  endured  such  peril  during  that  dreadful  night.  Sub-constable  John  Ryan,  at  the  risk  of  his  own  saved  the  life  of  a  boy  of  the  Portuguese  crew,  who  fell  overboard  from  the  boat  which  landed  them.  The  sub-constable  nobly  dashed  into  the  breakers,  and  had  the  satisfaction  of  rescuing  the  poor  youth  after  sinkinc  , STYLE=superscript  several  times.  This  in  itself  ought  to  suggest  an  answer  to  those  who  talk  of  removing  the  police  from  such  a  locality  as.  Ballycotton.  The  plot's  crew  were  only  saved  by  the  efforts  of  the  coast  guard,  who,  by  holding  each  other,  formed  a  chain  from  the  shore  to  the  ship,  and  rescued  them  one  by  one.  Her  cargo  is  all  destroyed.  Her  upper  works,  masts,  and  riggings  are  as  yet  sound,  and  may'  be  of  some  value.  Her  hull  is  a  total  wreck,  and  will  probably  go  to  pieces  with  this  evening's  tide,  which  at  its  height,  with  this  wind,  sweeps  clear  over  the  strand  into  the  bog.—Cork  Constitu Constitution  tion Constitution  the  case  of  King  v.  King,  the  jury  were  yester yesterday  day yesterday  evening  discharged  without  a  verdict.  The  out-door  relief  in  Barton-on-Irwell  last  week  was  299  cases,  and  '599  individuals  ;  the  cost,  £36  3s.  Bd.  in  money  and  kind.  The  deaths  in  the  union  were  79,  the  births  68.  The  lord  mayor  will  not  issue  any  general  order  on  the  subject  of  the  general  holiday  on  the  26th.  The  Locust,  Lieut.  Day,  has  been  awarded  £750  salvage  for  the  Rosalie.  Last  night,  a  man  was  run  over,  and  seriously  injured,  in  Shaw's-brow.  FIRE  LAST  NIGHT.—A  fire  occurred  last  night  in  a  baker's  premises  in  Circus-street,  which,  however,  was  ex extinguished  tinguished extinguished  without  doing  any  extensive  injury.  In  the  case  of  •  St.  Mary's  vicarage,  Shrewsbury,  the  judgment  will  be  delivered  on  Friday  next.  The  object  of  the  relators  is  to  confine  the  incambency  to  the  sons  of  the  burgesses  of  Shrewsbury.  A  young  lad,  named  Amos  Harrington,  was  committed  to  gaol  at  Birmingham,  this  week,  for  stealing  £3O  worth  of  gold  wire  from  his  master.  He  gambled  the  proceeds,  and  was  without  coat  when  taken.  On  Sunday  night  last,  at  Birmingham,  a  ',young  man  named  Hackett,  apprenticed  to  Mr.  Woodhouse,  Birming Birmingham,  ham, Birmingham,  hearing  a  noise  in  his  master's  warehouse,  as  he  passed,  entered,  and  with  another  party  , STYLE=superscript  succeeded  in  capturing  three  burglars.  One  of  them  he  knocked  on  the  head  with  a  poker.  CATHOLIC  SYNOD.  —The  Roman  catholic  clergy  of  the  diocese  of  Liverpool,  held  a  synod  in  the  Roman  catholic  chapel,  Copperas-hill,  on  Tuesday.  Bishops  Brown  and  and  Goss  presided.  The  proceedings  were  strictly  private.  CAB  ACCIDENT.—Last  evening,  a  man  whilst  crossing  at  the  bottom  of  Lord-street,  was  knocked  down  by  a  cab cabhorse.  horse. cabhorse.  Luckily,  he  contrived  to  avoid  the  wheels,  and  escaped  without  any  very  serious  injury.  WHOLESALE  DEALING.—A  man  named  Alfred  Middleton  has  been  committed  at  Wolverhampton  on  a  charge  of  hav having  ing having  forged  two  bills  of  exchange,  each  for  £5O.  He  is  also  charged  with  a  forgery  in  London,  and  three  in  Manchester,  and  has  been  before  convicted.  BARTON-ON-INWELL  BOARD.—SANITARY.—At  the  last  meeting,  of  the  board  of  guardians  of  this  union,  a  me memorial,  morial, memorial,  respecting  the  sanitary  condition  of  Hartford  and  Trafford,  was  nresented,  and  steps  taken  to  induce  the  lord  of  the  soil  to  effect  the  drainage  of  those  districts.  Last  evening  a  fine  male  child  was  found  on  the  steps  of  the  George  Hotel,  Dale-street.  It  was  delivered  over  to  a  police  dicer,  who  conveyed  it  to  the  workhouse.  BE-OPENING  OF  ST.  GEORGE'S  BAZAAR.—Yesterday  this  bazaar,  which  was  recently  destroyed  by  fire,  was  re-opened  to  the  public.  A  sum  nearly  sufficient  to  cover  the  actual  losses  of  the  tenants  has  been  raised  ;  and  the  exertions  of  the  proprietor  to  have  the  bazaar  re-opened,  will  cause  the  Christmas  of  many  of  the  tenants  to  be  merrier  than  they  could  have  otherwise  expected.  A  LUNATIC  BURNED  TO  DEATH.—On  Tuesday,  Mr.  Payne  held  an  inquest  on  the  body  of  Michal  Chapman,  an  unmarried  female  patient  of  Bethlehem-hospital,  aged  47,  who  had  been  burned  to  death  on  the  Sunday  morning  previous.  The  deceased  had  been  in  the  hospital  three  weeks,  and  was  of  a  very  moody  disposition.  LEEDS  CHAMBER  or  OommEucE.—  A  meeting  cf  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  connected  with  the  woollen  trade  was  held  at  the  Leeds  Court-house,  on  Monday,  to  consider  some  proposed  change  in  the  classification  of  woollen  manufactures  in  the  accounts  of  trade,  now  under  consideration  by  the  board  of  trade.  A  schedule  of  the  proposed  changes  was  laid  before  the  meet meeting,  ing, meeting,  and  after  some  conversation  a  committee  was  appointed  to  consider  them,  with  instructions  to  report  their  opinions  to  the  chamber  of  commerce.  WINDSOR  CASTLE.-After  remaining  in  an  unfinished  state  for  several  months,  the  castle  wall  next  Thames-street,  is  again  the  scene  of  operations,  several  masons  being  busily  employed  on  it,  buc  what  shape  is  will  ultimately  assume— assumewhether  whether assumewhether  a  plain  wall  or  magnificent  terrace—is  at  as  yet  un unknown  known unknown  to  the  public.—Bucks  Advertiser.  ENFIELD.—THE  CONSERVATIVE  LAND  SOCIETY.—Last  evening  a  meeting  of  the  inhabitants  of  Enfield  was  held  in  the  Assembly-rooms  of  the  King's  Head  Tavern,  to  hear  an  explanation  of  the  principles  and  plan  of  this  society,  and  of  the  scheme  of  allotment  of  the  Enfield  estate,  to  be  allotted  on  the  4th  of  January  next.  Mr.  Morgan,  the  sur surveyor,  veyor, surveyor,  stated  that,  if  proper  application  were  made  to  the  Eastern  Counties  railway  company,  every  person  building  a  house  of  the  value  of  £5O  per  annum  would  have  a  free  pass  on  the  line  for  the  period  of  21  years.  The  Gazette  of  Tuesday  contains  two  orders  of  the  Queen  in  Council,  for  the  purpose  of  carrying  out  the  copyright  convention  with  the  Free  Hanseatic  City  of  Hamburg,  pub published  lished published  in  the  previous  Gazette.  The  first  establishes  an  in international  ternational international  copyright.  The  second  order  fixes  the  import  duties  of  Hamburg  publications  u  at  the  following  rates  namely,  for  works  originally  produced  within  the  United  Kingdom,  and  re-published  'within  the  state  of  Hamburg,  10s.  per  cwt.  ;  works  not  originally  produced  iu  the  United  Kingdom,  15s.  per  cwt.  ;  prints  or  drawings,  co coloured  loured coloured  or  plain,  single,  each;  bound  or  sewed,  lid.  per  dozen.  APPRENTICESHIP.  - STYLE=superscript  A  question  of  apprenticeship  was  de decided  cided decided  at  Wolverhampton  a  few  days  since.  A  young  lad  was  bound  to  a  loekmaker,  who  died,  and  his  wife  continued  to  carry  on  the  business.  She  was  not  executrix,  however,  and  as  the  executors  did  not  carry  on  the  trade,  they  assigned  the  apprentice  to  the  widow;  with  the  latter  he  refused  to  stay,  and  the  magistrates  held  he  was  not  bound.  A  BRUTE  OF  A  llnswasm.—Yesterday,  at  the  Salford  Town-hall,  a  fellow  named  Edward  Moran,  was  charged  with  having,  about  one  o'clock  the  same  morning,  in  his  house  in  Emmerson-street,  assaulted  his  wife.  It  appeared  that  the  brute  returned  home  drunk  on  Tuesday  night;  that  he  afterwards  struck  his  wife,  knocked  her  down,  kicked  her,  and  jumped  . STYLE=superscript  upon  her  with  both  feet.  To  be  imprisoned,  and  kept  at  hard  labour  for  three  calendar  months.  ALLEGED  DARING  ROBBERY  IN  CLARENDON-STREET.  We  stated  yesterday  that  the  police  had  received  information  of  an  alleged  daring  robbery  at  Mr.  Blackburn's  beer-house,  in  Clarendon-street,  Manchester,  and  added  that  the  case  was  enveloped  in  considerable  mystery.  That  mystery  has  now  been  cleared  up,  for  upon  a  further  search  of  the  house  two  of  the  o  fficers  of  the  D  division  found  concealed  amongst  a  quantity  of  saw-dust  in  the  beer-cellar  a  purse  containing  the  missing  £25.  Sarah  Whittaker,  (aged  22)  sister  of  Mrs.  Blackburn,  the  landlady,  and  who  acted  as  servant  in  the  house,  then  admitted  that  the  story  she  had  made  about  two  men  entering  the  house  and  tying  her  with  a  rope  to  a  table  was  altogether  a  fabrication,  and  that  she  herself  broke  open  the  box  and  took  the  money  therefrom.  She  appears  to  have  been  an  unfortunate  girl  at  Liverpool,  and  admits  that  she  has  been  so  again  in  Manchester.  These  facts  were  elicited  at  the  city  police-court  yesterday,  when,  in  order  that  further  inquiries  might  he  made  about  her,  the  girl  was  remanded  to  Saturday.  THE  WESLEYAN  PROVIDENT  ASSURANCE  SOCIETY.—Last  night,  a  deputation,  consisting  of  Mr.  Hughes  and  Mr.  Lewis,  attended  at  a  meeting  convened  at  the  Royal  Assem Assembly  bly Assembly  Rooms,  Great  George-street,  for  the  purpose  of  explain explaining  ing explaining  the  objects  and  principles  of  this  association  to  the  Liverpool  branch,  and  the  public  in  general.  There  was  but  a  very  small  attendance.  The  chair  was  filled  by  the  Rev.  F.  A.  West,  Wesleyan  minister,  who  briefly  pointed  out  the  objects  of  the  meeting  ;  after  which  the  deputation  gave  a  history  of  the  rise  and  progress  of  the  society,  and  explained  the  advantages  this  society  had  over  many  others,  it  being,  as  they  stated  '  based  upon  data  which  might  be  relied  upon,  to  insure  its  stability,  and  urgently  recommended  it  to  the  attention  of  the  public.  IMPROVEMENT  IN  STEAM  NAVIGATION.  —Considerable  interest  has  been  excited  in  Edinburgh  by  the  successful  trial  of  the  steam-vessel  lately  launched  at  Granton  for  the  deep-sea  fishing,  as  demonstrating  the  practicability  of  a  new  principle  of  steam  propulsion,  superseding  both  the  screw  and  the  paddle,  and  as  likely  to  effect,  in  some  degree,  a  revolution  in  the  art  of  steam  navigation.  The  vessel  is  100  feet  long,  with  engines  of  30-horse  power.  Externally  there  is  nothing  to  distinguish  it  from  a  sailing-vessel,  ex except  cept except  the  presence  on  each  side  of  the  hull  of  a  curved  pipe  10  inches  In  diameter,  termed  a  communicating  with  a  water-tight  iron  case  inside.  In  tie  bottom  of  the  vessel  are  apertures  admitting  the  water  into  a  water-tight  case  with  a  horizontal  wheel  fixed  on  a  crank-shaft  attached  by  piston-rods  to  the  engine,  and,  on  the  steam  being  applied,  the  water-wheel  revolves  with  velocity,  and  the  water  is  discharged  by  the  nozzles  on  each  side  of  the  vessel  These  form  the  only  propelling  power,  ani  the  invention  is  remarkable  for  its  simplicity  an'l  effect.  These  nozzles  also  are  of  service  in  navigating  the  vessel,  which,  according  to  the  angle,  of  depression  or  elevation,  turrs  in  any  direction,  or  stops  altogether,  even  with  the  engires  -working  at  full  power.  Although  capacity  rather  than  Breed  was  studied  in  the  construction  of  the  vessel,  it  easily  attained  11  knots  in  an  hour.  Economy  of  fuel,  freedom  fr)m  vibration,  light  draught,  and  a  high  rate  of  speed  are  anong  the  advantages  of  the  invention.  The  vessel  is  being  Jiooner-rigged,  and,  when  fitted  with  boats  and  fishing  gear,  it  will  proceed  to  the  fishing-ground  in  the  Firth  of  Firth,  and,  by  lowering  the  boats  and  crews,  will  he  able  to  conduct  the  fishing  operations  with  safety  and  celerity.  Messrs.  Ruthven,  of  Edinburgh,  are  the  inventors,  and  the  vessel  is  the  first  of  the  fleet  of  the  Deep  Sea  Fishing  Association  of  Scot Scotland  land. Scotland  —  Globe.  REFORMATION  .OF  JUVENILE  CRIMINALS.  CONFERENCE  AT  BIRMINGHAM.  BIRMINGHAM,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  —A  conference  on  the  subject  of  the  reformation  of  j  uvenile  criminals  has  been  held  at  the  royal  hotel,  in  this  town,  to-day.  There  was  a  very  large  attendance  of  gentlemen  from  all  parts  of  the  country  at  this  morning's  meeting,  the  Right  Hon.  Sir  JOHN  PAKINGTON,  Bart.,  M.P.,  presided;  amongst  his  supporters  we  observed  the  Earl  of  Shaftesbury,  the  Earl  of  Harrowby,  Lord  Calthorpe,  the  Mayor  of  Birmingham,  Xtr:  M.  D.  Hill,  Q.C.,  Mr.  Adderley,  M.P.,  Mr.  M.  Milnes,  M.P.,  Mr.  Joseph  Sturge,  the  Rev.  J.  A.  James,  Capt.  Perry,  Capt.  Tindal,  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  W.  C.  Talbot,  the  Archdeacon  of  Coventry,  Mr.  Jellinger  'Symons,  Mr.  Bass,  M.P.,  Mr.  Smith  Child,  M.P.,  Sir  Francis  Scott,  Mr.  Power  (Recorder  of  Ipswich),  Mr.  Scholefield,  M.P.,  Mr.  Charles  Sturge,  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  G.  M.  Yorke,  Mr.  Muntz.,  M.P,  Mr.  Spooner,  M.P.  The  proceedings  of  the  conference  were  opened  by  prayer,  after  which  WILLIAM  MORGAN,  Esq.,  town  clerk  of  Birmingham  (who,  with  the  Rev.  S.  Turner,  acted  as  secretary  to  the  conference),  read  extracts  from  a  large  number  of  letters  received  from  all  parts  of  the  country,  expressive  of  regret  at  the  inability  of  the  writers  to  be  present.  In  a  letter  from  Mr.  Joseph  Hume,  M.P.,  it  was  said  I  would  sub submit,  mit, submit,  if  I  were  present,  that  the  first  resolution  is  too  limited  in  its  operation  and  scow,  as  it  contemplates  the  wretched  state  of  the  children  only,  and  I  would  venture  to  suggest  that  reformation  is  required  as  much  for  the  interests  of  the  community  at  large  as  for  the  neglected  children,  and  the  conference  of  the  20th  proximo  ought  to  express  by  their  reso resolutions  lutions resolutions  that  the  best  interests  of  our  country,  as  well  as  of  the  cause  of  humanity,  require  the  interference  of  the  legisla legislature  ture legislature  to  arrest,  if  possible,  the  progress  of  ignorance  and  SIR  JOHN  PAKINOTON,  in  formally  opening  the  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  of  the  conference,  passed  in  review  the  action  of  the  friends  of  the  cause  since  the  last  conference,  and  concluded  by  expressing  a  hope  that  the  government  of  England  would  no  longer  be  found  to  be  sluggish—that  the  awakened  public  feeling  would  urge  it  on—and  that  this  country  would  no  longer  delay  following  the  examples  set  to  us  by  all  Europe  and  America.  (Applause.)  The  TOWN-CLERK  read  the  resolutions-the  conference  committee  had  prepared  to  submit  to  the  general.  meeting.  The  Earl  of  SuArrEssuitY  moved  . STYLE=superscript  the  first  resolution,  which  declared  that  the  conference  adopted  the  conclusions  of  the  select  committee  of  the  House  of  Commons,  which,  had  declared  that  a  large  proportion  of  the  present  aggre-'  gate  of  crime  might  be  prevented,  and  thousands  of  miser miserable  able miserable  human  beings  who  have  before  them,  under  the  present  system,  nothing  but  a  hopeless  career  of  wickedness  and  vice,  might  be  converted  into  virtuous,  honest  and  indus industrious  trious industrious  citizens,  if  due  care  were  taken  to  rescue  neglected  and  criminal  children  from  the  dangers  and  temptations  incident  to  their  position.  He  spoke  of  the  •  enormous  cost  resulting  from  a  persistence  in  the  present  system.  At  Liverpool  alone  it  was  estimated  that  there  was  a  loss  of  £700,000  a  - STYLE=superscript  znually  by  pilfering  alone  ;  whereas  one-third  of  that  sum  would  go  very  far  to  carry  out  the  objects  which  this  conference  had  in.trvieis.  In  carrying  out  the  reformatory  system  he  strongly  impressed  upon  the  confe conference  rence conference  the  law  of  kindness.  By  the  adoption  of  that  principle  the  most  beneficial  results  ensued  ;  he  had  witnessed  its  effect  instantaneous  on  the  most  hardened  :  even  the  worst  of  criminals  melt  under  the  influence  of  kindness  •  that  was  the  great  secret  of  the  success  of  the  ragged  schools;  and  in  the  establishment  of  the  reformatory  institutions  he  recom recommended  mended recommended  that  in  all  cases  there  should  be  a  small  number  at  the  commencement,  gradually  increased,  by  which  means  the  whole  number  might  be  leavened,  so  that  the  success  of  the  institution  might  not  be  endangered.  He  recommended  the  union  of  voluntary  labour  with  legislative  enactments  ;  by  voluntary  efforts  alone  could  those  minute,  paternal,  and  individual  exertions  and  appliances  be  brought  to  bear  which  were  invariably  attended  with  the  largest  amount  of  success.  His  lordship  mentioned  an  instance  or  two  of  gratitude  and  thankfulness  on  the  part  of  youths  now  in  a  distant  colony,  in  whose  reformation  he  had  himself  had  concern.  One  young  man  had  sent  over  a  gold  nugget,  with  a  request  that  the  proceeds  of  it  might  be  appropriated  to  the  assistance  of  schools  in  which  he  had  himself  received  instruction.  Major  MALE,  of  the  united  industrial  school  at  Edin Edinburgh,  burgh, Edinburgh,  spoke  of  the  warm  interest  which  his  fellow fellowlabourers  labourers fellowlabourers  in  that  city  took  in  the  proceedings  of  the  present  conference.  The  first  resolution  having  been  unanimously  carried,  Mr.  ADDERLEY,  M.P.,  moved  the  second,  affirming  that  the  conference  is  of  opinion  that  the  country  requires  legis legislation  lation legislation  for  the  encouragement  of  reformatory  schools  for  children  convicted  of  crime  or  habitual  vagrancy,  and  that  such  schools  should  be  founded  and  supported  partially  by  local  funds  and  partially  by  contributions  from  the  state  accompanying  it  with  a  few  remarks  in  reference  to  his  bill  before  parliament.  The  Rev.  J.  A.  JAMES  seconded  the  resolution.  Mr.  JOSEPH  STUEGE  was  afraid  that  in  their  zeal  for  legislative  enactment  they  would  b*  depressing  voluntary  exertions  ;  for  his  part,  he  would  rather  that  legislative  enactment  was  deferred  for  a  year  or  two,  the  government  in  the  meantime  encouraging  the  efforts  to  establish  these  institutions  as  much  as  possible.  The  Earl  of  HARUoWBY  concurred  to  some  extent  with  Mr.  Sturge  in  the  opinion  he  had  expressed.  At  the  same  time  legislation  was  necessary,  in  order  to  enable  magistrates  to  commit  to  a  school  instead  of  a  gaol.  Mr.  Pownn,  Recorder  of  Ipswich,  said  that  he  approved  of  Mr.  Adderley's  bill  so  far  as  it  went  ;  but  with  reference  to  it,  and  especially  the  narrow  limits  of  the  second  clause,  he  hoped  to  see  it  considerably  stretched.  Mr.  M.  MILNES,  M.P.,  thought  that  Mr.  Adderley  had  done,  well  in  limiting  his  bill  to  a  small.  surface  ;  he  hoped,  however,  that  it  would  gain  in  expanse  and  breadth.  One'  important  question  for  consideration  would  be  as  to  the  par particular  ticular particular  species  of  crime  to  which  these  reformatory  institu institutions  tions institutions  should  be  chiefly  opened  ;  but  looking  to  the  pressing  nature  of  the  question,  and  the  immensity  of  its  importance,  it  appeared  to  him  that  there  was  no  time  for  delay  in  the  matter  of  legislation.  He  believed  there  was  some  anxiety'  abroad  on  the  subject,  and  an  idea  was  prevalent  that  punish  ments  were  to  be  altogether  abandoned  ;  he  begged  at  once  to  state  that  such  was  not  the  fact;  in  some  cases  corporal  punishment  would  still  be  inflicted.  Mr.  M.  D.  HILL,  Q.C.,  protested  against  any  such  perni pernicious  cious pernicious  fallacy  as  Mr.  Milnes  had  just  broached;  they  were  there  because  they  were  in  advance  of  public  opinion,  and  for  his  own  part  he  would  never  lend  himself, STYLE=superscript  however  humble  he  might  be,  to  the  continuance  of  a  system  simply  to  satisfy  public  opinion  ;  he  denied  that  young  !criminals  were  to  be  reformed  by  persistence  in  such  punishments  as  Mr.  Milnes  had  referred  to,  and  whatever  public  opinion  might  say,  he  would  never  cease  to  inveigh  against  it  so  long  as  he  beheved  it  to  be  erroneous.  Mr.  MILNES  explained  that  his  meaning  simply  was  that  a  child  should  be  subjected  to  the  punishment  suitable  to  a  child.  Mr.  JELLINGER  SYMONDS  agreed  that  some  moderate  chastisement,  suitable  to  juveniles,  would  be  found  necessary.  There  was  a  considerable,  but  somewhat  desultory,  dis discussion,  cussion, discussion,  in  reference  to  the  point  .as  to  the  particular  cha character  racter character  of  the  punishments  to  be  inflicted  in  the  reformatory  institutions  ;  some  gentlemen  were  opposed  to  any  .  punish punishment  ment punishment  whatever,  whilst  others  were  for  a  moderate  degree  of  punishment,  and  the  reception  of  the  criminals  at  first  into  a  species  of  Juvenile  House  of  Correction.  There  was  some  diversity  of  opinion  in  reference  to  this  matter  of  detail,  and  also  with  reference  to  the  age  at  which  youths  should  be  considered  as  still  not  too  old  for  reception  amongst  juvenile  criminals.  Sixteen  was  the  age  named,  but  Lord  HARnownv  said  he  would  not  pledge  himself  to  be  bound  by  any  decision  of  this  conference  in  the  matter  of  never  committing  criminals  to  gaol  who  were  sixteen  years  of  age.  Ultimately,  one  or  two  verbal  amendments  having  been  moved,  the  resolutions  were  put  seriatim,  and  carried.  Mr.  Hir,L,  Q.C.,  announced,  with  reference  to  the  £2OO,  for  the  best  essay,  offered  by  Lady  Byron  at  the  last  con conference,  ference, conference,  that  it  had  been  increased  to  £3OO,  in  consideration  of  two  of  the  essays  sent  in  being  of  the  highest,  ae  won  as  of  equal  merit.  He  further  announced  that  her  ladyship  offered  to  defray  all  the  expenses  of  a  lecturer,  if  it  was  thought  by  this  conference  that  the  employment  of  such  means  would  aid  the  object  they  had  assembled  to  promote.  Thanks  were  then  voted  to  her  ladyship,  and  the  matter  was  referred  to  the  committee.  Late  in  the  afternoon  the  conference  adjourned,  after  a  vote  of  thanks  had  been  accorded  to  Sir  John  Pakington.  The  public  mooting.takes  place  this  evening,  at  the  Town  Hall,  the  Earl  of  Shaftesbury  in  the  chair.  POTATO  RIOTS.—The  good  and  sensible  people  of  Sligo  persist  in  preventing  the  exportation  of  potatoes  ,  and  so  violent  has  been  their  conduct,  that  the  authorities  are,  it  is  said;  about  to  interpose  force  to  prevent  them,  from  inter interfering  fering interfering  with  the  operations  of  supply  and  demand.  On  yesteriay,  Miss  Dodd,  of  Robert-street,  Moon-street,  Manchester,  was  knocked  down,  and  run  over  by  a  van,  driven  by  a  man  named  Nicholl,  who  sat  with  the  owner,  who  is  named  Houghton.  Both  are  committed.  There  were,  fortunately,  no  bones  broken.  JOHN  B.  LLOYD  ESQ.,  Mayor,  has  in  compliance  with  a  requisition  numerously  signed,  called  a  town's-meeting  on  the  subject  of  decimal  coinage.  His  Worship  has  also  issued  a  notice  requesting  that  Monday  may  be  kept  as  a  holiday  throughout  the  borough.  Richard  Harington,  D.D.,  late  Principal  of  Brasenose,  was  the  third  son  of  the  eighth  baronet  of  that  name,  and  was  born  .April  the  26th,  1800.  He  had,  therefore,  not  completed  his  54th  year.  His  loss  is  deeply  and  sincerely  deplored  both  in  the  University  and  in  the  city  of  Oxford.  THE  COUNTY  OP  MIDDLESEX.-It  is  shown  by  a  return  just  published  that  the  acreage  of  the  various  parishes  in  Middlesex  comprises  100,127  acres,  2  roods,  and  16  perches.  The  poor-rate  at  Lady-day  last  year  amounted  to  £364  650  14s.  hd.  PERUVIAN  DEBT.  —Facts  have  transpired  in  relation  to  the  debt  of  Peru  arid  to  the  financial  Mal-administration  of  that  state,  that  ought  to  be  received  as  an  additional  warning  to  the  British  public  to  eschew  participation  in  foreign  loans.,  In  1851  the  domestic  debt  of  Peru  amounted  to  only  about  5,260,000  dollars,  It  appears  that  during  the  last  two  years,  unkriown  to  the  bulk  of  the  English  bondholders,  a  systein  has  been  pursued,  by  the  Peruvian  government  by  which  this  debt  has  been  raised  to  the  large  sum  of  23,000,000  dole.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
