text
"DREADFUL  MURDER  .AND  BURGLARY  IN  BEDFORDSHIRE.  LEIGHTON  BUZZARD,  Saturday  Evening.—The  inhabitants  of  this  town  are  greatly  agitated  by  two  crimes  of  unusual  magnitude  which  have  happened  in  close  succession—the  first  the  brutal  murder  of  an  old  woman,  and  the  second  the  plunder  of  property  from  a  jeweller's  shop  to  the  extent  of  about  £l,OOO.  The  murder  was  perpetrated  yesterday  morning,  in  the  adjoining  village  of  Heath-and-Reach,  and  the  robbery  was  effected  early  ,this  morning  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Alfred  Matthews,  one  of  the  most  respectable  trades tradesmen  men tradesmen  of  the  town;  but  these  crimes,  occurring  at  almost  the  same  time,  have  no  necessary  connexion.  Heath-and-Reach  is  a  long  and  lonely  village  ;  a  good  proportion  of  its  inhabitants  may  fairly  be  described  as  unusually  ignorant,  and  wild  and  fanatical  religious  opinions  distinguish  many  of  them.  Thi  s  requ  i  res  t  o  be  mentioned  in  the  present  narrative,  because  it  may  in  some  measure  account  for  the  extraordinary  disposition  of  a  man  named  Abel  Burrews,  who  has  just  been  conveyed  to  Bedford  gaol  on  a  charge  of  having  murdered  Charity  Glenister,  a  woman  76  years  of  age.  Burrews  is  a  labouring  man,  whose  tem temperament  perament temperament  inclined  him  to  Primitive  Methodism  ;  but  it  is  right  to  say,  that  for  the  last  few  years  he  seems  to  have  forsaken  practical  religion  for  the  most  dissipated  kind  of  life,  mixing  up,  however,  his  religious  predilections  with  his  numerous  dissipations.  On  Friday  morning  he  rose  from  breakfast,  threatening  vengeance  against  some  person,  and  arming  himself  with  a  road-man's  stone  hammer,  sought  the  unfortunate  Old  as  he  called  her,  evidently  with  the  intention  of  putting  her  to  death.  The  old  woman,  who  is  in  no  way  related  to  him,  seems  to  have  been  pro protected  tected protected  for  a  little  by  a  man  named  Adams,  whom  Burrews  met  at  the  top  of  the  stairs,  but  Adams,  having  received  a  blow,  ran  off,  when  Burrews  in  the  most  ferocious  man manner  ner manner  hurled  the  hammer  on  the  woman's  head,  repeating  his  blows,  and  of  course  striking  her  to  the  floor  and  de depriving  priving depriving  her  of  all  consciousness.  A  police-constable  named  Fowler  lived  in  the  next  house,  and  alarmed  by  the  occur occurrence,  rence, occurrence,  rushed  to  the  scene  of  action  and  secured  the  murderer,  but  too  late  to  prevent  the  fatal  consequences  of  his  conduct,  for  though  the  poor  victim  breathed  for  an  hour  or  two,  she  never  recovered  her  consciousness  or  rallied  for  a  single  moment.  Fowler  put  handcuffs  upon  Burrows,  and  a  message  was  dispatched  to  Leighton  for  surgical  aid.  The  medical  men  found  the  skull  in  several  places  com completely  pletely completely  shattered,  and  proceeded  to  extract  fragments  of  the  bone,  but  without  the  least  hope  that  any  treatment  would  save  the  woman's  life.  While  this  process  was  going  on,  Burrews,  handcuffed  and  in  the  custody  of  the  constable,  continued  to  stamp  his  foot  upon  tho  ground,  and  to_  make  use  of  such  words  as  Hallelujah  Praise  the  Lord  !  and  similar  expressions,  to  which  he  was  accustomed  in  what  may  be  termed  his  religious  exercises.  Superintendent  Young  conveyed  him  safely  to  Bedford  gaol  to  await  his  examination.  We  need  not  say  that  an  occurrence  so  horrible  has  rendered  the  villagers  almost  unfit  for  any  other  occupation  than  that  of  gazing  upon  the  spot  where  the  murder  was  committed,  and  speculating  upon  the  motives  or  the  madness  which  may  have  led  to  it.  The  housebreaking  and  robbery  effected  upon  the  pre premises  mises premises  of  Mr.  Matthews,  is  one  of  the  most  dexterous  tran transactions  sactions transactions  of  that  kind  which  the  annals  of  crime  can  reveal  ;  and  it  is  important  that  the  truth  should  be  elicited,  in  order  that  tradesmen  throughout  the  country  may  be  upon  their  gaard  against  the  visits  of  metropolitan  thieves,  and  also  that  Mr.  Matthews  may,  if  possible,  be  saved  from  ruin  by  the  discovery  of  the  property  stolen  from  his  premises.  His  house  and  shop  are  situated  in  the  most  public  part  of  Leighton,  and  he  has  occupied  the  premises  for  many  years  as  watchmaker,  jeweller,  &amp;c.,  having  necessarily  at  all  times  a  large  amount  of  property  intrusted  to  his  care  for  cleaning  and  repair.  On  Friday  night  he  locked  up  his  shop  and  house,  and  with  the  household,  consisting  only  of  an  ap apprentice  prentice apprentice  and  a  sister,  retired  to  bed,  leaving,  as  was  custom customary,  ary, customary,  two  dogs  down  stairs,  the  one  loose  and  the  other  tied  up.  Nothing  whatever  disturbed  the  slumbers  of  this  family—there  was  not  even  the  bark  from  one  of  the  dogs  to  create  suspicion;  but  in  the  morning  the  apprentice,  on  going  down  stairs  into  the  shop,  found  that  the  door  shutter,  which  fastened  inside,  had  already  been  removed,  and  that  the  watches  and  jewellery  in  the  windows  were  gone.  He  in instantly  stantly instantly  proceeded  to  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Matthews's  bedroom  and  asked  his  master  if  he  had  removed  the  watches  and  jewellery.  Mr.  Matthews  replied,  Certainly  said  the  lad,  some  one  has  cleared  them  out  for  Mr.  Matthews  came  down  stairs,  and  upon  investigating  the  premises,  dis discovered  covered discovered  that  all  was  gone  except  the  clocks  and  other  large  and  unwieldy  articles.  The  thieves  had  opened  the  cases  and  taken  everything,  with  the  sole  exception  of  a  brooch,  which  seems  to  have  fallen  out  of  their  fingers,  and  a  small  piece  of  a  Geneva  repeater  ;  they  must  have  lit  up  the  shop,  and  calmly,  but  dexterously,  have  packed  up  every  article  which  would  come  within  a  narrow  compass.  It  was  soon  discovered  in  what  way  the  robbers  effected  an  entrance,  and  this  will  show  how  very  much  the  whole  proceeding.  was  the  result  of  arrangement.  The  house  is  three  stories  high.  Miss  Matthews  slept  in  the  top  story,  and  in  the  middle  were  the  bedrooms  of  Mr.  Matthews  and  the  apprentice  ;  below,  the  business  premises.  Adjoining  the  bedrooms  in  the  middle  story  is  a  sitting-room,  NI,  rich  fronts  the  street,  with  a  window  overlooking  iron  rails,  which  stand  in  front  of  the  shop.  One  of  the  panes  of  glass  in  this  window  had  been  opened  by  an  instrument,  and  in  such  a  position  as  to  admit  a  hand  to  unfasten  the  snap,  and  the  person  who  accomplished  this  must  have  been  assisted  by  another  standing  upon  the  iron  rails.  Once  in  the  sitting-room,  the  thief  who  acted  as  leader  would  seem  to  have  passed  the  bedrooms  of  Mr.  Matthews  and  his  apprentice,  the  doors  of  which  were  open,  and  to  have  gone  down  stairs,  quieting  the  dogs  by  some  chemical  process,  and  opened  the  front  door,  and  thus  allowed  his  companion  to  enter.  The  dogs  were  discovered  next  morning  still  in  a  state  of  stupe stupefaction.  faction. stupefaction.  The  articles  which  the  thieves  managed  to  secure  comprehended  8  or  10  gold  watches,  about  150  silver  watches,  12  gold  Albert  chains,  6  silver  guards,  with  silver  pencil  cases,  dessert  spoons,  table  spoons,  fish  knifes,  gold  and  silver  jewellery,  electro-plate  spoons,  wedding  rings,  &amp;c.,  indeed,  all  the  usual  stock  of  a  jeweller's  shop,  and  which  Mr.  Matthews  would  not  be  able  to  replace  for  less  than  £l,OOO.  Mr.  Matthews  lost  not  a  moment  in  calling  in  the  assist assistance  ance assistance  of  the  police.  It  soon  came  out  that  three  persons  in  gentlemanly  attire,  reached  Leighton  last  night,  by  the  mail  train,  at  half-past  10,  and  took  up  their  quarters  at  the  Sun  Inn.  They  inquired  about  a  mail  train  leaving  Leighton  for  London  in  the  morning,  and  they  found  there  was  no  such  means  at  their  command.  They  remained  in  the  Sun  Inn  till  about  one  o'clock,  and  departed,  saying  to  the  landlord  that  they  would  not  need  sleeping  accommoda accommodation  tion accommodation  there,  as  they  should  go  elsewhere.  Suspicion,  of  course,  at  once  fell  upon  them.  Inquiries  were  made  at  all  the  railway  stations,  but  without  avail,  and  Mr.  Matthews,  with  the  landlord  of  Sun,  and  a  constable,  proceeded  to  London,  to  give  the  metropolitan  force  the  earliest  informa information  tion information  of  the  facts.  The  landlord  of  the  Sun  says  he  shall  be  able  to  identify  the  men  who  were  at  his  house.  The  only  cabinet  ministers  absent  from  the  council  on  Friday,  were  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  and  the  Duke  of  Argyle.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  AT  SHEFFIELD.—On  Thursday  night  the  shop  of  Mr.  Schwarar,  clock  and  watch-maker,  Westbar-green,  was  broken  into,  and  gold  and  silver  watches,  &amp;c.,  to  the  value  of  about  £l2O  were  stolen.  Owing  to  the  activity  of  the  police,  within  half.  an-hour  of  the  discovery  of  the  robbery  £lOO  worth  of  the  goods  was  recovered.  The  facts  connected  with  this  singular  case  are  these  :—About  half-past  one  o'clock,  a.m.,  police-constable  Rushton,  while  on  duty  in  Silver-street,  saw  two  men  lurking  about,  and  as  he  approached  them  they  ran  off.  Rather  more  than  a  quarter  of  an  hour  afterwards  he  again  descried  the  same  two  men  in  Westbar-green,  and  chased  them  for  some  distance,  but  they  escaped  up  a  passage.  As  he  returned  along  Westbar-green  he  found  on  the  ground  a  gold  watch-case.  He  at  once  concluded  that  the  men  whom  he  had  been  phasing  had  committed  a  robbery  somewhere  in  that  neighbourhood,  and  while  proceeding  down  the  street  he  saw  Mr.  Schwarar's  shop  door  wide  open.  He  imme immediately  diately immediately  aroused  Mr.  Schwarar,  and  it  was  then  found  that  a  large  glass-case,  four  feet  long  and  a  foot  wide,  which  con contained  tained contained  five  gold  watches,  23  silver  watches,  three  gold  watch-guards,  five  silver  ones,  and  a  number  of  other  guards,  had  been  stolen  ;  and  also  four  or  fiye  other  old  silver  watches  frt.,.  ..uther  case  which  had  been  broken  open.  Sergeants  Rodgers  and  Hatfield  made  an  examination  of  the  premises  ;  and,  feeling  convinced  that  the  large  glass  case  must  be  secreted  somewhere  in  the  neighbourhood,  for  the  thieves  could  not  have  had  time  to  carry  it  any  distance,  the  officers  commenced  a  rigorous  search.  TL  err  labours  were  very  soon  rewarded.  In  No.  5  court,  Westbar-green,  they  found  the  glass-case  with  the  whole  of  its  contents  untouched.  It  was  just  as  it  had  been  taken  from  the  shop,  with  the  exception  that  a  small  time-piece  shade  had  been  broken.  The  thieves  had  evidently  been  afraid  to  break  open  the  glass  doors  in  the  shop,  and  had  been  disturbed  while  in  the  passage  by  the  approach  of  Rushton  before  they  had  time  to  strip  it  of  its  contents.  The  only  booty,  therefore,  which  the  thieves  obtained  was  the  four  or  five  old  silver  watches,  worth  about  £l5.  The  premises  had  been  entered  in  a  very  easy  manner.  Over  the  shop  door  there  is  a  small  window  which  is  ordinarily  secured  by  two  bolts.  Somehow  or  other  this  window  had  been  left  unbolted.  The  thieves,  therefore,  met  with  no  obstruction.  Some  one  had  been  put  through  the  window  into  the  shop,  and  then  the  door  had  been  unfastened.  There  was  a  young  man  sleeping  in  the  room  above  the  shop,  but  it  appears  that  the  thieves  were  so  noiseless  in  their  operations  that  he  was  not  awoke.  GREAT  IRISH  EXHIBITION.-MR.  D.  JONES.—The  fol following  lowing following  is  from  Saunders's  News  Letter,  Dublin  journal  :  We  understand  that  all  the  officers  connected  with  the  Dublin  Exhibition  have  in  the  handsomest  manner  come  forward  for  the  purpose  of  presenting  Mr.  T.  D.  Jones,  the  financial  officer,  with  a  testimonial  worthy  of  the  occasion.  The  presentation  consists  of  a  handsome  tea  service  of  plate,  manufactured  by  T.  Bennett,  of  Grafton-street,  and  a  mag magnificent  nificent magnificent  salver  from  the  celebrated  establishment  of  Elking Elkington  ton Elkington  and  Mason.  The  salver  is  now  engraving,  and  bears  the  following  inscription  Presented  by  the  officers  of  the  Great  Industrial  Exhibition  of  1853,  to  Thomas  Dillon  Jones,  Esq.  (chief  financial  officer),  in  testimony  of  his  urbanity  of  manner,  gentlemanly  demeanour,  and  energy  of  action,  In  the  discharge  of  his  responsible  and  onerous  duties.-Ist  November,  It  gives  us  pleasure  to  find  the'  indefatigable  exertions  of  Mr.  Jones  so  highly  appre appreciated,  ciated, appreciated,  and  by  those  by  whom  his  official  experience  can  bo  ,  best  attested;  COUNTY  COURT.  Y  ESTERDAY.  BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ.,  JUDGE.  GRAY  V.  DILLEMORE.  —The  plaintiff  is  a  nurseryman  at  West  Derby,  and  the  defendant  is  a  gardener,  having  a  stand  in  St.  John's  Market,  and  the  action,  though  nominally  brought  to  recover  £2,  was  in  reality  only  for  6d.,  that  being  the  sum  in  dispute  between  the  parties.  His  Honor  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  and  in  doing  so,  commented  on  the  absurdity  of  parties  coming  into  a  court  of  justice,  and  ineurrinz,  loss  of  time  and  costs  four  times  the  amount  of  the  item  in  dispute,  for  so  paltry  a  sum  as  sixpence.  The  costs,  exclusive  of  the  hearing  fees,  amounted  to  two  shillings.  OWEN  V.  BENNETT.—The  plaintiff,  Mr.  Hugh  Owen,  is  a  builder  and  joiner,  residing  at  6,  Newington,  and  the  de defendant,  fendant, defendant,  Mr.  John  Bennett,  is  also  a  builder,  residing  in  Radcliffe-street,  Low-hill,  and  the  action  was  brought  to  re recover  cover recover  £7  45.,  value  of  a  quantity  of  sand  sold  to  the  de defendant.  fendant. defendant.  Mr.  Smith  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  lime  for  the  defendant,  by  whom  it  was  contended  that  the  sand  had  not  been  sold  but  given  to  him,  in  order  to  save  to  the  plaintiff  the  expense  of  carting  it  away.  It  was  also  alleged  that  the  sand  was  not  of  the  value  stated.  His  Honor  gave  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  £4.  WOOD  V.  JARVIS.—Mr.  Almond  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  who  is  a  merchant  in  this  town,  and  Mr.  Hime  for  the  de defendant,  fendant, defendant,  master  of  the  From  the  statement  of  Mr  Almond  it  appeared  that  the  plaintiff  had  chartered  the  in  March  last  to  bring  a  general  cargo  from  Nassau  to  Liverpool.  In  the  bill  of  lading  received  by  the  plaintiff,  among  the  items  set  forth  as  having  been  shipped  to  him,  were  eight  hundred  dozen  of  pine  apples,  and  sixty sixtysix  six sixtysix  turtle  ;  but  on  the  arrival  here  of  the  in  July,  only  six  hundred  dozen  of  pine  apples,  and  forty-six  live,  and  three  dead  turtle  were  delivered.  The  present  action  was  accordingly  brought  to  recover  £4O,  the  estimated  value  of  the  deficiency  in  the  cargo.  The  captain  alleged  that  lie  had  shipped  22  of  the  turtle  for  himself,  and  he  also  'produced  a  receipt  from  the  Messrs.  Thompson  and  Son,  of  Nassau,  which  showed  that  he  had  purchased  from  them,  and  shipped  on  his  own  account,  six  dozen  of  pine  apples.  The  case  was  about  half  heard,  when,  at  the  suggestion  of  his  Honor,  a  consultation  took  place  between  the  profes professional  sional professional  gentlemen  engaged  in  the  matter;  and,  after  some  deliberation  Mr.  ALMOND  informed  the  court  that  they  had  agreed  to  take  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  £22  9s.  7d.,  without  costs.  Mr.  RIME  observed  that  he  thought  it  right  to  say  that  had  the  case  been  proceeded  with,  they  were  prepared  to  account  satisfactorily  for  every  item  shipped.  His  HONOR  :  I  am  glad  it  has  been  settled,  because  if  it  had  gone  on  it  was  quite  clear  that  there  might  have  been  some  imputations  thrown  out,  which  are  now  avoided.  In  recording  the  verdict,  his  Honor  remarked,  that  this  was  one  of  those  cases  in  which  it  was  for  the  benefit  of  both  parties  to  have  professional  assistance,  as  without  it  the  case  would  not  have  been  so  arranged.  JONES  V.  PARDEW.  —The  plaintiff  is  a  licensed  victualler  and  boarder  in  this  town,  and  the  defendant  is  a  smith  in  Sheerness  dockyard,  Kent;  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  £6  18s.  6d.,  under  the  following  circumstances  :—lt  appeared  that  some  time  since  the  defendant's  son,  who  was  an  apprentice  on  board  a  vessel,  came  to  this  port  and  put  up  at  the  plaintiff's  establishment.  He  was  boarded  and  lodged  for  some  time  and  also  supplied  with  clothes,  and  on  the  father  being  communicated  with,  a  letter  was  received  from  him  stating  that  he  would  send  a  bill  of  exchange  for  the  amount  (E  6  18s.  6d.)  if  his  son  returned  to  him.  The  son  did  not  return,  and  it  was  contended  that  the  quasi quasirecognition  recognition quasirecognition  or  adoption  of  the  son's  contract  by  the  father  could  not  be  held  as  valid  or  completed.  His  HoNon  concurred  in  this  view,  and  the  plaintiff  was  accordingly  nonsuited.  At  Woolwich  there  is  the  large  number  of  28,000  ship  and  garrison  guns  arranged  on  the  ground  of  the  arsenal,  on  the  south  side  of  the  stores,  and  upwards  of  4,000,000  cannon  balls  and  shells  on  the  ther.  REPORTED  APPROACHING  MARRIAGE  OF  THE  PRINCESS  MARY  OF  CAMBRIDGE.---The  Gazetta  di  Genova  of  the  19th  instant,  copying  from  the  Parliament°  of  Turin,  announces  the  approaching  marriage  of  H.R.H.  Princess  Mary  of  Cam Cambridge  bridge Cambridge  with  Prince  Napoleon,  son  of  Prince  Jerome  Bona Bonaparte.  parte. Bonaparte.  We  cannot,  of  course,  certify  the  correctness  of  this  report,  nor  should  we  insert  it  had  it  not  gained  ground  among  the  highest  circles  in  Loudon  an  1  Paris.  It  would,  indeed,  be  a  singular  instance  of  the  vicissitudes  of  fortune  and  the  short-sighted  speculations  of  our  greatest  men  if  a  Bonaparte  should  be  united  to  a  fine  d'Angleterre.&#34;—  Rerald.  POLICE  NEGLIGENCE.—On  Sunday  night,  as  the  machine machineman  man machineman  of  this  office  was  passing  through  Rodney-street,  on  his  route  to  this  office,  he  was  knocked  down  by  one  or  two  drunken  fellows  whom  he  encountered  on  the  way.  Our  employe  was  at  the  time  keeping  the  middle  of  the  street,  and  after  he  met  the  violence  he  complained  to  policeman  463,  pointing  out  the  men  who  had  assaultEd  him.  The  policeman  refused  either  to  take  them  into  custody  for  an  unprovoked  assault,  or  even  to  ascertain,  or  endeavour  to  as ascertain  certain ascertain  who  they  were.  Now,  we  may  ask  the  officers,  what  is  the  use  of  a  police  force  in  Liverpool,  if  they  refuse  to  sake  any  stops  to  prosorvo  peaceable  citizens  from  assault,  or  to  make  known  the  peace-breakers  to  the  law.  FATAL  Gri.;  ACCIDENr.—On  Saturday  a  young  man  named  Daniel  Watkins,  son  of  Lewis  Watkins,  a  farmer,  residing  at  Rumney,  came  to  a  sudden  and  violent  end  while  out  shoot shooting.  ing. shooting.  It  appears  that  he  was  leaping  across  a  ditch  with  his  loaded  gun  in  his  hand,  and  on  alighting  on  the  other  side  he  must  have  jarred  the  gun,  which  went  off,  and  the  whole  of  the  charge  entered  his  right  side  below  the  ribs,  and  passed  through  his  liver  into  his  chest.  He  lingered  for  about  an  hour  in  great  agony,  and  then  death  terminated  his  sufferings.  The  charge  had  made  a  large  round  hole,  through  which  the  cavity  of  the  chest  might  be  plainly  seen.  This  is  another  warning  to  young  men  against  the  incautious  use  of  firearms.  THE  Lim  Foes.  —The  dense  fogs  which  have  prevailed  during  the  past  week  have  caused  considerable  detention  to  the  steamers  plying  between  Bristol,  Newport,  and  Cardiff.  The  Swift,  for  Cardiff,  did  not  start  from  Monday  to  Wed Wednesday.  nesday. Wednesday.  The  Dart  missed  her  due  time  every  tide  from  New Newport  port Newport  to  Bristol.  The  Avon  screw  steamer  was,  however,  the  most  unfortunate,  as  on  her  voyage  from  Newport  to  Bristol  she  went  ashore  at  the  round  point  on  the  Bristol  river  (near  where  the  Demerara  struck),  in  endeavouring  to  avoid  the  Jenny  Jones.  She  remained  in  this  position  from  11  o'clock  in  the  morning  till  Bat  night.  No  injury  was  sustained  by  the  vessel  or  passengers.  The  fog  was  so  dense  at  the  time  that  steamers  passing  were  not  observed  by  each  other.  WATER  IN  MANCHESTER.—The  works  are  nearly  Com Completed  pleted Completed  ;  little  more  money  remains  to  be  expended,  and  they  are  expected  to  bring  to  Manchester  upwards  of  25,000,000  gallons  of  water  daily.  Up  to  the  present  time  only  8,000,000  to  10,000,000  gallons  have  been  received,  and  that  quantity  has  been  found  sufficient  to  meet  the  demands  for  domestic,  and  trading  purposes  ;  and  there  is  little  doubt  that  for  many  years  to  come  there  will  be  a  surplus  beyond  the  quantity  required  for  public  and  domestic  purposes  of  15.000,000  gallons  of  water  daily,  or  thereabouts,  to  be  disposed  of  for  trading  purposes.  Already  an  income  of  £14,000  is  received  for  water  sold  for  trading  purposes  ;  the  demand  steadily  in-creases,  and  it  is  confidently  anticipated  that  in  the  course  of  a  few  years  three  or  four  times  that  amount  will  be  annually  obtained  from  this  source.—Letter  from  the  Town  Clerk.  FATAL  GUNPOWDER  EXPLOSION.—A  man-  named  Jesse  Turner,  a  blacksmith  employed  on  the  works  of  the  North  Devon  Railway,  now  in  course  of  construction,  was  killed  by  the  explosion  of  gunpowder  a  few  days  ago,  at  a  village  called  Dunn  St.  Mary,  in  Devonshire.  It  appeared  that  more  than  4  cwt.  of  powder,  for  the  prpose  of  blasting  rocks,  had  been  imprudently  deposited  in  the  blacksmith's  shop,  where  the  deceased  was  accustomed  to  work.  A  por portion  tion portion  of  it  had  been  removed,  and  in  doing  so  it  is  thought  that  a  small  quantity  escaped  from  the  barrel  to  the  ground.  At  all  events,  when  the  explosion  occurred,  there  was  more  than  2  cwt.  of  gunpowder  in  close  contiguity  with  the  smith's  forge.  Whether  a  spark  lighted  on  the  powder  sup supposed  posed supposed  to  have  been  accidentally  scattered  on  the  ground,  and,  being  fired,  communicated  with  the  powder  in  the  bar barrel,  rel, barrel,  or  whether  a  spark  fell  through  the  crevice  of  the  barrel,  is  not  known.  But  it  appears  that  while  the  poor  man  was  at  work  in  the  shop,  a  terrific  explosion  took  place  ;  was  blown  up,  his  faca  was  dreadfully  injured,,  and  he  sustained  such  severe  injuries  that  he  expired  shortly  afterwards.  A  Tuniusii  LADY.—One  was  young  and  pretty,  with  a  very  sweet  mouth,  something  like  Lizzy's,  only  fuller  lips.  She  had  very  lively,  bright,  expressive,  large  dark  eyes,  tinged  with  antimony  ;  beautiful  white  teeth,  with.  rosy  lips,  a  colour  in  her  cheek,  and  a  complexion  not  darker  than  a  Spaniard's  or  Italian's.  She  wore  a  little  skull  cap,  embroidered  by  herself  in  gold  and  silver  braid,  her  front  hair  in  little  thin  curls  parted  on  her  forehead,  the  rest  of  her  tresses  hanging  behind  in  two  plaits.  She  had  a  sort  of  loose  shirt,  of  rose-coloured  satin,  reaching  to  the  hips,  with  full  sleeves,  and  fastened  at  the  throat,  very  wide  green  satin  trousers,  so  full  that  they  looked  like  a  petticoat,  and  a  row  of  silver  tangles,  six  inches  deep  on  each  arm,  finished  by  a  gold  one  ;  silver  chains  round  her  neck,  pretty  gold  earrings  something  like  the  Genoese  filagree,  but  the  top  of  each  ear  disfigured,  and  made  to  hang  over  by  the  weight  of  half-a-dozen  large  gold  rings.—Airs.  Colin  Afalkenzie.  BOILER-BURSTING  PREVENTED.—The  Nashville  Banner  editor  has  seen  and  examined  an  invention  which  puts  it  out  of  the  power  of  an  engineer  to  explode  a  boiler,  either  through  negligence  or  purposely.  This  improvement  pro provides  vides provides  the  upper  part  of  the  boiler  with  two  openings  or  aper apertures,  tures, apertures,  in  addition  to  that  for  the  safety  valve,  and  the  bot bottom  tom bottom  of  the  boiler  with  one.  These  apertures  are  closed  by  one  cylinder  and  piston,  and  by  two  valves  which  are  ar arranged  ranged arranged  to  pass  the  water  from  the  boiler  on  to  the  fire  under  it,  when  the  steam  gets  to  a  given  height,  thus  dampening  down  the  fires  .  ,  and  preventing  explosion  should  the  safety  valve  and  engineers  fail  to  perform  their  functions.  This  safety  guard  is  intended  to  be  independent  of  the  engineer,  beyond  his  control  entirely,  to  be  enclosed,  locked  up,  and  the  key  placed  in  possession  of  the  captain,  the  inspector  having  previously  determined  the  amount  of  pressure  the  boiler  will  bear,  and  adjusted  the  pea  upon  the  lever  accord accordingly.  ingly. accordingly.  In  the  experiment  on  Wednesday,  when  more  steam  was  raised  than  was  necessary,  the  extra  quantity  imme  7  diately  lifted  the  guard,  and  the  water  rushed  out  upon  the  fire  and  put  it  out,  soon  reducing  the  steam  to  the  proper  point.  This  improvement  can  be  adopted  to  the  loco locomotive  motive locomotive  boiler,  and  all  other  steam  boilers,—New  York  Tri Tribum,  bum, Tribum,  THE  OPERATIVES  AND  THEIR  MASTERS.  The  following  letter  appears  in  the  Times,  in  reference  to  the  memorial  of  the  operatives  of  Preston  which  has  already  appeared  in  this  journal.  It  is  forwarded  for  publication  by  the  pro.  tem.  secretary  of  the  Masters'  Association,  Mr.  John  Catterall  Sir,—Seeing  in  the  Times  a  few  days  ago  a  copy  of  a  memorial  sent  from  the  delegates  of  the  power-loom  weavers  of  Preston  to  the  home  secretary—which  we  do  not  con consider  sider consider  to  give  a  fair  account  of  the  cause  of  the  cessation  of  labour  in  this  town—we  deem  it  our  duty  to  the  public  to  notice  a  few  of  the  statements  therein  made.  the  first  place,  we  give  a  complete  denial  to  the  charge  made  against  us  as  a  body,  that  when  we  reduced  wages  in  1847,  we  promised  to  restore  the  same  at  some  future  period.  No  such  promise  was  made  by  the  masters  generally  of  this  town.  The  charge  has  been  frequently  put  forth  of  late,  and  we  are  glad  of  this  opportunity  of  denying  the  truth  of  it.  We  may  further  state  that,  since  1847,  at  various  times,  advances  in  wages  have  taken  place,  and,  taking  into  consi consideration  deration consideration  the  diminution  of  the  hours  of  labour,  from  69  to  60  hours  per  week,  the  weekly  earnings  of  the  great  majo majority  rity majority  of  the  operatives  were  higher  previous  to  the  strike  than  at  any  former  period.  We  need  not  again  enter  minutely  into  the  cause  of  the  strike,  this  we  have  previously  put  the  public  in  posses possession  sion possession  of—those  mills  where  it  first  commenced  were  among  the  highest  paid  in  the  town,  the  delegates  stating  that,  after  obtaining  their  demands  in  these  cases,  they  would  take  the  rest  of  the  mills  in  detail,  and  so  bring  them  all  up  to  the  same  standard.  various  interviews  of  the  operatives  with  their  masters  they  appeared  to  have  had  no  power  to  make  any  terms  without  first  consulting  the  committee  of  delegates,  and,  consequently,  the  slight  differences  that  existed  were  made  impossible  of  settlement  by  a  body  of  agitators,  who  have  'made  a  profit  to  themselves  by  first  creating,  and  then  widening  the  breach  between  the  masters  and  the  operatives.  illustrate  the  good  feeling  which  has  always  existed  between  the  employers  and  employed  of  this  town,  we  may  state  that,  for  the  last  17  years,  we  have  been  free  from  any  general  strike,  and  disputes  lave  been  of  rare  occurrence  and  of  short  duration.  THE  COMMITTEE  OF  THE  MASTERS'  ASSOCIATION.  Nov.  The  Price  of  Wheat  at  the  present  time  is  about  double  what  it  was  at  a  corresponding  period  of  the  years  1834-5,  and  for  the  past  21  years  wheat  has  not  ranged  so  high  at  this  season  of  the  year  as  it  does  now.  On  Tuesday,  during  the  prevalence  of  the  dense  fog,  a  plate-layer  on  the  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick  Railway,  at  the  time  the  express  train  was  coming  up  at  the  rate  of  forty  miles  an  hour,  stepped  to  one  side  for  the  purpose  of  getting  out  of  the  way  of  the  train,  b  u  t  b  e  i  ng  d  ece  ived  by  the  fog,  he  walked  in  front  of  the  engine,  was  knocked  down,  and  killed  on  the  spot.—York  Herald.  There  is  a  talk  of  erecting  a  new  theatre  at  Paris,  near  the  Hotel  de  Ville,  in  the  prolongation  of  the  Rue  de  Rivoli,  one  of  the  finest  streets  in  Europe.  The  theatre,  it  is  said,  is  to  be  called  The  People's  and  is  to  be  set  apart  for  the  production  of  pieces  calculated  to  amuse  and  instruct  the  work working  ing working  classes  exclusively.  —Literary  Gazette.  THE  EARL  OF  GUILDFORD,  AND  ST.  CROSS.-Mr.  Watson,  Q.C.,  the  eminent  barrister,  has  given  it  as  his  opinion  that  the  Rev.  the  Earl  of  Guildford  cannot  be  taken  as  properly  appointed  Master  of  St.  Cross,  and  that  this  claim  t  3  possession  is  therefore  bad.  The  emoluments  are  about  511,000  a  year,  and  have  been  held  since  1805.  CHARING  CROSS  TO  IVESTMINSTER.—In  some  places  the  roadway  is  more  like  the  moraine  of  a  glacier  than  the  highway  to  the  great  laboratories  of  law  and  justice  in  the  capital  of  the  most  favoured  Heavily  laden  waggons  and  carts  have  no  chance  with  the  gigantic  ruts  to  be  found  here,  and  the  stoppages  are  provokingly  frequent.  Having  regard  to  the  recent  improvements  in  the  law,  the  lawyers  are  entitled  to  have  the  way  to  Westminster  made  as  seductive  and  easy  as  possible.  COUNTY  SEATS  VACANT.—There  are  two  county  repre representations  sentations representations  vacant—the  one,  East  Gloucestershire,  vacated  by  the  Marquis  of  Worcester,  consequent  on  the  death  of  his  father,  the  Duke  of  Beaufort.  The  second  is  South  Staf Staffordshire,  fordshire, Staffordshire,  vacated  by  Lord  Lewisham,  now  Earl  of  Dartmouth.  The  liberals  calculate  on  returning  Mr.  G.  Holland.  There  is  yet  no  candidate  for  Staffordshire,  where  the  constituency  was,  at  the  revision  of  1852,  so  large  as  10,000  A  case  was  decided  on  Saturday,  before  the  Vice-Chancel Vice-Chancellor,  lor, Vice-Chancellor,  which  will  probably  be  interesting  to  our  readers.  A  bill  was  filed  by  Messrs.  Forbes  and  Co.,  East  India  merchants  in  London,  against  Mr.  Limond,  the  secretary  of  the  Chamber  of  Commerce  at  Calcutta,  seeking  to  charge  him  as  the  inspector,  under  a  deed  of  inspectorship,  of  the  affairs  of  Messrs.  Lyall,  Mathewson,  and  Co.,  with  the  pay payment  ment payment  of  them  and  the  other  unpaid  creditors  of  that  firm  of  such  dividends  as  they  ought,  as  the  plaintiffs  alleged,  to  have  received  under  the  deed  of  inspectorship.  Judgment  passed  for  the  defendant,  the  plaintiffs  having  already  received  a  part  of  the  fund  under  the  insolvency  with  other  creditors.  BELFAST  AND  BALLYMENA  RAILWAY.—The  report  of  the  directors,  which  is  to  be  submitted  to  the  shareholders  at  the  halt-yearly  meeting,  on  Monday,  shows,  says  the  Belfast  Mercury,  a  very  satisfactory  state  of  affairs.  The  company  mid  have  divided  24s  per  share,  and  left  a  reasonable  sum  to  go  to  the  reserved  fund  ;  but  with  a  proper  exercise  of  prudence,  they  recommend  a  dividend  of  225,  which  will  leave  £l,BOO  to  go  to  the  reserve  fund.  The  previously previouslyexpressed  expressed previouslyexpressed  opinion  of  the  directors  was,  that  a  sum  of  £2,000  per  year  should  be  set  apart  ;  but,  as  the  summer  receipts  are  higher  than  the  winter,  they  prefer  to  adopt  the  course  which  we  have  mentioned.  The  dividend  at  this  time  last  year  was  18s.  WHAT  LONDON'  FOG  IS  MADE  OP.—lf  we  could  get  a  bucketful  of  fog  analysed,  we  should  be  curious  to  find  how  much  of  it  came  from  our  chimneys,  how  much  from  the  Essex  marshes,  how  much  from  tanpits,  grave-yards,  sewers,  the  clay  of  Regent's-park,  the  mud  of  the  Thames,  and  other  sources  which  might  all  be  abolished,  and  which  will  in  time  be  all  abolished.  Our  island  is  a  misty  one,  it  is  true  ;  but  it  is  not  foggy  in  the  sense  of  London  fog.  Leeds  is  foggy  in  that  sense;  and  a  few  other  large  towns,  as  ill-drained,  and  smoky,  and  mismanaged  as  London  and  Leeds;  but  the  climate  of  Great  Britain  is  not  to  be  blamed  for  anything  worse  than  the  blue  damp  mists  which  curl  round  her  mountains,  and  ascend  from  her  lakes,  to  form  the  lustrous  white  clouds  that  deck  our  spring  and  autumnal  skies.  When  our  spirited  home  secretary  shall  have  seen  that  all  our  men  of  business  do  their  duty  by  their  neighbours  as  well  as  Messrs.  Price,  at  their  candle  works,  consuming  all  their  smoke,  and  kindly  showing  all  applicants  how  easily  and  certainly  it  may  be  done,  we  may  expect  to  be  relieved  of  the  murkiest  element  of  our  own  par particular  ticular particular  fog.---Londcn  Paper.  _  _  Oust  COAL  FIELDS.-LThe  following  is  the  extent  of  the  workable  area  of  the  coal  fields  in  the  United  Kingdom  :  Northumberland  and  Durham,  500,000  acres  ;  Cumberland,  Westmoreland,  and  West  Riding,  99,500  ;  Lancashire,  Flintshire,  and  North  Staffordshire,  550,000  ;  Shropshire,  and  Worcestershire,  79,950  ;  South  Staffordshire,  65,000  ;  Warwickshire  and  Leicestershire,  80,000  ;  Somersetshire  Gloucestershire,  167,600  ;  South  Tales,  600,000  ;  Scottish  coal  fields,  1,045,000;  Irish  coal  fields,—Ulster,  500,000;  Connaught,  200,000;  Leinster,  150,000;  and  Munster,  1,000,000.  Not  less  than  37,000,000  of  tons  are  annually  raised,  the  value  of  which,  at  the  pit's  mouth,  is  little  less  than  £lo,ooo,ooo—at  the  places  of  consumption,  including  expenses  of  transport  and  other  charges,  probably  not  less  than  £20,000,000.  The  capital  employed  in  the  trade  ex exceeds  ceeds exceeds  £10,000,000.  About  400  iron  furnaces  of  Great  Bri Britain  tain Britain  consume  annually  10,000,000  tons  of  coals,  and  7,000,000  tons  of  iron  -Stone,  in  order  to  produce  2,500,000  tons  of  pig  iron,  of  the  value  of  upwards  of  £8,000,000.  For  the  supply  of  the  metropolis  alone  3,600,000  tons  of  coal  are  requiredfor  manufacturing  and  domestic  purposes  '  •  our  coasting  vessels  conveyed,  in  1850,  upwards  of  9,360,000  tons  to  various  ports  in  the  United  Kingdom,  and  3,350,000  tons  were  exported  to  foreign  countries  and  the  British  possessions.  About  120,000  persons  are  constantly  employed  in  extracting  the  coal  from  the  mines,  and  in  some  of  the  northern  counties  there  are  more  persons  at  work  under  the  ground  than  upon  its  surface.  Such  a  trade  is  capable  of  meeting  the  anticipated  demand  from  France,  and  if  in  return  for  our  good  fires  we  set  free  the  pleasant  wines  of  that  country,  the  reciprocity  will  be  cheerful  and  satisfactory.  LONDON  POLICE.—ALLEGED  ROBBERY  BY  A  FEMALE  SERVANT.  AN  AWKWARD  DISCLOSURE.  Nary  Anne  Rofman,  a  smart  looking  girl  in  the  service  of  Captain  George  Burslau,  of  Lordship-lane,  Dulwich,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  towel,  the  property  of  her  master,  and  on  suspicion  of  stealing  an  eme emerald  rald emerald  ring  value  £l5,  the  property  of  her  mistress.  The  captain  deposed  that  on  returning  with  his  wife  from  a  party,  about  two  in  the  morning  of  the  10th  instant,  Mrs.  Burslau  took  off  her  rings  and  placed  them  on  the  dressing-table,  and  on  the  following  morning  the  emerald  ring  was  missing.  The  servants  all  denied  any  knowledge  of  the  ring,  and  as  the  prisoner  in  particular  had  the  duty  devolved  upon  her  of  coming  into  the  room,  suspicion  rested  on  her,  but  he  did  not  feel  justified  in  giving  her  into  custody.  That  morning,  the  prisoner  being  insolent,  he  ordered  her  to  quit  his  house.  She  refused,  and  he  was  compelled  to  turn  her  out  ;  and  on  having  her  boxes  searched  by  a  policeman,  one  of  a  new  set  of  towels  purchased  by  him  was  found,  and  he  then  rave  her  into  custody.  A  witness,  who  hemmed  the  towels,  - STYLE=superscript  deposed  that  it  was  one  of  the  captain's.  The  prisoner  assured  the  magistrate  that  the  towel  was  her  own,  and  that  she  knew  nothing  about  the  ring.  On  the  night  in  question,  her  mas master  ter master  brought  home  from  the  party  Dr.  Millengen  and  a  Mr.  Hudson,  and  there  was  a  quarrel,  as  she  believed,  about  the  doctor's  attentions  to  her  mistress  at  the  party.  The  doctor  was  to  have  stopped  in  the  house  all  night,  and  the  servants  believed  he  had  done  so,  but  on  going  to  the  room  the  bed  was  found  untouched,  and  the  doctor  had  disappeared  no  one  knew  how.  Various  prices  had  been  set  on  the  ring,  and  on  each  occasion  it  was  made  to  increase  in  value.  The  prisoner  added,  addressing  the  captain,  There  would  be  nothing  of  this  had  I  allowed  you  to  kiss  me  when  you  gave  me  the  wine  to  drink,  and  told  me  you  had  purchased  me  the  earrings  you  The  Captain  (colouring)  :  Me  want  to  kiss  you  ?  Prisoner  :  Yes,  but  I  wouldn't  let  you.  The  prisoner  being  without  friends  to  bail  her,  the  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  accepted  her  own  - STYLE=superscript  recognisances  to  appear  on  a  future  day,"
