text
"COUNTY  COURT.-YESTERDAY,  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCIC,  ESQ.,  JUDGE.)  WILLIAMS  v.  BOWMAN,  GRINNELL,  AND  CO.--In  this  case  David  Williams,  master  of  the  schooner  Henrietta,  was  the  plaintiff,  and  Messrs.  Bowman,  Grinnell,  and  Co.,  Regent Regentroad,  road, Regentroad,  the  well-known  emigration  agents,  defendants.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  £5O,  of  which,  however,  £4l  10s  were  paid  into  court  by  defendants.  Mr.  M'Donnell,  barrister,  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Almond  for  the  defendants.  Mr.  M'Donnell  stated  that  the  plaintiff  arrived  in  Liverpool  on  Sunday  the  12th  November,  with  the  Henrietta,  having  on  board  a  cargo  of  iron  rails  consigned  to  the  defendants.  On  the  following  morning  at  ten  a.m.  he  called  to  the  office  of  the  defendants  to  know  where  he  was  to  discharge  the  cargo.  He  was  told  to  call  again,  which  be  did,  and  after  being  told  to  call  a  second  time,  he  was  then  directed  to  go  into  the  Wellington  dock,  alongside  the  Revenue,  and  discharge  the  cargo  there.  He  got  into  the  Wellington  dock  on  Wednesday  morning,  but  found  that  another  vessel  was  discharging  alongside.  He  again  went  to  the  defendants  and  told  them  he  could  not  discharge  into  the  Revenue,  and  gave  them  a  written  notice  that  if  they  did  not  provide  a  place  of  discharge  he  would  discharge  upon  the  quay.  After  he  had  commenced  to  discharge  upon  the  quay,  on  the  following  day,  he  received  an  order  to  go  into  the  Bramley-  Moore  dock.  He  continued,  however,  to  discharge  on  the  quay.  Ho  now  claimed  £46  17s  lld  freight,  and  £3  2s  Id  town  dues,  of  which  defendant  had  paid  £4l  lOs  into  court.  The  plaintiff  was  examined,  and  stated  the  facts  as  mentioned  by  counsel.  In  answer  to  Mr.  Almond,  the  plaintiff  said  he  was  ordered  to  go  into  the  Wellington-dock,  at  five  p.m.  on  Tuesday  evening,  but  he  did  not  go  in  until  the  following  morning.  In  answer  to  tho  judge,  the  plaintiff  said  he  (lid  not  go  into  the  dock  on  Tuesday  evening,  because  the  tide  did  not  answer.  He  did  not  go  in:  at  the  night  tide,  because  it  was  too  dark  a  night.  The  night  tide  was  about  ten  o'clock.  His  vessel  is  100  tons  burthen.  His  Honour  :  Do  you  mean  to  say  that  vessels  of  a  great  deal  larger  tonnage  than  that,  do  not  go  into  dock  upon  a  night  tide  ?  Plaintiff  :  They  do,  but  not  without  a  steamer.  His  Honour  :  Is  it  not  a  thing  of  common  occurrence  that  vessels  of  a  much  larger  tonnage  than  100  tons,  go  into  the  Wellington-dock  at  night?  Plaintiff:  They  do,  sometimes.  His  Honour  :  Have  you  ever  been  to  the  port  of  Liverpool  before  ?  Plaintiff:  Yes,  sir,  many  times.  His  Honour  :  Did  you  ever  go  into  dock  at  night?  Plaintiff:  Yes  sir,  but  net  such  a  dark  night  as  that.  His  Honour  :  Did  any  vessels  go  into  the thedock  dock thedock  that  night?  Plaintiff:  Not  to  my  knowledge,  sir.  In  answer  to  further  questions  from  his  Honour,  the  plaintiff  stated  that  he  did  not  wait  for  the  Revenue  to  be  ready  to  receive  his  cargo,  because  it  would  be  too  long,  because  he  did  not  think  he  was  bound  to  wait,  and  also  because  the  mate  of  the  Revenue  told  him  that  vessel  could  not  receive  any  more  iron.  He  finished  discharging  upon  the  quay  on  the  following  Saturday.  Mr.  William  Reed,  of  the  firm  of  Strong,  Reed,  and  Co.,  shipbrokers,  was  examined  in  reference  to  the  custom  of  the  port,  and  stated  that  when  a  vessel  which,  as  in  the  present  instance,  was  to  discharge  from  bottom  to  bottom,  was  ordered  to  go  into  a  particular  dock  to  discharge  into  another  vessel  ;  if  the  latter  could  not  receive  the  cargo,  it  was  the  custom  to  discharge  upon  the  quay.  The  captain  was  not  bound  to  go  into  any  other  dock.  Mr.  Almond  •  Suppose  there  is  a  vessel  already  alongside,  is  he  bound  to  wait  ?  Witness  :  Well,  he  is  bound  to  wait  if  the  vessel  can  receive  the  cargo.  Mr.  Almond  :  Is  he  not  bound  to  wait  until  the  vessel  alongside  has  discharged,  and  then  see  if  the  other  can  take  his  cargo?  Witness  :  I  should  say  not,  if  he  is  dis distinctly  tinctly distinctly  told  that  that  vessel  cannot  receive  it.  Mr.  Almond  contended,  on  behalf  of  the  defence,  that  plaintiff  was  bound  to  have  waited  a  reasonable  time  before  he  put  defendant  to  expense  by  beginning  to  discharge  upon  the  quay.  Mr.  Henry  Lethwaite,  a  clerk  in  the  employment  of  Messrs.  Bowman,  Grinnell  and  Co.,  deposed  that  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  had  entered  into  an  engagement  with  the  owners  of  the  Revenue  to  take  a  quantity  of  railway  iron  on  board,  and  the  plaintiff  was  directed  to  go  into  the  Wellington  dock,  alongside  on  the  Tuesday.  After  he  communicated  the  fact  that  another  vessel  was  alongside,  witness  went  down  on  the  Thursday,  and  told  him  to  go  to  the  Bramley-Moore  dock,  which  is  next  to  the  Wellington  dock,  and  discharge  into  the  Clara  Wheeler,  and  that  defendants  would  pay  the  additional  expenses.  The  plaintiff,  however,  had  commenced  discharging  upon  the  quay,  and  said  he  would  continue  to  do  so.  If  he  had  obeyed  the  order,  witness  is  of  opinion  he  could  have  finished  discharging  into  the  Clara  Whet  ler  on  Friday  night.  By  his  discharging  noon  the  quay,  the  defendants  were  obliged  to  pay  porterage  of  15d.  a  ton  upon  the  cargo,  124  tons.  A  man  named  Mulholland,  foreman  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Bowman  and  Grinnell,  corroborated  the  former  witness's  evidence.  Mr.  Henry  Ross,  agent,  in  Liverpool,  for  the  South  Wales  iron  works,  deposed,  that  the  custom  of  the  port  was  that  a  vessel  coming  to  discharge  from  bottom  to  bottom,  should  wait  to  take  her  turn,  if  there  were  another  vessel  discharging  before  her.  His  Honour  in  giving  judg judgment  ment judgment  said  he  entertained  some  regret  at  being  obliged  to  give  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  in  this  case,  because  he  thought  the  plaintiff  had  exercised  his  right  with  as  much  strictness  and  as  much  caution  for  his  own  interests  as  possible.  He  entertained  great  doubt  in  the  first  instance  as  to  the  reason  why  plaintiff  determined  on  giving  the  notice  of  his  discharging  upon  the  quay,  Lactation  the  plaintiff's  answer  did  not  at  all  satisfy  bins  as  to  whether  he  declined  to  wait  because  the  vessel,  as  he  believed,  would  not  be  able  to  take  the  rails  at  all,  or  only  simply  because  he  would  be  delayed  by  doing  so.  If  his  verdict  were  to  depend  upon  that  point,  ho  should  have  adjourned  the  case  in  order  that  further  evidence  might  be  given  to  shew  what  passed  between  plaintiff  and  the  mate  of  the  Revenue.  If  the  mate,  being  the  person  to  be  treated  as  the  agent  of  the  defendants,  absolutely  refused  to  receive  the  cargo,  and  said  the  vessel  could  not  possibly  receive  it,  then  no  doubt  the  plaintiff  would  be  absolved  from  the  necessity  of  waiting  altogether.  But  it  seemed  to  him  that  the  defendants  had  disentitled  themselves  to  the  advantage  of  that  evidence,  because  they  did  not  require  him  to  wait  for  the  purpose  of  discharging  into  the  Revenue  stating  that  the  Revenue  would  be  ready  to  receive  the  cargo,  but  they  adopted  another  view  of  the  case  altogether,  and  requested  him  to  discharge  into  another  vessel  in  another  dock.  According  to  the  undisputed  evidence  of  Mr.  Reed,  against  which  Mr.  Roes  had  said  nothing,  the  custom  of  the  port  was  not  such  as  would  entitle  the  parties  to  whom  the  goods  were  to  be  delivered,  to  require  the  vessel  to  be  moved  from  one  dock  to  another,  and  this  was,  as  Mr.  M'Donnell  had  very  properly  put  it,  highly  important  evidence  in  that  case.  Therefore,  as  these  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  did  request  what  they  were  not  entitled  by  the  custom  of  the  port  to  request,  and  did  not  insist  upon  their  right,  if  a  right  it  was,  that  the  plaintiff  should  wait  and  take  his  turn  to  discharge  into  the  Revenue,  he  thought  he  was  bound  by  the  evidence  to  say,  that  the  plaintiff  was  justified  in  discharging  upon  the  quay.  Although  he  had  put  the  defendants  to  very  considerable  expense,  without  any  advantage  to  himself,  for  he  would  probably  have  been  discharged  sooner,  if  he  had  acted  as  he  was  requested  to  do;  yet,  inasmuch,  as  the  custom  entitled  him  to  disregard  the  notice  he  received,  and  as  the  defendants  themselves  had  not  insisted  upon  his  waiting,  but  requested  him  to  go  into  another  dock,  and  thereby  waived  their  right,  he  thought  he  was  bound,  according  to  the  letter  of  the  law,  to  give  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  ADMIRALTY  COURT,  DUBLIN.'.  MONDAY,  (BEFORE  DR.  KELLY.)  THE  BARQUE  CHFROKEE,  OF  LIVERPOOL.—This  was  a  case  of  salvage.  The  vessel  was  on  her  homeward  voyage  with  a  cargo  of  palm  oil  and  ivory  from  the  coast  of  Africa.  Mr.  Hamerton,  proctor,  appeared.  for  the  pro promovant,  movant, promovant,  and  returned  the  warrant  with  the  marshal's  certificate  of  due  execution.  Mr.  Lee,  proctor,  appeared  for  the  vessel  and  cargo,  impugnant,  and  prayed  liberty  to  give  bail  for  the  vessel  at  where  she  is  now  lying,  in  order  that  she  might  prooceed  on  her  voyage  to  Liverpool,  her  port  of  discharge—the  bail  to  be  taken  by  the  commissioner  of  the  court  at  Waterford  in  two  sure sureties  ties sureties  of  1,0001.  each,  the  admitted  value  of  the  ship  and  cargo  beim-  , STYLE=superscript  14,0001.  The  Court  :  Be  it  so.  [The  Chero Cherokee  kee Cherokee  arrived  at  this  port  on  Wednesday,  having  been  towed  into  the  ,river  by  the  steam-tug  Illttler.—  ED.  N.  D.  T.  IN  RE  TUE  MARY  AND  AGNES  OF  BIRKENHEAD.—  This  was  a  case  of  derelict  salvage  at  Annalong,  on  the  coast  of  the  county  of  Down.  The  vessel  had  been  arrested  at  the  suit  of  the  salvors,  fishermen,  and  was  being  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  against  by  default.  On  this  day  Mr.  Lee,  proctor,  appeared  for  the  owner,  and  moved,  en  the  affidavit  of  Mr.  Joseph  Edward  Berry,  of  Llirkenhead,  on  behalf  of  himself  and  the  other  part-owner,  Thomas  Strangman  Hancock,  and  prayed  the  court  to  decree  ownership  of  the  impugnant  vessel  in  this  case  to  said  parties.  The  court  granted  the  application,  Mr.  Lee  undertaking  to  pay  the  defaults  Incurred,  and  to  bring  in  the  ship's  registry.  Mr.  Lee,  on  behalf  of  the  owners,  then  made  a  tender  of  25/,  with  all  costs  incurred  up  to  that  time,  to  the  promo promovents  vents promovents  for  their  salvage  services,  admitting  the  value  of  the  vessel  at  1001,  and  praying  that  they  might  proceed  at  their  peril.  The  court  decreed  the  release  of  the  vessel.  The  Paris  correspondents  of  the  Indepenclance  Belfm  revive  the  story  th  a  t  th  e  E  m  p  eror  N  a  p  o  l  eon  intencl4  placing  himself  at  th  e  h  ea  d  o  f  one  o  f  the  expeditions  on  the  coming  campaign.  MARRIAGE  TN  HIGH  LIFE.—We  understand  that  among  the  approaching  matrimonial  alliances  in  high  life,  must  be  included  that  of  Viscount  Somerton,  son  of  the  Earl  of  Normanton,  and  the  lion.  Miss  Barrington,  daughter  of  Viscount  and  Viscountess  Barrington.  Notwithstanding  all  reports  to  the  contrary,  Mdle.  Cruvelli  has  really  become  the  Baroness  Vigier.  Her  marriage  was  solemnised  on  Saturday  at  the  mayoralty  of  the  first  arrondissement,  and  afterwards  in  a  Catholic  and  a  Protestant  church,  th  e  l  a  d  y  b  e  i  ng  a  P  ro  t  es  tant.  EXEEITTION  Op  ABRAHAM  BARER.--  The  convict  Abra Abraham  ham Abraham  Baker  underwent  the  extreme  penalty  of  the  law  on  Tuesday  morning  at  Winchester  for  the  murder  of  Naomi  Kingswell,  at  Southampton,  on  the  14th  October  last.  es  d  ai  1  3,a  Since  his  committal  to  prison,  and  :especially  since  hi  s  sentence,  Baker  has  been  most  earnest  in  making  prepar preparations  ations preparations  fez.  the  change  that  awaited  him.  Shortly  b  e  f  ore  his  executioa,  he  wrote  a  letter  to  each  membe  r  o  f  h  as  family,  and  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  nother  of  per  l'ltngswell,  all  br  ea  th  ing  the  deepest  paron  0  s  d  o  .  r  r  oHwe  attendedfor  hi  s  crime,  and  chapel  s  expressive  ervi  e  of  ,  his  n  and  hope  that  the  blood  of  Christ  hi  s  S  aviour  '  '  it  was  pardoned.  received  the  Holy  Communion  at  half-past  seven  o'clock  on  Tuesday  morning,  and  returning  to  his  cell,  remained  in  prayer  and  religious  conversation  until  the  arrival  of  the  under-sheriff,  and  then  walked  with  a  firm  step  and  audible  prayer  to  the  drop,  where  his  voice  was  most  dis distinct  tinct distinct  in  appealing  to  the  Lord  to  receive  his  spirit.,  1"
