text
"HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  Tins  DAY—Morning,  Oh.  22m.  Afternoon,  Oh.  49m.  To-mositow—Morning,  Ih.  14m.......Aftern00n,  lh.  42m.  SATURDAY,  DECEMBER  3,  1853.  As  the  season  for  the  meeting  of  Parliament  approaches,  it  behoves  us  to  discuss  coolly  and  moderately,  the  several  questions  relating  to  our  social  and  political  condition,  which  will  be  urged  on  the  early  consideration  of  the  Legislature.  In  the  long  list  of  social  questions  which  will  be  brought  under  review,  is  that  most  vital  of  all  our  moral  and  prudential  institutions,  namely,  life  assur assurance.  ance. assurance.  Appeals  have  already  been  made  by  the  monopolising  offices  to  the  wildest  prejudices  of  the  public,  in  order  to  secure  that  favour  and  sup support  port support  which  more  cool  and  mature  consideration  would  scarcely  bestow  upon  them.  In  the  early  days  of  life  assurance  in  this  coun country,  try, country,  the  .  whole  scheme  was  one  of  rash  hazard,  not  only  for  the  insured  but  the  assurer.  It  is  now  nearly  one  hundred  and  fifty  years  ago  since  life  insurance  was  attempted  in  England-  At  that  remote  period  the  bills  of  mortality  sup supplied  plied supplied  little  or  no  data  on  which  a  correct  table  of  probabilities  could  be  calculated.  &#34;Porter's  were  the  first  systemised  authority  on  which  the  shadow  of  reliance  could  be  placed.  These  were,  after  years  of  angry  discussion,  declared  imper imperfect  fect imperfect  and  delusive,  and  from  the  discovery  and  admission  of  this  fact  we  have  had  to  deal  with  human  life  at  random  ;  and  to  rely  mainly  on  medical  skill  to  give  effect  to  the  range  of  probabilities  originally  laid  down.  The  condi  , STYLE=superscript  tions  affecting  human  life  a  century  and  a  half  ago  were  very  different  to  those  of  the  present  day.  People  in  by-gone  times  were  less  transitory.  They  were  less  migratory,  less  given  to  those  follies  and  vices  which  at  the  present  time  carry  so  many  thousands  of  our  fellow-beings  to  premature  graves.  The  range  of  probilities  adopted  by  the  insur  ante  offices  first  established,  varied  from  twenty twentyfive  five twentyfive  to  twenty-seven  years.  The  fluctuations  which  have  taken  place  in  life  since  the  establishment  of  insurances  offices  have  shown  that  both  the  ranges  were  too  short  for  one  epoch  and  too  long  for  ano another.  ther. another.  Where  they  were  too  short  the  public  have  been  heavy  losers,  and  where  they  have  proved  too  long  the  companies  have  suffered,  and  in  many  cases  the  failure  of  the  office  and  the  disappointment  of  the  insured  has  been  the  final  result.  In  the  absence  of  any  reliable  returns  of  _deaths  and  births,  it  was  impossile  to  ascertain  _  the  ea*  a  verage  per  tentage  of  deaths  for  any  series  of  3  7 STYLE=superscript  e  . STYLE=superscript  firi  ;  consequently,  it  Was  absolutely  necessarY:toleal  with  the  risk  of  life  hypotheti hypotheti,  , hypotheti,  r`i  .  tally.  Hiii  - STYLE=superscript  far  the  assumed  duration  of  life  has  .....:  -...-,  •  answerecUsa  question  that  can  only  be  decided  '.'  by  invest4lng  the  actual  operations  of  those  :-w;  , STYLE=superscript  :  •  ,.i.  ,  ...  :...:  ,$)"
