text
"rman  was  proposed  by  Mr  and  secondedby  Mr.  Verelst.  The  Chairman,  in  a  An°  edging  the  compliment,  igation  which  the  society  expressed  his  sense  of  the  obl  owed  to  its  committee  and  officer  The  proceedings  then  closed.  LONDON  GAZETTE  .-__--,,,____  BANK  RCP  TS  sam,  Hey  ford  and  Rugbrooke  ,  Northamptonshire,  iron  storemaster.  LEONARD  LAWMAN,  Chancery-lane.  and  Coborn  New-road,  Bow,  law  stationer.  WM.  SEAGER  WHITE,  Handsworth.  Staffordshire,  chemial  and  druggist.  WM.  IVtaartszs,  Haley  Mill,  near  Dartford,  Kent,  and  St.  Paul's  Church-yard,  City,  paper  manufac manufacturer.  turer. manufacturer.  JAS.  HARRISON,  City,  commission  agent.  ROWLAND  HILL  BLACKER,  Brigate-street,importer  of  foreign  silk  goods,  mantle  manufacturer  and  warehouseman.  ISAAC  nava,  Manchester,  victualler,  and  coffee-house  keeper.  JOSEPH  NOAKERS,  Birmingham,  glasscutter.  GEO.  WAGNER,  late  of  North  Audley-street,  and  now  of  Bernard-street,  Russell  square,  auctioneer  and  house  agent.  GEO.  TAYLOR,  Derby,  silk  manufacturer.  BAXTER  BARKER,  York,  innkeeper.  THE  LATE  CATASTROPHE  AT  KILE.EE.--The  Limerick  Chronicle  gives  the  following  additional  particulars  of  the  very  melancholy  casualty  which  took  place  at  the  Puffing Puffinghole  hole Puffinghole  Table  Rocks,  near  Kilkee  :  The  weather  on  the  coast  had  been  for  a  few  days  previous  wild  and  stormy.  The  Atlantic  surges  were  impelled  against  the  rugged  cliffs  to  a  height  seldom  seen  by  visitors,  and  the  foam  of  the  angry  billows  floated  in  the  air,  and  fell  inland  a  considerable  distance.  After  church  service  on  Sunday,  the  weather  brightened  up,  and  the  wind  had  fallen,  but  there  was  a  fearful  swell  on  the  ocean,  and  several  persons  walked  towards  the  cliffi,  to  enjoy  the  mar  i  ne  prospect  for  miles  at  both  sides  of  the  bay  and  Mrs,.  Fisher,  Lieutena  n  t-C  o  lo  ne  l  H  am  pd  en  Pepper,,  of  Lissenisky,  Robert  Smithwick,  Esq  ,  and  Miss  Smithwick.  the  daughter  of  Peter  Smithwick,  Esq.,  of  Shanbally,  Tip Tipperary,  perary, Tipperary,  formed  one  of  the  groups.  They  agreed  to  visit  the  Puffing  Cavern,  which  the  day  after  a  storm  usually  throws  up  a  fountain  of  sea  water  in  the  most  fantastic  f  a  shion  ;  and  if  the  sun  happens  to  play  on  this  romantic  spectacle,  the  successive  jets-d'  eau  exhibit  the  varied  hues  of  the  rainbow,  the  ceaseless  motion  of  the  tide  below  keeping  all  the  attractive  features  above  in  full  exercise.  The  immediate  locale  of  this  singular  object  is  approached  by  a  sliding  pathway  from  the  cliff,  and  then  about  a  perch  of  almost  level  granite  rock  direct  to  the  cavern  Lieutenant-colonel  Pepper  and  Miss  Smithwick  were  in  advance,  and  the  former  urging  the  others  to  move  on,  when  a  coast-guard  man  on  the  cliff  warned  the  party  of  the  danger  of  venturing  out,  and  Captain  Fisher  observ observing  ing observing  a  huge  wave  rolling  in  called  out  to  Lieutenant-colonel  Pepper  to  mind  himself,  when  the  sea  broke  on  the  rock  with  a  thundering  crash,  saturating  Captain  and  Mrs.  Fisher,  and  completely  overpowering  Lieutenant-colonel  Pepper  and  Miss  Smithwick,  who  were  both  dragged  together  by  the  receding  swell  into  the  shaft  of  the  Puffing Puffinghole  hole Puffinghole  and  there  disappeared,  to  the  horror  Itnd  amazement  of  those  persons  who  , STYLE=superscript  were  providentially  saved  from  a  similar  fate,  though  dripping  wet  and  exhausted  by  the  violent  shock.  The  alarm  of  this  tragic  event  was  promptly  given  ;  the  police,  fishermen,  and  coastguards  hastened  to  the  fearful  scene,  bat  no  human  being  dare  approach  the  brink  -of  the  Puffing-hole,  which  had  just  engulfed  two  victims  in  the  prime  of  life,  and  probably  mutilated  their  bodies  in  a  short  time  by  the  Maelstrom  action  of  the  maddening  waters  in  the  Massive  cauldron  within.  The  remains  of  the  unfortunate  lady  and  gentleman  have  not  since  been  found.  Part  of  an  overcoat  that  Lieutenant  Colonel  Pepper  wore,  and  the  sleeve  of  Miss  Smithwick's  dress  were  cast  ashore  in  the  vicinity  of  this  awful  catas catastrophe.  trophe. catastrophe.  Lieutenant-colonel  Pepper  had  a  large  sum  of  money  on  his  person  when  he  fella  prey  to  the  merciless  element.  lie  served  for  years  in  the  India  Company's  Bengal  army,  and  returned  to  his  native  country  not  long  since.  The  lamented  lady  was  grand-daughter  of  the  late  Rev.  Robert  Gabbett,  D.D.,  and  we  are  informed  by  mutual  ,  friends  that  arrangements  were  in  progress  for  their  matri matrimonial  monial matrimonial  union,  when  this  terrible  calamity  occurred.  How  true  is  it  that  man  proposes  and  God  disposes  !  The  sur survivors  vivors survivors  have  returned  to  Lissenisky-house,  near  Nenagh,  the  seat  of  Theobald  Pepper,  Esq.,  brother  of  the  unfortunate  officer."
