text
"J  ohttooll,  LIVERPOOL  ESTERDAY  Elizabeth  B  9  in  Lewis,  charged  with  assaulting  street,  knocking  him  down  with  lj STYLE=superscript  a  rtector  three  times,  severely  - STYLE=superscript  injuring  him,  al  l STYLE=superscript  _Lim  of  a  sovereign,  on  Saturday  night,  were  Wl'  rfor  ;  trial,  at,  the  assizes.  John  Shaiv,  remanded  frog  on  a  charge  of  assaulting  and  robbing  1,-Veterinary  Surgeon,  :Seaforth,  on  the  30th  of  Albion-streeti  was  committed  for  trial  to  the  sessiosi•  G  POCIKETS.--James  Thompson  `vas-  charged  n  ll STYLE=superscript  ,  )5  ,.,  with  picking  pockets  in  Clarence-d  oc  k.  v  4  _::  the  officer  saw  the  prisoner  put  pocket,  and  on  perceiving  witness  b  lie  was  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  for  rxh  Nicholson  brought  up  by  ofgce  t STYLE=superscript  i  e  of  coburg  cloth  from  the  shop  ,  convicted  three  need  to  two  months',  imprisonmaw  is,  187,  LonAon-Toad  1110FLIFTING.—Joseph  Smith,  a  gasfittel+  stealing  a  box  of  envelopes  from  the  sll  Castle  street,  Iyhere  he  was  doing  WOT  loyment-swore  he  saw  him  take  them,  a  7 STYLE=superscript  '  Ards  found  in  his  tool  box.  •  The  prisond  s  employed  in'  the  Newington  Gas  Work  lot  likely  he  would  tisk  his  situation  h  t STYLE=superscript  a.  He  was  remanded.  the  nights  3iiiwiilow-stredi  rday  fully  ropy  A.  SERVANT  Cochrane,  of  53 STYLE=superscript  ,'  ged  her  servant,  Catherine  Thighes,  .antity  of  wearing  apparel,  her  Rropeitii:  aor,  whic  Identified:  The  the.:  prosecutor  one  week,  who  li  i STYLE=superscript  ;d  )° STYLE=superscript  th  disl STYLE=superscript  k  di STYLE=superscript  e  h STYLE=superscript  n  iead STYLE=superscript  l  d STYLE=superscript  i  g STYLE=superscript  e  oe STYLE=superscript  r  ilid STYLE=superscript  vti  yi STYLE=superscript  lli  b STYLE=superscript  o  : STYLE=superscript  l  lit' STYLE=superscript  lid  he  wa.i  sorry  to  eee  And  to  ha  4istrate  .o.SSALTLT  AND  ROBBERY  :—A  trucule  o STYLE=superscript  ffian  named  Michael  Magrath,  was  brought  for'  206.  Eliza  M'Loughlan  stated  that  on  user  came  into  her  house  at  Coppers?  r  for  some  money  ;  two  other  men  ivrl  2usal,  he  attacked  her,  struck  her  aft  her  down,  and  took  her  keys  from  her  person,.  d  t.  He  then  ran  to  a  trunk,  think  al  ,4s  not,  and  finding  he  could  not  open  A  keys,  he  violently  forced.it  open;from-this  trunk  nantity  of  wtating  apparel  ;  she  followed  hitt  '  him  arrested  as  ho  was  getting  into  a  co'  A  station.  He  hal  lodged  with  h  e  r  for'  l  when  1,3  was  a  licensed  carman,  which  he  lost,  an  d STYLE=superscript  u  paid  2s.  6d.  to  have  a  false  one  made  for  WI!  produeed.  The  complainant  bore  marks  of  veil  The  prisoner  was  remanded  to  this  day.  POCKETS,---A  very  respectable  looking  young  n  named  Mary  Howell,  charged  Catherine  Dounega  rt STYLE=superscript  Niaria;  Stephens  with  having  picked  her  pocket  of  containing  6s,  6d.  ;  she  had  gone  to  purchase  a  how  t  a  shop  in  London-road,  and  her  attention  was  firs  t STYLE=superscript  by  an  inspector  tapping  her  on  the  shoulder  and  f  her  money  was  safe,  she  then  tried,  and  found  A  The  inspector  had  been  watching  the  two  women  me  short  time  previously,  and  seeeing  them  quite  close  female,  at  once  V  suspected  she  was  robbed.  When  into  custody  - STYLE=superscript  the  money  was  found  upon  the  prisoners.  egah  Was  Conitnitted  for  fourteen'days,  and  Stephens;  e  month,  havingbeenpreviously  committed/  fight  p  eked  ;  011  her  ref  6d:  in  money  Lime-s  number  tri  - STYLE=superscript  cab,  cart,  and  lord  s  were  summoned,  some  of  them  for  furious  driving'  ,hers  for  over-loading`  their STYLE=superscript  homes.  William  Gl  o  ver,  the  drivers  charged  with  overloading,  said  that  he  me  so  by  the  direction  of  his  mistress,  but  iltrary  wish  and  remonstrance.—Magistrate  Who  is  your  ss  ?  Glover  :  She  calls  herself  Miss  Biddy  Gidney,  and,  ruld  give  me  the  Back,  if  I  did  not  do'  what  she  told  aughter).  They  were  all  convicted  on  the  •  chargeof  Zed  in  various  sums,  ranging  from.  SS.  to  40s.  -rsr.sta  A  Wirt.--A  care-worn  but  fierce  looking  man,  .  Kenny,  was  charged  by  police-officer  No.  690,  with  ig  his  wife,  by  beating  her.  It  appeared  that  as  the  was'  proceeding  in  the  direction  of  Calder-street  yes'  afternoon,  he  heard'  some  cries,  and  -on  hastening  d  found  a  woman,  covered  with  blood,  lying  in  one  of  arts  of  the  street.  He  ascertained  that  she  -.was  the  f  the  'prisoner,  and  that  he  had  'repeatedly  struck  het  small  hatchet;  which  the  'officer  produced.  In  C  o  urt.  er  :  Did  You  see  it  With  'me?  Officeir  :  I  did  not,  but  ighbours  told  me'  that  you  beat  ,your  wife  with  it.  neer  further  stated  that  the  woman,  was  not  so  much  as.fihelat-  first  appeared  to  be,  and  that  ,she  would  any  consideration  •  r  come  forward  .  to,  prosecute  II  any  -Tad  twiiCrtrecf  sent  you  to:jail  for  six  month?)  ,  Lreatment  of  her.  The  prisoner  was  then  being  drunk  and  diSorderly,  or,  in  default,  to  A  for  seven  days;  and  10s.  for  damage  done  t?  a  coat,  or,  in  default,  twenty-one  days'  imprr  MAN(  xis  I  DIIEBTER.  cE.---At  the  City  Police  Court  ned  Johii  Torr  (who  said  he  was  veri  was  fined  las.  for  assaulting  a  police,  ,SSATILT  UPON  THE  POLICE.---A  person  named  apparently  a  worker  in  an  iron  ore  mine,  wa3  oSts  for  fighting  inthe  streets,  in  the  neighbour neighbour-31  -31 neighbour-31  e.  Road,  and  assaulting  a  police:Onstable.  'meat,  lie  was  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  for  N  OLD  SWEETHEART.—A  well=dressed,  re re•  • re•  man  of  middle  age,  who,  it  was  stated  is  3  employment  of  lfessm.  Bellhot  t  i(  e7  WA  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  and  annoying  , STYLE=superscript  se  occupied  by  a  Mr.  Lucas,  a  boot  Mill.  It  was  ,§tated  by  the  officer/  Alarge,,that  the  prisoner  had  gone  to  the  ,mplainant  the  previous  ,evening,  u  n  d  er  the  liTior,  and  created  a  disturbance,  much  to  the  and  Mrs.  Lucas.  The  defendant  s  aid  that  sweethearted.  Mrs.  Lucas  18  . STYLE=superscript  months  before  she  vied;  and  that  since  her  marriage,  he  had  been  con con,ut  ,ut con,ut STYLE=superscript  to  trouble,  in  consequence  o  f  l  e  tt  ers  sent  to  hint  The  Maf  r  2,iStrates  seemed  to  b  e  o  f  op  i  n  ion  , STYLE=superscript  n  had  acted  a.  very  unmanly  part  +n  deter  others  from  - STYLE=superscript  being  in  the  mitigated  inted  sy  EATING  Ilousp.—Miehael  Riley  wag  having,  in  the  company  with  another,  person,  ating  house  in  Dearsgate  on  the  previous  night  eleven  ,  o'clock,  and,  without  any  provocation,  k  a:  female  assistant,  on  the  right  side.;_of  the  T  IN  AN  h  his  fist.  It  was  stated  that  the'irisoner  had  fre frebeen  been frebeen  before  the  magistrates,  and  he  was  ordered  to  e  of  20s,  or  in  default,  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month  OLESOME  Poon.—Mr.  Noton,  Superintendent  of  kets,,  preferred  charges  against  several  parties  for  i STYLE=superscript  'eher's  meat  and  fish  unfit  for  human  food.  In  is  took  place,  and  the  parties  were  I  various  amounts  AT  THE  TOWN  HAEL.--S.  Halme,.Esq.,  tins  the  Earl  of  Derby  and  a  distutruished  •  •  The  enter-  us  evenig  a  purel  y  private  character'  CONCERT  BY  11-1  E  PUPILS  OF  riIiICATHOLIC  YLUM.—Last  evening  a  concert  was  given  by  the  Pupils  the  Catholic  Blind  Asylum.  The  children  proved  them them-0  -0 them-0  1  0  good  proficient  s  i  n  mus  i  c,  and  the  performance  n  satisfaction.  UAUTION  TO'  EXCISE  TRADERS.—Act  6,  sec.  4,`c.  81,  licensed  trader,  under  th  e  E  xc  i  se  ,  entrance  of  their  premises  descrip descriptive  tive descriptive  boards,  stating  what  they  are  - STYLE=superscript  licensed  to  deal  in  or  retail.  This  portion  of  the  Act  has  been  much  neglected  by  the  several  traders  in  Liverpool,  to  the  great  inconvenience  Of  thezevenne,  and  we  have  been  informed,  .on  the  best  au authority,  thority, authority,  that  it  is  the  intention  of  the  officers  of  Inland  Revenue  to  enforce  a  strict  compliance  with  the  14w-,  and  as  uenaltv  of  £2O  attaches  to  every  person  Who  does  not  great  importance  to  the  public  We  beg  that  the  trade  25,  requires  eve  max;  to  - STYLE=superscript  place  over  ti  comply  ivith  the  law,  it  is  of  to  be  aware  of  their  liabilities  will  refer  to  the  act  alluded  to.  lODATION  FOR  ATTORNIES  AND  THEIR  CLIENTS  ITT  GAOL,  GORTON.—In  the  course  of  the  prod  tho  T  I  _l,  _  before  iappell,  Price,  and  Shuttkworth,  Mr.  W.  miter,  complained  of  the  watt  of  sufficient  mmociation  for  the  attornies,  when  they  had  occasion  to  CitfGaol,  in  order  to  get  instructions  from  priioners  ;ir  defence.  With  regard  to  the  male  prisoners,  when  )rney  went  to  see  their,  he  was  shown  int  o  a  room  n,  ink,  paper,  and  so  forth,.  and  the  attorney  ;prisoners,  as  th  e  case  mig  ht  b  e  )  were  left  length  of  time  as  was  requisite  to  give  he  defence.  But  when  an  attorney  had  to  oner,  for  instructions,  the  accom  mo  d  a  tio  n  ho  y  'different  character.  He  was  shown  into  wing  a  stone  floor,  and  without  a  chair  or  r  any  requisite  accommodation—in  fact  there  was  no no  - no  but  the  bare  walls.  And  during  the  whole  of  tho  ructions  are  being  given,  a  woman  stands  be bemd  md bemd  the  party  whom  he  is  attending.  And  teed  there  (said  Mr.  Roberts)  for  the  pur purnig  nig purnig  all  that  was  said.  He  complained  of  such  towards  tl  -  time  the  i  was  ail  tttornies,  and  applied  that  he  might  have  an  order  from  the  bench,  to  receive  instructions  -  from  ner  in•the  gaol,  that  day  in  preparation  the'  room  in  which  male  prisoners  'were  e  their  instructions,  or  in  some  other  room  a  priso:  Hr.  V  ker  said  t  of  the  gaol  were  the  proper  parties  to  'apply  1,  clerk  to  the  magistrates,  stated  that  tile.  made  to  them,  they  would  mako  anY,  ing  arrangements  that  mi  g  ht  b  e  deemed  AMERICA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  ATLANTIC  •  The  United  States  Mail  Steamer,  Atlantic,  Capt.  West,  a  r  riv  e  d  i  n  th  e  M  ersey  thi  s  morn  i  ng  at  one  oclock,  from  New  York,  with  100  passengers,  but  no  specie.  By  her,  we  have  received  our  files  of  Papers  from  New  York,  to  the  17th  instant,  which  are  four  days  later  than  those  received  on  Sunday,  by  the  Europa.  The  has  made  the  passage  in  te  n  days,six  hours.  The  steamer  Franklin  i  l  from  Bremen  and  S- STYLE=superscript  outhampton  arrived  out  at  New  York,  at  half-past  ilex  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  the  14th,  and  the  frOm  Liverpool,  arrived  out  at  Boston  nn  the  10th.  The  'Atlantic  '  passed.  the  Arctic'  off  5.0.4  Hook,  going  into  New  York.  She  spoke  the  '  Ara Araon.the  on.the Araon.the  26th;  at.  half-past  10  o'clock,  a.  m.;  146  'miles  West  of  Cape  Clear.  The  followirig  letter  is  PROM  OUR  OWN.  CORRESPONDENT  NEW  YORK,  SATURDAY,  .SEPT.  17.  To-day  the  Collins  steamer,  Atlantic,  leaveS  this  port,  for  Liverpool,  (in  place  of  the  Pacific,  dis disabled,).l  abled,).l disabled,).l  send  you  the  principal  news-items.  The  British  mail  steamer,  Niagara,  reached  BoAOn  at  midnight  on  ThurSday,  her  mails  arrived  yesterday  evening.  The  steamer,  Crescent  City,  had  sailed  for  Aspinwall,  .  with  the  Georgias,  Californian  mails,  from  Norfolk,  on  Wednesday,  the  14th  inst:  Two  more  Railway  Accidents  have  occured.  One  on  the  Hudson  River  Road,  causing  the  deathof  some  three  or  more  persons  ;.  and  the  other  on  the  New  York  Central,  at  the  depot  at  Oneida.  The  Ex Express  press Express  Train,  -While  'standing  there,  Was  run  into  •by  a  freight  train,  causing•  one  person's  death,  and  very  serious  injuries  to  many.  A  man  of  name  of  Cha  . STYLE=superscript  innan,  (and  Irishman)  is  supposed  to  have  committed  a  murder  upon  the  persons  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Cousins,  at  Sherburn,  oldoAnn,  on  the  night  o  f  Wed  n  e  s  day  la  s  t.  kis  Motive  is  supposed  to  have  been,  the  getting  froth  them  some  81,000  dollars,  which  he  had  understood  Was  in  the  housc  ;  he  has  been  arrested  and  the  jury  have  committed,  him  for  trial.  A  great  freshet  had  been  experienced  at  Georgia,  and  Augusta,  which  had  delayed  the  mails  one  day.  The  last  news  from  Mexico,  seems  to  •  foretell  further  difficulties  from  the  Rio  Grande,  we  learn  that  Santa  Anna  was  prosecuting,stennous  mea meamires.  mires. meamires.  He  had  imposed  . STYLE=superscript  a  tax  of  122  cents  says  the  Ledger,  on  each  member  of  a  family  causing  much  distress  •  among  the  peer,  and  he  had  issued  an  order,  for  raising  ninety-one  thousand  men,  for  frontier  defence:  .Santa  Anna  enjoins  all  who  have  suffered  from  Indian  dessredations,  to  present  their  claims  at  the  City  of  Mexico,  He  intends  to  de detnand  tnand detnand  restitution  under  the  treaty  of  Guadalupe  liidalgo.  Four  ofthe  largest  States,  viz.--Guan viz.--Guanaxuato,  axuato, viz.--Guanaxuato,  Gualajara,,.  Mareles  •  and  Chihuahua,  have  pronounced  against  him.  By  the  arrival  at  New  Orleans  of  the  schooner  from  Belize,  Honduras,  having  on  board  the  American  Consul,  Mr.  Hempstead.  We  learn  that  Mr,  H.  reports  on.  July  12th,  a  pa•ty  Spaniards  attacked  Limas,  killed  the  police,  and  attempted  the  lives  .off  the  magistrates,  the  collec collector,  tor, collector,  and  the  British  consul:  Guatemala  had  purchased  an  English  schooner,.  with  which  it  had  captured  the  Honduras  towns  of  Onira,  and  Turillo;  The  British  _schooner  Thomas  was  Yost,  August  - STYLE=superscript  lOth,  passengers  and  crew  saved..  shock  of  an  earthquake  is  reported  to  have  been  felt  in  the  lake  shores.  The  yellow  .fever  at  New  Orleans  is  fast  dying  away,  -but  strangers  are  warned  not  to  go  thither  at  present,  as  it  is  thought'  the  .  abatement  is  caused  only  for  the  want  of  further  material,  that  the  scourge  - STYLE=superscript  still  remains  there.  Letters  to  the  9th  instant  have  been  received  from  Mobile,  which  represent  the  fever  as  increas increasing  ing increasing  there;  the  deaths  were  thirty-five  to  forty  each  of  the  preceding  few  days,  and  it  is  estimated  that  from  1,000  to  2,000  were  sick  at  that  time.  Wh  en  it  is  considered  that  probably  not  over  5,000  per persOns,  sOns, persOns,  if  so  many,  remain  in  the  city  •  over  night,  some  idea  May  be  formed  - STYLE=superscript  of,  the  extent  of  the  ap ap-rng  -rng ap-rng STYLE=superscript  calamity  prevailing  there.  •  Commercial  affairs,  during  the  last  threeor  four  indeed,  the  have  undergone  great  fluct  ua  ti  ons  ,  an  d  the  markets  generally,  have  been  very  :variable.  Aterchants  have  .  been  undecided  as  t  o  th  e  i  r  ptir;  chases;  this  excitement  has  its.  origin  from'  two  causes,  first,  from  the  changing  tenor  of  the  advices  received  by  the  last  two  or  three  steamers  from.  Europe,  and  secondly,  from  the  scarcity  of  shipping.  The  latter  appers  to.  have  had  the  greatest  effect  in  lowering  -the  price  of  breadstuffs,  although  holders  have  exhibited  auxiously  to  make  sales.  The  Exchange  Market  very  irregular.  Woclaee  Bills  have  been  sold  of  the  best  names  to  bankers  for  re-selling  as  low  as  1074  , STYLE=superscript  -;  and  good  Bankers'  Signatures  are  to  be  bought  at  1091,  but  the  best  sell  at  1094-."
