text
"be  strictly  uld  not  - STYLE=superscript  allow  them  In  the  course  of  the  discussion  Mr.  Lee,  ',—  that  he  had  not  acted  in  the  matter  on  his  own  mere  motion,  but  that  being  a  public  officer,  he  was  like  a  puppet  moved  when  other  parties  nulled  the  strings.  Mr.  Bards Bards'  ' Bards'  Mr.  Lee  to  u  derstand  that  he  did  not  intend  He  might  state  also  that  the  pro pro'U  'U pro'U  respect  of  which  the  application  was  made,  osed  since  the  month  of  November,  1842.  It  greed  that  the  letters  which  passed  between  Mr.  l  and  Mr.  Lee,  previous  to  the  issuing  or  the  -  1 STYLE=superscript  ,1  be  taken  as  read,  and  that  the  fresh  ..ar  12  o'clock  Tuesday.  It  Ir.  Simon  was  instructed,  but  4ue  gentleman  who  was  with  him  in  court  Fitzgerald,  a  Dublin  solicitor.  W.  SwiFT.—His  Honour  was  to  have  delivered  on  the  certificate  this  day,  but  at  the  instance  of  `urst,  who  appeared  for  the  bankrupt,  it  was  gistrar,  well  beige  i  ti  reflecon  on  h  ,_  .  ni  ceeait  had  heen  ci  was  then  ar  it  was  said  that  was  M  IN  It  IN  RE  G  (BEFORE  MIL  COMMISSIONER  PERRY.)  - STYLE=superscript  RGE  MOSEL—The  bankrupt's  last  examination  9 STYLE=superscript  2nd  January,  no  balance  sheet  having  Mr.  Hull  appeared  for  th  )  nkrupt,  described  as  'e  dealer  . STYLE=superscript  of  Chest,  certific  tine,  ^  Mr.  Rymer,  who  appeared  for  no  oppositio  -The  bankrupt,  a  machine  maker,  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.-LIVER  1 STYLE=superscript  TUESDAY,  JANUARY  1,  1856.  POLICE  COURT.-YESTERDAY  (BEFORE  MR,  W,  EARLp,S  .  .  .  •  TAKING  Man.—A  girl,  named  Mary  Critchtey,  was  charged  with  sv'aling•  a  watch  from  John  Ackinyd.  On  the  evening  of  the  19th,Deeember,  the  complainant  was  in  a  pnblic-houSe  in  Mount-pleasant,  •  also  there,  and  on  his  leaving  the  hensc,  watch  and  Tan  away,__and  made-leer  escape.  The  1  ,  cutothad  not  seen  her  again  ,nntilshe  was  in  custody  She  denied  the  charge,  and  said  she  had  every  day  since  been  engaged  about  her  business  in  St.  John's  Market,  and  that  the  prosecutor  had  'seen'  her  every  day  since,  and  never  /  said  a  word  ,about•the  affair,  She  conld  bring  .witnesses  to  prove  this  story.  She  was  remanded  to  produce  witnesses.  ,  STBALING  BUTTER  .  —Mary  Tomlinson,  a  young  woman  well  known  to  the  police,  was  charged  by  James  ()Wanton,  of  St.:  Martin's  Market,  with  having  stolen  some  'lumps  of  butter  from  his  stall.  The  case  was  fully  proved;  and  - STYLE=superscript  .  the  prisoner  was  sent  to  jail  for  three  months.  .......  •  •  •  -  •  Pi  UNDER  BY  A  •  SHOPMAN.  —Detectives  Sullivan,.  and  Patrick,  brouglat  tip  a  respectable  looking  young  man  named  George  Owen,  on  the  charge  of  having  stolen  a  quantity  of  property  , STYLE=superscript  from  his  employer,  Mr;  Plumbe,  draper,  of  Berry-street.  On  Friday  .the  police  were  informed  that  thl  prisoner  was  suspected,  and  they  had  an  eye  on  him.  About  12  o'clock  on  Saturday  they  searched  his  trunk,  and  found  a  quantity  of  property  which  Mr.  Plumbe  identified  as  belonging  to  him,  and  which  consisted  of  handkerchiefs,  ties,  white  'and  blac'  kid  gloves,  shirt  collars,  mufflers,  stockings,  &amp;c.  Sulli  van  said  the  prisoner  confessed  tie  fact,  and  also  that  ht  had  given  -some  handkerchiefs  to  a  Miss  Mary  /  ,  the  pr  Slater,  and  on  going  to  her,  she  gave  him  up  the  property.  The  prisoner  at  once  admitted  the  charge.  Mr.  Plumbe  said  the  prisoner  had  been  in  his  employment  for  only  seven  weeks.  The  depositions  were  taken,  and  the  orisor4r  was  under  the  new  act  sentenced  to  one  month  'hard  labour.  ivC  AND  POCKET-PICKING  A  genteel-looking  youth,  named  J.  Newton,  was  charged  by  detective  Povey,  who  said,  at  a  quarter  to  eleven  o'clock  on  Saturday  night  he  saw  a  large  crowd  of  persons  leaving  the  concert  at  St.  aeorge's  Hall,  and  amohgst  the  people  was  the  prisoner,  who  wore  a  cloak.  Povey  suspected  he  was  a  &#34;conveyancer.''  ancer.'' &#34;conveyancer.''  He  accordingly  -watched  him,  and  saw  him  try  the  pockets  of  several  ladies.  The  officer'  continued  his  observati;ns  for  some  time,  and  at  last  saw  him  put  his  hand  the  elbow)  into  a  lady's  pocket.  He  then  seized  him  by  the  arm,  and  prevented  him  abstracting  anything.  The  prisoner  said  he  had  his  gloves  on  at  the  time,  and  could  4ot  pick  pockets  with  them'on  his  hands.  Povey  denied  this,  and  said  the  gloves  were  in  the  prisoner's  pocket  and  not  on  his  hands.  The  prisoner  was  sent  to  gaol  for  one  month.  -  There  were  several  other  boys  and  girls  sent  for  different  periods  to  prison  for  picking,  and  attempting  to  pick,  pockets  iu  and  about  the  markets  and  the  crowded  streets  on  Saturday  evening.  LOVE  AND  LARCENY.—Margaret  Rooney  and  Elizabeth  Parry  were  charged  under  the  following  circumstances  by  Inspector  Horne.  Mr.  Bluck  appeared  for  the  prisoner  Parry.  From  the  evidence  of  the  Inspector,  it  appeared  that  the  house  of  a  Mrs.  Mary  Parry,  at  213,  Mill-street,  had  been  entered  and  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel  stolen,  and  this  was  found  to  have  been  pledged  at  Mr.  Charles  Baton's,  Hill  -street,  for  14s.  The  inspector  searched  the  house.of  the  prisoner  Parry,  and  there  found  the  tickets,  although  she  denied  any  knowledge  of  them,  but  said  the  prisoner  Rooney  brought  them  there.  It  turned  out  on  the  inquiry  that  on  Christmas  night  the  son  of  the  prisoner  Parry,  who  was  a  sweetheart  of  the  prisoner  Rooney,  got  into  a  'fight,  and  was  brought  before  the  magistrates  next  day  and  fined  10s,  and  in  default  of  payment,  he  was  committed  to  prison.  The  prisoner  Rooney  hearing  of  the  position  of  her  true  and  his  misfortune,  went  to  inquire  of  his  mother  if  she  could  pay  the  fine,,and  ascertaining  that  she  was  not  able,  she  said,  Oh,  never  mind,  I'll  soon  find  the  money  to  release  and  out  she  went,  It  appeared  that  she  was  in  the  habit  of  working  at  the  house  of  the  complainant,  and  there  she  went,  stole  the  clothes,  and  having  pledged  them,  paid  the.fine  for  her  beau,  released  him  from  durance  vile,  and  on  the  balance  of  the  cash  raised  14  the  pawning,  theyiudulged  in  another  Mr.  Muck  - STYLE=superscript  eohtehifed  that  in  the  state  in  which  the  case  stood,  his  client  must  be  discharged.  This  was  accord accordingly_  ingly_ accordingly_  done,  and  the  other  prisoner  was  committed  for  a  month.  ROBBERY  ON  THE  Ffirott  SEAS.—A  very  little.  man  named  Thomas  Jones,  late  a  sailor  ma  board  the  Austra Australian  lian Australian  ship  Donald  M'Kay,  was  charged  by  Capt.  Warner,  commander  of  that  ship,  with  ,having  stolen  two  hams  and  tWo  watches,  on  the  high  seas,  The  hams  I:eing  the  property,  of  Messrs.  James  Baines  and  Co.,  the  watches  belonging  to  two  passengers,  who  came  by  the  ship.  Mr.  Chilton  appeared  for  the  prisoner.  The  Captain  stated  that  the  hams  and  watches  were  missed,  and  suspicion  fell  Sri  the  prisoner,  and,  on  searching,  one  of  the  w  itches  was  found  in  the  hen-co.ip,  wrapped  in  canvas,  and  close  to  the  prisoner's  berth.  The  prisoner's  knife  was  found  in  the  berth  of  the  gentleman  to  whom  the  watch  belonged.  Mr;  Chilton  :  What  have  you  .to  •do  with  the  watches,  witness  ?  -All  I  have  to  do  with  it  iia  thata  Captain  is  about  th  e  h  ams  .  O  ne  of  the  hams  was  found  in  the  prisoner's  bunk,  and  the  ner  otherwere  shortio  oafelpierostv.i  .The  ons  ,  s  C  3  p  denied  shat  tle  melt  the  hams  could  not  be  taken  for,  that  purpose.  Mr.  Chilton  :  Did  he  not  tell  you  the  men  had  had  too  much  salt  provisions  ?  Witness  :  Why  these  hams  are  salt  pro provisions.  visions. provisions.  I  placed  the  prisoner  in  irons  from  the  13th  to  the  29th  of  December,  when  we  arrived  and  I  gave  him  over  to  the  police.  lie  got  three  meals  a  day  all  that  time,  the  same  as  the  other  men.  Mr.  Chilton  Contended  that  the  men  were  short  of  provisions,  and  that  wax  the  reason  the  hams  were  taken.  C:ipain  Warner  :  deny  that  Mr.  Chilton  :  What's  the  weight  of  the  hams  ?  Witness:  About  ten  pounds  each.  Mr.  Chilton  :  And  worth  about  23d  a  pound.  (Laughter)  Captain  Warner:  No,  they  are  the  best  hams  to  be  had.  (It  was  said  the  value  iv  :s  about  lod  per  pound.)  The  owner  of  the  watch  (the  one  found)  had  gone  to  Scotland,  but  he  told  witness  he  would  come  if  written  for.  Mr.  Chilton  contended,  that  under  the  merchant's  shipping  act,  the  bench  had=  only  the  power  to  deduct  the  value  of  the  property  from  the  man's  wages,  and  he  was  not  paid  yet.  The  court  had  also  the  power  to  imprison  him  for  any  period  not  'more  than  twelve  weeks,  and  considering  that  he  had  been  already  sixteen  days  in  confinement  on  board  the  ship,  he  trusted  that  would  be  taken  into  considera consideration.  tion. consideration.  The  prisoner  was  sent  to  jail  for  eight  weeks.  •  ATTEMPTED  ,PLUNDER  ON  BOAR  D  THE  SAVE  SHIP.—A  young  fellow,  named  James  Bournes,  was  charged  by  Alfred  Appleton,  a  passenger  by  th  e  same  vessel,  with  an  attempt  to  steal  a  quantity  of  clothes.  •  The  prisoner  was  found.  concealed  in  the  complainant's  berth,  and  had  a  large  quantity  of  clothes  tied  up  ready  for  removal.  He  was  committed  for  one  month.  BREAKING  INTO  A  FouNnny.:bn  Sunday  night  the  foundry  of  Mr.  Daniel,  of  Boundary-street,  was  broken  into,  and  a  quantity  of  copper,  brass,  and  other  property  taken.  The  following  morning  (yesterday),  the  .police  found  two  young  men,  named  John  Fortune  and  John  Hughes,  offering  a  portion  of  the  copper  and  brass  for  sale  at  a  marine  store  dealer's  named  John  Sharkey,  who  was  in  the  act  of  weighing  the  metal  when  the  constables  entered,  and  he  was  charged  as  a  receiver.  The  three  prisoners  were  fully  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  (BEFORE  MR.  MANSFIELD.)  POLICE.  --Several  person  s  were  brought  with  having  ass  au  lt  e  d  t  h  e  po  li  ce  i  n  drunken  rows  on  Sunday  night,  and  amingst  them  was  u  a  person  named  Henry  Cl  ancey  .  Th  e  complainant  ASSAULTS  chargedox  T  1133  Reilly,  No.  91,  said  the  prisoner  was  a  returned  convict,  and  since  his  return,  he  resided  with  a  female  in  Peter Peterstreet.  street. Peterstreet.  On  Sunday  night  the  officer  was  called  by  a  lad,  who  informed  him  that  Clancy  was  killing  the  woman,  he  went,  to  the  place  and  heard  loud  cries  of  but  he  could,not  obtain  admittance,  and  he  got  a  chair  which  enabled  him  to  look  through,  the  window,  when  he  saw  the  prisOner  beating  tfie  woman,  who  was  lying  on  the  floor  ;  the  poustable  knocked  at  the  'door;  but  was  still  refused  admittance,  and  then  he  pushed  in  the  door,  when  the  prisoner  assaulted  him.  Mr.  Bluck  or  the  prisoner,  admitted  that  he  was  a  returned  transport,  but  unlike  most  of  such  persons,  he  had  conducted  himself  in  the  best  manner  since,  and  had  worked  at  Messrs.  Cato  and  Millers,  and  at  Mr.  Laird's,  and  for  the  'time  bore  a  good  character.  The  prisoner  was  fined  10s.  George  Maher,  was  fined  40s  for  an  assult,  in  a  street  row,  on  constable  499.  YOUNG  ATEYStHRISTIAN  IMPROVEMENT  SOCIETy,'  PEMBROKE  CHAPEL  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Sir,—Much  has  been  said  of.late  in  favour  of  that  excel excellent  lent excellent  society,  the  Young  , STYLE=superscript  Men's  Christian  Aisociation  permit  me,  through  the  medium  of  your  popular  newspaper,  to  call  the  attention  or  those  for  whom  such  meetings  are  established  :to.  the  following  remarks  :—The  , STYLE=superscript  Young  Men's  Christian  -Improvement  Society  is  now  in  its  second  year  of  existence,  and  so  flourishing  is  its  condition,  that  it  numbers  about  sixty  active  members,  who  are  anxious  ,  to  promote  the  spread  of  religion,  and  seek  the  welfare  and  happiness  of  all.  young  men.  jt  is  under  the  superintendence  of  S.  B.  Jackson,  Esq.,  who  takes  a  deep  interest  in  its  spiritual  prbgress.  The  society's  meetings  are  occupied  in  lectures  and  essays  11-om  its  members,'and  a  few  ministers  have  kindly  consented  to  deliver  addresses  during  the  next  half  year..  Now,  sir,  it  mist  be,  lamented  that  the  above  are  not  better  attended.  Notwithstanding  the  num number  ber number  of  young  merlin  this  toWn.  it  grieves  me  to  behold  many,  that  are  now  in  . STYLE=superscript  the,  zenith  of  their  bloomful  youth,  wasting  the  fast-fleeting,  Morning  of  life,  e'er  their  sun  breaks  forth  to  shine  in,  manhood.  Alas,  how  many  there  are  that  fancy  it's  time  enough,  I  am  young  To  such  I  would  say,  that  time•  flies  imperceptibly  away  ;  do  you  not  know  that  he  that  leaves  religion  to  his  last  days,  reserves  only  the  bran  for  God,  while  his,  gives  the  Ane  ;flour  to  the  devil.?.  We  must  remember,  sir,  that  the  present  time  is  only  ours  ;  let  us  be  more  careful  of  it,  than  the  miser  of  his  gold.  When  our  Saviour  fed  the  multitude,  he  said,  k  I  up  the  fragments,  that  nothing  be  lost.'  It  is  retrospect  in  hoar_li  may  call  them)  mideperfec  trifle.  t)  often  dinployed,  say  Id  Only  turn  the  many  singing  saloons  .ould  fir  ose  trifle  when  t  time  (as  they  A  tht  perfectio  s STYLE=superscript  n  is  n,  Doubtless,  sir,  my  remedy  may  be  thought  too  hard;  and  many  may  say,  are  we  to  abandon  recreation,  when  the  wise  man  says,  Rejoice,  o.young  man;  in  thy  youth,  and  let  thy  heart  cheer  thee  in  thy  youth.&#34;'  I  believe  that  recreation  is  highly  conducive,  yea  is  essential,  to  hea!tb,  but  I  ask,  sir,  will  that  sort  ofrecreation  'alluded  to  above  tend  to  invigorate  health  ?  I  am  sure  the  over-heated  ball ballroom,  room, ballroom,  and  the  hour  of  midnight,  is  not  time  and  place  for  it;  yet-,  doubtless,  thousands  will  argue  that  it,  is.  But  young  man,  for  all  these  things  God  will,  bring  you  to,  What  comfort  will  the  above  so-called-amusement  afford  on  a  death  bed  ?  Will  they  not  tend  .  to  increase  the  thorns  in  your  pillow  when  reflecting  on  the  golden  hours,  of  which  you  robbed  your  poor  soul?  In  conclusion,  Mr.  Editor,  allow  me  to  urge  on  the  young  to  visit  those  meetings,  which  they  will  find  beneficial.  That  at  Pembroke  Chapel  meets  every  Friday  evening,  in  the  vestry  underneath  ;  and  the  Christian  Association  meets  every  Thursday_  evening  in  Renshaw Renshawstreet,  street, Renshawstreet,  at  half-past  eight.  The  former  held  their  half halfyearly  yearly halfyearly  tea  meeting  last  evening,  when  a  number  of  gentlemen  and  friends  were  present.  The  report  of  the  society  was  read,  and  several  members  addressed  the  meeting,  after  which  the  Rev.  Mr.  Webb  gave  a  few  friendly  remarks.  Hoping  that  you  may  consider  -these  few  broken  and  disconnected  remarks  worthy  a  place  in  your  columns,  I.  as  anhumble  member  of  both  these  societies  sincerely  desire  that  young  men  may  come  in,  for  there  is  yet  room.  By  your  giving  this  publicity,  it  may  be  the  to  it.  —Yours,  &amp;c.,  J.  B.  K.  Liverpool,  Dec.  29,  1955.  THE  AMERICAN  MAIL  ,-...--  TO  THR  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sir  '  —I  observe  that  the  Ameri  ca  was  detained  for  nearly  three  hours  outside  the  bar;  allow  me  to  inquire  whether  the  merchants  and  shipowners  of  this  great  port  are  prepared  to  acquiesce  in  repeated  delays  of  this  kind,  until  it  is  ascertained  that  they  are  unavoidable  ?—Yours,  &amp;c.,  Monday,  Dec.  31,  1855.  S.  B.  POST  OFFICE  NOTICES  The  following  notices  have  been  issued  from  the  General  Post  Office  :  MAILS  FOR  AUSTRALIA  Subject  to  a  notice  of  discontinuance  on  the  re-establish  ment  of  regular  steam  communication,  arrangements  hav(  been  made  for  the  conveyance  of  mails  to  Australia,  twicE  in  every  month  during  the  ensuing  year,  by  clipper  ships  from  Liverpool,  the  owners  of  which  have  entered  into  contract  with  the  Postmaster-goneral  for  the  performanc  of  this  service  in  a  stated  number  of  days.  Unless  a  further  notice  be  issued,  the  mails  for  Australi  will  be  made  up  in  Lon  lon  on  the  evening  of  the  uncle  ►mentioned  days,  viz  January  .  January  .  February  February  Afarch  March  April  April  May  May  June  June  7th  July  .  21st  July  ...  6th  August  .  21st  August  .  oth  September  224  September  sth  October  .  21st  October  .  sth  November  19th  November  4th  December  19th  December  The  packet  will,  in  each  case,  leave  Liverpool  on  the  following  day.  All  letters'and,  newspapers  for  New  South  Wales,  Vic  toria,  South  Australia,  Van  Diemen's  Land,  and  Nes  Zealand,  will  be  forwarded  by  these  packets,  unless  directed  to  be  sent  by  some  other  shin.  Those  postmast  er  i  w  h  ose  i  nst  ructions  direct  them  to  forward  letters  to  Liverpool  by  cross  post,  will  send  in  the  same  manner,  letters,  &amp;c.,  posted  at  their  offices  addressed  to  Australia,  Sce.  ROWLAND  RILL,  Sec.  LS  FOR  SWEDE  •  The  packets  conveying  mails  once  a  week  between  Grimsby  and  Gotteaburg,  under  a  contract  with  the  Swedish  Government,  having  ceased  running,  no  more  mails  can  be  sent  by  that  route  until  the  re=opening  of  the  navigation  next  spring,  of  which  due  notice  will  be  given.  ROWLAND  HILL,  Secretary.  The  marriage  of  ,Mlle.  Cruvelli,  whose  rPal  wain  it  appears  is  Cruvell,  with  Baron  Vigier,  son  of  Count  Vigier,  ex-Peer  of  France,  hi.:  been  posted  up  at  the  ktairie  of  the  Ist  Arronlissetnent,  Paris.  THE  VACANT  JUDGESHIP.—The  Hull  Pcoket  says  :  The  expected  retirement  of  Mr.  Baron  Parke  from  the  Bench  has  given  rise  to  the  rumour  that  one  of  our  borough  members,  Mr.  Watson,  Q.C.,  will  be  elevated  to  the  vacant  APPROACHING  MARRIAGE  IN  HIGH  LIFE  —We  under understand  stand understand  that  a  matrimonial  alliance  is  arranged,  and  will  shortly  take  place,  between  the  Lady  Emily  Curzon,  daughter  of  the  Earl  Howe,  and  Lieutenant-Colonel  Kings Kingscote,  cote, Kingscote,  of  Kingscote-park,  Gloucestershire,  THE•  LAND  TRANSPORT  CORP3.—In  consequence  of  the  excesses  committed  by  some  of  the  recruits  of  the  Land  Transport  Corps,  lately  sant  to  the  Crimea,  it  is  intended  for  the  future  to  obtain  a  higher  class  of  men,  if  possible.  With  that  view,  it  is  proposed  to  increase  the  bounty.  The  lifoniteur  of  Friday  contains  a  decree  for  placing  the  Imperial  Guard  on  a  permanent  basis.  It  will  consist  of  two  divisions  of  infantry,  a  division  of  cavalry,  two  regiments  of  artillery,  two  companies  of  engineers,  and  a  squadron  of  baggage  trains.  -  -  THE  DEANERY  OF  Dows.--The  Rev.  Thomas  Wood Woodward,  ward, Woodward,  vicar  of  Mullingar,  succeeds  to  the  deanery  of  Down.  Mr.  Woodward,  as  an  author,  has  distinguished  hiniself  in  editing  the  works  of  the  lamented  Rev.  William  Archer  Butler,  formerly  professor  of  moral  philosophy,  T.C.D.  EASTERN,  COUNTIES  RAILWAY.—It  is  stated  in  reference  to  the  Eastern  Counties  Railway  dispute,-  tha'  the  further  publication  of  Mr.  Waddirgton's  reply  has  been  stopped,  ,on  account  of  the  discovery  of  some  error,  and  is  reprinting.  The  Committee's  rejoinder  is  coming  forth,  and  is  expected  not  to  be  couched  in  the  Most  honeyed  terms.  FRENCH  CAMPS.  —We  are  informed  that  engineer  officers  are  now  engaged  in  tracing  out  most  extensive  lines  near  mer,  for  the  immediate  reception  of  a  large  army,  reported  at  100,000  men.  The  new  huts  are  to  be  erected  adjoining  those  occupied  by  the  camp  of  this  year.  Another  camp  of  40,000  men  is  to  be  formed  at  Cherbourg.—  United  Service  Gazette.  A  fire  suddenly  broke  ont  on  the  night  of  Thursday,  in  the  holm  of  a  market  gardener  named  Barassin,  in  the  Route  de  Neuilly,  and  it  spread  with  considerable  violence.  Just  as  it  began,  two  gendarmes,  having  in  their  custody  a  young  soldier  of  the  48th  regiment,  condemned  by  court  martial  to  imprisonment  in  Algeria,  came  up.  They  were  greatly  embarrassed  as  to  whether  or  not  they  should  attempt  to  extinguish  the  fire,  at  the  risk  of  seeing  their  prisoner  escape  ;  but  the  soldier  proposed  to  insist  them  in  extinguishing  the  conflagration,  and  gave  them  his  word  that  he  would  not  think  of  escaping.  The  officers  deter determined  mined determined  to  place  confidence  in  bim,  and  he  worked  right  heartily  with  them,  and  with  the  inhabitants  who  arrived,  in  putting  out  the  fire.  When  01  danger  was  at  an  end  he  placed  himself  very  tranquilly  again  in  their  custody,  and  continued  his  route.—Galgnani.  JENNY  LIND'S  EN STYLE=superscript  GAGEMENTS.--There  are  a  variety  of  statements  abroad  in  the  papers  as  to  the  terms  of  this  vocalist's  engagement  with  Mr.  Mitchell.  The  Revue  et  Gazette  Musicale  de  Paris  says  that  Mr.  Mitchell  has  en engaged  gaged engaged  Mdle  Jenny  at  the  rate  of  £5OO  for  eaeh  concert  ;  but  the  Musical  World  says  t  hat  the  cneculation  is  not  Mr.  Mitchell's  but  Madame  Goldichmidt's  own,  and  that  Mr.  Mitchell  has  simply  undertaken  the  direction  of  it.  Now  we  will  just',  give  our  readers]  the  information  ;that  has  come  to  our  knowledge  in  this  matter,  and  we  have  it  from  a  quarter  on  which  we  can  place  reliance.  Mr.  Mitchell  has  engaged  Madame  Guldschmidt  and  her  hus husband  band husband  for  twenty  weeks,  and  for  that  period  they  are  to  receive  £20,000,  on  the  condition  that  they  perform  at  three  concerts:in  each  week.  We  have  also  heard  that  an  eminent  musical  firm  offered  to  give  Mr.  Mitchell  £5,000  for  his  engagement.—Sussex  Express."
