text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  very  doors,  whilst  the  Board  of  Guardians  look  on  with  the  greatest  complacency  imaginable  !  'Twas  only  the  other  day  that  a  Mr.,  ROBINSON  addressed  a  letter  to  the  London  .  Times,  describing  a  scene  which  he  had  witnessed,  on  the  evening  of  Wednesday  last,  at  -the  gate  of  the  Marylebone  workhouse—a  scene  which  might  well  call  a  blush  to  - STYLE=superscript  the  - STYLE=superscript  cheek  of  every  one  whose  sympathies  are  not  frozen,  or  whose  hearts  are  not  hard  as  the  nether  millstone!  Huddled  together  on  the  cold  pavement,  at  ten  o'clock  at  night,  were  three  poor  miserable  women—the  rejected  and  outcast  of  so society—ragged  ciety—ragged society—ragged  and  pennyless—who  there  sought  rest  for  their  weary  limbs,  and  perhaps  solace  for  their  empty  stomachs—one  of  whom,  it  had  been  ascertained,  a  little  time  before,  was  refused  the  workhouSe  shelter,  and  turned  away  from  the  gate  by  the  well-fed  porter  !  to  seek  the  only  refuge  possible  under  the  circumstances—the  frozen  pavement!  But  .this  is  not  the  first  or  second  time  that  such  things  have  come  before  the  public:  We  have  had  instances  of  poor  wretches  being  denied  admission  into  the  casual  till  death,  in  pity,  came  to  their  relief.  Then  a  coroner's  in inquest  quest inquest  was  held-  7  a  general  verdict  was  returned—,  the  Poor  Law  guardians  were  acquainted  with  the  fact  7  --and  nothing  more  was  heard  of  the  matter.  The  barbarities  perpetrated  upon  unfor unfortunate  tunate unfortunate  prisoners  in  the  Birmingham  and  Leicester  gaols,  have  elicited  Special  Commissions  of  Inquiry.  Why  not  similar  steps  be  taken  with  reference  to  cruelties  not  less  revolting  to  our  moral  sense— sensedisgraceful  disgraceful sensedisgraceful  to  our  civilization—and.  even  degrad degrading  ing degrading  to  our  humanity  ?  If  our  Poor  Law  system  be  so  egregiously  defectiVe  as  to  suffer  the  poor  to  die  in  the  London  streets,  it  is  surely  high  time  that  speedy  and  vigorous  measures  be  adopted  to  effectually  remedy  the  evil—and  thus  once,  and  for  ever,  prevent  the  recurrence  of  such  almost  ncredible  abominations.  THE  subject  of  Town  Improvements  will  be  again  brought  under  the  consideration  of  the  Town  Coun Council  cil Council  at  its  monthly  meeting  to-morrow.  We  learn  that  a  plan,  submitted  by  Mr.  WEIGHTMAN,  the  Borough  Surveyor,  which  is  a  modification  of  the  scheme  last  recommended,  will  be  laid  before  the  Council,  and  recommended  for  adoption  by  the  Improvement  Committee.  The  High  Level  Bridge  from  Dale Dalestreet  street Dalestreet  to  Shaw's-brow,  still  forms  one  of  'the  chief  features  of  the  amended  plan,  which  it  is  thought  will  provoke  a  great  deal  of  discussion,  and  be  strenuously  opposed.  The  High  Level  Bridge,  although  it  would,  in  some  slight  degree,  relieve  .  the  traffic  of  Lord-street  and  Church-street,  will  fail  to  effect  the  object  for  which  it  is  contemplated;.  and  the  sooner  the  subject  of  a  new  thoroughfare,  leading  directly  from  St.  George's  Hall  to  some  point  in  the  immediate  neighbourhood  of  Castle Castlestreet  street Castlestreet  or  North  John-street,  be  - STYLE=superscript  considered,  the  bet better.  ter. better.  This  would  at  once  relieve  the  streets  which  are  now  inconveniently  crowded,  and,  at  the  same  time,  cause  the  removal  of  some  of  the  most  -dis -disgusting  gusting -disgusting  and  filthy  localitieS  in  Liverpool,  where  disease  is  ever  present,  and  where  the  property  is  in  a  condition  so  ruinous  that  a  sacrifice  of  human  life  may  be  averted.  by  its  speedy  demolition.  By  reference  :to  a  paragraph  in  another  column,  it  will  be  seen  that  a  house  in  one  of  the  streets  which  would  be  extinguished  by  the  new  thoroughfare,  fell  in  yesterday  morning.  We  are  aware  that  objections,  of  an  almost  insuperable  nature,  stand  in  the  way  of  carrying  a  direct  thoroughfare  (as  above  suggested)  from  Lime-street  to  Castle-street,  intersecting  North  John-street,  consequent  upon  the  fatal  mistake  made  by  the  Corporation,  a  few  years  ago,  in  not  securing  the  land  upon  which  the  Branch  Bank  of  England  now  stands  ;  but,  admitting  that  we  are  labouring  under  this  disadvantage,  we  are  not  thereby  driven  to  the  necessity  of  approaching  Lime-street  by  the  proposed  High  Level  Dale-street  scheme..  It  should  be  remem remembered,  bered, remembered,  that  what  is  required,  is  a  relief  to  Chui:ch Chui:chstreet.  street. Chui:chstreet.  Lord-street,  so  far  as  it  extends,  already  opens  out  an  uninterrupted  communication  with  Lime-street;  and,  crippled  as  we  are  by  the  Cook Cookstreet  street Cookstreet  blunder,  perhaps,  the  wisest  policy  would  be,  to  construct  a  new  street  from  the  corner  of  Whitechapel,  through  Williamson-square,  and  direct  to  St.  George's  Hall.  This  project  would  be  attended  with  a  comparatively  small  expend expenditure,  iture, expenditure,  for  the  property  through  which  the  street  would  pass,  is  not,  by  any  means,  valuable,  with  the  exception,  perhaps,  of  the  Theatre  Royal  ;  and,  there  is  every  reason  to  believe,  that  the  proprietors  of  this  building  would  be  happy  -to  surrender  it  to  the  Corporation  upon  reasonable  terms.  Moreover,  the  sanitary  condition  of  this  part  of  the  town  would  be  manifestly  consulted  by  the  adoption  of  this  plan,  for  the  filthy  haunts  and  dens  which  it  would  intersect,  and  sweep  away,  are  amongst  the  worst  and  most  obnoxious  with  which  the  town  is  infested.  But,  whatever  may  ultimately  be  resolved  upon  by  the  Council,  we  advise  it  to  pause  before  giving  its  sanction  to  the  High  Level  proposal  of  the  Improvement  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  because,  we  are  firmly  impressed  with  the  conviction,  that  whilst  a  vast  outlay  would  be  incurred,  the  public  convenience  would  not  be  promoted  by  it,  whilst  a  great  injury  would  be  done  to  private  interests.  A  DEAD  CHILD  FO  (IND.—Yesterday  morning  the  body  of  a  female  child,  newly  born,  was  found  in  a  doorway  in  Pomona  Street,  by  a  man  named  John  King  .  _  EXTRAORDINARY  BIRTH—A  WOMAN  DELIVERED  OF  FIVE  CHILDREN.  —We  understand,  that  on  Friday  last,  the  wife  of  a  journeyman  baker,  residing  in  Windsor,  - STYLE=superscript  Tox Toxteth  teth Toxteth  Park,  was  delivered  of  two  boys  and  three  girls.  Four,  surgeons  were  in  attendance  at  the  time  of  the  accouchement.  Up  to  last  night,  the  mother  and  children  were  all  doing  as  well  as  can  be  expected.  -  SUDDEN  -- STYLE=superscript  DEATH.—On  Sunday  morning,  about  seven  o'clock,  a  woman  named  Mary  Browne,  28  years  of  age,  and  residing  in  No.  9  Court,  Milton-street,  was  found  dead  in  her  bed  by  her  husband.  She  went  to  bed  sober,  and  must  have  departed  this  life  quietly,  as  during  the  night,  the  husband  heard  no  struggle,  or  aught  else  that  could  awaken  him  to  the  awful  incident  happening  by  his  side.  An  inquest  will  be  held  on  the  body  to-day.  DEATH  FROM  A  FALL.—On  Saturday  night,  a  man  named  Edward  Dawes,  a  sawyer,  56  years  of  age,  and  resid residing  ing residing  at  No.  10  court,•  Penrhyn-street,  fell  down  the  stairs  leading  to  a  cellar  of  a  beer-house  belonging  to  a  person  named  Doke  who  resides  in  the  same  street.  The  deceased,  who  was  drunk  at  the  time,  broke  his  neck  in  the  fall,  and  though  he  breathed  for  ten  minutes  afterwards,  yet  life  was  found  to  be  eTtinct  on.  the  arrival  of  Mr.  Arnold,  surgeon,  who  had  been  immediately  sent  for.  THE  SILAS  GREENMAN.—As  we  stated  in  our  impression  of  yesterday,  the  passengers  were  landed  from  this  ship  on  Saturday,  and  we  learn,  that  on  Sunday  the  ship  was  thoroughly  fumigated  by  some  of  the  staff  oi  . STYLE=superscript  .the  Borough  Engineer,  under  the  superintendence  of  that  gen gentleman.  tleman. gentleman.  Yesterday  two  more  of  the  German  emigrants  were  removed  from  the  Emigrant's  Home,  Moorfields,  to  the  Workhouse  Hospital,  suffering  from  a  slight  attack  of  diarrhoea.  This  makes  thirteen  cases  in  all,  but  in  none  of  them  have  the  more  advanced  symptoms  of  Asiatic  cholera  been  apparent.  MEETING  OF  INCOME  TAX  COMMISSIONERS  AT,  BIRKENHEAD.—Yesterday,  the  first  meeting  of  the  Com Commissioners  missioners Commissioners  of  Property  and  Income  Tax  for  the  hundred  of  Wirrall,  met  at  the  Market  Inn,  Birkenhead,  to  receive  from  the  assessors  of  the  hundred  their  assessments  for  the  years  from  1853  to  1854,  inclusive.  Commissioners  present:  John  Deane  Case,  Esq.,  in  the  chair  ;  Major-General  the  Hon.  Sir  Edward  Cust,  and  Richard  Barton,  Esq.  The  meeting  was  adjourned  to  the  19th  instant,  at  the  Market  Inn,  Birkenhead.  CHATHAM-STREET  SCHOOL  OF  MEDICINE,  MAN MANCHESTER.—The  CHESTER.—The MANCHESTER.—The  Session  for  1853-4  commenced  . STYLE=superscript  yesterday.  In  the  afternoon,  at  4  o'clock,  an  introductory  address  was  delivered  by  Mr.  Tontham,  which  was  listened  to  with  much  attention.  At  this  institution,  three  scholarships  are  offered  for  competition,  one  of  £2O,  for  3d.  year's  students;  £l5,  for  2nd.  year's  students  ;  and  £lO  for  Ist.  year's  students.  And  it  has  been  convened  that  at  the  end  of  the  Session  a  clerical  prize  of  twenty  guineas  will  be  awarded  in  addition  to  the  usual  medals,  prizes,  and  certificates  of  merit.  COUNTY  OOURTS,  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMER  Sin,—A  cause  was  tried  in  the  County  Court,  on  Friday,  which,  for  many  reasons,  demands  some  notice.  The  action  was  brought  by  the  owner  of  a  spirit-vault,  named  -, STYLE=superscript  SYKES,  against  a  pawn-broker,  of  the  name  of  SORTON,  and  a  master  plasterer  or  bricklayer,  named  GRENFIELR.  The  cause  of  action  was  the  breaking  - STYLE=superscript  of  a  window  and  the  'abstraction  of  half-a-dozen  bottles  Of  Wine  and  spirits.  Yet,  a  matter  of  so  trifling  a  character  occupied  the  Court  ten  hours  and  a  half,  no  less  than  twenty  witnesses  being  examined  ;  •  and  a  special  jury  of  eminent  merchants  being  impan=  nelled  to  try  the  issue.  Nor  is  this  all—the  case  'had  been  already  heard  on  a  former  occasion,  and,  after  occupying  seven  hours,  the  Judge,  Mr.  PoLtoex,  avowed  the  difficulty  which  he  felt.  in  pronouncing  any  judgment  satisfactory  to  his  own  mind,  .and,  with  .the  consent  of  counsel  on  both  sides,  directed  this  re-hearing  .before  a  jury.  In  these  - STYLE=superscript  features  the  case  is,  without  . STYLE=superscript  .  question,  the  most  extraordinely  that  has  yet  been  heard  in  our  LiVerpool  County  Court  ;  or  perhaps,  in  any  County  Court  in  the  Kingdom.  -  .  But,  .it  is  not  on  this  account  that  we  call  atten attention  tion attention  to  it  t  it  has  been  marked  -by  other  features,  that  chew  in  a  strong  light,  both  the  advantag  es  and  the  draw-backs  of.  the  County  Court  system.  It  is  probable  that  all  this  heavy  litigation;  had  it  been  carried  on  in  the  superior  courts  a  few  years  ago,  would  have  inVOlVed  costs  to  the  amount  Of  a  thousand  pounds  tO  the  losing  party.  Two  trials  at  the  Assizes,  with  such  a  hest  of  evidence,  justifying  the  retention  of  three  counsel  on  either  side,  and  with  travelling  and  hotel  ex expenses  penses expenses  of  the  witnesses,  could  scarcely  have  bech  defrayed  at  less  expense.  Under  the  new  system  ;  it  may  be  doubted  if  fifty  pounds  will  not  amply  cover  the  costs  on  both  sides,  even  including  those  extraordinary  costs  which  are  not  allowed  on  taxation  by  the  officer  of  •  the  Court,  Yet,  we  are  convinced  that  even-at  the  assizes  the  cause  could  not  have  been  more  •  satisfactorily  tried,  The  judge,  Mr.  PoLLook,  discharged  his  duty,  as  is  his  invariablohabit,  with  temper,  acuteness,  vigilance,  and  unwearied  patience  —a  patience  that  never  flagged  from  beginning  to  end—and  at  last,  summed  up  the  evidence  to  the  jury,  in  an  address  of  more  than  an  hour,  not  omitting  an  iota  of  evidence  on  either  side.  The  counsel,  Sir  GEORGE  STEPHEN,  for  the  Plaintiff,  and  Mr.  ABPLNALL,  for  the  Defendants,  performed  their  duty  with  (to  give  the  words  of  a  co-temporary)  their  charac characteristic  teristic characteristic  ability.  It  was  no  slight  tax  on  this  ability  for  each  to  do  the  work  of  a  leading  counsel  and  two  juniors,  in  the  examination  of  a  score  of  witnesses--to  address  a  jury  twice,  leaving  no  part  of  the  complicated  evidence  uncritised,  and  to  do  this  'work  well,  with  true  professional  spirit,  not  damped  by  the  paltry  fees  allowed  by  -  the  County  Court  rules.  Nor  was  the  industrious  talent  of  the  Attornies—Mr,  PEMBERTON,  on  the  one  side,  and  Mr,  ALMOND,  011  the  other—less  conspicuously  displayed.  To  use  the  hacknied  expression,  the  Case  was  well  got  up,  All  this  judicial  and  prefessional  ability,  however,  not  a  whit  inferior  to  any  that  Westminster  Hall  itself  .  could  have  brought  into  play,  •  has  been  obtained  at  the  expense  of  a  few  pounds  to  the  belligerents;  prObably•  ten.would  have  coved  the  whole,  but  for  the  extraordinary  number  of  witnesses.  But  there  is  a  great  drawback,  and  we  regret  that  our  duty  as  journalists  compels  us  to  mention  it  ;  we  say  because  observation  tells  us  -  that  it  is  not  a  pecularity  of  this  case,  but  a  fea feature  ture feature  too  commonly  seen  in  County  Court  litiga litigation,  tion, litigation,  and  for  which  a  remedy  must  be  provided,  or  the  County.  Courts  will  become  a  curse  to  the  country.  On  the  one  side  or  the  other,  if  not  on  both,  the  grossest  perjury  was  committed  !  Perjury,  not  by  .a  single  individual—but  by  many  ;  not  under  the  influence  of  sudden  and  strong  excitement—but  deliberately  and  by  collusion  ;  not  by  the  ignorant  and  lowest  class—but  by  persons  in,  apparently,  a  position  of  respectability  !  There  was  no  room  for  the  apology  of  mistake,  or  of  treachery  of  recollec recollection;  tion; recollection;  it  was  oath  against  oath,  where  no  o  bli  qu  i  ty  of  vision,  no  variety  of  position  would  possibly  re reconcile  concile reconcile  the  conflicting  statements.  The  plaintiff's  case  was  simply  this  two  panes  in  his  window  had  been  '  broken  at  one  o'clock  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  morning  of  the  Ist  of  June,  and  six  bottles  of  wine  and  spirits  taken  away,  as  was  alleged,  by  a  drunken  party  of  four  issuing  from  the  adjoining  house,  of  whom  the  defendants  were  two  ;  though  Grenfield  was  only  charged  with  having  joined  - STYLE=superscript  the  party  at  the  door.  This  case  mainly  depended  on  the  evidence  of  a  private  watchman  named  RILEY,  who  had  seen  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  Grenfield  break  one  •  of  the  panes,  and  take  out  a  bottle  of  champagne  which  Sorton  and  the  others  .drank;  RILEY  only  spoke  to  one  bottle,  but  the  plaintiff  and  his  barmaid  swore  that  six  were  missing.  In  many  points  RILEY'S  evidence  was  confirmed  by  three  policemen,  and  especially  it  was  proved  both  by  them  and  by  others,  that  he  was  perfectly  sober  when  he  reported  the  outrage,  about  twenty  minutes  after  its  occurrence,  being  as  soon  any.policeman  This  case  - STYLE=superscript  was  met  by  evidence  to  show  that  both  the  defendants  were  elsewhere  at  the  precise  moment,  when  it  was  admitted  on  all  sides  that  the  window  was  broken,  an  d  several  w  i  tnesses  swore  that  RILEY  was  at  the  time  staggering  drunk  !  This  was  stated  by  several  tradesmen  who  were  of  the  party.  The  alibi  for  GRENFJELD  was  sustained  by  witnesses,  who  traced  him  from  eight  in  the  morning,  to  his  bed,  at  eleven.  To  rebut  this  evidence  for  GRENFIELD,  a  re respectable  spectable respectable  tradesman  was  called,  who  happened  to  be  in  Court  at  the  former  trial,  and  was  so  dis disguSted  guSted disguSted  by  hearing  GRENFIELD:S  statement  then,  that  he  came  - STYLE=superscript  forward  spontaneously  to  prove  hav having  ing having  seen  him  and  conversed  with  him  at  eleven  o'clock,  in  the  vicinity  of  the  plaintiffs  street,  at  the  very  time  when  the  others  stated  that  he  was  retiring  to  bed  at  home,  more  than  a  mile  distant.  The  plaintiff  also  swore  that  he  had  seen  him  near  his  house,  at  the  same  hour  of  eleven  !  Besides  all  this,  overtures  to  pay  for  the  damage,  based  on  partial  admissions  of  having  caused  it,  were  proved  to  have  been  made  by  both  defen defendents,  dents, defendents,  and  were  contradicted  on  oath,  both  by  them  and  others.  Such  was  the  mass  of  contradictions!  but  one  very  - STYLE=superscript  material  point  remained  altogether  unex unexplained  plained unexplained  and  unaccountable.  Though  it  was  proved  that  the  most  diligent  search  was  made,  no  trace  could  be  found  of  more  than  one  bottle  out  of  the  six..  Where  were  the  other  five  ?  Could  RILEY  have  stolen  them  himself?  This  was  the  theory  of  •the  defendents  ;  but  where  could  he  have  con concealed  cealed concealed  them  at  that  honr  ?  If  he  had  secreted  them  on  his  person,  the  officers  would  have  de detected  tected detected  him,  nor  would  he  have  so  promptly  given  the  alarm  :  had  he  been  drunk,  as  alleged,  that  would  instantly  have.  excited  suspicion,  'and  the  Officers  would  have  searched  him.  Could  the  drunken  party  of  four  have  pocketed  them.  This  was  the  theory  of  the  Plaintiff,  but,  only  suggested  as  a  lark,  not  as  a  felonious  taking.  This,  however,  was  rather  too  muc  h  t  o  p  ass  as  a  practical  joke.  Only  one  hypOtheSis  remains  ;  that  the.  plaintiff  and  his  barmaid  falsely  swore  to  the  loss  of  more  than  One  bottle,  and  we  might  assume  that  this  was  the  view  which  the  Jury  took  of  the  case,  were  it  not  that  the  Jurors  were  also  on  their  oath,  bound  .to  return  true  verdict  according  to  the  and  the  evidence  clearly  established  the.  loss  of  one  bottle,  so  that  such  a  view  of  the  matter  would  only  have  justified  a  reduction  of  damages,  not  an  adverse  verdict.  In  a  word,  the  case  is,  still  involved  in  inexpicable  •  mystery,  and  it  matters  little  to  the  public  what  may  be  the  solution.  But,  the  public  have  the  deepest  •  interest  in  the  question,  to  which  this  case  gives  rise.  Is  it  the  tendency  of  the  County  Court  syktem  to  propagate  wholesale  perjury?  It  is  a  question  which  we  will  not  attempt  to  answer;  but,  it  is  undoubtedly  true;  that  a  spirit  of  partizanship  prevails  in  county  Court  litigation,  directly  opposed  to  the  spirit  of  truth  ;  and  this  spirit  dangerous  to  the  interests  of  the  commu community.  nity. community.  If  the  cause  of  SYKES  V.  GREENFIELD,  were  unique,  as  it  oertitinly  is  in  those  particulars  which  we  have  first  mentioned,  we  should  not  have  noticed  it;  but  it  is  a  sample  of  the  cause  list.  We  care  not  where  the  perjury  lies  ;  all  the  parties  are  alike,  strangers  to  us.  Mit,  gross  perjury.  has  been  committed  somewhere,  and  so  it  is  with  most  defended  cases  in  these  new  tribunals.  The  desire  to  triumph  is  too  much  for  the  obligation  of  an  oath  :  this  is  natural  among  the  illiterate  and  uneducated  ;  but  we  were  not  prepared  to  expect  it  among  those  who  rank  in  a  much  higher  class.  If  our  policemen  are  careless  about  evidence  on  oath,  where  is  the  security  for  our  liberty,  our  characters,  or  even  our  lives  ?  If  our  tradesmen  are  unconscious  of  the  solemn  obliga obligation,  tion, obligation,  what  assurances  have  we  of  their  honesty  in  their  ,daily  dealings  ?  and  above  all,  if  our  courts  of  law  are  poisoned  wth  the  gas  of  peijury,  beyond  the  power  of  legal  ability  to  expect,  who  can  dare  to  enter  them  for  redress,  or  to  appear  in  them  in  self  defence  ?  We  are  promised  a  Cottrity  Court  reform!  it  is  a  sad  necessity  within  siX  years  of  their  institution.  Let  it  begin,  however,  in  moral  purification,  and  we  may  still  hail  their  introduction  as  '  a  national  blessing.  It  is  more  easy  to  point  out  the  - STYLE=superscript  evil,  than  to  suggest  the  remedy.  We  might  have  said,  let  sufficient  Costs  be  allowed  in  all  cases,  to  secure  professional  aid  ;  but  the  case  before  us  shows  that  such  a  remedy  may  .  modify  ;  but  cannot  cure  the  evil.  The  cross-examination  on  both  side's  was  ingenious  and  Severe.  The  policeman  Haines  -wag  made  to  Mit  a  melancholy  figure,  with  his  cannot  replies  to  Sir  George's  catechism.  The  judge  more  than  once  lent  his  experienced  aid  to  extract  some  truth,  and  the  jury  most  properly,  put  questions  for  themselves.  If  there  ever  was  a  Case  in  which  fthifessional  skill  would  have•suf have•sufficed  ficed have•sufficed  to  expose  the  subterfuges  offalSehood,  it  was  this  case  pf  Sykes  v:  Greenfield  it  was  abUndantly  displayed,  and  yet  it  Wholly  failed  ;  so  that  ire  who  are  reviewing  it  as  strangers,  free  from  all  bias  to  plaintiff  or  defendant,  and  in  the  calm  seclusion  of  the  closet,  are  obliged  to  confess  -our  inability-to  decide  where  lies  the  guilt.  A  remedy,  however,  must  be  found,  and  perhaps  a  jury  in  every  case  is  the  best,  though  its  remedial  value  has  not  in  this  •  instance,  lit'ot;ed  aticacions.  While  Society  remains  what  it  is,  we  cannot  expect  to  eradicate  falsehood  from  our  courts  of  law  ;  but  experience  has  proved  that  an  acute  and  upright  Judge,.  able  counsel,  and  intelligent  juries  acting  in  hearty  co cooperation,.afford  operation,.afford cooperation,.afford  the  best  security  against  success successful  ful successful  perjury  ;  nor  haS  the  same  experience  failed  in  the  discovery,  that  cheap  litigation  may  indeed  be  a  blessing,  but  ndt  without  much  concomitant  evil,  dal  ctilaie  did  cOniiea  Weging  into  a  national  curse.  Let  us  ehetit  the  - STYLE=superscript  Ilia  in  its  infancy  :  and  fix  the  offenders  with  that  /floral  responsibility  to  public  opinion,  which,  after  all,  is  perhaps,  the  most  efficient  of  all  remedies.  The  cause  of  SYKES  v.  GREENFIELD  reflects  credit  on  nobody,  except  the  gentlemen  who  were  officially  and  profession professionally  ally professionally  engaged.  ABSALOM  P  OL  COURPS.-11oNDAT  LIVERPOOL.  CLAIM  FOR  SEAMAN'S  WAGES.—Mr.  Chilton  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  seaman,  John  Hall,  to  claim  from  Captain  George  Alexander  Lewis,  of  the  Tytho,  wages  clue  t  o  hi  m  for  six  months  and  five  days,  at  £2  Os,  a  month.  Mr.  Owen  appeared  for  the  defence,  Upon  the  part  of  the  claimant  it  was  stated  that  he  shipped  at  tiVerpool,  as  an  .  able  seamen  ;  to  make  a  vOyage  to  and  front  the  West  coast  of  Africa,  at  the  rate  mentioned  ;  and  that  the  amount  of  wages  which  he  claimed,  •  was  now  due  to  him.  Hall  was  examined  himself,  and  stated  ;  that  before  going  to  sea,  the  whole  of  the  crew  of  the  Tytho  appeared  in  that  court,  on  account  of  the  forecastle  of  the  vessel  being  too  small  for  them  to  live  in,  when  the  captain  promised  that  the  coopers  should  live  after,  and  the  seamen  have  all  the  forecastle  to  themselves,  provided  they  returned  to  the  s  hip.  S  e  v  e  n  of  them  agreed  to  go  back,  okwhom  plaintiff  was  one,  and  the  captain,  promised,  that  if  'their  conduct  was  good  for  the  future,  there  would  be  no  deduction  made  from  their  wages.  The  witness  admitted,  that  during  the  voyage,  he  once  was  found  asleep  upon  the  anchor  watch,  and  that,  when  called  up  very  early  one  morning,  after  having  been  worked  hard  the  previous  night,  he  said;  if  the  seamen  did  not  look  to  themselves,  and  see  that  they  got  their  rights,  it  was  their  own  fault.  On  that  occasion  he  stated,  however,  that  he  went  to  work  on  the  30th  of  June,  When  on  the  west  coast  of  Africa,  witness,  with  two  other  seamen,  went  ashore  in  a  canoe,  and  got  into  the  bush,  lest  the  natives  might  attack  them.  After  an  hour  they  saw  the  captain's  boat  come  ashore,  when  they  Went  clown  to  it,  and  when  they  came  to  the  boat,  witness  stated,  that  he  was  struck  several  times  on  the  head  with  a  stick,  by  Captain  Lewis  and  Captain  Davis,  of  the  Abeona,  until  he  was  almost  dead.  Captain  Lewis  then  told  some  of  the  natives  to  take  him  away,  and  let  him  not  be  seen  there  again.  Witness  was  chained  to  the  ground,  and  kept  there  four  days,  after  which  he  was  brought  in  irons  down  to  the  ship  by  the  natives.  That  afternoon,  he,  was  transferred  from  the  Tytho  to  the  Abeona,  where  he  was  kept  in  irons  four  or  five  days,  until  the  vessel  got  clear  off,  after  which,  he  performed  the  voyage  home:  Witness  admitted,  that  upon  ono  000ft010..,  lie  cma  had  gone  over  the  side  of  the  vessel  to  bathe,  and  swam  ashore,  contrary  to  orders.  One  of  the  seamen  who  had  accompanied  him  ashore  upon  the  former  occasion  was  ex examined  amined examined  to  a  similar  effect.  Mr.  Owen  then  called  William  Jackson,  mate  of  the  Tytho  at  the  tame,  who  produced  the.  ship's  log,  containing  certain  entries  regarding  plaintiff,  which  he  stated  were  signed  by  himself  and  were  true.  These  entries  were  to  the  effect,  that  upon  one  occasion,  plaintiff  and  another  seaman  left  off  heaving  salt,  and  said,  they  would  heave  no  more,  for  which,  they  were  put  under  arrest.  That,  en  the  first  of  May,  plaintiff  refused  to  turn  out  to  keep  the  anchor  watch  :  on  the  same  day,  he  was  heard  using  language  tending  to  excite  the  crew  to  insubor insubordination,  dination, insubordination,  saying,  that.  if  they  turned  out  at  four  o'clock  in  the  morning,  it  was  their  own  fault  :  on  May  7th,  he  refused  to  go  to  his  work,  under  the  plea  that  he  was  not  well,  although  pronounced  to  be  quite  well  by  the  surgeon,  and  was  afterwards  examined  by  the  surgeon  of  the  Abeona,  when  he  did  go  to  Work  ;  and  finally,  that  upon  the  29th  of  May,  he  was  found  asleep  upon  his  look  out  on  the  anchor  watch.  Captain  Lewis  deposed,  that  having  heard  of  lan language  guage language  used  by  plaintiff  likely  to  excite  insubo  r  di  na  ti  on  among  the  crew,  he  called  plaintiff  into  the  cabin,  and  asked  him  if  he  did  make  use  of  such  language  ;  upon  which,  plaintiff  replied,  that  lie  had  done  so,  and  added  some  words  to  the  effect,  that  he  would  do  so  again.  The  Court.thought  there  was  sufficient  evidence  to  show  that  the  act  of  insub insubordination  ordination insubordination  had  been  committed  by  the  plaintiff,  and  accordingly  dismissed  the  case.  CHARGE  AGAINST  A  POLICE  OFFICER,  AND  HIS  DIS DIS-3fISSAL.—A  3fISSAL.—A DIS-3fISSAL.—A  man  named  Hall  was  brought  before  the  bench  charged  by  police  officer,  No.  568,  with  having  been  drunk  and  riotous,  on  Sunday  evening  about  seven  o'clock.  The  officer  stated  that  he  told  the  prisoner  to  go  home,  .  when  he  struck  at  witness,  and  witness  was  struck  several  times  with  stones  by  the  crowd.  lie  brought  along  the  prisoner  as  l  i  well  as  he  could,  although  his  right  thumb  had  been  dis disabled  abled disabled  some  days  before.  A  negro  deposed  that  it  was  he  who  first  called  the  attention  of  the  police  officer  to  the  pri prisoner.  soner. prisoner.  This  witness  stated  that  he  went  into  a  public  house  at  the  top  of  Queen-street,  and  Oldhall-street,  where  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  and  some  others  were  drinking,  and  the  moment  he  came  in,  prisoner  asked  what  that  black  wanted  there.  The  master  of  the  house  remonstrated  with  the  prisoner,  but  the  latter  came  over  and  struck  witness,  who  instantly  went  out  for  the  police.  He  met  police  officer,  568,  and  spoke  to  him.  The  officer  went  to  arrest  the  prisoner,  but  a  crowd  gathered  round,  and  he  saw  the  officer  struck  by  the  prisoner,  and  by  the  crowd,  and  bleeding  at  the  mouth.  The  prisoner,  when  asked  what  he  had  to  say  in  his  defence,  called  upon  a  very  respectable  looking  man  in  Court,  who  came  forward  and  deposed  that  on  Sunday  night  he  was  passing  down  Oldhall-street,  with  some  of  his  friends,  going  to  church,  when  he.saz  the  black  man  and  three  others  attacking  the  prisoner  the  public  house,  the  . STYLE=superscript  door  of  which  was  open,  and  saw  the  black  man  strike  prisoner  twice.  He  then  saw  the  policeman  seize  the  prisoner  by  the  throat,  and  knock  him  into  the  street.  Witness  added—l  never  saw  such  brutality  in  my  life.  You  (to  the  police  constable)  struck  the  poor  man's  wife,  and  you  struck  a  young  woman  on  the  cheek.  You  are  a  brute—you  are'  nothing  else.  Mr.  Mansfield  :  You  must  not  make  those  'observations.  Witness  :  I  will  not,  sir,  any  more.  A  second  witness,  who  gave  his  name  as  Hayden,  purser  on  board  a  vessel  going  to  Australia,  deposed  that  he  was  passing  by  the  Victoria  Vaults,  the  public  house  in  question,  on  Sunday(  evening,  when  he  saw  the  prisoner  attacked  by  the  negro  and  three  or  four  others.  The  prisoner  told  his  wife  to  go  for  a  police policeman,  man, policeman,  and  police  officer,  No.  568  came  up,  and  caught  wit witness,  ness, witness,  and  struck  him.  The  prisoner,  in  return,  gave  him  a  blow  ;  when  the  officer  struck  him  upon  the  head  with  his  staff,  and  kicked  him  in  the  abdomen.  Witness  also  stated  that  he  saw  him  strike  the  prisoner's  wife  and  child,  and  added  that  it  was  the  most  brutal  assault  he  had  ever  seen  in  his  life,  and  lie  did  not  know  how  the  prisoner  could  have  lived  until  that  day.  A  third  witness,  Alfred  Taylor,  de deposed  posed deposed  that  he  saw  the  policeman  knock  witness  down,  and  beat  him  about  the  head,  and  also  strike  his  wife  and  child,  and  that  when  they  came  to_  the  watch-house  to  make  a  charge  against  him,  he  wanted  to  thrust  them  out,  and  did  throw  the  Woman  back  from  the  door.  Mr.  Mansfield:  You  are  quite  certain  you  saw  him  strike  the  woman  in  the  way  which  has  been  stated?  Witness  :  Yes,  on  my  oath,  I  saw  him  strike  her  four  or  five  times  with  a  stick.  All  the  wit witnesses  nesses witnesses  stated  that  they  knew  nothing  whatever  of  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  previously.  The  wife  of  the  prisoner  was  herself  examined,  and  deposed  that  she  and  her  husband  were  drinking  a  glass  of  ale  in  the  public  house  when  the  black  and  three  others  came  in,  the  black  made  some  insult insulting  ing insulting  remark  to  her,  upon  which  her  husband  spoke  to  him  in  an  angry  tone,  wken  the  whole  four  set  upon  him.  She  ran  to  the  door  and  called  for  help,  when  several  persons  came  around  her,  among  whom  were  the  gentlemen  who  had  given  evidence.  She  saw  her  husband  dragged  out,  and  the  policeman  held  him,  and  struck  him  upon  the  head  several  times,  until  the  blood  flowed  out,  she  cried  to  the  policeman,  for  God's  sake,  to  let  him  go,  when  he  turned  round  and  struck  her  with  a  stick.  She  followed  him  to  the  watch-house  to  make  a  charge  against  him,  and  was  forcing  her  way  in,  when  he  caught  her  by  the  shoulder  and  flung  her  into  the  street.  Her  husband  and  she  had  drunk  but  one  glass  of  ale.  Mr.  Mansfield  :  Did  the  woman  strike  the  officer,  or  make  any  attack  upon  him  ?  Several  of  the  witnesses  cried  out,  The  officer  here  stated  that  she  did  attack  him,  and  that  he  knew  she  was  the  pri prisoner's  soner's prisoner's  wife,  and  thought  it  natural  she  should  assist  him,  he  would  have  knocked  him  down,  for  she  struck  him  several  times.  This  statement  was  positively  denied  by  the  0 STYLE=superscript  witnesses.  The  police  officer  stated  that  he  had  a  rel  ble  young  man,  who  could  prove  that  he  was  struck  :  0 STYLE=superscript  1  1 STYLE=superscript  life  preserver,  or  some  we  a  p  on  o  f  th  e  ki  n  d.  He  denied  could  have  struck  with  a  s  ti  c  k,  f  or  hi  s  r  i  g  ht  thunly  been  put  out  some  days  before,  and  was  bandaged.  n  e STYLE=superscript  to  call  in  the  name  of  the  Queen  for  some  one  to  help  becausa  the  stones  were  flying  in  -  hundreds.  00  eld  !  The  eT  And  when  a  ev  zot;  the  witnesses  blow  of  your  stick  tl  before  IN  undotibtedlyli*s  that,  from  whatever  it-ml  first  drisen,  as  far  as  rE  laningiof  the  . STYLE=superscript  trap.  - STYLE=superscript  ,  sinninm:  -  It  Is  prisonef  was  more  shined  .  possible  for  us  to  doubt,  afte  the  four  witnesses,  that  the  oru,,_  to  strike  the  Woman.  We  therefore  con.—  improper  person  to  remain  in  the  polied  force,  accordingly  dismiss  him;-  Let  the  prisoner  be  discharb  SThlanvG  Emory  CASKS.—Thomas  Waltott,  ex  t STYLE=superscript  BfichAnan;  and  Jelin  Mc  Connell,  were'  charged  with  AO  two  empty  casks  from  thy;  df  Mr:  Samuel  lit  23,  Harrington-street.  John  Me  Connell  iii  the  Mr.  Hunt,  proved  to  finding  the  casks  in  the  r  the  prisoners.  All  three'  were  known  unfav  police.  Sentenced  to  three  months  each.  Ole  have  1  him  to  TAKING  SECURITY  FOR  A  D  Mary  Cummins  with  snatching  his  1  o'clock  on  Saturday  night,  The  prisoner  elderly  and  ptior  looking  person  )  Bed  - STYLE=superscript  tufty  df  .  plknient  of  a  debt  Hughes  charr,  fir  Viotk,:c  STnikr  ItOlintitt  .  both  Preston,  and  William  mitting  a  street  robbery  in  who  Iv  Zen  ~~~lon;,F  ,t  two  c  a-man;na  stances,  in  Sutlock-street,  a  ing.  They  took  from  the  p  W  alter  Long,  seven  pounds  ten  shillis  that  when  he  first  saw  Long  he  appeared  to  have  're(  very  bad  treatment  and  severe  injuries,  and  there  was  on  his  clothes.  Prosecutor  swore  that  as  he  w  as  inali  the  best  of  his  wtty  WI  strangled,  and  rObbedl  officer  stated  that  the  two  lions  I  prisoner  had  at  first  escaped,  but  when.  .1  arrested,  a  handkerchief,  the  pro  . STYLE=superscript  found  upon  his  person.  torious  characters  in  I  shin:  1  has  I  to  the  poliec  before  committed:  The  woman  Fallon  .was  once  before  mitted,  but  Preston  was  not  know  case  was  sent  io  the  gessihns  for  trial  Pooirr  noicnca.—J  - STYLE=superscript  ohn  Brannon  and  Mary  Vat  evert  were  committed  for  14  days,  for  atfemptin  ladies'  pockets,  in  St.  John's  market,  on  Thomas  Tynan,  was  sentenced  to  one  moni  for  a  similar  offence.  James  Nicholson,  a  person  well  kilo'  to  the  police,  convicted  of  picking  Agnes  Campbell's  pock'  rn  the  same  evening,  in  St.  John's  market,  was  sentenced  two  months  itolnisonrcent.  TAKING  CAIiK  01$  A  FIIIIIND.—  Aarged  by  a  man  named  James  B  pocket  of  a  half-sovereign;  in  a  cellar  in'Jlicksofifstrect:  stated  that  he  went  into  this  ,den  for  the  purpoSe  of  tali  care  of  a  friend,  but  in  his  philauty  robbed  himself,  The  Trisoner  r  elderly  person,  and  not  kt  Annabi  a  poor  was  dischaq  SPIRiTED  CONDUCT  OF  A  the  evening  Saturday,  about  halfquist  six  o'clock,  Mrs,  Elliott,  wit  Mr.  Elliott,  estate  agent,  in  gamden-street,  on  going  into  bedroom,  had  her  attention  drawn  to  the  fact  that  jewellery  case  had  been  opened,  and  the  trinkets  in  it  thr(  into  disorder,  she  asked  her  servant,  who  was  with  her,  al  it,  and  almost  instantly  perceived  the  fist  of  a  man  protrud  from  beneath  her  bed:  She  called  to  the  girl,  who  was  only  other  person  in  the  house,  at  the  time,  to  run  at  for  assistance,  as  there  was  a'  man  concealed  in  and  to  be  sure  to  close  the  street  door  that  he  mit,  make  ,  his  escape.  The  fell  ,  to  be  John  Thuthy,  immediately  got  away  from  bed  and  attempted  to  escape,  but  Mrs.  Elliott  extraordinary  courage,  laid  hold  of  him  and  contia  to  hold  on  during  Fotracted  strne  which  the  ruffian  shook  her,  and  did  her.  At  length  the  officer  (392)  al  a  neighbour  gentleman,  and  the  the  stairs  they  found  a  cameo  br  diopped  from  the  prisoner  for  three  months  in  Jnly  last,  and  trial.  The  magistrate  commented  warml  conduct  of  Mrs.  Elliott.  It  is  remarka  rageous  young  woman  on  a  former  - STYLE=superscript  occa  rested  a  thief  in  her  husband's  office,'  and  complimented  for  her  conduct  by  the  Grand  Jur  STEALING  A  WATCH.—Ann  Jenninzs  was  A  vhose  name  turned  filthy  hid  I  11  itrit  unaid,  21  days'  imprisonment,  havi  a  watch,  at  twelve  o'clock  on  a  convicted  of  st  son  of  Ekit'grd  Patterson,  fireman,  onboard  the  steal%  SHOP  LIFTING.—Ann  Davies  was  committed  for  tin  months  for  stealing  two  silk  handkerchiefs  from  the  shop  Mr.  • STYLE=superscript  Peter  Marsh,  §cotland §cotlandother  other §cotlandother  handkerchiefs  were  found  on  heriperson  belonging  ntlinr  pstablishmants:  1,  on  •  Saturdal  STREET  ROBBERY  WITH  ASSAX  low  who.  had  been  seven  times  b  for  trial  at  the  sessions,  charged  with  knoekin  _  Conway,  at  Edge-hill,  Wavertree,  about  half-past  elc  o'clock  on  Saturday  night,  and  robbing  him  of  eight  511  down  J  hugs.  Seven  shilli  prisoner's  person.  STEALING  ROPES.  -  William  Elwood  was  convicted  sentenced  to  42  days  imprisonment,  for  stealing  1  cw  ropes  from  the  Huskisson  dock.  They  were  the  propert  the  ship  Shooting'  •  were  found  Ton  IN  A  LODGING  HOUSI  CHARGE  or  ROBIHN`  Wright  and  John  Anderson,  two  seamen  robbing  Charles  Millar,  of  £4  12s.  of  Mrs.  Bale  Denison,  where  the  which  was  only  one  of  stron  .e  charg  ,  in  the  .  .hol'  II  lodged.  The  ca  —On  Saturday,  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel  dressing  -cases,•  and  other  property,  were  found  in  Liverpo  o STYLE=superscript  at  the  house  of  a  person  named  Sarah  Meycliffe.  :Othe  r STYLE=superscript  portions  of  the  same  property  were  found  at  various  paw'  shops.  The  goods  in  question  had  been  stolen  from  the  sho3  of  Mr.  Hynes,  of  the  Bazaar,  Birkenhead.  It  ie  susiecte  that  the  goods,  which  are  estimated  as  being  worth  ,about  £4O,  were  taken  by  a  servant  girl,  since  apprehended,  b  ll STYLE=superscript  whose  name  has  not  as  yet  been  made  public.  This  g  irl  15 STYLE=superscript  /  we  believe,  daughter  to  Meycliffe.  The  case  came  on  befor  e STYLE=superscript  the  magistrates  at  Birkenhead  yesterday,  but  w  as  re  mand'  in  order  that  the  police  might  seek  for  further  inforrnatiott•  BIRKENHEAD  ROBBERY  STONE  Tn  - STYLE=superscript  nowfict  ing,  Mr.  William  Harris,  proprietor  (  Academy,  G-awthorp,  appeared  to  prefer  a  boy  named  Byrne,  who  had;  thought,  even  dangerously,  cut  named  Whittaker.  The  case  will  be  brought  before  the  mar  -At  about  six  o'cl  yesterday  eve  l STYLE=superscript  Mersey  Hot  severely  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION.-  7  0n  the  first  of  following  are  the  names  of  the  retiring  members,  of  ti  Council:  ,Everton  Ward,  S.  M.  Mellor  ;  Scotland,  PI  Woodruff;  Vauxhall,  'William  Nicholson  ;  St.  Paul's,  oliv  Holden;  Exchange,  Charles  Turner  ;  Castl  Holt  ;  St.  Peter's,  James  Holme;  Pit  . STYLE=superscript  Jeffreys  ;  Great  George,  W.  A.  Clayton  ;  Rodney,  J.  Tobin  ;  Abercromby,  R.  C.  Gardner  '  -  :Lime-street,'J.  Lloyd;  St.  Anne's,  J.  Nicholson;  West  Derby,  J.  Wood  ;  South  Toxteth,  Samuel  II  Matthew  Gregson.  The  followin  tire  street,  Geor''  -street,  SY.  !I•orth'  Tost(  Mr.  Joseph  Parker,  for  S  Joseph  Cooper,  Great  George,  Wood,  Rodney-street  ;  Mr.  James  Procter,  Abereienik  Mr.  J.  Bramley-Moore,  Lime-Street  ;  Mr.  Edmund  Mo'  neux,  St.  Anne  street;  and  Mr.  Thomas  Chilton,  Nor  Toxteth.  At  present,  there  is  no  prospect  of  more  t  1.12„  two  or  three  of  the  Wards  being  contested  ;  indeed,  iiroD  the  exception  of  Pitt-street  and  West  Derby  Wards;  intention  to  oppose  the  retiring  members  h  as  y  et  been  avd  Mr.  W.  Nicholson,  in  Scotland  Ward,  and  M  ton,  in  Great  George's  Ward,  decline  to  offer  re-election,  and  their  places  are  likely  to  be.  supplied  Daniel  Powell  and  Mr.  John  Rogers..  M  r  ,  W.  P.  opponent  in  Pitt-street  Ward,  has  not  yet  been  n  a  tried  liberal  will,  we  are  assured,  cont  tion  of  the  Ward  with  that  gentleman.  jun.,  contests  the  West  Derby  Ward  wit  Peter's  ,rd;  31 STYLE=superscript  '  Nel  W.  A.  031,  Ir.  W.  liathbpo!  h  Mr.  J.  M.  Wroo,  FALL  OF  A  HOUSE  IN  PRESTON  STREET  morning,  s  hortly  after  thr  ee  o  '  c  l  oc  k  ,  cons  id  era  b  created  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Preston  St  chapel,  and  Dale  Street,  by  the  falling  of  a  h_  Preston  Street,  occupied  by  a  man  named  Grady,...,  store,  and  also  as  a  residence.  The  property  in  qi  we  believe,  belongs  to  Squire  Cross,  but  is  held  on  1  a  lady  who  is  now  an  inmate  of  a  lunatic  a  perty  has  been  very  much  neglected  in  con  paid  no  rent  for  several  years,  setting,at  to  dispossess  him.  This  was  the  state.  of  i  terday  morning,  when  the  dilapidated  ga  which  was  unsupported,  gaVe  way,  and  th(  cipitating  a  considerable  portion  of  the  fr(  street.  Grady,  with  his  wife  and  child,  were  in  al  meat  of  the  house  when  the  srabl  escaped  without  injury  pelled  to  force  them  from  the  ruins,  1'  safety,  but  as  soon  as  it  wa  danger  was  impendin  roofless  premises.  •It  was  I  such  an  early  hour  in  the  month  hour  of  the  day,  it  would  in  all  probabil  with  a  sacrifice  of  life,  as  the  street  is  d  and  much  used  as  a  thoroughfar  Rishton,  the  building  surveyor  finding  them  to  be  in  a  very  da  secured  the  attendance  of  two  the  premises,  and  having  satisfi  ous  state  of  the  walls,  issued  an  _  Grady  was  a  second  time  forcibly  ej  out  a  vigorous  opposition,  and  the  1.  vigorously  proceeded  with  e  alarm  A  B STYLE=superscript  '  .eet,  it  Thep  aiice  all  attest  up  to  y't  The  police,  we  learn,  we  Grady  again  took  po:  ly  p  o  pida,te,  Yesterday  afternoon,  Mr.  H.  LEE  CARTER'S  ENTERTAP.  , STYLE=superscript  evening,  at  the  Concert  Hall,  Lord  Nelson-stt  Lee  Carter  repeated  his  new  musical  entertt  combines  the  best  panoramic  and  scenic  effect  vocal  and  instrumental  music.  ;  exavaE'"
