text
"litbitiu.  The  Human  Hair,  Popularly  and  Physiologically  Considered.  By  Alexander  Rowland.  London  :  •  Piper  Brothers.  It  was  said  of  Swift,  that  so  fecund  was  his  genius  that  he  could  write  a  tome  upon  a  broom-stick  !  but  here  we  have  got  a  volume  of  some  hundred  pages  upon  the  subject  of  the  human  hair  !  This  book  is,  without  exception,  the  best  we  have  ever  seen  upon  such  a  subject,  and  must  have  cost  the  author  infinite  pains,  and  no  small  modicum  of  patience,  in  the  preparation.  The  physiological  structure  of  the  hair—the  distin distinguishing  guishing distinguishing  characteristics  of  that  of  various  races—the  fashions  adopted  by  various  countries  with  regard  to  it—the  diseases  to  which  it  is  subject,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  are  all  duly  and  admirably  dilated  upon,  and  a  host  of  authorities  are  quoted,  which  certainly  give  to  the  work  a  claim  to  erudition.  A  num number  ber number  of  engravings  and  coloured  plates,  illus illustrating  trating illustrating  the  anatomy  of  this  human  tegument,  not  only  beautify  the  work,  but  make  it  far  more  inter interesting  esting interesting  and  instructive.  We  do  not  look  for  literary  perfection  in  a  book  treating  of  such  a  topic,  and  therefore  feel  disposed  to  pass  over  silently  any  trifling  blemishes  that  attract  our  attention.  We  are  happy  to  say,  however,  that  the  defects  are  few  and  far  and  are  considerably  more  than  compensated  for,  by  the  excess  of  excellencies  which  pervades  it.  The  author  thus  introduces  his  subject:—  hair  of  the  head  among  all  nations,  civilized  and  savage,  ancient  and  modern,  has  ever  been  considered  an  ornament  to  the  person,  and  its  healthy  preservation  and  orderly  arrangement  have  usually  occupied  a  considerable  share  of  attention.  Luxuriant  and  tastefully  arranged  hair  certainly  ands  a  peculiar  degree  of  style,  elegance,  and  finish  to  the  features  of  the  female  face,  and  excites  admiration  in  the  most  casual  observer,  and  a  due  regard  to  the  trim  and  appearance  of  this  appendage  to  the  human  fate,  is  not  out  of  place  even  in  the  opposite  sex  :  for  all  should  cultivate  and  preserve  the  gifts  with  which  Heaven  in  its  good  provi providence  dence providence  has  seen  fit  to  adorn  the  person.  hair  has  met  with  little  consideration  from  the  scientific  world,  and  few  works  have  been  written  on  the  subject,  whilst  the  most  trivial  things  have  furnished  matenats  tor  elaborate  treatises  and  learned  discussions  '  •  it  cannot,  therefore,  be  deemed  out  of  place,  that  one  of  the  most  prominent  characteristics  of  the  human  countenance  should  be  investigated  and  popularized,  so  as  to  render  its  properties  and  purposes  better  understood  by  the  many  thousands  to  whom  a  fine  head  of  hair  is  justly  an  object  of  solicitude.  Having  for  more  than  half  a  century  devoted  myself  specially  to  the  consideration  of  the  various  peculiari peculiarities  ties peculiarities  of  the  hair,  and  the  best  means  of  improving  it;  I  trust  I  shall  be  able  to  offer  much  useful  information  and  advice  to  the  notice  of  the  reader,  and  present  at  the  same  time,  a  popular,  interesting,  and  readable  There  can  be  no  doubt  but  that  the  human  hair  is  a  very  fit  subject  for  investigation—and  that  a  popular,  interesting,  and  readable  there thereupon,  upon, thereupon,  which  the  author  here  assuredly  gives  to  the  public,  is  greatly  to  be  desired.  It  is  a  subject  upon  which  the  generality  of  people  know  little,  but  require  to  know  much.  However,  all  essential  information  is  here  succintly  conveyed,  and  in  a  telling  manner,  which  instructs  whilst  it  amuses.  Our  author  devotes  one  chapter  in  vindication  of  the  beard  and  hirsute  adornment,  or  what  is  vulgarly  called  the  moustache  admi admirably  rably admirably  characterised  by  Madame  Pultzky  as  a  manly  We  own,  like  other  literary  aspirants,  to  having  a  penchant  for  such  an  adorn adornment—pray  ment—pray adornment—pray  excuse  us,  reader,  if  your  better  judg judgment  ment judgment  leads  you  to  think  otherwise.  However,  hear  what  Mr.  Rowland  says  on  the  matter  :  may  be  safely  argued,  as  a  general  physiological  prin principle,  ciple, principle,  that  whatever  evinces  a  free  and  natural  development  of  any  part  of  the  body  is  by  necessity  beautiful.  Deprive  the  lion  of  his  mane,  the  cock  of  its  comb,  the  peacock  of  the  emerald  plumage  of  its  tail,  the  ram  and  deer  of  their  horns,  and  they  not  only  become  displeasing  to  the  eye,  but  lose  much  of  their  power  and  vigour.  And  it  is  easy  to  apply  this  reasoning  to  the  hairy  ornaments  of  a  man's  face.  The  caprice  of  fashion  alone  forces  the  Englishman  to  shave  off  those  appendages  which  give  to  the  male  countenance  that  true  masculine  character  indicative  of  energy,  bold  daring,  and  decision.  The  presence  or  absence  of  the  beard  as  an  addition  to  the  face,  is  the  most  marked  and  distinctive  peculiarity  between  the  countenance  of  the  two  sexes.  Who  can  hesitate  to  admire  the  noble  countenance  of  the  Osmanli  Turk  of  Constantinople,  with  his  un-Mongolian  length  of  beard  ?  Ask  any  of  the  fair  sex  whether  they  will  not  approve  and  admire  the  noble  countenance  of  Mehemet  Ali,  Major  Herbert  Edwards,  the  hero  of  the  Punjaub,  Sir  Charles  Napier,  and  others,  as  set  off  by  the  beard  ?—We  may  ask  with  Beatrice  'What  manner  of  man  is  he  ?  Is  his  head  worth  a  hat,  or  his  chin  worth  a  beard  ?  '  --1  -r  to,  most  eminent  physicians  and  merchants  encroaching  upon  their  former  narrow  boundaries,  while  it  is  well  known  that  not  a  few  of  our  divines  have  been  long  convinced  of  the  folly  of  disobeying  one  of  nature's  fixed  laws  ;  but  hitherto,  their  unwillingness  to  shock  the  prejudice  of  their  congre congregations,  gations, congregations,  have  prevented  them  from  giving  effect  to  their  Then,  as  to  the  beneficial  effects  of  wearing  the  same,  he  observes  :  g  , STYLE=superscript  But  the  beard  is  not  merely  for  ornament,  it  is  for  use.  Nature  never  does  anything  in  vain,  she  is  economical  and  wastes  nothing.  She  would  never  erect  a  bulwark  were  her  domain  unworthy  of  protection,  or  were  there  no  enemy  to  invade  it.  I  shall  proceed  to  show  that  the  beard  is  intended  as  a  bulwark,  and  designed  as  a  protection  for  the  health.  The  beard  has  a  tendency  to  prevent  diseases  of  the  lungs  by  guarding  their  portals.  The  moustache  particularly.  as  we  have  already  seen,  prevents  the  admission  of  particles  of  dust  into  the  lungs,  which  are  the  fruitful  cause  of  disease.  It  also  forms  a  respirator  more  efficient  than  the  cunning  hand  of  man  can  fabricate.  Man  fashions  his  respirator  of  wire,  curiously  wrought  ;  nature  makes  hers  of  hair  placed  where  it  belongs,  and  not  requiring  to  be  put  on  like  a  muzzle.  Diseases  of  the  head  and  throat  are  also  prevented  by  wearing  the  Let  us  not  forget,  in  conclusion,  to  state,  that  the  ladies  are  not  forgotten,  and  that  a  considerable  portion  of  the  work  is  exclusively  devoted  to  them  and  their  interests,  with  ample  directions  as  to  the  management  of  hair,  ringlets,  bands,  and  even  false  curls  !!  !  But  as  we  are  venturing  upon  for forbidden  bidden forbidden  ground,  we  shall  desist  directly,  as  with  such  arcana  we  have  no  business  to  be  acquainted.  BANKRUPTCY  COURT.-YESTERDAY,  (BEFORE  MR.  COMMISSIONER  PERRY.)  _  In  re  Parerelle.—The  bankrupt  in  this  case  was  a  hardware  dealer  in  Paradise  -street,  whose  premises  were  some  time  ago  burned  down.  He  came  before  the  court  on  his  adjourned  last  examination.  Mr.  Charles  Pemberton,  solicitor  to  the  bankrupt,  was  examined  at  considerable  length  relative  to  a  claim  for  £4Ol  made  by  Mr.  Louis  Pererelle  of  Birmingham,  who  is  uncle  to  the  bankrupt  against  the  estate.  Mr.  Pem Pemberton's  berton's Pemberton's  evidence  went  to  show  that  Mr.  Louis  Pererelle  was  not  included  in  the  original  list  of  creditors  supplied  to  him  by  the  bankrupt,  and  that  it  was  represented  at  the  meeting  of  the  bankrupt's  creditors  that  his  liabilities  were  only  about  £l,BOO,  whereas  they  subsequently  turned  out  to  be  £2,400.  The  bankrupt  was  also  examined  at  great  length,  relative  to  his  books  and  papers,  and  at  the  conclusion  of  his  examination  Mr.  Yates,  on  the  part  of  the  assignees,  applied  to  have  the  bankrupt's  examination  adjourned  sine  die.  Mr.  Pemberton  opposed  this  course  being  adopted,  and  after  some  conversation  it  was  agreed  that  the  examination  should  be  adjourned  for  a  fortnight.  A  Servant's  Home  has  been  opened  in  Birken Birkenhead,  head, Birkenhead,  under  the  direction  of  the  Rev.  A.  Knox,  and  other  clergymen  os  the  Established  Church.  BIRKENHEAD  EMIGRATION  DEPOT—Duringthe  past  week  two  vessels  have  been  dispatched  from  this  depot  with  gov government  ernment government  emigrants,  namely,  the  Utopia,  on  Thursday  last,  with  340  passengers  for  Portland  Bay,  South  Austrahn,  and  the  Boomarang,  on  Saturday  last,  with  about  400  for  Mel Melbourne.  bourne. Melbourne.  They  had  been  selected  chiefly  from  the  agricul agricultural  tural agricultural  districts  of  England.  NEW  PATENTS.—The  following  patents,  amongst  others,  sealed  during  the  week  ending  November  sth,  1853,  are  from  Messrs.  Hughes  and  Bloodworth's  List  :—Henry  Con Constantine  stantine Constantine  Jennings,  of  8,  Great  Tower-street,  London,  for  improvements  in  the  manufacture  of  soap.  Dated  2nd  May,  1853.—Edward  Walmsley,  of  Heaton  Norris,  in  the  county  of  Lancaster,  spinner,  for  improved  modes  of  pre preventing  venting preventing  accidents  arising  from  an  insufficient  supply  of  water  to  steam  boilers.  Dated  4th  May,  1853.—George  England,  of  Hatcham  Ironworks,  New  Cross,  in  the  county  of  Surrey,  engineer,  for  improvements  in  screw-jacks.  Dated  9th  May,  1853.—Richard  Edmondson,  o  f  Blackburn,  in  the  county  of  Lancaster,  manuf  ac  t  urer  ,  for  certain  improvements  in  the  manufacture  of  covered  corded  textile  fabrics,  and  in  ma machinery  chinery machinery  for  that  purpose,  being  applicable  either  to  hand  or  power.  Dated  11th  May,  1853.—Charles  Pooley,  of  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  in  the  county  of  Lancaster,  cottonspinner,  for  an  improved  mode  of  feeding  machines  for  opening,  cleaning,  blowing  and  scutching  cotton  and  other  fibrous  substances.  Dated  13th  May,  1853.—Thomas  Stephen  Holt,  of  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  in  the  county  of  Lancaster,  engineer,  for  improve improvements  ments improvements  in  steam  engines,  which  improvements  are  applicable  to  the  machinery  or  apparatus  connected  to  steam  boilers.  Dated  14th  May,  1853.—Samuel  Wright,  of  24,  Church Churchstreet,  street, Churchstreet,  Shoreditch,  in  the  county  of  Midlesex,  for  making  a  gas,  steam,  air  or  liquid  safety  tap.  Dated  19th  May,  1853.  _Charles  Cooper,  of  Kensington,  in  the  county  of  Middle Middlesex,  sex, Middlesex,  engineer,  for  improvements  in  steam  boilers.  Dated  20th  May,  1853.—William  Weatherly  and  William  Jordan,  of  Chatham,  in  the  county  of  Kent,  engineer,  for  improve improvements  ments improvements  in  the  stuffing-boxes  of  piston  Rods.  Dated  26th  May,  1853.  George  Heys,  of  Bolton,  in  the  county  of  Lancaster,  manufacturer,  for  improvements  in  looms.  Dated  19th  August,  1853."
