text
"1.  (  poratiOn  - STYLE=superscript  44e  empowdied  in  the  borough  ?  Breniner.  said  L.  Mr.  l3retherton  believed  that  , STYLE=superscript  they  did  so  under  a'l.„  -  which,  of  course  vlen  adopted,  was  as  binding  .as  ank  No  rule  Was  made  in  the  matter.  Sheen,:of  80,  Prescot-street,  N  Bremner,  who  asked  if  he  11  last  revision.  —Mr.  Sheen  yourobjection  frivoloui,*as  .every  man  of  it  did.  (laughter).  I  was  on  th  Mr.  Bremner.:—how  -do  you  Sheen  :—I  but  tho  court  ;pell  you  T  most  positive  that  you  swore  la,.  Sheahen.  I.  recollect  it.  because  we  •  maa,  evidence  at  - STYLE=superscript  the•timc.  Mr.  Sheen  :--I  am  cp.  that  I  did  not  swear  so,  bait  I  said  that  I  constantly  letters  directed  Sheahen.  My  name  has  been  over  ml  c  and  in  my  license  for  more  than  five  years,  and  it  is  in  b.  spelled  Sheen,  so  that  I  could  not  have  sworn  , STYLE=superscript  as  Mr.  premner  :—I  am  positive  'that  received  your  expenses  on  that  account.  _  disallowed,  and  Mr.  Sheen  was  ordered  his  exp..  Bremner  :--I  do  not  think  he  should  get'  his  expc  cause  he  certainly  swore  last  year  that  he  spelt  'I  Sheahen,  and  received  2s.  6d.  !  now  he  receiv,  year  that  you  you  did,  andh*  yo  dare  say  will  again  spell  his  name  differ,  and:  so  receive  Is.  6d  (laughter.)  :Mr.  'She(  highly  improper,  sir,  that  any  barrister  she  remarks  on  a  man  equally  as  respectable  a;  .Bremner  replied  that  he  he  - STYLE=superscript  thOuht  theni  called  fo:  of  not  havii  would  inaliosuch  r  larks  v  why  I  have  got  the  collector';  paid  my  assessed  taxes  !  in  my  pocket  (laughter)  government  collector  had  info!  the  oversc  regard  to  Mr.  Bailey,.but  too  late  to  have  that  . STYLE=superscript  gentlei  name'  inserted  'on  the  general  register.  Mr.  Bail  the  last  four  or  five  years  it  has  been  a  (  confusion  and  bungling  with  the  West  Derby.  They  have  made  in  a  cabbage  garden  (laughter).  The  claims  and  objections  for  .Toxteth  Parl  up  on  the  sitting  of  the  court  this  morning,  at  ten  o'c  as  many  blunders  as  a  SANITARY  ARRANGEMENTS  1  committees  of  the  Salford  Town  C  and  authorities  of  Pendleton,  •  meet  ,overy  afternooi  SA  LFO  —The  joint  purpose  of  hearing  reports  of  nuisances  from  the  insp  specially  to  make  enquiries  on  the  subject,  and  of  orders  thereon.  A  letter  was  vesterda'  committee,  from  the  Lieu  of  Fusilecrs,  at  prE  of  the.unhealthy  conditionof  t  married  soldiers  outside  the  ba  accompanied  by  the  requ  t  I.yin  in  nuisances  were  instructed  to  examine  the  upon  the  best  mous  of  removing  the  evil  piamm  comploanod  of  CIA  for  the  i  'eve  len"
