text
"THE  PEACE  MOVEMENT.  Advices  dated  Berlin,  the  23rd  inst  ,  state  that  great  confidence  is  felt  there  that  Prussia  will  be  admitted  to  participate  in  the  new  conferences.  Sardinia  was  formally  acquainted  with  the  Austrian  propositions,  and  will  of  course  be  summoned  to  the  negotiations.  It  is  believed,  seeing  how  many  of  the  Powers  must  be  engaged  in  them,  and  the  European  importance  of  what  relates  to  the  Prin Principalities  cipalities Principalities  and  the  Christian  subjects  of  the  Porte,  that  the  conferences  will  assume  the  shape  of  a  nearly  general  Congress.  Russia  will  probably  make  a  merit  of  conceding  the  Bomarsund  point,  provided  she  can  save  Nicolaieff.  It  is  said  to  be  positive  that  instructions  are  already  on  the  road  to  Marshal  Pelissier  and  General  Luders,  and  to  Omer  Pacha  and  Mouravieff,  to  suspend  hostilities.  The  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  propositions  has  been  published  officially  at  St.  Petersburg.  The  announcement  states  that  the  chief  condition  is  the  neutralisation  of  the  Black  Sea,  to  be  secured  by  a  treaty  between  Russia  and  Turkey  ;  Russia  is  ready  to  discuss  the  other  points.  Letters  from  Vienna  state  that  the  Esterhazy  propositions  are  interpreted  by  the  Russian  party  there  to  permit  the  maintenance  of  Nicolaieff,  and  also  of  the  Russian  forts  on  the  Circassian  coast,  as  well  as  the  re-erection  of  those  which  have  been  partially  destroyed.  The  Post  Gazette  of  Frankfort  says  :—lt  is  affirmed  in  diplomatic  circles  that  Russia  will  send  as  plenipotentiaries  to  the  Peace  Conferences  Count  Orloff  and  Baron  de  Brunow.  These  pleni plenipotentiaries  potentiaries plenipotentiaries  represent  the  German  and  Old  Russian  parties  of  Russia.  The  Conferences,itis  said,  will  take  place  at  Paris  or  Brussels.  •  The  Post  A  mpt  Gazettee  contains  a  letter  from  Berlin  of  the  20th,  which  says  :—The  Austrian  government  has  just  despatched  a  written  note  to  the  Courts  of  Paris  and  London,  announcing  officially  the  acceptance  by  Russia  of  the  Austrian  proposals,  and  inviting  them  to  come  to  an  under understanding  standing understanding  respecting  the  opening  of  the  Confer  ences.  It  leaves  to  them  the  choice  of  the  place-  The  departure  of  Colonel  Manteufiel  is  again  indefinitely  adjourned.  The  reports  from  St.  Petersburg  state  that  much  severe  weather  had  been  experienced  in  the  Crimea,  and  that  heavy  snows  had  fallen  in  the  vicinity  of  Simpheropol.  In  order  to  reduce  as  much  as  possible  the  amount  of  the  civil  list,  the  Emperor  had  given  orders  that  all  vacancies  oc occurring  curring occurring  in  the  Imperial  Court  appointments  should  for  the  future  not  be  filled  up  as  heretofore,  until  his  orders  were  made  known  on  the  subject.  This  ukase  proves  that  all  due  regard  is  now  paid  to  the  strictest  economy  in  the  State  expenses.  SUDDEN  DEATH.-Mr.  Robert  Mullen,  the  liberal  assessor  for  Dublin,  died  in  that  city  of  apoplexy  on  Mon Monday  day Monday  night.  The  unfortunate  gentleman's  death  was  instantaneous.  The  moment  before  he  appeared  in  excellent  health,  and,  dropping  suddenly  to  the  floor,  while  1  - STYLE=superscript  idding  a  friend  good  night,lhe  expired.  Benjamin  Gaskell,  Esq.,  who  was  for  many  years  one  of  the  representatives  in  parliament  of  the  borough  of  Maldon,  died  on.  Monday  at  Thorne's-house,  Wakefield,  in  the  75th  year  of  his  age.  The  deceased  gentleman  is  succeeded  in  his  property  and  estates  by  his  son,  Mr.  James  Milnes  Gaskell,  M.P.  for  Wenlock.  THE  MURDER  AT  BATH.—BATH,  JANUARY  23.—The  inquest  upon  the  body  of  Eliza  Howell,  the  woman  so  brutally  murdered  by  her  husband,  was  resumed  last  night  before  the  Coroner,  A.  H.  English,  Esq.  The  depositions  having  been  read  over,  the  prisoner  was  fully  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  next  Somerset  assizes  on  the  charge  of  wilful  murder.  Loss  OF  LIFE—PLYMOUTH,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING.—  A  waterman's  boat,  with  seventeen  persons  on  board,  bound  from  Mutton  Cove,  Devonport,  to  her  Majesty's  ship  Exmouth,  in  Plymouth  Sound,  accidentally  upset  on  the  and  Mr.  Bateman,  paymaster  of  the  Exmouth,  three  marine  artillerymen,  and  one  seaman,  were  drowned.  The  other  fourteen  were  picked  up  by  the  boat  of  her  Majesty's  ship  Sanspareil,  which  was  near  at  the  time  of  the  accident.  Mr.  Anderson,  the  surgeon,  and  Mr.  Warper,  the  assistant—surgeon,  of  the  Exmouth,  were  amongst  the  number  of  those  who  were  recovered.  The  boat  was  overloaded,  and  not  in  good  condition.  CHARGE  OF  ROBBERY  AT  THE  EXETER  POST  OFFICE.  —  Mr.  Edwin  Hyett,  a  clerk  in  the  Exeter  Post  Office,  was  charged  before  the  mayor  and  magistrates,  with  abstracting  money  from  a  letter,  while  in  course  of  transmission  through  the  Post-office.  The  prisoner  is  respectably  connected,  and  has  a  wife  and  three  children.  Some  years  ago  he  was  charged,  in  conjunction  with  his  brother,  with  robbery  at  the  Exeter  Post-office,  and,  although  they  were  acquitted,  Mr:  Edwin  Hyett,  the  prisoner,  was  suspended  from  his  situation  for  two  years.  In  the  meantime,  a  letter-carrier  named  Harrapp,  was  apprehended  on  several  charges  of  robbery  at  the  same  post-office,  and,  being  convicted  and  sentenced  to  tran transportation,  sportation, transportation,  he  confessed  to  having  committed  the  robbery  with  which  Hyetts  had  been  charged.  On  this  being  made  known  to  the  Post-office  authorities,  Mr.  Edwin  Hyett  was  restored  to  his  situation.  In  the  present  case  a  letter-sorter  swears  that  he  saw  Mr.  Hyett  open  a  letter  containing  money.  The  prisoner  was  committed  (on  bail)  for  trial.  INJURED  INNOCENCE.--CANDID  CONFESSION.--At  the  Middlesex  Sessions,  three  notorious  thieves  were  con convicted  victed convicted  of  stealing  a  gold  watch  from  the  person  of  a  gentleman  at  a  sparring  exhibition  at  Saville-house,  Leicester-square.  On  being  sentenced,  one  of  the  con convicts,  victs, convicts,  named  James,  addressed  the  newly  appointed  Assistant-Judge  (Mr.  Pashley,  Q.C.)  in  these  terms  :  I've  got  four  years'  penal  ;  that  I  don't  mind,  but  I've  got  it  wrong,  that's  all.  I'm  innocent  this  time,  anyhow.  I've  been  a  thief  all  my  life,  that's  right  enough,  and  am  a  thief  still  ;  the  policeman  knows  it,  and  he  took  us  wrong  when  this  robbery  was  done.  Why,  that  watch  was  stole  twenty  minutes  before  we  went  into  Saville-house,  as  I  know,  so  we  didn't  do  it.  I'd  steal  a  dozen  watches,  two  if  you  like,  if  I'd  half  a  chance;  but,  take  my  word,  I  didn't  have  The  prisoner,  after  this  candid  avowal,  retired  from  the  bar,  the  per personification  sonification personification  of  injured  innocence.  RAILWAY  REFORM  MEETING.—A  meeting  of  railway  proprietors  was  held  on  Tuesday  afternoon,  at  the  London  Tavern,  for  the  purpose  of  considering,  and,  if  possible,  devising  the  best  means  of  securing  an  efficient  reform  in  the  management  of  railway  property  - STYLE=superscript  .  Mr.  William  Malins,  chairman  of  the  Metropolitan  Junction  Company,  occupied  the  chair.  Mr.  Mitchell  proposed  the  first  reso resolution,  lution, resolution,  which  was  in  the  following  terms  That  a  society  be  now  formed,  to  be  called  the  Railway  Proprie Proprietors'  tors' Proprietors'  Association  •  that  its  object  be  the  protection  of  railway  property,  and  its  restoration  to  a  fair  and  legiti legitimate  mate legitimate  value,  containing,  among  other  principles,  the  following:—Restricting,  and,  in  all  practicable  cases,  closing  capital  accounts  ;  the  suppression  of  unremunera unremunerative  tive unremunerative  tariffs  by  territorial  arrangements  ;  and  entertaining  all  questions  conductive  to  the  benefit  of  railway  property  in  the  shape  of  economical  working  or  ihe  resolution  was  carried,  as  was  also  another,  appointing  the  government  of  the  association  to  be  in  a  president,  and  a  council  of  twelve  gentlemen  who  were  nominated.  and  the  meeting,  after  a  vote  of  .thanks  to  the  chairman  separated.  FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING  As  rather  a  gloomy  view  of  matters  was  taken  yesterday,  you  will  not  be  surprised  to  learn  that  a  more  cheerful  one  has  been  adopted  to-day,—for  it  rarely  happens  that  these  good  Parisians  are  two  days  running  of  the  same  opinion.  In  the  shape  of  positive  news  throwing  new  light  on  the  great  matter  which  now  occupies  Europe,  we  have'  however,  none.  What  little  we  have  is  in  fact  rather  unfavourable  than  otherwise  ;—it  being  to  the  effect  that  in  announcing  in  the  Journal  of  St.  Petersburg,  its  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  condi conditions,  tions, conditions,  the  Russian  government  expresses  the  hope  that  Europe  will  be  grateful  for  her  moderation  —a  mode  of  speaking  not  displaying  much  humility.  But  it  has  been  generally  reported  to-day  that  things  are  going  on  as  pleasantly  as  even  a  railway  director  could  wish;  that  England,  France,  and  Austria,  all  believe  in  peace.;  that  the  best  under understanding  standing understanding  in  the  world  exists  between  France  and  England,  notwithstanding  the  marked  divergence  of  views  in  the  newspapers  of  the  two  countries  and  that  both  of  them  have  consented,  or  will  consent,  to  an  armistice,  for,  probably,  three  months.  It  is  anin  said,  to-day,  that  this  city  will  probably  be  chosen  for  the  approaching  conferences.  The  confirmation  by  the  Morning  Post,  'of  the  fact  of  Russia  having  ordered  a  suspension  of  hostilities  in  the  Crimea—a  fact  of  which  you  were  informed  some  days  back—combined  with  the  favourable  view  taken  of  la  situation,  caused  a  rather  large  rise  on  the  Bourse  to-day  ;  that  of  the  Threes  has  been  not  less  than  75  cents.  It  has  been  reported  that  the  Emperor  Alexander  has  written  to  Louis  Napoleon,  expressing  his  desire  for  peace  ;  but  I  do  not  believe  it.  The  Journal  des  Debats  has  an  interesting  article  on  the  recent  negociations  with  Russia—the  details  of  which  have  evidently  been  derived  from  diplo diplomatic  matic diplomatic  sources.  According  to  it,  M.  Seebach,  the  Saxon  Minister,  on  his  late  visit  to  St.  Petersburg,  was  most  earnest  in  his  exhortations  to  the  Emperor  Alexander,  to  treat  for  peace.  The  King  of  Prussia  sent  Colonel  Manteuffel  to  Vienna,  to  ascertain  exactly  what  was  passing,  and  learned  to  his  dismay,  that  Austria  had  entered  into  engage engagements  ments engagements  with  the  Western  Powers,  not  only  to  recall  her  minister  from  St.  Petersburg  (in  the  event  of  her  conditions  not  being  accepted  purely  and  simply),  but  to  sign  a  military  convention  with  the'Allies  to  take  arms  against  Russia  in  the  spring.  She  learned  also  that  the  Allies,  in  th  e  event  of  being  forced  to  continue  the  war,  intended  to  abandon  the  system  of  disinterestedness  they  adopted  at  the  beginning  of  it,  and  to  wrest  terri.  tory  from  Russia.  She  learned,  moreover,  that  the  re-establishment  of  Poland,  as  a  separate  nation,  formed  part  of  their  plans,  and  that  they  intended  to  give  back  to  Poland  the  Austrian  and  Prussian  parts  of  it—giving  Austria  in  exchange  the  Walla Wallachian  chian Wallachian  and  Moldavian  provinces,  and  Prussia  naturally  nothing.  On  learning  all  this,  the  poor  King  of  Prussia  wrote  off  at  once  to  communicate  it  both  to  the  Emperor  Alexander  and  the  Grand  Duke  Constantine,  and  he  earnestly  entreated  them  to  make  peace  on  the  Austrian  terms,  in  order  to  escape  the  disasters  with  which  their  country  was  threatened  ;  he,  at  the  same  time,  declared  that  if  they  persisted  in  continuing  the  war,  he  must  turn  against  them,  as  he  coald  not  can  the  risk  of  having  Prussia  dismembered.  These  letters  and  the  startling  revelations  they  contained,  naturally  made  a  profound  impression  on  the  Czar  Alexander,  and  even  on  his  fiery  brother  Constantine  ;  and  combined  with  the  representa representations  tions representations  of  M.  de  Seebach  and  the  counsels  of  Count  de  Nesselrode,  caused  them  to  consent  to  accept  the  Austrian  conditions.  Such  is  the  substance  of  the  statement  of  the  Debats,  which  extends  to  three  columns  ;  and  I  have  no  doubt  whatsoever  that  it  is  strictly  correct.  You  will  observe  that  in  some  parts  it  confirms  the  news  I  have  already  been  able  to  send  you  ;  and  that  the  parts  that  are  new  are  pretty  nearly  what  was  guessed  at.  A  Vienna  letter  says  that  in  return  for  the  small  concession  of  territory  demanded  from  Russian  on  the  Danube,  Russia  will  require  a  cession  of  territory  in  Asia  from  the  Turks.  The  telegraph  informs  us  that  Count  Nesselrode  has  sent  out  a  circular  to  his  agents  explaining  his  reasons  for  accepting  the  Austrian  conditions.  This  document  is  waited  for  with  the  greatest  interest.  P.S.—Although  it  has  been  supposed  that  England  and  France  differ  as  to  the  engagements  to  be  required  from  Russia  with  respect  to  the  non-reconstruction  of  the  Bomarsund  fortification,  I  am  assured  that  on  that  point,  as  on  all  others,  they  are  in  perfect  concord.  THE  NEGOCIATIONS  LONDON,  2  P.M.,  Thursday.  The  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Times  regards  with  suspicion  an  article  in  the  Journal  de  St.  Petersburg,  which  speaks  of  the  gratitude  of  Europe  for  the  modera moderation  tion moderation  exhibited  by  Russia;  and  also  the  new  circular  of  Count  Nesselrode,  which  creates  an  impression  that  Russia  is  not  so  sincere,  or  indisposed  to  treachery,  as  was  believed  to  be  the  case  a  few  days  ago.  The  Times  cor correspondent  respondent correspondent  asserts,  that  Russia  accepts  peace  simply  because  she  cannot  carry  on  the  war;  and  because  she  hopes,  with  the  help  of  Prussia,  to  make  the  best  bar bargain  gain bargain  she  can  under  the  circumstances  ;  and  he  warns  the  Allies  not  to  listen  to  arguments  on  the  cruelty  of  humiliating  Russia,  as  no  weakness  has  ev  e  r  di  sarme  d  her  wrath—no  helplessness  her  brute  force.  The  Vienna  letter  of  the  Times  correspondent  shows  that  it  is  extremely  improbable  an  armistice  will  be  proclaimed  until  the  preliminaries  of  peace  have  been  signed.  The  Hamburg  journals  of  Tuesday  last  mention  the  arrival  of  as  many  as  300  vessels  in  Russian  harbours,  laden  with  salt  and  other  necessaries,  from  the  various  German  and  Swedish  ports.  The  price  in  salt  had  fallen  considerably  at  Revel  and  Riga.  Severe  frost  had  again  set  in,  and  the  trade  would  be  stopped  in  consequence.  PRUSSIA  BERLIN,  WEDNESDAY.  Count  Nesselrode  has  just  issued  a  circular  note,  in  which  he  states  Russia  has  made  concessions  merely  to  concede  to  the  desires  of  the  powers  who  are  friendly  to  Russia,  and  not  because  the  interests  of  that  country  require  the  cessation  or  suspension  of  hostilities.  The  hopes  of  peace  are  considerably  diminishing  in  Berlin."
