text
"barked.  The  TowN  CLERK  remarked  that  the  gentlemen  at  Bir-  kenhead  had  commenced  a  speculation  with  a  full  knowledge  of  what  they  would  have  to  pay.  They  entered  into  the  speculation  with  certain  liabilities,  and  having  entered  into  them  they  were  now  anxious  to  remove  a  part  of  the  respon-  sibility  from  their  own  shoulders  afterwards.  Mr:  LAMONT  said  that  in  the  case  of  a  vessel  loading  in  the  docks  for  Aberdeen,  the  goods  sent  by  that  vessel  paid  town  dues,  and  goods  sent  by  railway  paid  no  dues.  Mr.  BLACKBURN  said  the  dues  existed  only  over  sea sea.oods.  .oods. sea.oods.  There  was  no  town  dues  on  goods  sent  by  The  TOWN  CLERK  :  We  used  to  have  one  :  but  not  now.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Are  maximum  rates  levied  ?  The  Tower  CLERK  :  Not  in  all  cases..  Certain  composi compositions  tions compositions  on  certain  goods.  [The  Town  Clerk  here  handed  in  the  various  resolutions  of  the  committee  managing  those  compositions.]  The  Chairman  :  Is  there  any  drawback  on  goods  to  export  The  Towx  CLERK  :  No,  except  dues  were  paid  inwards.  and  if  they  were  exported  by  the  same  owners,  and  continued  the  same  property,  they  did  not  pay  outward.  Mr.  LAMBERT  :  Said  that  on  any  hides  going  to  London  or  other  places,  the  town.dues  amounted  to  3s.  4d.  per  ton.  This  charge  prevents  steamers  altogether  competing  with  the  railway.  The  TOitilst  CLERK  said:the  council  would  be  exceedingly  glad  if  they  had  power  to  make  modifications  from  time  to  time,  subject  to  the  approval  of  the  Lords  of  the  Treasury  ;  but  at  present  no  charge  could  be  made  without  the  consent  of  the  majority  in  number  and  amount  of  the  present  credi creditors,  tors, creditors,  who  were  spread  all  over  the  kingdom,  and  the  very  moving  of  the  question  might  cause  alarm.  The  largest  bond  they  had  was  for  £25,000,  but  a  great  majority  of  them  varied  from  £lOO  to  £5OO.  They  had  no  outstanding outstandingdebt  debt outstandingdebt  to  the  Exchange  Corn  Commissioners,  because  they  could  borrow  money  from  private  individuals,  at  a  lower  rate.  Goods  shipped,  or  put  into  lighters,  were  not  charged.  the  town  dues  again,  as  they  were  not  expected.  Town.  duties  were  not  charged  on  goods  going  by  canal  ;  but  in.  going  to  Glasgow  they  would  be  charged.  Mr.  LAMONT  :  But  not  if  sent  by  rail  ?  The  TowN  CLERK  :  No.  A  conversation  then  ensued  as  to  the  mode  in  which  duties  were  levied  on  goods,  &amp;c,  by  the  dock  committee  and  also  as  to  whether  some  general  principlec  could  not  be  adopted  applicable  to  all  shipping  ports.  During  the  con conversation  versation conversation  it  was  stated  the  Albert  Dock  was  the  cheapest  dock  in  the  kingdom,  where  labour  was  supplied,  the  ratio  being  as  10s.  per  ton  on  the  article  of  rice  in  the  Albert  and  ss.  bier  ton  ;in  the  London  Docks.  ;he  proceedings  terminated  shortly  after  one  o'clock  In  the  course  of  a  few  days  a  Privy  Council  will  held  by  her  Majesty,  for  the  purpose  of  settling  the  period  the  further  prorogation  of  Parliament,  which  at  present  ands  for  the  27th  of  the  present  month.  It  appears,  from  a  return  lately  issued,  that  on  Le  18th  of  April  there  were  in  gaols,  houses  of  correction,  e,  in  England,  20,143  prisoners.  PROPOSED  ASYLUM  FOR  IDIOTS.—It  was  announced  by  advertisement  and  circular,  that  a  public  meeting  would  be  held  yesterday,  at  twelve  o'clock,  in  the  Town  Hall,  Manchester,  the  purpose  of  considering  the  propriety  of  establishinc  , STYLE=superscript  in  this  part  of  the.  kingdom  an  asylum  for  the  care  and  establishing  of  It  was  announced  that  the  Right  Rev.  the  Bishop  of  Manchester,  would  preside  on  the  occasion.  We  have  the  best  authority  for  stating  that  the  Right  Rev.  Prelate  recommended  that  the  meeting  should  not  be  held  at  present,  -  being  under  the  impression  that  sufficient  interest  is  not  yet  felt  in  the  question  to  war warrant  rant warrant  such  a  proceeding.  The  anticipations  of  the  Right  Rev.  Prelate  turned  out  to  be  correct,  for  only  four  or  five  gentlemen  came  to  the  place  of  meeting,  which  was  con consequently  sequently consequently  dissolved  without  any  business  being  transacted.  Mr.  Southam,  the  honorary  secretary  of  the  movement,  pxhibited  specimens  of  writing  and  knitting  performed  by  inmates  of  the  bath  Institution  for  idiots.  TT-ir  MUNICIPAL  ELECTIONS  IN  MANCHESTER  AND  SALFORD.—The  ensuing  nioon  , STYLE=superscript  ipcit  --h;  P  h  ta  k  e  p  l  ace  on  the  first  of  November  next,  excite  considerable  interest  in  several  of  the  wards  of  both  Manchester  and  Salford,  in  which  severe  contests  are  expected.  The  following  hints  for  the  guidance  of  electors  have  been  issued  by  the  moderate  Liberal  party  .—l.  Avoid  pledges,  and  vote  for  no  candidate  who  does  not  reside,  or  carry  on  business  in  the  ward,  unless  no  other  person  can  be  procured.  2.  With°ld  your  votes  from  any  candidate,  whose  supporters  have  recourse  to  the  disreputable  and  illegal  practice  of  laying  wagers,  in  order  to  defeat  the  election  of  a  competitor.  3.  Give  no  countenance  to  any  can candidate  didate candidate  whose  private  character  is  known  to  be  immoral.  4.  Credit  no  written,  printed,  or  verbal  statements  intended  to  da damage  mage damage  an  opposing  candidate,  unless  they  are  confirmed  by  one  or  more  respectable  citizens  whose  veracity  is  unquestionable.  5.  On  no  account  vote  for  any  candidate  whose  agents  or  sup supporters  porters supporters  adopt  the  coercive  or  intimidating  system  of  canvassing,  now  so  prevalent,  6.  Specially  abstain  from  voting  for  any  candidate  whose  conduct  in  the  council  is  likely  to  be  influenced  by  pecuniary  motives,  or  by  political  and  party  considerations.  7.  Vote  for  no  candidate  who  will  not  openly  give  a  reasonable  assurance,  that  he  will  use  every  le legitimate  gitimate legitimate  means  in  his  power  to  promote  the  good  and  economical  government  of  the  city,  to  secure  the  moral  and  intellectual  culture  of  the  people,  and  to  advance  the  temporal  prosperity  all  classes  of  society.  GREAT  MEETING  AT  FINSBURY  ON  THE  TURKISH  —On  Tuesday  evening  a  densely  crowded  public  TSTION  -eeting  of  the  inhabitants  of  Finsbury  - STYLE=superscript  took  place  at  the  Music-hall,  Store-street,  Bedford-square,  for  the  purpose  of  calling  upon  Her  Majesty's  Government  to  aid  the  Turks  in  compelling  the  Russians  to  evacuate  the  Danubian  Prin Principalities.  cipalities. Principalities.  Mr.  T.  S.  Duncombe,  M.  P.,  presided,  and  in  an  eloquent  speech  warmly  espoused  the  cause  of  Turkey,  and  denounced  the  conduct  of  Russia.  Mr.  Shaen  then  proposed  and  Dr.  Epps  seconded  the  following  resolution,  which  was  carried  unanimously  That  the  invasion  of  the  Turkish.  empire  by  Russia  is  not  only  a  wanton  and  unprovoked  outrage,  but  a  violation  of  international  law,  and  we  therefore  call  on  the  Government  to  assist  the  Turks  in  compelling  the  Russian  army  immediately  to  evacuate  the  Danubian  In  the  course  of  his  observations,  Mr.  Shaen  said  that  the  speech  of  Mr.  Cobden  at  Edinburgh  was  enforced  by  five  argu arguments.  ments. arguments.  The  first  and  second  were  beside  the  question,  and.  were  what  was  popularly  known  as  tubs  thrown  to  the  whale  the  third  was  the  argument  of  a  coward  ;  the  fourth,  the  argument  of  a  hypocrite  ;  and  the  fifth,  the  ar argument  gument argument  of  a  demon.  The  next  resolution,  which  was  also  carried  unanimously,  was  as  follows  That  the  constant  and  systematic  encroachments  of  Russia  upon  all  her  neigh neighbours,  bours, neighbours,  manifest  a  design  to  extinguish  both  national  inde independence  pendence independence  and  popular  Qovernment,  are  fraught  with  danger  not  only  to  the  peace  of  Europe,.but  to  the  liberties  of  this  country,  and  demand  both  excessive  vigilance  and  active  re 'resistance.'  The  third  and  last  resolution  was  That  the  system  of  secret  diplomacy  is  calculated  to  mislead  the  people  of  this  country,  and  has  enabled  the  British  Cabinet  to  assist  continental  despotism,  while  professing  a  zeal  for  constitutional  The  proceedings  terminated  with  the  usual  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman.  ...-  ENGLISH  PATENTS.  -  The  following  Patents  amongst  others  were  sealed  during  the  week  ending  October  15th,  1853  :—John  Chadwick,  of  Manchester,  Silk  Manu Manufacturer  facturer Manufacturer  and  Thomas  Dickins,  of  the  Spring  Vale  Wo  rks, STYLE=superscript  near  Middleton,  Silk  Dyer,  for  improvements  in  the  pro production  duction production  of  raw  and  thrown  Silk.  Dated  14th  April,  1853.  —  George  Albemarle  Cater,  of  Selby,  Gentleman.  for  improve improvements  ments improvements  in  Machinery  for  preparing  flax,  hemp,  and  other  vegetable  fibrous  substances  for  scutching  or  other  manufac manufacturing  turing manufacturing  processes.  Dated  16th  April,  IBs3.—William  E  Newton,  of  London,  Engineer,  for  improvements  in  treating  refuse  silk  waste,  and  in  converting  it  into  a  valuable  pro product  duct product  ;  A  communication  from  abroad.  Dated  15th  April,  1853.  -  William  11fac  Naughton,  of  Aberdeen,  Manufacturer,  for  improvements  in  printing  Yarns  or  Worsteds  for  weaving  Carpets,  also  in  printing  Carpets,  Woollen  Silk  Cotton,  and  other  textile  fabrics  or  fibrous  substances.  Dated  18th  April,  1853.  Thomas  Newey,  of  Birmingham,  Tool  Maker,  for  improvements  in  fastenings  for  articles  of  Dress.  Dated  19th  of  April,  1853.  Thomas  Dunn,  of  Windsor  Bridge  Iron-works,  Pendleton,  near  Manchester,  Engineer,  for  improvements  in,  and  applicable  to  boilers  or  apparatus  for  generatino.  Steam,  and  in  apparatus  connected  therewith.  Dated  21seApril,  1853.  —Jerome  Andre  Drieu,  of  Bowdon,  Machinist,  for  improve improvements  ments improvements  for  cutting'  the  pile  of  velvet,  velveteens,  and  other  piled  fabrics.  Dated  22nd  April,  1853.—William  Johnson,  of  Farnworth,  near  Bolton-le-Moors,  Manager,  for  im improvements  provements improvements  in  machinery,  for  preparing  and  spinning  cotton  and  other  fibrous  substances.  Dated  ' STYLE=superscript  27th  April,  1853.  —  Colin  Mather,  of  Salford,  for  improvements  in  apyaratus  used  in  bleaching.  Dated  29th  April,  1853.—Thomas  Wood,  Cotton-spinner,  and  George  Wade,  Machinist,  both  of  Sowerby-bridge,  for  improvements  in  machinery  or  ap.  paratus,  for  opening,  cleaning,  carding,  or  otherwise  pre preparing  paring preparing  Cotton,  or  other  fibrous  materials  to  be  spun.  Dated  18th  July,  1853.—Peter  Fairbairn,  of  Leeds,  Machinist,  for  improvements  in  Leckling  Machines.  Dated  18th  August,  1853.—Henry  Blake,  of  Brighton,  Railway  Carriage  Build.  er,  for  improvements  in  Railway  Brakes,  Dated  12th  1853."
