text
"Q.  34  mode  in  95.  Will  you  give  the  Committee  your  ideas  of  the  which  prisoners  should  be  treated.  ?  A.  Treated  !  I'd  treat  'em,  bless  'em.  Shady  side  of  a  deuced  good  bamboo's  the  place  for  them.  Confound  them!  Why,  if  a  fellow's  sent  to  jail,  stands  to  reason  he's  a  scoundrel,  and  if  he's  a  scoundrel  treat  him  as  such.  It's  an  insult  to  an  honest  man  to  leave  a  rogue  with  a  whole  bone  in  his  skin.  My  way's  short.  Thrash  a  rascal  when whenever  ever whenever  you  happen  to  be  near  him,  and  have  a  stick  handy,  which  I  take  care  generally  to  have  ;  but  a  poker  will  do,  or  a  crowbar,  if  you're  in  a  hurry.  The  object  of  punish punishment  ment punishment  is  to  prevent  the  offence  being  repeated,  and  dash  my  buttons  but  a  fellow  will  think  twice  before  he  commits  an  offence  that  gets  him  under  my  hands  a  second  time.  Boys!  Why  boys  are  worse  than  men.  A  man  steals,  perhaps  to  feed  his  family  ;  but  what  does  a  blessed  boy  steal  for  ?  To  buy  tarts  and  gin,  and  go  to  the  penny  theatre.  I  take  it  out  of  'em,  though.  First  I  thrash  'em  till  there  is'nt  a  bit  of  their  system  that  can  be  called  strictly  comfortable.  Next,  I  starve  'em  till  they're  as  weak  as  rats.  Then  I  give  'em  work  to  do  which  they  could  hardly  do  if  they  were  in  the  strongest  health,  and  if  they  drop  down  at  it  I  lick  'em  till  they  get  up  again,  and  I  refresh  their  minds  with  pails  of  cold  water  into  the  bargain.  That's  the  right  system.  Ever  kill  them  ?  Well,  not  often.  Sometimes  they  die  out  of  spite,  for  these  boys  are  very  malicious  and  revengeful,  and  will  do  anything  to  get  an  officer  into  trouble  ;  but  I  find  the  magistrates  baffle  their  malignity  by  taking  no  no notice,  tice, notice,  and  all  goes  on  well.  As  for  insubordination,  by  Jove,  they  don't  often  try  it  with  me,  but  an  iron  collar,  and  a  chain  to  hold  it  to  the  wall,  a  taste  of  the  cat  o'  nine  tails  after  Morning  and  Evening  Service,  a  sound  kick  whenever  a  jailor  happens  to  pass,  and  food  placed  before  the  rascal,  but  just  out  of  his  reach,  for  a  few  days,  do  wonders  496.  If  a  prisoner  were  very  rebellious,  would  you  Witness  (in  a  dreadful  rage).  Whip  him,  Sir!  No,  Sir!  'Whipping's  too  good  for  him,  Sir  !  I'd—l'd—l'd— I'd—l'd—l'dskin  skin I'd—l'd—l'dskin  him  alive,  Sir—that's  what  I'd  do  with  him,  Sir.  [The  witness,  in  his  excitement,  knocked  over  the  short shorthand  hand shorthand  writer  with  a  violent  back-kinder,  and  rushed  out.  —Punch.  LANDORE  POWDER  MAGAZIN7/1.--The  dangerous  I  state  of  the  powder  magazine  at  Landore,  near  as  often  aroused  pnblic  attention  ;  and  at  length  it  roved  from  its  present  place  to  a  more  suitable  spot.  Phis  magazine,  which  has  contained  a  store  of  six  tons  of  gun gunpowder,  powder, gunpowder,  has  been  allowed  to  stand  within  a  few  yards  of  the  South  Wales  Railway,  and  was  nightly  passdd  by  workmen  with  lights  and  combustibles.  It  was  also  in  immediate  prox proximity  imity proximity  to  dwelling-houses  and  manufactories.  The  new  maga magazine  zine magazine  has  been  erected  on  Crumlin  Burrows,  and  is  now  ready  for  occupation.  A  committee  of  the  Swansea  Town-council  was  appointed  to  effect  the  removal.  Swansea,  PEACE  CONFERENCE  IN  EDINBURGH.—The  prepara preparations  tions preparations  for  this  important  conference  are  proceeding  most  satis satisfactorily.  factorily. satisfactorily.  Mr.  Cobden,  Mr.  Miall,  M.P.,  Mr.  Bright,  M.P..  Mr.  George  'Wilson,  of  Manchester,  and  other  eminent  and  in influental  fluental influental  persons  have  signified  their  intention  of  being  present.  A  large  number  of  friends  of  peace  from  the  south  of  England,  and  a  still  larger  number  from  the  north,  are  making  their  ar arrangements  rangements arrangements  with  a  view  to  attend.  Public  bodies  in  Scotland  have  commenced  the  appointment  of  their  representatives,  and  so  numerous  is  the  attendance  likely  to  prove  that  it  has  be ben  n ben  object  of  official  anxiety  to  procure  places  sufficiently  re  to  accommodate  the  sittings  of  the  conference.  NORTHERN  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  simultaneously,  and  the  following  a  TERMS  OF  S  IN  LIVERPOOL  Term  for  'ln  advancelOn  Credit  DAILY  TIMES  LIVE!IPOOL  and  MANciumniz  we  the  rates  and  JBSCRIPTION  £3  0  ol  , STYLE=superscript  i  0  0  OUT  OF  LIVERPOOL  In  advance  e  3  10  0  On  Credit,  4'4  10  0  Half  year  .  .  I£l  11  61.E2  2  0  R  1  18  0  Quarter  ..  .e  0  19  6I  '1  5  0  £0  19  6  £1  5  0  Single  Papers  3d,  I  Single  Papers  3d,  Subscribers  who  do  not  pay  their  Subscriptions  within  twenty-one  days  after  they  become  due,  will  be  charged,  when  payment  is  made,  credit  price  for  all  papers  that  may  hare  been  supplied  up  to  the  period  of  payment"
