text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS  A  CONSTANT  READER.—The  matters  to  which  you  refer  are  the  result  of  an  organized  opposition  to  our  paper.  A  little  time  will  enable  us  to  overcome  the  difficulty,  and  remove  the  ground  of  complaint.  No  notice  can  be  taken  of  anonymous  communications  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  ,  0  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CIIARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  kirtlitra  TUESDAY,  OCTOBER  18,  1853  AFTER  all  the  hopes  entertained  to  the  contrary  War  seems  not  only  inevitable  but  imminent  The  Manifesto  of  the  PORTE  (which  we  give  in.  extenso  in  another  column)  has  just  reached  St  Petersburgh.  •It  is  said  that  the  CZAR  upon  receiving  the  same,  declared STYLE=superscript  that  he  withdrew  all  his  fonher  concession  and  observed,  that  nothing  now  remained  but  war  to  the  guerre  a  toutrance.):  A  pyiYate  t91.tZ14034C  mes  sage  from  Marseilles  announces  the  arrival  of  the  sailed  from-  Constantinople  steamer  which  Besika  Bay,  preparing  to  enter  the  Dardanelles  armahient  of  several  frigates  arrived  in  Paris  Cabinets  places  of  others  .  now  serving  in  the  Mediterranean  Thee  PORTE  has  addressed  a  Manifesto  to  the  Foqr  Powers  ing  to  the  interpretation  put  upon,  .it  by  the  Ma Mahomedan  homedan Mahomedan  priesthood,  signifies,  that  during  the  year  1270,  a  terrible  ,war  Will  Occur,  in  which,  however,  the  Turks  Will  be  victorious.  On  the  9th  instant  began  the  first  day  of  this  eventful  INTali6inedan  Conflicting  rumours  still  largely  prevail  as  to  the  issue  of  the  Eastern  Some  affirming  that  a  pacific  solution  is  absolutely  impossible  Others  again,  that  actual  hotilities  will  not  be  entered  upon.  There  can  be  no  doubt  but,  that  during  the  short  time  allowed  by  the  PORTE  for  the  evacuation  of  the  Principalities,  much  might,  and  will,  be  done  by  the  Western  Powers  to  effect  a  peaceful  settlement  of  the  Russio-Turkish  difficulty,  even  at  the  eleventh  hour.  Their  decision  we  await  with  considerable  anxiety  AMONG  the  reforms  to  be  introduced  to  the  next  Session  of  Parliament,  is  a  Decimal  Coinage.  The  measure  has  been  thoroughly  investigated  by  a  select  committee  of  the  House  of  Commons,  and  favourably  reported  upon.  That  committee  bor  rowed  light  from  some  of  the  most  experienced  practical  men,  and  the  best  financial  scholars  in  the  kingdom;  among  whom  was  the  learned  Dr.  BOWRING,  fresh  from  the  heart  of  the  Chinese  Empire  Strange,  indeed,  that  England,  justly  boasting  of  so  many  improvements  in  the  material  and  intellec intellectual  tual intellectual  world,  should  have  been  so  slow  in  adopting  this  common  sense  measure,  when  most  of  the  countries  on  the  Continent,  the  United  States  of  America,  and  400;000,000  people  of  the'  Eastern  world  had  a  long  time  ago  adopted  it.  Such  a  thing  as  heading  the  Journal,  the  Cash-book,  or  Leger,  in  most  of  those  countries,  with  X.  s.  d.,  has  been  unknown  for  half  a  century  ;  and  the  greates  imaginable  convenience  has  been  experienced  b;  the  Decimal  Coinage.  In  the  United  States  till  coins  of  their  mint  originally  were  Cents,  Dimes  and  Eagles,  progressing  upwards  in  Nalue„  deci  mally,  from  the  lowest  to  the  highest  denomination  For  convenience  Ofehange,  these  coins  have  becii  halved  and  quartered  ;  though  all  •accounts  and  financial  calculations  are  done  in  the  decimals  above  specified  Critical  book-keeping,  where  the  accounts  are  multiform  and  domplicated,  is  at  best,  a  nice  opera operation  tion operation  ;  but  those  unaccustomed  to  keep  books  and  do  business  in  this  way,  can  scarcely  conceive  the  convenience  thereof,  both,  in  the  ease  of  reckon reckoning,  ing, reckoning,  and  the  saving  of  time.  Some  short-sighted  people  have  expressed  fears,  that  great  difficulties  will  arise  in  the  matter  of  tolls,  as  fixed  by  law,  and  in  the  post-office  stamps,  should  the  change  go  into  operation.  We  fear  nothing  of  the  kind.  The  same  Act  of  Parliament  which  establishes  the  pecimal  Coinage;  can  regu regulate  late regulate  all  these  matters.  Say,  that  the  Turnpike  Company  are  entitled  to  one  penny  toll  for  . STYLE=superscript  horse  and  rider,  let  it  be  fixed  by  law,  that  the  toll tollgatherers  gatherers tollgatherers  receive  five  mils  thereof.  :during  the  first  three  quarters  of  the  year,  and  but  four  mils  for  the  last  quarter  ;  and  so  on  year  after  year.  This  would  in  the  end  be  precisely  the  average  penny  as  - STYLE=superscript  now  received  In  regard  to  postage,  should  it  be  reduced  a  trifle,  to  four  mils  the  single  letter,  we  doubt  not  that  the  increase  of  letters  would  fully  keep  up  the  present  [Revenue  But  .we  have  further  thoughts  upon  the  subject  of  this  decimal  reform.  When  the  hand  of  Govern Government  ment Government  is  .in  the  matter,  why_  should  we  not  make  a  bold  sweep,  and  a  clear  dedk,  of  the  artificial,  non nonsensical,  sensical, nonsensical,  and  most  inconvenient  syStem  of  com compound  pound compound  arithmetic  ?  .  Here  we  have  our  weights  and  Avordupoise,  Troy,  and  Apothecary,  of  the  one,  and  Long,  Square,  Solid,  and  Liquid,  of  All  these  rise  from  lower  to  higher  de denominations  nominations denominations  by  arbitrary  proportions,  based  on  no  measures--,=..  the  others  common  sense,  and  most  inconvenient  and  vex vexatious  atious vexatious  in  practice.  Why,  in  all  that  is  sensible,  is  the  pound  weight  divided  into  sixteen  or  twelve  just  according  to  the  commodity  to  be  weighed,  rather  than  into  any  other  numbers  ?  And  why  are  our  measures  of  every  kind  split  up  into  denominations  having  no  .relation  to  nature  or  to  science  ?  Whether  arithmetical  progression  by  Decimals,  be  a  fixed  principle'  in  nature,  or  whether  it  has  only  received  the  sanction  of  3,000  years,  as  the  basis  of  calculation,  is  of  no  earthly  consequence  to  determine.  It  is  enough  to  say,  that  from  the  earliest  dawn  of  science,  it  has  been  adopted  as  the  basis  of  figures  by  all  nations,  both  barbarous  and  civilized;.  and  ,this  is  reason  enough  why  we  should  apportion  things,  to  be  bought  .or  sold,  on  this  model.  We  say,  therefore,  that'  not  only  the  coin,  but  weights  and  measures  of  all  kinds,  and  of  all  commodities,  should  be  decimalized  at  once  ;.  and  then  it  will  be  seen  that  we  have  arrived  to  a  state  of  common.  sense.  This  :reform  may  meet  with  its  opposition  .  by  an  old-fashioned  people,  wedded  to  their  absurdi absurdities,  ties, absurdities,  and  John  Bull  may  kick  up  a  row  for  a  short  time  about  it,  but  it  will  be  found;  in  the  end,  that  a  more  beneficial  reform  has  not  been  effected  in  this  kingdom,  for  years  lastpast.  Where  the  pro process  cess process  of  simple  addition  will  cast  up  the  Most  -- STYLE=superscript  long  and  complicated'  'accounts  ;  and  where  :  all  the  weights  and  measures  shall  be  decimalized  to  agree-with  the  current  coin,  the  liabilities  to  error  will  be  obviated,  and  ~men  will  do  business'in  a  much  more  pleasant  and  expeditious  manner  than  heretofore,  We  have  often  reflected  upon  this  subject,  pre previous  vious previous  to  its  recent  agitation,  and  have  wondered  that  England,  so  wide-awake  in  money  matters,  should,  in  this,  so  far  lag  behind  the  intelligence  of  the  age.  Now  that  she  is  awake,  we  hope  her  eyes  will  be  turned  to  the  weights  and  measures,  as  well  as  to  the  coins,  and  then  she  will  be  able  to  count  up  her  immense  treasures  without  spectales.  PROSPERITY  is  sometimes  as  difficult  to  deal  with  as  adversity.  Nation's  surrounded  by  all  the  ele elements  ments elements  of  vitality,  have  more  than  once  proved  their  Thus  is  it  often  with  indi-  lon  the  sth  Instant.  She  met  .with  two  fleets  in  Orders  have,  been  given  for  the  immediate  Iskender  Bey,  Omer  Pasha's  aide-de-camp,  has  It  is  said  that  he  is  deputed  on  an  important  mission  to  the  English  and  French  The  Labrador  steam-frigate  has  left  Toulon  with  nearly  800  sailors  on  board,  who  are  to  take  the  There  is  a  passage  in  the  Koran,  which,  accord-"
