text
"Enact).  Goods  received  at  t'le  side  Huskisson  Dock,  and  shipped  according  to  priority  of  arriva  1.  STEAMERS  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL.  CONSTANTINOPLE,  SMYRNA,  SAMSOITN.  AND  TREBIZONDE,  Calling  at  0!!  ,1 STYLE=superscript  11fN  ,  GIBRALTAR,MALTA,and  SYRA,  With  liberty  to  call  at  any  other  ports.,  •  Loading  Berth,  west  side  of  Huskisson  Dock.  The  First-class  screw  Steamers  LEBANON..  .........  Capt.  T.  Cook.  ALPS  Capt  Moodie  MELITA  ......Capt.  Anderson  TAURUS  ..  Capt.  Langlands  BALBEC  Cant.llockly  TENERIFFE..  Capt.  J.  R.  Bell  DELTA  Capt.lLittle  KARNAK  ....  Capt.H.Dubbins  BRITISH  QUEEN  Capt.  Martyn  are  intended  to  sail  (with  or  without  Pilots)  from  Liverpool,  as  follows,  unlessprevented  by  unforeseen  circumstances.  LEBANON  .....  Thursday  Morning  ......  7th  Feb.  With  Goods  for  Malta,  Syra,  Constantinople,  and  Smyrna.  Passengers  for  Gibraltar,  Malta,  Syra,  Constantinople,  and  Smyrna.  Freight  on  all  Goodsmust  be  paid  in  Liverpool.  Bills  of  Lading  mast  be  atthe  office  forslgnature  the  day  previous  to  sailing.  To  prevent  the  possibility  of  all  after-discussion,  it  is  requested  that  shippers  will  send  a  person  to  the  quay  to  see  their  goods  measured.  *  *  l.  In  the  event  of  thesesteamers  bei  ng  pl  ace  d  i  n  quaran  ti  ne  at  any  of  the  above  ports,  goods  will  require  to  be  immediately  taken  away,  and  transferred  to  another  vessel  or  depot,  to  perform  guar guarantine,  antine, guarantine,  at  the  expense  and  risk  of  the  shippers  or  consignees.  This  also  applies  to  Passengers.  .  Goods  for  any  of  the  above-named  ports  must  hay.  the  place  of  their  destination  distinctly  marked  on  them,  in  letters  of  not  less  than  two  inches,  otherwise  the  agents  will  not  be  accountable  for  mistakes.  Shippers  will  please  send  a  shipping  note  along  with  each  cartload  of  Goods.  Fo STYLE=superscript  r  fr STYLE=superscript  eight  or  Passage  apply  to  G.  &amp;  J.  Blurts,  Glaigow,  or  here  to  BURNS  &amp;  MAC  IVER,  16.  Water-street  -1i-  I STYLE=superscript  c  h STYLE=superscript  E STYLE=superscript  A  I STYLE=superscript  Di  s  I STYLE=superscript  AI  ANN.  Goods  will  be  received,  in  p  . STYLE=superscript  krity  of  arrival,  at  the  loading  berth,  Wellington  Dock.  First-class  Stea  Ac  rn  Ti  LEVANT  SCREW  STEAM  SHIPPING  COMPANY'S  ,-_,  -_,:i,._  .  ,*  )  GRECIAN.  '-'721 STYLE=superscript  7  11 STYLE=superscript  ..a.:,..  EGYPTIAN.  li  CRIMEAN.  .  __„,  FOR  SALONICA,  CONST  ANTINOPLE,  &amp;  SMYRNA  CALLING  AT  MALTA  AND  SYRA.  EGYPTIAN  Wm.  M'MICKEN,  Commander,  Is  intended  to  sail  from  Wellington  Dock,  ou  WEDNESDAY,  the  13th  February.  ,  FREIGHTS  t  Malta,  Sara,  Salon  c  Censtantin  , STYLE=superscript  ple,  nd  Smyrna  —Fine  goods,  g  ey  goods.  ar.d  tw  st  goods,  primaee  ;  other  t  ooi.s  as  Fer  awed.  , STYLE=superscript  nt.  53 STYLE=superscript  '  and  10  per  cent,  c-All  Fre  ghts  must  he  paid  in  Liverpool  .  To  prevent  the  possibility  of  after  discussion,  It  is  r  equested  that  steamers  the  Steamer,  requ  i  re  to  be  Shippers  will  send  a  person  to  he  Quay  to  tee  their  G  oo  d  s  measured.  any  *** STYLE=superscript  p  l STYLE=superscript  o  n STYLE=superscript  r  port,  eCeaNregnot  o  f  these  n  ea  immediately  taken  away  and  transferred  to  another  Vess  e  l  or  Depot,  on  the  rreivrsal  heir  o  placed  in  Qu  arant  i  ne  at  to  perform  Quarantine,  at  the  expense  and  risk  of  the  Shippers  or  Consignees.  This  also  applies  to  Passengers.  Bilis  of  Lading  are  required  to  be  at  the  Office  is  Liverpool  for  Signature  the  day  previous  to  sailing.  Goods  for  the  above-nsFned  Ports  must  have  the  place  of  their  des destination  tination destination  distinctly  marked  on  them,  in  letters  of  not  less  than  two  inches.  otherwise  the  Agents  wi  ll  not  be  accountable  for  mistakes,  '  '''  •  •  •  Shippers  will  send  a  Shipping  Note  with  eacll7;iillOad  of  Goods.  For  freight  or  passage  apply  to  Lewis  Potter  &amp;  Co.,  Glasgow;  or  here,  to  FOWLER  &amp;  DAGNALL.  4,  Tower-buildings  West,  (irea4tb3t.  RHYL,  DENBIGH,  HOLYWELL,  AND STYLE=superscript  ALL  PARTS  OF  NORTH  WALES.  $  vir  „.  The  quickest  and  cheapest  route  is  by  THE  SATELLITE.  TO  MOSTYN.  SAILING  FROM  LIVERPOOL.  Thursday  Saturday  Tuesday  •  Jan  31,  23A  a.  m  .  Feb  2,  6  0  a.m  Feb  5,  833  a.m  Apply  to  Mr.  John  Watkins,  8,  Strand-street;  or  to  DANIEL  JAMES,  22,  Union-street.  INCREASED  STEAM  COMMUNICATION  TO  AND  FROM  LONDON,  Calling  at  WATERFORD,  The  Waterford  steam-ship  Company's  Powerful  Steam-ship  .  AD0N15...........  ....  ......  C  apta  i  n  Taylor  VW,..„  kb'  \  RANGER  •  4  /  V  '  lfflt,  WM.  PENN  Captain  Fry  DU8L1N.....  ,  THE  SABBATH  DEFENCE  MOVEMENT.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES.  Sir,—lt  is  pleasing  to  observe  the  prevalence  of  earnest  religious  feeling.  Without  it,  little  good  would  be  attempted  in  this  world,  and  less  accomplished.  It  there therefore  fore therefore  deserves  respect,  and  this  I  gladly  offer  to  my  fellow-  Christians  who  attended  the  meeting  at  St.  George's  -hall  on  the  Observance  of  the  Lord's  day,  while,  at  the  same  time,  I  warn  them  to  reflect  whether,  in  their  anxiety  to  be  righteous,  they  have  not  been  dangerously  mistaken  ?  It  will,  I  apprehend,  be  no  injustice  to  assame,  that  a  great  number  of  persons  were  entreated  in  the  sermons  of  their  pastors  to  attend  the  meeting  in  question,  for  the  purpose  of  defending  the  observance  of  Per Perhaps  haps Perhaps  more  vehement  language  may  have  been  used,  but  I  will  limit  my  remarks  to  that  which,  I  believe,  may  fairly  be  taken  to  be  the  substance  of  most  of  the  exhortations  delivered  from  the  pulpit.  If  lam  wrong,  I  shall  be  glad  to  be  corrected—if  right,  I  will  observe  that  a  very  false  impression  has  been  conveyed,  by  this,  or  similar  phrases,  to  the  hearers.  It  is  impossible  to  defend  that  which  is  not  attacked.  No  proposals  have  conic  from  any  quarter  to  coerce  any  individual,  in  his  or  her  observance  of  Sunday  No  one  has  denied  that  it  is  most  fitting  for  Christians  to  assemble  on  that  day  for  prayer,  or,  that  it  is  a  benificent  institu institution  tion institution  that  the  weary  should  find  rest  from  their  labour  upon  one  day  in  seven.  The  phrase,  however,  that  I  have  mentioned,  the  defence  of  the  taken  in  its  obvious  sense  would  imply  that  men's  Christian  lib  er  ty  i  s  i  n  d  anger  o  f  being  violently  interfered  with.  I  put  it  to  any  honest  antagonist,  whether  there  was  the  slightest  ground  for  any  such  apprehension  ?  If  not,  the  phrase  and  its  equivalent  are  more  than  an  exaggeration,  they  amount,  as  nearly  as  possible,  to  actual  falsehood.  It  is  very  painful  to  think  that  men  whom  we  respect  should,  in  their  anxiety  to  do  that  which  is  right,  have  been  driven  to  such  extravagant  assertions  as  that  in  question  ;  but  it  is  still  more  grievous  to  observe  that  the  same  rash  seal  should  have  sanctioned  the  following  words  in  a  fly flyleaf,  leaf, flyleaf,  distributed  in  the  churches  on  Sunday,  the  20th  inst.  :  Reader  !  that  Saviour  who  died  to  purchase  the  Sabbath  and  its  blessings  for  you,  expects  that  you  in  its  defence  will  do  your  I  know  not  under  what  circumstances,  or  by  whom  these  words  were  written.  To  me  they  are  shocking  beyond  expression,  inasmuch  as  they  distinctly  falsify  the  awful  dispensation  of  Christ's  death  in  atonement  for  men's  sin.  It  is  dreadful  to  reflect,  that  for  the  questionable  object  of  a  particular  form  of  Sunday  observance,  so  mighty  a  gospel  truth  should  be  so  carelessly  (I  will  not  say  blasphemously)  set  at  nought.  The  object  in  question  is,  after  all,  to  ascertain  in  what  manner  a  Christian  ought  to  observe  the  Lord's  day  ?  From  the  speeches  in  St.  George's-hall  it  is  difficult  to  ascertain  what  is  really  intended  by  the  speakers.  Dr.  M'Neile  seems  to  intimate  that  the  Sabbath  of  the  Old  Testament  was  not  abrogated,  but  transferred  to  Sunday  by  Divine  authority  ;  and  all  concur  that  recreation  in  its  ordinary  sense  should  not  be  permitted  by  the  Legislature  on  that  day.  I  shall  deal  with  these  opinions  separately.  In  the  Gospels  our  Lord  adverts  upon  two  occasions  to  the  superstitious  observance  of  the  Sabbath.  He  sanctions  ordinary  actions,  such  as  pulling  an  ox  or  an  ass  out  of  a  pit--actions  not  absolutely  necessary—and  by  them  justifies  the  nobler  works  of  mercy  towards  mankind.  Next  he  reproves  those  who  condemned  his  disciples  for  the  wanton  act  of  plucking  and  eating  a  few  grains  of  corn.  He  announces  the  great  doctrine  of  mercy  and  not  sacrifice,  in  other  words  a  spiritual  instead  of  a  carnal  and  ceremonial  faith.  Upon  these  occasions  he  rebukes  the  superstition  of  attaching  peculiar  sanctity  to  a  time,  as  upon  others,  that  which  was  ascribed  to  a  place.  If  we  need  further  explanation  upon  this  point,  we  find  there  is  no  lack  of  it  in  the  inspired  writings  of  the  ApOstle  of  the  Gentiles.  In  the  14th  Romans  we  are  warned  not  to  condemn  each  other  for  opinions  on  such  prints.  One  man  esteemeth  one  day  above  anothe  r  ;  another  esteemeth  every  day  alike.  Let  every  man  be  persuaded  in  his  own  mind.  He  that  regardeth  the  day,  regardeth  it  unto  the  Lord  ;  and  he  that  regardeth  not  the  day  to  the  Lord,  he  cloth  not  regard  In  2nd  Colossians  there  is  a  still  (more  remarkable  testimony.  Let  no  man  judge  you  in  meat  or  drink,  or  in  respect  of  en  holiday,  or  of  the  new  moon,  or  of  the  If  the  Sabbath,  with  all  the  importance  of  its  observance,  were  transferred,  as  is  contended,  to  Sunday,  we  naturally  ask  how  it  happens  that  such  a  momentous  institution  is  passed  over  without  a  solitary  word  from  our  blessed  Saviour  or  his  Apostles,  nay  more,  without  the  slightest  notice  in  Christian  history  for  three  hundred  years.  Was  it  traditional  ?  God  forbid.  Our  faith  is  in  the  Scripture.  But  let  us  take  even  tradition.  St.  Chrysostom  says,  Homily  V.,  on  Matt.  1.,  the  congregation  is  dismissed,  every  man  may  apply  himself  to  his  lawful  St.  Athanasius  reports—'  We  keep  no  Sabbaths  as  the  ancients  did,  except  an  eternal  Sabbath,  that  shall  have  no  Eusebius  says,  speaking  of  the  patriarchs  (and  there  is  a  similar  passage  in  Justin  Martyr)  they  cared  not  for  circumcision,  nor  do  we  ;  neither  for  the  observation  of  the  Sabbath,  no  more  do  I  might  cite  many  other  passages  from  writers  of  the  earlier  ages  to  show  the  usage  and  feelings  of  cotemporary  Christians  ;  but  my  space  is  limited,  and  I  would  use  it  to  show  that  the  same  opinions  have  been  successively  recog recognised  nised recognised  by  the  greatest  teachers  of  the  Gospel.  Luther.  If  anywhere  the  day  is  made  holy  for  the  mere  day's  sake—if  anywhere  any  one  sets  up  its  observance  on  a  Jewish  foundation,  then  I  order  you  to  work  on  it,  to  ride  on  it,  to  dance  on  it,  to  do  anything  that  shall  reprove  this  encroachment  on  Christian  By  changing  the  day,  and  yet  attributing  the  same  sanctity  to  it  that  the  Jews  did  to  their  Sabbath,  we  retain  the  same  typical  distinction  of  days.  Those  who  cling  to  them  go  thrice  as  far  as  the  Jews  in  the  gross  and  carnal  superstition  of  Sabbath  Beza  is  much  to  the  same  effect.  Cranmer  in  his  Visitation  Articles  inculcates  the  duty  of  workinr  , STYLE=superscript  at  the  harvest  on  Sundays,  and  this,  by  the  way,  is  a  much  greater  necessity  and  mercy  than  to  pull  an  ox  or  an  ass  out  of  a  pit,  which  our  Saviour  reckoned  ;  —so  that  those  justices  do  manifest  wrong  who  fine  p  )or  country  labourers  for  such  working.  I  will  now  proceed  to  the  modern  divines.  Paley  says,  Cessation  upon  Sunday  from  labour,  beyond  the  time  of  attendance  upon  public  worship,  is  not  intimated  in  any  passage  of  the  New  Testament  and  again,  The  resting  on  that  day  from  our  employments,  longer  than  we  are  detained  from  them  by  attendance  upon  religious  worship,  is,  to  Christians,  an  ordinance  of  human  institu 'institution.—Mor.'  Phil.  Dr.  Arnold  says,  Sunday  should  be  a  day  of  greater  leisure  than  other  days,  and  of  the  sus suspension,  pension, suspension,  as  far  as  may  be,  of  the  common  business  of  life  ;  but  then  I  should  have  much  greater  indnlgence  for  recrea recreation  tion recreation  on  a  Sunday  ;  and  if  the  railway  enables  people  in  great  towns  to  get  out  into  the  country  on  a  Sunday,  I  should  think  it  a  great  good.&#34;—Arnold's  Life,Vol.  11.  p.  10.  Archbishop  Whately  :  The  Lord's-day  is  to  be  held  as  a  purely  religious  festival.  Judaism  being  abolished,  all  its  vitual  observances  must,  of  course,  be  wholly  at  an  end  ;  so  that  we  are  no  more  compelled  to  keep  the  Fourth  Com Commandment,  mandment, Commandment,  than  we  are  to  keep  the  worship  of  the  Templ  e  ,  or  the  daily  on  St.  Paul.  I  might  multiply  quotations,  but  these  are  sufficient  to  establish  my  position,  viz,  that  the  Lord's-day  is  of  human  institution,  and  that  the  Church,  from  the  Apostolic  age  to  the  present,  has  always  held  it  dangerous  to  invest  it  with  the  character  and  observances  of  a  Sabbath.  Thus  we  arrive  at  the  astounding  conclusion  that  many  hundred  persons  were  summoned  by  their  pastors  to  defend  either  a  Sunday  which  was  not  attacked,  or  a  Sabbath  which  does  not  exist  in  the  Christian  Church,  and  by  Dr.  111‘1Seile  in  particular  we  are  told  that  the  attempt  to  foist  this  unwarranted  doctrine  upon  Christians  was  on  the  _Lord's  side  .&#34;'  I  cannot  but  suppose  that  the  Rev.  Canon  was  completely  ignorant  of  the  theological  position  he  to  o  k  up,  otherwise  he  would  have  resorted  to  some  argument  or  some  authority  to  show  why  he  advocates  opinions  which  are  not  even  recognised  by  the  Church  of  England,  much  less  taught  by  her  in  any  English  University.  I  am  afraid  1  have  already  exceeded  my  limits,  though  even  this  portion  of  my  subject  has  been  incompletely  dealt  with.  I  propose  to  finish  the  argument  at  a  future  time.  A  CHURCHMAN  Recruiting  is  proceeding  in  the  metropolis  with  much  vigour,  not  only  for  the  regular  troops,  but  for  the  auxiliary  forces,  land  transport  corps,  &amp;c.  The  Daily  News  records  the  death  on  Sunday,  at  Hampstead,  of  Mr.  John  Lalor,  formerly  one  of  the  editors  of  the  Morning  Chronicle,  since  then  contributor  to  the  Quarterlies,  and  the  author  of  an  essay  on  Educa Education,  tion, Education,  and  of  a  work  called  Money  and  THE  EDINBURGH  ELECTION.—We  hear  from  Edin  •  burgh,  that  the  requisition  to  Mr.  Adam  Black,  signed  by  1,124  electors,  was  presented  on  Saturday.  Mr.  Black  has  consented  to  stand,  and  has  invited  the  electors  to  g,  meet  him  thi  s  (Th  urs  d  ay)  evenin  when  he  will  state  his  views  upon  p  u  bli  c  a  ff  airs.  The  'names  of  Sir  William  Johnston,  on  the  No  interest,  and  the  Hon.  T.  Bruce  on  th  e  C  onservat  i  ve  ,  h  ave  b  een  mentioned,  but  no  one  is  yet  actually  in  the  field  but  Mr.  Black,  whose  prospects  of  an  unopposed  return  are  pretty  certain.  SHOULD  AI  LD  ACQUAINTANCE  BE  FORGOT  S.  Lindsay,  Esq.,  the  M.P.  for  Tynemouth,  was  in  very  early  youth  a  &#34;printer's  in  an  office  in  Glasgow.  Some  time  ago  when  in  that  town  he  called  up  on  hi  s  poor  old  master,  kindly  inquired  how  he  was,  and  how  times  went  with  him  ?  ''  Oh  said  the  old  man,  very  bad,  and  7  can  scarcely  make  ends  The  worthy  M.P.  looked  at  his  old  governor  feelingly,  sat  down  and  wrote  a  cheque  for  £3OO,  remarking,  in  aiding  him  in  h  s  dis distress,  tress, distress,  he  really  did  feel  a  pleasure.  The  old  man  felt  keenly  at  this  unexpected  New  Year's  present,  which  was  far  more  than  he  wanted  to  make  his  ends  meet.  THE  RUGELEY  MYSTERIES.  •  BIRMINGHAM  COURT  OF  BANKRUPTCY,  J.  23.  (Before  Mr.  Commissioner  Balguy.)  This  morning  the  appeal  against  the  adjudication.  of  a  fiat  of  bankruptcy  against  William  Palmer,  the  sur surgeon  geon surgeon  of  Rugeley,  came  on  for  hearing  in  the  private!  room  of  the  commissioner,  it  being  usual  (as  it  wa.s  stated)  to  take  all  such  preliminary  proceedings  out  of  the  public  court.  The  learned  commissioner,  as  well  ae  Mr_  Smith,  the  solicitor  against  the  adjudication.  consented  to  the  admission  of  the  press  ;  but  this  was  opposed  by  Mr.  James,  the  solicitor  for  the  petitioning  creditor;  and  his  Honour,  under  such  circumstances,  could  not  deviate  from  the  usual  practice  of  the  cc  The  preliminary  circumstances  of  the  case  are  follows:—Mr.  John  Spittle,  coal  master,  West  Brom  wich,  presented  his  petition  on  the  9th  of  January  instant,  against  Palmer,  of  Rugeley,  surgeon-apoth,  dealer  and  Chapman.  On  the  same  day  Mr.  Sl.  proved  his  debt,  which  was  to  the  amount  of  £l,O  upon  a  bill  of  exchange,  dated  19th  September,  18  drawn  by  William  Palmer  upon  and  accepted  by  S  Palmer,  payable  to  the  order  of  William  Palmer,  three  months  after  date,  and  by  G.  Palmer  endorsed  to  Spittle.  The  petitioning  creditor  also  proved  the  trading  of  an.  apothecary  by  the  mixing  and  dispensing  of  drugs  and  medicines  by  Palmer,  and  vending  the  same.  The  act  of  bankruptcy  relied  upon  was  then  proved  by  Henry  Gillard,  of  Stafford,  sheriff's  officcr,  who  stated  that  he  arrested  Palmer  under  a  copies  ad  satisfaciencluna  at  the  suit  of  Mr.  Henry  Padwick,  on  the  ,13th  day  of  Decem December  ber December  last  ;  and  on  the  17th  day  of  the  same  month  Palmer  was  removed  under  the  same  writ,  anki  also  on  a  coro coroner's  ner's coroner's  warrant,  on  a  charge  of  murder,  to  the  county  jail  of  Stafford.  Upon  these  facts  Mr.  Charles  Waterfietal,  the  Registrar  of  the  Court  of  Bankruptcy  .acting  for  Mr.  Commissioner  Balguy  during  his  absence,  adjudicated  Palmer  a  bankrupt.  The  notice  of  adjudk•ation  was  duly  served,  when  Mr.  Smith  gave  notice  that  L'e  should  this  day  dispute  such  adjudication.  After  some  argu arguments  ments arguments  had  been  gone  into  Mr.  Smith  stated  that  he  was  to  dispute  the  trading,  and  the  act  of  bank bankruptcy  ruptcy bankruptcy  itself—the  trading  on  the  ground  that  Mr.  Palmer  had  not  been  in  business  for  more  than  two  years  ;  the.  act  of  bankruptcy  on  the  authority  of  parte  Bowes,'  4  Vesey,  and  Regina  v.  1  Broderick  andi  Bingham,  where  it  had  been  clearly  held  that  a  person  must  be  in  custody  upon  civil  process  only;  and  although  , STYLE=superscript  the  69th  section  of  the  Bankruptcy  Law  Consolidation.  Act  used  the  words,  having  been  arrested  or  committed  , STYLE=superscript  to  prison  for  any  other  yet  such  cause  should  be  sui  generis,  and  have  reference  to  the  law  relating  to  bankrupts,  which  was  not  the  fact  in  this  case.  The  first  petition  in  bankruptcy,  of  which  notice  had  been  given  to  dispute,  was  then  annulled.  Mr.  James  then  left  the  room  for  the  purpose  of  presenting  another  petition,  and  in  the  interim  Mr.  Smith  intimated  that  he  should  not  go  into  another  petition  now,  and  suggested  that  the  case  should  be  taken  next  Thursday.  At  a  later  period  of  the  day  Mr.  James  presented  another  petition  from  creditors,  which  the  court  refused  to  open."
