text
"staring  us  in  the  face,  we  repeat,  this  is  no  tin,  for  tr  a  que  on  which  affects  the  exist-  e  of  e  class  of  socie  The  B  aMonists  sa  and.  brings  gold  into  our  .ely  grant  this,  and  a  boldly  to  ans  'or  with-  out  ar.  cation  what  has  become  country,  bete  of  the  gold  that  reached  this  Le  Ist  of  January  1848,  and  the  3Mpt  to  tell  us  where  ALI  gold  rec  it  period  has  gone  answe  he  House  (  S  RIO  amounts  rece  3.  th©  years  abovc  Ira  in  question  was  ordered  ommons  on  ti  bought  8  41,779,t  8  116,7  735,95  560.95  igion,  no  pit.  the  last  about  to  inflict  on  societN  yard  show  of  morality  balm  amount  1  in  vain  t  f  the  metalli  _sperate  characters  who  are  still  at  large  there  is  hope  of  escaping  death,  no  matter  how  diabolical  their  crimes  may  be  ?  It  all  depends  on  the  legal  colouring  of  their  defence,  and  the  legal  ingenuity  they  can  call  to  their  aid  when  before  a  coroner'  London  Times,  o  r  any  other  jury  or  the  judge.  As  an  example,  therefore,  the  hanging  of  one  man  out  of  a  number  found  guilty  and  sentenced  for  taking  the  life  of  a  fellow-creature  cannot  by  any  possibility  have  a  good  effe3t.  On  the  contrary,  it  inspires  the  multitude  with  a  belief  that  the  law  of  death  is  only  very  partially  administered  ;  and  the  very  opposite  result  to  that  soug  h  t  i  s  all  that  is  attained.  Again,  there  are  some  who  contend  that  all  those  who  commit  murder  are  labouring  under  temporary  insanity,  and  they  cite  the  verdicts  returned  by  coroners'  juries  in  cases  of  suicide,  and  the  statistics  adduced  by  high  medical  authority  in  London  some  few  years  sinc  which  went  to  show  that  in  almost  every  case  where  persons  who  attempted  self-destruction,  had  by  proper  medical  aid  been  restored  to  health,  subsequently  died  mad.  And  the  man  who  coolly  contemplates  the  savage  and  nliuman  butchery  of  a  fellow  creature  cannot  be  sound  state  of  mind.  He  can  have  no  no  thought  of  the  misery  he  is  r,  no  respect  for  the  out outnd,  nd, outnd,  above  all,  his  disregard  e  first  law  of  nature—self-preservation  —goes  _  _  ar  to  prove  that  the  longer  Zthe  miscreant  spends  neditating  on  the  commission  of  his  crime,  the  G  mod,  B.A  his  want  of  all  thoso  attributes  which  ,  however,  to  travel  into  these  LIVERPOOL  ROYAL  INFIRMARY,  January  5,  1856.  Admitted—ln-patients,  27  ;  out-patients,  3  ;  casuals  du  r  ing  the  last  week,  1;1  Discharged  —In-p  a  ti  en  t  s  :  cured,  9  ;  relieved,  and  at  own  request,  8  ;  made  out-pati  en  t  s  ,  6  ;  irregular,  4  ;  d  ea  d,  1  ;  rema  i  n  in  the  house,  157.  House  Visitors—Joseph  G.  Livingston,  and  Hugh  Perkins,  Esqrs.  Physician  and  Surgeon  for  ensuing  week—Dr.  Dickenson  and  Mr.  Stubbs.  House  Surgeons,  Mt.  G.  B.  'Raiford  and  Mr.  C.  Webster.  Chaplain—Rev.  H.  J.  .  Robert  Hutchison,  Esq.,  Treasurer.  OUTRAGE  IV  MASON  -STREET,  EDGE-lIILL.-011  Friday  a  gentleman  was  knocked  down,  badly  treated,  and  robbed  of  his  watch  and  other  property  in  the  above  street;  and,  although  he  held  out  for  a  considerable  time  against  his  assailants,  and  called  loudly  for  the  police,  yet  no  con constable  stable constable  came  to  his  assistance  and  the  ruffians  got  clear  off  with  their  booty.  Our  informant  (upon  whom  we  can  rely),  states  that  this  and  some  adjoining  streets  in  the  locality,  are  infested  nightly  by  a  set  of  desperate  characters,  who  prowl  about  committing  depredations,  and  that  seldom,  even  in  the  day  time,  is  there  a  policeman  to  be  seen.  This  notice,  it  is  hoped  will  attract  the  attention  of  Major  Greig,  _..  ..unvictions  on  the  and  that  he  will  at  once  remedy  the  great  evil  com-  All  we  contend  for  is  the  administration  plained  of.  I  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  has  been  inactive  at  yesterday's  prices  :  and  at  the  close  they  remained  unaltered.  Closing  prices  as  follows  :  Aberdeen,  11  111  Birkenhead,  131  134.  Caledonian,  27  271.  Ches  ter  and  Holyhead,  11-1  Ht.  Eastern  Coun Counties,  ties, Counties,  84  £3B.  East  Lancashire,  171  172.  Great  Northern,  22  22/.  Ditto  A,  91  94.  Great  Western,  514  52.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  70  76-1  Liverpool,  Crosby,  and  Southport,  131  14.  Lon_  don  and  North  Western  Stock,  93194.  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  231  238.  Ditto  Prefer Preference,  ence, Preference,  132  131  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  7-16  2p.  Midland  Stock,  63f  631.  North  British,  71  71  North  Staffordshire,  82  81d.  South  Eastern,  17  17  1-16.  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  161  16;.  York  and  North  Midland,  221  22k.  Dutch  Rhenish,  11  16  id.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  241  241,  Ditto  New  Shares,  2*  Op.  Great  Luxembourg,  101  10  d.  The  money  market  during  the  week  has  been  more  than  usually  light.  In  London  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  early  part  of  the  week,  the  demands  on  the  banks  for  discounts  were  very  heavy,  and  extreme  rates  were  freely  paid.  This  demand  is  said  to  have  been  produced  by  the  heavy  amount  of  acceptances  falling  due  on  the  4th,  and  the  payment  of  ten  per  cent  instalments  of  the  5,000,0001.  Turkish  loan,  (being  the  last  but  one),  which  fell  due  on  Tues.  day.  The  efflux  of  gold  to  France  continues,  and  the  whole  of  the  416,0001.,  brought  by  the  Donald  MlCay  from  Australia,  has  been  purchased  by  the  Bank  of  France,  which  is  still  paying  a  premium  to  secure  supplies  as  soon  as  they  come  in.  The  last  importation  from  America,  about  62,0001,  has  also  been  taken  for  the  same  destination.  The  571,0001.  in  silver,  and  60,000/.  in  gold  brought  by  the  West  India  steamer  has  been  deposited  in  the  Bank  to-day,  but  it  is  the  general  belief  that  the  silver  will  be  sent  to  India  and  China,  the  demand  for  which  continues  unabated.  About  400,0001.  is  now  due  from  Australia;  with  this  exception  we  have  now  received  all  the  specie  that  we  have  reason  to  expect  for  some  weeks.  Insurances  have  been  effected  upon  several  amounts  to  be  shipped  from  the  United  States  on  continental  account,  so  that  it  appears  that  a  system  has  been  organized  to  obtain  as  much  as  possible  of  the  Californian  yield  from  New  York,  whilst  purchases  are  still  made  in  this  market  of  the  Australian  parcels  as  they  come  in.  Against  this  co  m  p  e  titi  on  we  h  ave  nothing  to  set  but  the  natural  operation  of  the  Exchanges,  which,  at  present,  owing  to  the  large  import  of  corn,  do  not  leave  any  profit  upon  the  shipment  of  gold  from  America.  Under  these  circumstances  the  position  of  the  Bank  naturally  invites  attention.  Chester  -  The  Bank  returns,  we  published  this  morning,  aro  generally  regarded  as  unfavourable.  The  Bullion  is  161,6021.  less  than  last  week,  and  the  Reserve  has  diminished  482,3271.,  while  the  Private  Secu Securities  rities Securities  have  increased  573,737/.  These  changes  shew  the  extent  of  pressure  to  which  the  Bank  was  subjected  last  week.  The  Bullion  is  now  at  its  lowest  point  in  1855,  being  in  both  departments  only  10,820,1631.  against  13,834,6571.  in  the  corres corresponding  ponding corresponding  week  last  year.  From  these  causes  the  Stock  Market  has  experienced  a  continuous  decline  during  the  week,  amounting,  on  some  values  to  1,  and  others  to  1/,  per  cent.  Consols  closed  last  Saturday  at  883  to  and  yesterday  at  871  to  1.  The  fall  was,  undoubtedly,  accelerated  by  a  belief  that,  as  the  quarter's  revenue  up  to  the  end  of  1855,  shews  a  deficiency  of  nearly  4,000,0001.  a  loan  will  shortly  be  announced,  whilst,  in  order  to  provide  for  the  dividends  due  next  week,  the  Government  has  been  in  the  market  as  a  seller  of  stock.  Foreign  securities  have  been  very  heavy,  and  they  aro  all  lower.  The  Turkish  6  per  cents  were  done  on  Saturday  at  83a;  to-day  they  closed  at  811  to  t,  being  a  fall  of  21.  10s.  The  New  Scrip  has  fallen  Railway  Shares  have  fluctuated,  but  the  decline  in  them  has  not  been  equal  to  that  in  Consols  and  foreign  stocks.  The  continuous  good  traffics,  and  the  approaching  dividends,  keep  them  on  the  whole  steady,  but  there  is  not  much  doing.  Exchequer  Bills  have  been  at  12s  dis,  but  the  average  price  is  from  Os  to  4s.  To-day  the  transactions  have  been  limited,  and,  although  the  quotations  were  rather  weaker  in  the  morning,  the  closing  prices  were  the  same  as  those  at  the  termination  of  business  yesterday.  There  is  no  particular  feature  to  notice  in  regard  to  the  operations,  but  the  bank  returns  are  con considered  sidered considered  unfavourable.  Consols  opened  at  87  to  871,  at  which  they  remained  some  time,  but  the  final  quotation  was  87k.  The  New  Three  per  Cents.  were  steady  at  87i  to  871,  and  the  Reduced  871.  An  improvement  of  about  to  1  per  cent.  occurred  in  Bank  Stock,  which  was  marked  207..  Exchequer  Bills  have  recovered  Os.  and  4s.  discount,  and  there  was  a  rumour  late  this  afternoon  that  the  Government  contemplate  a  funding  of  these  securities  to  the  extent  of  between  0,000,00)1.  or  7,000,000/.  The  settlement  of  the  English  Stock  Market  is  fixed  for  the  15th  of  January.  According  to  a  statement  compiled  by  Messrs.  Haggard  and  Pixley,  the  exports  of  bullion  from  London  during  last  year  amounted  to  14,221,610/,  or  3,321,733/  more  than  in  1854.  The  augmentation  has  been  chiefly  of  silver,  and  during  the  last  six  months  the  ship shipments  ments shipments  of  this  article  alone  have  been  to  the  extent  of  6,933,380/.  These  totals  are  irrespective  of  what  has  been  forwarded  to  France  by  way  of  Folkestone  and  Dover,  and  which  represents  an  important  aggregate  amount.  The  moveMents  of  the  precious  metals  this  week  have  been  important.  The  arrivals  amount  to  about  600,0201.,  which  comprise  631,260/.  from  the  Pacific,  &amp;c.,  by  the  Tyne  steamer;  61,6301.  from  New  York,  per  America  ;  3,1301.  from  the  Peninsu Peninsula,  la, Peninsula,  per  the  Sultan.  The  ascertained  exports  have  been  to  the  extent  of  about  727,8501.,  which  in includes  cludes includes  416,0001.  per  Donald  M'lCay,  for  the  Bank  of  France  ;  277,3071.  per  Pera,  for  India  and  China  ;  and  about  50,0001.,  by  private  hand,  to  the  Conti Continent,  nent, Continent,  and  100  ounces  of  Gold,  and  600  ounces  of  Silver,  for  the  Continent,  through  the  London  Custom  House.  Some  excitement  was  stated  to  exist  in  Chili,  in  consequence  of  the  discovery  of  a  rich  gold  field  near  the  old  mines  where  gold  washing  was  suc successfully  cessfully successfully  carried  on  by  the  Spaniards  during  the  rule  of  old  Spain.  Naciamento,  the  place  spoken  of,  where  an  American  is  stated  to  have  extracted  10,000  dollars  worth  in  fourteen  days,  is  at  the  head  of  the  estuary  of  the  river  Bio  Bio,  in  lati latitude  tude latitude  35  deg.  south,  on  the  frontier  of  a  territory  belonging  to  a  warlike  tribe  of  the  American  Indians.  A  scientific  gentleman,  who  had  visited  the  country,  states  that  its  geological  forma formation  tion formation  appeared  to  be  of  the  highest  auriferous  character.  In  the  Mincing-lane  markets,  which  re-opened  on  Wednesday,  after  the  Christmas  recess,  the  business  transacted  has  been  of  an  unimportant  character,  and  the  heaviness  apparent  in  the  early  part  of  last  month  has  not  diminished.  Sales  of  sugar  at  former  rates  have  almost  been  impracti impracticable,  cable, impracticable,  and  in  one  or  two  instances  a  reduction  of  2s  to  3s  per  cwt  has!been  conceded.  On  the  Ist  instant,  the  stock  at  the  four  chief  ports  of  the  United  Kingdom  was  66,750  against  114,531  tons  at  the  same  time  in  the  previous  year,  and  84,289  in  1854.  Coffee,  both  plantation  and  native,  has  been  in  limited  request,  but  rather  higher  prices  have  been  realised  by  private  contract.  The  stock  in  London  on  the  Ist  of  January,  1855,  was  8924  tons  against  10,589  in  1854.  Cocoa  has  been  dull  of  sale,  and  rum  is  ld  to  2d  per  gallon  cheaper.  Rice  has  been  at  almost  nominal  quotations.  Saltpetre,  at  a  slight  decline,  has  been  taken  to  a  small  extent  and  cotton  has  been  steady.  Messrs.  Smith  and  Charles  in  their  circular,  to-day,  make  the  following  remarks  in  reference  to  the  Tallow  Trade  :  Nothing  has  transpired  in  relation  to  the  mission  of  Count  Esterbazy  since  the  date  of  our  last  circular  ;  the  same  disbelief  in  a  pacific  solution  of  the  question  prevails  to  which  we  then  alluded.  Meanwhile  tne  position  of  our,  markets  has  undergone  some  little  change.  The  deliveries  on  January  to  March  contracts  have  been  far  less  than  was  generally  anticipated,  and  this  has  strengthened  the  convic conviction  tion conviction  entertained  in  some  quarters  that  there  is  an  oversold  asked  her  the  subject  o  I  become  a  wido  --~~---  her  meditation  3  iofmyold  account  for  that  period.  The  stock  on  the  Ist  instant  was  18,904  casks  against  35,000  in  1855  ;  43,000  in  1854  ;  47,000  in  1853  ;  and  64,000  in  1852.  There  are  about  3,000  casks  afloat,  and  until  the  recent  re-opening  of  the  German  ports  (occasioned  by  the  mild  weather),  this  appeared  to  be  all  that  we  should  receive  till  the  end  of  March.  Shipments  are,  however,  going  on  at  Memel  and  other  ports,  and  the  doleful  political  position  of  Prussia,  which  was  commented  on  by  one  of  our  leading  journals  of  Monday  will,  no  doubt,  stimulate  the  efforts  of  holders  of  Russian  produce  lying  in  Prussia  to  increased  activity  in  its  dispatch  ;  and  this  will  probably  be  further  augmented  by  the  extraordin extraordinary  ary extraordinary  difference  in  the  price  of  tallow  for  delivery  on  or  before  March,  as  compared  with  the  price  for  delivery  atter  that  date.  These  two  things,  then,  Ist,  the  political  position  of  Prussia,  which  may  lead  to  a  blockade  of  her  ports  later  in  the  season;  2nd,  the  difference  in  market  value  of  from  31.  to  5/.  per  ton  in  a  tallow  delivered  on  this  side  of  March  as  compared  with  a  later  period,  will,  as  it  seems  to  us,  furnish  the  holders  of  tallow  in  Prussia  with  the  strongest  inducements  to  press  forward  their  goods,  even  at  the  cost  of  additional  charge  for  conveyance;  and  in  the  meantime  the  effect  of  these  considerations  will  be  to  deter  manufacturers  and  consumers  from  purchasing  more  than  they  can  possibly  avoid  till  the  beginning  of  April.  For  the  first  two  or  three  days  of  this  week  our  market  was  extremely  inac inactive  tive inactive  ;  the  demand  has  since  improved,  and  our  concluding  prices  are-spot,  new,  68s.  ;  old,  665.  6d.  ;  January  and  March,  68s.  ;  March  and  April  675.  ;  April  to  June,  635.  6d.  ;  October  and  December,  603.  ;  town  tallow  665.  net  cash.  Delivered  to  last  night,  565  ;  arrivals,  1469.  The  public  sales  consisted  of  570  casks,  153  of  which  were  sold.  St.  Petersburg  advices  are  to  the  27th  ult.  Ex Exchange,  change, Exchange,  35  11-16.  Nothing  doing  in  tallow.  Memel  prices,  1456  for  spot  at  St.  Petersburgh,  and  138  spot  at  Moscow  ;  carriage  65  to  Koono  ;  for  delivery  in  St.  Peters Petersburgh  burgh Petersburgh  next  day,  124  cash,  and  133  10i  down.  We  quote  palm  oil  48s.  6d.  475.  ;  cocoa-nut  oil,  Cochin,  475,  Ceylon,  46s  ;  linseed  oil,  445.  In  London  the  English  Stock  Market  continues  flat.  The  additional  decline  established  to-day,  however,  scarcely  amounted  to  an  ith  per  cent.  The  prices  at  tho  close  of  the  day  boino•  871  871.  An  unfavourable  impression  was  produced  by  the  weekly  Bank  Returns,  which  is  interpreted  as  indicating  a  probability  of  continued  sales  of  stock  to  meet  the  financial  necessities  of  the  Govern Government.  ment. Government.  The  general  demand  for  money  to-day  was  good,  but  less  active  than  yesterday.  The  large  masses  of  Bills  falling  due  yesterday,  the  4th,  have  been  remarkably  well  met.  At  Paris  to-day  the  Three  per  Cents  experienced  a  decline  of  I  to  •Z  per  cent.  The  imports  of  the  precious  metals  this  week  have  been  heavy,  but  consist  chiefly  of  Silver,  the  value  of  the  arrival  is  about  696,0001.,  but  the  proportion  of  Gold  is  comparatively  limited.  The  ascertained  exports  of  the  week  are  about  278,0001.,  chiefly  in  Silver.  It  is  known,  however,  that  the  Gold  brought  by  the  America  and  the  Donald  M‘Kay,  has  been  taken  for  the  Continent,  in  addition  to  the  sundry  amounts  withdrawn  from  the  Bank,  Business  in  Railway  Shares  to-day  was  singularly  small,  and  the  market  was  altogether  free  from  any  important  variation  in  price.  The  following  are  the  closing  quotations  :-Caledonian,  ;  541  541  Eastern  Counties,  81  81.  East  Lancashire,  691  701  Great  Northern,  87  88.  Ditto  A,  73  74.  Great  Western,  511,  52.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  762  701.  Leeds  Northern,  111.  London  and  North  Western,  93,i  941.  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  231234.  Midland  Stock,  63k  631  North  British,  281  291.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,  561  571.  York,  Newcastle  and  Berwick,  661  671.  York  and  North  Midland,  441-  45.  On  Friday  last,  we  drew  attention  to  the  approaching  departure  of  :Dr.  Scoresby  by  the  Royal  Charter  to  Australia.  We  are  glad  to  be  able  to  add  to  our  former  statement,  that  the  experiments  referred  to,  have  now  been  made  to  Dr.  Scoresby's  entire  satisfaction,  and  that  in  addition  to  the  service  he  is  about  to  render  to  nauti nautical  cal nautical  science,  he  has  most  kindly  promised  to  g  ive  his  most  valuable  aid  in  the  religious  exercises  of  th  e  Sunday  dur during  ing during  the  voyage.  CORONER'S  INQUESTS.---On  Saturday  the  deputy  coroner  Mr.  Statham,  held  the  following  inquests  :--On  the  body  of  a  respectable  female,  named  Mary  Havdock,  aged  77  years,  who  resided  in  Field-street.  The  deceased  was  very  deaf,  and  a  few  evenings  ago,  she  was  passing  through  Great  Homer-street,  when  she  was  knocked  down  and  ran  over  by  a  shandry,  and  received  such  injuries  in  her  head  that  slie  died  from  the  effects.  There  was  a  man  in  custody  on  suspicion  of  being  the  driver  of  the  vehicle,  but,  as  there  was  no  proof  of  the  fact,  he  was  discharged.  The  jury  found  that  death  was  accidental.—The  details  of  the  follow following  ing following  cases  appeared  in  our  paper  of  Saturday,  and  the  following  are  the  verdicts  :—William  Jones,  a  fireman  on  board  a  steamer,  accidentally  drowned.  Jane  Willis,  falling  down  stairs  ;  verdict,  accidentally  killed.  Elizabeth  Rath,  died  from  the  effects  of  burns,  by  her  clothes  catching  fire,  accidental  death.  A  boy,  named  Dewhurst,  choked  by  a  bean  ;  verdict,  accidental  death.  John  Moore,  ac  c  id  en  t  a  lly  killed  on  board  a  ship,  by  a  piece  of  iron  falling  on  him  ;  verdict  same  as  on  the  preceding  case.  William  Jones,  accidentally  drowned,  verdict  same.  Archibald  Roston,  a  watchman,  accidentally  drowned  in  one  of  the  docks,  verdict  same.  There  is  a  man  down  east,  rather  a  facetious  chap,  whose  name  is  New.  He  named  his  first  child  Something  ;  it  was  Something  New.  His  next  child  was  called  Nothing,  it  being  Nothing  New.—American  Paper.  A  handsome  young  bride  was  observed  to  be  in  deep  reflection  on  her  wedding-day.  One  of  her  bridesmaids  '  I  was  think-  eaux  I  should  marry  A  fresh  departure  of  pilgrims  Jerusalem  'and  the  Holy  Land  will  take  'place  at  Marseilles  towards  the  end  of  February.  About  the  same  period  another  caravan,  formed  in  Germany,  will  sail  from  Trieste  for  the  same  destination.  WAKLEY  AND  WINE.—A.  commissioner  of  the  Insolvent  Debtors'  Court,  one  of  the  wittiest  men  of  the  day  (Mr.  Sergeant  Murphy),  was  dining  lately  in  company  with  Mr.  Wakley,  the  well-known  coroner.  you  like  that  wine,  Wakley  asked  the  commissioner.  Very  good,  said  Wakley.  said  his  friend,  a  coroner,  I  thought  you'd  There's  a  body  in  The  Emperor  Alexander  11.  has  ordered  a  special  court  to  be  formed  at  Kieff  for  trying  captured  Poles  and  Hun Hungarians.  garians. Hungarians.  The  former  are  to  be  punished  with  death,  the  latter  delivered  to  the  Austrians  for  execution.  So  many  Polish  and  Hungarian  prisoners  are  taken,  in  irons,  to  Kieff,  that  no  fewer  than  four  judges,  ten  secretaries,  and  executioners  innumerable,  are  continually  employed  in  their  condemnation.  Rossini  had  accepted  an  invitation  to  dine  with  a  certain  lady,  whose  dinners  were  known  to  be  arranged  on  a  most  economical  scale.  The  dinner  offered  to  the  maestro  formed  no  exception  to  the  general  rule,  and  he  left  the  table  rather  hungry.  hope  you  will  soon  do  me  the  honour  to  dine  again  with  said  the  lady  to  him,  as  he  was  taking  leave.  This  minute,  if  you  replied  he.  Jun  vssEx.—At  the  commencement  of  the  inquest  on  the  body  of  Mr.  Sterling,  who  was  so  barbarously  murdered  near  Burnopfield,  one  of  the  jury  (Mr.  Burnett,  of  Beda Bedalodge),  lodge), Bedalodge),  who  had  been  summoned,  failed  to  attend,  upon  which  the  coroner,  J.  M.  Favell,  Esq.,  inflicted  a  fine  of  401.  A  few  days  ago  a  writ  was  received  from  the  treasury  by  the  Sheriff  of  Durham,  to  enforce  payment  of  the  fine.  The  writ  has  since  been  executed,  and  the  money  pal  l  —Durham  Advertiser.  COLLISION  ON  THE  NORTII  WESTERN  RAILWAY.—A  collision  took  place  on  the  line  of  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway,  at  Watford,  on  Friday  evening.  It  ap appears  pears appears  that  shortly  before  nine  o'clock,  the  up  express  train  being  due,  a  coal  train  was  ordered  by  the  station  master  to  be  shunted  into  a  sliding,  to  let  the  express  pass,  The  engine  of  the  former  had  not  quite  cleared  the  main  up  line,  when  the  express,  which  had  been  signalled  at  the  tunnel,  and  had  considerably  slackened  speed,  ran  into  the  engine  of  the  coal  train,  and  threw  it  as  well  as  some  of  the  trucks,  off  the  line.  Some  of  the  passengers  in  the  express  train  are  stated  to  be  considerably  shaken  but  no  serious  injury  was  the  result,  except  the  stoppage  of  the  line,  which  was  not  cleared  for  some  hours  after  the  occurrence.  DISSOLUTIONS  OF  PARTNERSHIP.—Anne  Powell  and  Mary  Howell,  Chorlton-upon-Medlock,  Lancashire,  teachers.  J.  Logan  and  H.  H.  Nicholson,  Liverpool,  general  produce  brokers.  G.  Glen  arid  T.  D.  Anderson,  Liverpool.  E.  Lodge.  G.  Marshall,  and  T.  Blenkhorn,  jun.,  Paddock,  Huddersfield,  and  elsewhere,  manufacturing  chemists.  M.  Kennedy,  J.  S.  Scholes,  and  IV.  Hirst,  Manchester,  com commission  mission commission  agents,  so  far  as  regards  M.  Kennedy.  A.  Sleigh  and  S.  H.  Sleigh,  Liverpool,  brokers.  F.  Boldemann,  T.  Berries,  and  J.  B.  Alexander,  Newcastle-upon  Tyne,  corn  factors,  so  far  as  regards  F.  Bolderman.  R.  Booth  and  J.  Ashworth,  Salford,  Lancashire,  manufacturers  of  British  gums.  R.  Brennard  and  W.  T.  Rimmer,  Liverpool,  merchants.  T.  B.  Hayward  and  A.  B.  Hayward,  Liverpool,  tailors.  F.  Shearburn  and  T.  Haller,  Kingston-upou-Hull,  tea  dealers.  W.  Nichols,  R.  Gaunt,  and  I  Gaunt,  Wilsden,  West  Riding  of  Yorkshire,  worsted  spinners.  IV.  Dunlop  and  C.  Hastings,  Bradford,  Yorkshire,  commission  agents.  W.  Harwood  and  A.  J  .  Ashforth,  Sheffield,  omnibus  pro proprietors.  prietors. proprietors.  J.  Millar,  R.  Barbour,  and  J.  Stevenson,  Bradford,  Yorkshire,  or  elsewhere,  as  far  as  regards  J.  Millar.  W.  Foulis  and  A.  Grierson,  Blackbu  rn  ,  L  ancas  hi  r  e,  travelling  drapers.  H.  J.  Street  and  R.  Balshaw,  Liverpool,  brokers.  E.  Reuss,  G.  Kling,  and  F.  A.  Tafel,  Manchester  and  Bradford,  commission  merchants,  so  far  as  regards  F.  A.  Tafel.  J.  Demount  and  E.  Middlehnrst,  Liverpool,  011  grant  agent.  A.  Ralli,  T.  Ralli,  S.  Mavrogani,  C.  T.  Ralli,  P.  L.  Vlasto,  P.  T.  !Rain,  D.  T.  Raih,  J.  T.  Ralli,  and  A.  V.  Ralli,  London,  Manchester,  Calcutta,  Corfu,  and  Constantinople.  Emma  Calvert  and  J.  E.  Calvert,  Leeds,  dyers.  R.  M.  Whitlow,  R.  Radford,  and  T.  Whitlow,  Manchester,  a  ttorneys.  A.  Sparrow  and  B.  B.  P  ea  k  e,  Liverpool,  general  commission  agents.  N.  Armstrong,  jun.,  and  W.  Wise,  jun.,  South  Stockton,  Yorkshire,  and  Stockton-on-Trees  and  West  Hartlepool,  timber  merchants.  G.  Hayter,  J.  Wrenn,  and  S.  W.  Silver,  Liverpool,  merchants.  F.  Ellam  and  L.  Sheard,  Lindley,  Yorkshire,  cloth  dressers.  T.  R.  Gee  and  J.  Pennington,  Liverpool,  wholesale  tea  dealers.  T.  A6son  and  K.  Powles,  Liverpool,  attornies.  A.  Crooke  and  11.  It.  Whistler,  Liverpool,  brokers.  SECOND  EDITION.  FRANCE  LATEST  INTELLIGENCE.  The  Moniteur  of  yesterday  notifies  that,  by  a  decision  of  the  Finance  Minister,  the  interest  attached  to  the  Treasury  bonds  is  fixed  as  follows,  to  commence  on  the  7th  instant  :—At  4f  per  cent  per  annum,  on  bonds  having  from  three  to  five"
