text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  that  they  were  not  bringi  for  it  was  Mr  up  Mr.  Smith  as  ships,  colonies,  ald  say  a  word  commerce  ?  Why  then  should  Mann  forward  with  this  particular  watch-  kfaun  who  was  Cries  of  faun  Vas  there  any  man  who  (  ha  cholera.  hive_  I  servant,  RELAND  Lie  pap  cond  to  that  in  t  templated,  we  have  one  from  Wi  in  connection  with  the  amalgamated  companies  of  Dublin  and  Wicklow  and  Dublin  and  Bras  principal  northern  lines  contemplated,  are  the  Londonderry  and  Enniskillen  extended  ;  and  a  series  of  lines  running  from  Belfast,  with  the  intention  of  connecting  the  Ulster  and  Connaught.  For  this,  the  Ulster  and  Midland  Great  Western  Companies  apply  for  a  bill  to  enable  them  to  sub subscribe  scribe subscribe  conjointly.  A  scheme  .fOr  a  line  running  from  south-east-  to  west  is  also  put  forward;  the  Waterford  and  Kilkenny  railway  being  extended  (by  a  separate  company,  however)  from  the  latter  city  to  Maryborough,  where  the  connection  will  be  taken  up  by  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  to  Portarlington,  and  thence  by  a  junction  to  Tulla-  from  which  place  a  line  is  suggested  inter interecting  ecting interecting  the  Midland  Great  Western  at  Athlone  or  Ballinasloe,  and  continuing  on  to  Sligo.'  A  num number  ber number  of  short  lines  are  also.  to  be  applied  for  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  metropolis  and  elsewhere.  REPRESENTATION  OF  CLCNIIEL.—  Amongst  the  additional  names  mentioned,  are  those  of  Mr.  Nicholas  Maher,  late  member  for  Tipperary  ;  Mr.  Bianconi,  the  extensive  car-proprietor  ;  Mr.  John  O'Connell,  Mr.  Waldron,  Mr.  Bagwell  (both  landed  proprietors  in  Tipperary),  and  Mr.  FrancisMeagher,  a  highly  talented  member  of  the  Leinster  bar.  SINGULAR  CIRCUMSTANCE.—CONFESSION  OF  MUR MURDER.7---A  DER.7---A MURDER.7---A  young  man  named  Thomas  Jarrett,  an  Englishman,  residing  at  Smithdown-lane,  Edgehill  Liverpool,  surrendered  himself  last  night  at  Sack  ville-place  station-house,  and  stated  that  he  shot  young  man,  named  Thomas  Williams,  ah  Englishman,  and  residing  near  the  Edgehill  stp stplion,  lion, stplion,  on  the  9th  instant,  at  twelve  o'clock,  noon.  The  reason  assigned  by  Jarrett  for  the  rash  act  was  the  seduction  of  his  sister  by  Williams.  He  will  be  detained  in  custody  pending  the  necessary  in inquiries  quiries inquiries  by  the  police  from  the  authorities  at  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  so  an  THE  LATE  FLOOD.—Patrick's  bridge,  Cork,  has  been  pronounced  unsafe,  even  for  foot  passengers.  The  quays  are  also  dangerous,  and  such  was  the  force  of  the  current  that  many  parts  of  the  channel  of  the  Lee  have  been  deepened  nine  and  ten  feet.  Subscriptions  for  the  relief  of  the  sufferers  are  being  collected,  and  already,  from  3,000  to  4,000  tickets  for  food,  fuel,  &amp;c.,  have  been  distributed.  The  destruction  of  six  bridges,  and  four  deaths  by  drowning,  are  reported  on  the  Blackwater.  THE  CHOLERA  ON  BOARD  THE  KOSSIITH.—The  patients  have  been  removed  to  the  hulk  provided  at  Queenstown  for  their  reception,  and  measures  taken  to  purify  - STYLE=superscript  the  ship.  From  Monday  to  Wed Wednesday  nesday Wednesday  five  deaths  occurred,  but  subsequently  no  new  cases  broke  out.  A  man  living  in  the  village  of  Whitegate,  who  went  on  board  the  Kossuth  was  seized  virulently  on  his  return  home,  and  died.  There  are  at  present  in  the  vessel  five  cases  of  cho cholera,  lera, cholera,  under  treatment,  and  seven  of  diarrhoea.  In  answer  to  the  inquiries  of  the  Mayor  as  to  quaran quarantine  tine quarantine  regulations,  the  following  reply  has  been  Dublin  Castle,  9th  Nov.,  1853  Sir,—l  am  directed  by  the  Lord  Lieutenant  to  acknow acknowledge  ledge acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  letter  of  the  7th  inst.,  informing  his  Excellency  of  the  arrival  in  Cork  harbour  of  the  ship  Kossuth,  with  650  emigrants  on  board,  many  of  whom  have  been  attacked  with  cholera  of  a  most  malignant  type  ;  and  to  acquaint  you  that  his  Excellency  is  unable  to  take  any  steps  upon  the  suggestion  of  the  Town  Council,  respecting  quarantine,  it  appearing  by  a  communication  recently  re received  ceived received  from  Mr.  Bathurst,  Clerk  of  Her  Majesty's  Privy  Council,  in  England,  that  no  quarantine  regulations  are  at  present  in  force,  in  regard  to  cholera.  _  transmitted  an  account  of  the  state  of  circumst  ic'  Isis  Excellency  ha  and  your  proposal  as  to  the  propriety  of  establishing  quaran quaranrantine  rantine quaranrantine  regulations  for  the  consideration  of  my  Lords.  His  Excellency  will  forthwith  forward  to  the  proper  quarter,  and  recommend  for  favourable  consideration  the  application  to  be  allowed  the  use  of  the  stores  at  Haul Haulbowline,  bowline, Haulbowline,  for  the  reception  of  cholera  patients,  and  also  respecting  the  stationing  of  an  hospital  ship  at  Queens Queenstown.  town. Queenstown.  also  to  acquaint  you  that  co:  ill  the  cc  forn  , STYLE=superscript  miss  - STYLE=superscript  loners.  who,  under  the  19th  section  of  the  I4th  and  15th  Vic.,  cap.  68,  are  constituted  the  Commissioners  for  execut executing  ing executing  the  provisions  of  the  Nuisance  Removal  and  Diseases  Prevention  Act,  1848,  and  will  communicate  with  the  Board  of  Guardians  and  the  Local  Committees,  as  to  the  steps  to  be  taken  in  this  emergency.—l  am,  Sir,  your  obedient  YOUNG  John  F.  Maguire,  Esq.,  Mayor  of  The  CHOLERA  SHIP  IN  BELFAST.—We.  Whig,  have  to  announce  what,  no  doubt,  our  readers  in  Belfast  will  receive  as  gratifying  intelligence,.  that  the  ship  Guiding  Star,  with  its  mutinous  Crew  and  infected  passengers,  left  our  roads  at  two  o'clock  yesterday,  in  tow,  of  the  powerful  tug  steamer  Independence,  for  Liverpool.  Since  our  last  publication  seven  further  deaths  have  taken  place  among  the  passengers,  making  a  total,  up  to  yesterday,  of  twenty-two  deaths,  while  eighteen  re remain  main remain  under  treatment  in  the  cholera  wards  of  the  Union  Hospital,  of  whom  some  are  in  very  peril perilous  ous perilous  circumstances,  and  not  expected  to  survive.  It  is  a  source  of  gratification  that  from  Monday  evening  no  further  death  was  reported  from  the  Union  Hospital—the  fatalities  that  have  taken  place  since  having  occurred  altogether  on  ship shipboard.  board. shipboard.  Norther  ATTEMPT  TO  UPSET  A  RAILWAY  TRAIN.-0/1  Sa Saturday  turday Saturday  last  as  the  quarter  past  seven  o'clock  p.m.,  train  from  Dublin,  on  the  Dublin  and  Belfast  Junction  Railway,  was  passing  about  a  mile  be beyond  yond beyond  Dundalk,  at  a  place  called  the  Red  Cow,  near  the  Castletown  Railway  bridge,  it  experienced  a  sudden  and  smart  shock,  evidently  occurring  from  some  obstruction  on  the  line.  A  little  further  on,  the  like  occurred  again,  and  at  about  two  hun hundred  dred hundred  yards  distance,  a  still  more  violent  and  dan dangerous  gerous dangerous  jolt.  These  indications  induced  extreme  caution  and  watchfulness  on  the  part  of  the  driver,  and  not  without  great  necessity,  the  night  being  very  dark,  for  on  passing  quietly  on  a  little  further  another  shock  was  felt,  and  had  the  train  been  at  its  usual  speed,  it  must  inevitably  have  been  thrown  off  the  rails.  and  pitched  down  over  an  em embankment  bankment embankment  at  least  one  hundred  feet  high,  in  which  event  the  loss  of  life  would  be  disastrous  in  the  extreme.  It  was  found  on  examination  that  four  iron  chairs,  of  the  kind  used  we  believe  in  attach attaching  ing attaching  the  iron  rails  to  the  wooden  sleepers,  were  placed  on  the  rails,  at  distances  of  about  two  hun hundred  dred hundred  yards  apart,  and  apparently  for  a  designed  and  malicious  purpose.  The  escape  of  the  train  from  being  capsized  over  the  embankment,  is  almost  miraculous.  As  far  as  can  be  at  present  ascertained,  the  two  first  of  these  were  thrown  off  the  rail  by  the  action  of  the  life  guard  attached  to  the  engine,  and  the  third  had  been  driven  be  tween  the  line  of  rails.  Most  providentially  no  accident  or  interruption  of  the  traffic  occurred,  and  the  train  was  enabled  to  pass  on  with  safety  to  Belfast.  SHIPWRECK  OF  THE  EMIGRANT  SHIP.  - STYLE=superscript  A  correspondent  in  Achill  sends  us  (Daily  Express)  the  following  particulars  of  this  melan melancholy  choly melancholy  event  Achill,  Tuesday  night.—There  has  been  a  very  sad  scene  at  the  colony  to-day.  The  California,  emigrant  ship,  which  left  Sligo  on  the  18th  of  September,  was  wrecked  about  150  miles  from  land,  on  Friday  morning  last.  The  passen passengers,  gers, passengers,  consisting  of  men,  women,  and  children,  and  crew,  left  the  vessel  in  three  boats,  two  of  which  arrived  here  (one  at  Duoch  last  night,  and  the  other  at  Dugert  this  morning),  with  sixty  persons,  about  fifteen  of  whom  have  died,  some  at  sea,  and  some  since  landing.  The  survivors  are  in  the  hotel,  hospital,  and  private  houses  in  the  colony,  in  a  most  pitiable  condition.  We  have  heard  no nothing  thing nothing  of  the  third  boat,  but  it  is  likely  she  is  safe,  as  her  crew  were  well  supplied  with  provisions,  a  compass,  &amp;c,  .  Those  poor  creatures  in  the  colony  had  notA  drop  of  fresh  water  on  board,  and  suffered  dreadfully  from  thirst.  The  vessel  sprang  a  leak,  and  went  down  331rtb4,  Otarriage4,  anti  Oratifiti.  BIRTHS  November  10,  at  New  Ferry,  the  wife  of  Clarke  Aspinall,  Esq.,  solicitor,  of  this  town,  of  a  son.  November  10,  the  wife  of  Mr.  George  Dale,  London-road,  of  a  son.  .  NIARRIAGES  November  10,  at  Childwall,  by  the  Rev.  R.  Leicester,  Ceorge,  eldest  son  of  Mr.  James  Thomas,  of  Tarbotk,  to  Alice  Ann,  only  daughter  of  Mr.  Henry  Rimmer,  of  this  town.  DEATHS.  November  10,  at  his  residence,  Price-street,  Birkenhead,  Geerge  Barnes,  Esq.j  POLICE  COURTS.  ESTE  RDA'  LIVERPOOI  CASE  OF  DAMAGE.-MT  id  Mr.  Ow  a,  and  for  the  defendant.  Imer,  and  U  summo:  he  master  for  injuiy  don  to  the  bo;  PT  the  Star  and  another  boatman  were  in  attendance  on  the`  barque  Catherine  Jenkins,  on  the  2nd  of  October,  and  while  waiting  for  the  captain,  the  Rock-ferry  steamer  Star  came  up  on  her  starboard  quarter.  Some  one  called  out  to  the  barque  to  have  the  boat  pulled  a-head,  and  at  the  same  time  the  pilot  on  board  to  the  men  to  let  go.  They  did  so,  and  almost  immediately  the  boat  came  in  contact  •-  steamer,  and  was  stove  in  aml  swamped.  were  examined  on  both  sides,  and  the  eviden  respects,  exceedingly  conflicting,  particula.  fact  whether  or  not  the  men  were  in  th  Several  witness.  steamer"
