text
"in  the  great  parish  of  laims  and  no  object  Ind  Congleton  were,  however,  struck  .hteen  ble  circumstance  iu  connection  with  ti  that  in  the  parish  of  Marylebone,  t  is  who  were  on  last  year's  in  the  parish  of  St.  Pancras,  therc  with  the  m  paying  their  assessed  the  20th  July.  The  Court  will  sit  to-da  to  royise  the  lists  for  that  parish.  ZIONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL  W  e  b  Liverpooli  Friday  Evening.  I  „  -axe  again.  to  report  the  arrival  of  40  ;  000  L  '  e  - STYLE=superscript  ces  of  geld,  value  £160,000,  by  the  Esser,  fly  Ilo  b  e STYLE=superscript  ,„  c STYLE=superscript  el,,j  ) STYLE=superscript  t  of  this  sum  the  imports  rot  thweek  81 STYLE=superscript  ams  an  increase  of  £20,000  over  the  de de'e  'e de'e  in  the  stock  of  bullion  for  the  month  ending  2, STYLE=superscript  as  compared  with  the  sane  period.  Year.  We  anticipated  this  hi  our  money  i  a  ;'  , STYLE=superscript  e  of  yesterday.  These  rapid  arrivals  of  such  d  e  „g  e STYLE=superscript  stuns  of  sp  ec  i  es  mu  s  t  sure  ly  res  to  re  conti-  I  c STYLE=superscript  e  if,  indeed,  it  has  really  been  lost  in  cotinnercial  eir eir,,c'es.  ,,c'es. eir,,c'es.  If  bullio  n  b  e  th  e  ba  s  i  s  of  our  prosperity,  11 STYLE=superscript  '  , STYLE=superscript  of  the  countries  with  which  we  are  doing  the  largest  trade,  where  can  there  be  room  for  a  doubt  as  the  perfect  stability  of  both?  di STYLE=superscript  scharg  e  its  former  fttitaiOns  in  s STYLE=superscript  the  trade  rommerce  of  the  country,  why  not  avow  nly,  and  leaVo  the  good  sense  of  the  trading  act  as  the  circumstances  require  T'  tor  ourselves  we  see  very  clearly,  that  any  7 STYLE=superscript  considerable  increase  to  our  present  stock  or STYLE=superscript  b STYLE=superscript  ullion,  must  lead  to  a  decline  in  tit  value  of  o  °ll STYLE=superscript  eY,  and  this  decrease  in  the  value  of  _Money  al  coin  for  ordinary  use  May,  and  will,  in  L,  Probability  extend  to  a  depreciation  in  the  a STYLE=superscript  tue  of  Bullion  itself.  Th  e  curren  t  quo  t  a  -'  L STYLE=superscript  eons  of  the  price  of  gold  in  the  United  :  ',  4 STYLE=superscript  ,tes  and  Australia,  all  indicate  the  pos.  Vility  of  such  an  event.  As  for  the  present  1 STYLE=superscript  ,,g  1 STYLE=superscript  1  vrires  of  gold  in  Paris  and  some  few  prayparts  of  the  continent,  they  must  give  p  ,  4.4 STYLE=superscript  ,Y  to  the  causes  which  will  operate  on  i'  4l STYLE=superscript  '  market.  If  our  prices  fall  to  the  rates  which  rule  41 STYLE=superscript  1  the  colonies,  say  £3  tBs.  Od.  per  ouneey  Pow  kkilfg  Will  Prance  or  any  other  country  be  ableor  Willing  to  Pay  the  prices  quoted  at  presents  The  heavy  ex-  Ports  of  coin  which  are  said  to  be  the  cause  of  our  t STYLE=superscript  he  apprehensions,  will  conti  nue  as  l  ong  as  die  gold-producing  countries  continue  to  •  export  l STYLE=superscript  uore  than  they  import.  To  check  this  -efflux  of  gold  then,  it  must  be  obvious  to  every  one  that  we.  do  all  in  our  power  to  ptish  hianufac hianufac!le  !le hianufac!le  oi.tntries.  There  nto  t  nIY  can  in  at  horn(  PI?ANCE  FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  IVEDIS  - STYLE=superscript  Be  DA  6,  P.M  The  prevailing  belief  hi  raris  at  this  moment  is  that  the  whole  of  the  fleets  have  been  summoned  to  ConetAhnnople,  if  not  ,actually  there;  but  thOse  nench  politicians  who  consult  the  English  journals,  and  imagined  that,  Are  i  oYiiiYig  Post  had  better  diplomatic  information  than  its  colleagues,  haye  had  thtir.  with  much  shaken  by  the  failure  of  its  ill-advised  and  too  confident  predictiOn,  twice  41,.  4-  L  tl,  .  I  A  4-1,  Russian  soholie'r  wbiAltt  have  crossed  the  Pruth.  This  has.na  been  realized  even  in  the  sense  of  the  adVithee  into  the  .Principalities.  _  •  We  read,  in  the  Consritutionnel,  the  arrival  of  our  correspondence  of  the  15th,  brought,  by  the,  steamer,  enables  us  to  fill  up  soul  d  OriliOioslnthe  note  Of  the/tionhW,  Was  thi  the  night  Of  SatOi:  day  thatour  AnibasSader,  1\1:  de  la  Cdur,  sent  the  tenth  express,  the  Nitte  - STYLE=superscript  eio,  to  BeSilia  to,  denial  - STYLE=superscript  id  df  the  two  Admirals  the  tiSsiStandeof  k)ine  large  ships,  and  in  the  13th  and  lath  two  'ships  of  each  squadron  Made  their  appearance  ;  the  English  ships  Niger  and  Tiger,  and  the  French  steam-frigates  Mogador  and  Gomer.  On  board  of  this  latter  was  the  Ad Admiral  miral Admiral  Labarbier  de  Tinan,  who  then  found  himself  in  command,  not  only  of  the  four  shipsabove-mew shipsabove-mewtiOned,  tiOned, shipsabove-mewtiOned,  but  of  six  other  steam-shills  Which  were  aF  ready  at  Constantinople,  the  frigate  Retribu Retribution  tion Retribution  and  the,  corvette  Fury  and  Caradoc,  express  fok  the  English  ;  and  the  frigate  Le  Sane,  thb  cor:  vette  Le  Chaptal,  and  the  apresslAjaccio,  for  the  .  French..  •  The  ttd'hicii  des  Debats  gives  also  in  a  postscript,  ekti'acts  from  letters  brought  by  the  Nile  steamer,  by  which  it  would  appear  that  an  address  was  really  'presented  to  the  Sultan  by  certain  Muderi.or  Pro Professors  fessors Professors  of  the  Coran,  demanding  War  with  the  in  fidels  and  quoting  VerS:oB  from  •  the  Coran  in  sup support  port support  of  theii'  Argun  - STYLE=superscript  leiitn.  ft  was,  however  soon  diseotiered  that  they'Were  in  collusion  with  the  party  of  war.a  tout  prix,  which  is  headed  by  Mehe Mehemet  met Mehemet  Ali,  the  brother-in-law  of  the  Sultan.  They  were  consequently  rebuked  by  the  -Seheik-ul-Islam;  but.  the  Ambassadors  had  become  more  alarmed  than  usual  about  the  safety  of  the  French  and  Eng English  lish English  residents,  so  M  de  la  Cour  obtained  Hit  eon eonsent  sent eonsent  of  the  Sultan  to  sttinnion  Nat  tit  the  fleet.  TM  Steck,  almost  the  Only  journal  which  . STYLE=superscript  main maintains  tains maintains  11,  sort  of  independence,  and  writes  freely  in  spite  of  government  censures,  endeavours  to  set  the  advance  of  the  fleets  in  its  true  light,  andmain andmaintains  tains andmaintains  that  the  safety  of  Christian  residents  has  never  been  in  peril  at  Constantinople,  attributing  all  reports  of  this  nature  to  Russian  intrigue.  It  says  :  Some  firm  but  respectful  remonstrances  may  have  been  addressed  to  the  Sultan,  at  the  time  when  two  members  of  the  Divan  counselled  him  to  submit  blindly  to  the  dictates  of  diplomatists,  bid  since  the  rejection  of  the  Viemia  note,  lie  has  recovered  all  his  popularity.  The  •  advance  of  the  fleets  is  a  reply  to  the  last  memorandum  of  Russia,  and  to  the  conferences  at  The  Moniteur  publishes,  in  its  official  part,  two  treaties,  one  relatinc  , STYLE=superscript  to  works  of  art  with  the  Elector  of  Hesse,  and  other  a  postal  treaty  with  the  King  of  Naples.  ..  Dispatches  from  Madrid  of  the  24th,  anounce  that  the  question  of  Marshal  Narvaez  has  been  decided.  He  may  return  to  Spain  when  he  thinks  The  Hamburgh  correspondent,  under  the  date  of  Vienna,  says  We  learn  that  the  programme  of  the  new  loan  of  the  Austrian  government  would  have  already  appeared,  had  not  the  Minister  of  Finance  considered  it  necessary  to  modify  it.  This  having  been  done,  it  will  shortly  be  published.  The  loan  will  be  contracted  abroad  ;  and  will  be  for  30  millions  of  florins.  The  market  opened  at  higher  prices,  but  fell  rapidly  on  the  receipt  of  the  English  quotations  The  prices  for  the  account  are  however  much  lower  than  for  cash.  Closing  prices  :—Three  per  Cents.,  71.10;  Four-and-a-half  per  Cents,  100.10;  Bank,  2800  ;  •  Credit  Foncier,  710.  Shares  :---Orleans,  1190;  notion,  .1005  ;  Havre,  500  ;'  'Nord,  817  ;  Stras Strasbourg,  bourg, Strasbourg,  912  ;  Bale,  370  ;  Lyons,  875.;  Mediterranean,  720  ;  Western,  700  ;  Central,  507.  The  Moiwing  Chronicle's  Paris  correspondent  says  that  intelligence  arrived  in  -Paris  on  Thursday  from  Constantinople;  to  the  19th,  via  Trieste..  It  states  that_  the  war  party  and  the  peace  party  in  the  Divan  had  become  reconciled—the  former  appa apparently  rently apparently  having  succeeded  in  getting  their  views  adopted,  The  refusal  of  Russia  was  generally  known,  and  the  Porte  still  persisted  in,  it  modifi modifications  cations modifications  to  the  Vienna  Notb.  The  armaments  which  for  a  short  period  had  •  seemed  •to  slacken  when  there  appeared  a  probability  of  an  amicable  arrangement,  had  re-commenced  with  redoubled  activity.  A  quarantine  had  been  esta established  blished established  against  all  vessels  arriving  .  from  Odessa,  under  pretext  that  the  cholera  might  be  introduced  from  that  quarter  ;  but  this  step  was  considered  by  the  public  as  a  measure  of  precaution  against  'Russian  vessels.  Further,  a  sanitary  Cordon  had  been  established  in  the  direction  of  Widdin;  this  measure  being  intended  it  was  supposed,  as  a  pre precaution  caution precaution  against  the  Russian  troops,  who  seemed  of  late  to  have  been  advancing  towards  that  point.  This  intelligence  of  the  19th,  says  nothing  of  the  entrance  up  to  that  date  of  the  rest  of  the  com combined  bined combined  squadrons.  •  M.  deKisseleff,  on  hearing  of  the  entrance  of  the  vessels  into,the  Sea  of  Marmora,  was  heard  to  say,  England  and  France  have  rendered  a  great  service  to  Russia.  We  had  signed  most  unwillingly  the  convention  relative  to  the  Straits,  Now  we  know  what  we  ought  to  do.  '  A  letter  from  Erzeroum,  4  of  the  27th  ult.,  an announces  nounces announces  the  arrival  in  that  city  of  an  .  extraordinary  courier  from  Teheran,  with  despatches  for  Con Constantinople.  stantinople. Constantinople.  It  was  stated  as  certain  that  Persia  .had  placed  at  the  disposal  of  the  Sultana  Ncorps  of  6,000  of  her  best  troops.  This  step  is  the  more  important,  as  the  Cabinet  of  St,  Petersburg  has  employed  every  means  to  isolate  Persia  from  Turkey.  On  Thursday  last,  Alderman  Sidney  was  elected  Lord  Mayor  of  London  for  the  ensuing  year.  Dispatches  were  received  at  the'  Colonial  Office  on  Thursday,  from  the  Governors  of  Van  Dieman's  Land,  Melbourne,  the  Mauritius,  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope,  and  Natal.  Despatches  were  sent  off  last  evening  from  the  Colonial  Office  to  the  ;Governors  of  the  North  American  colonies.  THE  ORLEANS  FAMILY.—The  ex-Queen  of  the  French,  accompanied  by  the  Prince  and  Princess  of  Join Joinvile,  vile, Joinvile,  their  family,  the  Duchess  de  Marmier,  General  Comte  Dumas,  .M.  and  Madame  Mussy,  and  a  numerous  suite,  ar arrived  rived arrived  at  Dover  on  Thursday  afternoon,  with  the  intention  of  embarking  for  Ostend,  but,  as  it  was  blowing  very  hard,  .the  royal  party  decided  on  sleeping  at  Birmingham's  Royal  Ship  Hotel.  THE  SHIPPING  INTEREST.—The  scarcity  of  ships  is  much  complained  of  just  now,  which  appears  an  extra extraordinary  ordinary extraordinary  circumstance  in  this  maritime  country,  especially  as  shipbuilding  has  been  extensively  carried  on  at  all  the  English  ports  for  the  last  two  or  three  years,  while,  at  the  same  time,  the  North  American  colonies  'have  not  been  idle.  According  to  a  statement  forwarded  to  us,  one  firm  alone  in  Liverpool  has  sold,  within  the  last  month,  upwards  of  ninety  colonial-built  ships,  large  and  small;  and.  at  Sunderland  and  elsewhere  shipbuilding  has  been  going  on  as  extensively  as  usual  for  some  time  past.  The  existing  scarcity  of  ship shipping  ping shipping  may  be  accounted  for  chiefly  from  the  new  trade  opened  with  our  Australian  colonies,  and  the  extension  of  steam  navigation  to  distant  countries.  The  extraordinary  influx  of  people  into  Australia  has  naturaliy  created  a  sud sudden  den sudden  and  extensive  demand  for  shipping,  not  only  for  the  purpose  of  emigration,  but  for  the  supply  of  the  emigrants  in  what  might  be  considered  a  new  country  ;  for  Australia,  although  it  has  been  for  nearly  half  a  century  a  British  colony,  was  in  no  way  prepared  to  supply  the  large  popu population  lation population  that  so  suddenly  and  unexpectedly  flocked  in  upon  it.  It  followed  that  the  demand  for  tonnage  must  be  great  beyond  precedent,  and  up  to  the  present  time  it  has  very  little  abated.  Another  circumstances  attending  this  new  trade,  which  would  create  a  temporary  scarcity,  is  the  length  of  the  voyage  ;  and,  in  many  instances,  ships  after  making  the  passage  to  Australia,  have  been  detained  there  for  mouths,  through  the  desertion  of  the  seaman  ;  some  of  the  ships  have  been  altogether  lost  to  their.  owners,  as  in  the  case  of  the  Californian  trade,  which  has  also  contributed  to  the  scarcity.  To  these  trades,  therefore  ,  is,  in  the  first  in instance,  stance, instance,  to  be  attributed,  the  temporary  difficulty  in  .  getting  the  required  tonnage.  The  increase  of  steam  navigation,  and  the  consequent  demand  for  coals  for  foreign  stations,  is  another  cause  of  the  scarcity.  Indeed  it  has  been  found  impossible  to  supply  many  of  the  intermediate  ports,  between  this  country  and  Australia  with  the  coals  required;  this  has  frequently  been  attended  with  loss  and  detention  to  the  steam  vessels  engaged  in  that  trade,  and  has  enabled  ships  which  trusted  to  canvas  alone  to  make  quicker  passages.  These,  we  think,  will  be  found  the  prominent  causes  to  which  may  be  attributed  the  scarcity  of  shipping  which  is  at  present  com complained  plained complained  of.  The  country  was  not  prepared  for  such  unex unexpected  pected unexpected  demands  coming  so  suddenly  \upon  it.  —Shipping  Gazelle."
