text
"furtherance  of  any  prospect.  (Loud  cheers.)  It  is  a  very  high  gratification,for,  as  I  said  before,  there  was  a  time  when  even  the  most  sanguine  amongst  us  was  doubtful,—to  come  to  this  period,  and  to  feel,  as  I  think  the  proceedings  of  this  meeting  give  evidence  of,  that  in  our  experiment  we  have  been  most  successful.  (Cheers).  If  no  other  result  had  occurred  from  our  exhibition  than  the  visit  of  our  gracious  Queen,  who  came  to  stamp  with  notice  and  with  dignity  her  appreciation  of  labour  and  its  results  which  were  set  before  her—labour  and  art,  and  genius,  as  displayed  in  this  Exhibition—l  think  it  would  amply  repay  us  for  all  the  trouble  we  have  had.  (Cheers).  But  Ido  hope  that  other  and  more  lasting  results  will  come  from  it  (hear,  hear).  I  hope  that,  now  we  know  the  way  and  know  what  can  be  done  by  labour,  and  by  intelligence,  and  by  genius,  having  had  not  only  our  own  but  the  kind  and  co-operative  assistance  of  exhibitors  from  all  other  countries,  that  we  will  from  this  time  go  for forward  ward forward  and  progress  in  our  manufactures.  And  Ido  hope  that  the  result  of  this  Exhibition,  which  has  been  so  kindly  and  so  efficiently  managed  by  those  gentlemen  whom  I  have  mentioned,  who  gave  up  their  time  so  kindly  in  superintending  its  arrange arrangements,  ments, arrangements,  will  prove  beneficial  to  the  country.  (Hear,  hear).  In  regard  to  that  Exhibition  I  may  justly  say  that  I  never  felt  greater  pleasure  in  any  under undertaking  taking undertaking  in  which  I  was  engaged.  (Cheers).  In  its  results  I  am  still  better  pleased,  and  if  anything  were  wanted  to  gratify  and  satisfy  me  as  to  the  value  and  the  advantages  which  the  country  has  derived  from  it,  I  would  find  it  in  the  cordial,  co cooperative,  operative, cooperative,  and  generous  tribute  which  has  been  paid  to  the  committee  and  to  myself,  by  the  exhibi exhibition  tion exhibition  this  evening.  (Cheers).  I  will  not  trespass  further  on  you,  and  I  again  beg  to  thank  you  most  humbly  and  sincerely  for  the  honour  you  have  done  me.  (Loud  cheers).  Some  other  toasts  having  been  proposed,  the  company  separated."
