text
"WIGAN.  The  following  letter  from  Mr.  Peace,  agent  to  the  Earl  of  Balcarres,  appears  in  The  Times  of  yesterday  :  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  TILE  TIMES.  Sir,—ln  your  article  on  the  Lancashire  strikes,  in  last  Saturday's  Times,  I  observe  an  error  into  which  your  re reporter  porter reporter  has  doubtless  been  led  by  misapprehension  of  the  in information  formation information  furnished  to  him  at  this  office  ;  and  I  therefore  request  the  favour  of  your  correcting  it  in  your  next  impres impression.  sion. impression.  It  is  therein  stated  that  John  Holland,  assisted  by  his  three  sons,  as  drawers,  obtained  certain  fortnightly  wages.  Now,  his  three  sons  are  not  drawers,  but  colliers,  and  they  and  their  father  have  each  a  drawer.  Taking  the  first  fortnight  in  which  they  worked  (as  shown  by  our  account)  10  days  (of  eight  hours  each  day,)  they  earned  altogether  £l3  10  6  From  th  -;  is  to  be  deducted  the  amount  paid  to  four  drawers,  at  2s.  per  day  each,  and  each  10  days'  wages  ..  0  0  Also  to  be  deducted  the  expense  of  oil..  ..  £0  2  6  Ditto  tools  ..  0  4  0  Ditto  powder  ..  0  6  9  0  13  3  13  3  Nett  earnings  ..  £8  17  3  This,  divided  by  4,  gives  for  each  man  2%.  4s  31d.;  and  this  divided  by  10,  the  number  of  days  worked,  gives  4s.  Sd.  per  day  of  eight  hours.  Again,  it  is  stated  that  the  most  industrious  miners  do  not  work  more  than  10  days  per  fort fortnight,  night, fortnight,  but  the  fact  is  that  such  miners  work  11  days  per  fortnight  ;  but,  taking  the  whole  miners,  at  any  colliery,  they  do  not  average  10  full  days  per  fortnight,  and  at  some  collieries  not  more  than  9  days.  I  remain,  Sir,  your  most  obedient  servant,  WILLIAM  PEACE.  Haigh  Colliery,  Wigan,  Nov.  14th.  Despatches  were  received  at  the  Colonial  Office  yesterday  morning  from  the  governors  of  the  Falkland  Islands  and  the  West  Coast  of  Africa.  SUPPOSED  INFANTICIDE.  — STYLE=superscript  On  Tuesday  afternoon  the  attention  of  police  constable,  Benjamin  Hassett,  on  duty  in  Church-street,  Everton,  was  called  by  a  gentleman  to  the  body  of  a  new-born  female  child  lying  exposed  in  St.  George's  church-yard,  Everton.  It  was  wrapped  in  a  white  cloth,  The  constable  removed  it  to  the  dead  house  Prince's  Dock.  Mr.  Kemp,  surgeon,  made  a  post  mortem  examination  of  the  body  and  found  that  the  cause  of  death  was  suffocation  from STYLE=superscript  pressure  upon  the  mouth,  whieh  might  have  been  caused  by  accident  or  intentional  violence.  An  inquest  was  held  yesterday  and  a  verdict  returned  of  death  by  suffocation,  but  how  produced  nolevidence  appeared.  81TRETVSBURY  RACES.-YESTERDAY.  In  the  MATCH  announced  between  Mr.  Warrington's  b.  f.  Voucher,  Bst.  and  Mr.  W.  Hutchinson's  Bushabelle,  the  former  received  forfeit.  The  COPELAND  HANDICAP,  of  5  sevs.  each,  with  60  added  18  subs.  About  three  quarters  of  a  mile.  Mr.  Dawson's  The  Merry  Monk  Aldcroft.  Mr.  Halford's  Topsy  Hughes.  Dead  heat.  Second  race  won  by  a  l  eng  th,  The  MARKMOOR  STAKES  of  3  sous.  with  20  added.  Mr.  E.  Fenning's  b.  g.  Tonic  Charlton,  Mr.  Drinkald's  gr.  c.  Grey  Tommy  Won  easily  by  dlength.  The  SEVERN  STAKES  of  2  sovs.  each,  with  20  added,  15  subs.  Twice  round.  Mr.  Hutchinson's  b.  f.  Jujube  Mr.  Cowell's  b.  f.  Effie  Deans.  Won  easy.  ,  The  GRAND  ANNUAL  STEEPLE  CHASE  of  5  sovs.  each,  2  ft.  with  50  sovs.  added.  16  subs.  To  run  over  about  four  miles.  Mr.  Evans's  b.  g.  Bourton  aged  Task  er.  Mr.  Land's  The  General  aged  Darling.  Sir.  Edward  Smythe's  bl.  g.  Peter  aged  Sly."
