text
"LIVERPOOL  CORN  EXCHANGE.-YESTERDAY.  The  heavy  fall  of  snow  noted  on  Tuesday  last,  was  fol followed  lowed followed  by  a  very  hard  frost  and  the  continuance  of  a  strong  adverse  wind  until  yesterday,  when  it  came  partially  round  from  the  west,  and  though  it  may  remain  favourable,  some  days  must  necessarily  elapse  before  the  large  number  of  Corn  vessels,  long  detained  at  sea,  can  arrive.  In  the  meantime  we  have  to  report  about  3,000  qrs  Wheat,  and  11,000  brls  Flour  from  America,  with  some  parcels  of  the  former  from  Spain  and  Russia,  most  of  which  arrived  in  the  early  part  of  the  week.  The  fresh  supply  from  Ireland  consists  chiefly  of  Oats  and  Oatmeal  ;  while  the  general  exports  of  the  last  few  days  are  lighter  than  usual.  Deprived  since  Tuesday  last  of  any  substantial  imports,  buyers  have  been  necessitated  to  come  forward,  and  though  -nle  hws  been  limited,  in  the  interval  from  freely  taken  both  . STYLE=superscript  Wheat  and  _.:ce  upon  our  late  quotations,  for  mediate  wants;  some  quantity  of  has  also  found  purchasers,  and  eager  disposition  to  buy  Indian  is  the  better  descriptions,  a  fair  ig  changed  hands.  Most  of  the  Ited  rather  higher  this  week,  but  •  to  move.  'as  largely  attended,  especially  by  of  foreign  WHEAT  samples  was  2e,  more  particularly  of  pi  ime  q  -  'been  excited,  and  a  considerable  business  done  in  all  descriptions  of  this  grain,  everything  P4_TB00029 the  choice  of  samples  hLs  be  -  our  laiitatstAket  they  have  4  , STYLE=superscript  ,,;  ;.:  Flour;  evo,at  i  ga.l3  - STYLE=superscript  ,i  , STYLE=superscript  advanc(  ;.-  the  zupplY  .  - STYLE=superscript  4  -our_  American-FW:ol6passage  we  noticol  !  la(*lea  more  Corn,  of  int  16;  as  well  al  .t  :  amount  or  ,  irtall  havinf  interior  mat  -;3i  Me  quote  ..,..:  -  thou  of  ,S(4  407ase  slow  t  47-  -trioiliing  - STYLE=superscript  k  , STYLE=superscript  rftarket  wt  -.ctilluitilkOrs,.  the  choice  1  o  )mpatittiVely  very  meagre  qualities  :  the  trade_  has  bo"
