text
"defendant,  Fort  BOARD  AND  LODOINGS.--In  this  action  Thomas  Coats  was  the  plaintiff,  and  Mary  Sadler,  the  wife  of  John  Sadler,  was  the  defendant.  The  plaintiff  appeared  in  person,  and  said,  I  want  £lO  2s.  6d.  for  board  and  lodging.  She  (defendant)  was  in  my  house  five  weeks.  She  had  board,  washing,  and  lodging,  and  I  lent  her  £6.  Tier  husband  promised  to  pay  me  the  amount.  She  went  home  and  got  £3OO,  and  when  she  came  back  she  said  she  would  not  pay  me  a  farthing.  I  worked  very  hard  for  the  money,  and  not  having  it  to  pay  my  rent,  my  goods  were  taken  from  me.  The  jury,  without  hesitation,  returned  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  full  amount  claimed.  CLAIM  AGAINST  A  LIFE  ASSURANCE  CODIPANY.---LAWTON  P.  THE  WELLINGTON  LIFE  ASSURANCE  COMPANY.  —The  doneclaratiohatn  John  Lawt  stated  that  t  he  plaintiff  w  as  M  ary  Ann  Law LawhadbTo,  hadbTo, LawhadbTo,  her  husand,  ,  insured  his  lif  e  i  n  the  above  offic  prior  to  hi  s  d  eath  e  :for  24/,  and  that  the  company  had  accepted  the  assurance  and  had  given  him  a  policy.  For  the  defendant  it  was  pleaded  that  the  deceased  had  made  a  false  representation,  by  stating  that  his  age  was  47,  when  in  fact  he  was  only  49,  therefore  she  was  only  entitled  to  half  the  amount,  which  amount  was  paid  into  court.  The  defendants  not  being  able  to  make  out  this  plea,  a  verdict  was  given  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  remaining  121.  CLAIM  FOR  COMMISSION.—SHAND  V.  j  AcoEs.  —  ln  this  case  the  plaintiff  had  agreed  to  pay  the  defendant  a  cer certain  tain certain  commission,  provided  he  procured  him  a  certain  public  house.  The  landlord  would  not  accept  him  as  the  tenant,  but  the  defendant  refused  to  pay  over  the  deposit  placed  in  his  hands.  Verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  balance  of  the  deposit.  The  court  then  adjourned  until  this  morning.  REDUCTION  IN  THE  PRICE  OF  BREAD.—On  Monday  morning  the  bakers  generally  throughout  the  metropolis  made  a  reduction  of  one  halfpenny  in  the  price  of  the  41b.  loaf.  The  best  bread  varies  from  101  to  11d.  per  4lbs.  A  proportionate  reduction  in  the  price  of  flour.  The  Press.,  re-publishes  the  following  advertisement  from  a  cotemporary  A  young  man  drawn  under  the  con.  script.ion,  and  to  join  the  ranks  on  the  18th  instant,  having  no  relish  for  the  military  profession,  wishes  to  marry  somebody  who  can  procure  him  a  substitute.--Address  A.  8.,  REPRESENTATION  OF  ROCRESTER.--MF.  Bodkin  and  Mr.  Martin  are  both  canvassing  at  Rochester,  and  the  contest  appears  likely  to  be  a  close  one.  Mr.  Bodkin  expresses  his  desire  to  support  the  government  in  their  effective  prosecution  of  the  war.  ACCIDENT  TO  THE  EAnr:OF  LIADDINGTON.  - STYLE=superscript  --This  vener venerable  able venerable  nobleman  was  taking  his  usual  airing  on  horseback,  on  Saturday  last,  when  the  animal  came  down  on  its  side  and  rolled  upon  his  lordship.  Tho  ug  h  very  much  bruised,  his  lordship  is  going  on  very  favourably,  —Berwick  Warder.  HEREFORD  CITY.—We  are  informed  that  Mr:  Thomas  Evans,  of  Sutton,  near  Hereford,  a  local.  attorney  of  some  influence,  has  consented  to  be  pat  in  nomination  for  the  va vacancy  cancy vacancy  occasioned  by  the  bankruptcy  of  Sir  E.  Price.  Mr.  Evans  is  a  Conservativo.  TILE  STATE  OF  THE  EASTERN  COUNTIES  LINE.  ---The  re report  port report  of  Lieut.-  col..  Wynne,  the  officer  appointed  by  the  Let  d  o STYLE=superscript  of  the  Cormpittee  of  Privy  Council  for  Trade,  to  in inspect  spect inspect  the  line  of  railway  between  London,  Cambridge,  and  Norwich,  has  .  been  published.  The  wooden  bridges  and  via viaducts  ducts viaducts  on  the  lino  between  Colchester  and  Norwich  are  very  numerous.  Not  says  Colonel  Wynne,  all  the  bridges  require  to  be  strutted,  the  ends  of  the  longitudinal  timbers  being  in  many  their  thickness  instances  decayed  thr  oug  h  h  a  l  t  ,  but  the  extent  of  the  decay  requires  to  be  fully  ascertained,  especially  at  the  bearing  parts,  where  the  decay  is  always  the  greatest,  and  the  results  to  bo  apprehended  the  most  - STYLE=superscript  serious.  This  cannot  be  satisfac satisfactorily  torily satisfactorily  done,  at  least  in  the  largo  bridges,  without  relieving  one  half  of  the  bridge  from  the  traffic,  while  the  oth  er  half  is  unde  rgo  i  ng  examination.  The  great  deterioration  these  bridges  have  undergone  from  the  ravages  of  deTaY,  with  the  consequent  reduction  of  original  .  strength,  is  a  condition  of  thing  s  t  o  cause  the  most  ser  ious  apprehen apprehension,  sion, apprehension,  and  until  every  bridge  has  undergone  a  careful  o  ver verhauling  hauling verhauling  in  the  m  anner  I  h  ave  suggeste  d,  I  am  of  opinion  that  the  publi  c  cannot  travel  over  the  railway  bet  ween  Lond  on  .  Cambridge,  an  d  N  orw  i  c  h  without  ineurrtug  ser  ious  risk.  The  be STYLE=superscript  p  r STYLE=superscript  e  s STYLE=superscript  w  of STYLE=superscript  on  o STYLE=superscript  e  ld STYLE=superscript  s  _  sl STYLE=superscript  e  e  v  e  i  p  d  e  e  r  n  s  ee  h  d  av  b  e  y  be  t  e  h  n  e  result  of  myexamination  of  the  permanent  way  was  to  show  that,  while  vast  numbers  along  the  line  in  different  removed  and  replaced  rs  l STYLE=superscript  a  yi STYLE=superscript  s  n STYLE=superscript  t  g STYLE=superscript  ate  of  decay  such  as  I  have  p  gr  la  e  c  a  e  t  s  r  a  l  n  es  d  o  w  f  h  o  i  l  e  d  h  s  w  ie  e  e  r  p  e  e  rarely  met  with,  numbers  .  yet  remain  in  the  line  quite  as  Although  this  is  a  matter  of  serious  moment,  much  gone.  it  is  not  so  bad  as  that  of  the  bridges;  for  the  sleepers,  ,_  though  much  decayed,  have  some  soundness  at  the  coTe,  and  the  danger STYLE=superscript  could  be  met  for  the  time  by  maintaining  a  greatly  reduced  speed  over  the  line.  Should  the  perma permanent  nent permanent  way  not  be  renewed  till  after  the  reparation  of  t  he  bridges,  is  completed,  it  will  be  ne  cessary  ,  f  or  the  publ  ic  safcly,.to  prescrib  e  li  m  i  ts  to  the  speed  of  the  trains.  A  large  section  of  the  line  south  of  Cambridge  I STYLE=superscript  found  wet  and  scantily"
