text
"oue  way  or  the  other  It  is,  in  fact,  contradictory,  as,  by  the  way,  most  of  our  charming  Emperor's  acts  are,  when  he  is  striving  at  any  object  which,  for  any  reason,  he  chooses  to  keep  secret  for  a  time.  On  the  one  hand,  lam  positively  assured,  and  by  an  authority  not  inferior  to  that  which  I  had  occasion  to  cite  the  other  day,  and  which  was  to  the  same  effect,  that  the  Emperor  no  more  means  making  peace,  than  he  contem contemplates  plates contemplates  abdication,  and  that  his  reason  for  tolerating  a  demonstration  of  peace  is  to  make  the  people  willing  to  subscribe  to  the  new  loan,  which  he  will  shortly  have  to  raise,  whether  there  be  peace  or  war.  It  is  added  that  the  Emperor  and  Lord  Pal Palmerston  merston Palmerston  are  thoroughly  agreed  as  to  the  conditions  which  are  to  be  exacted  from  Russia,  in  addition  to  those  proposed  by  Austria—and  that  in  every  thing  that  may  arise  in  the  approaching  confer  ences,  their  agents  will  act  cordially  together.  On  the  other  hand,  I  believe  that  there  is  no  doubt  that  the  Emperor  has  for  his  part  granted,  or  at  least  expressed  his  readiness  to  grant,  an  armis armistice  tice armistice  to  Russia  ;  and  it  is  asserted  that  he  has  done  this  in  spite  of  the  earnest  remonstrances  of  the  English  government.  I  am  further  told,  that  when  he  received  a  telegraphic  despatch  from  Vienna,  announcing  that  Russia  had  not  accepted  the  Aus Austrian  trian Austrian  propositions,  and  that  in  consequence  Austria  meant  to  recal  her  ambassador,  he  was  greatly  annoyed,  and  telegraphed  to  the  Austrian  cabinet  to  act  with  the  greatest  caution.  Be,  however,  the  real  views  of  the  French  Emperor  what  they  may,  certain  it  is  that  the  mot  d'ordre  to  all  official  dignitaries  is  to  show  them themselves  selves themselves  in  favour  of  peace,  and  to  speak  of  it  as  certain,  The  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs  speaks  to  that  effect  to  everybody  who  approaches  him  ;  so  do  his  colleagues,  and  the  prefects  of  depart.  ments  have  been  ordered  to  employ  similar  language.  As  to  the  semi-official  news newspapers,  papers, newspapers,  and  the  correspondence  in  'daily  news newspapers  papers newspapers  of  semi-official  agents,  they  are  scandalously  favourable  to  peace  at  any  cost,  and  speak  of  Rus Russia  sia Russia  in  terms  of  respect,  and  of  England  in  terms  of  contempt,  which  are  absolutely  revolting,  Indeed  the  language  of  the  whole  French  press,—of  all  parties,  with,  however,  the  single  exception  of  the  Siecle,  the  Republican  organ,  is  perfectly  disgrace.  ful—such  a  craven  desire  does  it  manifest  for  peace—so  infamous  is  the  manner  in  which  it  refers  to  England.  It  is  again  stated  to-day,  and  more  positively  than  yesterday,  that  Prussia  will  be  admitted  to  the  conferences.  provided  she  will  take  the  engage•  ment  to  fight  Russia  in  the  event  of  peace  not  being  concluded.  The  German  papers  assert  that  no  indemnity  is  to  be  demanded  from  Russia;  but  it  is  said  that  evan  if  England  and  France  consent  not  to  e  3  for  themselves,  they  will  require  one  for  Sardinia,  and  another  for  Turkey.  Official  returns  published  to-day,  show  that  the  Customs  duties,  in  1855,  amounted  - STYLE=superscript  to  189,704.690  francs,  in  1854  to  150,587,301  francs,  and  in  1853  to  141,607,552  francs  THr!,  CRIM2A.  A.  gale  all  —Camp,  Sebastopol,  January  7.  the  huts  have  stool  well  ;  the  tempe tempemiH  miH tempemiH  ;  sn  , STYLE=superscript  ,v  melting  and  disappearing  in  copious  streams  along  the  ravines  sloping  down  to towards  wards towards  the  roadstead.  Yesterday,  on  the  other  hand,  it  was  severely  cold.  It  is  understood  that  as  soon  as  Practicable,  steps  will  be  taken  to  blow  up  and  completely  destroy,  the  ships  which  were  sunk  by  th^  Russians  at  the  time  of  the  evacuation.'  If  the  opportunity  Were  given,  there  seems  little  doubt  but  that  some  of  them  could  be  hereafter  raised  by  the  Russians;  and,  at  any  rate,  much  valuable  property  could  be  recovered  by  them  without  much  expenditure  of  labour  or  money.  The  .56th  regiment  has  p.ot  a  most  comfortable  reading-room  ;  and  on  Saturday  the  officers  of  the  90th  opened  their  billiard-room.  --Daily  News.  The  Times  says  :—lf  we  refuse  an  armistice  it  will  be  worth  while  for  Russia  to  negociate  for  the  sake  of  negociation,  and  apply  all  the  wily  arts  of  which  she  is  the  mistress,  to  protract  the  breathing  time  allowed  her,  and  to  use  threats,  promises,  and  intrigues,  to  sow  evasions  in  the  councils  of  the  Allies  and  among  the  German  States.  To  us  it  is  of  very  great  importance  that  our  councils  should  not  be  distracted  by  a  state  of  things  which  is  neither  the  one  nor  the  other,  but  the  whole  advantage  of  which  is  with  our  enemy  and  against  us.  The  best  and  first  proof  that  we  can  ask  of  Russian  sincerity  is,  that  the  Czar  should  be  content  to  negociate  without  requiring  a  suspension  of  hostilities.  This  will  be  a  proof  that  negnciation  is  not  to  him  a  feint,  but  means  that  the  object  he  has  in  view  is  peace  itself,  and  not  intrigue  or  delay.  At  a  European  conference,  like  that  now  impending,  there  is  but  one  man,  who  could  worthily  represent  us,  in  whose  hands  every  Englishman  would  feel  con confident  fident confident  the  destinies  of  the  country  were  safe,  and  in  the  presence  of  whose  long  experience  and  firm  resolution  no  diplomatic  tour  de  force  would  he  attempted.  If  the  negociation  is  to  be  long  it  ought  net  to  be  entered  into  ratiire  has  be  at  all  ;  if  it  is  to  be  shUit,  no  man  is  so  fit  to  conduct  it  as  Lord  .  Palmerston.  The  Prime  Minister  of  England,  the  leader  of  the  ,House  of  Commons,  is  also  at  this  moment  the  complete  representative  of  the  feeling  and  spirit  of  the  English  people,  arid  in  that,  the  highest  character  of  the  three,  we  trust  he  will  not  refuse  his  services  to  the  nation  which  he  has  saved  from  disgrace,  and  conducted  to  victory.--Times.  The  Siecle  is  the  only  Paris  paper  which  does  not  express  its  joy  and  satisfaction  at  the  prospect  of  pea  ce  .  The  other  journals  criticise  rather  sharply  the  opinions  of  the  English  journals  ;  and  at  present  there  is  a  great  estrangement  of  opinion  between  the  London  and  Paris  press.  -  The  Derry  Sentinel  intimates  that  Admiral  Jonesis  about  to'retire  from  the  representation  of  the  county  of  London Londonderry;  derry; Londonderry;  and,  accordingly,  Major  Miller,  of  Moneymore,  has  addressed  the  electors  as  proxy  for  a  gentleman  (anony (anonymous)  mous) (anonymous)  who  proposes  to  offer  himself  for  the  suffrages  of  the  conservative  electors.  THE  ATTEMPT  TO  POISON  A  WSFE.—Thomas  Robson,  who  was  remanded  by  the  magistrates  at  the  Manor  police-court,  Newcastle,  on  a  charge  of  having  attempted  to  poison  his  wife,  was  brought  up  again  on  Friday,  when  Jane  Temperly  gave  her  evidence,  sheaving  a  motive  for  this  atrocious  act.  She  stated  that  she  was  twenty-seven  years  of  age,  and  resided  in  the  village  of  Acomb,  near  Hexham.  She  kaew  the  prisoner  by  the  name  of  William  Wilson.  She  became  acquainted  with  him  about  July,  and  continued  to  keep  his  company  until  the  first  week  in  November.  He  paid  his  addresses  to  her,  and  expressed  a  wish  to  marry  her.  He  represented  himself  as  an  unmarried  man.  His  wife  came  to  Acomb,  and  the'ac the'acqualutance  qualutance the'acqualutance  then  broke  off.  She  had  no  more  interviews  with  him  after  his  wife  came:Ro  Acomb.t  ;The  prisoner  was  committed  for  trial  at  the  assizes,  charged  with  administering  sugar  of  lead  to  his  wife  with  a  view  to  kill  her.  PASKIEWITCH.—According  to  advices  from  Warsaw,  the  doctors  have  pronounced  the  case  of  Prince  Paskie Paskiewitch,  witch, Paskiewitch,  cancer  of  the  breast,  to  be  hopelessly  incurable.  Baron  Klotz,  nevertheless,  tries  magnetic  treatment.  COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF  OF  THE  WEST  INDIES.—It  iS  reported  that  Rear-admiral  Fanshawe,  C.  8.,  Commander Commanderin-Chief  in-Chief Commanderin-Chief  on  the  West  India  station,  has  applied  to  be  superseded  on  the  score  of  ill  health,  and  that  he  will  be  succeeded  by  Rear-admiral  Sir  Michael  Seymour,  K.C.B.  —United  Servirl  Gazette.  THE  INCOME  TAX  AND  THE  WAR.—On  Friday  evening  a  numerous  meeting  of  the  inhabitants  of  Birmingham  was  held  in  the  Town-hall,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  con consideration  sideration consideration  the  present  unjust  operation  of  the  tax  upon  income,  with  a  view  to  its  more  equitable  adjustment  and  imposition.  Mr.  Arthur  Ryland  was  called  to  the  chair.  Among  those  present  were—Mr.  Muntz,  M.P..  Mr.  Schole Scholefield,  field, Scholefield,  M.P.,  Mr.  T.  A.  Attwood,  Mr.  T.  C.  Salt,  Mr.  Geo.  Downing,  Mr.  Brool  3  Smith,  Mr.  C.  Sturge,  and  other  influential  inhabitants  of  the  borough.  A  series  of  reso resolutions  lutions resolutions  were  passed  in  accordance  with  the  objects  of  the  meetinc,  which  then  separated.  — STYLE=superscript  Theiineen  who  has  manifested  such  sympathy  for  the  sick  and  wounded  by  presents  of  various  kinds,  has  again  sought  to  lighten  the  monotony  of  hospit  a  l  routine,  by  se  nding  several  copies  of  appropriate  songs  for  the  amusement  of  the  inmates  of  the  General  Hospital,  Fort  Fitt."
