text
"Pulpit  drum  we  have  presented  to  us  topics  of  unwearying  in interest  terest interest  and  public  importance,  handled  in  quite  a  masterly  manner.  The  present  number  opens  with  an  interesting  article  on  the  National  Health  ;  so  a  propos  at  this  very  moment,  when  cholera  is  desolating  some  districts,  and  threatening  the  deso desolation  lation desolation  of  others.  We  commend  it  for  its  bold  speaking,  as  well  as  its  forcible  and  energetic  advo advocacy  cacy advocacy  of  more  extensive  sanitary  measures.  We  particularly  recommend  the  following  to  the  earnest  attention  of  all  Commissioners  of  Sewers  :  thew  cesspool  sewers,  and  huge  stagnant  revs  •-  voirs  of  fcetid  mud  ;  from  these  vast  retorts  generating  foul  air,  we  see  landlord  avarice,  and  selfishness  in  other  shapes,  sending  up  into  the  atmosphere  the  raw  material  of  all  epi epidemics,  demics, epidemics,  (as  American  slavery  sends  us  cotton),  to  be  woven  up  into  manifold  textures—typhus,  small-pox,  erysipelas,  dysentery,  cholera,  the  mournful  fabrics  of  misery,  sewed  by  the  sweating  system'  into  ever  ready-made  garments  of  death.  Yes,  as  the  Hindoo  sorcerers  say,  in  the  drain  dwells  the  sewer-fiend,  and  thence  his  breath  issues  up  through  gully  -shoots'  and  man-holes,'  (the  very  words  have  a  ghastly  smack  with  them)  and  thence  he  steals,  during  the  silent  watches  of  the  night,  when  doors  and  windows  are  closed,  and  the  children  of  toil  sleep  the  sleep  of  the  weary,  and  the  demon  breathes  over  them;  and  the  strong  hand  of  the  father  relaxes,  the  young  children  pine  away,  and  the  pale  mother  and  her  new-born  infant  droop  and  die.  But  as  in  the  small,  clean,  cheap,  effectual  pipe-drainage,  the  rats  can  no  longer  preserve  their  footing,  and  are  decamping  from  the  country  towns  to  which  the  Health  Act.  has  been  applied,  up  to  their  impregnable  citadel  of  London,  and  the  protec protection  tion protection  of  the  Commissioners  of  Sewers,—so,  by  means  of  syphon-traps,  and  water  at  high  pressure,  to  flush  all  out  and  away  from  human  habitations,  to  be  spread  over  distant  fields  and  gardens,  the  sewer-fiend  may  also  be  banished  from  the  precincts  of  man  ;  and  whatsoever  mortality  it  may  please  Almighty  God  to  require  from  us,  that  which  arises  from  filth  and  foul  air,  (probably  one  half  of  the  whole),  will,  at  least  be  driven  Here  is  a  specimen  of  plain  out-speaking,  and  from  such  a  quarter  too  !  We  cannot  help  remarking  on  the  droll,  patronising,  apologetic  way  in  which  some  very  good  people,  recent  con converts  verts converts  to  health  measures,  speak  of  the  operations  of  sanitary  reformers.  They  carefully  apprise  their  readers  and  hearers,  that  the  prerogative  of  life  and  death  is  by  no  means  sought  to  be  taken  away  from  the  Supreme  Disposer  of  events  by  the  Health  Act.  Well-meaning  ignorance,  even  among  religious  people,  will  soon  accommodate  itself  to  the  true  laws  of  health,  as  a  few  years  ago  it  had  to  accommodate  itself  to  the  new  We  next  Co  - STYLE=superscript  me  to  a  glowing  picture  of  the  fright frightful  ful frightful  misery  abounding  in  a  few  notorious  metropoli metropolitan  tan metropolitan  districts.  We  can  ourselves  guarantee  its  truthfulness.  It  would,  however,  be  well  for  us  to  look  nearer  home,  and  observe  whether  or  no  such  scenes  as  are  herein  desbribed,  be  not  as  justly  appli applicable  cable applicable  to  our  Northern  towns,  and  perhaps  with  more  melancholy  and  terrible  appropriateness  :  Let  us  now  glance  at  the  Report  of  Dr.  Sutherland  on  the  district  of  St.  Giles's  and  St.  George's,  Bloomsbury,  '  We  willingly  admit  that  these  are'not  attractive  topics  ;  and  this,  indeed,  is  the  chief  reason  they  are  so  little  known  or  heeded  by  the  comfortable,  healthy  public  ;  but  those  who  wish  to  cure  this  canker  which  is  eating  into  England,  must  probe  it  to  the  bottom,  and  make  themselves  familiar,  as  a  physician  does  in  individual  ailments,  with  all  the  symptoms  of  the  disease.  St.  Giles's  is  a  world-wide  proverb  for  misery,  destitu destitution,  tion, destitution,  and  crime.  Before  the  Rookery  was  pulled  down,  it  was  one  of  the  sights  of  the  metropolis,  and  the  district  still  supplies  localities  in  which,  the  timid  country  visitor  gazes  as  he.  would  into  one  of  the  lower  circles  of  Dante's  'Hell.'  Misery's  darkest  cavern'  is  ever  painted  here  :---  Where  hopeless  Anguish  pours  his  groan,  And  lonely  Want  retires  to  die.'  The  burly  reckless  burglar,  his  brute  strength  steeped  in  drunkenness  by  day,  strides  down  Church-  s  t  ree  t  t  o  th  e  gin ginpalace  palace ginpalace  as  the  winter  evening  closes  ;  the  unknown  murderer,  being  roused  with  fear  of  suspicion  --the  far-off  provincial  newspaper,  which  contains  his  description,  and  offers  a  re reward  ward reward  for  his  capture,  in  his  pocket—follows  stealthily  behind  ;  here,  a  young  girl,  from  whose  flushed,  faded  features,  all  the  heaven  that  lay  round  them  in  their  infancy  has  not  yet  faded  ;  and  there  a  worn-out  haggard  woman  of  thirty  who  was  once---though  her  own  mother  could  not  now  look  in  her  face  and  recall  it---the  belle  of  a  Warwickshire  village,  with  a  puny  wrinkled  child,  that  looks  like  an  infantile  old  man,  in  her  arms  ;  these,  with  the  common-herd  of  common  wretches  who  haunt  the  epidemic  districts  of  life,  form  the  population  of  this  fever  den  of  the  metropolis  of  the  world.  How  much  of  the  wretchedness  and  vice  which  have  so  long  given  a  bad  distinction  to  St.  Giles',  is  owing  to  the  filth,  over-crowding,  and  want  of  the  common  requi requisites  sites requisites  for  decency,  it  is  impossible  to  tell;  but  the  history  of  all  the  unimproved,  as  well  as  that  of  the  improved  dwellings  of  the  poor,  both  in  the  metropolis  and  provincial  towns,  as  we  shall  show,  demonstrates  that  a  very  large  portion  of  the  suffering,  death,  vice—yes,  and  crime,  is  to  be  traced  to  the  reckless  cupidity  and  total  disregard  of  the  health  and  morals  of  their  tenantry,  displayed  by  the  owners  of  the  bad  house-property,  in  which  the  unhappy  and  helpless  creatures  We  well  know  that  such  scenes  as  these  herein  depicted,  are  not  exclusively  confined  to  London,  but  abound  in  almost,  if  not  in  every  large  town  in  England  ;  of  which  the  recent  disgusting  disclosures  with  reference  to  Newcastle,  are  suffi sufficient  cient sufficient  and  startling  evidences.  We  shall  close  our  review  with  the  following  sweeping  censures  levied  Then,  as  to  education.  At  the  opening  of  the  Free  Library,  at  Manchester,  on  the  18th  of  October,  1852.  Mr.  Pollock  said,  he  believed  if  there  was  any  class  to  whom  it  was  of  peculiar  and  essential  importance  to  know  the  rights  and  privileges  possessed  by  the  meanest  inhabitants  of  the  country,  it  was  more  important  to  the  poor  than  the  rich,  to  the  miserable  and  degraded  in  worldly  circumstances,  than  to  the  wealthy  and  enlightened.'  Such,  sentiments  as  these  are  often  u  meetings,  and  are  often  •  applauded.  But  1  are  these  rights  of  the  miserable  and  the  enter  a  well-ventilated  free  library  or  ci  listen  to  doctrines  they  cannot  comprehene  their  dens  of  disease  ?  One  would  think  of  their  first  and  most  essential  ri  L  fresh  air.  The  respectable  library-going  working  men  arc  not  the  representatives  of  their  class,  still  less  of  those  nr;  able  and  degraded  ones  to  whom  the  speaker  ref  ,- STYLE=superscript  tens  of  thousands  of  the.poor,  miserable,  and  de  a  purer  atmosphere,  and  - STYLE=superscript  less  squalid  homes  where  but  among  books  ;  it  is  only  the  long  for  the  luxury  of  the  intellectual  atmospt  library.  •cd  at  public  .t,  let  us  ask,  traded  ?  To  ghts  was  o  return  to  t  all  events,-  one  graded,  want  they  are  any  xceptional  men  who  e  of  th  4.,  free  Yet  follow  home  many  of  these  decent-looking  inert  reading  at  the  tables;  or  boys  seated  on  the  floor  because  the  tallies  are  full,  and  you  will  find  most  of  them  passing  through  the  filthiest  lanes  to  homes  around  which  the  daughter  or  mother  arc  exposed  to  degrading  and  demoraliz-  ing  - STYLE=superscript  scenes,  and  where  children  are  lyinJ  of  preventible  diseases.  The  libraries  !  Most  benevolent  are  their  founders  ;'  but  the  danger  is  of  satisfying  their  benevolent  sentiment  with  this  alone,  The  skinning  over  of  the  malignant  wound  that  is  eating  into  the  social  life  of  England,  is  too  much  the  sur surgery  gery surgery  of  the  benevolence  of  the  day  ?  If  the  . STYLE=superscript  Samaritans  of  society  will  probe  the  wound,  they  .  will  find  it  too  deep:for  this  artificial  surgery.  In  this,  as  in  all  medical  and  surgical  malady,  we  must  begin  with  sound  measures  of  general  hvfrjene  Give  our  working-men  flagged  courts,  and  syphon syphontapped  tapped syphontapped  tabular  sewers,  with  water  at  high  pressure,.  or  rather  procure  them  the  liberty  of  paying  the  two-pence  a aweek  week aweek  which  will  buy  all  this,  and  they  will  soon  cease  to  require  the  charity  of  free  libraries,  for  they  will  establish  libraries  of  their  own.  Infant  and  ragged  schools,—can  anything_  be  more  excellent  ?  Yes,  to  save  the  lives  of  as  many  infants  among  the  poor  as  now  survive  to  come  to  the  schools  ;  to  arrest  the  fevers  and  consumptions  which  fill  the  schools  with  ragged  children—this  is  more  excellent  :  to  do  this,  will  alone  enable  present  benevolence  to  go  further  and  do  more.  d  leave  Ariest  n  educating  a  st  ravages"
