text
".hbouring  town  ;  but  ac-  :ng  may  exist  is  uncertain.  'our  Lordship  can  adopt  ,o  an  arrangement.  We  not  rest  with  us.  tines,  and  formed  )  set  us  the  example  ?  If  we  have  ap apiled  iled apiled  to  public  opinion,  and  enlisted  its  sympathy,  who  owed  us  the  value  of  it,  when  it  could  be  used  for  their  [lave  col  amon  :st  our-  ;lees  some  few  hundred  pounds  in  a  week,  who  used  to  giv(  ieir  thousands  ?  If  we  were  so  foolish  as  to  believe  trad(  ?od,  who  told  us  so  ?  Or  of  we  wished  to  (  e  certain  to  participate  in  joy  its  .e  now  punish-  !,  and  placing  Credit  in  ou,  in  conclusion,  that  though  cannot  linments  that  our  will  find  us  always  prepared  lie  memorial  was  signed  by  the  chairman  on  behalf  of  COLLIERS  STRIKE  AT  WIGAN.  WIGAN,  THURSDAY  NIGHT.  •an  district  are  now  at  full  - STYLE=superscript  '^ithew  House  at  Pendle Pendleto  to Pendleto  Messrs.  W.  50  colliers,  and  many  drawers,  uc  strike.  In  no  case  have  ,urn-outs  succeeded  in  obtaing  any  advance  whatever.  may  also  be  mentioned  that  the  colliery  belonging  to  the  latn  John  Darlington,  at  Coppull,  near  Aliers  in  the  Wi  k,  with  .c  exception  of  N  ind  Bispham  at  Orrell,  both  belonging  ind  Co.,  who  employed  about  2  I)ef  men  not  having  gone  to  work  ed  in  the  Wigan  district.  rprietors  and  their  repre repreiv  iv repreiv  last)  '  was  held  this  Peaece,  manager  to  the  There  was  ivies'  (postpone  at  eleven  ,ud  the  prOceedings  lasted  about  two  tours..  It  appear(  hat  the  colliers  wei  Lion  of  the  meeting  hat  they  could  effect  tial  st  Igainst  Alessi&amp;  Branckers  and  Co.,  f  successful,  might  be  the  forerunner  of.  ()the'  strikes;  though  the  masters  seemed  reluctantly  t  again  to  a-general  closing  of  the  pits,  yet  ,it  was  thA  n  r.  •  .  ''-*1  ought  to  adhere  to  passed  at  previous  meetings,  to  act  in  concert  attempt  on  the  part  of  .the  men  to  gain  an  ad admy  my admy  of  them.  It  was  therefore  resolved  that  all  the  employers,  who  are  members  of  the  association,  should  give  notice  to  the  men  in  their  employment,  that  if  the  miners  did  not  return  to  work  at  Walthew  House  and  Bispham  Colleries,  the  whole  of  their  pits  .would  be  closed  that  day  fortnight  (Dec.  Ist)  the  meeting  was  also  adjourned  to  that  day  fortnight.  There  was  no  crowd,  and  not  even  a  group  of  colliers  near  the  Royal  Hotel,  during  the  holding  of  this  meeting.;  a  great  contrast  compared  with  the  mob  which  surrounded  the  house  on  Friday,  the  28th  ult.,  and  commenced  the  fearful  riot  which  then  occurred.  As  far  as  we  can  learn,  the  number  of  men  who  have  been  on  strike,  but  have  returned  to  work  within  the  last  few  days,  is  as  follows  :—Haigh  Colliery,  (Earl  of  Crawford's)  750;  Uupholland,  (ditto)  60  ;  Ince  Hall,  550  ;  Kirkless  Hall,  (Messrs.  J.  Lancaster  &amp;  C0.).220  ;  irkless  Hall,  (Mr.  It.  A.  Thiek  - STYLE=superscript  nesso's)  90  ;  Spring  Bi-anch,  60  ;  Holme  House,  (Mr.  11.  Woods)  60  ;  1d  Taylor)  120  ;  Moss  (Nuttall  . STYLE=superscript  mid  Caldwell's)  - STYLE=superscript  250  ;  Mr.  A.•F.  1 STYLE=superscript  1-lalib  7 STYLE=superscript  urton's  Ince)  110  ;  Do.  (Gidlow  Lane)  34  :  Messrs.  Blundell  and  '3ons  (Pemberton)  45:  Do.,  (Ince  40;  Winstanley,  (Mr.  Vankes's)  46  ;  Messes.  A.  Eccles  and  Sons,  30;  Rose  3ridge,  (Mr.  J.  A.  Case's)  100;  Douglas  Bank,  (Do.)  26;  AI  - STYLE=superscript  cat-wood  llull,  (Aloczrg.  J.  ICay  and  Cc's)  20  ;  111  - STYLE=superscript  nssrg  J.  Taylor  and  Co.,  '(Standish)  120  Bull  Ring,  (Messrs.  Dut Dutton  ton Dutton  and  Co.)  30;  Blaekrod,  (Messrs.  Ridgway  and  Co.)  40  ;  Messrs.  11.  Harrison  and  Co's.,  25  ;  Messrs.  Whaley  and  Son,  50  ;  Messrs.  J.  Tayleur,  and  Co's.,  50  ;  Messrs.  Bar Barton  ton Barton  and  Winders,  35;  Executors  of  Mr.  J.  Rylands,  70.  Total  3.031.  To  these  3,031  colliers  'must  be  added  quite  as  many  drawers,  giving  a  total  of  6062.  And  this  is  exclusive  of  the  number  of  men  and  boys  who  had  not  ceased  working,  a  few  of  the  masters  having:  conceded  the  advance  when  demanded.  Of  the  latter  there  will  be  about  700  colliers  and  drawers.  If  to  these  there  be  also  added  the  number  on  strike,  280,  and  as  many  drawers,  we  have  a  total  of  up  w  a  r  d  s  o  f  7300  who  were  employed  in  the  coal  pits  cf  the  Wigan  District.  BAIVKRUPTUY  CO  E  STE  RDAY.  &amp;R.  COMMISSIONER  PERRY  IN  re  PEVERELLE.—The  examination  of  the  bankrupt's  uncle  was  resumed  yesterday.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  said  in'  this  case  he  appeared  for  the  witness,  Mr.  Louis  Peverelle,  who  not  alone  produced;  his  books,  but  also  four  letters  which  had  been  written  to  him  by  the  bankrupt,  and  received  by  him  on  the  several  dates  mentioned  on  the  post-marks,  namely,  28th  and  24th  of  August;  20th  and  24th  of  September.  There  was  one  or  two:discrepances  in  the  plaintiff's  evidence  to  his  Honor  on  the  last  occasion.  He  then  stated  he  had  altered  his  books.  This  appeared  -to  be  wrong  :  he  had  merely  made  in  his  ledger  an  entry  or  transcript  of  what  his  Honor  had  seen  ;  but  his  day-book  had  not  been  altered,  and  it  s  h  owe  d  under  several  daies  that  goods  were  delivered  amounting  to  £lOO,  unmutilated.  He  had  only  caused  an  additional  entry  to  be  made  in_his  ledger  to  bring  the  amount  up  to  £4Ol.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  Then  the  led  altered.  ger  is,  to  a  certain  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  No,  not  altered,  but  an  additional  and  original  entry  made  to  correspond  with  the  account  sent.  The  COMMISSIONER:  The  witness  said  on  the  last  occasion  the  ledger  was  not  touched  at  all,  but  that  the  . STYLE=superscript  day-book  was  altered.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  :  Yes  ;  he  had  gone  through  the  letters,  and  he  was  sorry  to  say  those  letters  bore  out  what  the  witness  had  stated  on  his  previous  examination.  Louis  Peverelle  was  then  examined  by  Mr.  Yates.—lre  stated  he  produted  four  letters  which  he  received  from  the  bankrupt,  dated  20th  and  24th  of  August,  and  16th  and  23rd  of  September,  1853,  in  all  of  which  letters  the  bankrupt  requested  him  to  increase  his  claim  against  the  estate  from  £lOO  to  £4OO,  and  to  prepare  his  books  so  as  to  be  able  to  substantiate  the  claim  for  the  larger  amount.  One  of  the  letters,  under  date  24th  of  August,  is  as  follows  :  The  account  is  quite  correct.  Respecting  what  we  have  done  after  the  fire  is  no  businesss  to  any  one.  Do  not  fear  of  me  saving  too  much  t  )  any  one  ;  and  them  as  are  so  busy  about  it,  you  may  till  them  to  go  to  Another  letter  from  the  bankrupt  requested  the  witness  to  alter  his  book,  so  that  it  might  appe.tr  the  goods  were  delivered  before  the  fire_and  not  after.  Those  letters  were  in  the  hand-writing  of  the  bankrupt,  Joseph  reverelle,  and  i  6  was  in  consequence  of  his  writing  those  lette  rs  ,  and  requesting  me  that  I  in in-crease  -crease in-crease  my  claim  for  £lOO  to  £4OO.  He  mentioned  it  to  me  - STYLE=superscript  before,  -verbally,  asking  me  to  do  so,  but  I  had  declined,  and  he  then  sent  me  those  letters,  When  I  received  those  letters,  I  had  - STYLE=superscript  been  informed  that  the  bankrupt  had  filed  a  petition  for  arrangement  with  his  creditors  in  this  court.  lam  not  aware  that  I  received  a  circular  from  the  court  to  this  effect,  but  I  received  a  note  to  send  in  my  account.  I  produce  my  ledger,  day-book,  and  carriers'  receipt  book.  The  account,  debtor  and  creditor,  which  I  now  produce,  is  correct,  and  the  t  amount  due  to  me  by  the  bankrupt  is  £BB  3s.  10N.  was  here  examined  at  some  length,  as  to  the  311  had  been  made  in  his  books  to  increase  the  amount  ,of  his  account  from  £lOO  to  £4OO,  with  a  view  to  having  the  facts  properly  elicited  and  placed  on  the  file.)  He  was  then  asked  whether  he  had  any  objection  to  a  memorandum  being  made  in  the  books,  so  that  at  a  future  period  they  might  be  identified.  Mr.  PEMBERTON  Objected,  and  contended  it  was  anunusual  course  which  ought  not  to  be  sanctioned.  The  COMMISSIONER  said  it  was  very  important  that  those  (The  witn  objection  to  a  memorandum  being  The  several  memorandums  were  then  ,CO/VIMISSIONER  :  Those  letters  of  course  will  remain  in  court.  Mr.  YAW  They  will  be  placed  on  the  file  of  course.  LONER  said  this  was  doubly  mischievou;"
