text
"Coastivilt.  RHYL,  DENBIGH,  HOLYWELL,  AND  ALL  PARTS  OF  NORTH  WALES.  The  quickest  and  cheapest  route  is  by  THE  SATELLITE.  TO  MOSTYN.  SAILING  FROM  LIVERPOOL.  Tuesday  Thursday  Saturday  Jan  12,  11  0  a.m.  Apply  to  Mr.  John  Watkins,  8,  Strand-street;  or  to  DANIEL  JAMES,  22,  Union-street:  THE  WHITE,  AND  BLUE  A  WATCH.  —A  ragged  looking  boy,  named  William  Blackburn,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  watch  from  an  elderly  lady  named  Mary  Ralleigh,  The  sto►y  of  the  complainant  was  this—on  Saturday  she  got  her  watch  repaired,  and  on  her  way  home  she  went  into  a  public-house  in  Great  Homer-street  to  get  a  glass  of  ale,  where  she  met  with  the  prisoner  and  some  other  boys.  She  was  showing  the  watch  to  the  landlord,  and  the  boys  saw  it,  and  she  alleged  that  they  followed,  and  stole  the  watch  from  her.  In  reply  to  the  magistrate,  the  complainant  said  she  had  two  glasses  of  ale,  but  she  knew  what  she  was  about.  The  prisoners  version  of  the  affair  was  as  follows.  He  met  the  old  lady,  and  as  he  often  had  a  gill  with  her  before,  they  went  into  the  public-house,  (laughter),  she  treated  him  to  a  glass  of  ale,  and  after  that  to  a  pint.  They  got  merry  a  bit  there,  and  talked  of  the  war  and  Louis  Napoleon.  (Renewed  laughter).  Give  us  a  says  she  to  me  :  I'm  not  in  voice  to-day  says  I,  Try  the  Red  White  and  she  to  me.  Then  I'll  give  it  says  she,  and  up  she  struck  it.  (Great  laughter).  It  appeared  to  have  a  great  effect  on  her,  for  she  got  quite  drunk,  and  talked  about  the  trenches.  She  was  not  able  to  go  home,  and  she  asked  me  and  some  other  gentlemen  (laughter)  to  see  her  safe  to  her  house,  and  we  did  so.  On  arriving  there,  she  cried  out,  !  I  have  lost  my  watch  :  then  you  have  lost  it  in  the  says  I,  and  then,  for  my  kindness,  she  had  me  arrested.  Mr.  Wybergh  (to  the  complanant):  Did  you  sing  the  sang  of  the  Red  White  ar.d  Blue  ?  Not  t)  my  knowledge.  Prisoner  :  She  knows  it  well  enough,  and  she  gave  it  in  very  good  style  into  the  bargain.  &#34;She's  an  old  messer  of  mine.  The  prisoner  was  remanded.  GOING  TO  CHURCH  AND  GOING  TO  GAOL  !—John  Walsh  and  'William  Johnston,  the  latter  very  respectably  dressed,  were  charged  with  attempting  to  pick  pockets  at  a  religious  meeting  held  on  Sunday  evening  in  the  Teutonic-hall,  Lime-street.  Inspector  Murphy  said  he  arrested  the  prisoners  in  the  hall,  where  there  was  preaching  and  psalm-singing  going  on,  on  Sunday  after  eight  in  the  evening.  Walsh  got  close  to  a  lady,  who  was  preaching  and  singing  alternately,  and  whilst  engaged  in  the  latter,  the  prisoner  slipped  his  hand  into  her  pocket,  being  covered  in  the  operation  by  Johnston.  He  then  arrested  him.  Mr.  Bluck,  who  appeared  for  Johnston,  said  his  client  had  instructed  him  to  say  that  although  oeretofore  he  was  a  he  had  repented  of  his  sins,  and  went  to  the  church  with  purely  good  intentions.  Mr.  Wybergh  :  Have  you  any  evidence  of  his  repentance  ?  The  records  of  this  court  are  sadly  against  him.  He  was  here  four  times.  Mr.  Bluck  :  De  tells  me  he  repented,  and  that  he  went  there  for  that  purpose.  Inspector  Murphy:  It  was  rather  a  curious  sort  of  repentance  to  cover  a  felon  picking  the  pocket  of  a  lady  preacher.  Mr.  Bluck  :  Well,  he  says  he  went  to  repent,  and  you  can't  tell  what  is  in  his  mind.  The  inspector  said,  No,  but  I  can  tell  what  he  was  doing.  Walsh  was  sent  to  gaol  for  one  month,  and  Johnston  was  ordered  to  he  remanded.  Mr.  Bluck  :  Remand  a  man  for  going  to  church  to  repent.  Mr.  Chaloner  :  No,  we  don't  remand  him  for  going  to  church—we  remand  him  for  attempting  to  pick  pockets.  Agnes  Andrews,  the  wife  of  a  respectable  master  rigger,  was  charged  with  having  stolen  a  wateh  from  a  neighbour  in  Trowbridge-street  on  the  21st  ult.  Mr.  Bluck  was  for  the  prisoner,  and  established  her  innocence.  She  was  discharged.  FATAL  GUN  ACCIDENT.-Mr.  James  M'Donald,  farmer,  Mucomer,  parish  of  Killmonivaig,  went  out  on  Tuesday  last  to  shoot  hare?,  accompanied  by  the  keeper,  Duncan  Macpherson,  and  his  own  servant,  Archibald  Macintyre.  As  the  party  were  returning  home  in  the  evening,  Mac Macintyre,  intyre, Macintyre,  who  was  a  few  paces  in  front  of  his  master,  started  a  hare,  whereupon  the  latter  pointed  his  gun  at  the  running  hare,  when,  unfortunately,  at  that  moment  his  foot  slipped  on  the  frosty  surface,  the  shot  :went  off,  and  sad  to  say,  entered  the  body  of  poor  Macintyre,  who  within  five  minutes  thereafter  was  stretched  a  lifeless  corpse.  Macintyre  has  left  seven  helpless  orphans,  all  under  twelve  years  of  age,  and  a  widow,  in  an  advanced  state  of  pregnancy,  to  deplore  his  loss.—lnverness  Courier.  ANOTHER  DISPUTE  IN  WALBROOK.-011  Saturday  a  public  vestry  of  the  ratepayers  of  St.  Stephen's,  Wal Walbrook,  brook, Walbrook,  was  held  in  the  vestry  of  the  church,  presided  over  by  the  Rev.  Dr.  Croly,l  rector,  :for  the  purpose  of  considering  the  propriety  of  settling  the  claims  of  Messrs.  Rock  and  Flight,  the  churchwardens,  who  fought  the  battle  against  the  select  vestry  and  Mr.  Alderman  Gibbs  with  success  some  years  ago.  It  appears  the  costs  in  the  legal  proceedings  which  ensued  amounted  to  2,9601,  but  at  the  instigation  of  Sir  John  Jervis,!  a  compromise  was  effected  with  the  select  and  its  churchwarden  (Mr.  Gibbs)  to'give  up  possession  upon  the  payment  of  10001.  Messrs.  Rock  and  Flight  the  churchwardens  of  the  open  vestry,  paid  the  money  out  of  their  own  pockets,  and  although  they  had  claimed  to  be  reimbursed  from  year  to  year,  they  had  not  received  the  money,  and  the  vestry  was  now  to  settle  the  claim  one  way  or  the  other.  The  proceedings  were  of  a  stormy  character,  but  the  first  resolution—to  the  effect  that  the  parish  was  deeply  indebted  to  Messrs.  Rock  and  Flight  for  their  energetic  proceedings  in  estab establishing  lishing establishing  the  right  of  the  :parish  to  administer  its  affairs,  and  in  placing  the  parishioners  in  possession  of  the  trust  estates,  was  carried  with  one  dissentient.  A  second  resolution  wus  then  proposed,  recognising  the  law  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  which  took  place,  as  having  been  'conducted  on  behalf  and  for  the  benefit  of  the  parish,  and  the  right,  therefore,  of  Messrs.  Rock  and  Flight  to  reimbursement  from  the  parish  funds  and  property.  To  this  an  amend amendment  ment amendment  was  moved,  That  subject  to  the  want  of  due  notice,  the  vestry  considered  they  had  no  authority  to  divert  the  incomes  of  the  parish  to  repay  the  expenses  of  Messrs.  Rock  and  Flight  The  amendment  was  lost,  and  the  original  motion  carried,  after  much  confusion,  only  by  the  casting  vote  of  the  rev.  chairman,  and  a  poll  was  demanded  and  at  once  opened.  It  opened  again,  yester yesterday  day yesterday  (Monday),  and  finally  closed  at  four  o'clock  in  the  afternoon.  TUE  LESSEE  OF  DRURY-LANE  THEATRE.—Four  years  ago,  when  Mr.  E.  T.  Smith  became  lessee  of  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane,!he  addressed  a  letter:  to  Col.  Phipps.  soliciting  her  Majesty  t  o  t  a  k  e  a  b  ox  ,  an  d,  as  an  additional  inducement,  stated  the  services  of  his  father,  who  had  been  sixty-five  years  an  officer  of  the  British  Navy,  having  entered  it  at  eight  years  of  age  and  died  at  seventy-three  ;  he  was  present  at  Lord  Rodney's  cele celebrated  brated celebrated  victory  12th  April,  and  Lord  Howe's  victory  of  Ist  June,  when  he  was  seriously  wounded,  &amp;c.  The  colonel  returned  a  reply,  stating  that  the  theatre  had  changed  hands  lately  two  or  three  times,  therefore  her  Majesty  could  not  at  present  take  a  box.  Three  years  and  up upwards  wards upwards  elapsed,  and  Mr.  Smith  again  addressed  a  letter  to  Colonel  Phipps,  at  the  opening  of  the  present  season,  stating  that  he  had  had  the  honour  of  addressing  him  four  years  ago  respecting  her  Majesty's  taking  a  box,  and  again  solicited  her  Majesty's  condscension  to  subscribe  to  the  national  theatre.  Mr.  Smith  also  stated  that  he  had  one  thousand  persons  depending  upon  him  for  support,  had  paid  all  their  salaries  in  full,  dis discharged  charged discharged  every  obligation  on  the  theatre,  committee  rent,  and  tradesmens'  bills,  therefore  the  cause  of  her  Majesty's  refusal  must  be  removed  ;  and,  further,  that  on  the  late  occasion  of  her  Majesty's  visit  to  the  theatre,  the  Lord  Chamberlain'had  expressed  to  Mr.  Smith  his  approbation  all  the  arrangements  made  for  the  convenience  of  her  Majesty's  reception,  and  Mr.  Smith  repeated  his  wish  to  do  everything  in  his  power  for  the  comfort  and  conve convenience  nience convenience  of  her  Majesty;  which  elicited  the  follow following  ing following  reply:_  Windsor  Castle,  December  24,  1855,  Sir,  —I  beg  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  letter  of  th  e  18th  inst.,  which  o  n  l  y  reac  hed  me  this  day,  and  having  sub submitted  mitted submitted  its  purport  to  her  Majesty  the  Queen  I  am  com commanded  manded commanded  to  inform  you  that  it  is  not  her  Majesty's  inten intention  tion intention  to  add  to  the  number  of  theatres  at  which  her  Majesty  has  private  boxes.—l  am,  sir,  your  humble  servant,  C.  B.  PHIPPS.  After  th  e  receipt  of  this  letter,  application  was  made  to  Mr.  Smith,  by  Mrs.  F.  Matthews,  Mr.  C.  Mathews,  and  Mr.  Roxby,  now  performing  at  Drury-lane,  (at  the  request  of  Mr.  Charles  Kean,  and  by  command  of  her  Majesty),  for  permission  to  play  at  Windsor  Castle.  Mr.  Smith  positively  refused  this  request  ;  first,  on  the  ground  of  the  application  being  made  by  Mr.  Kean  direct  to  the  artistes,  in  lien  of  to  Mr.  Smith,  the  lessee.  Secondly,  if  Mr.  Smith  consented,  he  would  be  deprived  of  the  ser services  vices services  of  these  his  principal  performers  at  this  th  ea  t  re  ,  would  receive  no  remuneration,  and  would  impoverish  his  exchequer  by  the  want  of  attraction.  Returns  of  the  number  of  cases  treated  at  the  dispensary  are  published  in  the  various  Liverpool  papers.  The  daily  average  lately  has  been  58.  The  committee  take  this  opportunity  of  again  noticing  the  handsome  supply  of  soup  placed  at  their  disposal  by  Mr,  Jesso  Sorton  during  the  inclement  season  early  in  the  last  year,  for  which  they  have  already  tendered  their  thanks,  and  which  they  now  state  was  most  acceptable  to  the  poor,  and  received  with  gratitude  by  numerous  families  in  distress.  Subscribers  will,  on  payment  of  their  subscriptions,  receive  tickets  of  recommendation,  entitling  patients  presenting  such  tickets  to  priority  of  attendance  and  medicine.  Subscriptions  aro  due  the  first  of  January  in  each  year,  for  which  printed  receipts  should  be  required  ;  they  may  bo  paid  either  to  the  Treasurer,  Mr.  Edgar,  No.  1,  Upper  Duke-street  ;  at  Messrs.  Thompson-and  Capper's,  43,  Bold-street;  or  to  the  Collector,  Mr.  Townsend,  Castle-street.  The  expenses  of  the  institution  having  of  late  increased  with  the  increase  of  patients,  tho  friends  of  the  charity  are  earnestly  requested  to  use  their  endeavours  in  adding  to  the  (ands  so  requisite  to  support  it.  J.  TATE  LEE,  Chairman.  The  statement  of  accounts  showed  that  a  balance  remained  in  the  treasurer's  hands,  after  allowing  for  the  year's  expenditure,  of  £2B  17s  7d.  On  the  motion  of  the  Chairman,  seconded  by  Mr.  J.  Muir,  the  report  was  unanimously  adopted,  and  copies  ordered  to  be  printed  and  circulated  amongst  the  sub subscribers.  scribers. subscribers.  The  meeting  then  proceeded  to  some  routine  business,  after  the  despatch  of  which  the  proceedings  closed  with  the  usual  compliments  to  the  chairman  and  the  officers  of  the  dispensary.  LIVERPOOL  COURT  OF  PASSAGE.-  YESTERDAY.  The  Court  of  Passage  was  opened  in  the  Nisi  Prius  Court,  St.  George's  Hall,  yesterday,  before  the  Assessor,  Edward  James,  Esq.,  Q.C.  The  learned  Assessor  took  his  seat  upon  the  !bench  at  nine  o'clock.  The  causo  list  is  not  heavy  for  this  court.  It  comprises  six  writs  of  trial,  three  before  the  'assessor,  and  three  before  tho  registrar,  one  special  argument,  and  fifty-four  issues.  SOLOMON  AND  WIFE  V.  VESEY.—This  was  a  'special  argument.  Mr.  Simon  appeared  for  the  plaintiffs,  and  Mr.  Brett  for  the  defendant.  The  facts  of  this  case  have  been  published  fully,  in  'more  than  ono  previous  instance,  and  the  legal  points,  which  upon  the  present  occasion  were  argued  at  great  length  by  counsel  on  both  sides,  were  wholly  devoid  of  general  interest.  The  rule  was  discharged.  ANDERTON  AND  ANOTHER  V.  O'BRIEN.—This  was  merely  an  action  for  goods  sold,  and  contained  nothing  important  to  the  public.  Mr.  Aspinall  appeared  for  the'piaintiffs,  Mr.  Tin Tindal  dal Tindal  Atkinson  for  the  defence.  The  plaintiffs  were  wholesale  grocers,  and  the  defendant  a  retail  grocer,  carrying  on  business  in  Arlington  street  and  Vauxhall  road,  Liverpool.  The  amount  claimed  was  £lB  Hs  Id,  for  goods  sold,  which  the  defendant  pleaded  had  been  paid.  The  jury  found  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiffs  for  £9  17s  11--d.  SOLOMON  AND  WIPE  V.  VESEV.—The  parties  in  this  action  were  the  same  as  in  a  preceding  one.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  £9  17s.  Mr.  Simon  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Brett  for  the  defence.  The  action  was  for  goods  sold  and  delivered  by  Barnet,  who  was  the  former  husband  of  Esther  Solemons,  during  his  lifetime,  and  also  for  money  paid.  The  defendant  first  pleaded  that  he  was  never  indebted  ;  secondly,  that  he  had  satisfied  the  claim  ;  and  thirdly,  ho  pleaded  a  set  off  for  goods,  board,  and  lodging  supplied  by  him  to  one  Betsy  Barnet,  during  the  lifetime  of  Samuel  Barnet.  On  the  part  of  the  plaintiff  it  was  stated  that  Mrs.  Solomon  was  formerly  the  wife  of  a  person  named  Barnet,  who  carried  on  business  as  an  outfitter  in  Waterloo-road.  The  debt  was  contracted  during  Barnet's  lifetime.  Some  years  ago  he  went  abroad  to  Australia,  where  he  died,  and  Esther  Solomon,  as  his  widow,  took  out  letters  of  administration.  Previous  to  his  death  Barnet  had  commenced  proceedings  against  the  defendar  t  for  the  amount  now  claimed  in  the  County  Court.  The  defendant,  however,  made  .an  arrangement,  and  the  action  was  abandoned,  the  defendant  undertaking  to  pay  £.5  at  once,  and  the  remainder  by  instalments  of  £2  a  month.  The  payments,  however,  were  not  made,  and  Barnet  brought  an  action  in  this  court,  but  as  he  went  abroad  before  the  case  had  been  heard,  the  action  was  now  taken  up  in  the  name  of  the  present  husband.  In  stating  these  facts,  Mr.  Simon  observed,  that  ho  thought  some  of  the  items  of  the  set-off,  must  have  been  entered  in  joke.  Mr;  Barnet  was  a  member  of  the  Jewish  persuasion,  and  therefore  could  scarcely  be  supposed  to  have  had  any  predeliction  for  pork,  yet  one  item  in  the  set-off  was  for  two  pigs.  (Laughter.)  Ho  believed  it  could  hardly  have  been  the  habit  of  Barnet  to  enjoy  such  a  luxury.  (Laughter.)  As  to  the  charges  for  board  and  lodging  for  Betsy  Barnet,  it  seemed  to  bo  very  extraordinary,  as  the  girl  had  only  visited  the  defendant  in  the  course  of  the  ordinary  social  inti intimacy  macy intimacy  then  existing  between  the  parties.  The  case  for  the  plaintiff  having  concluded,  a  number  of  witnesses  were  called  for  the  defence,  to  prove  that  the  two  pigs  were  sold  by  the  defendant  to  plaintiff;  that  during  the  prevalence  of  an  epi epidemic  demic epidemic  the  daughter  of  the  plaintiff's  wife  had  been  put  to  board  and  lodge  with  defendant  at  Osten,  and  other  matters  tending  to  establish  a  set-off.  The  court  rose  shortly  before  seven  o'clock,  but  not  before  several  impatient  hints  from  the  organ  in  the  great  hall,  had  given  intimation  that  the  hour  appointed  for  the  evening's  public  performance  was  drawing  near.  Tnz  NEXT  CAMPAION.—The  total  strength  of  the  British  land  forces  in  the  vicinity  of  Sebastopol  at  the  present  moment  is  as  nearly  as  possible  53,000  men  of  all  ranks  and  arms  of  the  service.  At  Kertch  there  is  a  battalion  numbering  about  700,  and  on  the  Bosphorus  13  regiments  of  cavalry,  the  aggregate  strength  of  which  is  rather  over  4000,  making  a  total,  exclusive  of  2400  in  hospital  at  Scu Scutaria  taria Scutaria  and  Renkoi,  of,  in  round  numbers,  58,000  purely  English  forces.  Between  this  time  and  the  first  week  in  March  nearly  the  whole  of  the  troops  now  composing  the  reserve  at  Malta  will  probably  be  forwarded  to  the  Crimea,  their  place  being  supplied  by  reinforcements  from  home,  of  which  something  like  4000  will  embark  in  the  course  of  the  next  week  or  two.  About  10  infantry  regi regiments  ments regiments  from  home,  Malta,  and  Gibraltar,  will,  in  all  like likelihood,  lihood, likelihood,  be  sent  up  to  the  Black  Sea  about  the  same  time,  thus  adding  more  than  15,000  men  to  the  English  army  now  in  the  field,  and  bringing  its  numbers  up  to  about  73,000  in  all.  The  Turkish  Contingent,  the  head  quarters  of  which  is  now  at  Kertch,  may  be  considered  as  amount amounting  ing amounting  to  20,000.  Portions  of  the  British  Swiss,  and  British  German  Legions,  are  already  at  Scutari,  one:or  two  more  regiments  are  on  their  way,  and  the  total  number  of  these  corps  in  two  months  may  be  safely  anticipated  as  7000  men.  The  British  Italian  Legion  appears  likely  to  be  most  successful,  but  it  is  not  probable  that  sufficient  pro progress  gress progress  will  have  been  made  in  its  organisation  to  allow  of  its  taking  the  field  ear  ly  in  the  campaign.  Summing  up  the  figures  just  stated,  the  whole  of  the  British  forces  will  probably  be  found  to  amount  to  100,000  men,  of  whom  85,000  will  be  effective  combatants.  Some  important  arrangements  as  zo  the  redistribution  of  the  forces  will  be  made  on  the  arrival  out  of  Sir  Colin  Campbell,  who  now  holds  the  local  rank  of  general.  All  officers  on  leave  must  be  present  with  their  regiments  on  the  Ist  of  March,  and  within  a  very  few  days  of  that  date  the  public  may  expect  to  see  an  army  ready  to  take  the  field  wh  erever  it  ma  y  be  ordered,  which,  in  point  of  numbers,  arrangement,  and  condition,  we  shall  be  justified  in  regarding  with  con confidence  fidence confidence  and  pride.—Miniaterial  Paper.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21,  oxfor  d STYLE=superscript  street,  at  Ms  General  Printing  a  n  d  St  a  tio  ner  y  E  s  t  a  blia  nie  nt  i  l''  South  Johu-stret,  Liverponi.  r STYLE=superscript  IUEBDAY,  JANVARY  8,  lese„"
