text
"ASTERN  WAR.  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.]  LATEST  INTELLIGENCE.  .  VIENNA,  TUESDAY  NOON.  official  dispatch  says  :—'•  The  Russians  dis--  kp  o  e STYLE=superscript  d  the  Turks  from  the  island  opposite  Giur Giur'  ' Giur'  but  it  was  i  mme  di  a  t  e  ly  re  t  a  k  en  by  th  e  T  ur  k  s  ti  i STYLE=superscript  tlt  e  ti STYLE=superscript  EVENING  —The  Turks  repulsed  the  Vey STYLE=superscript  their  position  at  Oltnitza  on  the  11th  ;  ill  held  the  island  opposite  Giurgevo.  VIENNA,  11TH.  ti  !,enthusiasm  at  Constantinople  is  still  more  lk  l  excited  by  the  publication  of  the  Sultan's  me%  o  - STYLE=superscript  to,  read  on  October  31st,  in  a  National  d  d  over  by  the  Sultan  himself,  o  s  presided  0  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  41  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  e  announced  his  intention  to  buckle  on  h  e  ''!;(  l STYLE=superscript  ,  to  proceed  to  Adrianiple,  and  march  at  Ol  t  a STYLE=superscript  of  the  troops.  pgh:  arrival  at  Shiraz  of  the  deputation  from  e STYLE=superscript  reiwhich  came  to  induce  the  Shah  of  d;  '&#34;le  (  r  to  declare  against  Russia,  produced  pro proensat*  ensat* proensat*  at  the  Persian  court.  The  Shah  c  ,  an  .  ion  -411 STYLE=superscript  1)r  e  his  power  to  delay  the  decision,  and  to  ss  an  anti-Russian  movement.  h  k STYLE=superscript  d  PARIS,  TUESDAY.  th4(isiesPatch  has  been  received,  stating  that  the  t'ls  lost  3000  men  in  the  battle  of  the  4th  '  i STYLE=superscript  lit'l'ont  that  day  to  the  11th  there  was  no  tc  1 STYLE=superscript  4  11.er  ,  evet  of  imortance.  Hostilities  were  some  skirmishing  on  the  outposts.  1 STYLE=superscript  4e  Turks  h  ave  24,000  men  a  t  Olt  en  it  za  ,  an  d  U,ooollllnnber  at  Kalafat.  The  Russians  have  behi  t  i STYLE=superscript  nen  Budexhli  between  Bucharest  and  4,  4 STYLE=superscript  't„  rt, STYLE=superscript  and  established  head  quarters  there.  r  ii  N  a  ,,7  ll STYLE=superscript  i.isli.  envoy  in  Paris  received  the  following  tijge  t  ;',„  e STYLE=superscript  On  Tuesday,  from  his  colleague  at  Vienna  :  '  r STYLE=superscript  t4  a  ;_  w STYLE=superscript  s  from  the  seat  of  war  is  to  the  11th,  at  1  4  4 STYLE=superscript  1  ve  lm  'e  nothing  decisive  had  taken  After  11  0  ,14j  4  23rd  Turkish  ships  will  be  declared  law lawe,s  e,s lawe,s STYLE=superscript  for  the  Russians,  even  if  their  cargoes  be  Joy  f  `'LlY  Turkish  property.  Neutral  flags  shall  1,  411  liberty.  o  t  he  Ner  P  .o STYLE=superscript  ssian  Government  has  appointed  a  Go.  1  1  ,  or  the  Principalities.  4 STYLE=superscript  4  1  4 STYLE=superscript  '&#34;ef,,Itiperor  of  Austria  and  King  of  Prussia  b  e  tl  ()  lly  declared  to  the  German  Diet  that  tl'Net,  1  ) STYLE=superscript  t  intend  to  take  part  in  the  hostilities  li  tt  o STYLE=superscript  ,oo  o  ,Itr  urks  key  and  Russia.  Ive  ell  l  crossed  the  Danube  at  Kalarxil,  o  Oct.  27th  and  Nov.  3rd.  4  )  11  k  ,  !=k.SIT  The  Greeks  had  offered  to  advance  money  to  the  Porte  by  way  of  loan.  -  The  Times  leading  article  says  the  reports  of  a  lodgment  of  the  Turks  at  Oltenitza,  of  a  severe  battle  fought  afterwards,  and  of  the  dis discomfiture  comfiture discomfiture  and  the  retreat  of  the  Russians,  which  were  all  substantially  true,  and  that  they  pointed  not  to  a  single  engagement  but  to  a  series  of  en encounters  counters encounters  on  the  same  spot.  The  Times  now  awaits  news  of  the  battle,  which  probably  occured  when  Gortschakoff  arrived  in  person  at  Oltenitza.  Unless  the  Turks  were  reinforced,  it  is  not  unlikely  that  they  may  be  driven  across  the  Danube,  still  there  would  be  a  strong  body  left  in  Wallachia,  indeed,  there  would  be  the  left  wing  intrenched  at  Kalalat,  which  numbers  greater  than  the  de detachment  tachment detachment  at  Oltenitza.  Respecting  the  unexpected  inferiority  of  the  Russians  the  Times  cannot  accept  the  surmises  that  the  reported  events  are  owing  to  the  Russian  commander's  stratagem,  or  his  inconsiderable  strength  ;  sickness  may  have  deterioted  the  efficacy  of  the  troops,  yet  a  large  army  is  decimated  ill  a  day,  and  there  were  ample  opportunities  of  re recruiting  cruiting recruiting  it.  Perhaps  the  truth  is  that  the  Czar  may  have  carried  his  dissimulation  so  far  as  ulti ultimately  mately ultimately  to  have  deceived  himself,  expecting  to  win  ithout  fighting.  He  nay  have  permitted  the  strength  of  his  'army  to  sink  so  low,  that  at  the  moment  of  trial  it  was  incapable  of  encountering  the  shock  of  war  ;  sat  any  rate,  of  sustaining  the  reputation  on  which  he  relied.  NOTE  —The  Telegraphic  News  in  the  Times  of  the  repulse  of  the  Russians  on  the  11th,  tends  to  - STYLE=superscript  disprove  the  truth  of  the  ruinour  that  the  former  had  been  defeated  by  Gortschakoff  PORTSMOUTH,  TUESDAY.  The  Times  Mira?  News•  A  sailmaker  at  this  port  who  has  just  returned  from  St.  Petersburgh,  where  he  has  been  chief  sailmaker  in  the  Government  dockyard,  states  that  every  Englishman  employed  in  the  Russian  arsenals  has  been  summarily  dis discharged.  charged. discharged.  VIENNA,  14th—Exchange  on  London,  11  10.  ST.  PETERSBUROH,  Bth—ODESSA,  4th—Exchanges  on  England  more  unfavourable,  and  owing  to  large  purchases  of,  Wheat  it  now  pays  well  to  send  gold  to  Odessa.  BANKING  NEWS.—The  Times  says  the  drafts  of  the  Isle  of  Man  Bank  (Holmes  and  C  0.,)  were  refused  acceptances  on  Thursday,  but  merely  from  a  temporary  cause—the  death  of  one  of  the  pro proprietors  prietors proprietors  having  been  followed,  within  the  last  day  or  two,  by  that  of  the  only  surviver.  The  estate  ie,  understood  to  be  in  every  respect  ample.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21,  Oxford-street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establishment,  19,  Sonth  John-street,  Liverpool,  WEDNESDAY,  NOVEMBER  16,  1853."
