text
"FOREIGN  PORTS,  Edinburgh  (a.),  from  the  Clyde  at  Halifax,  Jan.  16,  for  coals.  9rl STYLE=superscript  sailed  the  folowini;  day  for  New  York.  America  (H.M.S.),  Little,  hen  ce  at  Halifax,  Jr..o  16,  and  proceed  ed STYLE=superscript  to  Boston.  Atlantic  (U.S.M.S.),  West,  hence  at  New  York.  Freeman,  Graham;  Genevieve,  Tu;nrr;  and  Floating  Carne—all  hence  at  Pernambuco.  Mary,  from  Liverpool  and  Lisbon  at  Baltimore.  Dauntless,  hence  at  Apalachicola  Satellite,  Long,  hence;  and  Jasper,  Kerr,  from  the  Cly,ste-  --I)°tit STYLE=superscript  at  San  Francisco.  ris  Kingston  ;  Refuge  ;  Edward  J  o  h  ns  t  on;  Typhoon  Carpen  te  „  0  1  Litten  ;  Harrison  ;  Chas.  Spr  ag  u  e  ,  Pike;  Lotus,  WatS;D,  (lid  England,  Adams  ;  Ellen  A.  Cl  ar  k,  K  oper  h  olt  ;  James  NeOBIL,Ie  Watts;  Zoboah,  Robertson  ;  S  co  tl  an  d,  Bart;  and.  illilwankie,S  ° STYLE=superscript  —all  hence  at  New  Orleans.  Morning  Light,  Gillies  ;  Imperial,  Moran  ;  North  Anle  ri STYLE=superscript  Clame  ;J.  L.  Dimmock  ;  and  J.  C.  Bogart—all  hence  at  mobil  e STYLE=superscript  '  n  o.  Middleton,  Coop  , STYLE=superscript  =r  ;  and  Arab,  G  ra  h  am—both  hence  at  Savofer  !Fanny  Fern,  Jordan  ;  S  imoset,  Greenhugh  ;  and  Amelia,lM''  zie—all  hence  at  Charievon.  Eos,  Welch;  and  Jno.  Bryant.  Deer—both  hence  at  BaltitaO  r STYLE=superscript  Late  Hunter,  Bush,  hence  at  Philadelphia.  Victress,  Kenney,  from  Virginia  at  Marseilles.  Vigilant,  hence  at  Ostend.  Inanita,  and  Ainla  de  Sorento—both  hence  at  Trieste,  Frankfort  (a.),  hen  ce  at  G  enoa.  City  of  Washington  (s  s.),  and  City  of  Warrin  Marseilles.  .gton—both  be  e° STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  Jovern  Guillerrn,  and  Sagitario—both  Limee  at  Havanna.  Triumfante,  hence  at  Matanzas.  Ura  Stra  del  Carmen  sailed  from  Matanzas  Jan.  1,  and  Nii  cilj STYLE=superscript  Jan.  4—both  for  Liverpool.  Startled  Fawn,  Carlyle,  from  Sydney  at  Shanghae.  MARRIAGES.  joDP  Ou  the  27th  instant,  at  St.  J  o  h  n  the  Baptist's  Church,  Mr;  oil?  Owens,  to  Anne,  second  dau  g  h  ter  of  the  late  Mr.  J.  Jones,  °`  street.  On  the  28th  instant,  a  t  B'  .  John  the  Baptist's  Ch  urc  h,  Mr.  101°  Jones,  plumber,  oxteth-park,  to  Miss  Elizabeth  Williams.  11I  r STYLE=superscript  d  at  tDEATFI.  On  the  29th  instant,  he  residence  of  h  er  f  ather,  Corov'  c  ork  street,  of  consumpti  on,  C  atherine  Agnes,  aged  15  years,  sec  daughter  of  John  Mackenzie,  Esq.,  cooper,  of  this  town.  1  4  11  r  Births,  Marria  g  e  s  ,  an  d  Deaths,  are  only  inserted  when  se seto  to seto STYLE=superscript  our  Office  duly  authenticated.  /  THE  PEACE  N  Euociartoxs:  —  The  Daily  News  saYs  ,  'oP  We  learn,  on  authority  which  renders  it  sible  for  us  to  doubt  the  correctness  of  the  st  a STYLE=superscript  id  ment,  that  a  p  re  li  m  i  nary  treaty  of  peace  will  tied  signed,  probably  before  Tue STYLE=superscript  sday  —certainly  before  i  ieo  meeting  of  Parliam  ent  .  A  n  armistice  will  be  coneld.ti  immediately  aft  er  th  e  s  i  gnature  of  this  preliminary  t  r STYLE=superscript  t  ,;  for  a  limited  p  er  i  o  d  ,  and  negotiations  with  a  vieW  final  comprehensive  treaty  will  be  commenced  i  nj STYLE=superscript  t  iti  diately.  We  are  g  i  ven  to  understand  that  it  is  col;  determination  o  f  t  h  e  Allied  powers  to  exercise  to  o  1  extent  the  right  r  eserve  d  to  them  by  the  fifth  arti  si  the  Aust  r  i  an  proposals,  to  bring  forward  additio  n  stipulations  to  the  general  interests  of  Etuope.  Or  McitnEtt  OF  A  C  HILD  .—O  n  Th  urs  d  ay  evening  a'4  about  thr  ee  mont  h  s  o  ld,  name  d  W  ilfred  Dakin  0  3 STYLE=superscript  ,  was  e°  dered  at  Sh  e  ffi  e  ld  by  hi  s  unc  l  e,  a  knifegrinder  w STYLE=superscript  ,  James  Hill.  It  appears  that  Hill  called  at  the  hoo'''  t  a  t  the  child's  father,  who,  as  well  as  the  wife,  were  al,1111;•  work,  and  said  he  would  t  a  k  e  the  child  out  for  a  ;‘l,lit;  In  the  house  at  the  time  there  were  only  the  e'!i  c  i  r  ,eiP  question,  his  two  s  i  sters,  and  two  neighbours'  The  uncle  and  child  were  seen  walking  together'  night  the  abs  ence  o  f  the  child  of  course  created  al  I,  and,  a  search  having  been  made,  it  was  found  in  3P STYLE=superscript  ,  ,ar  l STYLE=superscript  i  r STYLE=superscript  known  as  th  e  b  rick-kilns.  The  head  was  „  severed  from  the  body.  The  spot  where  the  found  is  only  about  100  yards  from  the  hous  e STYLE=superscript  ,  ll  l STYLE=superscript  parents,  Oa  b  e  i  ng  as  k  e  d  why  he  killed  the  chill'  said  lie  did  not  know.  Some  circumstances  are  co.  l STYLE=superscript  i  ve  t  ;  tinned  whi  c  h  t  en  d  t  o  prove  that  he  is  insane  .5101/  quently  th  e  p  r  i  soner  was  taken  before  the  wag'  d  at  the  Town-hall,  Sheffield,  and,  on  b  eing  infori  ne  De  o':  lie  was  charged  w  i  t  h  t  h  e  wilful  murder  of  his  lafj:pititi  he  replied,  Y  es  ,  I  cut  hi  s  head  Mr.  A.  j  the  magistrates'  clerk,  t  o  ld  t  h  e  prisoner  that  De  v  eil  be  detained  in  custody  to  await  the  result  of  tk  l  e  inquisition,  and  that  he  might  go  before  o.le  ,eof  :fill'  he  wished,  b  u  t  that  lie  need  no  t  d  o  so  up-di/Ist  Jioret  The  prison  er  rep  li  ed,  I  do  not  want  to  go  be  He  was  then  remanded.  0/  -f STYLE=superscript  I  I STYLE=superscript  f  9,  ,p  1  Printed  and  Publis::ed  by  CHARLES  WILLAI  k  EB,  ° STYLE=superscript  ,i  k  12a  street,  at  his  Genoral  Printing  and  str.tiouery  South  Joha-I:tr*et,  Liverpool.  TUZSDAY,  JANU4AY  2g,  ism  ,"
