text
"MANCHESTER  HIGHWAY  ROBBERY.—Yesterday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  Manchester,  an  Irishman  named  Terence  Murphy,  was  placed  in  the  dock  on  a  charge  of  having,  on  the  10th  of  August  last,  stolen  a  watch-guard,  chain,  and  silver  ring,  the  property  of  a  person  named  Hatfield.  Mr.  W.  P.  Roberts,  solicitor,  was  for  the  prisoner.  The  prosecntor  stated,  that  he  was  going  up  Oldham-road  on  the  night  of  the  10th  of  August  last,  and  that,  when  about  Bengal-street,  the  prisoner  overtook  him.  He  walked  alongside  of  him  until  at  German-street,  and  then  made  a  grab  at  pro prosecutor's  secutor's prosecutor's  watchguard.  The  prosecutor  succeeded  in  retaining  possession  of  the  watch,  but  the  prisoner  got  off  with  the  guard,  chain,  and  a  silver  ring  attached  to  the  chain.  This  was  a  little  before  twelve  o'clock  at  night.  The  prisoner  ran  off  down  German-street.  The  prosecutor  admitted  that  he  had  had  some  drink,  but  not  so  much  but  that  he  knew  what  he  was  doing.  About  eight  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  the  11th  of  August,  he  gave  information  of  the  robbery  to  the  police  '  with  a  description  of  the  robber.  A  respectable  female  stated,  that  she  and  her  husband  were  walking  along  Oldham-road  on  the  night  in  question,  when  their  attention  was  drawn  to  the  prisoner,  whose  movements  appeared  to  them  to  be  of  an  exceedingly  suspicious  character.  Shortly  afterwards,  they  heard  a  scuffle,  and  then  the  prisoner  ran  down  German-street,  followed  by  the  prosecutor.  The  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  was  the  man,  though  he  had  not  the  same  clothes  on.  Mr.  Roberts,  for  the  prisoner,  contended,  that  this  was  a  case.of  mistaken  identity,  and  called  a  witness,  who  stated,  that  at  the  time  of  the  robbery,  the_  prisoner  was  at  Wigan.  Subject  to  inquiry  being  made  at  Wigan,  to  ascertain  the  truth  of  this  statement,  the  prisoner  was  committed  to  the  Sessions.  WHOLESALE  POCKET  PICKING.  ROBBERY  FROM  THE  PERSON,  AND  ASSAULT  WITH  VIOLENCE  Yesterday,  at  the  city  police  court,  Manchester,  the  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  were  enga  g  ed  upwards  of  four  hours  in  the  investiga investigation  tion investigation  of  charges  of  pocket  picking,  robbery,  and  assault  with  violence,  preferred  against  two  men  named  John  Hagin.  who  calls  himself  an  agent,  and  resides  in  Booth-street-east,  Chorlton-upon-Medlock,  and  Tames  Steel,  who  is  well  known  to  the  police.  The  case  excited  great  interest,  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  prisoners  being  suspected  of  having  been  concerned  in  a  great  number  of  robberies  recently  committed  in  omnibuses,  at  public  auctions,  &amp;c.  The  case  for  the  prosecution  was  conducted  by  Mr.  Beswick,  the  chief  snper snperintendent  intendent snperintendent  of  police  ;  Mr.  Sowler,  barrister-at-law,  instructed  by  Mr.  Bent,  solicitor,  appeared  on  behalf  of  Hagin;  and  Mr.  Wheeler.  barrister-at-law,  instructed  by  Mr.  R.  Roberts,  solicitor,  appeared  for  Steel.  The  first  charge  gone  into  was,  that  the  prisoners  picked  the  pocket  of  Mrs.  Jenkinson,  while  in  an  omnibus  on  her  way  from  her  residence  in  Bury-new-road,  to  the  place  of  business  of  her  husband,  Mr.  William  Jenkinson,  share sharebroker,  broker, sharebroker,  Back  King-street.  The  lady  found  that  her  purse  containing  £23,  was  safe  while  she  was  in  the  omnibus,  but  on  arriving  at  her  husband's  office  it  was  gone.  She  was  certain  that  it  could  not  have  been  taken  from  her  as  she  was  going  through  St.  Ann's-square,  and  that  it  must  have  been  taken  from  her  while  she  was  in  the  omnibus.  Both  prisoners  sat  near  to  her  in  the  omnibus,  and  they  were  dressed  like  gentlemen.  The  bench  thought  the  evidence  not  sufficient  to  warrant  a  committal  on  this  charge,  and  they  were  accordingly  dismissed  upon  it.  The  same  prisoners  were  then  charged  by  Mr.  Beswick,  with  having,  on  Sunday  night,  assaulted  with  great  violence,  and  robbed,  in  Vine  Grove,  Greenheys,  a  person  named.  Enos  Roberts,  on  his  way  home  to  his  residence,  Bridge Bridgestreet,  street, Bridgestreet,  Charlton-on-Medlock,  and  robbed  him  of  a  silver  watch,  watch  chain,  a  purse  containing  about  seven  pounds,  &amp;c.  The  prosecutor  was  called,  and  stated  that  he  was  a  draughtsman  in  the  employment  of  Messrs.  Hall  and  Wilson,  ironmongers,  King-street.  On  Sunday  evening  he  went  to  the  Welsh  chapel,  in  Grosvenor-square.  He  left  the  chapel  about  ten  minutes  or  a  quarter  to  8  o'clock,  before  the  ser service  vice service  was  over.  He  then  went  to  the  Cambria  beer-house,  in  John  Dalton-street.  About  ten  o'clock  he  left,  and  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  towards  his  own  house.  He  had  got  half-way  down  Lime  Grove,  or  a  little  more,  when  a  man  bounced  from  an  open  gateway  to  one  of  the  residences,  and  seized  hold  of  a  stick  which  witness  had  in  his  hand  at  the  time.  There  was  sufficient  light  for  him  to  see  the  features  of  the  man  who  came  up.  Witness  had  a  dagger  at  the  end  of  the  stick  ;  the  dagger  got  loose,  and  a  second  man  came  and  seized  his  arm  from  behind.  A  third  man  came,  put  his  —a  1  -4  He  then  began  to  lose  all  consciousness.  The  handkerchief  had  a  strong  smell  of  horse  dung,  and  witness  felt  as  if  he  was  suffocating.  Some  time  afterwards  recovered  himself,  however,  and  cried  out  His  top  lip  was  cut,  so  that  he  could  not  talk.  Shortly  after  a  policeman  and  some  gentleman  came  up.  He  then  felt  very  ill.  It  was  the  priso prisoner  ner prisoner  Hagin  who  seized  the  stick.  Witness  was  removed  to  a  sur surgeon's,  geon's, surgeon's,  where  hehad  his  wounds  dressed,  and  then  hewastaken  home.  He  was  quite  conscious  that  Hagin  was  the  man  who  seized  his  stick.  The  other  prisoner,  Steele,  seized  hold  of  hand,  and  he  thought  he  was  the  one  who  gave  him  a  blow  on  the  cheek.  He  had  an  opportunity  of  seeing  him,  for  he  turned  round  and  looked  him  in  the  face.  Steele  had  on  dark  clothes,  and  a  guard  that  glittered.  It  was  a  gold  guard.  He  has  not  the  least  doubt  that  the  two  prisoners  were  the  men  who  assaulted  and  robbed  him.  He  was  robbed  of  a  patent  silver  lever  watch,  a  silver  guard,  a  purse  containing  £6  18s.  6d.,  two  sixpenny  pieces,  three  penny pennyworth  worth pennyworth  of  copper,  and  a  pair  of  pebble  spectacles  in  a  German  silver  case.  He  went  into  the  dock  this  morning,  and  saw  a  number  of  prisoners  there.  Besides  the  prisoners,  there  would  be  a  dozen  or  fifteen  others.  In  the  dock  he  recog recognised  nised recognised  Hagin  and  Steele  as  those  who  robbed  him.  Mr.  Beswick,  chief  superintendent  of  the  police,  stated  that  when  the  prisoner,  Steele,  was  brought  to  the  police policestation  station policestation  he  wore  a  gold  watch  and  chain.  He  wont  to  Hagin's  house  with  inspector  Maybury,  police-constable  Macdonald,  and  others  on  Monday  night.  The  house  was  locked  up  when  they  got  there,  but  shortly  afterwards  a  charwoman  came  and  opened  the  door.  From  inquiries  witness  made  he  found  it  was  uncertain  whether  Hagin  would  come  home  that  night.  He,  therefore,  placed  two  men  inside  the  house,  and  other  officers  outside,  to  prevent  any  one  escaping.  When  he  got  to•the  Town  Hall  the  following  morning,  he  found  Hagin  in  custody.  He  gave  instructions  to  the  officers  to  search  the  house.  No  property  relating  to  the  present  charge  had  been  found.  Steele's  portmanteau  was  searched,  but  nothing  relating  to  the  present  charge  was  found  there.  Mr.  Sowler  then  addressed  the  bench  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner  Hagin,  and  afterwards  called  witnesses  to  establish  an  alibi.  One  of  these  witnesses,  named  Wilson,  said,  in  cross  examination,  that  he  first  met  the  prisoner  about  a  fortnight  ago.  He  then  gave  his  name  as  James  Davis.  Witness  saw  the  prisoner  Steele  at  Hagin's  house  the  other  day.  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  — STYLE=superscript  Sir.  Wheeler  next  addressed  the  bench  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner  Steele;  contending  that  under  the  circumstances  detailed  by  the  prosecutor,  it  was  next  to  impossible  that  he  should  have  been  able  to  identify  the  parties.  After  a  brief  consultation  amongst-the  — STYLE=superscript  magistrates,  the  chairman,  (Mr.  Callender)  said  they  had  considered  the  case  carefully,  and  paid  very  close  attention  to  the  evidence,  and  they  were  of  opinion  that,  though  tho  prosPentor's  ovidouoo  was  honest  and  upright,  yet  it  was  not  sufficient  for  them  to  commit.  The  opportunity  of  the  identification  was  so  short,  and  the  circumstances  altogether  so  doubtful,  that  the  mais maistrates  trates maistrates  did  not  cornipit,  d,bvugu  there  was  strong  suspicion  ..66aulitug  LV  Lae  prisoners  at  the  bar.  The  prisoners  were  then  discharged.  •  Mr.  John  Maybury,  inspector  of  the  detective  depart department,  ment, department,  and  a  police  constable  named  John  Porter,  deposed  to  the  prosecutor  coming  to  the  office  and  picking  out  the  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  from  among  several  others.  Such  is  the  enormous  quantity  of  potatoes  being  sent  up  to  London,  that  there  are  at  present  about  three  miles  of  trucks,  loaded  with  this  esculent,  waiting  to  be  dis discharged  charged discharged  on  one  of  the  railways.  Potatoes  are:  bought  up  hereabouts  at  about  £5  a  ton,  and  after  paying  about  £2  carriage  there  is  a  profit  to  the  Scotch  dealer  of  about  £3  a  ton.-11Torth,  British  Mail.  FREE  TRADE  FREEHOLD  LAND  SOCIETY.—A  public  meeting  of  the  shareholders  in  this  society  was  held  on  Wednesday  evening,  at  the  Whittington  Club,  London,  to  ballot  for  priority  of  members.  Mr.  Wyld,  late  M.P.  for  Bodmiii,  who  presided,,entered  at  some  length  into  the  advan advantages  tages advantages  derived  from  freehold  land  societies  in  general.  He  stated  that,  although  this  society  had  only  been  in  existence  two  months,  it  hail  been  enabled  to  enter  into  arrangements  for  the  purchase  of  several  estates,  and  to  enrol  a  large  num number  ber number  of  members.  Mr.  Martindale  followed,  in  explanation  of  the  working  of  the  society.  He  observed  that  in  the  short  time  which  had  intervened  since  the  establishment  of  the  Free-Trade  Society  the  subscription  amounted  to  £40,000.:  Two  estates  had  been  purchased—one  at  An Annerly,  nerly, Annerly,  close  to  the  Crystal  Palace,  and  the  other  at  Camber Camberwell.  well. Camberwell.  SAVINGS-BANE  ANNUITIES.—The  law  relating  to  these  annuities  has  been  altered  by  the  16th  and  17th  of  Victoria,  chap.  42,  which  came  in  force  on  the  10th  of  Oct.  Annuities  may  now  be  contracted  for  at  the  National  Debt Debtoffice,  office, Debtoffice,  any  day  between  10  and  8  o'clock,  without  any  fee  being  payable  by  the  purchaser,  or  they  may  be  purchased  of  the  Commissioners  for  the  Reduction  of  the  National  Debt  thraugh  the  agency  of  officers  of  savings-banks,  who  may  charge  for  an  annuity  under  £6  a  fee  of  55.,  and  for  every  £5  55.,  up  to  £3O,  30s.  The  annuities  are  immediate  or  deferred.  The  purchaser  of  a  deferred  life  annuity  can,  if  he  think  proper,  have  the  purchase  money  returnable  to  him,  if  demanded,  or,  after  his  death,  to  his  representatives,  provided  no  instalment  of  the  annuity  has  been  paid,  or  he  can  purchase  such  an  annuity  without  the,  purchase  money  being_  returnable  The  tables  and,  necessary  forms  can  be  -obtained  (gratis)  at  the  National  Debt-office,  19  Old-Jewry,  NORTH  LANCASHIRE.—ADVERTISEMENTS  intended  to  be  read  by  the  Gentry  and  other  Inhabitants  of  North  Lancashire  should  appear  in  the.  PRESTON  CHRONICLE.  Having  been  established  above  forty  years,  it  enjoys  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes.  Its  scale  of  charges  for  Advertisements  is  moderate,  having  been  reduced  einoo  the  abolition  of  the  Advertisement  Duty.  When  pre-paid,  which  can  be  done  by  postage  stamps,  Advertisements  of  4  lines,  or  30  words,  are  inserted  for  ls.  6d.,  and  8  lines,  or  60  words,  for  2s.—Published  every  Saturday  morning,  at  23,  Fishergate,  Preston.  NORTH  AND  EAST  LANCASHIRE.—For  ADVERTISING  in  this  portion  of  the  County  of  Lancaster,  the  most  eligible  medium  is  the  PRESTON  GUARDIAN.  The  last  parliamentary  returns  show  that  The  GUARDIAN  circulates  ..  .  6,019  copies  weekly.  The  in  paper  next  in  circulation  pub published  lished published  North  or  East  Lancashire  ..1,211  ditto.  Charges  for  advertising:  foiir  lines,  or  thirty  words,  ls.  6d.,  prepaid  ;  eight  lines,  or  sixty  words,  2s.  prepaid.  No  adver advertisements  tisements advertisements  on  credit  under  2s.  6d.  each.  10s.  prepaid.  13s.  do.  16s.  do.  19s.  do.  225.  do.  255.  do.  QUARTERLY  CONTRACT  CHARGES  13  insertions  2  lines  13  ditto  4  lines  13  ditto  6  lines  13  ditto  8  lines  13  ditto  10  lines  13  ditto  •  12  lines  Remittances,  Ll  and  under,  may  be  made  in  postage  stamps';  above  that  sum  by  post-office  order,  payable  to  J.  and  W.  Livesey.  The  Guardian  is  published  every  Saturday  morning,  in  time  for  dispatch  by  the  early  mails.  —  Office,  8,  Cheapside,  Market-place,  Preston.  THE  GOVERNING.  CLASSES  A  SERIES  OF  POITIAITS  TO  BE  CONTINUED  WEEKLY  IN  THE  LEADER,  a  complete  first-class  Weekly  Newspaper  ;  Political  and  Literary  Review.  (Estab (Established  lished (Established  1850)  :  Published  every  Saturday  in  time  for  the  early  morning  mails,  price  Sixpence,  and  Sold  by  News Newsagents  agents Newsagents  in  all  parts  of  England,  or  may  be  had  direct  from  the  Publisher.  0  - STYLE=superscript  Terms  of  Subscription-13s.  for  a  Half-year,  to  be  remitted  in  advance,  by  Money  Order,  *payable  to  Mr.  Al Alfred  fred Alfred  E.  Galloway,  at  flue  Office,  7,  Wellington-street,  Strand,  London.  •  -  NOTICE  TO  ADVERTISERS.  In  consequence  of  the.  Repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  folloWing  Reduced  Scale  is  now  charged  for  Advertising  in  the  LEADER  Newspaper  :  Five  lines  and  under  .  •  •  Each  additional  line  0  2  6  0  0  6  Half  a  Column  -  Whole  Column  .  -  .  .  .  er  Advertisements  reaching  this  Office  on  Friday  Night,  will  appear  in  all  editions."
