text
"R  USSIA  AND  TURKEY.  NEW  SCENE  OF  WAR.-PROGRESS  OF  THE  TURKS.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  We  have  received  news  •  from  Constantinople,  by  Vienna,  down  to  the  3rd  instant.  The  news  of  the  disaster  of  Sinope  is  officially  confirmed,  and  had  just  reached  the  Porte.  Upon  the  receipt  of  this  information,  the  British  and  French  ambassadors  had  immediately  de despatched  spatched despatched  two  steam  frigates  from  the  combined  squadrons  to  Sinope,  and  two  other  steam  frigates  to  Varna,  for  the  purpose  of  procuring  precise  intelligence.  Upon  the  return  of  these  vessels,  it  was  thought  probable  that  the  combined  fleets  would  receive  orders  to  enter  the  Black  Sea,  to  prevent  if  possible,  any  further  collision  between  the  Russian  and  Turkish  naval  forces.  It  is  stated  by  the  Russian  accounts  that  the  squadron  subsequently  destroyed  at  Sinope  was  •  engaged  in  conveying  forces  to  attack  Soucham  Kalsha,  and  that  it  was  pursued  into  the  port  of  Sinope  by  the  Russian  fleet.  If  this  account  of  the  circumstances  preceding  the  engagement  be  correct,'  it  would  give  a  som  ew  h  a  t  different  charac character  ter character  to  the  attack,  as  the  Russian  forces  might  be  justified  in  interrupting  a  convoy  destined  to  in  vade  - STYLE=superscript  a  portion  of  their  own  territory.  The  destination  of  the  squadron  is,  however,  still  uncertain;  and  it  is  more  probable  that  the  transports  were  conveying  reinforcements  and  pro provisions  visions provisions  to  Batoum,  where  the  Turkish  army  stands  in  need  of  both.  It  is  reported  that  the  British  Charge  d'Affairs  at  Teheran  has  suspended  his  diplomatic  relations  with  the  Persian  Government,  in  consequence  of  that  Power  having  resolved,  as  it  is  said,  to  tike  part  against  the  Porte  and  to  march  an  army  to  the  frontier.  This  movement  on  the  part  of  the  Shah  of  Persia  had  for  some  time  been  apprehended,  as  his  relations  with  Turkey  were  such  as  to  induce  him  to  take  advantage  of  the  increasing  difficulties  of  the  Ottoman  empire.  The  news,  however,  still  requires  positive  confirmation  The  Morniug  Post  states  that  a  Constantinople  telegraphic  despatch  of  the  3rd,  reports  the  preva prevalence  lence prevalence  of  great  alarm  and  excitement,  owing  to  the  news  from  Sinope.  The  account  given  of  the  action  is  substantially  the  same  as  .  the  Russian.  The  fleets  were  bound  to  enter  the  Black  Sea.  Persia  had  declared  war  against  Turkey.  The  Post's  leading  article  says,  that  there  can  hardly  exist  a  doubt  that  the  Admirals  had  by  this  time  entered,  and  are  now  in  full  command  of  the  Black  Sea.'  With  respect  to  the  Persian  declaration  of  war  against  Turkey,  this  is  thp  natural  consequence  of  a  treaty  offensive  and  defensive  between  Persia  and  Russia  concluded  some  months  ago..  It  adds'  a  new  complication.  BUC  HARE  ST.—Princo  Gortschakoff  has  declared  Galatz  and  Ibraila  neutral  Ports,  Riots  have  taken  place  at  Galatz,  between  the  Wallachian  militia  and  the  Russian  troops.  A  Battalion  of  the  former  refused  to  obey  the  orders  of  a  Russian  Ge General.  neral. General.  The  Battalion  in  question  and  four  Com Companies  panies Companies  of  the  Wallachians  were  consigned  to  Bar Barracks.  racks. Barracks.  There  is  nothing  late  from  the  Danube.  Telegraphic  despatches  in  the  Chronicle  give  the  details  of  the  Turkish  success  in  Asia.  Schamyl  and  Selim  Pacha  had  taken  various  fortresses  ;  and  it  is  stated  that  they  surround  Prince  Worongoff  on  all  sides,  in  the  vicinity  of  Teflis.  The  Turks  were  repulsed  in  an  attack  on  Alexan Alexandrianople,  drianople, Alexandrianople,  in  Georgia,  but  have  blockaded  the  citadel  of  Akista.  Its  fall  was  daily  expected.  The  Journal  de  Constantinople  mentions  a  report  that  Schamyl  had  defeated  15,000  Russians,  and  a  Vienna  paper  states  that  the  attempt  to  land  18,000  Russians  near  St.  Nicholas  was  repulsed  with  heavy  loss.  VIENNA.  OTH.-  The  conferences  of  the  ambas ambassadors  sadors ambassadors  are  long  and  frequent.  TURKISH  LOAN.  The  Times'  city  article  says  :—lt  is  believed  that  the  report  of  the  probable  .negotiation  of  a  Turkish  5  per  cent.  loan  in  Paris,  for  four  millions  sterling,  through  some  of  the  financial  insttiutions  lately  organised,  is  not  without  foundation.  The  govern government,  ment, government,  it  is  said,  are  indisposed  to  promote  it,  but  in  return,  a  condition  will  be  exacted,  that  the  Sultan  should  bind  himself  unreservedly  to  consent  to  whatever  terms  of  adjustment  with  Russia  the  Allied  Powers  may  think  proper  to  propose.  FURTHER  PARTICULARS.-  VIENNA,  Tuesday  The  defeat  at  Sinope  was  known  at  Constantinople  on  the  3rd,  when  great  excitement  prevailed.  A  Grand  Divan  was  held,  at  which  all  the  foreign  Ministers  were  present.  The  English  and  French  Ambassadors  were  urged  to  despatch  the  combined  fleets  into  the  Black  . STYLE=superscript  Sea  ;  but  they  had  an  an  audience  of  the  Sultan,  at  which  it  was  resolved  not  to  send  the  whole  fleets  at  once,  but  four.  frigates,.  to  obtain  more  precise  information.  There  was,  however,  no  doubt  that  the  whole  fleets  would  shortly  enter  the  Black  Sea.  The  carnage  at  Sinope  is  described  as  immense.  On  the  Bth  4,000  men  of  Osten-Sacken's  corps  arrived  at  Jassy.  IA  division  of  the  same  corps  had  been  sent  to  Redout  Kaleh,  in  Asia.  cordon  was  to  be  formed  along  the  line  of  the  Dniester.  It  was  believed  that  Persia  had  declared  war  against  Turkey  at  the  instigation  of  Russia,  and  that  a  combined  Russian  and  Persian  force  would  march  on  Erzeroum.  •  -  The  second  edition  of  the  Chronicle  contains  a  telegraphic  message,  dated  Vienna,  Tuesday  even evening,  ing, evening,  in  the  following  terms:—  'VIENNA,  TUESDAY  EVENING,  DEC.  3,—Advices  from  Bucharest  of  the  10th,  state  that  the  Russian  squadron  which  destroyed  the  Turkish  vessels  at  Sinope  consisted  of  four  ships  of  120  guns,  and  four  of  86  guns,  commanded  by  Admiral  Nachi Nachimow.  mow. Nachimow.  Admiral  Cornilow  arrived  afterwards  in  the  Adrian.  Three  Turkish  ships  were  sunk  ;  the  re remainder  mainder remainder  were  burnt,  as  it  was  impossible  to  secure  the  prizes.  The  Russian  ships  were  greatly  damaged,  and  required  many  repairs  to  enable  them  to  reach  Sebastopol.  400  Turkish  guns  were  sunk.  The  above  is  authentic.  Entrenchments  have  been  thrown  up  round  Bu Bucharest.  charest. Bucharest.  A  recommencement  of  hostilities  is  shortly  expected  on  both  banks  of  the  Danube  especially  between  Krajowa  and  Kalafat.  General  Osten-Sack  - STYLE=superscript  en,  with  4,000  infantry,  reached  Jassy  on  the  Bth  inst.  One-half  of  them  proceeded  southwards  by  forced  The  Vienna  Lloyd  publishes  the  following:—  Advices  from  Constantinople,  of  the  Ist  De Debomber,  bomber, Debomber,  state  that  the  Russian  .fortress  of  Sofa,  near  Chekvetil,  has  been  taken  by  the  Turks;  400  Russian  were  killed,  200  escaped.  On  the  17th  November,  1,200  Russians  landed  on  the  same  coast,  but  Selim  Pacha  forced  them  to  return  to  their  ships  In  this  engagement  the  Russians  lost  400  killed  and  one  cannon.  The  Turks  have  advanced  to  Alexandrinople,  in  Georgia.  The  Ost-Deutsche  Post  say  Near  Fort  St.  Nicholas  (ChekVetil),  the  Russians  were  repulsed  in  an  attempt  to  land  18,000  men.  Their  retreat  was  attended  with  heavy  loss.  The  Russian  army  was  cut  off  from  a  retreat  to  Russia.  The  Mus•  sulman  population  of  Georgia  had  risen  in  arms  for  Turkey.  G-ounari,  Redu-Kaleh,  and  Kislar  were  in  the  hands  of  the  Riots  have  taken  place  in  Galatz  between  the  Wallachian  militia  and  the  Russian  troops.  A  bat  talion  of  the  Wallachians  refused  to  obey  the  or  ders  of  a  Rusisan  general.  The  hope  of  a  successful  issue  for  the  labours  of  the  Conference  on  the  affairs  of  the  East  rather  di-  minishes  than  increases,  for  it  is  asserted  in  the  diplomatic  circles  that  the  idea  of  a  new  mediation  came  from  Austria,  and  that  no  pledges  has  been  given  by  the  Emperor  of  Austria  that  he  will  take  part.in  active  measures  against  Russia  if  the  Czar  should  refuse  to-subscribe  to  the  views  of  the  Con  ference.  This  assertion  is  made  positively  by  men  who  are  likely  to  be  well  acquainted  with  the  facts.  The  following  also  appeared  in  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday.  LONDON  CORN  MARKET.—Further  purchases  of  wheat  were  made  on  Tuesday  on  French  account.  ODESSA,  2ND.—The  purchases  of  Grain  are  ex excessive  cessive excessive  at  full  prices."
