text
"THE  GALE  ON  THE  IRISH  COAST.  (From  the  Wexford  Independent  of  Wednesday.)  From  an  early  hour  on  Sunday  morning  we  experienced  an  awful  gale  from  the  S.E.,  which  continued  unabated  until  Monday  night,  when  it  lulled  considerably,  but  still  continued  what  seamen  call  a  very  strong  gale,  shifted  a  little  more  to  the  E.  The  gale  was  accompanied  by  a  dark  flying  mist,  which  rendered  lights  or  land  invisible  at  a  very  short  distance,  and  we  regret  to  state  that  several  casualties;  accompanied  with  loss  of  lives,  have  occurred.  On  Sunday  morning  a  small  smack  running  for  the  har harbour,  bour, harbour,  being  unable  to  take  in  a  pilot;  stranded  at  Rosslare,  when  the  crew  were  taken  off  by  the  exertions  of  the  pilots.  She  proves  to  be  the  William  and  Mary  from  Port  Gain,  laden  with  slates.  Three  vessels  belonging  to  this  port,  the  Columbine,  Lucinda  Jane,  and  Vulcan  entered  the  bay  at  the  first  of  the  gale,  and  their  only  chance  of  safety  de depending  pending depending  on  running  in,  the  masters  acting  on  their  own  experience,  ran  boldly  onwards,  and  succeeded  in  gaining  port  without  any  injury.  As  the  S.E.  gales  sweep  the  whole  length  of  our  qua  .  ys,  an  unusual  heavy  sea  washed  them  from  end  to  end,  keeping  the  seamen  of  the  several  vessels  constantly  engaged  in  fending  off,  and  keeping  clear  of  each  other,  and  we  are  glad  to  be  able  to  say  that  the  shipping  sustained  very,  little  damage,  the  Edward  Phelan  alone  carrying  away  her  fore-topmast.  We  wish  we  - STYLE=superscript  could  say  the  same  of  the  fish,  ing  smacks,  cots,  and  small  boats  of  our  poor  industrious  fishermen.  Many  of  them  have  suffered,  and  some  severely.  A  Jersey  fishing  smack  and  also  a  Wexford  one  drovo  close  on  the  bridge,  but  by  great  exertions  and  assistance;  were  passed  through  the  draw-bridge  with  little  dam=  age.  An  oyster  smack  belonging  to  J  o  hn  B  e  ll  an  d  ano  th  er  to  Jamos  Mulligan,  suffered  severely  by  collision  with  some  vessels,  and  two  oyster  boats  sunk  at  their  moorings  near  the  dockyard.  The  damage  to  sma  ll  er  cra  ft  h  as  b  een  very  severe.  No  life  has  been  lost,  or  personal  injury  sustained,  but  the  fatigue  of  numbers  has  been  great.  The  gale  continued  with  unabated  fury  the  whole  of  Sun Sunday  day Sunday  night,  and  on  Monday  morning  the  schooner  Stag,  J.  Veneer,  master,  of  about  100  tons  burthen,  of  and  from  Pen Penzance,  zance, Penzance,  for  Liverpool,  with  China  clay  and  block  tin,  ran  ashore  at  Blackwater.  Being  of  light  draft,  the  vessel  got  near  the  beach,  and  the  crew  were  saved  by  means  of  a  line  skilfully  thrown  on  board  by  the  Curracloe  coast  guards  by  means  of  Dennett's  rockets.  About  noon,  same  day,  a  barque  of  350  tons  was  seen  from  Curracloe,  labouring  heavily  outside  the  surf,  and  fast  drifting  on  the  shore,  under  foretop-mast  staysail  and  close closereefed  reefed closereefed  maintop-sail.  It  was  evident  tho  ill-fated  ves vessel  sel vessel  could  not  haul  off  in  teeth  of  so  furious  a  gale,  and  no  boat  could  leave  the  beach  and  pass  the  dreadful  surf.  At  half-past  two,  p.m  ,  the  vessel  struck  in  the  su  r  f  near  th  e  spot  where  the  Stag  was  stranded,  but  immediately  falling  over  on  her  beam  ends,  the  furious  billows  made  a  clean  breach  over  her,  and  in  less  than  an  hour,  the  strand  w  as  strewed  with  fragments  of  her  wreck,  and  of  the  entire  crew  not  one  was  saved,  for  though  there  were  numbers  of  able  hands  and  willing  hearts  on  the  shore  witnesses  to  the  distressing  scene,  all  human  aid  was  unavailing,  From  papers  and  letters  soon  after  picked  up,  it  is  supposed  that  the  ;doomed  barque  was  the  Caravane,  of  Bordeaux,  Pos Possonier,  sonier, Possonier,  master.  The  cargo  was  wheat.  Several  Spanish  letters,  directed  were  cast  on  shore,  and  a  trunk  containing  youth's  clothing,  with  some  books  having  the  name  written  in  them.  The  bodies  of  some  of  the  unfortunate  crew  have  been  washed  on  shore,  and  properly  taken  care  of.  A  large  ship  was  seen  about  10  o'clock  in  distress  on  the  south  end  of  the  Long  Bank,  about  four  miles  from  the  harbour's  mouth,  but  after  beating  for  some  time  she  got  off  and  ran  on  the  beach  a  little  north  of  Grenoro  Point  in  Ballygeary.  She  proves  to  be  the  United  States  ship  Niagara,  Captain  Bennett,  800  tons  burthen,  of  and  for  Ne  w  York,  from  Liverpool,  with  a  general  cargo,  railway  iron  and  220  passengers.  The  Pilot  boat  No.  2  was  soon  along alongside  side alongside  rendering  valuable  assistance,  and  at  4  o'clock  p.m.  landed  all  the  passengers  on  the  Paul  Quay.  The  passengers  leave  on  Thursday  for  Liverpool.  The  Niagara  sailed  at  10  o'clock,  a.m.  on  Sunday.  On  Saturday  evening,  about  six  o'clock  the  weather,  which  up  to  then  had  been  remarkable  for  hard  frost,  under underwent  went underwent  a  great  change  ;  and  in  the  course  of  a  few  hours  a  violent  storm  blew  from  the  south-east,  which  in  the  course  of  the  night  assumed  all  the  terrible  appearance  of  a  hurri hurricane,  cane, hurricane,  accompanied  by  excessive  rain.  During  the  entire  of  Sunday  the  storm  continued,  with  some  severe  showers  ;  and  yesterday  morning  it  assumed  the  same  threatening  character  which  distinguished  it  on  Saturday,  and  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  which  all  communication,  by  means  of  steamer,  between  Cork  and  Queenstown,  and  Passage  and  Queens Queenstown,  town, Queenstown,  was  superseded.  At  one  period  of  the  day  it  was  thought  a  steamer  from  Passage  could  make  Queenstown,  but  when  off  Hawibowline,  we  . STYLE=superscript  understand,  she  encountered  so  rough  a  sea  and  severe  gale  that  she  was  obliged  to  put  back.  Many  of  the  streets  of  the  city,  and  particularly  the  Lower  Glanmire-road,  yesterday,  presented  unmistakable  evidences  of  the  severity  of  the  storm  on  the  preceding  night  —heaps  of  slates  blown  from  the  roofs  of  the  houses,  and  bricks  precipitated  from  chimney  tops,  being  frequently  met  with.  The  trees  on  the  Dyke,  as  usual,  have  sustained  some  injury  ;  and  in  Brown-street  considerable  alarm  was  caused  by  the  rising  of  the  tide  on  Sunday  evening,  when  the  people  began  to  fear  they  were  about  being  visited  by  a  second  flood.  .The  river  was  considerably  swollen,  .the  wind  continuing  all  through  from  the  south-east,  and  some  fears  were  entertained  that  Patrick's  Bridge  would  sustain  some  further  injury  ;  however,  the  apprehensions  were  ground groundless.  less. groundless.  Our  morning  contemporary  has  the  following,  in  describing  the  violence  of  the  gale  Sunday  morning  one  of  the  carriages  of  the  Cork,  Blackrock,  and  Passage  railway  was  borne  along  by  the  hurricane,  and  driven  the  entire  dis  tones  from  Pasage  . STYLE=superscript  to  Horsehead  before  it  was  stopped,  —Southern  .Reporter.  CANADIAN  'STEAM  NAVIG.ATION  COMPANY.  We  extract  the  following  leading  articles  from  the  Toronto  Leader  and  Newfoundland  _Express,  to  show  how  much  the  Canadians  themselves  appreciate  and  desire  to  encourage  the  direct  line  of  communication  afforded  between  Canada  and  this  country,  by  the  steamers  of  the  company  we  have  mentioned  above,  and  to  which,  like  our  Canadian  contemporaries,  we  wish  and  prognosticate  every  success  :  This  line  of  ocean  steamers,  when  it  gets  fairly  into  opera operation  tion operation  with  the  class  of  vessels  which  it  is  contemplated  to  use,  will  probably  do  more  to  bring  Canada  into  notice  in  England  and  Europe  generally,  than  anything  else  that  has  occurred.  On  the  arrival  of  the  Lady  _Eglinton,  at  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  on  returning  from  her  second  trip,  there  appeared,  for  the  first  time  in  the  history  of  Canada,  a  budget  of  British  American  news  in  the  London  morning  papers  under  a  separate  head.  Heretofore  when  a  stray  item  of  Canadian  news  found  a  place  in  the  English  papers,  it  had  generally  been  distilled  through  American  channels,  and  reported  second-hand  by  .  American  reporters,  who  naturally  gave  greatest  pre-eminence  to  their  own  domestic  intelligence.  When  this  line  of  ocean  steamers  is  fairly  established  they  will  regularly  supply  the  English  public  with  direct  intelli intelligence  gence intelligence  of  Canadian  affairs.  Canada  is  fast  taking  its  place  among  the  nations  of  the  world  ;  not  necessarily  as  an  inde independent  pendent independent  country,  but  as  one  of  growing  interest  and  impor 'importance.—Toronto'  Leader.  find  it  announced  by  Messrs.  McKean,  McLarty  an:  Co.,  that  their  Canadian  line  of  five  steamers,  for  a  semi semimonthly  monthly semimonthly  .  line,  consisting  of  the  Cleopatra,  Ontario,  Erie  and  Huron,  is  about  being  completed,  and  rill STYLE=superscript  commence  run running  ning running  betiveen  Liverpool  and  Quebec  in  April  next,  and  that  the  Sarah  Sands  is  chartered  for  the  present  to  complete  the  line.  We  presume  she  will  lie  up  as  a  reserve  steamer,  in  case  of  accidents.  _  _  is  not:merely  the  goods  for  the  consumption  of  Canada  that  will  come  out  by  the  St.  Lawrence  route,  but  also  the  greater  part  of  the  British  manufactures  imported  for  the  Stas  as  far  south  as  the  Ohio  river,  having  now  a  population  of  upwarub  or  o,ooo,Ann_  and  increasing  at  the  rate  of  half  a  million  a  year.  is  most  desirable  that  the  advantages  of  calling  here  (St.  - STYLE=superscript  John's)  should  be  pointed  out  to  the  - STYLE=superscript  owners  of  these  steamers.  Our  legislature  has  offered  £2,600  per  annum  for  five  years  to  any  company  whose  steamers  may  call  fort fortnightly  nightly fortnightly  both  ways,  in  running  between  any  British  port  and  any  American  continental  nort,  with  the  privilege  of  coals  duty  free.  There  would  also  be  a  considerable  sum  earned  by  passengers,  especially  on  the  outward  voyages  in  April  and  August,  and  on  the  homeward  voyages  in  January  and  July;  when  the  buyers  for  our  mercantile  establishments  visit  the  British  markets  and  return.  But  we  do  not  nok  upon  these  items  as  by  any  means  the'  chief  advantages  to  steamers  of  calling  at  this  port.  By  the  Lady  Eglinton's  log  on  her  outward  voyage  in  August,  she  ran  1,910  miles  from  Liverpool  to  this  port,  and  953  miles  from  this  port  to  Quebec.  Now  a  steamer  of  300  horse-power  will  consume  about  200  tons  of  coals  between  Liverpool  and  Quebec,  and  ought  at  starting  to  have  300  tons  on  board  ,  and  by  calling  at  this  port,  which  is  two-thirds  of  the  distance,  she  could  take  100  tons  less  than  if  she  were  to  - STYLE=superscript  make  the  whole  distance  without  stopping.  She  would  thus  be  en enabled  abled enabled  to  take  a  larger  quantity  of  goods,  making  about  £2UO  difference  in  the  freight,  and  enabling  her  to  leave  Liverpool  in  better  trim,  bales  of  goods  being  much  lighter  than  coal,  and  the  steamer,  therefore,  drawing  less  water.  The  increased  speed  at  the  commencement  of  the  voyage  would  thus  - STYLE=superscript  more  than  compensate  for  the  detention  at  this  port,  which  need  nut  exceed  four  hours  ;  while  at  the  same  time  the  steamers  must  pass  within  twenty  miles  of  the  port  whether  they  .  call  or  not.  There  is  not  a  more  accessible  port  in  America  than  that  of  St.  John's.  It  is  not  a  mile  from  the  open  sea—has  .sufficient  depth  of  water  for  the  largest  vessel  in  the  royal  navy—has  the  fine  light-house  of  Cape.  Spear  close  to  its  entrance,  with  the  harbour  light  of  Fort  Amherst,—the  land  is  bold,  and  there  are  no  shoals  or  sunken  rocks  on  the  coast.  Now,  by  making  St.  John's  a  port  of  call,  a  steamer,  from  Liverpool,  running  at  the  rate  of  ten  miles  an  hour,  would  make  this  port  in  eight  days  ;  and  from  the  improvements  now  making  in  naval  architec architecture,  ture, architecture,  we  cannot  doubt  that  a  much  higher  speed  would  soon  be  attained.  We  may  therefore  assume  that  with  the  com completion  pletion completion  of  the  telegraphic  line  between  St.  John's  and  the  •  continent  of  America,  and  with  St.  John's  made  a  port  of  call  for  the  steamers  from  the  British  to  the  North  Ameri American  can American  solonial  ports,  the  commander  of  the  forces  in  British  North  America  would  be  placed  within  seven  days'  commu communication  nication communication  with  the  commander-in-chief  in  London.  It  must  be  evident  that  such  an  advantage  would  be  worth  a  much  larger  annual  expenditure  than  ,the  sum  of  £5,000  annually,  asked  for  to  -encourage  direct  steam  communication  with  lArpriss.-'•\l lArpriss.-'•\l  MANSION  HOUSE.-  LONDON.  ALLEGED  EXTENSIVE  BILL  FORGERIES.  William  Andersen,  a  person  of  very  respectable  appear appearance,  ance, appearance,  aged  about  30  years,  who,  it  was  reported,  has  been  extensively  engaged  in  business  in  the  city  for  some  time,  was  brought  before  the  Lord  Mayor  in  the  custody  of  John  Forrester,  the  officer,  upo  n  th  e  c  h  arge  o  f  h  av  i  ng  uttere  d  a  forged  bill•of  exchange  for  £2,250.  Mr.  Hobler  attended  for  the  defence.  The  prisoner  kept  his  handkerchief  to  his  face  and  sobbed  aloud  frequently  during  the  investigation.  Mr.  Thomas  Scurr  Womersley  said—l  am  a  bill-broker  in  Lombard-street  chambers,  Clement's-lane,  and  belong  to  the  firm  of  Womersley  and  Burt.  Yesterday,  at  about  two  o'clock,  the  prisoner  brought  in  the  bill  of  exchange  I  pro produce  duce produce  for  £2,250,  and  asked  me  to  discount  it.  I  wished  him  to  leave  it  for  a  short  time.  He  did  so,  and  left  the  office  ;  and  I  went  and  made  inquiries  about  the  bill  at  the  offices  of  Messrs.  Overend,  Gurney,  and  Chapman,  where  I  saw  Mr.  Chapman,  with  whom  I  left  the  bill.  Mr.  Chapman  sent  the  bill  back  to  me  with  intelligence  that  it  was  a  forgery,  and  at  about  three  o'clock,  or  a  little  before,  the  prisoner  re returned.  turned. returned.  I  then  had  possession  of  the  bill,  and  knew  that  it  was  a  forgery.  I  told  him  that  it  was  a  forgery,  and  that  I  must  give  him  in-  charge.  He  said  that  he  could  not  understand  what  we  meant,  and  that  he  would  go  on  to  the  acceptors  with  me.  I  had  the  bill  in  my  hand,  but  did  not  show  it  to  him  after  I  had  received  it  from  Mr.  Chapman.  I  said  it  was  useless  to  go  to  the  gentleman  whose  acceptance  the  bill  appeared  to  be,  as  they  had  seen  the  bill,  and  said  that  it  was  not  their  acceptance.  He  made  no  reply  to  that.  Daniel  Forrester,  who  had  been  sent  for  by  Messrs.  Overend,  Gurney,  and  Chapman,  came  in  while  the  prisoner  was  waiting  in  the  office,  and  I  said  I  must  give  the  prisoner  in  charge  to  Mr.  Forrester,  I  do  not  recollect  whether  he  made  any  observation  upon  the  occasion.  He  and  Forrester  then  left  the  office  to  go  to  the  prisoner's  office  to  see,  as  I  under understood,  stood, understood,  what  property  might  be  there.  The  witness,  upon  being  asked  how  he  knew  there  was  any  property  at  the  prisoner's  office,  said  he  imagined  that  such  was  the  case,  but  not  in  consequence  of  any  conversa conversation  tion conversation  he  had  had  with  the  prisoner.  I  retained  possession  of  the  bill.  I  had  given  nothing  for  it.  I  did  not  discount  it.  I  am  quite  sure  the  bill  produced  is  the  same  bill  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  brought  to  me,  and  which  I  gave  to  Mr.  Chapman.  I  have  not  since  had  any  conversation  with  the  prisoner,  nor  have  I  seen  him  since  until  I  saw  him  in  custody  at  the  Mansion-house.  I  had  previously  discounted  for  the  pri prisoner,  soner, prisoner,  and  have  bills  still  outstanding.  I  know  his  writing,  and  am  of  opinion  that  the  endorsement  of  his  name  on  the  bill  is  his.  The  Lord  Mayor  :  Do  you  believe  that  there  is  something  in  the  outstanding  bills  ?  Witness  :  I  have  reason  to  believe  that  there  is.  They  are  not  in  our  possession.  The  following  is  a  copy  of  the  bill  of  exchange  :  B  2,  165.  Calcutta,  4th  October,  1863.  No.  620,  exchange  for  £2,250.  90  days  after  sight  pay  this  first  of  exchange,  (second  and  third  unpaid)  to  the  order  of  Mr.  J.  Du Dupont,  pont, Dupont,  the  sum  of  two  thousand  two  hundred  and  fifty.  pounds  sterling  value  in  account  L.  and  S.,  which  place  to  account  as  advised.  J.  LE  BRUN.  Messrs.  J.  and  C.  Van  Notten  and  Co.,  London.  Accepted  loth  December,  1853,  for  two  thousand  two  hundred  and  fifty  pounds,  payable  when  due,  at  Messrs.  Martin  and  Co.  J.  and  C.  Van  Notten  and  Co.  The  following  letter,  containing  the  delivery  warrant  for  currants,  copied  below,  was  found  in  the  possession  of  the  prisoner.  It  was  not  addressed  to  any  person  :  _  _  Dear  Sir,—l  have  but  this  moment,  Tuesday,  obtained  the  enclosed.  In  course  of  the  afternoon  I  will,  if  possible,  come  down  and  complete  the  other  matters  ;  but  I  cannot  promise,  as  I  have  so  much  on  hand.  If  I  am  not  down  at  four,  I  shall  be  obliged  to  postpone  it  until  to-mor to-morrow.—Believe  row.—Believe to-morrow.—Believe  me,  yours  truly,  W.  B.  Custom  House  Quay.—Speeial  Security,  1.2,968.  Warehouses,  London,  October,  14,  1853.  Warrant  for  20  casks  of  currants,  imported  in  the  Countess  Lonsdale,  Little,  master,  from  Hambro  ;  entered  on  the  3d  October,  1853,  by  Iran  Notten  and  Co.  deliver deliverable  able deliverable  to  W.  B.  Anderson  or  their  assigns,  by  indorsement  thereon,  all  charges  payable.  Mark.  •  G.  &amp;  B.  Twenty  Casks  Currants.  1  d2O  cwt.  qr.  lbs.  361  0  5  F.  Blake,  warehouse  Keeper.  Jno.  Silverlock,  Superintendent.  Custom  House  Quay  Warrant.  Endorsed.  Deliver  the  within-mentioned  goods.  W.  B.  Mr.  Lambert  Van  Notten  Pole,  merchant  of  Nos.  2  and  3,  Lime-street-square,  City,  said—l  have  one  partner,  and  we  trade  under  the  firm  of  J.  and  C.  Van  Notten  and  Co.  There  is  not  a  Mr.  Van  Notten  in  the  firm.  We  bank  at  Messrs.  Martin  and  Co.'s,  and  make  our  bills  payable  there.  The  acceptance  to  the  bill  of  exchange  produced  is  not  in  my  writing,  nor  in  that  of  my  partner,  nor  has  it  been  written  by  my  authority.  I  have  never  heard  of  any  other  firm  of  the  same  name  trading  in  London.  The  bill  of  ex exchange  change exchange  is  entirely  unknown  to  me,  and  so  is  the  supposed  drawer.  _  _  Daniel  Forrester,  principal  officer  of  the  Mansion-house,  said---Yesterday  afternoon,  at  about  three  o'clock,  I  was  sent  for  to  the  house  of  Messrs.  Overend,  Gurney,  and  Chapman,  and  I  saw  Mr.  Chapman.  I  then  went  by  his  direction,  with  William  Clarke,  to  the  office  of  Messrs.  Womersley  and  Burt,  in  Lombard-street  Chambers,  Clement's-lane.  When  I  got  there  I  was  ushered  into  a  room  where  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  *as  by  Mr:  Wornersley,  who  said,  This  is  Forrester,  and  I  must  give  you  in'charge.&#34;  I  understood  it  was  upon  the  subject  of  some  bill  which  was  forged,  and  the  name  of  Van  Totten  was  mentioned,  and  whilst  I  was  there  a  Mr.  Fries  came  in,  and  asked  the  prisoner  for  £1,600,  and  the  prisoner,  and  Mr.  Fries,  and  Clarke,  and  I,  went  in  a  cab  to  Bread-street,  where  the  prisoner  said  he  ex expected  pected expected  the  money  was.  The  money  not  having  arrived  there,  we  went  to  Billiter-street,  where  the  prisoner  went  up  the  staircase  of  No.  21,  and  turned  short  to  the  left  slammed  the  door  and  went  in,  and  through  another  door  down  another  staircase,  No.  22,  and  into  the  street.  He  had  muttered  a  word  or  two  to  a  gentleman  into  whose  office  he  had  turned,  and  he  then  suddenly  started,  through  the  other  door.  I  ran  after  him,  and  he  was  stopped  at  the  corner  of  Mincing-lane.  I  found  in  his  possesion  two  Bank  of  England  notes—the  one  for  £5OO,  the  other  for  100,  and  the  letter  and  warrant  for  the  currants.  The  Lord  Mayor  :  Do  you  belies  o  the  warrant  relates  to  some  other  charge  ?  _  - STYLE=superscript  Witness  :  I  do.  I  found  a  great  many  papers  at  his  counting-house.  Mr.  Vallings,  (of  the  firm  of  Young  and  Vallings)  attended  to  watch  the  proceedings  on  the  part  of  Messrs.  Overend,  Gurney,  and  Chapman,  and  stated  that  there  were  several  other  charges  of  a  similar  kind  against  the  prisoner,  one  of  them  being  to  the  amount  of  £3,050.  Mr.  Hobler  applied  to  the  Lord  Mayor  to  allow  his  client,  who,  he  said,  had  carried  on  business  six  or  seven  years  in  the  city  with  a  high  character,  to  give  in  bail  to  appear  on  the  day  of  the  second  examination.  The  strongest  oppsition  was  made  to  the  application  to  admit  bail,  and  The  Lord  Mayor  said  lie  could  not  for  a  moment  think  of  accepting  bail  whatever  might  be  the  amount  proposed,  and  however  high  the  character  of  the  securities.  The  prisoner  was  taken  sobbing  from  the  bar,  and  who  never  for  a  moment  uncovered  any  part  of  his  face,  was  then  remanded,  and  conveyed  to  prison  in  a  cab."
