text
"Infsurantt  fotireo.  UNITY  FIRE  INSURANCE  ASSOCIATION.  Capital  £1,000,000  sterling,  the  whole  fully  sub subscribed  scribed subscribed  for  by  upwards  of  five  thousand  shareholders,  whose  names  and  addresses  were  published  in  the  Times  and  other  morning  papers,  on  Saturday,  24th  September,  1853.  The  success  that  has  attended  this  association  from  its  for formation,  mation, formation,  is  unprecedented.  It  is  supported  by  the  most  powerful  and  numerous  constituency  existing—a  fact  that,  o  f  itself,  must  r  ender  its  solid  advancement  a  certainty,  w  hile  the  principles  on  which  it  is  establi  shed  are  such  as  to  command  the  support  of  the  public  generally.  With  respect  to  rates,  it  is  not  intended  to  underbid  other  offices,  or  to  diminish  the  full  margin  of  profits,  without  which  neither  the  assured  nor  the  assurers  would  be  safe  ;  but  to  return  the  profits,  not  to  a  few  capitalists  who  might  be  the  exclusive  holders  of  the  property  of  this  association,  but  to  those  nu numerous  merous numerous  and  known  parties  from  whom  the  profits  have  been  actually  derived;  not  to  bestow  occasional  bonuses  at  will,  whether  large  or  small,  but  to  repay  as  a  debt  to  the  insurers  two-thirds  of  all  surplus,  and  one-third  to  the  shareholders.  The  manner  in  which  this  mutual  advantage  meets  with  the  support  of  the  public  may  be  best  explained  by  the  fact  that  in  the  last  two  weeksending4th  October,  1853,  792  insurances  have  been  received  for  property  to  the  extent  of  £582,145,  being  at  the  rate  of  issuing  nineteen  thousand  policies,  in insuring  suring insuring  nearly  fourteen  millions  sterling  per  annum,  while  the  total  number  of  new  insurances  completed  in  the  past  twelve  months  is  6,392,  insuring  property  to  the  amount  of  £3,082,145  JOHN  SMITH,  Local  Manager  for  Liverpool  Offices—Commerce  Court,  11,  Lord-street.  UNITY  FIRE  INSURANCE  ASSOCIATION.  Chief  Offices-40,  Pall  Mall,  London.  _  _  _  October,  18,  1853  At  a  Meeting  of  the  Directors  of  the  Unity  Fire  Insurance  Association,  held  at  the  Chief  Offices,  40,  Pall  Mall,  on  Fri Friday,  day, Friday,  the  7th  instant,  it  was  resolved  unanimously  that  the  following  propositions  be  Irecommended  to  the  Proprietors:—  I.  That  the  Capital  of  the  Unity  Fire  Insurance  Associa Association  tion Association  be  increased  to  the  amount  of  £2,000,000,  by  calling  in  the  existing  or  original  500,000  Shares  in  the  Capital  of  the  Company  of  £2  each,  and  creating  and  issuing  2,000,000  New  Shares  of  V.  each.  11.  That  One  Million  of  such  New  Shares  of  £1  each  be  issued  to  the  existing  Shareholders  'of  the  Company,  at  or  on  the  price  or  deposit  of  2s.  6d.  per  Share,  and  be  apportioned  among  them,  so  that  each  existing  Shareholder  shall  be  allotted  and  receive  two  of  such  New  Shares  of  £1  each  in  lieu  of  and  exchange  for  every  existing  or  original  Share  of  £2  each  held  by  him  or  her.  111.  That  the  moneys  paid  to  the  Company  by  the  several  holders  of  the  existing  or  original  500,000  Shares  of  £2  each  in  respect  of  the  deposit  of  os.  per  Share  paid  or  payable  upon  such  Shares,  shall  be  taken  into  account  and  allowed  to  them  respectively  in  full  pay payment  ment payment  and  discharge  of  the  price  or  deposit  of  2s.  6d.  per  Share  to  be  paid  in  respect  of  the  One  Million  New  Shares  of  £1  each,  to  be  created  and  issued  to  them  as  aforesaid.  IV.  That  the  remaining  One  Million  New  Shares,  of  £1  each  be  issued  at  the  price  of  6s.  per  Share;  to  be  paid  by  the  Allottees  of,  or  Subscribers  for,  the  same  respectively,  on  their  respectively  executing  the  Com Company's  pany's Company's  Deed  of  Settlement.  In  accordance  with  the  above  Resolution,  Notice  is  hereby  given,  that  an  Extraordinary  General  Meeting  of  the  Pro Proprietors  prietors Proprietors  of  this  Association  will  be  holden  at  the  Chief  Of Offices,  fices, Offices,  40,  Pall  Mall,  London,  on  Tuesday,  the  Bth  day  of  November,  1853,  at  Eleven  for  Twelve  o'clock  at  Noon  precisely,  for  the  purpose  . STYLE=superscript  of  considering  the  same.  By  order  of  the  Board,  THOMAS  H.  BAYLIS,  .General  Manager  and  ecretary.  GROUX'S  IMPROVED  SOAP  COMPANY,  Manufactory,  Great  Cambridge-street,  London.  Agent  to  the  Company  JOSEPH  R.  PIM.  Tht  SOAPS  manufactured  by  this  Company  obtain  the  advantage  over  others  by  their  improved  process  of  Manu Manufacture,  facture, Manufacture,  together  with  the  superiority  and  combination  of  their  ingredients.  They  contain,  by  analysis,  twenty  per  cent.  less  water,  and.retain  their  weight,  shape,  and  perfume  in  the  warmest  climate,  and  thus,  for  shipment  and  for  home  consumption,  they  /have  obtained  a  decided  preference.  Merchants  and  Shippers  can  obtain  samples  and  lowest  prices  at  the  Agent's  Offices,  47,  Tower-buildings,  Liverpool,  and  2,  Mersey-view,  Birkenhead."
