text
"INDIAN  MAIL.  The  Indus  steam•ship  arrived  at  Southampton  this  morning,  Thursday,  with  the  heavy  portion  of  the  East  India,  China,•and  Mediterranean  mails.  She  left  Gibraltar  on  the  12th.  Her  dates  from  Alexandria  are  to  the  4th,  and  Malta  Bth  inst:,  and  Gibraltar  the  12th  inst.  The  Indus  brings  45  passengers,  and  on  freight  953  bales  and  92  cases  silk,  and  a  miscellaneous  cargo  of  opium,  shawls,  fruit,  &amp;c.  The  Indus  spoke  her  Majesty's  ship  Leopard  on  the  Bth,  and  the  Terrible  on  the  12th  instant;  the  latter  off  Cape  Trafalgar.  Her  Majesty's  ship  - STYLE=superscript  Queen,  bound  to  the  Medi Mediterranean,  terranean, Mediterranean,  passed  Gibraltar  on  the  11th  inst.,  with-  whoring  PENINSULAR  MAIL.  In  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  yesterday,  we  announced  the  arrival  of  the  Iberia,  at  Southamp Southampton,  ton, Southampton,  with  the  usual  Peninsular  mails,  and  dates  From  Gibraltar  to  the  Bth  ;  Cadiz  the  9th;  Lisbon  the  11th  ;  and  Vigo  the  12th.  .  .  From  Gibraltar  we  have  accounts  to  the  Bth  inst.  Her  Majesty's  steamer  Leopard,  six  days  from  Cork,  arrived  on  the  Ist  instant,  with  troops,  and  left  for  Malta  on  the  3rd.  The  Neapolitan  steamer  Calabrese,  eight  days  from  Havre,  arrived  on  the  31st  ult.,  and  proceeded  to  Naples.  ,  The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Com Company's  pany's Company's  screw  steamer  Douro,  five  days  from  South Southampton,  ampton, Southampton,  arrived  on  the  Ist  instant,  and  proceeded  for  Malta  and  Constantinople.  The  screw-steamer  Orontes  passed  the  straits  to  the  eastward  on  the  3rd.  The  screw-steamer  Tiber,  five  days  from  Naples,  arrived  on  the  Bth  instant,  and  sailed  the  same  day  for  Liverpool.  The  screw-steamer  Li Livorno  vorno Livorno  was  in  the  bay  when  the  Iberia  left,  as  also  her  Majesty's  steam-frigate  Vesuvius.  At  Gibraltar  exchanges  were  quoted  as  follows  :  —On  London,  52k  ;  Paris,  sf.  37c.  ;  Marseilles  and  Genoa,  sf.  39c.  ;  Madrid  and  Barcelona,  I  dis.  ;  Cadiz,  Seville,  and  Valencia,  dis.  ;  Alicante,  dis.  ;  Malaga,  par  ;  Spanish  pillared  dollars,  10i  per  cent.  premium.  .  .  A  screw-steamer,  supposed  to  be  from  Liverpool  was  off  Oporto  on  the  12th  inst.  LIVERPOOL  AMATEUR  GLEE  AND  MADRIGAL  UNION.  This  society's  sixth  performance  is  announced  to  be  given  this  Evening,  in  the  New  Clayton  Hall,  when,  in  addition  to  the  ordinary  selection  of  Glees  and  Madrigals,  three  Piano-forte  Pieces  will  be  performed  by  Herr  Frederick  Unger,  a  German  pianiste  of  remarkable  ability,  whose  debut  at  Manchester  on  Wednesday  evening  was  most  successful,  The  conductor  will  be  Mr.  Lidel.  THE  NORTITERN  RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY!  PUBLIC  MEETING  IN  MANCHESTER  Id  in  t  syhlpathy  with  the  Turks  in  their  j  lussia  to  maintain  and  defend  the  independence  of  their"
