text
"THE  NORTIIERN  DAILY  TIMES,,  SHREWSBURr  AND  CHESTER  R.A.MIVAI  'OMPANY;  The  Ordinary  laalflyearly  mdeting  of  the  Shrewsbury  and  Chester  Railway  proprietors  teas  held,  yesterday;  at  the  Royal  Hotel,  Chester,  for  the.  transaction  of  the  ordinary  business  of  the  Company;  and  also  a,  special  meeting  for  consideiing,  and  if  approved  Of;  passing'  reselittinns,  alitliorizifig  the  Directors  to  raise  the  iuni  0fX76,140,-  being  the  balance  re remaining  maining remaining  unissued  of  the  6,173,400  preference  stock  authorised  to  be  issued  by  act  of  Parliament  ;  also  a  proposal  for  inves investigating  tigating investigating  the  state  of  the  shares  and  transfers  in  the  months  of  June  and  July,  1851;  John  Escp,  occupied  the  chair,  and  there  Was  a  large  attendance  of  shareholders:  he  SEtRETARY  (Mr.  Nicholls)  then,  at  the  call  of  the  Chairman,  read  the  advertisement  convening  the  meeting,  also  the  following  report  :  The  shareholder§  will  10'6  seen,  from  the  accounts  already  laid  betefe  Were  theni,  that  the  traffic  for  the  half  ydat,  oacling.  30th  June,  slims  a  considerable  and  regular  increase  in  the  traffic,  of  the  line;  over  that  of  preCeding  half  years,  notwithstanding  the  .preSsure  of  the  competition  which  has  for  so  long  a  tithe  httri  viOighing  iipoti  your  pro property.  perty. property.  AbStrad  of  the  traffic  accouut  for  the  past  half halfyear  year halfyear  :—Passenger  traffic—number,  215,646,  £18,326  3s  lid;  Goods  traffic—tons,  269,099,  £32,1024s  7d;  Total,  £50,428  8s  6d.  Corresponding  half  of  the  preceding  year  !  Pas Passenger  senger Passenger  traffic—number  )  184,080,  .L  16,742  13s  6d;  Goods  traffic--tons,  30;277,  £26,703  125  .  8d;  Taal;  £43,486  6s  2:  Showing  a  total  iiiprodso  of  84  2  toils;  30,660  pas passengers).  sengers). passengers).  and  in  athoiii!t.of  receipts;  10  ;  9  , STYLE=superscript  :t2  N  4d,  or  £267  p'er  week  for  tho  lank  nalf-year,  over  the  corresponding  half halfyeAt  yeAt halfyeAt  iii  1852.  Though  there  is,  as  shewn  above,  a  large  increase  in  the  total  receipts  in  the  last  half-year,  yet  the  amount  received  on  the  through  traffic.  has  considerably  diminished,  partly  in  consequence  of  the  London  and  North  Western  Company  having  prapcally  fcdticed.  their  pas passenger  senger passenger  fares  to  .  a  lower  rate  than  is  charged  on  this  line,  and  partly  fikini  this  company  having  declined,  during  some  part  of  the  half-year,  to  continue  carrying  a  certain  description  of  through  tralkc  at  the  existing  very  low  and  inadequate  rates.  By  this  means,  however,  they  were  enabled  to  in increase  crease increase  their  accommodation  for  the  local  traffic.  Your  directors  do  not  anticipate  ally  profitable,  _increase  on  this  through  WU  )  Until  the.  dreat  WeStern  line  it  ,completed  for  01'010.  Working.  The,  rise  in  the  pri6  of  labour  and  Materials  has  not  failed  to.  hti4'e  itB  drat  on  the  working  expenses  of  this  line,  and  tile  directors  regret  that  so  large  a  Suin  should  have  been  absorbed  in  the  expenses  of  working.  The  expenditure  in  the  locomotive  department,  which  is  the  heaviest  item  in  the  working  charges  oft  fed  Way,  Will  be  very  considerably  reduced  OLT  the  new  arrangements  made  in  this  department'.  The  line  from  Ludlow  to  •  Here Hereford  ford Hereford  and  Abefgavenny  will  be  opened  in  the  course  of  the  promnt  half-.year,  connecting  the  iron  districti  of  South  Wales  with  Liverpool.  Local  mineral  traffic  has  very  con considerably  siderably considerably  increaSed,  and  with  Mich  arrangements  at  Bir Birkenhead  kenhead Birkenhead  as  Wonld  iniprove  the  shipping  accommodation— accommodationth'e  th'e accommodationth'e  trade  may  still  be  doubled.  Your  directors  are  now  negociating  for  the  required  additional  accommodation,  with  s.  The  pmliaytentail  every  prospect  of  sum  i  meeedings  of  the  half-year  have  been  confined  to  the  opposition  made  to  lines  projected  by  hoStiiil  parties.  Your  directors  felt  it  their  duty  Most  strenuously  to  oppose  ,  a  bill  for  a  railway  from  Shrewsbury  to  Crewe—promoted  by  the  London  and  North  Western  Company,  for  the  purpose  of  abstracting  the  traffic  between  Shrewsbury,  Hereford,  and  South  Wales  on  the  one  hand  s  and  Manchester,  Lancashire,  York Yorkshire,  shire, Yorkshire,  and  the  North  on  the  other.  Your  directors  regret  that  they  were  not  successful  in  their  opposition.  Another  scheme  which  it  was  incumbent,  on  your  directors  to  oppose,  was  the  Shrewsbury  and  Newtown  line,  also  promoted  by  the  London  and  North  Western  Company,  Your  directors  were  successful  in  their  opposition  to  this  bill,  Which  was  thrown  out.  A  bill  for  a  line  front  dsWestry  to  Newtown,  in  friendly  hands,  which  had  been  encouraged  by  your  directors,  in  opposition  to  the  London  and  North  Western  Company's  proposed  Shrewsbury  and  Newton  Line,  was  also  thrown  out.  Your  directors  recommend,  that  this  should  be  taken.  up  and.  prosecuted  as  a  line  which  must  be  of  essential  im importance  portance importance  to  this  company,  A  new  scheme,  which  your  directors  consider  Neill  be  of  advantage,  is  now  in  agitation  for  a  railway  from  Wrexham  to  Ruthin.  There  is  also  a  scheme  for  a  short  line  from  the  Dee  Viaduct  to  Llangollen,  Which  your  directors  consider  calculated  to  be  of  great  service  to  the  interests  of  the  company.  It  it  With  feelings  of  great  satisfaction  that  your  directors  are  enabled  to  con congratulate  gratulate congratulate  the  shareholders  oh  the  state  of  the  protracted  negotiation  with  the  Great  Western  Company.  It  is  their  firm  and  decided  conviction  that  this  alliance  is  the  most  advantageous  for  your  property,  and  the  most  likely  to  be  sanctioned  by  the  legislature.  'Since  the  offer  contained  in  Mr.  Russell's  letter  and  memorandum  of  the  19th  August  last  was  excepted  by  the  general  meeting  on  the  13th  in instant,  stant, instant,  it  is  known  to  the  shareholders  that  a  subsequent  offer  has  heen  made  by  the  Great  Western  Company  in  terms  of  Mr.  Russell's  letter  of  the  ISth  instant,  tendering  to  . STYLE=superscript  the  shareholders  an  alternative  of  32  per  cent.  upon  their  capital  from  Ist  January  next,  with  half  surplus  profits.  Your  direc directors  tors directors  have  therefore  prepared  an  agreement  for  carrying  out  the  terms  of  amalgamation  agreed  to  at  the  meeting  of  the  13th  instant,  and  embracing  the  improved  offer  abovementioned.  The  earnest  though  successful  efforts  made  by  your  Direc Directors  tors Directors  to  induce  the  London  and  North  Western  Conipany  to  raise  their  rates  and  fares  for  goods  and  passengers  between  Birmingham  and  the  North,  have  already  been  brought  be before  fore before  the  shareholders  by  the  circulation  of  the  correspon correspondence  dence correspondence  which  took  place  between  that  Conipany  and•the  two  Shrewsbury  Companies,  and  their  allies,  the  Great  Western  Company  and  the  Duke  of  Bridgewater's  trustees.  The  four  Directors  to  retire  by  rotation  at  this  meeting  are  the  same  gentlemen  who  would  in  due  course  have  retired  at  the  ordinary  half-yearly  meeting  held  in  September  last,  had  such  meeting  not  been  interrupted  and  adjourned  sine  die,  viz.—Messrs.  John  Williams  (Chairman),  John  Royle,  James  Haswell,  and  Mr.  J.  F.  Gubbins,  who  was  elected  on  the  resignation  of  Mr.  Richard  Ellerton.  The  Directors  recommend  that  a  Dividend,  at  the  rate  of  1  per  cent.  per  annum,  be  paid  on  the  ordinary  share  capital  of  the  company,  besides  the  payment  of  the  dividends  on  the  preference  The  CHAIRMAN  said  there  was  one  point  which  was  omitted  in  the  report  by  a  little  oversight.  They  had  omitted  to  state  that  they  had  lost,  during  the  past  half  year,  the  services  of  their  Secretary,  Mr.  Darkin,  and  they  had  appointed  Mr.  Nicholls  in  his  stead.  He  mentioned  it  now,  as  a  motion  would  be  founded  upon  it.  In  one  of  the  paragraphs  of  the  report,  it  was  stated  the  directors  have  prepared  and  signed  an  agrement  for  carrying  out  the  terms  of  the  amalgamation  agreed  to  at  the  - STYLE=superscript  meeting  of  the  lath  inst.,  and  embracing  the  improved  offer  above  alluded  to.  He  thought  the  secretary  had  better  read  that  agreement  now,  so  that  the  whole  subject  might  be  before  the  meeting.  The  SECRETARY  then  read  the  terms  of  agreement  drawn  up  between  the  respective  Companies,  and  the  Great  Western  Company.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  rose  and  said—the  report,  or  the  greater  part  of  it,  related  to  matters  of  internal  manage management,  ment, management,  and  as  regard  those,  they  were  rather  subjects  for  the  Board  to  answer  any  inquires  that  might  be  made  by  any  gentlemen  present,  than  for  an  address  on  his  part  with  re reference  ference reference  to  those  matters.  There  was  one  subject,  which,  as  he  said  before,  ought  to  have  been  introduced  into  the  re report,  port, report,  which  was,  that  their  old  and  valued  secretary,  Mr.  Darkin,  had  been  obliged,  from  ill  health,  to  abandon  his  post,  and  the  directors  had  apppointed,  until  the  general  meeting,  Mr.  Nicholls,  who  had,  for  many  years,  been  the  company's  traffic  manager,  to  the  position  held  by  Mr.  Dar Darkin,  kin, Darkin,  and  it  would  be  for  the  meeting  to  confirm  the  appoint appointment,  ment, appointment,  and  to  continue  the  salary  appropriated  to  the  office.  (Hear,  hear).  Another  subject,  which  created  some  interest  at  the  last  meeting,  was  the  claim  against  the  company  which  had  been  put  forward  by  their  en,gineer,  for  a  very  large  sum  aleged  to  be  due  to  him  from  the  'company.  He  (the  Chairman)  had  hoped  this  matter  would  have  been  fully  settled  before  the  present  time.  They  had  endeavoured  to  settle  it,  hut  they  had  failed.  However,  they  had  so  far  agreed  to  refer  the  whole  matter  to  arbitration,  and  the  party  they  selected  to  act  as  the  arbitrator  was  to  make  his  award  as  quickly  as  possible,  stating  whether  any  thing,and  if  so  what,  was  due  to  Mr.  Roberts.  (Hear,  hear).  Ee  (the  Chair Chairman)  man) Chairman)  was  not  aware  there  were  any  other  matters  connected  with  the  internal  management  on  which  it  was  necessary  for  him  to  take  up  the  time  of  the  meeting.  There  was,  how however,  ever, however,  one  matter  of  external  management  which  was  of  great  interest,  and  that  was  their  relation  with  the  Great  Western  Company.  The  document  (terms  of  agreement)  they  had  just  heard  read,  reminded  them,  that  at  the  special  meeting  of  the  company,  held  on  the  13th  instant,  the  terms  which  were  then  proposed  to  the  company  by  the  Great  Western  were  agreed  to  by  a  large  majority  of  the  Shareholders,  and  the  Directors  were  instructed  to  use  their  best  endeavours  to  obtain  better  terms,  or,  in  the  words  of  the  resolution,  terms  more  commensurate  with  the  value  of  the  property.  (Hear,  hear.)  On  the  following  day,  the  Great  Western  Company  met  the  Shrewsbury  and  Birmingham  Company,  and  at  this  meeting  an  amended  offer  was  made  by  the  Great  Western,  and  on  the  following  day  the  same  terms  were  communi communicated  cated communicated  to  the  Directors  of  this  company,  in  a  letter  from  Mr.  Russell  to  him  (the  Chairman),  thus  putting  it  out  of  their  power  to  make  the  proposal.  The  Great  Western  was  before  hand  with  the  Directors,  and  made  the  offer  unasked,  (hear,  hear),  and  it  was  the  offer  which,  under  the  instruc instructions  tions instructions  they  received  from  the  Shareholders  on  the  13th  of  September,  they  had  carried  out  by  sealing  the  agreement  which  they  had  just  heard  read.  (Applause.)  On  the  day  after  the  last,  which  was  a  very  interesting  meeting,  the  honourable  proprietor  who  moved  the  amendment  di  him  (the  Chairman)  the  honour  to  call  on  him,  and  to  express  with  all  the  candour,  openness,  and  frankness,  which  be belonged  longed belonged  to  him,  how  much  pleased  he  was  at  the  result.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter.)  He  rejoiced,  he  said,  as  they  were  to  be  beaten  at  all,  that  they  were  to  be  beaten  soundly,  which  was  rather  a  peculiar  feeling,  but  one  very  natural,  for  A  secret  joy  the  bruiser  knows  In  giving  and  receiving  blows—  An  inward  transport  only  tasted  By  those  who've  thoroughly  been  (Great  laughter.)  He  (the  Chairman)  did  not  envy  him  the  enjoyment  of  the  pleasure,  and  it  gave  him  great  satisfaction  to  - STYLE=superscript  observe  the  candour  With  which  he  made  the  declaration.  (Hear,'  hear.)  The  coin*  'proposed  on  the  present  occasion  was  this.  He  would  first  read  to  them  the  resolutions  which  it  was  his  intention  to  move  from  the  chair,  and  afterwards  he  would  move  them  seriatim.  The  first  resolution  would  be,  that  the  report  now  read,  and  the  accounts  be  received  and  adopted,  and  that  the  same  be  printed  and  circulated  amongst  the  Shareholders,—.  The  next  was;  that  the  dividends  of  £8  per  cent.,  aild  per  cent.  on  the  preferenCe  stock,  be  made  payable  on  the  14th  of  October;  and  then.  that  a  diyidend  of  one  per  cent.  on  t  he  ordinary  stock  Of  the  company  he  deClared  without  deducting  income  tax,  and  be  made  payable  on  the  14th  of  October:  He  should  next  move  that  Mr.  John  Williams  (chairman);  Mr:  John  Boyle;  and  Mr:  Jas.  Haswell;  be  te  74 STYLE=superscript  eleeted  directors;  anti  that  Mr;  Samuel  Hearne;  the  respected  Mayor  of  Liverpool,  at  the  present  tithe  thu  bdcl  consented  to  undertake  the  office  of  director  there,  be  elected  as  a  director  in  the  place  of  Mr.  J.  P.  Gubbins:  (Applause.)  He  would  then  move  that  the  appointment  of  Mr.  Nicholls,  as  Secretary,  be  confirmed,  at  a  salary  of  £350  per  annum.  Aftdi  that;  lid.WoUld  bo  lilt°  thi,  s'ul?,jects  cot  whkli  the  meeting  was  Made  sr:eeial,  but  at  presefit  it  was  not  Well  to  efietlinbet  the  Meeting  liy  Making  any,  obserYationg  on  theni:  .  He  would,  therefore;  move  the  adoption  of  the  report  and  ac accolititSi,4fid  colititSi,4fid accolititSi,4fid  their  circulation  ani  - STYLE=superscript  EMEst  the  shareholders:  Mr.  THORNTON  :  Is  it  permitted  any  shafelididei  td  pose  a  resolution  to  the  meeting  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  By  all  Means:  •  .  Mr.  TUORI;TTON  :  I  have  one  which  I  should  like  to  pro propoaiel  poaiel propoaiel  Will  I  read  it  1  The  CHAIRMAN  i  It  is  tor  you  to  say  Whether  yolf  Will  read  it  now  or  when  you  are  about  to  propose  it.  Mr.  THORNTON  i  Very  well  ;  as  ypti  please.  _  _  _  The  CHAIRMAN  then  proposed  the  first  resolution  which  was  carried,  with  but  a  few  dissentients:  The  CniinaiAl4  next  proposed  that  the  dividends  on  the  preference  shares  be  paid  on  the  14th  of  October.  Agreed  The  dHArn3i.  likewise  Moved  that  a  diVidend  of  one  per  cent.  be  made  payable  on  the  ordinary  shafts  ;  on  the  14th  of  October:  Agreed  to.  The  CHAIIiMAN  next  prdposed  that  Messrs;  John  Williams,  John  Royle.,  and  !antes  Haswell  ;  be  re-elected  directors,  and  that  Mri  Samuel  noble  be  elected  a  director  ;  in  the  room  of  Mi.  J.  P:  Club  Mr.  J.  P.  GUBBINS  seconded  the  motion.  Sir.  Wm.  JOHNSON  said  he  had  a  resolution  to  propose,  and  as  it  would  embrace  au  opposition  both  to  the  re-elec re-election  tion re-election  of  the  directors  and  to  the  special  report  which  the  directors  had  brought  up,.  probably,  if  it  were  let  come  on  at  the  end  9f  the  business,  it  would  be  better:  The  QiiAtitztiAlt  i  Yeiy_good  sir,,  •  Ithi.z.iitOß  said,  before  the  resolution  Was  put,  he  thought  parties  having  objections  to  it  should  be  allowed  to  state  them.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  proposed  to  state  his  objection  to  tho  resolution,  and  •to  move  an  amendment  to  it.  The  CA:kit:MAN  i  fly  all  niealiS.  Mr.  MUNROE  :  The  motion  which  had  been  made  by  the  chairman,  was  to  nominate  four  directors  in  the  place  of  those  who  ought  to  have_  retired  last  year.  Now,  it  struck  him,  (Mr.  Munroe),  in  the  first  placej  thOe  Was  a  decided  objection  to  re-electing  three  of  those  parties;  lie  knew  no  objection  to  the  Mayor  of  Liverpool.  .lie  would  ,be  an  acquisition  to  the  company,  and  certainly  infuse  new  blood,  and  new  spirit,  and  new  hopes,  into  the  ..eipeciations,df  the  general  bocls  of  the  shareholders:  Ike,  (.ur.  Munroe)  could  not  allow  this  opportunity  to  pass  without  stating  that  the  notice  now  moved,  c  tine  on  most  of  them  by  surprise,  because  they  anticipated,  instead  of  electing  four  members  to  their  direction,  they  should  have  the  opportunity  of  electing  eight  Why  For  this  reason.  athongst  I  am  quite  satis  The  0  HAIRMAI4.  -ni  Mt  others.;---the  iridividtlidS  - STYLE=superscript  *he  were  then  propoied  to  be  re-elected,  (he  alluded  of  course  to  three  cif  them)  should  have  gone  out  twelve  months  ago,  and  he  (Mr.  Munroe)  rather  thought  the  spirit  of:the  statute  was,  that,  along  with  those  four  directors  who  ought  to  have  gone  out  twelve  months  ago,  four  more  ought,now  to.  retire  ul  the  terms  of  the  stattltary  regidatiori:  liii  gaiV  Mr.  butt,  the  legal  aciViger,  shaking  his  head,  but  he  believed  lawyers  differed  sometimes,  s  well  as  other  people,  and  he  (Mr.  Munroe)  was  well  informed  by  a  counsel,  equally  eminent  as  Mr.  Butt,  that  this  was  really  the  law,  (one  of  them  must  be  right,  which  he  could  not,  says)  but  he  had  in  his  pocket  the  opinion  of  One  of  the  first  laW5  - STYLE=superscript  eis  at  the  Engligh  bar,  to  the  effect  that  on  this  occasion  eight  directors  ought  to  be  elected  by  the  shareholders.  The  four  gentlemen  who  ought  to  have  gone  out  last  year,  and  who  were  now  eligible  for  re-election  were  retained  in  office,  he  would  not  like  to  use  an  offensive  expression,  but  were  re  . STYLE=superscript  -  tained  in  office  contrary,  to  all  propriety  }  fel'  on  that  occasion  the  chairman  left  the  chair,  and  would  not  put  the  motion  which  was  laid  before  the  meeting,  and  by  this  attempt,  those  directors  remained  in  office  for  another  twelve  months.  That  he  admitted;  but  they  did  so  improperly,  (hear,  hear,  and  no,  no;)  and  he  said  that  not  only  those,  but  other  four  gentlemen  whose  names  he  called  on  the  secretary  to  read;  who  retired  in  rotation,  should  go  out,  and  the  meeting  should  have  the  privilege  of  putting  in  parties  in  Vsiliona  tliey  had  confidence,  ite  then  asked  the  secfetary  t  6  read  the  names  of  the  next  fodr  gentlemen  who  retired  in  order.  The  CHAIRMAN  announced  that  the  directors  who  retired  next  in  order,  were  Messrs.  Harrison  (Deputy  Chairman,)  Roy,  Macintosh,  and  Major  French.  Mr.  MuNnoE  maintained  against  the  opinion  of  Mr.  Butt,  that  those  four  gentlemen  ought  to  retire  on  the  present  occasion,  and  he  (Mr.  Munroe)  protested  it  those  gentlemen  did  not  retire,  and  if  the  chairman  did  not  put  his  motion,  he  conceived  their  prbcoedings  were  filled  with  irregularities.  Why  he  (Mr.  Munroe,)  maintained  that  eight  directors  should  go  out,  was,  that  a  very  large  portion  of  the  proprietors  had  no  confidence  in  them,  because  they  had  tied  themselves  (not  the  company)  to  an  offer  which  was  prejudicial  to  the  interests  of  the  shareholders,  and  he  would  add,  that  the  agree agreement  ment agreement  which  had  been  read  to-day,  did  not  at  all  follow  out  the  principles  of  the  meeting  Which  was  held  in  that  room,  fourteen  days  ago.  One  of  the  clauses  of  that  deed  attempted  to  restrain  the  shareholders  from  exercising  their  privilege  at  the  Wharncliffe  order  meeting,  if  they  found  it  necessary  to  do  so.  If  he  were  mistaken,  he  wished  to  be  corrected.  Might  he  ask  if  he  might  assume  there  was  such  a  clause  in  the  deed  ;  for  if  not,  he  would  withdraw  his  mistaken  motion  on  the  subject.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  confess  I  do  not  understand  you.  Mr.  Murritot  asked  the  Secretary  to  read  the  clause:  The  SECRETARY  read  the  clause  in  the  agreement,  which  bound  the  directors  of  the  several  companies,  to  a  strenuous  and  bona-fide  endeavour  to  obtain  parliamentary  sanction  for  the  objects  intended  to  be  carried  out  by  the  agreement.  Mr.  MiimtoE  asked  whether  the  privilege  of  the  Wharn Wharncliffe  cliffe Wharncliffe  meeting  was  reserved  to  the  proprietary  ?  If  it  be  so,  he  should  say  no  more  on  the  subject,  but  if  it  excluded  them  from  exercising  their  privilege  on  the  Wharncliffe  Order  Meeting,  there  was  no  authority  given  at  the  last  meeting,  to  insert'  any  such  clause  in  their  deed,  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  was  entirely  confined  to  the  carrying  out  of  the  arrangement  with  the  Great  Western  Company,  and  that  implied  giving  their  support  to  the  agreement  at  the  Wharneliffe  Order  Meeting.  — STYLE=superscript  Mr.  MUNROE  put  it  to  the  meeting,  if  he  ere  not  putting  a  fair  construction  on  the  terms  of  the  deed,  and  he  declared  he  should  oppose  it  with  the  proxies  which  he  held.  He  contended  there  was  no  authority  for  putting  such  a  clause  in  the  deed,  mid  he  protested  against  it.  Whilst  on  his  legs,  allow  him,  (Mr.  Munroe)  to  say  one  word  with  respect  to  the  two  offers  which  he  conceived  were  before  the  meeting,  for  its  adoption.  They  were  in  this  position  now,  in  consequence  of  the  refusal  of  the  Chairman,  at  the  last  meeting,  to  give  access  to  the  documents  which  he  believed  would  show  the  majority  was  against  rather  than  with  the  directors.  (No,  no.)  He  saw  Mr.  Roy  laughing,  perhaps  they  should  have  another  turn  before  they  had  done.  (laughter.)  It  was  said  there  was  no  se security  curity security  for  the  per  cent  offered  by  the  London  North  Western,  whilst  there  was  large  security  for  the  the  34  per  cent.  and  the  half-profits,  which  the  Great  Western  had  lately  laid  before  them,  and  which,  he  said,  not  being  confirmed  b  the  Company,  was  open  to  legal  investigation.  (Hear,  hear.)  A  SHAREHOLDER,  rose  to  order.  The  question  imme immediately  diately immediately  before  the  meeting  was  the  election  of  four  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  to  serve  as  directors.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  submitted  to  the  hon.  proprietor  that  his  observations  might  be  very  per pertinent  tinent pertinent  to  another  feature  of  the  meeting,  but  the  question  now,  and  the  only  quest:on  before  the  meeting,  was  the  election  of  four  directors  in  place  of  those  who  were  re  tiring.  Mi..  MUNROE  said,  if  it  were  so  he  should  not  continue  discussing  the  matter  at  present.  As  regarded  the  directors,  the  shareholders  had  not  confidence  in  them,  and  his  reason  for  stating  this  was—and  he  should  beoi  n  with  the  chair chairman's  man's chairman's  predecessor,  Mr.  Wardle,  whom  'he  believed  to  be  a  most  estimable  gentleman,  and  he  would  not  say  one  word  against  his  private  character.  The  CHAIRMAN.-Mr.  Wardle  is  not  a  director,  (hear,  hear,  and  order).  dr.  MUNROE  understood  he  was  a  director,  (no,  no.)  As  he  was  not,  he  world  leave  Mr.  Wardle  alone,  but,  whatever  was  his  private  character  they  were  not  indebted  to  him  or  to  his  colleagues,  for  providing  the  shareholders  with  a  dividend  (hear,  hear).  Let  him  now  refer  to  Mr.  Roy,  he  was  one  of  the  directors.  Mr.  THORNTON.—Iie  is  not  on  the  list,  (cries  of  order,  and  hear,  hear).  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  motion  is,  that  the  three  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  whose  names  have  been  mentioned,  should  be  re-elected  directors.  Mr.  Roy  is  not  one  of  them.  (Hear,  hear,  and  a  cry  of  Mr.  MUNROE  :  Do  you  wish  me  to  confine  myself  to  those  three  gentlemen.  The  CuAinmaw  :  If  you  please.  Mr.  MuNnon  should  certainly  do  so  ;  perhaps  he  might  have  a  word  to  say  with  Mr.  Roy  by  and  by.  (Hear,  hear,  and  ..  Mr.  THORNTON  rose  to  order-  Mr.  MUNROE  :  I  shall  have  a  word  to  say  to  you  shortly  (Laughter.)  The  CHAIRMAN  thought  Mr.  Munroe  was  in  order.  Mr.  MUNROE  continued  to  say  that  when  a  servant  did  not  give  satisfaction,  or  when  gentlemen  appointed  to  ma manage  nage manage  a  trust  did  not  give  satisfaction,  there  ought  to  be  a  change.  He  asked  the  meeting  to  attempt  to  inflict  new  blood  upon  the  directory,  for  he  would  call  it  an  inflection.  With  regard  to  Mr.  Haswell,  the  great  body  of  Scotch  share shareholders  holders shareholders  had  no  confidence  in  him,  for  he  admitted  he  was  tied.to  the  Great  Western  offer,  and  would  be  opposed  to  everything  like  a  better  offer  from  other  parties,  especially  from  the  London  and  North  Western.  Those  remarks  were  also  applicable  to  the  other  two  gentlemen,  and  there  was  good  ground  why  they  should  desire  to  put  different  parties  in  the  direction.  It  was  impossible  he  could  say.  more  if  he  were  shut  out  from  referring  to  the  other  four  gentlemen  who  ought  to  retire,  and  he  thought  he  would  be  quite  in  order  in  referring  to  them.  The  CHAIRMAN  did  not  think  he  would.  Mr.  MUNROE  :  Must  I  then  make  a  substantive  motion  with  regard  to  it.  I  don't  require  you  to  maliO  a  motio:  a  putting  TO  shun:  kicat  laughter).  - STYLE=superscript  o  take  the  wh  lATUNII6E  was  anxious  question  Thoputtingin  of  four  individuals  was  a  mockery  and  a  clelu  , STYLE=superscript  sion.  Ito  Ifegge4.  to  propose  .as  an  amendment,  that  Mr  Kennedy,'  barrister,  be  appainte'a  in  place  . STYLE=superscript  of  Mr:  Haswell.  Mr.  R.  P.  Robinson  seconded  the  amendment,-  wtrioh  was  then  put  and  negatived  by  a  large  majority,  and  Mr.  Us Uswell's  well's Uswell's  re-election  declared  to  be  carried.  Itt7le  mid  Williams  were  then  re:appointed  with-  .en  proposed  flid  gpfointnl  out  further  opposition  The  CHAIRMAN  th  Samuel  Helm.  A  SHAREHOLDER  enquired  how  long  Mr.  llolme  had  been  a  Shareholder,  or  what  amount  of  stock  he  held  ?  The  ;  He  is  a  Shareholder.  The  SHAREHOLDER  assiinied  he  was,  but  he  wanted  to  knew  the  anteing  of  stock  he  held,  and  hew  long  he  was  a  shareholder.  .  .  ARQtlier  SHAREHOLDER  :  Does  he  hold  sufficient  to  qua  , STYLE=superscript  life  him?  The  CHAIR3IAN  :  He  does.  The  ..motion  for  Mr.  Holmes  appointment  was  then  carried.  ,  Mr.  Niclioll's  appointment;  as  secretary,  at  a  salary  of  £3soperannum,  was  confittetkl;  and  Mr;  Trevor  Was  re reelected.  elected. reelected.  auditor.  Mr.  MUNROE  then  moved  that  instead  of  M.  Hebert  Roy  one,  of  the  four  fl.dditional  Directors  following  in  order  to  retire,  Mr.  ,Gordon  Thompson  be  elected  in  .  the  first  instance.  He  thought  this  *as  a  competent  resolution,  and,  if  the  Chairman  refused  to  put  it,  he  knot  his  Femedy.  The  CirianmAN  refused  to  put  the  motion  in  .  that  form.  The  opinion:  of  .Sir  Fitzroy,  Kelly  and  Mr.  Butt  had  been  taken  on  this  subject,  and  they  Were  clearly  of  opinion  that  only  four  gentlemen  were  to  go  mit  now;  Three  of  those  gentlemen  had  been  re-elected,  and  ;tie  gentleman  elected  in  place  of  the  fourth.  Mr.  MusnoE  then  read  an  extract  of  an  opinion  of  Sir  F.  Thesiger,.  Which  stated  that  the  shareholders  ought  to  have  filled  up  the  directory  in  1852,  by  electing  four  per persons  sons persons  in  the  places  of  those  who  retired,  but  not  having  done  so,  he  thought  it  was  open  to  them  to  supply  the  omission  at  the'  nest  meeting,  and  there  .  would,  therefore  lie  eight  aiL  rectors  to  be  elected:  He  (Mr.  Munroe)  hoped  he  had  justified  himself  that  he  had  not  been  proceeding  without  due  caution  and  preparation.  The  ChAIRMAN.  —You  have  got  laid  a  case  and  got  another  opinion.  Mr.  MuNuon,--Will  you  do  me  the  favour  to  read  your  u  NROE.-I  will  read  you  mine.  The  CHAmmAN.—The  board  have  resolved  to  act  oii  the  inion  given  by  the  legal  advisers.  They  must  take  the  .  Mtr  t  srnot  thenhanded  in  a  prat  y,nin.st  the  proceed-  gs  .  and  said  it  Was  nd  Use  to  gd  into  the  other  'lames,  as  is  fixe4  the  .K.tXNED/,  said,  With  all  dale  SabniiSsiiiii  to  151A':  At  •  and  Sir  F.  Kelly,  he  begged  to  differ  from  their  inion.  He  knew  not  ;how  the  case  had  been  put  before  em  to  elicit  such  an  opinion;  but  he  would  say  that,  if  the  ivileges  Which  the  legiislative  confered  on  shareholders  rid  of,  the  act  was  completely  a  dead  tter.  The  74th  section  enitidWeied  the  chafinian  fa  adi  urn  a-  meeting  from  time  to  time,  but  not  sine  die  ;  end  he  neglected  to  call  another  meeting,  he  extinguished  it  thogether.  It  was  one  of  the  most  monstrous  propositions  ever  propounded,  to  say  in  the  event  of  a  tumult,  the  chairman  liad  the  pdiver  to  adjourn  sine  die:  .This  was  giving  the  directors  absolute  folVer.  He  direetdd  Mr:  Batts'  attention  to  the  last  words'of  the  8  vie.  cap.  16,  which  said  that  the  directors  were  to  go  out  of  office  in  three  years,  and  it  was  his  firm  conviction  they  ought  to  elect  eight;  not  four  direc directors  tors directors  at  present.  •  Sir  WILLIA3i  JOJINSON  announced,  with  regard  to  a  por portion  tion portion  of  ilid  sVtdal  )21uOiness  of  the  dayi  .  that  .he  and  his  friends  would  not  wish  to  lie  at  ilk  dipenSe  and  trouble  of  the  investimatiou  which  was  there  referred  to.  Jig  it  IVaO  only  to  extend  over  a  month  or  two  it  was  of  no  use,  and  if  it  were  to  go  over  the  whole  period  of  the  existence  of  the  company  ;  they  thought  it  would  be  inexpedient,  and  so  far  As  he  *as  coiiCein,e4;  they  would  have  nothing  to  do  with  it.  hear.)  t  o  At(  •  ear,  Lear.  C  was  a  tpropos  e  amendment  which  . STYLE=superscript  would  apply  to  the  motion  of  the  chairman,  and  ds  regarded  the  whole  of  the  proceedings  which  had  taken  place  to-day,  he  would  simply  move  that  this  meeting  dis disapproves  approves disapproves  of  the  re-election  of  directors  to  the  board;  to  give  effect  to  the  offer  of  the  Great  Western  Company,  inasmuch  as  it  precluded  the  board  from  considering  with  fairness,  even  an  diriended  If  i  t  dr  froth  ,  the  North  Western  COnipany,  should  slid  lid  itiadd:  And  Natter  this  meeting  declines  to  entertain  any  Oof  ff&amp;  4  per  cent.-  and  half  profits,  and  recommends  there  be  no  settlement  on  less  favourable  He,  (Sir  W.  Johnson)  was  not  without  hope,  that  what  was  suggested  at  the  end  of  the  motion,  might  yet  be  the  result.  It  was  only  fourteen  days  since  they  were  there  before,  and  he  predicted  if  they  had  `a  little  piiticpee;  they  would  get  a  little  supple  .ment  from  tile  Great  AV  esters  Couipaiit  i  and  he  put  it  to  the  meeting,  whether  his  prediction  had  not  proved  true.  (Hear,  hear.)  If  they  had  taken  a  different  course,  they  would-not  now  have  the  good  offer  they  had,  and  it  was  owing  to  the  opposition,  which  he  and  others  gave  those  offers,  and  lie  must  ask  them  to  keep  the  matter  still  open.  Let  them  still  receive  better  offers  from.  either  .of  the  com companies,  panies, companies,  and  itith  that  lie  would  be  perfectly  content.  As  viSe  and  honest  men,  wishing  to  make  the  most  they  could  of  their  property,  .they.  should  keep  the  door  open  for  an  offer  from  either  company.  He  held  that  if  a  company,  paying  no  dividend,  was  worth  3  per  cent.,  a  company  yielding  at  present  1  per  cent:  was  worth  more  (hear).  He  should  like  the  afeat  Western  Railway  to  Say  ithether  they  had  done  more  than  justice  to  the  Shrewsbury  and  Ilirminghani,  find  less  thad  justice  to  the  Chester  and  Shrewsbury  (hear,  hear).  This  was  his  (Sir  W.  - STYLE=superscript  Johnson's)  whole  quarrel  with  the  Great  Western  offer;  and  he  did  hope  before  another  few  weeks  had  pasSed  o've'r  ;  the  directors  would.  not  wait  for  the  Great  Western  to  make  the  amended  offer,  but  that  they  would  go  to  the  Great  Western  and  ask  for  an  amended  offer.  It  was  a  very  small  thing  which  was  not  worth  asking  for.  He  submitted  if  the  directors  went  in  earnest  to  the  Great  Western  and  asked  four  per  cent  instead  of  3i  per  cent.  cent.  it  would  be  giveii,  and.  if  it  were,  he  promised  theft  his  su  pport,  not  only  there,  but  at  the  Wharneliffe  meeting.  (Hear;  hear.)  If  they  got  foul'  per  cent:  they  would  have  ve  ry  little  reason  to  cornplain.  (Hear:)  It  was  next  to  wa  sting  time  to  try  to  upset  the  directors.  They  had  a  large  majority,  aad  a  great  deal  of  power,  and  if  they  used  it  properly,  they  would  meet  the  proprietors  another  time  With  a  better  offer.  He  begged  to  propose  his  amendment.  Mr.  B.  CA.mtnitii.  had  great  pleasure  in  geconding  the  mo=  tion  of  Sir.  W.  Johnson.  No  man  regretted  more  than  he  did  the  continued  agitation  which  had  taken  place  on  this  subject.  During  the  last  year  they  had  expended  £8;000  in  carrying  on  the  contest,  and  this  seemed  to  be  dirtying  On  business  more  for  the  benefit  of  parliamentary  lawyers  and  others,  than  for  the  ordinary  shareholders  of  the  company.  Ho  (Mr.  Campbell)  disupproved  of  the  offer  of  the  Creat  Western,  He  thought  the  railway  was  worth  more.  If  the  working  expenses  were  reduced  more  might  be  made  ;  and  looking  .  at  the  immense  amount  of  traffic  which  would  be  on  the  line,  he  thought  they  would  sacrifice  their  prosperity  by  selling  it  at  three  and  a  half  per  cent,  and  half  profits.  He  regretted  the  position  the  directors  had  taken  on  this  subject.  They  said  whatever  offer  the  Great  Western  made,  they  were  bound  to  take  it.  They  seemed  to  be  tied  neck  and  heels,  and  so  long  as  the  Great  Western  depended,  they  could  count  on  a  majority  in  the  board  of  directors.  The  shareholders  need  not  expect  to  receive  any  better  offer.  (Hear,  hear).  It  was  not  until  the  shareholders  ceased  to  support  the  Great  Western,  that  they  came  forward  with  any  amended  offer.  In  1851  iey  had  a  large  majority  in  favor  of  the  Great  Western,  and  at  the  last  meeting  )  they  had  not  one  third  of  the  majority,  and  it  was  because  the  Great  Wes Western  tern Western  feltthe  power  was  falling  out  of  their  hands  that  they  made  the  amended  offer.  The  directors  should  feel  they  were  there  to  dispose  of  the  property  for  the  best  offer,  and  they  should  take  the  best-offer,  and  hold  themselves  open  to  every  offer.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  ought  not  to  receive  less  than  41  per  cent.  and  half  the  profits.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  TorrENnAm  reminded  the  shareholders  that  the  room  in  which  they  were  assembled  was  not  an  auction  mart,  and  it  ought  not  to  be  made  so.  The  offer  of  the  Great  Western,  if  a  good  one,  ought  to  be  at  once  accepted.  Mr.  KENNEDY  remarked  that  the  sum  of  one-half  per  cent.  was  the  whole  question  in  dispute,  and  he  called  on  the  directors  to  support  the  shareholders  to  get  this  one-half  per  cent.  Mr.  TnororroN  said  it  appeared  to  him  that  the  motion  of  Sir  W.  Johnson  struck  at  a  question  of  confidence  or  want  of  confidence  in  our  directors,.  he  by  no  means  objected  either  to  the  language  or  to  the  substance  of  the  motion  as  it  stood,  still  lie  took  the  opportunity  of  joining  issue  on  the  question  before  the  tompany,  of  course  he,  in  common  with  every  shareholder  he  saw  around  him,  must  be  extremely  desirous  of  getting  the  most  they  could  for  their  money,  and  if  they  could  get  4  per  cent.  they  would  take  it  rather  than  3,1  per  cent.,  and  41  per  cent  rather  than  4  per  cent.  On  that  point  at  least  they  were  all  unanimous,  but  there  were  other  considerations  which  arose  out  of  it,  the  question  what  they  could  actually  secure,  what  parliament  would  actually  sanction,  (hear,  hear,)  and  what  the  party  offering  were  really  in  a  position  to  give.  If  a  delusive  offer  were  made  to  them  for  ad  captanduni  purposes,  then  it  was  per perfectly  fectly perfectly  clear  they  were  discussing  so  much  moon moonshine.  shine. moonshine.  (hear,  hear.)  If  the  party  making  the  offer  was  not  in  a  position  to  work  it  out,  then  it  was  perfectly  clear  to  use  the  language  of  Carlyle,  they  were  embracing  a  in  accepting  .  it.  He  (Mr.  Thornton)  took  it,  and  he  always  considered  it  should  be  admitted  by  business  men,  that  in  the  present  position  of  the  company,  the  Lonnon  and  North  Wostern  were  not  in  a  position  to  make  an  offer  at  all,  (hear,  hear.)  They  had  existing  agreements,  by  those  they  took  their  stand,  and  so  long  as  they  existed,  the  London  and  .North  Western  could  not  get  into  a  position  to  make  them  an  offer  at  ;all.  Then  again  supposing  they  were,  as  the  offer  at  presant  stood,  it  was  a  conditional  offer  to  place  so  Much  traffic  on  their  line,  as  should  give  them  4i  per  cent.  and  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining  even  that,  they  furthtr  stipulate  they  must  have  a  board  of  directors  with  whom  they  can  act  efficiently.  .(hear,  hear.)  It  appeared  to  him,  (Mr.  Thornton)  with  the  sense  of  the  .:shareh .:sharehelders,  elders, .:sharehelders,  deliberately  expressed,  and  he  hoped  to  be  again  expressed,  and  finally  expressed  on  the  day.  Why,  it  would  be  a  mere  fallacy,  and  worse  than  a  fallacy  for  them,  by  their  present  proceedings,  to  negative  and  neutra neutralize  lize neutralize  all  that  had  been  done,  and  to  fall  back  into  an  abyss  stultified  its  past  decision  crtdit  foi  sineeru  of  discofdi  frit(  would  do,.  if  they  Umitiyed  and  iieufri  elements,  which  they  ed  what  had  been  done,  and  accept  the  offer  of  the  London  term_  (kppytuse.)  When  he  ht  North  117-c  adnlitied  s STYLE=superscript  Ilia'  he  had  been  well  beaten  at  the  last  meeting,  he  (Mr.  l'hoitifon)  imagined  he  Was  prepaied  to  join  him  and  his  friends,  in  upholding  and  strengthening  their  best  agreement,  and  strengthing  ttr:cl  consolidating  the  influence  of  their  dire  tors,  and  in  bringing  td  hear  the  amount  and  unanimity  n.dich  *ottld  at  once  stifle  and  utfz4v  extinguish  all  further  oppositioll:  Pen  hear.)  He  hfici  hoped  so,  but  he  was  disappointed  ail!!  No  believed  there  was  sufficient.  good  sense  and  good  feeling  aniongst  the  ghtfleholdera  of  the  company  now  present  to  re-tonsider  their  past  pfoCeedhrgsi  ap,d  at  once  to  say  we  will  co-ope co-operate  rate co-operate  together  to  secure  file  f..  , STYLE=superscript  '4sting  agreement  which  -  has  •-•-•  been  read.  (Applause.)  Now,  reffttinr,  to  the  offer  of  the  Great  Western,  and  taking  it  in  connexion  With  that  agree agreement,  ment, agreement,  he  thought  it  virtually  amounted,  proStketi/kly  at  least  f  to  the  4  per  cent  which  had  bden  asked  for  ty  the  hon,  baronet  and  Ms  friends.  -  Certainly  a  great  deal  would  depend  on  the'  Working  of  the  railway,  and  on  the  consti constitution  tution constitution  of  directors;  but  nothing  could  be  done  satisfactorily  if  they  were  picking  holes  in  the  character  of  the  directors,  if  they  Were  endeaVouring  to  undermine  and  to  weaken  their  infidetice:  Their  first  step  towards  4  per  cent  was  by  strengthening  the  hands  of  the  directors,  and  develbping  the  recourses  of  the  rail  Way,  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  for  this  reason  that  he;  Thornton,  and  his  friends,  whose  proxies  ,  to.  the  amount  of  g,ootl  votes,  had  taken  the  course  they  had  it  the  . STYLE=superscript  affairs  of  the  company,  lie  felt  there  were  greater  interests  fulAcCci  in  this  contest  than  the  mere  question  of  a  half  per  cent.  Ile  said  the  ques question  tion question  .of  monopoly  or  no  monopoly  was  mooted,  (Cheers)  As  there  was  no  royal  road  to  mathematics,  so  there  should  be  no,  single  line  of  railway  to  the  North  of  England,  (Loud  cheers')  In  the  sane  ,justice  there  tthould  be  no  single  line  of  railway  to  the  West  Of  England,  as  many  have  thought  the  Great  Western  had  a  monoply  there,  and  that  a  line  thould  be  formed  against  theist,  ro STYLE=superscript  that  there  should  be  no  monoply  in  the  West  of  England,  In  the  same  spirit  of  justice  we  would  be  sorrythat  the  London  and  North  Western  should  not  have  a  monoply  tf  the  traffic  of  the  north.  (Great  applause.)  And  further  than  that,  what  could  they  think  of  Parliament,  after  Parliament  sanctioning  the  expen expenditure  diture expenditure  of  Idr,gt  sums  of  money  for  the  construction  of  the  broad  gnage  as  far  as  Birmingham  and  Wolverhampton  ;  an  opinion  we  have  and  what  ;  he  said;  could  they  think  of  Parliament,  if  it  id  say  by  its  fir  Great  Westeiii  and  the  brOad  So  far  shall  you  go  and  no  fer*licr  Here  was  a  brick  wall  which  was  to  terminate  and  shift  thcni  up,  and  exclude  them,  and  and  mighty  result  of  all  the  expenditure  of  capital  should  be  the  battering  of  the  buffers  of  engines  against  a  brick  Waif  2n  Wgivertainpton.  (Hear,  heal).  iHe  public  had  an  interest  in  matter,  and  the  public  interest  be  consulted.  (Hear,  heiir  : STYLE=superscript  ),  Parliament  was,  after  all,  the  mere  representative  of  the  interest,  and  the  echo  of  the  voice  of  the  people,  and  iC  NVHO  on  the  broad  qUOion,  of  monopoly  or  no  monopoly  the  shgt6oldcrs  were  004  on  to  support,  not  mere  the  existing  argil argilments,  ments, argilments,  not  intrely.  the  parliamentary  acts,  but  also  for  their  own  personal  S4Eiiirity;  their  own  advanta  •  own  pockets,  in  bringing  this  close  by  .  adOpting  'the  Great  'Western  oirce,  Why  it  mined  for  him  to  read  the  amendment  wltiet  It  Ithit  th  Pitt  iise;  qlt  he  motion  of  the  Hon.  baronet  directors  jtifitlY  rOgn  the  undiminished  confidence  of  th  proprietors;  (applatito)  tht4  thpy  ore  entitled  to  our  best  thanks  for  the  honourable  perfaiiiidn6o  of  arduous  duties  during  a  period  of  unexampier  difficulty  , STYLE=superscript  (near,  hem  That  this  meeting  desires  to  testify  their  approba'•  -  manner  ,in  which  the  board  has  gii  , STYLE=superscript  en  effect  to  the  resolution  of  the  General  niettingi  held  on  the  13th  inst.,  and  by  ad adjournmeilt,  journmeilt, adjournmeilt,  dri  Me  14th  ipst:  i  referred  to  in  the  report  of  the  directors,  by  - STYLE=superscript  did  deed  of  dgreetnent  now  read  and  sealed  under  which  equitable  terms  hlifd  been/  concluded,  and  a  permanent  alliance  with  the  Great  Wesieni  i  ettere  -  with  the  entire  satisfaction  of  the  shareholders  it  into  pany:  (Applause.)  If  they  could  succeed  by  their  en.  ni  screliiing  Mitre  ffeiti  the  Great  Western,  pray  do  so  ;  b.  he  (Mr.  Thornton)  e,Aifes.§M  he  should  not  attempt  to  do  so.  He  should  be  sorry  to  Ord  the  Great  Western  offering  them  more  than  they  or  their  proprietors  would  justify  them  in  giving.  lie  ii.  deal  tangibly  with  realities  ;  he  liked  to  embrace  what  was  really  the  stiliStance,  but,  he  did  not  like  to  lose  the  substance  for  the  shadow.  (Hear,  hear:)  tle  said  on  the  one  side  the  substance  was  the  Great  Western's  Ai  of  three-and-a-half  per  cent—(A  SHAREHOLDER  :  And  half  the  profits.)—  and  on  the  other  side  the  shadow  was  the  London  and  North  Western's  offer  at  four  per  cont.  (Hear,  hear:)  In  Conclusion,  he  _gave  the  Directors,  as  per persons.interested  sons.interested persons.interested  in  the  .  Welfare  of  a  local  undertaking,  ;ril  and  honesty,  and  deprecated  personal  Ii  would  rather  dive  to  every  man  who  gild  he  said  the  `cte  entitled  to  'No'  ,glit  hoc/Utility  to  give,  or  imputations  differed  from  him  credit  for  good  niotives  Directors  of  the  Shrewsbury  and  Chestei  to  their  best  thanks  (Hear,  hear  ;  and  a  Voice,  for  the  hondurablej  and  unflinching,  and  fearless  way  in  which  they;_  bad,  niiiilitained  existing  engagements.  (Applause.)  He  bed  to  propose  the  amendment  he  had  read.  Mr.  WATIIEW  SCCOildCd  the  antendment.  Mt.  MuNuon  said,  that  Mr.  t STYLE=superscript  ritorntot  had  some  time  ago  stated  that  he  was  'disgusted  with  the  airettotsc  and  that  he  would  never  give  them  his  vote  amain  ;  that  he  would  ngt  vote  against  them  himself,  but  that  he  would  recommend  all  hiS  frien4  to  vote  for  the  London  and  North  Western  ;  and  that  hebelieved  Mr:  Roy  to  be  nothing  more  than  the  paid  agent  of  the  (beat  Weskit:  Mr.  TOTTENHAM  did  not  believe  a  Word  of  it,  Mr.  ROY  claimed  permission  to  make  a  few  remarks  on  the  amendment  proposed.  He  wished  to  call  attention  to  inipqrtaut  position  in  which  the  Company  stood.  He  would  remind  them  of  what  they  were  bound  to  do,  and  what  they  would  be  compelled  to  do,  if  they  attempted  to  evade  it.  They  coinmeneed  at  an  early  date  a  system  of  mutual  defence  and  suppoi't  With  the  Shrewsbury  and  Birmingham  Company,  and  most  honourably  and  faithfully  had  thar  company  acted  towards  them  under  most  tryifig  eiretimstances  (hear,  hear)  ;  and  he  had  yet  to  learn  that  the  ivefe  capable  of  abandoning  that  line.  A  large  majority  of  the  shareholders  having  de decided  cided decided  on  the  course  to  be  taken,  and  the  directors  having  received  instructions,  and  carried  them  out,  were  entitled  to  demand  at  the  hands  of  the  meeting  support  in  carrying  out  those  instructions.  (Applause.)  lie  (Mr.  Roy)  held  that  nothing  tended  so  much  to  render  insecure  and  perilous  investments  in  railway  property,  nothing  so  depreciated  its  value  in  this  kingdom,  as  to  find  a  body  of  shareholders  after  authorising  and  instructing  a  body  of  directors  to  seal  an  agreement,  coming  forward  to  do  that  as  a  company,  which  as  individuals,  no  man  amongst  them  would  disgrace  himself  by  doing.  (Applause).  It  was  not  long  since,  at  a  public  meeting  of  shareholders,  he  heard  a  chairman  jocosely  state  to  the  meeting,  that  six  times  a  week  he  would  repudiate  his  agreements  if  it  were  for  the  benefit  of  the  shareholders.  He  lived  to  see  the  ghtLrehOlderd  thaw  under  the  jest.  Cries  of  He  would  not  name,  and  if  the  patty  Who  asked  for  the  name,  considered  for  a  moment,  he  would  see  the  impropriety  of  it.  Mr.  tAst  thought  Mr.  Roy  was  to  avoid  personalities.  Mr,  Roy  protested  against  interruptions  coming  from  a  gentleman  *ho  Made  it  a  point  to  interrupt  hint  , STYLE=superscript  - STYLE=superscript  He  (Mr.  Roy)  repeated  that  the  tendency  of  their  conduct  was  cal calculated  culated calculated  to  ruin  their  property.  The  resolution  Sir  Wm.  Johnson  was  a  direct  call  upon  them  to  tiolate  their  agreements,  (Hear,  hear,  and  No.)  The  honourable  pro proprietor  prietor proprietor  had  so  recently  come  into  the  company,  he  could  be  scarcely  aware  of  the  binding  and  solemn  nature  of  those  contracts.  He  told  the  honourable  Baronet  that  a.portion  of  that  contract,  sanctioned  by  act  of  parliament  and  by  the  Board  of  Trade,  gave  them  .a  right  to  run  over  the  line  and  take  fifty  per  cent.  of  the  receipts  ;  and  penalty  could  be  inflicted  Uptiti  them  if  they  neglected  their  engagements,  which  would  reduce  the  value  of  their  property  below  zero.  They  had  the  same  redress  against  the  Bir Birmingham  mingham Birmingham  hne  ;  and  let  them  go  to  the  North  Western,  or  any  other  coinpany„  if  not  approved  by  them,  and  he  maintained  thq  had  A  tight  to  run  over  the  Birmingham  line  to  Wolverhampton,  and  then  their  terminus  at  one  end  was  Wolverhampton,  and  he  was  glad  to  say  at  the  other  end  it  was  Birkenhead.  (Applause.)  If  the  resolution  which  they  had  come  to  at  the  last  meet meeting  ing meeting  had  not  been  carried,  neither  the  Birmingham  company  nor  their  company  would  have  got  the  offer  they  have.  After  referring  to  the  increasing  £267  per  week  in  the  re receipts  ceipts receipts  of  the  company,  which  more  that  justified  his  esti estimate  mate estimate  of  the  resources  of  the  line,  he  admitted  that  the  Shrewsbury  and  Chester  was  worth  more  than  the  Shrews Shrewsbury  bury Shrewsbury  and  Birmingham  line  ;  but,  he  contended  if  they  stood  alone,  the  Great  Western  would  not  give  more  than  they  now  offer  for  their  line.  He  (  Mr.  Roy)  never  knew  more  higgling  than  there  had  been  about  this  arrange arrangement,  ment, arrangement,  and  he  asked  how  could  the  directors  be  expected  to  get  more  from  the  Great  Western,  when  Sir.  W.  Johnson,  himself  declared  he  could  have  no  confidence  in  that  com company  pany company  if  it  changed  its  offer,  and  then  to  ask  the  directors  to  seek  for  more,  after  that  declaration,  was  the  most  absurd  thing  he  ever  heard.  He  next  denounced  the  conduct  of  those  parties  who  stood  by,  looking  on  with  apathy  whilst  the  (directors  were  struggling  against  the  North  Western's  attempt  to  get  a  line  from  Shrewsbury  to  Crew,  and  also  the  Newton  line,  the  tendency  of  which  lines  was  to  injure  their  property,  and  yet  those  parties,  after  suffering  .  one  of  those  lines  to  be  carried,  with  monstrous  inconsistency,  now  wanted  to  attempt  to  seek  for  a  larger  dividend.  He  cautioned  them  against  violating  their  agreements,  the  result  of  which  would  be  that  they  should  be  in  Chancery  at  once.  The  directors  had  to  look  to  the  permanent  interests  of  the  shareholders,  not  to  the  interests  of  parties  who  held  stock  for  a  temporary  purpose,  and  whose  ob object  ject object  was  to  keep  up  the  prices  of  the  stock,  that  they  might  get  well  shut  of  it.  This  was  the  object  of  the  Scoteh  bankers,  who  held  stock  for  advances  made  to  parties  whom  they  wished  to  encourage  and  support,  and  the  directors  should  not  be  guided  by  mere  temporary  interest  of  allowing  those  parties  to  dispose  of  their  stock.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Roy)  believed,  if  this  arrangement  was  carried  out,  it  would  induce  many  ranks  to  make  permanent  investments  in  their  stock.  After  referring,  to  the  difficuties  under  which  the  directors  laboured,  arising  from  the  conduct  of  a  section  of  the  , STYLE=superscript  shareholderi,  he  expressed  his  approval  of  Sir  W.  Johnson's  declining  to  call  for  the  investigation  which  lia(  been  mooted,  but  was  very  little  deli,ghted  wit  uy  other  •  •  portion  of  bis  address.  Mr.  EAST  supported  the  North  Western  alliance,  and  contended  it  would  be  better  to  accept  it,  than  the  offer  of  AT  SUICIDE  liorbeck,  rc  .-0n  Tuesday,  a  man  ing  in  Titheburn-street,  jumped  into  the  river  from  the  Prince's  Pier.  He  was  however.  picked  up  and  taken  to  the  receiving  house,  where  he  was  promptly  attended  to  by  Dr.  Blackley,  and  was  restored  to  consciousness.  He  stated  that  the  reason  he  had  attempted  suici(l4,  was  because  he  had  been  robbed  in  a  house  of  ill illfnme.  fnme. illfnme.  in  Lime-street,  the  name  of  which  he  could  not  DEATH  BY  DROWl:lo.—Thornas  Regan,  a  sailor  on  board  the  vessel  Chimborago,  lying  in  the  river,  whilst  in  assisting  in  dropping  the  anchor,  fell  overboard.  Every  effort  was  made  to  save  him,  but  he  sank  almostimmediately.  The  body  has  not  yet  been  found.  THE  CHOttnA.--Up  the  time  of  the  despatch  of  our  parcel  last  night,  no  case  of  decided  cholera  had  been  reported,  either  in  the  city  of  Manchester  or  the  borough  of  Salford.  Meanwhile  the  authorities,  both  of  the  city  and  borough,  are  putting  forth  the  most  strenuous  efforts  in  order  to  the  removal  of  all  nuisances,  and  the  promotion  of  the  general  health  of  the  inhabitants.  GLASGOW,  WEDIIESDAY,  SEPT.  28.—The  weather  continues  very  unfavourable  for  the  outstanding  crops  in  the  west  and  north  of  Scotland.  To-day  (Wednesday)  it  has  been  blowing  a  gale  the  whole  morning,  accompanied  by  heavy  rains.  Wind,  N.W.  and  by  W.  -  -  The  Town  Council  of  Edinburgh,  at  a  special  meeting  held  on  Tuesday,  resolved  to  present  the  freedom  of  the  city  to  the  lion.  Gladstone,  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequei  UNGRATEFUL  CONDl:MT.—Yesterday,  at  the  New  Bailey,  Salford,  a  girl  named  Mary  Carron,  17  years  of  age,  was  placed  before  the  bench,  on  a  charge  of  robbing  a  house.  It  appeared  that  about  a  week  ago,  Mrs.  Brennan,  of  Eccles,  took  into  her  house  the  prisoner,  who  was  in  a  state  of  the  utmost  poverty  and  destitution.  She  clothed  the  prisoner,  fed  tier,  and  did  all  in  her  power  to  promote  her  comfort.  In  return,  for  all  these  tokens  of  kindness,  the  ungrateful  girl  got  up  yesterday  morning  at  6  o'clock,  and  literally  stripped  the  house  of  her  benefactress.  Information  was  conveyed  to  the  county  constabulary,  and  Carron  was  shortly  afterwards  apprehended.  The  ItUtISIAN  BEAR  and  the  TURKEY  COCK.—We  have  heard  a  good  deal  lately  about  the  position  taken  by  Turkey  and  as  the  attitude  assumed  has  been  undoubtedly  rather  warlike  we  may  come  to  the  conclusion  that  the  position  taken  by  is  in  fact  standing  on  her  drum-sticks.  —Punch,  SECOND  THOUGHT;.  - STYLE=superscript  Tt  was  intended  to  inaugu inaugurate  rate inaugurate  a  statue  of  Louis  Napoleon  at  Lille,  bearing  the  in 'inscription—'  To  the  Protector  of  Native  It  was,  however,  abandoned  for  re-consideration.  It  will  probably  be  amended  as  follows,  and  the  statue  inaugurated  on  the  2nd  of  To  the  Protector  of  Native  Sugar—of  SHARE  MARKETS  ,  SHPT.  28.—There  has  been  a  further  de decline  cline decline  again  In  prices  to-day.  The  sales  arc  :—Aberdeen  10  ;  Birkenhead,  Lancashire  and  Cheshire,  £271  1  shares,  10  ;  Calc Calcdonian.  donian. Calcdonian.  24  231;  Chester  and  Holyhead,  14i  151  ;  Dublin  and  Belfast,  par;  East  Lancashire,  15  4  g  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  02i;  London  and  North  Western,  1001  ;  Mid Midland,  land, Midland,  56  ;  North  British,  6  54  ;  North  Staffordshire;  61  ;  Small  Eastern  Stock,  171  ;  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  N.E.  purchase,  41  ;  York  and  North  Midland,  '2l;  ;  1,1 STYLE=superscript  stud  Lincolnshire,  pref.  181  LIVEItPOOL,  -•-•  LONDON,  SEPT.  28.—The  market  for  Public  Securiti  e  has  shown  a  rapidly  improving  tendency  this  morning,  chiefly  in  conseqitcrido  of  the  prevalence  of  the  belief  that  no  alteration  in  the  rate  of  interest  Will  be  made  by  the  Bank  to-morrow.  Consols  for  the  Account  have  been  done  at  92/  to  92,  and  are  now  quoted  92  to  I,  and  for  money  at  90+  to  91g.  Bank  Stock  for  the  account  has  been  done  at  218,  and  India  Stock  also  for  time  at  1103.  Exchequer  bills  have  been  heavier  at  12s.  to  17s.  dis.,  and  India  bonds  at  10s.  dis.  The  Foreign  market  has  been  rather  active,  and  in  some  cases  prices  are  lower.  Within  the  last  hour,  however,  quota quotations  tions quotations  have  considerably  improved,  in  sympathy  with  the  market  for  the  English  funds.  The  Railway  Share  Market  has  also  been  much  firmer  this  morning,  but  in  consequence  of  the  approach  of  the  settlement,  prices  hate  ruled  rather  irregularly.  There  has  not  been  much  doing  in  Gold  Mine  Shares,  bu  prices  are  well  supported  for  tile  better  descriptions.  SHARES  AND  SzoOrs.—Ambergate  and  Eastern  Junction,  4x  d  ;  Caledonian  47+  6  ;  Chester  and  Holyhead,  14;  Eastern  Counties,  11$  4  3  ;  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow,  60  57  ;  Edinburgh  and  Dundee,  2h3  20  ;  Great  Northern,  69  9  ;  Ditto  A.  42;  Ditto  B.  119;  Great  Southern  and  W  x,eis;  te  a  r  Ln  n  (ele  S  id  l  ,  r  so  e  N  l  r  a  ko  n  si  d  i.lt  )  iirl  ,  ee  9  rn,  7  6  3  ,ll  i;  ii  Great  Western,  78  173  9  ;  Lanca Lancashire6lo24;  shire6lo24; Lancashire6lo24;  I  L  i  x  oneo  d  n  ;  8  and  Blackwell,  71-1  London  and  North  Western,  993  g  1003;  Ditto  Fifths  12k  ;  Ditto  Eighths,  14;  London  and  South  Western,  74  ;  Manchester  and  Lincolnshire,  181  ;  Midland,  563  it  51  7  ;  North  British,  241  ;  North  Staffordshire,  11  loq  n  ;  Oxford  and  Wolverhampton,  353  6  ;  Shrewsbury  and  Birmingham,  64  ;  South  Eastern,  573  8  7  ;  South  Wales,  33  ;  York  and  Berwick.  57  8  ;  Do.  Extension,  10;  York  &amp;  N.  Midland,  421.  Line  Leased  at  a  Fixed  Rental.—,Midland  Bradford,  100.  Preference  Shares.—Eastern  Counties,  New  6  per  cent.,  13  ;  Great  Northern  (5  per  Cent.,  Redeemable,  1071  61;  Ditto  43  per  Cent.,  731  Great  Western  (Irredeemable,  4  per  cent.),  95  ;  Oxford  and  Wolverhampton,  100  x  d  ;  Ditto  (151.  paid).  15,1  wd.  Foreign.—East  Indian,  Extension,  13  ;  Great  cen central  tral central  of  France,  83;  Northern  of  France,  331  ;  Paris  and  Lyons,  261  61:  Paris  and  Strasbourg,  373  ;  Sambre  and  Meuso,  71  1 STYLE=superscript  Zealand,  53.  Consols  for  Accent,  Oct.  13,  12.112  i.  GLASGOW  MARKETS,  S;EPT.  23  Our  Pig-iron  Market  «•as  •  weaker  yestt  rdayin  consequence  of  the  more  unfavourable  news  regarding  ..the  state  of  affairs  in  Turkey,  and  the  prospects  of  war,  Warrar,  is  fell  to  625.  6d.  cash,  and  did  not  recover  up  to  5  p.m.  ;  12,  1  - STYLE=superscript  ers,  625.;  No,  1,  645.  6d.  to  pa.;  Gartsherpe,  71s.  6d."
