text
"3 STYLE=superscript  101  MT  ALM  - STYLE=superscript  KANDER  AND  BALAARAT.  For  1852.  For  1853.  ...  53,608  ...  156,856  ...  55,882  ...  142,044  ...  61,389  .  .  133,655  ...  67,556  ...  138,277  ...  69,453  ...  124,302  ...108,650  ...  106,146  ...282,546  165,779  statements  it  will  be  observed  that  the  amount  'elved  per  escort,  exceeds  that  of  any  other  Zear  ;  rnd  that  the  amount  shipped  for  that  ,  l STYLE=superscript  'ears  a  favourable  average  as  compared  with  -hers.  A  feeling  prevails  in  some  quarters  that'  da  not  indicate  precisely  the  quantities  re-  Ile  gold  fields,  or  the  quantities  shipped;  but  . STYLE=superscript  ertainly  do  not  and  cannot  represent  either  of  tea  with  positive  accuracy,  still  we  believe  that,  id  ose  of  exhibiting  the  progress  of  the  mines,  results,  they  contain  what  may  be  relied  on  dam  index  of  our  mineral  wealth.  The  escort  chief  source  relied  on  for  bringing  down  the  11 STYLE=superscript  a  good  deal  still  comes  by  private  hands;  and  Means,  we  may  form  a  tolerably  accurate  im imtat  tat imtat  is  doing  at  the  gold  fields.  By  this  test  tetty  nearly  at  the  amount  discovered  ;  but  we  '  f STYLE=superscript  ain  so  easily  or  so  accurately  what  has  been  lmuch  certainly  leaves  the  country,  both  for  lonial  ports,  by  private  hands,  which  is  never  Customs;  though  it  may  be  assumed  that  the  L  e STYLE=superscript  aving  the  colony  in  a  manner  which  cannot  be  11  a  pretty  regular  average  to  the  amount  which  „:  both  cases,  therefore,  whether  as  regards  'he  mines,  or  the  shipments  from  the  colony,  we  that  the  returns  now  given  are  essentially  ac actay  tay actay  be  relied  on  ;  and  from  our  experience  of  present  state  of  the  weather,  the  period  of  the  numbers  now  flocking  to  the  diggings,  we  , STYLE=superscript  ure  to  add  that  there  is  a  prospect  of  a  grow growto  to growto  the  yield  of  this  important  branch  of  our  l STYLE=superscript  b.  Very  flattering  accounts  still  continue  to  a  new  field  discovered  within  the  last  week  or  tecl  upon  the  banks  of  the  Goulburn,  at  a  dis dist  t dist  80  miles  from  Melbourne.  1 STYLE=superscript  SHIPPING  AND  COMMERCE.  In  of  our  shipping  formed  a  prominent  point  in  nary,  exhibiting  as  it  does  in  a  very  marked  'real  progress  and  importance  of  the  port.  For  t STYLE=superscript  aonths  no  less  than  968  vessels,  representing  were  entered  inwards  ;  and  830  vessels,  re re'4)ooo  '4)ooo re'4)ooo  tons  and  upwards,  were  cleared  through  °ll STYLE=superscript  se  outwards.  Presuming  .  this  to  continue,  re STYLE=superscript  an  aggregate  tonnage  trading  with  this  port  I STYLE=superscript  t  of  1,038,682  tons,  an  amount  as  we  pointed  t  e STYLE=superscript  o  r  day,  which  is  actually  almost  equal  to  the  Mon  in  1817.  Even  in  the  year  1850,  London  us  threefold,  Liverpool  being  ahead  nearly  in  io4ll STYLE=superscript  t  ;  while  Newcastle  is  the  only  other  port  in  i STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  lainions  which  has  a  greater  tonnage  than  we  t STYLE=superscript  hat  only  to  a  very  inconsiderable  extent.  Mel Melu  u Melu STYLE=superscript  so  far  as  the  amount  of  tonnage  forms  any  fourth  port  in  her  Majesty's  dominions  and  el.eniarkable  circumstance  that  her  present  ton-  Is  t STYLE=superscript  han  double  what  the  Clyde  shipping  repre repre-0.  0. repre-0.  Is  •  .)  In  a  commercial  point  of  view,  which  have  '  11 STYLE=superscript  ,°,  1 STYLE=superscript  1  an  extent  of  shipping,  haye  been  almost  40 STYLE=superscript  vessels  themselves.  This  port  above  all,  1  ,  0 STYLE=superscript  8  for  a  ship  a  prudent  and  enterprising  cap capare  are capare  many  unforseen  and  harrassing  )14  r STYLE=superscript  °  encountered,  and,  besides,  the  long  voyage  0 STYLE=superscript  ports  to  Melbourne  demands  more  than  the  Li STYLE=superscript  lco  of  temper,  tact,  and  discretion.  Yet  the  'wners  seem  never  to  have  dreamt  of  this.  They  Iltuently  sent  out  masters  in  charge  of  their  yes yeste.  te. yeste.  i STYLE=superscript  ncapable  —in  many  instances  rude,  ignorant,  intempe  ra  t  e  men,  who  would  not  for  a  moment  :„I STYLE=superscript  :ted  with  any  office  of  responsibility  on  shore,  A  ia  're  rashly  •  and  cr  i  m  i  na  lly  en  t  rus  t  e  d  with  the  of  ir STYLE=superscript  ge  of  magnificent  ships  with  valuable  cargoes  e STYLE=superscript  migTants.  And  what  has  been  the  cense censetileeontent,  tileeontent, censetileeontent,  dissatisfaction,  and  sometimes  almost  tr  ect  P_assage  out,  followed  in  many  instances  by  on  reaching  this  coast,  which  with  scarcely  .4,T!  ..  0 STYLE=superscript  most  undoubtedly  been  the  resuit  either  ak  l  ;4'.  carelessness  or  the  grossest  intemperance.  t STYLE=superscript  he  vessels  reach  their  destination,  and  are"
