text
"NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES:  SECOND  EDITION.  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH•]  ---  Northern  Daily  Times  Office,  Eight  O'clock,  a.m.  EASTERN  WAR•  BUCHAREST,  NOVEMBER  22.  General  Luders,  commander  of  the  sth  Russian  corps  is  expected  with  3,000  men.  The  Emperor  has  ordered  forty  officers  of  his  guard  to  proceed  to  Wallachia,  and  to  do  duty  with  the  various  regiments.  ViENNA,  SUNDAY.  Our  &amp;Erna  correspondent  writes  on  November  29th,  that  the  Russians  had  assumed  the  offensive,  and  thrown  a  bridge  across  to  the  island  between  Guirgevo  and  Rustchuk,  and  erected  several  batteries,  apparently  intending  to  cross  there.  General  Luders  had  concentrated  great  forces  at  Brailow  to  cross  there  also.  The  Van-guard  of  Osten-Sacken  had  arrived.  The  Times  states  that  no  communication  from  the  Emperor  of  Russia  to  the  French  and  English  governments,  cutting  short  all  further  negotiations,  and  referring  the  decision  of  the  Eastern  Question  to  the  fortune  of  war  has  been  received.  The  co  rrespondent  of  the  Times  writes  from  St.  Petersburg  The  advices  from  Warsaw  are  to  the  24th  of  November.  It  is  clear  that  the  aspect  of  affairs  is  viewed  there  with  extreme  anxiety  and  apprehension,  and  that  the  Emperor  finds  himself  in  a  position  of  unequalled  difficulties  and  embar embarrassments.  rassments. embarrassments.  His  troops  have  been  defeated  on  the  Danube  on  every  occasion.  Matters  in  Asia  look  even  worse,  giving  great  reason  to  expect  that  the  Turkish  successes  will  lead  to  a  general  insurrec insurrection  tion insurrection  in  the  Caucasus.  Prince  Woronzow's  commu communications  nications communications  by  sea  and  land  are  threatened  to  be  cut  off,  and  the  Prince  himself  is  seriously,  even  dan dangerously  gerously dangerously  ill.  If  the  Emperor  t  u  rns  his  thoughts  west  ward,  he  finds  there  no  satisfaction.  There  is  now  reason  to  believe  that  positive  and  definite  engage engagements  ments engagements  have  been  agreed  to  by  the  Four  mediating  Powers,  pledging  them  to  submit  to  no  change  in  the  Territorial  arrangements  of  Europe.  Probably  another  fortnight  will  elapse  before  it  is  known  with  certainty,'  whether  the  belligerents  accep  ry  for  t  or  refuge  the  invitation  to  se  nd STYLE=superscript  a  ppotentia  a  conference  of  the  other  Four  Powers  ;  and  in  the  meantime  we  must  expect  the  continuation  of  military  operations.  The  Russians  seem  rather  intent  on  preparing  for  a  long  struggle  than  on  striking  an  immediate  blow.  The  army  in  Poland  has  not  moved,  but  the  number  of  conscripts  required  has  been  increased  by  several  thousands,  and  persons  have  been  seized,  even  in  their  own  houses,  and  pressed  into  the  ranks  for  25  years  ser service.  vice. service.  According  to  all  previous  experience  of  Russian  armies  entering  into  a  campaign,  several  months  will  elapse  before  the  Emperor  can  be  prepared  to  take  the  field  with  such  forces  as  he  marched  into  Hungary,  in  1849.  These  various  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  and  the  scarcity  of  money  which  begins  to  be  felt,  are  said  to  have  produced  MONDAY,  DECEMBER  5,  1853."
