text
"bairn  by  Suakin.  Modern  and  Genteel  Household  Furniture,  Feather  Beds,  Small  Steam-boiler,  and  other  effects.  13,  Hunter-street.  MR.  E.  HASKAYNE  will  SELL  by  AUCTION  This  Day  (Tuesday),  at  Eleven  o'clock,  on  the  Premises,  13,  Hunter-street,  near  'Byrom-street,  the  remaining  HOUsEHOI.D  FURNITURE  and  Effects  of  a  gentleman  remov removing,  ing, removing,  consisting  of  four-past,  French,  and  half-tester  bedsteads,  feather  beds  and  bedding,  nests  of  mahogany  drawers,  washstand  and  tables.  toilet  glasses,  and  other  chamber  articles.  Sitting  Room  and  Parlour  Furniture,  including  three  sets  of  mahogany  chairs,  sofas  and  couches,  in  haircloth,  two  eight-day  clocks,  chimney  glass,  5  feet  by  2  feet  10  inches,  carpets,  hearth  rugs,  parrot  and  cage,  fine  oil  paintings  and  steel  engravings,  hip  bath,  dresser,  cnpt  - STYLE=superscript  oards,  Windsor  chairs,  and  kitchen  requisites.  Also,  a  small  steam-boiler,  with  double  pan,  suitable  for  a  pork  butcher.  Ths  Auctioneer  calls  the  attention  of  respectab'e  housekeepers  and  others  to  this  sale,  as  the  furniture  is  in  good  condition,  and  will  be  sold  to  the  highest  bidder,  as  the  owner  has  no  further  use  for  it.  The  HOUSE  to  LET,  with  immediate  possession;  apply  to  the  Auctioneer,  37,  Scotland-road.  BY  ORDER  OF  THE  EXECUTORS.  MANCHESTER-ROAD,  SOUTHPORT.  Sale  of  Exeellent  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  Lofty  Bookcase,  Mahogany  Winged  Wardrobes,  large  Four-post  Bedsteads,  Pier  Glasses,  Engravings,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  R.  WILLIAM  EASTTY  has  the  pleasure  of  announcing  that  he  has  received  instructions  from  the  Executors  of  the  late  Mrs.  Burke,  to  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  the  pr  mi•es,  Mount  Cambria,  Manchester-road,  This  day,  Tuesday,  to  commence  at  Eleven  o'clock  in  the  Forenoon,  precisely,  th  whole  of  the  superior  FURNITURE  and  Household  Effects.  The  FRONT  PARLOUR  contains  sit  solid  rosewood  chairs,  in  hair,  covered  is  moreen  damask;  large  Spanish  mahogany  table,  on  carved  pillar  and  plinth,  with  extra  leaf  ;  a  very  superior  sofa,  of  the  finest  mahogany,  with  two  loose  seats—one  in  hair  and  one  in  wool  flock;  excellent  mahogany  work  table,  two  rosewood  footstools,  invalid  reclining  chair,  hair  stuffed,  and  covered  in  Morocco  leather  ;  large  gilt  pier  glass,  glass  candelabra,  lustres,  and  chimney  orna ornaments  ments ornaments  :  neat  pattern  drugget  to  fit  the  room,  moreen  damask  cur curtains,  tains, curtains,  steel  fender,  fire-irons,  butler's  tray  and  stand,  and  several  proof  engravings,  including  portraits  of  the  Queen  and  Prince  Albert,  and  the  following  eminent  Divines—Revs.  W.  Roby,  J.  A.  James,  R.  S.  WAIL  J.  Griffin,  T.  Raffles,  R.  Halley,  &amp;c.  BActc  PARLOUR.—The  furniture  comprises  Kidderminster  carpet  and  rug,  six  mahogany-framed  chairs,  stuffed  and  covered  in  hair  ;  solid  rosewood  table,  small  side  table  and  cover,  lofty  mahogany  bookcase,  with  five  drawers,  cupboard,  and  drawers  ei  closed;  brass  fender,  fire-steels,  coal  box,  two  painted  fire-screens,  three  papier  macho  trays,  bronze  urn,  two  flower  stands,  chimney  ornaments.  gilt  cornice,  wire  blinds,  chintz  hangings,  Venetian  blinds,  framed  portraits  of  the  Revs,  J.Williams  R.  Moffatt,  and  W.  R  o  b  y  ,  a  hand handsonne'y  sonne'y handsonne'y  framed  proof  engravi  ng  of  R.  Cobden,  Esq.,  and  about  1011  volumes  of  hooks,  including  about  twenty  volumes  of  the  Evangeli Evangelical  cal Evangelical  Magazine.  The  LOBBY  and  STA  IRS  include  large  mahogany  hat  and  umbrella  stand,  several  mats,  two  pieces  of  lobby  cloth,  a  quantity  of  Brussels  stair  carpeting  and  thirty  rods,  and  lobby  lamp.  The  BEDROOM  FURNITURE  consists  of  a  lofty  Spanish  mahogany  beadstead,  with  handsome  footboard  and  cornice  of  the  richest  figured  wood;  half-tester  iron  bedstead,  mahogany  tour-post  bed bedsteads,  steads, bedsteads,  with  moreen  damask  hangings;  finely-mottled  Spanish  mahogany  winged  wardrobe,  with  sliding  shelves  and  four  drawers  under;  large  mahogany  chest  of  five  drawers,  painted  washstands,  dressing  tables,  mahogany  toilet  glass,  white  goose  feather  bed,  bolsters,  and  pillows,  hair  mattresses,  straw  palliasses,  towel  rails,  mahogany  bed  chair,  nine  bedroom  chairs,  Kidderminster  carpeting.  brass  fender,  fire  irons,  moreen  damask  curtains,  large  three-feld  room  screen,  rocking  chairs,  old  oak  chest,  six  sets  of  Venetian  blinds,  invalid  bed  rest,  &amp;c.  Also,  the  Willie  of  the  KITCHEN  UTENSILS,  eight-day  clock,  by  Armstrong  ;  kitchen  dresser.  tin  hastener  and  jack,  oak  table,  rush rushseated  seated rushseated  chairs,  fender  and  irons,  and  the  whole  of  the  culinary  articles,  including  a  set  of  four  brass  pans,  large  brass  kettle,  pans,  mugs,  &amp;c.;  also,  a  set  of  dish  covers,  large  safe,  step  ladder,  several  wash  tubs.  and  a  1  irge  quantity  of  miscellaneous  effects.  Now  on  view,  and  catalogues  may  be  obtained  on  the  premises;  or  of  Mr.  EASTTY,  Aucti  neer,  No.  8,  Mersey-chambers,  Liverpool,  and  Chapel-street,  Southport.  N.B.—The  sale  will  commence  precisely  at  Eleven  o'clock,  and  will  continue,  without  interval,  to  the  close.  Sale  of  handsome  Household  Furniture,  Pier  Glasses,  Feather  Beds,  superior  Engravings,  a  superior  toned  Cabinet  Piano-forte,  si  octaves  ;  elegant  Parian  Ornaments,  &amp;r.  SEABANK-TERRACE,  SOUTHPORT.  MR.  WM.  EASTTY  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  on  Friday  next,  25th  instant,  to  commence  at  Eleven  o'clock  precisely,  on  the  Premises,  Seabank-terrace,  Sea Seabank-road,  bank-road, Seabank-road,  tke  whole  of  the  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  Feather  Beds.  and  superior  Household  Effects,  the  property  of  Mrs.  Hall,  who  is  declining  housekeeping.  -  -  The  DRAWING-ROOM  FURNITURE  includes  superior  Spanish  mahogany  sofa,  table,*capital  sofa,  rosewood  cheffonier,  mahogany  rocking  chair,  Kidderminster  Carpet,  Brussels  rug,  I,rge  arm  chair,  four  balloon-backed  drawing-room  chairs,  100  table,  a  cabinet  piano pianoforte,  forte, pianoforte,  by  Broadwood,  six  and  a-half  oetaves—a  very  fine-toned  instrument;  handsome  pier  glass,  several  fine  engravings,  in  rose rosewood  wood rosewood  frames;  eight-day  timepiece,  in  papier  mache  case;  several  elegant  busts.  and  Parian  chimney  ornaments.  In  the  DINING-ROOM  will  be  fo:lnd  large  oval  table,  on  mahogany  pillar  and  plinth;  theffonier.  with  pannelled  doors;  six  chairs,  excellent  rocking  chair,  in  hair  cloth  ;  scroll  backed  couch,  stuffed  and  covered  in  hair  •  brilliant  pier  g  l  ass  ,  S  pan  i  s  h  mahogany  card  table,  a  large  Spanish  mahogany  telescope  dining  table,  with  four  loose  leaves;  Kidderminster  carpet  and  rug,  bronze  fender,  steel  fire-irons,  damask  curtains  for  bow  window,  several  engravings,  in  maple  an  i  gilt  frames  ;  and  six  cabinet  paintings—excellent  copies  frem  celebrated  artists.,  Also  the  superior  furniture  of  seven  well-appointed  BEDROOMS  :  Six  mahogany  four-post  birch  half  -tester  and  French  bedsteads,  with  chintz  and  damask  hangings,  palliasses,  and  wool  and  hair  matresA  es  to  fit;  seven  white  goose  and  oiher  feather  beds,  a'l  in  excellent  order;  holsters,  pillows,  and  the  necessary  bedding,  seven  sets  of  washstands  and  ware,  dressing  tables,  mahogany  and  birch-framed  toilet  glasses,  a  large  quantity  of  bedroom  druggeting,  carpeting,  fourteen  bedroom  chairs,  fenders  and  fire-irons,  two  sets  of  mahog mahogany  any mahogany  and  four  sets  painted  cheats  of  drawers,  valances,  window  cur.  tains,  and  blinds,  With  other  bedroom  effects.  The  Lowy.—Oak  hall  table,  two  mahogany  hall  chairs,  lobby  cloth,  lamp,  and  sundry  mats.  The  KITCHEN  UTENSILS,  which  are  - STYLE=superscript  numerous,  include  an  excel.  lent  dresser,  sofa  bedstead,  eight-day  clock,  bastener  and  jack,  a  large  assortment  of  breakfast  and  tea  ware,  and  culinary  utensils  in  great  variety.  On  view  January  24,  from  Eleven  to  four  o'clock.  Catalogues  may  be  had  on  the  premises;  or  of  Mr.  EASTTY,  Auctioneer  and  Valuer,  8,  Mersey-chambers,  Liverpool,  and  Chapel.  street,  Southport.  N.B.—The  sale  will  commence  at  Eleven  o'clock  precisely,  and  continue,  without  interval,  the  close.  MESSRS.  THOMAS  WINSTANLEY  &amp;  SONS  will  SELL  by  AUCTION,  To-morrow,  the  23rd  instant,  at  Two  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon-rooms,  South  John-street,  Liverpool,  subject  to  condiions  to  be  then  produced,  all  that  Freehold  MEISUAGE  or  DWELLING  -HOUSE  and  YARD,  situate  on  the  north  side  of  Holly-street,  and  east  side  of  Christian-street,  in  Liverpool,  containing  to  the  front  of  Holly.  street,  53  feet  3  inches,  and  to  the  front  of  Christian-street  15  feet.  For  particulars  apply  to  Messrs.  Holt  and  Rowe,  solicitors,  2,  Chapel-walk,  Liverpool.  TO  BREWERS,  PUBLICANS,  AND  OTHERS.  VALUABLE  LICENSED  PUBLIC-HOUSE.  Post-office  Place  and  School  Lane,  snown  as  the  Post-office  To-morrow,  the  23rd  instant,  at  One  o'cicck  in  the  afternoon,  at  the  Clarendon-rooms,  South  J  hn-street,  LiverpoJl,  su  ject  t  , STYLE=superscript  .  conditions  to  be  then  produced,  APIECE  of  LAND,  situate  on  the  north  side  of  School-lane,  Liverpool,  bounded  west  by  Post-office Post-officeplace,  place, Post-officeplace,  north  by  Brooke's-all.  y;  containing,  in  front  to  School-lane  18  feet  4  inches,  and  running  in  eepth  on  the  east  side  69  feet  6  inches,  on  the  west  from  Schocl-lane  55  feet  8  inches,  and  then  extending  in  a  circular  direction  at  the  rorth-west  corner  to  Brooke's-alley  to  the  east  side;  toxeth-r  with  the  licensed  PUB PUBLIC-HOUSE  LIC-HOUSE PUBLIC-HOUSE  at  the  corner  of  Postoffice-place  and  School-lane,  and  the  Shop  and  other  Buildings  extending  along  Postoffice-place  to  Brooke's-alley.  The  Property  is  leasehold  under  the  Corpoeatio  , STYLE=superscript  of  Liverpool,  for  the  residue  of  a  term,  of  which  about  eighteen  years  are  now  unexpired.  The  Public-house  is  doing  a  good  business,  and  is  capable  of  great  improvement.  The  premises  are  worthy  the  attention  of  Br  wers  or  Publicans,  or  of  any  person  In  want  of  a  licensed  public-house.  For  farther  particulars,  apply  to  Messrs.  Robinson  and  Duke,  solicitors,  7.  Church-alley,  TAveroool.  PARLIAMENTARY  STAMP  RETURNS  FOR  THE  YEAR  1854.  PRESTON  GUARDIAN..  Preston  Chronicle...  Preston  Pilot  Lancaster  Guardian  Lancaster  Gazette...  Ulverston  Advertiser  ,  Blackburn  Standard  3 STYLE=superscript  7  9 STYLE=superscript  ,000  ..  92,000  ..  48,000  48,000  ,  41,500  ••••  71,000  •  28,500  It  will  be  seen  from  the  a  b  ove  th  a  t  th  e  number  of  stamps  9 STYLE=superscript  issued  to  the  Guardian  exceeded  by  49,500  th  e  num  b  er  issued  to  all  the  Tother  papers  in  North  La  ncas  hi  re  a  dd  e  d  together.  H  E  PREPAID  CHARGES  for  Advertising  in  the  _PRESTON  GUARDIAN  are  .-  4  Lines,  or  30  Words,  Is  6d,  if  prepaid.  8  Lines,  or  60  Words,  2s  Od,  if  prepaid.  Advertisers  will  do  well  to  remember  that  no  Advertisements,  however  short,  are  received  on  credit  under  2s  6d  each,  It  being  impossible  to  open  accounts  for  such  small  sums  and  collect  the  amounts  without  an  extra  charge.  Parties  residing  out  of  Preston  may  remit  accounts  of  lOs  and  under  in  postage  stamps;  above  that  amount  by  Post-office  order,  deducting  cost  of  order.  Agents  out  of  Preston  must  prepay  all  advertisements  which  they  wish  to  t.  Inserted  at  the  prepaid  rates  otherwise  they  will  be  charged  credit  prices  GUARDIAN-OFFICE.  11.  FISHERGATE.  PRESTN.  YESTERDAY'S  MARKETS.  LIVERPOOL  CATTLE.—The  supply  of  beef  to-day  presented  very  little  change  from  that  of  last  week,  and  former  rates  were  fully  sustained.  Of  sheep  the  supply  was  agai❑  large,  and  met  with  a  slow  sale  at  reduced  prices  in  all  descriptions.  The  continued  rain  during  the  day  increased  the  difficulty  in  effecting  sales,  and  some  quantity  remained  unsold  at  the  close  of  the  market.  Beasts,  2200;  sheep,  9900.  LONDON  CORN..—The  supply  of  wheat  from  Essex  and  Kent  to  this  morning's  market  was  small,  but  some  portion  of  last  week's  having  been  refused,  the  condition  being  fully  3s  per  qr  worse,  the  whole  made  a  good  show.  The  offers  made  by  millers  were  6s  to  8s  per  qr  below  the  prices  of  this  day  se'nnight,  which  factors  were  not  in inclined  clined inclined  to  accept,  and  the  major  part  remained  unsold.  Business  in  foreign  was  almost  nominal,  a  few  retail  sales  effected  were  at  a  decline  of  2s  per  qr.  Barley  is  2s  to  3s,  beans,  peas,  and  oats  are  2s  per  qr  cheaper.  The  top  prices  of  town  made  flour  is  reduced  to  70s.  Country  marks  are  3s  to  4s  per  sack  lower,  and  the  little  business  done  in  barrels  was  at  a  decline  of  about  23  per  barrel.  LONDON  There  has  been  some  demand  for  refined  at  an  advance  of  2s  ;  good  brown  lump  being  now  quoted  at  535.  Tea:  Common  Congou  nominal.  Rice  :  Good  market  ;  3s  to  4s  lower  than  this  day  week.  METROPOLITAN  CATTLE.—The  supply  of  beasts  was  moderate,  and  all  kinds  we-e  very  dull  at  6d  per  Sibs  beneath  last  Monday's  currency.  We  had  an  extremely  heavy  sale  for  sheep,  the  prices  of  which  gave  way  21  per  Sibs.  Calves  were  steady,  and  2d  dearer  than  on  Friday.  In  pigs  very  little  was  doing  on  easier  terms.  Beef,  2s  10d  to:4s  6d;  mutton,  2s  lad  to  4s  10d;  veal,  4s  2d  to  5s  6d;  Beasts,  3775,  foreign,  495;  pork,  3s  8d  t  o  s  s,  per  8  lbs,  t  o  s  i  n  k  th  e  o  ff  al.  Supplies  :  sheep,  20,530,  foreign,  60;  calves,  71,  foreign,  36  ;  pigs,  460.  BOROUGH  ITOP.—The  prospect  of  an  immediate  fall  in  the  price  of  bread  and  provisions  generally,  together  with  every  appearance  of  an  easier  state  of  discounts,  has  given  a  buoyancy  to  the  hop  market,  every  description  being  held  at  a  currency  fully  equal  to  previous  quota quotations.  tions. quotations.  BELFAST  CORN.—The  supply  at  farmers'  :market  very  small,  and  prices  the  turn  dearer.  Very  little  doing  at  the  Corn  Exchange,  and  prices  unchanged.  DUNDALK  CORN.—Wheat,  40s  to  435;  barley,  193  to  20s  ;  oats,  15s  to  15s  6d.  Large  Market.  CORK  PROVISION.—White  wheat,  38s  od  ;  rod,  375;  19  4  od  •  cats,  as  6d;  1  3 STYLE=superscript  0  a,  125.:  I  NNW  rob.  SOUTHERN  &amp;  TOXTETH  HOSPITAL,  ANNUAL  MEETING,  The  annual  meeting  of  the  trustees  and  friends  of  this  Institution  was  held  at  twelve  o'clock,  yesterday,  in  the  Clarendon  Rooms,  South  John  street,  SAMUEL  Jon,  Esq.,  in  the  chair.  Among  the  gentlemen  present,  were  Messrs.  Hilton  Ilalhead,  R.  Christie,  Jun.,  John  Aikin,  R.  Fisher,  Dr.  Minshall,  James  Ingram,  J.  Houghton,  Studley  Martin,  C.  Challinor,  H.  Banner,  and  C.  E.  Rawlins.  The  Chairman,  in  opening  the  proceedings,  said  that  they  were  met  together  to  present  the  fourteenth  report  to  the  annual  meeting  of  the  Southern  and  Toxteth  Hospital,  and  he  was  exceedingly  gratified  to  know  that  it  would  show  a  much  more  cheering  aspect  than  the  report  of  the  previous  year.  They  would  learn  from  the  treasurer's  report,  that  the  very  munificent  sum  of  nearly  £2OOO  had  been  recently  presented  by  some  of  the  chief  merchants  of  the  town,  who  were  neighbours  of  the  Hospital,  but  they  would  also  learn  that,  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  that  munificent  donation,  which  had  however  liberated  them  from  debt,  it  would  still  be  necessary,  if  they  would  keep  up  the  efficiency  of  the  institution,  to  considerably  increase  the  annual  sub subscriptions,  scriptions, subscriptions,  which  were,  after  all,  the  great  support  of  the  Hospital.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Rev.  Mr.  Robberds  then  read  the  following"
