text
"removed  the  unfortunate  woman  by--  Bailey,  where,  under  medical  treatment,  sl  covered.  On  being  interrogated  by  the  magi  soner  said  she  had  nothing  to  say  in  referent  preferred  against  her.  Mr.  Trafford  sfis  that  the  act  with  which  the  prise  , STYLE=superscript  of  a  sane  person,  and  therefr  order  that  a  medical  certi  state  of  her  mind.  CHARGE  OP  STEALING  PROPERTY  PROM  William  Roberts  was  brought  up,  on  remand  from  a.—  before  the  magistrates,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  yesterday,  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  some  brasses  and  other  article'  the  property  of  his  employers,  Messrs.  Sharp,  Brothers  Co.,  of  the  Atlas  Works,  Bridgewater-street,  Mar  John  Hill,  a  foreman  in  the  employment  of  a  Sharp,  stated  that  the  prisoner  was  a  labourer  nun,.  In  consequence  of  information  having  been  communica,  to  him  that  some  pieces  of  brass  had  been  found  concealed  in  the  pattern  room,  it  was  arranged  that  the  man  who  found  them  hidden  should  keep  a  watch  on  the  spot,  in  order  to  see  if  any  one,  and  if  so,  who  came  to  take  them  away.  About  half-past  eight  in  the  evening  of  Friday,  a  workman  saw  the  prisoner  go  to  the  spot  where  the  brasses  were  concealed,  and  put  himself  in  a  stooping  posture  as  if  taking  something  up,  but  it  was  dark,  and  he  ^nr  COP  him  distinctly.  Richard  Walker,  time-keeper,  Friday  night,  at  about  half-past  8  o'clock  th  work.  In  consequence  of  instructions  he  re  lowed  the  prisoner  down  the  yard;  as  the  p.  along,  he  unbuttoned  his  clothes  and  took  out  sometnin  t  he  then  turned  down  a  passage,  and  attempted  to  throw  something  down,  but  was  prevented  doing  so  on  seeing  the  witness.  He  then  went  into  the  water  closet,  and  after  he  had  left,  the  three  pieces  'of  brass  were  found  there.  On  further  inquiry  being  —mist  ates,  it  appeared  was  en  Manchester.  nent  of  the  Messrs.  '-r  him.  made  by  tl  brass  had  1  e  men  gave  over  ved,  he  fol-  room,  and  that.  it  was  not  known  how  ma  stolen.  On  Saturday  morning,  it  was  foun  remaining  pieces  was  left  on  the  premises.  Al  it  was  a  very  singular  circumstance  that  ev  that  had  been  taken  in  this  case  had  just  lodge-keeper  had  taken  the  prisoner  into  custod  is  supposed  the  stolen  property  was  in  h  leal  of  the  difficulty  of  the  case  would  have  )iee  3S  were  led.  -  If  t  great.,  It  was  stated  by  the  - STYLE=superscript  foreman  that  some  springs  and  otik  things,  similar  to  those  used  at  the  Atlas  Works  had  been  found  in  the  prisoner's  house,  but  articles  of  a  similar  char  acter  were  used  at  other  works.  Yesterday  _  was  again  heard  upon  remand,  but  could  not  be  carried  further  then  it  was  before  the  Court  on  Saturday.  Mr  Mande  said,  the  case  was  one  full  of  suspicion,  deuce  was  not  such  as  to  warrant  a  committal  aorning  the  eas,  but  the  cv  The  pri  -Yesterday,  at  th  oner  was  discharged.  ALLEGED  ROBBERY  BY  A  LANDLADY.-  City  Police  Court,  Manchester,  a  female  who  kee  l  _  house  in  Manchester  was  charged  with  breaking  open  b.  the  property  of  Barnard  Hemm,  a  lodger,  and  stealing  there therefrom  from therefrom  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel.  The  prosecutor  stated  that  on  Saturday  afternoon  he  ascertained  that  his  box  had  been  broken  open,  and  that  on  speaking  to  the  prisoner  on  the  subject,  she  said  she  did  not  know  who  had  broken  it  open,  and  commenced  crying.  He  left  the  box  safe  with  its  contents  on  Monday.  There  were  several  lodgers  in  the  house  besides  witness.--4  little  girl  stated  the+  servant  in  the  house,  and  that  on  Wednesd-,  brother  picked  the  lock  of  the  box  in  her  presenk.,.  prisoner  stood  by  at  the  time.  Witness  was  then  told  to  go  down  stair-,  which  she  did.  The  articles  stolen  were  a  pair  of  trousers,  a  waistcoat,  a  shirt,  and  a  coat.—Remanded  this  day  (Tuesday).  THE  ROBBERY  Fly  publication  of  yesterday  we  am  'need  that  a  robl-  the  was  MANUFACTOIt'I  taken  place  late  on  Saturday  night  or  early  on  Sunday  morning,  at  a  silk  manufactory  in  Albert  Street.  Since  we  wrote  the  supposed  robbers  have  been  apprehended,  and  yesterday  they  were  brought  up  for  examination  at  the  Court.  Their  nan  ph  Butter,  John  Boshell,  Aping,  and  William  Thomas.  ty  POli  ?/.  James  Mr.  chief  su  - STYLE=superscript  perin  . STYLE=superscript  t  who  were  charged  with  stea"
