text
"STABBING  AT  ORRELL.  Thomas  Clayton,  30,  was  charged  with  having  at  Orrell,  near  Wigan,  on  the  22d  of  September,  feloniously  stabbed  and  wounded  William  Glasby,  with  intent  to  do  him  bodily  harm.  Mr.  TAYLOR  prosecuted.  The  prisoner  was  undefended.  It  appeared  that  on  the  22d  of  Septeinber  the  prisoner,  with  three  or  four  others,  were  at  a  public  house  in  Orrell.  The  prisoner  and  his  brother  were  inclined  to  be  quarrelsome,  and  the  prosecutor  got  the  prisoner's  brother  out  of  the  house.  The  prisoner  then  went  up  to  another  person  in  the  house  who  had  a  sickle  in  his  belt.  He  deliberately  took  the  sickle  from  the  man,  and  went  out  of  the  house  to  the  spot  on  which  his  brother  and  the  prosecutor  were  standing,  and  stabbed  the  prosecutor  in  the  shoulder  and  jaw.  In  a  few  minutes  afterwards  prisoner's  brother  and  the  prosecutor  returned  into  the  house.  They  were  immediately  followed  by  thd  prisoner,  who  again  stabbed  the  prosecutor  on  the  right  hand,  which  had  disabled  his  thumb  and  fore-finger  for  life.  Witnesses  having  been  called  in  supiort  of  the  above  facts,  the  prisoner  urged  in  his  defence  that  there  was  a  general  quarrel,  during  whioh  the  prosecutor  knocked  him  down,  and  he  (prisoner)  received  considerable  provocation  besides.  Guilty  of  unlawfully  wounding,  but  acquitted  of  the  felonious  intent.  Sentence  deferred.  GAROTTE  ROBBERY  AT  LIVERPOOL.  Tames  Anderson,  26,  was  charged  with  having,  at  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  together  with  three  persons  unknown,  feloniously  assaulted  John  Sergeant,  with  intent  to  rob  him.  Mr.  HORNEY  prosecuted,  and  Mr.  SneoN  defended  the  prisoner.  On  the  34  of  October  last,  about  half-past  ten  o'clock  in  the  evening,  the  prosecutor,  who  had  just  left  the  Royal  Amphitheatre,  where  he  had  been  performing,  was  proceeding  along  Hood.street,  when  two  females  came  up  to  him,  and  asked  him  to  accompany  them,  which  he  refused  to  do.  He  was  almost  immediately  afterwards  att,aoked  by  a  man  from  behind,  knocked  down,  and  an  attempt  was  made  to  strangle  him  by  three  other  men.  A  man  from  the  country  happened  to  see  what  was  going  on,  and  called  for  the  police.  The  men  then  ran  away,  and  all  of  them  suc succeeded  ceeded succeeded  in  making  their  escape,  with  the  exception  of  the  prisoner,  who  was  found  behind  a  cart  in  Back  Roe-street.  A  snuff-box  and  a  knife  were  found  in  the  cart  e  which  were  identified  by  the  prosecutor  as  his  property.  The  case  having  been  proved  as  stated,  Mr.  SIMON  addressed  the  jury  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner,  and  urged  the  improbability  of  the  prisoner  being  one  of  the  parties  to  the  robbery,  It  was  very  likely  that  the  snuff snuffbox  box snuffbox  and  the  knife  were  thrown  into  the  cart  by  some  one  of  the  other  men  who  were  seen  running  away.  The  learned  JUDGE  summed  up,  and  expressed  his  opinion  that  it  was  quite  conclusive  against  the  prisoner.  The  jury  almost  immediately  found  the  prisoner  guilty.  •  His  LORDSHIP,  in  passing  sentence  said—This  is  another  of  these  garrotte  robberies,  as  they  are  called,  in  Liverpool.  The  sentence  of  the  court  is  that  you  be  imprisoned  to  penal  servitude  for  five  years.  ROBBERY  WITH  VIDI,ENCB,  NEAR  ASHTON-UNDER-LYNE,  Reuben  Fowler,  23,  and  William  Slater  '  26,  were  charged  with  having  at  Ashton-under-lyne,  on  the  6th  of  September,  feloniously  assaulted  Henry  Buckley,  and  stolen  from  his  person,  a  purse  containing  the  sum  of  ten  shillings  and  six sixpence.  pence. sixpence.  Mr.  COBBETT  conducted  the  prosecution,  and  the  priso prisoners  ners prisoners  were  defended  by  Mr.  Monk.  It  appeared  that  on  the  evening  of  the  sth  of  September,  the  prosecutor;  Henry  Buckley,  who  is  a  carrier,  residing  at  Mosley,  was  proceed proceeding  ing proceeding  home,  and  called  at  a  house  named  the  Hunter's  Tavern.  The  two  prisoners  Fowler  and  Slater  were  there,  and  Slater  had  a  glass  of  ale  with  the  prosecutor.  After  leaving  the  Hunter's  Tavern,  the  prosecutor  proceeded  on  the  road  with  two  friends,  and  went  into  another  public-house  called  the  Odd  nim.  He  left  that  house  alone,  after  being  there  for  half  an  hour.  As  he  left  the  Odd  Whim  the  prosecutor  met  the  two  prisoners  going  into  the  house  and  when  he  had  got  about  40  yards  on  the  road,  the  two  pri prisoners  soners prisoners  came  up  to  him,  and  Slater  got  hold  of  him  by  the  throat,  and  held  him,  whilst  Fowler  got  his  money  from  him.  Both  the  prisoners  then  tried  to  run  away.  but  the  prosecutor  succeeded  in  holding  Fowler  by  the  hair  of  the  head,  when  Slater  came  up  and  struck  the  prosecutor,  and  knocked  him  down,  Both  prisoners  •  then  made  their  es escape,  cape, escape,  but  were  subsequently  arrested  and  taken  into  custody.  The  prisoners  were  both  found  guilty,  and  there  being  a  previous  conviction  against  both,  they  were  sentenced  to  penal  servitude  for  eight  years."
