text
"EASTERN  WAR.  [BY  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH.]  LATEST  INTELLIGENCE.  VIENNA,  MONDAY  According  to  a  private  dispatch,  fighting  was  ren STYLE=superscript  ewed  near  Bucharest;  on  the  morning  of  the  11th  inst.  It  is  believed  that  Omer  Pasha  will  also  attempt  t STYLE=superscript  Cross  the  Danube  above  Galatz,  in  order  to  get  to  Moldavia.  The  Turkish  Embassy  here  have  reason  to  be_  lieg STYLE=superscript  e  that  between  Ninety  and  One  Hundred  lT STYLE=superscript  housand  Turks  have  already  crossed  the  Da  - STYLE=superscript  -  e.  •  The  Wanderer  publishes  a  letter  from  Bucharest  Qf  the  6th,  stating,  that  after  a  series  of  murderous  e STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  nlicts  on  3rd,  4th,  and  sth,  the  Turks  maintained  th STYLE=superscript  eir  position  on  the  Wallachian  bank  of  the  while  the  Russians  took  refuge  in  their  en STYLE=superscript  trenchments  near  Oltenitza.  Advices  from  Kalafat  of  3rd  state  that  on  that  cl STYLE=superscript  ay  that  the  Turks  had  left  their  positions,  they  '  we STYLE=superscript  re  waiting  . STYLE=superscript  for  reinforcements  to  march  upon  l(ragooa.  T STYLE=superscript  he  communication  between  Ga  latz STYLE=superscript  and STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  dessa  has  been  interrupted  since  October  28th.  Some  disaffection  seems  to  have  shewn  itself  414 STYLE=superscript  0ng  the  Polish  troops  in  Russian  service,  and  ° STYLE=superscript  lir  soldiers  have  been  summarily  shot.  the  Morning  Chronicle  correspondent  writing  on  t STYLE=superscript  he  9th  instant,  from  Bucharest,  states  th  at STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  urks  have  been  repulsed  from  the  Island  near  - STYLE=superscript  11irgero  General  Klapia  has  received  a  Turkish  com-  mand  at  Oltenitza,  or  Guirgero.  A  strong  can cannonade  nonade cannonade  was  heard  on  the  9th.  Gortschakoff  had  advanced  his  head  quarters  some  stations  from  Bucharest  The  Correspondent  of  the  Morning  Post  writing  from  St.  Petersburgh  on  the  6th  inst.,  states  that  the.  Czar's  Manifesto  was  read  in  all  the  Churches  on  the  4th.  There  was  a  review  the  same  day,  but  the  Manifesto  was  not  read  to  the  soldiers.  A  corpse  d'armes  was  under  orders  to  embark  from  Odessa  for  Georgia  to  reinforce  Prince  Woranzoff,  who  urgently;  asks  for  succour.  The  embarkation  has  been  countermanded  since  the  proclamation  of  war  by  Turkey,  as  that  Power's  naval  forces  in  the  Black  Sea  might  effectually.  Binder  the  corps  from  reachingi  is  sti  nation  The  forces  will  now  proceed  to  the  Principalities.  The  orders  for  sending  Russian  cavalry  to  the  Principalities  is  withdrawn,  as,  owing  to  the  rains,  they  could  not  act.  CONSTANTINOPLE,  OCTOBER  31ST.  It  is  said  that  the  Turks  have  obtanined  posses-  sion  of  seven  Russian  Forts,  in  Georgia  and  the  Caucasus  PARIS  BOURSE,  MONDAY.  The  Funds  steady,  but  very  little  done.  Three's  closed  at  72-50  ;  Four  and  a-half  per  cents,  99-90.  The  Times  says  much  uncertainty  still  prevails  respecting  the  actual  incidents  of  the  Wallachian  war,  and  it  awaits  further  advices."
