text
"From  them  N  of  the  to  -day  ad  carriages,  and  fittings  for  an  immense  number  of  others.  They  are  to  be  delivered  early  in  the  spring.  5,280  cwt  of  ordnance  stores  are  to  be.delivered  at  Archangel.  The  arsenals  of  this  port  are  ready  to  contract  for  the  delivery  of  200,000  lbs.  of  Russian  lead.  The  news  from  St.  Petersburg  mainly  consists  of  accounts  of  renewed  preparations  for  wa  Emperor  has  commanded  'Count  Peroffsky,  Min Minister  ister Minister  of  Appanages,  to  issue  a  fresh  proclination  to  the  peasants  of  the  Crown  domains,  calling  on  them  to  raise  a  second  corps  of  Sharpshooters,  to  bear  the  name  of  the  Itnperial  family,  and  defend  Holy  Russia  against  the  enemies  of  the  orthodox  faith.  The  government  has  ordered  a  commutation  of  the  robat  (compulsory  services  of  the  peasants  on  the  lord's  demesne,  payments  in  kind,  &amp;c  ),  ter-  minable  in  three  years.  We  also  learn  from  St  Petersburg  that  an  Imperial  ukase  orders  a  new  coinage  of  copper  to  the  amount  of  three  millions  of  silver  roubles,  to  be  commenced  as  soon  as  the  issue  previously  ordered  shall  have  been  corn-  Dieted.  PRUSSIA  From  Berlin,  under  date  of  the  31st  ultimo,  we  learn  that  the  Swedish  arsensals  and  military  establishments  are  actively  employed  in  the  prepa  ration  of  every  kind  of  warlike  material.  The  finances  have  been  managed  with  such  economy,  that  the  governMent  has  several  millions  of  thalers  in  hand,  all  of  which  are  to  be  devoted  to  fully  equipping  the  army  and  navy.  The  intention  of  the  Emperor  of  Russia  to  eman emancipate  cipate emancipate  the  serfs,  is  set  afloat  to  enlist  the  sympathies  of  Europe.  On  the  contrary,  some  ameliorations  introduced  by  the  Emperor  Nicholas  have  been  abrogated  by  the  present  Czar  as  a  sop  to  the  nobility.  The  publication  of  the  Austrian  Concordat  with  the  Pope  is  prohibited  in  Russia  and  Poland.  Both  the  Greeks  and  Catholics  in  Russia  would  be  discontented  with  the  compara comparative  tive comparative  position  of  their  respective  Churches.  •  The  news  that  reached  here  some  little  time  back  of  an  improvement  in  the  health  of  Prince  Paskewitsch  turns  out  to  have  heed  either  un unfounded  founded unfounded  or  illusory;  he  is  stated  now  to  be  getting  worse  and  worse  ;  all  hopes  of  his  eventual  recovery  are  now  given  up,  but  it  is  believed  he  may  linger  yet  for  several  months.  At  the  time  of  Count  Esterhazy's  passing  through  Warsaw  (21st)  and  calling  upon  him,  he  was  able  to  leave  his  bed  and  receive  the  Austrian  visitor  seated  in  an  aim  chair.  AUSTRIA  Advices  dated  Vienna,  announce  that  Count  George  Esterhazy  has  communicated  to  the  King  of  Prussia  the  propositions  which,  on  the  17th  ult.,  were  forwarded  to  St.  Petersburg  ;  and  Col.  Manteuffel,  his  Majesty's  confidential  agent,  has  received  instructions  to  communicate  to  this  court  his  royal  master's  intentions.  It  was  not  likely  that  Prussia  would  openly  express  her  dis  approval  of  the  conditions  made,  but  it  will  pro_  bably  be  seen  that  she  will  offer  to  make  conees.  sion  to  Austria,  if  the  latter  will  promise  to  en endeavour  deavour endeavour  to  procure  more  favorable  terms  for  Russia.  It  is  believed  here  that  Baron  Manteuffel,  having  taken  alarm  at  the  energy  recently  displayed  by  Bavaria  and  Saxony,  considers  it  necessary  to  take  a  step  in  advance,  in  order  that  Prussia  may  not  be  completely  isolated.  We  are  in  total  igno ignorance  rance ignorance  of  what  is  doing  in  Saxony,  but  it  is  evident  that  something  unusual_  is  going  on,  as  Baron  Konneritz,  the  xon  Minister  at  this  Court,  has,  in  obedience  to  orders  received  by  electric  tele telegraph,  graph, telegraph,  gone  to  Dresden.  The  follow  which  re  the  Cabinet  of  lescribed  to  be  the  tents  of  is  to  lay  of  a  perfect  and  standing.  between  the  Western  Powers  and  Austria,  bot  t  h  with  regard  to  the  tenour  of  the  conditions  of  peace  which  are  to  provide  the  necessary  guaran guarantees,  tees, guarantees,  and  to  the  common  action  of  the  Allies  in  case  of  their  being  •  The  proposals  contain  :  The  relinquishment  of  the  Russian  Protec Protectorate  torate Protectorate  over  the  Danubian  Principalities  and  the  conditions  essential  to  a  securing  of  a  new  order  of  things  there.  This  difficult  point,  which  is  already  in  process  of  being  carried  out,  is  drawn  up  so  decisively  and  clearly,  that  in  case  of  its  acceptance  every  prejudicial  influence  on  the  part  of.  Russia  on  the  deliberations  as  to  the  regula•  tion  of  the  affairs  of  the  Principalities  is  exclu excluded  ded excluded  at  once.  Russia  is  required  simply  to  give  her  assent  to  the  arrangements  about  to  be  made,  without  participating  in  any  deliberation  or  any  resolution  on  the  subject.  2.  Cession  of  a  portion  of  Bessarabia,  to  such  an  extent  that  Russia  would  be  not  only  removed  from  the  delta  of  the  Danube,  but  would  have  to  give  up  her  entire  position  on  that  river.  The  geographical  line  for  the  future  Russian  frontier  is  traced  -on  a  map  appended  to  the  papers,  and  according  to  that  the  Russian  frontier  would  -be  considerably  thrust  back.  _  _  Neutralisation  of  the  Black  Sea,  without  any  Russian  fortresses  and  arsenals  on  its  coasts  ;  at  the  mouths  of  the  Danube,  however,  there  is  to  be  a  station  for  vessels  of  war  of  small  burden,  for  the  purposes  of  marine  police.  Common  protection  of  the  Christian  sub subjects  jects subjects  of  the  Porte  All  the  above  points  have  been  prmosed  by  kustria  ;  the  following  have  been  added  by  the  Western  Powers  :—Admission  of,  Consuls  into  the  harbours  of  the  Black  Sea,  and  an  undertaking  on  the  part  of  Russia  never  for  the  future  to  erect  any  fortifications  on  the  Aland  Isles.  The  term  allowed  to  Russia  by  Count  Esterhazy,  who  was  expected  to  arrive  in  S.  Petersburg  by  the  24th  or  25th,  is  very  short,  and  in  ten  days  the  decision  must  be  made.  Should  the  proposals  be  rejected,  the  immediate  breaking  off  of  diplomatic  relations  between  Russia  and  Austria  would  The  negociations  between  Baron  Bruck  and  the  Credit  and  Commercial  Bank  in  reference  to  the  Italian  railroads  have  already  begun.  The  com company  pany company  will,  not  only  have  the  Lombardo-Venetian,  but  also  the  Central  Italian,  railroad  The  news  of  the  Turin  pap(  de  Chambord  has  visited  the  Nervi  is  totally  unfounded  Countess  did  not  t  quit  Frohsdorf  that  the  Count  leen  Amelie  at  'he  Count  and  the  17th  Venice  until  Count  Buol,  Baron  Bach,  and  Count  Leo  Thun  have  received  permission  from  the  Emperor  to  wear  the  Grand  Cross  of  the  Pius  Order,  which  they  re received  ceived received  from  the  Pope  as  a  reward  for  the  complais complaisance  ance complaisance  they  displayed  in  the  matter  of  the  Concordat.  Prince  Menschikoff  is  appointed  Military  Governor-  General  of  The.  Vienna  correspondent  of  the  Times  states,  that  three  weeks  from  the  day  of  delivery  is  the  time  allowed  for  the  consideration  of  the  Austrian  proposition.  nEPARTMENT.  —Lord  Panmare  has  directed  t-War  be  no  rHE  WAIL  that  the  title  Searetar  that  in  all  future  communieat  LoAship  is  to  be  adcirc  ea  oni  nger  used,  an  respondence  h  MonmoNs.—T  of  Stat  tition  of  a  por3on  turbinr  a  congregation  of  monites  . STYLE=superscript  ),  at  Dover,  came  on  at  . STYLE=superscript  the  Quarter  Sessions  of  that  town  on  Thursday  but  broke  down,  owing  to  an  inf  orma  lit,  in  the  proof  of  the  registry  of  the  place  for  pull'  ship.  The  Recorder,  however,  intimated  in  his  chars_  the  Grand  Jury  that  the  Mennonites  were  entitled  to  pro protection  tection protection  from  interruption  provided  their  meeting-houses  were  regularly  registered,  WOr-"
