text
"CHECKS  ON  (From  our  Fine-Art  Commissioner,  Manchester.)  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  SIR,—We  had  a  conversation  the  other  evening  with  Mr.  Checks,  on  statues.  We  think  it  our  duty;  and  in  accordance.with  the  tenor  of  our  in instructions,  structions, instructions,  to  report  thereon.  It  is  well  kno  - STYLE=superscript  wn,  or  ought  to  be,  that  our  friend  prides  himself  on  what  he  calls  a  feeling  for  feeling  for  he  is  accustomed  to  observe,  the  privilege  of  our  Every  well-educated  fellow  must  have  it.  The  prince  has  it.  All  our  rich  spinners  have  it.  He  has  it.  He  could  not  get  in  society  without  it.  Mr.  Checks,  when  pressed,  acknowledges,  certainly  does  not  but  that  has  nothing  to  do  with  the  ques question.  tion. question.  As  a  dignitary  of  the  church,  or  say  a  with  a  national  grant  or  public  sub subscription  scription subscription  to  dispose  of,  his  would,  of  course,  relieve  itself  in  statues,  or  something  in  the  fresco  If  in  the  wealthy  manufactui-inrr  he  would  naturally  cultivate  bits  of  or  proofs  (15.15)  of  sheep,  dead  poultry,  and  the  canine  species  generally.  Even  if  a  householder,  as  a  matter  of  it  is  useless  to  put  that  case—he  is  not  and  does  not  know  when  he  may  Therefore  Mr.  Checks,  by  his  own  account,  is  content  to  open,  his  eyes  instead  of  his  pocket,  and  enjoy  other  people's&#34;  works  of  art,  having  none  of  his  own.  Of  course  Mr.  Checks'  is  a  critic.  Who  isn't  he  abruptly  asks  ;  and  though  we  do  not  remember  to  have  heard  him  use  the  words  or  middle  as  often  as  we  could  wish,  still  we  are  inclined  to  believe  in  his  own  words,  that  he  a  good  thing  when  he  sees  In  the  performance  of  our  duty,  sir,  we  had  that  morning  inspected,  at  the  Royal  Institution  of  this  city,  the  for  the  Wellington  statue  intended  to  be  erected  here.  Musing  at  intervals  on  the  de decision  cision decision  of  the  judicial  committee,  it  struck  us  that  we  would  take  Mr.  Checks'  opinion  about  it.  We  sought  him  at  hie  club.  Our  friend  was  there.  During  an  interval  at  billiards,  he  received  us  with  his  usual  expressions  of  pleasure.  Seeing,  however,  that  he  was  intent  and  fidgetty,  fre frequently,  quently, frequently,  and  following  his  ball  about  in  a  partially  abstracted  manner,  we  waited  until  he  had  finished  the  game,  which  he  proacilar  did,  by—amongst  other  things  a  cue,  missing  a  simple  and,  through  the  medium  of  what  his  adversary  called  a  winning  it.  Cutting  short  Mr.  Checks'  complacent  admission,  that  was  a  and  his  smiling  qualification  of  it  as  infernal  we  led  him  to  the  com comfortable  fortable comfortable  corner,  called  in  the  assistance  of  our  steward,  and,  over  a  friendly  glass,  told  him  what  we  had  been  doing  in  the  morning,  and  in  general  terms  and  at  some  length  opened  our  to  him.  Mir.  Checks  surprises  us  by  promptly  declaring  he  sees  nothing  in  it.  He  asks  your  with  some  apparent  irritation,  what  we  would  have  ?  He  declares,  if  we  are  not  satisfied  we  ought  to  be  ;  and  settles  himself,  avowedly,  to  us  up  in  which  he  proceeds  to  effect  in  his  usual  sententious  manner.  How  stands  the  case?  'thus:  says  Mr.  Checks,  Manchester  wants,  that  is,  several  of  her  leading  to  subscribe  for  a  statue  to  F.M.  the  Duke.  Competition  is  invited.  Judges  are  appointed.  Artists  compete.  A  statue  is  selected.  The  grumblers—Mr.  Checks  looks  significantly  at  us— usbegin  begin usbegin  to  grumble.  So  !  At  what  do  we  grumble  ?  At  competition?  Absurd.  (Mr.  C.  never  pretends  to  modesty  in  his  expression  of  opinion.)  Everything  now-a-days  is  a  result  of  competition.  Our  gigantic  trade,  our  voluntary  education;  with  the  trifling  excep exception  tion exception  of  an  established  portion  of  it—our  religion.  Why  not  our  art  ?  See  how  Lord  John  caught  it  for  giving  Gibson  a  commission,  instead  of  asking  for  a  A  job,  they  called  it.  Without  competition  statesman  can  not  be  kept  honest.  Think  of  that  !  .tvo  •  f  ar  called  into  exis existence  tence existence  by  he  wi  l  l  not  go  from  his  own  town  to  that  idea.  There's  in  the  infirmary  pond,  or  rather  were  the  pond  was.  He  knows  it  has  been  considered  a  matter  of  congratulation,  that  the  deceased  did  - STYLE=superscript  not  wear  his  hair  en  or  the  resemblance  in  profile  would  have  been  complete  not  heard  of  it— itnot  not itnot  of  a  pump  without  a  handle  No,  we  sur surprised  prised surprised  him.  Grantin  g  it  were  so,  people  had  no  business  to  it  in  that  Look  the  thing  full  in  the  face,  and  what  could  be  better?  It  is  all  very  to  say  statues  should  be  pleasing  or  dignified  in  every  aspect.  It  cannot  be.  .If  artists  contrived  it,  the  elements  would  not  allow  it.  Take  one  of  our  soaking  wet  days;  would  there  be  a  whit  more  dignity  , STYLE=superscript  in  soot  and  water  dripping  from  the  nose  of  Peel  without  a  hat  as  a  statesman,  than  in  soot  and  water  trickling  from  the  spout  of  Peel  without  handle  as  a  pump  ?  We  are  hypercritical,  Mr.  Checks  tells  us.  If  living  heroes  will  not  bear  looking  at  from  every  why  should  their  statues  ?  Deal  with  the  latter  as  with  the  former:  if  they  present  a  decent  to  society,  let  them  Only  uncomfortable  people  think  .of  prying  round  corners  and  assailing  them  in  the  rear.  Justify  such  conduct,  and  presently  we  should  require  the  sides  of  our  public  buildings  as  well  as  their  fronts  to  be  made  of  stone,  when  everyone  brick  is  as  useful,  and  much  more  cheap.  Finding  that  Mr.  Checks  is  likely  to  continue  in  the  same  strain  longer  than  is  necessary  for  the  entire  of  your  we  divert  his  attention  by  directing  it  to  the  large  proportion  of  inferior  sent  in  for  exami examination.  nation. examination.  He  pooh  our  objections  to  them  as  caricatures  calculated  to  associate  the  illustrious  dead,  and  more  especially  his  nose,  with  the  ridiculous.  He  declares  with  some  vivacity,  if  Frenchmen  would  feel  avenged  to  look  at  them,  they  were  welcome  and  no  mistake  and  as  for  any  waste  of  labor  they  might  represent  Mr.  Checks  reminds  us,  a  clever  artist's  time  is  not  worth  much  he  whilst  for  the  young  it  is  exciting  Mr.  Checks  rings  for  a  sandwich  and  bitter  and  defends  the  appointment  of  the  judicial  committee.  One  of  its  noble  members,  he  observes,  is  as  well  known  for  a  refined  taste  in  selecting,  as  he  is  admired  for  a  kindly  liberality  in  exposing  to  view  the  master-pieces  which  fill  his  galleries.  His  noble  coadjutor,  though  not  as  well  in  /I  ,or  a  horse.  It  was  reasonable  presumption  that  F.  M.  the  Duke's  statue  would  need  and  what  satisfaction  for  every  subscriber  to  reflect  in  the  interval  of  suspense,  that  if  he  had  to  pay  for  it  could  be  Of  his  lordship,  our  excellent  bishop  the  third  member  of  the  &amp;mmittee,  it  is  only  necessary  to  remark  that  being  ex  a  judge  of  most  things,  he  is  amongst  other  things,  a  judge  of  art.  Add  the  general  consideration  6,  that  these  gentlemen  having  presumedly  been  brought  in  ancestral  had  an  early  acquaintance  with  the  which  no  doubt  there,  and  like  that  young  in  some  or  other,  (German,  Mr.  C.  believes,)  must  naturally  ever  afterwards  have  a  longing  appreciation  for  statues  in  general.  What  nonsense  to  speak  of  '  not  representing'  the  people  of  Manchester,  their  wishes,  feelings,  modes  of  thought,  and  what  not  Bosh  says  Mr.  Checks,  they  do  represent  them,  more  than  they,  the  people,  imagine  ;  and  if  they  represent  the  sub subscribers  scribers subscribers  that's  enough  .  pay,  no  is  M.  Checks's  motto,  and  the  British  constitution's  also.  Five  or  seven  thousand  pounds  have  a  right,  in  a  free  country,  to  select  who,  mid  put  what  they  like—yes,  and  if  it  comes  to  to  put  Clown  what  they  don't  like.  _  _  Mr.  Checks  is  evidently  excited.  He  orders  a  cigar.  He  would  not,  if  he  was  not.  Between  in intervals  tervals intervals  of  smoking  and  re-lighting  (Mr.  Checks'  cigars  are  always  going  he  rebuts  our  stric strictures  tures strictures  on  the  selection  made  by  the  noble  and  right  reverend  committee.  What  are  statues?  he  asks.  Our  embodied  idea idealisations  lisations idealisations  of  great  or  beautiful  realities  ?  Certainly  not—nothing  of  the  sort.  But  mee  ti  ng  us  on  our  own  ground,  he  is  prepared  to  the  coin  mittee  have  not  failed.  The  genius  of  a  youth  working  in  battle  and  other  anti-peace  doctrine  practises;  the  convictions  of  a  maturity  passed  in  resisting  democracy,  barricading  Apsley  House,  and  protecting  native  industry,  i  t  i.  o  not  the  Manchester  ideal  of  Neither  as  the  hero  of  or  any  of  the  99  other  fights  in  which  he  was  engaged  ;  nor  as  the  impds impdssable  sable impdssable  conservative  statesman,  was  he  much  valued  here.  Manchester  honors  (so  does  Mr  Checks)  ;  but  it  must  be  pluck  on  the  right  side"
