text
"TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Sm,—The  management  of  the  Post-Office  affects  the  interests  of  so  many  individuals  in  this  country,  that  it  is  at  all  times  worthy  of  the  gi  eatest  atten attention  tion attention  and  the  calmest  consideration.  Vast  interests  are  at  stake,  and  an  incalculable  amount  of  incon inconvenience  venience inconvenience  may  arise  by  the  neglect  of  those  interests;  and  it  is  too  much  the  case  at  the  present  time,  that  remonstrances  are  snubbed  by  officials,  treated  with  indifference  by  parties  who  are  not  at  the  moment  sufferers  ;  and  the  evil  is  endured  because  there  appears  no  one  powerful  enough  at  hand  to  press  the  matter  to  a  candid  hearing  and  a  redress.  Postal  arrangements  with  the  Continent  may  be  thwarted  by  the  stupidity  of  one  government  or  the  shortsightedness  of  another.  Ocean  means  of  transit  may  be  limited  for  want  of  enterprise,  or  by  the  enormous  subsidies  required  to  be  granted  by  Government  to  encourage  such  enterprise.  But  the  means  at  the  command  of  our  Postmaster-  General  at  home  is  almost  unlimited  ;  and  where  the  requirements  of  a  particular  district  demand  certain  arrangements,  it  is  a  most  grievous  hard hardship  ship hardship  that  he  does  not  avail  himself  of  the  means  so  bountifully  within  his  reach  in  these  railway  times.  From  the  General  Post-Office  arrangements,  it  would  appear  that  London  was  the  sole  point  worthy  of  consideration;  and  if  the  mails  suit  the  metropolis  they  are  pronounced  sufficient.  Loud  were  the  demands  made  some  time  since,  for  a  night  mail  from  Liverpool  and  Manchester  to  Glas Glasgow  gow Glasgow  ;  and  as  it  suited  the  Post-Office  management  for  a  time  to  grant  it  in  connection  with  the  five  o'clock  express  from  Euston-square,  the  privilege  was  enjoyed  by  our  merchants—but  only  for  a  time  ;  it  has  been  taken  off,  and  they  are  left  in  a  worse  position  than  they  were  before;  and  instead  of  having  to  write  once  a-day,  they  are  compelled  to  waste  their  valuable  time  in  the  middle  of  the  day,  writing  for  the  early  mail,  and  again  at  the  close  of  business  1  _lOll  rc  me  inhabitants  of  Preston  and  Blackburn  had  their  letters  (written  at  three  o'clock)  delivered  the  same  evening.  This  is  now  denied  them,  and  the  thousand-and-one  inconveniences  suffered  by  hun hundreds  dreds hundreds  are  treated  as  quite  unworthy  of  notice.  Glasgow  has  complained  through  her  Dean  of  Guild.  Why  do  not  Liverpool  and  Manchester,  through  their  Chambers  of  Commerce,  enter  a  most  energetic  protest  against  such  treatment?  Have  our  members  of  Parliament  ceased  to  have  any  influence  ?  If  any  loss  would  arise  to  either  the  Post-office  or  the  Railway  companies,  some  allowance  might  be  made  ;  but  when  it  is  admitted  on  all  hands,  that  such  would  not  be  the  case,  it  seems  unpar unpardonable  donable unpardonable  that  the  enormous  business  transactions  carried  on  between  Glasgow  and  this  port  and  Manchester  should  be  prejudiced  by,  and  made  secondary  to,  London  interests.  Let  us  have,  then,  as  formerly,  a  north-mail  made  up  at  half-past  three  in  the  afternoon,  for  the  con convenience  venience convenience  of  Preston,  Blackburn,  and  that  district  ;  and  a  Scotch  mail  at  eight  o'clock,  so  that  the  letters  will  be  delivered  in  Glasgow  by  the  first  delivery  next  morning.  It  only  needs  to  be  laid  before  the  proper  quarter  by  the  Chambers  of  Commerce,  to  be  carried  with without  out without  delay.  It  is  a  crying  shame  that  it  has  not  been  done  long  since,  and  if  the  Post-office  man management  agement management  declines  to  make  the  desired  change,  then  press  the  matter  at  the  Home-office.  Lord  Pal Palmerston  merston Palmerston  told  the  Glagow  people,  only  a  month  or  so  ago,  that  he  should  be  glad  to  hear  their  com complaints,  plaints, complaints,  and  if  he  could  set  matters  to-rights  he  would.  Let  us  give  him  an  opportunity.  QUESTIONS  FOR  THE  GEOGRAPHICAL  SOCIETY.—What  is  the  distance  between  the  Mouth  of  the  Thames  and  the  Chops  of  the  Channel  ?  Are  the  inhabitants  of  Montenegro  a  black  population  ?  Are  the  of  Tartary  a  na national  tional national  dance  ?—Diogenes.  NEW  MAYORS.  —At  a  meeting  of  the  Town  Council  of  Birmingham,  on  Wednesday,  Alderman  Baldwin  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  elected  Mayor  of  the  borough  for  the  ensuing  year,  and  in  the  evenin,,o•  a  banquet,  attendad  by  a  numerous  a  n  d  influential  body  of  residents  of  the  town  and  neighbourhood,  was  given  at  Dee's  Royal  Hotel  to  Mr.  Hawkes,  the  ex exmayor,  mayor, exmayor,  upon  his  retirement  from  office.—At  the  meeting  of  the  Leeds  Town  Council.  the  same  day,  Mr.  Alderman  John  Wilson,  Spanish  and  fancy  leather-dresser,  was  elected,  without  opposition,  Mayor  of  Leeds  for  the  ensuing  year.  TIT,  •  A  SPA.NI3II  LOVE  INTRIGUE.—A  young  officer,  Don  Antonio  Rodriguez  Amador,  of  the  cavalry  regiment  of  Sagunto,  in  the  Spanish  army,  stationed  in  Grenada.  was  on  intimate  terms  with  the  family  of  a  tradesman  of  that  city,  named  Martinez.  Eight  nights  ago  he  was  invited  to  sleep  in  the  house,  and  the  chamber  was  prepared  for  him.  At  about  midnight,  when  everybody  had  retired  to  rest,  M  Martinez  heard  a  nnise  which  caused  him  to  su  pp  ose  th  a  t  the  officer  had  been  admitted  into  his  daughter's  chamber.  He  went  there,  and  found  him  in  bed  with  the  girl.  He  seized  the  officer's  sword,  and  plunged  it  into  his  breast.  The  officer,  without  waiting  to  dress  himself,  leaped  from  the  window,  but  after  staggering  a  few  steps  fell  dead.  His  body  was  picked  up  by  the  watchman.  The  next  day  M.  Martinez  gave  himself  up  to  justice.—Galignani.  AUSTRALIA  VIA  NEW  YORK.—The  New  York  papers  published  news  from  Melbourne  to  the  20th  August,  being  as  late  as  the  latest  advices  received  in  England  by  the  Argo.  The  New  York  Herald  gives  the  itinerary  as  follows  :  have  received  by  the  way  of  Callao,  thirty  days  later  news  from  Australia.  The  ship  Plymouth  Rook,  Captain  Farn Farnham  ham Farnham  L.  Tucker,  from  Melbourne,  Port  Fhilliy,  whence  she  sailed  on  the  20th  of  August,  arrived  at  Callao  ,  on  the  29th  of  September—thus  making  the  passage  in  thirty-nine  days  —the  shortest  on  record.  Our  late  news  from  Australia  came  by  the  P.  R.  She  came  to  the  southward  of  the  Snares.  Off  New  Zealand,  passed  the  parallel  of  53.30  south,  when  she  was  driven  to  the  northward  by  an  easterly  wind  which  lasted  two  days;  thence  she  steered  to  her  original  track  to  the  eastward  ;  passed  to  the  eastward  of  St.  Felix  Island,  and  made  the  island.,  of  Chincha  on  the  thirtieth  day  out.  She  was  becalmed  two  days  off  Callao.  No  vessels  were  spoken  nor  seen  on  the  passage  until  land  was  Tax  CHOLERA.—WhiIe  the  Cholera  has  abated  in  nearly  all  the  places  in  which  cases  had  occurred  except  the  metro metropolis,  polis, metropolis,  it  has  broken  out  with  some  severity  in  Edinburgh,  where  several  fatal  cases  aro  reported.  The  shocking  sani sanitary  tary sanitary  arrangements  which  led  to  two  of  these  cases  the  Globe  thus  recommends  to  the  consideration  of  the  Edinburgh  presbytery  We  trust  that  they  will  henceforth  show  their  earnestness  by  dealing  actively  with  the  evils  that  sur surround  round surround  them,  rather  than  by  an  ostentatious  display  of  piety,  and  an  indolent  submission  to  misfortunes  for  which  the  remedies  have  been  placed  within  our  reach.  Let  them  ex explore  plore explore  the  wretched  habitations  which  contrast  so  terribly  with  the  dwellings  of  the  rich.  Let  them  feed  the  hungry  and  give  medicine  to  the  sick—let  them  sweep  away  that  loathsome  filth  which  hangs  about  and  brutalises  poverty— povertylet  let povertylet  them  fling  some  words  of  human  sympathy  among  the  miserable  creatures  who  infest  their  streets  and  disgust  a  stranger—let  them  but  step  from  without  their  thresholds  and  employ  one  hour  of  their  day  in  ennobling  science  by  making  it  minister  to  the  comfort  of  their  kind,  and  they  will  have  done  more  in  that  single  hour  than  in  years  of  prayer,  whose  sincerity  can  only  bo  attested  by  such  exer exertions.—Manchester  tions.—Manchester exertions.—Manchester  Examiner.  SINGULAR  REVERSE  OF  FORTUNE.—In  midsummer  last  year  a  merchant  fitted  out  a  vessel  from  the  Clyde  for  Mel Melbourne,  bourne, Melbourne,  he  being  owner  of  both  ship  and  cargo.  She  carried  out  a  number  of  passengers,  and  among  the  crew  was  a  poor  boy,  who  was  taken  out  free  for  his  labor.  When  the  ves vessel  sel vessel  arrived  at  Melbourne,  the  owner  sold  the  cargo,  and  shortly  afterwards  the  vessel,  and  remitted  the  proceeds  to  his  friends  at  home.  This  poor  boy  got  employment  in  one  of  the  numerous  lighters  that  ply  between  the  large  emigrant  ships  and  Melbourne,  carrying  cargo,  a  very  profitable  trade,  and  he  last  week  remitted  his  widowed  mother  £lO  of  his  savings,  accompanied  by  a  letter,  in  which  he  says,  am  well  employed  and  saving  money.  You  may  perhaps  be  aware  that  the  ship  I  came  by  was  sold  here,  and  the  owner  is  driving  a  cart  through  Melbourne,  the  captain  is  employed  as  a  laborer  about  the  wharves,  while  a  young  gentleman,  a  relative  of  the  owners,  is  carrying  a  hod  in  a  brick  THE  LORD  CHIEF  BARON  ON  THE  SYDENJIAM  CHRYSTAL  PALACE.—On  the  occasion  of  the  swearing-in  of  the  Lord  Mayor  of  London  on  Wednesday  last  before  the  Barons  of  the  Exchequer,  the  Lord  Chief  Baron  complimented  Alder Alderman  man Alderman  Challis,  the  retiring  Lord  Mayor,  for  having  set  on  foot  a  mark  of  respect  and  admiration  for  Prince  Albert,  the  founder  of  the  Exhibition  of  1851.  The  Lord  Chief  Baron  then  remarked  that  he  was  rejoiced,  too,  to  see  that  there  was  a  new  and  still  more  magnificent  building  rising  up  in  another  locality—a  magnificent  building  wherein  would  be  exhibited  specimens  of  everything  the  contemplation  of  which  was  calculated  to  elevate  the  mind  of  man.  The  works  of  ancient  days,  the  works  of  mediaeval  days,  the  works  of  modern  days,  the  products  of  the  genius  of  the  human  race  in  all  ages—whether  those  works  were  the  results  of  science  or  of  simple  industry,  whether  they  were  the  produce  of  manual  or  of  mental  labour,  or  whether  they  came  from  the  extraordinary  talent  of  natural  genius  or  merely  as  some  of  the  effects  of  the  operation  of  the  araturel)f  the  respective  countries  upon  the  receptive  and  acuie'reind  of  civilized  man.  All  these  things  would  be  found  accunfulaSod  in  the  new  building  to  which  he  had  referred.  It  wes  impossible  to  contemplate  or  to  estimite  .  the  vast  ejtertt-V-6enefit  which  the  Great  Exhibition  had  •A.  V-  conferred  upog  ,all  Iptions,  and  it  was  equally  true  that  it  \  was  impossible  44  look  upon  that  scheme  without  being  k  deeply  i  m STYLE=superscript  resaectititlia  feeling  of  gratitude  to  the  illustrious  ,  individual  witholeit  that  scheme  had  its  _  origin.  That  exhibition  w  a  d  e  ted  to  turn  the  arms  of  war  i  nto  the  \  arms  of  pear-Among  civilized"
