text
"COUNTY  COURT.  v  --ESTERDAI  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ.)  ESTATE  AGENTS—JACOB  a.  JZWITT.  —The  plaintiff,  Mr.  Jacob,  an  estate  a  g  ent,  sued  the  defendant,  Mr.  Jewitt,  chart-seller,  South  John-street,  for  the  sum  of  £7  10s.  commission,  at  the  rate  of  one  per  cent.  upon  a  house  near  the  Old  Swan,  for  which  he  had  paid  £750.  Sir  George  Stephen  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Aspinall  for  the  defendant.  The  question  raised  in  this  case  was,  whether  Mr.  Jacob  could  establish  a  claim  to  the  per  tentage,  seeing,  that  after  a  conversation  between  them  about  some  houses  to  be  let,  the  defendant  himself  negotiated  with  the  land landlady  lady landlady  for  the  purchase  of  the  house  for  which  was  paid  £750.  His  Honor,  in  giving  judgment,  said  as  there  were  other  conversations  between  the  parties,  in  which  the  plaintiff  did  not  allude  to  his  claim,  he  should  take  it  that  the  one  now  sought  _to  be  establised,  as  a  business  transaction,  was  not  really  so,  and  he  should  therefore  non-suit  the  plaintiff.  SUBMISSION  TO  A.  THREATENED  STRIKE.—RANSON  V.  MAJOR.—The  plaintiff  is  a  journeyman  blacksmith,  and  the  defendant  is  Mr.  John  Major,  Brunswick-dock,  ship shipbuilder,  builder, shipbuilder,  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  £1  19s  4d.  wages,  for  70  days.  It  appeared  that  Mr.  Major  agreed  to  employ  the  plaintiff  by  the  wee  k  ;  but  th  e  l  a  tt  er  not  being  a  club-man  the  other  men  refused  to  work  with  him,  and  called  upon  Mr.  Major  to  discharge  him.  With  this  dicta dictation  tion dictation  Mr.  Major  complied,  he  discharged  the  plaintiff  on  Wednesday  night,  but  refused  to  pay  him  for  the  week,  the  term  for  which  he  had  been  employed.  He  contended  that  there  were  only  four  days  and  a  quarter,  overtime  included,  due  to  the  plaintiff,  and  he  accordingly  came  into  court  to  justify  this  tender.  The  plaintiff  on  being  sworn,  stated  that  he  had  been  employed  by  the  week,  by  Mr.  Major,  that  he  had  worked  lg  day  over-time,  in  addition  to  the  ordinary  three  days,  durinc  , STYLE=superscript  which  he  was  occupied,  and  that  he  was:discharged  by  Mr.'  Major,  at  the  dictation  of  this  men,  simply  because  he  was  not  a  club-man,  and  refused  to  become  one.  A  gentleman  from  Mr.  Major's  office  admit admitted  ted admitted  that  what  the  plaintiff  had  stated  was  true,  and  that  the  only  objection  to  his  being  continued  in  the  employment  was  his  not  being  a  club-man.  His  character  and  ability  were  unexceptionable,  and  Mr.  Major  ,  told  him  that  he  would  not  have  discharged  him  had  he  not  been  compelled  to  do  so  by  his  men.  His  Honor  said  that  the  claim  of  the  plaintiff  was  a  perfectly  just  and  proper  one,  and  he  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  regretted  to  observe  the  nature  of  the  defence  set  up  against  it.  The  plaintiff  had  been  engaged  for  aweek,  and  if  Mr.  Major  chose  to  submit  to  the  illegal  dictation  of  his  men,  and  discharge  the  plaintiff,  he  was  not  on  that  account  to  refuse  to  him  what  was  justly  his  due  from  th  6  nature  of  the  agreement  between  them.  Plaintiff  was  willing  to  work,lto  do:  it  honestly  and  fairly,  and  by  so  doing  to  earn  his  daily  bread  ;  but  it  would  be  a  sad  thing  if  he  were  now  to  suffer  both  from  the  conduct  of  the  master  and  his  savants.  The  servants  combined  against  him,  and  said  he  should  not  work  because  he  would  not  enter  into  a  club  ;  and  then  the  master  turned  round  and  said  he  would  not  pay  him,  because  the  men  had  combined  against  him.  The  representative  of  Mr.  Major  here  observed,  that  that  gentleman  did  not  wish  to  lischarge  the  man,  but  that  it  would  have  been  a  very  serious  matter  for  him  to  have  kept  him  in  opposition  to  the  men.  had  he  done  so,  they  would  have  all  struck  in  the  yards.—  His  Honor  :  In  other  words,  Mr.  Major  owes  this  man  the  money  :  he  engaged  to  keep  him  for  a  week,  but  it  is  more  convenient  for  him  to  obey  the  illegal  dictation  of  the  club,  than  to  pay  this  man  the  honest  earnings  on  which  his  sup support  port support  depends.  If  Mr.  Makir  chose  to  do  that—if  he  be  willing  to  submit  to  the  dictation  of  his  men,  and  will  not  pay  the  workman  who  works  honostly  and  well  for  him,  he  may  be  certain  that  he  will  encourage  his  men  to  strike,  and  that  his  own  conduct  will  recoil  on  him.  He  ought  to  be  the  last  man,  as  a  matter  of  policy,  to  do  as  he  has  done  ;  but  as  a  matter  of  justice,  nothing  is  clearer  than  that  the  wages  claimed  are  due  to  the  plaintiff.  The  refusal  of  the  men  to  work  with  the  plaintiff,  is  no  reason  why  Mr.  Major  should  refuse  to  pay  him  ;  and  I  am  sorry  to  hear  such  a  defence  set  up  by  a  master,  for  it  would  be  the  most  injuri injurious  ous injurious  thing  for  the  masters  themselves,  if  such  a  course  were  allowed  to  prevail.  And  it  is  the  more  unfortunate  still,  that  a  master  should  suppose,-  because  his  men  dictated  to  him,  that  he  was  therefore  relieved,  in  law  and  justice,  from  paying  to  his  workman  what  is  really  his  due.  The  plain plaintiff's  tiff's plaintiff's  claim  is  a  most  just  one,  and  I  have  great  pleasure  in  ordering  it  to  be  paid  at  once.  SYMPTOMS  OF  CHOLERA.—MITCHELL  V.  CRAIG.—The  parties  were  represented  by  their  wives,  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  ss.  lid.  for  provisions  sold.  When  Mrs.  Craig  entered  the  witness  box,  she  did  not  appear  to  feel  that  responsibility  which  even  *Wilkins  felt  at attached  tached attached  to  the  position  of  defendant  in  civil-bill  She  looked  somewhat  fiercely  at  the  plaintiff,  .sympathisingly  at:the  Court  generally,  and  then,  heaving  a  faint  sigh,  leaned  feebly,  but  in  a  very  unsteady  manner;  against  the  box.  His  Honor  inquired  if  she  were  ill?  To  which  the  defendant  re replied  plied replied  thar.she  was—that  she  had  been  labouring  under  symp symptoms  toms symptoms  of  cholera  for  a  few  days  ;  but  however  that  may  be,  it  was  very  evident  to  all  in  Court,:that  she  considered  an  indulgence  ad  libitum  in  the  very  best  preventive  to  the  further  approach  of  the  disease.  His  Honor  told  her  that  she  was  drunk,  and  would  not  permit  her  to  be  sworn,  upon  which  she  left  the  box,  and  behaved  herself  in  a  manner  not  at  all  in  keeping  from  its  unusual  liveliness  with  the  ordinary  idea  of  a  cholera  patient.  After  a  time  she  returned  into  court,  and,  while  abusing  the  offi officers,  cers, officers,  forced  her  way,  despite  of  their  efforts,  to  the  steps  of  the  bench.  His  Honor  endeavoured,  but  in  vain,  to  make  her  sensible  of  her  'position  and  its  disgrace,.  and  was  at  length  forced  to  send  for  a  constable  to  take  her  into  custody.  When  the  constable  came  she  struggled  violently  with  him  and  the  officers  of  the  court,  who,  by  the'  direction  of  his  Honor,  re removed  moved removed  her  with  as  little  force  as  possible.  A  MAN  'OF  PRINCIPLE.—NIJGENT  V.  STAVELEY.—The  plaintiff  is  a  painter,  arid  the  defendant,  Diana  Staveley,  keeps  a  public-house  in  Whitechapel.  It  appeared  that  the  plaintiff  went  into  the  house  a  short  time  since,  and  having  had  some  drink  was  handed  his  change.  This,  he  con contended,  tended, contended,  was  short  by  6d.,  and  he  accordingly  brought  the  present  action  to  recover  that  amount.  In  answer  to  the  Court,  he  said'he  brought  the  action  from  :principle.  His  Honour  commented  on  the  folly  of  such  a  proceeding,  and  observed  that  the  law  never  intended  the  time  of  the  court  should  be  occupied  by  such  cases.  The  statements  on  both  sides  being  equally  positive,  the  case  was  dismissed.  The  court  adjourned  at  its  rising  until  Ten  o'clock  on  Monday.  BANKRUPTCY  COURT.—Yesterday,  before  Mr.  Stevenson,  a  very  long  examination  was  taken  in  the  case  of  Fairclough,  of  the  firm  of  Dagnall  and  Fairclough,  bank bankrupts.  rupts. bankrupts.  At  the  rising  of  the  Court,  the  bankrupt's  examina examination  tion examination  was  further  adjourned.  THE'  JEWISH  NEW  YEAR.—The  great  feasts  of  the  New  and  Feast  of  amongst  the  Jewish  people,  have  just  terminated  in  this  town.  These  feasts  were  attended  with  great  solemnity,  and  after  the  manner  which  is  most  minutely  and  explicitly  laid  down  in  the  Old  Testament,  for  the  observance  of  these,  the  greatest  feasts,  of  this  most  interesting  and  ancient  people.  Those  who  wish  to  be  acquainted  with  the  particulars,  will  find  them  in  the  law  of  Moses  :  and  it  is  a  fact,  that  no  matter  in  what  country,  (and  where  are  they  not  to  be  found  ?)  the  Jews  are,  they  celebrate  these  religious  cere ceremonies  monies ceremonies  at  the  same  date,  and  with  the  same  observances.  FATAL  ACCIDENT.—A  man,  name  at  present  un unknown,  known, unknown,  but  who  had  pawn-tickets  on  his  person  with  the  name  John  Thomas,  was  found  on  Sunday  morning,  at  the  bottom  of  the  tunnel  at  Lime-street  station,  by  Thomas  Green,  a  plate-layer,  who  works  in  the  tunnel,  between  Edge  Hill  and  Lime-street.  He  found  this  poor  man  lying  on  his  back,  parallel  with  the  rails  of  the  down  line,  with  his  head  resting  on  one  of  the  rails  ;  one  of  his  hands  was  literally  smashed  to  pieces,  and  rested  on  his  chest.  The  sufferer  was  immediately  conveyed  to  the  Infirmary,  where  he  died  on  the  evening  of  Wednesday,  at  10  o'clock,  It  is  supposed  that  this  man  must  have  been  injured  by  the  50.  10.  p.m.  down  express  train,  for,  from  the  position  he  was  found  on  the  line,  he  would  have  b  e  e  n  i  nev  it  a  bly  cut  t  o  pieces  had  any  other  rain  followed.  It  is  also  supposed,  on  good  grounds,  that  this  is.  the  mune  man  Who,  on  Saturday  night  at  ten  o'clock,  enquired,  in  a  drunken  state,  of  one  of  the  porters  at  Lime-street,  for  the  Crewe  train,  and  was  directed  on  to  Edge  Hill  station."
