text
"THE  DECIMAL  SYSTEM  OF  C01Na4  ,, STYLE=superscript  -  ACCOUNTS.  PUBLIC  MEETING—YEsmittAT.  On  Yesterday  a  town's  meeting,  convened  by  the  was  held  in  the  sessions  -house,  to  take  into  eonsicl  e STYLE=superscript  t  the  question  of  the  introduction  of  decimal  coinag  e STYLE=superscript  '  twelve  o'clock  the  chair  was  taken  by  his  WorSliii  f  MAYOR.  Amongst  the  gentlemen  present  were--3  11 STYLE=superscript  ',t;  fall,  M.P.  ;  Mr.  Brown,  M.P.  ;  Mr.  ,  Thornely,  Messrs.  J.  P.  Heywood,  W.  Earle,  W.  Rathbone,  / STYLE=superscript  t  Booker,  Alderman  Bennett,  G.  G  ran  t,  J  o  h  n  Camp'  Bold,  F.  A.  Clint,  R.  Benn,  W  .  J  .  T  oml  i  nson  ,  Cl  Holland,  James  Aikin,  John  Aikin,  E.  Proctor,  F.  A'  milton,  J.  R.  Jeffery,  J.  B.  Barclay,  H.  Neill,  C.  Bober;  John  A.  Tinney,  T.  Mo  o  re,  E.  H  ea  th  ,  J  .  Baron,  It  1 STYLE=superscript  :  1° STYLE=superscript  T.  Bouch,  J.  A.  Picton,  James  Smith,  R.  Gill,  T.  m'  derson,  E.  Higgin,  Dr.  Ihne,  M.  M'llveen,  W.  As  James  King,  H.  Dowie,  W.  Smith,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  The  MAYOR  called  upon  the  town  clerk  to  read  there  sition  under  which  the  meeting  was  convened.  The  TOWN  CLERK  read  the  requisition,  which  bore,  1  1 STYLE=superscript  !  1 STYLE=superscript  ..1  others,  the  following  signatures  :—Messrs.  F.  Sn  i  president  of  the  c  h  am  b  er  o  f  commerce  ;  T  homas  Bend  vice-president  ;  William  Brown,  M.P.  ;  T.  B.  Horst'  M.P.  ;  Edward  Heath,  C.  Robertson,  Hugh  Hornby,  Lister,  T.  B.  Blackburne,  George  Crosfield,  J.  R.  Jeff  A.  H.  Wylie,  Joseph  Malcolmson,  T.  and  H.  Littledale  Co.,  W.  Henderson,  T.  F.  Bennett,  John  Gordon  Brown  , STYLE=superscript  C.  Tonge,  William  Moon,  Rawlins  and  Son,  W.  RathbolA  J.  Aikin,  J.  P.  Heywood,  Jas.  Myers  and  Co.,  H.  C.  char  man,  Thomas  Bold,  Adam  S.  Gladstone,  Walter  M'Grer  r STYLE=superscript  :  George  Holt,  John  Aiki  n  ,  T.  an  d  J  .  Brocklebank,  PP.  and  Boult,  Jevons  and  Co.,  &amp;c.  The  MAYOR  said  he  had  received  a  requisition  very  nil  rously  signed,  reques  ti  ng  hi  m  to  ca  ll  a  meeting  of  te,  inhabitants  to  conside  r  th  e  ques  ti  on  o  f  d  ec  i  mal  coinage.  .fre  thought  upon  that  question  there  could  be  no  doubt  that  did  decimal  system,  if  introduced,  would  save  time,  trouble,  al  l STYLE=superscript  expense.  (Hear,  hea  r  .)  It  was  th  ere  f  ore  of  great  i  m  port'  ance  that  a  meeting  should  be  held  to  consider  how  the!  might  advance  the  questi  on  .  H  e  un  d  erstoo  d  t  h  a  t  the  Chamber  of  Commerce  had  circulated  throughout  the  tie,  the  report  of  the  com  m  itt  ee  w  hi  c  h  sat  i  n  parliament  11&#34;',4  session  upon  decimal  coinage,  and  certainly  no  commuel'i  could  be  more  competent  to  consider  that  question  than  th  e  l  h  i  great  commercial  community.  H  e  h  a  d  therefore  mud  pleasure  in  presiding  at  thi  s  mee  ti  ng,  an  d  h  e  had  no  d  o  s  that  those  who  would  address  them  would  be  able  to  convie  d STYLE=superscript  the  meeting  that  if  the  change  took  place,  it  would  be:  great  advantage  to  the  community  at  large.  He  now  beg  to  call  upon  Mr.  William  Brown  to  move  the  first  resolutios  . STYLE=superscript  (Applause.)  Mr.  Baowx,  who  was  loudly  applauded,  then  address  , STYLE=superscript  the  meetin  g  .  He  said  the  gentlem  en  w  h  o  h  a  d  presente  d  the  ,  requisition  to  his  worship  the  ma  y  or  ,  w  hi  c  h  h  a  d  been  rt'  kindly  complied  with,  h  a  d  reques  t  e  d  hi  m  to  move  the  Of,  resolution.  He  would  rea  d  th  e  resolution,  but  before  06 STYLE=superscript  proceeded  to  move  its  ad  o  pti  on  ,  h  e  would  read  to  them  010 STYLE=superscript  ~  letters  which  had  b  een  rece  i  ve  d  thi  s  morn  i  ng  b  y  him,  ft°'  two  gentlemen  who  were  desirous  of  attending  the  m  eeting'  but  who,  not  being  able  to  do  s  o  ,  h  a  d  sen  t  in  writing  „ttil  views  they  entertained  on  thi  s  i  m  p  or  t  an  t  quest  i  on.  Brown  then  read  the  resolution,which  that  as  the  de  mal  system  of  money  an  d  accoun  t  s  a  ff  or  d  s  great  facility,  s  „  al  is  more  clea  r  ,  s  i  m  pl  e  ,  an  d  correct  t  h  an  that  at  present  in  1 STYLE=superscript  in  this  count  r  y,  it  is  o  f  great  i  mportance  to  the  interests  trade  and  commerce  that  it  should  be  The  lette  , STYLE=superscript  '  which  he  proposed  reading  to  them  were  one  from  the  r  es; STYLE=superscript  pectel  principal  of  the  C  o  ll  eg  i  a  t  e  I  nst  i  tut  i  on,  and  the  O.  from  Lord  Stanley.  Mr.  Brown  then  read  the  followi  l4 STYLE=superscript  letters  :  Knowsley,  December  20,  1863.  DEAR  SIR.—I  received  your  circular  and  accompael  note  this  morning.  I  q  u  it  e  agree  i  n  your  remarks,  and  sh„  be  ready  to  support  y  ou  i  n  any  s  t  ep  you  may  th  i  n  k  fit  take  with  a  view  of  popularising  the  decimal  schtme.  4i  rather  wish,  for  the  sake  of  a  vo  idi  ng  nee  dl  ess  change,  tuti,  we  had  retained  the  old  name  of  farthings,  instead  of  subs.  tuting  but  w  ith  thi  s  t  r  ifli  ng  except  i  on,  I  coneu  r  all  the  recommendations  of  the  committee.  I  should  have  been  glad  to  attend  the  Liverpool  meetl  il STYLE=superscript  l  on  the  28th,  but  am  engage  d  t  o  a  tt  e  nd  another  II  ing  on  that  day  at  some  distance.—  I  rema  i  n  ,  yours  fa'  fully,  STANLO  Brown,  8,  Bedford-square,  Brighton,  December  26,  185 STYLE=superscript  ,  3 STYLE=superscript  '0f  DEAR  S  IR  .—I  h  ave  to  thank  you  for  six  cop'  to  the  letter  on  decimal  coinage,  which  you  have  address,ed  I  the  president  of  the  Li  ver  p  oo  l  c  h  am  b  er  o  f  commercef,';ieli  will  place  them  in  th  e  h  an  d  s  o  f  persons  w  h  o  seem  to  ne.,`,130  to  take  an  interest  in  th  e  su  bj  ec  t  .  l  am  very  sorry  I.&#34;:Astis'  attend  the  meeting  w  hi  c  h  th  e  M  ayor  h  as  ca  ll  e  d  for  W  74  t)  , STYLE=superscript  day  but  I  can  express  to  you  in  writing  m  strop  the  importance  of  this  subject  in  its  coon  tion.  It  is  impossible  to  examine  clish  weights  and  mea meatable,  table, meatable,  and  i  n  th  o  t  a  bl  es  o  f  our  var  i  ous  x  ,  g  that  much  trouble  would  be  savedbothr  master  and  pupil,  and  much  time  would  be  available  for  otr  A  important  subjects  of  instruction,  if  the  decimal  system  1111- STYLE=superscript  adopted.  acif  I  speak  of  weights  and  measures  al'  with  the  curre  ~0  because  lam  convinced  that,  if  the  latter  is  decimalised,  ,  same  change  in  the  former  will  soon  follow.  I  never  7:  more  impressed  with  the  advantage  of  the  decimal  8 STYLE=superscript  1,  11 STYLE=superscript  :,  than  when  I  saw  in  the  Conservatoire  des  Arts  and  lifel7;  at  Paris,  the  whole  series  of  French  weights  and  messu'  in  one  view.  oys  in  the  pence  I  will  not  say  anything  about  book-keeping  and  ma  al  ne# STYLE=superscript  tary  transactions  in  general,  for  my  opinions  on  such  raalLs  would  be  worth  nothin  g;  b  u  t  I  may  ven  t  ure  to  add,  rill  the  arguments  adduced  i  n  the  parliamentary  report,  Oa,  o  f  your  letter,  in  favour  of  making  the  sovereign  the  uni_  dr  '  our  decimal  system,  and  against  the  assimilation  of  our  .  cency  with  that  of  either  France  or  the  United  StP  appear  to  me  conclusive.  I  h  ave  a  l  so  a  s  t  rong  f  ee  li  n  g  ro  ,a,  favour  of  retaining  our  old  English  pound,  P  .  .ia  ling  and  penny  and  even  as  regards  th  e  m  il  pi  ece  ,  I  Wo  k  set  set  derivation  at  defianc  e  ,  an  d  ca  ll  it  a  B'l  my  dear  sir,  with  much  respect,  yours  very  faithfully,  S.  lIowsoll•  'W.  Brown,  Esq.,  Mr.  BROWN  then  said  h  e  s  h  ou  ld  procee  d  t  o  state  to  the  meeting  what  had  taken  place,  which  brought  them  to  thell  present  position.  M  an  y  y  ears  ago,  t  h  e  f  ather  of  the  pres  erl  Lord  Wrottesley  broached  the  subject  in  the  house  of  core;  mons.  Little  was  done  until  Dr.  Bowring  took  it  up  sor„  time  afterwards,  and  induced  the  government  t  o  i  ssue  to:  florin,  one-tenth  of  a  pound.  Dr.  Bowring  was  desirous  tli  it  should  be  called  the  dime,  but  from  high  quarters  that  O  .  overruled,  and  it  was  called  a  florin.  The  matter  was  Lev  i  there  after  Dr.  Bowring  went  to  India,  until  the  LiverP&amp;P.  chamber  of  commerce  took  the  question  up.  They  appointed  a  sub-committee  to  examine  into  its  merits,  and  the  committee  presented  a  report  in  its  favour  to  the  chamber,  and  accordingly  they  memorialised  government  in  last  No November  vember November  twelve-months,  in  favour  of  the  decimal  systems  taking  the  sovereign  as  the  unit.  After  that  nothing  Wee  done  in  the  matter,  until  he  (Mr.  Brown)  went  to  London,  when  he  considered  that  he  could  not  render  a  better  service  to  the  country,  than  by  moving  for  a  committee  of  inquiri  in  the  house  of  commons.  His  first  notice  of  motion  em'  braced  weights  and  measures,  as  well  as  coinage,  but  some  judicious  friends  thought  that  he  had  better  omit  the  weight.;  and  measures  in  the  first  instance,  and  go  for  the  decline  coin  :;e  only  ;  beca  use  if  th  e  co  i  nage  were  once  decimal  i  se  d  '  the  adiantages  once  dem  ons  t  ra  t  e  d  wou  ld  l  ea  d  ,  as  a  matter  &amp;,  course,  to  the  decimalising  of  the  weights  and  measures'  (Hear,  hear.)  Prior,  however,  to  this  step  being  taken  bi  him,  the  board  of  trade  had  issued  a  letter  to  parties  wile  they  thought  could  give  information  upon  the  question,  to  state  their  views  not  only  regarding  the  effect  of  the  adqr  tion  of  the  decimal  system  upon  commerce,  but  also  how  we,  change  would  be  r  eceive  d  among  t  h  e  wor  ki  ng  and  i  ndustr  i  P,  classes.  The  committ  ee  ,  o  f  course,  h  a  d  no  t  to  ask  for  much  evidence,  for  these  letters  were  put  into  the  hands  of  the  committe,  and  this  evidence  examined.  There  probably  never  was  a  committee  which  sat  in  the  house  of  commove  , STYLE=superscript  which  was  more  completely  unanimous  than  that  committee,  in  fixing  upon  the  pound  sterling,  as  the  unit  e`  account.  During  their  frequent  sittings  there  not  a  single  division,  and  there  was  but  one  evidence  bl  d  which  it  was  suggested  that  the  p  enn  y  or  the  farthing  should  be  the  integer,  and  it  was  not  approved  of  by  the  committee;  Although  questions  were  asked  whether  ten  shillings  world  be  a  proper  unit,  whether  one  shilling  would  be  a  proper,  integer,  all  that  was  cons  id  ere  d  unadv  i  sa  bl  e,  and  the  pony'  was  adopted.  It  had  always  appeared  very  strange  to  hid  that  they  in  the  m  os  t  commerc  i  a  l  country  of  the  world  should  be  slow  i  n  a  d  o  pti  ng  a  sys  t  em  w  hi  ch  had  been  fount  *  to  work  well  among  all  other  nations  w  h  o  h  a  d  adopted  Ani‘  (Hear,  hear.)  At  that  moment  there  were  probably  47,,  millions  of  people  wh  o  used  th  e  d  ec  i  ma  l  system  of  cow.  _Der  and  accounts.  Ru  ss  i  a  u  se  d  th  e  d  ec  i  mal  system.  A  of  the  Zollverei  n  t  oo  k  pl  ace  f  our  or  f  i  ve  years  ago  at  Fran,.,4,  fort-on-the-Maiue,  at  which  the  question  was  discussed?  but  some  occurrence  prevented  it  from  being  adopted  since'  Austria  had  taken  the  i  n  iti  a  ti  ve,  an  d  a  d  o  pt  e  d  i  t.  France  ect  they  were  aware,  had  adopted  it.  The  United  States  1  3 STYLE=superscript  adopted  it  so  far  as  currency  wen  t,  b  u  t,  strange  as  it  4 STYLE=superscript  appear,  there  was  no  act  of  the  legislature  of  that  count  which  had  ever  d  ec  i  ma  li  se  d  th  e  weig  ht  s  and  measures.  inhabitants,  finding  from  their  experience  of  the  system  in  coinage,  that  it  produced  so  much  convenienc  e STYLE=superscript  ]  decimalised  the  weights  and  measures  for  themsen  (Hear,  hear.)  He  received  a  letter  the  other  day  frogr  friend  who  took  an  interest  in  the  question,  in  which  he  on  -  that  he  would  bring  the  subject  before  the  geographical  1 STYLE=superscript  7  0  0  statistical  society,  who  would  memorialise  the  United  Sttif  government  to  send  commissioners  to  Europe  with  the  lig  of  assimilating  the  weights  and  measures  of  England,  _,J,  United  States,  and  o  th  er  countries,  if  they  could  sucevi-0  They  were  quite  as  much  alive  to  the  advantages  se  50  ,4  were.  The  whol  e  p  opu  l  at  i  on  of  the  Chinese  empire  sj,  the  decimal  syst  em,  an  d  he  was  told  that  they  were  est.e'.o  ingly  expert  an  d  clever  in  calculation,  so  much  pc'  that  although  D  r  .  B  owr  i  ng  was  a  very  good,,t,  countant,  he  w  ou  ld  b  e  no  matc  h  for  his  Chinese  ser:d  or  the  Chinese  boy,  in  his  service,  and  he  never  APO  them  to  make  au  mistakes.  After  the  revolt  of  P2_TB00097 I"
