text
":les  dated  Vienna,  evenin  vho  brings  a  reply  to  the  propositions  of  the  Allies,  left  wevions  day  (the  7th  inst.).  announce  tackelberg,  St.  Petersburg  on  t  Journal  des  Debate  of  yesterday  quotes  advices  St.  Petersburg  to  the  date  of  the  3rd  instant.  Count  t  had  an  audience  of  the  Czar.  The  rhazy  had  not  y  e  took  place  on  the  28th,  and  a  second  interview  )n  the  30th.  The  second  conference  was  occupied  with  11  On  the  3rd  of  January  there  Petersburg  ;  the  struggle  Count  Nesselrod  was  great  anxiety  at  St  , STYLE=superscript  en  the  war  party  and  the  peace  party  was  becoming  closer  and  closer  every  day.  M.  ae  Nesseirode  inclines  it  is  said,  for  peace  ;  but  Privy  Councillor  Seniavine  is  for  This  division  of  opinion  exists  around  the  Emperor  d  even  in  the  midst  of  the  Imperial  family  Empress-Mother  desires  the  end  of  the  war—the  reigning  Empress  inclines  more  to  the  side  of  war.  The  Emperor  has  not  declared  himself  ;  it  is  believed  that  he  hesitates  before  the  immense  responsibility  of  the  decision  which  is  expected  from  him.  THE  WAR  IN  ASlA.—Despatches  received  from  the  sh  Camp  to  the  date  of  the  2Sth  Nov.,  states  that  news  had  come  in  announcing  that  General  Mouravieff  had  issued  a  proclamation  to  the  Mahometan  population  of  the  frontier  Asiatic  provinces,  warning  them  to  beware  of  the  unholy  alliance  which  Turkey  has  formed  with  the  Western  Powers,  and  pointing  to  the  present  occupation  of  Constantinople  as  a  reason  why  they  should  mistrust  the  professions  of  the  Allies  ;  at  the  same  time  he  assures  them  of  the  sincerity  of  Russia  and  the  honest  protection  which  she  will  ever  afford  to  her  Mussulman  subjects.  This  piece  of  diplomacy  has,  it  is  said,  produced  a  consi considerable  derable considerable  effect  in  those  quarters  for  which  it  was  more  spe specially  cially specially  intended.  The  violence  of  the  weather  for  the  last  few  days  had  rendered  any  attempt  at  an  advance  out  of  the  question.  Some  of  the  temporary  bridges  which  have  been  thrown  over  the  streams,  where  the  old  bridges  were  destroyed  by  the  Russians,  have  been  carried  away,  and  river  Ziewie,  which  runs  through  the  camp,  has  swollen  into  an  impetuous  torrent.  Three  more  -  spies  had  been  shot  by  order  of  Omar  Pacha.  One  of  them  was  the  adopted  son  of  Said  Bey  (Prince  Demetri),  who  is  a  near  relation  of  Prince  Michael  of  Abasia,  and  a  Major-  General  in  the  Russian  army.  Prince  Michael  himself  has  returned  to  Shemserrai  froma  visit  to  the  Princess  Dadian,  who  still  remains  a  t  Gordi,  a  mountain  fortress  distance  to  the  right  of  our  line  of  march  cy  Her  Highne  ss  will  pursue  in  the  difficult  position  in  is  placed  has  not  yet  transpired.  A  letter  signed  Schamyl  has  been  received  by  Omar  Pasha,  informing  ommunication  ,  as  this  is  the  road  principally  used  by  he  Russians  for  reinforcing  their  Trans-Caucasian  army  ,eaamyl,  if  it  a  winter,  this  manceavre  on  the  part  of  S  has  been  thoroughly  -••••-•.•+.--  The  London  Gazette  of  Tuesday  notifies  that  the  Queen  has  been  pleased  to  approve  of  Mr.  John  Edward  Naylor  as  consul  at  Liverpool  for  the  republic  of  Peru.  ne  um  John  ➢l'Allister  has  been  curacy  of  Blakeney,  Glouesstershire,  at  £  l, STYLE=superscript  .  Lord  Bishop  of  Wells.  He  is  er,  of  Glendermott,  and  junior  \l'Allister,  Liverpool.  .  James  ORDINATION.—The  Bishop  of  Chester  intends  to  h  o  ld  an  ordination  on  the  second  Sunday  in  Lent  (Feb.  17.)  The  examination  will  commence  on  Thursday,  the  14th  February,  at  the  Palace,  at  ten  o'clock.  Candidates  must  send  in  their  papers  on  or  before  the  14th  January,  to  C.  T.  W.  Parry,:Esq.,  Chester,  his  lordship's  secretary.  Doxenox.—Yesterday,  Inspector  Murphy  handed  to  Mr.  Mansfield,  for  the  use  of  the  poor  box,  the  sum  of  18s.,  which  was  the  fee  paid  to  a  j  ur  y  at  th  e  C  our  t  o  f  P  assage  ,  and  thus  appropriated  by  those  gentlemen.  An  acknow acknowledgment  ledgment acknowledgment  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  was  requested.  VILLAGE  LECTURES.—Last  evening  a  series  of  winter  lectures,  under  the  above  interesting  title,  was  commenced  at  the  Assembly-room  Coffee-house,  Wavertree.  The  Rev.  C.  M.  Birrell  was  the  first  lectu  rer  ,  and  the  subject  on  which  he  addressed  his  audience  was,  The  life  and  writings  of  John  The  rev.  gentleman  was  listened  to  with  great  attention:  SOUTHERN  AND  TOXTETH  HOSPITAL.—WEEBLY  REPORT,  JAN.  9TH,  1856.  —ln  patients  :—discharged  :  Cured,  8  ;  relieved,  0;  at  own  request,  0  ;  irregular,  0.  D  ea  d  ,  2  ;  entered,  13  ;  under  treatme  n  t,  62.  Out  patients  :  C  ured,  18  ;  entered,  33  ;  under  treatment,  30.  Treasurer,  James  Houghton,  Esq.  Visitors,  Mr.  T.  Ingram,  and  Mr.  T.  Rogers.  Honorary  chaplain,  Rev.  D.  T.  Barry,  13.  A.  Physicians  and  surgeons  for  the  week,  Dr.  Cameron,  and  Mr.  Churton.  House  surgeons,  Mr.  Charles  Royston,  and  Mr.  E.  C.  Garland."
