text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS  No  notice  can  Ix  taken  of  anonymOus  communications.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  by  the  name  and,  address  of  the  writer  ;  not  nec  arily  for  publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books,  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for-  Warded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  Kartijan  tittn.  , STYLE=superscript  n  l STYLE=superscript  .• STYLE=superscript  MONDAY,.  OCTOBER  17,  1853.  WE  were  enabled,  on  Saturday,  to  publish  exclu exclusively,  sively, exclusively,  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  the.  details  of  the  news  brought  by  the  Overland  Mail.  The  dates  from  Calcutta  are  to  the.  6th  of  September,  Bombay,  the  ,12th,  and  China,  to  the  23rd  of  August.  We  regret  to  state  that  the  accounts  from  Burmah  are  rather  glooiny.  When'  the  mail  left,  it  was  considered  exceedingly  probable  that  the  Burmese  would  again  be  troublesome  to  us,.at'  no  remote  period.  The  commercial  intelligence  from  Bombay  is  encouraging,  business  being  tolerably  The  same,  however;  does  not  apply  to  Cal Calcutta,  cutta, Calcutta,  operations  there  being  dull.  The  intel intelligence  ligence intelligence  .from  China  is  .peculiarly  interesting,  in  so  far  as  it  relates  to  the  movements  of  the  patriots,  who,  it  would  seem,  are  carrying  all  before  them.  They  had  been  successful  in  almost  every  battle  which  they  had  fought  with  the  imperialists,  and  when  the  last  accounts  left;  the  report  of  Pekin  having  fallen,  although  IVA  actually  confirmed,  was  very  generally  believed,  and  it  was  regarded  as  certain  that  Canton  would  also  be  taken  posses possession  sion possession  of  by  the  patriot  .  army.  Several  smaller  en engagements  gagements engagements  between  the  insurgents  and  the  impe imperialists,  rialists, imperialists,  -are  likewise  recorded,  in  which,  with  one  exception,  the  patriots  had  been  successful.  The  movement  is  of  great  consequence  to  this  coun country,  try, country,  and  will  naturally  be  watched  with  much  in interest.  terest. interest.  active  'TIE  inauguration  of  the  Statue  to  SIR  ROBERT  PEEL,  and  the  consecration  of  Denton  Church,  are  events  which  will  long  live  in  the  memories,  and  be  held  revered  in  the  hearts  of,  itt  least,  the  people  of  Manchester.  We  can  no  longer  say  that  have  fallen  upon  evil  days  when  there  is  abroad  such  an  active  of  good  and  when  the  memories  of  those  who  have  benefited  their  country  whilst  living,  can  be  so  devoutly  and  reverently  honoured  both  by  statesmen  and  the  public,  after  their  decease.  .  .  .  LAMARTINE  says  that  gOvernments  are  invariably  reflects  of  the  people.  °Our  experience  alone  would  confirm  this  proposition,  did  not  the  page  of  history  attest  its  truth.  -  Indeed  we  need  not  go  far  back  in  the  annals  of  our  own  country  to  perceive  the  change  which  has  taken  place  for  the  better.  Our  court  is  no:longer  licentious—our  government  irreligious— irreligiousor  or irreligiousor  our  parliament  neglectful  of  the  popular  interests.  Class-ship  and  clan-ship  exist  not  to  the  extent  they  have  done,  whilst  the  wall  of  separation  which  kept  men  asunder,  like  the  idol  in  the  temple  of  SERAPIS,  is  being  demolished  by  the  hammer  of  enlightened  opinion.  The,great  gulf,  created  by  ignorance  and  inhumanity,  which  have  divided  the  upper  from  the  lower  classes  is  narrowing  greatly,  and'  Peers  of  the  realm  think  it  not.  beneath  their  dig dignity,  nity, dignity,  now-a-days,  to  stand  upon  the  platform.  of  a  Mechanics'  institution,  and  instruct  the  . STYLE=superscript  people  in  art,  sciehce,  and  politics.  Our  leading  . STYLE=superscript  men  both  in  the  Houses  of  :  Lords  and  Commons  are  leading,  men  in  every  public  department  of  moral,  social,  and  humane  enterprize..  We  say  . STYLE=superscript  this  argues  well,  not  alone  for  the  generous  and  :  noble  sentiments  that  actuate  the  more  privileged!  classes,  but  likewise  for  the  moral  tone  of  charac character  ter character  which  pervades  the  less  privileged.  Whilst  the  CHANCELLOR  of  the  EXCHEQUER  is  a  type  of,  and  re reflects  flects reflects  decided  honour  on,  his  class,  there  are  those  to  be  found  in  the  humble  walks  of  life  who  reflect  no  less  honour  on  theirs.  Individuals  are  leSsSelfish.  •  There  is  an  enlightened  philanthropy  abroad,  which  occasionally  exhibits  itself:  in  acts  of  generous,  indeed,  noble  self-sacrifice,  generosity,  and  patriotism.  Institutions  are  founded,  some sometimes  times sometimes  by  individual  benevolence,  calculated  to  pro promote  mote promote  the  physical  comforts  of  those  whom  society  has  been  accustomed  to  respect  little  -and  to  re regard  gard regard  less.  Nor  is  this  all.  Political  economists  are  beginning  to  see  that  no  healthy  social  orga-:  nization  can  exist  apart  from  intellectual  culture  ;  and  hence  free  librarieS  are  everywhere  being  esta established.  blished. established.  Sometimes  by  the  magnanimous  and  princely  munificence  of  a  private  individual—as  in  the  case  of  WILLIAM  BROWN,  of  Liverpool.  No  doubt  these  are  incalculable  boons.  'To  relieve  the  weary  sons  of  toil,  and  promote  the  sanitary  condition  of  their  bodies  by  the  establishment  of  public  baths  and  free  parks  and  the  promoters  is  doing  much  are  worthy  of  all  honour.  But'  to  prepare  for  them  the  means  of  information,  and  open  up  sources  of  intellectual  enjoyment  unknown  before,  is  doing  incalculably  more"
