text
"DISCOVERY  OF  THE  NORTH  WEST  PASSAGE.  On  Friday  afternoon,  the  important  intelligence  was  re received  ceived received  at  the  Admiralty,  that  the  long  sought  for  North  West  passage  had  - STYLE=superscript  been  discovered.  Commander  Inglefield,  of  Her  Majesty's  Ship  Phcenix,  has  arrived  in  town,  and  announced  to  their  Lordship's  the  gratifying  fact  of  the  safety  of  Her  Majesty's  ship  Invetiga Invetigator,  tor, Invetigator,  Captain  M'Clure,  about  which  great  anxiety  began  to  be  felt.  Commander  Inglefield  also  brings  tidings  of  the  dis discovery  covery discovery  of  the  long  sought  for  North-west  Passage.  He  is  the  bearer  of  despatches  from  Sir  E.  Belcher,  Capt.  M'Clure,  and  Capt.  Kellett.  No  trace  has  been  discovered  of  Sir  John  Franklin's  expedition,  and  Captain  Inglefield  announces  the  loss  of  the  Breadalbane,  the  consort  ship  of  the  Phcenix,  and  the  death  by  drowning  of  a  gallant  officer  of  the  French  Imperial  Navy,  Lieutenant  Bella.  The  despatches  thus  received  are  filled  with  long  and  highly  interesting  details  connected  with  the  expedition;  but  some  idea  of  the  news  contained  in  them,  may  be  gathered  from  the  following  ex extracts,  tracts, extracts,  made  from  Capt.  Inglefield's  official  report  :  Majesty's  steam  sloop  Phcenix,  off  Thurso,  Oct.  4.  Sir,—l  have  the  honour  to  report  to  you  '  for  the  infor information  mation information  of  my  Lords  Commissioners  of  the  Admiralty,  my  arrival  from  the  Arctic  Regions,  bringing  with  me  the  im important  portant important  intelligence  of  the  safety  of  the  Investigator,  and  the  discovery  of  the  North-West  Passage,  though  unhap unhappily,  pily, unhappily,  without  finding  the  slightest  traces  of  the  missing  expedition,  either  by  this  route  or  on  the  field  of  search  occupied  by  the  squadron  under  Sir  Edward  Belcher's  command.  am  the  bearer  of  despatches  from  that  officer  and  Cap Captain  tain Captain  Kellett,  and  Lieutenant  Cresswell,  of  the  Investigator,  whom  I  appointed  from  the  North  Star  as  supernumerary  to  this  ship,  ]s  charged  with  the  letters  and  journals  of  Com Commander  mander Commander  ill'Clure.  As  his  journal  is  of  considerable  length,  I  will  endeavour  o  acquaint  you  with  the  substance  of  it,  that  their  Lordships  nay  thus  be  early  informed  of  the  leading  features  of  the  :nvestigator's  Commander  Inglefield  then  proceeds  to  give  a  narrative  of  the  principal  events  connected  with  the  expedition  of  the  Phoenix,  from  the  time  of  their  arrival  at  Disco.  In  this  statement  he  makes  mention  of  the  death  of  M.  Benet,  a  brave  and  enterprising  Frenchman,  who  seems  to  have  been  attracted  to  these  explorations  in  the.  Arctic  Regions  from  the  very  dangers  by  which  they  are  surrounded.  The  des despatch  patch despatch  proceeds  with  an  illustration  of  what  Arctic  Naviga Navigation  tion Navigation  is.  and  the  latter  part  is  chiefly  occupied  by  a  summary  of  news  from  the  searching  squadrons,  and  especially  of  the  discoveries  made  by  Captain  M'Clure  in  the  Investigator.  He  says  :  now,  Sir,  I  beg  to  narrate,  in  a  summary  manner,  the  intelligence  gleaned  from  the  searching  squadrons  ;  and,  first,  with  reference  to  Sir  Edward  Belcher,  I  have  little  else  to  say  but  that  he  had  wintered  in  a  spot  he  had  named  Northumberland  Sound,  in  lat.  76  62  N.,  and  lon.  97  W.,  near  the  position  now  marked  in  the  charts  of  Wellington  Channel  as  Cape  Sir  John  Franklin.  From  Captain  Pullen  I  learnt  that  not  the  slightest  traces  of  the  missing  expedition  had  been  met  with,  either  by  this  or  the  Western  branch  of  the  searching  squadron,  and  that  it  was  evidently  the  intention  of  Sir  Edward  Belcher  to  return  to  Beechey  Island  as  soon  as  possible.  For  the  rest,  Sir  Edward's  des despatches  patches despatches  will  convey  all  further  details.  Captain  .  'Cella  wintered  at  Dealy  Island,  Melville  Island;  he  had  a  narrow  escape  of  losing  his  ship  on  the  night  of  his  departure  from  Beechy  Island  ;  she  grounded  off  Cape  Colbourn,  and  was  only  got  off  after  the  ice  had  set  down  upon  her,  casting  her  over  on  her  broadside,  and  with  the  loss  of  sixty  feet  of  her  false  keel.  It  was  a  party  from  his  vessel  that  discovered  the  despatch  of  Captain  M'Clure  at  Winter  harbour,  and  was  thus  led  to  the  Investigator's  position,  a  brief  account  of  the  voyage  and  discoveries  of  which  I  will  now  relate.  When  at  Cape  Parry  open  water  to  the  northward  in induced  duced induced  Captain  M'Clure  to  push  for  Banks's  Land,  and  when  about  sixty  miles  from  this  cape  they  fell  in  with  an  unknown  coast,  which  was  named  Baring  Island.  Passing  up  a  strait  between  this  island  and  a  coast  that  was  called  Prince  Albert's  Land,  they  reached  the  latitude  of  73  deg.,  where  ice  impeded  their  further  progress.  The  season  suddenly  changing,  the  ship  was  beset  and  forced  to  winter  in  the  pack.  Drifting  to  the  southward,  they  were  ultimately  frozen  up  in  lat.  72  40  N.,  long.  117  30  W.  The  travelling  parties  in  the  spring  found  no  traces  of  the  missing  expedition,  but  discovered  and  laid  down  much  of  the  adjacent  coasts.  On  the  14th  of  July,  1851,  the  ice  broke  up,  and,  free freeing  ing freeing  the  ship,  an  endeavour  was  made  to  push  to  the  north northward  ward northward  towards  Melville  Island,  but  an  impenetrable  pack  in  lat.  75  35  N.,  long.  115  W.,  precluded  their  completing  what  their  autumn  travelling  parties  had  proved  to.  be  the  northwest  passage.  An  attempt  was  now  made  to  round  the  southern  shore  of  Baring  Island,  and  proceed  up  the  west  side,  and  with  great  peril  to  the  vessel  they  succeeded  in  reaching  as  far  as  lat.  74  6,  and  long.  117  12,  where  they  were  frozen  in  on  the  24th  of  September,  1851,  and  have  never  since  been  able  to  move  the  ship.  Their  record  was  deposited  at  Winter  Harbour  the  year  following  Com Commander  mander Commander  M'Clintock's  visit,  while  employed  on  Captain  Austin's  expedition.  There  are  two  remarkable  discoveries  mentioned  in  Captain  M'Clure's  Journal—viz.,  some  smoking  hillocks  and  a  petrified  The  following  are  a  few  extracts  from  the  proceedings  of  her  Brittanic  Majesty's  discovery-ship,  Investigator,  since  parting  company  with  the  Herald,  upon  the  30th  of  July,  1850,  off  Cape  jisbourne  Oct.  26.  Discovered  the  entrance  into  Barrow's  Strait,  in  lat.  73  30  N.,  long.  114  14  W.,  which  establishes  the  existeqce  of  a  north-west  passage.  16,  1851.—Finding  our  passage  into  Barrow's  Strait  obstructed  by  north-east  winds  setting  large  masses  of  ice  to  ,  the  southward,  which  had  drifted  the  ship  15  miles  in  that  direction  during  the  last  12  hours,  bore  up  to  run  to  the  southward  of  Baring  Island.  24.—At  daylight,  observing  Barrow's  Strait  full  of  ice,  and  large  masses  setting  into  this  bay,  determined  upon  making  this  our  winter  quarters,  and,  finding  a  well-sheltered  spot  upon  the  south  side  of  the  shoal  upon  which  we  last  night  grounded,  ran  in  and  anchored  in  four  fathoms,  lat.  74  6  N.,  long.  117  54  W.  This  night  were  frozen  in,  and  have  not  since  moved.  No  trace  whatever  has  been  met  with,  or  any  informa information  tion information  obtained  from  the  natives,  which  could  by  any  possibi possibility  lity possibility  lead  to  the  supposition  that  Sir  J.  Franklin's  expedition,  or  any  of  his  crews,  have  ever  reached  the  shores  we  have  visited  or  searched,  nor  have  we  been  more  fortunate  with  respect  to  the  Enterprise,  not  having  seen  her  since  parting  company  at  the  Straits  of  Magellan,  on  the  20th  of  April,  1850.  This  notice  was  deposited  by  a  travelling  party  in  April,  1852,  consisting  of  Captain  M'Clure,  Mr.  Court,  second  master;  John  Calder,  captain  of  the  forecastle;  Sergeant  Woon,  Royal  Marines;  George  Gibbs,  A.B.  •,  George  Bonn Bonnsall,  sall, Bonnsall,  A.B.  ;  John  Davies,  A.B.  ;  and  Peter  Thompson,  cap captain  tain captain  of  the  foretop.  Whoever  finds  this,  it  is  requested  it  may  be  forwarded  to  the  Secretary  of  the  Admiralty.  on  board  Her  Britannic  Majesty's  discovery  ship  Investigator,  frozen  in,  in  the  Bay  of  Mercy,  lat.  74  6  N.  lon.  117  54  1 STYLE=superscript  W..  April  12,  1852.  POBERT  M'CLURE,  Commander.  there  is  a  vessel  now  at  Melvile  . STYLE=superscript  Island,  it  is  not  my  intention  to  re-visit  it,  but  make  the  best  of  my  way  down  the  straits.  R.  M'CLTIRE.&#34;  The  Observer  of  yesterday,  has  the  following  remarks  on  this  long-looked  for  discovery  The  geographical  prob problem  lem problem  of  centuries  has  at  last  received  a  solution.  The  North-  West  Passage  has  been  discovered.  It  is  perhaps  well  for  humanity  that  the  vexed  question  has  been  at  last  set  at  rest,  for  such  is  the  nature  of  man  that  year  after  year  would  only  furnish  fresh  victims  to  science  in  pursuit  of  the  discovery  of  this  junction  between  the  Atlantic  and  Pacific  Oceans.  The  result  of  the  discovery,  however,  is  absolutely  nil;  beyond  its  value  as  a  geographical  fact  it  is  not  available  for  any  useful  purpose.  All  that  has  been  practically  proved  is  the  fruitless  fact  that  by  spending  some  years  in  the  ice,  and  by  incurring  a  most  frightful  risk,  almost  amounting  to  a  cer certainty  tainty certainty  of  death,  a  ship  may  be  able  to  force  her  passage  throiigh  the  narrow  inlets,.  choked  up  with  ice,  which  sepa separate'  rate' separate'  Behring's  from  Davis's  Straits.  Hundreds  of  lives  have  been  lost,  and  heaps  of  money  have  been  expended  in  establishing  this  fact.  azi  bono  ?  The  primary  object  of  the  expedition  to  which  this  discovery  is  owing,  has  not,  however,  been  achieved  ;  the  fate  of  Franklin  is  still  shrouded  in  as  much  mystery  as  ever  ;  and,  though  the  North-West  Passage  is  now  known  to  exist,  nothing  is  known  as  to  whether  he  survives  or  whether  he  and  his  com companions  panions companions  have  SHOCKING  ACCIDENT  AND  Loss  OF  LIFE  ON  THE  GREAT  WESTERN  RAILWAY.—On  Saturday  afternoon,  about  half-past  three  o'clock,  an  accident  of  a  frightful  character,  by  which  one  unfortunate  man  has  been  killed,  and  several  others  seriously,  if  not  fatally  injured,  took  place  near  the  London  terminus  of  the  Great  Western  Railway  at  Paddington.  A  new  engine  honse  is  in  the  course  of  erection  for  the  Great  Western  Railway  Company,  situate  at  Kensall  New  Town,  about  half  a  miio  down  the  line  from  the  terminus,  and  but  a  short  distance  from  the  ticket  platform;  and  on  Saturday  afternoon,  about  the  time  above-menrioned,  when  the  work workmen  men workmen  were  fully  employed  in  the  building,  a  massive  iron  girder,  from  some,  at  present,  unexplained  cause,  fell  to  the  ground  with  a  terrible  crash,  striking  and  crushing  the  men  in  its  course  to  the  ground.  The  greatest  consternation  prevailed,  and  the  poor  workmen  wore  lying  about  wounded  and  crushed  in  all  directions.  One  poor  fellow,  named  John  Draine,  was  found  immediately  under  a  portion  of  the  girder,  with  his  scalp  cut  completely  off,  his  thighs  broken,  and  otherwise  .  mutilated..  It  is  needless  to  say  that,  when  taken  up,  life  was  quite  extinct,  and  his  body  was  at  once  conveyed  to  the  dead-house  of  St.,  Mary,  Paddington,  in  the  Harrow  Road.  Those  sufferers  (eight  in  number)  found  still  alive  were  conveyed  with  _  the  least  possible  delay  to  St.  Mary's  Hospital,  where  they  received  every  attention  from  Mr.  Henry  Lawrence,  the  house  surgeon,  and  the  other  medical  officers  of  that  valuable  institution."
