text
"c;  •  ,  eousness  alone  .exalts  a  :  nation,.  And  the  history  of  `decayed  empires,  once  &amp;Med  for  their  .  civilisa civilisation  tion civilisation  and  greatness;  only  prove  how  fatal  it  is  to  suffer  public  virtue  to  expire  ;  kit  sedulously  to  guard  every  avenue  to  vice,  as  we  would  provide  agaipst  the  emergency  of  invading  foes.  We  have  been  led  into  this  train  of  thought  in  consequence  — STYLE=superscript  of  the  address  delivered  by  Mr.  i3aron  ALDERSON,  to  the  Grand  Jury,  at  the  ,open ,opening  ing ,opening  of  the  South  Lancashire  Assizes,  on  Tuesday  last.  That  address  is  most  important,  and  any-  - STYLE=superscript  thing  but  consolatory.  And  some  of  the  observa observations  tions observations  which  have  fallen  from  the  learned  BARON  deserve  the  most  careful  consideration.  The  crime  of  murder,  it  would  appear,  is  on  the  increase  in  this  county;  and  awful  to  relate,  one  case  is  that  of  the  destruction  of  two  little  children,  by  its  unnatural  and  viscious  parent,  for  the  pur  pose,  it  would  seem,  of  drawing  some  money  from  a  burial  club  !  Upon  this  -  occurrence  Baron  ALDERSON,  commented  at  some  length  ;  and  cer certainly  tainly certainly  his  observations  and  suggestions  not  only  merit,  but  imperatively  demand  the  highest  and  fullest  consideration  of  the  British  Legislature.  We  have  no  objection  to  Burial  Clubs  and  Friendly  Societies,  when  conducted  upon  proper  principles  and  based  upon  scientific  laws  ;  but  we  are  of  opinion  that  something  should  be  done  by  the  authorities  to  prevent  visciously-disposed  individuals  from  having  an  incentive  thereby  of  them  to  the  most  fearful  and  abominable  of  crimes.'  COUNTY  COURT  .  -YESTERDAY,  (Before  JoftlEpn  FoLLocx,  Esq.,  Judge.)  WlNTmtnorroni  v.  ELLis.  The  plaintiff,  for  whom  Mr.  appea'red,  is  of  the  firm  of  Winterbottom  &amp;  Co:,  bottle  manufacturers,'ls,  College-lane;  and  the  defendant  is  the  keeper  of  a  singing  house  in  Blundell-street,  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  £6  25.,  for  eighty  dozen  of  ginger  beer  bottles.  The  debt  WO.S  guaranteed  by  the  defendant's  brother  and  nephew,  but  they  refused  to  pay  the  money  un until  til until  the  defendant  was  first  sued  in  the  County  Court.  Ver— Verdict  dict Verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  LEWIS  v.  PARRY.—The  action  was  brought  to  recover  the  amount  of  £7  10s.  '  for  one  quarter's  rent.  Th  e  pl  a  i  n  tiff  i  s  a  hotel  keeper,  and  owner  of  some  property  at  Everton,  and  the  defendant  is  a  tailor.  From  the  - STYLE=superscript  evidence  and  statement  of  Mr.  Almond,  who  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  it  appeared  that  the  defendant  entered  into  possession  of  a  house  belong belonging  ing belonging  to  the  plaintiff,  at  Eyerton,  on  the  Ist  of  last  June,  and  that  he  left  it  in  July.  He  alleged  that  he  had  not  been  accepted  as  tenant,  and  that  he  had  merely  been  let  in  by  the  outgoing  tenant,  until  such  time  as  his  offer  had  been  accepted.  He  accordingly  contended  that  he  was  not  liable  for  the  rent.  Verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  LICENSED  VICTUALLERS'  ANNUAL  CHARITY  BALL,  Under  the  Patronage  of  HIS  WORSHIP  THE  MAYOR,  TOWN-HALL,  WEDNESDAY,  the  11th  JAYUARY  next,  1854.  No  additional  cholera  cases  in  Liverpool  were  reported  up  to  a  late  hour  last  evening.  COLLEGIATE  INSTITUTION.—We  perceive  that  Dr.  M'Neile  is  to  lecture  in  this  institution  on  Friday  next,  on  Jews  and  topic  which  that  eminent  divine  can  handle  with  a  power  which  will  ensure  a  crowded  auditory.  MARTLEBONE  POOR-LAW  GUAILDIANS.—At  an  inquest  held  on  Monday,  in  Marylebone,  upon  the  body  of  a  child  which  had  died  for  want  of  nutriment,  and  whose  parents  had  been  several  times  refused  relief,  a  verdict  was  returned  condemning  the  conduct  of  the  directors  of  the  poor  and  their  overseer.  FEENEY'S  DINING  Rooms.—Perhaps  one  of  the  most  splendid  dining  establishments  in  Europe  is  now  open  for  view  in  Castle-street.  Business  will  be  commenced  there  on  Monday  next,  and  ,the  merchants  of  the  first  comm  erc  i  a  l  post  in  the  world  may  then  enjoy  a  dinner  in  an  establish establishment  ment establishment  fitted  up  in  a  style  of  princely  magnificence,  hitherto  unequalled  in  this  part  of  the  kingdom;  ECCLESIASTICAL  INTELLIGENCE.—The  lord  bishop  of  Manchester  has  licensed  Rev.  William  Whyatt,  M.A.,  to  the  curacy  of  St.  Martins,  Cheetham  Hill,  the  Rev.  Robert  Fisher,  M.A.,  to  the  curacy  of  Shaw,  near  Oldham,  and  the  Rev.  Hugh  Weightman,  M.A.,  to  the  curacy  of  Emmanuel  church,  Bolton.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  MANCHESTER,  SHEFFIELD,  LINCOLN LINCOLNSHIRE  SHIRE LINCOLNSHIRE  EXTRAORDINARY  MEETING.  OF  SHARE SHAREEOLD:ER  EOLD:ER SHAREEOLD:ER  S_A  T  MANCH  ESTE  R.—YESTERDAY.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  Yesterday  afternoon  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  tie  proprietors  of  the  Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln Lincolnmire  mire Lincolnmire  railway,  was  held  at  the  Corn  Exchange;  to  receive  tie  report  of  the  committee  of  consultation,  appointed  by  tie  shareholders  at  the  adjourned  haX-yearly  meeting  of  the  ompany,  held  on  the  Bth  of  June  last.  There  was  a  nu nunerous  nerous nunerous  attendance  of  shareholders,  and  the  chair  was  occu-  Tied  by  `he,.  Right  Honourable  tha  Earl  of  YARBOROUGH,  chairman  of  the  company.  The  SECRETARY  having  read  the  advertisement  by  which  she  meeting  was  convened,  The  noble  CHAIRMAN  said,  it  would  be  in  the  recollec recollection  tion recollection  of  the  shareholders  that  when  the  committee  of  con consiltation  siltation consiltation  was  appointed,  a  wish  was  ex,preised  that  the  shareholders  should  have  sufficient  time  to  consider  it  before  ioming  to  any  decision  respecting  it,  and  an  intimation  was  riven  that  three  weeks  would  be  long  enough  for  the  purpose.  Chat  time  having  elapsed  since  the  report  was  sent  to  the  )roprietors,  it  was  for  the  meeting  to  decide  whether  the  •eport  of  the  committee  should  be  read  in  extenso.  There  was  a  general  expression  of  feeling  that  the  report  Ihould  be  read.  SOUTH  WESTERN  RAILWAY—ADJOURNED  MEETING',  YESTERDAY.  •  The  adjourned  meeting  of  `the  shareholders  in  this  com company  pany company  took  place  yesterday,  shortly,  after  12  o'clock,  at  Hawkstone  Hall,  Waterloo-road.  The  meeting  was  very  thin.  Outhe  motion  of  Mr.  PUNCHER,  seconded  by  Mr.  AUSTIN.  Mr.  Sergeant  Gaselee  was  called  to  the  chair.  Mr.  Sergeant  GASELEE  (who  was  alone  on  the  platform)  stated  that  he  had  obtained  the  opinion  of  Sir  Fitzroy  Kelly  and  other  eminent  counstl,  to  the  effect  that  the  ad adjournment  journment adjournment  of  the  former  meeting,  on  the  dictation  of  Mr.  Scott,  was  illegal,  and  it  was  on  that  account  that  the  pre present  sent present  meeting  had  been  called.  A  division  had  taken  place  in  the  direction,  and  five  of  the  directors  had  retired,  but  although  he  agreed  with  the  policy,  he  had  not  re resigned.  signed. resigned.  In  the  selection  of  your  new  directors  you  have  to  take  care  that  proper  persons  representing  the  proprietory  should  be  appointed.  They  had  obtained  two  great  vic victories  tories victories  against  the  extension  principle,  and  it  was  for  them  to  say  whether  that  victory  was  to  be  fruitful  or  unfruitful.  The  learned  gentleman  'then  entered  very  fully  into  the  question  , STYLE=superscript  of  the  extension  of  these  lines,  upon  which  previous  speakers  at  former  meetings  spoke  very  fully,  and  were  re reported  ported reported  very  fully.  Mr.  ASHMORE  wished  to  know  how  the  officers  of  the  company  voted.  Mr.  sergeant  GASELEE  :  The  engineers  gave  95  votes  against,  and  in  all,  the  officers  gave  180  votes  against  you.  The  motion  for  the  dissolution  of  the  meeting  was  then  agreed  to,  and  Mr.  Snell  was  appointed  to  the  chair.  The  meeting  being  constituted  into  a  meeting  of  the  shareholders  of  the  South  Western  railway,  A  resolution  to  support  proper  candidates  for  directors  was  then  put  and  carried,  and  the  meeting  adjourned.  PENINSULAR  AND  ORIENTAL  STEAM  COMPANY.  The  annual  meeting  of  this  company  was  held  yesterday,  when  a  dividend  at  the  rate  of  6  per  cent.  per  annum  was  declared,  and  the  report  and  accounts  adopted.  From  the  report  it  appears  that  they  claim  to  have  saved  the  public  by  their  8  years'  contract  £621,200  comparing  the  cost  of  working  now  with  the  period  at  which  the  contract  was  made.  The  double  performance  of  the  trunk  communication  between  Calcutta  and  Southampton  caused  a  necessity  for  extra  coals  to  111,000  tons.  The  cost  of  fixing  the  com comcompany's  company's comcompany's  staffs  at  the.  various  stations  was  £100,009,  and  of  maintaining  it  £70,000  tons.  The  whole  fleet  of  the  company  has  65,185  tons  tonnage,  and  15,610  horse-power.  No  casualties  of  importance  having  happened  to  the  com company's  pany's company's  fleet  durinc  , STYLE=superscript  the  period  embraced  in  this  report,  the  directors  consider  that  a  payment  out  of  the  premium  charged,  of  £1  per  old  share,  and  10s.  per  new  share,  may  be  made  to  the  proprietors  early  in  the  ensuing  year,  as  on  former  occasions.  COURT  OF  QUEEN'S  BENCH.-YESTERDAY.  DODDEMEADE  v.  LADY  FANE.—This  was  an  action  for  defamation,  the  noble  defendant  having  accused  the  plaintiff,  also  'a  lady,  of  stealing  jewellery.  —Damages,  £2OO,  by  con consent.  sent. consent.  HAKEIVELL  v.  THE  .MOILNING  ADVERTISER.  -  The  Times  newspaper  lately  published  a  police  report,  from  which  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  the  plaintiff  had  ill-treated  his  wife  ,  and  five  days  afterwards  a  gentleman  connected  with  the  Advertiser,  com commented  mented commented  unfavourably  upon  the  conduct  of  the  plaintiff  as  described  in  the  report.  Subsequently,  however,  the  editor  of  the  paper  discovered  that  there•was  nothing  which  reflected  on  the  plaintiff,  and  that  he  had  been  a  kind  and  affectionate  hus husband,  band, husband,  but  that  the  wife  had  been  labouring  under  delusions.  Under  these  circumstances,  Sir  F.  Thesiger  apologised,  which  was  accepted,  and  a  verdict  for  405.,  with  costs,  re returned:  turned: returned:  ST.  PIM:S.—The  thoroughfare  through  St.  Paul's  Church Churchyard  yard Churchyard  isagajn  . STYLE=superscript  closed.  _"
