text
"COUNTY  CO  URT.—YESTERDAY.  The  court  sat  at  ten  o'clock.  WILKINSON  V.  GATES.  —WITNESSES'  EXPENSES.—The  plaintiff  in  this  case  sought  to  recover  7s.  6d.  a  day  for  six  days,  during  which  he  attended  upon  a  subpoena  in  St.  George's  Hall,  in  a  case  of  Batts  v.  Gates,  recently  tried.  Mr.  RYMER  appeared  for  the  defence,  and  said  he  should  have  made  no  objection  to  the  demand,  but  that  the  plaintiff  had  got  in  his  possession  some  property  belonging  to  the  de defendant.  fendant. defendant.  He  should  therefore  oppose  the  claim,  on  the  ground  that  the  plaintiff  being  resident  in  Liverpool,  was  not  entitled  by  law  to  recover  his  expenses  under  a  subpoena.  His  HONOR  :  He  cannot  recover  his  expenses  ?  Mr.  RYMER  :  Not  when  residing  within  the  town.  His  Herron  :  Just  show  me  that.  Mr.  RYMER  :  A  witness  residing  in  town  can  have  no  expenses.  His  HoNon  •  That  is  what  I  want  to  know.  Mr.  RYMER  :  All  the  authorities  go  to  that  extent.  His  HONOR  :  But  why  ?  Suppose  a  man  is  kept  out  of  his  house,  and  gets  his  dinner  in  town.  Mr.  RYMER  :  Even  so,  he  is  not  entitled  to  recover  any  expenses.  His  HONOR  :  Yes,  he  is  entitled  to  recover  expenses,  but  not  for  loss  of  time.  lam  quite  clear  in  my  own  mind  about  it.  The  law  is  this,  whether  living  in  or  out  of  the  town  a  man  is  entitled,  wherever  he  is,  to  any  expense  resulting  from  his  attendance  as  a  witness,  but  nothing  for  loss  of  time.  The  law  imposes  upon  him  the  duty  of  attending  in  accordance  with  the  subpoena,  and  accordingly  he  is  not  to  be  raid  for  loss  of  time,  but  he  is  to  be  paid  for  any  expense  he  incurs  in  his  absence  from  home—such  as  the  exp  ense  of  going  and  coming  back.  Of  course  if  he  lives  close  by;  there  is  no  expense—and  if  he  is  obliged  to  expend  any  money  because  of  his  being  away  from  home,  that  expense  is  allowed.  You  will  find  there  is  a  case  where  a  man  got  his  expenses  for  nine  weeks.  Mr.  RYMER  :  Yes,  I  am  quite  aware  of  that  case  ;  but  I  think  he  recovered  for  being  detained.  His  ,HONOR  :  He  received  the  expenses  for  attending,  being  made  to  come  there  and  kept  there.  #i  know  of  no  case  where  a  man  is  not  to  be  paid  his  expenses.  Are  you  prepared  to  contend  that  if  he  is  served  with  a  subpoena,  without  any  sum  of  money  whatever,  he  is  bound  to  attend  Mr.  ItymEh  :  Yes,  sir,  certainly.  There  can  be  no  doubt  about  it.  It  is  a  duty  incumbent  upon  any  man  to  attend  upon  a  subpoena;  and  what  I  say  is  this,  if  a  man  is  close  by,  living  in  the  town  itself,  he  has  no  expenses  whatevea  His  HONOR  :  He  may  have.  Mr.  RYMER  :  What  expenses  can  he  possibly  have  ?  His  HONOR  :  He  may  require  to  eat.  Mr.  RYMER  :  He  can  eat  at  home.  PLAINTIFF  :  I  could  not  go  home.  His  HONOR;  He  might  not  be  able  to  go  home.  You  only  speak  of  expenses  for  loss  of  time.  Now,  for  loss  of  time,  he  is  not  entitled  to  recover  a  single  penny.  Mr.  RYMER  :  In  all  the  cases  I  have  read,  the  parties  must  have  had  the  very  same  expenses  as  this  man,  and  yet  they  were  disallowed.  His  HONOR:  It  has  been  expressly  decided  that  loss  of  time  differs  from  expenses.  lam  by  no  means  prepared  to  say,  that  if  you  bring  a  man  from  the  farther  end  of  Tox Toxteth-park  teth-park Toxteth-park  down  to  St.  George's  Hall,  you  are  not  to  allow  him  meat  and  drink  while  he  is  detained  in  town.  You  will  not  allow  him  to  go  such  a  distance  back  to  his  home  to  get  them.  Mr.  RYMER  cited  a  case  in  which  a  party  residing  in  Spital-square,  city,  was  obliged  to  attend  the  courts  in  West Westminster,  minster, Westminster,  and  was  disallowed  any  expenses  of  any  kind.  In  answer  to  his  HONOR,  the  plaintiff  stated  that  he  lived  in  Simpson-street,  St.  James's-street,  and  that  he  remained  in  court  during  the  whole  of  the  six  days,  without  being  able  to  go  home.  He  also  stated  that  he  had  to  pay  a  person  for  doing  his  work  in  his  absence.  His  HONOR  That  you  cannot  recover.  My  view  of  the  law  is  quite  clear  that  a  man  is  entitled  to  his  expenses,  but  nothing  for  loss  of  time.  lam  of  opinion  that  a  man  can cannot  not cannot  refuse  attendance  even  if  offered  no  expenses;  but  after  he  has  attended  I  do  not  know  that  there  is  any  case  to  say  that  he  is  not  entitled  to  look  for  any  expenses,  which  he  may  have  incurred.  Mr.  Exam:.  said  the  case  which  he  had  cited  seemed  to  come  the  nearest  to  the  question.  His  HoNou.  :  I  will  look  over  the  case  you  speak  of  between  this  and  Monday,  and  if  it  goes  as  far  as  von  contend,  then  this  man  will  be  entitled  to  nothing.  fiis  Honor,  in  the  meantime  gave  a  verdict  for  £l.  CAUPIN  v.  Smrra.—A  foreign  gentleman,  wearing  a  black  moustache,  and  bearing  the  name  of  Julien  Caupin,  sought  to  recover  ls.  from  Mr.  J.  H.  Smith,  of  Lord-street,  clothier,  which  amount  he  stated  the  defendant  agreed  to  give  him  for  teaching  his  son  a  new  and  valuable  system  of  cutting.  Mr  SMITH  stated  that  the  plaintiff,  who  was  a  perfect  stranger  to  him,  came  into  his  shop  and  told  him  he  possessed  a  valuable  system  of  cutting  which  he  would  teach  him.  After  some  objection  and  refusal,  defendant  agreed  to  give  him  a  guinea  provided  he  fulfilled  the  undertaking  which  hP  offered  to  teach  defendant's  son,  a  youth  of  seventeen,  in  one  lesson,  to  cut  ouL,  a  pair  of  trnwserS  for  any  man  in  Liverpool.  He  said  he  would  make  it  so  clear  that  the  boy  should  be  a  perfect  master  of  the  system  in  five  minutes.  The  plaintiff  then  cut  out  a  paper  pattern  which  Mr.  Smith  stated  the  most  experienced  cutter  could  not  understand,  much  less  a  boy  of  seventeen.  Mr.  Smith  here  produced  the  pattern,  which  he  held  up  for  the  inspection  of  the  court.  His  HoNou  :  Well,  is  your  son  perfect  in  the  system  ?  DEFENDANT:  He  is  not  perfect,  and  he  cannot  cut  a  pair  of  trowzers  for  any  man  in  Liverpool,  which  was  the  agree agreement.  ment. agreement.  His  HONOR;  Are  you  willing  to  pay  the  man's  expenses  in  coming  here  for  the  benefit  you  have  received  from  the  lesson  ?  DEFENDANT  :  No,  sir,  not  a  farthing.  There  was  no  value  in  it.  I  look  upon  him  as  an  imposter  wandering  about  from  shop  to  shop,  and  it  was  for  that  reason  I  came  here.  His  Herron  said  the  only  doubt  he  had  was  as  to  the  nature  of  the  agreement,  whether  it  was  merely  to  give  a  lesson  in  a  particular  system  for  a  guinea,  as  to  accomplish  a  certain  result,  as  was  stated  by  the  defendant.  As  such  a  doubt  existed,  the  plaintiff  had  failed  to  make  out  his  case,  and  he  should  therefore  give  a  ,verdict  for  the  defendant."
