text
"I  ,  peace,  and  h  e  also  'declared  that  theY  h  a  d  b  een  made  with  the  hill  knowledge  and  consent  of  Austria.  It  if  3  fOreseen  ,tbat  the  third  of  the  five  conditions  a  tremendous  storm  sl  St.  Petersburg,  as  J  deprives  Russia  of  a  great  part,  of  the  ges  which  she  obtained  by  the  treaty  of  tronfatded,  , STYLE=superscript  at  - STYLE=superscript  Bucharest  in  the  year  1812  article  of  the  treaty  of  Bucharest,  ceded  to  Russia'  about  one-third  Of  -ludina  the'  foitiesses  of  Chotym,  ill  lead  to  le  .fact  is  'now  'come  upOn  us  in  reality,  and  we  have  h  for  the  laSt  few  days  some  very  cold  'weathei— 'weatheithe  the 'weatheithe  night  of  the  18th  the  thermometer  to  eight  degrees  below  zero  in  the  camp  of  Engineers,gourth,  Division.  This  .was  „registering  thermometer.  *  only-three  degrees  above  zero;,  ab.  !be  expected,'  a  great  number  la  of..men  ore  or  f  rost  -b  itten.,  great  deal  from  cold.  Th.o  Other  nig.—  soldiers'  went  into  one  of  on!:  'tmardroonis  in  topoL'and  asked  for  some  c-orree,  arid  to  to  warm  themselveri  by  the'  fire,  O.  them  .soine  coffee  'and  b STYLE=superscript  isc4it,  by  the  fi  re  ;  O  ne  of  them  took  no  stockings)  -  were  frost);  stagge  r  the.  and  all  Via;  ,and  this  must  now  be  returned  At  ten  a.m.  on  the  1  ,o  obtain(  By  the  treaty  in  qu  t4e  whole  of  the  proi;  The  me  rhe  Fi  and  gettir,g  .W;ea3l,:gt  CO STYLE=superscript  .  - STYLE=superscript  pstantinopli  clothed  and  arc  spirits.  Now  uead  to  th  lle  w  and,  a  dangerot__  .  almoSteert,  snowball;  ninth  N  a  blessing  that.tl  +longer  frotn  now.  this  winter  and  lr  -  •  I  Was  t  Mlle  CA  teems  hapky  ,  1;4§4,  4musements  4.  night,  thar.24.:lsAS,,m.,  Cider  Cellar,'  , STYLE=superscript  into  the:  -restaura  bivision,  composed  of  'Officers  meet  at  half-past  %and  have  tl,rien  sing  till  12,  When  the  National  Anthew  ._  it  chorus,  and  the  separates.  The  officers  't.ftf'the  'Fourth  Division  have  - STYLE=superscript  also  got  up  - STYLE=superscript  some  theatricals,..which  they.  are  :going  to  act  in  thnre thnre-okaurint.  -okaurint. thnre-okaurint.  They  are  to  perform  twice,  lam  told,  for  16  men  —that  is,  for-10  or  ,12  Men  chosen  from  ieath  regiment,  and  twice  for  the  officers  of  the  division,'  once  for  each  brigade.  I  hear  the  first  piece  is  Bar  and  Cox,  - STYLE=superscript  Married  and  Settled.  These  toust  be  the  first  theatricals  ever  performed  on  Crimean  eoil;  as  I  don't  think  the  Tartars  indulge  much  in  that  style.  The  Crimea  is  subject  to  new  innovations  every  day.  There  is  now  a  real  bona  de  yellow  omnibus  in  K  am  i  esch.  If  are  here  :initeh  longer  we  may  expect  to  be  carried  from  ~  C STYLE=superscript  ato,  to  camp  in  ,liar4onsis:  There  are  one  or  two  ,dogc  e  arts  here  already.  We  have  a  h  unt  h  ere  .  also  ',quarters  P  &#34;11.'.Q.-P.&#34;  hunt,  w  hi  c  h  means  the  ITead-  aper  Runt.  '  This  is  Carried  on  . STYLE=superscript  in  th'',the:  .  following  manner  :—The  fox,'  whieb....iS  in  iAllunt  a  well-mounted  man,  has  a  quarter  of  an  ,  our  s,law,:and  goes  off  .with  his  pocket  full  of  VitCoB  of  paper,  one  of  which  he.  drops  at  intervals;  At  the  end  of  his  quarter  of  an  hour  the  field,  i STYLE=superscript  wftieh  has  consisted'  on  the  two  or  three  -  meets  itliiCh  have  taken  place  of  nearly  a  hundred  ,  o  alter  him,  a  littl  e  scattered,  all  looking  eagerly  off STYLE=superscript  the  grou  n  d  f  or  pieces  of  pa  on STYLE=superscript  fast  ,  per.  Thace  is  ver  fast,  and  consequently STYLE=superscript  the  field  tails  co  p STYLE=superscript  nsiderably  y STYLE=superscript  '4fter'S,  few  'minutes.  There  were  a  great  ;  many  Inen  (nit  last  time  who  had  evidently  hunted  in  a  :rer'S,  different  country,.  and  among  them  W.,  Eyre,  who  wa  s  mounted.  on  a  very  fine  ho  Sir  rse,  and  cept:  well  ah  ea  d  .  There  have  been  some  v  ery  severe  gales  lately  in.  the  Black  Sea.  One  t  I STYLE=superscript  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  fieshels  ha  ve  b  een  lately  lost  near  Kamiesch.  or STYLE=superscript  O  wo STYLE=superscript  One  ?nail,  also,  hits  never  turned  up.  yet,  and  las  b  een  h  eard  of  it  since  the  steamer  nothing STYLE=superscript  left  `Constantinople.  It  is  the  one  due  on  .  the  13th.  There  are  numbers  of  shaves  flying  abereoutthe  camp.  Me  n  have  nothing  else  to  d  o  ,  a  nd  thkre  make  to  amuse  themselves  and  their  neighbqurs.  One  of  them.  is;  that'  a  night  or  iwo  ago  a  Russian  outlying  pie'  symposiui  or  , STYLE=superscript  sort  of  t  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  Fourth  kind  (  Consisting  of  120  men,  posted.somewhere  along  the  Tchernaya  (where,  the  `!  shave  did  not  say)  came,  over  the  river,  and  gave  themselves:Up  to  the  French,  LIS  they  said  they  were  half  strayed,  and  suffered  such  hardships  that  they  would  rather  become  prisoners  than  remain  where  they  were.  The  Windy.weather  :has  been  fatal  to  the  hopes  -of  'many  out  here  with  regar.d,c,to  the  home-Wade  plum  puddings,  that  .were  coming  o  ut  for  Christrnas•day.  The  ° STYLE=superscript  Parcel  s soffice  office soffice  in  Balaklava  is  crammed  every  day  with  men  eargerlY  askiiig  if  various  vessels  are  in,  and  who  generally  .  - STYLE=superscript  toaway  disappointed.  Most  people  will  have  to  be'  satisfied-  with  a  Crimean  plum-  Pudding  for  Christmas-day.  The  turl  , STYLE=superscript  --  geese  to  be  met  coming  from  B  s  numerous  as  they  used  to  1  ceinpe  are  ahnos_.__  in  the  old  conching  des  Suffolk  ana  Norfolk.  difference  in  the  size  01  which  was  due  yesterda  Times  Carr00.•14,1.7......  Ad  vice  'frc  announce  that  had  arrived'  from  Constantinople,  which  sue  i.  the  23rd.  Sir.  Edlnund  Lyons,  .admiral-in-G,  of  the  English.,l3laek  Sea  , STYLE=superscript  squadrOn,  and  Goner,.  La  Marmora,  Commander-in-Chief  of  the  Sardinian  - STYLE=superscript  ditinTpaSsengers  in  that  vessel,  and  took  their  departure  for  Paris  the,nex,t  morning.  Tlie  Oaradoe  will,.no  doubt,  await  the  return‘  of  those.  two  personages  to  convey  them  to  Malta,  whence  they  will  proceed  to  the  Crimea,  on  board  the  Royal  Albert.  The  Consuls  of  England  and  -Sar -Sardinia STYLE=superscript  dinia -Sardinia  accompanied  Sir  Edmund  Lyons  and  General  lAlNarnaora  to  the  railway  station.  •  .  le  British  n  ISOIITHEiIisI  DAILY  TIMES,LIVERPOOLrFitiDAY  I  JANUAnY  186  d.  :WILL/ASEY  LOCAL  BOARD  OF  REALM  0  LaseeveninF  the  usual  monthly  meeting  of  this  board  was  held  it  'the  Public-othces,  riamllton  . STYLE=superscript  -aquare.  The  president,  Mr.POoley,  in  the  chair.  The'  other  sioriers  present,  Were,  'Messrs.  flrill,  FisbwiCk,  tieville,  Came,  J.  Wilson,  E.  W.  Coulborn,  W.  R.  Coulborn,  Ball.  and  Littiedale.  THE  LIVERPOOL  UNITED  LEGAL  OR  •`SRUYAL  OAK  BURIAL  -~=~---  The  minutes  of  the  last  monthly  meeting  Were  read  ond'ciitifinned,  as  were  also  those  of  a  special  meeting,  held  on  the  14th  ultimo.  •  '  VO4KS  AND  HEALTH  CWMIViITT.EI  ngs  of  this  committed  , STYLE=superscript  were•  read-  by'  tlid  k;  but  contained  no  triittel  - STYLE=superscript  nf  public  interest;  g  merely  on  matters  of  rot*tine,  relative  to  the  sewerage  orseveral  localities  in  the  township:  _Qn  the  motion  of  Mr.  Came,  seconded  by  Mr.  W.  R..  he  recommer  THE  LATE  FRACAS  On  the.29th  ult  4  there  appeared  a  potice  in  our  paper  of  a  meeting  of  abet  . STYLE=superscript  °  o'cieiy,  held  at  I3evington  Bush.  Our  reporter;  on  that  vecaMoti,  made  hh  escape,  (with  Several.  othet  .gentlemen.  connected  with  the  press),  totlnti,  ately  with  whole  bon(  for,  from  the  following  facts,  s  , STYLE=superscript  hictrti•azispired  at  the  police  co'  Curran  ~►trs'~erc  '~c  , STYLE=superscript  nfofithe  body,  for  EVENING  EDITION.  NonTllm  TIMES  OFFICE  Friday,  3  p.m  TEE  WAR.  Government  has  made  satisfactory  explanations  to  the  Forte7resPecting  the  seizure  of  Colonel  Tarr  on  . STYLE=superscript  Otto.  trian:territor  i  Other  ac  poputaiify  erf  Orr  stantinople  say  that  t  ha  has  been  . STYLE=superscript  11  diminished"
