text
"NEW  ORLEANS,  MONDAY,  OCT.  10  Fifteen  hundred  bales  of  cotton  were  sold  to-day..  The  market  is  heavy  and  lower.  We  quote  middling  at  94c.  The  receipts  were  4,000  bales.  Mess  pork,  $l6  - STYLE=superscript  to  $l6  50c.  Rio  coffee  is  dull  at  10c.  to  lle.  Frights  are  dull  ;  for  Liverpool  they  are  asking  three  farthings.  HAVAISTNAH,  -FRIDAY,  SEPT.  30,  1853.  Our  last  printed  report  was  dated  13th  inst.,  since  when  a  fair  amount  of  business  has  been  (Loa.,  ;vi  -ch  would,  no  doubt,,  have  been  of  a  larger  extent,  but  for  th  scarcity  of  vessels.  •  SUGARL—Have  continued  to  be  in  demand  for  Cucuru Cucuruchos,  chos, Cucuruchos,  browns  and  yellows,  with  advance  in  price  of  1  rl.  fpr  parcels  less  damp  than  those  which  are  now-a-days  offered  for  sale.  Whites  are  neglected.  The  supplies  from  theinterior  are  small,  and  being  exceeded  by  the  ex exports,  ports, exports,  our  stock  will  be  gradually  reduced  ;  it  is  estimated  to  be  at  present  in  the  City  and  the  Regla  warehouses  about'  170,000  against  100,000  boxes  in  1852,  same  period.  We  continue  our  last  quotations  excepting  for  Muscovados  :  Whites  rs.  61  to  91  Browns  rs.  51  to  51  Florete  yellows  7  to  74  Cuenrnehos  4l  to  51  Good  to  prime  do  ...6  to  6/  Muscovados  41  to  51  MOLASSES  has  been  sold  at  2  rls.,  21  and  21  rls  per  keg,  and  is  at  present  held  at  the  latter  price.  The  quantity  left  for  shipment  is  small.  RUM  is  selling  at  our  last  quotations,  say  $25  for  coloured  and  $2B  per  pipe  for  white.  Cleared  149  pipes  for  Ham Hamburg,  burg, Hamburg,  and.  105  do.  for  New  York,  in  all  254  pipes.  COFFEE  :  —The  small  stock  of  good  seconds,  which  was  in  town  at  the  close  of  our  last  report,  :was  soon  after  bought  $9l  to  $9/  qtl.  What  remains  consists  of  Triage,  which  is  selling  as  high  as  $9l  per  qtl.  Cia.s.us  are  - STYLE=superscript  of  ready  sale  for  .  all  classes.  Cleared  51  mile  for  Amsterdam,  99  do.  for  Vera  Cruz,  162  do.  for  Spain,  714  do.  for  Bremen,  829  do.  for  Hamburg,  and  2,668  do.  for  the  United  States,  in  all  4,523  mille.  TOBACCO  has  hardly  undergone  any  change.  Cleared  7,379  pds.  for  Bremen,  33,858  pds.  for  Antwerp,  41,570  do.  for  the  United  States,  42,900  do.  for  Spain,  50,000  do.  for  Prance,  and  63,313  pds.  for  .Amsterdam,  in  all  240,000  pounds.  EXCHANGE.  —The  operations  in  bills  have  been  moderato  at  declining  rates.  London  is  worth  10  per  cent.  prem.  ;  Paris  24-  - STYLE=superscript  per  cent.  disc.  ;  New  York  and  Boston,  11  to  21  per  cent:  discount.  FREIGHTS.—To  Liverpool,  about  2,000  bbls.  flour  engaged  at  3s.  3d.  to  3s.  6d.,  and  about  2,500  to  3000,  bbls  Resin  at  4s.  to  4s.  3d.,  and  about  20,000  bushels  wheat  on  private  terms,  but  mostly  at  12€1.  to  13d.,  in  bulk  and  bags.  To  London,  1,000  bbls.  flour  were  reported  at  45.,  and  300  do.  were  engaged  at  .4s.  9d.,  and  .1,50  Q  boxes  cheese  at  50s.  Grain  was  at  15d.  To  Havre,  20,000  bushels  wheat  werc.  reported  at  224  c.  to  23c.,  and  with  some  flour  at  80e.  to  82,  To  California,  clippers  advanced  in  loading  were  getting  from  60c.  to  65e.  per  foot  measurement.  ALBANY.—MONDAY,  Oar.  10.  The  receipts  here,  during  the  past  48  hours,  have  been  :  flour,  16,000  bbls.  ;  wheat,  63,000  ,bushels  ;  corn,  69,000  bushels  ;  oats,  39,000  bushels  ;  barley,  52,000  bushels.  .The  sales  of  flour  ,  have  been  21,000  bbls.,  !  at  $6  75  to  $6  87  for  .  state,  and  $6  87  to  $7  for  western.  Wheat  firm,  with  a  good  .milling  inquiry;  6,000  bushels  sold  at  $1  56  to  $1  58  for  Genesee.  Corn  is  not  so  active,  but  prices  aro  unchanged.  Barley,  30,000  bushels  sold  at  78c.  to  80c.  for  two-rowed,  and  85c.  to  87ic.  for  four-rowed.  Oats  are  doing  better.  Sales  at  48,4  c.  to  49ic..  KINGSTON,  (JAMAICA,)-SEPT.  24,  1853.  OUr  market  has  been  very  inadequately  supplied  during  the  fortnight,  with  dry  and  pickled  fish,  and,  in  conse consequence,  quence, consequence,  a  very  small  amount  of  business  has  been  done— donethe  the donethe  inquiry  running  principally  on  those  articles.  The  great  abundance  of  native  ground  provisions  rendered  the  market  more  than  usually  heavy  for  bread-stuffs,  and  until  THi  t STYLE=superscript  ifikl  (sQCon'ttl;''ralWe'L'  the  - STYLE=superscript  advance  Of  prices  there  to  $6,  gave  rise  to  some  speculative  feeling,  and  upwards  of  4,000  barrels,  chiefly  of  new  wheat,  changed  hands.  B,um.—Proof  18,  for  home  consumption,  has  been  taker  at  3s.  3d.  to  3s.  6d.  per  gallon,  and  for,  export  at  2s.  6d.  t:  2s.  9d.  There  is  very  little  of  the  latter  not  offering.  SIG  An  may  be  quoted  at  15s.  to  18s.  for  dark  to  fair.  There  is  a  larger  quantity  on  offer  than  usual,  owing  to  the  want  of  tonnage.  Exchange  oil'  New  York.—Bills  On  New  'Ail,  drawn  by  Panama  Railroad,  Company,  at  one  day's  sight,  have  been  sold  to  the  extent  of  £BOO  to  £l,OOO,  at  3  per  cent  premium.  AUSTRALIA.  SIXTEEN  DAYS  LATER  NEWS.  The  Australian  packet-ship  Eagle,  arrived  here  on  Saturday  afternoon,  from  Melbourne,  with  ttd  vices  to  the  28th  of  July,  being  sixteen  days  later  than  those  published  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  on  Saturday  week.  The  E,Agle  has  brought  home  64,000  ounces  of  gold,  valued:  at  about  £250,000  sterling,  and  156  passengers.  We  learn  there  were  no  deaths  on  board,  among  the  passengers  during  the  voyage,  and  that  they,all  came  home  delighted  and  speak  in  the  highest  terms  of  praise,  of  the  attention  to  their  comfort  which  was  throughout  manifested  by  the  Captain.  For  .three  weeks  before  entering  the  Channel,  the  Eagle  had  to  contend  with  .severe  easterly  winds.  The  steamer  Cleopatra  was  to  sail  for  England  in  a  day  or  two,  and  the  Argo,  for  Southampton,  on  the  14th  of  August.  The  most  unfavourable  accounts  are  given  of  the  sanitary  condition  of  Melbourne.  The  Argu3  says  that  Melbourne.  is  just  simply  a  tho thoroughly  roughly thoroughly  beastly  place,  no  man  acquainted  with  any  other  part  of  the  world  will  at  the  present  moment  venture  to  deny.  Its  stinking  alleys,  its  unfathom.  able  mud,  its  undraiued  horrors,  its  decomposing  dogs,  and  its  dense  dark  condition,  its  utter  desti destitution  tution destitution  of  every  requisite  to  make  human  life  en endurable  durable endurable  in  a  city,  is  demonstrated  to,  you,  whether  you,  go  shopping  in  the  day,  or  work  your  cdurse  of  an  evening  by  a  series  of  gymnastic  exercises,  to  the  &amp;ening  concert  at  the  Mechanics'  InStittite.  Such,  to  our  own  certain  knowledge,  has'  been  the  effect  of  this  state  of  things  upon  some  hew  arrivals  from  London  and  Sydney,  that  they  have  taken  flight  from  us  after  a  few  hours'  taste  of  the  place.  rorow.  acxya,  fs  of  Coal,  the  fact  of  the  existence  of  the  coal,  we  may  speak  without  hesitatien;  our  information  is  from  such  a  source,  that  we  have  no  room  for  a  doubt  upon  the  matter.  Coal  has  been  discovered;  the  quality  is  said  to  be  excellent;  the  quantityas  at  present  known  is  but  small,  though  it  is  hardly  likely  that  the  only  seam  in  the  Colony  has  been  opened.  A  letter  received  - STYLE=superscript  in  Melbourne  states,  that  three  nuggets,  one  of  which  weighed  4th.,  and  the  other  two  something  less,  were  dug  up  within  about  five  miles  of  the  Government  station  at  the  Mayor.  A  party  of  six,  {all  residents  of  Coning Coningwood,)  wood,) Coningwood,)  have  returned  from  a  three  month's  sojourn  at  Bendigo,  and  they  have  netted,  on  the  Whole,  about  £4,000  worth  of  gold.  •  •  A  mass  of  gold  weighing  158  ounces  had  been  brought  to  Melbourne,  It  is  'said  to  have  been  very  fine,  an,d  :  apparently  contained_,  only  a  few  penny-weights  - STYLE=superscript  of:iron  stone•alloy.  _  _  ..  Consider  - STYLE=superscript  able  agitation  was  . STYLE=superscript  going  on  among  the  diggers  for  a  reduction  of  the  license  fee.  The  Argus  says—so  long  as  the  gold  fields  were  highly  productive,  there  was  little  to  be  feared  from  any  movement  of  dissatisfaction  ;  but  now  there  is  a  large  mass  of  disappointed  men,  who  are  not  only  unwilling,  but  unable,  to  comply  with  11  ,  demands  of  the  tax  collector.  The  re-adjustment  of  the  license  fee  appears  to'  lie  imperative,  unless  the  brilliant  idea  of  the  Argus,  that  the  exaction  should  be  continiied  in  order  to  compel  the  diggers  to  leaVe  their  occupation,  should  be.  adopted.  The  truth  is,  ~we  believe,  that  during  the  ist  six  months  nine-tenths  of  the  license  fees  have  been  out  of  the  digging,  but  paw,  _  profits  •  of  from  the  funds  brought  to  the  •colony  by  rivalS,.  or  from  funds  the  proceeds  of  labour  at  other  pursuits..  This  cannot  last  long.  The  re  venue  from  liCeithe  - STYLE=superscript  fees  is  certain  to  fall  to  a-  low  figure  during  the  presput  quartet.  An  attack  had  been  made  by  a  party  of  -  bush-  ew  ar-  rangers  on  the  private  escort  of  the  Melbourne  Company,  on  its  way  from  . STYLE=superscript  Mc  Ivor  to  Kyneton,  and  the  robbery  of  about  2,300  ounces  of  gold,  with  £7OO  in  cash,  it  was  conveying  had  caused  considerable_  excitement,  and  the  Govern Government  ment Government  was  about  to  offer  a  reward  of  £5OO  for  each  of  the  parties  implicated  in  the  above  outrage,  or  £l,OOO  for  each  man  if  the  whole  gang  be  taken.  To  an  accomplice,  beyond  the  men,  full  pardon,  a  free  passage  out  of  the  colony,  and  safety  guaran guaranteed  teed guaranteed  whilst  in  it.  Amongst  the  quantity  of  gold  stolen,  there  was  one  very  fine  nugget  weighing  80  ounces.  The  precious  metal  was  nearly  all  uninsured,  and,  the  .saine  :remark  applies  .  to  the  money  under  transmission,  The  majority  of  the  parcels  of  gold  were  the  property  of  storekeepers  and  others  who  had  purchased  the  same  ;  and  a  comparatively  small  portion  was  sent  to  Mel Melbourne  bourne Melbourne  by  diggers  ;  the  latter  having  sufficiently  advantageously  quitted  their  gold.  MELBOURNE  PRICE  CURRENT.—Jurir  23rd,  1853.  Trade  has  been  languid  during  the  week,  but  rather  a  better  feeling  existed  towards  its  close,  so  far  at  least  as  to  confirm  large  holders  in  their  determination  to  maintan  their  prices.  With  the  exception  of  flour,  there  have  been  no  transactions  of  any  moment,  but  in  that  article  there  have  been  a  good  many  inquiries,  and  a  few  lots  of  good  sound  stuff  have  changed  hands  at  355.  Sour  flour,  too,  has.  rather  risen  in,  consequence  of  the  large  shipments  making  to  England,  which,  no  doubt,  will  pay  well  enough,  seeing  that  the  freight  on  the  article  is  so  low  as  to  be  al almost  most almost  nominal.  This  .has  relieved  the  market  materially,  and  high  prices  are  now  asked  by  the  large  holders.  Co Colonial  lonial Colonial  flour,  it  will  be  observed,  is  also  firmer;  both  mills  were  quoting  the  best  quality  at  £3O.  Oats,  maize,  bran,  and  hay  maintain  their  former  quotations,  and,  perhaps,  the  litter  article  is  a  shade  higher.  Pro  vi.ions  and  grocenes,  bacon,  hams,  and  particularly  cheese,  are  rathor  firmer.  Pickles  and  oilmen's  stores,  fruit,  and  preserves,  are  still  dull  of  sale.  Sugar  has  fallen  a  little.  Crushed  lump  has  been  sold  at  565.,  which  is  a  dacline  of  4s.  per  cwt.  on  former  prices.  .  .  _  Brandy,  notwithstanain  the  large  importations,  has  not  declined  any  further,  and  ° STYLE=superscript  generally  other  spirits  are  firmer  this  week,  though  sales  are  few.  Port  and  sherry  continue  at  former  prices,  with  a  small  demand,  and  for  lig  there  is  no  inaui  Ale,  beer,  and  Porter  still  rather  decline.  Porter  of  good  brand  has  been  sold  this  last  week  at  £7  per  hogshead,  and  at  1  ls.  per  dozen  ;  but  these  sales  have  been  forced,  and  those  who  have  stocks  are  now  inclined  to  hold  on  rather  than  sell  at  these  low  figures.  Soft  goods  are  still  at  a  discount,  and  even  winter  cloth clothing  ing clothing  and  boots  and  shOes  are  continuing  to  fall,  which  is  not  to  be  wondered  at  if  we  consider  the  enormous  number  of  shops  opening  in  every  direction,  particularly  by  American  dealers,  who  deluging  the  market  with  their  stocks,  more  especially  with  boots  and  shoes,  which  are  exposed  for  sale  to  any  amount,  and  at  any  price.  Building  materials  we  need  scarcely  refer  to,  for  they  must  continue,  at  least  for  some  time,  at  present  high  prices,  which  are  as  firm  as  last  week,  and  give  no  symptom  of  any  reduction.  _  Hardware  goods  are  quoted  the  same  as  last  week,  but  in invoices  voices invoices  have  been  sold  at  rather  reduced  rates.  Retailers  complain  that  there  is  no  demand,  and  stocks  are  accumula accumulating.  ting. accumulating.  Iron,  lead,  and  oils  are  in  good  demand,  and  so  is  whitening  '  which  is  scarce,  and  fetching  high  prices.  C.  A.  Ross  and  Co.  sold,  at  Melbourne,  on  the  23rd  July,  on  the  Queen's  Wharf,  cracked  maize,  9s.  per  bushel  ;  lime  14s.  to  16s.  per  bag;  English  bricks,  £l7  per  thou thousand.  sand. thousand.  Also  timber,  as  folows—quartering,  465.  to  595.  per  100  feet  ;  joists,  565.  to  575.  per  ditto  ;  battens,  545.  to  60s.  per  ditto  ;  laths,  40s.  to  41s.  per  thousand.;  shingles,  735.  per  ditto;  grooved  and  tongued  boards,  74d.  per  foot  ;  spring  waggons,  £45  each.  R.  M.  Martin  &amp;  Co.  sold  at  their  rooms,  No.  11,  Great  'Bourke-street,  fine  Adelaide  flour,  £27  and  £2B  per  ton;  hay,  £23  per  ton  •  oats,  12s.  per  bushel  ;  maize,  15s.  per  bushel;  sherry;  20s.  per  dozen  ;  port,  245.  ditto  ;  bottled  porter,  17s.  ditto;  bottled  :ale,  13s.  9d.  ditto;  rum,  per  gallon  (in  bond),  4s.  2d.  ;  Indian  goods  realized  25  per  cent.  on  invoice  prices  ;  hams,  9d.  per  lb.  ;  cheese  (Colonial),  Bd.  per  lb.;  Chedder  cheese,  ls.  3d.  per  lb.  Stubbs  and  Son  sold,  on  the  Queen's  Wharf  yesterday,  cedar  boards  ;  'finch,  1  inch,  1  #  inch,  2  inch,  from  lld.  to  2s.  4d.  per  foot.  Cedar.  scantling,  2*  inch,  3  inch,  4  inch,  froth  ls.  2d.  to  is.  6d.  per  foot.  The  latest  market  report  says  the  colonial  flour  trade  continues  steady  at  last  week's  rates  ;  the  lowest  figure  at  the  town  mills  is  now  £2B.  American  flour  is  still  avoided  as  an  article  of  extensive  speculation,  but  small  sales,  for  actual  wants,  are  made  without  difficulty  at  '4Bs  to  52s  per  barrel  for  really  good  samples  Some  further  diminution  of  the  stock  in  the  bay,  to  a  Considerable  extent,  is  about  to  be  made,  one  firm  alone  having  engaged  to  purchase  ten  thousand  barrels  for  shipment  to  Liverpool,  for  manufacturing  purposes  ;  and  other  purchases  for  the  same  purpose  are,  we  hear,  in  contemplation.  Our  American  friends  have  bought  their  experience  rather  dearly,  as  to  the  fallacy  of  sending  damaged  flour  to  this  market  :  most  of  laa  6,,  al  iyuaLf  will  not  roan.;  more  than  the  freight  and  lighterage,—leaving  the  ship  as  altogether  minus  the  original  cost  of  the  article.  At  the  same  time,  the  excessive  supplies  have  had  the  effect  of  seriously  de de'pressing  'pressing de'pressing  the  value  of  the  good  flour  imported  here  from  America,  which  if  alone  sent  here,  would  have  maintained  remunerating  price,  as  indeed  we  believe  most  of  it  will  ultimately  do  now,  to  those  who  can  hold  until  the  stocks  ,are  reduced  by  the  withdrawals  alluded  to.  MELBOURNE-JULY  25th,  1853  The  price  of  gold  has  an  upward  tendency,  and  may  be  quotedto-day  at  £3  17s.  6d.  per  ounce.  The  holders  of  Ameri American  can American  flour  are  indulging  in  the  hope  that  they  will  yet  obtain  a  remunerative  price  for  good  qualities,  and  that  prices  are  slightly  improving  we  blieve  to  . STYLE=superscript  be  the  case  ;  but  if  their  hopes  are  realised,  it  must  be  by  a  temporary  cessation  of  farther  supplies,  as  none  of  the  neighbouring  markets  of  the  Australian  Colonies  are  at  all  likely  to  help  them  ;  even  at  Sydney,  where  the  stocks  are  reported  to  be  getting  coin coinparatively  paratively coinparatively  low,  a  limit  of  255.  per  barrel  for  best  qualities  is  the  highest  expectation  held  out.  So  complete  is  the  derangement  of  business  in  some  branches  of  the  wholesale  trade  at  present,  that  merchants  who  have  latitude  given  them  to  sell  at  considerable  discount  at  invoice  prices,  cannot  meet  with  purchasers  on  any  terms.  All  attempts  to  sell  are  met  with  the  reply,  that  nothing  will  Se  taken  but  what  is  actually  wanted,  and  that  if  purchases  are  to  be  made  at  all,  it  will  be  by  way  of  investment  only,  where  the  prices  are  exceedingly  tempting.  Under  such  a  state  of  the  market,  the  want  of  a  convenient  place  of  meeting  for  the  merchants  is  more  than  usually  felt,  as  there  is  the  greater  necessity  for  faciltaiting  intercourse  amongst  the  mercantile  body  in  order  to  promote  sales  at  reasonable  prices.  GOLD  CIRCULAR  The  prices  continue  as  last  quotation,  £3  17s.  3d.  for  small  parcels,  and  £3  17s.  6d.  for  larger  quantities.  Busi Business  ness Business  has  been  brisk  this  week,  the  .demand  for  shipment  being  spirited,  and  the  quantity  offered  not  sufficient  to  sup supply  ply supply  the  large_  orders  in  the  market.  •  Another  week  has  passed  without  any  shipments  of  gold  to  report,  that  per  Eagle  was  taken  on  board  to-day  ;  but  as  she  is  not  cleared  at  the  custom  house  yet,  the  exact  quantity  has  not  been  ascertained  ;  in  allSprObability  it  will  be  the  largest  shipment  for  some  time  past  ;  one  banking  company  also  sends  30,000  ounces  by  her.  The  only  matter  of  interest  that  has  excited  the  public  at attention  tention attention  during  the  past  week,  has  been  the  attack  by  bush bushrangers  rangers bushrangers  on  the  private  escort  on  its  way  from  the  M'lvor  to  liyneton,  and  the  robbery  of  about  2,300  ounces  that  it  was  conveying.  _  _  _  The  excitement  in  town  caused  by  the  many  contradictory  reports,  and  the  absence  of  any  authentic  information,  has  been  extreme,  and  although  the  violence  was  committed  on  Wednesday  last,  it  was  only  this  afternoon,  on  the  arrival  of  the  escort,  that.  the  real  fact§  were  known,  a  full  itatement  of  which  will  doubtless  be  published  on  Monday.  The  robbers,  after  wounding  .  four  of  the  escort  decamped  with  the  gold,  leaving  £750  in  cash,  which  they  did  not  dis discover.  cover. discover.  The  police,  and  a  numerous  body  of  armed  diggers,  now  scattered  over  the  country  around  the  scene  of  the  outrage,  and  there  is  every  probability  of  the  stolen  property  being  'recovered,  even  although  the  pernetrators  of  the  crime  may  escape.  This  unfortunate  occurrence  will  be  severely  felt  by  the  company,  as  part  of  the  gold  was  insured,  and  they  will  have  to  incur  additional  expenses  in  future  by  increasing  their  troops,  which  as  yet  have  not  been  strong  enough  to  make  any  great  resistance  against  a  superior  body  of  men  lying  in  ambush.  It  is  to  be  hoped  - STYLE=superscript  that  the  liberal  support  of  the  public  may  continue  to  increase,  and  that  the  profits  of  the  company  may  soon  enable  them  to  clear  off  this  heavy  loss.  From  the  mines  there  is  nothing  important  this  week,  rumours  of  gold  were  circulated  yesterday.  Several  sam samples  ples samples  of  earth  and  sand,  containing  small  portions  of  gold,  wore  exhibited  to-day;  they  were  said  to  have  been  brought  from  the  junction  of  the  Yarra  Yarra  and  Salt  Water  River,  and  were  taken  froin  the  stuff  with  which  the  vessels  were  ballasted.  No  authentic  information  has  as  yet  been  re received,  ceived, received,  but  if  it  is  really  the  case,  many  thousands  of  tons  of  - STYLE=superscript  the  precious  earth  have  been  carried  away  without  their  ever  having  been  a  suspicion  of.  its  worth.  About  £93,000  in  specie  have  been  received  by  the  Bank  this  week.  Advance  made  by  the  Banks  on  gold  shipped  to  Great  Britain,  60s.  per  ounce:  Bills  drawn  against  gold-dust  at  thirty  days  sight  taken  by  the  Banks  at  par.  Bank  drafts  on  London  at  thirty  days  sight,  issued'  at  2  per'  cent.  premium.  Freight  of  gold  to  Great  Britain,  deliverable  at  the  Bul Bullion  lion Bullion  Office,  Bank  of  England,  4id  per  ounce  in  full.  Insurance  of  gold  to  Great  Britain  three  guinGas  per  cent.  ENNISKILLEN  REGISTI  zly  (lea  —The  Daily  Exlir'iss•  of  exult exultthat  that exultthat  the  revision  in  -  Enniskillen  Borough  has  giveu_Mr.  Whiteside,  Lord  Derby's  Splicitor-General,  clear  majority  of  45  out  of  a  miserable  constituency  of  180  It  is  to  be  seen  whether  Mr.  Whiteside  will  to  of  this,  as  at  the  last  election  he  was  admitted  without  a  adva,ntag  contest  by  Mr.  Collura,who  had  previously  ran  him  within  nine—on  the  condition  that  he  would,.,on  a  futtire  occasion,  retire  in  Mr.  Collura's  favor.  POLICE  COURT.-SATURDAY.  LIVERPOOL  A  seaman,  named  Charles  Langley,  summoned  Captain  John  Prescott  for  having  refused  to  give  up  his  certificate  of  discharge,  by  which  he  was  prevented  from  getting  employ employment.  ment. employment.  Mr  Chilton  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  complainant,  who  stated  he  arrived  in  Liverpool  from  New  Orleans  upon  the  22nd  of  September,  when  he  was  obliged  to  go  to  the  hospital,  being  ill.  He  had  since  frequently  applied  to  the  captain  for  his  certificate  of  discharge,  without  which  he  could  not  get  employment,  and  the  captain  refused  giving  him  it.  The  captain  said  the  seaman  was  bound  to  sign  a  release  before  he  obtained  his  discharge,  but  he  had  not  come  to  do  so,  because  he  was  in  debt  to  the  ship.  Finally,  the  captain  agreed  to  go  with  Mr.  Chilton,  and  the  complainant,  to  the  Sailors'  Home  and  have  both  release  and  discharge  made  out  and  signed  there.  DESERTION  FROM  THE  NAVY.--,Tohn  Guthrie,  captain  of  the  British  merchant  ship  Medina,  appeired  to  answer  a  charge  made  on  behalf  of  the  Admiralty,  of  having,  upon  the  14th  of  August,  employed  a  man  named  Richard  Thomp Thompson,  son, Thompson,  and  three  other  men,  knowing  them  to  have  been  desert deserters  ers deserters  from  her  Majesty's  war  sloop  Espiegle,  then  lying  at  Carthagena.  Mr.  Parr,  solicitor  to  the  Admiralty,  appeared  for  the  prosecution:  Sir  George  Stephen,  instructed  by  Messrs.  Davenport  and  Collier,  defended  Captain  Guthrie.  Mr.  Parr  said  each  case  would  form  the  subject  of  a  separate  prosecution,  and  he  would  begin  with  that  of  Richard  Thonip Thonipson.  son. Thonipson.  Sir  George  Stephen  applied  to  have  all  the  other  witnesses  Ordered  out  of  court,  as  his  defence  would  mainly  rest  upon  the  contradictory  nature  of  their  testimony.  The  witnesses  were  accordingly  orderedto  leave  the  court.  Mr.  Parr  said  the  circumstances  of  the  case  were,  that  on  Sunday,  the  7th  of  August  last,  Richard  Thompson  and  two  others,  able  seamen,  and  one  marine,  deserted  from  on  board  her  Majesty's  sloop  Espiegle,  then  lying  at  Carthaghena.  They  travelled  through  the  country  until,  upon  the  Saturday  fol following,  lowing, following,  they  arrived  at  Savanilla,  where  they  met  Captain  Guthrie,  whose  brig,  the  Medina,  was  then  in  that  port.  They  told  him  they  were  deserters,  but  he  offered,  neverthe:-  less,  to  ship  them,  and  he  accordingly  entered  them  under  fictitious  names,  as  seamen  of  the  Medina,  and  brought  them  to  Liverpool.  In  Liverpool  they  were  taken  into  custody.  The  prosecution  was  accordingly  commenced  by  , STYLE=superscript  the  Admi Admiralty,  ralty, Admiralty,  under  the  10th  and  11th  Victoria.  Richard.  Thompson  was  called  and  placed  in  the  witness  box.  In  answer  to  Mr.  Parr,  he  stated  that  he  was  boatswain's  mate  on  board  the  Espiegle,  from  which  he  deserted,  with  three  others,  at  Car Carthaghena'  thaghena' Carthaghena'  upon  the  7th  of  August.  They  went  on  th  roug  h  the  country  and  arrived  at  Savanilla,  on  Saturday,  the  13th  of  August.  They  met  with  Captain  Guthrie  there,  who  spoke  to  them.  They  told  him  they  were  deserters  from  an  English  vessel  of  war.  He  said  whole  four  of  and  witness  said  yes,  we  all  left  one  They  told  him  it  was  the  Espiegle  they  had  l  e  ft.  H  e  sa  id,  am  so  many  hands  short,  and  if  you  have  a  mind  to  engage  with  me  fo  take  the  ship  to  England,  I  will  engagel3ll  and  we  will  go  direct  to  They  said  they  were  all  agreeable  to  go.  Ile  I  can't  ship  you  as  Englishmen,  but  I'll  ship  you  as  forei  gners  —y  ou  can  s  hi  p  with  me  as  '  They  agreed,  and  lie  took  them  on  board  at  once,  where  they  worked  the  next  day.  They  signed  articles  to  bring  the  ship  to  England,  as  Americans.  They  did  not  ship  under  their  own  names  ;  witness  took  the  name  of  Richard  Ward.  Did  not  tell  the  captain  what  his  real  name  was.  When  they  arrived  in  Liverpool  they  were  taken  into  custody.  On  cross-examination  by  Sir  George  Stephen,  witness  stated  that  he  had  previously  served  in  the  Constant;  50  gun  frigate,  and  in  the  Terrible,  and  was  paid  off  from  both  vessels.  Deserted  from  the  Espiegle,  because  he  was  not  comfortable  there,  not  .that  he  had  a  dislike  to  any  on  board,  but  he  did  not  like  the  vessel.  Did  not  tell  Captain  Guthrie  that  he  and  his  comrades  were  wrecked  from  the  Eliza,  of  New  York.  Captain  Guthrie  said  they  Should  give  the  name  of  some  vessel  as  having  served  last  in  her,  and  witness  mentioned  the  Eliza,  of  New  York.  Captain  Guthrie  said  that  would  do  very  well.  That  was  in  the  cabin.  They  were  about  fourteen  days  on  board  the  Medina,  in  Savanilla,  before  they  sailed.  They  made  no  effort  at  concealment.  They  wore  the  uniform  of  the  Es Espiegle,  piegle, Espiegle,  blue  shirt  and  white  trowsers.  Witness  and  two  of  his  comrades  rowed  the  captain  ashore  three  or  four  times.  While  in  prison,  in  Liverpool,  saw  Captain  Bevis,  of  the  Espiegle,  and  Mr.  Parr.  They  did  not  say  .a  word  to  him  about  their  puniShment  being  mitigated  if  he  succeeded  in  con convicting  victing convicting  Captain  Guthrie.  Does  not  erpect  that  it  will  he  naiti naitigated  gated naitigated  on  that  account.  Sir  George  Stephen  addressed  the  Court  :upon  behalf  of  Captain  Guthrie  commenting  strongly  upon  the  questionable  character  of  the  evidence  given  by  Thomp Thompson,  son, Thompson,  after  which  he  called  the  mate  of  the  Medina,  named  Roper,  who  deposed  that  when  first  he  saw  Thompson  and  his  comrades  aboard  the  Medina,  they  had  striped  shirts  on  and  canvass  trousers,  not  the  dress  of  man-of-war  men,  and  'that  Captain  Guthrie  directed  him  to  have  some  conversa-  don  with  them,  as  he  said  he  was  doubtful  whether  they  had  not  come  frOm  a  man-of-war.  That  was  in  Savanilla  before  the  articles  were  signed.  In  consequence,  he  had  some  eon eonversation  versation eonversation  with  Thompson,  who.  passed  by  the  name  of  Ward,  and  asked  him  what  ship  he  belonged  to  last  ?  Thompson  said  the  American  . STYLE=superscript  vessel  Eliza,  a  New  York,  which  was  Wrecked.  Witness  asked  was  she  a  total  wreck,  and  Thomp Thompson  son Thompson  replied,  no,  but  ..they  saw  no  rtbaneo  of  getting  her  off,  ua  44.,,,,0n.,  cney  - STYLE=superscript  leit  her  mid  walked  on  to  SaTanilla.  {Neither  witness  nor  anyone  on  .board,  as  far  as  he  knows,  bad  any  thought  of  concealment  regarding  the  men,  nor  was  Imy  'effort  whatever  made  to  hide  the  fact  of  their  being  on  board.  •  Witness  •  reported  to  Captain  Guth  r  i  e  th  e  resu  lt  o  f  the  conversation.  Witness  did  not  become  acquainted  with  the  real  character  of  the  men;  until  they  were  at  sea,  three  or  four  'days  after  they  had  left  Savanilla,  when  he  learned  •  it  in  consequence  of  a  conversatio  n  h  e  had  with  th  Had  no  reason  to  believe  when  they  were  sizninz  articles  that  they  were  giving  fictitious  names.  When  they  were  arrested  in  Liverpool  heard  one  of  them  say  the  captain  had  sold  them.  To  Mr.  Parr  :.It  is  customary  when  men  are  shipped  at  a  foreign  port  to  apply  to  the  consul,  and  the  captain  did  so  in  this  instance.  To  the  Court  :  When  he  reported  to  the  captabf_that  he  had  'discovered  who  they  were,  the  captain  said,  must  only  make  the  best  of  it—we  are  a  t  sea  now  At  the  .......  desire  of  the  Court,  Thompson  was  recalled,  and  deposed  that  he  mate  was  present  at  the  conversation  which  took  place  'n  the  cabin,  and  also  that  he  had  been  telling  the  mate  bout  the  duties  of  a  man-of-war  before  the  articles  were  igned.  The  mate:  That  is  not  true.  Mr.  Parr  urged  that  he  evidence  of  the  mate  did  not  disprove  that  of  Thompson  ;  and  alSo  mentioned  that  Captain  Bevis  and  he  had  told  Thompson  that'he  must  not  expect  the  slightest  mitigation  of  punishment  in  consequence  of  the  evidence  he  was  about  to  give.  The  Court  said  the  evidence  was  very  contradictory.  The  evidence  of  the  seaman  appeared  on  the  whole  very  consistent,  and  might  possibly  be  true.  On  the  other  hand,  the  mate  was  an  unimpeached  witness,  and  hig  character  and  tation  rendered  him  less  liable  to  be  biased  in  any  testimony  he  gave.  His  evidence  contradicted  that  of  the  other  wit-  Iness  in  some  very  material  points,  and,  therefore,  in  so  very  erious  a  case  it  was  right  to  give  the  benefit  of  any  doubt  to  the  defendant,  and  not  to  find  a  conviction.  There  were  Certainly  very  strong  reasons  for  believing  that  the  e  vid  e  n  ce  o  f  the  seaman  was  not  much  at  variance  with  he  truth.  But  Upon  the  whole  as  a  doubt  existed  at  all,  it  was  fight  to  give  the  benefit  of  it  to.  Captain  Guthrie,  the  case  therefore  was  dis dismissed.  missed. dismissed.  Sir  George  Stephen  observed  that  if  his  client  had  been  in  a  position  to  give  the  evidence  of  the  consul  at  Sa Savanilla,  vanilla, Savanilla,  he  could  show  that  he  had  applied  to  him,  and  that  the  consul  felt  satisfied  from  the  statements  of  the  sea  men  ,  that  they  were  what  they  represented  themselves  to  be,  there therefore  fore therefore  the.  Captain  was  not  to  blame  in  the  matter.  Mr.  Parr  observed  that  the  Admiralty  thought  it  right  to  institute  the  jolrosecution,  in  'order  to  prevent  seamen  who  had  deserted  from  Her  Majesty's  Ships  from  being  taken  aboard  merchant  vessels.  He  was  however,  quite  content  with  the  verdict.  Sir  George  Stephen  :  Do  you  withd  raw  th  e  ot  h  er  cases  ?  Mr.  Parr,  - STYLE=superscript  I  do.  _  --  ROBBERY  OF  BOOTS  AND  JEWELLERY.  --Ellen  Smith  was  Charged  by  Mrs.  Cowen,  42,  Great  Howard-street,  with  stealing  a  pair  of  boots  her  property.  The  prisoner  came  to  look  for  a  servant's  place  with  the  prosecutrix,  and  took  the  boots.  When  arrested  by  officer  733,  the  prisoner  stated  she  pledged  the  boots  in  a  shop  in  Regent-street,  this  how however  ever however  was  not  the  case.  Martha  Christie,  a  young  girl  who  lives  in  Benjamin-street,  charged  the  same  prisoner  with  stealing  a  gold  chain  ;  she  came  to  inquire  if  prosecutrix  had  fotnd  a  parrot  which  she  lately  lost,  and  about  which  prisoner  had  given  evidence  before  the  magistrates,  when  she  went  away,  prosecutrix  missed  the  chain.  Mr.  Lieppe-  Schutz  of  67,  Great  Howard-street,  proved  that  he  purchased  the  stolen  article  from  the  prisoner.  She  was  convicted,  and  sentenced  to  three  months  imprisonment.  CONCEALING  THE  BIRTH  OF  A  CHlLD.—Committal  to  the  Assises.-2lfargaret  Clegg  was  placed  at  the  bar  charged  with  concealing  the  birth  of  her  child.  Richard  Williams,  spirit  dealer,  said  that  the  prisoner  was  in  his  service  seven  months.  About  six  weeks  ago,  he  sus suspected  pected suspected  from  her  delicacy  that  something  was  wrong.  He  sent  for  Mr.  Alexander  Galloway,  surgeon,  about  three  weeks  ago,  who  attended,  and  pronounced  the  girl  to  be  enciente.  The  dotter  swore  that  he  met  the  prisoner  some  two  weeks  previously  to  his  last  visit  in  the  shop  of  Mr.  Sutton,  druggist,  and  that  she  then  asked  him  to  prescribe  for  her;  she  complained  of  pains  in  her  back,  he  told  her  she  was  enciente,  but  she  demed  that  she  was  so.  When  called  in  by  Mr.  Williams,  he  at  once  asked  prisoner  what  she  had  done,  with  her  child,  she  immediately  told  him  that  it  was  in  a  box  in  the  warehouse,  and  handed  him  the  key.  He  opened  the  box  pointed  out  to  him,  and  there,  in  a  bucket,  found  the  body  of  a  full-grown  child.  He  applied  the  usual  tests,  and  found  that  the  infant  was  still-born.  The  girl  was  sent  for  trial  to  the  Assizes.  ROBBERY  OF  AN  EMPLOYER.—Thomas  Quinn  was  charged  with  stealing  a  piece  of  silk  and  two  button  boxes,  the  pro property  perty property  of  his  employers,  Messrs.  Stones  and  Halleday,  drapers  and  tailors,  Lord-street.  The  priso  - STYLE=superscript  ner  had  been  in  their  employment  two  years,  first  as  an  errand  boy,  and  after afterwards  wards afterwards  as  assistant  to  the  foreman  cutter-out.  Mr.  Stones  had  suspected  him  for  some  time  past,  and  on  the  21st  of  October,  another  man  named  James  ll'Allisten.,  in  his  employment,  told  him  that  prisoner  had  asked  him  to  sell  some  silk  for  him.  John  Eaton,  detective  officer,  searched  lodgings  in  Vauxhall-road,  and  there  found  the  roperty  produced.  The  prisoner  was  committed  to  take  his  trial,  at  the  Quarter  Sessions.  prisonc  PLUNDERING  A  BONDED  &amp;calm—Joseph  Leethwaite,  and  Elizabeth  _Leethwaite,  his  wife,  were  charged  with  steali  ng  a  bottle  of  brandy,  the  property  of  Messrs  Bushell,  spirit  merchants,  from  their  bonded  stores,  in  York  buildings.  It  appeared  by  the  evidence  that  the  Messrs  Bushell  had  re recaesyivested  caesyivested recaesyivested  m  info  o  rr  r  alon  ery  fro  w  m  as  th  g  e  They  applied  to  Captain  Greggr,  ---- STYLE=superscript  who  sent  one  0,  tective  officers  to  watch  the  premises.  Patrick,  tn  e STYLE=superscript  apt  'ae  watched  the  premises  for  several  days,  between  one_  „  ion  in  the  afternoon  he  observed  the  female  prisonelye  the  warehouse,  and  she  invariably  returned  1 STYLE=superscript  .  1 STYLE=superscript  tol  io  some  small  parcel  to  the  driver  of  an  omaibus  ac  t  ill STYLE=superscript  o  t  she  afterwards  got,  and  which  hers;'b  goes  to  I„  ° STYLE=superscript  to  secct  sant.  On  Friday  he  followed  she  wellt  :  it  ,051  7 STYLE=superscript  shops,  and  ultimately  into  the  'bus,  into  whic  h STYLE=superscript  got,  and  was  driven  with  her  to  Mount  Pleasan  t  ste  o  she  got  out  at  her  house,  Patrick  asked  her  w  1 STYLE=superscript  ,,,i,  t  ,g  0 STYLE=superscript  -`  3 STYLE=superscript  '  2f;  got  about  her,  wn  she  said,  nothing  but  some  u  der  had  bought;  he  t  hen  searched  her,  and  found  under  apron  the  bottle  of  brandy  produced..  She  stateubsrdi  it  from  a  man  in  Mr.  Bushell's  vaults.  Witness.vieri  going  on  inffitcheerir°fesetilasbtirlitifel  the  bottle  to  the  warehouse,  when  the  male  P  rl STYLE=superscript  ,4  mated  that  his  wife  came  to  him  for  some  bra  n,  t!t  / STYLE=superscript  4''41&#34;,  e  1) STYLE=superscript  ;,  into  the  gruel  of  a  child  of  theirs  who  ,was  o  7  ,  fever,  and  that  he  had  given  her  t  h  e  botkntiii  Messrs  Bushell,  who  were  •  both  'present,  i  n STYLE=superscript  `  nt  irC  ,  the  bottle  .of  brandy  as  their  property,  b}  .I  d  11,  ad  marks.  One  of  the  gentlemen  said  that  he  Prescits  case  only  as  a  solemn  act  of  duty,  as  comPln  i STYLE=superscript  ste  ls  .  hi  made  that  the  revenue  was  defrauded  1 STYLE=superscript  -1'  system  of  plunder  which  existed.  As  to  the  prisonc,i-to  tll6  brandy  for  the  exigency  of  a  sick  child,  he  611 STYLE=superscript  _  1  1,  tt;  1  1 STYLE=superscript  :7,  that  every  person  in  their  employment  .knew  very  fot  pk  they  always  could  have  what  spirits  they  require  d STYLE=superscript  „  to  ,  sortable  private  use  ;  this  they  allowed  to  preve  n  t STYLE=superscript  -  tion—to  prevent  the  necessity  of  such  a  motive  as  t  he  ,  had  mentioned  to  the  officer.  The  Magistrates  st STYLE=superscript  d STYLE=superscript  ,4  4  ,  13 STYLE=superscript  ht  would  send  both  prisoners  for  trial,  but  they  te  ° STYLE=superscript  nr  , STYLE=superscript  c'  °  ofr,,  nal  bail  of  £5,  for  the  wife's  appearance.  A  QUEER  STOE,Y.—•  FOreS.ya  was  pu.f  f STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  Officer  257.  A  Barman  in  Mr.  Tayletir‘s  Vaults,  Ti  'IP,  street,  said  the  prisoner  came  into  the  vaults  at  hal  f  1  )  e  4 STYLE=superscript  '  ' STYLE=superscript  1  11 STYLE=superscript  :  1 STYLE=superscript  (  on  Friday  evening,  and  called  for  a  glass  of  rum;  t  do  0r,  t14  down  a  half-sovereign  on  the  counter,  and  witnes  s STYLE=superscript  the  change,  but  never  took  up  ,the  gold;  whilst  round  to  get  prisoneer  a  little  bitters,  the  latter  P  e STYLE=superscript  i  ,'  1  1 STYLE=superscript  /  4  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  i  tti;  l STYLE=superscript  4l4g  both  the  half-soverign  and  the  change.  Witne  ss STYLE=superscript  11 STYLE=superscript  ,  D  Y,  t:p,  t  „.  until  he  gave  him  in  charge  of  the  officer,  whoa  ,  17s.  in  silver  was  found  on  his  person.  Another  lP STYLE=superscript  4  L  e  tt  posed  that  between  5  and  6  the  same  evening,  pri  son STYLE=superscript  '  Belk  into  Mr.  Cutt's  public  house,  Chapel  Street,  for  thr  ee STYLE=superscript  t  e  ,  l  worth  of  rum,  he  put  down  a  half-sovereign  to  P  ts  S  I  they  had  not  change,  and  prisoner  said  he  w° STYLE=superscript  •  n  •  in  again.  About  nine  o'clock  he  came  in  3r.  halm  said  that  he  had  lost  the  half  sovereign  at  the  f%l  e STYLE=superscript  ha  d  but  that  would  not  make  them  even  for  the  glass  h  e STYLE=superscript  e  1 STYLE=superscript  '  l STYLE=superscript  9,  p,  nd  he  paid  for  that,  and  &amp;  of  a  candle  to  look  for  Lea  .  Mr.  Clough  said  that  the  presumption  14'4cs  e  his  way  to  the  police-office,  he  had  dropped  t  11„  o  ~  -, STYLE=superscript  reign  taken  at  Mr.  Tayleues  vaults,  and.  charged  from  thence,  went  to  Mr.  Cutt's  for  a  calni`  e STYLE=superscript  for  it.  The  magistrates  said  it  was  not  more  than  $  Suspicion,  and  they  should  dismiss  the  prisoner.  „  I  ''  J STYLE=superscript  atn,  ASSAULT  ON  A  RAILWAY  POLICEMAN.—  Tfratiant  a  carman,  was  charged  by  one  of  the  policemen,  1)3  Lancaghire  and  Yorkshire  Railway,  with  assaul  ti STYLE=superscript  %  He  said  that  on  Friday  morning,  •theprisoner  convicted  of  an  overcharge  at  the  terminus,  the  clerk  witness  to  put  him  out  of  the  yard;  up  - STYLE=superscript  on  telling  P  ri STYLE=superscript  e  st STYLE=superscript  ji4  go  out,  he  refused  to  do  so,  and  upon  witness  proc  e STYLE=superscript  e  enforce  the  orders  he  had  received,  defendant  I°  ll STYLE=superscript  ,  ll STYLE=superscript  (;  4 STYLE=superscript  pl  lash  of  his  whip  round  his  hand,  and  struck  hill'  with  it  over  the  head  and  shoulders.  He  was  oru  e STYLE=superscript  „,  '•  pay  a  fine  of  20s  and  costs,  or  to  be  imprisoned  for  as  Gilliam  Hobam  was  sentenced  to  two  months'  went  for  having  a  valuable  coat  in  his  possession,  ft  )r STYLE=superscript  he  could  not  account.  i  t, STYLE=superscript  0  , STYLE=superscript  4  Sl4t.  sovereign  soverei  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS—SATunDAY...  'tit:  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Ti  ,ji  ''4  n  t  Saturday  being  generally  considered  a  kind  of  holydiv  r  ,  ~  t  t'  t  ,t  produce  market,  the  business  done,  if  any,  seldom.t7,llle,  W‘  Fire  have  not  heard  of  any  sales  in  SUGAR  ?  Rum,  or  '  l STYLE=superscript  ,4'  )0t4  4  1•  .Some  further  business  was  done  in  Rico  at  a  further  '  '  '  but  in  other  produce  there  is  nothing  to  report.  t  COTTON.—The  sales  to:day  are  6,000  bales,  1,  000 STYLE=superscript  .  c STYLE=superscript  .  ',lave  been  taken  for  export,  and  .500  speculatll',  ;  44  ,  sales  include  281  Pernams  and  to  6 STYLE=superscript  4:'  '  1 STYLE=superscript  Vo  rot  Egyptians,  6ld.  to  Bid.  ;  500  Surats,•  3d.  to  41'  N;,e4'l)f  'market  closes  steadily.  4.t+,(?'  '9 STYLE=superscript  'e:  a£nldl:l7.-AsohNrakrihsu,ilE.e:Tl  ~.  a  further  decline  has  taken  place  in  several  classes  ~  SHARES.—The  market  to-  day  has  again  been  &amp;PI  The  sales  are  :—ealedonian,  24,3  ;  Eastern  Cour  lu STYLE=superscript  :  l STYLE=superscript  ;k  Great  S.  &amp;  Western.,  50;  Kendal  .  and  Windernlp  i  .  g  t  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  611  g  Lancaster  o  iji'  l  A  °t STYLE=superscript  '.,,  l STYLE=superscript  Manchester  S.  and  Lincoln,  19  ;  Midland,  59.1;  - STYLE=superscript  be'  'n STYLE=superscript  2'  17 STYLE=superscript  i  '  a  ge  ,  .0  3  k  6  m  i  A  ie  ß  r  Km  cent  T  ,  I:l  s  :  Tc,..lia  p  ‘4,i  :,,,.C  ,i  Richmond  Debentures,  6  per,  cent,  1024.  '  ,  t  lAS*  , STYLE=superscript  ,''  IV;  The  market  has  been  weak  and  inactive.to-day,  '  l. STYLE=superscript  ss  .  s  ,  '',l3,  are  a  shade  lower  than  yesterday.  The  follow:A.  ,:l  v,  business  transacted  :—Caledoniari,  241  ;  East  Lancash,  lr STYLE=superscript  i  ;  12  ;  ',  ,  11  ,  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  61i-1  ;`  London  and  No  i  r:  s,  7  ern,  1011;  London  and  North  Western  New  garmh  Manchester  and  Rirmlnaharn  (C  Quartero).  tr  ;  d  _  b;  .  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  19;  North  Sta  South  Eastern  and,Dover,  17  5-16-4.  E;l6RLopsnishina,:ilea,aEn.d  North  Western,  if  '  ~,,co  ‘,..  GLASGOW  MARKETS—Oar.  The  improved  feeling  noticed  in  our  Cotton  g gin  in gin  the  early  part  of  the  week  has  continued  till  the  C  there  is  a  fair  amount  of  business  going  on.  Ce  here  yesterday,  but  there  is  now  rather  'a  firmer  c  oLd  i  ,0  5  Np  e.  P  it  orttch.  .ontinges  scarce,  enhanced  prices.  to  b7S.  sellers,  6  1  to  3  lines  4  or  5  lines  6  or  7  lines  8,  9  ,or  10  line  ,ery"
