text
"PARLIAMENTARY  STAMP  RETURNS  FOR  THE  YEAR  1854.  -  PRESTON  GUARDIAN....  •••  •,  Preston  Chronicle..  Preston  Pilot  .....  .....  48,000  Lancaster  Guardian  ..  Lancaster  Gazette  •,  41,500  Ulverston  Advertiser.  ,  71,000  Blackburn  Standard  •  •..  ....  28,500  It  will  be  seen  from  the  above  that  the  number  of  stamps  issued  to  the  Guardian  exceeded  by  49,500  the  number  issued  to  all  the  other  papers  .n  Nc..rth  Lancashire  added  together.  %IIIE  PREPAID  CHARGES  for  Advertising  in  the  _PRESTON  GUARDIAN  are  4  Lines,  or  30  Words,  Is  6d,  if  prepaid.  8  Lines,  or  60  Words,  2s  Od,  if  prepaid.  Advertisers  will  do  well  to  remember  that  no  Advertisements,  however  short,  are  received  on  credit  ender  2s  6d  each,  it  being  impossible  to  open  accounts  for  such  small  sums  and  collect  the  amounts  without  an  extra  charge.  Parties  residing  out  of  Preston  may  remit  accounts  of  lOs  and  under  in  postage  stamps;  above  that  amount  by  Post-office  order,  deducting  cost  of  order.  Agents  out  of  Preston  must  prepay  all  advertisements  which  they  wish  to  Le  inserted  at  the  prepaid  rates  otherwise  they  will  be  charged  credit  prices  GUARDIAN-OFFICE,  11.  FISHERGATE,  PRESTON  THE  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  is  now  reduced  in  price  (though  not  in  size),  to  TWOPENCE,  UNSTAMPED  ;  THREEPENCE,  STAMPED  The  DAILY  MAIL  contains  all  the  News  of  the  day,  condensed  and  selected  from  the  principal  newspapers,  as  well  as  correspondence  from  the  various  districts  of  the  country.  To  Local  News  of  every  kind  a  large  space  is  devoted  ;  and  it  contains  exclusively  the  Latest  Intelli Intelligence  gence Intelligence  from  all  parts  of  the  Continent  received  by  Submarine  Telegraph,  generally  a  day  in  advance  of  other  papers  It  has  been  for  some  years  the  leading  and  most  influentia  Journal  in  the  West  of  Scotland,  and  has  at  present  a  cir circulation  culation circulation  greater  than  that  of  some  of  the  London  Morning  Journals;  but  as  a  large  increase  will  result  f  rom  th  e  re reduction  duction reduction  in  price,  no  better  medium  exists  for  such  Adver Advertisements  tisements Advertisements  as  are  addressed  to  the  wealthy  and  influential  classes  of  Glasgow,  and  the  wide-spread,  populous  manufacturing  districts  around  and  dependent  upon  the  western  Capital.  To  all  places  where  Railway  or  Steamboat  facilities  ex extend,  tend, extend,  arrangements  will  be  made  to  send  the  DAILY  MAIL  in  parcels,  Unstamped  ;  but  if  the  post-office  is  used  for  transmission,  the  Papers  must  be  stamped,  which  will,  however,  entitle  them  to  retransmission  as  often  as  desired  for  a  limited  period  after  Publication.  The  price  of  the  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  will  be—  Unstamped,  In  Advance,  ...14s.  61  135...  Stamped,  In  Advance.  For  a  Quarter,..  2ls.  6d......  9 STYLE=superscript  0s.  „  a  Half-year,  .....265.  43s.  ......40s.  „  a  Year,........  575.  ..  ..525.  B6s.  Bos.  A  first-class  Da,ily  Paper  can  thus  be  had  for  a  shilling  a  week,  and  to  a  club  of  tour  the  cost  will  be  only  three.  pence  each.  Orders  received  at  the  MAI  L  Offices--  102  to  114,  UNION  STREET,  GI  - STYLE=superscript  ,  SGr.  t  .r.  14,  SOUTH  ST  ANDREW  STREET,  EDINBURGit  .  .  And  by  all  Country  Nerve-agentl.  At  this  hour  there  was  a  vast  increase  in  the  crowd,  not  less  than  5,000  had  assembled,  but  chiefly  all  young  persons.  The  numbers  kept  increasing  every  moment  up  to  the  time  the  execution  took  place,  and  the  greatest  number  calculated  to  be  present  was  8,000  or  9,000  people— peoplevery  very peoplevery  few  of  apparent  respectability.  Shortly  before  the  time  appointed,  the  door  leading  to  the  trap  was  opened,  and  a  low  murmur  ran  through  the  people.  The  following  gentlemen  appeared  on  the  plat platform  form platform  :—The  Rev.  Mr.  Appleton,  cbaplain  ;  the  Under-Sheriff  (Mr.  Wood)  ;  Mr.  Wright,  the  philanthropist;  and  the  Governor  of  the  prison.  After  a  few  seconds  delay  in  conversation,  these  retired,  and  the  door  was  again  closed.  TWELVE  O'CLOCK  Precisely  at  the  hour  of  noon  the  mournful  procession  issued  from  the  nrecints  of  the  Bride Bridewell,  well, Bridewell,  led  by  the  Chaplain,  the  Rev.  Mr:  Appleton,  reading,  in  solemn  tones,  the  funeral  service  of  the  church;  next  followed  the  culprit,  and  then  the  dignified  representative  of  the  British  law— lawthe  the lawthe  Hangman.  The  procession  had  been  formed  in  the  con condemned  demned condemned  cell,  and  the  wretched  CULPRI  walked  with  unflinching  steps  from  that  to  the  FATAL  .DROP,  and  ascended  the  stairs  with  almost  careless  appearance,  great  self  possession  and  firmness.  Near  the  top  of  the  stairs  he  made  a  spring,  and  jumped  up  two  or  three  steps  at  once,  observing  to  Calcraft,  There  are  a  great  number  of  persons  This  was  all  he  said,  although  a  belief  prevailed  through  the  crowd  that  he  would  either  make  some  confession,  or  address  the  people,  from  the  scaffold—but  in  this  the  crowd  were  disap disappointed.  pointed. disappointed.  He  stood  with  firm  nerve,  but  from  his  countenance,  which  was  pallid,  it  would  seem  there  was  an  inward  emotion  working  his  frame.  As  soon  as  the  officials  had  retired,  Ca'craft  adjusted  the  rope,  drew  the  cap  over  the  wretched  man's  face,  and  in  a  second  or  two  afterwards  he  ceased  to  live.  At  the  moment  the  drop  fell,  some  person  in  the  crowd  let  go  two  pigeons,  intending  these  should  represent  doves  of  The  birds  flew  right  across  the  gallows,  and  this  was  con considered  sidered considered  a  good  omen  !  After  the  execution  was  over,  the  representatives  of  the  Press  waited  upon  the  Chaplain,  the  Rev.  Mr.  Appleton,  the  Governor,  and  Mr.  Gibbs,  in  the  gaol,  who,  with  the  greatest  courtesy,  informed  them  of  the  principal  particulars  relative  to  the  culprit  since  his  condemnation,  They  were  informed  that  the  wretched  man  has  made  no  confession  of  the  murder,  but  had  expressed  the  most  sincere  repentance  for  the  errors  of  his  past  life,  and  had  read  with  the  greatest  attention  all  the  books  that  the  worthy  chaplain  had  placed  before  him.  He  had,  up  to  this  very  morning,  slept  soundly,  and  had  conducted  himself  with  propriety.  He  was  a  man  of  a  very  peculiar  temperament,  with  little  educa education,  tion, education,  but  very  firm  ;  the  firmness  amounting  almost  to  obstinacy.  He  was  not  devoid  of  intelligence.  From  what  we  could  gather  of  the  past  history  of  the  unhappy  man,  it  would  appear  that  he  lost  his  mother  when  about  six  or  seven  years  of  age,  and  had  received  less  education  than  any:of  his  brothers,  who  were  a  few  years  his  seniors.  From  his  earliest  childhood,  he  had  led  a  most  profligate  life,  for  :which,  since  his  condem condemnation,  nation, condemnation,  he  has  repeatedly  expressed  his  most  sincere  repentance.  lie  had  several  sons,  one  of  whom  was  in  the  army.  The  youngest,  a  lad  about  twelve,,  had  an  interview  with  him  on  Saturday  last.  The  meeting  was  a  painful  sight,  but  he  manifested  great  affection  for  the  child.  The  other  son  is  living•  with  an  uncle.  Within  the  last  few  days,  when  alluding  to  his  approaching  fate,  he  has  said  that  he  expected  it,  with  such  evidence  as  was  brought  against  him  at  the  as  it  was  such  as  would  have  convinced  his  own  although  he  has  never  confessed  that  he  was  the  murderer,  he  hae  never  denied  it.  After  the  body  had  remained  the  usual  time,  it  was  cut  down  and  buried  within  the  precincts  of  the  gaol.  Thus  ended  this  painful  exhibition,  and  the  crowds  who  had  asser—bled  dispersed.  At  the  south-east  angle  of  the  gaol  —away  from,  and  and  out  of  sight  of,  the  drop—might  have  been  seen  three  children  (two  boys  and  a  girl),  one  of  the  boys  supposed  to  be  the  son  of  the  unhappy  man  ;  and  during  the  time  the  preparations  were  making,  and  for  some  time  after  the  execution,  these  poor  children,  the  boy  particularly,  wept  most  bitterly,  and  exhibited  the  deepest  signs  of  mental  agony,  Few  persons  noticed  them  with  attention,  yet  some  did  stop  and  no  doubt  felt  for  the  poor  creatures,  LONDON  PRODUCE.—AII  artiaes  of  colonial  pros  dune  are  excessively  dull,  and  there  is  22othing  passing  in  Mincing-lane  worth  notice  to-day.  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE,  LIVERPOOL,  JANUARY  7.  HIGH  WATER—Morn.,  10  48—Eveg.  11  10—Height,  15  ft.  10  in:  j  ARRIVED.  Jan.  4—James  Carthy,  New  York  Nundiepr,  St.il,  Michaera,  Jan.  s—Mataro,  New  Orleans—Eliezer,  Santander—Thessalia  (s.a.)?  Constantinople—Surprise,  Melbourne—Templar,  Monte  Video—'-  TUSJU,  rc2  nambncu—ocr.  Wa.biLlgton,  and  Chancallor,  both  fru=  New  Orleans;  Chariot  of  Fame,  Boston—Carmenta,  St.  John.  N.B.—Boomeelwaard,  Havre—Estrella,  Tarragona.  Jan.  6.  Araxes  (new  s  s.),  Bristol."
