text
"PRESTON.  OPEN  AIR  MEETING  OF  WEAVERS.  PRESTON,  SATURDAY.  This  afternoon,  an  open  air  meeting  was  held  In  the  niT42rd  ;  and  was  numerously  nttende4  hy  the  power.loom  weavers  of  the  town  and  neighbourhood.  Mr.  Waddington,  of  Preston,  presided,  and  all  the  chief  delegates  were  present,  including  Messrs.  Cowell,  Walton,  Grimshaw,  Matthew,  Brown,  &amp;c.  Mr.  MUTTER  remarked  that  the  manufacturers'  associa association  tion association  in  Burnley  (where  he  resided)  professed  to  be  hostile  to  all  combinations.  But  with  what  grace  could  a  combined  Society  profess  to  be  opposed  to  the  principle  of  combination.  As  wdll  might  the  staggering  drunkard  say  he  was  opposed  to  drinking  and  that  he  was  a  friend  to  teetotalism.  Mr.  MArrnEw  having  addressed  the  assembly,  Mr.  GEORGE  HOWELL  referred  to  a  meeting  held  last  night  at  Holmfirth,  Yorkshire.  An  Independent  minister  in  that  locality  (the  Rev.  J.  Macfarlane)  being  solicited  to  preside  over  that  meeting,  he  wrote  to  Mr,  Thomas  Miller,  the  champion  of  the  millowners  of  Preston,  in  order  to  ascer ascertain  tain ascertain  whether  a  reduction  of  wages  took  place  in  1849,  and  whether  the  millocracy  of  Preston  gave  any  pledge  to  re restore  store restore  the  amount  when  trade  revived.  Mr.  Miller's  reply  was  as  follows  ;  The  wages  were  reduced  in  1849,  but  no  promise  was  made  by  the  general  body  of  the  masters  to  raise  the  wages  again  at  a  future  time.  We  ourselves  made  none,  and  I  know  many  others  who  made  no  such  promise.  There  may  have  been  some  individual  cases,  where  some  such  hopes  may  have  been  held  out  at  that  time  ;  but  I  believe  them  to  have  been  very  few  in  number.  lam  aware  that  such  a  state statement  ment statement  as  that  alluded  to  has  been  frequently  made,  and  the  masters  have  had  it  in  contemplation  to  give  it  a  public  denial.  The  reason  they  hve  not  done  so  is,  that  they  think  it  unsuitable  to  meet  every  charge  which  is  made  against  them.  My  opinion  is,  that  it  is  desirable  to  place  the  fact  right  before  the  public,  and  I  believe  their  intention  is  to  do  so  the  first  opportunity.  There  has  been  a  consider considerable  able considerable  advance  of  wages  since  last  He  (Mr.  Cowell)  fully  believed  that  Mr.  Miller  never  made  any  such  promise.  But  he  would  tell  them  why.  He  did  not  think  that  any  operative  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Miller  ever  dared  to  stand  before  him  ;  if  he  had  attempted  such  a  thing,  he  would  be  told  to  put  his  coat  on  and  go  about  his  business,  (Hear,  hear.)  On  Tuesday  night,  he  (Mr.  Cowell)  attended  a  delegate  meeting  in  London.  The  trades  there  represented  expressed  their  determination  to  use  their  utmost  exertions  to  secure  subscriptions  in  order  to  feed  the  Preston  (Cheers.)  Having  completed  an  outline  of  his  mission  during  the  week,  Mr.  Cowell,  at  great  length,  referred  in  terms  of  condemnation  to  au  article  in  the  Times  of  Friday,  on  the  Preston  strike,  and  next  stated  that  tho  riot  which  took  place  at  Blackburn  last  week,  was  owing  to  the  Preston  manufacturers  going  over  to  that  town  for  the  purpose  of  inducing  the  Blackburn  masters  to  close  their  mills.  He  concluded  by  calling  upon  the  operatives  to  be  firm,  and  they  might  rest  assured  that  they  would  ultimately  gain  their  object.  After  several  other  speeches,  the  meeting  closed  with  three  cheers  for  the  ten  per  cent,  IRELAND  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  SATURDAY  EVENING.  THE  CLONMEL  ELECTION.  The  deputation  of  the  league  yesterday  met  what  the  Freeman  calls  a  large  body  of  the  electors  and  non-electors  of  the  Messrs.  Lucas,  Gray,  Duffy,  and  Father  O'Shea  addressed  the  meeting,  and  were  enthusiastically  received.  They  were  all  loud  in  their  deprecation  of  Mr.  John  O'Connell,  who,  however,  still  stands  his  ground.  It  has  been  since  ascertained  that  the  committee  of  electors  have  decided  in  his  favour,  and  the  respective  parties  belonging  him  and  to  the  League  were  very  near  coming  to  a  physical  encounter  on  yesterday  evening,  The  Tipperary  Free  Press  and  the  Telegraph  concur  in  representing  the  reports  of  the  Freeman  sent  from  Clonmel  as  a  tissue  of  mis misrepresentations—whilst  representations—whilst misrepresentations—whilst  they  themselves,  affirm  that  there  is  no  doubt  of  Mr.  O'Connell's  return,  and  that  the  greatest  enthusiasm  prevails  in  his  favour.  Dr.  Gray,  it  is  thought,  will  be  the  league  candi candidate,  date, candidate,  THE  WAY  IRISH  APPOINTMENT  S  ARE  MADE.—A  matter  at  present  pending  in  the  court  of  chancery  evinces,  to  say  the  least  of  it,  the  want  of  due  caution  shown  in  selecting  officials  for  Irish  ap appointments.  pointments. appointments.  You  may  recollect  that  some  time  ago,  I  stated  that  a  Mr.  Mae  Dougall  had  been  promoted  to  a  very  responsible  and  profitable  situation.  in  the  courts.  The  selection  was  made  by  the  .attorney-general,  whose  clerk  Mr.  Mac  Dougall  was.  It  has  now  come  out,  that  at  the  very  time  this  piece  of  good  fortune  happened  to  him,  a  proceeding  was  being  pressed  on  in  the  ,  court  of  chancery,  with  the  intent  of  striking  him  off  the  roll  of  attorneys,  to  which  profession  he  belonged.  The  accusation  against  him  is  that  he  prevailed  on  a  gentleman  whilst  in  a  state  of  lunacy  to  sign  certain  deeds  of  transfer  and  mortgages,  and  the  affair  will  shortly  undergo  a  lengthened  investigation,—a  preliminary  part  of  which  has  been  already.commenced.  People  are  very  free  in  their  censure  of  the  attorney-general,  to  whom  good  taste  would  certainly  have  dictated  a  post postponementcharacter  ponementcharacter postponementcharacter STYLE=superscript  was  perfectly  cleared.  sur  a  Tieelv  a  s  of  effected.  h  i  his  friend's  o  --`Other's.  The  ie.  appointment  p  le  p  iffe  o  en  i  n  eltiv  t  e  m  ihav:  e  tc.  n  ht_h  t  we  until  his  SINGULAR  INSURANCE  CASE—During  the  after aftersittings  sittings aftersittings  of  last  Trinity  term,  a  singular  case  against  the  London  and  County  Assurance  Company  came  on  in  the  Court  of  Common  Pleas.  The  plaintiff  !  was  a  Miss  Devereux,  and  the  action  was  brought  for  £1,500,  the  amount  of  a  policy  on.her  n2other's  ..  n  .  n  d  e  e  n  p  t  e  n  b  d  y  e  i  t  l  h  t  the  plaintiff  l  a  a  i  n  r.  t  r  i  e  t  .  l  •  --.-  guessed,  e  ;  'that  s.  13  lady  aeni  e  h  d  a  ,  v  i  i  t  n  b  g  e  died  s  a  i,,v  f  o  e  r  s.  n  v  ,  days  after  the  i^  r  :  el, STYLE=superscript  fi STYLE=superscript  o  et STYLE=superscript  u  h STYLE=superscript  s  esillstdn4gdetiees;  grounded  suddenly  f  dilfee STYLE=superscript  N  r STYLE=superscript  v  dor STYLE=superscript  I:  rno STYLE=superscript  i  . STYLE=superscript  :  n STYLE=superscript  il  . STYLE=superscript  c STYLE=superscript  c: STYLE=superscript  t  °ll STYLE=superscript  ,l  :sec:s:l-agent  ..  wd,  as  may  be  a  d  s  e  o  ce  n  as  tl  e  l  d  e  of  the  insurance  company  had  fill  notice.  It  also  appeared  that  the  plaintiff  ':yid  had  a  policy  almo  s  t  completed  •  ~  wail  another  • STYLE=superscript  company,  when  the  agent  for  the  London  and  county  e  s  t  a  bli  s  h  men  t  s  t  eppe  d  i  n  and  interfered  to  get  the  plaintiff's  patronage  for  his  own  employers.  Under  these  circumstances  the  ats  e  tawfi  few  same  time  d  i  a  aa  lgy  against  i.  a  no  s  s  1  bee  t.Td  oethr  ti  n  ehn  iigssno,  thelt  c  vh  o  ea  u  intc  solvency  s  ayu  e  s  io.  o  tt  fu  f  t  discu  s  s  i  o  n  fo  r  jury  at  once  found  for  the  pl  a  i  n  tiff,  b  u  t  a  mot  i  on  ia  f STYLE=superscript  t  n  h  o STYLE=superscript  t  I STYLE=superscript  s  e  ' STYLE=superscript  t  i  h  a STYLE=superscript  n  l  a  eu  n STYLE=superscript  s  e  o  t  id  ee  ay  levo  a  am  c  s  e  ps  ed  aomn  ed  ye:  ite  shi  ta  T  ne  tmouttEhe  improbable  pTh  E  rauo  w  sib.  s  kabsbe  l  F  hee  ß  na  O  ad  3  I  prue  T  b.  e  I  C  fll.  createdßoo  K  s  heremsEeYecie.  —  t  tibnheygeotnltvseiail  Danube,  i  n  e  ub  i  tbe  •  they  should  lodge  £1,500  in  co  ur  t.  a STYLE=superscript  e  b STYLE=superscript  il  l STYLE=superscript  i  e STYLE=superscript  gen  e STYLE=superscript  ce  e STYLE=superscript  ' STYLE=superscript  h  a STYLE=superscript  e  n STYLE=superscript  l  d  d STYLE=superscript  t  i STYLE=superscript  o  t STYLE=superscript  protest  against  the  dallying  course  pursued  by  the  goyernment.  A  proclamation  has  been  posted  up  for  10,000  volunteers  for  the  navy.  THE  FLOUR  TRADE  IN  IRELAND.--The  weekly.  arrivals  of  wheat  in  Dublin,  by  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway,  have  lately  averaged  12,000  sacks,  On  one  day  last  week,  9,700  sacks  were  lying  on  the  platform  at  the  King's  bridge  terminus.  Large  quantities  of  foreign  are  ground  at  the  mills  in  Cork  and  its.  vicinity,  and  forwarded  to  Dublin.  The  railway  company  have  been  unable,  on  some  occasions,  for  want  o.f  an,  adequate  supply  of  goods'  trucks,  to  despatch  at  once  the  extra  quantities  of  produce  offered  to  them  for  transmission,  _  .  THE  BISHOP  OF  JEausALEm.  —The  following  cir circular  cular circular  letter  has  been  addressed  to  the  several  clergy clergymen  men clergymen  of  the  diocese  of  Dublin,  Glendalough,  and  Kildare,  in  transmitting  to  them  copies  of  the  protest  adopted  by  the  four  archbishops  of  Eng England  land England  and  Ireland,  November  4,  1853.  REV.  AND  DEAR  SIR—I  forward  you  a  paper  drawn  up  and  signed  by  the  four  archbishops  of  our  church,  which  we  have  felt  ourselves  called  on  to  make  public.  You  will  observe  that  we  do  not  pretend  ourselves  to  pronounce  any  decision  as  to  the  complaints  that  have  been  made  of  Bishop  Gobat.  But  we  have  declared—what  we  certainly  are  competent  to  declare—that  the  charge  publicly  brought  against  him  did  not  emanate,  as  it  appeared  to  do,  from  any  authority  of  the  church,  •cc  For  myself,  I  have  not  become  minutely  acquainted  with  the  particulars  of  what  has  taken  place  at  Jerusalem,  but  I  have  not  learned  that  anything  the  bishop  has  done,  or  proposed  to  do,  is  at  all  at  variance  with  any  stipulation  made  at  the  first  establishment  of  the  bishopric.  It  does  not  appear  that  he  ever  claimed  authority  over  those  who  chose  to  adhere  to  a  different  communion,  or  assumed  any  terri territorial  torial territorial  titles  of  dignities  inconsist  en  t  with  the  just  rights  of  the  magistrate.  this  is  the  kind  of  claim  and  assumption  which,  when  recently  made  by  the  Pope  and  his  prelates  in  our  country,  excited  general  alarm  and  resentment.  But  it  was  well  known  that  the  Pope  and  other  ministers  of  his  church  always  invited  Protestants  to  join  that  church,  and  were  ready  to  receive  converts  into  it.  And  of  this  no  complaint  was  made.  Bishop  Gobat,  as  far  as  I  can  learn,  has  done  no  more  than  to  invite  and  receive  into  communion  with  our  *hose  who  consider  our  doctrine  and  worship  to  be  pure  and  scriptural,  and  who  wish  to  ronounee  what  every  sincere  member  of  our  church  must  regard  as  grievous  error.  I  am,  dear  Sir,  very  faithfully  yours,  (Signed)  Ijp.  -P  QL,..row  CO  URTS.-SATURDAY.  SMUGGLING.—Owen  Owens,  a  seaman,  was  convict  e  d  o  f  smuggling  lib.  14oz.  of  foreign  manufactured  tobacco,  which  was  found  concealed  on  his  person—of  the  value  of  18s.  9d.  Ile  was  ordered  to  pay  the  value  of  the  tobacco  or  be  committed  for  14  days.  Samuel  .Raddon,  seaman,  was  charged  with  smuggling  three-quarters  of  a  pound  of  tobacco,  which  was  found  in  his  pockets,  cut  up,  when  stopped  by  custoin.house  officer  on  the  Brunswick  d  oc  k  H  quay,  e  was  fined  7s.  6d.,  or  go  to  gaol  for  7  days.  STEALING  CorroN.—A  young  girl,  named  Catherine  Murphy,  was  convicted  of  stealing  cotton,  which  was  found  upon  her  when  apprehended.  She  has  been  committed  twice  before  for  the  same  offence.  She  was  sent  to  gaol  for  one  month.  PICKING  PoclcE9N—Ziward  Donovan  and  Tames  Conran  were  charged  with  picking  the  pockets  of  various  gentlemen  of  handkerchiefs  in  Leigh-street  and  Richmond-street,  at  half-past  seven,  on  Friday  evening.  When  arrested,  four  silk  handkerchiefs  were  found  on  the  person  of;  Donovan.—  They  were  both  sent  for  trial  to  the  sessions.  .  John  Santer,  Robert  Betts,  and  Moses  Turlong,  were  charged  with  picking  the  pocket  of  Mr.  John  Woodward  of  a  silk  handkerchief,  (in  Friday  evening  in  Tithebarn-street.  Joseph  Holmes,  a  private  watchman,  saw  the  three  priso prisoners  ners prisoners  endeavouring  to  pick  several  gentlemen's  pockets,  and  at  length  perceived  Betts  accomplish  his  purpose;  he  at  once  arrested  him  and  took  the  handkerchief  from  him,  which  Mr,  Woodward  identified.  Betts,  who  had  been  six  times  before  committed,  was  sent  for  trial  to  the  sessions,  the  other  two  prisoners  were  ordered  to  bo  imprisoned  for  ono  month  each.  ROBBERY  OF  AN  EMPLOYER.—George  Williams  was  ar arrested  rested arrested  betwen  five  and  six  o'clock  on  Friday  evening,  at  a  brothel  in  a  lane  off  Dale-street,  by  detective  officer  Scott,  having  in  his  possession  five  new  silk  handkerchiefs  and  seven  pairs  of  gloves  ;  he  endeavoured  to  account  for  this  property  by  saying  that  he  was  a  dealer  in  such  articles.  The  officer  subsequently  made  inquiries,  the  result  of  which  was,  that  the  goods  were  identified  by  Messrs.  Cook  and  Townshend  of  Byrom-street.  The  manager  in  their  establishment  proved  that  on  Friday  morning  prisoner,  who  had  been  in  their  employ employment,  ment, employment,  was  discharged  for  being  drunk  ;  the  value  of  the  goods  produced  was  altogether  two  pounds  ten.  The  prisoner  was  sent  for  trial  to  the  sessions.  COMMITMENTS.  —Mary  Simpson  convicted  of  stealing  3  lbs.  of  butter  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Henry  Thompson,  8,  St.  James's-place,  was  sentenced  to  be  imprisoned  21  days.  Isabella  Johnson  was  charged  with  stealing  a  bonnet  and  counterpane  from  the  house  of  a  woman  named  Johnson,  in  Albion-street.  Prisoner  was  lodged  for  charity  on  Thurs Thursday,  day, Thursday,  and  on  Friday  evening  at  dusk  she  absconded  with  the  property.  Ordered  to  be  imprisoned  for  21  days.  John  Swan,  a  little  boy,  for  knocking  down  a  girl  of  about  his  own  age,  in  Stanley-street,  and  robbing  her  of  seven sevenpence,  pence, sevenpence,  was  sentenced  to  21  days'  imprisonment.  Mary  Ann  Ryan,  a  girl  of  the  town,  arrested  in  Preston Prestonstreet  street Prestonstreet  on  Saturday  evening,  running  away  with  a  watch  on  her  person,  supposed  to  be  stolen,  was  remanded  for  seven  days.  .  .  James  Allen  for  stealing  24  lbs,  copper  from  Bandon  grav graving  ing graving  dock,  21  days'  imprisonment.  THE  ALLEGED  ILL,IISAGE  OP  SEAMEN  ON  BOARD  THE  AMERIC4N  PACKET-MP:  GREAT  WESTERN.  --John  _Forde,  second  mate  on  board  the  above  ship,  was  brought  up  on  the  charge  of  ill  treating  men  upon  the  high  seas,  who  are  now  in  the  Northern  hospital,  Mr.  Bluck  defended  the  prisoner.  It  was  decided  that  the  vessel  being  American,  the  magistrates  had  no  jurisdiction,  and  the  case  should  be  referred  'to  the  American  consul,  The  officer  said  that  he  had  applied  at  the  office  and  was  told  the  consul  could  not  interfere.  MANCHESTER.:  WAREHOUSE  ROBBERY.  —On  Saturday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  Manchester,  two  men,  named  Thomas  Garstang  and  Joseph  Rawson;  were  charged  with  having,  on  the  previous  day,  stolen  18  yards  of  wrappering,  of  the  value  of  375.,  the  property  of  Mr,  Thomas  Forshaw,.  packer,  Palace-street  Buildings,  Inspector  Maybury  l  of  the  deteotive  department,  stated  that  in  consequence  of  information  he  had  received  he  went  on  the  previous  day  to  the  warehouse  of  Mr.  Forshaw,  and  as  did  so  ho  saw  the  prisoner  Rawson  standing  in  an  entry  about  20  .yards  from  the,  warehouse,  with  a  sheet  of  wrappering  and  a  rope  under  his  arm.  Rawson  was  looking  toward  Forshaw's  warehouse.  Witness  then  situated  himself  so  as  to  command  a  view  of  the  doors  of  the  warehouse,  and  in  a  few  minutes  afterwards  he  saw  the  prisoner  Garstang  come  out  of  the  engine‘house,  and  walk  in  the  direction  to  where  they  had  seen  Rawson  standing.  They  remained  there  for  a  couple  of  minutes  or  so,  when  Rawson  came  out  with  a  bundle  of  wrappering  upon  his  back,  tied  round  with  a  rope,  and  went  towards  Palace-street  with  it,  When  he  had  got  a  few  yards  from  the  warehouse  Garstang  came  out.  Witness  followed  him,  passed  him,  and  followed.  Rawson,  who  was  carrying  in  his  hand  a  piece  of  paper.  He  followed  him  to  a  cellar  in  Queen-street,  into  which  he  went,  and  returned  directly  afterwards  without  the  bundle,  but  he  had  a  piece  of  wrappering  and  a  rope  in  his  hand,  similar  to  those  he  had  when  witness  first  saw  him.  Witness  then  went  up  to  him  and  took  him  into  custody.  Ile  told  him  he  wos  charged  with  stealing  a  piece  wrappering"
