text
"m  ORNIN  G-  P  0  S  'F  LONDON  DAILY  NEWSPAPER  In  consequence  of  the  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  Duty,  the  MORNING  POST  charges  will  be  on  the  following  reduced  and  reasonable  scale  :  s.  d,  Tradesman's  Advertisements,  five  lines  and  under  ....  2  6  Every  addional  line  ...  .  ..  Servants'  Advertisements,  Four  Lines  ....  :  ......  1  0  A  corresponding  reduction  is  made  in  all  other  classes  of  advertisements.  _  For  a  series  of  Advertisements  for  the  Year,  Half-year,  or  Quarter,  contracts  may  be  made  on  a  moderate  reduction  o  he  scale  price.  As  a  medium  for  Advertisements,  the  MORNING  POST  offers  the  greatest  advantages  for  the  speedy  and  extensive  publicity  of  all  announcements  addressed  to  the  affluent  and  purchasing  portion  of  the  community,  especially  the  nobility,  gentry,  and  monetary  interests  of  the  country.  The  circulation  of  this  long-established  Journal,  embraces  the  most  influential  classes  of  society—the  Political,  the  Aristocratic,  and  the  Commercial.  A  consistent  Advocate  of  Conservative  Progress,  and  Con Constitutional  stitutional Constitutional  Liberty—whilst  it  maintains  strongly  Estab Established  lished Established  Principles,  in  Church  and  State—it  constantly  seeks  out  error,  and  promotes  its  reformation.  It  contains  the  FULLEST  and  LATEST  intelligence  of  every  description,  whether  POLITICAL,  COMMERCIAL,  CLERICAL,  LEGAL,  or  FASHIONABLE,  with  all  news  relating  to  ARTS,  SCIENCES,  and  LITERATURE.  Experience  has  shown  that  the  MORNING  POST  possesses  by  far  the  most  reliable  information  on  every  important  poli political  tical political  subject  of  the  day.  In  its  FOREIGN  INTELLIGEMCE  especially,  it  has  been  distinguished  by  remarkable  rapidijy,  and  by  the  accuracy  of  its  information,  derived  from  the  best  sources.  Combining  with  its  Political  features,  Ann  THE  NEWS  OF  THE  DAY,  down  to  the  latest  hour  of  going  to  press  each  morning,  it  has  long  enjoyed  a  circulation  and  reputation  essentially  European.  Wellington-street  North,  Strand,  August  27,  1853."
