text
"GLASGOW  ASSIZES.-TUESDAY  CHARGE  OF  MURDER.—James  Dawson,  was  charged  with  assaulting  Christian  Cockburn  or  Dawson,  his  wife,  by  cutting  her  on  the  neck  and  shoulder  with  a  razor,  with  intent  to  murder,  or  do  her  a  grievious  bodily  injury.  Found  guilty  of  assault  at  common  law,  and  sentenced  to  transportation  for  life.  .GAttnoTTING.--Edward.  Sharley,  convicted  or  attacking  and  assaulting  Mr.  James  Johnstone,  a  leather  merchant,  in  Glas Glasgow,  gow, Glasgow,  and  robbing  him  of  a  gold  watch,  &amp;c.,  was  sentenced  to  eight  years  penal  servitude.  PHOTOGRAPHIC  SOCIETY.—A  meeting  of  this  so society  ciety society  was  held  last  night,  in  the  loyal  Institution.  Mr.  Curry  preSided,  and  congratulated  the  society  on  its  steady  growth,  its  members  now  numbering  over  190.  Some  excel excellent  lent excellent  specimens  of  photographs  on  coloured  glass,  were  exhi exhibited  bited exhibited  by  Mr.  Keet,  and  a  brief  discussion  ensued,  several  members  stating  their  experience  in  the  matter  as  to  whether  gutta  percha  could  be  made  available  for  this  pur purpose.  pose. purpose.  Mr.  Forrest  exhibited  a  portable  apparatus  for  taking  views  in  the  open  air,  and  called  attention  to  a  camera,  pre presented.by  sented.by presented.by  Mr.  Atkinson,  to  the  society.  It  has  been  recently  invented  in  France,  and  is  called  after  its  inventor,  a  Mr.  Berry  .  then  read  a  paper  on  the  patents  of  lir.  Fox  Talbot,  and  an  interesting  discussion  ensued,  as  to  the  real  right  of  Mr.  Talbot  to  several  of  the  discoveries  claimed  by  him.  It  seemed  to  be  the  opinion  of  the  meeting,  however,  that  by  the  permission  recently  given  by  Mr.  Tal Talbot,  bot, Talbot,  likenesses,  according  to  his  process,  might  be  multiplied  to  any  extent,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  sale.  LIVERPOOL  ROYAL  INFIRMARY—SCHOOL  OF  MEDI MEDICINE.—The  CINE.—The MEDICINE.—The  present  session  commenced  on  Saturday  last,  when  a  lecture  was  delivered  at  the  School  adjoining  the  Infirmary,  by  James  Long,  Esq.,  the  lecturer  on  anatomy  and  physiology,  on  the  difference  between  organised  and  inorganic  substances  the  object  being  to  point  out  wherein  really  consists  the  distinction  between  these  two  realms  of  nature;  and  to  give  a  sketch  of  the  different  forms  of  the  de development  velopment development  of  the  vital  forte,  following  it  through  the  stages  of  birth,  growth,  declin  e  ,  d  ea  th,  a  n  d  decay,_  which  form  the  outline  of  the  history  of  all  organised  substances;  life  being  transmitted  from  one  generation  of  living  creatures  to  an another,  other, another,  but  originally  arising  only  as  the  result  of  a  direct  act  of  creative  power.  The  Lecturer  closed  with  a  brief  appeal  to  those  now  studying  medicine  to  do  so  thoroughly,  and  for  themselves  to  give  all  due  heed  to  what  is  taught,  and  to  re reduce  duce reduce  all  to'  the  test  of  real  experience  and  observation.  ECCLESIASTICAL  APPOINTMENTS.—Yesterday,  at  the  DioCesan  Registry,  St.  James's-square,  the  Right  Rev.  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Manehester  licensed  the  Rev.  Wray  Richard  Hunt,  8.A.,  to  the  stipendiary  curacy  of  St.  Paul's  Church,  Preston,  on  the  nomination  of  the  Rev.  Samuel  Flood  Page,  the  incumbent.  Also,  the  Rev.  Joah  Bates  Wakefield,  for formerly  merly formerly  curate  of  Prestwich  Church,  to  the  perpetual  curacy  of  South  Shore,  near  Blackpool,  on  the  nomination  of  John  Taldot  Clifton,  Esq.,  of  Lytham  Hall,  the  'patron.  HORPORHEY  LITERARY  INSTI  T  UTE  .-A  public  meet meeting  ing meeting  for  the  purpose  of  inaugurating  this  institute,  was  held  on  Monday  night,  in  the  Horporhey  Church  school-room.  The  meeting  was  addressed  by  the  Right  Rev.  the  Lord  Bishop  of  Manchester,  Mr.  William  Fairbairn,  C.E.,  Mr.  Malcolm  Ross,  Mr.  Thomas  Clegg,  Mr.  Joseph  Simpson,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  FUGITIVE  SLAVES  IN  CANADA.—Last  night,  a  meet meeting  ing meeting  was  held  in  Grosvenor-street  Chapel,  Manchester,  on  behalf  of  the  Canadian  Institution  for  fugitive  slaves.  The  Rev  S.  R.  Ward  (a  gentleman  of  colour)  explained  the  ob objects  jects objects  of  the  institution,  and  described  the  destitute  condition  of  the  escaped  slaves  on  their  arrival  from  the  scene  of  their  bondage.  The  meeting  was  addressed  by  several  other  gen gentlemen.  tlemen. gentlemen.  THE  WEAVERS'  STRIKE.--Yesterday  morning,  175  of  the  power  loom  weavers  who  have  been  for  some  time  out  on  strike,  resumed  work  with  their  former  employer,  Mr.  Morris,  Temple-street,  Manchester.  It  will  be  remembered  by  our  readers  that  the  hands  asked  for  an  advance  of  10  per  cent.  upon  their  wages,  and  Mr.  Morris  has,.we  are  informed,  granted  them  an  advanctr  of  5  per  cent.  It  is  expected  that  in  a  very  short  time,  an  amicable  arrangement  will  be  come  to  between  Messrs.  Miller  and  Mitchell,  (who  have  factories  in  Alum-street,  Jersey-street,  and  Chapel-street,)  and  their  hands,  now  on  strike,  about  330  in  number.  .  IMPUDENT  ROBBERY  OF  A  TlLL—Yesterday  fore forenoon,  noon, forenoon,  Mrs.  Sykes,  landlady  of  the  Dog  and  Partridge  pub public-house,  lic-house, public-house,  Hennel-street,  Manchester,  left  the  bar  for  a  short  time,  being  under  the  impression  that  she  had  locked  the  drawer  of  the  till,  which  contained  about  n  0  in  silver,  some  gold,  a  watch  chain,  &amp;c.  On  coming  down  stairs,  she  found  a  person  in  the  house  who  called  for  two-pennyworth  of  gin,  which  was  supplied  to  him.  On  his  leaving,  it  was  found  that  the  till  had  been  robbed,  and  since  then,  no  tidings  have  been  received  either  of  the  robber  or  the  money.  THE  WAGES  MOVEMENT.—The  ten  per  cent.  agitation  continues  to  spread,  and  the  principal  trades  of  Bolton  are  soliciting  an  advance  of  wages.  At  several  of  the  Cotton  mills  the  operatives  have  succeed succeeded  ed succeeded  •in  getting  the  desired  advance  ;  at  others,  the  mas masters  ters masters  have  given  five  per  cent  ;  and  at  one  or  two,  the  employers  have  hitherto  refused  to  make  any  concession.  The  maker-up  bleachers  at  one  establishment,.that  of  Mr.  Cross,  Mortfield,  are  out  on  strike.  On  Monday  morning,  the  Caddow  manufacturers  closed  their  weaving  shops,  the  men  having  previously  given  a  fortnight's  notice  of  their  intention  to  strike,  if  they  did  not  obtain  an  advance  of  one  penny  in  the  -shilling.  The  masters  allege  that  only  part  of  the  men  intended  to  strike,  and  that  those  who  remained  at  work  were  to  contribute  to  the  support  of  those  on  strike.  In  consequence  of  the  locking-up  of  the  shops,  the  head  quilt  weavers  held  a  meeting  in  the  T  em  p  erance  Hall,  on  Monday.  There  was  a  strong  muster  of  the  operatives,  and  the  utmost  unanimity  prevailed,  a  series  of  resolutions  were  proposed  and  adopted  ;  and  it  was  unanimously  agreed  that  the  men  should  remain  out,  until  the  employers  would  concede  their  Mit  demands.!'  The  power-loom  weavers  in  the  e  m  pl  o  y  o  f  essrs.  Hargreaves  Brothers  are  out  on  strike.  Some  appre apprehension  hension apprehension  is  felt  lest  the  continued  strikes  should  lead  to  some  serious  disturbance  on  the  part  of  the  operatives,  but  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  the  authorities  will  take  ample  precautions  for  the  preservation  of  peace.  SANITARY  PRECAUTIONS  IN  SALFORD.—The  Special  Sanitary  Committee  of  Salford  have  instructed  the  Town  Clerk  of  the  Borough,  to  take  legal  proceedings  against  several  persons  in  Pendleton,  for  causing  nuisances  by  the  keeping  of  pigs.  A  medical  certificate  was,  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  Committee,  presented,  stating  that  the  boundary  ditch  between  Salford.  and  Pendleton,  was  in  a  state  •so  filthy  as  to  be  detrimental  to  the  health  of  the  public.  Tlie  Town  Clerk  was  instructed  to  . STYLE=superscript  summon  the  owners  of  the  land  adjoining  the  ditch,  with  a  view  to  the  removal  of  the  nuisance  complained  of.  The  Broughton  inspector's  first  report  was  submitted  to  the  Committee,  and  made  reports  respecting  no  fewer  than  30  cases  of  nuisances,  such  as  stagnant  water,  accumulations  of  manure,  filthy  passages,  &amp;c.  Orders  suited  to  the  circumstances  of  the  several  cases  were  made  by  the  Committee.  The  requisite  legal  notices  have,  been  served  upon  the  owners  of  manure  wharfs,  at  the  Bolton  canal,  near  to  Ordsall-lane,  with  a  view  to  their  removal.  One  of  the  medical  officers  made  a  report,  and  presented  a  certificate  as  to  the  unhealthy  condi condition  tion condition  of  several  premises  in  the  borsourb  :  owl  z-----;  , STYLE=superscript  /ings  were  0  rd,,,...a  e.  b.  inatittaea  by  the  Town  Clerk  against  the  owner  s.  NEW  PATENTS.—The  following  patents  amongst  other's,  were  sealed  during  the  week  ending  October  Ist,  1853.  Lot  Faulkner,  of  Cheadley  in  the  county  of  Chester,  machinist,  for  certain  improvements  in  the  method  of  ob obtaining  taining obtaining  motive  power;  dated  30th  March,  1853.  Henry  Spencer,  manager,  Henry  Tattersall,  mechanic,  and  Hugh  Simpson,  carder,  all  of  Rochdale,  in  the  county  of  Lancas Lancaster,  ter,- Lancaster,  for  certain  improvements  in  machinery  or  apparatus  for  preparing  and  spinning  cotton  and  other  fibrous  materials  ;  dated  Ist  April  1853.  Robert  Heath,  of  Betley,  in  the  county  of  Stafford,  for  improvements  in  Railway  breaks,  and  sig signals  nals signals  ;  dated  29th  March,  1853.  Lawrence  Frederick  Keomh,  of.  Liverpool,  in  the  county  of  Lancaster,  cotton  broker,  for  improvement  in  Looms  for  weaving  ;  dated  , STYLE=superscript  29th  March,  1853.  John  Radcliffe,  of  Bradford  in  the  county  of  Lan Lancaster,  caster, Lancaster,  manager,  for  improvements  in  Looms  for  weav weaving;  ing; weaving;  dated  31st  March,  1853.  James  Tindlow,  of  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  in  the  county  of  Lancaster,  joiner,  for  improve improvements  ments improvements  in  beds  or  couches  for  sick  persons  ;  dated  4th  April.  1853.  William  Becket  Johnson,  of  Manchester,  in  the  county  of  Lancaster,  manager,  for  improvements  in  steam,  and  in  apparatus  connected  therewith  ;  dated  4th  April,  1853:  Frederick  William  Mowbray,  of  Bradford,  in  the  county.  of  York,  Engineer,  for  improvements  .in  doubling  wool,  and  other  fibrdus  substances  ;  dated  2nd,  April  1853.  Richard  Longden  Hattersley,  of  Keighley,  in  the  county  of  York,  machine  maker,  for  improvements  in  machinery,  for  forging  iron  and  other  metals  ;  dated  2nd  June,  1853.  William  Hickson  of  Carlisle,  in  the  county'  of  Cumberland,  gentlpnap,  for  improvement  in  the  application  of  heat,  for  baking  and  — STYLE=superscript  drying  Imposes,  and  An-  the  .generation,  of  steam  ;  dated  Bth  August,  1853,—From  Mr.  John  Davios's  List."
