text
"boat  v  amer  came  up  stopped  previous  to  the  collision,  and  it  appeared  that  if  the  men  had  not  let  go,  or  had  0  the  st  the  collision  would  Ive  been  avoided.  ordingly  SMUGGLING  TODACCO.—..-  linEvitt,  convicted  of  smuggling  4- STYLE=superscript  enced,  the  male  prisoner  to  pay  18s.,  Y STYLE=superscript  and  imprisoned  for  a  month  each,  PICKING  POCKETS.—Jacob  Cadman,  convicted  of  picking  the  pockets  of  Anue  Felton,  on  Thursday,  at  \Vhitechapel,  was  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  for  three  months.  A  COCKNEY  FLEECED  IN  LIVERPOOL.—EIIen  Porter  and  Eliza  Myers,  were  charged  by  Robert  Barnby,  with  rob robbing  bing robbing  him  of  28  sovereigns  from  a  canvass  bag,  in  one  of  the  classical  purlieus  of  Williamson-square.  The  prisoner,  whose  jaunty  manners  and  rapid  utterance,  joined  to  an  pppect  c  wn  quietly  i(argaret  C  and  Patric)  Ss.,  or  to  be  caused  merriment  in  the  (  stated  that  he  was  a  mathematical  instrument  maker,  from  London,  and  walking  about  Liverpool  for  the  first  time  on  Thursday  evening,  thought  he  would  just  spend  half  an  hour  with  some  of  the  very  respectable-looking  females  he  met  in  Whitechapel.  He  encountered  a  lady  in  black,  whom  he  really  thought  a  highly  proper  person,  and  this  good goodnatured  natured goodnatured  individual  introduced  the  simple  denizen  of  Cock Cockaigne,  aigne, Cockaigne,  to  her  two  lady  friends,  who  now  figured  at  the  bar.  He  brought  the  modeit  t:  io  into  a  public  house,  and  treat  them  in  the  most  liberal  manner.  But  as  the  lady  in  bla  soon  after  levanted,  the  Londoner  became  suspicious,  a  thought  he  had  better  cut  the  company  he  was  in,  and  did  so.  He  walked  ruminating  about  for  twenty  minut  mgratulating  himself  on  having  got  rid  of  his  friends  s  isily,  but  suddenly  recollecting  that  he  had  not  tried  if  hi  Et,  he  felt  his  pocket,  and  found  he  had  got  rii  his  money  also.  The  Magistrate  said  as  twenty  minutes  had  elapsed  site  Ihw  - STYLE=superscript  as  rig  he  had  parted  from  the  prisoners  before  he  missed  his  Id  as  no  money  was  found  on  either,  he  should  dismiss  I  se,  with  a  warning  that  Liverpool  was  just  as  danger(  place  for  gentlemen  with  loose  cash,  as  the  great  metropc  ATTEMPTING  TO  ROB  A  llousE.—Mary  Ann  Dienleary.  was  charged  by  Thomas  Rogerson,  of  Great  Howard-street.  He  saw  her  go  up  his  back  stairs  late  on  Thursday  night,  and  on  following  her  he  found  on  her  person  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel,  cloaks,  coats,  and  shawls,  made  up  and  ready  for  removal.  She  was  ordered  three  months'  impri imprisonment.  sonment. imprisonment.  NUISANCE  BY  PIGS.  —A  number  of  persons,  over  twenty,  were  summoned  for  keeping  pigs  in  many  of  the  worst  localities  in  the  town,  and  fined  in  sums  varying  from  is.  to  10s.  each.  17NwuoLEsomE  —Archibald  Rice,  for  exposing  for  sale  unwholesome  oysters,  was  fined  twenty  shillings  and  costs.  Harriet  Higgins,  for  a  like  offence,  forty  shillings,  and  costs.  G.  Aikin,  for  having  unwholesome  fish  in  ill  market,  five  shillings  and  costs.  THE  FRUIT-STEALING  CASE  IN  GREAT  CHARLOTTE  STREET.—The  magistrates  were  engaged  yesteday  from  nom  till  three  in  the  afternoon,  in  the  further  investigation  of  this  singular  case.  The  prisoner  Riley  had  been  remanded  fo:  the  evidence  of  the  two  police  officers,  who  were  present  a  the  time  the  market  officer,  Lloyd,  arrested  him.  Yesterday  Sir  George  Stephens  appeared  for  the  defen'  The  same  attorneys  on  for  both  sides.  Police  officer  Francis  O'Neill,  TA  Charlotte-street,  near  the  fis,  past  twelve  o'clock.  Lloyd,  the  market  constable,  had  1  hold  of  prisoner  against  the  rails,  on  the  footway.  to  witness,  lay  hold  of  this  Ac  in  as  I  taken  prisoner,  Lloyd  ran  down  the  fish  avenu  and  IN  to  Grc  O.  deposed  that  I  market,  at  He  sal(  9  soon  as  he  h  It's  all  right  now.  Witness  looked  at  trait  baskets  with  Lloyd,  but  they  did  not  find  from  whence  the  fruit  was  taken.  By  Sir  George  Stephens—Knew  prisoner  to  be  privat  watchman  for  five  years,  during  which  time  he  bore  a  goc  character;  deponent  was  a  witness  in  the  case  of  Greenfie]  v.  Sykes  ;  that  case  has  caused  much  annoyance  and  disturl  ante  in  the  neighbourhood;  knows  Mr.  Luya,  the  superir  for  Sykes,  and  lent  of  the  market;  heard  's  employment  through  being  a  witne  iat  he  had  watched  for  Mr.  Reeves  up  to  the  time  that  tti  breaking  of  Mr.  Svkes's  windnwa  occurred.  o  iti  r.  Almond  :  Was  witness  for  Sykes  all  through  the  three  trials.  Mrs.  Reeves  was  re-examined,  and  deposed  that  there  vas  no  property  of  fruit  on  either  side  of  Great  Charlotte Charlottetreet  treet Charlottetreet  on  Wednesday  night  but  theirs.  No  wholesale  dea-  lers  but  themselves  had  fruit  of  a  similar  description  to  the  pears  produced.  Riley  has  been  dismissed  since  the  window windowbreaking  breaking windowbreaking  case  was  tried.  Knows  some  of  the  gentlemen  Int  frequent  Porter's  house  by  sight;  knows  Mr.  Sorton,  Mr.  George  Taylor,  and  Mr.  Boyce.  Sir  George  'Stephens  then  addressed  the  Court  for  the  defence.  He  said  :  He  should  unfold  facts  which  would  prove  this  charge  to  be  wickedly,  vindictively,  maliciously,  cunningly,  and  spitefully  concocted.  Got  up,  in  fact,  to  damage  his  client,  and  defeat  his  evidence  in  another  Court.  The  learned  counsel  in  continuation  referred  to  the  case  of  v.  in  which  the  prisoner  was  the  principal  witness  for  the  defendant.  A  verdict  had  been  given  in  favour  of  the  defendant  at  the  County  Court,  when  he  received  damages  to  the  amount  of  £4O.  The  matter  had  been  removed  to  the  Conrt  of  Queen's  bench,  and  a  rule  nisi,  for  a  new  trial  granted.  The  prisoner  would  be  re required  quired required  as  a  witness,  and  he  (Sir  George)  contended  that  the  present  proceeding  was  the  result  of  a  conspiracy  to  prevent  the  prisoner  from  giving  evidence.  The  learned  counse  l STYLE=superscript  further  stated,  that  Mr.  Luya  ,  the  market  superintendent,  He  had  was  a  party  concerned  against  the  prison(  been  the  cause  of  a  man  named  Smith  and  the  prisoner  bein  e  dismissed  for  the  evidence  they  gave  in  the  case  of  v.  the  consequence  Orwhich  was  that  a  complaint  had  been  made  to  the  Market  Committee  of  the  conduct  of  Mr.  Luya,  and  an  investigation  was  about  to  take  place,  in  which  the  prisoner  would  be  a  principal  witness.  This  fact  further  proved  a  conspiracy,  and  a  desire  to  prevent  the  prisoner  from  giving  evidence.  The  learned  counsel  having  spoken  at  considerable  length  in  support  of  the  alle allegation  gation allegation  of  a  conspiracy  on  the  part  of  the  prosecution,  called  Mr.  Sykes,  publican,  Great  Charlotte-street,  who  deposed  to  the  investigation  which  was  about  to  take  place  before  the  Market  Committee,  in  which  the  prisoner  would  be  the  principal  witness  against  Mr.  Luya.  Other  witnesses  having  been  examined,  _  _  _  _  .  The  Magistrates  said  that  the  case  against  the  prisoner  seemed  to  be  a  very  clear  one.  Fruit  to  a  considerable  value  had  been  missing  from  time  to  time,  and  nothing  had  transpired  to  shake  the  testimony  which  Mrs.  Reeves  had  so  consistently  given.  Lloyd,  the  market  constable,  it  appeared  to  them,  was  the  natural  party  to  be  employed  on  such  an  occasion,  and  his  evidence  was  unshaken,  and  he  had  caught  the  prisoner  in  the  fact.  They  had  given  a  great  deal  of  attentive  consideration  to  the  matter,  and  they  might  per perhaps  haps perhaps  be  inclined  to  deal  with  it  summarily,  but  as  a  case  of  conspiring  had  been  endeavoured  to  be  set  up,  they  could  not  think  of  finally  disposing  of  the  matter,  but  believed  they  were  acting  more  justly  to  alliparties  by  sending  it  for  trial  by  a  jury.  Riley,  the  prisoner,  was  subsequently  bailed  to  stand  his  trial  at  the  sessions,  himself  £2U,  and  two  sureties  in  £lO  PUBLICANS'  CASES.  üblicans,  and  twenty-nine  been:  house  keepers  summoned  by  inspectors  Siermer  and  Chew,  and  sub subconstables  constables subconstables  Wilson,  Thompson,  M'Grain  and  Southwell,  for  Sunday  trading.  The  following  were  fined:—  Joseph  Conevile,  publican,  Marybone,  is.  and  Is.  costs.  Margaret  Edwards,  publican,  Fazakerley-street,  Is.  and  is  costs.  t,  10s,  Ann  _Lough,  publican,  Button-street,  ls.  and  ls.  costs  Ann  Wilson,  American  Hotel,  Washington-st  and  4s.  6d.  costs  Ur.  Ar  them  t"
