text
"rise  on  the  closing  pric  ie  close  on  the  Th  10c  for  account;  on  the  Four  and  a  a  the  e  for  Credit  Mo  sh,  and  3115  c  for  account  ;  of  ;hares  140  f  for  cash,  and  160  )unt  ;  Orleans  Railway  100  f  for  cash,  and  72f  50c  for  orthern  Ra  y,  47f  50c  for  for  ac  i  Railway  a  Medi-  terranean  951  for  cash,  and  75f  fo  Western  47f  50c  for  cash,  and  5  Great  as  these  advances  are,  a  would  probably  have  taken  place  i  been  kept  open  longer  Arni  account  ;  and  for  account  still  greater  one  f  the  Bourse  had  t  the  public  the  great  spread  like  tion—K  pected,  se.  „hat  the  _French  h  to  be  very  'enthusiastically  dew  . STYLE=superscript  a  political  eing  t  e  never  professed  dto  the  war.  In  _  oint  of  view,  the  Bonapartists  seem  rather  annoyed  ;  the  -Legitimists,  Orleanists,  and  adversaries  of  the  government  in  general,  who  have  never  disguised  their  sympathies  for  Russia,  are  in  high  glee,—and  their  joy  is  not  a  little  increased  by  the  reflection  that  at  this  juncture,  peace  will  not  only  be  very  advantageous  to  Russia,  but  will  leave  England  diminished  in  glory  and  prestige,  and  with  her  past  disasters  unredeemed,  and  exposed,  at  no  distant  date,  to  the  vengeance,  not  only  of  Russia,  but  of  all  the  despotic  powers  of  Europe,  which  will  naturally  form  a  stronger  alliance  than  ever.  Amongst  political  men  I  have  scarcely  need  to  tell  you  their  opinion  is,  that  though  Russia  by  accepting  the  conditions  unconditionally,  has  made  an  immense  concession,  it  would  be  premature  at  the  present  moment  to  count  with  absolute  cer certainty  tainty certainty  on  the  termination  of  peace,  inasmuch  as  her  past  conduct  greatly  warrants  a  suspicion  of  her  good  faith;  and  besides,  her  acceptance  may  only  be  an  artful  design  to  prevent  the  alliance  of  Austria  with  England  and  France,  and  to  break  up  that  of  the  two  latter.  In  presence  of  the  great  and  astonishing  news  of  the  day.  everything  else  is  superseded.  It  may,  however,  be  mentioned,  that  the  Journal  des  Debats  declares  that  in  her  reply  to  the  Austrian  propo propositions  sitions propositions  transmitted  to  Vienna  (not  that  given  in  the  above-cited  despatch)  Russia  employed  most  conciliatory  language,  and  declared  more  than  once  that  the  Emperor  Alexander  was  most  anxious  for  peace,  in  order  to  develop  the  material  prosperity  of  his  Empire,  and  to  make  the  social  reform  of  which  his  people  has  need.  The  telegraph  says  that  Prussia  had  a  large  share  in  bringing  Russia  to  consent  to  the  propo propositions  sitions propositions  The  Spanish  Ministry  has  at  length  been  modi modified  fied modified  :—M.  Eeosura  has  been  nominated  to  the  Ministry  of  the  Interior,  M.  Lugan  to  that  of  Public  Works,  and  M.  Uria  to  that  of  Justice."
