text
"THE  CHOLERA.  [FRO3I  THE  GENERAL  BOARD  OF  HEALTH,  WHITEHALL.]  Newcastle,  Sept.  23  :  Deaths.  Cholera  Diarrhcea  Gateshead:—  Deaths.  Cholera..  •  Diarrhcea  .  The  total  number  of  deaths  from  cholera  and  diarrhoea  in  Newcastle  during  the  present  outbreak  has  been  1,062.  In  the  same  period  (viz  i  the  first  twenty-three  days)  during  the  prevalence  of  epidemic  cholera  there  in  1831-2  the  number  of  deaths  was  180.  The  total  number  of  deaths  from  cholera  and  diarrhoea  in  Gateshead  to  the  present  date  has  been  277.  During  the  like  period  (viz.,  the  first  seventeen  days)  in  1831-2  the  deaths  amounted  to  130.  THE  MAILS.—SOUTHAMPTON,  Saturday,  Sept.  24.  —The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Steam  Navigation  Company's  chartered  steamship  City  of  London,  Captain  J.  Cargill,  sailed  this  afternoon  for  Gibraltar,  Malta,  and  Constanti Constantinople,  nople, Constantinople,  touching  at  Lisbon,  to  land  the  following  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  passengers,  who  have  embarked  by  this  vessel,  viz  :  —The  Ex-Queen  of  the  French  Marie  Amelie,  the  Prince  and  Princess  de  Joinville,  and  the  Princess  Francoise.  These  personages  are  attended  by  the  Duc  de  Penthievre,  the  Duchesse  de  Maurice,  Comte  de  Montesquieu,  General  Comte  Dumas,  Mademoiselle  de  St.  Aubin,  Mademoiselle  de  Mussy,  M.  Trognon,  M.  L'Abbe  Guelle,  M.  de  Mussy,  Mademoiselle  Muser,  M.  Carnelle,  and  the  suite  consists  of  four  ladies'-maids,  four  footmen,  and  a  groom.  The  illus illustrious  trious illustrious  party  proceed  to  Portugal  to  pay  a  visit  to  the  King  and  Queen  of  that  -  kingdom.  They  were  accompanied  to  Southampton  by  the  Due  d'Aumale  and  several  other  members  of  the  ex-French  Royal  family  and  a  considerable  number  of  persons  assembled  in  the  docks  to  witness  the  embarkation.  The  City  of  London  takes  out  on  .freight  specie  value  £50,000  sterling,  and  250  tons  of  general  cargo.  The  screw  steamer  Douro,  from  the  Levant,  will  be  due  at  Southampton  on  or  about  the  sth  proximo.  The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Company's  steamship  Madrid  is  about  to  be  taken  off  the  Peninsular  mail  line  in  order  to  be  fitted  with  new  boilers.  Her  place  will  be  occupied  by  the  Sultan,  a  steamer  of  1,100  tons  and  400  horse  power.  Captain  Chapman,  recently  commander  of  the  Mag  dalana,  on  retiring  from  the  service  of  the  West  India  Mail  Com Company  pany Company  has  been  presented  by  the  directors  with  a  purse  con containing  taining containing  100  guineas,  as  an  appreciation  of  his  character  and  services  during  the  12  years  that  he  has  conducted  the  com command  mand command  of  the  several  ships  of  the  company.  MR.  LEVI'S  LECTURES  ON  COMMERCIAL  LAW.—  Yesterday,  Mr.  Leoni  Levi  was  announced  to  lecture  on  the  Law  of  Contracts,  at  the  Chamber  of  Commerce  ,  but  owing  to  the  attendance  of  persons  being  limited  to  two  or  three,  the  lecture  was  not  delivered.  It  is  announced  to  be  deli delivered  vered delivered  on  to  morrow.  Mr.  Levi's  lecture  at  the  College  Institution,  was  also  postponed."
