text
"DANZIC.  Emma  Heyn,  Schmeer,  Bahr  &amp;  Co,  Sept  8  B  Freiherr  Otter  Von  Monteuffel,  Bottcher,  Bahr,  Behrend  &amp;  Co.  Aug  30  .  _  ..  13  _  _  Freiherr,  Otto,  Von  Illantiietrell,  Botehel,  Bahr  &amp;  Co,  August  30  Von  WeickmOnn,  - STYLE=superscript  Brandoff,Bahr&amp;Co.  Septl3B  IjEMERARA  Lilly,  Havelock,  Poole  &amp;  CO.  or  Booker,'  September  20  ........  ..........  ........P  Parker,  Kennedy,  Sandbach  &amp;  Co.  Sept.  21..  P  Wanderer,  Hind,  Alurrays  &amp;  Co.  Sept  8  ..  B  ELSINEUR.  .  Alvine,  Peterson,  Bahr  &amp;  Co,  Sept  19  K  Euphrosyne,  Justeen,  Bahr  &amp;  Co.  Aug  19  Bkd  .  .  .  GRONINGEN.  Jacoba  Catherina,  Neiven.  Coghill  and  Co,  Sept  17..  GEELONG,  Ariadne,  Cockton,  M'Tear  Son  &amp;  Co.  Aug  5  P  Medora,  Preston  or  Cotesworth  Sept  3  G  Yarrow,  Greig,  NV  J  Fairclough,  Aug  26  Q  GENOA,  &amp;c.  _  Calpe  (s),  Wakeham,  Bibby  &amp;  Sons,  Sept  8  Cgd  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.-SEP.  27  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  SUGAR.—The  market  to-day  is  without  change,  and  the  sales  confined  .to  60  hhds.  of  Antigua  at  335.  9d.  to34s.  9d.  per  cwt.  MOLASSES.—Ninety  puncheons  have  been  disposed  of  from  the  quay,  but  the  prices  are  not  reported.  COFFEE.—A  tolerable  business  has  been  done  in  Maracaibo,  200  bags  of  good  ordinary  to  middling  sound  having  found  buyers  at  48s.  to  495.  per  cwt.  RICE  continues  in  active  request,  4500  bags  of  Bengal  hav having  ing having  been  taken  at  13s.  3d.  to  14s.  6d,  5,000  bags  of  Aracan  at  lls.  3d.,  and  700  bags,  with  all  faults,  by  auction,  at  7s.  to  10s.  6d.  per  cwt.  SALTPETRE.-600  bags  are  reported  at  265.  6d.  per  cwt.  TEA.—The  market  keeps  steady,  Some  few  parcels  of  kinds  of  Congou  have  been  placed  at  Is.  3d.  to  Is.  4d.  Com Common  mon Common  continues  dull  at  11d.  per  lb.  HrnEs  are  rather  dull  just  now,  and  little  business  was  done  at  auction  to-day.  4,000  dry  and  salted  Brazil  ox  and  cow  aro,  however,  reported  at  6d.  to  61,d.  per  lb.  TALLOW  continues,  very  firm,  and  58s.  per  cwt.  is  now  de demanded  manded demanded  for  arrivals.  COTTON.—The  sales  to  day  are  8,000  bales,  2,000  of  which  have  been  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export.  The  market  is  steady  and  closes  with  prices  remaining  mach  the  same  as  yesterday.  CORN.—(  From  Messrs.  Robert  Makin  and  Son's  Cir Circular.)—Unceasing  cular.)—Unceasing Circular.)—Unceasing  animation  continued  to  prevail  throughout  all  the  British  markets  during  the  past  week,  and  a  further  considerable  elevation  in  the  prices  of  Grain  and  Flour  of  every  description  was  distinctly  reported.—Moved  also  in  the  course  of  the  week  by  the  constant  rise  and  increasing  excitement  on  this  side  the  water,  the  trade  in  Ireland  has  at  length  made  a  strong  move,  and  althougn  supplies  of  new  Grain  from  native  growers  were  liberal,  the  demands  for  consumption  in  the  leading  markets  of  the  country  being  joined  to  large  and  active  operations  for  holding  over,  all  kinds  of  home  as  well  as  foreign  produce  were  greatly  improving  in  value;  even  Indian  Corn,  though  as  yet  in  very  light  consumption,  was  taken  eagerly  and  extensively  by  speculative  buyers,  in  anticipation  of  an  increased  demand  at  a  later  period  of  the  season  as  a  substitute  for  Potatoes,  the  failure  of  which  in  many  districts  is  reported  as  decided,  but  not  hitherto  in  all;  while  the  cereal  crops  in  the  south  are  confidently  represented  as  unusually  abundant;  those  in  the  north  not  being  thus  far  so  clearly  developed  as  to  form  an  accurate  opinion  upon  them.  The  weather  since  our  last  has  been  variable:  on  Sunday  we  had  a  violent  storm  of  wind  and  rain,  but  followed  by  a  brisk  drying  breeze  yesterday,  some  fields  of  Wheat  in  this  neighbourhood  were  cleared  in  fair  order,  and  to-day  is  again  fine.  The  moderate  arrivals  up  to  our  market  of  Friday-last  have  been  largely  augmented  since,  the  week's  import  of  Foreign  Wheat,  chiefly  American,  amount amounting  ing amounting  to  nearly  24,000  qrs.,  and  that  of  States,  Canadian,  and  Spanish  Flour  to  51,661  barrels,  and  3787  sacks;  the  fresh  supply  of  other  produce  from  abroad  being  light,  and  the  receipts  Coastwise  and  from  Ireland  small;  the  particulars  of  which,  with  the  exports  of  the  week  are  subjoined.  The  demand  for  WHEATS  AT  OUR  MARKET  TO-DAY  is  still  On  an  exten extensive  sive extensive  scale,  and  we  note  the  advance  since  Tuesday  last  6d.  to  9d.  per  bushel;  large  purchases  were  made  by  millers  from  the  interior,  and  some  parcels  were  taken  on  speculation,  but  the  great  bulk  of  the  business  was  to  consumers;  of  farmers  new  Wheat,  a  tolerable  number  of  samples  were  offered  this  morning,  and  the  quality  and  condition  being  mostly  good,  readily  obtained  the  annexed  quotations.—noun  is  2s.  and  2s.  6d.  per  barrel  and  3s.  and  4s.  per  sack  dearer  ;  the  sale  is  good,  but  not  extensive  this  morning  :  no  French  remains  on  the  market.  The  following  improvement  is  realised  upon  other  articles,  in  all  of  which  transactions  are  made  with  facility,  viz  :  BARLEY  6d.  per  601b5.;  OATS  2d,  and  3d.  per  45115.;  OATMEAL  25.;  6d.  to  3s.  per  load;  BEANS  3s.  to  3s.  6d.  ;  PEAS  4s.  to  ss.  MALT  3s.  ;  INDIAN  CONN  4s.  to  ss.  per  qr."
