text
"Tho  following  also  appeared  in  our  Second  Edition  of  yesterday.  LONDON.  Gold  is  about  0.38  per  cent.  dearer  in  Paris  than  in  London,  and  about  0.30  per  cent.  dearer  in  Hamburgh  than  in  London;  and  the  Exchange  at  New  York  is  nominally  0.08  per  cent.  against  Eng England,  land, England,  leaving  a  profit  on  the  transmission  of  gold  between  the  two  countries.  The  Times  city  article  states  that  the  alteration  in  the  demand  for  money  at  the  Stock  Exchange  has  led  to  applications  being  made  at  the  Bank  of  England  by  various  holders  of  the  dissented  Stocks  falling  due  in  January,  and  which  the  Bank  re recently  cently recently  notified  their  willingness  to  discount  at  3  per  cent.  IRELAND  [FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  DUBLIN,  WEDNESnAIr.  D'AUBIGNE  IN  DUBLIN.-13r.  Merle  D'Aubigne  lectured  last  night  to  a  large  audience  in  the  Scots  church,  on  the  state  of  religion  on  the  continent.  The  Dean  of  St.  Patrick's,  and  a  large  number  of  the  establishment  clergy  were  present,  and  the  chair  was  taken  by  Mr.  Anderson,  T.C.  The  speaker  having  been  introduced,  began  by  an  apology  for  his  inability  to  speak  English  well,  and  then  spoke  in  eulogistic  terms  of  the  glories  of  Great  Britain,  one  of  the  greatest  of  which  was  the  abolition  of  slavery.  He  then  proceeded  to  the  main  question,  and  said  that  there  was  a  battle  going  on  at  present  between  Romanism  and  Evan  gelism.  Having  spoken  of  the  exertions  of  the  London  Missionary  Society,  he  contrasted  with  it  the  attempts  of  the  papacy  at  universal  domination.  as  an  instance  of  which  he  cited  the  late  quarrel  between  the  editor  of  the  Univers  and  the  Arch-  bishop  of  Paris,  when  the  Pope  had  taken  the  side  of  the  former,  and  condemned  the  moderate  Galli Gallician  cian Gallician  opinions  of  the  latter.  Ecclesiastical  power  was  now  secured  in  France,  as  there  was  only  one  magistrate  in  every  commune,  and  he  was  a  priest.  The  speaker,  in  continuation,  referred  to  the  persecutions  of  Miss  Cunninghame,  in  Tus Tuscany;  cany; Tuscany;  but  that  lady  was  not  alone  in  her  suffering;  for  be  had  known  a  Mdlle.  Calandrine,  a  Genevese,  who  was  subjected  to  similar  treatment.  But  these  excesses  were  damaging  the  cause  of  Rome  on  the  continent,  and  alienating  the  subjects  from  their  rulers.  Having  made  some  allusions  to  the  internal  ceremonies  of  the  Roman  Catholic  Church,  Dr.  D'Aubigne  turned  to  England,  whose  great  strength,  he  said,  rested  in  her  attachment  to  the  Word  of  God.  Prussia  was  also  becoming  one  of  their  alliance,  and  in  the  south  of  France  they  had  numerous  followers.  The  speaker  having  concluded,  a  collection  was  made  in  aid  of  the  Evangelical  Society.  A  vote  of  thanks  was  passed  to  the  chairman,  and  the  meeting  separated.  Three  not  very  extensive  properties  were  sold  yesterday,  in  the  Incumbered  Estates  Court.  The  gross  sum  realised  was  £49,720.  The  first,  the  Drew  estate,  in  the  county  Limerick,  brought  32  years'  purchase,  the  other  two,  in  Clare  and  Mayo,  realised  only  15  years'  purchase  on  the  average.  THE  BOYNE  VIADUCT.—Sir  John  M`Neil  has  ad addressed  dressed addressed  a  letter  to  the  papers  denying  that  this  structure  is  in  an  unsafe  state.  OUTRAGE  IN  THE  NORTH.—The  system  of  agra agrarian  rian agrarian  disturbance  in  Ulster  is  on  the  increase,  and  although  the  Lord  Lieutenant  is  taking  steps  to towards  wards towards  assisting  the  local  magistrates  to  check  it,  misdeeds  seem  to  be  of  daily  committal.  As  a  se-  Fuel  to  the  outrage  on  Messrs.  Meigh  and  Ross,  on  riday  night  last,  a  poor  man  named  M•Mahon,  living  at  Crossmaglen,  near  Carrickmacross,  was  way waylaid  laid waylaid  and  beaten  to  such  an  extent  that  his  survival  was  not  expected.  Some  quarrel  connected  with  land  was  the  cause.  Ribbonism  is  also  said  to  be  spreading  amongst  the  railway  labourers,  and  on  the  Newiy  and  Enniskillen  line,  two  gangers  were  waylaid  and  severely  handled.  Some  uninhabited  houses  have  also  been  thrown  down  by  marauders,  and  altogether  active  measures  are  called  for  on  the  part  of  the  authorities  Special  constables  have  been  already  sworn  in,  and  an  additional  con constabulary  stabulary constabulary  force  will  be  quartered  on  the  disturbed  districts  A  NATIONAL  CALUMNY.—A  few  days  since  we  copied  into  our  Irish  news  an  announcement  that  a  Mr.  Mather  had  had  his  life  attempted  in  the  West  of  Ireland.  Mr.  Mather  had  purchased  pro property  perty property  under  the  Incumbered  Estates  Court,  on  which  he  had  gone  to  reside,  and  occasion  Was  taken,  in  making  the  announcement,  to  exclaim  against  the  national  character  for  the  disposition  to  violence  and  crime  in  which  alone  such  an  oc occurrence  currence occurrence  could  have  its  rise,  for  Mr.  Mather  was  described,  doubtless  very  justly,  as  a  model  of  a  citizen  and  landlord.  It  was  said,  ver3r  truly,  that  such  nett.  ',vie  injurious  to  'mil  progress.  Now  it  turns  out  that  this  story  is  without  a  particle  of  foundation,  and  that  at  the  very  period  Mr.  Mather  was  said  to  have  been  the  object  of  murderous  violence  he  was  quietly  enjoying  him  self  at  his  home—in  Scotland  !  The  same  journal  which  circulated  the  story—the  Daily  Express,  Dublin  paper—contradicts  it  as  entirely  without  foundation,  on  no  less  authority  than  that  of  the  Rev.  W.  Le  Poer  Trench,  the  rector  of  the  parish  in  which  Mr,  Mather's  property  is  situate,  and  a  near  relative  of  Lord  Clancarty.  Ireland  has  sins  enough  to  answer  for,  and  it  is  not  right  that  hideous  crimes  should  be  falsely  imputed  to  her  by  her  own  journalists,  to  render  her  more  ob obnoxious  noxious obnoxious  for  her  social  intemperance  and  crimes.  _  _  [The  Mr.  Mather  of  whom  our  correspondent  speaks  has  written  to  the  Times,  to  announce  that  he  is  alive,  and  has  not  been  killed.]  CHOLERA.—It  is  announced  now  that  cholera  has  positively  shown  itself  among  the  native  inhabi inhabitants  tants inhabitants  of  Cork.  On  Monday  there  were  three  cases.  THE  STRIKES.-  —The  strikes  have  extended  to  this  country,  and  the  labourers  in  the  Hibernian  Gas  Company's  works  have  struck  work  in  a  body  and  without  notice.  The  whole  body  acting  thus,  were  brought  before  the  police  magistrates  ;  and  these  judging  that  the  manner  of  the  strike  amounted  to  intimidation,  fined  the  whole  of  the  men  oel  each;  or  as  an  alternative,  imprisonment.  FALSE  IMPRISONMENT,Mr.  Carte,  a  young  man  in  the  ordnance-office,  Dublin,  brought  an  action  against  Mr.  Falkner,  for  false  imprisonment.  Mr.  Carte  and  two  companions  having  rowed  out  some  300  yards  to  sea,  at  a  place  near  Kingstown,  adjacent  to  Mr.  Falkner's  residence,  he  went  to  bathe,  He  was  not  successful  in  re-entering  the  boat,  which  he  nearly  upset,  and  he  then  swam  to  shore.  The  point  where  he  landed  was  in  front  of  the  windows  of  Mr.  F's  residence,  and  one  of  the  ladies  of  his  family  was  on  the  lawn.  There  was  not  any  indecent  exposure,  but  notwithstanding,  Carte  was  given  in  charge,  and  was  imprisoned  all  night.  The  jury  gave  him  00.  The  Northern  Whig  reports  the  bursting  of  a  steam  boiler  in  a  scuttle  mill  near  Portadown.  Thirteen  men  were  scalded  ;  two  are  since  dead.  PROTECTION  FOR  BRITISH  SUBJECTS  IN  FOREIGN  COUNTRIES.  A  public  meeting  of  the  members  and  friends  of  the  Pro Protestant  testant Protestant  Alliance  was  held  on  Tuesday  at  the  Freemasons'-  hall,  Great  Queen-street,  for  the  purpose  of  memorialising  her  Majesty's  government  on  the  aspect  of  Popery  abroad  towards  British  subjects.  The  chair  was  taken  soon  after  12  o'clock  by  the  Earl  of  Shaftesbury.  There  was  a  numerous  attendance,  the  proportion  of  ladies  present  being  much  smaller  than  is  usually  the  case  at  meetings  of  a  similar  description.  Among  the  gentlemen  present  were  :  Sir  C.  E.  Eardley,  Bart.,  the  Hon.  A.  Kinnaird,  M.P.,  the  Hon.  S.  E.  Curzon,  the  Hon.  Captain  F.  Maude,  Colonel  Alexander,  Admiral  Hawker,  Admiral  V.  Harcourt,  the  Rev.  Canon  Miller,  Mr.  A.  Haldane,  Captain  Trotter,  Major  Southerby,  Mr.  R.  B  Seeley,  the  Rev.  W.  H.  Rule,  Captain  Gisborne,  Dr.  Henderson,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Thomson,  &amp;c.  The  meeting  having  been  opened  with  prayor  by  the  Rev.  W.  Jenkinson,  The  noble  CRAIR3IAN  said,  the  object  of  the  meeting  would  not  require  any  very  long  explanation.  The  com committee  mittee committee  of  the  Protestant  Alliance  had  called  them  together  to  consider  a  very  simple  proposition,  arising  out  of  events  which  had  lately  occurred  upon  the  continent  of  Europe  in  Roman  Catholic  countries,  where  there  were  many  residents  and  travellers  who  were  natives  of  Great  Britain.  Those  events  had  very  materially  affected  the  rights  and  comforts  of  British  subjects,  and  the  committee  of  the  Protestant  Alliance  deemed  it  just  and  fair  that  they  should  demand  a  full,  clear,  and  satisfactory  explanation  of  the  position  of  British  subjects  in  those  countries,  and  a  full  and  ample  re recognition  cognition recognition  of  their  undeniable  rights.  (Cheers.)  It  was  not  his  intention  to  discuss  at  length  the  individual  cases  which  had  led  to  this  movement.  Gross  and  oppressive  as  those  cases  might  have  been,  he  would  only  refer  to  them  as  proofs  of  the  spirit  which  animated  certain  Roman  Catholic  governments,  and  as  instances  of  the  necessity  of  obtaining,  as  speedily  as  possible,  a  recognition  of  the  rights  of  British  subjects.  Without  pausing  to  discuss  the  question  of  Popish  aggression  as  it  had  recently  been  manifested  in  this  country,  and  still  more  recently  in  Holland,  it  could  not  have  escaped  the  observation  of  every  one  that  the  influence  of  the  Vatican  had  of  late  years  been  used  in  a  moss  decided,  pointed,  and  aggrocloiva  manner  for  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  of  stimulating  all  the  Roman  Catholic  governments  of  . STYLE=superscript  the  continent  to  measures  of  coercion,  and  even  of  inso insolence.  lence. insolence.  It  could  not  have  escaped  observation  that  the  mea measures  sures measures  were  ostensibly  intended  to  apply  to  the  subjects  of  those  goverments  had  in  a  great  me  asure  b  een  directed  against  Protestants  of  all  nations,  but  more  especially  against  the  Protestants  of  England.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  would  ask  them  first  to  consider  certain  provisions  of  the  new  penal  code  which  had  recently  been  declared  law  in  the  kingdom  of  Portugal.  If  there  was  upon  the  face  of  the  earth  a  nation  which  owed  a  deep  debt  of  gratitude  to  this  country,  it  was  Portugal.  (Hear,  hear.)  If  there  was  any  people  or  any  government  upon  whom  England  could  make  a  claim  with  the  full  assurance,  so  far  as  right  was  concerned,  that  such  claim  would  not  be  denied,  that  government  was  the  government  of  Portugal.  (Hear,  bear.)  The  people  of  England  were  told  by  i  the  govern government  ment government  of  Portugal  that  if  they  went  to  reside  n  Lisbon,  or  in  any  part  of  the  Portuguese  domi  n  i  ons  ,  an  d  celebrated  acts  of  their  worship  in  the  most  simple,  decent,  orderly,  and  even  private  manner,  they  were  liable  to  be  imprisoned  for  from  one  to  three  years,  and  to  be  subjected  to  a  fine  proportioned  to  their  incomes.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  did  not  know  whether  that  decree  was  most  audacious  or  most  in insolent—whether  solent—whether insolent—whether  it  was  intolerable,  or  whether  it  was  con contemptible.  temptible. contemptible.  (Hear,  and  cheers.)  This  he  knew,  ho  w wever—that  ever—that wever—that  the  people  of  England  would  not  allow  it  to  ex exsist  sist exsist  directed  against  this  country  (cheers)  ;  and  the  present  meeting  had  been  convened  in  order  that  public  opinion  might  be  expressed  upon  this  and  other  matters,  and  that  such  expression  might  be  conveyed  to  the  secretary  of  state  for  foreign  affairs—a  nobleman  who  he  was  sure  would  not  be  indifferent  to  an  appeal  which  related  to  the  religion  of  this  country  and  the  honour  of  its  people.  (Hear,.  hear.)  He  would  next  allude  to  the  kingdom  of  Spain.  This  country  had  done  quite  as  much  for  Spain  as  for  Portugal,  for  Spain  was  not  only  indebted  to  England  for  her  very  exis existence,  tence, existence,  but  was  also—though  that  was  a  lower  consideration  —under  great  financial  obligations  to  this  country.  Were  they  to  be  told,  then,  that  British  subjects  resident  in  Spain  were  not  to  be  allowed  the  rites  of  decent  burial,  but  that  they  were  to  be  thrust  out  of  sight  like  dogs  or  cats  (hear,  hear),  and  that  no  service  whatever  was  to  be  performed  over  their  remains  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  He  next  came  to  Malta,  a  British  possession,  in  that  island  a  new  code  had  been  issued  by  the  self-government  which  we  had  allowed  to  elist,  and  of  which  we  might,  as  conquerors,  have  deprived  the  people,  declaring  that  any  contempt  towards  any  of  the  doctrines,  rites,  or  ceremonies  of  the  Roman  Catholic  religion  in  that  island,  was  to  be  punished  by  periods  of  imprisonment,  vary varying  ing varying  from  3  to  6,  or  even  12  months.  (Hear,  hear).  He  would  next  refer  to  the  duchy  of  Tuscany.  The  Tuscan  code  ;extended  over  more  than  300  articles;  it  was  so  diffuse  that  few  people  could  read  it  ;  it  was  so  complicated  and  various  that  no  one  could  remember  it;  but  its  great  and  leading  principle  was  this  that  word,  and  speech,  and  action,  and  even  thought,  were  interdicted  to  everybody  who  might  be  living  under  the  authority  of  the  Grand  Duke.  (Hear,  hear).  By  the  words  of  that  code  Any  ;British  subject  being  in  the  dominions  of  the  Grand  Duke  of  Tuscany,  who  touched  upon  religious  doc doctrines,  trines, doctrines,  or  who  expressed,  even  in  secret,  to  a  friend  or  relation,  verbally,  or  by  letter—to  a  wife,  to  a  husband,  to  a  son,  or  to  a  daughter—any  religious  sentiments,  not  neces necessarily  sarily necessarily  controversial  or  polemical,  but  drawn  from  the  Gospel  of  the  blessed  God,  might  be  charged  with  an  offence  against  the  Roman  Catholic  church,  according  to  the  opin opinion  ion opinion  or  the  will  of  the  Jesuit  confessor  who  advised  the  Grand  Duke,  and  might  be  punished  by  fine  or  by  imprison imprisonment  ment imprisonment  for  10,  15,  or  20  years,  with  hard  labour,  and  in  some  instances  even  by  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  he  wanted  to  know  whether  this  was  to  be  permitted  ?  (Cheers.)  He  maintained  and  he  was  sure  those  whom  he  was  addressing  were  of  the  } STYLE=superscript  same  opinion,  that  wherever  the  Queen  had  a  representative  there  British  subjects  had  a  right  to  reside,  and  that  not  as  slaves,  or  in  a  state  of  miserable  obedience.  (Hear,  hear.)  Their  demands  were  very  simple.  They  demanded  for  British  subjects,  residing  or  travelling  in  Roman  Catholic  countries,  liberty  of  conscience  reli  religious  gious  religious  liberty  to  this  extent,  and  in  this  form  and  fashion—liberty  to  hold  communion  one  with  another  upon  all  rellgi3us  subjects;  liberty  to  exercise  private  wor worship  ship worship  within  their  own  houses,  and  with  their  own  servants  ;  liberty  to  have  their  places  of  public  worship  ;  liberty  to  have  the  Word  of  God,  to  ponder  over  it,  to  talk  over  it,  and  to  make  it  known  within  the  sphere  of  their  own  influence  ;  liberty  of  marriage,  of  baptism,  and  of  burial  —not  in  a  covert  and  secret  way—not  by  night,  as  if  they  were  com committing  mitting committing  some  monstrous  sin,  and  were  afraid  of  the  officers  of  justice—(hear,  hear);  but  openly,  fairly,  and  decently,  according  to  the  solemnities  required  in  this  country.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  They  asked  this  as  much  for  tlie  Roman  Catholics  as  for  themselves.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  principle  upon  which  the  Protestant  alliance  was  based  was  to  protest  against  coercion,  against  restriction,  against  the  suppression  of  God's  Word  in  every  region  of  the  earth,  whether  by  Roman  Catholic,  by  Protestant,  by  Turk,  by  Mahometan,  or  by  Italian.  (Rear,  hear.)  In  this  country  all  the  liberty  that  could  possibly  be  demanded  was  given  to  every  form  of  belief,  He  could  not  close,  however,  without  the  expression  of  a  hope  that  they  wo  u  ld  no  t  here hereafter  after hereafter  be  limited  by  ;the  ties  of  a  fellow-citizenship  to  exertions  on  behalf  of  one  people  and  of  one  language.  It  was  their  duty,  and  it  should  be  their  joy,  to  support  the  truths  and  spirit  of  Protestantism  all  over  the  world.  Why  should  they  be  less  bold  than  Queen  Elizabeth  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  Why  behind  Cromwell  ?  Why,  less  hearty  than  the  statesmen  of  1704,  who  demanded  and  obtained  the  right  of  intervention  for  the  faithful  of  the  valleys  ?  Why  less  energetic  than  Lord  Aberdeen,  who  said,  in  writing  to  Lord  Stratford,  the  defence  of  ou  r  co-religionists  is  .1-.4  7  4-  r  •  (1  4  ouu  cheers.)  Sir  C.  E.  EARDLEY  moved  the  following  resolution  :  the  unceasing  encroachments  of  the  Roniish  priest priesthood  hood priesthood  in  procuring  the  enactment  of  new,  and  the  revival  of  obsolete  laws  against  the  peaceable  profossinn  of  Protestant  Christianity,  in  countries  under  their  influence,  calls  for  decided  action  on  the  part  of  British  Protestants  in  order  to  the  se3urity  of  themselves  and  their  fellow-subjects,  while  residing  in,  or  travelling  .  through,  countries  where  the  re religion  ligion religion  of  Rome  is  He  observed  that  if  the  measures  they  proposed  to  take  were  neither  violent  nor  passionate  nor  unreasonable,  but  so  moderate  as  to  receive  the  approval  of  every  reasonable  and  honest  man,  he  thought  the  state  of  the  world  with  regard  to  the  Roman  Catholic  church  was  such  that  they  might  expect  the  sympathy,  not  only  of  the  subjects  but  also  of  the  governments  of  many  foreign  countries.  (Hear,  hear.)  It  was  only  necessary  to  take  a  glance  over  Christen Christendom  dom Christendom  at  this  moment  to  see  that  the  indignation  of  humanity  was  rising  against  the  Vatican  and  against  the  papacy.  In  Holland  the  same  game  had  been  played  that  was  attempted  here,  and  the  Dutch  had  met  th  e  aggress  i  on  o  f  th  e  p  a  p  a  cy  with  somewhat  of  the  spirit  of  British  Protestants.  Even  the  lethargy  of  Prussian  Protestantism  had  been  disturbed,  and  the  king  had  boldly  met  the  arrogance  of  the  papal  authorities,  and  had  threatened  to  deprive  of  his  commission  any  officer  in  the  royal  service  who  submitted  to  the  tyrannical  regulation  of  the  Vatican  with  regard  to  mar marriages  riages marriages  between  Protestants  and  Roman  Catholics.  They  had  only  to  cast  their  eyes  over  the  leading  articles  of  that  morning's  Times—a  journal  which,  he  was  thankful  to  say,  had  manifested  upon  many  occasions  recently  a  glorious  feeling  on  the  subject  of  Protestantism—show Protestantism—showing  ing Protestantism—showing  that  it  knew  how  to  make  itself  the  representative  of  Protestant  feeling  on  this  subject,  Th  e  Tones  mentioned  a  new  instance  of  papal  aggression  which  had  occurred  in  the  Grand  Duchy  of  Baden,  where  the  Pope  and  the  Vati Vatican  can Vatican  had  taken  upon  themselves  to  excommunicate  the  ecclesiastical  council  of  the  Grand  Duke.  Indeed,  there  was  scarcely  a  country  on  the  continent—and  the  remark  applied  also  to  the  United  States  of  America—which  was  not  beginning  to  feel  it  necessary  to  rouse  itself  against  the  tyranny  of  the  Pope.  (Hear,  hear.)  A  short  time  since,  he  (Sir  C.  Eardley)  had  an  interview  with  the  late  prime  minister  of  the  present  Pope,  who  was  now  residing  at  Genoa,  and  that  gentleman  told  him  that  the  system  of  the  papacy  was  so  utterly  rotten,  and  so  strongly  detested  by  the  people,  that,  unless  some  marvellous  change  should  take  place,  he  was  certain  that  its  destiny  was  sealed.  (Hear,  0 STYLE=superscript  hear,  and  cheers.)  The  gentleman  who  made  this  state statement  ment statement  was  the  Count  Mamiani,  who  was  for  several  months  the  prime  minister  of  the  Pope.  (Hear,  hear).  He  saw  that  there  wou'.d  be  considerable  difficulty  in  asserting  that  British  subjects  should  not  be  tried  for  spreading  the  scrip scriptures  tures scriptures  in  Florence  or  other  Roman  Catholic  cities  ;  but  he  though  they  might  justly  claim  that  neither  before  nor  after  trial—if  such  was  made  a  subject  of  trial—should  a  British  subject  be  immured  in  a  prison.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  con considered  sidered considered  that  the  ne  plus  ultra  of  punishment,  in  case  a  person  was  found  guilty  of  circulating  the  Scriptures,  should  be  his  or  her  expulsion  from  the  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  Rev.  Canon  MILLER,  of  Birmingham,  seconded  the  resolution.  The  rev,  gentleman  denounced  in  strong  terms  the  fopperies  and  of  tractarianism  and  'Popery,  and  observed  that  the  motto  of  the  church  of  Rome  at  the  present  day  seemed  to  be  After  complaining  that  Protestant  liberties  were  threatened  in  this  country,  as  well  as  abroad,  by  recent  magisterial  decisions  at  Walsall  'and  Dublin  with  respect  to  contro controversial  versial controversial  lectures,  and  the  distribution  of  tracts,  which  had  been  prohibited  on  the  ground  that  they  might  provoke  breaches  of  the  peace,  the  rev.  gentleman  proceeded  to  say  that  tLe  Protestants  of  Great  Britain  could  not  cal  lupon  the  secretary  of  state  for  foreign  affairs  to  send  a  frigate  after  every  Englishman  or  Englishwoman  who  chose  to  circulate  the  Bible  in  Tuscany,  and  that  he  saw  no  way  of  propa propagating  gating propagating  the  gospel  in  such  a  country  except  in  the  manner  in  which  its  knowledge  was  at  first  disseminated—namely,  by  martyrs.  The  resolution  was  then  put,  and  carried  unanimously.  The  Rev.  G.  H.  DAVIS,  of  Bristol,  in  a  speech  of  some  length,  in  the  course  of  which  he  argued  that,  while  re remonstrating  monstrating remonstrating  against  the  persecutions  of  Popery  in  Spain,  Portugal,  and  Tuscany,  they  ought,  in  consistency,  to  offer  the  most  strenuous  opposition  to  the  progress  of  Popery  in  this  country  and  in  Ireland,  moved  the  second  resolution:—  That,  with  a  view  to  the  establishment  of  a  sound  and  recognised  principle,  applicable  to  all  cases  wherein  vexa vexatious  tious vexatious  or  oppressive  proceedings  may  be  instituted,  the  memorial  prepared  and  subscribed  by  the  committee  of  the  Protestant  alliance,  as  now  read,  be  adopted  by  the  present  The  Rev.  W.  ARTHUR,  Wesleyan  minister,  briefly  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  supported  by  the  Rev.  T.  Nolan  and  adopted.  The  memorial,  which  was  in  accordance  with  the  objects  of  the  meeting,  was  then  read  end  aduptcd  afber  wlaioh  the  -following  resolution  was  carried,  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  JAMES  LORD,  seconded  by  the  Rev.  W.  CHALMERS  :  That  the  cordial  thanks  of  this  meeting  are  due  to  the  chairman,  the  Earl  of  Shaftesbury,  for  his  kindness  in  pre presiding,  siding, presiding,  over  this  meeting,  and  for  his  constant  and  success successful  ful successful  advocacy  of  the  cause  of  Christian  truth  and  religious  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  acknowledging  the  compliment,  said  he  had  omitted  to  refer,  in  his  opening  address,  to  the  nature  and  extent  of  the  penalties  attached  to  a  breach  of  the  laws  of  Tuscany  relating  to  religion.  That  point  was,  however,  alluded  to  in  the  memorial.  Those  penalties  were  most  extreme  and  unprecedented,  and  if  an  attempt  were  made  to  apply  them  to  our  fellow-subjects,  the  answer  would  be  simple  and  It  shall  not  (Loud  cheers.)  The  meeting  then  dispersed."
