text
"FASHIONS  FaL  (From  the  Worfef  CARRIAGE  OR  PROMENADE  IV  le  ,  91,  silk  doss  the  skirt  has  three  deep  flounftD,  ~  , STYLE=superscript  ,  A STYLE=superscript  remvfandyked  and  trimmed  with  fringe,  above  which  a:2  , STYLE=superscript  6-thiee  - STYLE=superscript  rows  of  nar narrow  row narrow  black  velvet.  Manteau  of  bright  ruby  velvet,  trimmed  round  with  a  deep  black  silk  fringe,  and  at  a  little  distance  from  the  edge  p  band  of  black  moir  antique;  a  band  of  moir  antique  is  set  on,  forming  a  cape  at  the  back,  it  is  brought  over  the  shoulder  and  finishes  at  the  bend  of  the  arm  in  front;  a  broad  fringe  is  sewn  under  the  bottom  edge;  it  closes  quite  to  the  throat  and  is  ornamented  by  very  hand handsome  some handsome  silk  tassels.  Bonnet  of  white  silk,  with  small  green  feathers  placed  low  at  the  right  side  ;  in  the  interior  is  a  cap  of  tulle,  on  the  right  side  is  a  white  rose  and  small  green  feather,  and  on  the  left  small  red  roses.  MORNING  COSTUME.  —Dress  of  fine  cashmere  ;  the  skirt  with  three  flounces,  cut  in  deep  narrow  scall  o  p  s  e  d  ge  d  w  ith  black  lace,  in  each  scallop  is  a  sprig  embroidered.  High'  basquine  body  closing  to  the  throat;  the  fronts  are  embroi embroidered  dered embroidered  from  a  point  at  the  waist  to  the  shoulder,  and  on  each  side  of  the  embroidery  is  a  row  of  lace  ;  the  basquine  is  cut  in  scallops  to  correspond  with  the  flounces  and  trimmed  in  the  same  manner;  pagoda  sleeves  with  engageantes  of  worked  muslin.  Cap  of  white  lace  with  blue  flowers  placed  low  at  each  side  and  floating  ends  of  ribbon.  DINNER  COSTUME.—Dress  of  Napoleon  blue  velvet;  the  body  is  three-quarters  high  at  the  back,  opening  in  front  to  the  waist,  the  edge  finished  by  two  rows  of  narrow  jet  trimming  ;  the  small  basquine  is  trimmed  with  two  rows  of  black  lace  and  one  of  jet,  the  front  is  crossed  by  three  rows  of  black  lace  :  the  sleeves  reach  but  little  below  the  elbow,  are  open  in  front  to  the  shoulder,  the  edges  cut  in  points,  which  meet  in  the  centre,  leaving  lozenge-shaped  openings  ;  jet  trimming.  are  trimmed  with  black  lace,  and  one  row  of  the  trimming.  PROMENADE  COSTUME.—High  dress  of  glacee  silk,  the  skirt  long  and  extremely  full.  Manteau  of  rich  purple  vel velvet,  vet, velvet,  trimmed  round  with  a  deep  black  fringe,  with  a  broad  open  heading;  above  this  are  two  rows  narrow  chain  gimp.  Bonnet  of  purple  velvet  •  the  front  is  full  ;  the  crown  is  soft  and  covered  with  a  round  piece  of  velvet  cut  in  points,  each  point  fastened  down  by  a  small  button,  this  piece  stands  in  flutes  between  the  points  which  has  a  very  pretty  effect  ;  round  the  outer  edge  of  the  front  is  a  narrow  foaklior  trimming  the  colour  Qf  the  velvet,  the  edoe  finished  by  a  narrow  black  lace  ;  blonde  cap  with  small  pia  flowers.  PROMENADE  COSTITME.—Dress  of  rich  brown  Irish  pop poplin,  lin, poplin,  the  skirt  very  full.  Venetian  Mantle  of  black  satin,  lined  throughout  with  blue  silk  quilted;  the  plain  piece  at  the  top  of  the  shoulders  is  very  deep  ;  a  frill  of  satin  is  set  on  with  a  little  fullness  at  the  bottom  of  the  plain  piece,  the  edge  slightly  festooned  and  trimmed  with  a  narrow  fringe;  it  is  closed  at  the  th  ro  at  by  sma  ll  b  ran  d  e  b  ourgs,  from  which  hang  large  tassels  ;  the  top  and  bottom  of  the  armholes  are  likewise  ornamented  with  tassel  to  correspond.  Bonnets  of  black  lace  :  the  interior  is  trimmed  with  blonde,  roses,  and  narrow  blue  velvet.  ORNMIG  COSTUME.—Dress  of  green  silk  ;  the  skirt  with  three  flounces  graduating  in  width  ;  the  bottom  flounce  is  headed  by  five  narrow  ruches,  the  secound  flounce  by  four,  and  the  top  by  three.  Jacket  body  three-quarters  hi  g  h,  opening  en  demi  cur;  the  neck  is  finished  by  three  ruches  and  a  frill  ;  the  jacket  is  finished  to  correspond,  and  closes  in  front  to  the  bottom  of  the  ruches  ,  the  frill  is  left  open  four  bows  ornament  the  front  :  the  sleeves  are  rounded  to  the  bend  of  the  arm  in  front,  and  are  trimmed  with  a  frill  and  three  ruches.  Small  embroidered  cap,  trimmed  with  pink  ribbon.  _  _  _  BALL  COSTUME.—  Dress  of  Lama  d'oree,  worn  over  a  jupo  of  white  satin,  the  skirt  has  three  broad  flounces,  each  hav having  ing having  four  gold  stripes  woven  in  them  ;  low  stomacher  body,  the  waist  and  point  long  ;  three  rows  of  chantilly  lace,  each  headed  by  a  gold  trimming,  form  a  berthe  at  the  back,  and  terminate  at  the  point  in  front,  nearly  covering  the  plain  short  sleeve  ;  the  stomacher  is  of  fulled  gauze,  crossed  by  three  rows  of  gold  trimming  ;  the  short  sleeve  is  finished  by  a  gold  band  and  a  row  of  chantilly  lace.  Head-dress  of  Napoleon  blue  velvet  ornamented  with  gold,  and  gold  beads.  DINNER  COSTUME  FOR  HOME.  —Dress  of  bright  green  satin,  the  skirt  long  and  extremely  full.  The  basguine.  body,  nearly  hig,h  at  the  back,  opens  en  cceur  to  the  waist  ;  it  is  trimmed  with  two  rows  of  black  lace,  which  are  con continued  tinued continued  on  the  baquine,  the  corners  rounded  :  a  bow  of  satin  ribbon  is  placed  at  the  centre  of  the  bust  and  another  at  the  waist  :  rather  short  pagoda  sleeves  with  two  rows  of  black  lace  :  enyageantes  and  chemisette  of  Honiton  lace.  Fanehon  cap  of  black  lace  with  short  lappets  ;  round  the  face  is  a  narrow  border  of  white  blonde;  the  trimming  is  rose-coloured  ribbon.  EVENING  COSTITME.—Dress  of  checked  ta  f  fetas:  the  plain  low  body  is  cut  on  the  straight,  the  waist  and  point  long:  a  very  broad  white  watered  ribbon  is  brought  from  the  shoulder  to  the  centre  of  front  a  little  above  the  point,  where  it  is  finished  by  a  small  bow  and  long  floating  ends;  the  sleeves  are  very  short  and  have  rather  broad  ta  f  fetas  frills  ;  at  the  top  of  the  sleeve  arc  loops  of  ribbon  ;  long  floating  ends  fall,  one  at  the  back,  the  other  at  the  front  of  the  sleeve  :  a  ruche  of  narrow  white  ribbon  finishes  the  thp  of  corsage,  above  which  stands  a  narrow  blonde.  Jupe  of  emerald  green  gticee  silk,  it  is  long  and  extremely  full  :  high  caraco  body  of  light  claret-coloured  velvet,  clos closing  ing closing  to  the  throat  :  the  basqui#ie  is  pointed  in  the  front,  and  is  edged  round  with  a  row  of  black  silk  braid  ;  the  front  is  crossed  by  rows  of  black  braid,  each  end  being  finished  by  a  loop  ;  three  small  loops  are  also  formed  in  each  row  of  braid  at  the  centre  of  corsage  ;  at  the  top  the  braid  reaches  nearly  from  shoulder  to  shoulder,  the  rows  decreasing  in  length  to  the  waist,  from  thence  they  gradually  widen  again  to  the  bottom  of  basquine.  The  pagoda  sleeves  are  festooned,  eug,ed  with  braid,  and  in  the  festoon  at  the  top  of  the  arm  are  four  rows  of  braid  to  correspond  with  that  which  orna ornaments  ments ornaments  the  front.  YOUNG  LADY'S  COSTIIME.—Frock  of  plaided  Irish  poplin,  the  skirt  trimmed  a  la  robe  with  black  velvet  :  the  body  is  plain  and  three-quarters  high,  and  trimmed  with  velvet  :  bell-shaped  sleeves,  with  three  small  plaits  laid  across  them,  each  plait  fastened  in  the  centre  by  a  small  button,  they  are  finished  by  a  broad  velvet  :  large  bouillon  sleeves  with  nar narrow  row narrow  worked  cuff.  CARRIAGE  COSTUME.  —Dress  of  rich  silk;  the  skirt  has  three  broad  flounces  a  disposition  of  a  novel  design.  Em Empress  press Empress  mantle  of  blank  velvet  ;  it  is  trimmed  round  with  rich  guipure  lace,  headed  by  a  plaiting  a  rielle  of  black  satin  :  the  plain  piece  which  fits  to  the  rather  pointed  in  the  front;  it  is  finished  by  shoulders  is  a  broad  lace  and  plaiting.  to  correspond  with  the  bottom  o  f  man  tl  e  .  B  onnet  o  f  Napoleon  blue  velvet  ,  a  broad  black  chaetilly  lace  is  turned  back  from  the  front  edge  ;  the  trimming  at  the  sides  is  composed  of  velvet  bows  edged  with  a  narrow  black  lace  the  lining  is  white  satin  :  blonde  cap  with  bows  of  black  velvet  and  small  pink  flowers.  WEST  DERBY  GU.ARDIANS.-YESTERDA.T.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  West  Derby  Board  of  Guardians  was  held  at  twelve  o'clock  yesterday.  Mr.  HARRISON  occupied  the  chair.  The  other  members  of  the  board  were  Messrs  Alpass,  Heyes,  Roskell,  Carter,  Lunt,  Smith,  G.  Harrison,  Abraham,  Wensley,  Shaw,  Kirkus.  and  M'Gee.  The  Clerk  read  the  minutes  of  the  last  day's  proceedings.  Out-door  relief  chequ  es  were  or  d  ere  d  to  the  following  amount  :  Mr,  Allen,  £65  ;  M  r  .  Ol  ney  ,  £25  ;  M  r.  Potts,  £100;  Mr.  Lythgoe,  £2O.  A  letter  was  read  from  M  r  .  Stephens  comiik;-'e  oi  the  manner  in  which  the  Toxteth  ..cts  carded,  A  short  discu  piece  upon  a  motion  m  a  d  e  by  M  r.  e^  sb,_  resent  the  resolution  passed  at  the  last  meeting,  with  regard  to  allowing  the  pauper  Mary  Clare  to  receive,  medical  relief,  without  coming  into  the  workhouse.  Finally,  the  motion  was  carried  and  an  order  was  made  that  the  woman  should  enter  the  workhouse,  or  that  the  relief  be  discontinued.  A  letter  was  read  from  Mr.  John  Halt,  enclosing  a  reso resolution  lution resolution  passed  by  the  committee  appointed  in  Manchester,  for  the  purpose  of  inquiring  into  the  propriety  of  seeking  for  of  the  Dowers  vested  in  the  soar  law  board.  The  letter,  which  was  signeu  uy  .  the  committee,  invited  a  deputation  from  the  West  Derby  board  to  attend  a  meeting  to  be  held  in  Manchester  on  the  12th  of  Decemher,  upon  the  subject  referred  to.  After  a  brief  consideration,  the  board  declined  to  pass  any  resolution  relative  to  the  sending  of  a  deputation.  Mr.  ALP  Ass  said  it  was  now  two  years  since  the  last  averages  of  the  union  were  taken,  and  there  had  been  a  considerable  change  in  the  state  of  some  townships  since  then.  He  therefore  thought  that  without  waiting  for  the  third  year,  they  might  write  to  the  poor  law  board,  and  re request  quest request  of  them  to  take  the  averages  again.  Mr.  Alpass  moved  that  the  poor  law  board  be  communicated  with  upon  the  subject.  Mr.  HEYES  seconded  the  motion.  The  board  agreed  to  the  Proposition  without  a  division.  This  closed  the  general  business.  A  New  York  paper  states  that  the  Emperor  of  China,  has  fled  into  Tartary  :  The  Presbyterian  Synod  has  named  Tuesday  as  a  day  of  humiliation  and  prayer.  A  medical  man  at  Aberdeen  has  been  arrested  on  a  charge  of  killing  by  gunshot  a  party  on  whose  life  he  had  an  insurance.  The  society  of  British  architects  met  for  the  second  time  this  season  on  Monday  evening  at  Grosvenor-street,  London.  Sir  James  Duke,  of  London  has  purchased  the  estates  of  Sir  Thomas  Downman,  at  Laughton,  in  Sussex.  A  few  days  since  we  published  a  police  report  impeaching  the  morality  of  Sir  John  McTaggart.  The  woman  con concerned  cerned concerned  on  that  occasion  writes  to  the  Times  to  say  it  is  a  mistake  as  she  does  not  even  know  Sir  John.  WINDING  UP  IN  BANKRUPTCY.—The  case  of  Chambers'  senior  and  junior,  so  long  under  the  bankrupt  court-25  years—has  just  been  wound  up  and  dividends  amounting  to  16s,  in  the  pound  have  been  paid.  The  parties  were  for formerly  merly formerly  lessees  of  the  opera  house.  BLOCKADE  OF  THE  AFRICAN  COAST.  —The  Earl  of  Cla Clarendon  rendon Clarendon  has  had  notice  from  the  French  embassy  in  London  that,  in  conformity  with  the  orders  of  his  Imperial  Majesty,  Captain  Baudin,  the  Commander-in-Chief  of  the  French  naval  forces  on  the  west  coast  of  Africa,  has  declared  that  part  of  the  coast  which  extends  from  the  left  bank  of  tho  Grand  Lahou  to  the  right  bank  of  the  river  Assinee  to  be  in  a  state  of  blockade  ;  that  the  force  at  the  disposal  of  Captain  Baudin  will  render  this  blockade  effective,  and  that  it  was  to  be  carried  into  execution  from  the  26th  of  September  last."
