text
"DOCK  CO  lf,lll  rTEE.  -YESTEIUM  Y.  The  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  dock  committee  took  place  at  one  o'clock  yesterday,  Mr.  CRARLES  TURNER  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were—Messrs.  Robinson,  Brocklebank,  Gregson,  Chaloner,  Steele,  James  Holme,  Barber,  Robertson  Gladstone,  Langsdale,  Lockett,  Malcom Malcomson,  son, Malcomson,  Royden,  Evans,  Rounthwaite,  Rankin,  and  Smith.  The  Secretary  read  the  minutes  of  the  last  day's  proceed proceedings.  ings. proceedings.  Mr.  GLA.DSTONE  said  :  Mr.  Chairman,  would  you  permit  me  to  say,ithat  the  subject  of  funding  our  bonded  debt  has  by  no  means,  escaped  my  attention.  Ido  not  consider  the  present  moment  the  right  time  to  bring  before  the  notice  of  the  committee  any  scheme  for  the  object  contemplated;  but,  whether  I  may  be  right  or  wrong,  it  has  not  been  by  any  means  forgotten  by  me,  and  in  a  short  period  I  will  take  an  opportunity  of  mentioning  it  to  the  finance  committee  what  my  views  are  upon  the  subject.  The  CHAIRMAN  ;  I  am  sure  that  the  finance  committee  will  be  very  glad  to  consider  such  an  important  question.  It  is  a  very  desirable  object-to  take  into  consideration.  THE  HARRINGTON  DOCK  ESTATE.  The  CHAIRMAN  read  a  report  of  the  sub-committee  of  works,  submitting  a  plan  for  laying  out  a  portion  of  the  Harrington  dock  estate  in  yards,  from  the  south  to  the  west,  for  storing  timber,  which  they  recommended  to  be  approved.  They  also  recommend  that  the  rate  of  rent  for  occupation  by  the  year  being  five-sixteenths  of  a  penny  per  square  yard  per  week,  and  that  temporary  accommodation  be  one  half halfpenny  penny halfpenny  per  square  yard  per  week,  and  that  these  rates  of  rent  take  effect  from  and  after  the  Ist  of  April  next.  Mr.  STEELE  said,  as  a  member  of  the  committee  of  works,  he  had  objected  to  that  proposition  when  it  was  brought  for forward  ward forward  there,  and  of  course  he  was  in  a  minority.  Why  they  should  commence  to  increase  the  rent  upon  the  Ist  of  April  next  was  perfectly  incomprehensible  to  him;  for  up  to  the  Ist  of  August  the  timber  trade  had  no  impost,  and  he  did  not  see  why  they  should  pay  an  increased  rent  during  the  period  of  the  year  which  elapsed  between  the  Ist  of  Agra  and  that  time.  He  could  not  see  why.  if  they  were  to  in increase  crease increase  the  rent,  they  should  not  commence  at  the  next  impost,  when  the  land  would  be  actually  required,  instead  of  the  Ist  of  April,  after  which,  for  upwards  of  four  months  the  land  would  lie  dormant.  Moreover,  he  contended  that  the  proposed  alteration  would  be  found  not  to  operate  to  the  advantage  of  the  dock  estate.  Since  the  last  meeting  of  the  committee  he  had  ascertained  the  feelings  of  many  parties,  and  he  believed  there  would  not  bo  one  additional  penny  gained  by  the  dock  estate,  in  addition  to  the  fact  that  it  would  create  feelings  of  by  no  means  a  pleasant  character.  Mr.  HOLME  said  it  was  well  known  that  the  Harrington  dock  estate  had  cost  a  very  large  sum  of  money,  and,  al although  though although  he  should  be  the  last  man  to  desire  to  oppress  the  timber  trade,  still  he  should  consider  that  that  committee  had  a  certain  duty  to  perform,  and  that  they  were  sitting  in  that  room  as  members  of  a  great  public  trust.  It  had  been  well  known  that  the  Harrington  dock  property  cost  above  £300,000,  and  that  it  was  producing  only  something  like  £4,000  a  year.  Now,  the  question  which  that  committee  had  to  consider  was,  whether  they  should  attempt  to  get  for  that  land  something  like  what  the  value  of  the  property  was  believed  to  be.  The  sub-committee  of  works  took  into  con consideration  sideration consideration  the  fact  of  the  timber  trade  being  in  its  present  position.  He  could  say  for  one,  that  he  believed  the  rent  they  had  fixed  to  be  a  far  lower  rent  than  the  property  would  have  been  given  for  to  other  parties,  but  he  considered  that  there  was  a  great  advantage  derived  from  the  timber  trade  as  attached  to  the  dock  estate.  Persons  must  not  sup suppose  pose suppose  that  the  £36,000  put  down  as  the  return  of  the  Bruns Brunswick  wick Brunswick  dock,  was  clear  money,  because  they  had  to  sacrifice  £lO,OOO  or  £12,000  a  year  to  keep  the  Harrington  dock  estate  in  its  present  position.  Now,  for  one  individual,  he  could  say  that  he  had  no  intention  of  pressing  too  hard  upon  the  timber  trade,  but  he  thought  they  were  bound,  in  jus-  tice  to  the  estate,  to  see  that  They  derived  the  proper  value  for  their  property.  He  had  even  gone  to  Is.  6d.  a  yard,  but  feeling  that  several  members  of  the  committee  were  in inclined  clined inclined  to  meet  the  timber  trade,  it  was  agreed  to  snake  it  a  lower  rent,  and  he  therefore  thought  it  only  right  that  the  committee  and  the  public  should  know  exactly  the  posi position  tion position  in  which  they  stood,  and  the  principle  upon  which  they  had  acted.  Mr.  STEELE  coul  1  not  suppose  but  that  there  must  be  a  feeling  towards  the  north  end  when  an  attempt  was  made  to  raise  the  rents  of  that  land,  and  put  the  trade  in  such  a  posi position.  tion. position.  He  gave  it  as  his  candid  opinion  that  the  committee  would  find  at  the  end  of  twelve  months,  by  that  attempt  to  increase  25  per  cent.  upon  these  rents,  and  they  , STYLE=superscript  would  be  taxed  for  the  increase_also,  they  would  scarcely  derive  one  penny  profit.  Mr.  CHA.LONER  thought  that  viewing  the  question  as  a  matter  of  property,  the  estate  was  likely  to  gain  more  by  low  rents  than  it  would  by  imposing  too  high  rents.  Mr.  EVANS  hoped  that  the  committee  would  not  be  inti intimidated  midated intimidated  from  getting  what  was  in  reality  no  more  than  half  the  value  of  their  land.  If  the  estate  were  to  give  the  land  for  such  low  rents  as  some  parties  proposed,  he  should  prefer,  for  the  honor  of  the  thing,  giving  up  the  land  to  them  alto altogether  gether altogether  for  nothing.  (Laughter).  Mr.  STEELE  :  Perhaps  even  that  would  not  be  a  very  un unwise  wise unwise  act.  Mr.  EVANS  would  rather  do  so  than  be  trifled  with.  He  denied  that  the  committee  of  works  had  agreed  to  anything  exorbitant,  and  the  majority  of  the  committee  who  were  present  when  the  report  was  passed,  were  living  by  the  tim timber  ber timber  trade  themselves.  It  was  literally  extorted  from  the  convictions  of  these  gentlemen,  against  their  interests  and  their  wishes,  be  had  no  doubt.  But  were  they  to  be  going  on  as  they  had  been  ?  Were  they  to  be  losing  8,0001.  to  10,0001.  a-year  upon  property  of  that  sort  ?  Were  they  not  to  take  any  remedial  measures  ?  With  regard  to  the  land,  if  they  were  to  let  it  for  other  purpoees,  they  had  an  exam example  ple example  upon  the  spot.  There  was  one  considerable  lot  which  was  let  for  no  less  than  three  shillings  a-year,  and  if  they  were  to  let  the  land  in  question,  he  had  no  doubt  but  tha4  they  would  get  the  same  for  it.  Mr.  GREGSON  thought  the  committee  should  be  guided  in  some  measure  by  the  rent  of  the  land  adjoining.  Mr.  HOLME  said  the  position  in  which  the  committee  found  itself  was  this.  Any  attempt  they  made  to  get  a  proper  va value  lue value  for  the  land  was  met  by  the  timber  trade,  who  said  that  if  the  land  was  taken  from  them  their  trade  would  be  de destroyed  stroyed destroyed  altogether  •  and  yet  it  was  a  positive  fact  that  if  a  timber  merchant  himself  had  land  in  the  same  position,  the  moment  he  had  an  opportunity  of  selling  it  he  immediately  sold  it.  He  was  not  aware  of  the  price  which  Mr.  Halhead  had  got  for  his  land  ;  but  had  not  that  gentleman  sold  his  land,  and  had  he  not  deprived  the  timber  trade  of  the  pos possession  session possession  of  it,  because  he  could  get  a  party  to  pay  him  a  greater  price  for  it,  the  interest  of  which  was  more  than  an  equivalent  for  what  he  was  deriving  from  it  in  rent.  The  question  was  this  :  Were  the  committee  of  works  to  submit  to  see  their  valuable  land  left  in  its  present  position.  It  should  be  left  in  its  present  position,  of  course,  until  some something  thing something  was  done  to  meet  the  requirements  of  the  timber  trade;  but  at  the  same  time  were  they  doing  their  duty  in  letting  that  land,  as  was  now  the  case,  far  below  its  cost  ?  The  dock  dues  of  the  Brunswick  dock  last  year  amounted  to  36,0001.  Now  if  they  made  a  sacrifice  of  12,0001.  a-year  on  the  Harrington  dock  estate,  they  must  take  that  sum  from  the  36,0001.  which  appeared  before  the  public  as  the  produce  of  that  dock.  When  the  land  was  purchased,  it  was  pur purchased  chased purchased  at  the  suggestion  of  the  timber  trade,  that  a  dock  should  be  made  there.  The  moment  the  committee  sought  to  get  the  land,  there  was  an  outcry  raised  that  if  they  took  it  they  would  be  destroying  the  trade.  Here,  then,  was  the  committee  of  works  placed  in  such  a  position  tltat  they  did  not  know  what  to  do  at  the  present  moment.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  EvANs  said  that  £36,000  a  year  was  not  all  derived  from  timber.  A  great  deal  of  other  trade  went  into  that  dock,  which  made  a  considerable  proportion  of  the  £36,000.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  said  the  land  more  south  was  not  let  for  less  than  a  farthing.  Mr.  CrIALONER  :  Nothing  like  that.  Mr.  STEELE  :  It  does  not  pay  above  an  eighth  Mr.  CHALONER  :  Let  the  land  be  nut  up  in  lots,  by  tender.  That  will  convince  you  that  thA  Lracte  cannot  afford  to  go  to  tho  aura  -.WA%  is  spoken  of  per  year.  Mr.  HoLmE  :  Are  the  timber  traders  prepared  to  give  back  the  land,  and  let  us  deal  with  it  as  if  it  belonged  to  us  as  individuals  ?  If  the  timber  trade  will  do  so,  let  them  deliver  back  the  land,  and  let  us  begin  to  cut  a  canal  through  it,  and  make  use  of  it  as  if  it  were  our  own  property.  Mr.  SMITH  said  he  had  heard  what  had  been  said  by  different  speakers  :  and  certainly,  he  should  agree  with  the  principle  laid  down  ;  that  if  the  property  was  worth  £300,000,  it  could  not  be  urged  for  a  moment  that  the  committee  should  give  it  at  such  a  rate  that  it  would  only  produce  £3,000  a  year.  Upon  the  principle  laid  down,  he  quite  agreed  ;  but  he  woad  argue  against  the  system  which  it  was  proposed  to  adopt.  It  would  be  clear,  in  the  work  recently  published  by  Mr.  Poole,  that  the  value  of  the  tim timber  ber timber  imported  into  Liverpool  in  the  year  1852,  :was  £300,000,  and  the  amount  of  space  covered  by  it  250,000  yards.  Now,  2s.  per  yard  upon  these  250,000  yards,  would  amount  to  a  sum  of  £25,000  per  annum,  which  was  equal  to  2  per  cent.  upon  the  entire  value  of  the  ''hole  of  the  timber  imported  into  Liverpool  in  1852.  If,  however,  they  made  the  calculation  only  upon  that  portion  of  the  timber  which  was  stored  during  that  time,  it  would  be  found  to  amount  to  4  per  cent.  Now,  in  the  case  of  an  article,  such  as  timber—an  article  of  such  very  little  value,  and  such  very  great  bulk—he  would  ask  any  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  present,  whether  it  was  possible  that  the  trade  could  be  so  taxed  as  at  the  rate  of  4  per  cent.  upon  the  value  of  the  article.  It  was  not  possible,  and  all  this  consideration  led  to  the  conclusion  that  the  committee,  bcforo  thoy  took  any  atop  which  might  produce  a  result  of  that  kind,  should  in  the  first  instance  make  up  their  minds  how  they  would  find  accommodation  for  the  trade.  In  the  Brunswick  dock  it  appeared  that  there  was  £36,000  a  year  received  in  the  shape  of  dock  dues.  The  timber  trade  produced  in  the  shape  of  dock  - STYLE=superscript  ,  dues  upon  the  ships  and  the  timber,  consider considerably  ably considerably  more  than  £30,000  a  year,  and  therefore,  he  said  it  was  important  for  that  committee  to  be  very  careful  how  they  took  any  step  which  might  operate  injuriously.  If  they  took  any  step  which  operated  upon  the  trade  injuriously,  the  trade  might  be  driven  to  take  up  their  locality  in  another  place,  and  it  might  be  difficult  to  bring  it  back  again.  He  should  therefore  recommend  that  until  they  had  provided  themselves  with  better  accommodation  for  the  timber  trade,  they  should  be  moderate  in  their  present  charges.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  said  he  did  not  know  any  parties  in  Liverpool  who  would  sooner  sell  their  land  and  get  a  profit,  than  those  in  the  timber  trade.  Mr.  Halhead,  who  made  such  a  cry  out  for  want  of  room  was  about  the  first  to  sell  his  land,  and  deprive  the  trade  of  that  quantity  of  ground  for  stowage.  He  did  not  think  the  timber  trade  was  in  a  position  to  complain.  He  remembered  the  charge  being  a  halfpenny  the  square  yard  40  years  since;  and  there  was  no  grumbling  then.  Mr.  HOLME  said  Mr.  Halhead  was  the  owner  of  a  piece  of  land,  which  was  calculated  to  accommodate  the  timber  trade.  It  did  not,  therefore,  show  any  very  great  zeal  upon  his  part  for  keeping  the  timber  trade  in  that  part  of  the  town,  when  he  sold  his  land  for  a  larger  per  centage  than  the  land  now  in  question  yielded  to  the  deck  estate.  Mr.  Evials  said  Mr.  Smith  appeared  to  have  gone  upon  a  calculation  that  the  whole  timber  trade  of  Liverpool•went  into  the  yards,  11v4  much  went  off  the  quays  at  once,  and  how  many  cargoes  lay  the  whole  year  in  the-yards  ?  should  think  there  must  be  a  great  error  upon  the  , STYLE=superscript  part,of  any  one  who  kept  it  there  the  whole  year.  Mr.  SMITH  :  I  think  you  must  have  misunderstood  my  argument,  for  what  you  have  observed  goes  rather  to  strengthen  my  case.  My  calculation  is  that  the  charge  would  be  2  per  cent.  upon  every  log  of  wood  which  comes  into  Liverpool.  There  never  is  stored  more  than  one-half,  and  therefore  it  will  amount  to  something  like  4  per.  cent.  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  BROCKLEEANK  :  Do  you  base  your  calculation  upon  the  superficial  area  of  the  laud  you  occupy,  and  not  by  the  pile  of  timber  ?  Mr.  SMITH  :  I  am  speaking  of  the  value  of  the  timber.  The  ground  occupied  in  storage  in  1852,  was  250,000  yards  which,  at  2s.  per  yard  per  annum,  will  come  to  2  per  cent.  upon  the  entire  value  of  the  timber.  Mr.  RANKIN  said  it  was  impossible  to  deny  that  the  rent  fixed  was  far  less  than  the  value  of  the  ground;  but  at  the  same  time,  while  they  had  no  accommodation  to  offer  to  the  timber  trade,  he  thought  it  would  be  very  injudicious4to  raise  the  rent  ;  and  he  would  for  one,  for  a  year  or  so,  until  further  accommodation  was  afforded,  which  might  vsnr  .vun  be  the  case,  think  that  Is.  4d.  would  be  s  proper  rate  per  yard.  He  did  not  mean  *..ay  that  he  would  extend  uri.;..,h  mat  rate  should  prevail  longer  than  the  period  during  un  til  .u  l STYLE=superscript  /  4  ,11  time  as  proper  accommodation  could  be  afforded  to  the  trade;  but  he  thought  that  until  that  could  be  done,  it  might  be  the  interest  of  that  estate  to  keep  down  the,rate  at  present,  and  even  to  make  no  distinction  between  large  quantities  in  the  year,  and  small  quantities,  because  it  really  appeared  to  him  that  it  was  a  matter  of  more  importance  to  give  accommodation  to  casual  importers  who  did  not  know  where  to  place  the  goods  for  the  moment,  and  might  take  the  option  of  going  to  other  docks,  and'depriving  then  of  the  dues  altogether.  He  would,  therefore,  suggest  that  an  amendment  shoulde  proposed  upon  the  report  of  the  'sub 'subcommittee,  committee, 'subcommittee,  to  the  erect  that  the  rent  should  be  is  4d  in  all  cases,  to  take  effect  from  and  after  the,  Ist  July  next,  and  to  prevail  for  a  period  of  twelve  months.  Mr.  BA  'arum  denied  that  2  per  cent  was  excessive  rent,  and  contended  that  if  a  eine  eiatien  -e-or.  :eagle  of  all  the  differ different  ent different  cargoes  coming  into  the  town  it  would  be  found  that  that  amount  of  rent  did  not  exceed  the  charge  made  on  the  average.  Mr.  GREGSON  then  moved  an  amendment  to  the  effect  that  the  rent  be  id.  per  week  or  Is.  4d.  per  annum  for  the  next  ensuing  twelve  months,  whether  for  permanent  occupa occupation  tion occupation  or  for  temporary  occupation.  Mr.  CHALONER  seconded  the  amendment.  4.  The  CHAIRMAN  put  the  amendment,  which  was  lost  by  12  to  5.  Mr.  SMITH  then  proposed  a  second  amendment  to  the  effect  that  the  rent  for  permanent  occupation  be  is.  per  annum,  and  for  temporary  occupation  three-eighths  of  a  penny  per  week.  Mr.  ROITNTHWAITE  seconded  the  amendment.  Mr.  EVANS  :  Oh!  that  is  only  a  farce  altogether.  There  has  been  no  cause  whatever  made  out  for  over-ruling  the  report  of  the  committee.  'f  he  CHAIRMAN  put  the  amendment,  which  was  negatived  by  10  to  7.  Mr.  SPNICLE  :—Perhaps  the  committee  would  not  object  to  a  little  change  being  made  in  the  time  when  this  rule  is  to  come  into  effect  ?  It  is  fixed  here  that,  the  alteration  shall  commence  on  the  first  of  April.  Now  the  import  in  the  tim timtrade  trade timtrade  is  not  received  until  the  end  of  July  or  the  be  of  August,  and  during  that  period  of  three  or  four  months,  with without  out without  any  import  coming  in,  it  is  hardly  fair  that  we  should  be  under  this  rent.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  said  he  was  sorry  to  find  their  ancient  ground  was  disputed,  and  by  one  of  their  own  body.  Mr.  STEELE  said  he  was  himself  perfectly  disinterested  in  the  matter.  The  CHAIRMAN:  It  is  the  best  course,  perhaps,  to•refer  the  question  back  to  the  committee.  Mr.  EVANS:  Oh,  not  at  all;  why  should  it  be  referred  back  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Mr.  Steele  wishes  that  it  should  be  dis discussed  cussed discussed  over  again  as  regards  the  time  when  it  is  to  come  into  operation.  Mr.ISTEBLE  said  that  seeing  what  were  the  opinions  of  the  committee,  he  would  not  persevere  with  any  motion  on  the  au  bject.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  put  the  original  report  to  the  vote,  and  it  was  conirmed.  A  report  was  read  from  the  harbour  masters  'r  ith  reference  to  a  proposed  alteration  in  the  graving  blocks.  The  report  recommended  that  no  alteration  should  be  made.  After  a  short  conversation,  it  was  agreed  that  the  report  should  be  referred  to  the  harbour  masters'  committee,  and  that  Messrs.  Barber,  Royden,  and  Brocklebank,  be  requested  to  attend  the  committee  for  the  purpose  of  discussing  the  question.  •  A  copy  of  the  rules  and  re,gulations  for  the  master  porters  was  submitted  and  confirmed,  to  come  into  operation  on  tho  th  January.  A  letter  was  read  from  the  president  of  St.  Ann's  dispen dispensary,  sary, dispensary,  requesting  that  the  committe  e  would  contribute  the  usual  yearly  sum  of  301.  towards  that  charity.  It  was  re=  solved  that  the  request  be  complied  with.  A  letter  was  read  from  the  secretary  of  the  shipbuilders'  association,  calling  attention  to  the  frequent  instances  in  which  vessels  using  the  graving  docks  were  charged  the  same  for  fourteen  tides  as  for  twenty-four  tides.  Mr.  LOCKETT  said  the  rule  was  made  in  order  that  there  might  be  some  check  to  prevent  vessels  from  remaining  in  the  graving  dock  longer  than  was  necessary,  as  it  was  most  important  that  the  harbour  masters  should  be  made  aware  of  the  time  each  vessel  was  about  to  remain,  in  order  that  the  arrangements  for  the  reception  of  other  vessels  might  be  made.  Mr.  BROCKLEBANK  observed  that  the  question  brought  up  the  subject  of  lighting  the  docks.  They  had  all  perceived  that  private  enterprise  had  lit  up  a  vessel  inside  as  if  shi3  were  lighted  by  the  sun;  he  thought  it  was  very  remiss  of  the  committee  that  they  had  not  taken  some  step  for  the  lighting  of  the  graving  docks  before.  The  letter  was  referred  to  the  harbour  masters'  com committee  mittee committee  .  This  closed  the  general  business.  There  have  been  heavy  floods  - STYLE=superscript  in  Devonshire,  destroying  much  property.  ILLICIT  DISTILLATION  IN  SCOTLAND.—IIIicit  distillation  is  enormously  on  the  increase  in  Scotland,  Last  week.gove week.goveral  ral week.goveral  seizures  were  made  in  the  Orkneys.  Amongst  these.  were  several  malt  seizures.  Malt  and  still  have  been  seized  in  the  district  of  Wick.  NORWEGIAN  TRADE.—The  scarcity  of  Norwegian  birch,  timber  threatens  to  send  us  back  to  die  old  American  pipe;  staves  for  supplies  of  barrel  wood.  If  we  can  believe  report,  the  Norwegian  forests  of  suitable  timber  for  barrel  making  are  becoming  rapidly  exhausted,  and  the  price,  here,  partly  no  doubt  owing  to  higher  freights  paid;  has  risen,  during  the  current  year  from  Bd.  to  is.  2d.  per  f00t.,---Nortla:i  British  Hail.  .  I  DEVONPORT,  TUESDAY.—The  Royal  George,  120,  con converted  verted converted  screw-ship,  Captain  Codrington,  C.  8.,  arrived  here  this  afternoon  to  fill  up  her  compliment,  having  less  than  603,  including  marines  and  officers,  on  her  books.  t  The  Reo.  Mr.  Hall,  of  Hull,  is  about  to  succeed'  Mr..  Sherman,  at  Rev.  Rowland  Hill's  Chapel.  There  were  two  destructive  th-p  =n  L.  Aikluil  on  Tuesday  n  i  g  ht_nno  1.23  . STYLE=superscript  0,vgate-street,  and  another  at  London-wall_  There  was  another  collision  on  the  Gieat  Northern  railway  this  week  ;  but  fortunately,  in  this  also,  no  life  was  sacrificed.  The  hunting  stud  of  11  animals,  belonging  to  Sir  Cliflord  Constnble,  was  sold  at  Doncaster,  this  week  for  £1,418,  being  £129  on  the  average.  One  horse  brought  £2lO.  MUNICIPAL  HOSPITALITY.—His  worship  the  mayor,  entertained  upwards  of  fifty  gentlemen  at  dinner,  last  eve evening,  ning, evening,  at  the  Town-hall.  The  consuls  representinc  , STYLE=superscript  th  different  foreign  nations  at  this  port  were  amongst  th.  guests.  IRISH  PRODUCE  FONVLS.—The  Belfast  Mercury  says  that,  at  the  market  of  Lisburn  on  Tuesday,  a  pair  of  turkeys  was  sold  for  18s;  geese  brought  3s  6d  to  5s  each;  and  fowls  3s  to  4s  per  pair.  Immense  pens  of  poultry  purchased  at  tho  market  were  shipped  by  the  steamers  for  Glasgow  and  , STYLE=superscript  -  Liverpool.  Commerce  U..,  muoh  to  the  influence  of  steam,  but  agriculture  is  no  less  indebted  to  the  same  ponor.  Taking  everything  into  account,  and  examining,  all  the  ad-  „  vantages  derived  by  cheap  and  rapid  transit,  the  manufae-  ,  turer  of  food  is  quite  as  much  indebted  to  the  steam-ship  7  ,-  and  the  locomotive  as  the  manugacturer  of  clothing.  4  THE  STRIKES  AND  INTIMIDATION.—  On  Monday  the  factory  owners  at  Wigan  threw  open  their  mills  for  such  =  of  the  operatives  as  would  return  at  old  prices,  and  1,000,  or  about  a  sixth  of  the  whole;  availed  themselves  of  the  oppor opportunity.  tunity. opportunity.  Many  more  would  probably  have  returned  to  work,:  but  trades'  delegates,  attended  by  a  large  crowd,  were  in  the  streets  at  an  early  hour  in  the  morning  to  intercept,  per-  - STYLE=superscript  t  suade,  and  intimidate  all  they  could,  out'of  going  to  work.  w  The  Messrs.  Eccles  obtained  the  greatest  number  of  hands  (about  400),  and  200  went  in  at  Rylands.  The  othersl  were  pretty  equally  disperseduu  s  1  various  mills.  The  $.l  magistrates  and  police  did  all  they  could  to  protect  the  hands  in  going  to  the  mills,  and  this  they  also  did  again  on  Tuesday  and  yesterday  morning.  On  Monday  and  Tuesday  morning  they  found  it  necessary  to  appprehend  several  per persons  sons persons  for  undue  interference  with  persons  going  to  work,  and  for  inciting  to  a  breach  of  the  peace.  The  system  of  -  intimidation  does  not  apply  to  those  alone  who  go  to  work  at  old  prices,  but  in  other  towns  it  applies  to  persons  refusing  or  neglecting  to  subscribe  funds  to  the  .Preston  and  other  strikes.  At  Stockport,  on  Monday,  and  at  Ashton  on  the  same  day,  men  were  brought  before  the  magistrates  •  for  acts  of  intimidation,  and  there  is  no  doubt  that  a  wide-  •  spread  system  of  tyranny  prevails  throughout  the  whole  manufacturing  districts  to  extort  money  from  the  operatives  .  in  work  at  the  mills  to  support  those  out  of  employment  Id  through  the  strikes.  The  people  complain  of  it  loudly  at  the  shops  where  they  buy  their  provisions,  and  it  is  talke&amp;sa  of  every  where.-2  7 STYLE=superscript  M  Timm"
