text
"SPLENDID  CARPETS.  AXMINSTER,  Touruay,  Turkey,  Velvet  Pile,  Tapestry,  Brussels,  and  all  other  descriptions  of  Car Carpeting  peting Carpeting  and  Rugs,  preserved  in  their  original  state  of  comfort,  and  beauty  of  colouring,  at  DOBSON'S  Practical  Cleansing  and  Restorative  Works,  Breck-road,  Everton—Established  1843.  N.B.—Carpets  are  received  by  rail,  &amp;c.,  from  all  parts  of  the  kingdom.—Address  (if  by  post),  DOBSON'S  Carpet  Cleansing  Works,  Everton.  GUSTAVUS  HAMILTON,  Solicitor  and  Irish  Law  Agent  (Firm  G.  Hamilton  &amp;  Sons,)  30,  South  Frederick-street,  Dublin,  and  47,  Chancerlane,  London,  Master  Extraordinary  of  her  Majesty's  High  Court  of  Chancery  in  England,  for  taking  Answers,  Affidavits,  Proofs  in  Bankruptcy,  and  depositiOns  of  Witnesses  in  Ireland,  and  Commissioner  for  taking  Affidavits  in  Ireland  out  of  Her  Majesty's  Court  of  Queen's  Bench,  Common  Pleas,  and  Ex Exchequer  chequer Exchequer  in  England,  also  MaUer  Extraordinary  of  the  County  Palatine  and  Duchy  Courts  of  Lancaster  ;  Agent  to  the  Monarch  Fire  and  Life  Assurance  Company  of  London.  and  Local  Solicitor  to  the  United  Guarantee  and  Life  Assurance  Company  of  London.  IMPORTANT  TO  PARTIES  FURNISHING.  GLASS,  CHINA,  AND  EARTHENWARE.  JrWARD,  CUT  GLASS  MANUFACTURER,  40,  Bold  .  Street,  Liverpool,  is  selling  goods  of  such  quality  as  cannot  be  surpassed,  at  the  following  prices  :  GLASS  OF  EVERY  DESCRIPTION.  Cut  half-pint  Tumblers,  from  Os  41d  to  Is  6d  each.  Pressed  ditto  Os  3d  to  Os  6d  „  Cut  Wines,  of  fifty  patterns  Os  3d  to  is  6d  „  Cut  Decanters,  ditto  Cut  and  pressed  Salts  .  .  .0s  1  d  to  3s  Od'  „  Cut  and  pressed  Sugars  and  Creams,  Os  6d  to  10s  Od  „  Cut  and  moulded  Water  Bottles  and  Glasses  .OB  9d  to  7s  6d  „  Cut  and  Moulded  Water  Jugs  .....2s.  6d  to  25s  Od  „  An  immense  variety  of  CHINA,  in  Breakfast,  Tea,  and  Dessert  Services.  Tea  Cups  and  Saucers,  blue  figure,  is  3d  per  half-dozen.  Tea  Sets,  of  burnished  gold,  from  lOs  6d  to  £6  per  set.  Dessert  Services  £1  lOs  Od  to  £lO  „  EARTHENWARE,  in  endless  variety.  Dinner  Services,  to  dine  twelve  persons,  a  variety  of  patterns  and  colours,  from  Os  Od  per  set.  Toilet  Services,  nine  piece  5........  05s  6d  „  N.B.—This  Stock  is  of  immense  extent,  the  quality  is  as  good  as  is  manufactured,  and  the  prices  are  from  10  to  20  per  cent,  cheaper  than  are  usually  charged.  OBSERVE—J.  WARD,  40,  BOLD  STREET,  LIVERPOOL.  MILNERS'  HOLDFAST  AND  FIRE-RE FIRE-RESISTING  SISTING FIRE-RESISTING  SAFES,  CL  0  SET  S,  DOORS,  CHESTS,  BOXES,  GUNPOWDER  MAGAZINES,  &amp;c.  AT  MILNERS'  PHCENIX  (212°)  SAFE  WORKS,  WINDSOR,  LIVERPOOL,  (Show  Rooms,  54,  Lord-street.)  LONDON  DEPOT,  47A,  MOORGATE-STREET,  CITY.  GREAT  FIRE  AT  THE  GUTTA  PERCHA  COM COMPANY'S  PANY'S COMPANY'S  WORKS,  AND  DEFEATED  BURGLARIES.  Gutta  Percha  Company's  Works,  City  Road,  London,  Bth  June,  1853.  consider  it  only  our  duty  to  inform  you  of  the  entire  preservation  of  all  the  Books  and  Papers,*  con contained  tained contained  in  the  large  Safe  you  recently  supplied  us  with,  although  exposed  during  Sunday  last  to  a  fire  which  de destroyed  stroyed destroyed  the  larger  part  of  our  Works--this  is  the  more  re remarkable,  markable, remarkable,  as  the  intense  heat  has  in  many  parts  melted  the  outside  of  the  Safe.  are  of  opinion,  that  so  successful  a  vindication  of  the  merits  of  your  invention  cannot,  on  public  grounds,  be  too  generally  known  ;  and  we  therefore  leave  you  at  liberty  to  use  this  letter  in  any  way  you  may  wish.  are,  Sirs,  your  obedient  Servants,  THE  GIITTA  PERCHA  COMPANY,  •‘  HENRY  FORD  BARCLAY.  Thomas  Milner  and  Son,  47A,  Moorgate-Street,  City,  London.  Including  £5,000  of  cash  and  bills.  TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  Whatever  is  intended  for  insertion  must  be  authenticated  .  _  by  the  name  and  address  of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  _publication,  but  as  a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  We  cannot  undertake  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  WILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  ,Rartytrit  ,BlTlt4  tintto.  THEATRE  ROYAL.  Williamson-square.  THE  CHRISTMAS  HOLIDAYS.  -  _  Tuts  Evanxmo  (Wednesday),  28th  instant,  the  Performance  will  tommsnce  with  TIME  TRIES  ALL.  To  be  followed  by  the  Grand  Comic  CHRISTMAS  PANTOMIME!  entitled  THE  BUTTERFLY'S  BALL,  and  THE  GRASSHOPPER'S  FEAST;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  THE  GENIUS  OF  SPRING  I  Founded  on  the  Popular  Poem  by  Mr.  Roscoe,  of  Liverpool.—  Harlequin......  Signor  Lauri.  Pantaloon  ..  Signor  C.  Laur  .  Columbine,  I  Madame  Masotti.  _Clown  ....Signor  F.  Lauri.  Admission—Dress  Boxes,  45.;  Upper  Boxes,  Pit.  25.;  Gallery,  U.  The  Box-office  is  open  from  Ten  to  Three  o'clock  daily,  for  securing  Seats  and  taking  Private  Boxes,  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  T.  Shuttleworth.  Children  in  arms  will  not  be  admitted.  Doors  open  at  half-past  Six,  the  performance  to  com commence  mence commence  at  Seven  o'clock  precisely.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  HOLIDAY  NOTICE.  This  Evaxitto  (Wednesday),  28th  inst.,  and  following  Evenings,  the  Entertainments  will  commence  with.  for  the  Second  Time  in  England,  It  OE  ROY!  produced  by  Mr.  Pablo  Fanque  as  an  EQUESTRIAN  SPECTACLE!  with  new  Scenes  and  Inci  :ents  introduced  from  the  Novel.  In  order  to  proauce  the  Celebrated  Drama  in  its  new  form  in  the  most  creditable  manner  possible,  Mr,  Pablo  Fanque  has  engaged,  at  a  considerable  expense,  the  valuable  services  of  MR.  GOURLAY,  the  Acknowledged  Successor  of  MR.  MACKAY,  for  the  representation  of  Scotch  Character,  and  wuo  will  make  his  third  appearance  in  Liverpool,  This  Evening,  in  the  arduous  character  of  BAILIE  NICOL  JARVlE.—Several  of  the  ost  popular  members  of  the  Metropolitan  Theatres  are  engaged,  among  whom  will  be  found  Mr.  Rayner,  Mr.  T.  Kirk,  Mr.  Birken Birkenhoff,  hoff, Birkenhoff,  Mr.  Cooper,  Mrs.  Raymond,  Miss  Hodson,  the  popular  vocal's',  and  various  others.  Rob  Roy  has  been  pronounced  by  the  Press  of  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow  never  to  have  been  correctly  produced  until  brought  forth  by  Mr.  Pablo  Fanque  with  horses.  There  will  be  Two  Grand  DAY  PERFORMANCES,  viz.,  THIS  DAY  (Wednesday),  28th  instant,  and  Friday,  the  30th  instant.  Doors  open  at  One,  to  commence  at  Two.  In  consequence  of  the  extreme  length  of  the  Evening  Performances  the  Doors  will  Open  at  a  quarter  past  Six,  and  commence  at  Seven  o'clock.  Admission  Dress  Circle,  3s.  ;  Side.  Boxes,  2s,  6d.;  Pit,  Is.  6d.;  Gallery,  6 STYLE=superscript  d.  Second  Price  — STYLE=superscript  Dressi  Circle,  25.',;  Side  Boxes,  Is.;  Pit,  Is.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery.  Second  Price  to  Boxes  and  Pit  at  nine  o'clock.  ROYAL  ADELPHI  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington.  Tate  EVeNING  (Wednesday),  the  28th  instant,  A  VARIETY  OF  FAVOURITE  ENTERTAINMENTS.  To  conclude  with  the  gorgeous  new  Comic  Pantomime  of  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  SINBAD  THE  SAILOR,  AND  TUB  FAIRY  op  CORAL  GROT  (written  expressly  for  this  Establishment,  by  Mr.  John  Courtney,  author  of  Time  Tries  Tricks  and  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,)  which  has  been  in  preparation  for  the  last  three  months,  with  new  and  magnificent  scenery,  costumes,  and  appointments.  Sinbad  the  Sailor,  Miss  Carre,  from  the  Theatre  Royal.  Haymarket.  Nautlia,  Miss  M.  A.  Egan.  Harlequin,  Mr.  C.  Brown.  Pantaloon,  Mr.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesale.  Sprite,  Signor  Sylvani.—Dress  Boxes,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  is.  6d.;  Stalls,  Is.  Pit  6d.;  Gallery,  3d.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament-Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  *.*  EXTRAORDINARY  CHRISTMAS  ATTRACTION.  Taxa  EVLIIING  (Wednesday),  28th  instant,  the  Performances  will  commence  with  A  POPULAR  DRAMA,  in  which  Mr.  Melbourne,  Miss  Marriott,  and  the  whole  strength  of  the  company  will  appear.  To  conclude  with  (third  time)  the  New  Magniloquently  Grand,  Comical,  Local,  Operatical,  Cabalistical,  and  Anachronismatical  CHRISTMAS  PANTOMIME,  entitled,  ORMSHEADTHE  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  &amp;  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON.  Written  expressly  for  this  theatre  by  the  author  of  Ye  Siege  of  &amp;c.,  with  new  and  beauti beautiful  ful beautiful  scenery,  by  Mr.  John  Wright,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre,  Mr.  Liver,  and  assistants;  properties  by  Mr.  Names;  Music,  composed  by  Mr.  Hope  ;  Machinery,  by  Mr.  Jackson  ;  dresses  by  Mr.  West  and  assistants  ;  and  the  whole  produced  under  the  immediate  superintendence  of  the  Lessee,  Mr.  R.  Edgar.  Snowdrop,  the  Fair  Flower  of  Snowdon,  with  a  few  which  the  author  has  thrust  upon  her,  Miss  Marriott;  Lushiane,  a  doubtful  specimen  of  a  Fairy,  afterwards  Clown.  Mr.  J.  Appleby  ;  Davydd  Jones,  an  ancient  Briton,  r.  Wilmore,  afterwards  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane;  Edward  Morgan,  with  a  terrific  com 'combat.'  Mr.  S.  Lennox,  afterwards  Harlequin,  Signor  Guarrino,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre;  Jenny  Jones,  the  Flower  of  North  Wales,  Sirs.  J.  Appleby,  afterwards  Columbine,  Mad'lle  Rose,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Edinburgh;  Sprite,  Signor  Vilderiul,  the  wonderful  contortionist  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane.  The  remainder  of  the  eharacters  by  the  entire  Dramatic  and  Pantomimic  artistes  attached  to  the  establishment,  forming  the  most  complete  and  pswerful  cast  ever  submitted  to  a  Liverpool  public.  The  Pantomime  will  be  preceded  by  a  grave  Episode,  in  which  the  shades  of  Joe  Miller  and  the  Author  will  have  very  lively  representa representatives.  tives. representatives.  Doors  open  at  half  past  six,  to  commence  at  seven  o'clock  pre precisely.  cisely. precisely.  Prices  of  admission.—Dress  Boxes,  35.;  Front  Boxes,  2s.  Pit,  Is.;  Gallery,  Gd.  Half-price  to  the  Boxes  at  Nine  o'clock.  Books  of  the  Pantomime  may  be  obtained  at  the  Theatre.  GAME  PIES!  GAME  PIES  !—The  Celebrated  Yorkshire  Game  Pies  !—The  greatest  Treat  of  the  season  for  Christmas  Parties.  Suitable  for  Ladies,  as  well  as  .Epicures,  and  everybody  else.  Made  only  by  W.  LA.WTON,  Ban  HOTEL,  Queen-square—who  contracts  for  Public  Balls,  Suppers,  and  other  large  Entertainments—where  will  bo  found  Good  Beds,  Good  Viands,  Good  Wines,  &amp;c  .  THE  NEW  YEAR!  A  BARON  OF  BEEF  WILL  BE  ROASTED  AT  THE  MANSION-HOUSE  HOTEL,  11,  DRURY-LANE,  ON  THE  2ND  OF  JANUARY.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  THIS  DAY  —Morning,  9h.  14m....  Afternoon,  9h.  39m.  WEDNESDAY,  DECEMBER  28,  1853,  THE  Christmas  of  1853  suggests  many  consi considerations  derations considerations  calculated  to  occupy  the  thoughtful  mind.  Our  moral,  social,  and  political  horizon  is  overcast  ;  and  even  the  very  elements  themielves  seem  to  sympathise  with  the  universal  gloom.  Crime,  of  an  aggravated  character,  abounds  to  a  frightful  extent.  The  mania  for  wife  and  woman  beating  still  continues,  and  each  day  but  adds  more  horrifying  details  to  the  dreadful  catalogue— cataloguealready,  already, cataloguealready,  Heaven  knows  !  hideous  and  heart-rending  enough.  No  later  than  Saturday  evening  last,  while  so  many  were  regaling  themselves  and  usher ushering,.  ing,. ushering,.  in  the  festive  season  of  Christmas,  an  awful  tragedy  takes  'place  in  Soho  street,  London,  and  a  wretched  being,  after  stabbing  his  wife;  who  had  but  just  past  her  aecouchement,  almost  severs  his  head  from  his  body.  Our  criminal  calendar  too  attests  the-  existence  of  atrocities  unknown  to  savage  life;  and  the  Liverpool  Grand  Jury  has  been  forced  to  acknowledge  the  increase  of  the  barbarous  and  revolting  crime  of  child  murder,  perpetrated,  not  by  •  unfortunate  women  to  hide  their  shame,  but  by  the  very  authors  of  their  existence,  having  no  other  inducement  to  the  dia diabolical  bolical diabolical  deed  besides  the  gain  of  a  few  pounds  to  be  derived  from  a  burial  club  !  Good  GOD  !  How  is  it  possible  that  humanity  can  become  so  lost,  not  alone  to  every  moral  feeling,  but  to  every  natural  instinct?  How  can  parents  become  degraded  be below  low below  the  level  of  the  most  ferocious  brute  ?  Fancy  a  mother  who  has  nourished  her  babe  with  her  very  life-blood,  and  brought  it  into  existence  with  throes  of  anguish—fancy  her  after,  aye  and  before  its  birth,  coolly  compassing  and  maturely  devising  plans  for  its  destruction;  entering  its  name  on  the  club-book,  and  then  starving  and  torturing  it  to  death  !  Can  the  annals  of  crime  furnish  a  counter counterpart  part counterpart  to  such  dark  and  diabolical  deeds  ?  And  this  in  our  boasted  nineteenth  century  ;  and  amid  all  our  national  progress,  enlightenment,  and  Chris Christian  tian Christian  legislation  !  But  this  is  not  all.  Juvenile  delinquency,  female  prostitUtion,  and  drunkenness  abound  to  an  alarming  extent.  In  our  own  town  nearly  200  persons  were  brought  before  the  magistrates  on  Monday,  charged  with  being  drunk  and  disorderly  on  the  previous  day.  The  fact  is  our  labouring  classes  do  not  know  how  to  enjoy  themselves.  They  rush  at  once  into  inebriety,  and  then  fight  and  quarrel.  Hence  the  disgraceful  scenes  which  meet  our  sight  on  the  evening  of  any  festive  day.  It  is  not  so  in  France,  Germany,  and  other  con continental  tinental continental  countries.  Consequently  foreigners,  when  they,  come  to  England,  become  anything  but  favorably  impressed  with  our  national  habits,  and  social  manners  and  customs.  These  are  facts  which  we  cannot,  must  not,  dare  not  conceal  from  ourselves.  The  best  policy  is  to  face  those  evils  valiantly  and  manfully.  They  must  be  fear fearlessly  lessly fearlessly  grappled  with  and  victoriously  conquered.  But  there  exist  also  other  and  fecund  causes  for  serious  thought  and  sober  sadness.  The  food  of  the  people  is  at  famine  prices.  Our  commercial  prosperity,  combined  with  'a  deficient  harvest  and  unjust  taxes,  have  rendered  provisions  unusually  high,  and  coals  dear;  whilst  labour  in  some  of  our  manufacturing  towns  is  almost  at  a  stand  still.  The  contest  between  labour  and  capital  in  Preston  and  other  towns,  continues  as  violent  and  as  obstinate  as  ever.  Employers  will  not  yield— yieldworkmen  workmen yieldworkmen  will  not  yield—so  the  consequences  assume  a  threatening  aspect.  If  the  sensible  and  practical  letter  addressed  by  Lord  PALMERSTON  to  the  representative  of  the  working  men  of  Preston,  and  the  excellent  suggestions  therein  thrown  out  to  manufacturers,  act  not  as  oil  upon  the  troubled  waters  of  this  long-pending  struggle,  we  know  not  what  ll  be  the  issue.  We  arc  certain,  however,  that  it  must  be,  and  indeed  already  is,  detrimental  both  to  the  one  and  the  other.  Besides,  poverty  and  destitution,  disease  and  epidemic  are  rife  in  our  midst.  Our  social  contrasts  are  alarming.  In  fact  they  are  unparalleled  in  any  other  country  under  Heaven  !  England,  viewed  says  a  writer  in  the  Westminster  Review,  a  Mezentian_  coupling  of  life  with  death,  great  wealth  with  great  poverty,  fastidious  comfort  with  hideous  squalor,  brilliant  knowledge  with  revolt 'revolt'  ing  ignorance,  delicate  refinement  with  repulsive  Something  must  be  wrong  where  such  evils  can  take  root,  and  be  suffered  to  accumulate.  No  amount  of  commercial  prosperity  can  guarantee  the  safety,  stability,  or  renown  of  any  country  where  such  baneful  influences  diffuse  their  rank.  ness  and  poison  the  sources  of  a  nation's  life.  The  strongest  man  can  easily  and  instantaneously  be  destroyed  by  a  minute  portion  of  poisonous  liquid.  So  the  existence  of  the  mightiest  empire  that  ever  flou flourished  rished flourished  may  also  be  prostrated  by  causes  simple  and  unsuspected.  Nothing  is  more  certain  than  that  those  opposing  phases  of  human  society  cannot  go  on  much  longer  together.  We  cannot  consistently  con  tinue  building  and  endowing  churches  and  colleges,  schools  and  penitentiaries,  and  sending  missiona missionaries  ries missionaries  to  the  most  distant  part  of  the  earth,  whilst  such  astounding  misery,  destitution,  and  crime  exist  within  the  hearts  of  our  greatest  cities  and  most  influential  towns.  However,  although  there  are  causes  enough  for  despondency,  we  are  not  al_  together  without  hope.  Amid  the  darkness  we  can  distinguish  a  gleam  of  sunshine,  which  bids  fair  for  a  day  of  unclouded  splendour.  Society  has  become  convinced  of  its  responsibilities  and  duties,  and  right  earnestly  betakes  itself  to  reform  those  abuses  and  ameliorate  those  miseries  which  its  previous  indifference  and  ignorance  have  called  into  being.  From  the  benevolent  efforts  every  day  put  forth  in  one  quarter  or  another,  we  are  inspired  with  confidence  that  the  evils  of  which  we  complain  will  not  only  be  courageously  battled  with  but  eventually  overcome.  Still  all  the  labour  must  not  devolve  upon  a  few  philanthropists.  Every  patriot  and  good  citizen  must  put  his  shoulder  to  the  wheel,  and  give  a  long  pull,  and  a  strong  pull,  and  a  pull  altogether,  in  order  to  accomplish  so  essen essential  tial essential  an  end.  Every  man  must  consider  himself  obligated,  to  exert  all  his  energies  to  bring  about  a  better  state  of  things.  Every  member  of  the  com community  munity community  has  more  or  less  share  in  the  national  disgrace,  and  has  more  or  less  contributed  to  the  national  calamity.  Hence,  each  individual  is  morally  bound  to  do  what  in  him  lies,  to  obliterate  the  one  and  exterminate  the  other.  Fais  ton  Do  thy  little  stroke  of  This  is  the  call  of  Nature  to  each  man.  The  United  States  Mail  Steam-ship  Baltic,  Captain  Comstock,  sails  from  the  Mersey  for  New  York,  this  day,  with  the  usual  mails  and  passengers.  MATILDA.  WATTENBACH.—This  splendid  vessel,  which  left  Liverpool  about  three  weeks  since,  for  Melbourne,  with  a  number  of  passengers  and  a  large  mail,  is  reported  to  have  put  into  Lisbon,  with  loss  of  topmasts,  lower  mast-heads,  jibbooms,  &amp;c.  Passengers  and  crew  all  .well.  VIOLENT  ASSAULT.—Yesterday,  at  the  Salford  town-hall,  a  young  man  about  19  years  of  age,  was  charged  with  hav having  ing having  committed  a  violent  assault  upon  a  person  of  the  name  of  John  Makin.  It  appeared  that  about  ten  minutes  before  one  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning,  a  person  named  John  Makin  was  going  along  Upper  Booth-street,  when  he  saw  a  number  of  men  round  a  person  of  the  name  of  Yates,  who  was  under  the  influence  of  liquor.  On  going  up  to  see  what  was  the  matter,  he  was  struck  twice,  and  seeing  the  danger  he  was  exposed  to,  from  the  daring  character  of  the  crowd,  was  abwit  to  make  his  escape,  when  the  prisoner  struck  him  a  blow  on  the  head  with  a  poker.  The  injured  man  called  police  a  constable  was  immediately  on  the  spot,  and  the  prisoner  given  into  custody.  The  case  was  remanded.  ROBBERY  OF  TIMBER  FROM  A  WHARF  AT  MANCHES MANCHESTER.—Oa  TER.—Oa MANCHESTER.—Oa  Monday  last  at  the  Manchester  city  police  court,  two  men  named  John  Woodier,  Row-street,  Gay Gaythorne,  thorne, Gaythorne,  and  Joseph  Goodman,  of  Albert-street,  were  brought  up  before  the  magistrates  on  a  charge  of  having  st  o  le  n  a  quantity  of  timber  from  a  wharf  in  Castlefield,  on  Saturday  night.  The  fact  of  the  loss  of  -the  property  was  proved,  and  also  that  certain  timber  had  been  sold  to  Mr.  Parry,  City Cityroad.  road. Cityroad.  The  case  was  remanded  for  further  evidence.  Monday  last  was  observed  as  a  holiday  in  Manchester  and  Salford.  The  mills  and  shops  were  mostly  closed,  and  there  was  a  general  suspension  of  business.  A  gang  of  swindlers  dating  from  Fleet-street,  London,  are  victimising  farmers  and  others  throughout  the  country,  by  advertising  for  consignments  of  poultry,  butter,  eggs,  cte.  They  use  the  name  of  a  well  known  salesman.  They  send  advertisements  to  the  provincial  papers,  which,  of  course,  are  never  paid  for  any  more  than  the  consignments.  Some  parties  in  Dumfriesshire  have  been  plundered  by  them.  COTY  COURT.  -V_  ESTEILDAY.  TILE  STEAM-SHIP  BALTIC.  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ.,  JUDGE.)  The  court  sat  at  ten  yesterday.  THE  LIVERPOOL  DOCK  ESTATE  v.  BROWN.—This  was  an  action  brought  against  the  owners  of  the  United  States  mail  steamer  Baltic,  upon  the  part  of  the  trustees  of  the  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  Dock  Estate,  to  recover  damages  for  injuries  done  to  the  Bell  buoy,  against  which  the  steamer  struck.  The  case  was  tried  in  this  court  by  consent.  The  dock  estate  was  represented  by  Messrs.  BLAIR  and  SmION,  barristers  ;  and  Mr.  JOHN  NORTH,  solicitor.  Messrs.  ASPINALL  and  RAFFLES,  instructed  by  Messrs.  Duncan,  Sqnirrey,  and  Duncan,  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  owners  of  the  Baltic.  Mr.  BLAIR  stated  the  case  upon  behalf  of  the  plaintiffs,  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  occurrence  took  place  on  Thursday  morning,  the  14th  of  April,  when  the  Baltic  was  arriving  in  Liverpool.  She  had  on  board  a  pilot  named  John  James  Ellison,  and  owing  to  a  misapprehension  upon  his  part  that  the  buoy  had  been  passed,  the  vessel  kept  on  full  steam,  and  altered  her  course  in  such  a  manner  that  she  struck  against  the  Bell  buoy,  which  was  torn  from  its  place,  its  hull  completely  broken,  and  injured  so  much  that  a  dup duplicate  licate duplicate  buoy  had  to  be  put  down  on  the  following  day.  Mr.  Blair  handed  in  a  statement  drawn  up  by  the  pilot  and  given  to  the  owners  of  the  vessel,  in  which  he  stated  that  he  thought  he  heard  the  bell  sounding  upon  the  port  quarter  and  he  therefore  concluded  that  he  had  passed  it.  He  therefore  ordered  the  helm  to  be  put  to  starboard  in  order  to  close  the  light,  and  finding  that  they  closed  he  ordered  the  helm  to  be  put  a  little  to  port.  As  soon  as  he  had  got  the  ship's  head  to  the  light  one  of  the  look  oat  men  called  out  that  the  buoy  was  on  the  starboard  bow.  The  captain  called  out  to  starboard  the  helm,  and  the  pilot  repeated  the  order,  which  was  instantly  obeyed.  The  night  was  dark  and  cloudy  over  head  and  on  the  water,  although  the  lights  could  clearly  be  seen.  There  was  not  time  to  avoid  the  buoy,  and  the  vessel  struck  against  it.  Onstriking,  the  engines  were  reversed,  and  coming  on  again  the  ship  passed  the  buoy.  The  pilot  stated  that  if  he  had  not  supposed  they  had  passed  the  buoy,  he  would  not  have  altered  the  helm,  which  caused  the  collision.  All  the  orders  given  were  obeyed  by  the  crew.  The  steamer  was  going  about  twelve  knots  an  hour  at  the  time,  which  the  pilot  did  not  consider  too  fast  a  rate  of  speed,  otherwise  he  would  have  ordered  it  to  be  slackened.  The  collision  took  place  about  two  o'clock  in  the  morning.  Having  read  the  document  drawn  up  by  the  pilot,  and  stated  the  facts  of  the  case,  Mr.  Blair  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  argue  the  question  in  a  legal  point  of  view,  in  '  order  to  show  that  the  owners  of  the  vessel  were  liable,  and  that  the  captain  was  partly  culpable,  in  the  transaction.  He  could  not  conceive,  if  recklessness  of  that  kind  did  not  make  the  captain  liable,  what  could  do  so  ;  nor  et  - STYLE=superscript  Add  he  conceive  a  grosser  case  of  recklessness,  than  running  at  such  a  rate  of  speed,  at  the  very  entrance  of  so  crowded  a  part  of  the  river,  in  the  Victoria  Channel.  He  referred  to  a  variety  of  cases  of  a  similar  kind,  in  which  the  decision  of  the  admi admiralty  ralty admiralty  courts  had  borne  out  the  views  which  he  argued;  and  contended,  that  the  mere  fact  of  the  Baltic  having  taken  a  pilot  on  board,  did  not  exonerate  the  owners  from  responsi responsibility  bility responsibility  in  a  matter  which  was  clearly  within  the  province  of  the  captain  and  crew.  He  contended,  that  in  this  case,  no  sufficient  look-out  had  been  kept,  and  in  the  second  place,  that  the  speed  at  which  the  vessel  was  going  was  of  such  a  character,  as  must  have  been  known  to  be  dangerous  to  vessels  in  the  way.  It  was  quite  clear  that  it  was  not  with  the  object  of  steering  the  vessel  in  a  particular  direction  the  steam  was  got  up,  but  for  the  purpose  of  getting  sooner  to  their  journey's  end.  If  he  satisfied  the  court  that  the  speed  at  which  the  vessel  was  going  was  manifestly  not  necessary  in  order  to  enable  her  to  shape  her  course,  and  that  the  captain  must  have  been  perfectly  aware  that  such  a  speed  was  dangerous,  and  reckless,  he  thought  then  he  should  have  established  a  joint  default  on  the  part  of  tue  pilot  and  of  the  captain.  He  also  contended  that  the  look-out  was  part  of  the  duty  of  the  captain,  and  that  the  captain  was  required  to  see  that  such  a  look-out  was  kept  as  to  avoid  all  damage.  If  the  result  of  the  enormous  speed  at  which  the  vessel  was  going  was  such  as  to  render  such  a  look-out  totally  useless  and  unavailing,  then  he  ap apprehended  prehended apprehended  that  the  liability  was  the  same  as  if  no  look-out  had  been  kept  at  all.  If  the  captain  was  aware  that  the  vessel  was  going  at  such  a  speed  that  a  look-out  was  useless,  because  if  anything  came  in  the  way,  the  vessel  should  go  over  it  before  the  speed  could  be  slackened,  or  her  course  altered  ;  and  if  the  captain  allowed  that  speed  to  be  kept  up  without  any  expostulation,  then  he  contended  that  was  the  same  as  if  the  captain  wilfully  navigated  the  vessel  without  having  a  sufficient  look-out  kept,  inasmuch  as  lie  navigated  the  ship  at  such  a  speed  as  to  render  any  look-out  useless.  His  HONOR  :  I  understand  the  doctrine  ;  but  I  want  to  draw  your  attention  to  the  fact  that  a  case  you  have  cited  does  not  go  to  the  full  extent  which  you  say  I  should  go  to.  The  circumstances  were  these—that  although  the  vessel  was  under  the  direction  of  a  pilot,  such  a  look-out  had  not  been  kept  as  would  enable  the  pilot  to  do  his  ol,sn  duty,  and  the  want  of  that  look-out  was  clear  negligence  upon  the  part  of  the  crew  of  the  vessel,  which  the  pilot  could  not  supply  by  any  amount  of  judgment  on  his  part.  Now,  you  ask  me  to  go  a  little  further.  Ido  not  say  that  I  may  be  oblige:.  to  go  to  that  extent  or  not,  but  you  ask  me  to  say  this,  that  the  pilot  is  not  responsible,  but  that  the  master  is,  for  the  speed  which,  according  to  your  statement,  both  knew  to  be  im improper,  proper, improper,  the  speed  being  a  thing  which,  by  common  practice,  we  know  to  be  directed  by  the  pilot.  Mr.  BLAIR  contended  that  it  was  sufficient  if  he  could  prove  that  there  was  joint  negligence,  and  said  he  would  show  that  joint  negligence  did  exist  in  this  instance.  His  HONOR  :  I  have  no  hesitation  in  saying  that  it  is  my  opinion  that  the  speed  may  be  as  much  in  the  duty  of  the  pilot,  and  to  prevent  the  speed  from  being  too  great,  as  any anything  thing anything  else;  because  circumstances  may  arise  in  which  it  may  be  all-important  to  go  at  full  speed—there  may  be  such  a  state  of  the  bar,  of  the  wind,  of  the  tide,  the  probability  of  meeting  other  vessels,  or  such  circumstances,  which  may  ren  •  der  it  absolutely  the  duty  of  the  pilot  to  conduct  the  speed  of  the  vessel.  Mr.  BLA.IR  :  It  is  for  them  to  show  that  ;  but  I  think  I  will  show  you  that  the  facts  of  the  case  can  establish  no  such  necessity,  but  merely  that  the  speed  was  put  on  for  the  purpose  of  making  the  voyage  in  a  shorter  time.  Mr.  Blair  further  contended  that  if  there  was  negli negligence  gence negligence  in  running  down  a  sloop,  there  must  have  been  still  greaternegligence  in  running  down  a  buoy,  the  situation  of  which  should  have  been  known.  He  referred  to  the  dock  act,  in  which  it  was  laid  down  that  for  such  negligence  £2O  should  be  forfeited,  in  adlition  to  making  good  the  amount  of  damage  done.  His  HONOR:  But  you  are  not  proceeding  under  that  act.  Mr.  BLAIR  :  I  only  point  it  out  as  tending  to  show  the  general  Rrinciple  of  the  legiSlature.  Mr.  Blair  having  con concluded  cluded concluded  his  address,  The  document  written  by  the  pilot  was  read  as  evidence  by  Mr.  Statham.  The  first  witness  called  was  Mr.  William  Lord,  who  was  examined  by  Mr.  Simon.  Mr.  Lord  stated  that  he  had  been  17  years  marine  surveyor  to  the  dock  estate.  Produced  a  chart  of  the  channel.  The  bell-buoy  was  of  iron,  her  ton tonnage  nage tonnage  22  tons,  and  the  bell  4  cwt.  3  qrs.  She  was  moored  at  23  feet  low  water  on  the  4th.  April  last.  She  was  moored  with  a  wrought  iron  welded  stud  chain,  and  an  anchor  of  12  cwt.  A  very  slight  motion  of  the  water  was  sufficient  to  sound  the  bell,  which  was  self-acting,  so  much  so  that  when  the  gates  of  the  Toxteth  dock  were  opened  it  was  heard  to  ring.  On  the  14th  of  April,  about  two  o'clock  in  the  morn morning,  ing, morning,  the  depth  of  water  upon  the  bar  was  34  feet.  Saw  the  beacon  after  the  accident,  when  it  was  brought  into  Liver Liverpool.  pool. Liverpool.  The  bow  of  the  Baltic  appeared  to  have  crossed  the  bulkheads  diagonally,  and  torn  out  a  large  hole  in  the  bot bottom.  tom. bottom.  His  HONOR:  How  do  you  suppose  ,from  the  injury,  that  the  Baltic  came  upon  the  beacon  ?  Mr.  LORD  said  the  Baltic  appeared  to  have  struck  the  beacon  with  her  bow.  The  upper  part  of  the  mast  head  was  broken,  and  he  believed  a  cat-head  was  torn  from  the  Baltic's  bow,  and  the  anchor  fell  upon  the  beacon,  and  getting  fastened  in  it  a  great  quantity  of  chain  was  dragged  out,  so  much,  he  thought,  as  50  or  60  fathoms  of  chain.  Mr.  SimoN  :  Of  the  Baltic's  chain  ?  Mr.  LORD  :  Yes.  The  masthead  and  the  bell  of  the  beacon  were  gone  altogether,  the  mast  was  also  sprung  in  the  lower  part,  and  the  beacon's  moorings  were  sprung.  The  beacon  had  been'repaired  since  At  a  cost  of  £3lO  18s.  Should  think  the  Baltic  was  about  17  feet  draft,  Does  not  think  a  vessel  of  the  kind  could  have  come  up  at  such  a  speed  as  twelve  knots  an  hour.  The  diminished  speed  should  have  commenced  probably  ten  minutes  or  so  before  she  met  the  Bell  beacon.  She  should  have  reduced  half  speed  probably.  It  is  the  duty  of  the  master  of  the  vessel  to  have  ordered  the  lead  to  be  kept  going  until  after  the  vessel  had  passed  over  the  bar.  The  bar  is  three  quarters  of  a  mile  inside  the  buoy.  The  sound  of  the  bell  would  probably  have  been  heard  a  couple  of  miles  upon  such  a  night.  It  must  have  wanted  about  half  an  hour  of  high  water  at  the  time  the  accident  occurred.  The  velocity  at  which  the  vessel  was  going  and  the  noise  of  her  own  paddles  might  have  prevented  the  sound  of  the  bell  being  heard.  Having  heard  the  statement  of  the  pilot  he  (Mr.  Lord)  attributed  the  accident,  in  the  first  place,  to  the  pilot  having  mistaken  his  position,  and  principally  to  the  great  velocity  with  which  the  vessel  was  navigated.  When  the  look-out  man  saw  the  beacon,  before  the  course  could  .be  altered  the  vessel  was  on  her.  Thinks  sounding  would  most  undoubtedly  have  enabled  them  to  ascertain  whether  they  had  passed  the  beacon  or  not;  but  soundings  could  not  have  been  made  at  the  rate  the  vessel  was  going.  It  also  appeared  to  him  from  the  speed  at  which  she  was  going  that  a  look-out  was  of  no  advantage  at  all.  At  the  stated  time  it  must  have  been  just  about  the  time  when  the  steamers  would  be  leaving  the  docks,  and  it  would  be  likely  that  many  vessels  would  be  about  to  cross  the  bar  at  the  time.  _  To  Mr.  ASPINALL  :  There  might  be  some  doubt  about  the  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
