text
"WM.  P.  Dr.  Harwood:  I  believe  there  was  another  letter  demanded  in  the  summon  said  to  have  been  sent  by  Palmer,  end  received  by  the  coroner  from  Bates,  on  the  13th  of  anon'  ber,  and  bearing  upon  this  question,  which  has  not  bell  Mr.  Phillips:  Have  you  brought  any  other  letter  froragr  Witness  :  No;  Mr.  Ward  denies  positively  have,  any  other  letter  from  Bates  than  the  one  he  has  sent  George  Bates  was  then  re-called  and  repeated  the  statement  made  in  his  former  examination.  He  distinctli  swore  to  delive  r  i  ng  a  l  etter  from  Palmer  to  Mr.  Ward,  011  the  Sth  of  Deeembep  at  the  Dolphin,  on  the  same  day  SS  he  took  him  the  game  from  Palmer,  and  also  to  delivering  a  second  letter  from  Palmer  to  Mr.  Ward,  on  the  lath  of  December;  he  met  Mr.  Ward  coming  from  the  railwel  station  at  Stafford,  between  the  station  and  the  Junction  Hotel,  and  it  was  there  he  gave  him  the  letter.  Mr.  Frantz,  a  dealer  in  game,  at  Stafford,  deposed  to  tha  last  witness,  Bates,  c  o  mi  ng  to  '  hi  s  shop  on  the  Bth  of  December,  and  giving  him  a  letter  from  Mr.  Palmer;  the  letter  contained  an  order  for  some  game  ;  he  supplied  OW  game,  with  the  excep  ti  on  of  one  pheasant,  and,  by  th  direction  of  the  last  wit  ness  ,  sent  them  to  the  Junction  Hotel.  M  r  .  P  a  l  mer  stated  in  the  letter  that  they  were  t  present  for  L  on  d  on  ;  they  were  booked  to  Mr.  Palmer,  11061  were  not  yet  paid  for.  g  received  again  t  called,reht  edirection,  aid  he  received  ved  redirectedth  e  gam  i  ::  1 STYLE=superscript  the  t  Mr.G  Junction  Be  d,  a  Hotel,l  t STYLE=superscript  r  s STYLE=superscript  o  q  uested  by  Mr.  P  a  l  mer.  Dr.  Ha  rwoo  d  sa  id  i  t  would  now  become  the  duty  Of  the  bench  to  commit  the  prisoner  for  trial  at  the  assizes,  to  Staff9rd  gaol,  on  a  charge  of  misclemeanour,  for  opening  letter  passing  through  his  hands  as  postmaster  of  Rogerar  atd  they  now  gave  him  an  opportunity  of  saying  anything  he  liked  in  his  own  defence.  After  being  cautioned.  The  prisoner  said  :  I  do  not  think  I  have  any  nnswer  to  the  charge.  I  have  admitted  that  I  opened  the  letter.  the  letter  never  left  the  office,  and  was  never  out  of  th  e STYLE=superscript  ,  offiee  at  all,  but  l  oo  k  e  d  up  in  Mr.  Gardener's  bag.  I  do  net  think  I  have  anything  further  to  state  beyond  what  I  have  already  stated,  unless  I  have  a  copy  of  the  depositions.  Dr.  Harwood  :  There  is  your  own  deposition,  in  which  you  admit  opening  the  letter.  At  the  prisoner's  own  request,  the  deposition  made  by  himself  was  here  read.  Dr.  Harwood  :  Do  you  admit  the  truth  of  the  sitinn  ?  The  prisoner:  I  do,  but  I  hare  proof  that  the  letter  n  evef  left  the  office,  but  was  despatched  to  Mr.  Gardaner  at  °Mock  in  the  morning.  The  prisoner  was  then  full  committed  for  trial,  but  wag  admitted  to  b  a  il,  hi  mself  in  £lOO,  and  two  sureties  of  ,Siu  CORONER'S  INQUE STYLE=superscript  STS.  — STYLE=superscript  Yestesclay  the  Coroner  held  O'  g STYLE=superscript  ,  following  inquests  :—On  the  body  of  a  child,  named  Howe  ],  Howell,  aged  five  years,  who  resided  with  his  parents  o STYLE=superscript  ,  t STYLE=superscript  ,  No.  23,  Cli  ve  -  street.  On  Monday  the  child  pulled  a  not  r  Verdict  accidental  death  tne  effects  of  The  ninthnr  of"
