text
"Brandy  •  •  Gin.  •  •  .....  ••  Whisky  ••••  Rum  Cordials  Perfumed  5pirit5.....  ......  Wine  containing  more  than  25  per  cent.  of  alchohol  of  a  specific,  gravity  of  823,  at  the  tempe  ra  tu  re  )  of  509  of  Fahrenheit's  thermo.  meter....  All  other  wine......  ....  Tea,  per  lb  Refined  sugar,  per  cwt  Unrefined  ditto  Mo'aeses,  ditto  Coffee,  per  lb  Chicory  Cigars,  per  1b....  Manufactured  tobacco,  ditto  Unmanufactured  dit  o,  ditto  Snuff  Ale  and  beer  in  wood,  per  gal.  Ale  and  beer  in  bottle  s.  d. STYLE=superscript  s.  d.  s. STYLE=superscript  d. STYLE=superscript  6  0  9  0  10  0  6  0  9  0  to  0  406  0  7  0  406  0  7  0  6  0  9  0  10  0  406  o  7  0  1)  0  10  2  0  0  1}  0  3  34  6  8  26  5  0  18  3  4  0  0i  0  2  O  0  2  0  1  0  O  8  2  0  O  1  0  2  O  2  3  0  2  0  2  0  2  0  O  1  O  2  By  this  change  it  is  said  G  oveznment  will  gain  an  increased  revenue  on  tea  of  27,000/,  and  on  sugar  of  35,000/  per  annum.  The  commercial  record  of  the  Empire  of  the  15th  of  September  states  that—  A  further  rise  in  the  price  of  flour  has  taken  place,  and  stocks  are  so  low  that  fresh  arrivals  will  meet  with  immediate  sales.  Firsts  are  quoted  at  35!  per  ton,  seconds  at  331.  Mr.  Breillart  reports  that  the  rapid  manner  in  which  the  late  importations  of  wheat  and  flour  have  moved  off  has  induced  a  rise  in  the  market.  Wheat  is  now  selling  for  14s  a  bushel.  Exchange,  3  per  cent  premium.  THE  RUGELEY  POISONING  CASES  Every  day  brings  forth  new  information  in  relation  to  those  mysterious  affairs.  It  has  also  been  mentioned,  although  the  particulars  have  not  been  given  in  detail,  that  a  person,  the  agent  of  a  brewer,  was  on  a  visit  to  Palmer  about  five  years  since,  and  that  he  died  there.  That  person  was  a  Mr.  Bladen,  who  was  a  collector  in  Charrington's  firm.  Mr.  Bladen  had  been  staying  with  Palmer  about  six  days,  and  during  that  period  he  was  taken  suddenly  ill.  Palmer  attended  him,  and  in  a  letter  to  his  wife  stated  that  her  husband  was  dangerously  ill,  'ld  requested  her  to  come  to  Rugeley  without  delay.  On  arrival  the  same  night,  she  was  shown  into  Mr.  're  she  found  Mr.  Palmer  and  Mr.  As  at  the  time  insensible,  and  dying  showed  her  to  --  in  Bladen'  ThirlbN  's  bed-room,  wh  Bladen  fast.  Palmer  _  remain  _....  the  bedroom  but  a  few  minutes,  and  in  an  hour  or  two  after afterwards  wards afterwards  Bladen  ceased  to  exist.  Subsequently  she  requested  to  see  her  husband's  dead  body,  but  Palmer  would  not  allow  her  to  do  so,  alleging  that  the  body  was  decom decomposing  posing decomposing  very  fast,  and  that  the  sight  would  be  too  much  for  her.  Palmer's  wife  (the  subject  of  the  pending  inquiry)  was  greatly  agitated  when  she  heard  of  Bladen's  death,  and  exclaimed,  My  poor  mother  died  when  on  a  visit  here  last  year,  and  now  this  man.  What  will  people  say  Palmer  afterwards  searched  Bladen's  pockets,  and  brought,  as  he  stated,  the  contents  to  Mrs.  Bladen,  namely,  151.  Mrs.  Bladen  was  'surprised  at  the  small smallness  ness smallness  of  the  amount,  her  husband  having  left  London,  as  she  believed,  with  2001.  in  his  pocket.  Palmer  replied  that  since  Bladen  had  been  in  Rugeley,  he  had  been  betting  heavily,  and  had  been  very  unfortunate.  Mrs.  Bladen  desired  to  have  the  body  removed  to  London,  but  Palmer  persuaded  her  not  to  do  so,  as  the  expense  would  be  so  great.  She  afterwards  ascertained  that  the  sum  could  not  have  been  nearly  so  large  as  he  represented.  In  addition  to  the  persons  who  have  been  already  referred  to  as  supposed  victims  of  Palmer,  another  has  been  recently  named.  Information  has  just  been  given  to  Capt.  Hatton,  the  chief  of  the  Staffordshire  constabulary,  that  a  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  connected  with  the  Turf,  who  was  accompanied  by  Palmer  to  the  races  at  Leicester  not  a  great  while  since,  whose  horse  won  there,  and  who  was  said  to  have  realised  a  large  sum  of  money  by  his  bet betting  ting betting  on  the  race,  became  dangerously  ill  immediately  afterwards,  and  was  attended  professionally  by  Palmer.  Before  his  death  the  poor  fellow's  wife  had  arrived  at  his  bedside,  summoned  there  by  the  dying  man.  He  had  strength  sufficient  to  tell  that  he  had  won  a  large  sum  from  Palmer,  and  in  a  day  or  so  afterwards  he  expired.  As  soon  after  death  as  was  compatible  with  the  melancholy  position  which  the  widow  occupied,  she  told  Palmer  what  her  husband  had  said  to  her,  and  as  there  was  scarcely  any  money  found  in  the  deceased's  pockets,  asked  him  for  a  portion  of  the  money  which  her  deceased  husband  had  won  from  him  in  betting.  Palmer,  it  is  said,  replied  that  she  was  greatly  misled  ;  that,  on  the  contrary,  her  husband  was  largely  indebted  to  him.  In  consequence  of  Palmer's  refusal  to  pay  her  any  money,  she  had  to  borrow  money  to  bury  her  husband,  and  to  enable  her  to  return  to  her  home.  On  Friday  next  Professor  Taylor  will  be  present  to  give  evidence  as  to  the  poisonous  contents  of  the  stomachs  of  Mrs.  Anne,  and  Mr.  Walter  Palmer.  The  case  of  the  late  Mr.  Cook  is  still  the  engrossing  topic  of  conversation  in  sporting  circles,  and  the  revelations  which  are  daily  made  deepens  the  sensation  of  horror  and  disgust  which  all  persons  feel.  All  attempts  to  dis discover  cover discover  poor  Cook's  betting-book  :have  failed,  and  a  sug suggestion  gestion suggestion  has  therefore  been  made  to  apply  to  the  memben  of  the  Ring,  to  ascertain,  if  possible,  what  money  was  paid  to  or  received  from  the  deceased  at  Shrewsbury,  Palmer's  racing  stud,  comprising  The  Chicken,  Nettle,  Rip  Van  Winkle,  the  Seaweed  filly,  Lurley,  Staffordshire  Nan,  and  eleven  others,  is  advertised  to  be  sold  by  Messrs.  Tattersall,  on  Monday,  January  14th.  The  sale  of  the  household  effects  of  Palmer  commenced  on  Friday,  and  continued  on  Saturday.  Towards  the  close  of  the  sale  in  the  evening  one  of  the  bailiffs,  who  had  been  put  in  posses possession,  sion, possession,  discovered  a  kind  of  private  drawer,  in  a  chest  of  drawers,  which,  on  being  opened,  was  found  to  contain  a  bundle  of  papers  belonging  to  Palmer,  and  an  old  diary  which  had  been  kept  by  him,  and  all  which  are  stated  to  furnish  information  of  an  important  character.  They  have  been  taken  possession  of  by  the  police.  THE  LATE  EXPLOS'ON  IN  WOOLWICH  AESENAL.—The  Government  has  directed  that  the  widows  and  families  of  the  three  men  who  died  from  the  injuries  resulting  from  the  late  explosion  shall  continue  to  receive  a  'sum  equal  to  the  amount  of  wages  formerly  paid  to  the  deceased.  The  same  payment  is  also  to  be  paid  to  the  families  of  the  sufferers  now  at  the  Royal  Ordnance  Hospital.  THE  LATE  TRAGEDY  IN  THE  MINORIES.--The  wretched  man  Corrigan  awaits  in  Newzate  his  trial  at  the  sessions  of  the  Central  Criminal  Court,  which  commence  this  day.  The  funeral  of  the  murderedfemale  took  place  yesterday  afternoon,  at  two  o'clock,  and  from  what  can  be  gleaned,  it  seems  that  the  fonr  helpless  children  will  be  removed  to  the  workhouse  of  St.  Matthew,  Bethnal-green,  Bonner's-fields,  Victoria Victoriapark.  park. Victoriapark.  It  appears  that  Corrigan  belonged  to  a  Foresters'  Society,  and  was  a  free  member,  but  the  committee  con connected  nected connected  •  with  the  club  have  refused  to  allow  the  £6  which  was  expected  for  the  deceased's  funeral  !  On  Friday,  the  prisoner  was  occupied  in  writing  several  letters,  which  were  forwarded  by  post  to  the  various  parties  to  whom  they  were  directed,"
