text
"are  we  called  upon  to  do  ?  If  we  hand  it  down  to  those  who  come  after  us  in  a  solvent  state,  with  a  balance  besides,  what  more  than  that  do  they  require  of  us  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  The  leasehold  of  the  corporation  may  be  taken  at  from  two  to  three  millions.  Now  upon  that  amount,  £20,000  would  be  but  1  per  cent.  Put  the  property  into  the  hands  of  an  actuary,  who  understands  these  things,  and  I  am  quite  satisfied  that  very  much  more  might  be  made  of  it.  How However,  ever, However,  in  all  this,  I  must  not  be  supposed  to  allude  to  the  finance  committee.  They  have  a  most  able  and  highly  honourable  chairman,  to  whom  the  town  is  much  indebted  for  his  long  services.  (Hear,  hear.)  lam  not  a  member  of  the  finance  committee.  Of  that,  however,  I  do  not  complain  ;  but  I  venture  to  bring  these  matters  before  you  in  order  that  you  may  turn  them  over  in  your  minds,  if  you  have  not  already  done  so.  There  is  another  matter  to  which  I  wish  to  allude.  The  accounts  of  the  corporation  are  printed  and  published  yearly,  and  I  believe  they  are  con considered  sidered considered  to  be  pretty  well  kept,  but  there  is  no  member  of  the  council  who  can  tell  you,  or  who  has  the  means  of  ascertain ascertaining,  ing, ascertaining,  what  the  property  of  the  corporation  in  the  streets  of  the  town  is.  I  say  such  a  list  should  be  in  the  hands  of  every  member  of  the  council,  which  would  tell  him  every  yard  of  property  they  had  in  every  street  in  the  town.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  I  will  tell  you,  gentlemen,  why  I  propose  that  course.  Because  I  feel  that  if  that  property  were  my  own  I  would  do  so  myself.  Now,  what  is  good  for  one's  self,  is  generally  speaking—although,  of  course,  the  rule  will  not  always  hold-good  for  the  public.  (Hear,  hear.)  That  is,  I  am  sure,  a  sound  principle  in  itself.  Now  there  is  file  other  matter  to  which  I  wish  to  make  allusion,  which  is  this  —I  hope  I  shall  not  excite  any  unfriendly  feelings  in  alluding  to  it  :  It  is  unfortunately  the  case  that  the  corpo corporation  ration corporation  churches,  after  giving  credit  for  the  very  small  amount  of  rent  received,  cost  something  like  £3,400  per  annum.  Now  I  think  those  churches  might  be  disposed  of.  The  appointments  are  gone.  Perhaps  you  would  ask  who  would  buy  a  number  of  churches  which  are  bringing  you  into  debt  each  year.  But  I  have  faith  in  the  management  of  private  individuals  over  public  bodies,  who  are  generally  imposed  upon,  and  I  think  if  these  churches  were  once  disposed  of—and  at  present  they  are  an  eyesore  to  almost  every  one  who  knows  anything  about  them—l  think  it  would  be  a  happy  circumstance  for  the  Corporation.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  just  one  other  point,  gentlemen.  I  know  and  I  have  felt  that  having  for  a  long  series  of  years  differed  from  those  whom  I  now  see  around  me,  both  upon  political,  municipal,  and  other  matters,  it  is  only  fair  that  1  should  now  state  that  when  I  changed  my  views  it  was  from  con conviction.  viction. conviction.  (Great  cheering.)  The  first  occasion  upon  which  I  felt  the  raponeibility-  of  my  position,  and  that  I  could  no  *longer  regard  society,  as  divided  into  classes,  was  the  occa occasion  sion occasion  upon  which  I  was  made  mayor  of  Liverpool.  I  then  seriously  saw  that,  however  honest  I  may  have  been,  how however  ever however  I  may  have  acted,  in  the  cause  which  I  then  advocated,  it  must  have  been  in  practice  only  for  the  benefit  of  a  few,  and  not  for  the  benefit  of  many.  When  I  came  to  look  closely  into  matters,  I  saw  at  once  that  plenty  was  better  than  scarcity  —that  protection  might  answer,  and  I  don't  think  it  did  answer  very  well  for  the  few,  but  that  it  was  destructive  to  the  many.  (Cries  of  hear,  hear,  and  loud  cheers.)  I  felt  that  it  was  a  gross  injustice  and  a  tyranny  to  the  poor,  that  it  was  an  exercise  of  power  which  no  man  or  men  had  any  right  to  claim,  and  I  could  not  reconcile  it  to  my  conscience  to  continue  to  advocate  the  political  views  and  principles  which  unfortunately  had  occupied  a  very  great  portion  of  my  time  and  thoughts.  (Cheers.)  Well,  now,  gentlemen,  Ido  not  blame  those  who  in  this  very  ward  make  faces  at  me  as  I  go  along.  It  is  natural  that  they  should  feel,  herhaps,  hurt  that  I  am  not  dragging  along  in  the  mire,  as  they  are.  Let  me  say  this,  that  on  the  day  I  changed,  I  yielded  to  what  I  believed  to  be  right,  and  I  feel  no  dis disgrace.  grace. disgrace.  (Cheers.)  It  reminds  me  of  the  occasion  when  I  opposed  Mr.  Earle.  I  opposed  Mr.  Earle  with  the  same  honest  purpose  with  which  I  now  support  him,  and  I  am  ready  to  acknowledge  my  error,  and  to  proclaim  it  at  the  cross.  (Loud  cheers.)  If  a  man  does  what  is  right,  he  never  need  be  ashamed.  But,  gentlemen,  I  have  to  say  this,  and  I  would  hold  it  out  as  an  olive  branch  to  those  who  differ  with  me  now  in  opinion,  that  since  I  joined  the  liberal  party,  I  have  never  once  been  reminded  of  my  former  misdeeds.  (Cheers.)  I  have  been  treated  with  the  most  gentlemanlike  feeling,  and  I  wish  that  others  would  follow  my  example  in  joining  this  party.  (Cheers.)  lam  sure  that  if  they  did,  they  would  ever  feel  gratified  at  the  change.  They  may  assure  themselves  that  it  is  not  possible  to  carry  any  measure—such  is  the  freedom  of  this  country—which  is  calculated  to  be  injurious  to  the  good  of  the  whole  commu community.  nity. community.  (Cheers.)  I  say  that  it  is  not  in  our  power,  or  the  power  of  any  one  else,  to  do  so,  and  fortunate  that  it  is  not  ;  and,  therefore,  when  we  see  any  man,  tory,  whig,  or  radical,  let  us  know  that  his  heart  is  right;  find  out  whether  or  not  he  would  yield  to  the  persuasion  of  men  as  parties  ;  whether  he  is  sincere  and  honest,  and  if  you  assure  yourselves  that  these  different  points  are  in  your  favour,  it  is  in  vain  to  talk  about  politics.  (Loud  cheers.)  If  you  get  men  who  hold  honest  views  politics  will  always  be  controlled  by  their  voices.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  gentlemen,  I  have  troubled  you  too  long.  (No,  no.)  I  feel  that  some  apology  is  due  ;  but  I  assure  you,  that  if  my  conduct  has  been  satisfactory  to  the  town  at  large,  and  to  you  specially,  my  kind  friends  of  the  Abercromby  ward,  I  feel  highly  gratified,  and  can  only  sea  to  t.  assure  you,  that  my  best  ende  avours  shall  be,  to  merit  the  r  u  s  m  to  JUMP  wase  resumed  called  upon  his  good  opinion  which  has  b  een  so  genera  lly  ex  p  resse  d  h  ere  this  evening.  (Loud  an  d  en  th  us  i  as  ti  c  c  h  eer  i  ng  ,  am  id  w  hi  c  h  Mr.  Mr.  ) STYLE=superscript  propose,  The  volunteers  from  other  wards,  who  rendered  us  essential  (Cheers.)  The  toast  was  responded  to  by  Mr.  Kirkus  and  Mr.  Corkhill.  Mr.  OwENs,  in  a  lengthened  and  eloquent  address,  pro proposed  posed proposed  Prosperity  to  the  town  and  trade  of  Mr.  JEFFREY  responded  in  an  able  and  practical  speech,  in  which  he  eulogised  Mr.  Gladstone  and  Mr.  Earle,  and  pointed  to  several  errors  committed  by  the  town  council.  He  alluded  to  several  defects  in  the  sewerage  of  the  town,  of  which  he  gave  a  practical  instance  which  came  under  his  own  experience.  He  also  alluded  to  a  recent  appointment  of  an  alderman  by  the  council,  a  gentleman  who,  he  stated,  was  always  remarkable  for  his  bitter  political  partizanship,  an  d  stated  that  an  insult  was  offered  to  the  public  in  the  manner  of  that  gentleman's  election.  He  dwelt  upon  the  great  importance  of  good  municipal  government,  and  showed  how,  with  an  improved  ruling  body,  Liverpool  might  rise  to  even  more  surprising  prosperity  than  she  had  as  yet  attained.  Mr.  Jeffrey  was  loudly  applauded.  The  VICE-CHAIRMAN  gave  the  (Cheers.)  Mr.  CHARLES  WILLMER  briefly  responded.  The  CHAIRMAN  proposed  the  Mr.  BAINES  returned  thanks.  The  Land  we  Live  in  was  the  next  toast,  which  was  spoken  to  by  Mr.  DA.LZIEL,  in  an  address  of  remarkable  eloquence  and  power,  which  was  loudly  applauded.  The  was  replied  to  by  Mr.  F.  HULL.  Mr.  EARLE  in  a  few  words  proposed  the  health  of  the  Chairman,  which  was  received  with  all  the  honors.  The  CHAIRMAN  returned  thanks.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  proposed  the  health  of  the  Vice-chairman,  which  was  also  received  with  enthusiasm.  The  VICE-CHAIRMAN  having  expressed  his  thanks,  the  formal  list  of  toasts  was  declared  closed,  and  the  company  shortly  after  separated."
