text
"TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  Sole  Lessee,  Mr.  W.  R.  Copeland,  15,  Great  Charlotte-street.  IMMENSE  SUCCESS  OF  PABLO  FANQUE'S  COMPANY!  GRAND  ROUTINE  OF  EQUESTRIAN  NOVELTIES,  MR.  PABLO  FANQUE,  ever  anal  us  to  cater  for  Novelties,  has  great  pleasure  In  informing  the  Public,  that  he  has  engaged,  for  SIX  NIGHTS  ONLY,  STOKE'S  AMERICAN  WONDERS  YOUNG  LEON,  MADEMOISELLE  ELLA,  from  Drury  Lane  Theatre.  They  will  appear  on  Monday  Evening,  December  19th.—  Another  Change  of  Performance  Tots  EVICNING  (Saturday),  Dec.  17th.—TWO  GRAND  DAY  JUVENILE  FETES  Next  Week,  on  Wednesday,  Dec.  21,  and  Friday,  Dec.  23.  Duors  open  at  One,  to  commence  at  Two.  In  the  Evening  the  Doors  open  at  a  quarter  to  Seven,  and  Performances  commence  at  half-past  Seven.  Prices  of  Admission:  Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  2s,  6d.;  Pit,  Is.  6d.;  Stalls,  Is.  6d.;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.  6;  Pit,  Is.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Second  Price,  to  Boxes  and  Pit,  at  nine  o'clock.  ROYAL  ADELPHI  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington.  Tuts  Evarriso  (Saturday),  December  lith,  A  VARIETY  OF  FAVOURITE  E  N'l'  ERTAINM  ENT  S.—ln  preparation,  the  Magnificent  New  Comic  PANTOMIME,  which  will  be  produced  during  the  Christmas  Holidays,  with  Gorgeous  New  Scenery  by  Messrs.  Mathews  and  Ramaden,  Machinery  by  Mr.  Atkins.  and  Appointments  by  Mr.  Gibbs,  entitled  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  SINBAI)  THE  SAILOR,  AND  TUN  FAIRY  or  CORAL  GROT.  Sinbad,  the  sailor,  Miss  Carre,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Haymarket.  Harlequin,  Mr.  C.  Brown.  Pantaloon,  Mr.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesale.  Sprite,  Signor  SylrauL—Centre  Boxes,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.;  Pit  6d.;  Gal Gallery,  lery, Gallery,  ad.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament  Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  Tuts  EVANING  (Saturday),  Dec.  17th,  the  Performances  will  com commence  mence commence  with  a  new  Domestic  Drama,  enticed  THE  MURDER  OF  THE  GLEN;  or,  THE  OLD  STONE  QUARRY.  A  FAVOURITE  DANCE,  by  Mrs.  Appleby.  To  be  followed  by  the  laughable  Inter Interlude  lude Interlude  entitled  ALL  IN  THE  WRONG,  in  which  Mrs.  Appleby  will  appear.  To  conclude  with  the  Romantic  and  Historical  Drama  of  JACK  SHEPPARD.  Jack  Sheppard,  by  Alias  Marriott.—  On  MONDAY  EVENING,  A  NEW  DRAMA  of  powerful  interest.—  blo  Performance  on  Tuesday,  Wednesday,  Thursday,  and  Friday,  in  consequence  of  the  arrangements  necessary  for  the  New  Pantomime.  —ln  Rehearsal,  the  New  Grand  Local  Christmas  Pantomime,  ORMSHEAD  THE  GREAT  . STYLE=superscript  ;  or,  HARLEQUIN  &amp;  JENNY  J  ONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON.  Columbine,  Mademoiselle  Rose;  Harlequin,  Sig.  Guarrino;  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson;  Inimitable  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby.—Doors  open  at  half-past  six,  commence  at  seven  o'clock.—Admission,  Private  Boxes,  *Ls.  ;  ,  Boxes  Is.;  Pit,  6d.;  Gallery.  3d.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  This  DAY—Morning,  Oh.  0m....  Afternoon,  Oh.  12m.  SATURDAY,  DECEMBER  17,  1853  THE  resignation  of  Lord  PALMERSTON,  first  an,  nounced  in  Liverpool  in  the  Second  Edition  of  the  NORTHERN  DALLY  TIMES  of  yesterday,  appears  to  be  but  too  true.  Our  London  cotemporaries  in  the  Government  interest  have  shown  such  extreme  anxiety  to  assure  the  public  that  the  step  has  not  been  taken  from  any  disapproval  of  the  policy  of  the  Cabinet  on  the  Eastern  question,  that  we  are  much  inclined  to  believe,  if  it  has  not  solely,  it  has  mainly  contributed  to  produce  on  the  mind  of  Lord  PALM  ERSTON  the  positive  pro propriety  priety propriety  of  the  course  he  has  so  unexpectedly  adopted.  We  cannot  believe  that  a  man  of  his  character  and  long  experience  in  the  service  of  the  State  would  have  allowed  any  minor  consideration  on  matters  which  are  to  come  on  for  public  discussion  to  have  induced  him  to  take  a  stop  which  must  inevitably  produce  great  embarrassments  in  this  country,  and  no  small  consternation  abroad.  If  the  Eastern  question  had  nothing  to  do  with  Lord  PALMERSRON'S  retirement  from  the  Cabinet,  where  was  the  necessity  for  the  Government  journals  rushing  out  to  explain  away  a  doubt  which  had  not  been  raised  ?  Over-zealous  persons  thus  ge generallyprove  nerallyprove generallyprove  the  fact  they  wish  to  disprove.  And  we  do  not  hesitate  to  declare  our  firm  conviction  that  the  present  state  of  things  has  been  produced  solely  by  the  policy  of  Lord  ABERDEEN  on  this  very  question.  Our  private  correspondent  in  Lon London  don London  informs  us  that  this  opinion  prevailed  on  the  London  Stock  Exchange,  and  throughout  the  Me Metropolis,  tropolis, Metropolis,  and  our  experience  of  yesterday  enables  us  to  affirm  that  the  same  opinion  was  universal  on  the  Liverpool  'Change,  as  well  as  that  of  Man Manchester.  chester. Manchester.  If  Lord  ABERDEEN  continues  to  hold  the  position  he  now  occupies,  we  see  no  reason  to  doubt  but  that  each  successive  day  will  usher  in  some  new  difficulty  and  danger.  The  present  position  of  the  country  will  not  admit  any  very  prolonged  state  of  suspense  at  this  all-important  crisis.  England  not  only  requires  a  perfectly  united,  but  she  must  have  a  bold,  vigorous  and  enlightened  Cabinet,  whose  services  may  be  relied  on  in  perfect  confidence  by  all  classes  of  the  community  ;  and  this  is  not  the  moment  for  a  Cabinet  to  be  breaking  up  on  minor  details  of  a  new  scheme  for  internal  reform  ,  Our  London  advices  of  last  night  supply  little  a  •  -4  or,)  i STYLE=superscript  or  no  o  n  addition  to  that  we  have  al already  ready already  jai  before  our  readers.  THE  residriation  of  Lord  PALMERSTON  at  this  17  ‘FTS  critical  moment,  is  a  matter  for  serious  reflection.  On  his  reptitixtion,  as  a  statesman,  the  ABERDEEN  11  1 STYLE=superscript  1(4  AdministritiVa  has  received  a  degree  of  public  supporVihieVit  would  not  otherwise  have  obtained  The  extent  to  which  we  furnish  the  details  of  the  intelligence  by  the  Overland  Mail,  and  the  lateness  of  the  hour  at  which  it  came  to  hand  last  night,  compels  us  to  hold  over,  until  Monday,  a  upon  Life  Insurance.  THEATRE  ROYAL.  Williamson-square.  Lisr  APPL4EANCS  of  MISS  FITZPATRICK,  whose  successful  debut  in  London,  and  subsequent  tour  in  the  United  States,  have  distinguished  her  as  one  of  the  principal  artistes  in  Comedy.—  Tilts  EvErrtwo  (Saturday),  December  17th,  THE  HONEYMOON.  Juliana,  Miss  Fitzpatrick.  With  THE  SPECTRE  BRIDEGROOM.  —MR.  BARRY  SULLIVAN,  who  is  engaged  for  FIVE  NIGHTS  only,  will  make  his  First  Appearance  on  Monday  next,  19th  inst.—  The  management  has  great  pleasure  In  announcing,  in  reply  to  the  Innumerable  applications  that  have  been  made  at  the  Box-office,  by  parties  desirous  of  witnessing  MISS  CUSHMAN'S  powerful  and  unequalled  delineation  of  MEG  MERRILIES,  it  has  succeeded  in  prevailing  on  this  highly  talented  Artiste  to  wave  her  intention  of  appearing  for  one  night  only  ;  and  as  on  that  occasion  (last  Thurs Thursday)  day) Thursday)  the  overflow  to  the  Theatre  caused  disappointment  to  several  enable  to  obtain  admission,  she  has  most  obligingly  acceded  to  the  request  of  the  Management,  and  will  appear  one  night  more  (Wednesday  r.ext,  the  Slat  instant),  in  the  Musical  Play  of  GUY  MANNERING  ;  or,  THE  GIPSY'S  PROPHECYI—  On  Monday,  the  26th  instant,  will  be  produced  an  entirely  New  Grand  Comic  CHRISTMAS  PANTOMIME!  entitled  THE  BUTTERFLY'S  BALL,  and  THE  GRASSHOPPER'S  FEAST;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  THE  GENIUS  OF  SPRING!  Founded  on  the  Popular  Poem  by  Mr.  Roscoe,  of  Liverpool.—  Admission—Dress  Boxes,  45.;  Upper  Boxes,  Is.;  Pit,  25.;  Gallery,  Is.  The  Box-office  is  open  from  Ten  to  Three  o'clock  daily,  for  securing  Seats  and  Liking  Private  Boxes,  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  T.  Shuttleworth.  Children  in  arms  will  not  be  admitted.  Doors  open  at  half-past  Six,  the  performance  to  com commence  mence commence  at  Seven  o'clock  precisely.  defence  In  Lord  ABERDEEN  we  have  a  profound  systemist  '.  of  a  very  ancient  school—a  man  whose  very  nafure  is  opposed  to  progress  of  any  kind.  As  the  grave  ,  draws  nearer  and  nearer  he  folds  his  arms  toge together,  ther, together,  and  quietly  consoles  himself  with  the  idea  that  this  world  is  but  a  stage—life  a  dream,  and  all  human  efforts  to  improve  the  condition  of  our  race  =  so  much  toil  which  will  end  in  disappointment,  if  not  in  destruction.  He  is  a  man  who  has  no  gene genet  t genet  rous  impulses  —no  depth  of  penetration  to  cheer  and  to  guide  him.  He  is  too  cold-hearted  to  be  a  philanthropist  —he  is  too  closely  wedded  to  things  past,  and  too  much  afraid  of  the  future,  for  a  states statesman  man statesman  in  this  age.  To  such  a  man  all  changes  are  alike.  The  dangers  of  educating  the  masses—the  necessity  of  enlarging  the  franchise—the  idea  of  a  NAPOLEON  reigning  in  France—the  madness  of  attempt attempting  ing attempting  to  cope  with  Russia—the  folly  of  giving  offence  to  Austria  the  propriety  .  of  keeping  Prussia  on  our  hands—and,  in  fact,  the  sound  policy  of  preserving  a  statu  quo  long  since  broken  up  by  the  commencement  of  a  European  war,  are  all  matters  so  long,  and  so  strongly  impressed  on  Lord  ABERDEEN'S  mind,  that  it  is  impossible  for  him  to  grapple  with  the  imminent  peril  in  which  this  country  has  been  placed.  Again  the  Foreign  Office  is  filled  by  a  man  who  has  never  been  tried  on  any  great  European  question,  and  if  we  take  his  dispatches  on  the  Eastern  war  as  a  specimen  of  his  ability,  they  will  appear  to  greater  advantage  by  supposing  a  wasp  to  be  a  lion,  and  the  schoolmas schoolmaster  ter schoolmaster  a  good  diplomatic  scholar.  Lord  CLARENDON  will  be  a  plain  Villiers  as  long  as  he  lives.  Lord  JOHN  RUSSELL  is  getting  old;  and  as  he  devotes  his  time  chiefly  to  keeping  moving,  if  we  should  be  fortunate  enough  to  get  another  reform  measure,  which  shall  be  as  as  the  others  that  have  gone  before  it,  we  may  think  ourselves  remarkably  well  off  in  the  way.  If  we  were  much  in  need  of  a  weather-cock  to  place  over  the  post-office,  or  the  top  of  a  free-trade  or  a  corn  and  monument,  we  have  that  incomprehensible  quantity  of  consistency—Sir  JAMES  GRAHAM,  whose  life  has  been  spent  on  a  pivot.  Such  mortals  are  all  very  well  in  their  way,  but  they  fall  immeasurably  short  of  the  statesman,  whose  acts  enforce  respect  from  their  high  moral  and  national  character.  In  speaking  of  Lord  PALMERSTON,  we  wish  we  could,  with  truth,  point  to  every  act  of  his  public  life  with  equal  satisfaction.  Still  he  was  one  of  the  few  men  in  the  present  cabinet  in  whom  the  country  has  had  that  confidence  which  the  ABER.  DEEN  Administration  has  enjoyed  through  a  long  season  of  almost  unprecedented  public  anxiety•  His  official  presence  at  the  Court  of  St.  James  has  materially  helped  to  keep  despotism  in  check,  and  to  give  confidence  and  stability  to  the  consti-  itional  governments  of  Europe.  And  looking  at  _  _  the  definite  shape  and  intelligible  course  the  Eastern  question_  is  now  beginning  to  assume•  Lord  PALMERSTON'S  presence  in  her  Majesty's  councils  is  perfectly  indispensible.  If  the  declaration  of  war  by  Russia  against  the  Turks  be  true,  the  CZAR'S  object  becomes  unmis-  takeable  at  once.  His  views  are  to  provoke  a  con=  inental  war,  and  to  draw  succour  from  the  East,  thus  opposing  despotism  and  barbarism  to  the  civilisation  of  mankind.  This,  to  Lord  ABERDEEN'S  mind,  appears  nothin  g  more  than  a  natural  sequence.  In  his  high  philosophic  thought  all  things  probable  are  possible,  and  there  is  no  rule  by  which  he  can  understand  that  a  thing  that  has  been  once  done  cannot  be  repeated.  Such  men,  we  say  it  with  much  sober  sadness,  are  only  fit  to  preside  over  the  destinies  of  Pompeii.  The  law  of  earthquakes  is  a  delightful  study  for  a  scientific  mind,  but  a  war  which  threatens  civilization  is  a  matter-of-fact  emergency,  which  leaves  no  time  for  long  . STYLE=superscript  research,  but  calls  aloud,  and  at  once,  for  the  application  of  those  positive  powers,  which  are  only  of  real  service  when  promptly  applied.  The  designs  of  the  AUTOCRAT  are  now  before  the  world,  and  the  Constitutional  States  of  Europe  may  be  said  to  be  on  their  trial.  It  is  not  enough  that  France  and  England  should  take  the  field.  Bel.  glum,  Spain,  Portugal,  ah  !  and  Rome  herself  must  throw  the  shield  round  humanity.  To  suffer  the  land  of  the  KORAN  to  be  given  up  to  the  Buddist  and  Hindoo,  is  not  the  course  best  suited  to  the  spread  of  true  religion,  or  rational  freedom.  In  spiritual  as  well  as  temporal  dominion,  the  AUTO  CRAT  of  Russia  disputes  the  right  of  ascendency  with  the  world.  The  rights  of  spiritual  sovereignty  _  _  he  claims  for  himself,  and  the  doctrne  of  infalli  bility  he  bestows  on  the  Russian  Eagle.  His  march  is  therefore,  directed  against  the  law  and  order  of  all  Europe.  How  far  he  may  progress  in  his  work  of  blood  depends  on  the  earnestness  with  which  we  view  the  impending  danger,  and  the  alacrity  with  which  constitutioual  Europe  moves  in  her  own  The  slaughter  of  four  thousand  unoffending  Turks  is  a  foul  plot  on  the  history  of  that  policy  which  has  restrained  all  expression  of  the  manly  and  religious  feeling  of  this  and  other  countries,  whose  very  existence  is  threatened  by  Russian  successes.  We  were  the  first  among  the  few  British  nespapers  thati  have  ventured  to  expose  the  political  recklessness,  and  the  absence  of  all  sound  morality  in  dealing  with  the  murderous  details  of  this  impious  war.  Already  upwards  of  ten  thousand  souls  have  been  blown  into  eternity  by  the  slaves  of  a  monster,  who  goes  forth  like  a  robber  and  a  murderer  in  the  night  to  slaughter,  rob,  and  ...  spread  desolation  among  a  nation  whose  existence  retards  the  accomplishment  of  his  dreams  of  still  more  revolting  bloodshed.  It  may  be  premature  to  predict  the  fate  of  such  workers  of  destruction  ;  but  those  whose  minds  are  mpressed  with  the  justice  of  a  mercy-loving  GOD  HEAD,  must  look  with  feelings  bordering  on  confi  denco,  that  the  race  of  the  destroyers  of  mankind  will  draw  down  upon  their  own  heads  the  fearfu  retribution  their  deeds  invoke.  If  Lord  PALMERSTON  should  take  the  helm  once  more,  we  believe  the  AUTOCRAT  will  have  but  little  reason,  to  rejoice  at  such  a  change  in  the  Cabinet  of  Great  Britain.  [ADVERTISEMENT.)  FEENEY'S  MERCHANTS'  NEW  DINING  Rooms,  SLATER SLATERCOURT,  COURT, SLATERCOURT,  SOUTH  CASTLE-STREET.-Mr.  Feeney,  at  the  close  of  the  first  week  of  his  operations  at  his  new  establishment,  begs  most  gratefully  to  acknowledge  the  truly  unexampled  support  he  has  met  with  from  his  friends  and  patrons,  and  which  has  far  exceeded  his  expectations.  But  whilst  thus  conveying  his  thanks  for  the  encouragement  he  has  received,  he  feels  that  he  is  also  indebted  to  those  who  have  favoured  the  new  rooms  with  a  visit,  for  the  forbearance  and  kind  con consideration  sideration consideration  they  have  shown  in  making  allowance  for  any  in inadvertencies  advertencies inadvertencies  or  omissions  which  necessarily  arise  in  the  working  of  a  new  establishment,  and  have  been  rendered  still  more  unavoidable  by  the  great  influx  of  patrons  . STYLE=superscript  during  the  week.  The  kitchen  range  has  been  found  too  small  to  supply  with  the  necessary  rapidity  and  completeness  the  demands  of  the  numerous  customers  who  have  favoured  the  new  Dining  Rooms  with  a  trial,  but  Mr.  Feeny  has  the  satisfaction  to  announce  that  prompt  measures  are  being  taken  to  obviate  every  deficiency;  and  whilst  request requesting  ing requesting  the  indulgence  of  his  friends,  he  hopes  that  in  a  short  time  the  experience  of  the  first  few  days  will  enable  him  to  render  the  Merchants'  new  Dining  Rooms  perfect  in  every  respect.  The  Sloop  Mary  of  Aberdeen  in  Stonehaven  bay  on  Tuesday  last.  M.  de  Mosquera,  Archbishop  of  Bogota,  who  had  arrived  at  Marseille  with  the  intention  of  embarking  for  Rome,  but  was  prevented  by  illness,  died  on  the  10th.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  LIVERPOOL,  FRIDAY  EVENING.  From  India  and  China  we  have  received  our  usual  advices  by  the  Overland  Mail.  Calcutta,  Nov.  26,  Bombay,  Nov.  27,  and  China,  October  27.  India  was  quiet,  with  the  exception  of  Burmah,  where  some  rioting  had  taken  place.  The  religious  holidays  having  terminated,  trade  at  Calcutta  was  beginning  to  improve,  but  at  Bombay  it  was  dull.  The  cholera  had  broken  out  in  the  Presidency,  and  was  reported  to  be  on  the  increase.  The  mone monetary  tary monetary  position  Of  India  generally  was  most  pros prosperous.  perous. prosperous.  A  Gazette  extraordinary  notifies  that  the  Company  intended  to  pay  off  a  further  portion  of  the  Five  per  Cent  Loans,  or  commute  the  interest  thereon  to  4  per  cent.,  and  of  their  having  opened  a  new  loan  at  3f  per  cent.  interest.  The  paying  off  the  remaining  portion  of  the  loan,  it  was  ex expected,  pected, expected,  would  soon  follow.  Another  notice  inti intimated  mated intimated  that  no  claim  for  transfer  of  notes  of  the  5  per  cent.  Sicca  Loans  into  the  4  per  cent.  loan  of  1842-3  would  be  admitted  after  the  28th  ult.  These  official  announcements  caused  an  advance  in  most  descriptions  of  Government  Securities  and  Joint  Stock  Bank  Shares.  The  advices  from  China  give  no  intelligence  from  Shanghae.  The  civil  war  was  still  raging.  Hos Hostilities  tilities Hostilities  were  going  on  at  Amoy  and  other  places,  but  from  the  confused  and  partial  ac accounts  counts accounts  furnished  to  the  several  local  papers,  it  is  impossible  to  know  upon  which  side  the  advantage  lies.  Commercial  accounts  from  Canton  state  that  cotton  had  advanced,  and  confidence  seemed  to  be  returning.  The  exports  of  tea  had  been  moderate.  The  West  India  mail  steamer  La  Plata  arrived  at  Southampton  on  Thursday  night  with  630,000  dollars  in  Specie.  From  Jamaica  we  learn  that  the  legislature  had  been  occupied  in  discussing  the  import  duty  bill.  The  passing  of  the  bill,  which  had  been  postponed  in  order  to  give  the  members  an  opportunity  of  determining  what  rates  of  duties  would  be  most  advisable,  had  been  effected  by  the  Assembly  and  had  been  sent  to  the  council,  by  which  it  was  also  adopted  :  Upon  a  comparison  of  the  rates  imposed  by  the  act  which  expired  in  April  last,  with  those  in  the  bill  which  has  just  passed  the  two  branches  of  the  legislature,  it  will  be  found  that  reductions  have  been  made  in  those,  upon  the  following  articles  :—Beef,.  clocka  and  watches,  drugs,  pre preserved  served preserved  fish  in  tin  cases,  jewellery,  preserved  meat,  salted  meat,  oil,  perfumery,  plate  gold  and  silver,  pork,  preserved  provisions,  rice,  soup  in  tin  cases,  spirits  and  cordials,  tobacco  manufactured  and  uumanufactured,  tongues,  pre preserved  served preserved  vegetables,  wheat  and  wines.  The  duty  upon  beef,  pork,  tongues,  and  salted  meat,  which  was  20s.  per  barrel,  has  been  reduced  to  10s.  ;  upon  brandy,  which  was  Bs.,  to  4s.  per  gallon  ;  upon  gin  and  whiskey,  which  was  65.,  to  3s.  ;  upon  other  spirits  and  cordials,  which  was  65.,  to  4s.  ;  upon  rice,  which  was  35.,  to  2s.  ;  upon  tobacco,  which  was  £2O  and  £l5  ad  valorem,  and  3d.  to  ld.  on  each  lb.  weight  to  2d.  per  lb.  on  manufactured  and  ld.  on  un unmanufactured  manufactured unmanufactured  ;  upon  segars,  which  was  301.  ad  valorem,  and  6d.  on  each  pound  weight,  0  Is.  on  each  pound  weight  ;  upon  wines,  which  was  101.  per  ton,  and  15/.  ad  valorem,  to  10/.  per  ton;  upon  preserved  vegetables,  soup,  provisions,  meat,  and  fish  in  tin  cases.  which  was  61  ad  valorem,  to  41  ad  valorem—upon  perfumery,  gold  and  silver  plate,  jewellery,  and  clocks,  and  watches,  which  was  1  0 STYLE=superscript  /.  ad  valorem  to  41 STYLE=superscript  ad  valorem  — STYLE=superscript  upon  oils  and  drugs  which  was  Si.  ad  valorem,  to  41.  ad  valorem—and  upon  wheat,  which  was  6d.  per  bushel  to  three  The  Trinidad  accounts  state  :  (c  Our  merchants  and  planters  are  preparing  them themselves  selves themselves  for  the  next  crop,  which  to  all  appearances  will  be  very  plentiful.  But  the  market  is  almost  bare  of  ne necessary  cessary necessary  supplies  for  the  planters.  Five  or  six  cargoes  of  lumber,  and  two  or  three  of  shooks  and  staves,  would  meet  with  immediate  sale  at  high  prices.  Our  lumber  yards  are  empty,  and  white  pine  boards  sold  during  this  week  as  high  as  forty  dollars  per  thousand  (retail).  With  splendid  forests  in  the  island,  it  is  an  anomaly  to  remain  dependent  for  a  supply  of  lumber,  staves,  shingles,  and  hoops,  upon  importations  from  North  America.  There  is  neither  want  of  the  raw  material  nor  of  the  necessary  labour  to  work  two  or  three  saw-mills.  But  the  entire  industrial  force,  (intelligence,.  capital,  and  labour)  of  the  island,  is  at  present  absorbed  in  the  production  of  sugar  and  cocoa.  we  leave  out  of  sight  that  the  cosh  of  producing  our  staple  articles  is  not  only  dependent  upon  obtaining  cheap  field  labour,  but  also  upon  obtaining  cheap  supplies  of  those  articles  which  are  necessary  to  the  manufacture  and  trans transport  port transport  of  our  staples.  labour  has  been  reduced  to  its  minimum  price  by  the  importation  of  Asiatic  labourers  ;  but  whatever  savings  are  effected  by  the  planters  on  this  item  are  likely  to  be  absorbed  by  the  extravagant  high  prices  which  they  will  have  to  pay  for  supplies  from  The  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  closes  much  the  b  y  3 STYLE=superscript  x  5 STYLE=superscript  eP  9 STYLE=superscript  o  l STYLE=superscript  r  o STYLE=superscript  te  h STYLE=superscript  r  a STYLE=superscript  s  v STYLE=superscript  ,  b  same  as  yesterday.  The  bu  s  i  ness  o  f  th  e  wee  k  takenamounts  b  y  to  t  e  52  trade  ,  ,7oO  bales,  and  ofwhich  2,410  have  been  speculators  have  operated  to  the  extent  of  15,860  bales.  The  variations  in  prices  during  the  week  have  not  been  material.  At  the  Liverpool  Corn  Exchange  there  was  a  good  business  done  in  wheat  at  an  advance  of  from  2d.  to  3d.  per  bushel  above  Tuesday's  rates,  whilst  flour  was  fully  6d.  per  barrel  dearer  Indian  corn  was  held  firmly  at  an  advance  of  from  6d.  to  ls.,  but  the  business  done  was  not  considerable.  We  learn  from  Egypt,  that  at  Alexandria  on  the  3rd  instant,  the  stock  of  grain  proved  greater  than  had  been  expected,  and  though  the  export  was  still  limited  to  the  stocks  held  by  merchants,  there  was  no  apprehension  of  any  difficulty  to  fill  the  vessels.  Our  letters  say,  wheat  is  now  at  fully  395.  per  quarter  free  on  board,  and  beans  355.  per  qr.  On  the  other  hand  owing  to  the  numerous  arrivals,  freights  have  receded  to  lls.  6d.  per  qr.,  and  there  are  at  present  60  vessels  in  port  taking  in  cargoes,  of  which  40  are  for  England  We  also  learn  that  there  are  1,500  vessels,  corn  laden,  weather  bound  in  the  Bosphorus.  many  of  which  are  bound  to  this  country.  The  Liverpool  Stock  market  was  tolerably  buoy buoyant  ant buoyant  throughout  the  day,  and  a  fair  amount  of  busi business  ness business  was  done  at  steady  prices.  The  Manchester  Stock  Market  was  active  again  to-day,  and  a  fair  amount  of  business  was  trans transacted  acted transacted  in  Caledonians  at  28i;  East  Lancashire,  164;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  68-k  ;  ditto  Fifths,  62;  Sheffield,  251;  Midlands,  648  to  64  ;  North  British,  88  ;  North  Stafford,  5k  dis.;  Dovers,  198.  The  Leeds  Stock  Market  improves  daily  in  the  amount  of  business  actually  transacted.  The  fol following  lowing following  are  the  closing  quotations  :—Leeds  Northern,  154;  Caledonians,  28  ;  Sheffield,  25*;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  67b;  North-Westerns,  88.  The  London  Produce  Markets  present  a  healthy  aspect.  Sugar  has  been  in  steady  request.  In  coffee  there  has  been  a  slight  advance,  principally  for  Native  Ceylon.  Tallow  has  been  active  at  fuller  prices.  Cotton  is  dull.  Tea  has  slightly  declined.  Rum  has  been  more  inquired  for.  Iron  is  at  steady  rates.  The  London  Stock  market  was  better  to-day  not notwithstanding  withstanding notwithstanding  the  resignation  of  Lord  Palmerston,  and  threatened  dissolution  of  the  Aberdeen  Cabi•  -  net.  Consols  opened  94,  and  advanced  94i  to  941,  at  which  they  were  firm.  Reduced  94i  Z.  Three Threeand-a-Quarter  and-a-Quarter Threeand-a-Quarter  per  Cents.  951  968.  Exchequer-bills  4s  to  6s  p.m.  India  Bonds  par  to  3s  pm.  The  foreign  Stock  market  was  quiet  to-day.  Peruvian  67.  Mexican  241  .  to  I.  Spanish  New  _  Defferred  Stock  224.  Sardinian  91.  -  Venezuela  Stock  31.  Greeek  blue  bonds  at  64.  The  railway  share  market  was  well  supported  to today:—Midland  day:—Midland today:—Midland  631.  North  British  35.  Eastern  Counties  131  131.  Caledonians  551  56.  Great  Western  834  831.  Berwick  644.  East  Indian  Ex.  tension  21.  BANK  OF  ENGLAND  RETURNS.  An  Account,  pursuant  to  the  Act  7th  and  Bth  Victoria.  cap.  32,  for  the  Week  ending  on  Saturday,  December  10,  1853.  Debit.  Notes  issued  ..  £28,620,635  ISSUE  DEPARTMENT.  Credit.  Government  Debt  ..  .  .  £11,015,100  Other  securities  2,984,900  Gold  Coin  and  Bullion  .  .  .  14,620,635  £28,620,635  Total  ....  £28,620,635  BANKING  D:  WARTMENT.  Debit.  Proprietors'  ca capital  pital capital  Rest  Public  deposits  10,027,166  Other  „  10,910,077  Seven  day,  and  other  bills  Credit.  Government  se-  —.....  rarities  ..._ STYLE=superscript  £15,043,730  Other  securities  16,525,237  Notes  7,575,175  Gold  and  silver  coin  1,192,741  Total  ....  £39,864,801  Total  £39,864,801  The  following  are  the  latest  official  rates  of  the  7oreign  exchanges  :—Amsterdam,  11,  151,  Short,  11,  13k,  14;  Antwerp,  25,  121,  171;  Paris,  25,  25,  371-;  Short,  25,  25,  5  ;  Frankfort,  1180,  a  ;  Vienna,  ,1,  32,  36;  Trieste,  11,  34,  38;  Leghorn,  30,  20,  25,  Elamburg,  13,  5,  51."
