text
"GE'MONG  GOLD  CIRCULAR.  There  seems  to  be  a  general  revival  at  this  date  among  the  Victorian  diggings.  From  every  quarter  the  news  is  more  encouraging.  Already  the  effect  of  this  is  observable  in  town.  Business  generally  has  a  more  active  tone,  and  it  seems  to  be  the  common  impression  that  we  shall  have  a  stirring  season.  The  news  from  Balaarat  is  highly  gratifying.  The  last  vein  of  the  famous  Eureka  is  said  to  be  recovered,  or  another  found  of  equal  richness.  At  any  rate,  there  are  instances  shown  lately  of  individual  success  more  extravagant  than  anything  yet  previously  known,  Cobbler's  and  Norton's  Gullies  ere  the  principal  favourites.  The  former  is  recently  opened  up,  and  promises  well.  The  gold  is  got  at  various  depths,  but  the  general  thing  is  not  so  deep  as  at  the  Canadian  or  the  Eureka.  Altogether  the  prospects  for  the  Balaarat  side  seem  Food.  The  buying  price  during  the  week  has  been  steady,  at  775.  6d.  There  has  been  a  brisk  demand  for  shipment  by  the  Argo.  The  supply  has  been,  if  anything,  better  than  the  previous  week.  Since  last  circular  there  has  arrived  by  escort,  44,332  ounces.  ExcuAlsote  ON  Lortnox.—The  banks  at  present  buy  at  par,  and  sell  at  two  per  cent  premium.  Freight  of  gold  delivered  in  London,  4}  per  ounce.  WM.  PATTERSON.  Kardinnia-street,  13th  August,  1853.  HOBART  TOWN  COURT  CIRCULAR.  Victoria  gold,  £3  16s.  9d.  to  £3  I7s.  Fingal  gold,  £3  12s.  The  general  rate  cannot  be  quoted  higher,  although  .e  3  17s.  6d.,  or  more  may  occasionally  be  obtained  for  the  simple  purpose  of  remittance•  Exchange  on  London,  drafts  against  gold  at  par,  on  655.  advance.  Bank  drafts  2  per  cent.  premium.  Freight  to  London  by  sailing  vessels,  4i  per  eent.  HORACR  Rowcaor'r.  Agency  and  Bullion  Offices,  Elizabeth-street,  Bth  August.  Mr.  Clarke,  the  Clerk  of  Works  at  the  New  Borough  Gaol  Walton,  who  apprehended  at  Oswestry  on  the  previous  day,  was  charged  with  being  concernod  in  defrauding  the  corporation  out  of  a  large  sum  of  money,  was  yesterday  brought  before  the  magistrates  and  remanded.  Daring  Thursday  night  or  early  on  yesterday  morning  an  entrance  was  effected  through  a  skylight  into  the  shop  of  Mr.  Williams,  tailor  and  draper,  Tarlton  St.  £3O  and  a  quantity  of  valuable  clothes  were  stolen.  James  St.  Alban  Quina,  who  absconded  from  this  town  to  Australia  with  £l3OO,  the  property  of  his  employers,  Messrs.  Train  and  Co.,  and  who  was  brought  back  to  this  country  in  the  Eagle  and  committed  for  trials  at  the  sessions,  was  sentenced  to  four  years  penal  servitude,  on  Thursday  afternoon,  by  Gilbert  Henderson,  Esq.,  the  Recorder.  THE  PRESTON  STRIKE.—There  seems  no  proba probability  bility probability  of  an  early  settlement  of  this  dispute.  The  hands  show  no  disposition  to  comply  with  the  requirements  of  the  mas masters.  ters. masters.  On  the  contrary,  they  seem  to  rely  with  confidence  upon  being  sustained  by  public  contributions,  and  their  language  is  daily  becoming  more  defiant.  A  meeting  of  the  power-loom  weavers  employed  at  the  mills  still  at  work  was  held  on  Thursday  evening,  which  was  addressed  amongst  others  by  Mr.  G.  Cowell,  who  made  a  fierce  reply  to  the  remarks  upon  one  of  his  former  speeches  by  the  London  Times.  Re Referring  ferring Referring  to  a  report  that  the  associated  masters  in  the  manu manufacturing  facturing manufacturing  towns  are  about  to  withdraw  the  advance  they  have  already  given,  and  close  their  mills,  Mr.  Cowell  said  :  Now,  I  am  perfectly  satisfied—and  I  say  it  with  all  due  deference  ;  I  speak  solemnly,  that  if  an  intention  of  that  sort  should  be  entertained—if  the  masters  of  Stockport  and  Blackburn,  and  throughout  the  united  districts  of  Lan Lancashire,  cashire, Lancashire,  Yorkshire,  Cheshire,  and  Derbyshire,  should  associate  with  the  masters  of  Preston  ;  if  they  should  all  combine  together  to  concoct  plans  for  the  purpose.of  taking  off  the  ten  per  cent.,  I  am  satisfied  it  would  be  out  of  my  power,  and  out  of  the  power  of  Queen  Victoria  herself,  to  -  prevent  a  civil  (Hear,  hear.)"
