text
"!int  :  £5  10a  ref  oa  qd  sold  last  week  at  £  at  sor  1€  LOGWOOD  :  70  tons  St.  D  SICILY  SHUMAC  &amp;STONE  :  10  qx  OTT  .'•  forward  104  s;  t  &amp;RIC  ACID:  In  OXALIC  ACID:  I  BTCHROME  :  No  PRUSSIATE  ACETATE  OF  LIM  E  CONCENTRATED  LEM  pipes,  but  not  named  35  pipes  wer  BERRIES  :  8  bales  of  low,  at  4  SPIRITS  OF  TURPENTINE  ESSENCE  OF  LEMON  ANNATTO  offers  at  1  NITRATE  OF  SODA  :  100  be  17s  91  the  price  for  6  per  cent  ARGOI  s  continue  firm  and  scar  ROMAN  ViTitror,  steady  at  375,  •  -  •  SAGO  FLOUR  :  Sellers  at  30s  ;  no  buyers.  FARINA  :  Firm  at  235,  blyers  at  anything  under.  RosiN  :  1,000  brls  of  common  American  are  reported,  at  4s  3d—a  decline  of  3d.  CUTCH  BARK:  to  Ils  9d  Asking  Me.  Baltimore  much  wanted  ;  Philadelphia,  lls  6:1  Surma:  An  improved  feeling  prevails  in  our  market,  and  both  refiners  and  grocers,  especially  the  former,  hare  evinced  more  disposition  to  do  business,  the  sales  since  Friday  comprising  300  hhds  Demerara  (be'ng  a  low  cargo)  at  an  average  of  395.  300  hhds  Antigua,  403  6d  ;  300  bags  Bengal,  at  41s  61;  600  bags  Ceara;  at  38s  to  40s  6d,  and  a  small  cargo  of  white  Pernams,  for  the  Mediterranean,  at  33s  per  cwt.  MOLASSES,  RUM,  AND  COFFEE  :  Nothing  doing.  TEA  :  A  good  inquiry  exists  for  most  descriptions,  at  fully  previous  rates.  Rim  We  have  no  sales  to  report  on  the  spot,  but  200  tons  Bengal  have  been  purchased  for  arrival,  the  price  of  which  has  not  transpired.  SALTPETRE  :  300  bags  have  changed  hands  at  36s  to  33s  for  21  to  14  per  cent  refraction.  PEARL  SAGO:  150  boxes,  at  26s  to  27s  per  cwt.  YOUNG  MEN'S  CHRISTIAN  ASSOCIATION.  REV.  DR.  VAUGHAN'S  LECTURE  The  seventh  lecture,  in  connection  with  the  Young  Men'  Christian  Association,  was  delivered  in  the  Hope  Hall,  Hope-street,  last  night,  by  the  Rev.  Robert  Vaughan,  D.D.,  Manchester.  The  subject  of  the  lecture  was,  The  Credit.-  lities  of  The  chair  was  taken,  at  a  quarter  before  eight  o'clock,  by  the  Rev.  J.  B.  Lowe,  M.A.,  and  the  proceedings  were  opened  with  a  prayer.  The  Chairman  then,  in  a  few  words,  introduced  the  lecture  of  the  night,  expressing  his  full  sense  of  the  utility  of  such  an  institution  as  the  Young  Mon's  Christian  Asso Association,  ciation, Association,  and  the  support  and  strength  which  it  enabled  young  men  to  afford  to  each  other.  He  expressed  especial  approval  of  it  on  the  ground  of  its  catholic  spirit,  not  being  confined  to  any  one  particular  sect,  but  being  opened  to  young  men  of  all  persuasions.  After  a  few  observations  upon  the  scepticism  which  prevailed  hi  every  community,  and  which  was  to  be  dealt  with  that,  evening,  the  chairman  concluded  by  introducing  the  Bev.  Dr.  Vaughan.  The  Rev.  Dr.  Vaughan  then  proceeded  to  deli  ver  hi  s  lecture.  He  declared  i  n  th  e  opening,  that  one  of  his  prin principal  cipal principal  objects  was  to  show  that  modern  scepticism  lay  .  open  censure,  upon  the  ground  that,  to  a  large  extent,  it  was  the  scepticism  of  men;  who,  were  they  only  as  much  dis disposed  posed disposed  to  bow  to  evidence  in  relation  to  Christianity,  as  they  were  disposed  and  prepared  to  believe  ;  and  bow  in  relation  to  other  things,  they  would  be  no  longer  sceptics,  but  firm  believers.  He  did  not  deny  that  there  were  honest  doubters,  who  were  entitled  to  the  sincerest  and  the  deepest  sympathy,  but  these  were  not  the  men  who  were  likely  to  wear  their  doubts  upon  their  sleeve,  for  daws  to  peck  were  men  who  would  be  more  disposed  to  shat  them  up  in  the  sadness  of  their  own  hearts;  than  to  babble  them  to  every  p  asser  -b  y  .  He  'did  not,  however,  come  there  to  refute  scepticism,  but  only  to  show  how  facile,  in  lending  themselves  to  the  most  irrational  belief,  were  those  who  declared  that  they  believed  nothing.  In  many,  he,  - STYLE=superscript  showed,  their  scepticism  was  only  another  development  and  form  of  their  vanity.  He  pointed  out  the  incongruities  of  the  higher  class  of  sceptic„  the  philosophic  sceptic,  and  contended  that,  when  pushed  to  an  extreme,  thi  s  disbelief  was  found  to  be  nothing  but  a  perverse  form  of  thought,  which  no  one  would  dare  to  act  up  to  in  the  ordinary  relations  of  life.  It  was  felt  by  many  intellects,  in  the  beginning,  to  be  a  gratifying  thing  to  reject  the  belief  of  the  crowd,  and  live  in  a  scepticism  apart  from  them.  Gradually,  the  mind,  which  did  not,  know  how  to  respect  the  faith  of  others,  was  allowed  to  strip  itself  of  all  true  faith.  When  a  superior  intellect  became  vicious,  it  was,  nevertheless,  no  uncommon  a  thing  to  see  it  become  the  dupe  of  falsehoods,  of  the  flimsiest  description  imaginable.  The  lecturer,  as  an  instance  of  this,  alluded  to  the  well-known  tale  gravely  narrated  by  Lord  Herbert,  of  Cherbury,  one  of  the  very  earliest  of  English  deistical  writers,  of  the  sign  which  he  received  from  Heaven,  authorising  him  to  publish  his  book,  De  in  which  he  denied  the  existence  of  all  external  Revelation.  The  force  of  vanity  and  credulity,  the  lecturer  observed,  might  go  far;  but  help  each  other  as;  they  might,  they  could  scarcely  surpass  this  singular  in instance.  stance. instance.  So  important  was  the  life  and  the  work  of  a  courtly  trifler,  that  an  external  revelation  might  be  made  from  heaven  to  him,  but  the  whole  great  heart  and  life  of  humanity  everywhere,  was  not  important  enough  to  merit  any  such  revelation  !  Having  generally  sketched  out  tha  principal  incongruities  in  the  scepticism  of  the  age  of  Lord,  Herbert,  of  Cherbury,  the  lecturer  pasied  on  to  the  scepti scepticism  cism scepticism  of  the  present  day:  As  a  striking  instance  of  the  credulity  of  scepticism,  he  referred  to  the  well-known  his history  tory history  of  Andrew,Jackson  Davis  the  Poughkeepsie  seer,  pub published  lished published  some  time  since  by  Mr.  John  Chapman,  Strand,  Lon.  don,  and  introduced  with  a  preface  by  Mr.  Chapman  him himself,  self, himself,  from  which  the  lecturer  read  several  extracts.  Many  other  instances  of  a  similar  character,  connected  with  clairvoyance,  spiritual  manifestation,  and  other  prevalent  exemplifications  of  credulity  in  our  own  day,  the  lecturer  adduced,  as  evidencing  the  fact  that  the  severest  scepticism,  and  the  most  extravagant  credulity  have  frequently  gone  hand  in  hand.  In  a  style  of  great  'vigour,  with  much  occasional  humour,  the  lecturer  attacked  the  credulities  of  scepticism,  and  defended  the  faith  of  Chris Christianity.  tianity. Christianity.  The  lecturer  was  listened  to  with  the  greatest  attention,  and  frequently  applauded  by  a  crowed  auditory.  THE  ALLEGED  MURDER  OF  A  WOMAN  AND  HER  CHILD.  4.-  The  two  men,  Ford  and  Jackson,  charged  on.  Suspicion  of  having  wilfully  murdered  Mary  Ann  Peacock,  a  widow,  and  her  infant  child  Eliza,  by  drowning  them  in  the  river  Thames,  were  brought  up  for  examination  before  the  magistrates  at  Kingston  on  Saturday.  The  prisoner  Jackson  appeared  a  re respectable  spectable respectable  looking  man,  about  6  feet  6  or  8  inches  in  height,  but  Ford  was  considerably  taller,  and  had  a  remarkable  expression  of  countenance.  The  evidence  taken  was  chiefly  a  recapitula recapitulation  tion recapitulation  of  that  adduced  at  the  coroner's  inquest,  and  which  has  been  already  reported.  The  only  additional  witness  called  was  Joseph  Hammerton,  the  man  who  taught  the  deceased  woman  to  write,  and  who  b  Ford  t  leave  Mrs.  P  eacoc  k'  s  house  on  the  night  of  ordered STYLE=superscript  the  allege  y STYLE=superscript  d  mur murder.  der. murder.  Hammerton  said  that  he  resided  at  the  waterside,  and  was  a  bargeman.  On  Monday,  the  7th  inst.,  ho  was  in  the  house  belonging  to  Mrs.  Peacock,  when  Ford  came  in  and  said  that  if  witness  did  not  go  out  he  would  fetch  some  one  to  make  him  go.  To  save  him  the  trouble,  ho  went  out,  and  proceeded  to  the  Rose  and  Crown.  Ho  saw  no  more  of  them  till  Tuesday  morning,  about  six  o'clock,  when  he  saw  Ford  come  ashore  in  a  boat  at  Kingston.  lie  heard  the  boat  come  along,  and  looked  out  of  his  window.  Whilst  Ford  was  proceeding,  as  he  imagined,  to  call  the  prisoner  Jackson,  witness  went  on  board  the  barge  called  the  Charlotte,  and  therein  he  saw  the  female  and  her  child,  lying  in  the  port  bunk.  She  was  then  alive,  and  ho  saw  her  and  the  child  move.  He  could  swear  that  the  two  persons  were  then  alive,  and  he  saw  their  faces.  lie  did  not  speak  to  Mrs.  Peacock,  and  he  went  on  purpose  to  See  whether  deceased  was  there,  as  he  had  heard  that  she  was  going  on  board.  He  did  not  go  to  see  whether  she  was  there  because  he  was  jealous.  He  used  to  go  to  deceased's  house  to  teach  the  woman  to  write.  He  did  not  lose  sight  of  the  barge  until  Ford  came  on  board  again  and  started  it.  He  had  no  ground  for  knowing  that  Jackson  was  at  home,  and  he  was  not  quite  certain  that  Ford  went  to  his  house,  although  he  went  in  that  direction.  He  did  not  see  Jackson  on  board  again:  The  magistrates  having  consulted  together,  adjourned  the  ease  until  Saturday  next.  The  inquiry  appeared  to  excite  great  interest,  and STYLE=superscript  nearly  2,000  persons  uero  congregated  round  the  grand  jury  room  to  witness  the  removal  of  the  prisoners.  The  prospectus  of  the  London  Wine  Company  (limited),  has  just  been  issued,  and  the  capital  required  Ls  X  50.900,  in  shares  of  £lO  each.  The  deposit  is  to  be  £2  lOs  a  share,  and  the  promoters  expect  realise  a  dividend  for  the  first  year's  operations  of  from  ten  to  fifteen  per  cent,  increasing  in  proportion  &amp;I  the  transactions  are  Mt  411!Et  On  Sa  AISK  NrcierS  er  arrg.  N  . STYLE=superscript  ALM  E  FOR  THE  SALE  of  SHIPS,  D  SHIP  VALUERS,  Brokers  to  e  High  C  :DIGS,  WATER  •STRBET,  eels  from  50  to  2000  tons  ;  Steamers.  Rte.  Iho  have  always  ;0  to  1,800  tons  register,  j  a  4 STYLE=superscript  o,  S'  :I\,t*  ...  241  FOR  SA  P  AN  ars  A  1  at  I  f  ONGE  FENWICIC-STBEET,  from  (1,  &amp;ND  CO  SA  TN  A  BROKERS,  AND  &amp;LITERS,  N  - STYLE=superscript  STREET,  AND  17:  N.•  MUNN  &amp;  Co.  a  THE  SALE  of  SHIPS,  ~  AND  SHIP  VALUERS,  DALE-ETBEET,  3,  YORK-.  LIVERPOOL  &amp;  AUSTEN,  UERS  ND  BROKERS,  FOR  THE  SALE  OF  NEERS  SHIPS  LIVER  MALL  ST  WRECKS  *MO  by  glutton,  rther  particulars  ap  50,  LEADEN  n  Thursday  next,  the  21  cer's  saleroom,  5,  York  lor  n  •w  ship  THORN  tons  o.st.,  1068  tons  N.M.  Length  191  36  feet,  depth  20  feet.  Built  at  Quebec,  ed  in  September  1855.  Her  frame  Ist  winter),  is  principally  of  the  best  well wellhe  he wellhe  is  built  under  special  survey  to  class  s,  has  a  long  S,  la  of  SK  nd  topgallant  fore-  _  .  'ast,  having  made  the  passage  days,  and  will  be  found  a  most  Brunswick  Dock.—For  inventories  and  o  CUNARD,  BRETT,  and  AUSTEN,  p,,  5,  Ycrk-buildinza,  Liverpool  ;  and  50,  Leadenhall-street,  London  FOR  SALE  BI  e  4.14,  tt.,  on  Thursday  next,  re.,  o'clock.  at  the  Broker's  sale-  unless  previously  y  Private  Treaty,  the  magnificent  new  _IALDOV;  1351  tons  o  m.,  1187  tons  m.st  ;  length  199  f  e STYLE=superscript  et,  breadth  37  feet,  depth  22  feet.  This  fine  ship  was  built  at  Quebec,  in  1855,  under  the  special  inspection  of  Lloyd's  surveyors,  for  a  seven  years'  classification  ;  her  frame,  planking,  upper  deck,  beams,  and  ceiling,  are  of  the  best  well-seasoned  heck heckmatac,  matac, heckmatac,  stringers,  clamps,  lower  deck  beams  of  the  beet  white  oak  of  extra  strength  and  size,  has  superior  built  masts  and  patent  wire  rigging,  which  cannot  be  too  strongly  recommended  Safer  DOek.—For  and  light  draft  o  ast,  and  is  unsurpass,  d  h]  ng  in  the  Brunswick  ari,  app  o  CU  ETA  RD,  BRETT,  and  AUSTEN,  Brokers  fdr  buildings,  Dale,  street,  'Liverpool;  and  London.  he  Sale  of  Ships,  5,  York Yorkeadenhall-street,  eadenhall-street, Yorkeadenhall-street,  PEREMPTORILY.—WITHOUT  RESERVE,  On  Friday,  list  February  next,  (at  One  ,  at  the  Brokers'  sale  room,  Derby  Buildings.  Fenwick-street,  The  A  1  British  built  Brig  $O5  tons  o.si.,  188  tons  N.M.  Length  83  feet  4-Ioths.  breadth  20  feet  9-10ths,  depth  14  feet  2.1,  ths.  Built  at  Dundee  In  1849,  and  classed  A  1  nine  years;  copper-fastened,  and  sheathed  with  yellow  metal.  She  is  in  good  condition,  stows  a  large  cargo,  and  sails  very  fast.  Discharging  in  Prince's  Doek.—Apply  to  TONGS  3rokers  for  the  Sale  of  Ships.  TION,  n  Thursday  next,  44;,.4:,\  at  One  o'clock,  at  the  Brokers'  office,  Walmer-build Walmer-build;l.  ;l. Walmer-build;l.  7 STYLE=superscript  1  ings,  Water-street,  (if  not  previously  dispoeed  of,)  the  fine  red  star  Brig  SEA,  of  Dumfries,  registers  167  tons  o.ai.  145  tons  st.m.,  and  carries  225  tons  weight  on  a  light  draft  of  water.  This  vessel  was  built  at  the  Isle  of  Whithorn,  To  sa!  Messrs.  STR  Sale  of  Shii  ry  best  material  )01  sp  , STYLE=superscript  by  51essrs.  F.  fall  of  1854,  o  BELGIQUE  CONSTITUTION  LEOPOLD  I.  DUC  DE  BRABANT  Iy  to STYLE=superscript  I  NEW  5H1P.........  ur  the  These  Steamers  w  id,  and  in  thoroughly  good  further  particulars  a  CO.,  Brokers  4  )/T  4 STYLE=superscript  :‘  art  LINE  OF  PA(  om  Liverpool  a  Camp-slreet,  .~~'  s STYLE=superscript  3~  ~~~~  UNDERWRITER  Roscins,  blirrehew  Minnesota.  Allen  ..  SALE,  1g  Barque  FURY  and  is  FOR  SALT  meadth,  25  feet  6-  Ticonderoga,  Boyle  ..  Beejapore,  APLay..  -  .  9  feet  8-10t1  5  feet  9-11  , STYLE=superscript  tbs;  bu  ret,  New  B  New  Brunswick  lIIEEN  OF  THE  . STYLE=superscript  ISLES  i  6  tons  o.m  gth,  106  feet  5-10ths  ;  2  feet;  built  at  Grand  ,articular  FOR  SALE  '  ,  2 STYLE=superscript  11  , STYLE=superscript  -  t  deptt  .  built  at  Quebe  1  - STYLE=superscript  ANKIN.  A  draft  of  water  and  'LMOUR,  &amp;  CO  good  sti  onths  ag,  fts  without  al  Brig  SARAH  n  Nelson-dock.—For  further  particulars  apply  to  I  oard  :  or  to  M'DOWELL  &amp;  HALIDAYS.  15,  vvra,  FOR  SALT  ',  k  \  260-23  4 STYLE=superscript  ia  a  1854,  of  t  e  rendering  her  a  re...,  be  found  to  have  a  very  g  is  also  a  remarkably  the  ver  beantift  legniterl  Veto  ,KErs  FOR  NEW  ORLEANS.  the  FIRST  and  FIFTEENTH  of  EACH  rt  of  Admiralty,  PACKET  OF  THE  FIRST  MONTH STYLE=superscript  OF  FEBRUARY  NEXT.  1;‘  FOR  NEW  ORLEANS,  The  splendid  A  1  American  Ship  CURRY  and  C  0.,)  GOVERNOR  LANGDON,  R  THE  SALE  OF  SHIPS,  THOMAS  M.  WSEHS.  Commander  ;  burthen  1100  to  n  s  ;  coppere  d  an  d  co  p  per-  f  astened;  Portsmouth  -up  VALUERS,  built  ;  only  one  year  old,  and  in  every  respect  a  superior  cony,  ance.  Loading  in  Victoria  Dock--Apply  to  Steamers,  Ece.,  of  from  INAgents  BOULT,  ENGLISH  &amp;  BRANDON.  New  Orleans:  Messrs.  J.  P.  WHITNEY  and  Co.,  61  LINE  EXTRA  PACKET  OF  THE  30TH  JANUARY.  Loading  in  Waterloo  Di  FOR  NEW  YORK,  The  First-class  American  Ship  PLYMOUTH  ROCK,  N.  HAMMOND,  Commander;  5  register.—For  Freight,  &amp;c.,  apply  to  BOWMAN,  GRINNELL  &amp;  CO,  EMIGRATION  TO  AMERICA  .  7'  ..  :  I.  :s\  .  BY  Jr  '  ',,  .  GRINNELL'S  T  A  LINE  ..  -  OF  PACKET  -SHIPS.  AMERICAN  UNION  ......  Caldwell  ....  •  .  1500  ton.,  January  25  Plymouth  loch,  Hammond,lsoo  Ontario,  Wood  (new  sbip)..lsoo  London,  Hubbard....  Auroraßunting  (new  ship)  —154-  Ashburton,  Bradisb  1150  New  World,  Knight  l5OO  ConstantinedMacoduck  ....  2000  FOR  NEW  YORK,  •  ••.  -  ..  Shipley  ..  ....  2000  tons..  This  day  2000  Constellation.  A11en....  2500  1500  Andrew  Foster,  Swift  2000  .....1500  West  Point,  Mulllner  .  ....  2000  FOR  BOSTON.  Weekly  during  the  Season.  The  Subscribers  continue  to  dispatch  the  above  Packet-ships,  weekly.  Provisions  will  be  supplied  to  the  passengers  during  the  voyage  according  to  the  act  of  parliament.  Parties  residing  at  a  distance  can  have  bertha  secured  by  remitting  a  deposit  of  sel  for  each  person  going.  Parties  desirous  of  transmitting  money  to  their  friends  in  America,can  have  drafts  at  sight  for  el  and  up upwards,  wards, upwards,  payable  on  our  house  at  New  York.  For  Cabin,  Poop,  Second  Cabin,  and  Steerage  Passage,  apply  to  BOWMAN,  ORINNELL  &amp;  C0.,5  Regent.road,  Clarence Clarencedock,  dock, Clarencedock,  blverpot  I;  and  ST.  South-street,  New  York.  N  B.—Passengers  going  by  these  picket-chips  can  have  their  luggage  stored  free,  in  a  warehouse  attached  to  the  oboe.  THE  LINE  OF  PACKETS  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL  AND  NEW  YORK  .  jr.  1  41  a  •  Sailing  on  the  11th  of  e  v  er  y  M  onth  from  the  Waterloo  4  Dock,  until  further  notice,  CARAVAN  (new),  W.  A.  SANDS  NEW  SHIP,  F.  HALLET.  ROSCIUS,  C.  MERRIIIEW  1500  tons....  Feb.  11.  1500  tons....  March  11  1200  tons....  -  -----•—.•  •  •  •  (As  a  Transient  Ship  in  March.)  EMERALD  (new)  W.  Coos  JOHN  RUTLEDGE,  A.  KELLY  1200  tons....  May  11.  The  CARAVAN,  February  Packet,  is  a  magnificent  new  ship,  on  her  tint  voyage,  expressly  built  and  designed  for  this  Line,  and  in  every  nay  considered  ene  of  the  finest  ships  in  the  trade.  Goods  will  be  received  up  to  midnight  of  the  9th  of  each  month.  These  ships  are  all  of  the  first  and  largest  class,  built  in  the  United  States  of  the  best  materials,  combining  great  speed  with  unusual  comfort  for  passengers,  and  are  commanded  by  men  of  ability  and  experience.  For  freight  or  cabin  passage  apply  to  RICHARD  ELY,  35,  Oldhall-street.  Freight  will  be  collected  at  4  dole.  80c.  to  the  pound  sterling.  NEW  YORK,  PASSAGE  MONEY,  RlO,  -  BELGIAN  ROYAL  MAIL  STEAM-SHIP  te  , STYLE=superscript  •  •  COMPANY.  •  _  STEAM  FROM  SOUTHAMPTON  TO  NEW  YORK.  The  magnificent  Steam-ships,  •  TACK  •  BOOIN  ....  MICHELL  ▪  WILLIAMS  2  5OO  •  ..  (now  building)  2  5OO  sail  every  fortnight  from  Southampton  to  win  carry  the  Belgian  Mail  ;  are  classed  at  Lloyd's  A  I,  and  are  built  for  the  express  purpose  of  carrying  paseengers.  Fares:  First  class,  •  Second  class,  'l-1;  Third  class,  £lO.  First  and  Second  Class  Passengers  will  be  found,  during  the  voy voyage,  age, voyage,  with  every  requisite,  and  with  a  first-rate  Table  (Wines  and  Liquors  excepted).  Passengers  of  the  Third  class  will  have  to  pro provide  vide provide  themselves  with  Beds,  Bedding,  Knife  and  Fork,  Spoons  and  Cup  only.  All  other  utensils  will  be  supplied  by  the  ship.  The  Provisions  will  be  supplied  in  a  cooked  state  of  the  best  most  liberal  in  quantity,  so  that  Passengers  need  not  provide  themselves  with  any  extra  Provisions  or  Messing  utensils.  For  Freight  and  Passage  apply  to  SABEL  and  CORTIS,  17,  Water-street,  Liverpool;  and  OWEN  HAZELL  and  Co.,  6,  Oriental-place,  Southampton.  N.B.—On  the  Ist  May  next,  the  regular  service  of  the  Brazilian  Mail  Line  will  commence,  of  whit  .  further  notice  will  be  given"
