text
"shrnil  y  improper  and  reprehensible  ege  of  Physicianß  of  the  Royal  Society,  and  also  Professor  of  materia  medica,  at  Gay's  Hospital,  who  was  associated  with  Pro Professor  fessor Professor  Taylor  in  making  the  analysis  confirmed  the  evidence  of  the  last  named  gentleman  in  every  respect.  Dr.  Knight,  of  Stafford,  was  here  recalled  and  examined  by  Mr.  Deane.  He  said  :  My  opinion  as  to  the  cantle  of  the  death  of  Mrs.  Ann  Palmer,  has  been  eontiderably  modified  and  altered,  since  I  have  heard  the  evidence  of  Professors  Taylor  and  Rees,  and  I  am  inclined  to  think  that  have  been  mittall  n  in  the  opinion  which  I  gave  ,yesterday  under  the  circumstances  stated  to  me  by  Mr.  Palmer  on  my  visit  to  the  deceased  Mrs.  Palmer,  and  I  am  now  disposed  to  think  that  the  true  cause  of  death  has  been  assigned  by  Professors  Taylor  and  Rees  ;  having  heard  those  opinions,  I  now  believe,  that  when  I  saw  Mrs.  Palmer,  she  n  by  antimony;  Mr.  Palmer  did  was  stir  lot  tell  me  what  me  if  any,  he  bad  preset-tot,  Dr.  Bamford  was  called  in;  after  hearing  the  statements  of  Professors  Taylor  and  flees,  and  the  description  Riven  yesterday  by  Dr.  Monckton,  of  the  condition  of  the  body  there  is  nothing  inconsistent  with  Mrs.  natural  ,  vet  I  don't  b  e  li  eve  that.,otnitin  she  om STYLE=superscript  did  ;  from  causes STYLE=superscript  the  the  appearancl  of  the  viscera,  as  described  by  Dr.  Monck Monckton,  ton, Monckton,  my  opinion  is  that  vomiting  was  not  the  cause  of  death  ;  I  found  Mrs.  Palmer  in  so  exhansted  a  state  that  I  coal('  not  g-t  from  her  a  statement  as  to  her  feelings  ;  I  b-lieve  that  it  is  impossible  to  form  an  accurate  opinion  as  to  the  nature  of  a  disease  unless  the  patient  suffering  is  able  to  describe  his  feelings  ;  I  consider  that  tartar  emetic  was  certainly  not  a  proper  medicine  to  administer  to  her.  An  adjournment  of  half  an  hour  here  took  place.  On  the  proceedings  being  resumed,  Mr.  Benjamin  Miller,  surgeon,  of  B  irton-under-Need irton-under-Needwood,  wood, irton-under-Needwood,  was  called,  and  said,  that  in  January  and  February,  1854,  he  examined  Mrs,  Primer,  on  a  proposal  made  by  her  hu-band  to  insure  her  lire  for  £5,000,  in  the  Scottish  Equitable  Insnrance  Citritkinv  ;  subsequently,  he  examined  after  d  g  died  molthe  of  Jin  Fehrurv,  1851,  on  ,  in  the  Liverpool  ter  healthy.  ye  a  geennd  ,  anti  the  A•lna  o  r STYLE=superscript  fices'  he  found  d  not  sufferi;  from  or  cnttish  Ecud  . STYLE=superscript  ab  ed  him  t,  i  oivA  's  stite  or  h.alth,  in  th  e  ovie  t  the  req  , STYLE=superscript  iest  of  Mr.  Palmer,  ertifilate  without  a2aln  exam exam!  ! exam!  so  recently  ex  mined  her  ;  and  .s.  nmer  was  preErnant  when  the  k  it  anvi  r  to  insure  Did  you  ever  her  of  a  c  Jt  slow  poisoning  No,  nPver  jqry  w;sh  to  know  your  onininn  leo  of  D-.  , STYLE=superscript  i  _  ht  Alr.  ltarnforl  for  nod  R  to  by  Dr.  ('R,  th.  pnst  tonektnn.  4;)  the  post,  morteot  of  Staff  Tl,  Rutted  that  ::mined  lira_  P.lmAr  life  fnr  £3OO,  'arl  another  examination  on  a  ter,  to  in,iore  his  wiff-'i  life  e  certified  that  Mrs.  Palmer  es%  of  T  ner,)  m  (eon  of  Mr.  it  the  New  Equit  We  Life  On  the  13th  of  January,  the  cate  of  a  ,  oposal  for  £3OO  o  n  th  e  lif  e  of  Mrs.  Palmer,  cert STYLE=superscript  b  ifi STYLE=superscript  y  her  bus busiand  iand busiand  ;  on  the  19th  it  was  :accepted;  ou  ;he  26,h  4  January,  1854,  a  further  oronosal  for  £3,000  on  the  life  of  Mrs.  Palmer  was  received  by  the  office  and  accepted  the  same  day,  but  afterwards,  on  further  investigation,  it  was  lecliped,  A  Juror  wished  to  know  why  the  proposal  was  declined  ?  sted  that  such  a  question  was  not  nent  to  the  inqui  r  y,  and  be  called  upon  the  corone  r  to  exer exercise  cise exercise  some  discretion  in  allowing  these  irrevalent  questions  to  be  answered.  The  Coroner  :  This  is'  a  preliminary  enquiry,  and  I  should  he  very  sorry  to  prevent  any  question  which  'be  jury  may  think  it  necessary  to  ask  from  being  answered  and  put  mt  the  last  wi'n  Mr.  Smith  proti  on  the  note...  A  Juror  :  Will  you  state  why  tharproposal  was  declined?  Witness  :  It  was  declined  in  consequence  of  some  infor information  mation information  we  received  from  one  of  the  other  offices,  and  because  we  heard  that  proposals  had  been  made  by  Mr.  Palmer  on  the  life  of  his  wife  at  other  offices,  and  declined.  Mr.  S  nith  :  Whr,  this  is  no  evidence  es  affecting  the  nresent  enquiry.  We  have  heard  that  Mr.  Palmer  poisoned  Lord  Gorge  Bentinck;  I  will  have  that  on  the  notes  soon.  (L  ngh  er  )  ry  Mr.  John  Goddar  toga  actuary  to  the  Rock  Life  Insurance  .reposed  26  - STYLE=superscript  h  of  January,  1854.  by  W.  Palmer.  for  the  assurance  of  his  wif,'s  life  for  £5OOO,  for  six  yfars  ;  after  the  propnsal  was  made  the  directors  wished  to  know  the  interest  which  Mr.  Palmer  had  his  wife's  life,  the  amount  which  he  was  going  to  insure  in  their  office;the  amount  he  was  about  to  borrow,  and  why  the  proposal  waq  made  for  six  years  only  ;  the  proposal  was  ultimately  declined.  Mr.  Thomas  Michael  St  - STYLE=superscript  awbridge,  manner  of  the  National  Provinci  a  l  B  ranc  h  B  ink  at  Ruzeley,  and  a  l  so  agent  at  11f4.;  ley  to  the  Scottish  Equitable  Insurance  Company,  depo•ed  to  a  p  licy  being  effected  in  January,  1854,  for  £5OOO,  by  W.  Palmer,  on  the  life  of  his  wife,  Mrs.  Ann  P  Onier,  and  also  to  the  amount  of  the  policy  hein;  paid  to  Palmer  in  March.  1355,  after  Mrs.  Palmer's  death.  Mr.  Alfred  Bishop  Butterfifli.  of  London,  a  clerk  in  the  Sun  Life  Insurance  Company,  produced  a  proposal  made  by  W.  P:Ome  r  on  the  life  of  his  wire.  for  £5OOO,  dated  the  10th  tv.as  silned  by  uoma  on  the  of  Fob•  n  rv  ,  1  John  Amicable  Trlstir  tiy  maid,  tht  a  made  to  to  that  (Ace  •  on  omp STYLE=superscript  the  3r,1,  .TAnaa,w,  a  1 STYLE=superscript  854,  by  •  le,  for  £3OO  ;  the  proposal,  , STYLE=superscript  lamer,  on  the  lir  1,  and  produced  a  bottle  which  the  superintend  en  t  of  police  at  r's  house,  the  clay  on  wh;eh  geley  to  Stafford,  on  the  913th  the  blttle  were  cornlosed  of  t.•  •  ^  •  Y,  in  P  •  .._  ;  t  h  e  I  ant;  AO  ;  II  h  t  _  •  'ntents  estinz  it  niony  ;  it  was  better  known  to  een  the  Smith,  r  Taylor,  gal  l  :  Is  not  this  of  in  this  country  of  slo  w  'At  on  record  p  ace  re.pectinz  Pro've:nr  s  analYsis  of  the  contents  is  he  (Professor  Tay'lo►)  night.  Mr.  Deane  and  be  cenveniant.  n  which  g  the  reit  l STYLE=superscript  't  of  his  of  those  ith  ob  n  that  case  they  had  better  the  cause  of  Palmer',s.  The  G  er  then  pr  s  remar  d  to  address  the  jury.  He  Tyin^  that  many  statements  he  hoped  alight  InYtaino  *  0  1.1101?  lt,  In  reference  to  the  case  of  Mr.  James  Parsons  Cook,  a  book  has  been  found  in  Palmer's  library  which  treats  of  poisoning  by  strychnine,  and  in  one  pate  of  this  book  there  are  a  number  of  marginal  notes  in  Palmer's  hand handwritinr,  writinr, handwritinr,  descriptive  of  the  symptoms  and  effects  of  strychnine,  which  exactly,  in  every  particular,  correspond  with  the  symptoms  exhibited  by  the  late  Mr.  Cook  imme immediately  diately immediately  before  his  death.  This  hook  is  in  the  possession  of  the  police,  and  will  he  produced  at  the  trial.  The  charge  against  Mr.  Samuel  Cheshire,  the  postmas postmasnen  nen postmasnen  preg-  I  ter  of  Rurel  y,  of  opening  the  letter  from  Professor  Tay-"
