text
"STATISTICAL  CONGRESS  AT  BRUSSELS•  Now  that  the  Congress  is  over,  and  the  streets  are  already  thinned  of  the  many  remarkable  men  that  one  has  met  for  the  last  four  days  at  every  turn,  it  may  be  well,  before  re recording  cording recording  the  proceedings  of  yesterday,  to  note  down  a  few  of  the  observations  which  such  a  conference  naturally  calls  forth.  Among  the  learned  strangers  who  cheerfully  an answered  swered answered  to  the  call  of  the  „Belgian  Commission,  openly  to  dis discuss  cuss discuss  the  elements  of  statistical  science,  there  prevails,  as  to  the  result  of  the  Congress,  the  strongest  feeling  of  hope  and  confidence.  It  may  not  excite  as  much  interest  in  Eng England,  land, England,  where  statistics,  although,  I  believe,  looking  a  little  of  late,  are  yet  very  far  from  having  attained  that  at attention  tention attention  from  the  public  and  encouragement  from  the  Govern Government  ment Government  which  they  certainly  deserve.  As  to  personal  feeling,  on  ail  sides,  the  warmest  tribute  has  been  paid  to  the  gentle  and  untiring  courtesy  with  which  the  visitors  have  been  treated  by  every  member  of  the  Belgian  commission,  from  M.  Quetelet,  the  president,  to  its  indefatigable  secretary,  M.  Heuschling.  They  really  would  appear  to  have  a  royal  mode  of  managing  these  in  Belgium.  The  King  honoured  the  Congress  with  his  presence,  thus  showing  true  sympathy  with  the  arduous  labours  of  men,  whose  special  vocation  it  is  to  seek  after  the  truth.  Yesterday,  some  fifty  members  had  the  honour  of  dining  with  his  Majesty,  at  the  palace,  and  they  were  much  gratified  with  the  evident  cordiality  of  their  reception.  On  Monday  evening  there  was  a  learned  conversazione  at  the  house  of  M.  Quetelet.  Tuesday,  another,  at  the  residence  of  M.  Ducpetiaux,  I  n  sp  ec  t  or  -G  ener  al  of  Prisons.  Wednesday,  the  members  met  at  the  Statistical  Congress  dinner,  up  in  that  style  of  to  use  a  consecrated  phrase,  which  only  a  restaurateur  in  Paris  or  in  Brussels  can  ever  hope  to  attain.  Yesterday,  after  the  royal  dinner,  there  was  a  grande  reception  at  the  hotel  of  M.  Piercot,  the  Minister  of  the  Interior,  a  gentleman  who,  by  his  elo eloquence  quence eloquence  when  called  upon  to  address  the  conference,  and  by  his  impartial,  and,  I  suppose  I  must  not  add  Englishman Englishmanlike,  like, Englishmanlike,  manner  of  conducting  the  business  of  the  meeting  when  he  presided,  has  contributed  not  a  little  to  their  harmony  and  the  entente  cordiale  that  prevailed  throughout.  The  brilliant  salons  received  additional  lustre  from  the  profusion  of  crosses  of  honour  and  merit  with  which  the  greater  number  of  the  guests  were  decorated.  During  the  Congress,  not  an  attention,  however  minute,  that  could  in  any  way  contribute  to  the  comfort  and  gratifi gratification  cation gratification  of  the  visitors  has  been  forgotten.  On  the  cards  of  members  was  endorsed  a  goodly  list  of  collections  of  paint paintings,.  ings,. paintings,.  and  all  the  customary  that  engage  inquisitive  in  a  chace,  of  which  he,  and  he  only,  never  tires.  To  be  a  Member  of  the  Statistical  Con  g  ress,  was  of  itself  sufficient  to  ensure  a  kindly  welcome  from  every  one.  Even  the  hotel-keepers,  with  that  tact  and  eavoir-faire  which  unmistakeably  distinguish  them  from  their  English  brethren,  whose  tact  seems  confined  to  squeezing  out  of  their  resigned  victims  as  much  unlawful  plunder  as  they  possibly  can,  naturally  took  up  the  tone  of  extra  courtesy  and  readiness  to  oblige  ;  that  seemed  to  be  the  order  of  the  and,  strange  as  it  may  appear,  no  signs  have  been  detected  of  its  having  been  charged  in  the  bill  !  The  clubs  (the  Cercle  du  Commerce,  and  the  Cercle  Artis Artistique)  tique) Artistique)  threw  open  their  doors  to  the  foreigners,  and  every  one  who  has  travelled  much  on  the  Continent  will  readily  appreciate  the  value  of  such  an  arrangement  ;  you  have  but  to  look  in  upon  a  solitary  Englishman,  sitting  up  at  night  in  the  salle  a  manger  of  a  continental  hotel,  talking  his  own  peculiar  French  to  the  sleepy  waiters  by  way  of  practice,  and  you  must  feel  that  his  position  is  not  precisely  that  which  mathematicians  would  call  of  the  highest  of  domestic  comfort.  The  Statistical  Congress  of  Brussels  will  be  remembered  for  years  with  pleasure  by  the  many  strangers  present,  who  all  equally  felt  that  here  at  least  was  a  happy  neutral  ground,  beyond  the  reach  of  small  national  jealousies  and  political  partisanship.  If  ever  there  was  a  field  that  should  be  equally  open  to  the  whole  world,  it  is  the  field  of  science  in  general,  and  more  especially  that  of  statistical  science  ;  for  the  exact  knowledge  of  the  many  complicated  facts,  the  sum  of  which  roes  far  to  make  up  the  social  happiness  or  misery  of  a  people,  is  undeniably  of  equal  importance  to  all  forms  of  government,  as  it  is  to  all  philosophers  who,  while  they  wish  well  to  the  moral,  do  not,  on  that  account,  neglect  the  material  progress  of  mankind.  Yesterday,  at  two  o'clock,  the  Congress  held  its  fourth  and  last  sitting,  under  the  presidentship  of  M.  Quetelet,  who  was  after  a  short  time  succeeded  by  the  Minister  of  the  Interior.  Out  of  the  mass  of  reports  presented  to  the  meeting,  and  looking  to  the  great  length  of  the  discussions  that  followed,  I  propose  to  confine  myself  to  such  points  as  appear  most  likely  to  interest  your  English  readers.  I  would  wish  to  notice  more  particularly  the  resolutions  and  recommenda recommendations  tions recommendations  of  the  Congress  that  have  reference  to  the  census  and  to  national  surveys.  The  first  is  of  admitted  import importance,  ance, importance,  the  latter  equally  so  ;  and  at  this  moment  it  is  of  the  most  urgent  necessity  that  it  should  be  well  considered,  as  there  really  appears  to  have  been  considerable  danger,  if  we  are  to  judge  from  official  correspondence  recently  circulated  on  the  subject,  that  the  country  should  be  quietly  saddled  with  an  expenditure  of  a  million  or  two  sterling,  for  the  survey  of  Scotland  and  part  of  England,  on  the  scale  of  six  inches  to  one  mile,  as  in  Ireland  ;  that,  too,  after  the  notorious  insufficiency  of  the  six-inch  scale  for  the  different  circumstances  of  England  and  Scotland.  On  the  Continent  generally,  and  more  especially  among  the  dis distinguished  tinguished distinguished  men  who  have  directed  and  finished  great  na national  tional national  surveys,  the  scale  of  six  inches  to  a  mile  is  considered  fit  only  for  an  index  map,  and  not  for  what  a  map  ought  really  to  be—an  absolute  facsimile  of  the  surface  of  the  ground  itself,  with  all  the  varieties  of  its  physical  materials  and  artificial  condition.  The  Congress  unanimously  adopted  general  recommenda recommendations  tions recommendations  to  the  following  effect,  on  the  subject  of  national  sur surveys  veys surveys  Th  :—  e  Cadastre  to  consist  of  the  survey  and  valuation  ;  its  permanency,  that  is,  the  keeping  .  it  up  to  the  actual  state  of  things  being  admitted  as  a  principle,  and  means  taken  to  do  this  so  effectually  as  to  avoid  the  very  costly,  if  not  very  use useful,  ful, useful,  method  of  revision  at  distant  periods.  The  survey  to  be  made,  and  the  maps  of  the  whole  coun country  try country  to  be  laid  down  on  the  ordinary  scale  of  1-2,500  (about  our  common  scale  in  England  of  three  chains  to  one  inch,  or  26  2-3  inches  to  one  mile).  The  following  modifications  to  be  adopted  under  certain  circumstances  :  For  forests  and  mountains,_  the  scale  of  1-5,000  (nearly  13  inches  to  the  mile)  ;  for  villages  and  crowded  districts,  1-1,250  (say  50  inches  to  the  mile)  ;  for  maps  of  large  towns,  intended  for  sewerage  and  sanitary  purposes,  the  scale  of  1-500  (a  very  little  larger  than  the  scale  of  ten  feet  to  one  mile  now  adopted  by  the  Board  of  Health  for  the  map  of  London  and  large  towns)  ;  general  index  maps  to  be  on  the  scale  either  of  1-10,000  or  1-20,000  (that  is,  about  six  inches  and  three  inches  respectively  to  the  mile)  for  the  purpose  of  bringing  together  under  the  eye  a  con considerable  siderable considerable  surface  of  the  country,  when  minute  detail  is  not  required.  The  views  of  the  committee  specially  delegated  to  report  upon  this  question  were  at  once  adopted  by  the  Congress,  and  they  were  of  opinion  that  the  Cadastre  should  be  ori originally  ginally originally  so  true  and  so  carefully  kept  to  represent  the  truth,  as  to  be  at  all  times  undeniable  evidence—the  operation  thus  becoming  not  what  it  has  unfortunately  been  too  much  considered  hitherto,  a  mere  affair  of  taxation,  but  that  it  should  henceforth  have  a  wider  and  a  nobler  object  in  view—that  it  should  form  the  inventory  of  the  real  pro property  perty property  of  the  country,  its  general  register  (grand  livre)—  that  it  should  be  the  basis  of  the  agricultural  and  other  statistics  of  the  kingdom,  believing  that,  if  founded  upon  truly  scientific  principles,  and  carried  on  in  a  liberal  and  enlightened  spirit,  the  organisation  and  preservation  of  na national  tional national  surveys  on  a  sufficient  scale  to  serve  as  correct  records,  is  one  of  the  greatest  benefits  that  a  Government  can  confer  upon  a  country.  In  reference  to  population,  the  Congress  made  the  follow following  ing following  important  recommendation  :  The  general  census  to  be  taken  of  every  individual  actually  in  the  country  at  the  date  of  enumeration  [population  de  fait],  and  such  particulars  given  as  may  .  be  required,  of  those  individuals  having  legal  domicile  in  the  country,  although  absent  from  it  [population  de  droit].  The  census  to  be  taken  at  equal  periods,  not  more  distant  than  ten  years  ;  the  first  m  December,  1860.  Special  agents  or  enumerators  to  be  employed;  a  separate  return  to  be  ob obtained  tained obtained  for  each  family,  to  comprise  the  family,  christian,  and  other  names,  place  of  birth,  spoken  language,  religion,  con condition  dition condition  (single,  married,  or  widower),  profession  or  occupation,  residence  (whether  temporary  or  permanent),  children  re receiving  ceiving receiving  education,  houses  by  stories,  and  number  of  rooms  in  the  occupation  of  each  family  ;  existing  sickness  ;  number  of  blind,  deaf  and  dumb,  and  insane.  In  addition  to  the  above  periodical  census,  the  register  intended  to  exhibit  the  movements  of  the  population,  to  be  kept  up  from  year  to  year  between  the  intervals  of  the  great  census,  and  to  set  forth—the  births  by  sex,  by  age  of  both  parents,  legitimate  and  illegitimate,  number  of  twins;  still stillborn,  born, stillborn,  deaths,  marriages,  and  divorces  by  months  ;  the  deaths  by  sex,  by  .  age  in  months,  with  cause  of  death,  and  profession;  marriages  by  age  of  both  the  contracting  parties,  with  their  profession  or  occupation,  and,  considering  the  extreme  importance  of  a  simple  and  uniform  nomenclature  of  diseases,  equally  applicable  to  all  countries,  the  attention  of  learned  men  is  to  be  called  to  the  question,  with  a  view  to  a  uniform  nomenclature  being  adopted  at  some  future  Congress.  Upon  the  proposition  of  Mr.  LzoNt  LEvi,  the  learned  pro professor  fessor professor  of  commercial  law  at  King's  College,  London,  the  Con Congress  gress Congress  now  expressed  an  earnest  wish  for  the  speedy  establish establishment  ment establishment  of  an  international  code  of  commerce  by  the  assistance  of  a  Congress  to  be  hereafter  specially  called  for  the  purpose.  They  also  recorded  the  same  wish  in  favour  of  a  universal  penny  postage.  After  some  conversation,  the  choice  of  the  next  place  of  meeting  was  left  an  open  question  for  the  present.  Upon  the  motion  of  Viscount  EBRINGTON,  who  has  taken  a  most  active  pad  in  the  discussion  of  the  conference,  thanks  were  voted  to  the  promoters  of  the  Congress.  The  PRESIDENT,  having  thanked  the  meetin  g  for  himself  and  his  colleagues,  deolaredthe  session  of  1853  to  be  at  an  end,  and  the  assembly  separated  amidst  loud  applause,  and  the  universal  satisfaction  of  the  members.—Morning  Chronicle.  INQUESTS.—Yesterday,  Horny  Churton,  Esq.,  coroner,  held  an  inquest  at  Birkenhead,  on  the  body  of  an  old  woman  aged  72,  named  Mary  Cox,  who  died  on  Monday  from  a  fall  down  the  stairs  of  her  own  house  in  Leicester Leicesteritreet.  itreet. Leicesteritreet.  Verdict,  accidental  death."
