text
"in  comparison  with  the  English  government,  stands  out  in  glowing  colours  ;  had  the  Earl  of  Malmesbury  been  Foreign  Secretary,  there  would  have  been  a  different  state  of  things  at  the  present  time.  --?ours,  Mr.  Editor,  A  CONSTANT  READER.  THE  LIVERPOOL  POLICE.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  SIR,—A  few  days  ago  I  addressed  you  a  short  note  on  the  subject  of  the  inefficiency  of  the  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  police,  which  met  your  approval.  It  is  to  be  regretted  that  this  subject  is  not  more  vigorously  taken  up,  in  all  its  bearings,  and  purified  by  being  passed  through  the  crucible  of  public  opinion:  That  the  police  regulations—or  rather  the  want  of  regulation—for  the  maintenance  of  order,  the  sup suppression  pression suppression  of  crinie,  and  the  prevention  of  other  evils  of  daily  occurrence,  are  lamentably  deficient,  is  no  longdr  doubted  ;  consequently  the  question  is  naturally  suggested  :  Why'  should  such  be  the  ease  ?  When  the  present  High  Constable  WaS  se  lected  to  fill  that  important  post,  it  was  the  pre prevailing  vailing prevailing  opinion  the  police  force  generally  would  be  governed  with  that  degree  of  vigour  and  caution,  with  respect,td  discipline  and  iiiitilifidations,  as  to  constitute  it,  if  not  the  best,  at  least  one  of  the  most  efficient  of  public  bodies;  that  it  would  be  regenerated  from  the  disorganised  state  into  which  it  had  fallen  since  the  resignation  of  Mr.  Whitty.  We  did  not  expect  that  the  men  would  be  merely  instructed  in  the  mechanical  system  of  semi-mili semi-military  tary semi-military  tactics—to  wheel  into  eyes  dress  &amp;c:,  and  that  this  should  be  the  sine  qua  non  of  a  police-officer's  duty.  Drill  them  by  all  Means  ;  but  let  it  be  by  instilling  into  them  the  true  nature  of  the  service  they  have  to  perforin— perforinlet  let perforinlet  them  be  frequently  catechised  on  the  principles  Which  constitute  moral  law  and  order—let  intelli intelligence,  gence, intelligence,  perspicacity  end  activity,  be  the  passports  into  the  force.  Weed  out  the  numerous  indifferent  cha  racters,  who  are  incapacitated,  both  morally  and  mentally;  let  the  superior  officers,  Inspectcr%,  &amp;c.,  be  superior  also  in  mind,  arid  they  will  not  (as  now)  arrogate  and  assume  such  fantastic  tricks  as  to  render  themselves  the  Objects  of  ridicule  which  they  have  not  the  discrimi  nation  to  see.  At  present  the  subordinate  apes  the  superior  —the  manner  looses  nothing  iii  the  transit,  and  renders  the  picture  a  mass  of  incongruities.  The  police,  from  the  head  constable  down,  are  the  servants  of  the  burgesses;  they  are  paid  and  clothed  at  the  expense  of  the  burgesses— burgessestherefore  therefore burgessestherefore  the  burgesses  have  ,an  undoubted  _right  to  insist  that  their  servants  shall  be  competent  to  discharge  their  duties  in  a  proper  manner.  It  can cannot  not cannot  be  that  Captain  Greig  is  ignorant  of  the  ma materials  terials materials  requisite  to  form  an  efficient  police  force;  his  perception  cannot  be  so  obtuse  as  not  to  know  that  the  continual  blunders  perpetrated  by  his  sub-.  ordinates  arise  principally  from  utter  unfitness,  because  his  own  position  would  be  thereby  com compromised  promised compromised  and  commented  upon  in  no  very  com complimentary  plimentary complimentary  terms;  still  the  public  will  be  led  to  believe  that  he  does  not  energetically  use  the  influence  accorded  to  him,  from  his  commanding  position,  to  sweep  away  an  evil  which  is  every  day  becoming  more  intolerable  It  cannot  be  denied  that  vice  and  immorality  exist  in  this  town  to  an  alarming  extent,  that  that  most  horrible  state  of  human  depravity—pros depravity—prostitution—shows  titution—shows depravity—prostitution—shows  its  hideous  features  in  every  street,  lane,  and  court,  in  Liverpool  ;  that  its  im importunities,  portunities, importunities,  by  fallen  frailty,  are  suffered  to  prevail  unprevented—that  abandoned  language  is  uttered  with  impunity.  Yet  do  the  police  interfere  to  stop  it?  No  ;  in  nine  cases  out  of  twelve,  they  do  not  !  Why  ?  If  Captain  Greig  does  not  know—and  I  believe  he  does  not—l  will  tell  him  :  It  is  not  at  all  times  convenient  !  He  does  not  know  that  many  —too  many  —of  his  men  are  in  the  habit  of  receiving  largess  from  wanton  demireps  to  propi propitiate  tiate propitiate  the  favour  of  the  man  to  suffer  them  to  pursue  their  traffic  unmolested,  and  of  which  they  are  not  slow  to  take  every  advantage.  He  does  not  know  that  there  are  boozing  in  which  the  police  are  at  all  times  welcome  to  a  fee  in  the  shape  of  a  glass  of  spirits  merely  to  •He  does  not  knoW  that  the  blackguard  exhibitions  of  cock-fighting  .and  dog-fighting  are  also  bought  over  by  an  acquaintance  with  the  policeman,  who  has,  at  times,  bets  depending  on  the  issue  of  the  fight.  I  could  adduce  many  other  cases  of  malversation  but  the  facts  will  keep.  So  long  as  this  state  of  things  exists,  how  can  we  expect  to  have  au  efficient  police  force  ?  Unoffending  citizens  will  still  continue  to  be  dragged  off  to  bridewell  for  merely  talking  too  in  the  streets  ;  poor  venders  of  apples  and  oranges  will  be  brutally  hustled,  kicked,  and  otherwise  abused  (as  I  have  seen)  in  their  endeavours  to  earn  an  honest  penny  ;  and  respectable  publicans  will  be  annoyed  by  the  most  unfair  system  of  espionage  on  frivolous  pretexts,  while  brothel-keepers,  low  beer-house  keepers,  and  other  rendezvous  for  :iniquity  are  suffered  to  revel.  in  security,  be because  cause because  the  policeman  has  been  mugged  to  keep  This  state  of  things  cannot  be  suffered  to  exist  much  longer,  otherwise  the  better  classes  of  our  community  must,  in  self-defence,  emphatically  insist  upon  a  sweeping  reform  in  the  police  organisation.  What  are  the  watch-commit watch-committee  tee watch-committee  about—are  they  indifferent  ?  And  whatever  Mr.  Mansfield  may  think,  he  does  not  give  - STYLE=superscript  that  free  and  open  expression  of  opinion  on  the  many  flagrant  faux  pas  which  come  under  his  notice.  This  is  a  fruitful  subject,  and  with  your  permission  I  will  recur  to  it  ;  for  there  is  something  radically  wrong,  and  the  public  have  a  right  to  be  put  in  possession  of  the  facts.—l  remain  sir,  &amp;c.,  CIVIS  HOME  FOR  THE  DESTITUTE.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SIR,—It  is  gratifying  to  find  that:the  press  is  not  entirely  dead  to  the  misery  of  our  fellow-creatures,  and  that  one  section  of  it,  at  least,  is  not  afraid  to  be  found  sympathising  with  an  unfortunate  portion  of  the  community.  Your  article  in  to-day's  Times  suggests  an  excellent  remedy  for  stopping  one  of  the  channels  by  which  the  dead  sea  of  prostitution  is  supplied  :  that  is  by  erecting  homes  for  destitute  and  friend friendless  less friendless  females,  and  servants  out  of  place,  in  large  towns.  The  picture  you  have  drawn  of  the  scenes  at  night  in  some  parts  of  the  town  is  but  a  shadow  of  the  reality  ;  for  beneath  the  surface  of  society  here  there  lies  fostering  a  must  horrible  mass  of  crime,  immorality,  and  disease,  which  seldom  or  never  meets  the  public  eye,  but  continues  from  day  to  day  to  spread  its  baneful  influence,  without  any  steps  being  taken  to  arrest  its  destructive  effects.  While  reflecting  on  .such  a  subject,  it  brings  to  mind  the  k  crusade  .  preached  by  Neile  and  other  so-called  ministers  of  the  gospel  of  Christ,  against  poor  servant  girls,  because'  they  thought  right  to  worship  Ciud  ao  thair  fathers  had  done,  and  exercise  that  freedom  of  opinion  which  he  and  utile..  a  aro  so  boastful  of  possessing.  If  among  the  unfortunate  frequenters  of  our  streets  are  to  be  found  any  of  these  poor  girls  who,  driven  by  want,  and  the  all  uremen  t  s  o  f  vice,  have  adopted  a  course  so  destructive  as  this,  how  will  such  men  answer  for  their  conduct  on  that  day  when  they  shall  stand  face  to  face  with  these  miserable  creatures  before  the  throne  'of  the  Father  ?—Yours,  Liverpool,  Dec.  14th,  1853.  REGENT.  POLICE  ABUSES  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sin,=Your  excellent  article  against  the  brutal  vio violence  lence violence  of  our  police,  induces'Me  to  point  out  a  system  prevailing  in  the  force,  certai  n  ly  n  ot  so  revolting  as  the  Unsparing  violence  of  men  in  authority,  but  equally  tyrannous  and  un-E  nglish.  I  refer  to  the  Continual  vexatious  summonses  issued  on  frivolous  informations,  not  warranted  by  any  flagrant  or  in injurious  jurious injurious  breach  of  law;  but  arising  out  of  these  two  causes  :  Firstly—The  Watch  Committee;  in  their  wisdom,grant  a  doceur,  or  gratuity,  to  thoSe  officers  who  have  themselves  by  the  largest  number  of  informatiOns  during  the  year.  This  I  am  credibly  informed,  becomes.  to  the  Unprincipled,  (and  it  is  plain  there  are  many  such  in  the  force).  a  premium  for  oppression.  Secondly—When  fines  are  inflicted  and  not  paid  within  a  certain  time,  a  warrant  is  issued,  which  is  served  by  the  officer  laying  the  information,  and  for  each  such  service  he  receives  one  shilling  and  sixpence,  thus  the  poorer  the  victims  the  more  certain  the  reward  of  their  persecutors.  Now,  as  a  rule,  there  should  be  no  inducement  beyond  his  regUlar  pay  for  a  police policeman  man policeman  to  do,  his  'duty,  and  the  Watch.  Committee  and  ML  gistratesare  to  - STYLE=superscript  blaMe  in  inciting  the  public  ser servants  vants servants  to  aots.,of  oppression,  while  serious  services  (if  unattended  with  extra  fees)  are  neglected  and  the  time  of  courts  wasted.  I  am  told  one  indus-"
