text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  24,000  Irishmen,  in  presence  of  all  that  tends  to  elevate  the  mind,  refine  the  taste,  and  purify  the  heart—eagerly  listening  to  the  enrapturing  grand  Hallelujah  chorus,  the  .effectiveness  of  which  was  increased  by  the  aid  of  five  hundred  performers.  Surely  after  the  long  reign  of  Discord  which  has  preceded,  we  will  not  be  considered  superstitious  if  we  regard  that  display  as  the  jubilate  shouts  of  a  revivified  nationality,  which,  like  the  giant  in  the  Castle  of  Otranto,  has  burst  the  cerements  of  its  tomb.  The  enthusiasm  displayed  on  the  day  set  apart  for  closing  the  Exhibition,  cannot  well  be  over-rated.  Every  one  was  anxions  to  take  a  last  fond  look  at  the  noblest  spectacle  ever  presented  to  the  public  eye.  The  doors  were  opened  'at  ten  o'clock  ;  and  before  twelve  the  galleries  of  the  building  were  thronged  with  as  fine  a  collection  of  natural  beauty  as  any  Metropolis  in  Europe  might  be  challenged  to  pro produce.  duce. produce.  Visitors  kept  pouring  in  like  a  torrent;  and  notwithstanding  the  price  of  admission  being  increased  to  half-a-crown,  considerably  over  21,000  persons  assembled.  Upon  the  arrival  of  their  Excellencies  the  Lord  Lieutenant  and  the  Countess  of  St.  Germans,  the  National  An Anthem  them Anthem  was  struck  up,  upon  which  the  vast  assemblage  burst  into  one  hearty  and  enthusiastic  cheer,  which  made  the  walls  and  roof  of  the  building  reverberate  with  acclamation.  We  ear earnestly  nestly earnestly  hope  that  the  evil  days  which  have  fallen  upon  Ireland,  have  for  ever  passed  away  —  indeed,  we  believe  that  they  have—and  that  the  true  Conciliation  which  a  patriot's  genius  has  erected,  may  be  viewed  as  an  earnest  of  the  good  time  coming,  when  hellish  Discord—the  only  reptile  which  ST.  PATRICK  did  not  banish— banishshall  shall banishshall  be  destroyed—when  universal  amity  and  prosperity  shall  prevail—and  when  Ireland  herself  shall  cease  to  be  a  reproach—and,  in  the  words  of  RIENZI'S  prayer  for  his  fallen  country,  rise  from  her  long  prostration,  and  appear  like  unto  a  bride  adorned  for  her  thus  eminently  real realising  ising realising  the  appellation  of  Great,  glorious,  and  free  —  First  flower  of  the  earth,  and  first  gem  of  the  sea.  GAS  are  the  great  Wizard  inventions  of  the  ago,  are  save  the  mark  !  And  they  are  not  Oh  !  propitious  discovery!  They  are  pressure  say  some  peisons.  They  are  not  pressure  exclaim  the  Gas  Companies.  When  such  disputes  as  these  occur,  honest  ends  are  often  attained.  For  our  own  part  we  question  much  whether  the  great  Wizard  of  the  North  ever  played  off  a  greater  delusion  on  the  public  with  the  same  success.  The  Gas  Meter  is  a  great  conjuring  box,  and  those  who  perform  the  best  tricks  with  it,  are  mainly  indebted  to  engi engineers  neers engineers  and  chemists,  who  act  as  the  accomplices  cf  the  adroit  performers,  The  first  and  great  peculiarity  of  all  gases  is  the  extraordinary  extent  to  which  they  expand  and  to  which  they  can  be  compressed,  and  coal  gas,  by  some  strange  perversity  of  physical  arrangement,  is  capable  of  greater  compression  than  many  others.  The  Portable  Gas  Company  of  London  usually  compressed  their  gas  in  the  bottles,  in  which  they  delivered  it  to  their  customers  to  a  density  of  2,000  lbs.  to  the  inch,  or  about  133  atmospheres.  The  evil  of  this  high  den density  sity density  or  pressure  was,  that  the  gas  passed  through  the  consuming  pipes  at  precisely  the  same  density  at  which  it  stood  in  the  bottle  or  magazine.  The  consequence  was  that  the  jet  was  discharging  gas  at  a  pressure  of  2,000  lbs.  to  the  inch,  instead  of  in  a  volume  equal  to  .about  4  or  5  lbs.  to  the  inch,  which  is  all  that  would  be  required  to  produce  the  most  brilliant  light.  Hence  the  quantity  of  gas  consumed  was  1,995  pounds  to  the  inch  more  that  was  actually  necessary  for  the  purposes  of  lighting  This  was  not  a  fatal  circumstance  for  the  con conpany  pany conpany  in  question.  They,  as  a  matter  of  course,  employed  the  which  registered  most  ac accurately  curately accurately  the  number  of  pounds  pressure  to  the  imh,  with  which  the  Company  charged  its  customers  in  the  usual  way,  per  for  so  many  de  u usand  sand usand  feet.  Now  this  Company's  mode  of  thing  business  will  §erve  to  illustrate  the  gross  imposi imposition,  tion, imposition,  if  not  actual  fraud,  to  which  the  publi)  are  exposed,  in  being  made  to  pay  for  any  pressure  which  the  Gas  Companies  choose  to  put  or  their  instead  of  the  low  luminous  volume  required.  At  one  period  the  public  were  allowed  tie  privi privilege  lege privilege  of  burning  gas  without  a  but  they  are  now  compelled,  forsooth,  to  use  an  iistrument  of  plunder,  by  which  companies  grow  rih.  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  has  long  been  fleeced  to  a  fearfil  extent  by  this  and  extra  s3stem.  The  latter  is  perhaps  a  shade  more  iniquibus  than  the  Meter  itself.  The  quantity  consumes  is  regulated  by  the  pressure  at  the  head  or  soiree  of  supply,  totally  irrespective  of  the  bore  of  the  pipes  or  jets  which  convey  it  to  the  points  of  con consumption,  sumption, consumption,  or  the  number  of  aifices  through  which  it  is  discharged.  Large  pipes  ar  e  used  for  convenience  and  economy  in  delivery.  Plenty  of  pipe  room  relieves  the  gasometer  by  drawing  off  the  gas  ;  and  it  matters  not  what  the  bore  of  the  pipes  may  be  which  :lonvey  the  gas  from  the  main  to  the  gas  cf  the  consumer,  the  pressure  on  the  wal  be  precisely  the  same  ;  and  let  the  orifice  through  which  the  gas  is  discharged  be  ever  so  smal:,  the  density  of  the  jet,  and  the  quantity  of  gas  expended  will  be  equal  to  that  which  the  feed-pipe  itself  could  die.  charge.  Were  it  not  for  this,  the  fact  of  gas  being  compressible  would  no  longer  be  tenable.  To  be  charged,  therefore,  for  the  mere  sub subdivision  division subdivision  of  a  column  of  gas,  which  would  be  cm cmsumed  sumed cmsumed  by  one  as  well  as  fifty  burners,  is  an  imposition  to  which  the  public  ought  not  to  sib sibmit.  mit. sibmit.  The  plunder  of  the  may  be  carried  on  to  any  extent.  The  Companies  lave  only  to  increase  the  pressure,  by  employing  mithi mithinery  nery mithinery  to  force  the  gas  into  their  pipes,  wher  the  will  do  their  part,  and  the  fleecirq  pro process  cess process  may  be  increased  ad  libitum.  It  is  really  a  monstrous  thing  to  say  that  all  these  CorFrations  have  been  established  by  acts  of  Parliament,  and  that  the  collective  wisdom  of  our  enlighteied  legis legislative  lative legislative  conclaves  has  not  discovered  the  possibility  of  fraud  being  perpetrated  by  such  means  to  an  ex extent  tent extent  hitherto  unknown.  That  the  chemical  and  engineering  professions  have  remainA  silent  so  long  is  equally  astounding.  Every  chemist  is  aware,  or  he  ought  to  be,  of  the  compressibility  of  gases,  and  cial  gas  in  parti particular,  cular, particular,  and  every  practical  enginee?  must,  or  ought  to,  know  the  utter  impossibility  cf  measuring  any  given  number  of  cubic  feet  of  gas  at  a  given  density—say  5  lb.  to  the  inch—by  the  gas  in  ordinary  use.  A  real  Meter  is  an  instrument  which  will  take  ia  a  certain  quantity,  in  feet  or  inches,  at  a  giver  density.  If  51135.  to  the  inch  be  sufficient  it  should  be  constructed  to  receive,  and  give  off  so  many  inches  or  feet  at  5  lbs.  to  the  inch  density,  totally  irrespective  of  the  pressure  in  the  feed  pipes  Such  an  instrument  would  really  be  a  Meter,  and  not  a  mere  guage,  which  registers  pres pressure  sure pressure  only,  and  debits  the  consumer  with  four  times  the  quantity  of  gas  he  really  requires  !  That  the  Gas  Companies  will  relinquish  the  gigantic  advantage  they  have  over  the  public  is  not  at  all  probable.  What  then  ought  to  be  done  ?  The  course  we  would  suggest  is  to  call  meetings  in  every  Ward  in  the  Borough,  for  the  purpose  of  petitioning  both  Houses  of  Parliament  for  a  most  searching  inquity  into  the  •charges  and  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  of  incorporated  Gas  • STYLE=superscript  Companies.  It  is  high  time  the  Legislature  should  be  made  acquainted  with  the  system  by  which  the  British  public  are  openly  diddled  out  of  millions  annually.  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  should  bestir  herself,  and  if  the  Northern  towns  generally  were  to  direct  their  attention  to  this  vital  question  a  great  national  benefit  might  result  from  unity  of  action.  Gas  light  is  too  essen essential,  tial, essential,  by  far,  to  the  welfare  and  comfort  of  this  coun country  try country  to  be  left  in  the  unsatisfactory  position  it  is  in  at  present.  As  for  looking  to  the  shareholdets  in  Gas  Companies  for  any  commiseration  or  assistance  is  perfectly  futile.  They  have  quite  enough  to  do  to  look  after  and  secure  their  own  interests,  as  will  be  seen  by  a  report  of  certain  proceedings  before  the  Recorder  on  the  29th  ultimo,  which  appeared  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  the  following  day.  In  exposing  the  system  we  have  done  our  part,  and  we  now  say  to  the  . STYLE=superscript  public,  Go,  and  do  thou  CORRESPONDENCE  BETWEEN  ROBERT ROBERTSON  SON ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE,  ESQ.,  AND  THE  MAYOR  OF  .LIVERPOOL.  The  following  correspondence  has  been  handed  to  us  for  publication  :  [Copy  No.  I.]  .  •  •  •  .SIR,—In  the  course  of  the  observations  that  fell  from  you  in  the  Town  Council,  at  the  meeting  on  Monday  last,  I  understood  - STYLE=superscript  you  to  say,  that  you  had,  on  several  occasions,  been  provoked  to  retort,  but  that  you  had  been  determined,  to  bear  in  silence  the  remarks  that  had  been  made  by  me.  You  must  be  aware  that  it  would  have  been  in  vain  for  me  to  attempt  to  . STYLE=superscript  reply  to  this  statement  at  the  moment  ;  but  I  am  not  aware,  in  fact  I  deny,  that,  on  any  occasion,  I  have  made  use  of  language  inconsistent  with  the  fair  and  legitimate  rules  of  debate,  or  such  as  was  unbecoming  the  appoint appointment  ment appointment  I  hold  as  a  representative  of  the  people.  You  will  oblige  me,  therefore,  by  informing  me  what  it  is  you  refer  to,  when  I  will  take  an  oppor opportunity  tunity opportunity  of  pointing  out  another  error  you  committed,  as  well  as  the  irrelevancy  of  your  observations,  in inso  so inso  far  as  they  relate  to  the  real  and  main  point  at  issue.  I  am,  Sir,  your  obedient  Servant,  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  Samuel  Holme,  Esq.,  Mayor,  &amp;c.,  Town-Hall.  Union  -court,  2nd  Nov.,  1853."
