text
"e  was  about  to  propo  he  might  al  e  meant  the  Colli  of  their  Compet  the  Atlantic—h  snips  across.  He  —(laughter)—it  N  that  the  Collins'  1  vas  a  matter  of  history,  but  he  world  shown  them  how  to  make  5..1  great  deal  about  f  self  he  h  - STYLE=superscript  ad  secured  f  •  would  therefore  as  k  th  em  to  drink  a  full  Suet.  to  the  Collins'  coupling  William  Brown.  (Applause.)  ith  it  the  name  of  Mr  Ir.  Charl  Maclver,  who,  eers.)  The  chairm  said  tl:  1  them  in  speed  ;  but  t:  a  the  Collins'  co  powerful  competitors  to  con  lated  tl  em.  (Hear,  hear.)  to  the  fact,  that  was  enterpri,..„  skilful,  and  that  while  his  ships  were  one  day  to  be  seen  in  the  Arctic  seas,  h  e  was  i  n  t  h  e  next  to  be  seen  cutting  a  canal  to  unite  two  of  the  great  oceans  of  the  world.  (Hear,  hear.)  All  such  enterprise  was  net  only  a  national  benefit,  but  it  also  benefitted  the  world,  and  he  was  sure  there  was  not  one  in  this  country  who  was  more  gratified  at  the  suc•  dess  of.the  enterprise  of  the  Cunard  company,  and  the  gen gentlemen  tlemen gentlemen  connected  with  it,  than  he  was.  (Cheers.)  One  thing  he  regretted  to  see,  and  it  was  this,  that  the  enter enterprise  prise enterprise  was  not  sufficiently  remunerative  to  the  Proprietors,  as  the  act  lately  passed  at  the  instance  of  Lord  Campbell  sub subjected  jected subjected  them  to  responsibilities  whic:a  no  man  could  guard  against,  and  which  few  men  would  be  willing  to  incur.  (Hear,  hear,  hear.)  He  for  one  should  be  afraid  to  be  a  steam  ship  proprietor  under  the  circumstances,  but  the  Cunard  Company  were  willing  to  incur  all  those  responsibilities,  in  promoting  the  comfort  and  pro prosperity  sperity prosperity  of  their  fellow  subjects,  and,  on  that  account,  they  deserved  a  large  amount  of  success.  In  conclusion,  he  begged  to  propose  the  health  of  Mr.  Charles  Maclver,  and  trusted  that  he  and  his  family  might  long  enjoy  every  prosperity,  and  be  blessed  with  every  comfort.  The  toast  was  drunk  in  a  bumper,  and  was  acknowledged,  on  the  part  of  Mr.  Maclver,  by  the  OJ  end  with,  who  .  turn.  s  They  could  not  shut  theil  Mr.  and  then  proposed  the  h  ea  lth  of  _  aatrman STYLE=superscript  the  . STYLE=superscript  lion.  Joseph  Cunard.  In  doing  so,  he  said  he  had  long  experience  of  the  energy  and  zeal  which  Mr.  Charles  Maclver  displayed,  in  working  out  the  great  interests  of  his  company,  and,  in  fact,  in  a  great  measure  the  works  which  they  saw  around  them,  on  leaving  the  dock,  had  been  brought  into  being  by  his  energy.  (Hear,  hear.)  He,  on  all  occasions,  gave  the  dock  committee  every  assistance,  and  they,  in  turn,  felt  justified  to  do  their  utmost  to  carry  out  his  intentions,  but  there  was  another  gentleman,  one  who  was  connected  with  the  company  even  before  Mr,  Maclver,  whom  they  should  not  forget.  He  alluded  to  the  Hon.  Joseph  Cunard,  the  gentleman  with  whom  the  scheme  of  the  company  originated,  they  should  not  forget  g  its  great  success  the  man  with  w  Ae  hPrrarorl  om  it  I  (Hear,  hear  The  toast  was  drunk  with  all  the  honours.  The  Chairman  acknowledged  the  toast  on  behalf  of  the  lion.  Mr.  Cunard.  Mr.  Potter  proposed  the  health  of  Messrs,  Barns,  and  in  a  brief  but  eulogistic  address,  pointed  out  that  to  their  energy  too,  in  connection  with  the  gentlemen  with  whom  they  were  associated,  was  the  success  of  the  company  due.  The  toast  was  drunk  with  all  the  honours.  The  Chairman  responded  on  behalf  of  the  Messrs.  Burns.  Mr.  Harold  Littledale  proposed  Captain  Judkins'  health,  which  was  chunk  with  three  times  three.  Captain  J  udkins,  in  appropriate  terms,  ackowledged  the  compliment,  and  said  that  if  the  speed  of  the  Persia  on  her  approaching  trip,  did  not  come  up  to  expectation,  it  should  be  remembered  that  she  was  an  iron  ship,  and  that  he  was  new  to  such  vessels.  Before  he  thought  of  speed,  he  would  secure  safety,  and  when  he  had  that,  he  would  look  for  speed.  (Hear.)  If  he  erred  at  all,  he  would  err  on  the  right  side.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  The  health  of  Captain  Harrison,  who  is  to  command  the  Leviathan  ship,  now  being  built  by  Mr.  Scott  Russell,  was  then  drank.  rrison  r  I.P.,then  proposed  the  II(  of  the  chaff  I  that  n  )  the  etla  the  competition  bete  ,  that  that  competiti  on  wou  ld  b  e  carried  out  in  the  spirit  which  had  hitherto  pervaded  it,  and  which  was  alike  honourable  to  both.  (Cheers.)  The  Chairman  briefly  acknowledged  the  compliment.  ^  -•  .1  Judkins  then  proposad  the  healths  of  Captain  `;'aptain  West,  and  Captain  Eldridge,  the  corn cornthe  the cornthe  Collins'  line.  Comslock  mandcrs  vn,  M  P.,  acknowi  ged  the  complime  lemen  to  The  Chairman  then  proposed  the  health  of  Mr.  Bannin  The  toast  was  duly  honoured.  Mr.  Banning  briefly  acknowledged  the  complini  it,  in  doing  so  testified  to  the  efficient  and  satisfact....,  trit  in  which  the  mail  service  was  performed  by  both  companies  Mr.  Bathes,  of  the  Liverpool  Times,  responded  to  the  toast  of  the  Press  ;  after  which  the  company  broke  up.  The  Jackall,  tender,  was  in  attendance  to  bring  them  to  the  landingLstage.  THE  MURDER  OF  A  WIFE  AT  BATH  On  Monday  night  the  inquest  upon  the  body  of  Eliza  Howell,  who  was  brutally  murdered  by  her  husband  on  the  Saturday  night  preceding  (as  reported  in  yesterday's  NOIIIIIEIOI  TIMES),  was  commenced  before  Mr.  English,  the  coroner,  and  a  respectable  jury.  From  the  evidence,  additional  to  that  given  before  the  magistrates,  it  appeared  that  Howell,  after  inflicting  the  injuries  on  his  wife,  ran  off  to  the  midwife  who  had  previously  been  engaged  to  attend  the  deceased,  and  said  she  must  come  directly,  or  his  wife  would  be  dead  before  she  got  there.  When  near  near  the  house  Howell  wished  the  midwife  to  go  on  by  herself,  but  she  refused,  and  ho  then  accompanied  her.  She  found  four  or  five  people  in  the  room  NI  ith  deceased,  and,  upoa  seeing  the  dreadful  condition  of  the  latter  ,  declined  to  have  anything  to  do  with  her  without  medical  assistance.  Two  medical  men  were  almost  immediately  in  attendance.  but,  their  aid  was  useless.  After  deceased's  death  they  delivered  her  by  the  Caesarian  operation  of  a  healthy  male  child.  It  showed  no  signs  of  life,  but  had  not  long  been  dead,  and  would  'probably  have  been  alive  if  the  deceas  d  had  been  delivered  half  an  hour  earlier.  Mr.  Cox  and  Mr.  Barrett  deposed  to  the  injuries  sustained  by!deceased,  which  might  have  resulted  from  a  kick,  but  bore  rather  the  appearance  of  having  been  produced  by  the  heel  of  a  person's  boot  stamping  upon  deceased  after  she  was  down.  There  was  no  furniture  found  in  the  room  against  which  she  could  have  fallen  so  as  to  produce  the  injuries,  excepting  a  chair,  against  which  it  would  be  possible  for  her  to  have  fallen,  but  not  probable.  The  inquest  was  then  adjourned.  Letters  received  at  Berlin,  from  St.  Petersburg,  announce  that  orders  were  sent  off,  on  the  18th,  to  General  Gortschakoff  to  suspend  hostilities.  The  return  of  the  General  from  the  Crimea  is  expected;  he  is  to  be  appointed  Governor  of  Poland.  The  London  Post  says  :—We  believe  that  intelli intelligence  gence intelligence  has  been  received  from  St.  Petersburg,  that  on  the  18th  instant  the  Emperor  despatched  an  order  to  the  Russian  Generals  in  the  Crimea  to  suspend  hostilities.  This  important  public  step  argues  the  sincerity  of  Russia's  desire  for  peace—  a  desire  which  we  hope  may  soon  be  gratified  on  meet  and  sufficient  conditions.  At  the  same  time,  it  is  but  right  to  observe  that  the  acceptance  by  Russia  of  the  Austrian  ultimatum  does  not  justify  us  in  yet  :suspending  hostilities.  We  must  ourselves  sign  preliminaries  of  peace  before  we  can  abstain  from  acts  o  f  war  .  It  is  also  but  fair  to  remark,  that  at  the  present  season  of  the  year,  an  order  to  suspend  hostilities,  where  none  can  go  forward  amounts  to  a  mere  formality.  he  was  courteous  and  gentlemanly,  but,  at  the  same  time,  he  was  not  the  less  firm  in  requiring  that  whatever  was  necessary  for  the  efficiency  of  the  ship  should  be  done.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  believed  tat  no  officer  in  England  bad  fitted  oat  so  many  ships  as  Captain  Bevis,  nor  had  any  officer  done  so  much  for  the  transport  service  as  he,  had  done.  (Cheers.)  He  begged,  then,  to  propose  the  health  of  Captain  Bevis.  The  toast  was  drunk  with  all  the  honours.  Captain  Schomberg,  in  tha  absence  of  Captain  Bevis,  acknowledged  the  toast,  expressing  his  pleasure  at  a  brothe brotheofficer  officer brotheofficer  being  sa  highly  lauded  for  the  strict  and  faithfo  performance  of  his  duty.  The  Chairman  then  called  for  a  bumper  to  ha  toast  which  I  e,  namely,  the  not  say,  their  allies,  on  ships.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  knew  a  lines,  and  symmetry  of  build  ;  and,  in  a  word,  be  did  rot.  know  whether  the  Persia  would  have  been  floating  in  the  Mersey  that  day  had  it  not  been  for  the.existerice  of  the  Collins'  line.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  In  that  lay  the  advantage  of  competition—that  it  developed  not  only  enter enterprise,  prise, enterprise,  but  mechani  ca  l  s  kill  ,  in  making  it  a  n  e  c  essar  y  ele element  ment element  of  success.  (Hear,  hear.  , STYLE=superscript  )  That  enterprise  and  skill  had  been  shown  in  the  Collins'  line,  and  it  would  be  their  pride  that  day  to  drink  its  success  (cheers);  in  connec connection  tion connection  with  the  toast,  he  begged  to  couple  with  it  the  name  of  Mr.  William  Brown,  whose  energy  and  perseverance  had  rained  for  him  the  pre-eminence  he  now  enjoyed,  and  whose  esy,  and  urbanity,  had  earned  for  him  the  respect  of  all.  rs.)  The  same  respect  which  h  e  h  a  d  earned  for  him-  The  toast  was  drunk  standing,  and  with  all  the  honours.  Mr.  W.  Brown,  M.P.,  responded  to  the  toast.  He  said  he  felt  great  pleasure  in  his  name  being  coupled  with  it,  and  that  if  he  was  an  owner,  instead  of  being  as  he  was  the  mere  agent  of  the  company,  the  manner  in  which  it  was  proposed,  and  received,  could  not  have  been  more  pleasing  or  flatter flattering  ing flattering  to  him.  (Cheers.)  He  was  merely  the  agent  of  the  line,  but  no  words  could  adequately  describe  the  feeling  of  good  fellowship,  and  mutual  kindness,  which  characterised  the  intercourse  hetw,P  , STYLE=superscript  -  as  dit"
