text
"E.  HOWELL,  CHURCH-STREET,  LIVERPOOL.  ACCOUNT  BOOKS  of  every  description  made  to  Order,  in  the  best  style,  on  the  shortest  no  ti  ce  ,  an  d  at  reasonable  .  prices,  at  CHARLES  WlLLmEn's  WitotsseLll  STATIONERY  ESTABLISHMENT,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  STREET,  LIVERPOOL.  THE  NEW  YORK  ILLUSTRATED  NEWS  is  sup  ]plied  in  England  only  by  CHARLES  Wiumix  19,  SOUTH  JOHN-STREET,  LIVERPOOL.  Annual  Subscrip Subscription,  tion, Subscription,  (including  postage,)  15s.  in  advance.  Specimens  un  hand.  AMERICAN  BOOKS  AND  PUBLICATIONS  IMPORTED,  in  large  or  small  quantities,  by  CHARLES  WILLMER.  Orders  addrp...d  to  14,  S  OUTH  J  OHN  _  sin.F.T,  LIVERPOOL,  will  have  attention,  if  only  for  s  Single  Book.  THE  TIMES  and  all  the  other  DAILY  and  WEEKLY  LONDON  NEWSPAPERS  supplied  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  from  his  UNIVERSAL  NEWSPAPER  OFFICES,  19,  SOUTH  JOHN  -STREET,  LIVERPOOL,  COMMERCIAL  BUILDINGS,  BELFAST,  Or  19,  ANN  -STREET,  NEW  YORK.  NORTH  LA  N  CASH  IRE.—ADVERTISEMENTS  intended  to  be  read  by  the  Gentry  and  other  inhabitants  of  North  Lancashire  should  appear  in  the  PRESTON.  CHRONICLE.  Having  been  established  above  forty  years,  it  enjoys  a  large  circulation  among  all  classes.  Its  scale  of  charges  for  Advertisements  is  moderate,  having  been  reduced  since  the  abolition  of  the  Advertisement  Duty.  When  pro-paid,  which  can  be  done  by  postage  stamps,  Advertisements  of  4  lines,  or  30  words,  are  inserted  for  Is.  6d.,  and  8  lined,  or  60  words,  for  25.—Published  every  Saturday  morning,  at  23,  Fishorgate,  Preston.  THE  GOVERNING  CLASSES.  A  SERIES  OF  PORTRAITS  TO  BE  CONTINUED  WEEKLY  IN  PRE  LEADER,  a  complete  first-class  Weekly  Newspaper  ;  Political  and  Literary  Review.  (Estab-  lish  d  1850.  Published  every  Saturday  in  time  for  the  early  morning  mails,  price  Sixpence,  and  Sold  by  News Newsagents  agents Newsagents  in  all  parts  of  England,  or  may  be  had  direct  from  the  Publisher.  air  Terms  of  Subscription-133.  for  a  Half-year,  to  be  remitted  in  advance,  by  Money  Order,  payable  to  Mr.  Al Alfred  fred Alfred  E.  Galloway,  at  the  Office,  7,  Wellington-street,  Strand,  London.  NOTICE  TO  ADVERTISERS.  In  consequence  of  the  Repeal  of  the  Adverti  semen  t  Duty,  the  following,Reduced  Scale  is  now  charged  for  Advertising  in  the  LEA.DEn  Newspaper  :  Five  lines  and  under  .  •  .  0  2  6  Each  additional  line  .  .  .  0  0  6  Half  a  Column  ,  .  .  .  Whole  Column  ta.  Advertisements  reaching  this  Office  on  Friday  Night  will  appear  in  all  editions.  THE  CARLISLE  JOURNAL  (Established  1798)  a  most-  eligible  medium  for  Advertisements  in  th.  Northern  Counties,  in  which  it  chiefly  circulates.  Ita  average  weekly  circulation,  as  shown  by  the  last  parliamen-  tart'  return,  is  3,230  COPIES  WEEKLY;  which  is  nearly  three  times  greater  than  that  of  the  nex  t  newspaper  in  Cumberland,  and  considerably  larger  than  the  united  circulation  of  all  the  other  papers  in  the  county.  SCALE  OF  CHARGES  FOR  ADVERTISRmRHTS.  Lines.  Charge.  Lines.  Charge.  Ito  3  4to  5  ,  ...  ..  ..  7  0  6to  7  Bto  9  10  to  11  12  to  13  ..  ..  3  6  34  to  35  .  9  0  ....  14  to  15  ..  ......  4  0  36  to  37  16  to  17  4  6  38  to  39  ....  .....  10  0  18  to  19  ..........  5  0  40  to  41  20  to  21  ..  ..  .  .  5  6  42  to  43  44  to  45  .  .  ,or  every  additional  two  lines.  ipplication  for  Advertisements  fished  early  every  Friday  morn morn:EL,  :EL, morn:EL,  3,  English-street,  to  whom  must  be  addressed.  22  to  23  .  .  6  0  And  so  on,*adding  sixpence  Estimates  forwarded  on  requiring  frequent  repetition.  The  Carlisle  Journal  is  pub'  ing,  by  Messrs.  J.  and  R.  STE  all  orders  and  advertisements  IMPORTANT  TO  ADVERTISERS  IN  IRELAND.  The  most  widely-circulat  e  d  3-d  ay  j  ournal  in  Ireland.  THE  NORTHERN  WHlG,Published  in  Belfast.  The  latest  Government  stamp  returns  show  than  The  Northern  maintains  a  high  pro-eminence  over  the  entire  provincial  press  of  Ireland,  and  that  only  one  metropolitan  3-day  journal  equals  it  in  circulation.  As  an  Advertising  medium  it  consequently  offers  advantages  which  few  Irish  journals  can  afford.  The  repeal  of  the  Advertisement  duty  has  caused  the  adoption  of  a  new  and  very  much  reduced  sca  l  e  o  f  charges— charges.  . charges.  viz:—  Under  10  lines  (or  75  words)  2s.  Od.  Every  additional  line,  With  a  large  reduction  for  second  and  subsequent  insertions.  Contracts  for  Advertising  by  the  year,  half-year,  and  quarter,  will  be  taken  on  the  lowest  terms  compatible  with  the  extensive  and  valuable  publicity  afforded  by  its  large  and  influential  circulation.  To  London,  Liverpool,  and  Manchester  advertisers  in  particular,  it  offers  especial  advantages,  by  bringing  their  announcements  under  the  notice  of  so  enterprising  and  large  a  section  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  64  The  Northern  contains  the  fullest  and  most  accurate  intelligence  on  all  subjects,  and  a  peculiar  system  of  market  prices  of  every  description  of  produce,  which  will  be  found  of  essential  importance  to  merchants  and  traders.  The  Northern  is  published  every  TUESDAY,  THURSDAY,  and  SATURDAY,  with  a  supplement  on  Saturday,  at  the  office,  6,  Calender-street,  Belfast.  Yearly  subscription,  £2  10s.  ;  half-yearly,  £1  6s.  ,  quarterly,  12s.  6d,,  payable  in  advance.  All  communications  to  be  addressed  to  the  Proprietors,  FRANCIS  D.  FINLAY  and  SON.--Belfast,  September September-1853.  -1853. September-1853.  P1_TB00162 ENLARGEMENT.  OF  THE  TLEEDS  TIMES  ENLARGED;  price  43d.,  or  11  ss.  per  quarter.  Weekly  Circulation  7000  Copies,  dieing  sixfold  the  average  of  provincial  journals.  A  copy  Forwarded  on  receipt  of  five  stamps,  Scale  of  Charges  for  dvertisements  forwarded  Gratis.  ;;W:i  'TO  CORRESPONDENTS.  -  Th4344Bopfiei  C9uritir,  of  yesterday,  apprOpriated,  without  zsin;  iteknoViledgement,  the  ,  important  telegraphic  news  - STYLE=superscript  :rectiveddby  . STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  the'  and  published  exclusively  -intAotti  paper  Of  Tuesday.  They  are  welcome  to  copy  our  notion*  AVoitoliel,  but  we  hope,  in  future,  they  will  have  Ithti:eutittegy  to  ack  - STYLE=superscript  ndwledge  the  source.  linlititvtk4  it  , STYLE=superscript  .  :intended:  rftleingertitin  / STYLE=superscript  must  be  authenticated  '1,4!  thtelnitaqtintl'itddr6sd  'of  the  writer;  not  necessarily  for  -publicallon;lbut  as'a  guarantee  of  his  good  faith.  cannot  tindertake•  to  return  rejected  communications.  All  communications,  Books  - STYLE=superscript  for  Review,  etc.,  to  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  to  the  Editor  must  be  addressed  to  the  Publisher,  CHARLES  IVILLMER,  and  those  from  London  may  be  sent  to  the  care  of  Messrs.  Simpkin,  Marshall,  and  Co.  — STYLE=superscript  filtirtyttn  Jgaittl  (6ititto.  THEATRE  ROYAL.  MISS  FITZPATRICK,  whose  successful  debut  in  Lon London,  don, London,  and  subsequent  tour  in  the  United  States,  have  distin distinguished  guished distinguished  her  as  one  of  the  principal  artistes  in  comedy,  is  engaged  for  NINE  nights  only,  and  will  make  her  fourth  ap appearance,  pearance, appearance,  •in  Liverpool;  -_this  present  TIIURSDA.Y  evening,  December  Bth,  in  •  THE  HONEYMOON.  Juliana,  Miss  Fitzpatrick.  To  conclude  with  THE  FOUR  MOWBRAYS.  t  ,  1111  S  S  CUSHMAN  Will  appear  at  the  Theatre  on  Thursday,  December  15th,  in  the  character  of  ,  ;  s,l  BLANCA.;  ;in  Millman's  Tragedy  of  FAZIO  !  Being  engaged  for•  that  night  only.  :Asitaission  :  Dress  Boxes,  4s.  ;  Upper  Boxes,  3s.  ;  Pit,  25.;  Gallery;  ,;1  :  Doors  open  at  half-past  six.  Performances  commence  at,peven  o'clock  precisely.  !,The  Box  Office  is  open  from  Ten  till  Three  o'clock  daily,  for  securing  Seats  and  taking  Private  boxes,  under  the  d;rection  of  Mr.  T.  Shuttleworth.  Children  in  arms  not  admitted.  •I  .  •  •  .  BOY  AL  AMPHITHEATRE.  •  Siile;  Lessee,  Mr..W.  B.  Copeland,  15,  Great  Charlotte-street.  PABLO  FANQUE  Redpectfnlly  announces  that  ho  has  OPENED  the  above  AMPHITkIEATRE  FOIL  A  LIMITED  SEASON,  with  one  of  the  lar6st  Companies  of  EQUESTRIANS  now  travelling— travellingcomposed  composed travellingcomposed  of  all  Nations—Europe,  Asia,  Africa,  and  America!  An  extensive  stud  of  TRAINED  HORSES  and  PONIES,  PERFORMING  MONKEYS,  DOGS,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  The  Entertainments  are  •  agreeably  diversified  by  those  ISTurvAI.LED  SONS  OF  - STYLE=superscript  MORUS,  Messrs.  Hiornx  BROWN  anctS.  LOCEIIA.RT.  `DOors  open  at  a  quarter  to  seven  o'clock,  and  the  Per Per&amp;Mance  &amp;Mance Per&amp;Mance  to  commence  at  half-past  seven.  `Prices  of  Admission—Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  2s.  6d.;  Pit;  ls.  6d.  ;  Stalls,  ls.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  =  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  2s.  ;  Side  Boxes,  is.  6d.  ;  Pit;  ls.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Second  Price  taken  at  nine  o'clock  to  the  Dress  Circle,  Side  Boxes,  and  Pit  only.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament  Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  This  evening,  December  — STYLE=superscript  Bth,  1853,  will  be  pre presented  sented presented  the  celebrated  Tragedy  (in  three  acts)  entitled  THE  RIVAL  QUEENS  OF  BABYLON.  Alexander  the  Great,  Mr.  George  Walton.  Roxana,  Miss  Marriot.—  Favourite  . STYLE=superscript  Dance;  Mrs.  Appleby.—To  be  followed  by  the  new  Romantic  Drama  entitled  THE  TWO  LIVERS  OF  WALLASEY.  - STYLE=superscript  To  conclude  with  the  popular  Domestic  Drama  of  THE  'EMIGRANT'S  DAUGHTER.  On  Friday  evening,  December  9th,  a  new  Drama  of  powerful  interest,  entitled  WEALTH:  AND  POVERTY  ;  or,  THE  COTTER'S  DAUGHTER.  The  laughable  Farce  of  TWO  EYES  BETWEEN  TWO.  To  conclude  with  the  Seottish  Drama  of  WALLACE.  Wallace,  Nr.  George  Walton.  Marian,  Miss  Marriot.  Doors  open  at  half-past  six,  commence  at  seven.  Admis Admission,  sion, Admission,  Private  Boxes,  2s.  ;  Boxes,  ls.  ;  Pit,  6d.  ;  Gallery,  3d.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  Tuts  DAY  —Morning,  sh.  7m  .  .  ..  Afternoon,  a.  46m.  THURSDAY,  DECEMBER  8,  1853  TELE  generality  of  people  .are  too  apt  to  form  an  opinion  as  to  the,social  condition  of  a  city  or  town,  by  the.  anaOunt  of  commerce  or  manufacture  for  which  it  is  remarkable.'  But  the  philosopher  looks  deeper.  He  is  not  led  away  by  what  he  considers  the_illusiOn  of  outward  prosperity,  but  carries  his  investigations  into  the  heart  of  society.  Although  he  Etii,glit'admit  with  BeitET,  that  the  increase  of  ...,is.  a  great  number  of  citizens  in  prosperity  is  a  neces necessarr  sarr necessarr  element  to  the  security,  and  even  the  existence  of  e'civilised  people  nevertheless  he  forms  his  coOn,sions  on  this  point  more  from  the  social  andi  o  tnoral  condition  of  the  masses  —the  manner  in.v#VC  WO*  laws  are  observed—and  the  character  and  -^ STYLE=superscript  n  - STYLE=superscript  4  of  crime  7  -than  from  the  semblance  grSofV  Success.  •  .We  think  it  was  Dr.  c&lt;  - STYLE=superscript  -alliii  .  :  *(1,  care  not  who  make  the  laws,  (7.,7  -. STYLE=superscript  .iorei'e44---t:  It  :  but  the  making  of  the  people's  (  2,1;  •1  -  4  . STYLE=superscript  .  reference  to  the  social  condition  ‘  \  c  - STYLE=superscript  :,  - STYLE=superscript  i_OCalvieri)  . STYLE=superscript  itc  e STYLE=superscript  444  : STYLE=superscript  ip.  External  prosperity  matters  . STYLE=superscript  oit.tket,  .....**64lify'  'and  . STYLE=superscript  crime  abonnd  to  any  ex ex-4  -4 ex-4  4  ...:  .  ,  ill  ultimately  neutralise  the  other.  -  17  - STYLE=superscript  i  - STYLE=superscript  C  . STYLE=superscript  l  c  - STYLE=superscript  %1  -  •  safeguard  .a  any  people.  Right.  ..  A  si  ,i,  i  •  •  Upon  this  subject  his  lordship  observes  :  Now,  •I  cannot  help  thinking  that  it  is  a  very  bad  state  of  the  law  which  permits  persons  thus  to  prompted  .  even  to  the  commission  of  the  crime  of  murder.  We  know  that  on  many  occasions  it  has  been  plainly  remonstrated  in  courts  of  justice,  that  such  results  have  followed  from  such  premises  ;  and  it  behoves  those  who  have  influence  in  parliament  to  see  whether  they  cannot,  by  a  very  easy  and  simple  arrangement,  put  an  end  to  the  temptation,  and  perhaps,  with  the  temptation,  to  the  crime.  It  is  a  most  simple  alteration  which  could  be  made,  as  it  seems  to  me,  for  the  purpose  of  preventing  this  offence.  Why  it  has  never  been  done,  passes  my  compre 'compre'  hension.  It  seems  to  me  that  this  could  be  done  by  preventing  money  being  given  for  the  purpose  of  burial,  and  by  compelling  the  clubs  to  bury  the-members  themselves.  They  might  supply  all  that  was  necessary  for  the  funeral,  and  by  that  means  there  would  be  no  temptation  to  the  recipient  as  there  would  be  no  profit  at  all.  There  would  be  no  surplus  money  to  be  handed  over  to  the  family;  and,  therefore,  the  temptation  would  be  entirely  taken  away,  if  instead  of  giving  money  in  order  that  the  parents  or  relatives  might  bury,  perhaps  at  a  cheap  rate,  the  persons  who  are  dead,  they  are  compelled  to  furnish,  through  an  undertaker,  the  funeral  requisites,  more  or  less  subject  to  control  according  to  the  subscriptions  which  had  been  paid.  That  seems  me  to  be  an  easy  and  simple  remedy  for  re 're'  moving  the  temptation  to  this  offence  ;  and  I  do  hope  that  I  may  not  speak  in  Prc Prcvention  vention Prcvention  is  better  than  cure.  And  we  do  trust  that  the  sensible  and  practicable  suggestions  thrown  out  by  the,  learned  judge  will  receive  that  prompt  and  serious  attention  which  their  impor importance  tance importance  demands.  The  case  now  for  trial  is,  unhap unhappily,  pily, unhappily,  not  an  isolated  one.  We  can  recall  to  mind,  and  doubtless  will  our  readers,  others  of  a  similar,  or  if  possible  a  more  heinous  character.  Al  though  it  is  not  within  the  power  of  the  ablest  and  wisest  administration  to  prevent  the  commission  of  crime,  still  there  is  much  within  the  province  of  legisla legislators  tors legislators  to  materially  counteract,  if  not  considerably  to  diminish  it.  But  there  is  another  topic  upon  which  it  is  desirable  to  offer  a  few  remarks.  We  allude  to  the  new  and  atrocious  features  which  the  aspects  of  crime  are  assuming  in  this  country.  'Tis  but  a  few  years  ago  since  General  HAYNAU  was  treated  to  a  severe,  and  we  must  say,  however  well-merited,  un unjustifiable  justifiable unjustifiable  castigation,  by  BARCL  A  Y  and  PERKINS'  draymen,  for  having  permitted  or  commanded  the  flagellation  of  the  other  sex  !  And  now  the  abominable  and  unmanly  practice  of  beating,  wounding,  and  even  murdering  women,thas  become  almost  a  confirmed  crime—all  the  more  despicable  and  criminal  from  the  -  fact  of  wives  being  the  miserable  victims  of  their  husbands'  atrocity.  Can  anything  equal  this  degree  of  moral  turpitude  ?  Can  any  spot  of  earth  be  found  in  this  interminable  globe,.  out  of  civilised  and  Christian  England,  where  such  infamous  deeds  are  perpetrated  so  frequently  and  to  so  lamentable  an  extent  ?  We  do  not  believe  it.  The  common  instincts  of  nature,  independent  of  moral  obligations  or  the  stringency  of  human  laws,  one  would  suppose  sufficient  to  deter  from  such  outrageous  criminality.  Among  the  lower  grades  of  animal  existence  we  find  a  degree  of  natural  affection,  which  some  monsters,  called  men,  would  do  well  to  imitate.  .Even  The  poor  wren,  The  most  diminutive  of  birds,  will  fight,  Her  young  ones  in  her  nest,  against  the  But  another  crime,  hitherto  almost  confined  to  one  or  two  continental  countries,  is  taking  root  amongst  us.  We  refer  to  that  of  stabbing—a  most  dastardly,  cowardly,  and  ruffianly  mode  of  attack.  For  the  last  three  years  no  fewer  than  255  persons  have  been  committed  and  tried  for  this  offence,  inclusive  of  17  now  on  the  criminal  calen  der  for  the  County  of  Lancaster.  The  present.  year  witnesses  an  increase  of  58  cases  over  the  past,  and  of  39  over  that  immediately  preceding  it.  In  his  charge  to  the  Grand  Jury,  adverting  to  this  very  circumstance,  the  learned  BARON  observes  .  :—  Among  eighty-three  prisoners,  •  there  are  seven 'seven'  teen  who  are  accused  of  the  offence  of  stabbing  :  and  I  have  been  furnished,  I  am  sorry  to  say  it,  by.parties.  who  have  taken  pains  to  inquire  into  the  matter,  with  very  satisfactory  evidence  to  show  that  this  crime  is  increasing  in  a  mosf  enor 'enor'  mous  extent  in  this  country.  It  is  said  this  is  'un-English  offence.  I  am  sorry  to  say  the  statistical  account  does  not  bear  out  that  boast  of  ours.  Of  the  99  who  have  this  year  been  coin 'coin'  mitted  for  trial  in  this  country,  only  9  have  been  foreigners—the  90  have  been  natives  of  our  own  dominions.  No  therefore,  to  boast  over  the  foreigner  in  that  respect.  It  ceases  to  be  an  un-English  crime—it  becomes  a  very  English  crime  ;  and  one  cannot  help  lamenting  that  it  should  be  so,  These  cases  have  been  evenly  di 'di'  vided.  Of  the  99,  30  belong  to  this  town—they  are  natives  of  it  ;  14  only  are  due  to  all  the  rest  England;  44  to  Ireland;  1  to  Scotland;  1  to  the  Isle  of  Man  ;  and  9  to  foreign  countries  gene.  rally.  What  is  the  cause  of  this  ?  •  Is  it  a  general  fierceness  of  disposition  ?  That  is  a  serious  question  to  be  inquired  into  by  those  who  live  here—clergy,  magistrates,  and  gentry;'  and  I  commend  it  specially  to  their  attention,  that  they  may  do  what  lies  in  their  power,  to  stop  au  evil  which  seems  to  be  so  Here,  then,  is  ample  cause  for  alarm.  With  all  our  boasted  wealth,  commerce,  churches, STYLE=superscript  schools,  national  education,  police,  laws,  prisons,  and  charities,  here  is  a  patent  fact  before  us—that  crime,  of  a  fearful  character  and,  magnitude,  is  increasing  in  our  midst—crime  such  as  we  have  hitherto  been  almost  unacquainted  .with—and  which,  Gon  grant,  may  not  long  abide  with  us  !  Who,  or  what,  is  to  stay  the  evil?  That  is  the  question!  PARLIAMENTARY  REPRESENTATION.—SOUTH  STAFFORD STAFFORDSHIRE.—There  SHIRE.—There STAFFORDSHIRE.—There  was  a  meeting  held  at  Wolverhampton  on  Monday  evening,  in  connection  with  the  representation  of  the  southern  division  of  Staffordshire.  The  meeting  was  one  of  liberals,  and  Mr.  Robert  Scott,  late  M.P.,  for  Wal Walsall,  sall, Walsall,  presided.  It  was  unanimously  resolved  to  nominate  Lord  Paget,  and  the  registry  containing  8354  liberal  voters,  they  expect  to  carry  his  election.  SOUTH  GLOUCESTERSHIRE.—There  was  a  meeting  held  at  Stroud  on  Monday  in  connection  with  this  election.  Nearly  2,000  persons  were  present.  Mr.  S.  S:  Marling  :presided,  and  Mr.  Holland,  the  liberal  candidate  addressed  the  meeting.  A  resolution  to  support  him  was  passed  unani unanimously.  mously. unanimously.  ANTI-CORN  Law  LEAGUE.—The  prize  of  £250  offered  by  the  anti-corn  law  league  for  the  list  essay,  showing  the  results  of  the  repeal  of  the  corn  law  4cl  free  trade  p  o  licy,  upon  the  moral,  the  social,  the  commercial,  and  the  political  interests  of  the  united  kingdom,  has  been  awarded  to  the  Rev.  Mr.  Dunckley,  a  baptist  minister,  at  Salford.  The  second  prize  has  £5O,  been  taken  by  Mr.  James  Grant,  bar barrister,  rister, barrister,  of  London.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.-=This  house  is  at  present  occu occupied  pied occupied  by  the  renowned  Pablo  Fanque,  who  has  with  him  a  splendid  stud,  and  a  talented  company.  In  addition  to  the  equestrian  talent  of  the  establishment,  the  services  of  Mr.  Brown,  the  very  able  clown,  are  secured.  Hs  celebrated  electioneering  speeches  call  dowg  nightly  thunders  of  applause.  The  performances  on  the  whole  are  of  a  very  superior  character,  and  the  attendance  has  been  good.  THE  ASSlZES.—Yesterday  the  grand  jury  fount  true  bills  against  Emanuel  Monterro,  for  the  murder  cf  Richard  Jarvis  Crispin  at  Liverpool  ;  and  against  Thomas  Copeland,  for  the  murder  of  Richard  Sunderland,  a  Liverptol  police policeman.  man. policeman.  The  trial  of  Monterro,  is  fixed  for  this  morui,  before  Mr.  Baron  Alderson.  It  is  not  expected  that  the  atzes  will  terminate  before  the  end  of  the  week.  TAE  PRESTON  STEIKE.—The  operative  spinners'  committee  issued  another  address  yesterday  afternoon,  in  which  they  reiterate  the  principles  on  which  they  began  their  strike,  and  announce  their  determination  to  continue  it.  TLey  say  that  the  short  time  running  is  resorted  to  solely  to  prevent,  if  possible,  subscriptions  for  supporting  them,  and  call  on  their  brethren  to  stand  firm—that  the  contest  at  Preston  is  in  tho  cause  of  all  the  operatives,  and  of  all  the  tradesmen  throughout  the  kingdom.  Loss  OF  THE  MARSHALL  STEAMER.—The  Londonourials  of  Wednesday  contain  a  d  e  p  os  iti  on  f  rom  C  ap  t  a  i  n  Gatgens,  respecting  this  ill-fated  vessel.  The  document,  however,  need  not  be  repeated  in  our  columns,  as  it  does  not  afbrd  any  facts  in  addition  to  those  in  our  columns  on  Monday  morning.  Captain  Gatgens  is  master  of  the  barque  Wool Woolhouse,  house, Woolhouse,  and  there  seems  no  doubt  the  Marshall  foundered  after  a  collision  with  his  ship.  Hopes  were  entertained  that  some  of  the  passengers  of  the  Marshall  might  have  been  picked  up  by  some  of  the  coasters  which  almost  hourly  pass  the  spot  where  the  steamer  went  down,  but  the  time  that  his  intervened  since  her  loss,  without  any  such  gratifying  intel intelligence  ligence intelligence  being  received,  leaves  little  doubt  but  that  the  whole  must  have  perished.  On  reference  to  Lloyd's  register  o!  shipping,  we  find  that  that  ,  steamer  was  an  iron  vessel  of  260  tons,  and  was  built  at  Shields  in  1846,  and  had  recently  undergone  some  repairs  at  that  port.  4.  WEST  DERBY  Nis:mg.—Yesterday  the  usual  periodical  meeting  of  the  board  was  held  at  the  union  house.  Mr.  Harrison  presided.  The  guardians  present  were,  Messrs.  Alpass,  Heyes,  M'Gee,  G.  Harrison,  Abrahams,  Jeffreys,  Mountfold,  Kirkus  P  Roskell  Tattershall,  Rorsfall,  Carter,  Pilkington,  Lunt,-  Metcalf,  and  Craig.  By  the  returns  it  appeared  there  were  667  paupers  in  the  house  ;  during  the  corresponding  week  last  year,  there  were  724.  The  balance  in  the  hands  of  the  treasurer,  was  1,206/.  12s  9d,  and  checks  for  out  door-relief  were  given  for  the  following  sums  :  Allen,  741.;  Olney,  251;  Potts,  851.  ;  and  Lythgoe,  18/.  A  com complaint  plaint complaint  having  been  made  by  the  inspector  of  schools,  relative  to  the  management  of  the  school  connected  with  the  union,  the  subject  was  referred  to  the  visiting  committee,  with  a  request  that  they  would  report  thereon  to  the  next  board.  Mr.  Kirkus  gave  notice  that  he  should  move,  at  the  next  meeting,  that  an  organ  be  erected  in  the  workhouse  chapel  ;  and  by  .  Mr.  Reyes  that  he  should  move  the  appointment  of  a  vaccination  surgeon  to  the  union.  There  being  no  other  business,  the  meeting  sfparated.  THE  SHOEMAKERS  EARLY  CLOSING  MOVEMENT.—Last  night,  a  meeting  of  the  assistants  in  shoe  shops,  at  which  several  of  the  employers  were  also  present,  was  convened  at  the  Roebuck  Inn,  Queen's  square,  for  the  purpose  of.  form forming  ing forming  a  society,  by  which  that  object  would  be  more  speedily  achieved.  Mr.  Turner  was  in  the  chair.  Several  excel excellent  lent excellent  observations  were  made  by  the  speakers,  clearly  show showing  ing showing  the  benefits  that  would  be  derived  to  the  assistants,  without  any  injury  to  the  masters,  by  closing  the  shops  at  eight  o'clock;  and  after  passing  various  resolutions  bearing  on  the  subject,  an  early  closing  society  was  formed,  several  of  the  employers  present,  rendering  their  assistanee,  by  con contributions  tributions contributions  to  carry  out  the  object..  A  vote  of  thanks  was  passed  to  those  masters  who  had  commenced  on  Monday  to  close  their  shops  at  eight  o'clock,  and  a  general  hope  was  experienced  that  the  few  masters  who  still  refused  to  do  so,  would  soon  see  into  the  error  of  their  ways,  and  by  so  doing,  would  confer  a  great,--beon  upon  the  employees.  generally.  THE  BOARD  OP  TRADE  AND  THE  LIVERPOOL  PILOTAGE  SYSTEIL—The  board  of  trade  have  stepped  in  to  inquire  into  the  grounds  of  the  dispute  at  present,  and  for  some  time  past,  existing  between  the  masters  and  men  engaged  in  the  pilot  service  of  the  Mersey.  On  Monday  last,  we  learn,  the  pilots'  committee  were  somewhat  startled  by.  the  receipt  of  an  official  communication  from  the  marine  department  of  that  board,  requiring  information  with  respect  to  the  nature  of  their  ob objections  jections objections  to  the  claims  of  the  men,  a  statement  of  which,  it  appears,  had  been  laid  before  them;  and  upon  the  committee's  reply,  and  the  reasonableness  of  those  objections,  will  pro probably  bably probably  depend  the  important  issue,  whether  the  pilot  service  of  Liverpool  will  in  future  be  subjected  to  the  control  of  the  board  of  trade,  or  its  powers  be  withdrawn  altogether,  and  central  management  es,tablished.  We  foresaw  that  into  such  a  dilemma  as  this  the  committee  would  bring  themselves,  if  they  obstinately  refused  reasonable  concession  to  the  men  and  we  therefore  advised  them  some  weeks  ago,  if  they  had  at  heart  the  real  welfare  of  the  service,  to  put  an  end  to  its  internal  feuds.  They  should  have  known,  from  experience,  that  the  board  of  trade  desired  nothing  more  earnestly  than  an  opportunity  of  justifiable  interference  with  the  body  of  men  under  their  control  ;  and  this  fact  should  have  been  still  more  clear  to  them,  after  they  had  proclaimed  their  deter determination  mination determination  teset  the  pilotage  act  of  last  session  at  defiance,  by  refusing  to  license  the  masters  and  mates  engaged  in  our  coasting  service.  They  chose  to  act,  however,  upon  the  promptings  of  their  own  wisdom,  or  of  other  perhaps  inte interested  rested interested  parties  ;  and  they  must  abide  the  consequences,  unless,  indeed,  there  be  still  time  for  them  to  re-consider  their  course,  and,  ,even  at  this  la  s  t  h  our  ,  re  tr  ace  it.  Of  one  thi  ng  they  may  be  certain—that,  whether  or  not,  the  board  of  trade  possesses  powers  under  the  lately  passed  pilotage  act,  to  carry  out  their  views  fully,  they  can  readily  obtain  such  powers.  They  can  carry  any  new  measure  which  receives  the  sanction  of  the  department  over  which  Mr.  Cardwell  pre presides,  sides, presides,  whatever  amount  of  local  opposition  may  be  directed  against  it.  If,  therefore,  the  committee,  and  the  general  body  of  commissioners,  wish  still  to  retain  the  management  of  the  pilotage  system  of  the  port  in  their  own  hands,  they  should  at  once  take  away,  so  far  as  is  possible,  from  the  board  of  trade  all  apparent  necessity  for  its  present  interference.  Anti  as  one  indueement  for  surrendering  apiniors  upon  the  of  the  claims  made  by  the  men—opinions  which  may  have  been  too  hastily  formed—they  may  safely  urge,  what  must  be  their  conviction,  that  an  inquiry  once  instituted  into  the  present  system  by  government,  may  possibly  be  car carried  ried carried  much  beyond  the  simple  questions  out  of  which  it  origiaated,  .  _  [The  committee  took  the  whole  subject  of  the  railway  and  is  difficulties  into  consideration—the  expenditure  in  making  plant  and  stock—the  value  of  the  whole  at  present,  and  .  going  brough  whatever  has  formed  a  subject  for  discussion  or  !mated  difficulty,  presented  a  seriatim  report  and  decision  on  every  point.  Most  of  those  are  touched  upon  in  the  beech  of  Mr.  Parker.]  The  CHAIRMAN  said  he  presumed  it  would  now  be  for  a  nember  of  the  committee  to  propose  the  adoption  of  the  !sport,  as  .  it  was  their  own  report.  The  Right  Hon.  J.  PARKES,  chairman  of  the  committee  cf  consultation,  said  it  fell  to  his  lot  to  move  the  adoption  cf  the  report  ;  and  the  committee  had  to  ask  for  a  deliberate,  and  calm,  and  business-like  consideration  of  the  important  matters  brought  before  them  therein.  The  fate  of  their  railway  depended,  in  his  judgment,  as  the  committee  had  said  in  their  report,  upon  the  concentrated  energies  of  the  board  ,and  the  shareholders;  and  the  more  they  could  direct,their  energies  into  a  consentaneous  channel  and  act  harmoniously  together,  the  sooner  would  they  have  a  chance  of  being  ex extricaied  tricaied extricaied  from  the  position  in  which  they  had  been  for  some  time.  He  would  undertake  to  say,  that  though  the  subjects  before  the  committee  were  luminous  and  comprehensive,  and  though  gentlemen  entered  upon  their  consideration  with  dif differeit  fereit differeit  opinions,  and  came  from  different  parts  of  the  country,  yet  there  was  a  disposition  on  the  part  of  all  to  adopt  no  coarse  except  that  which  appeared  to  be  for  the  benefit  of  the  proprietors.  He  trusted,  therefore,  that  the  committee  would  have  credit  for  having  :lone  their  best.  The  com committee  mittee committee  had,  in  their  report,  gone  upon  the  principle  of  giv giving  ing giving  the  proprietors  the  truth,  the  whole  truth,  and  nothing  but  the  truth.  As  to  the  financial  portion  of  the  company,  the  committee  had  placed  the  simple  facts  before  the  share shareholders.  holders. shareholders.  Now  he  came  to  what  was  called  the  manage management  ment management  of  the  company  ;'  and  in  reference  to  that  the  com committee  mittee committee  proposed  the  adoption  of  the  method  of  affixing  to  the  ordinary  amount  of  salary,  a  certain  proportion  of  aug augmentation  mentation augmentation  which  would  depend  upon  the  net  receipts—a  plan  which  had  been  successfully  carried  out  at  the  Cale Caledonian  donian Caledonian  line.  (Hear.)  The  committee  had  also  agreed  on  the  appointment  of  a  new  manager,  Mr.  Edward  Watkin.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  was  told  that  ho  brought  with  him  a  very  high  reputation,  and  that  he  was  of  opinion  that  his  efforts  in  the  restoration  of  their  affairs  would  be  more  or  less  successful.  Into  the  state  of  the  board  of  directors  he  would  not  go  at  present,  inasmuch  as  he  understood  that  some  gentlemen,  who  were  unable  to  give  up  sufficient  time  to  it,  were  about  to  retire,  and  that  other  members  would  retire  by  rotation  at  the  next  half-yearly  meeting.  And,  in  the  meantime,  some  satisfactory  arrangement,  as  to  the  construction  of  the  board,  might  be  come  to.  He  came  now  to  alliances,  and  the'course  of  policy  which  the  company  should  pursue  in  respect  to  them—a  subject,  the  full  importance  of  which  the  committee  have  felt,  because  on  the  alliances  formed  depended,  in  a  great  measure,  the  prosperity  of  the  com company.  pany. company.  (Hear,  hear.)  There  were  only  two  alliances  open  and  before  the  shareholders.  He  would  remind  them  that  they  had  an  agreement  now  existing,  and  if  they  had  such  an  agreement,  probably  that  would  be  ,a  ground  for  their  considering  whether  they  should  lean  to  the  London  and  North-Western  or  the  Great  Northern  as  an  ally,  There  was  an  agreement  in  existence,  and  he  thought  they  should  postpone  their  decision  on  the  subject  of  alliances  until  the  agreement  'existin  had  drawn  to  a  termination,  and,  in  the  meantime,  they  might  endeavour,  if  they  could,  to  improve  and  amend  it.  He  said  when  they  had  an  agreement  they  should  keep  it,  whether  the  agreement  was  right  or  wrong  was  another  matter,  but  the  events  would  show.  And  when  they  had  kept  the  present  agreement,  they  would  have  a  clear  stage  before  them  to  take  what  course  they  pleased  respecting  the  proposed  alliances.  (Hear,  hear.)  At  pre present  sent present  they  had  an  alliance  with  the  London  and  North-  Western,  and  there  were  propositions  from  the  Great  Northern.  The  proposition  on  the  part  of  the  Great  Northern  was  one  for  a  fair  interchange  of  traffic.  The  great  object  of  the  Great  Northern  was  to  get  their  traffic  to  Manchester  ;  it  was  the  most  natural  scheme  they  could  propose,  and  they  wanted  to  have  the  use  of  the  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire  line  to  have  the  run  up  to  Man Manchester.  chester. Manchester.  And  what  was  got,  the  Great  Northern  got  ;  but  what  was  lost,  the  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire  lost.  From  the  moment  the  Great  Northern  passed  Retford,  the  London  and  North-Western,  seeing  the  Great  Northern,  and  the  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire  companies  in  alliance  against  them,  why,  what  will  the  London  and  North  Western  do  ?  They  would  im immediately  mediately immediately  attack  the  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincoln Lincolnshire  shire Lincolnshire  in  every  way  they  could.  It  was  the  interest  of  the  company  to  avoid  conflicts  '  •  but  he  was  sure  there  would  be  conflicts  if  they  adopted  an  alliance  with  the  Great  Northern.  He  hoped  the  new  system  of  paying  the  superior  officers  would  lead  to  a  diminution  of  the  working  expenses.  As  to  the  coal  branches,  they  bad  hitherto  been  unsuccessful,  but  there  was  a  very  fair  prospect  of  a  different  result  I  takin&amp;  place.  The  committee  had  gladly  proposed  that  ar arbitration  bitration arbitration  be  offered  to  all  parties  having  disputes  with  the  company.  Then  as  to  the  Humber  ferries  suit=  the  com committee  mittee committee  had  agreed  that  the  sooner  the  company  got  quit  of  that  concern  the  better.  Therefore  the  committee  proposed  that  the  directory  be  authorised  •to  •  bring  the  proceedings  to  a  close  ;  if  they  could  do  so.  .Then  as  to  preferential  arrears,  there  were  £280,000  of  such  arrears;  and  the  committee  were  bound  to  say  that  this  was  a  subject  which  sooner  or  later  ought  to  press  itself  on  the  consideration  of  the  com company.  pany. company.  But  they  proposed  no  plan,  thinking  that  that  might  be  done  much  better  hereafter.  The  right  hon.  gentleman  proposed  the  adoption  of  the  report.  Mr.  W.  FENTON  seconded  the  resolution.  •  After  a  somewhat  lengthened  conversation  the  motion  was  carried  all  but  unanimously,  there  being  only  one  dissentient.  Mr.  Edward  Watkin's  engagement  is  for  five  years,  at  £1,200,  with  a  small  per  tentage  on  increase  of  means  to  the.  company.  It  was  stated  on  the  part  of  both  the  directors  and  the  committee  of  cousultation,  that  there  was  no  intention  to  compromise  the  interests  of  the  holders  of  6  per  cent.  pre preferential  ferential preferential  stock.  _  _  The  Right  Hon.  J.  PARKER  moved  a  resolutionto  the  effect  that  the  directors  be  authorised  to  make  terms  with  the  de defendants  fendants defendants  in  the  Humber  ferries  suit,  with  a  view  to  the  final  abandonment  thereof.  Mr.  RonEwrs  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  almost  unanimously,  there  being  but  two  dissentients,  who  were  of  opinion  that  it  would  better  to  postpone  the  matter  to  the  next,  half  yearly  meeting.  After  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  noble  chairman,  the  meeting  separated.  THE  POLICE.-DETECTIVISII.  7-••T9-  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sir,—lt  was  with  the  greatest  pleasure  that  I  perused  your  leading  commentaries,  in  this  morning's  paper,  on  the  recent  police  transactions  in  the  case  of  the  Messrs.  Riley.  The  case  was  'so  fully  reported  as  to  convince  anybody  that  the  famed  detective  policy  of  the  police  force  is  anything  at  all  approaching  to  that  wary,  cautious,  and  prudent  course,  which  should  characterise  the  movements  of  those  who  are  entrusted  with  such  a  peculiar  mission..  The  utter  ignorance,  and  palpable  stupidity  manifested  in  the  recent  proceedings,  ought  not  to  be  suffered  to  pass  without  reprehension  from  the  proper  authorities,  and  it  is  to  be  hoped.  that  the  affair  will.  be  brought  under  the  notice  .of  those  functionaries  whose  duty  it  is  to  administer  the  law  in  its  integrity..  This  system  of  wanton  and  bungling  espionage,  has  been,  and  still  is  proceeding  to  a  very  great  extent.;  for  not  only  do  the  police  officers  in  innumerable  cases  exercise  the  most  tyranical  and  illegal  authority,  and  that,  too,  very  evidently  with  the  knowledge  of  their  superiors,  ..that  it  is  high  time  public  opinion  should  be  expressed  upon  this  very  important  subject.  •  In  these  few  remarks,  I  do  not  wish  to  include  all  the  members  of  our  police  force,  for  I  know  there  are  numbers  of  good,  useful,  and  highly  efficient  officers,  in  whom  caution,  intelligence,.and  firmness  are  combined  ;  but  I  .do  say  there  are  many  who  do  not  know  their  duty  as  conservators  of  the  peace,  and  therefore  ought  not  to  be  entrusted  with  any  controul  over  the  actions  of  their  fellow-men,  and  who  often  ought  to  be  made  to  change  places  with  the  unfortunate  being  in  the  dock.  Let  us  hope,  sir,  that  since  you  have  so  ably  taken  up  the  subject,  you  will  continue  to  do  so.  Your  advent  has  been  hailed  with  good  feelings  on  the  part  of  those  who  plainly  see  that  unlessthe  powerful  weight  of  a  free  press  be  brought  to  bear  on  the  mal-practices  of  official  functionaries,  the  evil  will  extend,  and  we,  the  common  public,  must  grin  and  bear  am,  sir,  &amp;c.,  December  7.  BELFAST  CHAMBER  OF  COMMERCE,  SATURDAY,  DEC.  3.  A  memorial  to  the  Board  of  Trade,  in  conjunction  with  the  other  chambers  of  commerce  and  agricultural  boards,  was  adopted,  praying  that  her  majesty  '  s  gover  n  men  t  wou  ld  en endeavour,  deavour, endeavour,  by  a  friendly  negotiation,  to  convince  the  Peruvian  government  that  it  would  be  for  their  interest  to  throw  open  the  trade,  and  permit  all  nations  to  buy  guano  from  them  direct,  without  the  intervention  , STYLE=superscript  of  any  agents  in  this  coun country.  try. country.  The  irregularity  of  the  arrival  of  the  Liverpool  mail  at  Liverpool,  via  Fleetwood,  after  some  discussion  was  again  referred  to  the  postal  committec,—lforthern  Lewis  Meyers  has  been  fully  committed  for  the  robbery  at  Leighton  Buzzard.  Mr.  Robert  Francis  Webb,  a  person  of  great  wealth,  residing  at  Clarence-street,  Islington,  London,  has  been  held  to  bail  for  beating  his  wife  with  a  red-hot  poker  LINEN  YARN.—The  value  of  linen  yarn  exported  was  in  the  first  ten  months  of  this  year  £979,454.  Last  year  it  the  same  period  it  was  £935,051.  Tns  VALUE  Or  STOCKINGS  EXPORTED.—It  is  shown  by  a  return  just  issued  that,  in  the  first  ten  months  of  the  present  year,  of  British  manufacture  there  were  1,119,632  dozeri  pairs  of  stockings  exported,  the  value  of  which  was  £287,835.  In  the  like  period  of  last  year  the  value  was  only  £182,556..  EPISCOPAL  ACCIDENT.-4:111  Friday  evening  .  last,  as  the  Bishops  of  Natal  and  Graham's  Town  were  proceeiling  to  Cuddesden  Palace,  to  meet  a  party  at  the  Bishop  of  Oxford's,  the  carriage  was  upset  near  Wheatley,  and  the  right  rev.  brethren  were  extricated  from  their  perilous  'situation  by  being  helped  out  through  the  window.  FRENCH  POLICE  AND  FRENCH  MILITAItY.-21.  fracas  has  just  occurred  at  Calais.  A  young  .  officer  conversin  g  in  the  theatre  was  ordered  by  the  eommissiary  t  o  desi  s  t.  He  as assented,  sented, assented,  but  soon  recommenced,  and  being  spoken  to  a  second  time  most  peremptorily  refused.  The  result  was  that  the  commissiary  was  about  to  take  him  into  custody  when  he  threatened  to  draw  his  sword.  A  fracas  ensued,  but  no  blows  were  given,  and  the  police  desisted,  but  both  parties  complained  to  head-quarters..  INQUESTS.—Yesterday,  the  coroner  was  engaged  in  hold holding  ing holding  inquests  on  the  bodies  of  the  following  persons,  who  had  died  on  the  previous  day,  under  the  following  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  :—Mary  Small,  a  child,  five  years  of  age,  whose  clothes  caught  fire,  and  she  died  from  the  injuries  she  had  sustained.—Bernard  Dougherty,  a  labourer,  who  died  sud suddenly,  denly, suddenly,  after  taking  tea,  from  natural  causes.  —James  Bewley,  a  joiner,  who,  while  in  a  state  of  intoxication,  leaped  from  the  Prince's  dock  into  a  boat,  by  which  he  received  a  severe  wound  on  the  head,  and  died  soon  after,  being  admitted  to  the  Northern  Hospital.  Verdict  accordingly.—  James  Dob Dobson,  son, Dobson,  who  (lied  suddenly  from  natural  causes.—John  Cooper,  who  died  from  having  ruptured  an  artery  neea  the  heart.—  And  Margaret  Gore,  a  servant  to  Mr.  Spencer,  who  died,  after  taking  luncheon,  previously,  apparently,  having  been  in  good  health.  ACClDENTS.—Yesterday,  the  following  persons  were  ad admitted  mitted admitted  inmates  of  the  Northern  Hospital,  where  they  are  at  present  under  surgical  attendance:—James  M'Grath,  who,  while  engaged  on  board  the  ship  received  a  severe  wound  in  the  face,  by  which  it  is  expected  he  will  lose  his  sight.—William  Atherton,  who  fell  into  the  hold  of  the  ship  by  which  his  leg  and  .  jaw  were  both  broken,  besides  receiving  other  severe  injuries.—  Thomas  Jolly,  who  fell  into  a  cellar  in  Lowe-lane,  and  re received  ceived received  a  contusion  of  the  spine.—William  Cochrane,  who  fell  into  the  hold  of  the  ship  lying  in  Bramley-Moore  dock,  and  received  a  severe  contusion  in  the  back.—And  Philip  Rowden  who  had  injured  his  ankle  and  leg,  by  falling  into  the  hold  of  the  ship  SUICIDE  OF  A  YOUNG•  FEMALE.—A  melancholy  and  disastrous  occurrence,  calculated  to  give  rise  to  most  painful  feelings,  occurred  on  board  the  steamer,  during  the  passage,  on  Friday  night,  from  Glasgow  to  this  port.  From  the  account  of  the  occurrence  which  has  reached  us,  it  appears  that  a  person  who  has  attained  some  notoriety  for  keeping  a  house  of  an  abandoned  character  in  Queen-street,  engaged  passages,  from  Glasgow,  'for  six  or  seven  unfortu unfortunate  nate unfortunate  young  females  on  the  occasion  referred  to.  During  the  course  of  the  voyage,  the  party  indulged  rather  freely  in  wine,  and  their  conductor,  perhaps  apprehending  that  some  accident  might  occur,  succeeded  in  inducing  them  all  to  retire  for  'the  night,  with  the  exception  of  one  of  the  females,  named  Elizabeth  Nixon,  belonging,  it  is  said,  to  Holywood.  She  had  been  in  the  cabin  saloon  for  some  time,•  and  in  consequence,  it  would  seem,  of  repeated  re requests  quests requests  that  she  should  go  to  rest  like  her  companions,  she  went  on  deck  between  eleven  and  twelve  o'clock,  while  the  vessel-was  off  Ailsa  Craig.  She  was  followed  on  deck  by*  the  female  who  had  the  party  in  charge,  and  while  the  latter  was  requestingcr  the  intervention  of  an  American  gen gentleman  tleman gentleman  who  was  on  ° STYLE=superscript  deck,  in  order  to  induce  her  to,  go  beloW,  she  suddenly  caught  hold  of  a  portion  of  the  rigging  at  that  part  of  the  vessel,  and  flung  herself  overboard  into  the  sea.  The  vessel,  at  the  time,  was  going  at  full  speed,  and  all  exertions  to.  rescue  the  unfortunate  creature,  who  thus  met  an  untimely  and  premature  end,  were  entirely  fruitless.—Northern  Whig.  REPREHENSIBLE  CONDUCT  OF  A  SHIP-MASTER.—WO  have  been  informed,  by  a  highly  respectable  commander  of  a  Clyde-built  brig,  of  a  proceeding  which,  in  our  opinion,  is  not  only  very  reprehensible,  but  is  such  as  to  call  for  the  expression  of  the  strongest  terms  of  censure  and  disap disapprobation.  probation. disapprobation.  Our  informant  reached  the  English  channel  on  the  25th  ult.,  after  a  rough  and  tempestuous  voyage  from  Paraiba.  The  weather  was  thick  and  heavy,  and  he  had  reason  to  imagine  that  he  might  be  in  error  as  to  his  position.  He'  had  been  unable,  from  the  density  of  the  fog,  to  obtain  an  Observation,  and  his  soundings  did  not  agree  with  his  computed  latitude.  Ho  had  a  fair  wind,  with  which,  in  clear  weather,  he  could  easily  have  reached  Liverpool,  his  destined  port,  on  that  evening.  Believing  that  he  might  be  mistaken  as  to  his  latitude,  he  did  not  risk  proceeding  up  the  channel;  but,  observing  through  the  haze  a  ship,  appa apparently  rently apparently  outward  bound,  he  determined,  for  his  own  safety,  and  for  the  safety  of  his  crew,  ship,  and  cargo,  to  obtain,  if  possible,  from  the  master  of  that  vessel,  information  as  to  his  whereabouts.  He  hove  his  ship  to,  and  upon  a  black  board  exhibited  his  latitude  and  longitude,  written  in  chalk.  The  master  of  the  outward  bound  vessel  must  have  seen  it,  for  so  closely  did  our  informant  come  to  the  stern  of  that  ship  that  he  was  able  to  distinguish  her  name.  He  spoke  the  ship,  but  received  no  answer;  and,  after  hanging  by  her  for  some  hours,  he  determined  to  beat  about  till  he  could  make  himself  sure  of  his  position,  without  having  received,  what  the  commander  of  the  outward  bound  vessel  must  have  been  perfectly  able  to  give,  namely,  a  knowledge  of  his  latitude  and  longitude.  Had  our  informant  received  the  information  he  so  much  desired,  he  would,  as  we  have  said,  have  reached  Liverpool  on  Friday  the  25th,  but  because  of  the  incivility  (to  give  his  conduct  the  most  courteous  term  possible)  of  the  outward  bound  captain,  lie  did  not  reach  that  port,  until  late  on  Satnrday.  It  will  be  admitted  that  such  condnet  as  this  is  despicable  in  the  extreme,  and  it  would  be  well  that  the  energetic  representatives  of  Lloyd's  make  an  inquiry  into  the  matter,  when  a  fitting  01,1  - STYLE=superscript  ;  occurs.  We  are  in  possession  of  the  name  of  ti,  .  *Va'd  bound  ship,  but  refrain  from  giving  it  at  pres  unfit  British  Mail."
