text
"So  clear  was  this  understanding  on  the  part  of  the  United  States,  that,  in  correspondence  contemporaneous  with  the  ratification  of  the  convention,  it  was  distinctly  expressed,  that  the  mutual  covenants  of  non-occupation  were  not  intended  to  apply  to  the  British  establishment  at  the  Balize.  This  qualification  is  to  be  ascribed  to  the  fact  that  in  virtue  of  successive  treaties  with  previous  sovereigns  of  the  country  Great  Britain  had  obtained  a  concession  of  the  right  to  cut  mahogany  or  dye  woods  at  the  Belize,  but  with  positive  exclusion  of  all  domain  or  sovereignty  ;  and  thus  it  confirms  the  natural  construction  and  understood  import  of  the  treaty  as  to  all  the  rest  of  the  regions  to  which  the  stipulations  applied.  It,  however,  became  apparent,  at  an  early  day  after  entering  upon  the  discharge  of  my  present  functions,  that  Great  Britain  still  continued  in  the  exercise,  or  assertion,  of  large  authority  in  all  that  part  of  Central  America  commonly  called  the  Mosquito  coast,  and  covering'  the  entire  length  of  the  State  of  Nicaragua  and  a  part  of  Josta  Riea;  that  she  regarded  the  Balize  as  her  absolute  domain,  and  was  gradually  extending  its  limits  at  the  expense  of  the  State  of  Honduras  ;  and  that  she  had  for formally  mally formally  colonized  a  considerable  insular  group  known  as  the  Bay  Islands,  and  belonging,  of  right,  to  that  State.  All  these  acts  or  pretensions  of  Great  Britain  being  contrary  to  the  rights  of  the  States  of  Central  America  and  to  the  manifest  tenor  of  her  stipulations  with  the  United  States,  as  understood  by  this  government,  have  been  made  the  subject  of  negotiation  through  the  Amer American  ican American  Minister  in  London.  I  transmit  herewith  the  instruc instructions  tions instructions  to  him  on  the  subject,  and  the  correspondence  between  him  and  the  British  Secretary  for  Foreign  Aff  tirs,  by  which  you  will  perceive  that  the  two  govern governments  ments governments  differ  widely  and  irreconcileably  as  to  the  con construction  struction construction  of  the  convention,  and  its  effect  on  their  respec respective  tive respective  relations  to  Central  America.  Great  Britain  so  construes  the  convention  as  to  main maintain  tain maintain  unchanged  all  her  previous  pretensions  over  the  Mos Mosquito  quito Mosquito  coast,  and  in  different  parts  of  Central  America.  These  pretensions,  as  to  the  Mosquito  •  oast,  are  founded  nn  the  assumption  of  - STYLE=superscript  political  relation  between  Great  Britain  and  the  remnant  of  a  tribe  of  Indians  on  that  coast,  entered  into  at  a  time  while  the  whole  country  was  a  colonial  possession  of  Spain.  It  cannot  be  successfully  controverted,  that  by  the  public  law  of  Eu-ope  and  Ame America,  rica, America,  no  possible  act  of  such  Indians  or  their  predecessors  could  confer  on  Great  Britain  any  political  rights.  Great  Britain  does  not  allege  the  assent  of  Spain  as  the  origin  of  her  claims  on  the  Mosquito  coast.  She  has,  on  the  contrary,  by  repeated  and  successive  treaties,  re renounced  nounced renounced  and  relinquished  all  pretensions  of  her  own,  ,nd  recognised  the  full  and  sovereign  rights  of  Spain  in  the  most  unequivocal  terms.  Yet  these  pretensions  so  with without  out without  solid  foundation  in  the  beginning,  and  thus  repeatedly  abjured,  were  at  a  recent  period  revived  by  Great  Britain  against  the  Central  American  States,  the  legitimate  suc sucors  ors sucors  to  all  the  ancient  juris  llci  ion  of  Spain  in  that  They  were  first  applied  only  to  a  defined  part  of  the  coast  of  Nicaragua,  afterwards  to  the  whole  of  its  Atlantic  coast,  and,  lastly,  to  a  part  of  the  whole  coast  of  Costa  Rica;  and  they  are  now  reasserted  to  this  extent,  notwithstanding  engagements  to  the  United  States.  On  the  eastern  coast  of  Nicaragua  and  Costa  Rica  the  interference  of  Great  Britain,  though  exerted  at  one  time  in  the  form  of  military  occupation  of  the  port  of  San  Juan  del  Norte,  then  in  the  peaceful  possession  of  the  appropriate  authorities  of  the  Central  American  States,  is  now  presented  by  her  as  the  rightful  exercise  of  a  pro protectorship  tectorship protectorship  over  the  Mosquito  tribe  of  Indians.  But  the  establishment  at  the  Baize,  now  reaching  far  beyond  its  treaty  limits  into  the  State  of  Honduras,  and  that  of  the  Bay  Islands,  appertaining  of  right  to  the  same  state,  are  as  distinctly  colonial  governments  as  those  of  Jamaica  and  C  made,  and  therefore  contrary  to  the  very  letter  as  well  as  the  spirit  of  the  convention  with  the  United  States,  as  it  was  at  the  time  of  ratifica ratification.  tion. ratification.  and  now  is,  understood  by  this  government.  The  interpretation  which  the  British  government,  thus  region  in  assPrtiodand  act,  persists  in  ascribine  to  the  ennven-  tion,entirety  changes  its  character.  While  it  hold  us  to  all  our  obligations,  it  in  a  great  measure  releases  Great  Britain  from  those  which  constituted  the  consi  ieration  of  this  government  for  entering  into  the  convention.  It  is  impossible,  in  my  judgment,  for  the  United  States  to  acquiesce  in  such  a  construction  of  the  respective  rela relations  tions relations  of  the  two  governments  to  Central  America.  To  a  renewed  call  by  this  government  upon  Great  Britain,  to  abide  by,  and  carry  into  effect,  the  stipula stipulations  tions stipulations  of  the  convention  according  to  its  obvious  import,  by  withdrawing  from  the  possession  or  colonization  of  portions  of  the  Central  American  States  of  Honduras,  Nicaragua,_and  Costa  Rica,  the  British  government  has  at  length  replied,  affirming  that  the  operation  of  the  treaty  __.  .  is  prospective  only,  and  did  not  require  Great  Britain  to  abandon  or  contract  any  possessions  held  by  her  in  Cen Central  tral Central  America  at  the  date  of  its  conclusion.  This  reply  substitutes  a  partial  issue,  in  place  of  the  general  one  presented  by  the  United  States.  The  British  -  government  passes  over  the  question  of  the  rights  of  Great  Britain,  real  or  supposed;  in  Central  America,  and  assumes  that  she  hail  such  rights  at  the  date  of  the  treaty,  and  that  those  rights  comprehended  the  protectorship  of  the  Mosquito  Indians,  the  extended  jurisdiction  and  limits'of  the  Belize,  and  the  colony  of  the  Bay  Islands,  and  thereupon  proceeeds  by  implication  to  infer  that,  it  the  stipulations  ofthe  treaty  be  merely  future  in  effect.  Great  Britain  may  still  continue  to  hold  the  contested  portions  of  Central  America.  The  United  States  cannot  admit  either  the  inference,  or  the  premises.  We  steadily  deny  that,  at  the  date  of  the  treaty,  Great  Britain  had  any  possessions  there,  other  than  the  - STYLE=superscript  limited  and  peculiar  establishment  at  the  Balize,  and  maintain  that,  if  she  had  any,  they  were  surrendered  by  the  convention.  This  government  recognising  the  obligations  of  the  treaty,  has  of  course  decided  to  see  it  executed  in  good  faith  by  both  parties;  and  in  the  discussion,  therefore,  has  not  looked  to  rights,  which  we  might  assert,  independently  , STYLE=superscript  of  the  treaty,  in  consideration  of  our  geographical  posi position,  tion, position,  and  of  other  circumstances,  which  create  for  us  rela relations  tions relations  to  the  Central  American  States  different  from  those  of  any  government  of  Europe.  The  British  government.  in  its  last  communication,  althongh  well  knowing  the  views  of  the  United  States,  still  declares  that,  it  sees  no  reason  why  a  conciliatory  spirit  may  not  enable  the  two  gov.-rnments  to  overcome  all  obstacles  to  a  satisfactory  adjustment  of  the  subject.  Assured  of  the  correctness  of  the  construction  of  the  treaty  constantly  adhered  to  by  this  government,'  and  resolved  to  ieqist  on  the  rights  of  the  United  States,  yet  actuated  also  by  the  same  desire  which  is  avowed  by  the  British  government,  to  remove  all  causes  of  serious  mis misunderstanding  understanding misunderstanding  between  two  nations  associated  by  so  many  ties  of  interest  and  kindred,  it  has  appeared  to  me  prop  r  not  to  ceusider  an  amicable  solution  of  the  controversy  hopeless.  •  There  is,  however,  reason  to  apprehend  that,  with  Great  Britain  in  the  actual  occupation  of  the  disputed  territories,  and  the  treaty  therefore  practically  null.  so  far  as  regards  our  rights,,  this  international  difficulty  cannot  long  remain  undetermined  without  involving  in  serious  danger  the  friendly  relations  , STYLE=superscript  which  it  is  the  interest,  as  well  as  the  duty,  of  both  countries  to  cherish  and  preserve.  It  will  afford  me  sincere  gratificatio  n  ,  if  future  efforts  shall  r  -suit  in  the  success  anticipated  here heretofore  tofore heretofore  with  more  confidence  than  the  aspect  of  thE  permits  me  tkow  to  entertain  e  case  FNGLIS4  $P  RUTT~fEN~  of  the  att  empt  e  th STYLE=superscript  is  e STYLE=superscript  e  tl STYLE=superscript  ng  n STYLE=superscript  a  l STYLE=superscript  g  te STYLE=superscript  e  a STYLE=superscript  d  betWgehih  snh  which  Stats  e  the  e  d  G  r  eat  exigencies  o  i  Britain  i  t  n  h  hase  war  grown  in  sv  u STYLE=superscript  e  t  One  other  subleCl(;FicsTuS  . STYLE=superscript  siOti  with  Russia  induced  her  to  make,  to  draw  recruits  from  the  Milted  States.  It  is  the  traditional  and  settled  policy  of  the  United  States  to  maintain  impartial  neutrality  during  the  wars  which,  from  time  to  time,  occur  among  the  great  powers  of  the  world.  'Performing  all  the  duties  of  neutrality  to towards  wards towards  the  respective  belligerent  States,  we  may  reason reasonalai??  alai?? reasonalai??  eltpect  them  not  to  interfere  with  our  lawful  enjoy enjoyment  ment enjoyment  of  its  benefits.  Notwithstanding  the  existence  of  such  hostilities,  our  citizens  retain  the  indiyidual  right  to  continue  all  their  accustomed  puisuits,  by  law  4  or  l  7  spas"
