text
"LIVERPOOL  ART-UNION  The  annual  grand  drawing,  in  connection  with  the  Liverpool  Art-Union,  took  place  at  the  Exhibition  Rooms,  Old  Post-office-place,  yesterday.  In  the  absence  of  the  Mayor,  Mr.  J.  C.  Ewart,  M.P.,  was  called  on  to  preside.  The  Chairman  expressed  his  regret  that  the  Mayor  was  unable  to  be  present  in  consequence  of  the  sitting  of  the  council  that  day.  Ile  congratulated  the  society  upon  the  fact  that  the  year's  exhibition  has  been  a  very  successful  one,  although  he  expressed  a  doubt  whether,  in  general,  Liverpool  was  not  in:  this  respect  behind  many  other  places.  The  following  report  was  read:—  REPORT,  The  Art-Union  of  last  year  having  declined  to  the  lowest  sum  ever  collected  in  Liverpool,  there  appeared  every  proba probability  bility probability  of,  this  useful  mode  of  encouraging  the  arts  being  altogether  abandoned  as  far  as  regards  our  local  society.  It  was  determined,  however,  to  try  if  a  more  extended  patronage  could  be  obtained,  being  confident  there  was  sufficient  spirit,  and  love  of  the  arts,  in  Liverpool  and  the  neighbourhood,  to  keep  up  a  good  local  Art-Union,  if  properly  and  judiciously  mana  zed.  Accordingly,  lett  outh  Line  were  sent  to  nearly  all  the  nobility  id  Cheshire,  to  a  number  :of  Liver-  nearly  all  the  !rely  to  become  agents  in  1  towns  in  the  north  of  England,  south  kc.  The  answers  to  these  applications  ;petted,  very  :various,  hut  the  prepon preponvourable  vourable preponvourable  side;  and  the  society,  as  now  'O,  as  n  derange  was  on  t  ents  the  very  impos  g  giamm  seen  its  circular  This  enlarzed  est  tsion  of  its  influence  could  not  be  realised  'clonal  expense,  buy.  than  it  did  when  reconstructed,  foul  years  - STYLE=superscript  ago,  on  a  much  smaller  basis  than  it  is  at  present.  No  society  of  this  kind  that  is  known  costs  less  in  its  management;  or  returns  so  great  an  amount  of  the  money  subscribed  in  pictures  to  the  shareholders.  about  some  amounts  to  - STYLE=superscript  no  more  the  whole  expenditure  The  subject  of  agents  in  distant  towns  will  have  to  be  well  considered  by  a  future  committee,  as  they  have  been  a  great  expense  with  very  little  return.  The  committee  are  still  deter determined  mined determined  not  to  spend  the  money  of  the  subscribers  in  prints,  as  it  so  materially  diminishes  their-  chances  of  obtaining  a  picture,  which  is  considered  their  chief  object.  They  at  the  same  time  return  their  thanks  to  Mr.  Palmer  for  his  very  liberal  donation  of  eighty  prints  of  Wilkie's  Blind  Man's  which  will  be  given  to  the  first  eighty  blanks,  the  first  name  drawn  to  have  the  framed  one.  The  expenses  have  been  aslollows  :  •  -  Expenses  of  management,  which  in.  elude  postage,  paper,  incidental  ex expenses,  penses, expenses,  stage,  &amp;c.,  .....  -  Printing  ..  Advertising  Secretary  ...  Commission  to  Collectors,  &amp;c~  Total  expenses  ,  .  £3G  5  9  The  sum  left  in  the  hands  of  the  Treasurer  is  £50.5,  which  has  been  allotted  in  prizes  as  follows  :—One  of  £5O  ;  one  of  £4O  ;  two  of  £3O;  two  of  £25;  five  of  £2O;  fivo  of  £l5;  nine  of  10  ;  and  eight  of  £5.  The  Committee  are  desirous  of  announcing  that  they  intend  to  alter  their  plan  of  operation,  by  commencing  the  next  year's  Art-Union  immediately  after  the  closo  of  the  present,  and  by  having  the  drawing  over  before  the  exhibition  opens,  they  will  thus  enable  the  prize.holder  to  come  into  the  exhibition  on  the  first  day  of  the  private  view,  and  select  his  picture  when  the  full  choice  of  the  exhibition  is  before  him.  The  drawing  then  commenced  ;.two  of  the  131ns-coat  boys,  as  usual,  drawing  the  names  and  the  prizes,  which  occupied  about  en  hour.  The  following  is  a  list  of  the  PRIZES  C.  Atkinson,  Lark  lane,  Toxteth  park  Miss  Broom,  Lord  street  Miss  Maclntire,  20,  Duke  . STYLE=superscript  street  .  Mr.  Tamplin,  West  Derby  ...  James  Jones,  35,  Chapel  street  Henry  Heap,  Mathew  street  John  Rivencroft,  John  Pilkington,  Water  street  A.  Bayley,  Blackstock  street  John  Crossley,  Tue  Brook  •  L.  B.  Fox,  53,  Castle  street  Walter  Hay,  Salop  ,  .  Miss  Winstanley,  9,  Dean  street  Thomas  Middleton,  102,  C  , STYLE=superscript  atham  street..  D.  Currie,  Abercromby  square..  Mrs.  It.  Y.  Yates,  Dingle  J.  Whittaker,  Lancaster  buildings  George  Nickson,  16,  Canterbury  street  Mr.  Tamplin,  West  Derby  .  £5O  riingsdale  Lodge,  Birkenhead  Mrs—  R.  Y.  Yates,  Dingle  Mrs.  R.  Rathbone,  Woodeote....,  John  Pilkington,  Water  street...  .  ..  Joseph  Breth  er  t  on  ,  10,  G  renv  ill  e  street  „  Thomas  Green,  Wellesley  terrace,  Prince's  park  Joseph  C.  Ewart,  M.P.,  New  Btighton  Thomas  Blackburne,  Liver  chambers  Ideates,  Greenfield  Hall,  Holywell  John  Pilkington,  Water  street  John  Lamb,  Ilk  Liss  Lucy  , STYLE=superscript  Shuttleworth.  Mount  pleasant  -nli  Leather,  Exchange  buildings..  '  Earl,  Lancaster  buildings  ''ver,  Lord  street  'hanks  to  the  el-  ❑yton,  near  Presco  A.  vote  c  Ilardirnan  ••  •  5"
