text
"EXTRAORDINARY  IMPOSITION  AND  CREDULITY  IN  THE  19TH  CENTURY.  William.  Mills,  who  has  for  some  time  carried  on  a  most  lucrative  business,  at  No.  2,  Conway-street,  was  charged  by  detective-officer  Murphy  with  obtaining  money  under  false  pretences.  The  prisoner,  who  is  lame,  and  who  had  not  the  slightest  pretension,  by  his  appearance,  to  any  superior  knowledge,  was  placed  before  the  magistrates,  when,  Detective-officer  Murphy  said,  last  night  these  two  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  came  to  me  and  informed  me  that  the  prisoner  had  ob obtained  tained obtained  a  shilling  from  the  one,  and  sixpence  from  the  other,  by  falsely  pretending  that  he  would  tell  their  fortunes.  In  consequence  of  that  information  I  went  to  No.  2,  Conway Conwaystreet,  street, Conwaystreet,  where  I  asked  if  the  prisoner  was  at  home.  I  was  told  that  he  was,  but  at  first  I  was  refused  admittance.  However,  I  went  upstairs.  In  the  parlour  I  observed  eight  females,  apparently  the  wives  of  respectable  tradesmen,  wait waiting  ing waiting  to  see  him.  In  the  room  upstairs  I  found  the  prisoner,  with  two  females.  He  was  sitting  on  the  table,  and  they  were  by  his  side.  Mr  Holme  :  Was  there  a  bed  in  the  room  ?  Witness  :  There  was.  It  was  the  bedroom  they  were  in.  This  pack  of  cards  was  on  the  table,  this  glass,  and  this  book,  all  of  which  I  took.  (The  witness  produced  the  articles,  the  glass  being  of  a  globular  form,  but  almost  opaque,  into  which  we  understand  the  poor  dupes  were  told  to  look  for  their  future  partners  as  the  case  might  be).  One  of  the  women  told  me  her  name  was  Mary  Jones,  of  8,  Chester-street,  Birkenhead,  and  the  other  was  her  sister.  I  asked  her  what  the  prisoner  had  told  her.  She  reeled  ?  he  said  she  would  have  plenty  of  I  asked  her  if  she  was  married.  At  first  she  said  no,  but  she  afterwards  said  yes—she  had  been  married  fifteen  months,  and  had  had  no  children.  Mr.  Holme  :  What  did  she  pay  him  ?  Witness  :  She  did  not  say.  Mr.  Holme  :  Let  me  look  at  the  book.  After  perusing  it  he  said—lt  is  Improved,  or  a  compendium  of  the  whole  art  of  that  most  important  science,  in  five  parts,  by  Robert  Bele,  assistant  and  the  book  was  printed  by  A.  Ballen,  at  the  sign  of  the  Red  Lion,  Paternoster-row,  -in  the  year  1723,  and  is  a  most  disgusting  publication  ;  it  contains  sad  things  that  are  not  fit  to  be  thought  of,  much  less  spoken.  Mr.  Hughes,  chemist,  269,  Scotland-road  :  I  yesterday  went  to  the  prisoner's  house  to  have  my  fortune  told.  I  waited  in  the  parlour  for  about  two  hours  and  a-half.  There  were  ten  or  twelve  females  there.  I  waited  until  it  came  to  my  turn  before  I  went  up  stairs.  Each  person  was  with  the  prisoner  about  a  quarter  of  an  hour.  I  saw  the  prisoner  sitting  in  a  chair.  He  took  the  pack  of  cards  and  cut  them  about,  and  then  said  Who  is  this  dark  girl  tak taking  ing taking  out  a  card.  I  said  He  said  dark  com 'complexion.'  After  having  some  talk  I  asked  him  what  he  charged.  He  did  not  answer,  but  I  put  down  a  shilling  and  he  took  it  up.  Mr.  Holme  :  You  were  perfectly  satisfied  with  your  for fortune,  tune, fortune,  and  he  with  the  shilling  ?  Witness  :  I  was  perfectly  satisfied.  Mr.  Holme  :  You  can  ask  the  witness  any  questions  you  please.  The  Prisoner  :  Now,  pray  be  careful  ;  I  am  always  very  careful  myself.  Did  I  ask  you  for  any  money  ?  Witness  :  No,  but  you  took  it  up.  Prisoner  :  You  say  you  gave  me  a  shilling  ;  surely  if  any  person  threw  down  a  shilling,  I  could  take  it  up.  But  you  did  not  give  me  Is.  ;  you  gave  me  Is.  6d.  Did  I  ask  you  for  it  ?  Witness  :  I  asked  you  if  that  was  your  chair,  and  you  said  will  Mr.  Holme  :  Did  he  take  up  the  money  ?  Witness  :  Yes  he  did,  and  put  it  in  his  pocket.  Prisoner  :  So  would  you  if  money  had  been  given  to  you.  I  did  not  ask  for  it.  Mr.  Henry  Carroll,  baker,  Scotland-road.  I  went  to  the  house  of  the  prisoner  yesterday::  I  waited  in  the  parlour  until  it  came  to  my  turn.  .  .  Mr.  Holme  :  Did  you  go  with  the  last  witness  ?  Witness  :  No,  we  did  not  go  together,  the  last  witness  was  in  the  house  first,  and  I  went  in  after  him.  When  I  went  in  the  parlour  there  were  ten  or  twelve  women  there.  They  were  very  respectable  persons  ;  some  of  them  might  be  50  years  of  age.  I  waited  my  turn,  and  then  I  went  upstairs.  I  saw  the  prisoner  sitting  in  the  cornerat  a  table.  He  asked  me  if  I  had  come  to  my  fortune  told  I  did  not  speak,  but  sat  down.  He  then  gave  me  a  pack  of  earth  to  cut.  I  did  so  ;  he  then  laid  them  down  on  a  table  in  a  systematic  way,  one  overlaying  the  other  to  the  extent  of  a  quarter  of  an  inch,  until  they  spread  over  the  surface  of  the  whole  table,  and  each  singular  card  he  touched  with  the  top  of  his  finger  and  looked  in  my  face  without  saying  a  word.  Then  he  picked  one  out  at  the  latter  end,  and  he  says,  you  know  that  I  said  He  then  said,  you  know  who  this  dark  man  is  I  asked  him  did  he  mean  a  black  man,  and  he  said  I  mean  a  man  with  dark  hair  and  black  I  said  I  did  not  know,  but  added  mind,  tell  me  something  that  has  to  take  place,  I  know  all  that  has  and  I  gave  him  something  to  work  on,  I  soon  be  married  The  answer  was,  you  can  do  any  minute  you  said  I,  I  get  one  with  money—that  is  what  I  mean  by  getting  He  then  shuffled  the  cards,  and  pointing  out  the  same  sort  of,  card,  he  said,  you  see  this  is  that  &#34;That's  the  lady,  she  is  a  and  plucking  out  another  card  he  says,  you  see  that  what  it  that  She  has  plenty  of  Plucking  out  another,  be  says,  you  see  that  There  is  more  coming  to  I  said,  you  think  I  may  be  soon  married  to  her  and  he  said,  you  will  be  certainly  married  to  her  against  May  you  think  I  may  be  married  sooner  you  see  that  dark  haired  man  ?  There  will  be  a  disturbance  between  May  Ibe  married  to  her  sooner  He  says,  You  have  only  to  say  I  then  asked,  she  a  virtuous  woman  and  he  said,  she  is  a  after  he  had  told  me  she  was  a  widow.  (Laughter.)  He  said,  she  was  never  even  touched.  At  the  same  time  I  am  a  married  man  with  a  family.  I  then  asked  him  was  he  done  ?  he  said  no,  I  want  to  go  over  the  cards  He  did  so,  and  I  said  to  him,  well,  are  you  done,  what'is  your  charge  He  said,  give  me  a  I  said  I  understood  his  charge  was  only  6d.  from  the  women  down  stairs..  He  said,  was  only  6d.  to  ladies,  but  I  charge  men  Mr.  Wybergh  :  Did  you  give  him  is  ?  Witness  :  I  told  him  I  only  brought  6d.  I  gave  him  the  6d.  and  a  farthing,  but  I  subsequently  put  the  farthing  in  my  pocket.  Mr.  Holme  :  You  went  as  detective  police-officer  ?  Witness  :  No,  sir.  •  Mr.  Holme  :  Did  you  believe  in  him  ?  Witness  :  To  a  certain  extent.  Mr.  Holme  :  Which  side  of  the  Irish  Channel  were  you  born  on  ?  Witness  :  On  the  English  side  of  the  Irish  Channel.  (Laughter.)  I  was  born  in  Barnsley,  in  Yorkshire.  Mr.  Holme  :  I  am  surprised  you  let  him  come  Yorkshire  over  you.  Witness  :  He  did  not  do  so.  Cross-examined  by  prisoner  :  You  shuffled  the  cards  three  times.  You  told  me  I  should  loose  money  by  a  party.  I  asked  you  which  was  the  lady.  You  told  me  I  should  go  a  long  journey.  I  did  not  acknowledge  I  had  an  idea  to  do  any  such  thing.  Some  altercation  having  taken  place  between  the  witness  and  the  prisoner,  Mr.  Holme  :  Answer  his  questions  ;  and  in  doing  so  bear  in  mind  you  are  speaking  to  a  necromancer.  •  Cross-examination  continued  :  did  not  admit  the  second  time  you  told  me  that  I  had  lost  money  by  a  fair  man.  You  never  said  you  thought  the  female  who  lived  in  the  house  with  me  was  my  wife.  The  prisoner  here  declined  to  ask  any  further  questions.  Mr.  Holme  :  'What  have  you  to  say  ?  The  Prisoner  :  The  way  I  took  this  up  was,  I  was  left  with  three  children,  without  father  or  mother,  and  I  was  un unhealthy  healthy unhealthy  myself.  I  was  lame,  and  broke  my  leg,  and  con continued  tinued continued  this  close  on  to  two  years.  Mr.  Trolmo  What  have  to  say  to  professing  snd  pre pretending  tending pretending  to  tell  fortunes  ?  Prisoner  :  Well,  sir,  I  have  told  a  good  deal  which  has  proved  true.  The  world  was  not  made  in  a  day.  Mr.  Wybergh  remarked  that  under  the  act  he  was  liable  to  be  treated  as  a  rogue  and  vagabond,  and  was  liable  to  be  committed  for  three  months.  Mr.  Holme,  (addressing  Mr.  Hughes  :)  Did  you  believe  in  him  ?  Mr.  Hughes  :  I  went  merely  to  ascertain  the  truth  if  such  foolishness  was  acted  in  the  country  ;  I  could  scarcely  think  people  would  be  so  much  duped  in  a  place  like  Liverpool.  Mr.  Holme  :  It  appears  to  me  a  very  extraordinary  cir circumstance  cumstance circumstance  that  in  the  middle  of  the  nineteenth  century,  in  these  days  of  education  and  intelligence,  that  a  man  like  this  should  have  his  apartments  crowded  with  people  who  believed  he  had  the  power  of  looking  into  futurity,  and  telling  them  their  fortunes.  Any  man  may  have  his  fortune  told  without  going  to  a  necromancer,  or  a  man  like  this.  If  a  man  pursues  an  industrious  and  honest  calling,  as  he  ought  to  do,  his  fortune  may  be  easily  iold  :  he  will  elevate  himself  to  respectability,  and  ultimately  to  prosperity.  But  men  who  go  to  a  person  like  this,  it  is  not  very  difficult  to  tell  what  their  fortune  will  be,  if  they  really  believe  what  they  are  told.  It  is  only  another  proof  that  where  there  are  great  knaves  in  the  world,  there  are  a  great  number  of  fools  who  are  ready  to  lend  themselves  to  them.  And  it  is  sur surprising  prising surprising  to  me  that  one  of  the  witnesses,  who  appears  to  possess  a  great  admixture  of  shrewdness  and  folly,  should  have  lent  himself  to  such  a  necromancer  as  this.  However,  the  case  is  clearly  proved  against  this  man,  and  for  the  purpose  of  putting  a  stop  to  such  an  abominable  system  as  this,  of  having  women,  whom  I  am  told  are  respectable  married  women,  coming  to  a  man  like  this,  and  going  into  a  bed-room,  with  a  bed  in  the  room,  for  the  purpose  of  having  their  fortunes  told— toldthere  there toldthere  is  something  disgusting  in  the  very  thought—and  when  I  opened  this  boo  which  this  man  had  in  his  posses possession,  sion, possession,  I  find  it  full  of  beastliness  and  nastiness  of  the  most  disgraceful  and  disreputable  nature.  I  should  not  be  doing  my  duty  to  the  pubhc  at  - STYLE=superscript  large,  whom  I  represent  here,  if  I  did  not  put  into  effect  the  full  power  which  the  act  of  par parliament  liament parliament  gives  me  ;  and  therefore,  for  the  purpose  of  en endeavouring  deavouring endeavouring  to  put  an  end  to  such  an  abominable  system  as  this,  and'  for  the  purpose  of  justly  punishing  you  for  the  course  you  have  thought  fit  to  adopt,  you  must  be  Committed  for  three  months,  and  were  it  not  for  the  appearance  of  lame lameness,  ness, lameness,  I  would  give  you  hard  labour  also.  The  stars  are  not  propitious  to  you  to-day.  I  have  told  you  your  fortune  for  the  next  three  months  at  all  events.  REFUSING  TO  PROCEED  TO  SEA.  Henry  Dixon,  a  seaman,  who  had  signed  articles  to  sail  in  the  schooner  Science,  for  Barcelona,  but  who  had  subsequently  refused  to  join  the  vessel,  on  the  plea  of  illness,  after  he  had  received  £2  10s.,  his  month's  advance,  was  sent  to  gaol  fur  21  days.  PICKING  POCKETS.—John  Sorton,  who  was  brought  up  in  the  custody  of  detective  officer  Sullivan,  was  charged  with  picking  the  pocket  of  Mr.  Henry  Johnson.  The  prosecutor  was  passing  down  Dale-street  on  the  previous  evening,  and  when  passing  Fontenoy-street  felt  a  tug  at  his  pocket.  Immediately  after  he  saw  the  prisoner,  who  was  the  only  person  near  him,  drop  a  pocket  handkerchief,  which  he  bad  missed  from  his  pocket.  The  prisoner  was  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  COMMITTALS.  —Ann  Ward  was  committed  for  21  days  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  pair  of  shoes  from  the  house  of  James  Melbourne,  Clarence-street.  :Thomas  Doyle  was  sent  to  gaol  for  two  months  for  stealing  a  telescope  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Laurence  Gobbi,  76,  Stanhope-street.  The  property  was  in  this  case  stopped  by  the  assistant  of  Mr.  Murdoch.  pawnbroker,  Marybone,  end  Mr.  Mansfield  wished  all  pawn pawnbrokers  brokers pawnbrokers  would  behave  as  well.  SEALING  METAL  PIPING.—Simon  Glynn  was  charged  with  being  concerned  in  stealing  a  quantity  of  metal  piping,  :  the  property  of  Messrs.  A.  and  G.  Holme,  from  the  Custom  House,  Canning-place.  The  only  evidence  which  affected'  the  prisoner  was,  that  he  was  amongst  a  number  of  men  who  told  officer  593,  that  they  had  been  sent  by  a  Mr.  Humphries,  to  remove  some  metal.  He  was  subsequently  seen  in  the'  company  of  a  person  who  was  offering  the  piping  for  sale  at  Mr.  M'Cormack's  iron  foundry.  Remanded.  ALLEGED  ASSAULT  UPON  A  POLICE  OFFICER.--THE:'  TABLES  TURNED.—DanieI  and  Mary  M'Connell,  husband  and  wife,  were  charged  with  assaulting  officer  107,  (Kennedy),  whilst  in  the  execution  of  his  duty.  On  Friday  evening,  Kennedy  received  directions  to  attend  in  plain  clothes  at  St.  Martin's  school,  to  watch  some  boys  who  were  in  th.  habit  of  breaking  the  windows  of  the  school  by  throwing  stones.  About  two  o'clock  he  bud,  cwo  boys  into  custody,.  for  throwing  stones,  and  ....moved  them  to  bridewell.  About  four  o'clock,  he  apprehended  a  third  boy  for  the  same'  offonco,  and  when  he  did  so,  the  prisoner  and  his  wife  came  up,  the  boy  was  rescued,  and  the  officer  was  assaulted.  According  to  his  own  statement,-his  hat  was  taken  off  in  order  that  his  head  might  be  bare  to  receive  the  blows,  and  his  staff  was  taken  from  him.  M'Connell,  the  male  priso— prisoner,  ner, prisoner,  admitted  to  the  officer  that  what  the  boy  was  doing  was'  very  wrong,  and  that  he  himself  had  repeatedly  complained  of  it.  M'Connell  denied  this  statement.  He  had  taken  no  part  in  the  rescue,  but  the  officer  had  the  boy  down  and  was  kneeling  on  his  chest,  and  when  the  boy  got  away,  the  officer  came  to  him  and  struck  him  with  a  short  stick,  and  broke  his  hat.  His  wife  then  asked  him  why  he  struck  her  hus husband,  band, husband,  and  he  seized  her  and  threw  her  down.  He  asked  him  to  give  the  boy  into  the  custody  of  an  officer.  Kennedy  :  I  was  struck  with  stones,  and  there  is  no  truth  in  the  statement  that  I  had  the  boy  down.  •  Mr.  Booth  :  Did  you  tell  them  you  were  an  officer  ?  Kennedy  :  I  did  ;  I  said  remember  you  are  getting  your yourself  self yourself  into  a  serious  hobble.  Mr.  Wybergh  ;  Did  he  tell  you  to  give  the  boy  up  to  a  policeman  ?  Kennedy  :  After  the  row  was  over,  not  before.  M'Connell  said  he  had  got  up  an  application  to  his  land landlord,  lord, landlord,  to  try  and  do  away  with  this  very  nuisance.  A  woman  named  Brown  was  then  called  as  a  witness  for  the  prisoner.  She  stated  that  shortly  after  four  o'clock  she  was  passing  St.  Martin's  schools,  and  she  saw  a  great  crowd.  She  went  over,  and  she  saw  a  man  who  had  a  boy  by  the  collar  of  his  jacket,  on  the  ground,  and  his  two  feet  on  his  chest.  The  prisoner  and  his  wife  were  coming  across,  and  they  asked  what  the  boy  had  done.  The  officer  said,  he  has  been  breaking  my  windows,  and  I,  will  take  him  to  bridewell.  With  that  M'Connell  said,  do  not  mur murder  der murder  the  boy  ;  give  him  into  the  hands  of  a  policeman.  With  that  a  woman  came  and  knocked  off  his  hat,  pulled  him  down  and  scratched  his  face.  I  held  his  hat  in  my  hand,  and  I  would  not  give  it  to  a  person  who  wanted  to  take  it.  Another  person  had  the  officer's  stick,  and  when  he  got  it  he  ran  and  struck  M'Connell  and  knocked  off  his  hat.  It  was  another  woman  who  released  the  prisoner.  The  officer  had  his  feet  on  the  boy's  chest.  Kennedy  :  I  deny  that.  Mr.  Clough  :  Do  you  know  the  prisoners  ?,  Witness  :  No.  Mr.  Clough  :  Did  you  see  the  officer  with  a  staff  ?  Witness  :  P  saw  him  pull  it  out.  Mr.  Clough  :  Was  it  a  regular  constable's  staff  ?  Witness  :  I  don't  know.  He  then  got  hold  of  the  lady,  and  threw  her  down  on  the  broad  of  her  back.  Mr.  Wybergh  :  Did  you  see  either  of  the  prisoners  attempt  to  strike  the  officar  ?—Witness  :  No.  Kennedy  :  Did  you  see  Mrs.  M'Connell  scratch  my  face  ?  Witness  :  No.  Kennedy  :  Did  you  see  that  woman  hold  my  staff  ?  Witness  :  No.  Kennedy  :  You  were  not  there  at  the  time  it  occurred  ?  Witness  :  I  was  there  at  the  beginning.  I  thought  my  own  boy  might  be  there,  and  I  was  uneasy.  Kennedy.  There  was  no  one  there  at  the  commencement  but  the  prisoners.  The  boy  got  away  the  first  time,  and  I  took  him  a  second  time.  Witness  :  I  beg  your  pardon,  you  only  had  him  - STYLE=superscript  once,  and  he  was  taken  away  by  the  old  woman  who  knocked  your  hat  off.  Mr.  Mansfield  :  Discharge  the  prisoners:  A  CRUEL  STEPMOTHER.  —Ann  Bramwell,  a  .repulsive  looking  woman,  was  charged  with  inflicting  a  severe  wound  with  a  knife  on  her  stepdaughter,  a  young  girl  about  four fourteen  teen fourteen  years  of  age.  It  appeared  from  the  girl's  statement  that  she  was  at  service,  and  came  home  the  previous  even evening  ing evening  about  - STYLE=superscript  eight  o'clock.  When  she  came  in  her  stepmother  asked  her  for  a  bedgown  which  her  mistress  had  given  her,  which  she  refused  to  hand  over.  Upon  this  the  stepmother  seized  a  knife  and  nearly  severed  one  of  the  girl's  fingers.  She  was  taken  to  the  Southern  hospital,  where  the  wound  was  dressed,  and  a  certificate  was  produced  from  the  house housesurgeon  surgeon housesurgeon  that  the  wound  was  a  dangerous  one.  The  prisoner  denied  that  she  had  wounded  the  girl  designedly  ;  she  was  cooking  her  husband's  supper,  and  had  the  knife  in  her  hand,  and  she  was  trying  to  prevent  e  prosecutor  from  again  leaving  the  house  that  night,  when  she  caught  the  knife  in  her  hand  and  cut  herself.  Mrs.  Jane  Aversham,  of  front  Portland-street,  with  whom  the  prosecutria  was  in  service,  stated  that  a  better  girl  never  came  into  her  house  ;  but  she  was  so  neglected  that  she  did  not  know  AB  C.  She  had  hardly  an  article  of  clothing.  The  prisoner  was  remanded  for  seven  days.  UNPROVOKED  ASSAULT.—  Thomas  Alexander,  a  man  dres dressed  sed dressed  in  the  garb  of  a  seaman,  was  charged  with  an  unpro unprovoked  voked unprovoked  assault  upon  a  lady  named  Margaret  King,  under  the  following  circumstances  :—On  the  previous  day,  Mrs.  King  was  standing  at  her  own  door,  at  the  corner  of  Fulton Fultonstreet,  street, Fultonstreet,  when  the  prisoner  walked  up  and  said  something  to  her;  she  did  not  know  what.  She  turned  her  head  round,  and  she  had  no  sooner  done  so  than  he  struck  her  a  blow  with  his  hand  on  the  side  of  the  head,  and  knocked  her  down.  He  was  not  very  'drunk.  The  prisoner  said  he  was  drunk,  and  knew  nothing  .  about  it.  Mr.  Mansfield  :  You  must  pay  £5,  or  be  imprisoned  for  two  months  with  hard  labour.  SHARP  PRACTICE.—Mrs.  Ellen  Bowler,  of  Cheapside,  summoned  Mr.  Sorton,  pawnbroker,  Dale-street,  to  show  cause  why  he  should  not  deliver  up  to  her  six  yards  of  flan flannel,  nel, flannel,  value  10s.,  which  she  had  pledged  with  him  for  3s.  It  appeared  the  flannel  was  pledged  with  Mr.  Sorton  on  the  13th  of  December,  1852,  and  on  the  evening  of  the  13th  of  December,  1853,  she  went  to  have  the  flannel  released.  It  was  a  few  miuutes  after  7  o'clock,  and  was  a  little  too  late.  Next  morning  she  sent  ss.  Id.,  the  full  amount  of  principal  and  interest,  but  the  flannel  would  not  be  delivered  up.  Mr.  Mansfield  :  Is  the  flannel  sold  ?  Mr.  Sorten  :  I  could  not  say.  Mr.  Mansfield  :  I  can't  help  you  ;  you  allowed  the  time  to  expire.  by  e STYLE=superscript  th  ir STYLE=superscript  e  Aß  e  G  u  E  st  oL  s  SM  ai  ll  it  r  o  L  ti  lN  tio  Gl  ain  i  s  ll  t  fo  j  r/R  oh  a  n  ti  Information  marine  ibivea STYLE=superscript  ',Lore  dealer,  Lower  ilarrineon,  charging  him  with  being  in  possession  of  104  lbs.  of  foreign  tobacco,  unmanufactured.  From  information  received,  an  officer  of  customs  searched  the  premises,  and  found  171  lbs.  of  tobacco  concealed  in  the  ash ashpit.  pit. ashpit.  During  the  proceedings,  it  was  found  that  other  parties  than  Campbell  had  access  to  the  ash-pit.  20  lbs.  of  tobacco  were  also  found  in  the  cellar,  but  as  there  was  no  evidence  to  show  Campbell  was  cognizant  of  its  being  there,  the  ca  se  was  dismissed.  SANITARY  PsironmyrioNs.—Mr.  M‘Gowan,  the  legal  ad adviser  viser adviser  to  the  health  committee,  appeared  to  support  a  vast  number  of  summons.d  carved  on  parties  under  the  123  d  sec section  tion section  of  the  127th  cap.,  9,  and  lu,  Vio.,  f.r  not  keeping  in  a  proper  state  of  cleanliness,  their  houses,  cellars,  &amp;c.  As  th  e  present  moment,  when  an  epidemic  was  impending,  it  was  essentially  necessary,  he  observed,  that  the  act  should  be  carried  out  in  its  full  force.  Accordingly  no  less  than  3,500  notices  had  been  served,  but  he  was  glad  to  say  that  in  the  great  majority  of  them  the  parties  had  complied,  and  that  the  cases  which  would  be  brought  before  the  court  were  re reduced  duced reduced  to  sixty  or  seventy.  The  object  of  the  health  com committee  mittee committee  was  not  to  carry  out  the  act  so  as  to  render  it  op oppressive  pressive oppressive  to  the  public,  but  they  wished  to  preserve  the  health  of  the  parties  residing  in  those  houses,  and  also  to  prevent  the  spread  of  disease  and  epidemic  among  the  community  at  large  Dr.  Duncan,  the  medical  officer,  and  Mr.  Fresh,  the  in inspector  spector inspector  of  nuisances,  were  also  in  attendance.  Richard  Hollow  was  summoned  for  four  houses  in  Lord  Nelson-street.  Mr.  Bremmer  appeared  for  the  defendant.  He  said  he  was  sure  that  Mr.  M'Gowan  would  do  them  the  credit  in  admitting  that  they  would  not,_on  any  account,  throw  ob obstacles  stacles obstacles  in  the  way  of  the  health  committee  in  carrying  out  the  provisions  of  an  act  which  it  was  for  the  benefit  of  all  should  be  strictly  enforced.  He  therefore  regretted  that  his  client  should  be  among  the  seventy  delinquents,  but  the  reason  was,  that  he  wished  to  do  more  than  comply  with  the  requisition  of  the  committee.  When  . STYLE=superscript  the  summons  had  been  served  on  him  to  cleanse  the  houses,  he  immediately  set  about  making  extensive  alterations  in  them,  which  would  still  more  improve  their  sanitary  condition.  The  whole  work  would  be  completed  in  a  day  or  so,  and  he  therefore  trusted  that,  under  those  circumstances,  the  court  would  not  inflict  a  fine.  The  case  was  accordingly  adjourned  for  a  week,  a  fine  to  be  inflicted  if  the  houses  be  not  finished  within  that  time.  R  , STYLE=superscript  bert  Bridson  was  summoned  for  houses  in  Cros  bie biestreet.  street. biestreet.  Mr.  Snowball  who  appeared  for  the  defendant,  said  that  the  houses  were  let  to  a  number  of  Irish  tenants,  and  that  the  landlord  could  not.  get  them  out;  and  he  therefore  thought  that  the  summons  should  not  have  been  taken  out  against  him,  but  against  the  occupiers.  However,  in  this  particular  case  the  informations  could  not  be  sustained,  inas inasmuch  much inasmuch  as  the  notice  was  not  drawn  up  .  in  the  legal  phraseology  of  the  act.  Mr.  M'Gowan  here  made  some  observation  as  to  the  nature  of  the  objection.  It  was  inaudible  except  to  those  in  his  immediate  vicinity;  but  it  called  fbrth  from  Mr.  Snowball:  You  are  a  very  impertinent  kind  of  fellow.  I  don't  know  who  you  are,  hilt  you  •  are  a  very  impudent  fellow.  Mr.  M'Gowan  :  No;  you  are  the  very  impudent  fellow—l  only  give  it  you  back  in  your  own  coin.  The  magistrates  held  the  objection  to  be  invalid.  Mr.  Snowball  said  there  was  another  objection.  The  notice  set  forth  that  if  the  cleansing  was  not  done  within  twenty-four  hours  from  its  receipt,the  officer  would  have  the  work  done,  and  charge  the  parties  with  the  expense.  That  was  not  done,  and  it  was  therefore  rather  hard  to  summon  the  defendant.  Mr.  M'Gowan  replied  that  the  notices  were  filled  up  in  the  manner  directed  by  the  •  act,  which  inflicted  in  case  of  non-fulfilment  acumulative  penalty--  namely,  I  Os.  for  every  day  the  work  remained  undone  after  the  expiration  of  the  period  in  the  notice.  lie  regretted  that  geqtlemen  should  oppose  what  was  for  the  good  of  all  by  absurd  and  grown grownless  less grownless  quibbles,  instead  of  meeting  the  case  in  its  merits.  The  defendant  here  stated  that  he  would  cleanse  the  house,  but  that  he  could  not  do  so  in  cons•eqnence  of  the  habits  of  the  tenants.  The  Magistrate  said  that  cleanliness  in  such  hone  could  only  be  insured  by  making  the  landlord  responsible  for  the  tenants  ;  for  if  they  did  .r.-4  nenave  properly,  and  live  something  like  a  PluisEtan  and  decent  life,  he  should  get  rid  of  th...  2.  The  defendant  was  fined  20s.  and  costs.  The  following  parties,  owners  of  the  houses,  were  also  fined  I.  M.  Treefall,  for  two  houses  in  a  - STYLE=superscript  court  off  Crosbie Crosbiestreet,  street, Crosbiestreet,  ss.  and  4s.  ed.  costs,  in  each  case.  Bryan  Renshaw,  for  a  house  in  a  court  off  Blundell-street,  20s.  and  4s.  6d.  costs.  Frederick  Elliott,  for  a  house  in  a  court  off  Blundell-street,  2s.  6d.  and  2s.  6d.  costs.  Bichard  Long,  for  houses  in  Vaughan's-buildings,  in  ono  case  2s.  6d.,  and  in  the  other  10s.  and  4s.  6d.  costs.  Edward  :Jones,  for  a  house  in  Back  Bridport-street,  2s.  6d.  and  4s.  6d.  costs.  R.  S.  two  bouses  in  Bath-lane,  10s.  and  4s.  Gd.  costs  in  each  case.  James  Blackburne,  for  two  houses  in  Lancelot's-hey,  10s.  and  4s.  6d.  costs  in.each  case.  David  Hughes,  houses  in  Brook-street,  in:  each  case  20s.  and  4s.  6d.  costs.  Thomas  Dutton,  Lee-hall,  Queen-street,  2s.  6d.  and  costs.  Tames  Revey;  Johnson-street,  ls.  and  ls.  costs.  Thomas  Carney,  Johnson-street,  10s.  and  4s.  6d.  costs.  Alexander  Ryan,  was  summoned  for  a  number  of  houses  in  Grosvenor-street.  The  agent  of  Mr.  Ryan  stated  that  he  paid  a  party  £22  a ayear  year ayear  for  keeping  those  houses  clean  and  whitewashed.  In  some  of  the  houses  40  persons  were  living;  the  street  was  not  paved—an  open  sewer  ran  through  the  middle  of  it—so  that  it  was  impossible,  under  present  circumstances,  to  keep  the  houses  clean.  Dr,  Duncan,  the  medical-officer  said,  that  the  street  had  been  reported  to  the  health  committee,  and  that  it  would  be  immediately  attended  to.  The  cholera  was  always  very  bad  in  those  houses,  and  therefore,  nothing  should  be  left  undone.  The  party  who  contracted,  to  keep  the  houses  clean,  was  fined  in  each  case.  John  Bennett,  for  four  houses  on  Primrose-hill,  2s.  6d.,  and  costs,  in  each  case.  William  Williams;  for  a  house  in  a  court  off  Bridport Bridportstreet,  street, Bridportstreet,  2s.  6d  7  and  costs.  _  William  Anderson,  for  a  house  in  a  court,  Norris-place,  20s.  and  costs,  Thomas  Bird,  Truemount-street,  108.,  and  4s.  6d.  costs.  Bd.  Williams,  ditto,  ls.,  and  ls.  costs.  William  Bunnell,  ditto,  2s.  6d.,  and  4s.  6d.  costs.  Robert  Hughes,  four  houses  in  Grovesnor-street,  in  each  case,  55.,  and  4s.  6d.  costs.  Catherine  Walsh,  ditto,  ls.,  and  ls.  costs.  William  Lancaster,  Chaucer-qieet,  2s.  6d.,  and  2s.  6d.  costs.  .D  ivid  Evans,  ditto,  205.,  and  4s.  6d.  costs.  .rifory  Geoghegan,  ditto,  2s.  6d.,  and  2s.  sa.  costs.  Mr.  S.  liolme  foicibly  impressed  on  the  parties  the  necessity  of  keeping  their  ho  - STYLE=superscript  uses  dean,  particularly  at  the  present  moment,  and  trusted,  that  the  infliction  of  those  fines  would  henceforth  insure  a  ready  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  the  act."
