text
"UNITED  FRIENDIXIBURIAL  SOCIETY.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sia,—l  take  the  earliest  opportunity,  through  your  columns,  to  contradict  a  statement  which  ap appeared  peared appeared  in  this  day's  Mercury,  to  the  effect  that  tho  Roman  Catholic  party  belonging  to  the  above  society,  better  known  as  the  Society,  wanted  to  get  the  management  of  the  funds  of  the  lodge.  This  I  utterly  deny,  and  I  also  deny  that  there  is  any  party  at  all  in  the  society—all  work  together  without  difference  of  religion  or  creed.  The  party  (whoever  he  was)  who  told  the  Reporter  of  the  Mecury  the  false  statement,tknew  it  was  false,  but  he  did  so  to  smother  the  real  question,  which  I  will  discuss  at  the  proper  time  and  place.  I  am,  sir,  your  obdient  servant,  MOSES  CULLEN,  President  31,  Rose-hill,  30th  Dec.,  1853.  MEETING  OF  PARLIAMENT.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday,)  At  the  Council,  on  Thursday,  Parliament  was  prorogued  from  January  3rd,  to  Tuesday,  Janu January  ary January  the  31st,  then  to  meet  for  dispatch  of  busi  ness.  AUSTRALIAN  MAILS.—The  London  mails  of  Feb.  4th,  will  bo  dispatched  by  the  screw  steamer  Bosphorus.  THE  ARHY.—.  The  Herald  hears  in  every  quarter  that  there  is  nothing  but  confusion  at  the  Horse  Guards.  Other  resignations  are  talked  of.  In  fact  such  is  the  state  of  things  there,  that  nothing  but  a  change  of  the  head  of  the  department  can  restore  order,  and  place  matters  on  a  proper  footing.  ODESSA.—Telegraphic  advices  report  an  extraor extraordinary  dinary extraordinary  rise  in  the  Wheat  market,  on  the  24th,  coupled  with  very  extensive  transactions.  Freights  also  advanced.  The  movement  may  probably  be  attributed  chiefly  to  the  firmness  of  prices  in  this  country  and  in  France,  but  it  may  also  have  been  partly  owing  to  the  receipt  of  further  news  on  the  war  question."
