text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  schemes  of  designing  knaves  who  are  always  ready  to  batten  on  the  trading  and  commercial  disasters  of  this  country.  There  may  be  many  matters  connected  with  our  diplomatic  affairs  which  it  is  obviously  necessary  ought  to  be  kept  secret,  in  order  that  the  ends  in  view  might  not  be  defeated.  But  in  such  a  case  as  the  present,  where  two  countries  are  at  open  war,  where  shall  we  find  a  shadow  of  excuse  for  withholding  from  the  com commercial  mercial commercial  interests  at  stake  the  earliest  official  information  connected  with  movements  of  the  con contending  tending contending  parties  ?  There  can  be  no  argument  advanced  in  justification  of  a  system  of  secrecy.  which  exposes  every  class  of  the  community  to  the  risk,  if  not  positive  certainty,  of  being  unnecessa unnecessarily  rily unnecessarily  plundered.  The  immense  losses  which  have  overtaken  the  English  fundholders  within  the  past  three  months,  could  not  have  occurred  if  the  Foreign  office  had  pursued  an  open,  candid,  and  consistent  line  of  policy.  The  intelligence  we  published  yesterday,  as  coming  from  Trieste,  is  of  the  most  alarming  character—lF  TRUE  ;  and  even  if  it  should  turn  out  to  be  false,  which  is  likely  enough,  great  mischief  will  have  been  done  before  the  public)  mind  can  be  relieved  of  the  serious  ap apprehensions  prehensions apprehensions  which  such  reports  must  cause.  If,  on  the  other  hand,  we  find  that  POST  MAHOMED  has  really  formed  an  alliance  with  the  CZAR,  then,  indeed,  a  strong  suspicion  will  attach  itself  to  that  secret  diplomacy  which  has  not  foreseen  or  ad advised  vised advised  the  public  of  such  a  probability.  In  concocting  the  plot  of  a  novel,  the  most  start startling  ling startling  incidents  are  reserved,  to  give  effect  to  the  closing  chapters  of  the  romance;  but  we  question  very  much  if  this  belles  lettres  mode  of  handling  our  foreign  portfolio  will  be  quite  as  acceptable  to  the  general  reader.  The  alliance  of  Russia  and  Persia  can  have  but  one  object—one  ambition  ;  and  it  could  never  have  been  accomplished,  but  for  one  fault  in  our  governmental  system,  namely—secret  diplomacy!  Our  Indian  empire  would  not  be  in  the  danger  it  is,  if  a  bold  and  above-board  policy  had  been  followed  in  the  Foreign-office.  The  Muscovite  and  the  Tartar  could  not  have  done,  unknown  to  England,  what  it  appears  it  has  accomplished  by  stealth,  under  the  nose  of  the  British  ministry.  The  confirmation  of  the  intelli intelligence  gence intelligence  of  last  night,  however,  will,  if  we  are  not  much  mistaken,  be  followed  by  some  unmistak unmistakable  able unmistakable  popular  demonstrations  on  the  subject  of  our  existing  foreign  relations,  which  will  render  any  further  secret  diplomacy  impossible.  If  British  India  is  to  be  sacrificed  to  Russian  ambition,  it  is  to  be  hoped  that  the  British  public  will  themselves  present  their  offering  at  the  shrine  of  the  autocrat  and  his  enlightened  allies.  Fortu Fortunately,  nately, Fortunately,  St.  Petersburgh  is  not  one  of  those  in inaccessible  accessible inaccessible  points  of  the  globe  where  the  English  cannon  could  not  perform  a  prominent  part  in  giving  effect  to  the  popular  views  and  feelings  of  this  country.  With  regard  to  the  formidability  of  Russia  as  an  enemy,  we  repeat,  that  it  really  amounts  to  little  when  we  take  into  account  the  strength  of  the  enemies  that  exist  in  her  own  bosom  and  on  all  her  frontiers.  Her  whole  forces  have  been  employed  in  subjugating  nation  after  nation,  and,  although  she  has  succeeded  in  bringing  them  to  subjection,  still  they  are  ready readyto  to readyto  take  up  arms  against  the  common  enemy.  Political  hirelings  and  interested  partisans  may  labour  as  hard  as  they  please,  to  lead  us  to  believe  that  Russia  is  as  great  a  military  power  as  she  was  in  1814  ;  but  she  is  really  nothing  of  the  sort.  At  that  time  she  was  more  feared  than  detested.  She  was  not  in  debt—her  treasury  was  well  filled  —while  she  was  largely  subsidised  by  other  coun countries,  tries, countries,  and,  above  all,  the  Russian  people  were  less  disposed  for  peace  and  more  prone  to  war  than  they  are  at  present.  In  mere  brute  force  she  has  grown  vastly,  it  is  true,  but  how  immensely  greater  has  been  the  growth  of  our  fleets—how  much  we  haVe  advanced  in  our  knowledge  of  Russian  ports,  rivers,  military  positions,  and  general  resources.  In  a  word,  Russia's  over overwhelming  whelming overwhelming  strength  is  but  a  mere  conventional  bugbear,  and  the  only  danger  to  be  apprehended  is,  that  time  may  be  allowed  to  enable  her  to  draw  round  her  as  allies  those  powers  which  have,  for  good  or  evil,  become  the  subjects  of  this  and  other  countries  whose  progress  in  civilisation  the  AUTOCRAT  knows  must  eventually  hurl  him  from  the  throne  of  a  base  despotism,  and  reduce  him  to  the  level  of  a  constitutional  monarch,  who,  in  obedience  to  the  popular  voice,  would  be  bound  to  administer  justice  in  mercy.  The  possibility  of  such  a  transition  is  as  difficult  to  believe  as  that  of  the  petrefaction  of  an  iceberg  under  .  a  tropical  sun.  THE  NEW  ELECTIONS  FOR  COUNCILLORS.—In  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  appointment  of  Messrs.  Toulmin,  R.  C.  Gard Gardner,  ner, Gardner,  and  S.  Holme,  to  the  rank  of  Aldermen  at  the  Council  meeting  yesterday,  vacancies  have  been  caused  in  Pitt-street,  Abercromby,  and  South  Toxteth  Wards.  Mr.  John  Smith  is  already  announced  as  a  candidate  for  the  representation  of  Pitt-street  Ward,  as  will  be  seen  by  a  reference  to  our  advertising  columns,  and  his  return  is  regarded  as  certain.  We  understand  that  Mr.  J.  H.  Brancker  will  be  the  can candidate  didate candidate  for  Abercromby  Ward,  with  every  probability  of  success.  We  have  not  heard  the  name  of  any  gentleman  announced  as  Mr.  S.  Holme's  successor  in  South  Toxteth  Ward.  CIVIC  HOSPITALITY.--Immediately  on  the  conclusion  of  the  business  of  the  Council  yesterday,  the  members  of  the  Council  were  entertained  by  Mr.  J.  B.  Lloyd,  the  newly newlyelected  elected newlyelected  mayor,  to  a  splendid  repast,  which  was  served  up  in  the  mayor's  dining-room.  There  was  a  large  attendance.  Mr.  Lloyd  in  very  neat  and  appropriate  terms  proposed  the  health  of  the  late  mayor,  Mr.  S.  Holme  and  Mrs.  Holme.  The  toast  was  heartily  greeted,  and  Mr.  Holme  after  acknowledging  the  compliment,  proposed  the  healths  of  the  new  mayor  and  Mrs.  Lloyd.  This  toast  was  also  well  received.  The  mayor  responded.  The  company  separated  shortly  after  five  o'clock.  Several  of  Mr.  Lloyd's  friends  and  constituents  dined  together  last  evening  to  celebrate  his  election  to  the  civic  chair.  DEPARTURE  OF  THE  MARCO  POLO.---At  two  o'clock  yeS yeSterday  terday yeSterday  afternoon  this  noble  ship  left  the  Mersey  for  Mel Melbourne,  bourne, Melbourne,  having  on  board  620  passengers,  a  heavy  cargo,  and  a  considerable  amount  of  specie.  The  crew,  including  stewards,  &amp;c.,  number  79,  so  that  altogether  the  number  of  soule  on  board  is  700.  Two  of  the  most  powerful  of  the  Steam  Tug  Company's  vessels  had  been  enga&amp;ed  to  tow  her  out  of  port,  and  proceeded  along  with  the  ship.  In  order  that  there  may  be  no  detention,  and  that  this  celebrated  clipper  may  have  a  fair  chance  of  again  performing  the  voyage  in  first  rate  style,  the  two  steam  tugs  will  not  part  company  with  her  until,  she  arrives  off  Cork,  in  fact,  clear  of  land.  This  is  an  excellent  arrangement,  and  shows  a  liberal  desire  on  the  part  of  the  spirited  owners  to  consult  the  convenience  and  safety  .  of  the  passengers.  She  is  amply  provided  with  every  description  of  creature  comforts,  and  in  all  her  arrangements  the  general  accommodation,  and  even  luxuries  of  the  passen  g  ers,  have  been  consulted.  We  have  confidence  that  under  her  excellent  commander,  Captain  Macdonald,  she  will  make  a  rapid  run  out,  and  we  heartily  wish  her  success.  CHOLERA  ON  BOARD  ANOTHER  LIVERPOOL  EMIGRANT  SHIP.  —We  regret  to  learn  that  cholera  of  a  very  malignant  type  has  broken  out  on  board  the  emigrant  ship,  which  left  Liverpool  on  the  24th  ult.  for  New  York,  having  609  passengers  on  board.  She  put  into  Queenstown  on  Sunday  night  last,  when  it  appeared  that  two  days  after  she  sailed,  cholera  broke  out  on  the  person  of  a  German  emigrant,  and  that  from  that  time  up  to  the  present,  twenty-one  deaths  had  occurred  on  board,  and  there  were  twelve  more  cases.  Many  of  the  passengers  were  labouring  under  diarrhoea,  and  the  greater  number  were  much  depressed  in  spirits.  The  Lord  Mayor's  procession  took  place  yesterday.  In  the  evening  there  was  a  grand  banquet  at  Guildhall,  at  which  several  of  the  cabinet  ministers  and  judges  were  present.  NEW  MAYOR  AND  ALDERMEN  AT  SALFORD.—At  a  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  the  Salford  Council,  held  yesterday,  Mr.  Win.  Ross  was  elected  Mayor,  and  Messrs.  Harvey,  Jenkinson,  Hig Higgins,  gins, Higgins,  and  Marsden,  Aldermen.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL  LIVERPOOL,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING.  The  Trade  and  'Navigation  Returns,  published  in  London  this  afternoon,  show  the  following  highly  satisfactory  results  ;—exports  of  articles  of  British  products,  for  the  nine  months  just  ended,  66,987,7291.,  being  an  excess  of  upwards  of  12,500,0001.  over  those  for  the  corresponding  period  last  year,  and  about  13,500,0001.  over  those  of  1851.  Strange  to  say,  the  increase  in  the  period  to  which  those  returns  relate,  the  greatest  increase  is  shown  in  the  returns  for  the  last  month,  ending  the  10th  of  October.  The  increase  for  this  period,  as  compared  with  the  same  period  of  1852,  is  no  less  than  2,500,0001.  The  following  are  the  articles  for  which  the  greatest  demand  has  existed,  and  in  which  the  increase  is  most  observable  :  beer  and  ale  have  risen  from  49,0001.  to  97,000/.  ;  butter,  from  39,0001.  to  59,000/.  ;  herrings,  76,0001.  to  126,000/.  ;  glass  manufac manufactures,  tures, manufactures,  30,0001.  to  58,0001.  ;  haberdashery  and  millinery,  205,0001.  to  521,000/.  ;  hardwares  and  cutlery,  303,0001.  to  392,000/.  ;  wrought  lea leather,  ther, leather,  50,0001.  to  129,000/.  ;  machinery  and  mill millwork,  work, millwork,  169,0001.  to  186,000/.  ;  iron  bars,  bolts,  rod,  &amp;c.,  336,0001.  to  353,000/.  ;  wrought  iron,  177,0001.  to  317,000/.  ;  lead,  19,0001.  to  67,000/.  ;  silk  stuffs,  55,0001.  to  100,000/.  ;  stationery,  46,0001,  to  72,  0001.  •  The  returns  of  the  imports  we  shall  publish  in  detail  to-morrow,  In  the  meantime  we  can  state  that  they  will  be  found  highly  satisfac satisfactory.  tory. satisfactory.  By  the  United  States  steam-ship  Atlantic,  which  arrived  in  the  Mersey  this  morning  at  six  o'clock,  from  New  York,  we  have  advices  down  to  the  29th  ult.,  being  four  days  later  than  those  previously  received.  This  vessel  brings  98  passengers  and  500,000  dollars  on  freight.  The  steamer  Niagara,  from  Liverpool,  with  advices  to  the  16th  ult.,  reached  Boston  on  the  28th  ult.  Her  mails  were  delivered  in  New  York  on  the  29th.  The  steamer  Hermann,  also  from  Southampton,  arrived  at  New  York  on  the  29th,  The  steamer  Northern  Light,  had  arrived  at  New  York  from  San  Juan,  with  1,500,000  dollars  in  specie,  and  advices  from  San  Francisco  to  the  Ist  of  October.  The  commercial  news  from  the  Golden  State  was  deemed  to  be  rather  unsatisfactory.  The  large  sums  obtained  as  advances  on  goods  stored,  had  it  is  stated,  been,  in  almost  every  case,  remitted  to  the  Atlantic  States  ;  renewals  were  consequently  made  with  extra  difficulty.  The  great  staple  of  California—  Gold  Dust—came  in  slowly,  but  prices  were  un unchanged.  changed. unchanged.  With  the  commencement  of  the  rainy  season  increased  receipts  were  calculated  upon.  The  letters  for  England  from  California,  have  been  brought  by  the  Atlantic.  Die  advices  report  the  departure  from  San  Fran Francisco  cisco Francisco  of  the  steamer  Pacific  for  San  Juan  del  Sud,  with  460  passengers  and  $1,500,000  in  gold,  and  the  steamer  Panama,  for  Panama,  with  $1,100,000  in  gold.  •  The  New  York  Money  Market  was  said  to  be  im improving.  proving. improving.  On  call,  money  was  freely  offered,  but  long  commercial  paper  was  with  difficulty  negoci negociated  ated negociated  at  the  current  rates.  The  contraction  on  the  part  of  the  banks,  from  the  15th  to  the  22nd  inst.,  they  contracted  their  discount  lines  $2,569,000,  making,  since  the  6th  August,  upwards  of  twelve  and  a  half  millions  of  dollars.  The  decrease  in  the  deposits  last  !week  was  $3,319,000.  Foreign.  Ex Exchange  change Exchange  was  depressed  by  the  scarcity  of  money.  The  quotations  on  London  were  from  1091  to  1.091.  Paris,  &amp;c.,  to  f.  5.125,  60  days,  and  f.  5.074  to  f  5.08/  short  sight;  Antwerp,  f.  5.15  to  f.5.16};  Am Amsterdam,  sterdam, Amsterdam,  411  to  411  ;  Hamburg,  361  to  361.,-  ;  13re 13remen,  men, 13remen,  80  1 STYLE=superscript  4  to  80  4  1  •  Frankfort,  411  ;  and  Thalers,  721.  Freights  were  also  easier.  To  Liverpool,  we  notice  engagements  of  85,000  bushels  wheat  and  15,000  corn,  at  13d.  to  131  d.  On  the  receipt  of  the  news  taken  out  by  the  Niagara,.  the  prices  of  flour  and  meal  advanced  from  61  cents.  to  121  cents.  While  Canada  was  more  freely  offered  at  a  decline  of  124  to  25  cents.  The  Stocks  were  large  and  still  increasing  rapidly.  The  prices  of  grain  had  advanced  from  one  to  four  cents.  only,  and  this  was  confined  to  prime  Southern  and  Western.  The  Cotton  market  was  more  active,  and  closed  firmly  at  an  advance  of  4  tof  of  a  cent  per  lb.  The  sales  in-'  elude  3135  bales  for  export,  2430  for  home  use,  and  1678  on  speculation—together  7243  bales.  In  the  Provision  markets  there  had  been  a  further  de decline  cline decline  in  prices  from  12*  to  25  cents.  Rice  has  undergone  no  change.  The  entire  sales  of  the  week  amount  to  about  600  tierces  at  3$  25c.  to  4$  56+e.,  with  one  parcel  superior  old  crop,  4$  62te.  cash.  The  Liverpool  Cotton  market  was  firm  to-day.  The  sales  amount  to  5,000  bales,  of  which  1,500  were  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export.  We  are  still  without  any  confirmation  of  the  reports  which  were  circulated  on  Monday,  and  again  to-day,  res respecting  pecting respecting  the  destruction  of  the  crops  by  frost.  The  American  papers  are  silent  on  the  subject.  Our  Share  market  has  been  lower  to-day.  The  public  are  not  sellers  at  current  rates,  and  there therefore  fore therefore  there  is  but  little  stock  brought  on  the  market.  The  London  Stock  Market  was  much  depressed,  owing  to  the  alarming  intelligence  from  the  East,  which  appeared  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  thiS  day,  to  the  effect  that  Russia  was  endeavour endeavouring  ing endeavouring  to  form  an  alliance  with  Dost  Mahomed  and  Persia.  This  astounding  news  was  received  with  the  utmost  alarm.  Consols  opened  at  941  to  058,  but  they  quickly  fell  to  941  to  94k.  A  further  de decline  cline decline  is  anticipated  by  speculators.  The  monthly  settlement  takes  place  to-morrow,  and  this  event  en  g  rossed  the  attention  of  dealers.  Reduced  Three  per  Cents.  931  944.  New  3  per  Cents.  951  964.  Bank  Stock  has  not  altered  in  price.  Ex Exchequer  chequer Exchequer  Bills  at  former  quotations.  India  Stock,  251.  In  the  Foreign  Stock  market  Mexican  Stock  de declined  clined declined  to  25  g  ;  Peruvian  Bonds  73  ;  Spanish  Deferred  have  dropped  per  cent.  In  the  Share  market  sales  were  pressed—Cale pressed—Caledonians,  donians, pressed—Caledonians,  541-;  Eastern  Counties,  138  13f  ;  East  Lancashire  1/.  lower;  North  Westerns,  133-1  1038  ;  Midlands,  611  62  ;  South  Easterns,  611.  French  shares  keep  up  in  price.  Zealand  (Danish)  81-  or  32  dis.  Mining  shares  were  neglected.  Australasian  10s.  higher.  English  and  Scottish,  81  to  9+.  Chartered  of  Australia,  1  premium.  Oriental,  484  49.  Aus Australian  tralian Australian  Agricultural  Company's  Shares,  43+.  Crystal  Palace  Shares  1*  prem.  Scottish  Australian  In Investment,  vestment, Investment,  12  1,4  prem.  N.  B.  Australasian,  I  prem.  Berlin  Water  Works,  21  paid,  sold  at  li.  The  EARL  and  COUNTESS  OF  DERBY  are  entertaining  a  few  relatives  and  friends  at  Knowsley  Hall.  The  Earl  and  Countess  of  Wilton,  and  Lady  Katherine  Grey  Egerton,  are  among  the  visitants.  WILLIAM  BLUNDELL,  ESQ.,  of  Crosby  Hall,  near  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  has  appointed  Mr.  Alexander  McClintock  the  agent  of  his  estates  in  the  counties  of  Louth  and  Meath.  On  clit,  that  the  amalgamation  of  the  Eastern  Counties  and  Eastern  Union  line  is  already  completed—the  terms  be being  ing being  a  compromise  between  the  extreme  demands  hitherto  made  by  either  party.—Globe.  THE  COUNTESS  OF  ELLESMERE,  the  swift  steamer  between  Liverpool  and  Runcorn,  came  into  collision  in  the  river  with  a  large  ship,  on  Tuesday  night,  and  sustained  considerable  damage.  THE  MURDER  NEAR  WINDSOR.—The  inquest  to  enqnire  into  the  murder  at  Burnham,  was  resumed  on  Tuesday.  After  a  lengthened  enquiry  a  verdict  of  wilful  murder  against  Moses  Hatto  was  returned,  and  he  was  committed  to  Aylesbury  gaol  to  take  his  trial  at  the  assizes.  STRIKE  OF  THE  TIMBER  LABOURERS  AT  HULL.—A  strike  amongst  the  labourers  employed  in  the  large  timber  yards  of  Hull  has  just  taken  place.  THE  SHIELDS  SEAMEN  are  at  issue  with  their  employers.  They  declare  they  will  carry  out  the  manning  scale,  and  will  not  work  with  a  mixed  crew.  Frnß.—Yesterday  afternoon  a  fire  broke  out  in  the  cellar  under  the  old  Fish  Hall,  in  Charles-street,  now  used  as  the  store  for  weights  and  measures.  The  cellar  was  occupied  as  a  hay  store  by  a  Mr.  Rothen.  The  fire  brigade  were  immediately  on  the  spot,  and  the  fire  was  easily  got  under.  NEW  MAYOR  AND  ALDERMEN  AT  MANCHESTER.-At  the  Manchester  City  Council  meeting,  held  yesterday,  Mr.  Ben Benjamin  jamin Benjamin  Nicholls  was  elected  Mayor,  and  Sir  Elkanah  Armi Armitage,  tage, Armitage,  and  Messrs.  Bradford,  Abel  Heywood,  Shawcross,  Pilling,  Shuttleworth,  Barnes,  and  Willert,  were  also  elected  Aldermen.  DISASTER  TO  THE  QUEEN  OF  TILE  WEST.—This  fine  emigrant  ship  was  towed  into  Queenstown  on  Monday  after afternoon  noon afternoon  in  a  disabled  state.  She  sailed  from  Liverpool  for  New  York  on  9th  October,  with  555  passengers,  besides  crew.  She  had  a  good  voyage  un  til  th  e  morning  f  the  21st  Oct.,  when,  off  the  land  on  the  banks  of  Newfoundland,  at  about  one  o'clock,  a.m.,  she  was  struck  by  a  sea  which  carried  away  her  bowsprit,  main  -mast,  mizen-mast,  and  main-top main-topmast,  mast, main-topmast,  and  completely  swept  her  decks.  She  fell  upon  her  beam  ends  and  was  kept  down  until  the  wreck  was  cut  away,  when  she  righted.  In  this  disabled  state  she  knocked  about  for  some  days  until  jury  masts  were  rigged,  and  she  had  to  be  put  about  and  run  before  thewind.  On  Sunday  morning  at  four  o'clock  Cape  Clear  light  was  observed,  and  she  was  taken  in  tow  on  Monday  morning  by  the  Eagle  tug,  two  miles  outside  this  harbour."
