text
"native  which  nations;  in  such  cases,  adopt,  to  re regain  gain regain  her  just  rights,  and  retain  sovereignty  over  her  own  dominions  Why  recall  the  improprieties  or  crimes  which  once  characterised  Turkish  rule,  when  they  either  exist  not  at  all,  or  under  consider considerable  able considerable  modifications  ?  Where  is  the  nation  in  exist-  is  will  bear  scrutiny,  or  whose  institutions  and  government  at  the  present  moment  can  be  regarded  as  the  beau  ideal  of  perfection.  If  there  be  any  one  nation  in  particular  whose  go  vernment  is  remarkable  for  its  freedom  from  ble-  wishes,  certainly  Russia  cannot  lay  claim  to  the  distinction.  Indeed,  we  doubt  much  whether  the  subjects  of  the  SULTAN  would,  in  the  slightest  dE  free,  be  improved  under  Muscovite  rule.  probability  is,  that  they  would  become  worse  see,  therefore,  no.  just  cause  why  any  portion  of  the  English  Press  should  adopt  the  dishonourable  course  of  endeavouring  to  gain  some  little  popu popularity  larity popularity  for  the  one  Power  by  vilifying  the  other.  The  attempt  must  prove  a  failure.  And  all  who  do  not  look  through  their  spectacles  must  perceive  that  the  whole  transaction  is  nothing  but  a  ruse  de  /uerre,  which  is  sure  to  neutralize  the  very  ends  it  was  intended  to•promote.  Those  minions  of  the  Press  whose  interest.  lies  in  playing  the  Russian  game,  and  advocating  the  aggressive  policy  of  the  CZAR,  have  not  hesitated  to  assert  that  this  country  meditated  the  abandon abandonment  ment abandonment  of  'the  Ottoman  interests.  The  fact  is  other otherwise.  wise. otherwise.  Never  did  one  nation  More  cordially  take  up  the  cause  of  another  than  England  does  that  of  the  PORTE.  Instead  of  wishing  to  retrace  its  steps,  the  British  CABINET  is  fully  and  fixedly  resolved  to  render  that  support  to  Turkey  in  the  her  rights,  which  the  necessity  of  It  will  not  suffer  the  grasp-  AT  to  encroach  one  inch  further  upon  maintenance  o  the  case  may  require  ing  AIIT(  the  ii  htful  dominions  of  the  SULTAN,  without  experiencing  for  himself  and  his  armies  that  guerre  a  which  he  has  asserted  it  is  his  intention  to  wage  against  the  We  do  hope  that  both  journalists  and  public  speakers  will  refrain  from  raking  up  whatever  of  evil  they  might  find  in  the  Ottoman  Empire,  as  a  set-off  against  its  present  demands.  To  join  the  CZAR  in  his  base  attempts  to  enlarge  his  dominions  and  encroach  upon  the  liberties  of  Europe,  is  un unbecoming  becoming unbecoming  the  dignity  of  the  English  people.  But  not  to  recognise  the  strong  justice  and  inviolability  of  the  SULTAN  . STYLE=superscript  s  claims,  would  assuredly  expose  us  to  the  contempt  of  every  enlightened  nation.  THE  CLIPPER-SHIP  MARCO  the  arrival  of  the  above  justly  celebrated  ship  from  Australia,  extensive  alterations  which  the  experience  of  the  two  past  voyages  had'  suggested  for  the  comfort  and  convenience  of  the  passengers,  have  been  made  in  every  department  where  any  deficency  existed.  The  second  cabin  state  rooms,  which  formerly  had  four  sleeping  berths  in  each,  now  contain  only  two  sleeping  berths,.  although  the  size  of  the  state  rooms  have  not  been  diminished,  an  arrangement  which  must  tend  greatly  to  the  comfort  and  health  of  the  passengers.  The  third  have  also  been  considerably  enlarged  and  im improved.  proved. improved.  A  new  galley  and  cooking  apparatus,  calculated  to  cook  for  ono  thousand  persons,  has  also  been  added.  On  deck,  in  the  fore  part  of  the  ship,  eight  additional  large  stationary  water-closets  have  been  erected,  specially  for  the  convenience  of  the  second  and  third-class  cabin  passengers.  The  Marco  Polo  is  rapidly  filling  with  passengers,  and  will  positively  sail  in  the  first  week  of  November.  Messrs.  Baines,  and  Co.,  the  owners  of  the  Marco  Polo,  have  purchased  a  small  steam-ship,  which  will  be  taken  out  in  the  Marco  Polo,  intended  for  conveying  the  passengers  and  their  baggage  going  out  by  their  line  of  ships  from  the  anchorage  (which  is  some  distance  from  Melbourne),  to  the  wharf,  in  a  short  time  and  free  of  expense.  A  stewardess  is  attached  to  the  Marco  Polo  for  the  convenience  of  the  lady  passengers,  and  the  cabin  is  also  furnished  with  a  handsome  piano-forte.  It  is  the  intention  of  the  owners  of  the  Marco  Polo,  should  the  wind  prove  adverse  when  she  is  ready  for  sea,  to  have  her  towed  clear  of  the  land,  so  that  passengers  will  have  no  detention  either  in  the  river  or  in  the  channel  from  that  cause.  ARCHITECTURAL  SOCIETY.—A  meeting  of  this  so soiety  iety soiety  was  held  at  the  Royal  Institution,  last  night,  the  chair  was  taken  by  Mr.  Hay..  The  secretary  having  read  several  com communications,  munications, communications,  Mr.  Huggins  proceeded  to  read  an  essay  upon  !olumnar  architecture.  The  principal  subject  of  the  essay  lefence  of  the  Corinthian  column,  and  the  Greek  portico  in  general,  - STYLE=superscript  againit  the  objections  raised  by  Mr.  Ruskin  in  stones  of  and  a  protest  against  the  superiority  , STYLE=superscript  which  lie  assigns  to  the  Gothic  and  even  the  Byzantine  forms  of  architecture.  Mr.  Ruskin's  intense  delight  in  colour  was  condemned  by  the  essayist,  who  contended  that  architecture  in  its  highest  sense  was  the  reproduction  ofnature  abstracted  from  colour.  The  essayist  pronounced  the  Corinthian  column  of  Jupiter  Stator  to  be  the  finest  combination  in  architecture  of  the  expression  of  beauty  and  utility..  He  that  the  portico  might  be  introduced  with  much  advantage  into  the  architecture  Of  modern  streets,  and  pointed  out  the  advantages  which  would  arise  from  the  in introduction  troduction introduction  of  a  covered  footway  - STYLE=superscript  in  our  leading  thorough thoroughfare,  fare, thoroughfare,  in  which  the  lateimprovements  in  the  manufacture  of  glass  might  be  prodUctive  rof  many  advantages.  The  con conclusion  clusion conclusion  of  the  essay  was  lou'dly  applauded.  A  highly  inte interesting  resting interesting  conversation  then  arose  respecting  the  truth  of  the  doctrines  laid  down  by,  Mr.  Ruskin  in  his  last  work,  and  his  position  and  merits  as  an  audio,  tad  instPuctor.  THE  NEW  RECEIPT  STANIP.-Considerable  incon inconvenience  venience inconvenience  appears  to  have  oceurrat  !  the  provinces  in  con  -•1  sequence  - STYLE=superscript  of  thp  deficient  sumivirt  flu  now  receipt  stamps,  :vas  def  also  sun."
