text
"y  of  Messrs.  Hay,  Airthor  innniries  were  'remanded  to  Mo:  lay,  on  the  •  .ppliotition  `;aced  in  the  eas  thC  magistraies  agreed  .1  for  Their  appearance  on  that  day.  Roebuck  in  of  Ll  5  each,  and  Birtles  in  two  sureties  of  £lO  WATCH  RonirEnt.--  , STYLE=superscript  4  female  named  Fanny  =milted  to  take  her  trial,  at  the  'next  Quar Quaron  on Quaron  a  charge  of  having,  - STYLE=superscript  at  half-past  two  o'clock  robbed  Frederick  Robinson  of  his  watch.  —John  Rowley  appeared  in  an answer  swer answer  to  a  charge  preferred  against  him,  for  keeping  pigs  in  an  improper  place,  in  Booth-street,  West,  Ilulme,  by  which  a  nuisance  was  created  in  the  neighbourhood.  The  Town  Clerk  appeared  in  support  of  the  complaint  ;  •.Mr.  Bent,  so solicitor,  licitor, solicitor,  was  for  the  defendant.  It  was  stated  that  the  defendant  had  removed.the  pigs,  and  did  not  intend  keeping  any  others  in  the  yard  in  which  he.  had  previously  kept  them.  A  nominal  that  of  10s.  was  inflicted,  with  the  under understanding  standing understanding  that  the  fine  would  never  be  asked  for,  unless,  the  nuisance,  which  had  become  very  offensive  to  the  neighbours,  was  repeated.  Owen  vi  S  - STYLE=superscript  vISANCI  TERRIBLE  DIBABI  4T  PRESTON  One  of  the  greatest  disasters  which  ever  spread  consterna consternation  tion consternation  throughout  this  town,  occurred  on  Monday  night,  in  the  fall  of  the  liooi  of  a  , STYLE=superscript  room  containing  nearly  three  hundred  people,  The  ultimate  consequences  of  this  fearful  casualty  it  is  impossible  at  present  to  anticipate  ;  but  this  may  be  stated,  that  one  young  woman  was  killed  on  the  spot,  and  from  forty  injured,  many  of  them  to  fifty  other  people  more  or  less  -__,  seriously,  and  several,  it  was  feared,  mom..  stances  connected  with  the  accident  arc  as  follow  The  citcum-  Monday  is  the  day  on  which  the  turn-out  factory  hands  in  this  town  receive  their  weekly  allowance  in  lieu  of  wages_  from  the  trade  committee.  For  this  purpose  they  are  classed  in  divisions,  each  of  which  is  paid  at  a  different  place.  Last  night  a  body  of  card-room  hands,  between  200  and  300  in  number,  assembled  at  Mr.  'Worthington's,  the  Corporation  Arms  (near  the  Corn  Exchange),  to  receive  their  money.  They  were  directed  to  a  room  at  the  back  part  of  the  premises,  approached  from  the  yard  by  a  flight  of  stone  steps  mensions  of  this  apartment,  at  a  rough  estimate,  are  about  25  feet  by  20  ;  the  boarded  floor  being  supported  by  a  beam  passing  under  the  centre.  Underneath  is  a  lumber-roorn.  The  operatives  flocked  in  aoati  after  7  o'clock,  and  by  a  quarter  to  8,  abOut  which  time  the  distribution  of  the  money  commenced,  the  room  was  densely  packed.  arming  crash,  instan-  A  few  minutes  before  8  o'clock  an  a  taneously  followed  by  piercing  shrieks,  attracted  the  attention  of  persons  in  the  vicinity  of  the  Corn  E  x  . STYLE=superscript  elange,  and  they  immediately  repaired  to  the  back  premises  of  the  Corporation  Arms.  whence  the  startling  sounds  emanated.  Lights  having  been  procured,  an  appaling  spectacle  met  the  view.  It  was  found  that  the  beam  above  mentioned,  unequal  to  the  unwonted  pressure  to  which  it  was  subjected,  had  snapped  in  the  centre,  the  result  being  that  the  floor  parted  Immediately  over  the  beam,  precipitating  the  crowd  of  people  into  the  chasm  —a  depth  of  about  12  feet.  Language  is  inadequate  to  the  task  of  conveying  anything  like  an  idea  of  the  scene  presented  by  this  dense  mass  of  human  beings  heaped  together  in  appar apparently  ently apparently  inextricable  confusion,  and  suffering  from  jejuties  of  almost  every  description.  To  drag  them  out  through  the  doorway  was  a  work  of  no  little  difficulty,  and  ttivtily  copied  those  who  took  part  in  it  about  half  an  hour  cries  of  the  wounded  were  most  heart-:  •endinfy,  :the  floor  had  parted  it;  the  centre  Eke.  a  It  appeared  th  pair  of  folding  doors  The  cons  uence  was,  that  ;  those"
