text
"RESIGNATION  OF  THE  STORE-BEEPER,  A  letter  was  read  from  George  Hulme,  the  store-keeper  of  the  Workhouse,  begging  the  Guardi  a  n  s  to  accept  his  resigna resignation  tion resignation  of  that  office,  on  the  ground  of  ill  health,  and  thanking  them  for  past  favours.  _  Mr.  AipAss  moved  that  the  resignation  be  accepted,  and  that  the  clerk  be  instructed  to  insert  an  advertisement  in  the  several  new9apere,  for  a  successor.  Mr.  TirrimsELL  seconded  the  motion.  After  a  protracted  discussion,  during  which  several  amendments  were  moved  and  seconded,  on  a  division,  Mr.  Alpass's  motion  was  carried,  and  the  clerk  was  instructed  to  advertise  for  a  Store-keeper.  Mr.  KIRKIIS  gave  notice  that  he  should  move  the,  appoint appointment  ment appointment  of  Roberts  as  Store-keeper,  on  Wednesday  next.  THE  CHOLERA  A  letter  was  read  from  the  General  Board  of  Health,  requesting  to  be  furnished  with  a  return  of  the  localities  in  the  Union,  where  epidemic,  and  endemic  diseases  were  most  prevelent,  and  also  where  cases  of  cholera  and  diarrhoea  were  most  frequently  found  AixAss  said  that  since  the  last  visitation  of  cholera,  in  .1849,  they  had  not  had  such  arses  in  that  Union.  The  Rev.W.  BADNALL  directed  attention  to  the  locality  of  the  Old  Swan,  which  was  scarcely  ever  free  from  epidemic  disease  The  CLERK  suggested  the  propriety  of  applying  to  Mr.  Fitzpatrick  for  tho  names  of  the  localities  where  those  diseases  were  most  prevalent.  The  CHAIRMAN  considered  it  would  be  best  to  apply  to  the  medical  officers  of  the  Union.—This  suggestion  was  adopted.  The  Rev.  W.  BADNALL  said  that  most  of  the  gentlemen  present  would  recollect  a  conversation  which  took  place  on  the  Health  Committee,  at:  the  Town  Hall.  Dr.  Duncan  had  strongly  urged  the  necessity  of  house  to  house  visitation,  should  there  be  an  occasion  for  it,  by  the  breaking  out  of  cholera.  If  that  disease  should  break  out,  they  ought  to  be  prepared,  therefore,  he  would  suggest  that  the  officers  of  - STYLE=superscript  each  district  should  be  requested  to  furnish  the  names  of  two  persons  competent  to  carry  out  such  visitation.  It  had  becii  suggested  that  such  house  to  house  visitation  should  be  ,carried  out  by  lay-men  ;  but  he  had  understood  that  there"
