text
"GAROTTE  ROBBERY  AT  MANCHESTER,  Thomas  Darcy,  22,  stood  indicted  with  having,  on  the  22nd  of  October  last,  assaulted  azel  rubbed  the  prosecutor,  William  Fone  Smedley.  •  The  prosecutor,  a  potter,  was  going  home  on  the  22nd  of  October,  and  called  in  at  a  public-house  called  the  Weavers'  where  he  had  some  ale.  The  prisoner  was  there  with  a  party  :  When  he  had  got  a  short  distance  from  the  house  the  prisoner  followed  him  '  tripped  him  up,  and  when  he  wa  s  d  o  w  n  ,  he  cau  g  ht  h  o  ld  o  f  his  throat.  Another  person  came  up,  and  said  to  prisoner,  have  you  got  it  ?  He  had  six  half-crown  pieces  taken  from  his  pocket  by  the  prisoner.  Samuel  Sutcliffe,  the  waiter  of  the  Weavers'  with  proved  that  the  prosecutor  and  the  prisoner,  with  others,  were  in  the  house  ;  that  the  former  left,  and  was  followed  out  by  the  prisoner;  and  police-constable  Duckliffe  spoke  to  apprehending  the  prisoner  at  a  lodging-house,  when  he  said  was  not  him  that  did  the  robbery,  but  it  was  Murray  and  The  prisoner,  who  was  undefended,  simply  denied  the  robbery,  and  the  jury  acquitted  him.  HOUSEBREAKING  AT  CASTLETON.  Ames  Geldart,  18,  stood  indicted  with  having  burgla burglariously  riously burglariously  entered  the  dwelling-house  of  John  Buckley,  with  intent  to  commit  a  felony.  The  waiter  of  the  Stone  Masons'  kept  by  the  prosecutor,  stated,  on  the  morning  of  the  robbery  he  un unlocked  locked unlocked  the  cellar  door,  when  he  found  the  prisoner  amongst  the  coals.  He  asked  him  NI  hat  he  was  after  there,  and  he  said  he  was  warming  himself.  He  immediately  took  him  to  the  police  station.  The  prisoner  had  entered  the  cellar  by  the  Fratiug.  The  prisoner  denied  that  he  went  to  rob,  and  the  jury  acquitted  him,  his  Lordship  observing  that  it  was  6w  of:lnt-in/Ipr  . STYLE=superscript  !  t.hP  prisnnPr"
