text
"ENGLAND  AND  FRANCE.  WE  published  in  our  impression  of  Saturday  a  statement  respecting  the  intimation  of  the  Times,  that  the  sluzgi  of  the  British  fleet  in  the  Bosphorus,  and  their  a.O  of  the  Black  Sea  upon  the  announcement  of  the  affair  of  Sinope.  The  statement  was  a  denial,  upon  the  part  of  the  French  nation,  that  the  intimation  of  the  Times  was  true,  and  that  in  reality  it  was  the  French  who  were  anxious  to  Subjoined  is  the  answer  of  the  Times,  and  it  is  conveyed  in  such  close  and  precise  language  as  to  show  that  the  original  allegation  was  not  made  without  official  inspiration,  and  that  the  administration  of  Lord  Aberdeen  has  not  been  the  cause  of  that  inactivity  which  has  been  so  gravely  increased  by  the  country.  The  tone  of  the  article  in  which  the  Times  speaks  is  indicative  of  the  perfect  accor accordance  dance accordance  which  now  at  least  prevails  between  the  governments  of  England  and  France  :  The  French  government  have  shown,  we  are  well  aware,  a  strong  desire  to  act  with  this  country  in  the  East,  and  on  one  or  two  occasions  they  have  even  suggested  measures  to  which  the  QUEEN'S  Ministers  did  not  think  it  their  duty  to  accede.  Both  governments  have  given  very  large  powers  to  their  representatives  on  the  spot  ;  and,  in  a  case  like  that  of  the  attack  of  Sinope,  it  is  obvious  that  the  cabinets  of  Lon London  don London  and  Paris  are  physically  unable  to  give  any  directions  whatever  to  meet  such  an  emergency.  But,  whatever  in inference  ference inference  the  public  may  draw  from  the  fact,  we  have  the  strongest  reasons  to  believe  that  on  two  occasions  more  vigo vigorous  rous vigorous  measures  wereproposed  and  would  have  been  taken,  if  the  French  officershad  accededto  them.  Some  weeks  ago,  and  be before  fore before  M.  DE  LA  COTJR.  left  Constantinople,  Lord  STRATFORD  DE  lIRDCLPFFE  had  proposed—  as  was  well  known  and  publicly  stated  at  the  time  —to  send  a  steam  squadron,  consisting  of  three  vessels  of  each  nation,  for  the  purpose  of  cruizing  in  the  Black  Sea.  M.  DE  T  agreed  to  the  Pan,  and  it  is  rinu.  obTivua  now  useful  such  a  .pi.aro.  Luignt  nave  been  to  observe  the  movements  of  the  Russians,  and  perhaps  to  prevent  the  collisions  which'  have  since  taken  place.  Upon  grounds  of  his  own,  however,  Admiral  HAMELIN  first  postponed  and  then  declined  the  'proposition,  which  Lord  STRATFORD  did  not  think  it  ex--  pethent  to  carry  into  effect  without  the  concurrence  of  the  French.  Again,  when  the  proposal  to  .put  to  sea  was  made  by  Admiral  DUNDAS  on  the  2nd  of  December,  it  was  nega negatived  tived negatived  by  General  BARAGUAY  HILLIERS,  and  the  oppor opportunity  tunity opportunity  of  intercepting  the  Russian  fleet  on  its  return  from  Sinope  was  lost.  The  organs  of  France  in  this  country,  who  are  far  more  zealous  in  defence  of  Louis  NAPOLEON'S  policy  than  of  that  of  England,  may  dispute  these  facts  with  their  accustomed  urbanity  of  language.  We  believe  them  to  be  true,  and  we  will  add  that,  if  true,  they  have  pro probably  bably probably  caused  more  regret  and  annoyance  to  LOUIS  NAPOLEON  than  they  can  do  to  us.  We  do  not  doubt  the  sincerity  of  those  who  are  acting  with  us,  or  direct  accusations  against  men  in  a  difficult  position,  who  have  acted  upon  their  own  sense  of  duty.  Such  recriminations  should,  we  think,  be  entirely  avoided.  But  these  circumstances  only  serve  to  prove  more  evidently  the  necessity  of  a  concerted  plan  of  operations,  and  of  a  clear  definition  of  the  engagements  we  have  contracted  or  assumed.  It  is  satisfactory  to  know  that  subsequently  to  the  late  events,  and  by  the  last  deliberations  of  the  British  Government,  such  an  understanding  has  been  distinctly  established,  and  that  the  measures  be  taken  in  common  by  the  British  and  French  naval  forces  have  been  agreed  on.  If  any  difference  of  opinion  has  occurred  at  Constantinople,  it  has  doubtless  arisen  from  an  excessive  desire  not  to  prejudge  the  great  question  of  peace  and  war,  which  remained  to  be  decided  by  the  governments.  But  the  cabinets  of  France  and  England  were  never  more  tho thoroughly  roughly thoroughly  agreed  upon  the  course  it  has  become  necessary  to  pursue,  and  the  fleets  of  the  two  nations  are  probably  already  in  the  Black  Sea,  to  give  effect,  if  necessary,  to  the  addi;  tional  instructions  they  will  shortly  receive.  ST.  MAnTmes  MEr,  SCOTLAND-ROAD.—This  market,  which  is  situated  in  a  densely  populated  neighborhood,  chiefly  inhabited  by  the  poorer  classes,  was  amply  supplied  with  all  that  was  substantial  and  useful  ;  and  if  the  meats  did  not  possess  such  an  immense  quantity  of  rough  usually  exhibited  at  this  season  of  the  year,  they  possessed  a  far  greater  quality—that  of  providing  a  good  dinner  without  material  loss  to  the  buyer.  The  principal  display  was  on  the  right  hand  side  as  you  enter  the  market,  where  Mr.  Wil William  liam William  Lowcock  exhibited  two  fine  Cheviot  sheep,  bred  by  the  Duke  of  Buccleuch,  and  what  may  fitly  be  designated  as  a  monster  fed  by  Mr.  Sharpies  of  West  Derby.  The  other  exhibitors  who  had  an  extraordinary  display  were  Mr.  Trimmer  and  Mr.  Harvey  ;  the  meat,  comprising  beef,  mutton,  pork,  and  lamb,  being  excellent  as  to  quality.  From  the  preparations  that  are  being  made  by  all  the  occupants  of  this  market,  there  can  be  little  doubt  but  there  will  be  a  grand  display  this  evening.  THE  PRESTOS  STRIKE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT)  PRESTON,  DEC.  24.—N0  change  can  yet  be  reported  in  the  position  of  the  contending  parties.  The  returns  show  that  the  number  of  unemployed  hands  relieved  this  week  was  15,781;  last  week  15,608—increase  279.  The  amount  paid  to  the  hands  this  week  was  £2,938  12s.  Od;  last  week  £2,908  7s.  3d.—increase  £3O  6s.  9d.  Subjoined  is  a  list  of  the  total  sum  this  week  disbursed  in  relief  by  each  of  the  six  committees,  NO.  RELIEVED.  AMOUNT  £  s.  d.  Power-loom  weavers'  committee  10,121  1,921  9  0  Spinners'  and  self-actors'  committee  3,016  601  2  6  Card-room  hands'  committee  1,908  259  .0  6  Throstle  spinners'  committee  689  Power-loom  overlookers'  committee  189  58  13  3  29  0  0  Tape  machine  sizers'  committee  15,781  £2,938  12  0  To  the  above-named  sum  of  £2,938  12s.  must  be  added  the  expenses  incident  to  the  conduct  of  the  agitation,  consisting  of  the  following  items  :—delegates,  committees,  and  col collectors,  lectors, collectors,  £79,  3s.  6d.  '  •  rent,  postage,  and  sundries,  £l3  2S.  31d.;  printing  reports  and  posters,  £67  10s.  9d.;  additional  relief,  £ll5  2s.  7d.  It  thus  appears  that  the  total  expendi expenditure  ture expenditure  of  the  week  amounts  to  £3,213  11s.  1  id.  The  expenses  exclusive  of  relief  are  about  five  per  cent  on  the  snm  collected.  The  operative  spinners  had  a  meeting  in  the  Temperance  Hall  last  night,  when,  after  a  series  of  speeches,  the  annexed  resolution  was  adopted  we,  the  operative  spinners  and  minders  of  Preston,  do  still  resolve  to  have  our  just  and  equitable  demands  before  we  resume  Votes  of  thanks  were  passed  to  the  trades  of  England,  and  to  the  Blackburn  masters;  the  proceedings  being  wound  up  with  cheers  for  the  ten  per  cent.  _"
