text
"sty  was  s  PRUSSIA  Advices  dated  Berlin  January  17,  corroborate  the  Pacific  tidings  already  published,  and  declare  that  the  Russian  Government  has,  on  further  con consideration,  sideration, consideration,  decided  to  accept  the  Austrian  proposals  as  they  are,  doubtless  reserving  to  itself  the  patriotic  task  of  taking  off  their  edge,•and  blunting  their  point,  in  the  negotiations  which  will  neces necessarily  sarily necessarily  ensue.  In  the  temporary  abeyance  of  the  detailed  news  of  the  motives  that  have  led  to  this  further  pliancy  on  the  part  of  Russia,  official  men  here  attribute  this  last  pacific  resolution  to  the  urgent  remonstrances  and  representations  of  Prus Prussia,  sia, Prussia,  which  have  of  late  been  redoubled  both  in  number  and  empressement.  of  th  3  satisfaction  that  various  large  to  bear  in  mind  that  the  immediate  object  of  Rus Russia  sia Russia  at  the  present  moment  is  to  prevent  the  Austrian  Ministers  in  St.  Petersburg  from  asking  for  .his  passpOrts,  and  to  pave  the  way  for  peace  conferences  to  be  opened.  The  Cabinet  of  St.  Peters Petersburg  burg Petersburg  did  this  for  the  first  time  in  a  despatch  to  this  Government,  dated  Nov.  6.  1854,  for  the  purpose  of  inducing  the  German  PoWers  to  adopt  a  strict  neutrality,  and  exert  their  influence  to  prevent  the  Western  Powers  from  subsequently  .raising  their  terms.  As  this  offer  was  rejected,  by  the  Cabinet  of  Berlin,  with  very  unmistakeable  expressions  of  resentment  at  the  tone  assumed  in  the  Russian  despatch,  and  the  cabinet  of  St  Petersburg  was  urged  to  accept  the  four  points  without  reservation  and  alteration,  Prince  Gorts Gortschakoff  chakoff Gortschakoff  was  instructed  to  do  so  Nov.  28.  That  was  the  second  acceptance,  and  a  third  one  took  place  January  the  7th  of  last  year,  at  the  second  con  ference.  It  remains  to  be  seen  whether  Russia  means  her  acceptance  this  time  to  be  more  sincere  than  on  the  former  occasions  ;  then  the  point  de  depart  showed  itself  (as  has  been  already  mentioned)  to  be  a  point  to  be  departed  from,  not  merely  a  point  to  set  out  from.  The  Prince  and  Princess  of  Prussia  arrived  at  Berlin  at  the  beginning  of  last  week  with  their  daughter,  the  Princess  Louisa,  who  will  hold  a  species  of  drawing  roam  to-morrow,  at  noon,  to  receive  the  congratulations  of  the  Court  on  occasion  of  her  betrothal  to  the  Prince  Regent  of  Baden.  The  bridegroom  arrived  yesterday,  and  since  then,  also  in  preparation  for  the  approaching  ceremony,  the  Grand  Duke  of  Saxe  Weimar,  the  Duke  of  Coburg  and  Gotha,  and  the  Hereditary  Prince  of  Anhalt  Dessau.  On  the  14th  instant  the  House  of  Notables  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  the  election  of  a  President,  in.the  room  of  Prince  Pless,  deceased.  In  consequence  of  its  having  been  spread  abroad  by  the  Kreuz  Z.  Rung,  that  the  late  President  had  always  wished  his  suc successor  cessor successor  to  be  Prince  Adolphe  zu  Hohenlohe  Ingel Ingelfingen,  fingen, Ingelfingen,  the  said  nobleman  was  elected,  but  only  with  the  exact  number  of  votes  necessary,  upon,  which  he  mounted  the  President's  rostrum  and  acknowledged  the  distinction  conferred  upon  him  in  very  modest  and  manly  terms,  but—in  his  General's  uniform.  The  internal  discontent  in  Russian  had  risen  to  a  fearful  height.  The  latest  news  was  that,  a  number.of  students  at  the  Finland  University  had  been  sent  to  prison  for  drinking  Success  to  the  and  Prosperty  to  It  was  felt  at  St.  Petersburg  that  another  campaign  in  the  Baltic  would  have  dissevered  Finland  from  Russia.  Switzerland  still  continues  to  b  3  visited  by  shoe  ks  of  earthquake.  On  the  afternoon  of  the  sth  sharp  shocks  were  felt  at  Briggs,  in  the  Upper  Val  iis,  at  Aaron,  ar.d  at  Interlaoken  ;  an  in  the  night  of  the  7th  a  shock  was  felt  at  Lode.  The  Journal  of  the  Two  Siciliee  mentions  three  shocks  of  earthquake  experienced  on  the  2d  at  Settefrati  and  San  Donato,  in  the  provinces  of  Terra  di  LAvoro,  and  at  Nicastro  in  Calabria.  No  damage  was  done  in  any  of  those  places.  THE  PORTUGUESE  GOVERNMENT.—The  government  of  Portugal  has  at  length  settled  its  debts  in  this  country.  Senor  Fontes  has  arranged  with  Mr.  Thornton,  (chairman  of  the  Bondholders'  Committee)  the  basis  of  a  conversion  per  r  r  c  c  e  e  n  n  t  t  in  bo  d  n  e  df  d  ;  0  6  .  :  of  the  stock  held  by  the  bondholders.  The  Portuguese  classes  of  stock,  as  under  :—On  five  per  g  eo  o  n  v  v  er  e  n  r  T  s  n  i,  T,  d  i  a  n  te  a  d  d  o  di  e  t  e  ir  18  t  ,  o  18  th  52  e  ,  g  te  iv  r  e  m  t  s  he  o  h  f  o  t  l  h  d  e  ers  d  e  ec  f  r  v  e  a  e  rio  fo  u  r  s  p  ir  e STYLE=superscript  o  r STYLE=superscript  m  c STYLE=superscript  e  i  n  B6  t  , STYLE=superscript  3  i  .  n  o  d  n  ef  f  e  o  r  u  r  r  ed  pe  t  r  hr  e  e  e  e  nt  p  b  e  o  r  n  c  d  e  s  n  ,  t  stock,  with  interest  do.;  and  with  regard  to  the  debentures,  it  is  understood  that,  in  a  ddi  tion  to  the  terms  of  the  decree  of  the  18th  of  ee., STYLE=superscript  185, STYLE=superscript  the  holders  of  such  debentures  are  to  receive  I STYLE=superscript  _  ool STYLE=superscript  .  Thre  e  per  cent  active  stock  f  or  ever  y  1001  of  such  debentures;  and,  in  addition  to  the  above,  a  certificate  shall  be  given,  entitling  the  holder  of  every  100 STYLE=superscript  1.  Three  per  cent  stock  'co  one  per  cent  annually,  or  any  smaller  sum  that  may  arise  from  surplus  profits  of  the  railways,  to  be  constructed  out  or  the  proposed  loans, STYLE=superscript  viz.,  such  surplus  to  be  calculated  on  the  basis  of  the  annual  cost  of  interest  by  which  capital  has  e  construction.  the  b  en  raised  for  their"
