text
"THE  LARGEST  ASSORTMENT  OF  WINTER  GARMENTS  in  LIVERPOOL,  of  Superior  Cut  and  Workmanship,  At  Wm.  EARP  and  CO.'S,  59  and  61,  LORD  STREET.  Sir  W.  NAPIER  writes  that  no  documents  can  be  produced  relating  to  his  brother  the  late  Sir  C.  Napier  which  could  give  pain  to  his  surviving  friends.  What  can  the  term  suggest  ?  THE  SCREW  STEAM-PACKET  BRILLIANT  left  South Southampton  ampton Southampton  yesterday,  with  passengers,  ship  mails,  and  cargo,  for  Madeira,  Bahia,  Pernambuco,  and  Rio  de  Janeiro.  This  is  the  first  extra  steam-packet  that  has  been  sent  to  the  Brazils  from  Southampton.  The  Brilliant  has  hitherto  been  confined  to  the  Madeira  passage.  She  is  expected  in  England  in  March  next.  TESTIMONIAL  TO  THE  PRINCIPAL  OF  THE  CHESTER  TRAINING  COLLEGE.—On  Wednesday  December  21st,  a  deputation  from  a  body  of  masters  trained  at  this  Institu Institution,  tion, Institution,  presented  to  the  Rev.  Arthur  Rigg,  M.  A.,  the  Principal,  a  Silver  Tea  and  Coffee  service,  together  with  an  address  expressive  of  their  kind  feelings  towards  himself  and  Mrs.  Rigg.  LONDON  POLICE—INCREASE  OF  PAY.—The  police  com committee  mittee committee  of  of  the  City  of  London  has  agreed  to  augment  the  pay  of  the  police,  which  from  the  first  of  January  next  will  rate  as  follows  :—Pay  from  the  Ist  of  January,  1854,  £2  15s.  •  £2  10s.  ;  £1  Bs.  ;  £1  10s.  '  •  £1  35.:  £1  2s.  ;  £1  Os.  ;  11  Os.  ;£1  Os.  After  the  same  date  parties  cannot  be  ap appointed  pointed appointed  to  the  police  unless  they  be  sft.  Bin.  in  height  and  under  32  years  of  age.  The  South  American  and  general  steam  navigation  com company's  pany's company's  steam-ship  Brazilian,  Capt  Cox,  sails  to-day,  at  One  p.m.,  for  Lisbon,  Brazils,  and  the  River  Plate.  She  takes  out  a  full  and  most  valuable  cargo  of  English  and  French  manufactured  goods,  specia,  va  '  ue  £lOOO,  and  thirty  pas passengers.  sengers. passengers.  The  hom  ewar  d-b  o  und  vessel,  the  Lady  Eglington,  may  be  expected  to  arrive  from  the  7th  to  the  10th  of  January.  SIR  JOSEPH  TELACRWELL.—The  corporation  of  Cork,  with  the  ultra  mayor,  Mr.  Maguire,  M.P.,  at  its  head,  has  presented  a  congratulatory  address  to  Sir  Joseph  Thackwell,  G.C.8.,  whom,  together  with  Lady  Thackwell  t  they  el..  as  children  had  01,  thet  be  g  g  i  o  c  o  to  d  r  iie.  fortune  airo  v  JsOesrepe  hish,in  his  sovereign  re STYLE=superscript  pl STYLE=superscript  yand  says,  he  has  country  in  the  fields  of  the  Peninsula,  Waterloo,  Affghan Affghanistan,  istan, Affghanistan,  and  Judea  ;  a  tolerably  extensive  sphere  of  exploits.  The  Cork  Constitution  furnishes  us  with  a  gratifying  indication  of  the  progress  national  of  that  country.  Would  that  the  same  evidences  were  universal  to  that  country.  A  magnificent  vessel,  the  Mary  Hardy,  built  for  Messrs.  Hardy,  Cork,  merchants,  says  that  journal,  was  launched  on  Friday  last.  She  is  intended  for  the  East  India  trade,  being  500  tons  burthen,  and  having  accommodation  for  at  least  20  passengers.  This  vessel  was  about  eighteen  months  building,  and  cost  nearly  £lO,OOO.  She  has  been  registered  A  1,  for  13  years,  12  years  being  the  maximum  period  heretofore  obtained  for  Cork  built  vessels.  She  is  built  without  a  particle  of  iron,  being  constructed  entirely  of  timber  and  copper.  WHOLESALE  ROBBERIES  BY  A  DOMESTlC.—Yesterday,  at  the  Manchester  city  police-court,  a  female  named  Mary  Hill  was  charged  with  having  robbed  two  or  three  persons  in  whose  houses  she  had  obtained  a  temporary  shelter.  llrs.  Pyburn,  of  Upper  Medl2ck-street,  stated—That  on  the  Ist  of  July,  the  prisoner,  whom  she  had  previously  known,  came  to  her  in  the  appearance  of  a  beggar.  Mrs.  Pyburn  asked  how  it  was  that  the  prisoner  come  to  be  so  reduced,  and  she  answered  that  it  was  in  consequence  of  the  death  of  her  husband  some  time  previously.  Mrs.  Pyburn  then  agreed  to  let  her  stop  with  her,  which  she  did,  from  the  Ist  to  the  13th  July.  On  the  13th  of  July  the  prisoner  told  the  prosecutrix  that  there  was  a  mall  of  the  name  of  Kemp  who  owed  her  some  money,  and  that  if  she  would  go  to  see  Kemp  about  the  money  she  (the  prisoner)  would  watch  the  house  until  she  came  back.  Accordingly  Mrs.  Pyburn  wont  out  in  search  of  Kemp,  and  on  her  return  found  that  the  woman  had  decamped,  taking  with  her  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel,  of  the  value  of  131.  A  little  boy,  son  of  the  prosecutrix,  saw  the  woman  leave  the  house  with  a  large  bundle  in  her  possession.  Some  of  the  goods  were  afterwards  found  pawned  in  a  shop  in  the  neigh neigh-3ourhood.  3ourhood. neigh-3ourhood.  Another  respectable  married  woman  got  up  and  said  that  the  prisoner,  after  being  a  few  weeks  in  her  service,  left  her  employment,  taking  with  her  a  large  quantity  of  wearing  apparel.—Committed  to  take  her  trial  at  the  sessions.  THE  KENT  DIGGINGS.—One  day  last  week,  as  Mr.  Delevau  formerly  in  the  coast  guard  service,  was  walking  near  Crots•  gate,  near  Mr.  Bigg's  farm,  Minster,  Sheppy,  he  saw  some•  thing  glittering  on  the  ground;  he  picked  it  up,  and  found  i  to  be  a  nugget  of  gold  attached  to  a  stone,  which  ho  sold  for  31  —sogie  Eastern  Gazette."
