text
"no  hu  liiianyo  from  those  rbeto-  ries)  expressions  e  duty  of  pa.tien  ander  iniu  ries  is  enjoined,  he  deduced  the  &amp;trine  that  against  pirates  and  assassins  is  unlawful.  On  the  other  hand,  the  plain  commands  to  baptize  with  water,  and  to  partake  Qf  tread  And  wine  in  commemoration  of  the  redemption  of  mankind,  he  pronounced  to  be  allegorical.  He  long  wandered  from  place  to  place,  teaching  this  strange  theology,  shaking  like  an  aspen  leaf  in  :his  paroxysm  of  fanatical  excitement,  forcing  lljS  way  into  churches,  which  he  nicknamed  steeple  houses,  interrupting  prayers  and  ser sermons  mons sermons  with  clamour  and  scurrility,  and  pestering  rectors  and  justices  with  episiles  much  resembling  burlesques  of  those  sablime  odes  in  which  the  Hebrew  prophets  foretold  the  calamities  of  Babylon  Tyre.  He  soon  aequired  great  notoriety  by  these  feats.  His  strange  face  his  straneT!chant,  hiS  immovable  hat,  and  his  leather  breeches,  were  known  all  over  the  country  ;  and  he  boasts  that,  as  soon  as  the  rumour  was  heard,  The  man  in  leather  breeches  is  corning,'  3 STYLE=superscript  terror  seized  hypocritical  professors,  and  hireling  priests  made  haste  to  get  out  of  the  way.  He  was  repeatedly  imprisoned  and  set  in  the  stocks,  some sometimes  times sometimes  justly,  for  disturbing  the  public  worship  of  congre congregations';  gations'; congregations';  and  sometimes  unjustly,  for  merely  talking  non nonsense.  sense. nonsense.  Ho  soon  gathered  round  him  a  body  of  disciples,  some  of  whom  went  beyond  himself  in  absurdity.  He  has  told  us  that  one  of  his  friends  walked  naked  through  Skiptong  declaring  the  truth,  and  that  another  was  divinely  moved  to  go  naked  during  several  years  to  market-places,  and  to  the  houses  of  the  gentlemen  and  clergymen.  Fox  complains  bitterly  that  these  pious  acts,  prompted  by  the  Holy  Spirit,  were  requited,  by  an  un,  toward  generation,  with  hooting,  peltiee,  coachvvhipping,  and  horsewhipping.  But  though  he  applauded  the  zeal  of  the  sufferers,  he  did  not  go  quite  to  their  lengths.  He  sometimes,  indeed,  was  impelled  to  strip  himself  partially.  Thui  he  pulled  off  his  shoes  and  walked  barefoot  through  Lichfield,  crying,  Woe  to  the  bloody  But  it  does  not  appear  the*,  he  ever  thought  it  his  duty  to  appear  before  the  public  without  that  decent  garment  from  which  his  popular  appellation  was  derived.  If  we  forrri  our  judgment  of  George  Fox  simply  by  looking  at  his  own  actions  and  writings,  we  shall  see  no  reason  for  placing  him,  morally  and  intellec intellectually'  tually' intellectually'  above  Luvowick  Muggleton  or  Johanna,  Southeote.  But  it  would  be  most  unjust  to  rank  the  sect  which  re regards  gards regards  him  as  its  founder  with  the  Muggletonians  or  the  Southcotians.  It  charmed  that  aroonfr  the  thm,..na.  whom  his  enthusiasm  infected  were  a  feii  persons  whose  abilities  and  attainments  were  of  a  very  different  order  from  his  own.  Robt.  Barclay  was  a  man  of  considerablc  parts  and  learning.  Wm.  Ponn,  though  inferior  to  Bare  in  both  natural  and  acqpired  abilities,  was  a  gent!  and  a  scholar.  That  such  men  should  have  , STYLE=superscript  becom€  the,  followers  of  George  Fox  ought  not  to  astonish  any  person  who  remembers  highly  cultivated  intellects  4  what  ,  quick,  vigorous,  are  in  our  time  duped  by  ne  truth  is  ;  that  no  powers  of  Igainst  errors  of  this  description.  .d  way  with  an,  highest  faculties  can  diseover  little  s STYLE=superscript  more  t  m STYLE=superscript  han  the STYLE=superscript  the  means  t  l STYLE=superscript  .  In  thealop.,y  the  interval  is  small  indeed  between  Aristotle  and  a  child,  between  Archimedes  and  a  naked  savage.  It  is  not  strange,  therefore,  that  wise  men,  weary  of  investigation,  tormented  by  uncertainty,  longing  to  believe  something,  and  yet  seeing  objections  to  every  thing,  should  submit.  themselves  absolutely  to  teachers  who,  with  firm  and  undoubting  faith,  lay  claim  to  a  supernatural  commission.  Thus  we  frequently  see  inquisitive  and  restless  spirits  take  refuge  from  their  own  scepticism  in  the  bosom  of  a  church  which  pretends  to  infallibility,  and  after  question questioning  ing questioning  the  existence  of  a  Deity,  bring  themselves  to  worship  a  wafer.  - STYLE=superscript  And  thus  it  was  t  hat  Fox  made  some  converts  to  whom  he  was  immeasurably  inferior  in  everything  except  the  energy  of  his  convictions.  By  these  converts  his  rude  doctrines  were  polished  into  a  form  somewhat  less  shocking  to  good  sense  and  good  taste.  No  proposition  which  he  had  laid  down  was  retracted,  No  indecent  act  which  he  had:done,  or  approved,  was  condemned  ;  but  what  was  most  grossly  absurd  in  his  theories  and  pranti'--  the  unknown  tom  mind  constitut  ecurity  a  Touching  God  and  II  softened  down  at  least  not  014  whateve  mla  be  fairest  light  ;  his  gil  d  into  Er  e  been  quite  unable  to  les  ;  and  his  system,  so  improved  thati  fended  by  flume'  1,  was  d  ous  eitz  from?  however,  fix__  _,  to  profess,and  doubtless  to  feel,  profound  r  and  his  crazy  epistles  were  to  the  last  re  _  ___  ____  i  d  ll  t  -fields.  e  .  Several  with  respect  'n  Quaker  meetings  all  Over  the  count  r  y.  death  produced  a  sensation  which  was  not  confined  to  lus  own  diseiplea.  On  the  'morning  of  th  e  f  unera  l  a  great  multitude  assembled  round  the  m  ee  ti  ng  -h  ouse  in  Grace Gracechurch-street.  church-street. Gracechurch-street.  Thence  the  co  r  p  se  was  borne  to  the  fi  un STYLE=superscript  ll  h STYLE=superscript  e  orators  sgardodurneds  addressed  the  e  e  c  s  r  e  o  c  w  t  d  n  w  ea  h  r  ich  ß,  met  ery.—  Macaulay's  History.  ho  had  remodelled  his"
