text
"2  .111,232 STYLE=superscript  ic.  2 STYLE=superscript  .  ,. STYLE=superscript  ..11.1111  THE  RUGELEY  POISONING  CASES.  ADJOURNED  INQUEST  ON  THE  BODY  OF  MR  WALTER  PALMER,  (PROM  OUR  OWN  RtPORTER.)  R  TUESDAY  .  The  inquiry  i  n  t  o  the  cause  of  the  UGELEY, STYLE=superscript  death  of  Mr.  NiGHT STYLE=superscript  Walter  Palmer,  of  Rugeley,  who  is  alleged  to  have  been  poisoned  At  Stafford,  in  August  last,  by  his  brother,  William  Palmer,  surgeon,  was  resumed  this  morning  before  Mr.  William  Webb  Ward,  the  district  county  coroner.  The  .'court  was  again  crowded.  Mr.  Robert  Hughes  was  the  first  witness  examined.  Ile  'said  :  lam  a  surgeon,  residing  at  Stafford;  on  the  2nd  of  December,  1854,  I  made  an  examination  of  Mr.  Walter  Palmer,  in  conseq.ience  of  receiving  a  notice  from  the  Solicitors  and  General  Life  Assurance  Society,  that  his  brother,  William  Palnvr,  wished  to  effect  an  insurance  on  his  life.  Air.  Walter  Palmer  called  at  my  house  for  the  Purpose  of  examination,  in  company  with  his  brother,  William  Palmer  ;  I  made  an  examination  of  Walter  Palmer,  and  certified  to  the  office  that  his  -  -was  good;  I  did  not  discover  that  he  was  suffering  from  any  disease  at  all,  and  the  only  remark  I  made  was,  that  'one  of  his  pulse  was  feeble  ;  In  my  private  report  I  stated  to  the  company  that  from  the  habits  of  the  persons  with  whom  he  associated,  and  not  from  personal  examination  :  the  prospects  of  longevity  were  not  so  good  as  in  the  case  of  a  healthy  person,  of  temperate  habits  ;  I  made  this  communication  in  consequence  of  information  I  privately  wetelved  ;  I  had  also  heard  that  he  had  had  one  fit  of  delirium  tremens,  which  he  himself  afterwards  confirmed  to  me  ;  at  that  time,  I  was  not  on  intimate  terms  with  the  deceased;  I  heard  Dr.  Taylor's  evidence  yesterday  ;  y  opinion,  before  hearing  Dr.  Taylor's  evidence,  en entirely  tirely entirely  agreed  with  it;  to  intoxicate  means  to  poison;  my  'opinion,  before  hearing  Dr.  Taylor's  evidence,  was,  that  the  deceased  had  been  poisoned  by  gin.  By  Mr.  Smith:  In  my  opinion  the  continued  use  of  gin  as  spoken  to  yesterday  would  destroy  life  ;  I  think  poi poisoning  soning poisoning  by  a  proper  term,  and  I  adhere  to  it;  I  have  never  seen  a  person  poisoned  by  prussic  acid  or  morphia;  I  cannot  say  whether  prussic  acid  would  cause  sterto stertorouse  rouse stertorouse  breathing  or  not;  1  have  heard  no  evidence  to  change  the  opinion  I  have  formed  that  the  deceased  died  from  excessive  drinking;  it  depends  upon  a  person's  con constitution  stitution constitution  as  to  how  much  liquor  will  cause  poison  by  kioxication  ;  one  person  might  live  to  an  old  age  though  drinking  a  deal,  whilst  another  person  would  be  poisoned  at  once  by  the  same  quantity.  'l  Mr.  Smith  :  Why,  this  is  no  evidence,  because  it  'amounts  to  nothing  else  than  a  vague  opinion.  I  knew  two  men,  one  of  whom  was  a  teetotaller,  and  the  other  :never  went  to  bed  sober,  and  yet  they  both  lived  to  the  •age  of  92.  teral  health  By  the  Coroner  :  Apoplexy  sometimes  follows  an:attack  uf  delirium  tremens.  Dr.  Monckton,  physician,  of  Rugeley,  examined  the  20th  of  December,  I  made  a  post  mortem  examination  of  the  body  of  the  deceased  ;  the  case  was  that  of  a  man  of  middle  statue,  and  broad  build,  with  very  considerable  corpulence;  decomposition  had  commenced,  and  proceeded  to  some  extent,  especially  about  the  head  and  neck,  and  the  whale  of  the  posterior  ;  that  is  the  most  dependent  position  of  the  body  ;  the  exterior  presented  no  Marks  of  the  violence  ;  there  was  no  dropsical  uenditioll  of  the  surface,  except  that  about  the  head  and  face,  'which  was  clearly  the  usual  effect  of  decorntosition  ;  tae  body  . STYLE=superscript  was  well  nourished,  much  fat  being  found  where  h  is  usually  deposited;  the  blood  had  almost  entirely  soaked  out  of  the  body  ;  the  brain  was  so  disorganised  by  'decomposition  that  I  could  form  no  opinion  of  its  state  at  the  time  of  death  ;  the  lungs  at  one  or  two  points  were  :adherent  to  the  walls  of  the  chest  ;  this  is  by  no  means  an  'unusual  appearance,  although  certainly  a  diseased  one,  but  is  in  fact,  a  very  common  condition  ;  the  lungs  were  'somewhat  decomposed,  but  not  to  such  an  extent  as  to  prevent  my  discovering  evidence  of  disease  of  an  organic  nature,  that  had  existed  during  life.  The  liver  was  some somewhat  what somewhat  larger  and  harder  than  usual,  but  showed  no  other  external  evidence  of  disease  ;  the  kilneys  were  rather  softer  than  ordinary,  but  I  am  not  prepared  to  say  whether  this  was  the  result  of  a  fortuitous  accident  or  of  disease  during  life;  the  external  appearance  of  both  was  healthy,  and  on  taking  a  section  of  one  it  did  not  present  an  un unhealthy.  healthy. unhealthy.  appearance.  The  other  was  unexamined  by  ane,  because  saved  with  the  other  viscera  in  one  of  the  jars  sent  to  Professor  Taylor  ;  the  whole  length  of  the  alimentary  canal,  including  the  mouth,  throat,  palate,  'and  intestines,  were  carefully  examined,  with  the  exception  of  those  portions  enclosed  in  the  jars,  and  , STYLE=superscript  throughout  the  whole  extent,  the  tube  exhibited  no  evidence  of  disease  ;  the  only  thing  remarkable  was  the  unusually  empty  state  of  the  stomach  and  bowels  —there  being  but  a  very  small  quantity  of  food  or  excrement  present,  and  that  only  in  the  ccecum;  near  the  entrance  to  the  windpipe,  far  back  in  the  throat,  a  rather  unusual  appearance  presented  itself,  and  as  such  must  be  men mentioned  tioned mentioned  :  it  was  a  light,  oval,  prominent  substance,  about  the  size  of  a  tulip  ;  I  believe  it  was  an  enlarged  gland,  and  wholly  unconnected  with  the  death  of  the  deceased;  so  far,  therefore,  as  the  condition  of  the  body  allowed  me  to  form  an  opinion,  I  found  no  organic  disease,  no  change  of  structure,  sufficient  to  account  for  death  ;  the  duodenum,  the  stomach  and  intestine-a,  one  kidney,  and  a  portion  of  the  larynx  and  pilarynx,  the  liver,  spleen,  heart,  and  half  of  the  lune.  6,  were  encl  ose  d  i  n  three  glazed  earthen earthenware  ware earthenware  jara,  duly  labelled:a  n  d  secured,  and  delivered  by  me  into  tLie  hands  of  Inspector  Ellis  Crisp,  on  Saturday  4',,ening,  Dec.  the  22nd.  By  the  Coroner:  I  have  heard  the  other  evidence,  and  from  that  and  the  post  mortem  examination,  in  the  absence  o  I  f  any  other  cause  occurring  within  a  short  time  of  death,  can  form  no  other  opinion  than  that  the  deceased  died  from  a  fit  of  apoplexy;  the  habits  of  the  deceased,  as  given  in  evidence,  would  be  quite  sufficient  in  m  o  to  account  for  suc  h  apoplexy  taking  place.  y  pinion,  Mr.  Deane  :  Is  it  incompatible  with  the  symptoms  described  that  death  took  place  from  prussic  acid  ?  'Witness  :  By  Mr.  Smith  :  The  heart  was  flaccid  and  collapsed,  like  an  old  bladder  ;  the  kidneys  were  soft,  but  I  did  not  find  them  diseased  ;  should  say  that  the  kidneys  would  be  the  last  organ  from  which  the  blood  would  soak;  I  could  not  speak  to  there  being  any  congestion  other  than  that  which  I  discovered  from  post  mortem  causes;  the  liver  I  found  harder  and  larger  than  natural,  but  I  did  not  con consider  sider consider  it  in  a  generally  diseased  state,  although  to  some  extent  diseased.  By  the  Coroner  :  There  is  a  'smell  from  prussic  acid,  but  it  would  not  be  detected  except  immediately  pre preceding  ceding preceding  or  after  death,  because  it  is  exceedingly  volatile;  if  mixed  with  brandy,  the  smell  would  be  entirely  over overpowered  powered overpowered  ;  the  brand  y, STYLE=superscript  alone  would  smell,  and  not  the  prussic  acid.  trom  pr  By  Mr.  Smith  :  I  h  ave  never  seen  a  person  suffering  prussic  acid,  but  I  have  been  at  the  post  mortem  examination  of  a  man  who  died  from  prussic  acid.  A  Juror  :  In  three  months  after  death  would  you  be  able  to  discover  traces  of  prussic  acid,  on  a  post  mortem  examination  ?  Witness  :  Oh,  no.  In  the  case  I  am  speaking  of,  the  post  mortem  was  made  within  an  hour  after  death,  and  there  were  no  traces.  I  The  Coroner  :  Did  you  ever  see  a  post  mortem  examine.  tion  of  a  person  who  had  died  from  drinking  gin  or  other  ardent  spirits  ?  Witness  :  Why,  not  particularly,  but  of  course  I  mus  t  have  been  present  when  post  mortem  examinations  have  been  made  of  persons  who  have  died  from  the  effects  of  drinking  ardent  spirits.  Ellis  Crisp,  Inspector  of  police,  to  receivin  three  jars  containing  the  contents  deposed STYLE=superscript  of  the  body  of  the  g STYLE=superscript  deceased  from  Dr.  Monekton,  on  the  22nd  December,  and  delivering  them  to  Dr.  Taylor  on  th  Palmer,  No.e  24th,  at  the  laboratory  at  1,2,  Guy's  Ho STYLE=superscript  spital;  they  were  labelled  chemical STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Deane  here  proposed  to  call  the  gentlemen  repre representing  senting representing  the  insurance  companies,  but  The  Coroner  observed  he  thought  it  irregular  in  the  present  stage  of  the  proceedings.  In  ordinary  cases  (and  he  did  not  see  why  the  present  case  should  prove  an  ex exception)  ception) exception)  his  rule  was  to  take  first  evidence  as  to  the  cause  of  death.  Now  several  medical  gentlemen  had  been  called,  and  expressed  a  decided  opinion  as  to  the  cause  of  death,  and  before  any  other  class  of  evidence  was  produced  he  thought  that  if  there  was  any  further  evidence  as  to  the  cause  of  death  which  might  alter  the  opinions  formed  by  the  jury  on  the  medical  evidence,  which  they  had  already  beard,  it  ought  now  to  he  brought  forward.  Mr.  Cornelius,  Waddell,  of  Stafford,  examined.  He  said:  I  attended  Mr.  Walter  Palmer  professionally  as  a  surgeon,  in  November,  1854;  I  examined  him  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  his  brother  William  speaking  to  me  some  days  before,  and  saying  his  brother  was  poorly.  I  called  upon  Walter,  and  found  him  suffering  from  a  slight  attack  of  delirium  tremens  ;  he  told  me  it  was  the  result  of  consi considerable  derable considerable  trouble  and  excessive'  drinking  ;  he  considered  trouble  had  quite  as  much  to  do  with  his  attack  as  drink  I  never  k  new  trou  b  le  cause  delirium  tremens  without  the  drink  ;  he  had  not  had  an  attack  before  that  period  :  I  had  heard  that  he  was  a  general  free  liver,  but  I  did  not  know  he  was  a  drunkard  ;  I  attended  him  more  or  less  for  six  weeks.  and  in  addition  for  disease  of  the  digestive  organs  ;  the  pulse  was  scarcely  ever  disturbed,  and  the  s STYLE=superscript  ymptoms  of  deliriu  m  tremens  su  b  sided  in  three  days;  at  the  end  of  th  e  s  i  x  weeks  I  left  him  in  good  health  ;  he  had  a  great  inclination  to  be  intemperate,  but  the  person  in  the  house  restrained  him  within  the  bounds  of  moderation  ;  Thomas  Walkerdine  lived  with  him  at  that  time;  I  have  not  since  then  attended  ce  him  professionally  ;  r;  have  fre STYLE=superscript  qeently  seen  him  sin.  The  certificates  produced  —h"
