text
"v  ice  sse  ls STYLE=superscript  '  fro°  NII°  I STYLE=superscript  ,Sselid4  ,  ________  '  n.S STYLE=superscript  SIA  AND  TURKEY  41/ER  •  ,•  INTELLIGENCE  URRISH  DEFEAT.  Ile  s STYLE=superscript  4  ,  l STYLE=superscript  '&#34;'  our STYLE=superscript  Second  Edition  of  Yesterday,)  s  a  b  lv STYLE=superscript  s  of  the  Russian  victory  was  brought  to  1 STYLE=superscript  th  e  l,  a STYLE=superscript  n  aid-de-camp  of  Prince  Menschikoff,  ,beau  forwarded  to  Vienna  by  telegraph.  It  !Itx  N4.  arm  e  d  by  , STYLE=superscript  advices  from  Bucharest.  kit  we  '  .  MorinAv.—The  last  Turkish  vessels  4  .„  1 STYLE=superscript  ,e,  destroyed  had  each  800  soldiers,  be bebey,  bey, bebey,  rerYinen,  on  board,  and  a  large  sum  of  ~  A  e STYLE=superscript  ing  bound  for  the  east  coast  of  the  Black  'lle  fourteenthb  vessel  escaped  undamaged.  i  i  e.  a STYLE=superscript  r  ,ttle  began  at  an  hour's  distance  from  Nat  C STYLE=superscript  onstantinople.unthe  2nd,  nothing  was  known  of  the  itt4  i  The  Turks  were  success success,.  ,. success,.  7  ,  :n  .  ttatit.,  H  i  es  contains  a  most  important  leading  arti arti‘„„ligthat  ‘„„ligthat arti‘„„ligthat  the  news  of  the  naval  victory  has  now  ~,roborated  by  several  channels,  and  by  a  he',  a STYLE=superscript  nnouncement  in  the  official  journal  of  ti  o  War  has  begun  in  earnest;  hostilities  ci  e STYLE=superscript  °nfined  to  the  occupation  of  the  Principali  to  a  few  partial  encounters  of  the  hostile  the STYLE=superscript  appear  to  have  assumed  on  the  Black  e  (  ..,h_  ,  ro  ,.  at  acter  of  direct  aggression,  and  the.  •  i  ''  of  Russia  has  thrown  down  the  gauntlet  iil  ar STYLE=superscript  atime  powers,  precisely  on  that  element  ell  th  e  y  are  best  prepared  to  meet  him.  .  T STYLE=superscript  unes  has  thought  it  its  duty  to  uphold  and  'tithe,,  cause  of  peace,  as  long  as  peace  was  t  r  y  ule  with  the  honor  and  dignity  of  the  t  4)  and  feels  no  regret  that  to  the  very  last  it  k  r  e STYLE=superscript  red  to  a  course  of  policy  which  a  just  con coniltz,  iltz, coniltz,  the  best  i  n  terests  of  England,  and  of  the  ~4  World  prescribed.  'But  the  Times  has  never  1 STYLE=superscript  41  i  its  opinion  that  the  events  in  the  East  t STYLE=superscript  'olN  e STYLE=superscript  re  long  compel  us  to  meet  by  it  more  j  , STYLE=superscript  ;  Measure,  such  an  alternative,  and  'et  i  :  s STYLE=superscript  ies  has  repeatedly  urged  upon  the  t  y  a STYLE=superscript  gent  of  England  and  France  the  ne ne.4  .4 ne.4  of  being  prepared  with  a  plan  of  op op‘i:  ‘i: op‘i:  adapted  to  such  an.  emergency.  If  the  ,  ; STYLE=superscript  t  received  be  confirmed  in  the  manner  leas STYLE=superscript  the  ti  me  f  or  these  resolutions  to  take  ,  4  tt,  l STYLE=superscript  a  already  come.  The  article  then  re re'  ' re'  I„  t STYLE=superscript  ile  great  perplexity  and  uncertainty  44:  4 STYLE=superscript  ging  over  the  details  of  this  unfor unfor'4l.  '4l. unfor'4l.  %pat.  The  accounts  received  are  alto altot,,  t,, altot,,  ,-Kussian  statements.  The  squadron  f,  ) STYLE=superscript  ,`'ahl  a  convoy,  bound  with  troops  and  tt  Some  point  on  the  coast  of  Asia,  and  the  it  .probable  version  of  the  story  .  appears  to  be  %Russian  cruizers  pursued  this  convoy  into  a  of  Sinope.  It  has  also  been  suggested  k.'  1  Sinope  is  a  naval  arsenal,  it  is  pos pos,  , pos,  that  some  of  the  vessels  destroyed  were  i STYLE=superscript  t  ?,  that  port.  After  some  further  comments  . STYLE=superscript  ity  'e  reported  details,  the  Times  proceeds  t STYLE=superscript  here  can  be  very  little  doubt  as  to  the  4  4  ,  l  'ad  political  consequences  of  the  action.  ;11  1  9 STYLE=superscript  s  to  give  the  Russian  navy  an  ascendency  black  Sea,  which  the-Turks  have  hitherto  q1  1  (1, STYLE=superscript  and  it  calls  upon  the  maratime  allies  3,„  Porte  in  very  .  positive  .  language  to  ,  I  ,'nat  naval  protection  of  which  she  more  iiir  stands  in  need.  If  it  should  turn  out  ,  Russian  squadron  fell  in  with  a  convoy  i  4  li'  i  or  the  army  in  Asia,  and  pursued  those  1  4  ,  14 STYLE=superscript  ,t0  Sinope—this  act  may,  in  some  mesure,  141 STYLE=superscript  e,y,resent  state  of  warfare,  be  considered  justi  t  r  lliti'  4  ls STYLE=superscript  tit  if,  as  is  equally  probable,  that  these  Alio  ships  were  sent  out  from  Sebastopol  r STYLE=superscript  sink,  and  destroy,  -  the  Turkish  °  t  „,,  l STYLE=superscript  a,  not  on  the  high*  seas,  nor  on  the  ii4,,,&#34;'  Circassia,  but  at  anchor  in  their  own  ',lll  l  ,  4 STYLE=superscript  ',harbour,  this  proceeding  of  the  Emperor  .  -s  I  ts  •  goes  to  the  last  extremity  of  aggressive  Ae  rti  ,,,:isPoses  at  once  of  the  assurance,  till  now  's',  i  ,hceiousl  repeated,  of  his  desire  to  stand  L  ati  n  d STYLE=superscript  efensive  only,  ever  since  the  Turkish  de-  A;  11 STYLE=superscript  of  war.  A  more  violent  and  offensive  I.q  - STYLE=superscript  1  ?„,  Could  not  have  been  resorted  to,  ;  , STYLE=superscript  i  e  importance  attached  to  it  by  e  1  ,  111 STYLE=superscript  „.ay  be  inferred  from  the  fact  that  I  l  th  e  ''  - STYLE=superscript  enschikoff  hurried  to  St.  Petersburg  to  ett  e  ll STYLE=superscript  „T  v STYLE=superscript  s  of  this  victory  at  the  feet  of  the  Czar.  ou  s.  - STYLE=superscript  -,'  this  news  will  have  on  Europe  is  not  less  ,io  il.,  ~it  dispels  the  hopes  of  the  success  of  pacifi pacifi%  % pacifi%  s  uc  t°l. STYLE=superscript  the  Times  cannot  share  the  opinion  t  that  or  l  ew  ees  s  w  i  ll  lower  in  any  degree  oes  s  th STYLE=superscript  trepe  temper  allied  I STYLE=superscript  °  l STYLE=superscript  l2  of  Russia  ,  and  it  .  imposes  ;indeed  asthis  duties  upon  blow  11 STYLE=superscript  t'CNerealP  t°l7 STYLE=superscript  .1  tunic  vA  resources  of  Turkey  interrupts  .  its  .  v  -de STYLE=superscript  ation  with  Trebizond  and  Batoum,  it  is  . STYLE=superscript  1  1 STYLE=superscript  1inrious  to  her  Asiatic  army,  and  all  will  :  8 STYLE=superscript  ,,,b  if  the  command  of  the  Black  Sea  were  red STYLE=superscript  to  pass  into  the  hands  of  the  enemy.  ,  vßritish  government  and  its  allies  will  have,  It:e  moment  this  news  is  confirmed,  to  deal  state  of  .affairs  far  more  decided  than  any  4  ,\,  ,  411 STYLE=superscript  s  qyestion  has  as  yet  assumed;  and  the  'ikki  !arnestly  trusts  the  cabinet  will  prove  itself  is  . STYLE=superscript  4  ~'‘o  the  emergency.  It  indeed  scarcely  de deet:  et: deet:  'ion  the  ministers  of  the  crown  to  deter  - STYLE=superscript  Wltat  positive  steps  are  to  be  taken,  because  te  f  i  ell STYLE=superscript  voys  on  the  spot  will  probably  have  It4t  °n.  the  powers  given  them  in  the  4  ,..`,4'46  °1 STYLE=superscript  a  direct  aggression  by  Russia  on  the  'Ai,  t  'u  Coast  It  will  remain  'with  her  Majesty's  i  lei4,,  er STYLE=superscript  e  to  afford  •an  ,  effectual  support  to  that  lit,  -11, STYLE=superscript  by  the  usual  communications  to  parlia parliakh  kh parliakh  and  by  placing  our  present  relations  the  Otto  man  E  m  pire  in  their  true  t  4  Every  means  of  restoring  peaCe  being  k  lle. STYLE=superscript  ,  ~,,A  e STYLE=superscript  d  but  the  honor  and  naval  force  )IN'giand  pledged  to  bring  this  dispute  to  a  tici  s STYLE=superscript  sful  termination  by  other  means,  if  all  ne-  N  t  ‘  t STYLE=superscript  ions  for  peace  should  fail;  it  would  be  un unqkit,,  qkit,, unqkit,,  of  us  to  hesitate  when'  the  course  is  clear  k  l,  '  t  -  6  11 STYLE=superscript  ,  , STYLE=superscript  41Q5.  The  English  people  .  are  resolved  that  t;'ve  t  Aiall  not  dictate  conditions  to  Europe,  or  ,i,.,'110u  1 STYLE=superscript  ;  the  Black  Sea,  with  all  the  7  0  4  3 STYLE=superscript  .  ,  '  a.  &#34;'  interests  encompassing  its  shores,  -I STYLE=superscript  I?  -  Russian  Lake  ;  they  desire  that  a  itfr  se  0  f  ,  ea  b  f  consummate  hypocrioy  should  be  pun pun',llt  ',llt pun',llt  t  n  3  r STYLE=superscript  a  signal  defeat,  and  that  a  stop  should  be  1'  4 STYLE=superscript  4  6Plese  aggressions.  The  Emperor  who  be be-14Ptki',  14Ptki', be-14Ptki',  8 STYLE=superscript  war  without  a  disguise,  and  without  a  i4r  ef  ,;'  , STYLE=superscript  is  carrying  it  on  without  disguise,  and  it  A  c STYLE=superscript  kt  i  r STYLE=superscript  e  becomes  the  imperative  duty  of  the  e'  ~,Wers,  who  have  so  recently  recorded  their  Nek  s  —( STYLE=superscript  dnation  to  put  an  end  to  it,  to  take  all  the  4,  3  -11 STYLE=superscript  ,  r STYLE=superscript  ea  which  that  object  may  demand.  0,  l STYLE=superscript  ater  news  of  importance  from  the  Danube.  4 STYLE=superscript  41  1  ,'Ossitin  major  was  killed  in  a  skirmish  near  e1  0  , STYLE=superscript  ,  r).  ,  3  11° STYLE=superscript  ,  '&#34; STYLE=superscript  fr°'  %to  ieo  ,  fIE  a  I  it,  er  io.  ,  0:  1  33  1 STYLE=superscript  '  leer  s  :I_l3j  Jt'  ,0!  If  OF  THE  (Prom  our  Third  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  h STYLE=superscript  tit  r STYLE=superscript  '&#34;SCE,  Paris  ,  MONDAY.—A  private  [dispatch,  t STYLE=superscript  he  requires  confirmation,  mentions  that  t  C  i STYLE=superscript  tssians  lost  in  the  affair  at  ,Sinope,  two  ships  ti  a  ',7  line  three  frigates,  and  two  steam-boats.-  that,  their  force  consisted  of  twelve  c'  e STYLE=superscript  t  S,  a  brig,  and  five  steam-boats,  besides  the  u  I,'N''Ps  of  the  line  as  mentioned  in  the  IVlOnice  r.  ,`tik°ther  private  dispatch  mentions  that  the  had  obtained  - STYLE=superscript  some  important  advantages  `  4, STYLE=superscript  e  Russians  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Tiflis.  :,,T4  FURTHER  PARTICULARS.  ~Nt  t  i  c'  naval  conflict  at  Sinope,  of  course  occupies  .i  „  71 STYLE=superscript  tt  i  h  ° STYLE=superscript  ns  share  of  attention  in  connection  with  t  ',,  4 STYLE=superscript  4  . STYLE=superscript  t't  the  East;  but  the  public  anxiety  for  full  ‘(43,t;eule.rs  is  not  likely  to  be  gratified  for  some  I  t STYLE=superscript  te  ti  - STYLE=superscript  )  „,  ) STYLE=superscript  when.  intelligence  by  the  more  slow  but  more  o  ',te  ordinary  channels  of  communication  may  `kt  e  'llected.  It  is  not  too  much  to  hope  that  the  °f  . STYLE=superscript  the  disaster  to  the  Turkish  forces  may  be  •  11 STYLE=superscript  c  ° STYLE=superscript  „'^erated.  This  hope  rests  on  the  fact  .  th  h  at  d  th  t  e  11dr STYLE=superscript  ench  consul  at  Odessa  by  the  author  tes  },  and STYLE=superscript  jby  him  transmitted  to  his  government  in  f  ilte  a  - STYLE=superscript  b  •  a STYLE=superscript  lle  in  which  it  appeared  in  our  columns  yes yes‘,4q  ‘,4q yes‘,4q  The  only  fresh  news  regarding  the  con  ;  has  reached  us  is  comprised  in  ou  e  ll STYLE=superscript  .;;ns  this  morning.  It  should  be  observed  that  4  qAtch  is  most  probably  of  Russian  origin,  11 STYLE=superscript  41,  4  - STYLE=superscript  '  as  it  does,  that  the  Turks  had  not  yet  b  ee  n  „_  It  - STYLE=superscript  aware  of  their  disaster.  Ztla  tb  W°ll STYLE=superscript  ld  appear  likely  that  the  force  attacked  rkto  - STYLE=superscript  u  `  La STYLE=superscript  t  which  - STYLE=superscript  left  Constantinople  on  the  26th  for  ‘,  l STYLE=superscript  cr  - STYLE=superscript  ,,  t11 STYLE=superscript  '  and  which  had  on  board  5,000  men,  as  re 're°lllae-,'  nts  for  the  Asiatic  army.  Probability  1  .4 STYLE=superscript  4  t  1  .  1  ,  also  seem  to  warrant  the  assumption  -44 STYLE=superscript  41  e  - STYLE=superscript  „  6 STYLE=superscript  Turkish  commander,  on  being  attacked,  O STYLE=superscript  r  Sinope  to  land  his  troops.  ;Whether  he  It STYLE=superscript  toy  s STYLE=superscript  '  e  e STYLE=superscript  r  led  in  doing  so  before  his  vessels  were  de•  •  ) STYLE=superscript  0  1  ,  e  ''''.  1 STYLE=superscript  elnains  to  be  seen.  ,  N  ,  c) STYLE=superscript  cn  „  c  l STYLE=superscript  gn  letters  received  in  London  on  the  after-  VtlielYesterday,  say  The  news  of  the  defeat  •  trZ  v STYLE=superscript  ison  of  the  Turkish  fleet  by  the  Russians  ted  an  immense  sensation,  but  it  is  difficult  •  n STYLE=superscript  t  to  say  what  the  ultimate  effect  of  it  will  °tli'  e STYLE=superscript  +2  l.(l STYLE=superscript  ing  to  some  it  will  be  an  inducement  Wend  'LLe  belligerent  parties  to  bring  the  war  to  Ville  it  according  to  others  it  is  a  disaster  which,  44  117  hutnilie.es  and  exasperates  the  Turks,  i  ll  ti STYLE=superscript  ti  at  n,  diminish  their  means  of  resisting  the  (AC  i  'orces.  Some  of  the  Paris  papers  are  cry  What  are  the  French  and  English  fleets  about?  Why  are  they  at  Constantinople?  And  it  is  evident  they  do  not  consider  the,  protection  afforded  to  the'  Turks  by  the  presehee  of  the  united  fleets  in  the  Bosphorus  particulary  efficient.  At  the  palace  Of  the  Tuileries  the  news  of  the  defeat  of  the  Turks  has  caused  deep  disappointment,  and  some  ofthe  French  Ministers  have  openly  expressed  their  opinion  that  the  French  fleet  should  at  once  enter  the  Black  Sea,.and  afford  efficacious  as assistance  sistance assistance  to  the  Sultan,  Nothing  is,  however  re resolved  solved resolved  upon.  - STYLE=superscript  Louis  Napoleon,  as  is  his  wont,  is  silent  and  imposSible  ;  and  it  is  understood  that  no  resolution  will  be  come  to  until  it  be  ascertained  what  effect  this  event  has  produced  on  the  Eng English  lish English  Cabinet.  Some  people  imagine  that  the  Emperor  Nicholas  will  be  more  tractacable  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  glory  he  gains  by  this  naval  victory  ;  but  the  probability  is  that  he  will  not  withdraw  one  iota  of  his  pretensions.  Nicholas  will  readily  agree  to  the  conference,  but  he  will  take  care  not  to  evacuate  the  principalities.  As  respects  Turkey,  it  is  not  likely  that  after  a  defeat  she  will  be.better  inclined  than  before  to  enter  into  negotiations,  The  Turkish  ambassador  in  Paris  has  declared  that,  without  prejudging  the  opinion  of  his  government,  he  feels  convinced  that  the  Sultan  will  not  consent  to  suspend  hostilities  on  any  other  condition  but  that  of  the  previous  evacuation  of  the  principalities,  and  the  withdrawal  of  the  pretensions  put  forward  by  the  Czar,  in  as  far  as  they  are  incompatible  with  his  sovereign  Another  telegraphic  message,  dated  Bucharest  Nov.  30,  says  The  Russians  are  pushing  their  troops  forward  on  the  road  to  Kalafat.  The  Turks  are  still  engaged  in  fortifying  that  place.  On  the  26th  a  Russian  major  was  killed  in  a  skirmish  hear  Giurgevo,  The  Turks  are  still  holding  the  island  of  We  have  given  elsewhere  some  description  of  Sinope,  the  scene  of  the  recent  conflict,  considered  in  its  topographic  aspect;  the  following  regards  it  in  a  stratagetical  point  of  view  :—The  position  of  Sinope,  about  half-way  between  Constantinople  and  TrebiZond,  and  the  promontory  at  which  it  is  situated,  and:which,  on  the  land  side,  may  be  said  to  form  its  harbour,  or  rather  open  'roads,  mark  it  as  a  site  of  importance  in  a  naval  war  on  the  Black  Sea.  This  was  perceived  by  General  Sebastiani,  Napoleon's  ambassador  to  the  Porte  in  1808,  and  who  showed  the  same  promptitude  in  commencing  fortifications  at  Sinope,  as  in  improvising  defences  at  Constantinople  . STYLE=superscript  .  Since  that  period,  the  defences  of  the  place  have  never  been  completed;  and  those  which  were  constructed  have  fallen  into  decay.  It  so  happens  that  Sinope  never  was  attacked  in  former  wars  between  Turkey  and  Russia,  upon  which  seems  to  have  been  founded  the  somewhat  gratuitous  assumption  that  it  never  would  be.  This  assumption  was  natural  enough  for  Old  Turkey  ;  but  it  may  be  hoped  that  Young  Turkey,  aided  by  Western  strategical  counsels,  will  practically  repair  the  error,  with  a  view  to  the  future.  Nothing  can  be  less  surprising  than  what  has  now  occurred  in  an  open  roadstead,  covered  by  no  sufficient  land  defences.  Six  ships  of  the  line  walked  with  perfect  ease  into  the  ram ramparts  parts ramparts  and  shipping  of  such  a  place.  Its  importance,  besides  its  commanding  situation  on  the  coast,  consists  in  the  fact  that  it  is  the  site  of  the  only  Turkish  dockyard,  for  the  construction  of  vessels  of  war,  except  Constantinople.  The  oaks  of  the  neighbouring  mountains  supply  timber  more  durable  than  the  Russians  employ  for  their  perish perishable  able perishable  craft  at  Sebastopol.  In  every  point  of  view,  it  is  of  the  first  importance  to  put  the  place  into  a  state  of  defence  ;  though  this  has  been  unfortu unfortunately  nately unfortunately  deferred  till  it  rather  too  much  resembles  shutting  the  stable  door  after  the  steed  is  FRANCE.  Letters  from  Paris  speak  variously  of  the  effect  of  the  disastrous  intelligence  of  the  Turkish  defeat  on  the  opinion  of  that  capital  The  following  would  seem  to  affo\d  a  fair  represensation  of  its  phases  :—On  Saturday,  after  the  close  of  the  Bourse,  the.  news  from  Odessa  of  the  destruction  of  several  Turkish  ships  produced  among  the  stock-jobbers  a  slight  fall  in  prices.  To-day  the  news  is  confirmed,  and  the  funds  have  risen.  The  3  per  cents.  were  at  one  time  as  high  as  76f.  15c.  for  cash,  and  they  closed  at  75f.  90c.  The  4-}  per  cents.  closed  at  102  f.  50c.  The  improvement  is  evidently  founded  on  a  belief  that  the  recent  dis disaster  aster disaster  of  the  Turks  will  make  the  Divan  more  will willfng  fng willfng  to  consent  to  an  armistice;  and  that  point  being  gained,  it  is  thought  that  in  two  or  three  months  a  treaty  of  peace  will  be  concluded,  It  appears  certain  that  the  basis  of  the  treaty  must  be  the  note  of  Vienna.  All  the  letters  from  Vienna.  agree  in  stating  that  the  Austrian  cabinet  has  joined  the  conference  on  that  condition.  SPAIN.—SUSPENSION  OF  THE  CORTES.  The  intelligence  from  Madrid  is  of  a  very  serious  kind,  and  may  be  considered  as  porten portenteous  teous portenteous  of  an  approaching  coup  detat.  By  a  tele telegraphic  graphic telegraphic  despatch  of  the  9th,  we  learn  that  the  senate  had  adopted,  by  105  votes  to  69,  the  reso resolutions  lutions resolutions  opposed  by  the  government,  and  recom  mended  by  the  majority  of  the  committee.  These  resolutions,  it  may  be  remembered,  are  to  the  effect  that  the  senate  ought  to  proceed  with  a  bill  before  it  on  the  railways,  instead  of,  in  compliance  with  the  wish  of  the  cabinet,  dropping  it,  and  wait waiting  ing waiting  until  a  new  bill  on  the  subject,  presented  to  the  chamber  of  deputies  by  it,  shall  be  sent  up  to  the  senate.  In  consequence  of  this  unmistakeable  defeat,  we  learn,  by  electric  telegraph,  on  the  10th,  a  royal  decree  suspended  the  sittings  of  the  Cortes  without,  as  is  usual,  naming  a  day  for  their  meeting  again.  The  customs  board  has  decided  the  question  of  the  import  duty  on  accordions  in  favor  of  the  importer.  THE  LONDON  CORPORATION  INQUIRY.—The  royal  com commissioners  missioners commissioners  did  not  meet  yesterday.  The  inquiry,  we  are  in-  formed,  is  adjourned  sine  die.  DESERTION  OF  A  WIFE  AND  CHILDREN.—CharIes  TFrat.  kin,  who  was  stated  to  be  a  law-clerk,  was  sent  to  prison  for  a  month  for  deserting  his  wife  and  children.  CRUELTY  TO  A  WIFE.—A  rough  coachman  named  Anthony  Wild,  was  charged  with  abusing  his  wife,  kicking  and  threatening  to  murder  her.  After  some  recriminatory  statements,  the  prisoner  was  ordered  to  find  two  sureties  in  £lO  each,  to  keep  the  peace  for  three  months.  SHOP  ROBBERY.  —Bridget  Walker  was  charged  with  hav having  ing having  stolen  a  pair  of  stays  from  a  stay-shop  in  Deansgate.  The  prisoner  was  apprehended  in  Salford,  on  Saturday.  A  pair  of  new  stays  was  found  upon  her  when  searched,  and  were  distinctly  sworn  to  as  the  property  of  the  occupier  of  a  stay-shop  in  Deansgate.—Committed  to  the  sessions.  SINGULAR  AND  FATAL  ACCIDENT.—A  respectable  young  man,  named  Edmund  Bastard,  met  with  his  death,  last  Friday,  at  Torrington,  in  the  North  of  Devon,  under  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  as  remarkable  as  they  are  melancholy.  At  twelve  o'clock  on  Friday  night,  a  person  passing  a  toll-gate  (,n  a  bridge  which  crosses  the  river  Torridge,  observed  something,  which  he  at  first  thought  was  a  woman's  cloak,  hanging  to  the  side  gate  of  the  toll-bar;  and  as  it  was  late  and  he  was  in  a  hurry,  he  passed  on  without  further  noticing  it,  but  communicated  his  fears  to  a  friend  of  his  that  it  was  the  body  of  a  human  being  that  he  had  seen.  Next  morn morning  ing morning  a  boatman,  named  Arnold,  was  passing  that  way,  and  discovered  the  young  man  Bastard,  with  his  neck  broken,  and  hanging  to  the  side  gate,  quite  dead.  It  appeared  that  the  poor  fellow  had  passed  through  the  toll-gate  in  the  early  part  of  the  day,  and  on  returning  late  in  the  evening,  he  found  the  large  gate  shut,  and,  as  he  thought,  locked.  It  is  conjectured  that  not  liking  to  arouse  the  toll-gate  keeper,  who  was  gone  to  bed,  he  tried  to  get  through  the  shuttles  of  the  side  gate.  In  doing  so,  by  some  means  or  other,  he  caught  his  chin  in  the  upper  shuttle  and  broke  his  neck.  GENERAL  POST  -OFFICE,  December,  1853.—After  the  dispatch  of  the  contract  mail  packet  appointed  to  leave  London  for  Rotterdam  on  the  14th  inst.,  the  correspondence  for  Holland,  which  has  hitherto  been  conveyed,  as  a  rule,  by  the  direct  packet,  will  be  forwarded  from  London  daily  (Sunday  excepted)  by  the  route  of  Belgium,  unless  specially  addressed  to  be  sent  by  any  other  route.  On  and  from  Thursday,  the  16th  inst.,  the  postage  upon  letters  trans transmitted  mitted transmitted  between  the  united  kingdom  and  Holland,  either  by  the  route  of  Belgium  or  by  private  ship  direct,  will  be  re reduced  duced reduced  to  Bd.  for  a  letter  not  exceeding  half  an  ounce  in  weight,  increasing  for  heavier  letters  according  to  the  scale  in  operation  for  charging  letters  in  the  united  kingdom.  This  postage  will  include  both  the  British'  and  foreign  rates  to  destination,  and  it  may  be  paid  in  advance,  or  the  letters  may  be  forwarded  unpaid,  at  the  option  of  the  sender,  except  however,  in  the  case  of  registered  letters,  the  postage  upon  which,  as  well  as  the  registration  fee,  must  always  be  paid  in  advance.  The  same  rate  of  Bd.  per  half-ounce,  &amp;c.,  will  be  chargeable  on  letters  between  the  united  king kingdom  dom kingdom  and  any  Dutch  colony  or  country  beyond  sea,  addressed  via  Holland,  but  on  such  letters  the  postage  must  be  pre prepaid.  paid. prepaid.  The  British  postage  on  a  letter  addressed  to  be  con conveyed  veyed conveyed  via  Holland  between  the  united  kingdom  and  any  cou  ntry  on  the  continent  of  Europe,  when  sent  either  by  the  route  of  Belgium  or  by  private  ship  direct,  will  be  re reduced  duced reduced  to  4d.  the  half-ounce,  and  so  on,  which  rate  must  also  be  pre-paid.  Newspapers  for  Holland,  whether  sent  by  way  of  Belgium  or  by  private  ship  direct,  will  continue  liable  to  a  postage  of  Id.  each,  which  must  be  paid  in  advance.  Periodical  works,  not  of  daily  publication,  which  have  here heretofore  tofore heretofore  been  conveyed  by  the  direct  packet  to  Rotterdam  at  a  reduced  rate  of  postage,  cannot  be  sent  by  way  of  Belgium  excepting  at  the  usual  rate  chargeable  for  letters."
