text
"MR.  NORTHCOTE'S  LECTURE.  Mr.  J.  Spencer  Northcote  delivered  a  lecture  at  the  qa.  tholic  Institute,  Hope-street,  at  half-past  seven  o'clock  last  evening,  upon  the  of  La  There  was  a  very  crowded  audience.  Mr.  Northcote  prefaced  his  lecture  by  observing  upon  the  cautions  manner  in  which  every  Catholic  spoke  of  the  most  authentic  miracle  s  in.  thiS  try,  and  the  prejudices  which  existed  regaydiiag  th.em.  He  then  proceeded  to  detail  the  circumstances  attending  th  e  ap appearance  pearance appearance  of  the  miracle  at  La  Salette,  •6.  small  hamlet  in  the  French  Alps,  upon  the  19th  bf  September,  1846.  These  circumstances,  which  are  probably  in  the  recollection  of  most  readers,  iMy  be  briefly  recapit  u  l  a  t  e  d.  A  b  oy  o  f  10  or  11  years  ola,  and  a  girl  aged  about  15,  both  grossly  igno ignorant  rant ignorant  even  of  the  simplest  matters  of  religion,  and  up  to  Vie  previous  day  unacquainted  with  each  other,  saw  on  the  19th  of  September,  1846,  while  engaged  in  tending  cattle  on  a  mountain  near  the  village,  the  apparition  of  a  beautiful  lady,  clothed  in  white,  wearing  a  chaplet  of  pearls  and  gar garland  land garland  of  roses,  taller  than  mortal  size,  who  was  weeping  ;  she  spake  to  them,  complaining  of  the  immorality  of  the  district,  their  inattention  to  the  holidays  and  feasts  of  the  church,  and  their  profane  words,  and  declaring  that  if  they  did  not  alter  their  lives,  she  could  no  longer  keep  the  heavy  .  hand  of  her  Son  from  falling  upon  the  place,  and  that  all  their  crops  would  be  destroyed.  This  she  told  them,  speaking  first  in  French,  but  subsequently  adoptin  . STYLE=superscript  g  .  the  patois  which  the  children  more  easily  understood,  adding  that  they  were  to  tell  the  people  what  she  had  said.  She  also  made  a  sepa separate  rate separate  communication  to  each  of  the  children,  which  each  was  to  keep  a  secret.  The  lady  then  disappeared.  Near  the  place  where  she  stood  was  a  spring,  which  was  intermittent,  being  dried  up  in  summer,  but  which  from  that  day  flowed  perpetually.  The  lecturer  then  proceeded  t  o  d  escr  ib  e  how  the  children  told  the  tale,  which  was  at  first  disbelieved,  and  the  variety  of  tests  and  harrassing  examinations  to  which  the  children  were  subjected,  separately  and  together,  by  the  authorities  of  France,  legal  and  ecclesiastical,  to  en endeavour  deavour endeavour  to  shake  the  accuracy  of  the  statements,  but  all  of  which  failed  to  succeed  in  making  them  swerve  in  the  slightest,  or  vary  from  their  original  tale.  They  also  stated  that  nothing  could  induce  either  of  them  to  tell  the  secret  -  tEIA  rA  which  had  been  separately  confided  to  tirec  4  e  k  1 STYLE=superscript  0tWAr  then  supported  the  , STYLE=superscript  by  describirke*  4/.1  ,;0;  raculous  cures,  which  had  been  wrought!)  t  iOa  h  fountain,  near  which  the  apparition  too  ir  f-  , STYLE=superscript  ;  24  14  hillett&lt;cS  very  minutely  upon  the  evidence,  and  relxs  hia  own  minute  inquiries,  aided  by  au  YAW  among  the  clergy  and  people  of  the  village,  a2ld  - STYLE=superscript  Imin'  The  boy  and  girl,  the  latter,  then  a  novice  in  a  convent,  on  the  occasion  of  a  visit  he  made  to  the  spot  iu  the  September  of  last  year.  An  additional  argument  which  he  adduced,  was  the  total  change  which  had  taken  place  in  the  morals  and  religious  habits  of  the  people  since  the  apparition.  He  com commented  mented commented  upon  the  impossibility  of  supposing  that  two  ignorant  children  could  have  concocted  such  a  tale  and  withstood,  without  any  alterations  in  the  circumstances,  the  lengthened  examinations  to  which  they  were  subjected.  He  then  replied  to  a  statement  recently  published  -in  the  Times,  alleging  that  the  miracle  was  concocted  by  an  innkeeper,  upon  whose  property  the  fountain  was,  and  who  made  money  by  selling  the  water  of  it  to  pilgrims.  He  then  stated  that  there  was  no  river  within  seven  miles  of  the  place.  That  the  fountain  was  a  property  belonging  to  the  parish,  and  that  he  had  himself,  upon  the  last  anniversary  of  the  occurrence,  seen  three  or  four  thousand  people  crowding  round  the  fountain,  drinking  and  carrying  away  as  much  of  the  water  as  they  could,  without  paying  any  one  for  it.  Another  statement  put  forward  by  the  Times  the  preceding  year  was,  that  it  Was  a  concoction  of  the  priests  to  get  money,  to  which  the  lecturer  replied  by  stating  that  the  chapel  which  they  were  about  to  build  upon  the  spot,  and  to  which  the  Times  referred,  could  not  be  completed,  owing  to  the  difficulties  of  conveying  materials  up  the  mountain,  for  this  generation  ;  and  they  would  therefore  be  a  very  self selfdenying  denying selfdenying  clergy,  who  would  risk  their  souls  and  their  chars  c cter,  ter, cter,  to  enable  some  priest  of  the  next  generation  to  live  in  almost  utter  solitude  upon  the  top  of  a  mountain,  which  for  four  months  in  the  year  was  covered  with  snow.  The  lec lecturer  turer lecturer  finally  stated  that  upon  a  letter  being  sent  by  the  Pope  to  the  Archbishop  of  Grenoble,  enjoining  the  children  to  communicate  the  secret  in  writing  to  him,  they  had  con consented  sented consented  to  obey  the  order  of  the  Pope,  and  were  brought  into  a  room  in  presence  of  some  clergy,  when  paper  was  given  to  them,  and  without  hesitation,  as  if  they  were  copying  words  set  before  them,  each  child  wrote  as  for  a  latex  addrealed  Lv  the  Pope,  which  was  sealed  by  them,  and  of  which  no  one  saw  the  contents.  Two  priests  went  together  to  Rome,  and  presented  the  letter  to  the  Pope,  who  seemed  greatly  affectad  upon  reading  it,  and  was  heard  to  These  are  great  evils  for  France,  but  it  is  not  France  alone  which  de deserves  serves deserves  them,  but  Italy,  Germany,  and  other  parts  of  This,  the  lecturer  observed  was  all  which  was  ever  known,  except  to  the  Pope,  of  the  secret  imparted  to  the  children  ;  but  it  was  sufficient  to  convince  the  clergy  of  France  that  the  secret  was  no  idle  tale.  Since  that  time  the  Pope,  who  had  first  enjoined  great  caution  regarding  the  publication  of  the  miracle,  had  encouraged  its  promulgation  throughout  the  world.  The  lecturer  concluded  by  express expressing  ing expressing  a  hope  that  his  audience  would  attentively  consider  the  question,  and  not  dismiss  it  with  the  prejudice  of  which  he  had  spoken  when  commencing,  and  resumed  his  seat  amid  loud  and  general  applause.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Nugent  briefly  expressed  the  thanks  of  the  meeting  to  the  lecturer.  The  proceedings  then  closed  with  a  hymn  in  honor  of  the  Virgin  Mary.  IRELAND  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  FRIDAY  EVENING.  THE  TRACT  DISTRIBUTION  CASE.—Yesterday,  Mr.  Whiteside,  Q.C.,  applied  to  the  Queen's  Bench  for  a  writ  of  certiorari,  to  remove  the  informations,  magistrate's  order,  &amp;c.,  in  the  late  case  of  O'Bren O'Brennan  nan O'Brennan  v.  Smith,  from  the  Capel-street  Police  Office,  into  that  court.  The  application  was  grounded  on  an  affidavit  of  Smith's  reciting  the  facts  of  the  case,  as  they  have  already  appeared,  and  concluding  as  follows  :—And  this  deponent  is  advised  that,  by  the  laws  of  this  country,  no  man  can  be  imprisoned  without  a  crime  committed  or  an  intelligible  charge  made  against  him,  and  submits  it  is  his  right  to  be  informed  for  what  offence  he  has  been  so  dealt  with,  and  against  whom,  and  for  what  reason  he  has  been  so  bound  by  recognizance  as  afore aforesaid,  said, aforesaid,  and  his  money,  which  he  could  ill  affbrd,  ex extorted  torted extorted  from  him.  There  was  also  an  affidavit  of  Mr.  Nunn's,  to  the  effect  that  he  had  applied  to  Mr.  O'Callaghan  for  the  documents  required,  and  been  refused.  The  court  granted  a  conditional  order.  DREADFUL  ACCIDENT.—A  Colooney  correspon correspondent  dent correspondent  of  the  Freeman,  dating  Nov.  17,  writes  :  A  dreadful  accident,  attended  with  loss  of  life,  oc occurred  curred occurred  hero  last  night.  An  omnibus  belonging  to  Mr.  Morrish,  of  the  Earl  c  Hopi.  puui  creatures  wno  escaped  -  -  from  the  ill-fated  Californian  Packet  . STYLE=superscript  to  Sligo,  and  when  turning  out  of  this  'town,  five  miles  from  Sligo,  the  two  off-side  wheels  went  to  pieces;  the  vehicle  of  course  was  upset  in  a  moment,  and  the  unfortunate  driver  (O'Brien)  was  killed.  Seven  others  were  more  or  less  dangerously  injured  ;  some  of  them  have  been  conveyed  to  the  Sligo  infirmary.  All  the  attention  that  humanity  could  suggest  paid  them  by  the  Rev.  Mr.  O'Rourke  and  his  curdte.  .-r&#34;Z'  were  quickly  on  the  spot,  and  did  all  that  men  could  do  u.L.,,a0,  the  circumstances  to  alleviate  the  miseries  of  the  sum,_  I,  with  some  others,  examined  the  omnibus,  and  I  certain  that  a  very  heavy  responsibility  rests  some somewhere,  where, somewhere,  but  as  an  inquest  will  be  held,  I  shall  say  no  more  on  this  subject  for  the  present.  Poor  O'Brien's  remains  lie  in  the  Catholic  Church  of  Colooney,  pending  the  MELANCHOLY  OCCURRENCE.—An  accident  of  a  very  serious  nature  occurred  from  the  explosion  of  powder,  in  Bonmahon,  county  of  Waterford,  on  Monday  evening,  about  eight  o'clock.  A  miner,  employed  by  the  company  in  the  lead  mine  at  the  cliffs,  obtained  a  quantity  of  powder  for  his  work.  After  going  home  with  his  bag  of  powder,  he  tried  to  open  the  knot  on  the  cord  that  tied  the  mouth  of  the  bag;  not  succeeding,  and  being  without  a  knife,  he  attempted  to  burn  it  with  the  blaze  of  the  candle,  when  the  powder  exploded,  blowing  the  unfortunate  man,  his  wife,  and  six  children,  in  every  direction,  all  receiving  such  injuries  that  their  lives  are  in  danger.  The  roof  was  torn  completely  off  the  house  and  the  two  adjoining  houses  were  in  flames.  THE  BRIGANTINE  VICTORIA.—This  vessel,  which,  on  her  way  from  Limerick  to  London  was  stranded  near  Kilcredane  lighthouse,  on  the  coast  of  Clare,  has  become  a  total  wreck.  Most  of  her  cargo  (oats)  is  lost  also.  -  -  -  CLONMEL  ELECTION  :—The  Freeman  of  to-day  gives  the  math  of  the  meeting  yesterday  in  Clon Clonmel  mel Clonmel  as  a  pronouncement  in  favour  of  the  League.  But  as  the  requisition  calling  the  meeting  was  only  signed  by  twenty  electors,  and  the  assemblage  itself  was  mostly  composed  of  those  who  had  no  votes,  this  cannot  be  regarded  as  a  very  good  cri criterion  terion criterion  of  the  constituency's  will.  Mr.  John  O'Connell  still  continues  his  canvas.  The  BRITISH  NORTH  AMERICAN  MAIL  STEAM-SHIP  sails  to-day  with  the  usual  mails  and  passenger  MANaIESTER  AND  SALFORD  RELIGIOUS  TRACT  SOCIE'i  a.  —The  annual  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  on  T  iur  ty.  evening  last,  the  Rev.  Canon  Stowell  in  th  e STYLE=superscript  chair. STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  day  retort  I STYLE=superscript  ,lWilug  been  read,  the  meeting  was STYLE=superscript  Rev.  John  Richardson,  Rector  of STYLE=superscript  St.  Anne's,  e.  y  the  -I,'  It STYLE=superscript  an  e STYLE=superscript  d  v. STYLE=superscript  the  addressedtheThe  A  various  Christopherson,  resolat  of  B  i  nn  s  having  and  e  ,  hee  a  otherea  carried,  gn  i  ed  etm  ,  the  le  lon;hs  old,  died  on  terminated  after  the  usual  vote  of  thanki  sr  o  eet  e  u.  lige  ,  Te  uch  p  hiA  r  slia  o  sih  c  Tr  e  Aorn  e  uen  i  e  r  is  :  named  j  r&amp;  nh  sy  s  lIHNiI)ggER:IISS'ITS-I°l'  o  uri  n  ci  F  °.yrrears  of  age,  who  has  —  D STYLE=superscript  A  E- STYLE=superscript  c  k STYLE=superscript  la  T STYLE=superscript  il  lt STYLE=superscript  d,  na  lk STYLE=superscript  m  x STYLE=superscript  Thursday  in  a  brothel-,  •  , STYLE=superscript  at  13,  D  t  lE  N  e  y  p  9  t  s  b  is  y  tfl  a  rl  e:  v  ip  s  r  d  l  in  e  Vwrli,thonhlyer,loofts.eisxen  - STYLE=superscript  or  eeven  years  old,  and  erni STYLE=superscript  a's  motti,-r.  The  mother  states  that  she  is  wife  0  I.lhre  nieces  tó  il'ie  ae4erd  Joi.iath,stu  Iliggins,  a  sea-faring  man,  who  has  been  away  frothher  Tor  five  y  e  ars,  and  that  deceased  wit;  ilcr  illegitimate  child  by  a  sea  caotaini  afterlOeyn  Thursday  she  had  been  ro  t  c  o  i  s7,  i  ltn  a  longerepute  v  df  a  a  y  th  age  er  :  itt  end  Stanley  Dock,  who  is  about  peed  a  rather  stormy  interview  liau  succeeded  in  extractit,'g  three  pounds  front  him.  Her  statement  further  is  that  &amp;he  re returned  turned returned  to  the  house  at  four  in  the  afternoon,  and  gal  'e  the  child  to  a  woman  whose  soubriquet  is  Cockney  who  fed  it;  that  it  then  became  poorly,  when  they  sent  for  a  druggist,  and  upon  his  arrival  he  advised  that  a  doctor  should  be  sent  for,  but  the  child  died  immediately  after.  Upon  the  customary  inquiries  being  niade,  Anne  Elliott,  the  woman  known  as  '  Cockney  said  that  tie  mother  had  returned  not  at  four,  but  between  one  and  two  o'clock  in  the  afternoon.  The  druggist  who  saw  the  child,  also,  stated  that  it  was  dead  when  he  went  in.  Under  these  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  an  inquest  will  be  held  this  day.  331rtbo,  frtarriaztO,  anti  ilkatbl."
