text
"be  taken  yesterday  POLICE  COURT.—YESTERDAY.  •  POCKETS.—Tohn  Carroll  and  Peter  Smith  were  pockets  on  Monday  PrcxrN  charged  by  an  officer  with  picking  s  Pier,  whilst  - STYLE=superscript  a  crowd  of  peopi(  •,  •  were  witnessin  g  an  experiment  which  a  man  was  making  on  the  river.  The  officer  after  watching  them  for  some  time,  detected  them  in  the  act  of  picking  the  pocket  of  a  gentleman  named  George  Anderson,  who  came  forward.  carts,bw  ui  t  F  h  o  a  /  a  s  s  a  -  b  r  nke3rdie  no  doubg  are  flreio  T  emit  n  i  gnnEwdpo  what  acap  n  DRA  MA.—Thomas  Carroll  had  been  fifteen  times  before  in  custody,  and  Smith  p  T  a  s  h  t  o  m  t  a  h  s  r  e  e  Smith  o'clock  e  c  a  k  n  d  y  e  W  s  t  i  e  /  r  /i  d  a  a  n  y  z  one.  They  were  each  sent  to  gaol  for  three  months.  Lithgo,  two  young  vagrants,  were  charged  by  officer  404,  ni  e  o  y  uth  w  sley  e  rgekunadoyo  here,  you'  ,myaaongteli:sitmnr  magistrate  t  mA STYLE=superscript  ohv  half  . STYLE=superscript  s.  wn  morning,  prowling  about  the  George's  dock.  The  magis magistrately  trately magistrately  they  stated  they  were  returning  from  the  Adelphi  Theatre  ;  they  also  said  that  they  got  their  living  las  , STYLE=superscript  steering  timber  have  no  doubt  but  that  you  were  there  for  purposes  of  plunder,  be  discharged.  olt  r  Ep  PATRONS  OF  THE  DRAMA.—Three  young  boys,  John  Morris,  James  Shrewsbury  and  David  Clarke,  were  charged  by  an  officer,  who  about  half-past  one  yesterday  morning,  saw  them  in  'Maguire-street,  trying  the  doors  of  the  several  houses,  both  front  and  rear.  When  they  saw  the  officer  they  ran  away.  He  followed  and  found  them  concealed  in  a  petty.  Clarke  was  well  dressed,  and  had  only  just  come  out  of  prison  with  the  two  others,  who  were  old  offenders.  The  mother  and  sister  of  the  prisoner  Clarke,  who  were  respectable-looking  people,  appeared,  and  the  mother  stated  that  on  the  night  before,  she  and  her  daugh daughter  ter daughter  and  the  three  prisoners  had  been  ati  the  Park  theatre,  and  the  boys  were  returning  home,  when  taken  up  by  the  officer.  They  were  all  discharged,  with  a  caution.  A  SWEET  Toom—Patrick.  Sweeney,  a  boy,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  jar  of  sweets,  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Douglas  Petrie,  Richmond-road.  This  lad  having  been  seven  times  before  committed,  was  committed  for  three  months.  CLAIM  FOR  DAMAGES  AGAINST  A  PILOT  BOAT.---Mr.  Owen  appeared  for  David  Parrott,  Captain  of  the  Sydney  and  Jane  schooner,  to  recover  damages  from  William  Brewer,  of  Pilot  Boat  No.  6,  who  was  defended  by  Mr.  Bremner,  for  alleged  negligence  in  allowing  the  Ayrshire  Lassie,  which  he  had  in  charge,  to  come  into  collision  with  the  former  vessel.  On  the  29th  of  September,  the  two  vessels  lay  at  anchor,  opposite  the  King's  Dock  Pier,  about  260  yards  from  it  ;  it  was  six  o'clock  in  the  evening  and  flood  tide,  at  ebb,  wind  W.S.W.  The  .Ayrshire  Lassie  drifted  and  came  across  Captain  Parrott's  ship,  getting  entangled  in  the  rigging,  and  remaining  thus  for  a  quarter  of  an  hour,  during  which  time  the  damage  had  been  sustained.  When  the  vessels  were  nearing  each  other,  the  Captain  of  the  Sydney  and  Jane  called  out  mind  how  you  are  and  the  pilot  hailed  after,  but  they  got  locked.  Donald  Gunning  said  he  was  on  the  Pier  Head  on  that  day,  and  saw  the  Ayrshire  Lassie  drifting,  and  handled  in  a  stupid  and  un unseamanlike  seamanlike unseamanlike  manner.  The  defence  was  contained  in  a  letter  from  the  Harbour  Master,  who  said  he  had  never  given  a  verbal  order  to  the  Captain  of  the  Ayrshire  Lassie  to  dock  his  vessel.  The  captain  had  deceived  his  pilot  by  saying  RE-OPENING  OF  THE.  LEWESTE.R  GAOL  that  he  had  got  an  order,  or  he  should  never  have  weighed  INQUIRY.  his  anchor  at  all.  The  damages  were  proved  to  be  £4,  and  The  inquiry  into  the  management  and  discipline  of  the  this  amount,  with  costs,  was  ordered  to  be  paid.  Leicester  County  Goal  was  re-opened  on  Monday.  There  STREET  ROBBERY.—Owen  Griffiths,  a  noted  character,  was  a  large  attendance  of  magistrates,  amongst  whom  who  keeps  a  brothel  in  Ford-street,  was  charged  by  a  young  were  Earl  Howe,  the  Earl  of  Londesborough,  Sir  Henry  woman,  named  Margaret  Inkerston,  with  having  knocked  Halford,  Bart.,  M.P.,  Mr.  Charles  Hay  Frewen,  M.P.,  Sir  her  down,  and  taken  a  gold  ring  from  her  finger,  on  Mon-  F.  G.  Fowkes,  Bart.,  Mr.  Hodgson,  the  Rev.  H.  J.  Hos-  day  night.  Miss  Inkerston,  who  it  was  stated  was  respec respeckins,  kins, respeckins,  and  several  others.  The  .  body  of  the  Court  was  also  table,  resides  at  2,  Ford-street,  and  said  she  was  returning  crowded  with  anxious  listeners.  -  from  a  party  when  this  daring  robbery  was  committed  on  Mr.  WELSBY,  the  chief  commissioner,  commenced  the  her.  Remanded  for  enquiry.  proceedings  by  stating  that  the  commissioners  attended  to  STEALING  Boors.—A  woman,  named  Elizabeth  Burris,  further  pursue  the  investi  g  ati  o  n  s  by  command  of  Lord  Pal-  was  brought  up  for  pledging  a  number  of  pairs  of  boots  from  merston,  the  Home  Secretary,  in  consequence  of  a  requisi-  a  person  who STYLE=superscript  occasionall STYLE=superscript  y  em STYLE=superscript  p  lo STYLE=superscript  y  ed STYLE=superscript  her, STYLE=superscript  Mr. STYLE=superscript  T STYLE=superscript  y  ler, STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  tion  having  been_presented  to  him  on  the  part  of  the  magis-  Scotland-road.  She  was  remanded  for  seven  days.  trates,  who  felt  that  they  were  upon  their  trial  at  the  bar  of  A  MISTAKE  !—Margaret  Iltagrath  was  charged  with,  on  public  opinion.  Mr.  Welsby  here  read  a  letter  which  had  Monday,  stealing  four  sovereigns  from  a  man.  Officer  127  been  forwarded  to  Lord  Palmerston,  by  the  magistrates,  and  broughtforwarda  man,  andwas,stating  that  the  witness,  Robt.  then  said  :  Abstaining  entirely  from  making  any  observa-  Pritchard,  was  at  such  a  place  on  such  a  night,  when  wit wittions  tions wittions  upon  this  letter,  we  are  here  to  take  such  evidence  as  ness  declared  and  swore  he  was  not  the  mail  at  all,  and  the  the  magistrates  may  offer.  case  was  dismissed.  Mr.  REEVE,  deputy  clerk  of  the  peace,  then  proceeded  to  PUBLICAN'S  CASE.—John  Hodgson,  keeper  of  a  public  address  the  Commissioners,  stating  that  he  appeared  before  house  at  Isl  in STYLE=superscript  g  ton, STYLE=superscript  corner STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  Clifton-street, STYLE=superscript  was STYLE=superscript  char STYLE=superscript  g  ed STYLE=superscript  them  to  show  that  the  charges  of  cruelty  which  had  been  with  having  parties  drinking  in  his  bar  at  two  o'clock  on  preferred  had  no  foundation  in  truth.  Since  the  former  in-  last  Wednesday  morning.  Inspector  Skermer  stated  that  as  quiry  he  had  examined  the  prison  books,  and  found  that  he  was  passing  Mr.  Hodson's  house  on  last  Wednesday  from  May,  1850,  to  May,  .1852,  there  were  15,277  days  of  morning,  at  five  minutes  to  two  o'clock,  he  heard  a  noise  in  crank  labour,  representing  52,379  meals.  Of  these  meals  the  bar,  and  on  being  admitted,  he  found  people  there,  four  there  were  lost  (according  to  Godfrey's  book)  1,578,  being  of  whom  were  drunk  and  two  fighting.  He  found  on  the  3  per  cent.  Ina  portion  of  the  year  1852,  of  10,736  meals  counter  two  measorea  of  ale  and  two  glasses  of  gin.  Mr.  only  169  were  lost,  being  about  one  and  a  half  per  cent.  ;  Bremner  appeared  for  the  defendant,  and  stated  that  it  so  that  of  every  100  meals  the  prisoners  received  081 STYLE=superscript  .  Mr. STYLE=superscript  would STYLE=superscript  be STYLE=superscript  p  roved STYLE=superscript  that STYLE=superscript  Mr. STYLE=superscript  Hodgson STYLE=superscript  had  closed  his  shop  and  Reeve  next  went  into  the  case  of  the  prisoner  ()Ton-  tuned  out  the  casual  easterners  at  twelve  o'clock.  Those  who  nor,  who  was  said  to  have  been  kept  without  food  for  four  remained,  and  whom  the  Inspector  found  in  the  shop,  were  days.  He  read  the  entries  in  the  book  respecting  his  food  friends  of  his,  who  were  speading  the  evening  with  him  ;  and  crank  labour,  and  said  that  from  those  entries  it  appeared  and  t'ie  disturbance  was  caused  in  their  attempts  to  put  out  the  prisoner  had  three  meals  on  the  Sunday,  and  for  six  a  drunken  man  who  had  forced  his  way  in.  The  Inspector  days  afterwards  he  only  got  two  meals.  On  Sunday  he  observed  that  that  could  not  be  the  case,  inasmuch  as  the  would.  have  three  meals,  and  in  the  second  period  of  six  days  door  , STYLE=superscript  on  his STYLE=superscript  knocking,  was  locked  and  bolted.  The  defen defenhe  he defenhe  got  but  two  meals.  Then  came  Sunday  with  its  three  dant  was  fined  20s.  and  costs.  meals  again,  and  in  the  third  period  of  six  days  he  got  four  ATTEMPT  AT  DROWNING  BY  A  MARRIED  WOMAN.—  meals,  makina•  18  working  days  upon  nine  meals.  A  PAINFUL  CASE.—Mary  Connelly,  a  woman  about  35  In  reply  to  g STYLE=superscript  the  COMMISSIONERS,  years  of  age,  was  charged  with  attempting  to  drown  her her'  ' her'  Mr.  REEVE  intimated  that  his  object  in  laying  this  case  self  and  her  child  by  throwing  herself  into STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  dock, STYLE=superscript  before  them  was,  to  show  that  it  was  impossible  for  a  man  between  ten  and  eleven  o'clock  on  Monday  night.  The  to  have  worked  on  such  a  small  quantity  of  food,  and  prisoner,  who  though  poorly  was  cleanly  dressed,  sa  i STYLE=superscript  d  that  that  consequently  the  entries  were  not  to  be  rel  i STYLE=superscript  e  d STYLE=superscript  u STYLE=superscript  p  on. STYLE=superscript  she STYLE=superscript  had  had  no  intention  of  self-destruction,  and  that  she  Mr.  WELSBY  asked  if  he  (Mr.  Reeve)  meant  to  impugn  made  the  attempt  to  throw  herself  into  the  dock  for  the  pur purthe  the purthe  correctness  of  the  crank-labour  book  ?  pose  of  frightning  her  husband,  and  inducing  him  to  sup-  Mr.  REEVE  said  he  did  not.  port  herself  and  her  infant.  The  officer  stated  that  the  Mr.  WE  - STYLE=superscript  esny  observed  that  the  crank-book  and  warder's  husband  was  a  dissipated  fellow,  who  spent  his  earnings  on  report-book  corroborated  each  other  on  these  days.  When  women  of  abandoned  character,  and  allowed  his  wife  and  the  work  was  not  done  food  was  not  given  ;  when  the  meals  child  to  starve.  The  magistrate  directed  the  woman  to  be  were  earned  they'  were  supplied.  taken  to  the  workhouse,.  and  her  husband  to  be  informed  The  Right  Honourable  the  Earl  Howe  was  the  first  wit-  that  she  was  sent  there  in  consequence  of  his  misconduct.  ness  who  was  called  :He  said  he  had  been  a  magistrate  for  A  DRUNKEN  WlFE.—Mary  Snow,  a  good  looking  woman  the  county  for  many  .  years,  and  had  frequently  visited  the  about  30  years  of  age,  who  presented  the  appearance  of  re regaol.  gaol. regaol.  Had  been  in  the  constant  hab  i STYLE=superscript  t  of STYLE=superscript  askin STYLE=superscript  g  the STYLE=superscript  cent STYLE=superscript  dissipation,  was  charged  with  being  drunk  and  disorder disorderprisoners,  prisoners, disorderprisoners,  when  he  visited  the  gaol,  if  they  had  any  corn-  ly  .  on  Monday  night,  in  Myrtle  Street.  The  husband  of  the  plaint  to  make.  prisoner  appeared  in  court,  and  informed  his  Worship  that  his  Lord  Berners,  one  of  the  deputy-chairmen  of  the  quarter  wife  had  unfortunately  for  a  long  time  been  addicted  to  drink.  sessions,  said  that  he  had  visited  the  gaol  constantly,  and  He  had  separated  from  her  for  some  time,  but  on  her  solemnly  had  never  heard  of  any  complaints  or  of  any  rumours  of  promising  (not  long  since)  that  her  life  should  be  no  longer  a  such  cases  of  starvation  as  had  been  mentioned  at  the  recent  reproach  to  her  husband  and  children,  he  consented  to  take  investigation.  her  back.  Unhappily  she  but  too  speedily  forgot  her  pro-  In  reply  to  the  CommissioNEßS,  his  lordship  admitted  that  raise,  and  was:n  .  o  sooner  admitted  within  her  husband's  home,  the  punishments  by  flogging  appeared  large  in  number,  but  than  she  again  gave  herself  up  to  her  abandoned  habits.  the  punishment  itself  was  of  so  light  a  character,  that  in  On  seeing  this  the  husband  resolved  to  guard  the  peace  and  some  instances  the  prisoners  laughed  at  it.  Major  Jebb  morals  of  his  children  by  separating  from  her,  and  he  ac achad  had achad  approved  of  the  cranks.  cordingly  gave  orders  that  she  should  be  no  longer  admitted  Sir  Henry  Halford  also  said  that  the  system  had  been  within  his  doors.  On  Monday  night,  however,  she  came  to  adopted  with  the  sanction  of  Major  Jebb.  his  lodgings  at  64,  Myrtle  Street,  and  there  created  the  Sir  F.  G.  Fowkes,  Bart.,  said  that  he  had  been  a  magis  disturbence  with  which  she  was  now  charged.  The  hus hustrate  trate hustrate  for  many  years.  He  had  never  heard  of  prisoners  Band,  who  appeared  to  be  a  very  respectable  man,  stated  being  kept  without  food.  He  had  not  devoted  any  time  to  that  he  had,  to  give  up  his  employment  at  Mr.  Laird's,  the  gaol  since  the  crank  system  had  been  introduced.  ship-builder,  in  coniequende  of  the  annoyance  which  he  The  Rev.  John  Dudley  said  he  was  91  years  of  age,  and  received  from  his  wife,  and  that  although  he  was  ready  aid  had  been  a  magistrate  nearly  46  years.  He  had  frequently  willing  to  support  his  children,  yet  that  he  could  not  allow  visited  the  gaol,  both  in  the  olden  and  the  modern  time.  her  a  separate  maintenance.  The  Magistrate  said  that  the  He  had  never  heard  of  any  such  rumours  as  that  the  people  Court  could  give  him  no  relief.  He  could  only  fine  the  had  been  starved  in  the  gaol.  prisoner  for  being  drunk,  but  if  she  further  annoyed  him  Mr.  C.  IL  Frewen,  M.P.  for  Sussex,  also  spoke  to  the  she  s  hould STYLE=superscript  be STYLE=superscript  bound STYLE=superscript  over STYLE=superscript  to STYLE=superscript  keep STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  peace.  The  prisoner  same  effect,  that  he  had  never  heard  of  such  rumours  •  b  u  t  was  lined  ss.  was  a  very  unfrequent  visitor  of  the  gaol,  as  he  resides  on  ASSAULTS.—Louisa  Burton,  a  woman  of  the  town,  was  the  boarders  of  Rutland.  charged  by  Peter  Bell  with  stabbing  him  in  the  neck  and  Mr.  Isaac;  Hodgson  said  he  was  a  visiting  lustiee  from  several  other  parts  of  his  body,  She  was  ordered  to  pay  108,,  After  the  conclusiOnOlig.  Ilberry's  evidence,  the  Coro Coroner  ner Coroner  directed  Berry,  the  guard  of  the  passenger  train,  to  be  taken  into  custody,  as  it  appeared  he  had  not  complied  with  the  regulationvbove  quoted.  He  was  accordingly  arrested,  and  consignedith  the  other  prisoners,  to  Naas  gaol.  Mr.  CURRAN  then  applied  for  an  adjournment  of  the  in inquest  quest inquest  to  Wednesday,  on  the  ground  that  he  had  another  en engagement  gagement engagement  of  lengthened  standing  at  Baltinglass,  and  also  that  it  was  necessary  for  the  prisoners  to  enable  them  to  make  preparations  for  their  defence.  Several  of  the  jurors  having  stated  that  it  would  be  in inconvenient  convenient inconvenient  for  them  to  attend  on  Tuesday  (this  day),  the  Coroner  accordingly  adjourned  the  inquest  to  Wednesday  at  eleven  o'clock.  LATEST  ACCOUNT  OF  THE  SUFFERERS.  Mr.  Lowry,  of  Cumberland,  and  his  two  sisters  are  suf sufferers  ferers sufferers  by  the  late  accident—one  lady  seriously,  Mr.  Lowry  and  the  other  slightly.  They  are  progressing  favourably,  and  are  staying  at  the  Shelboume  Hotel,  where  they  are  paid  every  attention  under  .  the  care  of  Surgeon  Rynd.  Mrs.  Croker  Barrington,  and  Mr.  Berrie  Jones,  of  Clonakilty,  were  also  slightly  injured.  Mr.  Jones,  though  much  bruised  and  shake;  is  progressing  favourably  ;  and  Mrs.  and  Miss  Jones,  who  were  with  him  in  the  carria STYLE=superscript  g  e, STYLE=superscript  providentially  escaped  unhurt.  Mrs.  Latham  Blacker,  although  she  passed  a  tolerably  good  night,  is  suffering  so  much  from  the  effects  of  injuries  sustained  by  her  as  to  be  unable  to  bear  the  journey  from  Straffan  to  Dublin.  Mrs.  Croker  Barrington  is  going  on  very  favourably.  The  sufferers  at  Steven's  Hospital  are  progressing  towards  recovery.  One  of  them,  Miss  Farrell,  was  removed  to  her  private  residence  on  Satur Saturday.  day. Saturday.  The  children  staying  at  Lyons's  are  considered  out  of  danger.  Surgeon.  Adams  and  Mr.  Mourits  have  both  been  in  attendance,  and  they  pronounce  the  boy  nearly  con convalescent.  valescent. convalescent.  Miss  Knapp  is  still  confined  to  her  bed,  but  no  danger  is  apprehended.  EMIGRATION.  —Two  hundred  and  fifty  persons  left  Water Waterford  ford Waterford  on  Saturday,  for  Liverpool,  en  route  for  America.  T  H  E  QUEEN'S  UravEasrry  IN  IRELAND.—The  ceremony  of  conferring  degrees  on  the  several  students  of  the  colleges  of  this  university,  took  place  yesterday  in  Dublin  Castle.  There  was  a  crowded  and  distinguished  attendance,  and  the  proceedings  were  conducted  by  the  Lord  Chancellor  and  the  Lord  Lieutenant.  HORRIBLE  ACCIDENT.—On  Saturday,  a  young  child  aged  14  months  fell  from  a  window  in  East  James's  Street,  and  was  literally  impaled  on  the  area  railings  below.  The  little  sufferer  was  immediately  . STYLE=superscript  removed  to  the  City  of  Dublin  Hospital,  where  it  now  hes."
