text
"embroglio  Ever  since  RURIK,  the  Scandinavian  freebooter,  conquered  the  Slavonic  and  Finnish  tribes  on  the  Baltic,  and  bestowed  upon  his  newly-acquired  territory,  the  hateful  and  hated  name  of  Russia,  has  one  undeviating  policy  been  perseveringly  pur pursued  sued pursued  towards  the  Ottoman  Empire.  Her  aim,  object,  and  pursuit,  have  been  aggression  —aggres aggression  sion aggression  upon  any  pretext,  and  under  any  circum  stances.  Those  of  our  readers  acquainted  with  the  black  and  barbarous  history  of  Russia  will  not  be  astonished  at  the  character  of  Prince  GORTSCHA GORTSCHAKOFF'S  KOFF'S GORTSCHAKOFF'S  Note,  or  the  EMPEROR'S  Manifesto.  Nearly  a  thousand  years  have  now  elapsed  since  the  first  expedition  was  undertaken  to  the  Bos Bosphorus,  phorus, Bosphorus,  and  when  the  Eastern  metropolis  was  first  attacked.  Unfortunately,  on  that  occasion,  the  Russian  marauders  were  but  too  successful,  and  the  Greeks  had  frequently  to  yield  to  their  extor extortionate  tionate extortionate  and  villanous  demands.  NICHOLAS  in  the  nineteenth,  is  but  too  faithful  a  copy  of  his  pro prototype  totype prototype  SVIATOSLAV  in  the  ninth,  century  !  Indeed,  the  latter  was  the  more  honourable  of  the  two  ;  for  whilst  he  failed  not  to  disclose  his  policy,  the  former  has  employed  every  secret  art  iu  order  to  conceal  his.  In  invading  Bulgaria,  and  advancing  upon  Adrianople,  SVIATOSLAV  honestly  avowed  his  intention  of  spoliation,  and  to  become  possessed  of  countries  so  rich  in  productiveness,  and  cele celebrated  brated celebrated  as  commercial  marts.  But  in  occupying  the  Principalities,  and  demanding  the  right  of  a  Protectorate  over  12,000,000  of  Ottoman  subjects,  the  CZAR  NICHOLAS  would  hide  his  daring  and  boundless  ambition  under  the  plea  of  regard  for  the  interests  of  the  orthodox  Christians  Hor Horrible  rible Horrible  hypocrisy  !  True,  this  is  no  new  feature  in  the  history  of  Russian  craft.  The  Empress  CATHERINE  11.,  who  was  opposed  alike  to  all  forms  of  Christianity,  and  whom  VOLTAIRE,  and  others,  have  eulogised  in  consequence,  adopted  a  similar  pretext  in  order  to  render  Poland  and  Turkey  subservient  to  her  power.  She,  too,  viola violated  ted violated  treaties—having  declared  Crimea  a  province  of  her  empire,  and  expelled  the  KHAN  by  a  most  extraordinary  system  of  stratagem,  which,  fortu fortunately  nately fortunately  for  the  OTTOMAN  empire,  did  not  prove  entirely  successful,  owing  to  the  prompt  inter.•-  vention  of  the  Western  Powers.  Extension  of  territory—diffusion  of  domination—unlimited  ag aggrandisement—are  grandisement—are aggrandisement—are  the  cherished  designs  of  the  Imperial  Muscovite.  Like  another  ALEXANDER,  he  sets  no  scope  to  his  ambition—no  bounds  to  his  designs—and  would  fain  subdue  the  world  by  prostrating  all  nations  at  his  feet  !  It  has  been  justly  observed  that,  like  CATALINE,  he  is  sui  profusus,  alieni  cupiens,  and  acts  like  the  savage,  who  hews  down  the  tree  in  order  to  gather  its  Is  it  any  wonder,  therefore,  that  all  govern governments  ments governments  of  Europe  should  regard  with  a  jealous  eye  the  progress  of  Russia  in  the  East?  Her  past  history,  and  the  avowed  intentions  of  her  former  CZARS,  can  leave  no  doubt  as  to  her  positive  inten intentions.  tions. intentions.  In  the  last  Will  and  Testament  left  by  PETER  the  Great  to  the  Empire,  that  injunction  is  strongly  insisted  upon  ENCROACH  AS  FAR  AS  POSSIBLE  IN  THE  DIRECTION  OF  THE  INDIES  AND  We  know  what  a  servile  race  the  Russians  are,  and  how  superstitiously  they  would  regard  such  an  Imperial  requirement.  On  this  policy  all  Russia  is  therefore  bent,  from  the  AUTOCRAT  himself  down  to  his  meanest  serf.  And  the  success  she  had  experienced  during  the  cam campaign  paign campaign  of  1829,  on  the  coast  of  the  Black  Sea,  has  only  served  to  excite  new  efforts,  and  revive  old  hostilities,  in  order  to  obtain  this  long-cherished  ultimatum  of  her  hopes.  After  the  treaty  of  Adrianople  had  been  con confirmed,  firmed, confirmed,  Count  NESSELRODE,  in  his  despatch  to  the  Grand  Duke  CONSTANTINE  (dated  the  12th  Feb.,  1830),  after  eulogising  the  prowess  of  the  Russian  armies,  and  their  capability  of  overthrowing  the  OTTOMAN  Empire  in  Europe,  observed,  But  . STYLE=superscript  the  EMPEROR  was  of  opinion,  that  this  monarchy,  re reduced  duced reduced  to  exist  only  under  the  protection  of  Russia,  and  made  to  obey  uo  other  wishes  than  hers,  suited  better  our  political  and  commercial  interests  than  any  new  combination  which  would  have  compelled  us.  either  to  extend  our  dominions  too  rapidly  by  conquest,  or  to  substitute,  in  place  of  the  OTTOMAN  Empire,  other  States  which  might  soon  become  'our  rivals  in  power,  civilisation,  industry  and  riches.  .  .  .  Since  we  thus  do  not  wish  the  ruin  of  the  Turkish  government,  we  seek  the  means  of  maintaining  it  in  its  present  dependent  state  As  this  government  cannot  be  useful  to  us  except  by  its  dependence,  we  must  demand  from  it  a  strict  observance  of  its  engage engagements,  ments, engagements,  and  A  PROMPT  REALIZATION  OF  OUR  Here  is  the  key  to  the  AUTOCRAT'S  real  intentions.  We  suspected  his  aim  from  the  first  moment  that  he  not  only  demanded  but  enforced  His  dilatory  policy  has  proved  ad admirably  mirably admirably  successful  ;  and  whilst  he  has  been  fooling  the  mediating  Powers  with  hopes  of  an  amicable  arrangement,  he  has  been  perfecting  his  plans— plansconsolidating  consolidating plansconsolidating  his  armies—and  gaining  a  greater  conquest  by  the  lapse  of  time  than  he  could  pos possibly  sibly possibly  have  obtained  by  the  bloodiest  pitched  battle.  The  daring  hardihood  and  flagrant  false falsehood  hood falsehood  exhibited  in  the  Imperial  Manifesto  itself  cannot  be  surpassed.  NICHOLAS  upon  the  flimsiest  and  falsest  pretensions  declares  war  with  the  PORTE.  A  casus  belli  has  been  established  ;  and  the  peace  of  Europe  is  again  jeopardised  after  a  period  of  forty  years  tranquility.  And  is  this,  in  sober  truth,  the  issue  of  diplomatic  truckling  and  shuffling—by  courtesy  called  interven intervention  tion intervention  Surely  the  GREAT  WIZARD  of  the  North  must  have  had  all  the  diplomatists  of  Europe  in  his  Impe  rial  conjuring  -box,  where  they  have  been  fairly  jug juggled  gled juggled  out  of  their  senses;  or  else  this  mighty  and  wily  Mesmerist  has  been  practising  his  art  upon  them;  and  by  his  subtle  seances,  charmed  them  into  a  state  of  when  they  became  transmog transmogrified  rified transmogrified  into  ready  instruments  of  his  omnipotent  will  !  We  know  not  otherwise  how  to  regard  such  extraordinary  oversight  as  they  have  exhibit exhibited  ed exhibited  ;  and  the  nationalities  of  Europe  will  have  to  require  a  faithful  account  of  those  into  whose  hands  they  have  committed  their  respective  des destinies.  tinies. destinies.  Russian  cajolery  has  been  no  secret;  and  the  other  Powers  should  have  known  what  degree  of  credit  was  proper  to  bestow  upon  professions  emanating  from  such  a  quarter.  Judging  from  the  Manifesto  issued  from  the  Imperial  palace  of  NICHOLAS  I.  the  grace  of  one  would  suppose  that  the  SULTAN  himself  was  the  aggressor—that  it  was  Turkey  which  violated  international  treaties,  and  held  possession  of  Russian  material  that  the  Danube  had  been  crossed  by  hordes  of  Ottoman  invaders,  in  order  to  subjugate  the  Russian  Empire,  and  make  it  tributary  to  their  own  !  One  would  further  be  led  to  believe  that  the  CZAR  was  one  of  the  most  ill-used  beings  in  the  world—that,  since  the  days  of  JOB,  so  exemplary  an  example  of  patience  was  never  manifested—that,  in  fact,  he  had  employed  every  stratagem,  and  used  the  utmost  solicitations  to  cause  Turkey  respond  to  the  pacific  efforts  of  .Europe,  as  well  as  his  own  spirit  of  long-suffering  and  that  the  being  inexorable  and  bent  upon  spoliation  and  carnage,  no  other  course  was  left  for  Russia  than  to  put  her  trust  in  Gon,  and  have  recourse  to  force  of  Does  NICHOLAS  really  mean  to  experi experiinentalize  inentalize experiinentalize  upon  us,  by  making  us  believe  that  black  is  white?  He  has  played  his  game  successfully  in  some  quarters.  Has  this  success  increased  his  daring,  and  does  he  mean  to  play  the  knave  further  ?  If  this  be  the  case,  we  tell  him  'tis  no  go  !'—a  phrase  for  which  he  will  find  no  suitable  word  in  his  own  language,  and  which  ho  will  be  necessi necessitated  tated necessitated  to  learn,  like  most  other  good  things,  by  ex experience.  perience. experience.  The  first  broadside  he  receives  from  our  British  Navy  he  might  regard  as  the  inaugural  lesson  in  Saxon  The  closing  paragraph  or  this  extraordinary  Manifesto  is  a  piece  of  sheer  blasphemous  assump assumption—  tion— assumption—  the  very  quintessence  of  falsehood  and  hy hypocrisy—the  pocrisy—the hypocrisy—the  crowning  act  of  Russian  perfidy  and  rascality.  After  stating  the  case  between  both  Powers  in  as  false  a  light  as  it  could  well  be  represented—having  taken  cre credit  dit credit  for  a  policy  which  he  did  not  pursue—for  vir virtues  tues virtues  which  he  did  not  possess—for  good  faith  whioh  he  violated—this  arch-hypocrite  solemnly  conjures  the  ALMIGHTY  to  bless  his  hand  and  his  arms  in  so  holy  a  cause  and  positively  profanes  the  language  of  DAVID  by  adopting  it  as  his  own  :  In.  to  Domine  speravi,  non  Confundar  in  If  this  be  not  enough  to  damn  NICHOLAS  in  the  eyes  of  all  the  civilized  world,  we  know  not  what  is.  He  it  was  who  first  flung  down  the  gauntlet— gauntletand  and gauntletand  now  after  humbugging  the  Four  Powers  for  six  .  months  together,  strengthening,  in  the  meantime,  his  armies  of  occupation  in  the  Turkish  territory,—  he  comes  out  with  a  Declaration  of  War  !  and  no  longer  conceals  his  direct  intentions.  War  a  outrance  is  his  arrogant  and  ambitious  policy  He  had  hitherto  provoked  it.  He  next  professed  anxiety  to  avert  it.  He  now  calls  for  it.  Then,  GOD  defend  the  Right  Oun  local  taxes  on  bread  to  which  we  directed  attention  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  is  one  of  those  glaring  commercial  anomalies  which  belong  more  to  the  days  of  Gog  and  Magog,  than  to  the  present  era.  In  treating  of  such  sub subjects  jects subjects  we  are  bound,  in  justice  to  parties,  to  trace  out  the  true  source  from  whence  such  evils  take  their  date  and  assume  the  force  of  mischief.  That  certain  predilections  influence  the  thoughts  and  actions  of  those  who  preside  over  our  local  affairs  no  one  will  pretend  to  deny,  and  the  past  and  cur  rent  history  of  this  Borough  may  be  fairly  cited  to  show  that  in  ascribing  to  the  dominant  party  the  existence  of  the  iniquitous  imposts  which  effec  t  the  prices  of  both  grain  and  flour  in  our  market,  we  did  no  more  than  was  necessary  to  lay  the  blame  on  the  right  shoulders.  Apart  altogether  from  political  considerations,  however,  the  injurious  effects  of  heavy  Dock  dues  and  other  excessive  charges  on  produce  shipped  to  this  port  are  so  unmistakeable  that  we  shall  not  cease  to  agitate  the  abrogation  of  one,  and  the  remodeling  of  the  other,  until  we  see  both  placed  on  a  rational  and  commercial  basis.  If  the  Birkenhead  Dock  Company  have  so  managed  the  capital  employed  in  the  construction  of  their  Docks  as  to  be  able  to  calculate  on  a  dividend  from  their,  dock  charges  against  ships,  and  without  dema  n  d  ing  exorbitant  dues  on  cargo,  the  fact  simply  shows  that  the  capital  expended  by  the  Liverpool  Dock  Committee  has  not  been  employed  with  a  due  re regard  gard regard  to  the  real  interests  of  our  port,  or  with  the  same  commercial  views,  and  that  their  enormous  expenditure  is  but  the  beginning  of  the  end,  of  a  bad  and  reckless  principle.  -  The  Dock  accommodations  at  Birkenhead  are  by  no  means  inferior  to  those  on  this  side  of  the  river,  and  yet  they  can  afford  to  admit  millions  of  quar quarters  ters quarters  of  wheat  and  flour  free  of  Dock  charges,  and  to  cart  and  warehouse  them  at  one-third  the  charges  demanded  in  our  Docks.  And  what  is  still  more  astounding  they  can  insure  merchandise  against  the  risks  of  fire,  for  one-third  the  rates  of  insurance  demanded  in  Liverpool.  Now  as  we  do  not  believe  in  the  existence  of  witchcraft  among  the  good  people  of  Birkenhead,  we  are  not  a  little  puzzled  to  find  a  sound  and  legitimate  reason  on  which  to  found  a  belief,  that  by  proper  management  the  Dock  Committee  could  not  accomplish  all  that  lies  within  the  reach  of  our  near  neighbours.  The  dynamics  involved  in  the  elucidation  of  the  phe phenomena  nomena phenomena  of  railways,  or  steam  navigation  are  matters  much  easier  to  comprehend,  than  that  profound  inuendoism  which-  surround  all  questions  con connected  nected connected  with  the  .  propriety  of  reductions  in  charges  On  those  matters  the  butcher,  baker,  grocer,  and  tailor,  are  all  perfect  Chancellors  of  the  Exche Exchequer.  quer. Exchequer.  Spectacles,  ready  reckoners,  receipts  for  taxes,  church  rates,  lighting,  water,  and  police,  are  all  brought  out  to  explain  the  innumerable  pros  -and  cons  in  favour  of  a  slight  advance  or  excess  of  charge.  The  utmost  show  of  respect  for  the  pockets  of  their  customers  seldom  answer,  however,  for  more  than  the  purpose  of  the  moment.  The  excessive  charge  is  paid,  but  the  payee  takes  care  to  remove  his  custom  to  some  cheaper  shops.  And  this  we  are  inclined  to  believe  will  be  the  case  with  shippers  to  this  port.  Short  of  a  grave  necessity,  such  as  the  convenience  merchants  feel  in  having  their  ships  close  to  their  counting-houses  and  stores,  nothing  will  keep  shippers  from  availing  themselves  of  the  advantages  offered  to  them  on  the  other  side  of  the  Mersey.  The  fact  of  making  a  necessary  demand  for  the  conveniences  afforded  by  a  public  trust,  or  laying  a  heavy  tax  on  the  mere  trade  necessities  of  the  mercantile  community,  is  not  a  system  which  redounds  to  the  wisdom  or  justice  of  its  pro propounders.  pounders. propounders.  The  funds  placed  at  the  disposal  of  the  Dock  Committee,  are  to  be  expended,  as  we  have  before  contended,  for  the  public  good.  And  if  they  are  disbursed  in  any  way  which  requires  the  payment  of  heavy  imposts  on  the  first  neces necessaries,  saries, necessaries,  of  life,  we  say,  distinctly,  that  the  expenditure  which  has  taken  place  on  such  hypothesis  is  open  to  the  most  serious  objections.  A  local  tax  upon  bread  equal  to  three-fourths  of  the  present  duty  upon  bread-stuffs,  swells  the  tariff  to  Is.  9d.  per  quarter.  This  becomes  more  and  more  intolerable  in  proportion  to  the  wants  of  the  public  at  large,  and  if  our  Dock  Authorities  reckon  on  the  continu continuance  ance continuance  of  high  dock  charges,  which  affect  the  great  masses,  because  the  necessities  of  a  few  merchants  compelled  them  to  submit  to  them,  they  will  find  themselves  most  egregiously  mistaken.  The  Trust  must  be  administered  for  the  general  good,  and  the  principle  which  lays  down  a  string  of  benefits,  which  are  to  be  derived  from  a  copious  catalogue  of  high  imposts,  must,  in  these  days  of  competition  and  public  scrutiny,  be  abandoned  for  some  other  mode  of  obtaining  the  object  in  view.  We  may  be  told  that  we  have  been  losing  sight  of  the  vast  benefits  which  the  town  has  derived  from  the  constrnction  of  Docks  and  other  public  works;  but  such  is  not  the  fact.  What  we  contend  is,  the  persons  undertaking  these  works  and  looking  at  their  magnitude,  had  no  right  to  proceed  on  data  which  embraced  heavy  dues  on  articles  of  general  consumption,  and  to  reckon  on  an  enormous  revenue  from  the  necessities  of  the  community.  This  alone,  however,  has  not  to  be  done,  but  other  excessive  charges  for  cartage  and  .insurance  have  been  added.  Here  we  may  be  told  again  that  distance  regulates  the  one,  and  risk  the  other  ;  but  these  are  both  contingencies  which  ought  to  have  been  foreseen  in  laying  down  a  great  and  comprehensive  undertaking  which  was  promoted  for  the  public  good.  It  is  not  enough  now  to  tell  us  that  our  warehouses  are  detached  from  the  Docks,  and  whatever  the  distance  is  we  must  pay  for  it.  'After  goods  have  cleared  our  Docks  and  are  taken  for  home  consumption,  the  cost  of  car carriage  riage carriage  is  entirely  an  other  affair;  but  as  long  as  they  remain  simply  ships  cargo,  received  at  the  cost  of  the  shipper,  there  ought  not  to  be  one  farthing  more  demanded  in  the  shape  of  charges,  than  the  payment  of  the  lowest  rate  of  interest  on  the  capital  sunk  would  allow-  On  the  subject  of  insurance  generally,  we  shall  offer  a  few  remarks  on  a  future  occasion.  THE  NEW  MAYOR:—Mr.  John  Buck  Lloyd,  the  new  mayor,  attended  at  St.  Peter's  church  yesterday,  according  to  usual  custom.  There  was  an  unusual  attendance  of  gen gentlemen  tlemen gentlemen  connected  with  the  'council,  and  other  gentlemen  o  the  town,  amounting  to  about  250.  Several  parties  could  not  get  into  the  church.  The  Rev.  Rector  Campbell  preached  the  sermon,  after  which  a  collection  was  made  in  support  of  the  Blue  School.  The  British  and  North  American  Mail  Steam-ship  Canada,  Capt.  Stone,  sailed  from  the  Mersey  for  Boston  on  Saturday  with  the  usual  mails,:a  large  cargo,  and  112  passengers,  The  Canada  was  to  have  sailed  at  nine  o'clock,  but  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  dense  fog  which  prevailed  she  did  not  leave  the  river  until  four  o'clock  p.m.  SUPPLEMENTARY  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION  FOR  MANCIIES MANCIIESTER.—On  TER.—On MANCIIESTER.—On  Wednesday  next  will  take  place  the  election  of  a  Councillor  for  All  Saint's  Ward,  in  the  place  of  Mr  Robert  Barnes,  who  has  been  elected  an  Alderman,  and  on  the  same  day  an  election  for  Collegiate  Church  Ward  will  take  place  in  the  room  of  Mr.  Abealeywood,  who  on  Wednesday  was  promoted  to  the  rank  of  Alderman.  SUPPLEMENTARY  MUNICIPAL  ELECTION  FOR  SALFORD.  —  On  Thursday  next  the  election  of  a  Councillor  for  Trinity  . STYLE=superscript  Ward  will  take  place  in  room  of  Mr.  Marsden,  elected  alderman.  CHESTER  AND  HOLYHEAD  RAILWAY.—TraffiC  for  the  week  ended  6th  November,  1853.—Railway,(includinc  , STYLE=superscript  °  Car Carnarvon  narvon Carnarvon  traffic),  £3,672  7s.  Id.  St  eam  B  oats,  £423  7s.Bd.  Total—£4,o9s  14s.  9d.  Corresponding  week  last  year—  Railway  £2,923  Is.  11d.  Steam  Boats,  £256  14s.  ld.  Total—£3,l79  16s.  IncreaseL-L915  18s.  9d.  HOLYHEAD.—The  Compeer,  schooner,  of  Salcombe,  from  Liverpool  to  St.  Michael's,  was  assisted  into  the  harbour  on  the  2nd  instant,  in  a  sinking  state,  and  with  rudder  un unshipped,  shipped, unshipped,  having  struck  on  the  Harry  Furlongs  Reef  during  the  night  of  October  31st.  LORD  POIVIS.—We  have  an  opportunity  of  knowing  that  the  Earl  of  Powis,  at  his  recent  rent  receipts  in  Shrews Shrewsbury  bury Shrewsbury  and  Montgomeryshire,  generously  returned  his  tenan tenantry  try tenantry  ten  per  cent.  The  noble  earl  has  also  given  orders  to  advance  the  workmen's  wages  on  his  several  estates,  in  con conconsequence  consequence conconsequence  of  the  increased  price  of  provisions.  POTATOES.—Within  the  last  fortnight  the  potato  disease  has  greatly  extended  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Garstang.  SHOAL  OF  HERRINGS.—During  some  weeks  past  More Morecambe  cambe Morecambe  Bay  has  been  densely  filled  with  herrings,  and  some  of  the  boats  from  Fleetwood  have  succeeded  in  taking  at  one  as  many  as  ten  thousand.  PASSENGERS  PER  ROYAL  MAIL  STEAM  SHIP  ASIA.  Count  de  Rottemond,  Countess  de  Rottemond  ;  Mrs.  Anthony  ;  Miss  M.  Monroe  ;  Mr.  Grosser  ;  Mrs.  Robe,  child,  and  servant  ;  Mrs.  Billbrough,  three  children,  and  nurse  ;  Miss  E.  Billbrough  ;  Messrs.  Cunliffe,  J.  Firkin,  McLean,  W.  H.  Gordon,  Johnston,  Markwald,  W.  Pun,  Drew,  G.  31.  Murray,  F.  R.  Loomis,  F.  Krepp,  Cox,  J.  S.  McMaster,  Cheeres,  Bell,  Ellwell,  W.  F.  Turner,  F.  Thomas,  J.  L.  Alfonso  ;  Miss  Carlet  on  ;  M  r  .  V  an  db  urg  ;  Deputy  Commissary  General  Carpenter,  Lady,  two  children,  and  servant  ;  Judge  Carleton  ;  Mrs.  Carleton  ;  Mr.  W.  B.  Taylor;  Mr.  Miller;  Mr.  Pemberton  ;  Captain  Cooper  ;  Mr.  Lorenz  ;  Mrs.  Melbourne  and  Sister  ;  Father  Van  Keeth,  and  maid  servant  ;  Messrs.  J.  S.  Martin,  J.  Sauve Sauvedra,  dra, Sauvedra,  Jones,  Stansbury,  Decie,  F.  Neale,  J.  R.  Sarens  ;  Miss  Farrington  ;  Messrs.  Everett,  0.  Mazzin,  Barbrier,  J.  Brown,  H.  Uri,  Flannery,  J.  Deans.  Sixty-six  passen passenger,_  ger,_ passenger,_  s  and  $986,000  in  specie.  MISS  GLYNN'S  READINGS  FROM  SHAKSPERE.—MiSS  Glynn  read  the  tragedy  of  at  the  Concert  Hall,  on  Saturday  evening.  The  Hall  was  densely  crowded,  and  the  audience  listened  with  the  deepest  attention,  only  broke  by  an  occasional  burst  of  involuntary  applause  to  the  exqui exquisite  site exquisite  reading  of  this  singularly  gifted  actress.  Every  part  in  the  tragedy  was  delivered  with  an  effect  scarcely  less  than  that  of  an  acted  drama.  Without  either  abruptness  or  dramatic  effect,  Miss  Glynn  succeeded  in  impressing  upon  the  audience  a  distinct  conception  of  every  character.  In  the  sudden  and  wild  malediction  into  which  Lear  breaks  into  in  the  first  act—in  his  ravings  upon  the  heath  amid  the  storm,  and  the  scenes  of  exquisite  pathos  which  follows  his  subsequent  meeting  with  Cordelia,  the  powers  of  the  actress  reached  the  climax.  In  the  hypocrisy  of  Edmund,  the  bitter  sarcasims  of  the  Fool,  and  the  truthful  tenderness  of  Cordelia,  were  not  less  vividly  embodied  by  the  voice  of  the  reader.  Miss  Glynn  was  called  for  at  the  close  of  the  per performance,  formance, performance,  and  again  enthusiastically  applauded.  THE  LATE  LIEUTENANT-GENERAL  SIR  CHAS.  NAPIER.--•  A  paragraph  having  lately  appeared  in  sonic  of  the  papers,  to  the  effect  that  Sir  Charles  Napier's  will  had  been  proved,  and  the  personal  estate  sworn  under  it  may  be  right  to  state  that  probate  was  taken  out  only  on  Friday  week  by  Lieutenant-Colonel  John  Pitt  Kennedy,  joint  trustee  of  the  will  with  Lady  Napier,  and  that,  instead  of  £200,000,  the  amount  was  sworn  under  £20,000.  Preparations  have  been  commenced  for  laying  a  second  line  of  rails  from  Bicester  to  the  Claydon  junction,  on  the  Bucks  Railway.  When  finished,  there  will  be  double  lines  from  Oxford  to  Bletchley.  The  premises  of  Messrs.  Lea  and  Co.,  white-coopers,  St.  James's-street,  were  forcibly  entered  into  last  night.  I.ast  evening  a  person  belonging  to  the  ship  .  Annie  Foster,  lying  in  the  B  ram  l  e  y-M  oore  Dock  was,  during  a  quarrel,  stabbed  in  sevceal  places,  and  sustained  serious  injury.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
