text
"ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  •  NOTICE!  NOTICE!  NOTICE!  CHRISTMAS  HOLIDAYS  !  04  MONDAY,  Dec.  26th,  a  Grand  MID-DAY  PERFORMANCE  will  take  place,  at  Two  o'clock.  The  Performance  will  commence  with  the  Drama  of  THE  CHILDREN  IN  THE  WOOD.  To  conclude  with,  for  the  first  ilme,  the  NEW  PANTOMIME,  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE..  Parliament-Street,  near  St.  James's  Market  Extraordinary  Christmas  Attraction.—NeW  Magniloquently  Giand,  Comical,  Local,  Operatical,  Cabalistical,  and  Anachronismatical  CHRISTMAS  PANTOMIME,  entitled,  ORMSHEAD  Tau  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  &amp;  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  F  SNOWDON.  Written  expressly  for  this  theatre  by  the  author  of  Ye  Siege  of  &amp;c.,  with  new  and  beauti beautiful  ful beautiful  scenery,  by  Mr.  John  Wright,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre,  Mr.  Liver,  and  assistants;  properties  by  Mr.  Haines;  Music,  composed  by  Mr.  Hope  ;  Machinery,  by  Mr.  Jackson  ;  dresses  by  Mr.  West  and  assistants;  and  the  whole  produced  under  the  immediate  superintendence  of  the  Lessee,  Mr.  R.  Edgar.  Snowdrop,  the  Fair  Flower  of  Snowdon,  with  a  few  airs  the  author  has  thrust  upon  her,  Miss  Marriott  ;  Lushian  e  ,  a  d  ou  btf  u  l  spec  i  men  of  a  Fairy,  afterwards  - STYLE=superscript  Clowri;  Mr.  J.  Appleby  ;  Davydd  Jones,  an  ancient  Briton,  Mr.  Wilmore,  afterwards  Pantaloon,  Dir.  P.  Anderson,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury.lane  ;  Edward  Morgan,  with  a  terrific  corn 'cornbat,-Mr.'  S.  Lennox,  afterwards  Harlequin,  Signor  Guarrino,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre;  Jenny  Jones,  the  Flower  of  North  Wales,  Mrs.  J.  Appleby,  afterwards  Columbine,  Mad'lle  Rose,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Edinburgh;  Sprite,  Signor  Vilderini,  the  wonderful  contortionist  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane.  The  remainder  of  the  characters  by  the  entire  Dramatic  and  Pantomimic  artistes  attached  to  the  establishment,  forming  the  most  complete  and  powerful  cast  ever  submitted  to  a  Liverpool  public.  The  Pantomime  will  be  preceded  by  a  grave  Episode,  in  which  the  shades  of  Joe  Miller  and  the  Author  will  have  very  lively  representa representatives.  tives. representatives.  Doors  open  at  half-past  six,  to  commence  at  seven  o'clock  pre precisely.  cisely. precisely.  Prices  of  admission.—Dress  Boxes,  Front  Boxes,  2s.  Pit,  la.;  Gallery,  Gd.  Half-price  to  the  Boxes  at  Nine  o'clock.  Books  of  the  Pantomime  may  be  obtained  at  the  Theatre.  AME  PIES!  GAME  PIE  - STYLE=superscript  8  !=The  Celebrated  kir  Yorkshire  Game  Pies  !—The  greatest  Treat  of  the  season  for  Christmas  Parties..  Suitable  for  Ladies,  as  well  as  Epicures,  and  everybody  else.  Made  only  by  W.  LAWTON,  BEE  HOTEL,  Queen-square  =who  contracts  for  Public  Balls,  Suppers  Entertainments—where  and  other  large  will  be  found  Good  Beds,  Good  Viands  Good  Wines,  &amp;c..  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  Tins  DAY—Morning,  4h.  59m  .  ...  Afternoon,  sh.  33m.  ---  SATURDAY,  DECEMBER  24,  1853,  THE  measure  of  commercial  reform  proposed  by  the  United  States  is  now  before  the  world,  and  it  is  just  .the  Comprehensive  and  liberal  pro pro,posal  ,posal pro,posal  we  have  anticipated.  It  deals  with  the  re reduction  duction reduction  of  high  import  duties  as  a  great  national  requirement.  ;  The  old  system  of  Collectingonstorni  .revenue,  which  was  both  complicated  and  costly,  is  to  be  placed  on  a  simple  and  economical  footing.  First,  the  present  Free  List  is  to  be  so  enlarged  as  to  take  in  a  great  variety  of  articles  now  almost  prohibited  by  the  operation  of  the  existing  tariff  dues.  Secondly,  the  duty-paying  articles  are  all  to  be  brought  under  25  per  'cent.  ad  valorem,'  or  .  100  per  cent.  ad  valorem.  The  principle  of  ad  valorem  duties  is  to  be  adhered.  to  in  all  cases,  unless  Con  gress  should  make  exceptions,  in  which  case  thy  will  be  specified  in  a  separate  list.  The  articles  which  are  likely  to  be  most  benefited  by  the  pro proposed  posed proposed  reduction  to  25  per  cent.  are  the  following,  which  we  show  under  the  h  ea  d  s  o  f  p  r  esent  an  d  proposed  duties,  with  the  amount  of  reduCtion  in  each  case  :  PRESENT  DUTY.  PROPOSED.  Per  cent.  Per  cent.  Reduction  Carpets  of  all  kinds  30  25  ..  Clothing  of  all  kinds_  ...30  ...  5  Flowers  and  Feathers  ...30  ...  25  ...  5  Straw  for  Hats  30  ...  25  ...  5  Woollens  3O  ...  25  ...  Embroidered  Goods  3O  ...  25  ...  5  Wool  under  10e.  per  lb.  30  ...  free.  ...  30,  Hemp.  :30  ...  25  ...  5  I,inei.  l STYLE=superscript  3  '25  free.  ...  25  In  orde  . STYLE=superscript  r  to  appreciate  the  full  value  of  this  clpinge  we  must  take  into  , STYLE=superscript  account  the  actual  amount  of  du_ty  paid  on  them,  and  we.find_  )ay  the  latest  returns  'that  the.  amount  of  duty  paid  on-Woollens  this  year  is  7,574,530  dollars;  Cotton,  6,658,337  dollars;  Hempen,  95,834  dollars;  Total  on  these  three  articles,  14,328,701  dollars.  The  reduction  of  duty,  or  in  other  words,  the  amount  of  relief  given  to  the  trade  by  the  proposed  changes  upon  the  articles  above  enumerated,  will  be  in  round  numbers,  about  4,500,000  dollars.  This  con concession  cession concession  at  a  moment  when  the  stecks  of  nearly  every  duty-paying  article  stand  at  a  remarkably  low  point,  must  be  hailed  by  the  manufacturers  of  the  Northern  countries  as  a  great  boon,  and  its  value  becomes  the  more  enhanced  when  we  consider  the  position  of  the  manufacturing  districts  at  this  Moment.  The  new  American  tariff  will  not  come  into  operation  before  the  Ist  January,  1855.  The  ob object  ject object  of  thus  fixing  so  long  a  period  before  the  change  comes  into  effect,  is  to  allow  time  for  the  present  holders  of  stocks  to  clear  off  the  goods  on  hands.  Still  the  effect  of  the  change  will  be  felt  here  almost  immediately,  particularly  in  the  manu manufacture  facture manufacture  of  those  articles  which  have  hitherto  been  prohibited,  and  those  which  require  time  in  order  to  produce  them  in  any  considerable  quantity.  Deferring  the  date  of  this  change  is  not  an  act  of  honest  caution  towards  the  American  merchant  alone,  but  it  is  one  of  equal  justice  to  our  manu manufacturers,  facturers, manufacturers,  who  are  also  large  holders  of  goods  for  the  American  market.  A  sudden  alteration  in  the  commercialrelations  of  America  would,  in  fact,  be  productive  of  many  lamentable  consequences  to  both  producerB  and  consuMers,  while  it  could  answer  no  legitimate  end.  The  caution  observed  in  its  promulgation  is  therefore  one  of  its  most  valuable  features.  In  the  present  prosperous  condition  of  the  United  States,  the  quantity  of  foreign  manufac manufactures  tures manufactures  in  stock  at  the  present  time  will  be  entirely  disposed  of,  unless  indeed  that  speculators  should  be  induced  to  hold  over  for  higher  rates  under  the  operation  of  the  new  tariff.  But  as  no  sane  man  would  think  of  pursuing  - STYLE=superscript  such  a  course,  we  be believe  lieve believe  that  a  general  clearance  will  be  effected  long  before.  the  coming  year  expires,  and  that  a  two twofold  fold twofold  larger  demand  upon  our  •  producers  will  be  the  result.  And  as  the  American  government  have  been  prompted  to  adopt  Free  Trade  under  a  heavy  pressure  of'  positive  fiscal  prosperity,  and  as  they  only  retain  a  tariff  at  all  to  cover  the  national  debt,  we  are  inclined  to  believe  that  the  revenue  of  the  States  will  be  augmented  'instead  of  decreased,  and  that  in:obedience  to  the  sound  policy  which  has  dictated  the  present  change,  they  will  come  forward  with  a  still  bolder  and  more  perfect  measure  of  commercial  reform,  which  shall  leave  the  trade  of  America  as  free  as  her  soil,  or  the  air  her  citizens  breathe.  The  bullion  wealth  of  the  States  is  increasing  with  great  rapidity,  and  by  the  adoption  of  a  policy  which  must  tend  to  economise  the  power  of  the  precious  metals,  trade  will  attain  a  degree  of  solidity  hitherto  unknown  in  the  great  commer commercial  cial commercial  republic.  The  career  of  a  vast  industrial  nation  without  a  national  debt  and  with  millions  of  surplus  gold  lying  in  their  the  banksr  justice  can  scarcely  be  foreseen.  But  who  ca  n  queStion  the  wisdom  that  shall  direct  itsdestinies,  or  and  success  that  shall  mark  its  To  trade  with  America,  will  be  to  be  linked  to  a  great  pro  gressive  people,.  whose  d  es  ti  ny  appears  to  be  that  of  iliimitable  dominion.  She  has  commercial  fore  sight,  enterprise,  and  the  legislative'  wisdom  to  open  .new  countries  for  her  commerce,  and  she  comes  'to  us  to  supply  the  surplus  wants  of  her  merchants.  That  which  she  cannot  produce  her herself,  self, herself,  to  the  full  extent  of  her  people's  wants,  she  th  r  ows  open  to  the  world  to  supply.  In  time  these  wants  will  be  supplied  by  her  own  hands,  but  until  that  event  does  take  place,  the  ma manufacturing  nufacturing manufacturing  countries  of  Europe  may  expect  a  sea season  son season  of STYLE=superscript  unequalled  activity.  The  admission  of  linens_  duty  free  into  the  Union,  will  carry  comfort  to  the  door  of  almost  every  cottier  in  --- STYLE=superscript  Ireland.  A  concession  of  1,750,000  dollars  is  no  trifling  boon  to  the,  Irish  people.  But  what  will  be  the  amount  of  increased  employment  it  will  give  to  the  spin spinning-wheel  ning-wheel spinning-wheel  and  loom  of  the  Irish  - STYLE=superscript  peasant  ?  To  the  small  and  struggling  spinners  of  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  the  reduction  of  duty  on  woollens  will  be  no  less  a  boon—while  the  more  wealthy  millowner  will  spring  from  his  present  lordly  estate  to  that  of  princely  - STYLE=superscript  circumstances.  The  hardware  trades  of  Sheffield  and  Birmingham  also  lie  within  the  circle  of  increased  activity,  and  more  constant  employment.  And  we  are  mistaken,.  if  the  em employers  ployers employers  of  Preston  will  not  yield  to  the  call  of  Ame America  rica America  that  which  .they  have  refused  the  operatives  of  their  own  locality.  There  will  be  but  little  time  to  spare  or  lock  ere  the  spring  shall  be  but  half  spent.  •  The  springs  of  production  must  be  kept  in  motion  by  those  who  hope  to  participate  in  the  rapid  expansion  of  Free  Trade.  The  orders  from  America  will  be  large.  Brazil  will  be  a,  better  cus customer.  tomer. customer.  India  is  in  a  flourishing  condition.  Aus Australia's  tralia's Australia's  wealth  can  swallow  millions-of-our  products,  and  if  Russia  should  persist  in  shedding  blood,  her  downfall  is'c  ertain  and  her  prostration  would  open  to  our  trade  streams  of  wealth  that  would  amply  repay  us  for  her  subjugation  to  the  laws  of  peace  andna  tional  progression.-  To  exist,  she  must  seek  shelter  among  the  nations  'who  - STYLE=superscript  ,  look  to  the,  free  inter interchange  change interchange  of  their  peoples'  industry.  Having  thus  •  removed  the  circumstances  by  which  we  are  sur  ,rounded  at  the  present  moment,  we  can  find  no  in insurmountable  surmountable insurmountable  object  between  us  and  the  full  at attainment  tainment attainment  of  a  degree  of  commercial  prosperity,  hitherto  unknown  even  in  this  prosperous  Eng England.  land. England.  PERIIAPS  there  are  few  social  reforms  more  im  -  portant  than  that  which  is  now  engaging  public  attention—namely,  the  reclamation  of  juvenile  delinquents.  With  all  our  boasted  progress,other  nations  have  left  us  far  behind  in  some  particulars  —in  none  more  so  than  in  the  establishment  of  Refuges  for  criminal  children.  We  have,  at  immense,  expense,  erected  gaols  and'  penitentiaries  for  the  punishment  of  vice.  These  are  maintained  at  the  public  cost.  Whilst,  until  recently,  it  never  struck  us  that  prevention  was  better  than  cure—remedial  than  retributive  measures—and  that  to  reform•  the  young  thief  was  far  more  politic,  humane,  and  in incumbent,  cumbent, incumbent,  than  to  punish  him  for  a  while,  and  then  suffer  him  to  go  abroad,  that  he  might  again  prey  upon  society.  But  better  late  than  never  and  if  the  public  will  but  take  the  matter  up  •  vigorously  and  collectively,  their  present  zeal  will  go  far  towards  atoning  for  their  past  indifference.  A  Conference  of  noblemen  and  gentlemen  inte interested  rested interested  in  the  establishment  of  Reformatories  for  juvenile  criminals,  has  just  been  held  at  Birming Birmingham.  ham. Birmingham.  A  report  of  the  proceedings  appeared  •in  our  impression  of  Wednesday;  which,  we  must  say,  are  both  interesting-  and  instructive.  It  appears,  that  at  the  .beginning  of  the  present  year,  an  Indus Industrial  trial Industrial  School  for  criminal  children  was  established  in  that  town;  and,  from  the  report  of  the  Cora Coramitte9  mitte9 Coramitte9  of  the  Institution,  which  was  read  in  presence  of  the  Conference,  we  have  every  reason  to  regard  the  scheme  as  highly  practicable  and'  eminently  successfut  There  are  many  reasons  why  our  criminal  popu population—the  lation—the population—the  juvenile  portion  of  it  especially—should  be  mercifully  regarded  and  leniently  treated.  In  the  first  place,  society  bas  made  them  what  they  are,  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES."
