text
"Juverna,  from  Liverpool  to  Valparaiso,  12th  Sep.  lon.  23  W.  Freeland,  f  rom  Gl  asgow  t  o  Bahia,  16th  Sept.  is  is  lon.  24  W.  i  n  11  Primali,  Sunderland  to  Bombay,  12th  S  c STYLE=superscript  P  t• STYLE=superscript  lon.  23  W.,  by  the  Martaban.  Marianne,  7th  Oct.  in  lat.  45  N.,  lon.  19  W.  by  t  1  Clydeside,  17th  Oct.  in  lat.  53  N.,  lon.  5  I  V STYLE=superscript  Caesar.  CORK  (QUEENSTOWN),  OCT.  ARRIVEL—Levant,  Tolner,  from  Laguna'  MANCHESTER  CORN  EXCHANGB  c;II%1  ,_.O  At  to-day's  market,  an  extensive  business  e STYLE=superscript  bi!O  ed  at  improved  prices.  Mr.  Thomas  Swine°  , STYLE=superscript  '  n STYLE=superscript  says  With  the  excepti  on  o  f  a  slight  hea'ri  g  ,  nes STYLE=superscript  d  s STYLE=superscript  e  of  Flour  at  the  close  of  l  a  st  week,  the  Cora  •••:th  buoyant  in  the  interval  since  this  day  se'enigh  t STYLE=superscript  prices  for  Wheat  and  Flour  ;  Spring  Cora  was  -00  for  full  terms  ;  new  Oats  and  Me  a  l,  however,  cr  ere- STYLE=superscript  t  o  The  importation  from  America  has  aga  i  n  been  l  ic  K  the  area,  drawing  its  supply  of  Wheat  from  increasing  week  after  week,  and  the  stock  in  war  eh STYLE=superscript  de  j,  no  augmentation.  This  day's  Market  is  well  atteo STYLE=superscript  is  3d.  per  701bs.  dearer,  and  in  request  for  throest°,  Flour  is  ready  sale  at  2s.  advance,  and  Engli  sh STYLE=superscript  e  Is.  higher,  but  not  much  doing  therein.  °  3ts STYLE=superscript  ,  a  rf;'  Meal  without  change,  but  new,  being  in  better  -  a  ,  t  '  be  written  ls.  per  load  lower,  with  a  good  de  lla° STYLE=superscript  p  e  r  cline.  Beans  are  ready  sale  at  an  advance  of  2 STYLE=superscript  '  . STYLE=superscript  Indian  Corn  is  neglected.  Malt  brings  ex  tre- STYLE=superscript  Manchester  Averages  (imp  er  i  a  l)  f  or  the  week  °  dill STYLE=superscript  17  :—Wheat,  655.  11d.;  Oats,  265.  id.  vfill  WAGES  OF  SHIPWRIGHTS.-11(4.-  - STYLE=superscript  Y  SHIPBUILD_ERS.  On  Wednesday  a  meeting  of  the  Shipbullde'  o  r  of  Liverpool  was  held,  to  consider  the  questious  ployment  of  st  r  angers  in  the  y  ar  d  s  an  d  the  dock  rate  of  wages  to  be  paid  to  the  shipwrights  tbetay  chair  was  occupied.  by  Mr.  John  Wilson  Gr  e STYLE=superscript  9  other  members  of  the  association  present  Rely'  M'Keverio.an,  Pope,  Dawson,  Sutherby,  W.  I  Grayson,  Cato,  Potter,  Brown,  Royle,  Clover,  'll  Smith,  Royden,  Clarke,  M'Elroy,  Fitzpatric  k STYLE=superscript  ff  W.  B.  Jones,  Boyd,  Bell,  Clayt  on  ,  It.  WillianA  Costan.  The  CHAIRMAN,'in  opening  the  proceedings  the  present  position  of  the  shipbuilders  with  refe  men,  in  consequence  of  the  abolition  of  the  l  i STYLE=superscript  t  i  dinner,  on  the  18thof  October,  and  of  overtime  , STYLE=superscript  :  demanded  an  advance  of  wages  from  six  s  .  '  shillings  per  day,  which  the  masters  had  egr  subject  to  the  following  conditions  :  ,  i  vi  no  omnibus  or  car  money  be  allowed  °  0  next  ;  that  every  man  should  comm  e  n  c  e  work  1  7 STYLE=superscript  ,  and  that,  if  absent  through  drinking  or  any  a  t STYLE=superscript  r  e  d  cause,  one  shilling  per  hour  shall  be  &amp;allo  t/  wages  ;  that  heavy  penalties  should  be  inflicted  1;  dation  upon  any  man  leaving  his  ~  b  e  fel  l  discharge  ;  that  if  a  sufficient  number  of  Li  c STYLE=superscript  could  not  be  obtained  to  man  the  buildin  g  yai  be  employed  for  building  purposes  only;  and  tbs  o  be  eight  shillings  per  day,  and  no  over  time  0  11 STYLE=superscript  °,0  in  cases  of  emergency,  an  d  th  en  t  o  b  e  p  a  id  for  0 STYLE=superscript  one  shilling  per  fi  I  The  men  objected  to  the  proposition  relating  .7,  What  the  association  had  now  to  do  was  to  bind  '  in  a  formidable  manner  together,  and  the  coal  suggest  was  this  :  to  insist  upon  the  propositon  °,,  being  employed  in  building  yards  ;  and  that  the  '  as  one  man,  support  any  master  who  might  ill  C  C STYLE=superscript  O, STYLE=superscript  110  receive  annoyance  from  the  club  men.  Eight  6 STYLE=superscript  '  ,1 STYLE=superscript  day  was  a  vast  increase,  but  they  had  better  ev  e STYLE=superscript  .0 STYLE=superscript  I  wages  at  eight  shillings,  if  fixed,  than  have  Wisp  from  nine  shillings  to  ten  shillings,  and  upward  6 STYLE=superscript  '  c  i  elusion,  the  Chairman  recommended  the  renni  l STYLE=superscript  ec  ,  over  time,  except  in  moments  of  extreme  emergeD4  Mr.  CLAYTON  said,  that  on  account  of  the  Ine,„4  wages  here  the  pilots  had  gone  to  Ipswich  for  3 STYLE=superscript  4;1  as  it  could  be  built  for  £5OO  less  there  than  in  Lis  Mr.  ROYDEN  said  the  shipwrights  were  a  1) STYLE=superscript  ,  1  7  e  0  who  would  take  all  the  advantage  they  could  of  b  e  They  would  not  work  with  them  ;  and  es,'  0  that  a  ship  could  not  be  handled  with  only  tae  men,  it  amounted  to  an  actual  prohibition  o STYLE=superscript  t  il  Now,  he  (Mr.  Royden)  would  propo  s  e  to  1  1 STYLE=superscript  P'  40  0  entirely.  (Cheers.)  There  would  never  be  all'  satisfaction  unless  this  step  were  adopted.  ID,  ;  1  4  litt  n  .  ihha  o  nteegey  c  sobo,dm:i:dmrlwdnul  whatever  ovn:htsieacsectaheotaviuotoelonrds  eight  e  w  is  i  o  t  w  h  naa  sdc  t  he  men  whatever,  inn  ,1  1 STYLE=superscript  shillings,au  it,ge  holstueetpv  theletehn  cot  am  s  f  h  em  i  k  l  n  l  eo  i  e  n  d  ;  s STYLE=superscript  e:,  ,:i  i  d  r  tu  ,l.  if  perch  1  cfe  t  op  h  rt  o  the  meantime,  let  a  deputation  go  round  to  EngW„'''erch,  and  Scotland,  to  procure  men,  hundreds  of  whe'  r  ''  b  e  tl  obtained  ;  and  let  them  take  no  notice  of  the  Live  etc,  unless  the  latter  choose  to  ask  for  employment  u  ild  of  were  now,  he  himself  would  not  contract  O  ld  cos  via(  here;  and  he  repeated  that  the  masters  lO  u STYLE=superscript  he  1  i  be  completely  in  the  power  of  the  men  un  '  til  the  1  1...  k...  p  he  (Cors  )  ili  iA  1  1  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  club  could  be  broken  't,.!,  Mr.  CATO  said  that,  on  the  previousl  t..  --4 STYLE=superscript  weeks.  be  1  1  0  -.Lb  conversing  with  respect  to  the  position  o  f  jr.3  •-•  bet  , STYLE=superscript  Clarke  was  building  a  new  vessel,  but  not  a  in  all STYLE=superscript  or  day,  e  lark.  6 STYLE=superscript  lilt  to  the  club  would  go  into  his  yard,  and  thus  g  r STYLE=superscript  '  - STYLE=superscript  rtf  placed  in  the  most  awkward  position,  with  e STYLE=superscript  £20,000  in  jeopardy.  ,  atc  ended  bY  After  some  discussion,  Mr.  CATO  moved  ,7,  c  iati°  ll STYLE=superscript  CLARKE,  a  resolution  to  the  effect  that  the  a'i  s  trall  tion  and  protect  builders  in  the  employment  0 STYLE=superscript  '  their  yards  , STYLE=superscript  .  x  e  ct  Mr.  ROYDEN  moved  an  amendment,  the  +he  I  was,  that  strangers  be  employed,  not  only  in  yards,  but  in  the  town  generally.  h  til  e STYLE=superscript  Some  further  discussion  took  place,  after  whie  ,  r  i  t  :  ment  was  put,  and  carried  by  a  very  large  InaP  ti  4  three  or  four  hands  being  held  up  for  the  la°,  4  Cato  then  withdrew  his  motion,  and  the  anienw anienwcarried  carried anienwcarried  without  opposition.  d  A  resolution  was  then  proposed  and  carried,  te',  lo  that  seven  shillings  be  the  rate  of  wages  during  '  season,  to  commence  on  Monday  next.  0  Considerable  discussion  then  took  place  as  to  i  to  be  adopted  by  the  masters,  and  ultimatelcs  lowing  resolution  was  passed,  and  the  proceeding  nated  :  That  to  strengthen  the  resolutions  passed  this  d  a STYLE=superscript  t  l;  the  better  maintainence  of  one  nnifoim  and  fixed  0 STYLE=superscript  e  wright's  wages,  namely,  seven  shillings,  per  day,  and  O  fj STYLE=superscript  o  per  hour  over-time,  in  extreme  cases  only,  and  wil  e STYLE=superscript  the  undersigned  masters  pledge  thems  e  l  ves  to  car  4 STYLE=superscript  1  above  resolutions.  But  should  any  ma  s  t  er  ,  either  bp``  through  his  firm,  or  his  foreman,  by  b  oun  t  y  or  o  tbe  r STYLE=superscript  fringe  these  resolutions,  hi  s  or  their  names  shall  be  e  the  public  papers,  and  a  fine  of  £.5  pe  paid  for  ev  er STYLE=superscript  f  fence,  to  the  treasurer  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  Tlx  Is  Published  every  Morning  in  LIVERPOOL  and  14A STYLE=superscript  multaneously,  and  the  following  are  the  rates  and  TERMS  OF  SUBSCRIPTIO  O  O  IN  LIVERPOOL.  I  OUT  OF  LI  V  EN  Term  for  'ln  advance]  On  Credit  In  advance.  I''-'  1 STYLE=superscript  ,..0  A  Year  ..  1  3  0  0  .e  4  0  0  .e  3  19  0  1  1 STYLE=superscript  el  18  0  019  6  1  to  3  lines  4  or  5  lines  6  or  7  lines"
