text
"IMPORT  OF  THE  ATLANTIC,  Sept.  17.—Artic,  from  Liverpool,-75'  miles  from  Sandy  Hook,  at  9  i  t  p.m.  „  26.—Arabia,--146  miles  west  of  Cape  Clear,  at  10i  a.m.  „  27.—Ship,  Roderick  Dhu,-20  miles  north-east  of  Tuskar,  at  1  p.m.  „  „  Barque,  13enrietta,-15  miles  south-west  of  Holy Holyhead,  head, Holyhead,  at  5  p.m.  AUSTRIA  AND  RUSSIA.  Northern  Daily  Times  o:nice,  Wednesday  Morning.  We  have  just  received  the  following  important  intelligence  from  our  London  Correspondent:—  A  rumour  was  current  in  Paris  on  Saturday,  and  in  London  on  Monday,,  that.  Austria  had  given  a  significant  intimation  of  her  policy  with  regard  to  Turkey,  in  ease  the  allied  powers  of  England  and  France  should  render  active  assistance  to  Turkey  in  her  difficulties  with  Russia.  It  Was  said  that,  in  such  an  event,  Austria  has  declared  she  would  occupy  the  province  of  Servia,  a  proceeding  which  would  give  to  her  several  important  positions  on  the  Danube,  and  enable  her  to  annoy  the  right  flanks  of  the  Turkish  army  which  is  now  opposite  to  that  of  Russia  in  the  principalities.  It  will  be  seen  that  our  PariS  correspondent  .is  inclined  to  attach  some  importance  to  these  reports  ;  but  in  London  they  are  not  regarded  as  'deserving  of  very  serious  attention.  •  For  our  part  we  do  not  think  it  probable  that  at  present,  Austria  would  venture  upon  so  bold  a  de defiance  fiance defiance  of  European  opinion.  Such  an  act  would  outrage  public  law,  justify  France  in  seizing  the  Italian  dominions  of  Austria,  and  lead  to  a  revolu revolutionay  tionay revolutionay  outburst  in  Hungary.  In  fact,  it  would  bring  upon  this  heterogeneous  and  bankrupt  empire,  the  combined  perils  of  a  foreign  and  an  internecine  war.  We  do  not,  therefore,  believe  that  the  time  has  yet  arrived  for  Austria  to  hazard  so  dangerous  a  step.  Her  entente  with  Russia  cannot  be  completed  until  the  termination  of  the  conference  at  Ohnutz  ;  and  it  is  just  possible  that  both  these  aggressive  powers  may  pause  in  their  course  now  they  perceive  that  England  France  are  determined  to  support  the  Sultan.  No  doubt  Servia  would  be  a  desirable  acquisition  for  Austria.  Though  less  favourably  situated  for  the  purposes  of  commerce  than  the  Principalities  of  Wallachia  and  Moldavia  now  invaded  by  Russia,  it  possesses  an  active,  industrious,  and  thriving  popu population.  lation. population.  It  furnishes  great  supplies  of  cattle,  and  lately  it  has  produced  great  quantities  of  minerals  and  timber,  Regarding  the  character  of  the  popu poputiOn,  tiOn, poputiOn,  and  the  resources  of  the  country—which  is  about  100  miles  long  by  00  broad—Servia  would  in  some  degree  satisfy  the  cupidity  of  Austria  in  any  partition  with  Russia  of  the  Turkish  dominions.  But  much  will  have  to  be  done  by  the  two  Auto Autocrats  crats Autocrats  before  Europe  will  consent  to  any  such  ap appropriation.  propriation. appropriation.  Since  the  above  was  written  we  haVe  received  a  late  edition  of  the  Morning  Herald,  containing  the  following  important  announcement:—"
