text
"SHOULD  LITERARY  AND  PIIILOSOPHICAL  SOCIETY.  This  society  met  in  the  Royal  Institution  last  night.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  Mr.  J.  B.  YATES.  The  principal  feature  of  the  evening  was  a  lecture  delivered  by  Mr.  Tow-  SON  upon  the  lately-adopted  principle  of  great  circle  sailing  in  ocean  navigation.  The  lecturer  explained  clearly  the  principle  of  the  system,  which,  although  but  recently  prac practically  tically practically  availed  of  in  nautical  science,  he  showed  was  no  recent  discovery,  the  origin  of  which  might  be  claimed  by  any  one  of  the  present  age,  but  a  principle  known  and  con contemplated  templated contemplated  so  far  back  as  the  fifteenth  or  sixteenth  century.  He  pointed  out  the  fallacies  arising  from  vessels  taking  the  chart  as  the  true  practical  representation  of  the  earth's  sur surface,  face, surface,  and  how  many  persons  had  acted  in  navigation  as  if  the  earth  were  a  plane  and  not  a  sphere.  That  which  appeared  a  circuitous  route,  in  such  a  voyage  as  from  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  to  Australia,  when  viewed  on  Mercator's  chart,  would  be  easily  recognised  as  the  direct  course  if  viewed  as  upon  the  surface  of  a  sphere.  Illustrating  the  principle,  by  referring  to  the  different  courses  of  navigation  across  the  Pacific,  and  showing  the  great  practical  saving  of  distance  reali  se  d  by  the  principle  of  great  circle  sailing,  he  explained  the  advantage  which  arose  in  the  adoption  of  this  system,  by  which  the  vessel  was  enabled  to  take  advantage  of  the  western  trade  winds.  He  also  dwelt  upon  the  fact  that  even  where  no  actual  saving  of  distance  was  accomplished  that  presented  the  advantage  which  no  mariner  could  overlook,  that  it  enabled  the  vessel  to  choose  that  route  by  which  she  might  fully  enjoy  the  assistance  of  those  great  winds  in  wafting  her  to  her  destination.  This  fact,  the  lecturer  showed,  was  itself  a  practical  answer  to  the  argument  which  some  persons  had  adduced  against  the  principle,  to  the  effect  that  the  advan advantage  tage advantage  gained  in  distance  might  not  be  sufficient  to  compensate  for  the  loss  which  they  conceived  would  be  felt  if  a  vessel  left  the  course  which  best  enabled  her  to  catch  these  winds.  The  principle  of  great  circle  sailing,  he  explained,  gave  additional  facilities  for  taking  advantage  of  them.  The  lecturer  then  far  a STYLE=superscript  ?Mgror  r STYLE=superscript  :Vfi  i STYLE=superscript  al  l STYLE=superscript  'he  lf STYLE=superscript  teMie  l STYLE=superscript  a  adopted  the  great  principle  of  circuit  sailing  to  a  certain  extent,  and  only  departed  from  it  where  it  was  necessary  to  do  so,  in  order  to  avoid  entering  upon  latitudes  which  the  mariner  knew  to  be  dangerous.  He  explained  the  advan advantages  tages advantages  which  this  system  presented,  in  meeting  every  argu argument  ment argument  urged  against  the  great  circle  sailing,  and  alluded  to  the  difficulties  with  which  for  years  he  had  to  combat  in  bringing  that  system  under  the  favourable  consideration  of  scientific  men,  the  prejudices  with  which  he  had  t  o  con  t  en  d,  and  the  arguments  adduced  to  prove  its  fallacy.  The  lec lecturer  turer lecturer  referred  with  pride  to  the  successful  efforts  made  by  captains  of  great  nautical  skill,  such  as  Godfrey,  M'Kay,  and  Forbes,  which  had  of  late  years  established  the  great  princi principle  ple principle  of  circle  sailing,  and  gained  for  Liverpool  the  honor  of  having  first  adopted  it.  The  lecturer  was  loudly  applauded  at  the  conclusion  and  during  different  portions  of  his  address.  The  CHAIRMAN  called  upon  the  meeting  to  join  in  a  vote  of  thanks  to  Mr.  Towson,  for  the  able  exposition  and  demon demonstration  stration demonstration  of  the  principle  he  had  laid  before  them,  which  was  passed  amid  general  acclamation.  It  was  announced  that  Mr.  Towson  will  continue  his  lecture,  and  more  fully  elucidate  these  important  principles,  on  Monday,  Dec.  12th.  FROM  THE  FISHING  GROUND.  -  The  schooner  Ella  Osborne,  has  arrived  at  Gloucester  from  the  Bay  of  St.  Lawrence.  Came  through  the  Gulf  of  Canso  on  the  sth  inst.  ;  left  only  about  thirty  sail  of  American  fishing  vessels  on  the  coast.  Her  majesty's  steamers  have  all  left  the  ground,  on  account  of  heavy  weather,  for  their  winter  quar quarters  ters quarters  at  Halifax.  The  cutters  are  still  on  the  ground,  and  quarter  mostly  at  Port  Hood.  All  of  the  American  fishing  vessels  will  leave  the  coast  by  the  15th  inst.,  it  being  very  dangerous  to  remain  there  so  late  at  the  present  time.  The  crew  of  the  Ella  Osborne  contradict  the  report  of  the  loss  of  the  schooner  Gold  Hunter,  and  believe  that  she  is  now  safe.  None  of  the  vessels  were  getting  any  mackerel.  —Boston  Traveller,  11th  Nov.  HUNTER  (AUSTRALIA)  RIVER  STEAM  NAVIGATION  COM COMPANY.—A  PANY.—A COMPANY.—A  meeting  of  this  company  was  held  early  in  July,  to  take  into  consideration  the  propriety  of  increasing  the  capital  of  the  company  by  the  creation  of  1,500  new  shares  of  101.  each.  The  chairman  read  a  correspondence  which  had  taken  place  between  the  board  and  Messrs.  Walker  and  Co.,  and  between  the  latter  and  the  ship-builders  and  engine enginemakers  makers enginemakers  on  the  Clyde,  at  London,  and  at  Liverpool.  This  correspondence  went  to  show  that,  owing  to  the  rise  which  had  taken  place  in  the  price  of  iron,  and  in  the  rate  of  wages  of  the  artizans  employed  in  steam-ship  building  and  engine  making,  and  to  the  general  press  of  business,  which  made  builders  careless  about  taking  new  contracts,  the  steamers  ordered  could  not  be  built  under  a  cost  considerably  above  the  estimate  of  the  board—ranging,  say,  from  80001.  to  10,0001.  This  it  was,  the  chairman  explained,  which  had  rendered  necessary  the  proposed  increase  of  capital;  a:d  after  giving  the  matter  every  consideration,  the  directors  had  come  to  the  conclusion  that  an  increase  of  15,0001.  would  enable  them  to  carry  out  efficiently  the  objects  of  the  company.  The  chairman  further  explained,  that  on  the  4th  of  May  last  a  letter  had  been  dispatched  by  the  board  to  Messrs.  Walker  per  steamer,  authorising  them  to  incur,  within  certain  limits,  the  additional  expense  necessary  to  obtain  the  steamers  of  the  class  and  description  ordered,  and  without  delay..  RAISING  VESSELS  BY  ELECTRICITY.—The  New  York  Times  gives  a  very  interesting  account  of  the  raising  of  a  submerged  vessel  by  Foreman's  electric  apparatus,  invented  and  con constructed  structed constructed  for  that  purpose  by  the  gentleman  whose  name  it  bears.  As  the  new  discovery  is  one  of  the  utmost  importance  and  utility  to  the  maritime  and  commercial  world,  among  the  throng  collected  to  witness  the  announced  experiment  were  many  influential  merchants  and  shipowners.  The  wea weather  ther weather  was  unfavourable,  and  the  experiment  was  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  only  partially  successful.  The  Times  says  :—Owing  to  the  weak  nature  of  the  materials  employed  in  the  con construction  struction construction  of  the  .apparatus,  which  had  been  prepared  econo economically  mically economically  for  this  occasion,  and  the  heavy  sea  running  even  in  the  dock,  some  delay  occurred  in  bringing  the  force  to  bear  upon  the  submerged  vessel—a  craft  o  f  90  t  ons  ,  res  ti  ng  on  the  bottom,  in  18  feet  water.  The  buoys,  used  as  floats  to  receive  the  gas,  or,  in  technical  phraseology,  the  were  simply  water-tight  casks,  so  constructed  that  when  the  charge  generating  the  g  a  s  should  be  fired,  the  gas  would  en enter  ter enter  through  India  rubber  pipes  into  one  orifice,  and  the  water  that  had  filled  the  casks  up  to  the  moment  of  the  ex experiment  periment experiment  would  thus  be  forced  out  at  another.  It  so  hap happened  pened happened  that  these  casks  were  of  uneven  buoyancy,  and  when  the  charge  was  at  last  fired,  the  gas  entered  those  ranged  above  one  side  of  the  vessel  with  greater  rapidity  than  it  could  force  its  way  into  those  above  the  other—so  that  the  former  rising  very  swiftly,  added  to  the  pressure  upon  the  latter,  which,  remaining  full  of  water  and  impervious  to  the  gas,  sank  instead  of  being  inflated  and  buoyed  up,  and  the  vessel  rose  to  the  surface  on  one  side  only.  The  principle,  however,  was  fairly  illustrated,  as  the  submerged  craft  came  up,  amidst  the  cheers  of  the  throng  in  about  two  minutes  after  the  charge  was  touched  off,  and  remained  suspended  in  her  position.  The  material  used  in  the  apparatus  was  alone  defective—a  fault  that  can  readily  be  avoided  upon  a  future  occasion  by  the  outlay  of  more  mrney.  We  understand  that  Mr.  Foreman  is  having  India  rubber  camels  of  precisely  equal  size  and  buoyancy  prepared,  and  will  sown  make  another  experiment."
