text
"The  simple  facts  are,  that  :  tarally  have  occurred  even  to  Admiral  Dundas  order  Lord  Stratford  de  Redeliffe  might  Stratford,  on  his  side,  has  had  powers  to  mak(  been  in  read  ss  to  at  ive  him,  and  Lora  .1  tion  that  might  appear  to  him  - STYLE=superscript  justified  by  the  eng  the  case  on  his  own  noes  of  To  use  the  the  Times'  own  expression,  it  might  matters  there  is  and  an  agent  ;  that  there  is  a  wide  difference  be  road  acting  on  his  own  re  tween  a  Minister  al  and  his  acting  upon  full  powers  sent  to  him  by  the  government  at  home  c.k.n  am.  bassador  is  but  the  servant  of  his  government,  ap appointed  pointed appointed  to  carry  out  their  wishes  if  he  can  ;  but  the  boldest  perhaps  that  our  diplomacy  has  ever  pro  duc  iettl  e  u.Lu  rosponsiouity  ot  mat  war  resting  upon  Himself.  We  are  inclined  to  think  there  has  been  a  little  shuffling  between  the  principal  and  the  agent  on  this  very  matter  has  comp(  the  government  to  arrive  at  the  de  cision  implied  by  the  orders  for  part  of  the  screw  fleet  to  proceed  northwards—a  fact  of  which  the  same  difference  betwe•2n  Lord  Stratford  acting  upon  tions  from  home,  as  there  would  be  if  the  Master  of  the  Exchange  Newsroom,  in  the  exercise  of  his  discretion,  were  to  turn  out  the  subscribers  at  any  time  he  pleased,  or  a  resolution  of  the  committee  to  that  effect.  Every  body  can  understand  the  difference  of  responsibility  incurred  by  a  police-eon-  stable  effecting  a  capture  with  or  without  a  warrant,  upon  a  mob  with  or  sanction  of  civil  authority.  Lord  STRATFORD'S  position  is  exactly  analogous.  He  is  or  by  without  the  a  military  officer  firing  invested  with  a  certain  amount  of  authority,  for  the  exercise  of  which  he  is  responsible  ;  but  receiv-  ing  specific  instructions  from  his  superiors  to  do  a  certain  act  he  is  no  longer  responsible  It  is  . STYLE=superscript  tht  government  who  send  him  these  instructions.  l'h(  Times  does  not  draw  this  distinction  whilst  assum  ing  to  co  that  it  states  Lord  STRATFORD  to  be  responsible  for  every  movement  to  be  made  by  Admiral  Dundas's  ittt  Iv  the  I  istinctly  said  was  that  government  had  sent  full  powers  to  act  more  e  :iergetically  in  support  of  the  meaning  the  •eby  that  the  fle  e  t  s  h  ou  ld  en  t  er  th  e  D  ar  d  anelles.  Is  it  st STYLE=superscript  possible  , STYLE=superscript  therefore,  that  the  Herald  may  b  e  strictly  co.  rrect,  and  the  simple  facts  of  the  Times  be  two  or  three  months  old  ?  The  pr  esen  t  s  t  a  t  e  of  general  opinion.,  which  is  no  mean  criterion,  leads  us  to  think  so.  We  believe  that  the  government  have  been  driven  by  the  com:fion  voice  of  Europe  to  make  a  demonstra*A  of  which  they  would  have  been  glad  to  shift  the  responsibility  to  the  shoul shoulders  ders shoulders  of  their  ambassabor;  but  Lord  STRATFORD  has  proved  too  subtle  to  fall  into  the  net.  We  say  we  believe  that  the  Government  have  been  driven  to  make  the  intended  demonstration  by  the  unanimous  voice  of  Europ  There  is  no  doubt  that  in  our  country  the  majority  .of  th  people  aro  convinced  that  we  have  been  dallying  with  this  question  in  a  manner  unworthy  of  the  power  and  spirit  of  Englishmen;  and,  from  a  letter  we  received  the  other  day  from  an  English  resi.  dent  in  Denmark,  who  well  knows  public  feeling  on  this  question  all  over  Europe,  we  are  sure  tha  what  is  general  conviction  here  amounts  to  fiery  indignation  there.  Our  correspondent,  it  will  be  perceived,  speaks  with  some  warmth.  Public  opinion  here  (I  relate  facts  ions)  is  in  a  flame  at  the  not  my•  own  opin  state  of  the  Abercteen  Cabinet  If  a  the  four  Lords  are  not  now  impeached,  tnen  there  is  no  crime  of  which  an  English  minister  can  possibly  be  guilty,  which  can  call  down  upon  him  the  just  retribution  of  his  indignant  Our  Cabinet  has  trampled  upon  all  principle  and  public  It  has  _equally  every  English  in  - STYLE=superscript  lerest,  monetary  and  the  I  ha  barefaced  conip  . STYLE=superscript  which  history  cl  how  any  exarn  i"
