text
"upon  the  Union  Bank  in  favour  of  Wilson  and  Co.,  of  Lon London.  don. London.  The  Union  Bank  having  had  advice  only  of  the  letter  of  credit  for  £2lO,  refused  to  pay  this  cheque  when  pre presented,  sented, presented,  and  the  prisoner,  soon  after  coming  to  England,  was  apprehended,  and  indicted  for  attempting  to  obtain  money  by  false  pretences  from  the  Union  , STYLE=superscript  Bank.  Upon  the  trial  it  was  urged  that  no  offence  had  been  committed  by  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  in  London,  and  that  he  had  not  committed  the  offence  charged  by  the  indictment.  The  jury  found  the  prisoner  guilty  of  the  intent,  but  the  .  judge  left  it  for  this  court  to  say  whether  the  prisoner  meant  to  obtain  the  money  for  his  own  benefit,  and  the  judgment  was  arrested.  The  case  was  argued  before  the  court  of  five  judges  last  Saturday,  but,  as  they  disagreed,  it  was  directed  that  it  should  be  reargued  before  this  tribunal.  Counsel  on  both  sides  having  been  heard,  Lord  CAMPBELL  gave  the  decision  of  the  court.  He  said  he  was  of  opinion  this  conviction  could  not  be  supported.  The  real  question  was  whether,  supposing  the  Union  Bank  had  honored  the  draft,  the  prisoner  could  then  have  been  indicted  for  obtain obtaining  ing obtaining  money  under  false  pretences.  He  was  clearly  of  opinion  he  could  not.  He  did  not  proceed  upon  the  ground  that  the  offence  was  committed  without  the  jurisdiction  of  the  court  because  if  a  man  abroad  employed  an  agent  in  this  country  to  do  an  unlawful  act  for  him,  when  he  came  to  England  he  would  be  amenable  to  the  law.  The  act  con contemplated  templated contemplated  that  something  valuable  must  be  obtained  by  or  for  the  person  who  made  the  false  pretence.  In  this  case  the  prisoner  had  already  obtained  his  object,  and  he  would  rather  that  the  cheque  should  have  gone  to  the  bottom  of  the  sea  than  that  it  should  be  presented.  No  advantage  could  arise  to  the  prisoner  from  the  cheque  being  honored.  He  therefore  was  of  opinion  that  the  conviction  was  wrong.  Conviction  reversed."
