text
"id  beneficial  result.  If  my  noble  friend  Lord  as  I  am  sure  he  will,  the  cor-  CLARENDON  receive  dial  support  of  the  country,  you  may  depend  upon  it  that  he  will  not  disappoint  the  just  expectations  We  trust,  therefore,  that  in  this  fresh  instance  of  Tuscan  intolerance,  Lord  CLARENDON  will  show  that  his  more  time-honoured  colleague  is  right  in  the  estimate  he  has  formed  of  his  qualifications  for  office  IT  can  scarcely  be  wondered  at,  that  with  the  horrors  of  a  European  war  gathering  thickly  around  us,  the  state  of  affairs  in  China  should  attract  less  at attention  tention attention  than  the  peculiarity  of  the  subject  may  seem  to  merit,  We  suppose,  nevertheless,  that  most  of  our  readers  are  aware  that  the  Celestial  Empire  is  probably  at  the  present  moment  in  the  throes  of  a  revolution—a  revolution  remarkable  as  befalling  a  nation  where  only  what  is  old  has  been  regarded  as  good—remarkable  as  to  its  outset  and  so  much  of  its  progress  as  is  known  to  us—but  most  remark remarkable  able remarkable  from  the  fact,  that  Truth,  or  something  at  least  akin,  to  Truth  is  at  length  making  its  way  in  the  very  stronghold  of  superstition  and  error.  The  seed  sown  by  the  missionaries  of  the  &#34;barbarians,''  has  sprung  up,  and  is  bringing  forth  its  fruit.  It  is  not  our  purpose,  in  the  few  remarks  we  have  now  to  trace  the  rise  and  progress  of  the  rebel rebellion  lion rebellion  which  threatens  the  existence  of  the  Tartar  Dynasty  in  China,  or  to  speculate  on  the  possible  results  of  the  movement,  in  a  religious  or  moral  pOint  Of  view.  Regarded  in  this  asneet,  the  state  of  things  is  indeed  most  strange,  so  much  of  false falsehood  hood falsehood  is  mixed  up  with  the  more  truthful  records  of  Chinese  history,  ancient  and  Modern—so  much  of  error,  with  some  amount  of  truth,  in  the  aeed  of  the  insurgents-•:-Oid  so  Much  off`  bombast  and  out outrageotis  rageotis outrageotis  absurdity  in  the  manifestoes  of  those  who  as  yet  hold  the  reins  of  government.  The  fad,  how-  ever,  is  patent  and  should  not  be  last  sight  df  It  is  long  since  the  Chinese  governed  China,,  and  it  has  ever  been  the  imperative  interest  of  the  ruling  power,  to  keep  the  natives,  as  far  as  Might  be,  in  a  state  of  ignorance,  as  well  as  durance  Vile,  td  cheek,  as  far  as  a  wholesome  dread  would  allow,  all  the  friendly  advances  of  the  and  when  coerced  into  something  like  fair  dealing,  to  render  nugatory  all  the  benevolent  efforts  of  the  strangers.  Fraud,  falsehood,  chicanery  of  every  description,  have  been  encountered.  The  ruling  dynasty  was  well  aware  that  its  authority  consisted  in  the  re retaining  taining retaining  old  abuses.  The  strength  of  Sampson,  Was,  we  are  told,  in  his  hair,the  proWess  of  the  Celestial  E:  MPEROR,  and  his  mandarins,  consists  in  their  time-honoured  pigtails.  Old  abtises,  how however,  ever, however,  cannot  triumph  for  ever  ;  evert  in  China  and  we  may  hope  that  the  time  has  now  arrived,  when  the  denizens  of  that  fair  and  beautiful  land  will  arouse  themselves,  to  take  their  proper  position  among  the  nations  of  the  earth,  As  far  as  climate,  fertility,  extent  of  territory,  harbours  in  which  the  whole.  world's  Mercantile  fleets  might  anchor,  rivers  Which  Might  tittriApott  their  freights  into  every  interior  region,  nay,  even,  as  far  as  the  capa capabilities  bilities capabilities  of  the  inhabitants,  down  trodden  and  brutalized  as  they  aid,  are  `emiceriied,  rre  luithi  reason  why  China  may  not  shake  herself  free  from  the  accumulated  dust  of  ages,  and  bring  into  full  action  the  commercial  resources,  which,  although  deadened  have  nevertheless  been  eonspicu:  ons  in  the  annals  of  European  enterprise.  It  is  in  this  point  of  view,  that  the  subject  is  more  immediately  interesting  to  ourselves.  Although,  wherever  there  are  ladies  who  loVe  their  souchong,  or  husbands  who  wickedly  grumble  at  the  price  of  gunpowder  tea,  China  is,  indeed,  a  hdueehold  woad,  yet  to  all  intents  aiid  purposes,  as  far  as  the  commerce  of  the  Chinese  depended  on  themselves,  they  have  been  about  only  as  usefully  employed  as  that  quaint  junk  of  theirs  now  Moored  at  Rock  Ferry.  Whatever  commercial  tidVaritage  *e  have  gained  from  china,  has  been  dragged  thence,  even  as  the  aforesaid  specimen  of  NOAH'S  ship-building  craft  Was,  with  endless  difficulties  and  dangers;  brought  from  its  native  shores.  it  18  scarcely  necessary  to  enquire  whether  the  somnolent,  self-satisfied,  never  seeking,  ever  con content  tent content  status  of  China  and.  the  Chinese  has  been  the  result  of  the  dominance  of  the  Tartar  dynasty,  or  has  arisen  from  more  occult  catises  ;  nor  need  we  pause  to  moralise  On  the  question,  whether  the  European  polders  would  be  justified  in  their  case,  by  intervention  on  behalf  of  the  insurgents.  Such  intervention  has,  we  learn,  been  sought  . STYLE=superscript  by  them  from  the  British  authorities  on  the  spot,  and  re refused.  fused. refused.  We  are  inclined  to  think  that  extraneous  assistance,  could  it  With  propriety  be  afforded,  would  be  as  irripolitic  as  unnecessary.  This  need  not  be  regarded  only  as  the  question  of  a  nation  re rebelling,  belling, rebelling,  under  whatever  pretence,  against  its  lawful  sovereign;  or  even  against  the  ruthless  domination  of  a  foreign  despot:  The  rthiVerlierit  appears  rather  the  result  of  the  awakening  faculties  of  a  people  who  have  never  hitherto  known  their  own  rights,  or  appreciated  their  own  power.  Perhaps  the  very  best  and  kindest  thing  that  the  can  do,  is  to  leave  them  to  themselves,  and  thus  permit  them  to  discover,  by  the  experience  of  one  brief  struggle,  how  little  they  have  been—how  great  they  may  be.  There  is,  in  fact,  so  much  of  absurdity  and  superstition  still  mixed  up  with  the  declara declarations  tions declarations  of  the  insurgents,  that  to  adopt  their  cause  might  be  to  lend  countenance  to  falsehood,  merely  because  there  are  greater  falsehoods  extant  in  the  Celestial  Empire.  From  one  point  or  view,  however,  we  cannot  but  regard  the  present  state  of  things  in  China  with  much  satisfaction.  Whichever  of  the  belligerent  powers  proves  successful,  an  impetus  must  be.  given  to  our  commercial  relations  into  that  vast  and  most  healthy  country.  Both  sides  look  up  to  us,  not  for  present  advice  and  assistance  only,  but  as  the  future  recipients  of  the  produce  of  their  hitherto  united  energies.  In  such  a  result,  is  not  the  shipping  interest  of  Liverpool  primarily  concerned?  GARRYOWEN  AND  have  been  from,  of  old  associated  in  the  annals  of  song,  and  not  the  least  amusing  of  its  attempt  to  acquire  the  ad additional  ditional additional  honor  is  the  periodical  outcry,  which  Limerick,  in  common  with  a  few  other  Irish  ports,  has  made  about  a  Transatlantic  Packet  The  violated  treaty  has  not  yet  been  sufficiently  atoned  for,  and  as  one  more  retribution,  a  savan  Viceroy,  on  a  mere  visit,  to  the  country,  has  been  bored  by  what  had  long  previously  bored  every  body  else.  The  Earl  of  Germains  may  count  him  self  fortunate  that  he  escaped  with  only  a  single  sly  sentence  on  the  subject,  introduced_  into  the  many  addresses  presented  during  his  sojourn  in  Limerick.  We  thought  it  made  the  impression  intended;  but  it  serves,  at  least  to  show,  that  there  are  some  minds  in  Ireland  more  tenacious  of  the  piece  of  folly  alluded  to,  than  might  have  been  imagined.  However,  the  length  of  time  during  which  this  whilome  favourite  topic  may  last,  is  perhaps,  as  uncertain  as  the  meaning  of  the  topic  itself.  And  the  extent  of  begging  or  borrowing  which  the  term  packet  may  imply,  as  referred  severally  to  Cork,  Limerick,  Galway,  or  Kenmore,  may  have  its  intervals  of  public  discuss discussion,  ion, discussion,  as  long  as  begging  or  borrowing  from  the  Imperial  Treasury  remains  an  unobliterated  idea.  There  is,  indeed,  something  delightful  in  the  naivete  with  which  a  Packet  Station  is  talked  of  at  the  other  side  of  the  channel.  It  is,  as  it  were,  a  lar largesse;  gesse; largesse;  and  anybody  who  promises  to  give  to  it,  from  Lord  Derby  down  to  Mr.  Wagstaff,  may  become  a  public  benefactor  or  a  political  humbug  for  the  time  being.  One  would  think,  to  be  sure,  that  where  such  exceedingly  practical  matters  as  steam-ships  come  to  be  talked  about,  they  would  not  be  long  in  assuming  some  practical  and  developed  form.  That,  however,  is  not  the  mode  in  which  affairs  of  business  are  managed  in  the  more  practical  portion  of  her  Majesty's  dominions  ;  and,  although  the  pro project  ject project  of  sending  the  American  mails  from  an  Irish  western  port,  has  been  spoken  of  for  for  many  years  ;  we  are  still  at  a  loss  to  know  whether  it  is  contemplated  that  the  National  Exchequer  should  only  supply  the  vessels  employed,  or  else  pay  besides  the  sailors  who  would  man  them,  with  mayhap  a  substantial  premium  to  the  commis commissioners  sioners commissioners  of  the  chosen  harbour.  We  do  not  make  these  remarks  for  the  purpose  of  entering  on  the  discussion  of  a  question  already  set  at  rest,  nor,  indeed,  of  in  any  way  offending  out-dying  prejudices.  But  a  little  advice  may  not  be  out  of  place;  and  when  we  tell  our  Irish  friends  that  had  their  desire  for  a  Packet  Station  been  the  most  plausible  in  the  world,  their  course  of  action:  would  have  spoiled  it;  we  only  do  so  for  the  purpose  of  hinting  how  such  matters  are  transacted  by  those  who  know  more  about  them.  If  there  were  in  ex existence  istence existence  a  regular  line  of  steam-ships  between  the  opposite  coasts  of  Ireland  and  America,  the  de-"
