text
"TRIAL  OF  MISS  CANTWELL,  Yesterday,  the  prosecutors  went  into  a  rebutting  case,  to  which  Mr.  M`Donogh,  Q.C.,  spoke  on  the  part  of  the  defence.  Mr.  Robertson,  Q.C.,  then  re replied  plied replied  for  the  prosecution,  and  the  Chief  Baron  having  summed  up,  At  five  minutes  past  five  o'clock  the  jury  retired,  and  in  less  than  three  minutes  returned  into  court  with  a  verdict  Of  ACQUITTAL.  On  the  announcement  of  the  verdict,  the  court  presented  a  scene  of  extraordinary  excitement.  The  people  who  thronged  the  galleries  rose  simul simultaneously,  taneously, simultaneously,  and,  breaking  through  all  the  restraint  imposed  by  the  regulations  of  a  judicial  assembly,  cheered  vociferously.  The  ladies  who  lined  the  front  benches  waved  their  handkerchiefs,  and  with'  emphatic  and  animated  gesticulations  expressed  their  exultation  at  the  acquittal  of  their  friend,  whom  they  pressed  forward  from  all  sides  to  em embrace  brace embrace  and  congratulate.  The  whole  building  was  fuil  of  tumult  and  confusion  ;  repeated  and  vigorous  cheers  were  given  for  the  jury,  while  groans  as  hearty  and  prolonged  were  bestowed  on  those  en engaged  gaged engaged  in  the  prosecution.  The  Chief  Baron,  having  meanwhile  left  the  bench,  gave  directions  to  the.  sheriff  to  have  any  one  apprehended  who  should  be  detected  giving  such  expression  to  their  feelings,  and  directed  that  the  police  should  immediately  clear  the  court.  The  multitude  outside  were  . STYLE=superscript  equally  enthusiastic  in  their  joyous  manifestations.  An  action  for  false  imprisonment  will  be  com commenced  menced commenced  forthwith  against  Messrs.  Cannock  and  White.  THE  LATE  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.—An  application  was  made  yesterday  in  the  Court  of  Queen's  Bench  to  admit  to  bail  Goss  and  O'Hara,  the  engine-drivers  and  Stoker,  committed  by  the  coroner  for  manslaughter.  Its  hearing  was  postponed  till  Saturday.  ACCIDENT  TO  THE  CAMBRIA,  HOLYHEAD  STEAMER.—  Saunders  of  to-day,  says  :  —We  regret  to  learn  that  some  casualties  arose  from  an  accident  on  Monday  evening  to  this  vessel.  Several  people  were  injured  by  the  catastrophe  ;  one  lady,  a  Mrs.  Nugent  from  Leamington,  received  a  simple  fracture  of  the  right  leg.  Two  servants  of  Major  Heart,  49th  Regiment,  were  also  badly  injured,  one  receiving  a  spinal  injury  and  fractures  of  both  bones  of  the  left  forearm  ;  the  second,  a  nurse,  received  a  compound  fracture  of  the  right  leg,  attended  by  severe  laceration,  probably  dangerous  to  life,  and  likely  to  terminate  in  amputation.  Mr.  D.  J.  Dinjam  and  Mr.  J.  W.  Wilson,  assistant-surgeon  Royal  Navy,  who  were  fortunately  both  passengers  at  the  time,  relinquished  their  journey  to  London  until  night  in  order  to  afford  medical  aid  to  the  sufferers.  BISHOP  CANTWELL  AND  THE  INCOME  TAX.—A  supple supplemental  mental supplemental  correspondence  has  been  published  under  the  above  hond,  in  which  tile  Income-tax  Commissioners  apologise  for  havinc  , STYLE=superscript  addressed  Dr.  C  an  t  we  ll  as  th  e  R  ev.  J  o  h  n  C  antwe  ll  .  A  fresh  paper  is  to  be  furnished  giving  the  bishop  his  after  which  the  commissioners  hope  he  will  have  no  difficulty  in  filling  up  the  form.  however,  still  declares.  that  not  a  particle  of  his  doubts  have  been  removed.  FATAL  ACCIDENT  TO  A  COACH.—The  Kilkenny  Moderator  states  :—We  deeply  regret  to  announce  the  occurrence  of  a  most  melancholy  and  fatal  calamity  which  took  place  on  Monday  night  at  Grazirli-bridge,  at  the  junction  of  the  counties  of  Kilkenny  and  Waterford,  and  which  was  caused  by  the  flooding  of  the  marshy  ground  there  owing  to  the  in incessant  cessant incessant  rain  for  the  past  few  days.  It  appears  that  some  of  the  passengers  by  the  train  of  the  Waterford  and  Kilkenny  railway,  which  arrives  at  Dunkitt  from  this  city  at  eight  o'clock  p.m,  set  out  from  thence  for  Waterford  by  .a  two twohorse  horse twohorse  coach.  The  inside  passengers  were  a  Mr.  Norwood,  jeweller  of  Dublin,  who  had  £lOOO  worth  of  jewelry  with  him,  a  Mrs.  Barron  of  Waterford,  and  Mr.  Thomas  Naylor,  commercial  traveller  to  the  firm  of  Binks  and  Co.  Liverpool.  The  night  was  extremely  dark  and  wet,  and  the  road  being  covered  with  water  to  the  depth  of  from  four  to  five  feet,  it  was  extremely  difficult  to  guide  the  horses,  and  whilst  in  the  deepest  portion  one  of  the  wheels  got  off  the  road,  and  upset  the  vehicle  into  the  ditch.  The  driver  contrived  to  cut  the  traces  and  free  the  horses,  which  were  kicking  furiously.  Mr.  Norwood  forced  his  way  through  the  window,  and  gained  the  inside  of  the  coach,  which  was  uppermost.  Mr.  Naylor,  before  thinking  of  providing  for  his  own  safety,  assisted  Mrs.  Barron  to  follow  Mr.  Norwood  through  the  window,  but  lost  his  life  through  his  generous  solicitude  for  the  lady's  extrication,  as  whilst  he  was  attempting  to  follow  her,  the  vehicle  lu  rc  h  e  d  t  o  one  s  id  e,  sunk  deeper,  became  filled  with  water,  and  the  generous  fellow  was  haplessly  drowned,  his  companions  having  been  unable  to  render.  him  any  assistance.  The  other  passengers  scrambled  back  to  the  Kilkenny  side  of  the  marsh,  and  remained  there  in  the  most  pitiable  condition  during  the  night,  and  finding  shelter  in  some  miserable  cabins.  The  last  that  was  seen  of  the  driver,  named  Cummins,  was  his  mounting  one  o  f  th  e  h  orses  an  d  attempting  to  ride  through  the  flood  towards  Waterford.  We  understand  he'  has  not  since  been  heard  of,  and  it  is  feared  that  he  perished.  We  are  indebted  for  these  par particulars  ticulars particulars  to  the  kindness  of  Mr.  James  Wright,  of  45,  Dame Damestreet,  street, Damestreet,  Dublin,  who  passed  the  scene  of  the  catastrophe  yesterday,  and  states  that  poor  Naylor's  body  was  still  within  the  coach,  the  latter  being  completely  submerged.  Mr.  Norwood  attempted  at  eight  o'clock  the  same  night  to  pass  from  the  Waterford  side  of  the  marsh,  with  the  object  of  coming  on  to  Kilkenny,  but  the  driver  of  his  ve  hi  c  l  e  ,  finding  the  water  so  deep  on  the  road,  providentially  advised  him  to  return,  which  he  did.  We  understand  the  unfortunate  Mr.  Naylor  has  left  a  widow  and  nine  young  children  to  deplore  his  untimely  fate.  THE  VACANT  SEE.--The  Dean  of  Elphin,  the  Dean  of  Raphoe,  and  Di.  3PNeece,  Regius  Professor  of.  Divinity  in  Trinity  College,  are  mentioned  as  aspirants  to  this  office.  AWFUL  CALAMITY  IN  BASS'S  BREWERY.--LELSt  week  ten  thousand  barrels  of  ale—(just  advanced  6s.  per  barrel)  in  Bass's  brewery  were  turned  sour  by  the  thunder  of— ofthe  the ofthe  Times.—Punch.  The  Cologne  Gazette,  of  Tuesday,  publishes  a  despatch  from  Vienna,  to  the  effect  that,  in  consequence  of  impediments  which  have  arisen,  the  directors  of  the  Danube  Steam  Navigation  Company  have  issued  a  notification  that  the  steamers  on  the  Lower  Danube  have  stopped  running.  RATHER  TOO  NICE.---A  strict  busines  man  of  our  acquaintance  is  so  extremely  particular  in  all  his  transac transactions,  tions, transactions,  that  since  the  new  Act  came  in  force,  he  never  has  been  known  to  pay  a  compliment,  without  insisting  upon  taking  a  stamped  receipt.—Punch.  The  North  British  Daily  Mail  says  We  be believe  lieve believe  that  some  of  the  shippers  at  Leith  have  received  infor information  mation information  that  their  vessels  lying  at  Cronstadt  have  teceived  notice  from  the  British  Consul  to  be  in  readiness  to  put  to  sea  at  four  or  five  hours'  notice,  with  or  without  cargo.  REVIEWING.—The  review  of  a  young  girl's  life  is  frequently  like  any  other  review—a  quantity  of  smoke,  and  noise,  with  here  and  there  a  red  coat  seen  through  it.—  Punch.  CENTRALIZATION.  The  commissioners  of  Sewers  are  decidedly  in  favour  of  this  plan,  for  their  drains  are  so  admirably  managed  that  every  man's  nose,  merely  by  passing  one,  is  immediately  made  the  (s)  centre  of  it.  --  Piszch.  THE  MILKY.  WAY  IN  LANCASHIRE.—MarIy•  of  the  farmers  about  Preston  are  giving  their  cows  apples,  in  consequence  of  that  fruit  being  more  plentiful,  and  so  much  cheaper,  than  potatoes.  We  wonder  whether  this  difference  of  diet  produces  any  difference  in  the  milking;  and  whether  a  cow,  so  fed,  instead  of  yielding  so  Many  pints  of  milk,  gives  now  so  many  bottles  of  cider  ;  or  whether  it  was  a  combination  of  both—a  sort  of  milk-cider  ?  In  the  cause  of  temperance,  We  pause  for  a  reply  .--Punch.  THE  WAY  OF  TEMPERANCE.  (says  the  Times)  the  half-way  house  to  But  judging  from  the  ignorant  way  in  which  many  of  our  rabid  advocates  of  Teetotalism  act  and  talk,  we  should  say  it  was  a  house  that,  very  few.  of  them  ever  stopped.  at.—  .Punch."
