text
"THE  TRADE  OF  LIVERPOOL  (  From  the  Circular  of  Messrs.  Leech,  Harrison,  d  Forwood.)  We  have  the  pleasure  to  enclose  our  first  shipping  cir circular  cular circular  for  the  current  year,  and  to  make  a  few  remarks  upon  some'features  which  distinguish  the  export  branch  of  the  trade  of  this  port.  It  has  been  estimated  that  the  annual  value  of  goods  passing'  through  Liverpool  now  amounts  to  £1(10,000,000,  establishing  the  important  rela relation  tion relation  that  her  trade  bears  to  •  general  commerce  of  the  kingdom;  nor  will  the  extent  of  her  trade  be  a  subject  of  surprise  when  the  proximity  of  the  port  to  the  great  seats  of  the  manufaeturing  and  mining  industry  of  the  country  is  considered.  Large,  however,  as  this  trade  undoubtedly  is,  we  hold  firmly  the  conviction.  that,  if  the  obitacles  which  yet  impede  the  full  development  of  the  export  branch  be  removed,  and,  on  the  other  hand,  those  facilities  be  afforded  in  regard  to  the  working  of  the  docks.  &amp;c.,  which  the  advance  ofscience  and  Commercial  experience  demand,  a  further  increase,  which  shall  keep  full  pace  with  the  general  prosperity  of  the  country,  must  be  the  result.  The  true  interests  of  exporters  in  the  interior  would  appear  to  be  to  render  our  port,  thus  naturally  designed  from  its  proximity  to  their  seat  of  business,  for  their  special  use,  as  available  as  possible,  by  making  their  means  of  transit  with  it  facile  and  cheap;  and  we  conceive  that  the  powerful  arguments  which  were  so  constantly  and  successful  used  to  secure  the  passing  of  such  railway  acts  as  tended  to  these  objects  are  valid  now,  and  apply  to  the  importance  of  continually  keeping  those  means  ,of  communication,  in  all  respects,  cheap  and  freely  open.  The  result  might  be  naturally  expected  from  an  Increase  of  shipments  here,  which  follows  in  all  cases  of  enlarging  business,  that  the  cost  of  conducting  it,  in  reference  to  dock  dues,  &amp;c.,  would  be  lessened  in  propor proportion-to  tion-to proportion-to  its  increase.  These  remarks  seem  called  for,  as  it  now  appears  to  be  the  policy  which  the  most  extensive  railway  company  in  the  kingdom  is  carrying  out,  to  foster  the  traffic  between  Manchester  and  the  metropolis,  at  the  expense  of  that  to  Liverpool,  by  sustaining  a  fmileage  rate  for  carriage  of  goods  from  the  interior  to  Liverpool,  greatly  higher  than  that  at  which  it  carries  masses  of  goods  from  the  same  points  to  London.  The  favouring  of  one  port  at  the  cost  of  another  by  this  or  any  other  system,  by  any  railway  company  under  act  of  parliament,  is  contrary  to  those  principles  of  common  justice  upon  which  the  legis legislature  lature legislature  intends  to  act,  in  granting  the  many  privileges  which  are  conferred  on  railway  companies.  It  is  a  question  whether  two  extensive  commercial  com communities,  munities, communities,  whose  mutual  prosperity  is  so  interwoven  as  is  that  of  Liverpool  and  Manchester,  could  secure  their  vital  interests  more  completely  than  by  obtaining  the  en entire  tire entire  control  of  a  line  of  conveyance  between  them,  and  as  free  from  all  injurious  monopolies  or  amalgamations,  as  their  old  turnpike  road.  We  trust  this  subject  will  receive  the  attention  it  de deserves  serves deserves  at  the  hands  of  the  manufacturing  interest,  and  that  no  monopoqes  will  be  allowed  to  check  the  free  flow  of  our  commerce  with  the  interior.  The  Liverpool  Dock  Trustees  seem  now  quite  disposed  to  act  upon  the  view,  that  the  prosperity  of  the  port  has  a  very  close  connexion  with  the  export  trade,  and  are  im improving  proving improving  dock  sheds,  stages,  ormes,  and  the  means  of  transit  of  goods  to  the  docks.  The  accommodation  just  afforded  at  the  new  central  docks,  will  be  a  great  boon  to  shippers,  and  we  hope  to  see  further  improvements  soon  adopted.  Fadlit'es  for  Sldpping  at  they  Port.  --A  general  outl'  upping STYLE=superscript  e  No.  1,  thought  that  tome  of  onr  fr  useful  a  plan  of  the  doe  404  h  _'  v~!"
