text
"REPORT  From  the  return  carefully  prepared  by  the  house-surgeon,  i  t  appears  that  during  the  past  year  there  have  been  3,748  appli_  cations  for  medical  and  surgical  relief.  Of  these,  from  the  severe  nature  of  the  cases,  1,276  were  such  as  to  require  admission  into  the  hospital,  while  the  remaining  2,472  were  treated  as  out-patients.  These  numbers  exhibit  a  slight  decrease  as  compared  with  the  preceding  year.  Of  the  above  cases  no  less  than  2,816  were  accidents,  expe experience  rience experience  thus  continuing  to  prove  conclusively  the  necessity  of  a  hospital  in  this  locality,  by  the  indispensable  aid  afforded  to  those  urgent  cases  in  which  distance,  and  consequent  delay,  would  prolong  the  agony  of  the  sufferer,  and  increase  the  dan danger  ger danger  of  death.  Of  the  23  submersion  cases,  all  recovered,  proving  the  value  of  the  internal  arrangements  of  the  institu institution,  tion, institution,  by  which  a  hot  bath  is  always  instantly  available  for  the  reception  of  such  cases.  The  class  of  in-patients  has  included  no  less  than  99  cases  of  wounds  of  the  bead  and  face  ;  a  larger  number  than  in  any  previous  year.  These  are  cases  which,  in  most  hospitals,  are  dreaded,  from  their  extreme  liability  to  erysipelas.  In  the  few  cases  in  which  this  has  occurred  recovery  has  invariably  taken  place.  Two  instances  of  erysipelas  in  the  arm  have,  however,  proved  fatal  ;  but  these  were  in  very  old  men,  with  btoken btokendown  down btokendown  constitutions,  whose  cases  were  hopeless  when  admitted.  The  proportion  of  deaths  is  greater  by  about  one-seventh  than  in  the  preceding  year,  hut  the  number  of  hopeless  cases  has  also  been  greater,  thus  virtually  reducing  it  to  almost  the  same  rate.  From  the  continued  prevalence  of  high  prices  and  other  unavoidable  causes,  the  expenses  of  the  hospital  have  again  been  heavy,  and  the  committee  continue  to  be  painfully  im impressed  pressed impressed  by  the  great  disproportion  between  the  expenditure  and  the  regular  income.  For  the  present,  indeed,  the  hospital  is  relieved  from  the  burden  of  debt  which  had  accumulated,  and  the  committee  think  it  only  due  to  two  of  their  members,  Mr.  Farnworth  and  Mr.  Aikin,  to  record  here  their  grateful  sense  of  the  obligation  to  them  which  the  hospital  is  under,  for  their  most  generous  and  successful  exertions,  and  also  to  the  donors  by  whom  those  exertions  have  been  so  liberally  met.  But  the  result  of  such  exertions  is  mainly  to  release  the  hospital  from  temporary  difficulty  and  pressure.  The  chronic  disproportion  between  the  income  and  the  expenditure,  must  again  encumber  the  institution  with  a  grow growing  ing growing  weight  of  debt,  for  the  removal  of  which  it  would  not  be  prudent  or  reasonable  to  rely  upon  a  renewal,  from  time  to  time,  of  such  extraordinary  efforts  as  have  just  been  gratefully  referred  to;  and  it  will  become  necessary,  either  to  procure,  by  a  widely  extended  subscription-list,  or  other  means,  an  increase  of  not  less  than  £BOO  per  annum  in  the  regular  and  certain  income,  to  maintain  the  institution  in  its  present  state  of  efficiency,  or  else  to  curtail  most  seriously  the  beneficial  operation  of  the  hospital,  which  is  already  restricted,  for  the  most  part,  to  those  urgent  and  acute  cases,  which  it  would  be  almost  impossible  to  turn  away  from  the  doors.  So  far  are  the  committee  from  being  willing  to  acquiesce  in  this  latter  alternative,  that  they  would  greatly  desire,  did  their  financial  position  permit,  to  increase  the  number  of  beds  to  one  hundred,  so  as  to  raise  the  hospital  to  the  rank  of  a  chartered  institution,  with  the  privilege  of  taking  pupils,  from  whom  fees  would  be  receivable,  and  recognition  as  a  medical  and  surgical  school.  Could  this  extension  be  prudently  effected,  a  greater  amount  of  good  could  be  done  with  a  less  proportionate  expense,  as  the  requisite  accommodation  already  exists,  and  the  present  staff  of  officials  would  scarcely  require  to  be  increased.  Such  an  elevation  of  the  character  of  the  institu institution  tion institution  would  be  attended  with  the  important  advantage,  that  the  pupils  would  relieve  the  house-surgeons  of  the  most  irksome  and  laborious  of  their  duties,  and  thus  lessen  the  difficulty  of  finding  eligible  candidates  for  the  office,  which,  owing  to  the  demand  created  by  the  war,  and  the  competition  of  more  lucrative  and  important  situations,  the  committee  have  latterly  found  to  be  exceedingly  great  ;  and  the  higher  terms  which  it  has,  consequently,  become  necessary  to  offer,  constitute  one  unavoidable  source  of  increased  annual  expense.  The  committee  have  to  lament  the  recent  removal  by  death  of  one  of  the  oldest  and  firmest  friends  of  the  hospital,  their  much  esteemed  vice-president,  the  late  Joseph  Brooks  Yates,  Esq„  who  was  greatly  instrumental  to  the  original  establish establishment  ment establishment  of  the  institution,  indefatigable  in  promoting  its  interests  as  president  during  the  first  eight  years  of  its  existence,  and  continued  to  the  last  to  devote  to  it  much  generous,  personal,  and  pecuniary  aid.  It  was  his  often  and  earnestly  expressed  wish,  that  the  hospital  should  assume  the  elevated  rank,  and  attain  ',to  the  more  extended  usefulness,  above  suggested  as  desirable,  and  it  would  be  a  source  of  great  satisfaction  to  the  committee,  if  the  finances  of  the  hospital  could  be  placed  in  so  healthy  and  satisfactory  a  state  as  to  make  it  feasible  to  accomplish  his  wish,  thus  paying  the  most  appropriate  tribute  to  the  memory  of  its  principal  founder  and  friend.  Mr.  Halhead  moved  that  the  report  and  statement  of  accounts  be  adopted,  printed,  and  circulated  among  the  subscribers.  In  doing  so,  he  said  that  it  would  be  well  that  it  should  go  before  the  public,  that  though  there  was  a  present  balance  of  £532  in  favour  of  the  institu institution  tion institution  on  the  face  of  the  accounts,  still  the  greater  portion  of  that  sum  was  already  owing.  He  agreed  with  the  report,  that  it  would  be  unwise  to  look  for  continued  donations  every  two  or  three  years,  and  he  therefore  hoped  that  the  friends  of  the  institution  would  exert  themselves  to  raise  the  annual  subscriptions,  which  constituted  the  permanent  income  of  the  Hospital.  Thanks  were  unanimously  voted  to  the  President,  Vice-Presidents,  Secretary,  Treasurer  and  Auditors,  the  Chaplain,  Rev.  T.  D.  Barry  and  his  curates,  the  Donors  to  the  Institution,  the  Honorary  Medical-officers,  and  the  other  officers  of  the  Institution  Mr.  C.  Martin  and  Mr.  C.  C.  Challinor,  in  moving  and  seconding  the  last  resolution,  spoke  in  the  most  eulogistic  terms  of  the  services  of  the  Matron,  and  their  observations  were  a  armly  endorsed  by  the  other  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  present.  On  the  motion  of  the  Rev.  Mr.  Robberds,  seconded  by  Mr.  C.  E.  Rawlins,  Mr.  James  Ingram  was  unani unanimously  mously unanimously  elected  President  for  the  ensuing  year.  The  Vice-Presidents  and  Committee  were  then  ap appointed,  pointed, appointed,  after  which  the  meeting  separated."
