text
"eally  Buonapartist  in  in,  British  in  spirit  and  dimensions  must  be  a  her  rulers  ller  DT  as  the  assumed  osientati  and  of  another  twelve  months  popular  opinion  worked  Gut  that  chas chastisement  tisement chastisement  which  is  due  to  her  crimes.  She  has  nothing  for  it  but  peace  or  desolation  ;  and  we  may  I  hay  well  pardon  her  pusillanimity  if  she  is  resolved  to  adopt  the  former  alternative  with  a  majestic  con condescension!  descension! condescension!  The  world  long  since  entertained  the  conviction  that  NICHOLAS  was  a  far-seeing  block_  head,  and  the  issue  of  the  present  die  nachfinnung  will'  sh  th  3  W  us  how  fir  the  Emperor  ALEXANDER  I  large  degree  of  tions  of  str  inderstand  t.  ,ZAR  must  ead  the  world  t  matter  It  is  not  involving  que  ck  can  overrun  Europe,  if  Russian  rulers  were  so  disposed.  The  present  discussion  must,  however,  do  good,  if  it  only  leads  to  our  redoubling  our  preparations  for  war.  There  was  something  required  to  infuse  new  life  into  the  Government  at  home,  and  the  chief  actors  in  the  tragedy  of  war  in  the  East.  And  if  it  answers  either  of  these  purposes,  peace  may  be  nearer  at  hand  than  the  country  may  suppose,  even  if  the  Austrian  propositions  should  fail—a  subject  on  which,  we  must  confess,  we  still  entertain  very  grave  apps  ehensions.  xis  is  the  title  our  respected  correspon correspon,  , correspon,  who  signs  hmself  Ex  furno  dare  ha  s  selected,  and  he  urges  us  not  to  drop  the  Gas  On  this  head  he  and  the  public  need  feel  no  apprehension.  All  we  seek  for  is  an  ample  supply  of  cheap  gas,  distributed  at  an  equitable  pressure,  and  charged  for  according  tohonestmeters.  To  abandon  such  a  cause  would,  in  our  estimation,  luestion  be  an  act  of  positive  immorality,  after  having  once  taken  it  up.  We  have  remained  silent  for  the  last  ten  days,  in  order  to  give  the  members  of  the  Gas  Committee  time  to  wait  on  the  Directors  of  the  Company  with  their  preposterous  propositions,  and  for  the  Directors  to  wait  on  the  Committee  in  turn  What  these  interviews  will  lead  to  it  is  impossible  to  say,  as  the  result  will  establish,  beyond  all  question,  the  long  suspected  insanity  of  either  the  one  or  the  other.  If  the  Gas  Company  should  hesi  tate  to  express  their  willingness  to  give  ten  or  twenty  thousand  pounds  to  any  one  who  can  effect  the  transfer  proposed,  they  must  be  stark,  staring  mad  !  And  if  the  Corporation  should  seriously,  and  really,  take  the  supply  of  gas  into  their  own  hands,  and  attempt  to  create  for  themselves  a  monopoly— monopolymake  make monopolymake  themselves  responsible  for  the  quality  of  light  supplied  to  the  town  ;  the  pressure  at  which  it  is  to  be  distributed  through  glaringly  defective  works  and  mains,  and  the  inaccuracy  of  thousands  of  measures  employed  between  them  and  their  constituents—the  Council  Chamber  will  become  a  model  lunatic  asylum,  wherein  the  use  of  the  straight  waistcoat  could  not  be  abandoned  with  safety  !  The  Council  do  not  expect  the  Gas  Company  to  ac.  cept  the;Committee's  resolutions  They  are  merely  to  be  used  for  the  purpose  of  introduction,  or,  what  is  termed  in  the  diplomatic  world,  the  bases  of  But  unfor unfortunately  tunately unfortunately  the  whole  of  Mr.  KITCHEN'S  speech  at  the  special  meeting  of  the  Council  on  the  Gas  question  was  fatal  to  the  adoption  of  the  Com Committee's  mittee's Committee's  Report.  He  contended  that  fl  per  ceu  and  that  an  e  And  ye  moves  r  which,  i  not  meant  to  saddle  the  whole  of  these  abortions  on  the  Council,  would  empower  his  Committee  to  put  iliemselves  lu  Quiuu..Liitaittuu  Trial  Lite  UOMpttity  parties  can  be  secured  while  Mr.  A.  C.  STEWART  .ocated  Mr.  KITCHEN'S  views  in  these  words  :  Another  advantage  in  the  plan  proposed  would  be  this—that  if  the  resolutions  were  carried  out,  they  would  be  relieved  from  any  opposition  by  a  new  Company  being  Surely  Mr.  STEWART  must  have  forgotten  that  the  object  of  the.  present  .  .  .  s,  if  the  ne  - STYLE=superscript  s;  NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY,  JANUARY  21,  1856.  gas  being  superseded.  The  matter  will  probably  be  brought  under  discussion  at  the  next  meeting  of  the  Council;  and  when  we  have  the  actual  under understanding  standing understanding  arrived  at  by  the  conferees  we  shall  be  able  to  form  a  better  opinion  of  the  chance  we  have  of  obtaining  those  desiderata  we  seek,  from  the  means  the  Borough  for  any  I  now  possesses.  Meanwhile,  if  our  ga.s-vendors  of  their  light  is"
