text
"hear,  1:  Lx,  forward  ?  _  3to  him  an  act  of  impertinence  for  the  party  who  put  Mr.  Mann  forward  to  use  that  cry,  and  if  that  party  had  the  control  and  management  of  the  affairs  of  the  country,  without  any  interference,  they  soon  should  have  neither  ships,  colonies  nor  commerce.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  Everything  that  party_  had  done  for  the  last  50  years  had  been  to  restrain  and  restrict  commerce,  while  everything  which  the  party  to  which  Mr.  Smith  belonged  had  been  to  give  it  the  widest  expansion.  (Cheers.)  Me  would  give  them  a  phrase,  which  would  be  a  much  more  appropriate  watchword,  and  serve  much  better  to  characterise  the  in influence  fluence influence  which  their  party  exercised  upon  public  affairs— 'affairs'  tubs,  flats,  and  (Laughter.)  For  if  they  had  the  control  of  the  country  ships  would  not  be  used  at  all,  be before  fore before  long  tubs,  drays,  and  fiats  would  be  sufficient.  (Laughter.)  The  meeting  was  then  addressed  in  a  few  words  by  Mr.  Williams,  Mr.  Doran,  Mr.  M'Kenna,  and  Mr.  Steele.  Thanks  were  voted  to  the  Chairman,  and  the  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  terminated.  Lnev  nai  [t  app  TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  MANIFESTO  OF  THE  EMPEROR  OF  RUSSIA  By  the  grace  of  God,  we,  Nicholas  1.,  Emperor  and  Autocrat  of  All  the  Russias,  &amp;c.,  make  known  as  follows  :  By  our  manifesto  of  the  14th  (26  )  of  June  of  the  present  year,  we  made  known  to  our  faithful  and  dearly  beloved  subjects  the  motives  which  had  placed  us  under  the  obligation  of  demanding  from  the  Ottoman  Porte  inviolable  guarantees  in  favour  of  the  sacred  rights  of  the  Orthodox  Church.  also  announced  to  them  that  all  our  efforts  to  recall  the  Porte,  by  means  of  amicable  persua persuasion,  sion, persuasion,  to  sentiments  of  equity,  and  to  the  faithful  observance  of  treaties,  had  remained  unfruitful,  tnd  that  we  had  consequently  deemed  it  indispen indispentble  tble indispentble  to  cause  our  troops  to  advance  into  the  bian  Principalities;  but,  in  taking  this  step,  still  entertained  the  hope  that  the  Porte  would  s  wrong  doings,  and  would  decide  Danu  acknowledge  it  Hui;  to  our  just  demands  Our  expectation  has  been  deceived  chief  Powers  of  Europe  have  sought  sn  vain  by  their  exhortations  to  shake  the  blind  ob obstinacy  stinacy obstinacy  of  the  Ottoman  Government.  It  is  by  a  declaration  of  war,  by  a  proclamation  filled  with  lying  accusations  against  Russia,  that  it  has  re responded  sponded responded  to  the  pacific  efforts  of  Europe,  as  well  as  to  our  spirit  of  long-suffering.  At  last,  enrolling  in  the  ranks  of  its  army  revolutionary  exiles  from  all  countries,  the  Porte  has  just  com commenced  menced commenced  hostilities  on  the  Danube.  Russia  is  challenged  to  the  combat,  and  she  has  no  other  course  left  her  than,  putting  her  trust  in  God,  to  have  recourse  to  force  of  arms,  1  the  Ottoman  government  to  res respect  pect respect  treaties,  and  to  obtain  reparation  for  the  in insults  sults insults  with  which  it  has  responded  to  our  most  moderate  demands,  and  to  our  legitimate  solici solicitude  tude solicitude  for  the  defence  of  the  Orthodox  faith  in  the  East,  professed  also  by  the  people  of  Russia.  We  are  firmly  convinced  that  our  faithful  sub subjects  jects subjects  will  join  their  prayers  to  those  which  we  ad address  dress address  to  the  Almighty,  beseeching  Him  to  bless  with  His  hand  our  arms  in  this  just  and  holy  cause,  which  has  always  found  ardent  defenders  in  our  ancestors.  In  to  Domine  speravi,  non  eon eonruntlar  runtlar eonruntlar  in  ceternum_  Done  at  Tzar  1 STYLE=superscript  ^  41 STYLE=superscript  20th  day  of  Octo-  and  so  to  comp€  ber  (Ist  of  Nove  .oe  Selo,  the  nber),  in  the  year  of  Grace,  1853,  nd  the  28th  of  our  reign  PARIS,  Friday  morning.—The  Moniteur  says—  Advices  from  Constantinople  announce,  that  the  French  and  English  squadrons  anchored  on  the  2nd  November  in  the  Bosphorus.  Admirals  Hamelin  and  Dundas  are  at  Constantinople.  Hostilities  have  commenced  on  the  Asiatic  frontier  as  well  as  on  the  Danube.  The  Turks  have  had"
