text
"entially  men  of  'business,  and  they  know  Ipital  quite  as  well  as  they  lo  that  of  Manchester  broadcloth  or  cotton  yarns.  We  trust,  however,  when  their  ends  have  been  fully  attained,  that  the  reasonable  demands  of  France  and  England  will  have  been  secured,  and  that  their  interference,  in  the  meantime,  will  not  swell  that  frightful  torrent  of  blood  which  has  already  deluged  the  banks  of  the  Danube  and  the  shores  of  the  Black  Sea.  Ilue  of  political  c  THE  Press  has  succeeded,  after  years  of  agita agitation,  tion, agitation,  in  securing  for  the  country  the  general  adoption  of  reformatory  institutions  for  juvenile  criminals.  The  publicity  given  to  the  crime  brought  before  the  authorities,  day  by  day,  has  had  its  effect,  not  only  in  forcing  magistrates  and  corporate  bodies  into  action,  but  in  rousing  the  moral  and  religious  classes  of  the  community,  and  bringing  them  to  look  diligently  to  the  degraded  and  dangerous  condition  of  their  fellow  -creatures,  as  well  as  to  their  own  temporal  interests  and  eternal  peace.  Moral  reformation  has,  in  fact,  become  a  universal  movement;  and  it  is  not  too  much  to  hope,  that  vast  individual  and  national  benefits  will  bo  the  ultimate  result.  The  house houseless  less houseless  orphan,  and  the  ill-used  offspring  of  ignorant  and  drunken  parents,  have  been  too  long  neglected  in  this  country  ;  and,  as  it  ever  must  be  where  society  neglect  their  duty,  we  have  been  made  to  pay  dearly  for  our  recklessness,  in  taxes  for  the  erection  of  prisons,  and  the  maintenance  of  a  large  police  force  for  the  suppression  of  crime.  Hitherto,  however,  we  have  confined  ourselves  mainly  to  the  punishment  of  offenders.  That,  after  incurring  an  immense  expenditure  of  money,  has  failed.  We  are  now  entering  on  an  era  of  reformation,  and  hope—by  affording  timely  shelter  and  tender  regard  to  the  youth  unconscious  of  the  guilt  they  commit,  and  the  frightful  end  that  awaits  a  life  of  vice—to  rescue  them  from  the  yawning  aulf  into  which  so  many  thousands  have  fallen.  This  is,  indeed,  a  great  and  good  work,  which  every  member  of  the  community  ought  to  sustain  by  contributing  his  mite,  be  it  ever  so  The  human  family  present  a  most  appalling  spectacle  when  viewed  as  a  whole  ;  and,  though  it  may  only  be  possible  to  grapple  with  one  limb  of  human  depravity  at  a  time,  still,  there  is  much  in  the  actual  condition  of  our  race  to  call  for  mighty  sacrifices  and  endless  toil,  in  the  great  work  of  social  regeneration.  We  have  always  contended,  that  the  whole  of  mankind  is  threatened  with  pre premature  mature premature  destruction  by  those  vices  which  are  still  rampant,  not  in  this  country  alone,  but  throughout  the  universe.  We  always  put  forward  the  extraordi extraordinary  nary extraordinary  decrease  in  the  duration  of  human  life.  as  a  proof  of  the  inroads  which  vice,  of  every  des description,  cription, description,  is  making  upon  humanity.  We  instance  the  longevity  of  our  species,  as  disclosed  to  us  in  Scripture  in  the  early  ages  of  the  world,  and  we  come  down  to  the  averages  given  in  our  present  tables  of  mortality.  If  we  go  back  to  the  days  of  JARED,  METHUSALEFT,  LAMECH  and  NOAH,  we  may  safely  conclude  that  the  average  of  life  was  100  years.  But  what  is  it  now  ?  By  some  it  has  been  set  down  at  nineteen  years  ;  but,  certain  it  is,  that  the  duration  of  man's  existence  has  been  shortened  by  three  score  years  and  ten,  since  the  period  to  which  we  allude.  We  cannot  attribute  this  fearful  curtailment  of  life  to  physical  causes.  Our  conventional  ideas—our  habits—our  recognised  follies—  our  cherished  vices—and  our  anti-Christian  neglect  of  each  other,  have  worked  out  that  appalling  result,  which  awakened  reason  can  scarcely  venture  to  contemplate.  The  wars  of  savage  nations  have  contributed  to  the  universal  desol  a  ti  on  .  Africa  and  Asia  have  known  no  peac  e  w  i  t  hi  n  the  memory  of  man.  The  Mogul  Tartars,  who  first  inhabited  the  American  Continent,  have  all  but  disappeared  in  wars  of  extermination  ;  and  Europe  is  cov  ere  d  with  the  bones  of  her  sons  who  have  fallen  victims  to  those  Pagan  notions  of  grandeur  and  power  which  rack  ,her  genius,  and  are  incessantly  deci decimating  mating decimating  her  manhood.  All  this,  aided  by  our  false  ideas,  ridiculous  habits,  petty  vice,  and  criminal  neglect,  has  robbed  man  of  his  prolonged  existence  upon  earth.  Every  work  of  regeneration  must,  therefore,  be  hailed  with  unmingled  joy  by  all  who  regard  the  temporal  and  eternal  welfare  of  their  fellow  -  creatures.  It  is  not  enough  that  we  should  have  a  fraction  of  our  population  stalwart  at  sixty,  full  of  intellectual  vigour  at  seventy,  and  go  down  to  their  grave,  in  possession  of  all  their  mental  faculties,  at  eighty.  years  of  age.  The  average  of  life  is  rapidly  dropping  down  to  infancy,  and  those  who  regard  the  great  superstructure  of  human  existence  should  be  up  and  doing  !  Mind  should  enforce  its  influence  over  matter,  that  the  frail  templ  e  o  f  life  may  b  e  preserved  as  it  was  in  primitive  times.  All  those  devastating  follies  and  vices,  which  afflict  the  world,  should  be  more  vigorously  assailed  than  ever.  Missionaries,  with  schoolmasters,  Christian  churches,  with  their  bishops,  deacons,  and  priests,  should,  one  and  all,  go  forth  in  increased  numbers,  to  reform  the  heathen,  and  to  arrest  the  shedding  of  blood  in  every  land.  Had  the  priests  of  Russia  trained  up  the  minds  of  her  rulers  and  people  to  abhor  war,  What  a  blessing  on  would  ha  ve  conferred  on  the  presentrccrng  on  generations  to  come  !  Had  the  chuha  e, STYLE=superscript  and  n  other  r  Christian  lands  d  enounced  the  impiousne  bloodshed,  and  h  a  d  employed  a  forty  ye  of  years'  peace  in  weaning  their  respective  nations  from  the  evil  tenor  of  their  ways,  w  e  should  have  had  no  invasion  of  Turkey,  nor  Crimean  battles,  But,  they  look  on  war  as  a  con-  72  74,  NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY,  JANUARY  31,  MIA  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  •  LIVERPOOL,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING.  There  has  been  a  very  active  demand  for  Cotton  to-day,  both  from  the  trade  and  exporters,  and  a  large  business  has  been  done  at  an  improvement  in  price  of  a  of  a  penny  per  lb.  The  total  sales  reach  15,000  bales,  and  include  5,000  for  specu speculation  lation speculation  and  export.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  has  been  lower  to-day  upon  the  decline  in  Consols,  and  the  arrangement  of  the  share  account.  At  the  close,  however,  the  tone  was  somewhat  firmer.-  -Aberdeen,  12i  12i.  Chester  and  Birkenhead,  131  131.  Caledonian,  281  283.  Chester  and  Holyhead,  121,  133.  Eastern  Counties,  91  9-7,.  East  Lancashire,  18  181-,.  Great  Nor Northern,  thern, Northern,  231  23-4.  Ditto  A,  91  91  3  .  Great  Western,  58  591.  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock  81,1  811.  Liverpool,  Crosby,  and  Southport,  15  151.  London  and  North  Western  Stock,  99  991.  Manchester,  Sheffield  and  Lincoln,  25  253.  Ditto  Preference,  11  12.  Ditto  New  6  per  cent  Pref.,  ;  in.  Midland  Stock,  693  693.  North  British,  72-  71.  North  Staffordshire,  8  71-d.  South  Eastern,  18  7-16  183.  York,  New Neweastle,  eastle, Neweastle,  and  Berwick,  187,-,  183.  York  and  North  Mid Midland,  land, Midland,  244  241.  Leeds  Capital  Stock,  14114;.  Dutch  Rhenish,  1  4p.  Ditto  New  Shares,  23  21p.  Great  Western  of  Canada,  25i  251.  Ditto  New  Shares,  34  3  5-16  p.  Great  Luxembourg,  84  81d.  Letters  from  St.  Petersburg  state  that  the  total  amount  of  bonds  bearing  interest,  and  issued  by  the  public  treasury,  had  risen  to  85  millions  of  silver  roubles  from  the  ordinary  average  in  times  of  peace,  which  seldom  exceeded  60  millions.  The  amount  of  paper  money  in  circulation  not  bearing  interest  has  increased  from  336  millions  in  1854  to  400  millions  at  the  close  of  last  year.  Accounts  from  Peru,  by  the  West  India  Mail Mailpacket  packet Mailpacket  Atrato,  furnish  some  interesting  particulars  regarding  the  guano  trade  from  the  Chincha  Islands.  It  appears  that  the  net  produce  of  a  ton  ofguano  to  Peru  when  sold  in  England  is  23  dols  sc,  and  when  sold  in  the  United  States  21  dols  sc.  The  loss  by  trans-shipment,  waste,  and  accidents  by  sea,  is  cal calculated  culated calculated  at  12  per  cent.  Recent  estimates  of  the  quantities  on  the  group  of  islands  are  as  follows  :  On  the  north  island,  as  computed  by  M.  Faraquet,  a  French  engineer,  4,189,477  tons;  on  the  middle  island,  as  calculated  by  Senor  Castanon  Cana  and  others,  2,505,948  tons  ;  and  on  the  south  island,  as  estimated  by  the  same  authorities,  :5,684,679  tons—making  a  total  of  12,380,102  tons.  From  official  returns  it  appears  that  the  quantity  of  guano  exported  from,November  1853,  to  Oct.  1855,  was  780,000  tons,  or  about  800,000  in  two  years,  which  is  valued  at  twenty  million  dole.  At  the  present  time  the  National  Debt  of  Peru  is  46,698,889  dollars,  bearing  interest  amounting  annually  to  2,101,750  dols.  Should  the  proceeds,  therefore,  of  guano  be  judiciously  applied,  there  is  sufficient  to  pay  off  the  debt  in  a  few  years.  According  to  the  customs  returns  at  Panama,  the  trade  between  that  port  and  California  is  steadily  increasing.  During  the  last  year  there  were  thirty-two  vessels  of  the  United  States  mer  cantile  marine  entered  the  port  from  thence  of  49,300  tons  aggregate  measure,  and  laden  with  cargoes  including  gold  and  specie  of  the  value  of  30,691,815  dols.  The  Funds  have  been  weaker  to-day.  At  one  period  of  the  morning,  the  extreme  reduction  from  the  final  quotations  of  yesterday  was  R  per  cent,  but  a  partial  rally  afterwards  took  place,  and  the  market  closed  a  to  2-  per  cent  lower  than  yesterday,  the  final  quotations  being  91k  to  911.  The  depres depression  sion depression  is  attributable  to  large  sales  by  some  of  Lthe  influential  parties  who  originally  purchased  in  the  hope  of  peace,  and  who  have  since  retained  their  stock.  There  has  also  been  a  continued  pressure  for  money,  especially  in  the  Stock  Exchange.  It  is  assumed,  however,  that  the  stringency  in  this  quarter  will  be  merely  temporary.  Rumours  con connected  nected connected  with  the  state  of  our  relations  with  the  United  States,  and  other  reports  thinking  that  the  Queen's  speech  will  only  refer  in  guarded  terms  to  the  peace  negociations,  assisted  in  the  prevailing  tendency  towards  depression.  In  most  quarters,  however,  there  is  a  disposition  to  scout  the  idea  that  any  serious  embroilment  can  arise  between  this  country  and  America.  The  commercial  rela relations  tions relations  of  the  two  States  are,  it  is  hoped,  ,too  inti intimate,  mate, intimate,  and  too  mutually  beneficial  to  admit  their  disturbance.  Another  failure  is  announced  on  the  Stock  Exchange.  The  individual  is  a  broker,  who  had  speculated  for  a  fall  in  Consols  and  Turkish  Stock.  Neither  in  this  case,  however,  nor  in  tiro  t  reported  yesterday  is  the  amounts  heavy.  At  Paris  to-day  the  Bourse  was  extraordinarily  buoyant.  The  Three  per  Cent.  Rentes  closed  fully  1  per  cent  higher  than  yesterday.  About  one  half  of  the  496,0001.  in  gold,  ex  the  Champion  of  the  Seas,  has  been  sent  to  the  bank  ;  the  other  moiety  goes  to  the  continent.  The  amount  of  specie  brought  in  by  the  Atrato,  from  the  West  Indies,  is  stated  at  276,000  dols  in  silver,  and  445,000  dols  in  gold,  making  a  total  of  about  144,0001.  The  Railway  Share  Market  to-day  was  generally  well  supported,  notwithstanding  the  flatness  of  Consols.  Subjoined  are  the  closing  quotations  :—Caledonian,  56+  571.  Eastern  Counties  91  91.  East  Lancashire,  Great  Northern,  934  9471.  Ditto  A,  77  79.  Great  Western,  57/  58,f.  Lancashire  and  York Yorkshire,  shire, Yorkshire,  811  80.  London  and  North  Western,  99  991.  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincolnshire,  25+  254.  Midland  Stock,  69+  70.  North  British,  30  31.  South  Eastern  and  Dover,6l+  611  1 STYLE=superscript  .  York,  New Newcastle,  castle, Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  75  7.5  i.  York  ' STYLE=superscript  and  North  Midland,  481  491.  The  weather  still  continues  frosty  and  cold,  although  otherwise  fine  overhead.  There  is  an  indication  of  con continued  tinued continued  frost.  The  Gazette  of  Tuesday  evening  announces  that  the  Queen  has  approved  of  the  appointment  of  Mr.  William  Watson  as  Consul  at  Liverpool  for  the  republic  of  Vene Venezuela.  zuela. Venezuela.  FIRE  LAST  NIGHT.  —About  half-past  eight  o'clock  a  fire  was  discovered  in  a  public-house  in  the  Old  Ropery,  near  Fenwick-street.  It  was  extinguished  before  any  material  damage  was  done.  LADIES'  COLLEGE  IN  LIVERPOOL,—We  understand  that  some  of  the  clergy  and  laity  of  the  town,  including  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  connected  with  the  Collegiate  Institution,  have  under  consideration  the  propriety  of  establishing  a  college  for  the  instruction  of  young  ladies,  similar  to  the  colleges  which  have  been  so  successful  in  London.  SUDDEN  DEATHS.—Yesterday  an  old  woman  named  Catherine  Harding,  who  lodged  in  a  c  iurt  off  Lawton Lawtonstreet,  street, Lawtonstreet,  and  who  sold  fruit  in  the  street,  was  found  dead  in  her  bed.  A  child  named  Egan,  22  months  old,  was  burnt  some  days  ago  and  died  yesterday.  Mary  McGee,  a  child,  died  suddenly  yesterday  in  Bolton  -street.  PROPOSED  PLAN  FOR  RENDERING  THE  MECHANICAL  FORCE  AFFORDED  BY  THE  RISE  AND  FALL  OF  THE  TIDE  AVAILABLE  AS  A  MOTIVE  POWER  FOR  PROPELLING  MACHINERY.—Such  is  the  title  of  an  elaborate  paper  (M.S.)  with  which  Mr.  Joseph  T.  Price,  of  34,  Hunter-street,  has  favoured  us.  He  also  sends  us  plans  in  reference  to  George's George'sbasin,  basin, George'sbasin,  as  illustrative  of  his  principle.  All  appear  to  have  been  compiled  with  great  care,  but  at  present  we  are  not  in  a  position  to  offer  any  remark  on  the  mooted  question.  Mr.  Price's  theory  seems  to  be  the  construction  of  machi machinery  nery machinery  to  be  worked  by  a  wheel,  which,  in  turn,  would  be  put  in  motion  by  the  rising  and  ebbing  of  the  tide.  He  enters  elaborately  into  this  point,  a❑d  if  what  he  proposes  on  paper  could  be  carried  into  practice,  no  doubt  the  success  would  be  unquestionable.  We  think  the  subject  worthy  the  attention  of  scientific  persons,  who,  from  practical  experience,  would  be  enabled  to  pronounce  on  the  merits  of  the  suggestion.  YouriG  MaNs'  CHRISTIAN  ASSOCIATION.—Last  evening,  the  Rev.  Luke  Wiseman,  of  Stoke  Newington,  attended  at  the  Hope-hall,  Hope-street,  for  the  purpose  of  delivering  the  eighth  of  a  series:of  winter  lectures  to  the  members  and  friends  of  this  association.  There  was  a  very  smaa  attend attendance.  ance. attendance.  At  the  time  appointed.  the  Rev.  Mr.  West  took  the  chair,  observing  that  on  that  occasion  his  duties  Would  be  exceedingly  light.  Sometimes  the  position  of  chairman  was  attended  and  surrounded  by  many  difficulties  ;  but  wh(  n  they  considered  the  lecturer  and  the  subject,  he  felt  that  he  was  relieved  from  all  difficulty,  as  both  commended  them themselves  selves themselves  so  much  to  the  meeting.  (Applause.)  He  would,  therefore,  conclude  by  introducing  the  Rev.  Luke  Wiseman.  (Applause)  The  lecturer,  on  c:miing  forward,  was  mst  enthusiastically  received.  lie  said  it  was  possible  that  the  title  of  the  lecture,  '  Things  sacred  and  things  might  not  seem  to  restrict  them  to  any  particular  line  of  thought,  therefore,  before  illustrating  the  subject,  it  might  be  desirable  that  he  should  explain  at  the  commencement,  a  little  more  particularly,  the  object  he  had  in  view.  He  then  went  on  to  explain  the  meaning  of  the  two  terns,  sacred  and  secular,  the  latter  denoting  worldliness,  an  d  t  h  e  other  it  s  opposite,  and  relating  to  all  things  spiritual  and  ecclesiasti  ca  l.  Wh  a  t  th  e  y  wou  ld  h  ave  to  consider  was,  where  th  e  t  wo  were  at  var  i  a  nce  with  eac  h  ot  h  er,  when  they  are  so  ant  agon  i  st  i  c  t  h  a  t  i  n  no  p  osi  t  ion  o  f  li  te  could  they  be  brought  t  o  act  w  i  t  h  eac  h  other.  The  lect  urer  t  h  en  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  t  o  t  race  t  h  e  var  i  o  u  s  opinions  that  h  a  d  ex  i  sted  ou  the  subject,  and  finally  concluded  by  showing  th  a  t  t  h  e  two  were  not  opp  ose  d  t  o  eac  h  other,  but  might  act  in  unison.  A  vote  of  thanks  to  the  lecturer  concluded  the  business.  At  the  next  meeting,  on  Wednesday,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Raffles  will  give  a  lecture  on  St.  Peter's,  and  the"
