text
"THAMES  POLICE  COURT,  LONDON.  TAKING  IN  AND  DOING  FOR  A  SAILOR.—Henry  sailors'  boarding-house  keeper,  of  No.  3,  Johnson-street,  Back-road,  Shadwell,  was  charged  with  having  unlawfully  detained  four  £5  Bank  of  England  notes,  the  property  of  John  Hall.  Hall  said  he  was  paid  off  at  Green's  Sailors'  Home  in  Poplar,  and  received  a  balance  of  £27  16s.  Bd.  for  his  ser services,  vices, services,  which  included  five  notes  for  £5  each.  Mrs.  Wiggins  was  at  the  Home,  and  after  he  was  paid  off  took  him  to  her  house  in  Johnson-street,  and  said  that  sailors  were  taken  in  and  done  for  there  in  a  proper  manner.  He  delivered  to  her  care  the  whole  of  his  notes.  Mr.  Yardley  :  Did  you  count  them  over  to  her  ?  Hall  :  I  did,  sir.  I  was  reluctant  to  deliver  my  money  to  her  at  first,  but  she  told  me  I  had  better  let  her  have  them,  and  that  she  would  put  them  in  a  drawer  and  lock  it  up,  and  let  me  have  the  key.  She  went  up  in  to  her  bed-room  with  the  money,  and  gave  me  a  key  from  a  bunch,  and  said  that  was  the  key  of  the  drawer  where  my  money  was.  She  would  not  let  me  see  the  place  where  she  had  deposited  the  money.  I  was  in  her  bed-room.  The  same  afternoon  she  took  me  out,  and  I  told  her  to  bring  one  of  my  £5  notes,  as  I  wanted  to  make  some  purchases.  She  gave  it  to  me  and  took  me  to  a  jeweller's  shop  and  selected  a  brooch,  which  she  asked  me  to  pay  for;  I  refused  to  buy  it,  and  she  was  very  angry  with  me.  I  never  received  the  other  notes.  On  Thursday  morning  I  told  Mrs.  Wiggins  I  wanted  the  rest  of  my  money,  and  she  looked  at  me,  and  said,  money  ?  I  have  none  belonging  to  I  said,  you  know  very  well  you  have  ;  I  have  not  lost  my  senses.  I  showed  her  the  key,  and  said  that  was  the  key  of  the  drawer  in  which  the  money  wag,  and  she  laughed  at  me  and  said  she  never  had  such  a  key.  He  demanded  his  money  of  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  and  his  wife  when  they  were  both  together,  and  they  told  him  he  was  dreaming,  and  said  they  had  none  of  his  money.  The  complainant  then  produced  the  key  given  to  him,  and  handed  it  to  the  magistrate.  '  The  defence  was  a  sturdy  denial  they  had  ever  had  the  money.  Mr.  Yardley  said  he  had  no  doubt  whatever  Mrs.  Wiggins  received  the  five  £5  notes,  and  unlawfully  and  fraudulently  withheld  four  of  them,  and  they  had  been  under  the  defen defendant's  dant's defendant's  control.  He  asked  the  defendant  if  he  would  refund  the  £2O  or  take  the  consequences;  but  on  his  still  declaring  his  wife  never  had  the  money,  the  magistrate  made  a  formal  order  upon  him  to  return  pay  a  fine  of  £lO  in  addition,  and  in  default,  to  be  imprisoned  and  kept  to  hard  labour  for  six  calendar  months.  The  wife  of  Wiggins,  from  the  back  of  the  court,  here  called  out—  I  never  had  the  money,  it  is  a  shame  to  rob  us.  Mr.  Yardley  :  Oh,  you  are  the  wife.  -You  had  better  not  be  talking  there,  but  go  home  and  get  the  £2O.  If  it  is  not  hereby  5  o'clock  I  will  commit  your  husband  to  hard  labour  for  six  months.  The  wife  took  the  hint,  and  in  the  course  of  an  hour  returned  with  £2O,  which  was  handed  to  the  sailor,  and  the  prisoner  was  liberated,  but  not  before  the  magistrate  had  read  him  and  his  wife  a  severe  lecture,  and  advised  thorn  to  be  very  cautious.  .  .  .  The  woman,  who  impudently  ,laughed  at  the  magistrate  while  he  was  talking  to  her,  demanded  128.,  which  she  said  was  owing  to  her  by  the  sailor.  Mr.  Yardley  :  Go  about  your  business.  You  intended  to  plunder  the  sailor  of  £2O.  Leave  the  court  instantly.  BANKRUPTS.  From  the  London  Gazette  of  Last  Night.  EANERUFTCY  ANNULLED.  John.  James,  trunk-maker,  Oxford-street  and  John-street,  London.  BANKRUPTS.  John  Sadler,  tallow  chandler,  Vere-street,  Clare-market,  London.  Thomas  Strenton,  grocer,  Bethnal  Green-road,  Middlesei.  Philip  Oliver,  dealer  in  mining  shares,  Edward-square,  Brompton,  Middlesex,  and  Llambadarnew,  Cardigan.  John  Delany,  wine  merchant,  Mark-lane,  London.  Francis  Salter,  'doctor  of  medicine  and  apothecary,  Tredegar-square,  Mile-end,  Middlesex.  Samuel  Bartholomew,  licensed  victualler,  Birmingham.  •  Charles  Samuel  Twigg,  brick  maker,  Cardiff,  Glamorgan Glamorgan  - Glamorgan  -  -  shire.  John  Lowther  Ward,  cotton  spinner,  Burnley,  Lancaster.  George  Aleock,  draper,  Manchester.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.—LYESTERDAY.  (Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.)  SUGAR  has  only  been  taken  to  a  moderate  extent  to-day,  the  sales  being  confined  to  60  hhds  Antigua,  at  34s  to  36s  9d;  40  hhds  Demerara,  at  34s  9d;  and  50  hhds  Porto  Itico,  at  34s  6d  19  cwt,  all  to  the  grocers.  Nothing  has  occurred  in  MOLASSES.  Of  RuM  only  a  small  lot  of  Demerara  is  reported  at  about  previous  rates.  COFFEE.-50  tierces  Jamaica  have  been  sold  at  former  rates,  and  by  auction,  800  bags  Singapore  chiefly  at  48s  to  48s  6d  cwt,  for  sound.  No  sales  of  RICE.  A  small  lot  of  Jamaica  Fume  brought  at  auction  X  7;  and  ditto  of  LoGwooD,  with  all-faults,  £6  2s  6d  ten  ;  also  80  bags  damaged  blue  GALL,  89s  ?  cwt  ;  and  250  bags  PIMENTO,  6d  TEA.  —Some  few  parcels  of  blackish  leaf  congou  have  been  placed  at  is  6d  to  is  7d;  common  has  rather  a  firmer  appearance  to-day,  and  could  not  be  purchased  in  quantity  under  is  3d  V  lb."
