text
"Prepared  expres  Always  on  Sale,  b  Y  &amp;  CO.,  35,  CHEESE  OR  EXPORT  NORTH  WILTS  alway.  in  Stoc  There  are  many  who,  at  this  moment,  believe  that  the  terms  of  peace  have  been  actually  signed,  and  that  the  conferences  which  may  hereafter  take  place,  are  nothing  more  than  mere  matters  of  form.  Let  those  who  really  have  a  regard  for  their  sub substance,  stance, substance,  take  heed  of  what  they  are  about.  A  few  days  must  show  us  what  diplomacy  really  has  in  The  Czar  cannot  require  more  than  store  for  us  ie  preliminaries  of  peace.  uis  mind  to  signing  He  has  the  best  starting  most  complete  and  the  most  intelligible  that  modern  wait  patiently,  nius  could  d  until  u  e;  and,  let  us  is  yet  but  idle  rumour,  except  the  bare  official  ssurance  received  by  telegraph,  the  Russian  Government  accept  the  Austrian  proposals,  as  -  tne  oases  of  Our  inflamed  enthu enthusiasm,  siasm, enthusiasm,  and  reckless  speculation,  hang  upon  this  one  solitary  and  wretched  peg,  which  admits  of  as  many  interpretations,  as  the  lovers  of  political  inuendoes  can  well  desire.  Should  it  turn  out  purely  Russian,  it  will  produce  a  panic  in  our  Stock  Market,  and  a  further  depression  in  trade,  which  will  help  to  increase  the  extraordi.  embarrassments  under  which  both  the  Ministry  and  the  public,  have  been  labouring  for  months  past.  The  Allied  Governments,  it  is  said,  do  not  desire  peace  in  their  hearts,  and  will  not,  therefore,  sanction  the  modification  of  the  proposed  terms  which  Russia  is  resolved  to  demand  before  she  will  consent  to  give  up  the  desperate  struggle  in  which  she  is  embarked.  With  these  warnings,  caution  should  mark  the  conduct  of  the  people  of  this  country  in  all  matters  relating  to  the  war.  They  should  not  allow  them themselves  selves themselves  to  be  duped  into  taking  everything  for  granted,  until  it  has  actually  taken  place,  and  no  room  is  left  for  doubt  or  disappointment.  If  the  Emperor  ALEXANDER  should  accept  the  Austrian  terms,  we  shall  know  how  to  appreciate  its  real  significance.  The  blessings  of  peace  will  soon  develope  themselves,  and  the  terrible  tales  of  the  last  two  years'  bloodshed  will  speedily  be  forgotten  amidst  the  renewed  hum  and  bustle  of  trade,  and  an  enlarged  commerce.  Let  us,  then,  all  wait  calmly  until  we  see  whether  the  diplomatic  gansa  is  really  about  to  lay  the  golden  egg,  or  to  disappoint  us  by  merely  cackling  and  rustling  in  the  straw  !  THE  COURT"
