text
"COUNTY  COURT-YESTERDAY.  The  court  sat  at  the  usual  hour  yesterday.  LEWIS  v.  WILLIAMS—This  was  an  action  brought  by  John  Lewis,  a  glazier,  against  William  Williams,  a  house  agent,  to  recover  1/.  ss.  10d.,  the  price  of  62 STYLE=superscript  feet  of  glass.  The  evidence  of  the  plaintiff  was  to  the  effect  that  a  tenant  of  a  house  for  which  defendant  was  agent,  came  to  him,  and  asked  him  to  put  in  the  glass,  upon  which  the  plaintiff  called  upon  defendant,  and  got  an  order  from  him  to  put  in  the  glass,  at  sd.  a  foot.  The  defendant  denied  that  he  had  given  any  such  order,  and  deposed  that  when  plaintiff  made  the  claim  upon  him,  he  told  him  to  go  to  the  person  who  had  ordered  the  work,  upon  which  plaintiff  said  If  you  don't  pay.me  I  will  swear  you  gave  the  His  honor  finally  gave  a  verdict  for  the  defence.  APMEE  v.  HARRIS—A  woman  named  M'Mee  sought  to  recover  ius.  11  UM  a  young  Mall  naurca.  lint  .F  a  pair  of  boots.  The  plaintiff  deposed  that  defendant  came  into  her  shop  to  purchase  a  pair  of  boots  ;  ho  tried  on  a  pair  which  did  not  fit,  and  then  another  pair,  the  price  of  which  was  10s.  In  taking  off  the  second  pair  of  boots,  he  pulled  ono  of  thorn  so  violently  that  the  leather  tore  across.  He  then  refused  either  to  take  the  boots  or  to  pay  for  them.  The  defendant  alleged  that  the  leather  in  the  boots  was  quite  rotten,  and  no  stronger  than  brown  paper,  and  said  he  took  them  off  as  easily  as  he  could.  Plaintiff  :  I  would  not  tell  a  lie  for  a  pair  of  boots.  We  are  here  to-day  and  there  to-morrow.  (Laughter.)  I  would  not  tell  a  lie  for  a  hun hundred  dred hundred  pairs  of  boots.  His  Honor  :  It  seems  that  you  were  rather  rough  in  this  matter,•and  that  you  did  some  mischief  which  you  might  have  avoided;  but  I  cannot  say  that  you  must  pay  10s.  for  it.  You  must  pay  half  a  crown,  and  the  costs  to  be  paid  in  court.  SLOANE  V.  YULE—Peter  Sloane,  linendraper,  summoned  George  Yule,  Dryden-street,  carrier,  for  if.  135.,  the  value  of  goods  furnished  to  his  wife.  The  defendant  alleged  that  he  never  knew  that  his  wife  had  got  the  goods,  and  never  saw  them.  Re  stated  that  he.told  his  wife  some  time  since,  never  to  take  any  goods  from  travelling  Scotchmen,  who  persuaded  people  to  give  them  orders.  He  also  desired  her  never  to  go  on  credit,  and  he  never  knew  that  she  did  so,  except  upon  one  occasion,  when  he  went  with  her  to  a  shop  in  town.  In  answer  to  the  court,  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  stated  that  he  had  265.  a-week  wages,  of  which  he  allowed  his  wife  1/.  for  the  support  of  the  family,  and  kept  the  remainder  for  clothes  for  them.  His  Honor  said  that  appeared  to  be  one  of  the  cases  in  which  by  the  recent  decision  of  the  judges  a  husband  was  not  liable.  It  appeared  that  the  defendant  had  given  positive  orders  to  his  wife  not  to  deal  with  those  people,  and  that  he  never  knew  that  she  had  got  credit,  except  .  upon  one  occasion,  when  he  was  himself  with  her.  He  should,  therefore,  hold  that  the  defendant  was  not  liable,  and  that  his  wife  had  no  authority  to  pledge  his  credit.  The  case  was  accordingly  dismissed.  GEORGE  JOHNSON,  TREASURER  OF  THE  LIVERPOOL  BENE BENEVOLENT  VOLENT BENEVOLENT  LOAN  SOCIETY,  V.  MOORE.—ThIS  was  an  action  brought  upon  behalf  of  the  above-named  society  to  recover  £3  ss.  from  the  defendant,  the  balance  remaining  due  of  a  loan  for  which  the  defendant  had  been  a  surety.  The  prin principal  cipal principal  in  the  case  and  the  co-surety  we're  some  years  dead.  Mr.  Chilton  appeared  for  the  defendant.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  of  the  officer  of  the  society,  that  the  last  pay payment  ment payment  was  made  in  July,  1846,  Mr.  Chilton  remarked  upon  the  hardship  caused  to  the  defendant,  who  was  a  poor  man,  in  being  now  called  upon  to  pay  this  amount,  after  a  lapse  of  seven  years,  and  after  the  principal  and  the  co-surety  had  died.  His  Honor  :  lam  prepared  to  say  that  it  is  a  case  in  which  I  may  grant  indulgence,  if  that  is  what  you  want.  I  shall  order  it  to  be  paid  in  a  very  small  way,  because  I  think  it  is  a  case  in  which  this  man  is  entitled  to  considera consideration.  tion. consideration.  The  officer  of  the  society  stated  that  they  were  will willing  ing willing  to  take  the  amount  in  any  payments,  however  small,  which  the  defendant  could  afford  to  give.  Tho  defendant  coicl  ho  nc  - STYLE=superscript  rci  icxeived  any  notice  of  the  debt  during  .  the  time  mentioned.  His  Honor:  I  will  take  that  into  consideration,  and  make  an  order  such  as  I  never  made  before  in  any  case  connected  with  such  societies.  I  will  order  that  it  be  paid  at  4s.  a  month.  The  greater  number  of  the  cases  heard  during  the  day  were  trifling  claims  of  debt,  which  possessed  no  public  in interest.  terest. interest.  We  understand  that  Mr.  Bright,  M.P.,  will  be  unable  to  be  present  at  the  Peace  Meeting  about  to  be  held  in  Glasgow,  in  consequence  of  a  sudden  and  severe  domestic  bereave bereavement.  ment. bereavement.  Her  Majesty  the  Queen,  hearing  of  the  very  heavy  drain  upon  the  funds  of  the  Shipwrecked  Fishermen  and  Mariners'  Royal  Benevolent  Society,  consequent  upon  the  late  disas disastrous  trous disastrous  gales,  has,  with  her  accustomed  liberality,  presented  this  valuable  institution,  of  which  she  is  patron,  with  the  sum  of  100  guineas.  THE  TEA  TRADE,  Nov.  14.--The  deliveries  of  tea  in  London  for  the  week  are  584,2101  b.,  a  trifling  decrease  only  as  compared  with  the  previous  week.  DEATH  OF  LADY  PANMURE.  —We  regret  to  announce  that  Lady  Panmure  died  on  Friday,  at  Pitfour  Castle,  Perthshire.  Lady  Panmure,  who  was  born  in  1807,  was  the  eldest  daughter  of  the  second  Lord  Abercrombv,  and  was  married  to  Lord  Panmure,  then  the  Hon.  Fox  Maule,  in  1831.  She  leaves  no  issue.  DEATH  FROM  EATING  YEW  BERRIES.—A  few  days  since  Mr.  Whitmarsh  held  an  inquest  at  Sevenhampton,  on  the  body  .  of  a  child,  who  had  been  poisoned  by  eating  some  yew  berries  which  it  had  picked  up  in  the  churchyard  while  playing  there  with  some  other  children.  The  jury  found  that  the  deceased  had  been  bury 'poisoned.—Salisbury'  Journal.  GOOD  COUNSEL.—The  most  superficial  glance  at  the  present  condition  of  European  states  shows  that  those  nations  which  linger  in  the  race  cannot  hope  to  escape  the  partial  diminution,  and,  perhaps,  final  annihilation  of  their  resources.  It  is  with  nations  as  with  nature,  which  knows  no  pause  in  ever  increasing  movement,  development,  and  production  —a  curse  ever  cleaving  to  standing  still.—Hion still.—Hionbold&amp;  bold&amp; still.—Hionbold&amp;  LADY  CHARLOTTE  GUEST,  of  Dowlais,  has  promised  to  supply  the  whole  of  Dowlais  with  water  at  her  own  expense,  involving  an.  outlay  of  3,000/.  The  supply  is  to  Le  drawn  from  the  Dowlais  lands,  and  will  prove  a  most  invaluable  boon  to  Dowlais,  which  at  present  is  scarcely  supplied  with  this  necessary  element,  and  the  sanitary  condition  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  is  extremely  wretched."
