text
"t  3  lib  iiration4.  WILLMER'S  RAILWAY  STFAM  BOAT  GUIDE,  Price  2d.  It  is  Published  on  the  First  of  each  Month,  at  the  0E4019,  SOUTH  JOHN-STREET,  LIVER-.  POOL.  It  contains  the  hours  of  all  Trains,  Steam  Boats,  and  other  conveyances  leaVing  or  arriving  in  Liverpool.  Sold  by  all  Booksellers.  IMPORTANT  ADVERTISING  MEDIUM.  ru  HE  WOLVERHAMPTON  and  SAFFORD SAFFORDSHIRE  SHIRE SAFFORDSHIRE  HERALD,  and  Birmingham,  Shropshire,  and  Midland  Counties  Advertiser,  is  one  of  the  best  circulated  papers  in  the  wealthy  and  densly-populated  districts  of  South  Staffordshire,  the  great  iron  and  mining  district  ;  is  universally  read  in.  Wolverhampton,  Birmingham.  Dudley,  Walsall,  Stourbridge,  Lichfield,  Bilston,  Wednes Wednesbury,  bury, Wednesbury,  Oldbury,  Darlaston,  Kidderminster,  Burton-on-Trent,  and  in  the  adjoining  counties  of  Worcestershire,  Shropshire,  and  Warwickshire.  The  locality  stands  unrivalled  for  the  gigantic  character  of  its  manufacturing  operations,  vast  resources,  high  commercial  enterprise,  and  its  teaming  popu population,  lation, population,  containing,  as  it  does,  not  less  than  600,000  inhabi inhabitants.  tants. inhabitants.  Extensively  circulating  throughout  so  important  and  fertile  a  field  of  human  industry,the  is  unquestion unquestionably  ably unquestionably  a  first-rate  medium  for  auctioneers,  insurance  offices,  public  companies  and  societies,  professional  men,  merchants,  factors,  tradesmen,  and  general  advertisers.  The  liberal  charges  adopted  by  the  proprietors  of  the  has  secured  for  that  journal  a  most  extensive  patronage.  The  is  published  every  Wednesday  morning  on  a  sheet  as  large  as  the  at  the  office,  Snow-hill.  Wolverhampton.  Price,  by  subscription,  ss,  6d.  per  half halfyear.  year. halfyear.  Rartytrn  Tuitto,  THEATRE  ROY  AL  MISS  CUSIIMAN  will  appear  at  this  Theatre  on  THURSDAY  next,  15th  instant,  in  the  character  of  BIANCA,  in  Hillman's  Tragedy  of  being  engaged  for  that  night  only.  Last  Six  Nights  of  MISS  FITZPATRICK,  whose  successful  debut  in  London,  and  subsequent  tour  in  the  United  States,  hare  distinguished  her  as  one  of  the  principal  artistes  in  Comedy.—Tills  EVENING  (MONDAY)  12th  instant,  THE  BELLE'S  STRATAGEM.  Letitia  Hardy,i  Miss  Fitzpatrick.  To  conclude  with  FORTUNE'S  FROLIC.—MR.  BARRY  SULLIVAN,  who  is  engaged  for  FIVE  NIGHTS  ONLY,  will  make  his  first  appearance  on  MONDAY,  the  19th  instant—Admission  :  Dress  Boxes,  48.  ;  Upper  Boxes,  3s.  ;  Pit,  25.;  Gallery,  1  s.—  Doors  open  at  half-past  six.  Performances  commence  at  seven  o'clock  precisely.—The  Box  Office  is  open  from  Ten  till  Three  o'clock  daily,  for  securing  Seats  and  taking  Private  boxes,  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  T.  Sh  u  ttl  ewor  th.  —Children  in  arms  will  not  be  admitted.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  Sole  Lessee,  Mr.  IV.  B.  Copeland,  15,  Great  Charlotte-street  IMMENSE  SUCCESS  OF  PABLO  FANQUE'S  COMPANY!  CHANGE  OF  PERFORMANCE,  THIS  EVENING  (Mor)Ay),  December  12th,  and  the  following.  evening.—  First  night  of  the  Ballet  entitled  MARCO  SCIARRO  ;  or,  THE  BRIGAND  QUEEN  OF  THE  ABRUZZI.  First  Appearance  of  the  TRAINED  PONY  and  MONKEY.  First  appearance  of  MADAME  ANTONIA.—Doors  open  at  a  quarter  to  seven  o'clock  . STYLE=superscript  ,  a:id  the  Performance  to  com commence  mence commence  at  half-past  seven.—Prices  of  Admission  :  Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  2s.  6d.;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Stalls,  Is.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  2s.  ;  Side  Boxes,  Is.  6d.  ;  Pit;  ls.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Second  Price,  to  Boxes  and  Pit,  at  nine  o'clock.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament  Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  THIS  EVENING  (MONDAY),  Dec.  10th,  will  be  performed,  MARY  MARSTON;  or,  THE  TRIALS  OF  POVERTY.  Mary,  Miss  Marriot.  After  which,  THE  DIVIDED  ROOM.  To  conclude  with  THE  VOW  OF  SILENCE.  —On  TUESDAY,  for  the  BENEFIT  of  MR.  WALTON,  FAZIO  To  conclude  with  the  WIZARD  OF  THE  WAVE.  -  —ln  Rehearsal,  the  New  Grand  Local  Christmas  Pantomime  ORMSHEAD  THE  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON.  Columbine,  Mademoiselle  Rose;  Harlequin,  Sig.  Guarrino  ;  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson;  Inimitable  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby.—  Doors  open  at  half-past  six,  commence  at  seven  o'clock.—Admission,  Private  Boxes,  25.;  Boxes,  Is.;  Pit,  6d.;  Gallery,  3d.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  THIS  DAY—Morning,  9h.  13m  ....  Afternoon,  9h.  34m.  MONDAY,  DECEMBER  12,  1853  ,  THE  Turco-Russian  war  retains  all  its  peculiar  features.  As  far  as  Turkey  and  Russia  are  con concerned  cerned concerned  it  is  a  bloody  war.  As  far  as  England  is  concerned  it  is  a  perfidous,  dishonest,  stock-jobbing  war.  As  far  as  France  is  concerned  it  is  a  war  it  which  her  existence,  as  a,  constitutional  empire,  is  at  stake.  To  feed  the  dastardly  ambition  of  one  monster,  a  whole  nation  must  be  overrun  with  fire  and  sword.  That  monster,—we  need  scarcely  name  him,—is  one  of  the  family  of  European  Kings.  He,  therefore,  commands  the  sympathy  and  respect  of  his  entire  kindred.  And  all  the  and  are  but  so  many  snares,  delusions,  and  traps  laid  for  the  unfortunate  Ottoman  people,  The  Mussulman  resists  a  ll  overtures  and  at attempts  tempts attempts  that  are  made  to  bring  him  into  the  great  Church  and  State  Convention  of  more  enlightened  nations.  His  existence  is,  therefore,  looked  upon  as  a  blot  on  the  Orthodox  NICHOLAS,  of  bloody  memory,  is  sent  to  usurp  his  territory,  and  as  the  defender  of  the  Orthodox  of  Con Continental  tinental Continental  Europe,  to  demand  the  possession  of  . STYLE=superscript  a  certain  from  its  lawful  possessors.  The  inquiry  about  this  notable  relic  of  very  doubtful  origin,  roused  the  ridicule  of  the  world.  The  loud  laugh  of  Christendom  was  too  much  even  for  the  frigid  and  plodding  ABERDEEN,  and  the  fabulous  was  thrown  aside,  but  not  before  the  sove sovereignty  reignty sovereignty  of  the  Turkish  Empire  had  been  violated,  and  her  territories  seivd  by  the  defender  of  the  Is  this  conduct  befitting  a  great  country  ?  We  are  a  commercial  people,  and  once  we  forfeit  our  character  for  veracity  and  consistency,  we  cease  to  be  worthy  of  credit,  and  our  status  as  a  trading  nation,  except  in  blood,  is  for  ever  lost.  That  - STYLE=superscript  England  is  to  blame  for  the  shedding  of  the  blood  of  the  Turks,  no  one  can  pretend  to  deny.  Every  effort  that  political  craft  could  design  has  been  re resorted  sorted resorted  to,for  the  purpose  of  stifling  the  expression  of  popular  feeling  on  this  most  momentous  question.  A  fleet  has  been  sent  into  the  Black  Sea,  but  it  is  there  only  to  witness  the  capture  of  Turkish  ships  by  Russian  men-of-war;  and  now  an  amistice  is  to  be  demanded  at  the  hands  of  the  SULTAN,  in  order  that  the  Orthodox  of  a  mock  POPE  may  not  be  outraged  by  the  scimetar  of  a  Mussulman.  In  writing  the  history  of  this  fearful  chapter  of  political  profligacy,  there  are  certain  Royal  influ influences  ences influences  as  well  as  ministerial  predilections  to  b  e  taken  into  account.  The  close  intimacy  between  the  courts  of  SL  Petersburg,  Vienna,  Berlin,  and  the  houses  of  Orleans  and  Bourbon,  and  the  court  of  St.  James',  is  a  matter  of  no  small  concern  to  the  Bonapartists  of  France.  At  a  moment  when  we  needed  the  cooperation  of  France  to  check  the  encroachments  of  Russia,  Her  MAJESTY  calls  to  the  head  of  her  ministry  the  very  man  who  was  instrumental  in  restoring  the  Bourbons  to  the  throne  of  France,  and  whose  antecedents  must  necessarily  render  him  more  or  less  obnoxious  to  the  present  Emperor  NAPOLEON.  A  man  who  is  blessed  with  a  daughter  Dolly  can  never  forget  her;  and  thus  we  find  it  with  LORD  ABERDEEN.  As  a  statesman  the  Premier  commenced  his  career  as  our  ambassador  at  the  court  of  Vienna,  whence  he  was  sent  for  the  express  purpose  of  detaching  the  Austrian  . STYLE=superscript  Emperor  FRANCIS,  from  an  alliance  with  NAPOLEON  I.  and  throughout  the  whole  of  his  dispatches  written  at  that  memorable  epoch,  he  expresses  his  most  sanguine  belief  as  to  the  speedy  downfall  of  the  Napoleon  system,—and  when  this  event  did  take  place  he  was  sent  to  France  to  sign  the  Treaty  of  Paris  as  one  of  the  Plenipotentaries.  The  knowledge  he  thus  acquired  of  the  exact  position  of  the  leading  parties  in  France,  at  that  time,  was  doubtless  the  strongest  reason  that  could  be  assigned  for  his  appointment  to  office  so  soon  after  the  elevation  of  NAPOLEON  •111.  to  the  French  throne.  And  here  it  would  be  by  no  means  unreasonable  to  assume  that  Lord  ABERDEEN  was  a  party  to  the  recent  reunion  of  the  members  of  the  houses  of  Orleans  and  Bourbon.  This  latter  event,  however,  is  one  of  very  doubt doubtful  ful doubtful  expediency,  as  it  can  only  tend  to  exasperate  the  Bonapartists  of  France,  and  make  them  view  our  conduct  in  the  East  with  that  distrust  which  up  to  the  present  moment  it  really  merits.  In  proposing  to  make  a  NAPOLEON  a  party  to  a  new  Holy  Alliance  against  Russia,  we  confer  a  favour  on  France  which  is  not  binding  on  the  Bourbon Bourbonists  ists Bourbonists  or  oAeanists  ;  and  if  NAPOLEON  were  to  send  his  troops  to  the  Danube,  it  is  just  possible  that  he  might  forfeit  his  position  on  the  Seine.  Coupling  this  view  of  probabilities  with  the  well wellascertained  ascertained wellascertained  Bourbonist  and  Orleanist  sympathies  of  the  Court  and  Cabinet  of  England,  we  need  scarcely  look  for  any  real  succour  for  the  Turkish  people,  except  that  which  an  indignant  public  voice  can  demand  and  enforce.  The  English  peo people  ple people  have  much  at  stake  on  this  question,  and  the  North  should  speak  out  ere  it  is  too  late.  THE  number  of  juvenile  mendicants,  sturdy  beggars,  and  deformed  and  miserable  objects,  that  infest  the  thoroughfares  of  large  towns,  is  truly  alarming.  Their  whining  cries,  fictitious  tales  of  distress,  and  loathsome  appearance,  draw  largely  upon  the  impulsive  sympathy  and  misplaced  be benevolence  nevolence benevolence  of  the  passers-by,  who  seldom  consider  the  vast  evil  that  agrcrues,  or  the  vagabondism  they  are  increasing,  by  such  eleemosynary  aid  as  they  confer.  Sir  R.  CARDEN,  one  of  the  London  aldermen,  has  endeavoured  to  mitigate  if  not  abolish  the  evil— eviland  and eviland  for  this  purpose  has  begun  with  the  young  urchins,  determined  to  render  that  class  extinct,  by  inflicting  summary  punishment  upon  the  un unnatural  natural unnatural  and  unfeeling  parents,  who  send  them  forth  at  this  inclement  season,  half  naked,  to  practice  their  system  of  extortion  in  order  to  procure  means  to  supply  their  own  vicious  cravings,  and  gin ginchinking  chinking ginchinking  propensity  But  the  difficulty  is  to  find  the  responsible  parties.  The  case  brought  before  the  cognisance  of  the  Metropolitan  magistrates  on  Thursday  last,  only  shows  how  cunningly  and  craftily  paternity  can  be  evaded.  Those  little  begging  children  have,  as  a  matter  of  course,  neither  father  or  mother.  They  are  all  like  ToPsY  in  this  particular.  Some  kind  uncle,  or  affectionate  old  aunt,  invariably  gives  them  shelter,  and  being  too  poor  to  maintain  them,  are  obliged  to  let•them  shift  for  themselves  !  But  the_  only,  \NW  for  the  magistrates  to  act  is,  to  treat  the  reputed  relations  just  as  they  would  the  others—and  we  think  there  is  little  fear  but  that,  in  the  majority  of  cases,  the  saddle  would  be  put  upon  the  right  horse  !  One  cannot  pass  a  street  without  being  beseiged  by  those  young  vagabonds,  with  the  long  and  nasal  cry  of  ha'penny,  and  really,  sometimes,  you  are  necessitated  to  toss  them  a  in  order  to  get  rid  of  such  disreputable  pages,  and  their  tormenting  importunity.  Our  curiosity  has  sometimes  led  us  to  interrogate  those  artful  as  to  their  temporal  condition.  In Invariably  variably Invariably  have  they  invented  most  melancholy  tales  of  woe  ;  but  when  we  asked  for  their  whereabouts,  assuring  them  if  their  statements  were  true,  some something  thing something  should  be  done  for  them,  in  almost  every  instance  we  had  been  furnished  With  a  wrong  ad address.  dress. address.  It  is  a  common  thing  foridle,  drunken,  and  de depraved  praved depraved  parents,  to  send  out  their  young  brood  to  beg,  each  one  planting  himself  or  herself  in  a  particular  locality  for  the  day.  In  the  evening  the  proceeds  are  placed  together,  which  generally  are  sufficient  to  allow  of  a  night's  debauch.  After  a  little  training  in  the  arts  of  lying  and  begging,  a  taste  for  thiev thieving  ing thieving  is  speedily  engendered  ;  and  whilst  the  juvenile  miscreant  holds  out  one  hand  for  the  donation  of  the  unsuspecting  philanthropist  he  dexterously  abstracts  a  pocketkerchief  with  the  other  !  Crime  is  progressive.  One  moral  delinquency  is  invariably  the  precursor  of  a  greater  still—and  our  gaol  Ca Calenders  lenders Calenders  but  too  painfully  testify  to  the  ultimate  end  of  those  who  first  began  their.  career  by  whining  in  our  streets,or  sweeping  the  crossings  of  our  public  thoroughfares.  To  relieve  this  class  of  beggars  is  doing  a  great  social  wrong.  We  thereby  encourage  their  parents  to  live  in  ease,  luxury,  and  vice  destroy  all  moral  sentiment,  little  as  it  may  be,  in  the  child—and  make  him  for  ever  an  enemy  to  society  and  a  curse  to  himself  !  But  there  other  descriptions  of  street  beggars,  as  objectionable,  if  not  more  so,  who  endeavour  very  successfully  to  evade  the  law  which  prohibits  the  asking  of  alms  in  public.  We  allude  to  the  veaders  of  matches,  and  similar  trumpery  wares,  as  well  as  to  the  host  of  cripples,  blind  and  halt,  malformed  and  deformed—in  fact,  human  monstro monstrosities  sities monstrosities  of  every  kind,  who  drive  a  roaring  and  receive  far  more  money  thereby  than  many  a  hardworking  and  honest  labourer  who  contributes  to  the  maintenance  of  the  State.  Really  Mr.  BULL  is  gullible  to  an  almost  inconceivable  degree.  His  ear  is  always  open  to  the  wily  tale  of  distress,  let  it  be  ever  so  fictitious;  but  the  appearance  of  mendicancy  in  tattered  garb,  preternatural  aspect,  or  like  LAZARUS,  covered  with  ulcers,melts  his  very  heart,  and  he  quickly  unbuttons  his  breeches breechespocket  pocket breechespocket  to  administer  to  the  wants  of  the  atlicted  ;  and  many  act  thus  who  never  subscribe  one  farthing  towards  the  funds  of  benevolent  institutions  ex expressly  pressly expressly  intended  to  succour  such  miserable  objects  as  are  deserving.  We  think  that  we  would  not  be  far  wrong  in  saying,  that  one-half  the  money  indis indiscriminately  criminately indiscriminately  and  foolishly  thrown  away  by  exuberant  charity  in  the  relief  of  every  description  of  street streetbeggars  beggars streetbeggars  would,  relieve  all  the  really  distressed  objects  in  the  country—fin  ding  them  in  suitable  asylums,and  providing  moderately  fur  their  wants.  '  The  general  public  have  no  conception  of  the  nefarious  arts  practised  upon  their  credulity.  In  fashionable  squares  the  greatest  scoundrels  hawk  religious  tracts  and  put  on  as  doleful  faces  as  if  they  were  at  a  Ranter's  Meeting  !  Mahomedans  the  converted  Christian  first-rate  ;  and  draw  many  a  shilling  from  the  well-lined  purses  of  pious  old  maiden  ladies,  who,  doubtless,  look  upon  the  miracles  of  with  up-turned  vision  !  Others  take  to  grinding  a  wretched  organ  to  the  tune  of  the  old  singing  the  while  with  drawl drawling  ing drawling  air  and  sonorous  voices,  and,  by  way  of  interlude,  reading  ever  and  anon  two  lines  of  the  psalm.  By  this  disgraceful  mockery  of  religion  these  canting,  crawling  hypocrites  turn  their  godly  seeming  into  goodly  gain!  Others  again,  labouring  under  opthalmic  disease,  take  up  their  positions  at  the  corners  of  streets  or  on  the  centres  of  bridges,  and,  with  the  help  of  an  embossed  bible,  spout  away  most  stentoriously  and  solemnly,  early  morn  till  dewy  the  moral  counsels  ;  b  u  t  no  sooner  is  their  day's  work  ended  than  they  betake  themselves  to  a  neighbouring  tavern  and  drink  themselves  blind  drunk—forgetful  of  the  excellent  precepts.  they  have  had,  a  little  while  before,  upon  their  tongues  !  Then,  as  to  the  loathsome  and  disgusting  spec spectacles  tacles spectacles  that  present  themselves  in  our  streets,  how,  is  it  that  they  are  tolerated  by  the  authorities  ?  Sometimes  one's  feelings  are  not  only  pained,  but  fairly  shocked,  by  the  scandalous  and  indelicate  exposures  which  occur  even  at  noon-day.  'Tis  not  long  since  two  or  three  men,  having  the  garb  of  sailors,  stopped  us  in  the  street  to  solicit  charity,  and  turned  up  their  coat  sleeves  thrusting  almost  into  our  very  face  arms  fearfully  covered  with  reeking  sores  !  Many  who  are  only  fit  subjects  for  our  hospitals  or  Hunteriau  museums,  are  suffered  to  prowl  about  our  leading  thoroughfares  making  a  gain  of  their  gangrenous  limbs  and  hideous  deformations—to  the  alarm  of  young  married  ladies  and  the  horror  of  every  observer.  Now,  why  should  such  evils  be  countenanced  or  permitted  ?  Why  should  •  our  cities  and  towns  be  thus  turned  into  out-door  Lazar-houses,  and  refuges  for  all  the  horrible  diseases  which  infest  the  world,  and  where  The  Anthropophagi,  and  men  whose  heads  Do  grow  beneath  their  can  find  succour,  and  the  miserable  and  diseased  obtain  means  whereby  to  make  life  not  only  en endurable  durable endurable  but  merry,  with  all  their  apparent  suffer sufferings  ings sufferings  !  We  should  not  wilfully  breathe  a  word  that  would  be  calculated  to  impede  the  current  of  true  charity.  But  we  think  it  would  be  much  better  were  the  philanthropist  to  seek  out  uncomplain  ing,  enduring,  and  inobtrusive  poverty,  and  when  found,  to  relieve  it,  than  by  indiscriminate  charity  harbour  a  whole  host  of  thieves  and  prostitutes— prostitutesmake  make prostitutesmake  deceit  successful—and  villany  remunerative.  Fictitious  woe  is  always  to  be  distinguished  from  that  which  is  genuine.  The  one  is  boisterous,  the  other  is  tranquil.  Deep  distress  like  mighty  rivers  is  silent;  whilst  affected  misery,  like  purling  brooks,  is  ever  distinguished  by  its  murmurs.  By  all  means  let  deformed  and  diseased  objects  be  re removed  moved removed  to  fitting  asylums  away  from  public  sight,  not  to  harrow-up  our  feelings  by  their  doleful  whines  and  melancholy  lamentations.  We  trust  that  the  good  work  commenced  by  Sir  R.  CARDEN,  will  be  extend  to  all  other  orders  of  street  mendi mendicants,  cants, mendicants,  and  that  the  magistrates  of  Liverpool  will  follow  the  London  alderman's  meritorious  and  praiseworthy  example.  These  would  be  important  steps  in  the  way  of  social  reform.  Upwards  of  20,000  head  of  cattle,  of  all  descriptions,  were  imported  into  England  last  week.  Upwards  of  100,000  persons  visited  the  Smithfield  cattle  show  last  week.  The  Porte  having  declined  to  receive  any  compensation  for  the  repairs  of  the  Friedland  —repairs  which  cost  300 STYLE=superscript  ,000fr.—General  Baraguay  d'Hilliers  made  a  present  to  the  Suitor  of  2,500  Vincennes  rifles.  MARITAL  BRUTALITIES  —Mr.  Wilson,  of  the  Economist,  recommends  as  a  means  of  stopping  the  brutality  of  husbands,  that  the  law  should  be  made  better  known.  We  think  this  a  mistake  —w  e  don't  believe  there  is  a  brute  anywhere  who  is  at  this  hour  ignorant  of  the  six  months'  clause.  ACCIDENTS.  —The  following  persons  have  been  admitted  into  the  Northern  Hospital  since  our  last  publication,  and  are  now  under  surgical  treatment  in  that  institution:..  James  Welsh,  Chisenhall-street,  with  a  severe  contusion,  from  a  block  of  wood  falling  upon  him,  while  employed  on  board  the  ship  Tereen,  in  the  Bramley-Moore  dock.  Horatia  James,  with  a  broken  ankle,  occasioned  by  slipping  from  a  *tag  e.  John  Webb,  w  ith  a  f  ractured  h  i  p,  from  a  sack  of  corn  falling  upon  him.  Mr.  COWELL  began  fa  lengthy  speech  by  addressing  the  assembly  as  dear  (in  allusion  to  a  placard,  headed  Cowell  and  his  which  had  appeared  upon  the  walls  of  the  town  during  the  week.)  (Cheers.)  How However,  ever, However,  be  that  as  it  may,  we  have  got  over  another  week,  and  it  is  now  drawing  very  near  to  Christmas,  and  perhaps  when  Christmas  gets  turned  we  shall  have  a  little  better  trade  than  we  have  at  present,  and  then  we  shall  have  a  scrambling  for  hands,  and  the  millowners  of  Preston  will  wish  to  have  us  again,  knocking  our  shuttles  about,  spinning  our  cops,  and  making  the  card cardrooms  rooms cardrooms  hum.  This  strike  of  ours,  coupled  with  our  obstinacy,  is  quite  a  God-send  to  them,  say  the  manufac manufacturers.  turers. manufacturers.  They  don't  want  you  just  now,  they  say;  but  they  will  in  a  little  bit.  But  it's  my  opinion  they  want  you  now.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  have  had  some  rather  curious  things  told  me  this  week.  I  have  been  informed  that  a  certain  draper  in  Preston,  who  buys  his  bleached  cotton  at  a  certain  mill  in  this  town,  went  to  procure  a  fresh  supply  from  the  proprietor  of  that  mill.  His  mill,  however,  hai  been  standing  for  seven  weeks,  and  the  consequence  was  that  he  could  not  supply  the  draper  with  the  goods  he  re required.  quired. required.  The  draper  said,  I  am  very  sorry  you  cannot  supply  me;  I  think,  after  all,  you've  done  a  bad  job  for  (Hear,  hear.)  The  manufacturer  replied  that  they  were  aware  they  had  done  so,  but  that  they  had  got  in  the  midst  of  it  and  they  could  not  get  out  of  it.  (Laughter  and  cheers.)  said  the  draper,  I  shall  be  obliged  to  seek  elsewhere  for  what  I  want,  and  if  I  get  well  suited  you  can't  expect  rue  to  come  back  to  you  in  a  (Cheers.)  You  may  depend  upon  it,  that  whatever  people  say  about  the  affair,  it  is  Just  touching  these  fellows  in  their  pockets  as  much  as  it  is  pinching  you  in  your  bellies.  (Hear,  hear.)  Suppose  we  just  take  a  retrospective  view  of  the  year  1847,  when  nearly  all  the  mills  through throughout  out throughout  the  manufacturing  districts  were  closed  against  the  operatives.  And  for  what?  At  that  period,  you  know  there  was  a  commercial  panic,  and  the  people  had  to  suffer  the  consequences  of  that  panic.  Soup  kitchens  were  erected  in  the  manufacturing  towns,  and  money  was  sub subscribed  scribed subscribed  in  order  to  make  soup  for  you.  And,  as  good  John  Mitchell  said,  when  addressing  the  Irish  When  I  saw  the  Irish  people  supping  soup  with  chained  spoons,  I  thou  ght  there  was  something  radically  wrong,  and  .  that  it  was  time  for  somebody  to  step  forward  and  stop  a  system  of  that  Well,  looking  back  to  1847,  and  remem remembering  bering remembering  the  degradation,  the  privation,  the  misery,  the  wretchedness  then  endured,  by  the  bulk  of  the  working  classes;  contrasting  your  condition  then  with  your  condition  at  the  present  time,  it  seems  somewhat  strange  that  the  press  should  now  be  so  much  more  profuse  in  its  lamentation  or  your  behalf  than  it  was  on  the  former  occasion.  But  in  1847,  weavers  were  not  in  receipt  of  4s.  per  head,  and  spinners,  of  75.,  as  they  were  now.  Judging  from  some  of  the  articles  that  appear,  you  would  fancy  that  the  operatives  of  Preston  were  now  re reduced  duced reduced  to  a  race  of  skeletons.  (Laughter).  Preston  is  not  reduced  to  that  state  of  starvation.  I  visited  a  family  last  night  and  inquired  their  position.  They  said  they  had  never  wanted  a  halfpenny  yet,  they  had  never  wanted  a  meal's  meat  ;  they  had  always  had  a  bit  of  something,  though  it  might  not  be  so  rich  ;  and  all  they  were  terrified  about  was,  that  they  should  ;have  to  resume  work  before  gas  was  done  away  with.  (Hear,  and  cheers.)  The  speaker  here  briefly  alluded  to  the  fact  that  not  more  than  200  applications  for  employment  had  been  made  at  all  the  mills  in  the  town.  These,  he  said,  included  fire-beaters,  mechanics,  sweepers,  an  d  o  th  ers  w  h  o  not  beino'  interested  in  this  dispute,  were  of  course  di  sposed  to  go  in.  Although  deputations  had  been  going  about  th  e  t  own  ,  prom  i  s  i  ng  half halfa-crown  a-crown halfa-crown  a-head,  and  in  some  i  ns  t  ances  a  mess  of  b  roth  along  with  it,—notwithstanding  this,  they  had  not  been  able  to  induce  more  than  200  to  register  their  names.  (Cheers.)  Ignorant  populations,  (said  the  Times)  are  always  on  the  brink  of  That  was  the  truest  sen sentence  tence sentence  the  Times  ever  wrote.  Wherever  you  find  an  ignorant  class  (remarked  the  speaker)  you  will  always  find  them  of  wood  and  drawers  of  You  will  always  find  men  of  wealth  taking  advantage  of  them—grinding  them  down  to  the  very  dust.  Before  this  strike  commenced  nine-tenths  of  the  factory  operatives  of  Prestoon  were  a  week  worse  than  It  may  be  asked  how  I  can  prove  that.  Go  to  the  trust-shop  ledgers  —go  to  the  pawn pawnshops,  shops, pawnshops,  and  you  found  them  literally  crammed  before  the  strike  commenced.  Go  to  these  places,  and  then  let  me  ask  if  the  working  classes  have  anything  to  lose  ?  There  are  four  prevalent  evils,  and  would  to  God  they  were  abolished,  I  mean  (dealing  with  packmen,)  drinking,  and  (taking  credit).  After  somestrictures  on  an  article  in  to-day's  Times,  Mr.  Cowell  thus  concluded  :  Are  you  tired  of  playing  yet  ?  (Cries  of  All  you  who  are  wishful  to  play  until  the  masters  give  you  a  full  and  fair  ten  per  cent  hold  up  your  hands.  (The  entire  crowd  responded.)  Mr.  GALLAHER  informed  his  hearers  that  they  might  anticipate  roast  goose  or  something  of  that  kind  for  their  Christmas  dinner,  inasmuch  as  some  of  the  districts  were  reserving  special  funds  to  send  to  Preston  on  that  occasion.  He  exhorted  them  to  be  firm,  and  to  say  to  the  manufac manufacturers  turers manufacturers  :  A  ten  per  cent,  and  no  surrender,  And  then  to  you  our  thanks  we'll  (Laughter  and  cheers.)  Mr.  GRIMSHAW  announced  that  he  had  visited  Sheffield,  and  the  first  place  he  went  to  they  granted  him  £5O  for  the  Preston  Mr.  WADDING  and  Mr.  WALTON  having  addressed  the  meeting,  the  proceedings  closed  with  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman.  There  were  no  less  than  two  cases  of  pocket  picking  de detected  tected detected  in  the  Roman  Catholic  chapel,  Seel-street,  yesterday.  On  Saturday  evening,  the  body  of  a  female  child  was  found  in  Disley-street.  EAST  INDIA  COLLEGE.—The  examination  took  place  on  Friday  last.  The  church  of  Moretonhampstead,  Devon,  is  to  be  fur furnished  nished furnished  with  an  organ  ;  th  e  l  a  t  e  M  r  .  Ponsford,  an  old  inha inhabitant,  bitant, inhabitant,  having  .  by  his  will  left  funds  for  its  purchase.  Mr.  Frederick  Glennie,  resident  at  Mexico,  is  appointed  to  discharge  the  duties  of  her  Britannic  Majesty's  Consul  in  that  city.  STREET  SWEEPINGS.—In  a  case  prosecuted  by  the  parish  authorities  of  Southwark  on  Saturday  last,  it  was  sworn  that  street  sweepings  acted  as  a  deodoriser.  MR.  FERGUS  O'CONNOR.—On  Saturday  an  order  !was  made  by  the  lord  chancellor  appointing  the  official  manager  to  sign  conveyances  in  the  matter  of  the  O'Connorville  state.  THE  GLASGOW  BRIDGES.  —The  people  of  Glasgow—a  committee  acting  on  their  behalf—  have  proposed  a  bill  to  establish  the  pontages  o  r  p  a  yments  on  their  bridges.  ;  3 STYLE=superscript  1  , STYLE=superscript  s  will  still  be  payable  on  the  suspension  bridge.  .IACCIDENT.—Rosanna  Brown,  residing  in  Cotton-street,was  knocked  down  by  a  man  in  Newhill-street,  and  sustained  a  .racture  of  the  arm.  The  above  case  was  received  at  the  Qouthend  Hospital.  _  _  _  The  Queen  has  conferred  the  honour  of  knightood  on  ieut.-Col.  Archibald  Bogle,  of  the  East  India  ;Company's  Service,  Bengal  Establishment,  Civil  Commissioner  in  the  Tenasserim  and  Martaban  provinces.  WEEKLY  RECORD  or  CIioLERA.--The  disease  during  the  past  week  has,  in  the  provinces,  continued  to  produce  about  the  same  mortality  as  has  been  recorded  during  the  past  fort fortnight.  night. fortnight.  Scotland  is  still  the  seat  of  pestilence,  and  new  cases  have  occurred  in  several  fresh  localities  during  the  week.  In  the  case  of  Mr.  Temple,  Q..  C.,  and  chancellor  of  Durham,  the  court  of  chancery  has  decided  that  he  is  entitled  to  the  fee  of  £lOO  per  annum  formerly  paid  that  officer  by  the  bishops  of  Durham,  but  which  the  recent  legislation  has  interfered  with.  ACCIDENT  IN  WEST  DERBY-ROAD.—Last  night  an  acci accident,  dent, accident,  which  might  have  been  attended  with  serious  conse consequences,  quences, consequences,  occurred  in  West  Derby-road,  near  the  Zoological  Gardens.  A  whitechapel  coming  from  the  direction  of  West  Derby  ran  against  a  hackney  coach  with  such  violence  as  to  completely  overturn  the  former,  and  precipitate  the  passengers  to  the  ground,  one  of  whom  was  seriously  injured.  The  announcement  in  the  Monileur  yesterday,  of  a  proto protocol  col protocol  having  been  signed  at  Vienna  ,  on  the  sth  inst.,  by  th  e  representatives  of  France,  England,  Austria,  and  Prussia,  excited  considerable  attention  in  Paris,  and  the  funds  ad advanced  vanced advanced  in  consequence,  notwithstanding  great  doubts  exist  as  to  any  beneficial  results  arising  out  of  the  in  question.  SUDDEN  DEATH.---An  inquest  was  held  at  the  Royal  Infirmary,  on  Saturday,  by  Edward  Herford,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  city  of  Manchester,  touching  the  death  of  Thomas  Archer,  of  Albert-street,  ostler,  aged  53  years.  Matthew  Meadows,  of  Albert-street,  ostler,  stated  that  he  lodged  at  the  Menai  Bridge  beer  house,  and  that  the  deceased  had  lodged  there  about  three  years.  On  the  previous  morning,  about  two  o'clock,  he  heard  the  deceased  coughing,  and  at  five  o'clock,  when  he  got  up,  he  found  that  he  was  quite  dead  and  cold.  The  deceased  had  had  an  asthmatic  com complaint  plaint complaint  for  many  years,  and  had  been  worse  lately,  but  he  would  never  have  a  doctor.  He  had  no  friends  or  relations  there.  Verdict,  died  from  natural  causes.  SUDDEN  AND  SINGULAR  DEATH.—On  Saturday  fore forenoon  noon forenoon  an  inquest  was  held  by  Mr.  Herford,  coroner  for  the  city  of  Manchester,  touching  the  death  of  George  Thornton,  11  years  of  age.  It  appeared  that  the  deceased  was  stand standing  ing standing  in  the  shop  of  his  father,  a  hairdresser  in  Clifford-street,  whilst  a  man  who  was  waiting  to  be  operated  upon,  was  describing  a  severe  cut  he  has  received  in  his  lip,  which  caused  effusion  of  blood,  and  had  to  be  sewed  up  by  a  surgeon.  The  man  had  only  got  thus  for  in  his  narrative  when  the  boy  fainted  and  falling  upon  the  fire-place  pulled  over  upon  himself  a  vessel  full  of  boiling►  water,  from  the  effects  of  which  he  was  so  severely  scalded  that  his  death  was  the  consequence.  He  had  never  had  fits,  but  his  father  stated  that  he  was  a  boy  of  tender  feelings,  and  the  narra narrative  tive narrative  of  the  person  in  the  shop  seems  to  have  upset  him.  Verdict,  accidental  death.  Police-officer  176  stated  the  prisoner  was  the  previous  night  given  in  charge  for  stealing  a  pistol,  and  when  appre apprehended,  hended, apprehended,  he  abused  the  officer  and  injured  his  finger.  It  appeared  the  defendant  entered  the  gallery  when  in  a  state  of  intoxication.  and  quarrelled  with  the  keeper,  who  ordered  him  out,  when  he  took  away  the  pistol,  which,  upon  being  overtaken,  magistrate  over  take  orderednheda  damaged  it.  to  it. STYLE=superscript  The  pay  18s.  for  damaging  the  pistol,  and  costs,  or  in  default  of  payment,  to  be  imprisoned  for  on  month.  ALLEGED  ROBBERY  BY  A  SOLDIER.—  Thomas  Griffiths,  a  soldier  belonging  to  the  82d  regiment,  was  charged  with  stealing  275.,  the  property  of  a  butter-dealer,  named  Peter  Field,  livinc  , STYLE=superscript  in  Cheshire.  The  previous  evening  the  com complainant  plainant complainant  met  the  defendant,  and  asked  him  to  go  and  have  a  drink  with  him,  which  he  did,  and  when  the  complainant  had  got  pretty  forward,  he  pulled  out  his  money  (about  £l3),  and  counted  it  upon  the  table  of  the  public-house.  He  stated  the  soldier  took  up  275.,  and  refused  to  return  it.  It  appearing  that  the  complainant  was  in  such  a  state  of  drunkenness,  that  he  did  not  know  what  he  was  about,  or  what  money  he  had  in  his  possession,  the  magistrates  dis discharged  charged discharged  the  defendant,  telling  the  complainant  that  if  he  had  lost  any  money,  he  had  brought  it  upon  himself,  by  getting  into  such  a  state  of  intoxication,  and  keeping  such  company._  •  _  Docx  ROBBERY.—Christopher  Thomas  was  charged  by  police-officer  493,  with  stealing  a  piece  of  copper  from  the  Clarence  graving-dock.  The  Magistrate  :  Have  you  found  an  owner  for  the  copper  ?  .  Police-officer  :  No  sir,  we  never  can  get  the  people  to  swear  to  their  property.  The  boy  was  consequently  discharged,  with  a  caution.  OBTAINING  GOODS  BY  FORGED  ORDERS.  —The  man  Lyon,  who  was  remanded  on  Thursday  last,  was  again  brought  forward,  and  several  charges  were  preferred  against  him,  all  of  a  similar  character.  Ills  method  of  proceedure  was,  to  write  an  order,  purporting  to  come  from  some  person  in  the  country,  requesting  to  have  so  much  flour  or  bread  for  warded  to  him;  for  which  he  would  pay,  on  his  coming  to  town  on  the  following  Saturday.  These  orders  he  pre presented  sented presented  himself,  and  obtained  the  goods.  There  were  only  three  charges  entered  into.  That  for  obtaining  goods  of  M.  Allison,  Richmond-row,  by  an  order  purporting  to  come  from  Mr.  Chamberlain,  farmer,  Kirby;  Mr.  Reynolds,  Scotland-road,  and  Mr.  Jackson.  These  charges  having  been  clearly  substantiated,  the  prisoner  was  coinmitted  for  trial.  PICKING  PocxErs.  —Two  prostitutes  were  committed  for  14  days  imprisonm.nt,  on  a  charge,  clearly  proved,  of  picking  the  pockets  of  a  sailor,  who  was  about  to  accompany  them  home.  SUSPICIOUS  CHARACTERS.  —Margaret  Crews,  Ellen  Mat Matthews,  thews, Matthews,  Charles  11  7 STYLE=superscript  .;rren,  and  John  Crews,  were  charged  by  inspector  Russell,  of  the  detective  force,  with  being  in  com company  pany company  together,  for  the  purpose  of  picking  pockets.  The  inspector  stated  he  had  followed  the  prisoners  from  Lord Lordstreet  street Lordstreet  to  Duke-street,  when  he  saw  the  female,  Crews,  go  up  to  a  person  very  drunk,  but  being  by  the  others,  he  could  not  see  .vhat  she  did.  Tie  went  up  to  the  man  after  they  left  1,...u1  and  he  said  he  had  been  robbed  of  £1  65.,  but  being  so  drunk,  the  officer  did  not  take  his  name.  Afier  that,  he  again  saw  the  prisoners  together,  and  apprehended  them.  The  two  Crews  were  known  to  the  police,  but  it  having  been  some  time  since  th  e  y  were  n  they,  with  the  others,  wer  e  di  sc  h  arge  d,  w  ith  a  caution  not  to  be  seen  together  any  more.  CAUTION  TO  PAWNBROKERS.—  Catherine  Magrath,  and  three  other  prostitues,  were  charged  with  stealing  a  jacket,  from  a  sailor.  The  sailor,  it  appeared  came  into  this  port  on  the  previous  day,  and  upon  his  leaving  the  ship  he  met  the  prisoner,  whom  he  told  he  had  no  money,  but  she  con consented  sented consented  to  his  going  home  with  her,  which  he  did.  The  following  morning  he  missed  his  jacket,  but  was  provided  witL  one  while  he  went  for  some  money.  On  his  return  he  paid  55.,  and  was  then  presented  with  the  duplicate  of  his  j  a  eket.  The  magistrate  dismissed  the  case,  but  directed  the  pawnbroker  to  deliver  the  jacket  up  to  the  complainant,  and  censured  the  pawnbroker  for  taking  such  things  in  pledge  from  common  prostitutes—as  they  only,  by  so  doing,  gave  them  encouragement  and  assistance  in  robbing  poor  fellows.  Several  females  were  in  attendance  to  affiliate  their  chih chihdren,  dren, chihdren,  but  as  such  cases  are  neither  amusing  or  of  the  slightest  public  interest,  we  refrain  from  publishing  them.  FIRE  AND  Loss  or  LIFE.—On  Saturday,  a  fire  occurred  in  London,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Grafton-street  and  Fitz Fitzroy-square,  roy-square, Fitzroy-square,  upon  the  premises  of  a  baker,  named  Musterd.  A  man  lodging  on  the  second  floor  was  prostrated  by  the  body  of  the  flame,  and  being  unable  to  extricate  himself  was  in  the  course  of  a  few  minutes  burned  literally  to  a  cinder.  Another  man  was  also  forced  down  by  the  heated  air,  when  the  flames  seized  upon  his  body  and  burned  him  in  such  a  shocking  manner,  that  he  was  obliged  to  be  removed  to  the  hospital,  where  he  at  present  remains  without  the  least  chance  of  recovery.  The  origin  of  the  melancholy  catastrophe  is  en enveloped  veloped enveloped  in  obscuaity.  About  3  o'clock  p.m.,  on  the  6th  instant,  a  female  carrying  a  child  in  her  arms,  was  met  at  Knotty-ash,  West  Derby;  Sergeant  Bundle  of  the  county  police,  who  was  then  passing  looked  at  the  child  and  judging  it  had  not  long  to  live,  went  with  the  m  o  th  er  an  d  child  immediately  to  the  surgery  of  Mr.  Fitzpatrick,  who  happened  to  be  in,  but  while  the  surgeon  was  looking  at  it,  it  died  in  its  mothers  arms.  The  police  officer  then  brought  both  to  the  police  station,  where  the  body  remained  until  the  inquest  which  was  held  on  the  Bth  instant,  before  W.  W.  Dri.neld,  Esq.,  deputy  coroner,  when  a  verdict  of  died  of  concussion  was  returned.  The  coroner  and  jury  expressed  themselves  in  every  respect  highly  satisfied  with  the  discretion  and  humanity  mani manifested  fested manifested  by  the  police  sergeant."
