text
"CANADA  By  the  arrival  of  the  Canada,  we  have  advices  from  Montreal,  Quebec,  and  other  Canadian  ports  to  the  24th  ult.  _  .  The  Toronto  Globe  states  that  the  steamer  Fairy  Queen  was  lost  on  the  night  of  the  7th  ult.,  between  Picton  Island  and  the  land,  Two  passengers,  eight  of  the  crew,  and  all  the  officers  saved  them themselves,  selves, themselves,  but  left  eleven  passengers  to  their  fate.  The  captain  and  crew  had  been  arrested,  to  await  the  result  of  an  investigation.  CANADIAN  MAIL  STEAMERS.—The  Quebec  Mevcury  —The  following  is  an  extract  from  a  letter  re received  ceived received  by  Messrs.  Gillespie  and  Co.,  from  Messrs.  McKean,  M`Larty  and  Co.,  dated  at  Liverpool,  30th  September.  have  hitherto,  notwithstanding  every  'ort,  been  unable  to  secure  a  steamer  from  hence  Canada  next  month,  although  in  our  endeavors  procure  a  vessel,  we  have  made  large  offers,  not  .aking  money  an  object,  but  the  prejudice  of  steamboat  proprietors,  against  the  navigation  of  the  St,  Lawrence  at  this  advanced  season,  is  so  great  that  we  cannot  overcome  it,  and  our  only  hope,  at  present,  is  the  possibility  of  the  Cleopatra's  '  ar arrival,  rival, arrival,  sufficiently  early  to  enable  us  to  send  her  out  in  October.  eff  to  to  '•  The  monthly  service,  however,  to  Portland,  dur during  ing during  the  winter  will  be  regularly  It  appears  from  a  return  -which  had  just  been  published  that  the  customs  duties  collected  at  the  port  of  Toronto,  during  the  quarter  just  closed;  ex exceeded,  ceeded, exceeded,  by  £20,000,  those  of  the  corresponding  quarter  last  year.  During  the  first  three  quarters  of  the  year,  the  increase  had  been  about  .R  34,000,  gild  if,  during  the  last  quarter,  the  same  ratio  con continues,  tinues, continues,  the  advance  of  the  whole  year  will  be  about  50  per  cent.,  showing  an  enormous  enlargement  of  imports.  The  steamship  Sarah  Sands  arrived  in  Mon Montreal  treal Montreal  on  the  21st  ult.  The  Montreal  Herald  of  the  24th  ult.,  says  of  her  She  is  a  larger  vessel  than  we  had  expected  to  find  her,  and  has  four  masts.  Her  steam  power  is,  evidently,  altogether  dispro disproportionate  portionate disproportionate  to  her  burden,  and,  unless  supplied  with  new  engines,  she  is  entirely  unsuited  for  our  mail  line  of  ocean  The  Ottawa  Citizen  says  that  several  gentlemen  have  it  in  contemplation  to  establish  a  new  bank  at  Bytown.  It  is  stated  that  the  business  of  that  section  of  the  country  has  so  much  increased  of  late,  that  an  establishment  of  the  kind  is  absolutely  necessary-  _  DISASTROUS  ACCIDENT  AT  SEA.—The  Quebec  Mer Mercury  cury Mercury  of  the  20  ult.,  says  :—Captain  Willis  of  the  Sta Stadacona,  dacona, Stadacona,  just  arrived  at  Quebec,  reports  that  at  night,  on  the  14th  Sept.,  in  24  deg.  30,  he  was  alarmed  by  hearing  voices  close  alongside  his  ship,  in  a  heavy  gale  of  wind.  On  looking  put  he  saw  some  sort  of  large  vessel  ;  but  shortly  missed  her.  He,  however,  hove  to  and  hoisted  lights.  Next  morning  he  again  saw  the  vessel,  which  turned  out  to  be  the  Brig  Brown,  of  Sunderland,  dismasted,  water  logged,  and  with  her  boat  disabled.  Not Notwithstanding  withstanding Notwithstanding  the  violence  of  the  weather,  Capt.  Willis  sent  his  boat  on  board  the  Brown,  from  which  he  thus  succeeded  in  rescuing  the  master,  mate,  and  five  men.  They  had  eaten  .  nothing  since  the  10th  of  September  ;  nor  drank  anything  but  rain  water.  It  appeared  from  the  statement  of  the  master,  (Captain  Reid)  that  he  was  caught  in  a  hurricane  on  the  10th  instant,  and  that  at  one  -the  next  morning  his  vessel  capsized.  The  crew,  how however,  ever, however,  succeeded  in  cutting  away  the  main  mast,  and  so  righting  her.  In  this  state,  full  of  water,  she  remained  till-fallen  in  with  by  the  Sta Stadacona.  dacona. Stadacona.  _  .  By  the  American  steamship  Atlantic  we  are  this  morning  in  receipt  of  a  file  of  a  new  and  useful  paper  entitled  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  pub published  lished published  at  Liverpool,  by  Charles  Willmer,  which  the  proprietor  sends  out  to  Canada  and  the  States  by  every  steamship  that  may  leave  that  port.  It  con contains  tains contains  the  latest  intelligence,  besides  a  considerable  amount  of  shipping  news,  and  is  published  at  a  lower  price  than  the  European  Times.—Quebeo  Mer Mercury.  cury. Mercury."
