text
"CHESHIRE  COUNTY,SESSIONS.-YESTERDAY  THE  ALLEGED  FRAUD  BY  A  WALLASEY  C9IIO.IISSIONER.  ,  s  it  the  county  sessions,  Chester,  yesterday,  ticaffrii,  Esq.,  the  chairman,  a  true  bill  v  grarhjury,  against  Mr,  'William  Callow,  on6-of  th  Trafford  fottml  by  the  Wallasey  Ilion,  of  commissioners,  rr  of  defrau  , STYLE=superscript  .lin;7  Mr.  M'K  liisPcaid  ;  in  - STYLE=superscript  reference  to  ' STYLE=superscript  sonte  hay  trans'  actions  indictment  had  been  . STYLE=superscript  Preferred  against  the  prisoner,  at  the  last  Kuntsfnrd  quarter  sessions,  by  James  C.  Ewart,  on  which  ,  a  true  bill  was  _also  found.  -  Qu'the  case  being.  called  on  yesterday  morning,  at  the  sitting  of  the  court,  Mr.  Morgan  Lloyd  (instructed  by  Mr..  Bretherton,  solicitor),  who  •  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  prisoner,•tninfe  ttn  application  for  the  postprinement  of  the  trial  until  the  next  sessions,  grounded  on  the  affidavit  of  the  medical  attendant‘of  the  stated  that  the  defendant  had  been  suffering  from  inflamation  of  the!chest,  and  pleurisy,  and  was  then  seriously  ill,  and  that  to  remove  him  to  Chester  would  endanger  his  life.  Mr.  Bbvan;  on  behalf  of  the  prosecution,  could  offer  no  opposition  to  the  postponement  of  the  trial  after  the  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  detailed,  but'  he  urged  that  the  bail  .einght  to  he  enlarged,  on  the  ground  that  since  his  committal  for  trial,  and  being  admitted  to  bail,  the  defendant  had  disposed  of  his  stock  and  other  effects,  and  was  now  in  lodgings  i  n  Li  verpoo  l  ,  an  d  that  consequently  the  prosecution  had  not  the  same  security  in  reference  to  the  hail  as  they  had  at  the  time  the-defendant  was  committed  for  trial.  Mr:  M.  Lloyd  contra  submitted  -t  the  securities,  which  amounted  to  £l,OOO  20,  were  amply  sufficient.  The  CI  ught  th  xisting  hail  sufficient,  but  Mr.  Br  involviny  1'  a  case  lairman  also  Itisfied  with  one  of  the  bail  is  called  and  examined  by  ti  Mr.  Johnson.  M  learned  counsel  as  I  the  amount  of  his  property,  after  which  the  * STYLE=superscript  chairman  decid  that  the  existing  hail  was  sufficient,  and  ordered  it  to  renewed.  ,A.  third  indictment  was  also  preferred  against  prisoner,  and  a  true  hill  found,  THE  LIVERPOOL  UNITED  LEGAL  FRIENDLY  BURIAL  SOCIETY.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OP  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIM  Sir,--I  hope  the  account  of  the  Meeting  of  the  above  society,  whicl  - STYLE=superscript  :  appeared  in  your  valuable  journal  on  S  itnr itnrday  day itnrday  last,  truthful  and  graphic  as  it  was,  so  far  as  it  went,  will  have  the  effect  of  attracting  the  attention  :of  the  mem members,  bers, members,  generally,  and  also  of  the  public,  to  the  doings  of  the  officers  of  that  society,  and  as  your  report  necessarily  fell  short  of  the  proceedings,  after  the  expulsion  of  the  reporters,  permit;me  to  supply  a  short  narrative  of  what  follo  wed.  .  •  The  President,  Mr.  Moses  Cullen,  having  accomplished  the  expulsion  of  the  press,  next  attacked  Mr._Shepherd,  stationer,  Scotland-road,  stating  that  that  gentl  eman  came  to  the  meeting  for  the  purpose  of  interrupting  the  proceed proceedings.  ings. proceedings.  :Mr.  Shepherd  denied  the  soft  impeachment,  where whereupon,  upon, whereupon,  !the  president  •  announced  that  he  would  then  proceed  to  business,  and  that  after  the  proceedings  had  been  confirmed,  and  the  balance-sheet  passed,  each  member  would  be  allowed  five  minutes  to  address  the  meeting.  The  President  concluded  by  calling  on  the  secretary  to  read  the  balance  sheet  and  general  statement,  which  he  did,  but,  from  the  masses  of  figures,  and  the  rapidity  with  which  he  read  them  out,  it  was  im impossible.  possible. impossible.  -  nosschle  to  catch  more  than  an  odd  fact.  .I  understood  him  tosay  ;  the  society  consisted  of  up  war  d  s  o  f  50  .  0  00  members,  that  their  money  in  bank  was  nearly  Xll.OOO  ;  that  there  was  some  money  owing  by  somebody  to  the  society,  and  that  their  affairs  were  altogether  in  a  flourishing  condition.  The  tuditers  were  next  called  on,  and  Mir.  Michael  Murphy,  as  one  of  them,  stated  that  he  refused  to  sign  the  balance  sheet  in  consequence  of  the  committee  having  voted  away  £2,320  some  odd  shillings  to  the  officers  and  collectors,  which  Vote  he  considered  to  be  illegal.  Mr.  lames  Boal,  the  other  auditor,  said  he  likewise  had  refused  to  sign  for  the  same  ream.  The  President  then  called  on  the  meeting  to  pass  the  balance  kheet.  Mr.  Shepherd  attempted  to  propose  an  amend amendment,  ment, amendment,  which  was  hailed  with  applause,  and  loud  shouts  for  Ntr.  Shdpherd  to  go  upon  the  platform.  In  obedience  to  the  call  that  gentleman  ascended,  but  scarcely  had  obtained  a  standing  when  he  was  seized  from  behind  by  the  President,  who  attempted  to  hurl  him  to  the  floor.  A  rush  to  the  platform,  and  a  general  melee  ensued  ;  one  gentleman  received  the  contents  of  a  water  jug  in  the  face,  which,  being  a  teetotaller,  ho  considered  as  a  dubious  com compliment;  pliment; compliment;  another  fared  still  worse  by  the  descent  of  the  jug  itself  on  his  crown,  causing  him  to  see  more  lights  than  were  actually  present.  The  scene  for  some  time  baffled  description,  till  at  length  the  police  arrived,  and  comparative  quiet  was  restored.  The  President  declared  the  balance-sheet  passed,  amidst  a  storm  of  cries  to  the  contrary  ;  and  bari  ng  gone  th  roug  h  the  mockery  of  electing.  officers,  &amp;c  ,  while  no  one  heard  a  word  of  what  was  said  by  any  body  else,  at  last  he  retired  amidst  a  perfect  hurricane  of  hisses,  groans,  and  yells.  Mr.  Sinyth,  having  obtained  a  hearing,  said  that  being  a  member  I STYLE=superscript  pf  the  society,  he  had  its  interests  at  heart  as  much  as  any  person  belonging  to  it;  but  when  he  found  thg  annual  general  meeting  of  a  society  numb-ring  over  50,000  contribut  , STYLE=superscript  rs,  callel  in  a  room  not  capable  of  oontaining  140  persons,  he  came  to  the  conclusion  that  there  must  be  something  in  the  management  of  the  society's  business  which  would  not  bear  investigationi.  After  dome  few  remarks  from  Mr.  Shepherd  on  the  ma  1-  ~e STYLE=superscript  r  in  which  the  business  of  the  meeting  had  been  con  -  ducted,  the  meeting  broke  up,  cheering  loudly  for  Mr.  Shepherd,  and  applying  sundry  epithets  to  the  officers  of  the  society,  more  expressive  than  complimentary.  II  ping  that  you  will  think  this  communication  worthy  f  an  early  place  in  your  talented  and  independent  pane'  -ne  move  will  1-  ,  as&amp;  by  the  members  t  proceeiinzs,  I  be:'  t  MENEM  n  oath  Itatement  I.  have  made  THE  KING  0  Sannitilk.—We  (Bell's  _We)  believe  that  previously  to  the  departure  of  the  King  of  Sardinia  from  Windsor  her  Majesty  was  graciously  pleased  to  present  the  King  viithl  one  of  the  finest  and  mos  t  va  l  ua  bl  e  t  h  orough  bredmares  in  the  royal  stud  at  Hampton  Court,  viz.,  the  Flea.  IRISH  ENTERPRISE..—The  Dublin  Mercantile  Advertiser  zayi  :  We  have  learned  with  much  satisfaction  that  Mr.  Michael  Sinith,  of  Copper  alley,  has  entered  into  a  contract  ,  •  ~  ....  ..-----  with.the  government'  of  his  Imperial  Majesty..  Napoleon,  for  the  supply  of  several  hundred  tierces  of  Irish  beef,  to  be  delivered  at  the  ports  of  Brest  or  Cherbourg,  within  a  definite  period.  This  event  is  a  novel  one  in  the  com commercial  mercial commercial  history  of  our  DESTRUpTIVB  PlM—Paring  Thursday  night.the  ancient  baronial  castle  of  Halton;  four  miles  west  of  Sunderland,  was  burned  down.  For  a  length  of  time  only  a  fete  persons  could  be  ccillected  to  use  endeavours  toextinguish  the  flames,  the  place  being  in  a  country  situation,  at  a  distance  from  any  town  or  village.  All  was  done  that  could  be  done  under  the  circumstances.  A  quantity  of  farming  stock  was  destroyed,  amongst  which  were  a  number  of  live  stock  of  various  kinds.  The  cause  of  the  fire  is  not  ascertained.  kBSCONIIINO  OF  THE  POSTMASTER  OF  NE -A NE painful  interest  has  been  excited  i  n  N  ewcast  l  e  by  the  absconding  of  Mr.  Charles  Headlam,  the  postmaster,  who  has  held  the  office  only  a  few  years.  It  has  been  ascertained  that  the  deficiency  in  Mr.  Headlam's  accounts  does  not  exceed  a  few  hundred  pounds.  The  amount  will  be  male  good  by  his  sureties,  so  that  the  public  will  suffer  no  loss.  The  discovery  was  made  on  the  appointment  of  a  new  surety  to  replace  one  who  had  given  notice  to  with withdraw,  draw, withdraw,  when  it  became  necessary,  to  square  the  accounts.  The  defaulting  postmaster  is  cousin  of  Mr.  Headlam,  M.P.  fir  Newcastle,  and  only  sun  of  Alderman  Dr.  Headlam,  a  gentleman  who  stands  aiothe  head  of  the  me  i  lical  profession  in  his  native  town,  and  is  deservedly  esteemed  by  all  classes  of  his  fellow  citizens.  ACCIDENT  TO  SIR  GEORGE  GREY.—We  are  sorry  to  learn  that  the  Right  Hon.  Sir  George  Grey  has  met  with  an  acci accident  dent accident  whilst  hunting.  On  Friday  he  attended  the  meeting  of  the  Old  ihrkshire  Hounds,  at  Buscott  park,  and  in'  the  midst  of  th?,  chase  the•right  hon.  baronet's  •horse  fell,  and  threw  Sir  George  with  great  force  on  his  right  'arm.  We  regret  to  sty  that  on  being  lifted  from_  the.  ground  it  was  found  that  the  right  - STYLE=superscript  lion.  - STYLE=superscript  baronet  had  sustained  a  serious.  injury  by  breaking  the  bone  of  his  right  arm  just  above  the  wrist.  He  was  instantly  conveyed  to  the;  Furl  of  Radnor's  seat,  when  medical  aid  was  soon  obtained,  and  the  broken  bone  set  with  very  trifling  delay.  Sir  George  Grey,  if  no  worse,  will  be  in  town  on  Thursday  next,  to  assist  in  the  deliberations  at  the  Cabinet  Council  to  be  held  that  day.  RUSSIAN  Letters  from  the  says  the  Salta  Public  of  Lyons,  often  spoken  of  the  , STYLE=superscript  nets  which  the  Russian  soldiers  used  in  their  sorties,  in  order  to  take  some  of  their  oppoultnts  prisoners.  A  Zonave,  lately  liberated  from  service,  who  has  resumed  his  former  occupa occupation  tion occupation  of  a  silk  weaver,  wishing  a  day  or-  two  back  to  give  his  comrades  in  the  workshop  an  example  of  the  mode  of  employing  these  articles,  one  of  which  he  had  brought  back  from  Sebasteliol,  threw  the  net  suddenly  over  another  workman  who  had  his  back-turned,  This  latter,  being  thus  suddenly  drawn  from  his  balance,  felt  heavily  on  the  floor  and  broke  his  leg.  The  consternation  of  the  others  can  scarcely  ha  imagined,  and,  above  all,  of  the  trier  of  military  experiments.  A  collection  was  immediately  made  for  the  injured  man,  and,  as  the  fracture  is  a  simple  one,  uo  further  ill  effects  than  a'period  of  forced  inaction  are  FATAL  CATASTROPHE.—An  accident  of  - STYLE=superscript  a  very  Inelan•  choly  character  occurred  on  Sunday  week,  at  the  fathous  cliffs  of  Kilkee,  on  the  western  coast  of  Clare.  The  sea  was  running  mountains  high,  and  dashing  with  fury  against  the  base  and  sides  of  the  cliffs,  on  the  brow  of  which  a  party  of  ladies  and  - STYLE=superscript  gentlemen  had  collected  to  enjoy  the  grandeur  of  the  scene.  Two  of  the  party,  a  Pepper  and  Miss  Smithwick,  both,  it  was  stated,  .  from  Tipperary,  rashly  ventured  chi:FA  to  lat,  •  cl.a  L.`  ...put ...puttheatre,  theatre, ...puttheatre,  and  while  endeavouring  to  approach  the  puffing  through  which  columns  of  water  rose  every  moment,  high  into  the  air,  they  were  swept  from  a  ledge  of  rock,  and  immediately  engulfed  in  the  boiling  surges.  They  vanished  in  a  moment  from  the  sight  of  their  companions  and  were  carried  into  the  ocean,  their  bodies  not  having  since  been  discovered..  It  was  said  that  the  unhapny  pair  were  to  have  been  married  immediately  after  the  Christ Christmas  mas Christmas  holidays,  and  that  the  gentleman  had  attained  the  rank  of  colonel  in  the  East  India  company's  service.  Greethani  „  TOTAL  yESTRUCTION  OF  STAINFIELD•HALL.—At  an  early  hour  On  - STYLE=superscript  Saturday  morning  last,  this  ancient  man mansion,  sion, mansion,  which  was  rsituate  about  eleven  miles  from  Lincoln;  was  discovered  to  be  on  fire.  It'  appears  that  the  occu occupier,  pier, occupier,  Thomas  Greetham,  Esq.,  was  awakened  about  two  o'clock  with  a  painful  sense  of  suffocation.  On  getting  out  of  bed  tp  light  his  lamp,  he  felt  the  fl,:or  hot  beneath  his  feet.  He  immediately  rang  his  bell  for  his  servant,  but  as  he  Was,  longer  than  usual  in  answering,  Mr.  Greetham  g'ave.alarm  to  all•the  inmates,  'and  it  was  found  that  the  chief  domestic  was  partially  suffocated.  On  descending,  the  lower  part  of  the  house  was  found  to  .be  a  mass  of  fire.  The  great  beams,  old  oak  panels,  and  carvings,  were  red  hot,  and  so  rapidly  did  the  flames  extend,  that,  all  the  inmates  had  no  t  timo  to  dress  them themselves.  selves. themselves.  Messengers  were  dispatched  to  Lincoln  for  the  fire  engines;  and  .they  arrived  between  four  and  five  Amy  o'clock,  by  Which  time  the  entire'  building  froth  top  to  ..row  of  bottom  was  in  flames.  Notwithstanding  the  efforts  of  the.  ~elected  to  firemen,  by  eleven  o'clock  on  Saturday  the  mansion  was  the  party,  a  cimpletely  gutted,  and  all  its  previous  contents  destroyed.  ,  it  was  stated,  It  was  found  impossible  to  save  anything  except  a  few  )wn  the  silo  of  the  deeds  and  priv  .  e  papers  of  importinee.  Mr.  Greetham  is  a  wealthy  farmer,  and  was  steward  :to  the  late  Colonel  Sibthorp,  M.P.,  as  well  as  to  other  gentlemen  oniplefe  _devastation  can  scarcely  be  imagined  A  more  ,  Mr.  son  arrived  in  Lincoln  partly  dressed,  not  being  able  to  s  ave  hi  s  c  l  o  th  es  .  Stainfield-hall  was  one  of  the  most  ancient  mansi  ons  i  n  occu  p  a  ti  on  i  n  the,  county  of  Lincoln.  It  was  built  during  the  reign  of,  Henry  VIII.,  at  the  breaking  up  of  Barling's  Priory,  distant  some  two  miles.  The  kitchen  contained  several  frescoes  and  panel  paintings  of  merit,  as  well  as  armoury.  Mr.  Greetham  was  insured  to  some  extent  in  the  County  Fire  Office."
