text
"FIRES  IN  AMERICA.  GREAT  DESTRUCTION  OF  PROPERTY.  The  following  letter,  giving  an  account  of  a  most  destruc destructive  tive destructive  fire,  at  Green  Bay,  Wisconsin,  on  the  Ist  instant,  we  find  in  the  Milwaukie  Morning  News  :  About  three  o'clock  this  morning  an  alarm  of  fire  aroused  the  citizens  of  this  village  from  their  slumbers.  The  wind  was  blowing  violently,  and  in  a  direction  to  favor  the  flames.  A  fire  was  discovered  in  a  wooden  building  in  the  rear  of  Mr.  Harriman's  store.  From  this  it  spread  with  astonish astonishing  ing astonishing  rapidity  until  nearly  twenty-five  large  wooden  buildings  were  reduced  to  ashes.  By  far  the  finest  portion  of  the  village  of  Green  Bay  is  in  ruins,  and  now  presents  a  scene  of  wide-spread  desolation.  The  lowest  estimate  that  can  be  put  on  the  property  thus  in  an  instant  swept  away,  is  $lOO,OOO,  besides  the  inconve inconvenience  nience inconvenience  and  trouble  that  will  necessarily  result  from  so  disas disastrous  trous disastrous  a  conflagration.  At  this  moment  it  is  impossible  to  give  full  particulars  of  all  the  losses,  or  to  name  all  who  have  suffered.  Among  the  principal  ones  are  the  following  :  Whitney's  large  warehouse  filled  with  merchandise,  flour,  salt,  provisions,  and  various  other  valuable  articles,  is  burnt  ;  but  a  small  part  of  what  it  contained  is  saved.  The  loss  is  not  known,  but  it  must  have  been  great.  Daniel  H.  Whit Whitney  ney Whitney  estimates  his  loss  at  $lO,OOO,  while  his  father's,  Daniel  Whitney,  must  have  been  much  greater,  as  all  his  papers,  books,  notes,  deeds,  mortgages,  &amp;c.,  were  burnt.  William  Colburn  had  just  received  and  opened  his  large  stocks  of  fall  and  winter  goods.  All  were  destroyed.  His  loss  is  from  $12,000  to  $15,000.  No  insurance.  D,  Butler  lost  his  entire  stock  of  new  goods.  He  was  insured  $26,000.  His  loss  is  about  $9,000.  Mr.  Follett's  book  store  was  an  entire  loss—not  a  thing  saved.  Insured  $l,OOO,  loss  $15,000.  The  office  of  the  Green  Bay  Advocate  was  burned.  All  the  presses,  type  and  material  of  every  description  were  de destroyed.  stroyed. destroyed.  The  safe  alone,  containing  the  subscriptions  and  account-books,  was  pitched  out  of  the  windows  and  saved.  Insured  $7OOO,  loss  $1,500  to  $2,000.  S.  H.  Marshall  had  a  heavy  stock  of  fall  and  winter  goods  in  his  store.  Hardly  anything  was  got  out.  He  had  only  $1,500  insurance.  His  loss  is  not  less  than  $4,000.  Most  of  his  fine  stock  of  groceries  were  unopened,  but  all  was  consumed.  The  drug  store  of  Gen.  A.  H.  Green  was  an  entire  loss,  and  without  insurance.  Mr.  Green  was  sleeping  in  his  store  but  he  had  only  time  to  escape  with  barely  sufficient  clothing,  to  cover  his  body.  Four  hundred  dollars  in  cash,  principally  in  bills,  were  burnt.  His  loss  is  over  $4,000.  Mr.  R.  P.  Herrman  had  just  put  in  his  store  two  thou.  sand  dollars  worth  of  groceries,  provisions,  &amp;c.  All  was  destroyed,  with  no  insurance.  He  was  making  preparationi  to  supply  his  lumbermen,  but  all  is  lost.  The  grocery  and  provision  store  of  Mr.  U.  Mitchell  was  burned.  He  loses  $4,000,  with  no  insurance.  The  large  storehouse  of  Mr.  A.  A.  Smally,  together  with  other  valuable  property  connected  with  it,  was  destroyed.  His  loss  is  not  known,  but  it  must  have  been  severe.  He  was  partially  insured.  Mr.  Tirk  had  a  heavy  stock  of  ploughs,  provisions,  gro.  Aeries,  &amp;c.,  burned.  They  were  in  different  buildings,  and  -wed.  His  loss  is  from  84,000  to  $6,000.  desti,  those  who  have  suffered  in  a  less  degree  than  Among  `rove  are  Holmes  Ellis,  Esq.,  who  had  his  those  named  a,.  -v  destroyed.  Myron  F.  Lindley,  Esq.,  papers  and  law  librai  his  'docket  library  ;  three  hundred  justice  of  the  peace,  lost  nart  of  his  clothes,  and  other  dollars  in  county  orders,  a  1  -of  others  who  must  be  articles.  There  are  a  numbe  '  we  have  not  time  to  seriously  affected  by  this  calamity,  b-- STYLE=superscript  give  the  details.  The  finest  portion  of  the  village  •  ashes.  Some  of  the  best  buildings  are  destroyed.  The  along  nit),  that  anyg  the  river  is  lined  with  lumber.  It  was  with  ex  t  re  2ne  four  -  was  rescued  from  the  flames.  Mr.  J.  Ing,  ,  t  .I.lLs STYLE=superscript  had  about  o  f  th  ese  la  hundred  thousand  shingles  ready  for  shipmei,  were  either  moved  or  burned.  Front  the  Louisville  Courier,  of  Novemb  er  2 STYLE=superscript  c4 STYLE=superscript  uff  Yesterday  morning  a  fire  was  discovered  in  the  snuff  factory  of  J.  F.  Bast,  tobacconist,  of  Maine-street.  .  main  the  fire  could  be  checked,  the  flames  extended  to  tL  building,  which,  with  the  wholesale  grocery  and  coma  ession  house  of  E.  Bustard,  were  consumed.  is  The  loss  of  Mr.  Bast  was  very  heavy,  as  very  little  of  .  •  h  material  or  stock  were  saved.  He  was  insured  to  tL  -  amount  of  18,400  dollars,  of  which  5,000  dollars  were  in  the  Madison  Insurance  Company,  6,000  dollars  in  the  New  York  City,  1,600  dollars  in  the  Hartford  City,  and  800  dollars  in  the  Hudson  River  Marine  and  Fire  Insurance  Company.  The  house  occupied  by  J.  F.  Bast,  with  the  one  adjoin adjoining,  ing, adjoining,  occupied  in  part  by  the  House  Telegraph  Company,  as  an  offi  ce,  belonging  to  Dr.  Ewing,  on  which  there  was  an  insurance  in  the  Franklin  in  this  city  to  the  amount  of  1000  dollars.  The  loss  of  Mr.  Bustard  is  not  over  2,000  dollars.  Ho  had  but  a  small  stock  on  hand,  and  his  damage  falls  on  a  lot  of  coffee,  sugar-house  molasses,  a  few  tierces  of  rice,  and  a  quantity  of  lead  and  shot.  He  was  insured  for  5,000  dollars  in  Muir's  agency  of  the  American.  and  5,000  dollars  in  Vernon's  agency  of  the  Franklin,  Philadelphia.  The  house  was  insured  for  1,500  dollars  in  the  Marine  and  Fire  Insurance  Company  of  this  city."
