text
"RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  HOSTILITIES  ON  THE  DANUBE.  Though  the  latest  telegraph  despatches,  with  news  from  the  seat  of  war,  are  contradictory,  they  leave  no  doubt  that  hostilities-have  commenced  in  earnest.  One  states  that,  in  a  conflict  between  the  opposing  armies  near  Dam,  the  Turks  retreated  ;  another,  generally,  that  the  Turkish  corps  which  passed  the  Danube  at  were  defeated,  making  no  mention  of  the  place  where  the  engage engagement  ment engagement  took  place;  and  a  third,  that  after  a  serious  conflict  between  Kalafat  and  Krajowa,  which  lasted  two  hours,  the  Russians  retreated  towards  Slatina.  Subjoined  are  the  despatches  to  which  we  refer.  An  official  communication  from  Bucharest  says  :  Two  thousand  Turks  appeared  at  Guirgevo  and  fired  into  the  town.  In  aPconflict  near  Darn  many  Russians  and  Turks  were  killed.  The  Turks  retreated  up  the  river,  and  the  Russians  followed  them.  At  Kalafat  there  are  daily  skirmishes.  The  Turks  respect  foreign  property  under  the  Austrian  flag.  A  private  telegraphic  despatch  from  Vienna  of  the  3rd  inst.  announces  the  defeat  of  the  Turkish  corps  which  had  passed  the  Danube  fiear  Kalafat.  ThelVienna  Freese  confirms  the  intelligence  of  the  arrival  of  7,000  Turks  at  Kalafat,  and  of  the  advance  of  the  left  wing  of  the  Turkish  army,  besides  8,000  of  the  Turkish  reserve  from  Sophia.  The  vanguard,  Under  Namik  Pacha  and  General  Prim,  had  a  serious  conflict  with  2,500  Russian  cavalry;  etWeen  Kalafat  and  Karajowa.  The  affair  lasted  two-  hours,  .when  the  Russians  retreated  towards  Slatina.  A  despatch,  dated  Bucharest,  Nov.  2,  gives  the  following  account  of  the  attack  of  Giurgevo  by  the  Turks:  —  Yesterday  800  or  1,000  Turks  appeared  at  and  bombarded  Giurgevo.  A  fight  ensued  along  shore;  several  Russians  and  Turks  were  killed,  and  civil civilians  ians civilians  wounded.  The  Turks  proceeded  up  the  river.  Russian  cavalry  with  cannon  followed  in  the  same  direction.  Skirmishes  between  the  out-posts  happen  daily  near  Kalafat.  Another  telegraphic  dispatch  from  Vienna  says  ;  —The  Hospodar,  Demetri,  Stirby,  is  superseded  ;  he  has  already  retired  from  his  Principality,  and  is  already  in  Transylvania.  The  members  Qf  the  civil  courts  are  ordered  into  the  interior,  and  all  offences  are  to  be  tried  by  the  Russian  courts-martial.  The  war  with  Russia  has  been  proclaimed  at  Belgrade  by  Izzet  Pacha  in  presence  of  the  Ser Servian  vian Servian  ministers  and  dignitaries.  The  Presse  states,  on  the  authority  of  Constan Constantinople  tinople Constantinople  letters  of  the  21st  ult.,  that  Redschid  Pasha  has  consented  to  a  fresh  draught  of  a  note,  proposed  by  Lord  Redcliffe,  and  based  on  the  Czar's  admissions  at  Olmutz.  Redschid  Pasha  is  said  to  have  given  his  consent  after  a  series  of  conferences.  A  letter  from  Constantinople  of  the  21st,  in  the  Presse  of  Vienna,  says  Lord  Stratford  de  Red.  cliffe  has  made  it  a  condition  sine  qua  non,  that  hos hostilities  tilities hostilities  shall  not  commence  until  the  receipt  of  the  answer  of  the  cabinet  of  St.  Petersburg  to  the  last  project  of  arrangement.  It  is  said  that  this  de demand  mand demand  gave  rise  to  some  very  stormy  scenes  be between  tween between  him  and  the  Divan,  but  at  last  the  considera consideration  tion consideration  due  to  the  Western  Powers  caused  the  latter  to  The  Breslau'  Gazette  states  from  Vienna,  30th  ult,  Negotiations  have  taken  place  between  Austria  an  d  l‘l  on  tenegro._  Austria  recomm  en  d  s  th  e  Vladika  to  observe  the  strictest  neutrality,  but  the  Prince  thinks  that  his  warlike  people  cannot  be  prevented  from  attacking  the  Turks,  and  he,  more  moreover,  states  .that  he  owes  a  proof  of  devoted devoted-UM  -UM devoted-UM  to,  11458ia,  as  a  protecting-  -"
