text
"PORTUGAL  The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  steamer  arrived  at  Southampton,  yesterday  morning,  with  the  usual  Peninsular  mails,  and  dates  from  Gib Gibraltar  raltar Gibraltar  25th,  Cadiz,  26th,  Lisbon,  29th,  Oporto  and  Vigo,  30th  ult,  The  Tagus  brings  37  passengers,  and  on  freight  7  packages  specie,  value  £3,025.  On  the  29th  ult.,  at  2  p.m.,  the  Tagus  passed  the  steam  ship  City  of  London,  'about  22  . STYLE=superscript  miles  N.  by  E.  of  Cape  Roca,  bound  for  Lisbon.  The  Tagus  left  H.M.  steam steamfrigate  frigate steamfrigate  Odin,  Captain  Scott,  anchored  at  Lisbon  on  the  29th  ult.,  and  the  French  steam  sloop  Petrel.  The  Lisbon  exchanges  for  bills  at  three  months,  are  quoted  by  this  packet  at  541  on  London  ;  Paris,  532;  Amsterdam,  43;  Hamburg,  48*;  Genoa,  530.  Somethinghas  been  done  on  Paris  and  Ham Hamburg,  burg, Hamburg,  as  also  on  London,  although  money  was  scarce  upon  the  latter  except  at  541.  New  Three  per  Cent.  _  _  -  Stock  was  dull  at  401  to  41+  ;  Bank  of  Portugal  stares,  147  to  142  milreis  discount  per  share.  These  rates  being  in  Lisbon  bank  notes,  subject  to  21  per  cent.  discount.  Oporto  Bank  shares  remained'  firm  at  5  to  6  per  cent.  premium  in  metal.  IRELAND  FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT  DUBLIN  .  ,  TUESDAY.  THE  FRENCH-STREET  SUICIDE.--All  doubt,  as  to  the  identity  of  the  unfortunate  deceased,  has  been  set  at  rest.  The  body  was  exhumed  yesterday,  and  identified  by  Messrs.  Mein  and  Grainger,  of  Jedburgh,  as  that  ofJames  MacFarlane,  a  clerk  in  their  employment,  who,  on  the  25th  of  August  last,  had  forged  a  cheque  for  £715,  with  which  he  absconded.  The  clothes,  handwriting,  &amp;c.,  of  the  unfortunate  man  were  also  identified  by  his  employers.  From  information  obtained  by  the  police,  it  appears  that  the  deceased,  after  committing  the  forgery,  absconded  from  the  town  of  Jedburgh,  having  induced  a  servant  of  Mr.  Mein's  to  drive  him  in  a  vehicle  to  the  next  railway  station,  that  was  about  eight  miles  distant,  from  which  he  proceeded  to  Alford,  where  his  wife  re resided,  sided, resided,  and  absconded  from  about  the  same  time.  It  also  appeared  that  although•  the  draft  was  cashed  on  Thursday,  the  forgery  was  not  discovered  until  the  next  Saturday,  when  the  Government  and  the  Bank  employed  Mr.  Everitt,  the  commander  of  the  Jedburgh  county  police,  to  pursue  the  delinquent  to  New  York.  It  has  been  stated  that  the  imita imitation  tion imitation  of  the  drawer  was  so  perfeet  that  the  manager  of  the  bank  would  have  paid  some  thousands  on  it.  Messrs.  Meir  and  Grainger  have  made  affidavits,  for  the  purpose  of  se securing  curing securing  any  property  of  deceased's  found  upon  him  at  French Frenchstreet.  street. Frenchstreet.  The  Commissioners  of  Police  are  to  decide  their  right  to-day  at  one  o'clock.  - STYLE=superscript  Arnocioirs  OUTRAGE.—The  Boyle  (Co.  Roscommon)  Gazette  has  the  following  One  of  the  most  degrading  outrages  that  has  been  committed  in  our  town  for  a  length  of  time,  was  perpetrated  on  the  night  of  Sunday  last  ;  and,  it  is  more  to  be  regretted,  as  poor  .  dumb  harmless  animals  have  been  the  unoffending  victims  of  the  malignity  and  cruelty  of  a  class,  who  have  not,  to  say  the  least,  either  the  fear  of  God  or  man  in  their  hearts.  It  appears,  that  on  the  above-mentioned  night,  some  parties  crossed  the  gate  or  walls  of  Mr.  Judge's  yard,  in  Eton's-lane,  and  having  pen penetrated  etrated penetrated  into  the  stables,  administered  a  ball  containing  poison,  to  each  of  four  horses,  causing  the  death  of  three  of  the  animals  on  the  next  day,  after  the  most  excruciating  torture.  The  fourth  house,  which  was  the  worst,  recovered  - STYLE=superscript  .  The  only  cause  that  can  be  assigned  for  this  act,  is  that  Mr.  Judge,  who  is  an  extensive  merchant,  has  been  in  the  habit  of  using  his  own  horses  for  the  conveyance  of  goods  from  Sligo  and  elsewhere,  which  called  forth  the  malice  of  the  carmen  of  Boyle  and  neighbourhood,  inasmuch  as  their  ser services  vices services  were  by  this  means  .  dispensed  with.  The  Hon.  L.  IL  King  Harman,  Captains  Duckworth  and  Johnston,  and  Dr.  O'Farrell,  held  a  private  investigation  on  Wednesday,  after  the  usual  business  of  the  Petty  Sessions  Court  was  disposed  of,  which  led  to  the  arrest  of  several  of  the  carmen,  two  of  whom,  named  Pat  Sharkett  and  Thomas  Gavigan,  were  committed  fully  to  Roscommon,  under  an  escert  of  six  of  the  constabulary.  A  third,  named  James  Butler,  was  also  com committed  mitted committed  afterwards,  the  investigation  having  been  continued  by  the  Magistrates  on  Thursday.  We  understand  that  the  government  have  offered  a  reward  of  £5O  for  the  prosecution  and  conviction  of  the  offender  or  offenders.  GREAT  MUNSTER  FAIR.—At  this  fair  there  were  1,427  horses,  1,155  pigs,  6,680  sheep,  and  4,450  horned  cattle.  THE  TENANT  CONFERENCE.—This  body  commenced  its  new  of  sittings  last  night;  when  Messrs.  Shee,  M.P.,  Lucas,  M.P.,  Duffy,  M.P.,  Potter,  M.P.,  and  Dr.  Gray,  of  the  Freeman,  were  the  only  persons  of  the  slight slightest  est slightest  note  present,  the  remainder  of  the  company  being  com composed  posed composed  of  priests,  and  the  sub-editor  of  the  Nation.  The  sceances  will  continue  some  time,  but  already  several  mem members  bers members  of  Parliament  who  were  invited  have  refused  to  attend.  Meanwhile,  some  idea  of  the  mode  in  which  the  new  Con Conference  ference Conference  will  go  to  work  may.  be  judged  from  an  epistle  in  reference  thereto,  from  Dr.  Cantwell,  the  R.  C.  titular  Bishop  of  Meath,  who  writes  that  one  of  the  measures  to  secure  tenant-right  must  necessarily  be  pulling  down  of  Pro Protestant  testant Protestant  FIRE.—A  portion  of  the  candle  factory  of  Mr.  O'Connor,  37,  Camden-street,  was  yesterday  destroyed  by  fire.  It  has  not  been  discovered  how  the  flames  arose.  The  property  was  insured  in  the  Patriotic  Insurance  Company.  CAPEL  STREET  POLICE  OPIUM  —Tun  Corrorx.tlACY  EASE.  —Tins  case  came  on  yesterday,  for  the  third  time,  when  after  the  examination  of  some  witnesses,  Mr.  Armstrong,  Mr.  Brady  '  and  Mr.  Blake,  Q.C.  were  heard  for  the  defen defendants,  dants, defendants,  and  Mr.  Meagher  for  the  prosecution.  Dr.  Kelly  then  intimated,  that  he  would  decline  judgment  on  Thursday  next.  STORM.—A  severe  south-westerly  gale  blew  very  hard  from  about  two  to  five  o'clock  this  morning.  It  came  in  a  succession  of,  squalls  which  were  greatly  felt  in  the  neigh neighbourhood  bourhood neighbourhood  of  Kingstown.  -  A  perfect  calm  has  followed,  but  it  is  not  unlikely  that  some  damage  ha  been  done  at  sea.  LONDON  GAZETTE,  TUESDAY  BANKRUPTS  Joseph  Peverelle,  Liverpool,  hardware  dealer,  cutler,  and  general  dealer,  Oct.  18  and  Nov.  8,  at  eleven,  at  the  Court  of  Bankruptcy,  Liverpool.  Off.  assignee,  Mr.  Caze Cazenove,  nove, Cazenove,  Eldon-chambers,  Liverpool  ;  sol.,  Mr.  Yates,  Liver Liverpool'  pool' Liverpool'  Joseph  Greenwood,  Spring  Head,  Yorkshire,  Woolstapler.  William  Tugwood,  Timm°,  Oxfordshire,  linen  and  wollcn-  Jolly,  Bishop  Stortford,  currier•  Gooden  Edghill;  High-street,  Southwark,  Lon-  sham,  Norfolk,  baker.  Worcestershire,  butcher..  stle-upon-Tyne,  common  brewer  spiiit  merchant  hley,  •Yorkshire  f  corn  miller.,  -4*  •  ek-street,  Cavendish-square,  uphol-"
