text
"WEST  DERBY  UNION.  Yesterday  the  usual  weekly  meeting  of  the  Board  of  Guardians  for  the  above  Union,  was  held  at  the  Board Boardroom  room Boardroom  of  the  Union  House,  West  Derby-road.  Mr.  J.  HARRISON,  in  the  chair.  The  other  Guardians  present  were  :—The  Rev.  W.  Badnall,  Messrs.  Kirkus,  Lunt,  Jeffries,  Wensly,  Abrahains,,  Mountford,  Brown,  G.  Har Harrison,  rison, Harrison,  Fleyes,  Carter,latterscll,  Alpass,  Mc  Gee,  Shawe  r  and  Owen.  ..z  The  routine  business  having  been  disposed  of,  the  Clerk  to  the  Board  read  the  following  communication  relative  to  the  LAW  OF  SETTLEMENT  Law  Board,  Whitehall,  Oct.  18th.  am  directed  by  the  Poor  Law  Board  to  forward  to  you  for  the  consideration  of  the  Guardians  o  ithe  West  Derby  Union,  and  for  observations  which  they  may  be  desirous  of  making  thereon,  a  copy  of  a  communication  which  the  Board  have  received  from  the  Board  of  Supervision  for  the  Relief  of  the  Poor  in  Scotland,  relative  to  the  removal  of  an  aged  woman  from  that  Union  to  Scotland.  lam  directed  to  add  that  the  Poor  Law  Board  have  written  to  the  Board  of  Supervision  for  the  name  of  the  woman  referred  to,  and  the  date  on  which  she  was  removed  from  the  West  Derby  Union,  to  Scotland,  and  they  will  communicate  to  the  Guar Guardians  dians Guardians  these  further  particulars  of  the  case  so  soon  as  they  are  informed  of  them.  I  am,  your  obedient  servant,  COURTNEY,  Secretary.  Cleaver,  Esq.,  Clerk  to  the  West  Derby  Board  of  Copy  of  a  communication  to  the  Poor  Law  Board  from  the  Board  of  Supervision  for  the  Relief  of  the  Poor  in  Scotland,  relative  to  the  removal  of  an  aged  woman  from  the  West  Derby  Union  to  Scotland.  of  Supervision,  Edinburgh,  Oct.  7th.  11,4•  Lord.  —I  am  directed  by  the  Board  of  Supervision  for  the  Relief  of  the  Poor  in  Scotland,  to  transmit  to  you  the  accompanying  copy  of  a  letter  from  the  Inspector  of  the  Poor  at  Luss,  dated  Oct.  4th,  respecting  the  removal  from  the  West  Derby  Union  to  Scotland,  and  I  am  requested  also  to  lay  the  same  before  the  Poor  Law  Commissioners  for  Eng England,  land, England,  and  favour  the  Board  with  their  opinion  as  to  the  propriety  of  the  removal,  and  as  to  the  manner  in  which  it  is  stated  to  have  been  conducted.—l  am,  &amp;c.  Lord  P.  WARNER.  Copy  of  a  letter  from  the  Inspector  of  the  poor  of  Luss,  to  the  Secretary  of  the  Board  of  Supervision,  Edinburgh  :  Sir,—l  am  directed  by  the  board  of  this  parish,  to  let  you  know  the  following  particulars  respecting  an  old  woman  who  was  born  in  this  parish,  left  it  when  young,  and  resided  in  Liverpool  for  a  period  of  thirty-seven  years.  Her  husband  being  a  soldier,  and  having  a  pension,  along  with  their  own  industry,  suppo  r  ted  th  emse  l  ves  up  to  the  period  of  the  husband's  death,  which  took  place  in  .tho  month  of  September,  1852.  All  means  of  support  being  then  cut  off,  and  she  being  unable  to  support  herself,  appli  e  d  to  the  West  Derby  Union  Workhouse  for  support,  and  was  admitted  into  the  workhouse  ;  but  in  a  few  days,  the  Governor  told  her  she  must  be  s  en  t  t  o  S  co  tl  an  d.  Sh  e  being  very  unwilling  to  be  separated  from  her  family,  having  four  residing  in  Liverpool.  But  it  would  not  do,  so  she  was  taken  before  the  magi  s  t  ra  t  es  ,  an  d  sworn  to  her  parish  of  birth,  and  was  accordingly  sent  per  steamer  to  Glasgow  and  left  in  the  Broomielaw,  without  money  and  withour  friends,  and  almost  unable  to  walk  from  the  effects  of  rheumatism  and  other  infirmities  ;  had  she  not  been  observed  by  some  humane  person  who  conducted  her  to  a  night  asylum,  where  she  was  looked  after  for  the  night,  and  in  the  morning  was  sent  to  the  Inspector  of  the  Poor.  Her  statement  is  as  follows  :—That  they  resided  in  Liverpool  for  a  period  of  thirty-seven  years,  about  six  years  in  the  last  house  they  occupied,  and  paid  their  rent  to  the  landlord,  and  supported  themsevles  up  to  the  period  of  her  husband's  death.  The  Board  hoped  that  the  Board  of  Supervision  will  give  their  advice  in  this  case,  and  say  what  the  English  Poor  Law  is,  and  if  the  Liverpool  autho authorities  rities authorities  legally  carried  it  out,  by  sending  the  person  referred  to,  to  Scotland.—  I  am  Sir,  DUNCAN  MCFARLINE,  Inspector  of  Poor.  Secretary  to  Board  of  Supervision,  Edinburgh.  The  clerk  said  the  great  omission  in  the  correspondence  was,  that  it  did  not  mention  the  name  of  the  woman,  nor  when  she  was.  removed.  It  stated  that  she  res  id  e  d  in  Liverpool,  and  not  in  the  West  Derby  Union.  A  Relieving  Officer,  and  the  Master  of  the  House,  said  theArecollected  the  circumstanc  es  :  —Th  e  woman  '  s  name  was  Biddy  MacKenzie.  ALrAss  :  Was  she  removed  by  an  order  of  removal  to  Scotland  ?  Officer  :  —She  was  taken  before  the  magistrates,  and  a  removal  order  was  made.  The  Master  .of  the  House.—She  said  she  had  lived  Ash-grove,  when  she  was  removed.  She  was  removed  in  the  regular  way.  - STYLE=superscript  The  Clerk  suggested  the  best  course  to  be  adopted  would  be  for  him  to.  wnte  to  the  authorities.  The  Rev.  W.  BADNALL  :  When  the  woman  was  removed,  did  you  go  with  her  to  Scotland,  or  did  you  send  her  ?  Officer  :  She  was  sent  by  the  packet,  and  she  was  provided  with  food  and  money.  The  Rev.  W.  BADNALL  condemned  the  system  of  persons  being  sent  by  packet  without  some  persons  accompanying  them,  to  give  them  into  the  charge  of  the  authorities  of  the  place  where  they  were  removed  to.  Mr.  M‘GRE  remarked  that  it  would  b  e  a  tt  en  d  e  d  w  i  t  h  a  great  expense,  to  send  a  person  wiih  all  the  paupers  who  were  removed.  The  REV.  W.  BADNALL  wished  to  inquire  of  the  Clerk,  whether  the  law  did  not  require  such  to  be  done  ?  The  Clerk  replied  in  the  negative.  He  said  the  person  removed  was,  with  the  removal  order,  given  into  the  charge  of  the  captain  of  the  vessel.  The  Rev.  W.  BADNALL  :  Then  it  was  a  most  infamous  law  ;  I  was  a  disgrace  to  the  laws  of  this  country  ;  it  was  a,  law  that  might  not  to  be  submitted  to  or  tolerated,  and  he  could  not  sufficiently  speak  in  condemnation  of  it.  Mr.  TATTERSELL  fully  concurred  in,  the  observations  uttered  by  Mr..  Badnall.  The  Clerk  said  he  did  not  see  that  there  was  any  particu particular  lar particular  hardship  in  the  case.  The  parties  were  removed,  they  were  sent  away,  provided  for,land  on  the  arrival  of  the  packet  they  could  obtain  relief.  Mr.  M'GEE—When  they  arrive  they  can  obtain  relief  as  well  as  they  could  in  this  country.  It  was  the  duty  of  the  authorities  of  the  places,  whether  in  Ireland  or  Scotland,  to  pick  up  such  cases  and  render  assistance;  the  same  as  their  officers  did  here.  The  Rev.  W.  BADNALL  considered  the  practice  exceedingly  objectionable.  The  persons  were  sent  away  without  any  money.  Where  were  they  to  get  assistance  ?  If  it  was  the  law  of  England,  it  was  a  law  that  was  an  outrage  on  huma humanity,  nity, humanity,  and  common  feeling.  Mr.  'JEFFRIES  :  • STYLE=superscript  Can  we  amend  the  law  ?  The  Rev.  W.  BADNALL  :  Yes;  we  can  amend  any  law.  Mr.  SHAW  :  Could  not  see  that  the  law  was  so  bad.  The  Guardians  had  a  person  removed,  to  whom  they  gave  money  to  go  with  ;  but  if  they  were  to  send  a  person  with  each  case,  they  would  require,  at  least,  150  officers.  He  could  not  see  that  such  a  course  was  necessary.  They  gave  them  money,  and  if  the  parties  choose  to  expend  that  money  in  whiskey,  they,  the  Guardians,  could  not  help  it.  Surely  the  Guardians  were  not  bound  -to  find  such  persons  with  whiskey.  Mr.  71-lEYES  was  about  to  offer  some  remarks,  when  The  CHAIRMAN  said  there  was  no  subject  before  tho  board,  and  the  discussion  dropped,  it  being  understood'  that  the  Clerk  would  communicate  with  the  authorities  on  the  sub subject,  ject, subject,  and  report  thereon  at  a  future  meeting.  UNPAID  SALARY.  The  Clerk  read  a  letter  from  Mr.  Palgrave,  solicitor,  re requesting  questing requesting  the  Board  to  pay  him  the  salary  due  to  Mr.  Dean  ;  who  was  confined  in  a  lunatic  asylum.  After  a  brief  con-  versation,  the  Clerk  was  instructed  to  apply  to  the  auditor  for  his  sanction  to  pay  Mr.  Palgrave.  OUT-STANDING  ACCOUNT.  The  Clerk  said  he  had  received  an  account  from  a  Mr.  Scot Scotten,  ten, Scotten,  requesting  the  payment  of  a  bill  which  had  been  stand standing  ing standing  since  1848  for  work  done  by  him  during  the  visitation  of  the  cholera.  The  bill  had  not  been  presented  before.  He  (the  Clerk)  had  examined  it,  and  fou  n  d  it  correc  t  th  a  t  the  work  had  been  done,  but  he  could  not  say  who  it  was  that  had  done  it.  The  Clerk  was  instructed  to  make  inquiries  as  to  whether  the  work  was  actually  done  by  Scott,en,  and  if  so,  to  Write  to  the  auditor  to  get  his  sanction  for  the  payment."
