text
"PORTUGAL  The  steamer  Tay  arrived  at  Southampton,  has  brought  advices  from  Lisbon  to  the  10th  instant.  The  Iberia,  with  the  Peninsular  mails,  was  advertised  to  leave  shortly  after afterwards,  wards, afterwards,  via  Oporto  and  Vigo.  The  Iberia  will  be  behind  time,  principally  in  consequence  of  the  three:days'  quarantine  observation  at  Gibraltar,  which  was  in  her  case  calculated  as  completed  at  midnight  on  the  7th  ;  she  reached  the  Rock  at  6  p.m.  on  the  sth.  For  want  of  due  accommodation,  the  passengers  performed  quarantine  on  board  and  the  Iberia  left  Gibralter  at  mid-day  on  the  Bth,  when  the  Vesuvius  steamer  was  the  only  British  vessel  of  war  in  the  Bay.  The  Iberia  complains  of  the  Spanish  Consul  at  Lisbon  having  cnused  the  vessel  to  be  kept  in  quarantine  at  Cadiz,  even  upon  her  return  voyage,  by  sending  a  despatch  by  her  to  Cadiz,  to  say  that.  Southampton  was  infected  with  cholera.  Liverpool,  London,:and  Southampton  continued  epally  sus suspected  pected suspected  in  Portuguese  ports,  but  a  few  more  arrivals,  with.  clean  bills  of  health  and  no  cholera  reports,  would  probably  even  induce  the  Lisbon  Board  of  Health  to  consider  them  entirely  clean.  •  •  When  the  Tay  left  Lisbon,,the  following  vessels  of  war  were  at  anchor  in  the  Tagus  :—Qdin,  steam  frigate  ;  Leander,  frigate,  arrived  on  the  9th  from  Plymouth  in  seven  days,  and  subject  to  one  day's  observation;  also  the  Spanish  frigate,  Permian°,  from  Vigo,  The  Lisbon  exchange  for  three  months  on  London  was  at  541,  bills  scarce.  .  Portuguese  stock,  39  to  40,  dull.  A  royal  decree  has  been  issued  at  Lisbon,  approving  a  loan,  contracted  in  Paris,  of  14000,000  f.  for  the  Portuguese  government„  at.  80  per  cent.,  interest  . STYLE=superscript  6  per  cent,  per  annum,  and  20  for  its  redemption,  The.  Earl  of  Clarendon  had  intimated  to  the  Minister  of  Foreign  Affairs  at  Lisbon,  that  no  more  time  could  be  allowed  the  Portuguese  government  to  make  good  the  claim  (about  15,0001.)  for  loss  of  capital  and  interest  in  the  case  of  Mrs.  Croft's  doyrry,  illegally  kept  back.  Mrs.  Croft  must  be  indemnified  for  the  illegal  refusal  of  her  dowry  registration  at  the  time  she  had  the  money  in  deposit  to  secure  her  payment.  This  government,  in  defiance  of  Lord  Palmerstdn's  intimation,  gave  the  money  up  to  Mrs,  Croft's  opponents,  and  will  now  have  to  make  it"
