text
"from  London  leaves  b  rent  coi  active,  and  pric  the  Cc  rates.  Our  readers  would  do  the  articles  which  have  won  relative  to  the  supply,  and  f'ulu  One  of  the  Sydney  papers  ft  .  .  ing  intelligence  LABOUR  MARKET.—During  the  past  week  has  been  brisk  as  usual.  The  arrival  of  the  e]  Childe  Harold,  is  very  acceptable  in  the  presen  market.  The  following  is  the  current  rate  of  w  ing  rattons  :—Married  couples  for  country  ho  £65  to  £7O  per  annum  ;  £75  to  £80;  shepherds.  35  ;  do.  home  station,  38  to  £46  ;  10  to  60  to  £65;  dO.  per  wed,  the  roads,  per  week,  £3  Co  £3  10s  r  rtRREy  AND  RUSSIA.  SUBMARINE  TELEGRAPH.  The  T  TRIESTE,  WEDNESDAY.  from'  n° STYLE=superscript  3  7 STYLE=superscript  d  steamer  has  just  arrived  with  news  A  0,  o STYLE=superscript  nstantin  o  pl  e  to  the  10th  Sept,  tw  ee  r  'l  Zcl  understanding  apparently  preVailed  be bee  e bee  Peace  and  War  pa  r  titS  in  the  Divan.  de  e STYLE=superscript  r STYLE=superscript  i  efuSai  of  Rutsia  to  accet  the  modifications  4( STYLE=superscript  ted  in  th  e  Vienna  note  by  Turk(  .  016;4  .  3  ;  i  :  t STYLE=superscript  i  dud  it  was  excepted  that  no  other  conces conceswould  would conceswould  be  made  by  the  Porte.  inile  armame  n  t  s  continue  without  relaxation.  I.„,  ° STYLE=superscript  _  ° STYLE=superscript  nsequence  of  the  existence  of  cholera  at  bliZ  sa, STYLE=superscript  a  quarantine  of  five  days  has  been  esta estadrnQlN  drnQlN estadrnQlN  ed  at  that  it  Widdill  to  Sulinay,  and  a  sanitary  cordan  has  been  fa  t STYLE=superscript  .  LBY  SUBMAIIINE  TELEGRAPHd  tidy'  VIENNA,  W  EDNESDAY EDNESDAY-Bta,.  -Bta,. EDNESDAY-Bta,.  i STYLE=superscript  ces  have  been  received  from  Constantinople,  at  'lug  that  the  war  and  peace  parties  had  arrived  l  e  a STYLE=superscript  temporary  understanding,  but  armaments  t  'essly  continued.  a STYLE=superscript  rc%  James  Rothschild  arrived  at  Olmutz  on  a  l STYLE=superscript  ,  l STYLE=superscript  day,  by  invitation.  r  conferences  there  had  led  to  most  pacific  4e  B  w  ts.  The  Emperor  Nicholas  arrives  to-day.  INDIA  AND  CHINA.  1 STYLE=superscript  :-he  Indian  Mail  brings  us  intelligence  from  Cal Calorlittato  orlittato Calorlittato  the  19th,  Bombay,  30th,  and  Hong  Kong  sth  k  5 STYLE=superscript  ,401..  ,„  4 STYLE=superscript  .  ,  letter  from  Pea  All  rumours  of  wars  attacks  have  died  away,  and  a  more  general  0  118 STYLE=superscript  e  of  security  and  confid  ence  i  n  the  permanency  f  t STYLE=superscript  he  British  rule  is  shown  by  the  The  scarcity  had  much  diminished  in  the  lower  r  l STYLE=superscript  vinces,  owing  to  the  dry  crops,  Indian  corn,  &amp;c.,  having  been  got  in.  Rice  was  being  tt  ) STYLE=superscript  Torted  la  r  gely,  b  u  t  was  s  till  r  i  s  i  ng  i  n  p  r  ice,  a  n  d  Q,S,  ilo STYLE=superscript  paddy  (unshelled  rice  for  seed)  was  pro prourable,  urable, prourable,  there  was  very  little  cultivation  going  on,  .5  ~11Y  good;  butt  Pegu.  T  cholerahe  health  was  of  thfearfully  r  e  troop  a  s  p  ws  gene geneevalent  evalent geneevalent  the  natives  The  accounts  from  Prome,  and  the  upper  coun counrY,  rY, counrY,  are  not  so  favourable.  Scarcity  still  prevailed,  and,  the  country  was  overrun  by  robber  bands.  The  north-west  frontier  is  in  a  very  disturbed  ,  6t STYLE=superscript  ate,  and  the  Kohat  Pass  is  still  closed.  It  has  been  determined  to  establish  a  cordon  of  '3'  posts  between  Peshawur  and  Kohat,  for  the  Drctection  of  our  communication.  Sadat  Khan  is  main  troublesome  ;  he  is  trying  to  excite  the  n STYLE=superscript  eighbouring  chiefs  to  join  him  in  more  extensive  °Aerations.  It  is  said  that  a  letter  of  Dost  Ma Ma!-I°Damed's  !-I°Damed's Ma!-I°Damed's  has  been  intercepted,  regretting  that  he  Ls  unable  to  assist  the  frontier  tribes  against  the  English  this  year,  but  promising  to  do  so  next  Year.  Cholera  continues  fearfully  prevalent  in  the  North-west_  Provinces,  and  several  British  officers  bate  died  of  it.  Th  e  last  fortnight's  news  from  China  is  rather  u STYLE=superscript  ninteresting.  The  Imperialists  have  made  another  nsuccess  unsuccessful  attempt  to  re-capture  Amoy,  and  from  thet STYLE=superscript  he  accounts  received  of  the  spiritless  behaviour  of  10 STYLE=superscript  Tartar  troops,  both  on  this  occasion  and  also  at  Chin-liiang-too,  it  is  now  evident  that  there  is  44 STYLE=superscript  end  of  the  M  ,Lanchoo  dynasty.  The  cholera  was  still  raging  in  some  districts  of  c  On STYLE=superscript  the  night  of  the  12th  of  July,  the  brig  Sieira,  5 STYLE=superscript  Pt.  Huberber,  from  Singapore  to  Bali  Balling,  nn  ballast,  struck  on  a  reef  off  the  coast  of  e STYLE=superscript  ar  Gullimandle,  and  soon  afterwards  became  a  tot STYLE=superscript  al  wreck.  The  ship  General  Chasse  left  Batavia  l  ob  the  llth,  experienced  severe  weather,  sprung  a  in  15  S.  latitude,  and  put  back  toßatavia  where  s STYLE=superscript  ine  anived  on  the  21st  of  August.  The-Dutch  ship  .11'istopher  Columbin  struck  on  a  reef  between  the  .  Island  of  Rotterdam  and  Onrust.  On  the  18th  of  June  a  column  consisting  of  178  Pen  had  been  sent  out  from  Bencoolen  to  the  Dis Disturber  turber Disturber STYLE=superscript  district,  They  were  attacked  by  about  300  Insurgents  whom  they  repulsed,  and  laid  waste  several  of  the  villages,  which  had  taken  part  with  the  insurgent  chief.  A  follow  named  Ruden  Kum Kumwho  who Kumwho  had  given  himself  out  as  a  saint,  was  ot.  Good  muskets,  mostly  of  British  manufacture  had  been  seized  in  the  Music  district.  Shocks  of  Earthquakes  had  been  felt.  at  Croe  and  Menado.  ep STYLE=superscript  ee'  continued  at  Amboyna.  the  r  ,  Iron  war  steamer  had  been  launched  fEom  ppcivernment  yard  at  Surabuga.  fir  s  t  o STYLE=superscript  bi  Shan  g  hai  two  visits  have  been  paid  (the  by  the  consulate  interpreter,  Mr.  Meadows,  at  o  se  .  cond'by  a  missionary,  to  the  insurgent  camp  fz  i  .:  1111 STYLE=superscript  I-kiang-foo,  the  city  at  the  junction  of  the  I STYLE=superscript  ld  canal  with  the  Yang-tse-Kiang.  taken  and  AT,  1 STYLE=superscript  2  11 STYLE=superscript  „e  most  important  intelligence  obtained  by  Meadows  was,  that  a  column  of  the  insurgents  0  ,  ;  I STYLE=superscript  V  had  marched  to  the  northward  and  captured  to  l STYLE=superscript  ;ge  city  on  the  Yellow  River.  This  must  be  i  t  left  wing  or  column  of  the  insurgent  force,  as  d  rs STYLE=superscript  known  that  the  right  wing  still  stands  fast  at  ein.  The  city  of  Chin-kiang-foo  is  entirely  4,  Se STYLE=superscript  rted  by  its  inhabitants,  and  has  a  very  desolate  I  .o  l STYLE=superscript  _,earance,  .the  doors  and  all  other  timber  do  obtainable  from  the  houses  have  been  torn  o  rp  and  used  in  the  construction  of  the  long  lines  T  h  'efenee  the  rebels  threw  up  in  the  first  instance.  t  e  .,,  e STYLE=superscript  ,  se  temporary  materials  are  now  everywhere  lir  aced  by  brick  masonry,  and  these  entrenched  (  es,  which  are  very  extensive,  are  said  to  be  .  laid  b;:'  With  much  military  skill.  The  camp  is  said  to  I  lt  ;.  garrisoned  by  60,000  men;  they  are  without  b  4f  if°lll- STYLE=superscript  1,  and  present  a  very  motley  appearance,  Al  are  said  to  be  under  very  efficient  control.  f  ore  their  women  are  at  Nankin.  A  large  Tartar  %`'e  Is  encamped  in  the  neigbourhood,  find  occa occathell„,allY  thell„,allY occathell„,allY  a  distant  cannonade  is  interchanged,  but  to  o  Tartar  troops  fight  as  cautiously  at  Chin-kiang Chin-kiang.,  ., Chin-kiang.,  at  Amoy  c  o  :  T STYLE=superscript  .  he  mercenary  fleet  blockading  Chin-kiang-foo  ti  t  ;'lsts  o  f  e  i  g  ht  E  ng  li  s  h  a  n  d  Amer  i  can  square squarekrled  krled squarekrled  vessels,  between  30  and  40  Portuguese  flied  lorchas,  and  about  20  junks.  With  the  t  5  ,Pe  exception  of  the  flag  ship,  Sir  Herbert  Comp-  N  , STYLE=superscript  all  the  European  vessels  are  small.  Sir  George  il  l  ,  41 STYLE=superscript  ;  01 STYLE=superscript  11  has  at  last  issued  a  proclamation  appris apprisi,lh  i,lh apprisi,lh  all  subjects  of  the  illegality  of  engag engag();,  ();, engag();,  'warlike  operations  in  China  without  the  kii,;  ;  C  lllu STYLE=superscript  'B  license,  and  warning  all  such  that  he  will  t)!)‘  (  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  LI STYLE=superscript  Y  enforce  the  penalties  provided  in  the  act  r° STYLE=superscript  °rge  111  chap.  69,  against  such  offences.  .  4i  4  .  1:11 STYLE=superscript  e  Government  at  Pekin  is  in  the  greatest  DL  e STYLE=superscript  ,Ss  for  money.  On  its  being  announced  that  tlll  t  iZer  Circulation  was  to  be  issued  and  forced  into  t STYLE=superscript  ilo  l  oe3  7 STYLE=superscript  ,  all  the  bankers  shut  their  shops,  and,  not  g  4 STYLE=superscript  this  project  has  been  given  up,  they  have  thaegain  opened  them.  The  Emperor  had  ordered  t  re  all  should  pay  the  next  month's  rent  into  his  I STYLE=superscript  lle4  l STYLE=superscript  lrY  instead  of  to  their  landlords  ;  but  this  l'eli„re  Would  afford  a  trifling  and  very  temporary  Aekl  scarcity  of  grain  was  beginning  to  be  felt  in  owing  to  the  districts  by  which  the  capital  ° STYLE=superscript  f  tV  li STYLE=superscript  ncipally  supplied  being  now  in  possession  (  -  \  -e STYLE=superscript  rebel  s  .  his  -11 STYLE=superscript  the  3d  of  August,  Commodore  Perry  and  licl  e  :  c STYLE=superscript  luadro  n  left  their  anchorage  on  the  coast  of  has  ,°,  and  sailed  for  Japan.  The  Commodore  Q  Orchased  as  a  coa  l  d  e  pot  a  piece  of  land  on  itNap  a  l,',  ll STYLE=superscript  d  called  Banian,'  in  the  neighbourhood  of  found  to  be  inhabited  by  Scotch  and  'll4ericalililies:  This  is  the  first  possession  the  ,  I  t  a,  ll STYLE=superscript  B  have  acquired  in  Asia.  4-30nabay  trade  is  brisk,  and  money  abun-  CHINA.  HONG  KONG,  August  5,  1853.  &#34;fl,6'4  l  '7  a STYLE=superscript  nler  Ganges  arrived  on  the  4th  instant,  1 STYLE=superscript  0  '4 STYLE=superscript  e  lil:  t STYLE=superscript  .l  lV STYLE=superscript  iCes  from  Enland_  to  the  24th  of  June.  of  the  troops  is  good,  and  the  weather  b  ''\;  4  .  lt STYLE=superscript  )l STYLE=superscript  from  continuous  gales..  witO'ard  a STYLE=superscript  re  again  becoming  formidable  to  the  d  e  , STYLE=superscript  eay,,nere  there  is  a  large  piratical  fleet  armed  a STYLE=superscript  ttack  Two  armed  lorchas,  sent  by  the  °f  ti  . STYLE=superscript  ;„'  l STYLE=superscript  l  Alacao,  were  obliged  to  refrain  from  In  — STYLE=superscript  ktlo,?,  e STYLE=superscript  'll•  We  hear  there  is  some  prospect  and  q•-t  E  t  ti,  'ral  sending  a  force  after  them.  •  I STYLE=superscript  Da STYLE=superscript  rt  ir STYLE=superscript  •  - STYLE=superscript  -Iler  Majesty's  ships  Winchester  , STYLE=superscript  ipid.  cornett„lat  Itlqeamer  Styx,  and  brigs  Lily  and  eat,  steamer  Cassini  and  m  ea STYLE=superscript  lb-or  At  Amoy.—Her  Majesty's  r.'je STYLE=superscript  o  4 STYLE=superscript  l  ll STYLE=superscript  l  ,  l STYLE=superscript  ,  e STYLE=superscript  ,  rB STYLE=superscript  S STYLE=superscript  A  e STYLE=superscript  l  Shanghai,—Her  Majesty's  Gal  e  `  latest  es  and  Salamander.  a STYLE=superscript  Otli  ti STYLE=superscript  a  tta, STYLE=superscript  2d  ,i  'a STYLE=superscript  !  e STYLE=superscript  s  are—from  England,  24th  June;  %i  n  „  - STYLE=superscript  ;  ;  Bombay,  I7th  July;  Singapore,  ,  ,anilla,  11th  July  ;  Sydney,  14th  June  ;  le  h  ,  ll STYLE=superscript  th  e  I  ) STYLE=superscript  th  July.  co,„  a STYLE=superscript  rriv  er  rust.  Vice-Admiral  Sir  Fleetwood  Pel-  Lii`  4 STYLE=superscript  1  ) STYLE=superscript  44i  .0  411  Her  Majesty's  ship  Winchester,  ac ac-1.  1. ac-1.  Y  Her  Majesty  s  steamer  Styx,  and  brig  c  have  little  new  to  report  regarding  the  rebel rebellion,  lion, rebellion,  and  it  is  difficult  to  gain  correct  intelligence.  Our  dates  from  Shanghai  are  to  the  18th  ultimo.  The  movement  of  the  insurgents  into  the  Kiana  b  si  province  seems  beyond  a  doubt,  and  they  had  taken  possession  of  the  principal  city,  •causing  alarm  in  Moning  and  the  Moytme  neighbourhood,  the  seat  of  the  tea  districts.  From  Foochow  our  dates  extend  to  the  10th  of  July.  The  rebels  had  met  with  reverses  and  been  driven  back,  and  disturbances  in  the  Shang-foo  dis district,  trict, district,  are  quieted  for  the  present.  A  parcel  of  black  tea  had  come  down,  and  more  was  expected.  The  American  Consul  seemed  determined  to  work  a  trade  there,  having  native  agents  in  the  interior.  Our  advices  from  Amoy  are  to  the  18th  ultimo.  The  Imperialists  did  not  succeed  in  retaking  the  place,  but  retreated  in  good  order.  Trade  was  at  a  complete  standstill,  and  likely  to  be  so  for  months  to  come.  Canton  keeps  quiet,  but  in  the  interior  there  is  evidently  great  disorder,  and  the  difficulty  of  transit  is  greater,  which  has  a  serious  eftect  on  trade.  The  market  for  imports  has  continued  excessively  dull,  and  the  small  business  done  has  been  chiefly  on  speculation.  Prices  of  'most  articles  are  again  lower.  Turkey  opium,  330  dollars.  Exchange  on  England  for  6  month's  bills  4s.  71-d.  to  4s.  7ds.  per  dollar  ;  on  India,  RS.  265  to  R  62  per  100  dollars.  Freights  £3  10s.  to  £3.  The  steamer  Ganges,  on  the  4th  inst.  brought  from  the  London  and  intermediate  places  about  4  lacs  of  dollars  in  bar  silver  and  dollars.  Sycee  silver  is  quoted  5  per  cent.  premium.  A  considerable  business  has  been  done  in  tea,  and  prices  are  firmly  supported  ;  lately  musters  have  come  down  slowly,  which  induces  the  teamen  to  be  firm.  At  Shanghai  markets  remained  in  the  same  un unsatisfactory  satisfactory unsatisfactory  state.  No  inquiry  for  imports.  Few  teas  had  arrived,  and  scarcely  any  settlements  had  been  made.  Silk  was  held  for  an  advance.  Ex Exchange  change Exchange  on  England,  almost  nominal,  quoted  Os,  6d.  to  6s.  Bd.  per  dollar  ;  on  India  300  r.  per  100  dol dollars:  lars: dollars:  Freights  to  England.X3  to  £4.  The  export  of  tea  from  China  shows  an  increase  of  about  4,000,0001  b.  on  that  of  last  year  to  the  same  time,  brit  it  is  expected  to  fall  off,  as  supplies  are  slowly  coming  forward,  from  interruption  in  the  interior.-  COMMERCIAL  INTELLIGENCE.  BOMBAY  MARKET.  PROM  THE  29TH  JULY  TO  THE  29TH  AUGUST  The  easy  state  of  the  money  market  for  some  time  past  still  continues.  The  Bank  of  Bombay  have  reduced  their  rate  of  discount  1  per  cent.  Silver  Bullion  has  been  in  request  for  the  China  market.  Favourable  reports  still  continue  to  be  received  of  the  crops  up  country.  A  good  fall  of  rain  is,  however,  now  much  desired.  Prices  generally  have  risen,  but  the  price  of  piece  goods  and  yarns  is  scarcely  remunerative,  and  that  of  metals  is  still  under  the  cost  for  which  they  can  be  landed  there.  Little  has  been  done  in  Cotton  lately.  We  now  quote  for  Broach  and  Siirat  106  r.  ;  Dhollera,  101  r.  to  103  r.  ;  Oomrawutte,  94r.  to  96r.  •  and  Compta,  93r.  to  95r.  We  are  small  in  stock,  but  fresh  supplies  may  be  expected  immediately.  Freights  during  the  month  have  considerably  fluctuated,  .We  now  quote  £3  to  London,  and  £3  2s.  6d.  to  £3  ss.  to  Liverpool;  to  China  the  nominal  rate  is  16r.  to  17r.  per  candy.  There  are  now  three  vessels  on  the  berth  for  Aus Australia,  tralia, Australia,  the  average  freight  being  from  £5  to  £7  per  ton.  Exchange.—The  rates  we  quote  are  2s.  15-16  d.  for  first firstclass  class firstclass  credits,  and  2s.  18d  for  document  bills  at  six  months'  eight.  China  bills,  at  60  days'  sight,  have  risen  to  247  r.  to  250  r.  per  100  dollars,  and  even  at  that  arc  not  easily  had.  Calcutta  bills  at  60  days'  sight  are  quoted  at  99r.  to  991  r.  Freights.—To  London,  3/.  2s.  6d.  per  ton;  to  Liverpool,  3/.  2s.  6d.  per  ton;  to  Calcutta,  nominal,  per  rass  ;  to  China,  164rr.  per  candy.  THE  CALCUTTA  MARKET,  FRIDAY,  AUG.  19  The  steamer  Bombay  was  announced  on  the  11th  instant,  and  came  up  on  the  12th,  bringing  London  dates  to  the  Bth  of  July.  The  reports  from  the  indigo  districts  are  still  unsatisfac unsatisfactory.  tory. unsatisfactory.  Shel  lac  and  lac  dye  remain  unchanged.  An  average  business  has  been  done  in  hides.  The  business  done  m  sugar  for  shipment  to  Great  Britain  has  been  very  limited  during  the  last  fortnight,  not  exceeding  600  tons;  prices,  however,  are  firm,  and  about  2s.  to  3s.  per  cwt,  above  home  quotations.  The  business  done  in  cotton  piece  goods  •has  been  compa comparatively  ratively comparatively  limited.  Holders  of  cotton  goods  arc  very  firm,  and  they  are  encouraged  to  continue  so  by  the  perceptible  and  wholesome  falling  off  in  the  sendings  from  home,  particularly  as  respects  twist  and  unbleacheefabrics.  1,650  mds.  pig  lead  are  reported  sold  at  7-4  per  md.  Stilt  is  iu  good  de demand  mand demand  at  full  pricer,  fine  Liverpool  is  quoted  .at  95  to  100,  and  butter  at  94  to  95  per  100  mds.  The  money-market  is  kept  well  supplied,  and  accommo accommodation  dation accommodation  can  be  obtained  on  comparatively  moderate  terms.  The  share  market  is  firm,  with  an  upwards  tendency.  Exchange  has  not  undergone  any  material  alteration.  First-class  credit  have  been  ruling  2s.  2id.  to  2s.  id.,  and  documents  at  id.  to  id.  cheaper.  Bank  of  England  post  bills-  2s.  Old.  Australian  Bank  bills  at  30  days'  sight  at  2s.  Oid.  13ills  on  China,  with  opium  documents,  235  r.  per  $lOO.  Tonnage  is  very  scarce.  Freights  have  not,  however,  much  altered  owing  to  the  small  business  doing  in  exports  for  Great  Britain.  The  quotations  to  London  are  3/.  15s.  salt saltpetre;.  petre;. saltpetre;.  3/.  15s.  sugar;  4/.  rice;  4/.  ss.  to  4/.  lOs  oil  seeds.  Rice  to  the  Mauritius  2r.  4a.  to  2r.  6a.  per  bag.  The  adver advertisements  tisements advertisements  show  only  two  ships  on  the  berth  for  London,  four  for  Liverpool,  one  New  York,  three  Australia,  two  France,  four  Mamitius,  three  China,  two  Straits,  and  three  Rangoon  and  Maulmain.  FRANCE.  (FRO3I  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  .  .  .  PARIS,  TUESDAY.  .  .  .  ..  .  .  The  French  journals  of  this  morning  regard  the  passage  of  the  Dardanelles  with  much  equanimity,  and  'are  very  sparing  of  their  comments  The  government  organs  anticipate  only  favourable  re results.  sults. results.  Silence  being  no  longer  possible,  the  Moniteur  breaks  it,  by  giving  to  the  world  the  intelligence,  which  it  probably  received  last  Friday  ;  but  an announces,  nounces, announces,  that  only  two  vessels  of  each  squadron  had  the  passed  the  Straits.  The  following  is  from  the  Siiele  :--`,  It  is  to  be  regretted  that  diplomacy  has  thought  it  necessary  to'  find  a  pretext  for  an  act  in  every  way  worthy  of  praise.  We  are  told  that  the  ships  have  been  sent  for  to  protect  the  Christian  residents  at  Con Constantinople,  stantinople, Constantinople,  The  English  and  French  residents  inhabit  the  fanxbOurgs  of  Galata  and  Pera,  wherein  there  is  only  an  imperceptible  minority  of  Mussulmans.  The  mob  of  Constantinople  would  not  attack  them,  if  so  disposed,  by  traversing  the  two  .  bridges  of  boats,  which  could  be  easily  intercepted,  but  by  taking  a  circuitous  route  behind  •  the  arsenal.  There  are  two  Christian  qnarters  in  Constantino Constantinople  ple Constantinople  itself,  one  Armen'an,  the  other  Greek,  and  the  quarter  of  the  Fanal  is  exclusively  Gyeek.  As  yet,  there  has  been  no  hostile  demonstrations  whatever  in  any  quarter.  We  may  add  to  this  that  the  fes festival  tival festival  of  the  (Bariam,  lasting  four  days,  when  every  Mussulman  kills  a  sheep,  and  forsakes  business  for  pleasure,)  has  passed  off  without  disturbance.  During  this  fête,  the  Sultan  goes  in  solemn  pro procession  cession procession  to  the  great  mosque,  attended  by  his  officers,  who  scatter  money  among  the  people.  Ins  appear appearance  ance appearance  was  hailed  with  great  cordiality.  The  Sultan  does  not  live  in  the  old'  Seraglio,  but  in  a  lofty  palace  on  the  Bosphorus,  about  3A-  miles  from  Constantinople,  and  the  surrounding  edifices  are  inhabited  only  by  the  wealthier  and  better  affected  classes,  A  telegraphic  dispatch  of  the  15th  announces  that  the  Ulemas  had  made  the  antende  honor 'honorable.'  The  Debats  gives  some  interestin  g  parti particulars  culars particulars  about  this  class  Mahomet  instituted  no  priesthood—but  the  Koran  being  hi  Arabic,  and  not  to  be  translated  without  profanation  r  there  was  formed  a  body  of  literati,  acquainted  with  Arabic,  and  reciting  aloud  the  prayers  in  the  mosques,  to  serve.  as.  a  guide  to  the  faithful,  who  pray  in  a  language  of  which  they  understand  little  or  nothing—these  are  the  Ulemas,  which  means,  literati,  or  doctors.  They  also  interpret  the  Ko Koran,  ran, Koran,  and,  as  with  the  Mahometans,  the  religious  and  civil  law  are  confounded,  they  call  themselves  also  interpreters  of  the  law.  The  grand  •  Musphti  is  chief  of  the  law  •  but  the  active,  real  chief  of  the  Memos,  having  the  title  Scheik-ul-Islam,  is  by  right  Minister  of  Justice.  On  all  solemn  occasions  the  Sultan  refers  any  great  measure  that  may  be  in  contemplation  to  a  council  of  Ulemas,  who  have  to  decide  whether  it  be  or  be  not  in  opposition  to  the  Koran.  Throughout  the  whole  Empire  they  number  about  30,000,  and  a  laborious  course  of  reli religious  gious religious  and  legal  study  is  required  of  the  aspirants  to  the  hierarchy.  It  is  only  at  the  age  of  30  years,  and  after  long  privations,  that  the  young  Softa  cm  expect  the  grade  of  muderi,  or  professor,  which  may  lead  him  to  still  higher  The  Emperor  and  Empress  arrived  at  St.  Omer  on  Sunday,  and  were  present  in  the  evening  at  a  splendid  ball  given  by  the  municipality.  They  left  yesterday  morning  for  Dunkirk,  and  reached  Calais  at  half-past  five,"
