text
"Other  CHEESE,  'y  packed  h  John  -street  THE  ANNUAL  SUBSCRIPTION  TO  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  is  TWO  GUINEAS  PER  ANNUM.  EVENING  EDITION.  aAn  Evening  Edition  of  TIMES  it  Published  NORTHERN  DAILY  'ontaining  the  Markets,  !ry  Afternoon,  at  Three  o'  ogether  with  all  the  News  of  th  Day,  up  to  the  hour  of  going  to  Press  Ec  30.,ortljtrn  FRIDAY,  JANUARY  -.........  25,  1858  Ir  diplomacy  has  one  characteristic  to  recom.  mend  it  more  than  another  it  is  ambiguity.  The  language  employed  by  the  negociators  and  advo  cates  of  peace  verifies  this  assertion.  We  defy  the  most  practised  logician,  the  most  profound  pro professors  fessors professors  of  rhetoric,  or  scholars  who  have  devoted  s  to  studyin  bscure  passages  in  the  works  of  modern  or  ancient  authors,  to  tell  us  what  all  that  has  been  said  about  Russia's  accep acceptance  tance acceptance  of  the  Austrian  propositions  really  means.  Plain-going  business  people  can,  without  the  aid  of  any  great  scholastic  or  intellectual  culture,  make  themselves  understood  when  they  accept  or  refuse  any  proffered  bargain.  The  trickster  alone  resorts  to  delays,  evasion  and  circumlocution.  We  have  these  and  other  standar,is  by  which  we  measure  the  integrity  of  individuals  in  the  every-day  transactions  of  life  ;  and  we  cannot  conceive  why  they  should  not  be  employed  to  test  the  sincerity  of  nations  in  matters  relating  to  peace  or  war  .  Where  no  trick  is  intended,  no  treachery  is  meant  to  be  perpetrated,  or  no  dishonest  advantage  sought,  plain  and  decisive  language,  intelligible  to  all  the  world,  would  be  as  acceptable  to  Europe  as  the  most  finished  piece  of  composition  which  could  emanate  from  the  first  University  on  the  Continent,  or  in  England.  Diplomatists  and  poll_  honest  inten  )f  their  own,  and"
