text
"POLICE  COURTS  .-  Y  ESTERDAY  LIVERPOOL  EMBEZZLEMENT  BY  A  SHOPMAN.—Peter  Parson,  a  respect respectable  able respectable  looking  young  man,  of  very  good  address,  was  brought  up,  charged  with  stealing  a  variety  of  fancy  articles  out  of  the  Shop  of  hiiemployer,  Mi.:Richmond,  corner  of  Church-A.  and  Paradise-street.  The  articles  were  tound  in  his  box.  Mr.  Richmond  stated  that  having  missed  a  piece  of  cloth  he  announced  his  intention  of  having  the  boxes  of  the  young  men  searched.  His  suspicion  was  principally  directed  to  the  prisoner,  who  denied  that  he  had  the  key.  Prosecutor  broke  the  box  'open;  and  there  found,  not  only  the  cloth,  but  a  quantity  of  other  articles,  his  property.  Pnsoner  then  gave  up  the  cloth.  He  had  been  but  four  or  five  weeks  in  Mr.  Richmond's  employment.  Prisoner  pleaded  intoxication  in  mitigation  of  his  offence.  The  magistrates  said  it  was  too  clear  a  case,  and  they  should  send  it  trial  at  the  Quarter  Sessions.  CHARGE  OF  STEALING  COTTON.—iaMeSPOWeiaBCI  Richard  Shea  were  brought  up  for  stealing  six  bales  of  cotton  from  a  warehouse  in  Kitchen-street,  belonging  to  Mr.  Gregory  and  taken  it  to  the  •  railway  station  at  Wapping.  The  cotton  was  identified.  Mr.  Clough  stated  that  in  Shea's  case  they  were  perfectly  satisfied  that  there  was  no  evidence.  Powell  was  remanded  for  seven  days.  STEALING  'COAL.—  Catherine  ifeoughan,  Cicely  Gill,  Ellen  Murphy;  and  Bridget  Tierney  were  charged  by  officer  254,  who  stated  that  about  half-past  six,  on  Sunday  morn morning,  ing, morning,  he  met  the  prisoners  in  Oxford-street,  each  of  them  hav having  ing having  at  the  time  a  basket  of  coal,  for  which  they  could  give  no  account.  A  flat  man,  who  did  not  appear,  told  the  po police  lice police  that  he  lost  from  three  to  four  hundred  weight  the  same  morning.  Murphy  had  been  once  committed  before  The  magistrate  said  there  were  good  reasons  to  believe  tha  the  prisoners  were  thieves,  but  as  the  owner  of  the  coal  di  not  come  forward,  they  should  have  the  benefit  of  that  donbl  Discharged.  •  'EMBEZZLEMENT  BY  A  CLERK.—Michael  Bolger,.  a  clerk  the  employment  of  Mr.  M'Corquodale,  stationer,  Casfie  street,  was  charged  with  absconding  with  16s.  6d.  money  which  'had  been  entrusted  to  him  by  Mr.  Mason  cash-keeper  to  Mr.  M'Corquodale,  to  deposit  at  the  Newtoi  Savings'  Bank.  The  prisoner  was  arrested  at  the  Birken  head  Railway  Station  with  most  of  the  money  on  his  persoi  —X2O  in  five  pound  Bank  of  England  notes,  - STYLE=superscript  the  rest  ii  gold.  He  had  bought  a  pair  of  trowsers  and  vest  with  thi  balance.  The  prisoner  stated  that  he  was  going  to  see  hi  friends  in  Dublin,  and  meant  to  return  the  money.  Mr  M'Corquodale  said  he  was  very  unwilling  to  press  the  charge  The  magistrates,luwever,  expressed  an  opinion  to  the  effect  that  there  was  no  alternative  but  to  proceed  with  the  case  ;  from  the  evidence  now  before  them.  Nevertheless,  the)  would  remand  the  case  for  seven  days.  PICKING  THE  POCKET  OF  A  DETECTIVE  OFFICER  !—ln !—lnspector  spector !—lnspector  Bates,  of  the  detective  force,  brought  up  Patrick  Colman,  whom  he  charged  with  picking  his  pocket  on  Sun Sunday  day Sunday  evening,  in  London-road.  Complainant,  who  found  the  fellow's  hand  in  his  pocket,  had  been  watching  him  for  twenty  minutes  previously.  He  had  been  once  before  committed  for  two  months,  and  was  now  'Committed  for  three  months.  DRVGGING  A  GENTLEMAN'S  BEER.--The  Scotch  gentle gentleman,  man, gentleman,  whose  case  we  detailed  the  other  day,  has  since  gone  to  Philadelphia  '  and  did  not  appear  yesterday,  w  h  en  J  os  h  ua  Grimshaw  and  John  Morgan  were  put  forward,  charged  with  drugging  him  and  robbing  him  of  £lO,  a  gold  watch,  and  gold  pen.  Grimshaw  had  been  s  i  nce  t  a  k  en  in  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  by  officer  62.  In  default  of  the  gentleman  making  his  appearance,  prisoners  were  not  sent  for  trial,  but  the  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  gave  them  three  months  each.  •  THE  CASE  OF  STABBING  A  POLICE-OFFlCER.—Yesterday,  the  officer,  William  Laycock,  who  was  stabbed  yesterday  week,  in  Boundary-street,  was  able  to  appear.  David  Urwin,  the  beer-seller,  was  put  forward,  charged  w  ith  th  e  cu  tti  ng  ,  wounding,  and  maiming  of  prosecutor,  who  ideritified  the  prisoner.  A  medical  man  swore  that  one  of  the  three  stabs  was  within  a  finger's  breadth  of  an  artery,  which,  if  opened,  would  have  been  a  fatal  wound.  Other  witnesses  deposed  to  pickiiig  up  the  hurt  officer  ;  finding  his  cap,  &amp;c.  The  prisoner  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  assizes.  STEALING  SHOES  .  IN  THE  NIGHT  ASYLUM.—.Malachi  llforan  and  PhoMas  BrOwn  Were  charged  by  the  master  of  ;he  Night  Asylum  with  selling  their  pass-tickets  for  Ireland,  .  _  which  they  had  gOt  from  the  magistrates,  for  sixpence  each,  and  also  for  Stealin  a  pair  of  shoes,  the  property  of  a  fellow  inmate.  They  has'  climbed  over  the  . STYLE=superscript  wall,  and  for  a  time  escaped,  but  officer  407  was  strict  in  his  search  and  arrested  the  ungrateful  vagabonds.  The  master  said,  when  shoes  were  stolen,  he  furnished  the  sufferers  with  others  out  of  his  'own  Pocket,  sooner  than  let  them  out  bare-footed.  The  magistrate  said  it  was  a  horrible  case  when  poor  and  destitute  persons  thus  robbed  each  other.  They  should  have  three  months  each.  ANOTHER.  YANKEE  STRIPPED.—Bridget  O'Brien  was  charged  by  Jain  Meagher,  an  American  sailor,  with  h  av  i  ng  robbed  him.  The  complainant  stated,  .that  he  met  the  prisoner  at  half-past  two  on  Saturday  evening,  and  went  to  drink'  with  her,  when  she  extracted  from  one  of  those  safety  buckskin  belts,  one  sovereign  and  twenty-five  dollars.  The  prisoner  was  defended  by  Mr.  Bluck,  who  procured  her  discharge,  by  eliciting  from  prosecutor  in  cross-examination,  that  he  was  drunk  at  the  time  and  could  not  be  trust trustworthy  worthy trustworthy  evidence.  ROiDERY  OF  MoNEY.—John  Sagar,  a  gentleman  desorib-  Ig  himself  as  from  the  Cheshire  but  who  would  of  give  his  address,  charged  Mary  Murphy  with  taking  :11  10s.  from  his  person  in  Duke-street.  His  evidence  was  uite  conclusive,  and  prisoner  having  been  committed  three  mes  before,  was  now  sentenced  to  two  months'  imprison-  Lent.  A  QUEER  PosmoN.—Constantine  Koetath  and  Collis  Spells,  who  said  they  were  Greeks,  were  charged  by  officer  370  with  being,  about  two  o'clock  on  yesterday  morning,  on  the  top  of  a  house  in  Hanover-street,  belonging  to  Mr.  Drillsman,  Watchmaker.  The  officer  stated  that  both  prison prisoners  ers prisoners  were  sober  at  the  time  (they  pleaded  drunkenness  as  an  excuse)..  They  were  remanded  until  the  Greek  Consul  could  be  communicated  with.  LARCENY.—Catherine  Brien  was  charged  with  pledging  a  waistcoat,  stolen  from  the  house  in  which  she  was  in  service  •  .s.  , STYLE=superscript  SO  in  Waterloo-road.  The  prisoner  was  fined  3s.  6d.,  the  value  of  the  article.  and  205.,  or  be  imprisoned  for  14  days.  CHARGE  Or  PERJURY.--  Winifred  Howard,  who  had  been  committed  by  the  coroner  on  Saturday,  was  put  before  the  bench,  charged  on  the  testimony  of  Mr.  Blake,  the  beadle  of  the  coroner's  court.  The  evidence  was,  that  she  represented  and  swore  that  she  was  the  wife  of  the  late  Captain  Webster,  when  in  truth  she  was  not  so.  Another  woman  had  appeared,  and  proved  that  she,  and  she  only,  stood  in  that  relation  to  deceased.  Mr.  Owen  defended  the  prisoner,  and  the  magis magistrate  trate magistrate  ultimately  discharged  the  prisoner,  considering  that  the  evidence  was  not  sufficiently  conclusive.  such  a  calamity.  For,  in  the  first  place,  the  North  had  no  reprisals  to  offer,  and  therefore  there  could  be  no  retaliation.  In  addition,  the  North  was  in  itself  impregnable  ;  for  what  ambition  could  be  so  mad  as  to  attempt  to  conquer  in  these  regions.  With  ambition,  in  itself  .a  fever,  you  could  , STYLE=superscript  not  lay  down  any  ru  l  es  ,  an  d  th  ere  had  been  conquerors  who  attempted  it  ;  but  from  the  very  first  to  the  very  last,  from  the  great  Cyrus  down  to  Napoleon,  they  might  observe  as  a  rule,  that  no  conqueror  '  - STYLE=superscript  no  soldier,  had  ever  a  tt  em  pt  e  d  t  o  l  ea  d  his  troops  to  the  North  but  who  had  failed,  accomplishing  only  the  destruction  of  his  army,  and  the  prestige  of  his  name..  In  ancient  history  they  had  one  or  two  instances  of  attempts  of  the  south  to  attack  the  north,  and  they  illustrated  merely  that  which  was  illustrated  in  the  later  history  of  Napoleon,  in  going  against  Russia.  The  lecturer  then  narrated  the  ori origin  gin origin  and  result  of  the  expeditions  of  Cyrus  and  Darius  against  the  Scythians,  and  how  their  innumerable  troops  were  de destroyed,  stroyed, destroyed,  as  those  of  Napoleon  were,  by  the  poverty,  of  the  country  and  the  rigour  of  the  climate.  It  was  a  very  curious  fact,  and  a  very  prophetic  remark  of  the  greatest  of  ancient  historians,  Thucidides,  that  if  the  Scythians  were  united,  they  would  be  the  greatest  and  most  powerful  of  all  peoples.  In  ancient  times  they  never  were  united,  but  it  so  happened  'since  the  Christian  era,  they'  had  been  united  under  one  power  five  different  times.  There  had  been  five  different  'Tartar  or  Scythian  empires.  The  first  was  that  of  Atilla  and  the  Huns,  the  second  was  Zangis  and  his  Tartars;  the  third  was  Timour,  or  Tamer Tamerlane,  lane, Tamerlane,  and  his  Mongols,  the  fourth  was  the  Turks,  and  the  - STYLE=superscript  fifth  'was  the  Russians.  What  more  remarkable  in  those  '  five  empires,  was,  that  as  time  had  been  going  on,  they  had  been  more  powerful,  and  more  civilized,  (though  none  of  them  were  really  civilized,)  than  the  one  before  it  ;  and  another  remarkable  thing  was  they  had  all  been  the  enemies  of  the  church.  The  two  first  were  simple  Pagans,  Attilla  and  Zangis.  Timour  was  a  Mahomedau  ;  the  Turks  were  Mahomedans,  and  the  Russians  belonged  to  the  Greek  Church.  Each  of  those  empires  was  more  lasting  than  that  which  went  before  it.  Attilla's  power  died  with  himself;  Zangi's  extended  to  his  grandchildren.  Timour  founded  an  empire,  which  existed  to  the  middle  of  the  last  cen century,  tury, century,  when  the  English  superseded  it,  Delhi  was  his  capital.  The  Turks  were  a  most  remarkable  race,  augmenting,  and  springing  up  in  a  most  wonderful  way,  when  they  appeared  to  be  almost  destioyed,  Russia  was  composed  of  numerous  Tartar  races,  and  it  was  remakable  in  this  respect  ;  th  e  y  h  a  d  t  h  e  force,  ferocity,  and.  energy  of  barbarians  in  the  subject,  with  refineme  n  t  and.  civilization  in  the  rulers—those  five  empires  had  been  all  enemies  of  the  church,  and  one  after  the  other  had  been  more  powerful  than  the  one  , STYLE=superscript  before.—  (Loud  applause  fol followed  lowed followed  the  conclusion  of  the  Lecture.)  The  Rev.  Mr.  NUDE  Tr  then  briefly  addressed  the  audience,  informing  them  that  the  same  tickets  would  do  for  the  next  lecture.  He  sincerely  thanked  the  Catholics  of  Liverpool  for  their  aid  in  supporting  the  Institute,  and  observed  that  the  sole  object  of  its  sstablishment  was  to  provide  rational  and  innocent  amusement  for  the  Catholic  young  men  of  the  town.  This  w  ou  ld  b  e  hi  s  d  uty,  and  he  hoped  to  be  success-  ,  ful  in  it.  (Applause.)"
