text
"from  15,000  to  20,000  men  will  be  kept  in  readiness  at  Malta,  occupy  Greece,  if  that  country  should  attempt  anything  against  the  The  correspondent  of  the  Trieste  Z  eitung  says  The  Russian  expedition  to  Khiva  has  at  - STYLE=superscript  length  opened  the  eyes  of  the  English  gentlemen-  here;  and  they  no  longer  take  the  trouble  to  con conceal  ceal conceal  their  hostility  towards  M.  de  Bruck  has  again  promised  that  Austria  will  re remain  main remain  neutral,  if  no  fugitives  are  employed  in  Europe.  Austria  has  given  the  Porte  tranquillizing  assu assurances  rances assurances  in  respect  to  Montenegro.  A  deputation  from  Afghanistan  has  appeared  at  Teheran,  and  invited  •Persia,  in  case  of  war  between  Russia  and  Turkey,  to  espouse  the  cause  of  the  latter.  It  is  added  that  the  invitation  was  couched  in  lan language  guage language  which  made  it  very  like  an  order.  A  hatti hattisherif  sherif hattisherif  of  the  Sultan,  which  was  read  at  the  Grand  Divan,  at  which  his  majesty  presided,  has  caused  the  greatest  enthusiasm.  The  monarch  expressed  in  it  the  pleasure  he  felt  at  the  firmness  of  his  mi ministers  nisters ministers  and  the  loyalty  of  his  people,  and  declared  that  if  the  war  was  not  at  an  end  before  the  spring  he  would  gird  on  the  sword  of  his  fathers,  and  place  himself  at  the  head  of  the  army.  The  new  Greek  Patriarch  at  Constantinople  has  presented  a  most  fulsome  address  to  the  Sultan.  The  Russian  government  has  appointed  a  governor  for  the  two  Danubian  Principalities.  A  deputation  from  Affghanistan  had  arrived  at  Teheran  with  an  invitation  that,  in  the  event  of  a  war  between  Turkey  and  Russia,  Persia  should  take  part  in  the  contest  against  the  latter  country.  This  requisition  was  framed  very  categorically,  and  accompanied  by  a  threat  is  case  of  refusal.  The  Gazette,  of  Darmstadt,  gives  the  communica communications  tions communications  made  by  Austria  and  Prussia  to  the  Germanic  Diet.  After  announcing  the  extent  to  which  he  pro proposes  poses proposes  to  disarm,  the  emperor  says  that  he  has  no  intention  to  take  part  in  the  hostilities  between  Turkey  and  Russia.  On  the  contrary,  he  has  chosen  the  present  moment  for  effecting  a  partial  disarma disarmament,  ment, disarmament,  in  order  to  give  a  new  guarantee  of  his  pacific  sentiments;  and  of  his  confidence  in  the  amicable  termination  of  the  dispute  ;  and  that  his  govern government  ment government  ventures  to  encourage  and  to  express  the  hope  that  its  attitude,  and  the  tendency  of  its  policy,  will  find,  in  the  deliberate  judgment  of  the  other  governments  of  Germany,  such  an  appreciation  as  will  tranquillise  their  anxieties.  In  conclusion,  the  emperor  trusts  that  they  will  give  him  their  effective  support  and  assistance.  The  Prussian  envoy  expressedithe  same  sentiments.  The  leading  Vienna  newspapers,  the  Lloyd,  the  Ost,  Deutsche  Post,  and  the  Wanderer,  have  all  ar articles  ticles articles  bitterly  complaining  of  the  conduct  of  Russia,  which,  considering  the  influence  of  the  govern government  ment government  over  journals  in  that  capital,  may  be  taken  as  significant  of  the  feeling  of  Austria.  FRANCE.  PARIS,  Tuesday  Evening.—There  are  reports  to today  day today  of  another  victory  of  the  Turks  on  the  7th  or  Bth  ;  but  as  the  letters  from  Vienna  of  the  11th  give  accounts  from  Bucharest  of  the  9th,  in  which  it  is  stated  that  nothing  had  taken  place  since  the  affair  of  Oltenitza,  they  were  not  believed.  The  tone  of  the  persons  who  surround  the  em emperor  peror emperor  has  become  very  warlike,  but  it  appears  that,  with  the  exception  of  a  few  after-dinner  phrases  by  the  emperor  to  military  men,  his  language  is  so  pacific  as  to  cause  great  mortification  to  the  gentlemen  of  his  court,  who  are  clamorous  for  war.  Up  to  the  present  hour  no  orders  have  been  given  at  the  Ministry  of  War  which  would  seem  to  indicate  an  intention  of  sending  troops  to  Turkey,  but  I  am  positively  assured  that  every  arrangement  has  been  made  for  transporting.  28,000  men,  if  General  Baraguay  d'Hilliers  should  inform  the  government  that  this  measure  is  ne necessary  cessary necessary  towards  the  security  of  the  Ottoman  ter territory.  ritory. territory.  A  naval  engineer  of  the  first  class  at  Toulon  has  been  ordered  to  hold  himself  in  readi readiness  ness readiness  to  proceed,  with  vessels  recently  built,  to  the  different  ports  of  Algeria,  to  report  upon  their  capability  for  the  transport  of  troops.  Avowedly  these  vessels  are  to  convey  troops  to  Algeria  ;  but  may  it  not  be  intended  that  they  should  take  others  from  Algeria  to  Turkey,  if  the  war  between  that  country  and  Russia  should  be  prolonged?"
