text
"_....  ...,.....  TH  themERPRESS  PRINTERS  OF  LIVERPOOL  deem  it  incumbent  upon  at  the  profession,  to  addr  -  .  .  pre.ent  important  period  in  the  history  ,f  their  in  endeavouring  ess  you,  „...-  to  uphold  the  .i4hts  of  labour,  It  is  to  be  regretted  that  we  have  au  ong  tht  pool.  men  who,  in  dealing  with  those  in  their  empiu),  ~..,......_  Trade  Regulation,  whilst,  on  the  other  hand,  viey  profess,  through  the  medium  et'  the  newspapers  rinten  by  them,  to  be  the  strenuous  npholders  of  the  true  interests  P STYLE=superscript  of  he  sons  of  toil.  men  by  th  ir  actions.  and  not  by  the  utterance  thy  m  A STYLE=superscript  a  s STYLE=superscript  y  w STYLE=superscript  gi  e STYLE=superscript  v  j STYLE=superscript  e  u STYLE=superscript  t  d STYLE=superscript  o  g STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  er  -  tat STYLE=superscript  ty  sentiments,  we  rLspeel,  1  ---11 STYLE=superscript  .  1 STYLE=superscript  Y  ake  this  appeal  to  our  fel'ocv fel'ocv,orkmen,  ,orkmen, fel'ocv,orkmen,  and  cali  up  m  thern  to  sluew  their  utter  contempt  of  such  itypocritica  cant,  by  ceasing  to  the  subjoined  list,  purchase  newspapers  not  found  in  We  feel  confident  that  by  adoritin  the  course  we  recommend,  you  can  afford  us  invaluable  aid,  irt  our  endeavours  to  overthrow  that  power  which  s=eas  to  reduce  the  members  of  our  profession  to  the  condi  , STYLE=superscript  ion  o'  serfs.  Our  hope  Is  that  on  will  .  ( STYLE=superscript  propositio  n  ,  the  Propriety  of  cheerfully  acceding  1-. STYLE=superscript  a STYLE=superscript  'antch  .  iti  icsritrlltekelffiipint  yotrto  make..  Soy  sacrifice,  neither  debar  yo.lfrsm  purchasing,  at  a  cheap  rate,  the  i  t  t  iewa  of  the  day  ;  for  in  the  list  appended  hereto  roo  .  is  s.,ennfor  selection,  the  of  which.  we  have  pleasure  anc  T  ,  „ni  it.  act  up  to  the  Rules  that  we  have  adopted  for  our  guidance,  and  are  t STYLE=superscript  herefore  th  of  your  warmest  support,  which  trust  yo  u  .-  t  ,  .  .  vror  y  wwul  willingly  give.  ad  p  te  have  on  former  occasions  called  your  attention  to  the  .  course  to  ci STYLE=superscript  tb  0  - STYLE=superscript  .!  by  some  Trade  and  Benefit  Societies,  in  giving  their  work  tits  e  7employers  who  pay  very  low  wages,  or  employ  boy  labour  in  stat  e  xetution  of  their  work.  We  are  not  ignorant  of  the  favourite  re  Meat  used  by  many  of  the  working  classes  with  regard  to  .  this  atter,  that  the  work  so  done  is  at  a  cheap  rate.  This  we  consider  a STYLE=superscript  falla  ehe  Y.  inasmuch  as  inferiority  of  workmanship  is  no  roof  of  hideraPn.  But  supposlty  , STYLE=superscript  such  to  be  the  case  we  ask  outy  o  con conby  by conby  hot, STYLE=superscript  Many  of  your  fellow  -workmen  you  are  causing  to  suffer  an  endeavour  to  save  a  trifling  sum;  and  further,  the  amount  of  '  u STYLE=superscript  PPort  advanceinyoeuntive  to  those  employers  who  are  antagonistic  to  our  Resp  ee  trldly  calling  your  careful  attention  to  the  foregoing,  We  remain  on  behalf  of  the  Trade,  JOSEPH  ASHTON,  President.  WILLIAM  GOODIER,  Vice-President,  \VILLIASI  JONES,  Secretary."
