text
"SATURDAY  EVENING  CONCERTS.  The  concert-hall,Lord  Nelson-street,  in  which  these  popu popular  lar popular  evening  amusements  for  the  working  classes  are  weekly  held,  was  most  numerously  attended  on  the  evening  of  Satur  day  last,  the  mayor,  J.  B.  Lloyd,  Esq.,  having  expressed expressedhis  his expressedhis  intention  of  presiding.  Every  part  of  the  hall  was  most  densely  thronged,  and  on  the  platform  were  Mr.  W.  Rath Rathbone,  bone, Rathbone,  Mr.  Parr,  Mr.  Caine,  and  several  other  gentlemen.  The  artistes  were  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Scarisbrick,  the  Misses  \Vemyss,  and  Mr.  Ryalls.  The  programme  contained  a  well  selected  assortment  of  songs  and  trios.  Each  piece  was  en encored,  cored, encored,  the  singers  invariably  substituting  another  piece  which  as  usual  was  as  pleasing  as  the  first,  and  it,  would  be  an  act  of  injustice  were  we  to  refrain  from  particu particularising  larising particularising  the  Sally  in  our  Alley,'  ; STYLE=superscript  and  the  Maid  of  Kil 'Kildare,by'  Mr.  Ryalls,  and  the  now  popular  song  of  the  backed 'Lowbacked'  by  Mr.  Scarisbrick,  which  were  most  credit creditably  ably creditably  sung  by  those  two  gentlemen,  and  were  warmly  applauded.  In  the  course  of  the  evening,  Mr.  Rathbone  craved  the  indulgence  of  the  audience  for  Mrs.  Scarisbrick,  who  was  labouring  under  a  severe  cold.  During  the  interval  which  takes  place  between  the  first  and  second  parts,  Mr.  CAINE,  after  alluding  to  a  former  speech  he  had  made  at  one  of  the  evening  concerts,  condemnatory  of  the  free  concerts,  and  their  effect  upon  the  morals—not  only  upon  the  morals  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  town,  but  also  upon  the  visitors  from  the  neighbouring  localities  who  frequented  them,  which  assertion  he  was  ready  to  prove—proposed  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chief  magistrate  for  his  kindness  in  taking  the  chair  that  evening,  saying  that  that  gentlemen  had  not  only  shown  his  desire  to  promote  their  evening's  amusement,  but  had  given  a  substantial  proof  of  his  desire  to  promote  their  objects,  by  giving  a  donation  of  £5.  Mr.  RATILBONE,  who,  on  coming  forward  was  most  enthu enthusiastically  siastically enthusiastically  greeted,  said  it  was  very  charming  for  au  old  than,  who  had  passed  most  of  his  time,  and  whose  actions  were  well  known,  to  be  thus  received  by  his  fellow-townsmen.  He  felt  it  his  duty  to  accompany  the  chief  magistrate,  as  he  had  been  accustomed  to  do,  on  that  occasion  ;  and  he  felt  c  0..-  siderable  pleasure  in  seconding  the  motion  which  had  beta  made.  He  knew  how  that  motion  would  be  received.  F  many  years  the  chief  magistrates,  for  the  time,  being  had  visited  these  concerts,  and  it  was  nearly  the  first  placp  th  did  come  to.  They  went  there  not  to  meet  one  clas,  but  to  meet  all  classes  ;  and  the  chief  magistrate,  by  being  present  that  evening,  proved  by  so  doing,  that  he  was.  the  chief  magistrate  of  all  the  town,  and  not  the  chief  magistrate  of  a  class.  He  was  there  to  promote  the  concerts;  being  convinced  that  prevention  was  better  than  punishment.  Having  briefly  pointed  out  the  benefits  and  ^omfor'.s  which  would  result  from  the  working  classes  generally  atteridi  g  these  concerts,  as  music  had  a  tendency  to  soften  the  inci incisions  sions incisions  of  mankind,  he  concluded  by  seconding  the  motion,  and  in  the  words  of  the  poet,  by  wishing  them  farewell.  Mr.  J.  B.  LLOYD,  who  was  warmly  received,  having  thanked  Mr.  Caine,  and  Mr.  Rathbone,  for  the  handsome  manner  in  which  they  had  proposed  the  vote  of  thanks,  said  he  could  assure  the  meeting,  that  on  no  occasion  did  he.ever  experience  more  pleasure  that  at  the  present.  He  quite  agreed  with  the  observations  made  by  his  friend  Mr  Rath  -  bone,  that  however  angry  a  husband  might  be,  or  w  atever  difficulties  he  might  have  to  contend  with  during  the  week,  it  must  be  beneficial  to  him  to  attend  the  Saturday'evening  concerts,  as  he  fully  believed  that  music  had  a  tendency  to  sooth,  calm  and  quiet,  the  mind  of  man,  and  after  being  present  on  that  occasion  would  feel  themselves  much  better  qualified  to  attend  to  the  important  duties  of  the  sabbath.  It  was  not  only  on  the  present  occasion  that  he  had  experi experienced  enced experienced  much  pleasurein  attending  the  meeting,  for  he  felt  mu  h  satisfaction  in  seeing  how  numerously  they  were  at attended,  tended, attended,  and  what  gratification  they  afforded  his  fellow-towns fellow-townsmen  men fellow-townsmen  which  was  a  proof  that  the  town  was  then  reaping  the  benefit  of  their  establishment.  He  had  only  to  re  Bret  that  his  predecessor  in  office  was  not  present  that  evening,  and  he  could  assure  the  meeting  that  he  was  only  prevented  by  unforseen  circumstances.  Had  he  been  present  he  would  have  given  them  an  able  address  which  he  was  so  capable  of  doing,  and  he,  (the  Mayor)  only  regretted  that  the  mantel  of  his  eloquence  had  not  fallen  on  his  shoulders.  He  as assured  sured assured  them  that  in  any  way  he  could  promote  the  happiness  of  the  working  classes  it  would  be  his  pleasure  to  do  so  in  the  best  way  he  could.  In  conclusion,  he  begged  to  say,  that  having  for  some  years  hecu  connected  with  the  ward  in  which  the  building  they  were  then  in  was  situated  he  should  be  ungrateful  if  he  did  not  do  his  utmost  to  promote  its  interests  and  the  interests  and  well  being  of  the  town  in  general.  Mr.  PARR,  on  being  loudly  called  for  came  forward  and  briefly  addressed  the  meeting,  as,uring  it  that  he  felt  much  pleasure  in  attending,  and  would  do  so  more  frequently.  A  most  agreeable  evening's  amusement  was  concluded  with  God  save  the  REFO  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  SlR,—After  reading  the  remarks  in  your  paper  of  the  14th  inst.,  on  prostitution,  being  impressed  with  the  importance  of  the  subject,  on  conr,uitir  g  with  some  friends,  we  agreed  •  as  - STYLE=superscript  to  the  duty  and  necessity  of  the  clergy  and  office-bearers  of  all  the  Protestant  congregations  in  town  taking  up  the  matter.  In  the  first  instance,  they  might  meet  together  to  consult  as  to  the  best  plan  to  be  adopted  for  preventing,  as  far  as  possible,  and  reclaiming  those  who  have  fallen.  It  must  be  painful  to  hear  of,  and-witness  the  most  disgraceful  scenes  in  our  streets,  and  to  know  that.  so  little  has  been  done  by  our  civil  authorities  and  clergy  to  counteract  such  wickedness.  It  appears  as  if  none,  cared  for  the  souls  of  these  females;  Trusting  that  you  have  now  brought  this  cryipv,  evil  so  pointedly  before  the  public,  something  will  be  done  effectually  by  united,  prudent,  and  energerc  means,  I  remain,  yours,  &amp;c.  Liverpool,  17th  Dec.,  1853  J.  W  The  Master-General•  of  the  Ordnance  has  apioint^d  Lieut-Colonel  the  Hon.  Robert  E.  Boyle,  Cold..tre  II  :-  Guard,  to  .be  his  secretary,  in  the  room  of  Captain  Lord  Clarence  Paget,  R.N.,  resigned.  AUSTRALIAN  EMIGRATION.-SOUTHAMPTON  '  Dec.  16.  The  ship  Hooghly,  of  500  tons;  belonging  to  Messrs.  .7,1111-  shall  and  Eldridge,  of  London,  sailed  yesterday  (Thurs (Thursday)  day) (Thursday)  for  Portland  Bay,  having  embarked  202  statute  adult  emigrants  from  the  government  depot  at  this  port.  The  Hooghly  was  despatched  by  Messrs.  Dawson  al  , STYLE=superscript  :d  Arrow.  A  lady  has  died  in  London  of  eating  calomel  lozenges.  AUSTRALIAN  EMIGRATION.—An  action  of  damages  has  been  maintained  in  London  against  Sir  George  Hodgkinson  and  Co.,  for.  passage  money  paid  by  a  lady  proceeding  to  Australia,  but  who,  subsequently  to  the  period  advertised  for  the  sailing  of  the  ship,  had  married.  The  vessel  did  not  sail  at  the  appointed  time.  Verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  '  SUNDAY  SAILING  IN  THE  CLYDE.—On  Thursday  last  the  Court  of  Session  of  Scotland,  gave  judgment  in  _this  cause—a  pursuit  taken  by  Sir  James  Colquhoun,  to  inter interdict  dict interdict  the  owners  of  different  eteamers  plying  out  of  Glasgow,  from  landing  pgssengers  on  any  of  his  piers  on  the  Gareloch.  The  public  is  aware  of  the  means  taken  to  prevent  these  Sunday  excursions,  and  the  disturbances  which  folllowed.  The  Lord  Justice  Clerk  in  giving  judgment  in  favour  of  the  pursued,  stated  that  there  was  no  law  to  prevent  travelling  on  Sundays,  or  to  shut  up  piers,  harbours,  or  highways  on  the  Sunday,  and  held  that  Sir  J.  Colquhoun's  piers  must  be  taken  as  public,  having  been  used  by  the  public.  RUSSIAN  SHIPS.—PUNISHMENT.—Mr.  James  Cook,  pilot,  who  piloted  the  Russian  corvette  Navarin  from  Portsmouth  and  back,  denies  the  statement  that  several  men  were  hung  on  board  during  her  absence  from  port.  He  declares  no  such  thing  occurred.  The  same  party  states  that  he  piloted  the  Aurora,  Russian  frigate  from  Portsmouth,  anrthat  no  pu punishment  nishment punishment  took  place  on  board  of  her  during  the  period  he  was  on  board.  It  had  been  stated  that.six  men  were  hanged  on  board  before  she  was  cleared  off  the  land.  It  will  be  ob•  served  he  does  not  deny  there  was  punishment  on  board  the  corvette,  but  only  that  there  was  no  hanging.  A  CHILD  BURNED  TO  DEATH.  —Oll  Saturday,  an  inquest  was  held  on  the  body  of  a  child,  the  son  of  a  tailor  living  in  Levett-street,  Toxteth  Park,  named  McNaff,  a  few  days  previous  the  child  was  left  in  a  low  room,  when  it  was  soon  heard  to  call  out,  and  upon  its  parents  going  to  see  what  was  the  matter,  they  found  it  enveloped  in  flames.  The  child  said  there  was  a  stick  in  the  fire,  took  it  up  and  set  my  pinny  on  The  child  lingered  for  a  few  days  and  died.  The  parents  of  the  child  said  in  answer  to  the  Coro Coroner—my  ner—my Coroner—my  child  was  in  a  burial  club,  and  I  expect  to  get  255.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  of  accidental  death.  DEATH  OF  THE  COUNTESS  OF  EGLINGTON.—It  is  OUT  painful  duty  to  chronicle  the  death  of  the  Right  Honour Honourable  able Honourable  the  Countess  of  Eglington,  at  Eglington  Castle,  ca  3  1  y  yesterday  morning.  Scarcely  three  weeks  ago  her  ladyship  became  alarmingly  indisposed,  suffering  from  a  dangerous  fever,  which  she  passed  favourably  through,  and  had  almost  been  restor  d  to  her  wonted  health,  when  she  was  suddenly  deprived  of  the  power  of  one  of  her  arms.  Since  the  latest  attack,  the  noble  patient  did  not  appear  to  be  in  such  a  critical  state  as  to  warrant  any  apprehension  of  the  malady  terminating  fatally,  her  constitution  not  having  sustained  any  material  shock.  Her  demise  was  thus  alarmingly  sud sudden  den sudden  and  unexpected  ;  its  proximate  cause  being  stated  , STYLE=superscript  to  he  heart  disease.  The  news  of  the  melancholy  event  created  a  very  painful  sensation  yesterday  afternoon  throughout  the  city,  which  universally  sympathises  with  the  noble  earl  in  his  afflicting  bereavement.  In  Ayrshire  the  memory  of  the  countess  will  be  more  particularly  cherished  with  gratitude  and  respect,  as  she  endeared  herself  to  all  classes  in  the  country  by  her  unreserved  affability  and  christian  bern bernvolence.  volence. bernvolence.  The  deceased  lady  was  married  to  the  Earl  , STYLE=superscript  of  Eglington  in  1841,  at  which-  period  she  was  the  widow  of  Richard  Howe  Cockerel,  Esq.,  and  leaves  issue  by  her  second,  union,  four  children.—  North  British  Mail  of  Saturday.  •  P3_TB00044 )  0,1  9 STYLE=superscript  our,  P3_TB00045 the  i  ter  ) STYLE=superscript  Le  o',  P3_TB00046 tbi  t STYLE=superscript  beo  ad  1'  P3_TB00047 (  It,  like',  P3_TB00048 ?r•  )00  r  P3_TB00049 5  for  1 STYLE=superscript  10  011) STYLE=superscript  Jae  P3_TB00050 L  tll  leer  ° STYLE=superscript  )out  P3_TB00051 13.  fi  f STYLE=superscript  akeP,,t,f  P3_TB00052 s  g  i°' STYLE=superscript  t  eft°  be  t  P3_TB00053 ,  ep  os  lie  life  ] STYLE=superscript  he  Cal'"
