text
"(BEFORE  MR;  T.  BOLTON.)  49  13 STYLE=superscript  P1NG-,445  EsttGR4NT.--.  , STYLE=superscript  Thomas  Cunningham,  an  Irish-..emigrant,  hound:  for  .Melbourne,  charged  Mary  DOnnePy,  'a  servant  'the  '.boarding-horise  of  John  M6'll,  Stewart-lereetdii  siiipicion  of  having  stolen  43,  from,  him.,  It  appeared  that  the  complainant  and  biS  wife  stopped  at  the  house  in  question,  and  on  Thurs Thursday  day Thursday  iriOrtiiiim  be  Went  out,  leaving.  t STYLE=superscript  his  purse,  Which  coritained,the  ,money.,  under  the  pillow  of  the  bed..  The  prisoner  during  his  absence  made  the  bed,  and  in  an  hour  after,-the  Mari  missed  his  money,  arid  returned  Vie,,Kisoner  said  she  heard  something  like  •a.  Witch  under  - STYLE=superscript  the'  tied  when  making  it,  but  She  denied  having  seen  the  money.  Mr.  Illuek,  who  appearedyfor  the  priSaner,  cross-exatnined  the  Witness,  - STYLE=superscript  aneelleited  the  fact,  that,  be•  wae,  out  late  at  night  at  singinghopses,  and  this  s.tiewested  that  he  might  have  lost  the-  money  out  of  the  house.  -  Mr.  Black  also  proved  - STYLE=superscript  thai:the  other  personspyrother  and  sister)  emigrants,  sleptin.theToom  f  and  that  other'  persons  had  free:  •  access  to,  the  'apart 'apartment,  ment, 'apartment,  and  such  .doubt  was  raised  in  his  Worship's  mind,  that  he  discharged  the  prisoner.  •  INGRATITUDE.—CharIes  'Williams,  a  mason,  was  charged  with  having  itolen  a  dozen  bottles  of  peculiar  and  valuable  sherry  wine,from  the  cellar  of  Dr.  Formby,  13,  -Pilgrim=street:  Detective  Sullivan  said  he  made  inquiry,  when  he  heard  of  the  loss  of  the,  wine,  and  he  fopiid  the  iiriSciner  had  been  working  in  the  doctor's  stable;  stopping  •nitholeS,  and  wanting  some  old  glass,  he  went  into  theltellar;  Whereshe  found  a  hamper  con  taining_  sixteen  'bottles  of  wine,  that  had  ibeen,,sent  in  .from  the  country  for  Christmas.  He  took  just  a  dozen.  One.of  the  bottles  half  full,  Was  'found  in  'the  stable,  and  in  his  house  in  a  cupboard,  .t  4  ofqcer-  discovered  tWo  more.  The  prisoner  then  'confessed  having  taken  it.  The  wine  was  at  once  recognised  by.thedoctor,  as  his'  properly;  .trom  its  .peculiar  quality,  He  (the  doctor)  thelprisenier's;  wife  had,formerly  resided  as  servant  in  his  family,  and  the  prisoner  had  worked  for  him  for  some  years  ;  he_  should  be  very  sorry.  to  have  the  man  punished;  although  he  .had  acted  very  ,wrong  indeed.  Mr.  Bolton  said,•ttle  ingratitude  of  the  prisoner  was  only  equalled  by  the  kindness  and  forgiveness  of  the  •  doctor.  The  prisoner  was  ordered  to  be  remanded.  'Ton  SitAnP.—John  Sharp,  who  described  himself  as  a  cattle  dealer,  residing  in  Low-hill,  charged  a  respectable  looking  young  man,  named  Thomas  Bainbridge,  with  having  broken  into  his  shippon,  and  for  having  stolen  a  cow  tbereout.  Mr.  Pemberton  appeared  for  the  prisoner.  shippon  \  hvruiiyais  e  )obrptne  :  ee,rrngr.  prosecutoriiltbo  ;broken  Witness:  ffikxielndno  co  e,oseyp  i  sl  n  ooe:  commenced  anyna,oy  men:  yesterday.  previous  hisrrhiele  whatever,va  s  co.  t  ou  o  ews  r  y  y  a  e  dealings  liex  s  na,cegl  f  ein,  o  np  l  lgt  l  s  wao  away.  tt  ;  br  a  e.  t  I  1 STYLE=superscript  sold  him  the  ccivv  'on  Saturday  last.  (Loud.  laughter.)  Mr.  Pemberton  :  And  von  had  not  delivered  it  to  him  before?  No.  ;  Then  ,you  aretoo  sharp  by  half.  Mr.  Bolton:  If  _.  •  its  ,- STYLE=superscript  court.  you  have  any  dist  1  must  g  Discharge  the  prisone  A  .10AD  LITTLE  BOY.  about  t  ,  named  Edward  Skis  keeper  lii-rodd,  w  th''whiCh  he  went  tq  anchest  Wiwi.  said  10  to  five  weeks  the  1  was  very  good—  in  the  la  to  his  .  book  and  religious  dut  unfortunately  his  praye  almost  brc  •,  and  had  Was  in  ga  The  bny  said  hE  mtlis,  for  stealin  apples:':  His  father  ,Ns'as  advised  to  lake  more  care  of  hiin  in  fv.tpre,  and  he  was  given  up  to.hirn.  THE  ;VALUE  Or  A  BAD  CHAitacme  person,  named  James  Brown,  was  ch  —A  well  dressed  constable  Jing  from  5 STYLE=superscript  45;  who  said  he  heard  a  noise  in  a  passage  liqt,  Scotland-road,to,  Ben4Ohnson  street,:and  .on  searching  the  *place  he  found  the  prisoner  concealed  in  a  dirk  door-way  ;  two  doriFsin  the  passage  were  open,  although  a.  short  time  before  they,we  re,  fastened  saf  e  ly.  H  e  k  new  the  prisoner  to  be  a.  very  bad  character  and  had  no  'doubt  he  was  about  to  commit.  a  felony.  Mr.  B_  luck  Was  for  the-prisoner;  . STYLE=superscript  an4  said  he  was  instructed  to  state  that  the  prisoner  was  out  at  a  and  that  he  was  going  home  through  the  passage,  smoking  a  pipe.  Mr.  Wybergh  said  the  prisoner  had  been  six  times  coin coinmitted;.arid  mitted;.arid coinmitted;.arid  twice  . STYLE=superscript  discharged;  He  wished  to  know  if  the  prisoner  &amp;mild  produce  any  witness  to  show  be  was  at  the  wake  but  this  could  ,riot  be  done.  He  was  sent  to  gaol  for  three  months.  Bnmtuous  CAS  S.—'l.le  following  were  disposed  of:—  Jane  'caln,.tewart-street,  for  illegal  trading,  acquitted.  George  Aspinall,  Atkinson  -street,  for  Sunday  trading,  ;fined  2s  6d,  and  2s  6d  ,costS.  William  Ashton,  Coiling Coilingwood-street,  wood-street, Coilingwood-street,  Sunday  trading,  acquitted.  Edward  Cope,  Albert-street;  for STYLE=superscript  doing  business  on  Christmas  day.  4.cquitted.  John  Boyd,  Lower  garrington-street,  for  a  like  offehce,.  acquitted:  , STYLE=superscript  lUmes  Yates  Brown,  Great  Horner-street,  for  Sunday  trading,  fined  .10s  and  costs.  John  Dixon,  Vauxha.ll-,road,  for.  refusing  to  admit  the  p  a  lice,  fined'  2s  6d  and  '2s  6d  costs.  Bridget  Hugh,  Wolfe=strcet,  Park,  for  trading  on  Christmas  day,  acquitted.  Margaret  blinston,•Duncan-street,  for  Sun Sundayvading,  dayvading, Sundayvading,  acquitted.  John  'Elliott,  Bond  -street,  for  Sunday  trailing,  acquitted.  John  Rorke,  Webster Websterstreet,  street, Websterstreet,  fined  5s  and  'costs.  PeLer.  Cattrell,  Park,  for  Sunday  trading,  fined  5s  and  costs.  Margaret  Rowell,  Dryden-street,  for  Sunday  trading,  acquitted.  (BEFDIVE  MR.  MANSFIELD.)  IPU,B  - STYLE=superscript  LICANS!,  CAsEs.--The  following  were  disposed  of  :  r  -•-George  Shand,  Peter-street.  for  Sunday  trading,  fined  etigtS.;  Munriee  D'Alton,  Great  flOward.:  'ktreet,  for  doing  busines  at.  prohibited  hours  on  Christmas  day,  fined  10s  and  lOs  costs.  Richard  Stizaker,  CreSshall-street,,eharged  for  selling  beer  at  illegal  hours,  dismissed.  •  '  •  '  .  .  ..  We  are  informed  that  the  East  India  .Coal  Company  obtained  its  certificate  of  complete  registration  under  the  Limited  Liability  Act  of  .1855,  on  the  27th  ult.  The  steam  engines  4nd  machinery  for  working  the  mines  on  a  large  scale  are  now  in  course  of  shipment  to  Calcutta.  The  receipts  of  the  London  and  Blackwall  railway  for  the  half  year  are  35,1927,  against  38,3291  for  the  correspon correspontlitig  tlitig correspontlitig  period  '  ending  Christmas,  1854.  It  is  stated  that  this  decrease  is  in  a  great  measure  due  to  the  transference  to  Portsmouth  of  much  of  the  business  connected  with  the  government  transport  service.  The  traffic  arisinz  from  the  New  Victoria  docks  Is  regarded  with  hopeful  anticipations  by  the  shareholders.  THE  EMBEZZLEMENTS  BY  A  SUPERINTENDENT  OF  PoiacE.--The  late  Superintendent  of  Police  at  South  Shields,  named  Buglass,  was  tried  at  the  Durham  Sessions  on  Monday  last  on  a  charge  of  having  fraudulently  em embezzled  bezzled embezzled  divers  sums  of  money,  the  monies  of  the  mayor,  aldermen,  and  burgesses  of  South  Shields.  The  jury,  in  returning  their  verdict  of  guilty,  recommended  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  to  mercy,  on  the  ground  that  had  previously  borne  - STYLE=superscript  a  good  character,  - STYLE=superscript  and  that  he  had  fallen  into  diffi.-  c4lies.”  The.  Chairman  sentenced  the  prisoner  to  one  year's  hard  labour.  •  Dirnot.Ani:—On  Tuesday  night  the  housekeeper  of  Mr  sland,  stationer  and  engraver,  Nos.  1  and  2  John  (  retiring  to  rest,  discOvered  three  men  in  the  Cell  immed  I  one  of  them,  1'  le  commenced,  during  which  uost  a(  blows  were  ,give  of  murder  now  began  to  a  one  of  whom  w  about  t  delivered  blo  ot  heavy  him  to  the  but  have  slue  Peen  taken  into  eustod  ruffians  decamped,"
