text
"THE  MURDER  NEAR  WINDSOR.  The  mysteries  of  this  affair  seems  clearing  up,  now  tha  the  police  are  on  the  track.  Several  little  things  have  been  found  out  serving  to  point  out  the  murderer.  The  excitement  in  the  neighbourhood  is  very  great.  Burn Burnham  ham Burnham  Abbey  Farm,  the  scene  of  the  murder,  has  been  visited  by  hundreds.  Indeed  since  the  murder  committed  by  Tawell  some  eight  years  ago  at  Slough,  about  two  miles  from  here,  nothing  approximating  to  the  horror  now  entertained  has  been  witnessed,  or  could  have  been  anticipated.  Notwithstanding  the  perfect  freedom  which  Haddo  (the  groom)  has  enjoyed  subsequent  to  the  discovery  of  the  burning  body  of  the  deceased,  the  suspicions  .of  the  man's  guilt  were  strong,  and  as  the  police  silently,  yet  minutely,  investigated  the  circumstances  attending  the  awful  occur occurrence,  rence, occurrence,  they  became  further  fortified.  Upon  the  police  taking  Haddo  into  custody  at  the  farm,  he  deported  him himself  self himself  in  a  manner  which,  to  their  experieneed  judgement  in  criminal  matters,  betrayed  the  insolence  of  a  person  study studying  ing studying  to  play  the  character  of  one  innocent  of  the  crime,  yet  betraying,  in  the  boldness  of  the  embodiment,  the  reverse  of  the  impression  that  a  consciousness  of  innocence  might  have  made.  The  prisoner  was  not  then  aware  of  the  mat matter  ter matter  in  possession  of  the  police,  nor  indeed,  is  he  at  this  =Aleut,  and  consequently  he  preserves  the  same  insolent  bearing  in  the  police  station  at  Eton,  where  he  is  now  un under  der under  remand.  The  superintendents,  acting  ,  upon  the  information  fur furnished  nished furnished  by  Mrs.  Bunce,  wife  of  the  foreman  of  Mr.  Goodwin's  farm,  of  the  deceased's  complaint  to  her  a  few  hours  before  the  murder,  of  the  offensiveness  of  Haddo  in  his  language,  gleaned  the  fact  of  the  young  woman  having,  on  the  night  prior  to  her  unhappy  death,  been  to  Burnham•village  to  post  some  letters,  and  of  her  being  accompanied  a  portion  of  the  distance  home  by  a  former  fellow  servant  named  John  Marsh,  of  Mills  Farm,  at  Brittle,  who  had  been  paying  her  some  attention,  and  whose  regards  were  reciprocated.  This  it  appears,  had  considerably  augmented  the  dissatisfaction  of  Haddo,  who  also  had  been  manifesting  • STYLE=superscript  an  affection  for  the  deceased,  who,  so  far  from  encoufaging  his  passion,  repulsed  him,  and,  indeed,  treated  his  advances  as  emanating  from  one  beneath  her  in  station,  she,  in  fact,  holdin  o  ,o•  the  position  of  housekeeper,  while  the  prisoner,  though  called  a  groom,  in  point  of  fact  only  performed  the  duties  of  stable  man,  and  was  of  a  disposition  far  from  calculated  to  impress  with  favour  a  young  woman  of  taste,  such  as  undoubtedly.  the  deceased  was  for  one  in  her  walk  of  life—a  fact  amply  testi testified  fied testified  by  the  little  matters  found  in  the  unfortunate  girl's  bed  room  subsequent  to  the  butchery  inflicted  upon  her.  The  police  having  satisfied  themselves  of  the  jealous  feel feeling  ing feeling  of  the  prisoner,  made  a  minute  examination  of  the  ' STYLE=superscript  li  t STYLE=superscript  e  had  been  in  and  discovered  that  on  the  night  of  the  murder  the  plate  was  not  removed,  convincing  them  that  no  burglar  had  committed  plate  t  e  e  n  etaatskhi.  atroci STYLE=superscript  ty.leeyn,  h  f  few  r  b  i  e  n  e  g  n  s  and  th  e  e  t  b  w  o  e  pencil  the  casesthere  w  a  smais  valuables  missed  y  her  quantity  master  It  was  also  perfectly  clear  to  them  removable.ne  t  for  their  intrinsic  The  he  p  li  e  w  e  ofratrht,hbe  further  discovered  s.  merely  cover  e  t  d  o  give  a  colouring  for  a  suspicion  of  robbery,  whereas,  if  ae STYLE=superscript  plunder  premises, STYLE=superscript  ithess STYLE=superscript  t  t  l  o  t  a  t  t  h  e  t  the  r  i  s  s  p  o  o  n  t  e  where  he  Haddo'sre  t  h  the  first  bedroom,  was  dt  ha  that  inflicted  ic  ed  was  close  .his  bedroom,  as  he  asserted  to  the  coroner,  when  the  girl  was  here  attacked  for  the  first  time,  he  must  have  heard  the  deadly  struggle.  The  police  have  also  gleaned  material  contradictions  of  Haddo's  statements,  which  will  be  laid  before  the  coroner's  jury  at  the  adjourned  inquest.  They  have,  in  abdition,  just  become  masters  of  grave  facts,  which  they  do  not  consider  themselves  at  present  justified  in  dis disclosing.  closing. disclosing.  THE  PROXIMATE  MAYOR.—We  understand  that  Mr.  J.  B.  Lloyd,  who  will  be  elevated  to  the  Mayoralty  to to'mot  'mot to'mot  ruw,  deellituS  to  be  made  ttn  alderman,-  -At  a  -dinner,  which  took  place  on  Friday  evening  last,  at  the  Bee  Hotel,  Queen-square,  (provided  in  Mr.  Lawton's  well-known  style)  on  the  occasion  of  Mr.  Lloyd's  re-election  for  Lime-street  Ward,  he  expressed  himself  in  very  decided  terms  against  being  .  raised  to  the  alderraanic  dignity,  preferring  rather  to  remain  connected  with  the  ward  as  councilor,  which  he  has  now  represented  for  a  period  of  twelve  years.  THE  RECENT  FATAL  EXPLOSION  AT  CHATHAM.—  The  eldest  son,  William  Henniker,  remains  in  a  very  bad  state,  and  the  youngest,  Albert  Henniker,  if  he  survives,  will  be  a  cripple  for  life  with  both  hands.  It  is  intended  to  raise  a  subscription  for  Mr.  Henniker  for  the  serious  and  lament lamentable  able lamentable  loss  he  has  sustained.  DESTRUCTIVE  FIRES  IN  LONDON.—OR  Sunday  night  two  very  destructive  fires  broke  out  almost  simultaneous simultaneously,  ly, simultaneously,  one  in  Lambeth,  and  the  other  in  what  is  termed  the  Tenter-ground,  Whitechapel.  The  first  took  place  in  the  extensive  starch  factory  of  Messrs.  Coward  and  Co.,  situate  in  Princes-street,  Lambeth.  The  flames  could  not  be  arrested  until  they  had  burnt  the  building  out  in  which  the  misfortune  originated.  The  other  fire  broke  out  in  a  long  range  of  pre premises  mises premises  occupied,  it  was  believed,  by  a  Mr.  Martin,  a  wheel wheelwright.  wright. wheelwright.  The  total  damage,  it  is  expected,  will  at  the  least  amount  to  from  15001.  to  20001.  WINDS  0  CASTLE  THEATRICALS.  —The  first  of  the  series  of  royal  dramatic  entertainments,  presented  for  some  seasons  past  before  her  Majesty,  Prince  Albert,  and  the  Royal  Family,  at  Windsor  Castle,  will  be  •  given  next  Thursday  evening,  in  the  Rubens  Room,  as  on  former  occasions.  The  arrangements  will,  as  heretofore,  be.  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  Charles  Kean.  Mr.  Phelps  has  been  selected  by  her  Majesty  to  inaugurate  the  representations  this  year  by  the  performance  of  Shakspere's  historical  play  of  King  Henry  the  as  revived  by  him  at  his  theatre.  SERIOUS  ACCIDENTS  IN  LONDON  ON  GUY  FAUKES  DAY.—Several  accidents  took  place  in  London  on  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  from  the  discharge  of  fireworks.  In  the  evening  a  num number  ber number  of  people  were  letting  off  fireworks  on  Tower  Hill,  when  one  of  them  shot  into  the  premises  of  Mr.  Callagham,  a  dealer  in  fireworks,  and  a  fearful  explosion  took  place  which  blew  every  window  on  the  ground  floor  •  out,  sent  the  fire fireworks,  works, fireworks,  such  as  rockets.  Roman  candles,  squibs,  &amp;c.,  in  a  state  of  thorough  ignition,  flying  in  sundry  directions,  by  which  several  persons  standing  near  the  window  were  more  or  less  injured.  The  damage  done  to  the  , STYLE=superscript  property  was  ex extensive.  tensive. extensive.  On  Sunday  morning  a  fire  broke  out  in  the  pre premises  mises premises  of  Mr.  J.  Weir,  engraver,  Cannon  street,  St.  George's  in-the-FieldS.  The  fire  was  caused  by  the  remains  of  a  partially  consumed  rockets  falling  amongst  a  large  quantity  i  pf  shavings  and  wood.  'other  fire,  from  similar  cause,  broke  out  in  Oxford  about  four  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning.  MR.  ROEBUCK,  M.P.,  ON  EDUCATION—Mr.  Roebuck,  writing  to  the  Mayor  of  Sheffield,  in  reply  to  an  invitation  to  attend  a  soiree  of  the  Mechanics'  Institution,  says  Education  has  ever  been  with  me  a  subject  of  the  greatest  interest.  My  first  efforts  as  a  public  man  were  to  promote  it,  and  my  last  wishes  will  be  in  its  favour.  All  other  subjects  in  comparison  with  it  appear  insignificant,  and  could  I  see  the  people  of  this  country  once  impressed  with'  a  due  sense  of  its  importance,  I  should  then  have  no  fear  as  to  our  future.  But  at  present  I  see  sectarian  differences,  and  the  private  interests  that  thrive  upon  division  in  the  way  of  all  improvement;  and  it  would  seem  that  to  some  minds  ignorance  of  everything  appears  better  than  a  creed  differing  from  their  own.  Those  people  seem  to  forget  that  morality  among  the  various  sects  of  England  is  the  same,  and  that  a  man  may  be  honest  and  a  good  citizen,  no  matter  to  what  sect  he  belongs.  But  the  fact  is,  that  it  is  not  religious  belief  that  stands  in  our  way  so  much  as  human  pride.  What  is  feared,  is  the  top  of  power,  not  error  in  belief.  But  whatever  may  be  the  cause  of  opposition,  the  opposition  itself,  to  all  attempts  at  legis legislative  lative legislative  aid  in  support  of  education,  is,  at  the  present  time,  so  formidable,  as  really  to  be  a  complete  obstruction.  In  this  state  of  things,  I  look  upon  mechanics'  institutions  as  neutral  ground,  'and  one  of  Our  chief  means  of  educating  the  people.  By  this  means  the  people  will,  I  hope,  be  able  to  do  for  themselves  what  the  State  ought  to  do  for  them,  and  they,  therefore,  have  my  warmest  support.  LORD  MAYOR'S  DAY.-The  inauguration  of  the  new  Lord  Mayor,  Alderman  Sydney,  is  to  be  celebrated  to tomorrow.  morrow. tomorrow.  Nothing  daunted  by  the  inquiry  of  the  commission  now  sitting,  the  corporation  have  decided  on  installing  their  new  chief  magistrate  into  office  with  nearly  all  the  ceremony  and  pageantry  of  ancient  date.  The  novel  features  in  the  procession,  in  place  of  the  traditional  men  in  armour,  or  armed  knights,  will  consist  of  a  - STYLE=superscript  car,  drawn  by  six  horses,  bearing  the  figure  of  Justice  ;  18  heralds  on  horseback,  at attired  tired attired  in  national  costume,  bearing  the  standards  of  France,  Turkey,  Prussia,  Italy,  iussia,  South  America,  China,  India,  North  America,  Spain,  Austria,  Greece,  - STYLE=superscript  Portugal,  the  Netherlands,  Denmark,  Persia,  Belgium,  and  Sweden  ;  an  Australian  trophy,  signifying  the-  auriferous  and  pastoral  character  of  the  colonies,  drawn  by  two  oxen;  banner  of  Peace  and  Prosperity  ;  implements  of  industry,  borne  by  artists  on  horseback,  two  abreast  ;  and  a  car,  drawn  by  nine  horses,  three  abreast,  bearing  two  figures  representing  Peace  and  Prosperity.  •  Although  Mr.  Sheriff  Wallis  will  take  part  in,  the  procession.  he  will  not  be  present  at  the  banquet  ;  the  whole  expense  of  the  entertainment  will  therefore  fall  on  the  new  Lord  Mayor  and  Alderman  Wire."
