text
"NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMIAI,S.  THURSDAY,  DECEMBER  1,  1853  tion,  but  merely  to  take  off  Mr,  Colquohoun,  our  late  consul•general  in  the  Principalities,  and  to  view  the  state  of  the  mouths  of  the  Danube.  The  Turkish  ships  in  the  Black  Sea  may  be  fairly  able  to  hold  their  own  against  an  equal  Russian  force.  The  weather  may,  however,  prove  more  dangerous  to  both  than  hostilities.  An  effective  blockade  of  the  north  and  western  coast  would  be  an  object  of  great  difficulty.  The  political  and  military  consequences  to  Russia,  of  the  loss  of  the  security  she  has  hitherto  enjoyed  in  the  Black  Sea  are  incalculable.  The  trade  of  the  whole  of  Southern  Russia,  and  of  the  vast  basin  watered  by  the  Dniester,  the-  Bug  and  the  Dnieper  can  be  interrupted.  Odessa  would  be  at  the  mercy  of  the  enemy.  Sebastopol  might  be  blockaded  and  attacked,  and  there  is  reason  to  believe  that  its  sea seaward  ward seaward  batteries  are  of  inferior  force  to  the  weight  of  metal  which  might  be  brought  against  it,  while  the  place  is  ill  fortified  in  the  rear.  The  fort  of  Ocyakoff,  the  arsenal  of  Nicolaieff,  and  the  build building  ing building  yards  of  Cherson,  are  said  to  be  very  imper imperfectly  fectly imperfectly  protected,  the  Russiarik  having  apparently  contented  themselves  with  defences  sufficient  to  ward  off  the  Turks.  The  article  further  shows  the  possibility  of  oper operating  ating operating  along  the  Crimea  against  the  towns  on  the  sea  of  Azotf,  and  the  forts  by  which  Circassia  and  Georgia  are  held.  A  competent  maritime  force,  especially  steamers,  would,  within  three  to  eight  days,  be  able  to  attack  any  point  on  about  2000  miles  of  coast,  where  the  Russians  would  be  unable  to  concentrate  any  force.  The  policy  of  the  Emperor  Nicholas  has  not  only  •  roused  Turkey  to  collect  a  considerable  naval  arma armament,  ment, armament,  capable  of  perhaps  meeting  the  Russian  fleet,  without  disadvantage,  but  has  brought,.  into  the  Bosphorus,  for  the  first  time  in  history,.  the  most  powerful  fleet  England  and  France  ever  sent  to  sea.  She  has  contributed  to  place  this  force  within  reach  of  everything  that  is  most  vulnerable  in  his  dominions,  and  has  directed  the  attention  of  Europe  to  a  point  which  places  our  relations  to  the  Russian  Empire  in  a  new  light.  By  opening  the  Black  Sea  to  foreign  navies,  a  far  greater  blow  has  been  given  to  the  security  of  Russia  than  Turkey  has  received  from  the  temporary  occupation  of  the  Principalities.  The  Times  hopes  it  may  not  be  necesssary  to  give  effect  to  measures  which  cannot  be  executed  without  all  the  evils  of  war;  but  that  such  mea measures  sures measures  can  be  executed,  if  necessary,  with  rapidity  and  precision,  by  the  forces  now  in  the  Turkish  waters,  it  is  not  possible  to  doubt.  BANK  OF  ENGLAND.  Some  further  applications  were  made  at  the  Bank  on  Wednesday,  for  the  discount  of  the  dissented  stocks  falling  due  in  January.  As  regards  the  3  per  cents  of  1751,  and  the  New  South  Sea  Annuities,  the  Ist  of  December  is  the  last  day  on  which  applications  can  be  made;  their  transfer  books  then  finally  closing.  PARIS  BOURSE,  WEDNESDAY..  Three  per  cents  closed  74.10.  Four-and-a-half  per  cents,  99.9.  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  Oxford  Street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establishment,  19,  South  John  Street,  Liverpool.  THURSDAY,  DECEMBER  1,  Ma."
