text
"OPERATIVE  BRICKLAYERS.  Last  night,  a  meeting  of  the  operative  bricklayers  of  Liverpool,  was  convened  at  a  room  in  Circus-street.  Shortly  after  eight  o'clock,  at  which  time  about  150  persons  had  assembled,  Mr.  GEORGE  LACICHAM  was  called  to  the  chair.  He  commenced  his  observations  by  regretting  the  smallness  of  the  number  of  persons  present,  as  compared  with  the  total  number  of  bricklayers,  which  was  very  great,  in  the  town,  and  the  lukewarmness  thus  shown  by  not  more  inte interesting  resting interesting  themselves  in  the  affairs  of  the  trade.  The  objects  for  which  they  had  that  evening  met  were,  to  take  into  consideration  the  best  means  to  be  adopted  in  memoralising  those  masters  in  the  town—and  he  was  happy  to  say  they  were  but  few—who  had  made  the  attempt  to  reduce  the  wages  of  the  bricklayers  to  the  level  of  1852.  This  reduction  was  not  only  unfair  to  the  workmen,  but  it  was  also  unfair  to  those  masters  who  were  paying  a  higher  rate  of  wages.  The  second  object  they  had  in  view  was  to  strive  to  adopt  some  measures  to  subvert  the  present  system  of  the  masters  taking  apprentices  for  less  than  seven  years,  without  such  appren apprentices  tices apprentices  being  bound  for  that  period  ;  and  lastly,  to  induce  all  those  bricklayers,  who  were  not  already  members  of  the  society,  to  become  so  without  delay.  The  next  speaker,  John  Stephenson,  after  detailing  the  various  contingences  to  whioh  the  trade  had  been  subjected  to  for  the  last  few  year,  by  the  conduct  of  a  fPur  nf  tbo  wine  nrms  who  were,  he  said,  paying  the  journeymen  265.  per  week,  while  the  other  masters  in  the  town  were  paying  28s.  per  week,  and  some  as  much  as  30s.  Other  persons  having  briefly  addressed  the  meeting,  a  resolution  to  the  following  effect  was  proposed  and  seconded  :  That  this  meeting  condemns  the  conduct  pursued  by  a  few  masters  in  reducing  the  wages  to  the  level  of  1852,  such  reduction  being  injurious  to  the  masters  generally  who  were  paying  a  much  greater  rate  of  An  operative  objected  to  the  word  condemns  but,  after  an  explanation,  and  some  little  discussion,  the  resolu resolution  tion resolution  was  carried  unanimously.  The  second  resolution  was  then  proposed  and  carried,  which  was  to  tLis  effect  :—That  the  meeting  composed  of  journeymen  bricklayers,  do  memorialise  those  masters  who  were  paying  the  lower  rate  of  wages,  to  make  an  advance,  and  thus  place  themselves  on  the  same  footing  with  the  other  masters.  Upon  this  resolution  being  put,  considerable  discussion  took  place,  many  of  the  speakers  being  adverse  to  memorial memorialising  ising memorialising  the  masters,  as  they  had  not  given  an  answer  to  a  former  memorial  which  had  been  presented  to  them  with  regard  to  the  subject  of  apprentices,  and  an  amendment  was  proposed  That  the  men  working  in  those  shops,  the  masters  of  which  are  only  paying  265.  per  week,  should  leave  such  em employers  ployers employers  in  an  amicable  manner,  and  seek  for  employment  This  amendment  was  considered  as  amounting  to  a  strike,  which  the  chairman  said  the  society  altogether  and  upon  being  put  only  one  person  was  in  its  favour,  therefore  the  original  resolution  was  carried.  The  third  resolution  was  to  the  That  the  meet meeting  ing meeting  expressed  its  disapproval  of  the  present  system  of  the  masters  taking  A  committee  of  the  members  of  the  society  and  non-members,  was  appointed  to  Prepare  a  memorial  to  •  the  employers,  after  which  the  meeting  separated,  INHERITANCE.-A  functionary  .  attached  to  the  administration  of  one  of  the  Flemish  provinces  has  just  come  into  possession  of  a  considerable  fortune  from  a  very  singular  circumstance,  His  wife,  who  belonged  to  a  rather  numerous  English  family,  had  on  her  marriage  embraced  the  Catholic  religion.  A  relation  of  this  lady,  who  had  made  a  similar  abjuration,  had  just  died,  and  doubtless  sup supposing  posing supposing  that  a  certain  number  of  the  members  of  her  family  had  followed  her  example,  divided  her  fortune  by  will  into  two  equal  parts,  one  to  go  to  the  Protestant  and  the  other  to  the  Catholic  members  of  it.  As  the  wife  of  the  function functionary  ary functionary  is  the  only  Catholic  among  them,  she  will  only  inherit  one  of  the  portions,  amounting  to  about  3,ooo,oool.—Gdig 3,ooo,oool.—Gdignon'  non' 3,ooo,oool.—Gdignon'  t  Measinger."
