text
"twig.  Then  he  concludes,  coming  down  fearfully  from  his  high  pedestal:—  I  have  given,  then,  to  a  friend,  the  Rev.  Marcus  Fla Flather,  ther, Flather,  a  draft  for  two  hundred  and  fifty  pounds  sterling,  drawn  upon  you  at  your  - STYLE=superscript  agent's  in  Calcutta,  which  sum  will  go  in  liquidation  of  dear  Clive's  first  year's  board  with  me,  or,  upon  my  woi  d  of  honour  as  a  gentleman  and  clergyman,  shall  be  paid  back  at  three  months  after  sight,  if  you  will  draw  upon  me.  As  I  never,  no,  were  it  my  last  penny  in  the  world,  would  dishonour  your  draft,—l  implore  you,  my  dear  Colonel,  not  to  refuse  mine.  My  credit  in  this  city,  where  credit  is  everything,  and  the  awful  future  so  little  thought  of,  my  engagements  to  Mr.  Flather,  my  own  pros prospects  pects prospects  in  life,  and  the  comforts  of  my  dear  -sister's  declining  years  all—all  depend  upon  this  bold,  this  eventful  measure.  My  ruin,  or  my  earthly  happiness  lie  entirely  in  your  hands.  Can  I  doubt  which  way  your  ldnd  heart  will  lead  you,  and  that  you  will  come  to  the  aid  of  your  affectionate  brother-in brother-inlaw,  law, brother-inlaw,  CHARLES  Miss  Martha  Honeyman,  however,  will  not  suffer  her  brother  to  take  sole  charge  of  young  Clive.  0,  no  !  she  is  too  much  of  a  woman  for  that.  poor  she  says,  is  very  affectionate,  and  al always  ways always  building  castles  in  the  air,  and  of  having  Clive  to  live  with  him  in  London;  now  this  mat  be,  and  I  won't  hear  qf  it.  Charles  is  too  kind  to  be  a  school-master,  and  Master  Clive  laughs  at  him.  It  must  be  mentioned  here  that  amongst  the  host  Of  things  the  unfortunate  Mr.  Honeyman  tried  his  hand  at  that  of  a  schoolmaster  had  not  been  omitted.  -  He  bought  a  school  ;  paid  the  purchase purchasemoney—at  money—at purchasemoney—at  least  his  sister  did  for  him—but  it  turned  out  badly,  and  at  the  end  of  the  first  half  year,  had  but  two  woolly-headed  poor  little  mulattos,  whose  father  was  in  gaol,  in  St.  Clive  Newcome,  instead  of  being  given  over  to  the  good  keeping  and  wise  governing  of  the  reverend  disciple  of  the  ferula,  is  committed  to  the  charge  of  -Dr.  Timpany,  who  keeps  a  great  school  at  Marine Marineparade.  parade. Marineparade.  The  Doctor  evidently,  whatever  may  be  his  scholastic  attainments  and  skill  as  a  pedagogue,  bore  no  character  for  leniency  as  a  disciplinarian.  My  observes  Miss  Martha,  said  it  was  the  best  place  for  boys,  and  I  have  a  brother  to  whom  my  poor  mother  spared  the  rod,  and  who,  I  fear,  has  turned  out  but  a  spoilt  Lieutenant-Colonel  Newcome  is  surprised  one  morning  with  the  following  startling  letter  from  his  brother  :  Drdin  BROTHER—  I  hasten  to  inform  you  of  a  ca calamity  lamity calamity  which,  though  it  might  be  looked  for  in  the  course  of  nature,  has  occasioned  deep  grief,  not  only  in  our  family,  but  in  this  city.  This  morning:,  at  half-past  four  o'clock,  our  beloved  mid  respected  mother,  Sophia  Alethea  New Newcome,  come, Newcome,  expired,  at  the  advanced  age  of  eighty-three  years.  On  the  night  of  Tuesday—Wednesday,  the  12th-13th,  having  been  engaged  reading  and  writing  in  her  library  until  a  late  hour,  and  having  dismissed  the  servants,  whom  she  never  would  allow  to  sit  up  for  her,  as  well  as  my  brother  and  his  wife,  who  always  are  in  the  habit  of  retiring  early.  Mrs.  Newcombe  extinguished  the  lamps,  took  a  bed bedchamber  chamber bedchamber  candle  to  return  to  her  room,  and  must  have  fallen  on  the  landing,  where  she  was  discovered  by  the  maid,  sitting  with  her  head  residing  against  the  balustrades,  and  en endeavouring  deavouring endeavouring  to  staunch  a  wound  in  her  forehead,  which  was  bleeding  profusely,  having  struck  in  a  fall  against  the  stone  step  of  the  stairs.  When  Mrs.  Newcome  was  found  she  was  speechless,  but  still  sensible,  and  medical  aid  being  sent  for,  she  was  carried  to  bed.  Mr.  Newcome  mid  Lady  Anne,  both  hurried  to  her  apartment,  and  she  knew  them,  and  took  the  hands  of  each,  but  paralysis  had  probably  ensued  in  consequence  of  the  shock  of  the  fall;  nor  was  her  voice  ever  heard,  except  in  inarticulate  moanings,  since  the  hour  of  the  previous  even evening,  ing, evening,  when  she  gave  her  blessing,  and  bade  them  good  night.  Thus  perished  this  good  and  excellent  woman,  the  truest  Christian,  the  most  charitable  friend  to  the  poor  and  need needful,  ful, needful,  the  head  of  this  great  house  of  business,  the  best  and  most  affectionate  of  mothers.  The  contents  of  her  will  have  long  been  known  to  us,  and  that  document  was  dated  one  month  after  our  lamented  father's  death.  Mr.  Thomas  Newcombe's  property  being  divided  equally  amongst  his  three  sons,  the  property  of  his  second  wife  naturally  devolves  upon  his  own  issue,  my  bro brother  ther brother  Brian  and  myself.  There  are  very  heavy  legacies  to  servants  and  to  charitable  and  religious  institutions  , STYLE=superscript  of  which,  in  life,  she  was  the  munificent  patroness  ;  and  I  regret  my  dear  brother,  that  no  memorial  to  you  should  have  been  left  by  my  mother,  because  she  often  spoke  of  you  latterly  in  terms  of  affection,  and  on  the  very  day  on  which  she  died,  commenced  a  letter  to  your  little  boy,  which  was  left  un unfinished  finished unfinished  on  the  library  table.  My  brother  said  that  on  that  same  day,  at  breakfast,  she  pointed  to  a  volume  of  Orme's  Ilindostan,  the  book  she  said,  which  set  poor  dear  Tom  wild  to  go  to  India.  I  know  you  will  be  pleased  to  hear  of  the  proofs  of  returning  good-will  and  affection,  in  one  who  often  spoke  latterly  of  her  early  regard  for  you.  •  I  have  no  more  time  under  the  weight  of  business  which  this  present  affliction  entails.  than  to  say  that  I  am,  yours,  dear  brother,  very  sincerely,  A.  NEwcoMBE'•  The  gallant  Lieutenant-Colonel,  after  a  lapse  of  time,  comes  back  to  England  hale  and  hearty,  and  with  evident  disposition  to  enjoy  himself,  and  make  life  as  smooth  and  pleasant  as  possible.  We  shall  now  introduce  our  readers  to  the  Cave  of  and  exhibit  to  them  the  renowned  warrior  and  his  son  Clive,  cutting  rare  capers.  Mr.  Arthur  Pendennis,  Jones,  of  Trinity,  King,  of  Corpus,  and  a  few  other  gees  du  bon,  after  quitting  the  theatre,  alight  at  the  cave  kept  by  the  cele celebrated  brated celebrated  enjoyed  such  intimacy  with  Mr.  Hoskins  that  he  never  failed  to  greet  us  with  a  nod  ;  and  John  the  waiter  made  room  for  us  near  the  president  of  the  convivial  meeting.  We  knew  three  admirable  glee-singers,  and  many  a  time  they  partook  of  brandy-and-water  at  our  expense.  One  of  us  gave  his  call  dinner  at  Hoskins's,  and  a  merry  time  we  had  of  it.  Where  are  you,  0  Hoskins,  bird  of  the  night  ?  Do  you  warble  your  songs  by  Acheron,  or  troll  your  choruses  by  the  banks  of  black  Avernus.  There  came  into  the  cave  a  gentleman  with  a  lean  brown  face  and  long  brown  mustachois:dressed  in  very  loose  clothes,  and  evidently  a  stranger  in  the  place.  At  least  he  had  not  visited  it  for  a  long  time.  He  was  pointing  out  changes  to  a  lad  who  was  in  his  company  ;  and,  calling  for  sherry-and sherry-andwater,  water, sherry-andwater,  he  listened  to  the  music,  and  twirled  his  mustachios  with  great  enthusiasm.  At  the  very  first  glimpse  of  me  the  boy  jumped  up  from  the  table,  bounded  across  the  room,  ran  to  me  with  his  hands  out,  and  blushing  said,  Don't  you  know  me  ?'  was  little  Newcome,  my  schoolfellow,  whom  I  had  not  seen  for  six  years  ;  grown  a  fine  tall  young  stripling  now,  with  the  same  bright  blue  eyes  which  I  remembered  when  he  was  quite  a  little  boy.  the  deuce  brings  you  here  ?'  said  I.  laughed  and  looked  roguish.  'My  father—that's  my  father—would  come.  He's  just  come  back  from  India.  He  says  all  the  wits  used  to  come  here—Mr.  Sheridan,  Captain  Morris,  Colonel  Hanger,  Professor  Person.  I  told  him  your  name,  and  that  you  used  to  be  very  kind  to  me  when  I  first  went  to  Smithfield.  I've  left  now  ;  I'm  to  have  a  private  tutor.  I  say  I've  got  such  a  jolly  poney.  It's  better  fun  than  old  Smiffie.  Here  the  whiskered  gentleman,  Neweome's  father,  point pointing  ing pointing  to  a  waiter  to  follow  him  with  his  glass  of  sherry-and sherry-andwater,  water, sherry-andwater,  strode  across  the  room,  twirling  his  mustachios,  and  came  up  to  the  table  where  we  sate,  making  a  salutation  with  his  hat  in  a  very  stately  and  polite  manner,  so  that  Hoskins  himself  was,  as  it  were,  obliged  to  bow  ;  the  glee  singers  murmured  among  themselves  (their  eyes  rolling  over  their  glasses  towards  one  another,  as  they  sucked  brandy  and  water,)  .  and  that  mischievous  little  wag,  little  Nadab,  the  improvisatore,  (who  had  just  come  in,)  began  to  mimick  him,  feeling  his  imaginary  whiskers,  after  the  manner  of  the  stranger,  and  flapping  about  his  pocket  handkerchief  in  the  most  ludicrous  manner.  Hoskins  checked  this  ribaldry  by  sternly  looking  towards  Nadab,  and  at  the  same  time  called  upon  the  gents  to  give  their  orders,  the  waiter  being  in  the  room,  and  Mr,  Bellew  about  to  sing  a  song.  Newcome's  father  came  up  and  het  out  his  hand  to  me,  I  dare  say  I  blushed,  for  I  had  been  comparing  him  to  the  admirable  Harley  in  the  Critic,  and  christened  him  Don  Fe Ferolo  rolo Ferolo  Whiskerandos.  spoke  in  a  voice  exceedingly  soft  and  pleasant,  and  with  a  cordiality  so  simple  and  sincere,  that  my  laughter  shrank  away  ashamed,  and  gave  place  to  a  feeling  much  more  respectful  and  friendly.  In  youth,  you  see,  one  is  touched  by  kindness.  A  man  of  the  world  may,  of  course,  be  grateful  or  not,  as  he  chooses.  &#34;'  I  have  heard  of  your  kindness,  sir,'  says  he,  'to  my  boy.  And  whoever  is  kind  to  him  is  kind  to  me.  Will  you  allow  me  to  sit  down  by  .  you  ?  and  may  I  beg  you  to  try  my  cheroots  ?'  We  were  friends  in  a  minute—young  Newcome  snuggling  by  my  side,  his  father  opposite,  to  whom,  after  a  minute  or  two  of  conversation,  I  presented  my  three  college  friends.  .  You  have  come  here,  gentlemen,  to  see  the  wits,'  says  the  Colonel.  '  Are  there  any  celebrated  persons  in  the  room  ?  I  have  been  five-and-thirty  years  from  home,  and  want  to  see  all  that  is  to  be  seen.'  King  of  Corpus  (who  was  an  incorrigible  wag)  was  on  the  point  of  pulling  some  dreadful  long  bow,  and  pointing  out  a  half  dozen  of  people  in  the  room,  as  R.  and  11,  and  L.,  Sce.,  the  most  celebrated  wits  of  that  day  ;  but  I  cut  King's  skins  under  the  table,  and  got  the  fellow  to  hold  his  tongue.  Maxima  debetur  pueris,'  says  Jones  (a  fellow  of  very  kind  feeling,  who  has  gone  into  the  Church  since,)  and  writing  on  his  card  to  Hoskins  hinted  to  him  that  a  boy  was  in  the  room,  and  a  gentleman,  who  was  quite  a  greenhorn  ;  hence  that  the  songs  had  better  be  carefully  selected.  And  so  they  were.  A  lady'  .  s  school  might  have  come  in,  and  but  for  the  smell  of  the  cigars  and  brandy-and-water,  have  taken  no  harm  by  what  happened.'  Why  should  it  not  always  be  s?  ?  If  there  are  any  Caves  of  Harmony  now,  I  warrant  messieurs  the  landlords,  their  interests  would  be  better  consulted  by  keeping  their  singers  within  bounds.  The  very  greatest  scamps  like  pretty  songs,  and  are  melted  by  them  :  so  are  honest  The  greatest  possible  amusement  follows.  Nadab  is  inimitable  in  his  surprising  feat  of  improvisation,"
