text
"THE  NORTHERi':;  AN  ABSCONDING  BA:241i(114-:-CURIOU:S''  Mr.  B.  Davis,  draper,  Ilolywell,  lately  declareda  Bankrupt,  was  brought  up  in  custody,  at  the  Police  Court  yesterday,  informations  being  sought  to  be  returned  against  him  for  not  having  surrendered  iu  conformity  with  the  summons  of  the  Bankruptcy  Court.  Mr.  Evans,  attorney  for  the  winding  up  of  the  estate,  appeared  for  the  prosecution,  and  Mr.  Owens  for  the  pri prisoner.  soner. prisoner.  Mr.  George  Harber,  Usher  of  the  Liverpool  District  Court  of  Bankruptcy,  was  examined,  and  produced  the  original  proceedings  in  the  Court  of  Bankruptcy,  against  the  pri prisoner.  soner. prisoner.  The  final  petition  was  lodged  on  the  3rd,  and  adju adjudication  dication adjudication  on  the  sth  of  last  May.  The  16th  of  June  was  fixed  for  the  surrender,  but  the  bankrupt  did  not  appear.  Mr.  Henry  Ayres,  clerk  to  Mr.  Gaskett,  messenger  of  the  Liverpool  District  Court  of  Bankruptcy,  was  also  exa examined,  mined, examined,  and  proved  having  sent  the  summons  for  surrender  to  a  person-in  Holywell,  to  serve  on  the  bankrupt.  Mr.  Bell,  Auctioneer,  Holywell,  then  deposed  to  having  received  the  summons  of  surrender,  and  to  having  posted  it  up  in  the  shop  occupied  by  the  bankrupt.  On  cross-exami cross-examination,  nation, cross-examination,  however,  it  appeared  that  the  witness  had  the  keys  of  the  shop  and  house  which  had  been  occupied  by  the  bankrupt,  and  that  on  posting  up  the  summons  within  the  shop,  he  again  locked  up  the  house,  taking  the  keys  with  him.  Mr.  Owen  contended  that  this  was  not  a  proper  service.  If  the  summons  were  posted  up  outside  the  house,  then  it  might  be  a  good  service  ;  but  it  was  absurd  to  say  that  it  was  a  good  service  when  the  summons  was  posted  so  that  it  was  impossible  for  the  bankrupt  to  see  it.  The  prisoner  was  therefore  entitled  to  be  discharged.  Mr.  Evans  contended  that  he  had  complied  with  the  language  of  the  act,  and  if  that  were  defective  he  should  not  be  held  responsible  for  it.  The•  bankrupt  had  left  the  house—they  knew  not  where  he  was,  and  therefore  they  could  give  him  no  other  notice  than  what  they  had  done,  and  publishing  it  in  the  Gazette.  The  Magistrate  observed  that  it  was  quite  clear  they  had  posted  the  summons  where  the  bankrupt  could  not  see  it.  Mr.  Evans  replied  that  they  could  not  avoid  that.  They  had  left  the  summons  in  accordance  with  the  act,  when  he  could  not  be  found  himself,  at  the  last  known  place  of  his  The  2lagistrate  :  Yes,  but  inside  the  house,  where,  you  having  the  key,  it  was  impossible  that  the  bankrupt  could  see  it.  Mr.  Evans  still  contended  that  they  had  complied  with  the  language  of  the  act.  The  Magistrate  replied  that,  at  all  events,  they  had  not  complied  with  the  spirit  of  the  act  ;  for  common  sense  should  have  taught  them,  in  the  case  in  question,  that  the  proper  place  for  posting  the  summons  was  outside  the  house.  The  prisoner  should  therefore  be  discharged.  The  number  of  children  in  the  Metropolitan  Police  dis district  trict district  at  large  and  living  in  idleness,  without  education,  and  apparently  neglected  by  their  parents,  of  the  lower  cla.ses,  who  arc  generally  in  the  receipt  of  wages,  amount,  as  near  as  can  be  ascertained,  to  20,641  under  15  years  of  age.  IMPORTATION  OF  GuANo.—There  has  been  an  increase  in  the  importation  of  guano.  It  appears  from  returns  just  printed,  that  in  the  month  ended  the  10th  October  last  there  were  5,159  tons  imported,  against  3,590  in  the  preceding  month.  How  CIGARS  ARE  MADE.—In  the  Lancet  of  Saturday,  a  report  of  the  analysis  of  cigars  is  given.  The  general  mass  of  cigars  examined  had  no  but  some  samples  are  thus  described  Made  up  in  the  centre  with  sweepings,  probably  of  the  warehouse.  It  contains  dust,  dirt,  fragments  of  mortar,  pieces  of  apple  pairing,  and  much  broken  and  refuse  tobacco-leaf.  Purchased  of  a  hawker  in  Whitechapel-road—These  cheroots  were  made  up  of  two  twisted  wrappers  or  layers  of  thin  brown  paper,  while  the  interior  consisted  entirely  of  hay,  not  a  particle  of  tobacco  entering  into  their  HORRIBLE  ATROCITY  AT  NEW  YORK.--During  the  past  week  the  most  intense  excitement  has  been  manifested  in  consequence  of  a  rape  and  murder  pe  r  p  e  t  ra  t  e  d  on  th  e  per person  son person  of  Catherine  Quickley,  a  very  interesting  girl  of  four fourteen  teen fourteen  of  fifteen  years  of  age.  The  parents  of  the  girl  are  natives  of  Ireland,  and  came  to  this  country  some  two  years  and  a  half  ago.  On  Sunday  Catherine  went  to  school  in  the  afternoon  ;  and  her  non-arrival  at  home  exciting  alarm,  the  whole  of  the  next  day  was  spent  in  making  search.  About  sun-down  the  body  was  found  in  a  pond  near  Jamaica.  A  meeting  of  tho  citizens  was  called,  a  vigilance  com committee  mittee committee  formed,  and  subscriptions  amounting  to  five  hundred  dollars  were  obtained,  and  offered  as'a  reward  for  the  de detection  tection detection  and,  conviction  of  the  guilty  parties.  The  governor  of  the  State  has  also  offered  a  reward  of  one  thousand  dol dollars  lars dollars  additional.  On  Monday,  a  roughly  dressed  Irishman,  who  is  said  to  have  been  prowling  about  in  the  woods  for  the  last  day  or  two  was  arrested.  The  prisoner  was  brought  to  Jamaica,  his  clothing  examined,  and  on  his  linen  were  found  spots  of  blood,  mid  in  other  places  of  his  clothing  traces  of  blood,  as  if  water  had  been  applied  in  endeavours  to  wash  it  out.  A  legal  investigation  is  now  going  on.—  Xew  York  Weekly  Herald.  TUBULAR  LIFE-RAFT.—On  Wednesday  an  exhibition  of  Mr.  Parratt's  tubular  life-raft  took  place  on  the  Serpentine,  in  the  presence  of  several  persons  of  nautical  and  scientific  knowledge  and  experience,  including  Captain  Washington,  R.N.  ;  Captain  Ward,  imspector  of  life-boats  ;  Mr.  Lewis,  which  which  attracted  much  attention,  and  was  very  narrowly  ex exambled  ambled exambled  by  the  gentlemen  present,  i  s  compose  d  o  f  vulcanized  india-rubber  tubes,  enclosed  in  canvass  cases  and  nettings,  so  arranged  and  lashed  to  cross  spars  as  to  fo  r  m,  when  extend extended,  ed, extended,  an  excellent  contrivance  not  only  for  floating  on  the  water,  but  being  rowed  like  a  boat,  and  capable  of  being  conveyed  with  '  safety  through  a  surf  or  heavy  sea.  The  object  of  the  inventor,  'when  he  turned  his  attention  to  th  e  subject,  was  to  provide  an  apparatus,  which,  in  the  case  of  disasters  at  sea,  could  be  made  quickly  available  for  the  saving  of  human  life,  which  could  be  easily  lowered  into  the  water,  and  when  there  capable  of  sustaining  a  great  number  of  persons,  without  danger  of  sinking.  This  end  Mr.  Parratt's  invention  see  ms  well  calculated  to  attain.  He  proposes  that  on  board  ship  the  raft  should  be  so  constructed  as  to  occupy  the  interior  of  a  long-boat,  or  of  any  ordinary  boat  carried  on  a  ship's  davits  ;  that  the  tubes  should  be  always  kept  'inflated,  so  as  to  be  ready  at  a  moment's  notice,  and  that  it  should  be  either  lowered  in  the  boat  or  extended  to  its  largest  dimensions  on  deck,  by  lashing  a  spar  across  the  longitudinal  spars  (the  work  of  two  minutes),  and  then  dropped  into  the  water,  without  the  use  of  any  machinery  whatever.  Alf  danger  of  swamping  is  avoided  by  the  buoyan  c  y  o  f  th  e  ma  t  e  rial,  and  such  is  the  nature  of  its  construction  that,  even  should  the  raft  capsize,  it  would  still  offer  a  large  surface  on  which  shipwrecked  persons  might  rest  with  safety.  The  capabilities  of  the  raft  were  on  Wednesday  tried  in  a.  variety  of  ways,  and  successfully  so,  though,  of  course,  the  circumstances  of  the  experiments  being  made  on  the  calm  surface  of  the  Serpentine,  and  not  in  a  storm  at  sea,  must,  as  in  all  similar  cases,  be  fully  conside  re  d.  I  n  order  to  test  the  strength  of  the  tubes  used,  and  to  prove  how  easily  one  of  these  life-boats  or  'rafts  might  be  launched,  a  collapsing  invented  by  Mr.  Parratt,  was  carried  upon  the  bridge  over  the  Serpentine,  and  thence  thrown  into  the  water  below.  It  sustained  not  the  slightest  injury,  and,  though  it  fell  keel  up,  so  to  speak,  it  nevertheless  presented,  as  it  floated  away,  sufficient  breadth  to  hold  a  large  number  of  people.  This  collapsing  boat  consists  of  tubes  lashed  round  a  frame framework  work framework  of  a  boat-like  shape,  with  three  which  shut  up  like  a  purse.  The  bottom  consists  of  nettings  to  enable  the  water  to  have  a  free  course  '  and  the  thwarts  are  kept  expanded  by  means  of  what  are  called  moveable  fishes.  By  this  peculiarity  of  construction  the  boat  will  occupy  very  little  space  on  board  ship.  Two  other  inventions,  of  a  somewhat  different  kind,  attracted  the  notice  of  the  com company.  pany. company.  One  was  a  tubular  ice  -raft,  for  the  saving  6f  life  when  endangered  by  accidents  on  the  ice—a  very  simple  and  ingenious  piece  of  mechanism.  The  other  was  a  pon pontoon  toon pontoon  bridge  or  raft,  easily  portable,  and  designed  for  the  conveyance  of  troops  over  streams  in  remote  and  unfre unfrequented  quented unfrequented  districts.  Altogether  the  exhibition  was  a  satis satisfactory  factory satisfactory  one;  the  principle  of  Mr.  Parratt's  inventions  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  be  generally  approved,  and  he  readily  gave  ear  to  one  or  two  suggestions  by  which  it  was  thought  the  construction  of  the  raft  might  be  amend  Ail  THE  DISMISSAL  OF  THE  REV.  PROFESSOR  MAURICE  FROM  KING'S  COLLEGE.—In  compliance  with  a  special  demand  made  by  Mr.  Maurice,  Dr.  Jelf  has  prepared  the  whole  of  the  correspondence  which  passed  between  himself  and  the  professor  relative  to  the  charge  of  unsoundness  of  doctrine  which  led  to  his  recent  dismissal.  It  appears  that  the  cor correspondence  respondence correspondence  commenced  as  far  back  as  July  8,  on  which  day  Dr.  Jelf  addressed  a  letter  to  the  professor,  in  which  he  stated  that  his  attention  had  been  called  by  high  authority  to  the  conclusion  of  the  last  of  Mr.  Maurice's  theological  lectures,  lately  published,  and  proceeds  as  It  is  alleged  that  you  therein  deny  the  eternity  of  future  punish punishments.  ments. punishments.  I  have  read  the  essay  with  attention,  and  confess  that  it  appears  to  me  to  bear  that  interpretation  ;  at  least,  the  impression  it  gives  seems  to  •  throw  an  atmosphere  of  doubt  on  the  simple  meaning  of  the  word  eternal,  and  to  convey  a  general  notion  of  ultimate  salvation  for  all.  I  am,  of  course,  most  anxious  to  ascertain  your  real  To  this  letter  Mr.  Maurice  replied  on  the  next  day,  stating  that  he  believed  in  the  doctrine  of  eternal  punishment,  or  death,  in  that  sense  which  seemed  to  him  most  consistent  with  the  other  uses  of  the  word  in  the  New  Testament  ;  but  that  he  did  not  believe  in  the  doctrine  in  that  sense  which  is  given  to  it,  or  seems  to  be  given  to  it,  in  many  popular  discourses  and  theological  treatises,  and  that  he  repudiates  that  sense  as  inconsistent  with  the  Gospel.  lie  adds  To  state  my  convictions  on  this  subject  was  a  duty  which  I  felt  that  I  owed  to  thousands  of  young  English Englishmen  men Englishmen  whose  faith  in  the  redemption  of  Christ,  even  in  the  being  of  God,  is  at  stake.  I  could  not  but  tell  them,  be because  cause because  I  believe  it  is  true,  that  the  statements  which  have  led  them  to  identify  the  God  and  Father  of  our  Lord  with  the  evil  spirit,  are  not  derived  from  the  orthodox  faith  ;  that  they  are  a  strange  product  of  Galvanism  and  Locke  philoso philosophy,  phy, philosophy,  and  of  the  morbid  consciousness  of  On  the  14th  of  July  Dr.  Jelf  wrote  to  state  that  the  professor's  views  filled  him  with  the  most  intense  alarm,  and  intimated  that  as  the  rev.  gentleman's  letters  were,  he  presumed,  official  ones,  he  should  lay  them  before  the  clerical  members  of  the  council,  and  if  need  be  before  the  council  itself.  At  length  Dr.  Jelf  decided  that  the  ultimate  decision  mustpass  into  other  hands  than  his  own,  and  Mr.  Maurice  was  re removed  moved removed  from  his  professoiship  under  circumstances  with  which  our  readers  arc  already  familiar."
