text
"SHORT  TIME  MOVEMENT  BY  TEE  EMPLOYERS.  The  millowners  find  that,  owing  to  the  depression  in  trade,  there  is  such  a  decrease  of  demand  as  to  make  it  desirable,  in  some  cases,  as  a  financial  question,  to  close  their  mills,  but  this  is  not  generally  the  case  '  and  a  system  of  short  time,  if  extensively  acted  upon,  will  better  meet  the  objects  of  the  majority.  Actuated  by  this  feelimg,  some  of  the  em employers  ployers employers  at  Burnley,  who  have  been  really  distressed  at  wit witnessing  nessing witnessing  the  sufferings  of  the  operatives  on  strike,  opened  their  mills  on  Monday  to  such  of  the  workpeople  as  might  present  themselves  for  four  days  per  week,  with  the  reduc reduction  tion reduction  of  the  10  per  cent.  advance  from  the  weavers,  but  con continuing  tinuing continuing  it  to  the  spinners  and  cardroom  hands,  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  better  position  of  spinnings  in  the  market.  The  same  course  has  been  adopted  at  Padiham,  and  the  ex experiment  periment experiment  has  succeeded  beyond  expectation.  One  employer  states  that  there  was  a  perfect  rush  among  his  workpeople  to  enter  the  mill.  Some  of  the  employers  have  taken  ad advantage  vantage advantage  of  the  opportunity  afforded  by  the  strike  to  intro-  duce  new  machinery,  and,  these  alterations  not  being  all  completed  when  the  hands  returned  to  work,  their  disap disappointment  pointment disappointment  was  great  at  finding  that  this  would  prevent  them  resuming  work  for  some  time  longer.  Out  of  57  firms  at  Burnley,  and  at  Padiham,  which  is  the  total  number  in  the  union  of  masters,  nearly  all  have  re resumed  sumed resumed  work  four  days  per  week.  The  number  of  opera operatives  tives operatives  has  been  estimated  at  12,000  to  15,000.  At  Ashton,  Stalybridge,  Dukinfield,  Newton,  Hyde,  and  Glossop  the  number  of  mills  gone  upon  four  days'  work  per  week  is.  from  90  to  100.  Instead  of  40,000,  the  number  at  which  the  looms  were  estimated  in  a  recent  statement,  intelligent  and  well-informed  manufacturers  are  of  opinion  that  50,000  would  be  nearer  the  truth.  The  estimated  con consumption  sumption consumption  of  9,000  to  10,000  bags  of  cotton  spun  per  week  would  be  correct;  but  the  total  number  of  operatives  is  said  to  be  nearer  60,000  than  the  lesser  number  at  which  they  were  calculated  in  the  statement  referred  to.  The  number  of  persons  employed  at  the  looms  is  estimated  at  25,000  ;  and,  though  the  balance  of  35,000  is  a  large  number  to  be  employed  in  spinning  and  its  preparatory  processes,  for  the  consumption  of  10,000  bags  of  cotton,  it  is  explained  by  the  fact  that  a  large  proportion  of  the  spinning  is  a  very  fine  counts  of  yarn,  in  which  the  quan quantity  tity quantity  of  the  raw  material  used  is  always  comparatively  small  and  the  labour  comparatively  large.  At  Stockport  there  has  been  a  meeting  of  the  masters,  at  which  a  resolution  was  passed  that  notice  be  given  to  the  operatives  to  go  upon  short  time  (or  40  hours  per  week)  from  Monday  week  next  until  No  attempt  is  to  be  made  at  present  to  reduce  wages,  although  it  was  complained  that  the  market  would  not  support  the  rates  now  giving  for  weaving.  By  this  movement  20,000  opera operatives  tives operatives  and,  upwards,  chiefly  engaged  upon  long  cloths,  T  cloths,  and  other  fabrics,  a  large  proportion  of  which  are  exported  to  India,  will  be  affected.  From  the  above  statements,  it  will  be  apparent  that  in  the  Ashton  district  about  60,000  hands,  and  at  Stockport  20,000,  will  be  thrown  partially  out  of  employment,  in  ad addition  dition addition  to  the  50,000  or  ,60,000  at  Preston,  Burnley,  and  other  places,  who  have  been  wholly  out  of  employment,  but  of  whom  a  considerable  proportion  at  Burnley  have  been  allowed  to  resume  work  for  four  days  per  week.  The  consumption  of  cotton  has  largely  increased  since  1850,  but  the  proportions  of  each  district  will  probably  still  hold  good  and  taking  the  entire  consumption  at  36,000  bales  per  week,  and  deducting  61  per  cent.  of  the  whole  for  Pres Preston,  ton, Preston,  where  the  mills  are  idle,  and  one-third  of  the  other  30t  for  short  time  in  the  other  places,  there  is  total  of  nearly  17  per  cent.  as  the  decrease  of  consumption  of  the  raw  material,  and  the  same  figures  will  give  a  tolerable  idea  of  the  extent  to  which  the  wages  fund  of  the  entire  manufacturing  district  will  be  effected.  A  meeting  of  the  working  classes  of  Birmingham,  con conwgened  wgened conwgened  by  placard  at  a  short  notice,  was  held  in  the  public  office  of  Birmingham,  on  Monday  night,  for  the  purpose  of  adopting  measures  in  support  of  the  cotton-spinners  and  colliers  at  present  or  lately  on  strike  in  various  parts  of  Lan Lancashire.  cashire. Lancashire.  An  artisan  named  Hawkesford  occupied  the  chair,  and  Mr.  Ernest  Jones  attended  to  advocate  the  claims  of  the  turn-outs  ;  but  there  was  a  miserably  thin  assembly,  of  operatives.  Out  of  the  many  thousands  of  workmen  em employed  ployed employed  in  Birmingham  and  the  neighbourhood,  the  meeting,  when  fullest,  did  not  consist  of  more  than  80  persons.  The  CHAIRMAN,  in  opening  the  proceedings,  said,  from  communications  received,  he  believed  that  numbers  of  the  spinners  gof  Preston  and  other  places  were  absolutely  starving,  in  consequence  of  the  closing  of  the  mills  ;  and  he  contended  that  if  the  masters  had  the  right  to  close  their  establishments,  the  land  ought  to  be  thrown  open  for  the  support  of  the  people.  (Cheers).  He  read  a  letter  from  Wigan,  calling  upon  the  artisans  of  the  town  and  country  to  help  the  struggling  operatives  of  that  locality.  (Cheers).  R.  CROWE,  a  working  man,  denied  the  right  of  the  master  cotton-spinners  to  close  their  mills;  they  had  no  right  to  interfere  with  labour,  which  was  the  property  of  the  work workman.  man. workman.  The  speaker  concluded  by  moving  a  resolution  to  the  effect  :  That,  in  consequence  of  the  millowners  of  Preston,  Blackburn,  Wigan,  and  other  towns  in  Lancashire,  having  closed  their  establishments,  70,000  persons  were  thrown  out  of  employment,  and  some  of  them  in  an  actual  state  of  alai  v  ation  aua  that  the  meeting  denounced  in  the  strongest  terms  the  conduct  of  the  WILLIAM  JACKSON,  a  shoemaker,  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  carried  unanimously.  W.  DALZELL,  an  operative,  who  on  former  occasions  has  appeared  as  a  turn-out  advocate,  moved:—  That,  while  deeply  sympathising  with  the  operatives  of  Lancashire  in  their  present  sufferings,  they,  the  operatives  of  Birmingham,  pledged  themselves  to  render  them  all  the  moral  and  pecuniary  assistance  in  their  (Cheers).  In  the  course  of  his  address  the  speaker  said,—Suppose  a  man  started  in  business  with  1,0001.  and  in  the  course  of  20  years  he  made  20,0001.,  living  all  the  whole  time  in  luxury  and  splendour,  I  beg  to  ask  what  was  the  con condition  dition condition  of  the  working  men  by  whom  that  fortune  was  made  during  and  at  the  close  of  that  period  ?  They  were  in  the  same  position  as  they  were  20  years  before.  (Cheers).  Now,  I  contend  that  19,0001.  of  that  20,000/.  ought  to  be  divided  as  profits  among  the  working  men:  (Load  cheers.)  A  man  named  Goucu  seconded  the  resolution.  Mr.  ERNEST  Joriss,  the  chartist  barrister,  then  came  for forward  ward forward  to  support  the  motion.  He  commenced  observing  that  they  were  met  at  a  time  when,  under  the  blessing  of  free  trade,  they  were  promised  an  abundant  trade,  cheap  bread,  and  high  wages.  It  was  singular,  however,  that  under  such  circumstances  there  should  have  been  more  strikes  than  ever  before  had  occurred  at  one  time  in  the  kingdom.  It  was  the  men  of  the  Manchester  school  who  had  given  them  the  pledges  to  which  he  referred,  although  they  were  cautioned  at  the  time  that  they  woura  prove  all  illusory.  Their  mis mission  sion mission  that  night  was  to  organise  a  resistance  to  the  conspiracy  then  existing  in  the  kingdom  of  capital  against  labour,  and  that  was  to  be  done  by  uniting  together  for  the  establishment  of  a  labour  parliament.  Free  trade,  he  said,  had  caused  agriculturists  to  go  into  the  manufacturing  d.stricts,  and  there  compete  with  the  manufacturers.  The  master  cotton cottonspinners  spinners cottonspinners  said  the  men  had  no  business  with  the  profits  only  when  it  suited  them  ;  but  when  trade  was  dull,  profits  small,  and  competition  great,  they  at  once  said  they  must  reduce  wages.  So  that  it  was  not  the  law  of  supply  and  demand  which  regulated  the  price  of  labour,  but  it  was  dear  cotton  and  small  profits  which  regulated  their  wages.  (Cheers.)  Therefore,  if  a  master  had  a  right  to  reduce  wages  because  profits  were  lower,  he  (Mr.  Jones)  contended  that  the  work working  ing working  man  had  a  right  to  demand  an  increase  of  wages  when  profits  were  larger.  (Cheers.)  The  manufacturers  during  a  period  of  brisk  trade,  robbed  foreign  nations,  and,  in  a  period  of  dull  trade  robbed  the  working-  classes  at  home.  (Cheers.)  They  (the  operatives)  did  not  want  confiscation,  nor  to  inspect  the  books  of  their  employers,  but  such  wages  as  would  enable  the  working  classes,  not  only  to  earn  enough  to  keep  them  respectably  while  at  work,  but  to  maintain  them  in  comfort  in  their  old  age.  (Cheers.)  There  were  iNce%  capitals,  money  and  labour;  and  if  money  had  a  right  to  profits,  sl  has  labour  -*hr.  more  so,  because  labour  made  the  money,  and  not  money  the  labour.  (cue...)  These  manufacturers  said  they  could  not  afford  to  concede  10  per  e  mit  ~  b STYLE=superscript  an  -  j  c..  o  nave  been  doubled,  and  made  them  100  per  cent.  (Cheers.)  The  speaker  condemned  the  present  isolated  support  rendered  to  the  turn-outs  in  Lancashire,  and  which,  in  the  case  of  Wigan,  if  not  remedied  must  lead  to  failure.  He  urged  the  necessity  of  a  labour  parliament.  The  motion  being  seconded  and  carried,  the  meeting  shortly  afterwards  broke  up.  The  collection  at  the  door  exhibited  beggarly  account  of  empty  OBJECTS  OF  THE  POST  OFFICE  INQUIRY.—A  committee  is  now  sitting  at  the  treasury  for  the  purpose  of  inquiring  into  certain  matters  connected  with  the  establishment  of  the  General  Post-Office.  They  are  engaged  upon  a  revision  of  the  system  of  appointments  and  promotions,  the  scales  of  salary,  the  numbers  of  officers,  and  the  distribution  of  busi business  ness business  in  the  Post-Office;  but  they  do  not  enter  into  ques questions  tions questions  connected  with  the  general  postal  system  of  the  coun country,  try, country,  except  in  so  far  as  such  questions  bear  upon  that  of  the  establishment.  INDIA  LAW  COMMISSION.—The  Master  of  the  Rolls  ;  the  Chief  Justice  of  thp  Common  Pleas  ;  the  Right  Hon  Sir  Edward  Ryan,  Chief  Justice  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  Calcutta  from  1838  to  1842  ;  Charles  Hay  Cameron,  Esq.  (who  succeeded  Mr.  Macaulay  and  Mr.  Amos  as  fourth  or  legal  member  of  the  Supreme  Council  of  India,  and  as  President  of  the  Law  Commission  at  Calcutta)  ;  John  M‘Pherson  M'Leod,  Esq.  (who  served  as  secretary  to  the  government  of  Madras  under  Sir  Thomas  Munro,  and  as  a  member  of  the  Law  Commission  at  Calcutta)  ;  John  Abraham  - STYLE=superscript  Francis  Hawkins,  Esq.  (who  was  ten  years  re registrar  gistrar registrar  and  two  years  a  judge  of  the  Sudder  Court  of  Ben Bengal)  gal) Bengal)  ;  Thomas  Flower  Ellis,  Esq.  and  Robert  Lowe,  Esq.;  have  been  appointed  commissioners  to  consider  and  report  upon  the  reform  of  the  judical  establishments,  judical  pro procedure,  cedure, procedure,  and  laws  of  India,  under  the  28th  sec.  of  the  Go Government  vernment Government  of  India  Act.  Frederic  Millet,  Esq.  (who  was  employed  in  1833  to  revise  the  civil  regulations  of  the  Ben Bengal  gal Bengal  code,  and  afterwards  filled  the  offices  of  secretary  to  the  Law  Commission  at  Calcutta,  and  member  to  the  Supreme  Council  of  India),  has  been  appointed  secretary  to  the  com commissioners  missioners commissioners  ;  and  we  understand  that  the  services  of  Neil  B.  E.  Baillie,  Esq.,  who  has  practised  for  many  years  in  the  Sudder  Court  at  Calcutta  as  yakeel  (a  profession  which  in includes  cludes includes  the  duties  of  barrister  and  attorney  with  us),  and  who  is  well  known  as  the  author  of  some  valuable  treaties  on  Mahonietan  law,  has  been  secured  as  assistant  sme smeary.  ary. smeary.  THE  COMBINED  FLEETS  OF  FRANCE  AND  ENGLAND.  A  letter  from  Malta,  Of  Nov.  22nd,  says  :—The  main  body  of  the  English  fleet  left  the  Dardanelles  on  the  morn morning  ing morning  of  the  9th  of  November,  in  a  quasi  calm  ;  but  early  on  the  following  day  (the  10th),  getting  a  fair  wind,  they  reached  Beikos  Bay,  in  the  Bosphorus,  during  the  same  forenoon,  the  Sans  Pareil,  Britannia,  and  Bellerophon  fol following  lowing following  each  other  pretty  closely.  The  Trafalgar  came  up  during  the  evening;  subsequently,  the  Rodney  and  Arethusa  (which  had  been  aground),  accompanied  by  the  Retribution  and  Niger;  and  on  the  14th,  the  Leander  (from  England  and  Malta),  towed  up  by  the  Sampson.  The  Arethusa  was  being  towed  up  by  the  Fury  ;  but  after  passing  Galipoli,  it  came  on  to  blow  so  hard  that  the  latter,  unable  to  go  ahead,  cast  off,  when  the  frigate,  in  making  for  an  anchorage,  on  the  northern  shore,  about  an  hour  after,  very  thick  weather  prevailing,  struck  on  the  same  sunken  rock  which  the  Fu Furious  rious Furious  had  been  on  a  few  days  previously,  whilst  conveying  Vice-Admiral  Dundas  to  Constantinople,  and  when,  as  has  been  already  announced,  he  shifted  his  flag  to  the  Tiger.  The  Fury,  seeing  the  disaster,  soon  lashed  herself  alongside  the  Arethusa,  and  took  out  all  her  upper  deck  guns,  but  she  was  not  got  off  before  the  following  morning.  A  diver  has  examined  her  since  this  second  disaster,  but  reports  no  other  damage  than  the  rubbing  off  of  a  few  sheets  of  her  copper  sheathing.  On  the  14th,  the  Capudan  Pacha,  having  in  his  suite  the  prinicpal  officers  of  the  Ottoman  and  Egyp Egyptian  tian Egyptian  fleets,  paid  a  visit  of  ceremony  to  the  British  and  French  admirals,  under  a  salute  of  19  guns  from  the  respective  flag-ships.  In  the  upward  progress  of  the  van  division  of  the  com combined  bined combined  fleets  of  England  and  Fance,  it  had  been  arranged  that  the  two  British  and  two  French  line-of-battle  ships,  with  their  attendant  steamers,  should  enter  the  Bosphorus  together  ;  and  that,  although  the  French  ships,  which  hav having  ing having  been  favoured  by  the  wind  in  getting  an  earlier  start,  had  actually  reached  the  Seraglio  Point  nearly  two  days  be before  fore before  their  English  consorts,  still  they  refrained  from  enter entering  ing entering  the  straits  without  them.  When,  however,  the  Albion  joined,  in  tow  of  two  steamers,  without  coming  to,  or  holding  any  communication  with  the  French  ships,  she  pushed  on  to  her  destination  ;  and  these  latter,  requiring  some  little  pre preparation,  paration, preparation,  oil  getting  under  weigh  with  only  one  steamer  to  each  ship,  found  the  wind  and  tide  too  strong,  and  being  thus  compelled  to  anchor  again,  did  not  eventually  reach  their  destination  until  one  day  after  the  Albion  and  Ven Vengeance.  geance. Vengeance.  It  could  matter  but  very  little  whether  the  ships  came  into  the  Bosphorus  together,  or  which  of  them  pre preceeded  ceeded preceeded  :  but  when  once  an  arrangement  or  engagement  is  entered  into  or  made  with  parties  who  show  a  disposition  to  maintain  it,  the  same  should  be  most  scrupulously  and  faithfully  observed  and  fulfilled.  •  Rear-Admiral  Sir  Edmond  Lyons,  second  in  command  in  the  Mediterranean,  arrived  at  Malta  in  the  Terrible,  from  Plymouth,  early  on  the  morning  of  the  18th,  and  left  for  the  Bosphorus  on  the  morning  of  the  19th.  The  Queen,  three threedecker,  decker, threedecker,  reached  Malta  at  noon  on  the  22nd,  and  would  im immediately  mediately immediately  leave  for  the  Bosphorus.  The  Ardent,  with  the  London  mail  of  the  Bth  of  November,  only  left  Malta  for  Constantinople  on  the  16th,  having  been  in  dock  when  the  mails  and  dispatches  arrived.  The  Caton,  French  war warsteamer,  steamer, warsteamer,  from  Constantinople,  arrived  at  Malta  on  the  14th  and  left  for  Toulon  on  the  15th.  The  Modeste  returned  to  Malta  from  Corfu  on  the  19th.  The  Balbec,  screw-merchant  steamer  on  the  19th,  and  the  Brigand  on  the  20th,  arrived  from  Liverpool  ;  the  former  left  for  Syra,  Constantinople,  and  Smyrna,  and  the  latter  for  Alexandria,  on  the  day  of  their  arrival.  The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Company's  steamer  Vectis  left  Malta  for  Naples,  Civita  Vecchia,  Leghorn,  Genoa,  and  Marseilles,  on  the  15th  ,  whence  the  Valetta,  belonging  to  the  same  company,  arrived  on  the  20th.  OSBORNE,  TUESDAY.—His  Royal  Highness  the  Duke  of  Brabant  arrived  at  Osborne,  at  half-past  12  o'clock,  from  Dover.  LIVERPOOL  SHIM'S  FOR  AUSTRALIA.—LiverpooI  excels  every  other  place  in  the  size  and  tonnage  of  the  ships  dis dispatched  patched dispatched  to  Australia,  as  the  following  figures  show  :—The  average  tonnage  from  Liverpool  in  1853  was  538;  from  London,  484  ;  and  from  other  ports,  2,33.  A  matrimonial  alliance,  we  hear,  is  on  the  tapis.  between  Mr.  William  Lowther,  nephew  to  the  Earl  of  Lonsdale,  and  Miss  Parke,  daughter  of  the  Right  Hon.  Baron  Parke.  NEW  IRISH  LANDLORDS.—  Lord  Charles  Pelham  Clinton,  brother  of  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  was  the  purchaser  of  the  whole  of  the  Bere  estates  of  the  arl  of  Bantry.  We  regret  to  hear  of  the  severe  illness  of  Major  General  the  Right  Hon.  Sir  Ger.rge  Arthur,  Bart.  There  are  but  slight  hopes  entertained  of  his  recovery.  Extreme  ill-health  obliged  Sir  Arthur  to  return  from  his  last  government  of  Bombay  in  1846.  ENGLISH  IRON  AND  COAL  LN  FRANCE.—The  import  of  coal  from  England  into  France  amounted  in  1852  to  664.633  tons  of  1,000  kilogrammes,  and:that  of  coke  to  2,733  tons.  In  the  same  year  France  received  1,792,155  tons  of  coal,  and  169,398  tons  of  coke  from  Belgium.  Coal  was  also  obtained  in  considerable  quantities  from  Rhenish  Prussia.  As  regards  pig  iron,  the  total  amount  imported  into  France  from  England  in  1852  was  15,002  tons.  She  also  received  1,841  tons  of  iron  in  bars,  and  270  tons  of  steel  from  England.  ANOTHER  FREE  TRADE  OF  TILE  —Ad-1.  vices  from  Stockholm  states  tb  at  the  members  of  the  commercia  union  of  Stockholm  have  unanimously  agreed  upon  sending  in  a  petition  to  the  King  for  a  thorough  revision  of  the  customs  laws.  The  petitioners  point  out  the  desirability  of  a  very  low  tariff  on  all  raw  materials  and  all  articles  of  food,  of  the  repeal  of  all  prohibitory  laws,  and  of  the  in introduction  troduction introduction  of  duties  according  to  measure  and  weight,  in instead  stead instead  of  ad  valorem.  _  QUARANTINE  REGULATIONS  AT  GIBRALTAR.-All  vessels  arriving  from  Great  Britain  and  the  northern  ports,  with  clean  bills  of  health  and  health  on  board,  be  admitted  to  free  pratique  ;  that  all  vessels  with  touched  bills  of  health,  but  which  have  had  no  sickness  on  board  during.  the  passage,  be  subjected  to  a  quarantine  of  observation  of  seven  days;  that  all  vessels  arriving  with  any  cases  of  epedemic  or  con contagious  tagious contagious  disease  on  board,  be  subjected  to  a  strict  quarantine,  with  a  guard  boat  astern,  until  the  inspector  of  health  reports  to  the  Board  of  Health,  which  will  decide  on  the  duration  of  the  quarantine  or  destination.  Tax  EXPENSE  OF  MAKING  A  BARON.-Yesterday,  a  re return  turn return  of  Mr.  Hume's  was  printed,  showing  how  4501.,  charged  in  the  civil  contingencies  of  last  year,  was  expended  in  creating  General  Lord  Fitzroy  Somerset  a  baron  of  the  United  Kingdom.  -  The  Crown-office  charges  were  3901.  15s.  4d.,  and  the  Patent-office  charges  291.  18s.  6d.  The  expenses  are  remarkahle.  To  the  Stamp-office,  1501.  2s.  ;  Lord  Chancellor,  great  seal  fee,  21.  6s.  Bd.  ;  clerk  of  the  Hanaper,  241.  13s.  4d.  ;  deputy  ditto,  11.  ls.  ;  Lord  Chancellor's  purse  bearer,  Si.  ss.  ;  porter  to  great  seal,  11.  ls.;  gentleman  to  ditto,  6/.  ;  sealer,  1/.  2s.  6d.  ;  deputy  ditto,  10s.  6d.  ;  chaff  wax,  1/.  2 STYLE=superscript  s.  6d.  ;  deputy  ditto,  10s.  6d.  ;  royal  household,  1041.  6s.  10d.;  principal  usher  of  Scotland,  61.  13s.  6d.  ;  Scotch  heralds,  16/.  ;  English  ditto,  36/.  ;  earl  marshal,  51.;  garter  king  at  arms,  20/.  '  •  gold  emblazoned  skin  and  boxes  to  hold  patent  and  seal  , STYLE=superscript  91 STYLE=superscript  .  Of  the  Crown-office  charges  201.  went  to  the  attorney attorneygeneral,  general, attorneygeneral,  and  71:  7s.  6d.  to  the  clerk  of  the  patent  to  the  attorney-general,  and  11  10s.  the  stamp  duty  on  warrant.  To  the  engrossing  clerk,  1/  ls.  for  engrossing  the  warrant  and  for  parchment.  Thus  was  spent  4201.  in  making  a  member  of  the  house  of  peers.  The  authority  is  ancient  CONSECRATION  or  BISROPS-On  yesterday  morning  the  ceremony  of  consecrating  the  newly-appointed  bishops  of  Natal  and  Graham's  Town,  took  place  in  St.  Mary's,  Lam Lambeth.  beth. Lambeth.  The  officiating  prelates  were  the  Archbishop  of  Canterbury,  the  Bishop  of  London,  and  the  Bishop  of  Ox Oxford.  ford. Oxford.  The  church  was  crowded,  although  admission  was  obtained  only  by  tickets.  Long  before  the  hour  appointed  for  the  ceremony  the  bells  rang  a  merry  peal,  and  the  church  organ  played  appropriate  and  solemn  music.  The  reverend  divines  elevated  were  the  Rev.  Dr.  John  William  Colenso,  of  St.  John's,  Cambridge,  and  the  Rev.  Dr.  John  Armstrong,  of  Lincoln's  College,  Oxford  ;  the  former  nomi nominated  nated nominated  to  the  bishopric  of  Natal,  and  the  lattar  to  the  bishoptio  of  Graham's  Town  Tlivine  service  was  performed  1,  7  *I..  Bolt  Marlos  Dalton,  the  rector,  assisted  by  the  Rev.  Messrs  James,  Ensom,  and  Gregory;  after  which  the  Bishop  of  Oxford  ascended  die  pulpit  and  delivered  a  most  appro appropriate  priate appropriate  and  impressive  sermon.  After  the  service  the  new  bishops  were  duly  admitted  to  their  sacred  office  by  the  imposition  of  hands.  The  proceedings  occupied  several  hours.  TWO  HUNDRED  AND  FrETY  LIVES  LOST  BY  SHIPWRECK.  -It  is  our  painful  duty  to  record  the  details  of  another  fearful  catastrophe  at  sea,  the  wreck  of  the  British  ship  Lady  Evelyn,  Captain  M'Clellan,  commander  while  on  a  voyage  from  Hon  g  -Kong  to  San  Francisco,  and  the  loss  of  no  fewer  than  25lives.  The  ill-fated  ship-a  Quebec  built  a  vessel  of  875  tons-left  Hong-Kong  on  the  29th  June  with  a  cargo  of  merchandise,  having  also  on  board  230  Chinese  emigrants  and  some  other  passengers,  amongst  whom  were  an  English  gentleman  named  Sutton,  Major  Poore,  of  the  American  service,  and  two  Portuguese  merchants.  Soon  after  leaving  port  she  encountered  bad  weather,  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  which  she  was  compelled  to  put  into  Amoy  to  refit.  She  left  Amoy  on  the  . STYLE=superscript  l6th  of  July.  On  the  19th,  a  violent  storm  came  on  ;  and,  notwithstanding  all  the  efforts  of  her  crew,  she  struck,  about  four  o'clock  on  the  following  day,  on  a  reef  known  as  Richard's  rocks,  off  the  south-east  end  of  the  island  of  Typaisan,  lat.  24.  42  N.,  long.  125,  26  E.  Such  was  the  force  with  which  she  struck,  that  she  parted  immediately  just  abaft  the  mainmast,  the  after  part  of  the  ship  drifting  away,  loaded  as  it  was  with  human  beings,  not  one  of  whom  escaped.  The  longboat  having  been  de destroyed  stroyed destroyed  by  the  fall  of  the  mainmast,  which  killed  several  persons  who  were  standing  around  it,  Mr.  M'Rae,  the  second  mate,  one  or  two  of  the  cabin  passengers,  and  about  30  other  persons,  took  to  the  fore-riggin  g  .  There  they  remained  until  tu  e'se  o'clock  the  followin  , STYLE=superscript  rday,  when  they  made  an  attempt  to  reach  the  shore.  Whether  all  succeeded  is  not  known,  but  amongst  those  who  did  were  Mr.  M'Rae,  the  steward,  M‘Gee  ;  three  able  seamen,  named  Purdy,  Peter  Josephs,  and  Benjamin  Tucker  ;  one  of  the  Portuguese  pas passeitgers,  seitgers, passeitgers,  two  females,  and  22  Chinamen.  One  of  the  Chinese  women  was  also  safely  carried  ashore  on  a  spar.  The  survi survivors  vors survivors  of  this  fearful  catastrophe,  who  were  most  kindly  treated  by  the  natives,  remained  on  the  island  two  months  and  four  days,  until  they  were  taken  off  by  her  Majesty's  steamer  Hermes,  which  had  been  sent  in  search  of  them.  [We  published  an  account  of  the  lamentable  loss  of  this  vessel  so  far  back  as  the  31st  October;  but  as  the  above  contains  more  full  details,  and  as  all  the  London  journals  record  them  now,  we,  too,  place  them  before  our  readers.]"
