text
"lave:!,  and  by  whi  h  he  was  s.,  de,erviugl;  fared  to  th  to  sfoTto  .et  and  disasters  of  tt,e  cainpai,;ll  hry  might  look  wita  are  c,un  .e  ce  .o  the  future,  co  Rissia  had  tincon  iidon  d  y  accepted  the  A  ustrian  pro  S'aould  11.:wever,  tinhappjy  appear  the,  tl:  Russia  was  to  c  igue,  tsnotile  in  the  Cri,ne4,  which  in  nuivt;  e,  Anti  e  tth  isiasin  wa.i  by  no  menu  in  e  rior  to  any  Lad  bee❑  sent  from  our  shores.  The  hon.  member  close  _  .  _  ch  occupied  about  twenty-five  muutcs,7lll muutcs,7lll  - muutcs,7lll  is.  Mr.  BAXTER,  ;n  seconding  the  address,  cong•atnlated  ti)  !tr:~  T~'  ❑p  the  r  *almost  uaity  Ott  tile  stibit,o  of  the  war,  and  the  0.1  ,ii!  in  ber  111.je,ty's  t•prech,  which  wan  bent  Autc.pated;  ihey  ~ere  I,d  to  believe  that  the  wa  r  wa,  :n  nate  i  ;  a  ma7iti,  tt  r.w.rd  the  rnenry  and  exert,  c  tiovertiment.  tll,t  tr.)ulti  give  impulse  to  the  cau  s  e  of  he,dotm  Mr.  ELI  warned  th  fl  usi  g.iinst  g'o'ng  too  much  a  ti  the  prop)ect  of  pease,  Which  at  present  wa  Veal  hyrothe.is,  terms  cou'd  n  )  t,  th  ere  .  •  criticised.  Under  such  eircumstdrice,,  the  I  ler?.  Churl  P  ore.  he  pro,  , STYLE=superscript  cr  i STYLE=superscript  t  i  41ature  occupy  a  poiiti9n  of  dignified  rese.ve,  though  he  ryas  f  opinion  th  at STYLE=superscript  the  in.:etirq  of  Parliament  would  exercise  a  beneh  ial  inff  ie:lee  neg  , STYLE=superscript  )ci.  , STYLE=superscript  tions,  He  charged  certain  incmb  •re  of  the  Govcrnme  wirh  in,liscretion  and  inconsistency  in  speaking  too  freely,  8  1  10  cite  d  .  _  _  ing  to  the  conduct  of  the  war,  p.siagett  from  speeche;  delivered  by  them  on  recent  oceaaions  relay  The  objee's  of  the  war  he  declared►  were  not  to  succour  oppressed  nationalities,  not  to  glin  miiitari  renown,  or  to  restore  tin  lustre  of  the  country.  Of  the  rece  lo STYLE=superscript  events  of  the  war,  they  had  to  deplore  the  fall  of  Kars,  o'  and  of  the  treatment  of  its  brave  defenders,  who  had  been  deserted►,  and,  perhaps,  betrayed,  it  was  the  duty  of:the  Government  to  gi  g° STYLE=superscript  some  ex  r  halation.  Lord  PALMERSTON  observed  that  it  was  not  on  aecou.3  of  any  failing  in  the  resources  of  the  country,  or  in  the  exertions  of  the  hrmy,  that  the  English  Government  had  been  led  to  assent  to  the  terms  proplsed  to  Hassle  by  Austria.  On  the  contrary,  he  W  s STYLE=superscript  :  cedvince.l,  that  if  th  e  war  were  protracte  d  ,  betty  terms  might  b STYLE=superscript  obtained,  but  he  th  oug  h  t  t  h  at  t  h  e  objects  of  the  'C'r  would  be  gaine  1.  and  that  th  e  i  n  terests  of  tb  ,4 STYLE=superscript  country  would  be  best  served,  by  the  conclusion  of  pr  ae STYLE=superscript  :  if  it  could  be  arranged  on  safe  and  honourable  terms.  agreed  with  Mr.  Disraeli  that  th  e  f  act  that  the  Legislature  W  s-  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  sitting  would  be  of  advantage  in  th  e  course  o  f  the  negociation  ,  ,  the  House  of  Commons  had  to  guard  against  too  much  intafere  oC9 STYLE=superscript  with  the  Government.  The  country  might  rest  assured  that  the  min  stry  would  not  abandon  any  principle,  or  forego  any  °l)je4 STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  that  the  country  had  a  r  i  g  h  t  t  )  expect.  With  regard  to  the  f4  i.  , STYLE=superscript  o  f STYLE=superscript  Kate,  the  noble  Lord  expressed  his  regret  at  the  orcurrence,  jfld  o  bserved  that  nothing  had  been  wanting  on  the  part  of  the  G)v  efr STYLE=superscript  a  went  of  England  to  prevent  the  unfortunate  calamity.  lie  refe  r STYLE=superscript  '',  to  the  szailaut  candurt  of  General  Williams,  which,  he  said,  unexampled  in  rnilita.y  hist  o  r  y  .  I  n  _  reference  to  t'e  meas  uref  o  f  promised  in  her  Mibje,ty's  sp  e  ech,  h  e  s  t  ates  h  i  s  b  elief  that  lb  would  be  found  to  conduce  to  the  interests  of  the  country.  Mr.  ROEBUCK  remarked  that  the  speech  of  the  noble  Lord  0  inconsistent,  inasmuch  a  s  ,  w  hil  e  admitting  the  advanta?e  of  t STYLE=superscript  [i  assistance  of  Parl.  a  me  nt  i  n  th  e  negotiations  for  pece,  he  had  tlel  l STYLE=superscript  '  e STYLE=superscript  e  t  to  members  the  right  to  speak  uon  the  subject,  and  had  01 STYLE=superscript  :  d  f,  them  to  place  unlimited  confidence  in  the  Government,  He  Roebuck)  bad  no  confidence,  and  he  did  n  believe  the  c  not  d  would  place  unlimited  confidence  in  the  noble  Lord.  They  - STYLE=superscript  if  been  led  improvidently  Into  a  great  war  which  had  been  ineffiCie!,of  conductel,  and  it  becam  e  th  e  i  r  duty  to  see  that  the  country  did  come  out  of  i  , STYLE=superscript  with  disgrace.  Our  army  h.d  suffered  serere  l STYLE=superscript  i  r STYLE=superscript  o  f  the  Crimea,  and  h  a  d  b  een  repulsed  at  the  Redan  ;  and  the  Englill)  had  returned  twice  from  the  Baltic  without  gaining  any  advalifkpol  Our  arms  hid  b  een  tarnished,  and  though  it  was  said  Sel•as•°,,i,  was  taken,  the  Russians  rema;ned  there,  and  we  were  St  11  held  He  b.lieved  that  the  object  of  this  war  was  to  defend  our  I  -  •  sessions,  which  were  in  dang  , STYLE=superscript  r  tom  Russi:tn  aggres,ion,  olject  would  not  be  gained  by  the  terms  proposed  by  Austri,,  would  Constantinople  be  in  safety  wh  le  Sebastopol  exist  d  thought  that  it  would  ha  advisable  to  make  another  catnra;  e  .  drive  Rus  3la  out  of  the  Crimea,  to  fo:rn  the  Principalities  9.'  0 STYLE=superscript  rahia  into  a  kingdom,  and  that  he  believe  I  a  ll  t  h  e  objcets  Ot  t  war  would  be  ;Arcot-I-TU:le  I.  Atter  a  few  words  from  Er.  TAFFOI3.I),  in  reference  to  f  the  med  c  I  even  s  of  the  way"
