text
"PRUSSIA,  From  Berlin,  under  date  of  the  24th  instant,  we  learn  that  it  has  been  determined,  at  a  council  at  which  the  King  presided,  that  Prussia  will  make  no  very  open  demonstration  of  her  wish  to  be  ad admitted  mitted admitted  to  the  Conferences.  It  is  expected  here  that  the  Conferences  will  soon  resolve  into  11 STYLE=superscript  ,,•  general  Congress,  to  which,  o  f  course  Prig.‘,l6  would  be  summoned.  Diplomatic  relationS  between  the  representative  of  Russia  and  those  of  the  Western  Powers  have  beer'  partially  resumed,  On  their  last  meeting  in  public,  the  Baron  de  Budberg  and  Lord  Bloom-.  field  were  in  conversation  for  a  considerable  time-  The  news  of  the  Russian  acceptance  has  been  received  very  coldly  in  Sweden.  The  national  feeling  there  is  greatly  disappointed  at  the  pros'  pects  of  peace.  A  letter  dated  the  23rd  instant,  states,  that  a  number  of  statements  are  afloat,  in  what  are  canc.('  the  well-informed  circles,  viz.,  that  the  Western  Powers  take  the  Russian  acceptance  as  a  valid  acceptance  ;  that  they  have,  accordingly,  sent  off  instructions  to  their  Generals  in  the  Crimea  to  abstain  from  hostilities  while  a  truce  is  being  pro'  pared  by  the  diplomates  in  Vienna,  and  every  other  desirable  thing  that  the  imagination  can  build  up  'he  above-mentioned  basis.  The  official  announcement  of  the  telegraphic  information  from  St.  Petersburg,  that  Russia  had  accepted  the  Austrian  proposals,  left  Vienna  last  Friday.  the  18th  instant.  On  this  the  Western  Powers  cannot  take  any  formal  step,  whatever,  butt  must  wait  for  the  official  communication  of  the  Russian  official  despatch  containing  the  accept acceptance  ance acceptance  of  the  Austrian  four  or  five  points.  This  document  cannot  have  reached  Vienna  before  last  night,  or  this  morning.  Not  until  this  written  despatch  has  been  received  and  communicated.  can  anything  like  a  judgment  be  formed  in  whet  way  Russia  has  accepted  the  proposals,  and  on  that  will  depend,  in  some  degree,  whether  the  Western  Powers  will  adopt  the  proposals  as  their  own,  with  or  without  the  annexation  of  the  con conditions  ditions conditions  which  the  Western  Powers  feel  bound  to  stipulate  in  the  interest  of  Europe,  but  which  Austria  felt  impelled,  in  the  interest  of  Austria,  to  withhold.  As  soon  as  Austria  is  in  possession  of  Russia's  official  acceptance,  in  black  and  white,  and  has  communicated  it  to  the  Western  Powers,  we  mai  confidently  expect  that  she  will  lay  the  matter  before  the  Bund,  and  bring  in  a  motion  op  , STYLE=superscript  the  subject,  either  with  or  without  Prussia's  adhesion.  The  object  of  this  motion  will  be  to  get  Germany  to  adopt  the  Four  Points  in  her  owo,  present  version  as  a  m  i  n  i  mum.  The  application  4:0.  it  when  gained  (if  gained)  will  be  to  keep  Russa'  from  receding  from  the  advances  she  has  made  ;  to  restrain  the  Western  Powers  from  making  any  fur'  ther  demands  not  yet  expressed;  or  if  they  do,  t°,  prepare  for  herself  an  infl  uen  ti  a  l  b  o  d  y  to  I  falle  back  upon  when  re  s  i  s  ti  ng  th  e  remonstrances  c'  the  Western  Powers  calling  upon  her  to  go  further.  The  fate  of  this  motion  may  be  easily  foreseen;  fit  far  as  the  present  Austrian  version  of  the  two  firs'  points  already  adopted  by  the  German  Confoderw  tion  improves  them  by  more  clearly  defining  there  , STYLE=superscript  it  will  be  adopted  ;  the  other  two  points,  11 STYLE=superscript  °  5 STYLE=superscript  being  recognised  as  German  interests,  will  pro,'  bably  not  be  accepted  at  all;  and  most  certainly  will  no  obligations  connected  with  the  ment  of  any  of  th  em  b  e  entered  into  by  Prussia  and  the  rest  of  Germany.  PIEDMONT.  Advices  dated  Turin,  January  20,  inform  us  tli  9 STYLE=superscript  the  unexpected  intelligence  promulgated  by  mean  of  telegraph  within  the  last  two  or  three  days  nntS  fairly  be  said  to  have  elect  r  ifi  e  d  the  world,  ati  caused  speculations,  both  moral  and  material,  011 STYLE=superscript  ,  the  vital  questions  of  p  eace  or  war,  which  naturally  supercedes  every  other  topic  here,  as  ti  doubt  it  has  in  most  other  parts  of  EuroPe;  On  the  Bourse  the  us  ua  l  e  ff  ects  of  such  news  immediately  perceptible.  To  many  in  Italy,  (/ STYLE=superscript  .  6  course,  the  id  ea  o  f  peace  at  the  present  moment  10  apparently  so  ;  the  shipwreck  of  l  ong  cherished  hopes,  at  let'  s STYLE=superscript  ..  though,  perhap  s  ,  as  i  n  most  °  the;  cases,  the  result  may  prove  the  shortsightednes  of  their  own  views.  The  Official  Gazette  of  Verona  and  Milan,  in  dig  ; STYLE=superscript  cussing  the  substance  of  the  despatches  fr°  Vienna  and  Paris  of  the  last  two  days,  are  hy  means  inclined  to  place  much  faith  in  pe'  l° STYLE=superscript  4l  ,  l STYLE=superscript  resulting  immediately  f  rom  t  h  e  present  Russi'd  acceptation  of  the  A  us  t  ro  -W  estern  proposals,  as  °lly  remind  their  re  a  d  ers  o  f  the  unsatisfactory  conoto  sion  of  similar  negociations  last  year,  and  attril?g  e  o  the  conciliatory  t  one  o  f  the  St.  Petersburg  to  the  menacing  attitude  of  that  of  Vienna  now.  6.  The  views  of  th  e  V  erona  and  Milan  Gazettes  u'.  generally  shared  by  people  of  all  political  opili  l° STYLE=superscript  t  io  as  regards  the  uncerta  i  nty  of  peace,  but  as  ,  1  ,0  credit  due  to  th  e  Vi  enna  Cabinet  for  its  part  in  transactions,  a  very  wide  difference  exists."
