text
"COURT  OF  PASSAGE.-YESTERDAY,  (Before  EDWARD  JAMES,  ESQ.,  Q.C.,  Assessor.)  MELLou.  v.  MARSHALL.  Mr.  Tindal  Atkinson,  instructed  by  Mr.  Boggil,  appeared  for  th  e  pl  a  i  n  tiff  ;  an  d  M  r.  Bl  a  i  r,  instructed  by  Mr.  Brabner,  for  the  defendant;  and  in  the  words  of  the  declaration,  the  action  was  brought  against  the  defendant,  for  improp  er  ly  conver  ti  ng  th  e  p  l  a  i  nt  iff'  s  goods.  In  his  plea  the  defendant  set  forth  that  he  was  not  guilty—that  he  did  not  convert  the  goods  ;  and  that  if  he  did  convert  them,  he  had  the  plaintiff's  consent  f  or  d  o  i  ng  so.  It  appeared  that  the  plaintiff  had  been  the  tenant  of  the  defendant  for  a  certain  house  and  shop  in  St.  Ann  Street.  It  suited  his  purposes  to  leave  the  house  before  the  expiration  of  his  term,  and  the  sole  question  raised  in  the  present  action  was  whether  or  not  the  defendant  had  ac accepted  cepted accepted  unconditionally  his  surrender.  On  the  part  of  the  plaintiff  it  was  alleged  that  the  surrender  was  accepted  unconditionally,  while  on  the  part  of  the  defendant  the  contrary  was  maintained.  lie  alleged  that,  on  quitting  the  house  and  shop,  the  plaintiff  had  given  up  the  fixtures  as  an  equivalent  for  the  rent  then  due,  and  for  that  which  would  accrue  on  the  unexpired  term.  The  defendant  accordingly  appropriated  the  fixtures  ;  and  the  present  action  was  brought  by  the  plaintiff  to  recover  their  value.  Much  irrelevant  matter  was  gone  into,  but  the  leading  facts  of  the  case  were  brief  and  simple.—The  Jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  £6.  SMITH  V.  PYER.  Mr.  Mc  Aubery,  instructed  by  Mr.  Wheeler,  appeared  for  the  plaintiff;  and  Mr.  Brett,  in instructed  structed instructed  by  Mr.  Berket,  for  the  defendant.  The  plaintiff  is  a  widow,  and  her  husband  tenanted  rooms  from  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  in  khouse  in  Scotland  Road,  at  a  rent  of  7s.  a  week.  On  the  death  of  her  husband,  in  the  early  part  of  this  year,  the  plaintiff  continued  the  occupation  of  the  rooms,  but  on  the  Ist  of  August  the  defendant,  with  his  men,  came  and  expelled  her  from  them.  On  the  part  of  defendant  it  was  alleged  that  the  plaintiff  was  greatly  in  arrear  in  her  rent,  and  that  therefore  the  defendant  had  a  right  to  expel  her  Verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  255.  _  _  MEAD  AND  ANOTIiER  v.  HALL.-Mr.  Millward,  in instructed  structed instructed  by  Mr.  Fletcher,  for  the  plaintiff;  but  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  did  not  appear  either  in  person  or  by  council.  The  plaintiffs  are  grocers  and  ship  store-dealers  in  this  town,  and  the  defendant  is  the  owner  of  the  schooner  and  the  action  was  brought  to  recover  the  balance  of  an  account  for  goods  supplied,  worlc  done,  and  money  spent  about  the  The  original  debt  was  £75  15s.  9d,  out  of  which  £24  was  paid;  and  the  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  balance,  £5l  15s.  9d.  RYAN  V.  PIERCE.—Mr.  Brett,  instructed  by  Mr.  Bremner,  appeared  for  the  plaintiff;  and  Mr.  Millward,  instructed  by  Messrs.  Evans  and  Son,  for  the  defendant.  The  action  was  brought  on  two  bills  of  exchange  which  the  defendant  had  accepted,  amounting  to  £Bl  10s.  ;  and  the  jury  found  a  ver verdict  dict verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  JONES  AND  OTHERS  V.  Moss.—Mr,  Aspinall  and  Sir  George  Stephen,  instructed  by  Mr.  Cross.  appeared  for  the  plaintiff;  ;and  Mr.  Brett,  instructed  by  Mr.  Forshaw,  for  the  defendant.  The  action  was  brought  to  recover  the  amount  of  goods  sold  and  delivered,  work  and  labour  done,  and  balance  on  an  account,  stated  in  all,  £23  ss.  9d.  The  plaintiffs  are  Messrs.  Buckley,  Jones,  &amp;  Co.,  shipbuilders  in  this  town,  and  it  appeared  that  they  were  employed  about  the  end  of  last  May  to  do  some  repairs  to  a  vessel  called  the  Taymouth  then  in  the  Graving-dock,  by  the  de defendant,  fendant, defendant,  Mr.  Moss,  and  another  gentleman,  Mr.  Joseph  Thomas  Butler,  who  were  in  partnership  at  that  time  as  coal  merchants.  The  repairs  went  on,  and  payments  on  account  were  made  from  time  to  time.  In  June,  Mr.  Moss  and  Mr.  Butler  dissolved  partnership  as  coal  merchants,  but  they  still  continued  joint  proprietors  of  the  Taymouth  The  defendant  alleged  that  he  was  not  liable  for  the  repairs  of  the  vessel,  inasmuch  as  shortly  before  the  dis dissolution  solution dissolution  of  their  partnership  as  coal  merchants,  Mr.  Butler  had  become  sole  proprietor  of  her.  In  the  ship's  register  the  owners  set  forth  were  Mr.  Moss  and  Mr.  Fletcher  ;  and  the  plaintiff  further  alleged  that  the  order  for  the  repairs  vas  given  by  the  firm,  and  they  had  no  notice  given  them  by  Mr.  Moss  as  to  his  non-liability  in  this  particular.—  Verdict  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  amount  claimed.  THE  NEW  RECORD  REPOSITORY.  The  new  Record  Repository  is  progressing  towards  completion.  In  the  year  ended  the  sth  of  January,  a,300  was  allowed  for  out  of  the  public  money.  CHINA.—On  Tuesday  was  printed  a  Parliamen Parliamentary  tary Parliamentary  document  containing  a  correspondence  with  the  Super Superintendant  intendant Superintendant  of  British  Trade  in  China  on  the  subject.  of  emigration  from  that  country.  §FP-  11  ET  SERVIOR  —7+  - STYLE=superscript  appockwa  Llino  ILL  Lite  year  ended  the  sth  of  January  last,  the  home  secret  service  cost  the  country  £lO,OOO,  the  foreign  secret  service  £31,000  and  the  secret  service  (Ireland)  £4,715.  JUDICIAL  SERVICES.—The  pensions  for  judicial  services  are  beyond  the  military  and  naval  services.  Last  year  the  amount  was  £42,264.  There  are  several  retired  Lord  Chancellors  on  the  list  of  pensioners.  THE  WESTERN  FISHERIES.—During  the  past  week  upwards  of  5000  hogsheads  of  pilchards  have  been  taken  near  St.  Ives,  Cornwall,  by  one  firm.  Other  boats  have  taken  560  hogsbeads,  1,550,  and  3,500  hogsheads  respectively.  Several  thousand  herrings  have  also  been  taken,  and  have  sold  at  four  shillings  per  hundred  of  six  score.  THE  NEW  ROYAL  PALACE  AT  BALMORAL.—The  Queen's  residence  at  Balmoral,  concerning  which  we  are  often  asked,  is  making  considerable  progress,  and  promises  without  great  pretensions,  to  be  a  piece  of  solid  and  real  construction.  The  south  and  east  sides  have  been  roofed  in,  and  will  speedily  be  made  fit  for  occupation.  The  building  is  wholly  faced  with  dressed  granite,  the  mouldings  and  ornamental  portions  being  carved  on  the  spot.  Modern  agremens  will  not  be  omitted  :  two  fountains  are  in  course  of  formation  ;  pipes  to  carry  the  water  sixty  feet  high,  by  means  of  a  steam-engine  are  already  fixing.—The  Builder.  PROPOSED  STATUE  TO  PRINCE  ALBERT.—A.  meeting  is  to  be  held  at  the  Mansion-house,  on  Monday,  the  7th  of  November,  the  object  of  which  is  to  raise  a  subscription  for  the  erection  of  a  statue  to  Prince  Albert,  to  serve  as  a  national  tribute  of  respect  to  his  Royal  Highness  for  having  suggested  and  organized  the  Great  Exhibition  of  1851.  The  Lord  Mayor,  it  appears,  has  warmly  interested  himself  in  this  project,  and  the  proposal  having  met  with  the  sanction  of  many  distinguished  persons,  there  is  no  doubt  that  it  will  be  successfully  carried  into  effect.  A  good  deal  of  cor correspondence  respondence correspondence  has  taken  place  upon  this  important  subject.  The  proposal  is  to  erect  on  some  part  of  the  site  of  the  Great  Exhibition  a  monument,  the  principal  figure  of  which  shall  be  that  of  Prince  Albert,  as  a  memorial  illustrative  of  that  great  event,  and,  at  the  same  time,  to  evince  the  gra.  titude  of  the  British  nation  for  the  eminent  services  ren rendered  dered rendered  upon  that  occasion  by  his  Royal  Highness  to  the  in industrial  dustrial industrial  and  commercial  interests  of  the  community.  STATE  OF  PARTIES  IN  AMERICA.—The  New  York  Herald  thus  describes  the  state  of  parties  Tumult  and  discord  seem  to  be  the  order  of  the  day  amongst  all  parties,  clans,  and  cliques.  The  Democrats,  the  Whigs,  and  the  Abolutionists  are  split  up,  and  writhing  from  intense  com commotions  motions commotions  ;  and  now,  in  order  to  keep  up  the  spirit  of  the  time,  the  Women's  Rights  party  have  not  only  quarrelled  among  themselves  in  Convention,  but  have  taken  a  step  in  advance  of  their  contemporaries,  and  had  a  fight.  Accord According  ing According  to  our  report  of  the  proceedings,  a  most  terrific  war  of  words  took  place  prior  to  the  adjournment  of  the  last  Saturday,  on  the  subject  of  Christianity,  between  the  Rev.  Antoniette  Brown,  Lloyd  Garrison,  and  others.  Miss  Brown  defen  ct  d  ,_  !  ,  lr  In  ß  a  ib  g  l  r  e  a  .  Ida  row,fi-a  n  Garrison.ndw  hnMr.o  opposed  it.  .  3 STYLE=superscript  The  bogy  (u  reache  the  street  his  nose  was  pulled  by  a  Mr.  Nevins,  as  a  reward  for  the  uncourteous  language  he  had  made  use  of  in  the  course  of  the  debate.  The  speeches,  the  scenes,  and  the  incidents  that  have  occurred  in  this  gathering  of  the  strong  minded  are  unparalleled  for  their  comicality  and  spiciness  in  the  history  of  all  conventions  which  have  hitherto  been  held  this  DEATH  FROM  GIVING  CORDIAL  TO  AN  INFANT.—  CAUTION  TO  MOTHERS.—Before  Edward  Herford,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  city  of  Manchester,  an  inquest  was  held  at  the  Spread  Eagle,  Stretford  New-road,  touchinc  , STYLE=superscript  the  death  of  an  infant  three  weeks  old,  named  Emma  Lockett,  illegiti illegitimate  mate illegitimate  daughter  of  Jane  Lockett.  The  mother  was  called,  and  stated  that  she  called  on  her  sister,  Mrs.  Hudson,  resid residing  ing residing  at  39,  Brunswick-street,  with  the  baby  in  her  arms,  and  that  she  remaine  I  there  through  the  afternoon.  About  nine  o'clock  the  child  cried  a  good  deal,  and  her  sister  said,  Suppose  we  give  it  a  little  of  the  Infant's  which  she  had  been  in  the  habit  of  giving  to  her  own  chil children.  dren. children.  And  her  sister  said  that  she  was  going  into  Duke Dukestreet,  street, Dukestreet,  and  would  get  some.  She  accordingly  went  out  and  brought  some  stuff  back  in  a  bottle,  of  a  muddy,  brown  cast.  The  label  bore  on  it  n  f  an  t'  s  They  gave  the  child  eight  drops,  as  the  label  directed,  and  it  became  quite  ill  afterwards.  During  the  night  the  child's  colour  changed  very  much.  It  began  to  close  its  eyes  soon  after  it  got  the  stuff,  and  never  awoke  all  night.  About  eight  o'clock  in  the  morning  witness  took  the  child  down  to  her  mother,  who  said  it  was  very  ill  affected,  and  that  she  (witness)  had  better  take  it  to  Mr.  Wild,  the  surgeon.  Accordingly  she  went  with  the  child  to  Mr.  Wild,  who  said  that  the  baby  was  very  bad  from  the  effects  of  the  cordial.  He  gave  it  a  little  bottle  of  something,  but  it  went  on  still  shutting  its  eyes,  and  a  short  time  afterwards  died.  Witness  went  and  told  the  registrar  of  deaths  that  the  child  had  been  in  con convulsions  vulsions convulsions  ever  since  its  birth,  and  said  nothing  of  giving  it  the  cordial.  Mr.  Wild,  surgeon,  stated  that  death  was  caused  by  the  narcotic  given  to  the  child.  Verdict,  soned 'Poisoned'  by  the  narcotic  mixture  given  to  the  child  by  the  mother.'  The  jury  severely  censured  the  mother  and  her  sister  for  their  carelessness  and  deception,  and  recommended  that  some  steps  should  be  taken  to  stop  the  administration  to  young  children,  and  the  sale  by  druggists,  of  the  poison poisonous  ous poisonous  compounds  sold  under  the  name  of  cordials  or  preserva preservatives.  tives. preservatives.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.  ....-YESTERDAY.  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times  SUGAR.—The  demand  continues  inactive,  the  sales  being  confined  to  about  900  bags  Benares,  chiefly  at  375.  9d.  to  395.  fld.,  including  low  brown  Bengal,  at  295.  3d.  to  31s.  per  Of  UOLASSES  we  have  to  report  160  puncheons  indirect  clayed  Ctsha,  at  I6s.  per  cwt.  from  the  quay.  No  sales  have  transpired  in  either  Rum  or  COFFEE;  but  120  bags  St.  Lucia  Cocoa  are  reported  at  30s.  per  cwt.  Arracan  RICE  has  again  been  purchased  freely  at  higher  rates,  4,000  bags  having  brought  12s.  6d.  to  133.  ;  1,500  bags  Ben Bengal  gal Bengal  have  also  been  taken  at  14s.  3d.  to  14s.  9d  ;  and  6JO  bags  Moulmain,  all  faults,  at  12s.  to  13s.  9d.  per  cwt.  A  further  quantity  of  African  IVORY  (about  8i  tons)  was  brought  to  auction  to-day,  and  sold  at  prices  ranging  chiefly  from  £32.  to  £39.  per  cwt.,  being  similar  rates  to  those  ob obtained  tained obtained  yesterday.  -"
