text
"there  could  be  no  question  would  eventually  become  uni universal.  versal. universal.  He  would  just  add  a  few  remarks,  from  the  report  of  the  committee,  which  really  expressed  everything  which  could  be  desired  in  favour  of  the  alteration,  and  the  result  they  had  arrived  at  :  conclusion,  your  committee,  having  well  weighed  the  comparative  merits  of  the  existing  system  of  coinage,  and  the  decimal  system,  and  the  obstacles  which  must  neces necessarily  sarily necessarily  be  met  with  in  passing  from  one  to  the  other,  desire  to  repeat  their  decided  opinion  of  the  superior  advantages  of  :the  decimal  system,  and  to  record  their  conviction  that  the  obstacles  referred  to  are  not  of  such  a  nature  as  to  create  any  doubt  of  the  expediency  of  introducing  that  system,  so  soon  as  the  requisite  preparation  shall  have  been  made  for  the  purpose  by  means  of  cautious,  but  decisive  action  on  the  part  of  the  government.  They  believe  that  the  necessary  inconvenience  attending  a  transition  state  will  be  far  more  than  compensated  by  the  great  and  permanent  benefits  which  the  change  will  confer  upon  the  public  of  this  country,  and  of  which  the  advan advantages  tages advantages  will  be  participated  in  to  a  still  greater  extent  by  future  This  resolution  did  not  commit  the  meeting  to  any  particular  mode  in  which  this  great  measure  should  be  carried  out;  but  it  merely  asked  them  to  confirm  what  the  chamber  of  commerce  in  the  first  instance,  the  house  of  commons  in  the  second,  and  the  community  at  large,  he  hoped  and  trusted  did  think  necessary  ;  and  then  the  mode  in  which  it  should  be  carried  out,  they  left  to  the  parliament  or  country.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Bouch)  had  that  morning  received,  and  with  that  extract  he  would  conclude  what  he  had  to  to  say,  from  one  of  the  most  active  actuaries  in  town,  a  man  at  the  head  of  a  large  public  establishment  here,  and  who  came  to  them  from  :London,  who  was  himself  a  mathemati mathematician  cian mathematician  of  no  mean  celebrity  ;  in  a  letter  hastily  addressed  to  him  (Mr.  Bouch)  that  morning  he  used  these  words  :  I  do  trust  that  Liverpool  merchants  will  take  the  oppor opportunity,  tunity, opportunity,  without  pausing  to  weigh  the  comparative  values  of  the  various  plans  proposed,  unanimously  to  signify  their  wish  for  a  decimal  coinage.  Professor  de  Morgan  truly  states  that  they  diminish  labor  from  one-half  to  four-fifths,  or,  indeed,  he  might  have  said  more.  Those  computations,  with  which  I  am  professionally  more  acquainted,  would  be  almost  impracticable  if  we  did  not  first  reduce  the  present  coinage  into  decimals.  Besides  this,  lam  strongly  im impressed  pressed impressed  with  the  conviction  that  decimal  arithmetic  is  so  admirably  simple,  that  its  knowledge  :is  attainable  by  the  most  ordinary  intellect.  It  may  almost  be  said  of  it  that  it  pictorially  represents  the  principle  of  computation  to  the  eye  of  the  (Hear,  hear.)  He  thought  that  remark  very  much  to  the  purpose.  (Hear  hear.)  Before  sitting  down  he  would  again  allude  to  the  merits  of  their  worthy  county  member,  not  only  on  this,  but  on  every  public  measure  that  had  been  his  (Mr.  Bouch's)  good  fortune  to  be  engaged  with  him  in,  his  services  had  been  untiring,  most  strenuous,  and  had  never  failed  to  carry  those  measures  through  to  a  final  result.  He  hoped  he  should  be  equally  successful  on  this  occasion.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  BROWN  wished  to  say  one  word  in  explanation.  He  had  stated  that  a  great  deal  of  labour  would  be  saved  ;  it  would  be  a  labour-saving  machine,  of  which  they  quite  understood  the  value  in  Lancashire,  if  they  adopted  the  decimal  system  of  accounts  and  calculations.  But  the  effect  would  be  this  .  it  would  enable  us  better  to  meet  our  com competitors  petitors competitors  in  the  markets  of  the  world  ;  it  would  enable  us  to  cheapen  our  fabrics,  and  so  far  from  throwing  people  out  of  work  here,  it  would  increase  the  demand  for  hands,  in  order  to  produce  the  fabrics  for  foreign  export  ;  and  every  labor laborsaving  saving laborsaving  machine  was  of  the  greatest  national  importance,  as  they  had  ample  proof  of  in  Lancashire.  (Applause.)  He  was  glad  to  see  that  the  press  generally  had  taken  the  same  view  of  the  subject  as  the  resolution  which  he  proposed  took.  (Applause.)  He  reminded  the  gentlemen  present  that  all  parliamer  tary  documents  could  be  ordered  through  their  booksellers  from  Hansard's,  where  they  were  always  on  sale.  The  resolution  was  then  unanimously  agreed  to.  Mr.  TROY(As  B.  HORSFALL,  M.P.,  came  forward  to  pro propose  pose propose  the  second  resoluti  on  ,  an  d  was  ondly  cheered.  He  said  he  had  great  pleasure  in  briefly  moving  the  second  resolu resolution  tion resolution  ;  that  resolution,  recognising  the  principle  which  was  proposed  in  the  first  resolution,  and  which  had  been  unanimously  assented  to  by  the  meeting,  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  show  the  benefits  which  would  accrue  from  the  adoption  of  the  decimal  system  to  every  class  of  the  community,—to  the  scholar  and  school-master,  the  merchant  and  clerk,-the  contractor,  engineer,  and  man  of  science,  the  humblest  individual  as  well  as  the  wealthiest  in  the  community,  and  as  if  it  did  not  embrace  everybody  it  should  all  other  parties.  (Hear,  hear,  and  a  laugh.)  Now  he  quite  concurred  with  this  resolution  ;  it  would  confer  a  very  general  benefit,  he  might  say  an  universal  benefit.  (Hear,  hell%)  And  he  (Mr.  Horsfall)  was  very  much  sun,  prised,  alluding  to  the  object  of  the  meeting,  to  hear  the  other  day  an  objection,  which  he  believed  the  mayor  heard  also,  that  this  meeting  was  somewhat  inopportune  ;  that  questions  of  much  greater  importance  than  that  of  decimal  coinage  were  now  agitating  the  country—(hear,  hear)  ;  that  the  necessities  of  her  Majesty's  government,  and  the  anxie anxieties  ties anxieties  of  the  country  were  all  engaged  in  the  question  of  peace  or  war  ;  and  that  it  would  be  somewhat  out  of  place  for  the  inhabitants  of  Liverpool  to  meet  on  the  subject  of  decimal  coinage  instead  of  meeting  on  the  subject  of  peace  or  war.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now  he  (Mr.  Horsfall)  thought  there  was  a  little  difference  between  meeting  on  those  two  questious.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  met  to-day  with  the  view  of  informing  her  Majesty's  government  what  the  view  of  the  people  of  Liverpool  was  on  the  question  of  decimal  coinage,  to  enable  them  to  legislate  on  it  ;  but  he  apprehended  if  they  were  to  have  a  meeting  on  the  question  of  peace  or  war,  they  must  wait  until  they  know  whether  they  were  at  peace  or  war  ;  they  must  wait  until  parliament  met,  and  until  they  knew  what  her  Majesty's  government  had  done,  and  what  they  intended  to  do,  and  then  it  might  be  necessary  in  consequence  to  m  ee  t  t  o  know  whether  they  were  to  have  peace  or  war,  or  what  they  were  to  do.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  they  were  not  to  let  an  important  question  like  this,  and  he  desired  not  to  diminish  its  importance,  to  stand  in  the  way  of  every  other  improvement.  (Applause.)  If  that  had  been  the  case  they  might  have  been  doing  nothing  for  the  last  six  months.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Horsfall)  thought  this  a  very  important  question,  and  one  upon  which  the  inhabitants  of  the  town  ought  to  inform  the  government  what  their  views  were,  and  that  it  was  important  they  should  have  the  decimal  system  estatablished.  (Hear,  hear.)  They  might  not  all  agree  as  to  the  exact  details,  as  to  the  exact  method  in  which  the  system  should  be  carried  out.  They  had  had  many  very  excellent  plat  - STYLE=superscript  is  proposed  to  them.  The  first  was  a  plan  proposed  by  the  chamber  of  commerce  more  thanitwelve  moutheago,  and  to:which  reference  had  been  already  made  ;  and  he  Would  just  like  to  add  the  scheme  proposed  by  the  chamber  of  commerce  in  a  letter  addressed  to  the  president  of  the  board  of  trade,  before  the  appoint appointment  ment appointment  e  l  h  t  amwasbera,  an  le  d  tt  p  e  r  r  op  si  o  g  se  n  d  ed  th  b  a  y  t  th  M  e  r  c  .  oi  H  na  o  g  r  e  nb  sh  y  o  ,  of  th  e  comm  i  ttee  of  the  House  o  Commons  took  place.  u  p  id  re  b  s  e  id  a  en  so  t  ve  o  r  f  ei  t  g  li  n  e  equal  to  a  thousand  cents,  half  a  sovereign  equal  to  five  hundred  cents,  a  crown  equal  to  two  hundred  and  fifty  cents,  a  half-crown  equal  to  one  hundred  and  twenty-five  cents,  a  florin  equal  to  one  hundred  cents,  a  shilling  fifty  cents,  a  sixpence  twenty-five,  and  four'  pence,  if  maintained,  six sixteen  teen sixteen  and  two-third  cents,  threepence  twelve  and  a  half  cents,  and  one  penny  five  cents.  In  that  there  were  many  of  the  views  adopted  by  the  the  committee,  but  Mr.  Brown  had  stated,  perhaps  more  clearly  than  he  (Mr.  Horsfall)  could  state  them,  what  the  views  of  the  committee  of  the  house  of  commons  were.  He  would  just  read  an  extract  from  their  own  report  :  respects  the  coins,  it  will  be  necessary  to  withdraw  from  circulation  certain  of  the  coins  at  present  in  use,  and  to  substitute  in  their  place  certain  other  coins  having  refe reference  rence reference  to  the  decimal  scale,  before  the  decimal  system  can  be  considered  as  fully  developed.  Your  committee  contem contemplate  plate contemplate  the  retention  under  any  circumstances,  of  the  present  sovereign  (1000  mils,)  half-sovereigns  (500  mils,)  florin  (100  mils,)  and  shilling  (50  mils,  or  5  cents.)  The  present  sixpence,  under  the  denomination  of  25  mils,  might  be  re retained,  tained, retained,  and  the  crown,  or  piece  of  250  mils,  of  which  few  are  in  circulation,  need  not  be  withdrawn.  On  the  other  hand,  it  will  be  desirable  to  withdraw  the  half-crown,  and  the  threepenny  and  fourpenny  pieces,  which  are  inconsistent  with  the  decimal  scale.  With  regard  to  the  coins  not  in  actual  existence  at  pre present,  sent, present,  but  which  it  will  be  necessary  eventually  to  introduce,  your  committee  refer  to  the  evidence  taken  by  them  on  the  subject.  It  appears  to  them  that  copper  coins  of  1,2,  and  5  mils,  and  silver  coins  of  20  and  10  mils  will  be  required,  to  which  should  be  added  such  others  as  experience  may  show  to  be  desirable.  It  is  important,  however,  to  bear  in  Fund,  that  the  smaller  the  number  of  the  coins  with  which  it  is  practicable  to  effect  purchases  and  exchanges,  the  better.  Your  committee  feel  that  a  certain  period  of  preparation,  destined  to  facilitate  the  transition  from  the  present  to  the  new  system,  is  indispensable.  During  such  a  transition  pe period,  riod, period,  various  measures  should  be  adopted  with  a  view  to  pre prepare  pare prepare  the  way  for  ulterior  changes,  and  to  create  in  the  public  mind  a  desire  for  their  completion.  Several  of  the  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  on  the  part  of  her  majesty's  mint,  which  would  ulti ultimately  mately ultimately  become  necessary,  might  be  adopted  at  the  present  time  without  introducing  any  elements  inconsistent  with  the  existing  system  of  coinage  and  accounts.  Your  committee  believe  that  no  unnecessary  delay  should  prevent  the  full  in  troduction,  of  the  decimal  system,  and  they  recommend  that  the  necessary  preparatory  measures  should  be  entered  on  at  the  royal  mint  as  soon  as  This  was  much  in  unison  with  a  part  of  the  report  of  the  chamber  of  commerce  ;  but  there  were  other,  and  what  appeared  to  him  important,  suggestions  indeed,  which  had  been  thrown  out  in  a  very  able  pamphlet  by  Mr.  Theodore  Rathbone,  which  some  of  the  gentlemen  present  might  have  seen.  Mr.  Rathbone  was  asked  by  some  of  his  friends  to  put  his  statement  in  as  simple  a  form  as  he  could,  and  according  to  his  view,  which  was  to  retain—it  adopted  10d.  instead  of  ls.—  the  penny  and  so  forth.  He  said,  there  is  literally  nothing  proposed  or  required,  but  to  exchange  shillings  (or  twelve  pences)  for  ten  pences,  in  our  accounts,  and  to  stamp  in  every  circulating  coin,  what whatever  ever whatever  its  value,  the  figure  or  figures  giving  that  value  in  ten  pence  and  pence.  The  legislature  have  but  to  render  pounds,  ten  pence,  and  pence,—or  (at  option)  simply  ten  pence  and  pence,  the  only  legal  forms  of  account,  and  to  provide  for  stamping  the  existing  coinage.  That  in  his  (Mr.  Horsfall's)  opinion,  was  a  very  valuable  suggestion,  and  he  merely  laid  it  before  the  meeting,  in  order  that  they  might  consider  the  different  views  which  had  been  proposed  to  them,  that  they  might  ultimately  arrive  at  the  best.  (Hear,  hear.)  Now,  in  addition  to  that,  there  was  one  by"
