text
"many  o  should  not  like  to  see  raked  up  brought  before  the  public  eye.  Why  should  make  such  odious  of  ourselves,  as  tc  kindle  bonfires,  light  tar-barrels,  fire  off  guns  pistols,  and  three-half-penny  rockets,  and  examine  the  vaults  of  both  Houses  of  Parliament  !  to  serve  no  manner  of  purpose  under  Heaven,  save  to  create  enmity  at  home,  and  excite  .  risibility  abroad  !  Is  it  that  we  fear  Cardinal  WisEmAN  and  his  Italian  banditti,  as  we  have  lately  feared  Louis  NAPOLEON  and  the  French  Invasion  ?  But  as  Dr.  JOHNSON  remarked,  who  would  apprehend  danger  from  Popery  now,  would  have  cried  fire  at  the  D  The  fact  ti  a  custon  dency  to  create  and  perpetuate  strong  feelir  religious  asperity  amongst  the  people,  would  b  quite  sufficient  to  justify  and  demand  its  future  suppression.  But  apart  from  this  consideration,  the  serious  evils  which  it  engenders,  should  most  certainly  be  stayed  by  the  strong  hand  of  civil  power,  if  life  and  property  be  of  any  worth.  With  reference  to  Exeter  alone,  the  scandalous  and  outrageous  conduct  which  took  place  in  the  cathedral  yard  of  that  city,  and  in  presence  of  the  police  authorities—who  were  perfectly  unable  tc  cope  with  or  suppress  the  mischief—strongly  urge  the  impropriety  of  permitting  large  bodies  of  per  sons  to  associate  together  on  such  an  occasion,  and  •  .or  such  a  purpose  The  Mayor's  as  it  is  vulgarly,  but  quaintly  termed,  although  certainly  the  lesser  evil,  is  nevertheless  not  altogether  unobjectionable.  It  is  a  trumpery  piece  of  pageantry,  at  the  best—  a  mere  gaudy  gingerbread  exhibition-  —caleulatc  to  amuse  nurse-maids  and  naughty  children!  -am  even  the  cockneys  themselves  view  it  in  no  bette  public  money,  and  creates  a  serious  suspension  of  business.  But  these  are  not  all  the  injurious  con-  sequences  that  ensue.  Whil  notables  of  the  city  finish  up  with  turtle  and  champagne,  anc  quaff  libations  in  honour  of  their  titulary  divinities,  the  posse  commitatus  fail  not  to  pay  tribute  at  the  shrine  of  BAccnus,  and  imbibe  potations,  ad  libitum,  in  his  honour.  Of  course  accidents  form  part  and  parcel  of  the  day's  amusement  ;  and  for  a  weel  afterwards  the  London  papers  are  filled  with  ac  counts  of  the  same.  These  unmeaning  and  absurd  usages,  we  are  gla(  to  find,  are  falling  away  in  public  estimation.  They  do  not  meet  with  half  the  support  - STYLE=superscript  now  that  they  formerly  did;  and  every  year  lessens  the  number  of  their  supporters.  But  absurd  national  customs  die  hard,  and  rally  often  and  a  long  time  must  necessarily  ensue  ere  they  cease  to  leave  no  trace  of  theirprevious  existence  behind.  There  is  little  doubt  but  that  poSteritywill  yet  smile  at  our  ig2  °ranee  when  Munro  Huh  Enduing  of  ne  4nglin4  in  will  take  the  positi  on  a  t  present  assigned  to  Old  Mother  and  The  House  that  Jack  The  Birkenhead  County  Court  sat  yc  tried  were  of  a  trivial  and  ordinary  cha'ra  Yesterday  Mr.  Williams,  of  N  his  pocket  picked  of  £6  10.  dressed  woman  in  his  own  shop,  by  a  well-  Yesterday  morning  a  man  named  James  Sween(  bourer,  residing  in  Paul-street  ;,  was  worki  Glasgow  steamer  Topsey,  now  lying  in  theCanum  b  and  whilst  in  the  hold,  a  large  piece  of  pig  iron  fell  ul  his  head,  and  produced  a  compound  fracture  of  the  ski  Lie  was  taken  to  the  Southern  Hospital,  where  he  lies  ii  dangerous  state.  'William  Bradley,  &amp;boy  of  13  years  of  ae,  Jx-street,  Toxteth-park,  when  returni&gt;  his  father's  dinner  at  the  docks,  yesterday  afternoon,  one  of  the  lorries  on  the  dock  railway,  when  the  jerked,  and  he  falling  off,  the  wheels  of  the  other  wa  went  over  him,  producing  a  severe  scalp  wound  and  g  ,  living  at  No.  4,  sr,  from  leaving..  contusions  FATAL  ACCIDENT  IN  DRURY-LANE  whilst  John  Pierce,  a  joiner,  residh  passing  through  Drury-lane,  carryil  knocked  down  by  a  lorry,  which  T  —Yesterday  afternooi  in  Copperas-hill,  way  some  boards,  he  w  sed  over  him,  producing  1  in  the  course  of  a  few  ident,  the  unfortunate  man  1116  serious  injuries  that  he  die  hours.  Immeoiately  after  the  at.  was  conveyed  into  Mr.  R.  Walker's  Mansi  where  he  was  treated  with  the  utmost  kindnL  ,  everything  that  could  be  done  to  alleviate  his  sufferings,  wa  done  by  Mrs.  Walker.  in  fact"
