text
"-'RETURN  -, STYLE=superscript  OF•  THE  COURT  •FRO,II •FRO,II  SCOTLAND.  •  HER  MAJESTY  AT  PRESTON.  The  return  of  her  Majesty  from  the  highlands  having  commenced  on  Thursday,  great  interest  was  exited  in  Pres Preston  ton Preston  in  consequence  of  its  being  generally  known  that  her  Majesty  had  intimated  to  the  •  authorities  she  would  remain  to  lunch  at  that  town,  en  ,  route  from  Balmoral  to  London,  and  would  also  receive  an  address  from  the  Corporation.  It  appears  as  early  as  Mondaylast,  an  intimation  was  conveYed  to  Mr.:Peter  Catterall,  the  Mayor  of  Preston,  that  her  Majesty  was  sa  well  pleased  with  her  reception  at  that  town  when  returning  from  Scotland  last  year,  that  on  the  present  occasion  -  she  would  remain  to  lunch.  On  receiving  this  intimatiOn,-the  Mayor  summoned  a  . STYLE=superscript  meeting  of  the  Council,  at  which  it  was  determined  to  present  her  meeting  with  an  addiess,  - STYLE=superscript  if  such  presentation  were  agreeable  to  her  Majesty.  Accordingly,  Mr.  Catterall,  the  Mayor.  - STYLE=superscript  put  himself  in  corn cornmenication  menication cornmenication  with  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  and  yesterday  morning  received  a  letter  from  that  nobleman  stating  that  her  Majesty  would  be  pleased  to  receive  an  address  from  the  Corporation  of  Preston,  when  passing  through  the  town.  On  the  receipt  of  this  letter,  the  Mayor  summoned  a  second  MEETING  OF  THE  TOWN  COUNCIL,  which  was  held  yesterday  morning  in  the  Town  Hall,  Pres Preston.  ton. Preston.  The  Mayor  presided,  and  there  was  a  numerous  attendance.  The  MAYOR  submitted  the  letter  of  the  Duke  of  New Newcastle,  castle, Newcastle,  after  which  he  read  the  followingaddress  winch  had  been  prepared  for.  presentatio  n  t  o  h  er  Majesty  To  Her  Most  Gracious  Majesty  the  May  it  please  your  Majesty.—We.  your  Majesty's  dutiful  and  loyal  subjects,  the  Mayor,  Aldermen,  and  Burgesses  of  your  Majesty's  ancient  and  loyal  borough  of  Preston,  humbly  approach  yonr.royal  person,  to  express  our  sense  of  the  high  honor  your  Majesty  has-conferred  on  the  borough  by  having  again  made  it  the  place  of  your  temporary  sojourn.  It  has  been  a  source  of  pride•and  gratification  to  the  authorities'of  the  town,  and  to  the  inhabitants,  to  find  that  the  enthusiastic  re reception  ception reception  of  your  Majesty  on  your  former  visit  to  Preston  has  induced  your  Majesty  to  honour  our  ancient  borough  by  a  second  temporary  stay.  We  beg  to  assure  your  Majesty  that  we,  and  the  rest  of  the  inhabitants  of  Preston  at  all  times  feel  a  lively  interest  in  your  Majesty's  welfare,  and  that  of  your  Royal  Consort  and  family;  and  pray  the  Almighty  that  your  Majesty  may  long  be  spared  to  reign  over  a  loyal  and  devoted  people.  under  the  Common  Seal  of  the  Borough  of  Preston,  is  14th  day  of  October  Mr.  Alderman  MONK  moved  the  adoption  of  the  address,  and  that  the  Mayor  be  requested  to  present  it  to  Her  Majes Majesty.  ty. Majesty.  He  was  quite  sure  it  would  be  a  great  source  of  pleasure  and  gratification  to  His  Worship  to  undertake  the  office.  Mr.  Alderman  PALEY,  Jun.,  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  unanimously  agreed  to.  The  Mayor,  with  the  mover  and  seconder  of  the  address  was  then  deputed  by  the  Council  to  present'  it,  tokether  with  Mr.  T.  B.  -  -Addison,  the  Recorder,  and  the  Town Townclerk.  clerk. Townclerk.  A  copy  of  the  address  was  ordered  to  be  entered  on  the  Minutes  of  the  Council.  -  The  MAYOR  then  intimated  that  the  Magistrates  of  the  Borough  had  been  invited  to  attend,  and  on  his  suggestion,  a  resolution  was  passed  to  the  effect  that  they  should  take  place  in  the  procession  next  the  Mayor.  At  the  concluSion  of  the  Council  meeting,  the  Council  then  formed  in  procession,  headed  by  the  Mayor,  and  proceeded  to  THE_RAILWAY  STATION,  Which  was  tastefully  fitted  up  for  the  occasion,  a  large  por portion  tion portion  of  the  doWn  platform.  being  railed  off,  and  the  space  so  set  apart  for  the  reception  of  her  Majesty,  was  most  judi judiciously  ciously judiciously  applied.  At  the  furthest  end.  of  the  railed  space  a  platform  was  erected  for  ladies,  capable  of  accommodating  upwards  of  a  thousand,  and  on  this  was  ranged  all  the  rank  beauty,  and  fashion  of  Preston  and  its  vicinity.  The  station  was  profusely  decorated  with  flags  . STYLE=superscript  and  evergreens  •,  and  the  columns  supporting  the  roof  were  ornamented  with  festoons  of  flowers.  That  portion  of  the  platform  over  which  her  Majesty  had  to  pass  from.  the  royal  carriage  to  the  room  .prepared  for  her  reception,  was  carpeted.  The  en entrance  trance entrance  to  the  room  set  apart  for  her  Majesty  (the  first firstclass  class firstclass  refreshment  room)  was  hung  with.  rich  scarlet  cloth,  the  cornice  having  the  letters  V.  R.,  surmounted  by  the  royal  arms;  on  each  side  of  which  were  placed  the  banners  of  the  Royal  Lancashire  Militia.  The  platform  was  occupied  by  the  High  Sheriff,  the  Mayor  and  Corporation  of  Preston,  the  clergy,  magistrates,  and  several  of  the  directors  of  the  company,  amongst  whom  .were  Mr.  D.  Hodgson,  Mr.  D.'  -Grant,  Mr.  .Geo.  Wilson,  Mr.  Marshall,  and  .the  leading  gentlemen  of  the  locality.  The.  34th  regiment  were  drawn  up  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  station,  and  the  fine  band  of  that  regimentperformed  several  pieces  of  music  before"
