text
"(QUEENSTOWN).  Aid,  Dewer,  from  Od  xandria;  N.S.  del  Bosc  CORK  ARRIVED.--QCt.  I  Theresa,  Lindburg,  Al  Ismael;  Sivan,  Tumbrid  Davis,  Cronstadt;  Jane  Vidolich,  Taganroz.  0_  _  Callao;  Predeletta,  Barbarovich  GRANG  ARRIVED.—Oak,  Lei  SAILED.—Marie,  S.S  Mercer,  for  Rotterdam.  St.  John's,  N.B  Smith,  Putt,  Cephalo  John  Davis,  Hu  ,  Alexandria.  MO  UTH,  Oct.  1.  hton,  from  Cronstadt.  Jaeger,  for  Wolgast  ;  GLASGOW,  Oct.  2.  ARRIVED.—  Thaleatris,  Craigie,  from  Barbadoot  molasses.  Sailed  23rd  August,  on  22nd  September  , STYLE=superscript  ° STYLE=superscript  J  the  ship  St.  Andrew,  lat.  49.7;  long.'  33.16.  SO,'  spoke,  th  e  b  r  i  g  A  nne,  w  i  t  h  l  oss  o  f  g  ibb  oom,  in  lat.  4  9.11'  32-59.  Lusitania,  Cook,  from  Villa  Nova,  at  are  e STYLE=superscript  Oct.  3,  Elizabeth.,  Brown,  from  Montreal,  at  Clyde.  GREENOCK.  .4  SAILED.—Oct.  1  :  A  nn  -41‘Lean,  M•Gaw,  for  Ade  l STYLE=superscript  '  Marchioness  of  Clydesdale,  Ferguson,  for  Shedioc;  Bennett,  for  Newfoundland  ;  Lady  Arnherest,  Reid,  for„  Philip  ;  Calypso,  Shaw,  for  Demerara  ;  COningWOOdl  „  for  Mauritius.  Oct.  2:  Mischief,  Turner,  for,  Nelbolirf  Venus,  Rancliff,  for  Gibraltar.  Oct.  3:  Asia,  Watt'  Calcutta;  Eagle,  Lang,  for  Port  Philip.  IRI  FROM  LAND  comitsPoN'iitsl  titiim  Trisiit  f STYLE=superscript  MODEL  LODGING  HOUSES  :—The  Daily  tains  an  article  to-day,  on  this  subject,  giving  a  proposed  plan  for  the  - STYLE=superscript  establishment  of  Model  Houses  in  Dublin.  To  £5OO  given  by  her  Majesty  I  purpose,  £lOO  has  been  added  by  Miss  Burdett  Coutts,  £2O  by  Mr.  Vance,  M.P.,  who  has  also  given  a  house  free,  for  the  trial  of  the  first  experiment,  Accommodt  in  this  new  Model  Lodging  House  will  be  Rrovided  for  •  families,  and  ddeit  tinnily  is  to  have  a  sitting•room  two  bed-rooms  for  itself.  Baths  will  also  be  provided;  none  above  the  grade  of  artisans  will  be  admitted.  this,  as  your  contemporary  says;  rateh  good  maY  augured,  but  as  to  the  new  establishment  being  made  a  very  general  idea  with  i  egard  to  all  to  . STYLE=superscript  '  of  this  sort  in  Ireland,  you  may  put  that  down  as  ti  piece  of  anticipation  which  will  never  be  realized.  THE  RECENT  SUICIDE  IN  FRENCH  -STREET.—At  les  clue  to  the  identification  of  th  e  wretched  m  an  w  h  o  shot  self  recently  in  a  disreputable  house  in  the  above  been  obtained.  Some  tini6  a  is  stated),  a  clerk  of  the  M'  Jedburgh,  in  the  .soutl .soutlupon  upon .soutlupon  one  of  the  }'  no  On  the  25th  rs.  Mein,  wool  mer,  and,  committed  two  f  Ind  absconded  with  the  P  ceeds,  amounting  to  £7lB.  lie  had  not  siU  been  10  1 STYLE=superscript  of,  although  the  usual  search  after  him  had  been  oit  t STYLE=superscript  The  persons  whom  he  robbed  in  Jedburgh  having  te  r STYLE=superscript  !  through  the  papers  the  particulars  of  the  suicide  here,  read  the  deScription  of  the  deceased,  suspected  that  heni  i STYLE=superscript  l  be  the  culprit  ;  and  one  of  the  directors  of  the  J  e  dbta  bank,  who  is  also  a  magistrate  of  that  borough,  but  Nvli  name  'we  could  not  ascertain,  arrived  in  Dublin  on  Sat  day,  and,  having  seen  the  miniature  of  the  suicide,  at  a'  pronounced  it  so  be  that  of  the  absconding  clerk.  Ile  recognised  the  deceased's  handwriting  in  the  ni.roorana  ll STYLE=superscript  book,  and  states  that  there  can  be  no  doubt  whatev-r  as  the  identity.  One  of  the  Messrs.  Mein  is  to  arriv  e STYLE=superscript  Dublin  to-clay,  when  the  body  will  be  again  exhiuned  identification.  We  are  informed  that  the  unfortunats  0  MacFarlane,  as  he  may  now  be  called,  was  married,  has  left  a  wife  and  one  child.  The  amount  of  the  salary  enjoyed  in  Messrs.  Mein's-  employment  is  stated  to  been  £45  per  annum.  DEATHS  BY  DROWNING.--A•  woman  was  found  drova  in  the  Liffey  on  Saturday,  opposite  Sir  John  Rogers°  quay.  A  man  met  with  a  similar  fate  in  the  basin  of  Royal  Canal  yesterday.  •  As  yet  the  identity  of  neither  been  proved,  rhe  Bank  of  Ireland  has  folio'  gland  in  raising  the  rat  r  cent.  Loans  on  the  sect  however,  made  at  four  per  CC  ;.—His  Excellency  and  S'  for  Galway,  to  visit  AO?  ]SATs  or  DISCOUNT  the  example  of  the  Bank  of  Er  interest  on  all  bills  to  fiy  of  Government  Stock  an  THE  VICEREGAL  PROGRES  left  Limerick  on  Saluda  en  route.  He  will,  Tribes  to  -day  it  is  expected,  leil;e  the  Ci  THE  LATE  PARTY  AFFRAY  IN  AR3IAGH  tion  into  this  event  took  place  at  Hillsborough,  on  MO  when,  according  to  the  Armagh  ,Guardian,  the  folli  particulars  were  elicited.  It  appeared,  from  the  stag  of  Mr.  Rea,  who  appeared  for  George  and  James  Rol  that  on  Sunday  the  11th  inst.,  George  Reynolds  was  to  visit  a  Sunday-school,  Kilmarlin  ;  that  shortly  aft  left  his  house,  he  overtook  one  Connolly,  who  came  uP  him,  jostled  him,  and  asked  him  to  fight  refused,  but  Connolly  would  have  no  refusal.  Reynolds  to  fight,  in  every  way  he  possibly  last  he  consented  to  fight  in  a  meadow  convenient  to  Lagan.  Previous  to  their  beginning  to  fight,  went  over  into  Broomhedge,  and  tid  some  of  his  antes  of  the  circumstances,  who  came  back  wit  see  that  he  would  get  fair  play.  When  they  came  to  river,  Reynolds  would  not  allow  them  to  come  oval  t STYLE=superscript  world  go  alone,  and  endeavour  to  get  home  without  figh  t STYLE=superscript  '  I  He  left  the  party,  in  company  with  his  brother  and  two  P  s  w  o  h  n  e  s  n  n  p  am  re  ed  Curry  sentlytheyand  sa  w  ltr  Ireaand  large  lvvaarstyproocfeemdeinngstloainindie;l  1  the  ditches  wattiu  g  for  them  to  c  ome.  James  Connolly  ,  Bernard  Connolly,  jun.,  and  J  ohn  Catnev,  came  out  of  1 STYLE=superscript  `  crowd  in  the  direction  of  Reynolds  and  his  party.  Reyli°',  leaped  over  the  ditch  into  his  own  field,  to  avoid  the  party,  Jamas  Connollyleaped  afterhim,  struck  him  and  knocked  down.  Bern  ar  d  an  d  °Riley  then  came  and  beat  him,  cro  Kill  Shortly  they  left  off  with  commenced  on  his  brother,  John  Reynolds,  whom  they  0  .,  most  unmercifully.  He  managed,  however,  to  got  from  them,  and  ran  off,  fearing  they  would  kill  him.  ney  then  ran  at  Weir,--and  struck  him  as  he  was  get  o  over  a  ditch,  knocked  him  down  the  other  side,  l  e  aped  tti  him,  and  kicked  him  several  times  when  down.  He STYLE=superscript  o  raised  him.  up,  knocked  him  down  again,  kicked  hink_  s  ,  broke  his  ribs.  A  woman  came  up,  sh  ou  ti  ng  ,  murder  and  threatoned  to  swear  against  th  e  When  Reynolds's  party  saw  the  other  party  beating  by  they  came  to  his  assistance  ;  but,  soon  as  they  saw  t  ite  r  coming,  they  ran  off  for  their  lives  and  got  home.  t  o,S  nolds  and  Weir  went  home  and  swore  informations  ag  l STYLE=superscript  io  d  the  party  now  charged.  After  evidence  to  this  effect  been  given,  the  magistrates  decided  to  send  the  cas  e STYLE=superscript  quarter  sessions.  the  ANOTHER  GREAT  FAIR.—The  Cork  Constitution  ~  11  a STYLE=superscript  5  ad adfollowing  following adfollowing  Some  of  the  finest  land  in  this  country  li  e STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  of  joining  the  railway  junction  at  Tipperary,  the  prone  44  the  Right  Hon.  the  Earl  of  Derby.  It  is  stated  that  t  be  to  the  success  of  the  Great  Munster  Fair  the  directors  c  a STYLE=superscript  ij  Great  Southern  and  Western  Railway  are  in  treaty  wit  h STYLE=superscript  f  l  e STYLE=superscript  a  lordship  for  a  considerable  portion  of  this  property,  for  purpose  of  establishing  two  or  three  fairs  in  the  year  ,  sir  e  to  the  one  just  terminated  in.  Limerick.  Horse  races  will  3  , STYLE=superscript  1  1  be  established  there,  and  the  ground  will  be  devoted  to  su  e STYLE=superscript  ,  purposes  of  amusement  and  commerce,  as  will  tend  to  ,  crease  the  traffic  on  the  line.  The  Railway  Junction  F STYLE=superscript  la  would  be  of  considerable  importance  to  breeders  of  ca  t STYLE=superscript  and  sheep  in  this  1561  THE  WEATHER  has  frozen  very  severely  night.  In  the  suburban  districts,  the  grass  has  a  Agf  t  o  covering.  This  may  have  the  effect  of  checking  the  disease,  as,  according  to  competent  judges,  frost  is  nistie  to  it.  •  He  proq  SHARE  11  11ARKETS.-YESTERDA  h  him  LIVERPOOL.—The  advance  of  'Saturday  has  b  e STYLE=superscript  ,.;  steadily  maint  a  i  n  ed  to  day,  and  a  consid  era  bl  e  b  us  i  n  ess  '  l STYLE=superscript  been  done  i  n  L  on  don  and  Noah  Western,  Midl  a  nds,  ',  1 STYLE=superscript  :  4  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stocks.  Th  e  sa  l  es  o  f  the  '  were  :—Caledonian,  2b  - STYLE=superscript  a  , STYLE=superscript  4  .;  Eastern  Counties,  14-  East  Lancashire,  16  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  64  4  1  1  4  c  .  4;  634.  London  an  d  N  or  th  W  es  t  er  n,  1 STYLE=superscript  0  34  44c,  1033-  4c  ;  Midland,  601  60  591  I  ;  South  Eas  ter STYLE=superscript  Stock,  13  17.18.  9.  16.  3.  MANCI-lEBTER.—The  market  opened  dull  this  poll;  ping,  and  very  little  business  was  done.  In  the  afternoo  ° STYLE=superscript  j  considerable  improvement  took  place,  and  the  market  ein  c STYLE=superscript  t  firm  :---Bristol  and  Exeter,  92;  Eastern  Counties,  12;i  Lancashire,  16  ;  Laneas.iire  and  Yorkshire,  64  31,  :  4  45  „;  London  and  North  Western,  104  -3  ;  Ditto  Qrs.  C.  9  -11, STYLE=superscript  `i  Man.  Sheff.  and  Lincoln  New  £6  pref.  ip  ;  Mid!and  Consols,  60  591  60  7  1 STYLE=superscript  ,-,  ;  South  Eastern,  x.d.  IV  17  154  80 STYLE=superscript  18  1-16th  s  ;  Manchester  and  Liverpool  Dis.  Bank,  n  - STYLE=superscript  ',.  o  r  DUBLIN,  Oct.  I.—Consols,  934;  .  per  Cent  Stock  '1;  account,  94,1  ;  City  Debentures  4  p  er  cen  t.  o  f  £92  6  s  2d,  ,  Ballast  Office  Debentures  of  ditto,  (G  ov  .  S  ec  .),  97;  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  e STYLE=superscript  1  .  11 STYLE=superscript  ;  Min,  Co.,  lapd.  33  ;  Min.  Co.  of  Ireland,  £7.  pd.  Irish  South—Eastern  Railway,  £ll.  pd.,  6  ;  Waterford  Trampre,  for  account,  XI.  pd.,  2..  GLASGOW.—Fair  business  doing.  Caledo  Glasgow  and  South  Western,  62.1  k;  North  B  ADVERTISEMENTS  1  of  the  -1;'  ±,____  Advertisers  are  given  the  full  benefit  of  the  Re  Their  announcements  are  inserted  a  t  the  following  if  prep  yment  is  made.  Monthly  credit  is  only  „__  advertisers,  and  an  addition  of  ten  per  cent.  is  charged  if  not  made  on  or  before  the  10th  of  each  month.  The  folio  scale  of  Charges  for  Single  Insertion  s  sd  sd  1,2,0  r  3  lines  1  0  10  or  11  lines  3  0  18  or  19Iines,  5  0  28  4or  5  „  1  6  12  or  13  „36200  r  21  „  56  31  6or  7  „  20140  r  15  „4  0  22,  23,  or  24,  60  34  Borg  „  26  16  or  17  „46  25,  26,  or  27,6  637  And  Sixpence  for  every  Additional  two  lino  to  reg:i  38.  or  39,  Scale  of  Prices  •  fo-  Contract  Advertisements,  PAYABLE  IN  ADVANCE.  1  to  3  lines  4  or  5  lines  Insert  1  1  1  3  0  9  A  ,ths  I  6  Months  6  Or  7  lines  ..  8,9,  or  10  lines  3  7  11,12,  ar  13lines  4  9  0  14,  15,  orl6lines  5  11  0  For  every  additi additional  onal additional  3  lines  or  1  2  0  less.  Insertions.  I  Insertions  X  8.  d  4  15  0"
