text
"SERIALS  OF  THE  MONTH.*  THIS  is,  doubtless,  one  of  the  best  and  most  ably  conducted  of  the  monthly  serials.  The  present  number  is  really  a  gem  in  its  way;  and  the  poetical  contributions  from  the  exquisite  pen  of  the  well wellknown  known wellknown  D.  F.  M'Carthy,  and  others,  stand  unri unrivalled  valled unrivalled  for  real  poetic  .beauty.  Dr.  Hinck's  paper  on  the  Nimrod  exhibits  considerable  oriental  scholarship  ;  and  Dr.  Faber's  essay  on  the  Cities  of  the  will  be  found  not  less  inte interesting  resting interesting  and  instructive  by  the  lover  of  antiquarian  lore.  The  subject  matter  of  the  various  articles  is  considerably  diversified,  so  that  all  tastes  will  be  certain  to  find  something  to  feed  upon,—  From  grave  to  gay—from  lively  to  Perhaps  the  most  humoursome  paper  is  that  by  some  jovial  veteran,  who  gives  his  notion  of  a  late  trip  to  the  Boulevards,  and  who,  with  that  peculiar  naiveté  characteristic  of  his  class,  relates  much  that  he  had  heard  and  seen  there  and  back  The  opening  paragraph  is  so  quaint  that,  for  the  benefit  of  all  intended  travellers,  we  will  quote  it.  We  beg,  however,  to  assure  Mr.  Murray,  the  excel excellent  lent excellent  publisher  of  the  Hand-Books  of  Travel,  that  we  have_no  malice  prepense  in  doing  so  :  be  in  a  when  you  travel,  either  for  instruc instruction,  tion, instruction,  health,  or  amusement.  Reader,  observe  this  maxim  and  you  will  be  a  gainer.  We  do  not  mean  hereby  to  recommend  you  to  select  a  parliamentary  train  in  preference  to  the  express,  albeit  the  former  is  the  safest,  and  supplies  less  work  for  the  coroner  ;  yet  almost  every  body  rushes  madly  on  in  an  agony  of  speed,  and  doubly  so  when  they  have  no  defined  object  in  view,  with  time  and  money  at  command.  There  are  only  three  sound  conditions  under  which  it  is  necessary  or  desirable  to  emulate  the  electric  telegraph  :  when  you  expect  promotion  for  carrying  home  despatches  announcing  a  victory  ;  when  you  are  summoned  to  the  bedside  of  a  dying  friend  ;  and  when  you  are  on  your  way  to  take  possession  of  a  legacy  or  an  estate.  ,itt  all  other  times,  look  around  you  as  well  as  in  front,  and  stop  whenever  you  have  an  opportunity.  There  is  scarcely  an  obscure  nook  in  which  you  may  not  find  some something  thing something  to  reward  delay.  The  greatest  discoverieshavebeen  made  by  leaving  the  beaten  tracks  and  going  into  by-paths.  Also,  avoid  guide-books  and  local  ciceroni—dull  companions,  who  rob  you  of  the  charm  of  exploring  for  yourselves,  and  tell  you  nothing  but,what  you  knew  before,  or  can  easily,  find  out  without  them.  Again,  when  you  venture  into  strange  lands,  look  not  for  the  familiar  faces  of  Regent-street,  or  the  accents  of  your  cherished  vernacular,  but  rub  up  your  rusty  French,  German,  or  Italian,  as  they  may  be  alter alternately  nately alternately  required  ;  live  with  the  citizen  of  the  soil,  and  learn  something  of  his  ways.  Lastly,  if  you  wish  to  enjoy  your yourself'  self' yourself'  thoroughly,  take  things  as  you  find  theni  ;  submit  to  be  moderately  fleeced  (as  you  will  be  whether  or  no)  without  losing  your  temper  or  writing  a:letter  to  the  Tines,  and  give  up  the  delusion,  in  which  you  have  probably  grown  old,  that  you  are  wiser  than  your  neighbours,  and,  in  fact,  the  repre representative  sentative representative  Solomon  of  the  nineteenth  century.  We  think  it  is  Rochefoucault  who  says,  'Le  vrai  moyen  d'etre  trompe,  c'est  de  se  croire  plus  fin  que  les  autres  (The  sure  mode  of  being  deceived,  is  to  believe  ourselves  to  be  more  cunning  and  clever  than  the  rest  of  the  world.)  This  same  Rouche Rouchefoucault,  foucault, Rouchefoucault,  was  a  courtier,  a  wit,  and  a  little  of  a  roue  besides;  but  he  wrote  keen,  practical,  philosophy,  understood  human  nature,  and  knew  how  to  turn  life  to  the  best  Our  gallant  veteran,  having  some  spare  time  hanging  on  his  hands,  sets  out  on  a  joint  voyage  of  pleasure  and  business  to  the  gay  Parisian  metro metropolis.  polis. metropolis.  Our  traveller  is  not  a  stranger  on  French  ground—though  long  years  have  elapsed  since  last  he  trod  it.  He  thus  speaks  of  Paris  eight  and  thirty  years  ago  :  7  -  remember  it  when  there  was  no  street  with  a  pave pavement  ment pavement  for  foot  passengers,  except  the  '  Rue  de  la  Paix  '  and  before  gas  had  superseded  the  ancient  lamps  suspended  by  ropes,  which  inflicted  darkness  visible  rather  than  available  light.  Augustus  boasted  that  he  found  Rome  a  city  of  brick,  and  left  it  of  marble.  George  IV.  said  something  to  the  same  effect  as  regarded  London,  during  his  own  short  reign.  The  improvements  of  Paris,  completed  and  in  pro progress,  gress, progress,  are  worthy  of  a  similar  eulogium.  Thirty-eight  years  ago,  the  iuditer  of  this  gossip  formed  a  very  insignificant  faction  of  a  mighty  whole  which  marched  along  the  Boule Boulevards,  vards, Boulevards,  under  the  shadow  of  the  stately  trees,  now  sacrificed  to  liberty  and  equality,  with  drums  beating,  and  the  stan standards  dards standards  of  various  nations  fluttering  in  the  breeze,  arrayed  in  the  proud  panoply  of  war,  gorgeous  in  glittering  uniforms,  and  swelling  with  recent  conquest.  Such  a  gittin'  up  stairs'  has  never  been  seen  again,  and  can  scarcely  be  looked  for  above  once  in  twenty  generations.  Many  tens  of  thou thousands  sands thousands  who  look  past  in  that  stirring  scene  have  been  gathered  in  by  the  sickle  which  spares  no  one  ;  while  we,  with  other  survivors,  have  long  subsided  into  the  noiseless  obscurity  of  the  half-pay  list—useless  encumbrances,  held  in  holy  detestation  by  Joseph  Hume  and  the  economists,  who  think  we  are  called  upon,  ;as  disinterested  patriots,  to  die  simultaneously  by  common  consent,  at  the  conclusion  of  the  great  war.  We  had  done  our  work,  and  should  have  de departed  parted departed  with  The  writer  not  only  philosophises,  but  solilo soliloquises  quises soliloquises  and  moralises  at  pleasure.  He  is  likewise  in  the  classics,  and  doubtless  exercises  skill  in  - STYLE=superscript  the  application  of  that  sort  of  lore.  This  will  be  at  once  perceptible  upon  perusing  the  introduc introduction  tion introduction  to  a  most  amusing  incident,  which  we  beg  to  recommend  to  the  attention  of  the  author  of  New  and  the  learned  Editor  Notes  and  Queries  course  not  forgetting  the  sapient  reader—  London  to  Dover  (now  by  a  ridiculous  recent  affec affectation  tation affectation  changed  into  Dovor),  the  express  whirls  you  in  two  hours.  Having  time  on  hand  before  the  packet  sailed,  I  walked  up  to  Shakspeare  and,  when  I  reached  the  summit,  repeated  the  immortal  bard's  description  to  myself,  the  crows,  and  the  murmuring  surge,'  as  in  duty  bound.  The  Cliff  must  have  declined  in  height  since  that  beautiful  imagery  was  composed,  or  is  indebted  to  the  genius  of  the  poet  for  exaggerated  proportions.  My  thoughts  reverted  to  Suniuni  and.  Leucadia,  the  temples  of  Minerva  and  Apollo,  Falconer's  Shipwreck,'  and  the  sacrifice  of  the  love-sick  Sappho.  I  had  seen  both  the  classic  headlands  of  Greece,  and  thought  them  more  formidable.  I  looked  for  the  sam samphire  phire samphire  gatherers,  but  either  they  had  gone  to  dinner,  or  the  dreadful  trade'  has  ceased  its  dangerous  attractions.  While  I  was  indulging  in  rumination,  '  the  world  forgetting,  by  the  world  forgot,'  a  worthy  official  of  the  coast-g  uar  d,  w  h  ose  station  was  close  by,  and  singularly  ill-placed  for  patrolling  the  beach  below,  came  up  and  accosted  me.  He  'informed  me  that  I  was  standing  on  a  very  celebrated  spot.  To  this  I  assented  readily_;  and  then  inquired  if  he  could  tell  me  of  anything  remarkable  that  had  ever  happened  there.  o,yes,'  he  returned,  '  the  Duke  of  Gloucester  was  going  to  throw  himself  over,  only  Mr.  Shakspeare  would  not  let  him.  &#34;'How  long  ago  did  this  happen  ?  '  A  good  many  years.  '&#34;What  Duke  of  Gloucester  ?  '  I  ventured  to  ask,  hesita hesita_  _ hesita_  whis  question  puzzled  my  informant  for  a  moment.  He  had  never  heard  but  of  two,  the  late  Silly  Billy,'  and  Richard  of  evil  fame,  with  the  hump-back.  He  knew,  and  had  often  seen  them  both—the  first  in  person,  the  last  by  deputy,  on  the  stage.  He  could  not  be  quite  positive  which,  but  one  of  these  it  was  most  certainly.  Noting  down  this  new  reading  of  King  Lear,  as  a  valuable  contribution  to  the  next  volume  of  Shakspeare's  notes  and  corrigenda,  I  descended  to  the  steamer  and  Our  author  crosses  over  to  Calais—from  thence  right  on  to  the  gay  'city,  vividly  painting  the  scenery  as  he  passes,  and  enlivening  it  with  his historical  torical historical  associations.  We  shall  halt  with  him  at  the  station  house  hall,  along  with  a  motley  group  of  travellers  :  at  Paris,  and  while  you  are  waiting  in  the  hall  of  the  station-house,  until  your  luggage  is  announced  as  ready  for  the  inspection  of  the  custom-house  officers,  who  give  very  little  trouble,  you  will  be  amused  by  the  various  advertisements  affixed  to  the  walls,  generally  accompanied  by  an  English  translation,  of  which  the  following  may  be  considered  as  a  The  omnibus  to  the  all  wards  of  Paris  ;  also  a  hired  coach,  to  hold  four,  six,  or  eight  per persons  sons persons  when  it  The  constant  influx  of  English  visitors  has  caused  the  language  of  our  nation  to  be  almost  as  indispensable  as  French,  but  the  Saxon  idiom  is  some sometimes  times sometimes  a  little  de-composed.  I  read  in  the  printed  list,  at  a  cafe  restaurant,  in  one  of  the  most  frequented  quarters,  this  notice  As  the  waiter  is  responsible  for  the  all  things,  if  broken  it  will  be  charged  in  the  bill  at  his  just  And  in  more  than  one  shop  window  appears  this  startling  an announcement  nouncement announcement  The:English  spiked  Polyglot  ad advertisements  vertisements advertisements  are  ingenious  and  convenient,  and  are  becoming  popular  everywhere,  in  London  as  well  as  on  the  Continent.  The  best  of  thitkind  that  ever  appeared,  was  placed  under  the  signboard  of  a  frontier  inn,  but  I  cannot  recollect  the  exact  locality  :  '  In  questa  casa  troverete  Tout  ceque  I'on  pent  souhaiter,  Vinum,  panem,  pisces,  carries,  Coaches,  chaises,  horses  ,  harness  Net  follows  a  humoursome  description  of  a  scene  enacted  at  Meurice's  Hotel—which  hotel  is  commended  both  for  the  reasonableness  of  the  charges,  and  the  excellence  of  the  table  d'hote,  by  the  way,  matters  worthy  of  no  small  note  in  those  days  of  unreasonable  fleecing—for  which  see  the  Times  for  the  past  three  months.  But  we  are  digressing  :  The  gue  . STYLE=superscript  sts  being  English,  all  think  themselves  called  upon  to  speak,  or  try  to  speak,  French,  in  compliment  to  France.  The  waiters  being  French,  all  endeavour  to  deliver  themselves  in  English,  in  compliment  to  England.  This  interchange  of  the  'entente  cordiale,'  leads  to  a  vast  disburse disbursement.of  ment.of disbursement.of  unintelligible  babel,  making  it  sometimes  diffiCult  to  obtain  what  you  want,  and  in  the  midst  of  which  we  once  heard  an  irascible  Londoner  roar  out-  4 STYLE=superscript  Garsong,  d--  your  eyes,  bring  me  tine  serviette  !'  After  gratifying  our  curiosity  with  an  elegant  de description  scription description  of  the  public  buildings  in  Paris,  and  Con Contrasting  trasting Contrasting  them  with  the  dingy  sights'  of  our  own  metropolis  —our  agreeable  traveller  proceeds  to  notice  the  politesse  of  the  English  and  Continental  nations,  which  he  illustrates  by,  examples  :  A  Frenchman  is  habitually  Courteous  and  polite  to  all  strangers  requiring  information.-  He  will  go  a  hundred  yards  to  direct  a  bewildered  foreigner  who  has  lost  his  bearings.  Not  so  in  England.  In  nine  cases  out  of  ten,  it  is  better  to  trust  to  chance  than  to  ventnre  questions.  If  you  ask  a  passer-by  which  is  William-street,  either  he  is  a  stranger,  or  can't  tell,  or  he  is  disobliging,  and  wont.  Once  in  York Yorkshire.  shire. Yorkshire.  I  civilly  requested  a  lout,  who  was  swinging  on  a  gate,  in  all  the  lazy  luxury  of  independence,  to  tell  me  the  road  to  Barnsley.  He  took  his  pipe  deliberately  from  his  mouth,  said,  in  his  barbarous  'patois,  Go  and  and  then  burst  into  a  horse-laugh  at  his  own  wit.  I  was  strongly  tempted  to  humanize  him  with  a  horsewhip  ;  but,  unluckily  he  was  the  abler  of  the  two.  The  incident'  contrasts  fearfully  with  the  polished  urbanity  of  a  Tuscan  peasant,  who  being  asked  by  a  traveller  to  direct  him  on  the  way  to  Sienna,  replied  in  musical  accents  and  a  poetical  strain,  not  unworthy  of  Tasso  or  Guarini,  Pam&amp;  it  flume,  salite  it  mode,  la  81  trovra  Sienna.  The  other  day,  in  Paris,  I  gave  an  individual,  who  looked  like  a  beggar,  a  couple  of  sous.  He  had  not  asked  for  alms,  but  his  face  implied  that  he  'would  receive  a  donation.  He  took  off  what  had  once  been  a  cocked  hat,  ;bowed  nearly  to  the  ground,  and  with  a  full  flourish  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  right  arm,  said,  '  Monsieur,  je  vous  remereia  au  nom  de  la  nation  entiere'—  (I  thank  you,  sir,  in  the  name  of  the  whole  We  shall  not  tire  the  reader's  patience  further  than  to  give  one  other  extract  on  the  relative  merits  of  the  public  vehicles  of  Paris  and  London  :  vehicles  of  all  kinds  are  much  better  regulated  in  Paris  than  in  London.  There  is  one  uniform  fare  for,  a  set setdown  down setdown  to  any  part  of  the  city,  with  a  trifle  to  the  driver,  technically  called  a  '  pour  'the—something  to  drink.  A  penny  suffices  for  this  gratuity.  In  London  it  is  impossible  to  get  in  or  out  of  a  cab  without  a  dispute,  and  this  annoy annoyance  ance annoyance  is  not  likely  to  be  remedied  by  the  new  act.  Your  Paris  Jehu  is  a  more  considerate  animal  than  London  Cabby,  and  seldom  '  tries  it  ,on,'  even  on  a  foreigner.  If  you  meet  with  an  exception,  tell  him  to  drive  you  to  the  prefecture  de  police,'  which,  he  dares  not  refuse,  and  he  gives  in  at  once.  He  would  rather  resign  a  day's  work  than  face  that  dreaded  tribunal,  which  invariably  decides  against  him,  no  matter  what  may  be  the  merits  of  the  case.  The  carriages  are  cleaner,  more  comfortable  than  ours,  and  are  driven  at  a  slow  pace,  an  incalculable  advantage  to  pedestrians,  who  have  no  emulation  to  be  run  over  unless  by  free  choice,  as  Hindoo  fanatics  purposely  throw  themselves  in  the  way  to  be  crushed  under  the  car  of  Juggernaut.  In  London,  you  require  one  pair  of  eyes  at  least,  before  you  venture  on  a  crossing.  A  cab  in  Paris  costs  twelve-pence  halfpenny  for  a  single  course  anywhere  within  the  boundary,  and  carries  four  persons  at  this  rate  ;  if  engaged  by  the  hazer,  the  charge  is  eighteen-pence.  The  city  being  circular,  there  is  scarcely  any  distance  amounting  to  five  miles  ;  the  entire  circumfer circumference,  ence, circumference,  without  reckoning  the  suburbs,  is  not  more  than  fifteen.  A  honest  '  cocher  '  asked  me  if  it  was  true,  as  he  had  heard,  that  the  cabmen'  had  lately  made  a  revolution  in  England,  and  obtained  a  parliament  of  their  own.  I  ex explained  plained explained  to  him  as  well  as  I  could,  the  particulars  of  the  late  strike,  and  how  his  brethren  of  the  whip  had  gained  nothing,  but  lost  several  days'  work  by  their  folly.  It  was  useless,  for  he  evidently  considered  his  version  of  the  affair  to  be  nearer  the  truth  than  ."
