text
"POLICE  COURT.  -Y  ESTERDAY.  --ESTERDAY.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  EY  Doom  EMPLOTEES.—Jatriet  M'Calleston,  John  Gibson,  the  latter  a  smith  and  the  former  his  assistant',  employed  in  a  smithy  in  a  yard  belonging  to  the  dock  trustees,  and  John  Lamport,  a  carter,  were  charged  with  stealing  two  anvils,  the  property  of  the  dock  trustees.  Detective-officer  Carlisle,  had  the  conducting  of  the  case.  A  man  employed  in  the  dock  stated—On  the  morning  of  the  16th  September,  I  was  getting  my  breakfast  about  eight  o'clock  by  the  fireplace,  in  the  shed  in  the  Coburg  dock,  when  I  saw  the  prisoner's  cart  came  into  the  yard.  After  it  had  been  unloaded,  the  cart  was  placed  against  the  door  of  the  shed  in  which  the  anvil  was,  and  the  other  prisoners  put  it  upon  the  cart.  After  the  cart  was  gone  the  other  two  prisoners  also  left  their  work.  The  Clerk  :  When  did  you  mention  this?  Witness  :  Not  until  last  Friday,  when  the  other  anvil  was  gone.  The  Clerk  :  Why  did  you  not  mention  it  before  ?  Witness  :  The  reason  why  I  did  not,  was  because  I  was  afraid  of  my  life,  the  prisoners  are  such  desperate  characters.  The  Magistrate  :  Has  the  anvil  been  found.  Mr.  Clough  :  No  it  has  not.  The  prisoners  had  been  ap apprehended  prehended apprehended  before,  and  were  let  go,  but  upon  hearing  of  the  evidence  the  witness  had  given,  they  were  re-apprehended.  The  Magistrate  :  Is  there  any  further  evidence  as  to  the  second  anvil  that  was  stolen  ?  The  Witness  :  I  know  it  was  in  the  shed  between  three  and  four  o'clock  on  Friday  last.  I  was  there  when  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  came  in  with  the  cart,  and  I  saw  him  place  it  as  he  did  on  the  previous  occasion,  when  the  prisoner  Gibson  asked  me  if  I  would  cut  his  hair  for  him,  and  he  came  into  the  shed,  and  when  I  looked  out  againt  the  cart  and  anvil  were  gone.  The  evidence  of  the  witness  having  been  corroborated  by  the  dock  time-keepers,  the  prisoners  were  remanded  tar  a  week  to  enable  the  detective-officer,  if  possible.  the  two  anv  ils.  mn.  Chafer,  who  :9  described  in  the  address  card  as  Dr.  Charcc,  Professor  of  Astrology,  Seer,  &amp;c.,  of  Mo.  7,  and  who  also  professes  to  cast  nativities,  read  planets  ,  and  answer  all  law lawful  ful lawful  questions  that  ladies  and  gentlemen  may  feel  desirous  of  consulting  him,  in  relation  to  man's  destiny,  or  individual  evpnf.,  mstbamatiaally  projected,  as  relates  to  the  probable  duration  of  life  disposition,  temper,  mind,  &amp;c.,  of  marriage,  its  time  and  when,  description  of  the  husband  and  wife,  will  the  widow  or  widower  ever  marry  again  tra travelling  velling travelling  and  going  abroad;  for  honor;  the  most  suitable  trade  or  employment  for  a  child  or  other  individual  to  follow;  if  the  ship  is  at  sea  and  safe—its  situation—lost  money  —  wills,  legacies—letters  expected—and  on  all  the  various  events  of  life.  Terms  moderate.  Questions  by  letter  en-  closing  a  fee,  punctually  attented  The  Clerk  ?  This  is  another  fortune-telling  .  case,—we  have  already  hod  two  others,  and  the  offender  is  liable  to  three  months'  imprisonment.  Detective  officer  Kennedy  said,  last  night  he  obtained  in information  formation information  that  the  girl  then  in  the  room  had  had  her  for fortune  tune fortune  told,  and  ho  subsequently  found  her  in  a  shop,  after  which  he  took  the  prisoner  into  custody,  and  upon  searching  him  at  the  bridewell,  the  card  produced  was  found  upon  him,  as  was  also  onefound  upon  the  witness.  The  officer  pro produced  duced produced  a  great  number  of  books,  glass,  globes,  diagrams,  in  which  were  represented  every  conceivable  form  of  marks  and  forms,  with  various  untranslatable  signs,  and  several  hares'  feet,  which  had  as  the  doctor  stated  been  used  as  a  charm  against  various  complaints.  Ann  Watson  said,  yesterday,  I  went  to  the  prisoner's  house.  The  prisoner  asked  me  if  I  wanted  to  have  my  fortune  told.  I  said  I  did.  He  asked  me  to  sit  down  while  he  lighted  a  candle.  He  then  wrote  on  the  slate  for  about  ten  minutes.  (The  slate  was  produced,  and  showed  such  a  complexity  of  marks  as  to  defy  the  most  ingenious  mathe mathematician  matician mathematician  to  decypher.)  He  then  asked  me  if  I  had  a  friend?  I  said  I  He  said,  he  is  not  a  friend,  he  is  betraying  I  said,  I  know  I  have  He  then  said,  I  had  no  but  I  told  him  I  when  he  said,  may  think  people  your  friends,  but  they  are  not,  they  will  betray  I  then  asked  him  what  he  charged.  He  replied  I  leave  it  to  you,  I  put  down  6d.,  which  he  took  up.  The  Clerk  :  Did  he  say  anything  more  ?  Witness  ;  He  said  I  had  a  friend  who  would  betray  me.  The  Clerk  :  Anthing  else  ?  Witness  :  Yes.  He  said  I  should  be  in  the  family  way  in  four  months,  and  that  I  should  then  be  on  the  parish.  The  prisoner  :  She  put  the  sixpence  down.  She  asked  me  to  make  a  charge,  but  I  did  not.  I  never  did  make  a  charge.  The  Magistrate  :  I  can't  think  how  persons  can  be  so  weak  as  to  go.  The  prisoner  :  I  have  been  in  the  business  for  30  years,  and  I  was  never  here  before.  I  profess  to  cure  dines'  from  those  books.  The  Clerk  :  Pray,  how  do  you  account  fir  pursuing  those  cunning  means,  and  using  subtle  devices  ?  The  prisoner  :  I  was  never  here  before.  The  Magistrate  :  I  think  you  are  a  most  mischievous  character,  and  will  send  you  to  bridewell  for  three  months.  The  prisoner  :  This  is  the  first  time  I  have  been  before  the  magistrates,  and  it  shall  be  the  last.  The  prisoner  was  then  committed  for  three  months'  im imprisonment.  prisonment. imprisonment.  ALLEGED  FELONY.—lane  Ward,  was  charged  by  one  of  the  police-officers,  with  being  suspected  of  stealing  a  purse.  The  officer  said  last  night  I  was  informed  by  a  little  boy  that  the  prisoner  had  asked  him  to  go  into  a  pawn-shop  in  Scotland-road,  and  pledge  a  purse  for  her.  When  appre apprehended  hended apprehended  the  ticket  of  a  watch  was  found  upon  her  person.  The  watch  was  pledged  for  30s.  The  Magistrate  :  Have  you  found  an  owner  for  any  of  the  property  ?  Officer  :  No.  The  Magistrate  :  Prisoner,  what  do  you  say  to  this  charge  ?  Prisoner  :  All  I  can  say  is  that  the  watch  belongs  to  a  gentleman  who  gave  it  to  me  to  pawn,  because  he  had  no  silver  with  him.  The  Magistrate  :  I  shall  remand  you  and  see  if  an  owner  can  be  found.  ANOTHER  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  BY  EMPLOYEES.  James  Dillon  a  lad  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Williams,  Alex Alexander  ander Alexander  Rankin,  a  carter  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Leftwich,  and  Co.,  and  John  Fanshaw,  a  marine  store  dealer,  Liver Liverstreet,  street, Liverstreet,  were  charged  by  detective-officer  Eaton,  the  former  with  stealing  some  bags  and  canvass,  and  the  latter  with  receiving  the  same,  knowing  them  to  have  been  stolen.  From  the  evidences  of  the  several  witnesses  it  appeared  that  the  detective-officer  was  on  the  watch,  near  the  prisoner  Fanshaw's  premises  where  he  saw  Rankin  with  a  sack  on  his  back,  in  which  there  appeared  to  be  a  bundle.  He  ap apprehended  prehended apprehended  him,  when  he  said  the  bags  were  only  old  pro provender  vender provender  bags,  and  he  was  selling  them  for  his  'lowaace,&#34;  which  he  was  permitted  to  do.  This  statement  the  master  denied,  and  upon  searching  Fanshaw's  premises,  no  fewer  than  28  bags  were  found,  all  of  which  were  identified  as  the  property  of  Mr.  ;Leftwich.  In  the  marine  store  dealer's  premises  was  also  found  a  quantity  of  canvass,  which  he  said  he  had  purchased  of  the  lad  Dillon,  which  turned  out  to  be  the  fact,  but  Dillon  had  no  authority  to  dispose  of  it.  The  property  was  all  identified  by  the  owners,  each  of  whom  gave  the  prisoners,  who  had  been  in  their  employ,  excellent  characters,  and  believed  that  they  had  been  led  from  the  path  of  honesty  by  some  more  designing  than  themselves.  Mr.  Owen,  solicitor,  attempted  to  give  Fanshaw  a  charac character,  ter, character,  but  Mr.  Clough  said  he  had  been  there  before.  The  magistrates  committed  the  prisoner  Dillon  for  two  months,  for  robbing  his  employer  ;  and  the  others  were  sent  to  take  their  trial  at  the  sessions.  THE  SWELL  Mon.—James  Healing,  who  was  remanded  yesterday  on  a  charge  of  picking  pockets  at  the  Theatre  Royal,  after  the  performance  by  Miss  Cushman,  was  com committed  mitted committed  for  three  months  imprisonment;  thA  10  , STYLE=superscript  1  7  ,  TLuAU  watch  he  attempted  to  gl-001,  Lai  iug  appeared  and  identified  PICKING  PomFs.—Tatnes  Hanlon,  was  remanded  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  pocket  handkerchief  from  James  Burns,  in  the  Clarence-dock.  .Margaret  Evans  was  committed  for  three  months  for  having  stolen  a  coat  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  Howins,  Brown Brownlow-hill.  low-hill. Brownlow-hill.  The  boy  in  the  shop  saw  her  take  the  coat  from  the  door,  and  when  he  followed  her  she  threatened  to  The  police-officer  (586)  saw  her  throw  the  coat  down,  when  he  in  an  JUVENILE  OFFENDERS.—A  little  urchin  who  gave  his  name  Wttitay,  Paity,  was  charged  with  stealing  some  pipes,  tobacco,  &amp;c.,  from  the  shop  a  Is*  John  Depor,  18,  Mount Mountpleasant.  pleasant. Mountpleasant.  Police-officer  (449)  :  About  six  o'clock  last  night  the  pi pisonar  sonar pisonar  was  given  into  my  custody  for  stealing  these  'ere.&#34;  (We  believe  that  the  police-officer  exhibited  two  small  pipes,  but  from  the  loose  and  slovenly  manner  in  which  the  police-officers  invariably  give  their  evidence  before  the  bench,  it  is  with  the  utmost  difficulty  that  the  reporters  can  comprehend  their  meaning.)  An  assistant  in  the  shop  spoke  to  seeing  the  prisoner  in  the  shop  two  or  three  times  in  the  course  of  the  evening  ;  but  could  not  identify  the  property  produced.  She  could  only  say  it  was  like  them  in  the  shop.  The  prisoner  was  remanded.  ROBBING  A  PARCEL.—The  two  boys  Johnson  and  Turner,  charged  with  stealing  some  tobacco  from  Mr.  M'Millan,  and  who  had  been  remanded  for  a  week,  were  committed  to  prison—the  former  for  three,  and  the  'att.'  for  tcrn  months.  T-avvn  TONS  OF  IRON  STOLEN.—Patrick  Dunn  and  Simon  Lynn  were  charged  by  police-officer  Moneypenny  with  stealing  four  tons  of  pipe  iron,  the  property  of  the'  Commissioners  of  Woods  and  Forests.  The  property  was  taken  in  a  cart  from  the  south  front  of  the  custom-house.  It  was  clearly  traced  to  the  custody  of  the  prisoners,  who  had  taken  it  away,  saying  they'  were  authorised  to  do  so  by  Mr.  Holme.  The  prisoners  were  both  committed  for  trial  at  the  sessions.  SusricioN  OF  STEALING  TOOLS.—Robert  Parker  a  joiner,  was  charged  by  a  police-officer  on  suspicion  of  stealing  some  tools.  The  officer  said  he  was  on  duty  last  night  in  Park-lane,  when  he  received  information  that  the  prisoner  was  pledging  same  saws,  and  he  went  to  the  shop  and  apprehended  him.  He  had  other  tools  upon  him.  The  Magistrate  :  Have  you  got  an  owner.  Police-officer  :  No.  Prisoner  :  They  are  my  own  tools  except  one,  and  I  told  the  officer  so.  Magistrate  :  You  are  known  here,  therefore  I  shall  remand  you."
