text
"nit  NORtHERN  MlLir  TIMES.  GLADSTONE  IN  THE  NORTH  The  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  was  presented  on  Tuesday  with  the  freedoni  of  the,  burghs  of  Dingwall  and  Inverness:  The  ceremoniCS,at  both  places  were  marked  I.)r  great  public  enthtisiasin;  anti  the  light  lioh  gUntletAan  ex:  perienced  a  ray  tattering',  reception,  net  only  from  the  corporate  bodies  of  those  towns,  but  from  a  large  congrega congregation  tion congregation  of  the  principal  inhabitants  who  assembled  to  do  him  honour  .  •  ,  Mr,  Gladstone,  in  tOtuitirm  hls  iliAnk§;  made  tote totelogthehttd  logthehttd totelogthehttd  alti•esses,  which  appear  in  a  third  euition  of  the  Inverness  Advertiser  In  the  course  of  his  t  I  observations,  at  Dingwall,  the  right  hon.  gentleman  said—  I  ought  not  to  omit  mentioning  my  admiration  of  tho  tone  and  spirit  in  which  your  address  Is  coneeiVed;  In  it  you  express  a  jait  and  .ptabeltOrtit  hope  that  and  tile  goverAmetit  of  which  I  am  a  er;  ;Indy  long  continue  to  egelleW  party  wilifaik;  and  pil?  ,  g4s§ii  c STYLE=superscript  e  and  carry  and  needful  amelioration,'  Gentlemen,,l  do  feel  and  believe  7  —anait  is  2,  source  of  no  'Small  satisfaction  to  myself  myself  -  that  the  pivaent  pverilthent•  is.  distinguished  More  than  malty  _  e  •.  Wthcii.  preceded  it  :eoniing  IeSS  ill  contract  With  more  party  organisation,  and  being  lesS  pledged  to  the  purposes  o  f  party  warfare.  It  is  composed,  as  you  know,  for  the  most  part,  of  men  having  great  experiene  in  public  service.  This  is  my  twenty-first  year  of  public  life;  and  yet  I  am,  certainly,  not  its  youngest  member,  but  still  young,  compared  with  those  veteran  statesmen  who  occupy  the  chief  places  in  the  councils  of  her  Majesty:  T4ey  united  IA  an  honour:  able  Bondi  aild  r  may  .  Jake  ale  that  their  objects  and  wishes  are  no  other  than  those  ..  you  have  expressed:  I  spoke  of  thoSe  changes  On  the.  face  of  the  country,  which  are  palpahle  to  the  eye;  ,on  Other.  changes  also  haveAketi  place  during  the  of  those  eventful  yearS  to  a  I*h  liaVe  keferred—changes  involving  a  greater  amoulit  of  legislative  effort  after  improvement,  and  comprising  larger  and  more  beneficial  results,  than  have  ever  been  gathered  together  during  any  period  of  the  same  length  in  the  history  of  our  country.  Looking  to  the  course  which  legislation  has  taken  setting  minor  objects  aside—allowing  fob  thdt  freechint  of  ririiniOu  I,ilich;  thank  Oodi  pteVails  in  this  eolinify—and  - STYLE=superscript  Pot  the  differences  with  which  that  free freedom  dom freedom  must  be  attended,  I  think  we  must  all  feel  that  the  in institutions  stitutions institutions  of  the.  country  have  been  working  well—  that  they  have  been  working  for  the  benefit  of  the  mass  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  The  steps  taken  may,  by  some,  be  deemed  too  slow  or  too  short;  hut,  on  the  whole,  they  have  been  in  what  is  called,  the  right  direction—the  character  of  the  policy  which  the  country  has  pursued  has  been  of  a  nature  which  will  honourably  distingiii§h  hef  histbry,  and  Whiff  h  Marks  her  state  and  condition  in  a  manner  the  most  favourable  as  compared  With  those  of  other  nations.  When  Lord  Aberdeen  took  office  he  declared  it  to  be  his  special  mission  —not,  of  course,  vatting  other  objects  aside  —to  defend,  complete,  and  seal  that  .  great  work,  of  cOmnierbial  reform;  the  extension  of  liaS  ban  the  Main  characteristic  of  the  last  ten  years,  I  hope  you  think  him  faithful  to  his  pledge.  At  this  particu particular  lar particular  moment,  when  it  is  pleasing  Providence  to  press  on  othei  nations  something  like  a  scarcity  of  the  fruits  of  the  earth,  I  hope  there  are  none  among  those  whom  I  address,  who  do  not  feel  profoundly  thankfill  for  the  adoption  of  that  wise  policy  by  which  we  have  removed  every  trammel  and  re  , STYLE=superscript  straint  on  the  supply  of  that  article  upon  which  the  poptila‘  tion  atodepenant  or  At  Inverness;  after  expressing  his  obligations  for  the  compliment  paid  him,  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  ad adverted  verted adverted  to  the  great  •  question  of  the  day—the  influence  of  recent  commercial  legislation  on  the  present  state  of  the  food  market,  and  our  foreign  policy,  said  how  marked  is  the  testimony  to  the  wisdom  of  recent  legislation  in  the  spirit  which  now  prevails  !  Go  back  to  other  times,  and  we  find  that  when  corn  was.dear  the  natural  anxiety  and  im impatience  patience impatience  of  the  people  vented  itself  in  violations  of  law,  in  riot,  and  in  bloodshed  ;  and  even  in  other  countries  this  con continues  tinues continues  still  tb  be  the  case.  Only  a  few  days  ago  I  read  of  the  governors  of  two  Italian  towns  losing  their  lives  as  a  sacrifice  to  the  impatience  of  the  population,  arising  from  such  a  cause.  Thus  it  ever  has  been  where  man  steps  in  to  correct  Providential  arrangements,  and  where  the  pressure  of  scarcity  is  aggravated  by  unwise  laws.  But  see  the  con  trast  here  !  Not  in  this  quarter,  but  in  other  quarters  of  the  country,  there  is  a  deficient  harvest,  and  the  demand  for  corn  to  France  has  affected  our  markets  ;  but  not  through  all  England  or  Scotland  is  there  heard  a  murmur  of  impa impatience  tience impatience  or  discontent,  for  the  people  rest  satisfied  that  if  there  be  a  dispensation  of  scarcity  it  comes  from  that  Providence  whose  it  is  to  dispence  the  measures  both  of  abundance  and  want  ;  they  know  that  human  legislation  has  done  all  that  it  can  effect  to  give  free  scope  to  the  ener-gy  and  industry  of  •  man,  and  hence-  there  is  everywhere  that  tranquillity,  contentment.,  and  self-reliance  which  we  should  most  desire  to  prevail.  (Cheers).  Your  Provost  has  said  that  we  have  not.met  here  to  celebrate  a  party  triumph.  There  was  a  time  when  the  question  of  protective  duties  was  made  one  of  party  struggle  and  conflict.  There  was  a  time,  even  after  the  victory  had  been  achieved,  when  a  large  party  adopted  as  their  motto,  and  inscribed  it  on  their  banners.  But  thoSe  times  are  gone  by  ;  the  force  of  truth  has  won  its  way,  and  I  scarcely  believe  that  after  the.  evidence  which  the  lapse  of  time  has  accumulated,  there  exists  any  longerla  section  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  Community  who,  if  they  had  the  power,  would  wish  to  step  back,  to  alter,  or  modify  a  system  of  legislation  so  beneficial  (cheers).  What  was  once  but  an  opinion  of  philosophers  in  their  closets,  spread  from  one  class  to  another,  occupied  the  minds  of  statesmen,  obtained  the  voice  of  Parliament,  took  the  force  of  law,  is  now  the  fixed  policy  of  England,  and  reigns  enthroned  in  the  sanction  and  heart  of:  the  country  (loud  cheers.)  And  let  me  add  the  expression  of  an  anticipato  r  y  h  o  p  e  that  the  end  of  its  trumphs  has  not  yet  been  reached.  The  example.  of  England  is  of  mighty  force.  Her  example  has  had  much  to  do  in  persuading  the  other  nations  of  Europe  that  in  a  restrictive  commercial  code  there  was  some  magical  secret  of  national  wealth  and  prosperity.  But  the  delusion  once  rejected  by  us  it  will  not  be  long  maintained  by  them  ;  the  emphatic  testimony  to  the  advantages  of  free  com commerce  merce commerce  which  the  triumphant  results  of  a  full  'and  un unsparing  sparing unsparing  application  of  its  principles  has  yielded  here,  will  work  its  way  among  the  intelligent  people  of  the  Continent,  producing  a  similar  developement  of  plenty  and  blessingamong  them;  mutualintercourse  will  be  advanced,  and  the  benefits  which  come  in  the  train  of  increased  commuica commuication  tion commuication  and  augmented  wealth  will  thus  be  multiplied  ;  great  social  and  moral  aims  which  we  desire  to  see  promoted  will  be  helped  onwards,  the  tendency  to  international  strife  and  war  will  be  repressed  ;  and  if  we  do  not  thus  realize  all  the  blessings  which  Christianity  promises  to  mankind,  many  of  those  evils  which  must  seriously  hinder  their  advance  will  be  taken  out  of  the  way.  (Loud  cheers.)  Your  address  also  adverts  to  my  humble  efforts  in  behalf  of  those  whom  I  believe  to  be  oppressed  in  another  country.  It  must  be  painful  to  us,  natives  of  Great  Britain—citizens  of  a  country  where  the  principles  of  liberty  and  obedience  to  law  are  both  held  in  deserved  veneration—of  a  country  where  the  most  extensive  chancres  are  brought  about  by  legal  and  rational  means—it  must  be  most  painful  for  us  to  look  road  over  the  Continent  and  see  how  little  progress  the  nations  of  Europe  have  made  in  the  path  of  temperate  and  rational  freedom.  There  is  one  year  which  I  fear  must  be  marked  as  very  disastrous  in  their  annals—l  mean  the  revolutionary  year  of  1848—for  while  certainly  there  was  much  which  deserved  to  be  swept  away,  the  effect  was  to  provoke  a  terrible  reaction—to  dimmist  the  hope  of  rational  freedom—to  exasperate  the  spirit  of  des despotism  potism despotism  where  it  existed—to  develop  extreme  opinions—  and  to  diminish  the  prospect  of  gradual  and  temperate  advance  to  that  system  of  constitutional  government  the  results  of  which  we  so  happily  enjoy.  In  the  country  where  it  was  my  fortune  to  reside  at  the  period  to  which  allusion  has  been  made,  I  perceived  that  great  sufferings  were  inflicted  on  large  numbers  in  consequence  of  this  re-actionary  spirit—a  spirit  the  natural  effect  of  whose  manifestations  is  certainly  to  provoke  popular  resistance,  and  to  engender  many  terrible  evils.  I  do  entertain  an  earnest  hope  for  the  improve improvement  ment improvement  of  Italy  ;  and  so  far  as  the  present  government  is  con concerned,  cerned, concerned,  I  am  sure  it  will  be  their  endeavour  to  promote  that  object—not  in  the  spirit  of  reckless  propagandism,  which  would  raise  up  the  national  spirit  against  us,  'but  by  such  a  wise  and  temperate  policy  as  will  secure  our  moral  influence.  At  present  we  cannot  speak  with  satisfaction  of  foreign  poli politics.  tics. politics.  You  well  know  that  causes  are  operative  which  threaten  the  peace  'of  Europe.  I  trust  you  also  know,  and  are  well  persuaded,  that  the  most  anxious  efforts  of  the  Britith  government  have  been  directed  towards  the  maintenance  of  general  peace,  and  the  protection  of  those  who  want  strength  to  protect  themselves  (hear,  hear,  and  cheers)...  No  assurance  from  me  to  this  effect  is  wanted,  for  the  temper  and  attitude  of  the  people  have  shewn  how  thoughtfully  they  confide  in  their  rulers,  and  how  anxious  they  are  for  the  maintenance  of  peace  combined  with  honour.  The  time  is  happily  past  when  an  ignorant  eagerness  for  war  could  take  possession  of  masses  of  the  community.  We  do  not  fail  to  profit  by  the  lessons  of  history,  though,  after  forty  years  of  peace,  when  most  of  us  have  grown  up  without  any  actual  experience  of  the  evils  of  a  state  of  war,  we  may  be  apt  to  forget  their  number  and  magnitude.  The  heavy  burdens  which  war  entails  on  pros prosperity  perity prosperity  is  the  least  of  its  evils  ;  it  is  the  effusion  of  human  blood,  b  the  dissolution  of  domestic  ties,  the  letting  loose  of  a  moral  scourge  over  a  country  which  ought  to  be  thought  of,  and  which  impose  'an  absolute  obligation  on  govern governments  ments governments  and  statesmen,  to  avoid  it  at  the  cost  of  any  sacrifice  short  of  duty  and  honour.  This  is  the  principle  which  has  guided  the  government  throughout  the  negotiation  of  the  last  few  months  :  and  .  by  this  rule  they  would  still  act,  knowing  that  it  was  with  individuals  as  with  na nations—that  tions—that nations—that  a  war  might  be  very  popular  at  its  com commencement,  mencement, commencement,  which  would  be  very  hateful  at  its  close,  just  as  there  were  few  people  who  entered  on  a  quarrel  otherwise  than  brave  and  self-reliant,  but  who  might  not  like  it  much  ere  all  was  over.  Mr.  Gladstone,  then,  remarking  that  the  shades  of  evening,  which  were  closing  round  them,  conveyed  a  warning  to  be  brief,  proceeded  to  re refer  fer refer  to  the  future—alluding  especially  to  the  great  change  which  has  of  late  come  over  the  spirit  and  temper  of  parties.  At  the  sacrifice  of  much  personal  feeling,  in  violators  of  the  strict  terms  of  political  consistency,  many  useful  measures  had  been  carried  through,  with  the  further  effect  of  com completely  pletely completely  disorganising  old  party  connections.  The  House  of  Commons  was  not  now  divided  into  two  compact  forces,  op opposing  posing opposing  each  other  on  every  trivial  point;  the  broad  contrasts  of  party  had  been  obliterated  ;  and  members  of  the  legisla legislature  ture legislature  exercised  more  their  own  reason,  and  were  actuated  to  a  greater  extent  by  their  honest  convictions.  This  in  itself  was  real  progress  ;  it  was  a  result  which  argued  well  for  the  triumph  of  reason  and  justice.  It  was  a  consequence  of  this  state  matters  that  the  present  administration  had  ie.  ceived  so  large  an  amount  of  what  is  tortried  ind  liaTrly  bound  to  go  on  conciliating  favour  of  that  kind;  and  the  best  way  to  accomplish  such  an  object  was  neither  on  the  one  hand  to.  hug  past  abuses  upder  het  pretence  of  maintain maintainiiig  iiig maintainiiig  our  institutions  ;  tbi  the  otEit  i  l STYLE=superscript  etlildsly,to  urge  a  deliand  et  variance  with  the  essential  characteristics  Of  Thii,  alio  was  the  true  way  to  obtain  the  con=  fidence  and  support  of  the  people_at  large;  yohom_it  was  alike  vain,  end  Undesirable  to  .attenipt  t  8  itoVetn  oil  the  pifinCiple  of  a  blind  superstition.  Ile  thought,  lie  might  Safely  promise  this  would  be  the  course  the  government  would  pursue;  for  himself,  he  would  yield  obedience  to  no  other  principle.  The  right  honourable  gentleman  concluded  by  repeating  his  thanks  for  the  complinient  bestowed  on  him.  At  the  close  he  was  rapturously  applauded  I  and  after  three  cheers  had  been  gien  for  him,  with  the  additioii  of  one  for  the  Provotts  die  meeting  Separated  shbrtly  after  six  o'clock:  pa  Nil  V6Ollll  S:--=YEgithiA-i  LIVERPOOL  A  OH  ASE.—J  O  n  Parry  lyas  chaigc  cif  wine  from  tje  ale-17.96*  of  .gr.  Branch,  auctioneer,  Hackin's-hey.  A  man  ii;  iue  tinpl7inenti  Who  saw  the  prisoner  jump  out  of  a  window,  forthwith  junipt:il  t!ft  , STYLE=superscript  !.*t'  They  got  on  the  roofs  6f  some  houses,  and  the  chase  was  kept  up  over  several  other  houses,  until  finally,  the  prisoner  leaped  off  a  wall  and  gotjinto  a  smithy.  The  pursuer  held  on,  like  giim  death  but  only  succeeded  in  getting  an  empty  wine  Nttle  frqin  the  prisoner,  As  proof  of  actual  stealing  was  teinagr3i*  .  the.riiistrakcS  di  t  scliai'ged  the  prisoner,  AN  ITssusiwio:trs•  otin.—.ll.lart:hh  ,Hurftoti;  a  good  looking  *male;  ;respectably  clid  in  inky  AVQOd.S  charged  by  a  yOung  nian,ntimed  John  Harrison;  with  rob=  bing  him  of  .£1  Os..  Bd.  in  a  house  in  Mason's.:row:  The  prosecutor,  one  of  did  11 STYLE=superscript  class  stated  that  lie  _had  been  induced  to  enter  the  house  by  a  strange  iniiii  when  fie,  was  a  little  drunk.  He  slept  on  a  temporary  bed  made  of  chairs,  and  during  the  night,  the  prisoner  came  and  took  his  money.  He  saw  her  do  so.  Magistrate  :  Why  did  you  let  her  take  it  ?  Complainant  :  I  thought  she  would  give  it  me  h.q.&amp;  Magistrate  t  You  had  more  confidence  than  I  should  have  had  under  iirethnstaneea,  (Laughter,)  The  prisoner  was  discharged,  as  it  appeared  IlarriLoon  was  too  drunk  at  the  time  to  give  trustworthy  evidence  of  the  matter.  STREET  ROBBERY.  —Ann  Walshe  was  committed  for  trial,  charged  with  having,  on  the  22nd  instant,  in  company  with  a  male  accomplice,  — STYLE=superscript  robbed  an  old  man  in  Vauxhall-road.  She  held  ,  him  while  her  companion  rifled  his  pockets  of  FitEaso  A  VRENCIIMAN.—A  Pielichmdni  named  tioyti•49  Divini,  was  robbed,  on  Tuesday  evening,  of  his  watch,  necker-  chief,  and  a  sum  of  money.  tie  had  Veen  foolish  enough  to  remain  in  the  company  of  two  fellows,  named  James  Scan Scanton.  ton. Scanton.  and  James  Hannan,  nearly  the  entire  day,  drinking  from  piißlid-hou.c  to  public  house,  they  offering  various  ar articles  ticles articles  fur  sale  from  time  to  tithe.  At  length  the  rascals  threw  off  the  masks,  and  one  seized  him  by  the  throat  whilst  the  other  robbed  him  of  his  gold  watch  and  his  Val  gent.  They  were  remanded.  STEALING  COPPER.—William  Gelling  was  sentenced  to  three  months  imprisonment  for  stealing  a  quantity  of  copper  the  property  of  Mr.  Edward  M'Cormach,  Waterloo-road.  The  prisoner  was  in  his  employment,  but  getting  informa information  tion information  of  his  dishonesty,  he  had  him  watched  and  detected  him.  AN  UNGRATEFUL  GUEST.—Mary  Hughes  charged  De Deborah  borah Deborah  Pelocs  with  robbing  her  of  a  shawl  and  silk  handker handkerchief.  chief. handkerchief.  The  prosecutrix,  out  of  charity,  had  taken  her  into  her  house  for  a  few  days  uutil  she  could  go  back  to  Ireland.  On  the  prisoner's  departure  from  her  house  the  prosecutrix  missed  the  articles  in  question,  and,  pursuing  .  the  prisoner,  found  her  on  board  the  Wexford  steam-boat,  just  then  with  her  steam  up,  and  a  pawn  ticket  for  the  stolen  articles  in  her  possession.  The  prisoner  was  discharged  on  condition  of  releasing  the  goods.  SuoriarrncG.—Mary  Whelan  was  sentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment  for  stealing  a  dress-piece  from  the  house  of  Mr.  George  Sharpe,  Paradise-street,  pawnbroker.  Mr..  Sharpe  arrested  her  himself  with  the  property  on  her  person.  STEALING  GAME.—Wm.  McMillen  was  sentenced  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month  for  stealing  one  brace  of  black  game  and  two  brace  of  partridges  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  MeGrinell  22,  Queen-square.  _  _  A  HOPEFUL  ScHoLAi.—William  Mann,  and  12  years,  described  as  belonging  to  the  Industrial  School,  ° STYLE=superscript  was  charged  with  stealing  a  brass  candlestick  from  a  house  in  Disley Disleystreet.  street. Disleystreet.  A  young  woman  belonging  to  the  house  deposed  to  missing  the  candlestick,  and  to  seeing  the  prisoner  with  other  boys  about  the  door.  An  officer  arrested  the  prisoner  with  the  candlestick  on  his  person.  Remanded  in  order  to  communicate  with  the  master  of  the  Industrial  School.  A  YOUTHFUL  OFFENDER.—  Mary  Ann  Graham,  a  child,  whose  head  scarcely  reached  the  magistrates'  table,  was  charged  with  stealing  and  carrying  away,  on  Friday  night,  from  one  of  the  streets  near  Victoria  .dock,  a  sack  of  coal  nearly  as  large  as  herself,  and  weighing  three  quarters  of  a  lnnidred.  Tier  mother  came  forward,  and  being  cautioned  by  the  magistrate  not  to  let  the  child  go  to  ruin  on  the  ;reefs  of  Liverpool,  was  allowed  to  take  her  homE  WARMING  AN  OFFICER.—Michael  Milton  was  charged  with  assaulting  officer  107,  John  Kennedy,  in  the  discharge  of  his  duty.  Complainant  was  walking  quietly  along  the  docks,  when  the  prisoner  came  up  to  him  and  said,  Arn't  you  cold  ?  You  look  like  a  fellow  that  wants  Without  further  ceremony,  he  struck  the  officer  with  vio violence,  lence, violence,  and  knocked  his  head  against  the  wall.  lie  had  been  in  custody  before  charged  with  an  assault,  lie  was  fined  twenty  shillings,  or  in  default  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.  RETURNING  A  BLOW  WITH  INTERFST.  -  Archibald  WPherson  was  charged  by  officer  241,  with  an  assault.  The  officer  said  he  had  been  oblin-ed  to  retaliate  on  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  in  his  own  defence.  MPlierson  showed  signs  of  terrible  punishment,  his  face  and  bead  were  bound  and  one  of  his  eyes  seemed  completely  swollen  up.  .  The  prisoner  said  that  the  policeman  had  struck  him  with  his  baton,  and  that  the  doctor  had  declared  his  injury  to  be  a  compound  fracture  of  the  skull.  The  magistrates  said  that  at  all  events  he  was  sufficiently  punished  for  any  assault  he  had  committed,  and  told  the  officer  that  be  had  been  guilty  of  very  unjustifiable  violence  to  the  prisoner.  The  magistrate  also  ordered  Mr.  Clough  to  have  the  matter  reported  to  the  head  constable,  ILL-TREATING  A  WIFE.—A  respectable-looking  and  neatly  dressed  female,  named  Matilda  Glover,  whose  delicate  aspect  indicated  much  suffering,  appeared  before  Mr.  Mans Mansfield,  field, Mansfield,  to  complain  of  the  continued  ill-treatment  of  her  husband,  James  Glover,  and  to  beg  that  he  might  be  bound  over  to  keep  the  peace  towards  her.  It  appeared  that  Glover  is  a  skin  printer,  in  Manchester.  but  now  resides  at  Bootle,  with  his  brother-in-law.  His  brother,  it  appears,  Come  time  since  gave  him  £2,000,  which  he  ran  through,  and  his  ill-treatment  of  his  wife  arises  from  a  claim  he  says  he  has  to  £1,200  more.  During  the  last  squabble  between  this  unhappy  couple,  some  third  party  in  interfering  had  given  the  husband  black  eyes.  He  had  on  one  occasion  before  been  charged  with  beatin,,  ,, STYLE=superscript  his  wife.  The  magistrates  ordered  that  he  should  be  bound  over  to  keep  the  peace  for  three  months,  himself  in  £5O,  and  two  sureties  in  £25  each.  SMUGGLING.—BeItayn  Cabruga,  ,  and  Benito  Saford,  (Spaniards)  of  the  ship  Isabelle  ,  were  charged  with  having  each  smuggled  three-and-a-11;1f  gallons  of  foreign  rum,  concealed  in  the  pump  of  the  vessel.  Remanded  till  the  4th.  .  Juan  Guinart,  (a  Spaniard  also)  of  the  same  vessel,  was  charged  with  smuggling  five  boxes  of  cigars,  containing  8  pounds  each,  valued  at  £8  Bs.  They  were  concealed  under underneath  neath underneath  his  bed,  He  was  ordered  to  pay  the  vaiue  of  the  cigars,  in  default  to  be  imprisoned  for  three  days.  THE  RIGHT  OP  A  PAWNBROKER  TO  RETAIN  PROPERTY  SUPPOSED  TO  BE  STOLEN.—JOhII  Potter,  assistant  to  Mr.  Murdock,  pawnbroker,  Vauxhall-road,  was  summoned  by  Mr.  IV.  C.  Asgill,  teacher,  of  Kirkdale,  for  illegally  detain detaining  ing detaining  a  quantity  of  plate  which  had  been  offered  him  for  pledge.  From  the  statement  of  Mr.  Clough,  superintendent  of  the  detective  police,  it  appeared  the  plaintiff,  11ir.  Asgill,  went  a  few  days  ago,  to  the  shop  of  .Mr.  Murdock,  and  offered  for  pledge  a  quantity  of  plate,  consisting  of  a  tea  kettle,  table-spoons,  ladle,  fish-slice,  and  other  articles.  The  de defendant  fendant defendant  suspected  the  articles  were  stolen,  as  they  were  marked  from  the  Levant  steamer  of  that  name,  and  he  sent  for  an  officer  and  gave  the  defendant  into  cus custody.  tody. custody.  The  captain  and  steward  of  the  Brigand  were  sent  for,  but  they  failed  to  recognize  the  property.  After  some  inquiries  had  been  made,  it  was  discovered  that  a  vessel  called  the  was  lost  about  ten  years  since  .  ,  on  a  voyage  between  Bristol  and  London,  and  that  the  defend defendant's  ant's defendant's  daughter  was  married  to  the  captain  of  that  vessel,  whose  name  was  Hunt.  It  was  also  ascertained  there  was  but  one  gentleman  resident  in  Liverpool  who  could  decide  whether  the,  property  belonged  to  the  vessel  or  to  the  plain plaintiff's  tiff's plaintiff's  daughter,  but  unfortunately  he  was  out  of  town.  Under  those  circumstance,  Mr.  Clough  arranged  with  the  defendant  that  the  plate  should  be  left  in  his  possession  until  the  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  returned,  in  order  that  the  necessary  inquiry  should  be  made,  and,  accordingly,  he  desired  the  defendant  to  leave  the  plate  at  the  police  office,  agreeably  to  the  arrange arrangement  ment arrangement  made  with  defendant,  with  a  view  to  discovering  who  really  owned  the  plate.  The  defendant  positively  refused  to  give  up  the  plate.  Mr.  Clough  then  informed  him  he  would  be  summoned,  to  which  he  answered,  he  did  not  care  ;  he  would  not  leave  the  property—the  police  had  no  right  to  it,  and  it  was  not  their's.  The  consequence  was  that  the  police  had  no  opportunity  of  making  any  enquiry  whatever.  Mr.  Booth  :  Had  it  been  pledged  ?  Mr.  Clough  :  No,  he  lent  nothing  on  it,  •  but  the  pawnbrokers  say  they  will  return  this  kind  of  property  in  their  posses possession,  sion, possession,  and  if  no  owner  turns  up  they  keep  it.  The  defendant  stated  that  on  Tuesday  evening,  the  plaintiff  offered  him  a  quantity  of  plate  for  pledge.  It  was  marked  the  Brigand  He  told  plaintiff  he  was  too  late,  (as  he  wished  to  make  enquiry  before  taking  it)  but  if  he  called  next  morning,  and  that  it  were  all  right,  he  would  take  it.  Next  morning  ,  he  (defendant)  ascertained  that  Mes4rs.  Fairelough  had  a  steamer  called  the  Brigand,  and  they  believed  the  pro property  perty property  to  be  theirs,  that  the  captain  would  certify,  and;  if  the  party  were  again  to  present  him himself  self himself  they  would  feel  'obliged  if  he  were  given  into  custody.  The  plaintiff  was  given  into  custody,  and  the  captain  and  steward  came  but  they  could  not  identify  the  property.  It  was  then  recollected  that  a  vessel  called  the  Brigand  run running  ning running  between  London  and  Liverpool  was  lost  some  years  ago,  but  they  learned  at  Fitzsimon  and  Appleby's  that  nothing  had  been  saved  from  the  vessel,  but  they  had  every  reason  to  believe  the  plate  belonged  to  the  Brigand,  lie"
