text
"IRELAND.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  FRIDAY.  THE  FATkL  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.  The  adjourned  inquest  - STYLE=superscript  was  resumed  'at  Naas,  yesterday  morning.  Most  of  those  who  were  present  on  the  previous  day,  were  in  attendance.  111  r.  Meagher,  in  addition  to  the  other  parties  for  whom  he  appeared,  attended  on  belialf  ofthe  'representatives  of  Mr.  Bateman,  of  Cork.  Agent—Mr.  Price  Fitzgerald.  The  prisoners  were  present,  in  the  custody  of  the  governor  and  two  of  the  turnkeys  of  the  gaol.  The  examination  of  John  Heffernan,  driver  of  the  express  train  was  resumed  and  continued  for  some  time.  William  Hutchinson,  a  labouring  man  living  at  Clownings,  'who  was  examined  on  the  first  day,  was  then  recalled,  he  deposed  that  he  saw  the  goods  train  approaching  at  about  two  miles  distance,  and  there  was  no  whistle  from  it.  It  came  up  strong  to  the  passenger  train,  I  think  at  its  ordin ordinary  ary ordinary  speed,  but  I  did  not  :sic  any  ,Steam  from  the  chimney.  I  saw  the  red  light  at  Strnffan  about  five-minutes  before  the  collision,  and.  before  I  saw  !the  lights  of  the  goods  train.  There  was  no  tail-lights  on  the  passenger  train.  I  did  not  see  the  goods  train  pass  guard.  .Thomas  Hayden  examined—l  was  travelling  by  the  goods  train  which  arrived  in  Dublin  at  three  o'clock  on  the  day  of  the  accident  ;  I  got  in  at  Teinplemore  ;  It  left  that  place  at  ten  o'clock  ;  I  am  a  freqiient  .passenger  by.-theTassenger  train,  and  I  never  knew  -better  servants  than  those  in  the  employment  of  the  company  r  ,  a  collectiOn  was  made  tha  tday  in  the  third-class  carriagon  which  I  travelled  ;  it  was  made  about  Portarlington  by  •  a  Mr.  Meagher  from  Thurles.  James  Finnamore  examined—l  was  a  pasenger  by  the  express  train  at  the  time  of  the  accident.  When  the  train  broke  down  I  got  out,  and  afterwards  got  in  again.;  what  made  me  get  out  was,  that  `I  heard  the  whistle  of  a  train  behind;  my  sister  also  heard  it;  but  for  that  whistle  I  would  have  been  killed,  for  I  'never  thought  of  getting  out  one  of  our  party  could  not  . STYLE=superscript  get  . STYLE=superscript  out  ;  and  'Mr.  Hall  who  had  been  sitting  near  me  in  tliq  can•idge,was  killed.  I  assisted  afterwards  in  carrying  the  .dead,  and  assisting  the  wounded,  but  I  had  no  instruments  with  me.  -  Dr.  Cusach  was  then  recalled,  and  stated  that  Gass  ap appeared  peared appeared  to  him  quite  sober  on  the  night  of  the  accident.  Witness  had  been  in  the  habit  of  travelling  on  the  engines,  and  he  had  know  Gass  for•  two  years,  during  which  he  never  knew  him  to  be  drunk.  •  •  John  Conroy  examined—l  was  a  passenger  by  the  goods  train  on  the  day  of  the  accident  •  it  was  driven  by  Gass.  [ldentifies  him].  I  travel  but  seldom  on  the  line;  I  was  standing  on  the  next  truck  to  the  engine,  with  my  cattle;  I  did  not  see  any  red  light  at  Straffan,  or  on  the  line;  I  heard  the  whistle  of  the  engine  about  two  or  three  minutes  before  the  accident  occurred  ;  I  -can  say  that  that  was  the  whistle  of  the  engine  attached  to  the  train  ;  I  felt  a  sudden  check  of  the  train,  as  if  it  was  pulled  ,up  suddenly  •  '  I  felt  it  im immediately  mediately immediately  after  the  whistle;--the  crash  took  place  about  a  minute  after  the  whistle  ;  I  do  not  think  that  the  train  slackened  speed  till  it,  could  not  help  it  ;  I  think  it  dashed  into  the  other  train  withbut  shiekenins  speed  '  •  Gass  was  standing  sideways  on  the  left  of  the  engine  ;  I  observed  him  standing  that  . STYLE=superscript  way  about  three  .quarters  of  a  mile  •  by  the  way  he  was  standing  he  should  be  'looking  across  the  line;  I  could  see  a'  carriage  before  me:  that  night;  but  I  could  not  say  whether  it  was  standing  or  .  going  ;  long  before  the  whistle  I  saw  it  ;  when  I  first  saw  it,  it  might  be  at  three threequarters  quarters threequarters  of  a  mile  distanee  ;  the  engine  driver  could  have  seen  it,  I  think  ;  I  was  flung  amongst  the  cattle,  and  when  I  got  up  again  I  got  on  the  door  of  the  truck,  and  leaped  out  on  the  bank  :  I  think  that  the  engine  was  going  into  the  carriage  when  I  reached  the  bank  •  it  was  the  buffers  striking  together  that  threw  me  on  my  back  ;  I  was  fright frightened  ened frightened  When  I  was  thrown  down  ;  it  was  not  going  at  much  speed  when  I  leaped  out  ;  it  was  not  going  with  any  strength  or  power,  but  it  was  not  standing  still;  after  I  leaped  off  I  could  not  say  it  went  a.  foot;  I  saw  dead  bodies  lying  about.  George  M.  Millar,  engineer,  and  superintendent  of  the  locomotive  department,  was  the  next  witness  examined,  and  explained  the  duties  of  the.  engine  drivers,  and  stokers,  as  laid  down  in  the  rules.  From  my  professional  knowledge,  I  think  a  cattle  train  of  twenty  carriages,  going  at  the  rate  of  twenty  miles  an  hour,  could  be  paled  up  in  half  a  mile,  on  a  wet  night,  at  such  a  place  as  that  where  the  accident  occurred.  'When  a  driver  sees  a  red  light,  it  is  his  duty  to  pull  up  immediately  ;  if  it  - STYLE=superscript  was  at  the  station  he  would  use  his  own  discretion,  and  not  pull  up  so  suddenly  as  if  he  saw  a  strange  light  on  the  line  1  I  know  the  line  from  Sallins  to  Straffan  ;  I  have  a  section  of  it:  [Section  shown.]  The  Straffan  light  is  visible  four  miles;  the  second  bridge  from  that  station  towards  Sallins  obscures  it  for  about  half  a  mile  ;  it  is  then  again  visible  for  a  mile  and  a  third  ;  if  he  saw  that  light  before  coming  to  the  bridge,  he  should  shut  off  his  steam  immediately,  for  there  is  a  gradient  there.  Before  the  close  of  Mr.  Miller's  examination  the  inquiry  was  adjourned  to  this  morning  at  ten  o'clock.  A  special  train  was  in  waiting  at  Sallins  for  the  accomo accomodation  dation accomodation  of  the  jurors,  counsel,  and  others  concerned.  A  good  deal  of  discussion  having  taken  place  at  the  inquest  respect respecting  ing respecting  the  probable  distance  at  which  the  danger  light  at  the  Straffan  station  could  be  seen  along  the  line,  the  jury,  Captain  Tyler,  R.E.,  MX.  Merry,  Mr,  Miller,  and  other  gentlemen,  travelled  from  Sallies  on  the  engine,  the  tender,  and  the  breake  van  for  the  purpose  of  determining  the  question  by  actual  observation,.  The  light  was  first  observed  at  a  distance  ofabout  two-and-a-half  miles;  it  was  afterwards  lost  to  the  view  for  a  short  time,  and  again  became  visible  at  about  a  mile-and-a-half  from'  the  station.  The  night,  however,  was  very  fine  and  clear,  which  was  not  the  case  when  the  accident  occurred.  To-morrow,  (Saturday)  an  experiment  will  be  made  near  where  the  accident  oecurred,  in  presence  of  the  jury,  for  the  purpose  of  determining  an  important  question  •as  to  which  different  opinions  bave  been  expressed  by  some  of  the  witnesses  examined.  Mr.  Cusack  and  Mr.  Heffernan,  the  driVer  of  the  express  train,  were  of  opinion  that  Gass  could  not  have  pulled  up  the  train  he  was  driving  on  the  night  in  question  an  a  shorter  distanee  'than  one,  mire  and  a  quarter.  Mr.  Miller  and  Mr.  Ilberry  thought  that  he  could  do  so  in  half  a  mile.  As  a  good  deal  turns  upon  this,  Mr.  Miller,  at  the  request  of  the  jury,  his'iindertaken  to  test  the  matter  by  experiment.  He  will  procure  a  luggage  train  of  22  waggons,  with  a  break  van,  tender,  and  a  powerful  en engine,  gine, engine,  such  as  Gass  drove,  and  with  these  he  will  run  from  Sallbas  towards  Straffan  at  the  rate  of  twenty  miles  an  hour,  and  when  within  half  a  mile  of  where  the  accident  took  place,  he  will  shut  off  steam,  apply  his  brakes,  and  reverse  the  action  of  the  engine,  in  order  to:  ascertain  exactly  how  soon  he  can  stop  the  train.-  - STYLE=superscript  Mr.  Curran  (council  for  Gass)  says  this  will  not  be  a  fair  test  unless  the  rails  are  wet  and  slippery,  as  they  were  described  to  be  on  the  night  of  the  accident.  It  may  be  observed  that  there  is  an  incline  from  Sallies  to  Straffan.  LATEST  PARTICULARS.  On  inquiry  yesterday  at  half-past  two  o'clock  at  Madame  Steevens's  Hospital,  we  were  glad  to  find  that  the  sufferers  are  progressing  favourably.  Although  Mi  ss  P  ac  k  did  not  p  ass  a  night,  the  erysipelatous  inflammation  made  no  progress  the  morning.  Miis  Parrall  (whose  leg  was  m  usrgg STYLE=superscript  is  iinn STYLE=superscript  going  on  very  well‘  Dr.  Stokes'  servant  is  a  pu  oa  goode  d  getting  much  better.  Esther  Coffey  is  getting  much  better,  as  regards  the  injuries  she  received  ;  the  chief  matter  to  militate  against  her  recovery  is  a  severe  attack  on  the  lungs.  A  PP  OINTMENT.-11CITUlt8  Mac  Donnell,  Esq.,  son  of  the  Provost  of  Trinity  College,  and  brother  of  the  Governor  of  St.  Vincent,  has  been  appointed  Registrar  of  the  Court  of  Bankruptcy,  vice  Barry  Collins,  resigned.  LISBURN  ELECTION.—The  Northern  Whig  treats  the  statement  of  Mr.  Birney's  retirement  made  by  the  Belfast  News  Letter  as  a  ruse,  and  warns  the  liberal  electors  to  be  on  their  guard.  TILE  ARMY.—It  is  stated  that  the  Duke  of  Cambridge  will  be  appointed  to  the  Irish  command,  and  that  Lord  Cardigan  will  succeed  him  as  Inspector  General  of  cavalry.  I'VE  TFMA  RSE7'  RACES.—YESTERDAY,  .  Sweepststakes  of  10  sots.  Half  Ab.  M.  Fby  Ugly  Back  .  •  •  •  •  •  •  ...  Wave  ...  ..  ..  .  •  ..  Four  ran.  Handicap.  Two  and  Three-yr-olds.  Pillion  .  Grimalkin  .  Prendergast  Stakes.  Boarding  School  Miss  filly  ...  .  Astofolo  •  •  ..  Handicap  Sweepstakes.  Orinoco  Rahel  Ten  ran.  Sweepstakes  of  100  sow.  Beatrix  Remorse  Thrce  ran.  LATEST  BETTING.  -  CAMBAIDEGSHIRE.  6to  1  agst  John  Day's  lot  25  to  1  agst  Bit  of  Blue  10  to  1  agst  Nabob  25  to  1  '  agst  Balrownie  12  to  1  agst  Orestes  25  to  1  agst  Seahorse  16  to  1  agst  Haco  (taken  125t0  1  agst  Rataplan  (of (offreely)  freely) (offreely)  fered)  20  to  1  agst  Invasion  33  to  1  agst  Grey  Tommy  20  to  ..1  agst  Mistletoe  33  to  1  agst  Goorkah  20  to  1  agst  Hatchet  ,st  King  Tom  20  to  1  agst  Dervish  (taken;"
