text
"instant  were  673,  including  49  fever  and  57  number  in  the  house  upon  the  9th  ins  Mr.  Shaw  moved  the  adoption  of  the  minutes,  which,  afte  The  tota  Ent  was  2536  some  unimportant  conve  rsation,  was  carried  INDUSTRIAL  SCHOOLS  COMMITTEE,  •  The  minutes  of  this  committee  were  read,  and  their  adoption  moved  by  Mr.  Woodruff.  Con  a'ning  nothing  of  any  import importance,  ance, importance,  the  minutes  were  passed  without  any  conversation.  L  RELIEF'  COMMITTEE  The  minutes  of  this  committee  contained  the  following  letter  from  Mr.  William  Earle  Liverpool,  18th  December,  1355.  Dear  Sir,-1  received  a  note  from  you  two  dap;  ago,  requesting  me  to  pass  some  lunatic  paupers  to  the  asylum.  I  was  unable  to  attend,  having  other  business;  but  had  this  not  been  the  case,  I  should  have  had  some  hesitation  as  to  meeting  your  wishes.  The  fact  is  I  have  not  approved,  on  the  two  last  occasions  when  I  have  been  called  on  to  act,  of  the  certificates  as  to  the  lunacy  of  the  paupers  being  signed  by  the  medical  men  of  the  parish.  I  mean  no  disrespect  to  these  gentlemen,  but  there  are  most  serious  objections  to  it.  I  hardly  think  it  is  a  system  which  would  be  approved  of  by  the  Poor  Law  Commissioners;  but  unless  the  law  compels  me  to  adopt  it,  I,  as  an  individual  magistrate,  shall  decline  doing  so.  I  have  no  wish  to  conceal  my  sentiments  upon  this  subject,  I  am,  dear  sir,  yours  truly,  WILMA:II  EARLE.  Mr.  Bradley  moved  the  confirmation  of  the  proceedings.  Mr,  'Whitby  asked  what  had  been  done  in  reference  to  the  letter  of  Mr.  Earle?  Mr.  Bradley  said  it  would  be  taken  into  consideration,  and  brought  before  the  attention  of  the  vestry,  at  the  next  day  of  meeting.  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed.  PINANCE  comaturtg.  The  proceedings  of  this  cotinnittee  contained  the  following  correspondence  between  the  Poor  Law  Board,  Mr,  William  Jordan,  of  London-road,  and  Mr.  Hart  :  Gentlemen,  48,  London-road,  Liverpool  6th  Dec.,  1855.  other  ratepayers,  that  great  abuses  have  crept  into  the  system  of  administering  outdoor  relief  to  the  paupers  of  this  town,  I  shall  feel  much  obliged  by  your  answering  the  following  queries  for  our  satisfaction  t--  Ist.  Can  one  member  of  a  quorum  of  three  s  which  should  sit  daily,  transact  business  in  the  absence  of  the  other  two  2nd.  In  case  none  of  the  members  of  a  quorum  attend,  can  any  member  of  the  select  vestry  act  in  their  absence?  3rd.  Can  the  select  vestry  delegate  their  authority  to  any  individual  member  to  act  in  their  absence  ?  (Signed)  WILLIAM  JORDAN  *geers,  London.  I  am,  &amp;e.,  To  the  Poor-law  Commis  Poor  law  Board,  Whitehall,  17th  Dec.,  1856.  Sir,—l  am  directed  by  the  Poor-law  Board  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  letter  of  the  6th  inst.,  and  in  reply  to  your  inquiries  to  state  that  Article  3  of  an  order  issued  by  the  .00r-law  Commissioners  to  the  parish  of  Liverpool,  ou  the  22nd  March,  1841,  provides  that  no  guardian  elected  for  that  parish  shall  act  in  virtue  of  his  office  except  as  a  member,  and  at  a  meeting  of  the  board  of  guardians.  The  operation  of  this  order,  which  related  to  the  board  of  guardians,  as  then  constituted,  for  the  parish  of  Liverpool,  was  afterwards  ex extended  tended extended  to  the  select  vestry  of  the  parish  by  an  order  dated  30th  July,  1842.  'Fite  board  further  desire  to  refer  you  to  the  statute  7  and  8  Vic.  cap.  101,  sec.  4,  regulating  the  mode  in  which  guardians  elected  under  the  local  acts  shall  conduct  their  proceedings,  by  which  it  is  provided  that  such  guardians,  in  all  matters  con concerninuthe  cerninuthe concerninuthe  relief  of  the  poor,  shall  act  as  a  board  at  a  meeting,  and  not  individually.—l  am,  &amp;I  ,  Cou  ItTN  EY,  secretary.  To  V.  Jordan,  Esq.,  43,  London-road,  Liverpool.  48,  London-road,  Liverpool,  22nd  D.c.,  1855.  My  Lord,—l  am  honoured  by  your  lordship's  communica communication  tion communication  of  the  I  9th,  in  reply  to  my  letter,  dated  6Lh  iostant,  by  which  lam  informed  that  it  is  illegal  for  any  yu  , STYLE=superscript  mber  of  the  select  vestry  of  Liverpool  to  act  in  his  individual  capacity.  I  now  beg  to  inform  the  Poor-law  Board  that  lamia  a  position  to  prove  that  individual  members  of  that  body  are  constantly  in  the  habit  of  performing  duties,  particularly  in  the  adminis administra'ion  tra'ion administra'ion  of  outdoor  relief,  which  can  only  legally  be  performed  by  a  committee  or  quorum  appointed  by  the  full  vestry  ;  the  consequence  of  which  is  that  the  outdoor  paupers  of  this  extensive  parish  are  (oftener  than  otherwise)  quite  at  the  mercy  of  an  individual,  instead  of  having  their  claims  for  relief  sub submitted  mitted submitted  to  a  committee,  as  specially  provided  by  law  for  their  protection.  I  can  also  prove  that  instances  have  lately  occurred  where  the  names  of  paupers  have  been  struck  eff  the  relief  list  by  one  member  of  the  select  vestry,  have  had  their  names  restored  shortly  afterwards  by  another  member,  who  also  ordered  all  arrears  of  relief  to  be  paid  to  them,  no  change  whatever  having  occurred  in  the  circumstances  of  such  paupers  during  the  period  in  which  relief  was  discontinued.  It  is  also  notorious  that  individual  members  of  the  vestry  are  constantly  in  the  habit  of  giving  orders,  and  making  suggestions  to  the  workhouse  o!ficials,  which  appear  to  have  quite  as  much  weight  with  those  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  as  the  orders  of  the  entire  vestry.  If  the  Poor-law  Board  will  cause  an  investigation  to  be  made  into  these  matters  it  would  hn  ca  aa  AuG  or  justice  to  the  poor,  and  give  great  satisfaction  to  th  e  oratepayers.—l  have  the  honour  to  remain,  ex.,  (Signed)  WILLIAM  JORDAN  To  the  Right  Hon.  Lord  Courtney,  S  ecre  t  ary  to  the  .  Poor-law  Board,  London.  Poor-law  Board,  Whitehall,  2nd  January,  1856.  Sir,—l  am  directed  by  the  Poor-law  Board  to  acknowledge  the  receipt  of  your  letter  of  the  22nd  ult.,  in  which  you  allege  that  individual  members  of  the  select  vestry  of  the  parish  of  Liverpool  are  in  the  habit  of  performing  duties  in  the  admin administration  istration administration  of  the  relief  of  the  poor  which  cannot  lesplly  be  performed  by  them.  I  am  directed  to  state  that  your  letter  will  receive  the  consideration  of  the  board,  who  will  make  inquiry  as  to  t'te  circumstances  which  you  have  brought  under  th  ,  ei  s  r  e  n  cr  o  e  t  ta  ice  ry  .  7  l  am,  &amp;c.,  (Signed)  To  W.  Jordan,  Esq.,  &amp;c,,  &amp;c.  Poor.law  Board,  Whitehall,  2nd  January.  1856.  Sir,—l  am  directed  by  the  Poor-law  Board  to  transmit  to  you,  for  the  consideration  of  the  select  vestry  of  the  parish  of  Liverpool,  the  accompanying  copy  of  a  correspondence  which  has  taken  place  between  Mr.  W.  Jordan,  of  London-  roa  d,  Liverpool,  and  the  board.  an  d  t.  .  the  board  be  furnished  with  any  observations  w,q  which  the  tnat STYLE=superscript  select  vestrymay  may  be  desirous  of  making  on  the  subject  of  this  correspondence.--  I  am,  sir,  your  obedient  servant,  To  Charl  es  Hatt,  GREN  LE  L.  BERKELEY,  S  E3q.,  V  viL STYLE=superscript  Vestry  Clerk,  Liverpoole  cretary.  Mr.  Owen  expressed  a  hope  that  this  correspondence  would  induce  a  better  attendance  upon  the  part  of  members  of  the  quorums  Mr.  Denton  said  the  statements  contained  in  the  letters  to  the  poor  law  board  were  all  matters  of  hearsay.  It  was  agreed  that  the  quorums  should  in  future  meet  every  Wednesday  morning  at  10  o'clock.  Mr.  Whitty  asked  why  no  account  was  rendered  of  the  cost  of  the  removal  of  English  poor  to  other  unions  ?  He  had  made  this  enquiry  upon  a  former  occasion,  and  was  told  that  the  information  would  be  given  in  a  short  time,  but  it  had  never  been  given  since.  Mr.  Hart  said  the  business  was  going  on  every  day.  He  was  collecting  the  information  from  different  parties  and  would  lay  it  before  the  board.  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed  A  report  from  Mr.  Wylie  was  laid  before  the  board,  in  com compliance  pliance compliance  with  a  motion  of  Mr.  Denton,  cf  the  number  of  assessments  revised  during  the  last  six  months.  The  report  stated,  that  739  assessments  had  been  altered  in  I  IS  streets,  but  that  no  numerical  statement  could  give  any  estimate  of  the  number  of  assessments  which  required  to  begone  over."
