text
"WARLIKE  PREPARATIONS  IN  TURKEY.  Despatches  from  Constantinople  state  that  the  war  preparations  are  still  being  carried  on  there  with  the  utmost  energy  and  activity.  The  suggestions  made  by  Omer  Pacha  have  been  fully  approved  of  by  the  Ottoman  Government.  0  SWEDEN,  Intelligence  from  Stockholm  informs  us  that  it  is  officially  announced  that  the  most  active  prepa preparations  rations preparations  for  war  are  to  be  continued  in  that  king.  dom.  Sweden  will  be  fully  prepared  to  take  part,  if  necessary,  in  warlike  operations.  THE  FRENCH  FUNDS  PARIS,  THURSDAY  'EVENING  The  transactions  to-day  on  the  Bourse  closed  at  the  following  quotations  :—Four  and  a  Half  per  Cents.,  96f.  25e.  ;  Three  per  Cents.,  70f.  80c.  FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING.  Still  we  have  nothing  official  about  the  great  questiotiof  the  moment.  But  it  is  expected  that  in  a  day  or  two  at  the  most,  the  signing  of  the  preliminaries  of  peace,  which  is  to  take  place  in  this  city,  and  not,  as  at  first  supposed,  at  Vienna,  %yin  he  announced  in  the  llfoniteur.  The  text  of  the  Russian  acceptance  of  the  Austrian  proposi propositions  tions propositions  having  been  for  some  days  in  the  hands  of  the  French  and  English  governments,  surprise  is  expressed  at  their  not  having  published  it.  The  date  of  meeting  Of  the  Conferences  will  be  the  21st  February,  or  a  day  or  two  before  or  after,  and  it  is  expected  that  the  conferences  will  not  last  more  than  a  month.  The  Bourse  continues  to  manifest  the  most  complete  confidence  in  the  conclusion  of  peace;  the  man  who  should  there  venture  to  express  any  doubt  on  the  matter  would  be  insulted,  perhaps  illtreated.  To  day  the  confidence  has  been  mani manifested  fested manifested  by  another  very  considerable  rise.  The  Boursiers  pretended  to  know  positively  that  the  speech  to  be  delivered  by  the  Queen  of  England  on  opening  Parliament  to•morrow,  will  be  ultra ultrapacific.  pacific. ultrapacific.  _  _  _  -  A  piece  of  court  gosip  is,  that  the  Emperor  said  to  a  general  who  waited  on  him  to  pay  his  General,  I  hope  by  the  20th  of  March  (the  anniversary  of  the  great  Napoleon's  return  from  Elba)  to  give  France  an  heir  to  the  throne,  and  peace  !  Another  bit  of  gossip  is,  that  His  Majesty  said  to  General  Bosquet,  the  Crimean  Well  general  we  are  to  have  peace  it  seems,  answered  Bosquet,  but  notwithstanding,  I  recommend  your  Majesty  not  to  cease  warlike  so  cause 'Because'  they  will  naturally  be  required  to  enable  us  before  long  to  join  the  Russians  in  making  war  on  the  To  this  answer  the  Emperor  is  said  to  have  smiled  gravely,  •  I  have  some  reason  to  believe  that  the  first  story  is  true,  but  I  doubt  very  much  the  second  one  about  Bosquet.  Such  is  the  engouement  for  peace  just  now,  that  no  attention  is  paid  to  the  gravity  of  the  relations  between  the  United  States  and  England.  The  Constitutionnel  has  a  letter  from  St.  Peters Petersburg  burg Petersburg  which  says  that  the  Russian  nobility  of  Moscow—the  old  Russian  party—are.  indignant  in  the  extreme  against  the  Czar  for  having  accepted  the..  Austrian  conditions,  which  they  proclaim  humiliating  to  Russia.  ln  the  city  some  appre apprehension  hension apprehension  is  entertained  that  perhaps  some  san sanguinary  guinary sanguinary  outbreak  of  the  fanatic  Russian  nobility  and,''people  will  render  it  impossible  for  the  Emperor  Alexander  to  maintain  his  acceptnace  of  the  conditions.  We  have  accounts  from  Constantinople  to  the  20th.  The  news  of  the  Russian  acceptance  arrived  on  the  lath,  and  created  a  tremendous  sensation.  The  Greek  population  could  not  believe  the  thing  true  :  the  Turks  received  the  news  with  pleasure.  A  vessel  containing  the  intelligence  has  been  sent  off  to  the  Crimea.  On  the  9th  the  Russians  attempted  to  atteek  Kertch,  but  were  prevented  by  the  vigilance  of  General  Vivian.  _  A.  grand  ball  was  given  at  the  Tuileries  last  night.  CIIRIST/ANITY  IN  NEW  Zr'ALAND.—A  similar  meeting  to  th  at  held  in  Everton  on  Wednesday  night,  was  held  in  Cornwallis-street  eehools  last  night,  for  the  purpose  of  bearing  a  statement  from  the  Rev.  Richard  Taylor,  mis missionary,  sionary, missionary,  o;  the  progress  of  Christianity  in  N.  , STYLE=superscript  w  Zealand.  tors  of  Midbnrst,  Hepango,)'  a  native  New  Zealander,  was  also  present.  nomination  as  a  candidate  at  the  Mr.  Walpole  has  issued  his  farewell  address  to  the  eke ekeallow  allow ekeallow  myself  to  Having  received  such  numerous  app:;..  nations  from  my  own  University  to  approachin  g  election.  I  felts  had  hardly  any  other  alterna alternative  tive alternative  than  to  respond  to  the  e:x  11 STYLE=superscript  which  h&amp;s  thus  been  made  to  -  pirult  hwohich  he  sass  :  Fdate  of  the  10th  January,  passed  the  fronti  ers  of  St.  Domingo  wi.h  his  army  in  th  ree  divi divim  m divim  St.  w  e  p STYLE=superscript  learn  omin STYLE=superscript  t  g STYLE=superscript  h  o STYLE=superscript  at  an STYLE=superscript  tt  d STYLE=superscript  )e  i STYLE=superscript  l  t STYLE=superscript  ni  tl STYLE=superscript  pe  ' STYLE=superscript  ro;  under: STYLE=superscript  iustin  h  a  d  !‘ionsl  one  of  which  he  commanded  in  person.  The  Dominicans  met  Lim,  gave  battle,  and  totally  rowed  the  Havtian  army,  capturing  many  prisoners  and  vighty  cases  of  am  ruzlition.  Several  generals  in  the  Emperor's  service  have  been  tried,  condemned  and  shot,  for  having  ft  , STYLE=superscript  d  during  the  battle.  Nearly  all  the  male  population  between  the  ages  of  16  and  60  were  compelled  to  accom  pany  the  Emperor.  Business  i  s  very  dull  in  oonsequonce."
