text
"LIVERPOOL  JUVENILE  REFORMATORI  ASSOCIATION,  A  meeting  of  the  Juvenile  Reformatory  Association  was  held  in  tho  Council-chambers,  Town-hall,  at  twelve  o'clock  yestc  y,  for  the  purpose  of  receiving  the  repor  of  the  executive  committee,  appointing  a  committee  fo  , STYLE=superscript  the  present  year.  and  other  business.  Among  the  gentle  men  present,  were  Messrs.  William  Brown,  M.P.,  Josepl  C.  Ewart,  M.P.,  John  Stewart,  Mayor,  the  Rev.  Recto  Campbell,  William  Rathbone,  J.  D.  Anderson,  J.  .13  Brougham,  James  A.  Tobin,  Samuel  Holme,  Hilton  Hal  head,  Rev.  Francis  Bishop,  John  S.  Mansfield,  J.  Wood  ruff,  Francis  Clint,  Hugh  Hornby,  Ven.  Archdeacoi  Jones,  J.  Pemberton  Heywood,  Harmnod  Banner,  Davi  , STYLE=superscript  Hodgson,  Major  Greig,  Adam  Hodgson,  William  Bennett  Rev.  Mr.  Carter,  John  Cropper,  John  Drinkwater,  Martin,  E  Jones,  Charles  Langton,  Captain  Schonberg  J.  Clarke,  John  Clint,  R.  E.  Harvey,  &amp;c.,  &amp;  was  occupied  by  Mr.  John  Stewart,  Esq.,  Mayor  The  Chairman  briefly  opened  the  proceedings  servin7,  that  it  was  the  first  meeting  of  the  Li  Juvenile  Reformatory  Institution,  and  that  in  c  r  with  one  of  its  resolutions,  he,  as  the  Mayor  for  t  bPinq,  F  resided  on  the  occasion  ten  stated  ti  had  received  letters  from  J.  B.  }Torsion  the  Recorder,  Gilbert  Henderson,  Esq.,  regret  being  absent  from  town,  they  could  not  be  press  meeting,  but  expressing  the  warmest  wishes  1  cess  of  ti  institution,  Mr.  Brougham  then  read  the  following  REPORT  oe  of  the  JuvPnile  RM.()  following  report  of  t  proceedings  during  the  past  year  •  In  the  early  part  of  the  year  a  pros-ectus  wag  up  and  issued  by  the  committee,  in  wit4.h  they  propose  establishing  a  r  ,, STYLE=superscript  formatory,  embracinz  three  institui  viz.  :  lst—A  reformatory  ship  in  which  boys  should  1 STYLE=superscript  trained  for  the  navy  or  merchant  service.  2nd—A  ref  mstory  on  shore,  where,  in  addition  to  the  ordinal  industrial  employment  of  mechanical  trades,  thy  mi'  2 STYLE=superscript  /  be  employed  in  agricultural  labour.  And  3rd—An  List  tution  for  the  reformation  of  girls.  The  commute  immediately  applied  to  the  Lords  of  tt  Admirality  for  a  supernumary  frigate,  and  after  !Lye  delay,  owing  in  part  to  the  change  in  her  Maje-  Government,  their  application  was  granted,  and  in  .I'l  l STYLE=superscript  last  her  Majesty's  frigate  Akbar  was  placed  at  the  di  , STYLE=superscript  posal  of  this  committee  until  she  should  again  he  require  for  her  Majesty's  service.  The  committee  believed  the  she  is  admirably  adapted  for  their  purpose,  and  she  capable  of  accommodating  at  least  five  hundred  boys.  The  committee  have  been  fully  and  diligently  oceupie  in  making  the  requisite  alterations  and  arrangements  board  the  ship,  and  also  in  the  preparation  of  the  rule  which  have  been  printed  and  circulated,  and  a  copy  which  is  herewith  laid  before  the  association.  A.  superit  tendent  and  other  officers  have  been  appointed.  In  the  alterations  and  fitting-up  more  than  1.000/.  already  been  expended.  The  ship  is  now  ready  for  tl  reception  of  boys,  and  has  been  certified  by  her  Majesty  Secretary  of  State  for  the  Home  Department  as  a  reflo!  matory  within  the  meaning  of  the  f.;r  the  betti  care  and  reformation  of  youthful  (17  and  I  Vie.  c.  86.)  Already  some  boys  have  been  committed  1 STYLE=superscript  prison  by  the  magistrates,  and  are  thereafter  to  be  so  on  board  the  Akbar  for  a  term  of  years.  Application  was  made  to  the  Dock  Committee  for  lea'  to  moor  the  Akbar  in  the  Birkenhead  Float,  which  apP  l STYLE=superscript  cation  was  kindly  acceded  to,  and  at  present  she  is  lyir  near  the  Messrs.  Laird's  building  -yard,  in  the  Gres  Float;  but  it  is  probable  the  committee  may  find  it  m°  l STYLE=superscript  desirable  to  have  her  -mo  ore  d  i  n  t  h  e  river,  where,  would  be  brought  more  conspicuously  before  the  public.  The  necessity  for  juvenile  reformatories  is  admitted  t  all,  and  associations  for  their  establishment  are  beir  rapidly  formed  throughout  the  country  ;  but  Liverpool  the  first  to  try  the  experiment  of  a  reformatory  seta  ship,  for  the  purpose  of  training  boys  for  the  navy  merchant  service,  a  profession,  it  is  thougnt,  peculiar'  adapted  to  the  unsettled  habits  of  many  of  these  juveol  criminals  and  dangerously  destit  u  t  e  b  oys  ;  and  LiverP  O4  with  its  large  amount  of  shipping  and  great  demand  fi  sailors,  affords  in  an  especial  manner  a  ready  outlet  a  removing  such  lads  from  the  influence  of  their  old  haul  l STYLE=superscript  and  associates."
