text
"STEAM  COMMUNICATION  BETWEEN  LIVERPOOL  AND  GLASGOW.  Unless  preventedby  anyunforeseenoccurrence,theunder-notedor  other  Steamers  are  intended  to  sail,  (with  or  withoul  Pilots)  between  Liverpooland  Glasgow  ,with  Goodsand  Passengers,as  uneer  ~„,  LYNX  I  P  '  `  i  ZEB  fi  RA(charteredtoGovernme  n  t)C  a  pt  a  in  sx  - STYLE=superscript  ra  i  s  PANTHER  (now  building)  Captain  MAIN  i.  &amp;lb-  FROM  LIVERPOOL.  I.^.=  1.... STYLE=superscript  -  JANUARY.  _...  .  LYNX  LYNX_  LYNX.  LYNX  LYNX  LYNX.  LYNX  _  .  Tuesday  FEBRUARY.  ..  Saturday.  ..  Thursday  ..'t  uesday  .  ..Saturday.  ..  Thursday  ..  Tuesday  ,  29,  at  3  Afternoon  2,  at  6  Evening  7.  at  11  Morning  .12.  at  '2  Afternoon  16,  at  f  Evening  21,  at  11  Morning  26,  at  1  Afternoon  L  ys  .......  Saturday  l,  at  4  Afternooi  N.H.—Goods  for  shipment,  at  both  Glasgow  and  Liverpool,  must  be  alongside  the  vessel  one  hour  before  appointed  time  of  sailing.  Passenger,  arerequested  to  take  charge  of  theirown  Luggage,as  the  Ship  is  not  tesponsiblein  any  way  foritssafety.  Carriages  ,and  allkinds  of  VehlelesshippeCqt:  heirProprietore  risk.  The  owners  of  these  vessels  are  not  responsibleforloss  or  Injury  to  Horses,  Cattle,  or  Live  Stock  of  any  kind  shipped  by  them.  Gunpowder  will  not  be  carried  by  these  vessels  on  any  terms;  and  Aquafortis,  Vitriol,  and  other  hazardous  articles  can  only  be  taken  by  special  agreement.  The  senders,  consignees,  and  owners  of  danger dangerous  ous dangerous  articles  are  responsible  under  all  circumstances  for  damage  occa occasioned  sioned occasioned  by  or  to  the  same.  The  contents  of  boxes  and  packages  containing  Liquids  must  be  specified  in  the  shipping-note  before  shipment.  Parcels  for  different  persons  made  up  in  single  packages  addressed  to  one  party  for  delivery,  will  be  charged  the  proper  freight  for  each  separate  parcel.  Freight  for  t  ox  and  hale  goods,  20s  per  ton  of  20  cwt.  Goods  from  Manchester  and  the  manufacturing  districts,  when  consigned  to  the  care  of  the  Company's  Agents,  158  per  ton.  .  -  Feurts—Cabin  (including  Steward's  Fee),lss;  Steerage,6s.  Servants  in  Cabin,  full  fare.  Apply  to  GEORGE  &amp;  JAMES  BURNS,  9,  Buchanan.street,  Glasgow,  ALEX.  M'CULLOCH,  enock.  JOHN  WALKER,  77A,  Market-street,  Manchester;  or  here  to  C.  MAC  IVEJ  &amp;  CO.,  18,  Water-street."
