text
"An  excellent  Dinner  SHERRY  at  28s.  per  dozen  TETLEY'S  EAST  INDIA  PALE  ALE.—  The  attention  of  Hotel  Keepers,  and  of  the  Trade  generally  in  L  i  verpool,  is  respectfully  invited  to  TETLEY'S  EAST  IJIA  PALS:  ALE,  which  has  established  a  first-rate  reputation  in  the  Metropolis,  and  will  be  found  to  compare  advantageously  both  in  quality  and  priel  with  the  finest  brands,  without  exception,  to  be  found  in  the  market.  Reference  is  requested  to  the  following  Extracts  from  Professor  11rus:4*att's  Work  on  Chemistry,  noticed  in  the  Glasgow  Herald,  August  25th,  1854  :  Chemistry,  Theoretical,  Practical,  and  Analytical,  as  applied  to  the  Arts  and  Manufactures.  By  Dr.  Aluspratt,  F.R.S.E  ,  M.R.I.A.  Parts  6to  9  inclusive.  Glasgow  :  William  Mackenzie.  The  following  extract  upon  a  popular  subject  may  be  interesting  to  our  readers  :  or  East  India  Ale  is  nothing  more  than  beer  made  from  worts  extracted  from  the  palest  malt  and  boiled  with  the  palest  and  best  hops.  Every  attention  is  given  to  the  selection  of  these  materials,  in  order  to  ensure  the  pale  colour  peculiar  to  this  ale.  only  localities  where  this  excellent  beverage  is  produced  In  I  .rge  quantities  sr:  Burton,  London,  Glasgow,  and  Leeds.  In  the  latter  place  a  very  lan  e  quantity  of  Pale  Ale  has  for  some  years  been  brewed  by  Messrs.  Tetley  and  Son.  The  recular  excelence  of  the  ales  of  the  Messrs.  Tetley,  like  those  of  Burton—both  of  the  lat  er  of  which  were  analysed  by  the  editor.  as  also:  the  waters  used  in  their  preparation—is  their  remarkable  keeping  quality,  and  their  retention  of  that  deli delicare  care delicare  flavour,of  the  hops,  so  often  lost  by  the  pale  ale  brewer,  not..  withstanding  his  u  , STYLE=superscript  most  efforts  to  secure  it.  This,  of  course,  arises  from  the  near  approach  made  in  their  practice  to  the  theory,  that  a  low  fermenting  heat  can  tame  preserve  the  beer  from  the  simul.  taneous  formation  of  the  acetic  acid  with  the  a'cohol,  and  their  recognition  of  the  fact  that  72.  F,hr.  is  the  highest  degree  of  heat  that  can  be  depended  upon.  Brewing,  it  is  well  known,  has  been  long  carried  on  in  Bavaria  on  these  principles;  but  hitherto  there  has  existed  an  insuperable  objection  to  their  adoption  by  the  more  extensive  firms  of  this  country,  on  account  of  the  great  length  of  time  required  for  perfect  attenuation.  This  difficulty,  however,  would  appear  to  be  at  length  ovi-rcome,  the  fermentations  being  now  finished  in  as  short  a  time  as  by  the  old  mod  :  the  hop  flavour  s  also  preserved,  end  indeed  it  may  be  safely  asserted  that  its  deli delicate  cate delicate  aroma  is  never  more  surely  destroyed  than  by  high  and  tut  . STYLE=superscript  .  bulent  fermentation.  This  new  process  of  brewing  pale  ale  has  also  the  advantage  of  affording  greater  pu  ity  of  fragrance,  it  being  well  known  that  the  dissolution  of  balm  by  alcohol,  the  result  of  which  may  often  be  detected  by  the  yeasty  flavour  of  the  ale,  is  much  accelerated  by  high  temperatures.  Good  water,  as  previously  stated,  is  indispen indispensable  sable indispensable  in  a  brewery,  for  sound  ale  cannot  be  brewed  with  water  not  adapted  for  the  purpose.  The  water  at  the  brewery  of  Blessrs.  Tetley  is  similar  in  constitution  to  the  Burton  water.  as  will  be  seen  on  reference  t,  the  analysis  of  it,  by  the  editor,  at  page  The  fact  of  these  Ales  successfully  competing  with  the  vet  y  finest  brands  may  be  substantiated  by  reference  to  the  number  of  first-class  hot  Fes  in  London,  to  which  it  is  supplied.  A  list  of  them  will  be  furnished,  on  application  to  the  Liverpool  agent,  of  whom  a  list  can  also  be  procured  of  the  leading  houses  in  the  provinces,  where  Tetley's  Pale  Ale  may  be  obtained,  either  in  bottle  or  in  draught  The  Brewery,  Leeds.  LIST  OF  STORES.  LONDON  ..  Upper  Thames-street  DUBLIN  ...............6  0 STYLE=superscript  ,  Middle  Abberbtreet  110HIC  Swinegate  MANCHESTER  BIRMINGHAM  —LIVERPOOL  :9,  B  lackfriars,  CLstle-itreei  r STYLE=superscript  Exchange-street  West  SOLE  POOL,  MR.  W.  W.  D  AGENT STYLE=superscript  O  IN STYLE=superscript  R  LIVER STYLE=superscript  RINGTON  26,  NORTH  JOHN-STREET.  rp  H  0  s.  I  SILVERSMITH  &amp;  JEW  ISM  0  R  ELLER  To  THE  QUEEN.  CORNER  OF  BOLD.STRE  T,  LIVERPOOL  The  best  made  London  Goldsrniths'-hall  marked  S  I  LVF.It  SPOONS  and  FORKS  of  the  usual  strength,  weigh  as  follows,  but  they  may  be  had  lighter  or  heavies*  -•  orice  per  ounce  :--  nussies  'PATTERN.  0  0  a  a  t  t  7  7:  4  4  ,  d  t.  ...  8 STYLE=superscript  0  0  . STYLE=superscript  o  d STYLE=superscript  o  4  4  ° STYLE=superscript  0  0%1  ' STYLE=superscript  4711  6  6  d  d  :  5 STYLE=superscript  0  c  :  t  o  io  at  7s  4d..  7  6 STYLE=superscript  8 STYLE=superscript  25 STYLE=superscript  at STYLE=superscript  78 STYLE=superscript  6 STYLE=superscript  d..  9  7  6  `2A  at  7s  4d..  7  6  8  25  at  7i  6d..  9  7  6  10  at  78  10d.•  :4  18  4  12  at  8s  Od..  416  0  4  4  g:  1  3  1  1  6  3  8  4  1  a  a  t  t  7  7:  6  6  d  d  ..  2  4  2  s  0  6  2i  at  7n  •0  19 STYLE=superscript  7  3at  e  - STYLE=superscript  fod...  14  0  9 STYLE=superscript  16 STYLE=superscript  0 STYLE=superscript  ....  1  5  0  .  0  10  0  per  ounce  for  drawback  is  deducted"
