text
"A  LIVERPOOL  CORRESPONDENT  LANDING  TRANSPORT  CORPS,  Balaklava,  Dec.  5,  1855  Military  discipline  is  waking  up  mantle  of  the  Iron  Duke  has  fallen  at  last  on  the  shoulders  of  one  who  wears  it  imperiously,  and  courts  martial  are  the  order  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  day.  Only  fancy  that  I,  who  was  generally  considered  a  de  cent  sort  of'  fellow  at  home,  handy  at  able  to  wield  a  sledge  hammer,  or  a  lady's  pen  without  flinching,  and  , STYLE=superscript  to  give  a  stave  of  Ruh  or  The  like  a  man  boldly  and  fervently,  a  la  Braham  I,  your  present  correspondent,  have  actually  been  twice  tried  by  (what  sounds  most  awful  to  many)  a  court  martial;  and  you  may  desire  to  know  how  such  a  disgrace  could  fall  upon  me.  Listen,  then,  to  my  plain  and  tale.  In  my  last  I  told  you  I  was  appointed  to  official  railway  duties,  and  was  commissioned  to  deliver  corn  and  provender  to  the  stables  for  the  use  of  the  mules  spoken  of  in  my  last  letter.  Well,  one  day  I  landed  grain  at  Balaklava,  which,  by  some  magician's  wand,  was  found  to  be  partly  oats,  when  it  should  have  been  anything  all  barley,  and  I  was  further  charged  with  of  duty  not  taking  a  receipt  for  it.  On  a  fair  and  impartial  investigation  of  the  Barley  I  was  found  guilty  on  the  Receipt  guilty,  but  no  punishment  was  awarded  on  account  of  previous  good  conduct.  So  you  see  after  all  there  is  nothing  like  keeping  a  good  cha character  racter character  to  help  out  any  unfortunate  wight,  whom  malice,  or  offended  dignity,  might  consign  to  the  halberds.  I  am  considered  by  my  comrades  to  have  been  a  fortunate  fellow  in  coming'  off  Scot 'Scotfree,'  as  my  Captain  is  a  most  severe  man,  and  very  much  disliked  in  the  regiment,  and  had  he  not  left  the  30th  double  quick  time  it  was  not  improbable  he  might  have  lain  like  a  warrior  taking  his  (final)  with  a  bullet  wound  about  him;  but,  discretion  being  the  better  part  of  he  saved  his  bacon,  by  his  mahogany  The  termination  of  the  above  cases  not  being  ,uite  to  my  Captain's  taste,  in  the  course  of  a  week  after,  that  valiant  son  of  Mars  sent  me  again  before  a  court-martial  because  I  did  not  hear  a  noise  in  our  hut  when  I  was  and  also  charging  me  with  insolence  to  the  Sergeant-major  and  himself,  in  claiming  the  right  to  be  brought  up  in  the  morn 'morning,'  instead  of  being  kept  a  close  prisoner  in  the  hut,  as  before,  for  three  days.  I  was  again  heard  most  patiently,  and  with  the  characteristic  fair  play  that  ever  distinguished  a  British  court  of  justice,  I  was  nominally  fined,  and  my  pay  reduced  sixpence  a  day.  It  must  be  understood  that  discipline  exacts  a  sentence,  often  unjust  in  itself,  but  still  necessary  to  uphold  the  authority  of  our  superior  officers—and  I  shall  ever  remember,  with  lively  gratitude,  the  considerate  kindness  shewn  to  me  on  these  occasions.  The  name  of  my  prosecutor  may  not  interest  you,  but  it  is  a  pity  not  to  men mention  tion mention  the  initials,  in  case  any  stray  friends  may  recognise  the  portrait  of  Captain  P  in  any  remarks  on  the  39th.  He  is  facetiously  known  out  here  as  The  from  his  stopping  the  men's  grog  or  bottles  whenever  he  could.  I  must  draw  my  narrative  to  a  close  till  the  next  mail,  when  I  may  entertain  you  with  some  sketches  of  daily  incidents  in  camp  lif  e.  G.  A.  N.  A  FORTUNATE  SON  OF  MARS.  —A  private  soldier  named  Benjamin  Shaw,  belonging  to  the  2nd  (Queen's  Own)  Regiment,  at  present  stationed  in  Mallow  barracks,  re received  ceived received  a  letter  on  Friday,  announcing  that  he  had  been  left  five  hundred  pounds  a-year  by  an  uncle,  who  died  in  England  last  September.  Shaw  is  represented  to  be  a  very  steady,  correct  fellow,  and  is  quite  a  young  man.  Ho  declares  that  his  good  fortune  will  not  induce  him  to  relinquish  the  trade  of  as  he  would  immediately  get  his  name  on  the  list  at  the  Horse-guards  to  purchase  a  commission.  DISSOLUTIONS  OF  PARTNERSHIP.—T.  Crawshaw,  M.  Ro Robinson,  binson, Robinson,  and  T.  Holgate,  Old  Accrington,  Lancashire,  blacksmiths,  so  far  as  regards  T.  Holgate  ;  T.  Clifford  and  J.  Gorton.  Tong-with-Hanlgh,  Lancashire,  soda  water  manufacturers  ;  J.  Jones,  B.  Sproule,  T  .  G  reen,  W.  Tay Taylor.  lor. Taylor.  T.  Bold,  a  n  d  J  .  Phillips,  Liverpool,  ship  bread  bakers  ;  J.  Jones,  B.  Sproule,  T.  Green,  W.  Taylor,  and  T.  Bold,  Liverpool,  provision  merchants;  G.  Okell  and  J.  Kendal,  Afanchester,  stuff  merchants;  W.  Brown  and  E.  Walker,  Birstal,  Yorkshire,  painters;  J.  Curtis  and  J.  Richardson,  Leeds,  upholsterers  ;  W.  Horton,  and  S.  C.  Silyerwood,  Sheffield,  manufacturers  of  skates  ;  T.  C.  Hounsell,  W.  Hounsell,  and  W.  Schenk,  St.  John's,  Newfoundland,  merchants  ;  T.  Routlidge  and  T.  B.  Routlidge,  Pontefract,  Yorkshire,  drapers;  C.  Ullathorne  ani  G.  T.  Stewart,  Liverpool,  drapers.  THE  MURDER  OF  ROBERT  STIRLING,  ESQ.—On  Tuesday  morning,  information  was  received  at  the  chief  police policeoffice,  office, policeoffice,  London,  which  may  facilitate  the  apprehension  of  the  persons  concerned  in  this  atrocious  murder.  It  will  be  remembered  that  amongst  the  articles  taken  from  the  person  of  the  deceased  was  a  silver  engine  -turned  watch.  It  being  suspected  that  the  watch  is  in  the  possession  of  an  unlicensed  pawnbroker  (dolly  -shop  keeper),  her  Majesty's  Secretary  of  State  has  engaged  to  remit  the  penalty,  and  advise  the  grant  of  her  Majesty's  pardon  to  any  unlicensed  pawnbroker  or  other  person,  who  may  have  taken  the  watch  in  pledge  or  purchased  it,  not  being  the  actual  perpetrator  of  the  murder,  provided  he  or  she  pro produce  duce produce  it  promptly,  and  give  evidence  as  to  the  person  from  whom  it  was  received,  and  a  reward  of  .£5O  will  be  paid  on  its  production.  This  is  independent  of  any  claim  the  person  may  have  to  the  whole  or  a  portion  of  the  large  reward  of  £5OO  already  offered,  and  to  be  paid  to  any  person  or  persons  who  may  he  instrumental  in  obtaining  the  conviction  of  the  murderer  or  murderers.  FATAL  CARRIAGE  ACCIDENT.—OR  Tuesday,  as  Miss  Parnell,  the  daughter  of  Mr.  Hugh  Parnell,  solicitor,  of  - STYLE=superscript  Upper  Clapton,  and  New  Broad-street,  City,,  was  proceed proceeding  ing proceeding  in  her  father's  carriage  along  Baker-street,  at  the  back  of  the  Royal  Free  Hospital,  Gray's  Inn-road,  the  whole  of  the  coachman's  seat,  together  with  the  footboard,  suddenly  gave  way,  and  fell  forw  ar  d  on  th  e  h  aunc  h  es  of  the  horses.  George  Jacobs,  the  coachman,  and  a  footman,  were  on  the  box,  and  falling  therewith,  were  unable  to  extricate  them themselves.  selves. themselves.  The  horses  becoming  frightened,  started  forward  at  a  wild  gallop  into  the  Bagnigge-wells-road,  until  they  arrived  close  to  the  House  of  Correction,  when,  turning  off  on  to  the  pavement,  the  animals  dashed  headlong  into  a  shoemaker's  shop.  Fortunately,  the  occupant  of  the  shop  had  time  to  escape  by  a  back  door  at  the  instant,  or  his  death  must  have  been  inevitable.  The  horses  and  carriage  were  instantly  overturned,  Miss  Parnell  thrown  forward  with  great  violence,  her  head  going  through  the  front  window  of  the  carriage,  the  glass  cutting  her  face  in  a  fear fearful  ful fearful  manner.  The  coachman  and  footman  were  entangled  beneath  the  vehicle  and  horses.  The  latter  becoming  doubly  furious  at  the  impediment  they  had  met  with,  plunged  in  a  frightful  manner,  and  the  unfortunate  men  for  several  minutes  lay  directly  bent.,th  the  animals'  hoofs.  Assistance  having  arrived,  the  sufferers  were  quickly  extricated,  and  the  horses  set  at  liberty.  Miss  Parnell,  who  was  bleeding  pro.  fusely  from  several  severe  wounds  about  her  head  and  face,  was  removed  to  her  father's  residence,  at  Upper  Clapton.  The  coachman  was  most  dreadfully  injured  ;  he  was  removed  to  the  Royal  Free  Hospital,  where  he  expired  soon  afterwards.  The  footman  was  not  so  severely  injured.  The  shoemaker's  shop  is  a  low  small  domicile,  built  in  an  old oldfashioned  fashioned oldfashioned  style,  several  feet  below  tke  pavement,  DISCIPLINE  IN  THE  CRIMEA.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES.  Sir,—Please  to  insert  the  accompanying  second  letter  from  Balaklava—the  first  having  given  much  satisfaction  to  several  of  your  readers.  The  present  will  bear  out  the  conclusion,  that,  however,  inert  and  relaxed  the  camp  discipline  was,  on  our  first  landing  in  the  Crimea,  the  present  rigid  court courtmartials  martials courtmartials  will  satisfy  Bull  that  the  Land  Transport  Corps  earn  their  pay  before  they  get  it.  Genuine  letters  from  the  seat  of  war  convey  a  more  correct  panorama  of  passing  events  than  any  for formal  mal formal  official  communication.—l  am,  sir,  yours,  &amp;c..  Your  letters  and  newspapers  are  received  very  regularly,  and  they  tell  us  more  about  the  war  than  we  know,  who  are  here  in  the  midst  of  it,  and  the  honours  accorded  as  paid  to  our  Generals,  are  more  imaginative  than  true.  We  pass  heroes  here  with  as  little  ceremony  as  a  commoner  in  London  ;  and,  if  we  are7not  thought  to  be  a  band  of  equal  to  any  of  the  Spartans  of  old,  all  I  can  say  is,  let  some  of  the  Cobden  come  out  here  for  one  campaign  only,  and  see  a  little  real  life  in  the  Crimea."
