text
"HOLIDAY  NOTICE,  MIS  DAT  (Friday);  the  30th  instant,  there  will  be  a  GRAND  PAY  PERFORMANCE.  Doors  open  at  One,  commence  at  Two.  Tats  Evarrtnia  (Friday),  30th  instant,  and  following  Evenints,  the  Entertainments  wi  l  commence  with,  for  the  Sixth  Time  in  England.-  It  011  ROY!  produced  by  Mr.  Peblo  Perique  as  an  EQUESTRIAN  SPECTACLE!  with  new  Scenes  and  lnciuents  introduced  from  the  Novel.  In  order  to  pronuce  the  Celebrated  Drama  in  its  new  form  in  the  most  creditable  manner  possible,  Pablo  Fanque  has  engaged,  at  a  considerable  expense,  the  valuable  services  of  MR.  GOURLAY.  the  Acknowledged  Successor  of  MR.  MACKAY,  for  the  representation  of  Scotch  Character,  and  who  will  make  his  Sixth  appearance  in  Liverpool,  This  Evening.  in  the  arduous  character  of  BAILIE  NICOL  JARVlE.—Several  of  the  roost  popular  members  of  the  Metropolitan  Theatres  are  engaged,  among  whom  will  he  found  Mr.  Rayner,  Mr.  T.  Kirk,  Mr.  Birken Birkenheft;  heft; Birkenheft;  Idr.  Cooper,  Mrs.  Raymond,  Miss  Hodson,  the  popular  vocalise,  and  various  others.  Rob  Roy  has  been  pronounced  by  the  Press  of  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow  neva  to  have  been  correctly  produced  until  brought  forth  by  Mr.  Pablo  Fanque  with  his  celebrated  horses.  In  consequence  of  the  extreme  length  of  the  Evening  Performances,  the  Doors  will  Open  at  a  quarter  past  Six,  and  commence  at  Seven.  Admission:  Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  2s.  ed.  •  Pit,  In.  6d.;  Gallery,  ed.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  2 STYLE=superscript  s.  •  Side  Boxes.  Is.;  Pit,  Is.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery;  second  price  to  Boxes  and  Pit  at  nine  o'clock.  ROYAL  ADELPHI  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington.  Tutu  EV*IIINGI  (Friday),  the  80th  Instant,  the  Performances  to  commence  with  Mr.  Courtney's  celebrated  Drama,  entitled  'l`  H  E  HEART  TEST  !  The  Principal  characters  by  Messrs.  Hill,  Hastings,  Irckscn,  Mesdames  Oliver,  Peel,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  After  which,  the  Interlnde  of  THE  HOLE  IN  THE  WLL  To  conclude  with  an  entirely  New,  Grand,  Gorgeous,  Glittering,  Historical,  Comic  Pantomime,  entitled  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS  I  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  SINBAD  THE  SAILOR,  alio  TILS  FAIRY  as  CORAL  GROT  (written  expressly  for  this  Establishment,  by  Mr.  John  Courtney,  author  of  Time  Tries  Tricks  and  &amp;C.,)  which  has  been  in  preparation  for  the  last  three  months,  ulth  new  end  magnificent  scenery,  costumes,  and  appointments.  Sin  bad  the  Sailor,  Miss  Carre,  from  the  Theatre  Royal.  Haymarket.  Nautita,  Miss  M.  A.  Egan.  Harlequin,  Mr.  C.  Brown.  Pantaloon,  Mr.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesale.  Sprite,  Signor  Sylvani.—Dress  Boxes,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.  6d.;  Stalls,  Is.  Pit  6d.;  Gallery,  3d.  Tomorrow—RlCHAßD  THE  THIRD.  On  Monday—A  NEW  DRAMA.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE  Parliament-Street,  near  St,  James's  Market.  ear  GLORIOUS'StICCESS  OF  THE  COMIC  PAN  I'OMIME.  Tais  Evitiszsro  (Friday),  30th  instant,  the  Performances  will  commence  with  the  beautiful  Drama  of  ELLEN  WAREHAM  !  To  conclude  with  (fifth  time)  the  New  Magniloquently  Grand,  Comical,  Local,  Operatical,  Caballsticat,  and  Anachrouismatical  CMRISTMAS  PANTOMIME,  entitIed,ORBISHEADTse  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  &amp;  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON,  Written  expteasly  for  this  theatre  by  the  author  of  Siege  of  &amp;c.,  with  new  and  beauti beautiful  ful beautiful  scenery,  by  Mr.'  John  Wright,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre,  Mr.  Liver,  and  assistants;  properties  by  Mr.  Barnes;  Music,  composed  by.  Mr.  Hoot:  Machinery,  by  Mr.  Jackson;  dresses  by  Mr.  West  and  assistants;  and  the  whole  produced  under  the  Immediate  superintendence  of  the  Lessee,  air.  R.  Edgar.  Snowdrop,  the  Fair  Flower  of  Snowdon,  with  a  few  airs  which  the  author  has  thrust  upon  her.  Miss  Marriott  ;  Lushiane,  a  doubtful  specimen'of  a  Fairy,  afterwards  Clown.  Mr,  J.  Appleby  ;  Davydd  Jones,  an  ancient  Briton,  Mr.  Wilraore,  afterwards  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane  ;  Edward  Morgan,  with  a  terrific  com 'combat,'  Mr.  S.  Lennox,  afterwards  Harlequin,  Signor  Guarrino,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre;  Jenny  Jones,  the  Flower  of  North  Wales,  Mrs.  J.  Appleby.  afterwards  Columbine,  Mad'ile  Rost,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Edinburgh;  Sprite,  Signor  Vilderiai,  the  wonderful  toetortionist  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane.  The  remainder  of  the  characters  by  the  entire  Dramatic  and  Pantomimic  artistes  attached  to  the  establishment,  forming  the  most  complete  and  owerful  cast  ever  submitted.  to  the  puldic  of  Liverpool.—  Doors  open  at  half  past  six,  to  commence  at  seven  o'clock  pre precisely.  cisely. precisely.  Prices  of  admission.—Dress  Boxes.  3e.;  Front  Boxes,  21.  Pit,  Is.;  Gallery,  6d,  Half-price  to  the  Boxes  at  Nine  o'clock.  Books  of  the  Pantomime  may  be  obtained  at  the  Theatre.  GAME  PIES  I.  GAME  PIES  !—The  Celebrated  Yorkshire  Game  Pies  !—The  greatest  Treat  of  the  lesson  for  Christmas  . STYLE=superscript  Parties.  Suitable  for  Ladies,  ati  well  as  .Epicure.,  and  everybody  else.  Made  only  by  W.  LAwTeN,  Tian  IlorsL,  Queen-square—who  contracts  for  Public  Balls,  Suppers,and  other  large  Entertainments—where  will  be  found  ood  Beds,  Good  Viands,  Good  Wines,  &amp;C.  THE  NEW  YEAR!  A  BARON  OF  BEEF  WILL  BE  ROASTED  L STYLE=superscript  AT  THE  MANSION-HOUSE  HOTEL,  11,  DRiEY-LANE,  ON  THE'  2ND  OF  J'ANUARY.  niGn  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  Taw  Des—Morning,  11h.  0m....  Afternoon,  11h.  28m.  FRIDAY,.DECE4BER  .  30;  1853  TuE  extraordinary  mortality  which  has  occurred  on  board  thoSe  .  emigrant  ships  whiCh  left  Liverpool  .  and  other  English  ports  for  the  United  States,  and  arrived  'at  their  destination  during  the  month  of  November,  has  created  no  small  degree  of  excitement,  both  on  this  and  the  other  \  s  .  i1.19,1f-itltp:#4lantic,  •  'Various  causes,  have  'fel:  tin:awful  calamity—Some  affirm affirming  ing affirming  t,ii'atiXis  oving.4  ,- STYLE=superscript  ?Ae  cupidity  of  ship-owners,  th  tiadittr,43  and  i,;c;'  Y  o  f  provisions,  and  'the,  dtley  of  Vetito4lsl--,  Others  again  *attribute,  4  5.  th:tilt'  -eful  evil  4,4  . STYLE=superscript  30..:•.e.  diametrically  opposite,  aneasSert  that  thO  filtlit  habits  of  the  emigrants  theilisel9C4inAßatititeasure  tend  to  produce  c9,n c9,n-tagion,  tagion, c9,n-tagion,  cholOribsinap  r STYLE=superscript  aailit  ,  With  the  latter,  view  we  entirely  concur;  , STYLE=superscript  and  our  readers  will  remember  that  we  have  lately  endeayckured  to,-sul*tantiate  it  , STYLE=superscript  and  to  free  ship-owners,  and  others  directly  con connected  nected connected  with  the  ethigration  movement,  from  unjust  and;  as  we  consider  unmerited  censure.  We.  have  been,induced  to  `take  up  this  melan melancholy  choly melancholy  - STYLE=superscript  subject  in  consequence  of  a  leading  article  which  appeared  in  the  Times  of  Tuesday  last,  ..wherein  the.  onus  .is  cast  upon  ,those  very  parties  whom  we  regard  as  having  neither  hand,  act,  nor  part  in  the  matter.  And  certainly,  the  Thunderer  should  have  looked  before  he  leaped,  and  not  have  so  recklessly  rushed  to  a  conclusion,  which  seriously  reflected  upon  the  humanity,  morality,  and  Chris Christianity  tianity Christianity  of  some  of  the  most.  distinguished  'indivi 'individuals  duals 'individuals  in  this  and  other  seaport  towns,  whose  charac characters  ters characters  •  for  benevolence,  philanthropy,  and  conscien•  tiousness  stand  unrivalled,  and  can  no  more  be  dis disputed  puted disputed  than  that  of  the  Times  editor  himself.  We  can  easily  conceive  how  his  feelings  were  wrought  upon  to  a  high  degree  of  tension  after  perusing  the  complaining  scrawls  of  a  few  captious,  querulous,  petulant  emigrants,  who,,  at  the  best  of  times,  are  no  novices  at  fault-finding,  and  who_would  be  sure  to  discover  causes  of  complaint,  even  if_  they  had  been'  furnished  with  a-  passage  at  one  quarter  the  cost,  and  had  double  the  accommodation:  They  complain  of  the  scantiness  and  badness  of  provisions  !  Poor  n;retehes!  many  of  whom  came  •  from  that  country,  •  where,  as  CARLTON  says,  starvation  is  a  diversion  and  who  'seldom  have  enjoyed  a  dinner  half  so  substan  tial  or  wholesome  as  that  which  is  served  on  board  ship..  Wrought  upon  by  the  doleful  tales  of  a  few  emigrants  who  wrote  from  -New  York,  the  ,  Times  jumps  at  once  to  a  conclusion  which  certainly  re-,  fleets  little  credit,  upon  its  - STYLE=superscript  discriminativness  and  _still  less  upon  its  judgment.  All  connected  with  Emigration  vessels—owners,  agents,  officers--all  come  Within  its  sweeping  denunciation.  Hear,  0  reader  !  the  intellectual  AUTOCRAT  of  Printing-house  . STYLE=superscript  Square  There  is  a  disgusting  and  repulsive  :  in-the  process  by  which  sordid  and.  avarice  extracts  its  booty  from  helplessi  and  ignorance.  The  emigrant_  is  shown;  a  berth,  a  shelf  of  coarse  ,  pinewood,  situated  a  noisome  dungeon,  airless  and  lightless,  ini  several  hundred  persons  of  both  sexes  and  all  ages  are  stowed  away  on  shelves  two  feet  one  above  the  other,  three  feet  Wide,  and  six  feet  ,  long,  still  reeking  from  the  ineradicable  stench  left  by  the  emigrants  of  the  last  voyage,  which  no  ,  fumigation  can  remove,  no  perfume  overcome.  Still  he  dreams  that  this  plank,  which  he  has  bought  and  paid.  for,  is  his  own  ;  .and  only  finds,  thd  anchor  is  up  and  complaint  unavailing,  he  must  share  his  six  feet  by  three  with  an  bedfellow.  He  finds  that  cleanliness'  is  impossible,  that  no  attempt  is  made  to  purify  the  reeking  den  into  which  he  has  been  thrust,  and•that  the  thirty  days'  voyage  which  he  was  will.not,  from  the  rottenness  of  the  rig rigging  ging rigging  and  the  of  the  hull,  be  COM COM•  • COM•  pletßd  in'less  than  sixty.  He  is  lucky,  indeed,  if  the  provisions  correspond  to  sample,  if  the,  water  , STYLE=superscript  be  served  out  according  to  contract,  or  if  he  can  prevail  upon  the  cook,  selected  from  among  the  &#34;'emigrants,  to  dress  his  meals  in  such  a  shape  that  he  can  eat  them  without  mortal  We  say  that  this  is  a  inost  unjust  and  unjustifiableattack.  We  Are  - STYLE=superscript  always  as  ready  as  the  Times  to  advocate  .the  cause  of  the  destitute  and  oppressed  ;  but  we  are  cautious  in  laying  undeserved  accusa accusations  tions accusations  at  the  rich  man's  door.  We  remind  himnf  his  duties—we  inform  him  of  his  obligations—but  . STYLE=superscript  we  dare  not  visit  hith  with  unmerited  censure.  Emigration  is  and  ever  will  be  attended  with  disadvantages.  Emigrants  cannot  cross  the  ocean  in  a  railway  carriage.  Ships  must  convey  them  to  other  lands.  Few  that  enjoy  comforts  at  home  will  seek  a  livelihood  abroad.  And  most  emigrants  have  been  accustomed  to  long  and  bitter  privations.  NOw.  those  who  .  pay  21.  10s.  or  31.  for  a  passage,  to  New  York  cannot  expect  a  state  apartment  on  board.  •  Nor  can  ship-owners  afford  to  convey  emigrants  at  that  low  price  if  there  be  not  a  great  number  of  them.  Hence  all  they,  can  expect  is  a  space  sufficient  for  health,  which  we  maintain  most  emigrant  ships  afford  that  leave  -our  port.  No  sordid  and  heartless  avarice  extracts  its  booty  from  helpless  poverty  and  If  delays  occur,  they  .  cannot  be  avoided.  Ships  are  completely  under  the  control  of  the  elements.  And  if  by  reason  of  contrary  winds  an  emigrant  ship  be  detained  on  her  passage,  why  the  loss  extends  to  the  owner  and  not  so  much  to  the  emigrant..  The  Times  says  that  thirty  days'  will  not,  from  the  rottenness  of  the  rigging  and  the  unsoundness  of  the  hull  be  completed  in  less  than  Now  we  have  before  us  the  list  of  fifteen  vessels  that  left  this  port  during  the  months  of  .  September  and  October,  the  majority  of  which  performed  their  voyage  to  New  York  within  forty  days—the  Calhoun  accomplishing  it  in  twenty twentynine;  nine; twentynine;  the  Hibernia  in  thirty,  the  New  World  in  thirty-four,  and  the  Fidelia  in  thirty-one  days;  the  longest  voyages  being  made  by  the  Forest  King  and  the  arathon,  extending  respectively  to  forty-eight  and  fifty-days.  Out  of  the  eight-and eight-andtwenty  twenty eight-andtwenty  emigrant  vessels  that  left  the  English  and  Continental  ports  for  New  York  immediately  pre preceding  ceding preceding  the  month  of  November,  the  longest  passage  was  that  performed  by  the  Corinthian  from  Havre,  and  the  Marathon  from  Liverpool,  viz.  fifty  days.  The  Times  has  indeed  been  employing  the  decimal  System  with  a  vengeance  !  •  That  the  fruitful  sources  of  pestilential  nuisance  and  dreaded  cholera  do  not  arise  from  the  noisome  dungeon,  airless  and  as  the  London  oracle  describes  the  between  of  a_  ship,  is  clear  even  upon  its  own  testimony,  independent  of-the  arguments  we  can  adduce  frOm  other  sources.  The  Times  speaks  of  the  com comparative  parative comparative  immunity  of  Australian  emigration,  and  alludes  to  the  . STYLE=superscript  Universe  which  conveyed  large  num numbers  bers numbers  _of_emigrants  from  our  own  port  to  the  New  World  in  perfect  health  and  comfort,  obsery  ing  that  these  ships,  the  personal  cleanliness  of  the  emigrant  is  strictly  enforced  ;  their  dor 'dor'  mitories  are  cleaned  out  every  day,  their  food  and  eomfort  is  strictly  attended  to,  and  they,  are  encouraged,  WI  even  compelled  to  take  exercise.  and  inhale  fresh  air  We  thank  the  Times  for  that  - STYLE=superscript  W  . STYLE=superscript  OM'  eamt)elled  'lt  speaks  voltirnes  as  to  the  sanitary  habits  of  the  emigrant,  and  tacitly  and  by  implication  corroborates  all  we  have-previously  said'  the  subject.  However,  as  our  space  for forbids  bids forbids  us  entering  any  further  into  the  real  causes  of  the  calamity  at  the  present,  we  shall  resume  the  subject  to  morrow;  and  proVe  from  the  diaries  of  the  'physicians  of  ernigrantShipS,  and  the  testimony  of  American  journalists,  that  the  Times  has  been  wrong  in  its  deductions,  and  that  neither  ill-venti ill-ventilation;  lation; ill-ventilation;  dtbr:croNVding,  or  want  of  Proper-  and  sutli sutliciet  ciet sutliciet  food,  have  produced  ouch  excessive  mortality  as  we  mutually  deplore.  MINISTERIAL  follies  are  matters  with  which  we  deal  without  mercy.  And  we  care  as  little  for  the  unites  of  ministry  as  we  do  for  the  individual  frac fractions  tions fractions  of  the  great  masses  moving  around  us.  We  warmly  and  hopefully  regard  all  ;  but  we  do  not  deify  any  man  or  bet  of  men.  The  Press,  indeed  , STYLE=superscript  has  a  higher  —a  more  glorious  mission  in  'hand'  .  As  - STYLE=superscript  the  bumble.  sentinels  on  the  watch-towers  of  au  ever  wayward  world,  we  have  industry  to  foster,  j.tiEitiee'  to.  up6ld:tvirtue  u)  exalt,  and  vice  and  hypocrisy  to  expose  to  the  world's  gaze:  We  may  fall  shortookthe  prompt  and  efficient  - STYLE=superscript  discharge  of  the  onerous  duties  we  .  have4alten  upon  ourselves,  but  still  the  spirit  shall  speak,  even  where  no  other  power  can  be  invoked.  In  measuring  distance-  with  the  hypocrite  or  slanderer  we  will  not  be  nice.  He  shall  have  his  own  space  ;  but,  like  other  blind  bats  that  venture  put,  by  day,  we  promise  him  a  place  in  our  collec collection,  tion, collection,  of  the  fossil  remains  of  men  and  things.  Still,  as  .  *.re  despise  cruelty,  the  trespassers  on  ,our  path  need  not  dread  the  torture  of  being  transfixed  by  a  pin,  or  consigned  to  a  lengthened  rest  in  the  glass  case.  Beauties  can  be  preserved  without  the  aid  of  brass  wire  orerystal  boxes.  Per  example,  when  the  French  contemplated  a  movemeiat  . STYLE=superscript  which  was  likely  to  produce  pain  in  the  breast  •of  their  adversary,  they  were  silent  ;  and  when  they  had  the  life  and  fortune  of  the  monarch  in  their  'lambi,  .they:  politely  saluted  'the  man  they  despised  and  abjured  as  .  a  king.  Their  barri barricades  cades barricades  were  raised  against  a  ministry,  -  and  - STYLE=superscript  not  against  the  man  whom  the  Collective  wis wisdom  dom wisdom  of  a  Cabinet  could  •  not  control.  We  are  strongly  opposed,  - STYLE=superscript  however,  to  that  order  of  news newspaper  paper newspaper  scribbling  which  •attempts  to  draw  a  high  moral  precept  from  mere  vulgar  traditions.  If  great  changes  are  to  be  undertaken,  we  ought,  as  a  practical  nation,  to  see  that  the  means  are  suited  to  the  end.  Flying  off  ,at.  ministerial  tar targents,  gents, targents,  or  following  the  steps  of  our  good  street  folk,  is  not  exactly  the  course  we  should  adopt  in  steer steering  ing steering  our  little  craft  through  the  mazes  of  political  life.  We'  . STYLE=superscript  would'  rather  follow  the  lamplighter  through  all  hiS  meanderings,  than  expose  our  ig ignorance,  norance, ignorance,  by  asking  the  way  to  the  Palmerston  Billet;  or,  the  Albert  Arms,  through  the  Aberdeen  Tap,  or  the  Downing  street  Hypogeum.  Here  we  may  be.  wrong,  but  yet  we,  do  not  belong  to  . STYLE=superscript  the  circle  of  Political  drunkards.  Still  we  deal  heavily  with  the  spirit  of  the  times,  and  while  we  have  our  friends,  our.  foeS,  and  all  those  ties  which  bind  poli politicians  ticians politicians  to  life,  -we  neither  quarrel  in  our  cups,  nor  outrage  public  decency  in  our  intoxication.  We  offer  this  as  a  preface  to  the  remarks  :  we  are  about  to  make  on  the  attack  which  has  I)een  made  on  Prince  ALBERT  by  our  London  cotemporaries.  The  Prince  Consort  is  simply  one  of  th6Se  children  of  fortune;  whose  good  luck-  might  be  surpassed  to-morrow  by  some  of  the  hurnbleSt  mortals  around  us,  but  while  he  has  used  fortune  as  a  friend,we  have  never  heard  until  'now  of  his  having  abused  the  stars  andjarters  which  distinguish  him  from  other  men.  The  London  Morning  Adtertiser,  however,  has  evidently  met  the  ghost  of  some  stunted  corporal  ,  who  has  poured  the  tale  of  some  stiff-necked  military  malcontent's.  horrors  into  the  Editorial  box  of  that  notable  • STYLE=superscript  journal.  But  we  beg  to  assure  the  organ  of  the  metropolitan  that  all  vows  made  in  wine,  :or  whis.  pered  _through  a  pair  of  grey-  7  -pesitively  grey— greymonsiaches,  monsiaches, greymonsiaches,  are  not  exactly  true.  And  to  the  sapient  correspondent  of  the  Daily  Ne=rs•we  would  recommend  the  study  of  that  spirit  .of  fair  play,  which  may  be  found  even  in  the  wild  democratic  scribes  who  direct  the  republican  press  of  the  United  States:  ,If  .Prince  ALBERT  were  in  the  of  the  free  his  acts  would  be  openly  can canvassed,  vassed, canvassed,  and  his  accusers  Would  be  named  as  openly  'as  their  imputations  were  made  We  should  have  no  anonymous  correspondents  making  charges  - STYLE=superscript  and  entering  into  a  discussion  of  great  national  importance,  involving  both  the  purity  of  the  Sovereign  power,  and  the  moral  properties  of  the  State.  They  would  not  use  a  Prince  to  screen  a  Mini Minister;  ster; Minister;  .nor  - STYLE=superscript  allow  a  Minister  to  compromise  the  State  to  screen  itself  from  the  force  of  untoward  appearances.  Impressed  with  the  moral  rectitude  and  political  honesty  of  this  ultra  democratic  spirit  of  the_  age,  if  we  knew  half  as  much  :Ls  our  cotem cotemporaries  poraries cotemporaries  and  their  corres  . STYLE=superscript  pondents  appear  to  know,  we  should  at  once  charge  facts,  -  and  stand  by  the  consequences  of—  sober  zeal  Of  age,  commenting  on  prodigious  Such  is  not  the  manner  in  which  the  London  journals  handle  their  cause;  and,  we  must  say,  that  if  their's  are  the  grounds  om  which  the  Liberal  journals  of  London  hope  to  carry  the  public  voice  with  them,—we  cannot  conceive  anything  more  dastardly  or  contemptible.  As  for  our ourselves,  selves, ourselves,  our  lot  has  been  cast  among  the  mines,  minerals,  spindles,  .and  cotton  bales  of  the  North,  and  magi  Cally  as  we  should  like  to  find  the  figures  of  Royalty  touching  upon  these  sensitive  com commodities,  modities, commodities,  still  we  should  be  ashamed  to  give  place  itl  our  columns  to  such  articles  as  our  readers  have  doubtlessly  seen  in.  the  pages  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  Advertiser  and  Daily  News.  They  are  not  only  worthy  of  perusal,  but  they  deserve  the  severest  reprobation  from  the  Liberal  party  in  England.  Such  advo advocates  cates advocates  do  immeasurable  mischief,  o  the  cause  with  which  they  identify  themselves,  and  no  time  ought  to  be  lost  in  giving  them  to  understand  that  they  have:failed  in  securing  the  sympathy  and  support  of  those  who  have  hitherto  sustained  them  in  the  position  they  hold.  The  Rev.  E.  Hartopp,  Cradock,  son  of  Sir  E.  C.  Ilartopp,  is  the  new  principal  of  Brasenose  college,  Oxford.  Secundus&#34;'  calls  the  attention  of  Sir  James  Graham  to  the  unprotected  state  of  the  Clyde.  The  bishop  of  Kilmore  in  Ireland,  Dr.  Leslie,  is  very  ill.  He  in  consecrated  in  1812.  DEATH  OF  RAriowirc.—General  RadOwitz  died  at  Berlin  on  Christmas-day,  at  noon.  His  death  was  tranquil,  and  without  pain.  A  Cabinet  Council  will  be  held  at  the  Foreign-office  to-day..  •  EASTERN  COUNTIES  AMALGAMATION.  —The  amalgama amalgamation  tion amalgamation  of  this  company's  system  with  that  of  the  Eastern  union  and  Norfolk  comes  into:  operation  on  Monday  next.  .  NEWPORT.  ABERGAVENNT,  AND  HERESFORD  •  E,AIWAY.  —Captain  Wynn,  the  government  inspector,  has  been  over  this  line,  and  reported  it  as  fit  for  publie  opening,  which  will  take  place  on  Monday.  ‘,  A  VEsszt  FOUNDERED,—By  the  arrival  of  the  Prince,  one  of  the  city  of  Dublin  company's  steamers,  from  Dublin  last  evening,  we  learn  that  a  three-masted  was  seen  to  founder:by  the  parties  on  board  the  Prince,  at  ten  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  about  20  miles  of  the  Irish  light.  The  quarter  boats  of  the  Prince  were  lowered  for  the  purpose  of  rendering  assistance  to  the  crew,  but  there  was  such  a  heavy  sea  running  at  the  time,  that  one  boat  was  swamped  and  the  other  stove  in,  consequently  no  insistence  could  be  rendered.  Six  of  the  crew  are  said  to  have  been  saved  from  the  sinking  ship  by  a  fishing  boat.  THE  BURIAL  SOCIETY.—Last  evening  a  meeting  was  an announced  nounced announced  to  to  take  place  at  the  Argyle  Rooms,  Newington,  to  transact  business  connected  with  this  society.  Long  before  the  time  for  holding  the  meeting  a  large  number  of  the  members  had  assembled,  but  were  refused  admittance.  This  was  the  cause  of  much  discontent  being  manifested,  and  a  large  body  of  police  had  to  be  in  attendance  to  preserve  order.  The  meeting  was  postponed,  it  being  stated  on  a  placard,  that  the  room  was  not  large  enough  to  hold  all  'those  who  kid  assembled,  _  _  NEXT  MONDAY  IN  MANCHEETEE.—New  Year's  day  ha  ing  an  annual  holiday  in  Manchester,  and  falling,  this  year  on  •Sunday,  the  holiday  will  be  kept  on  the  Monday.  The  municipll  offices  in  the  Town-halls  of  Manchester  and  Sal Salford  ford Salford  are  to  be  closed  during  the  whole  of  Monday,  as  are  some  of  the  large  warehouses  ;  and  the  banks  are  to  close  at  noon  on  that  day.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  CITY  OF  GLASGOW.—The  screw  steam steamship  ship steamship  City  of  Glasgow,  Captain  Wylie,  arrived  in  the  Mersey  yesterday,  from  Philadelphia,  after  a  rather  protracted  passage  of  19  days.  The  City  of  Glasgow  sailed  frimn  Philadelphia  on  the  10th  'instant,  and  encountered  strong  easterly  gales  during  nearly  the  whole  of  the  voyage.  When  three  days  out,  in  lat.  38  N.,  lon.  66  W.,  her  bowsprit  was  carried  away  in  a  heavy  sea.  The  City  of  Glasgow  had  a  fair  number  of  passengers,  and  bring....  about  £20,100  in  specie  on  freight  FURTHER  DETENTION  OF  TRH  BALTIC.-oWillg  to  the  thickness  of  the  fog  in  the  river  yesterday  morning,  the  United  States  mail  steam-ship  Baltic  failed  in  an  attempt  to  get  to  sea.  It  was  so  thick  when  she  got  below  the  Rock-lighthouse,  it  was  found  necessary  to  come  to  anchor.  The  , STYLE=superscript  Baltic  has  on  board  80  passengers,  a  full  cargo,  and  the  usual  mails.  She  proceeds  to  sea  as  soon  as  the  weather  clears.  HEALTH  COMMI7'TEE—YEsriiDA.ic:  Thenstial  weety  meeting  of  this  committee  was  held  on  yesterday,  Mr.  LANOSDALE,  in  the  chair.  Other  members  present—Messrs.  Beckwith,  Moss,  God Godfrey,  frey, Godfrey,  &#34;M'Nicoll,  Johnson,  Fleming,  Stewart,  Henderson,  Hodson,  Roberston  Gladstone,  and  Halhead.  Mr.  FRESH  reported  that  the  nuisance  complained  of  by  Mr.  Laird,  would  be  totally  removed  by  Mr.  Rose  in  a  month  or  six  weeks.  He  is  removing  the  heap  at  the  rate  of  200  ions  it  week.  °  t.  A  minute  WAS  made  to  the  effect  that  Mr.  Rose  should  be  required  to  have  the  heap  entirely  removed  by  the  20th  of  January.  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  reported  that  the  progressive  de decrease  crease decrease  of  the  temperature  has  been  accompanied,  as  in  the  previous  four  weeks,  with  a  corresponding  increase  in  the  mortality  from  diseases  of  the  lungs,  which,  as  well  as  the_  general  mortality  of  the  borough,  was  greater  during  last  week  than  in  any  week  of  the  ten  months  preceding.  The  deathsfrom  all  causes  were  262,  being  15  more  than  in  the  week  previous,  and  26  more  than  the  average  of  the  same•  week  of  the  preceding  six  years.  The  deaths  from  diseases  of  the  lungs,  were  129,  being  nearly  one  halfof  the  total  morta mortality,  lity, mortality,  and  more  than  in.  any  week  with  one  exception  of  the  six  previous  years.  The  deaths  from  other  diseases  were  55  above  the  average,  and  if  this  excess  were  deducted  the  mortality  from  all  other  causes  is  shown  to  have  been  last  week  29  below  the  average  of  the  corresponding  week  of  former  years.  From  zymotie  diseases  the  deaths  were  66,  about  the  average  number.  They  include  15  from  hoop hooping  ing hooping  cough,  14  from  typhus,  5  from  cholera,  4  from  diarrhoea;  3  from  scarlatina,  .2  from  measles,  2  from  syphilis,  1  from  influenza.  No  death  was  reported  from  small  pox.  _Delirium  tremens  was  fatal  to  a  male,  aged  35.  The  injurious  influ influence  ence influence  of  the  extreme  cold  upon  persons  in  advanced  life  is  shown  by  the  fact  that  the  death  above  the  age  of  60  amounted  to  42,  a  greater  number  than  in  any  previous  week,  with  one  exception,  since  January,  1848.  The  mean  temperature  of  the  week  was  37  3-10ths  degrees—three  de degrees  grees degrees  below  the  average  of  the  same  week  of  the  preceding  seven  years.  The  wind  blew  from  south-east  to  north-east  'nearly  throughout  the  week.  Rain  fell  on  two  days  to  the  extent  of  9.looths  of  an  inch.  The  medical  officer  sub subwitted  witted subwitted  to  the  committee  a  letter  received  from  the  general  board  of  health,  with  documents  showing  the  advantage,  in  a  pecuniary  as  well  as  sanitary  point  of  view;  of  substituting.  Water-closets  for  cesspools.  _The  board  of  health,  in  the  communication  referred  said  that  the  mortality  of  Liverpool  was  48  in  1,000.  To  this  the  MEDICAL  OFFICER  replied  that  it  was  not  more  than  34  in  1,000.  That  the  number  of  deaths  last  year  was,  as  nearly  as  could  be  ascertained,  11,150,  out  of  a  population  of  309,000,  _showing  that  on  au  average  the  mortality  was  only,  a  fraction,  above  .28  in  1,000.  Mr.  HODSON  observed  that  Liverpool  had  become,  from  one  of  the  most  unhealthy,  one  of  the  most  healthy  towns  in  the  kingdom  ;  and  it  was  exceedingly  bad  taste  on  the  part  of  the  board  of  health  to  send  down  their  officer  to  institute  inquiries  here,  when  they  were  absolutely  in  a  worse  position  in  London  than  in  Liverpool.  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  remarked  that  the  board  of  health  probably  fell  into  their  error  by  taking  the  deaths  of  the  borough,  and  the  population  of  the  parish  of  Liverpool.  Mr.  RistrroN  the  building  surveyor  reported  the  inspec inspection  tion inspection  of  110  delapidated  privies  and  ashpits,  92  of  which  were  undergoing  alterations  and  repairs,  and  18  of  which  required  such,  together  with  various  other  details  in  his  department.  Mr.  I\  EWLANDS  the  borough  engineer  reported  numerous  particulars  of  the  work  done  and  in  hand  in  his  depart department,  ment, department,  and  Mr.  FRESH  the  inspector  of  nuisances  reported  the  empty emptying  ing emptying  of  1161  cesspools,  the  inspection  of  71  nuisances  com complained  plained complained  of  by  inhabitants,  and  the  reference  of  38  others  to  the  borough  engineer  for  remedy  by  drainage,  &amp;c.,  with  a  detail  of  the  other  operations  of  his  staff,  including-  particu particulars  lars particulars  of  a  sanitary  examination  of  409  court  houses,  and  235  cellars,  formerly  cleitred  of  inmates  in  the  lower  parts  of  the  town;  and  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  sanitary  officers  had  made  special  examination  during  the  week  of  884  dif different  ferent different  apartments  in  street  houses,  1115  rooms  in  court  houses,  in  the  districts  named  for  the  purpose  of  eradicating  unhealthiness  therefrom,  besides  the  cellar  inspections  above  named.  Orders  were  given  to  take  steps  to  compel  the  cleansing  and  purification  of  163  houses  reported  to  be  in  a  filthy  and  unwholesome  condition.  Mr.  Fuzsn  who  reported  that  John  Rose  is  fulfilling  his  contract  in  the  south  part  of  the  town,  and  that  2000  tons  of  the  old  deposits  complained  of  by  Mr.  Laird  had  been  removed,  and  the  remainder  is  going  away  at  the  rate  of  two  hundred  tons  weekly.  Mr.  Rose  has  at  a  great  expense  ex excavated  cavated excavated  another  place  for  boats,  aad  where  the  south  manure  will  during  the  remainder  - STYLE=superscript  of  his  contract  be  tipped  from  his  carts  into  the  boats  and  be  at  once  taken  away."
