text
"THE  STAR-HUNTER  IN  LONDON.  The  following  case,  heard  before  th  e  L  on  d  on  Police Policecourts,  courts, Policecourts,  shows  that  there  are  dupes  as  well  as  swindlers  in  London  as  in  Liverpool:—  Elizabeth  White,  a  very  artful  woman,  well-known  as  a  dabbler  in  astrology,  was  charged  with  obtaining  money  and  wearing  apparel  from  two  females,  named  Louisa  Symmons  andiElizabeth  Horne,  in  the  service  of  Mr.  Shef Sheffield,  field, Sheffield,  Dermer  Cottage,  Wellington-road,  Bow,  under  the  pretence  of  ruling  the  planets  and  telling  their  fortunes.  The  case  exhibited  the  most  extraordinary  credulity.  Louisa  Symmons  said  the  prisoner  called  at  her  master's  house  on  Friday  week,  and  said  she  could  tell  her  fortune,  and  rule  the  planets,  and  when  she  would  be  married.  Wit Witness  ness Witness  said  she,  did  not  want  to  know  her  fortume;  but  the  i  prisoner  would  not  go  away,  and  she  said  she  was  the  seventh  daughter  of  a  seventh  daughter,  and  consulted  the  stars.  The  prisoner  then  asked  her  if  she  had  any  jewellery  to  propitiate  the  planets,  and  said  that  jewellery  would  bring  most  luck.  Witness  had  none,  and  the  prisoner  laid  hold  of  her  hand,  and  traced  the  lines,  and  told  her  she  would  leave  her  place  with  a  blemish  of  her  character  if  she  did  'not  give  her  two  dresses.  Witness  then  gave  the  prisoner  ;two  cotton  dresses,  and  she  afterwards  said  she  must  have  some  under  clothing  to  keep  the  planet  warm  before  she  could  rule  it  (laughter),  and  she  gave  her  a  flannel  petti petticoat.  coat. petticoat.  Mr.  Ingham  :  How  could  you  be  so  ver  y  s  ill  y  ?  Did.you  give  her  anything  else  ?—Witness  :  Yes,  sir,  a  shilling  She  said  she  must  have  the  value  of  10s.  in  clothes  and  money  before  she  could  rule  my  planet.  She  said  she  would  have  to  take  the  money  and  dresses  to  her  home  to  rule  the  planet,  and  that  she  would  return  at  half-past  six  in  the  evening,  and  let:me  know  what  the  planet  said.  (Continued  laughter.)  Mr.  Ingham  :  I  suppose  you  were  afraid  of  being•  made  a  star  of?—The  simple  girl  held  down  her  head,  and  said  that  the  prisoner  also  promised  to  rule  the  planets  for  her  fellow-servant,  but  would  not  allow  witness  to  hear  what  she  said  to  her.  The  prisoner  said  she  would  bewitch  a  young  man  witness  kept  company  with,  and  that  he  would  come  to  her  master's  house  and  seduce  her  if  she  did  not  giro  hoc  chillin  g  anti  fba  drpecna  Mr.  Ingham  :  Did  you  tell  her  you  had  a  sweetheart  ?  Witness  :  Yes,  sir,  I  did.  Mr.  Ingham  :  How  come  you  to  do  that  ?  Witness  :  She  baffled  me  with  so  many  questions  that  I  hardly  knew  what  I  said.  The  prisoner  here  said  she  was  quite  ashamed  of  the  young  person,  and,  after  having  examined  her  with  very  great  severity,  she  asked  her  if  she  did  not  give  her  one  of  her  long  hairs  to  bewitch  her  young  man.  The  witness  said  the  matter  was  too  delicate  to  mention  in  open  court;  but  on  Mr.  Ingham  telling  her  that  she  must  relate  the  whole  truth,  she  confessed  that  she  gave  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  a  single  hair  bewitch  her  young  man  (Roars  of  laughter.)  Elizabeth  Home,  fellow-servant  of  the  last  witness,  and  a  much  older  person  said  the  prisoner  told  her  she  had  been  a  mother,  and  that  her  child  would  soon  die.  Mr.  Ingham  :  Have  you  been  married  ?  The  witness  (hesitating)—No,  sir;  but  I  have  had  a  little  one.  The  prisoner  asked  me  for  10s.,  and  I  said  I  had  only  75.,  and  she  said  that  would  do,  and  I  must  give  her  a  dress  to  make  up  the  rest,  and  I  did  so.  Mr.  Ingham:  For  'what  ?  Witness—She  said  she  wanted  to  rule  the  planets.  Mr.  Ingham  :  What  was  she  to  rule  the  planets  for  ?  The  .woman,  who  seemed  heartily  ashamed  of  her  credulity,  said,  the  prisoner  told  her  she  would  bring  back  the  money  and  dress  when  she  had  ruled  the  planets,  and  heard  what  they  said;  and  also  told  her  that  she  would  bewitch  her  for  twenty-one  days  if  she  did  not  let  her  have  what  she  wanted.  Mr.  Ingham  asked  the  prisoner  if  she  had  any  defence,  t  o  which  sic  replied,  Mr.  Ingham  :  Do  you  know  where  you  will  spend  your  Christmas?  Prisoner—No,  sir.  Mr.  Ingham  :  Then  I  do  ;—in  prison.  I  am  a  better  for fortune-teller  tune-teller fortune-teller  than  you  are.  I  convict  you  as  a  rogue  and  vaga vagabond,  bond, vagabond,  and  sentence  you  to  be  imprisoned  and  kept  to  hard  labour  for  three  months."
