text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TES•  (Hear,  hear.)  I  think  we  can  appeal  to  them  on  the  grounds  of  justice  to  ourselves.  Where  is  there  another  body  of  men  who  so  freely  admit  every  man  without  let  or  hindrance  to  come  in  amongst  us.  (Hear,  hear.)  We  have  among  the  members  here  a  very  large  proportion  who  have  been  working  men  in  Liverpool  themselves.  We  have  natives  of  England,  Ireland,  and  Scotland.  We  have  gentlemen  from  the  continent,  and  the  colonies,  and  I  believe  we  have  a  gentleman  who  has  recently  arrived  from  the  United  States.  We  offer  no  oppo opposition  sition opposition  to  any  man.  We  can  go  further  and  appeal  to  their  patriotism.  Any  man  deserving  the  name  of  a  patriot,  ought  to  be  ashamed  to  think,  whilst  his  fellow  countryman  is  perhaps  actually  in  a  state  of  strvation,  or  beggary  at  all  events,  and  he  has  not  only  enough,  but  to  spare,  not  able  actually  to  eat  the  meat  that  is  set  before  him,—that  under  such  circumstances  he  would  not  admit  him  to  a  share  of  his  good  things.  (Hear,  .hear.)  I  think  no  man  can  stand  up  and  call  himself  an  Englishman,  who  can  boldly  acknow acknowledge  ledge acknowledge  himself  a  participator  in  such  a  sentiment  as  this.  (Hear,  hear.)  And,  gentlemen,  finally  I  think  there  is  a  higher  and  a  nobler  call  yet,  an  irresistablc  call,  if  indeed  we  are  not  mis-named  Christians,  and  indifferent  to  the  commands  of  our  Divine  Master.  We  ought  at  least  to  be  prepared  to  meet  here  on  something  like  __grounds  of  concession,  '1  •  ell  men  --  -  _  -  Aing  unto  all  men  as  we  would  all  - STYLE=superscript  men  should  do  unto  us,  it  is  one  of  the  greatest,  and  yet  one  of  the  simplest  of  the  Divine  commands.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  would,  therefore.  appeal  to  these  men,  in  justice  to  the  shipowners,  in  justice  to  ourselves,  as  patriots,  as  Englishmen,  and  above  all,  under  the  sacred  name  they  bear  as  Christians,  to  abandon  the  false  position  in  which  they  have-  now  placed  themselves,  to  come  forward  as  honest  men,  and  to  meet  us  on  the  plat platform  form platform  of  fairness  and  liberality  on  which  we  now  challenge  them  to  meet  us,  and  if  they  do  not  do  so,  if  they  accept  not  those  propositions,  if  they  go  on  in  the  same  course  which,  I  am  sorry  to  say,  they  are  at  this  moment  pursuing,  why,  then,  gentlemen,  we  can  only  go  forth  to  the  fight  with  the  conviction  in  our  hearts,  that  we  have  done  everything  we  could—that  our  course  is  justified  by  God  and  man,  and  fight  the  good  battle  of  justice,  reason,  and  religion.  (Applause.)  I.  would  now  propose  that  the  resolution,  which  was  to  have  been  submitted,  should  - STYLE=superscript  not  be  proposed  until  the  pror  position  which  I  have  made  is  fairly  and  calmly  tried.  Ile  would,  therefore,  move  that  Friday  should  be  the  day  to  take  the  average.  Mr.  W.  B.  JONES  seconded  the  proposition  of  Mr.  Gray Grayson  son Grayson  A  dioeunsion  followed  as  to  which  day  the  number  of  extra  men  required  by  the  masters  should  be  taken,  many  of  the  men  being  generally  absent  on  the  Monday  and  Tuesday  ;  but  ultimately  Saturday  was  fixed  upon  for  taking  the  number,  the  secretary  to  report  the  result  of  his  enquiry  to  the  association  on  the  Monday  morning  following.  The  CHAIRMAN  begged  to  remind  the  meeting  that  the  question  was  then  introduction  of  strangers.  It  was  not  so  much  apprentices  or  wages  as  it  was  the  introduction  of  strangers.  The  apprentices  were  part  and  parcel  of  the  men  themselves.  Mr.CLAYTON  cordially  agreed  with  what  had  fallen  from  Mr.  Grayson.  The  question  before  them  was  the  employment  of  strangers.  The  men  passed  a  resolution  at  their  meeting  that  they  would  work  with  whom  they  pleased,  and  he  was  only  surprised  they  had  not  gone  a  little  farther,  and  said  they  would  work  for  whom  they  pleased.  Now  he  (Mr.  Clayton)  thought  he  had  a  right  to  come  to  a  similar  reso resolution.  lution. resolution.  He  had  a  very  good  feeling  towards  the  Liverpool  men  and  to  their  club,  but  if  those  men  would  not  use  him  as  he  wished  to  use  them,  they  should  become  two,  and  if  they  made  a  split  it  would  be  hard  to  get  them  together  again.  He  (Mr.  Clayton)  was  not  very  easily  provoked,  but  when  he  saw  men  whom  he  had  had  to  work  for  him  on  one  ship  for  months  together,  in  fact  since  last  April,  leave  him  it  was  too  bad.  Three  linen,  named  Dunphy,  Wade,  and  Mitchell,  left  him  to  go  to  the  north-end  of  the  town,  to  go  to  a  ship  of  Mr.  Royle's,  at  10s.  per  day.  He  did  not  believe  that  Mr.  Royle  or  Mr.  Glover  knew  anything  about  it,  neither  did  he  wish  to  have  those  men  back,  for  any  man  who  left  his  employ  never  came  back.  But  there  was  a  moral  wrong  in  a  man  leaving  his  work  before  a  job  was  finished  upon  which  he  was  engaged.  He  could  not,  under  those  circumstances.  geta  fair  day's  work  for  a  fair  day's  pay.  The  system  which  the  men  appeared  to  be  carrying  .  out  by  going  from  one  ship  to  another,  was  to  create  disunion  amongst  the  masters.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  was  inclined  to  beli  e  v  e  thi  s  f  r  om  the  way  i  n  which  his  men  left  him.  Mr.  Neal,  in  his  speech  in  the  Concert  Hall,  offered  to  build  a  new  ship  in  the  port  of  Liverpool,  for  £2  10s.  per  ton.  He  took  that  on  the  state statement  ment statement  of  ss.  per  day.  Now,  he  maintained,  if  a  man  did  a  fair  day's  work  for  a  fair  day's  pay,  surely  they  could  repair  a  ship  for  the  same  amount  they  could  build  one.  In  April  last  he  put  a  ship,  the  great  bulk  of  which  belonged  to  himself,  into  the  graving  dock  to  lengthen  her  32  feet  in  the  middle.  The  centre  part  of  a  ship  could  be  put  in  as  easily  and  as  cheaply,  as  a  new  ship  could  be  built,  for  there  were  the  dead  flats,  &amp;c.  Now  the  ship  had  not  beams  in  her,  -no  ceiling,  no  breast  hooks  in  the  deck.  She  was  planked  up  to  the  gunwale,  and  he  had  paid  for  wages  on  that  ship  over  £2los.  per  ton.  He  now  made  them  an  offer  to  give  them  £1  per  ton  more  to  finish  her,  which  would  make  £3  10s.  per  ton,  in  repairs  for  labour  alone.  Perhaps  111  might  give  them  a  little  more  if  they  came  to  make  a  bar bargain.  gain. bargain.  They  said  there  was  enough  of  men  in  Liverpool  to  worlt.  _  41  there  was  not—(rear,  hedr)  —but  he  thought  if  they  would  take  the  work,  as  piece  work,  that  would  add  500  or  600  to  their  number,  and  they  might  get  through  ;he  work  of  the  port.  But  the  question  had  been  raised  not  only  between  themselves  and  the  men,  but  also  between  themselves  and  the  public  at  large,  as  to  who  were  the  rias riasters.  ters. riasters.  The  men  seemed  to  think  the  ship-owners  wen  the  masters.  He  (Mr.  Clayton)  maintained  they  the  master  shipwrights  were  ;  they  paid  the  wages  and  were  liable  for  it,  and  they  got  no  value  out  of  those  wages.  In  all  other  ports  this  was  not  the  case.  In  Cumberland  the  masters  clarged  I  0  per  cent.  for  paying  the  wages,  and  in  London  tley  got  6d.  per  day  on  the  men.  In  his  own  firm,  during  tle  year,  they  had  paid  in  wages  from  £15,000  to  £20,00),  if  he  had  10  per  cent.  on  it,  it  would  be  more  than  he  coal  realise  from  apprentices.  They  had  the  same  in  all  other  ports.  With  regard  to  apprentices  he  had  one  thing  to  atm.  Three  of  his  apprentices  were,  yesterday,  sent  out  of  a  dip STYLE=superscript  where  they  exceeded  the  propOition  of  Woys  allowed  to  be  number  of  men,  and  the  men  would  have  left  the  ship  if  those  boys  had  not  gone  back  to_the  yard,  although  he  haC  five  other  ships  on  which  there  was  not  a  single  apprentee  at  Work  ;  in  fact  he  did  not  keep  a  large  stock  of  those  - STYLE=superscript  oung  gentle gentlemen,  men, gentlemen,  having  no  building  yard,  and  not  feelivg  it  just  to  have  a  large  number  of  apprentices  without  giving  them  a  fair  chance  to  learn  their  trade.  (Hear,  Ivan)  He  sug suggested  gested suggested  that  piece-work  should  be  connected  with  Mr.  Gray Grayson's  son's Grayson's  motion,  and  this  would  relieve  them  wry  much.  Mr.  Torrps  agreed  with  Mr.  Clayton  that  piece  work  would  go  a  great  way  to  remedy  the  evil.  He  had  himself  proposed  this  before,  seeing  it  was  the  system  carried  out  in  the  United  States  and  the  Colonies.  He  rather  thought,  th  e  men  would  accede  to  this  and  he  was  still  of  opinion  that  there  were  good  men  enough  in  Liverpwl  without  the  help  of  strangers,  to  do  the  work  if  they  could  try  a  book  of  prices.  If  they  would  not  do  so  it  vas  indispensable  they  should  have  a  stand-up  fight.  Mr.  CLAYTON  remarked  that  in  Loidon  all  work  was  done  by  piece  work,  according  to  a  book  of  prices.  The  London  rate  of  wages  was  6s.  per  day,  ani  as  wages  in  Liverpool  ranged  at  7s.  per  day,  he  proposed  that  10  per  cent  be  added  to  the  London  prices.  Mr.  GRAYSON  remarked  that  ;his  would  form  a  part  of  the  consideration  of  the  committee  appointed.  After  a  brief  discussion  the  notion  of  Mr.  Grayson  was  carried,  and  the  consideration  of  the  propriety  of  adver adverising  ising adverising  for  strangers  deferred.  In  the  course  of  the  conversation  a  doubt  was  expressed  as  to  whether  there  were  1,700  ship shipwrights  wrights shipwrights  in  Liverpool,  and  it  was  suggested  that  not  only  the  number  of  men  required  by  each  master  should  be  ascer ascertained,  tained, ascertained,  but  also  the  number  of  men  in  each  master's  employ.  Mr.  FITZPATRICK  complained  that  what  he  had  said  at  a  previous  meeting  was  entirely  misrepresented  in  the  ilio•cury's  report.  His  observations  applied  only  to  apprentices,  and  he  never  said  a  single  syllable  about  journeymen.  In  vferenee  to-the  lads  going  to  Thiblin  and  other  places,  lie  Aid  they  would  them  but  he  never  used  the  worts  them  attributed  to  him  in  the  Mercury.  The  CHAIRMAN  confirmed  Mr.  Fitzpatrick's  statement.  Mr,  FITZPATRICK  remarked  with  reference  to  -un  away  apprentices  he  was  sorry  Mr.  M'Clean  was  not  present.  Mr.  JONES  hoped  personalities  would  be  ovoidal.  The  CHAIRMAN  read  the  following  applicati'n  from  the  ship  joiners  for  an  increase  of  wages  Room  of  tie  L.  S.  J.  A.  20th  Oct&amp;er,  1853.  the  Liverpool  ship  joiners  tak,  the  liberty  of  submitting  to  your  notice  the  following  Jequest.  In  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  advanced  rate  of  prices  generally  on  articles  of  consumption,  &amp;c.,  we  find  our  present  rate  of  wages  inadequate  to  'meet  the  demand;  therepre  we  have  come  to  the  conclusion  that  a  request  be  reavectfully  made  to  the  employers  for  an  advance  of  one  shillag  per  day,  commencing  on  the  Ist  of  November.  We  true  that  on  giving  this  due  consideration,  you  will  acknowledge  it  as  a  reasonable  request.  on  behalf  of  the  Association,  gewd.  BROWNE.  President.  WINTOX,  Vice-President.  4 STYLE=superscript  titEECE  NANNERZ,  Secretary.  'Wm.  ASHTON  A  converation  follower',  in  which  it  was  stated  that  the  ship  joiners,  had  been  raid  one  shilling  per  day  less  than  the  shipwrights.  and  41e  wages  of  the  latter,  were  now  7s.  per  day,  they  were  eititled  to  the  increase.  A  motion  for  an  increase  of  6d.  per  day  was  carried.  In  reply  to  questions  from  the  Chairman,  Mr.  M'ELROY  stated  that  Bs.  per  day  was  being  paid  by  Mr.  Milligan.  on  a  ship  in  the  Sandon  Dock;  and  that  a  Dutch  master  was  paying  at  the  same  rate.  Mr.  Sotherbury  was  also  piing  the  same  wages.  Mr.  JolEs  suggested  that  the  latter  gentleman  should  be  written  Jo,  and  if  he  did  not  give  a  satisfactory  answer,  that  he  should  be  fined  £5.  Mr.  CROSBY  reported  that  Mr.  Sotherbury  also  carted  mer  down  to  his  ship.  A  discussion  then  followed  as  to  a  larger  allowance  rate  for  appprentices,  but  eventually  the  subject  was  re referred  ferred referred  for  the  consideration  of  the  committee.  A  vote  of  thanks  was  then  passed  to  the  Chairman,  and  e  proceedings  terminated.  On  Monday,  a  woman  named  Ellen  O'Brien,  was  found  in  the  canal  by  the  Bushington  bridge,  floating  on  the  water,  and  quite  dead,  EMPORIUM  for  FOREIGN  and  BRITISH  SHAWLS  AND  MANTLES,  BOLD-  STREET  J.  MACLENNAN  begs  to  intimate  that  he  is.  now  SHOWING  his  new  STOCK  of  WINTER  SHAWLS  and  MANTLES,  and  would  draw  especial  attention  to  the  MANTLE  Department,  which  is  unusually  large  and  well  assorted,  both  in  Styles  and  Materials,  having  made  arrange arrangements  ments arrangements  with  a  first-class  Paris  House  to  send.  all  Novelties  as  soon  as  they  appear  in  Paris.  N.-X.—An  inspection  is  invited,  and  on  no  account  will  any  lady  be  importuned  to  purchase,  but  will  meet  with  the  greatest  civility.  POLICE  v  COURTS.  ---E  STE  RDAY.  LIVERPOOL,  CHARGE  OF  RAPE  AGAINST.  A  POLICEMAN.—The  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  were  engaged  for  a  considerable  time  in  investigating  a  charge  of  rape  made  against  Thomas  Davis,  police-officer  37.  Officer  43,  deposed  that,  at  a  quarter-past  three  o'clock,  yesterday  morning,  Mrs..  Catherine  Gregg  gave  prisoner  in  charge  to  him  at  George's  pier.  (Prisoner's  beat  is  No.  1,  Prince's  dock.)  The  person  charging  said,  that  prisoner  had  committed  an  indecent  assault  upon  her  sister,  at  her  dwelling.  house,  15,  Coburgh-street,  Park.  Mary  Horsefield,  the  prosecutrix,  deposed  that  she  had  been  staying  with  her  sister,  Mrs.  Gregg,  at  Toxteth-park,  for  the  last:fortnight  ;  she  had  known  the  prisoner  for  the  last  three  or  four  months,  who  lodged  in  same  house,  which  is  kept  by  her  brother-in-law,  who  is  also  in  the  police.  On  Monday  evening,  her  mother  and  sister  went  out;  leaving  her  alone  at  home  to  get  prisoner  his  dinner.  There  was  no  one  left  in  the  house  but  a  sick  man,  named  John  Simpson,  who  was  in  bed  in  a  back  room  on  the  second  floor,  and  who  is  also  a  police-officer,  (No.  183.)  Prisoner  came  home  to  his  dinner,  which  he  had  in  the  kitchen,  on  the  cellar  floor  of  the  house.  Whilst  witness  was  removing  the  table  after  the  prisoner  had  taken  this  meal,  he  suddenly  caught  hold  of  her,  and  threw  her  with  violence  on  a  sofa  in  the  room.  The  witness  then  detailed  the  circumstances  of  a  rape.  She  made  all  the  resistance  in  her  power,  but  prisoner  stifled  her  screaming  by  placing  his  face  over  her  mouth.  Immediately  after  he  had  effected  his  purpose,  there  was  a  knock  at  the  street  door,  and  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  left  the  room  and  openedlt,  when  prosecutrix's  mother  and  sister  came  in,  and  the  moment  they  entered  the  house,  she  complained  of  the  ill-treatment  she  had  received  from  the  prisoner.  _  In  cross-examination  by  Mr.  Owen  for  the  defence,  it  was  elicited  that,  on  two  former  'occasions,  prisoner  had  attempted  liberties  with  the  prosecutrix,  but  she  had  resisted  them;  they  had  not  been  carried  to  the  extent  of  indecency.  After  the  girl  had  given  her  evidence,  she  fainted,  and  was  removed  from  the  court.  Catherine  Gregg  deposed  that  on  Monday  evening,  she  and  her  mother  were  out.  They  returned  at  a  quarter  to  7  o'clock,  and  the  prisoner  opened  the  street  door  for  them.  Witness  asked  him  where  her  sister  was,  because  she  ex expected  pected expected  that  the  latter  would  have  opened  the  door.  He  made  some  evasivereply.  On  going  intothe  kitchen  she  found  her  sister  with  her  hair  hanging  about  her  neck,  standing  against  the  dining  table,  apparently  in  a  most  exhausted  state.  The  first  words  she  said  were,  !  you  must  never  leave  me  alone  with  Davis  Witness  then  asked  the  prisoner  what  he  had  been  doing  to  her  sister,  and  his  reply  was,  One  of  the  surgeons  of  the  Southern  Hospital  gave  evidence  as  to  the  medical  features  of  the  case,  but  although  his  tes testimony  timony testimony  was  very  far  from  conclusive,  it  did  not  in  any  way  refute  the  testimony  of  the.  prosecutrix.  Mr.  Owens  said  that  he  could  not  avoid  admitting  that  an  assault  had  taken  place,  but  he  was  sure  the  magistrates  would  hesitate'  in  dealing  with  the  case  as  one  of  the  graver  offence.  The  future  prospects  of  his  client,  who  was  a  pub public  lic public  officer,  depended  on  their  decision,  which  if  unfavourable,  would  render  him  a  marked  man  for  ever.  He  hoped  the  circumstances  were  such  as  would  justify  him  in  request requesting  ing requesting  a  remand.  The  magistrates  said  they  would  willingly  comply  with  this  request,  and  give  the  prisoner  every  facility  for  his  defence.  The  case  was  accordingly  remanded  CHARGE  OF  FELONIOUSLY  ENTERING}  A  DWELLING'  HOUSE.  —Frank  M'Cullagh  was  charged  by  Mrs.  Luff,  Dub Dublin  lin Dublin  Vaults,  Regent-road,  with  having,  on  Tuesday  morning,  come  into  her  shop  and  passing  into  the  bedroom  where  she  was  sitting,  sliding  cautiously  on  all  fours.  She  gave  the  alarm,  but  prisoner  escaped  by  a  private  stair  and  door-way.  Mr.  Luff,  went  in  pursuit,  with  two  officers  and  never  lost  sight  of  the  prisoner  until  they  succeeded  in  arresting  him  in  Carlow-street.  There  was  no  property  missed.  He  was  remanded  to  this  day,  that  enquiries  might  be  made  about  him.  LARCENIES.—John  Browne  was  convicted  of  stealing  a  quantity  of  butter  on  Monday  evening,  out  of  the  London Londonderry  derry Londonderry  shed,  in  the  north  west  corner  of  the  Clarence  dock.  He  was  sentenced  to  two  months'  imprisonment.  Mary  Smith  was  remanded,  charged  with  stealing  a  shawl  from  the  pawn-office  of  Mr.  Kehoe,  of  Vauxhall-road,  and  attempting  to  pawn  it  at  Rawlins,  in  Scotland-road.  As  her  till  this  day,  to  make  enquiries.  Thomas  Ambrose  was  remanded,  charged  with  stealing  bacon  from  a  shop  in  Vauxhall-ro  a  d.  Th  e  b  acon  was  f  oun  d  on  his  person  by  constable  199,  and  identified.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERIES  BY  FEMALE  SERVANTS—  Catherine  Bryan  was  sent  for  trial  to  the  sessions,  charged  with  steal stealing  ing stealing  a  large  quantity  of  wearing  apparel,  from  the  house  of  Walter  Hart,  Porter-street,  the  property  of  that  person  and  Margaret  M'Analty.  The  prisoner  had  only  been  two  days  a  domestic  servant  in  the  employ,  when  she  made  off  with  this  booty,  which  she  pledged  at  four  different  places,  and  raised  four  pounds  upon  them.  There  were  gowns,  coats,  sheets,  boots,  shawls,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  She  had  scarcely  gone  away,  when  the  property  was  missed,  and  her  badly  treated  em employers  ployers employers  found  her  in  the  hands  of  the  police,  on  the  charge  of  a  distinct  robbery,  committed  in  a  lodging-house  the  night  after  absconding.  Harriet  Davis  and  Mary  Mooney,  were  sent  for  trial  upon  a  charge  of  stealing  wearing  apparel  and  shop  goods,  from  the  house  of  Mr.  Jones,  druggist,  in  Paradise-street,  where  the  first  prisoner  lived  as  servant.  The  second  prisoner  was  a  washerwoman,  whom  Mr.  Jones  occasionally  employed.  and  she  had  received  the  stolen  property  into  her  house  in  Bolton-street.  PICKING  PocKETs.--.Miehael  _Kilmartin,  and  Mary  Kil Kilmartin,  martin, Kilmartin,  his  wife,  were  charged  by  detective  officer  Bovey,  with  attempting  to  pick  pockets  on  Monday.  He  had  watched  them  going  up  Ranelagh-street,  from  thence  to  Church-street.  Here  the  woman  went  into  the  Liver  House,  whilst  the  man  stood  at  the  door.  He  saw  the  fe female  male female  attempt  to  pick  a  lady's  pocket  in  the  shop,  but  without  success.  They  then  proceeded  down  Whitechapel,  and  the  woman  went  into  a  grocer's  shop,  and  there  made  an  at attempt  tempt attempt  at  an  old  lady's  pocket,  when  the  officer  arrested  both  prisoners,  on  whom  he  found  £4  12s.  71d.  The  male  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  was  sentenced  to  be  imprisoned  for  three  months;  his  wife  was  discharged.  ROBBING  A  PARENT.—A  DISTRESSING  CASE.—John  Mon-  caster,  was  charged  by  his  father  with  stealing  a  watch  and  other  property  from  his  house,  17,  Sawney  Pope-street.  The  father,  who  seemed  a  respectable  man,  said  that  the  prisoner  was  always  sent  to  school,  and  everything  had  been  done  for  him  ;  but  now,  at  fourteen  years  of  age,  he  was  afraid  he  was  getting  into  confirmed  bad  habits.  The  magistrates  remanded  the  prisoner  for  a  week,  in  order  ,that  something  might  be  done  for  him.  ROBBERY  IN  THE  SHIP  -  Enoell  Green,  a  dock  plumber,  was  sentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment  for  breaking  open  two  chests  in  the  ship  bound  for  Australia,  and  stealing  a  pair  of  flannel  drawers.  DARING  STREET  ROBBERY.  =  William  Campbell,  was  charged  by  Mr.  Richard  Houghton,  with  robbing  him  of  his  watch,  at  the  corner  of  Whitechapel,  on  Monday  night,  about  nine  o'clock.  The  prosecutor  stated  that  two  persons  -came  up  to  him  and  asked  him  what  time  it  was,  and  as  -as  ho  took  out  his  watch  to  compare  it  with  that  of  the  church,  one  of  the  men  snatched  it  dexterously  from  him,  cutting  the  ribbon  to  which  it  was  attached.  In  a  moment  both  the  fellows  made  of,  the  prisoner  shouting  stop  much  more  lustily  than  the  prosecutor.  When  arrested,  the  prisoner  accused  a  gentleman  who  had  helped  'to  stop  him  of  being  the  thief.  The  watch  not  being  found,  the  prisoner  was  remanded  for  a  week  to  permit  of  search  being  made  for  it,  and  the  other  thief  is  to  be  looked  after.  Michael  Dunn,  .  marine  store-dealer,  Sprainger-street,  was  summoned  by  police  officer  317,  charged  with  dealing  in  marine  stores  without  h  av  i  ng  a  license.  He  was  fined  in  a  penalty  of  £lO.  THROWING  STONES.—John  Anderson  was  charged  with  throwing  stones  and  breaking  a  pane  of  glass.  It  apyeared  from  the  evidence,  that  the  prisoner  had  been  in  the  workhouse,  and  came  out  last  Thursday.  He  made  appli application  cation application  on  the  following  day  .  (Friday,)  to  go  in  again,  and  upon  the  prosecutor  refusing  to  give  him  an  order,  he  broke  a  pane  of  glass  in  prosecutor's  window.  He  was  ordered  to  pay  six-pence,  (the  value  of  the  pane  of  glass,)  and  costs  ;  in  default,  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month  in  the  house  of  correction,  with  hard  labour.  FURIOUS  DRIVING—SERIOUS  ACCIDENT.—Edward  Lou,-  cock  was  charged  with  driving  over  a  lady,  in  Anson-street,  It  appeared  that  the  prisoner  was  a  little  intoxicated,  and  was  driving  very  furiously  through  Anson-street,  when  the  horse  ran  upon  the  parapet  and  knocked  a  lady  dowri,  when  the  cart  rolled  over  her,  thereby  fracturing  her  arm,  and  also  inuring  her  leg.  She  is  at  present  lying  in  a  very  precarious  condition.  He  was  fined  40s.  and  costs,  or  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.  BREAKING  WINDOWS.—Mary  A.  Johnson  was  dharged  by  Mr.  Godfrey,  with  breaking  a  large  pane  of  glass,  valued  at  10s.  She  was  ordered  to  pay  the  damage  and  costs  ;  in  default  of  payment  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.  SMITGGLING.—Tames  Kilton  and  John  Collins,  seamen,  on  board  the  ship  were  each  charged  with  smuggling  a  pound  of  foreign  manufactured  tobacco,  which  was  found  concealed  on  their  persons.  They  were  ordered  to  pay  10s.  each,  the  single  value  of  the  tobacco.  A  man  named  Yates,  for  being  drunk,  and  fighting  in  Great  Homer-street,  with  a  knife  in  his  hand,  was  fined  10s.  or  to  be  imprisoned  for  twenty-one  days.  MANCHESTER  CAUTION  TO  ►SPIRIT  MEacH.arrrs.—  . STYLE=superscript  Yesterday,  at  the  City  Police  Court,  Manchester,  an  information  was  preferred  against  Mr.  Charles  Coburn,  wholesale  spirit  merchant,  Old  Millgate,  for  having,  on  the  6th  of  August,  sold  a  bottle  of  rum  by  retail,  not  having  a  license  to  do  so.  Mr.  Francis  Robinson,  solicitor,  was  for  the  complainant,  and  Mr.  R.  B.  Cobbett,  solicitor,  for  the  defendant.  Ephraim  Anderson,  an  excise  officer,,stated  that  he  went  ,to  the  place  of  business  of  Mr.  Coburn  on  Saturday,  the  6th  of  August.  His  place  of  busines  s  was  a  t  17  ,  Old  Millgate,  where  he  carried  -  on  the  business  of  a  wholesale  spirit  merchant.  When  he  went  into  the  defendant's  place  of  business  he  asked  for  a  bottle  of  rum.  He  was  supplied  with  the  bottle  produced,  for  which  he  paid  half-a-crown,  and  brought  it  away.  Mr.  Coburn  was  not  authorised  to  sell  less  than  two  gallons  at  that  place,  for  he  had  no,  retail  license.  Mr.  Cobbett,  on  the  part  of  the  defendant,  explained  that  the  latter  kept  a  retail  establishment  adjoining  :his  wholesale  place  of  business,  and  that  no  offence  against  the  law  was  intended.  He  complained  that  the  excise  officer's  evidence  proved  that  he  had  gone  to  the  defendant's  place  of  business  for  the  purpose  of  entrapping  him.  The  bench  convicted  the  defendant,  and  fined  him  in  a  penalty  of  £5O.  Sir  Joseph  Paxton,  is  at  present  on  a  visit  to  Manchester,  the  guest  of  William  Fairbairn  Esq.,  F.R.S.  Jenny  Lind  (Mad  ame  Goldschmidt)  intends  to  come  to  London  next  year,  to  resume  her  professional  occu occupation  pation occupation  as  a  concert  singer.  Her  vocal  powers  are  said  to  be  in  no  way  impaired  by  her  change  of  condition.  The  North  British  Railway  Company  have  applied  to  the  Court  of  Sessions  for  an  interdict  to  prevent  the  Caledonian  and  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow  Companies  making  use  of  the  station  . STYLE=superscript  at  Waverley  Bridge  Under  their  arrangement.  The  court  has  declined  to  grant  interdict  in  a  summary  form,  and  the  whole  matter  will  be  discussed  and  decided  on  the  merits,  which  will  of  course  cause  some  delay.  DECAPITATION  BY  A  LOCOMOTIVE.—A  shocking  ac accident  cident accident  occurred  on  the  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincoln Lincolnshire  shire Lincolnshire  Railway,  on  Friday  night,  to  a  man  named  Anthony  Oldham,  a  servant  in  the  locomotive  department  of  the  com company  pany company  at  Sheffield.  The  men  employed  at  the  depot,  are  allowed  to  traverse  a  tunnel  120  yards  long,  about  a  mile  west  of  the  Sheffield  station,-in  proceeding  to  and  from  their  work.  About-nine  o'clock  on  Friday  evening,  the  driver  of  an  engine,  which  was  proceeding  slowly  up  the  tunnel,  dis discovered,  covered, discovered,  by  the  light  of  the  fire,  the  body  of  a  man  lying  partially  across  the  down  line.  It  was  a  pitiable  object  to  behold.  The  upper  part  of  the  head  was  completely  cut  away  bolo*  the  oyes,  and  his  cap,  which  lay  close  by,  was  filled  with  bone,  bramS,  and  blood.  The  conjecture  is  .  ,.that  he  loitered  on  the  way,  and  when  the  trains  approached  was  unable  to  escape.  He  appears  to  have  been  first  thrown  for forward  ward forward  by  the  buffers  of  the  engine,  of  the  down  train,  and,  falling  in  an  oblique  direction,  was  afterwards  struck  by  the  in  front  of  the  engine,  which  decapitated  the  upper  part  of  the  head  as  completely  as  though  it  had  been  sawn  off."
