text
"kartymt  THEATRE  ROYAL.  Williamson-square.  THE  CHRISTMAS  HOLIDAYS.  Taxa  Evacuro  (Thursday),  29th  instant,  the  Performance  will  commence  with  TIME  TRIES  ALL.  To  be  followed  by  the  Grand  Comic  CHRISTMAS  PANTOMIME!  entitled  THE  BUTTERFLY'S  BALL  and  THE  GRASSHOPPER'S  YEAST;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  THE  GENIUS  OF  SPRING  !  rounded  on  the  Popular  Poem  by  Mr.  Roscoe,  of  Liverpool.—  Harlequin......  Signor  Lauri.  Pantaloon..  Signor  C.  Lauri.  Columbine..  Madame  Masotti.  I  Clown  ....  Signor  F.  Lauri.  Admission—Dress  Boxes,  45.;  Upper  Boxes,  35.;  Pit,  25.;  Gallery,  Is.  The  Box-office  is  open  from  Ten  to  Three  o'clock  daily,  for  securing  Seats  and  taking  Private  Boxes,  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  T.  Shuttleworth.  Children  in  arms  will  not  be  admitted.  Doors  open  at  half-past  Six,  the  performance  to  com commence  mence commence  at  Seven  o'clock  precisely.  ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  HOLIDAY  NOTICE.  Tats  EVENING  (Thursday),  29th  inst.,  and  following  Evenines,  the  Entertainments  will  commence  with,  for  the  Fourth  Time  in  England,  R  0  B  R  0  Y  I  produced  by  Mr.  Pablo  Fanque  as  an  EQUESTRIAN  SPECTACLE!  with  new  Scenes  and  Incidents  introduced  from  the  Novel.  In  order  to  pronuce  the  Celebrated  Drama  in  Its  new  form  in  the  most  creditable  manner  possible,  Mr.  Pablo  Fanque  has  engaged,  at  a  considerable  expense,  the  valuable  services  of  MR.  GOURLAY,  the  Acknowledged  Successor  of  MR.  MACKAY,  for  the  representation  of  Scotch  Character,  and  who  will  make  his  Fourth  appearance  In  Liverpool,  This  Evening,  in  the  arduous  character  of  BAILIE  NICOL  JA  llVlE.—Several  of  the  most  popular  members  of  the  Metropolitan  Theatres  are  engaged,  among  whom  will  be  found  Mr.  Rayner,  Mr.  T.  Kirk,  Mr.  Birken.  heft;  Mr.  Cooper,  Mrs.  Raymond,  Miss  Hodson,  the  popular  vocalist,  and  ►arious  others.  Rob  Roy  has  been  pronounced  by  the  Press  of,  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow  never  to  have  been  correctly  produced  until  brought  forth  by  Mr.  Pablo  Fanque  with  his  celebrated  horses.  —To-morrow  (Friday),  the  30th  instant,  there  will  be  •  Gran  I  DAY  PERFORMANCE.  Doors  open  at  Oone,  commence  at  Two.  In  consequence  of  the  extreme  length  of  the  Evening  Performances,  the  Doors  will  Open  at  a  quarter  past  Six,  and  commence  at  Seven.  Admission  :  Dress  Circle,  3s.  ;  Side  Boxes,  2s.  6d.  ;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  tid.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.;  Pit,  Is.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery;  second  price  to  Boxes  and  Pit  ROYAL  ADELPHI  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington.  Tuts  EvsntNo  (Thursday),  the  29th  instant,  the  Performances  to  commence  with  Mr.  Courtney's  celebrated  Drama,  entitled  THE  HEART  TEST!  Principal  characters  by  Messrs.  Hill,  Hastings,  Jackson,  Mesdames  Oliver,  Peel,  &amp;c.  To  conclude  with  the  gorgeous  new  Comic  Pantomime  of  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  SINBAD  THE  SAILOR,  AND  Tntt  FAIRY  or  CORAL  GROT  (written  expressly  for  this  Establishment,  by  Mr.  John  Courtney,  author  of  Time  Tries  Tricks  and  'trials,&#34;  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,)  which  has  been  in  p  re  p  arat  i  on  f  or  the  last  three  menthe,  with  new  and  magnificent  scenery,  costumes,  and  appointments.  Sinbad  the  Sailor,  Miss  Carre,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Haymarket.  Nautila.  Miss  M.  A.  Egan.  Harlequin,  Mr.  C.  Brown.  Pantaloon,  Mr.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesale.  Sprite,  Signor  SylrauL—Dress  Boxes,  21.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.  6d,;  Stalls,  Is,  Pit  6d.;  Gallery,  3d.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament-Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  •  *,,*  EXTRAORDINARY  CHRISTMAS  ATTRACTION.  Tilts  EYZNING  (Thursday),  29th  instant,  the  Performances  will  commence  with  the  favorite  Drama  of  THE  SAILOR'S  RETURN;  or,  THE  PARTING  GIFT!  inwhlch  Miss  Marriott,  and  the  whole  strength  of  the  company  will  appear,  To  conclude  with  (fourth  time)  the  New  Magniloquently  Grand,  Comical,  Local,  Operatical,  Cabalistical,  and  Anachronismatical  CHRISTMAS  PANTOMIME,  entitled,  ORMsHEAD  THE  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  &amp;  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON.  Written  expressly  for  this  theatre  by  the  author  of  Ye  Siege  of  with  new  and  beauti beautiful  ful beautiful  scenery,  by  Mr.  John  Wright,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre,  Mr.  Liver,  and  assistalits;  properties  by  Mr.  frames;  Music,  composed  by  Mr.  Hope  ;  Machinery,  by  Mr.  Jackson  ;  dresses  by  Mr.  West  and  assistants;  and  the  whole  produced  under  the  immediate  superintendence  of  the  Lessee,  Mr.  R.  Edgar.  Snowdrop,  the  Fair  Flower  of  Snowdon,  with  a  few  which  the  author  has  thrust  upon  her,  Miss  Marriott;  Lushisne,  a  doubtful  specimen  of  a  Fairy,  afterwards  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby  ;  Davydd  Jones,  an  ancient  Briton,  Mr.  Wilmore,  afterwards  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane;  Edward  Morgan,  with  terrific  com 'combat,'  Mr.  2.  Lennox,  afterwards  Harlequin,  Signor  Guarrino,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre;  Jenny  Jones,  the  Flower  of  North  Wales,  Mrs.  J.  Appleby,  afterwards  Columbine.  Mad'lle  Rose,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Edinburgh;  Sprite,  Signor  Vilderini,  the  wonderful  contortionist  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane.  The  remainder  of  the  characters  by  the  entire  Dramatic  and  Pantomimic  artistes  attached  to  the  establishment,  forming  the  most  complete  and  Powerful  cast  ever  submitt  e  d  t  o  a  L  i  verpool  public.  The  antomime  will  be  preceded  by  a  grave  Episode,  in  which  the  shades  of  Joe  Miller  and  the  Author  will  have  very  lively  representa.  tives.  Doors  open  at  half-past  six.  to  commence  at  seven  o'clock  pre precisely.  cisely. precisely.  Prices  of  admission.—Dress  Boxes,  35.;  Front  Boxes,  2s.  Pit,  Is.;  Gallery,  Ed.  Half-price  to  the  Boxes  at  Nine  o'clock.  Books  of  the  Pantomime  may  be  obtained  at  the  Theatre.  GAME  PIES!  GAME  PIES  !—The  Celebrated  Yorkshire  Game  Pies  !—The  greatest  Treat  of  the  season  for  Christmas  Parties.  Suitable  for  Ladies,  as  well  as  ffpieures,  and  everybody  else.  Made  only  by  W.  LAWTON,  Bin  HOTEL,  Queen-square—who  contracts  for  Public  Balls,  Suppers,  and  other  lar  ge  E  n  t  er  t  a  i  nments  —  where  w  i  ll  be  found  ood  Beds,  Good  Viands,  Good  Wines,  &amp;c  .  THE  NEW  YEAR!  A  BARON  OF  BEEF  WILL  BE  ROASTED  AT  THE  MANSION  -HOUSE  HOTEL,  11,  DRURY-LANE,  ON  THE  2ND  OF  JANUARY.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  Tins  DAY—Morning,  10h.  8m  ....  Afternoon,  10h.  34m.  THURSDAY,  DECEMBER  29,  1853.  RECENTLY  we  called  attention  to  the  s  übject  o  Female  Prostitution—a  social  evil  difficult  to  treat  of,  owing  to  the  false  delicacy  and  absurd  notions  which  obtain  respecting  it  in  the  public  mind,  and  which  have  in  great  part  been  occasioned  either  by  the  unwillingness  or  intentional  silence  of  jour journalists  nalists journalists  and  religious  teachers  to  express  themselves  upon  a  topic  of  such  vital  importance.  It  is  pusil pusillanimity,  lanimity, pusillanimity,  nay,  it  is  injustice  to  be  conscious  of  an  evil  and  to  refrain  from  speaking  of  it.  No  good  end  can  be  served  by  this  means,  but  rather  the  reverse.  We  should  not  suffer  our  kindly  feelings  and  our  generous  impulses  to  take  the  places  of  reason  and  judgment.  The  sense  of  duty  should  outweigh  all  other  considerations  and  rise  superior  to  all  other  influences.  If  a  loved  and  valued  friend  be  labouring  under  a  disease  which  we  know  must  ultimately  prove  fatal  if  not  immediately  checked,  it  would  be  extremely  improper  and  morally  wrong  not  to  render  him  sensible  of  his  danger,  and  urge  him  to  seek  the  needful  aid.  Our  feelings  certainly  might  dispose  us  otherwise  ;  but  these  are  not  always  to  be  studied.  Duty  must  in  no  wise  become  subservient  to  expediency.  So  with  regard  to  the  body  politic.  If  we  perceive  rank  disorders  or  chronic.  distemp  ers  ex  i  s  ti  ng  w  ithi  n  our  soc  i  a  l  system;  threatening  to  exhaust  its  energy,  poison  its  sourcos  of  life,  and  finally  destroy  its  vitality,  he  would  be  a  bad  citizen  and  a  worse  patriot  who  would  smother  his  emotions,  conceal  his  thoughts,  or  refuse  manfully  to  expose  the  mischievous  calamities  which  are  the  precursors  of  such  doleful  events.  In  discussing  social  evils  we  act  not  from  impulse  but  conviction—not  from  vanity  but  Duty,  which  WORDSWORTH  admirably  characterises  as  the  daughter  of  the  voice  of  And  although  in  our  late  articles  on  Prostitution  we  may  have  wounded  the  virtuous  susceptibilities  of  a  few,  we  know  that  we  have  likewise  called  forth  the  commendations  of  the  majority_  of  our  fellow fellowtownsmen.  townsmen. fellowtownsmen.  The  causes  which  contribute  to  female  demorali.  sation  are  manifold,  and  may  be  regarded  as  moral,  social,  and  physical.  Although  it  is  not  possible  to  step  all  the  avenues  to  this  vice,  or  neutralise  all  the  combined  agencies  at  work  to  effect  it,  nevertheless  much  might,  could,  and  should  be  done  to  stay  its  rapid  and  rabid  course,  and  render  its  consequences  less  pernicious  both  to  the  unfor unfortunate  tunate unfortunate  individuals  themselves  who  are  the  subjects  of  it,  as  well  as  to  the  entire  community,  who  are  either  directly  or  indirectly  affected  thereby.  As  medical  science  has  not  distinguished  itself  in  this  country  of  late  years,  what  a  field  of  investigation  does  this  matter  open  up  ?—one  eminently  worthy  of  patient  industry,  and  equally  calculated  to  re.  ward  genius,  and  adorn  its  brow  with  an  unfading  garland.  But  this  suggestion  we  make  en  passant.  Every  four  or  five  years  our  towns  swarm  with  a  fresh  influx  of  poor  fallen  girls,  who  in  a  short  time  will  also  disappear  to  give  place  to  others  as  Young,  as  thoughtless,  and  as  unhappy  as  themselves.  The  mortality  amongst  this  class  of  the.  community  is  frightfully  great—more  so  than  is  generally  known,  or  scarcely  would  be  accredited.  It  is  a  melancholy  fact  that  out  of  the  thousands  of  young  gay,  flaunting,  reckless  women  who  are  now  run running  ning running  their  giddy  round  of  pleasure,  the  majority  will,  within  the  next  half-dozen  years,  have  passed  into  that—  &#34;Undiscover'd  country  from  whose  bourne  No  traveller  'Tis  an  excellent  work  to  endeavour  to  restore  the  erring  and  reclaim  the  lost  Whatever  lifts  Humanity  towards  GOD  is  praiseworthy.  But  it  is  a  far  more  excellent  work,  and  a  more  essential  and  easier  duty  to  employ  preventive,  than  correc•  tive  measures.  The  one  may  not  prove  successful;  the  other  must.  We  are  of  opinion  that  the  social  causes  of  female  demoralisation  are  more  potent  than  those  of  a  moral  or  physical  character.  Nor  do  we  believe,  as  long  as  those  causes  exist,  that  any  amount  of  moral  training  would  be  effectual  in  preventing  the  spread  of  so  dire  an  evil.  Want  of  occupation  or  ineffi inefficient  cient inefficient  remuneration,  if  employed,  and  positive  des_  titution,  force  numberless  women  to  adopt  a  life  of  infamy.  We  want  such  men  as  THOMAS  HOOD  to  sing  other  songs  beside  the  Song  of  a  Shirt,  in  order  to  elicit  human  sympathy  for  overworked,  ill-paid,  and  destitute  woman!  Distress  forces  many  a  poor,  weak,  wavering  girl  to  enter  upon  a  course  of  life  which  otherwise  she  would  shrink  from,  and  against  which  all  her  womanly  instincts  would  revolt.  The  other  evening  we  happened  to  meet  with  a  miserable  young  creature--rather  good-  '  looking  and  interesting—at  the  corner  of  Lord Lordstreet,  street, Lordstreet,  who  solicited  our  charity,  even  lo  the  ex extent  tent extent  of  a  half-penny!  Upon  her  own  testimony  she  is  but  sixteen  years  of  age,  and  has  neither  father  nor  mother.  She  really  looked  'a  most  miserable  and  destitute  object,  and  we  have  little  reason  to  doubt  the  veracity  of  her  statements.  Upon  inter interrogating  rogating interrogating  her  as  to  her  position,  &amp;c.,  she  unhesi unhesitatingly  tatingly unhesitatingly  and  ingenuously  answered  to  the  best  of  leer  avinby,  ktua  (mller  gave  us  ner  address,  if  we  wished  to  become  satisfi  , STYLE=superscript  xl  as  to  her  representa representations.  tions. representations.  She  would  gladly  enter  into  service,  if  she  could  but  procure  an  engagement—but  that  is  ab absolutely  solutely absolutely  impossible,  owing  to  her  inability  to  ap  pear  in  decent  clothing.  Now,  this  girl  might  be  virtuous.  She  is  so  for  aught  we  know  ;  nay,  more,  she  looks  so.  But  if  such  be  the  case  to-day,  what  guarantee  have  we  that  such  will  be  the  case  to tomorrow  morrow tomorrow  ?  We  would  gladly  have  taken  the  trouble  to  inquire  after  her  did  our  other  duties  permit.  Such,  however,  not  being  the  case,  we  shall  be  glad  to  furnish  her  address  to  any  benevolent  indivi individual  dual individual  who  may  wish  to  rescue  so  young  a  fellow fellowcreature  creature fellowcreature  from  ruin—which  otherwise  must  even eventually  tually eventually  overtake  her.  We  confess  it  is  difficult  to  meet  every  case  ;  per perhaps  haps perhaps  it  is  impossible.  We  cannot,  however,  re refrain  frain refrain  from  observing  that  the  establishment  of  Refuges  for  homeless  or  destitute  young  women,  servants  out  of  place,  and  such,  like,  would  tend  materially  to  stem  the  tide  of  prostitution,  which  at  this  moment  threatens  to  inundate  the  land.  We  are  confident  that  for  the  one  fallen  woman  which  a  Magdalene  Asylum  may  reclaim,  .  such  Refuges  would  save  a  thousand  from  falling.  And  every  moralist  knows  that  it  is  far  more  easy  to  preserve  virtue  than  to  restore  it  when  lOst.  But  a  woman's  virtue  is  a  phoenix  that  can  expire  bui  once,  and  from  whose  ashes  there  is  no  resurrec•  THE  Free-Trade  propositions  of  the  United  States  Government  have  excited  the  attention  of  the  American  Press  ;  and  every  paragraph  in  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury's  report  has  been  re reviewed  viewed reviewed  with  the  utmost  jealousy  and  care.  Inte Interests  rests Interests  never  before  heard  of,  and  which  appear  to  be  but  very  imperfectly  understood,  have  been  brought  forward  either  in  support  or  in  direct  opposition  to  some  one  of  the  proposed  conces concessions.  sions. concessions.  From  the  New  York  Times  we  learn  that  a  Mr.  JOHN  FARELL,  of  the  firm  of  HIGGINS  AND  CO.,  of  New  York,  had  recently  had  an  interview  with  _several  members  of  the  Cabinet  relative  to  the  free  admission  into  the  United  States  of  Irish  sewed  -inuslins.  Mr.  GUTHRIE,  the  Secretary  of  the  Trea Treasury,  sury, Treasury,  is  said  to  have  promised  to  take  the  matter  into  consideration,  .and  to  have  expressed  his.  regret  that  the  facts  brought  forward  by  Mr.  FARR=  were  not  submitted  to  his  notice  before  he  had  made  his  report  to  Congress.  In  commenting  on  this  subject,  our  American  contemporaries  ran  into  an  endless  variety  of  mis mistakes.  takes. mistakes.  They  tell  us  first,  that  the  sewed  muslin,  which  is  a  Scotch  trade  and  one  that  is  far  from  remunerative  to  the  Irish  people,  is  a  branch  of  industry  which  requires  the  encouragement  of  the  American  Legislature  ;  while  they  inform  us  that  the  linen  trade  of  Ireland  is  in  the  hands  of  Eng Engglish  glish Engglish  capitalists  ;  and  as  its  benefits  are  confined  to  a  few  localities  only,  the  free  admission  of  linen  into  .  the  Union  should  be  dealt  with  in  the  most  cautious  manner,  considering  also  that  there  are  various  interests  in  Ohio  and  other  Western  States,  which  would  be  materially  injured  by  the  proposed  measure.  What  these  interests  really  are  it  would  be  diffi difficult  cult difficult  indeed  to  discover.  The  States  have  no  flax  trade,  and  do  not  cultivate  flax  for  any  other  pur purpose  pose purpose  beyond  producing  flax  seed,  and  under  a  more  perfect  and  just  system  of  trade,  Ireland  would  become  one  of  Ohio's  best  customers  for  her  seed  both  for  sowing  and  crushing  purposes.  The  New  York  seed,  as  it  is  called,  is  becoming  more  popular  every  year  in  Ireland,  and  if  it  were  shipped  at  the  proper  season,  it  would  displace  three-fourths  of  the.  Riga  and  Dutch  seeds  now  imported.  .  .  As  for  the  flax  fibre  the  Americans  cannot  dress  it  at  a  cost  which  would  enable  them  to  compete  with  the  Irish,  Belgian,  or  Egyptian  growers.  And  we  are  not  at  all  certain  that  the  fibre  itself  is  of  a  quality  sufficiently  good  to  hold  out  any.  hopes  of  success  in  this  branch  of  the  flax  trade.  It  would  be  difficult,  therefore,  for  our  contempo contemporaiies  raiies contemporaiies  to  adduce  any  really  solid  grounds  to  support  these  allegations.  And  we  may  here  observe  that  while  the  Irish  people  are  always  ready  to  acknowledge  benevolence,  come  from  whatever  _quarter  it  may,  and  while  they  esteem  philanthropy,  they  still  have  a  more  profound  regard  for  that  most  godly  attribute—justice  ;  and  when  our  American  cotemporanes  applatid  the  proposal  of  their  Government  on  the  score  of  philanthropy  towards  Ireland,  we  beg  to  remind  them  that  the  free  admission  of  American  cotton  into  the  ports  of  the  United  Kingdom  was  a  measure  which  mainly  sustained  the  American  Union,  while  it  took  from  Ireland  the  trade  best  suited  to  her  soil,  and  the  wants  and  habits  of  her  people.  To  restore  a  frag fragment  ment fragment  of  that  element  of  Ireland's  past  comfort  and  prosperity,  we  therefore  hold  it  to  be  an  act  of  justice  rather  than  a  mere  effort  of  philanthropy.  As  for  the  spinning  and  weaving  of  flax  we  are  also  inclined  to  believe  that  the  American  manufacturer  cannot  compete  with  Ireland.  Taking  the  standard  of  wages  in  the  two  countries,  the  yard  of  Irish  linen  sold  at  ls.  could  not  be  produced  under  4s.  in  America,  and  the  cultivation  of  an  acre  of  flax  which  costs  little  over  ten  pounds  in  Ireland  would  cost  forty  pounds  in  the  States.  Where,  then,  has  America  a  real  interest  in  flax.  The  object  of  the  propOsed  reform  is  to  remove  glaring  anomalies  in  the  economic  system  of  America,  and  to  bring  within  the  reach  of  her.  citizens  at  the  lowest  cost  all  those  articles  which  they  cannot  produce  for  themselves  at  a  profit,  or  with  a  positive  appearance  of  success.  And  to  attempt  to  stdltify  the  views  of  the  Government  by  an  array  of  erroneous  state statements  ments statements  is  not  very  philanthropic.  The  linen  and  flax  trade  of  Ireland  is  one,  how_  ever,  which  not  at  all  understood  on  the  other  side  of  the  Atlantic,  and  in  order  that  its  importance  to  America  may  not  be  underrated,  we  need  only  state  that  Ireland  produces  more  linen  and  . STYLE=superscript  linen  yarn  than  all  the  rest  of  Europe  put  together.  And  the  American  papers  are  wrong  when  they  state  that  the  Irish  linen  trade  is  in  the  hands  of  Englishnapitalists,  and  that  the  cultivation  of  flax  is  confined  to  a  few  counties,  and  that  therefore,  the  admission  of  linens,  duty  free,  would  be  of  no  service  to  the  people  of  Ireland.  To  answer  this  latter  point,  we  need  only  refer  to  the  government  statistics  on  the  isubject,  where  we  find  that  no  less  than  137,008  acres  of  flax  were  grown  in  Ire;  land  in  1852,  and  that  the  cultivation  of  this  valu valuable  able valuable  plant  had  been  extended  to  every  county  in  Ireland.  The  number  of  scutch  mills  employed  in  dressing  the  fibre,  are  as  follows  :  — STYLE=superscript  Leinster  ,  •  nineteen  ;  Munster,  fifteen  ;  Connaught,  six;  and  Ulster,  nine  hundred  and  sixtee  n  .  T  o  t  a  l  ,  n  i  ne  hundred  and  fifty-six.  With  this  large  •  number  of  mills,  only  one-half  of  the  flax  grow  ers  wants  are  supplied.  With  regard  to  the  spinning  mills  .being  in  the  hands  of  the  capitalists  of  England,  we  can  posi_  tively  affirm  that  the  only  English  firmin  Ireland  is  that  of  Messrs.  Chadwick,  Blundel,  and  Co.,  of  Drogheda,  and  these  gentlemen  produce  the  finest  mill  spun  flax  yarn  in  Europe,  while  the  firm  of  Murray  and  Co.,  of  WaringstoWn,  have  worked  up  the  produce  of  one  acre  of  flax,  to  the  value  of  nearly  40001.  These  important  results  have  been  attained  by  the  outlay  of  an  enormous  amount  of  capital  in  labor,  and  the  most  untiring  application  of  vast  practical  knowledge  ;  and  we  are  at  a  loss  to  conceive  why  these  two  great  elements  of  commer commercial  cial commercial  success  should  be  singled  out  as  unworthy  of  encouragement  from  the  American  Legislature.  The  proposed  modification  of  the  States  tariff,  must  have  been  designed  for  the  general  benefit  of  the  American  people,  and  unless  their  parliament  be  prepared  `to  lower  the  standard  of  wages  to  a  level  which  shall  .  enable  them  to  compete  with  the  European  cultivators  of  flax,  and  manufacturers  of  nen,  the  continuance  of  the  present  duty  of  venty-five  per  cent.  on  linen,  will  be  unjust  towards  le  Irish,  and  oppressive  towards  the  American"
