text
"SALFORD  CATTLE  MARKET.-YESTERDAY.  There  was  a  large  supply.  The  market  was  heavy,  and  some  articles  remained  unsold.  The  best  qualities  sold  well  at  full  prices.  Beasts,  1,769;  sheep,  6,200  ;  beef,  4to  6  ;  mutton,  .6  to  74;  calves,  5  to  6A-.  GLASGOW  CORN  MARKETS.----YESTERDAY.  Fresh  supplies  liberal  during  the  week.  Weather  on  the  whole  favourable.  Trade  dull,  with  however  a  slight  revival  in  the  last  few  days.  At  to-day's  market  attendance  small,  and  though  wheat  and  flour  were  held  for  full  prices,  yet  the  business  done  was  limited,  and  last  week's  rates  not  exceeded.  Barley  dull,  and  sixpence  lower.  Beans  a  small  sale,  and  in  favour  of  buyer.  Peas  without  change.  Oats  and  oatmeal  each  sixpence  cheaper,  with  little  inquiry.  DUBLIN  CORN  EXCIIA.NGE.—TUESDA.;  Nov.  15.  There  was  but  a  moderate  supply  of  home-grown  grain  at  market  to-day,  and  a  considerable  portion  in  very  bad  condition.  Although  we  do  not  alter  our  quotations  of  Friday  last,  the  market  was  rather  sharper  for  the  best  qualities  of  wheat  and  barley.  Middling  and  inferior  descriptions  of  everything  met  a  very  dull  sale.  Nothing  doing  in  Indian  corn.  White  wheat,  38s  Gd  to  42s  ;  red  ditto,  36s  to  40s;  barley,  16s  to  20s  ;  bere,  Iss  to  16s  ;  oats,  white,  13s  6d  to  15s  6d;  ditto  tawny,  12s  to  14s  ;  rapeseed,  27s  Gd  to  29s  6d;  oatmeal,  14s  6d  to  16s;  bakers'  flour,  22s  to  265;  Indian  corn,  480  lbs,  40s  to  45s  6d.  A  Cabinet  Council  was  held  at  the  Foreign  Office  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  at  half-past  two.  THE  UNIVERSAL  ELECTRIC  TELEGRAPH  COMPANY.—A  prospectus  has  been  issued  of  a  new  company,  The  Uni Universal  versal Universal  Electric  Telegraph  which  proposes  to  effect  a  further  material  reduction  of  charge,  by  using  the  improvements  recently  patented  by  Mr.  J.  W.  Wilkins.  It  is  proposed  to  convey  a  message  between  any  p  o  i  n  t  o  f  th  e  company's  line,  which  is  to  be  extended  throughout  the  United  Kingdom,  for  an  uniform  charge  of  6d  per  message  of  20  words,  and  one-halfpenny  for  each  word  extra.  The  proposed  capital  is  £300,000.,  in  £2.  shares.  .  ,  POSTAGE  OF  PRINTED  BOOKS  TO  THE  EAST  INDIES,  NEW  SOUTH  WALES,  &amp;c.—The  following  notice  has  been  issued  by  the  General  Post  Office  In  consequence  of  the  great  difficulty  and  expense  attending  the  transmission  of  heavy  packages  across  the  Isthmus  of  Suez,  it  has  become  neces necessary  sary necessary  to  rescind  the  regulations  under  which  printed  books,  magazines,  reviews,  and  pamphlets  addressed  to  the  East  Indies,  Ceylon,  Mauritius,  and  New  South  Wales,  are  at  present  forwarded  via  Egypt,  and  to  restrict  the  conveyance  of  such  becks,  &amp;c.,  to  the  direct  mail-packets  proceeding  to  those  Places.  In  future,  therefore,  u  a  i  l  u  l  bong  and  m  ot  a  b  u  n:  2  •  rams,  intended  to  be  forwarded  through  the  post,  under  the  privileges  of  the  colonial  book  post,  will  be  conveyed  by  the  contract  mail-packets,  via  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope,  leaving  Plymouth  on  the  15th  of  each  month;  and  books,  &amp;c.,  for  New  South  Wales,  will  be  sent  by  the  contract  packetsdes-  P&#34;'&#34;'  - STYLE=superscript  .&#34;'&#34;'&#34;VT,angle.  in  go  months  of  the  sailing  of  which  notice  is  issuea  irom  tn  postage  on  books  for  the  above-mentioned  British  colonies  and  possessions,  and  the  regulations  for  their  conveyance,  will  remain  as  heretofore,  with  the  exception  of  the  restric restriction  tion restriction  as  to  route  laid  down  iu  this  A  CHOLERA  PATIENT  HEARTLESS  TREAT TREATMENT  MENT TREATMENT  BY  RELATIVES.—An  inquest  was  held  at  London,  on  Tuesday,  before  Mr.  Baker,  coroner,  on  the  body  of  a  woman  named  Mary  Bryant,  who  had  died  from  cholera..  The  deceased  was  the  wife  of  an  industrious  labourer,  who  occupied  a  damp  room  in  a  densely  populated  district,  where  a  great  number  of  persons  had  died  frem  cholera.  The  evidence  adduced  at  the  inquest  disclosed  most  un unnatural  natural unnatural  conduct  on  the  part  of  certain  relatives  of  the  deceased.  It  appears  that,  on  Friday  last  the  deceased  was  seized  with  cramp  in  the  legs,  sickness  and  diarrhem  Her  feet  were  placed  in  a  warm  bath,  and  she  was  afterwards  put  to  bed.  Her  husband  came  home,  and,  on  finding  her  in  a  dangerous  condition,  gave  the  attendants  10s.  to  pro procure  cure procure  food,  firing,  and  medical  aid.  The  son  also  pledged  his  coat  for  55.,  and  a  clergyman  who  was  called  in,  gave  them  2s.  more,  making  a  total  of  175.,  the  w  h  o  l  e  o  f  w  hi  c  h  the  sister  and  mother  of  the  deceased  took  away,  although  there  was  not  a  particle  of  food  in  the  house,  or  nourishment  for  the  deceased  or  her  children.  They  were  afterwards  found  rolling  about  in  a  state  of  beastly  intoxication  in  a  public-house  in  the  neighbourhood,  and,  when  asked  for  some  cash  by  the  dereased's  daughter,  it  was  ascertained  that  the  money  had  been  squandered  away.  A  surgeon  was  called,  and  after  seeing  the  deceased,  gave  a  mixture.  Tho  drunken  mother  and  sister  afterwards  came  into  the  room,  and  when  spoken  to  about  the  money,  ill-used  the  deceased  in  a  shameful  manner,  and  it  required  some  force  to  eject  them.  The  deceased  was  supplied  with  a  little  warm  brandy  by  Mr.  Morgan,  a  publican,  but  she  gradually  sunk,  and  died  on  Saturday  morning,  at  two  o'clock.  Mr.  Baker  said  he  had  never  heard  of  so  gross  a  case  of  brutality  during  the  whole  of  the  thirty  years  he  had  been  a  coroner.  Unfor Unfortunately,  tunately, Unfortunately,  however,  the  evidence  would  not  warrant  a  verdict  of  manslaughter.  The  jury  therefore  found  one  of  cholera  ;  but  at  their  request,  the  two  female  drunkards  were  called  into  the  room,  and  received  a  severe  reprimand  from  the  coroner.  MYSTERIOUS  DISAPPEARANCE  OP  THE  TOWN  CLERK  OP  NEWBURY.—Much  surprise  has  been  excited  amongst  the  inhabitants  of  Newbury,  by  the  somewnat  sudden  dis disappearance.of  appearance.of disappearance.of  their  tows  clerk.  It  appears  that  Mr.  Henry  Bunny,  the  gentleman  alluded  to,  is  the  son  of  a  Mr.  Jere  Bunny,  who  has  for  a  great  many  years  held  a  most  respectable  position  in  the  town  as  a  solicitor.  It  has  been  for  some  time  suspected  that  the  town  clerk's  pecu pecuniary  niary pecuniary  affairs  were  in  an  unsatisfactory  state.  Special  attention  was  directed  to  the  circumstance  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  information  which  reached  the  ears  of  some  of  the  townspeople  that  Mr.  Bunny  had  engaged  a  shepherd  and  a  bailiff  to  proceed  with  him  to  New  Zealand.  As  soon  as  this  became  generally  known,  Mr.  Bunny  dis disappeared,  appeared, disappeared,  and  all  attempts  to  capture  him  have  been  ineffectual.  Some  of  the  creditors  sent  a  special  mes messsenger  ssenger messsenger  to  Plymouth,  in  order  to  ascertain  whether  he  was  on  board  a  vessel  called  the  Duke  of  Portland,  about  pro proceeding  ceeding proceeding  to  New  Zealand.  The  messenger  found  Mrs.  Bunny  and  her  children  there,  but  the  absconding  town  clerk  could  not  be  traced,  although  a  suspicion  still  prevails  in  the  town  that  he  was  on  board  at  the  time,  attired  in  female's  clothes.  On  Saturday  a  letter  was  received  from  Mr.  henry  Bunnr,  addressed  to  the  mayor  of  Newbury,  giving  in  his  resinali  ion  of  the  town  clerkship,  as  well  as  three  other  offices  which  he  held,  namely  the  clerkship  to  the  local  board  of  health,  the  clerkship  to  the  justices,  and  the  clerkship  to  the  commis commismissioners  missioners commismissioners  of  taxes.  At  the  same  time  a  letter  was  received  from  Mr.  Jeremiah  Bunny,  the  father,  stating  his  belief  that  his  son  would  never  again  volunt  ar  il  y  appear  i  n  New Newbury,  bury, Newbury,  and  expressing  his  deep  regret  at  what  had  occurred.  It  is  said  that  the  town  clerk's  defalcations  have  a  r  i  sen  from  undue  speculation."
