text
"I\i  - STYLE=superscript  E  RIC  A.  i  a  eo  tos  li  A STYLE=superscript  RRIVAL  OF  THE  1 STYLE=superscript  /  4  e  i4British  and  *North  American  royal  mail  steamer  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  1  1  ,,'  C  a STYLE=superscript  ptainJudkins,  arrived  in  the  Mersey  yester yesterd:7inig  d:7inig yesterd:7inig  at  half-past  seven  o'clock,  after  a  passage  of  }B, STYLE=superscript  from  N  ew  York,  having  left  that  port  at  nine  '  the  morning  of  the  30th  ult.  By  her  we  have  er  ur  usual  files  of  papers  and  correspondence,  which  tt STYLE=superscript  lqa  later  th  an  those  previously  received.  A STYLE=superscript  merican  steamer  Atlantic,  from  this  'port,  arrived  ~i  7  \i'  York  a  t  four  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  the  29th  t STYLE=superscript  4 STYLE=superscript  advices  to  the  16th.  She  experienced  very  bad  k  r STYLE=superscript  , STYLE=superscript  4  the  voyage.  4,7  4  4 STYLE=superscript  abia  has  brought  home  122  passengers,  and  It  4  l STYLE=superscript  /  4  dollars  in  specie.  r'44l,ktN-  .  steamer  City  of  Glasgow,  which  sailed  hence  t STYLE=superscript  h  ult.,  reached  Pniladelithia  on  the  26th.  'lmo  day,  at  Philadelphia,  the  tow-boat  Thomas  'Ao  and  capsized  a  small  boat  containing  a  arsons,  going  out  to  the  emigrant  ship  l'us l'us'arrived,  'arrived, l'us'arrived,  opposite  Race-street.  Some  six  or  who  were  'in  the  boat  are  supposed  to'  have  Bavaria,  Captain  Bailey,  had  arrived  at  New  Melbourne  in  88  days.  Bhe  lest  Port  Philip  same  day  as  the  _lndian  Queen,  and  therefore  are  not  later  than  those  already  received  in  this  'le  has  brought  the  first  shipment  of  gold  direct  ne  to  New  York,  amounting  to  120,000,  con  .essrs.  Adams  and  Co.,  express  agents,  New  been  but  little  chang  3  in  the  markets  for  bread bread'd  'd bread'd  b  usiuess  had  been  done  without  change  *prices,  :e  was  an  upward  tendency.  The  stock  uu  hand  cited,  and  hence  holders  evinced  bid  little  dis diseffect  effect diseffect  sales.  There  was  an  active  demand  for  remittance  by  the  Arabia,  and  the  quotations  'ere  firm  at  109  k  to,  110,  the  greater  portion  As  being  done  at  the  latter  figure.  The  money  kt  4 STYLE=superscript  s  easier,  and  hi  consequence  there  was  a  better  k,,,,  t(.  the  stock  market.  The  failure  of  Philo.Shelton  '  i  k'tij  i  ,  i  ll STYLE=superscript  is  announced.  The  liabilities  are  set  down  at  6  41  7  ° STYLE=superscript  .  Considerable  returns  are  expected  from  Australia  ,Ik  ur STYLE=superscript  ala,  OtislLWeed.agent  of  the  Wenham  Lake  t  A  S„,t'ally,  who  it  is  said,  Las  sailed  for  Australia,  has  Vtit  , STYLE=superscript  s  behind  him  to  the  amount  of  from  650,000  to  Nearly  one-half  of  which  is  to  the  company.  l'  k  ,  1 STYLE=superscript  400  of  the  Bank  of  British  North  America,  reported  kt,,t  t  PU,  as  stolen  at  St.  John,  New  Brunswick  AV  -Le  property  of  the  bank,  but.  of  a  private  1  L  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  1  4,!  , STYLE=superscript  and  have  since  been  recovered.  0)  ,,,th  of  Mr.  Russell  .11..  Nevins,  at  his  house,  in  tOts  ti  -e STYLE=superscript  c)  had  been.  announced.  lie  was  the  head  of  thi.,  t  h  At  t  ,  - STYLE=superscript  .  u  tl STYLE=superscript  gouse  of  Nevins,  Townsend  &amp;  Co.  Mr.  kathu  l  :,'  auother  of  the  partners,  died  some  months  ago.  .t.  had  retired  from  active  business  in  Wail Wailii!'le  ii!'le Wailii!'le  , STYLE=superscript  s  -(4  4  0444s1Zercial  list  says,  business  generally  is  about  as  'O  N  'tat,  at  this  dull  period  of  tae  season.  There  is  i  a STYLE=superscript  bsence  of  speculation  throughout  the  ordinary  4 STYLE=superscript  t  otilti  t  tr  ade)  an  d  bus  i  ness  was  rare  ly,  if  ev  er  ,  co  n  duct  e  d  /I.  choler  basis  than  at  present,  and  the  mercantile  classes,  ,  44  tt  ity  )  Lit  is  believed,  are  now  in  a  better  position  4 STYLE=superscript  Of  ti  '  L  haVe  been  at  any  period  during  the  fall.  The  01  ;  ly  b  '  a STYLE=superscript  vY  payments  is  over,  and  the  money  market  is  Nte,  c STYLE=superscript  cung  easier,  consequent  upon  the  liquidations  4  kie  s  i  geraents  heretofore  involving  the  outlay  of  large  t STYLE=superscript  at  e,,eaPltal.  Thus,  we  see  large  sums  offered  in  tue  ar  e  ,:  0  14 STYLE=superscript  Paratively  low  rates  of  interest,  and  invest investtli(.,  tli(., investtli(.,  n  ,  trout  in  bonds  and  mortgages,  which  has.  not  .  t  iliZ  e STYLE=superscript  e  for  some  mouths  past.  The  banks  i  1  ,  ,  ,,  a  ,  v1.-i  nt  :  ase  q)  ttle  olltractiopsp  .  en  a  1)  (  a STYLE=superscript  i  li STYLE=superscript  to  d STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  m  h STYLE=superscript  e  e STYLE=superscript  e  ir STYLE=superscript  t  toe  wants  01  6 STYLE=superscript  their  CILf CILf-4teis,',',k;t%  4teis,',',k;t% CILf-4teis,',',k;t%  y STYLE=superscript  are STYLE=superscript  i  :  k STYLE=superscript  ;ling  exchange  has  again  slightly  tue  a  rr  . STYLE=superscript  ;„  ,  -;'„.  probable  increased  shipments  of  gold,  er,  tra  - STYLE=superscript  z  a STYLE=superscript  `  B STYLE=superscript  .7  01  0.  Caiiforiiiit  continue  large,  and  the  X  t  il  l  ,  wthen  sans  to-clay,  takes  out  only  about  ,°ll  of  uoliars,  which  is  considerably  less  titan  had  Yv  b  een  anticipated.  64 STYLE=superscript  '  York  lima  states  that  it  has  reason  to  believe  i  bject  of  building  a  railway  to  the  Pacific,  is  about  t  il STYLE=superscript  hP  in  New  x  ork  under  individual  auspices  of  ;  4  •N  t  commercial  and  financial  stauding,  and  by  men  k,,:  l STYLE=superscript  ,,  6 STYLE=superscript  'tanue  and  ability,  who  will  at  once  command  4,  ,t.  k  4  1  a9kl.  confidence  ,  of  teem  goverame3d4,  and,  baoa  jale.  Y•54  4  ,  (1 STYLE=superscript  la  the  way  of  private  subscriptions.  i;  i  t  :,  lions  Bangor  say  the  navigation,.  is  closed'  tin  e STYLE=superscript  i  u STYLE=superscript  anchor  . STYLE=superscript  ice  with  tue  surface  ice  making'  aau STYLE=superscript  Nl,l  91 STYLE=superscript  '  et  several  feet  in  thickness.  TaLre  are  from  yr'its  , STYLE=superscript  011ty  vessels,  enclosed  in  the  ice,  besides  the  44„  -Ija STYLE=superscript  ,  nz STYLE=superscript  el  Webster,  of  Boston,  and  Eusteirn  State.-  ,  1,-  4  umeats  made  en  attempt  on  Sunday,  to  force  ki,1,,,Y  through,.  but  abandoned  it,  and  returned  to  '.  4  44 STYLE=superscript  'es•  The  ice  obstruction  extends  . STYLE=superscript  about  five  tit  of  f  „  c STYLE=superscript  ontract  has  been  made  this  morning  with  the  i,:  L  l STYLE=superscript  owners  and  Colonel  John  Goddard'  st  .- STYLE=superscript  uunnitig  to  cut  a  channel  and  get  out  the  lob  Per  ton,  which  will  amount  to  about  $14,000.  ) STYLE=superscript  itiil  04  t  ,  last  about  seven  days,  and  the  railroad  force  1 STYLE=superscript  40  .  4  41 STYLE=superscript  1  ed  to  the  removal  of  tile  ice.  ''&#34;  '  k,!,  4  ~ottrcu  i  Gazette  says  a  very  large  amnia  of  ton tonk;;Ll  k;;Ll tonk;;Ll  lc,  t  ',L.,h\v  lying  in  Montreal,  and  in  the  Beauharnois  ‘,ll4ls4`lper  from  sea  is  now  stopped.  Goods  are  ,_ll  . STYLE=superscript  ..,i,&amp;g  from  sea  for  above.  had  arrived  at  tie,  \4 STYLE=superscript  lj,  4 STYLE=superscript  .  .Aitchell,  the  Irish  &#34;felon;'  °l  . STYLE=superscript  l%l  l  Q STYLE=superscript  t.  ' STYLE=superscript  s  ,  \ STYLE=superscript  ‘‘  the  steamer  Prometheus  from  &amp;in  Francisco.  Ti  i  ,  lc STYLE=superscript  h  ivi  I  've STYLE=superscript  ,  l STYLE=superscript  ,,it  hearty  and  enthusiastic  reception,  a  report  t STYLE=superscript  tit  „:  advi  r  ,'  be  found  iu  another  column.  .  S  i  .',  tha  t  - STYLE=superscript  '  8 STYLE=superscript  from  Washington  do  not  add  much  of  lute lute%  % lute%  k  Ne  P;  Previously  known.  The  Herald's  correspondent  ‘li  t  u  e  8  i  rja  '  Nd  eJaL'  s  message  is  said  to  be  completed.  it  N  is  car  i  n  tone  to  the  inaugural,  as  far  as  our  foreign  *  , STYLE=superscript  it  rei  i  ,  tc STYLE=superscript  ;_tleerned.  It  will  emphasize  the  compromise  W STYLE=superscript  l  i  ,litl  l  4,'  N STYLE=superscript  'ujeli  the  President  on  ail  occasions  avows  as  his  kk,,  ti  ue  r  e  „'ark.  In  this  respect  a  singular  state  of  'facts  44.,,..44  ''„  r STYLE=superscript  esented.  While  the  compromise  measures  are  Into  tope  text  book,  the  administration  has  managed  to  I)  i;  to  4 STYLE=superscript  e  men  who  fought  the  compromise  battle,  and  to  kt  tt  4 STYLE=superscript  i  o  „,  Power  its  bitterest  enemies.  Not  to  Jefferson  IliY  Of  the  Henry  Clay  and  Lewis  Cass  have  entrusted  the  04  ;  4 STYLE=superscript  e  compromise  measures,  nor  would  they  have  SL  4l STYLE=superscript  lli  ti  v  ;John  Van  Buren  as  the  champion  to  guard  them.  rt  v  tr:  i  its  friends  assert  that  the  opposition  to  the  ,N'4,  4  ,  -.1011 STYLE=superscript  will  amount  to  nothing,  because  they  do  not  N'te  ki  f  Person  will  be  found  to  lead  it.  Of  the  mem mem-1.0  -1.0 mem-1.0  41  assembled  here,  however,  more  than  two-thirds  ~,,  l STYLE=superscript  ttt,,,  4° STYLE=superscript  {  llace  - STYLE=superscript  the  policy  pursued  by  Marcy  and  Guthrie.  nzt,illq.  from  Washington,  dated  the  29th  ult.,  says  :—I  1 STYLE=superscript  /  4  tiSi,  received  highly  important  information  on  tue  sub sub,t:,,llegotiation  ,t:,,llegotiation sub,t:,,llegotiation  between  the  United  States  and  Great  ,Pea  °Pecting  the  Fisheries,  Reciprocity,  ace.  A  treaty  \  4 STYLE=superscript  6  ')),1  all  adjustment  of  all  these  subjects  was  agreed  4:  - STYLE=superscript  L  1 STYLE=superscript  (1k  Marcy  and  Mr.  Crampton,  and  was  sent  to  1  1  ritl  i  Ut  seven  days  ago.  It  is  supposed  that  it  will  k.  t  il  '  k  eh  tetire  approbation  thL  re.  iNt,  414 STYLE=superscript  .,  ;  et STYLE=superscript  al  terms  of  the  treaty  are  sufficiently  well-known  I  t  ;  to  ~e STYLE=superscript  to  say  that,  the  treaty  concedes  American  Re Reth:rie  th:rie Reth:rie  p  r STYLE=superscript  ovincial  vessels,  and  also  allows  them  the  coast coastren,.  ren,. coastren,.  the  United  States..  ir  2 STYLE=superscript  'll:  l  ,  ,''Y  provides  for  the  free  interchange  of  wheat,  In In,lo  ,lo In,lo  44revisions  of  all  kinds,  agricultural  products  ge gekiiihtqfitLtcilltural  kiiihtqfitLtcilltural gekiiihtqfitLtcilltural  implements,  &amp;c.  A  general  interchange  IFit  ui  ‘  tt STYLE=superscript  f  e STYLE=superscript  l,:  sin  fine,  provided  for.  .We  are  to  obtain  tue  '  i  ,  ' STYLE=superscript  a  i  e STYLE=superscript  „.`  t STYLE=superscript  Oln  of  the  fisheries,  and  a  market  for  our  own  t'''t  it  tt  l  ii;:ldsome  otherproducts,  particularly  implements  tat,,tq  ll  e•  k  Nc  i  :  ia  4  Y  to  be  feared  that  our  Protectives  will  oppose  the  N,,  t  , STYLE=superscript  44,  1.  th STYLE=superscript  e  ground  of  its  granting  registers  to  colonial  file  athnittin  them  to  our  .  coasting  trade.  But  the  .111,0,4)„,:rkbiks  free  trade  are  yet  to  conquer.  -  Sea  lie  ar  S  ultana  from  Smyrna  for  Boston,  has  been  t  i  l  let,,  the  latter  city.  Martin  KoSzta  was  among  her  e  k  •  Vlit  6 STYLE=superscript  slatu  ki,  tt  v  res  of  the  various  States  were  fast  assembling  d  t  it),  by  thetil'a  dispatch  of  business,  and  the  messages  ea ear,  r, ear,  'i  (  ,  s STYLE=superscript  t  th  :'  various  governors  generally  give  a  favourable  'f.t  . STYLE=superscript  11th  eir  t  , STYLE=superscript  1),,,'  (L'  ar  ,  Progress  and  present  condition.  The  governor,  l  4 STYLE=superscript  c4`  W  a  ,  :  1131 STYLE=superscript  a  states,  that  the  funned  debt  on  the  Ist  of  t'lktii„  l  l  b  n  8 STYLE=superscript  70,986,  and  the  assets  64,175,542  ;  t STYLE=superscript  bl STYLE=superscript  ish  eri STYLE=superscript  P  tia STYLE=superscript  a  of  6750,000  to  the  Buie  Ridge  railroad,  kilti  4 STYLE=superscript  tor  il  m.e STYLE=superscript  01 STYLE=superscript  a  board  of  education,  and  the  appoint-  Vttp  4 STYLE=superscript  tic  h  ,  Ill STYLE=superscript  tssiehers  of  public  instruction.  Relative  to  ,hNi;  it  i`  of  bound  ar  y  with  Georgia;  he  recommends  sub  - STYLE=superscript  Oit  a  li:  t STYLE=superscript  he  decision  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  1,,q,,  t  )  e,.  s STYLE=superscript  h  ays  the  cases  of  Manuel  Perrera  and  Reuben  Otk  di  thei  r  ltl.  seamen,  are  settled,  and  adds  that  the  con con/itiks4iititsw,s  /itiks4iititsw,s con/itiks4iititsw,s  British  government  in  the  latter  .  stage  of  the  .  %  itt  t  ,ato  r  ,  s  S.  .  entirely  proper  and  respectful  es  to  claim  t  Pirit  in  the  legislature  on  the  subject;  in-  Itl  ti  t STYLE=superscript  -114-te  p  r  ° STYLE=superscript  the  French  Consular  Convention,  in  refe-  G  t  ,  4  l  l STYLE=superscript  o  rt  s  by  Gist  each  holding  real  estate  iu  Carolina,  and  il  t  t STYLE=superscript  4  'ot  i  pte  ng  that  it  is  well  known  that  the  legislature  t  i  o  t  °lltl  i  hguished  head  of  the  nation  as  a  fair  expo expokiL4),.  kiL4),. expokiL4),.  ,N  tt  .,,!.trOlilla  principles,  disregarding  all  local  Ws Wsieke,,ell,  ieke,,ell, Wsieke,,ell,  0  7  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  0 STYLE=superscript  hs  for  emoluments  or  spoils  of  office.  k  i  ,`F  r  lro  k  t  ',  Texas,  in  speaking  of  the  construction  of  a  i  ll  ll STYLE=superscript  ‘l  ti  t.e  t STYLE=superscript  tl  icy  oue STYLE=superscript  Mississippi  river  to  El  Paso  - STYLE=superscript  ,  says  :  VI  ti  l STYLE=superscript  i  tle  t  i  v  v STYLE=superscript  ra  knowledge  of  the  country,  and  from  in-  ph  b,  tl  from  the  most  reliable  sources,  lam  con-  N  i  ll,i  , STYLE=superscript  ,  or  , STYLE=superscript  Bao.r  the  best  track  will  be  found  to  be  from  Sq(li,  (1r  et  me  other  point  below,  on  the  Mississippi,  N  t  ;  ii  t  4 STYLE=superscript  Nl  IA  :  about  the  thirty-second  degree  of  north  Itatice  i  n  s STYLE=superscript  „hltig  .  that  line  to  El  Paso,  or  its  neighbour neighbour‘  ‘ neighbour‘  „,,„,1  the  direction  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  head  waters  of  the  G'ial  e  same  by  the  most  practicable  route,  to  )00f  rice  7  9  ,oto  San  Diego,  on  the  Pacific.  This  is  the  route  that  nature  in indicates  dicates indicates  by  features  so  apparent  that  neither  party  bias  nor  sectional  interests  can  conceal  them.  Even  in  the  most  rigorous  winters  there  would  be  no  snows  nor  ice  sufficient  to  delay  or  obstruct  the  progress  of  completing  the  road,  or  at  any  time  to  interrupt  its  regular  communication  ;  nearly  the  entire  route,  but  particularly  that  portion  between  the  Mississippi  and  the  Rio  Grande,  would  pass  through  a  mild  and  genial  climate,  over  a  country  level,.  or  gently  undulating,  and  rich  and  beautiful  as  any  on  the  North  American  continent.  With  the  great  advantages  thus  afforded  her  by  nature,  would  it  not  be  a  species  of  madness  on  the  part  of  Texas  to  disregard  her  rich  boon,  and  allow  the  opportunity  to  pass  by  without  using  every  exertion  to  accomplish  an  enterprise  more  stupendous  in  its  results  than  any  which  has  hitherto  engaged  the  attention  of  _  - STYLE=superscript  Nothing  inure  is  needed  to  secure  the  construction  of  the  road  through  the  limits  of  the  state  than  a  liberal  donation  of  the  public  domain  to  any  responsible  company.  The  governor  is  of  opinion  that  the  project  is  strictly  constitu constitutional.  tional. constitutional.  Of  other  and  more  local  schemes  of  railroad  con connection,  nection, connection,  the  message  says  :  I  would  advise  you  to  foster  and  encourage,  by  every  legitimate  and  proper  means,  the  railroad  enterprises  already  or  hereafter  to  be  chartered,  with  the  view  of  con connecting  necting connecting  the  interior  of  our  state  with  the  gulf  coast,  I  wish  you  to  Understand  that  the  recommendation  is  confined  solely  to  such  roads  as  commence  and  terminate  at  judicious  points  —to  such  as  will  be  of  manifest  utility,  and  for  the  completion  of  which  the  most  satisfactory  assurances  may  be  The  governor  of  Alabama  delivered  a  message  of  such  length  that  even  the  Alabama  papers  are  reluctant  in  giving  it  entire.  It  is,  nevertheless,  able  and  well  written,  and  gives  an  interesting  detail  of  the  affairs  of  the  state.  The  governor  renews  his  former  proposition  in  relation  to  the  government  lands  lying  within  the  state.  These  lands  ought  to  be  granted  to  the  state,  he  says,  and  recommends  the  legislature  to  take  steps  to  bring  the  matter  before  congress.  If  the  grant  were  made  it  might  be  used  for  the  benefit  of  works  of  internal  improvement.  Tinder  the  head  of  banks  various  suggestions  are  made,  the  chief  of  which  is  that  to  relieve  the  demand  for  change,  and  supply  the  absence  of  small  coin.  The  banks  should  be  authorised,  if  it  be  the  will  of  the  people,  to  issue  to  a  limited  extent  bills  of  a  less  denomination  than  five  dollars.  A  considerable  space  is  occupied  in  relation  to  the  Pacific  railroad.  The  plan  of  giving  aid  by  the  general  .govern .government,  ment, .government,  through  grants  of  lands,  is  approved.  The  outstanding  debt  of  the  state  is  about  $4,500,000.  The  governor  notices  that  the  credit  of  the  state  stands  high,  and  its  stock  is  sought  for  by  capitalists  as  a  safe  and  reliable  investment.  In  relation  to  a  surplus  in  the  national  treasury,  over  and  above  the  wants  of  the  government,  he  thinks  the  money  may  be  loaned  with  safety  to  railroad  companies,  on  proper  security.  In  relation  to  slaves  and  their  sale  under  execution,  the  governor  says  :  —The  code  very  properly  provides  that  slave  children  of  tender  years  shall,  at,  judicial  and  other  sales,  be  offered  with  their  mothers,  where  the  defendant  in  execution,  &amp;c.,  is  the  owner  both  of  the  mother  and  children;  and  that  at  such  sales  slaves  must  be  offered,  and,  if  practicable,  sold  in  families.  But  it  is  allowable  for  either  of  the  parties  in  interest  to  impair,  to  a  .  great  extent,  these  very  salutary  enactments.  These  provisions,  in  my  judgment,  should  be  absolute,  at  least  as  it  respects  mothers  and  children  of  ten  years  of  age  and  under,  and  husband  and  wife,  where  the  latter  relation  is  admitted  by  the  owner  of  the  slaves.  These  are  relations  which  moral  duty  requires  us  to  respect,  and  it  can  be  no  violation  of  policy  to  conform  municipal  law  to  good  morals.  It  is  universally  conceded  that  slaves  are  reasonable  beings—with  the  moral  feelings,  it  is  true,  often  obtuse,  but  susceptible  of  improvement.  The  husband  and  wife  generally  cherish  affection  for  each  other,  and  the  mutual  attachment  of  mother  and  child  is  unusually  strong.  The  mother  is  not  always  a  wise  counsellor,  but  she  must  be  presumed  to  be  the  most  constant  and  sincere  the  child  has.  Let,  then,  the  latter  enjoy  this  parental  oversight  during  childhood,  that  it  may  be  the  better  prepared,  by  good  principles  and  industrious  habits,  to  act  its  part  afterwards.  The'propriety  of  exempting  slaves  from  execution,  either  to  a  partial  or  unlimited  extent,  is  a  question  of  expediency  merely—an  excess  of  credit  is  certainly  a  great  evil  in  this  State,  often  prejudicial  to  the  interest  of  the  debtor,  occa occasionally  sionally occasionally  so  to  the  creditor—injurious  to  public  morals,  and  productive  of  much  suffering  in  families.  So  far,  then,  as  such  a  measure  may  affect  credit,  it.is  not  very  objectionable.  It  is  entirely  easy  for  the  owner  of  slaves  or  other  property,  to  withdraw  it  from  liability  to  creditors,  by  a  gift  made  in  good  faith  to  his  wife  or  children  when  he  was  free  from  debt,  though  he  afterwards  retain  possession  and  become  in indebted.  debted. indebted.  1  , STYLE=superscript  4  othwithsiauding  such  a  gift,  the  donor  is  usually  permitted  to  enjoy  a  portion  of  the  income  derived  from  the  property,  if  necessary  to  his  personal  support.  The  pur purchase  chase purchase  of  an  exemption  of  slaves  from  execution,  by  causing  their  names  to  be  registered  with  the  probate  judge,  will  but  substantially  effect  the  same  purpose,  and  is  certainly  nut  more  iirejudical  to  credit  and  the  rigiita  of  creditor.  The  relation  of  master  and  slave  is  certainly  an  interest interesting  ing interesting  one—the  severance  of  which  is  always  painful  to  the  grateful  and  considerate  master  and  the  dutiful  and  grate grateful  ful grateful  servant.  Our  interest  in  slaves  cannot  be  regarded  in  all  respects  similar  to  that  we  enjoy  in  mere  beasts  or  in inanimate  animate inanimate  chattels.  This  is  indicated  by  the  provision  which  so  many  masters  are,  making  for  their  moral  iinproiement,  as  well  as  the  severe  penalty  by  which  our  legislative  acts  endeavor  to  enforce  their  humane  treatment.  Whap  effect  the  measure  referred  to  would  have  upon  the  institution  of  slavery  at  home,  I  am  nut  prepared  to  say.  Whether  public  sentiment  demands  or  would  approve  it,  coming  directly  from  the  people,  you  will  be  able  to  deter determine.  mine. determine.  No  enactment  of  such  political  importance  should  be  passed  without  an  assurance  that  popular  opinion  will  sustain  it,  lest  by  reaction  injurious  consequences  may  re result.  sult. result.  The  mortality  on  board  emigrant  ships  at  sea  continues  to  a  very  alarming  extent.  The  reports  contained  in  the  papers  now  to  hand,  are  really  appalling.  Between  the  26th  and  30th  ult.,  the  packet-ship  George  Hulbert  had  arrived  at  New  York  from  Havre.  She  left  that  port  with  615  passengers,  75  of  whom  died  during  the  voyage.  The  ship  .Rochambeau,  from  Liverpool,  had  arrived  at  New  York,  and  during  the  voyage  she  lost  eleven  of  her  passengers.  She  had  416  on  board  when  she  left  this  port.  The  5i1.48  Green Greenman,  man, Greenman,  from  Liverpool,  lost  twenty-seven  during  the  passage.  The  Helvetia,  from  Havre,  lost  may  two.  The  packet-ship  New  World  left  this  port  with  754  passengers,  but  on  her  arrival  at  New  York  she  had  only  679—seventy-five  having  died  during  the.  passage.  The  Marathon,  from  Liverpool,  lost  sixty-tour  out  of  522,  with  which  she  sailed  from  this  port.  We  give  in  another  column  a  list  of  the  names  of  the  passengers  who  havedied  at  sea  on  board  these  ships;  but  we  may  notice  here  one  important  fact,  as  stated  in  the  New  York  Commercial  Advertiser,  which  tends  to  show  that  this  fearful  mortality  is  not  the  result  of  any  bad  ventilation  or  overcrowding  of  emigrant  ships,  as  is  generally  supposed.  It  appears  that  the  deaths  occur  during  the  early  part  of  the  voyage,  and  that  during  the  latter  part,  generally  good  health  prevails.  Our  New  York  contemporary  says  :—The  ship  Marathon,  Tyler,  arrived  this  morning  from  Liverpool,  after  a  passage  of  59  days.  She,  has  lost  64  of  her  passengers  during  the  passage.  The  first  death  occurred  on  the  day  Capt.  Tyler  left  Liverpool,  and  the  sickness  continued  until  the  ship  had  been  fifteen  days  at  sea.  Since  that  time  the  passengers  have  enjoyed  comparative  health.  The  Marathon  had  522  passengers.  In  reference  to  the  New  World,  he  says  :  When  Capt.  Knight  left  Liverpool  he  had  on  board  his  ship  754  passengers,  and  brought  into  port  679,  seventy-five  having  died  on  the  passage,  of  cholera.  Three  died  while  at  anchor  in  the  Mersey,  and  from  that  day  until  the  I2th  lust.,  it  assumed  a  very  malignant  type,  and  raged  with  vekt.  vinlPneA.  Since  the  12th  thr,e  has  been  only  one  new  case,  although  several  previously  attacked,  died.  •  About  two twothirds  thirds twothirds  of  the  dead  were  Germans.  Accounts  which  had  reached  Boston  from  Charlottetown,  Prince  Edward  Island,  reports,  that  a  new  barque  built  there,  which  sailed  about  twelve  days  agO  for  Liverpool,  was  totally  wrecked  when  only  three  days  out  on  the  voyage.  She  was  fully  insured  in  New  York.  Name  not  given.  The  Cineinnatti  Gazette  gives  the  following  account  of  the  loss  of  100.000  dollars  worth  of  property  by  fire  in  that  city.  About  one  o'clock  on  Thursday  afternoon,  tire  was  discover-  , STYLE=superscript  ed  in  the:roof  of  the  Catholic  church  in  Congress-street,  near  Butler,  which  was  put  out  without  much  loss.  At  sne  o'clock  on  Friday  morning,  the  stable  of  the  Peach  Or Orchard  chard Orchard  Coal  Company  was  set  on  fire,  and  16  valuable  horses  consumed.  At  two  o'clock,  immediately  after,  fire  was  discovered  in  the  pattern  shop  of  D.  A.  Powell's  extensive  stone-finishing  shop,  on  Butler-street,  and  in  spite  of  the  herculean  labours  of  the  fire  department,  it  and  valuable  contents  of  machine  patterns  and  work  were  entirely  consumed.  Part  of  the  new  engine  of.  the  water  works  was  among  the  unfinished  work  destroyed.  Loss  to  Mr.  Powell  at  least  $75,000,  beside  $20,000  insured.  The  Washington  Star  states  that  the  Postmaster-general  had  received  information  that  Austria,  with  her  dependen dependencies,  cies, dependencies,  has  consented  to  the  postal  arrangem  e  nt  w  ith  B  re  men,  and  hereafter  the  whole  of  the  Austrian  empire  is  to  be  in included  cluded included  in  the  European  continental  arrangement  to  which  the  treaty  applies.  From  the  same  authority,  we  learn  that  the  mail  steamer  Washington,  will  not  leave  New  York  on  the  3rd  of  Decem-  - STYLE=superscript  ber,  her  appointed  day  ;  but  the  Bremen  steamer  Germania,  will  take  her  place,  LATEST  &amp;  EXCLUSIVE.  We  have  received  telegraphice  advices  from  New  Orlean  s STYLE=superscript  to  the  afternoon  of  the  29th  ult.,  and  from  Charleston  to  the  same  date.  At  the  former  place  the  cotton  market  was  quiet,  the  sales  on  the  preceding  day  barely  reached  1,500  bales.  We  regret  to  learn  that  the  cholera  had  broken  out,  and  prevailed  to  a  serious  extent.  The  board  of  health  report  that,  during  the  week  there  had  been  261  deaths,  of  which  129  were  from  cholera.  The  victims  were  mostly  emigrants.  Mr.  E.  J.  Carrol,  formerly  editor  of  the  Crescent  City,  was  numbered  among  the  dead.  The  weather  is  reported  as  rainy  and  sultry.  The  following  vessels  had  •  arrived  :  Westminster,  Mem Memphis,  phis, Memphis,  Cornelia,  Linden,  and  Josiah  Bradlee,  From  Charleston,  we  learn  that  tht  steam-ship  Falcon  had  arrived  there  from  Havannah  short  of  coal,  having  experienced  very  bad  weather.  She  furnishes  no  political  news  of  interest.  The  'favourite  Spanish  actress  of  Tacon  theatre  had  been  murdered  by  her  husband,  who  afterwards  destroyed  himself.  The  event  had  a  great  excitement,  and  the.alleged  cause  was  infidelity.  Our  correspondent  manifestly  alludes  to  the  notorious  lady,  Lola  Montz,  who,  some  time  since,  was  joined  in  wedlock  to  the  editor  of  an  Havannah  paper.  We,  how however,  ever, however,  do  nbt  venture  to  supply  the  name,.  or  to  verify  the  fact.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  P3_TB00023 1,0  0  1 STYLE=superscript  1  it  kNi  e  sun  , STYLE=superscript  l  o  ol#  L  l'sa  ° STYLE=superscript  I  Per  oC•  c STYLE=superscript  't  ti  los  11  1,0 STYLE=superscript  I STYLE=superscript  lrotv  e STYLE=superscript  ,  laed,  e STYLE=superscript  .  Ni  s  11  6 STYLE=superscript  '  '  2 STYLE=superscript  Vhi STYLE=superscript  ?la  the  v  ie  ar  0  1 STYLE=superscript  '  . STYLE=superscript  .,  te  ShE  eloo  ar:  do'  -  to  M  E  t[le  •  et  P STYLE=superscript  oauu  err  :  titer  (  (I STYLE=superscript  b.rui  u  4  4  t  ,  et  Is STYLE=superscript  a  d  1 STYLE=superscript  414  e STYLE=superscript  we  :4ii  4 STYLE=superscript  h  t STYLE=superscript  .Whiates'"
