text
"ILY  TIMES  the  face  of  the  whole  question.  The  draught  note  proposed  by  the  Sublime  Porte  was  then.  set  aside,  and  the  cabinets  were  requested  to  express  their  .  views.  of  this  violation  of  treaties  after  the  protest  of  the  Sublime  Porte.  On  the  one  hand,  the  Ottoman  Cabinet  had  to  wait  for  their  replies,  and  on  the  other  it  drew  up,  at  the  suggestion  of  the  representa representatives  tives representatives  of  the  Powers,  a  project  of  arrangements,  which  was  sent  to  Vienna.  As  the  sole  answer  to  all  these  active  steps,  the  draft  of  our  note  prepared  (elabore)  at  Vienna  made  its  appearance.  However  that  may  be  (Quoiqu'il  en,  soit)  the  Ottoman  government  fearing  rightly  (a  juste  titre)  everything  which  might  imply  a  right  of  interference  in.  favour  of  Russia  in  religious  matters,  could  do  no  more  than  give  assurances  calculated  to  dissipate  the  doubts  which  had  become  the  subject  of  discussion  ;  and  it  will  not,  after  so  many  prepar preparations  ations preparations  and  sacrifices,  accept  propositions  which  could  not  be  received  at  the  time  of  the  stay  of  Prince  Menachikoff  at  Constantinople.  Since  the  cabinet  of  St.  Petersburg  has  not  been  content  with  the  assurances  and  pledges  that  have  been  offered,  since  the  benevolent  efforts  of  the  high  Powers  have  remained  fruitless,  since,  in  fine,  the  Sublime  Porte  cannot  tolerate,  or  suffer  any  longer  the  actual  state  of  things,  or  the  prolongation  of  the  occupation  of  the  Moldo-Walla Moldo-Wallachian  chian Moldo-Wallachian  Principalities,  they  being  integral  portions  of  its  em empire=—the  pire=—the empire=—the  Ottoman  Cabinet,  with  the  firm  and  praiseworthy  intention  of  defending  the  sacred  rights  of  sovereignty  and  the  independence  of  its  government,  will  employ  just  reprisals  against  a  violation  of  the  treaties  which  it  cmisiders.  as  a  casus  belli.  It  notifies,  then,  officially,  that  the  government  of  his  Majesty  the  Sultan  finds  itself  obliged  to  declare  war,  that  it  has  given  most  precise  instructions  (les  instructions  les  plus  categoriques)  to  his  Excellency  Omer  Pacha  to  de demand  mand demand  from  Prince  Gortschakoff  the  - STYLE=superscript  evacuation  of  the  Princi Principalities,  palities, Principalities,  and  to  commence  hostilities  if,  after  a  delay  of  fifteen  days  from  . STYLE=superscript  tbe  arrival  of  his  despatch  at  the  Russian  head  quarters,  an  answer  in  the  negative  should  be  re returned.  turned. returned.  It  is  distinctly  understood  that  should  the  reply  of  Prince  Gortschakoff  be  negative,  the  Russian  agents  are  to  quit  the  Ottoman  States,  and  that  the  commercial  relations  of  the  respective  subjects  of  the  two  governments  shall  be  broken  off.  At  the  same  time,  the  Sublime  Porte  will  not  consider  it  just  to  lay  an  embargo  upon  Russian  merchant  vessels,  a  3  has  been  the  practice.  Consequently  they  will  be  warned  to  resort  either  to  the  Black  Sea  or  to  the  Mediterranean  Sea  as  they  shall  think  fit,  within  a  term  that  shall  hereafter  be  fixed.  Moreover,  the  Ottoman  government  being  unwilling  to  place  hindrances  in  the  way  of  commer commercial  cial commercial  intercourse  between  the  subjects  of  friendiy  powers,  will  during  the  war  leave  the  Straits  open  to  their  mercantile  marine."
