text
"SHERIDAN,  CROSS  The  Subscribers  continue  to  despatch  the  above  celebrated  Packet•  ships,  and  other  first-class  American  ships,  weekly.  The  success  which  has  hitherto  attended  their  arrangements  for  the  comfortable  transit  of  emigrants,  gives  them  the  greatest  confidence  in  submitting  to  the  inspection  of  the  emigrating  public  their  unrival unrivalled  led unrivalled  American  liners,  as  possessing  the  most  eligible  accommodation  to  the  United  States.  In  the  construction  of  these  vessels  the  utmost  attention  has  been  paid  to  the  latest  improvements  in  light,  ventilation,  durability,  sailing  qualities,  and  all  matters  calculated  to  promote  the  health,  comfort,  and  contentment  of  passengers.  They  are  commanded  by  men  of  un undoubted  doubted undoubted  nautical  skill  and  experience  in  the  trade  Provisions  will  be  supplied  to  the  pass(  he  voyage  ac-  cording  to  the  act  of  parliament.  Parties  residing  at  a  distance  can  have  berths  secured  by  remitting  a  deposit  of  i  for  each  person  going.  Parties  desirous  of  transmitting  money  to  their  friends  in  America,  can  have  drafts  at  sight  for  Li  and  upwards,  payable  on  our  house  at  New  York.  For  Cabin,  Poop,  Second  Cabin,  and  Steerage  passage,  apply  to  BOWMAN,  GRINNELL.  &amp;  CO.,  5,  Regent-road,  Clarence  Dock,  Liverpool;  and  83,  South-street,  New  York.  N.B—Passengers  going  by  these  packet-ships  can  have  their  lug.  gage  stored  free  in  a  warehouse  attached  to  the  office.  After  the  Ist  November,  the  Rate  of  Freight  to  Boston  and  New  York  will  be  Six  Pounds  per  Ton  Measurement.  ntil  further  notice,  CARGO  for  the  STEAMERS  will  be  received  on  and  after  Nine  o'clock,  Morning,  of  SATURDAYS  PREVIOUS  TO  SAILING,  instead  of  on  Mondays,  as  heretofore.  4f,:  NOTICE  TO  SHIPPERS  To  BOSTON  and  BA  LIFAX.  Chief  Cabin  Passage  Second  Cabin  Passage  Twenty-five  Pounds  Fifteen  Pounds."
