text
"been  an  exikikii:v  - STYLE=superscript  concluder  AQvtea  rather  easier  rat  325.  to  33ft  6d.  to  375.  6ti.  ;  and  40;  cilictl  T  for  cltpprte--  Muscorads,  at  35,..3c).t0f  , STYLE=superscript  34'5.  e  1.,:  250  hh  at  32s  a,  at  325.  61  to  355.  3CI  75  'ht  Of  MOLASSES  110  s  have  transpired  lon  to  arr  Trinidad  have  been  taken  at  2s.  Gd.  y  14,000  bag  Araran,  at  12s.  to  Gwoon  brought  forward  to-day,  about  80  tons  ,t  £8  ss.  per  ton.  A  large  business  has  been  doir  s—common  is  6,000  bales,  500  of  which  been  taken  on  speculation.  The  sales  include  600  aranhatns,  6d  to  71d.  ;  100  Bahias,  6-ad.  to  54d.  to  721  ;  600  Surats,  3d.  to  41-,d.  ge  in  the  market,  which  closes  steadily.  g  in  most  kinds  of  .rui  at  11/d.  to  111  d.  COTTON  is  no  cl  LONDON  CORN  MARKET  —YESTERDAY.  The  weather  since  Friday  has  been  finer,  with  southerly  This  morning's  supply  of  wheat  from  Essex  and  Kent  - STYLE=superscript  mall,  and  sold  at  an  improvement  of  2s.  to  3s.  per  ^'•'ces  of  this  day  se'nnight,  having  a  large  attend attend'nlyers,  'nlyers, attend'nlyers,  a  good  retail  business  was  transacted  enhancement  of  3s.  upon  the  quotations  of  aday  la§'  Barley  of  all  descriptions  blings  fully  last  week's  prices,  eans  are  scarce,  and  dry  parcels  sell  at  advance  of  Is.  to  2s  White  peas  are  unaltered  in  value,  grey  arc  Is.  to  2s.  per  r.  dearer.  Oats  sell  at  an  improvement  of  Is.  to  2s.  per  qr.  The  price  of  town  made  flour  is  raised  ss.  per  sack,  and  arrels  arc  fully  Is.  dearer.  SMITHFIELD  CATTLE  MARKET—YESTERDAY.  .let  was  very  extensively  supplied  with  fureign  stock,  The  ma  wretched  condition  e  was  a  decided  falling  o  'resli  up  this  morning,  and  their  general  quality  was  in-  The  private  breeds  moved  off  steadily,  at  an  advance  prices  of  Monday  last  of  2d.  per  81bs.  Otherwise  the  ,de  was  tolerably  firm,  and  previous  rates  were  well  sup-  I  flip  arrivalb  of  liolue-fed  rom  Lincolnshire,  Leicestershire,  and  Northamptonshire,  eceived  26,000  short  horns  ;  from  other  parts  of  England,  No  arrivals  from  Scotland.  s  considerably  less  than  on  Monday  runts,  Devons,  was  an  improved  demand  for  most  breeds,  1  - STYLE=superscript  Ices,  late  rates  were  rather  exceeded  A  few  realised  5s  2d  per  81bs.  lumber  of  which  w  .oveinent  in  value  of  4d  per  Blt  -moved  off  brisk brisk  the  New  Music  Hall,  Bold-street,  was  opened  the  public  for  the  first  time  last  evening.  In  addition  to  the  hands  out  at  Wigan  three  ditional  mills  have  stopped  at  Hindley.  In  those  nills  the  demand  of  the  hands  for  an  increase  of  LO  per  cent.  bad  been  complied  with,  but  in  conse conseluence  luence conseluence  of  the  Wigan  masters  refusing  to  make  the  ice,  the  Hindley  masters  withdrew  the  10  ner  cent.,  and  the  - STYLE=superscript  hands  refused  to  continue  work  at  the  old  rate.  same  ad  EXTENSIVE  OF  STOLEN  PROPERTY.—Last  night  the  police  found  a  large  number  of  spirit  labels,  and  pepper  cruet  tops,  (supposed  to  have  been  stolen,)  in  a  public•house  yard,  in  Gill•street.  Many  of  the  articles  were  of  such  a  miscellaneous  character,  as  quite  to  puzzle  even  the  most  acute  detectives  THE  KNIFE  IN  THE  ASC  E  NDANT.—A  man  was  stabbed  on  Sunday  'in  Northumberland  -street,  by  another  man,  neither  of  whose  names  were,  last  evening,  known  to  the  police.  The  assassin,  who  made  his  escape,  wore  a  baragan  dress,  and  spoke  with  a  Scotch  accent.  At  almost  the  same  time  another  man  was  stabbed  at  Holland  -street,  Park,  by  a  person  unknown  ;  but  also  distinguished  by  a  Scotch  accent.  TRIKE  AT  WIGAN  —Notwithstanding  a  con conlent  lent conlent  belief  was  entertained  that  so  far  as  the  mill  hands  were  concerned,  the  strike  at  Wigan  would  have  come  to  an  end  yesterday,  we  regret  to  say  Rich  is  not  the  case.  The  whole  of  Mr.  c STYLE=superscript  helierley'S  lands  waited  on  that  gentleman  yesterday  morn-  ng,  but  were  informed  lie  could  not  open  liis  mill,  )wing  to  avi  o  arrangement  he  had  entered  into  with  yther  masters,  before  Friday  morning.  He,  how-  0  (31..n1  4.  o•a-ra-,-.  - STYLE=superscript  avy  Lau.  la  0  (1211  , STYLE=superscript  VCR  . STYLE=superscript  under  certain  conditions,  and  the  great  majority  of  the  hands  accepted  his  offer,  signed  the  conditions  proposed,  and  received  the  week's  pay.  There  is  not  the  slightest  appearance  of  any  arrangement  to  between  the  coal-owners  and  the  A  PRETTY  SPECIMEN  OF  A  JURY.—Last  week,  at  the  sessions  held  at  Knutsford,  Stephen  Marshall,  one  of  the  London  swell-mobmen,  was  brought  up  on  a  charge  of  steal stealing  ing stealing  a  cash-box  containing  a  £lOOO,  in  the  month  of  April  last,  from  Mr.  Clarke,  the  keeper  of  the  Liverpool  Arms,  Birkenhead.  Three  witnesses  gave  evidence  as  to  his  identity,  and  that  he  being  the  last  person  that  left  the  house,  there  could  be  no  doubt  but  that  he  was  one  cf  the  parties  that  committed  the  robbery.  The  jury,  to  the  utter  astonishment  of  the  whole  court,  found  him  not  guilty.  The  prisoner,  on  leaving  the  Court,  saw  one  of  the  London  detectives,  (who  had  come  over  from  Dublin  to  prove  a  pre previous  vious previous  conviction  against  him  for  picking  pockets)  he  came  up  to  him  and  said  loudly,  Tom,  aint  I  a  lucky  fellow  He  afterwards  took  several  of  the  jurymen  (who  had  so  kindly  acquitted  him)  to  a  public  house,  gave  them  drink,  and  actually  paid  for  a  shave  that  the  foreman  got.  He  also  gave  an  account  of  how  the  robbery  was  committed,  and  how  much  he  got  for  his  share.  DIABOLICAL  OUTRAGE  AT  WIGAN.—About  twelve  o'clock  on  Sunday  night,  two  Ginger-beer  bottles,  full  of  powder,  were  put  through  the  window  of  a  Cottage,  near  Ince  bar,  occupied  by  a  man  named  Joseph  Hetherington,  and  the  gunpowder  was  then  lighted  with  a  fusee,  such  as  is  used  by  Colliers.  An  explosion  was  thus  caused,  and  the  window  was  blown  into  the  middle  of  the  road,  and  the  house  much  shaken.  It  appears  that  previous  to  the  colliers'  strike,  Hetherington,  his  brother,  and  two  other  men,  contracted  to  get  a  block  of  coal  in  one  of  the  pits  of  the  Ince  Hall  Company,  and  that  as  the  job  will  last  several  months,  they  have  not  ceased  to  work.  Hence  it  is  supposed  that  some  collier  or  colliers  on  strike  have  committed  this  outrage.  Five  or  six  persons  were  sleeping  in  the  house  at  the  time  of  the  explosion,  but  tho'  greatly  alarmed,  none  of  them  are  injured.  Some  of  their  pit  clothes  were  buiied.  The  police  in  Wigan  and  the  neighbourhood  have  been  increased  in  number.  DIABOLICAL  ATTEMFT  OF  A  MAN  TO  MURDER  HIS  WlFE.—Yesterday  morning,  between  the  hours  of  six  and  seven  o'clock,  a  man  named  Greenway,  re residing  siding residing  in  Little  Park-street,  Kennington,  London,  made  a  desperate  attempt  to  murder  his  wife.  The  neighbours  heard  loud  cries  of  murder  proceeding  from  the  house,  and  on  a  policema  n  the  inhabitants  getting  *0  it  Lhey  beheld  an  awful  scene,  for  Greenway's  wife  was  found  with  her  throat  dreadfully  ent,  nnel  divers  ntheir  cuts  about  both  her  hands.  Greenway,  the  husband,  was  also  found  with  his  hands  and  clothes  in  a  bloody  con condition.  dition. condition.  He  was  at  once  taken  to  Kenningtonpolice  station,  whilst  at  the  same  time  the  female  was  removed  in  a  cab  to  Guy's  Hospital.  At  the  station  he  said  that  his  wife  had  had  two  men  in  the  house  all  night,  and  before  he  inflicted  the  injuries  on  her  person  that  she  had  told  him  that  she  in intended  tended intended  to  leave  him  with  his  three  children,  and  that  was  his  reason  for  murdering  her.  He  like likewise  wise likewise  said  that  if  she  died  he  should  feel  happy  to  hang  for  her  on  the  gallows  He  further  said  that  it  was  his  intention  to  have  killed  her,  and  if  he  had  succeeded  that  he  should  then  have  cut  his  own  throat.  Such  is  the  serious  nature  of  the  wounds  the  female  has  received,  that  not  the  least  hope  is  entertained  of  her  recovery.  i3irtb4,  OtarriazO,  attlx  13tatb4,  BIRTHS  On  the  21st  instant,  at  Polesden,  the  Lady  Mary  Farquhar,  of  a  .  -  daughter.  .  On  the  13th  instant,  at  Carzitz,  in  the  Island  of  Rugen,  the  Baroness  Usedom,  ofason, STYLE=superscript  stillborn.  — STYLE=superscript  On  the  20th  instant,  in  lowndes-square,  London,  the  Hon.  Mrs.  Duncombe,  of  a  son.  On  the  15th  of  August,  at  Victoria,  Hong  Kong,  the  wife  of  Lieutenant-Colonel  Griffin,  Commanding  Royal  Artillery  in  China,  of  a  son.  MARRIAGES.  On  the  18th  August,  at  Rio  Janeiro,  J.  C.  C.  Westwood,  Esq.,  H.  B.  M.  consul  for  that  city,  to  Eleanor,  second  daugther  of  Thomas  J.  Hutton,  Esq.,  merchant,  of  this  town.  •  On  the  21st  instant,  at  Woolton  Catholic  Church,  Samuel,  youngest  son  of  the  late  John  Arnold,  farmer,  West  Derby.  to  Mary,  third  daughter  of  the  late  Henry  Layland,  schoolmaster,  Hale.  On  the  20th  instant,  at  All  Saints',  Prince's-gate  the  Rev.  Edward  Lawson,  'second  son  of  William  Lawson,  of  Longhirst,  in  the  county  of  Northumberland,  Esq.,  to  Mary,  daughter  of  the  late  George  Maule,  Esq.,  solicitor  for  the  affairs  of  her  Majesty's  Treasury."
