text
"COMPLIMENT  TO  CAPTAIN  COMSTOCK.  The  following  letter  is  from  the  passengers  of  the  steam steamship  ship steamship  Baltic  to  Captain  Comstock  :  SlR,—The  passengers  on  board  the  steamship  Baltic,  Nov.  14,  during  the  present  passage  from  Liverpool,  have  instructed  the  undersigned,  on  their  behalf,  to  request  you  to  accept  two  pitchers  and  a  salver  of  silver,  as  a  mark  of  their  respect  for  yourself,  and  their  appreciati  o  n  o  f  th  e  s  kill,  firmness,  and  attention  displayed  by  you  during  the  past  tempestuous  voyage.  Standing  as  you  do  at  the  head  of  your  profession,  as  a  commander  of  a  packet-ship  unsurpassed  on  the  ocean,  the  passengers  do  not  present  these  articles  as  a  reward  for  ser services  vices services  which,  however  great,  your  high  sense  of  duty  would  have  required  you  to  perform,  but  as  a  token  of  cordial  respect  and  gratitude.  In  accordance  with  the  generous  sentiments  expressed  by  you  at  a  meeting  of  the  passengers,  and  in  obedience  to  their  instructions,  we  would  wish  you  to  convey  to  the  officers,  engineers,  and  crew  of  the  Baltic,  our  high  estimate  of  their  untiring  energy  and  faithfulness  dur during  ing during  our  stormy  passage.  We  deem  it  proper  to  congratulate  you,  as  well  as  ourselves,  upon  their  signal  manifestion  of  the  admirable  qualities  of  the  ship  and  its  machinery.  As  soon  as  they  can  be  procured,  we  shall  do  ourselves  the  pleasure  to  present  you  the  articles  above  named.  Please  accept  for  yourself  our  best  wishes  for  your  welfare.  Very  respectfully  yours,  JNO.  A.  ROCKWELL,  Ct.  Wm.  W.  DE  FOREST,  N.  Y.  P.  S.  FORBES,  N.  Y.  Capt.  Jos.  J.  COMSTOCK,  G.  F.  LINDSAY,  11.  S.  M.  C.  11.  S.  M.  S.  Baltic.  Capt.  ALFRED  F.  SMITH,  Pa.  Capt.  Comstock's  reply.  BAY  OF  NEW  YORK,  Steamship  Baltic,  November  14.  GENTLEMEN  —I  have  received  your  communication  of  this  date,  and  while  I  thank  you  for  your  highly  flattering  compliment  to  myself  and  officers  for  our  humble  efforts  for  your  comfort  and  safety  while  on  board  the  admirable  ship,  I  beg  to  join  you  in  awarding  to  her  all  those  noble  qualities  which  have  made  us  all  perfectly  satisfied  with  her  ability  to  contend  safely  with  the  severest  weather  upon  the  Atlantic.  For  your  additional  evidence  of  esteem,  please  accept  my  thanks,  and  be  assured  of  my  highest  regar  d  f  or  yourse  l  ves  and  the  large  number  of  intelligent  passengers  whom  you  represent.  I  am,  very  respectfully,  Your  obedient  servant,  Jos.  J.  COMSTOCK  Messrs.  lion.  Jno.  A.  Rockwell,  P.  S.  Forbes,  Esq.,  Capt.  Lindsay,  11.  S.  Marine,  Capt.  Alfred  Smith,  W.  W.  De  Forest,  Esq."
