text
"SHARE  MA  RKETS.-YESTERDAY  LIVERPOOL.—The  market  to-day  has  been  dull  through throughout,  out, throughout,  closing  with  very  little  business.  The  sales  are  :—Cale :—Caledonian,  donian, :—Caledonian,  25  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  62H-62/-1  ;  London  and  North  Western,  1024-3  e  ;  i  t,  shares,  new,  Mel  ;  Mid Midland,  land, Midland,  591-594.1  ;  South  Eastern  Stock,  171-g  ;  St.  laden&amp;  5  per  cent  Stock,  103.  _  _  The  following  were  the  elosing  prices  :—Caledonians,24j-5  ;  Eastern  Counties,  1102;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  621  .  -1;  London  and  North  Western,  102-I  ;  Midland,  59-1  ;  South  E  l9  a  -  st  l  e  .  1-i  rn,  l  7  ;  York  and  North,  22 STYLE=superscript  4  -3 STYLE=superscript  ;  Sheffield  Stock,  MANCHESTER.  To-day,  prices  are  lower,  and  not  much  business  transacted.  Caledonian,  25-4  15-16-5-1  —B-16;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  621-11-1  ;  Loudon  and  North  Western,  lo2jti;  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincoln,  ;  £lO  Pref.,  9;  Midland  Railway  Consols,  591n-1-2  ;  South  Eastern,  17A-7-18  ;  South  Wales,  xn.  DUBLlN.—Consols,  91  1 STYLE=superscript  for  account  14th  Nov.,  911  ;  34  per  cent  Stock,  93  ;  B  an  k  S  toc  k  ,  217  f  ;  Hibernian  Bank,  23  paid,  31;  Cork  and  Bandon  Railway,  50  paid,  131;  Dublin  and  Belfast  Junction,  45  paid,  441;  Dublin  and  Drogheda,  75  paid,  651;  Great  Southern  and  Western,  50  paid,  51.  E STYLE=superscript  C  a  a STYLE=superscript  r  s STYLE=superscript  l  t STYLE=superscript  i  e STYLE=superscript  s  ni STYLE=superscript  l  e,  fi  C  7  o  u;n  Dittos,t  i  e  I  T  2  h  ;  i  rd  G  e  ,  re  a  p  t  m  W  ;  L  estern,  s  a  t  n  e  c  r  n  a  s  ,  h  i  B  r  o  e  ;  a  na  Lan  c  aster  l,ork  s  h  a  i  r  n  e  d  ,  LONDON.—The  sales  are  :—Cal  e  d  on  i  an  ,  51-50i-501  ;  63-2&amp;-63-21;  London  and  North  Westearn,  1024-1.103;  London  and  South  Western,  74-73;  Midland,  60-591-59  t;  Newry  and  Enniskillen,  21;  North  Staffordshire,  113  ;  Shropshire  Union,  2i  ;  South  Eastern,  681-481-1  •  South  Wales,  34  ;  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  62  ;  York  and  North  Midland,  45,t;  Wilts,  Somerset,  an  d  Weymouth  (leased  to  Great  Western),  97;  Caledonian,  96  ;  E.  Anglian,  £3  105.  6d.  per  cent,  31;  Eastern  Counties  Exten Extension,  sion, Extension,  5  per  cent.  No.  1,  pm;  Do.  new  6  per  cent.  stock,  131;  was  again  rather  Y STYLE=superscript  siness  done  was  not  Great  Northern  6  'per  cent,  11  6 STYLE=superscript  1-  17 STYLE=superscript  i  ;  Do,  red  eema  bl  e  firmGeLrAtSoGtOheWc.l-0-sTe,hebutm  Scrip,  1061.  extensive.  Caledonians  are  now  quoted  at  £491  to  £5O,  and  t  ar  h  k  e  et  ac  y  tu  e  a  st  l  er  b  d  u  a  other  lines  as  before.  Small  business  doing,  but  market  by  an  improying  tondoucy  i  Calodoniano,  £5l  to  050  154  SERIOUS  CHARGE  AGAINST  THE  CAPTAIN  AND  CREW  OF  THE  EMIGRANT  SHIP,  CHARLES  CROKER.—We  have  to  record  an  instance  of  damage  having  been  sustained,  during  the  late  gales  off  the  Irish  coast,  by  an  outward-bound  vessel  which,  as  we  have  been  informed,  is  attended  with  circum circumstances  stances circumstances  of  peculiar,  though,  we  regret  to  say,  not  unusual  hard hardship.  ship. hardship.  The  ship  Charles  Croker,  Capt.  Deland,  left  Liverpool  for  New  York  on  Thursday  last,  and  put  into  Belfast  lough  on  Sunday,  through  stress  of  weather.  She  had  four  hun hundred  dred hundred  and  sixteen  passengers  on  board,  and  had  also  a  quan quantity  tity quantity  of  iron  on  freight.  Since  the  time  of  her  leaving  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  she  had  to  encounter  severe  weather,  in  the  course  of  which  she  lost  one  of  her  mizen  yards,  a  great  deal  of  her  canvass,  and  sustained  other  damage.  Under  these  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  it  was  deemed  dangerous  to  proceed  on  her  passage  outward,  and  the  ship  was  run  into  this  lough  on  Sunday  evening,  having  lost  one  man,  who  fell  overboard  on  Sunday  Tflornine.  The  passengers,  the  majority  of  whom  are  Ger Germans,  mans, Germans,  besides  numb...  from  Wales,  complain  bitterly  of  the  treatment  which  they  received  during  melt  nhvit  paoor.  s  o.  From  the  time  that  the  vessel  left  Liverpool,  on  Thursday,  some  of  the  passengers  informed  us  they  received  no  provi provisions  sions provisions  of  any  kind  from  the  ship's  stores,  nor  was  any  attempt  made  iu  that,  respect  to  comply  with  the  terms  of  the  Act  of  Parliament.  Those  of  the  passengers  who  had  a  supply  of  provisions  on  board  for  emergencies,  of  course,  in  this  state  of  things,  were  compelled  to  bring  them  into  use,  but,  to  their  surprise,  found  that  it  was  totally  impossible  to  have  them  cooked,  until  they  had,  in  the  first  instance,  satisfied  the  pecuniary  demands  of  those  of  the  ship's  crew  who  pre presided  sided presided  over  that  department  ;  and  any  of  the  passengers  whose  means  did  not  permit  of  their  complying  with  this,  were  ob obliged-to  liged-to obliged-to  use  that  portion  of  the  provisions  they  had  supplied  themselves,  which  did  not  require  to  undergo  the  operation  of  cooking.  Besides,  it  seems  the  ship  was  kept  in  a  state  of  great  filth,  from  the  want  of  proper  regulations  having  been  established  on  leaving  port.  This  is  the  statement  which  has  been  made  to  us  by  several  of  the  passengers,  who  speak  strongly  of  the  treatment  to  which  they  have  been  subjected;  and,  cert  inly,  the  appearance  presented  by  the  poor  people,  who  came  up  to  our  quays  from  the  Charles  Croker  yester yesterday,  day, yesterday,  was  of  a  distressing  character..  There  can  be  no  doubt  that  their  case  will  meet  with  a  full  investigation  at  the  hands  of  the  excellent  Government  Emigration  Officer  of  this,  port,  Captain  de  COurcy,  to  whose  attention  we  would  es especially  pecially especially  direct  it.--Northern  gfttiq.  .  THE  PUBLIC  WORKS  IN  PROGRESS  IN  PARIS.  —  The  works  now  going  on  in  Paris,.  as  we  have  already  told  our  readers,  are  of  extraordinary  magnitude,  involving,  if  all  carried  out,  an  enormous  expenditure—an  expenditure  far  beyond  what  prudence  and  justice  would  authorise..  This,  however  we  will  leave  the  French  people  to  settle.  The  works  to  connect  the  northern  gallery  from  the  Tuileries  with  the  Louvre  are  progressing  with  uncommon  activity.  A  patron  of  the  Rue  Rivoli  is  already  built  as  high  as  the  cornice.  In  the  Place  . STYLE=superscript  4  Carousel  very  little  progress  Ms  been  made  with  the  ether  proposed  buildings,  excepting  for  the  foundations.  Some  pryers  are  finishing  the  ornaments  in  the  pediments  of  the  northern  ;  gallery,  which  have  re remained  mained remained  without  them  since  the  erection  of  this  part  by  Napoleon  I.  The  continuation  of  the  Rue  de  Rivoli  from  the  Louvre  towards  the  llotel  de  Ville  bears,  as  far  as  new  constructions  and  the  length  of  opening,  great  resemblance  to  the  present  state  of'  the  Victoria-street  leading STYLE=superscript  from  Pimlico  to  Westminster.—The  Builder.  ."
