text
"MB.  T.  B.  GOUGH'S  LECTURE.  On  last  night,  Mr.  S.  B.  Gough  delivered  a  lecture  on  temperance  in  the  Concert-hall,  Lord  Nelson-street.  The  hall  and  galleries  were  densely  thronged.  Several  gentle gentlemen  men gentlemen  were  on  the  platform,  among  whom  were  Messrs.  S.  Harrison,  W.  Blain,  G.  Hayworth,  J.  Hayworth,  J.  Cross Crossfield,  field, Crossfield,  T.  Crossfield,  Pierce,  T.  Gibson,  jun.,  C.  Wilson,  F.  Frith,  H.  Stuart;  N.  Brown,  I.  M'Clure,  Bowes  ;  Rev.  Mr.  Bishop,  Rev.  J.  Ogden,  and  Rev.  I.  Graham.  The  chair  was  occupied  by  Join  CROPPER,  ESQ.  Mr.  GOUGH,  on  being  introduced  by  the  chairman,  was  enthusiastically  applauded.  He  said  that  since  he  had  had  the  privilege  of  speaking  to  them  on  the  subject  of  tempe temperance  rance temperance  some  months  past,  he  had  been  labouring  almost  con constantly  stantly constantly  in  behalf  of  the  same  great  enterprise  ;  and  al although  though although  he  had  been  sonietimes  weary  in  the  work,  he  was  not  yet  weary  of  it,  and  he  felt  more  encouraged  that  night  than  ever  in  his  life  to  advocate  the  pure  principles  of  total  abstinence  from  all  that  could  intoxicate.  His  object  in  speaking  to  the  assembly  before  him,  was  that  he  might  be  able  to  say  something  that  might  enlist  their  sympathies  on  behalf  of  that  great  cause—that  might  remove  the  pre prejudices  judices prejudices  that  existed  in  the  minds  of  some  in  reference  to  the  great  enterprise—that  of  temperance—then  before  them,  which  was  growing  in  importance,  which  was  receiving,  and  he  had  good  reason  to  believe,  would  continue  to  receive  the  involuntary  respect  of  all  who  made  themselves  ac acquainted  quainted acquainted  with  it.  He  knew  that  some  people  were  in  the  habit  of  sneering  at  the  temperance  enterprise  ;  that  they  were  in  the  habit  of  speaking  of  it  in  terms  of  ridicule  and  contempt.  But  he  defied  any  man  of  common  sense  to  make  himself  acquainted  with  the  history  of  this  reform,  from  the  first  feeble  barrier  against  the  tide  of  liquid  death  till  the  present  moment,  and  despise:it  ;  to  make  himself  acquainted  with  the  instrumentalities,  feeble  in  themselves,  but  made  mighty  by  God's  power,  by  which  was  scaled  the  strong  fortress  of  drunkenness  and  despise  it  ;  to  make  himself  acquainted  with  the  revolution  in  public  sentiment  in  re reference  ference reference  to  this  matter,  and  despise  it.  The  more  he  made  himself  acquainted  with  it,  the  more  it  appeared  before  him  in  its  glory,  its  beauty,its  grandeur,and  its  vastness,with  the  seal  of  God's  approbation  stamped:broad  and  deep  upon  it.  (Applause).  Never,  until  the  great  and  awful  day  when  all  secrets  would  be  made  clear,  could  we  know  the  unutterable  woes  created  by  drunkenness.  Let  him  present  that  point  for  a  few  minutes'  consideratian,though  he  hardly  knew  how  to  begin  about  it.  He  knew  that  some  people  had  an  idea  that  when  they  spoke  of  the  drunkard,  they  spoke  of  the  low,  the  miserable,  and  the  debased—that  they  spoke  of  those  who  were  born  in  the  bubbling  pool  of  degradation—that  they  spoke  of  those  who  had  re received  ceived received  no  education,  least  of  all  religious  instruction  —  that  they  spoke  of  those  whose  first  words  they  heard  were  words  of  blasphemy,  and  whose  first  utterance  were  in  words  of  cursing.  But  was  it  so  ?  He  would  illustrate  this  point  ashe  once  heard  a  man  illustrate  another  point.  The  said  he,  inclined  plain  from  the  foot  of  the  pit  to  the  threshhold  of  Heaven.  There  are  millions  of  human  beings  upon  it.  Just  at  the  verge  of  the  pit  lies  a  poor  sinning  in individual  dividual individual  ready  to  topple  into  it,  while  at  the  top  stands  the  moralist  in  his  righteousness,  just  about  to  cross  the  thresh threshhold,  hold, threshhold,  when  suddenly  he  falls,  and  he  who  falls  the  farthest  falls  the  (Applause.)  And  thus  it  was  that  the  highest  in  rank  and  station  fell  also  through  drunkenness,  and  were  degraded  and  debased,  as  well  as  the  lowliest,  by  its  abiding  stain.  There  was  no  power  like  the  power  of  drunkenness  to  crush  a  man,  and  to  bring  him  to  the  level  of  the  brute—nay,  lower;  for  the  intemperate  man  was  guilty  of  that  which  no  brute  beast  was  ever  guilty  of—vo of—voluntaiily  luntaiily of—voluntaiily  himself,  and  stooping  from  the  high  position  in  which  his  Maker  had  placed  him.  The  power  of  drunkenness  spared  neither  :position  nor  circumstances,  when  a  man  had  once  became  a  slave  to  the  habit.  It  was,  then,  to  raise  a  barrier  to  this  curse  throughout  the  land  that  they  now  struggled.  Prevention  was  what  they  sought—to  build  a  barrier  between  the  yet  unpolluted  lip  and  the  intoxicated  cup,  as  well  as  to  raise  those  already  steeped  in  the  viscious  degradation.  (Applause.)  No  young  man  present  considered  himself  foolish  enough  to  become  a  drunkard.  No  man  ever  took  the  glass,  and  holding  it  up,  said  :  I  have  good  prospects  before  me.  I  have  married  a  wife  whom  I  promised  to  cherish  ;  I  have  children  whom  I  love  ;  I  have  pride  and  ambition  ;  but  I  will  make  the  lean  finger  of  scorn  print  burning  characters  on  her  brow.  I  will  leave  my  children  a  heritage  of  misery.  I  will  blast  my  reputation,  and  I  will  There  was  not  a  drunkard  on  God's  earth  who  began  with  such  intentions  or  such  ex expectation.  pectation. expectation.  No,  all  fell  by  degrees—the  first  glass  was  the  first  step  to  ruin.  (Applause.)  The  lecturer  then  urged  that  no  advance  in  wages  could  benefit  the  drunkard,  and  continued  :  If  they  took  some  of  the  men  whom  they  now  despised  as  hardened,  fiendish  wretches,  and  stripped  them  of  the  drinking  mania,  they  were  warm-hearted  men  like  all  the  rest.  The  higher  the  man  the  deeper  was  his  fall  into  de degradation;  gradation; degradation;  and  the  faculties,  which  to  others  were  blessings,  were  to  them  the  bitterest  curse.  Memory,  which  enabled  the  drunkard  to  look  back  upon  the  past  and  the  point  which  he  once  occupied,  the  youthful  aspirings,  the  early  hopes  and  affections  this  was,  even  in  his  moments  of  most  opperent  gaiety,  his  heaviest  curse.  He  might  be  seen  in  noisy,  ml  illiod  apparent  gaiety  but  if  the  gin-palace,cu  they  could  trace  him  to  his  home,  they  would  find  that  these  thoughts  followed  him  there.  The  drunkard  was  like  an  instrument  out  of  tune,  and  they  would  find  that  not  even  the  lightest  winds  should  touch  the  chords  to  pro produce  duce produce  the  faintest  sound,  but  by  his  side  stood  the  weird  sister,  memory,  who  was  a  skilful  performer,  and  moved  the  chords,  and  then  he  drank  again  to  drive  away  the  thought  which  made  him  mad.  There  was  enjoy enjoyment  ment enjoyment  of  a  certain  kind  at  the  first,  but  at  the  last  it  stung  ike  a  serpent,  until  his  imagination  drove  hint  wild.  He  pictured  to  them  the  horrible  state  of  a  man  in  delerium  tre tremens,  mens, tremens,  and  reminded  them  that  the  chief  horror  which  attended  him  was  the  knowledge  that  the  fearful  objects  which  seemed  to  surround  him,  were  not  real,  but  the  crea creations  tions creations  of  his  own  distracted  imagination.  De  Quincey  had  said  that  there  was  one  thing  in  the  world  the  greatest  to  ter terrify  rify terrify  or  to  console  that  was  the  human  face.  The  sight  of  a  human  face  glaring  in  through  the  window  at  night  would  terrify  more  than  the  face  of  a  beast;  but  how  much  more  terrifying  was  it  to  him  who  knew  that  face  was  the  unreal  creation  of  the  drink  which  had  destroyed  his  brain.  Men  who  had  suffered  this,  would  even  swear  they  would  never  drink  to  create  it  again  •  but  such  was  the  power  of  appetite,  that  when  health  filled  their  frames  once  more  they  would  seek  it  again.  This  appetite  1  might  well  be  called  a  master  passion,  and  it  was  therefore  that  he  appealed  to  all  that  they  might  raise  a  war  between  themselves  and  that  passion.  Would  not  any  father  rather  that  his  child  should  be  stricken  with  palsy  or  burnt  to  death  than  grow  up  a  victim  to  this  passion  ?  The  lecturer  illustrated  his  subject  by  several  instances  where  a  moment's  temptation  presented  to  a  man  struggling  to  escape  from  drink,  had  led  to  a  sudden  and  fearful  death.  There  was  not  a  mother  there  who  would  not  rather  her  son  were  taken  away  by  any  affliction  of  Providence  than  to  reel  from  the  world  a  drunkard  into  the  grave  he  had  made  for  himself.  He  instanced  cases  where  persons  in  the  higher  classes  of  life  had  traced  their  destruction  to  the  encouragement  they  had  received  in  childhood  to  drink  their  half-glass  of  wine  in  the  dining-room  like  a  man,  to  the  health  of  the  gentlemen  there.  He  then  proceeded  to  consider  the  philosophy  of  the  temperance  enterprise,  as  a  means  of  reforming  the  drunk drunkard  ard drunkard  and  preserving  the  young  and  pure.  Many  persons  had  been  heard  to  argue  against  it,  because  they  said  it  was  put  in  the  place  of  the  gospel  and  of  religion,  as  a  means  of  re reforming  forming reforming  and  saving,  But  some  men  could  not  drink  mode moderately—as  rately—as moderately—as  well  might  they  attempt  to  blow  up  a  powder  magazine  moderately,  as  to  give  some  men  drink  and  tell  them  to  drink  in  moderation.  (Applause).  For  these  men  the  lecturer  showed  that  it  was  absolutely  necessary  a  bond  should  be  offered  to  them,  by  which  they  could  bind  them themselves  selves themselves  against  entering  upon  the  habit,  which  when  ac acquired,  quired, acquired,  the  most  strong-minded  men  bould  hardly  break  from.  Drunkenness  was  not  only  a  fearful  moral  evil,  but  a  physical  one,  and  therefore  they  came  with  a  physical  cure  for  its  remedy.  They  might  as  well  say  that  the  Humane  Society  in  saving  men  from  death  were  putting  their  physical  appliances  in  the  place  of  the  gospel.  They  brought  a  physical  means  to  effect  a  physical  end.  A  man  made  sober  by  physical  means,  which  could  do  it,  was  then  able  to  comprehend  the  precepts  of  religion  which  were  lost  upon  him  when  drunk.  They  used  physical  instru instrumentality  mentality instrumentality  to  preach  the  gospel.  They  must  employ  the  physi physical  cal physical  instrumentality  of  language  to  preach  the  gospel  to  the  Chinese  or  the  Indian,  and  the  physical  instrumentality  of  the  ship  to  reach  him.  To  a  man  razing  in  fever  they  must  bring  the  human  means  of  cooling  appliances  and  medical  aid  before  they  brought  the  minister  of  religion  to  preach  to  him  of  Christ  and  the  salvation  of  sinners.  When  death  came  to  him,  he  prayed  God  that  it  might  find  him  in  the  harness  battling  against  that  accursed  evil.  (Great  applause.)  God  himself  had  used  human  instrumentality  to  effect  his  purposes,  and  it  was  glorious  to  be  the  instrument  in  his  bands  although,  they  themselves,  might  never  perceive  the  result.  As  an  instrument  to  that  end  they  gloried  in  the  teetotal  move movemovement;  movement; movemovement;  their  motto  was  hope  in  the  latter  day  dawning  ;  and  their  God  speed  the  right  (Loud  applause.)  The  hope  of  the  infidel  was,  that  the  Bible  was  not  true  ;  the  hope  of  the  votary  of  pleasure  was,  that  God  would  not  punish  the  sin  ;  but  the  christian  alone  could  die  believing  in  every  word  of  the  Bible,  with  the  firm  faith  in  the  inflexible  justice  of  God,  yet  with  full  hope  ever  in  his  death.  Men  who  scoffed  at  the  temperance  enterprise,  endcav endcavouredto  ouredto endcavouredto  force  upon  themselves  the  belief  that  its  doctrines  were  inconsistent  with  the  teachings  of  the  Bible.  The  lecturer  de detailed  tailed detailed  his  own  conversion  to  religion  and  to  temperance  ;  as  an  instance  of  the  manner  in  which  persons  first  endeavoured  to  harden  themselves  against  the  words  of  those  who  wished  to  lead  them  into  the  right  path  of  life  ;  and  how  at  last  he  was  only  brought  to  sign  the  temperance  pledge,  not  through  the  high  motives  of  religion  and  the  abhorrence  of  vice,  but  through  the  purely  selfish  motive  of  improving  his  position,  having  good  clothes,  saving  money,  and  mingling  with  society.  In  this  manner  he  shewed  how  human  means  might  be  made  subservient  to  the  task  of  preparing  the  mind  for  the  reception  of  the  lessons  of  morality,  mud  the  truths  of  religion.  The  conversation  which  took  place  between  him  and  the  one  who  sought  to  induce  him  to  sign  the  temperance  pledge,  the  lecturer  gave  with  a  humourous  power  of  language  and  expression  which  elicited  laughter  and  enthusiastic  applause  from  the  audience.  Would  any  man,  he  asked,  have  stopped  him  from  signing  that  pledge,  because  he  was  induced  to  do  so  through  instru instrumentality,  mentality, instrumentality,  and  because  he  did  it  through  a  selfish  motive?  The  lecturer  having  pointed  his  argument  by  a  variety  of"
