text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  have  ,preparel  addresses  to  be  presented  to  his  Excellency,  and  to-morrow  a  public  meeting  is  to  be  held  of  the  citizens  of  Kingston,  headed  by  his  Honor  the  Mayor,  also  to  prepare  an  address.  abortive  attempt  was  made  last  to  get  up  a  demonstration  in  favor  of  Sr  Charles  It  was  indeed  a  Grey,  our  present  Governor  exhibition,  and  had.been  very  generally  ridiculed  A  more  unpopular  Governor  than  Sir  Charles  never  cursed  -a  country  with  his  administration._  He  has  been  here  lonf  --o --o--r  -r --o--r  than  his  fall  term.  He  is  an  out STYLE=superscript  and  cannot  go  to  England,  - STYLE=superscript  I  - STYLE=superscript  believe  Where  will  be  his  destination  I  do  not  kriON  think  Ile  Will'  take  a  privat  Beef  has  not  varied  T  ONVII  aw-debto:  e  'residence  in  Spanish  t  $4  50  to  $5  An  ,impOrtant  public  meeting  was  held  iu  Kingston  on  the  9th,  having  for  its  object  the  con consideration  sideration consideration  of  the  means  best  calculated  .for  the  development  of  the  mineral  resources'  of  the•coun the•country.  try. the•country.  The  Mayor,  Philip  Laurence,  Esq.,  presided.  The'  chairman  prOceeded  to  state  the  object  of  the  meeting,  which  was,  in  accordance  with  the  pur purpose  pose purpose  for  which  the  meeting  had  been  convened,  to  form  a  mining  association  for  the  mutual  protection  of  those  who  might  engage  in  so  beneficial  a  In  the.proceedings  of  the  Barbadoes  Legisla Legislare,  re, Legislare,  as  reported  in  the  Liberal,  'we  find  it  stated  that  a  communication  from  the  Governor  Zvi  ceiNied,  covering  a  circular  despatch  from  the  'Se  cretary  of  State  for  the  Colonies,  recommendin  the:adoption  of  the  post-office  money  order  in  that  i  THAOKERAY  'S  NEW  SERIAL.*  •  .  (SECOND  NOTICE.)  HERE  we  must  go  back  a  little  in  the  chain  of  incidents  for  the  benefit  of  the  reader.  After  Mademoiselle  de  Blois  had,  at  the  urgent  solicitation  of  the  Chevalier,  her  father,  yielded  up  possession  of  herself  to  the  aristocrat  of  fallen  fortunes,  who,  at  the  time,  scraped  up  some  sort  of  a  livelihood  by  in  London,  Thomas,  despairing  and  re resentful,  sentful, resentful,  embarks  for  India,  to  try  his  fortune  on  the  field  of  glory  !  Poor  fellow  !  how  it  must  have  made  him  subside  into  his  military  boots,  to  find  himself  outdone  in  his  amour  by  the  poor,  old  French  fiddler  !  He,  a  son  of  Mars  !  not  to  be  perthitted  to  marry  his  dear  off-hand,  at  the  little  Catholic  chapel  at  Woolwich,  and  then  to  go  out  to  India  together,  and  be  happy  ever  after  What  a  blissful  dream  :from  which  there  was,  like  as  in  many  other  cases,  a  sorrowful  awakening  He  goes  to  India,  however,  alone—and,  as  young  gentlemen  too  often  do,  grows  out  of  his  fury  and  despair,  and  forgets  his  fiancee,  from  whom,  he  had  sworn;  that  nothing  but  death  should  part  him.  From  India  he  frequently  corresponds  with  his  father,  always  directing  his  letters  to  the  city,  for  his  name  was  never  :so  .  much  as  mentioned  at  Clapham,  in  consequence  .of  his  stepmother's  resentment:  These  letters  comforted  the  dear  old  man  so,  that  in  return  he  forwards  his  son  liberal  private  until  he  has  need  for  no  more.  At  last  the  poor  soul  goes  to..his  -rest,  and  the  loses  its  chic  fest  prop,  while  the  churchyard  at  Clapham  obtains  - STYLE=superscript  a  .tena2t.  Young  Thomas  was  so  loved  by  his  father:that,  had  it  not  been  for  the  resentment  of  his  stepmother,  he  would  have  been  left  a  fortune.  At  least,  such  was  the  old  man's  desire,  had  not  the  terror  of  his  wife,  'Sophia  Alethea,  been  so  much  before  his  eyes.  Meanwhile,  Thomas  obtains  high  military  dignity  in  India,  and  marries  a  pretty  widow,  one  Emma  Honeyman,  relict  of  the  late  detestable  Captain  Casey.  He  soon  becomes  a  father,  and  gets  his  boy  christened  Clive  Newcome,  His  wife,  poor  thing  !  does  not  long  partake  of  connubial  blessedness,  but  goes  From  sunshine  to  the  sunless  and  Clive  is  left  to  the  sole  charge  of  the  Lieut.-  Colonel,  who  at  once  consigns  him  to  a  kind  aunt,  Martha  Honeyman,•  •  Here  is  the  letter  she  sends  to  India  upon  receipt  of  her  little  nephew  :  With  the  most  heartfelt  joy,  my  dear  Major,  1  take  up  my  pen  to  announce  to  you  the  happy  arrival  of  the  Ram  Chunder,  and  the  dearest  and  handsomest  little  boy,  who,  I  am  sure,  ever  came  from  India.  Little  Clive  is  in  perfect  health.  He  speaks  English  wonderfully  well.  He  cried  when  he  parted  from  Mr.  Sneid,  the  supercargo,  Who  most  kindly  brought  him  from  Southampton  in  a  post  chaise,  but  these  tears  in  childhood,  are  of  very  brief  duration.  The  voyage,  Mr.  Sneid  states,  was  most  favorable,  occupying  only  four  months  and  eleven  days.  How  different  from  that  more  lengthened  and  dangerous  passage  of  eight  months,  and  almost  perpetual  sickness,  in  which  my  poor  dear  sister  Emma  went  to  Bengal,  to  become  the  wife  of  the  best  of  husbands,  and  the  mother  of  the  dearest  of  little  boys,  and  to  enjoy  these  inestimable  blessings  for  so  brief  an  interval  !  She  has  quitted  this  wicked  and  wretched  world,  for  one  where  all  is  peace.  The  misery  and  ill-treatment  which  she  endured  from  Captain  Casey,  her  first  odious  husband,  were,  I  am  sure,  amply  repaid,  my  dear  Colonel,  by  your  subsequent  affection.  If  the  'most  sumptuous  dress  which,  London  or  even  Paris,  could  'supply,  jewellery  the  most  costly,  and  ele elegant  gant elegant  lace,  and  everything  lovely  and  fashionable  could  con content  tent content  a  woman,  these,  I  am  sure,  during  the  last  four  years  of  her  life,  the  poor  .  girl  had.  Of  what  avail  are  they  when  this  scene  of  vanity  is  closed.  You  may  be  sure  that  the  most  liberal  sum  which  you  have  placed  to  my  credit  with  the  Messrs.  Hobson  and  Co.  shall  be  faithfully  expended  on  my  dear  little  charge.  Mrs.  Newcome  can  scarcely  be  called  his  grandmamma,  I  sup suppose  pose suppose  ;  and  I  dare  say  her  methodistical  ladyship  will  not  care  to  see  the  daughters  and  grandson  of  a  Clergyman  of  the  Church  of  England  !  My  brother  Charles  took  leave  to  wait  upon  her  when  he  presented  your  last  most  generous  bill  at  the  bank.  She  received  him  most  rudely,  and  said  a  fool  and  his  money  are  soon  parted  ;  and  when  Charles  said,  Madam,  I  am  the  brother  of  the  late  Mrs.  Major  Newcome,'  '  Sir,'  says  she,  '  I  judge  nobody  :  but  from  all  accounts,  you  are  the  brother  of  a  very  vain,  idle,  thoughtless,  extra extravagant  vagant extravagant  woman  ;  and  Thomas  Newsome  was  as  foolish  about  his  wife  as  about  his  money.'  Of  course,  unless  Mrs.  N.  writes  to  invite  dear  Clive,  I  shall  not  think  of  sending  him  to  Clapham.  Itis  such  hot  weather  that  I  cannot  wear  the  beautiful  shawl  you  have  sent  me,  and  shall  keep  it  in  lavender  till  next  winter  !  My  brother  who  thanks  you  for  your  continu continuous  ous continuous  bounty,  will  write  next  month,  and  report  progress  as  to  his  dear  pupil.  Clive  will  add  a  postscript  of  Ins  own,  and  I  am,  my  dear  Major,  with  a  thousand  thanks  for  your  kindness  to  me,  your  grateful  and  affectionate,  MARTHA.  •  Here  follows  the  postscript  :  In  a  round  hand  and  on  lines  ruled  with  pencil  :  Dearest  Papa  iam  very  well  i  hope  you  are  Very  Well.  Mr.  Sneed  brought  me  in  a  postchaise  i  like  Mr.  Sneed  very  much.  i  like  Aunt  Martha  i  like  Hannah.  There  are  no  ships  here  i  am  your  affectionate  son  Clive  '  Clevey'a  aunt  has  an  unfortunate  and  importu importunate  nate importunate  brother,  a  Clergyman  of  the  Anglican  Church,  who  is  ever  and  always  neck-deep  in  difficulties  andlbrimful  of  speculations  ;  quite  an  Esthetic  in  his  way.  He  has  written  poems,  sermons,  and  literary  refuse  of  every  sort.  At  all  events  he  is  now  determined  to  succeed  in  life.  The  elegant  and  commodious  chapel,  known  as  Lady  Whittlesea's  Denmark-street,  Mayfair,  being  for  sale,  he  deter determines  mines determines  upon  venturing  his  all'  upon  it  ;  and  hence  writes  to  the  Colonel  to  send  him  the  needful,  in  order  to  complete  his  plans.  The  letter  is  very  racy—and  quite  as  suggestive.  The  reader  will  thank  us  for  transcribing  at  least  a  portion  of  it  DEAR  COLONEL,—Did  I  not  know  the  generosity  of  your  heart,  and  the  bountiful  means  which  Heaven  has  put  at  your  disposal  in  order  to  gratify  that  noble  dis disposition  position disposition  ;  were  I  not  certain  that  the  small  sum  I  required,  will  permanently  place  me  beyond  the  reach  of  the  difficulties  of  life,  and  will  infallibly  be  repaid  before  six  months  are  over,  believe  me  I  never  would  have  ventured  upon  that  bold  step  which  our  friendship  (carried  on  epistolarily  as  it  has  been),  our  relationship,  and  your  admirable  disposition,  have  induced  me  to  venture  to  take.  That  elegant  and  commodious  chapel,  known  as  Lady  Whittlesea's,  Denmark-street,  May  Fair,  being  for  sale,  I  have  determined  on  venturing  my  all  in  its  acquisition,  and  in  laying,  as  I  hope,  the  foundation  of  a  competence  for  my myself  self myself  and  excellent  sister.  What  is  a  lodging-house  at  Brighton  but  an  uncertain  maintenance  ?  The  mariner  on  the  sea  before  those  cliffs  is  no  more  sure  of  wind  and  wave,  or  of  fish  to  his  laborious  net,  than  the  Brighton  house-  owner  (bred  in  affluence,  she  may  have  been,  and  used  to  un unremitting  remitting unremitting  plenty)  to  the  support  of  the  casual  traveller  who  visit  the  eity.ti:  On  one  day  they  come  in  shoals,  it  is  true,  but  where  arc  they  on  the  next  ?  For  many  months  my  poor  sister's  first  floor  was  a  desert,  until  occupied  by  your  noble  little  boy,  my  nephew  and  pupil.  Clive  is  everything  that  a  father's,  an  uncle's  (who  loves  him  as  a  father),  a  pastor's,  a  teacher's  affections  could  desire.  He  is  not  one  of  those  premature  geniuses  whose  much  vaunted  infantine  talents  disappear  along  with  adolescence  ;  he  is  not,  I  frankly  own,  more  advanced  in  his  classical  and  mathemati mathematical  cal mathematical  studies  than  some  children  even  younger  than  himself,  but  he  has  acquired  the  rudiments  of  health  ;  he  has  laid  in  a  store  of  honesty  and  good  humour,  which  are  not  less  likely  to  advance  him  in  life  than  mere  science  and  language,  than  the  as  in  prcesenti,.or  the  pons  asinorum.  But  I  forgot,  in  thinking  of  my  dear  little  friend  and  pupil,  that  the  subject  of  this  letter—namely,  the  acquisition  of  the  proprietary  chapel  to  which  I  have  alluded,  and  the  hopes,  nay,  certainty  of  a  fortune,  if  aught  below  is  certain,  which  that  acquisition  hold  out.  What  is  a  curacy  but  a  synonym  of  starvation  ?  If  we  accuse  the  Eremites  of  old  of  wasting  their  lives  in  unprofitable  wildernesses,  what  shall  we  say  to  many  a  hermit_  of  Protestant;  and  ,  so-called  civi-  vilised  times,  who  hides  his  head  in  a  solitude  in  Yorkshire,  and  buries  his  probably  fine  talents  in  a  Lincolnshire  fen  ?  Have  I  genius  ?  Am  I  blessed  with  gifts  of  eloquence  to  thrill  and  soothe,  to  arouse  the  sluggish,  to  terrify  the  sin sinful,  ful, sinful,  to  cheer  and  convince  the  timid,  to  lead  the  bhnd.grop bhnd.groping  ing bhnd.groping  in  darkness,  and  to  trample  the  audacious  sceptic  m  the  dust  ?  My  own  conscience,  besides  a  hundred  testimonials  from  places  of  popular,  most  popular  worship,  from  revered  prelates,  from  distinguished  clergy,  toll  me  I  have  these  gifts.  A  voice  within  me  cries,  Go  forth,  Charles  Honey Honeyman,  man, Honeyman,  fight  the  - STYLE=superscript  good  fight;;  wipe  the  tears  of  the  repentant  sinners  ;  sing  of  hope  to  the  agonized  criminal;  whisper  courage,  brother,.  courage,  at  the  ghastly  death-bed,  and  m  strike  down  the  fidel  with  the  lance  of  evidence  and  the  shield  of  reason  !'  ..  In  a  pecuniary  point  of  view  I  am  con confident,  fident, confident,  nay  the  calculations  may  be  established  as  irresistibly  as  an  algebraic  equation,  that  I  can  realise,  as  incumbent  of  Lady  Whittlesea's  chapel,  the  sum  of  not  less  than  one  thou thousand  sand thousand  pounds  per  annum.  Such  a  sum,  with  economy  (and  without  it  what  sum  were  sufficient  ?)  will  enable  me  to  pro provide  vide provide  amply  for  my  wants,  to  discharge  my  obligations  to  you,  to  my  sister,  and  some  other  creditors,  very,  very  un unlike  like unlike  you,  and  to  place  Miss  Honeyman  in  a  home  more  worthy  of  her  than  that  which  she  now  occupies,  only  to  vacate  it  at  the  beck  of  every  passing  stranger.  Then,  after  stating  the  disapprobation  of  his  sister,  and  requesting  that  young  Clive  might  be  transferred  from  her  petticoat  government  to  that  of  his  own,  with  the  accustomed  palaver  in  such  cases  made  and  provided,  he  assures  the  Colonel  that  every  regard  shall  be  paid  to  the  studies,  the  conduct,  and  even  the  highest  welfare  of  the  young  *  The  Newcomes  ;  Memoirs  of  a  most  Respectable  Family.  Edited  by  Arthur  Pendennis,  Esq.  Illustrated  by  Richard  Doyle.  No.  I.  London  ;  Bradbury  and  Evans."
