text
"LIABILITY  OF  RAILWAY  COMPAYI.ES.  Two  questions  of  some  importance,  both  to  the  trading  community,  and  to  railway  companies,  were  decided  by  the  judge  of  the  Pontefract  County  Court  (Mr.  T.  H.  Marshall)  on  Tuesday  last.  The  case  in  which  the  points  were  in involved  volved involved  was  Blackburn  v.  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway  Company.  This  was  an  action  brought  by  Geo.  Blackburn,  :a  potato  dealer  at  Brotherton,  to  recover  the  sum  of  £7  lOs  from  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway  . STYLE=superscript  Company  for  damages  sustained  by  him  from  the  neglect  of  the  company's  servants  on  the  30th  August  last,  to  deliver  in  due  time  27  sacks  of  green  peas,  received  by  the  company  at  Knottingley,  to  .be  delivered  at  Leeds.  It  appeared  that  they  were  delivered  at  the  company's  stores  in  time  for  the  train,  which  should  arrive  at  the  offices  of  the  company's  station  at  Leeds,  at  half-past  two  o'clock  in  the  morning.  They  were  not  de delivered  livered delivered  until  seven  o'clock,\  when,  the  market  being  over,  Blackburn  refused  to  take  them.  _  _  For  the  defence  it  was  alleged  that  they  were  sent  by  the  first  train  which  ought  to  have  arrived  at  the  hour  stated,  but  being  a  goods  train  was  delayed,  and  did  not  reach  until  6  o'clock  a.m.  It  was  denied  that  there  was  any  pro promise  mise promise  to  deliver  them  at  any  specific  hour,  and  that  no  servant  of  the  company  was  authorised  to  make  such  an  engage engagement.  ment. engagement.  At  all  events  it  was  contended  that  Blackburn  should  have  sold  the  peas  at  what  they  would  bring,  and  claim  the  difference.  The  judge  held  that  a  contract  was  made  to  deliver  the  peas  at  half-past  two  o'clock;  but  he  also  held  that  the  plaintiff  should  have  taken  the  peas  and  sold  them  for  some something,  thing, something,  and  sue  for  the  difference  of  value  caused  by  the  delay.  He  therefore  gave  a  decree  for  £4  48.  The  Duke  of  Bedford  has  given  the  whole  of  the  land  gratis  for  a  branch  railway  to  Tavistock,  so  far  as  the  line  will  pass  through  his  estates.  The  Dissenting  body  has  been  appealed  to,  to  contribute  to  a  testimonial  to  Professor  Maurice,  late  of  King's  College.  A  memorial  has  been  forward  from  Edinburgh,  calling  for  the  cessation  of  the  removals  of  Excise  officers.  On  Tuesday  evening  the  house  of  Mrs.  Cocker,  of  Shef Sheffield,  field, Sheffield,  was  robbed  of  £lOO  by  a  servant  of  her's,  who  got  clear  away.  STRIKE  IN  GLASGOW.  —A  Glasgow  paper  says  We  regret  to  state  that  there  are  every  probability  of  a  strike  taking  place  in  Glasgow,  in  consequence  of  seven  master  spinners  having  agreed  to  cut  down  the  scale  of  prices  agreed  to  by  all  Scotland  An  indignation  as  our  American  brethren  would  phrase  it,  was  held  in  Paisley  on  Monday  night.  The  provost  presided,  and  Mr.  Urquhart  addressed  the  assembly.  Resolutions  condemnatory  of  the  policy  of  Lord  Aberdeen  were  proposed  and  passed.  On  Thursday,  a  young  woman,  aged  22,  flung  herself  off  Blackfriars-bridge.  The  unfortunate  creature,  falling  on  the  abutments,  broke  both  her  thighs,  but  she  was  taken  up  ere  life  was  extinct.  EXPORT  OF  SCOTCH  Inox.—The  total  declared  value  of  iroi  exported  is  70  per  cent  more  than  last  year,  but  there  has  been  about  one  fourth  more  iron  exported.  The  price  paid  on  the  average  for  every  ton  of  iron  exported  this  year,  including  wrought  iron  of  all  sorts,  is  40  per  cent  more  than  the  price  paid  last  year.—North  British.  Mail.  HOLIDAY  ON  THE  26TH  INSTANT.  --A  report  that  the  Stock  Exchange  will  be  closed  on  Monday,  the  26th  instant,  is  premature.  The  committee  have  not,  and  will  not,  come  to  a  decision  on  the  subject  until  the  Saturday  previous  (24th),  and  their  resolution  will  be  regulated  by  the  course  of  events  in  the  East.  FATAL  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.—  On  the  night  of  Tuesday  last  an  accident  occurred  at  the  Glasgow  and  South  Western  Railway  Station,  by  which  an  industrious  man,  named  John  Crawford,  employed  as  fireman  on  one  of  the  engines,  was  deprived  of  life.  The  Ayr  train  fiad  arrived  about  half halfpast  past halfpast  ten  o'clock,  and  made  the  usual  stoppage  a  short  dis distance  tance distance  from  the  platform,  to  admit  of  the  engine  shunting  off  and  recoupling  behind.  It  was  while  thus  engaged  that  the  deceased  missed  his  footing,  and  falling  between  the  engine  and  tender,  was  instantly  killed  on  the  spot.  He  has  left  a  wife  and  two  children.—North  British  Mail  CONCEALMENT  OF  WRECKAGE--Joseph  and  John  Law Lawrence  rence Lawrence  and  William  Southgate,  belonging  to  the  smack  Martha,  of  Rowhedge,  were  summoned  by  Mr.  Raggett,  comptroller  of  Customs  at  Colchester,  before  the  magistrates  at  Colchester  castle  on  Saturday  last,  for  having  in  their,  possession,  on  the  2d  December,  certain  goods  and  stores  recovered  from  a  wreck,  of  the  value  of  £2O,  and  unlawfully  concealing  the  same,  contrary  to  the  statute,  whereby  they  had  forfeited  double  the  value  of  the  goods,  and  a  penalty  not  exceeding  £lOO.  The  'magistrates  at  the  suggestion  of  the  prosecutors  allowed  the  accused  to  compromise  for  a  payment  of  £2  10s.  each.  THE  GROWTH  AND  PREPARATION  OP  FLAX  IN  YORK YORKsin:Rm.—A  sin:Rm.—A YORKsin:Rm.—A  meeting  of  parties  interested  in  flax  was  held  at  the  Leeds  court-house,  on  Thursday,  for  the  purpose  of  con considering  sidering considering  the  best  mode  of  promoting  the  culture  of  this  article.  Henry  Cholmondely,  Esq.,  of  Brandsby,  was  in  the  chair.  Some  influential  parties  at  Leeds  having  de determined  termined determined  to  raise  and  appropriate  the  annual  sum  of  £lOO  and  upwards  to  promoting  the  :object,  it  was  determined  that  three  prizes  should  be  offered  at  the  next  annual  show  of  the  Yorkshire  Agricultural  Society,  which  will  bo  bold  at  Ripon.  in  August,  1851  ;  fizbt  for  the  best  specimens  of  flax  grown  within  ten  miles  of  Leeds  ;  secondly,  for  the  best  specimen  of  flax  straw  grown  in  Yorkshire  ;  and  thirdly,  for  the  best  specimen  of  scutched  flax  produced  in  Yorkshire.  A  dreadful  malaria  fever  has  broken  out  at  Swansea,  ameng  the  parties  who  had  attended  a  country  ball  ;  the  number  of  the  sufferers  is  variously  reported  from  20  to  40,  and  it  is  asserted  that  this  distressing  affliction  has  been  occasioned  by  the  accidental  breaking  into  an  old  drain  during  some  alterations  carried  on  in  the  immediate  vicinity  of  the  ball-room,  and  which  it  is  said  had  not  been  opened  for  upwards  of  twenty  years.  The  Rev.  George  Traherne,  a  clergyman  greatly  esteemed  in  the  neighbourhood,  and  Miss  Richards,  of  Roath,  cut  down  in  the  bloom  of  youth  and  beauty,  have  fallen  victims  to  the  terrible  malady.  Members  of  nearly  all  the  influential  families  in  the  district,  who  attended  the  ball,  are  suffering  in  the  same  way,  many  of  them  not  expected  to  recover—among  those  are  members  of  the  families  Sir  G.  Tyler,  M.P.  ;  Mr.  Booker,  M.P.  ;  and  others.  THE  WINDBOUND  IN  THE  DARDANELLES.—The  Sun Sunderland  derland Sunderland  chamber  of  commerce  have  addressed  the  board  of  trade,  urging  the  adoption  of  measures  by  her  majesty's  government  for  facilitating  the  transit  of  grain-laden  ves vessels  sels vessels  through  the  Dardanelles  and  the  Bosphorus,  and  also,  if  necessary,  through  the  straits  of  Gibraltar,  by  allowing  her  majesty's  steam  vessels,  when  not  otherwise  employed,  to  assist  in  towing  them.  The  mercantile  community  have  been  much  disappointed  in  the  result  of  their  application.  In  consequence  of  the  government  steamers  in  the  Bosphorus  being  otherwise  fully  engaged,  and  there  being  none  avail available  able available  at  Gibraltar  for  such  a  duty,  the  reply  received  has  been  to  the  effect  that  the  request  of  the  memoralists  can cannot  not cannot  be  granted.  It  appears  that  the  French  government,  on  this,  as  on  a  former  occasion  of  a  like  expediency,  has  given  instructions  for  the  vessels  belonging  to  France  to  be  towed  by  the  Magellan  steamer  ;  probably  when  she  has  completed  her  task  some  of  the  English  vessels  may  be  indebted  to  the  courtesy  of  her  commander  for  like  assis assistance.  tance. assistance.  Last  the  English  government  should  entertain  an  incorrect  idea  of  the  importance  of  the  service  it  has  been  me memorialised  morialised memorialised  to  grant,  the  Liverpool,  and  several  other  cham chambers  bers chambers  of  commerce  purpose  addressing  a  similar  communica communication  tion communication  to  the  board  of  trade.  NEWALL'S  RAILWAY  BBBAK.—A  special  train,  consisting  of  six  carriages  and  two  break  vans,  started  from  the  Euston  station  of  the  London  and  North-Western  railway  yesterday,  for  the  purpose  of  testing  the  value  of  the  new  system  of  breaks  patented  by  Mr.  Newall,  the  engineer  of  the  East  Lincolnshire  Railway.  The  train  left  the  Euston  station  and  proceeded  to  Watford,  making  two  stoppages  on  the  way.  At  a  point  near  Harrow  the  train  was  travelling  at  the  speed  of  about  twenty-six  miles  an  hour,  when  the  break  was  ap applied,  plied, applied,  and  in  thirty-two  seconds  it  was  brought  to  a  stand,  the  distance  run  from  the  time  of  applying  the  break  to  its  final  stopping  being  293  yards,  upon  an  ascending  gradient  of  lin  341.  At  the  next  experiment  the  train  was  travelling  at  the  rate  of  forty-one  miles  per  hour,  the  break  was  applied,  and  in  301  seconds,  and  within  340  yards,  upon  an  ascending  gradient  of  1  in  603,  the  train  was  brought  to  a  stand.  At  a  short  distance  from  Pinner,  however,  the  breaks  were  applied,  when  the  train  was  travelling  at  the  speed  of  forty  miles  an  hour,  but  it  was  not  brought  to  a  stand  within  700  or  800  yards.  BUSENB&amp;S  OF  THB,HOUSE  OF  COMMONS.—It  appears  by  a  return  moved  for  by  Mr.  Brotherton,  that  the  number  of  motions  made  in  the  session  of  1849  that  the  house  do  now  was  11  ;  6  of  these  were  withdrawn,  and  5  were  negatived  upon  a  division.  A  similar  return  for  1850  shows  the  number  of  motions  upon  the  same  question  was  21  ;  11  of  these  were  were  withdrawn,  2  were  agreed  to,  9  were  di divided  vided divided  upon,  and  8  were  negatived.  In  1851  the  number  of  similar  motions  was  20  ;  11  of  these  were  withdrawn,  7  were  negatived  upon  a  division,  and  2  were  agreed  to.  In  11852  the  number  of  similar  motions  was  15  ;  of  these  7  were  withdraWn,  4  were  negatived,  and  4  were  divided  upon.  In  1853  the  number  of  similar  motions  was  21  ;  of  these  7  were  withdrawn,  7  were  divided  upon,  and  6  were  negatived.  The  same  return  further  shows,  that  in  1849  the  total  num number  ber number  of  times  the  following  questions  were  put—that  the  house  do  now  adjourn,  that  the  debate  be  now  adjourned.  that  the  chairman  report  progress,  that  the  chairman  do  now  leave  the  chair—amounts  to  42  2  •  14  of  these  w  ere  with withdrawn,  drawn, withdrawn,  26  of  them  were  negatived,  2  were  agreed  to,  and  27  were  divided  upon.  The  total  number  for  1850  amounts  to  86  ;  of  these  39  were  withdrawn,  40  were  negatived,  7  were  agreed  to,  and  44  were  divided  upon.  For  the  session  of  1851  the  total  number  amounts  to  74;  of  these  27  were  withdrawn,  41  were  negatived,  6  were  agreed  to,  and  40  were  divided  upon.  In  the  session  of  1852  the  total  num number  ber number  was  39  ;  of  these  19  were  withdrawn,  10  were  negatived,  1  was  agreed  to,  and  9  were  divided  upon.  In  the  session.  of  1853  the  total  number  was  83  ;  of  these  21  were  with withdrawn,  drawn, withdrawn,  30  were  negatived,  5  were  agreed  to,  and  27  were  divided  upon.  The  number  of  motions  for  an  adjourned  debate  was,  for  the  session  of  1849,  15  ;  of  these  5  were  withdrawn,  8  were  negatived,  and  10  divided  upon.  For  the  session  of  1850  the  number  of  similar  motions  was  33  ;  14  of  these  were  withdrawn,  18  were  negatived,  and  19  were  divided  upon.  In  the  session  of  1851  the  same  motion  was  made  23,  and  in  the  session  of  1852  it  was  only  made  14  times,  but  in  1853  the  total  number  reaches  33  again,  of  which  6  were  withdrawn,  12  were  negatived,  and  13  were  divided  upon."
