text
"IN!OililM.  -.,.  SABBATH  DEFENCE.  GREAT  MEETING  IN  ST.  GEORGE'S  HALL  A  public  meeting  of  the  inhabitants  of  Liverpool  favoura favourable  ble favourable  to  the  adoption  of  measures  for  the  defence  of  the  Sabbath,  was  held  in  St.  George's-hall,  yesterday.  The  meeting  was  convened  by  placard  and  advertisement,  and  admission  was  given  by  ticket.  Peoplo  began  to  pour  into  the  hall  more  than  an  hour  before  the  time  appointed  for  the  commencement  of  the  proceedings,  and,  at  half-past  eleven  o'clock,  the  immense  hall  was  thoroughly  crowded.  The  organ  platform  w  a  s  s  et  apart  for  the  speakers  and  their  friends,  and  was  densely  filled.  Indeed,  the  applications  for  ?ickets  were  so  numerous  that  it  became  necessary  to  divide  the  assemblage,  and,  accordingly,  it  was  announced  by  advertisement,  yesterday  morning,  that  a  meeting  f  or  the  same  purpose  would  be  held  at  the  Concert-11,11  at  the  same  hour,  where  those  who  could  not  obtain  admission  to  St.  George's-hall  were  requested  to  attend.  At  twelve  o'clock  St.  r,  •  .•  George'  -hall  was  as  thoroughly  filled  as  it  could•  well  be.  those  upon  the  platform  were—Revs.  S.  B.  Strtop,  I).  T.  Barry,  T.  Dawson,  J.  Gilmour,  11.  J.  Garrod.  Wm.  Hurt,  —.'Vaughan,  B.  S.  Clarke,  G.  C.  Harvard,  W.  A.  Mocatta,  D.  Joseph,  H.  Tensh  Hecker,  Webb,  Dr.  Hill Hillcoat,  coat, Hillcoat,  John  Roberts,  J.  B.  Lowe,  John  Hughes,  T.  C.  Cowan,  A.  Knox,  D.  Anderson,  Thomas  Sleigh,  Josiah  Pear,oo,  L.  Thomas,  D.  Price,  James  Mann,  D.  J..  Hirsch,  J.  Gibson,  E.  Williams,  T.  0.  Powell,  Walter  Smith,  R.  D.  Fowell,  W.  T.  Newenham,  H.  Marleu.  W.  M.  Falloon,  H.  (nettle,  T.  Robinson,  Thos  Jones,  J.  J.  Moss,  Dr.  Blakeney,  F.  A.  Power,  S.  Fenton,  R.  H.  bundle,  Dr.  Hellmuth,  R.  Vincent  Sheldon,  W.  Jones,  J.  Nicholas,  J.  Herbert  Jones  . STYLE=superscript  ,  Joseph  Bardsley,  W.  Rawson,  C.  W.  Lawrence,  H.  Carpenter,  Job  Kelly,  F.  M.  Harke,  C.  J.  Hamilton,  W.  Woods,  V.  White,  H.  APINTeile,  D.D.,  S.  Minton  ;  J.  11.  Jobr  Charles  Inman,  William  Crossfield,  J.  K.  Rounthwaite,  Cleaver,  Josiah  Jones,  Wm.  Jones,  David  Hodgsoo,  Edward  Jones,  David  Rowland,  John  Reed,  Hugh  Donald Donaldson,  son, Donaldson,  George  J.  Duncan,  Joseph  Robinson,  Edmund  Buckley,  Thomas  Haigh,  Joseph  Leather,  Wm.  Brown,  Wm.  Jones,  (Fulwood),  Samuel  Hohne,  Owen  Williams,  Statham,  F.  A.  Clint,  John  Eden,  William  Gregson,  J.  A.  Tobin,  J  a  mes  Montgomery,  Herbert  Campbell,  John  Campbell,  Anthony  Jones  Royston  F.  Boultbee,  T.  D.  Anderson,  Thomas  D  e  nt,  Ball,  J.  B.  Williams,  J.  R.  Jeffery,  John  Crone,  ,bert  Williams,  John  Brownbill,  William  Ackers,  John  Win  . STYLE=superscript  :  Williams,  John  Atkinson,  Thomas  Kaye,  Roberts  ;  The  Rev.  V.  M.  White  and  the  Rev.  Mr.  Hark°  acted  as  secretariea.  The  chair  was  taken  amid  loud  cheers  by  Thomas  Berry  Horsfall,  Esq.,  M.P.  The  Chairman  called  upon  the  Rev.  M.  Birrell  to  open  the  pmeedings  with  a  prayer.  The  Rev.  M.  Birrell  accordingly  delivered  a  prayer  appro appropriate  priate appropriate  to  the  occasion  of  the  meeting.  The  Chairman  then  said—Ladies,:and  Gentlemen  :  Balieving  as  I  do  that  the  object  of  the  present  meeting  is  one  of  tho  greatest  national  importance,  I  do  indeed  rejoice  to  see  this  noble  building  crowded  to  overflowing.  (Careers.)  You,  no  doubt,  are  aware  of  the  circumstances  in  which  this  meeting  originates.  You,  no.  doubt,  are  aware,  that  attempts  have  been  made,  and  that  attempts  will  be  - STYLE=superscript  made  again,  to  infringe  upon,  the  national  observance  of  the  Sabbath  which  has  hitherto  characterised  the  people  of  this  country.  You,  probably,  know  that  in  the  late  session  of  parliament•  a  motion  was  brought  forward,  having  for  its  object  the  opening  -of  the  British  Museum,  and  of  the  National  Gallery,.  upon  Sundays.  lam  happy,  however,  to  say,  or  at  least  to  romind  you,  that  that  motion  was  rejected  by  a  majority  of-  -235  to  '43.  (Loud  cheers.)  On  that  occasion,  at  least,•  I  believe  that  the  Commons  of  England  represented  the  peopl  e  of  fitij fitijland.  land. fitijland.  (Hear,  hear,  and  reuewed  cheen.)  Encouraged,  I  her,  in  some  degree  by  that  decisive  measure,  Lord  Robert  Grosvenor  with  the  best  possible  intention,  but  I  believe  with  mistaken  judgment,  introduced  a  bill  for  the  better  regulation  of  Sunday  trading.  The  whole  principle  appeared  to  tne  to  be  given  up,  in  the  title  of  that  bill.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  whole  p  inciple  appeared  to  me  to  be  given  up,  of  a  holy  sabbath—and  I  felt  it  my  duty,  with  the  greatest  personal'  respect  for  Lf.rd  Robert  Grosvenor,  a  man  who  is  most  anxious  to  promote  every  thing  which  is  good-4  felt  it  my  duty  to  vote  against  that  bill.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  although  I  could  not  but  deeply  deplore  the  spirit  in  which  it  was  opposed  by  many,  and  the  disturbances  which-.  were  consequent  upon  it,  yet  1  could•  but•rejoice  that  that  bill  did  not  become  the  lsw  of  the  land.  (Cries  of  hear,  hear.)  For  we  must  bear  in  mind  that  the  bill  went  to  legalise  traffic  upon  a  certain  portion  of  the  Lord's  day.  (near,  hear.)  At  present  the  law  of  the  land  repudiates  such  traffic  altogether.  (Hear,  hear.)  Encouraged,  I  fear,  by  by  what  occurred  with  reference  to  Lord  Robert  Grosvenor  °, STYLE=superscript  bill,  Sir  Benjamin  Hall  has  taken  it  upon  himself,  as  Chief  Commissioner  of  Woods  and  Forests,  to  open  R  . STYLE=superscript  —ens.ngte  Gardens  for  music  performances  upon  Sundays.  Now.  •- STYLE=superscript  Ball  may  think  he  has  Omni:  as  regards  woods  and  forests,  as  commissioner,  but  there  is  a  power  above  Sir  Bcb,  min  Hall,  and  that  is  the  power  of  public  opinion—(Cheers)-  1 STYLE=superscript  and  a  higher  power  still,  which  ,ays,  the  Sabbath  not  a  day:of  rest  only,  but  keep  in  (Loud  sheers,  and  cries  of  hear,  hear.)  Again,  1  may  mention  OA  yir  John  Shelley,  encouraged,  I  fear,  by  what  had  .taken  se  in  regard  to  Lord  Robert  Grosver,...  , STYLE=superscript  -  .he  Lief)  twin  power  f  ,aor'a  bill,  before  she  last  session,  gave  notice  that  upon  an  early  day  suing  ries  , STYLE=superscript  ion,  be,  should  bring  forward  a  motion  pro'  .ay  similar  in  terms  to  that  which  was  rejected  by  so  lA.CgO  a  majority  Commons--a  in  the  House  of  Commons--a  motion  f  or  open  ing  the  British  Museum  and  the  National  Galleries  on  SuadaYP'  Now  ia  the  time,  then,  for  the  people  of  England--far  tbsi  pt  op  .0  of  Liverpool—to  speak  o  u  t.  (H  ear,  arm  cheers.)  Aw  l  I  trust  that  they  will  let  it  bo  seen  that  they  at  least  arc  or  posed  to  any  such  desecration  of  the  Sabbath  day.  (Cheers.)  I  believe  that  this  a  question  more  deeply  affecting  the  work'  ing  men  than  any  other  class  in  this  kingdom.  (Hear,  bear)  If  we  once  admit  the  principle,  or  expedieucy,  of  opening,  the  British  Museum  and  National  Gallery,  upon  what  principle  shall  we  refuse  to  allow  private  places  of  amusement  to  he  opened  on  the  Sunday  ?  (General  cries  of  hear,  hear')  And  if  we  give  up  the  principle  —if  we  go  merely  upon  th°  expediency—how  can  we  prevent  the  working  man  and  Ide  master  from  agreeing  together  to  work  on  the  Sabbath,  merely  substituting  a  day  of  work  for  a  day  of  amusement  ?  (Hear'  hear.)  We  have  already  given  up  the  whole  principle  iq  permitting  lit  as  a  day  o  f  amusement,  and  it  is  no  stretch  of  the  principle  to  say  that  it  may  be  a  day  of  work.  (Hear.  hear.)  I  say  then  that  the  working  men  of  England  are  more  deeply  interested  in  this  question  than  any  other  class  in  the  coat'  g STYLE=superscript  t  , STYLE=superscript  those  shoul  d  %vuh  i  ,  d  °  have  (Hear,  hear.)  I  m  i  g  h  t  go  Gil  to  argue  varievarious STYLE=superscript  questions,  or  various  p  o  i  n  t  s  i  nvo  l  ve  d  in  thisimportant  question'  but  be:osteppingthatkin  l  d  l  l  c  y  n  o  ou  t  wit  ni  o  l  d  v  fe  e  rm  l  t  l  ay  k  th  !p  a  r  t,  o  tv  a  oi  s  n  c  mc  h  eo:  chairm  an  da  a  n  n  idn  o  t  f  esre  t  f  h  ceo  i  r  s  ni  Idi  m  g  et  with  e  resolutions.  t  in  But  I  shall  not  sit  down  with  ou  t  expressing  my  earnest  hope,  that  the  example  set  this  d  a  y  b  y  Li  verpool  may  spread  through  the  length  and  breadth  i  f  th  e  l  an  d  ,  and  the  British  legislature  may  be  made  to  know  th  a  t  w  h  atever  other  nations  may  do,  tin?  people  of  England  still  l  ove  ,  an  d  are  determined  to  'reaieol  the  Christian  Sabbath.  (Hear,  hear,  and  loud  cheers,  amid  which  the  chairman  resumed  his  seat.)  .  .  The  Rev.  Mr.  Harke  then  read  a  letter  from  Rev.  William.  Pollock,  expressing  his  regret  that  he  was  suddenly  ca  lled  away,  and  prevented  from  attending  the  Meeting,  but  adding  that,  as  it  would  be  necessary  soon  to  hold  an  evening  meeting  upon  the  same  subject,  he  would  there  be  able  to  come  f  o  r*  ward,  and  give  the  testimony  which  he  had  been  anxious  to  give  that  day.  The  Chairman  again  rose  and  said  he  had  been  requested  to  announce  that,  in  consequence  of  the  great  pressure  at  the  doors,  a  portion  of  the  meeting  had  adjOurned  'to  the  Concert'  ball,  where  resolutions,  similar  to  those  to  be  proposed  here,  would  be  submitted.  •  -  The  Rev.  Dr.  M'Neile,  who  was  received  with  cheers,  thee  rose  and  said,—Sir  ;  The  resolution  entrusted  to  my  advocacy  is  itself  a  speech.  It  is  as  follows  :  That  this  meeting  regards  the  Sabbath  as  an  ordinance  essentially  divine  :  It  believes  that  it  was  given  by  God  to  man,  immediately  o  n  his  creation,  as  a  day  both  of  religious  observance,  and  of  physical  rest;  that,  having  meantime  obtained  a  distinct  recognition,  it  was  solemnly  re-enacted  in  the  publication  of  the  moral  law;  that  its  sanctification  was  continually  pleaded,  for,  its  profenr  . STYLE=superscript  tion  continually  r  e  b  u  k  e  d,  b  y  t  h  e  voice  of  the'prophets;  that  ii  was  redeemed  from  traditional  corruption  by  Christ  himself'  who,  being  the  great  founder  of  the  Christian  church,  did  noV  hesitate  to  proclaim  himself  'Lord  also  of  the  Sabbath  ;'  and  that,  accordingly,  it  wa,„  p  resent  l  y,  transferred  by  the  inspired,  ,  Apostles  to  the  first  day  of  the  week,  whence  it  became,  thence'  forth,  especially  the  'the  Lord'  s  -d  ay,  '  b  e  i  ng  the  day  pi  bit  Sir,  some  objectors  have  been  taunting  us  that  the  meeting  to-day  would  not  be  the  meeting  of  the  working  classes,  held  as  it  is,  at  such  an  hour.'  Sir  (pointing  to  the  audience),  there  is  an  answer.  (Cheers.)  Many  of  the  work.  •  ing  classes  are  here.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  I  request  these  who  have  it  in  their  power  (addressing  the  reporters)  to  reco  r  d  0°  fact  through  the  whole'  world,  that  a  comparatively  large  number  of  working  men  occupy  the  hall  this  morning.  M  e  er.)  Sir,  this  is  a  great  occasion,  a  glorious  occasion.  It  is  spirit'  stirring  to  be  engaged  in  a  great  battle.  It  is  quieting  ilnd  assuring  to  be  engaged  on  the  Lord's  side.  I  would  rather  sustain  a  defeat,  whilst  fighting  ou  the  Lord's  side,  ihan  rt  tie  a  victory  whilst  fighting  against  him.  (Hear,  hear.)  'All,  the  reverses  of  his  faithful  ser  vants  are  temporary,  as  all  the  successes  of  his  adversaries  are  also  temporary.  00  subject  is  the  Lord's  day.  T.:e  branch  of  the  subject  selected  for  this  first  resolution  i  s  ,  th  at  the  observance  of  the  Lord'&#34;  day  rests  on  essentially  divine  authority,  and,  of  course'  involves  an  essentially  religious  obligation.  Other  brancbq  of  the  subject,  in  its  bearings  on  practical  questions  ° STYLE=superscript  1  oar  own  times,  will  be  discussed  by  other  speakers.  J  3 STYLE=superscript  ).,  i STYLE=superscript  f  this,  the  first  in  importance,  is  justly  first  in  order.  course,  in  treating  it,  I  go  at  once  to  the  Scriptures'  (Hear,  hear.)  I  take  the  Bible,  all  of  it,  as  the  word  o  f  the  living  God.  If  any  man  deny  this  we  have  a  controversy  with  him  of  a  totally  different  kind  ;  but  our  chief  opponent  in  this  quest  i  on  are  not  avowed  infidels.  The  obligation  °  the  S  a  bb  a  th  d  oes  no  t  appear  in  anything  in  external  nature'  Neither  stare  nor  planets  speak  a  word  of  it.  Flowers  a°  fossils  give  no  intimation  of  it.  We  cannot  wonder,  then;  that  the  divine  nature  o  f  the  Sabbath,  which  i  s  denied  by  t  h STYLE=superscript  avowed  infidel,  leav  es  hi  m,  and  those  who  act  with  him,  at  .  „../;  loss  what  to  do  on  suc  h  an  occasion  as  this.  Opening  my  bif  I  find  the  beloved  disciple  of  Jesus  Christ  specifying  the  day  on  which  he  had  some  o  f  h  is  moat  sublime  visions.  Ile  I  was  in  the  s  pi  r  i  t  on  the  Lord's  day.  I  then  asked  rore  what  day  was  that?  And  I  have  no  difficulty  iu  ans  werifig  ;  it  was  the  day  o  f  th  e  R  esurrection  of  the  Lord  Jeans,  close  o  the  en  inunlty"
