text
"TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  SIR,—As  your  leading  article  of  to-day  reflects  on  the  magistrates  at  Birkenhead  for  allowing  the  examination  of  Mr.  Clegg  to  be  taken  in  private,  I  feel  it  due  to  those  gentlemen  to  say  that  it  was  in  compliance  with  my  solicitation,  as  counsel  for  the  prisoner,  that  in  this  instance  they  departed  from  their  usual  course.  I  requested  them  to  do  so,  be because,  cause, because,  from  the  nature  of  the  case,  I  knew  that  I  must  rely  on  the  inconsistencies  of  the  witnesses  for  the  prosecution.  Had  the  examination  been  adjourned,  as  I  expected  it  would  be,  the  publica publication  tion publication  of  the  evidence  in  the  interim  might  have  en enabled  abled enabled  some  of  the  witnesses  collusively  to  reconcile  their  statements.  My  objections  were  considered  reasonable  by  the  magistrates,  and  they  acqui acquiesced.  esced. acquiesced.  In  your  general  principle  I  entirely  concur,  but  I  know  from  experience  that  it  does  not  admit  of  universal  application,  and  this  appeared  to  me  a  very  proper  exception  to  a  very  proper  rule.  I  am,  Sir,  yours  very  obediently,  GEORGE  STEPHEN.  THE  POLICE,  THE  PUBLIC,  AND  THE  PUBLICANS.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OP  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Sin,—As  you  gave  the  most  lengthy  report  of  the  case  which  occurred  in  the  Police  Court  yesterday,  in  which  I  complained  of  the  conduct  of  certain  police  officers,  I  deem  it  my  duty  to  communicate  to  you  the  result  of  the  recommended  by  Mr.  Wybergh,  to  our  Chief  Constable,  in  sen sentences  tences sentences  brief  and  pertinent.  At  three  o'clock  this  afternoon  I  was  sent  for,  and  appeared  before  a  small  Committee,  of  whom  Captain  Greig  appeared  one—l  may  say,  in  dicta dictation,  tion, dictation,  a  leading  one.  I  was  requested  to  state  my  complaint,  which  I  did  in  terms  corresponding  with  my  letter  of  yesterday.  Three  officers  ap appeared  peared appeared  in  defence  ;  the  first  gave  his  explanation  :  He  had  received  information  that  the  house  (the  Mansion  was  in  the  habit  of  doing  a  large  Sunday  morning  trade.  Both  the  South  and  North  men  got  the  same  information,  and  met,  to  visit  the  same  house  in  the  same  street,  at  the  same  hour  (Query—singular  coincidence's  ?)  ;  that  he  knocked  at  the  door,  but  receiving  no  answer,  they  entered  by  the  area,  which  was  down  two  steps.  The  next  officer  asserted  that  he  accompanied  the  foregoing  witness  through  the  area,  over  which  was  an  iron  grating;  there  was  no  window.*  As  there  were  no  steps,  and  as  there  was  a  plate  glass  window,  I  at  once  denied  this  evidence,  and  requested  the  Committee  to  visit  my  establish establishment,  ment, establishment,  which  was  within  two  minutes'  walk;  .they  declined.  But,  suggested  Captain  Greig,  has  this  window  not  been  used  as  an  entrance?  My  reply  was  I  did  not  allow  it  to  be  used  as  one.  I  would  discharge  any  servant  going  in  or  out  that  way.  It  was  constructed  as  grids  were,  having  no  back  yard  to  get  coals  in,  and  to  get  ashes  out;  but  I  could  not  say  that  my  servants  might  not  have  gone  in  or  out  that  way.  I  could  not  prove  that  which  I  did  not  know  ;  I  could  not  give  evidence  on  a  negative.  With  regard  to  knocking  at  the  door,  the  kitchen  windows  were  open,  and  two  or  three  servants  visible  from  the  street,  and  if  the  knock  was  not  heard  from  our  being  up  stairs,  a  communication  could  have  been  made  to  them.  But  when  I  asked  if  I  could  prove  that  no  one  knocked,  would  it  alter  the  case  ?  The  reply  was,  it  would  only  impugn  the  word  of  a  first-class  officer,  and  of  course  not  alter  the  features  of  the  case.  As  it,  however,  might  have  been  used  as  an  entrance,  and  as  one  of  the  Committee  said,  the  officers  occasionally  had  to  go  over  walls  to  gain  convictions,  it  was  agree agreeably  ably agreeably  decided  that  my  area,  with  plate  glass  win windows  dows windows  and  iron  bars,  was  an  entrance  for  officers  (in  ruffian  dresses),  to  gain  admission  to  an  English Englishman's  man's Englishman's  home  on  the  Sabbath.  So  far,  the  case  is  settled  with  the  Police  Com Committee,  mittee, Committee,  but  as  they  have  no  legal  power,  what  might  I  have  expected  ?  It  is  hushed  up,  by  making  my  window  into  a  door—decided  so  by  gentlemen  who  never  saw  it  1  Are  the  public  to  suffer  such  a  system  to  prevail?  To  preserve  the  law  in  all  its  dignity  is  my  de desire,  sire, desire,  but  to  fancy  a  Brigand-like  who  may  assume  the  name  of  officers,  to  enter  my  estab establishinent  lishinent establishinent  where  there  are  lone  females,  by  a  win window,  dow, window,  will  be  by  me  for  ever  resisted  with  all  the  power  that  God  and  nature  has  given  me.  Yours,  Sir,  R.  M.  WALKER  Mansion  House  Hotel,  Drury  Lane,  'luesaay  hvening..  •-  _  .  .  With  regard  to  the  large(?)  Sunday  trade,  I  have  only  been  three  weeks  a  licensed  victualler.  And  during  two  years  keeping  a  restaurant,  I  never  opened  on  the  Sabbath.  The  area  alluded  to  is  41  inches  wide,  extending  from  the  main  wall  to  the  street,  direct  13  inches,  and  the  weight  of  the  grating,  which  is  dia diagonal,  gonal, diagonal,  is  not  less,  I  should  say,  than  one  hundred  weight.  *  This  officer  afterwards  admitted  there  might  be  a  win window,  dow, window,  and  the  other,  that  there  were  probably  no  steps,  but  said  that  it  was  very  easy  to  get  in."
