text
"present  splendid  range  of  the  Bandon  basin  to  provide  those  means  for  building  yards  on  a  convenient  site,  he  is  still  acting  on  the  very  same  principles.  Somewhere  about  th  e  Bootle  land-marks  I  see  a  new  dock  is  proposed  wher  e  building  accommodation  is  to  be,  provided  for  the  trade  of  Liverpool.  (Hear,  hear).  A  MEMBER  :  Does  the  Earl  of  Derby's  land  go  that  far  ?  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  GRA.YSON  :  I  cannot  imagine  that  the  authorities  are  actuated  by  any  ill  feeling  towards  the  shipbuilding  trade  ;  but  had  they  been  so,  no  course  could  have  been  more  cal calculated  culated calculated  to  ruin  and  drive  the  trade  of  shipbuilding  from  the  port  than  that  exercised  by  the  authorities  of  Liverpool.  (Applause).  I  need  not  go  farther  than  this  very  room.  Is  this  miserable  and  wretched  hovel,  after  paying  for  years  for  the  graving  -docks,  a  suitable  place  formeeting  theharbour  master,  and  regulating.  This  is  the  place  applied  for  our  use;  lean  only  accept  it  as  a  token  of  the  esteem,  or  rather  the  want  of  it,  in  which,  as  a  body,  we  are  held  and  treated  by  the  authorities  of  the  town—the  Dock  Committee  I  most  particularly  refer  to.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  W.  B.  JONES  believed  the  place  was  built  for  Mr.  Hartley's  shovels  and  picks.  Mr.  GRAYSON  :  I  am  glad  to  see  the  provision  which  has  been  made  for  shipbuilding  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  water;  it  is  far  better  than  none  at  all;  but  for  the  sake  of  the  good  old  town,  I  would  have  been  still  more  happy  to  have  it  granted  on  this  side  of  the  Mersey.  (Hear,  hear).  I  have  to  apologise  to  you  for  occupying  what  I  know  to  be  valuable  time  ;  but  it  appears  to  me  we  are  engaged  in  a  very  important  matter,  and  if  I  shall  not  be  intrusive  I  will  go  still  further  into  the  features  of  the  case.  I  believe  from  the  information  I  received  in  the  notice,  it  is  considered  necessary,  by  a  number  of  members  of  the  association,  that  we  should  now  adopt  serious  measures  to  improve  the  state  of  our  trade  by  the  introduction  of  strangers.  Now,  some something  thing something  like  twelve  months  ago,  when  this  pressure  of  business  first  arose,  a  deputation  from  this  association  attended,  and  a  very  unusual  circumstance  it  was,  but  to  show  they  were  desirous  of  doing  everything  in  their  power  that  rea reasonable  sonable reasonable  men  could  do,—  a  deputation  from  this  association  waited  on  the  journeymen  at  their  club-  room  in  Bond Bondstreet,  street, Bondstreet,  and  there  urged  on  them  the  necessity  of  their  adopt adopting  ing adopting  some  measures  for  providing  an  increased  number  of  shipwrights  to  do  the  work  of  the  port.  I  believe  Mr.  M'Elroy  specified  the  number,  but  at  least  there  was  work  for  300  or  400  additional  men.  Mr.  M'EraloY  :  400  or  500  was  named.  Mr.  GRATsoli:  However,  the  number  was  absolutely  stated  that  we  required  for  their  own  interest,  for  our  inte interest,  rest, interest,  and  the  interest  of  the  public.  Had  they  acted  on  the  advice  given  in  so  friendly  a  spirit—and  I  wish  the  same  spirit  had  animated  the  men  ;  but  they  appear  from  some  injudicious  remarks  made  here,  to  have  got  the  impres impression  sion impression  that  we  are  taking  and  acting  the  part  of  tyrants  towards  them.  I  can  only  speak  the  sentiments  of  the  whole  body,  when  I  state  that  no  set  of  masters  are  actuated  by  better  or  kindlier  feelings  than  the  master  ship shipwrights  wrights shipwrights  of  Liverpool  towards  their  operatives.  (Applause).  I  fear  it  is  in  a  .spirit  of  retaliation  that  ever  since  our  meetings  were  made  public,  the  journeymen  have  gone  greater  lengths  than  they  did  formerly.  It  is  only  within  the  last  few  weeks  we  have  had  complaints  from  them  on  the  breach  of  the  rules,  in  employing  more  than  one  appren apprentice  tice apprentice  to  the  proportion  of  three  men.  They  have  tacitly  coincided  with  us  in  the  necessity  of  this  during  the  whole  of  the  past  year,  and  I  repeat,  I  think  it  is  in  a  spirit  of  retaliation  at  the  present  moment  that  they  are  now  endeavouring  to  throw  that  in;our  faces,  and  to  charge  us  with  a  breach  of  the  rule.  However,  before  we  take  such  a  s  t  e  p  as  t  o  a  d  ver  ti  se  f  or  a  number  f  strangers,  it  is  our  duty  in  the  present  state,  not  only  of  the  trade  of  Liverpool,  but  if  we  look  around  and  see  the  state  of  society,  particularly  of  some  of  the  work working  ing working  classes  throughout  the  whole  country,  to  look  well  to  our  footing  before  we  take  so  important  a  step  as  that.  (Hear,  hear.)  As  Lord  John  Russell  recently  said,  the  best  preparation  for  war,  was  first  to  exhaust  all  me  ans  o  f  preserving  peace.  I  think  that  is  the  principle  upon  which  we  should  still  act,  although  I  admit  that  no  body  of  masters  in  any  other  port,  or  in  any  other  town  in  the  kingdom,  would  so  long  and  so  submissively  have  allowed  the  present  state  of  things  to  have  gone  on  as  ourselves.  (Applause.)  There  is  nothing  which  will  lead  more  to  the  removal  of  the  prejudice,  for  I  will  call  it  nothing  else,  they  appear  to  en entertain  tertain entertain  against  the  association,  than  proving  to  them  that  we  are  ourselves  willing  to  make  some  sacrifices  to  remedy  the  present  state  of  things;  that  we  are  not  calling  upon  them  to  reduce  the  value  of  their  labour,  which  undoubtedly  an  increase  in  the  number  of  men  would  naturally  do,  without,  at  the  same  time,  being  prepared  ourselves  in  some  way  or  other  to  meet  their  case.  Now  the  idea  that  has  suggested  itself  to  me  will  probably,  I  think,  not  be  approved  of  by  all.  It  is  a  matter  that  will  affect  seriously  the  pockets  of  some  of  us.  I  shall  be  glad,  however,  to  suggest  it,  after,  I  can  assure  you,  the  most  serious  consideration  on  my  part,  as  most  likely  to  meet  the  present  case,  and  it  is  this  :  that  the  journeymen  should  be  called  upon  to  increase  their  present  number  of  shipwrights  from  1700,  to,  at  all  events,  2000,  but  in  consequence  of  the  fact  that  in  most  parts  of  the  kingdom  the  apprenticeship  is  confined  perhaps  to  five  or  six  years,  there  certainly  does  appear  some  mjusticein  bringing  men  amongst  them  of  that  class  whereas  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  men  have  all  to  serve  th  e  f  u  ll  apprenticeship  of  seven  years.  This,  T  think,  wnald  he  cagily  rpmcdiod,  if  it  were  made  a  provision  betore  such  men  were  admitted,  for  a  year  or  two,  as  the  case  might  be,  these  men  should  pay  th  e  jour journeymen's  neymen's journeymen's  society  a  per  ten  t  age  of  five  or  ten  per  cent.,  or  any  other  amount  they  might  fix  upon,  towards  the  support  of  the  society,  for  when  all  is  said  and  done,  I  believe  the  operatives'  society  has  kept  to  its  legitimate  object,  to  assist  the  poor,  sick,  aged,  a  n  d  f  or  the  burial  of  the  dead,  and  is  a  most  praiseworthy  one.  (Hear,  Hear.)  It  is  the  abuse  and  not  the  use  of  this  society  we  find  fault  with,  and  in  order  to  meet  that  on  our  parts,  I  should  propose  that  every  master  in  this  association  should  give  up  the  whole  of  his  apprentices  who  are  now  in  the  seventh  year,  that  is  to  say  that  all  from  six  years  upwards,  should  be  at  once  made  journeymen,  (hear,  hear,)  they  on  th  e  i  r  own  p  ar  t  ,  a  l  so  paying  a  contribution,  which.  I  would  leave  entirely  to  the  journeymen  themselves  to  settle,  but  paying  a  contribution  towards  the  support  of  the  society.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  PAUL:  That  is  to  be  in  addition  to  the  300  men.  Mr.  GRAYSON:  It  appoars  to  me  we  are  standing  alone  on  seven  years  apprenticeship.  It  is  a  remnant  of  barbarism,  that  any  young  man  should  be  called  upon  to  devote  seven  years  of  the  best  of  his  life,  to  the  service  of  any  .  master.  This  has  been  seen  in  most  other  pro professions,  fessions, professions,  and  they  have  gradually  reduced  it  to  five  or  six  years.  This  is  a  matter  for  the  consideration  of  the  journeymen  than  for  us,  but  it  is  to  show  them  that  the  masters,  with  a  view  to  produce  a  more  satisfactory  state  of  things,  are  prepared  to  bear  their  part  of  the  loss  that  may  accrue  from  the  regulation,  and  at  the  same  time  we  are  convinced  it  is  the  only  step  that  can  be  taken  to  prevent  the  collision  that  must  eventually  end  in  the  greatest  misery  to  themselves,  and  the  greatest  loss  to  us,  the  ship shipowners,  owners, shipowners,  and  the  general  trade  of  the  port.  (Hear,  hear.  In  order  to  carry  this  out  the  first  suggestion  I  would  make  is  this  :  that  on  a  given  day  in  the  course  of  the  ensuing  week  our  own  secretary  and  the  secretary  of  th  e  shipwrights'  association,  and  a  third,  and  perfectly  independent  party  selected  by  them  both,  should  commence  at  one  end  of  the  town,  and  ask  each  individual  master  distinctly  how  many  men  he  was  then  in  want  of;  and  that  there  may  be  no  exag exaggeration,  geration, exaggeration,  a  list  should  be  prodnced  by  each  master,  with  the  name  of  the  ship  for  which  they  were  required.  By  pur pursuing  suing pursuing  this  course  it  would  at  once  show  us  the  facts  of  the  case;  it  would  put  an  end  to  grumbling,  and  denying  the  Tact  that  we  are  in  want  of  men,  which  is  boldly  denied  occasionally.  This  would  put  us  on  a  fair  basis  to  commence  with.  After  having  done  so,  I  would  suggest,  as  the  next  step,  that  the  men  having  prejudices  against  some  of  the  masters  of  the  association,  the  masters  should  name  six  or  eight  persons,  or  any  other  number  whom  they  thought  they  could  repose  confidence  in  as  acting  in  a  fair  and  '  impartial  manne  r  and,  on  the  oth  er  h  an  d  t  h  a  t  the  men,  on  their  part,  should  select  ,  an  equal  number  of  their  asso association,  ciation, association,  who  had  not  committed  themselves  in  any  de decided  cided decided  manner,  as  some  of  them  have  done,  that  they  never  will  agree  to  men  coming  to  work  from  other  ports  ;  but  select  a  number  of  intelligent  and  sensible  men  to  meet  an  equal  number  of  masters  ,  and  discuss  this  question.  I  Should  further  suggest  that  a  chairman  or  arbitrator  be  Selected  •  from  amongst  independent  shipowners.  If  some  step  of  this  kind  were  taken,  it  would  put  us  in  such  a  position  of  fairness  before  the  whole  world,  th  e  y  cou  ld  not  resist  acceding  to  ou  r  proposition.  (Hear,  hear).  There  is  no  force  so  strong  as  that  of  justice,  and  particularly  when  it  is  supported  . STYLE=superscript  by  public  ?pinion  ;  (Hear  hear).  As  I  said  I  think  some  injudiciou  s  a  ll  us  i  ons  about  breaking  up  the  chili  and-so-forth,  have'  done  no  good  but  the  contrary.  I  never  knew  a  body  of  Englishmen  whom  a  threat  ever  in influenced.  fluenced. influenced.  I  believe  they  are  most  accessable  to  reason,  argument  and  justice  ;  but  of  all  classes  in  the  world,  they  are  the  most  uninfluenced,  if  not,  positively  prejudiced,  by  anything  approaching  to  the  th  rea  t.  I  b  e  li  eve  those  men  were  it  not  for  the  sufferings  of  their  families  and  children,  many  of  them  would  die  rather  than  submit  if  we  once  came  to  an  open  rupture  or  strike.  And  when  we  find  it  is  'only  through  the  sufferings  of  the  innocent  partners  of  their  homes,  that  we  could  expect  to  gain  a  victory,  it  ought  to  make  us  more  cautious  how  we  produce  a  collision  which  would  place  us  in  this  position.  For  myself,  I  recoil  from  such  a  thought.  At  the  same  time,  do  not  let  it  be  supposed  we  must  not  take  such  steps  if  the  present  state  of  thi  ngs  aro  allowed  to  continue.  I  b  ow  most  implicitly  to  the  authority  which  states,  possible,  live  peaceably  with  all  men.  But  the  very  mention  of  the  if'  shows  there  are  cases  which  prove  an  exception,  when  it  is  not  possible  to  live  peaceably  with  all  men;  and,  gentlemen,  if  we  are  forced  into  the  position,  although  no  man  would  make  greater  sa sacrifices  crifices sacrifices  to  avoid  it,  few  would  be  found  to  adhere  more  rigidly  to  any  resolution  that  might  be  adopted  by  this  asso association,  ciation, association,  than  myself.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  have  thought  it  right  to  go  thus  into  detail  before  the  important  resolution  is  put,  because,  if  once  adopted,  it  would  have  to  be  carried  out,  and  I  think  this  is  the  proper  time,  before  we  are  committed,  either  by  irritating  language  or  a  c  t  s  ,  to  give  one  clear,  open,  candid  invitation  to  all  concerned,  to  settle  this  unhappy  difference  on  legitimate  and  just  grounds.  (Hear,  hear.)  I  think  we  can  appeal  on  the  very  strongest  grounds  to  our  workmen,  we  can  appeal  in  justice  to  the  shipowner,  who  now,  since  the  re  p  ea  l  o  f  th  e  nav  i  ga  ti  on  laws,  has  to  compete  on  free  trade  principl  es  ,  w  ith  the  whole  world,—  who  has  to  run  the  gauntlet  unarmed  with  every  rival  commercial  nation  on  the  face  of  the  globe,  and  who  alone,  when  he  finds  his  ship  returned  to  her  native  port  is  there  to  be  made  the  victim  of  monopoly,"
