text
"WEST  INDIA  MAIL.  (From  our  Second  _Etliti9n  of  Yesterday.)  The  La  Plata  arrived  at  Southampton  last  night  at  11  45.  By  her  we  have  advices  from  Trinidad  to  25th  Jamaica  27th  ult.,  St.  Thomas  Dec.  1.  She  brings  fifty  passengers  and  six  hundred  and  twenty-nine  thousand  nine  hundred  and  forty  two  dollars  in  specie.  The  Jamaica  House  of  Assembly  have  passed  the  Import  Duty  Bill.  The  island  is  healthy.  Exchanges,  Colonial  Bank  ninety  days,  one  per  cent  premium.  Jamaica  Bank  ninety  days  half  per  cent  premium:  Since  then  we  have  received  the  following  addi additional  tional additional  intelligence  respecting  the  rival  Republics:  INSURRECTION  IN  PERU.  SOUTHAMPTON,  THURSDAY.—We  learn  from  ad advices  vices advices  from  the  south-western  coast  of  America  that  an  insurrection  had  taken  place  in  the  north  of  Peru  ;  the  Peruvian  territory  had  been  invaded  also  by  the  Bolivian  army,  headed  by  General  Belzu.  The  Peruvian  President  has  resolved  to  take  the  field  against  the  Bolivians.  The  position  of  the  Peruvian  government  was  critical.  ADDITIONAL  PARTICULARS.  At  Jamaica  the  House  of  Assembly  was  in  session,  and  had  passed  the  Import  Duty  Bill,  with  some  important  reductions  in  the  tariff.  A  .  great  struggle  took  place  relative  to  the  duration  clause  of  this  bill,  which  the  retrenchment  party  wished  to  limit  to  the  30th  of  June,  but  after  several  divi divisions,  sions, divisions,  it  was  carried  by  a  majority  of  one,  to  extend  its  duration  to  the  30th  of  December,  1854.  The  question  of  responsible  government  was  fixed  for  debate  on  Wednesday  the  30th,  when  it  was  con contemplated  templated contemplated  the  government  views  would  be  carried  out,.  and  the  guaranteed  loan  accepted,  as  all  parties  were  tired  out  and  disgusted  with  the  A  return  made  to  the  House  of  Assembly  by  the  Receiver  General,  showed  a  deficiency  of  revenue  of.  200,0001.  up  to  January  quarter,  which  would  have  to  be  added  to  the  debt  of  the  country,  as  it  could  never  be  met  by  taxation.  The  ranks  of  the  retrenchment  party  were  gradually  thinning,  and  going  over  the  other  side,  in  the  expectation  as  it  was  supposed,  of  sharing  in  the  appointments  under  the  new  constitution.  The  weather  was  seasonable,  and  good  crops  were  expected  in  1854.  In  political  affairs  in  Jamaica  the  dead  lock  had  at  last  been  removed,  and  the  different  branches  of  the  Legislature  were  working  harmoniously  together,  with  some  prospects  of  a  continuance  of  this  favourable  change.  The  island  was  healthy,  and  heavy  rains  had  fallen.  The  House  of  Assem Assembly  bly Assembly  had  abandoned  their  intention  of  levying  an  assize  duty  on  spirits,  owing  to  the  probable  diffi difficulties  culties difficulties  of  collection.  In  commercial  matters  not  much  business  had  been  done  during.the.  last  fortnight,  although  the  market  had  been.  better  supplied.  The  stock  of  corn  was  moderate.  Little  doing  in  flour.  In  soap,  owing  to  the  high  rates  demanded,  little  had  been  done.  Sugar  was  plentiful,  but  sold  slowly.  Iu  gold,  owing  to  the  enhanced  value  of  American,  no  premium  could  be  obtained.  Exchanges—On  London—Colonial  Banks,  90  days,  1  per  cent.  prem.  ;  60  days,  11;  do.;  30  days,  2  do.  Jamaica  Bank,  90  days,  •  per  cent.  prem.;  60  days,  1  do.  ;  30  days,  11  do.  At  Antigua  heavy  rains  had  prevailed,  but  the  island  was  generally  healthy,  There  were  a  few  cases  of  fever  at  Jamaica  and  Trinidad,  but  the  other  isles  were  apparently  clear  of  the  scourge.  At  Jamaica,.  H.M.S.  Imaunt,  was  the  only  ship  of  war,  but  Admiral  Seymour  was  hourly  expected.  At  St.  Lucia  H.M.S.  Megcera.  At  St.  Thomas's,  the  French  man-of-war  steamer,  Acheron,  from  St.  Domingo.  There  had  been  a_  few  cases  of  fever  at  Jamaica,  and  Trinidad,  but  the  rest  of  the  islands  were  en entirely  tirely entirely  cleared  of  the  scourge.  In  St.  Lucia  some  improvement  had  taken  place  in  the  weather,  but  the  fall  of  rain  had  been  un unprecedented;  precedented; unprecedented;  the  roads  throughout  the  island  were  in  a  bad  condition,  and  cut  up  by  the  floods.  In  Martinique,  sugar•making  had  commenced.  The  Trinidad  papers  state  that  an  ordinance  had  appeared  fixing  a  new  tariff  of  import  duties.  Heavy  rains  had  fallen  in  Grenada.  Via  Panama  we  have  dates  from  Valparaiso  to  the  Ist,  and  Callao  to  the  11th  November.  The  Bolivian  army  in  the  south  has  passed  the  frontier  into  Peru,  headed  by  General  Belzu  ;  the  Peruvian  villagers  fled  before  him.  The  war  be between  tween between  Bolivia  and  Peru  has  therefore  commenced  in  earnest.  By  way  of  Panama  - STYLE=superscript  we  have  dates  from  Mel Melbourne  bourne Melbourne  to  the  23rd,  and  Sydney  to  the  16th  of  Sep Septemberse  temberse Septemberse  aThe  bi•  o  u  n  g  e  h  w  t  s  n  i  p  s  t  a  o  n  ti  Callao  cip  at  e  d  b  y  b  t  h  y  e  the  G  e  m  s  t  e  of  a  m  t  e  h  r  e  Victoria.  Accounts  from  Honduras  state  that  the  govern government  ment government  of  the  United  States  was  negociating  with  the  President  of  that  State  for  the  cession  and  purchase  of  the  island  of  Tigre,  on  the  Pacific  coast."
