text
"PRUSSIA  The  correspondent  of  the  Times,  writing  from  Berlin  on  the  12th  inst.,  says  :  Baron  von_Budberg,  the  Russian  Minister  here,  returned  to  Berlin  in  the  course  of  last  night,  from  accompanying  the  Emperor  of  Russia  to  the  fron frontier,  tier, frontier,  and  early  this  forenoon,  he  had  a  long  interview  With  Baron  von  Manteuffel.  The  Ministry  met  together  to-day  in  Council;  fora  week  past  there  had  been  no  Council  held.  The  follo  - STYLE=superscript  wing  article,  from  the  Zeit  of  this  morn morning,  ing, morning,  I  give  you  at  full  length,  together  with  another,  from  the  Correspondenz  Bureau,  both  of  which  articles  may  be  understood  to  be  official  :  If  Prussia  remains  neutral,  it  cannot  by  any  means  be  predicated  of  her  that  she  thereby  binds  herself  to  a  do donothing  nothing donothing  course.  Prussia's  task,  if  we  apprehend  it  rightly,  is  a  mediative  neutrality.  The  more  Prussia  holds  herself  aloof  from  an  active  participation  in  the  existing  differences,  the  less  interest  of  her  own  she  s  hows  in  the  subject  matter  of  these  differences,  with  so  much  the  more  disinterested disinterestedness  ness disinterestedness  will  she  be  able  to  raise  her  /  oice  in  mediation,  and  so  much  the  better  prospect  there  will  be  that  her  voice  will  be  listened  to.  No  one  of  the  great  Powers  of  Europe  stands  so  unconcerned  in  the  Russo-Turkish  differences  as  Prus Prussia.  sia. Prussia.  The  roads  that  our  commerce  travels  run  west westwards  wards westwards  :  in  the  Black  Sea  the  •  Prussian  flag  is  seldom  seen,  because  our  manufactures  have  no  outlet  there.  Our  ma material  terial material  (apart  from  our  political)  interests,  are  thus  hardly  in  the  Slightest  degree  touched  by  a  war  between  Russia  and  Turkey,  and  by  the  point  of  difference  which  at  present  is  possibly  about  to  occasion  a  state  of  war  between  these  two  Powers.  Neither  England,  nor  France,  nor  Austria  can  say  the  same  of  themselves.  It  is  this  uninterestedness  that  constitutes  Prussia's  call  to  mediate.  Prussia  can,  however,  desire'  to  mediate  nothing  else  than  a  peace.  In  England  and  France  they  speak  of  corn-  pelling  peace  by  means  of  war  measures,  or,  on  the  other  hand,  of  confining  war  within  certain  localities.  We  do  not  fear  that  Prussia  will  be  obliged  to  assume  a  w  irlike  atti attitude  tude attitude  in  order  to  exert  herself  for  the  preservation  of  peace.  But,  even  were  it  so,  it  would  be,  according  to  our  convic conviction,.  tion,. conviction,.  only  for  the  purpose  of  giving  greater  emphasis  to  her  mission  of  peace.  On  a  former  occasion  we  said,  Prussia's  position  with  reference  to  the  events  in  the  East,  will,  we  are  convinced,  be  that  of  a  neutrality  that  commands  respect  ;  we  now  add,  what  we  are  no  less  convinced  of,  that  this  neutrality  must  be  no  merely  passive  waiting  for  what  may  come,  it  must  be  a  mediative  The  Correspondo  Bureau  sayB',  -  -  In  the  last  few  days  we  have  sufficiently  pointed  out  that  the  fulfilment  of  the  hopes  •of  peace  in  the  Oriental  question  still  lies  within  the  realm  of  probability.  The  pacific  assurance  of  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  and  the  calm  and  measured  bearing  of  the  English  Cabinet,  gives  rise  to  hopes  that  the  mediative  policy  of  Austria  and  Prussia  has  firm  ground  to  go.  on.  To  set  diplomatic  negotiations  on  foot  is  therefore  the  ,task,  even  though  an  indispooition  hao  boon  expressed  in  one  quarter  to  a  mere  continuance  of  the  Vienna  Conference.  More  general  points  of  contact,  and  with  them  new  deliberations,  will  be  possible.  We  believe  that  our  Government  now  has  the  proper  forms  under  considera consideration,  tion, consideration,  in  order  on  its  part  to  admit  nothing  that  may  serve  as  a  means  for  the  preservation  of  You  will  perceive  from.  the  tenor  of  these  two  articles,  when  compared  with  those  I  sent  you  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  and  my  own  remarks  for  the  last  few  days,  that  the  course  about  to  be  adopted  by  Prussia  is  passing  from  a  passive  nentrality  to  an  active  me mediation.  diation. mediation.  As  to  the  manner  in  which  this  latter  will  be  put  into  praCtical  execution,  I  am  in  receipt  of  information  from  more  than  one  quarter,  but  as  the  statements  vary,  and  to  a  certain  extent  contradict  each  other,  I  must  for  the  present  reserve  any  fur further  ther further  communication  on  this  point."
