text
"FR  A  N.O  E  The  Moniteur,  in  its  non-official  columns,  con  tradicts  the  statement  given  by  the  Constitutionnel,  that  orders  had  been  sent  to  Toulon  to  prepare  ships  for  the  conveyance  of  troops  to  the  Dar Dardanelles.  danelles. Dardanelles.  The  Toulonnais  of  the  14th  (the  official  journal  published  at  'Toulon),  however,  fully  con confirms  firms confirms  the  fact  announced  by  the  Constitutionnel.  The  nomination  of  Prince  Paskewitch  to  the  command-in-chief  of  the  Russian  army  destined  to  act  against  Turkey,  is  established  beyond  a  doubt.  The  Patrie  says  that  several  Austrian  and  Prus Prussian  sian Prussian  officers  now  employed  by  the  government  of  Turkey  have  expressed  a  desire  to  remain  in  that  service,  even  at  the  less  of  their  nationality,  rather  than  return  home.  Nearly  200  political  arrests  are  said  to  have  taken  place  on  Sunday  evening  in  Paris.  Great  preparations  are  making  at  Fontainebleau  for  the  reception  of  the  Emperor  and.  Empress  of  France.  The  visit  of  their  Imperial  Majesties  to  Com Compeigne  peigne Compeigne  has  been  productive  of  much  benefit  to  that  town,  owing  to  the  number  of  visitors  who  have  been  attracted  thither  to  obtain  a  glance  of  thope  illustrious  personages.  The  Emperor,  accompanied  by  a  numerous  suit,  went  out  shooting  on  Friday  last,  and  proved  a  very  successful  marksman.  On  Saturday  his  Majesty  took  part  in  a  stag  hunt.  Her  Majesty,  attended  by  several  ladies,  were  pre present  sent present  at  the  first  day's  sport,  in  a  char-it-bane.  The  Emperor  has  commanded  several  improvements  to  be  made  in  the  town  of  Compeigne.  The  funds  fell  on  Monday,  owing  to  the  news  of  the  declining  state  of  the  English  funds.  The  Three  per  Cents,  closed  at  72f.  60c.,  and  the  Four Four.  . Four.  and-a  Half  per  Cents.  at  99f.  40c."
