text
"THE  AMERICAN  COTTON  CROP.  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES.  '  beg'  to  hand  you  a  copy  o  f  a  N  ew  York  circu circular  lar circular  that  should  have  been  published  in  time  for  the  last  steamer,  the  information  it  contains  being  highly  interesting  at  the  present  moment,  and  deserving  more  general  publication.—Yours,  JONATHAN.  NEW  YORK,  Dec.  26,  1855.  We  have  very  great  pl  , STYLE=superscript  •asure  in  informing  our  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  friends  that  the  crop  is  likely  to  be  exceedingly  large.  It  is  true,  however,  that  the  evidence  of  receipts  as  compared  with  the  large  crop-year,  1852-53,  is  against  such  an  opinion,  but  we  will  state  our  reasons  for  think thinking  ing thinking  that  the  crop  will  be  nearly  3,750.000,ba1es  ;  but  before:  doing  so,  we  will  remark  that  it  is  something  nithough  at  l  east  200,000  hales  of  the  old  crop  was  left  last  summer  on  the  banks  of  the  Mi=sissippi  for  want  of  water  to  enable  the  steamboats  to  bring  it  down  ;  - STYLE=superscript  and  although  the  crop  this  year  has  been  the  largest  ever  grown,  yet,  in  spite  of  all  this,  the  receipts  at  New  Orleans  are  80,000  bales  less  than  in  18.12;  this  would  stagger  our  belief;  but  when  we  give  our  reasons  for  believing  in  a  large  crop  the  whole  matter  will  be  eas  ily  understood,  and  we  shill  shortly  see  the  most  enormous  receipts  that  will  reduce  prices  to  such  a  point  that  we  can  orrice  with  perfect  safety  to  ourselves.  In  the  fir.t  place,  we  learn  from  correspon  ients,  in  whom  we  have  the  most  implicit  gunfidence,  that  a  v  er  y  large  crop  has  been  made  these  ',last  two  years  on  the  land  cashed  by  the  Uppe7  Mississippi,  above  the  falls  of  st.  Anthony;  but  the  great  difficulty  that  the  steamboats  have  hith  rto  mq  with  in  passing  those  falls  being  now  overcome  by  American  ingenuity  and  enterprise,  this  large  supply  of  cotton  that  has  been  waiting  shipment  will  soon  be  bro:.glit  to  'market.  In  addition  to  this  well  ascertained  fact,  we  leain,,  on  the  best  authority,  'santity  of  Sea  Island  cotton  has  been  grown  tat,  curious  that  that  a  la  )f  Ohio,  and  it  is  now  in  course  of  Southern  markets.  We  have  yet  being'  another  piece  of  news  to  report  favourable  to  a  large  crop,  and  although  we  cannot  quite  give  full  evidence  yet  we  feel  ourselves  justified'  in  laying  it  before  nr  Manchester  friends,  with  - STYLE=superscript  a  remark  that  it  comes  from  a  highly  intalizent  correspondent  in  whom  we  have  great  confidence.  It  is  said  that  the  Creek(lndians,  a  most  industrious  body  of  men,  have  set  about  planting  Mastodon  cotton  on  the  banks  of  MisSouri  river,  above  Jefferson  city,  and  we  have  no  doubt  that  the  result  will  I:P_liighly  profitable.  _  _  e  h  ve  now  stated  our  reasins  for  believing  in  a  large  crop.  It  is  true  that  the  receipts  ought  to  be  much  greater  than  they  have  been,  and  all  we  can  say  further  is,  that  if  they  do  not  increase  shortly,  to  prevent  disan-  intend  to  ascribe  as  the  cause  of  the  small  receipts  that  planters  are  holding  their  crops  back  and  so  explain  the  discrepancy  ;.  we  shall  also  state,  as  we  did  last  year,  that  the  rivers  are  low,  and,  therefore,  the  crops  cannot  be  got  down.—Yours,  -  AND  CO,  THEATRICAL  HOSPITALITY.  —A  perfect  furor  attended  the  opening  of  the  theatrical  carnival  season  at  Rolle  on  the  26th  ult.,  and  the  ticket  office  of  the  Apollo  Theatre  was  assailed  by  a  mob  of  ferocious  dilettanti.  On  the  evening  of  the  first  performance  the  Governor  of  Rome  made  his  stare  entry  into  the  opera  house,  and  his  appearance  in  the  offiqial  box.  was  the  signal  for  the  'Dern,  the  Trovatnre,  to  commence.  After  the  second  act  the  ancient  custom  was  revived,  of  sending  refresh refreshments  ments refreshments  at  the  governor's  expense  to  the  occupants  of  the  -  _  the  season  by  the  ambassadors  and  nobility  At  the  sa.  - STYLE=superscript  tn  Onen,  and  a  hundred  a  I  forty  sPrvants  appeared,  two  at  bearing  ices,  bisciats,  and  wax  nannies.  extremely  brilliant,  and  the  rev,  prelate  was  mud  for  his  liberality.—Letter  from  Rome  (Den.  511.1  The  effect  was  I  lauded"
