text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  POLICE  CO  URT.-YE  STE  lIDAY  LIVERPOOL  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY  OF  BANK  NOTES  FROM  THE  PERSON.  —Two  men  named  Thomas  Collville  and  Patrick  Jordan,  were  placed  at  the  bar  charged  with  stealing  29  one  pound  Bank  of  Ireland  notes  from  a  respectable  Irishman  named  It  appeared  from  the  statement  of  the  prosecutor,  that  he  was  about  to  sail  for  Ireland,  in  the  Sligo  steamer,  when  he  fell  in  with  the  prisoners,  who  pre prevailed  vailed prevailed  upon  him  to  accompany  them  to  a  public-house  in  Waterloo-road,  and  afterwards  to  Mr.  Pickup's  public-house,  in  Great  Howard-street,  where  they  succeeded  in  making  him  drunk,  and  then  robbed  hint  of  the  money.  Fortunately  they  were  not  aware  that  he  had  £47  in  another  pocket.  The  prisoners  were  remanded  for  seven  days.  COMMITMENTS.—A  woman  named  Catharine  Ralph  was  sentenced  to  two  months'  imprisonment,  for  having  in  her  possession  a  quantity  of  wheat,  which  she  could  give  no  account  of.—John  .Forrester,  a  well-known  thief,  who  was  ar arrested  rested arrested  coming  from  the  Theatre-Royal,  on  Tuesday  evening,  with  seven  handkerchiefs  in  his  pocket,  was  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprisonment.  Elizabeth  Leigh  was  charged  with  feloniously  entering  the  dwelling-house  of  Miss  Knott,  14,  Finch-street,  and  stealing  i  therefrom  a  satin  victorine.  She  had  been  pre previously  viously previously  n  the  service  of  prosecutor.  Remanded  until  Monday.  Emili  Francois,  a  French  seaman,  belonging  to  the  Al Albert,  bert, Albert,  lying  at  the  west  side  of  Prince's  Dock,  was  charged  by  the  mate,  Charles  Ray,  with  stealing  his  watch,  and  offering  it  for  sale,  to  a  woman  named  Ann  Bredley,  who  keeps  an  eating  house  in  Bath-lane.  The  prisoner  was  re remanded.  manded. remanded.  STABBING.—Stephen  Dwyer,  a  respectable  looking  lad,  was  charged  with  stabbing  a  female,  iu  Great  Howard Howardstreet,  street, Howardstreet,  on  Wednesday  evening.  She  exhibited  a  serious  cut  on  the  hand,  which  she  said  the  prisoner  had  inflicted  with  a  knife,  because  she  refused  to  consent  to  his  proposals.  The  youth  admitted  the  offence,  but  pleaded  some  mitigating  circumstances.  He  was  fined  ten  shillings  and  costs,  or  seven  days'  imprisonment.  John  Crawford  was  fined  2s.  6d.  or  5  days'  imprisonment,  for  a  very  violent  assault  upon  Market  Officer,  10,  in  St.  John's  market,  on  Thursday.  Miles  Dey,  for  assaulting  officer,  114,  in  Scotland-road,  and  attempting  to  rescue  a  girl  whom  he  had  prisoner,  was  fined  ss.  and  costs,  or  7  days'  imprisonment.  THE  ALLEGED  ROBBERY  AND  FELONIOUS  ASSAULT  IN  MULBERRY-STREET.—Jonathan  Kerr  was  again  put  for forward,  ward, forward,  charged  by  Agnes  Johnson,  of  28,  Leander-street,  with  a  robbery  and  attempt  at  rape,  in  Mulberry-street,  on  Wednesday  evening,  as  mentioned  in  one  of  our  impressions  of  yesterday.  It  appeared  from  inquiries  made  by  the  po police,  lice, police,  that  the  account  given  of  himself  by  the  prisoner  was  correct,  and  that  the  man  bore  a  good  character,  whilst  of  the  female,  it  was  ascertained  that  though  respectable,  she  was  in  the  habit  ofbeing  out  late  every  night.  The  case  was  dismissed.  LEAVING  WAREHOUSES  OPEN.—The  police  brought  for forward  ward forward  three  informations  for  this  dangerous  kind  of  negligence.  Robert  Wright,  for  leaving  open  a  warehouse  in  Jackson-lane,  containing  cotton,  on  the  19th  inst.,  was  fined  ss.  and  costs.  Mr.  Herbert,  of  Vulcan-street,  was  fined  in  two  instances,  occurring  this  month,  ss.  and  costs  for  each  offence.  ABSCONDING  WITH  WORKHOUSE  CLOTHING.  —Jane  Col Colville,  ville, Colville,  and  Jane  Oldfield,  were  charged  with  absconding  from  the  workhouse,  and  taking  with  them  the  parish  clothing.  Colville,  on  the  26th  of  June,  and  Oldfield,  on  Saturday  last.  The  latter  prisoner  was  sentenced  to  25  days,  and  the  former  two  months'  imprisonment.  Docx  ROBBERIES.—john  O'Hara  was  sentenced  to  seven  days'  imprisonment  for,  on  Thursday,  stealing  a  quantity  of  rope  from  the  ship  King  of  the  Forest,  lying  in  the  King's  Dock.  John  Williams:  for  stealinc  , STYLE=superscript  a  bottle  of  rum  from  George's  Dock,  was  sentenced  to  three  days'  imprisonment.  CHARGE  OF  UTTERING  BASE  Com  r  .-:Elizabath  Smith,  charged  on  Thursday  with  having  in  her  possession  a  large  amount  of  base  coin,  was  discharged,  Mr  John  Levie,  of  10,  Parker-street,  having  proved  that  the  account  she  then  gave  of  herself  was  correct.  PUBLICANS  AND  BEER-SELLERS.  The  following  publicans'  and  beer-sellers'  cases  came  be before  fore before  the  Court  :  PUBLICANS  John  Winder,  in  Strand  -street,  for  refusing  to  admit  police  officer  56,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  Thomas  Lloyd,  Blundell-street,  for  Sunday  trading,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  Robert  WEvoy,  Bolton-street,  Park,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs,  for  selling  table  beer  on  a  Sunday  at  improper  hours.]  Elizabeth  .11I'Vicar,  Lime-street,  appeared  in  answer  to  an  information  laid  against  her  by  officer  56,  for  having  drunken  men  in  her  house  at  a  late  hour.  Mr.  Snowball,  solicitor,  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  defendant.—Police  officer  56  said  :  Elizabeth  M'Vicar  keeps  a  public  house  in  Lime-street.  At  a  quarter  before  twelve,  hearing  a  great  noise,  I  went  inside,  accompanied  by  officer  216.  I  saw  ten  men  in  front  of  the  bar,  with  a  halt-gallon  jug  before  them,  six  of  whom  were  drunk.  One  of  the  men  that  was  drunk  filled  a  glass  of  ale  and  handed  it  to  another.  In  the  snug  behind  the  bar  there  were  four  men  and  two  prostitutes.  I  tasted  the  ale  ;  I  could  not  say  whether  it  was  fourpenny  ale;  I  saw  the  ten  men  come  out  of  Cropper's  beer-house;  they  were  turned  out,  I  ohould  oay  ca.  oub  ban,  I  did  not  Irnnw  where  they  went  after,  not  until  I  encountered  them  at  Mrs.  MTicar's  public  house.—Officer  216  was  then  examined,  and  he  corroborated  the  evidence  of  the  previous  witness.  —  Eliza  Kitson,  servant  to  Mrs.  M'Vicar,  was  then  examined  She  said:  lam  servant  to  Mrs.  M'Vicar.  I  recollect  these  men  coming  in;  they  were  served  with  half-a-gallon  of  ab  ;  fourpenny  ale  ;  they  were,  in  my  opinion,  perfectly  sobe  ;  one  of  them  was  singing  a  song.—Henry  Dumbell  was  n,xt  examined;  he  confirmed  the  evidence  of  the  servant  grl.  She  was  fined  10s.  and  costs.  BEER-SELLERS.  Jeremiah  Grady,  Bolton-street,  Park,  for  selling  ben.  o:  Sunday  at  improper  hours,  was  fined  20s.  and  costs,  hyvin,  been  fined  three  times  before.  Thomas  Cottrell,  a  beer-house  keeper,  Tomlinson-street,  appeared  in  answer  to  an  information  laid  tgainst  him  by  detective  Southwell,  for  selling  beer  in  the  morning  on  Sunday  last.  Mr.  Chilton,  solicitor,  ap appeared  peared appeared  for  the  defendant.  Detective  Southwell,  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  police  officer  56,  visited  defendantt  house,  last  Sunday  morning,  and  found  a  man  and  wonan  in  the  bar,  with  a  pint  jug  and  a  pewter  measure  contaning  ale.  Officer  56  corroborated  the  evidence.  Mr.  Chiloh,  on  be behalf  half behalf  of  the  defendant,  called  several  witnesses,  hit  failed  to  shake  the  evidence  of  the  officers.  Fined  40s.,ind  costs.  John  Staunton,  for  having  a  man  drunk  in  hishouse  on  last  Sunday  morning,  was  fined  55.,  and  costs.  John  Dwyer,  81,  Martin-street,  was  fined  Os.  and  costs,  for  selling  ale  on  Sunday  morning.  Christian  Barker,  for  the  same  offence,  wis  fined  6s.  anc  costs.  John  Tones,  Woodstock-street,  having  ben  fined  in  March  last,  10s.  and  costs,  was  yesterday  fined  20,.  and  costs.  Thomas  Dent,  Blenheim-street,  was  find  20s.  and  costs.  Peter  Sheppard,  Lime  Kiln-lane,  fined  twice  before,  had  a  fine  imposed  of  20s.  and  costs.  Edward  Murphy,  Eaton-street,  was  fined  2s.  6d.  and  costs.  Elizabeth  Joyce,  Mason's-row,  Gloceter-street,  was  fined  20s.  Tohn  Gouldstone,  Hughes-street,  wts  fined  ss.  and  costs.  MANCHESTER.  SHOPLIFTING.—Yesterday,  at  the  Salford  Town  Hall,  two  young  men  and  a  boy,  naned  respectively  Robin Robinson,  son, Robinson,  Kiernan,  and  Hall,  were  placed  in  the  dock  on  a  charge  of  having,  on  the  previous,  day,  robbed  the  till  of  Mrs.  Hodgkinson,  beer-house  keeper,  Silk-street,  of  6s.  6d.  Two  of  the  prisoner§  went  into  the  shop  :  while  the  other  retrained  outside.  A  shoemaker  proved  the  robbery.  The  magistrates  ordered  the  prisoners  to  be  committed  to  the  sessions  On  being  removed  from  the  dock,  one  of  the  prisoners  in  a  threatening  attitude,  said  to  the  witness  who  ap?eared  against  them,  If  I  ever  come  out  I'll  break  your  wok.  ROBBERIES  NEAR  RAILWAY  STATIONS.—At  ti.e  City  police  court,  Manchester,  yesterday,  a  respectably  dressed  man  was  placed  in  the  dock  under  the  following  eirmustances.  A  police-constable  stated.that  about  three  o'clock  cn  the  pre previous  vious previous  day  he  took  the  prisoner  into  custody  fn  , STYLE=superscript  ..  passengers  from  the  Victoria  railway  station,  evidenty  with  the  view  of  robbing  them.  When  searched,  a  mmber  of  flash  notes  and  sovereips  were  found  in  the  pusseson  of  the  prisoner.  Mr.  Beswick,  chief  superintendant  of  police,  stated  that  there  wer'  twenty  or  thirty  vagabond'  who  were  cons  t  an  tly  iu  the  habit  of  accosting  people  fron  - STYLE=superscript  the  country  en  their  arrival  at  Manchester,  asking  them  n  claiming  whether  they  did  not  come  from  such  and  such  a  place,  thi  ac acquaintance  quaintance acquaintance  with  some  of  their  friends  or  reatives,  decoying  them  into  some  public-house,  to  have  a  riendly  glass,  and  afterwards  robbing  them  by  taking  from  aem  genuine  notes  and  sovereigns,aand  replacing  them  by  onterfeit  or  coin.  After  a  severe  reprimand  from  the  bench,  no  case  being  proved  against  the  prisoner,  he  was  discharged.  ROBBING  A  GLASS  MANUFATURER  -- STYLE=superscript  At  the  City  Police-court,  Manchester,  yesterday  two  men  named  Edward  Standstreet  and  John  Allan  were  placed  before  the  magis magistrates  trates magistrates  on  a  charge  of  having  s  ven  a  quantity  of  glass,  the  property  of  their  employer,  M.  Joseph  Guest,  glass-manu glass-manufacturer,  facturer, glass-manufacturer,  Brook-street,  Chorton-upon-Medlock.  A  young  man  in  the  employment  of  Ar.  Guest,  proved  that  on  the  evenings  of  Tuesday,  WeOiesday,  Thursday,  and  Friday  of  last  week,  the  prisoners  .rew  off  a  quantity  of  metal  from  the  pots,  which  Standsteet  took  away,  when  it  was  cold,  in  his  handkerchief.  M.  Guest  stated  that  in  order  to  conceal  the  deficiency  o  f  th  e  glass  the  prisoners  had  manufactured  some  wine  glasses  ;.stead  of  small  children's  fosses.  On  the  house  in  which  Sandstreet  resided  being  searched,  a  quan quantity  tity quantity  of  glass  was.ound  in  it.  Both  prisoners  were  committed  to  take  their  t.al  at  the  sessions.  ILLICIT  .OISTILLING.—At  the  Salford  Borough  Court,  yestcday,  before  Messrs.  Trafford  and  Kay,  a  charge  was  pre  fzred  against  a  female  named  Isabella  Wood,  of  15,  c  o  per-street,  Salford,  of  being  the  possessor  of  a  still.  The  e  rarge  was  preferred  by  Mr.  Escourt,  superior  of  exe  i  s  .  who  stated  that  the  defendant  had  been  already  pup  shed  three  or  four  times  for  illicit  distilling,  and  tly.t  the  Board  of  Excise  were  determined  to  use  all  the  aeans  in  their  power  to  put  down  the  practices  in  which  they  had  been  indulging.  It  appeared  from  the  evidence  adduced,  that  two  officers  of  Excise,  Mr.  Thomas  Ashford  and  Mr.  George  Windle,  went  to  the  defendant's  house,  15,  Collior-street,  where  they  found  a  sill  at  full  work.  Wood  was  found  there,  taken  before  the  magistrates,  and  in  de-  fault  of  payment  of  a  fine  of  £3O  for  working  the  still,  was  committed  to  prison  for  three  months.  He  is  now  in  a  course  of  serving  that  period  of  imprisonment  in  gaol.  The  present  charge  was,  that  he  was  the  owner  of  the  still,  a  fact  which  she  admitted  to  the  officers.  She  was  fined  a,  or  in  default,  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  during  her  Majesty's  pleasure.  CONVICTION  FOR  MURDER  AND  SENTENCE  OF  DEATH.  —On  Thursday  last  Nathaniel  Mobbs,  a  cooper,  residing  in  Enoch  Court,  Whitechapel,  London,  was  tried  at  the  Central  Criminal  Court,  on  the  charge  of  having  murdered  his  wife  by  cutting  hor  throat.  lie  wa  s  f  oun  guilty,  and  Mr.  Justice  Cresswell  passed  sentence  of  death  upon  him  without  holding  out  the  slightest  hcpe  of  mercy."
