text
"SAFFLOWER  :  The  advance  is  well  supported.  The  stock  is  reduced  to  about  100  bales  only.  business,  prominent  circular  gives  the  quotations  a  criterion  of  the  market  at  present,  we  follow  with  the  reliable  prices  of  the  day,  which  are—viz.,  Galipoli  and  Neapolitan,  £53  to  £53  10s,  and  no  buyers  ;  Taranto,  £53  ;  Seville  and  Malaga  (to  effect  sales)  £5l  ;  35  tons  of  Portugal  sold  at  £5O,  a  portion  of  it  resold  at  £5l  ;  Sicily,  £5l  12s  6d  ;  Barbary,  £5O,  or  less.  How  parties  can  quote  Galipoli  and  Neapolitan,  £53  IN  to  £55  10s,  and  Portugal,  £5l  lOs  to  £52,  knowing  the  above  to  be  the  real  state  of  the  case,  is  a  matter  of  surprise.  The  same  authority  assures  us,  that  if  we  had  peace,  the  direct  Russian  trade  would  release  us  of  large  supplies;  no,t  reminding  us,  meanwhile,  that  not  having  peace,  it  is  coming  here  in  such  overwhelming  quantities.  The  imports  in  18.55  were  23,990  tuns,  against  10,675  tuns  in  1854,  and  9,720  tuns  in  1863.  OLIVE  On  NOTTINGHAM.—Mr.  J.  F.  Saville,  the  proprietor  and  manager  of  the  Nottingham  theatre,  died  suddenly  on  Monday  last.  RE  PRE  - STYLE=superscript  SENTATION  OF  THE  VEST  RIDING.—There  is  no  truth  in  the  statement  that  Mr.  Denison  intends  to  retire  at  the  end  of  the  parliament  into  private  life.—Doncaster  Chronicle.  Colonel  McMurdo  has  arrived  in  London  from  the  Crimea,  'and  is  in  an  ill  state  of  health,  but  was  well  enough  on  Thursday  to  have  interviews  both  with  Lord  Hardinge,  Commanding-in-Chief,  and  Lord  Panmure,  Secretary  of  State  for  War.  THE  SOUTHAMPTON  MURDEIL—The  execution  of  Abra Abraham  ham Abraham  Baker,  under  sentence  at  Winchester,  for  the  murder  of  his  fellow  servant  at  Southampton,  which  was  fixed  to  fixed  to  take  place  on  Saturday,  has  been  postponed  until  to  morrow,  when  the  extreme  penalty  of  the  law  will  be  carried  out.  SHOCKING  MURDER  IN  SLicio.—A  shocking  murder  was  perpetrated  at  Ballinakill,  in  the  county  of  Sligo,  on  the  28th  ult.  The  victim  was  a  woman  named  Mary  Spread,  who  was  strangled  to  death  by  her  husband,  only  a  few  days  after  her  being  confined.  The  murderer  is  fully  com committed  mitted committed  on  the  charge.  Tit  E  LATE  QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL.—Ma  j  or-gen  eral  Freeth,  K.H.,  who  has  just  vacated  the  post  of  Quartermas Quartermaster-General  ter-General Quartermaster-General  in  favour  of  Sir  Richard  Airey,  was  presented,  on  liaving  the  office,  with  a  superb  silver  inkstand,  as  a  tribute  of  the  respect  and  esteem  of  the  gentlemen  employed  in  the  civil  branch  of  the  department.  INCOME-TAX  ELECTIVE  IN  FRANCHISE.-3fai  or  Reed,  Mr.  Apsley  Pellatt,  and  Mr.  Olivera  have  determined  to  apply  in  the  coming  session  for  leave  to  re-introduce  the  bill  which  they  brought  forward  last  year,  for  conferring  the  elective  franchise  upon  persona,  not  being  aliens,  who  are  assessed  with  income-tax,  but  are  not  upon  a  register  of  electors  for  any  part  of  Great  Britain  or  Ireland.  THE  LATE  CATASTROPHE,  JAT  KILKEE.--The  Nenagh  Guardian  says  We  under  - STYLE=superscript  stand  that  the  body  of  Miss  Smithwick  has  been  washed  ashore  at  Kilkee,  and  that  this  day  her  afflicted  father,  accompanied  by  his  son,  left  Nenagh  for  the  purpose  of  conveying.  home  threm  remains  of  th  e  ill illfated  fated illfated  young  lady  for  interment  in  the  family  burial-ground  in  this  The  body  of  Colonel  Pepper  has  not  been  found.  LEGAL  PRIMOTION.—It STYLE=superscript  is  understood  in  well-informed  circles,  that  Matthew  R,  Sausse,  Esq.,  one  o  f  h  er  M  a  j  esty  '  s  counsel,  and  f  ormer  l  y  crown  prosecutor  on  the  Leinster  circuit,  has  been  appointed  to  a  seat  on  the  judicial  bench  at  Bombay.  The  salary  is  £6,000  a  year.  Mr.  Sausse  is  assistant-barrister  for  the  County  Wexford,  a  judicial  office  which  he  has  filled  with  very  great  satisfaction  to  the  suitors  of  the  court  and  the  public.—Satmders's  News.  Letter.  MARRIAGES  IN  HIGH  LIFE.  —lt  is  understood  that  a  matrimonial  alliance  is  arranged,  and  will  shortly  take  place,  between  the  Lady  Emily  Curzon,  daughter  of  the  Earl  Howe,  and  Lieutenant-colonel  Kingscote,  of STYLE=superscript  Kingscote Kingscotepark,  park, Kingscotepark,  Gloucestershire.  Mr.  William  Rose,  brother  of  Major-general  Sir  Hugh  Rose,  is  about  to  form  a  matrimo matrimonial  nial matrimonial  alliance  with  the  Hon.  Miss  Thellnsont,de  Grenadier  aughterof  Lady  Rendlesham,  and  si  s  te  r  o  f  L  a  dy  Walsingham.  It  i  s  said  that  the  Hon.  Wy  n  dh  am  Q  u  in,  late  of  the  Guards,  only  brother  of  the  Farl  of  Dunraven,  is  about  to  form  a  matrimonial  alliance  with  Caroline,  third  daughter  of  Admiral  Sir  George  Tyler,  MX.,  of  Cottsell,  Glamorgan Glamorganshire.  shire. Glamorganshire.  Miss  Harriet  Tyler,  eldest  daughter  of  the  admiral,  will  be  married  at  the  same  time  to  Mr.  E.  P.  Richards,  of  Plas  Newydd,  in  the  same  county.  DEATH  OF  THE  MARQUIS  OF  AILFSBURY,  11.  T.—We  regret  to  announce  the  demise  of  the  Marquis  of  Ailes Ailesbury,  bury, Ailesbury,  w  h  o  e  xpired  on  Th  ursday  morning,  at  a  quarter  past  four  o'clock,  at  Tottenbam-park,  the  family  seat,  Marlborough,  Wilts.  Th  e  marqu  i  s  h  a  d  b  een  in  declininghealth  for  the  last  three  years,  so  that  the  members  of  his  lordship's  family  were  not  unprepared  for  the  mournful  event.  He  is  succeeded  in  the  family  honours  by  his  eldest  son,  George  William  Frederick,  Earl  Bruce,  Lieut.-Colonel  Commandant  of  the  Royal  Wiltshire  Yeomanry  Cavalry,  born  20th  November,  1804,  and  married  11th  May,  1837,  Lady  Mary  Caroline  Her Herbert,  bert, Herbert,  third  daughter  of  the  late  Earl  of  Pembroke."
