text
"NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  WEDNESDAY,  JANUARY  9,  1856.  Great  Fish  River—a  ritar  knoWn  to  the  world  for  itsdanger  i STYLE=superscript  s  and  horrors  by  Sir  deorge  Back's  narrative.  nom  Mr.  '  Stewart  we  learn  that  he  doubts  that  the  party  ever  could  have  got  safely  down  that  stream  to  the  coast  had  it  not  been  for  the  wonderful  dexterity  of  the  three  Iroquois  voyageurs  whom  Sir  George  Simpson  had  prudently  forwarded  from  Lachine  to  join  the  expedition—the  three  '  best  men  of  his  oWn  canoe.  The  party  reached  the  outlet  or  estuary  of  the  river  on  the  30th  of  July,  and  skirted  along  its  eastern  shore  as  far  as  Point  Beaufort,  but  found  no  traces  to  reward  their  search.  Thence  they  crossed  over  to  Montreal  Island,  twelve  miles  distant,  lying  near  the  western  shore  of  the  estuary  ;  probably,  in  that  crossibg,  incurring  as  great  peril  as  any  in  the  gloomy  record  of  Arctic  travels,  pushing  their  bark  canoes  boldly  out  into  the  Arctic  Ocean,  and  forcing  their  way  through  drifting  masses  of  Arctic  ice,  seven  or  eight  feet  thick.  But  they  were  prepared  to  make  any  effort  to  reach  the  island,  which,  as  well  as  Point  Aigle,  near  it,  had  been  the  places  Dr.  Rae  understood  the  Esqui Esquimaux  maux Esquimaux  to  mean  when  describing  where  the  white  party  perished  in  1850;  and  they  had  the  melancholy  satisfaction  of  procuring,  on  that  very  spot,  the  fullest  possible  confor conformation  mation conformation  of  Dr.  Rae's  report.  They  also  met  Esquimaux  in  that  vicinity  who  had  seen  the  whites,  and  gave  much  valuable  information.  Suffice  it  to  say,  that  on  the  island  were  discovered  the  remains  of  a  boat,  which  had  been  partially  destroyed  by  the  natives  for  the  sake  of  the  wood  and  the  metal  fastenings.  Although  there  was  sufficient  left  to  identify  it  as  be belonging  longing belonging  to  the  Franklin  expedition,  one  fragment  of  wood  (now,  as  well  as  some  other  small  relics,  in  the  possession  of  the  Hudson's  Bay  Company  at  Lachine),  hav;ng  the  name  branded  on  it,  while  another  piece  has  the  name  of  Mr.  Stanley  (surgeon  of  the  Erebus)  cut  upon  it.  this  latter  being  part  of  a  snow-shoe,  evidently  of  English  manufacture,  being  made  of  oak,  a  species  of  wood  no  man  accustomed  to  use  snow-shoes  would  ever  select  for  the  pur purpose.  pose. purpose.  No  papers  or  books,  and  no  human  remains  were  found  ;  nor  was  it  likely,  as  four  years  had  elapsed  since  this  tragedy  was  enacted  upon  a  low  sandy  beach,  exposed  to  the  storms  of  four  Arctic  winters,  and  there  is  little  doubt  that  either  the  sea  has  washed  off,  or  the  sand  has  buried  deep  the  unfortunates  who  perished  on  this  spot.  The  Esquimau'  were  very  friendly,  and  f  eely  displayed  all  their  treasnres  obtained  from  the  boat,  or  found  near  it,  and  these  coasiited  principally  of  the  oars,  nsed  by  them  as  tent-poles,  the  boat  kettles,  the  empty  preserved  meat  cases,  &amp;c.,  but  no  papers  ;  and  the  natives  stated,  with  every  evidence  of  sincerity,  that  none  had  ever  been  seen  or  found.  Everything  portable  was  secured  by  Messrs.  Anderson  and  Stewart,  and  brought  back,  and  are  now  on  their  way  to  Canada  :  it  would  be  useless  to  recount  them  all,  but  we  may  mention  bar  iron,  rope  with  the  government  mark  on  it,  oars  branded  with  the  broadarrow,  pieces  of  bunting,  (remains  of  a  flag,)  a  letterholder,  a  step  of  a  mast,  &amp;c.—all  clearly  European,  and  all  government  supplies.  Is  anything  more  wanted  ?  he  weather  is  described  as  having  been  constant  storms,  with  ice,  snow,  rain,  sleet,  bail,  thunder,  and  whatever  else  can  be  conceived  that  is  disagreeable.  It  is  a  part  of  the  coast  the  natives  even  consider  uninhabit uninhabitable—merely  able—merely uninhabitable—merely  visiting  it  for  a  short  time  in  summer,  when  the  deer  pass  that  way.  On  the  14th  August,  when  the  expedition  commenced  its  retreat  from  the  coast,  the  ground  was  covered  with  fresh  fallen  snow,  and  the  ice  was  forming;  in  fact,  Winter  had  set  in.  Few  further  details  of  the  last  moments  of  the  lost  party  have  been  collected  ;  we  may  mention  one  mournful  incident  reported  by  an  Esquimaux  woman,  who  saw  the  last  man  die;  he  was  large  and  strong,  she  said,  and  sat  on  the  sandy  beach,  his  head  resting  on  his  hands  and  thus  the  last  survivor  of  Franklin's  Expedition  yielded  up  his  brave  spirit.  Messrs.  Anderson  and  Stewart  retraced  their  steps  to  Great  Slave  Lake,  whence  the  latter  continued  his  journey  onward  to  Red  River  settlement,  and  thence  via  the  Minnesota  Territory  to  Montreal,  where  he  arrived  on  Friday  evening  last,  direct  from  the  Arctic  Sea,  after  upward  of  6,000  miles  travel  in  open  craft,  and  through  uninhabited  regions,  without  a  halt.  A  few  facts,  taken  at  random,  may  serve  to  bring  home  to  our  appreciation  what  this  North-west  expedition  accomplished  and  went  through.  In  ihirteen  months,  to  a  day,  the  Iroquois  who  were  sent  from  Lachine  to  form  part  of  the  expedition  returned  thither,  thus  performing  in  one  year  the  same  service  that  Sir  George  Back  got  through  in  three.  For  sixty  days  and  nights  the  parties  saw  no  fire,  there  being  no  timber  on  the  Great  Fish  River  or  Arctic  coast,  and  during  those  sixty  days  they  travelled  incessantly  in  open  in  a  wre  t  c  h  e  d  climate,  never  had  dry  clothes  or  slept  on  dry  blankets,  and  never  eat  cooked  victuals  except  on  rare  occasions,  when  they  made  a  little.  tea  by  means  of  a  lamp.  This  party  of  sixteen  in  all  travelled  in  bark  canoes  down  one  of  the  most  turbulent  riversknown,  even  to  North-west  voyagers  ;  ven ventured  tured ventured  among  the  ice  on  the  Arctic  sea  ;  and  returned  to  their  starting  point  without  meeting  a  single  accident  to  person  or  property—and,  withal,  performed  all  that  was  required  of  them;  and  had  they  gone  out  four  or  five  years  earlier,  would  no  doubt  have  been  instrumental  in  saving  the  lives  ofa  portion  of  Franklin's  party,  We  think  the  foregoing  narrative  is  ample  corroboration  of  the  wisdom  of  the  recent  outcry,  to  put  the  right  men  in  the  right  One  Word  in  conclusion  as  to  the  Franklin  Expedition.  The  two  vessels,  Erebus  and  Terror,  left  England  in  1843  were  last  heard  of  in  1845.  They  probably  tried  several  passages,  but  were  baffle  I  by  the  ice,  and  finally  in  1848  were  crushed,  probably  in  Victoria  Straits.  Many  of  the  crews  perished,  but  one  or  more  boats  got  off  with  the  survivors,  who  took  all  the  stores  they  could  collect  and  travelled  southward  towards  the  Arctic  Coast,  in  the  hope  of  reaching  some  of  Hudson's  Bay  Company's  ports.  The  season  of  1849  was  probably  spent  on  this  dreary  journey,  and  renewed  in  1850,  when  they  rcaihed  the  coast  at  the  mouth  of  Fish  River,  but  in  so  exhausted  a  state  that  they  could  merely  run  their  boat  on  the  beach  and  crawl  ashore  to  die.  Th  s  seems  all  that  is  certain,  and  all  that  we  can  ever  know  of  the  fate  of  the  Franklin  Expedition.  [BY  TELEGRAPH.]  DISCOVERY  OF  THE  BRITISH  ARCTIC-SHIP  RESOLUTE,  NEW  HAVEN,  Monday,  Dec.  24,  1855.  The  British  ship  Resolute,  abandoned  in  the  Arctic  Ice,  was  brought  by  Captain  Budington  into  the  port  of  New-  London,  yesterday,  with  all  her  armaments,  stores,  and  equipments  on  board.  She  is  a  new  and  handsome  vessel,  and  worth  100,000  dollars.  When  found  she  had  drifted  over  1,000  miles  from  the  place  where  she  was  abandoned.  An  effort  will  be  made  to  bring  her  into  this  port.  POLICE  COURT.—YEsTtR:  (BEFORE  MR.  C.  CIiALONER.)  ,  THEFT  EY  SHOPHoi.—A  young  Man,  named  Hamil Hamilton  ton Hamilton  Clarke,  in  the  employment  of  Mr.  Watts,  of  55,  Renshaw-street,  Was  brought  up  by  detective.  Eaton  on  a  charge  of  having  stolen  fancy  cigar  cases,  pipes,  and  other.  articles  belonging  to  his  employer.  The  officer  searched  the  boy's  lodgings  in  Sawneypope-street,  and  found  a  fancy  pipe,  which  the  boy  confessed  having  taken.  He  was  remanded  for  a  week.  A  Murphy  brought  up  a  well  dressed  young  man,  named  William  Johnston,  who  had  been  remanded  from  Monday  on  a  charge  of  being  concerned  in  picking  pockets  at  a  religious  meeting  on  Sunday  evening  at  the  Teutonic-hall,  Lime  street  A  report  of  the  case  appeared  in  our  paper  of  yesterday.  Mr._  Block  appeared  for  the  prisoner.  The  Inspector  said  he  kneviithe  prisoner  to  be  a  bludgetter  is,  a  fellow  who  follows  abandoned  wo:nen  in  the  streets,  picking  up  drunken  persons,  and  robbing  them.  After  a  discussion  relative  to  the  character  of  the  prisoner,  tie  was  discharged,  Mr.  Block  telling  him,  amid  loud  laughter,  that  in  future  .  lie  ought  to  avoid  church3s,  except  for  the  purpose  of  saying  his  prayers.  THE  CHARGE  OF  Fonosay.—John  Hutchins,  who  stood  remanded  on  a  charge  of  forging  a  bill  for  £33,  was  again  brought  up.  The  prisoner  is  a  joiner,  and  having  occasion  for  the  sum  named,  it  would  seem  he  got  the  consent  of  his  mother  to  put  his  stepfather's  name  to  the  bill.  Mr.  Payne,  the  stepfather  of  the  prisoner,  who  resides  at  Hawkstone,  in  Salop,  said  the  name  on  the  bill  purporting  to  be  his  was  a  forgery.  He  did  not  know  anything  of  the  bill  until  last  Wed Wednesday,  nesday, Wednesday,  when  he  received  a  letter  from  Mr.  Jones,  who  holds  the  bill.  His  wife  (the  prisoner's  mother)  then  told  him,  for  the  first  time,  that  she  knew  of  the  trans transaction.  action. transaction.  The  prisoner  was  again  remanded  for  a  week.  STEALING  6mm—A  youn4  man,  named  Nicholas  Reed,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  sugar  belonging  to  his  employer,  Mr.  William  Johnston,  grocer,  2,  Currie-street.  Suspicion  having  fallen  on  the  prisoner,  his  box  was  searched,  where  there  were  found  five  pounds  of  lump  sugar,  for  the  possession  of  which  he  could  not  account.  He  was  committed  for  a  month.  (BEFORE  MESSRS.  ROMILLY  AND  CHALONER.)  AssAyrr.—An  elegant  looking  person,  named  Martha  Glover,  of  20,  Bevington-hill,  appeared  to  answer  a  charge  of  assault  preferred  against  her  by  a  neighbour,  named  Mary  Thompson.  It  appeared  that  the  husbands  of  both  lad:es,  had,  about  Christmas,  gone  to  the  theatre  together,  and  this  caused  some  unpleasantness  between  the  wives,  and  the  allegation  of  the  complainant  was  that  Mrs.  Glover  called  at  her  shop  and  beat  her.  Two  witnesses  corroborated  the  fact  of  the  assault.  For  the  defence  the  sister-in-law  of  Mrs.  Glover  was  called,  and  stated,  that  on  the  day  in  question,  she  was  called  into  the  shop  of  the  complainant,  who  swore  an  awful  that  she  would  Mrs.  Glover  and  make  a  besom  of  her  for  the  street.  Mrs.  Glover  then  went  on  to  ask  what  it  was  all  about?  and  then  the  assault  took  place,  but  Mrs.  Glover  said,  she  did  not  strike  but  was  struck,  and  her  bonnet  torn.  She  was  fined  2s.  6d.  -that  ASSAULT  ON  A  FEMALE.—Thomas  Jones,  the  owner  of  a  bad  house  in  Back  Parliament  street,  was  charged  with  haiing  assaulted  a  female,  named  Anne  Donovan,  an  in inmate  mate inmate  of  the  house.  Mr.  muck  was  for  the  prisoner,  but  the  case  being  fully  proved,  the  defendant  was  sent  to  jail  for  six  months  with  bard  labour.  (The  magistrate  refusing  to  inflict  a  fine).  WIGS  ON  THE  GREEN.—A  case  that  caused  an  immense  amount  of  amusement,  was  heard  before  the  magistrates  on  the  complainant  of  Jane  Smith  against  Bridget  Ryan,  the  latter  being  summoned  for  having  damaged  the  com complainants  plainants complainants  wig,  to  the  extent  of  7s.  The  story  is  told  in  the  defence  of  the  said  Mrs.  Ryan,  which  she  declared  with  an  air  of  theatrical  grace  and  dignity.  She  said,  the  complainant  being  in  a  happy  state  of  called  at  her  house,  and  gave  her  a  polite  invitation  to  a  pugilistic  encounter.  She  refused  the  invitation  several  times,  but  at  last  the  liquid  in  her  veins,  got  up  to  seventy  degrees  above  boiling  heat,  and  whilst  in  this  state,  she  her  opponent,  and  as  for  the  wig,  she  confessed  having  made  mince  meat  of  it.  After  a  scene  of  much  amusement,  the  complainant  was  dismissed.  COUNTY  COURT.--  V  ESTERDAY  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ.,  JUDGE.)  BAETTENS  V.  M'CABE.  —On  the  sitting  of  the  court  at  ten  o'clock,  his  Honour  delivered  judgment  in  this  case  which  was  tried  during  the  December  court.  The  plain plaintiff,  tiff, plaintiff,  who  is  a  cotton  dealer,  brought  the  action  against  the  defendant,  a  master  porter,  on  a  bond  given  by  him  as  such,  to  the  trustees  of  the  Liverpool  docks,  to  recover  £2  lls  Bd,  the  value  of  three  barrels  of  rasins,  Antur Anturtic,  tic, Anturtic,  which  the  defendant  delivered  to  the  consignees  of  the  ship,  instead  of  to  the  plaintiff,  who  was  the  consignee  of  the  goods  in  question.  The  defendant  by  his  bond,  was  bound  to  answer  to  the  consignee  for  all  damage  to  goods,  in  the  progress  to  porterage,  and  in  having  delivered  them  to  the  ships  consignee.  His  Honour  held  that  he  had  fulfilled  the  obligations  of  his  bond.  It  was  admitted  that  the  c  , STYLE=superscript  insignee  of  the  ship  had  the  goods  now  in  his  possession,  and  it  appeared  that  it  was  only  on  his  refusal  to:deliver  them  up,  that  the  plaintiff  had  made  the  present  claim.  He  (his  Hon Honour)  our) Honour)  did  not  believe  that  under  the  present  eircamstances  an  action  for  trover  would  lie,  but  certainly  not  an  action  on  the  bond  to  the  dock  trustees.  Judgment  for  the  defendant.  In  the  case  of  the  collison  between  the  Manx  Fairy  and  William  Fawcett,  Judgment  will  be  delivered  next  Tuesday.  CUSTOM-HOUSE  AFFAIRS.—COTTRELL  V.  DENTITII.—  This  was  a  fraud  summons.  The  defendant,  who  is  a  tidewaiter  in  the  Customs'  service,  at  this  port,  was  sum summoned  moned summoned  be  ore  the  court  in  the  month  of  August  last,  by  the  plaintiff,  a  flour  dealer,  and  judgment  was  given  against  him  for  the  sum  of  £3  10s.,  and  14s  4d.  costs.  He  has  paid  nothing  under  that  judgment,  and  accord accordingly  ingly accordingly  the  fraud  summons  on  which  he  now  appeared  was  issued  against  him.  His  Honour  asked  him,  why  he  had  not  paid  the  debt,  or  even  a  portion  of  it?  The  defend defendant  ant defendant  in  reply,  pleaded  inability,  and  stated  that  the  chief  cause  of  that  inability  was  his  having  to  pay  money  un under  der under  another  order  of  the  court,  which  arose  in  this  way  :  He,  with  two  others,  went  security  for  a  brother  officer,  for  £2O,  and  he  being  an  insolvent,  the  sureties  were  called  to  repay  the  loan.  When  he  gave  the  security;  he  was  told  that  it  was  a  a  mere  matter  of  form,  but  now  it  was  the  chief  cause  of  his  difficulties.  His  Honour  said  :—You  are  not  the  first  or  the  twentieth  person  in  your  class  who,  I  find,  have  got  into  this  habit  of  improvidence.  lam  now  bound  to  protect  the  public  from  the  habit  which  appears  to  have  grown  up  among  persons  similarly  cir circumstanced  cumstanced circumstanced  as  you  are,  of  going  security  for  one  another  at  a  time,  too,  when  you  have  not  the  means  of  paying  your  own  debts  and  your  trades-people--and  that  duty  I  will  perform.  With  this  case,  and  this  case  alone,  I  have  to  deal,  and  with  this  case  do  I  alone  deal  ;  and  nothing  but  a  determined  misrepresentation  can  apply  the  words  which  I  use  to  you  and  those  who  come  before  me,  to  any  persons  who  are  not  before  me.  I  have  never  at  any  time,  dealt  with  any  other  case  than  that  which  came  before  me,  and  with  those  persons  that  come  before  me  I  am  bound  by  my  public  duty  to  deal.  In  your  case,  as  in  all  others,  I  have  carefully  inauired  into  the  circumstances  connected  with  it,  and  with  this  case,  which  shows  that  a  particular  class  of  persons  coming  before  me  are  persons  given  to  improvident  habits,  I  have  a  right  to  deal.  It  is  my  duty  to  check  those  particular  persons  in  their  improvident  course,  and  that  duty  I  intend  to  perform.  In  your  case,  also,  I  am  willing  to  extend  the  same  consideration  and  indulgence  that  I  have  extended  to  others  similarly  cir circumstanced,  cumstanced, circumstanced,  because  I  know  that  if  I  sent  you  to  prison  it  would,  in  all  probability,  render  .  it  absolutely  necessary  that  you  should  forfeit  your  situation.  I  do  not  rememember.  that  I  have  ever  sent  any  one  so  circumstanced  to  prison.  I  would  be  unwilling  to  do  it,  but  if  that  indulgence  leads  to  the  non-payment  of  the  debts  of  trades-people  who  have  a  right  to  be  paid  for  the  goods  they  furnished,  I  must  have  recourse  to  severer  measures,  and  the  consequence  will  be,  that  those  persons  will  lose  their  situations.  I  am  glad  to  know  that  the  way  I  acted,  at  least  in  one  other  instance  similarly  situated,  has  had  the  effect  that  I  desired  to  produce.  You  have  the  means  of  living  respectably  in  your  position  in  life  if  you  chose  properly  to  apply  these  means  ;  but  you,  like  others  who  have  come  before  me,  have  been  'led  into  habits  of  improvi improvidence,  dence, improvidence,  and  have,  along  with  a  number  of  your  brother  officers,  been  going  security  for  one  another,  and  at  a  _time  when  you  were  not  able  to  pay  your  own  debts!  That  is  a  practice  which  seems  to  me  improvident  and  dishonest,  and  it  must  be  checked.  The STYLE=superscript  trades-people  who  supply  you  the  means  of  living  are  the  per  son  s  I  am  bound  to  take  care  of,  in  the  first  instance.  In  your  case,  I  am  to  deal  with  it  as  an  individual  case  coming  before  me,.but  one  also  in  which  you  are  connected  with  others  of  your  brother  officers  who,  according  to  your  own  evidence,  have  been  in  . STYLE=superscript  the  habit  of  going  security  for  one  another.  One  of  them  is  insolvent,  the  other  two  are  in  difficulties,  and  this  is  not  the  first  or  twentieth  .  case  of  its  class.  that  has  come  before  me.  I  have  always  carefully  confined  my  observations  to  those  persons  who  have  come  before  me,  and  to  those  facts  which  in  the  inquiry  before  me  have'  been  elicited.  With  these  facts  and  these  persons  only,  have'  I  dealt,  and  I  take  this  oppOrtunity  of  saying,  that  I  have  never  conveyed,  dir directly  ectly directly  or  indirectly,  either  here  or  elsewhere,  any  censure  against  any  body  of  niers  generally,  and  I  have  dealt  solely  with  those  cases  that  came  before  me,  and  with  the  facts  which  showed  that  certain  persons  of  a  certain  class,  were  habitually  guilty  of  improvidence  and  extra  vagance,  which  I,  sitting  here,  was  bound  to  check.  i  t  your  case,  as  in  others,  I  intend  to  exercise  that  con  s  i.  s  d  h  e  o  r  a  w  t  n  i  o  n  t  n  r  o  r  t  h  y  e  o  s  y  nt  s  i  a  t  t  u  t  e  a  r  t  i  s  o  sp  n  f  ,  w  f  r  h  a  i  t  c  t  h  d  I  s  u  t  i  t  ri  n  k  o  n  l  s  have  l  a  l  ways  shall  give  an  order  that  you  pay  this  debt  by  10s.  a  mo  n  th,  beginning  on  the  Ist  of  April  next  , STYLE=superscript  and  I  trust  that  you  and  others,  will  avoid  the  habits  of  improvidence  and  which  alone  have  brought'  you  to  this,"
