text
"ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  Sole  Lessee  Mr.  W.  R.  Copeland,  15,  Great  Charlotte-street.  PABLO  FANQUE  Will  open  the  above  Amphitheatre  THIS.  EVENING,  De December  cember December  sth,  with  one  of  the  largest  Companies  of  EQTES EQTESTRIANS  TRIANS EQTESTRIANS  now  travelling—composed  of  all  Nations—Europe,  Asia,  Africa,  and  America!  amonc  , STYLE=superscript  which  will  be  found  the  greatest  'wonder  in  the  Equestrian  Art,  General  Tom  Thumb  !  the  Rider  of  Lilliput  pronounced  by  the  London  Press  to  be  the  marvel  of  the  age.  Also  the  celebrated  Scenic  Act  Rider,  Mr.  J.  Clarke,  from  Aetley's  Royal  Amphitheatre  ;  and  the  renowned  Henry  Brown,  the  Eclipse  of  all  Clowns.  Doors  open  at  a  quarter  to  seven  o'clock,  and  the  Per Performance  formance Performance  to  commence  at  half-past  seven.  Prices  of  Admission—Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  2s.  6d.;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Stalls,  ls.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price—Dress  Circle,  2s.  ;  Side  Boxes,  ls.  6d.  ;  Pit;  ls.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery  or  Stalls.  Second  Price  taken  at  nine  o'clock  to  the  Dress  Circle,  Side  Boxes,  and  Pit  only.  ROYAL  ADELPHI  THEATRE.  Christian  Street,  Islington.  First  night  of  a  new  and  beautiful  drama,  witten  by  Mr.  J.  Courtney,  and  entitled  THE'OU  I'CAST  OF  LAU 'LAUSANNE.'  Limited  engagement  of  MR.  A.  ABEL,  and  his  WONDERFUL  DOGS.  .  MISS  AUGUSTA  CLIF CLIFTON.  TON. CLIFTON.  THIS  EVENING,  and  TO-MORROW  (Tuesday),  December  sth  and  6th,  will  be  played  an  original  domestic  drama,  in  three  acts,  called  THE  OUTCAST  OF  LAUSANNE  ;  or  the  WANDERER  OF  THE  Jeane  Semone,  Mr.  Courtney.  Claudine,  of  Switzerland,  Miss  Augusta  Clifton.  To  conclude  with  the  grand  military  drama  of  THE  FOREST  OF  Centre  Boxes,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  ls.  ;  Pit.  6d.;  Gallery,  3d.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament  Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  GREAT  SUCCESS  OF  MISS  MARRIOT  AND  MR.  GEORGE  WALTON  THIS  EVENING,  HAMLET.  Hamlet,  Mr.  George  Wal Walton.  ton. Walton.  Ophelia,  Miss  Marriot.  To  conclude  with  LIFE  AS  IT  IS  ;  or  the  CONVICT'S  Martha,  Miss  Marriot  ;  Franklin,  Mr.  Donald.  To-mOßnow  (Tu'esday)  the  IRON  Sir  Ed Edward  ward Edward  Mortimer,  Mr.  George  Walton  ;  and  LIFE  AS  IT  15.,,  In  Rehearsal,  and  will  be  produced  on  a  scale  of  magnifi magnificence  cence magnificence  hitherto  unattempted,  the  new  Grand  Comic  Panto Pantomime,  mime, Pantomime,  written  by  the  author  of  Ye  Fayre  Mayde,  cf  Tox Toxteth  teth Toxteth  called  ORMSHEAD:THE  GREAT;  or  HARLE  QUIN  and  JENNY  JONES,  the  FLOWER  of  NORTH  WALES  and  the  FAIRY  OF  Doors  open  at  half-past  six,  commence  at  seven.  Admis Admission,  sion, Admission,  Private  Boxes,  2s.  ;  Boxes,  Is.  ;  Pit,  6d.  ;  Gallery,  3d.  ROYAL  PriRK  THEATRE,  Parliament  Street.  On  WEDNESDAY  EVENING,  Dec.  7th,  for  the  BENEFIT  of  Mr.  APPLEBY,  the  TWO  LOVERS  of  WALLASEY  ;  or,  THE  MURDER  OF  BIDSTON  COMMON.  The  new  Drama  of  LIFE  IN  AUSTRALIA.  To  conclude  with  THE  SLAVE  HUNT.  Topsy  (with  new  song  and  dance)  Mrs  Appleby  ;  Cassy,  Miss  Marriot  ;  Dinah,  Mr.  Appleby;  St.  Clair,  Mr.  J.  F.  Donald.  HIGH  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  Trim  DAY—Morning,  2h.  urn.  Afternoon,  2h.  17  m.  MONDAY,  DECEMBER  5,  1853.  THERE  is  always  in  the  tale  of  human  danger,  suf suffering,  fering, suffering,  and  heroism,  an  indescribable  charm.  We  recur  to  it  again  and  again  with  undiminished  zest,  and  feel  our  natures  ennobled  by  the  feats  and  ex exploits  ploits exploits  of  others.  Who  does  not  remember,  in  his  schoolboy  days,  the  delight  afforded  by  stories  of  shipwreck,  and  the  narratives  of  navigators  ?  how  accounts  of  the  perils  of  the  sea,  and  adventures  on  the  land,  fired  the  young  soul  with  enthusiasm,  and  excited  boyish  curiosity?  We  can  all,  more  9r  less,  recall  those  times  ;  and  even  now,  when  the  world  has  done  its  evil  work  upon  the  best  part  of  our  nature,  and  rendered  us  insensible  to  many  things  which  formerly  were  wont  to  im impress  press impress  us,  our  sympathies  are  still  moved  by  these.  The  well-known  correspondent  of  the  Morn Morning  ing Morning  Chronicle,  has  narrated  a  most  thrilling,  nervous,  a.nd  highly  elaborate  story  of  the  loss  of  the  vessel  Meridian,  a  barque  of  579  tons,  which  sailed  from  London  for  Australia  on  the  4th  of  July,  with  90  passengers,  but  which  became  a  total  wreck  on  the  evening  of  the  24th  August.  •  The  Meridian  was  a  fine,  first-class,  and  fast fastsailing  sailing fastsailing  vessel  ;  but  unfortunately  possessed  an  insufficient  crew,  and  a  commander  experienced  and  courteous,  but  overbold  and  wanting  in  judg.  ment.  For  fifteen  years  he  had  been  in  command  of  various  ships,  and  he  often  boasted  that  during  that  long  time  he  never  lost  a  single  spar  nor  a  man  In  his  last  voyage  he  had  over overtaken,  taken, overtaken,  in  the  middle  of  the  Indian  Ocean,  a  ship  which  had  left  England  a  fortnight  before  his  own;  and  it  was  natural  to  suppose  that,  proud  of  his  vessel  and  his  skill,  he  should  become  self-elated  and  deSirous  'of  realising  even  more  signal  success.  Poor  HERNAMAN  !he  has  paid  the  ad  penalty  of  his  impulsive  nature,  indubitable  rashness,  and  .  unpardonable  foolhardiness.  Having  overtaken  and  beaten  every  ship  on  the  ocean,  he  suffered  the  Meridian  to  run  full  before  the  wind—every  inch  of  canvass  he  could  command  having  been  brought  .  into  requisition—notwithstanding  that  the  sea  was  rough,  a  gale  blowing,  and  expecting  to  sight  dangerous  land  in  four  .or  five  hours.  Although  the  ship's  chronometers  were  out  of  order,  land  he  had  lost  his  reckoning,  nevertheless  he  made  full  sail  for  the  island  of  St.  Paul,  one  of  the  most  perilous,  rocky,  and  inaccessible  spots  to  be  found  on  the  globe,  which  stands  in  the  centre  of  the  Indian  Ocean—a  place  where  desolation  reigns—where  everything  is  sterile  and  dead—and  where  the  only  vegetation  consisted  of  a  few  cab cabbages,  bages, cabbages,  .which  had  been  formerly  planted  by  some  shipwrecked  mariners  of  France,  to  which  fortunate  circumstance  the  crew  of  the  ill-fated  Meridian  ovki  their  lives.  Right  into  the  centre  of  those  crags  the  vessel  ran  with  full  canvass  set.  The  result  can  better  be  imagined  than  described.  The  correspon correspondent  dent correspondent  before  alluded  to  thus  describes  the  occurrence:  The  tea•things  in  the  cuddy  had  just  been  cleared  away,  and  many  of  the  children  were  being  undressed,  when  a  smart  shock  shook  the  vessel  from  stein  to  stern.  At  first  I  believed  that  we  had  run  foul  of  another  vessel,  but  in  a  minute  or  two  afterwards,  five  or  six  more  violent  shocks,  accompanied  by  a  peculiar  grating  sound  at  the  bottom  of  the  vessel,  left  no  room  for  doubt  upon  the  nature  of  the  misfortune  which•  had  befallen  us.  Mr.  Tulloch,  the  second-mate,  who  came  shortly  afterwards  into  the  cuddy  for  an  instant,  told  me  in  plain  terms  that  the  vessel  was  on  shore,  and  for  a  time  all  was  con 'con'  fusion,  terror,  and  despair.  The  moment  that  the  vessel  struck,  Captain  HERNAMAN,  who  was  standing  in  the  passage  leading  to  the  cuddy,  rushed  up  the  poop  stairs,  exclaiming  three  times,  `Where  is  Mr.  LAMBURD  ?  (Mr.  LAMBURD,  as  he  himself  told  me  afterwards,  was  going  at  the  time  towards  the  galley  fire,  on  the  main 'main'  deck,  for  the  purpose  of  lighting  his  pipe.)  As  the  captain  gained  the  quarter-deck  the  awful  truth  burst  upon  him,  and  with  another  excla exclamation  mation exclamation  of  '  My  God  !  it  is  the  island  !  '  he  seized  the  wheel,  and  put  the  helm  hard  a-starboard.  He  then  stripped  off  his  coat,  waistcoat,  and  trousers,  shouting,  '  Now  every  man  for  himself,'  and  bade  one  of  the  hands,  named  CHARLES  SNOW,  assist  him  in  casting  off  oue  of  the  hen-coops  . STYLE=superscript  .  While  they  were  thus  engaged  a  heavy  sea  burst  over  the  poop,  and  swept  him  and,  SNOW  over 'over'  board,  but  SNOW  caught  a  rope  as  he  fell,  and  climbed  up  again  into  the  mizen  rigging  on  the  port  side,  and  thence  over  to  the  starboard  side  of  the  poop  deck,  from  which  he  descended  to  the  main  deck,  and  sought  a  temporr,ry  refuge  the  main  rigging.  Mr.  LA.Ninuan  and  some  of  the  crew  climbed  into  the  main:top,  others.  held  on  to  other  parts  of  the  rigging,  exposed,  of  course,  to  the  fury  of  the  wares,  which  repeat 'repeat'  edly  washed  over  them.  It  must  have  been,  truly,  an  awful  scene,  when  Terror's  icy  hand  Smote  their  distorted  limbs  and  horrent  hair  !  To  yiew  the  rush  and  crush  (  , STYLE=superscript  f  despairing  human  beingsmen,  women,  and  ehldren,  broUght  into  such  fearful  and  sudden  proxnnity  with  death,  and  struggling  bravely  for  life,  rugs  a  scene  which  no  artist's  pencil  could  touch  in  colours  sufficiently  graphic  to  convey  anything  iike  a  real  impression  of  an  event  so  horribly  sublime.  There  is  every  reason  to  believe  that,  notwith notwithstanding  standing notwithstanding  the  Captain's  reckless  audacity  in  risking  the  ship's  safety,  danger  might  ;have  been  averted  if  those  employed  on  the  watch  only  performed  their  duty.  But  what  is  the  fact.  Why  so  consci conscious  ous conscious  were  they  of  security,  that  instead  of  remain remainin;  in; remainin;  on  .  deck  they  went  into  the  cabin  to  take  repose.  Atd  then  when  danger  not  only  threatened  but  became  imminent,  out  of  a  nominal  crew  of  twenty twentythree  three twentythree  men,  ex3lusive  of  three  mates,  only  ten  were  mailable.  This  is  a  state  of  things  that.demands  inprovement.  ,  Indeed,  scarcely  a  vessel  reaches  Aistralia  from  our  shores,  but  complaints  of  some  kind  or  another  are  made,  so  that  the.  authorities  there  have  signified  their  intention  of  inquiring  into  the  matter  and  taking  some  legal  steps,  for  providing  against  their  recurrence.  These  facts  pore  how  necessary  it  is  for  those  upon  ,whom  responsibility  devolves  to  exercise  more  vigilance  and  caution  in  the  equipment  of  their  vessels.  A  ship  might  be  very  fine—an  excellent  sailer  —  and  perfect  in  every  department,  but  like  the  unfortunate  Meridian,  if  commanded  by  reck reckless  less reckless  or  over-brave  men,  or  have  an  ineffective  or  ,  insufficient  crew,  it  is  of  very  little  import importance.  ance. importance.  If  danger  be  rashly  courted  is  it  any  wonder  that  it  should  become  present?  If  those  intrusted  with  the  care  of  life  and  property  on  the  pathless  track  of  ocean,  rush  on  as  wildly  and  as  madly  as  if  they  were  driving  an  express  train;  or  suffer  sleep  to  close  their  eyelids  although  consci consciously  ously consciously  approaching  shoals  and  crags—why  if  inevitable  destruction  should  follow  where  is  the  cause  for  wonderment  ?  He  who  seeks  danger  most  likely  will  perish  thereby.  Reason  and  ex experience  perience experience  bear  testimony  to  this  law  of  nature.  After  the  unfortunate  Mr.  HERNAMNN  had  been  washed  overboard,  the  crew  became  ungovernable.  However,  the  excellent.  wisdom  of  the  first  mate,  and  the  majority  of  the  passengers,  tended  to  counteract  that  calamity.  After  having  been  cribb'd  in  the  hulk,  whose  timbers  were  fast  break breaking  ing breaking  up,  for  nearly  the  whole  night,  exposed  to  a  terrible  sea,  whose  waters  were  momentarily  threatening  to  swallow  up  every  soul  on  board,  by  the  extraordinary  energy  of  Mr.  Le  s  .ar-  SURD,  the  first  mate,  and  .some  of  the  passengers,  with  great  difficulty  and  danger,  every  one  on  hoard,  except  three  who  happened  to  be  washed  off  the  deck,  with  the  captain,  when  the  vessel  struck,  had  been  safely  secured  on  the  island,  although  drenched,  cold,  and  hungry.  Here  they  remained  for  the  long  period  of  thirteen  days,  exposed  to  the  greatest  privations,  with  little  pro provision,  vision, provision,  and  on  a  barren  rock,  upon  whose  surface  it  was  impossible  to  walk  without  having  the  feet  severely  lacerated.  And  there  can  be  little  doubt  but  that  for  the  wisdom  displayed  by  the  corre correspondent  spondent correspondent  of  the  Morning  Chronicle  in  taking  charge  of  the  fragmentary  stores,  nearly  all  should  have  perished  of  starvation,  Strange  !  that  among  the  whole  group  of  sailors  and  passengers  only  one  could  be  found—and  he  a  literate  by  profession,  and  unacquainted  with  danger—to  command  and  direct  in  a  season  of  alarming  danger  and  respon responsibility.  sibility. responsibility.  At  one  time  their  hope  became  elevated  —the  Monmouth  hove  in  sight,  but,  owing  to  stress  of  weather,  had  to  put  out  to  sea  again.  Howef•er,  when  despair  had  nearly  taken  possession  Of  every  heart,  the  long-looked  for  deliverance  arrived;  and  the  starving  and  exhausted  and  heroic  sufferers  were  conducted  to  the  Monmouth  by  the  mate  of  that  vessel,  to  whom  much  honor  is  due,  who  gal gallantly  lantly gallantly  landed  on  that  bleak  and  barren  island  in  search  for  them.  The  conduct  of  the  unfortunate  captain  of  the  ill-fated  Meridian  may  serve  to  inculcate  an  excel excellent  lent excellent  moral.  It  teaches  that  successes  are  no  less  dangerous  than  failures  ;  and  that  prosperity  often  becomes  the  forerunner  of  adversity.  When  good  fortune  is  about  to  crown  our  exploits—when  our  minds  are  inflated  with  self-sufficiency—and  when  we  are  ready  to  cry  Eureka  !  disappointment  comes  quick  and  terrible,  like  the  crash  of  an  avalanche,  blasting  our  sanguine  expectations,  and  burying  in  an  untimely  grave  all  the  darling  hopes  we  so  long  and  fondly  cherished.  It  teaches,  too,  that  pru prudence  dence prudence  is  the  best  part  of  valour,  and  that  the  most  daring  courage  cannot  atone  for  the  absence  of  ordinary  caution.  We  hope  the  lesson  this  cala calamity  mity calamity  affords  may  not  be  fruitlessly  thrown  away.  LIZ  importance  of  the  Board  of  Trade  returns  for  the  month  'ending  the  sth  of  November  can  scarely  be  overrated,  as  they  exhibit  a  state  of  things  very  different  to  that  which  the  public  are  led  to  believe  from  reading  the  daily,  weekly,  and  monthly  circulars  of  trade.  These  one  and  all  talk  of  depression,  declines,  downward  tendency,  and  gloomf  *prospects,  while  the  official  returns  show  increase  upon  increase  in  •  every  branch  of  industry  and  trade.  As  compared  with  the  returns  for  the  same  period  of  .1852,  they  exhibit  an  in increase  crease increase  in  the  declared  value  of  our  exports  of  no  less  than  1,812,3601.  In  this  increase  our  great  metal  and  mineral  staples  which  yield  an  unbroken  circle  of  profit-  to  this  country,  form  a  leading  feature.  Next  to  these  articles,  haberdashery  shows  a  marked  increase.  And  here  it  must  be  remembered  that  the  articles  included  under  this  head,  give—owing  to  the  prodigious  diversity  of  skill  required  in  their  manipulation—employment  to  almost  every  class  of  the  industrial  community.  An  increase  in  this  branch  of  our  exports  must  therefore  be  a  source  of  great  national  advantage.  The  increase  under  this  head  for  the  last  month.  was  137,2291.,  which  is  considerably  more  than  the  whole  value  of  the  haberdashery  exported  in  the  same  period  last  year.  .  .  When  we  turn  to  those  manufactures  which  affect  our  agricultural  interests,  we  find  the  same  gratifying  results.  The  value  of  the  beer,  ale,  butter,  and  cheese  exported  for  the  month  amounts  to  114,7701.,  being  an  increase  over  the  corresponding  period  of  1852  of  43,2701.  If  we  look  to  the  manufactures  composed  of  foreign  raw  materials—cotton  goods  and  yarn—we  find  the  aggregate  value  exported  within  the  month  was  2,161,5251.,  being  an  increase  over  the  same  period  last  year  of  no  less  than  231,963/.  The  value  of  our  silk  manufactures  exported  was  139,2401.;  which  gives  an  increase  for  the  month  of  42;119/.  The  woollen  goods  and  yarns  exported  are  valued  at  420,4951.,  being  an  increase  of  137,2411.  In  ma machinery  chinery machinery  and  hardwares,  two  branches  of  employ employment  ment employment  which  yield  the  highest  return  for  labour,  the  value  exported  for  the  month  was  391,7481.,  being  an-increase  of  134,5881.  Hence,  it  will  be  seen,  by  the  foregoing  review,  the  returns  which STYLE=superscript  relate  to  our  leading  manufac manufacturing  turing manufacturing  interests,  are  most  satisfactory,  and  show  the  increased  demand  that  existed  fOr  both  capital  and  labour,  while  in  the  imports  of  breadstuffs  for  the  month,  we  find  not  only  a  decrease  of  176,815  quarters,  but  also  a  decrease  in  the  quantity  taken  for  home  consumption  of  . STYLE=superscript  128'805  quarters,  which  shows  that  in  the  absence  of  any  wild  speculative  demand,  the  decreased  supply  was  equal  to  our  re requirements,  quirements, requirements,  and  that  there  was  even  a  surplus  of  grain  imported,  amounting  to  102,000  quarters.  This  - STYLE=superscript  is  a  fortunate  circumstance'  for'  the  country  which  alarmists  ought  not  to  lose  sight  of,  as  it  shows  very  clearly  that  there  must  have  been  a  better  supply  of  home  production  brought  to  mar market,  ket, market,  and•  taken  for  home  consumption.'  Encouraging  as  we  find  the  returns  of  the  month  when  taken  in  detail,  the  value  of  our  exports,  taken  in  the  aggregate,  for  the  first  ten  months  of  the  year,  are  equally  SQ;  During  ',that  period  they  amounted  to  73;155,755/.  against  59,247,1041.,  for  the  same  period'  f  1852,  being  an  increase  al  3,008;651/,  or  23i  per  cent.;  and  when  compared.  with  the  re returns  turns returns  for  1851,  they  show  an  increase  of  15,029,699/.  To  show  the  steadiness  of  trade  during  the  periods  to  which  -  these  returns  relate,  we  subjoin  a  sum summary  mary summary  of  the  increase  in  each  month  :  Month  ending  Increase.  February  5  •••  ...  £1;410,060  March  5  •••  919,097  •  April  5  ...  1,486,818  May  5  ...  2,309,995  June  5  ...  1,187,558  July  5  •••  ...  1,003,637  August  5  1,405,918  Sept.  5  ...  1,426,500  October  10  •••  ...  1,446,703  Nov.  5  •••  ...  1,312,360  In  looking  to  the  exports  of  Foreign  and  Colo Colonial  nial Colonial  produce,  to  pay  for  which  absorbs  so  much  bullion,  in  addition  to  large  exports  of  manufac manufactures,  tures, manufactures,  we  find  a  very  material  increase  in  corn  cotton,  wino,  spirits,  sugar,  and  tobacco,  while  there  is  a  small  falling  off  in  the  exports  of  teas  for  the  present,  as  compared  with  last  year.  In  all  the  other  articles  we  have  named„the  increased  exports.  have  been  sufficiently  great  to  justify  the  increased  importations  of  those  articles;  and  as  they  will,  in  the  great  majority  of  cases,  .  realise  large  profits  in  bullion,  we  see  no  reason  to  be  apprehensive  as  to  the  future.  On  the  contrary,  we  believe  there  will  be  less  demand  for  money  for  hypothecation,  than  we  have  experienced  hitherto.  The  increased  dif diffusion  fusion diffusion  of  wealth  among  nearly  all  the  countries  With  'which  we  trade,  will  render  the  demand  for  advances  against  produce  very  limited.  In  India  there  is  an  excess  of  about  7,000,0001.  over  the  actual  wants  of  the  country,  and  in  Australia  the  demand  has  almost  entirely  ceased;  the  effect  of  this  must  be  to  render  money  more  abundant  and  cheaper  in  England.  That  portion  of  the  Navigation  Returns  which  relates  to  vessels  employed  in  our  trade  with  the  British  dependencies,  foreign  countries,  and  Ire Ireland,  land, Ireland,  are  no  less  satisfactory  than  those  we  have  already  noticed.  The  number  of  vessels  entered  inwards,  from  our  Colonies  and  Foreign  ports,  for  the  ten  months  ending  the  Gth  of  November,  were  29,866,  with  an  aggregate  tonnage  of  6,546,320..  against  24,983  ships,  with  an  aggregate  ton_  nage  of  5,531,162,  in  .  1852,  being  an  increase  of  4,883  ships  .  ,  and  1,010,858  tons.  The  vessels  cleared  outwards  for  the  same  period,  were  29,699,  with  an  aggregate  tonnage  of  6,462,035,  against  27,770  vessels,  and  5,879,313  tons,  in  the  same  period  last  year,  being  an  increase  of  1,929  ships,  and  582,722  tons.  In  the  vessels  employed  in  the  intercourse  be between  tween between  Great  .  Britain  and  Ireland,  we  notice  a  proportionable  increase  in  tonnage,  while  there  appears  to  be  a  slight  decrease  lathe  number  of  vessels.  The  tonnage  for  the  present  year  is  11,350,010,  against  11,187;557  for  the  same  time  in  1852,  being  an  increase  of  162,453  tons  ;  while  the  number  of  vessels  employed  in  1853,  are  only  123,599,  against  126,342  in  1852,  being  a  decrease  of  2,743  ships.  The  continuous  decrease  noticea noticeable  ble noticeable  in  this  important  branch  of  our  coasting  trade  may  be  ascribed  entirely  to  the  employment  of  vessels  of  a  larger  and  superior  class.  Improve Improvements  ments Improvements  in  the  general  management  - STYLE=superscript  of  steam  vessels  by  which  a  fewer  number  of  boats  are  made  to  perform  a  greater  amount  of  work,  may  also  be  assigned  as  a  reason  which  accounts  for  the  de decrease  crease decrease  alluded  to  ;  but  as  •  long  as  the  tonnage  Continues  increasing  we  may  rest  assured  that  both  the  traffic  and  the  character  of  the  ,vessels,  employed  in  it,  are  improving.  Finally,  we  can  only  repeat  that  the  publication  of  the  returns  be before  fore before  us,  at  a  moment  when  the  mind  of  the  public  is  filled  with  the  most  singular  apprehensions  as  to  the  real  condition  of  the  trading  and  commercial  interests  of  the  country  is  an  event  of  the  very  utmost  importance  ;  and  if  the  facts  which  they  bring-to  light  are  only  appreciated  to  the  extent  they  ought  to  be,  we  may  hope  to  see  a  speedy  return  of  confidence,  which  will  lead  to  still  greater  and  more  favourable  results.  On  Saturday  night,  about  half-past  seven  o'clock,  the  flat,  laden  with  coal,  was  run  down,  nearly  opposite  the  landing-stage,  by  one  of  the  Seacombe  ferry-boats.  No  lives;  fortunately,  were  lost.  The  was  the  property  of  Mr.  Simcox,  of  Norwich.  THE  LATE  •  EXTENSIVE  FORGERY  IN  LIVERPOOL.—Mr.  M'Curtin  is  still  at  large,  although  the  most  active  measures  have  been  taken  for  his  apprehension.  We  learn  that  on  Saturday  evening  Mr.  Riley,  Mr.  M'Curtin's  partner  and  father-in-law,  and  Mr.  Riley,  jun.,  were  apprehended  by  two  officers  of  the  detective  force.  The  precise  nature  of  the  charge  upon  which  they  have  been  apprehended  has  not  transpired,  but  they  are  to  come  before  the  magistrates  to today,  day, today,  when  the  whole  affair  must  transpire.  SAILINGS  FOR  AUSTRALIA..—The  splendid  clipper-ship  Matilda  Wattenbach  sailed  yesterday  from  the  Mersey,  with  the  Australian  mails,  and  a  large  number  of  passengers.  There  is  no  doubt  this  fine  ship  will  make  a  rapid  run.  The  American-steam-ship  Golden  notwithstanding  the  injury  she  sustained,  is  again  ready  for  sea,  and  will  sail,  we  believe,  during  the  course  of  to-day.  The  British  and  North  American  royal  mail  steam-ship  Asia  sailed  on  Saturday  from  the  Mersey,  with  the  usual  mails,  a  fair  cargo,  and  105  passengers.  ACCIDENT  YESTERDAY  AT  MANCHESTER.  Yesterday  (Sunday)  morning,  about  half-past  ten  o'clock,  an  accident  took  place  in  Union-str,  t,  Salford,  by  which  four  children  have  been  severely  iarned.  '  It  appears  that  for  some  purpose  connected  with  their  works,  Messrs.  Mather  and  Platt,  of  the  Salford  Iron  Works,  were  raising,  about  the  time  above-mentioned,  in  their  yard,  a  large  or  hoist,  and  in  order  to  make  it  steady  during  the  operation  of  raising,.  ropes  were  attached  from  the  top  of  two  chimneys  in  the  neighbourhood.  The  pressure  upon  one  of  the  chimneys  was  so  great,  that  it  gave  way  and  fell.  The  consequence  was,  that  the  bricks  and  rubbish  fell  from  the  roof  into  one  of  the  rooms  occupied  by  Mr.  George  M'Guire,.  Union-street.  At  the  time  of  the  accident,  four  of  Mr.  M'Guire's  children  were  seated  in  front  of  the  fire,  and  they  have  been  severely  burned  by  the  heated  materials  thrown  out  from  the  fire-place.  Two  medical  gentlemen  were  speedily  on  the  spot,  and  rendered  what  aid  was  requisite  under  the  circumstances.  On  inquiry  late  last  evening,  we  were  informed  that  the  children  were  going  on  favourably.  ConorrEn's  INQUESTS.  —On  Saturday,  the  following  inquests  were  held  before  Edward  Harford,  Esq.,  coroner  for  the  city  of  Manchester  :—Touching  the  death  of  Ann  Whiteridge,  aged  forty.:eight  years,  the  wife  of  a  printer,  who  was  found  drowned  in  the  Rochdale  Canal,  on  the  3rd  instant--  verdict,  that  the  deceased  drowned  herself  while  in  a  state  of  temporary  insanity.—On  the  body  of  Elizabeth  Eckersley,  of  Whittle-street,  aged  thirty  years,  who  died  suddenly  on  the  2nd  instant.  It  was  supposed  that  the  deceased  came  to  her  death  in  consequence  of  the  effects  of  injuries  inflicted  upon  her  by  her  husband.  This,  however,  turned  out  to  be  incorrect,  for  after  a  careful  investigation  the  jury  found  a  verdict,  that  the  deceased  died  from  natural  causes,  accelerated  by  drinking.—  On  the  body  of  Ann  Filtham,  of  92,  Blossom-street,  aged  twenty-seven  years,  who  got  burned,  through  her  clothes  catching  fire  while  she  was  in  a  state  of  intoxication—verdict,  accidentally  burned.  ATTEMPTED  •  HOUSE  ROBBERY.—On  Saturday  morning.  at  the  Salford  town-hall,  three  persons  named  Josiah  Mains,  John  Doron  and  Martin  Mulney,  were  placed  before  the  magistrates,  on  a  charge  of  having  broken  into  a  house  with  intent  to  steal  therefrom.  It  appears  that  on  Friday  after afternoon,  noon, afternoon,  Miss  Cantrell  a  dress-maker,  left  her  house,  No.  7,  Southern's-place,  Cross-lane,  when  all  was  safe.  At  about  six  o'clock,  a  sister  of  the  prosecntrix,  who  lives  in  the  neigh neighbourhood,  bourhood, neighbourhood,  saw  two  men  in  the  house,  one  having  a  candle  in  his  hand,  and  the  other  looking  into  a  cupboard..  She  im immrdiately  mrdiately immrdiately  gave  an  alarm,  upon  which  the  two  men  in  the  house  jumped  out  'of  it  through  a  window.  One  of  them  was  speedily  apprehended,  and  the  others  were  subsequently  taken  into  custody.  The  robbers  did  not  succeed  in  taking  any  thing  away,  although  they  had  collected  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel,  which  they  had  tied  up  for  removal,  when  the  alarm  took  place.  Remanded  to  Monday."
