text
"for  one  menth.  Tames  Buckley  was  sentenced  to  one  month's  imprison imprisonment,  ment, imprisonment,  for  having  on  his  person  a  basket  of  wearing  apparel,  for  which  hecould  not  account.  REMANDS.—Thomas  Morris  and  Adam  Blackley  were  re remanded  manded remanded  to  this  day,  charged  withbeing  illegally  in  an  emp empty  ty empty  warehouse  in  Capel-street,  on  Saturday  afternoon,  having  effected  an  entrance  from  the  roof.  Joseph  Tones  and  Tohn  Ross  were  remanded  for  seven  days,  charged  with  having  in  their  possession,  and  not  accounting  for  the  same,  on  Saturday  evening,  in  the  Regent-road,  seven  boxes  of  eels,  brought  alive  from  Ireland,  by  the  Bel Belfast  fast Belfast  boat,  and  the  property  of  D.  Mc.Leeney,  of  Prescot.  Ann  Bowling  was  remanded  to  this  day  charged  with  illegally  pawning  a  dress,  the  property  of  Mrs.  Hughes,  of  3  o,Kay-street.  Tames  Mc.Donald:and  Michael  Cusack,  were  remanded  until  this  day,  charged  with  breaking  open  a  box,  at  the  house  of  Bridget  Duffy,  No.  5,  Chisenhall-street  s  where  they  lodged,  and  taking  therefrom  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel,  the  property  of  Catherine  Evans,  and  nine,  other  emigrants,  who  after  being  nine  days  at  sea,  had  been  brought  back  again  to  Liverpool  by  stress  of  weather.  Ann  Hughes  was  remanded  for  seven  days,  for  stealing  a  coat,  the  property  of  Ellen  Wainwright,  shopkeeper,  30,  Harrington-steret.  lit  ar  y  Murphy  was  remanded  to  this,  day,  charged  with  attempting  to  illegally  remove  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel  from  a  house  in  Mansfield-street,  which  was  described  as  Dublin  Thomas  Williams,  the  seaman  charged  with  being  ac accessory  cessory accessory  to  the  late  murder  in  Charles-street,  was  remanded  for  one  month  more.  •  EXTENSIVE  PLUNDER  OF  LODGING-HOUSES.—Henry  Lloyd  was  charged,  by  nearly  thirty  different  parties,  (two  .  of  whom  were  only  yesterday  examined)  with  plundering  their  lodging-houses  of  wearing  apparel  to  an  immense  amount.  Mrs.  Hughes  of  Derby-street,  and  a  person  from  Langsdalc-street,  deposed  to  his  taking  lodgings  at  their  houses,  representing  himself  to  be  a  person  in  the  mercantile.  marine  line,  and  newly  arrived  from  Plymouth.  The  case  is  remanded,  and  will  demand  a  lengthened  inquiry  to  .day.  e  prisoner,  however,  admitted  his  guilt  in  every  case  but  PPING  CuimmEN.--E7eanor  Davies,  a  woman  of  for forkling  kling forkling  aspect,  was  charged  with  stripping  two  little  chil chilen,  en, chilen,  The  daughters  of  Mrs.  Ellen  Hynd  and  Mrs.  Ellen  'owne.  The  children  were  too  young  to  be  examined  on  th.  The  prisoner  enticed  the  innocent  infants  into  her  n  at  Heath-street,  and  then  stripped  them  of  all  their  r  per  clothing,  which  was  valuable.  She  was  sentenced  ;o  two  month's  imprisonment`  AN  ASSININE  AMATEUR.—Joseph  .Tones,  a  very  wretched  Acing  man,  was  charged  with  (on  Saturday)  stealing  a  , STYLE=superscript  nlcey  from  a  field  near  Scotland-road,  belonging  to  a  poor  aling  man,  named  James  Waley.  He  sold  it  to  a  witness  r  ten  shillings  _  Mr.  Wayburh  stated  that  this  person  I  a  mania  or  passion  for  making  illegal,  love  to  donkeys,  he  had  been  several  times  before  committed  for  stealing  is  class  of  animals.  He  was  sent  for  trial  to  the  sessions.  A  GANG  or  DARING  BURGLARS.—.Tohn  Thompson,  Tani  Tralshe,  and  George  Cusack,  respectably  dressed  fel felws'  ws' felws'  were  charged  by  detective  officers  Russell  and  Patrick,  ith  being  in  the  streets  at  half  past  six  on  Saturday  even=  g,  with  the  intent  to  commit  burglaries.  The  officers  (to  hom  they  were  known)  watched  them  leave  the  left  side  of  old-street,  by  the  Lyceum  Newsroom,  and  get  to  the  back  ttry,  upon  which  all  the  houses  in  that  street  open.  Here  hompson  tried  the  back-door  of  Mr.  Hargreaves  (Russel  one  watching  them.  at  the  time),  and  turning  to  his  con conicrates  icrates conicrates  he  said,  must  be  done  in  this  at  the  time  pointing  upwards.  Russell  immediately  assistance  of  Officer  746,  and  they  then  saw  isack  take  a  chisel  from  his  pocket  and  age  it  on  the  ioor.  The  robbers  observed  the  officers  and  they  decamped.  746  followed  Walshe  up  Bold  Street,  and  heard  him  drpn  something  which  sounded  like  keys,  and  upon  arresting  ttim  he  found  a  chisel  -upon  his  person.  Previously  Patrick,  detective  officer,  had  seen  the  same  gang  trying  the  back  door  of  Messrs.  Litherland  and  Davies,  Chronometer  makers,  of  Bold  Street.  The  other  two  prisoners  were  then  arrested,  on  their  persons  were  found  two  bunches  of  skele skeleton  ton skeleton  keys,  a  quantity  of  picks,  and  other  instruments  in  use  with  burglers.  Mr.  Clough  said,  that  in  consequence  of  ex extensive  tensive extensive  robbery  which  had  taken  place,  he  should  request  the  magistrates  to  pause  from  their  final  decision  on  this  case,and  remand  the  prisoners  for  seven  days.  This  the  magistrates  did,  observing  at  the  same  time,  that  the  entire  transaction  was  very  creditable  to  the  officers.  The  detective  stated  that  it  would  be  well  to  caution  house  keepers  to  leave  the  keys  in  their  doors  after  locking  them,  as  doubtless  this  was  a  great  obstacle  to  an.  entry  being  made  by  means  of  skeleton  keys.  A  FAMILY  or  PICK-POCRETS.—John  Browne,  Mary  Browne,  Ellen  Browne,  Patrick  Browne,  and  Daniel  Daley,  were  charged  by  Russell  and  Moenßock,.  detective  officers,  with  picking  pockets  on  Saturday  night,  in  Queen's-square.  The  prisoners  were  man  and  wife,  Ellen  Browne,  a  very  little  girl,  their  daughter,  and  the  other  two,  a  son  and  son-in-law.  Detective  (Ace;  Patrick  said,  he  watched  them  for  a  long  time  on  Saturday  evening.  The  little  female  child  was  sent  into  the  crowd  to  commit  the  robberies,  whilst  all  the  rest  acted  in  concert.  by  covering  and,  screening  her,  She  came  out  on  two  occasions,  and  handed  money  to  the  father  and  mother,  who  encouraged  her  by  saying,  that's  a  good  On  one  occasion,  Patrick  distinctly  saw  the  child  give  the  old  woman  a  shilling,  but  he  could  not  see  who  had  been  robbed.  The  father  told  her  to  go  again  into  the  crowd,  and  she  immediately  came  out  with  something  in  her  hand.  He  had  seen  the  same  child  on  Friday,  in  Park Parklane,  lane, Parklane,  attempting  to  pick  pockets.  The  magistrates  said,  that  this  was  a  flagrant  and  disgraceful  case,  for  here  were  unnatural  parents,  for  their  own  villainous  purpose  s  ,  bring bringing  ing bringing  up  a  child  on  the  high  road  to  ruin,  and  commending  her  for  actual  plunder.  The  husband  and  wife  should  get  three  months'  imprisonment,  and  the  son,  and  son-in-law,  two  months'  imprisonment  each.  As  for  the  little  girl,  she  should  be  remanded  to  this  day,  in  order  that  they  might  consider  the  best  way  to  deal  with  her  melancholy  case.  SERIOUS  ASSAULT.—Richard  Boland  was  summoned  lir  this  day,  charged  with  striking  his  wife  with  the  handle  o  1  a  sweeping  brush.  A  medical  certificate  was  put  in,  by  which  it  appears  that  the  woman's  lying  in  the  Norther]:  Hospital  with  her  skull  extremely  fractured,  and  in  a  very  dangerous  state.  Boland's  son  swore  that  his  father  was  ir  bed  that  evening,  and  so  when  the  wife  came  in  drunk,  any  abused  him,  he  struck  her  with  the  handle  of  the  brush,  am  she  fell,  but  he  believes  it  was  the  concussion  of  her  head  or  the  ground  that  caused  the  dangerous  -  injury.  AisAuLT.7--...Patrick  Farran  was  fined  40s  and  costs,  0  . STYLE=superscript  one  month's  imprisonment,  for  a  violent  and  unprovoke(  assault  in  Great  Richmond  Street,  on  Michael  Bannon,  ii  the  employment  of.  Mr.  Barker,  brewer.  Prisoner  struck  hin  several  times  with  An  iron  bar,  and  very  severely  injure  him.  ASSAULT  AND  ALLEGED  ROBBERY—A  GOOD  NEIGHBOUR.  Thomas  Howard  was  fined  40s,  or  one  month's  imprison imprisonment,  ment, imprisonment,  for  an  assault  on  John  Mc  Anally,  of  Barrister-street,  Ile  was  also  charged  with  stealing  the  silver  case  of  a  watch  from  prosecutor,  whose  next  door  neighbour  he  was.  The  complainant  appeared  with  his  head  bound  up,  and  seemed  to  have  received  very  serious  injuries.  Two  witnesses  deposed  to  a  very  brutal  and  altogether  unprovoked  assault  by  prisoner  upon  this  poor  man,  who  was  most  quiet  and  inoffensive.  STEALING  BEEF.  —Two  young  boys,  for  stealing  beef  fron  a  butcher's  shop  in  Hill-street,  were  sent  to  jaol  for  thre  months  MARKET  ROBBERY.—  John  Leonard,  was  charged  wit  stealing  two  pieces  of  beef  from  Mr.  Atherton,  who  has  a  stal  in  St.  John's  Market.  Prosecutor  identified  the  beef.  H  was  committed  for  2  months.  STEALING  RorEs.—A  young  'boy  named  Dennis  Lennon,  was  charged  with  stealing  bell  ropes.  The  police  officer  saw  them  in  his  hand,  and  upon  pursuing  him,  ho  threw  them  into  the  dock.'  He  was  sent  to  jaol  for  a  month.  John  Blake,  an  American  seaman,  for  threatning  to  use  a  knife  in  a  public  house  in  Park  Lane,  to  pay  40s.  and  costs,  or  be  committed  for  one  month  with  hard  labour.  PICKING  POCKETS  '  .--A  man  named  John  Woodlock,  was  charged  by  Martha  Garna,  residing  at  4  Court,  Lower  Grafton Graftonstreet,  street, Graftonstreet,  with  picking  her  pocket  of  a  purse  containing  45.,  in  St.  James's  Place,  while  she  was  looking  in  a  shop  window.  The  prosecutor  saw  the  prisoner  taking  his  hand  out  of  her  pocket;  she  seized  hold  of  his  hand,  and  be  dropped  the  purse  and  ran  away.  She  pointed  the  prisoner  out  to  her  husband,  who  followed  him  and  gave  him  in  charge  to  an  officer.  He  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  Sessions.  CLAIM  FOR  DAMAGES.  -  Richard  Parry,  master  of  the  schooner  Lovely  Lass,  summoned  Richard  Williams,  a  pilot;  who  was  in  charge  of  the  schooner  Mary  Elizabeth,  for  run running  ning running  the  vessel  into  the  Lovely  Lass  on  the  21st  of  October  last,of  the  Cresby  Light  Ship.  Mr.  Gardener  appeared  for  the  complainant,  and  Mr.  Bremner  for  the  defendant.  The  Captain  stated  that  they  were  weighing  anchor  on  board  the  Lovely  Lass,  it  was  blowing  pretty  fresh  from  the  southard,  and  it  was  flood  tide,  when  the  Mary  Elizabeth  was  coming  on  the  larboard  tack,  we  just  got  our  anchor  up,  and  we  had  no  canvass  set;  the  pilot  on  board  the  schooner  Mary  Elizabeth"
