text
"OUTPORTS,  Queenstown,  Jan.  26.  Arrived—El  Dorado,  Hero,  Simeon,  Cybella,  Antriton,  and  Falcon,  all  from  Callao—Ronope.  New  York  —Euro  ludon,  Alexandria—Lyon,  Havanna—War  Hawk,  Paraiba—  Mercurius  and  Eugenie,  both  from  St.  Domingo—Peismaud,  Hodbe  —Houpp,  -  Dublin,  Jan.  26.—Arrived—Atalanta,  St.  Joho.  Belfast,  Jan.  25.--Compeer,  St.  John,  N.B.  Sailed.—Emma,  Cadiz.  Greenock,  Jan.  25.—Arrived—B.  Rymer,  Mobile—Eclipse,  Seville,  Sailed.—Canadian,  Boston  and  New  York.  MARITIME  EXTRACTS,  Liverpool,  Jan.  26.—The  Ben  Bo:t,  arrived  here  yesterday,  was  struck  by  a  sea,  Jan.  8,  in  lat.  40  N.,  lon.  36  W.,  which  earned  away  binnacle,  filled  cab  n  with  water,  and  subsequently  experienced  very  severe  weather,  wind,  prevailing  from  the  southward.—The  Fairy,  arrived  here  to-day,  encountered  a  violent  hurricane  from  W  S.W.,  Jan  6.  in  lat.  38  N.,  lon.  38  W..  lost  chief  mate  and  part  of  bul bulwarks  warks bulwarks  and  stanchions.—The  Ennerdale,  from  Bassein  and  the  Mau Mauritius,  ritius, Mauritius,  with  loss  of  bowsprit,  foretopmast,  &amp;e,  Plymouth,  Jan.  26.—The  Royal  Charter,  from  Liverpool  to  Aus Austrata,  trata, Austrata,  has  put  in  here  a  little  leaky  in  her  upper  works  from  strain straining  ing straining  —defect.  unimport  nt-appears  overladen—passengers,  crew,  and  ca•  go  all  right.  a  to-day,  e  m  m  a  a  k  o  i  i  n  n  g  t,l  n  J  u  a  e  n  h  .  was  discharged.t  owed  u  p  s  tohe  has  this STYLE=superscript  beenp  o  tt  Pumped  dry,  and  will  be  got  into  dock  in  the  morning  ;  it  is  feared  w  2  a  s  t  .  e  —j  a  h  n  e  d  A  m  '  c  u  io  st  p  b  e  e  liar  bottom  is  injured.  Cork,  Jan.  24.--  - STYLE=superscript  the  Windsor  Castle,  from  Liverpool  to  Suez,  which  put  into  Cineansown.  January  18,  was  very  leaky,  and  it  was  fou  , STYLE=superscript  d  necessary  to  dischsi  ge  part  .  fea  go.  Waterford,  Jan.  25.  —The  Undiue,  from  Glasgow,  tor  Marseilles,  put  in  here  )esteri'ay  with  loss  of  boats,  bulwarks,  sails,  stanchions  and  leaky,  and  w  th  about  30  tons  of  pig  iron  thrown  overboard  in  the  Bay  of  Bisc  , STYLE=superscript  y.  Dublin,  Jan.  26.—The  Victor,  arrived  here  from  St.  John,  N.  121  ,  was  struck  by  a  heavy  sea  in  lat.  44,  lon.  43,  and  throw  n  on  her  berm-ends,  when  the  foremast  was  cut  away  to  right  her.  Harwich,  Jan.  25.--Arrived--The  Fairy  Queen,  from  Liverpool,  with  loss  of  bowsprit,  wa'nm,st,  &amp;c.,  and  passed  through  for  Ipswich.  -n -n  _.ew  York.  Jan.  I2.—Two  barques  were  seen  ashore  north  of  Cur Currytuc,  rytuc, Currytuc,  Jan.  6—supposed  to  have  been  blown  on  in  the  recent  gale  ;  and  a  brig  was  seen  on  shore  at  Barregat.—A  very  severe  snow  storm  was  experienced  al,.  ng,  the  Atlantic  coast  from  Halifax  to  Virginia,  January,  large  quantities  of  ice  had  formed  in  New  York  harbour.  Watkins,  from  Callao  to  Lisbon,  Jan.  19  —The  Francis  Ridley,  Queenstown,  which  put  in  here,  Jan  •ary  S.  leaky,  has  een  sur surveye'.  veye'. surveye'.  and  itis  expected  will  be  order  d  to  discharge.—The  Christit.a,  Costa,  from  Liverpool.  nrtivtd  here.  aler  being  ashore  inside  St.  Julun,  -.slated  off  by  the  st,  amer  L'Louiz.  Cr.dii.—Arri  ve  d—g  he  Ayrshire  1  ass,  Montgomery,  from  Alemn Alemndila  dila Alemndila  for  Queenstow•  .  Car,  o  shifted,  having  b  en  thrown  on  ber  beam  -ends  during  the  late  ga  e.  Penang,  Dec.  24.—Tte  Duke  of  Wellington  has  foundered  in  the  Bay  of  Bengal.  Part  of  the  crew  arrived  here."
