text
"BURNLEY.  The  master  spinners  and  manufactures  of  Burnley  held  a  meeting  on  Saturday  afternoon  last,  to  consider  certain  terms  upon  which  a  great  portion  of  the  lock-outs  agreed  to  resume  work,  and  the  propriety  of  continuing  the  closing  of  the  mills  or  re-opening  them.  The  result  of  their  deliberations,  which  was  waited  for  with  great  anxiety  by  the  operatives,  who  assembled  in  crowds  opposite  the  place  of  meeting,  was  the  following  address  :  To  the  Operatives  of  Burnley  and  the  Neighbourhood.  consequence  of  extensive  combinations  of  the  work workpeople  people workpeople  employe  I  in  the  cotton  mills  of  this  district,  we  were,  some  months  ago,  compelled,  in  self-defence,  to  form  a  masters'  association,  not  for  the  purpose  of  regulating  wages,—to  do  which  permanently  we  believe  to  be  out  of  the  power  of  any  association,  either  of  masters  or  men,  —  but  simply  to  annul  the  action  of  the  union  of  workpeople,  and  to  prevent  the  masters  from  being  obliged,  one  at  a  time,  to  yield  to  ever-increasing  demand  and  encroach encroachments,  ments, encroachments,  which  would,  in  the  end,  have  brought  ruin  on  both  parties.  To  meet  the  acts  of  the  trades'  unions—to  put  an  end  to  the  subscriptions  for  the  support  of  turn-outs—to  show  that,  for  the  future,  combined  efforts  would  not  be  allowed  to  be  brought  to  bear  on  individuals,  or  even  on  single  towns  -in  consequence  of  certain  acts  of  insubordination  and  violence  on  the  part  of  some  workpeople—and  also  to  escape  serious  losses  from  badness  of  trade,  the  masters'  association  resolved  to  stop  their  mills  on  the  28th  of  October.  The  depression  in  trade  still  continues,  and  even  grows  worse,  but,  as  we  know  that  many  of  the  operatives  would  at  an  early  period,  have  been  glad  to  rid  themselves  of  the  trammels  of  the  union  as  we  think  it  probable  that  opinions  more  in  accordance  with  our  own  may  have  spread  during  the  suspension  of  employment,  and  as  we  feel  anxious,  if  possible,  to  prevent  the  severe  destitution  which  must  be  the  consequence  of  a  protracted  stoppage,  we  have  resolved  at  the  risk  of  loss  to  ourselves,  to  give  the  opportunity  of  re resuming  suming resuming  work  to  those  who  think  this  unpleasant  contest  has  lasted  long  enough.  We  cannot,  in  the  brief  compass  of'  an  address,  state  the  reasons  which  have  led  to  the  adoption  of  the  terms  and  con conditions,  ditions, conditions,  upon  which  each  class  of  work-people  may  return  to  their  employment.  Those  terms  may  be  learnt  on  applica application  tion application  at  the  respective  mills.  But  one  condition  we  deem  indispensible,  and  compliance  with  this  will  alone  enble  ns  to  hold  out  the  hope  that  we  can  relinquish  our  associated  capacity.  It  is,  that  no  col collection  lection collection  be  made  amonr  , STYLE=superscript  our  work-people  for  the  support  of  either  local  or  distant  turn-outs.e  do  not  intend  to  enact  any  promise  to  that  effect  from  any  individual,  but  we  plainly  state  that  we  shall  resist  such  a  course  by  all  the  means  in  our  power,  even  to  again  having  recourse  to  the  total  stoppages  of  our  mills.  cannot  without  a  great  change  in  our  prospects,  hold  out  the  expectations  of  working  full  time,  but,  so  long  as  a  reasonable  spirit  is  manifestd  by  the  operatives,  we  have  every  wish  to  do  what  we  can  to  prevent  distress  and  to  pro promote  mote promote  their  prosperity,  We  think  every  one  must  see  that  nothing  is  gained  by  these  combinations  and  counter-combinations,  and  we  hope  that  mutual  good  understanding  and  enlightened  views  will  lead  both  parties  to  rely  solely  on  that  system  of  individual  arrangement  which  is  indispensible  to  long-continued  pros prosperity.  perity. prosperity.  This,  we  imagine,  is  the  good  which  may  be  ex extracted  tracted extracted  from  the  evil  which  we  have  all  so  much  deplored.  is  our  intention,  if  our  views  are  agreed  to  by  a  number  of  workpeople  sufficient  to  carry  on  each  depart department  ment department  of  employment,  to  open  our  mills  on  the  28th  inst.  THE  ASSOCIATED  SPINNERS  AND  MASTERS  OF  BURNLEY.  Burnley,  Nov.  19,  The  above  address  is  pretty  well  received  by  all  exced  the  weavers,  many  of  whom  state  they  will  remain  out  little  longer  before  they  agree  to  the  late  advances  being  being  taken  off.  It  is,  however,  confidently  expected  that  sufficient  hands  will  go  in  to  enable  the  masters  to  run  their  mills.  The  subscriptions  to  the  funds  of  the  lock 'lockouts'  have  been  very  small  ;  their  first  and  last  division  of  funds  was  only  2d.  per  head.  The  little  public  sympathy  they  obtain  is  attributable  in  a  great  measure  to  their  ex extreme  treme extreme  extravagance  during  the  season  of  prosperity  and  full  employ.  Hitherto  everything  has  passed  off  without  the  slightest  act  of  violence  or  intimidation  on  the  part  of  the  workpeople."
