text
"various  othc  1  it  in  a  very  large  a  d  from  ti  name  appeared  as  a  trustee,  an  action  was  brought  against  him,  and  he  was  held  to  be  responsible  as  well  as  the  others,  and,  the  consequence  was,  that  his  bankruptcy  ensued.  The  first  application  which  he  (Hr.  Bardswell)  had  from  Mr.  Lee,  the  registrar,  requiring  the  production  of  the  dam dammeats,  meats, dammeats,  represented  that  he  had  been  instructed  by  a  creditor,  to  make  the  application.  Ile  (Mr.  Bardswell),  however,  well  knew  that  it  could  have  been  no  creditor  and  that  there  was  some  improper  object  in  making  the  application,  because  he  knew,  a  s  a  f  a  ct,  that  there  was  not  a  single  creditor  of  Mr.  Magee's  who,  at  the  time  of  his  - STYLE=superscript  bankruptcy,  was  a  bona  .fiele  creditor  of  his  that  had  not  been  paid  subsequently  by  Mr.  Magee  to  the  full  extent  of  20s  in  the  pound,  and  that  not  a  single  shilling  was  now  due  to  anyperson  al  creditor.  It  had  been  intimated  to  him  that  the  present  application  emanated  from  the  court  itself,  and  that  it  was  with  the  view  of  carrying  out  the  act  of  parliament  which  required  that  all  proceedings  in  exis existence  tence existence  prior  to  the  month  of  November,  1842,  should  be  brought  into  court  ;  and  it  had  also  been  intimated  to  him,  that  although  the  papers  might  be  brought  into  court,  that  circumstance  would  not  warrant  an  inspection  of  them  by  any  third  party  without  a  proper  notice.  His  Honour  :  Certainly  not.  Mr.  Bardswell  continued  t  o  s  a  y  th  a  t  i  n  th  a  t  _  case  his  whole  object  was  the  inspection  of  the  papers  for  an  iinpiu  -  He  did  not.  knew  -ined,  as  his  objection  was  to  d  illegitimate  he  was  purpose  in  iihether  order  in  doing  so,  but  he  would  ask  the  court  to  give  a  special  direction  that  the  papers  should  not  be  inspected  without  the  authority  of  the  court  being  given  on  proper  application  by  the  party  seeking  the  inspection.  His  Honor  said  that  general  instructions  of  the  kind  were  always  given  to  the  officers  of  the  court  ;  but  that  after  what  had  taken  place  in  this  case,  those  orders  would  be  again  given,  and  the  officers  directed  that  any  request  for  the  inspection  of  the  papers  should  be  in  writing,  and  that  it  should  also  be  laid  before  the  court  to  consider  whether  it  was  a  legitimate  rerest  or  not.  At  the  same  time  the  court  could  not  tie  itself  down  to  any  restriction,  but  would  see  that  every  proper  caution  was  used.  Mr.  Brougham  observed  that  in  all  cases  that  caution  was  used,  and  the  solicitor  of  the  assignee'notified  of  the  request.  Mr.  Bardswell  said  that  was  all  that  could  be  asked.  There  was  not  a  single  thing  now  to  be  done  under  the  fat,  and  an  improper  attempt  having  been  made  to  inspect  the  proceedings,  he  was  naturally  led  to  be  un unusually  usually unusually  circumspect  and  careful  in  the  matter,  The  matter  then  dropped,  and  the  papers  were  delivered  immediately  afterwards  to  the  messenger  of  the  court.  POLICE  COI  RT.—YEsr  EMMY  (BEFORE  MR.  ROM  ILY.)  BASE  COIN.—A  young  female,  named  Georgiana  Wil Wilson,  son, Wilson,  was  sent  for  trial,  for  having  passed  several  base  crown  pieces  at  different  shops  in  town.  •  THRFT  1W  A  MILLINER.—A  nice-looking  young  female  named  Matilda  Smith,  was  charged  by  Mrs.  Lightfoot,  of  No.  3,  London-road,  in  whose  empl.oyment  she  was,  with  having  stolen  a  quantity  of  property  in  the  millinery  line.  The  girl  admitted  the  fact,  and  alleged  she  was  in  distress.  She  cried  bitterly,  and  said  the  only  rela relative  tive relative  she  had  in  the  world  was  a  brother,  who  was  at  sea,  and  if  he  heard  of  it,  his  heart  would  break.  She  did  not  care  about  herself,  but  about  her  brother.  The  com complainant  plainant complainant  said,  she  did  not  wish  to  be  hard  on  the  girl,  who  was  committed  for  one  month  ILLEGALLY  PLEDGING.—A  woman  named  Margaret  Kelly,  who  keeps  a  sailor's  boarding  house,  at  No.  15,  Crooked-lane,  was  charged  with  having  pledged  the  clothes  of  a  young  man  named  Abraham  Young.  The  complainant  said  he  had  been  absent  for  some  time,  and  on  his  return  the  day  before  Christmas,  he  found  his  trunk  had  been  emptied  of  Pa  contents  (clothes),  and  the  defendant  gave  him  the  tickets,  as  she  had  pledged  them.  The  prisoner  admitted  that  she  took  the  things,  but  said  the  man  was  away  for  two  years,  and  that  he  owed  her  an  account,  and  she  took  the  things  to  pay  herself.  The  complainant  denied  the  vatement,  but  admitted  that  he  said  he  would  forgive  her  if  sho  released  the  goods:  She  was  ordered  to  pay  the  amount,  or  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.  (BEF3RE  MR.'  T.  »qcroN.)  •  A  DROP  o'  SP  IRITS  !—Two  persons  ,  named.  ,  James  Madrell,  and  J.  Hooley,  were  charged  by  officer  198  under  the  following  circums'ances.  The  officer  said  he  was  on  duty  at  the  C  o  ili  ng  woo  d  d  ock  on  Monday,  where  there  we.e  gaugers  measuring  whiskey  that  had  arrived  by  the  Cork  steam  packet.  He  saw  seine  persons  in  the  hqt  drinking,  and  the  prisoners  asked  him  to  have  a  drink.  oe  the  whiskey  out  of  a  bottle  which  they  produced.  He  refused,  and  asked  had  they  any  more&gt;  They  said  they  had,  and  produced  two  bottles.  He  then  inquired,  of  them  if  these  were  samples  ?  and  they  said  He  then  took  the  whiskey  to  the  central  police-office,  where  he  received  instructions  to  arrest  the  prisoners  for  steel steeling  ing steeling  the  whiskey.  Subsequently,  Madrell  said  the  bottles  were  samples.  He  then  went  to  Mr.  Wilson,  the  agent,  who  informed  him  he  did  not  allow  the  men  to  take  any  samples  at  all.  Mr.  Bluck,  who  appeared  for  the  prisoners,  stopped  the  witness  hero,  and  said  this  was  not  evidence.  He  proceeded  to  cross-examine  the  officer,  who  in  reply,  said  he  did  not  take  any  of  the  whiskey  with  the  prisoners.  One  of  the  prisoners  was  the  delivery,  and  the  other,  the  forwarding  clerk,  at  the  office  of  the  company  at  the  dock;  they  were  in  the  place  —they  ought  to  be  at  their  duty.  The  steam-boat  was  dig,  charging  cargo,  and  there  were  seven  casks  of  whiskey  on  the  quay  opened  by  the  excise  officers,  who  were  taking  samples.  The  excise-officer  was  called,  and  he  said  the  officers  took  samples,  but  after  trying  them,  the  samples  were  returned  to  the  casks.  The  policeman,  in  reply  to  Mr.  Bluck,  said  the  prisoners  had  not  removed,  nor  did  they  attempt  to  remove,  the  whiskey  from  he,  huts.  There  was  not  the  least  secrecy  or  concealment  made  about  it.  Mr.  Robert  Richmond,  spirit  merchant,  Cable-street,  said  he  had  had  two  puncheons  of  whiskey  from  Cork,  by  the  steamer  Nimrod,  One  was  sent  off  to  Manchester  direct  from  the  docks,  the  other  was,hrought  to  his  store.  Mr.  Blue'::  Wi  l  you  swear  this  whiskey  now  produced  is  yours  ?  Wi'ness  :  I  cannot  tell  that.  Mr.  Bluck  :  Was  the  cask  foil  ?  Witness:  Yes,  one  was  as  full  as  usual,  but  that  which  °vale  to  me  was  from  quart  to  three  pin's  shore.  The  excise  -officer  said  when  he  measured  the  cask  at  the  dock,  it  corresponded  exacta  y  with  the  contents  of  the  permit.  It  was  usual  when  the  ownerspresent,  to  hav  e  men  t  h  ere.  It  ,vas  hi  tyto  spirits  b  waTvgre  up  the  c  as  k  s  ,  but  in  this  case  he  left  it  to  be  done  by  others.  Mr.  Black  :  And  there  were  other  casks  of  whiskey  there  also?  Witness:  Ther  e  were  several  oth  er  cas  k  s  open.  Mr.  Bluck  contendcA  that  no  matter  how  irregular  his  clients  might  have  acted,  they  had  not  committed  a  felony.  It  was  quite  usual  for  men,  when  gauging  whiskey  in  this  way,  to  take  a  glass.  Mr.  Richmond  :  They  had  no  authority  to  do  so.  Mr.  Bluck  :  It  being  Christmas  time,  ?rhaps,  there  o  u  ght  to  be  a  littl  e  l  a  tit  u  d  e  allowed,'His,  clients  bore  an  excellent  character,  and  no  one  could  say,  w  h  o  heard  the  case,  that  they  contemplated  a  felony.  The  whiskey  would  have  been  drunk  in  the  shed,  had  not  - STYLE=superscript  the  police_  man  interfered.  Mr.  Bolton  remarked,  that  he  was  far  from  saying  that  the  conduct  of  the  prisoners  was  free  from  impropri&amp;y,  but  he  thought  the  whole  thing  arose  from  the  neglect  of  the  excise  officer  in  not  bunging  up  the  casks.  He  cautioned  the  prisoners  as  to  their  future  conduct,  and  discharged  them.  NOT  THE  REAL  TIN.  luaguire,  was  charged  with  stealing  251bs  of  block  tin,  value  355,  from  a  cask  the  Coburg-dock.  - STYLE=superscript  From  the  evidence,  it  appeared  that  there  was  a  cask  of  the  metal  left  in  the  dock,  and  in  the  adsence  of  a  person  Who  was  left  to  watch  it,  the  prisoner  Plundered  it.  He  admitted  the  theft,  and  said  it  was  distress  that  caused  him  to  do  it.  Committed  for  two  months.  —James  HARLEQUINADE  ACCIDENT.—On  Friday  night,  towards  the  doze  of  the  pantomime  at  Cov(nt-garden  theatre,  the  harlequin,  Mr.  C,  Brown,  struck  his  bead  aga  i  nst  a  pro projecting  jecting projecting  piece  of  wood  an  d  fell  heavily  o  n  hi  s  s  h  oulder,  which  b STYLE=superscript  was  dislocated,  He  received  prompt  surgical  at attendance,  tendance, attendance,  but  was  removed  to  his  residence  in  a  state  of  great  suffering,"
