text
"MANCHESTER  CITY  SESSIONS.  -YESTERDAY.  The  general  quarter  sessions  of  the  peace  for  the  city  of  Manchester  commenced  in  the  Court-house,  Brown-street,  yesterday  (Tuesday),  before  the  Recorder  (R.  B.  Armstrong,  Esq.,  Q.C.,)  and  the  following  magistrates  :—Messrs.  W.  B.  Watkins,  Joseph  Peel,  M.  Kennedy,  and  C.  J.  S.  Walker.  The  following  gentlemen  were  sworn  on  the  grand  jury  :  —Messrs.  John  Lowe,  Paul  Cababe,  William  Chambers,  John  Carver,  jun.,  John  Dacre,  Matthew  Dobson,  Thomas  Forshaw,  E.  Charlton  Harding,  John  Robson  Toy,  John  Leisler,  Henry  Lee,  William  Benjamin  Newland,  James  Neild,  Thomas  Oram,  jun.,  Joseph  Parker,  Ashworth  Peas Peashouse,  house, Peashouse,  William  Thorp,  and  William  Warburton.  The  proclamation  against  vice,  profanity,  and  immorality,  and  for  the  encouragement  of  virtue,  having  been  read,  The  RECORDER  charged  the  grand  jury.  He  said,  five  weeks  only  had  elapsed  between  the  last  and  the  present  sessions,  and  they  mighthave  expected  that  on  that  account  he  would  have  been  able  to  congratulate  the  grand  jury  that  their  labours  would  be  lighter  than  that  of  their  pre predecessors.  decessors. predecessors.  But  he  was  sorry  to  say  that  he  was  unable  to  offer  such  congratulations,  for  during  the  interval  that  had  elapsed  there  had  been  committed  for  trial  on  charges  of  felony  no  less  than  74  persons,  and  on  charges  of  mis misdemeanor  demeanor misdemeanor  no  fewer  than  7.  And  in  respect  to  the  calendar  he  found  that  the  greater  number  of  the  committals  had  taken  place  during  the  latter  portion  of  the  period  referred  to.  During  the  last  three  weeks  there  had  been  committed  fifty-six  persons  on  charges  of  felony  and  all  the  misdemenants,  making  the  number  of  committals  from  that  time  upwards  of  twenty  per  week,  which  was  more  than  the  average  during  the  time  he  had  the  honour  of  presiding  over  that  court.  The  cases  generally  were  light;  but  there  were  six  cases  of  breaking  into  houses  or  warehouses  and  stealing  property  therefrom.  He  found  that  amongst  those  committed  for  trial  on  charges  of  felony  there  were  seven  who  had  been  previously  convicted,  which  was  a  subject  of  regret.  Generally  speaking  he  had  had  to  regret  that  at  Manchester  the  proportion  of  women  to  men,  amongst  the  persons  charged  with  the  commission  of  felony,  had  exceeded  the  ordinary  average  one-third.  But  on  the  present  occasion,  he  was  glad  to  say,  that  the  proportion  of  women  was  less  than  one  third.  With  regard  to  education,  the  government  had  expressed  a  desire  to  be  informed  of  the  number  of  persons  brought  for  trial  wly  , STYLE=superscript  could  read  without  being  able  to  write,  and  he  found  that  amongst  those  committedifor  trial  on  that  charge,he  found  21  who  were  absolutely  ignorant,  11  that  could  read,  39  that  could  read  and  write  imperfectly,  and  3  that  could  read  and  write  well,  or,  in  other  words,  had  received  such  an  educa education  tion education  as  might  have  been  expected  to  produce  a  beneficial  effect  upon  their  conduct.  Of  those  who  were  charged  with  misdemeanors  two  could  read,  three  could  neither  read  nor  write,  and  two  could  read  and  write  but  imperfectly.  As  to  education  he  thought  that  if  they  could  only  get  children  educated,  they  would  very  much  improve  the  morals  of  the  country.  But  that  was  a  matter  in  which  Manchester  had  taken  an  interest,  and  it  was  not  requisite  for  him  then  to  dwell  upon  it.  The  grand  jury  retired  to  their  room.  The  attention  of  the  court  was  next  occupied  with  the  hear:  ing  of  appeals,  none  of  which  presented  any  feature  of  public  interest.  ST.  PAUL'S  CHURCH  NATIONAL  SCHOOLS.—The  annual  tea  party  and  meeting,  in  aid  of  the  building  funds  of  the  above  schools,  was  held  last  night,  at  the  Concert  Hall,  Lord  Nelson-street.  The  hall,  which  was  crowded  to  excess,  was  tastefully  decorated  for  the  occasion  ;  the  Rev.  G.  Read  presided.  After  tea  had  been  removed,  the  assembly  was  addressed  by  the  chairman  in  a  few  remarks.  He  then  called  upon  the  Rev.  J.  B.  Lowe,  who  impressed  upon  the  minds  of  the  audience  the  necessity  of  schools  in  St.  Paul's  district,  for  the  religious  instruction  and,  education  of  young  children,  and  entreated  them  to  contribute  towards  the  building  of  those  schools.  The  speaker  next  referred  to  Sunday  school  teaching  as  absolutely  necessary,  and  as  an  additional  means  of  scriptural  instruction  ;  and  farther  implored  the  Sunday  school  teachers  to  instil  into  the  minds  of  the  young  children  who  are  committed  to  their  care,  the  Gospel  of  Christ,  and  especially  to  look  after  their  welfare.  He  would  advise  the  Sunday  school  teachers  to  furnish  themselves  with  anecdotes,  in  illustration,  as  it  is  more  difficult  to  teach  the  younger  children  without  those  means  than  those  who  are  older.  The  meeting  was  subsequently  addressed  by  several  e  other  gentlemen.  After  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  h  •  man,  the  assembly  separated.  MONETARY  AND  COMMERCIAL.  *  LIVERPOOL,  TUESDAY  EVENING•  The  holidays  tended,  with  the  state  of  eontioe  tal  politics  and  local  circumstances,  to  make  til  e STYLE=superscript  Share  Markets  little  more  than  a  record  of  the  fee'  transactions  done.  The  intelligence  by  the  Ind  o STYLE=superscript  mail  was  not  commercially  important.  The  Funil  s STYLE=superscript  improved  as  the  day  advanced,  and  closed  at  94  to  1  for  the  account.  Shares  also  were  more  buoyant  as  the  day  pre'  gressed.  We  have  advices  from  Alexandria  to  the  1  8 STYLE=superscript  °  inst.  On  the  14th  the  shipments  of  grain,  since  the  permission  of  the  Viceroy  for  the  export  of  the  quantity  'actually  in  Alexandria,  have  been  —t  o STYLE=superscript  Leghorn,  1,430  ardebs  beans,  10,341  ardebs  wheat;  to  Malta,  3,295  ardebs  wheat;  to,Trieste  and  Venice!  4,000  ardebs  beans,  6,155  ardebs  wheat;  to  Mar'  seilles,  2,065  ardebs  wheat;  to  Liverpool,  3,66  5 STYLE=superscript  ardebs  beans,  3,178  ardebs  wheat  ;  •to  London  , STYLE=superscript  6,700  ardebs  wheat;  to  Falmouth,  (for  orders)  , STYLE=superscript  5,962  ardebs  begis,  24,162  ardebs  wheat,  2,14  6 STYLE=superscript  ardebs  linseed,  .2,098  ardebs  barley,  1,827  coci•  Of  the  different  kinds  of  grain  in  all-77,02  4 STYLE=superscript  ardebs,  equal  to  46,000  quarters  English;  b  es  ides  these  there  is  shipping  in  port  for  about  240,00  0 STYLE=superscript  quarters.  Freights  for  England  at  present  stand  lls.,  calling  at  Falmouth  for  orders.  The  following  ,  are  the  latest  quotations  of  the  rates  of  the  foreign  exchanges  :—Amsterdam,  three  months,  11  15f.  16  ;  short,  11  14  14;  Hamburg,  L  3  41  I  :  Antwerp,  25  174  20  ;  Paris  short,  24  9  5 STYLE=superscript  25  5  ;  three  months,  25  25  30  ;  Frankfort,  1111  I;  Vienna,  11  35  40;  Trieste,  11  37  43.  The  Liverpool  cotton  market  was  firm  to-day,  with  a  fair  general  inquiry.  The  sales  amounted  to  6,000  bales,  of  which  1,000  were  taken  on  specir  lation  and  for  export.  The  imports  of  Cotton  this  week  so  far  are  7,990  American  ;  1,900  Pernam  ;  and  319  Egyptian.  The  receipts  into  the  ports  for  the  week  ending  14th  December,  advised  per  Europa,  as  per  Nei'  York  shipping  list,  are  71,352  Against  145,499  The  Exports  to  Great  Britain  are......  24,686  Against  55,167  The  quantity  of  Cotton  now  at  sea  for  this  port,  amounts  to  82,584  bales,  viz.:—  From  New  York  „  Charleston  Savannah  3,897  „  Mobile  ...  4,299  „  New  Orleans  82,584  Against  260,000  last  year  By  telegraph  from  New  Orleans  12th  December,  sales-12,000  bales.  Middling,  cents.  Freights  , STYLE=superscript  /  to  13-t6.  A  Savannah  private  circular  of  10th  December  , STYLE=superscript  states  We  have  had  a  storm  in  the  Atlantic  States  this  week,  accompanied  by  heavy  rains,  and  as  a  good  deal  of  rough  weather  was  experienced  in  the  Gulf  States  during  the  week  preceding  , STYLE=superscript  some  of  the  open  Cotton  is  undoubtedly  lost,  and  it  is  quite  possible  the  picking  may  be  limited  to  3,000,000  bales.  There  are  lower  estimates  the  this,  but  none  well  founded  Lupon  the  deve'  lopments  at  present  before  the  public.  The  bad  weather  is  the  more  to  b  e  r  egre  tt  e  d,  as  it  `vii  defeat  the  expectation  of  some  improvement  in  the  quality—much  We  quote  the  following  from  the  circular  °  Messrs.  Talcott,  Brothers,  of  New  York.—  There  have  been  but  few  opportunities  sill&amp;  the  season  opened  for  the  execution  of  foreign  orders,  even  at  the  most  liberal  limits  given  O  r STYLE=superscript  small  quantities,  based  as  they  have  been  on  th  e STYLE=superscript  A  supposition  that  the  crop  would  be  fully  3,000,0  0 STYLE=superscript  u  bales,  whereas  the  present  action  is  based  00  °,  crop  not  to  exceed  28  to  2,850,000  bales.  Thos  e STYLE=superscript  ,  who  are  waiting  for  increased  r  e  ceipts  an  d  lours:  prices,  of  course  advocate  higher  figure  s  ,  an  d  thu  i  while  the  o  n  f  ie  op  g  i  a  t  r  iion  in  s  a  r  t  ee  pL  p  es  t  e  e  nt  an  a  d  dv  e  o  x  c  p  a  o  te  r  d  ts  by  is  I  ti  v  l  e  o  es:J  _„  v,  and  outs,  is  from  2,700,000  to  3,100,000  bales.  Ale  o  e'''',:  widening,  and  (whatever  the  crop  may  ultimate  l STYLE=superscript  y  prove)  must  continue  to  do  so  until  the  South  rivers  rise.  The  deficit  at  New  Orleans,  as  1  13 STYLE=superscript  ,  ii STYLE=superscript  :  0  ,  up  on  the  9th  at  all  the  ports,  was  465,000  and  is  probably  now  much  greater;  but  nothi  ,  later  in  reference  to  the  rece  i  p  t  s  h  as  b  een  rec  Our  attention  is  called  by  our  f  r  i  en  d  s  ei  i  Orleans,  under  date  of  30th  ult.,  ftr  va  - STYLE=superscript  from  Ist  comparison  of  '  t.'&#34;  I STYLE=superscript  : STYLE=superscript  &#34;.'  rniPt' STYLE=superscript  * STYLE=superscript  i  ..'  from  the  Etittri:bginteod  d  ;  a  it  t  T  e  erd  ,  i  and  bß  t  u  h  tiva  is  eriresa.  nd  and  Yazooa  last  t  do.  year,  Tenne  s  sCumberland  e  .  a  tin  :  First  3  mos,  in  1853,  11,971  6,090  178  .'•  2 STYLE=superscript  4  9  Do.  This  do  c  .  ompai  n  i  tt  n,  102,824  certainly  2  e  2  s  j  ta  s  b  l  lis  t,  e  s  s  os  th  - STYLE=superscript  e  3 STYLE=superscript  c  ac  t  that  receipts  are  this  year  delayed  by  low  rivers'  but  it  proves  no  mo  re  .  Th  e  op  i  n  i  on  we  find  fr,.„  i  'l  °ll STYLE=superscript  our  correspondence  to  be  a  ve  r  y  genera  l  one  ,  ti`,  a  the  yield  in  the  sections  above  referred  t  o  will  1  this  season  materially  less  than  last,  and  a  ll  adi°  l STYLE=superscript  o  that  the  receipts  at  New  Orleans  will  fall  f  r  om  1 STYLE=superscript  -`  l STYLE=superscript  ;t  to  250,000  bales  below  year.  Several  of  our  leo  ,  reliable  correspondents,  whose  opinion  for  a  sere!  of  years  have  been  proved  to  be  very  accurate,  es  ti STYLE=superscript  ;  mate  New  Orleans  at  1,300,000,  and  Texas  s STYLE=superscript  ,„  100,000  bales.  If  these  figures  are  correct,  the  er  ° STYLE=superscript  „J'  cannot  exceed  2,850,000  bales.  But  the  questi°:  of  crop,  whether  2,800,000  or  3,000,000,  is  of  litt:  importance  as  affecting  -  value,  compared  with  UP  great  questions  which  at  present  agitate  Europe'  and  on  the  early  and  favorable  solution  of  whit  or  their  protraction,  hinges  the  condition  o  f  tb  il  manufacturing  districts  of  Great  Britain.  A  fuvi  supply,  when  trade  is  prosperous,  is  n  o  cause  of  alarm  but  when  mills  are  closed,  the  ears  are  „ STYLE=superscript  to  the  cry  of  short  crop.  The  Liverpool  Share  Market  was  dull  to  daY!  few  persons  have  returned  to  business  in  the  StoP  Exchange  Caledonians,  271  8;  Eastern  Counties'  1311  ;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  674-  1;  Londo  n STYLE=superscript  and  North  Western,  1034  4  ;  Midland,  631,  1 STYLE=superscript  ;  Norti/  British,  7f,  8  ;  South-E  as  t  ern  ,  181  1;  York  1  111 STYLE=superscript  `  . STYLE=superscript  North,  24  8,  ;  Sheffield  Stock,  24  4-,.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  The  pantomime  produced  at  this  deservedly  popular  estl;  blishment,  is  from  the  pen  of  a  rising  young  townsman,  Pi  author  of  last  year's  pant  om  i  me  f  or  th  e  same  th  eatre.  It  a  4  '  entitled,  Ormshead  th  e  G  rea  t,  or  H  ar  l  equ  i  n  and  .Jeff  Jones,  and  the  Fair  Flower  of  S  now  d  on  Th  e  plot  11,1.0  the  dialogue  are  equally  i  n  t  eres  ti  ng  an  d  amus  i  ng  ,  As  title  indicates,  the  scene  o  f  th  e  story  i  s  i  n  North  Virgin,  The  first  scene  int  ro  d  uces  th  e  spectator  to  t  h  e  d  e  al  bridge,  and  an  old  g  l  en  a  t  th  e  f  oo  t  o  f  S  now  d  on,  b  eaut  ifulg  executed  by  Mr.  Wright.  The  story  of  the  piece  runs  thtt  i STYLE=superscript  o  i  The  fairy  queen  Sno  w  d  ro  p  (Mi  ss  M  arr  i  ott  )  h  as  ejected  fr9n.  her  palace  Lushiana,  (Mr.  Appl  e  by)  a  ti  pp  li  ng  vibr  unable  to  revenge  upon  Sn  ow  d  ro  p,  pl  o  t  s  aga  i  ns  t  t  h  e  h  a  PP';  ness  of  Jenny  Jones,  her  protege.  With  the  aid  of  a  deo%  band,  she  excites  young  Ormshead  (M  r  .  D  en  tith)  early  Prince  of  Wales,  to  propose  marriage  to  t:  fair  Jenny.  but  she  scornfully  rejects  his  suit,  and  prays  '°  the  return  of  her  faithful  lov  er  ,  Edward  Morgan  (Mr.  Le  n STYLE=superscript  '  nox),  who  is  ploughing  the  salt  In  the  m  e  antiol:i  Queen  Snowdrop  is  apprised  o  f  th  e  i  n  t  en  ti  on  o  f  t  h  e  wick  a  Lushiana,  and  contrives  to  shipwreck  King  Ormshead  01 STYLE=superscript  3  ,  his  suite  in  the  very  storm  got  u  p  f  or  t  h  e  d  estruct  i  on  of  -9,i0  ward  Morgan,  who  is  eventually  restored  to  the  arms  of  true  after  undergoing  a  series  of  storms,  battles,  P  al  perils.  The  transformation  then  takes  place,  the  Ormshe  fi STYLE=superscript  being  changed  to  the  mount  a  i  n  w  hi  c  h  now  b  ears  t  h  e  i  r  n  ape  , STYLE=superscript  Lushiana  becomes  the  clow  n  ,  D  av  ydd  J  ones  t  h  e  pantalcoo,  e  ,  Edward  Morgan,  Harlequin  ,  an  d  J  enny  J  ones,  ael  an  ibic,,  Signor  Vilderini,  who  appears  in  the  opening  as  a  frog'  makes  an  exceedingly  clever  sprite.  The  opening  dialogue  abounds  in  several  humo  urous  and  pointed  allusions  to  the  politics  of  the  day,  in  which  ° STYLE=superscript  l4  ,  belligerent  neighbours  in  the  eas  t  figure  rather  conspieuoa_  s STYLE=superscript  4  Thus  Edward  Morgan,  in  vindicating  hi  mse  lf  and  Jel'  Jones  from  the  treacherous  Ormshead,  exclaims—.  Ye  black  faced  swabs,  why  1  could  take  the  rise  From  out  a  thousand  such  loblolly  boys.  Thus  British  pluck  against  the  World  can  stand,  And  ever  lend  the  weak  a  helping  hand  ;  We  know  our  strength,  and  that  mayhap  is  why  Our  NOBS  in  Foreign  matters  fight  so  shy  ;  Once  roused,  let  despots  quake,  their  grasping  paws.  Will  smart  beneath  the  angered  lion's  'oLA  we.'  ,  Whene'er  'John  Bull'  turns  'Turk'  he'll  pl  ay  the  u  1 STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  And  make  old  Nick  himself  soon  find  his  level.  Our  brave  old  flag  in  honour's  cause  unfurled,  Shall  proudly  float  defiance  to  the  4  1r STYLE=superscript  The  masks,  machinery  and  general  ge  tti  ng  up  o  f  the  rtP  o  e STYLE=superscript  tomime,  reflect  much  credit  on  the  en  t  erpr  i  sing  spirit  °itii,p  management,  and  many  of  the  scen  es  are  execu  ted  ''''  s  et  degree  of  taste  and  truthfulness,  whi  c  h  we  h  ave  seldetoii  surpassed.  Amongst  them  may  b  e  no  ti  ce  d  a  v  i  ew  o  f  0,  0  den,  from  the  Pass  of  Llanberis,  the  Vale  of  Llangolleil'  o  l  the  Sylvan  Retreat  of  the  Fairies,  and  stalactite  cap'  4t  the  interior  of  i  n  w  hi  c  h  t  h  e  open  i  ng  o  f  the  i'j  tomime  closes,  and  th  e  h  ar  l  equ  i  na  d  e  i  s  introduced.,  roil°,  transformation  havin  g  t  a  k  en  p  l  ace,  we  h  ave  t  h  e  usua  l STYLE=superscript  c  o  of  drollery,  in  whi  c  h  severa  l  l  oca  l  scenes  an  d  o  ld  ts  e STYLE=superscript  ditiki  , STYLE=superscript  introduced.  The  pantomime  throughout  ran  eite.  e STYLE=superscript  !  c  bef')  smoothly,  there  bei  ng  an  a  l  mos  t  en  ti  re  a  b  sence  o  f  hi`  ro  le  t  e  peculiar  to  a  fi  rs  t  p  er  f  ormance.  Th  e  h  ouse  was  Coo  from  pit  to  ceiling.,  and  several  hundreds  left  the  having  oaen  unable  to  gain  admission.  P2_TB00077 W  e  antic]  are  ti"
