text
"SWITZERLAND.  New  arrests  continue  to  be  made  in  the  Canton  of  Tessin,  in  consequence  of  the  revelations  of  Contini,  the  agent,  real  or  supposed  of  the  Lom Lombard  bard Lombard  authorities.  In  the  elections  which  have  taken  place  for  the  Council  of  State  for  the  Cantonof  Vaud,  the  five  members  of  which  it  was  composed  have  been  re reelected  elected reelected  without  any  serious  struggle.  A  change  of  ministry  has  taken  place  in  Hanover.  A  commercial  treaty  between  France  and  Bel Belgium  gium Belgium  is  under  consideration.  AUSTRALIA.  ARRIVAL  OF  THE  INDIAN  QUEEN  (From  our  Third  Edition  of  Yesterday.)  The  Black  line  of  packet-ship,  In  dian  Queen,  Captain  Mills,  belonging  to  James  Baines  and  Co.,  has  just  arrived  at  this  port  from  Mel Melbourne,  bourne, Melbourne,  whence  she  sailed  on  the  28th  of  August.  She  has  brought  home  38,992  ounces  of  gold,  and  sixty  passengers.  Her  advices  are  five  days  later  than  those  previously  to  hand.  The  Indian  Queen  sailed  from  Port  Philip  Heads  30th  August,  passed  Swan  Island  31st,  New  Zea Zealand  land Zealand  15th  September,  Cape  Horn  6th  October,  and  crossed  the  equator  Ist  Nov.  •  ran  330  miles  per  day  for  several  days,  off  Cate  Horn.  Her  greatest  day's  running  was  335  miles.  She  has  performed  the  voyage  out  and  home  in  6  months  and  11  days,  having  left  Liverpool  on  the  17th  of  May.  The  Melbourne  Morning  Herald  gives  the  follow  ing  as  a  summary  of  the  news  The  price  of  gold  has  remained  immoveable  throughout  the  week,  notwitstauding  considerable  fluctuation  in  the  extent  of  the  supply,  which  now  invariably  falls  off  after  the  middle  of  the  week.  The  export  of  gold  dust  and  ingots  for  the  week,  up  to  yesterday,  was  confined  to  that  shipped  by  the  Argo,  but  to today,  day, today,  the  Bavaria  was  to  clear  out  for  New  York,  with  some  six  or  seven  thousand  ounces.  The  re receipts  ceipts receipts  of  specie  have  not  much  exceeded  £30,000.  In  money  and  banking  affairs  we  have  no  changes  to  note,  beyond  the  extension  of  demand  for  drafts  on  London,  which  shows  that  other  remittances  besides  gold  dust  are  largely  required  at  present  to  meet  the  increasing  bulk  of  importations.  The  United  States  also  begin  to  draw  off  our  bullion,  —the  departure  of  the  first  vessel  direct  for  the  commercial  capital  of  that  republic  having  been  announced  for  to-day,  as  referred  to  above.  On  the  other  hand,  remittances  to  the  amount  of  a  million,  or  upwards,  will  be  shortly  flowing  into  the  colony,  from  the  recent  wool  sales,  and  will  restore  the  balance  which  now  turns  against  us.  The  usual  weekly  return  of  shipping  and  imports  appended  hereto,  includes  eight  days  on  the  pre present  sent present  occasion,  owing  to  the  return  having  been  made  up  a  day  earlier  than  usual  last  week,  for  transmission  to  England  by  the  Argo.  The  aggre  gate  of  the  two  Weeks  shows  an  arrival  of  over  4,000  tons  of  shipping,  and  about  six  thousand  passengers.  The  principal  feature  in  the  imports  has  been  a  decline  in  the  receipts  of  flour,  and  a  large  increase  in  those  of  building  materials  and  useful  implements  from  Great  Britain,  America,  and  other  distant  ports.  These  arrivals,  together  with  the  large  amount  of  more  substantial  buildings  now  in  progress  in  the  city,  can  hardly  fail  to  affect,  shortly,  the  enormous  rents  still  demanded  for  small  tenements,  and  promise  ultimately  to  increase  largely  the  amount  of  storage,  both  for  wholesale  and  retail  dealers.  Although  a  slight  appearance  of  activity  has  been  imparted  to  some  branches  of  the  wholesale  trade  this  week  by,  speculative  purchasers,  nothing  has  transpired  effectually  to  stop  the  downward  ten tendency  dency tendency  which  the  constant  heavy  arrivals  of  goods  occasion.  The  flour  trade  may,  however,  be  still  excepted  from  this  depression,  additional  firmness  having  been  evinced  in  the  colonial  imports  of  that  article,  which  now  find  a  market  at  the  full  rates  of  the  town  mills.  We  a  have  also  heard  of  good  barrel  flour  realising  nearly  the  same  figure.  Bran  con continues  tinues continues  very  scarce,  and  some  importers  are  asking  as.  6d.  per  bushel.  The  very  large  receipts  of  oats  keep  down  the  price  of  that  corn;  and  for  prime  English  barley,  lls,  is  obtained  with  difficulty.  Quotations  in  the  wine  trade  are  considered  perfectly  nominal  ;  and  all  descriptions  of  spirits,  except  rum,  have  gone  down  lower.  Martell's  brandy  has  been  sold  at  10s.  6d.  to  12s.  per  gallon.  Malt  liqours  are  also  lower  :  a  large  quantity  of  bottled  porter  (choice  brand)  has  changed  hands  at  10s.  in  the  bay.  In  the  provision  trade,  the  subjoined  price  cur current  rent current  will  show  a  further  decline  in  many  articles,  particularly  English  hams  and  bacon.  Tea,  coffee,  and  sugar  maintain  previous  rates,  except  English  loaf  sugar,  which  is  decidedly  lower.  A  decline  of  about  2d.  per  lb.  has  been  sub submitted  mitted submitted  to  in  manufactured  tobacco.  Timber  is  ten  to  twenty  per  cent.  lower,  but,  the  prices  are  still  highly  favourable  for  the  im importers.  porters. importers.  -  We  lately  noticed  the  increased  importation  of  articles  of  luxury,  as  marking  our  progress  onward  to  a  more  settled  condition  :  we  have  now  the  gratification  to  perceive  a  constantly  increasing  import  of  food  for  the  mind,  in  the  way  of  books,  pictures,  musical  instruments,  &amp;c.  Another  and  more  matter-of-fact  evidence  of  this  progress  is  the  almost  daily  announcement  of  new  joint-stock  com companies  panies companies  for  carrying  out  desirable  and  practical  objects  in  that  city.  The  Cleopatra  steamer  was  to  sail  from  Mel Melbourne  bourne Melbourne  on  the  Ist  of  September  for  Liverpool.  Two  of  the  persons  implicated  in  the  recent  extensive  gold  escort  robbery,  had  been  arrested  and  lodged  in  gaol  at  Portland.  There  was  a  great  demand  in  the  labour  market,  and  in  consequence  the  rate  of  wages  had  slightly  advanced  beyond  those  last  reported.  The  government  escort  from  Mclvor  and  Goul Goulburn  burn Goulburn  arrived  at  the  treasury  on  the  26th  of  August,  with  its  usual  punctuality,  bringing  down  1,408  ounces  of  gold.  Last  number  of  certificates,  1,534;  Goulburn,  17.  The  government  escort  from  Castlemaine,  in  charge  of  Lieutenant  Messenger,  and  a  troop  of  the  mounted  40th,  arrived  at  the  Treasury,  on  the  same  day,  with  35,360  ounces.  Last  numbers  :  Forest  Creek,  10,567  ;  Sandhurst,  18,137  ;  Eagle  Hawk,  85  ;  Fryer's  Creek,  666.  Golden  Point,  11  ;  Wederburn,  204;  Amherst,  74;  Moliagull,  89.  Exchange  on  London  for  30  days  Bills,  was  quoted  at  par  or  one  half  per  cent  discount,  for  every  additional  thirty  days.  COMMERCIAL  INTELLIGENCE.  PRICES  OF  FLOUR  AND  BRAN  AT  THE  TOWN  MILLS.  Fine  Sec.  per  ton,  per  brl.  Dight  and  Rucker  .  £3o  .  .  £2B  ..  ss.  Od.  Fulton  and  Smith  3O  ,  .  28  .  .  ss.  Od.  Degraves  and  Co.  3O  .  .  28  ..  ss.  Od.  GENERAL  PRODUCE.—About  60  carts  have  entered  during  the  week,  but  no  material  alteration  in  prices  has  taken  place.  The  following  are  the  present  prices;  —Radishes,  6d  per  bundle  ;  Lettuces,  6s.  per  dozen  ;  Cabbages,  14s.  to  20s.  per  dozen  '  •  cauliflowers,  20s.  to  245.  ditto  ;  carrots,  6s.  do.  ;  turnips,  4s.  to  65..  ditto  ;  potatoes;  265.  per  cwt.  •,  eggs;  ss.  per  dozen;  butter,  4s.  6d;  per  lb:  ;  onions;  4d;  per  lb;  ;  cucumbers;  1s:  6d,  each;  geese,  16g.  each  ;  turkeys,  16s.  do.;  ducks,  14s.  per  pair;  fowls,  14s.  per  pair.  LABOUR  MARRET.—We  have  to  notice  a  much  greater  demand  for  labour,  during  the  past  week,  than  has  existed  for  some  weeks  previous  )  in  consequence  of  which,  wages  have  advanced  a  little.  The  following  are  the  present  rates:  1  Married  couples,  without  families,  per  annum,  with  rations..  ..  ..  Ditto,  with  family  .  .  :  8  .  .60  to  60  0  Married  couples,  for  shepherds  &amp;  htit-keepers.  50  Ditto,  ditto,  with  young  families,  ..  ..  45  Shepherds,  with  rations  :  .  •  •  •  •  35  Old  shepherds  ..  :  .  ..  ,  40  Hut-keepers,  per  annum,  with  rations.  .  .30  to  32  General  farm  servants,  with  rations,  255.  to  30s.  per  week.  Men,  for  lambing,  at  355.  per  week.  Shearers,  20s.  to  265.  per  hundred,  and  rations.  Ploughmen,  30s.  Bullock  driv drivers,  ers, drivers,  with  rations,  60s;  to  80s.  per  week  on  the  road.  Horse  teams,  60s,  Labourers,  255.  to  30s.  per  week,  with  rations.  Hay  cutters  and  trussers,  £2  per  week,  or  10s.  per  ton.  Carpenters,  daily,  12s.  per  day,  with  rations.  Ditto,  15s.  to  20s.  per  day,  with  rations.  X  £  Bush  carpenters,  with  rations,  per  annum  ..  80  to  100  Storekeepers,  with  rations,  per  annum  ..  40  to  50  Cooks,  male,  30s.  per  week  to  £3.  Grooms,  with  rations,  per  annum...  ..  40  to  50  Gardeners,  with  rations,  per  annum  ..  75  _  _  Blacksmiths  £6  per  week,  without  rations;  ditto,  country,  with  rations,  £4  10s.  per-  week  ;  Wheelwrights,  £6  per  week  ;  Compositors,  ls.  6d.  per  thousand  ;  ditto,  £4  18s.  per  week  ;  Pressmen,  £4  18s.  per  week,  FEMALE  SERVANT'S.  Thorough  servants,  per  annum  Housemaids,  do.  ..  Laundresses,  do.  Nursemaids,  do.  ..  Cooks,  do.  ..  ..  SEAMEN:  Z  £  30  25  30  to  35  20  to  25  30  to  35  To  London,  by  the  run,  £4O  to  £46;  American  coast,  do.  £4O,  or  £8  per  month  ;  East  or  West  Ladies,  do.  £4O  ;  China,  do.  £4O;  Colonial  ports,  do.  £6  ;  ditto,  monthly,  £8  to  £lO.  RATES  OF  EXCHANGE.—Bank  of  Australasia  and  Union  Bank  of  Australia,  Purchase  Bills,  on  London,  at  30  days'  sight,  par.;  for  every  additional  30  days,  4  per  cent.  discount.  ISSUE  DRAFTS.—  On  London,  at  30  days'  sight,  at  2  per  cent.  premium  ;  on  Sydney  and  Maitland,  at  sight,  1  per  cent.  premium,  BANK  OF  NEW  SOUTH  WALES.---ISSUE  DRA_FTS.---OH  London,  at  30  days'  sight,  at  2  per  cent.  premium.  BANK  OF  VICTORIA.—PURCHASE  BILLS.—On  London,  at  30  days'  sight,  par  ;  ditto,  on  bills  against  gold  dust,  14  per  cent.  discount  ;  for  every  additional  30  days,  f,  per  cent.  discount.  ISSUE  DnArrs.—On  London,  at  30  days'  sight,  at  2  per  cent.  premium.  LONDON  CHARTERED  BANK  OF  AUSTRALIA.—PURCHASE  BILLS.—On  London,  at  30  days'  sight,  par  ;  for  every  addi additional  tional additional  30  days,  s  per  cent.  discount.  ISSUE  DRAFTS.—On  London,  at  30  days'  sight,  2  per  cent.  premium.  -  .  RATES  OF  DISCOIafT.—On  bills  not  having  more  than  95  days  to  run,  6  per  cent.;  beyound  that  currency,  7  per  cent.  THE  AUSTRALIAN  SCREW  STEAMER.—  The  following  com complimentary  plimentary complimentary  letter  had  been  addressed  by  the  passengers  of  the  Osmanli  steamer  to  Captain  George  H.  Corbett,  com commander:—Sir,—We,  mander:—Sir,—We, commander:—Sir,—We,  the  undermentioned  passengers  by  your  vessel,  beg  leave  to  assure  you  of  the  entire  satisfaction  felt  by  one  and  all  of  us  during  the  passage  from  Sydney  to  this  place.  We  sum  up  by  saying,  nothing  was  wanting  to  make  us  comfortable,  and  no  reasonable  wish  denied  ;  and  wishing  you  every  success,  we  remain,  sir,  yours,  &amp;c.,  Thomas  Hunt  and  wife,  Mrs.  E.  Treveson,  Andrew  Rankin,  George  John Johnson,  son, Johnson,  Mrs.  Alford,  Mrs.  Sims,  W.  Stephens  and  wife,  Michael  Maloney,  Cornelius  Maloney,  Malacia  Maloney,  Alexander  Forbes,  James  Miller,  Mathew  O'Connell,  Thomas  Howson,  James  Law,  John  Hunt,  and  James  Hunt.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  4  LIVERPOOL  POLICg  COU.RT.  -  ESTERDAY,  A  man  named  dardner,  was  charged  by  officer  No.  476  with  having  drawn  a  knife  and  threatened  him  with  it,  in  St.  James's-;street,  When  the  officer  attempted  to  arrest  him  for  drunkenness.  it  he  prisoner  was  fined  ss.  and  costs.  SMUGGLING.—  William  Taylor,  fireman  on  board  the  Duchess  of  Kent  steamer;  was  fined  6s.  or  7  days'  im imprisonmeni  prisonmeni imprisonmeni  having  brought  ashore  a  pint  bottle  of  whiskey:  The  prosecution  was  instituted  on  the  part  of  the  customs  authorities,  to  put  an  end  to  an  impression  generally  prevalent  that  persons  are  at  liberty  to  bring  ashore  any  quantity  of  spirits  not  exceeding  a  pint.  Theodore  Dermeau  was  fined  11s.  or  7  days'  imprisonment  for  having  brought  ashore  11  lb.  of  foreign  manufactured  t'ibacco.  STABBING.  — STYLE=superscript  A  negro  named  Bdward  Gay  was  charged  by  a  woman  named  Ann  Gill  with  having  stabbed  her  in  the  face  with  a  knife.  The  woman's  face  was  all  bandaged,  and  appeared  to  have  received  some  severe  wounds.  She  stated  that  between  11  and  12  o'clock  on  Saturday  night  she  and  another  female  were  passing  the  corner  of  Queen-street,  when  the  prisoner  ran  at  her  and  stabbed  her  in  the  face  with  a  knife.  She  stated  that  she  had  not  any  acquaintance  with  him,  but  had  seen  him  before.  The  prisoner  was  re reminded,  minded, reminded,  in  order  that  the  evidence  of  the  surgeon  who  examined  the  wounds  might  be  produced.  William  Bird  and  John  White  were  charged  with  stealing  501bs.  of  copper  nails  out  of  the  lying  in  Bramley-  Moore  dock,  and  belonging  to  Messrs.  Stewart  and  Douglas.  The  prisoners  were  sent  for  trial.  A  SSAU  ST  UPON  THE  POLlCE.—lrilliam  Gilmour,  _Robert  Ruckstone,  Anne  Ruckstone,  Anne  Gilmour'and  two  men  named  Davis  and  Young,  were  charged  with  having  assaulted  the  police.  The  particulars  of  the  case  were  published  in  Monday's  paper.  A  person  named  James  Gilmour  having  been  charged  by  a  girl  named  Cotterhill,  with  an  indecent  assault.  The  police  officers  went  to  the  house  to  arrest  him  3  when  the  parties  mentioned  attacked  them.  Mr.  Owens  defended  Ruckstone.  The  two  women  and  William  Gilmour  were  discharged.  Ruckstone,  Davis,  and  Young  wero  fined  ss.  each  and  costs,  or  seven  days'  imprisonment.  INDECENT  ASSAULT.—James  Gilmour  was  then  placed  in  the  dock,  charged  with  having  indecently  assaulted,  and  also  beating,  the  girl  named  Cotterhill.  We  have  already  pub published  lished published  the  particulars  of  the  case,  which  were  nearly  recapitu recapitulated  lated recapitulated  in  the  evidence.  Mr.  Mansfield  said  it  was  a  most  dastardly  and.  brutal  anaault,  and  tho  oourt  CAW  no  roacon  why  they  should  not  go  to  the  full  length  which  the  statute  allowed.  The  prisoner  was  then  sentenced  to  pay  a  fine  of  £2O,  or  be  imprisoned  for  six  calendar  months,  and  kept  to  hard  labour.  ASSAULTING  AN  OFFICER.  —A  man  named  Edwards  was  fined  40s.  and  costs  for  assaulting  a  policeman  on  Saturday  night.  It  appeared  that  the  prisoner  was  obstructing  the  footway,  along  with  a  number  of  others,  and  annoying  the  passengers  with  oaths  and  foul  language,  and  when  the  officer  went  to  arrest  him  he  struck  and  knocked  him  down.  He  then  ran  away,  but  was  passed  by  the  officer,  who,  with  another,  succeeded  in  discovering  his  residence  and  arresting  him.  The  prisoner  stoutly  denied  that  he  was  the  person  who  committed  the  assault,  and  stated  that  he  had  been  more  than  an  hour  in  bed  at  home  when  the  officer  came  to  arrest  him.  He  did  not,  however,  produce  any  witnesses  in  sup support  port support  of  this  statement,  and  the  officers  distinctly  deposed  to  his  identity.  ROBBING  AN  EMPLOYER.—Thomas  Winstanley  was  placed  before  the  bench,  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  hone  and  2s.  6d.,  the  property  of  Mr.  Roberts.  A  police  officer  from  Preston,  (Peter  Topping),  stated  that  the  prisoner  gave  himself  into  his  custody,  saying  he  had  stolen  the  acticles.  The  owner  of  the  property  identified  the  hone.  The  prisoner  admitted  his  guilt,  and  was  committed  for  seven  days.  STEALING  Snots.  —.Pose  Stanley  was  charged  by  police  officer  22,  with  stealing  a  pair  of  carpet  shoes,  the  property  of  Charles  Holden,  114 STYLE=superscript  ,  Stanhope  - STYLE=superscript  street.  The  prisoner  went  into  the  shop  late  on  Saturday  night  to  look  at  a  pair  of  shoes,  put  on  a  pair,  and  walked  out  of  the  shop  ;  upon  being  followed  she  ran  away,  and  cast  the  shoes  into  the  street.--Fourteen.days'  imprisonment.  OBTAINING  GOODS  BY  FALSE  PRETENCES.—John  Scholes,  who  was  apparently  a  respectable  looking  person,  was  charged  with  obtainuag3so  fathoms  of  rope  from  Messrs.  Williams  and  Sharpe,  ship  chandlers,  Park-lane.  The  manager  of  the  establishment  stated  that  the  defen defendant  dant defendant  went  to  his  office,  and  represented  that  he  wanted  39  fathoms  of  3  inch  rope,  saying  that  he  was  the  contractor  for  building  the  reservoir  in  the  outskirts  of  the  town.  He  re requested  quested requested  to  have  his  address  taken  down,  which  he  said  was  108,  Gill-street,  and  that  his  name  was  Robertson.  The  rope  was  sent  to  that  address,  and  afterwards  the  defendant  gave  him  another  oroer,  which  he  also  executed;  but  he  afterwards  understood  that  the  rope  had  been  sold  to  a  store  broker  the  same  night  it  had  been  delivered.  Mr.  Clough  :  Yes,  for  almost  half  its  value.  Did  not  the  defendant  represent  to  you  that  he  was  the  contractor  of  the  corporation  reservoir  ?  Witness  :  He  did.  •  Mr.  Clough  :  If  he  had  not  done  so  would  you  let  ;  him  have  bad  the  rope  -  Witness  :  Certainly  not.  .  _  A  marine  store-dealer,  named  Murray,  living  in  Liver Liverstreet,  street, Liverstreet,  stated  that'  he  purchased  the  rope  of  the  defendant,  who  was  introduced  to  him  as  a  respectable  person.  He  inquired  of  the  person  who  brought  him,  but  did  not  go  to  his  house.  He  thought  by  his  appearance  he  was  a  respect respectable  able respectable  man.  Mr.  Clough  :  What  did  you  give  for  the  rope  ?  Witness  :  Eleven  pounds.  Mr.  Clough  :  What  do  you  think  is  the  value  of  it  ?  Witness  :  I  do  not  know  much  about  the  value  of  the  rope  '  as  it  was  new,  but  I  should  say  it  wa  s  wo  r  th  ab  ou  t  £l5.  Magistrate:  You,  as  a  man  who  deals  in  ropes,  and  a  rope-maker,  ought  to  know  the  value  of  it.  If  I  wanted  evidence  of  the  value  of  ropes  I  should  go  to  a  rope ropemaker.  maker. ropemaker.  Mr.  Clough  :  I  shall  apply  for  a  general  remand,  trusting  to  finding  out  the  other  person.  The  Magistrate  :  There  is  sufficient  evidence  for  us  to  grant  a  remand.  Mr.  Clough  :  You  must  give  up  the  rope.  The  Witness  :  You  will  give  me  an  indemnity  ?  Magistrate  :  You  must  give  up  the  rope.  I  will  have  the  rope  delivered  up.  The  prisoner  was  then  remanded,  to  afford  the  detective  officer  who  had  the  case  in  hand,  an  opportunity  of  com completing  pleting completing  the  evidence  in  the  present  case,  and  also  others,  in  which  it  is  suspected  he  has  been  concerned  ;  as  latterly  se several  veral several  merchants  have  been  similarly  swindled  out  of  their  property.  The  prisoner  has  already  been  convicted,  and  sentenced  to  ten  years'  transportation.  ALLEGED  ROBBERY  BY  A  PROSTITUTE.—Margaret  Shelling  was  charged  with  robbing  a  person  named  James  Garvin  of  eight  sovereigns  and  some  silver.  The  prose prosecutor's  cutor's prosecutor's  account  of  the  affair  was,  that  he  had  met  with  the  prisoner  in  the  locality  of  Tarleton-street,  and  treated  her  with  a  glass  of  whiskey.  That  he  afterwards  accompanied  her  to  a  house,  where  he  saw  her  put  some  drug  into  his  drink;  and  subsequently  she  put  her  hands  into  his  pocket  and  took  the  money.  At  the  time  she  put  something  into  his  drink,  he  was  perfectly  sensible  •  but  he  was  then  turned  into  the  street,  when  he  became  almost  stupid.  He  positively  swore  that  he  distinctly  felt  the  girl's  hand  in  his  pocket,  and  also  that  he  saw  the  money  in  her  hand.  The  prisoner,  rather  a  good-looking  female,  denied  all  knowledge  of  the  robbery.  She  was  walking  out  with  a  female  friend,  when  they  met  the  prosecutor,  was  blind  and  he  said,  Well,  Peggy,  is  that  you  but  he  did  not  know  her  from  the  other  girl.  They  all  went  into  a  public-house,  and  she  and  her  friend  had  a  g  l  a  s  s  o  f  w  i  ne  ,  but  she  would  not  allow  the  complainant  to  have  more  than  a  bottle  of  ginger-beer  because  he  was  drunk.  While  in  the  house  he  gave  her  a  sovereign  to  pay  the  round  with,  and  the  landlady  gave  him  19s.  out.  Me  penca  cue  money  out  of  his  pocket—v.oK  iii,  01,  dad  copper—and  she  begged  of  him  to  taice  care  of  it.  She  left  the  house,  and  had  never  seen  him  since.  The  police-officer  who  received  the  information,  stated,  the  day  after  the  robbery  the  complain complainant  ant complainant  was  in  a  state  of  intoxication.  The  case  was  remanded  for  the  girl  to  produce  evidence  to  exculpate  her  from  the  charge.  COMMITTAL  OF  A  WHOLE  FAMILY.  —  An  elderly  woman,  named  Margaret  Dee,  and  two  of  her  daughters,  Margaret  .Browne,  (who  had  a  child  at  her  breast),  Mary  Dee,  and  Catherine  Holmes,  were  charged  with  stealing  £22  10s.,  the  property  of  John  Howell,  46,  Clayton-street.  Scott,  of  the  detective  force,  stated  that  he  received  information  of  the  robbery,  and  suspicion  falling  on  the  prisoners,  he  traced  them  to  a  lane  in  Norman-street,  off  Gloucester  -  street,  and  upon  searching,  he  found  a  purse  containing  £l7  10s.  ;  the  old  woman  went  to  a  corner  of  the  room,  and  he  followed  her,  and  there  found  two  half  sovereigns,  which,  with  a  number  of  things  they  had  redeemed  from  the  pawnbroker's,  made  up  the  amount  stolen.  Mrs.  Howell  stated  the  prisoners  all  lodged  in  her  house,—they  were  shoe-binders,  but  so  badly  off  they  could  not  pay  the  rent.  On  the  evening  of  the  robbery  the  old  lady  had  asked  her  to  go  into  her  room,  and  supposing  it  to  be  about  the  rent,  and  there  being  a  bottle  on  the  table  she  took  a  glass  of  either  whiskey  or  gin  and  sat  down  for  a  short  time.  When  she  got  up  to  go  she  found  the  door  was  locked,  but  the  elder  prisoner  said  she  always  had  to  lock  the  door,  because  the  latch  was  broken.  She  heard  a  deal  of  whisper whispering,  ing, whispering,  and  upon  going  into  her  parlour  she  locked  the  door,  and  after  hearing  all  the  prisoners,  as  she  thought,  leave  the  house,  as  they  were  in  arrear  of  rent,  she  went  to  her  cash  box,  when  she  found  that  it  had  been  broken  open  and  all  the  money,  with  the  exception  of  10s.,  taken.  She  gave  the  alarm  and  a  neighbour  came  to  her  assistance.  This  female  went  with  the  officer  in  pursuit  of  them,  and  after  corrobo corroborating  rating corroborating  the  officer's  statement  as  to  finding  the  money,  spoke  to  hearing  the  elder  prisoner  confess  to  having  had  the  money,  and  that  she  hael  redeemed  the  goods  with  it,  which  goods  she  afterwards  agreed  to  re-pledge,  if  the  prosecutrix  would  forgive  her.  The  female  Holmes  was  discharged,  the  evidence  being  insufficient  to  connect  her  with  the  robbery,  and  the  other  three  prisoners  were  committed  to  take  their  trial  at  the  ensuing  sessions.  THE  GREAT  COTTON  ROBBERY.  —Nancy  _Handley  was  brought  before  the  bench,  by  detective  officer  Carlisle,  on  a  charge  of  being  connected  with  the  other  persons,  now  in  custody,  on  the  charge  of  embezzling  wool,  by  forged  or order.  der. order.  The  officer  state  the  husband  of  the  prisoner  was  in  Lancaster  gaol,  but  would  be  brought  before  the  magistrates,  and  that  the  woman  had  admitted  to  him  the  part  she  took  LA  the  transaction.  The  prisoner  was  therefore  remanded.  STEALING  FROM  THE  SHOP.—An  old  man,  who  gave  his  name,  Thomas  Caeneir,  was  committed  for  two  months,  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  piece  of  cloth  from  the  shop  of  Mr.  J.  Rogers,  141,  James's-street.  SUSPICIOUS  CIRCUMSTANCES.—.Tohn  Begley  was  charged  with  being  on  board  a  Spanish  vessel,  for  the  purpose  of  committing  a  felony.  The  prisoner  was  ,  - STYLE=superscript  detected  in  the  cabin,  and  not  being  able  to  give  a  satisfactory  account  of  himself  and  having  been  previously  before  the  bench,  he  was  committed  for  three  months'  imprisonment.  THE  EFFECTS  or  A  BAI3  CHARACTER.  —  William  Thomp Thompson,  son, Thompson,  alias  Barking  was  early  this  morning  appre apprehended  hended apprehended  in  St.  Anne-street;  for  not  being  able  to  give  satis satisfactory  factory satisfactory  account  of  himself.  The  Magistrate  :  Has  he  been  here  before  ?  The  Clerk  ;  Yes,  but  it  is  sit  years  ago.  A  Detective  :  He  is  the  leader  of  a  notorious  gang  of  thieves.  This  is  the  second  time  he  has  been  here  for  prowling  about  St.  Anne-street.  The  Clerk  :  but  he  was  discharged,  from  which  it  may  be  inferred  that  he  had  not  committed  any  ofience.  The  Magistrate  :  There  must  be  more  evidence  before  me  to  justify  my  committing  him:  Detective  :  I  know  him  to  be  the  associate  of  thieves.  Defendant  denied  that  he  had  been  in  bad  company,  and  stated  the  police  had  a  spite  against  hith  Magistrate  :  What  offence  has  he  committed  Several  Detectives  simultaneously  :  I  know  him  to  be  the  associate  of  thieves.  _  _  The  Clerk  :  But  that  is  no  offence.  He  has  not  been  here  since  1848,  when  he  was  tried  and  acqUitted:  Mr.  Clough  :  I  know  that  he  is  always  among  thieves.  Magistrate  :  But  that  is  not  such  an  offence  as  will  jus justify  tify justify  me  in  sending  him  to  prison.  Mr.  Clough  He  is  the  most  notorious  vagabond  in  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  and  has  been  so  for  the  last  20  years.  He  is  so  deep  that  we  can  never  get  any  legal  evidence  against  him.  Magistrate  :  Surely  if  he  was  so  bad  we  should  halt()  had  him  here  before  now.  The  prisoner  denied  the  statements  of  the  officers,  and,  there  being  no  tangible  evidence,  the  prisoner  was  dis discharged,  charged, discharged,  ROBBERIES  n  PEosTrroms.—Several  charges  were  pre preferred  ferred preferred  against  prostitutes  in  various  parts  of  the  town,  for  robbing  parties  ;  but  in  all  the  cases  it  appeared  that  the  parties  had  been  drunk,  and  could  not  give  a  satisfactory  account  of  themselves  or  their  property,  and  the  parties  charged  were  therefore  dismissed.  SMVOGLEIG.  —Edmund  Howard,  a  seaman,  was  ordered  to  pay  a  fine  of  10s;  for  smuggling  tobacco,  which  was  found  by  the  custom-house  officer  concealed  in  his  chest.  THE  POLICE  OFFICERS  AT  VAtiLT.—This  case;  Which  carne  before  the  bench  of  magistrates  on  Saturday-411mi  the  two  parties  charged  with  assaulting  the  officer,  were  discharged,  and  directed  to  appear  this  day—again  came  on  for  hearing,  when  the  police-officers,  Wilson  (458)  and  Nelson  (518)  appeared  to  answer  the  Charge  preferred  against  them—the  former  with  being  drunk  on  duty,  and  the  latter  withrefusing  to  take  a  charge  when  desired  so  to  do.  Mr.  Owen  appeared  to  watch  the  case  for  the  accused.  _  _  _  The  magistrates'  clerk  briefly  detailed  the  facts  of  the  case—which  were  that  pelicc=officer  Wilson  had  charged  Mr.  Duffy  with:  assaulting  him  on  Vriday  night,  and  Mr.  Moss  with  attempting  to  rescue  Mr.  Duffy  from  his  custody.  Upon  the  case  being  heard,  evidence  was  adduced  to  show  that  at  the  time  Wilson  was  in  a  state  of  drunkenness,  and  assaulted  the  accused  parties,  instead  of  their  having  assaulted  him.  With  this  evidence  before  them  the  magistrates  had  decided  that  a  full  investigation  should  be  made  into  the  case.  Thomas  Duffy  stated—l  am  a  butcher,  and  reside  at  No.  52,  Islington;  on  Friday  last,  about  ten  o'clock,  the  two  policemen,  Wilson  and  Nelson,  came  to  my  shop  door;  they  were  both  together  ;  they  asked  me  if  I  Would  go  and  take  a  glass  with  them  ;  I  did  do  so,  and  we  went  to  a  public.  house  and  had  three  glasses  of  whiskey  punch  ;  the  policeman  Wilson  paid  for  it  ;  I  remained  there  about  ten  minutes,  and  then  went  out  ;  I  went  and  shut  my  shop  up  ;  they  both  came  to  my  shop  again,  and  pressed  nie  to  go  and  partake  of  another  glass  with  them  ;  that  was  a  little  after  ten  o'clock  ;  I  went  with  them  to  the  public-house;  we  had  each  three  glasses  of  punch,  and  stopped  in  the  house  until  nearly  twelve  o'clock  ;  I  and  Wilson  had  some  little  dispute  about  religion  ;  I  told  him  he  was  a  fool  to  talk  about  religion  ;  they  all  left  that  house,  and  went  to  another  at  the  corner  of  Finch-street;  then  Wilson  had  a  glass  of  whiskey,  and  I  and  Nelson  had  a  glass  of  wine  ;  that  was  not  paid  for  by  any  of  us  ;  the  officers  were  both  in  uniform  ;  Nelson  went  away  as  soon  as  he  had  drank  his  glass,  to  his  duty,  and  left  me  and  Wilson  together.  This  was  about  20  minutes  after  twelve.  I  and  'Wilson  left  also.  Wilson  said  when  we  got  to  the  corner,  come  down  (into  a  cellar  brothel)  but  I  resisted  and  told  him  I  would  not  go  with  him.  The  reason  I  did  not  go  with  him  was  because  I  had  a  deal  of  money  about  my  person.  When  he  found  I  would  not  go  into  the  brothel  with  him,  he  took  me  by  the  body  and  threw  me  into  the  street,  This  he  repeated  three  times.  When  I  got  up  I  went  to  look  for  Nelson  for  the  purpose  of  giving  him  in  charge.  I  met  Nelson  and  told  him  what  had  happened,  and  we  went  back  to  Wilson.  We  met  Wilson  with  some  other  men.  I  did  not  at  first  recognise  who  it  was.  It  was  Mr.  Moss.  I  heard  Moss  tell  Nelson  to  take  Wilson  in  charge  for  striking  him.  Nelson  took  hold  of  Wilson  but  let  hint  go  again,  I  could  not  say  why  he  did  do  so.  They  let  him  go  again  before  he  got  to  the  bridewell.  They  all  went  to  the  bridewell  at  Rose-hill.  When  we  all  got  into  the  bridewell,  Wilson  charged  Moss  and  myself  with  assaulting  him,  The  bride bridewell  well bridewell  keeper  (Tomlinson)  would  not  allow  me  to  speak  or  explain  the  case  and  I  was  locked  up,  and  he  would  not  permit  me  to  be  bailed  out.  The  Clerk  :  Pray  what  state  was  the  policeman  Wilson  in,  when  this  took  place  ?  Witness  :  Drunk—very  drunk.  The  Clerk  :  And  Nelson  ?  Witness  :  lle  was  not  sober,  but  was  capable  of  taking  care  of  himself.  Cross-examined  by  Mr.  Owen  :  I  did  not  see  Moss  in  the  public  house.  It  was  a  brothel  in  Finch-street  that  Wilson  asked  me  to  go  to.  I  was  about  30  or  40  yards  from  the  brothel  when  he  first  threw  me  down.  I  did  not  knock  Wilson  down.  Peter  Moss  stated  :  I  am  the  inspector  of  the  rails  to  the  London  and  North  Western  railway  company;  I  was  in  Finch-street  on  Friday  night;  I  saw  the  police  officer  Wilson  coming  down  the  street  without  his  hat,  and  waving  his  stick  over  his  head,  saying  he  would  fight  any  twelve  stone  man  in  Liverpool;  I  saw  one  of  m  men  fall  down;  I  do  not  know  what  caused  him  to  fall  ;  (the  witness  pointed  out  the  person)  ;  Wilson  came  up  to  me  and  dealt  me  a  blow  on  the  head  with  his  stick  ;  I  called  out  for  the  police  ;  Nelson  came  up,  and  I  gave  Wilson  in  charge  for  striking  me  ;  I  did  not  speak  a  word  to  him  before  he  struck  me  ;  Nelson  caught  hold  of  ;  Wilson  swore  that  if  he  (Nelson)  did  not  leave  hold  of  him  he  would  knock  him  down  ;  Wilson  said  he  would  go  gaily  alone  ;  I  charged  Nelson  not  to  let  Wilson  go  ;  they  were  going  gaily,  when  Wilson  slipped  away  from  the  two  officers,  caught  hold  of  one  of  my  men,  and  threw  him  down;  I  again  charged  Nelson  to  take  care  of  Wilson;  they  then  took  him  in  cus custody  tody custody  to  the  bridewell  door  ;  when  I  got  in  Wilson  charged  me  ;  I  was  not  allowed  to  speak  ;  the  bridewell-keeper  would  not  permit  me  to  speak;  I  told  him  the  case  just  as  I  have  told  you,  gentlemen  ;  I  was  as  sober  at  that  time  as  I  am  now,  as  I  have  not  drank  anything  for  the  last  six  months.  This  witness  was  examined  by  Mr.  Owen,  but  no  mate material  rial material  point  iu  the  evidence  was  shaken.  His  evidence  as  to  the  quantity  drank,  Wilson's  state  and  his  violence,  was  corro corroborated  borated corroborated  by  several  witnesses.  Inspector  Bullock  stated  :  The  two  ofnc.c.,  Wilson  and  Nelson,  belong  to  my  sectin..  when  I  saw  them  in  St.  Anne-street.  Nol.,eu  Aad  hold  of  Wilson.  I  had  seen  them  luty  that  evening  in  Islington.  It  was  about  twenty  minutes  past  one  when  I  saw  them.  Wilson  said  he  should  not  go  any  further  without  Moss,  who,  he  said,  was  his  prisoner,  as  he  had  assaulted  him  in  Finch-street.  Wilson  was  all  over  mud.  I  endeavoured  to  ascertain  what  had  occurred,  but  could  not  get  an  answer.  I  was  not  told  that  Wilson  had  committed  an  assault.  I  went  with  them  to  the  bridewell.  I  kept  my  eye  upon  Moss.  When  they  were  in  the  bridewell,  Wilson  said  he  had  been  knocked  down  by  Mnss,  and  that  Duffy  had  also  knocked  him  down.  Wilson  was  much  agitta.a.  Ha  was  sober  at  that  time.  M.  Owen  briefly  addressed  the  bona,  nn  behalf  of  his  clients,  and  called  Inspector  Grace,  who  stated  he  saw  the  parties  at  the  bridewell.  Wilson  stated  he  had  been  assaulted  by  Moss,  and  afterwards  by  Duffy  ;  neither  Duffy  nor  Moss  made  any  observation.  By  the  Clerk  :  Wilson  was  perfectly  sober.  I  did  not  hear  anything  else  that  took  place,  I  went  on  with  my  work.  The  Magistrate  :  Was  there  anything  else  took  place  ?  Witness  :  I  heard  Duffy  say  something  about  a  brothel  and  prostitutes.  I  did  not  notice  whether  Duffy  made  any  charge  against  the  officer.  The  Magistrate  :  It  is  strange  that  you  should  only  recol recollect  lect recollect  one  side  of  the  question.  ,  The  keeper  of  the  bridewell  corroborated  the  testimony  of  Grace.  Mr.  Really  was  examined,  and  said  the  police  were  in  uniform,  and  on  duty  when  in  the  house.  They  drank  whiskey.  The  Magistrates,  after  a  short  consultation  said,  address addressing  ing addressing  the  defendants  :  You  are  suspended  for  a  time.  There  is  conflicting  testimony  in  some  parts  of  the  evidence,  but  your  conduct  was  highly  improper.  It  is  clear  you  were  in  three  places  drinking  while  you  ought  to  have  been  attending  to  your  duty,  You  are  each  suspended.  This  case  excited  a  considerable  amount  of  interest.  The  magistrates  on  the  bench  were,  Mr.  Mansfield,  Mr.  Earle,  and  Mr.  Benn."
