text
"RIO  JANEIRO,  Sept  13.—The  Earl  of  Mulgrave,  bound  to  London,  which  sailed  hence  Aug.  15.  put  back,  Sept.  6,  having  struck  on  the  Abrolhos,  but  without  apparent  da damage.  mage. damage.  It  is  said  she  will  discharge  to  be  examined.  PERNAMBUCO,  Sept.  20th.—The  Hannah  Brigantine,  late  Mackay,  master,  from  Bahia  to  the  Channel,  arrived  off  this  port  for  orders,  leaky,  with  her  master,  mate,  and  one  man  dead  from  yellow  fever.  The  vessel  after  performing  quar quarantine  antine quarantine  was  pronounced  unfit  to  proceed  without  caulking  topoitlea.  lam  is  as  sliachai  gm.%  Part  of  her  cargo.  BAHIA  Sept.  19.—The  Wm.  Gibson,  Miller,  from  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  to  Bombay,  put  in  here,  Aug.  22,  very  leaky.  She  has  been  surveyed  and  discharged,  and  will  probably  have  to  be  hove  down  and  coppered.  BOMBAY,  Sep.  12th.—The  Marion  after  having  completed  her  loading  for  Liverpool,  sprung  a  leak,  which  still  con continues,  tinues, continues,  although  her  cargo  has  been  discharged,  she  will  have  to  enter  dock  and  be  stripped  and  coppered,  and  have  all  her  fastenings  examined.  The  iron  ship  Swarthmore  has  several  rivets  which  will  require  renovoting,  she  made  water  in  the  after  compartment,  where  the  rivets  are  bad;  but  after  the  repairs  now  making  are  complete,  she  well  be  a  good  risk.  BATAVIA,  August  oth.—The  Nina,  from  Bristol  for  Mel Melbourne,  bourne, Melbourne,  was  fallen  in  with,  off  St.  Paul's,  abandoned  by  the  Spirit  of  the  North,  arrived  at  Anjer,  which  put  her  2nd  Officer  and  5  men  on  board  to  bring  her  to  Batavia.  Aug.  22nd,  the  Anjer  list  of  this  morning  reports,  the  Nina  pas passing  sing passing  on  the  20th.  LIVERPOOL.—SUNDAY,  ocr.  16.  Wind  at  Holyhead.—West,  fresh  breeze.  Ditto  Liverpool.—W.  N.  W.,  fresh  breeze,  High  Water.---:Morn.  11.38  ;  Even.  11.  54;  Ht.  17ft.  1  in.  OFF  THE  PORT,  Inward  Bound.—Triton,  from  Africa  ;  Underwriter,  ship,  New  York  ;  Elizabeth  Bentley,  ship  ;  America,  ship;  Sumo°,  ship;  Secundina,.  brig;  St.  John,  ship  ;  Glen  Helen,  ship.  OFF  HOLYHEAD,  at  4.  30.  p.m.,  Inward  Bound.—West  Point,  ship  ;  Reward,  brig  ;  Mersey,  schooner  ;  Phcenix,  ship.  Baltic,  (s.)  Comstock,  hence  at  New  York,  3rd  Oct.  Pottinger,  (s.)  sailed  from  Shanghai  for  Liverpool.  Menzies,  hence  at  Anjer,  Bth  Aug.  ;  Sorato,  hence  for  Hong  Aug.;  Kong,  16th  •  and  Patna,  Canton,  17th  Aug.  Emigrant,  hence  at  Caldera.  Winifred,  hence  at  Rio  Janeiro,  for  Callao,  with  damage.  Dyson  and  William  Rushton,  hence  ;  and  Brazeleira,  (s.s.)  hence,  and  proceeded  to  Rio,  all  at  Bahia,  16th  Sep.  Oxenbridge,  Taylor  ;  Shanghai,  Gray  ;  and  John  and  Albert  Wilson,  all  hence  at  Philadelphia.  Sarah,  Webster,  hence  at  New.  York  in  35  days.  Emulagione,  Belle,  Robins,  and  Mad.  del  heron,  Con Consiglio,  siglio, Consiglio,  all  hence  at  Trieste.  •  '  Margaret,  Faruggia,  Minerva,  Magnobbi,  Arabian,  (  s.s.)  Graves,  all  hence  at  Malta.  Lizzie  Howard,  Laurence,  hence  at  Baltimore,  Oct.  2nd.  Elizabeth  Bruce,  Brown,  sailed  from  New  Orleans  for  Liverpool,  September  24th.  _  _  Mary  and  Adeline,  Morse,  sailed  from  St.  George,  N..p.  Sept.  17th,  Liverpool.  -  •  Yorkshire.  Oroung,  Oct.  2nd.  '  •  and  Siddons,  Taylor,  Oct.  3rd,  both  sailed  from  New  York  for  Liverpool.  City  of  Glasgow,  (s.s.)  Wylie;  Oxenbridge,  Taylor;  Shanghae,  Gray;  and  john  and  Albert,  Wilson,  all  hence  at  Philadelphia,  Oct.  2nd.  CLYDE  SHIPPING.—Ocr.  15,  Secret  Wills,  from  Malaga,  at  Glasgow.  Anna  Robertson,  from  Port  Rico  at  Greenock  William,  Stephens,  from  Alexandria,  at  Glasgow.  SAILED,  Oct.  14.—Georgiana,  Tatem,  for  New  York  ;  Juliet,  Mclntyre,  for  Sydney;  Dromahain,  Pyne  for  Boston,  U.S."
