text
"YESTERDAY'S  MARKETS  LONDON  PRO  DUCE.—Sugar  :  The  sales  so  far  have  gone  very  languidly,  and  the  tone  of  the  market  is  decidedly  fiat.  Coffee  :  Plantation  Ceylon  has  sold  steadily  at  about  previous  rates;  native  Ceylon  sold  at  hl  s  6d.  Tea  :  Without  change  ;  common  congou  Sid  ;  quite  nominal.  Rice  :  Good  middling  Bengal  sold  at  public  sales  14s,  damaged  at  13s  to  I3s  6d.  -  LONDON  CORN.Wheat  :  Arrivals  sum  up  nearly  15,000  qrs.,  being  chiefly  American.  Trade  very  dull  ;  scarcely  a  sale  made.  Barley  :  No  fresh  foreign,  but  market  in  favour  of  the  buyer.  Oats:  Good  supply  of  Irish,  and  market  very  flat.  Price  pointing  down.  Flour  :  Arrivals  9,200  brls.  foreign,  and  some  sacks.  Trade  flat.  SALFORD  CATTLE.—There  being  a  smaller  than  last  week  prices  remained  firm.  A  good  clearance  made.  Best  beef,  6d  to  Id  ;  middling,  bid  to  6d  ;  cows,  4id  to  50;  best  wethers,  6,1  to  7d  ;  heavy  weights,  6d  to  6i  d;  Ewes,  5d  to  6d  ;  calves,  5d  to  7d.  Beasts,  1278;  sheep,  7111  ;  calves,  104.  GLASGOW  CORN.—At  this  day's  market  business  was  very  restricted,  and  a  further  reduction  took  place  on  wheat  of  Is  per  2401b5.  Flour  receded  is  to  2s  per  sack,  and  is  per  barrel.  Barley  has  been  sold  in  one  or  two  instances  Is  per  3201bs  lower.  Oats  are  almost  unsaleable;  therefore,  quotations  are  nominal.  Oatmeal  can  only  be  moved  in  retail  at  fully  is  per  load  less.  CORK  PROVISION.—n  hlte  wheat,  38s;  rya  do.  365  , STYLE=superscript  barley,  2is  3d;  oats.  16s  3d  ;  pork,  425.  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE  LIVERPOOL,  JANUARY  31  WIND  .  YESTERDAY—North  HIGH  WATER—Morn.,  5  5  —Eveg.  5  36—Height,  11  f  OFF  THE  PORT  AND  INWARD  BOUND.  Tiber  (s.s.),  Nicholas'  Biddle,  Brazilian,  and  Sir  Edward.  ARRIVED  Jan.  30.—Express,  Halifax  —Ebro  (s.s.),  Barcelona—Albanian  (s.s.),  Palermo.  SAILED.  Jan.  V.—Essex,  Trieste—Morwenna,  and  Uncle  John,  both  for  Havre  Curraghmore,  Constantinople—Arab,  Bordeaux—  ecru  , STYLE=superscript  Nantes—Pedlar,  St.  Thomas.  Jan.  30.—Princess  Royal,  and  Jai  .  ie  Pratt,  both  for  Calcutta—Courier.  Rio  Jane;ro—Greenock,  111,  btle  —St.  Croix,  Barbadoes—Emma,  Sagittarius,  and  Eurydice,  Beirut  ,- STYLE=superscript  Snowdon.  Trieste—Annandale,  Melbourne—Hercyna,  Calcutta  -- STYLE=superscript  aßniedhloorldo,CHob,alveann,aP—hißl:diteislph  Qhla.—eAenffi  (i.s  nes,.  )  7  C  e  o  st  n  —  st  G  an  e  t  r  i  a  n  l  o  d  p  in  l  e  e.  ,Valparais  o STYLE=superscript  —Ve'o  , STYLE=superscript  ,  and  Dionysia,  Corunna—Fe  nn  i  c  ,  Port  au  Prince  —Joaclu&#34;''  0  UTPO  RTS.  Greenock,  Jan,  29.—Salled—Harkaway,  Charleston—City  of STYLE=superscript  Tanfore,  Calcutta—Greenock,  Sydney—Robert  Leonard,  'Boston&#34;'  Louise,  and  Napenthe,  Demerara—Wanderer,  St.  Jago  de  Cuba  Dublin,  Jan.  30.—Arrived—Harnett,  Quebec—Ondlne  and  Shan  v STYLE=superscript  rock,  London.  Queenstown,  Jan.  3 STYLE=superscript  0.—Arrived—Deyonian,  Mowbray.  MARITIME  EXTRACTS.  Liverpool,  Jan.  29.  —The  Ihelum,  arrived  to-day-from.  Islay,  11 STYLE=superscript  1  experienced  very  severe  weather  for  the  last  fortnight,  with  the  ,  from  N.  N.W.  to  S.W.,  accompa  n  i  e  d  w  i  t  h  th  un  d  er  ;  an  d  l  i  g  h  tn  ing;  shipped  great  quantities  of  water  on  d  e  ck.—The  Eli  za  b  e  th,  arrivr  here  yesterday,  from  Jamaica,  encountered  a  hurricane  In  lat.  41  lon.  37  W.,  Jan.  6;  lay  to  under  close  reefed  topsail,  and  lost  main'  yard,  In  tintopsail,  galley,  &amp;e.  •  bad  very  bad  weather4since.-1  14 STYLE=superscript  :  Criterion,  arrived  here  yesterday  from  New  York.  encountered  hurricane  from  N.N.W.,  in  lat.  43,  lon.  43,  Jan.  5;  wa‘  struck  by  sea  which  ,  stove  the  long  boat,  washed  away  the  wheel,  bulwark''  static  heons.  &amp;c.,  and  two  men  overboard,  who  werea  fterwards  save  She  has  experienced  very  heavy  weather  since  Dec.  25.  Holyhead,  Jan.l9.—The  Mary,  of  Cork,  Vale,  from  SouthamPt  ° STYLE=superscript  4  to  Liverpool,  with  iron,  ran  on  the  bre  a  kw  a  te  r  a  nd  fill  s  w  ith  tide.  Crew  saved.—  [dem.:  The  Semaphore  was  working  throug  h STYLE=superscript  '  out  yesterday,  yet  did  not  report  this  casualty.]  Constantinople,  Jan.  17.—Eight  vessels  are  reported  as  having  gl  aground  or  been  wrecked,  in  the  Sea  of  Marmora,  in  the  la  .e  g  al STYLE=superscript  and  snow  storm  ••••••••  ••  Kamiesh,  Jan.  11.—There  has  been  great  destruction  amongst  t  he STYLE=superscript  shipping  here,  and  many  wrecks  are  lying  about  the  place.  Queenstown.  Jan.  30.—Parana.  Plomer,  from  Liverpool  for  -  itse STYLE=superscript  0  paraiso,  rigging.  &amp;c.,  out  of  order.—William  Thomas,  Pelfry,  tr°  Newfoundland  for  Pernambuco,  lost  foretopniast,  sprung  fore  lo-„ STYLE=superscript  st  0  and  mainmast  head,  an  d  l  ea  ky.—Ed  wa  rd  E  verett,  Baltimore  ,  10  foremast.  FOREIGN  PORTS.  Dalemain  and  Moira—both  hence  at  Valparaiso.  Ilos,  hence  at  Demerara.  Marietta  cleared  at  Demerara  for  Liverpool,  Jan.  4.  Margrietta  sailed  from  Surinam  for  Liverpool,  Dec.  22.  Albion,  hence  at  Trinidad.  Jenny,  hence  at  Barbadoes.  Streonrshal,  hence  at  Port  au  Prince.  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  and  Wilton  —both  hence  at  Jamaica.  Arno  (s.s.),  hence  at  Genoa.  C  ntra  (s.s.),  henee  at  Lisbon.  Spartan  l(s.s.),  from  Constantinople  at  Smyrna,  and  sail  e  d  f  or STYLE=superscript  Alexandria.  Charity  (s.s.),  from  Gibralt  ar  a  t  M  a  lt  a,  and  proceeded  to  tl  l9 STYLE=superscript  Dardanelles.  Mitcham  c  from  Balaklava  at  Malta,  and  left  for  D  ep  tfol:L  i STYLE=superscript  c  i,  Fglinton(,  , STYLE=superscript  ~ STYLE=superscript  ),from  Constantinople  at  M  a  lt  a  ,  an  d  l  e  ft  for  EngL.cvo  Bahiana  m.)  sailed  from  Malta,  J  a  n.  16,  f  or  G  enoa;  (5...),  Jan.  16,  for  Constantinople.  Mary  sailed  from  Missolonghi  for  Liverpool  Dec.  31.  Eugene  Julie,  hence  at  Paimboeuf.  Propontis,  Barnes,  hence  at  Constantinople.  Maria  Jacoba,  from  Manilla  at  Batavia,  for  Falmouth.  Voyager,  Crowell,  hence  at  St.  p  J  he  a  eh  g  cn  o  e.  de  Cuba.  Leopoldina,  hence  at  Santander.  h  War  Eagle,  hence  at  Bombay.  A  a  r  y  g  i  pa  o  :  n  re  a  iro  u  a  a  s  ana  and  d  e  T  d  rtarnoms  Inconstant—bothoßrot  _m  Bombay  2  3 STYLE=superscript  '  d STYLE=superscript  both  for  Liverpool.  hence  at  atca  naldcEu  Veratl  t  ac  D  .r  o  u  r  z  a  .  d  o  Dec.  Etna,  hence  at  Havre.  H  Wilton,  hence  at  Rio  Bueno,  BIRTH  old'  On  the  30th  instant,  the  wife  or  Mr.  Richard  Washington,  hall-street,  of  a  son.  ker  Births,  Marriages,  and  Deaths,  are  only  inserted  when  'le  nt STYLE=superscript  our  Office  duly  authenticated.  •  THE  ALLEGED  POIAONING  CASES  AT  MANCHEsTpIt•  r  ev  body  of  the  deceased  John  Manah  an,  h  av  i  ng  been  discovetbe  in  St.  Wilfred's  burying  ground,  on  Monday  afternoon  , STYLE=superscript  I  ,,  t  i  city  coroner,  Mr.  Hertford,  o  n  T  uesday  morning  proceeto,  to  open  the  inquest  upon  it,  before  a  respectable  jury.  0  41  Fernley,  barrister,  in  s  t  ructe  d  b  y  the  Messrs.  Ma  010  nn,  ,  1  3 STYLE=superscript  or  for  the  prisoner,  J  ames  Monahan,  and  Mr.  r  o'  the  prosecution.  Af  ter  the  jury  had  been  sworn,  theY  ceeded  to  view  the  body,  which  was  identified  by STYLE=superscript  tW  O STYLE=superscript  tr  i  nesses,  the  u  n  d  ertaker,  who  buried  it,  and  his  wife,in  this  stage  of  t  h  e  proceedings  the  inquest  was  adjournee  n  Wednesday,  the  6111  February,  to  allow  time  for  Mr.  -'-'•  j  e  to  make  an  analysis  of  the  stomach  o  f  th  e  d  ece  ased•  f  ire  Fernley  applied  that  a  medical  man,  on  the  part  ° STYLE=superscript  eF  e  o STYLE=superscript  accused,  James  Monahan,  might  be  permitt  e  d  to  be  P  r STYLE=superscript  ;0  1 STYLE=superscript  .:  3 STYLE=superscript  at  the  analy  s  is.  The  coroner  said  he  had  no  power  N  o  - STYLE=superscript  biev  any  order  of  that  kind,  but  he  had  no  doubt  that  no  iit  v.f•  t STYLE=superscript  '  tion  would  be  by  th  e  p  rosecu  ti  on  to  Mr.  Fernley's  ,  ,  r STYLE=superscript  ;  I:b0  .1 STYLE=superscript  '  —The  adjourned  inque  s  t  on  t  h  e  b  o  di  es  of  the  two  ei  named  Green,  whose  d  ea  th  s  i  t  was  surmised  raig'  v'l STYLE=superscript  befe  r STYLE=superscript  been  occasioned  by  p  o  i  son  ,  was  resumed  on  T  n  esdaYi  lb;  Mr.  rierford,  wh  en  M  r  .  D  yson,  surgeon,  deposed  t STYLE=superscript  r  pea  children  died  f  rom  scar  l  atina,  and  the  jury  re  tu STYLE=superscript  verdict  accordingly.  Printed  and  Published  by  CIIARLES  WILLMER,  of  2  1 STYLE=superscript  .  street,  a'  his  General  Printing  . STYLE=superscript  and  Stationery  Establichal  South  John  -street,  Liverpool.  THURSDAY,  JANUARY  31,  1856."
