text
"REV.  B.  S.  BROWN'S  LECTURE.  Last  night,  the  Rev.  H.  S.  Brown  delivered,  in  the  Con Concert-hall,  cert-hall, Concert-hall,  Lord  Nelson-street,  the  last  of  his  series  of  lectures  on  the  religions  of  the  Eastern  The  attendance  was  rather  scant.  Before  proceeding  to  the  immediate  subject  of  his  lecture,  religion  of  the  rev.  gentleman  briefly  sketched  the  incidents  which  led  to  the  establishment  of  the  East  India  company,  and  described  how,  from  a  small  chartered  body,  consisting  of  215  shareholders,  with  a  capital  of  70,0001.,  it  grew  in  wealth  and  power,  until  as  at  present  it  was  represented  by  its  vast  possessions,  extending  over  an  area  of  800,000  square  miles,  and  containing  more  than  a  hundred  millions  of  human  souls,  with  upwards  of  fifty  millions  more  almost  entirely  dependent  on  British  power.  And  since  our  territories  in  the  East,  he  observed,  were  so  vast,  every  man  whose  ideas  of  this  life  go  beyond  buying  and  selling,  must  acknowledge  that  the  possession  of  such  an  enormous  territory,  power  and  influence,  involves  a  very  great  responsibility  upon  this  country.  And,  he  apprehended,  that  there  could  be  no  more  noble  enterprise  for  any  nation  on  the  face  of  the  earth  than  the  civilisation  of  India—the  christian  civilisation  of  that  vast  multitude  of  people,  to  bring  them  up  if  it  were  only  to  such  a  position  as  we  oc occupy  cupy occupy  ourselves—to  introduce  amongst  them  European  edu education  cation education  and  the  religion  which  we  profess.  And  if;  in  the  progress  of  time,  the  British  empire  should  su  ccee  d  i  n  suc  h  an  enterprise  as  this,  it  will  be  far  the  greatest  enterprise  that  we  shall  ever  have  accomplished  ;  and  all  our  naval  and  military  trumphs  will  be  crowned  with  a  far  more  glorious  conquest—  a  conquest  over  ignorance,  over  crime,  over  abominable  superstition.  The  rev.  lecturer  then  pointed  out  how  the  people  of  India,  being  ourfellow-subjects,  their  social,  religious  and  political  condition  was  as  much  deserving  of  attention  a  our  hands  as  the  condition  of  the  people  of  Ire Ireland  land Ireland  or  Yokshire  ;  and  having  alluded  to  the  criminal  un unwillingnes,  willingnes, unwillingnes,  or  rather  opposition,  of  the  East  India  Com Company  pany Company  to  to  introduction  of  Christianity  into  India,  he  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  to  describe  the  nature  of  the  Hindoo  mythology.  Ho  showed  how,  in  this  mythology,  there  was  something  ana analogous  logous analogous  to  the  Trinity  in  the  Hindoo's  supreme  God  being  painted  under  three  manifestations,  namely  —Bramah,  the  creator;  Vishnu,  the  preserver;  and  Seva,  the  destroyer.  Of  all  these,  melancholy  to  say,  the  last  was  the  most  worshipped,  and  simply  from  the  motive  of  fear.  Much  was  said  in  those  days  about  the  progress  of  man  to  perfection,  and  his  power,  unaided,  to  attain  that  end.  But  let  them  study  the  universal  history  of  man  when  left  to  himself;  and  what  was  the  fact  of  the  case  ?  That  men,  instead  of  improving,  have  waxed  worse  and  worse,  and  have  gone  down  from  one  depth  to  another;  for  the  origin  of  idolatry  no  doubt  was  the  worship  of  the  sun,  moon,  and  stars,  fire,  lightning,  and  thunder,  as  the  symbols  of  a  divine  being.  But  from  this  worship  of  God,  through  symbols,  they  became  degraded—their  foolish  hearts  were  darkened,  until  at  last  the  posterity  of  those  who  had  began  with  the  worship  of  one  true  and  living  God,  were  found  bowing  down  in  abject  prostration  before  sticks  and  stones,  the  work  of  his  own  bands.  That  favourite  principle  is  often  propounded  now  amongst  us—the  native  power,  and  mot  only  the  native  power,  but  the  native  and  natural  tendency  of  human  nature  to  right  itself,  and  rise,  improve,  and  reform  ;  but  that  principle  is  not  one  which  the  facts  of  history  of  the  broad  face  of  human  nature  throughout  the  world  will  by  any  means  sustain.  (Applause.)  The  lecturer  then  proceeded  to  point  out  the  injurious  effects  arising  from  the  system  of  castes,  and  ob observed  served observed  that  nothing  else  but  the  disunion  among  the  peoples  of  the  Indian  nations  on  that  account,  could  have  brought  them  under  the  subjection  of  any  other  power.  He  then  pointed  out  the  contract  which  England  presented  in  this  respect  with  those  Eastern  nations.  All  were  here  equal  in  '  the  light  of  the  law.  The  humblest  could  if  possessed  of  the  talent,  reach  the  highest  offices  in  the  state  ;  and  no  matter  what  demagogues  might  say,  the  poor  and  lowly  were  not  despised.  Referring  to  the  the  rev.  gentleman  continued  :—Only  a  few  weeks  ago  I  read  of  one  of  those  demagogues  who  told  the  people  of  a  man  who  many  years  ago  entered  business  with  £lOOO,  and  was  now  worth  £25,000  ;  and,  said  he,  £24,000  of  thatbelongs  to  you.  Demagogues  may  go  about  and  try  to  enlist  the  passions  of  the  people,  but  I  believe  that  this  union  that  is  amongst  us  cannot  be  destroyed.  Englishmen  will  not  believe  such  stuff  and  nonsense  as  all  that  (applause)  ;  especially  when  we  see  such  men  as  the  Earl  of  Carlisle  lectur lecturing  ing lecturing  at  the  peoples'  institutes,  and  the  Earl  of  Shaftesbury,  the  most  active  philanthropist  of  the  day.  (Applause.)  It  cannot  be  that  the  people  of  this  country  will  look  so  jealously  upon  each  other,  or  allow  the  distinc distinction  tion distinction  of  caste  or  class  to  alienate  them  in  their  hearts.  (Hear,  hear.)  A  sentiment  very  frequently  propounded  in  the  present  day  is  that  this  nation  is  rapidly  coming.  to  such  a  state  as  will  present  simply  two  great  classes  :  we  shall  be  all  princes  or  paupers..  There  will  he  nothing  between— betweenthe  the betweenthe  rich  are  growing  richer  every  day,  and  the  poor  are  becoming  poorer  every  day.  The  middle  classes,  some  of  them  are  rising  to  the  upper,  some  of  them  are  sinking  to  the  abyss  —that  abyss  constituting  the  workmen  ;  and  there  will  be  no  middle  class  shortly,  by  any  means,  but  we  shall  be  h  y  exceedingly  b  rich,  n  o  yw  r  n  exceedingly  eilp  .g  3u  p  i  c  o  tnh  or  aec  .  nrt  co  l  tfht  d  aa  o  tff  n  aN  o  %in,h  t  ici  considerwhich  ma  this  y  country.  It  may  die  so  wit  regard  to  a  cer  o  ta  e  m  ,  t  e  ss  is  o  n  t  o  m  t  men  eamongstengagedee  us.  n  e  e  r  t  l  a  t  1m  sorts  ts  be,  or  for  pursuitsexample,  wi  will  find  fithat  thatthose  th  ewyh  must  u  a  r  s  e  t  raitettrs  will  their  establishments,  or  their  little  establish establishapply  apply establishapply  to  a  class  of  people  living  be  applied  to  the  great  1;  1 STYLE=superscript  04  g STYLE=superscript  at  large.  On  the  contrary,  when  I  look  at  the  raz;-.}  wages—when  I  look  at  the  grand  and  extraordinary  pros  pects  that  there  are  for  the  extension  of  our  manufacturing  and  commercial  relationship,  I  consider  there  is  a  far  better  time  coming  , STYLE=superscript  for  all  the  artisan  class  in  this  country  than  ever  they  have  seen  before—(applause)—and  that  wealth,  and  consequently  power,  is  likely  to  be  far  more  equally  dis distributed.  tributed. distributed.  I  should  say  rather  that  the  day  is  gone  by  when  the  few  are  to  become  exceedingly  rich,  and  the  many  are  to  sink  into  the  depths  of  poverty.  (Applause.)  On  the  contrary,  there  will  be,  not  by  anything  of  a  forced  charac character,  ter, character,  not  by  violence,  not  by  strikes  on  the  part  of  men  against  masters,  or  masters  against  men,  but  by  the  fearful  and  natural  working  out  of  things,  a  far  more  equal  distri distribution  bution distribution  of  wealth,  and  consequently  power,  than  ever  there  has  been  before.  In  fact,  as  intelligence  advances,  as  the  people  are  educated,  this  must  be  the  case  ;  for  wherever  there  is  a  pretty  equal  distribution  of  intelligence,  there  must  be  a  proportional  division  of  power.  (Applause.)  I  know  only  one  thing  that  is  calculated  to  degrade  the  working  men  of  this  country.  I  know  only  one  thins  that  is  calculated  to  please  them  i  n  th  e  p  os  iti  on  of  the  Hindoo  Sadri  or  Pariahs  of  the  Eastern  world,  and  it  is  an  evil  which  they  themselves,  if  they  will,  can  destroy  —it  is  only  intemperance  that  can  thus  reduce  them.  (Ap (Applause.)  plause.) (Applause.)  It  is  that  which  at  the  present  moment  is  reduc reducing  ing reducing  tens  of  thousands  of  noble  English  workmen  to  a  con condition  dition condition  in  fact  below  the  Pariah  of  India  ;  but  if  the  working  people  of  this  country  were  individually  sober  and  applied  their  minds  to  what  was  calculated  to  improve  and  reform,  they  would  be—they  must  be  ere  long—the  brightest  power  on  the  face  of  the  whole  earth,  (Applause.)  The  rev.  lecturer  then,  in  an  equally  forcible  manner,  denounced  the  slavery  of  South  America,  and  consider considered  ed considered  that  it  was  as  bad,  if  not  worse,  than  the  castes  of  India.  The  lecturer  then,  returning  to  the  immediate  subject  of  the  lecture,  reviewed  the  doctrine  of  the  transmigration  of  souls,  which  prevailed  among  the  Hindoos.  -This  doctrine,  he  de declared,  clared, declared,  had  in  it  a  noble  element  of  truth,  as  it  showed  that  the  Hindoos  had  established  amongst  them,  as  beyond  all  doubt,  that  belief  in  a  future  existence,  which  required  so  much  argument  in  its  support  among  people  supposed  to  have  been  more  civilised.  It  also  showed  that  they  believed  in  the  necessity  of  a  purification  of  the  soul,  and  in  this  respect  were  beyond  many  of  the  Deists  of  modern  times.  It  was  remarkable,  however,  that  the  transitions  through  which  the  Hindoos  believed  the  soul  passed,  were  such  as  were  calcu calculated  lated calculated  more  to  degrade  than  to  purify  the  soul.  Passing  over  such  well  known  features  of  the  Hindoo  religion  as  the  burn burning  ing burning  of  widows,  the  thug  practices,  the  sacrifices  of  Jugger Juggernaut,  naut, Juggernaut,  and  the  self-tortures  of  the  Fakirs,  or  Indian  monks,  which  were  too  familiar  to  require  a  lengthened  description,  the  reverend  lecturer  briefly  related  the  circumstances  attending  the  rise  of  the  Buddhism  in  India,  and  the  character  of  that  religion,  which  he  had  already  fully  explained  in  his  lecture  upon  the  creeds  of  China.  He  alluded  to  the  different  dissenting  sects  which  sprang  up  in  India,  but  which,  although  very  nu  merous  ,  were  no  t  o  f  any  considerable  importance,  with  the  exception  of  two.  Some  of  them,  however,  were  possessed  of  doctrines  which  showed  a  higher  and  purer  spirit  than  the  teachings  of  the  Brahmins.  From  one  of  these  sects,  which  strove  to  reconcile  the  Mahommedan  and  Brahminical  forms  of  religion,  and  which  taught  some  doctrines  worthy  of  any  'Christian  creed,  sprang  the  celebrated  race  of  the  Sikhs.  This  race,  however,  soon  relapsed  into  its  former  belief.  Having  thus  reviewed  the  different  religions  of  India,  the  lecturer  expressed  his  gratification  at  the  knowledge  that  the  Brah Brahminian  minian Brahminian  faith  was  nearly  extinct.  Much  of  this  he  showed,  was  owing  to  the  effects  of  the  British  Govern Government  ment Government  ;  and  while  he  was  far  from  approving  of  government  interference  with  religion,  he  would  not  deny  that  when  the  forms  of  that  religion  acted  with  injurious  effect  upon  the  safety  of  society  it  might  be  necessary  that  the  civil  law  should  interfere.  Therefore  they  could  not  but  approve  of  the  interference  of  the  British  government  is  putting  a  stop  to  such  practice  as  the  burning  of  widows  and  the  sacrifice  of  the  Juggernaut.  Schools  were  also  being  established  in  India,  and  education  spread,  under  the  auspices  of  the  Bri British  tish British  government  and  it  was  impossible,  the  lecturer  showed,  that  the  teachings  of  the  Brahmins  could  exist  where  edu education  cation education  was  diffused.  Therefore,  whatever  had  been  origi originally  nally originally  the  motives  under  which  India  had  been  governed,  and  however  it  might  have  been  attempted  at  first  to  favour  the  existence  of  the  prevailing  creed  there,  the  lecturer  de denied  nied denied  that  it  could  not  now  be  denied  that  the  effect  of  the  British  government  was  fast  eradicating  the  disgusting  and  damnable  creeds  of  Hindostan.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Browne  then  concluded  the  lecture  amid  loud  and  general  applause.  There  are  two  UEW  churches  in  course  of  erection  at  Bayswater,  Loudon.  One  at  Westbourne,  and  the  other  at  Notting-hill.  Lord  Robertson,  whose  illness  is  mentioned  in  the  Scotch  papers,  is  now  gnite•reztored.  This  (Wednesday)  is  St.  Thomas's  day,  according  to  ancient  and  astronomical  computation  the  shortest  day  in  the  year."
