text
"BIRKENHEAD.  EXTENSIVE  PLUNDERING  BY  A  DRESSMAK  ER.—A  re respectably-dressed  spectably-dressed respectably-dressed  young  woman,  named  Martha  Peters,  twenty-two  years  of  age,  who  followed  the  business  of  a  dressmaker,  was  charged  with  plundering  several  parties  for  whom  she  had  worked.  Mrs.  Margaret  Radcliffe,  of  Old.  Chester-road,  Tranmere,  deposed  that  the  prisoner  was  work working  ing working  for  her  on  the  eve  of  Christmas,  1852,  and  after  she  left  a  gold  ring,  set  with  pearls,  was  missing.  Mrs.  Devey,  of  22,  Queen's-place,  Tranmere,  said  that  the  prisoner  worked  for  her  about  a  fortnight  ago,  and  afterwards  a  pocket-handkerchief,  edged  with  lace,  was  missing  ;  also  a  piece  of  plaid  from  which  she  had  been  making  a  dress.  About  ten  weeks  ago  the  prisoner  was  making  w(dling.  clothes  for  Mrs.  Margaret  Briggan,  of  Townsend-street,  Liverpool,  and  1  yards  from  a  silk  dress.  The  prisoner  was  apprehended  in  the  following  manner  :  Mrs.  Radcliffe,  and  Mrs.  Devey,  suspecting  that  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  was  the  person  who  had  robbed  them,  proceeded  together,  on  Friday  last,  to  the  place  where  the  prisoner  was  working,  Mr.  James  Nicholson,  nublican,  256  Great  Howard-street.  They  were  accompabied  by  a  police  officer,  whom  they  left  outside.  Mrs.  Radcliffe  di:-  covered  her  lost  ring  on  the  prisoner's  hand  ;  but  the  'a:Ur  had  the  effrontery  to  say  that  the  ring  had  been  given  to  her  by  a  young  man,  and  threatened  to  summon  Mrs  Rad Radcliffe  cliffe Radcliffe  if  she  persisted  in  saying  the  ring  was  her  property.  Upon  this  the  prisoner  was  given  into  custody,  and  on  he:  way  to  the  bridewell  she  admitted  the  ring  was  not  hers,  and  begged  Mrs.  Radcliffe  to  forgive  her.  On  1 STYLE=superscript  e  searched  at  the  Birkenhead  bridewell,  two  pieces  of  cot  1,  stuff  were  found  on  her,  part  of  the  material  she  was  mak making  ing making  up  for  Mrs.  Nicholson,  when  apprehended.  A  key  an  I  other  articles,  were  also  found  on  her,  and  on  the  officer  pro proceeding  ceeding proceeding  to  her  lodgings,  at  No.  9,  Vulcan-street,  Bootl,,  he  searched  her  box  and  found  the  rest  of  the  stolen  propert:  - STYLE=superscript  .  The  prisoner  rppears  to  have  systematically  robbed  eve)  y  place  where  de  had  been  employed.  She  was  con  mitts  I  for  trial.  _Francis  31P-if  - STYLE=superscript  anus,  another  of  the  gang  connected  with  the  late  robbery  from  Mr.  Laird's  shipbuilding  yard,  was  remanded  till  Thursday."
