text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TITS.  RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  PROGRESS  OF  EVENTS  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Saturday.)  The  Emperor  of  Russia  has  sent  au  auto autograph  graph autograph  letter  to  Prince  Mqnschikoff,  stating  that  it  is  with  great  joy  that  he  requests  Ilan  to  communicate  to  his  (the  Emperor's)  brave  seamen  that  he  thanks  them  for  the  success  of  the  Russianfleet,  on  behalf  of  the  honour  and  glory  of  ituasia.  .  CONSTANTINOPLE,  BTH.—The  Furious  and  the  Heron  have  returned  from  Varna.  An  Austrian  steamer  left  yesterday  for  the  Black  Sea.  It  is  said  that  she  is  bound  for  Sinope,  though  no  one  knows  for  what  purpose.  BUCHAREST,  10TH.—The  Emperor  of  Russia  has  granted  a  pension  of  1000  ducats  per  month  to  the  Princes  Ghikas  and  Stirley,  and  has  paid  Ghikas's  debts  to  the  amount  of  50,000  ducats.  The  Post  has  a  Vienna  dispatch  of  19th,  contra contradicting  dicting contradicting  the  reports  of  a  sanguinary  action  near  Orsova  accounts  of  14th,  state  that  the  Turks  left  6000  men  at  Kalafat,  when  they  voluntarily  retired  to  Widdin.  A  Vienna  despatch  in  the  Daily  News,  dated  says  it  was  rumoured  last  night  that  something  Fri  day,  unfavourable  to  the  Russians  had  taken  place  in  the  Crimea.  At  first  it  was  said  that  an  attack  had  been  made  on  Sebastopol  by  the  fleets  ;  and  after afterwards  wards afterwards  a  rising  in  the  Crimea  was  spoken  of.  Posi Positive  tive Positive  information  is  wanting.  The  Times,  in  a  leading  article  on  the  subject  of  the  battle  of  Sinope,  states,  that  it  has  strong  rea reason  son reason  for  believing  that  on  two  occasions  more  vigo  rous  measures  were  proposed,  and  would  have  been  taken,  if  the  French  officers  had  acceded  to  them.  The  first  was  some  weeks  since,  when  Lord  Strat Stratford  ford Stratford  proposed  to  send  a  steam  squadron,  of  three  vessels  of  each  nation,  to  cruise  in  the  Black  Sea.  M.  de  Cour  agreed  to  the  plan,  but  the  French  admiral,  on  grounds  of  his  own,  first  opposed,  and  then  declined  the  proposition,  which  Lord  Strat Stratford  ford Stratford  did  not  think  it  expedient  to  carry  into  effect,  without  the  concurrence  of  the  French.  The  second  was  the  negative  of  General  Hilliers  to  Admiral  bundas's  proposal  to  intercept  the  Russian  fleet  after  the  battle  of  Sinope.  The  same  paper  believels  also  that  these  statements  are  true,  but  that  recri recrimination  mination recrimination  should  be  avoided,  the  circumstances  only  proving  more  evidently  the  necessity  of  a  concerted  plan  of  operations,  and  of  a  clear  definition  of  the  engagement  we  have  contracted,  or  assumed  ;  and  it  is  satisfactory  to  know  that  such  an  under understanding  standing understanding  has  now  been  distinctly  established,  and  that  the  measures  to  be  taken  in  common,  by  the  British  and  French  naval  forces  have  been  agreed  upon.  Both  cabinets  have  more  thoroughly  united  upon  the  course  it  has  become  necessary  to  pursue,  and  the  fleets  are  probably  already  in  the  Black  Sea,  to  give  effect,  if  necessary,  to  additional  instructions  they  will  shortly  receive.  FURTHER  PARTICULARS.  The  following  telegraphic  dispatches  were  circu circulated  lated circulated  in  London  on  Saturday  evening  ;-  TRIESTE,  Dec.  22.—The  dispatches  brought  from  Constantinople  come  down  to  the  12th.  In  that  capital  the  dismissal  of  the  Capitan-  Pacha  was  considered  as  probable.  The  combined  fleets  were  to  enter  the  Black  Sea,  if  the  Russians  landed  any  troops  on  the  Turkish  territory.  A  violent  tempest  had  taken  place  in  the  Black  Sea.  An  imperial  firman  confirms  the  privileges  of  Servia.  The  news  from  Smyrna  is  to  December  14.  It  mentions  the  demonstrations  of  some  '  fanatical  Mussulmans  of  the  interior  of  the  province  against  the  Christians.  The  declaration  of  war  of  Persia  was  expected.  General  Prim  had  returned  from  the  banks  of  the  Danube.  .•  VIENNA,  DEC.  22.—Intelligence  from  Constanti Constantinople,  nople, Constantinople,  received  by  electric  telegraph,  announces  that  the  combined  fleets  have  definitively  entered  the  Black  Sea,  to  protect  the  territory  of  Turkey.  It  is  not  true  that  there  has  been  a  sanguinary sanguinaryaction  action sanguinaryaction  near  Kalafat.  According  to  accounts  from  Orsova  of  the  14th,  the  Turks  left  6,000  men  at  Ka Kahifa,t,  hifa,t, Kahifa,t,  when  they  voluntarily  retired  to  Widdin.  Among  the  correspondence  upon  the  subject  of  the  Eastern  war  in  the  journals  received  yesterday,  We  find  the  following  :—Official  news  has  been  re received  ceived received  of  the  combined  fleets  having  entered  the  Black  Sea.  I  was  assured  this  mornin  g  by  a  high  Public  functionary  that  an  order  to  that  effect  was  sent  by  the  French  and  English  governments  se several  veral several  days  ago,  the  instructions  being  not  to  attack  th  e  Russians,  either  at  sea  or  in  their  ports,  but  Merely  to  prevent  any  new  attempts  being  made  upon  the  Turks  in  or  on  the  coast  of  the  Black  Sea.  If  no  attempt  of  this  kind  be  made,  and  none  is  now  probable,  there  will  be  no  collision  between  the  Russians  and  the  combined  fleets.  The  Patrie  of  Tuesday  evening  states  that  the  Russians  lost  in  the  battle  of  Sinope  a  90-gun  Ship  of  the  line,  the  Jagondib;  she  blew  up  at  the  same  time  with  the  Turkish  frigate  by  which  the  was  attacked.  According  to  the  letters  from  the  coast  of  the  Black  Sea  communicating  this  account  to  the  Patrie,  one  of  the  aides-de-camp  of  the  Turkish  admiral  lies  dead  of  his  wounds  at  Sehastopol,  , STYLE=superscript  and  the  admiral  himself  has  had  to  underdo  amputation.  The  first  aide-de-camp  of  the  minister  of  the  marine  is  under  orders  to  start  at  a  moment's  notice  for  Constantinople.  The  Vauban  steam steamfrigate  frigate steamfrigate  is  at  Toulon  prepared  to  start  the  moment  '  4 STYLE=superscript  f  his  arrival.  This  gentleman  will  be  the  bearer  Of  the  final  instructions  of  the  French  Govern Governkent  kent Governkent  to  its  representative  at  the  Porte,  and  they  are  of  a  character  which  will  put  an  end  to  all  doubts  as  to  the  future  policy  of  France,  and  show  th  a  t  she  is  determined  to  act  with  the  energy  Which  the  position  of  affairs  requires.  It  is  a  fact  of  some  significance;  that  in  all  th  e STYLE=superscript  plans  brought  forward  for  the  settlement  of  the  question,  the  Russians  always  maintain  that  the  Czar'  will  never  withdraw  till  he  obtains  the  full  satisfaction  that  he  has  demanded.  Surely  this  ought  to  show  the  other  Powers  that  it  is  only  to  force  that  he  will  give  way.  The  correspondent  of  another  London  journal  I  am  informed  that  the  French  govern government  ment government  have  received  last  night  the  official  intelli intelligence  gence intelligence  of  the  entry  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  combined  fleets  into  the  Black  Sea.  The  same  dispatch  which  announces  th  a  t  fact  mentions  also  that  a  great  deal  of  excite excitement  ment excitement  prevails  at  Constantinople,  particularly  among  the  fanatical  party  The  discontent  and  irritation  prevailing  am  ong  the  general  population  is  easily  traced  to  the  catastrophe  of  Sinope.  It  is  not  stated  that  any  disturbance  had  taken  place,  and  it  was  hoped  that  the  entry  of  the  fleets  would  allay  the  irritation,  and  show  to  .the  Turks  that  they  are  not,  as  had  been  reported,  abandoned  at  their  utmost  need  by  their  The  Turkish  Government,  as  well  as  the  people,  Were  disconcerted  at  the  result  of  the  Conference  of  the  Representatives  at  Constantinople.  It  was  looked  upon  as  so  certain  that  the  fleets  would  enter  the  Black  Sea  after  the  news  from  Sinope,  that,  as  is  mentioned  in  a  letter  from  Constanti Constantinople,  nople, Constantinople,  the  Sultan  himself  proceeded  to  a  spot  as  Floss  as  possible  to  where  the  fleets  were  anchored,  in  order  to  be  one  of  the  first  to  witness  their  de  Parture.  When  no  movement  took  place,  in  con consequence,  sequence, consequence,  as  is  again  asser  ted, STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  the STYLE=superscript  opposition STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  General  Baraguay  Highness  returned  overwhelmed  with  sorrow  and  indignation  ;  sorrow  for  the  terrible  disaster  of  Sinop  °,  and  indignation  at  the  conduct  of  the  ambassador.  It  was  asked  What  possible  motive  could  have  existed  for  the  recall  of  M.  de  Lacour,  if  a  second  AI.  de  Latour  Was  sent  to  succeed  him  ?  THE  ASIATIC  DOMINIONS  OF  ENGLAND.  A.  large  exedition,  says  the  corresp  ondent STYLE=superscript  of STYLE=superscript  the  K  o  l  n  er  Zeituny,  has  long  been  preparing,  under  Pretence  of  an  intended  campaign  again  the  Khan  Of  lihiva.  Russian  agents  have  for  the  last  Years  been  busy  among  the  Mongolian  and  Is.rgi Is.rgikan  kan Is.rgikan  hordes  ;  they  were  bribed  and  organised,  ,iippledi  with  money,  weapons,  and  officers,  and  lained  to  act  in  concert,  according  to  the  require requirements  ments requirements  of  modern  civilized  warfare.  It  is  now  ,  I STYLE=superscript  ..serted,  on  the  best  authority,  that  the  various  A.irisiau  hordes  which  camp  on  the  shores  of  dreg  Caspian  and  infest  the  Altai,  together  with  t  Tartar  tribes  of  Central  Asia,  6an  supply  Russia  not  less  than  two  hundred  thon,and  horst-own  iourtd  to  hino-o•  affil  •  ,  1.11•  I  '4.tig  ui  4.11  d  earr  .  v  . STYLE=superscript  '.,11  a  -ctit-etwd  I.l. STYLE=superscript  3ttgllt,  with  the  greatest  dangers  1  Litt  - STYLE=superscript  -  41 STYLE=superscript  1, STYLE=superscript  fur  tvith  the  help  of  the  Along°limit  hordes  it  v\o'ilti  be  easy  for  Russia  to  make  a  most  ineon ineonbetient  betient ineonbetient  diversion  by  supporting  the  hardy  and  'Ntile  tribes  of  India.  The  enormous  steppes  of  Central  Asia  separate,  indeed,  the  Russian  terri territories  tories territories  from  the  possessions  of  the  British  crown,  but  those  steppes  are  inhabited  by  vagrant  hordes  of  Tartar  horsemen,  and  they  are  not,  therefore,  altogether  impassable  for  a  small  Russian  army  with  a  large  body  of  Tartar  auxiliaries.  APPLICATION  OF  GALVANISM,  AS  A  POWER  FOR  VESSELS,  TO  SUPERSEDE  STEAM.  Dr.  De  L'  Huynes,  the  French  physician,  who  is  now  in  Liverpool,  and  who  Is  the  inventor  of  patented  electro-medi electro-medical  cal electro-medical  apparatus,  has  not  only  studied  ele:;tro-galvanism  in  a  medical  point  of  view,  but  for  the  object  of  general  science  ;  and  we  learn  that  he  has  just  made,  amongst  us,  experiments  of  the  highest  interest,  upon  the  application  of  galvanism  to  the  locomotion  of  ships  ;  and  that  his  experiments,  made  in  the  presence  of  five  competent  persons,  have  been  crowned  with  full  success.  It  is  known  that  galvanism  is  produced  by  the  presence  of  two  metals,  put  in  contact  by  a  liquid  acid,  or  'water,  keep keeping  ing keeping  salt  in  solution.  The  discovery  of  the  doctor  consists  in  lining  the  vessel  with  zinc  and  with  copper,  according  .  to  a  given  plan  ;  and  in  forming,  by  them,  an  immense  series  of  galvanic  piles,  or  batteries,  of  which  the  liquid  electro-motor  shall  be  the  salt  water  of  the  sea.  _  _  _  This  immense  battery  acts  upon  electro-magnets,  of  which  the  movement  of  attraction  and  repulsion  much  surpasses  the  force  of  our  greatest  steam-engines.  This  invention  presents  immense  economical  advantages  ;  the  alleviation  of  the  ship  from  the  weight  of  the  machinery  and  engines,  besides  obviating  all  danger  from  the  fire,  and  saving  the  transport  of  coals,  &amp;c.  Dr.  De  L'  Huynes  is  a  man  of  acknowledged  merit  as  a  man  and  a  writer,  and  the  remarkable  cures  which  he  has  effected  in  Liverpool  and  other  towns  and  cities  afford  incon incontestible  testible incontestible  proof  of  his  great  talents  as  a  physician.  The  doe  tor  is  soon  to  leave  Liverpool  on  a  visit  to  York,  where  he  is  expected;  but  in  a  few  weeks  he  will  return  to  our  town,  in  which  to  form  an  establishment  for  the  manu manufacture  facture manufacture  of  his  electro-galvanic  and  medical  apparatus,  and  also  to  bring  out  his  immense  discovery.  His  fortune  per permits  mits permits  him  to  do  all,  by  himself,  without  the  aid  of  partner partnership  ship partnership  ;  and  he  is,.  in  this  respect,  in  a  position  which  makes  an  exception  to  inventors,  who,  for  the  most  part,  cannot  push  out  their  inventions  for  want  of  sufficient  resources;  for,  besides  a  fortune  parental,  sufficiently  ample,  the  doctor  has  a  real  one  in  the  patients  who,  every  day,  flock  to  con consult  sult consult  him  in  all  the  towns  through  which  he  travels.  We  shall  have  occasion  to  speak  again  of  his  important  invention,  of  which  we  shall  follow  the  results  with  interest.  THE  ARCHBISHOP  OF  FRIBURG  v.  THE  ENG ENGLISH  LISH ENGLISH  ROMAN  CATHOLICS.  To  the  Editor  of  the  Times  Sin—l  see  in  your  columns  that  the  controversy  awakened  in  the  Grand  Duchy  of  Baden  is  attracting  the  notice  of  the  leading  members  of  the  Roman  Catholic  church  in  this  country.  An  address  has  been  forwarded  to  the  episcopal  Ultramontane  of  Friburg  by  such  respectable  noblemen  as  Lord  Arundel  and  Surrey,  Lord  Charles  Thynne,  Viscount  Fielding,  Lord  Petre,  and  many  others  of  exemplary  loyalty,  expressive  of  their  sympathy,  their  admiration,  and  respect.  Had  Dr.  Wiseman  or  Dr.  Paul  Cullen  sent  such  an  address,  it  would  have  passed  without  notice,  as  at  once  natural  and  to  be  expected.  But  it  does  seem  strange  that  laymen  should  sympathise  with  a  proud  priest  fulminating  the  thunders  of  the  Papacy  against  a  civil  government  which  refuses  to  be  the  serf  of  the  Papacy.  I  always  supposed  that  our  English  and  Scottish  laity,  even  though  members  of  the  church  of  Rome,  had  that  love  of  civil  freedom  and  British  law  that  they  would  now,  as  they  have  often  done  before,  side  with  their  order,  with  the  constitution,  and  with  the  laity,  against  the  intrusion  of  extrinsic  jurisdiction  of  any  sort.  But,  for  '  the  first  time  in  the  course  of  many  years,  a  body  of  noblemen  and  gentlemen  have,  in  a  public  document,  set  forth  their  sympathy  with  principles  which,  if  applied  at  home,  would  lay  waste  all  the  blessings  of  our  great  and  cherished  constitution.  For  the  first  time,  and  to  my  great  surprise,  I  see  Ultramontane  sympathies  where  I  thought  they  were  unknown—among  the  Roman  Catholic  laity  of  England.  I  cannot  suppose  that  the  noblemen  and  gentlemen  who  sign  this  address  to  the  Archbishop  of  Fri Friburg  burg Friburg  are  ignorant  of  his  published  sentiments  or  of  his  claims.  They  have,  however,  endorsed  the  following  pre pretensions,  tensions, pretensions,  published  by  the  archbishop,  in  his  protest  of  No November,  vember, November,  and  are  ready  in  similar  circumstances  at  home  and  abroad  stand  by  them  :  According  to  the  doctrine  of  the  Catholic  Church,  her  teaching,  her  worship,  her  government,  belong  to  the  Pope  and  bishops.  All  laws  of  the  country,  to  which  the  government  ap appeals,  peals, appeals,  when  contrary  to  this  doctrine  are  usurpations  ;  the  existing  relations  of  Church  and  State  were  formed  on  a  Protestant  model,  The  State  has  no  rights  over  the  church.  We  loudly  protest  against  the  pretended  rights  which  it  assumes.  The  bishop  must  do  all  in  his  power  to  bring  about  a  repeal  of  the  existing  laws  ;  if  he  cannot  do  this  by  entreaties,  the  duty  of  resistance  at  once  devolves  upon  him,  and  then  the  responsibility  of  a  conflict  like  this  falls  not  on  him,  but  on  the  power  which  usurps  the  government  of  the  church.  _  _  _  .  to  the  ordinance  of  the  7th  of  November  in  particu particular,  lar, particular,  the  archbishop  protests  against  being  obliged  to  submit  his  mandates  to  the  commissioner  of  the  government  ;  this  were  to  subject  the  church  to  a  layman.  He  pretests  against  all  the  penalties  which  follow  the  violation  of  this  command.  To  apply  laws  of  police  to  priests  who  should  obey  their  bishops,  is,  in  the  eyes  of  all  the  world,  neither  more  nor  less  than  an  act  of  violence.  To  promise  priests  who  obey  the  laws  of  the  country  protection  against  the  censure  of  their  bishops  is  as  dange dangerous  rous dangerous  as  impossible.  No  power  in  existence  can  conserve  the  funcions  of  a  priest  when  his  bishop  withdraws  those  functions.  the  archbishop  demands  from  the  state  a  repeal  of  all  laws  in  force  upon  this  matter,  and  the  abandonment  of  all  sovereignty  over  the  church,  for  no  partial  concessions  will  suffice  for  the  restoration  of  I  am  not  surprised  at  the  archbishop's  assertion  of  these  principles.  He  is  most  consistent.  But  what  amazes  me  is  the  fact  that  Lord  Arundel  and  Surrey,  Lord  Charles  Thynne,  and  other  eminent  persons,  should  accept  them.  The  archbishop  took  a  solemn  oath  to  the  Pope,  in  which  he  swore,  The  rights,  honors,  privileges,  and  authority  of  the  Holy  Roman  Church  and  of  our  Lord  the  Pope,  I  will  endeavour  to  defend,  preserve,  increase,  and  He  has  also  sworn  to  uphold  the  canon  law  and  conciliar  de decrees.  crees. decrees.  In  the  canon  law  the  Archbishop  of  Friburg  reads  and  fearlessly  acts  on  what  he  reads,  as  follows  de declare  clare declare  that  you  ecclesiastics  are  not  bound  by  your  oath  of  allegiance  to  your  prince,  but  that  you  may  freely  resist  even  your  prince  himself  in  defence  of  the  rights  and  honors  of  the  church,  and  even  of  your  own  private  Corp  furls  Canonici  ,  c,  31,  p.  360,  Leips.,  1839.  The  Kingly  power  is  subject  to  the  Pontifical,  and  is  bound  to  obey  190,  vol.  ii.,  Leips.,  1839.  Nothing  can  be  more  consistent  and  pontifically  exemplary  than  the  conduct  of  the  archbishop.  But  I  cannot  believe  that  the  loyal  and  eminent  personages  who  sign  the  address  to  him  in  your  columns  are  aware  of  the  destructive  prin principles  ciples principles  to  which  they  have  comm  7 STYLE=superscript  .tted  themselves.—l  am,  Sir,  your  obedient  servant,  JOHN.  CUMMING.  P.S.—I  observe  that  some  of  your  cotemporarios  are  wondering  and  speculating  .  about  br.  Wiseman's  absence  from  England  and  sojourning  at  Rome.  It  will  set  them  right  if  I  inform  them  that,  in  the  oaths  taken  by  him  at  his  consecration,  he  swore,  I  will,  by  myself,  in  person  visit  the  threshold  of  the  apostles  (i.  e.  Rome)  every  three  years,  and  give  account  to  our  lord  of  my  pastoral  office,  and  of  all  things  belonging  to  the  state  of  my  The  cardinal  is,  therefore,  reporting  to  his  s  overe  i  gn  i  n  Rome,  the  condition  of  his  proconsulate  in  England,  and  receiving  orders  for  the  next  three  years.  A  HINT  TO  SIR  JAMES  GRAHAM.  To  the  Editor  of  the  Times  Sin,—The  value  of  property  lying  in  the  'docks  at  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  is  reckoned  by.  millions.  Its  only  defence  is  a  small  and  not  over  strong  fort  at  New  Brighton.  In  case  of  the  outbreak  of  hostilities  with  Russia,  what  is  to  prevent  a  Russian  steamer,  commanded  by  another  Paul  Jones,  and  under  a  false  flag,  entering  the  Mersey  ?  Half  an  hour  would  suffice,  and  ion  would  publish,  in  a  third  edition,  by  telegraph,  that  docks  were  in  It  is  not  an  invasion  by  a  squadron,  whose  movements  would  be  known  and  therefore  intercepted,  that  we  have  to  fear  ;  it  is  the  possible  mischief  that  a  single  armed  vessel  could  inflict  that  has  to  be  guarded  against.  Let  our  energetic  head  of  the  Admiralty  send  a  single  block-ship  to  be  moored  in  the  Mersey  until  the  horizon  of  European  politics  brightens,—Your  obedient  servant,  Manchester,  Dec.  22.  VIGILANS.  Miss  Burdett  Coutts  has  arrived  at  Brighton,  from  Paris.  The  Duke  of  Newcastle  left  town  on  Thursday  for  Clum Clumber,  ber, Clumber,  for  the  Christmas  holidays.  len  the  Shrewsbury  School  case  judgment  has  been  given  for  the  relations,  and  against  the  Rev.  Mr.  Morse.  The  Marquis  of  Lansdowne  has  a  select  circle  assembled  at  Bowood  for  the  festive  season.  The  noble  marquis,  it  is  said,  does  not  purpose  coming  to  town  until  the  latter  end  of  January.  CHOLERA  IN  SCOTLAND.—ChoIera,  which  hovered  on  the  eastern  coast  of  Scotland,  is  rapidly  coming  westward:  and  has  at  length  reached  this  city,  although  not  in  its  most  virulent  form.  In  Glasgow  we  learn  several  cases  have  been  reported  since  Saturday.  On  that  day  a  case  occurred  in  Tylefield-strect,  Gallogate.  On  Monday  morn morning  ing morning  there  was  another  case  in  Garngad-road.  On  Tuesday  a  second  case  occurred  in  Garngad-road.  In  the  afternoon  a  second  case  occurred  in  the  Back  Wend.  Three  other  cases  have  been  reported,  one  near  the  Cross,  another  in  Coweaddens,  and  the  third  in  Bishop-street.  The  parochial  boards  have,  greatly  to  their  honour,  completed  their  arrangements  for  energetic  action.—Glasgow  Constitutional.  SHOCKING  MURDER.  AT  GlRVAN.—Scarcely  had  the  public  mind  in  Ayrshire  recovered  from  the  sensation  produced  by  the  blind  and  atrocious  affair  which  took  place  at  Tfillinte,  in  ( STYLE=superscript  . STYLE=superscript  4  11,11,1 STYLE=superscript  ,  was  , STYLE=superscript  ittiti2;  at  the  loon',  near  the  window  of  lier  own  house,  in  the  town  of  Girvan,  ,lie  was  shut  at  and  killed.  We  have  not  yet  received  further  particulars,  beyond  the  fact  that  her  husband  was  immediately  apprehended,  on  suspicion  of  being  the  perpetrator  of  the  murder,--North  British  Mail."
