text
"CORONER'S  COUR  7  -  Y STYLE=superscript  -.-  V  ESTERDAY  SUDDEN  DEATH  FROM  THE  EFFECTS  OF  PASSION  AND  DRINK.—On  Thursday  evening,  a  woman  named  Mary  Anne  Houghton,.  residing  at  42,  Gildart's-gardens,  being  slightly  under  the  influence  of  drink,  quarrelled  with  her  husband.  She  went  to  bed  in  a  state  of  great  excitement,  and  shortly  af afterwards  terwards afterwards  got  up  to  get  a  rope  to  beat  one  of  her  two  children;  not  being  able  to  find  it,  she  got  into  a  violent  passion,  and  suddenly  fell  forward  with  her  head  against  a  box.  Directly  after  her  fall  the  husband  struck  her  with  a  rope,  (he  being  also  drunk  and  believing  her  asleep  at  the  time,)  when  the  poor  children  lifted  their  mother  into  bed  they  discovered  that  she  was  dead.  At  the  inquest,  held  yesterday,  Dr.  Kemp  deposed  that  her  death  was  caused  by  apoplexy,  no  doubt  set  up  by  drink  and  excitement.  FATAL  ACCIDENTS—A  schoolmaster  named  Wm.  Holmes,  residing  in  the  Park,  was  coming  down  the  Pit  steps  leaving  the  Park  Theatre,  on  last  Friday  night,  when  he  fell  and  broke  his  arm,  he  was  intoxicated  at  the  time  ;  he  was  taken  to  the  Southern  Hospital  where  he  died  yesterday.  An  inquest  was  held  on  his  body,  and  a  verdict  .of  accidental  death  from  a  fall  returned.  FATAL  ACCIDENT.—A  seaman  who  gave  his  name  as  William  Lawson  was  admitted  to  the  Southern  Hospital  on  the  27th  ult:,  he  said  he  had  had  a  fall,  but  did  not  say  where.  He  had  received  a  scalp  wound,  from  which  he  died  on  Thursday.  It  is  supposed  he  belonged  to  a  ship  which  sailed  on  the  day  before  the  accident.  POLICE  CO  URTS.-YESTEFCDAY  LIVERPOOL  COMMITMENTS.—John  McKensie,  was  convicted  of  steal steala  a steala  jacket  from  a  cart  on  the  Quay,  near  the  old  Church,  on  Thursday.  He  cooly  took  the  garment  from  the  car,  and  it  was  found  upon  his  person.  He  had  been  twice  before  committed,  and  was  now  sentenced  to  three  months'  impri imprisonment.  sonment. imprisonment.  Patick  Baines,  for  stealing  linen,  from  the  yard  of  Mr.  John  Gilmore,  6,  Hope-place  ;  was  committed  under  the  vagrant  act,  for  three  months.  William  Grimes,  an  old  offender,  who  had  been  ten  times  before  committed,  was  now  imprisoned  for  two  months,  for  having  in  his  posses possession  sion possession  a  horse  cloth.  James  'ogee  for  stealing  two  valuable  counterpanes  and  a  quantity  of  bed-linen  from  off  a  line  in  the  drying  yard  of  Mr.  'Alfred  Ackerley,  Rose-dale,  was  ordered  to  be  imprisoned  for  one  month.  PICKING  Pociarre.  —A  well-dressed  young  thief,  who  was  detected  at  half-past  twelve,  yesterday,  picking  the  pocket  of  a  gentleman  named  Augustus  Miller,  of  a  silk  handkerchief,  at  George's  Basin,  and  wh  o  h  a  d  b  een  fi  ve  times  before  committed,  was  sent  for  trial  to  the  sessions.  William  Robinson,  James  Ross,  and  John  McGregor,  three  sleek  well-dressed  boys  were  charged  by  two  of  the  detec detective  tive detective  force  with  attempting  the  pockets  of  several  old  ladies  on  Thursday  afternoon.  The  officers  saw  them  busily  plying  their  vocation  in  Elliott-street,  and  followed  them  along  Lime-street  Brownlow  Hill,  and  Islington,  to  London-road.  They  were  not  successful  in  any  attempt  they  made,  and  finally  the  officers  arrested  them  in  a  beer  house  at  Copperas  Hill.  Ross  escaped,  and  running  up  a  court  in  the  same  street,  drew  a  knife,  with  which  he  swore,  he  would  stab  the  first  officer  who  laid  hands  upon  him.  The  other  prisoners  were  very  violent.  All  three  are-well:known  to  the  Police,  and  wer  esentenced  to  three  months'  imprisonment.  THE  GAROTTE  ROBBERY  IN  GREAT  ROWARD-STREET.--  Thomas  Colville  and  Patricia  Jordan  were  charged  with  being  two  of  the  parties  concerned  in  garotting  an  Irishman  named  Richard  Feely,  in  Great  Howard-street,  on  Thursday  the  27th  ult.,  and  robbing  him  of  £29,  in  Bank  of  Ireland  notes,  as  mentioned  in  our  paper  at  the  time.  The  evidence  against  Jordan  did  not  sustain  the  charge,  and  he  was  set  at  liberty,  but  it  being  sworn  by  two  witnesses  that  Colville  was  seen  with'the  prosecutor,  at  the  time  he  called  for  help  he  was  remanded  for  one  week,  in  the  hope  that  the  notes  might  yet  turn  up.  Sarah  Russell;  a  gay-looking  lady,  was  charged  by  an  apparently  respectable  young  man,  who  gave  his  name  as  William  Stanley,  a  merchant's  clerk,  with  stealing  his  watch  yesterday  morning,  at  about  two  o'clock.  He  unfor unfortunately  tunately unfortunately  brought  the  fair  frail  one  to  his  lodgings,  and  while  entering,  she  took  his  gold  watch.  The  property  not  being  found,  she  was  remanded  to  this  day.  A  PITEOUS  CASE.-11fary  Hill,  a  very  young  and  inter interesting-looking  esting-looking interesting-looking  girl,  was  charged  wish  having  in  her  posses possession,  sion, possession,  and  wearing,  a  shawl  which  two  months  since  had  been  stolen  from  her  mistress,  Mr.  Tippett,  with  whom  she  at  the  time  of  the  robbery  lived  in  service.  The  lady  said  that  she  had  found  the  prisoner  artful  and  deceitful,  but  did  not  sus suspect  pect suspect  she  was  a  thief.  She  had  complained  to  her  aunt,  and  they  were  thinking  of  sending  her  to  the  penitentiary,  as  she  had  evidently  got  into  bad  company,  when  she  suddenly  absconded.  Though  she  subsequently  missed  several  articles,  this  shawl  amongst  the  rest,  she  still  did  not  think  that  prisoner  was  the  thief,  until  another  servant  told  her,  she  had  seen  with  the  girl  a  copy  of  Vicar  of  which  Mrs.  Tippitt  had  lost.  The  magistrate  said  it  was,  a  pity,  the  girl  was  now  con,  p_ote_y  ruiuud,  although  sllp  might  have  been  saved  at  the  time.  Her  mistress  first  thought  of  getting  her  into  the  penitentiary.  She  was  remanded  for  seven  days.  ROBBERY  .BY  PROSTITUTES.  Rose  Ann  Crosbie  and  Ann  Jones  were  charged  with,  on  Thursday  night,  robbing  a  very  decent  looking  man,  who  gave  his  name  as  Asprey  Davies,  of  the  Potteries,  of  £lB  in  gold  and  notes,  a  silver  watch  chain  and  pencil-case.  Pruseeutur  salU  mac  lie  liad  unfortunately  fallen  into  the  company  of  Crosbie,  and  having  visited  more  than  one  spirit  vault,  and  liberally  treated  her,  he  finally  came  to  Shakerley's  vaults,  where,  upon  calling  for  a  glass  of  Sherry,  he  found  he  had  no  money  to  pay  for  it.  The  smartness  of  his  loss  did  not,  however,  bring  him  to  his  senses,  and  he  accompanied  his  amiable  friend  to  her  residence,  a  brothel  kept  by  the  prisoner  Jones,  in  Spitalfields.  On  awaking  in  the  morning,  he  was  presented  with  the  pawn  ticket  of  his  coat;  but  the  chain,  pencil  case,  and  money  were  gone  ;  and  to  crown  all,  he  was  told  he  was  in  debt  seven  shillings  and  six-pence.  He  wrote  a  note  to  his  brother  for  money,  and  the  ladies  very  condescendingly  undertook  to  find  a  messenger,  and  shortly  afterwards,  Crosby  handed  him  his  chain  and  pencil  case,  which  she  said  she  had  only  held  as  security  for  his  debt.  The  magistrates  said  they  could  do  nothing  for  complainant.  lie  choose  to  get  drunk  in  bad  company,  and  should  bear  the  consequences.  The  prisoners  were  discharged.  -  STREET  ROBBERY  WITH  VlOLltßOE.—Richard  _Edwards  was  charged  by  a  seaman  named  George  Pierce,  of  the  ship  who  said  that  on  Thursday  evening  he  met  the  prisdner  in  a  public  house,  and  having  got  into  conver conversation  sation conversation  with  him,  and  treated  him  to  a  glass  of  ale,  he  was  persuaded  to  take  a  walk  in  his  company;  when  at  the  top  of  Water-street  prisrmer  made  a  grasp  at  his  watch  and  plucked  it  away,  When  arrested  no  watch  could  be  found.  Remanded  for  7  days.  STEALING  COTTON'—John  Broaclburn  and  _Honor  Kelly  were  remanded  till  to-day  for  having  a  large  bundle  of  clean  cotton,  for  which  they  could  not  account,  on  their  persons,  in  Love-lane.  CLAIM  FOR  SEAMEN'S  WAGES,—William  Taylor,  seaman,  summoned  captain  lames  Levens,  of  the  barque  for  £3  15s.  Od.,  wages  alleged  to  be  due  upon  the  voyage  from  BaltiMore  to  Liverpool  (30  dols.  for  the  run).  Mr.  Campbell  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  The  only  point  at  issue  seemed  to  be  the  statement  of  the  captain,  that  he  had  paid  the  amount  to  some  person  in  Baltimore,  on  account  of  Taylor,  who  he  also  stated  was  in  a  very  destitute  condition  when  he  shipped.  The  plaintiff's  name  did  not  appear  in  the  ships  articles.  No  proof  of  payment  having  been  pro produced,  duced, produced,  the  magistrates  gave  an  order  for  the  amqunt  claimed,  with  costs."
