text
"COMMERCIAL  INTELLIGENCE.  BOMBAY,  October  27.  —We  have  little  change  to  notiee  in  the  state  of  our  money  market  since  the  date  of  our  last  report.  Money  still  continues  easy,  and  the  accounts  re received  ceived received  from  China  by  the  last  mail  have  for  the  present  given  a  check  to  the  large  shipments  of  bullion  that  have  been  going  forward  to  that  market  during  the  last  two  or  three  months.  In  joint-stock  shares  and  government  securities  fecal  transactions  are  taking  place  —the  near  ap approach  proach approach  of  the  Dewallee  holidays  interfering  with  business.  Present  quotations  are  as  under  :—Government  five  per  cent.  loan  of  1841-42.  rs.  1031  per  100  ;  government  four  per  cent  loan  of  1832-33,  1082  per  100  siccas  ;  government  four  per  cent.  loan  of  1835-36,  1021  to  2  per  100  ;  govern governmens  mens governmens  four  per  cent.  loan  of  1842-43,  1021  to  I  per  100;  bank  of  Bombay  shares,  391  to  40  per  cent.  prem  ;  Oriental  bank  corporation,  93  to  94  per  cent.  prem.  ;  commercial  31  to  32  per  cent.  prem.  ;  Agra  bank,  48  to  50  per  cent.  prem.  Since  the  date  of  our  last  report  business  done  has  been  extremely  limited.  After  the  Dewallee  holidays,  which  occur  immediately,  it  is  confidently  expected  that  there  will,  however,  be  a  greater  activity  developed  than  has  of  late  existed.  Cotton  has  at  length  given  way  in  price,  owing  to  the  discouraging  accounts  received  of  its  value  both  in  the  China  and  English  markets,  and  purchases  have  been  made  of  Broach  cotton  at  rs.  100  and  101,  and  of  Dholerah  at  931  to  951  per  candy,  with  prospect  of  a  still  greater  decline,  although  contracts  have  been  made  for  the  delivery  of  new  Dholerati  t..ttno  in  April  next  at  rs.  941  to  rs.  951  per  candy.  In  other  produuL.  wa  hear  of  little  or  nothing  doing.  Freights  have  been  pretty  steadily  maintained  to  Liv,r  pool  at  £2  15s.  to  £2  17s.  6d,.  till  within  the  last  few  days,  when  the  arrival  of  several  large  vessels  from  Australia  gave  a  check,  so  that  we  cannot  quote  higher  than  £2  12s.  for  vessels  commenced  loading,  and  £2  15s.  per  ton  for  vessels  nearly  ready  for  sea  to  Liverpool  and  London.  To  China  there  is  nothing  doing,  the  rate  is  nominally  rs.  12  per  candy.  E  xc  h  anm  ,  nab  ruled  pretty  steady,  at  2s.  14d.  pm  rupee,  at  six  months'  sight,  for  b!st  bills.  Lately  an  attempt  has  been  made  to  reduce  the  rates  for  Baring  Bro Brothers  thers Brothers  credits  to  2s.  IBd.,  at  which  some  sales  were  effected,  but  the  banks  refused  to  purchase  any  paper  under  2s.  1  5  .16d.  which  may  be  considered  as  the  rate  for  the  best  local  paper  on  England  at  six  months'  sight.  On  China  exchange  is  nominal  at  Its.  242  to  243  per  100  dols.,  at  60  days'  sight.  On  Calcutta,  at  60  days'  sight,  Its.  99  10-16  per  Rs.  100.  CALCUTTA,  Oct.  18.—The  Bombay  steamer  arrived  on  the  15th  instant,  with  London  dates  to  the  Bth  ultimo.  The  commercial  intelligence  is  most  satisfactory.  The  holidays  having  commenced  on  the  6th,  two  days  after  the  date  of  our  last  price  current,  and  business  having  only  been  resumed  this  morning,  we  are  unable  to  supnly  our  readers  with  our  usual  commercial  report,  including  full  statistics  of  our  imports  and  exports.  The  12th  instant  being  deemed  a  lucky  day  in  the  Hindoo  calendar,  small  purchases  at  previous  ra  t  es  were  ma  d  e  b  y  most  dealers  for  luck's  sake,  but  no  transactions  of  any  importance  have  transpired.  As  usual,  after  the  Pooja,  a  few  days  will  elapse  before  business  will  re-commence  with  any  energy.  The  prospects  of  our  cotton  goods  market  have  improved.  Rain  has  happily  fallen  abundantly  in  the  north-western  pro provinces,  vinces, provinces,  and  all  fears  regarding  the  fate  of  the  grain  crops  have  been  dispelled.  This  fortunate  dispensation  will  give  confidence  to  dealers,  and  a  good  business  in  imports,  it  is_anticipated,  will  arise  before  the  termination  of  the  current  month.  In  exports  we  have  nothing  to  say,  as  the  markets  have  been  closed  during  the  vacation.  Tonnage  is,  however,  more  abundant  than  it  was,  and  the  ra  t  e  of  freights  lower  ;  this  fact,  coupled  with  the  encouraging  advices  of  colonial  produce  received  by  the  Bombay,  will  doubtless  give  an  improved  impulse  to  our  import  markets.  We  have  no  change  to  make  in  our  last  estimate  of  the  coming  indigo  crop,  which  we  still  think  will  range  between  105,000  and  108,000  mds.  Our  advices  from  the  Dooab  are  of  an  improved  character,  but  those  from  Tirhoot  report  a  storm  of  wind  and  rain  having  occurred  in  that  district,  which  had  the  effect  of  largely  reducing  the  returns  from  the  vats,  and  it  is  too  late  in  the  season  for  the  uncut  plant  to  recover  its  full  colouring  properties.  Before  the  next  mail  leaves  we  shall  be  in  possession  of  more  precise  returns  than  we  have  as  yet  b  een  able  to  obtain,  and  we  hope  then  to  be  able  to  state  with  a  greater  approach  to  accuracy  the  figure  which  the  crop  is  likely  to  assume.  The  quality  of  this  season's  produce  is  generally  superior  to  that  of  last  year's  and  the  cakes  are  consequently  expected  to  weigh  lighter..  EXCHANGE  with  London  has  advanced  to  2  1  . STYLE=superscript  4  to  21,  at  which  rates  transactions  fur  this  mail  have  transpired.  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  Susanna  Bailey,  servant  to  Mr.  Draper,  said,  after  the  prisoner  had  called  and  seen  Mr.  Draper,  and  had  informed  himself  of  Mr.  Draper's  movements,  the  prisoner  came  again  the  next  day,  and  said  he  had  been  so  unfortunate  as  to  drop  his  glove  in  the  area,  would  I  be  so  good  as  to  get  it  for  him.  I  consented,  and  left  him  in  the  hall  while  I  went  down  stairs,  and  in  less  than  two  minutes  I  returned  with  the  glove.  The  prisoner  mentioned  that  he  would  call  again  in  the  evening  and  see  Mr.  Draper.  About  nine  o'clock  the  next  evening  the  prisoner  called,  bringing  with  him  another  person  to  see  the  rooms,  as  he  said.  I  requested  them  to  come  into  the  hall  while  I  got  a  light;  and  having  got  a  light,  I  showed  them  into  the  front  drawing-room.  While  I  was  up  stairs  with  the  prisoner  and  his  friend,  I  heard  some  one  go  across  the  hall  towards  the  rooms  of  M.  Gianotti,  a  gentleman  who  had  apartments  in  the  house.  I  did  not  feel  any  suspicion,  as  I  thought  M.  Gianotti  was  at  home.  I  went  up  stairs  to  the  bedrooms  with  the  prisoner  and  his  friend,  and  one  of  them  opened  a  window  to  look  into  the  street,  while  the  other  put  questions  on  various  subjects  to  me,  and  by  that  means  detained  me  up-stairs  a  quarter  of  an  hour.  The  prisoner  and  his  friend,  whose  name  he  said  was  Scott,  then  went  into  the  drawing-room  again.  The  prisoner  said  his  friend  Scott  liked  the  rooms  very  much,  and  he  would  call  and  settle  with  Mr.  Draper  about  the  apartments  the  next  day.'  I  then  let  them  out,  and  I  did  not  notice  at  the  time  that  any  robbery  had  been  committed.  Charles  Gianotti,  living  at  present  at  No.  6,  St.  James'.  place,  had  apartments  on  the  ground-floor  in  Mr.  Draper's  house  in  August  last.  On  the  4th  of  August  I  went  out  leaving  the  property  in  my  apartments  safe.  I  returned  the  next  day,  and  first  missed  my  cigar-case,  which  contained  a  £lO  and  a£6  bank  note.  I  next  missed  a  small  black  trunk,  containing  £46  in  bank  notes,three  gold  chains,  and  a  quan quantity  tity quantity  of  miscellaneous  property.  My  writing  desk  was  also  broken  open.  The  value  of  the  property  was  about  £3OO.  Mr.  Draper  recalled  :  Said  he  had  not  been  able  to  meet  with  the  prisoner  since  August,  when  he  called  on  him,  until  last  Saturday.  Witness  wassoing  through  a  court  in  Brewer Brewerstreet,  street, Brewerstreet,  when  he  met  the  prisoner  and  stopped  him,  saying,  thought  he  had  the  pleasure  of  knowing  The  prisoner  said,  had  met  him  before,  but  could  not  tell  Witness  mentioned  the  visit  of  him  and  his  friend  Scott  to  his  house,  and  said  he  should  like  to  know  some something  thing something  more  about  this  Scott.  The  prisoner  said  he  would  take  him  to  Mr.  Scott.  Witness  said  he  should  like  a  police-constable  to  go  with  them,  and  told  prisoner  to  walk  with  him  to  the  station-honse  and  explain  what  appeared  to  be  suspicious  in  his  proceedings.  The  prisoner  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  him  to  the  station-house.  •  Inspector  Lester  detailed  a  conversation  in  the  station stationhouse  house stationhouse  with  the  prisoner.  The  prisoner  asked  Mr.  Draper  if  he  was  promised  a  gra gratuity  tuity gratuity  for  introducing  a  lodger.  Mr.  Draper  said  yes.  The  prisoner  then  began  to  examine  the  girl  as  to  his  identity,  apparently  not  aware  he  had  himself  established  his  identity  by  his  questions  to  Mr.  Draper.  A  chisel  and  bag  used  commonly  by  housebreakers,  were  found  in  his  posession.  Remanded  till  Monday  next."
