text
"MAII  I  is  now  reduced  in  price  (though  not  in  siz.  TWOPENCE,  UNSTA.MPED  ;  THREEPENCE,  STAMPED  The  DAILY  MAIL  contains  all  the  News  of  the  day,  condensed  and  selected  from  the  principal  newspapers,  as  well  as  correspondence  from  the  various  districts  cf  the  country.  To  Local  News  of  every  kind  a  large  space  is  devoted;  and  it  contains  exclusively  the  Latest  Intelli Intelligence  gence Intelligence  from  all  parts  ofthe  Continent  received  by  Submarine  Telegraph,  generally  a  day  in  advance  of  other  papers  It  has  been  for  some  years  the  leading  and  most  influentia  Journal  in  the  West  of  Scotland,  and  has  at  present  a  cir circulation  culation circulation  greater  than  that  of  some  of  the  London  Morning  Journals  ;  but  as  a  large  increase  will  result  from  the  re reduction  duction reduction  in  price,  no  better  medium  exists  for  such  Adver Advertisements  tisements Advertisements  as  are  addressed  to  the  wealthy  and  influential  classes  of  Glasgow,  and  the  wide-spread,  populous  manufacturing  districts  aronn,d  and  dependent  upon  the  western  Capital._  •  To  all  places  where  Railway  or  Steamboat  facilities  ex.  tend,  arrangements  will  be  made  to  send  the  DAILY  MAIL  in  parcels,  Unstamped  ;  but  if  the  post-office  is  used  for  transmission,  the  Papers  must  be  stamped,  which  will,  however  entitle  them  to  retransmission  as  o  ft  en  as  d  es  i  red  fora  limited  period  after  Publication.  The  price  Of  the  NORTH  BRITISH  DAILY  MAIL  will  be—  Unstamped,  Stamped,  In  Advance.  In  Advance.  For  a  Quarter,...  —l4s.  6d.  l3s,  ......21s.  6d.  ......  20s.  ~  a  Half-year,  ...295.  26s.  43s.  4os.  „  a  Year,........  575.  ..525.  B6s.  Bos.  A  first-class  Daily  Paper  can  thus  be  had  for  a  shillinr  a  week,  and  to  a  club  of  lour  the  cost  will  be  only  thre  .  pence  each.  Orders  received  al  the  MAIL  Offices Offices-102  -102 Offices-102  to  114,  UNION  STREET,  GI,  A  SGos4'.  T  4,  SOUTH  ST  ANDREW  STREET,  EDINBURM'  And  by  all  Counf  ry  Nplos-astanot."
