text
"NE The  threatened  strike  of  the  Tyne  seamen,  which  at  one  time  caused  a  considerable  amount  of  uneasiness,  seems  now  entirely  abandoned.  The  termination  of  what  looked  very  like  a  serious  embroilment  of  the  employed  and  the  em employer  ployer employer  is  due  to  the  men  theinselves,  in  courageously  taking  their  own  affairs  into  their  own  hand  s  ,  an  d  deciding  adversely  to  the  views  of  a  parcel  of  noisy  and  interested  delegates  and  secretaries.  If  these  men  had  had  their  own  way  the  trade  of  the  port  would  have  been  brought  to  a  standstill.  Though  a  truce  has  thus  been  declared  between  the  owners  and  the  seamen,  there  is  little  doubt  the  former  will  take  every  opportunity  to  weaken  the  union,  for  the  rules  and  regulations  issued  by  the  delegates  with  regard  to  the  employment  of  sailors  on  board  of  ships  seem  to  be  intoler intolerable  able intolerable  to  the  owners,  and  will  be  resisted  at  every  opportunity.  I  'Despatches  were  sent  off  on  Saturday  evening  to  the  Go Governors  vernors Governors  of  Malta,  Hong  Bong,  Ceylon,  Gibraltar,  and  the  Lord  High  Commissioner  of  the  lonian  Islands.]  PARIS,  FRIDAY.  —The  Bank  of  France  has  resolved  that  the  rate  of  discount  is  not  to  be  raised.  The  advances  on  Railway  Shares  are  to  be  reduced  from  60  to  50  per  cent.,  and  the  advances  on  obligations  are  fixed  at  70  per  cent.  0  DESSA,  7th.—Continued STYLE=superscript  animation  in  grain,  and  most  extensive  business  done.  The  purchases  during  the  week  ending  October  4th  were  100,000  qrs  and  on  the  two  following  days  they  reached  65,000  qrs.,  about  25,000  of  which  were  for  the  Neapolitan  government.  Prices  still  tended  upwards,  and  freights  were  as  light  as  ever.  Scarcity  of  ship  s  caused  two  Russian  ships  to  be  chartered  at  a  deduction  of  about  25  per  cent.  - STYLE=superscript  to  compensate  the  right  of  capture.  GREAT  FIRE  AT  EXETER.  —One  of  the  most  destructive  fires  known  in  this  city  for  the  last  30  years  occurred  on  Thursday  night  in  the  premises  known  as  Scotland  House,  arid  etzended  from  Fore-street  into  Westgate.  The  stock  in  Scotland  House  alone  was  valued  at  upwards  of  £3OOO,  Which  was  entirely  destroyed.  The  totardamage  however,  is  far  beyond  that  sum."
