text
"had  met  with  On  a  former  occasion  he  had  the  honour  of  being  entertained  here,  after  the  settlement  of  the  last  eastern  question,  and  he  little  expected  then  that  he  should  be  on  that  platform  to  denounce  Russia  for  her  infamous  attack  upon  Turkey.  (Hear,  hear)  had  been  at  Manchester  He  be-  lieved  they  all  kneW,  perfectly  well,  that  this  was  not  the  first  attack  that  had  been  made  on  Turkey  since  the  year  1815.  The  first  question  that  disturbed  Turkey  was  the  Greek  insurrection.  After  much  massacre  and  confusion  the  powers  of  Europe  at  ►ast  put  an  ens  to  tnat,  ana  placed  a  king  on  the  throne  of  Greece.  But  the  destruction  of  the  Turkish  fleet  laid  her  prostrate  at  the  feet  of  Russia.  And  shortly  after  the  settlement  of  the  last  question  Russia  de declared  clared declared  war  against  T►trkey.  After  meeting  with  reverses,  itch  as  he  hoped  she  had  met  with  at  the  tussia  was  obliged  to  retire  to  Shum  in  Bulgaria.  Bu  the  following  ie'ar  she  set  her  foot  on  Adrianople.  The  British  fleet  then  took  up  a  position  in  Besika  Bay.  (Hear,  hear.)  Lord  Palmerston  called  on  Russia  to  halt,  and  she  halted,  and  Turkey  had  peace.  (Cheers.)  A  third  attack  was  made  on  Turkey  by  her  own  Pacha,  Mehemet  Ali,  after  assisting  his  sovereign  in  the  affair  of  the  insurrection  of  Greece.  Again  England  came  forward  and  Turkey  was  again  saved.  He  had  the  honor  of_taking  a  part  in  the  war-  like  operations  of  that  period.  (Hear,  and  cheers.)  In  a  very  short  time  Mehemet  Ali  was  driven  back  to  Egypt,  and  Turkey  was  again  restored  to  peace  and  tranquillity.  He  did  not  wish  to  make  complaint  of  the  conduct  of  Turkey,  or  to  speak  of  her  ingratitude,  but  she  did  not  give  to  the  Christians  in  Syria  what  she  promised.  And  he  hoped  that  if  she  succeeded  now,  in  her  present  struggle  against  Rus Russia,  sia, Russia,  she  would  pay  due  attention  to  her  Christian  subjects,  and  thus  deprive  Russia  of  any  pretence  for  interfering  with  her  again.  (Cheers.)  Well,  in  1839,  the  Sultan  granted  to  Turkey  her  Magna  Charta.  He  did  not  mean  to  say  that  that  bad  been  thoroughly  carried  out,  as  it  ought  to  have  been,  but  the  Turkish  government  had  done  a  great  deal,  and  had  greatly  improved  her  army,  her  navy,  and  her  finan finances  ces finances  since  1841.  (Hear,  and  cheers.)  And  had  she  been  permitted  to  go  on  unmolested,  she  would,  in  his  opinion,  soon  have  occupied  a  very  respectable  position  amongst  the  nations.  (Hear,  hear.)  But  Russia  and  Austria  found  great  fault  with  Turkey  for  exercising  her  hospitality,  and  giving  protection  to  the  unfortunate  Hungarian  refugees.  (Loud  cheers.)  That  undoubtedly  caused  a  remonstrance  from'Rus from'Russia  sia from'Russia  and  from  Austria.  Upon  that  Lord  Palmerston  came  forward  again,  and  told  them  to  be  quiet.  (Loud  cheers.)  The  fleats  were  again  sent  to  Besika  Bay,  and  they  had  the  effect  of  causing  Russia  and  Austria  to  take  care.  (Hear,  hear.)  That  led  him  to  the  present  question,  passing  over  some  small  affairs,  such  as  the  rebellion  of  the  Montene Montenegrins,  grins, Montenegrins,  which  he  believed  was  in  a  great  measure  caused  by  the  instigation  of  Russia  ;  and  Austria  came  for forward  ward forward  with  the  old  story  about  the  danger  to  be  apprehended  from  the  refugees.  Russia  and  Austria  sent  missions  to  Constantinople  under  various  pretexts.  Prince  Menschikoff  was  at  last  sent  to  Constantinople  by  the  Czar  of  Russia  with  an  impudent  message  for  the  purpose  of  intimidating  a  weaker  power.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  minister  at  Constan Constantinople  tinople Constantinople  at  the  time  became  alarmed,  and  he  called  the  fleet  up,  as  usual,  to  Besika  Bay;  but  the  admiral  who  com commanded  manded commanded  the  fleet  at  Malta  wisely  and  properly  did  not  think  it  his  duty  to  act  upon  the  request.  The  Baltic  would  have  been  open  in  a  month,  where  the  Russians  had  a  fleet  of  twenty-seven  sail  of  the  line,  and  the  British  force  by  sea  was  not  what  it  ought  to  have  been.  He  did  not  blame  the  government  so  much  for  that  as  he  blamed  the  Peace  Society.  (Great  cheering.)  He  then  referred  to  the  letter  written  by  the  late  Duke  of  Wellington  in  1848,  in  which  he  pointed  out  the  nakedness  of  the  land  in  the  defi deficiency  ciency deficiency  of  the  means  of  defence  both  in  the  army  and  navy.  But  if  we  then  had  had  the  fleet  which  we  have  now,  with  a  small  addition  to  it,  and  Russia  had  thought  fit  to  menace  Turkey,  this  country  might  have  said,  that  the  Mediterranean  fleet  should  go  to  Constantinople,  and  that  the  channel  fleet  should  hold  a  - STYLE=superscript  review,  not  at  Spithead,  but  in  the  Baltic.  (Loud  and  renewed  cheers.)  After  noticing  that  more  ri rigorous  gorous rigorous  steps  had  not  been  taken  by  the  government  , STYLE=superscript  of  this  country,  when  they  did  get  their  fleet  up,  he  admitted  the  season  was  far  advanced,  and  that  operations  on  the  Baltic  were  impossible  for  the  ice.  He  had  said  that  Russia  had  sent  a  most  impudent  messuage  to  Constantinople,  and  the  manifesto  of  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  on  the  declaration  of  war  by  Russia  on  Turkey  was  more  impudent  still.  (Cheers.)  Those  gentlemen  who  had  examined  treaties  would  readily  see  that  there  never  was  such  impudent  and  insulting  lan language  guage language  used  by  one  nation  towards  another,  as  had  been  used  by  Russia  towards  Turkey.  (Cheers.)  Let  him  now  con consider  sider consider  what  would  be  the  consequences  to  Europe  if  Russia  remained  in  the  Danubian  Principalities.  He  believed  that  about  sixty  years  ago  there  was  a  distance  of  nearly  two  hundred  miles  between  the  territories  of  Austria  and  Russia.  If  they  looked  at  the  map  they  would  find  that  now  they  ran  alongside  each  other  for  about  five  hundred  miles;  and  if  Russia  retained  possession  of  the  Danubian  Provinces,  that  line  of  frontier  would  be  nearly  doubled.  Let  Russia  once  be  fixed  in  the  principalities,  and  then  the  desire  of  her  ambition  would  be  more  territory  and  more  power.  If  the  powers  of  Europe  allowed  Russia  to  possess  those  Principali Principalities  ties Principalities  she  would  not  then  be  content.  That  would  be  contrary  to  human  nature  and  to  all  that  had  taken  place  since  the  creation  of  the  world,  and,  if  unchecked  Russia  would  go  on  until  she  got  to  Constantinople,  and  then  a  pretty  position  she  would  be  in  with  the  numerous  seas  and  territories  at  her  command.  And  she  would  never  rest  satis satisfied  fied satisfied  without  stretching  out  her  brawny  arms  in  the  hope  that  Europe  would  fall  within  her  embrace.  (Hear,  hear.)  And  supposing  she  got  Europe  within  her  power,  did  they  think  she  would  stop  there.  If  the  Russians  get  to  Constan Constantinople'  tinople' Constantinople'  what  was  to  hinder  them  from  marching  from  th  at STYLE=superscript  city  to  Egypt,  and  if  they  got  to  Egypt  then  what  was  to  be become  come become  of  the  passa  g  e  to  India  ?  And  then  how  was  the  trade  of  this  country  to  be  carried  on  with  India,  and  how  were  goods  to  be  sent  to  India  ?  We  should  have  to  turn  again  to  the  passage  of  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope;  but  at  DAILY  TIMES.  tv  of  I  hown  t  ge  of  the  Isthmus  of  Suez,  ,e  duty  of  ii  Fran  .ear,  hear  would  6  ;  'every  1  he  very  much  )rry  to  say  that  we  should  not  get  The  navy  had  governn  reat  cr  1.)  But"
