text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  been  led  into  error,  it  would  be  a  hard  case  to  fix  upon  him  penalties.  All  he  (Mr.  Heels)  wanted,  was  that  the  council  should  keep  themselves  in  a  straight  course,  as  far  as  might  be.  He  thought  they  would  stultify  themselves  by  accepting  the  resignation  of  an  office  which  had  never  been  filled.  He  should  content  himself  with  nrm,c4-1,,,..  -a  at.  -  _  tency  ot  the  council  to  entertain  the  question.  handed  up  a  protest  to  the  above  effect  to  the  mayor.)  Mr.  Councillor  SANKEY  having  made  a  few  remarks,  and  the  mayor  one  or  two  observations  in  explanation,  the  motion  was  carried  without  a  dissentient  voice.  (He  then  steamer  not  only  did  not  act  in  obedience  to  the  directions  of  I  the  pilot,  but  acted  directly  contrary  to  them.  Several  witnesses  were  examintd'for  the  defence,  to  prove  that  the  steamer  could  not  have  gone  astern  of  the  schooner  ;  but  that  the  schooner,  by  putting  up  her  helm,  and  lifting  witness  who  was  on  board  the  steamer,  stated  that  in  his  opinion  the  order  of  the  pilot  in  the  brig  was  not  heard  in  the  steamer.  His  HONOR  :  My  present  impression  is  that  the  steamer  ought  to  have  given  way,  and  have  gone  astern  of  the  schooner,  and  that  it  was  the  duty  of  the  pilot  in  the  brig  to  direct,  and  of  the  master  in  the  steam-tug  to  obey.  It  is  a  plain,  common  principle,  which  we  all  understand,-  that  a  vessel  with  a  steam  tug  is  more  under  command  than  a  sail-  ing  vessel.  A  sailing  vessel  must  regulate  her  course  ac according  cording according  to  the  wind,  and  cannot  depart  from  it,  or  change  it  so  readily  as  a  steamer  can.  His  Honor  then  said  he  would  look  over  the  Admiralty  regulations,  and  give  judgment  in  the  case  on  Monday  next.  BOYLB  V.  CHAP.MAN.—In  this  case  Mr.  Hull  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Chilton  for  the  defendant.  It  was  an  action  brought  against  Mr.  H.  C.  Chapman,  the  receivers  of  Admiralty  droits  in  this  port.  The  plaintiff,  Captain  Boyle,  was  master  of  an  American  vessel,  the  Ticonderamo  and  the  action  was  brought  by  him  to  recove  r  £3  B  s  .  which  been  paid  to  defendant,  but  for  which  he  contended  he  was  not  liable.  It  was  stated  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff,  that  the  Ticonderago  came  int  o  p  or  t  somewhat  injured  after  a  col collison  lison collison  at  sea,  and  was  about  going  into  dock,  and  had  left  her  anchor  in  the  river.  Cnnt.  Boyle  sent  his  men  to  br4  _  sia.  mg  up  the  ancho  r  ,  b  u  t  th  e  y  were  driven  away  by  a  number  of  other  men  who  insisted  on  taking  up  the  anchor.  The  anchor  was  taken  up  and  placed  in  the  Nelson  dock,  and  Mr.  Chap Chapman  man Chapman  sent  a,  bill  to  Captain  Boyle  for  £3  Bs.,  as  commission  and  porterage  on  lifting  the  anchor.  He  at  first  refused  to  pay  it,  but,  finally,  having  to  go  to  sea,  he  had  to  pay  it,  besides  £l5  to  the  men  who  took  it,  which  his  own  men  would  have  done  for  £5,  and  which,  accordingly  would  be  made  the  subject  of  a  separate  action.  Evidence  was  given  for  the  plaintiff,  from  which  it  appeared  that  the  anchor  had  been  fastened  to  a  boom,  which  served  as  a  buoy,  and  that  the  men  on  coming  next  morning  found  the  boom  gone,  and  the  men  who  carried  away  the  anchor  engaged  in  lifting  it.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  it  was  stated  that  the  anchor  was  found  by  those  parties  who  were  dredging  for  another  anchor,  and  that  there  was  no  buoy  attached  to  it  at  the  time.  Mr.  Hull  argued  that  there  was  no  right  on  the  part  of  the  Admiralty  officers  to  claim  compensation  upon  any  arti article  cle article  which  did  not  appear  to  have  belonged  to  a  wreck,  and  came  under  the  heads  of  flattsom,  jettsam,  derelict,  the  old  phrases,  which  signified  articles  which  had  floated  ashore,  had  been  cast  out  of  a  sinking  vessel,  or  had  been  left  as  waifs.  Mr.  Hull  cited  several  legal  authorities  bearing  out  his  view  of  the  question.  His  HONOR  asked  if  Mr.  Chilton  contended  that  a  vessel  having  left  her  anchor,  with  a  buoy  attached  to  it,  in  the  river,  for  the  purpose  of  returning  at  a  certain  time  to  re remove  move remove  it,  and  that  during  the  night  the  buoy  became  detatched,  that  then  the  anchor  became  derelict  ?  And,  also,  whether,  it  not  being  derelict,  but  reported  to  the  receiver  as  such—whether,  in  that  event,  he  had  a  right  to  treat  it  as  such,  and  obtain  his  commission'on  it  ;  CHTT.TtIy  rtvnliorl  +l3n+  1  11,.;  ULU.  ,  uil66  le  LIG  tI.IICLIOT,  the  circumstances  stated,  was  derelict;  and  that  whether  it  was  derelict  or  not,  so  long  as  it  was  reported  such  to  the  receiver,  he  was  entiled  to  treat  it  as  a  derelict,  and  recover  his  commission."
