text
",  --  1  efforts  of  the  crew  fail  e  d  i  n  getting  her  t  and  luggars  from  this  p  ,0011  t  put  off  to  the  rescue  the  unfortunate  creatures  u.  ...._  Is  possible  after  intel inteligence  igence inteligence  of  the  wreck  had  been  received,  but  we  regret  to  add  hat,  owing  to  the  boisterous  weather  which  pevailed,  the  whole  of  the  poor  fellows  on  board,  with  the  exception  of  he  captain  and  a  younc  , STYLE=superscript  man  named  Le  Fevre,  a  p  assenger  ,  )erished  before  any  of  the  craft  could  get  escue  them.  Tb  -  near  enough.  to  The  - STYLE=superscript  passenger  had  a  most  marvellous  escape  ;  contrived  to  secure  himself  to  an  afterpiece  of  the  wreck,  I  so  remained  exposed  to  the  fury  of  the  elements  the  ole  night,  and  was  not  taken  off  until  about  noon  on  He  was  much  exhausted  when  Jeedily  commenced  to  break  up,  and  portions  of  ier  cargo  have  been  picked  up  and  brought  in  here.  None  )f  the  bodies  have  been  cast  ashore  as  yet.  _  emale  Auxiliary  to  the  Scottish  Refoimation  Society,  held  at  Edinburgh  on  Tuesday  afternoon,  a  resolution  expressive  of  thanksgiving  of  God  for  the  liberation  of  Mi  ss  Cunning Cunninghame  hame Cunninghame  from  a  Tuscan  prison  was  adopted.  The  Rev.  IV  Main,  who  stated  that  Miss  Cunninghame  wa  member  of  xis  congregation;vindicated  her  conduct  from  the  insinua-  read  several  letters  from  her,  descriptive  of  her  feelings  under  the  persecution  of  the  Duke  of  Tuscany,  and  proving  that  it  was  through  necessity,  arising  from  family  matters,  that  that  lady  had  gone  abroad.  So  far  from  courting  notoriety,  or  the  horrors  of  martyrdom,  she  had  avoided,  as  far  as  she  could,  every  occasion  which  could  expose  her  to  the  hOstility  of  foreign  governments  wh  en  s  h  e  was  w  i  t  hi  n  their  :lig  the  rateable  pr  in  1843  it  was  threepence  in  the  pound  would  provid  school  education,  equal  to  that  in  the  common  school  of  the  United  States.  to  865,3  k  ACCIDENT  TO  MADAME  SONTAG.  —As  Madame  Sontag  was  returning  from  her  concert  in  Brooklyn,  on  Friday  evening,  she  reached  the  end  of  the  ferry  wharf  before  the  boat  was  made  fast.  Misjudging  the  distance  of  the  boat,  she  at attempted  tempted attempted  to  step  on  board,  but  missed  her  footing,  and  fell  into  the  water.  A  gentleman  jumped  in  after  her,  and  kept  her  from  being  crushed  between  the  boat  and  the  br  i  dge.  In  falling  her  body  was  scratched,  and  one  foot  seriously  bruised.—New  York  paper.  )le  murd  •esided  with  her  her,  a  la  teen.  On  Tuesday  the  mother  and  brother  went  out  to  work,  and  left  the  girl  at  home  in  care  of  a  lonely  cottage,  situ situated  ated situated  in  the  parish  of  Cutcombe,  near  Dunster,  Somerset.  There  are  two  dwellings  under  the  same  roof  ;  the  other  being  occupied  by  an  old  woman  more  than  eighty  years  of  age,  who,  on  Tuesday  morning,  about  ten  o'clock,  saw  a  young  man  named  Baily,  in  the  house  with  the  girl.  He  soon  after  left  the  house,  and  did  not  again  return.  On  the  return  of  the  mother  and  brother,  they  made  a  search  for  the  girl,  and  at  last  found  her  in  an  old  barn  close  by,  with  her  throat  cut,  and  quite  dead.  The  man  Baily  is  in  custody.  A  SCENE  AT  CASSEL—Herr  Hassenpflug,  since  1850  the  Electors  of  Hesse's  Prime  Minister,  has  again  been  the  chief  actor  in  and  the  victim  of  a  scandalous  scene.  On  the  occasion  of  the  annual  shooting  expedition  in  honor  of  St.  Hubertus,  the  patron  of  German  sportsmen,  Herr  Has Hassenpflug  senpflug Hassenpflug  quarrelled  with  Count  Yseuburg,  the  Elector's  son-in-hw.  In  the  course  of  the  evening  of  the  same  day  the  Count  proceeded  to  Herr  Hassenpflug's  house,  to  de demand  mand demand  an  explanation  of  certain  expressions  which  had  escaped  his  Excellency's.  lips  in  the  dispute.  Herr  Has-  senpflug  was  at  the  tfieatre,and  to  the  theatre  the  Count  followed  him,  and  inviting  him  to  come  out,  he  took  him  into  the  public  square,  where  he  made  a  peremptory  de demand  mand demand  for  an  explanation  and  apology.  It  appears  that  Herr  Hassenpflug  would  not  explain,  and  that  he  treated  the  proposal  to  apologize  with  the  utmost  scorn,  for  Count  Ysenburg,  who  was  accompanied  by  a  servant  holding  a  cane,  stepped  back,  took  the  cane  from  the  servant's  hand,  and  commenced  belabouring  his  Excellency,  who  cried  lustily  for  help.  His  crieds  attracted  a  crowd,  but  the  Count  prevented  the  interference  of  the  populace  by  saying,  Good  people,  I  am  Count  Ysenburg,  and  the  man  I  am  beating  is  the  Minister  Hassenpflug.'  Saying  which  he  continued  thrashing  his  unfortunate  Excellency  until  the  cane  broke  in  his  hands,  and  then  left  the  Prenlier  covered  with  blood.  The  greatest  excitement  prevails  at  Cassel,  and  the  embarrassment  of  the  Count  beggars  all  description  Count  Ysenburg  has  left  Cassel  for  Erfuft.—Koclner  Zeitunq.  A  PICTURE  FROM  THE  SCENE  OF  WAR.—ltostchuk  is  a  large  town  in  Bulgaria,  of  some  30,000  inhabitants,  situated  on  a  promontory  advancing  into  the  Danube.  From  the  roofs  of  its  houses  a  splendid  view  may  be  obtained  over  the  vast  winding  river,  'which  is  suffielently  deep  to  carry  merchantmen  of  large  size.  An  immense  number  of  vessels  are  constantly  anchored  along  the  quays.  From  a  distance  the  town  has  a  magnificent  appearance  ;  but,  as  usual,  the  streets  are  narrow,  dirty,  and  dismal.  The  lower  parts  of  the  houses,  as  is  the  case  everywhere  in  Turkey,  are  without  windows.  The  shops  are  generally  tolerably  well  supplied  with  merchandise.  Travellers  bound  for  Constantinople  hire  horses  at  this  place,  and  put  themselves  under  the  guidance  of  a  Tartar.  The  distance  to  Shumla  is  reckoned  generally  at  22  hours.  The  road  is  picturesque,  and  for  some  time  after  starting  the  Danube  remains  in  sight.  Be Between  tween Between  Siniouscha  and  Tomlak  it  is  descried,  however  for  the  last  time  from  a  lofty  table-land.  The  road  then  enters  the  valley  of  the  Lom,  bordered  on  both  sides  by  precipices  and  carpeted  with  verdure.  As  you  proceed  the  ground  rises  and  the  path  lead's  across  hills  and  vallies,  here  and  there  covered  with  brushwood.  All  this  country  is  thinly  inhabited.  Now  and  then  Bulgarian  villages  may  be  seen  in  the  distance  ;  but  on  the  road  are  only  one  or  two  solitary  khans.  The  neighbourhood  of  hidden  inhabited  places  is  indicated  by  wells  on  the  roadside,  from  which  paths  lead  up  into  the  mountains.  Women  with  jars  upon  their  heads  are  sometimes  seen  coming  down  for  water.  The  first  halt  •  a  town  inhabited  by  about  15,000  Moslems  and  a  few  Bulgarian  families.  As  a  rule  the  Chris Christians,  tians, Christians,  whose  occupations  are  almost  entirely  agricultural,  are  disseminated  in  small  villages  throughout  the  country.  Their  number  is  estimated  at  between  4,000,000  and  5,000,000.  The  Turks,  infinitely  less  numerous,  are  congre congregated  gated congregated  in  the  great  towns,  but  there  are  some  villages  here  and  there  entirely  Turkish.  As  they  are  generally  placed  in  commanding  positions,  they  are  probably  inhabited  by  descendants  of  old  military  colonies,  established  to  keep  th(  country  i  I  sub'  fhore  still  con  tinues  a  aceer  in  subjc  mof  valleys  and  hills.  The  latter  increas  nadually  in  height  until,  from  the  tableland  of  Buratlarc  heights  of  Shumla  and  the  lonz  ranee  of  the  Balkan  A  little  further  on  the  view  1  the  eye,  following  th  it  valley  of  P.  mag,m  ther  th  .uishes  in  fine  v  Sea.  Crossina.  p  bay  of  Varna  teep  range  of  hills,  by  a  commanded  by  a  recioui  y  at  T  many  such  fortifications—we  come  at  length  in  sight  of  the  great  defensive  works  of  Shumla  ,  to  reach  which  the  roa  d  makes  a  considerable  curve,—.Didoes  household  Words,"
