text
"Iffunfripai  eltrtfon.  PITT  STREET  WARD  TO  JOHN  SMITH  ESQ.,  COMMERCE-COURT,  LORD-STREET.  SlR,—The  Committee  of  Pitt-street  Ward  Reform  Asso Association  ciation Association  have  determined  to  request  .  you  to  allow  yourself  to  be  put  in  nomination  at  the  ensuing  election.  In  order  that  you  may  fully  understand  the  principles  we  wish  to  assert  and  maintain  in  our  election  contests,  and  of  which  principles  we  desire  you  to  be  the  representative,  we  enclose  for  your  perusal  all  the  circulars  and  addresses  we  have  hitherto  issued.  You  will  thus  perceive  that  it  is  solely  on  public  grounds,  and  to  promote  important  public  objects,  that  we  ask  for  your  assistance  '  •  and,  from  your  well-known  public  spirit,  we  feel  confident  that  a  sense  of  public  duty  will  induce  you  to  give  us  the  aid  of  your  name,  influence,  and  long-established  public  character,  in  our  endeavour  to  enforce  on  the  attention  of  the_  electors  generally,  but  especially  on  the  attention  of  the  electors  of  Pitt-street  Ward,  the  sound  constitutional  principles  which  we  know  you  to  hold  in  common  with  ourselves  and  all  true  reformers.  Your  name  has  been  so  long  identified  with  the  honest  and  fearless  advocacy,  through  good  report  and  evil  report,  of  liberal  and  enlightened  principles  of  government,  that  we  entertain  no  fear  of  your  declining  to  be  our  champion  from  any  childish  feeling  it  is  no  use  to  contend  against  popular  ignorance  or  We  know  well,  from  our  recollection  of  your  past  conduct,  that  no  such  notion  will  prevent  your  advocating  a  cause  you  believe  to  be  right,  nor  any  amount  of  solicitation  induce  you  to  support  a  cause  you  think  to  be  wrong.  There  is,  we  think,  a  special  glory  in  fighting  an  up-hill  battle  in  a  good  cause.  Any  tub  will  float  away  along  with  the  current,  but  it  requires  the  innate  force  of  a  true  Briton  to  breast,  to  stem,  to  resist,  and  finally  to  overcome  a  torrent.  .  .  .  At  the  present  moment  it  is  the  universal  opinion  that  the  Liverpool  Town  Council  does  not  reflect  much  honour  upon  the  intelligence  of  the  constituency;  and  yet  we  are  now  within  ten  days  of  the  election,  and,  with  one  or  two  excep exceptions,  tions, exceptions,  there  is  no  attempt  made  to  improve  the  average.  Why  is  this  ?  The  main  cause  is  the  difficulty  the  electors  find  in  obtaining  suitable  candidates,  on  account  of  the  de degrading  grading degrading  means  that  are  required  to  be  used  to  secure  suc success.  cess. success.  As  long  as  canvassing  and  treating  be  tolerated  by  a  great  portion  of  the  electors,  fit  and  proper  will  very  naturally  hold  aloof  from  all  interference  with  election  con contests.  tests. contests.  We  think  this  is  to  be  lamented;  because,  unless  better  men  will  allow  themselves  to  be  nominated,  it  is  clear  no  better  men  can  by  possibility  be  elected.  We  hope  to  see  the  time  when,  in  every  ward,  and  on  every  occasion,  men  of  high  character,  competent  ability,  and  of  all  shades  of  political  opinion,  when  asked,  will  intimate  their  willingness  to  serve,  if  elected,  and  then  leave  the  matter  altogether  in  the  hands  of  the  electors—using  no  means  to  influence  the  election,  either  by  flattery,  bribery,  or  treating.  Holding,  as  we  do,  that  every  form  of  personal  solicita solicitation  tion solicitation  for  a  public  trust  is  alike  disgraceful  to  the  candidate  and  insulting  to  every  voter  who  has  the  slightest  particle  of  self-respect,  we  shall  (in  the  event  of  your  consenting  to  place  your  services  at  the  disposal  of  your  fellow-citizens)  only,  ask  you  to  announce  to  them  your  readiness  to  dis discharge  charge discharge  the  duties  of  a  town-councillor,  if  by  the  choice  of  the  electors  you  should  be  appointed  to  a  post  of  such  honour  and  responsibility.  I  am,  Sir,  your  obedient  servant,  W.  M'MILLEN,  Chairman.  Committee-room,  Surrey-street,  Oct.  21,  1853."
