text
"MURDER  OF  A  LIVERPOOL  POLICE  OFFICER.  Yesterday,  an  inquest  was  held  before  Mr.  P.  F.  Curry,  the  borough  coroner,  on  the  body  of  Richard  Sunderland,  police  officer,  No.  732,  who  was  stabbed  on  the  previous  day  by  a  young  man  named  Thomas  Copeland,  in  Cavendish Cavendishstreet,  street, Cavendishstreet,  under  the  circumstances  detailed  in  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMILS  of  yesterday.  After  the  jury  was  sworn  they  Proceeded  to  view  the  body,  and  immediately  after  the  follow following  ing following  witnesses  were  examined.  Copeland,  who  was  in  cus custody  tody custody  at  the  time  he  stabbed  Sunderland,  is  a  youth  apparently  not  more  than  18  years  of  age,  of  small  stature,  and  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  repulsive  appearance.  Some  time  since  he  was  tried  and  convicted  for  stabbing  his  brother  with  a  shoemaker's  knife,  and  sentenced  to  three  months  imprisonment.  He  was  present  during  the  proceedings,  in  the  custody  of  the  police,  Jonathan  Evans,  publican,  Cavendish-street,  said  he  knew  the  deceased,  Richard  Sunderland.  The  municipal  election  took  place  yesterday.  Was  in  the  neighbourhood  of  Cavendish Cavendishstreet,  street, Cavendishstreet,  in  Shaw's  public-house,  Scotland-road,  about  three  o'clock.  Three  of  us  went  into  the  house,  one  afterwards  went  away,  (we  were  to  wait  there  for  a  voter.)  Alter  being  there  some  time,  a  great  many  persons,  about  ten  or  a  dozen,  assembled  about  the  door.  Thomas  Copeland,  the  pri prisoner,  soner, prisoner,  came  into  the  house,  and  asked  the  witness  for  some  drink.  The  others  had  gathered  round  the  tap  outside.  When  he  walked  in,  he  called  witness  by  name,  and  threatened  him  if  he  did  not  give  him  drink.  Witness  remonstrated  with  the  prisoner,  and  begged  of  him  to  leave  the  house,  b  u  t  t  o  no  pur purpose,  pose, purpose,  and,  apprehending  a  disturbance,  he  advised  Mrs.  Shaw  to  send  for  the  police.  He  went  himself  to  fetch  them  through  a  side  door,  as  he  feared  to  go  by  the  front  door,  the  men  being  around  it.  He  met  an  officer  on  the  road,  who  told  him  he  had  better  go  to  Marybone  for  more,  and  proceeding  there  he  brought  two  officers  with  him  to  the  house  ;  the  same  lot  of  rough  lads  were  still  about  the  door,  and  the  prisoner  amongst  them,  taking  a  prominent  part  in  the  proceedings.  The  police  told  them  to  disperse,  and  then  drove  them  on  towards  the  town.  They  went,  but  prisoner  hung  back  very  much,  Wit Witness  ness Witness  turned  his  back  to  come  away,  and  whilst  he  did  so,  the  crowd  went  up  an  entry,  and  witness  heard  a  noise.  He  went  to  see  what  was  the  matter,  when  he  saw  the  prisoner  brought  down  the  entry  by  the  officer  struggling  very  hard.  He  saw  hi  m  from  the  bottom  of  the  street  strike  one  of  the  officers  several  times,  and  soon  after  there  was  a  cry  that  one  of  the  police  was  killed.  He  then  went  away.  Mr.  Corner,  of  Chisenhall-street,  corroborated  the  first  wit witness'  ness' witness'  statement,  with  respect  to  the  threatening  language  to  Mr.  Evans,  by  prisoner.  He  saw  that  officers,  63,  and  94,  whom  he  identified  in  the  Court,  were  the  two  Mr.  Evans  brought  up  from  Whitechapel.  William  Thornton,  inspector  of  scavengers,  was  in  Scotland Scotlandroad  road Scotlandroad  on  yesterday  evening.  Some  parties  said  they  were  going  to  the  corner  of  Edgar-street.  Witness  followed  them  quietly.  Saw  a  number  of  people  standing  at  the  corner  of  Edgar  -street.  Saw  officers  bringing  prisoners  front  the  corner  of  Edward-street  to  Cavendish  street.  Another  party  of  officers  were  engaged  in  dispersing  the  party  at  the  corner  of  Edgar  -street.  Saw  the  pri prisoner  soner prisoner  there.  Most  of  the  others  went  away  quietly  when  ordered  by  the  officers  to  do  so,  with  the  exception  of  prisoner.  They  cameto  Cavendish-street.  Prisoner  after  striking  Walsh  ran  up  No.  8  Court,  Cavendish  street.  Witness  assisted  Walsh  in  ap apprehending  prehending apprehending  the  prisoner.  A  struggle  took  place  between  Walsh  and  prisoner  at  the  bottom  of  the  stairs  in  the  house  where  they  apprehended  him,  and  then  Walsh  called  the  deceased,  Sun Sunderland,out  derland,out Sunderland,out  of  the  street  to  his  assistance.  The  deceased  took  hold  of  prisoner  by  the  collar,  and  'Walsh,  on  the  left  side,  held  him  by  the  hand  and  collar,  so  that  prisoner's  right  hand  was  at  liberty.  Witness  walked  behind  them,  and  deceased's  brother  walked  behind,  advising  his  brother  to  go  ,  quietly.  They  walked  on  in  this  way  till  they  came  to  the  parapet.  No  one  else  was  near  them.  When  they  reached  tire  bottom  of  the  entry,  witness  turned  round  to  put  back  the  crowd  that  was  standing  there  and  heard  some  one  cry  He  turned  to  look,  and  saw  the  blood  running  out  of  deceased's  trowsers  bottom.  Saw  prisoner  struggle,  and  jumped  and  got  hold  of  him.  Deceased  let  go  prisoner,  and  staggered  three  or  four  yards  back  on  the  edge  of  the  path.  Witness  went  along  with  Walsh  to  Bridewell  with  prisoner.  Saw  the  deceased  afterwards  at  the  Dispensary.  From  the  position  the  parties  were  in  it  would  be  impossible  that  deceased's  brother  could  have  given  the  blow.  Patrick  'Walsh,  (officer  63,)  gave  evidence  to  the  ,  same  effect.  James  Byrnes,  (office  94,)  corroborated  all  the  principal  statements  of  the  last  two  witnesses,  but  he,  no  more  that  andhthi  l  e  l  y  fall.  sawhe  died  e  Aede  b  si  l  ins  o  t  w  eadb  o  c  iin  t  i  u  t  allycata,irrizsitiguinck  him;  he  estaof  s  te  a  r  w  h  the  g  t  deit  e  stpi  d  ne  e  gn  c  s  e  a  z  yt  o  o  d  i  nth  staggere  Rose-  dis dispensary.  pensary. dispensary.  - STYLE=superscript  He  never  spoke  after  they  raised  him  up.  Elizabeth  Atkinson,  examined.---Was  in  Cavendish  -street  about  2  o'clock  on  Tuesday  afternoon,  saw  two  policemen  bring  a  man  out  of  a  court  there.  [ldentified  prisoner  as  the  man.]  He  was  struggling  with  the  officers;  the  policeman  who  is  dead  and  another,  had  hold  of  prisouer  one  on  each  side,  and  he  had  one  hand  at  liberty.  Observed  him  put  the  hand  which  he  had  at  liberty  into  his  pocket,  and  afterwards  made  thrust  at  the  deceased  ;  observed  blood  immediately  gush  down  deceased's  trowsers.  He  said  something  which  witness  could  not;  hear;  and  he  immediately  let  loose  his  hold  of  the  She  ran  and  offered  to  staunch  the  blood.  He  said  the  Lord  bless  my  and  fell  back  against  the  shutter.  Witness  said  it  was  with  the  lett  hand  that  prisoner  struck  the  deceased.  Mary  Ann  Yorke,  a  very  intelligent  little  girl  eight  years  old,  was  examined  as  to  the  nature  of  an  oath,  and  then  related  she  knew  the  prisoner,  Tom  Copeland,  ho  lodges  in  the  same  house  with  her,  in  a  court  off  Cavendish  -street.  He  came  run runing  ing runing  into  the  house  in  a  great  hurry  abont  2  o'clock  on  Tuesday  afternoon.  One  of  the  blues  came  in  after  him.  Saw  a  knife  lying  on  the  table  just  before  he  came  in.  [ldentifies  the  knife  on  the  table.]  It  belonged  to  the  woman  doWn  stairs.  The  prisoner  took  hold  of  the  knife  and  put  it  in  his  pocket.  A  second  officer  came  in  and  they  took  him  out  of  the  house,  and  witnesss  followed  into  the  court,  While  the  police  took  him  in  the  conrt  she  saw  the  prisoner  stab  the  deceased  with  . STYLE=superscript  a  knife  which  he  held  in  his  hand,  and  he  fell.  Ann  Turner,  anothor  chid,  deposed  to  seeing  the  beginning  of  the  affair,  and  to  being  witness  to  the  prisoner  sticking  the  knife  into  the  deceased's  side;  she  described  the  manner  in  which  the  stab  was  made,  by  taking  up  a  pen  in  her  hand.  The  blow  was  a  back-handed  one.  Sarah  Walters  deposed  that  she  saw  prisoner  in  the  hands  of  the  police,  and  saw  the  prisoner  draw  the  knife  from  his  pocket  and  throw  it  away.  _  Ann  Evans,  was  in  Cavendish-street  yesterday,  and  saw  a  man  take  a  knife  out  of  his  pocket  and  stab  the  officer.  She  would  not  know  that  man  again.  James.  Williams,  is  an  inspector  of  police,  he  got  the  knife  now  produced  in  the  house  where  Copeland  lived  ;  a  person,  who  said  she  was  his  sister,  was  washing  it.  She  threw  the  knife  away  as  soon  as  she  saw  witness  ;  there  were  no  marks  of  blood  on  it  when  witness  took  charge  of  it.  John  C.  Somers.—ls  house-surgeon  to  the  St.  Ann's_dispen Ann's_dispensary,  sary, Ann's_dispensary,  Rose-hill.  Was  there  soon  after  the  deceased  w•as  bronght  in.  Ho  was  dead  when  witness  saw  him.  He  discovered  an  incised  wound  in  the  upper  part  of  his  left  thigh,  upwards  of  three  inches  in  depth,  and  nearly  three  inches  long.  Has  since  made  a  port-mortem  examination,  and  has  found  his  death  had  been  caused  by  hemorrhage,  from  the  femoral  artery  — STYLE=superscript  of  The STYLE=superscript  the  which  was  nearly  divided.  The  wound  was  inflicted  by  a  wshaasrpa  healthyd  imnsatnr.  B  name  njmien STYLE=superscript  c  e  aRs  Ride,  divisional  ument.  In  all  other  respects  the  deceased  d  S  S  u  p  u  e  n  r  d  i  e  n  r  t  l  e  a  n  n  d  d  a  ,  n  t  h  of  e  was  P  o  l  o  i  c  n  e  e  .  police  force.  Prisoner  examined  his  sister  Mary  Copeland  as  to  wh  a  t  s  h  e  o  a STYLE=superscript  fd  aR  e  ar  was  doing  when  Inspector  Williams  came  in  at  3  o'clock.  She  swore  he  searched  the  prisoner's  house  wtih  others,  and  got  the  knife  and  threw  it  behind  the  fire,  then  he  took  it  up  again  and  laid  it  on  the  table.  The  witness  was  taken  herself.  She  can  prove  that  it  is  not  the  knife,  and  other  people  living  in  the  house  can  do  the  same.  The  coroner  in  summing  up  the  evidence,  took  occasion  to  say  that  he  was  sorry  to  find  that  the  crime  of  stabbing  with  the  knife  was  becoming  very  frequent  in  this  country.  It  was  very  frightful  to  find  a  civilized  country  becoming  subject  to  a  practice  which  shonld  only  exist  in  a  barbarous  nation.  For  his  part  he  could  never  wish  to  see  people  going  out  to  fight  a  pitched  battle,  but  he  would  rather  see  a  hundred  persons  engaged  in  pitched  battles,  and  one  half  that  hundred  killed,  in  what  a  learned  judge  called  a  fair  stand  up  fight,  than  one  case  of  assassination  by  the  knife.  The  jury,  almost  without  any  hesitation,  returned  a  verdict  of  wilful  murder  against  Thomas  Copeland.  Inspector  Ride  mentioned  that  a  sister  of  one  of  the  young  female  witnesses,  a  Mrs.  Rolinsons,  had  complained  of  a  mob  of  low  characters  assembling  at  her  house  in  Bent-street,  near  the  scene  of  the  murder,  and  threatened  to  take  her  life  if  she  suffered  her  sister  to  give  evidence.  In  consequence  of  thil  it  was  with  difficulty  that  the  police  brought  forward  the  child  to-day.  The  Inspector  said  that  the  police  would  affored  her  every  protection,  and  the  coroner  ordered  that  the  child  should  he  sent  to  the  workhouse  till  the  time  of  the  trial,  He  warned  the  public  that  any  person  making  such  threats,  put  themselves  in  the  position  of  the  prisoner  himself;  and  became  accessories  after  the  fact.  Thomas  Copeland  was  committed  to  Kirkdale  jail."
