text
"ITALY.  The  Earl  of  Minto  passed  through  Turin  on  the  Bth  instant  en  route  to  Florence,  where  his  lordship  intends  passing  the  winter.  Letters  from  Milan  of  the  sth,  in  the  Opinione  of  Turin,  state,  that  several  persons  freth  S'wit'zerland  have  been  arrested  in  the  Tyrol.  Accounts'  from  Piedmont  and  Lombardy  •  an announce  nounce announce  a  eensiderable  increase  in  the:  price  of  bread..  •  -  A  telegraphic,  despatch  from  Turin  announces  that  the  Pontifical  Government.  has  issued  a  decree,  admitting  Corn  free  of  duty,  until  next  February.  THE  WEST  INDIA  MAIL.  [FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  SOUTHAMPTON,.  FRIDAY.  The  Royal  Mail  steam-ship  La  Plata  arrived  this  morning  at  one  o'clock  with  the  usual  West  India  MailS:..  The  latest  dates  brought  by  the  La  Plata  are,  Chagres,  Sept,  23;;  Trinidad,  25;  Jainaica,-  26;  Barbadoes,  27;  St.  Thomas,  30.  •  •  Her  passengers  amonnted  to  71,  and  her  freight  consisted  of  192,000  dollars,  £19,217  hi  - STYLE=superscript  gold,  - STYLE=superscript  167  bars.Of  silver,  169,1831  franks,  28  serons  of  Jalapa,  167  cases.  cigars,  426  bales  of  tobacco,  457  serons  of  cochineal,  and  76  packages  of  sundries.  The  news  received  by  this  mail  is  of  little  impor importance.  tance. importance.  The  fever  had  considerably  abated  at  Ja Jamaica.  maica. Jamaica.  The  following  summary  of  intelligence  we  copy  from  the  Colonial  Standard  of  Sept  20th.  The  subject  of  most  interest  is  the  Protracted  dead  loOk.  in  public  affairs,  and  the  non-arrival  of  his  ExCellency  Sir  Henry  Barkly.  On  the  occasion  of  tl*  arriVal  of  the  last  packet  from  England,  the  greatest  anxiety  was  betrayed  by  all  persons,  as  many  were  of  opinion  that  he  would  have  come  by  that  conveyance  ;  and  all  were  more  or  less  dis disappointed  appointed disappointed  when  they  learnt  that  the  Brisk,  with  Sir  Henry  on  board,  had  been  compelled  to  put  back  through  a  stress  of  weather.  A  very  large  and  highly  influential  meeting  '  was  held  in.  this  City,  on  the  13th  inst.,  and  an  address  of  congratulation  to  Sir  Henry  Barkly  adopted,  and  'committee  appointed  to  present  the  same  to  his  Excellency  on  his  assumption  of  the  govern government,  ment, government,  •  The  half  yearly  report  of  the  Bank  of  Jamaica  has'  been  recently  published,  - STYLE=superscript  and  speaks  -well  for  the  manner  in  which  local  institutions  Can  be'  con conducted,  ducted, conducted,  with  unanimity  and  co-operation.  The  . STYLE=superscript  greatest  •  confidence  in  the  management  and:  in-.  tegrity.  of  the  institution  has  been  freely  expressed,  and  several  gentlemen  of  wealth  and  influence  have  been  added  to  the  proprietary  body.:  The  new  Scrip,-  making  the  half  yearly  dividends  payable  in  London  or  Jamaica,  at  the  option  of  'the  holders,  has  been  issued.  The  usual  half  yearly  report  of  the  Jamaica  Mutual  Insurance  Company  has  been  issued  for  the  first  six  months  of  the  present  year.  It  presents  to  the.  shareholders  a  most  prosperous  'statement  of  the  affairs  of  the  company.  The  capital  invested  on  the  25th  July,  bearing  an  interest  of  6-per  cent  ,  was  £25,500.  During  the  first  half  of  the  pre preceding.  ceding. preceding.  year  three  policies  have  become  claims  , STYLE=superscript  amounting,  iii  the  whole,  to  £l,BOO.  The  amount  insured  with  the  company  is  £86,450,  the  policies  being  in  number  167  on  147  lives.  The  season  rains-continue  their  visition  on  the  I•TortliSide—though  the  seaside  estates,•  generally,  are  not,  we  regret  to  say,  participating  in  them  . STYLE=superscript  so  plentifully  as  our  planting  friends  desire.  We  are  happy  in  being  able  to  state  that  the  ravages  of  yellow  fever  have  much  The  market  at  Jamaica  had  been  inadequately  supplied,  and  in  consequence  little  businesS  had  been  done.  'Flour  was  quite  neglected.  In  the  money  market  exchanges  on  London  re realized  alized realized  at  90  days  1  per  cent.  premium;  60,  ditto  ;  30,  2  . STYLE=superscript  ditto.  At..  St.  Thomas  sickness  had  entirely  disap disappeared,  peared, disappeared,  and  a  sharp  shock  of  •an  earthquake  was  felt  on:  the  morning  of  the  19th  September.  Another  attempt  had  been  made  to  set  fire  to  Road  -Town;  Tortola,  but  fortunately  the  plot  •  was  discoVered  before  the  flames  took  effect.  The  weather  still  continues  hot,  although  a  lew•  slight  showers  of  rain  tended  somewhat  to,  cool  the  at atmosphere.  mosphere. atmosphere.  The  -La  Plata  exchanged  numbers:  with  the  American  ship,  Australia.,  on  the  10th  inst,  bound  to  the  westward,  in  lat.  45  l  i,  lon.  23  30  West.  AUSTRALIA.  We  have  received  advices  from_Melhourne,  to  the  fah  of  July,  by  which  we  learn  S  that  the  steamer  Osmanli  which  sailed  hence  on:  •  the  16th  of  April,  arrived  out  at  Melbourne,  on  the  6th  of  July...  The  diggings  still  continued  to  yield  a  fair  supply  of  gold,  and  the  miners  on  the  whole  were  doing,  well..  There  was  considerable  excitement  throughout  the  colony,  consequent  ußon  a  forgery  on  the  Union  Bank,  to  the  amount  of  .X  106,000.  Most  of  the  offenders  had  been  apprehended,  and  a  large,  portion  of  the  proceeds  of  the  forgery  recovered.  Business  generally  had  improved,  as  will  be  seen  from  the  annexed  report  of  the  mar markets.  kets. markets.  The  ship  news  will  be  found  beloW.  BLANKETS  'AND  WOOLLENS.—In  haberdashery  and  wool woollen  len woollen  goods  our  imports  have  been  light,  and  such  as  are  now  in  the  market  meet  with  a  ready  sale  ;  the  former,  at  50  per  cent.  and  the  latter,  at  30  to  35  per  cent.  en  invoice,  nett  ;  both  in  demand  and  wanted.  C04.----The  supply  of  English  steam  coal  is  limited,  and  there  will  be  a  good  demand  for  some  time—indeed  it  is  more  than  probable,  if  fire-wood  continues  at  its  present  rate,  that  coal  will  come  into  more  general  use.  COFFEE  AND  TEA.—We  notice  a  slight  decline  of  id.  to  ld.  per  lb.  In  tea,  the  market  has  been  firmer;  especially  for  Congou,  Souchong,  Hyson  Skin,  which  have  been  sold  at  £4  55.,  with  an  inclination  to  rise.  FLOUR.—  Since  the  publication  of  our  last  circular,  - STYLE=superscript  the  arrivals  from'  America,  as  also  from  the  neighbouring  colo colonies,  nies, colonies,  have  been  more  imited,  and  prices  have  been  some somewhat  what somewhat  firmer;  a  strong  disposition  having  been  prevalent  to  buy  for  transhipment.  About  7000  have  been  so  bought,  and  orders  are  afloat  for  the  purchase  of  10,000  barrels  of  medium  quality  flour  for  the  same  purpose.  The  estimated  quantity  of  flour  at  present  in  the  bay  is  not  likely  to  be  ma materially.  terially. materially.  increased,  it  being  generally  surmised  that'shippers  will  wait  for  advices  before  sending  further  in  large  quanti quantities.  ties. quantities.  The  market  overstocked.  .  IRONMONGERY.—WeII  assorted  invoices  meet  with  a  ready  sale,  at  remunerative  prices,  at  from  30  t  0 STYLE=superscript  .40  per  cent.  nett.  American  axes  are  sought  after,  and  realise.  £4.105.  per  doz.  ;  cooking  stoves  are  also  scarce,  and  meet  with  a  ready  sale.  Market  firm  with  an  upward  tendency.  In  woodware  the  market  is  well  stocked,  it  nevertheless  is  in  mand,  - STYLE=superscript  at  low  prices.  LUMBER.  —This  article  still  keeps  up  in  price,  notwith notwithstanding  standing notwithstanding  the  large  arrivals.  Buildings  are  springing  .  np  so  rapidly  in  all  directions  that  timber  of  all  kinds  is  in  de demand  mand demand  at  prOvious  rates.  American  spruce  and  pine  boards  have  changed  hands  at  70s.  per  100  feet  in  the  bar;  on  the  wharf  the  same  would  be  worth  755.  ,  MALT  LIQUOR.—The  market  may  now  be  considered:well  stocked,  if  not  overdone,  for  the  present,  with  .all  kinds  of  beer,  both.in  bulk  and  bottle,  the  consumption  at  the  present  season  being  limited.  Still,  when  the  warm  weather  sets  in,  there  is  no  doubt  but  an  advance  on  present  prices  will  be  obtained,  and  a  brisk  demand  take  place  for  these  ar articks.  ticks. articks.  •  OATS  of  all  kinds  are  held  in  large  quantities  Inferior  sampler  are  dull  of  sale,  but  fine  V.D.L.  will  average  13s.  SPIRITS.—But  little,  if  any,  alteration  has  taken  place  in  the  price  of  spirits  since  the  publication  of  our  last.  Bran Brandies  dies Brandies  remain  steady  at  17s.  to  17s.  6d.,  for  Martell's  ;  Henessy's  or  U.  V.,  16s.  ;  and  inferior  brands,  13s.  to  145.,  in.  bond.  Unless  the  arrivals  in  future  are  very  heavy,  these  prices  will,  rule  with  but  little  variation,.  for  some  time  to  come.  Case  brandy,  of  superior  quality,  is  worth  from  35i.  to  375.  .In  rums,  the  arrvials  have  been  light;  for  prices,  we  refer  to  the  circular.  SUGARS,  of  good  quality,  are  inclined  to  rise,  the  supply  latterly  having.been  rather  limited.  Fine  Mauritius  will  realize  £35  per  ton.  SLATES  are  in  great  demand,  and  will  come  to  a  ready  market  at  a  good  profit,  for  a  length  of  time.  TA.LLow  is  scarce,  and  in  demand,  for  colonial  con consumption,  sumption, consumption,  at  about  £3  .  5  per  ton.  In  future,  our  exports  of  this  article  will  be  very  circumscribed  indeed  ;  no  foreign  as  yet  impOrted.  TOBACCO.—The  market  is  well  stocked  with  tobacco  in  all  forms.  •  For  prices,  see  circular.  WMES,  especially  light  kinds,  such  as  champa'crne,  claret,  &amp;c.,  are  dull  of  sale  at  the  present  season.  Stocks  of  port  an  sherry  are  quite  equal  to  the  demand.  WooL'.—The  exports  during  the  week  have  been  916  bales.  For  the  prices  of  last  sales  we  refer  to  the  circu  lar.  MELBOURNE  SHIP  NEWS.—JULY  12.  ARRIvED  :---June  30th,  Erasmus,  Schnoper,  from  Lon London  don London  •  July  Ist,  Genghis  Khan,  Bona  ;  Margaret  Thompson  , STYLE=superscript  Buchanan,  from  Liverpool  ;  Barrend  Willem,  Retgers,  from  London  ;  2nd,  Garrzelier,  Concord,  Potter,  from  Liverpool  :  4th,  Lady  Jocelyn,  Crilly,  Liveool;  sth,  Bloomer,  Allen,  Liverpool  ;  6th.  Osmanhe,  (s.s.)  Corbett,  Liverpool  •  7th,  Maid  of  Alicante,  Hall;  Couriran,  Anderson;  . STYLE=superscript  Stanhope,  Tott  :  Albermare,  Trevitt,  London  ;  11th,  Sir  Henry  Har Hardinge,  dinge, Hardinge,  Day;  Francis  Ridley,  Waremouth  ;  Jessore,  Charles  ;  Dover,  Fowler  - STYLE=superscript  ;  - STYLE=superscript  Falsette,  Wallace,  London;  Kortenaar,  Vander  Plas  ;  Sandwich,  Altee,  Liverpool  ;  Rapid,  Gordon,  Leith;  Pauline,  Cashness,  Dundee  ;  Village  Bell,  Corbett,  Glasgow;  Agnes  Blackie,  Townsend,  Bristol."
