text
"was  only  beginning  his  educatio  'ledre  t  quired  a  certain  degree  of  kn  self-respect  which  was  beneficial  and  N  He  wished  to  see  men  put  deposits  in  the  s  that  they  would  make  provi  He  next  referred  to  the  or  their  wi  by  the  introduction  o  swift  progres  concluded  with  some  obser  posed  decimal  coinage,  wh  . STYLE=superscript  expressed  his  desire  that  ti  1-t,  applause  F.  S.  POWELL,  E  and  eloq  .cton,  and  Mr.  Thor  practical  observations,  aft  lerraph  country  ucceeded  by  DfT.  J  Cook,  who  madE  ;er  which  Mir.  W.  PAIRBAIRN  C.  I  assured  them  he  had  long  tt-  tions  of  this  character  ers  of  the  Manchester  Mac  the  first  two  years  was  its  p  He  was  c  He  ha  the  prospectus:'  of  the  Mechanics'  Institution,  and  found,  that  it  was  based  on  sound  and  liberal  principles.  Several  other  gentlemen  having  addressed  the  meet meetting,  ting, meetting,  including  Mr.  Hutchins  who  delivered  an  eloquent  speech  which  was  loudly  and  deservedly  cheered.  Mr.  JAMES  HEYWOOD,  M.  P.,  was  next  called  upon,  an  on  rising,  was  received  with  great  cheering.  He  desired,  he  said,  to  add  his  congratulations  to  those  they  had  already  re received  ceived received  on  the  opening  of  this  excellent  institution.  He  then  re remarked  marked remarked  that  the  first  thing  that  struck  him  on  entering  the  hall  was  that  it  was  not  unlike  the  House  of  Commons  but  there  was  this  difference  between  it  and  the  Houses  of  Parlia Parliament,  ment, Parliament,  that  whereas  this  would  not  cost  more  than  £5OOO,  and  seemed  to  give  general  satisfaction,  the  Houses  of  Par Par_  _ Par_  liament  would'eost'nearly  two  millions,  and  yet  the  n  bers  were  not  satisfied  The  honouia.  member  then  called  attention  to  the  fact,  that  owing  to  a  knowledge  of  foreign  languages  not  beinc  , STYLE=superscript  generally  acquired  by  our  young  men,  large  numbers  of  foreign  clerks  were  now  engaged  in  Manchester,  and  other  large  towns.  Such  institutions  as  this  showed  that  there  was,  on  the  whole,  a  good  feeling  existing  between  masters  and  men  in  this  country,  although  that  good  feelings  might  be  accidentally  broken  into,  as  now,  by  turn-outs  and  struggles.  When  peo people  ple people  thought  over  their  present  disputes  quietly,  they  would  perhaps  find  out  that  there  had  been  a  little  error  on  both  sides.  (Loud  applause).  Mr.  Heywood  next  remarked  that  one  reason  he  came  here  was,  that  he  wished  to  see  his  friend,  Mr.  Thicknesse,  with  whom  he  deeply  sympathised.  The  remaining  subjects  glanced  at  were,  the  comparative  amount  of  education  possessed  by  the  Greeks  and  Turks,  and  the  bearingthis  hadupon  the  present  state  ofthe  Eastern  ques question,  tion, question,  and  the  Manchester  Free  Library.  He  also  eulogised  the  conduct  of  the  Mayor  for  taking  so  active  a  part  in  the  formation  of  the  Wigan  Mechanics'  Institution.  The  hon.  gentleman  was  repeatedly  applauded,  and  created  much  mirth  by  his  remarks.  Several  other  gentlemen  having  add  the  proceedings  terminated.  Ised  the  meeting  LONDON  PRODUCE  MARKETS.---YESTERDAY.  TEA.—The  public  sales  have  been  well  attended,  and  a  full  average  business  has  been  doing  in  most  kinds,of  tea,  at  very  full  prices.  Privately  the  demand  is  steady,  at  11ad  for  common  sound  congou.  Up  to  Saturday  last  duty  was  paid  on  34,704,954  lbs.,  against  34,225,436  ditto  in  1852.  Sl:MAR.—There  has  been  a  fair  business  doing  in  the  West  India  sugars  on  former  terms,  but  Mauritius  parcels  have  given  way  from  6d  to  is  per  cwt.  Fine  Yellow  Bar Barbadoes  badoes Barbadoes  have  sold.at  from  38s  to  38s  Gd,  mid.  to  good  3.5  s  to  37s  6d,  low  33s  6d  to  34s  6d,  brown  Jamaica  32s  to  33s  6d,  fine  yellow  Muritius  36s  to  38s,  low  to  good  32s  Gd  to  35s  Gd  refining  31s  to  .31s  Gd,  good  to  fine  grainy  yellow  40s  per  cwt.  Floating.  cargoes  are  firm,  and  quite  as  dear  as  last  week.  Refined  goods  are  steady.  Brown  lumps  44s  Gd  to  455,  and  low  to  fine  grocery  45s  Gd  to  48s.  per  cwt.  Tht  total  clearance  to  the  15th  inst.  were  5,244,737  cwts.,  agains  5,006.945  ditto  in  1852  MOLASSES.---The  market  for  all  kinds  is  firm,  at  extreme  quotations,  St.  Kitts,  17s  ;  low  to  fine  Antigua,  17s  to  18s  ;  other  kinds  of  West  India,  16s  6d  ;  Porto  Rico.  17s  to  18s  per  cwt.  CorrEE.---Plantation  kinds  have  given  way  6d  to  is  per  cwt.  Most  other  qualities  are  held  at  full  price..  Good  Ord  native,  46s  to  46s  6d  per  cwt.  COCOA.—This  description  of  produce  is  dull,  and  ls.  per  cwt.  lower.  Grey  Trinidad  has  changed  hands  at  31s.  to  325.  6d.  ;  and  low  to  mid  red,  355.  to  375.  per  cwt.  Rics.—This  article  moves  off  slowly.  Several  parcels  of  Java  have  been  taken  in  at  15s.  per  cwt.  Fine  Bengal  is  worth  16s.  to  16s.  6d.  per  cwt.  INDIGO.  —The  sales  have  been  concluded.  During  their  progress  6,602  chests  were  withdrawn,  4,360  bought  in,  leaving  5,619  sold.  Corr  - STYLE=superscript  ox.—Our  market  is  steady,  and  prices  aro  supported.  HEMP  AND  FLAX.—Baltic  hemp  is  steady,  at  the  late  advance.  In  flax,  very  little  is  doing.  GUANO.—The  imports  this  week  are  2,450  tons  from•  Ca Callao.  llao. Callao.  The  demand  is  steady,  and  prices  are  well  supported.  METALS.—Scotch  pig  iron  is  firm  at  635.  Manufactured  parcels  support  former  terms.  In  other  metals,  very  little  is  &amp;Incr.  Smarrs.--Both  rum  and  brandy  are  dull,  and  somewhat  lower  to  purchase.  Corn  spirits  command  full  quotations.  OILS.  -Sea  oil  suppot%z  the  late  advance.  Linseed  is  firm  at  31s.  6d.  per  cwt.  WOOL—The  public  sales  have  cothnieneed  heavily,  at  a  reduction  of  from  ld.  to  2d.  per  lb.  10,000  will  be  with withdrawn  drawn withdrawn  from  the  present  series.  _  _  TALLOW.—TIie  imports  are  5,000  casks  ;  vet  the  demand  Yesterday  a  person  was  eased  of  £7  by  a  party  of  megsmen,  in  Faulkner-street."
