text
"THE  MEDITERRANEAN  From  Iklarseilles,  under  the  date  of  the  4th  inst.,  we  learn  that  the  quay  of  the  Joliette  is  at  present  as  much  crowded  with  bomb  shells  brought  back  from  the  Crimea  as  it  was  during  the  siege  of  Sebastopol  when  the  same  shells  were  being  shipped.  Equal  activity  is  displayed  in  another  part  of  the  quay  in  shipping  gun-carriages,  cais caissons,  sons, caissons,  and  materiel  for  field  artillery  to  an  enormous  extent.  Several  artillery  officers,  moreover,  have  received  notice  to  hold  themselves  in  readiness  to  proceed  to  the  Crimea.  The  port  of  the  Joliette,  which  for  some  days  was  comparatively  empty,  is  again  being  filled  with  ships  from  the  East.  While  the  war  has  directed  the  ingenuity  of  inventors  in  many  instances  to  the  discovery  of  more  terrible  instruments  of  destruction,  an  indi individual  vidual individual  residing  near  this  town  has  been  applying  himself  to  give  to  steam  a  new  and  peaceable  application.  The  idea  suggested  itself'to  him  that  a  steam  trawling  boat  would  prove  a  lucrative  speculation  during  the  frequent  periods  of  calm  weather,  when  the  Marseilles  fishermen  are  unable  to  pursue  their  avocations,  and  shoals  of  the  finny  tribe  approach  the  coast  with  impunity.  In  order  to  avoid  being  anticipated  in  his  speculation,  the  inventor  constructed  his  boat  in  a  field,  enclosed  with  high  walls,  some  distance  from  the  sea.  Great  was  the  curiosity  to  discover  the  mystery,  but  the  secret  was  well  kept,  and  the  boat  (with  some  diffi difficulty)  culty) difficulty)  was  conveyed  over  land  to  the  dock,  and  is  now  afloat.  She  is  a  smack  of  about  fifty  tons,  fitted  with  a  screw.  Another  peculiarity  is,  that  her  mast  is  hollow,  and  will  serve  as  a  chimney.  Prussia  is  said  to  be  doing  her  best  to  detach  the  smaller  German  States  from  the  policy  of  Austria.  That  task  has  become  easier  since  the  circular  of  Count  Nesselrode.  The  Poet  Ampt  Gazette,  in  a  letter  from  Vienna,  of  the  2nd,  says  :—Selim  Pacha  has  arrived  at  Erzerourn•  where  troops  are  being  collected  by  the  Turkish  govern government.  ment. government.  The  fortifications  recently  constructed  are  only  mounted  with  twenty-eight  pieces  of  cannon,  and  the  whole  place  is  in  a  bad  state  of  defence.  MensicaLrs,  Sunday.  —The  Lougsor  has  arrived.  She  brings  news  from  Constantinople  to  the  27th.  The  Russians  have  increased  their  fortifications  over  Inker Inkermann,  mann, Inkermann,  and  have  unmasked  the  new  batteries  on  the  left  of  the  Tchernaya.  - STYLE=superscript  No  ship  of  war  was  lost  in  the  storm.  Omer  Pacha  has  arrived  at  Batoum.  His  replacement  was  discussed,  but  it  was  decided  to  be  impossible.  The  army,  when  near  Kutais,  was  for  two  days  without  supplies.  A  letter  from  Frankfort  mentions  that  additional  co cooperation  operation cooperation  is  given  to  Saxony,  Bavaria,  and  Wurternburg,  in  the  efforts  made  by  those  'states  in  favour  of  peace.  It  is  considered  certain  that  the  Grand  Duke  of  Hesse  gives  his  complete  approval  to  the  propositions  trans.  witted  by  Austria  to  the  court  of  Russia.  The  repre representative  sentative representative  of  the  Grand  Duke  at  St.  Petersburg  has  been  instructed  to  support  those  propositions,  or  at  least  advise  their  acceptance  by  the  Russian  cabinet.  The  Grand  Duke  is  brother  to  the  Empress  of  Russia,  and  he  is  believed  to  possess  much  influence  over  her.  A  letter  from  St.  Petersburg,  in  the  Hamburg  News  says  :  —General  Rudiger,  commanding  the  guards  and  the  grenadiers,  has  published  the  following  notice  :  Owing  to  the  number  of  officers  which  it  is  certain  will  be  wanted  in  the  next  campaign,  for  tile  service  of  the  coast  redoubts  constructed  for  the  defence  of  the  Baltic  coast,  such  officers  of  the  navy  as  are  wounded  or  incapable  of  service  afloat,  are  invited  to  take  service  in  the  above  named  batteries.  The  letter  adds—We  learn  that  the  Russian  government  is  thinking  of  defending  the  railroad  from  Moscow  to  the  capital,  against  any  operations  of  the  enemy.  It  is  proposed  to  arm  the  stations  on  the  line  with  works  and  with  cannon.  Each  of  the  redoubts  will  be  occupied  by  a  battalion  of  militia,  charged  to  guarantee  it,  at  least,  from  any  surprise  of  the  enemy's  advanced  guard.  CpSTODY  OF  INFANT  CHILDREN.-0110  of  those  cases  which  frequently  excite  so  much  interest  in  Ireland,  viz.,  the  custody  of  children  where  the  question  of  childrens'  religion  is  at  stake,  was  decided  on  Friday  by  the  Lord  Chief  Justice  of  the  Queen's  Bench,  at  his  lordshin's  private  residence,  after  an  adjournment  from  a  preceding  day.  It  appeared  that  a  Mr.  Richard  Story,  an  apothe apothecary  cary apothecary  at  Ballinamore,  in  the  county  of  Leitrim,  died  recently,  leaving  two  small  children,  besides  two  grown grownup  up grownup  sons.  Mr.  Story  was  a  Protestant,  but  his  wife,  who  only  survived  him  a  short  time,  was  a  Roman  Catholic,  in  which  faith  also  it  would  appear  that  the  two  grown  boys  had  been  educated.  The  two  young  children  came,  S  some  way,  int  o  th  e  care  o  f  th  e  l  oca  l  P  ro  t  es  t  ant  Orphan  So STYLE=superscript  ciety  ;  and  as  th  e  y  were  t  a  k  en  awa  y  by  f  orce  ,  as  i  t  was  aLY  lleged,  from  their  care  by  their  two  elder  brothers,  and  some  relatives  of  their  mother's,  at  the  instigation,  as  it  was  stated,  of  the  Roman  Catholic  priest,  and  with  a  view  o STYLE=superscript  f  educating  them  as  Catholics,  th  e  p  res  ent  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  were  brought  in  the  shape  of  a  habeas  corpus  for  the  restoration  of  the  children  to  the  custody  of  the  Protes7  tant  Orphan  Society.  The  Chief  Justice,  after  hearing  the  case  and  conversing  in  private  with  the  children,  declined-sending  them  back  to  the  former  custody,  adding  that  they  had  not  been  well  treated  under  the  care  of  the  Protestant  Orphan  Society,  and  that  he  was  not  surprised  at  the  children's  wish  to  remain  in  the  care  of  their  brothers  and  other  friends,"
