text
"RAILWAY  INTELLIGENCE.  The  London  journals  furnish  us  with  the  following  in information  formation information  upon  railway  matters  which  will  be  found  of  in interest:—The  terest:—The interest:—The  extensive  railw  a  y  contractor,  Mr.  George  Rennet,  canto  before  the  court  of  bankruptcy  yesterday  for  his  last  examination.  The  accounts  which  have  been  filed  in  the  court  are  extremely  voluminous,  and  show  an  immense  amount  of  transactions.  The  sum  owing  to  unsecured  creditors  is  stated  at  £343,342  and  to  those  holding  security  at  £79,392,  besides  £16,919  of  liabilities.  The  assets  are  also  large,  consisting  of  £80,786  in  property,  and  £66,521  in  good  debts.  Mr.  Rennet  had  a  surplus,  on  the  Ist  of  January,  1849,  of  £146,342,  and  his  losses  are  stated  at  the  enormous  sum  of  £301,887,  £49,860  of  which  is  from  bad  debts.  The  assignees  are  understood  to  have  expressed  their  approval  of  the  accounts,  and  it  is  expected  that  the  bank bankrupt  rupt bankrupt  will  pass  his  last  examination  without  opposition.  This  is  the  largest  case  that  has  come  before  the  court  for  several  years..  .  _  _  Yesterday  was  also  appointed  for  the  last  examination  of  Mr.  Thomas  Hutchings,  another  railway  contractor,  also  in  an  extensive  way  of  business.  His  unsecured  debts  amount  to  £53,966,  and  the  assets  in  good  debts,  property,  and  amounts  receivable  on  works,  are  stated  at  upwards  of  £60,000.  Both  the  cases  will  be  heard  before  Mr.  Com Commissioner  missioner Commissioner  Fane.  We  are  informed  that  the  accounts  received  at  the  Lon London  don London  agency  of  the  Great  Western  railway  company  of  Canada  are  most  satisfactory.  It  is  stated  that  the  local  traffic,  so  far,  is  double  what  the  managing  director  calcu calculated  lated calculated  upon,  and  when  the  whole  line  is  opened  early  next  month,  the  traffic  will  no  doubt  be  very  great.  GitEA.T  NORTHERN  RAILWAY.—Return  of  traffic  for  week  ending  Dec.  11,  1853  :—Passengers  mails,  £6,627  I  ls.  3d.  ;  merchandise  and  minerals,  £11,277  9s.  lid.  catt:e,  £550  4s.  81—Total,  £18,455  ss.  10d.  Corres Corresponding  ponding Corresponding  week,  1852,  £14,402  53.  11d.  LONDON  AND  NORTH  WESTERN  RAILWAY.—Return  01  traffic  for  . STYLE=superscript  the  week  ending  Dec.  18,  1853  :--Passengers,  parcels,  carriages,  '  horses,  and  mails,  £23,502  ls.  3d.  •  mer merchandise,  chandise, merchandise,  £  22,159  Is.  Bd.  ;  cattle,  £1,382  Bs.  Od.  Total,  £47,043  10s.  11d.  Corresponding  week,  1852,  £45,791  - STYLE=superscript  9s.  11d.  LONDON  AND  SOUTH  WESTERN  RAILWAY.—Amount  of  traffic  for  the  week  ending  Dec.  17,  1853:—Passengers,  £7,525  12s.  2d.,  goods,  £3,291  s  s  .  6d.  Total,  £10,816  178.  Bd.  CHRISTMAS  BENEFACTIONS  TO  CLERGYMEN  WITH  SMALL  INCOMES.  At  this  season  of  the  year  a  considerable  sum  of  money  is  annually  distributed  amongst  poor  curates  and  other  clergy clergymen  men clergymen  of  the  establish  e  d  c  h  urc  h  b  y  t  h  e  governors  of  the  ancient  corporation  of  the  sons_of  the  clergy,  and  on  Saturday  the  17th  inst.,  they  held  their  usual  meeting  for  the  purpose  at  the  corporation  house  '  No.  2,  Bloomsbury-pia  c  e.—Si  r  R  o  bt.  Harry  Inglis,  Bart.,  M.P.,  the  senior  treasurer,  took  the  chair.  The  cases  of  93  poor  clergymen  in  England  and  Wales  were  investigated,  and  sums  from  £lO  to  £2O  were  given  to  80.  The  benefactions  thus  seasonably  distributed  are  mainly  limited  for  curates  in  actual,  duty;  but  as  there  are  always  a  large  number  of  clergymen  applying  in  po.session  of  small  benefices,  the  governors  have  resources  to  a  to  meet  such  cases.  Thus,  on  :the  present  occasion,  whilst  £Bl7  was  given  from  the  appropriate  funds  to  56  curates  in  actual  duty,  £235  was  awarded  from  the  to  24  other  clergymen.  The  applications  came  from  all  parts  of  England  and  Wales.  Having  relieved,  as  far  as  the  funds  would  allow  the  several  cases  of  distress  amongst  the  clergy,  the  governors  Rroceeded  to  consider  applications  from  the  widows,  aged  single  daughters  and  children  of  clergymen,  and  ap approprtated  proprtated approprtated  amongst  them  £3Bl  in  donations,  educational  grants,  outfits,  an  apprentice  fees.  Gounocx.—Sir  Michael  B.  Shaw  Stewart,  Bart.,  has  subscribed  the  handsome  sum  of  two  hundred  pounds  to towards  wards towards  the  endowment  of  Gourock  chapel.  C  'MACH  BUILDING  IN  LONDON.  —According  to  the  fol following  lowing following  statement  from  the  Daily  News,  the  good  people  of  Paddingbrn  pay  dearly  for  their  churches,  even  when  they  are  said  to  be  built  by  subscription  :  The  old  church,  St.  Mary's,  was  the  first  church  ever  built  in  Paddington  by  the  parishioners,  all  previous  churches  having  been  built  and  supported  out  of  the  rectorial  and  other  revenues  inherited  by  the  bishops  of  London  and  their  lay  lessees.  This  church  was  built  by  the  aid  of  two  special  acts  of  parliament,  and  by  a  heavy  church  rate.  St.  John's  was  professedly  built  by  subscription,  but  it  has  cost  the  ratepayers  upwards  of  £4OOO  raised  by  church  rate.  St.  James's,  now  the  parish  church,  was  also  professedly  built  by  subscription,  but  it  has  cost  the  ratepayers  a  like  sum,  also  raised  by  church  rate.  Trinity  was  subscribed  for  by  the  present  incumbent  most  liberally,  it  having  cost  him  upwards  of  £5OOO,  but  it  has  cost  the  ratepayers  upwards  of  £13,000,  also  raised  by  church  rate.  All  Saints—the  last  new  church—was  almost  entirely  paid  for  out  of  the  church  rate,  and  has  cost  upwards  of  £BOOO.  In  faCt  the  ratepayers  of  Paddington  have  paid,  and  will  have  to  pay,  what  with  principal  and  interest,  upwards  of  £50,000  for  the  five  churches  which  now  exist.  Several  counterfeit  florins  are  now  in  course  of  circula.  ion.  The  Turkish  minister  had  an  interview  with  the  chan chanof  of chanof  the  exchequer  yesterday,  at  his  official  residence  ,n  Downing-street.  A  woman  is  at  present  an  inmate  at  Ballymiglish  work workhouse  house workhouse  who  has  been  married  to  the  seventh  husband,  and  what  is  still  more  remarkable,  they  were  all  weavers,  and  worked  at  the  same  loom,  which  is  still  in  operation  i  2  her  former  house.  she  is  m  .  full  possession  of  her  mental  faculties.---Munster  News.  A  melancholy  occurrence  took  place  at  Turin  some  nights  ago.  General  Raffaele  Poerio,  a  Neapolit  an  ,  w  h  o  serve  d  many  years  in  the  French  army  in  Africa,  and_io.  the  Sar Sardinian  dinian Sardinian  army  during  the  last  compaigns,  was  seized  at  M.  de  quiche's  (the  French  minister)  sotree  with  an  attack  of  apoplexy,  and  little  hope  is  entertained  of  his  recovery.  It  is  now  said  that  Major-General  Wetherell  will  re relieve  lieve relieve  Major-General  Rawan  in,  command  of  the  troops  in  Canada,  and  will  be  succeeded  es  Deputy  Adjutant-General  at  head-quarters  by  Colonel  Torrens,  whose  place  as  Assis Assistant-Quarter-gaster-General  tant-Quarter-gaster-General Assistant-Quarter-gaster-General  will  be  filled  by  Lieutenant-  Colonel.  Cunynghame.  REMARKABLE  RAILWAY  ACCIDENT.—An  accident  of  a  most  extensive  .  and  dangerous  character  occurred  on  the  Exeter  and,  Crediton  railway  on  Monday  night.,.  The  heavy  rains  which  fell  durine•  the  whole  of  Sunday  and  Monday  lensed  all  the  streams  in  the  neighbourhood  to  rise  with  a  rapidity  unknown  for  many  years,  and  towards  the  evening  of  Monday  the  water.  .began  to  rise  over  the  rails,  a  short  distance  from  Crediton,  and  swept  forward  with  so  much  force  that  it  was  found  utterly  impossible  to  run  over  the  line  between  Crediton  and  Newton,  a  distance  of  about  four  miles.  Unaware  of  the  state  of  things,  the  (3.35  p.m.  train  left  Exeter  for  Crediton,  .and  proceeded  as  usual  with  the  passengers  to  the  Newton,  statio,n,  when,  finding  the  line  blocked  up,  the  engine  was  .  rev  erse  d,  and  proceeded  back  to towards  wards towards  Exeter.  It  had  not  gone  far,  however  before  the  earth  _which  supported  the  r  a  ilS  gave  way,  and  the  engine  was  embedded  in  the  mud.  The  fright  of  the  passengers  weer  heightened  by  the  darkneSs  of  the  night  grid  the  rush rushing  ing rushing  of  the  waters,  e  which  swept  by  with.great  force.  Every  exertion  was  used  by  the  officials  'to  extricate  the  carriages.  Horses  were  procured  as  quickly  as  possible,  but  With  . STYLE=superscript  great  difficulty,  and  the  passengers  were  ultimately  drawn  back  to  Newton,  but  not  till  after  midnight.  The  rain  all  this  time  fell  in  torrents,  and  the  water  continued  to  pour  down  the  valley  with  increasing  force.  Fortunately,  none  of  the  passengers  were  seriously  injured.  •  REPRESENTATION  OF  SOUTII  STAFFQ43.DSHIBE.—Lord  Paget  has.  issued  his  address  to  the  eleetors.,.lie,says  If  elected,  I  shall  give  my  cordial  support  to  a  liberal  policy.  olit  ."
