text
"e  d  ue  h  hear  or  gaw  d STYLE=superscript  tae'inen  and  a  woman  lborated  the  lattey  )f  the  offi,  r  part  a  evidence.  Mr.  Mansfield  :  How  long  were  you  in  conference  with  the  landlord  before  he  let  you  in  ?  Officer  :  About  three  minutes.  Mr.  Sleigh  informed  the  court  that  Mr.  Peach  was  not  He  was  fined  40s.  and  costs.  in  attendance,  as  he  was  obliged  to  be  at  Chester.  That  John  Thornton,  a  publican,  appeared  in  court  in  answer  gentleman  had  felt  it  to  be  his  duty,  from  the  publicity  to  an  information  for  selling  drink  on  Sunday  morning  last.  given  to  the  ease  in  the  newspapers,  to  instruct  him  that  Officer  165,  accompanied  by  717,  noticed  four  men  go  into  there  was  no  foundation  for  the  statement  wh1t:143.1,a.  been  the  defendant's  public  house  by  the  back  door,  at  half-past  made  against  him.  ten  °a  enridav  morning  last.  In  a  short  time  afterwards  Mr.  Commissioner  Phillips  asked  whether  the  learned  he  and  717  went  11,  waited  a  few  minutes,  when  a  ^”.  counsel  wished  an  adjournment  in  order  that  Mr.  Peach  female  brought  four  glasses  of  ale,  of  the  men  handed  might  attend.  It  was  important  that  he  should  be  called.  her  a  sixpence.  Mr.  Cooke  resisted  a  further  adjournment  notwithstand-  Mr.  Owens  appeared,  and  stated  that  the  defendant  left  a  ing  that  the  insolvent  was  on  bail.  female  in  care  of  the  house,  and  that  he  was  not  at  all  aware  Mr.  Commissioner  Phillips  thought  it  was  important  for  she  sold  any  drink.—A  fine  of  £5  and  costs  was  imposed.  the  reverend  insolvent  that  Mr.  Peach  should  attend.  Richard  Baines,  a  publican,  appeared  in  reply  to  an  in-  An  account,  signed  by  the  insolvent,  was  handed  in  by  formation  laid  against  him  by  officer  717,  for  selling  drink  Mr.  Sleigh,  and  he  admitted  his  signature.  He  was  ill  on  same  day,  and  about  the  same  time.  Mr.  Black  for  the  when  he  signed  it.  In  the  account  £ll9  was  charged  for  defendant.  Officer  717  stated  he  went  to  the  back  door  of  costs,  counsel's  fees,  &amp;c.  In  the  schedule,  £lOO  was  stated  to  the  defendant's  public  house,  in  Denison-street,  at  eleven  have  been  deducted  as  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning  last,  accompanied  by  officer  A  clerk  to  Mr.  Peach  was  called  and  stated  that  he  was  165,  and  saw  four  men  standing  there;  and  during  the  at  Chester.  He  was  in  town  on  Tuesday,  and  directed  him  time  he  was  waiting,  three  men  came  out,  and  the  four  to  oppose.  He  did  not  know  of  the  application  for  an  men  went  in  ;  717  went  in  with  them  ;  and  the  landlord  adjournment.  It  was  made  on  account  of  the  suggestion  of  asked  the  men  what  it  was  to  be  said  whiskey  and  the  learned  commissioner.  another  said  ;—when  the  landlord  observed  717,he  said  His  Honor,  after  a  long  discussion  on  the  point,  and  as-  to  the  men  would  not  fill  out  any  —they  must  certaining  from  the  registrar  that  an  adjournment  had  not  go.—Fined  40s.  and  costs.  been  granted  on  the  facts  now  proved,  declined  to  grant  the  Anthony  Scallan,  a  publican,  in  Waterloo-road,  appeared  application  for  an  adjournment  for  the  attendance  of  Mr.  to  answer  two  informations,  one  for  selling  drink  on  Sunday  Peach.  morning  last,  and  another  for  having  a  communication  with  The  insolvent  was  then  examined  as  to  his  circumstances  an  eating-house.  Officer  165,  stated  that  at  eleven  o'clock  when  he  borrowed  the  money  in  1851.  He  had  been  sued.  on  Sunday  morning  last,  he  was  passing  along  Waterloo Waterlooand  and Waterlooand  only  had  some  furniture.  He  was  living  in  the  Kent-  road,  he  saw  six  or  seven  men  drunk  go  into  an  road.  He  was  to  pay  eight  per  cent.  as  for  6001.,  and  to  eating-house,  and  he,  accompanied  by  717,  went  in  insure  his  life  for  1,500/.  and  saw  two  sailors  go  to  the  back  door  of  the  eating-house  Mr.  Sleigh  'submitted  that  the  debt  with  Mr.  Peach  had  and  enter  a  publichouse  ;  they  followed  them  in,  and  saw  a  been  contracted  without  reasonable  or  probable  expectations  man  sitting  down  with  whiskey  before  him.  He  was  ordered  of  payment.  to  pay  40s.  and  costs  on  each  information,  and  he  (Mr.  Mr.  Cooke  was  heard  on  the  part  of  the  insolvent.  Mansfield)  would  direct  the  inspector  to  make  a  report  to  Mr.  Commissioner  Phillips  gave  his  opinion.  The  only  the  visiting  magistrates  when  the  time  comes  round.  question  was,  whether  the  insolvent  had  reasonable  expec-  The  following  is  a  list  of  beerhouse-keepers  fined  yester yestertation  tation yestertation  of  payment.  It  was  not  pretended  that  there  were  day,  for  selling  drink  on  Sunday  morning  last  :—Richard  any  misrepresentations.  Here  was  a  sum  of  money  ad-  Gillrick,  Adlington  street,  40s.  and  costs;  Hugh  Jones,  vaned  at  8  per  cent.,  and  an  insurance  effected  to  1,5001.  Chadwick-street,  ss.  and  costs  ;  Isaac  Auvel,  Dindell-street,  His  Honor  went  over  the  facts,  and  held  that  the  case  had  acquitted  ;  Jeremiah  Grady,  Bolton-street,  Park,  ss.  and  not  been  established,  and  that  the  insolvent  was  entitled  to  costs  ;  William  Groves,  Cheapside,  acquitted  ;  Sanders,  his  discharge,  The  insolvent  was  accordingly  discharged.  I  Bolton-street,  Edgehill,  40s,  and  costa,"
