text
"CENTRAL  CRIMINAL  COURT  The  January  Sessions  of  the  Central  Criminal  Court  were  opened  yesterday,  with  the  usual  formalities  before  the  Lord  Mayor,  the  Recorder,  and  the  usual  civic  autho authorities.  rities. authorities.  The  Recorder,  in  charging  the  grand  jury,  ex expressed  pressed expressed  his  regret  that  for  several  consecutive  sessions  the  calendar  had STYLE=superscript  contained  charges  of  murder  of  the  most  grave  character,  and  that  there  were  fire  persons  to  be  tried  for  that  crime  at  the  present  session.  In  one  of  the  man,.  named  Corrigan,  was  c  h  arged  with  the  cas  es  ,  which  was  perhaps  the  m  os  t  ser  i  ous  one,  an  un unhappy  happy unhappy  murder  of  his  wife,  under  very  horrible  circumstances  ;  but  the  facts  ',appeared  to  be  so  clear  that  he  was  afraid  they  would  feel  that  they  had  no  alternative  but  to  re return  turn return  the  bill  for  wilful  murder.  There  appeared  to  he  no  doubt  that  at  the  time  the  act  was  committed,  the  Prisoner  was  in  a  most  excited  state  of  mind  from  the  effects  of  drink,  but  it  was  his  duty  to  tell  them  that  this  afforded  no  justification  or  palliation  in  law  for  such  a  crime,  and  that  the  total  deprivation  of  reason  could  alone  be  urged  as  an  answer.  After  alluding  to  other  cases  in  the  calendar,  which  contained  the  names  of  65  prisoners,  the  learned  judge  remitted  the  grand  jury  to  the  duties  imposed  upon  them.  No  doubt  was  entertained  that  a  true  bill  would  be  returned  against  Corrigan,  to  whose  case,  it  will  be  seen,  the  Recorder  drew  - STYLE=superscript  the  espe especial  cial especial  attention  of  the  grand  jury.  The  trial,  however,  cannot  take  place  until  the  latter  end  (at  the  earliest)  of  the  present  week.  General  Bosquet  has  been  summoned  to  Paris  by  the  Emperor,  with  a  view,  it  is  said,  of  taking  part  in  the  proposed  council  of  war.  On  account  of  the  overflowing  of  the  rivers,  70  ships  are  loading  at  Constantinople,  with  supplies  and  muni munitions  tions munitions  of  war  for  Soukem  Kale!).  The  journals  and  correspondence  from  the  Continent,  received  yesterday,  are  again  destitute  of  importance.  It  is  the  news  from  St.  Petersburg  which  is  now  ex..  petted,  with  the  greatest  interest,  but  several  days  will  most  likely  elapse  before  any  intelligence  arrives  respect,  ing  the  mission  ofCount  Esterhazy.  The  Vienna  correspondent  of  the  Constitutionnel  d  wells  strongly  on  the  precedent  afforded  to  Russia  by  the  neutralization  of  the  American  Lakes,  as  arranged  between  Great  Britain  and  the  United  States  ;  that  was  settled  without  the  intervention  of  other  powers,  and  in  the  same  way  the  Russian  Cabinet  has  proposed  that  the  question  of  the  neutralization  of  the  Black  Sea  should  be  left  to  Russia  and  Turkey  !  We  have  reason  to  believe  that  a  contract  has  been  entered  into  with  the  goverment  by  Messrs.  Napier,  of  Glasgow,  for  the  construction  of  the  first  of  the  great  gun  batteries.  It  i  3  intended  to  be  of  3,000  tons,  and  it  is  to  be  delivered  on  the  Thames  on  the  15th  of  April  next,  under  penalty  of  one  thousand  pounds  per  diem.  It  is  antici.  pated  that  with  the  vast  resources  at  the  command  of  this  eminent  house,  this  extraordinary  undertaking  will  b  e  completed  at  the  time  appointed.-7'i  Engineer,  Comm  THE  LOSS  OF  THE  SHIP  BLACK  WATCH  The  shipwreck  of  this  vessel,  the  property  of  Messrs.  Andrew  Stewart  and  Co.,  of  Greenock,  and  lately  launched  at  Pictou,  Is  thus  graphically  described  in  a  letter  from  her  commander,  Captain  W.  H.  Menzies,  who  had  the  misfortune  to  lose  one  of  his  children  on  the  occasion  :  is  my  painful  duty  to  announce  to  you  the  total  loss  of  the  Black  Watch  on  the  night  of  the  24th  November  (Saturday),  during  a  severe  snowstorm  from  S.E.,  in  which  the  ship  was  thrown  on  her  beam  ends,  nearly  half  fiilling  her  with  water,  and  soon  after  was  driven  ashore  in  Bear  St.  Lawrence,  Cape  North,  Breton  island.  I  left  Pictou  on  Friday  morning,  the  23rd  instant.  We  had  a  fine  strong  breeze  f  rom  th  westward  ;  I  therefore  steered  for  the  Gut  of  Canso.  On  reacting  the  light  at  the  north  entrance  at  5.30  p.m.,  it  fell  calm  (the  Sebastopol,  M'Ken M'Kenzie,  zie, M'Kenzie,  new  ship,  in  company),  we  both  came  to  anchor  and  furled  all  sail.  At  8  a.m.  it  sprung  up  a  breeze  from  S.S.W.,  and  being  anxious  to  get  on  our  way,  I  determined  to  get  under  weigh  again  and  go  round  Cape  North.  The  breeze  gradually  freshened  to  a  gale,  and  at  2  a.m.  on  Saturday  we  were  running  un  d  er  d  ou  b  le  reefs,  n  and  10  knots.  About  7  a.m.,  it  moderated,  but  the  sympiesometer  kept  very  low  (29  1  inches),  notwithstanding  which  the  weather  kept  fine  all  day.  I  shook  out  all  reefs  at  8-30  a.m.,  and  was  preparing  to  send  aloft  th  e  ma  i  n  t  op  -h  alyard.  In  the  afternoon  had  the  lifts,  braces,  and  sheets  roved,  when  I  observed,  on  taking  the  sun  at  3  p.m.  to  prove  my  chronometer,  that  the  glass  was  still  further  and  unusually  depressed,  standing  at  28.4  inches.  I  called  the  hands  from  aloft,  made  fast  the  topgallant  yard  on  deck  again,  and  close  reefed  the  fore  and  Wizen  topsails,  double  reef reefing  ing reefing  the  main  one,  and  having  the  main  course  handed.  By  this  time  (4  p.m.)  it  began  to  thicken  up  cloudy  in  the  north-west  and  northward,  but  little  or  no  wind.  At  five  o'clock  it  came  on  to  snow,  in  which  the  land  was  obscured  Cape  North  bearing  east  half  east  nearly.  The  wind  then  about  south-west  by  west,  very  light  ;  the  Cape  distant  fifteen  or  sixteen  miles  by  cross  bearings.  I  steered  north-east  on  purpose  to  gain  as  much  offing  as  possible,  but  the  wind  being  very  light,  we  made  no  progress.  At  six  p.m.  it  burst  on  us  in  a  perfect  tempest.  Had  to  close  reef  the  maintopsail  and  furl  the  foresail,  the  ship  lay  over  so  much,  the  wind  also  hauling  to  the  north-east  by  north.  About  a  quarter  to  seven  I  wore  ship  to  the  north-west,  fearing  I  could  not  weather  Cape  North,  standing  back  into  the  Gulf  again,  the  wind  and  sea  increasing  rapidly,  with  heavy  snow.  B'tween  nine  and  ten  p.m.,  the  ship  lurching  to  leeward  heavily,  and  lying  over  very  much,  caused,  I  suppose,  the  ring  bolts  to  give  way  on  the  weather  side,  when  long-boat  spars,  water-casks,  &amp;c.,  went  over  to  leeward  with  a  tre tremendous  mendous tremendous  crash,  laying  the  ship  over  nearly  on  her  beam  ends,  the  water  on  deck  up  to  the  hatches,  and  tearing  away  the  lee  quarter-boat,  davits  and  all.  Called  all  hands  to  try  and  clear  away  the  wreck  and  man  the  pumps,  as  I  found  there  was  a  great  quantity  of  water  in  the  ship,  the  covering  board  or  stanchions  having  been  started.  Shortly  afterwards,  I  saw  the  land  to  leeward  through  the  snow  •  tried  to  wear  ship,  but  she  would  not  answer  h  er  helm.  Let  go  the  main  and  mizen  topsail  sheets.  She  payed  off  a  little,  but  then  hung  again.  I  saw  that  inevitable  destruction  was  before  me.  Tried  to  clear  away  the  anchors,  but  before  we  could  get  that  done  (the  ship  was  lying  over  so  much)  she  struck  heavily  on  the  rocks,  starting  the  decks  up  the  first  thump,  the  sea  running  tremendously,  and  now  breaking  clear  over  from  forward  aft,  the  ship  driving  higher  and  higher  on  the  cliffs  every  sea,  and  lying  over  with  her  deck  to  seaward.  It  was  not  long  before  the  whole  starboard  side  of  the  poop  was  washed  away,  and  with  it  all  I  had,  my  berth  being  on  that  side.  I  had  entrusted  one  of  my  children  to  one  of  the  men,  who  with  her  was  washed  away.  To  save  himself,  he  let  my  child  go,  and  never  said  a  word  about  it.  My  wife,  myself,  and  our  other  two  chil  Iren,  escaped  to  the  highest  side  with  difficulty,  where  we  passed  a  most  miserable  night,  expecting  every  mement  the  ship  to  go  to  pieces  from  the  violent  thumping,  the  sea  washing  over  us  countinually.  Wet  and  freezing,  I  saw  the  whole  starboard  side  of  her  begin  to  give  way  ;  the  rudder  gone.  At  daybreak  some  of  the  people  ashore  saw  us.  About  eight  o'clock  we  got  a  line  of  communication  floated  through  the  surf  ashore  to  them  by  one  of  the  life  buoys,  and  saw  the  crew  one  by  one  landed,  till  they  were  all  on  shore  save  three,  and  my  wife  and  self,  when  the  line  broke.  I  thought  then  we  were  not  going  to  get  ashore,  not  having  another  buoy;  however,  I  got  an  empty  chest,  and  they  finally  succeeded  in  getting  hold  of  it,  one  of  the  crew  ashore  going  into  the  surf  av:th  a  line  fast  round  him  for  it.  We  then  all  got  ashore  th  roug  h  the  surf  half  frozen,  an  d  h  a  d  t  o  be  carried  up  the  cliffs  after  we  came  out  of  the  water,  being  so  much  exhausted  We  could  not  stand.  The  people  whose  house  we  were  taken  to  were  very  kind,  and  showed  us  every  attention  they  could.  On  Monday,  the  26th,  it  moderated,  so  that  we  could  go  off  to  her.  I  then  employed  a  lot  of  men  to  save  as  much  of  ;her  as  possible.  We  got  a  good  deal  ashore  of  the  stores,  tic.  ;  but  at  4  p.m.  the  wind  began  to  rise  again,  and  the  wreck  of  the  masts  and  spars  knocking  about  alongside,  rendered  it  impossible  to  get  off  to  her  after  that.  On  the  morning  of  the  27th  it  blew  hard  again,  and  there  was  a  great  deal  of  her  planking,  Bfe.,  coming  ashore  on  the  beach.  I  found  that  she  would  soon  go  to  pieces,  and  called  a  survey  on  Advertiser.  LITERARY  AND  PHILOSOPHICAL  SOCIETY,  Last  night  the  usual  monthly  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  at  seven  o'clock,  in  the  Royal  Institution,  Colquitt-street,,  Mr.  McAndrew,  president,  in  the  chair.  THE  LATE  JOSErg  BROOKS  YATES,  ESQ.  Before  the  general  proceedings  of  the  meeting  were  entered  on  The  Chairman  brought  under  the  notice  of  the  society,  in  conformity  with  a  resolution  of  the  council,  the  loss  which  the  society  had  :sustained  in  the  death  of  Mr.  Joseph  Brooks  Yates,  and  tho  propriety  of  recording  the  sense  of  that  loss,  and  of  considering  an  address  of  condolence  to  the  bereaved  family.  In  suggesting  this  course,  the  Chairman,  said  that  Mr.  Yates  would  be  sensibly  regretted  by  many  of  the  chari charitable  table charitable  institutions  in  the  town,  and  his  memory  long  cherished  in  the  society,  as  one  of  its  most  accomplished  and  zealous  its  interests  during  a  period  of  y  ears  ,  an  d  as  one  who  had  interests  most  at  heart.  The  Rev,  H.  H.  Higgins  moved  the  following  resolution  :  That  this  society,  having  received  from  the  president  the  account  of  the  death  of  Joseph  Brooks  Yates,  Esq  ,  desire  that  an  expression  of  their  profound  sorrow  be  recorded  on  their  minutes,  and  conveyed  to  the  bereaved  family.  As  one  of  its  founders  the  deceased  claimed  the  respect  of  the  society;  and  this  became  the  priTate  feeling  of  the  members  from  those  qualities  which  eminently  distinguished  him.  To  an  untiring  zeal  was  added  the  mature  experienle  of  ripsned  years,  which  led  the  society  to  receive  his  councils  with  attention  ;  while  his  extensive  knowledge  of  balks  lettras,  and  the  fine  arts,  enabled  him  frequently  to  lay  the  fruits  of  his  researches  before  th  e  society.  Thus  did  h  e  d  ou  bl  y  earn  t  h  e  devottorrof  the  society  which  now  mourn  his  In  moving  the  6s  - STYLE=superscript  olution  the  rev.  gentleman  said  that  he  was  glad  to  have  the  opportunity  of  being  present,  though  the  duty  which  he  was  called  on  to  perform  was  a  melancholy  one,  They  had  last  one  who  had  been  the  chief  support  of  the  society,  and  whose  extensive  stores  of  Lmowledge  had  made  themselves  felt  in  nearly  every  discussion  at'  their  meet  i  ngs,  and  added  greatly  to  the  interest  of  their  proceedings.  He  believed  that  many  of  the  society  would  mourn  ha  him  not  only  one  whom  they  had  been  delighted  to  meet  as  a  member  of  their  society,  but  also  as  a  private  friend  :  as  one  whose  hospitality  had  been  remarkable,  and  whose  benevolence  bad  made  him  the  bene benefactor  factor benefactor  of  many  of  the  charitable  Institutions  of  the  town.  There  had  been  much  centered  in  Mr.  Fates  that  shonld  make  all  who  knew  him  deeply  feel  his  loss,  and  in  moving  the  resolution  which  he  now  placed  before  the  society,  he  (the  Rev.  Mr.  Higgins)  was  sure  that  it  would  meet  with  an  unanimous  accord.  Mr.  Salt  seconded  the  resolution,  briefly  observing  that  from  a  long  acquaintance  with  Mr.  Yates,  he  could  truthfully  re reecho  echo reecho  all  that  had  peen  so  well  expressed  by  the  mover,  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted,  The  general  business  of  the  meeting  was  then  proceeded  with.  At  an  extraordinary  meeting  held  previously,  it  was  resoled,  that  the  period  during  which  members  may  compound  for  life  membership,  at  £5  55.,  exclusive  of  entrance  fee,  be  extended  to  the  end  of  the  present  session,  for  members  admitted  prior  to  the  end  of  January,  1856,  The  Rev.  Mr.  FisChall  was  eletecd  a  member  of  the  council.  Mr.  Bess,  of  the  firm  of  Yates  and  Hess,,  was  introduced  a  member  of  the  society,  and  Mr.  0.  E.  Rawlins,  junior,  was  elected  a  member  Mr.  T.  C  Archer  submitted  a  drawing  of  the  microscopic  appearance  of  the  siliceous  spicules  of  the  new  species  o  f  (belonging  to  the  genus  Geodea)  found  by  the  President,  Robert  Mae  Andrew,  Esq  ,  in  deep  water  off  the  coast  of  Nor Norway;  way; Norway;  and  also  an  unusually  large  cluster  of  the  palm  oil  palm.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Higgins  exhibited  an  extraordinary  specimen  ,f  veget  a  ble  substance,  thrown  up  in  a  lake  near  Ellesmere,  in  Shropshire  (closely  resembling  a  pile  of  felt  in  the  shape  of  a  hussar's  cap),  called,  in  the  neighbourhood,  a  (lake's)  It  belongs  to  Mr.  Elljon,  chemist  and  druzz4st.  Mr.  Blocam  called  the  attention  of  the  society  to  an  alleged  important  discovery  by  a  Belgian  lady,  of  a  process  by  means  of  which  liquified  ivory  is  employed  to  take  the  impres impression  sion impression  of  bas  reliefs,  and  sculpture  of  the  largest  dimensions.  Reduced  to  a  paste,  the  ivory  is  run  into  a  mould,  without  any  pressure,  and  when  it  has  ret  urned  to  a  solid  state,  it  renders  the  models  in  the  most  perfect  exactness,  even  in  the  most  delicate  detail.  Having  no  knowledge  of  the  large  siz  e  ,  i  n  a  rooess  confounded  at  seeing  b  as  relief:  ,  ,one  was  of  a  very  p  single  piece  of  ivory,  The  sculptured  sides  of  th  e  c  h  o  i  r  o  f  Notre  Dame,  in  Paris,  have  just  beep  reproduced  by  this  new  method.  An  interesting  conversation  took  place  on  this  electro-type  plating,  and  other  cognate  discoveries  in  the  arts:  The  subject  of  the  evening's  discussion,  was  a  discourse  by  Mr,  J.  T.  Towson,  the  Instruments  used  in  their  obser observations  vations observations  by  th  e  Li  verpool  Compass  Mr.  RtrAdell,  one  of  the  members  of  the  committee,  also  gave  some  interesting  details  in  connection  with  the  series  of  A...--ations  now  being  conducted  by  the  Liverpool  Compass  ittee.  It  was  rumoured  yes►erday  that  the  assistant  barrister barristership  ship barristership  of  Wexford,  vacant  by  the  appointment  of  Mr.  Sausse,  Q.  C..  to  a  seat  on  the  Bombay  bench,  has  been  given  to  coleman  (Yl  4  oghlon,  Bartq  TRADE  REPORT.  ---MONDAY.  COTTON  :  The  Cotton  market  has  been  dull  to  day;  the  demand  has  been  moderate,  the  supply  greatly  in  excess  of  present  requirements,  and  prices  e  1  per  lh  lower  than  on  Friday  last.  The  sales—including  200  Pernambuco,  OP  to  61-d  ;  200  Bahia,  s'd  to  6d  ;  200  Maranham,  to  6d  200  _Egyptian,  64d  to  81d;  1000  Su  ra  t,  3ad  to  4/d—a  re  reported  6000  bales,  of  which  1000  are  on  speculation  and  for  export.  A  RGOLS  About  60  casks  and  cases  have  been  sold,  at  prices  not  to  transpi  re  .  Th  e  quotat  i  ons  now,  are—Perupas  and  Bolognas  82s  6d:  red  Oporto's,  43s  to  445.  ANNArro  :  Small  sales  at  11d.  ASHES  BRIMSTONE  for  best  seconds,"
