text
"COUNTY  COURT.  YESTERDAY  The  Court  sat  at  10  o'clock  yesterday.  JOHN  Ilnax.n.  v.  JOHN  JONES.—This  was  an,  d  ot,  which  the  plaintiff  sought  to  recover  £6  from  the  ne,1,0  a  balance  of  rents  which  the  l  a  tt  er  h  a  d  b  ee  n  employee,;:dto  to  collect,  The  defendant  it  a  pp  eare  d  had  been  o STYLE=superscript  e STYLE=superscript  llec  e  rents,  for  the  plaintiff  up  to  Jan  uar  y  l  as  t.  Plaintiff  aoog  that  in  several  instances  parties  had  been  returned  a  s STYLE=superscript  no  de  sums  of  money,  which;  it  subseque  n  tly  appeared,  WI  a  e  feir  arrear  at  all.  It  was  finally  agreed  that  the  books  woof  dant  should  be  referred  for  arbitration  to  a  party  to  be;  f  ,  by  both,  and  the  verdict  should  then  be  returned  in  .4g  dance  with  the  award  of  the  arbiters.  ELIZABETH  GOULEURN  v.  THOMAS  MACER  II STYLE=superscript  &#34;'&#34;  --. STYLE=superscript  s  o  plaintiff  sought  to  recover  £5  Bs.  being  part  of  a  r  b  e  .  of  money  deposited  in  defendant's  hands  upon  Il  e STYLE=superscript  t  ot  half.  On  4ie  part  of  the  plaintiff,  it  was  stateaiihs.  her  husband,  who  had  been  in  the  e  mpl  o  y  of  the  '''  ss  o  dant,  was  killed  at  the  Corn  Exchange,  and  .  3 STYLE=superscript  V  of  money  was  raised  by  subscription  amount  ''dot  £3O,  which  was  placed  in  the  hands  of  &amp;f  eu STYLE=superscript  .  Ti  l  e  for  the  benefit  of  the  widow  and  her  farailY,..,H.  apt,  defendant  had  paid  her  £24  12s.  leaving  £5  Bs.  snt.  which  the  action  was  brought  to  recover.  The  deiel  l STYLE=superscript  t  upon  the  other  hand,  put  in  a  set-off  for  35  weeks'  repot  cottage,  with  fire  and  gas,  at  4s,  per  week.  Mr.  fiff  appeared  for  the  .  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Wheeler  for  the  de  ts/  dant.  The  plaintiff  on  examination  stated  that  during  ,  tsg  e  husband's  life,  and  subsequently,  she  had  lived  in  c  ef  belonging  to  the  defendant,  which  was  allowed  to  them  free  rent,  her  hnsband  attending  to  the  defendant's  hors  e STYLE=superscript  l  ie  car,  and  after  his  death,  she  herself  cleaning  his  offiees.  Ns  ..4,  husband  during  his  life  time  received  18s.  a  week  ~71  1  11  After  his  death,  Mr,  Mackrel  told  her  that  she  'le  , STYLE=superscript  occupy  the  house  as  long  as  she  pleased.  Mr.  Mackrel  posed  that  the  husband  of  the  defendant  was  originallY4  ployed  by  his  father  at  245.  a  week.  He  was  subscan  e STYLE=superscript  '  employed  by  defendant,  as  a  common  labourer,  at  Iss  week,  and  then  as  a  joiner's  labourer,  for  which  he  rece!  ho  the  same  wages  as  he  had  formerly  from  defendant's  f  3 STYLE=superscript  O  Ol  245.  a  week,  or  18s.  in  money,  and  the  cottage,  with  fired  gas,  at  6s.  a  week.  After  the  death  of  plaintiff's  husball  fe  r  (defendant)  had  exerted  himself  to  raise  a  subscriptio  n STYLE=superscript  o  her,  and  put  down  his  own  name  for  £5.  H  e  also  .—u  ~,311°0  her  to  have  the  house  for  4s.  a  we  e  k  i  ns  t  ea  d  o  f  6s°  l STYLE=superscript  4si  I  do  not  think,  upon  th  e  ev  id  ence  ,  even  o  f  h  erse  lf,  thatit  intended  Mrs.  Goulburn  should  have  this  cottage  fre  e STYLE=superscript  '  should  put  down  the  cottage  as  being  given  to  her  forfo,  week,  but  I  shall  allow  her  Is.  a  week  to  be  paid  for  her  services  in  cleaning  the  place.—The  COURT  finally  tt  that  the  amount  in  the  hands  of  the  defendant  was  no' STYLE=superscript  than  sufficient  to  cover  the  rent  due,  and  defendant  cow'  to  pay  the  costs  of  the  action.  READ  V.  WYNNE.  —This  was  an  action  brought  for  pl  e STYLE=superscript  !:  cal  and  surgical  attendance.—  Mr.  MARTIN  appeared  f  or STYLE=superscript  wife  of  the  defendant.  It  appeared  that  defendant  biall  had  been  absent  from  this  country,  in  Melbourne,  for4iit  years,  and  his  wife  and  family  were  residing  in  Eirkenot  occupying  different  lodgings  from  those  in  whi  c  h  def'  J  r  himself  had  resided.  A  question  was  raised  whether  thei  fendant  being  out  of  the  country,  the  service  of  a  sin  et  ,  at  the  residence  of  his  wife,  was  sufficient  under  the  A,  to  Parliament,  which  required  such  notice  as  would  e  nable  party  to  appear  in  person,  or  by  an  attorne:ry  agent.  His  Horton  said  the  question  was  a  very  se  r/ STYLE=superscript  s  , STYLE=superscript  ',  one,  which  affected  the  jurisdiction  of  the  ,  in  a  great  many  cases,  and  he  should  therefore  give  t  i  s  :  best  consideration,  and  enquire  into  the  practice  of  courts.  It  was  a  matter  of  great  importance,  and  I,  probably  affect  a  greater  number  of  cases  there  than  in  other  part  of  the  kingdom.  The  case  was  therefore  orde  r STYLE=superscript  `  to  stand  over  until  the  24th  instant.  COMMITTAL  OF  A  WrrNEss.—ln  the  case  of  Flete'  ?  Richardson,  which  was  a  n  ac  ti  on  f  or  wearing  apparel  0,  by  plaintiff.  The  wife  of  defendant,  who  had  ordered  go.  o  was  examined,  and  gave  her  evidence  in  a  manner  so  eva  si STYLE=superscript  l  i  as  to  receive  several  rebukes  f  rom  th  e  C  our  t.  P  os  itive  i  p  dente  was  given  by  the  plaintiff  that  the  goods  were  ord  which  Mr.  Richardson  endeavoured  to  deny.  His  gent  last  said—You  are  a  very  ill-conducted  person,  and  I  do  know  whether  I  ought  not  send  you  to  trial  for  perjury'  this  woman  be  taken  into  custody,  and  locked  up  ;  swers  are  such  as  I  cannot  allow  to  be  given  in  a  Cot'  f STYLE=superscript  justice  without  considering  what  I  should  do  with  nit  , STYLE=superscript  shall  give  no  verdict  in  this  case  for  the  present.  The,  e  i  ness  was  then  removed  in  custody.  At  the  rising  °  i  )  Court,  she  was  again  brought  up,  and  his  110Noii  sal  c  ol  have  been  very  doubtful  what  I  should  do  with  you,  ft  not  only  did  not  answer  the  questions,  but  yo  u  h  a  ve  to  v  i  a  variety  of  things  which  I  believe  are  falsehoods.  1  3311 STYLE=superscript  .  -  f  oo  at  all  certain  whether  I  am  acting  rightly  in  not  sendil  o  ct.  for  trial.  Th  e  woman  expresse  d  regret  at  her  o  rl STYLE=superscript  d  COURT  :  You  may  be  now  discharged;  but  I  entertal,  4 STYLE=superscript  V  doubt  whether  lam  right  in  doing  so.  A  verdict'  for  the  plaintiff.but  Several  other  cases  were  heard  d  ur  i  ng  the  day,  bn bnpossessed  possessed bnpossessed  no  public  importance."
