text
"result  of  drunkenness,  ignorance;  and  a  regard  of  hose  reverses  to  which  labour  is  exposed  as  well  as  c  7  other  means  of  existence  there  lies  t  t  of  crime  in  the  mult  loyment  slackens  and  hecom  munerative,  the  hotbeds  of  outrage  must  neces  lrily  be  enlarged,  and  the  danger  to  life  and  property  proportionably  augmented.  If  a  sudden  and  general  outburst  of  crime  cannot  be  accounted  for  in  this  way,  what  are  we  to  ascribe  it  , STYLE=superscript  to  ?  If,  in  tracing  the  cause,  we  can  only  partly  approximate  to  the  truth,  the  Legislature  should  •-  .  - STYLE=superscript  Y  , STYLE=superscript  Tnediate  attention  to  whatever  may  be  The  police  must  redouble  _,  and  the  magistrates  must  exert  ~,Eves  to  see  that  they  do  so.  The  public  must  be  protected,  and  the  law  enforced  against  deemed  its  origin,  thems  offenders.  But  Parliament  must  turn  to  the  origin  of  crime,  whatever  it  may  be,  and  endeavour  to  remove  such  a  scourge  from  the  heart  of  society.  Every  church  must  be  up  and  doing.  The  foun  tains  of  charity  and  ligh  must  pour  forth  all  the  help  they  can  impart,  and  the  few  monsters  of  creation  must  be  made  men,  at  any  sacrifice  on  the  part  of  the  moral  an  - STYLE=superscript  1  religious  portions  of  the  com community.  munity. community.  Some  of  our  leading  cotemporaries  invoke  the  aid  of  a  hanging  judge,  and  an  indefatigable  Jack  Ketch,  in  this  Christian  work.  But  had  the  great  y  and  ci  isation  been  left  in  such  hands,  necessary  though  they  may  be  at  the  last  hour  of  a  career  of  crime,  the  world  would  scarcely  present  the  bright  and  encouraging  hopes  it  does,  even  though  our  gaols  may  be  full,  and  our  highways  tainted  with  abomination  and  danger  to  life.  Crime  is,  after  all,  the  portion  of  the  few  ;  virtue,  honesty,  and  uprightness,  the  inheritance  of  the•  millions.  They  receive  these  cardinal  virtues  as  an  heir-loom,  and,  while  they  remain  the  pass-words  and  counter-signs  of  Christendom,  crime  can  never  prevail,  and  each  man  has  only  to  do  his  duty  to  society  to  erase  the  plague  -spot  from  its  fair  fac  THE  establishment  of  a  Railway  Reform  Asso•  elation  is  a  bitter  reproach  to  the  morality—tit(  honesty—of  the  times  in  which  we  live  world  that  corruptipn,  jobbery  commer  It  pro(  exist,  more  or  less,  in  the  bosom  of  every  railway  director  in  the  kingdom  Whether  tigation  will  justify  such  a  and  spoliat  time  and  future  nyt  wholesale  imputa  while,  there  mains  to  be  seen  Mean,  stands  the  charge  recorded  at  a  public  meeting  in  th  shareholders  of  ever  supposed  to  be  represente"
