text
"THE  SANDWICH  ISLANDS.  Considering  the  publicity  lately  given,  in  our  columns,  to  an  official  correspondence  which  took  place  last  autumn  in  Honolulu,  of  the  Sandwich  Islands,  and  the  importance  it  is  likely  to  exercise  on  the  rumoured  question  of  the  anuexion  of  those  Islands  to  the  United  States,  it  must  be  interest interesting  ing interesting  to  our  readers  to  know  something  of  one  of  the  principal  actors,  and  to  be  made  aware  of  the  highly  respectable  character  of  Mr.  Robert  Crichton  Wylie,  who,  at  present  holds  the  portfolio  of  the  foreign  secretaryship  of  the  Hawaiian  Govern Government.  ment. Government.  _  .  Mr.  Wyllie  is  the  son  of  one  of  that  respectable  and  substantial  class  of  men,  who  have  conferred  on  Scotland  much  of  its  intrinsic  worth—an  inde independent  pendent independent  heritor  ;  or,  as  they  were  wont  to  be  called  in  days  of  yore,  a  Bonnet  born,  at  his  father's  residence,  near  Dunlop,  in  Ayrshire,  about  the  commencement  of  the  present  century,  and  he  soon  distinguished  himself  at  a  school  in  the  neighbourhood.  Fortunately,  for  young  Wyllie—and  many  more  similarly  situated—the  present  popular  incumbent  of  St.  Enoch  s,  Glasgow,  the  Rev.  Dr.  Barr,  was  then  industriously  working  himself  into  notice  and  celebrity;  and  as  a  means  to  this  end,  occupied  him himself  self himself  in  teaching  a  limited  number  of  pupils  in  one  of  the  adjacent  towns.  The  subject  of  our  memoir  was  placed  under  Mr.  Barr's  charge,  who  soon  recog recognised  nised recognised  in  his  pupil  a  Mind  and  talents  of  no  com common  mon common  order,  and  dedicated  more  than  usual  atten attention  tion attention  to  his  instruction  ;  while  it  is  gratifying  to  know,  that  the  unequal  relation  of  master  and  scholar  gradually  transformed  itself,  in  later  years,  into  that  of  friendship  and  mutual  esteem.  Mr.  Wyllie  having  chosen  the-  medical  profession  to  be  that  of  his  future  career,  he  passed  from  Ayrshire  to  College,  and  after  the  usual  course  of  study  took  out  his  diploma  as  a  surgeon,  and  in  following  up  this  course,  chose  Chili  as  the  field  of  his  labours.  He  did  not  practice  long  at  Valparaiso  ;  his  cha characteristic  racteristic characteristic  shrewdness  having  soon  revealed  to  him  that,  in  those  incipient  days  of  the  independency  of  those  countries,  there  was  more  to  be  made  by  commerce  than  by  medicine.  Having,  therefdre.  resolved  to  throw  physic  to  the  he  purchased  a  small  vessel,  loaded  her  with  suitable  Bri British  tish British  and  American  manufactures,  and  carried  them  to  the  coast  of  Mexico.  There  he  met  with  great  success,  and  ballasting  his  small  vessel  with  copper,  he  set  out  for  Calcutta  with  the  specie  proceeds  of  his  first  adventure.  Meeting  there  with  many  friends,  he  had  little  difficulty  in  selling  his  Chilian  vessel,  and  in  mak making  ing making  a  still  better  investment,  with  which,  on  one  of  the  large  Calcutta  ships,  he  returned  to  Mexico;  and  entering  into  partnership  with  one  of  the  rich richest  est richest  and  most  influential  natives  on  the  coast,  ho  took  up  his  residence  in  San  Sebastina,  and,  in  a  few  years,  by  their  united  exertions  and  enterprise,  Mr.  Wyllie  amassed  a  fortune  sufficient  to  enable  him  to  return  home,  and  enjoy  society  much  more  congenial  to  the  cultivated  state  of  his  mind  and  to  his  aspirations.  For  many  years  subsequent  to  1831,  he  was  known  in  the  city  as  a  successful  dealer  in  foreign  securities,  and  had  his  office  in  Pinner's  Court,  Old  Broad-street.  In  the  metropolis  of  this  coun country,  try, country,  as  in  other  places,  he  soon  brought  himself  into  respectable  notice.  His  practical  and  accurate  knowledge  of  foreign  countries,  and  their  financial  resources—especially  those  in  America  which  had  won  their  independence  from  Spain—his  perspica perspicacity  city perspicacity  and  assiduity  in  unravelling  financial  state statements,  ments, statements,  however  mystified  by  interested  parties,  and  his  indefatigable  attention  to  business,  soon  placed  him  amongst  those  in  the  first  rank  of  dealers  in  foreign  loans—perhaps  the  most  influ influential  ential influential  class  in  the  city.  To  Mr.  Wyllie  they  were  chiefly  indebted  for  the  memorable  classification—the  various  borrowing  governments  into  and  repudiating  states  and  His  pamphlet  on  this  absorbing  subject  at  the  time  will  not  soon  be  forgotten.  It  completed  his  reputation  ;  and  when  the  re repudiating  pudiating repudiating  system  had  assumed  so  menacing  a  gravity,  such  as  to  embarrass  the  fortunes  of  many,  Mr.  Wyllie  was  one  of  the  commissioners  chosen  by  the  committee  of  American  bond-holders  to  proceed,  accompanied  by  some  of  the  most  respectable  men  of  the  city,  to  the  United  States,  and  endeavour  to  prevail  on  the  local  governments  of  the  repudiating  states,  to  change  their  system,  and  to  amend  their  legislation  on  so  impolitic  a  procedure.  After  fulfilling  what  he  considered  his  part  of  the  onerous  duty  thus  laid  on  him,  rendered  doubly  interesting  to  himself  from  the  deep  stake  which  he  held  in  American  societies,  he  proceeded  to  Mexico  to  re-visit  his  old  haunts  ;  and  there  meet meeting  ing meeting  with  Colonel  Miller,  then  on  his  way  to  assume  the  honourable  post  of  British  consul-general  at  the  Sandwich  Islands,  with  whom  he  had  been  on  terms  of  intimacy  when  Colonel  Miller  served  in  the  South  American  army,  Mr.  Wyllie  was  induced  to  accompany  him,  it  is  believed,  more  from  a  desire  to  visit  these  remote  islands,  and  to  proceed  home  from  them  by  way  of  China  or  India  as  oppor opportunities  tunities opportunities  might  occur.  On  reaching  the  islands,  Mr.  Wyllie  found  them  in  that  transition  state,  which  to  a  mind  like  his,  enthusiastic  for  improvement,  and  for  doing  good  to  his  fellow  creatures,  was  deeply  interesting  ;  and  admiring  the  Haweiian  race,  as  superior  to  the  general  run  of  the  Pacific  islands,  they  en enlisted  listed enlisted  his  sympathies,  and  he  at  once  threw  him himself,  self, himself,  with  all  his  acquirements,  experience,  and  energies  into  their  cause.  About  this  time  the  Sandwich  Islands  had  assumed  the  liberal,  popular  form  of  constitutional  government,  and  Mr.  Wyllie  accepted  one  of  the  secretaryships,  the  portfolio,  we  believe,  of  the  home  department.  In  this  branch  of  the  execu executive  tive executive  his  labours  were  unremitting,  and  crowned  with  such  success,  that.  in  1847,  it  was  estimated  there  were  more  accurate  statements,  both  of  the  trade  and  agriculture  of  these  islands,  than  of  any  country  in  Europe  ;  and  more  children  at  school,  in  proportion  to  the  population,  than  even  there  are  in  France.  Recognising  the  benefit  to  be  derived  from  the  press,  of  having  an  organ  of  the  government,  and  ft  means  of  communicating  freely  amongst  the  people,  and  the  several  islands  of  the  group,  Mr.  Wyllie  applied  his  influence  to  originate,  and,  sub subsequently  sequently subsequently  in  keeping  up,  the  Polynesian,  a  paper  which  does  every  credit  to  its  originator  and  to  the  government  by  which  it  is  fostered.  His  influence  was  also  brought  to  bear  on  the  establishing  of  a  free  public  library  at  Honolulu—the  selection  in  which  is  excellent,  and  consists  of  many  volumes.  Latterly,  the  charge  of  the  foreign  relations  of  the  Hawaiian  group  has  been  confided  to  Mr.  Wyllie.  The  firmness  and  energy  which  he  displayed,  a  year  or  two  ago,  in  settling  the  pretensions  brought  forward  by  the  commander  of  the  French  marine  in  those  waters,  afforded  one  proof  of  his  decision  of  character,  love  of  independence,  and  determina determinatioa  tioa determinatioa  to  preserve  the  rights  and  privileges  of  the  government  intact  ;  and  the  late  stand  which  he  has  singly  and  so  successfully  made  against  the  en encroachments  croachments encroachments  of  the  United  States,  authorises  the  to  expect  that  so  long  as  Mr.  ILULUS  portfolio  of  f  oreen,  •  no  surrender  will  be  to  their  leviathan  neighbours,  of  one  jot  or  tittle  of  the  integrity  of  the  Hawaiian  group,  although  they  may,  like  a  cluster  of  ripe  grapes,  have  been  dangling  in  brother  Jonathan's  eyes  , STYLE=superscript  and  dazzling  his  vision  for  some  time  past.  Nay,  from  what  we  know  of  Mr.  Wyllie's  procedure  on  former  occasions,  we  would  venture  to  predict  that,  ifleft  to  act,  and  gets  fair  play,  the  Scotch  laird  n  ill  clap  his  Ayrshire  bonnet  on  Mr.  LUTHER  SEVERANCE,  and  extinguish  for  ever  both  him  and  his  hopes  of  annexation.  [We  have  the  high  gratification  of  being  for  many  years  personally  acquainted  with  Mr.  Robert  C.  Wyllie.  and  feel  no  common-place  pleasure  in  bearing  testimony  to  the  accuracy  of  this  memoir.—  ED.  N.  D.  T.]  THE  EARL  OF  HAREWOOD  AND  Ins  TENANTRY.  We  have  the  authority  of  the  steward  of  the  Earl  of  Harewood,  and  two  highly  respectable  tenants  upon  his  lordship's  estates,  to  give  the  fullest  contradiction  to  a  paragraph  which  appeared  in  our  last,  respecting  the  alleged  recal  of  the  return  made  to  the  tenantry  some  time  back.  —Leeds  Times.  DEATH  OF  TIIE  EARL  OF  DARTMOUTH.—  We  have  to  record  the  death  of  this  respected  peer,  who  expired  on  Tuesday  last,  at  Patshall,  the  family  seat  in  Staffordshire,  after  a  short  illness.  The  deceased  nobleman  was  fourth  earl.  He  was  born  1784,  and  married,  first,  in  1 STYLE=superscript  8  21 STYLE=superscript  ,  the  eldest  daught  er  o  f  th  e  second  Earl  Talbot;  and,  secondly,  in  1828,  the  second  daughter  of  Viscount  Barrington.  His  lordship's  son  by  his  first  marriage,  Viscount  Lewisham,  M.P.  for  South  Staff  or  d  s  hi  re  ,  su  cceeds  to  his  titles  and  estates."
