text
".11  Oh,  wad  some  power  the  giftie  gie  us,  To  see  Ourselves  as  others  see  (Cheers.)  Mr.  LYNCH  said  that  was  the  first  time  he  had  ever  ap appeared  peared appeared  before  a  public  meeting  in  his  life,  and  it  was  a  sense  of  duty  which  induced  him  to  come  forward  and  contradict  some  of  the  statements  made  at  the  late  meeting  of  the  master  shipwrights  of  Liverpool.  He  and  his  friends  were  not  altogether  speech-makers,  they  were  better  ship-makers.  (Laughter  and  cheers.)  But  it  required  very  little  oratory  to  tell  the  truth,  and  he  thought  it  was  a  duty  incumbent  upon  every  man  to  come  forward  upon  an  occasion  like  that  and  express  his  indignation  relative  to  that  late  meeting.  of  masters.  (Hear,  hear.)  One  great  questi  o  n  w  hi  c  h  involved  the  interests  and  the  rights  of  the  working  man  was  very  often  lost  sight  of,  that  was  the  profit  which  he  ought  to  have  out  of  his  labour.  Every  body  through  whose  hands  money  passed  had  that  profit,  and  the  working  man  seldom  or  never  had  it.  The  working  man  ought  tobe  in  a  positionthat  when  he  received  his  week's  wages  on  the  Saturday  evening,  he  could  put  a  portion  of  it  up  and  say,  that  will  keep  me  comfortable  for  the  That  was  what  he  called  the  profit  upon  his  labour.  As  to  a  fixed  rate  of  wages  he  had  no  objection,  nor  did  he  think  any  man  in  'that  place  had.  Circumstances  like  the  present  did  not  often  occur,  and  where  they  did  occur,  a  rise  in  wages  would  inevitably  take  place,  without  the  men  asking  for  it.  Some  of  the  merchants  had  been  honorable  enough  to  We  are  doing  very  well  ourselves,  and  we  don't  care  about  giving  you  a  shilling  or  two  more  (Hear,  hear.)  He  had  a  very  painful  duty  to  perform  in  referring  to  Mr.  Royden's  statement.  He  said  that  half  of  them  were  in  a  state  of  starvation  at  present.  Now  such  language  was  very  unbecoming  the  character  of  a  gpntleman  and  an  employer.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  could  stand  up  there  and  boldly  tell  that  gentleman  that  the  great  majority  of  the  shipwrights  of  that  town  were  not  only  comfortably  circumstanced,  but  he  did  not  think  they  were  at  any  period  so  comfortably  circum circumstanced  stanced circumstanced  as  at  present;  and  the  great  majority  of  them  had  a  little  money  by  them  to  add  to  their'  comforts  if  required.  (Cheers.)  Allusion  had  been  made  to  the  apprentices  and  the  men  as  being  all  one,  which  he  should  contradict  plainly  as  a  falsehood.  It  was  said  that  the  apprentices  had  no  cause  to  form`  'associations.  The  apprentices  belonging  to  associations  were  in  very  few  instances  younger  than  17  or  18,  and  they  were  moving  on  with  the  spirit  of  the  age.  He  said  there  was  good  cause  for  their  forming  associations.  (Hear,  hear.)  Accidents  frequently  occurred  amongst  them  :  a  journeyman  shipwright  might  get  his  kg  or  his  arm  broken,  and  many  of  the  shipwrights  wound  - STYLE=superscript  not  have  the  honor  or  the  gentlemanly  conduct  to  pay  them  their  wages,  which  showed  the  necessity  of  an  association  for  apprentices.  Moreover  they  gained  in  these  societies  the  knowledge  how  to  raise  themselves  in  the  world,  and  how  the  affairs  of  men  were  conducted  in  an  honest  manner.  They  were  only  fol following  lowing following  in  the  steps  of  the  masters,  who  formed  themselves  into  associations.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  masters  only  called  that  body  a  club,  but  if  the  secretary  had  read  report  of  their  last  yearly  proceedings,  the  meeting  would  see  how  much  sick  and  death  money  that  society  had  paid,  which  would  be  a  credit  to  the  Shipwrights  of  Liverpool.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  He  regretted  much  that  . STYLE=superscript  he  could  not  pass  over  without  a  remark  the  observations  of  Mr.  Fitzpatrick.  That  gentleman  made  such  a  rambling  speech  that  if  he  (the  speaker)  had  not  seen  that  it  was  applauded  he  should  have  thought  he  was  not  in  his  senses.  (Laughter.)  He  *would  pass  him  over  as  one  of  the  enlightened  members  of  stupidity.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  Mr.  QUINE  said  an  opinion  rested  among  the  public  of  Liverpool,  that  it  was  the  high  rate  of  wages  paid  in  that  port  that  made  the  Dock  Committee  get  other  ports  to  have  vessels  built.  A  particular  allusion  had  been  made  to  No.  2  pilot  boat,  which  was  built  in  Ipswich.  An  editor  of  a  newspaper  stated  that  there  was  a  difference  of  £5OO  in  its  cost  from  what  it  would  be  in  that  port.  Now,  suppose  that  pilot  boat  was  about  70  tons,  and  that  £2  10s.  per  ton  was  given  for  building  the  hull,  while  the  highest  rate  of  wages  ever  paid  in  that  port,  the  average  being  from  £2  to  £2  55.,  that  would  be,  for  building  the  hull,  £175.  For  finishing  the  decks,  .  say  £25.  Making  and  finishing  the  masts,  £1  14s  ;  bowsprit,  £1  ss.  ;  boom,  £l.3s.  ;  gaff,  14s  ;  the  square  sail  yard,  9s.  6d.  That  would  give  a  total  for  shipwright  labour,  of  £205  ss.  6d.  Now  he  had  been  credibly  informed  that  the  boat  built  in  Ipswich  cost  £1,200.  That  would  leave  for  the  master  ship  builder  £994  14s.  6d.  That  he  thought,  was  an  extravagant  and  an  extortionate  price  for  the  master  shipbuilders,  and  that  it  was  which  was  draw drawing  ing drawing  away  shipbuilding  from  the  port,  not  the  wages  of  the  artizan.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  PHILIP  KELLY  called  the  attention  of  the  meeting  to  what  had  been  the  system  of  shipbuilding  in  the  port  of  Liverpool,  and  what  was  the  present  system  carried  out  by  the  master  shipbuilders.  He,  for  one,  had  a  sympathy  with  them,  inasmuch  as  a  few  years  ago  they  had  to  grapple  with  very  great  disadvantages.  For  instance,  they  had  to  remove  from  where  the  Brunswick  Dock  now  is,  at  least  a  great  many  of  them,..  down  to  where  the  Albert  lock  now  is.  -  -  WS/  la.  AAA/  ..1.7•  From  that  they  had  to  remove,  s  o  me  t  o  th  e  nor  th  en  d,  TT STYLE=superscript  and  some  elsewhere,  and  some  nowhere.  Some,  he  believed,  had  not  carried  on  the  shipbuilding  department  from  that  time  to  the  present.  The  heads  of  the  town,  in  his  opinion,  did  not  encourage  shipbuilding  in  that  respeet.  So  far STYLE=superscript  as STYLE=superscript  that  'went  he  deeply  s  ympathised  with  the  shipbuilders  of  Liverpool.  But  what  had  they  done  themselves  of  late  to  shew  to  the  public  that  they  had  been  anxious  themselves  to  encourage  shipbuilding  in  that  port  ?  Where  were  their  cranes  for  lifting  heavy:weights,  such  as  placing  booms  in  ships,  and  other  conveniences  for  building  ships  ?  Would  any  gentleman,  any  master  shipwright,  say  that  such  a  thing  was  impossible  to  have  sheds  to  build  ships  under,  and  for  men  to  work  under,  and  thus  prevent  loss  of  time  ?  Recollect  that  Liverpool  was  acknowledged  to  be  the  greatest  depot  in  the  world,  and  he  asked  the  meeting  should  not  the  shipbuilding  department  be  most  flourishing  there  ?  There  was  a  river  near  them,  about  80  or  90  miles  'off,  at  Worrington,  and  in  that  little  place  there  were  sheds  which  did  not  cost  more  than  £250  for  its  erection,  and  let  them  recollect  that  every  shed  was  not  simply  for  one  ship,  but  that  each  shed  w  ould  last  for  many  years.  Now  the  masters  themselves,  in  Liverpool,  had  not  manifested  any  anxiety  for  encouraging  shipbuilding  in  that  port.  There  were  very  few  men  at  a  time  employed  in  each  shipbuilding  yard.  The  system  of  the  masters,  to  his  own  knowledge,  for  the  last  fifteen  years  at  least,  had  been  that  in  the  fram framing  ing framing  of  a  ship  they  had  perhaps  only  from  two  to  four  men,  or  six  men,  framing  it,  and  perhaps  they  might  have  two  men  or  four  men  planking  it.  At  the  same  time  they  might  have  several  hands  working  out.  It  was  the  very  hard  and  slavish  work  which  kept  men  out  of  the  yards,  because  as  soon  as  a  ship  was  come  to  the  heaviest  work  a  few  more  hands  were  brought  in  for  the  finishing,  the  squaring  down  of  the  planking,  and  caulking.  He  would  like  to  ask  any  man  if  he  would  suffer  to  have  a  ruined  constitution,  and  to  undergo  such  abject  slavery,  when  he  could  go  elsewhere  and  get  employment,  and  be  allowed  to  work  as  a  man  should  work,  that  was  comfortably.  (Hear,  hear.)  Would  any  man  submit  to  it  ?  Would  the  masters,  suppose  they  were  placed  in  the  working  man's  shoes  ?  He  thought,  verily,  that  it  had  been  said  that  the  builders  ma manifested  nifested manifested  some  anxiety  to  build  ships,  because  they  wanted  strange  men  to  go  into  the  yards.  He  thought  they  must  be  very  strange  men  indeed,  to  suit  them  or  to  suit  the  work.  (Hear,  hear,  cheers,  and  laughter.)  Surely  they  could  not  be  men  of  flesh  and  blood,  sinews  and  bones,  like  the  men  there  were.  What  were  they  ?  They  could  not  be  of  steel,  for  that  would  be  too  brittle  ;  nor  iron,  for  that  would  be  too  stationary.  (Cheers  and  laughter.)  They  must  be  very  strange  .  men  indeed—so  strange  that  they  could  not  be  found  in  existence.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  was  fully  persuaded  in  his  own  mind,  that  if  the  masters  would  - STYLE=superscript  do  all  they  could  towards  lightening  the  labour,  and  letting  the  men  have  an  opportunity  of  doing  a  fair  day's  work  for  them  in  their  yards,  they  would  get  plenty  of  men,  over  and  above  what  they  wanted  ;  but  as  it  was,  they  kept  the  men  out  of  their  yards,  and  the  few  who  once  got  in  there,  were  fairly  driven  out.  (Cries  of  hear,  hear.)  If  there  were  any  master  present,  let  him  prove  that  he,  as  an  individual,  had  not  acted  in  this  manner.  Was  there  any  gentleman  who  had  done  anything  at  all  to  lighten  labour  ?  He  thought  not  ;  and  he  believed  it  was  only  the  very  slovenly,  unsyste unsystematic  matic unsystematic  way  in  which  shipbuilding  had  been  carried  on  up  to  the  present  moment,  by  wh•loh  tho  troth  d=ine.  u  ut.  of  Liverpool.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  fault,  he  believed,  in  a  great  measure  rested  with  the  masters,  inasmuch  as  the  head  men  in  the  Town-Council  had  given  some  facilities  recently,  which  never  were  offered  before,  and  of  which  the  masters  had  not  availed  themselves.  The  shipbuilders  of  Liverpool  were  certainly  not  a  numerous  class.  They  were  all  called  shipbuilders  who  belonged  to  the  association,  but  very  few  of  them  were  really  so.  If  he  did  not  mistake,  there  were  captains  numbered  amongst  them,  many  of  whom  never  served  a  single  hoUr  to  the  trade,  and  did  not  know  A  from  B.  in  respect  to  the  building  of  a  ship.  He  was  not  there  as  an  advocate  for  men  as  mailers,  but  for  both.  An  impression  had  been  on  his  mind  for  a  length  of  time,  that  it  was  a  pity  some  one  better  able  than  he,  did  not  bring  these  matters  prominently  before  the  public  and  draw  tlic  masters  out  of  their  slovenly  way  of  doing  the  work.  (Hear,  hear).  They  should  avail  themselves  of  the  opportunities  which  had  been  given  to  them  to  the  best  of  their  ability.  As_  that  was  an  age  of  progress,  the  shipbuilding  interest  of  Liverpool  should  surely  not  be  an  exception  to  the  rest  of  the  world,  and  to  his  knowledge,  for  fifteen  or  twenty  years  it  had  been  at  a  stand  still.  (Hear,  hear),  He  was  not  tow  speaking  as  re regarded  garded regarded  th  6  models  of  the  ships,  but  the  system  of  building  and  carrying  on  the  work  of  a  building  yard.  (Hear,  hear).  -  -  -  -  Tile  resolution  was  then  passed  and  unanimously  adopted.  Mr.  HUGHES  Foposed  the  third  resolution,  which  was  as  follows  :  That  in  consequence  of  the  many  attempted  acts  of  op oppression  pression oppression  from  time  to  time  upon  the  part  of  our  employers,  the  members  of  this  association  pledge  themselves  to  use  every  legal  means  in  their  power  to  support  the  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  HironEs,  in  proposing  the  resolution,  described  the  many  acts  which  had  been  done  by  the  socie  for  the  advan advantage  tage advantage  tits  members.  They  paid  each  a  halfpenny  for  every  day  that  theyp,  were  employed,  and  in  the  course  of  the  last  five  years  tht  had  paid  in  sick  money  £4738  13s.  3d.  (Cheers).  They  had  paid  of  death  money,  for  the  interment  of  members  and.  their  wives  and  widows  '  £1,680,  mak making  ing making  a  grand  total  of:  £6;418  13s.  3d.  (Lou  t  h  cheers).  Mr.  LINCERE,  in  seconding  the  resolution,  mentioned  an  instance  of  a  man  who  had  broke  his  arm  in  the  service  of  a  shipbuilder  in  that  town,  and  the  shipbuilder,  to  avoid  -paying  his  wages,  offered  to  send  him  to  Australia,  which  the  man  declined,  saying,  he  might  as  well  starve  in  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  as  there.  (Cheers).  Men  had  also  been  turned  away  for  refusing  to  do  their  work  ill  a  hurried  and  gloyenly  way,"
