text
"an  .continue  to  o  observe  ore  free  from  Syrian  and  cros  )  same  elected  rises  in  quitting  them.  East  'lndia  wools  meet  with  th  degree  of  Oegard  as  hitherto,  and  are  as  carefully  and  cleaned.  These  features  alone  give  this  description  a  pre-eminence  over  most  low  wools,  and  make  it  saleable  at  all  periods.  The  demand  for  Mediterranean  kinds  has  been  limited,  chiefly  to  parcels  long  on  hand  :  the  high  prices  at  the  various  ports  there  preclude  the  possi possibility  bility possibility  of  bringing  it,  unless  at  a  serious  loss  to  the  importer  ;  •  therefore,  when  the  scanty  lots  in  the  market  are  consumed,  there  remains  but  one  alter alternative,  native, alternative,  either  to  be  wi'  hout  wool,  or  give:higher  prices.  There  is  not  the  slightest  prospect  of  holders  on  the  continent  submitting  to  any  reduction.  Good  Turkey  wools,  if  pretty  free  from  scurf,  have  sold  well,  the  inferior  but  slowly.  Bosnia  ha.s:only  been  taken  in  small  quantities,  although  offered  far  below  the  rates  at  the  ports  of  shipment.  Half-fine  Servia  has  been  enquired  for  throughout  the  year,  and  In  good  demand  at  a  price  which  would  only  entail  loss  to  the  importer.  Buenos  Ayres  has  met  with  fair  sale,  and  the  quantity  on  hand  very  trifling.  The  last  accounts  from  that  quarter  inform  us  that  all  the  wools  are  bought  up  and  shipped  to  the  United  States,  and  nothing  coming  here.  Of  Cordova  there  is  a  fair  stock,  which  is  held  firmly  at  higher  rates;  there  is  a  fair  trade  demand.  Iceland,  during  the  year,  has  gone  freely  into  consumption;  and  is  making  greater  way  with  manufacturers.  Donskoi  has  moved  tardily  for  sometime,  but  the  receipts  being  suspended,  the  reduced  bulk  is  stiffly  kept  for  full  prices.  In  Russian  Merino,  no  transactions  for  want  of  arrivals.  Russian  Lambs  have  been  all  cleared,  with  the  xception  of  small  lots,  Autumns  come  under  the  same  category.  From  the  United  States  there  has  been  nothing  ;  the  manufacturers  there  consume  all  the  growth  of  that  country.  Although  the  importations  from  Peru  show  an  increase  over  the  previous  year  of  more  than  three-fourths,  such  has  been  the  scarcity  of  other  sorts  that  the  number  of  ballots  are  reduced  to  , STYLE=superscript  great  limitation,  with  every  prospect  of  an  exhausted  supply  for  a  time.  Both  Peruvian  Sheeps  and  Alpaca  have  experienced  active  sale:  in  most  instances,  the  latter  description  haying-  been  contracted  for  More  arrival.  Mohair  also  has  found  a  good  market,  consumers  operating  with  avidity.  The  Imports  of  wool,  for  the  year,  into  this  port.  number  120,370  bales,  which  shows  an  increase  of  X  0,793  bales  on  the  previous  year's  import.  This  may  be  accounted  for  by  an  increase  in  the  supply  of  Peruvian,  (which  are  only  small  pack packages),  ages), packages),  an  additional  supply  of  Mohair,and  the  Australian,  forwarded  to  London;  the  probability  is,  that  the  receipts  into  all  the  ports  will  manifest  a  great  decline  in  weight  on  low  wools,  which  must  cause  serious  Inconvenienc  e  if  the  present  consumption  is  maintained.  Great  surprise  was  apparent  when  it  became  known  that  the  wool  exported  in  1854  was  double  the  quantity  of  1853,  and  s  till  greater  will  be  the  apprehension  when  it  is  known  that  in  . STYLE=superscript  1865'  the  exportation  of  low  and  twice  the  quantit  was,  one-half  the  rece  ipt  s  ,  y  exported  in  1854.  The  question  now  introduced  is  as  to  future  supply  ;  that  it  will  be  for  some  time  prec  ar  i  ous  and  uncertain  can  not  be  doubted,  and  's  the  manufacturers  of  many  goods  are  entirely  dependent  _lgn  wools,  only  one  prospect  is  prominent,  and  its  Jvidencl  will  be  a  considerable  rise  on  the  present  value.  It  is  quite  certain  parties  will  not  bring  produce  with  the  foretaste  of  inevitable  loss.  The  closing  month  of  the  year  evinced  greater  animation  and  prices  have  also  advanced;  the  miserable  state  of  stocks  of  all  kinds  (East  India  alone  excepted)  has  evidently  opened  the  eyes  of  several  consum consumers,  ers, consumers,  who  have  purchased  at  the  advance  to  some  extent.  A  large  business  is  doing  in  the  woollen  districts,  and  the  mills  well  employed  to  enler,  both  for  the  American  and  other  foreign  markets,  which  with  purposes,  will  most  an  increase  of  c  l  o  thi  ng  f  or  army  assuredly  cause  a  ser  i  ous  d  raw  b  ac  k,  unless  importers  can  find  the  raw  material  remunerative.  A  good  trade  is  now  looked  forward  to,  as  .the  demand  will  be  fully  sustained,  ,nd  on  a  par  with  imfgi  s  s  t  ;  oc  w  ks  oo  rala  wool  will  a  bes  at  so STYLE=superscript  present,ldonl  co  m-  gn  wools  on  forei  ithout  niu  OIL  :  Throupi  t  the  year  the  de-  much  redu,  period  twel  v  quotat  Caused  by  the  Li(  Owing  t')  the  adv  much  d  the  broad  easea,  and  e  below  this  active,  with  h  but  sickly,  ULS  or  the  recent  crop  bring  large,  Ile  prices  of  Tallow,  Palm  Oil  has  been  part  remarked  to  the  last.  s  The  culation, STYLE=superscript  and  Olive  Oil  imp  g STYLE=superscript  o  casks,  being  13,284  casks  more  than  1854.  at  firmness  is  to  reach  22,656"
