text
"TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  The  additional  news  from  this  quarter  adds  little  of  importance  to  that  previously  known.  The  telegraphic  despatches  received  yesterday,  corroborate  those  which  we:published  on  Tuesday,  regarding  the  passage  of  the  Danube  by  the  Turks  It  comes  via  Semlin;  and  announces  that  20,000  Turks  crossed  the  Danube  on  the  27th  October,  near  Widdin,  and  occupied  Kalafat,  which  had  ceased  to  be  occupied  by  the  Russians.  There  was  no  fight.  Another  message,  dated  Vienna,  November  Ist,  atates,  that  the  communication  with  the  Lower  Danube  is  entirely  interimpted,  in  consequence  - STYLE=superscript  of  recent  events.  _  Most  of  the  letters  from  Vienna  and  Constanti Constantinople,  nople, Constantinople,  which  were  received  yesterday,  was  written  before  the  above  events  took  place,  and  conse consequently  quently consequently  to  a  great  extent  divested  of  interest.  Aniong  the  exceptions,  is  one  froM  the  Constanti Constantinople  nople Constantinople  Debats,  who  writes  from  that  capital,  on  the  22nd  ult.,  day  before  yesterday,  M.  de  Bruck,  the  Austrian  internuncio,  had  an  interview  with  the  Sultan,  ftnd  handed  to  him  a  new  project  of  note,  with  the  collective  guarantee,  it  is  said,  of  the  four  Powers  assembled  anew  at  'Vienna,  that  it  would  be  accepted  by  Russia.  I  do  not  know  the  tenor  of  this  note.  At  the  end  of  the  interview,  a  Tartar  was  immediately  despatched  to  Omer  Pacha,  with  directions  to  him  to  wait'  some  time  before  commencing  hostilities  rhat  circumstanc  leads  to  the  :belief  here  that  the  note  is  of  a  nat_urc  to  be  accepted  by  the  Divan.  Noth  -  interest,  besides  what  I  have  just  said,  has  occur occurred.  red. occurred.  A  quarrel  took  place,  two  days  ago,  between  some  Italians,  who  were  intoxicated,  and  the  police.  Four  persons  were  killed,  and  several  others  wounded.  Politics  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  g  of  political  The  Constantinople  correspondent  of  the  Times,  writing  on  the  20th,  To-day  her  Majesty's  steam  frigate  the.  Retribution,  commanded  by  the  Hon.  Captain  Drummond,  is  to  - STYLE=superscript  proceed  to  the  Dardanelles  with  despatches  for  the  Admiral  on  the  receipt  of  which  it  is  expected  that  three  British  line-of  battle  ships  will  at  once  appear  in  the  Bos Bosphorus,  phorus, Bosphorus,  followed  or  preceded  by  a  like  number  from  the  French  ships.  Besides  these,  four  or  five  steam  frigates  from  each  division  of  the  combined  squadron  are  also  'expected  to  form  part  of  the  Anglo-French  contingent  in  - STYLE=superscript  the  Bosphorus.  The  rest  of  the  fleet  will  remove  from  the  unsafe  an anchorage  chorage anchorage  of  Besika  Bay,  and  anchor  near  Gallipoli.  The  Spitfire  is  now  here,  her  officers  being  engaged  in  taking  soundings  in  the  Bosphorus..  The  Cara Caradoc  doc Caradoc  arrived  last  night  with  We  have  no  further  intelligence  regarding  the  Isachtka  affair,  but  there  is  no  reason  to  doubt  the  substantial  correctness  of  the  accounts  already  published.  Namik  Pasha,  the  Minister  of  Commerce,  was  about  to  leave  Constantinople  for  Paris  and  Lon-  It  is  supposed  that  his  mission  is  to  endea endeavour  vour endeavour  to  raise  a  loan.  Several'  projected  loans  are  ggested  to  bor-  on  the  tapis,  and  it  has  been  _even.  st  row  from  America.  •  The  following  is  from  Copenhagen  of  the  26th  Private  letters  from  the  Island'of  Bornholm  state  that  several  Russian  ships  of  war—indeed,  a  whole  fleet—have  been  seen  .Cruising  and  manoeuvring  to  the  east  of  the  island.  The  Imperial  Russian  war  steamer  Ottwaschnoi  has  been  in  our  roads  since  last  Saturday,  and  further  out  a  Russian  frigate  is  at"
