text
"power.  UM*tio_i!'tocka..,t  FRANCE  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESpONDENT.)  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY  EVENiN  -  •  I  am  told  the  reply  given  by  the  Russian  goi  ment,  to  the  propositions  of  Austria,  has  air  reached  the  French  government,  and  amounts  to  what  was  expected  —a  virtual  3.e!  to  accept  the  said  propositions.  The  precise  t  4  of  the  refusal  my  informant  could  not  state  ;  he  has  reason  to  believe  that  they  are  to  the  c  that  the  propositions  cannot  be  accepted  in  •  present  or  something  of  that  kind..  though,  however,  I  mention  what  has  been  sai  me,  as  in  duty  bound,  I  cannot,  at  this  morn  positively  assure  you  that  the  fact  is  as  stated.  I  believe  I  can  inform  you  with  confidence  the  English  Government  has  addressed  grave  dispatch  indeed  to  Prussia.  In  it,  it  dee.  that  it  is  she  who  is  mainly  responsible  for  breaking  out,  and  the  continuanze,  of  the  war  her  refusal  to  act  energetically  with  the  Allies,  that  it  is  she  who  has  'caused  Europe  to  be  bri  up  into  two  camps  —one  representing  civilisat  the  other  barbarianism.  She  is,  moreover,  ace  . STYLE=superscript  in  tolerably  plain  terms,  of  paralysing  thf3  will  of  Austria  towards  the  Allies.  And  sl  seriously  invited  to  reflect  that  a  persistence  it  policy  will  not  only  lead  to  a  prolongation  of  the  but  it  will  most  likely  drag  her  into  it.  The  I  after  some  complimentary  remarks  on  her  mili  power,  calculated  to  tickle  her  pride,  hints  perhaps,  in  the  event  of  war,  she  would  no  certain  to  succeed  against  France,  England,  Austria  ;  and  it  says  that  even  if  she  should,  advantages  of  her  victory  would  not  probabl:  of  long  duration.  The  note  therefore  expre  the  hope  that  Prussia  will  reconsider•  her  po.  and  will  throw  the  weight  of  her  influence  o  the  side  of  the  Allies.  You  are  aware  that  amongst  the  condition  which  Russia  is  required  to  consent,  is  the  ees  of  a  portion  of  territory,  to  secure  the  naviga  of  the  This  portion  is,  it  appears  that  lies  beyond  the  mouths  of  the  Dan  thereby  fixing  her  frontiers  beyond  the  Sazyk.  It  is  asserted  here  that  it  was  ErN  l STYLE=superscript  which  insisted  on  this  condition,  and  that  Fv  consented  to  it  with  manifest  repugnance.  slso  asserted  that  it  was  England  which,  in  of  France,  insisted  that  the  neutralisation  of  Black  Sea  should  be  interpreted  to  mean,  a  wl  other  things,  the  destruction  of  all  Russian  tresses  on  its  coasts.  A  despatch  of  Marshal  Pelissier,  dated  the  ult„  gives  an  account  of  an  attack  on  a  Bus  , STYLE=superscript  post  near  the  Cardonne  Bell,  by  a  small  (lei  mont  of  the  troops  of  General  d'Autemarre,  NYI  resulted  in  the  slaughter  of  18  Russians,  one  them  a  captain,  and  the  capture  of  20  others.  The  Moniteur  announces  that  the  United  have  paid  an  indemnity  to  the  owner,  M.  CI  ville,  for  the  cargo  of  the  Abeille,  one  of  the  yes  illegally  seized  by  the  custom  house  of  Francisco  in  1848  and  1850.  Two  battalions  of  the  50th  regiment  of  the  and  three  of  the  39th.  having  arrived  from  Crimea,  made  their  solemn  entry  into  Pails  morning.  They  marched  down  the  Bou  headed  by  General  Niel,  to  the  Tuileries,  .1 STYLE=superscript  they  were  passed  in  review  by  the  Emperor  large  crowd  assembled  at  the  Tuileries  to  them,  and  applauded  them  ;  but  there  was  not  like  the  enthusiasm  that  was  manifested  on  29th  ult.  The  men  were  seedy  and  dirty,  but,  so  much  knocked  up  as  th  e  i  r  comrades  on  the  occasion.  On  the  Bourse  to-day  the  greatest  discolll  ment  was  manifested,  and  every  thing  fell  tuol  . STYLE=superscript  '  less  heavily.  A  despatch  from  Madrid  says  that  on  Al'  ll STYLE=superscript  '  some  drunken  soldiers  on  guar.l  at  the  Citi:  attempted  to  get  up  disturbances,  but  t STYLE=superscript  `  General  Espartero  had  them  arrested  promptly  re-established  order.  The  following  appeared  in  our  Extra  Editio  ol STYLE=superscript  yesterday  :  THE  CRIMEA  (Special  Correspondence  of  the  Daily  News.)  6  Camp,  Seb  as  t  opo  l  ,  December  *  There  is  very  little  of  interest  to  corniniv;icate.  The  weather  has  continued  very  mild  since  tIJ  mail  left  until  to  when  the  frost  has  again  severe.  Christmas-day,  like  that  of  last  year,  I,  bri.;:t,  dry,  and  sun  n  y,  w  i  t  h  an  atmosphere  as  resPo  dent  as  it  was  exhilirating.  In  all  parts  of  the  e  s STYLE=superscript  t  from  the  head  quarters  of  the  commander-in-chief  huts  of  the  private  soldier,  Christmas  parties  t  i  e  assembled,  and  the  usual  fare  of  the  season  ablil°  o  l  There  was  plenty  of  m  err  i  ment  an  d  there  appeared  co  very  little  excess.  The  rations  issued  to  the  me°  t  H  tinue  to  be  excellent  in  quality  and  slinkie  r STYLE=superscript  '  quantity.  The  regimental  hospitals  are  nowhere  crewdeti  , STYLE=superscript  fi  what  sick  there  are,  are  reported  to  be  suffering  onlY  /  ,  such  ailments  as  are  naturally  met  wi  t  h  at  this  sea  ngl  and.  The  enemy  is  apparently  very  busy  on  the  MOP  ° STYLE=superscript  heights  increasing  the  defences,  There  has  not  been  any  slackening  of  the  fire  Ira)  north  side.  On  Christmas  day  and  the  evening  0  , STYLE=superscript  charge  of  shot  and  shell  was  remarkably  eeii  ti:ad  No  gun  opened  fire  from  the  south  side.  The  Paris  correspondent  of  the  Times  states  t  ) STYLE=superscript  1)  authority  of  a  private  letter  from  Vienna,  tbaL  o9  l  ,  acceptance,  or  rejection,  by  Russia:of  the  Austrian  P  t STYLE=superscript  s  .o  sitions  depends  a  good  deal,  if  not  entirely,  on  Pr  il STYLE=superscript  The  instructions  of  th  e  Prussian  Minister  at STYLE=superscript  l?  Petersburg  are  to  giv  e  th  e  most  conciliatory  coacq  Count  Nesselrode.  The  Berlin  correspondent  Times  says,  that  these  instructions  were  not  sent  special  courier  but  by  telegraph.  OMER  PACHA'S  RP,TREAT.  4  1 STYLE=superscript  ')  ST.  PETE  T STYLE=superscript  ;SBURG,  NVEnTfusv  A  OfEcial  reports  from  11P.ngrelia  announce  that  Red  Kal  cha STYLE=superscript  has STYLE=superscript  retreated STYLE=superscript  v:lth STYLE=superscript  his STYLE=superscript  entir STYLE=superscript  e  army  to  Pa  eh.  His  troops  suffered  much  from  the  inclement  vvelij)  Our  detachments,  including  the  Mingrelian  greatly  harassed  the  rear  of  the  Turkish  army.  oi  The  V  tenn  a  Milit  ar  y  G  azette  learns  from  its  corf'„pd  dent  at  Redout  Kaleh,  t  h  at  the  Turks  there  are  to  communicate  with  Soukham  Kaleh  by  land.  ACCIDENTAL  DEAT/I.—On  the  26th  December,  11 STYLE=superscript  !;  named  Mary  Mark  e  y,  seven  Sears  of  age,  residing  1  0  ;1  Eldon-street,  was  taking  a  pot  off  the  fire,  when  her  c  ignited,  and  she  was  so  severely  burned  that  sh  e STYLE=superscript  yesterday.  A  frf  l STYLE=superscript  CONCERT  IN  CLAYTON  HALL.-A  con  cer  t  o  f  mere-  d  o  was  given  last  ni  g  ht,  i  n  t  h  e  Clayton-hill,  Clayton  by  a  band  and  chorus  of  fifty  performers,  members  c STYLE=superscript  o  l  Philharmonic  and  other  societies.  The  programme  very  excellent  one,  an  d  th  e  cost  of  admission  small,  audience  which  these  combined  attractions  drew  tog  e STYLE=superscript  n4  was  not  numerous.  The  selections  were  chiefll  bb  4  Handel  and  Haydn,  but  we  must  speak  in  very  86 STYLE=superscript  ,0  1 STYLE=superscript  praise  of  the  manner  in  which  they  were  rendered.  ,  a  d,  were  some  good  voices  am  ong  the  chorus,  but  the  17f,  of  any  thing  like  precisi  on,  un  i  ty,  or  spirit,  thiengre  whole  performance,  sh  ewe  d  t  h  at  they  had  but  indiffer,e  if  at  all,  practised  together.  up  yr  ur  heads,  fairly  sung,  but  the  violins,  which  were  wretchedly  °  t  pr  j  tune,  obtrusive,  and  weak  and  vacillating  when  f  services  were  mo  s  t  needed,  largely  detracted  froll  i STYLE=superscript  pd  enjoyment  which  would  otherwise  have  been  derived,  it.  The  chorus  would  have  been  much  better  1 STYLE=superscript  4  and  the  chorus  which  we  have  noticed,  as  w  e  ll  as  11 STYLE=superscript  others,  was  deservedly  encored.  them.  The  performance,  as  a  first  effort,  was  well  rcee  th  ' STYLE=superscript  LAUNCH  OF  AN  OAK  S  ntr.  - STYLE=superscript  -Yesterd  a  y  at  one  o'ci  i STYLE=superscript  o‘  p STYLE=superscript  -  k STYLE=superscript  50  ,j STYLE=superscript  was  launched  from  the  yard  of  Messrs.  Itovden  and,  ofl  Baffin-street,  a  splendid  oa  k  sh  i  p,  said  toi  he  the  I  '  '  t  d  vessel  ever  built  in  Liverpool  of  that  material.  S  V STYLE=superscript  O,  teinly  looked  fitst-  rete  ,  and  nothing  that  science  coul  leof  and  money  carry  out  ,  h  as  been  left  undone  to  toir*  i. STYLE=superscript  Dll  vessel  a  credit  to  her  builders,  and  to  sustain  tho  nt  d  character  of  the  port.  As  intimated,  this  ship  is  cig  l STYLE=superscript  r  o  lF  of  the  best  and  most  seasoned  oak,  and  the  att  e STYLE=superscript  o  li°  bestowed  on  her  construction  leaves  nothing  to  be  „'''s  ri  for.  her  dimensions  are  as  follows  ;-I,  , STYLE=superscript  ,ngth,  1 STYLE=superscript  ,',4,  1 STYLE=superscript  6 STYLE=superscript  inches;  beam,  35  feet  ;  depth  of  hold  fkom  ' STYLE=superscript  r,  feet  ;  tonnage,  1,140  old  measurement,  rnd  1,174  ne  r  ff  i  '  from  her  peculiar  construction  she  is  calculated  to  5  i STYLE=superscript  ;  38  ;,,,  large  cargo,  and  the  same  time  to  be  a  last  sailor:  01  15  been  built  particularly  for  the  Calcutta  trade,  the  1) STYLE=superscript  $  lie;  (Mr.  Tioyden)  and  Mr.  Tyrer  being  the  owners.  a  ll  (  called  the  Anna  R  ,, STYLE=superscript  yden,  after,  we  believe,  the  good  L STYLE=superscript  c  o  ‘  t  the  chief  owner,  For  ROITI3  time  past  we  have  n  ot  E  e STYLE=superscript  di  large  an  assemblage  collected  at  a  launch  ;  all  seem  s STYLE=superscript  take  a  deep  interest  in  the  interesting  proceeding  o  o  one  o'clock,  the  preliminaries  being  arranged,  the  '1  7 STYLE=superscript  0;  1,1 STYLE=superscript  were  and  the  noble  ship  floated  into  th0,,00;  amid  the  enthusiastic  applause  of  the  multitude,  t STYLE=superscript  'eii  charge  of  cannon,  &amp;c.  The  ceremony  of  naming  th  e STYLE=superscript  „,  e  d  /  or  what  is  known  as  the  was  perfe%  o  ty,  Mrs.  Boyden,  who  with  a  large  company  of  /  3 STYLE=superscript  u  l STYLE=superscript  f  e  d  gemlemen,  occup  ie  d  a  platform  at  the  bow  of  the  eilLl7;i  launch  was  effected  in  the  b  es  t  s  t  y  l  e,  and  not  t  he  accident  took  pla  ce  .  W  e  w  i  sh  the  noble  croft"
