text
"roudE  dot  BLACK  PIIDD•NOR,  A.  well-known  thief,  named  Jane  stPalintr  nine  black  pliddinvl  ,  Cleveland  square.  The  availed  her:ell  I  from  the  stall  of  M  rs  .  K  e  ll  zirl  hallos/  eyed  the  c.mottna  of  an  opp)rtonity,  and  darted  off  with  them,  hut  was  eapttited.  She  *as  sent  to  gaol  for  two  mnn.hs.  Srp.m.ivo  a  PORT-OFFICR  OariP:a.-4  man,  named  Thomas  Gannon.  was  char!.  ;  •ed  with  stealinz  order  for  .5s  ,  which  bclon  ,, STYLE=superscript  ed  to  a  youth,  n  Garrity.  The  complain  11  Martin  le  wac  workinz  in  a  ie  priconer  wl9  there  :Owl  The  order  Wits  in  the  complainant's  pocket.  ont  of  which  it  was  stolen,  and  was  pres.pted  for  payment  by  the  prisoner.  hut  was  stopped.  The  prisoner  was  remanded  for  a  week.  `•  TFTII  J  iLt  .  Y  BUTCH  , STYLE=superscript  —A  voting-  man,  named  Frerleriek  Lawn'nee,  who  said  he  was  formerly  a  butcher  an  board  the  Great  Britain,  and  now  holding  a  similar  tuatien  on  hoard  the  Royal  Charter,  charged  an  artless  'vit.!  named  Catherine  Fitzpatrick,  with  having  .os.  in  gold  from  him.  The  parties  met  In  and  after  a  short  conversation,  the  girl  took  the  jolly  butcher's&#34;  pnrse,  containing  the  money.  Two  remarkable  features  attached  to  the  cote.  The  first  was,  that  the  money  was  all  recovered  safe  in  the  girl's  pocket;  and  the  second  (though  not  the  least),  was,  that  the  prosecutor  sent  a  person  to  the  reporters'  table,  stating  that  he  (the  prosecutor),  would  pay  the  gentlemen  handsomely  if  they  vvould  just  he  good  enough  not  to  publish  his  ease  in  the  papers.  How  the  latter  was  met  the  present  report  will  tell.  The  prisoner  was  sent  to  gaol  for  two  months.  The  money  was  r-stored  to  the  owner,  who  received  a  who'esome  le.:ture  from  his  worship,  which  made  him  look  very  sheepish,  even  for  a  butcher.  inking  CHARGE  OF  OBTAINING  MONEY  BY.  FRAUD.  On  Saturday.  at  the  morning  sitting  at  'the  court,  before  Mr.  Charles  Chaloner,  Laurence  Rorke  was  brought  un  in  enstndy,  'charged  by  a  young  woman  named  Margaret  Callaghan.  under  the  fella%  ine  stranea  circumstances.  Mr.  Campbell  appeared  for  the  pro.  secution,  and STYLE=superscript  stated  that  a  woman  named  Margaret.  Callaghan,  a  native  of  the  provihee  of  Connaught.  in  Ireland,  came  to  reside  in  Liverpool  some  years  ago  About  three  weeks  since  she  died.  bet  some  time  before  her  death  she  had  deposited  a  snm  of  £BO  in  the  Saving's  Rank.  When  from  illness  she  was  not  able  to  leave  her  house,  in  Spitalfields,  she  retained  her  bank  Iwk,  and  in  order  to  keep  it  safe,  tied  it  round  her  body  with  a  silk  handkerchief.  The  person  who  attended  her,  had  a  conversation  with  her,  and  the  deceased  said  she  would  certainly  leave  all  her  money  to  her  child  (the  present  complainant).  After  the  decease  of  the  woman,  the  complainant  could  not  find  the  hank  hook,  and  she  accordingly  applied  at  the  Saving's  Bank,  where  she  ascertained  that  the  money  had  been  drawn,  when  the  whole  case  was  laid  in  evidence  before  the  bench,  he,  Mr.  Campbell.  should  ask  for  a  remand,  in  order  to  have  it  perfected.  The  prisoner  he  must  mention,  had  been  living  with  the  deceased  as  her  husband,  and  it  would  be  shewn  that  whilst  the  woman  was  in  a  state  of  insensibility,  the  prisoner  took  the  book  from  her  body,  and  had  entered  into  a  conspiracy  with  another  woman  to  draw  the  money  from  the  bank.  Mr.  Bluck,  who  appeared  for  the  prisoner,  said  he  had  listened  with  great  attention  to  the  statement  of  his  learned  friend,  but  he  could  not  find  out  what  the  charge  realty  was.  Mr.  Wvbergh,  said  as  far  as  he  saw,  it  was  a  charge  for  obtaining  money  by  fraud  and  fake  preten  ces.  Mr.  Campbell  then,  i  n  support  of  his  case  , STYLE=superscript  called  the  following  witnesses.  Anne  Callahan.  the  daughter  of  the  deceased,  proved  that  her  mother  died  three  weeks  ago.  The  prisoner  lived  with  the  deceased.  Her  mother  had  money,  and  saw  the  handkerchief  round  her  waist,  but  did  not  see  the  banking  book.  Cross-examinnl  by  Mr.  Muck  lived  with  my  mother  a  fortnight  before  her  death.  I  am  twenty-two  years  of  age  now,  and  was  al•andoned  by  my  mother  in  Ireland,  when  she  ran  off  with  the  I  have  been  in  Liverpool  six  years:  I  kne  ter  was  not  married  prisimer  to  die  t  soner,  she  said  before  her  death  she  should  h STYLE=superscript  easy  if  he  because STYLE=superscript  married  her.  Some  one  wanted  then  to  go  to  a  clergyman  at  copperas  hill,  but  the  prisoner  refused.  Eliza  Smith,  a  woman  who  attended  the  deceased  as  norQe,  was  examined,  and  corroborated  the  onening  part  of  Mr.  Csmpbell's  statement.  relative  to  the  hook.  Mr.  Charles  James  Leeders,  a  gentleman  from  the  savings  hank,  proved  the  payment  of  the  money  to  a  woman,  hut  he  said  he  had  never  seen  the  prisoner  to  his  knowledge.  Mr,  Campbell  asked  for  a  remand,  to  procure  additional  evidence.  ••  innutt  (mimeo,  and  said  there  was  not  a  partical  of  evidence  against  his  client,  who  was  therefore  entitled  to  his  discharge  ;  and  contended  that  the  nrisnner  ouebt  been  given  into  custody  at  all  facie  case  ••  •••.•  ••4  , STYLE=superscript  4  111  tJUI  The  enquiry  'cr.  - STYLE=superscript  kg  nriered  by  the  bank  as  the  only  means  or  ascertaining  the  facts.  The  bench  did  not  think,  in  the  present  state  o  f  the  case,  that  the  evids;nce  was  sufficient,  and  the  pr  isoner"
