text
"TSB  EMIGRANT  SHIP  CHARLES  CROKER.  SERIOUS  CHARGES  AGAINST  THE  CAPTAIN  AND  CHIEF  MATE.  On  Saturday  last,  Captain  de  Conroy,  Government  Emigration  Agent  at  Belfast,  appeared  before  the  magistrates  there,  to  pre prefer  fer prefer  a  number  of  charges  founded  on  complaints  made  to  him  by  several  passengers,  against  Captain  Delano,  and  the  chief  mate  of  the  emigrant  ship  Charles  Croker,  which  sailed  from  this  port  for  on  the  20th  ult.,  and  was  obliged  to  put  into  Belfast,  on  the  following  Monday,  through  stress  of  weather.  _  _  '  •  Mr.  Johnston  appeared  on  behalf  of  the  complainants,  and  Mr.  Henry  Seeds  on  behalf  of  the  captain  and  mate  of  the  vessel.  Mr.  Johnston  said  that  the  passengers,  in  the  first  place,  complained  that  they  had  not  been  allowed  sufficient  accom accommodation  modation accommodation  in  the  vessel,  that  the  provisions  served  out  were  neither  in  quantity  or  in  quality,  as  the  Act  of  Parliament  prescribed,  that  the  chief  mate  who  was  often  drunk,  treated  the  passengers  improperly,  and  that  the  captain  was  charged  indirectly  for  having  been  so  remiss  in  his  duty  as  to  allow  such  proceeding  on  board  his  vessel.  Mr,  John Johnston  ston Johnston  subsequently  read  the  surveyor's  report  regarding  the  nrIPR  nrnkor  Tt  was  Ricrnevi  tk  wentfor  Lloyd's  and  two  other  competent  surveyors.  e  repurt  stated  tho  Char:es  Croker,  if  supplied  with  some  rigging  and  other  gear,  which  had  been  injured  during  the  storm  which  she  had  experienced  after  she  left  Liverpool,  was  perfectly  sea.  worthy,  and  that,  during  the  two  or  three  hours  in  whicl,  they  were  engaged  in  making  the  examination,  the  vessel  only  made  three  quarters  of  an  inch  of  water.  Adolphi  Holbein,_a  respectable  German,  then  made  a  s  tatement  through  Mr.  Heyn,  Prussian  consul,  who  acted  as  interpreter.  He  said  that  when  he  got  into  his  berth  to  lie  down,  it  broke,  and  he  fell  on  the  person  lying  below  The  carpenter  repaired  the  berth  and  witness  paid  him  for  it.  He  was  obliged  to  pay  ten  shillings  for  his  cooking  which  the  cook  wanted  in  hand.  Saw  the  first  mate  drunk  several  times.  _  _  _  _  Cross-examined  :  It  was  to  the  captain's  cook  to  whom  I  was  to  pay  the  ten  shillings.  There  is  only  one  cookhouse,  to  which  we  had  access.  I  asked  salt,  when  in  Liverpool,  but  didn't  get  it.  As  far  as  I  know,  none  of  the  passengers  got  any  salt,  I  had  to  buy  salt  myself  in  Liverpool.  Captain  de  Coma  said  he  had  examined  the  ship  and  con considered  sidered considered  her  quite  seaworthy.  He  had  also  examined  the  provisions  on  board,  and  found  them  to  be  of  a  suspicious  character.  Robert  Wilson  said  he  engaged  a  berth  for  himself,  his  wife,  and  two  sons,  which  was  only  two  feet  two STYLE=superscript  inches STYLE=superscript  broad,  He  was  promised  another  when  he  took  his  passage  but  did  not  get  it.  I  was  obliged  to  lie  on  a  box.  I  at attempted  tempted attempted  to  get  access  to  the  captain,  but  the  mate  pre prevented  vented prevented  me.  I  got  no  provisions  after  I  left  Liverpool,  until  the  day  before  we  came  into  the  Belfast  Lough,  when  I  got.  about  301bs.  of  bread,  flour,  and  other  articles.  I  had  to  pay  one  of  the  cooks,  the  first  day,  a  shilling  for  boiling  some  water  for  me.  Peter  Tanis,  examined—l  did  not  get  all  the  provisions  I  was  entitled  to,  and  I  received  no  salt.  I  went  on  board  on  Tuesday.  The  first  time  I  got  water  was  on  Friday.  The  mate  told  me  I  would  have  water  to  the  mast  head  before  long.  I  asked  the  captain  for  fresh  water,  and  he  told  me  to  go  alongside,  and  draw  a  bucket  of  salt  water,  for  it  was  good  enough.  I  saw  the  mate  intoxicated  on  the  Friday  morning.  I  have  been  at  sea  before,  and  never  saw  any  one  so  reckless  of  life  as  the  mate  was.  I  saw  the  passengers  giving  money  and  spirits  to  the  cooks  for  cooking  their  food.  When  I  wanted  water,  1  first  went  to  the  man  whose  duty  it  was  to  serve  out  the  water,  and  he  told  me  to  go  to  the  steward,  the  steward  told  DO  to  go  to  the  mate,  and  the  mate  told  me  to  go  to  the  captain,  who,  in  his  turn,  told  me  to  go  and  draw  a  bucket  of  salt  water.  Charles  Fonsi  (a  German,)  examined—l  have  a  complaint  against  the  first  mate.  I  was  in  my  berth  when  the  mate  came  and  pulled  me  out,  to  make  room  for  two  females.  The  femal  s  came  on  board  after  I  came.  There  were  two  young  men  and  myself,  besides  two  young  women,  in  the  same  berth,  previously.  (Laughter.)  The  mate  caught  me  by  the  breast,  Ind  attempted  to  throw  me  out  of  my  berth.  The  berth  was  divided  into  two  compartments.  The  mate  wanted  to  force  the  young  women  into  the  berth,  in  order  that  Nye  might  divide  them  among  us  as  we  could.  I  received  neither  salt  nor  water  on  board.  I  applied,  and  they  refused  to  give  me  any,  though  I  had  a  vessel  with  me  for  it.  They  told  me  the  vessel  was  too  small.  I  gave  ten  shillings  to  the  cook  of  the  cabin,  for  his  trouble  for  getting  my  provisions  cooked  iluring  the  voyage.  I  could  not  get  near  the  other  cook  house,  as  it  was  always  crowded.  To  Mr.  SEEDS—The  captain's  cook  demanded  the  ten  shillings  from  me.  Mr.  JOHNSTON  then  called  the  attention  of  the  bench  to  the  Act  of  Parliament,  requiring  that  water  and  the  necessary  provisions  should  be  eerved  out  each  day.  Captain  Delano,  examined--I  am  captain  of  the  Char  les STYLE=superscript  a  Croker.  I  left  Liverpool  on  Thursday  the  21st, STYLE=superscript  and STYLE=superscript  the  pilot  left  us  on  Friday  morning.  The  st  orm STYLE=superscript  came STYLE=superscript  on STYLE=superscript  then,  nd  it  was  not  until  after  two  o'clock  that  day  be  fore STYLE=superscript  I STYLE=superscript  g  ot STYLE=superscript  any  food.  There  were  22  hands  on  board,  all  of  w  hom STYLE=superscript  were STYLE=superscript  fully  done  up  before  we  came  into  the  lough  of  Belfast.  I  never  saw  the  mate  drunk,  though  he  has  sailed  with  me  on  se  veral STYLE=superscript  voyages. STYLE=superscript  I  have  known  him  to  he  very  attentive  to  passengers,  and  I  never  knew  him  to  conduct  himself  improperly.  It  was  not  strictly  necessary  for  the  safety  of  the  ship  that  Nye  should  come  into  Belfast.  We  had  the  necessary  quantity  of  water.  The  biscuit  which  Captain  de  Courcy  tasted  'was  the  same  as  supplied  to  all  the  passengers.  I  have  been  in  command  of  the  ship  for  seven  mouths.  So  far  do  I  think  that  th  vessel  is  not  unseaworthy,that  I  have  my  own  wife  on  boaerd  with  me.  I  know  that  Dr.  Moore  also  tasted  the  water  and  the  biscuit  on  board.  I  have  been  20  years  at  sea,  and  I  never  was  in  a  vessel  that  I  considered  stronger  than  the  Charles  Croker.  She  is  now  laden  with  1,100  or  1,200  tons  ;  but  last  winter,  she  brought  from  Now  Yorkcargo  of  1,400  tons  of  iron,  Another  of  the  passengers,  an  Irish  woman,  named  Mary  Clarke,  made  a  voluntary  statement  to  the  effect,  that  in  her  opinion  the  captain  and  sailors  did  all  they  could  far  the  passengers.  She  caused  much  amusement  in  court  by  the  manner  in  which  she  gave  her  evidence.  Mr.  Tracy  (one  of  the  magistrates),  said  that  it  was  unnec unnecessary  essary unnecessary  to  proceed  further  with  witnesses.  The  bench  were  of  opinion  that  the  charges  had  not  been  substantiated.  It  was  necessary,  however,  after  the  complaints  had  been  made,  that  there  should  be  a  public  investigation.  Mr.  Hun  agreed  with  the  bench  that  the  charges  were  not  subs6.ntiated,  and  said  he  had  done  nothing  more  than  his  duty  as  Pruisian  Vke-Conkiul  in  seeing  that  the  complaints  of  the  Gertuau  emigrants  should  in  fully  investigated."
