text
"ftublfc  itinultmentf.  ROYAL  COLOSSEUM  CONCERT-HALL,  Paradise-street,  Liverpool.  Proprietor,  Mr.  HEATH.  This  delightful  Hall  of  Recreation  open  every  Evening  with  a  continual  change  of  Amusements.  The  unprecedented  success  of  this  Colossal  Establishment  is  a  sure  guarantee  of  the  unqualified  approbation  of  the  public.  The  magnitude  of  the  building,  the  splendour  of  the  decorations,  the  brilliancy  of  the  chandeliers,  the  glittering  mirrors,  the  enormous  and  superb  ceiling,  gorgeously  orna ornamented  mented ornamented  with  classic  paintings,  have  excited  the  admiration  of  thousands  who  have  nightly  crowded  the  Hall.  Decided  hit  of  Mr.  HILTON,  the  Great  Ventriloquist,  whose  extraordinary  impersonations  have  elicited  enthusi enthusiastic  astic enthusiastic  approbation.  Triumphant  reception  and  unbounded  applause  of  the  World's  Wonders,  the  BROTHERS  BILLINGE,  and  the  BROTHERS  FELIX,  who  will  appear  in  their  GRAND  OLYMPIAN  TOURNAMENT,  nightly.  First  week  of  the  Aerial  Sprites.  First  appearance  of  Miss  BAXTER.  The  above  great  artistes  will  appcarin  conjunction  with  the  following  talented  Company,  in  a  Grand  Musical  Melange:—  MADAME  ANGELLETTA,  Soprano  ;Mrs.  CLIFTON,  Mr.  CLIFTON,  Mr.  BARTLEMAN,  Baritone;  Mr.  RODERICK.  Artist,  Mr.  CRAWFORD  -,  Musical  Director,  Mr.  F.  BOI7LLAND  ;  Leader  of  the  B  rass  B  an  d,  M  r  .  BROWN  ;  Director  of  the  Entertainments,  Mr.  HEATH,  Jun.  gait  by  citation.  Modern  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  capital  eight-day  clock,  dinner  service,  china,  glass,  several  fine  drawings,  seasoned  feather  beds,  pair  of  marble  tray-top  tables  and  stands,  St.  Anne-street,  near  Islington.  MR.  GRICE  respectfully  announces  that  he  has  instructions  to  SELL  by  AUCTION,  THIS  DAY,  Monday,  the  19th  instant,  at  eleven  o'c!ock  prompt,  on  the  above  Premises,  the  whole  of  the  modern  ana  genteel  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE,  comprising,  in  drawing drawingroom,  room, drawingroom,  sets  of  chairs,  handsome  table,  a  couch,  beautifully  made,  chiffonier,  with  drawers  and  cupboard,  easy  chair,  and  sewing  ditto,  china  ornaments,  Brussels  carpet  and  rug,  chimney  alas  in  gilt  frame,  fenders,  fire-irons.  The  dining  and  sitting-rooms  include  two  sets  of  mahogany  chairs,  with  hair  seats,  a  pedestal  sideboard  of  very  rich  wood,  bookcase  with  glazed  doors,  massive  sofa  with  loose  cushio  ,  Kidderminster  carpets,  telescope  dining  table,  on  massive  carved  legs,  easy  chair,  cabriole  ditto,  on  carved  legs,  a  few  fine  engravings,  chimney  glasses  in  gilt  frames,  Turkey  rugs,  china,  glass,  dinner  service,  set  of  table  cutlery,  balance  handles,  writing  desk,  tea  trays,  capital  mahogany  100  table,  and  oblong  ditto,  two  fenders,  sets  of  polished  steel  fire-irons,  a  very  neat  mahogany  chiffonier,  china  vases,  'A°.  The  bedrooms  comprise  handsome  mahogany  four-post  bedsteads,  half-tester,  camp,  and  servants'  ditto,  prime  seasoned  feather  beds,  hair  and  wool  mattresses,  wash washstands,  stands, washstands,  and  table  with  marble-tray  tops,  and  glass  to  match,  mahogany-winged  wardrobe,  mahogany  chests  of  drawers,  painted  ditto,  commodes,  dressing  glasses,  carpets,  wash washstands  stands washstands  and  dressing  tables,  and  other  chamber  articles  ;  handsome  hatstand,  wheel  barometer,  timepiece,  oil  cloth,  stair  carpets  and  rods,  t,gether  with  the  whole  of  the  kitchen  and  culinary  items.  May  be  viewed  on  the  morning  of  sale,  and  catalogues  had  from  Mr  Grice,  40,  Whitechapel."
