text
"THE  NEST  INDIES,  The  royal  mail  steamship  Trent,  Captain  Thomas  William  Sawyer,  arrived  at  Southampton,  at  noon,  on  Sunday,  from  the  West  Indies.  The  Trent  left  St.  Thomas's  at  noon,  on  the  7th  instant,  experi experienced  enced experienced  fine  weather  up  to  her  arrival  in  soundings.  She  brings  a  ship  letter-bag,  but  no  mails,  passen passengers,  gers, passengers,  or  specie.  It  is  said  that  out  of  the  original  crew  which  left  Southampton  in  this  ship,  few  re remain  main remain  alive,  such  being  the  sacrifice  of  human  life,  arising  from  the  deadly  nature  of  the  climate  and  the  recent  prevalence  of  yellow  fever  in  this  service.  As  the  Trent  left  St.  Thomas's  only  five  days  subsequently  to  the  departure  of  the  Orinoco,  which  reached  Southampton  on  the  17th  inst.,  she  brings  no  news  of  importance.  The  royal  mail  steam steamship  ship steamship  Thames  will  bring  home  the  next  West  India  and  Gulf  of  Mexico  mails,  due  on  the  Ist  proximo.  The  intercolonial  packets  were  generally  free  from  yellow  fever.  The  epidemic  was,  however,  preva  lent  at  Montserrat,  Antigua,  and  Trinidad.  Her  Majesty's  ship  Megwra,  having  on  board  Governor  Wood  and  staff,  Commander-in-chief  of  the  Wind Windward  ward Windward  Islands,  was  at  Trinadad.  QUEBEC,  In  our  summary  of  news  brought  by  the  Europa,  which  we  published  yesterday,  we  alluded  to  a  change  which  had  taken  place  in  the  Canadian  Cabinet.  We  now  find  that  such  a  change  has  taken  place,  and  that  Rolph  has  taken  the  Presi Presidency  dency Presidency  of  the  Council,  vice  Mr.  Malcolm  Cameron,  removed  to  the  Post-office  ;  Mr.  Morin,  late  Secre Secretary,  tary, Secretary,  has  succeeded  Dr.  Rolph  in  the  Crown  lands  ;  Mr.  Moris,  late  Postmaster,  becomes  Speaker  of  the  Council,  vice  Mr.  Caron,  promoted  to  a  judge judgeship  ship judgeship  ;  Mr.  Solicitor  Chanveau  becomes  Provincial  Secretary;  and  Mr.  Dunbar  Ross  succeeds  him  as  Solicitor.  As  you  will  perceive,  it  is  merely  a  change  of  men  and  not  of  principles.  Mr.  Hincks  still  retains  his  position  at  the  head  of  affairs;  and  the  Catholic  influence  still  predominates.  FRANCE,  PARIS,  SUNDAY  EVENING.  Although  it  was  stated  on  Friday  evening  in  the  diplomatic  circles,  that  orders  had  been  sent  to  the  British  and  French  Ambassadors  at  Constan Constantinople  tinople Constantinople  to  suggest  to  the  Sultan  to  summon  the  combined  fleet  from  Besika  Bay,  the  rumour  was  not  generally  believed,  and  the  statement  in  the  London  journals,  that  a  portion  of  the  fleet  must  have  left  Besika  Bay  for  the  Sea  of  Marmora,  has  created  much  sensation.  The  Prince  of  Prussia  left  Berlin  for  Olmutz  on  the  23d.  The  Emperor  of  Russia  arrived  at  Moscow  on  the  14th.  There  was  a  grand  service  at  the  church  of  the  Archangel  Michael,  at  which  he  was  present,  with  the  Grand  Duke  Nicholas.  The  Grand  Greek  Cross  was  displayed,  and  great  en enthusiasm  thusiasm enthusiasm  was  manifested  by  the  populace.  PARIS,  Sept.  25,  6  p.m.—Yesterday  the  Emperor  and  the  Empress  paid  a  visit  to  the  hospitals  of  Lille,  and  held  a  review  of  the  troops  stationed  in  that  city.  They  afterwards  inspected  the  great  industrial  establishments  at  Roubaix  and  Tour Tourcoing.  coing. Tourcoing.  Their  Majesties  returned  to  Lille  at  six  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  and  this  morning  they  continued  their  journey  to  St.  Omer.  The  ocean  squadron  left  Cherbourg  on  Wednes Wednesday  day Wednesday  last  for  a  cruise  in  the  Channel.  It  is  com composed  posed composed  of  the  vessels  Duguesclin,  Jean  Bart,  and  Hercule,  the  steam-frigates  Pomone  and  Caffarelli,  and  the  steam  corvette  Roland.  The  Austerlitz,  which  formed  part  of  the  squadron,  is  still  at  Cherbourg.  The  Three  per  Cents.  were  done  on  the  Boule Boulevards  vards Boulevards  at  75f.  40c."
