text
"nd,  while,  in  order  to  counterbalance  all  foreign  influences  iave  but  little  NI  ' STYLE=superscript  ALV  ' STYLE=superscript  ON  seems  disposed  to  •unite  France  to  Ettgland  as  closely  as  possible,  by  meessions  to  one,  and  by  promoting  the  al  welfare  of  the  othe  The  , STYLE=superscript  precise'details  of  the  proposed  modification  of  the  duties  alluded  to,  have  not  reached  this  country,  but  it  is  understood  that  the  reduction  ,  on  pig  iron  will  be  about  £1  2s.  per  ton.  On  bars  and  rails  the  reduction  will  be  £3  10s.  per  ton.  On  sheet  iron  the  present  duty,  which  is  prohibi-  tory,  will  be  reduced  to  .t  8  per  ton.  The_  reduction  on  coals  will  be  2d.  per  100  kilos.  Now  the  imme-  Won  of  this  wise  and  humane  measure  towards  France,  will  -be  to  stimulate  production  and  to  convince  the  French  people  of  the  gross  in,  ,justice  and  incalculable  losses  they  have  sustained  by  the  old  prohibitive  regime.  If  ever  a  country  needed  materalising  it  is  France:  A  highly  inflated  sense  of  honour,  and  a  mistaken  nationality  has  indUced  the  French  to  submit  to  an  immense  variety  of  cruel  and  impolitic  imposts.  France  has  less  fuel  than  any  country  in  Europe,  and  in  Ord  to  sustain  t  tato  by  prohibitions,  which  wer€  conceived  to  be  necessary,  they  remained  silent  under  a  pressure  of  personal  and  national  incon inconveniences  veniences inconveniences  which  would  have  driven  other  nations  into  repeated  rebellions.  Opening  the  mind  of  France  to  the  advantages  derivable  from  an  opposite  line  of  policy,  will  speedily  lead  to  still  further  approaches  towards  free•trade.  The  powers  of  production  at  present  possessed  by  France  are  enormous,  but  as  she  is  the  importer  of  the  rawmaterial,which  enters  - STYLE=superscript  into  nearly  all  her  productions,  she  requires  the  lowest  possi possible  ble possible  rates  of  duty  on  imported  products.  A  pro prohibitive  hibitive prohibitive  duty  on  silk,  wool,  flax,  and  dyo  stuffs,  would  starve  one-half  of  the  French  people.  And  pit  because  the  peculiar  character  of  the  landed  interest  of  France  -  requires  a  prohibitive  corn  law  to  sustain  it,  the  whole  nation  would  willingly  suffer  the  greatest  social  destitution,  sooner  than:  abandon  a  system  of  taxation  which  is  essential  to  the  existence  of  an  imaginary  advantage.  To  teach  the  French,  therefore,  to  discriminate  correctly  in  matters  where  the  material  interests  of  the  nation  are  at  stake,  is  a  very  difficult  task.  Fortunately,  in  the  present  instance,  these  interests  Are  but  trifling,  and  the  advantages  to  the  commu  The  sufferings  of  the  poor  of  France  from  want  of  fuel  are  but  too  wel  known,  and  if  England  can  be.the  means  of  removq  ng  the  fearful  miseries  arising  from  this  source,  both  countries  will  have  just  reason  to  be  thank-  nity  at  large  are  immensE  There  are  many,  however,  who  take  a  widely  view  of  th  abject.  In  supplying  foreign  countries  with  those  raw  materials  which  give  us  the  great  advantages  we  have  always  possessed  over  nearly  all  the  rest  of  the  world,  some  political  economists  contend  we  are  only  curtailing  our  own  trade  and  transferring  our  means  of  existence  to  others.  This  theory  formed  the  gist  of  the  pro protectionists'  tectionists' protectionists'  arguments  which  a  few  years  have  been  sufficient  to  prove  most  fallacious.  America  sends  us  corn,  sugar,  cotton,  and  tobacco,  and  if  the  fact  of  her  doing  so  has  enabled  us  to'exist,  in  what  way  is  America  injured  ?  On  the  contrary,  by  finding  a  vent  for  her  surplus-produce,  she  has  gained  vastly,  and  our  prosperity  has  increased  in  the  same  ratio.  So  it  will  prove  with  France.  Production  and  distribution  are  the  great  elements  of  a  progressive  civilisation.  In  England  we  are  too  far  advanced  to  fear  competition.  Our  artificial  powers  in  both  of  these  elements  of  great greatness  ness greatness  are  too  stupendous  to  be  understood,  much  less  surpassed  by  nations  whose  materialisation  is  only  about  to  be  commenced.  Improvements  in  the  social  condition  of  France  requires  immense  additions  to  her  productive  capabilities.  Before  she  can  supply  her  own  wants,  she  must  be  a  buyer  and  borrower  from  other  countries,  just  as  England  is  ;  and  if  France  increases  the  balance  of  trade  in  her  favour,  she  can  only  do  it  by  con contributing  tributing contributing  more  largely  to  the  wants  of  other  nations.  This  is  the  very  nature  and  essence  of  trade  and  commerce  ;  and  it  is  a  fortunate  circumstance  for  the  material  prosperity  of  Europe,  that  the  Ruler  of  France  is  directing  his  attention  to  subjects  which  really  interest  every  people  who  believe  civilisation  to  be  something  more  than  a  phantom.  The  Cabinet  Council  nesda  sat  three  hours  on  Wed-  SCRIPTURE  READERS  SOCIETY.—Last  evening  a  meet meeting  ing meeting  of  friends  of  this  society,  resident  in  Exchange-street  Ward,  was  held  in  the  Cotton  Sales  Room,  Mr.  Charles  Turner,  president.  Owing  to  the  inclemency  of  the  wea weather  ther weather  the  attendance  was  very  limited,  and  it  was  deeme  advisable  to  adjourn  the  meeting  to  a  future  evening.  PUBLIC  NursartoEs.—Last  eveninc  , STYLE=superscript  a  meeting,  purporting  to  be  one  of  Roman  Catholics  ,  for  the  purpose  of  refuting  some  argument  advanced  by  Dr.  M'Neil  e  ,  b  u  t  apparent  l  y  more  for  the  purpose  of  increasing  the  funds  of  those  who  convened  it,  was  held  at  the  Concert  Hall,  Lord  Nelson Nelsonstreet.  street. Nelsonstreet.  There  was  by  no  means  a  large  attendance.  •  Mr.  Morgan  presided.  Our  reporter  attended,  but  was  refused  admission  until  he  had  paid  the  entrance  fee  of  6d.  Meetings  of  this  class  are  becoming  numerous  in-Liverpool,  and  th  e  They  are,  in  many  public  should  be  warned  -  .  instances,  made  the  instruments  of  supporting  idle  adven adventurers  turers adventurers  who  prefer  talk  to  work.  MANCHESTER  SIIAKSPERIAN  SOCIETY'S  PERFORMANCE,  THIS  EVENING.—We  have  much  pleasure  in  informing  our  readers  that  this  much-talked  of  performance,  the  proceeds  of  which  are  to  be  presented  to  the  Blue  Coat  School,  is  certain  to  prove  eminently  successful  to  all  concerned.  Tickets  have  been  issued  sufficient  for  all  parts  of  the  house,  and  such  has  been  the  demand,  that  no  money  will  be  taken  at  the  doors  until  after  seven  o'clock,  when  it  is  con confidently  fidently confidently  anticipated  the  theatre  will  be  crowded  by  a  large  and  most  respectable  audience.  The  poetical  address,  '  written  by  Mr.  James  Bolton  Rogerson,  will  be  spoken  by  the  author.  SINGING  IN  TAVERNS.—In  the  case  of  Hall  v.  Green,  tried  in  the  Exchequer,  London,  on  Wednesday,  before  Baron  Martin,  the  charge  was,  that  the  defendant,  who  is  owner  of  Evans's,&#34;  a  hotel  and  tavern,  under  the  Piazzas,  Covent-garden,  London,  had  used  the  place  as  a  singing  and  music  room,  without  a  license  for  that  purpose.  The  plain plaintiff,  tiff, plaintiff,  an  attorney,  claimed  £lOO  penalty.  Evidence  was  given  to  show  that  there  were  singing  and  music  in  the  house,  and  that  paraes  were  admitted  without  charge,  and  only  paid  the  usual  for  refreshments.  The  de defence  fence defence  was  that  those  entertainments  were  subsidiary  to  the  business  of  a  hotel  and  tavern,  and  the  jury  found  for  the  defendant.  •  OUR  CONDEMNED  Surps2—A  writer  in  the  Daily  Haws,  _  _  Captain  Trelawney  we  believe,  recommends  that  the  con condemned  demned condemned  ships  of  our  naval  armaments,  many  of  which  were  built  only  in  1845  however,  during  the  De  Joinville  panic,  will  be  sold  for  what  they  will  bring,  instead  of  being  taken  into  dock  and  broken  up  to  re-use  the  materials,  as  the  pres  ent  practice  is.  This  he  contends  will  be  more  economical.  He  also  recommends  Sir  James  Graham  to  order  a  ship  at  a  private  yard,  and  to  have  one  of  the  same  capacity  built  at  a  dock-yard,  and  then  compare  notes  of  the  cost.  .  JUVENILE  DEPRAVITY.  —A  conference  on  the  subject  of  juvenile  depravity,  and  the  best  means  of  correcting  it,  will  be  held  in  Birmingham  on  the  20th  December.  THE  CZAR'S  ITERATION.  —The  Emperor  of  Russia's  lying  manifesto  concludes  with  a  quo  t  at  i  on  from  a  Psalm.  This  is  only  fresh  proof  that  old  Nicholas  can  quote  Scripture  for  his  purpose.—Punch.  Everybody  is  for  reducing  the  duty  on  French  wines,  ex except  cept except  certain  wine-merchants.  As  importers,  the  interests  of  those  gentlemen  could  hardly  be  affected  by  the  reduction  ;  but  perhaps  they  do  not  look  on  port  and  import  as  exactly  the  same  thing.—lbid.  THE  OLDEST  ANCHORITE.—Hope.—Ibit.  SALAD  FOR  THE  SOLITARY.-  - STYLE=superscript  We  see  there  is  a  book  ad  vertised  under  the  above  curious  title.  We  can  hardly  make  out  what  it  can  be,  but  should  say  at  random,  that  the  translation  of  it  into  plain  English  must  be  as  follows  :  Salad  for  the  Solitary.—Let-us  alone.—  Ibid.  NESSELRODE  PUDDING.—Take  as  much  gammon  as  will  lie  in  the  compass  of  a  diplomatic  circle;  and  mince  along  with  :butter,  sugar,  and  pigeon's  milk  in  equal  quantities.  add  olives,  well  bruised,  in  sufficient  proportion  to  flavour  :  and  when  thoroughly  incorporated,  mix  the  whole  with  puff  paste  and  flummery,  made  into  a  mess.  Mould  in  a  twisted  shape,  and  plunge  into  hot  Water,  where  allow  it  to  bubble,  the  longer  the  better.  Turn  it  out  when  thoroughly  done,  and  serve  cool  with  Sauce  a  la  Tartuffel—lbida  RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  PROGRESS  OF  THE  WAR.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  yesterday.)  VIENNA,  WEDNESDAY  EVENING.  Up  to  the  . STYLE=superscript  1.411,-no  English  or  French  ships  of  warhad  gone  into  the  Black  Sea.  On  the  10th,  11th,  and  I.2th,  there  were  heavy  storms.  Omar  Pasha  has  received  orders  to  continue  the  war  with  energy.  JASSY,  11  The  whole-of  the  Russian  troops  have  left  Jassy:  Oste-1  Sacken's  corps  is  not  expected  before  Dec.  10th.  The  Russians  have  levied  recruits  from  the  inhabitants  of  the  town  and  its  environs.  BUCHAREST  14  It  is  asserted  that  Gortschakoff  intends  attack  7  ing  the  Turks,  since  he  has  lately  been  instructed  to  conduct  the  war  with  energy  and  perseverance.  It  is  also  said  that  the  son  of  Prince  Vagorides  has  been  arrested  and.sent  in  chains  to  St.  Peters Petersburg,  burg, Petersburg,  for  having  carried  on  a  correspondence  with  Omar  Pasha,  and  for  having  informed  him  of  the  movements  of  the  Russian  army.  Six  Boyards  are  said  to  have  been  sent  to  Siberia.  They  were  found  guilty  of  the  same  crime.  •  The  Wallachian  militia  have  been  incorporated  with  the  Russian  regiments.  VIENNA,  19.  A  telegraphic  despatch  from  Hermanstadt,  states  that  the  - STYLE=superscript  bulk  of.  the  Russian  troops  are  marching  into  lesser  Wallachia.  On  the  15th,  a  Turkish  corps  attempted  'a  surprise  at  Turnui.  The  Russians  were  on  their  guard,  and  the  Turks  were  driven  back  upon  Kalafat.  In  the  Russian  ariny  there  are  frequent  executions  of  would-be  deserters.  VIENNA,  WEDNESDAY  Reports  fi;on  Orsova  of  the  16th  say  that  the  Turks  are  withdrawing  from  Kalafat,  in  obedience  to  orders  from  Constantinople.  The  advance  of  the  Russians  from  Krajova  on  Kalafat  is  confirmed.  ODESSA,  10.  The  Russian  war  steamer  Seaikale  has  gem  Sown  in  the  Black  Sea;  the  men  were  saved.  •  The  fortress  of  Isatchka  has  not  been  destroyed  by  fire.  The  Turks  are  throwing  up  new  entrench entrenchments.  ments. entrenchments.  The  Times  states  in  a  leading  article  that  there  is  not  a  syllable  of  truth  in  the  statement  attributing  the  absence  of  the  French  Ambassador  to  a  diffi 'difficulty'  between  the  governments  of  France  and  England.  Count  Walewsky  left  London  last  week  for  a  few  days,  in  order  to  attend  upon  his  imperial  master.  He  has  already  returned  to  his  post,  and  that  is  the  beginning  and  end  of  the  story.  The  two  governments  remain  as  formerly,  in  complete  unanimity  of  opinion  respecting  the  interests  of  the  Western  Powers  and  of  Europe,  in  the  dispute  which  is  now  convulsing  the  East.  What  course  of  policy  they  may  ultimately  de decide  cide decide  upon  adopting  is  a  point  which  events  must  contribute,  in  a  great  measure,  to  explain.  ADDITIONAL  PARTICULARS  The  Russians  had  seized  on  many  Wallachian  Jews  to  cause  them  to  serve  in  the  army,  but  on  obtaining  a  sum  of  money  released  them.  In  Asia  Abdi  Pasha  and  Schamyl  are  attempting  to  carry  out  a  plan  which  shows  that  its  author  possesses'  'great  political,  military,  and  geogra geographical  phical geographical  knowledge.  If  the  Circassian  chief  suc succeeds  ceeds succeeds  in  his  undertaking,  Tiflis,  and  indeed  the  whole  of  Georgia,  is  in  imminent  danger.  Prince  Woronzow's  line  of  retreat  is  cut  off,  and  southern  Russia  much  exposed.  Ilussia  is  occupied  at  one  and  the  same  time  on  the  Danube,  in  the  Caucasus,  in  'the  Black  Sea,  and  has  besides  to  - STYLE=superscript  secure  its  western  possessions  against  the  other  powers.  It  is  stated  that  Michael  Obrenovitch  was  about  to  proceed  to  Constantinople  to  solicit  the  Porte  to  support  his  pretensions  to  Servia.  As  the  Prince  has  many  partisans  there,  the  Porte  may  pro probably  bably probably  support  him  and  thus  counteract  Russian  influence  in  Servia.  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY—The  decree  in  the  Moni 'Moniteur'  has  produced  considerable  sensation  as  being  a  proof  of  the  emperor's  determination  to  break  up  the  .prohibitive  system  by  degrees.  The  .fusion.  of  the  Legitimist  and  Orleanist  chiefs  does  not  .  excite  much  interest.  Russian  and  Austrian  in influence  fluence influence  are  believed  to  have  been  active  in  the  matter.  According  to  the  last  letters  from  the  Danube.  The  Turks  still  occupy  the  Island  of  Movkanon  opposite  Guirgevo,  and  were  fortifying  it.  The  Russians  after  having  invested  the  latter  place  were  not  sufficiently  strong  to  attack  Mokanon.  PENINSULAR  MAIL,  SOUTHAMPTON,  WEDNESDAY  NIGHT  -  -  -  -  _  Arrived  City  of  London  steamer,  which  left  Gibraltar  on  the  14th,  Lisbon  on  the  19th,  and  Oporto  on  the  20th.  The  report  of  the  Queen  of  Portugal's  de  ath,  on  the  16th,  is  confirmed.  The  infant  prince  did  not  survive.  The  king  had  resumed  the  regency.  No  fears  were  entertained  for  the  tranquillity  of  the  country.  _  .  vv STYLE=superscript  The  barque  Brazilian,  which  arrived  at  Lisbon  on  the  7th,  with  coals  from  Liverpool,  was  driven  from  her  anchorage,  after  partially  discharging,  and  got  upon  the  rocks  within  the  bar,  crew  saved.  The  vessel  has  become  a  total  wreck,  and  is  advertised  for  sale.—  From  our  Second  Edition  of  yesterday.  THE  NO  RT  H  ERN  DAILY'  Xl.O.  1000  each,  it  would  give  6000  men,  which  is  not  improbable.  -  --  On  the  Russian  left  were  three  regiments  of  ca cavalry  valry cavalry  echelloned  but  of  range,  each  - STYLE=superscript  having'  two  There  was  likewise  a  body  of  Cossacks,  to  the  amount  perhaps  of  600.  The  batteries  were  worked  by  sonic  300  gunners,  giving  a  total  of—at  Ihe•medium  calculation  of  the  iufantry7--8900.  men  in  the  field.  The  Turks,  if  their  report  is  to  be  trusted,  had  in  the  entrenchment  three  battalions  and  two  com companies,  panies, companies,  amounting  to  2400  men;  and  the  gunners,  150,  and  the  irregular  cavalry  as  many  more-2700  men.  -  On  looking  at  the  aboye  numbers,-with  the  -re -recollection STYLE=superscript  collection -recollection  of  the  troops  , STYLE=superscript  •as  they  were  in  the  field,  the  Russian  'force  appears  undervalued.  Be  that  as  it  may,  at  one  p.m.  the  Russian  artillery  opened  its  fire,  and  was  replied  to  by  the  guns  of  the  en entrenchment,  trenchment, entrenchment,  the  guns  of  the  battery  at  the  ,eastern  *end  of  the  entrenchment  before  described,  'and  by  the  guns  on  'the  right  bank  of  the  river.  The  cannonade  was  kept  up  most  vigorously  on  either  side.  The  Russians  had  their  battery  of  position  accurately  placed,  each  aun  being  placed  at  an  equal  distance  ;  from  its  fellow  '' STYLE=superscript  —the  fruits  of  good  drilling.  Their  practice,  as  far  as  could  be  judged  from  this  bank  of  the  river,  was  most  excellent,  their  shells  bursting  beautifully.  They  opened  at  a  long  distance,  it  is  true  ;  but  the  guns-  were  no  pop-guns  to  gallop  with  cavalry,  hut  12-pounders,  such  as  ars  usually  employed  in  similar  cireum cireumstances.  stances. cireumstances.  The  remainder  of  the  artillery  appeared  to  consist  in  the  cavalry  guns,  or  horse  artillery,  but  attached  in  pairs  to  regiments  of  cavalry,  as  was  formerly  the  case  in  most  ,European  armies.  Two-  of  These  guns•  'took  as  flanking  a  position  as  the  Argisch  river  would  permit  them,  but  could  not  have  caused  much  damage  as  enfiladers.  On  the  Turkish  right  the'  otherc  our  guns  opened  on  the  entrenehtnent.  — STYLE=superscript  At  '2  10  p,m.  the  Russian  artillery  exploded  one  of  the  Turkish  amunition amunitionwaggons,  waggons, amunitionwaggons,  or  limber-boxes.  At  2  15  p.m.  the  infan infantry  try infantry  made  their  appearance  from  the  Turkish  left,  emerging  from  under  cover  of  the  wood,  which  they  had  most  judiciously  .  occupied.  This  attack  was  seconded  by  the  advance  of  the  infantry  on  the  Turkish  right  of  the  battery  of  position,  and  by  the  other  regiments  from  the  village.  The  chief  attack,  the  serious  one  rather,  being  on  the  left  flank  of  the  entrenchment  where  it  met  the  river  —the  only  portion  not  properly  completed.  Their  advance  was  steady  ;  the  Turks  plied  the  fireloek  vigorously  ;  and  after  the  enemy  had  got  up  to  per perhaps  haps perhaps  fifty  yards,  they  turned,  and  beat  a  retreat  to  their  snug  little  quarters  in  the  wood.  They  must  have  been  very  severely  handled,  as  they  were  close  under  the  muzzles  of  the  musketry,  whose  every  bullet  surely  found  its  billet.  Just  as  they  advanced,  a  second  and  a  similar  explosion  took  place  in  the  entrenchment—sadly  inopportune,  as  was  doubtless  thought  by  the  Turk.  The  Russian  artillery  re redoubled  doubled redoubled  its  fire,  and  the  canonnade  recommenced  fiercely.  It  should  have  been  stated  that  the  bat battery  tery battery  of  position  had  come  up  to  about  650  yards,  their  shot  reaching  occasionally  to  the  hither  ward  side  of  the  Danube.  About  3.10  p.m.,  a  second  attack  of  infantry  was  launched  at  the  unfortunate  little  entrencl.ment,  encompassed  on  three  sides,  as  it  appeared,  by  its  enemies.  Skirmishers  were  duly  thrown  out,  and  on  a  close  approach  were  recalled.  Be  it  understood  that  the  in infantry  fantry infantry  advanced  in  columns  on  both  occasions  close  on  quarter-distance,  very  ridiculously,  it  is  thought,  though  of  course  the  world  must  bow  to  the  supe  rior  knowledge  and  experience  of  such  a  military  nation  as  Russia.  The  columns  had  not  advanced  many  paces  when  they  appeared  overwhelmed  with  the  infantry  fire  of  the  entrenchment,  and  the  ar  tillery  fire  of  a  battery  on  the  right  bank.  They  were  thrown  into  the  most  complete  disorder,  and  retired  utterly  discomfited.  Again  their  artillery  opened,  and  drove  tunnels  into  the  entrenchment,  and  continued  firing  for  half  an  hour.  On  the  re retreat  treat retreat  of  the  infantry,  through  the  glass  their  dead  could  be  seen  in  numbers  strewing  the  ground.  There  could  be  no  mistake  about  it,  as  there  were  hundreds  of  pairs  of  eyes  that  saw  them,  with  or  without  the  assistance  of  the  telescope.  A  hearty  cheer  from  the  entrenchment  gave  vent  to  the  good  spirits  of  its  gallant  defenders,  It  was  echoed  by  one  from  the  side  by  the  united  voices  of  the  Chief's  staff  and  posse  commitatus.  The  Turkish  force  was  commanded  by  Halil  Pacha,  as  lieutenant-colonel  in  the  service,  who,  upon  his  presenting  himself  to  Omar  Paella,  was  made  a  fall  colonel.  One  of  General  Prim's  aides-de-Camp,  Colonel  Detente,  was  present  in  the  action,  and  escaped  unhurt  The  commander  received  a  slight  wound  in  the  hand.  The  report  ou  the  Turkish  side  is  only  20;  but  this  was  an  hour  or  two  after  the  action,  and  many,  who  were  then  simply  wounded,  have  since,  poor  fellows,  left  this  scene  of  trouble.  'This  morning  (sth),  it  is  stated  that  1000  stand  of  arms  have  been  taken.  One  half  of  the  eleventh  division  of  the  corps  crarmee  contains  the  21st  Se Selimginski  limginski Selimginski  and  22nd  Takut—they  have  four  bat battalions,  talions, battalions,  each  active.  The  numbers  in  the  calcula calculations  tions calculations  above  are  therefore  below  the  reality.  IRELAND.  [FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  DUBLIN,  THURSDAY  POLITICAL  CHANGES.-It  iS  rumoured  that  the  government  have  in  contemplation  the  bestowal  of  a  peerage  on  Sir  John  Young,  and  the  appointment  of  Mr.  John  Sadleir,aS  chief  secretary,  in  his  place.  THE  BOARD  OF  WORKS.—This  body,  one  of  the  most  unpopular  in  Ireland,  haS•  recently  provoked  foul  censure  by  doing  fresh  wrong.  A  Mr.  Malley,  a  mill:owner  in  Mayo,  had  his  water-power  seri seriously  ously seriously  lessened  by  the  Board's  operations,  and  brought  his  action  for  the  daniage.  He  got  a  ver verdict  dict verdict  for  .RNO.  The  Board  appealed,  and  the  verdict  was  confirmed  in  the  Court  of  Exchequer.  They  brought  a  writ  of  error,  and  after  preparing  every everything  thing everything  for  trial,  they  now  withdraw;  and  let  the  ver verdict  dict verdict  stand.  Mr.  Malley  has  lost  nearly  1,0001.  in  costs,  to  maintain  his  verdict,  and  cannot  recover  them  from  the  Board.  C  fA)NMEL  ELECTION.—Mr.  John  O'Connell  has  appeased  the  hostility  of  the  League,  and  will  be  returned  for  Clonmel.  If  they  really  do  take  his  profession  ,of  youth  as  theirs,  it  will  be  a  satisfac satisfaction  tion satisfaction  to  every  sensible  man,  as  all  the  pledge  they  could  by  any  means  extort  from  him,  has  been  op opposition  position opposition  to  every  bad  very  safe  pro promise.  mise. promise.  We  may,  accordingly,  congratulate  the  country  now  on  a  total  freedom  from  the  univer universal  sal universal  policy.  .  TlieaCcountsfrorti  the  provinces  all  concur  in  stating  that  the  weather  is  favourable  to  harvest  operations.  In  consequence  of  the  threatening  notice  served  on  Mr.  Ross,  of  Bladensburgh,  Rosstrevor,  near  Newry,  the  magistrates  of  Lower  Down  have  held  a  meeting,  and  have  called  on  the  government  for  aid  in  putting  down  outrage,  in  which,  also,  they  solicit  co-operation  from  the  well-disposed.  Sir  John  Young,  chief  secretary,  has  paid  an  official  visit  to  Belfast.  The  guardians  of  the  North  Dublin  Union.  have  declared  a  rate  of  332  per  cent.  over  last  year,  as  they  say,  in  consequence  of  the  high  price  of  provision?.  At  a  sale  of  farm  produce  in  Kilkenny,  on  Mon-  day,  carrots  brought  191.,  and  turnips  121.,  the  ton:  MUTINY  ON  BOARD  A  Snip:  7  —A  fe  - STYLE=superscript  w  days  ago  the  ship  Brooksley,  from  Greenock  to  St.  Francisco,  was  obliged,  through  stress  of  weather,  to.  put  into  Belfast  Lough.  She  was  leaky  and  required  re repairs.  pairs.- repairs.  -  Since  ,she  has  been  here  ten  of  the  crew  mutined  and  refused  to  go  to  work;  and  theywere  arrested,  on  a  warrant,  by  Head-Constable  M'lntire  and  four  of  his  men,  and  lodged  in  gaol.  SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE  DUBLIN-WEDNESDAY,  NOVEMBER  23  INWARDS  FROM  FOREIGN.—Oporto,  Oporto  ;  Meta  Her Hermina,  mina, Hermina,  Mazagan;  Ganges,  Quebec;  Majestic,  Pugwash;  Isa Isabella,  bella, Isabella,  Malaga.  CLEARED  OUTWARDS  FOREIGN.—CeIina,  Nantes';  Wan Wanderer,  derer, Wanderer,  Trinidad.  LOADING  OUTWRDS  FOREIGN.—NII._  ENTERED  INWARDS  COASTWISE.—EIiza  Anne,  Llanelly  ;  John  and  Anne,  Mostyn  ;  Edward,  Workington  ;  Collier,  Chester  ;  Capella,  Curdiff  ;  Albert,  (s),  Liverpool;  Duchess  of  Kent  (s),  do.  ;  Glow-worm  (s),  do  ;  Jane  Roper,  Newport;  Leitrim,  Liverpool  ;  Undine  (s),  London  ;  Hercules  (s),  Holyhead.  ARRIVALS  (NOT  YET  ENTERED).  —Joseph,  Cardiff.  CLEARED  OUTWARDS STYLE=superscript  COASTWISE.  Lively,  Wexford;  Times  (s),  Liverpool;  Addington,  Glasgow;  Royal  William  W,  do.  ;  Prince  (s),  do.;  City  of  Limerick  (s),  Loudon  ;  St.  inifred,  Runcorn  ;  Sarah,  'Wicklow.  ACCIDENT.  —Joseph  Tewin,  a  painter,  while  employed  yesterday  on  board  the  ship  fell  from  the  staging  on  which  he  was  working,  by  which  he  received  a  severe  compound  fracture  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  ktill,  and  other  injuries,  from  the  effects  of  which  there  arc  but  little  hopes  entertained  that  he  will  recover,,  33irtbg,  fflarriage4,  anti  OtatimS.  BIRTHS  On  the  22d  instant,  at  Sidlon-bridge,  Reigate,  the  wife  of  James  Corry  Sherrard,  Esq.,  of  a  daughter.  On  the  23d  instant,  at  Marlborough-place,  St.  John's-wood,  Mrs.  John  Treble,  jun.,  of  a  daughter.  MARRIAGES.  -----  On.the  22d  instant,  at  Raintor,  county  of  Durham,  John  George  Tollernache,  only  - STYLE=superscript  son  of  Sir  George  Sinclair,  Bart.,  and  the  Lady  Camilla  Sinclair,  of  Thurso  Castle,  Caithness,  N.  8.,  to  Emma  Isabella  Harriet  Carr,  eldest  daughter  of  William  Standish  Standish,  Esq.,  of  Duxbury-park,  Lancashire,  and  Cocken-hall,  Durham.  On  the  22d  instant,  at  St.  Paul's  Episcopal  Church,  Dundee,  by  the  Right  Rev.  the  Bishop  of  Brechin,  Peter  Banken  Esq.,  late  of  Bom Bombay,  bay, Bombay,  to  Jeannie,  se,:ond  daughter  of  Christopher  Kerr,  Esq.,  of  Dundee.  _  _  On  the  23d  instant,  at  Wrotham,  Arthur  Davies  Berrington,  Esq.,  only  son  of  J.  I  , STYLE=superscript  avies  Be  rington,  Esq.,  of  Woodland  Caste,  county  of  Glamorgan,  to  Frances  Lei  nox  Heneage,  third  daughter  of  the  Rev.  Charles  Lane,  rector  of  Wrotham,  Kent,"
