text
"111E.L.A.YD.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDMCT.)  DUBLIN,  TRURSDAT  Ti=n  7  yesterday,  when,  as  a  sequel  to  the  di  resolt  n.  was  brouglit  forward  to  - STYLE=superscript  expel_  Dr.  M'K  and  two  Pres.  jpnen  from  the  League,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  imputations  cast  by  them  on  Messrs.  Lucas  Duffy  ;  and  other  Roman  Catholic  friends  of  Tenant  Right  The  offenders  being  absent,  were  sprinkled  abuse,  being  designated  amon  human  &amp;c.  The  motion  was  however,  ultimately  withdrawn,  and  a  number  of  resolutions  having  .  been  passed  declaring  the  wish  •of  the  meeting  that  the  subject  of  Tenant  Right  should  be  pressed  on  during  the  next  session  of  Parliament,  an  adjournment  took  place  to  this  morning.  NATIONAL  SOIREI  The  banquet  to  the  Irish  party  came  off  at  the  ROtundo  yesterday,  when  about  400  persons  were  present.  The  company  included  Messrs.  Sergeant  Shee,  M.P.,  Lucas,  M.P.,  Duffy,  M.P.,  Potter,  M.P.,  Bowyer,  M.P.,  Swift,  M.P.,  Kennedy,  M.P.,  Millahon,  M.P.,  P.  O'Brien,  M.P.,  Cantwell,  Gray,  Valor,  &amp;e.  Mr.  Cantwell  presided,  and  the  proceedings  passed  off  peaceably,  and  with  great  dullness.  It  was  expected,  that  as  there  were  many  Protestants,  some  disquietude  might  be  created  by  the  - STYLE=superscript  Pope's  health,'  but  as  the  Chairman  refrained  from  proposing  that  toast,  those  who  anticipated  any  amusement  from  such  a  source,  were  disappointed.  The  toasts  of  the  evening  were,  of  O'Connell,&#34;  Hierarch  and  Clergy,  who  aided  the  Tenant  the  Tenant  Religious  Progress  of  Inde Independent  pendent Independent  Irish  of  and  Vote  by  MAYNOOTH  Connsissiort.—The  Evening  Mail  says  :  The  Commissioners  havelbeen  sitting  during  the  past  week  between  four  and  five  hours  every  day.  We  understand  they  have  already  made  considerable  progress  in  the  inquiry  contemplated  by  the  commission.  We  regret  to  learn  that  the  Chief  Baron  has  been  prevented  attending  by  severe  indisposition.  MiLrrAnY.—The  Newry  Examiner  states,  that  Mr.  Grant,  barrack-master  of  Liverpool,  is  to  succeed  Lieut.  Phillips,  barrack-master  at  Dundalk,  who  has  resigned  his  office.  BALLINASLOE  FAlL—This  fair  still  continues  compara comparatively  tively comparatively  dull,  but  in  •the  item  of  v  ethers,  the  previous  days  prices  were  equalled.  Ewes,  however,  were  quoted  a  drug  in  the  market,  but  lambs  Met  with  a  ready  sale.  The  de demand  mand demand  for'  blood  horses  continues  to  hold  up,  and  there  is  a  great  deal  of  black  cattle  in  the  green,  which  will  be  dis disposed  posed disposed  of  to-day.  The-Viceregal  party  still  continue.at  Gar Garbally,  bally, Garbally,  the  residence  of  Lord  Clancarty.  EXTRAORDINARY  ATTEMPT  AT  MURDER  AND  SUICIDE.—  Jonathan  and  Maria  Owens,  husband  and  wife,  middle-aged,  comfortable  looking  persons,  natives  of  England,  were  brought  up  at  Capel-street  Police-office,  charged  under  the  following  circumstances  :—Between  two  and  three  o'clock  on  Monday  afternoon  the  prisoners  were  observed  walking  along  the  Custom-house-quay.  On  reaching  the  ferry  steps,  the  male  prisoner  threw  his  arms  round  his  wife,  when,  although  she  struggled  violently,  he  succeeded  in  dragging  her  down  the  steps  to  the  water's  edge,  and  threw  himself  and  her  into  the  river.  The  current  was  running  very  strong  at  the  time,  and  both  very  quickly  drifted  out  to  the  centre  of  the  river,  when  a  ferry  boat,  which  happened  to  be  within  a  short  dis distance,  tance, distance,  pulled  over  to  them,  and  fortunately  rescued  them.  At  the  moment  the  boat  arrived  to  their  assistance  the  party  had  sunk  beneath  the  surface  of  the  water.  On  being  taken  out,  they  !were  conveyed  to  Sackville-place  Station-house,  where  it  appeared  the  manifested  strong  affection  for  each  other.  At  the  time  they  were  rescued,  it  was  stated  that  both  were  under  the  influence  of  drink.  The  male  prisoner  was  sent  for  trial  at  sessions  on  the  donble  charge  of  attemp attempted  ted attempted  murder  and  self-destruction..  Owens  was  described  as  a  farmer  from  Yorkshire,  and  stated  that  he  and  his  wife  had  come  over  here  to  see  the  Exhebition."
