text
"CHINA  Our  advices  from  China  are  to  the  23rd  of  August.  The  summary  of  the  Overland  Friend,  of  Chula  says  We  believe  it  to  be  very  likely  that  Pekin  has  fallen.  -\  Intelligence  to  such  purport  was  current  at  Shanghae  in  the  early  part  of  the  present  month;  and,  should  it  prove  true,  Canton  cannot  long  remain  without  some  demonstration  being  made  by  the  large  bodies  of  men  in  connec connection  tion connection  with•the  northern  army,  said  to  be  waiting  a  signal  to  throw  the  whole  place  into  a  blaze.  At  '  present,  (so  far  as  we  know)  all  is  quiet  at  all  the  consular  ports.  The  Amoy  patriots  have  been  trying  their  hands  at  a  sea-fight  with  a,  Tartar  fleet  off  Quemoy,  but  got  the  worst  of  it,  although,  no not-Ling  t-Ling not-Ling  daunted,  they  are  preparing  for  a  second  en encounter.  counter. encounter.  On  the  9th  instant,  the  displaced  •Taou •Taoutae  tae •Taoutae  and  the  chief  magistrate  of  the  district  - STYLE=superscript  notified  to  foreign  residents,  that  as  the  admiral  on  the  Canton  station  had  joined  his  fleet  with  that  of  the  admiral  on  the  Amoy  station,  it  was  their  intention  to  bring  forward  the  land  forces  again,  and  make  a  grand  attack  both  by  land  and  sea;  and  they  strongly  advised  foreigners  to  move  both  goods  and  ships  out  of  the  From  Singapore  the  rebels  have  .received  large  supplies  of  ammunition  lately,  and  numerous  adhe adherents.  rents. adherents.  On  the  sth  inst.,  we  hear  that  the  rebel  chiefs  in  full  dress,  and  attended  by  a  large  guard,  passed  through  the  principal  streets,  and  visited  some  of  the  temples.  •  The  arrival  of  Admiral  Pellew  with  his  squadron  was  noticed  in  our  last  Overland  summary.  The  way  in  which  his  excellency  has  performed  the  ditties  of  his  office  since  his  arrival  has  givEn  to  every  one  a  most  unsatisfactory  impression,  parti particularly  cularly particularly  in-Canton,  where  foreign  residents  have  been  left  at  a  most  critical  juncture  for  a  whole  fortnight,  without  any  protection  whatever.  In  addition  to  what  had  to  be  apprehended  from  the  sleeping  rebels,  the  whole  of  the  population  of  the  surrounding  country  were  to  be  feared  on  account  of  the  deep  distress  they  are  now  and  have  been  undergoing  through  the  great  floods,  which  have  caused  an  untold-of  amount  of  loss  of  life  and  property.  So  high  have  the  waters  been.  in  Canton,  commencing  with  the  new,  and  subsiding  only  after  the  fnll  moon,  that  it  was  cus customary  tomary customary  to  -bring  boats  over  the  gardens  to  the  house  steps,  and  .load  them  with  silk  and  other  articles  for  .  shipment."
