text
"BIRKENHEAD,  ROBBERY.—fohn  Clarke  was  charged  with  stealing  quantity  of  iron  bolts  from  the  dockyard  of  Mr.  Makin,  ort  the  24th  of  last  month,  It  appeared  from  the  eviden  ce STYLE=superscript  d  that  the  prisoner,  on  th  e  d  ay  i  n  quest  i  on,  was  o  bserve  loitering  about  the  yard,  by  police  officer  No.  24.  On  see'  ing  the  officer,  the  prisoner  r  a  n  b  e  hi  n  d  some  waggon  s,  an  d  attempted.  to  make  his  escape,  which  he  ultimately  did.  During  the  time  that  he  was  delayed  behind  the  wagga  s STYLE=superscript  i  the  officer  noticed  him  take  some  iron  from  out  of  his  slop  and  lay  it  on  the  ground.  The  officer  was  in  search  of  hill'  until  last  night  about  ten  o'clock,  when  he  saw  prisoner  Parker-street;  he  pursued  him  through  several  streets,  all,  finally  apprehended  him  going  into  his  own  house,  with  quantity  of  sheet  lead,  weighing  about  seven  lbs.  wrapiicu,  round  his  body.  The  iron  was  identified  by  Mr.  Robins)  foreman  in  the  employ  of  Mr,  Makim.  The  prisoner  wa  s STYLE=superscript  committed  for  trial  at  the  Sessions.  John  _Kane,  a  labourer,  wad  charged  with  drunkenness  , STYLE=superscript  and  also  with  breaking  several  panes  of  glasi  in  the  house  of  Mrs.  Syrtis,  Liinekiln-lane.  _ye  was  fined  ss.  and  costs.  SUSPECTED  ROBBERY.—Three  boys  named  Dickinson,  Bolton,,  and  koore,  were  apprehended  by  police  officer  3,  0  0 STYLE=superscript  suspidion  of  stealing  'six  pigeons.  When  they  were  taken  to  Bride  Well,  they  admitted  they  had  stolen  them.  The  pri'  soners  were  remanded  till  Wednesday,  to  enable  the  officer  to  find  an  owner  for  the  property.  r  S  As§AUtT.--:-Phillip  Magerry,  remanded  froth  a  previou  day,  on  a  charge  of  assaulting  Johniturns,  in  back  Beckwith Beckwithstreet,  street, Beckwithstreet,  with  intent  to  do  him  some  greviOus  bodily  harm,  again.  brought  .up  - STYLE=superscript  to-day,  when  he  was  sent  for  trial.  ASSAULT  BY  A  LUNATIC:  —,Tohn  Pemberton,  was  •charge  Witli2violently  assaulting  his  mother,  Margaret  Pemberton.  It  appeared  the'Prisoner  is  very  subject  to  'fits,  arid  when  suffering  front  them  is  extremely  violent  towards  his  mother  Shelitid  several  marks  upon  her  body  caused  by  his  violeiice  He  - STYLE=superscript  ordered  to  be  sent  to  the  county  Lunatic  usylton.  The  mother,  upori:hearing  the  sent  ence  ,  s  h  e  d'  tears.  'fh  b STYLE=superscript  J•  magistrate  prOmiged  her  he  would'  see  her  'son-  pioperly  at  - STYLE=superscript  I:  .tended  to,  and  would  from  time  to  time  let  her  know  11  01 STYLE=superscript  .  he  WdS.  CHOLERA  IN  LivEiti  , STYLE=superscript  oOL.=-  - STYLE=superscript  Up  'to  eight  o'clock  last  evening,  'no  less  than  eight  cases  of  Asiatic  Cholera  were  admitted  into  the  Cholera  Wards  of  the  Workhous  e STYLE=superscript  Hospital  from  various  parts  of  the  town.  In  all  those  eases/  however,  the  parties  '  are  emigrants,  and  have  been  but  a  few  days  in  -Liverpool.  Three  cases  of  cholera  in  addition  have  been  'reportod  On  board'  the  eminTant  ship  Einin  g STYLE=superscript  Fields,  now  lying  ,in  the  river.  Only  one  death  fon'  cholera  occurred  in  the  Hospital  yesterday:  Thirty  sae?!  cholera  patients  now  remain  under  treatment.  WEDDING  FESTIVITIES  AT  THE  SEAT  OF  THE  EARL  Or  WILTON,  NEAR  AfANCHESTER.—The  marriage  of  th  e STYLE=superscript  Honourable  Captain  Dudley  de  Roos,  of  the  Horse  Guards/  and  Equerry  to  Prince  Albert,  only  son  of  Lord  and  La%  do  Roos,  of  Old  Court  Strangford,  County  Down,  Irelap  with  Lady  Elizabeth  Grey  Egerton,  the  eldest,  daughter  °'  the  Earl  and  Countess  of  Wilton,  of  Heaton  House,  w  ill  1)e STYLE=superscript  solemnized  to-morrow  at  the  parish  church  Prestwich,  near  Manchester  by  the  Hon.  and  Rev.  Gerald  Wellesly,brother  t)/ STYLE=superscript  Lord  Cowley.  There  are  to  be  great  rejoicings  on  the  f  .  ,,  c STYLE=superscript  ;  casion.  Lord  and  Lady  and  the  Hon.  Miss  de  Roos,  and  3  3 STYLE=superscript  -''  Graham,  daughter  of  the  Right  Hon.  Sir  James  Gral•O'  are  at  present  on  a  visit  to  the  Earl  and  Countess  of  Wi1to!:  and  yesterday  a  large  accession  of  distinguished  visitors  I;  expected.  To-clay.there  is  to  ba  a  dinner  given  to  about  Pi  a  hundred  and  fifty  children  of  the  various  schools  coan„e9  te STYLE=superscript  be  with  Heaton.  To-Morrow,  a  marriage  breakfast'  Will  given  in  the  morning,  and  a  ball  in  the  evening,  anil  Thursday  the  labourers  and  their  wives  on  the  estates  of  t  u  d  noble  father  of  the  bride  will  be  plentifully  regaled,  an  various  amusements  will  close  the  day,"
