text
"CHINA  MARKETS.  HONGKONG,  Oct.  10.  EXCHANGES.--  Oriental  Bank  Rates  :  On  London,  six  months'  sight,  ss.  4d.  ;  one  day's  sight,  ss.  2  1 STYLE=superscript  d.  On  Bombay,  15  day  s  '  s  i  g  ht,  250  rs.  per  100  dots.  ;  on  Calcutta,  15  days'  sight,  250  rs.  per  100  dols.—  Mercantile  Rates  :  On  London,  six  mouths'  sight,  ss.  4d.  to  ss.  6d.  ;  E.I.C.  bills  accepted,  245  to  254  ;  English  coins,  12  per  cent.  discount  ;  Co.'s  rupees,  250  rs.  per  100  dols.;  Mexican  dollars  31  ;  per  cent.  discount.  CANTON,  Oct.  8.  EXCHANG  ES  .  Bill  s  on  L  on  d  on,  ss.  4d.  ;  0.  B.  Co.'s  bills  on  Calcutta,  248  to  250  rs  .  ;  ditto  ditto  on  Bombay,  248  to  25Q  rs.  ;  East  India  Com Company's  pany's Company's  bills,  248  to  250  rs.  FREIGHTS.  —PORT  RATES.  —England,  21.  10s.  to  3/.  ;  New  York,  10  dols.  for  tea,  &amp;c.,  and  20  dols.  silks  ;  San  Francisco,  15  dols.  per  ton  of  40  cubic  feet  ;  Bombay,  20  cents.  per  pecul  ;  Calcutta,  according  to  the  value  of  mer mermerchandise.  merchandise. mermerchandise.  LAW  COURTS.-LONDON.  EXCHEQUER  CHAMBERS.  THE  GREAT  NORTHERN  RAILWAY  COMPANY  V.  THE  SOUTH  YORKSHIRE  AND  RIVER  DUN  COMPANY.  Mr.  BRAMIVELL  stated  that  this  was  a  writ  of  error  from  the  judgment  of  the  Court  of  Exchequer,  which  had  been  given  in  favour  of  the  South  Yorkshire  Company.  It  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  a  deed  had  been  made  between  these  two  com companies  panies companies  with  regard  to  the  toll  to  be  paid  by  the  plaintiffs  in  error  to  the  defendants  for  the  passage  of  coal  over  the  defendants'  railway.  This  was  upon  a  very  intricate  fluctu fluctuating  ating fluctuating  principle.  The  learned  counsel  submitted  that  it  was  now  established  law  that  these  corporations  were  created  for  a  limited  purpose  and  with  limited  powers,  and  an  act  done  by  them  beyond  those  purposes  or  powers  was  not  only  illegal  but  was  absolutely  void  ;  and  he  contended  that  this  was  an  act  in  excess  of  the  statutes  which  incorporated  these  railways.  Sir  F.  KELLY,  on  the  other  side,  would  admit  that  the  cases  laid  down  that  no  contract  should  be  enforced,  the  performance  of  which  involved  the  violation  of  an  act  of  parliament,  but  he  submitted  that,  if  on  a  careful  con consideration  sideration consideration  of  this  contract  it,should  be  found  to  be  a  rea reasonable,  sonable, reasonable,  fair,  and  just  contract,  entered  into  deliberately  by  these  two  railway  companies,  not  by  way  of  speculation,  but  after  experience  of  the  traffic,—if  the  court  should  find  that  it  was  not  only  reasonable  and  just,  but  had  been  deli deliberately  berately deliberately  entered  into  for  the  advantage  of  both  companies,  the  court  would  pause  before  it  held  such  a  contract  to  be  void.  It  was  under  this  contract  that  such  a  rivalry  had  been  created  to  the  old  mode  of  supplying  the  metropolis  with  coals,  but  the  Great  Northern  Company  were  now  desirous  of  setting  aside  this  contract,  in  order  to  fall  back  upon  an  earlier  one  which  was  more  in  their  favour.  Was  it  a  fatal  objection  that  the  remuneration  was  uncertain  in  amounts?  The  arguments  were  not  concluded  when  the  court  rose.  In  the  case  o  f  the  East  Lancashire  v.  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  which  stood  for  judgment  in  this  court,  is  not  yet  prepared.  INSOLVENT  DEBTORS'  COURT,  Nov.  28.  CAPTAIN  Re  RICHARD  JOHN  HICKS.—  This  insolvent,  who,  under  the  name  of  Captain  Hicks,  has  lately  become  somewhat  notorious  in  consequence  of  certain  proceedings  at  the  Marylebone  Police-court,  and  the  Middlesex  sessions,  had  petitioned  the  court  under  the  Pro Protection  tection Protection  Act,  and  was  to  have  undergone  his  first  examination  to-day.  Mr.  LEWIS,  the  insolvent's  attorney,  said  his  client  was  not  present;  but  had  sent  an  _affidavit  which  set  forth  that  he  was  in  attendance  upon  the  master  of  the  rolls  in  Ireland,  and  could  not  leave  Dublin  without  rendering  himself  liable  to  an  attachment.  A  suit  had  been  instituted  to  remove  him  from  the  guardianship  of  his  children.  Mr.  SARGOOD  said  he  appeared  to  oppose  for  three  credi creditors,  tors, creditors,  and  should  ask  the  court  not  to  renew  the  protection,  as  it  was  a  case  in  which,  if  the  nowt  had  had  all  the  cir cirstances  stances cirstances  before  it  at  first,  no  protection  would  ever  have  been  granted.  The  Chief  COMMISSIONER  looked  at  the  schedule,  and  found  the  insolvent  described  himself  as  a  captain  in  the  Rotunda  corps  of  cavalry,  and  agent  to  a  paper  -maker  in  Dublin.  The  affidavit  appeared  to  have  been  sworn  on  Friday,  and  it  stated  that  the  matter  in  which  he  was  con concerned  cerned concerned  stood  for  Saturday.  He  could  have  come  over  on  Saturday  night,  and  returned  this  evening  to  Dublin.  Mr.  LEWIS  said  there  were  executions  out,  and  if  the  court  should  think  fit  to  withhold  further  protection  the  in insolvent  solvent insolvent  would  be  prevented  from  returning  to  Dublin.  Mr.  SARGOOD  stated  the  case  of  two  of  his  clients,  Messrs.  Stapleton  and  Jacobs,  to  be  that  their  debts  had  been  con contracted  tracted contracted  by  fraud.  Mr.  Clement,  the  third  opposing  creditor,  was  a  schoolmaster  with  whom  the  insolvent  pl  ace  d  th  ree  of  his  sons  at  Midsummer,  1851,  and  removed  them  a  t  Christmas  following  without  paying  the  bill  of  441.  Is.  6d.  The  insolvent  was  arrested  upon  a  capias  ,  to  which  he  put  in  bail  in  the  persons  of  Miss  Fig  ges  ,  o  f  the  Aviary,  Chel Cheltenham,  tenham, Cheltenham,  and  Mr.  Noble,  of  Oatland-house,  near  Ledbury.  Mr.  Clement  proceeded  with  an  action  which  he  had  com commenced,  menced, commenced,  and  the  insolvent  pleaded  Never  but  did  not  appear  at  the  trial,  when  a  verdict  was  given  for  the  plaintiff  for  the  full  amount,  the  costs  being  taxed  at  761.  10s.  The  insolvent  then  asked  for  time,  and  proposed  his  mother-in-law  (Mrs.  Figges)  as  security,  representing  her  as  a  widow.  That  lady's  guarantee  was  taken,  and  two  months'  delay  was  allowed;  but,  no  money  being  forth forthcoming  coming forthcoming  at  the  end  of  that  period,  an  action  was  commenced  against  Mrs.  Figges  ;  whereupon  the  insolvent  wrote  to  the  plaintiff's  solicitor,  stating  that  the  lady  was  a  married  woman,  and  would  plead  her  coverture,  which  statement  induced  the  attorney  to  discontinue  that  action.  Proceed Proceedings  ings Proceedings  were  then  taken  against  Miss  Figges,  under  the  bail bailbond,  bond, bailbond,  but  she  immediately  left  this  country  for  Ireland.  The  other  bail  (Mr.  Noble)  was  also  sued,  who  proved  to  be  an  assistant  at  a  school  at  Oatland-house,  and  was  worth  nothing.  Judgment  having  been  obtained  against  him,  Noble  took  the  benefit  of  the  act  at  Hereford,  and  on  Mr.  Clement's  opposition,  was  remanded  for  six  calendar  months.  Since  then,  Noble's  father  had  paid  to  Mr.  Clement  801.  to  obtain  his  son's  release  ;  and  that  sum,  after  paying  the  costs  of  the  action  against  Noble,  and  of  the  opposition,  left  a  balance  of  the  judgment  debt  still  unsatisfied,  and  the  costs  in  the  action  against  insolvent  (76/.),  of  course,  quite  untouched.  In  Noble's  schedule  it  was  stated  that  Dicks  gave  him  a  written  instrument  purporting  to  be  an  assign assignment  ment assignment  of  a  bond  for  5001.,  bearing  6  per  cent.  interest,  and  also  an  assignment  of  some  hoiseh.old  furniture.  The  learned  COMMISSIONER  remarked  that  that  part  of  the  case  did  not  bear  against  the  insolvent,  except  that  he  ought  to  be  present  to  undergo  examination.  Mr.  Samuel,  manager  of  the  business  of  Mr.  Jacobs,  umbrella  and  walking-cane  dealer,  in  Cockspur-street,  com complained  plained complained  that  on  the  20th  o  f  September  last  the  insolvent  bought  a  Malacca  cane  for  305.,  giving  in  payment  a  cheque  on  the  National  Bank  of  Ireland  for  £5.,  drawn  in  favour  of  Captain  Hicks  by  R.  J.  Hicks,  and  receiving  the  difference.  Mr.  Stapleton,  a  wine  -merchant,  produced  two  similar  cheques  for  £9  10s.  and  £l5,  which  he  had  cashed  for  the  insolvent,  who  represented  the  drawer  to  be  his  cousin,  the  barrack-master  at  Nenagh,  who  was  his  agent,  and  trans transmitted  mitted transmitted  the  cheques  on  account  of  rents  which  he  received.  Upon  the  insolvent's  trial  at  the  Middlesex  Sessions  Captain  Joseph  Hicks,  the  barrackmaster  at  Nenagh,  was  examined,  and  denied  all  acquaintance  with  the  insolvent.  As  all  the  facts  relating  to  the  cases  of  Messrs.  Jacobs  and  Stapleton  have  been  lately  so  fully  before  the  public  (Ruins  +I  , STYLE=superscript  P  course  of  the  proceedings  before  the  magistrate  and  at  the  MicklieseA.  2..  i  mg.  it  is  unnecessary  to  repeat  the  details.  The  CHIEF  COMMISSIONER  said  the  question  at  present  was,  whether  he  should  put  off  the  case  and  enlarge  the  protection.  It  was  his  dear  le  whonpvpr  preditnrs  wiched  to  always  to  hear  them,  although  the  insolvent  might  not  be  present.  He  was  not  pledged  to  treat  it  as  evidence  upon  another  occasion,  unless  the  insolvent  assented  to  it.  The  insolvent  would  be  entitled  to  ask  the  creditors  to  come  again,  and  cross-examine  them,  and  give  what  further  evidence  he  chose,  if  he  thought  that  upon  any  future  occasion  he  could  prove  he  was  not  a  common  cheat  and  a  swindler,  but  at  present  he  (the  Chief  Commissioner)  should  not  enlarge  the  protection."
