text
"MR.  GOUGH'  S  TEMPERANCE  LECTURES.  On  Saturday  Mr.  GOUGH  attended  at  the  Concert-hall,  at  twelve  o'clock,  for  the  purpose  of  addressing  a  meeting  of  ladies  upon  the  temperance  movement.  The  galleries  were  well  filled  with  ladies,  but  the  body  of  the  hall  was  almost  entirely  empty.  The  chair  was  taken  by  Mr.  HAR.RISON,  who  briefly  in introduced  troduced introduced  the  lecture  to  the  meeting.  Mr.  GOUGH  then  delivered  ''in  eloquent  address  to  the  meeting  upon  the  important  assistance  which  the  women  of  Liverpool  had  it  in  their  power  to  render  the  temperance  enterprise,  as  well  by  discouraging  the  s  oc  i  a  l  h  a  bit  o  f  using  intoxicating  liquors,  as  by  forming  an  organisation  of  their  practically  to  aid  the  movement.  He  dwelt  upon  the  influence  possessed  by  mothers  in  forming  the  habits  of  children,  an  influence  which  be  showed  was  seldom  wholly  inefficacious  in  after  years,  even  amongst  a  'parently  hardened  criminals.'  He  also  pointed  out  the  influence  of  young  wo women  men women  over  young  men  in  discouraging  the  drinking  customs  of  society,  and  reminthd  the  meeting  that  it  was  impossible  any  custom  could  long  remain  fashionable  or  prevalent  which  the  female  portion  of  the  world  resolutely'  opposed.  Having  expatiated  upon  these  questions  withimuch  eloquence,  and  illustrated  them  by  a  variety  of  instances  the  lecturer  expressed  a  hope  that  some  steps  would  at  once  be  taken  to  form  a  society  of  ladies  to  aid  the  temperance  movement  in  Liverpool,  and  concluded  amid  loud  applause,  The  Rev.  FRANCIS  BISHOP  proposed  a  resolution  to  the  effect  that  an  association  of  ladies  be  formed,  in  correspon correspondence  dence correspondence  with  the  Ladies'  Temperance  Association  of  London,  for  the  purpose  of  bringing  their  influence  to  bear  upon  the  drinking  customs  of  society  in  such  manner  as  might  seem  most  desirable.  Mr.  JOSEPH  CROSSPIELD  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  adopted,  the  ladies  present  holding  up  their  hands.  Thanks  were  then  passed  to  the  chairman,  and  the  meet meeting  ing meeting  separated,  a,  number  of  ladies  remaining  to  take  the  necessary  preliminary  steps  for  the  organisation  of  the  pro proposed  posed proposed  society.  DEATH  BY  THE  BURSTING  OF  A  BLOOD-VESSEL.—On  Saturday,  shortly  after  eleven  o'clock,  a.m.,  a  joiner,  named  Henry  Bolton,  employed  in  the  ship-yard  of  Mr.  J.  Major,  when  in  the  act  of  assisting  to  carry  a  plank  in  a  yard,  ruptured  a  blood-vessel.  He  was  immediately  carried  to  the  Northern-hospital,  but  died  before  he  had  reached  the  institution.  LIVERPOOL  SESSIONS.--The  intermediate  sessions  conclu concluded  ded concluded  on  Saturday—The  following  are  the  sentences  passed  on  the  several  prisoners  convicted  :—William  'Wrigley,  3  calender  months.  hard  labour,  and  10  days  solitary  confine confinement.  ment. confinement.  Catherine  Bryan,  6  calender  months  and  hard  labour.  Thomas  Wilson,  5  calender  months,  hard  labour,  one  week  solitary  confinement  and  hard  labour.  Thomas  Johnson,  4  years'  penal  servitude.  Joseph  Jones,  3  calender  months  and  hard  labour.  Henry  Lloyd,  9  calender  months  hard  labour,  10  days  solitary  confi  nemen  t  an  d  once  whipped.  James  Fox,  4  calender  months  and  hard  labour  Margaret  Travis,  6  weeks  and  hard  labour.  John  Grey,  10  calender  months,thard  lab  , STYLE=superscript  v..,  nd  separate  weeks  solitary  confinemei  t.  Edward  Anderson,  4  calender  months  and  hard  labour.  Robert  Potts,  4  years  penal  servitude.  E  ward  Donoran  8  calender  months,  two  several  weeks  solitary  confinement  and  once  whipped.  James  Condon,  5  calender  months,  hard  labour  and  one  week  solitary  confinement.  George  Wil Williams,  liams, Williams,  6  weeks.  hard  labour,  4  days  solitary  confinement.  Robert  Blackburn,  6  years  penal  servitude.  Emma  Wil Williams,  liams, Williams,  15  calender  months,  hard  labour.  Ellen  Walsh,  9  calendar  months,  hard  labour.  Mary  Grimley,  7  calender  months,  hard  labour.  Margaret  Balmer,  4  years  penal  ser servitude.  vitude. servitude.  Robert  Richardson.  4  calender  months,  hard  labour.  James  M'Grath,  4  calender  months,  hard  labour,  50  days  solitary  confinement.  James  Waters,  4  calender  months,  hard  labour,  one  week  solitary  confinement.  William  Lang,  4  calender  months,  hard  labour.  one  week  solitary  confine confinement.  ment. confinement.  Robert  Campbell,  15  calender  months,  hard  labour,  10  days  solitary  confinement,  and  once  whipped.  John  Wood,  (stealing  43  bags  of  cotton),  6  years  'penal  servitude.  Nancy  Hindle,  9  calender  months,  hard  labour.  John  Jones,  5  calender  months,  hard  labour.  Mary  Williams,  3  calender  months,  hard  labour.  Ann  Williams,  5  years  penal  servitude.  Donald  M'Can,  3  calender  months,  3  days  solitary  confinement.  Thomas  Murphy,  4  years  penal  ser  vitude.  George  Pendleton,  4'  years  penal  servitude.  Ann  Lowrie,  4  weeks  imprisonment.  Ellen  M'Donough,  3  calender  months,  hard  labour.  Elizabeth  Johnson,  5  calen calender  der calender  months,  har  labour.  Walter  Melin,  7  calender  months,  hard  labour.  Owen  'Williams,  10  weeks.  hard  labour,  3  days  solitary  confinement.  Fanny  Foams,  4  calender  months,  hare.  labour.  Mary  M'Glashing,  15  calender  mOnths,  hard  labour.  Richard  Lyons,  4  weeks,  hard  labour.  John  Scholes,  4  years  penal  servitude.  Fanny  Hynn,  6  calender  months,  hard  labour,  SHARE  MARKETS.-SATURDAY.  LIV  UPOOL.  The  following  were  the  transactions  :  —Blackburn,  5/  ;  Ca Caledonian,  ledonian, Caledonian,  28  28k;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Stock,  68  69  ,  London  and  North  Western,  1034  1041  ;  Ditto  Fifths,  pi,  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lincoln  Stock,  25k;  Midland,  63/  641  64k  658;  North  British,  81-;  South  Eastern  Stock,  198  198  ;  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwick,  16/.  The  closing  prices  were  as  follow  :—Caledonian  '  4  21k  ;  Eastern  Counties,  13/  I;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  688  ;  London  and  North  Western,  103144;  Midland,  64  k  ;  North  British,  8,1  ;  South  Eastern,  —l9  a  t  ;  York  and  North,  241  25;  Sheffild  Stock,  2511.  MANCHESTER.—The  following  was  the  business  done  to-day  :—Caledonian,  28  3-16  ;  Cork,  Blackrock,  and  Passage,  ;  East  Lancashire,  162;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  68  k  8  /  ;  Ditto,  Fifths,  61d;  London  and  North  W  es  t  er  n  B  M  and  Qrs  C,  5-16  p  ;  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  Lin Lincolnshire  colnshire Lincolnshire  25/  ;  Ditto,  pref.  71  per  cent.,  10/  ;  Ditto,  new  £6  pref:,  5-16  p  ;  Midland,  64k  —•,  North  British,  8,  i.  r2  ;  North  Staffordshire,  54d;  South  Eastern,  19  1-16  a.Leeds,  681;  Dovers,  19  1-16."
