text
"i  there  is  not;:ing  to  report.  morring,  po  cisposition  was  evinced  to  purchase,  and  the  whole  was  wig  Finat  :  JOG  bales  Mexican  have  bee  d:,  private,  but  the  price  has  not  transpired.-  ;posed  of,  by  MR.  ALDERMAN  TOULMIN  AND  THE  RATES.  0  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES,  Sir,--My  attention  has  been  called  to  a  statement  in  your  paper  of  to-day,  said  to  have  been  made  at  a  meeting,  yes yesteruay,  teruay, yesteruay,  of  the  Health  Committee.  The  - STYLE=superscript  statement  is  sooffecsiveTi  put,  and  so  void  of  truth,  that  I  feel  called  upon  to  lay  the  simple  facts  before  the  public.  The  report  represents  that  I.  was  summoned  to  pay  my  On  the  15th  November  I  paid  all  rates  owing  by  me  in  respect  of  all  property  belongint,  to  me  in  th  e  b  oroug  h  .  At  that  time  a  sum  o  f  4s.  10d.-an  d  a  sum  of  13s.  was  claimed  in  respect  'of  two  distinct  properties,  the  rents  of  of  which  were  paid  to  me;-  but  as  they  did  not  belong  to  me,  and  were  imperfectly  described,  so  that  I  could  not  at  the  time  make  out  the  occupations,  I  said  an  inquiry  should  be  made,  and  if  found  correct  they  s  h  ou  ld  b  e  pa  id  .  Th  i  s  was  on  the  15th  November  last.  I  heard  no  more  of  the  matter,  nor  was  I  applied  to  again  on  the  subject  until  some  time  in  December,  when  I  was  served  with  a  summons  for  (not  4s.  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  previously  claimed)  but  7s.  4d.  in  respect  of  one  pro pro-id  -id pro-id  another  summons  was  served  at  the  same  time  -r  property.  I  felt,  and  still  feel,  that  I  '•  with  by  the  collectors  in  having  mounts  wiithout  any  fur-  'or  13s.  for  the  of  had  not  been  fairl  two  summonses  for  s  on  being  made  on  the  subject  lh  triflinz  The  pr  I  repeat,  does  not  belong  to  me,  cons  e.  felt  bound  to  enquire  into,'and  ascertain  the  before  they  were  paid.  I  was  'rinted  letter,  said  to  have  V  the  law  clerk  tk;  a  sent  to  mv  of"
