text
"- STYLE=superscript  an  d  „dist  ke  that  being:  contin  rem.ely  agitated,  .  .  Itch  commit*ee  had  th?dl  be-fore  them;  tier  W  46  Le,  t  pared  for  the  speech,  reacly_'Cut  and  dry,  from  Mr.  Branei  r,  and  whicb,  from  its  character  'he  wav  it  hid  been  d  Tereri,'•sliowed  that,  the  swlittle  . STYLE=superscript  stns  oral  Ifis  public  conduct.  Sci  fir,  via  a  concerned,  he.had  no  :per  against  t.,„  watch  committee,  collectively  and  intdiYidually  be  Ir  'hived  they,  wate:'llary  Jonourahie;  ten;  but  while  he  denied  the  he.  had  afforded  an,  i*  cause  for  the  remarks  of  Mr.  Braucher,  be  waild  etittn  This  reasons  for  mentionin7  the  circhntstance  wbfob  pife  - STYLE=superscript  rise-to  that  - STYLE=superscript  .  discussion  ;  an  71  in  doin  g  so  it  'would&#34;liis  Anti..te  Otkoli  ono  member  of  the  council,  who.  knew  that  what  he  (Ar.  Hodson)  stated  was  a  fact.  He  did'hot  wish  to  make  any  remark  that  scab  tOo  -1 STYLE=superscript  1Seiere,  or  look  like  a  charge  noon  At))  , STYLE=superscript  individual  .`ow  laOd  of  men,  but  whe  n  he  first  entered  th  e  counc  il  t  hy  ,astona  which  Mr.  aornby  defettirrild  ~.,  Q STYLE=superscript  eches  to  object  to  'lawyers  ;bei  n  g  plasNt  ion  —wee  committee.  was  objected,  too,  by  :  „ STYLE=superscript  several  members  of  the  council  that  spirit  merchants  :oribrevirepi  should  be  on  the  watch  committee,  but  it  was  a  f4t;  i STYLE=superscript  alltl,a  fad  woilhy,  of  recording,  that  there  were  timber  'merchants  in  the  etAincii,  that  every  one•  of  those  five  was  on  the  watch  .committee,tand  that  no  sooner  did  a  timber  niercb9t  appear  in  ;the  room  than  he  Fa;  also  pLwed  ,on  it.  Gear,  a*,  from  gr.  Beckwith.)  tle,  (Mr.  :,Hodson)  had  asked:  for  three  years  to  be  put  on  , STYLE=superscript  the  watch  •ctuntnittee,  because  he  was  fully  acquainted  With  the  conslititsOint  apnliee  force,  and  could  give  to  the  committee  and  their  officers  informatien  that  would  be  of  service  to  them,  but  in  IrAttl;  but  no  sooner  did  Mr.  Halhead  enter  the'rOom  'than  he  was  made  .4  lIICJI2ber  of  the  committee,  no  sooner  did  thz  ronnt  than-he  was  made  a,meniber  Fitnworth  entiri  and  vet;  Vv.  gedsoL  w  as—a  c  „..  if  theiconiniitiee'  and  no  sooner  did  _  the  room  than  3 STYLE=superscript  ,he  alsO  wh's  made  a.  member'  or  Irodstsn)  !  who  had  beep  raised  tu,:ln  put  on  ,i  t  terWas  long  a  member  of  the  aoxneil  before  any  of  those  , STYLE=superscript  gentle-1  What,  then,  was  the  ',mon  the  litirlier:  ,ere  put  on  the'watch  eominittc(.l:  ;The  faqt  Fkil  obvious=the  law  whi  c  h  'afeerecl  thei  r  business  was  a•  bad,  law  ;  they  were  oompaliad:  to  remove  timber;  *ithin  too  short  a  period,  and  he  would  call  upon„Afr.  !  'apdale  who  would  tell  them  whether  it  was  not  a  bet  t,  iti  .4Onie9uence  of  that  law,  the  , STYLE=superscript  system  which  he  'onod-  had  to  bo  praetisod  day  by  hour  byl  'gear,  leetworth,  genera;  criesi  He  would  call  on  M.  I,angsdW  •-1(1  himself  under  his  statement  :Oierch  ail  ts"
