text
"It  is  confidently  reported  on  the  Bourse  to-day,  of  police  I  Knial  THE  CRIMEA  an  armistice  was  signed  yesterday  at  Vienna  for  three  months,  and  that  the  peace  conferences  are  to  be  held  in  this  city.  If  the  first  part  of  the  news  be  true,  you  will  have  already  received  it  by  telegraph  from  Vienna  ;  for  the  latter,  my  letters  will  have  already  prepared  you.  A  telegraphic  despatch  from  Berlin  says  that  the  circular  of  Count  Nesselrode  to  the  diplomatic  agents  of  his  government,  states  that  Russia  has  consented  to  make  concessions  for  peace,  in  order  to  please  her  Allies,  but  in  no  respect  because  her  own  in  teretts  call  for  peace.  The  Constitutionnel  of  to-day  publishes  a  letter  dated  St.  Petersburg,  Which  says,  that  the  Emperor  Alexander  resolved  on  peace  without  consulting  his  brother  Constan Constantine;  tine; Constantine;  and  that  the  nobles  received  the  news  of  his  having  made  concessions,  with  discontent,  and  the  mass  of  the  people  with  incredulity.  All  this  is  not,  it  must  be  confessed,  couleur  de  rose.  A  Hamburg  despatch  states,  that  the  Russian  Government  has  just  ordered  a  new  issue  of  54,000.000  roubles  of  treasury  bills.  A  Berlin  letter  says,  that  the  Prussian  Cabinet  has  resolved  not  to  make  any  change  in  its  atti attitude  tude attitude  or  policy  in  order  to  obtain  admission  to  the  peace  conferences.  It  is  reported  to-day,  that  the  Bank  of  France  had  resolved  to  accept  bills  at  three  months'  date.  This  will  be  a  great  convenience  to  commerce.  Combined  with  the  report  of  the  armistice,  it  has  caused  another  large  rise  on  the  Stock  Exchange.  In  addition  to  the  Crimean  medal  granted  to  the  French  troops  who  served  in  the  Crimea,  the  English  government  has  conferred  the  dignity  of  G.C.B.  on  General  Bosquet  and  General  Regnault  de  St.  Jean  d'Angeley  ;  of  K.C.B.  on  Generals  de  Maitimprey,  Niel,  Duitte,  EPelesuie,  awl  Arenmet,  also  Capt.  Amirel  of  the  navy  ;  of  C.B.  on  Generals  Espinasse,  Paris  de  la  Rollardiere,  Cler,  Lorenz,  De  Champeron,  Beville,  Mameque,  Forgeot  ;  Colo  nels  Courignan,  De  Rochebouet,  and  De  Douay,  and  Palthes  de  Bomret  ;  Lieutenant-colonels  Heine,  De  Malroy,  and  Gagneur,  and  Captain  Pothnau.  The  decorations  were  conferred  yesterday  in  the  isual  form,  at  the  Embassy,  in  the  presents  of  the  Ministers  of  War  and  Foreign  affairs,  Sir  Colin  Sir  A.  Woodford,  &amp;c.  Lord  Cowley  gave  a  grand  dinner  to  the  new  If  peace  should  be  established  an  extraordinary  impulse  will  be  given  to  commercial  enterprise,  and  speculations  of  all  kinds  will  be  launched  into  with  reckless  enthusiasm.  Already  I  hear  of  several  schemes  being  on  the  tapis.  English  capi-  talists  will,  no  doubt,  be  able  to  find  profit  in  some  of  these  undertakings  ;  but  they  must  be  cautious  not  to  go  too  far  and  too  fast.  One  of  the  newspapers  of  this  morning  mentions  'act  which  shows  the  development  which  French  commerce  and  manufactures  may  be  expected  to  It  is,  that  the  production  of  coal  has  risen  from  5,000,000  tons,  since  1852,  to  between  6,000,000  and  7,000,000  tons,  and  that  the  importation  of  foreign  coal  has  increased  from  8,000,000  to  between  10  000.0n0  and  11,000,000  tons.  The  Marseilles  telegraph  brings  news  from  Con Constantinople  stantinople Constantinople  to  the  14th.  It  was  said  that,  in  the  event  of  a  rupture  between  England  and  Persia,  which  was  considered  inevitable,  France  and  Turkey  would  also  break  off  with  her.  The  con  ferences  for  the  settlement  of  the  affairs  of  the  Principalities  had  commenced.  General  Vivian,  fearing  to  be  attacked  at  Kertch,  had  demanded  officers  of  infantry  and  artillery.  An  attack  of  30,000  Russians  on  Kinburn  was  expected.  At  Sebastopol  the  Allies  were  firing  on  the  Russians,  and  the  Russians  on  them.  The  following  appeared  in  our  Extra  Editions  o  f STYLE=superscript  Saturday  :  Camp,  Sebastopol,  January  12.—.  The  monotony  of  camp  life  in  the  Crimea  has  not  been  broken  by  any  event  worthy  of  record.  When  the  last  mail  left,  on  the  Bth  instant,  the  snow  which  covered  the  ground,  in  some  places  upwards  of  a  foot  in  depth,  was  meltinir  rapidly.  Now  the  snow  has  wholly  disap disappeared.  peared. disappeared.  On  the  open  ground  large  green  patches  of  new  vegetation  are  scattered,  and  many  of  the  earlier  bulbous  plants  are  shooting  up.  Should  the  wind  veer  to  the  northwards  the  scene  will  be  wholly  changed  in  a  few  hours.  The  roads  are  unavoidably  in  a  bad  con condition.  dition. condition.  The  traffic  upon  them  is  immense  and  constant.  The  condition  of  the  transport  mules  is  fast  improving.  They  are  now  nearly  all  stabled.  Six  hundred  carts  for  the  tratyport  corps  have  been  landed  during  the  present  week.  In  the  early  part  of  the  week  the  destruction  of  the  remaining  portions  of  the  Karabelnaia  docks,  in  charge  of  the  English  engineers,  was  effected.  Part  of  the  great  basin  still  remains  to  be  destroyed.  The  Rus Russians  sians Russians  have  maintained  their  fire  from  the  north  side  and  a  few  casualties  have  occurred  among  men  fetching  stores  from_the  ruins  of  the  town.—Daily  News."
