text
"POLICE  COURT  v  E  STE  RDAY.  : STYLE=superscript  (BEFORE  MR.  C.  CHALONER.)  STREET  ROBBERY.—An  interesting  young  female,  named  Eliza  Ward,  was  charged  yesterday,  at  the  police  court,  by  a  young  gentleman,  named  James  Thompson,  who  refused  to  give  his  residence,  or  to  state  to  what  profession  or  business  he  belonged,  with  stealing  his  gold  watch,  value  £2O,  from  him  in  Williamson-street.  The  parties  were  in  a  public-house  in  Williamson  square,  and,  after  leaving,  the  complainant  the  on  entering  Williamson  -street  the  prisoner  snatched  bid  watch  and  ran  away  with  it.  lie  followed,  but  viss  stopped  the  corner  by  two  men,  both  of  whOI  attempted  to  knock  him  down  ;  in  self  defence,  be  , STYLE=superscript  however,  knocked  them  down.  He  followed,  and  s  ubs  sequently  caught  the  prisoner,  but  the  watch  was  gone.  The  prisoner  said  the  story  was  quite  untrue.  The,  complainant  had  indu  ce  d  h  er  to  :go  out  for  a  wa  lk,  a  nd  then  succeeded  in  taking  her  into  a  public  house,  where  he:attempted  to  make  her  drunk;  she  refused  t  o  take  anything  except  a  small  quantity  of  brandy,  and  then  left  the  house.  He  followed,  and  wanted  her  to  take  $  lodging  for  the  night,  but  she  refused,  and  he  then  began  to  use  her  badly,  and  she  ran  away  f  rom  him.  followed,  and  charged  her  with  robbing  him.  lb  ° STYLE=superscript  prisoner  was  remanded  fora  week.  COURTS-MARTIAL.--A  letter  from  Singapore  of  Nov.  22 STYLE=superscript  '  gives  the  following  :  —(i  Several  courts-martial  have  beet  ;  lately  held  for  the  t  r  i  a  l  o  f  var  i  ous  officers  of  or  belonging  t!  the  China  fleet.  Th  e  secon  d  li  eutenant  of  the  Pique  w.e°  tried  on  a  ch  arge  of  drunkenness,  and  was  sentenced  to  be  die'  missed  his  ship,  and  placed  at  the  bottom  of  the  list  of  lieu'  tenants.  Mr.  Thomas  Wilson,  of  the  Rattler,  was  tried  fe  C STYLE=superscript  riotous  and  i  nsu  b  or  dinate  behavi  our  ,  an  d  f  or  b  eing  d  run  it  ,  he  Was  sent  e  nced  to  be  dismiss  e  d  h  er  M  a  j  esty  '  s  service;  mulcted  of  all  pay,  prize  -money,  &amp;c.,  and  to  be  imprisono.,  in  one  of  her  Majesty's  gaols.  Lieutenant  Phipps,  of  be;  Majesty's  ship  Nankin,  was  tried  on  a  charge,  preferq,  o STYLE=superscript  ,  against  him  by  Captain  the  Hon.  K  e  ith  Stewart,  for  big  a  certain  letter,  the  tone  and  spi  r  it  o  f  w  hi  c  h  implied  10 STYLE=superscript  .  ,  subordination  and  subversion  of  di  sc  i  p  li  ne  ;  h  e  ma  d  e  no  (  1 STYLE=superscript  1,  fence,  but  threw  himself  on  th  e  mercy  o  f  t  h  e  court,  which  sentenced  him  to  be  seve  re  ly  repr  i  man  d  e  d,  an  d  ad  mo  nishe  d STYLE=superscript  to  be  more  cautious  in  Printed  and  Published  by  CHARLES  WILLMER,  of  21,  0110  Astreet,  at  his  General  P  r  i  nt  i  ng  and  Stat  i  onery  Estab  South  John-street,  Liverpool.  •  THURSDAY,  JANUARY  10,  UK"
