text
"SHIPPING  INTELLIGENCE.  ARRIVED  August  Caroline,  from  London,  at  Mel Melbourne.  bourne. Melbourne.  (25)  Confucius  from  London,  at  Geelong  ;  (24)  Cutin,  from  Glasgow,  at  Port  Phillip  Heads;  (20)  Adele,  from  London,  at  Portland.  WORKING  MEN'S  BRANCH  OP  THE  PROTESTANT  REFORMATION  SOCIETY.  On  last  evening  the  members  of  this  society,  which  has  been  established  under  the  patronage  of  Alderman  E.  Molyneux,  assembled  at  a  tea-party  at  the  society's  room,  Lower  Beau Beaustreet.  street. Beaustreet.  The  room,  which  was  elaborately  decorated  with  evergreens  and  banners  having  such  inscriptions  as  long  life  to  the  &amp;c.,  was  crowded  to  suffocation;  but  of  the  couple  of  hun hundred  dred hundred  people  present,  more  than  nine-tenths  were  women.  The  chair  was  filled  by  the  Rev.  W.  F.  TAYLOR,  Incumbent  of  St.  John's.  Amongst  the  gentlemen  present  were—Rev.  George  Ireland,  curate  of  St.  John's;  Rev.  W.  P.  B.  Matthias,  (St.  Matthias)  Rev.  S.  B.  Sutton,  M.A.  ;  Rev.  M.  White,  8.A.;  Rev.  T.  Robinson,  8.A.,  and  Mr.  W.  Clarke.  When  the  tea  equipage  had  been  removed,  and  prayer  offered  up,  The  CHAIRMAN,  who  was  enthusiastically  received,  ad addressed  dressed addressed  the  assembly  at  considerable  length.  In  accounting  for  the  establishment  of  the  society,  he  observed  that  the  Church  of  Rome  had  of  late  put  forth  the  most  extraordi extraordinary  nary extraordinary  exertions  to  regain,  if  possible,  her  long  lost  ascendancy  in  this  island.  But  might  the  Lord  grant  that  such  ascen ascendancy  dancy ascendancy  would  never  again  be  obtained,  for  when  possessed  of  it  the  blood  of  many  Protestant  martyrs  bore  but  too  ample  testimony  to  the  uses  to  which  it  had  been  applied.  (Hear,  hear.)  As  a  proof  of  this  exertion  on  the  part  of  the  Church  of  Rome,  he  would  merely  mention  that  in  England  there  were  at  present  700  chapels  or  mass-houses,  where  the  God  of  Heaven  was  daily  blasphemed,  and  where  what  was  called  a  sacrifice  was  offered  up,  but  which  was  one  of  the  greatest  abominations  under  high  Heaven,  and  calculated  to  bring  down  its  vengeance  upon  the  land.  (Applause).  She  had  eleven  colleges  here  to  rear  up  her  priests  in  perjury,  profanity,  and  the  theology  of  Dens  ;  and,  moreover,  no  less  than  seventeen  monasteries  and  fifty-three  nunneries,  into  which  young  girls  were  entrapped  at  an  early  and  unsuspecting  age.  Oh  those  ecclesiastical  bastiles  ought  to  be  suppressed  by  the  law—(applause)  ;  for  he'  believed  that  was  the  only  effectual  means  by  which  this  evil  could  be  remedied.  There  were  no  less  than  one  thousand  priests  in  the  country,  who  were  dis distributing  tributing distributing  tracts—holding  meetings  wherever  they  had  an  opportunity—  carrying  on  a  crusade  against  our  constitution,  and  sapping  the  liberties  cemented  by  the  blood  of  our  fore forefathers.  fathers. forefathers.  Therefore  it  was  that  the  society  was  established  ;  and  in  order  to  meet  the  case  its  movements  should  be  ags  gressive.  They  should  not  deem  that  there  was  anything  unchristian  in  this,  for  Christianity  itself  was  essentially  ag aggressive.  gressive. aggressive.  They  wanted  to  spread  the  principles  of  Protes Protestantism—not  tantism—not Protestantism—not  of  negative  Protestantism—but  of  that  Protestantism  which  was  contained  in  their  articles  and  homilies,  and  based  on  tLe  bible.  (Applause.)  The  Rev.  Chairman  then  gave  an  amusing  description  of  the  necessity  the  Pope  was  put  to,  in  order  to  keep  down  his  corpora 'corporation,'  to  play  billiards  and  bagatelle,  and  in  conclusion  hoped  that  his  audience  would  never  permit  him  to  play  bagatelle  with  their  religion  and  liberties.  (Applause.)  Mr.  John  BENNETT,  the  secretary,  then  read  the  rules  of  the  society,  which  he  said  at  present  numbered  300  members.  Rev.  W.  SUTTON  moved  the  first  resolution,  which  xv.a  to  the  offpM-  that  t.ho  prnmotion  of  the  rolisiolLS  principles  of  the  reformation  was  a  duty  incumbent  on  all,  who  believed  that  these  principles  were  in  accordance  with  the  revealed  will  of  God.  Rev.  Xr.  ROBINSON  seconded  the  resolution,  which  was  unanimously  adopted.  Rev.  Mr.  WHITE  moved,  and  Rev.  Mr.  IRELAND  seconded,  the  next  resolution.  It  was  to  the  effect  that  they  desired  to  give  their  cordial  support  to  the  Liverpool  Auxiliary,  and  to  the  British  Society  for  promoting  the  religious  principles  of  the  Reformation  ;  and  in  so  doing,  contemplated  not  only  the  general  good  effects  that  might  result  from  the  society's  operations  at  large,  but  also  the  particular  benefit  which  might  be  looked  for  to  the  Roman  Catholics  residing  in  the  town  and  vicinity.  The  resolution  was  unanimously  adopted;  after  which  the  party  broke  up.  THE  REV.  DR.  D'AUBIGNE,  OF  GENEVA.—OPENING  OF  THE  PRESBYTERIAN  COLLEGE.—We  are  happy  to  find  that  this  distinguished  divine  and  historian  of  the  Reformation  is  now  in  Dublin,  on  his  way  to  Belfast,  for  the  purpose  of  delivering  the  inaugural  address  at  the  opening  of  the  Pres Presbyterian  byterian Presbyterian  College.  The  precise  date  of  the  opening  is  not  yet  fixed,  but  will  be  settled  in  the  course  of  to-day.  The  College  Committee,  we  understand,  had  agreed  that  Dr.  D'Aubigne  might  postpone  his  visit  till  the  close  of  the  ses session  sion session  in  April  ;  but  from  the  impression  that  it  would  be  more  conducive  to  the  interests  of  the  college,  he  was  resolved  to  comply  with  their  original  request.—Northern  Whig.  DEATH  OF  GARRETT  FARRELL,  THE  CONVICT  RIBBON  INFORMER.  —We  understand  that  this  unfortunate  man,  who  was  convicted  of  ribbonism  and  sentenced  to  transportation,  and  who  afterwards  became  an  informer,  is  now  no  more,  having  recently  died  of  disease  of  the  chest  and  lungs  in  the  Mountjoy  convict  prison,  Dublin.—Newry  Examiner.—  From  the  information  which  he  gave  a  considerable  number  of  arrests  were  affected,  both  in  England  and  Ireland.  From  some  cause  not  explained,  the  cases  against  the  Down  men  were  not  prosecuted  at  the  last  assizes—probably  the  crown  prosecutors  hoped  for  additional  evidence  by  a  postponement,  and  that  they  did  not  deem  what  they  had  sufficient  to  se secure  cure secure  verdicts.  The  position  of  the  crown  is  now  worse  ;  and  such  is  the  tenacity  with  which  the  members  of  the  Ribbon  Society  hold  by  one  another,  that  there  is  now  no  likelihood  of  other  witnesses  supplying  this  man's  place.  In  short,  we  may  calculate  upon  an  early  general  goal  delivery  of  all  the  ribbonmen  in  custody  against  whom  the  informer  Farrell  was  a  chief  witness.--.  Belfast  Mercury."
