text
"fuitire,  and  after  a  seven'  parties  were  discharged.  ROBBER'  was  charg  OVER  A  GAME  OF  DOMINOI  I.  with  st  If)::  71  Grantham,  ~e  Wright  keeps  a  beer  1  Geor  Gregory,  who  is  the  brother  of  a  pers  house  m  Medlock-street.  It  appeared  that  the  another  per  Son  were  drinking  and  playing  at  dominoes  the  afternoon  on  Monday,  at  the  house  in  question,  in  the  evening  they  were  joined  by  the  prosecutor  played  for  some  ale,  the  prosecutor  lost,  and  on  taking  out  of  his  pocket  a  quantity  of  money  to  pay  for  the  ale,  the  pri prisoner,  soner, prisoner,  as  alleged  by  the  prosecutor,  snatched  from  him  the  sum  of  £3  Bs.  On  being  apprehended,  £3  7s.  was  found  upon  the  prisoner.  Committed  to  the  Sessions.  ROBBERY  FROM  A  HOUSE.  —An  elderly  mai  Hamilton,  was  committed  to  take  his  trial  at  the  sess  for  stealing  four  shillings  and  sixpence  from  Mrs  flying  at  Lower  Chatham-street,  Chorlton-upon-  The  money  was  laid  on  a  table,  in  a  room,  and  the  who  fisiteil  the  house  under  the  pretence  of  inauirino•  about  lodgings,  picked  it  up  during  the  tempo/  mistress  of  the  how(  amed  John  .OUND  MEAT.--The  Town  Clerk  iinst  James  Greenwood,  Thomas  MI:  .  Carley  Medlock-  f)sence  of  the  erred  a  charge  possession,  unsound  meat.  Neither  of  the  persons  Char&amp;  edap edappearcd  pearcd edappearcd  ;  but  the  cases  having  been  proved,  they  were  fined  as  follows  :—Greenwood,  20s.  and  costs  ;  Martin,  40s.  and  costs,  and  Barker,  20s.  and  costs.  CORONERS'  INQUESTS.-Y  LIVERPOOI  ACCIDENT.  —An  inquest  was  held  yester(  _  Borough  Coroner,  on  the  body  of  Edward  Downes,  late  of  Liverpool.—Thcmias  Cooke  deposed  that  he  is  a  si  residing  at  12  Court,  Penrhyn-street,  and  was  acqi  with  the  deceased  for  the  last  three  years.  lie  res:  the  same  court.  Deceased  was  a  sawyer  by  trade,  and  56  Witness,  on  Satt---  1 STYLE=superscript  him,  at  Samuel  Dork(  ainted  led  in  years  of  a,  m  company  With  beer-house,in  the  same  street.  He  saw  deceased  go  out  to  the  bar  and  return  there  to  light  his  pipe,  and  in  coming  out  he  appeared  to  miss  the  step  at  the  door,  and  fell  backward  through  the  opening  to  the  cellar  stairs.  Witness  said  he  then  called  for  a  light,  and  found  deceased  lying  with  his  head  on  the  cellar  steps,  and  his  feet  on  the  stairs.  He  lifted  him  up,_and  carried  him  home;  and,  whilst  doing  so,  perceived  that  'blood  was  flowing  from  a  cut  in  the  back  of  his  head.—Dr.  Arnold's  Assistant  de deposed  posed deposed  that,  when  called  in,  he  bathed  sed's  temple:  wed  to  bed,  with  whiskey  and  water.  He  was  tl  where  be  died  in  about  fifteen  minutes.—Mary  Downes  wife  to  deceased,  was  also  examined.  She  said  that  Downes,  her  husband,  had  been  out  on  Saturday  night,  and  she  went  to  look  for  him,  and  found  him  in  Mr.  Dorke's  beer beerhouse,  house, beerhouse,  in  Penrhyn-strcet.  Ile  shortly  rose  up  to  come  away  with  her,  and  did  not  appear  at  the  time  to  be  very  tipsy,  yet  she  could  perceive  signs  of  drink  upon  him.  She  saw  him  fall  down  the  cellar  stairs,  as  described  by  the  other  witnesses,  and  issuit(  to  throw  him  down.  11e  was  taken  up,  carried  to  his  own  house,  a  surgeon  brought,  every  attention  paid  to  him,  but  he  died  about  11  o'clock  the  same  evening.  Deponent  was  so  frightened,  that  she  was  not  exactly  able  to  tell  the  time  deceased  died.  Accidental  DEATH  or  A  CHILD.—An  inquest  was  held  on  the  body  of  a  male  child,  unknown,  brought  to  the  Seacombe  slip,  in  a  steam  tug,  and  landed  at  the  slip.  James  Roberts,  an  officer,  deposed  that  the  child  appeared  about  two  years  old,  and  deponent  had  it  removed  to  the  dead  house.  Mr.  Geo.  Kemp,  surgeon,  deposed  that  he  had  made  a  post  mortent  examination  of  the  body,  and  found  that  the  child  had  died  from  congestion  of  the  lungs,  but  how  produced,  there  was  no  evidence  to  show.  DISCOVERY  Or  THE  BODY  OP  A  NEWLY-BORN  CHILD.—  An  inquest  was  held  on  the  body  of  a  new-born  female  child,  John  King,  a  boy,  deposed  that  he  lives  in  Duckinfield Duckinfieldstreet  street Duckinfieldstreet  ;  when  .  going  to  his  work  on  Monday  morning,  he  found  the  body  of  a  child,  wrapped  up  in  a  piece  of  white  cloth,  at  the  back  door  of  Mr.  Gibbons,  confectioner,  corner  of  Pomona-street.  He  called  a  policeman  who  took  it  away  to  the  dead  house.  The  constable  denos  surgeon,  swore  to  the  child  same  facts,  and  Mr.  Kemp,  being  still-born.  Verdict  accordh..,  SUDDEN  DEATH  IN  DALE-STREET.-  on  the  body  of  a  man  unknown.  Geoff  .uicer  075,  said,  that  while  on  duty  yesterday  morning,  at  a  quarter-past  nine  o'clock,  he  saw  a  man,  with  whose  person  he  was  not  acquainted,  leaning  against  a  parapet  in  Dale-street.  Upon  going  up  to  him,  he  found  he  could  not  speak.  He  removed  him  on  a  stretcher  to  the  Police-Office  in  High Highstreet,  street, Highstreet,  but  he  was  dead  when  deponent  got  there.  He  was  five  feet  four  inches  in  height,  dressed  in  an  old  black  cotton-velvet  coat,  and  vest  of  the  same  material.  Nothing,  it  appears  t  was  found  on  him  to  lead  Ur  his  identity.  A  verdict  of'  Died  fropi  natural  causes  was  returned.  in  inquest  was  - STYLE=superscript  held  ze  Field"
