text
",  Tli  mnas  every  day  trinother  and  him  s  One  day  Si  great  quarre  -  black  man  to  11  visaged  butler  anu  (pent,  but  he  kicks  the  c.  the  head  of  the  other.  call  him  step-moths  Methodist  he  solem;  father,  who  ri STYLE=superscript  3  ten  objectionai  He  next  runs-away'from  I  him  song  hundreds  of  mites  (rio  sligh  those  days),  and  aftei•  well  ;  aiThejs  t.reconciliation  (so  like  what  foolish  ail  le  in  raily  d.)  :  nor  even  when-he  gets  him  home,  one(  dludes  to  his  - STYLE=superscript  wayward  conduct  ever,  comes  over  him  for  the  better  !  Newcome  never  r  absence  after  his  return,  but  was:quit6  gc  with  him,  and  that  night  read  the  parr  allu~io  Son  iu  - STYLE=superscript  a  - STYLE=superscript  i'cry  low  - STYLE=superscript  and  iiitiet  voice.  This  hoWever  Was  of  temporary  truce.  War  very  soon  broke  out  again  bctwc  the  impetuous  lad  and  his  rigid  domineering  motlier-in-la  It  was  not  that  he  was  very  bad,  or  she  perhaps  more  stc  than  other  ham',  but  the  two  could  not  agree.  •  The  b  sulked  and  Was  miserable  at  home.:  fell  to  drink;  with  th  rooms  in  th  Stables  „  .  races,  and  was  discovered  of  Iltfulliebrew  cony(  Mrs.  I'ewc  state  carriage,  wits  ds:  male  •  and  accompanied  by  all  John,  the  black  man,  was  bidden  to  descend  from  rive  and  bring  him  to  Mr.  Newcombe,  He  came;  was  thick  with  chink.  He  laughed  wildly  :  he  tizht  at  which  lie  had  been  present  :  it  was  not  pol  siieh  a  castaway  as  thigslimpacontie  little  cherubs  were  growing  up  11.  fommy  had  a  great  .desire  to  try  45rinc's  history,  containing  th  Clive  .and  Lawrence,.  having  .in  hero  with  notions  of  grcatn  aciuu,slY!)  civil  appointment  there,  he  at  once  scouts  thi  and  Will  not  accept  aughtunder  a  uniform.  A  (  cadetship  at  length.  is  procured-and  .  his  rS  ified  him  for  Military  glory,  placed  -with  a  milithi  young  men  for  the  army  Blackheath,  on  the  Woolwich  Chevalier  de  Blois,  from  Whom  MaSter  prefers  taking  _French:  lessons.  His  'misfortunes  again  commence  here;  for,.  instead  •of  himself  for  his  military  apia  love  with  the  French  refugee  dPavoni's  to  keep  his  passion  a  the  old  aristocrat  feels  repliesto  the  Clapham  - STYLE=superscript  ti•p:s  that  Torn  should  y  a  Papi  comes  of  race  not  accustorned  to  persons  of  your  On  man  whose  ancestors  Mr.  Newcome'S  were  blau,—  moiselle  is  at  length  compelled  bean,  M.  de  Florae;  After  Tseverai  years,  .  Leonore  had  attained  to  a  position  of  celebrity  France,  her  husband  having  rega;-  's  for forrank,  rank, forrank,  she  writes  to  Thomas,  now  a  da  in  India.,  the  following  elcgar  -cor  tenderness  of  sentimen  xere  dukes  and  peel  Didier  St.  Do  separated  train  the  cl  )f  my  youth,  I  carried  from  14r  alw  . STYLE=superscript  ays  a  lively  nt.  inimitable  epi  .t  not.  to  b(  me  in  a  tiMition  very  different  from  ti  you.  I  have  be:7-  band  has  recovered  Revolution  for"
