text
"Right  Regarding  war,  then,  as  an  unavoidable  and  necessary  evil,  would  it  not  be  well  worthy  of  those  who  have  so  just  an  appreciation  of  its  horrors,  and  of  the  blessings  of  peace,  to  direct  their  labours  to  the  feasible  object  of  rendering  warfare  (if  warfare  there  must  be)  more  consistent  with  the  spirit  of  the  present  age  than  is  compati compatible  ble compatible  with  the  system,  of  privateering?  Of  the  most  terrible  incidents  that  system  has  been  the  author  —because  men  so  engaged  in  the  service  •o:  foreign  Powers  are  reckless  adventurers,  disre  gardful  of  life,  and  thirsting  only  for  gain.  There  are  many  other  concomitant  evils  ;  and  to  one  of  these,  as  especially  interesting  to  a  seaport  town,  we  would  refer.  Should  the  Government  of  the  United  States  sanction  by  silence,  or  rather  not  put  down,  as  far  as  they  are  concerned,.  the  system  of  letters  of  marque,  it  is  likely  that  the  Russian  privateers  may  find  unscrupulous  adventurers  even  among  our  own  sailors  ?  Who  is  to  distinguish,  in  the  case  of  capture,  between  the  Englishman  and  the  American  ?  A  circumstance  recurs  to  our  memory,  which  may  suffice  to  eluci elucidate  date elucidate  our  meaning.  Prior  to  the  close  of  the  American  War,  in  1813,  the  American  frigate,  Essex,  was  captured  by  the  Phoebe,  under  the  com command  mand command  of  Captain,  afterwards  Admiral  Sir  JiMES  HILYAR.  On  board  the  EsSex  were  found  a  number  of  sailors,  suspected  to  be  British  subjects.  In  order  to  save  these  poor  wretches  from  the  certain  fate  which  would  have  awaited  them,  had  they  been  brought  home,  Captain,  HILYAR,  with  perhaps  queStionable  policy,  but  no  questionable  humanity;  allowed  them  •  an  oppor opportunity  tunity opportunity  of  escaping,  of  which  they  all  availed  themselves,  into  the  interior  of  one  of  the  Sandwich  Islands,  himself  narrowly  escdping  a  .  -  .  court-martial  in  consequence.  Now,  we  would  ask,  is  it  not  probable,  should  Ameriea  'sanction  or  permit  the  engagement  of  her  citizens  in  Russian  Privateers,  that  some  of  the  more  reckless  and  un unprincipled  principled unprincipled  British  sailors  would  scarcely  be  de deterred  terred deterred  from  a  like  course  by  any  patriotic  feelings  ?.  Surely  there  are  considerations  involved  in  the  question  before  us,  which  merit  the  earnest  attention  of  all  who  would  do  away  with,  or  mitigate,  the  horrors  of  war.  That  the  eventual  result  of  a  contest  with  Rus Russia  sia Russia  would  in  any  degree  depend  on  such  auxilia auxiliaries,  ries, auxiliaries,  as  letters  of  marque,  manned  even  by  Ameri Americans,  cans, Americans,  or  renegade  Englishmen,  we  do  not  -  believe.  Justice,  in  our  own  and  the  French  fleets,  has  strong  allies  on  her  side.  IF  we  would  know  the  prospects  o  f  a  h  ouse  o  f  hmlncoc,,,  W  chrm  Irl  cal-cw  its  eUstonis,  nnrl  learn  their  ability  to  purchase  and  pay:  So,  if  we  would  foreshadow  the  future  prospects  of  Northern  England,  we  must  enquire  into  the  circumstances  of  its  foreign  customers;  but  one  of  those  customers  •  can  be  looked  after  in  a  short  article;  hence  we  s&amp;  lect  BROTHER  JOHNATHAN  for  this,  leaving  the  British  Colonies,  South  America,  China,  &amp;c.  &amp;c,  for  future  consideration.  Will:this  customer  increase  in  his  purchases,  and  be  good  pay?---are  the  questions  interesting  us.  Several  years  ago  some  of  the  States  repudiated,  as  it  - STYLE=superscript  was  called,  and  it  was  thought  by  many  in  this  country,  that  the  Republic  was  a  doubtful  customer.  SYDNEY  )ICfiTII,  with  his  powerful  and  characteristic  pen,  contribu contributed  ted contributed  to  this  suspicion  ;  and,  infhien  - STYLE=superscript  ced  by  his  own  rea reasoning,  soning, reasoning,  he  sold  out  his  Pennsylvanian  stocks  at  a  ruinous  discount  ;  this  was  the  folly  of  an  eccentric  mind;  for  these  of  us  who  knew  much  more  about  the  'country,  could  have  told  him,  that  it  was  utterly  impossible  that  Brother  Jonathan  could  become  irredeemably  bankrupt.  The  eternal  laws  of  nature  are  guarantees  of  his  ultimate  solvency.  Look  at  his  lands-303,078,970  acres,  worth  at  this  moment  1,200,000,000  pounds  sterling  !  think  of  the  capabi capabilities  lities capabilities  of  that  soil  to  produce  vast  quantities  of  grain,  3,500,000  bales  of  Cotton,  200,000,0001b5.  of  Tobacco  -  yearly—to  sustain  billions  of  cattle,  sheep,  horses  and  pigs.  Add  to  these  the  mineral  wealth  in  iron,  gold,  lead,  copper,  Sze.,  and  it  may  be  safely  calculated,  that  the  actual  value  of  the  United  States,  and  Territories  in  real  and  personal  property,  is  3,500,000,000  pounds  sterling.  Now  this  is  not  so  bad  a  customer  after  all,  unless  he  be  hopeleSsly  in  debt.  The.  United  States,  nationally,  owe  but  a  very  trifling  sum  of  money;  but  several  of  the  States,  individually,  on  their  separate  account,  have  borrowed  pretty  freely  of  the  English  capitalist,  for  the  construction  of  their  canals  and  railways.  The  sum  total,  however  of  these  debts,  is.less  than  one  thousandth  part  of  the  value  of  the  national  property,  showing  a  large  balance-sheet  of  assets  above  the  debts.  So  much  for  material  means:  Next  we  must  look  into  the  state  of  civilization  in  that  Country,  for  men's  wants  of  manufactured  goods  are  very  much  in  proportion-to  their  civiliza civilization.  tion. civilization.  The  outward  symbols  of  eivilization  in  a  country,  without  prying  into  the  habitudes  of  particular  families  and  individuals,  are  ,  their  schools  and  churches.  JONATHAN  has  100,000'  seminaries-of  learning;  170,000  teachers;  4,300,000  pupils  ;  and  he  expends  £20,000,000  yearly  in  he  cause  of  education.  The  source  from  whence  this  money  is  principally  derived,  is  the  land  appropriated  to  the  cause  of  education.  The  Pilgrim  Fathers  were  too  wise  to  leave  this  cause  to  the  contingency  of  fluctuating  goods  and  chattels;  so  they  planted  the  schools  in  the  soil  itself.  Tbis  has  been  imitated  throughout  the  New  and  West  ern  States.  The  chitrehes  and  other  edifices  for  public  worship  number  37,000,valuedat  X  21,000,000,  and  capable  of  holding  14,000,000  persons.  As  to  the  habitudes  of  the  people,  all  Western  tra travellers  vellers travellers  will  agree  with  us  in  saying,  that  the  Ame Americans  ricans Americans  as  a  whole,  are,  nevertheless,  profuse  and  luxurious  in  their  style  of  living;  and  hende  are  :ood  customers  for  manufacturers  and  tradesmen.  But  we  must  hasten  to  contemplate  the  .future  prospects  of  this  customer.  The  country  is  capable  of  sustaining  200,000,000  inhabitants,  and  then  not  be  nearly  so  populous  as  portions  of  Europe..  Its  annual  increase  of  population  at  the  present  time  is  3  per  cent.  ;  and  within  the  last  half  century  it  has  increased  337  per  cent.  Well,  if  the  preient  population  of  26,000,000  (together  with  other  cus-  tomers)  draws  from  the  port  of  Liverpool  such  an  immense  quantity  of  goods,  that  the  mills  in  the.  manufacturing  districts  cannot  supply  the  demand  what  . STYLE=superscript  will  be  ilie'inerea:se  of  Oiders  wlien  the  Union  shall  number  its  100,000,000?  BIAd  this  leads  us  to  the  interesting  inquiry—  THE  -NORTHER  will  this:American  custom  increase  proportiona  with  her  growing  population  ?  SoMe  assume  the  negative  of  this,  and  had  '  sense,  they  had  been  right  in  the  a  as  things  now  are,  we  assume  the  affit  pursua  their  cheapest  market  for  their  manufacture  so  long  as  the  price  of  labour  in  the  ble  the  English  rate,  just  so  long  wil  Americ  ,o  lona  for.  a  (  le  coals,  the  while  it  1'  North  7CtAL  lay  Eveni"
