text
"th  A  fi  llecer  eventwii  i-preted.  by  tau  The  . STYLE=superscript  German  „,  Jotrhziil  states'  that  Baron  Seebach's  Mission  to  St.  Petersburg  is  the  result  of  an  arrangement  between  the  court  of  Munich  and  Saxony.  An  evasive  Russian  reply  to  the  offer  of  peace  now  made  - STYLE=superscript  would,  it  is  remarked,  only  be  likely  to  touch  the  Western  Powers,  but  it  'would  seriously  affect  Austria,  who  is  the  m  over  in  this  negociation,  and  perhaps  compel  her  to  measures  which  would  ,introduce  great  coldness  into  her  relations  with  Russia.  It  is  to  prevent  this,  says  the  Frankfort  Journal,  that  M.  de  Seebach  has  been  sent  to  St.  Petersburg.  ---.0.  SWEDEN  AND  NORWAY,  The  Naremburg  Correspondent  publishes  the  following.:-We  learn  from,  a.  good  source  that  besides  the  treaty  of  November  the  21st,  there  are  , STYLE=superscript  in  existence  special  conventions  between  the  Western  Pewers  and  Sweden.  acts  were  pre  . STYLE=superscript  -  pared  during  the  stay  of  General  Canrobert  at  Stockholin.  They  remain  still  to  be  ratified,  and  will  not  be  published  unless  hostilities  'against  Russia  should  continue  in  the  spring.  These  conventions  will  place  Sweden  in  an  entirely  new  attitude  to  Russia,  and  will  have  for  their  effect  rmuch  more  than  those  to  concede  depots  and  stations  to  the  Allied  Fleets.  ---•---  THE  FRENCH  FUNDS,  PARIS,  THURSDAY  EVENING  The  Funds  closed  to-day  as  follows  :—Four  and  a  Half  per  Cents,  Oif.  75e.  ;  Three  per  Cents,  Of.  The  people.of  Monaghan  have  memorialised  the  general  commanding  the  forces.  in  Ireland  for  a  military  force,to  be  stationed  in  the  county,  and  to  have  the  necessary,  barrack  accommodation  provided.  it  appears  that  there  no  military  station  in  any  part  of  the  county.  NAVAL  VETERANS.—The  following  nag.  officers.  during  thd  past  month  reached  the  following  ages  :—Slr  Graham  Hammond,  77;  Earl  of  Dundonald,  80  ;  John  White,  79  ;  W.  H.  Waolett;  82  ;  '  Sir  J.  W.  Dean  Dundas,  70  ;  'J.  F.  Mainwariug,  72;  Abel  Ferris,  79.—P/yrzwitth  Letters  from  Riga,  of  the  27th  of  December,  state  that  a  number  of  vessels  were  loading  'at  that  port  for  the  East  Sea,  with  hemp,  cora;  - STYLE=superscript  and  linseed  for  sowing  activity  of  the  overland  trade  through  exchange  to  be,  steadily  maintained  Prussia  caused  thi"
