text
"ftletfiterrantan.  •  STEAM  TO  SICILY  AND  *vv.  *  4-  TRIESTE.  •  IRI,  I  -IX  The  undemoted  Screw  Steam-ships  will  - STYLE=superscript  sail  once  a  month  until  further  notice,  (the  extended  service  being  twice  a  month,  when  the  ships  now  building  arc  completed).  FOR  TRIESTE.  DANUBE  EUPHRATES  RHONE  TIGRIS  AMIAZON.  The  DANIIBEris  intended  to  sail  on  the  15th  October,  receiving  no  goods  after  midnight  of  the  14th.  The  RHONE  will  sail  on  the  15th  November.  For  terms  of  Passage,  &amp;c.,  apply  to  JOHN  BIBBY,  SON  &amp;  CO.,  4,  Tower  Chambers.  STEAM  COMMUNICATION  *•  BETWEEN  It  -•  LIVERPOOL  &amp;  ANTWERP.  Next  summer,  as  soon  as  the  Screw  Steam-ships  now  build building  ing building  for  the  Atlantic  are  completed,  a  regular  STEAM  C  OMMUNI  CA  T  lON  will  be  established  by  first-class  Steamers,  between  LIVERPOOL  and  ANTWERP.  Goods  will  be  received  by  these  Steamers  at  Antwerp  for  transhipment  at  Liverpool  by  the  steam-ships  to  the  States  ;  and  the  transhipment  at  Liverpool  (as  in  the  Com Company's  pany's Company's  trade  between  Havre  and  Liverpool)  will  be  free  of  expense  to  the  goods.  It  is  not  r  intended  by  the  establishment  of  this  line  to  cur curtail,  tail, curtail,  in  any  way,  the  facilities  already  possessed  by  the  French,  German,  and  Belgium  shippers  of  merchandise  to  America  from  Havre,  via  Liverpool,  but  as  additional  means  for  the  expedition  of  their  goods.  BURNS  &amp;  MACIVER,  Liverpool,  October  6,  1853  1,  Rumford-street  SHIP  LAUNCH.-  —On  Monday  last  a  magnificent  clipper-ship,  named  the  Crest  of  the  Wave,  was  launched  from  the  yard  of  Mr.  William  Pile,  North-sand,  Monkwear Monkwearmouth,  mouth, Monkwearmouth,  for  Messrs.  Brice,  Friend,  and  Co.,  of  Liverpool,  by  .  whom  she  is  intended  for  the  Australian  and  China  trades.  She  is  classed  A  1  at  Lloyd's  for  thirteen  years.  •  Her  ex extreme  treme extreme  length  is  200  feet,  breadth  32  feet,  and  depth  of  hold  20  feet;  tonnage  800  N.M.  925  O.IK.  Her  model  is  quite  original,  and  she  is  fully  expected  to  equal,  if  not  excel,  in  sailing  qualities  any  American  or  English  clipper-ship  afloat.  She  is  timbered  with  E  n  glish  oak,  planked  with  East  India  teak,  and  is  thoroughly  copper-fastened  throughout.  Her  height  between-decks  is  seven  feet,  and  her  timbers  are'ven are'ventilated  tilated are'ventilated  by  fifty-eight  air  ports.  The  lower  deck.  is  intended  to  be  fitted  up  in  a  commodious  style  for  passengers,  'and  is  thoroughly  ventilated.  She  has  a  full  poop  and  topgallant  forecastle.  The  front  of  the  poop  is  of  polished  teak,  finished  with  a  moulded  arch,  beneath  which  are  ten  win windows  dows windows  of  plate  glass.  Its  length  is  65  feet,  and  there  are  double  berths  arranged  on  each  side  of  the  saloon,  each  berth  being  flit  feet  in  length,  and  71  in  breadth.  The  sa saloon  loon saloon  is  spacious,  and  there  arc  eight  pannels  on  each  side  of  it,  on  which  are  very  beautifiul  marine  paintings  by  Mr.  Poulson,  one  of  which  is  a  likeness  of  the  Crest  of  the  Wave.  The  splendid  mirrors  and  other  ornaments  give  the  saloon  the  appearance  of  a  handsome  drawing-room.  There  are  also  two  large  after-cabins,  and  between,  them  are  plunge  and  shower  baths,  to  supply  which  with  water  is  a  finely  ornamented  cistern.  The  exterior  of  the  ship  is  also  well  worthy  of  attention.  Her  figure-head  is  a  scroll  supported  by  two  tritons,  in  the  front  of  which  is  a  shield,  emblazoned  with  a  mythological  representation  of  the  Crest  Isf  the  Wave.  On  the  stern  are  the  arms  of  the  lowa  of  Liverpool,  executed  by  Mr.  Lindsay.  .She  is  com commanded  manded commanded  by  Captain  John  Steele,  who  has  an  interest  in  the  ship,  and  who  is  well  known  as  one  of  the  most  respected  and  talented  shipmasters  out  of  Liverpool.  The  launch  was  wit witnessed  nessed witnessed  by  an  immense  number  of  people,  and  the  vessel  re received  ceived received  her  name  from  the  lady  of  Captain  Steele.—Sunder Steele.—Sunderland  land Steele.—Sunderland  Times.  •  •  FRIDAY,  OCTOBER  14,  1853  WE  know  not  which  is  deserving  of  most  honor,  the  flattering  addresses  presented  to  the  CHAN CHANCELLOR  CELLOR CHANCELLOR  OF  THE  EXCHEQUER,  by  the  Mayor  and  Corporation  of  Manchester,  or  the  eloquent  and  earnest  speeches  by  which  Mr.  GLADSTONE  returned  the  high  and  well-merited  encomiums  bestowed  on  himself.  It  is,  really,  a  matter  of  thankfulness  at  this  peculiar  crisis  of  European  affairs,  to  see  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  coming  so  prominently  forward  to  pro pronounce  nounce pronounce  an  unanimous  vote  of  confidence;  not  alone  in  one  distinguished  member  of  our  Ad Administration,  ministration, Administration,  but  in  the  entire  ministry  of  the  Country.  Mr.  GLADSTONE'S  speech  is,  as  a  whole,  deserving  of  high  eulogium.  It  is  characterized— characterizednot  not characterizednot  by  a  narrow,  Conservative,  thread-bare,  party  policy,  but  by  a  fine,  comprehensive  and  progres progressive  sive progressive  spirit,  so  consonant  with  advanced  opinion  and  the  genius  and  civilization  of  the  age.  The  CHANCELLOR  of  the  EXCHEQUER  never,  perhaps,  made  a  happier  Never  a  more  op opportune  portune opportune  oration.  Not  Manchester  alone,  but  Great  Britain  looked  forward  with  no  slight  degree  of  ex expectancy  pectancy expectancy  to  the  result  of  Mr.  GLADSTONE'S  late  visit.  We  conjecture  that  the  issue  has  proved  most  satisfactory.  Of  course  universally  acceptable  it  could  not  be—for  the  liberal  sentiments  therein  avowed,  and  the  noble  principles  therein  advocated,  would  be,  indeed,  irreconcileable  with  party  poli politics  tics politics  in  narrow  quarters.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  spoke  to  the  country;  and  to  the  country  we  look  to  pro pronounce  nounce pronounce  its  appreciation  of  his  services,  and  its  approval  of  his  assertions.  The  union  of  parties  in  this  country—or  rather  the  decay  of  party  spirit—is  every  day  becoming  more  manifest.  According  to  the  testimony  of  the  Right  Honourable  Gentleman,  even  the  House  of  Commons  is  not  exempt  from  this  beneficial  change.  He  speaks  of  harsh  differences  being  softened—of  adveise  opinions  being  reconciled—of  conflicting  political  creeds  thinking  more  charitably  of  each  other—and  of  the  space  which  divides  one  side  of  the  British  Senate-  from  the  other,  approximating  nearer  and  more  near.  And  more  than  all,  he  speaks  of  the  Government  of  this  country  as  being  uninfluenced  by  party  spirit,  and  as  relying,  in  an  unusual  degree,  on  the  public  confidence  and  support,—and  that  whilst  other  countries  are  getting,  as  it  were,  into  a  state  of  decadency,  ours  is  advancing  with  rapid  strides  towards  the  goal  of  a  higher  civilization,  and  a  wider  political  or organization.  ganization. organization.  But,  perhaps,  at  this  moment  the  most  interest interesting  ing interesting  and  important  part  of  Mr.  GLADSTONE'S  address  is  that  which  has  immediate  bearing  upon  that  knotty  question,  which  diplomacy,  as  yet,  have  failed  to  unravel.  We  allude  to  the  unhappy  Russo-Turkish  dispute—a  subject  which  most  European  nations  view  with  anxiety,  and  upon  which  every  eye  is  tremblingly  fixed.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  enters  into  a  full  statement  of  the  merits  of  the  case—justifies  on  the  most  humane,  honourable,  and  Christian  grounds,  the  tardy  steps  taken  by  the  British  Cabinet  to  bring  about,  in  conjunction  with  other  Powers,  an  ami amicable  cable amicable  and  bloodless  settlement  of  this  vexed  dis:  ruption.  Still  he  fails  not  to  afford  the  most  positive  assurance,  that  the  English  Government,  although  adverse  to  war,.  will  nevertheless  at  whatdVer  oppose  that  grasping  cupidity  which,  by  means  of  brute  force,  would  endeavour  to  absorb  the  Ottoman  Empire  within  its  own  jurisdiction.  This  language,  viewed  in  connection  with  the  late  decision  of  the  Cabinet  Ministers,  will  unquestionably  have  a  beneficial  tendency.  Those  that  hitherto  have  viewed  the  Government  with  distrust,  on  the  score  of  playing  into  the  hands  of  Russia,  will  now  regard  it  with  confi confidence.  dence. confidence.  They  will  perceive  the  wisdom  of  its  pro protracted  tracted protracted  negotiations—and  honor  it  for  its  forbear forbearance,  ance, forbearance,  in  not  prematurely  resorting  to  the  majesty  of  its  .strength  to  crush  a  despotic  _:Ustnper  by  the  fearful  alternative  of  a  precipitant  and  bloody  war.  We  congratulate  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer  upon  the  honourable  Address  presented  to  him  by  the  civic  authorities  of  Manchester;  and  upon  the  elegant  and  eloquent  manner  in  which  he  recipro reciprocated  cated reciprocated  their  avowed  assurance  of  esteem  and  confi confidence.  dence. confidence.  We  believe  that  the  demonstration  which  Manchester  has  just  exhibited,  may  be  regarded  as  representing  the  mind  of  the  country  ;  and  we  have  no  doubt  but  that  Mr.  GLADSTONE  will,  by  his  timely  policy,  eminent  talents,  and  untiring  zeal  for  the  popular  welfare,  continue  high  in  public  confidence  and  public  estimation.  -:•  ••  _  is  This  is  an  universally  admitted  axiom.  Such  being  the  case  one  would  think  it  the  interest  and  policy  of  every  wise  go government  vernment government  to  promote,  'to  the  utmost.  extent,  its  healthy  dissemination  ;  certainly  neither  to  cripple  .  or  neutralise  its  efficacy.  That  foreign  govern governments;  ments; governments;  in  some  instaikees,,  act  upon  an  opposite  course  of  policy  is  sufficiently  notorious,  and  is  also  easily  accounted  for.  In  fact,  they  feel  that  their  safety  and  stability  .are  involved  in  the  course  they  prosecute  ;  and  that  .  any  divergency  from  the  beaten  track  would  be  hazardous  in  the  extreme— extremeas,  as, extremeas,  doubtless,  it  would.  Despotism,  like  darkness,  is  invariably  opposed  to  the  light.  It  dare  not  suffer  the  unrestricted  development  of  intelligence,  or  an  unfettered  Press  to  obtain  amongst  a  people.  If  it  did,  the  death-knell  of  its  authority  would  be  iminediately  and  finally  tolled,  and  its  foundation  swept  clean  from  under  it  the  baseless  fabric  of  a  vision  Leaving  not  a  wreck  Hence,  in  several  continental  countries,  the  press  is  gagged.  There  exists,  in  consequence,  no  such  thing  as  an  enlightened  public  opinion;  and  the  unhappy  Wight  who  would  be  fool-hardy  enough  .  to  publish  an  iota  in  opposition  to  despotic  rule— rulepoint  point rulepoint  out  an  abuse—or  propound  a  remedy  for  any  existing  evil—would  do  so  at  the  entire  risk,  not  only  of  his  worldly  effects,  but  of  his  personal  liberty.  In  Italy,  at  the  present  day,  according  to  Mr.  WHITESIDE,  one  cannot  get  a  bill  printed,  even  were  it  but  to  recover  a  lost  dog,  without  the  manuscript  being  first  of  all  submitted  to  the  espionnage  and  obtaining  the  imprimatur  of  the  authorized  serutators.  Such  is  the  miserable  expedient  adopted;  in  'order  to  uphold  tottering  thrones  and  rotten  dynasties.  But  the  remedy  is  quite  as  bad  as  the  disease.  Destruction  may,  indeed,  be  successfully  retarded  for  a  time,  but  the  issue  is  no  less  inevitable  and  irremediable  —  all  the  more  imminent,  perhaps,  from  the  unhealthy  torpor  that  prevails,  and  which  resembles—  The  torrent's  calmness  ere  its  dash  What  safety,  indeed,  can  a  Government  possess  in  an  ignorant,  sottish,  and  brutalized  people  ?  Their  capacity  for  mischief,  may,  to  a  certain  extent,  be  destroyed,  as  long  as  they  are  ruled  with  a  rod  of  iron.  But  the  leaven  is  there,  and  the  smouldering  embers  are  there,  which,  if  once  stirred  up  and  ignited,  would  be  terrible  to  behold  !  An  ignorant  people  can  never  constitute  the  safety  or  stability  of  any  government  ;  for  ignorance  is  the  converse  of  knowledge.  _  The  one  is  weakness—the  other,  strength.  It  may  be  relied  on  as  an  axiomatic  truth,  that  the  degree  of  intelligence  which  prevails  in  a  na nation  tion nation  is  the  barometer  of  its  condition.  Whatever  we  may  be  sceptical  upon,  we  cannot  be  sceptical  upon  this.  We  have  only  to  run  our  eye  over  the  map.  of  Europe,  and  observe  those  countries  where  education  extends,  and  where  the  blessing  of  a  free  Press  prevails,  and  contrast  them  with  others,  where  both  are  denied,  to  become  certified  of  the  fact.  In  the  one  case,  we  discover  commercial  prosperity—all  the  appliances  which  science  can  bring  to  bear  furthering  human  progress—the  arts  cultivated—schools  and  universities  established  —elegant  luxuries  and  refinements—amoral  people,  happy  and  contented—and  a  government  not  so  much  ruling  as  being  ruled..  In  the  other  case,  we  observe  national  bankruptcy—ruined  traders— tradersa  a tradersa  people  wallowing  - STYLE=superscript  in  filth,  poverty,  and  disease— diseasestunted  stunted diseasestunted  in  intellect—demoralised  in  habit,  without  hope,  and  without  happiness—no  railroads—no  science—no  refinement—nothing  that  could  make  a  people  great.,--with  tyrants  and  despots,  dressed  in  a  little  brief  •  certain  of,  one  day's  tenure  of  their  thrones  !  In  the  One  instance,  we  find  all  the  elements  of  a  nation's  growth  and  greatness.  In  the  other,  all  that  constitutes  a  nation's  present  degradation,  bespeaks  its  future  fall.  Perhaps  there  is  no  country  in  the  world  where  the  Press  is  so  unfettered  ;  or  where  the  paramount  importance  of  education  is  more  acknowledged  by  the  governing  classes,  as  our  own;  and  yet,  strange  irreconcilability  !  where  knowledge  is  more  heavily  taxed.  We  are  well  aware  that  our  GOvernment,  by  this  unjust  and  impolitic  impost,  have  no  desire  either  to  cramp  the  Press  of  the  country,  or  to•  place  a  barrier  in  the  way  of  the  natural  growth  of  intelligence.  Quite  the  contrary.  Its  object  merely  is  to  increase  the  national  revenue.  Still,  this  is  a  most  unjustifiable  plea.  Put  a  tax  upon  every everything,  thing, everything,  nay,  double  it,  if  need.  be;  but  in  Heaven's  name  !  let  knowledge  at  least  be  permitted  to  pass  the  Excise.  Whatever  is  calculated  to  make  loyal  subjects,  noble  citizens,  wise  and  good  men,  let  that  at  least  be  unrestricted;  and.  suffer  not  the  guager's  finger  to  pollute-it  !  We  rejoice  to  find  that  our  Ministers  have  made  in  adVance  in  the  right  direction  towards  the  removal  of  such  iniquitous  restrictions  ;  and  that  as  they  have  already  suffered  the  light  of  Heaven  to  enter  mens'  habitations,  so,  in  like  manner,  will  they  allow  it  to  penetrate  their  minds.  The  duty  has  been  taken  off  that  article  which  is  necessary  to  the  sanitary  condition  of  the  body----why  should  it  be  suffered  to  tarry  on  that  which  is  essential  to  the  purification  of  the  mind  ?  The  advertisement  duty  has  been  abolished.  Why  no  tthe  tax  on  *p  ap  e  r,an  d  the  n  ewspaP  er  penny-  stamp?  It  is  much  easier-  to  unfetter  knowledge  than  build  prison's  and  maintain  paupers  ;  even.  did  no  tangi  ble  benefit  accrue  thereby  to  the  revenue.  But  we  .  maintain  that  such  a  step  would  amply  enhance enhancethe  the enhancethe  revenue  of  the  country  ;  just  as  the  change  in  our  postal  arrangements  have  been  proved  to  do.  Still  this  is  low—very  low  ground  to  stand  upon,  and  one  which  we  consider  unworthy,  quite,  of  our  enlightened  .  administration.  If,  according  to  MILTON  people  can  neither  be  virtuous  or  reli religious  gious religious  without  the  means  of  then  what  fearful  responsibility  that  government  incurs  which  in  the  least  obstructs  or  places  impediments  in  the  way  of  its  progress.  Let  us  hope  'that  during  the  forthcoming  session  of  Parliament  these  unjust  restrictions  will  be  abolished—never  again  to  dis disgrace  grace disgrace  our  statute-book—that  a  pure  fountain  of  knowledge  may  thus  be  opened  up,  and  made  to  flow  throughout  all  .  the  ramifications  of  society— societyfilling  filling societyfilling  with  wisdom  and  with  light  the  darkened  understanding—causing  information  to.  circulate  where  ignorance  now  holds  her  carnival—and  bringing  her  stores  . STYLE=superscript  of  blessing  within  the  compass  of  the  poorest  man's  pocket—so  that  who  runs  may'  road"
