text
"EMIGRANTS  TO  AUSTRALIA.  T  0  be  SOLD  CHEAP,  an  excellent  Outfit  and  Extra  Provisions,  purchased  by  a  person  about  emi emigrating  grating emigrating  to  Australia,  but  compelled  through  sickness  to  remain  in  England.  The  invoice  price  is  £l3  12,  but  they  will  be  sold  for  £Blos.  See  Reference  List  at  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  Office.  FOR  SALE,  a  few  Half  Barrels  sugar-preserved  CANADIAN  OX  TONGUES,  eontaining  21  doz.  each.  Apply  to  FORBES  Enos.,  25  South  John-street.  gpaitis  34  fturtiow  TO  AMATEURS  OF  MODERN  ART.  AIR.  R.  WINSTANLEY  announce  H  that  in  a  few  days  he  will  have  ON  VIEW,  for  Private  Sale,  at  his  Gallery,  14,  Basnett-street,  a  SELECTION  of  the  PRODUCTIONS  of  the  PRESENT  SCHOOL  of  ART  in  FRANCE.  November  25.  GENERAL  SALE  of  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE  and  other  effects—Basnett-street  Salerooms.  Alp.  R.  WINSTANLEY  will  SELL  by  AUG-.  TION,  on  Friday  next,  the  2nd  December,  a  general  assortment  of  HOUSEHOLD  REQUISITES  and  miscel miscellaneous  laneous miscellaneous  effects  consigned  for  sale.  N.B.—All  good  s  t  o  -  b  e  i  nc  l  u  d  e  d  i  n  th  e  presen  t  sa  l  e  t  o  be  sent  in  before  Wednesday  morning,  the  30th  instant.  By  Mr.  BRANCH,  To-Molutow  (Tuesday)  the  29th  instant,  and  three  following  days,  at  Eleven  o'clock  each  day,  at  the  Hanover-rooms,  THE  valuable  HOUSEHOLD  FURNITURE  of  a  gentleman  removing,  fifteen  dozen  very  old  port  wine,  bottled  by  Winstanley,  of  Henry-street,  in  1838,  eight  dozen  superior  sherry,  a  silver-plated  cornopean,  from  sixty  to  seventy  sets  and  pairs  of  rich  foreign  china  jars  and  vases,  and  several  large  sized  glass  vases,  from  the  great  exhibition,  set  of  richly-carved  Chinese  chessmen,  several  handsome  plated  articles,  nearly  as  good  as  new,  in  wine  coolers,  branch  candlesticks,  bottle  casters,  waiters,  table  forks  and  spoons,  grape  scissors,  four  dozen  of  patent  leather  skins,  ten  pieces  of  table  covering,  an  iron  bookcase,  sack  machine,  revolving  pistols,  &amp;c.,  shares  in  the  Lyceum  news-room  and  library,  cottage  piano-forte,  in  rosewood  case,  a  capital  rose rosewood  wood rosewood  bagatelle,table,  with  ivory  balls  of  large  size  in  excellent  condition,  London-built  garden  carriage  on  springs,  paint paintings,  ings, paintings,  engravings,  Worcester  china  dinner  and  dessert  service,  superb  French  china  dessert  service,  fifteen-day  ormolu  clock,  with  glass  shade,  sundry  ironmongery  and  hardware,  and  numerous  miscellaneous  effects,  removed  for  the  purpose  of  sale.  The  Furniture  includes  an  elegant  rosewood  centre  table,  on  pillar  and  claws,  a  rosewood  chiffonier,  with  plate  glass  back,  and  other  drawing-room  articles  ;  mahogany  furniture,  in  telescope  dining  tables,  pedestal  sideboard,  secretary,  100  and  card  tables,  wardrobes,  chairs,  sofas,  chiffoniers,  chests  of  drawers,  Brussels  and  Kidderminster  carpets,  a  superior  set  of  table  knives  ai:d  forks,  in  oak  case,  shower  bath,  four fourpost,  post, fourpost,  French,  camp,  and  iron  bedsteads,  with  mattresses,  feather  beds  and  various  bedding,  painted  chamber  requisites,  chimney  and  pier  glasses,  damask  window  curtains,  floor  and  lobby  cloths,  churn,  butter  scales,  eight-day  clocks,  time timepieces,  pieces, timepieces,  kitchen  and  culinary  utensils,  and  other  useful  family  effects.  To  be  viewed  This  Day  (Monday)  when  Catalogues  may  be  had  from  Mr.  Branch.  Also  a  quantity  of  genuine  German  Hosiery,  in  men's  and  children's  socks;  men's,  women's,  and  children's  stockings  ;  men's,  women's,  and  children's  gloves,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,  extending  to  about  100  lots  ;  63  lb.  stout  hair,  adapted  for  brush brushmakers.  makers. brushmakers."
