text
"POLICE  COURT.-YESTERDAY.  ASSAULT.—Joseph  Bartlett,  a  respectable-looking  man,  was  brought  up,  charged  with  having  threatened  to  take  the  life  of  Mr.  Ashton,  his  brother-in-law,  and  with  having  as assaulted  saulted assaulted  police-officer  292,  who  had  been  called  in  to  protect  Mr.  Ashton.  The  prosecutor  said—The  prisoner  lives  with  me,  and  I  keep  him  and  his  family,  and  he  comes  home  repeatedly  drunk  and  disorderly,  and  threatens  my  life,  and  drives  his  wife  out  into  the  street  in  her  night-dress,  with  a  little  child  in  her  arms.  His  violence  is  so  unrestrained,  and  his  conduct  and  language  so  shocking,  I  have  not  words  to  describe  it.  In  the  morning,  when  perfectly  sober,  he  threatened  he  would  have  my  blood,  and  I  gave  him  no  cause  of  offence  whatever.  In  the  evening  he  came  home  drunk,  rushed  into  the  parlour  with  a  poker,  and  I  ran  out  and  sought  the  protection  of  the  police.  -  Officer  292  stated  that  when  he  entered  the  house,  at  the  request  of  Mr.  Ashton,  the  prisoner  struck  him  with  the  poker,  and  cut  his  ear.  Mr.  Booth  :  How  comes  he  to  live  in  the  house  with  you  ?  Mr.  Ashton  :  Unfortunately  he  married  my  sister.  The  prisoner  denied  that  Mr.  Ashton  kept  him  and  his  family.  Some  12  months  ago  he  was  in  a  constant  situation,  which  he  left  to  join  Mr.  Ashton  in  business  ;  but  Mr.  Ash Ashton  ton Ashton  had  since  thrown  him  out,  and  of  course  he  was  then  dependent  on  him  ;  and  then  he  turned  round  and  said  he  ke  - STYLE=superscript  at  himself  and  his  family.  Mr.  Booth  :  What  do  you  say  to  your  violence  ?  The  Prisoner  :  I  am  very  sorry  for  it.  Mr.  Booth  :  I  am  afraid  you  are  a  very  violent  fellow.  You  must  enter  into  your  own  recognizances  in  £2O  and  find  two  sureties  in  £lO  each  to  keep  the  peace;  in  default  to  be  imprisoned  for  two  months.  STEALING  A  WATCH.—A  young  German  named  Kaspar  Warner,  who  had  surrendered  himself  to  the  police  on  a  charge  of  stealing  a  watch,  was  brought  up  in  custody.  It  appeared  the  prisoner  stole  the  watch  from  the  house  of  Mr.  Henry  Vesper,  Nash-street,  in  which  he  had  been  twice.  The  watch  was  not  missed,  and  nothing  was  known  of  the  robbery.  He  was  remanded  for  seven  days.  VIOLENT  ASSAULT.—john  Hart,  a  carter,  was  brought  HD  on  a  warrant,  charged  with  violently  assaulting  George  Price,  the  driver  of  a  timber  waggon.  It  appeared  that  a  few  days  since  Price  was  conveying  a  load  of  timber  to  the  yard  of  Mr.  M'Elroy,  shipwright,  &amp;c.,  and  the  passage  thereto  was  blocked  up  by  the  prisoner's  cart,  which  Price  and  his  assistant  removed.  The  prisoner  then  came  up  and  asked  Price  why  he  removed  the  cart,  at attempting  tempting attempting  at  the  same  time  to  take  his  whip  out  of  his  hand.  Price  remarked  if  he  assaulted  him  he  would  have  to  pay  for  it,  and  the  prisoner  then  struck  him  in  the  mouth  and  split  his  lip.  Price  had  to  go  to  the  hospital  and  get  it  sewed  up.  The  prisoner  in  his  defence,  said  Price  struck  at  :him  first  and  that  the  springs  of  his  cart  were  nearly  broken  by  the  way  in  which  it  had  been  removed.  A  fine  of  10s.  was  imposed,  and  in  default  of  payment  14  days'  imprisonment.  STEALING  A  TOY.—Mary  Cannolly,was  charged  with  having  stolen  a  wooden  horse,  from  the  shop  of  ;Madame  Le  800,  a  French  lady,  w  h  o  keeps  a  toy  est  a  bli  s  h  ment  i  n  Lime Limestreet.  street. Limestreet.  The  prisoner  went  into  the  shop,  and  asked  the  price  of  the  toy.  She  was  told  it  was  sixpence  -  she  offered  fourpence,  but  p  a  id  no  money,  and  quietly  walked  off  with  the  horse.  She  was  pursued,  and  given  into  custody.  The  prisoner  alleged  she  paid  a  boy  in  the  shop  ;  but  this  was  negatived,  and  she  was  sent  to  gaol  for  14  days.  DEFRAUDING  BY  A  SUOPMAN.  —Owen  Williams,  a  respectable  young  man,  about  24  years  of  age,  was  brought  up  in  custody  of  officer  Cooper,  charged  with  defrauding  his  master.  Mr.  Wm.  Henderson,  draper,  Church-street,  o  f  several  sums  of  money  ,  b  y  ma  ki  ng  out  false  accounts.  From  the  statement  of  Mr.  Henderson,  it  appeared  the  prisoner  brought  a  check  bill  to  his  desk,  together  with  2s.  6d.  The  bill  was  for  7-Id,  and  this  was  placed  on  the  file  on  the  desk,  in  the  usual  manner.  He  then  went  to  the  boy  who  was  there,  and  looked  at  the  parcel,  and  he  found  instead  of  a  quarter  of  a  yard  of  the  article  as  the  prisoner  had  stated  there  was  half  a  yard  of  a  more,  expensive  article,  •  and  which  came  to  ls.  7d.,  so  that  the  prisoner  had  put  ls.  in  his  pocket.  He  then  charged  him  with  being  dis dishonest,  honest, dishonest,  and  the  prisoner  confessed  he  had  taken  the  shilling.  A  similar  case  had  taken  place  a  few  hours  before.  Mrs.  Mudge  stated  she  was  a  customer  at  Mr.  Hender Henderson's,  son's, Henderson's,  and  that  on  the  previous  day  she  purchased  stockings  and  other  articles  to  the  amount  of  16s.  She  paid  a  sove sovereign  reign sovereign  and  the  prisoner  handed  her  as;change  4s.  back.  Mr.  Henderson  stated  that  the  bill  which  came  to  his  desk  in  this  instance  from  the  prisoner  was  for  13s.  6d.  only,  so  that  he  had  pocketed  2s.  6d.  by  that  transaction.  Mr.  Booth  :  Has  he  been  long  in  your  employ  ?  Mr.  Henderson  :  About  three  years.  Mr.  Booth  :  This  is  a  very  clear  case.  Mr.  Henderson  suspected  there  were  a  great  many  more  cases,  but  he  could  not  prove  them.  Mr.  Booth  :  This  is  a  very  serious  offence  indeed.  There  is  no  protection  for  shopkeepers  unless  in  the  honesty  of  their  assistants.  What  wages  had  he  ?  Mr.  Henderson  :  He  had  £4O  per  year,  and  there  were  perquisites  which  made  it  up  to  £5O,  and  he  lodged  in  the  house  in  addition.  Mr.  Booth  :  You  must  go  `for  trial  at  the  sessions.  - STYLE=superscript  str  S  ee  e  t  ver  a  a  u  l  d  parties  g  l  r  i  o  v  v  i  n  e  g  wehe  u  n  m  e  m  g  h  o  b  n  O  e  1  I  d  lt  t  o  o  o  -  d  d  a  o  y  f  G  beforer  oves  ntohr  the  magistr  a  t  es  by  the  officer  of  health,  for  keeping  pigs  in  their  yards,  and  o  th  er  nu  i  sances.  The  partie  s  wifh  one  two  exceptions,  were  convi  c  t  e  d  and  fined  in  eaclaor  2s.  6d.  to  ss.  case  fr  om  SEAMAN'S  CLAIM.—A  seaman  named  Hugh  Armstrong,  summoned  the  captain  of  the  Nugget  for  one  month's  wages.  He  stated  that  he  shipped  en  board  the  Nugget  at  Quebec,  on  the  9th  of  last  November,  having  been  first  previous  to  that  wrecked  in  the  Arcadia  within  120  miles  of  that  port.  He  signed  the  articles  for  £l5  a  month,  but  when  they  reached  Liverpool  the  captain  alleged  that  he  had  received  £7  10s.  in  advance.  He  had  received  no  advance,  and  he  therefore  refused  to  take  the  amonnt  that  was  ten tendered  dered tendered  him.  Captain  Gimber  was  examined.  He  said  that  he  had  shipped  the  complainant  at  Quebec  for  £l5  a  month,  but  that  there  was  every  reason  to  believe  that  he  had  received  an  advance  of  £7  10s.,  his  name  being  marked  off  in  the  articles  as  having  received  that  amount.  The  articles  were  then  produced.  The  name  of  the  com complainant  plainant complainant  was  scratched,  implying  that  he  had  received  an  advance,  but  there  was  nothing  to  show  that  the  mark  had  been  either  subsequent  to,  or  on  the  occasion  of,  the  signing  of  the  articles.  The  complainant  positively  :denied  that  he  had  received  the  advance,  and  called  one  of  his  shipmates,  William  Jones,  who  swore  that  he  heard  the  complainant  state  to  the  clerk  in  the  office  of  the  owner  at  Quebec  that  he  required  no  advance.  Mr.  Tibbett,  the  owner,  was  then  examined.  He  stated  that  several  advance  notes  had  been  given  to  the  crew,  and  that  he  felt  positive,  though  he  could  not  swear  to  it,  that  one  had  been  given  to  the  complainant  and  subsequently  cashed  at  the  office.  If  the  case  were  adjourned  for  six  weeks  or  two  months,  he  would  communicate  with  his  clerk  at  Quebec  on  the  matter.  The  case  was  accordingly  adjourned  for  six  weeks,  to  enable  the  owner  either  to  produce  the  advance  note,  or  to  otherwise  prove  that  the  advance  had  been  paid.  A  man  named  Robert  Brooks,  a  ship  carpenter,  was  charged  with  being  drunk  and  disorderly,  at  one  o'clock,  on  Wednesday,  in  the  office  of  Mr.  James  Jack.  A  gentleman  from  Mr.  Jack's  establishment  said,  that  they  were  so  annoyed  from  their  men  coming  into  the  office  at  mid-day  drunk,  and  demanding  their  wages,  that  they  were  resolved  to  put  a  stop  to  the  nuisance,  and  so  had  the  defendant  taken  into  custody.  The  defendant  said  that  he  had  merely  called  at  the  office  for  settlement  of  his  which  were  three  weeks'  due,  but  the  truth  of  the  ota,ement  was  denied.  He  was  fined  ss.  or,  in  default,  to  be  committed  for  three  days.  James  Smith,  cha:  c  ;od  with  passing  a  bad  shilling  in  a  public-house  in  Union-street,  was  remanded  for  seven  days.  ROBBERY.—,Tohn  Hughes,  who  stated  he  was  a  striker,  was  charged  by  officer  86,  with  stealing  551bs.  weight  of  horse  shoes.  The  officer  said  that  he  stopped  the  prisoner  in  Banatre-street,  with  551bs.  of  horse  shoes  before  men mentioned,  tioned, mentioned,  and  for  which  he  could  not  satisfactorily  account.  He  subsequently  made  inquiries,  and  found  they  belonged  to  one  Mr.  Lennon,  in  whose  employ  the  prisoner  had  been  at  the  time  the  ro  bb  ery  was  committed.  He  was  sent  to  gaol  for  two  months.  PASSING  BASE  COIN.—A  lad  named  John  Drake,  was  charged  with  attempting  to  pass  a  base  shilling.  •It  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  the  prisoner  went  into  Mr.  Bell's  public-house,  William-street,  and  called  for  a  glass  of  whiskey,  he  laid  a  shillino  , STYLE=superscript  down  on  the  bar;  the  barmaid  instantly  detected  it,  and  went  out  the  back  way,  brought  in  a  police-officer,  and  gave  the  prisoner  in  charge.  The  prisoner  who  has  been  committed  several  times  before  for  the  same  offence,  was  committed  for  trial.  REMANDS.—MichaeI  Brennan,  charged  by  John  Murphy,  with'stealing  a  bundle,  was  remanded  for  seven  d  ays.  A  nn  Trignall,  suspected  of  stealing  a  mantle,  remanded  for  seven  days.  Mary  Cosgrove  ,  keeper  of  a  stall  in  St.  James's  market,  charged  by  Thomas  Porter,  No.  100,  St.  James's James'sstreet,  street, James'sstreet,  with  stealing  a  monkey  jacket  from  the  shop'  door,  remanded  till  to-morrow.  EXTENSIVE  ROBBERY.—A  youth  named  John  Price,  an  apprentice  to  Messrs  Neil  and  Martin  ,  merchants  in  this  town,  was  charged  with  stealing  five  notes.  It  appeared  that  the  prisoner  was  sent  to  Heywood's  bank,  with  five  £5  notes,  £29  in  gold,  255.  and  4s.  Bd.  The  prisoner  laid  the  money  down  on  the  counter  of  the  bank,  and  Mr.  Hen Hendcrton  dcrton Hendcrton  the  cashier  marked  the  notes  and  laid  them  aside,  the  prisoner  in  the  meanwhile  received  a  credit  note  and  abrupt abruptly  ly abruptly  left  the  bank.  Shortly  afterwards  the  cashier  missed  the  notes,  and  information  was  given  at  the  police-office.  The  prisoner  was  apprehended  that  day,  with  the  notes  and  some  silver  in  his  possession.  The  prisoner  made  a  statement  to  a  young  lad  who  had  accompanied  him,  that  he  forgot  to  leave  the  notes.  Mr.  Martin  stated  that  the  lad  was  in  their  employ  for  six  years,  and  they  always  found  him  to  be  a  very  talented  and  intelligent  boy,  they  placed  the  utmost  confidence  in  him,  and  did  not  wish  to  prosecute.  Remanded  till  to tomorrow.  morrow. tomorrow.  ASSAULT.--)fary  Harris,  whose  husband  is  a  lodging lodginghouse  house lodginghouse  keeper,  was  charged  by  Patrick  Lyons,  lodging-house  keeper  also  with  assaulting  him  on  the  9th  of  December.  Mr.  Owen  appeared  for  the  defendant."
