text
"at  CASE  .0  y,  to  allow  I  ad  Ann  from  N.  ad.  They  . STYLE=superscript  po por  r por  the  road,  vo-  r  commitment  in  actions  for  trifling  ;h,  in  which  composition  had  been  ,ings,  but  which  had  not  been  ad-  acceded  to  hear  the  petitions  of  in in=her  =her in=her  of  which  possessed  no  features  i.E-IMPORTINT  ARGUMENT  ON  TRE  case  of  Tames  Brooke,  insol insolsion  sion insolsion  arose.—lt  appeared  that  rent,  who  had  been  engaged  in  the  ship-building  59  creditors,  to  whom  he  owed  the  gross  sum  of  I  A  composition  which  was  ac aca  a aca  agreed  to  receive  4s.  7d.  to  the  creditors  who  124,000:  __tors,  ten  in  number,  refused  to  accept  debts  due  to  the  latter  number,  amount amount)n  )n amount)n  the  part  of  the  creditors,  illn.  IllmE,  -hat,  the  insolvent  had  discntitled  him himthat  that himthat  court,  and  that  when  he  found  his  -,:eepted  by  all  the  parties,  he  ought  to  die  Bankruptcy  court,  which  under  the  -  and  called  .upon  that  lezal  d  intended  t  aunt  dui  He  urged  that  it  —  6  ,  to  extend  the  relief  of  that  after  the  course  he  had  taken,  and  he  '  , STYLE=superscript  *went  reported  as  given  by  Mr.  Commis Commiseh  eh Commiseh  contended  went  to  support  the  wn.  —MR-  EVANS  upon  the  part  of  the  4-  he  was  clearly  entitled  to  the  relief  property  imimsl  droyd,  whi  he  HA  ...Let,  precisely  in  -vs  in  the  pound.  The  n  to  throw  himself  upon  they  considered  right,  what  had  been  done  in  The  remedies  which  were  were  cumelative  in  their  nature,  and  ,ssary  that  one  should  be  substituted  for  insolvent  now  stood  in  the  position  of  a  man  paid  a  portion  of  his  debt,  to  whom  the  law  Mowed  an  appeal  to  that  court  as  regards  the  ;  he  was  now  in  the  position  of  a  party  owing  a  amounting  to  less  than  the  amount  which  entitled  come  into  the  court  of  bankruptcy.  Several  cases  imilar  nature  had  occurred  before,  and  the  objection  t  been  urged.  The  strongest  part  of  the  whole  tran tran--93,  --93, tran--93, STYLE=superscript  that  the  late  Act  of  Parliament,  was  not  in  times  the  debts  were  incurred,  and  therefore  if  s  urged  were  correct,  there  could  be  no  escape  the  man.—The  Comm—Perhaps  he  gave  an  nee  to  some  or  one  of  his  creditors.  Mr.  i  ,on  that  ground  I  am  quite  prepared  to  answer,  is  not  the  ground  alleged.  The  COURT.—In  direct  the  position  o  f  th  e  i  nso  l  ve  nt  falls  within  that  dcserip dcseripperson,  person, dcseripperson,  that  when  this  court  is  entitled  to  grant  d  do  v  was  precisely  present  ved  in  such  c  instancE  not  n  bjeetions  must  be  upon  the  ground  vould  be  opposed  to  public  e  question  upon  that  of  proceeding  open  to  ition  could  take  place.  A  statement  was  told,  if  they  did  not"
