text
"GIBRALTAR,  Sir  Robert  da;ai;;;siiddenly  removed  his  cordon  on  the  land  side  on  the  27th  of  November,  but  on  the  3d  December  suddenly  another  order  came  down  from  Madrid,  ordering  an  immediate  closing  of  all  communications  near  the  post.  It  was  supposed  in  consequence  of  Sir  R.  Gardiner's  measures.  Straw  and  charcoal  rose  to  prodigious  prices.  Straw  was  sold  at  eight  and  nine  dollars  per  horse  load,  being  a  rise  of  300  to  400  per  cent.;  charcoal  is  in  the  proportion  of  200  to  300  per  cent.  Butchers'  meat  has  risen  50  per  cent.  The  stock  of  cattle  in  private  hands  was  only  three  or  four  days'  consumption.  IRELAND.  [FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.]  DUBLIN,  TUESDAY,  THE  DARGAN  committee  en entrusted  trusted entrusted  with  the  management  of  a  testimonial  to  William  Dargan,  met  yesterday  and  adopted  the  proposition  of  Lord  Talbot  de  Malahide  to  found  with  the  funds  contributed  for  that  purpose  a  suit suitable  able suitable  building  for  the  reception  and  exhibition  of  works  of  art  and  their  application  to  industry.  Many  influential  parties  object  to  this  disposition  of  the  funds,  •as  not  calculated  to  advance  the  ma material  terial material  prosperity  of  a  country  so  backward  in  that  sort  of  education,  but  it  is  hoped  that  the  founda foundation  tion foundation  will  tend  to  foster  the  talent  for  design  among  the  Irish  people.  The  case  of  Dowling  v.  Lawler,  came  on  in  the  Court  of  Exchequer  yesterday.  It  involved  a  charge  of  conspiracy  against  Mr.  Lawler,  M.P.  for  Carlow,  to  prevent  the  plaintiff  from  voting.  The  examination  of  witnesses  had  part  commenced,  when,  at  the  request  of  the  defendant's  counsel,  the  Chief  Baron  made  an  order  that  the  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  should  not  be  published,  as  another  case  of  the  same  sort  was  pending.  The  trial  proceeds  to today,  day, today,  when  it  is  expected  the  interesting  part  of  the  business  will  be  elicited.  I  shall  furnish  you  with  an  outline,  as  happily,  in  this  matter,  the  power  so  foolishly  exercised  by  the  ,judge  on  the  Irish  bench  does  not  extend  to  England.  The  Evening  Mail  of  last  night  publishes  the  whole  correspondence  between  the  Primate  and  the  Warden  of  St:  Columba's  College,  Stackallan  County  Meath,  in  which  the  former  withdraws  'from  all  connection  with  that  institution.  The  reason  assigned  is,  as  I  have  informed  you  before,  the  signing  of  thd  Anti  Gobart  measure  by  the  Warder,  the  Rev.  D.  Williams.  This  college  has  •  for  a  long  time  been  regarded  as  a  hot-bed  of  Puseyism,  and  some  time  ago  a  commotion  was  caused  by  an  attempt  being  made  known  to  half  starve  the  pupils  under  the  semblance  of  fasting.  THE  WEATHER.—DISASTERS  AT  SEA.—The  storm  from  the  east  still  continues  to  rage  with  unabated  fury.  The  following  disasters  are  reported  :  The  brig  Darnley,  of  Cork,  in  ballast,  was  corn  pelled  to  run  into  Kingstown  harbour  on  Saturday  night,  and  when  bringing  up  she  ran  on  board  the  small  sloop  Dahlia,  of  37  tons,  maize  laden,  from  Cork,  and  bound  to  Wicklow,  when,  unfortunately,  the  sloop  went  to  the  bottom  ;  crew  saved.  The  schooner  Victoria,  William  Raymond  master,  from  Gloucester,  bound  to  Dublin,  with  a  cargo  of  bark  and  iron,  was  run  into  by  another  brig  which  lay  across  her  bows,  and,  from  being  in  collision  since  three,  a.m  ,  this  (Monday)  morning,  also  foundered  at  her  anchors;  crew  saved.  The  steamer  Eblana  broke  her  shaft  at  one,  a.m.,  this  morning,  when  within  eight  miles  of  Holyhead,  with  the  London  mails  ;  the  life-boat  was  got  out,  and  the  mails  put  on  board  the  St.  Columba,  which  was  proceeding  to  Kingstown  ;  they  were  transhipped  to  the  Prince  Arthur  at  one,  p.m.,  about  to  depart  for  Holyhead.  The  Eblana  bore  up  under  sail,  working  one  wheel,  and  arrived  safely  in  Kingstown  at  about  two,  p.m.  A  vessel  likewise  went  down  on  Sunday  night  op  posite  the  Gormanstown  station  of  the  Dublin  and  Drogheda  railway.  No  account  of  her  name  and  destination  could  be  obtained,  and  it  is  believed  that  all  hands  went  down  with  her,  as  her  masts  alone  were  visible  when  day  broke.  The  ill-fated  vessel  was  a  From  another  account  we  find  that  A  heavy  gale  from  the  east  has  prevailed  during  the  last  two  days,  by  which  we  fear  much  damage  may  have  been  done  to  the  ships  engaged  in  the  coast coasting  ing coasting  trade.  The  only  instance  that  has  reached  us  yet  is  that  of  a  large  brig,  which  was  driven  ashore  at  Nannywater,  within  a  few  miles  of  Drogheda.  At  the  time  of  dispatching  the  intelligence  the  crew  had  not  been  communicated  with,  but  they  were  observed  preparing  to  abandon  the  vessel,  and  boats  from  the  shore  were  putting  off  to  their  assistance.  It  was  not  ascertained  whether  there  was  any  hope  of  getting  her  afloat;  but  from  her  position,  and  the  fact  that  the  sea  was  running  very  high,  it  was  thought  most  probable  that  she  would  go  to  pieces.  Neither  the  name,  cargo,  nor  destination  of  the  vessel  has  yet  been  learned.  From  the  violence  of  the  wind  blowing  on  the  shore  during  the  greater  part  of  yesterday,  the  waves  at  several  parts  of  the  line  of  railway  washed  over  the  carriages  as  they  passed  Mr.  Cooney  's  starch  factory,  at  Back-lane,  Dub Dublin,  lin, Dublin,  was  burnt  down  yesterday,  and  property  to  the  value  of  £3,000  destroyed.  RIBBONISM.—Two  men  have  been  committed  for  trial  at  next  Sligo  sessions,  on  a  charge  of  ribbon ribbonism.  ism.- ribbonism.  The  following  were  the  pass  words  found  in  their  possession  :  Question.—What  is  the  opinion  of  the  war  ?  Answer.—The  Russians  will  be  beat.  Question.—Will  France  take  part  ?  Answer.—No  ;  nor  England.  Question.—Keep  in  order  ?  Answer.—lt's  my  'tention.  Question.—The  nights  are  chilly  ?  Answer.—They  are,  and  sharp.  Certes  the  gentry  who  devised  those  pass  words  must  be  as  intelligent  as  they  are  dangerous  to  the  state  !  DEATH  OF  THE  REV.  DR.  WARDLAW.--It  is  our  melan melancholy  choly melancholy  duty  to  announce  to  the  congregational  body,  the  loss  of  one  of  its  brightest  ornaments,  by  the  decease  of  the  Rev.  Dr.  Wardlaw.  We  have  received  the  intelligence  too  recently  to  •  do  justice  to  so  great  a  name  and  so  bright  a  character,  and  can  at  this  moment  do  no  more  than  mingle  our  griefs  with  those  of  our  brethren  in  all  parts  of  the  United  Kingdom  at  th;s  so  great  a  loss  ;  remembering,  how however,  ever, however,  amidst  our  lamentations,  the  rich  legacies  of  piety  and  learning  which  the  venerable  deceased  has  bequeathed  to  the  Evangelical  Nonconformist  Church.—The  Patriot.  ANOTHER  DARING  ROBBERY  AT  MANCHESTER.—Another  daring  robbery  has  been  reported  to  the  police  of  Manches Manchester.  ter. Manchester.  The  robbery  was  committed  on  Monday  afternoon,  in  the  house  of  Mr.  Blackburn,  beer-house  keeper,  30,  Claren Clarendon-street,  don-street, Clarendon-street,  corner  of  Wilmott-street,  Hulme.  It  appears  that  on  Monday  afternoon,  Mr.  Blackburn,  a  very  respect respectable  able respectable  man,  and  a  bricksetter  by  trade,  was  out  at  his  work  as  usual.  His  wife,  who  has  for  some  time  been  labouring  under  a  disease  of  the  leg,  which  rendered  it  necessary  for  her  to  become  a  patient  of  a  doctor  at  Pendleton,  left  home  about  three  o'clock  for  Pendleton,  leavin  g  in  charge  of  the  house  her  sister,  Miss  Whitt  a  k  er  ,  w  h  o  i  s  between  19  and  20  years  of  age.  It  was  turned  three  o'clock  when  Mrs.  Blackburn  left  the  house,  and  about  half-past  three  o'clock  the  girl  gave  an  alarm  in  the  neighbourhood  that  two  men  had  been  in  the  house;  that  they  called  for  two  glasses  of  ale  ;  that  while  she  was  in  the  cellar  they  fastened  the  front  door  that  on  her  return  from  the  cellar  with  (the  ale,  they  took  hold  of  her  and  tied  her  with  a  rope  to  a  table  ;  that  one  of  the  men  stood  over  her,  while  the  other  went  up  stairs  and  broke  open  a  box,  but  that  whether  he  has  taken  anything  she  could  not  tell.  Information  of  a  similar  character  she  soon  conveyed  to  the  police  in  Caven Cavendish-street.  dish-street. Cavendish-street.  Mr.  Superintendent  Taylor  took  down  the  par particulars,  ticulars, particulars,  and  in  answer  to  a  question  put  by  him  to  Miss  Whittaker,  she  said  that  she  soon  expeethl  her  sister  home.  Shortly  afterwards  Mrs.  Blackburn  came  to  the  police-station  in  Cavendish-street,  and  stated  that  she  had  been  robbed  of  a  sum  of  money  amounting  to  between  £23  and  £24,  which  had  been  taken  out  of  a  box  that  had  been  wrenched  open  by  - STYLE=superscript  a  piece  of  a  poker  used  in  the  house.  It  appears  that  the  rope  with  which  the  female  was  tied  to  the  table  belong belonged  ed belonged  to  the  house,  and  there  is  a  myst  er  y  h  ang  i  ng  over  the  whole  case  whichl  is  as  yet  unexplained,  The  neighbours  did  not  see  any  person  of  a  suspicions  character  enter  the  house,  and  altogether  the  alleged  robbery  seems  a  very  mys mysterious  terious mysterious  one."
