text
"•  Surely  when  such  grave  allegations  are  made  it-is  high  tier  e  for  - STYLE=superscript  Lord  : STYLE=superscript  ABERDEEN  and  his  col=  leagues,  by  prompt  interference,  to  remove  the  Barne—,provided,  indeed,.  they  carry,not  with  them  the  force  of  truth.  Can  it  be  that  the  Imperial  4  Conjurer  has  the  British  CABINET  really  in  his  con conjuring  juring conjuring  box.  THE  last  returns  of  the  Bank  of  England  show  that  this  institution  is  the  recipient  of  only  a  very.  moderate  portion  of  .  the  large  amounts  of  bullion  and  specie  imported  into  this  country..  The  in increase  crease increase  shown  in  their  stock  of.bullion  for  the  week  ending  Saturday,  the  sth  inst.,  is  only  408,8611.,  while  the  imports  for  that  period  amount  to  42,260/  The  excess  of  imports  over  the  exports  of  gold  for  . STYLE=superscript  the  preceding  financial  week  was  no  less  than  1,314,4541.  In  order  to  elucidate  fully  the  actual  Movements  Of  bullion,  we  find  it  necessary,  how  ever,  to  reprint  the  table  of  exports  and  imports  . STYLE=superscript  which  appeared  in  the  banking  article  of  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  of  the  31st  ultimo  ;  in  which  the  iMports  and  exports  are  estimated  as  follows:  FROM  AUSTRALIA.  Oct.  24,  per  ship  Eagle  £250,000  „  25,  „  Charlotte  Jane  155,288  „  26,  „  Argo  567,777  FROM  THE  UNITED  STATES  Oct.  22,  per  ship  America  98,389  „  26,  „  Baltic  200,000  „  26,  „  Arabia  .  243,000  973,065  541,389  Total  imported  Deduct  gold  exported  200,000  £1,314,454  When  we  published  this  return  we  took  occasion  to  make  the  following  observations  This;  total,  owing  to  the  -loose  way  in  which  the  returns  are  made,  may  be  a  few  hundred  pounds  more  or  less.  In  the  meantime,  they  are  sufficiently  correct,  to  show  that  the  amount  actually  received  by  the  Bank  of  England  is  but  very  little  .oirer  a  fifth  of  the  amount  imported  for  the  week  ending  October  9.  The  question  then  - STYLE=superscript  is  :  What  has  becoine  of  the  surplus  in  the  imports  over  the  exports  The  increase  shown  in  the  bullion  deposits  of  the  bank  in  the  last  weekly  returns,  being  only  340,478/.  against  1,314,4541.  of  surplus  imports,  it  conse consequently  quently consequently  follows  that  the  sum  of  094,9761.  remained  in  the  hands  Of  the  public,  or  had  been  deposited  in  other.  banks,  .  .  To  trace  out  the  real  source'of  absorption  of  so  large  au  amount  of  -the  imports  of  the  precious  metal,  is  most  difficult  and.  no  less  important,  in  the  present  juncture  of  our  foreign  and  domestic  affairs.  The  imports  of  gold  for  the  week  ending  Saturday,  the  sth  instant,  are  as  follow  :  AUSTRALIA.  Nov.  1,  per  ship  Royal  George  //  77  Bombay  206,622  WEST  INDIES.  „3,  „  „  Madelina  .  .  90,438  90,438  PORTUGAL.  4 STYLE=superscript  ,  ~  Tagus  UNITED  STATES.  Oct.  1,  „  „  Arabia  243,200  Total  Imports.  ,  Deduct  Exports  54:5,260  120,000  Total  surplus  over  exports  £425,260  The  SurPlus  in  the  imports  of  gold  for  the  week  being  425,2601.,  and  - STYLE=superscript  the  increase  in  the  bullion  de deposits  posits deposits  of_tlAcl3ank  of  England  being  only  408,8:61/.,  it  follows  that  the  balance  remaining  in  the  hands  of  .the  public,  or  .  deposited  -  in  other  banks,•  is  83,6011.  This  latter  amount,  added  to  the  sum  of  094,9761.,  makes  a  total  of  1,078,5771.,  which  can  only  be  accounted  for  by  assuming  that  it  still  remains  in  the  hands  of  the  public,  or  has  been  deposited  in  other  banks.  -  Should  this  idea  prove  erroneous  this  matter  will  require  the  most  search-  ing  - STYLE=superscript  investigation.  In  the  meantime  the  fact  of  the  Bank  Returns  having  failed  in  supplying  us  with  anything  like  a  reliable  index  as  to  the  real  monetary,  position  of  the  country,  :  the  mercantile  circles  must  look  to  some  other  source  for  that  data  which  is  so  essential  to  the  success  of  their  daily  operations,  and  more  distant  transactions.  The  sum  at  present  deficient,  as  it  were,  is  994,9761.,  and  it  would  bepre bepreposterous  posterous bepreposterous  to  suppose  that  such  a  sum  could  by  any  possibility  have  passed  into  circulation  without  ap appealing  pealing appealing  in  our  banking  returns.  If  the  monthly  statement  of  the  private  and  joint  stock  banks  show  that  they  have  received  the  large  amount  here  al alluded  luded alluded  to,  then  the  question  arises  how  far  those  in institutions  stitutions institutions  are  justified  in  following  in  the  restric restrictive  tive restrictive  steps  of  the  Threadneedle-street  guides,  and  increasing  the  evils'  to  Which  trade  and  commerce  are  exposed,  by  a  combination  which  threatens  to  rob  them  of  that  very  popularity  which  has  so  mate materially  rially materially  strengthened  their  position  Within  - STYLE=superscript  these  last  three  years  ?  Lombard-Street  is  capable  at  any  moment  of  'go 'governing  verning 'governing  the  steps  of  the  Bank  of  En  - STYLE=superscript  gland  ;  and  the  joint  stock  banks  are  a  still  more  potent  power.  The  shares  of  the  latter  are  as  goOd'investments  as  any  bank  stock  in  the  United  Kingdom.  Specula Speculators  tors Speculators  deal  and  dabble  in  the  latter,  while  the  public  hold  the  former,  for  which  a  quotation  is  seldom  found  in  our  stock  markets.  It  must  also  be  re remembered  membered remembered  that  joint  stock  banks  were  originated,  encouraged  and  regulated  by  the  most  enlightened:  men  in  our  legislature,  as  a  necessary  and  great  counterbalancing  power  in  the  State.  The  argu arguments  ments arguments  advanced  by  PITT  in  favour  of  joint  stock  banks,  and  the  caution  which  became  a  crotchet  in  PEEL,  are  all  embodied  in  the  law  which  regulate  those  .adjuncts  to  the  monetary  institutions  of  the  EMpire.  That  they  should  forget  their  origin,  use,  and  power,  within  legitimate  limits,  and  run  'tip  the  ladder  of-  high  - STYLE=superscript  rates  of  interest,  in  pur pursuit  suit pursuit  of  the  ignis  fatnus  of  Threadneedle  street,  is  to  show  a  want  of  that  sound  discretion  and  fore foresight,  sight, foresight,  which  does  not  augur  well  for  the  future..  spread  as  these  institutions  are  :  over  the  manu manufacturing  facturing manufacturing  districts  ;  they  are  in  ft  better  position  to  know  the  state  of  trade  in  their  respective  localities  —from  being  essentially,  commercial  in  their  origin  and  operations,  they  must  of  necessity  be  better  able  to  judge  of  thelndneywants  of  their  customers,  and  they  have  no  right  for  mere  fiscal  or  political  .  reasons  to  follow  the  trade-mulcting  steps  of  an  in institution  stitution institution  which  relies  for  stability  on  the  political  condition  of  the  Empire.  The  time  has  now  arrived  when  a  broad  line  of  distinction  must  be  drawn  by  our  banking  institutions  between  the  fiscal  wants  of  the  state  and  the  legitimate  wants  of  trade.  The  movements'  of  bUlliOn  at  thiS  'fiithrient  afford  a  con conclusive  clusive conclusive  demonstration  of  the  fact;  and  we  hope  it  will  not  be  thrown  away  on  the  Joint  Stock  Bank  Directors,  Trade  is  sound,  stable,  and  active,  de-  - STYLE=superscript  spite  the  intensity  of  the  pressure.  The  returns  of  the  imports  and  exports  prove  this,  and  when  trade  is  safe  it  is  sound  banking  policy  to  be  liberal.  SHALL  ALBERT  have  a  Statue  ?  Such  is  now  the  cry,  originated  by  the  ex-Lord  MAYOR  of  London•  Really  these  civic  dignitaries  belong  to  a  very  ex  traordinary--genu  s  .  They  are.  fin'  ever  building  castles  - STYLE=superscript  in  the  air,'!  and  proposing  all  manner  of  be benevolent  nevolent benevolent  schemes  for  the  benefit  'of  mankind.  Unhappily,  hOweve'r,  few  of  .their  plate  .  meet  with  universal  approbation,  and  their  good  deeds  seldom  become  known  beyond  the  aldermanic  circle—"
