text
"DAILY  TIMES.  TILE  EXPORT  BEER  TRADE.—By  a  return  officially  pre prepared,  pared, prepared,  it  seems  that  in  the  month  ended  the  10th  ult.  the  value  of  beer  and  ale  exported  was  43,299/.  In  the  pre preceding  ceding preceding  month,  the  value  was  36,985/.  FOREIGN  POTATOES.—In  the  month  ended  the  10th  ult.  there  were  as  many  as  83,857  cwt.  of  potatoes  imported,  being  a  great  increase  on  the  preceding  month,  when  only  36,803  cwt.  were  imported.  They  are  free  of  duty.  At  the  Cabinet  Council  on  Thursday,  which  sat  three  hours,  the  ministers  present  were—the  Earl  of  Aberdeen,  Lord  John  Russell,  the  Lord  Chancellor,  Earl  Granville,  the  Duke  of  Argyll,  the  Marquis  of  Lansdowne,  Viscount  Palmerston,  the  Earl  of  Clarendon,  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer,  Sir  James  Graham,  Sir  Charles  Wood,  the  Right  Hon.  Sidney  Herbert,  and  Sir  W.  3.lolesworth.  TITHES—A  return,  procured  by  Lord  Harry  Vane,  was  on  Wednesday  printed,  of  all  the  appropriate  tithes  that  have  fallen  into  the  hands  of  the  Ecclesiastical  Commission Commissioners,  ers, Commissioners,  and  of  the  mode  in  which  they  have  been  dealt  with.  There  are  44  places  mentioned  in  the  document,  some  of  which  have  been  appropriated  to  the  common  fund  of  the  Commis Commissioners,  sioners, Commissioners,  and  a  number  applied  to  other  purposes.  THEATRICALS  AT  WINDSOR.—The  first  dramatic  per performance  formance performance  at  Windsor  Castle,  this  season,  took  place  on  Thursday  evening.  The  piece  selected  upon  thi  s  occas  i  on,  was  Shakspeare's  historical  play  of  Kin  g  Henry  V.  At  eight  o'clock,  her  Majesty  the  Queen,  and  his  Royal  High Highness  ness Highness  Prince  Albert,  entered  the  Reuben's  room,  accompanied  by  an  illustrious  circle,  when  the  performance  commenced.  The  part  of  King  Henry  the  fifth  was  sustained  by  Mr.  Phelps.  The  performance  was  under  the  direction  of  Mr.  Charles  Kean.  The  wife  of  the  late  Professor  Webster,  (who  was  exe executed  cuted executed  in  America  for  the  murder  of  Dr.  Parkman)  died  at  Boston  on  the  evening  of  the  18th  ult.  She  was  a  lady  much  esteemed  and  respected  among  a  large  circle  of  ac acquantances  quantances acquantances  there.  The  terrible  crime  and  fate  of  her  hus husband  band husband  had  cast  a  gloom  over  her  life  ever  since  that  event,  which,  beyond  the  power  of  the  kindest  synipathias  to  dis dispel,  pel, dispel,  has  at  length  followed  her  to  the  grave.  TICKET  or  LEAVE  CONvlCTS.—Twenty-eight  of  the  con convicts  victs convicts  serving  out  their  periods  of  transportation  at  Wool Woolwich,  wich, Woolwich,  to  which  they  were  sentenced  for  offences  against  the  laws  of  this  country,  have  received  tickets  of  leave,  or  free  licences,  to  reside  in  any  place  they  choose  in  this  kingdom,  and  follow  their  callings,  or  any  kind  of  industry  for  which  they  may  be  fltted—twenty  from  tho  Defence,  convict-hulk  at  the  Royal  Arsenal,  and  eight  from  the  Warrior  hulk  at  the  Dockyard.  Thirty-nine  convicts  have  been  sent  to  Woolwich,  to  make  up  for  the  vacancies  owing  to  the  libera liberation  tion liberation  of  the  twenty-eight  convicts,  and  other  causes.  CASE  OF  Wrrefren.trr.—An  extraordinary  case  which  shows,  unhappily,  that  the  mediaeval  notions  of  wit  c  h  cra  ft  are  not  yet  eradicated  from  the  minds  of  the  lower  order,  was  tried  at  the  petty  sessions  last  Monday.  Two  females,  Mary  Corcoran,  senior,  and  Mary  Corcoran,  junior,  mother  and  daughter,  were  charged  by  Mary  Conry  and  Sally  Conry  with  extorting  money  and  value  from  them,  under  the  fol following  lowing following  circumstances  :  It  appea  r  ed  th  a  t  M  ary  C  onry  '  s  hus husband  band husband  had  been  ailing  of  some  distemper  which  baffled  all  medical  appliances  previously  employed,  upon  which  she  applied  to  Mary  Corcoran,  who  told  her  that  unless  a  cer certain  tain certain  herb  were  administered,  and  a  portion  of  the  husband's  clothing  burned  between  sun-set  and  sunrise,  that  death  would  impend  over  the  house.  As  the  guerdon  of  their  mystic  skill,  the  brace  of  sorceresses  received  five  stones  of  potatoes,  seven  pence  in  cash,  and  a  portion  of  the  husband's  clothes.  But  notwithstanding  the  potent  spells  employed,  no  good  effects  followed,  and  the  poor  dupes  becoming  at  length  sensible  of  the  imposture,  summoned  the  pseudo pseudowitches  witches pseudowitches  before  the  magistrates,  who  sent  the  two  Corcorans,  whom  the  wisdom  of  our  ancestors  would  have  doomed  to  the  stake,  to  the  next  quarter  sessions  for  trial,  having  re refused  fused refused  bail  for  their  appearance.—  Galway  Vindicator.  THE  GREAT  AND  THE  LITTLE  REPUBLIC.—An  interest interesting  ing interesting  account  is  given  in  the  American  papers  of  negocia negociations  tions negociations  between  Mr.  Squier,  the  agent  of  some  New  York  capitalists,  and  the  Government  of  San  Salvador,  with  re regard  gard regard  to  a  new  channel  of  inter-oceanic  communication  across  the  territory  of  that  State.  This  scheme  has  been  for  months  in  preparation,  and  seems  to  promise  decided  advantages  over  Nicaragua,  Panama,  Tehuantepec,  Atrato,  or  any  oth  er  of  the  various  i  s  th  mus  routes.  The  line  on  the  Atlantic  side  is  to  begin  at  th  e  G  u  lf  o  f  A  mat  i  gue,  or  some  other  con convenient  venient convenient  harbour  on  the  Bay  of  Honduras,  and  traverse  the  country,  as  directly  as  pra  c  ti  ca  bl  e  ,  to  the  Gulf  of  Fon Fonseca,  seca, Fonseca,  on  the  Pacific.  The  distance  from  New  York  to  the  Atlantic  depot  of  the  road  will  he  much  less  than  to,  the  Tehuantepec  terminus,  to  San  Juan  del  Norte,  or  AspinW  a  ll.  The  length  of  the  road  will  b  e  f  rom  100  to  200  miles  ;  and  the  Gulf  of  Fonseca  is  far  the  best  harbour  on  the  Pacific  south  of  San  Francisco.  The  San  Salvador  route  runs  through  a  perfectly  healthy,  as  well  as  very  beautiful  coun country,  try, country,  where  a  road  can  be  built  without  costing  the  lives  of  its  labourers.  Mr.  Squier  went  out  to  Central  America  sonic  mouths  since,  to  secure,  if  possible,  the  right  of  way  and  other  necessary  privileges  from  the  various  states  through  which  the  line  must  run.  W  e  h  ave  now  b  e  f  o  i  e  us,  in  Spanish,  his  correspondence  w  ith  th  e  comm  i  ss  i  oner  of  San  Salvador,  from  which  it  would  seem  that  conditions  are  de demanded  manded demanded  by  that  Government  which  would  prove  fatal  to  the  enterprise,  and  which  he  very  properly  rejects.  The  com commissioner  missioner commissioner  is  evidently  possessed  with  the  idea  that  the  United  States  is  nothing  but  an  omnivorous  giant,  bat  on  swallow swallowing  ing swallowing  all  the  rest  of  mankind,  and  this  railroad  will  simply  c  .  o  u  ni  [  m  eg  en  tu  e  r  e  es  th  t  e  ha  d  t  ee  n  l  o  ut  o  i  t  tho  e  n  r  of  tio  t  v  h  e  e  ri  l  m  ill STYLE=superscript  e  i STYLE=superscript  n  n STYLE=superscript  t  S STYLE=superscript  s  t STYLE=superscript  h  n STYLE=superscript  al  t' STYLE=superscript  llfe:3l:eki;Ol  i STYLE=superscript  de;  in  the  road,  and  that  all  the  private  stockholders  shall  re renounce  nounce renounce  all  other  rights  against  the  State  than  those  which  they  may  have  by  its  laws.  Thus,  if  they  are  foreigners,  they  are  required  to  abandon  their  rights  under  the  public  law  of  the  world,  and  to  agree  to  seek  redress  for  any  viola violation  tion violation  of  those  rights  in  the  courts  of  San  Salvador  alone.  The  commissioner  also  requires,  as  a  preliminary  to  closing  the  contract,  a  deposit  of  $lOO,OOO,  on  which  the  State  will  pay  6  per  cent.  interest,  the  principal  to  be  forfeited  to  the  Treasurer  in  case  the  company  fail  to  fulfil  all  their  stipula stipulations.  tions. stipulations.  To  the  first  of  the  above  demands  Mr.  Squier  replies  that  as  regards  the  United  States,  the  clause  is  superfluous,  that  Government  being  constitutionally  prohibited  from  holding  stock  in  any  such  undertaking,  As  for  the  second,  it  is  out  of  the  question  for  subscribers  to  the  company  to  divest  themselves  of  their  national  rights.  And  as  for  the  third,  the  company  cannot  bind  itself  by  a  forfeiture  until  careful  and  complete  surveys  have  left  no  doubt  as  to  the  practicability  of  the  work.  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.—YESTERDAY.  Written  expressly  for  the  Northern  Daily  Times.  SUGAR.  —There  has  been  still  less  doing  in  the  market  to today,  day, today,  the  business  being  confined  to  a  small  lot  of  Bahia,  in  barrels  at  21s  3(1-4)  cwt.  No  further  sales  have  taken  place  in  Molasses  ;  neither  has  anything  occurred  in  Rum  or  Coffee.  RICE  continues  to  be  purchased  freely,  the  transactions  consisting  of  145  tierces  Carolina,  at  23s  63,  in  b  on  d  ;  2,000  bags  Arracan,  at  12  s  9d; STYLE=superscript  an  d  500  bags  Bengal,  at  15s  3d  cwt.  Nine  hundred  bags  Sago  Flour  have  realised  21s  to  21s  6d  ;  and  200  bags  Saltpetre,  at  29s  4  cwt,  five  per  cent.  refraction.  TEA.—Business  has  been  concluded  to  a  fair  extent  at  ft  rates.  CorroN.—The  sales  to-day  are  8,000  bales,  1,000  having  been  taken  on  speculation  and  for  export.  The  market  closes  quiet.  LIVERPOOL  CORN  EXCHANGE.—YESTERDAY.  The  state  of  the  weather  has  remained  most  favourable  throughout  the  country,  which  may  truly  be  looked  upon,  in  a  national  point  of  view,  as  most  important,  as  the  seed  will  now  be  committed  to  the  ground  under  circumstances  much  more  auspicious  than  was  at  one  time  feared  would  be  the  case.  The  trade  still  moves  slowly  in  the  various  markets  of  the  kingdom,  and  in  most  of  them  a  decline  about  equivalent  to  the  reduction  previously  established  in  this  and  other  leading  places,  is  quoted;  but  with  scarcely  any  fresh  arrivals  at  calling  ports,  and  the  prospect  of  little  coming  forward  from  the  Black  Sea,  &amp;c.,  before  the  spring  of  next  year,  there  is  already  on  the  part  of  holders  evidence  of  a  stronger  feeling,  and  an  impression  of  improved  demand  shortly  prevailing.  A  moderately  fair  business  has  been  transacted  here  during  the  past  two  days  in  Wheat  and  Flour,  at  steady  prices,  with  some  demand  for  the  latter  from  Ireland  ;  we  have  also  inquiry  for  Indian  Corn,  the  consumption  in  this  country  for  feeding  being  considerable,  and  that  in  Ireland  being  some somewhat  what somewhat  on  the  increase.  A  few  small  parcels  of  Barley  and  Oats,  with  a  further  good  supply  of  Oatmeal,  include  the  main  portion  of  Irish  produce  into  this  port  during  the  last  three  days;  the  re receipts  ceipts receipts  at  the  same  time  coastwise  scarcely  deserving  notice.  The  aggregate  of  arrivals  fresh  in  direct  from  abroad  are  also  comparatively  moderate,  containing  merely  7,012  qrs  o  f  Wheat,  and  7,000  ba  rre  l  s  of  Flour  from  the  United  States,  and  various  parts  of  Europe  :  the  exports  so  far  during  the  week  being  light.  The  market  to-day  has  been  less  active  than  was  expected,  we  had  not  many  buyers  in  attendance,  and  the  general  transactions  in  Wheat  were  only  of  moderate  amount,  few  parcels  of  any  magnitude  being  taken  ;  holders  were,  how however,  ever, however,  firm,  and  the  currencies  of  Tuesday  are  fully  main maintained.  tained. maintained.  For  Flour,  also,  which  was  in  fair  request,  and  not  freely  offered,  we  repeat  the  rates  of  that  day.  Barley,  of  which  a  number  of  secondary  parcels  appeared,  was  2d  19  bushel  cheaper,  choice  dry  qualities  supporting  our  late  quotations.  Beaus  are  in  slow  request.  Fine  Oats,  from  scarcity,  realise  their  previous  value,  but  inferior  descriptions  are  somewhat  cheaper.  Oatmeal  dull,  and  the  value  scarcely  supported.  Indian  Corn  only  in  retail  demand,  but  without  any  change  in  price.  REVIEW  FOR  THE  WEEK.  Sugar.—ln  the  absence  of  supplies  of  refining  descrip descriptions,  tions, descriptions,  the  transactions  of  the  week  have  been  limited,  the  Grocers  not  being  buyers,  and  the  sales  are  confined  to  250  hhds  B.  P.  1200  bags  D  a  t  es  at  34s  6d  to  36,  and  a  cargo  of  new  blown  Mauritius,  to  arrive,  at  33s  6d  per  cwt.—Of  Foreign,  the  sales  are  40  cases,  GOO  bans  ordinary  brown  Muth°  at  18s  to  18  Gd  in  b  on  d  ,  and  '2OO  hhds.  Porto  Rico  and  Cuba  .  Muscovado  at  32s  Gd  to  37s  6d  per  cwt  duty  paid.  The  sales  of  Molasses  are  limited  to  250  puns.  Barbadoes  at  18s,  and  50  puns.  clayed  Cuba  at  16s  6cl'  per  cwt.  Coffee.—The  public  sale  of  Jamaica  went  off  with  fair  spirit,  70  tees.  being  disposed  of  at  483  to  88s  per  ewt.  for  good  ordinary  to  fine  middling._  .  Rice.--The  demand  has  again  revived,  and  the  recent  decline"
