text
"LONDON  PRODUCE  MARKET-YESTERDAY.  Tea—There  is  a  good  inquiry  for  fine  congous,  at.very  full  prices.  In  other  kinds  only  a  limited  business  is  doing,  on  foriner  terms.  Sugar.—The  public  sales  have  gone  off  steadily,  at  prices.  The  private  'Market  is  steady,  and  the  quotations  are  well  supported.  Refined  goods  are  in  fair  request.  Molasses.—The  demand  is•steady,  at  fully  previous  rates.  Coffee.—Tho  inquiry  for  native  Ceylon  is  firm,  at  45s  6d  to;46s  Gd  per  cwt..  In  other  kinds  only  a  limited  business  is  doing.  Cocoa  is  rather  inactive,  at  last  week's  prices.  Rice.—There  is  more  business  doing  in  most  kinds,  et  very  full  prices.  Hemp  and  Flax.—Baltic  hemp  commands  full  currencies.  Manilla  is  quite  as  dear.  In  flax,  very  little  is  doing.  Wool--The  public  sales  are  progressing  slowly,  at  the  open opening  ing opening  prices,  which,  showed  a  decline  of  ld  to  2d  per  lb.  Metals.—Scotch  pig  iron  is  quoted  at  66s  to  675.  East  India  tin  is  selling,  banca  at  120  s,  and  straits  ll7s  Copper  and  lead  move  off  readily,  at  full  prices.  Spelter  is  in  fair  request,  at  £2l  lOs  to  £22  per  ton.  Oils.—The  market  is  steady.  Prices  about  stationary.  Tallow.---Our  market  is  firm,  and  prices  are  well  suppor supported.  ted. supported.  P.  Y.  C.,  on  the  spot,  58s  6d  to  58s  9d.  Town  tailor  is  605  net  cash.  Rough  fat,  3s  4d  per  Blbs.  The  stock  it  now  22,573  casks,  against  27,416  ditto  in  1852,  and  42,23  in  1851.  Advices  from  St.  Petersburg  bring  very  figures  ;  160  roubles  having  been  paid  for  Ukraine.  The  Liverpool  and  Philadelphia  Steam-ship  Com Company  pany Company  have  completed  a  contract  with  Messrs.  Todd  tc  McGregor,  of  Glasgow  (the  builders  of  their  vessels  City  . STYLE=superscript  of  Glasgow  and  City  of  Manohester,  as  also  the  City  of  Phila.  delphia,  now  rapidly  approaching  completion),  for  a  kind  iron  screw  steam-ship  for  their  line,  to  be  called  the  City  of  Baltimore.  She  will  be  about  2,500  tons  measurement,  with  a  length  over  all  of  about  350  feet,  and  when  this  vessel  is  completed  and  on  the  station  there  will  be  a  departure  once  every  fortnight,  instead  of  once  every  four  weeks  as  al  p  resent,"
