text
"NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  TUESDAY,  JANUARY  22,  1856.  FRIGHTFUL  MURDER  YESTERDAY  Between  6  and  7  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  a  most  cold-blooded  murder  was  committed  in  Prince  William Williamstreet,  street, Williamstreet,  Toxteth-park,  on  the  body  of  a  female  who  is  known  in  that  locality  by  the  name  of  Sally  Drummond.  The  perpetrator  of  this  dreadful  crime  is  a  notorious  character,  and  known  to  the  police  as  a  most  desperate  villain,  and  who  goes  by  the  name  of  Fergu Ferguson,  son, Ferguson,  or,  as  he  is  commonly  called,  but  who  has  an  almost  innumerable  amount  of  aliases  attached  thereto.  The  locality  in  which  the  murder  was  com committed  mitted committed  is.  perhaps,  one  of  the  worst  in  Liverpool,  the  street  being  inhabited  principally  by  thieves  and  prostitutes.  From  diligent  inquiry,  we  believe  the  following  to  be  the  circumstances  of  this  melancholy  affair  :  —The  unfortu unfortunate  nate unfortunate  deceased  had  lived  with  her  murderer  for  some  time,  but  lately  had  left  him  and  had  cohabited  with  another  man,  who  went  by  the  cognomen  of  (or  William.)  Yesterday  morning  the  deceased  and  Billy  were  drinking  at  a  public-house  at  the  corner  of  Wolfe Wolfestreet,  street, Wolfestreet,  when  Ferguson  went  in  and  asked  the  deceased  for  a  jacket  she  had  belonging  to  Tommy.  She  said  she  had  sold  it;  and  he  then  asked  her  to  go  out  with  him,  when  she  replied  that  she  would  not  go  out  with  such  a  thing  as  he  was.  Some  mare  angry  words  ensued  be between  tween between  them,  but  after  a  time  they  became  more  friendly,  and  she  did  accompany  him  to  her  mother's  abode,  a  cellar  in  Prince  William  street.  At  the  time  they  went  in,  the  mother  of  the  deceased  was  lying  in  one  corner  of  the  room.  As  soon  as  they  got  into  the  house  the  quarrel  was  renewed,  and  some  very  angry  words  passed  between  them,  and  the  deceased  was  soon  after  heard  by  the  mother  to  give  a  faint  cry  out,  when  Ferguson  said,  bless  you;  now  I  will  take  you  to  the  He  was,  as  is  supposed,  in  the  act  of  doing  so,  but  had  not  got  100  yards,  when  she  fell  a  lifeless  corpse  at  his  side.  Information  was  then  given  to  the  police,  who  conveyed  the  body  of  the  deceased  to  the  dead  house.  After  the  deceased  had  expired  Ferguson  rushed  into  the  public  house  where  he  had  left  Williams,  and  stated  what  he  had  done  to  the  girl,  and  also  threatened  to  serve•him  (Williams)  the  same.  The  parties  in  the  house,  not  believing  his  statement,  permitted  him  to  go  away.  The  police,  however,  were  soon  after  him,  and  upon  his  knowing  that  they  were  in  the  street  he  came  out  of  a  cellar  and  said  to  them,  I  will  not  trouble  you  to  search  for  me,  here  I  am,  I  am  the  man  who  did  the  Previous  to  this,  however,  he  had  made  an  attempt  upon  his  own  life.  The  knife  with  which  the  horrible  deed  was  perpetrated  is  a  common  clasp  knife,  the  blade  being  about  three  inches  long,  and  made  like  the  blade  of  a  razor,  tapering  towards  the  closing  point  at  the  haft.  The  instrument  was  very  sharp:  It  was  found  by  Detective-officer  M'Culloch,  in  the  petty  of  the  house,  where  the  prisoner  had  thrown  it  after  he  committed  the  fatal  act.  The  inquest  will  be  held  this  day  (Tuesday),  before  the  borough  coroner.  EXAMIN  ITION  OF  THE  PRISONER,  John  Ferguson,  alias  John  Williams,f,alias  Fagan,  was  put  to  the  bar  at  the  police-court,  on  a  charge  of  wilful  murder,  by  killing  and  slaying  ono  Sarah  Drummond,  in  Prince  William-street,  Park,  by  cutting  her  throat  with  a  knife,  at  six  o'clock  in  the  morning.  The  prisoner  is  scarcely  five  feet  high,  and  dimunitive  in  other  respects  also.  He  is  a  very  ill-looking  person,  of  about  twenty-one  years  of  age.  He  was  born  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Park,  and,  according  to  the  report  of  Inspector  Horn,  has  been  a  thief  from  mere  child childhood.  hood. childhood.  He  has  been  in  gaol  upwards  of  thirty  times,  for  having  robbed  ships,  and  for  other  thefts'about  the  docks.  His  throat,  on  the  left  side,  was  covered  with  sticking  plaster,  as  he  made  an  attempt  to  commit  suicide,  just  at  the  moment  he  was  arrested.  The  prisoner  was  in  custody  of  officer  John  Pharo,  No.  392,  and  M'Culloch  (detective),  who  held  him  by  the  arms,  to  prevent  him  effecting  any  further  injury  to  himself.  He  was  ghastly  pale,  and  this,  added  to  his  naturally  ill-looking  face,  gave  him  a  most  repulsive  appearance.  Inspector  Kehoe  stated  the  charge  against  the  prisoner,  and  said,  as  the  case  was  to  go  before  the  coroner,  ho  requested  a  remand  to  this  day,  as  the  coroner  was  not  able  to  proceed  in  the  case  at  present.  It  was,  he  said,  more  than  suspected  that  the  murder  arose  out  of  the  burglary  case  which  his  wor worship  ship worship  bad  just  before  disposed  ot.  All  he  had  to  do  was  to  ask  for  the  remand.  The  prisoner  was  then,  without  further  remark,  remanded  accordingly.  He  had  al almost  most almost  to  be  carried  out  of  the  court,  as  he  rolled  to  and  fro,  as  if  drunk  ;  but  such  was  not  the  case,  although  ho  had  been  drinking  at  an  early  hour  in  the  morning.  When  he  entered  the  next  court,  in  which  were  several  of  his  comrades  prisoners,  some  of  whom  called  out,  what  did  you  get  he  replied  'as  follows,  and  in  a  brutal  I  will  go  for  assizes  to-morrow  ;  b—y  end  to  them  all,  I  have  only  once  to  die—so  keep  up  your  hearts,  my  He  was  then  re removed  moved removed  in  close  custody.  BURGLARY  BY  TICKET  OF  MEN  ARREST  OF  A  PORTION  OF  A  GANG  OF  ROBBERS,  Three  desperate-looking  fellows,  named  John  M'Bride,  Thomas  Garnett,  and  Robert  Roberts,  the  two  first  transports,  who  returned  about  eight  weeks  ago,  were  brought  up  yester yesterday  day yesterday  rnerninz  before  Mr.  Maxwell,  by  detective  officers  Povey,  Sullivan,  M'Cullough,  and  Horn,  on  a  charge  of  having  broken  into  the  shop  of  Mr.  Robert  Gilbert,  jun.,  grocer  and  pro provision  vision provision  dealer,  Mann-street,  Park.  It  appeared  that  the  prisoners  belong  to  a  desperate  gang  of  town  marauders,  whose  depredations  for  some  time  past  have  caused  much  alarm.  The  returned  convicts,  no  sooner  arrived  in  town,  than  they  joined  their  old  comrades,  and  commenced  a  new  career  of  crime.  The  police  said,  the  murder,  we  this  day  record,  and  which  was  perpetrated  in  the  Park  yesterday  morning,  had  some  connection  with  the  case  now  before  the  court.  It  was  stated,  that  the  person  now  in  custody  on  that  charge,  was  concerned  with  the  prisoners  in  this  robbery,  and  that  the  dispute,  which  led  to  the  tragedy,  arose  out  of  a  feeling  that  the  murdered  woman  was  about  to  that  is,  to  inform  on  the  gang.  In  the  present  case,  from  the  evidence  of  the  officers,  taken  collectively,  it  appeared  that  for  some  weeks  past,  a  number  of  daring  burglaries  and  robberies  had  been  committed  in  the  Park  and  neigh neighbourhood.  bourhood. neighbourhood.  The  police  were  on  the  look-out,  and  on  Saturday  they  received  information,  that  a  public-house  in  Sun-street,  in  the  Park,  was  set—that  is,  marked  out  for  robbery  that  night,  by  the  prisoners  and  their  gang.  About  twelve  o'clock,  the  officers  proceeded  to  Warwick  -street,  where  they  observed  the  prisoners.  They  watched  them  from  12  to  2  o'clock  in  the  morning,  when  the  prisoners  proceeded  to  Mann-street,  where  the  police  still  watched  them.  They  lost  sight  of  thorn  for  a  short  time,  and  as  the  officers  imagined  the  prisoners  had  gone  to  rob  the  public  house  in  Sun-street,  they  pro proceeded  ceeded proceeded  there.  Not  finding  them,  however,  they  again  returned  towards  Mann-street.  On  their  way  they  heard  a  whistle,  and  on  proceeding  to  the  shop  of  Mr.  Gilbert  they  found  the  door  open.  Police-officer  Sullivan  entered,  and  found  the  prisoner  Roberts  in  the  custody  of  a  Mr.  Timothy  Gill,  who  rents  the  house  (the  shop  excepted).  Mr.  Gill  stated  that  he  was  awoke  on  Saturday  night,  and  on  getting  up  he  discovered  some  men  in  'the  back  part  of  the  premises.  He  seized  the  prisoner  Roberts,  but  the  others  got  away.  Two  coats  had  been  removed,  but  they  were  subsequently  found  on  the  stairs.  Sullivan,  on  a  further  search,  discovered  a  pair  of  government  (transport's)  boots,  and  an  odd  boot,  also,  on  the  stairs  of  the  house,  and  a  key  outside  which  opened  the  shop  door.  The  officers,  after  securing  Roberts,  proceeded  to  the  lodgings  of  the  other  prisoners,  situate  in  Clive  and  Henderson  streets,  judging  that  they  would  make  their  appearance  towards  morning.  In  this  they  were  not  deceived,  for  the  prisoners,  Garnett  and  M'Bride  came,  one  without  his  boots,  and  the  other  with  one  boot  only  ;  the  boots  found  in  the  house  in  Mann-street  proved,  on  trial,  ',to  be  the  missing  articles.  This  evidence  was  deemed  conclusive,  and  do  prisoners  were  fully  committed  for  trial  at  the  assizes.  POLICE  COUNT.-YESTERDAY.  (BEFORE  MR.  G.  MAXWELL.)  BURGLARY.—John  Woods,  a  labourer,  about  26  years  of  age,  was  charged  with  having  broken  into  the  house  of  Samuel  Greet',  Harding-street,  Windsor.  Mrs.  Green  said  she  went  to  bed  at  ten  o'clock  on  Saturday  night,  having  fastened  up  the  house  as  usual.  About  midnight  she  heard  the  grid  of  the  area  raised,  and  some  one  go  into  the  cellar.  She  called  a  lodger  in  the  house,  who,  having  produced  a  light,  went  into  the  cellar,  where  he  found  the  prisoner,  'whom  he  instantly  seized.  The  prisoner  coolly  asked  him  if  John  Green  lived  there  The  inquiry  was  answered,  and  the  prisoner  handed  over  to  the  police.  In  reply  to  the  magistrate.  Mrs.  Green  said  the  grid  was  fastened  when  she  retired.  The  prisoner  had  not  taken  any  thing,  for,  in  fact,  he  had  not  time.  The  prisoner  now  said,  he  went  into  the  cellar  out  of  the  cold,  as  the  night  was  very  inclement.  The  magistrate  cautioned  the  prisoner,  as  to  his  future  conduct,  and  discharged  him.  THE  HORSE  TRlM—Charles  Williams,  who  stood  remanded  on  a  charge  of  having  swindled  a  farmer,  named  Woods,  out  of  .£lO,  for  a  horse,  was  again  brought  up.  This  case  was  fully  reported  in  our  paper  of  this  day  week.  The  prisoner  was,again STYLE=superscript  remanded.  AN  OLD  Traci(  REVlVED.—Patrick  Boyle  was  charged  with  having  swindled  a  Mrs.  Mary  Thomas,  by  per.  striding  her  to  purchase  a  valuable  black  silk  handker handkerchief  chief handkerchief  for  le.  He  had  a  really  good  handkerchief  tied  up  nicely  in  paper,  and  he  sold  it  to  her  for  Is,  but  after  the  bargain  had  been  concluded,  he STYLE=superscript  managed  to  change  the  package  for  one  which  was  similar  in  form,  bnt  which  proved  to  be  some  old  paper.  He  was  remanded.  (BEFORE  MESSRS•  .BENN  AND  MAXWELL.)  Mrs.  Alcoek,  of  Lord  Nelson-street,  charged  her  hus husband,  band, husband,  John  Alcoa,  with  having  assaulted  her.  It  appeared  that  the  defendant  bad  already  suffered  three  months'  imprisonmeza  for  a  like  offence,  and  that  he  was  in  the  habit  of  ill-treating  his  wife  when  he  got  drunk,  which,  it  would  seem,  was  frequently.  The  complain:.  in  the  p  resent  case  was  prov  ed  by  Mrs.  Al  coc  k  and  her  servant.  The  defendant  asked  for  a  postpone postponement,  ment, postponement,  on  the  ground  that  he  was  sorry  for  what  he  had  done,  but  their  worships  round,  and  OCIlt  11  .  1411  V)  g3Ol  Fgtin  fcir  Ouse  Uloaa"
