text
"k  to  a  solicitor  in  Bpdford  About  half-past  nine  (witness)  entered  1,  and  was  '  preenetling  n  Red  I  Inn•sgm  Gray's  Ted'  31  [-stk  After  he  pagse4  FeitA  of  ITind-c  on  iho  mop  is  had  to  side  ourt  a  Bedford  -ro  a  deformed  man,  He  walked  across  Bedford-  Instead  of  entering  Bed  ford fordthe  the fordthe  railings  at  the  cc  it  towa  towards  them  n  a  way  t  He  then  put  I  t  in,Tuced  ,er,  and  Stoixl  shand  in  his  to  think  he-;;  ,h  to  be  obs  Id  concealedit  aue:h  and  the  man  were  b  9  man  exclaini,  did  you  'rob  r  time  his  arm  was  extended,  ed  something  glistening  like  brass.  yards  he  saw  a  flash  and  heard  a  The  Coroner  said  he  had  made  an  application  to  tie  Secretary  of  State  for  the  Home  department  that  the  prisoner  might  be  placed  before  him,  undertaking  that  he  should  be  returned  in  safe  custody  to  the  House  of  Deten Detention  tion Detention  by  three  o'clock.  He  had  not,  however,  received  any  rh.  Foreman  of  the  Jury  said  he  could  hardly  see  how  r.  The  last  witness  -  -  do  on  without  the  prison  entifv  ti  d  he,  was  murderer.  He  trgsted  'oroner  would  grant  an  adj  ourn  me  The  Coroner  having  consulted  the  j  ur  y,  an  d  ascerta  i  ned  that  they  „  _  an  .  were  unanimously  and  strongly  of  opinion  that  the  prisoner  should  be  brought  before.  them,  said  he  had  no  'alternative  but  to  adjourn,  and,  after  some  discussion,  Monday  next  was  fixed  for  the  resumption  of  the  inquiry.  Just.  prior  to  the  adjournment  Mr.  Mitchell,  a  solicitor,  said,  that  having.  been  a  partner  of  the  late  Mr.  Waugh,  he  was  anxious  to  correct  some  erroneous  statements  which  had  gone  forth  tending  to  injure  his  memory.  -  He-had  prepared  a  statement,  which  he  b.  , STYLE=superscript  gged  the  coroner  would  allow  him  to  read.  The  Coroner  said  that  it  would  be  irregular  in  the  present  state  of  the  proceedings,  but  he  had  no  doubt  that  if  Mr.  Mitchell  handed  his  statement  to  the  reporters,  they  would  gladly  give  it  insertion.  Mr.  Mitchell  said  he  would  adopt  that  course,  and  handed  to  the  preis  a  most  confused  and  illegible  document,  of  which  the  following  is  the  best  translation  that  can  be  made:-  _  _  I,  Henry  Sadler  Mitchell,  of  5,  Great  Present-street,  Goodman's-fields,  vestry  clerk  of  the  parish  'of  St.  Marv,  Whitecbapel,  state  that  I  was  on  terms  of  very  great  inti intimacy  macy intimacy  with  the  late  Mr.  Waugh,  with  whom  I  was  n  partner  for  seven  years,  expiring  in  March  last.  That  I  was  on  terms  of  great  intimacy  with  his  family,  and  was  during  the  partnership  a  constant  visitor  at  his  house,  occasionally  so  since  the  partnership.  That  I  was  well  acquainted  with  the  transactions  between  the  deceased  and  the  prisoner.  That  the  deceased,  as  the  solicitor,  and  his  family,  some  two  or  three  years  ago  instituted  a  snit  in  Chancery,  and  by  his  ability  and  perseverance  gained  for  them  an  estate  worth  several  thousands  of  pounds.  That  attempts  were  made  to  sell  the  property,  which  were  greatly  frustrated  by  the  extraordinary  conduct  of  the  prisoner,  much  to  the  annoyance  of  some,  if  not  of  all  the  rest,  of  the  family.  That  at  length  the  prisoner  was  induced  —insult  to  sell  his  share  of  the  property  to  some  of  the  rest  of  his  family,  and  Monday  last  was  appointed  for  the  completion  of  the  transaction  ;  but  again  owing  to  the  , STYLE=superscript  xtraordinary  conduct  of  the  prisoner,  although  the  money  arniqhed  to  Mr.  Waugh  was  ready  before,  it  could  not  settled.  That  ti  , STYLE=superscript  deceased  had  advanced  the  prisoner  , STYLE=superscript  neys  on  account  of  his  share,  and  had  throughout  the  -tion  acted  with  great  kindness  and  forbearance  to toglthough  glthough toglthough  he  had  been  greatly  provoked  by  him,  prisoner's  ' STYLE=superscript  n  is  ;eased  a  Bed  hro'irht  him  before  a  the  charge  severely  are,  but  as  Mr.  Waugh  did  not  pre,.  o.riin3t  him,  the  magistrate  discharged  him  ,without  corn  nellino•  him  to  enter  into  his  recognizance,  nn  his  giving  an  assurance  that  he  would  not  again  annoy  Mr.  Waugh.  That  I  have  every  reason  4o  believe  that  Mr.  Waugh  did  not  press  the  charge  against  him  out  of  motives  of  kind kindness,  ness, kindness,  fearing  that  if  called  upon  to  enter  into  recognizarces  he  would  not  be  able  to  find  a  surety,  and  would  ho  incar incarcerated,  cerated, incarcerated,  perhaps,  for  some  considerable  time.  That  the  -  —6dp  by  the  nrisbner  when  taken  into  custody,  ^r  cheated  him  out  of  I  am  ind  was  t  to  the  memory  of  my  dc  3ted  to  a  solicitor  fo  the,  late  Mr.  Waii2l  hearted  fri  9.11  extensive  bus  , STYLE=superscript  ss,  was  le,  and  had  no  motive  one  shilling  he  was  re  this  statement  out  d  friend,  which  may  tne  statements  of  the  prisoner.  I  may  sap,  that  I  know  him  to  have  been  a  good  husband,  indulgent  father,  and  a  generous  and  warm-  SPRING  CIRCUITS  OF  THE  JUDGI  T_,'S  FOR  --4,,_..__  •  On  Thursday  the  Judges  met  in  the  Exchequer  Chamber  for  the  nuOose  of  arranging  and  finally  determining  the  several  circuits  upon  which  they  would  proceed  to  hold  the  general  assize  for  the  several  counties  throughout  England  and  Wales.  The  following  are  the  arrangements  finally  agreed  NORTHERN  CIRCUIT.—Judges  the  Hon.  Mr.  Baron  Mar Martin,  tin, Martin,  and  the  Hon.  Mr.  Justice  Willes.  WESTERN  CIRCUIT.—Judges,  the  Hon.  Mr.  Baron  Platt,  and  the  Hnn.  Mr.  Justicc  Crowder.  Noun(  WALES  AND  CHESTER.—Mr.  Justice  Erie  will  proceed  on  this  circuit,  and  meet  Mr.  Justice  Williams  at  Chester.  SOUTH  WALES.  --Judge,  the  Hon.  Mr.  Justice  V.  Williams.  MIDLAND  Ctuctar.—Judges  the  Right  Hon.  Lord  Campbell,  and  the  Lord  Chief  Baron  of  the  Exchequer.  NORFOLK  CI STYLE=superscript  RCUIT.—Judges.  the  Right  Hon.  Sir  John  John  Jervis,  and  the  Hon.  Mr.  Justice  Wightman.  HOME  CIRCUIT.  —Judges,  the  Hon.  Mr.  Baron  Alderson,  and  the  Hon.  Mr.  Justice  Coleridge.  OXFORD  Czacurr.--Judges,  the  Hon.  Mr.  Justice  Cress Cresswell  well Cresswell  and  the  new  Baron  of  the  Exchequer,  Mr.  Baron  Bramwell.  Mr.  Justice  Crompton  will  remain  in  town  as  the  Vaca Vacation  tion Vacation  Judge.  At.:Kertell,  an  attack  was  expected  from  the  Russians.  The  Hon.  A.  C.  Murray  left  Teheran  on  the  sth  of  December.  There  is  no  additional  news  in  the  Continental  jour journals  nals journals  or,  correspondence  received  yesterday.  The  Paris  correspo  n  d  en  t  o  f  the  Times  reports,  that  at  a  re reeen!ion  een!ion reeen!ion  at  the,  Court  of  Vienna  on  the  9th  lust,  the  Panpet:or  Franctsloseph  declared  t  o  a  mem  i  rr  of  the  Diplotnatic  Corps,  that  the  moment  had  at  last  arrived,  to  getout  of  the  situation  they  were  in,  one  way  or  another;  and  to  the  Swedish  Minister  he  observed,  that  the  treaty  of  his  government  NNith  France  and  England  had  produced  the  greatest  effect  at  St.  Petersburg,  and  would  be  powerful  in  hastening  the  termination  of  the  crisis.  ALLEGED  Mtranzn.—On  Wednesday  Mr.  Carter,  coro coroner  ner coroner  for  East  Surrey,  opened  an  inquest  at  the  Crooked  Billet,  Ham,  on  the  bodies  of  Mate  Ann  Peacock,  a  widow,  lately  resident  at  Kingston,  and  Eliza  Peacbdk,  her  youngest  child,  aged  between  two  and  three  years.  It  appeared  that  two  men,  named  Jackson  and  Ford,  were  in  custody  on  suspicion  of  having  caused  the  death  of  the  deceased  by  drowning.  Jackson  is  the  captain,  and  Ford  the  mate,  of  a  barge  plying  between  Kingston  and  London.  Several  witnesses  having  been  examined,  the  inquiry  was  adjourned.  The  evidence,  so  far  as  it  extended,  showed  that  Ford  was  improperly  in!imate  with  the  elder  deceased,  who  occasionally  visited  him  in  his  barge  at  night,  returning  about  two  or  three  in  the  morning.  On  Monday  se'nnight,  Ford  went  to  her  house  about  tea-time,  when  a  man  named  Elammerton  was  there.  Ford,  apparently  displeased  at  his  visits,  ordered  him  to  leave  at  once.  Hammerton,  who  taught  the  deceased  wr  iti  ng  ,  l  e  f  t  soon  a  f  terwards,  and  Ford  then  press  e  d  t  h  e  e  ld  er  d  ecease  d  t  o  go  to  the  barge.  She  declined  f  or  a  l  ong  t  i  me;  but  about  t  en  o'clock  she  fetchedi!h  Ford  down  w  t  h  h  o  e  u  r  t  hnchildr  bonnet,  from  saying  upstai  that  she  wouldr  s,  a  n  d  went  out  w  return  borne  shortly.  The  deceased  and  her  child  were  subsequently  seen  at  an  early  hour  on  Tuesday  morning  on  board  the  barge,  but  they  were  never  seen  alive  after  that  lime.  The  prisoners  have  made  s'atements  widely  different  from  each  other  ;  and  Ford  told  the  police  authorities  that  he  never  knew  anything  of  the  deceased,  and  had  never  been  in  her  company.  The  woman  and  I  :  her  child  w  ere  found  in  the  canal  on  Sunday  last,  On  Thursday,  long  before  the  time  appointed  for  the  corn  mencement  of  the  service,  usual  in  matrimonial  cases,  the  doors  of  the  Chapel  Royal,  Whitehall,  'were  besieged  by  ladies  of  aristocratic  family,  anxious  to  witness  the  iaEre  of  Sir  Robert  Peel,  Bart.,  M  Emily'Hay,  youngest  d  I  marr  The  nup  Is  were  c  tiiiguished  circle  of  th  Duchess  of  ter  of  the.Mlrquis  of  Twee Twee[ebrated  [ebrated Twee[ebrated  by  the  Dean  of  Nor_  )bility,  including  the  Duke  and  Fred.  Peel,  'Lord  and  La  corn,  I  Lady  Villiers  weedale,  Right  lion  Elizabeth  Steel,  L"
