text
"Astrologer,  (ss)  hence,  and  left  for  Malt  (ss)  Bell,  hence,  and  left  for  Con  Fidelia,  hence,  and  Cadiz,  at  Gannet,  (ss)  hence,  at  Lisbon,  City  .  of  Lincoln  Chipman,  18th  ;  England  ;  Lady  Shelbourn  and  John  Peile,  24th  Angus  BEAUMARIS,  Ist  October.—  Alexandria,  arrived  here  on  th  ..  ;  and  Tenerife  both  at  Gibraltar.  I-1,  16th  August;  Ward  22nd:  all  for  Chimborazo  it,  for  Chinchas  ;  'he  George,  from  Liverpool  to'  27th,  having  sprung  her  fore-,  mast,  &amp;c.  ;  has  been  surveye  :I  will  return  &amp;  Liverpool  for  repairs.  LISBON,  Sept  declare  Newcastle  to  be  a  suspectec'•  one,  in  consequence  of  advices  received  here  from  the  Portuguese  Consul,  dated  the  19th,  by  the  steamer;  Gannet.  It  is  expected  tl  quent  to  that  date,  will  1,  —The  B  'd  of  Health  is  about  OP  and  has  decreed  Liverpooa  i  infected  p  vessels  lettvir.  Liverpool,  subse-  to  quarantine  in  Portu  guese  ports,  and  cargoes  lam  The  Warrior,  for  Austra  been  ordered  back  to  Englax  a  put  into  this  port,  has.  AMSTERDAM,  ISt  October.—A  bottle  was  washed  on  shore  at  Niemo  Diep,  29th  September,  containing  a  letter  from  Mr  Scott,  master  of  the  Guardian,  from  Bahia,  to  this  port  stating  that  that  vessel  was  in  a  sir  GOTTIIENDURG,  24th  Sent  A.  Finnish  brig,  laden  with  ,nded  on  the  Scau,  and  an  tar,  is  reported  to  have  bee  English  brig  on  the  reef,  wi  Report  of  the  Phcebe,  from  Smyrna,  &amp;c.,  at  Liverpool  :  On  the  17th  Sept.  spoke  the  American  barque,  Race  Horse,  going  into  Smyrna;  same  time,  the  schooner,  Friah,  of  Lon London  don London  ;  same  time,  Messrs.  Burns  and  M'lver's  screw  steamer,  Teneriffe,  was  coming  out.  On  28th  Sept.,  in  the  Straits  of  Gibraltcr,  spoke  the  British  brig,  Eleanor  Grace.  The  schooner,  Triton,  of  Yarmouth,  bound  eastward.  CLYDE  SKIPPING  litnn,  and  Adelaide  ARDROSSAN,  OCT.  3.  Cann,  Cann,  both  sailed  for  Boston,  U.  S  Clare,  Pinkey,  from  St.  John's  N.  B.  at  Ayr,  October  3  Funchall,  Gordon  for  Labrador,  at  Greenock,  'Dekker  3  Agnes  Sophia,  Shanks,  put  back  October  4th  leaky,  :  a  4  will  have  to  discharge  at  Greenock.  Brenda,  M‘Leod,  sailed  for  Demerara,  October  3.  QUEENSTOWN  (CORK),  OCT.  3  ARRlVED.—frights,  Smart,  from  Odessa;  Nicola  Uerr  Aleighhan,  Galati  ;—off  Naramissie  from  New  York.  SAILED.—AnIy  Ann,  from  Liverpool  for  Montreal;  , STYLE=superscript  Amelia,  Cardiff,  for  Barcelona.  THE  COU.R7  BALMORAL,  (  Her  Majesty,  with  the  P  drove  yesterday  to  Invercauld,  ti  Mrs.  Farquharson.  The  Vicountess  Cannin  o  dance  on  her  Majesty.  _  )yal  and  Princess  Alice,  residence  of  Mr.  and  was  in  atten-  His  Royal  Highness  Prince  Albert  went  out  deer-stalking.  The  dinner  party  yesterday  included  her  Royal  Highness  the  Duchess  of  Kent  and  suite  from  Abergeldie.  CHOLERA  (FROM  THE  GENERAL  BOARD  OF  HEALTH,  WHITEHALL)  IS  eweastle-upon-Tyne,  Oct.  2  :  Deaths  Cholera  Diarrhcea  1  On  Saturday,  there  were  also  186  cases  of  diarrhea  re reported,  ported, reported,  eight  approaching  to  cholera;  and  on  Sunday,  ther9  were  127  cases  of  diarrhoea,  six  approaching  to  cholera.  The  total  number  of  deaths  from  cholera  and  diarrhoea  io  Newcastle  during  the  present  outbreak  has  been  1,392.  10  the  same  period  (viz.,  the  first  32  days),  during  the  prevalence  of  epidemic  cholera  there,  in  1831-32,  the  number  of  deaths  was  233.  Gateshead,  Oct.,  2  Cholera  The  number  of  cases  of  diarrhoea  reported  during  the  day  has  been  212,  of  which  11  were  approaching  to  cholera.  The  total  number  of  deaths  from  cholera  and  diarrhoea  in  Gateshead  up  to  the  present  date  has  been  385.  During  the  like  period  (viz.,  the  first  ?6-days),  in  1831-32,  the  deaths  amounted  to  139.  Deaths"
