text
"THE  COTTON  SPINNERS'  PR  BS'  2'  ON.  TURN-OUT  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  According  to  the  present  aspect  of  the  turn-out,  there  .does  not  seem  to  be  the  slightest  probability  of  a  settlement  of  the'dispute  between  the  masters  and  the  men  for  some  time  Yesterday  a  large  mcetinG  , STYLE=superscript  of  the  turn-outs  w  as  h  e  ld  on  the  Marsh,  a  n  i  mmense  plot  of  land,  about  a  mile  from  the  town.  It  was  calculated  that,  at  various  parts  of  the  day,  the  number  present  would  range  from  10,000  t  o  15,000.  The  meeting  was  ra  th  er  a  general  gathering  of  the  hands,  than  one  convened  for  any  special  object.  No  formal  reso resolutions  lutions resolutions  were  passed,  but  the  meeting  was  addressed  during  the  day  by  several  speakers,  who  urged  upon  all  present  the  desirability  of  union  and  firmness,  and  earnestly  called  upon  them  to  endure  any  amount  of  pecuniary  and  physical  suffering,  rather  than  submit  to  what  they  designated  the  tyrannical  and  despotic  requirements  of  the  employers.  Amongst  the  speakers  was  Mr.  Swinglehurst,  who  stated  that  he  was  at  Blackburne  on  Tuesday  night.  There  was  a  great  meeting  of  the  hands  there,  who  expressed  their  deter determination  mination determination  to  support  the  Preston  Spinners  in  the  present  struggle,  to  the  utmost  of  their  power.  He,  therefore,  urged  upon  them  to  be  firm  and  hold  out,  and  they  might  rely  upon  it  that  they  would  ultithately  compel  the  masters  to  yield  to  all  their  demands.  During  Tuesday  and  yesterday,  the  committee  of  oper operatives  atives operatives  connected  with  the  union,  sat  at  the  Temperance  Hall,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  down  the  names  of  all  those  who  have  now  become  chargeable  to  the  relief  fund,  in  con consequence  sequence consequence  of  the  lock  on  Saturday.  For  the  last  two  or  three  weeks,  the  allowance  to  the  weavers,  (now  some  weeks  out)  from  the  union  funds,  has  been  about  an  aver average  age average  of  six  shillings  per  week  per  man,  but  it  was  confidently  stated  in  Preston  yesterday,  that,  in  consequence  of  the  immense  increase  of  spinners  now  on  the  books,  by  the  simultaneous  closing  of  all  the  mills  on  Saturday  last,  the  average  allowance  to  be  paid  at  the  end  of  the  present  week  will  . STYLE=superscript  not  be  more  than  two  shillings  or  half-a-crown  a  head,  unless  there  is  a  considerable  increase  in  the  amount  of  subscriptions  sent  in  from  the  other  manufacturing  towns  in  the  county;  and  this  is  rendered  exceedingly  improbable,  as  it  is  believed,  the  turn-out  will  extend  to  several  other  places  in  a  week  or  two.  We  understand,  that  to-morrow  week,  no  less  than  sixty  mills  in  Burnley  will  be  closed,  under  circumstances  precisely  s  i  m  il  ar  t  o  those  which  have  caused  the  masters  in  Preston  to  close  theirs.  The•  matter  is  beginning  to  be  viewed  by  all  classes  in  one  of  the  most  serious  concern,  and  the  roomiest  apprehensions  a  re  entertained  as  to  the  conse consequences,  quences, consequences,  .by  tradesmen,  shopkeepers,  and  others  vitally  interested.  F  rom  i  n  f  orma  ti  on  obtained  by  our  reporter  yesterday,  it  appears  that  so  indignant  are  the  masters  at  the  violent  language  used  towards  them  by  the  operatives  at  their  various  public  meetings,  that  they  will  not  only  not  consent  to  re-open  their  mills  until  the  men  have  with withdrawn  drawn withdrawn  themselves  from  the  union,  but,  further;:  that  trade  being  how  so  gloomy,  they  are  contemplating  keeping  them  closed  for  at  least  several  weeks,  and  one  of  the  masters,  (a  very  extensive  spinner,)  yesterday  remarked  to  our  reporter's  informant,  that  he  hoped  the  millS  would  nz,t  be  re-opened  during  the  present  year,  and  that  he,  for  one,  was  resolved  not  to  open  his  establishment  before  Jaauary  next.  Should  this  feeling  prove  general  on  the  part  of  the  mill-owners,  the  misery  and  suffering  which  this  unfortu unfortunate  nate unfortunate  dispute  will  ..entail  upon  the  operatives,  during  the  ensuing  winter,  may  be  more  easily  conceived  than  expressed.  The  walls  of  the  town  are  thickly  placarded  with  docu documents  ments documents  referring  to  the  dispute,  some  of  them  in  favour  of  the  operatives,  and  others  against  them,  and  fresh  announcements  are  hourly  appearing.  Yesterday  a  large  placard  was  issued  on  behalf  of  the  men,  headed  To  the  Public-Cause  of  the  and  signed  by  George  Cowell,  the  secretary  to  the  Operative  Weaver's  Association.  This  document  professes  to  be  a  clear  and  concise  history  of  the  rise,  progress,  and  present  position  of  this  unfortunate  It  states  that  up  to  the  Ist  of  June  in  the  pre present  sent present  year,  the  weavers  had  no  combination  or  organization,  and  that  the  foundation  of  that  organization,  which  the  masters  now  so  much  dread  arose  in  consequence  of  several  of  the  weavers  being  from  their  employment,  and  thrown  upon  the  wide  world  to  because  they  asked  for  an  advance  of  10  per  cent  on  the  price  of  weaving  all  fabrics  of  cloth.  It  then  details  the  negotiations  which  afterwards  took  place  between  the  masters  and  men,  and  states  that  o  n  the  termination  of  th  e  St  oc  k  por  t  s  t  r  ik  e,  the  masters  in  Pres Preston,  ton, Preston,  with  the  exception  of  six  or  seven  hands,  agreed  to  give  the  10  per  cent  advance,  and  that  every  thing  was  settling  down  harmoniously,  when  the  15th  of  September,  a  bill  appeared  on  the  walls„  signed  by  thirty-five  manufacturers,  announcing  their  intention  to  close  their  mills  in  one  month,  unless  those  now  on  strike  are  prepared  to  resume  work,  and  a  better  understanding  is  established  between  the  em employer  ployer employer  and  The  document  .then  refers  to  the  proposals  made  by  the  men  to  the  masters,  with  a  view  to  come  to  some  amicable  arrangement,  all  which  proposals  had  been  rejected'  by  the  masters,  their  only  answer  being  that  associated  masters  did  not  recognize  the  committee  of  workmen  and  after  stating  that  all  efforts  on  the  part  of  the  men  to  terminate  the  dispute  had  been  fruitless,  the  placard  thus  concludes  :  •‘  I  have  now  performed  my  task  ;  you  have  now  before  you  a  clear  statement  of  facts,  which  cannot  be  controverted;  every  step  taken  has  been  to  conciliate,  but  how  has  that  conciliation  been  met?  Let  the  above  facts  rnswer.  And  now,  on  this  17th  day  of  October,  1853,  nearly  20,000  of  our  population  are  already  in  the  streets;  not  idle  and  dissolute  characters,  for  mark  you,  the  President  of  the  Masters'  Association,  Thomas  Miller,  Esq.,  has  publicly  declared  •  that  they  are  the  best  work  people  in  Lancashire.'  An  act  unprecedented  in  history,  save  by  the  Millowners  of  Preston  ;  an  act  of  despotism  which  has  roused  the  virtuous  indignation  of  all  classes  in  every  town  and  city,  not  only  in  England,  but  throughout  Europe;  yea,  the  feeling  of  execration  has  already  penetrated  to  the  southern  and  far  west  States  of  America,  and  resounded  back,  that  they  find  no  parallel  to  it  in  the  history  of  the  much.  sympathized.  with  negro  slave,  and  despised  slave  owners.  In  conclusion,  I  beg  publicly  to  state,  that  the  questions  in  dispute  are  still  open  to  negotiation  ;  that  the  committee  will  abide  by  any  proposals  that  have  been  made  by  them,  or  that  may  emanate  from  any  other  party  likely  to  lead  to  au  amicable  Preston,  a  THE  RECORDER  ON  THE  DISPUTE.  Yesterday,  the  Quarter  Sessions  at  Preston  commenced,  and  in  his  charge  to  the  Grand  Jury,  the  Recorder,  T.  B.  Addison,  Esq.,  alluded  to  this  unfortunate  dispute  in  the  following  terms  :  Gentlemen,  I  won't  detain  you  further,  except  to  allude  to  a  circumstance  which  has  attracted  so  much  of  our  .attention,  that  to  pass  it  over  entirely  without  notice,  would  scarcely  be  justifiable  :  I  mean  the  unfortunate  breach  of  confidence  and  of  good  feeling  that  prevails  in  our  own  district,  between  the  principal  manufacturers  and  the  operatives  in  their  employ,  and  which  is  leading  to  a  suspension  of  their  previous  amicable  relations,  and  to  an  entire  stoppage  for,  the  present,  of  work  in  a  class  of  very  great  magnitude.  'We  cannot  look  at  such  an  interruption  without  apprehension  and  without  great  regret,  because  we  know  it  must  lead  to  very  great  loss  and  suffering— sufferingto  to sufferingto  great  loss  on  the  part  of  the  manufacturers,  and  to  great  suffering  on  the  part  of  the  work-people  and  their  families  ;  and  we  know  that  such  loss  and  suffering  has  a  natural  tend tendency  ency tendency  to  produce  crime,  and  that  it  will  make  the  duties  of  Quarter  Sessions,  in  all  probability,•heavier  for  some  time  to  come.  We  all  regret  that  we  are  obliged  to  confine  ourselves  to  good  wishes  that  this  calamity  may  cease  from  amongst  us,  because  I  do  not  see  in  what  manner  it  is  possible  to  interfere,  with  anything  like  authority,  in  the  making  of  those  contracts  which  must  necessarily  be  voluntarily  entered  into  by  both  parties.  'We  cannot  compel  the  workman  to  labour.  He  labours  for  hiS  own  benefit,  for  the  support  of  himself  and  family.  If  he  does  not  choose  to  labour,  we  may  regret  it,and  we  may  think  him  ill-advised,  but  it  is  not  in  our  power  to  put  conpulsion  upon  him,  neither  on  the  other  hand,  can  we  compel--nor  indeed  is  it  desirable  that  the  law  should  compel—the  master  manufacturer  (if  he  may  be  so  called)  to  carry  on  a  trade  which  he,  in  his  own  judgment,  does  not  find  it  desirable  to  carry  on.  We  may  be  sure  that  he  does  not  stop  his  works,  that  he  does  not  allow  his  capital  to  remain  unemployed,  that  he  does  not  forego  the  profit  which  his  trade  would  produce  him,  voluntarily  ;  but  that  he  does  so  from  a  necessity  of  which  he  is  the  judge,  and  in  which  it  is  not  for  other  persons  to  interfere  or  to  tell  him  that  he  forms  a  mistaken  judgment.  -With  regard  to  both  parties  therefore,  we  may  regret  the  difficulties,  the  loss,  an&amp;  the  suffering  that  are  brought  upon  them,  but  we  must,  I  fear,  leave  them  to  their  own  good  sense  and  good  feeling  to  renew  the  former  bet better  ter better  and  happier  condition  of  things,  and  must  confine  ourselves  to  good  wishes  that  that  may  again  take  place  at  as  early  a  period  as  possible,  at  the  same  time  that  we  look  with  increased  care  and  increased  energy  to  the  maintenance  of  peace  and  good  order,  to  the  utmost  of  our  M.  KOSSUTH  ON  THE  FOREIGN  POLICY  OF  ENO ENOLAND.—In  LAND.—In ENOLAND.—In  replying  to  an  invitation  to  attend  a  public  meeting,  at  Stafford,  on  Monday  next,  to  memorialize  her  Majesty  on  the  Russian  invasion  ofthe  Turkish  provinces,  M.  Kossuth  makes  a  fierce  attack  on  the  foreign  policy  of  this  country,  with  reference  to  Aust  r  i  a  an  d  R  ussia.  H  e  says  :--  In  ana!lyzing  the  conduct  of  the  English  Government  during  the  present  crisis,  it  is  impossible  not  to  come  to  the  conclu conclusion  sion conclusion  that  it  is  not  so  much  either  by  fear  from,  or  by  a  par particular  ticular particular  predilection  for,  Russia,  that  the  English  Govern Government  ment Government  has  until  now  rather  served  than  checked  Russia's  am ambitious  bitious ambitious  designs  ;  but  that  it  is  rather  for  fear  test,  by  en encouraging  couraging encouraging  Turkey  to  legitimate  resistance,  an  opportunity  might  be  offered  to  some  successful  popular  rising  .  in  other  quarters.  I  have,  indeed,  no  hesitation  in  saying  that  the  policy  of  England  has  long  since  been  Russian  in  its  results,  though  not  Russian  in  its  motives  ;  it  has  been  worsc,  it  has  been  anti-liberal  in  principle.  Kossuth  in  proof  of  this  statement,  says  that  in  1848,  when  Russia  interfered  against  the  popular  movement  in  Moldo-Wallachia  by  armed  invasion,  and  thus  prepared  the  way  for  the  subsequent  intervention  in  Hungary,  as  well  as  for  the  present  occu occupation  pation occupation  of  the  principalities,  England  did  not  oppose  it.  Soon  after,  Russia  interfered  by  arms  in  Hungary,  and  gained  by  it  an  awful  preponderance  throughout  the  con continent  tinent continent  of  Europe.  The  Government  of  England  had  nothing  to  object  to  it.  he  says,  once  more,  the  Danubian  principalities  are  occupied,  and  their  resources  made  subservient  to  Russia  in  her  hostility  against  the  legitimate  suzerain  of  those  provinces  '  •  and,  again,  the  EnglishiGovernment  is  g  u  ilty,  b  e  f  ore  God  and  the  world,  of  having  :permitted  such  piracy  to  be  perpetrated  without"
