text
"iNTmnst  TAKING  IN  ONE  OF  THE  Jr/  Sweene/  y,  who  is  generally  believed  to  be  one  4-,512,  , STYLE=superscript  .  %-o  3  g  called  Dale-street  was  brought  ••0.  by  police-officer  56,  with  obtaining  money  u  t  e  - STYLE=superscript  r  - STYLE=superscript  I  .  f  kwa  is  qr,fr,:r  .eari  pretences,  Michael  Vaughan,  a  soldier  belonging  to  the  82nd,  stated  that  he  arrived  from  the  city  of  Glasgow,  and  having  to  wait  for  the  packet  to  Wales,  where  he  was  about  to  visit  his  family,  he  fell  in  with  the  defendant,  who  invited  him  to  go  to  a  public-house  to  look  at  some  smuggled  tobacco.  When  they  got  there  no  tobacco  was  produced,  but  a  China  shawl,  valued  at  £l5,  was  offered  him,  but  he  did  not  pur purchase  chase purchase  it;  but  he  did  purchase  a  chain,  which  was  represented  as  gold,  and  some  jewellery  which  was  not  worth  a  half halfpenny.  penny. halfpenny.  The  defendant  denied  that  he  had  said  the  articles  were  gold.  The  magistrate  thought  the  plaintiff  ought  to  have  known  better  than  to  be  thus  taken  in,  as  he  could  not  get  a  gold  chain  for  ss.  Plaintiff  :  I  bought  three  lots  at  ss.  each  lot.  Magistrate  :  You  ought  to  know  better.  The  case  is  dis dismissed.  missed. dismissed.  Mr.  Clough  :  Soldier—here,  take  away  your  jewellery.  (Laughter.)  The  soldier  made  a  quick  exit,  ROBBERY  BY  A  PUBLIC  OFFICER.—A  man  named  Cornish,  who  was  placed  in  the  premises  lately  on  fire  in  Mill-street,  the  property  of  Mr.  Evans,  was  charged  by  Inspector  Tom Tomlinson  linson Tomlinson  with  stealing  :everal  pieces  of  cloth  from  the  premises  he  was  watching.  The  prisoner  acknowledged  the  offence,  and  as  his  employer  did  not  wish  to  press  the  charge  he  was  only  committed  for  two  months.  Mary  Burke  was  committed  for  14  days  _for  sts.l;-,  goose  from  Mr.  James  Quin.  St  t. STYLE=superscript  uz.LICANS  CASES.  ,:atherine  Browne,  keeper  of  a  public-house  in  Denison Denisonstreet,  street, Denisonstreet,  was  summoned  for  a  violation  of  the  act  on  last  Sunday.  Police-officer  165  stated,  that  at  a  quarter  before  eleven  o'clock  on  last  Sunday  morning  he  observed  a  cab  standing  opposite  the  defendant's  door.  In  a  few  minutes  he  saw  the  cabman  come  out  of  the  front  door,  and  a  woman  come  out  of  the  back  door  with  a  jug  of  ale  in  her  hand.  He  then  went  into  the  shop  and  saw  four  parties  there  drinking.  Mr.  Owen  appeared  for  the  defendant.  He  admitted  that,  as  the  officer  stated,  four  persons  were  drinking  at  the  coun counter,  ter, counter,  but  they  were  a  wedding  party,  and  it  would  be  mon monstrous,  strous, monstrous,  indeed,  if  in  the  19th  century  a  wedding  party  were  not  to  bo  allnwpd  a  little  refreshment.  (Laughter.)  As  to  the  woman,  who  was  aliegeo,  cu  La.o  ...Tno  nut  of  the  back  door,  that  must  have  been  a  mistake.  The  woman  came  from  the  adjoining  house,  where  she  had  been  to  borrow  some  ale  for  her  mistress.  The  officer  here  stated  that  on  the  woman  seeing  him  she  threw  away  the  ale.  A  man  of  the  name  of  Sutton  was  examined,  and  he  bore  out  Mr.  Owen's  statement.  He  it  was  who  was  married  on  that  morning,  and  having  called  at  the  house  to  see  a  friend  who  was  lodging  there,  he  conceived  that  he  might  without  risk  treat  them.  The  defendant  was  fined  £1  4s.  6d.  ;  but  a  note  was  made  by  the  magistrate  that  it  should  not  mitigate  against  her.  Thomas  Petrie  ,  keeper  of  an  eating-house  in  Maguire Maguirestreet,  street, Maguirestreet,  was  charged  by  information  with  harbouring  prosti prostitutes  tutes prostitutes  at  unseasonable  hours.  Mr.  Owen,  who  appeared  for  the  defendant,  admitted  that  the  parties  whom  the  officer  saw  in  the  house,  at  the  hour  stated  in  the  information,  were  women  of  the  town,  but  he  contended  that  they  were  as  well  entitled  to  the  privilege  of  obtaining  refreshment  even  at  a  late  hour  as  any  other  of  her  Majesty's  subjects.  Their  misfortunes  having  reduced  them  to  such  a  state  that  their  only  means  of  subsistence  was  the  pursuit  of  an  abandoned  life  ;  it  would  be  monstrous  to  say  that  even  though  they  behaved  themselves  quietly  or  orderly,  they  should  be  debarred  the  right  of  obtaining  even  necessary  nourishment,  or  that  those  who  supplied  them  with  it,  'should  be  deemed  guilty  of  the  offence  laid  in  the  information.  Mr.  Mansfield  observed  that  the  legislature  certainly  au authorised  thorised authorised  those  houses  to  be  kept  open  to  a  late  hour  in  the  night,  with  the  object  that  those  whose  avocations  prevented  them  from  obtaining  at  any  other  time  in  the  twenty-four  hours  necessary  refreshments,  might  then  procure  them.  The  legislature  undoubtedly  contemplated  the  cases  of  travellers  and  workmen  employed  at  unseasonable  hours,  but  here  the  case  was  altogether  different.  And  if  if  such  hours  were  permitted  to  afford  refreshment  to  prostitutes  or  pickpockets  at  unseasonable  hours  of  the  night,  it  would  be  merely  fut.  nishing  them  with  assistance  to  pursue  their  abandoned  courses—to  prowl  about  the:streets  at  all  hours,  and  to  plun plunder  der plunder  wherever  they  could.  He  was  always  of  opinion  that  the  prostitutes  who  were  about  the  town  at  late  hours  of  the  night,  were  out  more  for  the  purpose  of  plunder  than  any anything  thing anything  else.  The  defendant  was  fined  40s.  and  costs.  Mary  Parry,  keeper  of  a  public-house  in  Grafton-street,  was  summoned  for  a  violation  of  the  act.  on  last  Sunday.  This  case  was  adjourned  for  a  week.  BEERSELLERS'  CASES.  Jessy  Clarke,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Eldon-street,  was  fined  bs.  for  Sunday  trading.  James.  Gregson,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Beckett-street,  was  summoned  for  Sunday  trading.  Police-officer  165,  stated  that  he  visited  the  house  early  on  Sunday  morning,  and  that  he  found  four  men  in  the  kitchen  with  jugs  which  recently  contained  ale  before  them.  The  defendant's  wife,  admitted  that  the  four  men,  who  were  lodgers,  were  in  the  kitchen,  but  she  positively  denied  that  they  had  been  supplied  with  ale.  The  defendant  was  fined  40s.  Peter  Delany,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Watkinson Watkinsonstreet,  street, Watkinsonstreet,  was  fined  ss.  for  Sunday  trading.  Elisabeth  Garrett,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Norfolk Norfolkstreet,  street, Norfolkstreet,  was  fined  Sc.  for  Sunday  trading.  George  Fletcher,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Watkinson Watkinsonstreet,  street, Watkinsonstreet,  was  fined  10s.  and  costs  for  Sunday  trading.  Mr.  Bremner  defended.  James  Biddy,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Knight-street,  was  fined  9s.  6d.  for  Sunday  trading.  Andrew  Daly,  table-beerseller,  Henderson-street,  was  fined  1  ls.  6d.  for  Sunday  trading,  and  for  having  parties  drunk  in  the  house.  HenryiSpencer,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Frederick-street,  was  fined  2s.  for  Sunday  trading.  David  Richards,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Ormond-street,  was  fined  48.  for  having  some  sixty  people  in  his  house  at  half halfpast  past halfpast  three  o'clock  on  Sunday  morning.  It  appeared  that  it  was  an  assembly  of  dilletanti  Welshmen,  who  had  met  for  the  purpose  of  deciding  on  the  merits  of  two  rival  harpers.  Owen  Mathews,  keeper  of  a  beer-house  in  Prussia-street,  was  fined  in  a  like  sum  for  a  like  offence.  COUNTY  COURT.  -YESTERDAY.  The  court  sat  at  ten  o'clock  yesterday.  GUEST  V.  HUDSON.—This  was  a  case  which  had  been  before  the  court  on  a  former  day,  and  was  adjourned  for  the  production  of  fuller  evidence.  The  plaintiffs  were  Messrs.  Guest,  brewers  ;  and  the  defendant  a  Liverpool  pilot.  The  plaintiffs  claimed  £9  Bs.  for  ale  supplied  to  a  public publichouse,  house, publichouse,  in  Plum-street,  in  which  it  was  alleged  that  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  lived,  along  with  a  woman  who  was  reported  to  be  his  wife,  and  who  was  generally  known  as  Mrs.  Hudson.  The  point  upon  which  the  case  rested  was  whether  the  de defendant  fendant defendant  by  living  in  the  house  and  allowing  the  woman  to  be  known  as  his  wife,  had  not  led  parties  to  give  her  credit  in  such  a  manner  as  to  render  him  responsible.  Several  witnesses  were  examined  upon  the  part  of  the  plaintiffs  who  stated  that  they  had  called  and  delivered  goods  at  the  house,  '  and  that  they  had  frequently  seen  the  defendant  there  and  always  understood  that  the  woman  mbo  uv  ea  In  tile  house  w,  the  part  of  the  defence  it  was  admitted  that  the  defendant  had  lived  with  the  woman  for  twelve  years  and  had  several  children  by  her,  but  it  was  stated  that  •  he  had  been  for  some  time  separated  from  her,  and  that  he  -  had  no  connection  whatever  with  the  house  beyond  the  fact  that  he  had  given  her  £5OO  for  the  purpose  of  taking  it  and  carrying  on  business  there.  He  admitted  that  he  had  been  at  the  house  occasionally,  but  denied  that  he  ever  lived  there,  or  had  any  interest  in  it.  His  HoNoiCsaid  that  the  main  question  to  be  considered  was  whether  the  defendant  having  lived  with  the  woman  as  was  described,  and  having  led  persons  to  give  her  credit  upon  the  supposition  that  she  was  his  wife,  he  had  countermanded  any  authority  of  that  kind  when  ho  coased  to  live  with  her.  His  Honor  did  not  think  there  was  evidence  to  that  effect,  and  therefore  held  that  defendant  was  liable.  Having  corn-  •  mented  strongly  upon  the  general  character  of  the  defence,  Tr  , STYLE=superscript  mor  said  that  he  had  not  the  slighest  hesitation  in  giving  a  verdict  'or  thu  for  the  amount  claimed.  The  other  cases  which  came  before  the  court  possessed  no  public  importance.  BIRKENHEAD  COUNTY  COURT.-YESTERDAY.  (BEFORE  JOHN  WILLIAM  HARDEN,  ESQ.,  JUDGE.)  JURY  CASE.—ARCHER  v.  HOUGHTON.—The  plaintiff,  Mr.  Thomas  Croxton  Archer,  is  an  officer  of  customs  at  this  port;  and  the  defendant,  Mr.  Thomas  Houghton,  is  a  farmer,  both  residing  at  Town-lane,  Higher  Tranmere.  The  action  was  brought  by  the  plaintiff  nominally  to  recover  damages  for,  but  in  reality,  to  suppress  a  nuisance,  which  he  alleged,  was  created  near  his  dwelling-house  by  the  aeftudc..4.  Tt  Appeared  that  the  defendant,  who  is  also  the  contractor  for  removing  night  soil  from  Birkenhead,  has  for  many  years  past,  kept  a  large  threshing  machine,  about  midway  between  his  barn  and  the  plaintiff's  dwelling,  which  is  quite  adjacent.  The  machine  is  worked  by  five  horses,  and  the  vibration  from  it  causes  serious  annoyance  to  the  plaintiff's  househould—particularly  his  lady,  who,  it  seems,  has  been  suffering  from  a  nervous  complaint  for  some  time  back.  Minor  annoyances  were  also  set  forth,  but  the  above  was  the  substantial  nuisance  complained  of.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  it  was  shown  that  the  machine  had  been  on  the  premises  for  many  years,  and  that  this  was  the  first  allegation  of  its  being  a  nuisance  ;  but  as  he  could  not  prove  that  it  had  been  there  for  21  years,  he  could  not  plead  a  prescriptive  right.  Several  witnesses  were  examined  on  either  side,  and  the  hearing  of  the  case  occupied  the  court  for  several  hours.  Sir  George  Stephen  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  and  Mr.  Aspinall  for  the  defendant.  The  jury  returned  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff,  but  merely  for  ls.  nominal  damages,  the  defendant  undertaking  to  name  the  nuisance.  P3_TB00127 nth_  d  ,  10P:t/  te  rrife  r  o  s  bo  .  to  P3_TB00128 !j  ibe:  °l STYLE=superscript  O  distr  ic STYLE=superscript  t  ell ell-01•11  -01•11 ell-01•11 STYLE=superscript  of  [ih  op  .  P3_TB00129 lat  er  Earl  ° STYLE=superscript  I  be  lit  of  mi mid  d mid"
