text
"THE  PRESTON  STRIKE.  MEETING  OF  FACTORY  OPERATIVES.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER)  .  PRESTON,  MONDAY.—The  amount  brought  in  by  the  weavers'  delegates  yesterday  was  about  £2,200,  or  £2OO  more  than  the  receipts  in  any  former  week.  This  fact  was  an announced  nounced announced  to  a  large  meeting  held  in  the  Orchard  this  morning,  and  seemed  to  afford  considerable  satisfaction.  The  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  of  the  meeting.  commenced  by  Mr.  G.  B.  Horsfall  l  of  Royton,  (editor  of  the  Factory  Operatives'  Guide)  being  called  upon  to  preside.  The  CHAIRMAN  advised  his  hearers  to  do  what  they  could  to  secure  the  support  and  approval  of  the  press.  If  they  could  do  that,  it  would  be  a  step  in  the  right  direction  that  would  have  a  ten  lency  to  bring  this  dispute  to  an  end.  Unfortunately,  with  one  or  two  exceptions,  the  press  of  this  country  was  against  the  working  classes.  He  did  not  think  that  proceeded  from  any  enmity  to  their  order,  but  arose  rather  from  want  of  knoWledge  of  the  matters  agitated  amongst  them.  He  believed  that  if  they  took  means  to  in inform  form inform  the  press  of  the  real  nature  of  their  proceedings,  it  would  be  won  over  to  their  side,  and  they  should  be  gainers  thereby.  He  had  often  heard  it  asked  it  why  they  selected  the  present  time  to  turn  out  for  an  advance  of  wages  :  he  would  answer  the  question.  What  had  bad  trade  and  gloomy  prospects  to  do  with  the  ability  of  our  Preston  manufacturers  to  pay  as  good  a  rate  of  wages  as  the  manu manufacturers  facturers manufacturers  of  any  other  district  ?  If  trade  was  bad  in  Preston,  it  was  bad  at,  Blackburn  and  throughout  the  whole  of  the  manufacturing  districts  ;  and  he  contended  that  whatever  rate  of  wages  could  be  paid  in  any  other  district  could  be  paid  in  Preston.  If  this  dispute  could  be  referred  to  any  unprejudiced  tribunal,  he  would  stake  the  result  on  that  point  alone.  That  was  their  defence  for  having  turned  out  at  the  present  time.  Their  object  was  not  to  gain  an  advance  upon  the  wages  paid  throughout  the  manufacturing  districts,  but  simply  to  place  themselves  on  a  level  with  other  towns.  Such  being  the  zaze,  he  thought  they  were  perfectly  justified  in  their  demands;  and  he  hoped  they  would  continue  out  until  they  got  what  they  wanted.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  R.  SMITH,  of  Oldham,  president  of  the  executive  committee,  addressed  the  meeting  at  great  length,  and  con concluded  cluded concluded  by  saying  that,  this  week  there  was  a  brighter  pros prospect  pect prospect  for  them  than  ever.  New  sources  of  support  were  being  opened  to  them,  and  those  who  had  been  previously  opened  were  augmenting  their  contributions.  If  the  em employers  ployers employers  thought  proper  to  prolong  this  struggle,  the  operatives  would  ,  be  enabled  to  withstand  them;  but  let  their  proceedings  be  characterised  by  peace,  order,  and  unanimity.  (Cheers.)  Mr.  GRIMSHAW,  of  Great  Harwood,  congratulated  the  meeting  upon  the  receipt  yesterday  of  £2OO  more  than  had  ever  before  been  obtained.  Mr.  T.  SMITH,  secretary  to  the  Stockport  weavers'  com committe,  mitte, committe,  observed  that  if  they  now  gave  way,  they  would  bring  condemnation  upon  Preston  '  •  for  they  were  not  only  fight fighting  ing fighting  the  battle  of  Preston,  but  of  the  whole  country.  Addresses  were  also  delivered  by  Mr.  Rhodes  and  Mr.  _Chadwick,  of  Stockport,  after  which  the  assembly  dispersed  to  receive  their  week's  pay  at  the  appointed  places.  Despatches  were  received  at  the  colonial  office  yesterday  morning  from  the  governors  of  the  North  American  colonies,  and  New  Zealand.  -  -  VIOLENT  ASSAULT  UPON  AN  ATTORNEY  AT  MANCHESTER,  —At  the  Manchester  City  Court  of  Record  yesterday,  before  R.  B.  Armstrong,  Esq.,  recorder,  Mr.  William  Keating  Taylor,  solicitor,  of  32,  Cooper-street,  Manchester,  brought  an  action  against  Mr.  John  Higginbottam,  landlord  of  the  St.  Peter's  tavern,  for  a  violent  assault  committed  on  the  plaintiff  on  the  evening  of  the  9th  of  September  last.  The  case  occupied  the  attention  of  the  court  the  whole  of  the  day.  From  the  facts,  as  stated  on  behalf  of  the  plaintiff,  it  appeared  that  on  the  evening  of  the  day  mentioned,  about  seven  o'clock,  the  plaintiff,  in  company  with  a  gentleman  named  Smith,  a  professor  of  music,  residing  at  Bury,  went  into  defendant's  house,  both  being  smoking  at  the  time.  They  walked  into  a  room  on  the  left  hand  side  of  the  lobby,  and  had  not  been  there  many  moments  before  the  bar-maid  came  in  and  told  them  that  if  they  wished  to  smoke  they  must  go  into  the  bar.  Plaintiff  replied,  oh,  nonsense,  I  have  smoked  often  here  The  bar-maid  then  left  the  room,  and  in  a  few  moments  the  defendant  entered  and  commenced  a  ferocious  assault  upon  plaintiff.  The  latter  was  carried  out  of  the  house  insensible,  and  was  for  several  weeks  afterwards  confined  to  the  house.  On  the  part  of  the  defendant  it  was  said  that  the  plaintiff  struck  the  first  blow,  and  used  offensive  epithets  to  the  defendant  when  he  asked  him  to  come  into  the  bar  if  he  wished  to  smoke.  The  jury,  after  being  absent  for  some  time,  returned  into  court  with  a  verdict  for  the  plaintiff.  Damages,  £25.  ARRIVAL  OF  ANOTHER  EMIGRANT  SHIP  WITH  CHOLERA,  AT  QUEENSTO'WN.—A  foreign-  barque,  with  German  emi emigrants  grants emigrants  for  New  York,  arrived  in  Queenstown  shortly  after  seven  o'clock  on  Friday  morning,  and  on  being  boarded  by  the  custom-house  authorities  it  was  reported  that  cholera  had  broken  out  amongst  the  passengers.  The  agents  of  the  - STYLE=superscript  vessel  requested  Mr.  E.  T.  Brickrell  to  proceed  to  the  ship  and  ascertain  the  particulars,  and  shortly  after  that  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  went  off  to  her  in  the  quarantine  boat,  along  with  Mr.  Reed.  Through  the  agency  of  Mr.  Meldahl,  the  German  interpreter  of  the  port,  it  was  ascertained  that  the  ship  was  a  Prussian  vessel  belonging  to  Rostock,  called  the  Prevalar,  and  that  she  left  the  city  of  Hamburg  on  the  26th  of  Octo October,  ber, October,  with  159  German  cmicrrants  for  New  York.  On  the  28th  October,  after  being  two  days  at  sea,  one  of  the  passengers  died  of  cholera,  and  since  that  date  the  deaths  have  averaged  a  bout  one  each  ' STYLE=superscript  day.  In  a  few  days  after,  the  captain  was  attacked  with  the  same  disease,  and  died  on  the  7th  of  this  month.  The  sailmaker  of  the  ship  was  attacked,  and  died,  and  those  are  the  only  deaths  that  have  occurred  amongst  the  crew.  The  body  of  the  captain  was  sewed  up  and  placed  in  a  box,  carefully  caulked  with  pitch,  and  still  remains  on  board  the  vessel,  but  will  probably  be  interred  this  evening  or  to-morrow.  The  disease  on  board  this  ship  is  said  to  be  of  a  very  mild  type,  the  parties  attacked  generally  living  six  or  eight,  and  in  some  instances  ten  days.  Up  to  the  present  time  the  total  number  of  deaths  on  board  amounts  to  eleven,  of  whom  nine  were  amongst  the  emigrants,  and  the  captain  and  sailmaker.  The  remainderof  the  passengers  are  in  a  healthy  condition  ;  there  are  this  day  only  two  cases  on  board,  and  those  are  convalescent.  The  ship  is  at  present  in  quarantine,  but,  from  the  healthy  condition  of  the  passen passengers  gers passengers  generally,  and  the  peculiarly  mild  type  of  the  disease,  •  it  is  probable  she  will  be  able  to  proceed  on  her  voyage  in  a  day  or  two.--Cork  Examiner."
