text
"nAelaration  of  War  made.  by  the  It  will  be  an  extraordinary  'eau,  should  diplomacy,  now  that  matters  have  gone  sc  far,  effect  an  amicable  arrangement  between  the  ,wo  Powers  WAR  !  Whether  'tis  be  or  not  to  be?  that  it-.  the  question  and  one  which  a  few  days  will  now  lecide.  And  .surely  it  is  high  tithe:  after  a:  pro  tracted  duration  of  six  Months,  to  have  a  decision  arrived  at  one  way  or  the  other.  Already  the  evils  inflicted  both  upon-Great  Britain  and  the  whole  of  Europe,,  are  of  a  serious  character,  involving  nearly  two  hundred  millions  sterling  ;  and  it  would  be  unwise  and  impolitic  to  augment  this  immense  loss,  by  being  kept  much  longer  in  suspense.  Hope  in  this  instance,  not  only  the  heart  but,  locust-like,  eats  up  the  wealth  of  the  nation.  There  can  be  no  dOnbt,  but  that  both  the  CZAR  and  the  SULTAN  have  each  been  anxious  to  bring  about  a  peaceful  solution  of  this  vexed  Russo-  Turkish  question.  The  Four  Powers  contemplated  and  endeavoured,  by  negotiation,  to  secure  the  same  end.  In  the  meantime,  the  PORTE  has  made  many  and  honourable  concessions  ;  and  at  Ulmiitz,  the  AUTOCRAT  was  known  to  have  expressed  him himself  self himself  decidedly  favourable  to  peace.  However,  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  have  since  retarded,  if  they  have  not,  indeed,  altogether  frustrated,  all  probability  of  an  amicable  consummation.  The  SULTAN,  moved  by  the  solicitation  of  the  Grand  Council,  has,  in  order  to  vindicate  his  own  dignity  and  the  honour  of  the  Ottoman  empire,  issued  a  Declaration  of  War  against  Russia,  contingent,  however,  upon  the  speedy  relinquishment  of  those  material  of  which  that  country  has  most  unwarrantably  and  unjustifiably  taken  possessiod;  whilst  the  Czan,  stung  by  the  manifesto  of  the  PORTE,  not  only  has  refused  to  grant  the  promised  concessions,  but,  according  to  the  latest  accounts,  have  determined  to  wage  a  war  of  extermination  !  The  Western  Powers  are  now  trying,  as  a  derider  ressort,  a  further  attempt  at  negotiation,  which,  we  trust,  will  not  prove  a  forlorn  Certain  it  is,  that  all  will  depend  upon  the  readiness  of  the  CZAR  to  comply  with  the  requirement  of  the  DIVAN.  Should  he  refuse,  and  hostilities  ensue,  the  Em-  PEROR.  will  have  but  to  thank  himself  for  whatever  personal  consequences  such  contemptible  obstinacy  might.  entail.  •  There  are  some  not  slow  to  censure  the  Englis  CABINET  for  its  dilatoriness  in  not  long  since  havin  determined  upon  a  final  and  vigorous  course  (  policy.  They  .  maintain,  and  perhaps  justly,  the  whilst  our  futile  negotiations  have  •  been  carryin  on,  both  the  AUTOCRAT  on  the  one  hand,  an  the  SULTAN  on  the  other,  have  been  augmen  illy,  their  military  armaments;  :completing  the  Commisseriat  arrangethents,  and  organising  the  _  _  of  .demolition  forceS,  to  carry  on  the  work  with  the  greater  efficiency;  and  that,  moreover,  delay  has  engendered  a  more  hostile  spirit  betiveen  the  two  countries,  and  stimulated  the  desire  of.  each  to  right  the  dispute  with  the  sword.  For  ourselves,  since  the  CHANCELLOR  of  the  EXCHEQUER  gave  his  explicit  and  satisfactory  explanation  of  Ministerial  policy  with  reference  to  this  matter,  in  his  _recent  speech.  at  Manchester,  we  feel  entirely  disposed  to  exonorate  our  Administration  from  the  slightest  censure  on  that  score  ;  more  especially  as  we  are  acquainted  with  its  avowed  intention  to  support  the  Sovereignty  of  the  SULTAN,  and  sustain  - STYLE=superscript  the  independence  of  the  Ottoman  Empire,  at  every  hazard,  and  at  any  cost.  The  terrible  evils  that  would  be  entailed  'upon  the  whole-of  Europe,  in  the;event  of  positive  hos hostilities  tilities hostilities  being  engaged  in,  cannot  well  be  conceived"
