text
"!E  ....  Tuts&amp;  y  S  Sat  urd  a]  PRINCESS  Thursday  —.Feb  ast  be  alongside  the  vessel  one  N.H.—(roods  for  shipment  hour  before  appointed  time  of  sa  Fares:—Cabin,  including  Steward's  Fee,  155.;  Steerage,  6s.  Servants  Cabiu,  Full  Fare.  ROBERT  LANION  r,  .17,  Water  street,  Liverpool.  Coacii3&amp;.;t.  RIIYL,  DENBIGH,  HOT  YWELL,  AND  ALL  PARTS  OF  NORTH.  WALES.  ~,,,,  The  quickest  and  ch  e  ap  es  t  rou  t  e  i  s  b  y  1 STYLE=superscript  111,...,  '  '  W  ~'THE  SATELLITE.  TO  MOSTYN.  ..1=;,..  , STYLE=superscript  -Ifer-  , STYLE=superscript  :  SAILING  FROM  LIVERPOOL.  Saturday  Feb  2,  6  0  a.m.  Tuesday  Feb  5,83  g  a.m.  1J  - STYLE=superscript  ply  to  Mr.  John  Waticins,  8,  Stran,i-Ftreet;  or  to  DANIEL  JAMES,  22,  Union-streets  TUTI  QUI  PRO  -.---.--..,.---  It  is  now  some  fifteen  years  since  ,  we  first  had  the  pleasure  of  calling  public  attention  to  the  institution  whose  motto  stands  at  the  head  of  this  article—the  Provident  Clerks'  Since  that  time  the  subject  of  our  notice  has  gradually  enlarged  its  opera operations,  tions, operations,  until  it  may  now  fairly  claim  to  be  ranked  among  the  most  important  and  useful.  societies  in  the  country.  Its  managers  may  justly  pride  themselves  upon  the  fact,  that  in  the  Life  Assurance  Department  more  than  5;000  Policies,  assuring  somewhere  about  a  MILLI9N  sterling,  have  been  issued,  while  the  publicity  given  to  every  item,  both  of  receipt  and  expenditure,  shows  how  full  and  bol  well  justified  is  their  confidence  in  the  financialposition  of  the  association.  The  accounts,  unlike  those  of  many  offices,  are  open  to  the  world,  and  as  long  as  this  is  the  case  there  is.  but  little  fear  either  of  malversation  or  of  extravagance.  an,  attempt  was  indeed  made  at  the  last  ,meeting  to  _throw  ,sespiclon  upon'  'the'  position  and  conduct  of  the'  office,  but  it  waS  •  promptly,  ahly,  and  successfully  refuted.  Indeed,  in  the  face  of  such  figures,  a  refutation  is  almost  superfluous.  It  .is  not  as  an  insurance  office  alone,  however,  that  we  Would  . STYLE=superscript  speak  of  the  Provident  Clerks'  Association.  It's  Benevolent  Fund,  the  only  institution  of  the  kind  belonging  exclusively  to  the  clerks,  has  been  the  means  of  relieving  a  large  amount  of  suffering  and  privation,  and  this,  too,  among  a  class  who  are  on  many  grounds  peculiarly  entitled  to  sympathy.  By  the  vicissitudes  of.eommercial  life  num numbers  bers numbers  of  clerks,  are  ruined  or,seriously  embarrased  from  circumstances  over  which.  they,  can  . STYLE=superscript  have  no  control.  Few  are  so  highly  paid  that  they  can,  by  mereszeOing,  accu accumulate  mulate accumulate  a  sufficient  provision  and  yet  maintain  a  respectable  while,  at  the  same  time,  from  education,  habits,  and  social  position,  they  constitute  a  class  on  whom  the  pressure  of  actual  poverty  tells  With  doubly  painTuj  effect.  If  this_he  true  of  the  clerk,  even  while  health  and  ability  are  spared,  whewthe  opportu opportunity  nity opportunity  of  employment  is  denied  him,  how  much  more  true  is  it  of  those  helpless  beings  who  are  too  often  left  to  mourn  the  loss  of  him  whose  labour  was  their  sole  dependance,  and  who  by  one  stroke  are  not  only  plunged  into  domestic  affliction,  but  are  reduced  from  cortapara cortapara•  • cortapara•  tive  affluence  to  actual  want.  A  few  weeks  since  it  was  our  duty  to  record  a  painful  case  of  this  nature,  and  we  _have  reason,  to  know  that,  on  the  matter  being  brought  before  the  directors  of  the  Provident  Clerks'  AssOciailon,  the  widow  'was  promptly  and  liberally  relieved.  That  this  is  not  - STYLE=superscript  a  single  caslethe  annual  branlaf  m  them  o  r  d  o  e-sheetsof  o  th:  t  ,  association  clearly  show,  between,  eight  and  nine  hundred  poundS  are  paid  annuities  to  distressed  members  and  svidows--thiit  - STYLE=superscript  inoie  than  £l,lOO  have  been  given  away  to  Imeet  cases  of  urgent  necessity,  and  that  £22,000  have  been  lent  in  small  sums  for  the  relief  of  temporary  difilcultiets.  We  cannot  doubt  that  these  facts,  widely  known,  as  they  deserve  to  be,  will  gain  for  the  association  the  cordial  support,  not  only  of  the  clerks,  of  whom  some  4:000'  have  already  joined  its  ranks,  but  of  that  wealthy  and  important  class  to  whom  the  weflarc  of  the  clerks  is,  or  ought  to  be,  an  object  of  real  and  heart-felt  interest.--  Sun,  It  may  be  noticed-  (s  •ys  the  , STYLE=superscript  Reeistrar  - STYLE=superscript  General)  th  at  in  the  last  two  weeks  the  deaths  of  28  shoemakers  and  only  3  tailors  were  registered.  The  cause  of  so  great  a  difference  is  not  obvious,  for  the  nitnibers  who  were  living  in  the  two  trades  in  1851  were-not  very  .  unequal..;  The  shoemakers  were  26,639;  the  tailors,  •  A.  SIGN  or  PEACE  —Marshal  Pelissier,  the  French  commander  i  n  the  C  r  i  mea,  is  said  have  written  the  •  Foliovving.  letter  to  a  friend  in  Paris:-  ''Look,out  for,  me  arnmediately  a  convenient  apartment  in  the  quarter  of  the  tigt  l STYLE=superscript  :  l STYLE=superscript  g  ite  an  r  d  ea  p  a  i;t  f  i  o  t  r  i  m  nt  e  o.  o  s  n  u  m  ch  y  a  ar  s  i  t•  i  i  v  t  i  e  l  o!  rel‘p_aeiratrheat  allit  g,thoaintglori  very  w  el  l,  an  d  f  or  MySeiri  am.  doing  so!  ;  well  pray  you  will  n  o  t  take  any  apartment  too  high,  as  I  am  gro  wn  ver  yfat,  and  cannot  ascend  erealiers  that  are  •  very  COUNTY  COURT.-YESTERDAY  (BEFORE  JOSEPH  POLLOCK,  ESQ.,  JUDGE.)  FIELDING  v.  HOLMES.—In  this  case  a  young  man,  named  Fielding,  claimed  £2  from  Mr.  Bryan  Holmes,  12,  St.  James's-street,  publican,  for  five  weeks'  wages,  one  week  of  which  he  was  employed,  and  the  remainder  in  lieu  of  a  month's  notice.  It  appeared  from  the  state statement  ment statement  of  the  plaintiff  that  he  engaged  with  defendant  as  a  barman,  with  the  agreement  that  he  was  to  have  a  month's  notice  in  the  event  of  dismissal.  On  'Wednesday  night,  the  22nd  of  November,  the  plaintiff  went  to  bed  at  the  usual  time,  but  about  tw  o  or  thr  e  e  in  the  morning  he  was  awoke  .by  the  defendant,  who,  he  stated,  had  been  on  a  °  for  some  days,  coming  into  his  bed bedroom,  room, bedroom,  and  saying  you  rascal,  why  don't  you  get  The  plaintiff  asked  what  time  it  was,  but,  without  giving  him  an  answer,  defendant  went  into  the  servant's  room,  where,  he'maile  some  noise,  and  then  eaine  in  and  nut  of  both  bedrooms  several  times.  About  four  ocloek  the  plaintiff  ant  up,  and  asked  defendant  for  the  key  of  the  bar.  Defendant  said  he  had  not  got  it.  Plaintiff  went  down  stairs  and  found  that  defendant  bad  broken  up  the  bar  door  with  a  poker  which  was  lying  near.  His  coat  was  lying  near  also,  aryl  on  moving  it,  the  key  fell  out  of  h;s  pocket.  The  plaintiff  got  through  the  broken  panel  into  the  bar.  Defendant  came  down  and  abased  him  in  rather  strong  language.  About  ten  o'crock  defendant  told  him  to  leave  the  place  and  go  about  his  business,  'saying  in  shake  hand  before  you'go;  you  Came  from  the  same  .r  wife,  go  shake  han  ter.)  The  plaintil  asked  defen  to  which  defend  (Laughter.)  Hi  Defendant:  I  w  ye  a  verdict  fa-  the  amount  claimed,  and  cautioned  the  defendant  to  keep  more  sober  for  the  fiiture,  as  his  want  of.  sobriety  11.3  d  cost  him  a  con-  tai  her  Kiss  her.  as  my  (I,a,ligit  The  judge  replied,  not  that  I  am  aware  of  .9  far  as  I  know  you  sober  that  d  (Laughter  Honour  siderable  amount  i  above  case  offered  to  give  the  reporters  a  they  would  promise  to  suppress  it  if  it  renders  it  of  cours  The  publication  of  leedless  to  add,  that  the  offer  was  rejected  as  it  deserved.]  CHARGE  AGAINST  SOME  OF  THE  BAILIFFS  OF  THE  COURT.  —A  charge  was  made  yesterday  against  two  of  the  bailiffs  connected  with  the  court.  The  facts  will  appear  from  the  following  statement  made  by  his  Honour  to  Mr.  &amp;one,  the  high  bailiff,  who  was  sent  for  by  the  judge.  His  Honour  said,  that  on  the  Ist  of  May,  185.5,  a  person  named  Martin  M'Mahon,  brought  an  action  against  a  person  named  Bromilaw,  in  that  court  for  17s.  6d.  He  got  a  verdict  for  that  amount  with  2s.  11d.  costs,  making  £1  Os.  6d.  It  appeared  that  three  weeks  after  Mr.  M•Mahon  was  paid  by  the  son  of  Bromilaw  2s.  6d.  Mrs.  Bromilaw,  on  the  30th  of  May,  paid  him  155.,  so  that  he  had  been  paid  the  whole  of  the  17s.  6d.,  and  there  was  left  due  2s.  Ild.  for  costs,  and  nothing  more.  Nothing  was  heard  of  the  matter  - STYLE=superscript  until  the  week  before  Christmas,  when  he  asked  Mrs.  Bromilaw  for  that  amount,  which  she  was  not  able  to  pay  him.  On  the  Ist  of  January  he  ordered  an  execution  to  issue  for  the  .whole  original  amount.  The  execution  was  issued  on  the  2nd  of  January,  and  on  the  7th  of  January  a  man  named  Lloyd,  one  of  the  bailiffs  of  that  court,  with  a  person,  named  David,  a  carter,  and  a  third  party,  whose  name  'Mrs.  Bromilaw  did  not  know,  but  whom  she  would  know  if  she  saw  him,  came  about  twelve  o'clock  to  her,  and  required  £1  4s  Id  of  her.  The  cost  of  issuing  the  execution  would  be  2s  4d,  the  original  sum,  supposing  nothing  had  been  paid,  would  be  £1  Os  sd,  so  that  execution  might  have  issued  pro properly  perly properly  for  II  28,9  d  ;  a  fee  of  4d  in  addition  was  also  allowed,  and  then  they  charged  Is  'for  possession  which  would  make  £1  4s  Id.  The  high  , STYLE=superscript  bailiff  would  enquire  whether  they  had  any  right  to  charge  possession  money,  as  at  the  time  they  had  not  taken  possession.  Mrs.  Bromilaw  had  not  got  the  money,  and  she  sent  to  a  neighbour  to  borrow  it.  She  got  it  from  the  neighbour  and  offered  it  to  the  bailiffs,  who  refused  it  unless  they  were  paid  £1  Ss  ld,  being  4s  additional  for  waiting  an  hour  or  more  in  possession.  She  was  obliged  to  send  out  and  borrow  the  additional  4s.  and  paid  it  over  to  the  bailiffs.  They  had  told  ker  previous  to  this  that  unless  they  got  the  additional  4s  they  would  keep  the  worth  If,  it  from  her  goods  on  the  cart.  She  gave  them  the  4s,  and  asked  for  a  receipt,  saying  that  this  trouble  had  come  on  her  because  she  had  not  got  a  receipt  from  Mr.  Mahon  when  she  paid  him  the  15s  and  2s  6d,  upon  which  the  bailiffs  told  her  they  would  give  her  the  trouble  of  coming  down  to  the  County.  Court  office  next  day  for  a  receipt.  She  came  down  the  same  evening  and  got  a  receipt  from  Mr.  Jackson  for  £1  4s  Id,  not  18s  Id.  She  had  now  brought  an  action  against  M'Mahon  for  the  amount.  There  could  be  no  doubt  that  he  had  authorised  the  execution  to  issue  for  the  full  amount.  His  Honour  then  said  the  matter  should  not  stop,there.  He  would  direct  summonses  to  issue  to  the  bailiff-,  and  the  carter,  and  to  Mrs.  Bromilaw.  He  had  power  given  to  him  by  the  act  of  parliarrwnt,  under  which  he  sat,  to  enq4:ire  into  any  case  where  officers  of  the  court  were  charg•  d  with  extortion  or  misconduct  ;  and  a.cceriling  to  _  ....,..,  “:.,Jountedly.  She  should  never  have  n  asked  for  the  additional  4s  at  all;  he  very  much  doubted  whether  she  ought  to  have  been  asked  for  any anything  thing anything  beyond  .L  133  Id.  Acc  , STYLE=superscript  ,  , STYLE=superscript  rding  to  her  evidence,  there  did  not  seem•nny  doubt  that  4s  at  least.  if  .not  .more,  had  been  extorted  from,  her.in  a  very  improper  manner,  and  he  would  take  care  that  an  enquiry  should  b  made  in  the  regular  way.  Meantime  he  should  direct  that  Lloyd  and  the  other  baili  be  suspended  from  all  part  whatever  in  the  discharge  of  the  duties  connected  with  that  court.  Ho  also  directed  that  Mr.  Jackson  be  in  attendance  at  the  enquiry,  but  he  should  not  direct  him  to  1  , STYLE=superscript  ;  - STYLE=superscript  :.‘  suspended,  as  he  hnd  hot  suffirl,—A  were  Bail  evid,nce  -  -  .....  a•  matter  should  be  enquired  oas  early  as  possible,  and•  if  he  found  that  it  was  as  had  been  represented  to  biro,  he  should  direct  that  every  officer  concerned  in  the  transaction,  be  immediately  discharged.  ,All  the  expenses  connected  with  it  must  necessarily  fall  upon  the  hizh  bailiff,  who  was  the  gentleman  responsible  to  him.  He  would  take  care  that  no  such  proceedings  as  that  occurred  under  the  sanction  of  the  court.  At  present  he  had  only  'heard  one  side  of  the  case,  but  it  appeared  so  well  sup supported  ported supported  that  it  was  difficult  tb  im  ntine  it  would  not  'be  found  that  some  misconduct  had  taken  place.  His  Honour  then  directed  that  the  enquiry  should  take  place  at  ten  o'clock  on  Saturday  (to-morrow)  morning.  [ln  reference  to  another  case,  his  Honour  stated,  during  the  course  of  the  day,  that  he  had  arranged  with  Major  Greig  that  in  any  case  where  a  breach  of  the  peace  was  feared,  arising  out  of  executions  issuing  from  that  court,  a  timely  notice  being  given,  the  assistance  of  the  police,  by  the  permis permission  sion permission  of  Major  Greig,  could  be  obtained  to  any  extent  requisite.]  POLICE  COURT-YESTERDAY,  .-....._,..__  (BE  FORE  MR.  ALDERMAN  HOLME.)  EXTRAORDESTAET  CASE  OF  STEALING.—A  large  rough-looking  fellow,  named  William  Leather,  was  charged  by  Mrs.  Anna  l'azakarly,  who  keeps  a  public  house  in  Bevington-hill,  under  the  following  circumstances.  It  appeared  that  the  prisoner  went-  into  the  complainant's  house  to  have  some  dinner,  and  for  upwards  of  an  hour  he  sat  alone  in  the  parlour.,  It  would  seem  that  the  prisoner  was  not  exclusively  engaged  in  the  •  pleasing  operation  of  .  'gratifying  hia  gastronomic  or  gans  ,  for  , STYLE=superscript  whilst-  in  the  apartment,  he  contrived  to  take  put•the  works  of  lin  eight eightday  day eightday  clock,  value  £l,  which  he  secreted  and  carried  away  under  his  smock.  '  The  robbery  was  discovered  immediately,  the  materials  he  had  abstracted  so  dexterously  were  not  discovered.  The  prisoner  wauemanded,  in  order  to  have  a  search  made  for  the  property.  BIRKENHEAD  POLICE  COURT  -T  Yesterday,  the  magistrates,  the  Rey.  Mr.  Fielden,  and  Messrs.  Case,  Jackson,  and  Bryan,  assembled  in  petty  sessions  at  the  Town-hall,  Birkenhead,  for  the  purpose  of  disposing  of  the  general  police  business  of  the  district.  A  beer-house  keeper,  named  George:Stephenson,  living  in  Cathcart-street,  was  fined  19s  6d  (penalty  and  costs),  for  permitting  four  men  to  be  drinking  ale  in  his  house  on  the  morning  of  Sunday  last.  Five  seamen  - STYLE=superscript  ,  belonging  to  the  ship  Independence,  named  Hugh  MtNeile,  John  Brown,  William  Reid,  Thomas  Ashton,  and  William  Keitch,  were  charged  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel  belonging  to  some  of  the  other  sailors  of  the  same  vessel.  On  the  17th  Jan.,  the,  vessel  left  the  port  of  Liverpool  for  New  Orleans.  OR  the  night  before,  all  hands  were  mustered  when  it  was  found  that  four  were  short,  consequently,  four  of  the  hands  were  shipped  on  the  day  that  the  vessel  sailed.  After  the  vessel  sailed  she  stranded  in  Drogheda  'Bay,  and  all  hands  returned  to  •Liverpool,  bnt  prior  to  that  period  it  was  ascertained  that  some  of  the  other  sailors  trunks  had  been  broken  open.and'  their  wearing  apparel  had  been'taken  away.  Information  was  subse subsequently  quently subsequently  giVen  to  the  police,  who  found  most  of  the  pro property  perty property  stolen  upon  the  prisoners,  who  were  consequently  apprehended.  Mr.  Atkinson  appeared  to  watch  the  case  for  the•prisoners,  MeNeile  and  Keitch,  and  argued  that  the  property  was  taken  by  mistatie  during  the  wreck  of  the  vessel,  and  at  the  time  they  did  not  know  but  the  jackets  were  their  own  property,  as  they,  like  all  other  sailors'•jackets,  so  much  resembled  each  other.  The  mazistrates  after  a  very  lengthy  consultation  further  remanded  the  pr,soners  diligence  of  G  enera  l  V  ivian  to  attack  K  ertc  h,  On  the  9th  i  ns  t  a  nt  the  Russians  advanced  over  the  ice  disappoint  e  d  the  enemy's  projects.  but  the  (about  two  miles  fro  m  town)  by  per_  DarADFUL  Monnvn..—  tine  night  last  w  ee  k  as  a  man  named  Owen  Fergus  and  his  son  were  returnitur,  from  the  h  m  o  a  u  r  s  k  e  e  o  t  i  o  li  f  nlaSrpepst4ohit,  they  were  overt  a  k  en  at  the  school schoolsons  sons schoolsons  who  immediatelyattacked  the  f  a  th  er,  and  maltreated  n STYLE=superscript  th  t STYLE=superscript  re  h STYLE=superscript  w  e STYLE=superscript  litniin7iriettaonttshe  trench  by  the  him  until  he  died.  It  appeared  that  alter  Fergus  had  a  b  n  ee  d  n  a  k  b  n  d  o  o  e  m  l;:  n  d  ,  d  a  oz  jumped  on  his  chest  road roadside,  side, roadside,  lying  with  his  face  down,  so  that  suffocation  in  the  water  aided  in  completing  their  bloody  work.  Two  bad  characters,  named  Lavelle,  had  been  arrested,  and  .the  police  had  got  a  clue  to„others.  supposed  to  have  been  concerned  in  it."
