text
"the  actual  of  the  CZAR  to  the  military  oc  our  contemporary  in informs  forms informs  us,  is  not  of  modern  date,  but  ever  since  1792  Russia  has  posscsed  and  exercised  a  share  iu  the  goveriunent  of  these  provinces  only  inferior  cupation  of  the  wise  true  that  those  previously  conceded  were  inconsistent  also.  The  principle  of  Turkish  inde independence'  pendence' independence'  has  vanished  long  ago,  otherwise  we  should  not  have  seen  what  we  see  at  present—a  political  scramble  for  that  power  which  Turkey  can  no  longer  retain.  But,  though  the  CZAR  was  not  making  any  attack  upon  rights  hitherto  un-  impaired,  he  was  undoubtedly  carrying  his  encroach encroachments  ments encroachments  further  than  they  had  been  carried  before;  and  the  question  is  whether  these  aggressions  can  be  submitted  to.  The  simple  object  of  the  great  Powers  is  to  prevent  Russia  from  acquiring,  under  pretext  of  spiritual  claim,  such  a  hold  upon  the  Ottoman  dominions  as  may  hereafter  be  turned  to  the  purposes  of  political  ambition  or  territorial  conquest.  How  to  account  for  this  altered  tone  of  the  Time.  we  cannot  conceive,  nor  can  we  at  all  understand  the  contradictions  contained  in  the  foregoing  ex extracts  tracts extracts  .Surely  the  whole  affair  cannot  be  a  monster  ruse  or  a  stock-jobbing  bubble!  As  a  very  large  portion  of  British  commerce  floats  from  the  Mersey,  the  Clyde,  and  the  North  Chan Channel,  nel, Channel,  through  the  Irish  Sea  and  St.  George's  Channel,  nothing  should  be  omitted  in  maritime  appliances,  to  make  that  navigation  safe  and  convenient.  It  is  the  province  of  law,  among  other  things,  to  pro protect  tect protect  life  and  property;  and,  certainly,  the  safety  of  this  immense  commerce  should  not  be  disregarded.  We  think  it  a  duty,  therefore,  to  bring  this  subject  prominently  before  the  public  mind,  that  justice  may  be  done  to  the  commercial  interests  of  the  Northern  portion  of  the  kingdom.  In  referring  to  this  matter,  it  must  be  noted,  that  vast  sums  of  money  have  been  expended  along  the  Southern  coast,  bounding  the  English  Channel,  to  make  the  navigation  of  that  channel  as  safe  and  perfect  as  possible  by  the  most  extensive  harbour  appliances.  [n  addition  to  former  works  of  the  kind,  a  magnifi-  .ent  Harbour  of  Refuge,  is  in  course  of  construction  I  Portland,  near  Weymouth,  and  yet  another  is  ontemplated  at  Torbay,  on  the  coast  of  Devon  he  little  Channel  Islands,  also,  have  received  the  ttention  of  Government,  and  a  large  harbour  is  Low  being  made  at  Peter  Port,  the  chief  town  of  Iruernsev.  While  such  are  the  clemonstrations  to  the  South— Southle  le Southle  Irish  Sea  is  neglected.  To  say  nothing  of  the  f  the  Isle  of  Man,  as  affecting  the  commerce  of  ie  North.  It  lies  mid-channel  in  the  Irish  Sea,  srrouncled  by  the  great  trading  ports,  Liverpool,  ►ublin,  Belfast,  Carlisle,  and  Glasgow.  Almost  all  ie  merchant  vessels  sailing  from  these  ports  for  foreign  countries,  or  coasting  trade,  pass  on  one  side  or  the  other  of  the  Isle  of  Man,  and  the  same  also  on  the  homeward-bound  voyage.•  In  order  to  become  impressed  with  the  import importance  ance importance  of  this  fact,  one  has  but  to  ascend  to  the  top  )f  Snaefell,  the  highest  mountain  of  Mona,  on  a  31ear  day.  There,  from  an  elevation  of  some  2,025  'eet,  may  be  seen  all  the  coasts  of  the  surrounding  iingdom,  and  the  Channel  dotted  over  with  a  ,housand  vessels,  sailing  around  the  Island.  This  Channel  is  a  fitful  and  restless  body  of  water,  ever  n  commotion,  and  frequently  agitated  by  tre trenendous  nendous trenendous  storms.  The  coasts  of  the  Island  are  agged  and  rocky,  and  the  cross  tides  in  the  region  '  the  Calf  create  most  dangerous  currents,  putting  jeopardy  every  vessel  navigating  them.  Here,  en,  we  have  more  than  half  the  commerce  of  itain  floating  upon  a  dangerous  sea,  hard-by  a  3ky  Island,  around  which  storms  and  tempests  often  beat  with  frightful  fury.  Could  the  past  his history  tory history  of  this  navigation  be  faithfully  pourtrayed,  the  statesman  would  learn  thereby,  that  the  loss  of  property  in  shipping  around  this  coast  during  the  last  half  century  would  be  equal  to  the  expense  of  cting  at  least  ten  harbours  of  refuge  !  But  the  it  stops  not  here.  Scarcely  a  month  passes  by  thout  the  destruction  of  human  life.  Owing  to  the  ,nt  ofaharbour  of  refuge,  the  tempest-tossed  vessel  obliged  to  keep  out  at  sea,  whilst  the  imperilled  men  strain  every  nerve  to  beat  off  from  the  Ld,  but  all  to  no  purpose;  till  drawn  into  the  tidal  .earn,  or  driven  by  tempest,  the  craft  is  wrecked  on  Langney's  Point,  or  the  fearful  rocks  of  anish-Head  ;  or  else  is  hurried  on  to  destruction  'ough  the  frightful  gulph  separating  the  Calf  rom  the  main  Island.  The  disasters  which  have  , STYLE=superscript  ccurred  within  the  last  year  have  been  numerous,  ,rid  the  loss  of  life  and  property  immense.  Of  the  even  or  eight  vessels  (some  of  which  belonged  to  Averpool)  that  have  been  wrecked  here  during  the  last  twelve  months,  was  the  ill-fated  Lily;  whose  errific  explosion  hurled  thirty-two  human  beings  uddenly  out  of  existence.  I'he  preventatives  required  are  two  Harbours  of  fuge,  the  one  at  Douglas,  and  the  other  at  Port  in,  on  the  West  side  of  the  Island.  Hitherto  have  considered  the  subject  in  reference  to  a  le  of  peace,  and  have  seen  that  the  maritime  and  nmercial  interests  of  the  country  demand  Har  irs  of  Refuge  at  the  Isle  of  Man  ;  but  peace  y  not  always  be  our  happy  lot—war  may  inter interle,  le, interle,  in  which  these  great  seaports  will  need  pro-  ion  against  a  Foreign  foe.  The  geographical  ation  of  Douglas  is  admirably  adapted  to  a  val  depot  for  the  defence  of  these  great  trading  orts.  It  lies  at  the  central  point  between  them  ;  ad  a  navy  kept  there  could  fly  to  the  relief  of  any  Dint  attacked  in  a  few  hours.  Be  it  remembered,  tat  the  trade  of  these  great  ports  is  the  chief  ele eleent  ent eleent  of  Britain's  wealth  ;  and  nothing  should  be  tought  too  dear  to  furnish  them  with  complete  !otection,  both  in  time  of  war  and  peace.  The  1.3*  best  materials  for  the  work  are  on  the  spot.  he  stones  are  abundant  and  of  the  most  durable  nd,  as  may  be  seen  in  the  walls  of  old  Castle  But  I  Rushen,  which  have  defied  the  storms  of  a  thou-  1  winters  If  the  interests  of  commerce  haw  weight  with  the  Government—if  the  fearful  of  property  now  occurring,  supply  a  weighty  invent—if  the  wild  cry_of  distress  and  death,  ggles  of  drowning  seamen,  can  reach  the  ears  to  occupation.  In  these  Ottoman  territo 'territories,'  as  they  are  called,  the  Ottoman  SULTAN  can  neither  appoint  or  remove  a  Governor  without  per permission  mission permission  first  obtained  from  the  CZAR,  nor  can  he  quarter  in  them  a  single  Turkish  battalion,  In  fact,  although  the  Emperor  of  Russia  has  assuredlu  no  busi-  ness  there,  the  Sultan  has  not  much  more.  Less  than  thirty  years  ago,  the  Turks  were  occupying  Wal•  lachia  and  Moldavia;'  theßussians  were  complain complaining  ing complaining  of  the  breach  of  treaty  ;  '  and  it  was  with  the  Porte  that  Great  Britain  was  employing  her  urgent  offices  for  the  restoration  of  a  good  understanding  in  the  Bast.  In  the  year  1824  Lord  STRANOFORD,  the  British  Ambassador  at  Constantinople,  delivered  to  the  Turkish  Goveniment  an  elaborate  Note,'  in  which,  after  recalling  to  the  Porte  its  wrong-doing  in  thus  prolonging  an  unlawful  occupation,  he  represented  in  peremptory  terms,  that  the  total  and  immediate  evacuation  of  the  Princialities  '  was  the  sole  con condition  dition condition  on  which  the  Emperor  of  Russia  could  con consent  sent consent  to  make  peace;  but  when  this  had  been  ac accomplished  complished accomplished  an  ambassador  should  be  instantly  despatched  from  St.  Petersburg  to  Constantinople  for  the  renewal  of  amity  between  the  two  Govern Governments.  ments. Governments.  Does  not  this  read  like  a  truth  is  that  the  sovereignty'  of  the  SULTAN  can  only  be  spoken  of  conventionally.  or  by  com comparison.  parison. comparison.  It  is  perfectly  true.  that  those  demands  of  Prince  MENSCIIIKOFF  which  were  refused  were  inconsistent  with  Ottoman  - STYLE=superscript  sovereignty,  but  it  is  like likeof  of likeof  Ministers—if  the  exigencies  of  war  appeal  to  patriotism,  and  claim  protection  .for  our  great  trading  ports,—then  we  trust  that  the  desiderated  work  will  be  speedily  commenced,  prosecuted,  and  completed."
