text
"KIRKDALE  QUARTER  SESSIONS.  Yesterday,  the  quarter  sessions  for  the  Kirkdale  division  were  commenced  at  the  court  house,  for  the  transaction  of  the  public  business  connected  with  the  hundreds  of  Orms Ormskick,  kick, Ormskick,  Prescot,  Warrington,  and  Kirkdale.  The  magistrates  present  on  this  occasion  were,  Messrs.  T.  B.  Horsfall,  M.P.,  W.  Browne,  M.P.,  T.  Thorneley,  M.P.,  Y.  Bramley-Moore,  M.P.,  W.  Earle,  G.  Holt,  T.  B.  Barclay,  It.  E.  Harvey,  W.  Preston,  It.  Benn,  R.  Theakstone,  L.  Siller,  M.D.,  D  Hodgson,  J.  A.  Tinne,  J.  S.  T.  Greene,  S.  11.  Thompson,  W.  G.  Unsworth,  D.  Bromilow,  Major  Bourne,  W.  Ailcard,  S.  Campbell,  A,  Silvestre,  S.  P.  Tew,  P.  Ryland,  and  John  Rossoti.  At  the  request  of  the  magistrates  present,  Mr.  Thorneley,  M.P.,  was  called  to  the  chair,  and,  after  a  few  brief  observa observations  tions observations  relative  to  his  incompetency  to  discharge  the  duties,  announced  that  the  first  business  to  be  proceeded  with  was,  THE  ELECTION  OP  A  CHAIR:HA:4.  IN  THE  PLACE  OF  THE  LATE  ARCHDEACON  BROOKS.  s  a  i  ß  d  ßefore  had  t  h  the  e  b  e  u  e  s  i  i  v  n  e  e  d  s  s  a  w  l  e  as  t  e  p  r  r  f  o  r  c  o  e  m  e  d  e  Sir  Tb  t  h  o  ,  ni  M  a  sr  Brch  .  W  i  ,  B  w  r  h  o  c  n  h  e  ,  with  the  permission  of  the  court,  he  would  read.  In  effec  t, STYLE=superscript  this  letter  stated  that  he  returned  his  sincere  thanks  to  the  magistrates  who  had  expressed  a  desire  that  he  should  he  appointed  chairman  of  the  sessions,  but,  from  private  as  well  as  public  grounds  he  should,  if  he  were  proposed,  decline  to  accede  to  their  request.  The  letter  then  went  on  to  state  that  he  (Sir  Thomas)  considered,  taking  aL!  the  circumstances  of  the  times  into  consideration,  that  the  situation  should  be  filled  by  a  barrister  of  some  years'  standing,  and  not  by  one  who  had  only  followed  the  profes profession  sion profession  in  the  early  part  of  his  life,  as  it  was  to  be  recollected  that  the  court  over  which  he  had  to  preside,  was  not  only  a  criminal  court,  but  it  was  also  a  court  of  appeal,  in  which  it  was  required  that  the  chairman  should  be  well  conversant  with  the  law,  and  also  that  he  should  be  of  such  standing  as  to  have  a  check  upon  the  bar  practising  before  him.  Mr.  Tinne  then  rose  and  said,  as  Sir  Thomas  Birch,  who,  they  would  all  admit,  was  perfectly  able,  and  possessed  all  the  qualifications  for  a  chairman,  had  declined  to  accept  the  appointment,  they  were  bound  to  consider  who  they  could  find  to  fill  the  vacant  chairmanship  occasioned  by  the  death  of  the  late  venerable  Archdeacon.  (Hear  hear.)  As  he  had  taken  a  very  active  part  in  the  management  of  the  affairs  of  this  hundred,  he  would  take  upon  himself  the  duty  of  proposing  a  gentleman  to  fill  that  office—the  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  he  would  name  was  Mr.  Joseph  Pollock.  Mr.  Pollock  was,  from  the  position  he  held,  well  qualified  to  fill  that  situation,  not  only  from  his  legal  knowledge,  but  also  for  the  kindness  and  urbanity  of  his  disposition.  lie  was,  indeed,  the  most  suitable  person  that  could  be  found  to  fill  the  chair—he  lived  amongst  them,  and  would  always  be  accessible—not  only  when  presiding  in  that  court,  but  also  in  Liverpool,  they  would  be  enabled  to  have  his  assistance.  He  was  of  opinion  that  they  could  not  do  better  than  elect  a  gentleman  who  was  always  amongst  them  all.  In  con conclusion,  clusion, conclusion,  Mr.  Tinne  begged  to  propose  that  Mr.  Pollock  be  elected  the  chairman  of  the  sessions  for  the  Hundred  of  Kirkdale.  Mr.  W.  Earle,  after  passing  a  high  compliment  upon  Mr.  Pollock,  for  his  kindness  and  urbanity,  seconded  the  motion.  Mr.  J.  S.  T.  Greene  said,  before  the  motion  was  put,  he  had  a  few  remarks  to  make,  which  he  hoped  would  be  taken  in  the  same  spirit  as  he  intended  them.  He  alluded  to  a  meeting  which  had  been  held  in  Liverpool,  on  the  subject  of  this  vacancy.  That  meeting  he  had  opposed,  as  he  was  extremely  desirous  that  the  election  of  a  chairman  should  be  decided  when  all  the  magistrates  of  the  district  were  assembled  together  by  public  notice.  It  gave  him  great  pleasure  to  think  that  such  was  the  fact,  and  that  he  had  been  the  cause  of  bringing  so  many  gentlemen  together.  He  expressed  it  as  his  opinion,  that  it  was  much  to  be  regretted  that  Sir  Thomas  Birch  was  not  then  present  as  their  chairman,  for,  if  be  had  been  so,  he  should  have  made  some  remarks  on  the  letter,  while  he  (Mr.  Green)  would  have  preferred  his  having  been  present  to  have  given  those  opinions  himself,  as  he  could  not  agree  with  him  in  the  opinion  that  any  gentleman  con connected  nected connected  with  the  bar  was  the  most  suitable  perscn  to  fill  the  situation.  Ho  had  not  one  word  to  say  against  Mr.  Pollock,  but  he  should  prefer  some  other  gentleman.  Why  not  have  had  my  Lord  Stanley  ?  He  was  a  man  well  calculated  to  fill  that  situation,  but  as  he  (Mr.  Green)  had  not  had  any  communication  with  the  noble  lord,  he  could  not  presume  to  propose  him  without  his  lordship's  authority.  He  con concluded  cluded concluded  by  stating  his  objection  to  a  barrister  being  appointed  to  the  Chairmanship,  and  expressing  a  hope  that  a  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  would  be  seleAe  I  from  amongst  the  country  gentlemen  who  were  in  the  commission.  Mr.  John  Rosson  said  he  also  most  strongly  protested  against  Mr.  Pullock  being  selected,  and  if  for  no  other  reason  because  a  meeting  had  been  called  in  Liverpool,  by  which  an  attempt  had  been  made  to  foist  that  person  upon  them,  and  he  used  the  words  advisedly,  because  an  attempt  was  made  by  a  few  gentlemen  to  place  Mr.  Pollock  in  that  position.  That  meeting  was  got  up  by  eight  individuals  for  that  purpose,  and  he  most  decidedly  disapproved  of  the  way  in  which  it  was  done.  In  the  second  place  he  would  say  that  Mr.  Pollock  had  disqualified  himself  from  holding  the  situation  of  Chairman,  as  in  a  letter  which  he  had  sent,  and  which  was  produced  at  that  meeting,  he  stated  it  to  be  his  opinion  that  the  Chairmanship  of  the  Sessions  should  be  a  salaried  officer.  Mr.  Earle  :  He  has  since  explained  that  letter,  and  I  will  read  the  explanation.  Mr.  Rosson  said  he  was  in  possession  of  the  chair.  He  thought  it  would  be  a  very  bad  precedent  to  choose  a  bar barrister  rister barrister  for  their  chairman,  nor  did  he  agree  with  Sir  Thomas  Birch,  when  he  said  that  it  would  keep  the  bar  in  order.  But  he  should  certainly  consider  that  Mr.  Pollock  had  dis disqualified  qualified disqualified  himself  by  the  letter  he  had  sent  in,  in  which  he  stated  that  he  thought  it  ought  to  be  a  salaried  office.  (Hear.)_.  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  Tinne  rose  to  order,  and  stated  it  as  his  opinion  that  Mr.  Rosson  had  no  right  to  make  remarks  upon  the  letter,  as  it  was  not  before  the  Court,  rior  had  it  been  read  in  public.  Mr.  Hall  stated  that  Mr.  Pollock  had  since  explained  the  letter,  by  saying  that  he  thought  if  the  Chairman  was  paid  a  salary,  it  would  be  the  better.  But  he  thought  there  ought  not  to  be  any  allusion  made  to  the  letter  in  that  court.  Mr.  Rosson  :  Chair,  chair.  The  Chairman  :  This  is  an  adjourned  meeting.  We  all  know  about  the  letter  and  the  explanation,  and  I  think  it  is  a  matter  which  has  no  right  to  be  touched  upon.  Mr.  Rosson  :  That  being  the  opinion  of  the  chair,  I  will  not  further  comment  upon  it.  Mr.  Green  said  he  had  always  considered  the  letter  as  a  private  letter,  and  in  the  course  of  his  remarks  he  had  con consequently  sequently consequently  abstained  from  mentioning  it.  The  meeting  at  which  it  was  produced  he  did  not  consider  a  legal  meeting,  and  therefore  did  not  recognise  its  acts  ;  he  wished  Mr.  Rosson  had  taken  the  same  course.  Mr.  Rosson  said  he  would  not  further  allude  to  it.  Mr.  Earle  said  he  had  the  explanation  to  the  letter,which  he  would  read.  Mr.  Green  :  That  was  after  the  meeting.  Mr.  Tinne:  The  letter  was  not  publicly  read,  Mr.  Rosson  :  You  were  not  present  at  the  meeting,  and  therefore  cannot  tell.  It  was  a  meeting  to  get  Mr.  Pollock  in.  Mr.  Tinne  said  the  meeting  to  which  Mr.  Rosson  had  alluded,  was  a  meeting  of  all  the  magistrates  of  the  hundred  to  consider  the  appointment  of  a  chairman  ;  therefore  he  could  not  look  upon  it  in  the  light  of  a  private  meeting.  It  had  been  said  it  was  not  a  legal  meeting,  but  he  would  assert  it  was  not  a  hole-and-corner  meeting  ;  he  hoped  it  would  not  be  understood  that  he  had  had  any  hand  i❑  call calling  ing calling  a  hole-and-corner  meeting.  Mr.  Earle  thought  it  was  a  loss  of  time  to  discuss  the  matter  with  Mr.  Rosson,  and  called  upon  the  chairman  to  interfere.  The  Chairman  :  Mr.  Rosson  is  in  error.  Mr.  Rosson  :  It  was  a  public  meeting  when  it  suited  your  purpose,  and  now  it  is  a  private  one.  (Order.)  Mr.  Earle  :  What  right  had  you  to  come  to  it  ?  (Order.)  The  Chairman:  Mr.  .Rosson  is  out  of  order  in  alluding.  to  the  letter  at  all.  Mr.  Rosson  said  he  would  not  dwell  further  upon  the  letter,  but  as  a  member  of  the  profession  he  considered  Mr.  Pollock's  professional  honour  was  at  stake  when  he  sent  that  letter,  and  then  became  a  candidate  for  the  situation,  But  they  had  heard  Mr.  Pollock  much  extolled.  Now,  he  would  ask,  what  were  Mr.  Pollock's  antecedents  ?  He  is  an  Irishman—a  stranger  to  the  town--he  had  been  a  barrister  in  Dublin,  but  had  never  practised  in  any  of  the  superior  courts.  From  thence  he  went  to  Manchester  and  practised  as  a  barrister,  and  all  at  once  h  e  f  oun  d  hi  mse  lf  t  h  e  j  u  d  ge  o  f  the  County  Court,  which,  with  the  private  practice  he  enjoyed,  was  a  quiet  occupation  enough  for  him  without  bis  wishing  to  sit  as  the  chairman  of  a  quarter  sessions.  As  his  friend  Mr.  Greene  had  said  it  was  necessary  that  the  chairman  should  be  a  man  of  large  fortune,  and  of  high  standing  in  the  county,  therefore  it  was  that  he  hoped  that  the  broad  ducal  county  of  Lancaster  would  select  a  chairman  from  some  of  the  old  aristocratic  families.  He  had  not  been  in  communication  with  Lord  Stanley,  but  if  that  noble  lord  was  prepared  he  would  secund  the  proposition.  If  no  other  gentleman  was  prepared,  he,  like  Mr.  Greene,  should  not  take  any  part  in  the  proceedings.  Mr..  Hale  bore  testimony  to  Mr.  Pollock's  ability._  Major  Bourne  said  be  WasnOlP;eiared  to  vote  for  Mr.  Pollock.  although  he  was  one  of  his  most  personal  friends,  but  he  thought  the  chairman  should  be  a  gentleman  more  closely  connected  with  the  county.  lie  regretted  that  no  person  had  seen  Lord  Stanley  on  the  subject,  as  by  his  lordship's  being  chosen  an  honour  would  be  conferred  on  the  district.  As  Mr.  Pollock  would  have  to  preside  at  the  courts  of  appeal,  as  well  as  at  the  criminal  courts,  he  thought  it  would  be  more  satisfactory,  without  casting  any  disparagement  upon  Mr.  Pollock,  that  some  gentleman  'Chairman  observed  that  Mr.  Rosson  h  a  d  no  r  i  ght  to  more  intimately  acquainted  with  the  county  should  be  reflections  on  Mr.  Pollock,  a  s  hi  s  appo  i  ntment  as  County  Court  Judge  was  made  by  th  e  S  ecretary  o  f  c  ms  h  taoTakst  The  Chairman  a  y  Mr.  D.  Hodgson  said  that  he  had  no  personal  feeling  in  the  matter,  but  he  thought  that  it  would  be  a  reflection  on"
