text
"I  ture  - STYLE=superscript  of  cotton  in  the  town  of  I  have  to  submit  to'  you  there  is  no  evidence  at  all  of  the  existence  of  any  common  fund  ;  the  only  evidence  we  have  at  all  bearing  on  the  subject  is  this—Mary  Leonard  says  she  was  in  the  habit  for  some  weeks  of  paying  money  to  a  man  named  Joe.  She  began  with  a  penny,  and  advanced  it  finally  to  6d,  but  to  Joe  who,  or  Joe  where,  nobody  knows.  In  point  of  fact  there  was  not  a  tittle  of  evidence  to  show  who  Joe  was,  by  whom  he  was  deputed  to  wait  upon  those  parties,  or  whether  there  was  a  common  fund  in  existence  at  all.  And  for  aught  that  appeared  there  Joe,  might  have  been  an  im imposter—  poster— imposter—  may  have  represented  himself  as  a,  person'  autho authorised  rised authorised  to  receive  money,  and  in  fact  having  no  such  authority.  She  says  she-never  attended  a  club,  never  had  her  name  re recorded  corded recorded  in  any  club,  and  all  the  evidence  we  have  on  that  point  is,  that  a  man  named  Joe  was  in  the  habit  of  calling  on  her,  and  she  paid  to  him  three  different  sums,  advancing  as  the  weeks  went  on.  Then,  Sir,  in  addition  to  that  I  have  to  submit  to  the  Bench,  even  supposing  there  was  a  common  fund,  admitting  it  for  the  sake  of  argument,  yet  according  to  her  own  showing  it  was  not  a  common  fund  to  obtain  an  advance  of  wages  for  the  working  people  em employed  ployed employed  in  the  manufactories  in  Preston.  She  says  it  was  a  common  fund  for  the  purpose  of  supplying  means  to  those  who  had  turned  out.  Mr.  SEGAR  :  For  an  advance  of  wages.  Mr.  Sergt.  WILKINS  :  Not  a  word  about  an  advance  of  wages.  Her  statement  was  the  monies  were  to  be  paid  to  the  men  who  had  turned  out.  Now,  I  submit,  there  is  no  evi evidence  dence evidence  at  all  of  any  common  fund  being  in  existence.  I  have  further  to  submit  there  is  no  evidence,  supposing  there  was  a  common  fund,  that  it  was  for  the  purpose  alleged  in  the  conviction,  and  on  those  two  grounds  I  apprehend  the  con conviction  viction conviction  must  fail.  The  fact  of  calling  her  a  would  rather  go  to  show  a  different  offence  to  this  alleged  in  the  conviction.  Every  body  knows  when  a  person  is  assailed  by  work-people,  and  called  a  they  mean  not  that  he  is  a  person  who  will  not  subscribe  to  certain  funds  to  enable  them  to  pay  certain  monies  to  advance  wages,  but.  a  was  a  man-supposed  to  work  under  tbs.  *Alit *Alitnary  nary *Alitnary  rate  of  wages,  and,  therefore,  as  they  suppose,  injuring  the  common  interests  of  the  trade  to  wia;en  they  may  belong.  But  let  us  look  at  the  evidenea  adduced.  I  can't  help  think thinking  ing thinking  there  has  been—l  iv  on't  say  tampering,  because  I  have  too  high  a  rsspect  for  the  gentleman  who  conductsthis  case  to  suppose  that  he  had  tampered  with  the  witnesses,  more  than  the  strict  jealousy  of  justice  would  warrant—where  was  the  necessity,  if  the  parties  had  given  their  evidence  before  the  magistrates,  when  they  are  presumed  to  have  the  facts  fresh  in  their  memory,  when  the  party  is  smarting  under  injury,  and  presumed  to  be  more  fully  alive  to  the  sense  and  nature  of  the  injury  than  at  a  remote  period—where  was  the  necessity  for  the  solicitor  to  have  those  parties  to  his  house.  The  woman  won't  swear  she  was  not  there  six  times,  the  boy  was  there  several  times,  and  on  each  occasion  he  was  spoken  to  as  regards  this  case,  this  evidence  was  read  over  to  him.  And  when  we  find  the  only  evidence  that  of  a  child  eleven  or  twelve  years  old,  and  when  he  is  compelled  to  ad admit  mit admit  he  was  taken  by  the  policeman,  and  informed  at  the  same  time  if  he  told  all  he  knew  he  should  not  be  punished,  thereby  leading  one  to  infer  he  had  done  something  to  be  punished  for,  that  he  was  in  point  of  fact  just  as  culpable  as  any  other  person  of  his  age,  who  was  then  in  the  crowd.  Let  me  ask  the  bench  if  they  can  place  any  reliance  on  that  testimony,  when  they  find  the  boy  admitting  he  did  not  say  a  word  before  the  Magistrates  con connected  nected connected  with  the  subject  of  money  at  all.  That  he  has  since  been  two  or  three  times  with  the  solicitor,  and  his  evidence  has  been  read  over  to  him.  He  has  been  tampered  with  by  a  policeman,  and  inducements  have  been  held  out  which  ought  not  to  have  been  held  out  to  a  child.  What  reliance  can  the  bench  place  on  this  testimony  ?  He  never  said  a  wordbe wordbefore  fore wordbefore  the  magistrates  about  the  assailant  legging  the  woman,  and  not  a  single  word  about  the  money,  and  it  was  quite  clear  this  was  an  after  thought.  The  conviction  was  drawn  in  a  form  which  rendered  it  absolutely  necessary  to  show  that  such  was  the  intention  of  the  parties  engaged  in  the  affray.  Before  the  conviction  was  drawn,  before  either  pro prosecutors  secutors prosecutors  or  .the  child,  or  even  the  solicitor  himself  knew  what  the  form  of  the  conviction  would  be,  not  a  syllable  is  heard  about  the  money.  Mr.  Segar  :  Sergeant  Wilkins  is  assuming  a  fact  contrary  to  the  truth,  and  not  proved.  It  is  disagreeable  to  go  into  principles  of  this  sort.  Mr.  Sergt.  WilaisTs  :  It  is  a  most  remarkable  fact  when  it  is  discovered,  in  order  to  make  out  the  conviction,  that  such  evidence  should  be  given,  then;and  then  only  do  they  think  proper  to  depose  as  they  have  done  to  day  about  any  thing  being  said  respecting  money.  What  does  this  young  wo woman  man woman  say  ?  Her  statement  is  that  she  was  coming  out  of  the  factory,  and  she  saw  several  persons,  men  and  women,  lads  and  lasses.  How  does  it  happen,  if  the  parties  who  institu instituted  ted instituted  those  proceedings  were  anxious  for  a  conviction— convictionif  if convictionif  they  were  anxious  to  give  the  magistrates,  according  to  the  language  used  by  them  at  -  the  time  of  the  conviction,  the  power  and  determination  to  protect  people  in  the  honest  discharge  of  their  duty,  how  does  it  happen,  with  a  crowd  of  men  and  women,  and  people  of  all  classes  assembled,  they  cannot  fix  on  any  one,  and  that  they  should  select  that  poor  little  urchin,  who,  I  dare  say,  if  the  con conviction  viction conviction  be  looked  upon  as  a  matter  of  common  sense,  did  just  as  the  other  boy  did.  He  saw  the  crowd  ;he  saw  some  PTrifomprit  followd  the  crowd;  very  likely  when  he  was  in  the  crowd,  ho  hootod  as  tho  twriArs  Mu.  v  - STYLE=superscript  v  - STYLE=superscript  Rat,  is  it!'  Is  it  consistent  with  common  sense—is  it  worthy  the  vindi vindication  cation vindication  of  the  law,  to  take  a  child  like  that,  and  place  him  in  the  position  he  is,  on  a  charge  of  this  description,  where  he  does  not  understand  one  out  of  every  ten  words  I  utter,  and  who  certainly  would  have  no  notion  of  what  the  charge  was  for  having  such  a  farrago  read  to  him  as  the  conviction  I  now  hold  in  my  hand  ?  Does  any  person  show  this  woman  was  unable  to  work  for  several  weeks  ?  The  medical  man  is  not  called.  Does  any  one  say  this  boy  committed  an  act  of  violence  ?  Till  to  day  , STYLE=superscript  they  never  ventured  to  say  he  intended  to  use  violence  towards  her.  Ido  not  believe  that  statement  from  the  means  taken  to  induce  it  to  be  made.  I  submit,  therefore,  that  the  bench  cannot  say  there  was  violence  used,  that  there  was  no  evidence  to  shew  the  existence  of  a  com common  mon common  fund—the  whole  affair  was  a  childish  one,  and  ought  to  be  treated  as  such,  and  without  meaning  anything  dis disrespectful,  respectful, disrespectful,  it  furnishes  a  proof,  that  some  men  are  but  children  of  larger  growth.  CHAIRMAN  :  There  are  three  other  cases  of  the  same  kind.  Mr.  SEGAR  :  There  are.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  intimated  they  would  hear  the  evidence  in  all  the  cases  before  giving  a  decision.  The  case  of  Mr.  William  Parkinson!  was  then  called  on.  Mary  Leonard  repeated  her  evidence  in  this  case,  adding  however,  that  the  crowd  called  out  that  she  would  not  pay  the  money  for  the  weavers  who  had  turned  out  for  an  ad advance  vance advance  of  wages.  The  other  witnesses  were  re-examined  in  this  case,  and  deposed  to  Parkinson  using  violence  towards  Leonard.  Alice  Monk  proved  the  payment  of  the  money  to  her  from  the  common  fund  for  several  weeks  whilst  out  on  the  s!rike  for  advanced  wages.  They  closed  the  case  against  Parkinson,  and  the  next  case  was  about  being  called  when,  Mr.  Sergeant  WimusTs  said  it  was  something  new  to  him  for  the  court  to  go  into  other  cases  before  deciding  upon  the  first  heard.  Holme  asked  for  a  decision,  and  he  respectfully  solicited  it  on  his  behalf.  The  court  must  have  seen  the  respondents  were  seeking  to  patch  up  their  case  as  they  went  along,  and  as  the  various  defects  were  pointed  out.  It  was  not  fit,  he  should  submit,  when  the  evidence  in  the  case  of  Holme  had  closed,  the  court  could  not  on  any  principle  whatever  of  justice,  take  into  consideration  evidence  given  in  a  subsequent  case.  The  court  embodies  the  functions,  both  of  judge  and  jury,  and  they  were  bound,  as  much  as  a  jury,  at  the  close  of  the  case,  to  give  a  decision  ;  he,  there therefore,  fore, therefore,  with  great  earnestness,  .but  with  great  humility,  asked  the  bench  to  give  their  decision  in  each  case.  The'  magistrates  then  consulted  together.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  announced  the  decision  of  the  bench  was,  that  the  case  of  Henry  Holme  should  stand  over  until  the  other  cases  had  been  heard.  They  had  gone  through  the  second  case,  and  were  about  to  commence  another  ;  but,  in  consequence  of  an  observation  from  Mr.  Sega;  the  bench  was  called  on  to  give  a  decision  in  the  case  of  Holmes,  with without  out without  waiting  for  the  other  cases.  The  court  had  taken  this  into  eunsideruthm,  and  had  not  yet  begun  to  decide  or  deter determine  mine determine  on  the  case  of  Holme,  and  were  not  going  to  pronounce  an  opinion  on  it  until  the  further  consideration  he  should  mention.  We  have  considered  the  question  whether  the  appellant  has  the  right  to  call  on  the  court  to  make  an  im immediate  mediate immediate  decision,  and  were  of  opinion  it  could  not  be  de demanded  manded demanded  as  a  right.  It  was  a  question  on  which  they  had  a  right  to  take  time  for  consideration  and  reflection.  But  although  they  did  not  think  it  could  be  demanded  as  a  matter  of  right,  yet,  if  knowing  it  was  the  usual,  and  indeed  the  ordinary  course  of  this  court  to  pronounce  sentence  as  early  as  possible  after  the  verdict,  and  he  might  say  to  give  the  verdict  as  early  as  possible  after  the  evidence—they  had  concluded  it  was  expedient  to  determine  the  case  of  Holme,  and  the  court  would  take  into  consideration  whether  to  affirm  or  reverse  the  decision.  He  stated  the  decision  of  the  court  iu  those  terms,  because  the  deliberation  they  had  had  in  no  degree  turned  on  the  propriety  of  this  conviction,  or  of  reversing  or  affirming  it.  They  had  only  considered  the  question  of  right,  and  expediency  of  the  time  at  which  the  matter  should  be  considered,  and  he  did  not  ask  any  one  of  the  magistrates  whether  his  opinion  was  in  favour  of  affirm affirming  ing affirming  or  reversing  the  conviction.  Mr.  Sergeant  WiLnisrs  respectfully  asked  the  court  to  take  the  conviction  with  them.  He  was  sure  the  bench  would  not  take  any  evidence  given  in  the  last  case,  as  to  the  existence  of  a  fund,  because  he  was  quite  prepared  to  show  that  did  not  appear  in  the  case.  The  CHAIRMAN:  We  shall  only  consider  the  evidence  given  in  the  case  of  Holme.  The  magistrates  then  retired,  and  after  an  absence  of  about  twenty  minutes  came  into  court  :—The  Chairman  intimated  they  had  considered  the  evidence,  and  had  resolved  to  adjourn  the  decision  in  the  case  of  Itolme  to  the  next  intermeliate  sessions.  Mr.  Sergt.  WiLnins:  Was  willing  they  should  stand  over.  The  form  of  conviction  was  preciselythe  same  in  all  the  cases.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  it  was  not  the  form  of  con conviction,  viction, conviction,  it  was  evidence  adduced.  Mr  Sergt.  WILKINs:  I  would  throw  out  a  •suggestion,  which  I  think  would  be  conducive  to  the  public  good.  It  is  quite  clear  I  have  the  advantage  of  addressing  no  ordinary  bench.  Without  wishing  to  pay  any  fulsome  compliment,  I  may  say  never,  at  any  , STYLE=superscript  Quarter  Sessions  here,  have  I  addressed  so  learned  a  bench  as  the  benchl  now  address,  composed  chiefly  of  members  of  the  profession  of  which  I  have  the  honour  to  be  also  a  member.  It  is  quite  clear  this  is  a  question  involving  great  doubts.  That  being  the  case,  and  those  doubts  being  entertained  by  persons  capable  of  fully  investigating  and  dis discriminating  criminating discriminating  on  the  evidence  laid  before  them.  Wishing  to  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  b  e  a  peacemaker  if  possible,  as  well  as  an  advocate  here  on  behalf  of  the  appellants,  I  would  suggest  whether  it  would  not  be  generous  on  the  part  of  those  who  had  brought  the  children  before  the  Court,  that  they  should,  on  the  doubt  entertained  in  the  minds  of  justices,  withdraw  from  furthr  pro proceedings  ceedings proceedings  in  the  charge  ,  against  them.  In  the  first.place,  I  would  respectfully  ask  the  gentlemen  who  have  instituted  these  proceedings  to  look  at  the  age  of  the  appellants.  -  I  woul  ask  them  whether  they  think  they  are  of  discretion  and  powers  of  mind  to  be  benefitted  or  corrected  by  still  further  punishment,  even  supposing  there  should  have  been  a  conicv conicvtion.  tion. conicvtion.  I  ask  them  if  they  don't  think  the  parents  of  those  child children  ren children  will  appreciate  their  generosity  and  kindness,  and  that  those  children  will  be  better  themselves  for  not  being  allowed  to  be  in  the  atmosphere  of  a  gaol.  The  governor  I  believe  to  be  an  excellent  man,  and  the  magistrates  who  meet  here  are  an  honour  tothe  county—the  gaol  is  conducted  as  well  as  a  gaol  can  be,  and  I  ask  them  to  pause  and  reflect  what:will  be  the  effect  on  the  future  lives  and  on  the  minds  of  those  child children—what  ren—what children—what  the  influence  on  their  characters  in  future  life  may  be  if  they  should  be  punished  further  for  an  offence  which  certainly  does  not  come  within  the  ordinary  characteristic  of  crime—to  be  still  further  breathing  the  atmosphere  of  a  gaol,  to  be  still  further  humiliated,  and  for  some  purposes  rendered  unfit  for  those  more  active  duties  to  which  they  may  be  called.  I  throw  this  out  as  a  suggestion,  and  ask  it  as  a  boon.  I  believe  it  will  be  wise  and  prudent  on  the  part  of  the  masters  to  treat  this  matter  with  generosity,  with  liberality,  and  by  so  doing  they  will  convince  many  of  those  poor  fellows  who  are  on  the  strike,  and  with  whom  they  are  in  collision,  that  they  are  not  actuated  by  Any  vindictive  feelings,  and  are  anxious  to  preserve  only..  Mr.  SEGAR  :  After  the  appeal  that  has  been  made  by  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins  I  cannot  remain  .3ifent.  I  very  much  fear  the  persons  to  whom  thofr  appeal  is  made  will  hardly  feel  themselves  justi...t  in  acceding  to  it.  We  know  the  have  -6ctu.  indeed  a  very  lamentable  experience  of  their  con conhistory  history conhistory  of  the  transactions  in  this  country  very  well  ;  we  sequences,  and  it  is  very  much  tobe  feared  that  this  violence  which  has  commenced,  may  be  said  to  be  comparatively  tri trifling  fling trifling  when  compared  with  what  it  may  be  hereafter,  if  it  is  felt  there  is  no  power  above  them,  that  the  law  is  not  strong  enough  to  repress  those  offences,  and  protect  workman  wil willing  ling willing  to  work  in  the  free  exercise  of  their  own  judgment.  If  those  parties  are  to  dictate  whether  those  men  are  to  work  or  not,  we  must  undoubtedly  expect  by  and  bye,  that  it  will  be  impossible  to  live  in  the  town.  It  is  a  very  plausible  pretext  that  those  are  young  persons,  but  we  know  how  exceedingly  .  difficult  it  is  to  prove  an  offence  of  this  kind  against  an  individual,  and  how  common  it  is  in  affrays  of  this  kind  to  put  forward  young  persons,  with  a  view  of  escaping  the  severer  punishments  which  would  be  sure  to  follow  to  persons  of  more  mature  years.  I  do  not  feel  myself  justified  in  saying  it  would  be  safe  for  the  peace  of  the  town  to  [pass  over  an  offence  of  this  kind  without  some  security  that  the  offence  would  not  again  take  place.  The  object,  undoubtedly,  is  not  to  punish  those  young  persons  ;  but  the  law  provides  no  other  means  of  repressing  those  offences,  except  one  which  would  render  those  parties  liable  to  imprisonment  for  two  years.  They  might  be  prosecuted  for  riot  and  assault,  and  the  punishment  would  be  much  more  severe.  In  point  of  fact,  the  persons  by  whom  I  am  instructed,  are  the  justices  of  the  borough.  They  exer exercised  cised exercised  their  judgment  for  the  preservation  of  the  public  peace,  and  to  preserve  the  property  of  the  township.  Under  those  circumstances.  I  don't  feel  I  could  be  justified  in  saying  that  no  offence  had  been  committed,  or  that  I  ought  to  withdraw  from  the  prosecution.  Under  these  circum circumstances,  stances, circumstances,  knowing  how  exceeding  difficult  it  is  to  get  evidence  to  those  cases,  and  because'  this  is  the  beginning  of  those  transactions,  and  those  are  young  persons,  I  cannot  accept  the  suggestion  which  the  good  sense  of  the  learned  Sergeant  has  made,  because  I  feel,  indeed  I  cannot  but  feel  the  defence  is  not  the  defence  of  the  'boy,  but  is  the  defence  of  the  combination.  Mr.  SERGEANT  WILKINS  :  I  beg  most  distinctly  to  declare  the  suggestion  has  occurred  to  my  own  mind;  that  I  have  not  heard  a  syllable  from  a  human  being  ;  I  merely,  as  a  gentleman,  interposed  as  a  mediator  to  bring  about  - STYLE=superscript  peace.  Mn.  SEGAR  :  I  know  that  this  course  has  been  suggested  by  the  benevolent  feelings  of  our  learned  Sergeant  ;  but  the  very  fact  of  his  presence  here  proves  it  is  not  the  defence  of  the  appellants  here,  but  that  it-  -is  continued  up  to  the  present  time  to  be  the  defence  of  the  combination.  If  I  could  see  it  was  not  the  defence  of  the  combination.  If  I  could  see  the  combination  'on  the  contrary  condemn  such  a  proceeding  and  would  not  encourage  it,  there  would  be  some  ground  for  consideration  whether  it  was  not  fitting  to  allow  this  boy  to  escape  without  punishment.  The  court  cannot  but  feel  that  up  to  the  present  moment  it  is  the  de defence  fence defence  of  a  combination.  And  taking  my  full  share  of  responsi responsibility,  bility, responsibility,  I  have  no  instructions,  and  cannot  volunteer  to  act  on  the  learned  Sergeant's  suggestion.  If  it  were  consistent  with  the  peace-of  the  town  that  they  might  be  left  out  with without  out without  punishment,  undoubtedly  I  should  listen  to  it.  If  any anything  thing anything  can  be  suggested  that  will  answer  the  ends  of  justice  and  preserve  the  peace  of  the  town,  I  should  wish  it.  Mr.  Sergeant  Wriacms  :  I  have  the  utmost  confidence  in  my  case.  I  have  not  the  least  doubt  of  success  ;  but  because  I  thought  I  might  furnish  the  opportunity  of  conciliating  those  parties,  I  threw  out  the  suggestion:  and  when  my  learn learned  ed learned  friend  talks  of  this  defence  being  the  defence  of  the  com cominflation,  inflation, cominflation,  ne  should  also  recollect  tins  la  taw  ol  a  combination  ;  because,  I  cannot  believe  that  any  gentleman  alive,  in  the  exercise  of  his  own  discretion,  could  suppose,  for  one  single  moment,  that  he  was  benefiting  society  by  prosecuting  children  like  those.  Mr.  SUGAR  said,  the  difficulty  of  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins'  suggestion  arose  from  the  court  having  no  discretion.  The  court  had  differed  on  one  case,  and  it  was  possible  it  might  differ  in  the  others.  He  proposed  the  court  should  hear  the  evidence  in  all  the  cases,  and  then  they  might  think  fit  to  adjourn  the  consideration  of  all  of  them  to  the  next  Sessions,  and  possibly  there  might  be  no  occasion  to  ask  the  court  for  judgment  at  all.  He  meant,  only  the  court  would  adjourn  its  decision.  A  long  consultation  here  took  place  amongst  the  council,  and  at  its  conclusion.  Mr.  Sergaent  WILKINS  rose  and  said,  the  ends  'of  justice  will  be  furthered,  and  good  effects  produced  by  respecting  those  cases—one  statement  I  (must  make  ;  I  know  no  one  will  presume  that  I  was  admitted  into  the  arcana  of  the  seerats  of  the  trade  combination,  I  know  nothing  of  them;  but  this  much  I  can  venture  to  state,  resolutions  as  stringent  as  resolutions  can  be  made,  have  been  entered  on  the  books  of  those  men  not  to  violate  the  law.  Ido  *now  they  have  entered  into  resolutions,  that  any  man  who  does  willingly  and  knowingly  violate  the  law  shall  receive  no  pay,  nor  any  sanction  from  them,  and  I  may  be  allowed  to  say  this,  I  have  read  some  of  those  manifestoes  •  whether  rightly  or  g  origin  and  conceptions  Of  the  turn-out,  I  don't  stop  r STYLE=superscript  o  n STYLE=superscript  e  h  quire,  and  it  is  gratifying  tome  to  discover  much  m  its  s  laid  on  argament  than  on  anyth'ng  like  a  w STYLE=superscript  e  l STYLE=superscript  hereto  e  stress  in  t  o  in  vio violation  lation violation  of  the  law.  The  manifestoes  these  men  have  put  out  have  met  with  approbation,  for  their  composition,  and  reason  in  support  of  their  cause,  have  met  with  the  appro approbation  bation approbation  of  some  of  the  highest  men  in  the  land.  I  know  their  resolutions  are  not  to  break  the  law,  and  before  I  sit  down  I  may  be  allowed  to  occupy  the  Court,  to  endeavour,  in  the  name  of  my  common  country,  to  beg  and  implore  of  both  sides  to  look  well  as  to  what  they  are  doing.  I  beg  of  the  masters  more  especially,  because  the  country  expects  much  from  them  on  the  score  of  education  and  knowledge.  I  beg  and  implore  of  them  not  to  withhold  conciliation  on  the  score  of  pique  or  prejudice.  I  beg  of  the  working  classes  to  bear  in  mind  that  every  day  they  are  abstaining  from  labour,  and  by  keeping  other  persons  from  labour,  they  are  inflicting  a  wrong  and  an  injury  on  the  country  which  their  children  may  feel  when  they  are  dead.  I  look  at  the  season  that  is  coming  in.  I.  look  at  the  number  of  men  accustomed  to  habits  of  industry  being  inured  to  indolence,  and  the  more  I  look  at  the  consequences  that  must  result  to  their  morals  as  well  as  to  their  inclina inclinations  tions inclinations  in  this  position.—l  look.at  the  sacrifices  it  produces  ;  I  look  at  the  other  signs  of  the  times  that  are  manifest  to  us  all,  and  when  I  look  at  the  consequences  which  must  re result  sult result  unless  some  salutary  measures  be  adopted,  I  tremble  for  them  ;  and  I  implore  both  parties  in  the  name  of  our  com common  mon common  country  to  mark  well  and  consider  what  they  are  doing,  asking  them  to  remember  they  are  subjects  of  one  common  community,  and  by  the  individual  wrong  of  either,  especi especially.  ally. especially.  by  the  aggregate  wrong  of  the  multitude,  they  may  inflict  an  injury  on  this  country  which  ages  yet  unborn  may  have  reason  to  regret.  Mr.  SEGAR  :  .1  would  again  repeat  that  this  prosecution  has  been  instituted  with  an  entire  freedom  from  any  spirit,  or  the  slightest  degree  of  pique  or  vindictiveness  on  the  part  of  those  who  conducted  the  prosecution,  their  anxious  desire  from  the  first  was,  if  a  case  of  clear  and  distinct  intimidation  were  proved,  then  this  violation  of  the  law  should  be,  and  certainly  would  be  vigourously  dealt  with.  This  object  has  been  to  some  ex extent  tent extent  obtained,  and  certainly  they  are  not  disposed  to  press  any  case  against  any  person  in  this  town,  and  particularly  dur during  ing during  a  period  of  excitement,  and  when  there  are  strong  temp temptations  tations temptations  to  do  that  which  under  other  circumstances  the  party  charged  with  the  offence  would  be  the  last  persou  to  do.  I  have  only  to  say  I  fully  concur  in  the  observations  made  by  the  learned  Sergeant,  as  to  the  deplorable  and  fear fearful  ful fearful  consequences  which  must  ensue,  and  wishing  that  what  he  has  said  may  terminate  the  dispute.  If  this  inquiry  tends  towards  that  end,  at  least  it  has  done  some  good.  The  case  may  be  respited  generally.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  court  accedes  to  this  without  pre prejudice.  judice. prejudice.  These  thve  cases  will  stand  over  to  be  heard,  if  circumstances  should  make  it  necessary,  they  should  be  heard  at  that  time.  Therefore,  I  need  say  no  more  than  this  observation,  which  I  feel  myself  called  upon  to  make,  and  I  will  endeavour  to  say  nothing  that  I  believe  will  not  have  the:  perfect  concurrence  of  every  gentlemen  who  sits  near  me.  Looking  at  the  great  contest  which  has  been  going  on,  and  comparing  it  with  what  we  have  witnessed  at  other  times,  there  is  a  stronger  sense,  and  I  may  do  that  justice  to  the  operative  classes,  to  say  that  I  believe  there  is  on  their  part  a  stronger  sense  than  ther  was  then,  of  the  impropriety  and  the  impolic3  .  7  of  violence  of  any  kind.  That  whatever  these  cases  are,  just  or  unjust,  it  is  not  to  be  promoted  by  violence,  Ic  an  remember  the  contest  that  took  pla^e,  and  I  have  strong  reason  to  remember  the  contest  - STYLE=superscript  that  took  place  in  1842,  and  I  have  known  others  of  that  description,  and  I  think  there  is  a  greater  disposition  both  to  keep  the  peace,  and  to  use  their  influence  with  others  to  keep  the  peace,  than  there  was  at  that  time.  And  I  may  say,  I  feel  in  common  with  all  my  friends  here,  it  is  a  step  in  the  right  direction.  I  wish  to  all  parties—whilst  I  counsel  moderation  and  conciliation  to  all  parties—l  wish  particularly  the  operative  classes,  who  from  a  necessarily  de defective  fective defective  education,  may  be  most  likely  to  be  led  into  violence,  would  persevere  in  the  step  in  the  right  direction,  and  would"
