text
"OVERLAND  MAIL.  By  the  arrival  of  the  Overland  Mail  we  have  received  advices  from  Bombay  to  the  28th  of  Sep September,  tember, September,  and  Calcutta  to  the  17th  of  September.  Bombay,  qeptember  . STYLE=superscript  28th.  There  is  little  to  notice  in  the  o  f  flews  since  the  last  mail  left  Bombay,  which  was  on  the  12th  inst.  Our  new  acquisitions  in  Bombay  are  still  infested  with  dacoits,  or  armed  bands.  of  robbers.  The  final  subjugation  of  the  country  seems  as  far  off  as  ever  ;  for  the  Count  of  Ava,  being  unable  to  cope  with  our  troops  in  the  open  field,  is  taking  every  possible  means  of  annoying  us,  by  turning  the  undisciplined  rabble,  which  formerly  comprised  the  Bur Burmese  mese Burmese  army,  into  our  provinces,  there  to  plunder  the  inhabitants  who  acknowledge  our  rule,  and  to  molest  the  smaller  posts  held  by  our  troops,  in  every  possible  manner.  The  atrocities  which  these  lawless  bands  of  ruffians  commit  are  of  the  most  heinous  description  possible.  The  Governor  General  was  expected  to  leave  Calcutta  for  Rangoon  on  the  20th  instant,  and  it  was  hoped  he  would  quickly  devise  some  means  for  putting  a  stop  to  these  plundering  expe expeditions  ditions expeditions  of  the  Burmese.  Thro  ighout  India  there  is  a  sort  of  prestige  that  whatever  Lord  Dalhousie  turns  his  hands  to  will  be  pretty  sure  to  prosper,  and  his  advent  in  our  new  province  of  Pegu  is  looked  upon  by  both  the  native  and  European  community  as  the  certain  pledge  of  a  better  state  of  affairs.  But  there  is  no  use  in  disguising  the  matter,  and  you  will  find  that  what  I  wrote  a  year  ago  will  turn  out  correct,  viz,  that  it  will  be  only  at  the  gates  of  Ava  that  British  authorities  can  treat  with  his  majesty  of  Burmah.  - STYLE=superscript  Whether  we  annex  the  remainder  of  the  kingdom  or  not,  the  past  history  of  India,  and  the  present  experience  on  the  Irrawaddy,  tell  us  in  terms  to  plain  too  be  mistaken,  that  an  advance  of  our  troops  upen  Ava  must  sooner  or  later  take  place.  In  the  present  position  of  our  troops  and  steamers  on  the  river,  not  all  the  force  can  restrain  the  Burmese  from  aggression  within  our  frontier.  Even  if  we  retain  nothing  beyond  the  frontier  of  Pegu,  the  conquest  of  that  province  cannot  be  considered  complete  until  the  power  of  the  King  of  Burmah  to  annoy  us  has  been  for  ever  crippled.  To  this  fact,  I  believe,  the  Governor  General  has  been  fully  alive  all  along;  but  the  . STYLE=superscript  difficulty  of  his  position,  with  reference  to  the  home  authori authorities,  ties, authorities,  has  hitherto  caused  him  to  refrain  from  acting  on  his  own  responsibility.  As  it  is,  we  are,  in  a  manner,  offering  a  premium  for  the  most  lawless  and  ruthless  villians  in  the  East  to  perpetrate  any  atrocity  within  our  dominions.  In  England,  people  seem  to  have  an  idea  that  at  any  moment  a  blockade  of  the  riverlrrawaddy  would  starve  Burmah  Proper  into  submission;  and  by  a  large  majority  of  the  anglo-  Indian  press,  this:opinion  was  well  received  But  a  further  ac acquaintance  quaintance acquaintance  with  the  country  proves  the  fallacy  of  this  notion.  The  province  of  Burmahrroper  produces  rice  sufficient  for  itself  ;  and  at  Ave,  the  capital,  there  is  known  to  be  stored  up  sufficient  to  feed  the  capital  in  the  event  of  even  a  two  years'  famine.  The  European  and  native  princes  belonging  to  our  army,  who  were  taken  at  the  commencement  of  the  war,  and  were  not  long  ago  set  free,  declare  that  at  no  period  whatever  of  the  blockade  has  there  been  any  dangerous  scarcity  of  rice,  and  this  without  touching  upon  the  stores  laid  by  in  Ava  and  other  large  towns.  Moreover  if  you  glance  at  the  map  of  Burmah  Proper,  you  will  see  how  easy  of  access  is  the  frontier  from  China,  and  it  is  well  known  that  at  Bhamo,  the  highest  point  of  the  Irrawaddy,  an  annual  fair  is  held,  and  that  an  immense  quantity  of  merchandise  is  bought  and  sold  by  merchants  from  Tartary,  Thibet,  and  China.  This  road  is  open  all  the  year  round,  and  could  at  any  time  be  made  available  to  import  provisions  into  Burmah.  The  inference  from  this  is,  that  if  we  wish  to  coerce  the  Court  of  Ava  into  not  molesting  us  in  our  new  possessions,  we  cannot  do  so  by  means  of  a  blockade  or  starvation  ;  and  unless  we  are  content  to  keep  up  in  ',Pep  a  larger  European  force  than  we  have  through throughout  out throughout  the  Bengal  presidency,  the  King  of  Ava  must  listen  to  terms  dictated  at  the  gate  of  his  own  capital.  And  when  I  add  that  there  is  at  the  capital  of  Burmah  a  French  officer,  Captain  D'  Organy,  who  is  drilling  troops  for  the  service  of  that  monarch,  it  will  be  allowed  that  he  seems  to  expect  some  chastisement  from  us  for  his  misdeeds.  This  Captain  D'  Organy  was  in  Calcutta  not  very  long  ago,  and  upon  going  to  Rangoon,  managed  to  persuade  General  Godwin  that  he  was  only  bent  on  a  commercial  expedition.  He  managed  to  find  his  way  to  Ave,  and  is  now  busy,  as  I  said  before,  driling  the  troops  of  the  King  of  Burmah.  Matters  in  the  north-west  frontier  are  more  quiet  than  when  the  last  mail  left.  The  Afreedees  have  come  to  terms,  and  our  political  agent  is  building  a  fort  at  iMattannee,  close  to  the  Hobart  pass.  The  pass  is  once  more  open.  It  -  is  however,  with  deep  regret  that  I  have  to  mention  the  murder  of  Colonel  Mackeson,  the  well  known  Commissioner  at  Peshawur,  and  who  did  such  good  service  at  Cabool,  and  in  the  Punjaub,  during  the  late  wars.  Colonel  Mackeson  'vas  one  of  the  best  political  officers  that  ever  came  to  India,  end  his  sad  end  will  be  lamented  greatly,  both  at  home  and  in  this  country.  The  murder  took  place  in  the  open  court  at  Peshawur,  when  the  Colonel  was  about  to  close  the  business  of  the  day.  The  assassin  had  watched  his  opportunity  For  some  four  days,  and  at  last  rushed  upon  his  victim,  and  plunged  an  Afreedee  knife  into  his  breast.  The  first  intelli intelligence  gence intelligence  of  this  sad  event,  gave  out  that  the  Colonel  was  likely  to  recover;  but  he  very  soon  got  worse,  and  expired  upon  the  fourth  day  after  he  had  been  stabbed.  This  is  the  third.  British  officer  upon  whom  murder  has  been  attempted  in  do,  Punjaub  during  the  last  few  months  by  Mahometan  fanatics  The  murderer,  in  this  instance,  is  named  Abdullah,  and  is  a  disciple  of  the  Akhoou  of  Swat.  He  gives  out  that  it  was  his  intention  to  have  killed  Captain  James,  the  Assist Assistant  ant Assistant  Commissioner,  as  well  as  Colonel  Mackeson.  At  Peshawur  it  is  generally  believed  (and  Colonel  Mackeson  himself,  before  he  died,  expressed  his  opinion  that  it  was  so)  that  the  assassin  was  an  emissary  from  Cabool.  The  man  himself  asserts,  as  his  reason  for  the  murder,  that  he  had  heard  that  it  was  the  intention  of  the  British  authorities  to  send  a  force  into  the  valley  of  Swat,  and  that  he  thought  that  by  murdering  the  greatest  man  in  Peshawur,  he  would  prevent  the  expedition  being  sent  at  all  He  asserts  that  he  came  all  the  way  from  Jellalabad  to  carry  out  his  diabolical  intentions.  In  the  north  west  provinces,  about  Cawnpore  and  Be Benares,  nares, Benares,  there  is  much  less  sickness  than  when  I  last  wrote.  The  cholera  has  nearly  disappeared,  and  has  been  lately  con confined  fined confined  to  the  very  poorest  and  worst  fed  of  the  native  popu-  In  the  Nizam's  dominians  a  very  severe  fight  has  taken  place  between  a  detachment  of  the  Hydrabad  contingent,  under  Brigadier  Mayne,  on  the  one  hand,  and  a  body  of  Arab  disbanded  troops,  who  had  seized  upon  a  fort  near  Bc Bcjapoore,  japoore, Bcjapoore,  the  proporty  of  the  Rajah  of  Dewalgaum.  The  Arabs  were  beaten,  not  before  two  English  officers  (Captain  Parker,  of  the  Nizam's  6th  infantry  regiment,  and  Ensign  Bosworth,  of  the  26th  Bombay  Native  Infantry)  and  a  number  of  Sepoys  were  killed.  At  Allahabad,  as  well  as  in  Bombay  and  Calcutta,  the  East  India  Company  are  carrying  out  preparations  for  the  establishment  of  the  electric  telegraph  with  the  utmost  ex expedition.  pedition. expedition.  A  Mr.  H.  Davidson,  of  the  Bengal  Civil  Service,  who  held  the  appointment  of  settlement  officer  in  the  Sutlej  ter territories,  ritories, territories,  applied  lately  to  the  Governor-General  for  an  increase  of  salary,  and  in  writing  on  the  subject  to  Major  Ramsay,  private  secretary  to  the  Governor-General,  has  en enclosed  closed enclosed  a  cheque  for  3000  rupees  (L  300).  On  being  called  upon  for  an  explanation  for  such  an  extraordinary  proceed proceeding,  ing, proceeding,  he  repudiated  altogether  the  idea  of  a  bribe,  but  stated  that  he  had  enclosed  the  money  as  a  fee  to  the  private  secre secretary,  tary, secretary,  believing  such  to  be  customary.  Upon  receiving  this  reply,  Lord  Dalhousie  ordered  Sir  Henry  Lawrence  to  report  upon  Mr  Davidson's  sanity,  and,  after  an  inquiry  at  Lahore,  his  lordship  had  been  assured  that  the  gentleman  does  not  ap appear  pear appear  to  be  mad.  Under  these  circumstances,  there  was  but  one  course  left  for  the  Governor-General  to  pursue,  viz.,  to  suspend  Mr.  Davidson  until  the  pleasure  of  the  court  can  be  known  ;  and  this  has  been  done.  Sir  Henry  Pottinger,  the  governor  of  Madras,  expects  to  be  relieved  very  shortly,  by  Sir  George  Anderson,  from  Ceylon.  It  is  also  said,  that  Lord  Falkland  goes  home  before  long.  He  will  be  little  regretted  here.  'rho  ornDS  in  the  DrOIiTINN  iincfor  tho  Rombay  Proraidonon  have,  in  a  great  measure,  failed,  owing  to  the  want  of  water  at  the  end  of  the  monsoon.  This  has  rather  a  serious  effect  upon  the  commercial  world.  The  markets  are  dull,  and  money  is  more  scarce  than  when  the  last  mail  ierti.  E.Ol-...g0  on  London  is  at  2s.  lid.  to  2s.  14d.  per  rupee,  at  six  months'  sight  ;  and  good  bills  on  China  have  been  sold  as  high  as  Its.  254  per  100  dollars,  at  sixty  days'  sight.  The  opium  trade  is  nearly  at  a  stand-still,  only  171  chests  having  been  sent  to  China  by  the  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Company's  steamer,  on  the  16th  instant.  A  notification  had  been  issued  by  the  Government  giving  notice  that  the  Foar  per  Cent  Loan,  dated  Ist  Feb Febbruary,  bruary, Febbruary,  1843,  is  closed  for  the  receipt  of:cash  subscriptions  from  this  date  at  the  public  treasuries  in  Calcutta,  and  at  all  other  treasuries  under  the  three  Presidencies  of  Fort  William,  Madras,  and.  Bombay,  as  well  as  at  the  treasuries  under  the  Supreme  Government,  and  the  Agra  Government,  from  date  of  receipt  of  this  notification  ;  after  which  no  further  cash  subscriptions  to  that  loan  will  be  receiued.  This  has  had  the  effect  of  increasing  very  much  the  de demand  mand demand  for  all  safe  investments,  and  Bank  Shares  are  at  a  considerable  premium.  P.S.  I  open  my  letter  to  say  that  the  Honourable  Com Company's  pany's Company's  steam-frigate  Feroze  has  just  arrived  from  Calcutta,  all  well  on  board.  COMMERCIAL.  CALCUTTA  MARKETS.  (FROM  THE  CALCUTTA  ENGLISHMAN,  OF  IIEPT.  17.)  Saturday,  Sept.  17.  Very  little  change  has  occured  in  our  export  market  since  the  date  of  our  last  report,  and  transactions  have  been  upon  rather  a  limited  scale.  Although  the  prospects  of  the  indigo  crop  have  varied  in  several  districts,  yet  altogether  the  aggregate  result  remains  unchanged,  and  according  to  present  appearances,  the  ut utmost  most utmost  increase  that  can  be  expected  on  last  year's  figure  cannot  ex exceed  ceed exceed  a  very  few  thousand  maunds.  127  chests  H  and  M  Tirhoot  indigo  have  been  sold  at  10  Rs  per  md.  The  shipments  to  date  amount  to  2'1,850  chests,  containing  100,798  'nomads,  of  which  14,907  chests  have  gone  to  Great  Britain,  and  8,189  chests  to  France.  The  market  Is  barely  supplied  with  sugar,  but  prices  are  supported  consequent  on  buyers  operating  for  Bombay,  a  good  domand  prevails  for  rice,  and  the  table  kind,  has  further  advanced  1  to  2  annas  per  md.  An  improved  demand  for  the  finer  sorts  of  saltpetre  has  sprung  up  within  the  last  few  days.  The  quality  of  the  safflower  for  sale  holds  out  but  small  temptation  to  shippers,  and  transactions  have  been  limited  without  any  decline  in  price.  Hides  show  a  considera considerable  ble considerable  increase  in  the  quantity  shipped  since  the  date  of  our  last  re report,  port, report,  but  without  any  alteration  in  value.  Supplies  of  linseed  are  moderate,  and  prices  remain  at  2-12  to  2-14,  The  available  stoct  of  rapesued  is  also  small,  but  it  is  not  wanted  for  shipment.  Thu  scarcity  of  sticiac  in  the  interior  has  induced  hol  .ers  of  lac  dye  to  be  to  be  very  firm,  and  little,  consequently  has  been  done  in  the  article.  The  position  of  shellac  remains  unchanged.  In  our  Import  Market,  the  demand  for  grey  shirtings,  jaconets  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  both  grey  and  bleached,  and  grey  madapollams  continues  good.  Our  advices  from  the  upper  provinces  are  less  encouragi  - STYLE=superscript  g.  and,  upon  the  whole,  our  market  may  :be  considered  not  so  animated  as  it  was  at  the  date  of  our  last  advices.  This,  however,  it  must  be  remembered,  is  always  the  dullest  season,  owing  to  the  approach  of  the  great  Doorga  Pooja  holidays,  which  will  this  year  continence  on  the  6th  proximo.  Copper  is  quiet,  and  has  sightly  declined.  Iron  maintains  its  place,  although  only  a  moderate  business  has  been  done  in  the  metal.  zpelter  and  lead  are  without  report  of  sale.  Salt  has  slightly  improved  in  value  during  the  last  few  days.  The  Money  Market  continues  to  be  well  supplied,  advances  being  readily  available,  on  fair  securities,  at  the  current  rates  of  interest,  Government  Securities  are  quoted  at  108  to  106.0  ;  Transfer  Stocks,  103-4  to  103-12  New  Fives  ;  Sicca  Four  per  cent  ;  92-10  to  99-12  ;  Company's  Rupee,  ditto,  100.  Since  writing  the  above,  a  Government  notification  of  yesterday's  date  has  appeared,  announc announcing  ing announcing  that  the  four  per  cent.  Loan  has  been  closed.  Wc  have  no  alteration  to  notice  in  the  share  market,  Rates  of  exchange  fsr  the  present  mail  have  been  steady  throughout  at  2-I  for  credits.  and  2-1  to  2-1  s  for  documents  at  six  months'  sight.  The  market  to-day  closes  at  the  same  figure.  but  sales  are  difficult  to  effect,  and  as  the  supply  is  rather  greater  than  the  demand,  rates  may  possibly  advance  an  eighth  before  the  departure  of  the  mail.  Bank  post  bills  204t0  2  :  30  days'  sight  bank  bills  2  Off  ;On  China,  246  to  25'1  Rs.  per  100  dollars  :  on  Singapore,  226  to  230  ditto;  on  Madras  and  Bombay,  at  three  days'  sight  par.  We  have  hardly  any  change  to  notiee  in  the  rates  of  freight.  We  quote  to  Great  Britain,  43-15,  saltpetre  ;  3-17-6,  sugar  ;  £4-0  rice  ;  4-5-6,  £4-10  oilseeds;  and  £3  hi,  jute.  Tonnage  is  scarce  particularly  for  light  freight,  such  as  silk,  tftc.  BOMBAY  MARKETS.  [FROM  THE  12TH  TO  THE  27TH  SEPT.  INCLUSIVE.]  Since  the  date  of  our  last  report  there  has  ben  less  business  transacted  than  we  expeeted  at  that  time  would  have  been  the  case.  During  the  last  fortnight  orders  from  the  districts  were  at  first  received  to  a  considerable  extent,  in  consequence  of  the  very  scanty  fall  of  rain  lately:  many  of  those  orders  have  been  countermanded,  and  others  are  now  coming  in  but  slowly.  However,  by  late  accnutss  we  have  received  advices  of  indications  of  rain,  which,  if  realiteds  must  impart  a  briskness  to  trade.  Grey  Shirting,  33  yards  40  inch.—The  lower  and  middling  qualitie,  of  these  are  saleable  at  Rs.  4t  to  42,  the  higher  qualities  are  not  in  so  much  request.  45  inch  is  without  any  material  change  in  value,  and  is  in  slight  inquiry.  Grey  Long  Cloth.—We  arc  still  without  the  demand  we  ought  to  have  at  this  season,  and  the  prices  offered,  are  extremely  low.  Grey  T,  Cloth.  —N  o  favourable  change  has  as  yet  taken  place  as  re regards  gards regards  these  goods.  Grey  domestics  remain  almost  without  change,  and  very  few  sales  are  reported;  short  widths  of  the  coarser  desctiplion  are  most  wanted.  Grey  Madapollams  continue  in  good  demand.  Grey  Jacconnets  of  a  description  worth  Rs.  1  8-16  and  upwards,  and  and  40  by  45  inch  are  scarce,  and  in  request.  Grey  Twills.—The  market  overstocked,  and  prices  have  de declined.  clined. declined.  Hleaehed  Shirting.,—The  lcwer  qualities  arc  still  in  demand  ;  for  other  descriptions  inquiry  has  moderated,  and  the  value  has  slightly  declined.  Bleached  Madapollams.—The  lowest  qualities  are  scarce  and  in  re request,  quest, request,  other  descriptions  are  in  moderate  inquiry.  Bleached  Jacconets.—Higher  descriptions  have  slightly  receded  in  value,  .  .  .  Cainbrics,  12  yards.—The  higher  descriptions  maintained  their  value,  but  the  lower.qualities  have  somewhat  declined  in  price.  leippits  are  without  any  material  change.  Dimity  of  24  and  12  yards  is  without  material  change,  and  is  sale saleable  able saleable  at  Its.  4  and  Rs.  2.  Mall.—The  finer  descriptions  have  slightly  improved  in  value,  while  the  ordinary  qualities  remain  without  change.  Buck  Muslins  continue  saleable.  Turkey  Red  Twills  have  been  dull  for  some  time  past.  Turkey  Red  Mulls  have  slightly  declined.  Dyed  Cambrics  of  28  yards  are  wanted.  Twist.—We  have  no  improvement  in  value  to  note,  and  inquiry  hay  been  more  moderate  of  late  both  for  mule  and  water.  Turkey  red  is  in  request  and  saleable.  Orange  is  with  inquiry,  and  difficult  of  sale.  Ball  thread  is  in  fair  inquiry.  Canvas.—The  stock  of  this  is  considerably  reduced,  and  is  getting  scarce  I  the  remark  applies  to  cordage  and  twine.  Paints.—The  better  qualities  a.re  in  demand  at  Rss.  10  to  Rs.  12.  Turpentine  at  Rs.  2to  Rs.  2./.  Linseed  oil  raw,  at  Rs.  1  8-16  to  Rs  1  10-16  ;  and  boiled  at  Rs.  14  to  Rs.  2.  Bottles,  quart,  Rs,  Ito  Rs.  1  2-16  ;  and  pint  at  10  annas  ;  the  demand  is  not  great.  Brandy  in  cask  is  reported  at  Rs.  4.i  per  gallon.  Metals—Copper.  The  market  is  looking  up.  For  sheathing  we  quote  624  to  63  Rs.;  brazier's,  Rs.  624;  bottom,  Rs.  63  to  64  ;  tile,  Its.  56  to  564;  South  American  slab  copper,  Rs.  54  to  55  ;  sheath sheathing,  ing, sheathing,  nails,  Its  52  to  53;  and  brass  sheathing,  Rs.  55  to  58  per  cwt.  Iron  has  slightly  advanced  Sweedish  bar  to  Rs.  48  to  50;  steel  in  tubs,  Its.  12!;  faggot  or  bun  le,  Rs.  9  to  11;  English  bar,  R  5.35  to  36  square  nailrod.  Rs.  34  to  85  ;  round  rod,  Is.  44  to  49;  sheet  iron,  Bs.  74  to  74  ,  and  hops,  Rs.  6  to  7  ;  Lead,  little  business  has  been  done.  Our  quotations  are  pig,  Rs.  11  ;  sheet,  Its.  14;  Spelter,  Rs.  124  to  13.  Quicksilver,  Rs,  54.  Tin  Plates,  Rs.  13  to  134.  Red  lead,  Rs.  12.±.  White  lead,  Its.  Il  to  114;  but  little  or  none  now  remains  on  first  hands,  Cochineal,  Rs.  1  13-16  to  Its.  1  14-16.  Saffron.-118,  12  to  Rs.  13.  Pepper.—Bhutcole  fetches  Rs.  75,  and  Malabar  Rs.  70  to  72  Es.  very  little  in  the  market.  Cotton.—The  last  accounts  from  China  of  the  state  of  the  markets  there  quite  prevent  any  operation  in  cotton,  and  from  England  there  is  no  encouragement  for  shippers;  and  as  the  cotton  dealers  hold  out  for  fornier  prices,  few  operations  are  taking  place,  but  cotton  might  be  purchased  at  about  one  rupee  per  candy  cheaper,  making  Broach,  Surat,  and  Jambooser  at  Rs.  104  to  105,  Dhollerah  Rs,  103  per  candy.  Linseed  is  held  at  Rs.  34,  at  which  business  has  been  done,  but  Rs.  3  10-16  is  now  asked,  at  which  no  transactions  have  transpired.  Exchange  on  England  has  been  pretty  steady  throughout  the  fort fortnight,  night, fortnight,  and  no  large  amount  has  been  transacted,  the  rate  having  varied  from  2s.  lid.  to  2s.  lid,  per  Rs.  six  months'  sight  for  the  first-class  paper,  and  2s.  14d.  to  2s.  lid.  for  bills  secured  by  documents.  Freights  have  also  remained  steady  at  £2  I7s.  ed.  to  £3  to  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  with  £3  to  £3  Bs.  6d.  to  London,  but  not  much  has  been  done  to  either  port.  From  the  London  Gazettee  of  last  night.  BANKRUPTCIES  ANNULLED.  William  Tugood,  draper,  'name,  Oxford.  BANKRUPTS.  George  Langford,  brewer,  Portsca,  Southampton.  Frederick  Freeman  Cobb,  grocer,  Dover,  Kent.  Charles  Wrightson,  grocer,  High-street,  Itlar)lebone,  Mid.*  Arthur  Ryder  Homersham,  woolstaplcr,  Russel-street,  Ber Beruluodbey,  uluodbey, Beruluodbey,  Surrey.  William  Mundy,  cow-keeper,  Palace-row,  New-road,  St  .  Pancras,  Middlesex.  Charles  Gardner  Cresswell,  chemist,  Kidderminster.  Joseph  Corbett,  coal  merchant,  Birmingham.  James  George  Retchford,  shoe  dealer,  Stone,  Staffordshire.  William  Brook,  stuff  merchant,  Manchester.  GREAT  FIRE  AT  DARWEN.—On  Wednesday  after aftermon,  mon, aftermon,  a  bout  two  o'clock,  a  fire  broke  out  at  the  Paper-stain Paper-stainin  in Paper-stainin  Works  of  Messrs  Potter,  Over  Darwen,  and  speedliy  en enveloped  veloped enveloped  the  whole  of  the  extensive  range  of  premises  in  one  bhize.  The  works  comprise  a  large  range  of  buildings,  three  stories  high,  and  afford  employment  to  a  considerable  num number  ber number  of  hands  ;  and  as  the  people  were  at  work  when  the  fire  brolie  out,  it  was  with  difficulty  many  of  them  escaped,  leavilg  behind  them  watches,  and  wearing  apparel  in  end endless  less endless  lariety.  Three  engines  .were  on  the  spot,  one  from  Darwin,  and  two  from  Blackburn,  and  poured  on  to  the  burning  pile  large  volumes  of  water  ;  but  notwithstanding  the  grtatest  exertions  by  the  firemen,  the  workpeople  and  the  inhabitants  generally,  the  fire  was  not  subdued  till  pro property  perty property  estknated  at  from  £15,000  to  £20,000  had  been  de destroyed.  stroyed. destroyed.  .  A  QurEn  FUNERAL.—=A  correspondent  of  the  Norwich  (Gmnecticut)  Examiner  writes  Between  16  and  20  slaves  commenced  a  stampede  from  one  of  the  Southern  States  not  loig  since,  and  arrived  safely  in  a  city  of  the  West,  which  is  somtwhat  famous  as  a  gateway  out  of  the  house  of  bondage,  vhen,  to  their  utter  consternation,  they  found  that  their  movements  had  been  anticipated,  and  every  avenue  leading  from  th  city  was  watched  day  and  night  for  their  apprehension.  What  was  to  be  done?  It  was  hard  to  think  of  going  back.  Scouts  reported  that  it  was  impossible  to  elude  the  vigilanke  of  a  well-paid,  numerous,  and  unscrupu unscrupulous  lous unscrupulous  police,  whichwas  surrounding-  the  city  as  a  body-guard.  Those  who  think  (coloured  people  do  not  know  enough  to  take  care  of  themielves  would  have  given  their  case  up  as  hopeless.  But  not  ;o  they.  Thinking  that  even  a  hireling  slave-catcher  would STYLE=superscript  3uffer  a  funeral  procession  to  pass  unmo unmolested  lested unmolested  upon  the  pubic  road,  a  number  of  carriages  were  hired,  coffin  and  hearse  also  procured,  and,  on  a  summer's  afternoon,  the  careless  passing  throng  saw,  as  they  supposed,  a  coloured  funeral  procession  slowly  winding.  its  way  out  of  the  city.  The  cortege  attracted  little  attention  ;  quietly  and  without  interruption  it  passed  several  miles  beyond  the  town,  where  waggons  were  in  waiting.  Hearses  and  carriages  were  then  dismissed,  and  near  a  score  of  the  happy  children  of  the  model  Republic  (')  went  rattling  along,  under  the  ricndly  cover  of  night,  as  fast  as  possible  towards  Victoria's  old  F.  A  R,LY  OLOSING.  TO  TEE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  •  311 STYLE=superscript  ,-11  ig  with  Liverpool,plea,siirel  obs  e  2  r  9  v  t  e  h  .  f  O  l,  n  e  t  t.  ,  ,0  18  ,  .  0  52  .  rt.  ing  hoises  in  the  Drapery  Trade  have  agreed  to  close  ata  n  ear  li  er  h  our  t  h  an  usua  l  d  ur  i  ng  t  h  e  year,  and  have  further  deto  ,, STYLE=superscript  mined  to  abolish  the  system  (gradu.lll3l  of  late  shopping  on  o.4...arday  evenings.  Shopkeeiers  have  adhered  to  late  hours  on  tl-1.  the  last  day  tf  the  week,  after  all  other  branches  of  trades  and  pofessions  have,  without  exception,  adopted  on  Saurdays  an  earlier,  rather  than  a  later  hour  of  reirement  from  the  duties  of  busi business.  ness. business.  I  sincerelyliope  they  will  persevere  in  their  strict  adherence  to  umetuality  in  the  hours  quoted,  and  the  public  will  ulquestionably  give  them  their  full  support.  It  is  with  regret  I  Peheive  that  the  Early  Clos Closing  ing Closing  Association  stigmat  se  old-established  in  Bold-street,  at-having  a  wicked  thirst  for  and  as  being  illberal  and  in  disposition,  because  they  hal  l  ,  by  holding  back  in  the  present  instance,  prevento  them  from  obtain obtaining  ing obtaining  in  this  nay  be  painful  to  think  g STYLE=superscript  s STYLE=superscript  thattill  such  e STYLE=superscript  a  r STYLE=superscript  man manner  ner manner  ;  indeed  it  is  wonderful,  that  new  and  large  concerns  should  be  allowed  by  then  thus  to  take  the  lead  in  what  is  just  and  right.  It  certainly  bespeaks  the  higher  intelligence  whith  conducts  the  other  establishments  in  comparison  'fith  theirs.  At  the  same  time,  the  Association  would  lertainly  benefit  their  own  cause,  by  withdrawing  fr  their  advertisements,  expressions  so  likely  to  crea  e  b  a  d  feeling  between  themselves  and  any  of  the.  em employers  ployers employers  in  town.  I  cannot  but  remark,  that  th  e  half  hours  quoted  in  their  Time  List  are  great  ey  i  _  sores,  and  ought  to  be  changed  as  soon  as  possiblt.  to  six  o'clock  in  the  one  case,  and  seven  in  the  other.  With  thanks  for  your  advocacy,  on  former  occasions,  of  early  hours  of  shop  closing,  I  am,  Sir,  your  obedient  Servant,  ONE  INTERESTED."
