text
"COUYTY  COURT.-YESTERDAY.  His  HONOR  sat  at  ten  o'clock  yesterday.  HENDERSON  V.  ZWITCHENBART.—This  was  an  action  brought  by  the  captain  of  the  brigantine  Cameleon,  named  Henderson,  against  Messrs.  Zwitehenbart,  Blessig  and  Braun,  merchants,  of  Liverpool,  to  re recover  cover recover  the  sum  of  36/.  6s.  6d.,  for  the  freight  of  300  sacks  of  flour,  shipped  from  the  port  of  Santander,  in  Spain,  in  January  last,  to  the  defendants.  Mr.  GROCOTT  appeared  for  the  plaintiffs,  in  the  absence  of  Sir  George  Stephen  ;  and  Mr.  ASPINALL  for  the  defence.  From  the  evidence  given  by  the  plaintiff,  it  ap appeared  peared appeared  that  a  negociation  took  place  between  Messrs.  Gallo  and  company,  to  charter  the  vessel  with  flour  from  Santander  to  Liverpool.  The  plaintiff  accordingly  chartered  the  vessel  to  these  parties,  with  flour  consigned  to  a  party  named  Lorenzo  de  Bermingham,  and  500  sacks  were  con consigned  signed consigned  and  delivered  to  the  defendants.  Mr.  Blessig,  one  of  the  defendants,  offered  to  pay  the  amount  of  freight  less  71.,  which  he  claimed  to  have  deducted  for  damage.  The  action  was  accor accordingly  dingly accordingly  brought.  Mr  ASPINALL,  on  the  part  of  the  defendants,  relied  upon  the  fact,  that  the  plaintiff,  by  his'  own  admission,  had  chartered  the  vessel  for  a  lump  sum  of  1001.  to  Messrs.  Gallo,  not  at  the  rate  of  so  much  a  ton,  and  having  been  paid  that  amount,  was  not  entitled  to  claim  any  more.  If  freight  was  to  be  paid  to  any  one,  it  should  be  to  Messrs.  Gallo,  who  had  chartered  the  vessel,  and  not  to  the  plaintiff.  It  appeared  that  a  larger  sum  was  de de.manded  .manded de.manded  of  the  plaintiff  than  the  proportionate  rate  at  which  the  vessel  was  chartered.  A  lengthened  legal  argument  took  place  upon  the  point  involved  in  the  question.  After  which,  his  HoNon  said  he  would  take  time  to  look  over  the  authorities,  and  would  reserve  his  judgment  upon  the  case  until  Monday  the  21st  instant.  The  other•  cases  heard  daring  the  day  possessed  no  features  of  public  inter  est.  OPIUM.  —From.  a  return  just  published  it  is  shown  tha  he  importation  of  opium  has  increased.  In  the  month  endodt  the  10ah  ule.,  the  quaetity  was  36,759  lbs.  Catherine  Hayes  has  been  very  successful  on  the  Pacific  shore,  and  it  is  stated  that  she  has  sent  home  $50,000  for  the  purchase  of  an  estate.—New  York  Herald.  Mr.  Dargan  has  contributed  the  munificent  sum  of  £lOO  towards  the  relief  of  the  sufferers  by  the  late  flood  in  Mallow.  By  a  canvass  from  house  to  house  throughout  two  muni municipal  cipal municipal  wards  in  Manchester;  containing  a  population  of  nearly  50,000  persons,  it  is  found,  that  of  all  the  youths  between  13  and  14  years  of  age,  one  in  every  3  5  1 STYLE=superscript  have  never  been  to  a  day-school.  Messrs.  Napier  and  Edmonds  have  arrived  in  Stockholm,  as  representatives  of  the  English  railway  firm,  Peto,  Betts,  Bramy,  and  .  Geach,  to  treat  with  th  e  Swedish  government  on  the  concession  of  a  new  line  of  railway  from  Gothenburg.  to  Stockholm,  probably  with  one  o  r  more  extens  i  ve  b  ranch  lines.  THE  FRENCH  OPERA.—MdIIe.  Sophie  Cruvelli,  on  Satur Saturday  day Saturday  last,  signed  an  engagement  with  the  Opera  for  two  years  at  a  salary  of  £4,000  sterling  a-year.  She  is  to  choose  her  own  parts,  to  play  only  twice  a-week,  and  to  have  four  month's  vacation  in  each  year.  In  case  she  should  be  called  upon  to  sing  three  times  a-week,  the  extra  night  is  to  be  paid  £6O.  A  separate  engagement  is  entered  into  for  two  months  of  the  lady's  vacation,  during  the  Universal  Exhibi Exhibition  tion Exhibition  of  1855,  at  the  rate  of  £lOOO  per  month,  so  that  the  salary  for  the  second  year  will,  in  fact,  be  £6,000.  DECREASE  OF  CRIME  IN  IRELAND.  —Although  the  propor proportion  tion proportion  of  offenders  in  Ireland  to  her  population,  when  it  is  compared  with  that  of  England  and  Scotland,  is  lamentably  great,  yet  there  is  a  decided  progressive  improvement  in  her  social  state,  as  evinced  by  the  decrease  in  the  number  charged  with  offence  :-1850,  compared  with  1849,  showed  a  decrease  in  the  number  charged  with  offence  before  the  tribunals  of  Assizes  and  Quarter  Sessions,  of  10,663  ;  1851,  comparedwith  1850,  a  decrease  o  f  6,642  ;  andnow,  1852,  com compared  pared compared  with  1851,  shows  a  furth  er  d  ecrease  of  7,006.  ' STYLE=superscript  Being  a  total  decrease  in  the  last  three  years  of  24,311.  This  de decrease  crease decrease  in  1852  will  be  found  to  have  taken  place  in  every  class  of  offence,  which  cannot  be  said  of  either  England  or  Scotland.  As  regards  Ireland,  the  decrease  exists  not  only  in  every  class  of  offence,  but  in  every  province.  TERRIBLE  PUBLIC  EXECUTION.—At  an  execution  of  fear  criminals  in  Mexico,  on  the  24th  of  September,  a  shocking  addition  was  made  to  the  suff  er  in  gs  o  f  one  o  f  t  h  e  crim  inals.'''  Three  were  garotted  with  the  accustomed  readiness  ;  but  on  the  executioners  endeavouring  to  perform  the  last  functions  on  the  fourth,  the  machinery  could  not  be  made  to  work.  For  some  minutes  endeavours  to  force  it  to  do  so  were  made,  but  in  vain  ;  and  finally  the  unfortunate  victim  was  obliged  to  be  released  from  the  chair,  to  gaze  on  the  corp  ses  o  f  hi  s  fellow  sufferers,  while  one  of  them  was  lifted  out  to  make  room  for  him,  and,  finally  to  take  his  seat  in  the  chair  thus  vacated,  there  to  undergo  his  sentence.  This  was  the  second  time,  of  late,  that  a  similar  shocking  scene  has  been  witnessed:in  Mexico.—yew  York  Herald.  qmnira  —On  Wednesday,  John  Lee,  a  private  in  the  first  battalion  of  uoiustreasn  urees  es,  ees  brought  up  tn  I.  .7.1,u  - STYLE=superscript  s-woocl  Barracks,  in  custody,  from  St.  George's  Barracks,  Charing-cross  to  receive  corpo  ra  l  punishment,  pursuant  to  the  sentenc  e  o  f  a  court-martial  held  on  Friday  last.  It  appeared  that  on  Thursday  last,  when  returning  from  guard,  he  was  addressed  by  the  sergeant  on  a  slight  breach  of  military  discipline,  when  he  used  very.  abusive  language,  and  showed  other  signs  of  insubordination.  so  much  so  that  he  was  threatened  with  an  arrest.  This  appear appeared  ed appeared  to  be  altogethei  without  the  desired  effect,  forhe  continued  to  use  very  violent  language,  and  eventually  he  drew  his  bayonet  and  threatened  the  sergeant  with  personal  violence,  but  he  was  overpowered  and  taken  into  custody.  For  this  offence  he  was,  as  stated  above,  tried  by  a  court-martial,  and  sentenced  to  receive  fifty  lashes.  He  was  accordingly  tied  up  and  the  stated  number  of  lashes  inflicted,  which  he  received  with  a  firmness  befitting  a  better  man,  scarcely  uttering  a  cry,  and  at  its  conclusion  he  was  heard,  it  is  stated,  to  express  his  determination  to  have  his  revenge.  THE  MARCH  or  MATRIMONY.—Ten  young  couples  are  on  the  books  of  the  Gateshead  Union  for  marriage,  their  respective  ages  bein  g  22  an  d  20,  2  0  and  22,  20  and  18,  25  and  27,  30  and  25,  30  and  21,  21  and  19,  22  and  20,  20  and  19,  and  24  and  25.  So  great,  indeed,  is  the  demand  in  Gateshead  for  wives  that  a  young  widow  who  lost  her  hus husband  band husband  by  the  epidemic  in  September  was  nominated  on  Sun Sunday  day Sunday  in  our  parochial  church  as  the  bride-elect  of  a  young  bachelor  !  There  is  a  line  in  Hamlet  which  will  rise  to  the  reader's  eye  ;  but  before  he  quotes  it,  let  him  listen  to  the  recital  of  another  domestic  romance,  the  remembrance  of  which  has  been  revived  by  the  occurrence  of  Sunday.  There  was  once  a  coal-mine  explosion  on  the  Tyne,  and  many  lives  were  sacrificed.  The  bodies  of  the  dead  could  not  be  recovered  until  some  weeks  had  passed  away  ;  and  the  corpse  of  one  married  man,  when  it  was  carried  hom  e  ,  found  th  e  w  id  ow  l  y  i  ng  b  y  the  side  of  another  husband!  She  had  wedded  her  new  spouse  before  burying  his  prede predecessor.  cessor. predecessor.  Shakespeare  exhausted  worlds,  and  th  en  i  mag  i  ne  d  new  but  he  never  dreamt  of  marriage  baked  meats  coldly  furnishing  forth  the  burial  tables  Real  life  is  more  than  a  match  for  fiction.  —Gateshead  Observer.  CAUGHT  NAPPING.—One  of  the  railway  porters  at  Con Conway  way Conway  (says  a  correspondent),  experienced  a  practical  joke  on  Thursday  last  which,  I  doubt  not,  will  in  future  keep  him  a  little  more  This  man  was  left  to  attend  to  the  train  arriving  at  Conway  about  12  p.m.,  from  Chester.  Two  gentlemen,  expecting  to  meet  a  f  r  i  en  d,  went  to  t  h  e  station  at  that  time,  a  n  d  found  the  porter  fast  asleep—so  much  so,  that  it  was  impossible  to  rouse  him.  After  several  ineffectual  attempts  to  waken  him,  they  determined  to  punish  him  for  his  neglect.  They  first  blackened  his  face  most  effectually,  and  then  cut  off  as  fine  a  pair  of  whiskers  as  you  could  meet  with  in  a  nine  days'  march.  When  the  train  had  actually  arrived  they  rang  the  bell  in  his  ears,  which  aroused  him,  and  in  a  half-bewildered  state  he  called  out,  Conway,  Conway  He  weer  dreamt  of  the  figure  he  cut.  This  discovery  he  made  on  his  return  home,  and  it  is  already  manifest  that  he  is  much  more  active  since  this  joke  was  played  upon  him,  and  I  quea  ti  o  n  if  th  e  most  severe  reprimand  would  have  answered  so  well.  WHAT  IS  THE  MAINE  LAW  ?—lt  is  an  act  to  put  an  end  to  traffic  in  intoxicating  drinks  among  the  people.  It  has  nothing  to  do  with  a  man's  own  private  affairs  •,  it  has  nothing  to  do  with  the  interior  of  any  man's  family  ;  any  man,  wherever  he  can  find  liquor,  if  he  chooses  may  purchase  it,  and  bring  it  into  his  own  family,  and  use  it  there  if  he  likes—the  law  does  not  touch  it  or  him.  It  considers  every  man's  house  his  castle,  and  if  he  has  a  mind  to  drink  in  the  bosom  of  his  family,  it  does  not  take  hold  of  him  ;  it  leaves  him  free  in  that  respect.  But  if  any  man  does  bring  intoxi intoxicating  cating intoxicating  liquors  into  th  e  St  a  t  e  f  or  sa  l  e,  if  h  e  sells  i  ntoxicating  drink  to  make  money  by  it,  if  he  even  gives  it  away,  and  takes  something  else  to  evade  the  law,  what  does  the  law  do?  It  takes  all  his  rum  away,  and  throws  it  on  the  ground.  It  does  not  touch  his  pocket  or  his  person,  but  it  You  are  not  a  fit  person  to  have  the  possession  of  intoxicating  drink,  and  we  shall  take  it  If  a  man  takes  solemn  oath  that  he  will  not  sell,  and  does  not  intend  to  sell,  any  of  that  spirit,  it  leaves  him  unmolested.  —Tait.  RAILWAY  ROUND  THE  BRISTOL  QUAYS.—This  project  has  been  favourably  received,  and  that  the  undertaking  will  be  matured  by  the  Bristol  Chamber  of  Commerce,  who  have  been  in  communication  with  the  various  railway  companies  and  influential  parties  on  the  subject.  The  object  aimed  at  is  to  connect  the  quays  and  wharfage  of  the  city  with  the  grand  terminus  of  the  three  lines  of  rail  which  there  con converge,  verge, converge,  thus  bringing.  the  very  heart  of  the  city  into  rapid  connection  with  the  lines.  The  plan  has  been  'natured,  and  the  cost  estimated;  it  is  proposed  to  run  a  line  of  rails  around  the  various  quays,  upon  the  same  level,  and  converge  these  to  the  south  side  of  Queen-square,  where  a  large  depot,  or  goods  terminus,  would  be  constructed.  The  goods  thus  collected  will  be  raised  by  hydraulic  power  to  a  higher  level,  whence  they  will:be  carried  across  the  float  to  the  opposite  wharf  on  a  bridge  having  an  opening  of  about  30  feet,  thence  running  along  a  line  of  rail  which  will  be  constructed  and  carried  over  the  great  public  thoroughfares,  upon  the  same  level  as  the  main  lines  of  rail.  This  would  be  accom accomplished  plished accomplished  by  a  series  of  arches  forming  a  long  viaduct  about  16  feet  in  height.  Branch  lines  with  inclined  planes  would  be  made  for  the  purpose  of  facilitating  the  removal  .of  the  immense  rafts  of  timber  now  floated  up,"
