text
"THE  WEATHERAND  THE  PARKS.  The  continuance  of  the  extreme  cold  of  Tuesday,  during  the  night,  when  the  temperature  stood  for  several  hours  as  low  as  26  Fahrenheit,  with  a  sharp  and  strong  N.N.V.  wind,  had  the  effect  of  greatly  increasing  the  thickness  and  security  of  the  ice,  which  was  on  Tuesday  thin  and  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  brittle.  THE  SERPEI•ITINE.  — STYLE=superscript  Yesterday  morning  the  Humane  Society's  men,  under  the  inspection  of  Mr.  Williams,  the  supsrintendent,  made  an  inspection  of  the  ice,  and  lines  were  drawn  across  so  as  to  mark  the  open  space  which  would  be  comparatively  safe,  men  being  placed  on  duty  with  ropes  and  sledge  ladders  to  be  in  readiness  in  case  of  accident.  There  conld  not  have  been  less  than  five  thousand  persons  at  one  time  assembled  on  the  ice,  the  banks  being  lined  by  several  thousand  well-dressed  spectators,  principally  ladies,  who  appeared  to  enjoy  the  sight  of  the  sport.  The  tent  of  the  Royal  Skating  Society  was  erected  above  the  bridge,  and  a  large  number  of  the  members  were  present,  the  snow  havi.zg  been  cleared  to  render  the  skating  easy.  If  the  weather  continues,  the  ice  will  be  in  first-rate  condi condition.  tion. condition.  During  the  day  upwards  of  twenty  persons  were  so  severely  cut  and  bruised  by  the  falls  that  medical  relief  was  administered  to  them  at  the  receiving  house.  From  half  past  ten  o'clock  to  half-past  two  o'clock  six  immersions  took  place  in  a  depth  of  water  varying  from  six  to  eight  feet.  They  were  placed  in  warm  baths,  and  after  receiving  other  attentions,  were  eventually  enabled  to  proceed  home.  KENSINGTON  GARDENS.—On  the  long  water  and  round  pond  there  were,  during  the  day,  2,500  skaters  and  sliders,  including  several  members  of  the  skating  club,  but  no  acci accident  dent accident  occurred,  although  the  ice  is  described  as  only  two  inches  thick  and  dangerous.  RnoExx's  Etax.—The  number  of  skaters  and  sliders  amounted  to  many  thousand  persons,  the  ice  being  in  the  morning  in  a  very  good  condition.  The  tent  of  the  Royal  Skating  Club  was  also  erected  here,  and  several  of  the  prin principal  cipal principal  members  of  the  club  were  present.  In  the  course  of  the  day,  however,  the  ice,  from  some  cause,  parted  in  several  places  and  became  very  dangerous.  During  the  day  a  great  many  persons  were  cut  and  bruised  by  falls.  In  one  instance,  the  * STYLE=superscript  shock  produced  a  succession  of  strong  fits,  which  were  eventually  mastered  by  the  attention  of  Dr.  Hodding,  in  the  marquee.  About  three  o'clock  in  the  afternoon  a  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  while  skating  was  suddenly  left  upon  an  island  of  ice  '  from  which  he  was  long  unable  to  reach  the  shore  •  but,  Under  the  directions  of  Mr.  Superintendent  Williams,  a  hand  line  was  swept  up  to  him,  and  a  breaker  and  ordinary  ladder  so  thrown  seeress  the  fissure  as  to  admit  of  his  wal  k king'  ing' king'  to  the  shore  without  his  even  being  wetted,  and  he  was  received  by  his  friends  and  the  spectators  with  loud  cheers.  Sr.  JAMES'S  PARK.—Yesterday  there  could  not  have  been  leas  than  4,000  or  5,000  persons  on  the  ornamental  waters,  11 STYLE=superscript  Pwards  of  2,000  skaters  and  sliders  being  on  the  ice  at  one  time.  The  skating  was  confined  to  the  open  space  in  the  Centre,  the  icemen  keeping  the  crowd  off  from  the  east  and  West  ends  of  the  water,  which  are  at  present  unsafe.  Between  eleven  and  half:  past  twelve  the  ice  gave  way  in  three  places,  and  caused  the  immersion  of  nearly  20  per persons  sons persons  in  about  six  feet  of  water.  The  whole  were  rescued  hy  deputy  superintendent  Parsons,  and  icemen  Cook,  Collins,  Marshall,  Knapp,  Bally,  and  Terry.  The  names  of  those  who  r  ece  i  ve  d  warm  baths,  stimulants,  &amp;c.,  at  the  marquee,  were  Philip  Whormsley,  Henry  rilton,  John  Skelton,  -Kenry  Light,  Charles  Abbey,  Joseph  Cantle,  James  Long Long.4l?-rtil,  .4l?-rtil, Long.4l?-rtil,  Charles  Frew,  Alfred  Ward,  Samuel  Mader,  and  ured  Fowler.  All  were  perfectly  recovered  before  the  t  eloei  ng  of  the  gates,  which,  by  the  exertions  of  the  park parkkeepers  keepers parkkeepers  and  the  police,  was  effected  as  early  as  half-past  rvo  o'clock.—Landon  Paper.  DREADFUL  AND  FATAL  ACCIDENT  ON  THE  LANCASHIRE  AND  YORKSHIRE  RAILWAY,  YESTERDAY,  NEAR  MANCHESTER.  LOSS  OF  ONE  LIFE,  AND  PROBABLE  LOSS  OF  OTHERS.  A  frightful  accident  took  place  yesterday  (Thursday)  fore forenoon,  noon, forenoon,  on  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  line  of  railway,  and  within  two  miles  and  a-half  of  Manchester.  We  regret  to  say  that  the  accident  has  led  to  the  death  of  one  of  the  pas passengers,  sengers, passengers,  to  the  probable  death  of  two  or  three  others,  and  to  the  severe  personal  injury  of  several.  This  accident,  like  a  great  many  others  of  a  similar  character,  arises,  as  we  are  informed,  from  that  negligence  on  the  part  of  railway  official  s  which  has  been  so  frequently  reprehended.  It  appears  that  there  is  a  train  usually  known  as  the  Rochdale  train,  (but  which  runs  as  far  as  Todmorden),  which  leaves  the  Victoria  station  of  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  railway  at  Manchester,  at  9-40,  a.m.  This  train  is,  in  the  ordinary  course,  required  to  stop  at  a  new  station,  called  the  'ewt  o  n  Heath  station,  and  it  did  so.  The  next  train  is  dispatched  from  Manchester  almost  immediately  following  the  train  in  question,  and  leaves  the  Victoria  station  at  a  quarter  of  an  hour  later;  or  at  9-45,  a.m.,  and  it  proceeds  to  Oldham  only,  being  a  train  belonging  to  one  of  the  branch  lines  of  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  Railway  company  .  We  may  as  well  observe  that  what  is  called  the  Newton  Heath  station  is  au  outlet  from  the  main  line  of  railway  be belonging  longing belonging  to  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  company,  to  two  thriv:  big  manufacturing  villages,  Newton  Heath  and  Failsworth,  the  only  means  of  communication  between  which  and  Man:  chester,  the  great  centre  of  manufactures,  were  formerly  omnibuses  and  cabs.  The  opening  of  the  new  station  hag  long  been  a  desideratum,  and  the  accomplishment  of  the  object  desired  has  been  much  approved  of,  as  proving  of  mense  advantage  to  a  large  number  of  persons  frequenting  the  Manchester  markets  on  Tuesday,  Thursday,  and  Satur-i  day.  The  distance  between  the  Victoria  station,  Manchester,  and  the  temporary  or  shed  station,  erected  at  Newton  Heath,  is  about  two  miles  and  a-half.  Yesterday  morning,  about,  or  very  shortly  after,  the  usual  time,  the  0,  40  train  for  Rochdale  left  the  Victoria  station  on  its  way  to  Rochdale  and  Todmorden.  All  went  well  until  the  train,  which  consisted  of  three  or  four  carriages,  reached:  the  new  station,  that  of  Newton  Heath.  It  is  the  rule  for  this  train  to  Stop  at  the  newly-opened  station,  and  it  is  also  well  known  that  the  following  train,  that  which  diverges  from  the  main  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  line  to  Oldham,  at  the  Middleton  junction,  some  miles  from  Rochdale.  The  Rochdale  train  was  still  standing  at  the  Newton  Heath  sta station.  tion. station.  when  the  express  train  for  Oldham  came  in  sight.  The  morning  was  extremely  foggy,  and  in  consequence  of  that  it  was  exceedingly  difficult  to  perceive  objects  in  the  distance.  One  person  tcld  us  at  the  Newton  Heath  station,  that  objects  beyond  the  distance  of  twenty  yards  could  not  be  perceived  ;  while  another  said  he  could  not  see  farther  than  three  yards.  Probably  both  were  right,  and  only  differed  as  to  the  times  when  they  directed  their  attention  to  distant  objects.  At  the  time  the  train  from  Manchester  to  Oldham  was  approach approaching,  ing, approaching,  we  should  think  it  was  possible  to  catch  a  view  of  objects  at  a  distance  of  twenty  yards,  or  even  considerably  further  off.  There  is  no  question,  however,  that  the  morn morning  ing morning  was  very  foggy,  and  probably  but  fur  that,  in  spite  of  alleged  negligence,  the  accident  might  have  been  prevented.  The  Rochdale  train,  which  left  Manchester  at  9.40  a.m.,  had  for  its  driver  George  Hughes  ;  and  the  Rochdale  train,  which  left  at  9.45  a  m.,  had  for  its  driver  John  Worthington.  According  to  the  information  communicated  to  us,  on  inquiry  at  the  scene  of  the  accident,  the  train  for  Rochdale  arrived  at  the  Newton  station  somewhere  about  ten  o'clock  in  the  morning,  and,  as  usual,  it  stopped  at  that  station.  This  train,  as  we  have  already  noticed,  only  goes  as  far  as  Todmorden;  but  at  Todmorden  passengers  meet  trains  for  Burnley  and  Bradford,  which  caused  a  larger  number  of  people  to  be  present  than  might  otherwise  have  been  the  •  case.  Shortly  before  it  was  intended  to  give  notice  to  the  Rochdale  train  to  start,  a  notice  was  given  to  the  station stationmaster  master stationmaster  at  Newton  Heath  (Mr.  William  Whittaker),-  to  the  guard  of  the  Rochdale  train  (Mr.  Tidy,  residing  in  Lamb Lamblane,  lane, Lamblane,  Newton  Heath),  that  a  train  was  coming  up,  and  that  he  was  in  great  danger.  When  Tidy  saw  the  train  within  twenty  yards  of  the  station,  and  knowing  that  it  did  not  stop  at  that  place,  he  called  out  to  the  guard  of  the  Rochdale  train,  Tidy,  you  will  be  but  th  e  guar  d  did  no  t  hear  him.  Immediately  .  afterwards  the  train  from  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  to  Oldham,  consisting  of  seven  or  eight  carriages,  came  up,  and  ran  into  the  Roachdale  train,  which  had  not  yet  left  the  station.  As  soon  as  he  saw  the  inevitable  colliston;the  station  master  jumped  over  the  rails,  covering  the  line  of  railway  down  an  embankment,  and  had  a  narrow  escape  of  being  killed.  The  frightful  collision  then  oc occurred.  curred. occurred.  The  first  portion  of  the  Oldham  ran  into  the  latter  portion  of  the  Rochdale  train,  which  was  impelled  from  the  point  where  the  collision  - STYLE=superscript  took  place,  nearly  opposite  the  tem temporary  porary temporary  wooden  station,  to  a  distance  of  150  yards.  The  last  carriage  of  the  Rochdale  train  which  was  a  mixed  carriage,  consisting  partly  of  compartments  for  passengers,  and  a  box  for  the  guard,  was  completely  destroyed,  being  smashed  to  pieces.  The  guard  in  that  carriage,  Mr.  Henry  Tidy,  was  thrown  from  it,  and  when  found  on  the  platform.  after  the  accident,  was  insensible  for  a  quarter  of  an  hour.  The  sta station  tion station  master  immediately  sent  for  assistance,  and  through  his  instrumentality,  those  who  were  injured  were  immediately  attended  to  by  Mr.  John  Pegge,  surgeon,  Newton  Heath  ;  Mr.  Gomel],  surgeon,  Newton  Heath,  and  Mr.  Morgan,  assistant  to  Messrs.  Harrison  and  Cooke,  surgeons,  Picca Piccadilly,  dilly, Piccadilly,  Manchester,  surgeons  to  the  company  for  that  portion  of  the  line.  Amongst  the  ruins  of  the  chrriage  that  was  de destroyed  stroyed destroyed  was  found,.  lying  insensible,  a  young  girl,  aged  14  years,  belonging  to  Preston,  and  who  was  travelling'  home homeward  ward homeward  (though  by  mistake  they  had  taken  the  wrong  train)  with  her  grandmother.  She  was  immediately  conveyed  to  the  station  house,  where  medical  aid  was  promptly  in  atten attendance,  dance, attendance,  but  she  survived  the  accident  only  about  quarter  of  an  hour,  when  she  died.  The  body  with  then  removed  to  the  Duke  of  York  inn,  Newton  Heath,  where  it  will  remain  un until  til until  a  coroner's  inquest  has  been  held  upon  it.  The  grand grandmother  mother grandmother  of  the  young  woman,  Mrs.  Lord,  wife  of  Mr.  Richard  Lord,  Sykeshill,  Preston,  was  seriously  injured,  and  removed  shortly  after  the  accident,  to  the  Manchester  royal  infirmary,  •by  the  next  train  from  Yorkshire,  which  reached  y STYLE=superscript  the  Newton  Heath  station.  We  are  glad  to  report  that  late  last  night  she  was  going  on  favorably,  though  not  considered  out  of  danger.  She  is  a  lady  69  years  of  age,  and  has  suffered  much  from  contusions,  and  being  squeezed  in  the  collision.  The  guard  of  the  Rochdale  train,  who  has  been  severely  injured  about  the  head,  is  not  yet  out  of  danger.  Among  the  other  sufferers  were  Mr.  Maurice  Michaels,  11,  Halliwell-street,  Millgate,  Manchester,  who  received  contusions  on  the  right  side  and  spine,  and  is  under  the  care  of  Messrs.  Harrison  and  Cooke,  surgeons,  Piccadilly  :  William  Byrom,  74,  Edward-street,  Chorlton-upon-Medlock,  who  has  received  slight  bruises  of  the  head  ;  John  Parker,  Lawrence-street,  Ardwick,  who  bad  a  small  cut  on  the  temple  ;  John  Rowland,  - STYLE=superscript  Richmond Richmondgrove,  grove, Richmondgrove,  Longsight,  who  met  with  a  small  cut  on  the  fore forehead;  head; forehead;  John  Morton,  Foundry-street,  Rochdale,  who  was  very  moth  shaken  ;  John  Liddell,  79,  Moreton-street,  Strangeways,  somewhat  bruised;  A  young  man  named  Rose,  traveller  to  Messrs.  Sidney  and  Human  grocers,  Market-street,  Manchester,  bruised  in  the  left  wrist;  Joseph  Turner,  2,  Upton-street,  Everton-road,  slightly  injured;  Patrick  Crinan,  hawker,  Minshull•  street,  Man Manchester,  chester, Manchester,  injury  in  the  spine.  Some  other  persons  were  more  or  less  injured,  but  those  we  have  not  mentioned  were  able  to  return  to  Manchester,  or  proceed  to  their  places  of  destination  by  the  next  train.  Of  course  the  line  of  rails  from  Yorkshire  to  Manchester  was  impeded  by  the  wreck,  consequent  upon  the  collision  at  the  Newton  Heath  station,  for  besides  the  carriage,  in  which  the  guard  had  his  van,  which  was  destroyed,  others  were  considerably  injured,  and  two  or  three  were  thrown  off  tlfe  line  upon  the  occurrence  of  the  collision.  A  considerable  number  of  men  were  immediately  procured  from  the  neigh neighbourhood,  bourhood, neighbourhood,  signals  in  the  meantime  having  been  had  recourse  to,  in  order  to  prevent  further  calamities  from  the  unwary  approach  of  other  trains  ;  and  within  two  hours  from  the  occurrence  of  the  accident  the  line  was  cleared  of  all  obsttuc obsttucdon.  don. obsttucdon.  Dr.  Harrison,  in  the  course  of  the  day,  visited  the  patients,  some  of  whom  are  now  under  his  immediate  care  and  super supervision.  vision. supervision.  As  to  the  cause  of  the  accident,  in  the  absence  of  those  data,  which  must  come  before  a  coroner's  jury,  we  do  not  wish  to  say  anything.  But  we  may  be  permitted  to  remark  that  those  high  in  authority  under  the  company  blame  the  guard  of  the  Oldham  train,  for  not  obeying  the  signals  given  to  him  by  the  pointsmau  at  Miles  Platting  station,  which  is  about  half  a  mile  from  the  scene  of  the  accident.  The  signal  indicated  that  he  should  go  cautiously,  but  to  that,  it  is  said,  he  paid  no  attention.  Again,  we  have  heard  by  intelligent  people,  that  they  think  it  very  strange  that  an  express  train  for  Oldham,  not  stopping  at  stations.  should  be  permitted  to  leave  Manchester  within  a  quarter  of  an  hour  )f  the  depar departure  ture departure  of  a  train  for  Rochdale,  stopping  at  stations.  But  no  doubt  these  matters  will  form  the  subject  of  careful  inquiry  and  serious  consideration  before  the  coroner  and  the  jury.  BRISTOL,  DEC.  28.—About  nine  o'clock  last  night,  a  fatal  accident  occurred  on  the  Bristol  and  Gloucester  line,  near  the  Fishponds  station,  about  three  miles  from  this  city.  It  appears  thnt  owing  to  the  heavy  fall  of  snow  last  evening,  the  trains  were  much  impeded  in  their  course,  the  line  being  so  blocked  up  that  it  was  necessary  in  many  cases  to  clear  the  rails  before  the  train  could  proceed,  Owing  to  this  cause,  and  being  delayed  at  Birmingham  fir  the  train  from  Derby,  the  train  which  should  have  arrived  in  this  city  at  6.25  p.m.  did  not  reach  here  till  9.15.  The  deceased,  who  was  a  switohman  at  the  Fishponds  station,  went  on  duty  about  half  Test  eight,  and  was  told  by  his  comrade,  whom  he  had  relieved,  that  the  down  train  ha  , STYLE=superscript  f  not  arrived.  He  replied  All  and  was  left  at  his  pest;  .it  about  nine  o'clock,  whilst  signalling  the  up  train,  the  down  train  ap approached,  proached, approached,  and  before  the  deceased  was  aware  of  its  coming,  he  was  struck  on  the  back  by  the  buffer  of  the  engine  and  killed  on  the  spot.  No  blame  can  be  attached  to  any  one  but  the  deceased  himself,  who,  notwithstanding  the  caution  he  received  as  to  the  train  being  after  time,  must  have  stood  on  the  down  rails  to  signal  the  up  train,  and  it  is  supposed  the  thick  layer  of  snow  prevented  him  hearing-the  approach  of  the  down  train  behind  him  till  too  Late  to  get  out  of  the  way.  When  found  the  body  was  lying  midway  between  the  down  rails,  and  not  in  the  least  mutilated.  The  deceased,  whose  name  was  William  Lee,  was  a  steady,  sober  man,  and  had  been  in  the  company's  service  upwards  of  nine  years;  he  has  left  a  wife  and  family  to  mourn  his  untimely  death.  The  •  trains  on  the  Great  Western,  and  Bristol  and.  Exeter  lines  were  also  detained  last  evening  from  the  heavy  fall  of  snow.  TERRIFIC  RAILWAY  Aocmuyr.—The  Taff  Vale  railway  has  a  branch  from  Merthyr  to  Dowlais.  More  than  a  mile  of  this  is  an  inclined  plane,  rising  400  feet  in  that  distance.  This  is  worked  by  a  stationary  engine.  The  officials  yester yesterday.  day. yesterday.  neglected  to  attach  the  rope  to  the  midday  passenger  train  before  starting  it.  It  consequently  dashed  down  the  incline  with  prodigiously  increasing  velocity  as  it  neared  the  bottom.  The  guard  leapt  off  the  break  soon  after  the  car carriages  riages carriages  commenced  their  descent,  and  was  uninjured.  None  of  the  passengers  were,  however,  enabled  thus  to  escape,  as  they  were  all  locked  in  the  compartments,  and  their  shrieks  while  passing  along  the  bridges  over  the  roads  near  the  town  were  most  appalling.  The  branch  joins  on  to  the  main  line  at  the  bottom  of  the  incline  by  a  sharp  curve.  The  train  abandoned  the  rails  at  this  spot,  leapt  clear  up  into  the  air  a  great  height,  the  carriages  separating  into  shreds,  the  pas passengers  sengers passengers  being  thrown  out,  and,  with  the  debris  of  the  train,  falling  like  a  shower  into  the  Taff  river,  and  on  the  adjoin adjoining  ing adjoining  cinder  tips.  Notwithstanding  this  extraordinary  violence,  some  of  the  passengers  were  enabled  to  walk  away  compara comparatively.unhurt  tively.unhurt comparatively.unhurt  ;  others  are  much  injured,  and  two  women  are  dying—one  having  her  back  broken,  and  the  other  a  fracture  of  the  skull,  besides  which  they  are  frightfully  lacerated  and  torn  almcst  to  pieces.  Had  the  train  been  worked  with  a  proper  break,  it  could  have  been  brought  to  a  stand,  or,  at  all  events,  its  speed  down  the  incline  would  have  been  so  reduced  as  to  avoid  the  fearful  results  of  the  catastrophe.  IRELAND.  [FROM  OUR  OIVN  COB.RESPONDENT.]  DUBLIN,  DEC.  2U  Ma.  SMITH  our  younger  days  we  read,  it  may  have  been  in  Banim,  or  in  Galt,  of  a  gentleman  who  was  bles  . STYLE=superscript  sed  with  left  Of  course  he  was.  the  beau  ideal  of  awkwardness,  and  in  a  political  sense  Mr.  Smith  O'Brien  was  his  other  half,  if  not  his  The  whole  empire  . STYLE=superscript  ,  had  felt  satisfaction  at  the  assumed  escape  of  a  gentleman  who  was  probably.  well  intentioned,  al although  though although  course  was  no.  less  eccentric  than  :injurious  and  incompatible  with  law.  We  find  now  from  the  Freeman's  Journal  that  he  remains  still  a  prisoner  We  regret  to  learn  that  there  is  . STYLE=superscript  every  reason  to  believe  that  the  rumoured  escape  of  Mr.  Smith  O'Brien  is  not  correct.  We  received  this  morning  a  letter  from  a  personal  friend  of  Mr.  O'Brien's,  whO  yesterday  received  a  letter  from  that  gentleman.  Our  correspondent  thus  ex expresses  presses expresses  his  doubts  O'Brien's  escape  was'  stated;  to  have  taken  .  place  on  the  15th  of  Septem September;  ber; September;  his  letter  to  .me  .was  dated  the'  18th  of  Sep September.  tember. September.  The  dates!.  therefore,  'would  indicate  the  great  -  ,  improbability  of  the  event  having  taken  place  FRIGHTFUL  MURDER  NEAR  :ENNIScORTIIY,—The  murdered  parties  were  a  man  of  the  name  of  ThonalW  Ball,  and  his  wife.  who  lived  on  the  side  of  the  public  road  leading  from  Newtonbany.  to  Enniscorthy,  in  a  small  cabin,,chiefly  supporting  himself  by  jobbing  in  orchards,  and  sometimes  in  sheep;  some  of  the  latter,  report  says.  he  had  lately  .sold,  and  it  is  supposed  that  the  murder  was  com committed  mitted committed  in  order  to  steal  the  money,  which  the  wife  usually  carried  round  hor  neck,'  in  a  small  bag.  The  night  of  the  23rd  was  the  time  of  the  crime.  Ball  and  his  wife  were,  as  far  as  I  can  learn,  alive  at.  nine  o'clock  at  night.  She,  poor  woman,  had  plucked  a  goose  for  their  - STYLE=superscript  Christmas  dinner,  and  had  laid  it  on  the  table.  She  had  her  cap  off,  and  he  his  shoes,  evidently  preparing  for  bed;  the  fatal  deed  .  was  accomplished  by  a  spade,  Ball's  skull  being  opened  at  a  blow,  and  the  wife's  wounds  are  also  on  the  head.  The  appearance  of  both,  and  the  bespattered  blood  about  the  cabin,  as  everything  remained  untouched,  was,  indeed,  a  sickening  sight.  This  fearful  crime  was  not  dis discovered  covered discovered  until  the  afternoon  of  Saturday,  when  the  wife's  brother,  who  had  an  appointment  to  meet  them  in  the  market  of  _Newtonbarry;  'not  seeing  either  of  them,  went  to  the  house,  and  found  the  door  locked.  The  police,  of  course,  are  in  charge  ever  since,  until  the  coroner  holds  an  inquest.  I  hear  two  are  in  custody.  However,  this  part  of  it  I  will  not  dwell  on  until  justice  examines  into  the  cold-blooded  murder.  It  has  been  remarked  about  twenty  eight  years  ago  a  murder  took  place  within  a  very  short,  distance  of  the  present  one.  I  give  you  my  name  as  a  guarantee  that  the  matter  is  true.-  —Advocate.  [A  reward  of  £lOO  has  been  offered  by  the  government  for  the  apprehension  of  the  perpetrators  of  the  murder  of  Thomas  and  Elizabeth  Ball,  at  Ryland,  near  Newtonbarry,  on  the  night  of  the  23rd  inst].  Mr.  JOHN  O'CONNELL.—This  gentleman  has  ad.  dressed  a  missive  to  his  constituents  at  Clonmel,  to  whom  he  thus  details  the  motives  which  caused  his  retirement  from  public  life,  and  those  with  which  he  re-enters  it  :  Retired  from  public  life  in  1851,  because  I  could  not  go  with  a  policy  of  what  I  feared  were  injudicious  extremes,  I  am  aptly  recalled  by  you  just  at  this  moment,  when  the  first  natural  heat  of  the  popular  mind  at  a  wanton  and  dis disgraceful  graceful disgraceful  insult  seems  to  have  passed  away,  and  the  old  policy  of  the'  country  is  once  more  recognised  as  the  true  means  of  obtaining  reparation,  and  going  on  to  new  achievements.  In  retiring,  I  obtained  for  the  country  and  for  our  faith  the  advantage  of  numbering  among  Irish  re representatives  presentatives representatives  the  good  and  high-minded  Lord  Arundel,  just  at  the  time  that  his  unworthy  father  forced  him  from  his  English  seat,  as  he  could  not  force  him  from  his  religion.  By  your  fa7or  I  have  been  enabled,  at  this  juncture,  to  be  again  of  use.  I  have  stepped  into  the  vacancy  that  other otherwise  wise otherwise  might  have  been  attempted  by  a  creature,  or  a  co coconspirator  conspirator coconspirator  of  the  newspaper-triumvirate  of  Dublin,  who  have  taken  upon  themselves  to  ru  l  e  the  count  r  y,  and  lecture  prelates,  priests,  and  people  upon  their  The  Triumvirate  he  thus  touches  up  :  This  ominous  and  heterogeneous  conjunction  of  a  Protestant  advocate  of  high  Catholicity,  (Dr.  Gray)--an  English  teacher  and  expounder  of  Irish  rights  and.  Irish  feelings,  Mr.  Lucas,  and  a  Catholic  plagiarist  Mr.  Duffy,  from  the  wild  and  half-heathen  Carlyle,  and  panegyrist  of  the  anti-Catholic  Kossuth,  th  e  anti-Cmistian  Mazzini,  and  their  Red  Republican  and  murderous  abettors,  decided  that  you,  who  were  ever  true  to  Ireland  and  her  religion,  required  to  be  lectured  upon  your  duty.  Accordingly,  they  invaded  your  town  to  spread,  as  i  s  th  e  i  r  won  t,  and  to  the  utmost  of  their  deplorable  ability,  dissension,  calumny,  bitterness,  and  confusion  !  meet  them  nobly,  and  nobly  rejected  their  pre presumptuous  sumptuous presumptuous  interferences—telling  the  first  to  be  steady  i  n  his  own  course,  and  not  for  eve  r  shifting  it,  ere  he  preached  steadfastnc,s  to  others—reminding  the  second,  that  for  cen centuries  turies centuries  nothing  but  woe  has  resulted  to  us  from  English  intermeddlings  in  our  domestic  concerns  ;  and  that  even  his  talent  and  powers  of  usefulness  may  be  misdirected  to  our  grievous  injury  —and  finally,  charging  the  third  with  the  evil  glory  of  Laving  broken  up  the  once  mighty  popular  organisation,  and  brought  contempt  upon  the  country,  and  especial  disaster  upon  his  own  dupes  and  coadjutors.'  Of  Mr.  Moore  he  speaks  in  complimentary  terms,  threatening  to  be  a  of  his  one  of  those  days.  And  of  his  future  policy  he  says  :  course  I  will  join  them  when  they  will  oppose  bad  measures,  from  whatever  party  proceeding.  I  trust  they  will  not  refuse  to  join  me  in  supporting  good  measures,  oven  though  emanating  from  an  anti-Tory  There  is  no  question  that  his  return  to  parlia parliament  ment parliament  is  a  great  blow  to  what  is  called  the  indepen independent  dent independent"
