text
"a  voca  bular  1  style  of  diction,  but  st  the  erudition  of  any  age,  or  require  any  departure  from  a  feu  concise  common-place  expressions.  These  being  the  views  of  the  great  bulk  of  the  British  public,  diplomatists  must  not  be  surprised  to  hear  that  Great  Britain  does  not  place  any  great  reliance  on  Russia's  acceptance  of  peace  on  terms  which  would  satisfy  the  popular  mind  of  either  England  or  France.  The  Western  Powers  have  united  their  strength  for  the  purpose  of  settling,  once  and  for  all,  the  landmarks  of  free  navigation,  unrestricted  commercial  intercourse,  and  inter international  national international  rights  and  interests  in  Eastern  Europe  and  on  the-Asiatic  shores  of  the  Black  Sea.  And  no  French  or  British  Government  can  withdraw  from  the  present  contest  until  these  questions  are  definitely  settled,  and  guarantees  are  given  by  the  CZAR  for  the  observance  of  those  conditions  for  which  they  took  up  arms,  and  expended  such  immense  quantities  of  blood  and  treasure  Time  has  verified  the  aphorism  —we  can  have  no  little  war  ;  and  it  follows,  as  a  natural  consequence,  we  can  have  no  little  peace.  When  we  have  a  malady  to  overcome,  it  is  necessary  that  thevirtues  of  the  spe specific  cific specific  should  preponderate  over  the  virulence  of  the  complaint.  In  organic  diseases,  such  as  those  which  have  lacerated,  distracted,  and  tortured  the  East  for  the  last  three  quarters  of  a  century,  we  should  see  that  no  quack  is  suffered  to  interfere,  and  no  paltry  Charlatan  allowed  to  tamper  with  the  re remaining  maining remaining  hopes,  constitution,  and  life  of  a  patient,  in  whose  prolonged  existence  Europe  has  so  deep  an  interest.  That  Russia  would  gladly  accept  peace  we  have  no  doubt  —but  on  what  terms  ?  She  knows  full  well  the  limit  popular  opinion  will  suffer  the  Cabinets  of  France  and  England  to  go.  If  Russian  states statesmen  men statesmen  could  induce  NAPOLEON,  or  the  PALMERSTON  administration,  to  accept  terms  which  would  lead  to  universal  discontent,  and  plunge  them  into  internal  dissensions  which  might  lead  to  the  over overthrow  throw overthrow  of  their  power,  and  place  peace-men  and  Russian  sympathisers  in  the  ascendant,  the  Czar  might  then  hope  to  accomplish  all  he  now  has  in  view,  by  the  pen  instead  of  the  sword.  In  calcu  •  lating  the  forces  with  which  Russia  has  to  contend,  we  may  be  sure  her  crafty  diplomatists  have  not  overlooked  the  position  of  party,  and  the  political  condition  of  the  Allied  countries.  A  change  of  Ministry  in  England  would  secure  Russia  many  advantages  ;  and  any  popular  excitement  in  France,  no  matter  how  trivial,  would  b  e  duly  appreciated,  not  only  at  St.  Petersburg,  but  at  Vienna  and  Berlin.  And,  we  would  have  the  Governments  of  both  nations  beware  how  they  accept  terms  of  peace  likely  to  shake  the  public  confidence  in  their  patriotism,  and  loyalty  in  the  cause  they  have  espoused.  The  interests  involved  in  the  present  contest  are  purely  of  a  material  character,  and  these  are  of  sufficient  magnitude  to  make  themselves  felt  instantaneously.  If  the  vigorous  prosecution  of  the  war  leads  to  the  establishment  of  the  free  navigation  of  the  Danube,  and  reducing  the  Black  Sea  to  a  commercial  lake,  all  Europe  will  instantly STYLE=superscript  feel  its  beneficial  effects.  Should  the  conditions  of  peace  defeat  these  aims,  the  Austrian  proposals  will  prove  an  imposture,  and  the  dead  weight  thrown  on  the  West  by  the  contest  will  render  the  dastardly  sham  intolerable.  We  have  now  a  great  war  on  our  hands,  and  we  can  see  pretty  c  l  e  arly  the  worst  that  can  befal  us.  But  give  us  an  empty  truce,  which  would  deprive  us  of  regaining,  b  y  o  ur  trade  and  industry,  those  weighty  losse  s  we  have  endured  by  the  war,  and  ignominy  will  over  ,ake  those  who,  for  the  sake  of  self  or  party,  could  sanction  its  ratification.  The  British  pub-  lic,  but  more  particularly  the  mercantile  classes,  have  fixed  their  minds  on  securing  for  themselves  the  independence  of  their  Ottoman  customers,  the  free  navigation  of  the  Danube,  and  the  full  enjoyment  of  free  and  unrestricted  trade  with  the  independent  nations  on  the  Asiatic  shores  of  the  conditions  No  ultinzatunv  which  slurs  over  these  ,  and  no  which  can  iefeat  this  unalterable  resolve  of  Great  Britain  a  accepted  by  any  Government  of  this  try  without  exposing  themselves  to  immediate  rnd  the  certainty  of  speedy  loss  of  office.  log  u  3"
