text
"CHINA  Our  advices  from  Hong  Kong  are  to  the  9th  ult,  There  is  nothing  authentic  respecting  the  rebellion.  It  was  generally  believed  that  the  Emperor  had  left  Pekin,  and  was  some  distance  from  it  ready  to  make  his  escape.  Canton  remained  quiet,  but  a  revolt  was  expected  on  hearing  of  the  fall  of  Pekin  There  had  been  some  fighting  between  the  Imperialists  and  the  insurgents  near  Amoy.  The  insurgents  were  defeated  with  great  slaughter,  and  fled  in  confusion  into  the  city.  Horrible  massacre  were  being  committed  by  both  parties.  Head  money  was  given  and  many  innocent  people  had  been  killed  for  the  sake  of  two  dollars  given  for  their  heads.  In  one  day's  fight  the  imperialists  were  so  encumbered  with  heads  that  the  General  issued  an  order  that  ears  would  be  sufficient  to  gain  the  reward.  Since  then  many  poor  villagers,  women  included,  have  been  seen  wandering  about  without  ears.  Altogether  it  is  a  horrible  warfare  and  all  parties  are  equally  to  blame.  At  Canton  trade  shows  no  improvement  for  im imports,  ports, imports,  and  money  is  still  excessively  scarce.  Exchange  on  England  has  further  advanced.  Freight  to  England,  £3  and  £2  10s.  SHIPWRECKS.-TWO  HUNDRED  AND  FIFTY  LIVES  LOST.  LETTERS  by  the  Overland!  Mail,  convey  intelligence  of  the  lamentable  wreck  of  a  British  ship,  supposed  to  be  the  Lady  Evelyn,  and  a  fearful  sacrifice  of  life.  She  was  a  fine  vessel,  recently  built,  748  tons  burthen,  commanded  by  Captain  M'Lellan,  and  was  the  property  of  Messrs.  Her Herrings,  rings, Herrings,  of  Liverpool.  On  her  last  voyage  from  England  she  was  bound  to  Port  Phillip,  and  on  her  arrival  there  she  was  taken  up  for  a  run  to  Calcutta  and  China.  She  was  then  chartered  for  the  conveyance  of  250  Chinese  emigrants  to  San  Francisco,  and  departed  in  every  apparent  safety  with  her  living  freight.  The  catastrophe  is  reported  to  have  occurred  on  the  night  of  the  20th  July,  on  one  of  the  cluster  of  Islands  known  as  Tvpingson,  in  the  Eastern  or  China  Sea,  situate  some  14  miles  west  of  Loo  Choo.  She  quickly  went  to  pieces,  and  we  regret  to  add  that  out  of  290  souls  who  were  on  board,  including  the  crew,  only  six  European  sailors  and  twenty  Chinamen  were  saved.  The  advises  furnished  no  further  intelligence.  The  ship  was  insured.—Another  serious  loss  has  been  reported  by  the  Argo,  viz.,  that  of  Prince  ss STYLE=superscript  Victoria,  while  on  her  voyage  from  London  to  Melbourne.  When  within  a  few  miles  of  4  11  1  l  barrels  an  d  o  a  f  t  her  destination,  on  the  .  13th  of  August,  she  was  discovered  y STYLE=superscript  era  u STYLE=superscript  ble  gun gunpowder  powder gunpowder  stowed  away STYLE=superscript  her  hold,  the  crew,  as  may  be  once  took  to  the  boats,  and  succeeded  in  getting  beyond  reach  to  be  noned  fir  w  e,  er  a  e  nd  se  ,  l  h  z  a  ed  vin  w  g  ith  as  co  m  ns  a  i  n  d  of  danger,  when  the  explosion  took  place.  It  is  almost  needless  to  remark  that  it  was  of  a  most  tremendous  char character,  acter, character,  shivering  the  ship  into  atoms.  Fortunately  a  ship  was  attracted  t  o  th  e  spo  t  b  y  th  e  i  n  t  ense  li  g  ht  o  f  th  e  explo explosion,  sion, explosion,  and  picked  up  the  crew  in  the  boats,  who  were  landed  in  Melbourne  a  few  days  afterwards.  The  vessel  is  reported  to  be  insured.  The  Princess  Victoria  sailed  from  the  Downs  on  the  Bth  of  April.  THE  SOVEREIGN  OF  THE  SEAS.—We  have  received  intelligence  that  the  above  celebrated  vessel,  which  sailed  from  Liverpool  on  the  7th  ultimo,  was  passed,  Sep•  27,  in  lat.  18  N,  long.  23  W.  SHOCKING  SUICIDE  OF  AN  OFFICER  IN  TIM  SLR.  DINIAN  Graffinno  Bassani,  aged  37  years,  formerly  a  lieutenant  in  the  Sardinian  service, STYLE=superscript  commitl  ted  suicide  on,  Thursday,  at  the  Bridge-house  Hotel  leindon,  by  shooting  himself  in  the  dressing-room  at;  tached  to  the  bath-room.  From  letters  found  in  the  pos possession  session possession  of  the  deceased,  it  would  appear  that  private  misfortunes  induced  him  to  commit  the  rash  act.  It  is  evident  to  all  those  who  look  into  these  questions,  that  there  are  three  classes  of  voters,  whose  motives  may  be  styled  either  corrupt  or  unworthy.  In  the  first  may  be  classed  :—Those  who  actually  receive  bribes  in  the  shape  of  money,  dinners,  punch,  beer,  or  promises  of  public  situations  for  themselves  or  their  relations.  This  is  a  class  very  difficult  to  deal  with,  except  in  their  own  coin.  It  is  too  ignorant  to  see  that,  even  in  electoral  mat matters,  ters, matters,  honesty  is  the  best  and  that  can candidates  didates candidates  who  stump  up  (I  believe  this  is  the  correct  phrase)  liberally,  to  win  the  post  of  honour,  expect,  and  too  often  succeed,  in  making  it  a  post  of  profit.  It  is  true,  its  disciples  have  to  pay  indirectly  in  taxation  for  what  they  receive  directly  in  the  shape  of  a  week's  jollification—but  then  they  have  this  unctious,  this  sweet,  inward  source  of  gratification,  that  their  more  conscientious  fellow-citizens  are  compelled  to  pay  precisely  in  the  same  ratio  for  the  such  nobly-earned  plunder.  This,  no  doubt,  is  a  salvo  calculated  to  cover  a  multitude  of  sins.  To  the  second  class  belongs  :—Those  whose  votes  are  influenced  by  menaces  or  intimidation— intimidationunfortunates,  unfortunates, intimidationunfortunates,  who  mortgage  their  honour  at  the  same  time  as  their  property.  This  is  truly  a  class  which  bears  the  proud  man's  contumely,  and  the  oppressor's  wrong  writer  is,  that  speedily  enable  tempters  of  their  of  their  task-r  .e  hope  of  the  zislation  may  defiance  to  the  the  foul-bidding  Finally;  in  the  third  class-may  be  enumerated  :  Those  who  record  their  votes  from  motives  of  friendship  or  conviviality;  also,  those  who  are  influenced  by  prejudices,  arising  from  faction  or  party-spirit;  or  who  are  moved  by  the  flattery  of  their  . STYLE=superscript  self-esteem  ;  or  even  those  who  feel  that  most  subtle  poison,  that  very  refinement  of  cruelty,  which  delights  in  seeing  weak-minded  men  exalted  to  public  positions,  feeling  assured  that  the  higher  stand  they  are  enabled  to  attain,  the  more  inflated  and  vain  they  become,  and  that  the  ignorance  un unnoticed  noticed unnoticed  in  a  private  capacity,  being  published,  makes  them  the  laughing  stock  of  the  world  we  live  This  is  a  fact,  long  since  well-known  to  the  vendors  of  the  public  prints,  who  find  that  the  public  relishes  nothing  more  keenly  than  the  ridiculous  speech  or  exhibition,of  such  a  public  man.  This  is  a  class  really  the  most  unworthy  and  dan dangerous  gerous dangerous  of  the  three.  It  is  like  a  flunkey  who  invites  his  comrades  to  a  supper,  but  not  at  his  own  cost—like  a  foolish  citizen,  who  besieged  in  a  stronghold,  and  listening  to  the  entreaties  of  a  sup supposed  posed supposed  friend  for  admittance,  delivers  up  the  keys  to  a  traitor;  or  like  the  crow,  who  wishing  to  show  that  her  voice  was  even  yet  more  ravishing  and  beautiful  than  her  plumage,  the  moment  she  opened  her  mouth,  let  fall  the  lump  of  cheese,  the  coveted  prize  of  the  crafty  fox.  This  class  is  used  as  a  stalking-horse  by  the  designing,  and  is  looked  upon  with  pity  by  the  strong-minded.  It  would  sell  either  its  own  birthright  or  the  birthright  of  pos posierity,  ierity, posierity,  if  the  mess  only  was  served  up  with  the  savoury  essence  of  'gammon.  I  now  conclude  nail  another  year  rolls  around,  and  in  the  hope  that  your  votes,  recorded  on  Tues Tuesday  day Tuesday  for  a  man  possessed  of  mind,  eloquence,  and  energy,  based  upon  constitutional  principles,  will  prove  that  you  are  not  criminal  enough  to  belong  to  the  first,  not  miserable  enough  to  belong  to  the  second,  and  not  contemptible  enough  to  belong  to  the  the  third  of  these  classes.  COSMOPOLITAN,  BUT  NOT  A  BURGESS  OF  THE  PITT  STREET  WARD,  20th  October,  1853.  EARLY  CLO  STNI4-_  TO  THE  EDITOR  OF  THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES  SlR,—Permit  me  to  make  a  few  remarks  in  refer reference  ence reference  to  the  letter  of  One  which  ap appeared  peared appeared  in  your  impression  of  to-day;  in  which  the  writer  seems  to  think,  that  the  Old-established  concern  in  ought  not  to  be  stigma 'stigmatised'  for  having  a  thirst  for  or  for  being  illiberal  or  because  they  have  pre prevented  vented prevented  the  Association  from  putting  an  end,  at  the  present,  to  the  iniquitous  system  of  late  shoping,  of  which  that  firm  are  the  unenviable  advocates.  I  will  briefly,  as  possible,  state  the  reasons  why  particular  allusion  has  been  made  to  this  excep exceptional  tional exceptional  concern,  and  will  leave  One  and  the  public  to  judge  of  their  validity.  When  the  deputation  from  the  Society  first  waited  on  the  firm  in  question,  one  of  the  three  partners  was  asked  to  give  his  consent  to  the  closing  of  the  concern,  at  the  hours  specified  in  one  of  the  resolu resolutions  tions resolutions  transmitted  by  post  a  week  previously,  and  which  hours  we  ascertained  would  be  adopted  by  all  the  proprietors  whose  names  appear  in  our  ad advertisement,  vertisement, advertisement,  provided  this  Old-established  con concern  cern concern  in  would  consent  to  adopt  them  as  theirs  also.  The  deputation  met  with  a  stiff'  refuSal,  the  partner  adding  their  present  hours  of  closing  were  far  too  early  for  young  men  ;  and  that  they  were  far  better  off  twenty  years  ago,  when  the  hours  of  closing  were  eleven  o'clock  p.m.  and  later  ;  and  that  young  men  could  boast  of  having  a  £5  or  £lO  note  then,  whereas  now  they  could  not  lay  hands  on  a  single  This  was  the  result  of  an  interview  with  Partner  No.  1;  and  how  far  the  statement  of  the  gentleman  accords  with  reason'or  truth,  let  the  public  decide.  Here  then,  by  the  act  of  this  man,  a  blow  was  given  to  our  cause  which  made  us  retreat  at  the  very  time  when  we  should  be  proclaiming  our  tri triumph  umph triumph  ;  and  can  any  one  in  justice  or  reason,  assert  that  any  language  is  too  strong,  by  which  to  cha characterize  racterize characterize  the  individual  who  would  thus  defeat  a  movement  in  which  the  welfare  and  happiness  of  thousands  were  at  stake?  It  is  clear  as  the  sun  at  noon  day,  that  THIS  partner  was  actuated  by  a  wretched  thirst  for  and  that  his  disposition  was  illiberal  and  The  deputation,  thus  dispirited,  had  an  interview  with  a  gentleman—the  first  on  whom  they  waited,  and  who  takes  a  particular  interest  in  their  success  —by  whose  _counsel  they  were  determined  to  be  His  advice  was,  ed  should  be  f  possible,  we  s  an  1  their  .  :  adoption  Our  second  endeavour  was  as  signal  a  failure  as  the  first;  but  in  this  instance  we  had  an  interview  with  Partner  No.  2,  who  in  refusing  our  request  made  a  few  observations  which  excited  our  indignation,  and  .which  induced  us,  as  a  matter  of  justice,  to  point  more  particularly  to  the  firm.  These  are  a  few  of  Partner  No.  2's,  statements  to  which  I  invite  public  attention  !  Ist.  That  the  early  closing  movement  would  have  been  successful  eight  years  ago,  but  for  the  con conduct  duct conduct  of  Mr.  -  who  violated  his  promises  and  compact  in  reference  thereto.  2nd.  That  since  the  early  closing  movement  gained  ground,  they  (the  firm)  could  prove  that  employ employers  ers employers  were  worse  served,  and  the  young  men,  in  general,  were  become  more  dissipated.  3rd.  That  this  was  the  proper  time  to  discourage  assistants  in  their  efforts  to  secure  earlier  hours;  lest  they  may,  in  time  to  come,  combine  and  strike  as  the  men  do  in  manufacturing  districts.  After  Solon-like  expressions  such  as  these,  what  will  think  of  the  degree  of  intel intelgence  gence intelgence  which  conducts  this  Old-established  con concern  cern concern  in  However,  the  utterance  of  these  sentiments  naturally  aroused  the  deputation  to  a  sense  of  their  position;  and  the  calumny  (for  such  we  believe  it  to  be)  on  our  best  friend  and  adviser  completed  the  measure  of  our  indignation,  so  we  resolved  to  appeal  to  public  sympathy  and  support:.  Yaw  that  we  have  done  so,  we  trust  the  public  will  extend  to  us  their  liberal  support,  and  upheld  those  firms  who  are  actuated  by  feelings  of  respect,  of  justice,  and  humanity, STYLE=superscript  to  those  in  their  employ.  Let  the  ladies  of  Liverpool  cease  to  purchase  by  gas-light,  and  they  will  prove  to  thi  s  lished 'Old-established'  concern  in  that  the  gentle  sex  will  not  be  parties  in  support  of  this  of  inhumanity;  and  that  this  wicked  thirst  for  must  be  otherwise  quenched,  than  in  the  ruin  of  the  health,  :the  hopes,,and  the  happiness  of  so  many  members  of  the  community?'  IRELAND  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  SATURDAY  EVENINC  THE  TITHE  RENT  CHARGE.--A  sort  of  miniature  agita agitation  tion agitation  has  been  got  up  on  this  subject,  in  many  parts  of  the  country.  It  has,  however,  the  novel  feature  of  being  not  only  perfectly  in  accordance  with  the  law,  but  is  actually  to  secure  the  law's  exact  fulfilment.  It  appears  that,  accord according  ing according  to  the  various  acts  of  Parliament,  regulating  the  assessment  of  the  tithe  rent-charge,  a  periodical  valuation  on  the  average  price  of  wheat  for  seven  years  is  authorised  as  a  means  of  rating  the  amount  receivable  by  the  Impro Improprietors.  prietors. Improprietors.  A  valuation  of  this  sort  however,  through  the  remissness  :of  the  tithe-payers  has  not  been  demanded'  for  the  last  twenty-one  years,  and  the  consequence  is,  that  they  have  been  paying  rent-charge  for  some  time  at  a  rate  far  beyond  that,  at  which,  had  the  law  been  strictly  carried  out,  they  would  have  been  assessed.  The  cases  ontissus  has  now  been  suddenly  discovered,  and  in  several  counties,  the  case  has  been  brought  before  the  assistant  banisters,  with  a  view  of  at  length  having  a  new  arbitra arbitration.  tion. arbitration.  In  the  Queen's  County,  I  find  by  the  Leins  ter  Express,  the  applicants  were  defeated  on  a  technicality,  but  in  the  King's  County,  they  have  succeeded.  In  Cork,  Carlow,  and  other  places,  similar  proceedings  were  in  pro progress,  gress, progress,  and  no  doubt  as  the  principle  has  been  once  estab established,  lished, established,  it  will  sooner  or  later  be  carried  out  universally,  The  immediate  result  will  be  seriously  to  diminish  the  in incomes  comes incomes  of  the  establishment  clergy,  though  the  same  weapons  may  be  yet  turned  by  them  on  their  present  opponents.  FATAL  ACCIDENT.—On  Thursday  last  Mr.  C.  Egan,  second  son  of  Alderman  Egan,  of  Dublin,  was  killed  at  Sutton,  near  Howth,  ty  the  accidental  explosion  of  a  gun.  DEATH  OF  THE  BISHOP  OF  DERRY.—The  Right  Rev.  D.  Ponsonby,  Bishop  of  Derry,  died  on  Thursday,  at  the  Palace,  London&amp;rry.  He  was  in  his  83rd  year,  and  was  suffering  from  the  effects  of  a  fall  down  stairs.  This  is  the  first  Irish  mitre  in  the  gift  of  the  Aberdeen  government,  and  the  appointment  to  the  vacant  see  will  be  looked  forward  to  with  considerable  interest.  It  has  been  rumoured  for  some  time  back  that  Dr.  Todd,  senior  Fellow  of  Trinity,  .College,  Dublin,  had  the  promise  of  the  first  open  bishopric.  This  would  be  about  the  most  unpopular  appointment  that  could  be  made  here,  as  Dr.  Todd's  Puseyitical  tendencies  are  well  knewn,  and  Puseyism  is  as  yet  an  exotic  in  this  country.  The  Reverend  Doctor's  father  is  a  clerical  seceder  from  the  Church  of  England,  and  I  believe  his  nephew  also.  The  report  of  his  likely  promotion  is  grounded  on  the  existence  of  a  warm  intimacy  between  himself  and  the  Chancellor  of  the  Exchequer.  •  DUBLIN  AND  BRAY  RAILWAY  COMPANY.—A  special  meeting  of  the  shareholders  of  this  company  was  held  yes yesterday,  terday, yesterday,  at  which  the  agreement  of  amalgamation  with  the  aryl  ZV  inlrinw  Company  wax  unanimously  occuan  tad  to.  INCUMBERED  ESTATES  COURT.—Two  properties  were  sold  by  the  Commissioners  yesterday.  The  first  was  that  of  D.  B.  Foley  Esq.,  County  Cork  awl  Waterford.  It  consisted  of  about  1000  acres  divided  into  eight  lots.  Only  two  were  sold,  at  over  twenty  years'  purchase,  the  rest  being  ad adjourned  journed adjourned  for  want  of  bidders.  The  estate  of  the  Knight  of  Kerry  was  next  set  up,  and  realised,  as  a  total,  within  a  trifle  of  £60,000,  being:  from  twenty  to  twenty-five  years'  purchase  on  the  average.  INCREASE  OF  BELFAST  SIIIPPINC.—  The  Banner  of  Ulster  says  :—We  learn  that  the  return  of  tonnage  registered  at  this  port,  for  the  current  year,  will  show  a  very  gratifying  increase  upon  that  for  1852:  and  that  the  additions  of  new  shipping  are  principally  vessels  of  a  large  size,  suited  for  the  Australian  and  East  India  trades,  which  are  much  better  than  ever  the  y  did  before.  There  is  at  present  in  Prince's  Dock  a  very  fine  full-pooped  new  ship,  the  Maryann,  built  at  a  colonial  port  for  Mr.  Hugh  Ward Wardlow,  low, Wardlow,  one  of  our  principal  shipowners.  She  registers  957  tons,  and  will  be  put  into  this  trade  when  she  has  been  docked,  coppered,  &amp;c.  MAYNOOTH  001CYLISSION.—The  commissioners,  at  their  meeting  on  Wednesday  last,  adjourned  until  after  Christmas,  and  the  chairman  (the  Earl  of  Harrowby)  returned  to  Eng England  land England  that  evening.  The  commissioners  have  already  ex examined  amined examined  a  clergyman,  now  of  the  Established  Church,  who  received  some  years  of  his  education  at  Maynooth  ;  and  the  secretaries  of  two  important  societies  in  this  city  have  fur furnished  nished furnished  lists  of  clergymen  so  circumstanced,  who  are  to  come  forward  when  the  commission  re-assembles  in  December.  In  the  mean  time  it  is  incumbent  on  any  person  who  can  give  specific  :information  on  the  different  heads  of  inquiry  di directed  rected directed  by  the  commission  to  send  in  his  name  and  address  to  the  office  of  the  commission  in  the  Castle,  which  will  remain  open  in  the  interval.  The  evidence  of  such  person  will,  at  all  events,  be  fairly  taken  and  fairly  printed,  and,  if  it  do  not  sufficiently  influence  the  report  finally,  the  public  will  have  no  difficulty  in  arriving  at  the  truth,  and  in  framing  a  report  for  themselves.  ARREST  OF  A  MIIRDERER.—The  Westmeath  Guardian  says  :—ln  June,  1852,  a  boy  named  Thomas  Cooney,  baker  and  storekeeper  to  George  Booker,  Esq.,  was  waylaid,  beaten,  and  robbed  of  a  sum  of  £l5,  by  a  man  armed  with  a  pistol,  within  a  few  miles  of  the  police  barrack  at  Fore,  in  this  county.  Cooney  was  beaten  and  robbed  between  four  and  five  o'clock  in  the  evening  of  the  15th  of  June,  and  he  died  on  the  morning  of  the  17th,  from  the  injuries  he  received.  An  inquest  was  held  on  his  remains,  and  a  verdict  of  returned  against  some  persons  unknown.  We  learn  that,  through  the  exertions  of  Head-constable  Ebbitt,  a  man  named  Hugh  Lunny  has  been  arrested,  charged  with  the  murder  of  Cooney,  and  committed  to  our  county  gaol  to  abide  his  trial  at  next  assizes.  DEATH  OE  LORD  CLONCURRY.—The  Right  Honourable  Valentine  Brown  Lawless,  Lord  Cloncurry,  breathed  his  last  this  morning  at  his  residence,  Maretimo  Blackrock.  He  was  in  his  81st  year,  and  had  passed  a  life  more  eventful  than  most  men  of  his  time.  During  his  closing  days,  he  was  invalided,  and  lived  within  the  retired  circle  of  a  few  friends,  but  when  younger  his  n  ime  was  oftener  than  once  prominently  before  the  public.  He  first  attracted  notice  in  1795,  as  the  author  of  a  pamphlet  aganist  the  new  projected  Union  of  Ireland  with  England,  which  drew  forth  a  reply  from  Edward  Cooke,  Under  Secretary  of  State.  From  thence  forward  he  became  an  object  of  suspicion  to  the  existing  government,  and  having  became  a  member  of  the  United  Irish  Society,  he  was  in  1  - STYLE=superscript  790  imprisoned  in  the  Tower,  where  he  remained  until  1801.  During  his  im imprisonment  prisonment imprisonment  his  father  died,  aid  he  succeeded  to  the  title  In  1805,  he  was  again  subject  to  some  annoyances  on  being  suspected  of  a  connection  with  Robert  Emmett,  bu.  this  proved  to  be  a  groundless  belief.  He  afterwards  wa  nas  ardent  advocate  of  Roman  Catholic  Emancipation,  and  during  the  Marquis  of  Anglesea's  Irish  Administration,  was  much  esteemed  and  consulted  by  that  nobleman.  Lord  Clon Cloncurry,  curry, Cloncurry,  in  his  latter  years,  commanded  the  respect  of  men  of  all  parties  ;  he  continued  to  believe  the  Union  an  unfortunate  measure,  but  after  circumstances  have  gone  to  show  that  the  doubts  thrown  on  his  loyalty  formerly  were  of  little  or  no  foundation.  I  n  d  ee  d  it  appears  that  his  obnoxiousness  to  the  powers  that  be,  had  its  origin  chiefly  in  his  associa associations,  tions, associations,  for  acquaintances  included  the  following  amongst  others,—William  Duke  of  Leinster,  (who  was  also  confined  in  the  Tower,)  Lord  Edward  Fitzgerald,  (convicted  of  high  treason,)  Horne  Tooke,  Arthur  O'C  onnor  ,  R  o  b  ea  t  E  mme  tt,  and  no  less  distinguished  a  man  than  Napoleon  when  first  con consul.  sul. consul.  His  lordship  was  afterwards  also  intimate  with  O'Con O'Connell  nell O'Connell  but  his  quiet  demeanour  was  too  tran  qu  il  f  or  th  a  t  d  as  hi  ng  agitator.  His  lordship  is  succeeded  by  Albert,  son  of  the  Hon.  Edward  Lawless,  of  Lyons,  county  Kildare.  THE  CASE  OF  MISS  CARTWELL.  —This  lady's  trial  came  on  to-day,  but  is  not  over  yet.  There  is  much  excitement  abroad,  and  the  court  was  crowded,  there  being  a  l  arg  e  number  of  ladies  present,  and  also  of  Roman  Catholic  Clergymen,  including  Bishop  Cantwell.  The STYLE=superscript  prosecution  has  closed,  and  the  defence  will  be  chiefly  one  of  character.  LIVERPOOL  AND  AUSTRALIAN  PACKETS  Te  belonging  to  Miller  and  Thompson's  Golden  Line,  has  arrived  out  at  Port  Phillip,  after  a  splendid  passage  of  82  days.  The  passengers  presented  Capt.  Kelly  with  a  letter  accompanied  with  a  gold  watch  and  chain,  testifying  to  the  satisfaction  of  their  treatment  on  board.  My  experience  of  more  than  forty  years  with  masters  and  workmen—with  capital  and  wages—authorises  me  to  give  a  decided  opinion  that  all  strikes,  whether  of  workmen  or  of  masters,  are  injurious  to  both,  and  detrimental  to  the  public  interests,  and  therefore  ought  to  be  avoided.  Before  1824,  when  three  men  and  more  could  not  meet  and  consult  about  their  wages  or  the  laws  of  working,  there  were  just  grounds  of  complaint,  and  the  working  classes  had  recourse  to  secret  clubs  and  to  strikes  in  their  own  defence.  These  evils  were  .  general  and  much  complained  of;  and  with  the  view  of  giving  freedom  to  labour,  and  at  the  same  time  pros prosperity  perity prosperity  to  all  classes  employed  in  labour,  I  obtained  a  com committee  mittee committee  of  the  House  of  Commons  in  1834  ;  and  so  com commenced  menced commenced  the  committee  of  the  House  of  Commons,  by  the  testimony  of  masters  and  of  workmen,  that  by  an  act  at  the  end  of  the  session,  the  whole  of  the  acts  on  the  statute  book  against  combinations  of  workmen  were  repealed;  and  the  employers  of  labour,  as  well  as  the  workmen  employed,  were,  from  that  time,  left  perfectly  free  to  meet  and  to  agree  to  co-operate,  or  (as  some  say)  to  combine,  to  obtain,  by  mu mutual  tual mutual  discussion  and  argument,  such  rates  of  wages  and  such  hours  of  labour  as  might  be  mutually  agreed  upon;  and  when  the  ordinary  meetings  of  masters  and  men  could  not  adjust  these  matters,  peaceable  arbitration  would  bo  had  re recourse  course recourse  to  effect  a  compromise  and  agreement.  For  twenty twentyeight  eight twentyeight  years  there  have  been  few  strikes  ;  and,  every  strike  that  has,  from  want  of  management,  taken  place,  both  masters  and  men  have  suffered;  and  I  have  seen  with  deep  regret,  that  the  exyerience  of  all  these  years  has  not  had  the  effect  which  I  considered  certain  with  an  en enlightened  lightened enlightened  public.  Since  1824,  the  working  classes  and  masters  have  both  increased  in  knowledge  of  political  economy  and  in  worth;  and  they  ought,  in  these  times  of  increasing  trade  and  prosperity,  to  have  settled  all  their  differences  by  arbitration.  You  declare  that  the  workmen  have  always  been  for  arbitration  and  that  the  masters  have  refused  that  fair  course.  lam  not  in  a  condition  to  know  whether  you  are  correct  or  not;  but  whichever  party  have  refused  to  re refer  fer refer  their  differences  to  arbitration  have  much  to  answer  for,  both  to  the  public  and  to  the  parties  who  have  become  the  sufferers  thereby.  I  consider  the  benefits  of  free-trade  to  be  great,  and  to  be  increasing.  The  freeing  , STYLE=superscript  o  f  labour,  in  1824,  from  the  shackles  that  then  interfered  with  and  bound  the  working  classes,  was  the  commencement  of  that  great  movement  ;  I  do  yet  hope  that  the  good  sense  of  the  masters  and  men  will  see  the  advantage  of  doing  what  was  the  object  in  view  by  the  repeal  of  the  combination  laws—of  refering  all  disputes  to  In  a  postecnpt,  the  writer  adds—  I  see  on  the  list  of  advocates  for  arbitration  to  settle  the  disputes  of  nations,  instead  of  having  recourse  to  war,  many  master  manufacturers  who  are  at  this  moment  in  strike  against  their  men  ;  and  I  do  hope  that  a  little  consideration  will  induce  those  masters  and  all  masters,  to  meet  with  the  readiest  means  every  application  from  the  men  for  the  settle settlement  ment settlement  of  these  ruinous  strikes,  in  which  innocent  women  and  children  become  the  From  five  to  six  thousand  of  the  unemployed  assembled  in  Chadwick's  orchard  this  afternoon,  to  hear  addresses  from  a  number  of  delegates  from  Blackburn,  Stockport,  and  other  places.  At  a  meeting  it  was  announced  that  the  mills  in  Bacauh  and  Barnley  had  been  closed,  but  that  the  masters  would  open  them  again  on  Monday  (this)  morning,  if  the  hands  would  sign  a  paper,  pledging  themselves  not  to  ren render  der render  any  more  support  to  Preston."
