text
"servant,  PA  LM  ERST  ON  The  Green  Riband  of  the  Order  of  the  Thistle,  vacant  by  the  death  of  the  Marquis  of  Ailesbury,  has  been  offered  to  the  Duke  of  Argyll.  Mr.  Brassey,  the  eminent  railway  contractor,  has  been  nominated,  by  an  Imperial  decree,  a  Knight  of  the  Legion  of  Honour  of  France.  Louis  PHILIPPR'S  Wznow.—The  Gazette  du  Midi  announces  that  Louis  Philippe's  widow  has  had  a  re relapse.  lapse. relapse.  Dr.  Astros,  of  Marseilles,  left  on  the  16th  for  Nervi,  to  visit  the  august  patient.  REPRESENTATION  OF  MIDRURST.—In  the  event  of  a  vacancy  for  this  borough  consequent  of  the  election  Of  Mr.  Spencer  H.  Walpole,  fbr  the  University  of  Cambridge  Mr.  S.  Warren,  Q.C.,  and  Recorder  of  Hull,  will  be  brought  forward  on  the  conservative  interest.  HER  MAJESTY  AND  AMERICAN  SLAVERY  The  Inquirer  newspaper  of  Saturday  narrates  the  following  A  lady  in  this  country,  who  has  travelled  lately  in  America,  has  issued  a  book  containing  her  impressions  of  what  she  had  seen.  She  is  not  unknown  in  this  country  for  her  sympathy  with  our  white  slaves,  and  her  name  has  an  honourable  place  in  the  history  of  reformatory  schools.  This  lady,  the  Hon.  Miss  Murray,  adopted  in  the  Southern  States,  the  tone  of  the  society  she  found  there,  and  agreed  heartily,  not  only  in  what  was  said  of  the  white  slaves  in  England,  but  also  in  what  was  said  of  the  black  slaves  in  Carolina.  She  has,  therefore,  not  hesitated  to  publish  in  her  hook  opinions  favourable  to  negro  slavery,  even  to  the  extent  of  dogmatically  saying,  that  God  created  Negroes  to  live  under  restraint,  and  that  slavery  is  a  means  4 STYLE=superscript  designed  by  Providence  for  the  making  of  some  good  Christian  men  and  women.'  As  one  of  the  Queen's  Ladies  in  Waiting,  Miss  Murray  wished  to  dedicate  the  book  to  her  Majesty.  It  is  under understood,  stood, understood,  however,  that  on  seeing  the  proof  sheets,  her  Majesty  not  only  refused  the  dedication,  but  required  that  Miss  Murray,  if  she  published  it,  should  resign  her  place  at  The  poor  Irish  emigrant,  who  was  so  cruelly  robbed  by  two  swir  fliers  (see  yesterday's  mu),  has  been  kindly  assisted  by  Mr.  Mansfield,  on  the  representation  of  detective  officer  Thompson,  with  as  much  money  as  he  lost.  LIVERPOOL  TEMPERANCE  LEACWE.—On  Sunday  evening  the  first  meeting  of  this  society,  since  its  reorganisation,  was  held  in  the  Argyle-rooms,  Newington.  In  the  absence  of  Captain  Harvey,  the  chair  was  ably  filled  by  Mr.  Baxter,  of  Rock  Ferry,  who,  in  a  very  neat  speech,  stated  the  objects  of  the  society,  and  the  encouraging  prospects  presented  to  the  committee  for  the  ensuing  year.  Many  old  and  well  tried  friends  have  been  added  to  the  com committee,  mittee, committee,  and  it  was  hoped  that,  with  unity  of  efforts,  m  uc  h  good  will  be  effected.  The  meeting  was  addressed  by  M  r  .  E.  Mundy,  Mr.  J.  R.  Williams,  and  Mr,  John  Wilson  from  the  Domestic  Mission  House,  Bedford-street,  Park.  The  speeches  were  listened  to,  by  a  numerous  and  respec respectable  table respectable  audience,  with  marked  attention,  and  several  persons  proved  the  satisfaction  they  derived  from  the  information  afforded,  by  giving  iu  their  124410  as  annual  subscribers."
