text
"DENMARK.  In  its  secret  sitting  on  the  7th  inst.,  the  Volks Volksthing  thing Volksthing  r  solved  not  to  entertain  the  government  bill  for  changing  the  special  constitution  of  Den Denmark  mark Denmark  Proper,  bfore  a  fundamental  law  for  the  whole  monarchy  should  have  been  enacted.  SOUTH  AMERICAN  MAIL.  SOUTHAMPTON,  TUESDAY.—By  the  Royal  Mail  steam  ship  Severn,  Strutt,  Commander,  we  have  dates  from  Buenos  Ayres,  Oct.  2;  Montevedo,  sth  ;  Rio  Janeiro,  15th;  Pernambuco,  23d;  St.  Vincent,  31st;  Teneiiffe,  Nov.  sth  Maderia,  7th;  Lisbon,  11th.  The  Severn  brings  38  passengers,  and  on  freight  specie  value  1001.,  diamonds  value  10,0001„  136  serous  cochineal,  22  serous  ipecacuanha,  586  chests  oranges,  and  sundry  merchandise,  and  has  ex experienced  perienced experienced  heaVy  north-easterly  gales  since  leaving  _isbon.  This  packet  left  Rio  only  five  days  after  the  Brazileira,  which  reached  Liverpool  on  the  sth  inst.  No  events  of  importance  had  transpired  in  the  interm,  either  in  the  River  Plate  or  in  the  Brazils.  The  internal  condition  of  Buenos  Ayres  was  rapidly  improving,  and  a  number  of  industrial  enterprises  were  on  the  tapis.  This  packet  brings  a  memorandum  and STYLE=superscript  protest  from  the  Government  of  Buenos  Ayres,  addressed  to  all  the  European  powers,  against  the  treaty  re recently  cently recently  established  for  a  protectorate  of  the  Island  of  Martin  Garcia.  At  Rio  the  closing  rate  of  exchange  on  London  was  28  ;  six  per  cent.  stock,  101  to  102.  Coffee  sold  at  full  prices.  Exchange  to  the  amount  of  450,0001.  has  been  done  upon  London.  Freights  active,  ~i  From  Lisbon  we  have  accounts  to  the  11th  inst.  The  Peninsular  and  Oriental  Company's  steamer  Iberia  left  for  Southampton  on  that  day,  having  started  two  days  behind  her  time  in  consequence  of  a  long  outward  passage.  Exchange  on  London  54.  Asevere  shock  of  an  earthquake  bad-been  experienced  in  Lisbon  The  screw  steamer  Lady  Jocelyn  left  St.  Vin Vincent's  cent's Vincent's  on  the  30th  October.  The  steamer  Aus  tralian  arrived  on  the  same  day  from  London,  and  remained  in  quarantine,  having  been  fined  for  a  breach  of  the  port  regulations.  THE  BRAZILIAN  MAILS.  SOUTHAINIPTON,  TUESDAY.  — STYLE=superscript  The  Royal  Mail  Com Company's  pany's Company's  steam-ship  Severn  has  just  arrived  with  the  Brazilian  and  River  Plate  mails.  Her  dates  are  Buenos  Ayres,  Oct.  3,  Monte  Video,  6,  Rio  Janeiro,  15,  Pernambuco,  22,  Madeira,  Nov.  7,  and  Lisbon,  The  news  from  Buenos  Ayres  is  encouraging.  The  Buenos  Ayres  Packet  states  that  the  spirit  of  union,  cordiality,  and  progress  is  on  At  Pernambuco,  operations  in  exports  had  been  small;  the  sugar  crop  being  very  late.  A  scarcity  of  shipping  existed,  and  high  freights  prevailed.  A  large  business  had  been  done  for  this  season  in  exchange,  amounting  to  £93,000,  almost  entirely  at  2s.  3d.  Money  plentiful,  and  discounts  low.  The  steamer  Olinda  arrived  out  from  Liverpool  on  the  18th  October.  The  Severn  reports  having  received  clean  bills  of  health  from  all  the  Brazilian  ports,  the  yellow  fever  having  entirely  disappeared  ;  notwithstanding,  the  ship  was  placed  in  quarantine  in  the  Spanish  and  Portuguese  ports.  The  °event  brings  advises  from  Lisbon  to  the  11th.  A  smart  shock  of  earthquake  was  felt  on  the  4th.  Elections  in  different  parts  of  Portugal  to  fill  up  vacancies  in  the  Chamber  of  Deputies  had  termi terminated  nated terminated  in  favour  of  ministerial  candidates.  There  was  a  gceat  influx  of  gold,  and  English  sovereigns  were  consequently  at  a  discount  of  50  reis.  Silver  scarce-  The  Gem,  from  Denia,  had  put  into  the  Tagus  n  a  leaky  state.  THE  AFRICAN  MAILS.  FALMOUTH,  TUESDAY—The  Faith,  Commander  Parsons,  has  arrived  with  the  mails  from  West  Africa.  Her  dates  are  Sierra  Leone,  October  23  ;  Teneriffe,  November  1;  and  Madeira,  November  3.  She  has  on  freight  gold  dust  to  the  amount  of  £6,000.  .  The  following  vessels  of  war  were  at  Lagos  :  The  Electra,  Polyphemus,  and  Waterwitch.  At  Sierra-Leone—Myrmidon,  Volcano,  and  Britomart.  FRANCE.  PARIS,  MONDAY  EVENING.—The  news  given  by  the  Moniteur  of  this  day,  respecting  the  affair  at  Oltenitza,  terminates  in  a  way  which  leaves  every  body  in  doubt  as  to  what  was  meant.  The  Moni Moniteur  teur Moniteur  says  Prince  Gortschakoff  has  left  for  Oltenitza.  It  is  intended  to  attack  the  Turks  with  24,000  men  to-day  or  Is  this  extracted  from  the  despatch,  received  by  the  French  govern government,  ment, government,  and  the  date  of  which  is  not  given  ?  or  is  it  the  language  of  the  Moniteur  ?  If  it  be  extracted  from  the  despatch,  the  to-day  or  may  have  been  the  sth  or  the  6th—and  it  can  indeed  hardly  be  supposed  that  Prince  Gortschakoff  would  wait  - STYLE=superscript  eight  or  nine  days  before  he  attacked,  thus  giving  abundant  time  to  the  Turks  to  receive  rein reinforcements,  forcements, reinforcements,  which  would  be  the  case  if  the  Moni Moniteur  teur Moniteur  means  the  13th  or  14th.  The  article  of  the  Moniteur  being  written  on  the  13th,  the  to-day  or  of  that  journal,  unless  it  has  omitted  to  give  the  account  as  an  extract,  would  be  yester yesterday  day yesterday  or  to-day.  The  Presse  of  this  evening  says— 'says'  It  is  known  that  Prince  Gortschakoff  had  made  the  attack  with  his  24,000  men,  and  had  been  again  defeated;  but  the  Presse  does  not  say  who  knows  this,  or  how  the  news  ramp  The  Count  de  Nesselrode's  note  has  excited  great  dissatisfaction.  It  is  rumoured,  that  on  Saturday  last,  when  the  manifesto  and  the  note  were  both  in  the  hands  of  the  Emperor  of  the  _  _  ~  French,  it  was  intimated  to  M.  de  Kisseleit  that  under  existing  en  ~,..ta.c.oos  hi  s  p  resence  a  t  Fon Fontainebleau  tainebleau Fontainebleau  might  be  unpleasant  to  ithu.  It  appears  that  he  had  previously  received  an  invita invitation.  tion. invitation.  The  money  market  has  been  very  dull  to-da  y  with  very  little  variation  in  prices.  There  wa  s  in  fact,  scarcely  any  business.  It  is  worth  stating,  as  the  Emperor  of  Russia  charges  - STYLE=superscript  the  Porte  with  having  collected  revolu revolutionary  tionary revolutionary  elements  for  the  war  with  Russia,  that  up  to  this  time  the  Turkish  ambassador  here  has  not  accepted  any  of  the  offers  made  by  officers  of  dif different  ferent different  countries.  Only  three  days  ago  the  son  of  an  ex-Peer  of  France,  and  himself  a  distinguished  officer,  offered  his  services  to  the  ambassador,  who  thanked  him  warmly,  but  said  he  had  received  no  authority  from  his  government  to  accept  any  of  the  offers  that  had  been  made  to  him.  The  Patrie  of  this  evening  has  no  news  of  im importance  portance importance  from  the  Danube,  but  it  states  from  Trebizond,  that  the  authentic  account'  of  the  last  affairs  of  the  Caucasus  had  been  received  there,  and  that  it  fully  confirms  all  that  has  been  said  of  the  great  victory  over  the  Russians  obtained  by  Shamyl.  - STYLE=superscript  _The  following  was  published  in  our  Second  Supplement  of  yesterday].  VIENNA,  MONDAY.  According  to  a  private  dispatch,  fighting  was  renewed  near  Bucharest;  on  the  morning  of  the  11th  inst.  It  is  believed  that  Omer  Pasha  will  also  attemp  to  cross  the  Danube  above  Galatz,  in  order  to  gel  to  Moldavia.  •  The  Turkish  Embassy  here  have  reason  to  be believe  lieve believe  that  between  Ninety  and  One  Hundred  Thousand  Turks  have  already  crossed  the  Da Danube.  nube. Danube.  The  Wanderer  publishes  a  letter  from  Bucharest  of  the  6th,  stating,  that  after  a  series  of  murderous  conflicts  on  3rd,  4th,  and  sth,  the  Turks  maintained  their  position  on  the  Wallachian  bank  of  the  Danube,  while  the  Russians  took  refuge  in  their  entrenchments  near  Oltenitza.  Advices  from  Kalafat  of  3rd  state  that  on  tha  day  that  the  Turks  had  left  their  positions,  theyt  were  waiting  for  reinforcements  to  mareh  upon  Krajova.  .  .  The  communication  between  Galatz  and  Odessa  has  been  interrupted  since  October  28th.  Some  disaffection  seems  to  have  shown  itself  among  the  Polish  troops  in  Russian  service,  and  four  soldiers  have  been  summarily  shot.  the  Morning  Chronicle  correspondent  writing  on  the  9th  instant,  from  Bucharest,  states  that  the  Turks  have  been  repulsed  from  the  Island  near  Guirgevo..  General  Klapka  has  received  a  Turkish  com command  mand command  at  Oltenitza,  or  Giurgevo.  A  strong  can cannonade  nonade cannonade  was  heard  on  the  9th.  Gortschakoff  had  advanced  his  head  quarters  some  stations  from  Bucharest.  The  Correspondent  of  the  Morning  Post  writing  from  St.  Petersburgh  on  the  6th  inst.,  states  that  the  Czar's  Manifesto  was  read  in  all  the  Churches  on  the  4th.  There  was  a  review  the  same  day,  but  the  Manifesto  was  not  read  to  the  soldiers.  A  corps  dames  was  under  orders  to  embark  from  Odessa  for  Georgia  to  reinforce  Prince  Woranzoff,  who  urgently  asks  for  succour.  The  embarkation  has  been  countermanded  since  the  proclamation  of  war  by  Turkey,  as  that  Power's  naval  forces  in  the  Black  •Sea  might  effectually  hinder  the  corps  from  reaching  its  destination.  The  forces  will  now  proceed  to  the  Principalities.  The  orders  for  sending  Russian  cavalry  to  the  Principalities  is  withdrawn,  as,  owing  to  the  rains,  they  could  not  act.  CONSTANTINOPLE,  OCTOBER  31ST.  It  is  said  that  the  Turks  have  obtained  posses possession  sion possession  of  seven  Russian  Forts,  in  Georgia  and  the  Caucasus.  HOLLAND.  The  Bank  of  Amsterdam  raised  the  rate  of  dis discount  count discount  from  two  and  a-half  to  three  per  cent,  on  Monday.  PARIS  BOURSE,  MONDAY.  The  Funds  steady,  but  very  little  done.  Three's  closed  at  72-50  ;  Four  and  a•half  per  cents,  99-90.  The  Times  says  much  uncertainty  still  prevails  respecting  the  actual  incidents  of  the  Wallachian  war,  and  it  awaits  further  advioes."
