text
"THE  SEAT  OF  WAR.  The  following  description  of  Bucharest,  the  centre  of  military  operations  in  Wallachia,  cannot  fail  to  be  interesting  to  our  readers  at  the  present  crisis  :  Bucharest  is  situated  on  a  vast  marshy  plain,  on  the  river  Domboritza,  about  400  'miles  N.N.W.  of  Constantinople.  It  is  the  capital  of  Wallachia,  and  the  residence  of  the  Waivode,  or  Hospodar,  and  the  see  of.  a  Greek  archbishop  ;  •is  partly  fortified,  and  shows,  at  a  distance  many  gaily  painted  cupolas  and  pointed  - STYLE=superscript  spires,  with  a  vast  extent  of  buildings  interspersed  amidst  luxuriant  gardens;  but  when  closely  approached  is  found  to  consist  of  merely  a  collection  of  villages,  without  plan  or  regularity.  In  1836  there  were  estimated  to  be  10,674  houses,  which  are,  in  general,  very  small,  and  in  numerous  instances  not  larger  than  huts,  the  best  of  them  being  built  of  stone  and  covered  with  wooden  tiles.  Almost  every  house  possesses  a  wide  garden,  enclosed  with  entire  trunks  of  oak  set  closely  together,  and  the  streets  Eiro  paved  with  planks  of  wood  about  30  feet  long,  giving  to  the  streets  the  app  earance  o  f  continued  bridges  throughout  the  whole  extent  of  the  town.  It  is  said  to  contain  26  monasteries  and  90  Greek  churches,  the  principal  of  which  is  the  patriarchal  cathedral  adjoining  the  palace  of  the  archbishop.  This  edifice  stands  on  an  eminence,  and  commands  a  pleasant  view  of  the  whole  capital.  The  hall  of  the  Wallachian  chamber  of  representatives  is isin  in isin  a  building  connected  with  the  magnificent  church  of  St.  George.  The  palace  of  the  Hospo Hospodar  dar Hospodar  presents  but  a  mean  appearance,  being  of  con considerable  siderable considerable  antiquity  ;  but  the  hotels  of  the  Austrian  and  Russian  ambassadors,  and  several  of  the  mansions,  of  the  boyards,  or  nobles,  are  modern  and  very  handsome.  In  the  centre  of  the  town,  are  the  bazaars  or  shops,  protected  from/the  sun  by  roofs  of  timber  frame-work.  During  the  months  or  January  and  Fobruawy  frnQf  eryntinnes  without  cessation,  and  the  thermometer  often  falls  eight  degrees  below  zero.  In  March,  April,  and  May,  the  temperature  is  moderate  ;  but  in  June,  July,  and  August,  the  maximum  heat  is  85  degrees.  Its  principal  exports  consist  of  wine,  provisions,  skins,  and  wool  to  Constantinople  ;  salt  and  salted  provisions  to  Russia,  and  of  cattle  and  hogs  to  Germany.  The  population  is  var  i  ous  l  y  estimated;  in  1837  it  was  supposed  to  be  from  70,000  to  83,000,  of  whom  27,000  are  boyards  ;  236  secular  priests  ;  137  monks  ;  2,583  Jews;  1795  foreigners,  and  the  remainder  are  chiefly  Christians,  though  in  their  manners  and  customs,  they  resemble  'much  their  Turkish.  masters.  Two  newspapers  are  published  ;  there  are  three  printing  offices,  a  public  and  22  private  schools.  Bucharest  has  been  suc successively  cessively successively  subject  to  the  Russians,  Austrians,  and  the  Turks  ;  but  was  delivered  up  to  the  nominal  government  of  the  latter  power  at  the  peace  of  Sistova,  in  1791,  and  to  the  Turkish  treasury  it  pays  an  annual  tribute  of  about  £26,000.  LONDON  AND  NORTH-WESTERN  AND  MIDLAND  RAILWAY.  —lt  appears  that  these  companies  intend  to  apply  to  par parliament  liament parliament  in  the  ensuing  session  for  power  to  amalgamate  the  two  undertakings  upon  such  terms  and  conditions  as  may  be  agreed  upon;  also  for  power  to  fix  the  amount  of  the  capital  stock,  and  to  regulate  the  different  classes  of  shares,  and  to  make  working  arrangements  respecting  the  traffic.  VERY  SMALL  BEER.—On  a  recent  visit  to  Winchester,  I  tried  the  St.  Crosse  tap,  which  is  open  to  any  wayfarer,  as  all  the  world  knows.  Ido  not  know  whether  the  liquid  given  as  to  the  traveller  has  passed  through  the  ordeal  of  the  _Lancet  analysation,  but  this  I  do  know,  that  I  would  go  all  the  way  to  Winchester  to  see  Lord  Guildford  drink  a  pint  of  it.  My  only  fear  would  be  that  I  might  run  the  risk  of  being  tried  as  accessory  before  the  in  case  it  killed  him.  It  reminded  me  of  the  celebrated  small  beer  case,  when  the  landlady  gave  her  evidence,  no  man  had  ever  got  drunk  off  it,  but  two  had  Times  Correspondent.  TYNEMOUTII  BRIBERY  COMMISSION.—The  commissioners  appointed  by  the  crown  to  inquire  into  the  corrupt  prac practices  tices practices  in  the  parliamentary  elections  at  Tynemouth,  opened  their  court  in  the  Town•hall,  Saville,  on  Wednesday.  The  names  of  the  gentlemen  are  Henry  Davison,  Esq.,  (chief  commissioner,)  John  Harrell,  Esq.,  and  James  Vaughan,  Esq  .  .  The  chief  commissioner  opened  the  proceedings  by  setting  forth  the  nature  of  the  inquiry  they  were  about  to  institute,  which  would  depend  on  the  nature  of  the  evidence  they  received,  whether  it  should  be  extended  to  preceding  elections.  A  great  number  of  summonses  have  been  issued,  and  Mr.  Granville  Somerset,  the  secretary,  has  been  down  n  Nr6  KeltingLpi  the  evidence.  an  advertisement  from  EieriCßil  t STYLE=superscript  iFos  &amp;Wan  contain  for  tenders  for  mail  contracts  to  California,  Oregon,  Utah,  and  New  Mexico.  The  contracts  are  nearly  100  in  number,  and  some  of  the  mail  routes  are  1,000  miles  long.  The  distance  of  the  whole  of  the  mail  routes  is  nearly  10,000  miles.  Mail  bags  are  to  be  taken  up  and  dropped  at  about  300  places.  The  postal  communication  between  great  numbers  of  the  towns  is  to  be  daily.  The  longest  routes  are  to  have  a  mail  service  once  a  month.  Every  kind  of  mail  conveyance  will  be  adopted  suitable  to  the  districts  in  which  they  will  travel—viz,  steamboats,  four-horse  coaches,  carts,  wagons,  and  saddl,s-hones.  The  contracts  are  to  commence  in  18J4,  and  to  last  until  1858.  DIPERFECTIONS  OF  A  LOCAL  MAGISTRACY.  Many  in instances  stances instances  of  local  interest  are  constantly  arising,  in  which  pre-arrangement  of  the  judicial  decision  may  be  readily  conceived.  One  instance  would  be  in  the  strikes  and  combinations  among  manufacturers  and  workmen  en engaged  gaged engaged  in  undertakings  which  involve  large  partnerships  and  connections,  and  where  there  are  other  manufactories  and  works  of  the  same  description  affected  by  .  such  strikes,  and  where  the  result  to  one  magistrate  being  an  employer,  would  affect  others  in  the  sam  e  predicament.  low  could  there,  in  such  a  case  as  that,  be  the  firm  and  implicit  reliance  on  the  part  of  the  public  that  ought  to  rest  on  the  magistrate  appointed  by  the  state  to  do  impartial  and  undeviating  justice  between  man  and  man  ?  Obviously,  there  could  be  none.  Another  instance  might  arise  out  of  the  system  of  licensing  where  partiality  has  been  in  some  cases  so  clearly  shown  as  to  call  forth  strollg  and  indignant  remonstrances.  A  third  might  be  connected  with  the  supervision  of  prisons,  and  other  local  institutions  ;  and  upon  that  latter  point  there  has  already  been  so  much  before  the  public,  that  further  allusion  to  the  subject  seems  here  wholly  in  the  Chronicle.  OUR  NEIGHBOURHOOD.—South-east  and  south-west  of  the  metropolis  lies  a  vast  exp:inse  of  low  land,  reeking  with  stagnant  water,—like  the  fens  of  Cambridgeshire  and  Lin Lincolnshire  colnshire Lincolnshire  in  the  17th  century,  or  the  banks  of  the  Lower  Danube  at  the  present  hour.  Its  fetid  mists  rise  up  under  the  nostrils  of  nearly  3,000,000  of  persons  not  generally  supposed  to  be  careless  of  their  personal  comforts,  and  help  to  poison  the  atmosphere  breathed  by  the  rulers  of  the  world.  3,000,000  of  men,  with  boundless  wealth,  and  a  marvellous  scientific  apparatus  at  hand,  rise  up  in  the  morn morning  ing morning  to  breathe  the  miasma,  inhale  it  all  day  long,  and  lie  down  with  it  in  their  bedrooms  at  night,  content  and  help helpless.  less. helpless.  Truly  we  are  a  strange  people  as  regards  our  social  logic.  Men  who  would  avoid  a  Venetian  lagune  in  August,  and  would  hurry  from  Rome  at  the  fall,  lest  some  lurking  poison  in  the  Italian  air  should  creep  into  their  lungs,  will  sit  down  easily  on  the  banks  of  the  Thames,  and  smile  ap approvingly  provingly approvingly  at  lobe  Isle  of  Dogs.—Athencetem.  THE  LORD  RECTORSHIP  OF  GLASGOW  UNIVERSITY.  The  election  of  lord  rector,  took  place  on  Tuesday,  the  candidates  being  the  Earl  of  Eglinton  and  Mr.  Alfred  Ten Tennyson,  nyson, Tennyson,  the  poet  laureate.  The  result  of  the  voting  was  as  follows  :  Lord  Eglinton.  Tennyson.  Glottiana  B9  ...  Loudoniana  Transforthiana  .  .  27  ..  .  ,Rothesiana  222  179  it  will  be  seen  that  the  votes  are  equal  in  the  Loudoniana  nations,  but  as  the  procurator  gave  his  casting  vote  in  favour  of  Lord  Eglinton,  his  lordship  was  placed  on  an  equality  as  In  the  number  of  with  Mr.  Tenny Tennyson.  son. Tennyson.  The  vice  -rector,  Dr.  Itainny,  then  gave  his  casting  vote  for  his  loraghip,  giving  him  a  majority  of  ono  nation.  Lord  Eglinton  waz  accordingly  re-elected.  WHAT  MIGHT  BE  DONE  TO  AVERT  THE  PESTILENCE.  —I  have  a  profound  conviction  that  nothing  of  a  remedial  nature  can  be  attempted  (when  whitewash  and  shovel  have  done  their  present  work)  without  a  dispersion  of  the  con congested  gested congested  life  with  which  we  have  to  deal,  and  with  this  a  con consequent  sequent consequent  lowering  of  an  unnatural  value  attained  by  certain  house  property.  I  look  upon  this  dispersion  as  the  only  chance  of  safety  for  more  than  50,000  fellow-creatures,  the  only  chance  of  avoiding  a  huge  wreck  of  life.  Look  to  Newcastle.  This  dispersion  must  be  effected,  with  the  law,  if  possible,  but  effected  a  n  d  a  t  once  .  I  thi  n  k  it  may  be  done  thus  :—Let  houses  of  refuge  on  a  large  scale  be  immediately  formed  at  convenient  localities,  on  existing  lines  of  railway,  within  ten  or  fifteen  miles  of  London.  Let  passage  within  this  distance,  by  means  of  a  general  rate,  be  made  easy.  Let  all  condemnable  dwellings  be  forthwith  compulsorily  closed.  Let  residence  in  all  localities  upon  a  certain  low  level  be  discouraged,  and  the  formation  of  business  premises  in  their  place  be  by  all  means  enforced.  Let  the  extension  of  the  metropolitan  railways  to  convenient  central  termini  be  no  longer  delayed.  Let  new  suburban  lines,  if  possible,  be  commenced.  Let  small  markets  be  erected  at  frequent  intervals,  in  which  costermongers  should  be  compelled  to  store  and  sell  :their  gods.  Let  poor  -rates  be  equally  spread  over  the  entire  metropolitan  area;  and,  finally,  let  the  Queen  be  petitioned  to  cause  a  royal  commission  to  issue  for  the  attainment  of  that  grand  object,  a  life-possible  home  for  the  Poor.  lam  supposing  we  are  prepared  to  sanction  a  large  outlay  for  these  purposes  ;  it  might  possibly  be  cheaper  to  let  us  die;  but  the  money-cost  of  even  50,000  lives  (and  the  cost  of  50,000  deaths),  supposing  us  worth  no  more  than  the  fifth  of  an  American  nigger,  would  be  something  more  than  a  million  sterling.  Look  at  Newcastle.  And  again  I  say,  what  is  done  must  be  done  at  once,  for  the  night  is  at  hand.  —The  Builder.  LIVERPOOL  DISTRICT  COURT  OF  BAIYERUPTCIS  YESTERDAY.  ,  (BEFORE  MA.  COMMISSIONER  STEVENSON.)  ;  IN  RE  BENJAMIN  DAvia,  draper,  Holywell.  Mr.  EVANs  said  that  he  had  been  instructed  by  Messrs.  Sale,  Worthington,  and  Shipman,  of  Manchester,  attorneys  for  the  assignees,  to  mention  a  circumstance  in  connection  with  this  case,  which  had  given  rise  to  considerable  annoy annoy'  ' annoy'  ante.  The  petition  was  filed  on  the  3rd,  and  adjudication  took  place  on  the  sth  of  May  last,  and  the  20th  of  May  .  last  and  the  16th  of  June,  were  appointed  the  days  for  Bur.;  render.  The  bankrupt  did  not  surrender,  and  he  had  there=  fore  by  the  251st  section  of  the  act,  committed  a  felony  and  rendered  hiniself  liable  to  imprisonment  or  transportation  ;  but  in  order  to  prove  that  he  had  committed  the  felony,  it  was  necessary,  first,  to  show  that  notice  had  been  given  in  the  Gazette,  and,  secondly,  that  a  summons  in  writing  had  been  served  upon  him  personally,  or  left  at  the  last  knori  place  of  his  abode.  The  bankrupt  did  not  surrender  on  the  appointed  day,  and  the  creditors  were  put  to  considerable  expense  in  endeavouring  to  trace  out  some  property  which  had  been  removed  from  place  to  place.  But  it  being  eveo eveotually  tually eveotually  discovered  that  the  bankrupt  was  living  in  Manches Manchester,  ter, Manchester,  an  application  was  made  to  his  Honor  to  direct  that  a  prosecution  be  instituted  against  him  at  the  expense  of  the  Chief  Re,gistrar's  funds  The  application  was  granted  on  the  3rd  of  this  month,  and  the  magistrates  immediately  granted  a  warrant  on  the  proceedings  in  the  Court  of  Bankruptcy  being  produced  to  them.  The  bankrupt  was  arrested,  ankl  on  being  brought  before  the  magistrates,  applied  for  a  re remand  mand remand  in  order  to  obtain  legal  assistance.  The  remand  was  accordingly  granted,  and  he  was  again  brought  up  at  the  police-office  on  last  Friday.  Mr.  Evans  here  detailed  all  that  occurred  on  that  occasion  ;  but  it  is  unnecessary  for  us  to  do  so,  as  a  report  of  the  case  was  given  in  our  ensuing  publication  on  Saturday.  The  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  in  the  Court  of  Bankruptcy  were  regularly  proved,  but  it  appearing  by  the  evidence  of  a  Mr.  Bell,  auctioneer,  Holf Holfwell,  well, Holfwell,  to  whom  the  summons  for  surrender  had  been  sent  for  service,  that  he  had  posted  the  summons  inside  tbe  shop  !  then  locked  the  door  and  took  the  key  with  him,  the  magistrate  held  that  this  was  not  a  proper  service,  and  dis discharged  charged discharged  the  bankrupt.  The  consequence  was,  Mr.  Evans  proceeded  to  say,  that  the  bankrupt  went  away  ;  no  prose..  (nion  uuultl  therefore  Laic  -race,  awl  1,1..  c  v.,,a14,...,,  w  0,,,,  laughed  at  for  their  trouble  in  the  matter.  The  service  pf  the  summons  was  entrusted  to  the  proper  officer  of  the  court,  the  messenger,  and  it  was  his  duty  to  see  that  it  was  served  in  such  a  way  that  the  act  of  parliament  would  haye  been  complied  with.  The  solicitor  having  charge  of  the  case  had  nothing  whatever  to  do  with  it.  It  was  altogether  in  the  messenger's  hands,  and  if  he  could  not  have  attended  at  the  place  himself,  he  should  have  taken  care  to  have  ell ellployed  ployed ellployed  a  proper  person  to  serve  the  summons,  If  the  me  -  senger  had  gone  to  the  plac  e  hi  mse  lf,  an  d  h  a  d  k  nown  t  o  circumstances,  and  that  the  bankrupt  co  u  ld  no  t  h  ave  acce  s  to  the  shop,  he  would  most  certainly  h  ave  t  a  k  en  a  different  course  from  that  adopted.  Or  if  a  solicitor  had  been  em employed,  ployed, employed,  he  would  have  taken  care  that  the  service  was  pro properly  perly properly  done.  But  here  an  improper  person  was  employepl,  and  the  consequence  was  that  the  bankrupt  escaped,  aid  the  labours  of  the  creditors  went  for  nothing.  In  conclu conclusion,  sion, conclusion,  Mr.  Evans  said,  that  he  had  been  requested  to  mention  this  matter  thus  publicly  to  his  Honor,  in  order  to  prevent  a  recurrence  of  such  cases,  and  then  read  the  letter  which  he  had  received  from  Messrs.  Sale,  Worthington,  and  Shipman,  in  which  they  represe  n  t  e  d  the  annoyance  their  clients,  Messrs.  Samuel  and  James  Watts,  who  were  credi creditors  tors creditors  against  the  estate  for  £lOO,  experienced  at  the  turn  matters  had  taken  ;  and  stating  that  as  the  case  should  be  begun  de  MVO,  they  would  cease  all  further  proceedings.  '  Mr.  GASKILL,  the  messenger,  was  then  sent  for,  and  on  being  made  aware  of  Mr.  Evans's  statement,  he  observed  that  what  that  gentleman  had  stated  was  true.  When  this  file  was  originally  opened  by  Mr.  Evans,  it  was  stated  that  there  was  a  very  large  stock  of  drapery  goods  at  the  bank bankrupt's  rupt's bankrupt's  place  in  Holywell.  Upon  this  he  (Mr.  Gaskill)  sent  over  one  of  his  messengers,  and  immediately  followed  him  himself,  but  found  nothing  there  but  an  empty  shop.  Hear Hearing,  ing, Hearing,  then,  that  the  goods  had  been  removed,  he  told  the  mes messenger  senger messenger  that  he  would  be  better  employed  in  looking  after  the  property  than  in  keeping  watch  over  bare  walls  ;  and  as  soon  as  the  man  had  done  so,  he  communicated  with  Mr.  Evans,  and  was  directed  to  withdraw,  and  to  give  up  the  keys  to  the  auctioneer.  If  the  man  had  not  been  withdrawn  lie  would  have  remained  in  the  house,  and  no  question  as  to  the  proper  service  of  the  summons  would  have  arisen  ;  but  even  as  the  matter  stood,  he  (Mr.  Gaskill)  contended  that  he  had  complied  with  the  Act  of  Parliament,  by  leaving  the  sum summons  mons summons  at  the  bankrupt's  last  known  place  of  abode.  Itis  wife,  moreover,  lived  within  a  few  doors  of  the  premises,  and  knew  full  well  that  Mr.  Bell  had  the  keys  of  the  house,  and  that  they  could  be  had  if  at  any  moment  the  bankrupt  re returned  turned returned  and  wished  to  enter  the  house.  The  man  could  not  help  locking  up  the  premises  when  he  was  told  to  withdraw.  As  to  the  service  of  the  summons  by  deputy,  (he  Mr.  Gaskill)  could  not  do  it  personally,  because  he  would  not  be  allowed  his  personal  expenses  for  going  there  ;  he  was  there therefore  fore therefore  obliged  to  do  it  by  an  agent,  and  he  contended  that  in  this  instance  the  auctioneer  was  a  proper  agent,  inasmuch  as  he  had  been  a  solicitor's  clerk  in  Manchester  and  Liverpool  for  sionai  ageliti  - STYLE=superscript  liaugreliras  i STYLE=superscript  WatirceNnfiteud  t1kaae...21191:.  nearly  six  hundred  miles,  nor  could  he  attend  in  all  places  himself,  because  he  would  not  be  allowed  his  personal  ex expenses  penses expenses  for  doing  so.  At  the  same  time  he  should  still  contend  that  in  this  case  the  act  of  parliament  had  been  complied  with.  The  summons  had  been  left  at  the  bankrupt's  last  known  place  of  abode—it  could  not  bo  loft  at  the  public  house,  or  at  tho  nost  door,  and  he  was  still  to  learn  that  the  ',shutter  or  the  door  was  the  last  known  placa  of  of  the  bankrupt.  ___.  The  003  L STYLE=superscript  -MISSIONER  :  Have  you  never  on  any  occasion  posted  the  summons  outside  ?  -  Mr.  GASKILE  :  Never.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  Then,  I  suppose,  the  doors  were  open.  Mr.  GASKILL  :  Not  always;  we  have  had  similar  cases  to  this,  and  it  was  never  disputed  that  we  had  complied  with  the  act  of  parliament.  Tne  act  says  nothing  of  posting  on  shutters  or  doors,  but  of  leaving  the  summons  at  the  bank bankrupt's  rupt's bankrupt's  last  known  place  of  Mr.  EVANS  :  But  here  is  the  wife  living  within  a  few  doors  of  the  house,  and  she  has  not  been  informed—at  least  it  does  not  appear  so  upon  the  evidence—of  this  service.  Mr.  GA.sxua,  :  I  beg  your  pardon.  The  wife  knew  that  Bell  had  the  keys,  and  if  the  bankrupt  had  returned  at  any  time  he  could  have  had  admission.  The  COMMISSIONER  :  Is  it  clear  that  the  service  outside  the  house  would  be  thoroughly  right  ?  I  would  not,  nor  am  I  called  upon,  to  give  an  opinion  on  that  point  now;  but  is  it  clear  that  the  service  outside  the  house  is  r  i  g  ht  ?  If  it  is  not,  then  the  act  is  made  a  dead  letter.  If  thb  messenger  had  employed  a  solicitor,  would  he  be  allowed  the  usual  charge  of  a  professional  man  in  such  a  case  ?  Mr.  GAsKILL  :  Certainly  not  ;  and  if  he  should  employ  a  solicitor  he  would  have  charged  me  just  double  what  I  am  allowed.  I  would  have  had  to  pay  him  13s.  4d.,  and  lam  allowed  only  6s.  Bd.  The  COMMISSIONER  asked  if  in  that  case  it  would  not  be  a  hardship  on  the  messenger  to  requiro  him  to  employ  a  soli solicitor  citor solicitor  ?  Mr.  EVANS  did  not  think  that  the  messenger  was  so  badly  paid  in  the  matter,  and  cited  one  or  two  of  the  fees.  Mr.  GASKILL  said  that  that  was  not  the  question.  Besides,  the  Messenger  was  paid  not  by  salary  but  by  fees.  Mr.  AYRES,  Mr.  Gaskill's  clerk,  observed  that  that  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  had  gone  over  to  Holywell,  in  the  first  instance,  not  to  serve  the  summons,  but  to  look  after  property  to  a  large  amount  which  was  said  to  have  been  removed.  He  had  his  man  there  to  perform  the  other  duty.  The  COMMISSIONER  inquired  if  Bell  had  done  anything  before  for  the  court  ?  Mr.  GASKILL  replied  that  he  had,  and  that  Holywell  was  so  small  a  place,  that  the  receipt  of  the  summons  there  would  have  been  known  in  a  moment.  The  COMMISSIONER:  But  the  complaint  is  that  the  case  fell  to  the  ground  for  want  of  proper  service.  Mr.  GASKILL  :  The  summons  was  left  at  the  bankrupt's  last  known  place  of  and  there  has  been,  I  contend,  a  proper  service.  The  COMMISSIONER  observed  that  the  magistrates  deci decided  ded decided  that  the  summons  should  have  been  posted  outside.  Mr.  GASKILL  :  The  magistrates  have  decided  that  the  shutters  were  the  bankrupt's  last  place  of  abode,  and  that  I  deny.  And  Mr.  EVANS,  when  before  them,  contended  for  what  I  do  now.  The  COMMISSIONER  said,  that  the  question  for  his  con consideration  sideration consideration  was  whether  or  not  the  failure  in  the  case  had  arisen  from  the  messenger  not  having  properly  fulfilled  ihis  duty—either  in  not  having  been  at  the  place  himself,  or  in  not  baying  employed  a  competent  person  to  act  for  him.  He  thought,  under  the  circumstances,  that  it  could  hardly  be  expected  that  the  messenger,  not  being  allowed  his  personal  travelling  expences,  should  have  gone  down  to  the  place  himself.  He  was  required,  certainly,  to  employ  a  person  that  was  likely  to  do  the  duty  properly  that  was  ,en ,entrusted  trusted ,entrusted  to  him  ;  but  here  it  could  not  positively  be  alleged  that  such  a  person  had  not  been  employed.  Various  opinions  were  entertained  as  to  what  constituted  a  proper  service  in  such  a  case  ;  but  if  it  were  necessary,  as  it  was  not,  for  him  to  express  an  opinion,  he  (the  Commissioner)  should  say  that  he  was  inclined  to  think  that  the  summons  should  have  been  posted  outside.  Mr.  EVANS  observed,  that  they  were  in  this  difficulty  :  if  they  posted  the  summons  inside  the  house,  and  left  the  door  open,  it  might  be  said  that  any  person  could  have  gone  in  and  torn  it  down  ;  and  if  they  posted  it  inside,  and  locked  the  door,  then  the  present  objection  would  again  arise.  The  COMMISSIONER  said  that  to  avoid  all  mistakes  it  would  be  well  to  paste  it  inside  and  outside,  and  thereby  comply  with  the  spirit  of  the  act.  In  this  matter  it  was  to  be  very  much  regretted  that  such  a  point  had  arisen,  as  it  was  very  desirable,  from  the  nature  of  the  case,  that  it  should  have  come  before  the  court  and  be  made  an  example  of.  He  could  quite  understand  why  the  creditors  should  have  been  so  much  annoyed,  but  he  thought  it  would  be  a  very  harsh  view  to  take  of  the  matter  to  say  that  the  case  had  failed  through  neglect  on  the  part  of  the  messenger.  Mr.  Gaskill  himself  said  that  he  considered  the  posting,  under  the  circumstance,  a  proper  service,  and  that  he  him himself  self himself  would  have  done  precisely  as  Bell  did,  and  therefore  he  (the  Commissioner)  did  not  think  that  any  charge  could  be  laid  against  him.  In  conclusion,  his  Honor  said  that  in  future,  if  application  were  made  to  him,  he  would  at  once"
