text
"COUNTY  COURT.  v  - STYLE=superscript  -ESTE  RDAY.  (Before  Joseph  Pollock,  Esq.,  Judge.)  THE  WHOLESALE  OBJECTIONS  AT  THE  LATE  MUNICIPAL  REVISION,  BnowN  V.  BUCK➢IASTER.—Mr.  Aspinall  appeared  for  the  plaintiff,  who  is  a  watchmaker,  residing  at  33,  Renshaw Renshawstreet,  street, Renshawstreet,  and  Mr.  Bremner  for  the  defendant,  who  is  secretary  to  the  Constitutional  Association.  Mr.  Aspinall,  on  open opening  ing opening  his  case,  stated  that  under  the  first  municipal  reform  act,  5  and  6,  Wm.  IV.  cap.  76,  sec.  9,  any  registered  voter  might  serve  a  notice  of  objection  upon  any  party  who  claimed  a  right  to  vote,  but  contended  that  there  should  be  reasonable  grounds  for  objection.  In  this  case  there  were  no  such  grounds,  and  accordingly  the  present  action  was  brought  to  recover,  in  the  words  of  the  summons,  7s.  6d.  for  work  and  labcur  done  by  the  plaintiff  for  the  defendant,  in  attending  the  Municipal  Revision  Court,  on  the  Bth  of  October  last.  The  plaintiff  proved  that  he  had  received  the  notice  of  ob objection  jection objection  to  his  name  being  put  upon  the  burgess  list  on  the  15th  of  September,  signed  by  Mr.  Buckmaster.  He  accord accordingly  ingly accordingly  attended  the  revision  court  on  the  Bth  October,  from  ten.o'clock  in  the  morning  until  half-past  twn,  and  when  his  name  was  called  upon,  Mr.  Buckmaster  said  the  ob objection  jection objection  is  _  Mr.  BREMNER  contended  that  the  summons  could  not  be  mentioned,  because  it  was  for  work  and  labour  done,  while  no  work  had  been  done.  His  HONOR  held  that  the  objection  was  good,  upon  which  Mr.  ASPINALL  moved  to  amend  the  summons  as  follows  :  For  maliciously,  and  without  reasonable  or  probable  cause,  objecting  to  the  plaintiff  as  not  being  entitled  to  have  his  name  retained  on  the  burgess  list  for  the  borough  of  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  and  thereby  causing  him  great  loss  of  time  in  attending  the  Municipal  Revision  Court,  on  Saturday,  Bth  October.  His  HONOR  thought  he  could  not  allow  that  amendment;  but  he  would  allow  a  new  summons  to  issue  without  further  expense  to  the  plaintiff.  Both  parties  having  agreed  to  take  the  new  summons  as  issued,  Mr.  BREMNER  contended  that  there  was  no  malice,  or  want  of  reasonable  cause  upon  which  to  ground  the  action  against  the  defendant.  He  had  exercised  but  a  statutable  right  in  objecting  to  the  plaintiff;  and  it  could  not  be  con contended  tended contended  that  he  had  done  so  maliciously,  for  they  had  heard  that  hundreds  of  a  like  objection  had  been  made  against  other  parties  by  Mr.  Buckmaster.  Mr.  Bremner  also  argued  that  as  the  objection  had  been  served  on  the  15th  Septem September,  ber, September,  Mr  Buckmaster  might  then  have  believed  that  valid  grounds  did  exist,  though  he  might  afterwards  discover  that  no  reasonable  grounds  did  exist.  He  therefore  submitted  that  the  plaintiff  should  be  non-suited.  Mr.  ASPINALL  replied,  that  Mr.  Bremner's  answer  to  the  malicious  intent  was  the  oddest  possible,  for  it  meant  that  a  man  could  not  be  considered  to  have  acted  maliciously  to  an  individual,  if  at  the  same  time  he  acted  maliciously  to  hun hundreds  dreds hundreds  of  others.  His  HONOR  said  that  he  had  no  evidence  of  malicious  objections  in  any  cases  at  all.  It  might  be,  for  all  that  appeared  in  evidence,  that  200  objections  were  made,  and  199  of  them  were  held  good.  Mr.  ASPINALL  proceeded  to  contend  that  there  was  the  strongest  evidence  that  there  was  no  reasonable  ground  for  the  objection,  for  when  the  case  was  called  on,  Mr.  Buck Buckmaster  master Buckmaster  withdrew  the  objection.  His  HONOR  said  thtit  he  was  not  prepared  to  say  that  an  action  might  not  be  supported  for  bringing  a  person  before  the  Municipal  Revision  Court  to  defend  his  undoubted  right,  if  he  was  so  brought  maliciously  and  without  reason reasonable  able reasonable  cause.  Whenever  such  a  case  came  before  him,  he  would  have  to  decide  it  ;  but  in  this  case  he  was  of  opinion  that  there  was  no  evidence  to  support  the  charge  of  malice  or  want  of  reasonable  or  probable  cause.  It  was  quite  true  that  malice  need  not  be  proved,  but  that  it  might  be  inferred;  but  in  that  case  it  was  for  the  plaintiff  to  prove  that  there  was  a  want  of  reasonable  or  probable  cause  for  objection.  When  a  person  abandoned  an  action,  it  was  not  to  be  considered  as  a  want  of  probable  or  reasonable  cause,  and  that  was  the  position  of  the  present  case  as  it  was  put  before  the  court.  That  was  the  whole  of  the  evidence  before  him;  but  ho  was  of  opinion  that  that  was  not  enough  either  to  infer  malice  or  want  of  probable  or  reasonable  cause.  Ile  should  therefore  nonsuit  the  plaintiff,  but  it  should  be  considered  that  he  gave  no  opinion  on  any  other  case  which  might  come  before  him  supported  by  such  evidence  as  he  had  referred  to.  LIABILITY  OP  RAILWAY  CARRIERS.  HARKER  V.  THE  MANCHESTER,  SHEFFIELD,  AND  LIN LINCOLNSHIRE  COLNSHIRE LINCOLNSHIRE  RAILWAY  COMPANY.—The  plaintiffs,  Messrs  William  and  Adam  Harker,  are  fruiterers,  carrying  on  business  in  St.  John's  Market,  and  the  defendants  were  re represented  presented represented  by  their  agents,  Messrs.  C.  T.  Faulk  ner  ,  an  d  C  o  .,  Old  Quay  Wharf,  Nova  Scotia.  The  action  was  b  roug  ht  to  recover  £2  145.,  for  damage  done  to  thirty-six  baskets  of  cherries,  through  the  negligence  of  the  defendants  in  not  having  forwarded  them  at  the  proper  time.  From  the  evidence  of  the  plaintiffs,  it  appeared  that  on  their  receiving  the  advice  of  the  dispatch  of  the  fruit,  they  called  at  each  of  the  delivery  offices  of  the  company  in  Liverpool,  but  were  told  that  no  cherries  had  arrived.  The  advice  stated  that  the  cherries  had  been  forwarded  on  the  Ist  of  August,  and  in  due  course  they  should  have  arrived  in  Liverpool  early  the  next  morn morning.  ing. morning.  They  did  not  arrive  until  the  morning  of  the  3rd,  but  owing,  as  it  was  alleged,  to  the  delay  in  their  transit,  were  then  much  damaged.  On  the  part  of  the  defendants,  it  was  contended  that  they  were  not  liable,  inasmuch  as  they  had  forwarded  the  goods  at  the  proper  time,  and  if  any  delay  occurred  in  their  carriage,  must  have  been  with  the  NOrth  Western  Rail-  way.  Mr.  Hughes,  a  gentleman  in  the  employ  of  Messrs  Faulk Faulkner  ner Faulkner  and  Co.,  stated  that  the  cherries  had  arrived  at  Grimsby  on  the  Ist  of  August,  that  they  had  been  forwarded  early  on  that  morning  .  by  the  first  fruit  train  for  Manchester,  —that  they  arrived  in  Manchester  on  the  afternoon  of  the  same  day,  and  were  forwarded  thence  by  the  afternoon  train,  so  that  they  should  have  arrived  in  Liverpool  some  time  on  the  following  day.  The  North  Western  Railway  Com Company  pany Company  moreover  alleged  that  the  fruit  had  arrived  in  due  course,  and  the  witness  accordingly  contended  that  under  any  circumstances  the  defendants  could  not  be  held  liable.  His  HoNon  observed  that  it  had  over  and  over  again  been  decided  that  the  parties  to  whom  the  goods  had  been  entrusted  for  carriage,  were  answerable  for  the  conduct  of  all  the  intermediate  agents,  no  matter  who  or  what  their  num number  ber number  might  be.  That  had  been  fully  decided  in  the  case  of  the  Lancashire  Railway  Company  ;  and  though  in  this  case  he  had  not  a  doubt  of  the  liability  of  the  defendants,  he  would  adjourn  the  case  until  the  9th  of  December,  to  enable  the  defendants  to  show  that  they  had  arrived  at  the  time  alleged  by  the  North  Western  Company,  or  to  ascertain  in  what  quarter,  and  with  whom  the  delay  had  occurred.  SEWS  IN  BOHEMIA.  —The  provincial  government  of  Bohemia  has  issued  a  circular  forbidding  Jews  to  give  their  children  christian  names  ,  or  to  keep  christian  servants,  BOOK  READING  IN  ANCIIESTER.—The  detailed  report  of  the  Manchester  Free  Library  contains  a  point  or  two  to  which  we  have  not  yet  drawn  attention.  By  the  way  in  which  the  literary  account  is  kept,  we  are  able  to  judge  of  the  taste  of  the  reading  class  and  of  the  comparative  popu popularity  larity popularity  of  authors  in  that  town.  Shakespeare,  we  are  pleased  to  find,  is  the  writer  most  in  demand  —his  works,  and  books  illustrating  these  works,  having  been  issued  352  several  times  within  the  first  year.  The  book  next  in  popularity  to  Shakspeare  is  The  Arabian  in  the  year  found  294  readers.  Scott  and  Defoe  come  next  in  rank.  was  issued  241  times  ;  Robinson  239  times.  Swift's  was  read  123  times  ;  Smolletfs  Roderick  82.  Biography  has  been  very  much  read.  In  the  history  of  England  Mr.  Macaulay  is  the  popu popular  lar popular  favourite.  His  has  been  read  by  124  ;  the  by  60  ;  Lingard  by  41  ;  Hume  by  31  persons,  French  history,  especially  of  the  Napoleonic  time,  has  been  in  great  demand.  Many  of  the  books  have  been  glanced  at  and  laid  aside.  Two  readers  appear  to  have  gone  through  Hume.  Fourteen  attacked  Clarendon,  but  only  three  reached  the  seventh  volume  ;  the  same  number  toiled  through  Lin Lingard.  gard. Lingard.  Of  the  crowd  who  began  with  Alison,  only  one  came  in  at  the  death.—Athenceum.  THE  DIGNITY  of  NATURE.—The  cultivation  of  the  mou moustache  stache moustache  by  our  working  classes  seems  to  be  a  remarkable  in instance  stance instance  of  an  uprising  of  the  dignity  of  nature  against  the  dignity  o  f  conven  ti  ona  li  sm  .  It  i  s  one  a  those  symptoms  of  public  opinion  almost  beyond  the  pale  of  hostile  criticism.  The  beard,  indeed,  has  the  ad advantage  vantage advantage  of  high  medical  authority  as  being  in  some  way  conducive  to  the  health  of  its  wearer  ;  of  high  artistic  au authority  thority authority  as  being  a  natural  exponent  of  masculine  beauty  !  of  immense  antiquity  as  having  been  the  fashion  of  our  ances ancestors;  tors; ancestors;  and,  above  all,  it  has  the  advantage  of  being  a  natural  gift  to  the  masculine  gender  of  every  nation,  people,  kin kindred,  dred, kindred,  and  tongue  under  heaven.  .  The  artisans  who  recur  to  the  example  of  Sir  Christopher  Wren,  and  Inigo  Jones,  and  Michael  Angelo  ;  the  sailors  who  may  choose  to  revert  to  the  example  of  Drake,  and  Raleigh,  and  Sir  Cloudesley  Shovel,  should  vindicate  their  respectability  by  the  cleanliness  as  well  as  the  respectable  trim  of  their  beards.  Unfortunately,  the  beard  has  been  de desecrated  secrated desecrated  by  its  use  for  political  and  other  symbolism,  and  as  a  distinction  by  absurd  sectarians.  It  should,  by  numbers  of  men  of  known  position,  be  retrieved  from  this  desecration,  and  being  based  on  reason  and  sanatory  uses,  be  made  again  the  outward  and  visible  sign  of  good  sense  ,  instead  of  secta sectarianism  rianism sectarianism  and  extravagant  folly.—The  Builder,"
