text
"SHIPBUILDERS'  ASSOCIATION.  An  adjourned  meeting  of  the  members  of  this  Association  was  held  yesterday,  at  ten  o'clock,  in  the  Regulating  Office,  for  the  purpose  of  receiving  the  report  of  the  Com Committee  mittee Committee  appointed  to  meet  the  Committee  of  the  Journey Journeymen's  men's Journeymen's  Association,  and  to  treat  with  them  on  the  disputed  questions  in  the  trade  generally.  Mr.  J.  W.  GREEN  in  the  chair.  The  other  members  present  were  Messrs.  Ladmore,  M'Keverigan,  Johnson,  J.  Evans,  Potter,  Smith,  Dawson,  M'Elroy,  Clarke,  Cato,  Grayson,  Paul,  T.  B.  Jones,  Legg,  Fitzpatrick,  R.  Williams,  Robert  Evans,  Honorary  Secretay,  and  Mr.  Crosbie,  Assistant  Secretary.  The  CHAIRMAN  having  obtained  leave,  in  the  absence  of  the  report,  to  state  verbatim  what  had  taken  place  in  the  interview  between  the  Committees,  said—Your  Com Committee  mittee Committee  met  the  Committee  of  the  men  on  Monday  evening,  and  the  first  question  submitted  to  them  was,  or  nearly  so,  what  have  you  done  in  any  way  to  increase  the  number  of  ?  The  reply  was  The  next  question  was  to  the  effect,  '  Have  you  any  proposition  to  submit  to  our  ?  And  they  submitted  that  they  would  agree  to  work  by  piece  -work,  and  if  that  proposition  were  enter entertained  tained entertained  by  this  Association,  then  its  Committee  to  draw  up  a  scale  of  prices,  and  to  submit  it  to  them  ;  then  it  should  be  arranged  by  the  two  Committees,  and  submitted  to  the  body  in  general.  There  may  be  opinions  for  and  against  piece  -work,  but  probably,  under  all  the  circumstances,  it  would  be  the  means,  I  don't  mean  to  say  that  it  would  be  a  requisite  means,  but  it  would  be  the  means  of  getting  a  fair  day's  work  at  all  events,  they  would  only  get  value  for  the  work  they  did.  And  if  this  Association  agrees  in  that  system,  then,  probably,  it  may  be  carried  out.  This  suggestion  is  partly  ours,  as  well  as  theirs,  so  that,  probably,.  there  may  not  be  much  difference  of  opinion  on  the  subject.  Mr.  CATO  said,  as  one  of  the  Committee,  he  might  men mention  tion mention  that  it  was  nearly  unanimously  agreed  to,  that  the  system  of  piece-work  should  be  adopted  and  tried,  to  remedy  the  present  evil,  which  he  had  no  doubt  it  would  have  a  great  tendency  to  do.  And  if  there  were  any  one  present  that  had  anything  to  say  respecting  it,  either  for  or  against,  it  would  be  as  well  to  state  so,  and  discuss  the  question  at  once.  There  was,  he  might  say,  one  unanimous  opinion  on  the  matter,  as  Mr.  M'Elroy  alone  dissented  from  the  system.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  But  I  suppose  that  Mr.  M'Elroy  did  not  dissent  from  it  on  principle,  but  merely  through  considera consideration  tion consideration  that  it  would  not  be  efficient  in  itself.  Mr.  GRAYSON  thought  there  was  little  doubt  that  the  ..+o  —.11.  %  by  v  ieue-work  would  be  a  decided  im improvement  provement improvement  on  the  present  mode  of  acting,  and  would  enable  them  to  get  through  the  work  with  comparative  facility.  The  only  fear  was  that,  in  avoiding  Scylla  they  would  run  on  Charybdis--that  was,  instead  of  not  getting  sufficient  work  as  they  thought  now  from  the  men,  they  might  be  getting  too  much.  He  hoped,  also,  that  there  would  be  no  fear  of  not  having  the  work  well  done,  which  was  a  still  more  important  consideration  than  the  time  which  it  occu occupied  pied occupied  in  having  the  work  done.  He  was  no  advocate  for  piece-work  generally.  He  thought  the  samples  which  they  had  in  their  iron  -knees,  which  had  been  forced  on  them  within  the  last  twelve  months,  were,  he  was  sorry  to  say,  a  very  different  description  of  article,  to  that  which  they  had  formerly  taken  pride  in  turning  out  of  their  own  shops.  He  did  not  wish  to  make  any  objection  to  the  proposed  system,  -  but  they  should  take  such  precautions  that  whilst  adopting  measures  to  increase  the  facilities  for  carrying  on  the  work,  they  would  at  the  same  time  look  to  the  more  important  consideration  of  having  the  work  well  done.  And  he  thought  the  committee,  before  they  proceeded  to  draw  up  any  scale  of  prices,  should  endeavour  also  to  have  a  fair  understanding  about  the  amount  of  work  that  could  and  would  be  well  done  in  the  day's  work.  MR.  CATO  What  does  Mr.  Grayson  mean  by  saying  having  too  much  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  was  going  to  make  the  same  remark,  and  to  say  that  the  wages  as  the  value  of  so  much  work  would  regulate  that.  Mr.  W.  B.  JONES  thought  that  the  quantity  of  work  would  be  regulated  by  the  price.  It  would  be  considered  what  a  man  was  able  to  do,  and  to  do  well,  and  then  the  price  could  be  regulated  by  the  London  book,  though  in  some  things  he  thought  that  very  high.  Mr.  Grayson,  how however,  ever, however,  had  justly  observed  that  it  would  facilitate  the  carry carrying  ing carrying  out  of  the  work,  and  so  keep  the  business  in  Liverpool.  Manyshipshasleft  this  port  andgone  elsewhere  to  be  repaired,  butifthepresent  system  were  adopted  it  would  give  much  less  trouble  tothe  masters  than  the  oldsystem,  and  the  ship  owners  would  be  able  to  get  away  their  ships  in  time—a  matter  of  by  far  the  greatest  importance  to  them.  As  regarded  the  work  being  well  done,  the  men,  he  observed,  for  the  last  twelve  months,  on  putting  the  ship  into  the  graving  dock,  spun  out  the  oakum  from  the  ship's  side  till  they  got  to  the  lower  part  of  the  bilge,  which  they  ran  over  in  the  last  two  or  three  days  of  the  neaps,  and  thus  the  work  was  not  efficiently  done.  Now  he  thought  by  working  piece  work,  if  there  were  a  good  foreman  to  look  after  the  men,  and  it  was  the  master  foreman's  duty  to  keep  a  sharp  eye  on  them  and  see  that  the  work  was  done  properly—that  what  some  members  feared  would  be  completely  prevented.  They  saw  ships  constantly  coming  from  St.  John's  and  America  that  were  built  on  the  contract  system,  and  they  were  splendidly  finished.  There  was  no  difficulty  in  the  matter.  If  they  looked  sharp  they  would  get  the  work  quite  as  trAl  rinno  oc  Apr  am  limy  if  not  a  littla  }lath,  in  his  opinion.  And  as  the  report  of  the  Committee  in  favour  of  the  system  had  now  come  before  the  Association,  he  hoped  and  trusted  that  they  would  agree  to  it,  and  have  the  matter  carried  out  as  speedily  as  possible.  The  CRAIRMAN:  Does  Mr.  M'Elroy  make  any  objec objection  tion objection  ?  Mr.  MTLICOY  could  not  see  very  clearly  how  they  were  going  to  better  their  condition  to  the  extent  which  Mr.  Jones  thought,  and  as  Mr.  Grayson  had  very  properly  remarked  he  thought  it  would  be  an  inducement  to  the  men  not  to  do  the  work  so  well.  Now  they  had  no  such  inducement.  They  were  paid  for  doing  a  day's  work,  and  it  was  not  their  business,  it  was  nothing  to  them,  nor  had  they  any  advan advantage  tage advantage  in  doing  a  great  quantity.  He.thought  the  great  con consideration  sideration consideration  was,  over  and  above  having  a  great  deal  of  work  done,  to  have  it  well  done,  and  he  thought  the  system  pro proposed  posed proposed  would  be  an  inducement  to  the  men  not  to  do  it  quite  so  well.  The  masters  had  their  own  foremen  to  manage  the  business  now,  as  well  as  under  the  other  system,  and  he  thought  by  the  latter  there  would  be  only  a  greater  difficulty  in  getting  the  work  well  done.  M.  JONES  replied  that  under  the  present  system,  many  of  the  men  spent  a  great  part  of  the  day  in  the  public publichouses,  houses, publichouses,  and  when  they  came  back  they  just  hopped  over  the  job.  Ire  did  not  think  that  the  work  was  as  well  done  as  it  would  be  under  the  other  system,  because  the  men  would  then  look  after  one  another.  When  men  joined  in  a  party  to  work  they  would  compel  each  other  to  attend  to  the  work,  instead  of  being,  as  many  of  them  now  were,  drink-  in  g  and  idling.  Mr.  M'Eutor  said  if  it  would  all  turn  out  as  Mr.  Jones  was  representing.,  he  should  be  very  well  satisfied,  but  he  had  great  doubts.  He  could  not  see  how  the  system  proposed  would  cure  the  drinking.  If  the  men  slopped  over  the  work  now,  why  did  not  the  foreman  look  to  it—and  would  the  foreman  have  more  power  when  piece  work  came  into  ope operation  ration operation  ?  His  impression  was  that  he  would  have  much  less  power.  The  CHAIRMAN:  But  there  is  this  check  over  him  that  ho  cannot  be  paid  until  the  work  is  done.  Mr.  M'Eutor  :  If  all  the  gentlemen  present  are  as  san sanguine  guine sanguine  as  Mr.  Jones,  I  shall  certainly  make  no  objection.  )1y  only  object  is  to  hare  the  work  done,  and  to  have  it  well  done,  The  CHAIRMAN:  Well,  gentlemen,  you  may  draw  the  matter  to  a  very  short  conclusion  now.  Mr.  DAWSON  said  it  was  not  a  new  principle,  but  one  which  had  been  tried  twenty  years  ago,  and  the  work  was  then  better  done.  The  men  tried  to  outvie  each  other  in  doing  the  work  well.  They  went  in  gangs,  as  it  were,  with  a  head  to  each  number  of  men,  and  there  was  full  satisfac satisfaction  tion satisfaction  given,  and  they  did  their  work  in  half  the  usual  time— timeit  it timeit  was  well  done,  and  much  cheaper  than  at  present.  Not Notwithstanding  withstanding Notwithstanding  its  being  cheaper  done,  the  average  of  wages  was  18s.  to  a  guinea  a  day;  but  the  men  worked  extremely  hard.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Well,  I  imagine  the  opinion  of  the  Association  is,  that  it  be  tried.  (Hear.  hear.)  Mr.  DAWSON:  Decidedly.  I  was  conversing  with  one  of  the  greatest  shipowners  in  Liverpool,  and  he  ageed  with  me  that  it  was  the  true  principle.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  The  only  question  seems  to  be  whether  the  work  will  be  done  well  or  not.  Mr.  DAWSON  :  There  can  be  no  doubt  upon  that.  Mr.  LEGG  :  I  am  of  Mr.  Jones's  opinion  that  the  work  will  be  done  more  properly.  The  good  men  will  lOok  after  the  bad.  Mr.  GRAYSON:  But  I  suppose  if  a  shipowner  should  de decidedly  cidedly decidedly  object  to  have  a  ship  repaired  under  that  system,  it  will  not  be  so  universal  that  there  cannot  be  an  excep exception.  tion. exception.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  I  don't  imagine  there  is  any  ship shipowner  owner shipowner  in  the  present  age,  who  would  do  so.  Mr.  JONES  :  But  we  must  have  a  fixed  rate  of  wages,  Mr.  Chairman.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Oh,  your  Committee  must  arrange  that.  If  you  will  allow  me  I  will  read  the  report.  I  had  not  the  document  before.  The  uestion  was,  have  you  any  objec objection  tion objection  to  wo  r  k  pi  ece  work  ?  q STYLE=superscript  The  answer  was,  No  ;  our  Asso Association  ciation Association  recommends  pike  work,  at  prices  to  be  arranged  by  the  masters,  and  submitted  to  our  (the  Shipwrights'  Asso Associaton),  ciaton), Associaton),  and  then  the  Committee  of  both  Associations  to  ar arrange  range arrange  and  agree  upon  them.  Mr.  W.  B.  JONES  moved  that  the  report  be  adopted;  that  a  book  of  prices  be  got  up  and  submitted  to  the  Aisociation,  and  then,  that  a  meeting  take  place  with  delegates  from  the  operatives.  Mr.  MTLROY  :  Would  it  not  be  well  to  have  a  book  of  prices  for  the  men  ?  The  CHAIRMAN:  The  men  recommend  the  masters  to  pre prepare  pare prepare  it.  Mr.  MTLROY  :  Why  not  recommend  them  to  make  it.  They  have  it  ready.  That  we  know,  and  why  not  submit  their  prices  ?  The  CHAIRMAN:  There  was  a  difference  of  opinion  on  that  ;  it  was  supposed  better  to  have  one  list  than  two.  .1  Mr.  W.  B.  JONES  thought  the  book  of  prices  would  look  better  emanating  from  the  masters  than  the  men.  Mr.  DAWSON  :  I'Vhy  not  adopt  the  London  prices,  which  have  been  found  to  work  well  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  They  will  have  to  be  examined  ;  in  some"
