text
"SUPPLEMENT  TO  THE  singular  atrocity,  and  the  victory  of  which  they  boast  would  cover  them  with  disgrace.  The  news  of  the  battle  was  brought  to  Con Constantinople  stantinople Constantinople  on  the  3rd,  by  a  Turkish  steamer  which  escaped;  by  her  report  the  Russians  began  the  attack  by  an  attempt  to  cut  out  the  Turkish  flotilla  with  boats,  but  not  accomplishing  this  operation,  the  brought  they  line  of  battle-ships  to  action.  The  Turkish  vessels  were  unable  to  return  the  fire  with  much  effect,  and  the  Russians  suffered  principally  from  the  fire  of  a  battery  recently  constructed  for  the  protection  of  the  harbour.  The  Russians  terminated  the  engage engagement  ment engagement  by  burning  the  vessels  they  had  not  already  sunk  by  their  fire.  We  may  shortly  expect  to  hear  that  the  English  and  French  fleets  are  taking  their  first  cruise  in  the  Black  Sea,  and  it  remains  to  be  seen  what  notice  the  cabinet  of  St.  Petersburg  will  think  fit  to  take  of  this  demonstration.  There  is  no  ground  in  international  laws  for  any  remon remonstrance  strance remonstrance  Russia  may  think  fit  to  make.  It  has,  however,  been  more  than  once  indirectly  intimated  that  Russia  would  consider  the  entrance  of  foreign  fleets  into  the  Black  Sea  as  a  declaration  of  hos hostilities.  tilities. hostilities.  The  Times  will  be  curious  to  learn  on  what  grounds  she  is  prepared  to  contend  for  such  a  proposition  The  course  which  our  vessels  of  war  may  be  compelled  to  adopt  on  this  course  depenAls  entirely  on  that  of  the  Russian  fleet,  for  it  is  certain  that  .  the  attitude  of  the  mediating  powers  will  be  of  a  strictly  pro protective  tective protective  character';  though  if  any  opposition  should  be  . STYLE=superscript  offered  to  the  progress  of  our  vessels,  they  have  instructions  to  meet  it.  The  Times  has  received  news  which  makes  it  distrust  the  partial  advantages  gained  by  the  Turks  in  Asia.  The  condition  of  the  army  is  by  no  means  favourable,  and  though  it  is  said  that  the  town  of  Akhaltsici  has  fallen,  the  Rus Russians  sians Russians  still  hold  the  castle  of  that  border  'fortress.  Prince  Woronzoff  has  recovered  from  his  illness,  and  while  the  Turkish  reports  describe  the  army  of  Georgia  and  the  Caucusus  to  be  in  a  most  critical  position,  the  Russians  announce  that  the  Russian  general  is  about  to  assume  the  offensive,  and  march  on  Kurs  and  Erzeroum.  The  Turks  have  undoubtedly  taken  some  small  forts,  but  the  rumour  of  their  having  gained  deci decisive  sive decisive  advantages  was  at  least  premature.  It  is  said  there  is  a  want  of  unity  and  authority  in  the  command  of  the  Turkish  forces,  whilst  the  Russian  army  in  Georgia  always  passed  for  a  corps  of  picked  men.  The  conduct  of  the  Persians  is  precisely  what  had  to  be  expected  from  that  perfidious  power;  and  the  circumstance  of  the  march  of  an  army  to  the  frontier,  and  the  suspension  of  an  envoy's  relations  to  the  Shah,  as  reported  at  Constantinople,  will  probably  add  still  further  complications  in  the  politics  of  Asia.  SPAIN—MADRID,  10TH.—The  decree  closing  the  Cortes  read  by  the  president  on  closing  the  session,  made  a  favourable  impression  on  the  public._  PARIS,  WEDNESDAY:—The  funds  declined  con considerably.  siderably. considerably.  Three  per  Cents  closed  at  75f.  15c  ,  and  Four-and  a-Half  per  Cents  at  102.  Printed  and  Published  by.  CHARLES  WILLM  ER,  of  21,  Oxford  Street,  at  his  General  Printing  and  Stationery  Establishment,  19,  South  John  Street,  Liverpool.  •  THURSDAY,  DECEMBER,  15,  1853."
