text
"THZ  COURT-  WINDSOR,  Nov.  4TH.  The  dinner  party  yesterday  included  the  King  of  the  Belgians,  the  Duchess  of  Brabant,  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  the  Duke  of  Brabant,  the  Count  of  Flanders,  the  Duke  of  Newcastle,  the  Belgian  Minister,  tlaJ  Prussian  Minister  and  Madame  Bunsen,  Viscount  Palmerston,  the  Lady-in-  Waiting  to  the  Duchess  of  Brabant,  the  Lady-in-Waiting  to  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  Latly  Frances  Bruce,  Count  Gustave  de  Lannoy,.  Colonel  de  Moerkerk,  Baron  Prisse,  and  Monsieur  Ricken.  THE  SHIP  ,`  CHARLES  CROKER.  the  Police  court,  yesterday,  Captain  Delano  made  application  to  the  Mayor  for  a  warrant  to  arrest  some  of  his  crew,  who  had  refused  to  work  on  board  the  Charles  Croker.  Head-Constable  Mc  Intyre  was  dispatched  to  arrest  the  seamen,  and  before  the  rising  of  the  Court,  brought  up  seven  of  them  before  the  Mayor,  who  committed  them  to  one  month's  imprisonment  each,  with  the  exception  of  Richard  Drew,  who  had  been  com committed  mitted committed  before,  and  who  was  now  ordered  two  mouth's  imprison imprisonment.  ment. imprisonment.  —Belfast  Northern  IP7iiy,  of  Saturday.  THE  GOVERNOR  OF  BERMUDA.  _Captain  _Elliot,  R.N.,  the  Governor  of  Bermuda,  has  received  orders  from  the  Colonial-Office  to  proceed  forthwith  to  Bermuda,  to  resume  his  duties.  Major  Byles,  56th  Regiment,  is  now  Acting  Governor,  having  been  sworn  in,  in  consequence  of  the  alarming  ill illness  ness illness  of  Major  Oakley,  the  senior  military  officer  in  that  corn cornmand,—British  mand,—British cornmand,—British  Army  Despatch,.  SHIPBUILDING  ON  A  LARGE  SCALE.—Mr.  Mare,  the  celebrated  iron  ship-builder,  of  Blackwall,  is  building  a  ship  of  1,500  tons,  for  Colonel  Wooldridge,  to  beat  the  Marco  Polo,  and  to  carry  400  tons  more  cargo.  Mr.  Taylor  is  also  build building  ing building  an  iron  ship,  of  1,300  tons,  at  Grimsby;  Mr.  John  Smith,  of  Sunderland,  a  thirteen  year's  1  2  000_  ton  ship,  of  British  Oak  ;  and  Mr.  Kelly,  a  1,000  ton  ship  at  Dartmouth,  of  the  same  materials—all  for  the  same.  gentleman;  which,  with  the  ,nnage  already  owned  by  him,  will  class  him  amongst  the  rgest  shipowners  of  the  present  day.  ARRIVAL  AT  AUSTRALIA  OF  THE  GOVERNMJNT  RANTS  IN  HER  MAJESTY'S  SHIP  HERCULES.—By  a  letter  from  this  ship,  dated  Melbourne,  August  3rd,  to  hand  this  morning,  we  announce  the  safe  arrival  of  the  Hercules  at  her  destination.  She  was  supposed  lost,  or  to  have  met  with  a  di disaster,  saster, disaster,  no  report  having  been  made  of  her  arrival  at  the  Cape  on  her  passage  out.  She  left  Cork  on  the  14th  of  April,  after  having  been  detained  there  for  three  months  on  account  of  small-pox  and  typhus  fever  breaking  out  among  the  emigrants,  which  resulted  in  her  taking  out'  only  380  out  of  756  emi emigrants,  grants, emigrants,  from  the  Hebrides.  She  made  the  passage  to  the  Cape  in  61  days,  having  had  unusually  calm  weather.  On  first  leav leaving  ing leaving  Cork,  she  had  a  few  cases  of  fever  lingering  in  the  ship,  but  the  general  health  of  the  people  improved  gradually,  and  the  number  of  deaths  amounted  to  fOur  only.—Portsmout.4  Herald."
