text
"a  thtt  Corn  ay.  the,26th  histan  LACED  TO  PEATII.  TOR  Cow  - STYLE=superscript  At:DK  11  T  3  ay  states  that  on  the  11th  A.  letter  from  lia2  Mr.  Dehen:  1  master  of  H.M  Lynx,  was  tried  by  court  martial  f  during  the  attack  on  Kinburn.  HE  's  screw  gun-boat  sentenced  to  be  hanged  was  foun,  During  the  sitting  — STYLE=superscript  of  the  County  Court,  yesterday,  Mr.  Grocott  took  occasion,  on  the  part  of  the'  solicitors  practising  there,  to  convcy  to_his  Honor,  the  judge,  their  happy,  wishes  for  the  New  Year,  and  to  express  their  respect  for  him,  and  their  sense  of  the  manner  in  which  he  conducted  the  business  of  the  court.  His  Honor  declared  his  thankfulness,  re remarking  marking remarking  that  during  the  past  year  over  15,000  cases  had  been  disposed  of,  ,so  that  the  court  could  hardly  be  said  to  have  much  idle  time.  He  added  that  it  gave  him  high  gratification  to  bear  testimony  to  the  character  of  the  pro professional  fessional professional  men  practising  in  that  court,  and  out  of  the  number  who  continually  appeared  before  him,  there  were  rare  exceptions  where  he  had  to  express  any  condemnation  of  a  solicitot's  conduct  as  regarded  a  client,  and  none  what whatever  ever whatever  as  regarded  himself  personally.  CLIFIST3IAS  PLAys.--Although  juvenile  theatrical  per performances,  formances, performances,  o  common  at  schools  at  the  present  season,  disarm  criticism,  yet  there  are  some  that  cannot  be  passed  without  a  notice.  Amongst  the  productions  of  the  present  festive  were  two  performances  by  the  pupils  of  the.  - STYLE=superscript  Catholic  Institute,  Hope-street,  'on  'Wednesday,  and  last  evening,  at  the  pretty  theatre,  Clayton-ball.  The  _  pieces  selected  were  and  . STYLE=superscript  Pa;II  of  the  latter  we  may  at  once  say  it  was  ably  sustained  throughout,  of  Macbeth  we  have  this  to  add  :  If  careful  study,  correct  reading,  excellent  judgment,  and  impesing  action  on  the  part  of  the  several  performers,  constitute  the  ingredients  of  a  good  play,  then  indeed,  except  in  the  truly  professional  good  we  could  not  wish  to  have  witnessed  a  better  generally  enacted  drama.  The  Rev.  Mr.  Nugent,  the  principal  of  the  school,  has  taken  unusual  pains  with  the  young  gentlemen  intrusted  to  his  care,  and  for  the  last  five  years  he  has  bad  performances,  which  have  now  approxi approximated  mated approximated  to  perfection.  It  would  be  invidious  to  particularise  the  name  of  any  young  gentleman—all  performed  their  several  portions  to  perfection,  and  were  applauded  to  the  echo  by  brilliantly  crowed  houses.  Dr.  Scoresby,  so  well  known  as  one  of  the  most  eminent  of  the  Arctic  navigators.  is  now  in  this  town,  having  come  from  his  residence  in  Devonshire  for  the  purpose  of  pre preparing  paring preparing  for  his  voyage  to  Australia.  The  public  a-e  already  aware  that—impelled  by  his  love  for  science,  but  still  more  by  an  ardent  desire  to  render  lasting  service  by  determining  the  magnetic  laws  which  influence  the  action  of  the  compass  in  the  southern  hemisphere,  as  well  as  in  the  voyage  thither  —Dr.  Scoresby  has  been  long  seeking  such  an  opportunity  as  is  now  afforded  by  the  Liverpool  and  Australian  Naviga Navigation  tion Navigation  Company,  who  have  placed  at  his  disposal  an  entire  state-roomin  theßoyal  Charter  for  the  voyage  to  Melbourne.  The  ship-owners  association  Lave  furnished  the  .means  for  his  return,  and  the  admiralty  have  felt  so  ranch  interest  in  the  success  of  his  voyage  that  they  will  supply  him  with  the  best  instruments,  as  well  as  charts,  belonging  to  their  depart department,  ment, department,  to  enable  him  to  make  his  observations.  Dr.  Scoresby  visited  the  Royal  Charter  on  Wednesday,  and  expressed  hiinself  in  the  highest  terms  of  satisfaction  at  having  at  last  met  with  a  ship  in  every  way  adapted  to  his  object.  He  dwelt  particularly  on  the  wooden  masts,  the  situation  of  the  wheel,  and  the  compass  aloft,  independent  of  those  k  corrected  in  the  usual  way.  The  Dr.  having  repre repreto'  to' repreto'  the  company  that  in  order  to  render  his  obsarva obsarva►mplete,  ►mplete, obsarva►mplete,  it  was  most  important  that  he  should  ce  them  at  once,  and  that  for  this  purpoSe  it  s,sary  again  to  swing  the  ship,  mediately  msde  to  '  take  the  fortunately,  however,  the  tides  that  this  ha's  odd  be  to  the  U  e  east  w  rid  the  time  p:  rouht  has  beer  mous  tb  sailinz  is  ocnressed  athern  f  ,  1  00  .  d,  11)2E(?).1  - STYLE=superscript  1  5  . STYLE=superscript  4  i  re,  .23  :i  t,  2  Y&amp;1•h  Midland  Stock,  -6  South  =684  Dovei  WEST  DEEIC  GUARDIANS,  Meeting  on  Wednesday  At  the  previous  meeting,  a  child,  deaf  and  dumb,  had  made  a  complaint  that  she  had  not  received  proper  attention  or  sufficient  food  at  the  Deaf  and  Dumb  In  sti stitution.  tution. stitution.  The  Chairman  and  the  Rev.  Mr.  Moore  were  requested  to  inquire  into  the  subject,  and  they  reported  that  the  institution  were  perfectly  willing  to  have  the  case  inquired  into,  but  they  believed  that  there  was  no  truth  in  the  statements,-  and  the  charges  made  by  the  girl  were  not  substantiated.  LIVERPOOL  CnEwnsTs'  ASSOCIATION.—A  meeting  of  this  society  was  held  last  evening  at  the  Royal  Institution,  the  president,  Mr.  Abraham,  in  the  chair.  Messrs.  Tiernan  and  J.  F.  Smith  were  elected  members.  The  secretary  announced  donations  to  the  museum  of  62  fine  specimens  of  theproducts  of  Price's  patent  candle  company's  manufactures  from  E.'  F.  Wilson,  Esq.,  and  two  specimens  of  manna  from  Messrs.  Raimes  and  Co.  The  thanks  of  the  meeting  were  passed  to  the  donors  for  their  valuable  contributions.  Mr.  Mercer  then  delivered  a  lecture  on  dwelling  more  particularly  on  the  chemistry  of  the  collodion  process,  and  the  decompositions  which  take  place  in  its  different  stages.  The  lecture  was  illustrated  by  a  number  'of  diagrams  and  experiments,  and  at  its  conclusion  a  vote  of  thanks  was  given  to  Mr.  Mercer  for  his  instinctive  lecture.  PIGEON  Eln  - STYLE=superscript  ooTrNa.—Oa  Wednesday  and  yesterday  an  interesting  match'at  pigeon  shooting  came  off  at  Bootle  for  401.,  when  a  number  of  the  cracks  from  all  parts  of  England  contended  for  the  prize,  including  Mr.  Webb,  from  London  ;  Mr.  Thomas,  of  Birmingham  ;  Mr.  Wood,  from  Manchester,  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.  It  was  arranged  that  there  should  be  four  prizes,  viz.,  201.,  81.,  41,  and  31.  The  match  com commenced  menced commenced  shortly  after  noon  on  ednesday,  their  being  40  competitors,  with  seven  birds  each  to  shoot  at.  After  some  excellent  shooting,  the  contest  closed  for  the  day,  the  competitors  having  had  only  two  shots  each.  The  match  was  resumed  yesterday,  when  there  was  again  some  splendid  skill  displayed,  several  of  the  competitors  killing  almost  every  bird  shot  at.  The  first  ties  having  been  gone  through,  it  was  found  that  Young  of  Rochdale,  Mr.  James  Williams  of  Bury,  Mr.  Donald  of  Whitehaven,  and  Mr.  Wood  of  Manchester,  had  each  killed  every  bird,  and  consequently  remained  in  to  contend  amongst  them themselves  selves themselves  for  the  head  prize,  but  after  a  short  consultation  amongst  the  parties,  they  agreed  to  divide  the  whole  amount  of  the  money  equally,  and  the  match  therefore  terminated.  There  was  an  immense  concourse  of  specta spectators  tors spectators  on  the  field  during  both  days,  and  the  matches  excited  much  interest.  The  sports  took  place  in.  Mr.  Musker's  field,  near  Miller's  Bridge.  RUPERT  HOUSE,  EvxxvroN:--On  the_Wednesday  before.  Christmas  day,  the  pupils  of  the  schools  of  this  ment,  assembled  for  their  Christmas  exercises.  The  whole  length  of  the  school  was  laid  open  for  the  pupils  and  the  visitors,  the  clergy,  and  the  examiners.  The  pupils  were'  thoroughly  examined  in  reading  and  parsing  grammar,,  arithmetic,  French,  geography,  history,  and  chronology,  and  answered  in  so  clear,  intelligent,  and  exceedingly  satis satisfactory  factory satisfactory  a  manner  as  to  reflect  credit  on  their  re  li  g  i  ous  instructors  and  themselves.  The  needlework  was  also  carefully  inspected,  in  which  department  the  young  ladies  had  also  acquitted  themselves  in  a  manner  highly'satis highly'satisfactory  factory highly'satisfactory  to  their  parents  and  friends.  The  first  ribbon  was  awarded  to  Miss  J.  Collins  ;  the  second  ribbon  to  Miss  Redmond,  and  the  third,  or  accessit  ribbon,  to  Miss  E.  The  prizes  (being  only  the  little  prizes)  to  ss  Glover,  Miss  Simpson,  and  Miss  B;cker-  iss  Pitts;  iving  their  tit  triedallions  Christ  pus  and  select  audier  's.  were  per pert  t pert  and  satin-...  theatre,  - STYLE=superscript  wit  '-11~C~  W  ~  , STYLE=superscript  ocl  ,and"
