text
"of  the  mentary  on  the  eonsti  ,  which  pour  le  q;-art  cure  is  that  of  Fi-inee  ;  arid  singular  to  relate  IL  rcbillieS  th  Senate,  for,  on  the  one  httnd  glng  in  discussions  on  matters  which  it  I  r  hlit  to  discu,:s  tsot  i•,g  that  it  is  hot  a  (  of  Pci  rte,  or  a  deliberate  body;  and  on  the  oilier  neglecting  to  occupy  itself  with  the  metters  Which  the  Constitinion  declares  fall  within  its  pros  ioce—those  which  concern  the  neutralisation  of  the  people,  the  interests  of  agriculture,  trade;  and  commerce,  and  the  security  of  France.  What  is  the  political  meaning  of  this  article—an  article  emauanating  evidently  from  the  very  highest  authority,  and  even,  it  is  said,  written  by  the  Emperor  himself?  It  would  be  presumption  in.'s  newspaper  correspondent  to  pretend  to  know,  seeing  that  the  matter  is  a  profound  secret  to  the  Senators  themselves;  but  from  what  I  hear,  I  should  not  be  surprised  it  its  object  were  to•  be  this,  the  government  contemplates  the  adoption  of  some  financial  measures  which  will  probably  create  profound  dissatisfation  amongst  the  higher  classes,.  and  which  will,  perhaps,  rather  seriously  affect  their'  pecuniary  interests;  and  it  thinks  that  if  the'  Senate  can  be  made  to  take  the  initiative  in  pro proposing  posing proposing  these  measures,  the  obloquey  then  Will  not  , STYLE=superscript  tali  altogether  on  the  Emperor  personally.  One  . STYLE=superscript  or  two  of  the  expected  measures  have  been  named  to  me;  they  are  of  what  is  called  in  this  country  a  Socialist  character.  One  of  them,  for  instance,  is  (what  was  talked  of  some  time  ago)  a  tax  on  railway  shares.  However,  I  only  give  you  this  version  as  'a  supposition  entertained  by  some'  high  political  personages,  whom  I  have  the'  privilege  of  consulting.  It  may,  or  may  not,  be  true.  A  despatch  from  Vienna  states,  that  Count  de  Staekelberg.  the  Emperor's  private  secretary:hadi  been  sent  off  with  counter-propositions  on  the  part  of  Russia,  and  new  instructions  for  Prince  Gorts— Gortschakoil;  chakoil; Gortschakoil;  but  that  at  Vienna  scarcely  any  hopes  of  peace  are  entertained  lam  told  that  the  precise•  text  of  the  counter-propositions  are  already'  in  the  hands  of  the  French  government,.  and  that  they  are  considered  perfectly  tisfactory.  Indeed,  it  is  said  terms  in  which  the  assembling  of  the  Collin  tZT  •  War  is  announced  in  the  Moniteur  are  m  sort  ut  reply  to  those  counter  firopositim  eating  to  Europe  that  they  will  be  rejectel  The  text  of  the  circular  of  the  Swedish  went  to  its  (I  .  lplowatie  agents  annottm  conclusion  of  the  recent  treaty  with  El  France,  has  come  to  hand  to  tiny.  •  The  of  its  tone  to  Russia  is  much  re--  ,marked,  great  importance  is  attached  to  its  cunt  that  Sweden  and  Norwa  maintain  neutrality  so  long  as  Russia  strait  teclaration  im  at  aeldug  her;  t  lechtraiiou  is  itt  t  Irrud  ai  Made  pro  forma  VT  whoa  letters  assert  that  the  precise  o  Prussiaa  Cuiuuel  Alititteutt.l's  tilts  Vienna  is  LO  ascertain  if  Bosnia  will  s  and  the  eve►►t  of  her  being  au  the  Baltic,  or  on  the  Rhine  !  The  Austrrti,  cannot.,  ovsing  to  the  treaties  wb:  leer  to  England  and  Frunee,  be  ulltllll  ret  usa  The  monthly  return  of  the  Bank  of  Franc(  beeu  published  to-day.  Compared  . STYLE=superscript  with  di  itt,L  rilutit.ll,  the  spl-tne  in  hand  has  fallen  f  218.500,0u0f.  to  109,500  0001;  but  the  disc:  latiou  has  i  , STYLE=superscript  ,creased  frotn  417,500,0(  11,1,  )U()  ;  the  advaliees  on  railway  sha  e'•  seem.  ties  hay  fallen  from  97,00  ,  and  the  note  111  Cirt.  to  608,000,00  the  I  of  S  a•  g  news  was  regarded  as  ver'  ivouratde  indeed  ou  the  Bourse,  and  nooe  . STYLE=superscript  Z  arty  quarter  calculated  to  ditninish  tr  graviry.  A  heavy  decline  in  the  rentrs,  aid!'  all  securities  was,  as  you  will  have  already  learned  by  telegraph,  the  consequence•  It  tile  prueeedi  ne  iu  troll  The  following  appeared  in  our  Extra  Edition.  of  Saturday  :  RUSSIA.  ST.  PETERSBURG,  JAN.  3.  The  great  council  of  war  is  concluded,  and  from  what  has  transpired  on  the  subject  it  appears  that  the  Russiats  tactics  for  the  approaching  campaign  have  undergone,  some  important  modifications.  Various  orders  sent  off  from  head  quarters  would  seem  to  indicate  the  resolution  to  abandon  the  Crimea  altogether,  for  a  part  of  the  troops  are  ordered  to  march  for  the  Caucasus  to  reinforce  the  corps  of  Geoeral-  Mouraviefi,  whilst  others  have  orders  to  join  the  grand  army  of  the  centre,  un  ler  General  Panitiune.  THE  ILL  I  IC.  KIEL,  JANUARY  8.  : STYLE=superscript  We  still  have  open  water,  and  there  is  no  interruption  to  the  activity  which,  for  the  last  ten  days,  has  so  universally  prevailed  between  the  lower  ports  of  the  Baltic  and  those  of  Russia,  which,  notwithst:inding  the.  winter,  are  still  accessible  to  trading  vessels  u  nder  canvas,  although  it  is  long  since  the  weather  in  those  regions  has  become  too  boisterous  or  too  severe  for  the  war-steamers  of  England  ;  and  it  is  to  be  hopei  that  those  English  merchant  vessels,  which  their  owners  a  nd  charterers  have  still  ventured  to  despatch  to  Memel  , STYLE=superscript  '  licenigsburg,  and  other  Prussian  deposits  of  Russian  produce,  may  nut  fall  a  prey  to  some  of  the  cruizt•rs  the  Czar,  while  the  protection  they  had  a  right  to  expect  from  the  British  navy  has  been  so  prematurely  drawn.  THE  REVOLUTION  IN  MONTE  VIDEO.  A  revolution  broke  out  in  Monte  Video  on  the  November,  and  for  four  days  that  city  was  the  see  a  fratricidal  war.  Between  011  and  100  persons  were  killed,  and  a  t  lager  numbtr  wounded.  On  the  28th,  the  city  was  declared  by  the  graver  he  in  ;s  state  of  siege.  29th,  order  was  restored,  and  dos  Nunez  with  123  of  the  revolntion,►ry  p  , STYLE=superscript  rty  einha  Buenos  Ayres,  in  the  steamer  Constitution,  ia  with  the  express  wishes  of  the  diplomatic  agents  2  .  _  .•  a  On  the  in  Monte  Video.  The  subjects  of  Foreign  States  maintained  neutrality.  SALT  OF  GR,YHOUNE  )ISto  BELONOING  TO  THE  LAT  TITE  RUG  ELEY  CASES.  V.ZEDICT  OF  WILFUL  M  OUR  OWN  REPORTER  The  adjourned  inati  'Vas  resumed  to  rim  vt  croxviled  de  of  Ann  he  to  o  k  Dr.  TA  .  (run)  b.  rum  1)  Nhole  of  the  si  m  r  in  the  same  s  rofessor  Taylor,  of  (  Collea  trire  e  of  ttem  were  label  _  -  received  six  j  1  the  1  Palmer  aehls  were  unhrol  tion  Wi  first  ev!  etmts  Were  firm  Sftcen  months  hn  I  locked  well  prese  1  In  ja  kir  NI  d.  confider  Palme  each  ;  on  th  ---....  ~a  „  elapsed  since  d  on  its  coin  greater  end  an  d  outside  titer,  greater  streak,  which,  when  examined  wits,  Ing  glass,  presented  the  appearance  of  mineral  mater,  it  was  such  an  appearance  as  I  have  never  seen  within  Twenty.  five  year;  except  when  th  ere  was  mineral  po•son  in  the  stamach  ;  we  opened,  th  e  stomach,  and  found  I'neither  liquid  nor  solid  contents,  but  a  thin  pasty  ,01iing  substan  ce  o  f  a  b  rownish  co'our  spread  over  the  lining  membrane;  the  full  quantity  of  this  amounted  about  half  a  teasinonful  ;  the  lining  brute  presented  slight  patches  of  rednes  s  'n'fac  e  was  examined  by  a  magnifying  •ite  f  ree  from  perforation,  ulceration,  or  any  organic;  •  ase.  The  small  intestines  were  next  examined  •v  were  empty,  but  covered  on  the  inside  in  parts  with  it  brownish  substance.  The  large  intestines  were  examined.  There  was  a  fetid  matter;  the  inner  ee  of  the  rectum  or  lower  bowels  was  coloured  with  en  orange  -red  coloured  substance  :.  --  -id  examining  the  lower  bowel,  `  , STYLE=superscript  nee  of.  disea  se;  S  the  intestin  es  were,  comparatively  ;•Aking,  well  p  reserved,  like  the  stomach.  On  e  o  f  t  h  e  kl`ltn-ys  examined,  which  was  enclosed  in  one  of  the  jars,  was  cut  ripen,  and  fottod  to  be  perfectly  healthy  We  thin  examined  tae;  j  'ar  N.  3,  containing  the  liver,  lungs,  eart,nd  s;pleeta;  they  had  undergone  some  changes  ten.  P  ul STYLE=superscript  refaetion,  but  were  in  a  healthy  condition.  The  l  bk.dicler.was  especially  examined,  and  it  contained  ,  1401 STYLE=superscript  .1..  c  the  usual  quantity  of  gall  found  in  the  dead;  that  IVile.  Was  thickened,  owing  to  tre  long  interment,  to  the  tonsistency  of  a  brown  paste  ;  the  cavities  of  the  heat  'Were  empty,  all  the  valves  were  free  from  putrefaction,  `firm,  and  healthy  ;  the  lungs  and  spleen  were  softened,  •owin  g  to  pu'refaction,  but  perfeet:y  free  from  disease,  as  fir  as  we  could  jtpige.  We  then  proceeded  to  make  An  analysis  of  the  different  parts.  Tee  first  we  took  was  larown  pasty  matter  found  on  the  surface  of  the  stomach.  in  these  contents,  about  half  a  tea  spoonful,  we  found  a  large  proportion  of  a  preparation  of  antimony  ;  we  also  fuunil  a  minute  proportion  of  arsenic,  but  as  arsenic  was  not  found  deposited  in  ape  of  the  viscera,  and  is  occa occasion  sion occasion  fly  an  impurity  in  ordinary  tartar  emetic,  we  con consider  sider consider  that  arsenic  in  this.  case  was  o.ving  to  such  impurity  and  not  to  its  having  been  ad  - STYLE=superscript  w  mini  e  d  ;  r  Poisons  were  simoh  t  f  or,  but  there  were  nteorne  ;ot  thhee  second  analysis  was  dire  , STYLE=superscript  ctei  to  th.t  coats  of  the  stomach,  and  they  yielded  antimony.  Thirdly,  the  large  and  small  intestine,  were  examined,  and  fou  n  d  . STYLE=superscript  to  contiin  antimony  in  all  parts.  Fourthly,  vie  orang  e  red  deposit  fonnd  on  the  surface  of  the  reeturn,  was  removed,  separately  examined  :  antimony  wa  s  ro  un  d  i  n  •'  larger  proportioo  s  than  in  any  other  zed  colour  of  this  mateti..)  portion  of  1  .  1  .  111  p  h  uret  ,  ns  fl  contAi  Imony  was  a  yellowish  nagni  ry-  mem—  Its  glass?  it  was  ,  on  removing  this  s,  there  h  had  wag  no  arpear  ;  the  1  from  th  w,  pill  of  the  shron•i,.  tad  it  yicl,l  •,1  no  trace  nerid  listanPe  ail  of  the  bnwel;  he  C  ironpr  rl  given  of  he  s  zave  my  evidence  tention  Coroner  pi,  I,l'l  nt  arla!v  y,  Slil  len  anti  in  leHrinc;  heard  th.  r  with  P  I  Am:ix  last  nimht  19'h  of  January,  ring  Ii  Ind  in  I  w►th  i  Lotition,  HT  )r  y  promise  from  him  'hat  i  yen  hi  , STYLE=superscript  t  appear  In  b.:tt  envoy  or  t  h  it  after  Henry  I,V  stated  by  whose  I  flay  that  if  evi-  adm{nister  Mn  n  accord  denial  of  jlstice  so  by  ant  icmatio  and  expUti  not  be  -nr  (jlldieed  uld  have  :t1  ag  faith  on  . STYLE=superscript  the  part  of  the  t  , STYLE=superscript  )  return  t  cr.o  to  co  venom  I  gave  it,  that  on  lw  it  to  be  poblished  until  after  I  and  he  receive:!  it  from  me  after  '  *  1-t  appear  unless  I  his  conduct  in  publishing  r  by  her  1  to  b  Nno  we  .  ',  exam  .  .  POISONING-  ng STYLE=superscript  by  antimony  was  not  generally  attended  by  con— conhave  have conhave  heard  outside  the  court,  but  that  the  evidende  alone  which  had  been  given  would  guide  them  in  their  decision.  Be  then  went  over  the  main  points  in  the  evidence,  and  generally  directed  the  jury  as  to  their  duties.  The  jury  retired  for  about  twenty  minutes,  and  on  t  returriug  into  court,  they  found  the  following  verdict  :  find  that  the  deceased,  Ann  Palmer,  died  from  the  of  tartarised  antimony,  which_  was  designedly  Tipl  Coroner:  Thai,gentlemen,  is  a  verdict  of  \Ufa  The  court  then  adjourned  at  seven  o'clock,  an  I  on  Monday  morni.,z  the  iuq  lest  on  the  body  of  W4lttr  Palmer  will  THE  LATEST  PARTICULARS  IJGELEY,  SUNDAY.  The•  verdict  of  wilful  murder  found  by  the  coroner's  itiry  in  the  'eAse  of  William  Palmer,  for  poisoning  his  wife  With  what  seem  4  to  be  the  T  1  this  neighbourhood.  Prom  the  evidence  clay  an  imp7ession  certainly  prevailed  thai  nd  it  appeared  that  the  hosti!e  expe  tathmq  of  the  inh3hi  , STYLE=superscript  ants  were  not  likely  to  be  rea'ized  Had  this  been  so  it  is  q  site  clear,  from  a  alight  acqaan-  [tit  the  people  of  R•igeley,  Sr:iflnd,  and  the  neigh-  bourhood,  that  a  verdict  of  anything  short  of  murde  wou'd  hate  been  regarded  by  them  as  tantamount  to  a  my  are  they  persuaded  of  Palmer';  guilt  in  reference  to  the  fearful  catalogue  of  crimes  wit  e)arged.  The  mo  ent,  however,  a  iat  Pro  I  fessor  Taylor  had  given  is  conclusive  evidence  yesterday  antimony  in  the  deceased  ie  immense  quantity  of  a  as  to  the  result  of  the  NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  MONDAY,  JANUARY  14,  185  g.  of  ritabeth  Tharme,  the  servant  trirl,  and  appeared  foe  •  the  first  time  affeCted  at  hiS  situation.  Tie  then  bid  her  debt,  and  was  in  the  eustody  of  the  officers  of  the  sheriff  before  the  finding'  of  the  coroner's  jury.  After  his  arrek,  Palmer  rave  Eliza  Tharine  a  £5O  note,  whi-h  B:tes  found  in  the  drawer  of  the  dressing-glass,  and  told  her  to  say  it  was  in  payMent  of  her  wages,  if  anything  was  said  to  her  on  the  subject.  I.te  Lora  (1  inort  th,  C  ph  in  II  i  t  ton).  but  If  Not  t  Pal  Mhr  Sirlerp(l  hiq  deaff  or  the  to  unriti  lan  (Oh(  iflo  ha  10.  0  D  in  ii  on~mi»tit  I  that  he  eon.  of,  soma  swir  500.  4100  distance  of  why  being  I  saw  him  six  or  seven  hours  before.  Tto  s  nt  in  the  lays  we  3.  t  the  la.  boiv  alkin  , STYLE=superscript  l,  q  the  c  Innlrontly  m,  sir,  dour's  111  P  halls  it  ttnil  t  g,  and  shutter,  lndg  Jan.  11  d  fa  iti  r  re  kill  TI  E.  RIVER  PLATE.  (mom  A  CORRESPONDENT.)  MONTE  VIDEO,  28th  Nov  You  will  perhaps  wonder  what  I  am  doing  com commencing  mencing commencing  a  letter  eight  days  before  the  packet's  Railing;  and  you  would  wonder  still  more  were  I  •  ••11  you  that  I  am  writing  it  amidst  musket  and  which  are  whizzing  overin  the  last  three  days  v  every  e  been  i  1w  a  wine  merchant  in  the  town  the  midst  of  a  :44y  bloody  revolution,  °Or  oh  rmed  him  that  he  had  seen  friend  Orihe  havino.  enterPd  the  town  at-the  hen  others  1,000,  trIO  d  ()V  tiz  s  (our  late  president)  P  I,IS2CPQC;rirI  of  the  1  prnotie  sPerfnci  nV  ter(IHV,  we  had  ;Ia  11  the  ietian  blind  room  window  (riot  five"
