text
"by  the  Vice  6stler,  and  ightful  evening,  1  by  a  tender:  to  the  landing  stage,  Morrish  was  duly  acknowledged  I'HE  RUGELEY  POISONING  CASES.  LATEST  PARTICULARS  THE  INTENDED  DEFENCE  (nom  OUR  OWN  IRTER.)  We  understand  that  the  reason  why  the  body  of  Mr.  John  Parsons  Cook  w  re-ex  hum  morning  was  in  consequence  of  an  expkiment  having  been  made  on  a  cit.  Strychnine,  we  believe,  was  administered  to  the  animal,  and  the  iult  was  its  deat  A.  subset'  ueut  ex-  amination  disclosed  the  existence  of  strychnine  in  the  spinal  marrow,  and  it  was  then  resolved  to  re-exhume  the  body  of  the  late  Mr.  Cook,  in  order  to  ascertain  if  strych strychnine  nine strychnine  was  deposited  in  this  portion  of  his  body.  The  sur surgeon  geon surgeon  named  by  Mr.  George  Palmer,  on  behalf  of  hie  brother,  was  expected  to  be  present  on  Saturday,  and  the  result  of  the  examination  will,  it  is  expected,  be  made  known  at  the  trial.  From  all  we  can  gather,  the  defence  is  intended  to  be  a  powerful  one.  Mr.  Sergeant  Wilkins.  Mr.  Keneally,  and  two  other  juniors  have  been  retained.  As  regards  the  case  of  Mr.  Cook,  we  learn  that  there  will  be  an  absolute  denial  of  the  charge.  With  reference  to  that  of  Mrs.  William  Palmer,  there►  will  al  -- STYLE=superscript  -  •  -  ld  that  as  regards  the  supposed  y  her  life,  viz.,the  desire  to  recover  ,  for  which  her  life  was  insured  by byeto  eto byeto  e  that  Palmer  g  uuly  wisn  w  as  t  o  insure  mpte STYLE=superscript  he  d STYLE=superscript  r  life  b STYLE=superscript  for  shown STYLE=superscript  5,0001.,  and  that  he  made  the  proposal  two  months  before  her  last  accouchement,  in  consequence  of  danger  having  been  attendant  upon  her  two  previous  confinements,  and  also  in  dread  of  an.  opinion  from  medical  men  that  death  might  probably  ensue  on  the  third;  that  he  further  took)  this  precaution  in  consequence  of  Col.  Brooke's  heir  at  law  having  threatened  an  action  to  recover  possession  of  Mrs.  Palmer's  property;  and,  lastly,  that  he  made  all  the  proposals  at  the  same  time,  intending  only  to  insure  for  50001,  but  did  not  wish  to  have  to  admit  that  his  wife's  life  had  been  refused,  and,  therefore,  made  the  several  proposals  at  the  same  time,  thinking  that  some  of  them  would  be  accepted  ;  that,  ultimately,  three  of  them  were  accepted,  and  that  he  then  completed  the  three  after  cal— calculating  culating calculating  his  risk  in  the  event  of  his  wife's  death,  coupled  with  the  threat  of  Col.  Brooke's  heir  at  law.  ••••.,  IMO  •.•  As  regards  Walter  Palmer's  case,  we  learn  that  it  will  be  attempted  to  &lt;be  established  that  the  deceased  had:  had  considerable  advances  from  his  mother,  prejudicial  to  the  other  members  of  the  family,  and  that  the  insurance  upon  his_  life  was  effected  solely  with  the  view  of  protecting  the  interests  of  his  brothers  and  sisters.  We  also  learn  that  the  proposal  upon  the  life  of  George  Bate  will  be  explained,  upon  the  ground  that  he  wished  to  take  a  brewery,  in  the  negociations  for  which  Palmer  was  assisting  him  ;  that  .5,000/.  was  the  amount  required,  and  that  that  sum  could  not  be  raised  except  upon  the  collateral  security  of  a  policy  of  insur insurance  ance insurance  for  25,0001.  STATEMENT  OF  WILLIAM  PALMER.  It  will  be  observed  that  in  the  late  inquest  on  Walter  Palmer,  Mr.  J.  Smith,  of  Bi  rm  i  ng  h  am,  the  prisoner's  soli solicitor,  citor, solicitor,  made  strong  assertions  against  Mr.  Whyman,  the  assistant  to  Messrs.  Mander  &amp;  Weaver.  druggists,  of  Wolverhampton,  who  deposed  to  serving  William  Palmer  with  two  ounces  of  prussic  acid  on  Tuesday,  the  day  of  Wolverhampton  races,  previous  to  the  Thursday  on  which  Walter  Palmer  died  suddenl7.  Upon  the  evidence  of  this  witness  the  verdict  of  the  jury  appears  to  have  for  the  most  part  rested,  the  medical  witnesses  going  no  farther  than  to  suggest  th  a  t  t  h  e  symptoms  of  death,  although  similar  to  .  those  of  apopl  exy,  m  i  ght  have  been  occasioned  by  prussT  acid.  Willi  am  Palmer,  in  giving  instructions  to  his  solicitor  on  this  point,  says  as  follows  in  writing  :  1  will  swear  mo  s  t  so  l  emnly  and  sacredly  that  I  never  was  i  n  a  druggist's  shop  in  Wolverhampton  in  my  life,  and  that  I  do  not  even  know  where  Mander  &amp;  Weaver's  shon  is.  him  what  time  of  the  day  (he  says)  he  sold  me  the  acid.  On  Monday,  Wolverhampton  race  day,  I  went  with  Mr.  Dyke  in  a  fly  of  Southern's  from  Rugeley.  Tuesday  I  left  the  Stafford  station  at  12—(Whyman  says  it  was  a  quarter  -past  12—and  persists  in  it—that  Palmer  was  in  Messrs.  Brander  &amp;  Weaver's  shop,  at  Wolverhampton,  20  miles  distant)—with  Mr.  Painter,  went  to  the  Talbot  with  Mr.  Painter.  from  thence  to  the  Swan,  then  on  with  Mr.  Dyke  in  a  by  from  the  Swan  to  the  course  ;  from  the  course  with  Mr.  Dyke,  in  the  same  fly  back  to  the  Swan,  and  straight  off  - STYLE=superscript  ho  me  i  n  my  gig,  which  Mr.  Dyke  drove  from  Rugeley  in  the  morning.''  As  the  several  persons  implicated  corroborate  this  statement,  the  friends  of  Palmer  assert  with  confidence  that  Whyman  must  either  have  mistaken  some  other  havin  g  per permade  made permade  the  statement  boast boast'(as  '(as boast'(as  it  is  ca  ll  e  d)  when  driven  i  s  n  o  g  n  iy,  for  rhPalmer,  hasos  trutchkat STYLE=superscript  to  it  into  a  corner,  and  so  committed  perjury.  They  assert  that  it  can  be  incontestibly  proved  that  Palmer  could  not  have  been  at  Messrs.  Mender  and  Weaver's,  in  Wolver  •  hampton,  at  the  ti  me  stated,  or  within  several  hours  after afterwards.  wards. afterwards.  The  manner  of  William  Palmer  exercises  its  influences  even  under  present  circumstances.  On  Wednesday  last,  at  Walsall  sessions,  one  of  the  head  turnkeys  of  Stafford  Jail  (who  is  a  keen  observer  and  a  most  trust-worthy  roan,  having  held  his  position  50  years),  said,  he  never  before  knew  a  prisoner  who  impressed  every  one  in  the  jail  with  a  more  favourable  impression,  or  with  a  greater  appear appearance  ance appearance  of  beirg  innocent  of  the  charges  brought  against  him,  than"
