text
"NORTHERN  TIMES.-LIVERPOOL,  THURSDAY,  JANUARY  17,  185  g.  LIVERPOOL  GRAND  POULTRY  SHOW.  -...__.  The  third  annual  grand  eihibition  of  poultry  was  opened  yesterday,  at  Messrs.  Lucas'.  Great  Charlotte-street,  and  will  be  continued  this  day  and  to-morrow.  The  managing  committee  of  the  exhibition  are—Gilbert  W.  Moss,  Laurence  Peel,  Jonathan  Williamson,  and  Henry  Worrell,  Esqrs.,  and  W.  C.  Worrall,  Esq.,  hon.  sec.  in  point  of  the  quantity  of  poultry  exhibited,  we  believe  it  is  inferior  to  last  year's  show,  but,  at  the  same  time,  we  are  informed  that  the  quality  of  the  feathered  tribe,  in  the  estimation  of  the  best  judges,  has  not  at  all  fallen  off,  but  increased  con considerably.  siderably. considerably.  The  attendance  of  visitors  yesterday  was  select  and  respectable,  but  riot  so  numerous  as  last  year.  There  was,  however,  no  lack  of  general  interest  manifested  in  the  whole  affair.  There  were  showtiupwards  of  1200  fowls  of  all  geese;  half  a  dozen  turkeys,  and  sorts;  about  nine  or  ten  some  five  doien  ducks,  and  these  constituted  the  entire—by  no  means  a  small  Collection.  The  majority  of  the  poultry  Was  excellent,  and  great  care  seemed  to  have  been  besto*ed  on  the  different  breeds  to  make  them  as  perfect  as  possibl3.  The  romantic  price  set  down  for  many  of  the  birds—such,  for  instance,  as  £lOOO  —argued  two  things  :  the  person  expecting  such  a  sum  must  be  rather  sanguine,  or  he  must  expect  to  meet  with  a  party  more  sanguine  to  give  it.  We  cannot  help  offering  this  observation,  although  we  believe  the  figure  is  merely  a  polite  intimation  that  the  birds  were  not  for  sale,  yet  there  are  persons  who  credit  the  Spanish,  Cochin-China's,  and  Dorkings,  were  in  the  ascendant,  and  some  of  the  finest  specimens  imaginable  were  on  show.  The  plumage  of  all  the  birds  was  exquisitely  beautiful,  particularly  amongst  the  game  specimens,  golden  and  silver  pencilled,  and  spangled  Hamburgs,  which  attracted  great  attention.  There  were  some  excellent  specimens  of  Polish,  black  and  white  crested,  and  silver,  which,  besides  being  handsome,  were  much  admired  for  their  usefulness.  We  must  not  forget  the  tiny  and  beautiful  bantams,  which  were  rich  and  rare  in  all  respects.  On  the  whole,  the  show  may  be  counted  a  successful  one,  and  such  as  the  most  ardent  admirers  of  all  sorts  of  domestic  fowls  could  desire.  The  following  is  a  list  of  tho  PRIZES:-  CLASS  1.-SPANISH,  (For  the  best  Cock  and  two  Hens  exceeding  one  year  old.)  Cup  and  First  Prize.  4.  Mr.  H.  D.  Davies,  Spring  Grove  House,  Hounslow,  near  London.  Price  £lOO.  Second  Prize.  3.  Mr.  H.  D.  Davies,  Spring  Grove  House,  Hounslow,  near  London.  Price  £lOO.  Highly  Commended.  11.  Mr.  William  Plummer,  Brislington,  near  Bristol.  Age  22  months.  Price  £l5  15s.  Commended.  7.  Mr.  Joseph  Hindson,  Barton  House,  Everton,  Liverpool.  Age  18  months.  Price  £lB  18s.  Commended.  9,  Mr.  Joseph  Tate,  Syke  Hill,  Preston.  Aged  about  18  months.  Price  £2O.  A  good  Claes."
