text
"RUSSIA  AND  TURKEY.  PROGRESS  OF  THE  WAR.  (From  our  Second  Edition  of  Saturday.)  PARIS,  FRIDAY  EVENING  The  heavy  rains  which  have  deluged  the  lower  portions  of  Wallachia,  rendering  military  opera operations  tions operations  impracticable,  decided  the  Turkish  comman commander  der commander  to  postpone  the  expedition  against  Bucharest.  Orders  were  therefore  given  to  stop  the  move movement  ment movement  of  the  Ottoman  forces,  and  those  which  were  at  Oltenitza  recrossed  the  Danube  in  the  greatest  order,  and  without  being  disturbed  by  the  enemy.  Gortschalioff  had  concentrated  his  forces  oppo opposite  site opposite  Oltenitza.  The  Paris  paper  Patrie  The  Turks  were  retarded  in  their  advance  by  the  inundation  of  the  Danube.  They  destroyed  the  quarantine  building  and  works  at  Oltenitza.  Despatch  from.  Gortschakoff,  and  accounts  re  ceived  by  the  Austrian  government,  confirm  these  reports  of  the  withdrawal  of  the  Turks  ;  in  the  latter  it  is  added  - STYLE=superscript  that  the  Turks  had  also  retired  from  their  position  at  Kararassalz  and  opposite  Giur Giurgevo.  gevo. Giurgevo.  The  Times  contains  Constantinople  accounts  of  thesth,  stating  that  the  news  of  the  success  of  the  Turkish  troops  in  Asia  is  confirmed.  The  son  of  Prince  Gouriel  and  Colonel  Clote,  are  among  the  prisoners  sent  to  Constantinople.  A  portion  of  the  English  and  French  fleets  was  stationed  close  to  the  entrance  into  the  Black  Sea.  The  Porte  has  refused  to  grant  authority  for  the  exercise  of  his  functions  to  the  Consul-general  appointed  by  Austria  for  the  Danubian  Principali Principalities.  ties. Principalities.  ST.  PETERSBURGH  Letters  report  further  unfavourable  movements  in  exchange,  consequent  upon  the  quotations  from  Odessa,  which  will  cause  a  considerable  amount  of  imperial  to  be  sent  from  this  country.  A  parcel  from  the  Bank  was  despatched  on  Friday,  via  Hamburgh,  and  further  sums  will  follow.  LATEST  PARTICULARS.  PARIS,  FRIDAY  EVENING.—The  Patrie  announces  that  the  Turks,  being  retarded  in  their  advance  on  Bucharest  by  the  inundation  of  the  Danube,  have  decided  on  arresting  their  onward  movement.  After  having  destroyed  the  quarantine  building  and  the  works  at  Oltenitza,  they  have  repassed  the  Danube  without  being  molested  by  the  enemy.  The  Turks  successfully  withstood  the  violent  attack  made  on  their  position  at  Oltenitza,  on  the  11th,  by  the  Russians.  The  Turks  are  firm  in  the  island  opposite  Giurgevo.  VIENNA,  THURSDAY.—The  Austrian  Correspondenz  says,  On  the  13th,  the  Turks  blew  up  their  works  at  Oltenitza,  and  retired  to  Bulgaria.'  It  is  officially  declared  that  the  corps  of  observa observation  tion observation  which  is  to  be  concentrated  at  Temesvar  is  for  the  purpose  of  securing  the  Austrian  frontier  as  well  as  to  maintain  the  principle  of  neutrality,  VIENNA,  FRIDAY  EVENING  —The  Turks  still  occupy  the  islands  opposite  Giurgevo  and  Oltenitza.  The  Russians  are  firm  in  Krajova.  VIENNA,  Nov.  17.—The  Russian  Minister  at  Vienna  has  received  the  following  telegraphic  mes message  sage message  from  Prince  Gortschakoff,  dated  Bucharest,  the  13th  instant  :  the  moment  when  measures  were  about  to  be  executed  against  the  establishment  of  the  Turks  on  the  left  bank  of  the  river,  opposite  Turtukai,  they  evacuated  their  position  and  retired  to  the  right  bank,  keeping  possession  only  of  an  island  which  lies  between  the  two  The  despatches  received  by  the  Austrian  go government  vernment government  confirm  the  above,  adding  that  the  Turks  had  retired  from  their  position  at  Kara Karasalz,  salz, Karasalz,  and  from  that  which  they  occupied  opposite  Giurgevo.  General  Osten-Sacken's  advanced  guard  had  passed  the  Pruth,  and  he  was  expected  at  Bucharest  on  the  20th.  CONSTANTINOPLE,  Nov.  s.—The  new  of  the  suc suctcheesslaosfttdheespTauterhkiessh.  tcheesslaosfttdheespTauterhkiessh. suctcheesslaosfttdheespTauterhkiessh.  tioop:  t  !r.  i  t  is  confirm  4 STYLE=superscript  11  rec  ,„  lo  „  Leu  by  A• STYLE=superscript  a  d STYLE=superscript  battalion  of  the  Guards,  P STYLE=superscript  s  attacked:  on  the  28th  of  October  the  Russian  fort  of  Shefkatil.  After  an  obstinate  defence  on  the  part  of  the  garrison,  the  Turks  carried  the  fort,  in  which  they  found  2,000  muskets  and  four  pieces  of  artil artillery.  lery. artillery.  The  son  of  Prince  George  Gouriel  and  Colonel  Klott  are  among  the  prisoners,  and  have  been  sent  to  Constantinople.  The  British  vessels  Vengeance  and  Albion,  and  the  French  vessels  Jupiter  and  Henri  IV..  and  eight  steam-frigates,  are  at  13entos,  close  to  the  en entrance  trance entrance  into  the  Black  Sea  The  Ottoman  naval  division  which  is  to  cruise  in  those  waters  consist  of  four  frigates,  two  steamers,  three  corvettes,  and  two  brigs.  The  vessel  Mudjeddetie  and  two  fri frigates  gates frigates  have  lately  joined  the  squadron.  The  Porte  has  refused  to  grant  the  exequatur  to  the  consul-general  appointed  by  Austria  for  the  Danubian  Principalities.  260  vessels  loaded  with  corn  passed  by  Constan Constantinople  tinople Constantinople  in  the  period  from  the  18th  of  October  to  the  Ist  of  November.  They  came  from  the  Black  Sea.  The  Oest.  Correspondenz  of  the  14th  contains  the  following  telegraphic  despatch  of  the  9th,  from  Bu Bucharest  charest Bucharest  For  some  hours  the  booming  of  artil artillery  lery artillery  has  been  heard,  but  it  is  uncertain  whether  it  comes  from  Oltenitza  or  Giurgevo.  All  the  Rus Russian  sian Russian  pontoons  have  been  forwarded  from  Colen Colentira  tira Colentira  to  Giurgevo.  The  Russians,  to  the  number  of  seven  or  eight  thousand  men,  are  posted  on  a  rising  ground  at  Trateslhti  (this  should  be  Frs.-  tesc  hi),  a  place  at  about  two  hours  distant  (nine  English  miles)  from  Giurgevo.  On  the  9th  the  Russian  head-quarters  were  at  Budeschti,  a  place  four  hours  distant  from  Bucharest.  (The  place  in  question  is  four  hours  distant  from  Oltenitza  and  six  from  Bucharest.)  At  Oltenitza  the  Turks  have  about  17,000  regular  infantry,  3,600  irregular  troops,  and  4,000  artillerymen.  It  is  believed  that  General  Prim  commands  this  corps  until  the  arrival  of  the  Hungarian  revolutionary  leader  Klapka,  who  is  said  to  be  expected.  We  have  further  credible  advices  that  General  Soimon Soimonoff,  off, Soimonoff,  on  the  9th,  dislodged  the  Turks  from  the  island  near  Giurgevo,  of  which  they  were  in  possession  on  the  Bth.  The  Turkish  corps  at  Kalafat,  which  is  24,000  strong,  is  commanded  by  Ismail  Pasha.  The  Russians  have  35,000  men  at  Budeschti.  Gen.  Budberg  is  expected  at  Commenting  on  this  intelligence,  the  Vienna  cor correspondent  respondent correspondent  of  the  Times  remarks  This  despatch  bears  an  official  stamp,  and  that  part  of  it  which  refers  to  the  expulsion  of  the  Turks  from  the  island  near  Giurgevo,  would  have  been  telegraphed  last  night,  had  not  a  hint  been  given  me  that  later  and  contradictory  news  had  been  Credible  information  was  acquired  this  morning,  and  you  will  learn  by  my  telegraphic  despatch  of  this  morn morning,  ing, morning,  that  the  Turks  were  in  turn  the  conquered  and  the  conquerors  :  in  other  words,  that  they  im immediately  mediately immediately  retook  the  island  which  they  had  lost.  We  are  still  in  the  dark  as  to  what  has  really  taken  place,  but  it  is  generally  supposed  that  more  than  one  battle  has  been  fought  since  the  Bth.  That  there  was  some  sharp  artillery  practice  at  Giurgevo  on  the  9th  is  certain,  and  it  is  highly  probable  that  on  the  11th  a  violent  collision  took  place  near  Oltenitza.  As  the  Russians  have  35,000  men  con concentrated  centrated concentrated  at  Budeschti,  and  the  Turks  but  24,000  at  Oltenitza,  it  is  generally  expected  that  we  shall  within  a  few  hours  have  a  bulletin,  announcing  a  complete  victory  on  the  part  of  the  former;  but  it  is  probable  that  the  18,000  Turks  at  Kalafat  will  advance  towards  Krajova,  which  movement  will  necessitate  Prince  Gortzchakoff  to  despatch  rein reinforcements  forcements reinforcements  to  the  right  wing  of  his  army.  The  Oest.  Deutsche  Post  has  news  of  the  10th  from  New  (Turkish)  Orsova,  that  a  detachment  of  500  horse  had  advanced  from  Kalafat  to  Wercserova,  on  the  road  to  Krajova,  to  the  order  issued  by  the  Russian  commander,  that  no  Wallachian  should  hold  any  communication  with  a  Turk,  under  pain  of  death.  By  another  letter  of  the  same  date  from  Widdin,  we  learn  that  in  that  Turkish  fortress,  which  is  under  the  command  of  Sami  Pasha,  mer mercantile  cantile mercantile  men,  artisans,  and  even  priests,  are  forced  to  work  in  the  trenches.  Day  after  day  troops  march  through  Widdin,  and  it  is  expected  that  in  a  short  time,  the  Turkish  corps  at  Kalafat  will  number  25,000  The  same  correspondent  also  indulges  in  the  following  speculations  on  Omar  Pasha's  future  operations  ;  the  correctness  of  which  later  tele telegraphic  graphic telegraphic  despatches  would  appear  to  be  singularly  verified  The  scanty  reports  which  have  reached  us  during  the  last  two  days  induce  me  to  believe  that  the  Turks,  in  the  centre  of  their  line  of  operation—from  Rustchuck-Giurgevo  to STYLE=superscript  Silistria-  Kalarasch—will  for  the  moment  act  simply  on  the  defensive,  until  the  left  wing  in  Lesser  Wallachia,  and  the  right  wing  on  the  Rassova-Hirsova-Matshin  line  of  the  Danube  are  got  into  position.  As  has"
