text
"BANK  OF  ENGLAND  RETURNS  FOR  THE  WEEK  ENDING  OCTOBER  15,  1853.  ISSUE  DEPARTMENT.  Debit.  Credit.  Notes  issued  .  £28,679,875  GovernmentDebtXll,ols,loo  Other  Securizies  .  2  4  984,900  Gold  Coin  Bullion  14,679,875  Silver  Bullion  .  .  Nil.  £28,679,875  £28,679,875  BANKING  DE2ARTMENT  Proprietors'  Ca-  I  Gove:nment  Sc-  pital  ..  .  .  £14,553,000  enrities  .  .  £12,455,161  Rest  Public  Deposits  3,700,859  Notes(unemploy-  Other  Deposits  12,664,226  I  ed)  Seven-day  and  Silver  and  Gold  other  Bills  1,405,093  Coin  6,012,490  591,599  Total  .  .  £C5,484,339  I  Total  .  £35,484,339  FROM  OUR  LONDON  CORRESPONDENT.  LONDON,  FRIDAY  EVENING.  Since  my  last  we  have  been  destitute  of  reliable  news  concerning  the  Eastern  difficulties.  The  rumours  in  circulation,  which  are  as  opposite  as  any  two  totally  different  things  can  be,  come  prin principlaly  ciplaly principlaly  from  Paris,  and  occasionally  they  are  fortified  by  similar  accounts  from  Vienna.  But,  on  the  whole,  they  are  not  worthy  of  particular,  attention,  being  mainly  started  for  stock-jobbing  purposes,  to  which,  notwithstanding  its  strict  surveillance,,  the  electric  telegraph  principally  contributes.  It  will  be  Tuesday  or  Wednesday  before  we  can  officially  know  of  the  expected  rejection,  by  the  Czar,  of  the  demand  that  the  Russian  troops  shall  evacuate  the  Principalities.  It  will  arrive  here  first  by  way  of  Vienna,  and  simultaneously  with  it  we  anticipate  hearing  of  a  few  trifling  affairs  upon  the  Danube.  A  desultory  warfare  will  spring  up  in  that  quarter;  which  will  last  at  least  until  the  now  broken  off  negociations  are  resumed,  or  until  the  impatience  of  the  rival  armies  precipitates  a  formal  trial  of  strength.  It  is  said  that  there  is  nothing  to  prevent  Omer  Pacha  from  crossing  the  Danube  if  he  is  inclined,  and  fighting  a  battle  in  Little  Wallachia.  But  this  is  doubtful,  as  he  would  be  exposed,.  in  case  of  non-success,  not  only  to  the  inconvenience  of  having  a  large  river  upon  his  rear,  but  of  the  enemy  crossing  it  in  time  to  place  him  between  two  fires.  Ido  not,  therefore,  attach  any  credit  to  this  report.  The  first  real  contests  will  take  place  in  Asia,  and  a  fortnight  or  three  weeks  must  elapse,  before  public  curiosity  can  be  gratified  by  anything  more  striking  than  accounts  of  the  movements,  or  supposed  movements,  of  troops  and  ships.  Considerable  attention  was  excited  a  few  days  ago  in  Paris,  by  a  public  sale  •of  Australian  wool.  Such  an  event  was  never  before  known  to  have  occurred  •in  the  French  metropolis,  and  it  has,  all  at  once,  thrown  our  neighbours  into  a  most  charming  state  of  excitement.  I  believe  that  the  Australian  wools  have  for  some  years  been  consumed  in  France  ;  but  the  merino  manu manufacturers,  facturers, manufacturers,  in  order  to  procure  it,  had  to  resort  to  London,  and  to  compete  for  it  at  the  public  sales  with  English  buyers,  Of  course  this  exposed  them  to  some  disadvantage.  The  government  then  came  to  their  relief,  and  reduced  the'  import  duty,  from  22  per  cent.  to  162,  on  condition  that  the  wool  was  imported  into  France  direct  from  Australia.  This  has  now  been  done,  and  hence,  the  public  sale  in  Paris.  Two  facts  are  proved  by  this  circumstance  —  first,  that  the  French  manufacturers'  require  more  wool  than  their  own  country  produces,  owing  to  the  rapid  development  of  their  commerce  ;  and  next,  that  their  wants  cannot  be  met  by  the  ordinary  produce  of  Europe.  In  these  respects,  the  Paris  sale  has  considerable  significance,  and  it  is  certain,  that  increased  efforts  will  be  made  to  obtain  regular  supplies  from  Australia.  •  A  privy  council  is  summoned  for  Monday.  The  day  for  the  meetings  of  Parliament  is  to  be  fixed  at  this  council;  but  unless  the  Eastern  question  assumes  a  threatening  aspect  again,  it  is  probable,  there  will  be  a  still  further  prorogation.  Business  in  the  city  is  flat.  TURKEY  AND  RUSSIA.  Letters  from  Paris,  dated  Thursday  night,  have  come  to  hand.  One  correspondent  says  Some  thing  additional  has,  I  am  informed,  been  de demanded  manded demanded  of  the  French,  and,  I  suppose  of  the  English  government,  namely,  that  the  fleets  of  both  shall  cruise  in  the  Blttck  Sea,  to  prevent  the  Russians  drawing  their  provisions  and  stores  from  Sebastopol.  The  demand  is  occasioned—at  least  such  is  the  reason  alleged—by  the  necessary  reduc reduction  tion reduction  in  the  Bosphorus  of  the  Turkish  fleet,  many  of  the  ships  having  been  employed  as  transports  for  the  troops  sent  to  the  army  of  Abdi  Pasha  in  Asia.  Notwithstanding  what  has  been  stated•about  send sending  ing sending  a  corps  d'armie  to  some  part  of  Turkey,  I  am  in informed  formed informed  that  though  such  a  project  may  have  been  discussed  as  required  by  future  events,  yet  that  no  resolution  on  that  head  had  been  In  Berlin,  it  would  appear  that  in  respect  to  the  prospects  of  war  .in  the  East,  there  is  a  new  ver version  sion version  current  in  some  circles,  but  it  is  difficult  to  ascertain  whence  it  00  mes,  and  what  value  it  has.  It  is  said  that  after  the  expiration  . STYLE=superscript  of  the  term  fixed  by  the  Porte  for  the  evacuation  of  the  Princi Principalities,  palities, Principalities,  the  Turkish  government  will  declare  the  country  to  be  at  war,  and  call  upon  the  great  Powers,  before  hostilities  break  out,  to  intervene  in  conformity  to  existing  treaties.  As  regards  the  theatre  of  anticipated  warfare,  we  learn  that  30,000  Russians  are  immediately  to  be  conveyed  to  Redout-kale  (in  the  Russo  Circassian  province  of  Imerethi)  within  three  days.  General  Zawadowski,  the  hetman  of  the  Chernomorski  Cossacks,  has  reached  Anapa  (Russian  fortress  on  tho  coast  of  the  Abasses)  with  24,000  men.  Re Recent  cent Recent  accounts  give  a  decided  contradiction  to  statements  made  by  the  Russian  journals  of  an  affair  which  is  said  to  have  taken  place  recently  in  the  Caucasus,  and  in  which  the  troops  of  the  Czar  are  said  to  have  gained  signal  advantages  over  the  Caucasian  tribes.  There  has  been  no  serious  engagement  in  the  Caucasus  since  the  early  part  of  May.  The  Russian  Minister  in  Paris  has  contradicted  in  the  most  absolute  manner  the  statement,  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia  threatened  a  war  of  exter extermination  mination extermination  against  Turkey.  It  would  seem,  on  the  contrary,  that  his  Russian  Majesty  still  affects  great  moderation.  Whether  he  is  to  be  believed  or  not  is  a  question  ;  but  persons  who  know  his  character,  say  that  it  is  very  improbable  that  he  would  express  himself  in  the  way  that  has  been  reported.  It  was  said  to-day  in  the  diplomatic  circles,  that  in  two  or  three  days  we  shall  have  a  manifesto  from  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  in  which  he  will  repeat  his  professions  in  favour  of  peace,  and  express  regret  that  all  his  efforts  at  conciliation  have  been  fruitless.  FRANCE  It  was  reported  in  Paris  on  Thursday,  that  several  new  political  arrests  had  taken  place,  and,  amongst  other  names,  that  of  M.  Emile  de  Girardin  has  been  mentioned.  Very  little  credit,  however,  is  given  to  the  rumour  of  the  arrest  of  this  gentle gentleman,  man, gentleman,  for  he  has  hitherto  very  carefully  avoided  mixing  himself  up  with  the  movements  of  the  Republican  party.  The  Emperor  has  given  a  pension  of  2,000  francs  a  year  to  the  father  and  mother  of  the  late  Lieut.  Bellot.  Thq  trial  of  the  32  persons  concerned  in  the  conspiracy  of  the  Opera  Comique  has  been  postponed  to  the  7th  of  next  month,  before  the  Court  of  Assizes  of  Paris."
