text
"WIGAN  THE  TURN-OUTS  AND  POOR  LAW  RELIEF—About  2,000  of  the  factory  operatives  attended  at  the  relieving  offices  on  Tuesday  morning  to  request  relief,  and  their  names  have  been  enrolled.  IMPORTANT  MEETING  OF  THE  TRADES.  —A  meeting  of  delegates  from  the  various  trades  in  the  town  was  held  last  night,  at  the  Commercial  Tavern,  for  the  purpose  of  taking  into  consideration  the  propriety  f  aiding  the  factory  opera operatives  tives operatives  in  their  struggle,  and  taking  steps  to  contradict  the  misstatements  that  had  been  put  forth  on  behalf  of  the  masters,  by  the  gentlemen  that  had  assembled  at  Mr.  Grant's  Temperance  Hotel.  There  were  upwards  of  thirty  delegates  present,  and,  after  coming  to  the  resolution  to  raise  funds  this  week  to  meet  the  emergency,  they  adjourned  to  Monday  evening  next,  to  await  the  decision  of  the  mill millowners  owners millowners  on  that  day.  MACHINERY  EIroItTED.-•-It  is  shown  by  official  returns  that  in  the  month  ended  the  10th  ult.,  the  declared  valnu  of  steam  engines  and  the  parts  of  steam  engines  exported  was  T  62,979  ,  and  of  all  other  sorts,  £180,592.  IMPORTANT  TO  RAILWAY  PASSENGERS.—PAYMENT  OF  RAILWAY  FARES.  —Several  of  the  railway  companies  have  just  given  notice  at  their  stations,  that  an  money  tendered  in  payment  of  railway  fares  that  is  in  the  least  defaced  will  be  refused.  AN  UNKNOWN  WRECK  CAST  ASHORE.—We  learn  from  a  letter,  under  date  Tobermory,  November  8,  that  a  brig,  apparently  about  400  tons  burden,  was  cast  ashore  bottom  upwards,  and  settled  down  on  a  rock,  on  the  Wednesday  preceding.,  between  the  islands  of  Tyree  and  Gunna,  in  the  West  Highlands.  At  ebb  tide  the  wreck  is  left  dry,  but  although  she  has  been  carefully  scanned,  no  name  can  be  seen  on  the  ship,  nor  have  any  papers  as  yet  been  found  which  might  enable  Lloyd's  agent  to  identify  her,  and  trace  the  owner  of  the  ship  or  carg;o.  She  is  laden  with  deal  and  sawn  timber,  is  evidently  of  British  build,  and,  from  the  growth  on  the  sides  and  bottom,  appears  to  have  been  under  water  for  several  m  on  th  s  .  Th  e  cargo  extends  right  fore  and  aft,  from  which  it  is  pretty  evident  that  the  cabin  must  have  been  on  deck  ;  but,  as  we  have  said,  the  keel  being  uppermost,  this  has  not  been  positively  ascertained.  The  hull  is  quite  entire,  and  there  is  little  doubt  that  she  has  foundered,  and  that  all  hands  have  perished.  Lloyd's  agent  is  doing  his  best  to  save  the  cargo,  and  has  broken  through  the  bottom  for  this  purpose  ;  but  the  work  is  difficult,  for  the  ship  lies  on  nearly  the  wildest  and  most  difficult  part  of  the  west  coast.  NormonAm  TRAM—The  lace  trade  continues  with without  out without  any  alteration,  being  exactly  the  same  as  last  week,  with  the  exception  of  one  or  two  considerable  houses,  who  happen  to  have  picked  up  orders,  and  appear  to  be  tolerably  busy,  working  till  nine  o'clock,  whilst  the  great  majority  are  doing  scarcely  any  business  whatever,  and  closing  at  sax.  Things  th  ere  fore  continue  to  be  very  dull.  A  great  many  hands  are  out,  and  must  remain  out  of  employment,  unless  a  speedy  amendment  take  place.  There  is  no  branch  which  is  doing  well,  and  the  business  transacted,  has  for  the  most  part  been  in  the  execution  of  orders  left  on  hand  by  German  buyers,  and  for  the  Australian  markets.  Hosiery  in  the  better  classes  of  goods  is  brisk,  a  good  deal  of  business  doing,  and  extensive  orders  have  been  received  from  the  American  markets.—Nottingham  Guardian"
