text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  annually,  and  that  each  takes  away  £5,  the  amount  thus  absorbed  would  be  £1,500,000  annually,  or  £125,000  per  month.  And  if  we  allow  the  amount  taken  by  the  gold-workers  to  be  £3,000,000  annu_  ally,  or  £250,000  per  month,  the  absorption  in  these  two  directions  would  be  £375,000  per  month  ;  and  if  we  deduct  this  amount  from  the  excess  of  im imports  ports imports  over  the  amount  of  bullion  received  by  the  bank,  there  Still  remains  the  sum  of  £506,127  to  be  accounted  for.  Added  to  this  latter  sum  which  we  may  now  fairly  assume  to  be  the  balance  outstanding  in  the  hands  of  the  public,  we  have  an  increase  in  the  circulation  of  the  private  and  joint-stock  banks  for  the  month  ending  the  29th  of  October,  of  £369,443,  which  makes  the  aggregate  amount  of  money  which  is  not  shown  in  the  bank  returns  no  less  than  £875,570.  Our  object,  however,  in  thus  investigating  this  subject,  is  simply  to  show  that  there  is  nothing  in  the  actual  monetary  condition  of  the  United  King Kingdom  dom Kingdom  to  justify  the  high  rate  of  interest  demanded  for  money  ;  and,  at  the  same  time,  to  direct  the  attention  of  the  public  to  the  large  sums  of  bullion  which  do  not  appear  in  the  banking  returns.  This  we  conceive  to  be  our  bounden  duty  at  all  times,  but  more  particularly  at  a  moment  when  our  best  interests  are  endangered  by  the  prospects  of  a  war  in  which  our  worst  enemy  might  be  largely  subsi subsidised  dised subsidised  with  British  gold.  It  has  long  been  the  great  point  of  excellence  among  financiers  and  diplomatists  to  make  the  enemy  supply  the  funds  for  their  own  and  it  appears  that  the  London  journals,  at  this  moment,  apprehend  that  secret  shipments  of  gold  to  Russia  are  going  on,  and  to  a  considerable  amount.  There  is  great  danger  to  be  apprehended  from  this  source.  And  we  may  be  able  ere  long  to  show  that  our  suspicions  were  not,  altogether,  without  foundation.  That  the  influx  of  gold  will  continue  to  be  large  for  many  years  to  come  is  most  certain,  considering  the  demand  that  exists  for  it  here,  and  the  endless  supply  which  Australia  and  California  can  send  us.  The  great  inducement  to  ship  gold  to  England  at  present,  is  the  diffe difference  rence difference  in  the  actual  value  of  gold  between,  this  country  and  the  two  regions  we  have  just  named.  In  Australia,  the  average  - STYLE=superscript  .price  of  gold,  according  to  the  last  quotations,  was  765.  214.  per  ounce,  and  in  America  71s.  2td.  This  leaves  a  sufficient  margin  for  profit,  to  lead  to  heavy  shipments  of  specie  or  bullion  from  both  countries.  In  fact,  the  American  bankers  begin  to  find  that  gold  is  so  fluctuating  in  value  that  they  are  not  disposed  to  extend  their  credits  on  so  uncertain  a  basis,  and  they,  therefore,  prefer  shipping  it  to  this  country  at  a  positive  profit.  Issuing  on  a  commodity  which,  by  one  turn  of  the  bullion  market  weight,  might  involve  the  creditor  interest  to  a  loss  of  10  or  20  per  cent.  would  be  most  hazardous.  A  large  issue  of  notes  against  bullion  would  have  a  positive  tendency  to  reduce  the  value  of  gold,  therefore  they  are  de deterred  terred deterred  from  moving,  favourable  as  the  money  mar market  ket market  is  for  extensive  operations.  In  France  there  is  a  speculative  demand  for  gold,  which  will  speedily  work  its  own  care.  The  gold  she  takes  from  this  country  she  is  paying  exorbitantly  for,  if  we  measure  the  profits  of  her  trade  with  this  country,  and  the  profits  of  our  trade  with  those  countries  from  which  we  draw  our  great  bullion  supplies.  The  price  France  pays  for  gold  must  enter  into  the  cost  of  her  productions,  and  when  she  comes  to  exchange  her  productions  with  this  or  any  other  country,  she  will  find  that  her  gold  even  at  the  par  of  exchange,  was  too  dear  a  commodity  to  employ  in  production.  As  for  the  other  States  of  Europe,  if  we  except  Russia,  the  drain  that  they  can  effect  is  too  trifling  to  cause  any  uneasiness  in  our  bullion  market.  -.  •  Looking  at  all  these  cogent  reasons,  we  see  no  cause  whatever  for  any  Apprehension  of  a  crisis  such  as  the  gentlemen  of  Threadneedle-street  seem  to  have  anticipated,  and  altogether  their  returns  do  show  a  falling  off  in  their  stock  of  bullion,  still  our  monetary  condition  is  remarkably  healthy,  and  we  hope  the  joint  stock  and  private  banks  will  relax  their  stringency,  and  allow  legitimate  trade  to  pro progress  gress progress  on  more  moderate  terms  for  the  good  of  the  country  at  large.  SACRILEGE.-St.  Augustine's  church,  Shaw-street,  was  broken  into  on  Friday  night,  and  a  quantity  of  lead  stolen  therefrom.  SATURDAY  NIGHTS'  CONCERTS.  —On  Saturday  night  the  Misses  Bennett  and  Mr.  Fairbairn  gave  one  of  their  popular  Scottish  musical  entertainments  in  the  Concert-hall,  Lord  Nalson-street.  The  hall  was  well  filled,  and  several  of  the  ballads  which  were  sung  throughout  the  evening  received  an  eneore  HOUSE  ROBBERIES.—On  Saturday  evening  the  house  of  Mr.  Jones,  Robinson-street,  was  entered,  and  a  quantity  of  property  stolen.  On  the  same  evening  the  house  of  Mr.  John  Griffiths,  of  Everton  Crescent,  was  entered  by  breaking  a  pane  of  glass  in  the  back  window,  and  a  quantity  of  wearing  apparel  was  stolen.  Last  night  the  shop  of  Mr.  Lazarus,  clothes-dealer,  Tithebarn-street,  was  entered  during  the  absence  of  the  family,  and  property  to  the  amount  of  £l5  was  stolen.  STREET  ACCIDENTS.—On  Saturday  evening  a  young  wo woman,  man, woman,  named  Mary  Ann  Green,  was,  while  passing  through  Park-street,  knocked  down  by  a  car.  She  was  co  nve  y  e  d  in  a  state  of  insensibility  to  the  Southern  Hospital,  but  upon  examination,  it  was  found  she  had  not  sustained  any  serious  injuries,  and  left  that  institute  yesterday.  On  the  same  even evening  ing evening  Peter  Guy,  while  passing  through  Great  Crosshall-street,  met  with  an  accident  from  a  similar  cause,  but  of  a  more  un unfortunate  fortunate unfortunate  nature,  as  his  leg  was  so  severely  fractured  as,  upon  his  being  removed  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  to  render  am amputation  putation amputation  necessary.  ACCIDENTS  ON  THE  LIVERPOOL  AND  MANCHESTER  RAIL RAILWAY.—On  WAY.—On RAILWAY.—On  Friday  morning  we  learn  that  a  collision  of  a  slight  description  took  place  on  the  Liverpool  and  Man Manchester  chester Manchester  Railway  at  the  Kenyon  Junction.  A.  train  conveying  passengers  from  Manchester  to  the  Newton  races  was  run  into  by  a  train  from  Bolton,  but  luckily  no  lives  were  lost,  and  the  injuries  sustained  were  limited  to  bruises  to  a  small  number  of  the  passengers.—On  Saturday  afternoon  an  acci accident  dent accident  occurred  on  the  same  line  near  to  the  Patricroft  station.  The  particulars  have  not  reached  us,  but  we  learn  that  a  train  passed  over  a  platelayer  who  was  working  on  the  line,  cutting  off  one  of  his  legs.  FIRE  IN  MANCHESTER.—On  Saturday  morning,  at  1  37  p.m.,  a  police  constable  arrived  at  the  police  yard,  Clarence Clarencestreet,  street, Clarencestreet,  Manchester,  with  information  that  the  brewery  of  Mr.  Jordan,  Tipping-street,  was  on  fire.  Immediately  after afterwards  wards afterwards  Mr.  Rose,  superintendent  of  the  fire  brigade,  accom accompanied  panied accompanied  by  an  engine  and  a  body  of  firemen  proceeded  to  the  spot,  when  he  found  that  the  roof  of  the  malt-room  was  in  flames.  Forthwith  a  jet  was  attached  to  the  high-pressure  main,  the  firemen  ascended  the  staircase,  entered  the  room.  played  upon  the  flames,  and  in  a  few  minutes  the  fire  was  extinguished.  The  damage  done  did  not  exceed  £2O,  which  is  amply  covered  by  insurance.  AWFULLY  SUDDEN  DEATH.—  On  Saturday  morning  early,  a  carter  named  William  Howell,  in  the  employment  of  the  Manchester  lamp  and  scavenging  committee  of  the  City  Council,  came  to  his  death  in  an  awfully  sudden  manner.  It  appears  that  the  deceased,  who  was  about  thirty  years  of  age,  and  had  been  married  only  a  fortnight  ago,  went,  as  usual,  to  the  police-yard,  about  four  o'clock  in  the  morning  of  Saturday,  and  took  his  breakfast  along  with  some  of  his  comrades.  He  was  talking  with  the  other  men,  and  prepar preparing  ing preparing  to  go  out  with  hi  s  car  t,  when  all  at  once  he  fell  down  in  the  stable.  He  was  immediately  taken  up,  removed  to  the  room  where  the  men  generally  take  their  breakfast,  and  a  surgeon  sent  for.  In  a  short  time  Mr.  Blackmore,  surgeon,  was  on  the  spot,  but  upon  his  arrival  the  unfortunate  man  was  dead.  An  inquest  is  to  be  held  upon  the  body  on  Mon Monday  day Monday  (this  day).  MAILS  FOR  AUSTRALIA.—GENERAL  POST-OFFICE,  NO NOVEMBER,  VEMBER, NOVEMBER,  1853.—The  next  mails  for  Australia  will  be  for forwarded  warded forwarded  by  the  Matilda  Wattenbach,  clipper  ship,  the  owners  of  which  have  entered  into  a  contract  for  that  purpose  with  the  postmaster  general.  This  vessel  is  appointed  to  be  de despatched  spatched despatched  from  Liverpool  on  the  morning  of  the  4th  Decem December  ber December  next,  and  all  letters  and  newsppers  for  South  Australia,  Victoria,  New  South  Wales,  and  Van  Diemen's  Land,  reach reachino•b  ino•b reachino•b  Liverpool  previous  to  he  r  d  eparture,  an  d  not  a  dd  resse  d  to  be  sent  by  any  other  vessel,  will  be  forwarded  by  the  Matilda  Wattenbach.  The  packet  rates  of  poptage  will  be  chargeable  on  all  letters  transmitted  by  the  Matilda  Watten Wattenbach,  bach, Wattenbach,  but  no  charge  will  be  made  upon  newspapers.  The  mails  to  be  conveyed  by  this  packet  will  be  made  up  in  Lon London  don London  on  the  evening  of  the  3rd  Decemb  er  ,  an  d  at  Li  verpoo  l  on  the  morning  of.  the  4th  December.  Those  postmasters  whose  instructions  direct  them  to  send  their  letters  to  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  by  cross  post,  will  of  course  forward  the  correspondence  intended  for  these  mails  in  the  same  manners  ACCIDENT  AT  THE  NEW  DOCKS.—On  Saturday  a  labourer,  named  Robert  Dudley,  employed  in  making  some  excavations  at  the  above  docks,  at  the  south  side  of  the  town,  met  with  a  severe  accident,  by  a  large  quantity  of  the  soil  having  fallen  upon  him.  He  was  immediately  removed  to  the  Southern  Hospital.  .  .  The  British  and  North  American  royal  mail  steamship  Niagara  sailed  from  the  Mersey  on  Saturday  for  Halifax  and  Boston.  She  carried  the  usual  mails  and  107  passengers.  STEAM  TO  CANADA.—The  Sarah  Sands  will  leave  the  river  to-day  on  her  first  trip  to  Portland.  She  takes  out  a  full  compliment  of  passengers,  for  whom  the  most  ample  pro provision  vision provision  has  been  made.  Mr.  J.  Donald,  late  superintendent  of  police,  and  well  known  in  connection  with  the  Rivington  pike  question,  is  said  to  be  likely  to  succeed  Mr.  M.  M.  J.  Dowling,  as  superin superintendent  tendent superintendent  of  the  chain  cable  testing  machine.  DEPARTURE  OF  AUSTRALIAN  VESSELS.—On  Wednesday  last  the  Hibernia  sailed  from  the  Mersey  with  a  large  num number  ber number  of  passengers  for  Australia.  The  Electric  Flash,  and  Cypress,  have  also  sailed  during  the  past  week,  and  to-day  the  steamship  Golden  Age,  with  a  large  number  of  passen passengers,  gers, passengers,  takes  her  departure.  In  a  letter  to  the  Times,  Messrs.  Savory  and  Sons,  of  Cornhill,  mention  an  ingenious  and  daring  falsification  of  the  coin  of  the  realm.  They  say  :—We  have  recently  had  through  our  hands  several  sovereigns  which  have  had  from  ten  to  sixteen  grains  of  gold  taken  from  the  edges,  and  been  then  remilled.  These  coins  are,  of  course,  genuine,  but  re reduced  duced reduced  in  value  from  is.  7d.  to  2s.  7d.  each.  The  only  difference  in  appearance  from  that  which  they  present  when  first  issued  from  the  mint  is,  that  they  are  rather  less  in  THE.  LATE  SIR  JOHN  LEMAN.—About  the  year  1838,  a  poor  weaver  of  Nottingham,  named  John  Leman,  succeeded,  after  upwards  of  thirty  years'  perseverance,  in  obtaining,  by  a  decree,  or  judgment,  of  the  High  Court  of  Justiciary  of  Edinburgh,  the  title  of  Sir  John  Leman,  and  a  large  portion  'of  the  vast  Leman  estates.  Had  he  lived  he  would  have  made  good  his  claims  to  all  the  property,  including  that  sit situated  uated situated  in  Goodman's-fields,  and  embracing  nearly  the  whole  of  the  district.  In  1838  the  writer  of  this  paragraph  was  standing  outside  the  door  of  an  inn  on  the  Staffordshire  side  of  Hanging  Bridge,  over  the  river  Dove,  near  the  village  of  Mayfield,  where  Moore  wrote  Lallah  Rookh,  when  a  post postchaise  chaise postchaise  and  four,  coming  from  Ashborne,  was  driven  up.  A  rough-looking  man,  of  about  sixty  years  old,  hailed  the  land landlady  lady landlady  from  inside  the  chaise,  and  gruffly  inquired  whether  the  postillions  were  honest,  and  could  be  trusted.  He  was  much  excited,  evidently  from  wine  or  spirits.  He  was  told  that  the  postillions  belonged  to  the  Green  Man  at  Ashborne,  and  were  perfectly  trustworthy.  He  appeared  very  indignant  that  the  one  that  ought  to  have  ridden  the  near  wheeler  should  sit  upon  the  box  and  drive.  A  man's  back  so  near  him  gave  him  great  offence,  and  he  said  so  in  language  not  very  polite.  He  ordered  a  pint  of  ale,  drank  and  paid  for  it,  and  then  desired  the  men  to  drive  him  to  Leek,  as  he  was  going  to  Manchester.  He  paid  the  postillions  handsomely  at  Leek.  Six  months  after  this  he  died,  it  was  reported,  in  consequence  of  constant  intemperate  indulgence.  In  his  adversity  he  was  a  sober,  well-behaved  man.  In  his  pros prosperity  perity prosperity  the  reverse.  To  a  person  resident  at  Loughborough,  and  who  had  supplied  him  with  funds  to  prosecute  his  case,  he  behaved  badly  after  he  had  received  his  property.  On  his  death  several  claimants  appeared,  but  none  succeeded  in  making  good  a  title.  The  real  Simon  Pure  remains  still  to  be  discovered.  INDECENT  ASSAULT  UPON  A  FEMALE.  —ASSAULT  UPON  THE  POLICE,  AND  APPREHENSION  OF  THE  OFFENDEas.—Between  the  hours  of  one  and  two  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  as  a  young  female,  named  Cotterhill,  was  passing  near  Peter's Peter'slane,  lane, Peter'slane,  on  an  errand  for  some  ale  for  her  master's  supper,  she  was  accosted  by  a  fellow  named  Gilmour,  who  lives  in  that  locality  with  his  mother,  a  lodging-house  keeper.  The  fellow  first  insulted  her  by  using  the  most  unbecoming  language,  and  pulling  her  about  in  an  indecent  manner.  She  desired  him  to  desist,  and  threatened  to  defend  herself  with  the  jug  she  held  in  her  hand  if  he  did  not.  The  threat  had  not  the  desired  effect,  for  he  immediately  attempted  to  assault  her  in  a  most  indecent  manner,  upon  which  he  struck  her  a  blow  in  the  face,  the  force  of  which  broke  her  teeth.  In  the  most  acute  pain  she  returned  home,  when  information  of  the  assault  was  given  to  the  police,  three  of  whom  repaired  to  his  mother's  house,  but  they  had  scarcely  stated  the  business  upon  which  they  were  engaged,  when  Gilmour,  backed  by  a  large  party  assembled  in  the  house,  attacked  the  officers  with  pokers,  sticks,  and  every  weapon  they  could  find.  During  the  affray  two  of  the  officers,  John  Briscoe  and  Charles  Bradley,  were  knocked  down,  and  most  brutally  assaulted  by  the  parties  while  on  the  ground.  The  third  officer,  being  more  powerful  than  his  companions,  d  e  f  en  d  e  d  himself  for  a  short  time,  during  which  an  inspector,  hearing  the  danger  to  which  the  officers  were  exposed,  collected  a  large  body  of  police  and  went  to  the  rescue  of  their  companions,  and  after  a  sharp  but  brief  struggle  succeeded  in  capturing  seven  of  the  offenders.  The  officers  knocked  down,  received  such  1  injuries  as  to  render  it  necessary  that  they  should  be  con conveyed  veyed conveyed  to  the  Northern  Hospital.  The  parties  apprehended  will  be  brought  before  the  magistrates  this  day.  A  man  can't  help  what  is  done  behind  his  as  the  loafer  said  when  he  was  kicked  out  of  doors.  The  Trieste  Zeitung  reports  from  Constantinople  that  the  command  at  the  first  battle  in  Asia  was  held  by  General  Guyon,  formerly  a  leader  of  the  insurgent  Hungarians.  Workmen  are  now  busily  engaged  in  the  Westminster  Abbey  in  taking  a  plaster  east  of  the  tomb  of  Mary  Queen  of  Scots,  to  be  placed  among  the  statues  of  the  Crystal  Palace  at  Sydenham.  -  -  A  premitim  was  lately  offered  by  an  agricultural  society,  for  the  best  mode  of  irrigation,  and  the  latter  word,  by  a  mistake  of  the  printer,  having  been  changed  to  irritation,  a  farmer  sent  his  wife  to  claim  the  prize.  A  well  known  alderman  at  Leicester,  being  much  pressed  to  accept  the  civic  office,  said,  Well,—if  I  mun,  I  mun— munthere's  there's munthere's  no  meaning  to  deny  the  existence  of  a  future  state,  but  simply  that  he  had  no  alternative.  _  .  _  One  James  Miller  ha  , STYLE=superscript  ;ing  announced  in  the  North  British  _Advertiser,  that  he  would  not  be  answerable  for  the  debts  of  his  wife,—the  latter  retorted  with  another  advertisement,  stating  that  she  had  not  left  him  the  intention  of  con contracting  tracting contracting  debt,  but  solely  to  avoid  being  killed  by  ACCIDENT  ON  BOARD  THE  STEAMER.—Yesterday,  as  the  Dublin  and  Liverpool  Steam  Company's  ship  was  entering  the  dock,  a  sailor,  named  John  Nether Netherton,  ton, Netherton,  received  a  severe  fracture  on  the  skull  from  the  hawser  breaking.  He  was  taken  to  the  Southern  Hospital,  where  he  remains  in  a  very  sad  state.  STREET  ROW.—Early  yesterday  morning  a  row  took  place  amongst  some  drunken  persons  in  Chadwick-street,  and  in  the  scuffle  William  Graham,  alias  Orange  Bill  the  received  a  severe  cut  in  the  cheek.  The  instrument  by  which  the  wound  was  inflicted,  penetrated  the  cheek.  Cornelius  Pyne,  a  broker,  carrying  on  business  in  Dale Dalestreet,  street, Dalestreet,  Tradeston,  was  yesterday  brought  up  before  Bailie  Gilmour,  at  •  the  Southern  Police-court,  and  convicted  of  failing  to  enter  the  purchase  of  forty  fathoms  of  rope  in  his  book.  The  rope  had  been  stolen  from  a  ship  in  the  harbour.  He  was  fined  in  405.,  or  thirty  days  imprisonment.—N.  B.  .  .  .  SILVER  IN  FRANCE.—The  Bank  of  France  has  resolved  to  adopt  the  plan,  recently  stated  to  be  in  contemplation,  of  making  all  their  payments  in  gold,  instead  of  allowing  their  silver  to  be  drained  from  them  for  exportation.  THE  APPROACHING  BREvta.—We  are  about  to  have  a  new  brevet,  and  the  occasion  remindsa  London  contemporary  of  noticing  the  injustice  done  to  Col.  Peyronnet  Thompson,  who,  being  at  the  head  of  the  list  of  his  rank  at  the  pro promotion,  motion, promotion,  was  passed  over,  and  his  juniors  put  above  him.  This  ought  not  to  occur  again.  _  _  _  TURKISH  LOAN.—The  roan  of  £280,000,  announced  yes yesterday  terday yesterday  as  having  been  made  to  the  Sultan  of  Turkey  by  Messrs.  Baltazzi  and  Co.,  is  understood  to  be  little  more  than  a  renewal  of  advances  which  that  firm  have  been  in  the  habit  of  making  on  the  security  of  the  Egyptian  tribute.—Times.  A  HIGH  PRICE  PTCTURE.—At  the  recent  sale  of  Earl  Ducie's  pictures,  a  Mulready,  The  Interior  of  a  Barber's  bought  by  his  lordship  for  70  guineas,  realised  £7BO.  Swansea  has  recently  been  the  scene  of  two  horrible  occurrences.  A  man  has  lately  died  there  of  hydrophobia  ;  and  a  child  was  sadly  mutilated  by  a  rat.  A  NEW  CLASS  OF  VOTERS.—From  a  return  presented  to  parliament  the  last  day  of  last  session,  we  learn  that  the  number  of  individual  male  depositors  in  savings'  banks  in  England  and  Wales  was,  in  May  last,  135,933  of  £3O  and  upwards,  and  77,621  of  £5O  and  upwards.  If,  therefore,  we  adopt  the  smaller  sum  as  our  figure,  and  allow  for  minors  and  for  those  already  on  the  register  in  virtue  of  other  quali qualifications,  fications, qualifications,  it  is  probable  that  we  should  add  nearly  100,000  voters  to  our  present  number—an  addition  of  one-tenth.---  TV.  R.  in  the  Chronicle.  INGENIOUS  TRICK.—A  woman  has  lately.  visited  the  sub suburban  urban suburban  districts,  on  the  south  side  of  the  city,  selling  butter  made  up  in  bowls  of  albs.  It  looks  nice  and  white.  It  is  sold  so  low  as  10d.  per  lb.,  a  sufficient  inducement  at  this  season  to  buy.  She  insists  that  the  buyer  weighs  it,  and  having  done  so,  the  latter  finds  there  is  good  weight  ;  how however,  ever, however,  proceeding  to  eat  it,  it  tastes  cold  and  watery,  so  that  on  proceeding  to  squeeze  the  butter  it  literally  turns  out  to  .be  two-thirds  water.  The  best  remains  to  be  told.  One  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  who  bought  some,  and  immediately  after  proceeded  to  cut  it  up  for  use,  found  it  most  ingeniously  inlaid  with  layers  of  thus  making  up  the  weight  and  accounting  for  its  being  cold  and  firm,  and  which  circumstance  did  not  betray  itself  until  exposed  to  heat.—Dublin  Paper,  ANOTHER  BRUTE  OF  A  HUSBAND.—A  barber,  in  Dale Dalestreet,  street, Dalestreet,  Tradeston,  named  C.  Gardner,  was  yesterday  charged  at  the  Southern  Police-court  with  having,  on  Thursday  last,  been  drunk,  and  assaulted,  knocked  down,  and  otherwise  abused  Margaret,  his  wife,  in  his  own  house.  The  witnesses  proved  that  the  wife  was  a  quiet,  decent,  industrious  woman,  and  that  Gardner  was  in  the  habit  of  going  on  the  as  they  termed  it,  and  when  in  that  state  his  conduct  to  his  poor  wife  was  of  the  most  brutal  and  cruel  description.  On  the  occasion  of  the  last  assault,  she  was  covered  with  bruises,  and  one  of  her  eyes  nearly  closed.  Bailie  Gilmour  said  that  assaults  similar  to  that  committed  by  the  prisoner  had  become  so  frequent  in  England  that  the  legislature  found  it  absolutely  necessary  to  increase  the  punishment  to  six  months'  imprisonment  with  hard  labour,  and  that  this  act  should  have  been  extended  to  Scotland,  for  this  species  of  crime  was  so  much  on  the  increase  that  nothing  but  the  terror  of  a  long  imprisonment  with  hard  labour  would  deter  such  dastardly  wretches  from  tyrannising  over  the  unfortu unfortunate  nate unfortunate  creatures  who  have  had  the  misfortune  to  be  allied  to  them.  In  every  such  case  he  would  go  as  far  as  the  law  permitted  him,  and  he  sentenced  Gardner  to  be  imprisoned  for  sixty  days'  with  hard  labour.—.Y.  B.  Mail.  Ma  h  f  MONETARY  AND  COMMEIiCIAP.  LITERPOOL,  SUNDAY  VSENISG.  Yesterday,  the  London  Stock  Market  Open  ed STYLE=superscript  a  highly  improved  aspect,  but  A  s  uddenlY  depressed,  and  closed  with  a  downward  tervi_uAo  It  is  difficult  to  conceive  what  coul  d STYLE=superscript  have  p  01  h  a  such  a  rapid  change,  unless  indeed  it  as_T:of  sence  of  business,  that  is,  either  the  wa  D STYLE=superscript  vn  ,  desire  to  sell,  or  a  disposition  to  purchase.  the  2nd  of  December,  will  be  the  firsts  ake.  in  Consols,  and  December  the  6th,  thee  ttlo  The  transfer  books  will  be  closed  on  ti  ed  oi  December,  and  Consols  will  then  be  q  u° STYLE=superscript  o  ed  the  half-yearly  dividend  off.  Conso  ls STYLE=superscript  ope STYLE=superscript  95i,  and  advanced  in  the  course  of  the  day  for  money  and  time.  This  last  quotation?v,  well  supported  at  the  closing.  Redneeha  ee,  and-a-Quarter  per  Cents.  941,  95.  Ne  w STYLE=superscript  T STYLE=superscript  sto  r STYLE=superscript  el  a-Quarter  per  Cents.  951  to  96g.  Ban  k STYLE=superscript  to  218.  Exchester  Bills,  5k  prm.  The  Foreign  Stock  Market  was  net  ac  eeot.  after  the  official  closing  a  decline  of  Pgl  reported.  Mexican  Three  per  Cents.  25,14;11  tuguese,  40  42  ;  Spanish  Three  per  Cen  ts STYLE=superscript  ''  - STYLE=superscript  6  3 STYLE=superscript  '  Ditto  Deferred,  22+.  Dutch  2/  per  Ditto  Four  per  Cents,  941  951.  coas  i STYLE=superscript  •  The  Railway  Share  Market  opened  wi'&#34;  towards  able  buoyancy,  but  became  heavy  irter  o,'  closing  :—Caledonian,  28+  281  ;  Great  Il  es STYLE=superscript  ificil'  831;  London  and  North  Western,  38  38 STYLE=superscript  j  1  ; STYLE=superscript  .  ltil  63i  63i;  York,  Newcastle,  and  Berwle''  A  berli  York  and  North  Midland,  24i  241;  .;`,  ° STYLE=superscript  A  .4,  11 STYLE=superscript  France,  34-1  34k;  Paris,  and  Lyons,  14  'l  6  ll  .  and  Strasbourg,  321.  332.  Australian  A  l STYLE=superscript  r  - STYLE=superscript  Br  iP STYLE=superscript  i  . STYLE=superscript  Company,  43  45  ;  Peel  River,  -}  American  Land,  65  70  ;  Van  Diemen'  s STYLE=superscript  :se°  161;  Bank  of  Australasia,  82  85  ;  Englis  tir  and  Australian,  1.1  7  4  dis.  ;  London  Australia,  I  1  prem.  ;  Union  of  Austv  i  - STYLE=superscript  iM  ill STYLE=superscript  il  i  ditto  New,  71  ;  Scottish  Australian,  l STYLE=superscript  ar;  t  tt  The  Metal  Markets  are  advancing  ra,  A  rit  :of  to  the  modifications  in  the  French  n  o  Moate  in  his  circular  states,  that  a  r  e- STYLE=superscript  s  cir  c STYLE=superscript  :  the  French  duties  on  iron,  as  stated  ittlio:  of  the  10th  instant,  has  at  last  been  0.  1 STYLE=superscript  r  lished,  and  this  has  confirmed  the  sonn  - STYLE=superscript  „  1  10/  1 STYLE=superscript  ,,  of  the  iron  trade  ;  the  duty  on  pig  iron  r  per  cent.  only,  on  rails  50  per  ce  n  t.  ,  al  l STYLE=superscript  ° STYLE=superscript  01  4 STYLE=superscript  ',  iron,  the  most  important  of  all,  8/.  per  te;,'Dat  60  per  cent.,  and  it  is  further  underste  oa STYLE=superscript  11  reduction  is  only  a  prelude  to  a  much  ni  ° STYLE=superscript  ,  re STYLE=superscript  ,  tariff.  Rails  are  much  firmer,  but  few  of  ,  t STYLE=superscript  are  disposed  to  sell  at  present  rates.  '  A  ':  '  iron  opened  on  Monday  at  795.,  and  has  ',r  e, STYLE=superscript  according  to  the  pressure  of  sales  to  mee  t STYLE=superscript  from  that  quotation  to  81s.  6d.,  the  illa  r STYLE=superscript  ld  e STYLE=superscript  tf  at  78s.  Spelter—some  large  transactions  .10  done  at  211.  10s.,  221.,  22/.  155.  ,  at  which  til STYLE=superscript  ,d  e STYLE=superscript  leaves  off  firm.  Copper—An  advance  ;IF  place  of  ld.  per  lb.  Swedish  i  ro  n  and  gee'  alteration.  Tin  plates  ' STYLE=superscript  V  In  the  Manchester  Market  th  e  w  eek  clos  e STYLE=superscript  ot  ii:,  ;  on  Saturday,  and  no  improvement  can  be  ( STYLE=superscript  1.'  1 STYLE=superscript  0  6  chief  feature  is  that  of  d  u  ll  ness  and  l STYLE=superscript  iog  Almost  all  classes  of  buye  rs  are  abstai  a STYLE=superscript  _ie.  purchasing,  except  on  the  m  os  t  limited  1;4;  tendency  of  prices  during  the  week  has  The  few  exceptions,  in  favour  of  buyers.  A  the STYLE=superscript  from  India  is  again  unfav  o  U  ra  ble,  an  u STYLE=superscript  t  pe  li STYLE=superscript  o  . STYLE=superscript  prices  of  food,  both  here  and  on  the  Col  o  D°  •  terferes  materially  with  trade.  The  lin  complain  much  of  the  small  amount  I,  11  v  &amp;  doing  by  their  custome  rs  i  n  th  e  agrien  os7  manufacturing  districts.  Altogether  W  et  o  extremely  quiet,  and  there  is  no  pr  °sl3 STYLE=superscript  „r  1 STYLE=superscript  improvement  till  after  Christ  m  as.  bet  tr STYLE=superscript  o  ol  The  Manchester  Share  Market  W  1 STYLE=superscript  °  0  ,04  4 STYLE=superscript  0  Saturday,  and  closed  firmly  at  the  foll  ° STYLE=superscript  a  ii  Lions  :—Caledonians,  281.  L  anc  ashire.  oo  l  l3 STYLE=superscript  (o  l  shire,  67+.  Manchester  Sh  e  ffi  e  ld  and  Li STYLE=superscript  an  d  231  Midland,  631.  South  Eastern  ti  181.  Macclesfield  Canal,  M.  t  oor,  e STYLE=superscript  ,  b  6 STYLE=superscript  The  Liverpool  Cotton  Market  wa  s STYLE=superscript  ,c  1  te  ct  on  Saturday,  with  an  increased  der  aft STYLE=superscript  :  o  o  o°- STYLE=superscript  ,4  export  and  speculation.  The  salea:`,.oP'  7000  bales,  of  which  2000  were  taken  for STYLE=superscript  c'  te  ..,  A  speculation.  6  Our  Share  Market  was  tolerably  c  o-A  d°  l3l STYLE=superscript  sidering  it  was  Saturday,  whi  c  h  is  g  e STYLE=superscript  o  l STYLE=superscript  '&#34;ait  , STYLE=superscript  i''  ,,, STYLE=superscript  day.  After  a  moderate  business  tlg  e  folP  firmly  at  our  quotations,  which  wit&#34;'  t  d  h  ay  e  column.  ar  e  mar  SHARE  MARICns.-I,tisiness  7--  P  .  a  10-'Tollowina  price  the  — STYLE=superscript  Lane  donian,  28a  Yorkshire,  ;  caster  and  Carhs  e  n  -1-;  Lancaster  and  Preston,  £lll  shares,  p,s  h  i  ef  iplil  and  North  Western,  10311  1  •  Manchester  ° STYLE=superscript  .,  i  '  r  ity  4 STYLE=superscript  ,l  Lincoln,  231;  Midland,  631  North  :  nr  r  South  Eastern  Stock,  181  16-3  -1 STYLE=superscript  1  9 STYLE=superscript  ihe  closin,  Copp)  as  follow  :  Caledonian,  281  I;  Eastern  aPialtern  C  o  unties,  1  3 STYLE=superscript  i  ;  eit  5-16;  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire,  671  1;  143° STYLE=superscript  70  Western,  1031  a  ;  Midland,  631  s  ;  South  80,  York  and  North,  241  5  ;  Sheffield  Stock,  233  4  . STYLE=superscript  f  Or34  MANCHESTER.—To-day  the  market  Ic  li STYLE=superscript  sOuli  sales  were  made  at  enhanced  rates,  and  for  ~,  amount  of  business  transacted  was  considera  b STYLE=superscript  lowing  were  the  sales  :—Caledonian,  28-  0 STYLE=superscript  -  8  •  14 STYLE=superscript  .  311 STYLE=superscript  .  0  0  Yorkshire,  671  A  f  ,  1-  1;  Manchester  and  ' STYLE=superscript  l  3 STYLE=superscript  ,lp!  Qrs)  5-16  p  ,  Manchester,  Sheffield,  and  1  231  1;  Midland  Railway  Consols,  631;  South  ,K)  Dover,  181;  York  and  North  Midland,  2  5 STYLE=superscript  ;  Canal,  51;  Oldham  Gas  and  Water  Works  (l'  e STYLE=superscript  SHARE  rG  PRICES.  ,f0r,  4  0  iaturday,  Norerntr  ~  1  : STYLE=superscript  6  '  •  London  and  N.  W•  •• STYLE=superscript  ••  1 STYLE=superscript  London  and  S.  v  c STYLE=superscript  A  •  e  la,  0,4  Manche  ter.  Lincolnshire  •  '  ~•,o  Midland.  Stock.  •  •  .  •  North  British  •  •  •  '  •  ~•  Do  Preference  . STYLE=superscript  '  '  Norfolks  •  -:'  •  North  Staffordslit  re STYLE=superscript  lo  , STYLE=superscript  Shrewsbury  and,  at'  Do.  L.  and  N.  18 STYLE=superscript  '  4  •*6O  South  E  and  tr  ie  r..  York.  New.,  an  d  ~•  Do.  Extensioo.•  •  A  Do.  p  re  ference  York  and  North  Do.  •  SS  FonElo  l4 STYLE=superscript  Mexican  .  .  ......  •  e  ;;;eri  Spanish  New  Del  Do.  Passives  .  •  •  •  Do.  Threes.  •  •  •  •',.•••„•'  Russians  ......  •  •  .•  Do.  ........  •  •  LANDS  11 STYLE=superscript  •''  it  Agricultural.  •  •  c  • STYLE=superscript  e  •'  l.l  North  B.  Austraw  -, STYLE=superscript  '  Peel  River  •  •  ••  '  •  ,  South  Australia  •  LIVERPOOL  MARKETS.—SATv'  finfV  (Written  expressly  for  the  No  r  th  e  rn  Dail  , STYLE=superscript  i  e  ol  , STYLE=superscript  In  foreign  produce  we  have  to  report  the  bags  Khaur  Sugar,  at  28s  6d  49  cwt.  Nothing  further  has  occurre  d  i  n  Ri  ce  .  el  i  r STYLE=superscript  The  sale  of  300  brls  fine  Rosin  was  postpoli  consequence  of  the  same  not  being  landed.  0  ty  l STYLE=superscript  l  Corrox.—The  busines  s  d  one  t  o  -d  ay  h  a  s  bee,,,  siderable  extent,  the  sales  reaching  7,000  bsr  e  :4°  which  have  been  taken  for  speculation  and  o,f  .  1  change  in  prices.  DUBLIN  CORN  O  We  have  no  alteration  to  report  in  boa'e,;iliti,jo  j  at  our  corn  market  since  Tuesday.  Good  q  u  'oeP  o  r'  denominations  fully  supported  that  day's  c STYLE=superscript  r  ieffol  f STYLE=superscript  middling  and  infenor  samples  of  oats  a  nd  t5,,,i4  a  O,  the  proportion  is  very  large,  can  scarcely  be  P  os  6  00  1 STYLE=superscript  ,  considerable  reduction  in  price.  White  wheat:,  6d  red  ditto,  36s  to  40s;  barley,  18s  6d  to  0  , STYLE=superscript  11'7C  ditto,  12s  to  lBs  ;  bere,  15s  t  o  16  s;  o  ats,  ne:  ee  d  a  to  to  15s  6d;  ditto  tawny,  12s  to  14s  ;  raecio.'  29s  6d;  oatmeal,  14s  6d  t  o  16  s;  b  a  k  e  rs'  J  5  -0 STYLE=superscript  Indian  corn,  10  480  lbs,  40s  to  45s  6d.  THE  FUNDS,  srocK  AND  CLOSI.  ENGLISH  MARKET.  Consols  Account  )  95f  i  Do.  Monty  .  Bank  Stock  ......  ......  216-18  Exchequer  Bills,  L.  •  •  }  5  i  pm.  Do  S.  Three  and  a  Quarter  per  -  .  -  cent.  9 STYLE=superscript  61  i  RAILWAY  SHARES.  Ambergate,  Nottingham,  and  Eastern  Junction  ..  5i  i  Caledonian  56  4  1  Do.  Preference  Bristol  and  Exeter  East  Anglian  ..  17i  f  Eastern  Counties  13  i  East  Lancashire  65  7  } STYLE=superscript  Eastern  Union,  A  Do  B.  &amp;C.  Edinbro'  &amp;  Glasgow  Great  Northern  Bsi  6  A.  B.  Great  Western  83  e  Lancashire  &amp;  Yorkshire  67  i  Do.  Fifths  62  ±  Leeds  Northern  London  Brighton  and  _  South  CO'ast  97  8  ,  Lord  Aberdeen  took  leave  of  the  Queen  L  A  I STYLE=superscript  quitted  the  castle  about  ten  o'clock  for  Loila  ° STYLE=superscript  .;:d  A  A  '  e_j'  Her  Majesty  and  his  Royal  Highness  Pri:forirerA  the  castle  at  half-past  ten  o'clock  this  foreno°!ifer  eri  4  marine  residence,  Osborne,  Isle  of  Wight.  -  - STYLE=superscript  g  by,  illustrious  visitors,  the  Duke  and  Duchess  of  P  l STYLE=superscript  i  n  '  e  t7  3s STYLE=superscript  _,  l  the  eT  ni  h  e  ir  d  the  Queen  and  the  Prince  to  their  101. STYLE=superscript  '0  rer  eaclnuteenGehratse:ignepifiened  the  e  r  Egreacdionost  inctaerl.s.ce)  ao  l  f  a STYLE=superscript  L  M  P STYLE=superscript  hßoi  e STYLE=superscript  r  ser  r STYLE=superscript  .  hd  . STYLE=superscript  R  fr  o  ew  beg  ir  P  e  a  .  trick  Gibson  is  appointed  c°  d  O  lv STYLE=superscript  i  st  residence  Palmerston  in  cCarlton  —  gardens.  had  lto  grand  rden  e  d  .  inner  pa  -, STYLE=superscript  o  , STYLE=superscript  N  r  m  cga  te STYLE=superscript  io  o  COSTOFACRIM  INAL  .T  . STYLE=superscript  in  prisoner  State  in  te  £39  2s.  3  4  2 STYLE=superscript  d  ,  D  o  T  h  h  e  r  e  t  y  Lord  t  ot  Chan  heree  c  t  e  e  l  ry  o  ro  f  h  pa  sit  hp  '  ar  en  i  s  ,en  dt  h  t STYLE=superscript  i(l  sl  i STYLE=superscript  c  i:  te  a  r  t  , STYLE=superscript  ,,  The  Giornale  di  Boma  of  the  15th  state:woc  has  left  the  Palace  of  the  Quirinal,  a  nd  ru  .  Vatican.  Va  D  ie  The  Rev.  Dr.  Crawford  and  Mr.  CharTibe  cate,  are  appointed  to  fill  the  vacancies,  to  0  sa  ti  in  Edinburgh.  s  f  a  cties4  The  public  will  learn  with  pecul  iar STYLE=superscript  Edward  Parry,  the  veteran  voyager  of  the  0  04 STYLE=superscript  been  appointed  deputy-governor  of  j  ()  Observer.  .  s  ap  p..  Mr.  David  Mure,  advocate  (1831),  1 STYLE=superscript  „,  of  and  commissary  of  Perthshire,  in  the  0 STYLE=superscript  ,7-  c  ol  ° STYLE=superscript  Craufurd,  whose  appointment  as  solicitor-  has  been  already  announced,"
