text
"TOWN  COUNCIL  PROCEEDINGS  The  usual  Monthly  Meeting  of  the  Town  Council  was  held  yesterday  in  the  Council  Chamber,  Town  Hall,  SAMUEL  HoLmE,  Esq.,  Mayor,  in  the  chair.  FINANCE  COMMITTEE—The  proceedings  of  this  Committee  contained  the  following  recommendations  as  to  promotions  and  alterations  of  duties  of  officers  and  clerks  in  the  Town  Dues  Office,  consequent  upon  the  dismissal  of  Mr.  McNaughten,  viz..—  Mr.  Craven,  heretofore  Inward  Book-keeper,  at  £lOO  per  annum,  to  be  Inward  Computor,  at  £125,  the  salary  hitherto  allowed.  Mr.  Moore,  heretofore  Inward  Auditor,  at  £5O  per  annum,  to  be  Inward  Book-keeper,  at  £lOO  per  annum,  the  salary  hitherto  allowed.  Mr.  Burgess,  heretofore  Out Outward  ward Outward  Cemputor,  at  £125  per  annum,  to  be  Outward  Cashier,  in  the  room  of  Mr.  McNaughten,  at  the  same  salary  of  £2OO  per  annum.  Mr.  Fair,  heretofore  Outward  Book-keeper,  at  £lOO  per  annum,  to  be  . STYLE=superscript  Outward  Computor,  at  £125,  the  salary  hitherto  allowed,  Mr.  John  Surr,  Audit  Clerk,  at  the  salary  of  £lOO,  to  be  Inward  Auditor,  in  the  room  of  Mr.  Moore,  receiving  in  addition  the  salary  of  £5O,  heretofore  paid  to  Mr.  Moore.  Recommendation  that  the  salaries  of  Mr.  Bezar  and  Mr.  Marrow,  the  General  Auditors,  be  re respectively  spectively respectively  increased  from  £5O  to  £75  per  annum.  Also,  a  recommendation  to  increase  the  salary  of  Mr.  Archibald  Tweedie,  Chief  Clerk  to  the  Treasurer,  from  £2OO  to  £3OO  per  annum.  Recommendation,  subject  to  the  approval  of  the  Lords  of  the  Treasury,  to  gva,nt  the  reversion  of  a  piece  of  land  in  Pilgrim  -street  and  Hdpe-place,  for  the  site  of  a  school  in  connexion  with  the  Liverpool  Hebrew  Congrega Congregational  tional Congregational  Institute.  Recommendation  to  appoint  Thomas  Gri Grisenthwaite,  senthwaite, Grisenthwaite,  Mace-bearer,  in  the  place  of  James  Halsall,  de deceased,  ceased, deceased,  at  the  same  salary  of  £lO  par  annum.  Whilst  the  ordinary  proceedings  of  the  Committee  were  being  read,  several  gentlemen  who  were  examining  the  plan  of  town  improvements  submitted  by  Mr.  Wightman,  were  repeatedly  called  to  order,  but  without  avail.  The  MAYOR  then  rose  and  said—Gentlemen,  will  you  per permit  mit permit  me  to  call  to  order.  It  is  quite  impossible  to  discuss  these  questions  when  a  large  number  of  gentlemen  in  the  room  are  not  paying  attention  to  the  proceedings.  (Hear.)  There  are  some  very  important  matters  on  the  proceedings  of  the  Finance  Committee  which  require  the  serious  attention  of  the  Council.  The  following  letter,  relative  to  the  foreshore  at  Birken Birkenhead,  head, Birkenhead,  was  then  read  :  Office  of  Woods  and  Forests,  27th  Sept.,  1853.  Sir,—Upon  the  receipt  of  your  letter  of  the  27th  ult.,  I  have  consulted  Mr.  John  Stewart  upon  your  proposal  to  purchase  the  rights  of  the  Crown  in  the  foreshore  fronting  the  two  separate  properties  of  the  Corporation  of  Liverpool  and  Birkenhead,  at  the  price  of  £4,000,  and  having  now  re received  ceived received  Mr.  Stewart's  report,  and  that  the  sum  offered  is  the  present  fair  value  of  the  foreshore  referred  to,  I  sh  ill  be  prepared  to  recommend  to  the  Lords  of  the  Treasury  the  acceptance  of  your  proposal,  upon  hearing  from  you  that  the  Corporation  have  approved  of  the  proposal,  and  have  duly  au authorised  thorised authorised  the,  purchase  of  the  Crown  rights  in  the  foreshore  in  question,  at  the  price  above-mentioned.  am  Sir,  your  obedient  servant,  CHARLES  GORE.  Hugh  'bray,  The  SURVEYOR  reported  that  the  lighting-up  of  the  Town  Hall  Clock  would  be  attended  with  danger  to  the  structure,  the  portion  of  the  doom  in  which  the  clock  is  placed  being  entirely  of  wood.  Mr.  Alderman  HOLMES  then  proposed  the  promotions  and  alterations  of  the  duties  of  officers  and  clerics  in  the  Town  Dues  Office,  as  above  stated.  Mr.  Alderman  PnocrEit  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  unanimously  agreed  to.  Mr.  Alderman  HOLME  then  moved  that  the  salary  of  Mr.  Archibald  Twecdie,  chief  clerk  to  the  treasurer,  be  raised  from  £2OO  to  £3OO  per  annum.  Mr.  Tweedie  had  been  a  clerk  to  the  Treasurer  to  the  Water  Committee  at  a  salary  of  £250.  and  every  gentleman  who  knew  the  duties  he  had  to  perform,  particularly  Mr.  Preston,  the  Auditor,  would  say  that  he  deserved  the  proposed  increase.  Mr.  H.  BANNER  seconded  the  motion.  He  had  had  ex experience  perience experience  of  Mr.  Tweedie's  abilities,  in  a  very  trying  account  of  the  Corporation,  and  he  (Mr.  Banner)  thought  Mr.  Tweedie  was  one  of  the  most  valuable  servants  the  Corpora Corporation  tion Corporation  had.  Mr.  BIGIIAM  would  oppose  this  increase  of  salary.  Those  already  passed  were  not  so  much  increases  as  a  re-arrange re-arrangement  ment re-arrangement  of  the  offices,  and,  although  there  were  some  of  those  arrangements  to  which  exception  might  be  taken,  still  they  did  not  affect  the  funds  of  the  Corporation  to  any  extent;  but,  in  this  case  of  Mr.  Tweedie's,  there  were  different  grounds,  indeed.  In  the  first  place,  the  present  was  a  time  of  the  year  when  they  should  be  cautious  in  increasing  salaries  (and,  by  the  bye,  this  was  a  good  time  to  oppose  the  increase,  as  lae  was  likely  to  be  supported  by  some  gen gentlemen  tlemen gentlemen  in  the  north  end  of  the  room,  in  consequence  of  the  approach  of  the  Ist  of  November).  In  another  month,  the  Chairman  of  the  Finance  Committee  would  lay  before  the  Council  a  statement  of  the  accounts,  and  lie  (Mr.  Bigham)  Understood  the  surplus  of  £50,000,  which  they  had  two  years  .750...  ago,  had  dwindled  down  to  £12,000  or  £14,000  ;  and  it  was  FOR  BOSTON.  CHAS.  HUMBERSTON,  WILLIAMS  ....  even  doubtful  whether  it  would  be  that.  During  the  last  MARY  ADELINE,  VESPER  600  1300  twelve  months,  not  a  single  month  had  passed  without  an  JOSEPHUS,  PAINE  758  1640  increase  of  salary  being  made.  There,  was  no  gentleman  LEXINGTON.  ThossrsoN  .950  1900  who  knew  what  those  increases  amounted  to.  Would  it  AMELIA,  M'KENziz  6uo  1350  FOR  MELBOURNE,  PORT  PHILIP.  not,  therefore,  be  desirable  to  have  the  names  of  the  parties,  MOORESFORT,  -......2000..—0ct0ber  Ist.  the  amount  of  the  increases,  contrasting  them  with  the  BEN  NEVIS,  HER0N......  -  I  former  salaries  of  the  parties,  and  with  the  amounts  paid  For  passage,  and  all  particulars,  apply  to  JAMES  CHAMBERS  and  CO.,  61,  Waterloo-road  to  similar  officers  in  other  towns.  There  could  be  no  objection  to  this.  Supposing  Mr.  Tweedie  were  entitled  to  this  increase,  it  was  only  postponin  n  cr  it  for  a  month.  The  different  departments  of  the  Council  were  so  many  little  states,  and  he  could  compare  them  to  nothing  but  the  old  Saxon  heptarchy.  Each  little  state  had  a  petty  ruler  and  king,  and  the  consequence  was  they  had  a  Town  Clerk  and  Treasurer  for  each  Committee,  and,  in  fact,  a  special  set  of  officers  for  each  committee;  necessitating  an  expenditure  far  greater  than  was  needful.  (Hear,  hear.)  What  was  the  necessity  for  all  this  ?  As  regarded  the  Treasurer  more  especially,  he  believed  that  the  duties  of  Mr,  Ashlin  and  the  Treasurer  of  the  Corporation  might  be  one,  and  it  would  save  a  considerable  amount.  Besidel,  they  had  had  no  reason  given  for  this  increase.  Why  did  not  the  Chairman  of  the  Finance  Committee  speak  out  ?  Would  any  man  tell  him  (Mr.  Bigham)  that  the  Deputy  Treasurer  was  entitled  to  more  than  £2OO  per  year?  Did  he  do  more  than  was  done  by  a  clerk  in  the  office  of  one  of  their  principal  merchants  ?  Did  he  receive  or  pay  as  much  money  ?  (No,  no.)  But  what  was  the  secret  of  this  recommendation  ?  Was  not  the  Treasurer  an  aged  man,  and  would  the  Com Committee  mittee Committee  hare  recommended  this  increase  if  they  had  a  young  and  active  Treasurer  ?  (Hear,  hear.)  He  (Mr.  Bigham)  did  not  believe  they  would,  and  if  this  case  was  to  be  met  in  the  way  it  should  be,  they  should  recommend  that  Mr.  Wybergh  be  superannuated  and  Mr.  Tweedic,  if  they  pleased,  appointed  in  his  stead.  He  moved  that  this  part  of  the  prcceedings  be  referred  back  to  the  Finance  Committee,  until  the  annual  statement  of  accounts  of  the  Corporation  be  laid  before  the  committee,  and  that  it  be  an  instruction  to  the  committee  to  prepare  a  return  shelving  the  increase  of  salaries  sanctioned  within  the  last  twelve  months.  Mr.  BECKWITH,  seconded  the  amendment.  Mr.  Alderman  Pnocrou  referred  to  the  standing  orders  to  show  that  such  a  return  as  Mr.  Bigham  referred  to,  was  before  the  committee  at  the  last  meeting,  and  therefore  his  complaint  could  not  be  made  good.  Mr.  BIGHAM—There  was  a  return  on  the  table,  but  he  was  alluding  to  the  statement  of  accounts.  Mr.  Alderman  PROCTOR  was  alluding  to  Mr.  Tweedie.  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER  said  Mr.  Bigham  had  referred  to  the  north  end  of  the  room,  but  he  thought  there  was  no  difference  as  regarded  either  ends  of  the  room—he  also  said  that  the  committee  should  be  honest.  Mr.  BIGHAM  did  not  use  the  word.  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER—If  Mr.  Bigham  did  not—  Mr.  BIGHAM  why  put  it  in  my  mouth.  ?  Mr.  Alderman  PARKER—WeII,  straightforward—He  appealed  to  Mr.  Preston,  the  auditor,  whether  Mr.  Tweedie's  work  had  not  increased  to  a  degree  which  could  not  have  been  anticipated.  There  were  the  Bath  and:  several  other  accounts,  and  to  his  (Mr.  Parker's)  knowledge,  Mr.  Tweedie  had  been  in  the  building  up  to  nine  o'clock  at  night  getting  his  work  done.  Mr.  Alderman  PRESTON,  as  the  auditor  of  the  corporation  accounts  for  the  last  two  years,  stated  that  the  books  of  the  Corporation  were  now  kept  in  a  much  more  efficient  manner  than  they  were  The  accumulation  of  work  was  very  con considerable,  siderable, considerable,  still  the  accounts  could  be  audited  in  less  time,  in  consequence  of  the  admirable  system  adopted  by  Mr.  Tweedie.  The  Corporation  would  do  well  in  voting  this  increase.  (Hear,  hear.)  _  _  Mr.  „ STYLE=superscript  Alderman  LANGDALE  also  bore  testimony  to  the  valu valuable  able valuable  services  of  Mr.  Tweedie,  and  said  no  man  better  deserved  an  increase  of  salary..  The  amendment  was  then  put,  and  negatived  by  a  majority  of  36  to  7.  _  _  Against  the  Amendment  :  Messrs.  Robert  Aked,  Thomas  D.  Anderson,  John  Moss,  Oliver  Holden,  Charles  Turner,  James  Tyrer,  Harmood  Banner,  Walter  P.  Jeffreys,  John  Gladstone,  jun.,  William,  A.  Clayton,  Thomas  Wagstaff,  John  M‘Nicoll,  James  A.  Tobin,  John  B.  Brancker,  Richard  C.  Gardner,  Robert  Gladstone,  John  Buck  Lloyd,  James  Johnson,  James  A.  Picton,  Ramyd,  W.  Houghton,  Arthur  Henderson,  John  Stewart,  Matthew  Gregson,  Hilton  Hal Halhead,  head, Halhead,  Edward  Langsdale,  William  Bennett,  William  Pres Preston,  ton, Preston,  John.  Holmes,  James  Parker,  Thomas  Robinson,  Joseph  Cooper,  James  Procter,  John  Bent,  J.  Hayward  Turner,  Thomas  Clifton,  the  Mayor.  For  the  Amendment  :  Messrs.  John  Woodruff,  James  Thomson,  John  Bigham,  Edward  Bradley,  Thomas  Avson,  Thomas  Fleming,  Richd.  M.  Beckwith.  INTOLERANCE  IN  THE  COUNCIL  Mr.  Alderman  HOLM  then  moved  the  confirmation  of  a  recommendation  to  grant  the  reversion  of  a  piece  of  land  in  Pilgrim-street  and  Hope-place,  for  the  site  of  the  school  in  connexion  with  the  Liverpool  ebrew  Congregational  Insti Institution.  tution. Institution.  Mr.  Alderman  PROCTOR  seconded  the  motion,  which  was  about  to  be  put,  when  .  Mr.  Alderman  BENNETT  rose  and  said  he  could  not.  allow  this  motion  to  pass  so  far  as  he  was  concerned.  Mr.  Alderman  HoLmEs  said  they  had  granted  reversions  to  all  other  schools  in  the  same  way,  and  he  hoped  the  Council  would  not  go  against  the  Jews.  (Hear,  hear.)  Mr.  Alderman  BENNErr  rose  to  oppose  the  motion,  al although  though although  he  did  not  expect  to  find  a  seconder.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  was  oppose  to  the  introduction  of  religious  subjects  into  the  Council,  still  he  could  not  allow  this  opportunity  to  pass  without  stating  his  views.  As  had  been  stated  by  Mr.  Holmes,  it  had  been  usual  to  grant  freeholds  for  schools,  or  rather  for  the  sites  of  schools  and  churches,  and  for  this  reason  :  that  by  having  the  freeholds  vested  in  them,  they  might  obtain  from  Govei  nment  certain  advantages  which,  they  held  their  buildings  on  leasehold  land,  they  could  not  obtain.  That  was  a  good,.  sufficient,  and  ample  reason  why  this  should  be  done  ;  and  it  was  also  on  this  condition—it  was  so  long  as  they  were  used  for  the  purposes  for  which  the  ground  was  given  them  as  freehold.  Now,  here  the  parties  came  before  them,  requesting  them  to  give  them  the  freehold  of  a  piece  of  land,  and  for  what  ?  Why,  for  the  purpose  of  building  a  school  for  the  propagation  of  doctrines  which  they  all  believed  to  be  false  and  erroneous  (oh,  oh)  •  in  fact,  to  bring  up  the  rising  generation  of  Jews  in  the  belief  that  our  Saviour  was  an  impostor.  (Cries  of  oh,  oh,  and  order.)  The  MAYOR  :  I  think  we  had  better  not  introduce  theolo theological  gical theological  subjects.  The  question  was,  whether  they  would  do  in  the  case  of  the  Hebrews  what  they  had  done  to  all  other  denominations.  The  value  ofthe  freehold  was  very  trifling.  Mr.  Alderman  BENNErr  :  It  was  not  the  value  of  the  freehold.  He  hoped  the  Council  would  not  mistake  him.  Mr.  Alderman  HOLMES  :  You  can  vote  against  it,  and  not  make  a  long  speech.  (Hear,  hear,  and  laughter).  Mr.  Alderman  Pnocron:  Perhaps  if  Mr.  Bennett  knew  that  they  paid  a  certain  sum  of  money  for  it  he  would  be  satisfied.  It  was  not  given  them.  Mr.  Alderman  BEN  NETT  :  It  was  not  the  money  question  at  all.  It  was  the  grant  of  the  freehold,  and  so  compelling  them,  so  long  as  they  retained  it,  to  go  on  propagating  .  the  same  doctrine.  The  Council  was  aware  of  his  views,  if  no  gentleman  would  second  him.  Mr.  THOMSON  :  Mr.  Bennett's  argument  was  not  worth  a  straw,  because  they  could  buy  land  in  the  same  locality.  Mr.  R.  GLADsron  would  sk  Mr.  Bennett,  could  he  make  the  Jews  Protestants  by  refusing  them  the  ground  ?  (Hear,  hear).  The  MAYOR  rose  to  order.  Mr.  Alderman  BENNETT  wished  to  answer  the  question  if  he  were  allowed.  The  MAYOR  :  No,  no,  Mr.  BIGIIMI  :  Are  not  those  the  parties  who  are  refusing  anything  like  a  reasonable  sum  for  the  projection  in  Hard Hardman-street  man-street Hardman-street  ?  The  MAYOR  :  No,  no.  They  arc  not  the  same  parties  The  TOWN  CLERK  :  It  turned  out  they  were  not  the  same  parties.  They  had  no  control  over  it.  The  motion  was  then  put  and  carried.  Thomas  Grisenthwaite  was  then  appointed  mace-bearer,  in  the  room  of  James  Halmll,  at  a  salary  of  £lO  a ayear.  year. ayear.  THE  RIGHT  TO  THE  FORESHORE  AT  BIRKENHEAD.  Mr.  Alderman  HOLMES  had  great  pleasure  in  proposing  that  the  proposal  of  the  Hon.  Mr.  Gore,  relative  to  the  fore foreshore  shore foreshore  at  Birkenhead,  be  accepted.  At  one  time  they  thought  they  would  ,have  to  go  to  Chancery,  but  now  by  paying  £4,000,  their  right  to  the  foreshore  would  be  established.  Mr.  Alderman  Pnocron  seconded  the  motion,  to  which  he  did  not  think  there  would  be  one  dissentient  voice.  This  amount  was  for  the  whole  of  the  foreshore,  connected  with  the  rights  of  the  property  of  the  Corporation,  and  not  only  for  the  foreshore  opposite  Mr.  Wilson's  yard,  but  also  that  up  to  Woodside.  He  thought  there  would  be  no  discussion  on  the  subject.  Mr.  It.  GLADSTONE,  as  one  of  the  deputation  which  went  to  London,  approved  of  the  arrangement  entered  into  by  .  the  Finance  Committee,  and  he  took  that  opportunity  of  saying,  quite  irrespective  of  the  Government  in  power  at  the  time,  that  he  never  was  more  satisfied  than  he  was  on  the  late  oc occasion,  casion, occasion,  the  advantage  they  derived  in  their  interview  with  the  woods  and  forests,  from  the  circumstance  of  plain,  straightforward  statements  having  been  made  in  that  room,  on  the  subject,  showing  that  the  Government  was  in  the  wrong,  and  that  the  Corporation  was  right.  They  found  on  reaching  London,  that  some  kind  friend  had  sent  Mr.  Gore  a  copy  of  the  newspaper  or  newspapers  which  contained  what  took  place  in  the  Council-room,  and  he  (Mr.  Glad Gladstone)  stone) Gladstone)  had  no  hesitation  in  saying  it  was  in  a  very  great  de degree  gree degree  owing  to  what  fell  from  various  gentlemen  in  that  room,  on  the  occasion,  that  this  arrangement  had  been  so  satisfac satisfactorily  torily satisfactorily  completed.  (Hear,  hear).  Mr.  TYRER  had  great  pleasure  in  congratulating  the  town  on  this  arrangement,  because  there  would  have  been  a  great  deal  of  expense  and  delay  had  they  gone  into  Chancery.  It  was  a  great  advantage.  Shipbuilding,  he  hoped,  would  be  immediately  commenced  on  this  very  land.  They  had  to  pay  £4,000,  but  they  would  get  this  amount  in  rent,  by  the  time,  in  which,  - STYLE=superscript  in  all  probability,  litigation  would  have  been  ended.  GLADSTONE  said,  some  time  ago  he  ventured  to  sug suggest  gest suggest  that  marine  store  licenses  should  not  be  granted  to  parties  who  proposed  to  carry  on  business  in  cellars.  He  wished  to  know  whether  his  suggestion  had  been  adopted  or  not  ?  The  MAYOR  :  I  think  I  may  venture  to  say  very  great  vigilence  is  now  exercised  both  by  the  officers  who  make  the  reports,  and  the  parties  who  grant  the  licenses.  hear.)  The  proceedings  were  then  confirmed,  (Hear,  -  •  WATCII  CdMMITTEE.  The  proceedings  of  this  Committee,  on  .  tho  'notion  of  Mr.  Tobin,  seconded  by  Mr.  Gregson,  Were,  ••evonfirnied  - STYLE=superscript  without  discussion  DOCK  COMMITTBE.  Mr.  C.  TURNER  moved  the  confirniation  of  the  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  of  this  Committee,  which  was  carried  neon.  dis.  IMPROVEMENT  COMMITTEE.  The  proceedings  of  this  Committee,  comprising  the  reso resolutions  lutions resolutions  and  reports  referred  back  for  further  consideration  at  the  last  meeting  of  the  Council,  were  next  read.  They  contained  the  following:,  on  the  subject  of  Town  improvement's  :  In  accordance  with  the  resolution  of  the  Committee  at  their  last  meeting,  the  Surveyor  submitted  a  plan,  sliming  a  proposed  line  of  New-street  24  yards  wide,  and  on  the  natural  level,  commencing  near  the  south  portico  of  St.  Georges  Hall,  and  terminating  in  Dale-street,  at  the  east  side  of  Colonial-buildings,  opposite  Moorfields.  The  Sur Surveyor  veyor Surveyor  also  subrated  a  model,  showing  the  alterations  to  be  effected,  by  the  high  level,  approaching  from  Shaw-brow,  to  Dale-street  ;  and  in  accordance  with  the  instructions  of  the  Council,  the  Committee  proceeded  to  consider  the  compara comparative  tive comparative  advantage  and  disadvantage  of  a,  communication  between  St.  George's,  Hall  and  Dale-street,  being  made  upon  the  high  level;  or  by  a  new  communication  on  the  ordinary  level  and  that  the  following  observations  occurred  to  the  Committee  as  the  most  1  Tomment  to  each  case.  First  :—As  to  the  high  level:—The  formation  of  the  approaches  at  the  north  end  of  St.  George's  Hall,  now  in  progress,  renders  it  essential  that  additional  width  should  be  obtained  at  the  upper  end  of  Shaw's-brow,  and  property  will  have  to  be  purchased  for  this  purpose,  whether  the  level  be  or  be  not  altered.  Second--the  present  approach  from  Dale Dalestreet,  street, Dalestreet,  to  Byrom-street  is  inconvenient  and  dangerous,  Dale Dalestreet  street Dalestreet  forming  the  natural  and  direct  approach  from  the  eastward  to  the  Town  Hall.  That  the  abrupt  descent  in  Shaw's-brow,  causes  it  to  be  comparatively  little  used.  Third:—The  bridge  as  proposed,  would  give  a  road  upon  an  easy  descent  from  the  north  end  of  St.  George's  Hall  into  Dale-street,  westward  of  Hatton-garden.  Fourth  :  The  Corporation  have  already  purchased  the  property  ,on  the  south  side  of  Dale-street,  between  Crosshall-street,  and  Sir  Thomas's-buildings,  and  have  thus  the  means  of  making.  that  Street,  between  those  points,  of  the  news  Fifth  :—They  have  also  purchased  the  Gas  Works  on  ti  north  side  of  Dale  street,  and  arc  thus  enabled,  to  -  derable  extent,  to  widen  Hatton-garden.  Sixth  :—lf  o.  improvements  were  effected,  a  direct  line  upon  an  easy  gra gradient  dient gradient  would  be  afforded  for  the  very  heavy  traffic,  from  the  north  end  of  the  town,  over  the  proposed  bridge  to  the  east eastward.  ward. eastward.  Seventh  :—The  bridge  itself,  would  form  a  fine  architectural  feature,  and  afford  a  beautiful  view  of  the  Hall.  The  only  serious  objection  that  would  present  itself,  is  the  supposed  injury  to  the  property  in  Byrom-street,  and  the  Old  Haymarket,  but  it  will  be  seen  from  the  model,  that  a  convenient  access  for  Vehicles  and  foot  passengers,  could,  if  thought  necessary,  be  given  from,  and  to  the  top  of  Shaw's-brow,  to  the  Old  Haymarket,  and  Byrom-street,  which  would  obviate  this  supposed  injury,  and  the  property  in  the  direct  line  would  be  to  the  proposed  New  Street  on  the  natural  level;  First  :—That  it  cuts  through  a  mass  of  property  in  which  it  is  very  desirable  to  make  improvements.  Second  :—That  it  would  connect  the  great.line  of  Dale-street,  with  White Whitechapel,  chapel, Whitechapel,  Church-street,  and  other  central  thoroughfares  ;  the  present  communication  between  which,  is  extremely  circu circuitous,  itous, circuitous,  difficult  and  inconvenient.  Third  :—That  it  would  afford  a  commodious,  and  easy  access  from  St.  George's  Hall,  and  from  the  London  and  North  Western  Railway  Station,  to  the  Town  Hall,  the  Landing  Stage,  and  Tithebarn-Street  Railway  Station.  F  o  u  r  th  :  —Th  e  ''disadvantages  are,  the  great  expense,  and  the  inferiority_  of  gradients‘.:  !sary  width"
