text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  or  three  members  of  the  board  could  at  any  time  convene  a  meeting.  Mr.  DENTON  :  All  I  want  is,  that  Mr.  Bradley  should  not  make  use  of  this  board.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  There  is  a  public  charge  ;  it  is  a  charge  against  this  board  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  No,  no.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Will  you  state  distinctly  it  is  not  a  charge  against  this  board.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  He  would  not.  He  knew  nothing  about  it.  He  was  answering  Mr.  Denton's  objections.  Mr.  Denton  said  it  was  a  thing  they  had  nothing  to  do  with,  and  that  they  ought  not  to  entertain  it  at  all.  They  had  been  summoned  together,  and  he  had  attended  at  very  great  inconvenience  ;  and  if  they  could  end  this  in  a  way  agreeable  to  the  feelings  of  all  the  vestry,  he  thought  they  should  do  so.  It  would  answer  all  purposes.  Mr.  DENTON  said  if  Mr.  Moss's  motion  stopped  at  the  words,  board  cannot  entertain  the  question  in  its  pre present  sent present  he  would  agree  to  it.  After  some  further  conversation,  Mr.  Moss's  proposition  was  allowed  to  stand  as  the  original  motion,  and  Mr.  Denton  moved,  and  Mr.  Hand  seconded,  that  all  the  words  of  the  motion  following  in  its  present  form  should  be  expunged.  On  a  division  the  amendment  was  carried  by  a  majority  of  9  to  4.  Mr.  Moss  :  I  withdraw  the  objectionable  part  of  it,  and  let  us  come  to  a  unanimous  conclusion.  (Laughter.)  Mr.  DENTON  could  not  agree  to  that;  the  amendment  had  been  carried,  and  Mr.  Moss  could  not  now  say  that  he  with withdrew  drew withdrew  it.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  You  must  agree  to  it  as  long  as  it  is  withdrawn.  Mr.  Moss  :  If  you  have  your  own  way  what  more  do  you  want.  The  CHAIRKA.N  :  Do  you  press  it  ?  Mr.  DENTON  :  I  do.  Mr.  Moss  :  I  withdraw  it.  Let  us  be  unanimous.  Mr.  BRADLEY  :  Withdraw  it.  The  CHAIRMAN  then  vacated  the  chair,  leaving  the  re reporters  porters reporters  to  Beside  whether  the  matter  had  been  unanimously  agreed  to,  or  whether  the  board  on  a  division  had  agreed  to  expunge  the  objectionable  part  of  the  resolution.  SERIOUS  CHARGE  OF  ASSAULT  AGAINST  AN  ATTORNEY.  At  the  Police  Court,  yesterday,  Mr.  Walter  Robert  Crouch,  a  surgeon  to  the  Northern  Hospital,  summoned  Mr.  John  Yates,  sen.,  solicitor,  for  an  assault  on  Friday,  the  4th  inst.  Complainant  swore  that  on  the  day  named  he  called  at  Mr.  Yates's  office,  to  ask  if  he  would  pay  him  a  guinea,  due  to  a  medical  friend  of  his,  Mr.  Walls,  for  giving  evidence  in  a  case.  He  said,  also,  that  he  had  a  letter  from  Mr.  Aspinall,  barrister,  justifying  the  payment.  Mr.  Yates  denied  the  statement,  and  said  it  was  untrue.  Mr.  Crouch  said  you  swear  that  and  this  irritated  Mr.  Yates,  who  rushed  at  the  complainant,  took  him  by  the  throat,  and  dragged  him  towards  the  door.  He  afterwards  offered  Mr.  Crouch  half  a  guinea  as  payment  of  the  claim,  which  he  refused.  There  was  no  one  in  the  room  at  the  time  but  a  clerk,  and  a  lady  and  child  were  in  an  outer  office.  Mr.  Owen,  who  appeared  for  the  defendant,  in  cross crossexamination,  examination, crossexamination,  elicited  that  Mr.  Crouch  had  said  that  Mr.  Yates  was  a  disgrace  to  his  profession,  but  this  was  after  the  assault  had  been  committed.  John  Jones,  clerk  to  Mr.  Yates,  was  examined,  and  de deposed  posed deposed  to  very  violent  and  irritating  language,  which  he  had  heard  Mr.  Crouch  make  use  of  in  the  private  office,  the  door  of  which  was  open.  Mr.  Owen  addressed  the  bench,  adverting  to  the  impro improbable  bable improbable  nature  of  the  charge,  made  by  a  young  man  against  an  old  man  of  the  highest  respectability.  The  magistrates  said  they  could  not  doubt  that  an  assault  had  been  committed,  and  observed  that  the  party  accused  must  be  aware  of  the  very  honourable  position  which  the  complainant  held  as  surgeon  to  an  important  charity.  De Defendant  fendant Defendant  must  pay  a  fine  of  40s.  and  costs.  THE  WIGAN  STRIKES.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.)  WIGAN,  TUESDAY  EVENING.  A  large  number  of  colliers  returned  to  work  this  morning,  but  all  at  prices  given  previous  to  the  strike.  At  a  meeting  of  delegates  from  the  different  lodges  of  the  Miners'  Asso Association  ciation Association  in  the  Wigan  district,  held  yesterday,  at  the  Free  Trade  Tavern,  Scholes,  it  was  resolved  that  all  colliers  should  resume  work  at  the  old  prices,  except  those  employed  at  the  collieries  belonging  to  the  following  firms  :—Messrs.  W.  H.  Brancker  and  Co.  (Walthew  House,  Bispham)  ;  Messrs.  J.  Tayleur  and  Co.  ;  Messrs.  H.  Harrison  and  Co.  ;  the  Executors  of  the  late  J.  Rylands,  and  the  Earl  of  Craw-  for  I  and  Balcarres  (Upholland  C  llliery).  The  men  say  that  the  reason  for  passing  this  resolution  is  that  the  miners  working  at  the  collieries  mentioned  did  not  ask  for  an  ad advance  vance advance  at  the  beginning  of  September,  when  the  notices  for  an  extra  twopence  on  the  shilling  were  given  to  the  rest  of  the  masters  ;  and  that  having  been  kept  out  of  employment  for  two  months,  without  any  act  of  their  own,  they  are  de determined  termined determined  to  remain  on  strike  until  an  advance  of  twopence  on  the  shilling  is  given  to  them.  It  was  also  resolved  at  the  delegate  meeting  that  these  men  should  be  supporte  lby  con contributions  tributions contributions  from  the  whole  of  the  other  men  who  were  in  work.  The  meeting  of  the  coal  proprietors  and  their  repre representatives,  sentatives, representatives,  postponed  from  Friday  last,  will  be  held  on  Thursday  ;  and  it  is  probable  that  if  the  colliers  persevere  in  their  intention  to  support  the  sectional  strike  we  have  named,  the  masters  will  agree  to  close  the  whole  of  their  pits  again  ;  for  the  real  meaning  of  the  new  movement  on  the  part  of  the  men  may  be  this  :  finding  they  cannot  effect  their  object  by  a  general  strike,  they  may  perhaps  think  of  trying  what  they  can  accomplish  by  partial  strikes.  As  far  as  we  can  learn,  the  number  of  men  who  have  returned  to  work  within  the  last  few  days,  or  are  about  to  do  so  immediately,  is  2,142;  and  to  these  must  be  added  an  equal  number  of  drawers,  making  a  total  of  4,234.  The  number  still  on  strike  is  about  762,  colliers  and  drawers  together,  and  the  number  who  have  not  ceased  to  work  (their  employers  having  given  the  advance  from  the  com commencement),  mencement), commencement),  520.  If  to  these  figures  be  added  250  for  men  who  have  left  the  district  since  the  strike  began,  we  have  a  grand  total  of  upwards  of  6,000  persons,  who  were  employed  in  the  pits  of  the  Wigan  district  before  the  turn turnout.  out. turnout.  A  NEWSMAN'S  DOG.  —The  Albany  Knickerbocker  gives  an  account  of  a  wonderful  dog  belonging  to  one  of  its  carriers.  The  carrier,  falling  sick,  sent  out  a  boy  to  deliver  the  papers,  who,  being  unacquainted  with  the  round,  was  accompanied  by  the  dog,  which  stopped  at  the  door  of  every  subscriber,  never  missing  one  in  a  hst  of  600.  At  the  d  oer  of  the  subscribers  who  had  not  paid  for  a  long  time,  the  dog  was  heard  to  howl.  A  SCENE  ON  THE  ESK.—This  well-known  river  has  been  again  the  scene  of  a  matrimonial  incident.  A  Mr.  Blaylock  and  his  daughter  went  on  Tuesday  in  the  family  cart  to  the  shop  .  of  Mr.  Bell,  draper,  Cannobie,  for  the  purpose  of  pur purchasing  chasing purchasing  a  variety  of  articles  preparatory  to  the  marriage  of  the  young  woman.  In  going  from  Longtown  to  Cannobie  the  party  crossed  the  Esk  in  safety,  and,  having  made  pur  chases  to  a  considerable  amount,  they  turned  the  horse's  head  homewards  in  joyful  anticipation  of  the  future.  On  again  entering  the  river  for  the  purpose  of  crossing  over  to  the  other  side,  just  opposite  to  Woodslee,  they'were  caught  by  what  our  correspondent  calls  a  and  tremendous  which  is  a  feature  peculiar  to  our  rapid  mountain  streams,  especially  in  unsettled  and  rainy  weather.  The  horse  and  cart  with  the  living  freight  were  carried  down  the  river  for  a  quarter  of  a  mile,  the  man  clinging  tena tenaciously  ciously tenaciously  to  the  reins.  At  length  the  wheels  were  separated  from  the  cart;  shortly  afterwards  the  horse's  gear  was  burst  by  the  violent  struggles  of  the  poor  beast,  and  finally  the  the  horse  and  cart  were  completely  separated,  the  man  still  holding  fast  by  the  reins.  Miss  Blaylock,  being  washed  near  the  edge  of  the  river,  providenially  caught  hold  of  a  bush,  and  succeeded  in  crawling  ashore  very  much  exhausted  and  frightened.  Her  father  and  the  horse  were  equally  fortunate,  but  the  wedding  garments  and  other  articles  of  value  were  swallowed  up  in  the  flood.  On  Wednesday  morning  the  body  of  the  cart  was  found  about  four  miles  be below  low below  the  point  where  it  went  in.—Carlisle  Patriot.  LYNCH  LAW  IN  MISSOCRI.—Obadiah  Wingo  was  sum summarily  marily summarily  executed  at  Richmond,  Mo.,  by  the  populace,  on  the  15th  October,  for  the  murder  of  a  very  estimable  citizen,  by  name  Benj.  R.  Allen.  On  the  morning  of  the  12th,  Mr.  Allen,  in  company  with  a  friend,  arrived  in  town,  and,  while  yet  on  horseback,  was  accosted  in  an  insolent  manner  by  Wingo,  who,  gun  in  hand,  told  him  he  must  retract  in instanter  stanter instanter  what  he  had  said  about  him.  Allen  replied  in  a  calm  and  mild  manner  that  lie  was  not  aware  of  anything  derogatory  to  his  character,  and  desired  to  be  informed  of  what  he  referred  to,  at  the  same  time  requesting  him  not  to  be  too  rash,  whereupon  Wingo,  without  more  ado,  cursed  him,  and  said,  I'll  make  you  and  on  the  instant  fired,  blowing  off  the  whole  top  of  Allen's  head.  The  exciting  causes  of  the  hanging  of  Wingo  by  the  mob  are  tuns  given  by  the  Xxiaro.,  just  come  to  hand  :  The  prisoner  not  being  able  to  employ  counsel,  and  the  indignation  of  the  whole  community  being  so  strong  against  hint  that  no  lawyer  would  volunteer  lils  services,  the  court  assigned  him  able  counsel,  and  appointed  Friday  for  the  trial.  When  the  case  came  up,  the  prisoner  wished  his  counsel  to  move  for  a  eiange  of  venue.  His  counsel  advised  him  not  to  make  such  a  motion,  stating  that  if  the  motion  were  sustained  he  would  certainly  be  taken  by  a  mob,  and  hanged  without  trial.  Hereupon  he  dismissed  his  counsel,  and  undertook  the  management  of  his  own  case.  He  then  ordered  a  subpoena  for  Mrs.  Allen,  the  lady  of  the  man  whom  he  had  murdered,  evidently  supposing  that  her  deep  distress  would  prevent  her  attendance  in  court.  The  sub subpcena  pcena subpcena  was,  however,  granted;  but  whether  the  attendance  of  Mrs.  Allen  was  procured  or  not  we  did  not  learn.  He  next  stated  to  the  court  that  he  had  learned,  from  experience  in  criminal  courts,  that  the  law  required  that  the  prisoner  should  be  furnished  with  a  flannel  of  the  venire  that  was  to  decide  upon  his  case,  forty-eight  hours  before  the  commence commencement  ment commencement  of  the  trial.  This  requirement  of  the  law  not  having  been  complied  with,  he  demanded  a  continuance  of  the  case  until  the  next  March  term.  At  this  point  of  the  proceed proceedings  ings proceedings  the  multitude  being  satisfied  that  his  only  design  was  delay,  with  an  intention  to  make  his  escape,  determined  to  take  the  law  into  their  own  hands  and  dragging  the  mise miserable  rable miserable  wretch  from  the  court,  immediately  hanged  THE  NEW  IRON  SHIP  TAYLEUR.—It  is  now  an  acknowledged  fact  that  vessels  employed  in  the  emigration  trade  between  Liverpool  and  Australia,  very  far  excel  those  of  other  ports  in  their  construction,  sailing  qualities,  and  beauty  of  model.  The  most  rapid  passages  under  canvas  have  hitherto  been  made  by  Liverpool  ships.  We  owe  this  to  the  great  liberality  displayed  by  our  shipowners.  In  the  internal  arrangement  for  passengers,  to  the  attention  which  is  paid  to  ventilation,  to  the  excellent  quality  of  the  food  provided  for  the  voyage,  and  the  superiority  of  the  captains  and  officers  in  the  service.  No  hint,  which  experience  has  suggested,  has  been  allowed  to  be  thrown  away  ;  and  every  fresh  ship  built  and  laid  on  for  the  voyage,  presents  to  us  some  new  feature  conducive  to  the  improved  comfort  and  health  of  passengers.  This  laudable  conduct  on  the  part  of  our  emigration  houses,  has  been  impressed  upon  us  by  an  inspection  of  the  new  iron  ship  Tayleur,  recently  launched  from  the  yard  of  the  Bank  Quay  Foundry  Company,  at  Warrington,  and  which  is  now  being  fitted  up  in  the  Wel Wellington  lington Wellington  Dock,  as  one  of  Messrs.  Pilkington  and  Wilson's  White  Star  for  Australia.  The  Tayleur  is  one  of  the  largest  merchant  vessels  ever  built  in  this  country,  being  2,500  tons  new  measurement,  with  a  capacity  for  carrying  4,200  tons  of  cargo  on  a  draught  of  21  feet  of  water.  Although  a  three-decker,  having  a  spar-deck,  she  is  only  intended  to  carry  passengers  on  one,  the  main  deck,  which  is  230  feet  long,  by  40  feet  in  width.  These  large  dimensions  enable  the  owners  to  afford  passengers  much  more  than  the  ordinary  space.  Thirty  feet  is  about  the  common  width  of  ships  ;  and  the  ten  feet  additonal  posses possessed  sed possessed  by  the  Taylour  allows  the  space  along  the  middle  of  the  deck,  between  the  two  rows  of  berths,  to  be  wider,  and  the  passengers'  rooms  to  be  considerably  larger  than  usual.  The  number  of  passengers  which  she  is  capable  of  carrying,  ac according  cording according  to  her  tonnage  and  deck  room,  is  680.  She  is,  how however,  ever, however,  only  to  carry  500,  who  will  thus  have  given  up  to  them  the  space  which  would  have  accommodated  180  more  passengers.  She  is,  as  may  be  conceived  from  her  size,  very  lofty,  and  is  well  lighted  and  ventilated.  Side Sidelights  lights Sidelights  have  been  made,  about  eight  feet  apart,  along  her  whole  length,  thus  opening  into  every  room.  A  ventilating  shaft  through  her  foretopgallant  deck,  and  four  port-holes  in  her  stern,  afford  a  constant  current  of  air  through  the  ship;  and  she  has  besides  seven  covered  hatchways,  with  windows  to  open  and  close,  thus  admitting  light  and  air  from  the  deck  above.  Th  ere  i  s  ever  y  facility  afforded  for  classifying  the  passengers.  The  crew  will  be  entirely  sepa separated  rated separated  :  their  berths  being  under  the  foretopgallant  deck.  The  Tayleur  is  divided  into  five  compartments,  which  will  be  separated  by  bulkheads.  Between  the  foremast  and  mainmast  is  the  second  which  will  accomodate  about  sixty,  in  rooms  of  two,  four,  and  six  berths  each,  in  a  very  superior  manner.  In  the  centre  of  the  ship,  first 'firstclass,'  passengers  will  be  accommodated  in  rooms  of  the  same  size.  The  intermediate  and  interme intermediate  diate intermediate  is  also  fitted  with  rooms  of  two  and  four  berths  each  ;  and  a  few  steerage  passengers  will  be  carried  in  the  space  from  a  little  aft  the  foremast  to  the  bows  of  the  ship.  There  is  a  keparate  access  from  the  deck  to  all  the  compart compartments.  ments. compartments.  In  the  fittings-up  of  the  rooms,  &amp;c.,  adornment  has  not  been  spared,  which  will  aid  in  imparting  a  cheerful  aspect  to  the  ship.  The  accommodation  on  the  spar-deck  above,  which  will,  doubtless,  be  the,  chief  resort  of  the  pas passengers  sengers passengers  in  fine  weather,  is  unusually  great,  affording  an  al almost  most almost  uninterrupted  promenade  of  nearly  230  feet  in  length.  It  is  fitted  up  with  a  saloon  aft,  which  will  contain  the  captain  and  chief  officer,  and  a  limited  number  of  first  cabin  passengers.  This  saloon  is  admirably  ventilated,  with  win windows  dows windows  all  round,  and  two  skylights.  A  portion  of  it,  aft  of  all,  is  fitted  up  with  sofas  as  a  lounging  room,  and  other  conveniences  for  the  accommodation  of  the  passengers.  The  cooking  galley  is  on  this  deck,  forward,  and  is  capable  of  providing  for  the  physical  wants  o  f  1000  persons,  if  re required.  quired. required.  As  a  whole  the  Tayleur  is  one  of  the  finest  vessels  ever  launched  ;  and,  since  her  arrival  in  this  port,  has  eli elicited  cited elicited  the  warm  admiration  of  nautical  connoisseurs.  She  possesses  great  power  of  carrying  sail  combined  with  sharp sharpness  ness sharpness  both  fore  and  aft  ;  and  we  venture  to  predict  that  she  will  not  only  sail  fast,  but  prove  a  most  comfortable  con conveyance  veyance conveyance  for  passengers.  She  is  commanded  by  Captain  Noble,  late  of  the  famed  clipper  ship  a  gentle gentleman  man gentleman  well  acquainted  with  the  trade.  IRELAND.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  DUBLIN,  TUESDAY  EVENING  RODOCONACHI  v.  SODERHOLM.—This  cage  came  to  a  conclusion,  for  the  present,  yesterday,  and  resulted  in  an  order  for  the  discharge  of  the  defendant,  who  was  in  custody  under  a  judge's  fiat.  Their  lordships,  however,  did  not  ground  their  decision  on  the  merits,  but  acted  in  accordance  with  autho authorities  rities authorities  cited,  which  went  to  declare  that  where,  in  a  ex  parte  proceeding  for  obtaining  a  fiat,  the  per person  son person  obtaining  it  suppressed  a  material  fact,—on  appeal  the  order  should  be  reversed  without  fur further  ther further  inquiry  into  the  case.  Thus  in  the  present  instance,  when  the  plaintiff  sought  for  a  fiat,  he  did  so  on  the  grounds  that  the  defendant  had  been  guilty  of  a  breach  of  contract  by  selling  part  of  his  cargo  at  Constantinople,  and  converting  the  proceeds  to  his  own  use;  whilst,  it  appeared,  du during  ring during  the  hearing  an  appeal,  that  he  had  in  the  sale  acted  under  the  advices  and  by  the  decision  of  the  Swedish  Consul  at  Constantinople,  at  which  place  there  was  an  agent  of  the  plaintiff's,  who  was,  in  some  sort,  a  party  to  the  consul's  so  exercising  his  jurisdiction.  It  also  appeared  that  a  statement  had  been  omitted  to  the  effect  that  Captain  Soder Soderholin's  holin's Soderholin's  'vessel,  the  i\Jinette  was  obliged  to  put  into  Constantinople,  on  account  of  her  having  been  in  an  exceedingly  leaky  condition.  Consi Considering  dering Considering  the  above  omissions,  the  court  accordingly  ordered  the  discharge  of  the  defendant.  An  action  has  been  commenced  by  the  plaintiff,  but  it  is  likely  he  may  not  think  it  worth  while  to  go  on  with  it,  as  Captain  Sodorholm  may  now  sail  away  as  soon  as  he  pleases,  and  his  owners  reside  out  of  the  jurisdiction,  It  may  be  mentioned  that  the  affidavits  on  which  the  fiat  was  originally  obtained,  and  --tho  bungling  in  which  caused  its  after  discharge,  were  framed  in  London,  where  Mr.  Rodoconachi  carries  on  business.  ACCIDENTAL  DEATH.—The  number  of  deaths  from  various  casualties  in  Ireland  has  been  greater  than  for  many  years.  There  is  not  a  day  passes  in  the  metropolis  alone,  in  which  there  are  not  two  or  three  inquests  on  persons  falling  dead  in  the  streets,  bursting  blood-vessels,  &amp;c.,  and  it  . STYLE=superscript  is  calcu calculated  lated calculated  that  on  different  parts  of  the  sea-coast,  during  the  present  year,  nearly  two  thousand  persons  have  perished  by  drowning.  THE  POTATO.—Notwithstanding  the  disastrous  reports  in  the  early  part  of  the  year,  it  is  now  as ascertained  certained ascertained  beyond  a  doubt,  that  the  quantity  of  this  crop  destroyed  by  the  blight  is  very  inconsiderable.  From  Dublin,  Limerick,  and  Waterford,  they  are  being  shipped  for  England  in  large  quantities.  A  COAST  DISASTER.—The  Belfast  News  Letter  says  :—Ou  Saturday  morning,  a  pretty  stately statelylooking  looking statelylooking  brig  was  discovered  by  the  coast-guard  of  Ballywalter  station,  to  be  lying  high  and  upon  a  reef  in  their  own  locality.  On  repairing  to  the  vessel,  it  was  discovered  that  not  a  soul  was  on  board.  On  further  examination  it  was  found  that  all  her  papers,  and  much  of  what  had  been  move moveable  able moveable  within  her,  had  been  removed.  Hereupon,  it  appears,  the  party  took  possession  of  her,  knowing  that  at  high  water  she  would  float,  and  could  easily  be  removed  from  her  then  awkward  position.  By Byand-by,  and-by, Byand-by,  wo  understand,  or  shortly  after  she  floated,  a  number  of  persons,  stating  themselves  to  be  the  captain  and  crew  of  the  vessel,  came  alongside,  desiring  possession  of  the  brig,  which  was  as  sturdily  denied  them.  From  the  statements  that  have  transpired,  we  understand  that  the  vessel  is  a  Neapolitan,  laden  with  cast  iron,  and  that,  hay-,  in;  drifted  upon  the  reef  alluded  to,  from  their  being  no  pilot  on  board,  and  from  a  total  ignorance  of  the  coast,  the  crew  conjectured  that  in  order  to_  save  their  lives  it  was  necessary  to  take  to  their  boats,  and  to  abandon  her  to  the  breakers  !  The  coastguard,  however,  acting  on  a  different  policy,  yoked  to  the  deserted  brig  the  Belfast  steam-tug,  and  in  the  forenoon  of  the  same  day,  had  their  prize  coolly  stowed  away  in  Clarendon-dock,  where  she  is  at  present  lying.  WRECK  OF  THE  CALIFORNIA,  EMIGRANT  SHIP,  OF  Smoo.—The  Sligo  Chronicle  has  the  following  account  of  the  preservation  of  the  third  boat,  which  was  missing,  with  a  part  of  the  crew  and  passengers  of  the  ill-fated  vessel.  The  third  boat  ;  the  jolly-boat,  contained  the  owner  Mr.  Delany,  the  captain,  and  some  passengers  were  picked  up  on  the  mornintr  of  Sunday,  about  25  miles  from  Achill,  by  the  schooner,  Mary,  of  Limerick,  bound  for  that  port.  All  the  passengers  rushed  to  the  life  and  long-boats  thinking  there  was  greater  safety  in  them.  Mr.  Delany  was  unable  to  get  any  water  or  provisions  except  some  ham-bacon  into  the  jolly jollyboat,  boat, jollyboat,  and  the  crew  were  without  provisions  except  the  ham  until  relieved  by  the  schooner,  the  captain  of  which  treated  the  crew  with  the  greatest  kindness.  GREAT  SOUTHERN  AND  WESTERN  RAILWAY.—SinCe  the  fatal  accident  at  Straffan,  the  irregularity  of  '  the  trains  on  this  line  has  been  of  the  most  glaring  description.  At  the  intermediate  stations,  it  is  the  merest  chance  that  the  time  mentioned  in  the  table  is  kept  at  all.  In  this  day's  papers,  a  corres correspondence  pondence correspondence  appears  which  has  passed  between  the  directors  and  Lord  Desart,  in  which  his  lordship  states  that  having  been  detained  at  Carlow  on  one  of  the  trains  until  he  gave  up  all  hope  of  getting  on,  he  forthwith  took  a  chaise  to  Kilkenny,  and  sent  in  the  bill  for  it  to  the  directors,  which,  however,  the  latter  have  bluntly  refused  to  pay.  It  is  to  be  hoped  his  lordship  will  try  to  compel  them.  ANOTHER  SHIPWRECK.—The  Clare  Journal  has  the  following  :—On  Friday  night,  the  Brigantine  Vie  toria,  of  Liverpool,  Owen  Owens,  commander,  laden  with  oats  from  Limerick,  by  a  Mr.  Connell  of  that  city,  and  bound  for  London,  ran  aground  on  a  reef  of  rocks  in  a  small  bay  about  half  a  mile  to  the  west  of  Kilcradane.  lighthouse.  The  accident  oc occurred  curred occurred  about  eight  o'clock  at  night,  in  a  dense  haze,  which,  though  it  did  not  intercept  the  lighthouse  light,  deprived  those  on  board.of  a  view  of  the  land.  Though  there  was  little  wind,  there  was  a  heavy  swell,  which  caused  her,  immediately  after  she  struck,  to  rock  so  violently  that  the  crew,  fearing  that  she  would  at  once  go  to  pieces,  lost  no  time  in  getting  into  the  boats  ;  leaving  the  Victoria  to  her  fate  they  rowed  to  Carrigaholt,  a  distance  of  about  three  miles.  At  four  o'clock  on  Saturday  morning,  the  coast  guards  took  charge  of  the  wreck,  and  shortly  after  the  sailors  commenced  moving  ashore  chains,  cables,  anchors,  spars,  rigging,  in  a  word  everything  portable.  Though  great  crowds  assembled  no  attempt  at  either  plunder  or  theft  was  made.  Though  up  to  Saturday  morning  the  vessel  had  received  no  serious  injury,  there  appears  no  chance  of  getting  her  off  the  sharp  ridge  of  rocks  on  which  she  lies.  Mn.  LUCAS,  M.  P,  This  gentleman  attended  at  Navan,  on  Tuesday,  and  delivered  a  continuance  of  his  lecture  on  the  Industrial  Resources  of  Ireland.  A  scheme  was  set  on  foot  for  organising  a  subscrip subscription  tion subscription  to  resuscitate  Irish  manufactures.  CLON:kIEL  ELECTION-At  present  the  chances  are  all  in  favour  of  Mr.  John  O'Connell.  MIIRDE  R.—Richard  Jones,  of  Wexford  has  been  arrested  for  killing  his  father  in  a  quarrel,  caused  by  a  dispute  on  account  of  the  latter  having  deter determined  mined determined  to  marry  a  second  time.  NEW  KIND  OF  MAIL  MATTER.—A  few  days  since  a  post postmaster  master postmaster  at  one  of  the  offices  on  the  New  London  route  was  very  much  astonished  on  emptying  one  of  the  mail  bags  upon  his  table  to  see  a  nice  little  kitten  spring  out  from  the  heap  of  letters,  and  frisk  about  very  much,  as  little  kittens  are  apt  to  do.—Newhaven  Palladium.  THE  LATE  Sin  C.  J.  NAPIER.—Some  surprise  has  been  expressed  at  the  low  figure,  20,0001.,  under  which  the  per personal  sonal personal  property  of  the  late  General  Sir  Charles  Napier  was  sworn  when  his  will  was  proved,  as  it  was  understood  that  the  gallant  general  had  received  70,0001.  prize  money  from  the  conquest  of  Scinde.  It  appears  by  the  will,  that  50,000/.  had  been  given  away  by  the  gallant  general  before  his  death,  so  that  the  proving  .  of  the  will  under  20,0001.  will  account,  with  the  60,0001.  given  away,  for  the  Scinde  prize  money.  The  other  property,  being  real  property,  is  not  of  course  taken  into  account  in  proving  the  will.  SALISBURY  ELECTION.—The  nomination  of  a  member  for  Salisbury,  in  the  room  of  Mr.  C.  B.  Wall,  deceased,  took  place.  The  mayor,  in  opening  the  proceedings,  remarked  that  it  was  not  a  year  since  when  Mr.  Baring  Wall,  in  soliciting  the  suffrages  of  the  electors,  said  he  should  like  to  live  and  die  in  their  service,  and  he  (the  mayor)  little  thought  that  such  a  wish  would  so  soon  be  realised.  Mr.  W.  C.  Finch  proposed  Major-General  Buckley,  and  Mr.  W.  C.  Fawcett,  a  magistrate,  seconded  the  nomination.  Mr.  S.  Martin  proposed  Captain  Julius  Roberts;  Mr.  Gould  seconded  the  proposal.  Major-General  Buckley,  in  return returning  ing returning  thanks,  said  he  placed  the  most  implicit  confidence  in  Lord  Aberdeen's  ministry,  which  he  should  support,  believ believing  ing believing  that  it  would  promote  the  real  welfare  of  the  country  at  large.  He  would  not  vote  against  the  ballot,  if  he  could  not  conscientiously  vote  for  it.  Captain  Roberts  told  the  elec electors  tors electors  that  he  came  forward  as  an  independent  and  honest  man,  and  that  it  would  be  his  study  to  follow  the  example  of  the  late  member.  The  mayor  declared  the  show  of  hands  to  be  in  favour  of  Captain  Roberts,  but  a  poll  was  demanded  for  Major-General  Buckley,  and  was  fixed  for  yesterday."
