text
"POLICE  COU  RT.-SATURDAY.  COMMITTALS  FOR  PETTY  THEFTS.—Mary  Price,  for  steal stealing  ing stealing  some  cotton  from  a  bale  on  a  cart  as  it  was  passing  near  the  docks.  Seven  days.  Peter  Jackson,  for  stealing  two  hair  brushes  from  a  shop  in  Whitechapel.  Fourteen  days.—Anthony  Royburgh  for  stealing  a  deal  board,  the  property  of  Mr.  Holmes.  Seven  days.  —Sarah  Alexander  was  remanded  for  seven  days,  in  consequence  of  being  charged  by  a  sailor  with  robbing  him  of  £4  .n  a  pablie  house,  and  John  Kelly  was  committed  for  seven  days  for  stealing  copper  off  a  cart  in  South  Castle-street.  ROBBERY  BY  A  WORKMAN.  —John  Black,  an  elderly  man  in  the  employ  of  Messrs.  Leashman  and  Welsh,  was  charged  by  detective  officers  Murphy  and  Sullivan,  with  stealing  a  quantity  of  block  tin  and  other  metal  from  the  foundry  in  Vulcan-street.  From  information  the  officers  received  the  previous  even evening,  ing, evening,  they  watched  the  prisoner  in  the  foundry,  and  just  prior  to  leaving,  having  worked  after  the  other  hands,  he  was  observed  to  take  up  several  pieces  of  metal,  knock  them  into  a  convenient  shape,  and  deposit  them  about  his  person.  The  officers  searched  his  premises,  where  281bs.  of  tin,  and  one  pound  of  copper,  the  pr  )perty  of  his  employers  was  found,  The  magistrates  committed  him  for  trial.  A  TRICK  WITH  A  HAT.—James  f'Halty,  a  stranger  at  the  police-office,  was  charged  with  stealing  a  hat.  The  prisoner,  on  the  previous  evening,  went  into  a  public  house  in  Tithebarn-street,  where  several  gentlemen  were  in  company  when  the  defendant  volunteered  to  show  them  a  trick  with  a  hat.  As  he  was  only  possessed  of  a  cap,  he  made  a  friend  of  one  of  the  company,  and  borrowed  a  hat  and  pertirmed  a  trick.  But  the  trick  of  the  evening  he  performed  subsequent  to  the  collection,  which  was  that  of  securing  the  best  hat  in  the  room,  placing  it  on  his  head  and  walking  off  with  it,  leaving  his  old  greasy  cap  in  its  place.  He  was  followed  and  given  into  custody,  and  the  magistrates  committed  him  for  seven  days,  advising  him  to  be  more  cautious  with  his  hat  trick  in  future.  INFORMATION  AGAINST  A  CAR-.OIVNER.—W  illiam  His  nett  and  John  Murray,  owners  of  car  No.  505,  appeared  in  reply  to  two  informations,  which  were  laid  against  them  by  inspector  Johnson,  for  plying  for  hire  in  Canean-street,  and  not  having  their  names  and  number  on  the  doors  ;  and  also  for  employing  John  O'Hare,  an  unlicensed  driver,  to  drive  the  same.  They  were  fined  ss.  in  each  case.  O'  Hare  was  fined  2s.  for  driving  without  a  license.  SMUGGLING.—A  man  named  Reterson,  charged  with  smuggling  three  pounds  of  foreign  manufacture&amp;  tobacco,  which  was  found  concealed  on  his  person,  was  fined  305.,  the  value  of  the  tobacco,  or  in  default,  to  be  imprisoned  for  fourteen  days.  On  Thursday,  at  the  borough  sessions,  the  recorder  repri-:  mamled  Mr.  Campbell,  an  attorney,  for  having  applied,  in  the  case  of  a  prisoner  in  custody  for  felony,  to  have  a  watch,  found  on  him,  but  which  formed  no  part  of  Vie  stolen  pro property,  perty, property,  given  up,  to  enable  the  man  to  obtain  money  for  his  defence.  The  Recorder  made  the  order,  the  watch  was  given  up,  and  then  the  Recorder  found  that  Mr.  Campbell  had  already  had  3  gnineas  towards  the  defence.  His  wor worship  ship worship  said  a  deception  had  been  practised.  lie  ordered  the  watch  to  be  restored  by  Mr.  Campbell,  and  said  he  would  consider  whether  or  not  he  would  not  suspend  him  from  practice  in  his  court."
