text
"re  those  days,  according  fd  promises  given  by•my  father,.  of  M.  de  Florae,  -  gotnetimes  I  have  heard  of  your  c..  One  of  my  parents,  M.  de  F  , STYLE=superscript  ,  who  took  service  in  the  lish  India,  has  entertained  ice*  of  you  ;  he  informed  me  haw  yet  a  young  man  you  won  lan  - STYLE=superscript  reat  Argom  and  Bhartpoitr  ;  how  you  escaped  to  death  at  Laswari.  I  have  followed  them,  sir;  oti  the  map.  I  have  taken  part  in  your  victories  and  tmf  b  e*lory,  Ali  lam  not  so  cold,  but  my  heart STYLE=superscript  has STYLE=superscript  tre STYLE=superscript  m  . STYLE=superscript  bled  for  tour  dangers;  not  so  aged,  but  I  remember  th,  young  man  who  learned  from  the  pupil  of  Frederic  the  firs  rudiments  of  war.  Your  great  heart,  your  love  of  truti  yadricouraße  were  your  own.  None  had  to  -teach  you  tho  *  which  a  good  God  had  endowed  you  father  is  dead  eti:L.  He.  +  see  France  before  to  I  have  read  in  the  taglish  journals  not  only  that  rot  are  manned,  but  that  you  hare-  a  son.  Permit  me  to  send  to  your  wife,  to  your  child,  these  accompanying  tokens  of  an  obi  friendship.  I  have  seen  that  Mistrets  Newcome  was  wi widow;  dow; widow;  And  am  not  sorry  of  it.  My  friend,  I  hope  there  wa  riot  that  difference  of  age  between  your  wife  ar  hate  known  in  other  unions.  I  pray  the  go'  I  hold  VOTI  always  in  my  memory  I  becanie  thelvift  cte  many  years  wis  permitted  to  past.cOmes  back  to  m(  a  soft-voice,  and  brown  eyes  smiling  plains  of  Blackheath,  ber  door  as  my  father  talks  to  you  in  our  liia  studies.  trod:  from  my  window,  and  see  you  depart.  My  sons  are  men  :  one  follows  the  profession,  of  ari  one  has  embraced  the  ecclesiastical  ,  nf  state  ;  my  daughter  herself  a  - STYLE=superscript  mother.  I  - STYLE=superscript  remember  this,  wa  s  your  birthday  tor  11  I  see  a  noble  young  man,  I  see  the  Thames,  id  the  I  listen  and  pray  at  my  eham ehamcabinet  cabinet ehamcabinet  of  have  made  myself  a  lit  many  years  of  absence,  lit  aLt  .  )11  FLORA('  (Yee  L.  de  1  mi  •  MANCHESTER  FREE  GRAMMAR  SC11(  sevent  -  .  cated  at  the  Free  Grammar  aenooi,  ..manenester,  Wednesday  evening,  at  the  Palatine  Hotel,  Ilan  The  stewards  were,  the  Rev.  James  Felliott,  M.A.,  house,  and  Robert  S.  Sowler,'Esq.,  barrister-at-14w.  Austrian  envir(  my  of  these  est  which  form  the  imperial  dominior  The  condition  (  is;  the  condition  the  increase  of"
