text
"THE  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES.  We  are  enabled  to  state,  froin  the  best  authd  :  rit.35  . STYLE=superscript  ,  that  the  GOveinnint,  moved  at  length  unanimous  voice  of  the  country,  and  now  awake  tc  the  insidious  deSigns  of  Russia,  have  sent  powers  to  tlie  British  Ambassador  at  Constanti.  nople  to  act  more  energetically  in  support  of  - STYLE=superscript  the  Turks:  The  GoVei'nnient  have  ithio  dispatelied  a  m.essetiger  to  Viee-Adrnjral  lundas,  at  Besika  Bay,  via  Marseilles  arid  Malta,  with  despatches,  infocm,  ing  him  of  the  instructions  sent  to  Lard  de  Red Redcliff,  cliff, Redcliff,  and  enjoining  the  gallant  admiral  to  be  reoi  7  ness  to  attend  instantly  to  any  requisition  that  the  Ambassador  may  niake  to  hint)  to  proceed  to  Corr Corrstantinopld  stantinopld Corrstantinopld  *ltli  the  entire  force  Und  ex'  his  comnititnil  It  is  expected  that  by  the  time  the  Government  messenger  reaches  Admiral  Dundas,  the  fleet  will  be  under  weigh  for  the  Bosphorus,  and  hostilities  will  have  'commenced.  We  are  further  enabled  .0  state,  that  orders  ...  .  haVe  been  sent  to  Admiral  Corry,  to  take  the  whole  of  the  fleet  under  his  command,  including  - STYLE=superscript  .  the  division  of.  powerful  screw  ships,  and  proceed  to  sea  to-morrow,  .the.2Bth  inst.  We  believe  a  portion  of  this  fleet  will  proceed  nerthWard,  and  perliap  . STYLE=superscript  s_  another  to  • STYLE=superscript  Gibralta,  or  Malta.  Other  screw-  line lineof-battle  of-battle lineof-battle  ships  will  be  immediately  commissioned  for  active  .  The  Herald,  of  all  the  Metropolitan  morning  papers,  notwithstanding  its  hostilily  to  Lord  Aber Aberdeen's  deen's Aberdeen's  administration,  possesses  the  best  admiralty  intelligence  ;  and  we  have.  no  doubt  that  this  an.-  nouncement  is  made  upen  indisputable  authority.  The  importance  of  it,  at  this.  moment,  cannot  - STYLE=superscript  be  exaggerated,  particularly.  of  the  fact  that  orders  have  been  given  for  a  portion  of  the  screw-steamer  squadron,  how  at  Cork,  to  proceed  towards  the  Baltic.  This  looks  like  a  blockade  ;  and,  as  if  the  endurance  of  the  British  Government  was,  at  last,  fairly  exhausted,  FRANCE.  (FROM  OUR  OWN  CORRESPONDENT.)  PARIS,  BATURDAT  The  French  journals  of  this  morning  sliow  much  discouragement;  but  the  Assemble  Nationale  (sup (supposed  posed (supposed  to:be  in  the  interest  of  Russia)  still  clings  to  the  hope  of  some  pacific  arrangement  being-.hit  upon  at  Olmutz.  This  journal'  argues  that  the  real  friends  of  Turkey  would  have  acted  more  wisely  in  counselling  •to  her  a  more  humble  policy.  The  Pays  (Journal  de.  'Empire)  condemns  Severely  the  reported'  conduct  of  the  Ullemas,  and  points  to  the  necessity  of  - STYLE=superscript  upholding  the  power  of  the  sultan  against  the  turbulent  efforts  of  faction.  The  Moniteur  reports  the  progress  of  the  Ern=  .  peror  and  Empress,  and  the  'acclamations  or  - STYLE=superscript  an  admiring  people,  whose  enthusiasm  is  still  main maintained  tained maintained  at  fever  heat..  •  The  clergy,  as  usual,  tape  the  lead.  Here  is  the  concluding,  passage  of  .  the  address  of.  M.  Palisis,  bishop  of  Arias  .  we  admire  you  as  man,  we  venerate  you.  as  Prince  but  as  the  instrument  of  the  immense  blessings  01  God,  we  - STYLE=superscript  bless  - STYLE=superscript  you  with  Here  is  a  speci*n  of  the  inscriptions  on  an  arch  victores  Ocesare  Galli  '  -.  •  Augustum  videat  Gallia  pace  ,_  Another,  in  p.ani,;.li,'ln  compliment  to  th  e  Empress  Auguste  Imperador  ;  -  Arras  to  benedice,  to  ama,  .  Y  entusias-mada  te  . STYLE=superscript  acclama,  -  .•  •  De  la  Francia  el  salvador.  Salve  a  ti,  noble  Espagnola,  '  •  Digna  del  •  trono  del  mundO  ;  La  l  i STYLE=superscript  rancia  in  amor  profundo,  .  ..  •Ati  si  da,  ati  si  Poor  France;  . STYLE=superscript  alas  !  has  nothing  left  to  immolate  . STYLE=superscript  ,  laving  long  sinee.immolated  all  her  'liberties  to  the  Emperor  himself.  Their  Majesties  reached  Lille  it  half-past  four  yesterday.  The  Journal  des  Chemins  de  fer  gives  the  receipts  )f  the  principal  lines  Northern  Rouen  Havio  Lyons  80Y,172--Excesss  over  last  year  284;052  If  ))  122,880  /,  ,  484  698  ,  2)  106,480  40,091  19,639  53,341  Oilcans  ....  ..682:955  77  I,  „  „  296,2.03  Bale  ...  0,107  7)  »  ~  4,980  Strashargh  ..  593,329  77  11  ~  142,834  Western  ...  192,800  If  If  17  60,220  This  journal,  in  announcing  the  dividend  of  30f.  on  Orleans  shares,  for  the  first  half  year;  :anticipates  a  brilliant  career  for  that  line,  calculating  a  pro probable  bable probable  dividend  of  -40  f  for  the  second  half  year,  which  would  amount  to  70f,  with  the  prospect  of  realizing  80  and  even  90f  hereafter.  .If  the  divi dividend  dend dividend  this  year  be  70f,  it  is'equivalent  to  about  . STYLE=superscript  4i.s:  per  cent,  at  .the  present  price  of  1225.  ..  In  the  weekly  report  of  the  Market,  notice-is  taken  of  a  'difference  of  about  £1  in  the  price  of  Strasburgs,  in  London  and  Paris.  There  is  •no  further  intelligence  of  the  f  us  i  on  o  f  the  Normanlines,  but  they  are  expected  to  rise  after  that-has  taken  place.  Letters  from  Vienna,  of  the  19th,  quote  - STYLE=superscript  the  Gazette  de  Constadst,  which  confirms  the  intelli intelligence,  gence, intelligence,  that  the  Russians  had  quitted  their  camp;  near  Bucharest,  and  formed  a  no  th  er  hi  g  h  er  up  the  Danube,  in  a  Westerly  direction—and  that  th;e  Turks  had  made  a  similar  movement.  The  Czar  was  expected  at  Olmutz,  on  thiS  day,  (24th,)  ac accompanied  companied accompanied  by  the  two  Grand  Dukes,  Princes  Parkewitch  and  Orloff,  and  other  notables.  General  Changarnier  has  returned  to  Malines...  SATURDAY  5  P.M  The  Bourse  has  been  affected  by  the  fall  in  Con Consols,  sols, Consols,  and  everything  has  declined  considerably.—  Closing  prices  -3  per  cents,  75.80;  41,  101.50;  Credit  foucier,  045;  Credit  moailier,  743.  Shares=--  Orleans,  1210  ;  Rouen,  1035  ;  Herd,  842;  Strasburg,  932  ;  Lyons,  980;  Western,  710;  Central,  517.  •  •  The  Patric  gives  telegraphic  news  of  the  15th  from  Constantinople,  which  announce  that  the  Bairam  had  passed  over  without  any  disturbance,  and  augurs  from  this  that  there  is  probably  no  truth  in  the  alternative  preSented  by  the  Ullemas.  SUNDAY,  SEPT  The  Constitutionnell,  of  this  morning,  speaks  in  a  guarded  manner  of  the  Czar's  second  notc,  but  ad admits  mits admits  that  the  situation  is  entirely  changed,  and  that  the  Four  Powers  may  have  different  duties  to  perform._  -  Both  the  Journal,  and  the  Pays,  give,  by  antici anticipation,  pation, anticipation,  the  address  of  the  English  residents,  at  Bologne,  to.the  Emperor,  now  lying  for  signatur  at  Alerridew's  Library.  The  address  is  rather  of  a  fulsome  character,  and  it  is  not  certain  that  it  will  be  presented  at  all.  The  exhibition  of  the  works  sent  by  the  French  students,  from  Rome,  takes  place  to-day,  at  the  Ecole  des  Beaux  arts,  and  will  last  for  a  week.  FIVE,  P.M.  —The  contents  of  the  London  evening  papers  have  taken  us  by  surprise.  Decidedly  the  Londoners  beat  the  Parisians  hollow  in  obtaining  the  latest  intelligence.  You  will  have  observed  that  the  fall,  at  yesterday's  Bourse,  was  insignifi insignificant,  cant, insignificant,  but  to-morrow  we  shall  look  out  for  squalls.  PARIS,  MONDAY  EVENING.—AII  Paris  is  in  a  state  of  feverish  anxiety  at  the  aspect  of  the  Eastern  question,  and  .mainly  because  it  is  im impossible  possible impossible  to  determine  what  is  its  present  position:  We  know  that,  upon  the  responsibility  of  M.  de  la  Cour,  the  French  Ambassador,  at  Constantinople,  a  portion  of  the  fleets  of  England  and  France  have  passed  the  Dardanelles  and  we  know,  also,  that  the  nominal  object  of  this  movement  is  to  protect  the  foreign  residents  there.  But  .we  do  not  know  how  the  proceeding  is  regarded  by  Russia  or  Austria  —and  here  is  the  point  which  most  stimulates  poli political  tical political  curiosity.  There  can  be  no  doubt  that  it  is  an  infraction  of  the  treaty  of  1841.  Nor  can  there  be  much  doubt  that,  in  a  few  days,  after  it  is  known  by  Russia,  M.  de  Nesselrode  will  issue  another  State  paper,  in  which  he  will  defend  the  continued  occu occupation  pation occupation  of  the  Principalities,  on  the  ground  of  this  fact.  If,  according  to  Russian  notions,  the  anchor anchoring  ing anchoring  of  the  British  fleet  at  Besika,  and  of  the  French  fleet  in  the  same  vicinage,  was  a  construc constructive  tive constructive  violation  of  the  treaty,  which  justified  the  invasion  of  the  Principalities,  much  more  may  the  actual  presence  of  the  allied  squadrons,  before  Constantinople,  be  urged  as  a  reason  for  retaining  possession  of  the  Turkish  territory.  Thus,  out  of  one  primary  wrong,  there  arises  numerous  col collateral  lateral collateral  criminations  and  recriminations,  which  do  but  embarass  the  situation.  It  is  said  here,  that  Anstria  *views,  with  serious  displeasure,  this  de decisive  cisive decisive  step,  on  the  part  of  France  and  England  ;  and  that  Count  Buol  had  sent  an  intimation  from  Vienna,  beforehand,  both  to  London  and  Paris,  that  if  any  measure  of  this  sort  were  to  be  actually  taken,  the  Emperor  would  order  an  advance  of  troops  into  Servia.  The  quarter  from  whence  this  .  statement  proceeds,  is  one  entitled  to  cre  dit  ;  an  d  I  place  considerable  faith  in  it.  It  only  requires  •  some  such  step,  or  some  such  deelaration,  to  com  plete  the  alliance  between-Austria,  and  Russia.  On  the  whole,  after  what  has  occurred  with  the  fleet,  the  turn  opinion  here,  is,  that  all  the  Powers  are  too  far  committed  to  enable  them  to  avoid  war.  .  .  .  .There  is  a  certain  party  here,  of  course  Russia]  which  is  continiially  putting  forth  bruits  of  div  signs  between  trance  inid•  England  according  to  these  people,  •  there  1  Sometin  standing  in  London  ;  then  it  is  at  Vienna;  next STYLE=superscript  Paris  ;  and,  last  of  all,  at  Constantinople  persons  see  the  minutest  occumences  at  any  (  these  places  only-  throligh•St,  .Poiersilurg.  JUE  now,  they  have  found  out  a  malapropoOts  thej  Call  it,  which  signifies  some  coolness  between  France  and  England.  They  have,  positively,  dis  covered  thdt,  Lard  Stuart  de  fledcliffe,  gave  f.  dinner,  on  the  10th,  At  Constantinople;  to  the  Turkish  Ministers,  acid  that,  ht  thiS  dinner,  he  paid  distinguished  attention  to  tliza  Pastra,  ci-devant  minister,:  whom  he,  formerly,  resisted  with  all  his  might,  and  eVen  persecuted  after  his  fall.  It  is  perfectly  astonishing,  to  us  Englishmen.  that  the  violence  of  party  shotad  blind  the  jUdg jUdgment  ment jUdgment  of  sensible  men,  upon  Snell  indifferent  things  as  the  entertainments  which  our  ministers  abroad  give  to  .distinguished  personS.  We  never  dream  of  interpreting  them,  except  in  very  special  cases,  by  a  pblitieitl  key.  In  the  presdht  efti3e,  this  hos hos'  ' hos'  pitalitY  is  susceptible  ok  Very  coininoti  , STYLE=superscript  place  explanation.  It  is  this—and,  certainly,  it  does  partake  somewhat  of  a  pOlitiCal  . STYLE=superscript  character,  but,  not  in  the  sense  of  coolness;  between  the  ministers  of  France  and  England,  at  Constantinople.  Every  body  knows  that  there  is  great  excitement  there,  and  that  strong  feelings  are-  opposed—sathe  Wish  , STYLE=superscript  ing  for  instant  war  with  RUsSia;  without  biding  for  the  allies  of  Turkey,  and,  some,  more.prudent,  desiring  to  be  guided  only  •by  the  •  determination  of  the  allies,  Now,  in  this  state  of  feeling,  among  .some  of  the  great  men  of  Turkey,  what  Was  more  natural  than  that  Lord  Redcliffe  should  endeavour  to  compose  their  differences  ;  and  heal  their  divi  sioyis,  by  bringing  a  few  of  them  together  ?  Here  is  the  whole  explanation.  Whether  the  - STYLE=superscript  result  corresponded  to  the  design;  is  another  question.  The  Emperor  and  EmPres.s  are  confirming  their  progress  in  the  north.  Their  journey  has  been  a  perfect  ovation.  The  addresses  they  have  received,  are  full  of  adulation,  even  to  fulsomeness;  and  they  have  been  compelled  to  attend  to  the  recitation  of  a  good  deal  of  wretched  stuff,  which  has  been  exalted,  in  honour  of  the  occasion,  to  the  dignity  of  poetry,  only  to  lose  it  again  the  next  hour.  The  price  of  corn  is  higher  in  Frnnee  now  than  it  has  been  for  several  years  . STYLE=superscript  .past,  and  as  a  neces-  ;my  consequence  there  has  been  much  suffering  among  the  poor  here.  The  ,s  you  are  denbtles  - STYLE=superscript  s  aware,  have,  according  to  the  strange  syStem  which  prevails  here,  afforded  what  relief  they  could.  The  costs  of  conveyance.  have  been  reduced,  and  importations  now  come  in  at  a  nom nominal  inal nominal  duty.  It  now  appears  that  things  are  better.  The  harvest  is  much  more  productive  than  was  fore  Seen.  Potatoes  are  plentiful,  and  of  excellent  quality  ;  a  fall  in  prices  is:expeeted,  as  the  far farmers  mers farmers  who  have  been  holding  back  their  supplies  will  have  to  compete  with  the  importations  that  are  beginning  to  come  in  from  America,  and  other  producing  countries.  On  the  other  hand,  but but-6ber'  6ber' but-6ber'  meat  is  10  per  cent  higher  than  it  was  a  fortnight  ago.  .  At  the  'houise  to-day  the  FoUr-and-a-Half  per  Cents.  were  stationary  for  the.  Account,  at  101  f.  50c.  ;  the  Three  per  Cents..  fell  20,centimes—that  is  t0.75f.  65e.  There  has  been  a  good  deal  of  movement  all  day  but  of  no  materiality.  Railway  Shares  are  rather  higher.  The  Emperor  of  Russia  will  Tiobably  protract  matters  until  the  spring,  and  then,  when  the  Weather  permits  the  Balkan.  to  be  crossed,  he  will  set  his  troops  in  movement  against  Constantinople.  ShOUld  the  Turks  commence  their  hostilities,  it  is  thought  that  the  Czar  will  then  declare  Moldavia  and  Wallachia  to  be  annexed  to  the  Russian  Em Empire,.and  pire,.and Empire,.and  seize  on  the  whole  Sof  their  administra administration—ready,  tion—ready, administration—ready,  as  before,  in  spring;  •to  march  on  the  capital  of  Turkey.  A.  letter  from  Berlin  of  the.  23rd  says  It  is  believed  that  the  Emperor:of  ItUssia,  after  having  been  iresent  at  the  manecuyreS  of  the  camp  of  Olmutz,  will  pass  some  tithe  in  our  There  are  now  25,000  men  remaining  in  the  camp  M  oimutz  ;  the  remaider  of  the  troops,  par particularly  ticularly particularly  the  cavalry,  have  entered  cantonments.  Among  the  tents  of  the  officers,  is  that  of  Lieu Lieutenant-General  tenant-General Lieutenant-General  de  Grunne,  which  attracts  great  attention.  It  formerly  belonged  to  the  Grand  Vizir  Kara  Mustapha,  and  was  taken  from  the  Turks  at  the  time  of  the  second  siege  of  Vienna  in  1683.  Lord'Brougham,  and  Lord  Lansdowne,  I  under understand,  stand, understand,  have  .  denied  the  truth  of  the  'rumour  in  cir circulation  culation circulation  here,  that  Lord  Aberdeen  was  about  to  withdraw  from  the  English  ..Ministry:  LORD  PALMERSTON  IN  SCOTLAND.  [PROM  OUR  OWN  REPORTER.]  GlasgoW,  day  afternoon  Yesterday  afternoon  the  freedom  of  the  ancien&amp;  city  of  Perth  was  presented  to  the  Right  Hon...  Viscount  Palmers Palmerston,  ton, Palmerston,  who  was  on  his  way  from  Balmoral  to  Glasgow,  where  to-day  he  received  a  similar  honour.  His  lordship  'reached  the  city  in  the  forenoon,  and  . STYLE=superscript  was  received  by  the  Municipal  Authorities;  Lord  Kinnaird,  the  Hon,  Arthur  Kinnaird,  M.P.,  and  ethers,  and  was  aceoinpanied  by  them  to  the  City  Hall,  where  the  presentation  took  place.  The  Hall  was  crowded  to  excess  by  a  lgrge  assemblage  of  the  citizens,  including  a  galaxy  of  the  fair  maids  and  matrons  o.  •  His  Lordship  on  entering  the  hall  . STYLE=superscript  was  receiVed•With  rap rapturous  turous rapturous  applause  by  all  present,  and  after  the  usual  formali formalities  ties formalities  had  been  gone  through,  the  freedom  of  the  city  was  pre presented  sented presented  to  the.  noble  viscount,  by  the  'Hon.  the  Lord  pro provost,  vost, provost,  who  delivered  a  tasteful  and  appropriate  . STYLE=superscript  address,  in  which  he  briefly  adverted  to  some  Of  the  most  prominent  services  which  Lord  P  a  l  mers  t  on  h  as  rendered  t  o  th  e  'CouUtry,  as  Foreign  Secretary,  and  finished  by  putting  the  burgess  ticket,  enclosed  i  n  an  e  l  egan  t  case  ,  made  from  a  piece  of  the  wood  which  is  said  to  have  formed.  a  part  of  the  honk  in  which  the  Fair  Maid  of  resided  in  former  days.  —After  the  Town  Clerk  had  administered  the  usual  oaths,  •  •  .  •  .  •  Viscount  PALMERSTON  rose,  and  was  greeted  with  the  most  enthusiastic  applause.  He  beghu  by  saying  :  I  can  assure  you,  my  Lord  Provost  and  gentlemen  of  the  Corpo Corporation,  ration, Corporation,  that  I  feel  most  deeply  sensible  of  the  great  honour  which  you  have  just  conferred  upon:  tue.  It  is  a  matter  of  great  pride  and  satisfaction  to  me  to  find  myself  thus  in  some  degree  connected  with  the  great  and  distinguished  body,  the  City  of  Perth,  (Cheers).  I  have  viewed  with  the  greatest  admiration  the  magnificent  country  whi  c  h  surrounds  what  I  may  venture  to  call  your  capital---a  country  which,  com comparing  paring comparing  it  with  the  state  in  which  I  saw  it,---I  will  not  say  how  many  years  ago,  when,  as  a  young  tourist,  I  passed  through  it,---excites  unbounded  admiration  for  the  intel intelligence,  ligence, intelligence,  the  industry,  and  the  skill  of  the  people  who  inhabit  it.  (Cheers).  I  may  indeed  say  that  your  country  is  a  kind  of  emblem  of  your  national  character  for,  while  on  the  one  hand  it  presents  those  bold  elevations•  which  are  the  gifts  of  nature,  on  the  other  hand,  it  exhibits•  the  higher  cultivation  Which  human  skill  can  confer.  (year,  hear,  and  cheers).  My  birthplace  and  my  interests  lie,  indeed,  in  other  parts  of  the  United  Kingdom,  but  I  may  claim,  at  least,  one  kind  of  tie  with  Scotland.  For  what  signifies  it  where  a  man  be  born;  of  what  practical  value  are  his  interests,  if  he  has  not  had  the  benefit  of  that  cultivation  which  education  bestows  ?  Wherever  any  important  part  of  a  man's  education  has  been  given  him,  to  that  place  must  his  affections  recur  during  the  whole  of  his  subsequent  life.  Now,  gentlemen,  it  was  my  good  fortune  to  pass  three  years  in  Edinburgh,  under  the  roof  and  wider  the  instruction  of  that  great  and  good  man---Dugald  Stewart  (Cheers)—a  man  not  more  distinguished  for  the•  great  capacity  of  his  mind,  for  his  power  to  rise  to  the  highest  summits  of  science,  to  penetrate  the  deepest  mysteries  of  metaphysics,  than  for  his  sterling  qualities  of  heart  and  of  disposition,  which  make  talent  practically  useful,  and  which  add  dignity  to  genius.  (Cheers.)  Gentlemen,  the  Lord  Provost  has  been  kind  enough  to  advert  to  some  passages  in  my  public  life.  lie  but  rightly  inter interpreted  preted interpreted  the  sentiments  which  guided  me,  when  he  said  that  I  embraced  readily  and  cordially  those  principles  of  parlia parliamentary  mentary parliamentary  and  municipal  reform  which,  however  much  they  excited  doubts  in  the  minds  of  many  men  at  the  time  when  they  were  broached,  have,  I  think,  now  gained  universal  concurrence  by  the  practical  experience  of  good  which  they  have  conferred  on  all  classes  of  this  great  empire.  (Loud  cheers.)  And  whatever  opinions  any  man  may  have  enter entertained  tained entertained  at  the  time  when  that  great  battle  was  fought,  there  is  not,  I  believe,  an  individual  in  the  country  who  would  now  for  one  instant  contemplate  any  retrogressioninregard  to  these  great  measures.  (Loud  cheering.)  Gentlemen,  it  was,  as  the  Lord  Provost  has  been  pleased  to  say,  my  anxious  desire,  while  the  charge  of  our  foreign  relations  was  committed  to  myhands,  in  the  first  place  to  maintain  unimpaired  the  interests,  and  untarnished  the  honour  and  the  dignity  of  the  country.  But  yet  beyond  these  interests  and  that  honour  there  were  cer certainly  tainly certainly  two  objects  which  I  held  constantly  in  view,  and  which  to  a  great  degree  the  Government  of  which  I  was  a  member  succeeded  in  accomplishing.  The  ;  one  was  to  encourage  the  difftision  of  constitutional  principh  constitutional  government—through  the  countries  of  Europe.  The  Lord  Provost  has  just  said  that  our  efforts  succeeded  in  establishing  that  which  I  hold  to  be  the  best  possible  system  period  :  he  succeeded  in  securing  at  ti  ings  of  ileac  Loua  satisfaction  to  be  present  on  you  in  expressing  your  respect  for  him,  and  in  him  success  in  that  important  situation  which  I  the  councils  of  our  beloved  Sovereign.  His  longer  holds  the  foreign  seals,  but  I  will  yet  et  Secretary  for  Foreign  Affairs  on  behalf  of  people.  (Loud  cheers.)  The  LORD  PROVOST—Permit  me,  in  the  ni  brothel  Magistrates  and  fellow  Councillors  to  th  the  honour  you  have  now  done  them.  We  felt  that  the  step  we  were  taking  was  one  that  was  approved,  and  your  presence  here  to-day,  and  the  honor  you  have  now  conferred  upon  us,  is  satisfactory  evidence  that  you  - STYLE=superscript  all  concur  with  us  in  what  we  have  done.  (Loud  applause.)  Before  retiring,  the  meeting,  at  the  suggestion  of  the  Lord  Provost,  gave,  in  succession,  three  lusty  cheers  for  the  Queen,  her  Majesty's  ministers,  and  the  youngest  burgesi  of  of  the  city,  which  brought  the  proceedings  to  a  close  ;  and  immediately  afterwards  his  lordship  proceeded  to  the  Guild-hall  to  receive  the  freedom  of  the  incorporation,  and  be  installed  a  merchant  burgess  and  member  of  the  guildrv.  the  Brit  auk  you  fo.  universally  -  The,  order  of  investiture  I  lordship  •  was  addressed  by  ted  or  thought  gland.  (Loud  more  of,  than  that  of  the  steer  of  gt"
