text
"THE  NORTHERN  D.  by  the  Western  Powers  ;  the  other  from  France  isaid  to  have  contained  the  positive,  declaration  that  any  attack,  made  by  Russia  on  Turkey  would  be  forcibly  repelled  by  France  and  England.  It  is  even  whispered  that  a  very  intelligible  hint  was  also  given  to  this  government.  A  day  or  two  since  a  measure  was  resolved  on  which  cannot  fail  to  produce  as  favourable  animpression  abroad  as  at  home  when  it  becomes  known.  It  was  generally  felt  that  the  position  of  Austria  might  become  extremely  critical  if  the  suspicion  that  she  had  pledged  herself  at  Olmutz  to  assist  Russia  in  her  un unjustifiable  justifiable unjustifiable  attack  on  Turkey,  was  not  speedily  and  entirely  removed,  and  it  was,  therefore,  resolved  to  give  a  public  and  unmistakable  manifestation  of  the  resolve  of  this  government  to  observe  the  strictest  neutrality.  Accordingly,  on  Sun Sunday  day Sunday  last  his  Majesty  signed  an  order  for  the  reduction  of  each  company  in  the  regiments  of  the  line  to  60  The  Vienna  Wanderer  has  news  of  the  4th  from  Bucharest.  The  activity  of  the  Russians  is  re represented  presented represented  to  be  greater  than  ever.  Government  messengers  come  and  go  in  hot  haste,  troops  ad advance,  vance, advance,  and  reviews  are  held  in  various  parts  of  the  Principalities.  MANIFESTO  OF  THE  SUBLIME  PORTE.  The:  llowing  is  a  translation  of  the  Manifesto  issued  by  the  Ottoman  Government,  announcing  the  declaration  of  war  in  ease  the  Principalities  be  not  immediately  evacu evacuated  ated evacuated  :  In  the  present  state  of  circumstances,  it  would  be  super superfluous  fluous superfluous  to  take  up  from  its  very  commencement  the,  explana explanation  tion explanation  of  the  difference  which  has  arisen  between  the.  Sublime  Porte  and  Russia,  to  enter  anew  into  the  detail  of  the  diverse  phases  which  this  difference  has  gone  through,  or  to  reproduce  the  opinions  and  judgments  of  the  government  of  his  Majesty  the  Sultan,  which  have  been  made  public  by  the  official  documents  promulgated  from  time  to  time.  In  spite  of  the  desire  not  to  restate  the  urgent  reasons  which  determined  the  modifications  introduced  by  the  Sub Sublime  lime Sublime  Porte  into  the  draft  of  the  note  prepared  at  Vienna  (motives  exposed  previously  in  a  note  explanatory  of  the  modifications),  yet  new  solicitations  having  been  made  for  the  adoption,  pure  and  simple,  of  the  said  note,  in  conse consequence  quence consequence  of  the  non-adhesion  of  Russia  to  these  same  modifi modifications,  cations, modifications,  the  Ottoman  Government,  finding  itself  at  present  compelled  and  .  forced  to  undertake  war,  thinks  it  a  duty  to  give  an  exposition  of  the  imperious  reasons  for  that  impor important'  tant' important'  determination,  as  well  as  for  those  which  have  obliged  it  not  to  regulate  this  time  its  conduct  according  to  the  counsels  of  the  Great  Powers  its  allies,  although  it  has  never  ceased  to  appreciate  the  benevolent  nature  of  their  suggestions.  The  principal  points  to  which  the  government  of  his  Majesty  the  Sultan  desires  to  'give  prominence  are  these  :  That  from  the  very  beginning  his  conduct  has  furnished  no  motive  of  quarrel,  and  that,  animated  with  the  desire  of  pre preserving  serving preserving  peace,  he  has  acted  with  a  remarkable  spirit  of  moderation  and  conciliation,  from  the  commencement  of  the  difference  unto  the  present  time.  It  is  easy  to  prove  these  facts  to  all  who  do  not  wander  from  the  path  of  justice  and  equity.  _  _  _  _  _  -  -  -  Even  supposing  that  Russia  had  a  subject  of  complaint  in  relation  to  the  Holy  Places,  she  ought  to  have  circum circumscribed  scribed circumscribed  her  actions  and  solicitations  within  the  limits  of  this  question  alone,  and  might  not  to  have  raised  pretensions  which  the  object  of  her  complaints  conld  not  sustain..  She  ought  not,  moreover,  to  have  taken  measures  of  intimidation,  such  as  sending  her  troops  to  the  frontiers,  and  making  naval  preparations  at  Sebastopol,  on  the  subject  of  a  question  which  might  have  been  settled  amicably  between  the  two  Powers.  But  it  is  evident  that  what  has  taken  place  is  totally  contrary  to  an  intention  of  amicable  settlement.  The  vestion  of  the  Holy  Places  had  been  settled  to  the  satisfaction  of  all  parties  ;  and  the  government  of  his  Majesty  the  Sultan  hadtestified  favourable  dispositions  on  theguaran theguarantees  tees theguarantees  demanded.  In  short,  Russia  had  no  longer  any  ground  for  raising  any  protest.  Is  it  not  seeking  a  pretext  for  quarrel,  then,  to  insist  as  Russia  has  done  upon  the  question  of  the  privileges  of  the  Greek  Church  granted  by  the  Ottoman  government  ;  privi privileges  leges privileges  which  the  government  believes  its  honour,  its  dignity,  and  its  sovereign  power  are  concerned.  in  maintaining,  and  on  the  subject  of  which,  it  can  neither  admit  the  interference  nor  the  surveillance  of  any  government  ?  Is  it  not  Russia  which',  has  occupied,  with  considerable  forces,  the  princi principalities  palities principalities  of  Moldavia  and  Wallachia,  declaring  at  the  same  time  that  these  provinces  should  serve  as  a  guarantee,  until  she  had  obtained  what  she  desired  ?  Has  not  this  act  been  considered  justly  by  the  Sublime  Porte  as  a  violation  of  treaties,  and..consequently  a  causus  belli  ?  Have  the  other  Powers  themselves  been  able  to  come  to  any  other  decision  ?  Who,  then,  will  doubt  that  Russia  has  been  the  aggressor?  Could  the  Sublime  Porte,  which  has  always  observed  all  her  treaties,  with  a  fidelity  known  to  all,  by  infringing  them  in  any,  way,  do  more  than  determine  Russia  to  a  proceeding  so  violent  as  that  of  herself  infringing  all  these  treaties  ?  Again,  has  there  arisen,  contrary  to  the  promise  explicitly  given  in  the  treaty  of  Xainardji,  such  facts  in  the  Ottoman  empire  as  the  demolition  of  Christian  churches,  or  obstacles  opposed  to  the  exercise  of  the  Christian  religion  ?  -  The  Ottoman  Cabinet,  without  desiring  7 STYLE=superscript  tOenier  into  too  long  details  on  those  points,  doubts  not  that  the  high  &#34;'ewers,  its  allies,  will  judge  with  perfect  truth  and  justice  o  n  the  statement  just  exhibited.  As  to  We  non-adoption  of  the  Vienna  note  in  its  pure  and  mple  forniby  the  Sublime  Porte,  it  is  to  be  remarked  that  sthis  project,  although  not  in  every  point  comformed  to  the  note  of  Prince  Menschikoff,  and  while  containing,  it  is  true,  in  its  composition  some  of  the  paragraphs  of  the  d  raug  ht  note  of  the  Sublime  Porte,  is  not  as  a  whole,  whether  in  letter  or  spirit,  essentially  different  from  that  of  Prince  Menschikoff.  The  assurances  recently  given  by  the  representatives  of  the  Great  Powers  respecting  the  apprehended  danger  from  hurtful  interpretations  of  the  draught  note  in  question,  are  a  new,  proof  of  the  kind  intentions  of  their  respective  govern governments  ments governments  towards  the  Sublime  Porte.  They  have,consequently  produced  a  lively  satisfaction  on  the  part  of  the  government  of  his  Majesty  the  Sultan.  It  must  be  remarked,  however,  that  while  we  have  still  before  our  eyes  a  strife  of  religious  privileges  raised  by  Russia,  which  seeks  to  base  its  claims  on  a  paragraph  so  clear  and  so  precise  in  the  treaty  of  Kainardji  ;  which  wishes  to  insert  in  a  diplomatic  document  the  paragraph  concerning  the  active  solicitude  of  the  Emperor  of  Rus Russia  sia Russia  for  the  maintenance  in  the  states  of  the  Sublime  Porte  of  religious  immunities  and  privileges  which  were  granted  (octrws)  to  the  Greek  rite  by  the  Ottoman  Emperors  be before  fore before  Russia  so  much  as  existed  as  an  Empire,  to  leave  in  a  dark  and  doubtful  state  the  absence  of  all  relation  between  these  privileges  and  the  in  treaty  of  Kutschuk  Kai  nar  d  j  i  t  o  em employ  ploy employ  favour  of  a  great  community  of  subjects  of  the  Sub Sublime  lime Sublime  Porte  'professing  the  Greek  religion  expressions  which  might  make  allusions  to  treaties  concluded  with  France  and  Austria,  relative  to  the  French  and  Latin  religions,  this  would  be  to  incur  the  risk  of  placing  in  the  hands  of  Russia  vague  and  obscure  paragraphs,  some  of  which  are  contrary  to  the  reality  of  facts,  and  would  offer  to  Russia  a  solid  pre pretext  text pretext  for  her  pretensions  to  a  religious  surveillance  and  pro protectorate—pretensions  tectorate—pretensions protectorate—pretensions  which  that  Power  would  attempt  to  produce  affirming  that  they  are  not  derogatory  to  the  sovereignty  sand  independence  of  the  Sublime  Porte.  r.„  The  - STYLE=superscript  very  language  of  the  employes  and  agents  of  Russia,  who  have  declared  that  the  intention  of  the  government  was  no  other  than  to  fulfil  the  office  of  an  advocate  with  the  Sublime  Porte  whenever  acts  contrary  to  existing  privileges  might  be  done,  is  a  patent  proof  of  the  justice  of  the  opinion  of  the  Ottoman  government.  If  the  government  of  his  Majesty  the  Sultan  has  judge  d  it  necessary  to  require  that  assurances  should  be  given,  even  if  the  modifications  which  it  introduced  by  it  into  the  Vienna  note  were  adopted,  how  in  conscience  could  it  be  tranquil  if  the  note  were  to  be  retained  in  its  integrity  and  without  modification  ?  The  Sublime  Porte,  in  accepting  that  which  it  has  declared  to  all  the  world  it  could  not  admit  without  being  compelled  thereto,  would  compromise  its  dignity  in  view  of  the  other  Powers,  would  sacrifice  its  honour  in  the  eyes  of  its  own  subjects,  and  would  commit  a  mental  and  moral  suicide.  Although  the  refusal  of  Russia  to  accord  the  modifications  required  by  the  Sublime  Porte  has  been  based  on  a  question  of  honour,  it  cannot  be  denied  that  the  ground  of  that  refusal  was  simply  and  solely  its  desire  not  to  allow  explicit  terms  to  replace  vague  expressions,  which  might  at  some  future  time  furnish  it  with  a  pretext  for  intermeddling.  Such  conduct,  therefore,  compels  the  Sublime  Porte  to  per persist  sist persist  on  its  part  in  witholding  its  adhesion.  The,  reasons  which  have  determined  the  Ottoman.gOvern Ottoman.gOvernment  ment Ottoman.gOvernment  to  make  its  modifications  having  bee  n  a  pp  re  ciated  by  the  representatives  of  the  Four  Powers,  it  proved  that  the  Sublime  Porte  was  right  in  not  purely  and  simply  adopting  the  Vienna  note.  It  is  not  with  a  view  of  criticising  a  pro project  ject project  which  obtained  the  assent  of  the  great  Powers  that  we  enter  upon  a  discussion  of  the  inconveniences  which  the  Vienna  note  presents.  Their  efforts  have  always  tended  to  the  preservation  of  peace,  while  defending  the  rights  and  independence,  of  the  Imperial  government.  The  endeavours  made  to  attain  these  objects  having  been  as  laudable  as  can  be  conceived,  the  Sublime  Porte  cannot  sufficiently  acknow acknowledge  ledge acknowledge  them'  But,  as  evidently  each  government  must  possess,  in  consequence  of  its  peculiar  knowledge  and  its  local  experience,  more  facilities  than  any  other  government  for  judging  of  the  points  which  concern  its  own  rights,  the  examination  which  the  Ottoman  government  makes,  is  prompted  entirely  •by  its  desire  to  justify  the  obligatory  situation)  in  which,  to  its  great  regret,  it  finds  itself  placed,  desiring,  as  it  has  done,  to  continue  following  the  benevolent  counsels  offered  to  it  by  its  allies  ever  since  the  commence commencement  ment commencement  of  the  differences,  and  which  until  now  it  has  followed.  If  it  is  alleged  that  the  haste  with  which  the  Viennft  note  was  drawn  up,  results  from  the  backwardness  of  the  Sublime  Porte  to  propose  an  arrangement,  the  government  of  his  Majesty  the  Sultan  must  justify  itself  by  stating  the  follow following  ing following  facts  :  the  entrance  of  the  Russian  troops  into  the  two  Principalities,  some  of  the  representatives  of  the  Powers,  actuated  by  the  sincere  intention  of  preventing  the  occupa occupation  tion occupation  of  those  provinces,  urged  upon  the  Sublime  Porte  the  necessity  of  framing  a  draft  note  occupying  a  middle  place  between  the  draft  note  of  the  Sublime  Porte  and  that  of  Prince  Menschikoff.  More  lately  the  representatives  of  the  Powers  confidently  communicated  different  schemes  of  ar arrangement.to  rangement.to arrangement.to  the  Sublime  Porte.  None  of  these  latter  responded  to  the  views  of  the  Imperial  government  ;  and  the  Ottoman  Cabinet  was  on  the  point  of  entering  into  negocia negociations  tions negociations  with  the  representatives  of  the  Powers  on  the  basis  of  a  project  drawn  up  by  itself  in  conformity  with  these  sug suggestions.  gestions. suggestions.  It  was  at  this  moment  that  news  of  the  passage  of  the  Fruth  by  the  Russians  arriyed—a  fact  which  changed"
