text
"PRUSSIA  We  have.despatches  from  Berlin  to  the  3rd  inst.,  which  inform  us,  that  at  St..  - STYLE=superscript  Petersburg,  the  Mus Muscovite,  covite, Muscovite,  or  war  party,  appears  to  be  on!tho  ascendant.  The  appointment  of  Prince  ,Mentschiltoff  'to  be-  Governeigeneral  of  Cronstadt,  is  considered  a.,  decided  proof  of  this..  The-  report  is•  confirmed,  that  General  Mouravieff  will  replace  Prince  Gorts Gortschakoff  chakoff Gortschakoff  in  the  Crimea.  The  Czar  is  showering  honoui-s  on  the  general,  which  is  another  triumph  for  •  •  the  Muscovite  party.  The  Prussian  cabinet  exhibits  great  uneasiness  at  the  independent  attitude  assumed  by  Bavaria'  .  and  Saxony.  Baron  •de  •  Seebach,  who•represents  those  Powers,  is  felt  to  be  treated  as  a  principal'  in  the  negociation  from  which  Prussia  is  shut  out.-  The  Pr'us'sian`  Cabinet  plumed  'itself  on  having  seized  on  the  headship  Germany  by  its  neu neutrality,  trality, neutrality,  and  now  sees  Au•stiiii.  'an'd  the  .Secondary  Powers  in  the  closest  union,  The.  state  of  Prince  Paskiewitsch  has  again-becoine  dangerous.  A  letter:froth  •Rerlin;  of  the  3lst,7mentions  :  .  that.  the  propositions  presented  to  Russia  by-  France'{  England,  - STYLE=superscript  a  nd.  Austria,  will  .  be  communicated  officially  to  the  representatives  of  the:  various  Powers  as  soon  as  the'reception  .  they  meet  with  from  the  Russian  Government-is  known.  It  is  probable  that  by  this  they  have  been  so  communi communicated.  cated. communicated.  When  peace  is  made  Russia  will  be  invited  by  the  Allies  to  obtain  fkona  the.  Ottoman,crovern Ottoman,crovernment  ment Ottoman,crovernment  the  emancipation  of  the  Rayahs,  and  the  securing  .  to  them  their  privileges.'  PAIN  By  a  despatch,  :dated  Madrid,  JO,  2,  we  learn  that  M.  Bruil,  minister  of  finance,  had  that  day  presented  a  new  demand  for  the  establishment  of  a  Credit  Mobilier  on  the  part  of  MM.  Prost  and  Co.,  and  of  sixteen  other  banking  firms  of  Paris  and  the  departMents,  as  also  of  several  Madrid  and  Paris  capitalists.  The  prayer  has  been  sub subnate&amp;  nate&amp; subnate&amp;  to  the  same  commission  that  is  charged  wits  the  examination  of  the  Pereire  project.  The  commission  has  a  lt  the,  n  should  nention  that  His  position  ion  of  a  C  pted  the  principle  al  redit  MObilier  :  in,  Sp  not  be  accorded  to  MM.  Pereii  ;es  dated  the  29th  .ultimo,  1  O'Donnell  is  - STYLE=superscript  much  bet  need  -  that  in  a  few  b  elinige(  pieta  1  of  the  usof  of  Con-  )  .hoar  the  ob obties'atfdeted  ties'atfdeted obties'atfdeted  by  tion  is  ,tq,,,be  e  effect  of  call-'  )prove;  the  ye-,  establishment  of  the  duties  on  article  - STYLE=superscript  s'of  consump consumption:'  tion:' consumption:'  'The  commission  appointed  to  report  on'the  Credit  Mobilier  Bill  assembled  .on  the  28th,  under  the,presidenek  of  141  . STYLE=superscript  Santa  Cruz,  and  decided  on  hearing  Messrs.  Pereire  and  Bixio,  and  a  number  of  competent  persons  and  capit  a  li  s  t  s  o  f  M  adr  i  d  before  it  submitted  its  opinion  'to  the  Ceirtes.  Barcelona  is  .  also  anxious  to  possess  a  Bank  of  Credit  - STYLE=superscript  Mobilier.  - STYLE=superscript  The  General  Budget  CommisSion  meets  every  night,  and  is  now  dis-  Cussing  the  estimates  of  the  Finance.  Department,  the  last  remaining  to  be  examined.  The  Duke  of  San  Miguel  was  admitted  to  day  to  take  his  seat  as.deputy  for  the  provin  ce  o  f  O  v  i  e  d  o.  In  reply  to  an  interpellation  rby  M.  Figueras;  the  Minister  of  Foreign  AffairS  declared  that  the  Conduct  of  the  French  Government,  and  the  measures  it  had:  adopted  along  the  frontiers  't6  prevent  thaCarlista  entering.  Spain,  were  perfectly  conformable,  to  the  amicable  relations  existing  between'  the  two  countries.  TICKET-OF-LEAVE  MEN.—A  number  of  the  inhabitants  of  Natal  have  petitioned  the  Queen  that  convicts,  not  being  ticket-of-leave  men,  may  be  sent  out  to  be  crtmloyed  on'the  imn.ovement  of  the  harbour;  and  on  other  public  works,  accompanied  at  the  same  time  by  a  sufficient  force  of  troops  to  guard  and  controul  the  convicts,  and  protectthe  free  inhabitants.  A  counter  petition,  deprecating  the  introduction  of  convicts  into  the  colony,  has  also  been  numerously  signed.  I  ITHERUGELEY  POISONING  CASE.—We  have  received  the  following  additibnal  particulars  in  •  reference  to  this  mysterious  affair.  Startling  as  it  may  appear,  the  names  r  o  e  f  s  n  p  o  e  e  fe  ti  t  n  y  g  e  r  i  t  y  h  h  a  o  n  s  e  s  x  d  t  e  e  a  e  t  n  lj  p  e  b  r  y  s  o  p  n  o  s  i  s  a  o  r  n  e  ma  at  the  n  t  t  h  i  o  e  n  e  h  d  a  a  n  t  d  ß  s  u  o  g  f  e  l  t  e  h  Y  e  .  prisoner  statements  are  made.  The  coffin  containing  the  remains  of  the  deceased  Ann  add  Walter  Palmer  were,  upon  their  exhumation, STYLE=superscript  conveyed  from  the  family  vault  to  the  Talbot  Inn,  at  Rugeley,  and  opened,  in  the  presence  of  the  coroner  and  jury,  in'  the  commercial  room  of  the  inn.  The  coffin  of  .Mrs.  Palmer,  made  of  oak,  was  first  opened.  Having  been  buried  a  long  time,  and  the  gaseous  exhalations  being  able  to  escape  through  the  porous  wood,  th  o  corps  was  comparatively  dry,  and  the  smell  educed  endurable.  On  the  removal  of  the  •outer  c'  ffin  a  hole  was  bored  in  the  •  leaden  receptacle'  in  which  Walter  Palmer's  body  was  confined,  and  instantly  a  most  sickening  and  noxious  efiluviun2  escaped,  which  permeated  the  entire  building,  affected  parties  at  the  other  end  of  the  •inn,  and  produced  a  gi°&#34;&#34;'--  - STYLE=superscript  beet  on  all  in  the'immrdiate  vicinity  of  the  •  -- STYLE=superscript  quently  the  leaden  lid  was  removed,  and  ---  •  -  -  -  bsolutell  spectacle  lfed  by  ruled  as  to  extend  to  e  and  the  ,  mouth  6n;  one  eye  was  opened►  .esenting  the  appearance  ir9pcirtions,  and  I  h  limb  was  swollen  lit  was  revolting  ere  afflicted  vtith  interment:  of  the  fumit.oations`cgicl  Dk  afterwards  the  opened  strongV  the  ebief•of  the  del  ADMINIStRAiI  14R-1  t  ctespateb.  from  llambur  states  that  the  I STYLE=superscript  Grana  Lead  of  the  ---...  et  ituss  cir STYLE=superscript  cular  to  it  s  several  .  urviucy STYLE=superscript  department  all  reports  shall  contain  the  naked  Defent..---,  •  glossed  over  Officials  di  dimissed  tl  To  -cl  a  y  tI  quota  t  Thre  e  per  G  mism  Uig  the  i.  , STYLE=superscript  ,rc,_  !confirm  -what  I  government  haying,  -  Mat  anything,  good  wit  i  .  pi STYLE=superscript  :  o STYLE=superscript  p  o STYLE=superscript  tiitions.  The'  languag,  is  to  th  his  ministers,  his.courtiers,_ant  e  effect  that  ,-  Call  4  Hued  with:  extraordini.,....  I  perceive  that  the  cor  r  e  spondents  of  the  I  don  papers  have  that,  got  hold  of  the  g  r  ea  t  f  ac  t  t  camps  are  to  be  formed  at  Cherbourg,  Brest,  •a  ologn  e  ,  ,  You  will  remember  that  I  told  y  this  many  days  ago.  I  may  add  that  the.re,gimen  c)f  the  line  which  have  arrived  'from  the  Crimea  are  o STYLE=superscript  form  the  nucleu  s  ,of  'these  camps  ;  and  the  ,  i  uards  are  to  be  added  to  them  afterwards.-  The  Aribunal  of  Correctional  Pence,  y(  sentenced  Madame  Ponconi,.  wife  of  '  known  Italian.,  singer,  to  three  months  imprison-  T,-)_  alto.nt,  for  adultery,  and  a  M STYLE=superscript  '  Cattabeni,  to  eight  days  '--4  1, STYLE=superscript  imprisontnent,  as  her  accoMplice.  The  case  was  a*li  %afore  the,court  some  months  ago,  but  judgment  ;c  6 STYLE=superscript  l  ( STYLE=superscript  '  alleg4s  postponed,  in  consequence  'of  lier  having  .7  alleged  - STYLE=superscript  that  her  husband  had,  himself  committed  e STYLE=superscript  ed  her  Nvitha  Spanish  woman,  and  had,  besides,  !encouraged  her  adultery  with  Cattabeni,  and  of  her;  thoii  dast  having  demanded  tiine  to  prove  her  allegations  ;  Redeenier  liii  but  she  was  unable  to  prove  - STYLE=superscript  them.  'A.  Madrid  letter  says  that  the  late  Duke  - STYLE=superscript  de  ' STYLE=superscript  Edfolnayor,  whose  death  has  been  announced,  did  passed.  s  s  t  h  y  e  le  gav  o  e  f  w)  '  slot  .die  of  apoplexy,  as  stated,  but  committed  suicid  e  by  discharging  a  pistol  at  his  head.  The  by  w'  .  ~  a,  strir,  'reasn  .  assigned  is,  that  he  suffere  I  dreadfully  it  from  gout  risin  g  to  the  stomach.  H  e  did  not  kill  '  ,slt STYLE=superscript  ull;  and  h  e  tin  onc  e  his  hours.  _  gered  in  frigh  tfulebony  for  some  PP  eKQr  I  trie  ar  will  have  to  be  n-  I  d  4 STYLE=superscript  t  I)1we  t  s  6.v  I.s;  the  well  i  ST.  MATTIIIAS'S  ClitrltCH  ScHoori—Yesterday  evening  the  children  in  atter  dance  on  these  shools  were  •  -  respective  schools,  wi't  The  Rev.  R.  V.  Sheld  address  to  the  persons  assembled,  bo  and  concluded  b  y  diitri'  progress  pro  and  good  con  d  uct  chiceediggs,  'A  ..uteti  were  highly  entertaining,  'et,  ,n  singing,  in  excellent  style,  the  evening  hymn  ACCIDENTAL  DEams.-7-William  Jones,  *as  a  ttiellian  on  b  oar  d  a  steamer,  fell  aged  28  dock,  on  Tlaursday.  ed  by  the  -  -  John  ler:middle  iington  e,  who  resided  in  Regent-street,  v,  .4  ship  on  Thursday,  when  a  piece  of  irc  -0,  and  he  died  from  the  injuries.  —On  Thurs  a  boy,  named  Thomas  - STYLE=superscript  ,Dewhurst,  who  reside(  _  lJ  'working.  on  board  fell  on  his  hen,'  .day  even;-  drawn  u  Le  ,rnthat  .tingen"
