text
"FRAATE.  The  , STYLE=superscript  note  of  the  Moniteur.  on  the  manifesto  of  the  Emperor  of.  Russia  is  very  much  approved  of  in  Paris  by  ,at  least  nine  persons  out  of  ten.  The  form  is  Nlite,  but  'th'e  fond,  as  the  French  call  it,  gives  a  deeided  .or  in  plain  English,  the  lie  to  the  Eraporor.  Everybody  asks  how  the  Em Emperor  peror Emperor  will.receive  it  ?  •  The  Russian  Ambassador  at  Paris.  has  not,  it  appears,  made  any  formal  coin  plaint  to  the  .French  government,  and  he  even  affects  iu  firs  own  circle  to  consider  it  as  of  no  im importance  portance importance  ;  but  it  is  known  that  an  hour  after  the  publication  of  the  note  in  the  Moniteur  he  sent  it  atf.  by  special  courier  to  St.  Petersburg,  and,  no  doubt,  applied  for  instructions.  It  is  said  that  at  a  dinner  last  week  at  St.  Cloud,  the  Emperor,  addressing.  several  Generals,  who  were  at  table,  said,  whilst  still  expressing  his  anxious  desire  for  honourable  peace,  that  Russia  had  gone  too  far,  and  that  he  thought  the  moment  was  at,  hand  ;  when  neither:  honour  nor  interest  would  permit  the  sword  of  France  •to  slumber  any  longer  in  the:scabbard.  We  published  the  following  , STYLE=superscript  11,11  a  part  .f  our  iin  pression  of  yes'terday.]  EASTERN  WAR.  BERLIN,  SUNDAY.  The  Journal  de  St:  Petersburg  contains  an'  an announcement  nouncement announcement  from  the  Minister  of  Finance  from  which  .it  appeal*  that  an  embargo  will  be  laid  on  Turkish  vessels,  in  Russian  Harbours,  on  Novem November  ber November  22nd.:  After  that  date  Turkish  merchant  ves vessels  sels vessels  Will  be  declared  lawful,  prizes,  even  though  they  may  haVe  'other  than  Turkish  property  on  beard.:  Neutrals  will  enjoy  complete  freedom  even  after  the  commencement  of  hostilities'.  FRANKFORT,  Nov.  11th.  Baron  ProkeshOtten  has  communicated  to  the  Diet  a  stateliwrltTespecting  the  Oriental  question,  .  The  Prussian  Ambassador  declared  that  his  Go Government  vernment Government  reserved  to  itself  the  full  liberty.:  of  action."
