text
"ber.  I  have  since  for  43  10d,  J  lay  these  facts  ,air  treatment,  and,  in  the  _pressly  statel  that  I  did  not  attend  there  notion  of  exp2uses,  and  when  Mr.  Gowan,  the  a  statement  to  the  committee  that,  one  of  my  •  q,,d  offered  to  pay  the  money  'y  denied  the  truth  very  outset,  I  ex  for  any  r,  if  the  24  e  eines  were  taken  off,  I  slop  of  the  statement,  tee,  I  intended  to  do  so  ted  at  warr.  s  were  vas  not  ,  in  the  ead  of  4s  10  first  claimed  by  the  prir  1,  elainied  by  their  sum-  In  contras  lets  out  t  .Apresston  imputed  to  me  Gowan  ;  .in  fact,  M  r  .  H  a  yd  oc  k  rat  h  er  )r  he  0-  I  denied  it  at  the  hairman  (Mr.  Langsdale's)  now,  with  respect  t  o  the  c  statem  I  was  unfortunately  on  the  committee  for  the  distribution  of  tickets  on  the  visit  of  her  Majesty  to  this  borough.  Mr.  Langsdate  applied  for  tickets  fur  himself  and  his  friends,  pnd  not  being  able  to  obtain  them  made  a  statement,  which.  was  so  void  of  truth  that  I  could  not  allow  it  to  pass  un uncontradicted,  contradicted, uncontradicted,  bat  certainly  not  in  tha  language  he  imputes  to  me.—l  am,  Mr.  Editor,  your  obedient  servant,  THOMAS  TOULAIIi  Liverpool,  18th  January,  180  [ADVERTISEMENT.]  MORE  FIGHTING  --P=  TO  THE  EDITOTt  Q  THE  NORTHERN  TIMES.  ..  ,, STYLE=superscript  r,—linowing  your  love  of  fair  play,  especially  where  a  man's  character  is  concernd,-I  venture  to  communicate  to  you  the  real  facts  of  the  police  case,  reported  in  yesterday's  impression  of  your  paper..  Having  been  detained  on  business  in  town  on  Wednesday  until  nine  o'clock,  and  not  having  had  any  refresh refresh,nt,  ,nt, refresh,nt,  I  called  upon  my  friend,  Mr.  James  Ilalderstone,  of  the  Mitra  Hotel.  The  defendant,  Ellis,  happened  to  b  e  there,  and  called  for  a  b  o  ttl  3  o  f  wine,  butdid  not  pay  for  it.  My;attention  was  directed  to  the  circumstance  by  Mr.  Bal Balderston  derston Balderston  e  ;  and  I  was  thereby  induced  to  follow  the  defend defendant,  ant, defendant,  who  had  just  left  the  premises.  Instead,  however,  of  explainin  g  his  conduct,  he  most  unexpectedly  knCcked  me  down.  I,  therefore,  gave  him  into  custody;  but,  attribut attributing  ing attributing  in  a  great  measure  his  unprovoked  assault  to  the  influence  of  intoxicating  drinks,  of  which  he  had  imbibed  no  small  quantity,  I  did  not  wish  to  press  the  charge  ;  and,  consequently,  on  arriving  at  the  Vauxhall  bridewell,  I  refused  to  book  him.  To  my  great  surprise,  however,  the  keeper  and  police  having  ascertained  my  name,  and  having  an  old  grudge  against  me,  decided  according  to  the  Lex  Talionis,  by  locking  both  of  us  up  !!  !  Whether  this  was  clnsistent  with  justice,  and  whether  I  was  an  offending  party  at  all,  the  impartial  public  will  learn  from  the  decision  of  oar  worthy  ,stipendiary  magistrate.  This  is  a  plain,  brief,  and  unvarnished  statementof  the  facts  of  the  case.  lam  sorry  that  it  should  ever  have  occurred  ;  but  it  evinces  with  what  kind  of  animus  the  police  are  actuated  against  me.  —Yours,  &amp;c.,  158,  Mill-street,  18th  J  anuary,  1866  JAMES  MuLuNs,.  evening*  THE  Teur.—Among  the  Turf  gossip  of  the  day  is,  that  Sir  I►  ;  charti  Sutton  and  one  or  two  young  noblemen  are  raising  a:leviathan  stud.  s  iu  t  expense  of  bringing  sank  of  .  England,  the  --  •  erne  in  the  West  India  £7,000.  The  expense  vay  after  it  was  landed  There  were  seventy-five  tons,  Dt  the  O.  .oecie  is  brought  ,  4-  per  cent.  is  ahead  to  the  Bank  of"
