text
"than  it  was,  and  I  sh.oull  be  exceedingly  rejoiced  if  it  were  still  more  so.  The  MEDICAL  OFFICER  :  As  to  the  mortality  of  Liver Liverpool  pool Liverpool  being  high,  that  we  cannot  deny,  but  we  are  improving.  Within  the  last  year  we  have  been  below  Manchester.  At  the  same  time  it  can  be  still  more  improved,  and  I  know  no  measure  better  calculated  to  accomplish  it  than  that  which  has  been  suggested.  Mr.  LEE  then  withdrew.  Mr.  JOHN  . STYLE=superscript  LAIRD  waited  on  the  committee  in  reference  to  the  manure  deposit  near  his  concerns.  The  Committee  conceived  Mr.  Laird's  complaint  reason reasonable,  able, reasonable,  and  resolved  that  Mr.  Rose  should  be  called  on  to  remove  the  deposit  immediately.  Mr.  Fresh  to  report  weekly  as  to  the  amount  removed.  Plans  of  the  extension  of  the  Lancashire  and  Yorkshire  railway  were  laid  on  the  table.  Mr.  ROBERTSON  GLADSTONE  observed  that  they  should  avail  themselves  of  the  present  favourable  opportunity  while  the  company's  bill  was  before  parliament,  to  compel  them  to  give  an  equivalent  advantage  to  the  town  to  that  which  they  were  about  to  seek  for,  by  carrying  the  sweep sweepings  ings sweepings  and  other  refuse  matter  at  a  cheap  rate  into  the  country.  The  plans  were  referred  to  the  parliamentary  committee.  The  Committee  then  adjourned.  SOCIETIES  FOR  PROMOTING  CHRISTIAN  KNOW KNOWLEDGE,  LEDGE, KNOWLEDGE,  AND  FOR  THE  PROPAGATION  OF  THE  GOSPEL.  The  annual  meeting  of  the  Cathedral  School  Association,  in  aid  of  the  society  for  promoting  Christian  knowledge,  anal  the  propagation  of  the  Gospel  in  foreign  parts,  was  held  in  the  cathedral  school-room,  Todd-street,  Manchester,  on  Wednesday  evening,  at  8  o'clock,  when  there  was  a  highly  respectable  audience.  On  the  motion  of  the  Rev.  Canon  CLirrox,  the  Very  Rev.  the  DEAN  of  MANCHESTER  was  called  to  the  chair.  The  CHAIRMAN  said,  he  thought  it  would  not  be  necessary  that  he  should  occupy  the  attention  of  the  meeting  with  very  many  observations.  He  would  simply  state  the  object  they  had  in  view  in  thus  assembling,  and  the  circumstances  con connected  nected connected  with  their  present  position,  which  were  in  an  unusual  degree  interesting.  They  were  met  as  friends  and  supporters  of  two  most  important  societies,  whirls  had  been  existing  in  this  country  for  a  longer  period  than  any  other  societies,  for  the  purpose  of  promoting  religious  influences  both  at  home  and  abroad.  They  were  met  as  friends  and  supporters  of  the  society  for  promoting  Christian  knowledge,  and  of  the  society  for  propagating  the  Gospel  in  foreign  parts.  Most  of  them  must  be  well  aware  how  long  those  two  societies  ex existed,  isted, existed,  and  that  they  were  established  more  than  150  years  ago.  And  from  that  period  to  the  present,  they  had  been  exercising  very  important  influences  upon  our  social  position.  The  society  for  promoting  Christian  knowledge  confined  itself  mainly  to  operations  which  were  calculated  to  promote  good  effects  at  home  ;  the  society  for  the  propagation  of  the  Gospel  was  instituted  for  the  purpose  of  extending  the  bene benefits  fits benefits  which  we  ourselves  possessed  to  those  who  had  departed  from  us,  but  yet  were  of  us,  and  who  had  chosen  to  settle  themselves  in  other  lands.  It  was  felt  that  it  was  absolutely  necessary  for  our  reputations,  as  Christian-minded  persons,  that  those  who  had  gone  to  settle  in  other  countries,  for  the  purpose  of  social  benefit,  should  have  the  same  religious  privileges  given  to  them  in  other  places,  which  they  pos possessed  sessed possessed  in  their  own  country..  The  benevolent  founders  of  the  society  for  promoting  Christian  knowledge  were  also  the  same  persons  who  foundel  the  society  for  propagating  the  Gospel  in  foreign  parts,  and  for  many  years  they  confined  themselves  entirely  to  those  who  went  to  settle  in  the  British  colonies.  But  circumstances  had  arisen  which  made  it  absolutely  necessary  that  they  should  do  more  than  give  the  benefit  of  their  assistance  to  such  as  were  established  in  our  colonies,  and  that  they  should  also  do  the  utmost  in  their  power  to  bring  the  heathen  to  the  knowledge  'of  Christianity.  He  believed  that  much  had  been  done,  and  done  wisely,  so  as  to  justify  the  highest  expectations  of  success.  And  he  believed  it  to  be  the  desire  of  all  those  who  were  interested  in  the  work  of  the  societies  that  the  two  should  go  on  as  it  were,  pari  passu  —hand  in  hand.  The  whole  of  their  religious  teaching  was  in  conformity  with  tie  Church  of  England.  (Hear,  hear).  They  proposed  to  teach,  and  they  did  teach,  Christianity  in  all  its  fulness,  and  with  all  the  forms  which  belonged  to  their  own  mode  of  divine  worship.  And  he  believed  that  while  they  were  establishing  in  other  places  that  form  of  worship  under  which  we  ourselves  derived  so  much  benefit,  they  were  con conferring  ferring conferring  the  greatest  benefit  upon  others,  and  doing  that  which  it  might  be  reasonably  expected  was  calculated  to  promote  the  greatest  success  upon  all  our  undertakings.  (Hear,  hear).  It  was  no  uncertain  teaching  that  was  Fiven  by  this  society,  but  it  was  the  teaching  of  the  church  in  all  its  fulness  and  all  its  purity.  And  for  his  own  part  he  confessed  that  he  was  more  disposed  to  encourage  undertakings  of  this  kind  than  those  which  he  might  call  adventu7ers.  He  wished  not  to  speak  in  the  smallest  degree  disparagingly  of  the  efforts  of  other  religious  denominations;  but  at  the  same  time  he  thought  that  the  systems  they  acted  upon  were  better  calculated  for  permanency  than  any  adopted  by  any  other  form  of  religion  now  known  in  the  universe.  (Hear,  hear).  They  had  set  an  example  that  was  worthy  of  imitation,  and  those  who  did  not  follow  the  example  ought  to  confess  that  they  were  inferior  in  religious  zeal.  (Hear,  hear).  He  hoped  and  prayed  that  all  their  efforts  would  be  successful;  and  he  was  sure  that  the  public  would  duly  estimate  the  value  of  their  services.  If  what  had  been  begun  by  Sunday  and  national  school  teachers,  should  produce  an  effect  which  was  now  being  recognised  as  valuable,  what  the  society  had  already  done  so  well,  would,  he  thought,  oblige  others  to  associate  themselves  with  them.  The  two  societies  on  be behalf  half behalf  of  which  they  had  met,  had  not  received  that  attention  in  this  great  and  important  city  to  which  they  were  entitled  ;  but  he  thought  that  now  greater  interest  would  be  felt  in  them,  and  that  the  happiest  results  would  be  the  consequence.  (Hear,  hear).  Tho  Rev.  P.  PERCIVAL  next  addressed  the  meeting,  and  gave  some  interesting  details  respecting  the  two  societies  on  behalf  of  which  the  meeting  was  held.  The  Rev.  Canon  CLIFTON  moved  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  Rev.  P.  Percival  for  his  able  statement,  which  was  seconded  and  carried  by  acclamation.  -  After  a  vote  of  thanks  to  the  chairman,  the  meeting  broke  up."
