text
"THE  COURT.  WINDSOR,  OCT.  21.  The  Royal  dinner  party  yesterday  .  included  His  Majesty  the  King  of  the  Belgians,  her  Imperial  Highness  the  Duch Duchess  ess Duchess  of  Brabant,  her  Royal  Highness  the  Duchess  of  Kent,  his  Royal  Highness-the  Duke  of  Brabant,  his  Royal  High Highness  ness Highness  the  Count  of  Flanders,  his  Royal  Highness  the  Duke  of  eDuchess  Brabant,  the  Lady  in  in  Baroness  Waitin  Waiting  to  to  s  her  p  eth  ßoJ  h  al  e  Belgian  Cambridge,  hi  s  Serene  Highness  Prince  William  of  Hesse  Philipsthal,  the  Lady  in  Waiting  to  her  Imperial  Highness  the  Duchess  of  Bucbsasn  oft  Minister,  the  Austrian  Mi  n  i  s  t  er  an  d  C  oun  t  ess  Col Colloredo,t  loredo,t Colloredo,t  Highness  Du  ch  h  of  aitng  to  Clarendon,  th  e  Count  Dko  o  G  f  us  c  tl  a  t  in  ve  .  de  Lannoy,  Colonel  Moerkerke,  Baron  Prisse,  Monsieur  ken  ,  the  a  n  d  E STYLE=superscript  the  Earl  and  Gentleman  Countess STYLE=superscript  in  Cam Cambridge.  bridge. Cambridge.  The  Queen  and  P  r  i  nce  ,  with  th  e  King  of  the  Belgians,  the  Ric  a  Duke  and  Duchess  of  Brabant,  and  the  Count  of  Flanders,  attended  by  the  Countess  of  Desart,  the  Count  and  Countess  Gustave  de  Lannoy,  and  the  Gentlemen  in  Waiting,  went  to  London  this  morning  by  a  special  train  of  the  Great  Western  Railway.  Her  Majesty  drove  to  Buckingham  Palace,  and  afterwards  visited  the  Duchess  of  Glocester.  The  Queen  and  Prince  returned  to  Windsor  Castle  at  ten  minutes  past  two.  The  Prince  of  Wales  and  Prince  Alfred  took  their  usual  riding  exercise.  His  Serene  Highness  Prince  William  of  Hesse  Philips Philipstbal,  tbal, Philipstbal,  the  Austrian  Minister  and  Countess  Colloredo,  and  the  Earl  and  Countess  of  Clarendon,  left  the  Castle  this  morning  for-London.  -  The  Duke  and  Duchess  of  Norfolk,  the  Duke  and  Duch Duchess  ess Duchess  of  Athol,  and  the  Marquis  of  Abercorn,  have  been  in invited  vited invited  and  are  expected  to-day,  P3_TB00072 ir  ~."
