text
"ROYAL  AMPHITHEATRE.  WONDERFUL  ATTRACTION  !  Tale  EvEritztu  (Tuesday),  27th  Instant  axd  following  Evenings,  the  Entertainments  will  commence  with,  for  the  Second  Time  in  England,  ROB  ROY  I  produced  by  Mr.  Pablo  Fanque  as  an  QUESTRIAN  SPECTACLE!  with  new  Scenes  and  Incidents  Introduced  from  the  Novel.  In  order  to  proauce  the  Celebrated  Drama  in  its  new  form  in  the  most  creditable  manner  possible,  Mr.  Pablo  Fanque  has  engaged,  at  a  considerable  expense,  the  valuable  services  of  MR.  '  OURLAY,  the  Acknowledged  Successor  of  MR.  MACKAY,  for  the  representation  of  Scotch  Character,  and  wno  will  make  his  second  appearance  in  Liverpool  This  Evening,  in  the  arduous  character  of  BAILIE  NICOL  JARVlE.—Several  of  the  most  popular  members  of  the  Metropolitan  Theatres  are  engaged,  among  whom  will  be  found  Mr.  Rayner.  Mr.  T.  Kirk,  Mr.  Birken Birkenholt;  holt; Birkenholt;  Mr.  Cooper,  Mrs.  Raymond,  Miss  Hodson,  the  popular  vocalic',  and  various  others.  Rob  Roy  has  been  pronounced  by  the  Press  of  Edinburgh  and  Glasgow  never  to  have  been  correctly  produced  until  brought  forth  by  Mr.  Pablo  Fatigue  with  horses.  There  will  be  TWO  GRAND  .  DAY  PERFORMANCES,  viz.,  To  -morrow„  2Sth  Instant,  and  Friday,  the  30th  instant.  Doers  open  at  One,  to  commence  at  Two.  In  consequence  of  the  extreme  length  of  the  Evening  Performances  the  Doors  will  Open  at  a  quarter  past  Six,  and  commence  at  Seven  o'clock.  Admission:  Dress  Circle,  35.;  Side  Boxes,  2s,  63  ;  Pit,  Is.  6d.  ;  Gallery,  6d.  Second  Price  —  Dress  Circle,  is.';  Side  Boxes,  Is.;  Pit,  Is.  ;  no  second  price  to  Gallery.  Second  Price  to  Boxes  and  Pit  at  nine  o'clock.  ROYAL  ADELPHI  THEATRE,  Christian  Street,  Islington.  THIS  EVENING  (Tuesday),  the  27th  instant,  A  VARIETY  OF  FAVOURITE  ENTERTAINMENTS.  To  conclude  with  the  gorgeous  new  Comic  Pantoni'me  of  THE  VALE  OF  GEMS;  or,  HARLEQUIN  AND  SINBAD  THE  SAILOR,  AND  Tfl  FAIRY  oe  CORAL  GROT  (written  expressly  for  this  Establishment,  by  Mr.  John  Courtney,  author  of  Tries  Tricks  and  &amp;c.,  &amp;c.,)  which  has  bean  in  prepatation  for  the  last  three  months,  with  new  and  magnificent  scenery,  costumes,  and  appointments.  Stinbad  the  Sailor,  Miss  Carri,  from  the  Theatre  Royal.  Haymarket.  Nautila,  Miss  M.  A.  Jgan.  rtartequi..,  arm.  o.  Jackson.  Columbine,  Miss  E.  Gibbs.  Clown,  Herr  Teesale.  Sprite,  Signor  Sylvani.—Dress  Boxes,  25.;  Side  Boxes,  Is.  6d.;  Stalls,  Is.;  Pit  6d.;  Gallery,  3d.  ROYAL  PARK  THEATRE.  Parliament-Street,  near  St.  James's  Market.  ***  EXTRAORDINARY  CHRISTMAS  ATTRACTION.  Tuts  EVENING  (Tuesday),  the  27th  instant,  the  Performances  will  commence  with  A  POPULAR  DRAMA,  in  which  Mr.  Melbourne,  Miss  Marriott,  and  the  whole  strength  of  the  company  will  appear.  To  conclude  with  (third  time)  the  New  Magniloquently  Grand,  Comical,  Local,  Operatical,  Cabalistical,  and  Anachronismatical  CHRISTMAS  PANTOMIME,  entitled,  ORMSHEADTHE  GREAT;  or,  HARLEQUIN  &amp;  JENNY  JONES,  AND  THE  FLOWER  OF  SNOWDON.  Written  expressly  for  this  theatre  by  the  author  of  Siege  of  &amp;c.,  with  :iew  and  beauti beautiful  ful beautiful  scenery,  by  Mr.  John  Wright,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre,  Mr.  Liver,  and  assistants;  properties  by  Mr.  Hames  ;  Music,  composed  by  Mr.  Hope  ;  Machinery,  by  Mr.  Jackson  ;  dresses  by  Mr  West  and  assistants  ;  and  the  whole  produced  under  the  immediate  superintendence  of  the  Lessee,  Mr.  R.  Edgar.  Snowdrop,  the  Fair  Flower  of  Snowdon,  with  a  few  which  the  author  has  thrust  upon  her,  Miss  Marriott;  Lushlane,  a  doubtful  specimen  of  a  Fairy,  afterwards  Clown,  Mr.  J.  Appleby  ;  Davydd  Jones,  an  ancient  Briton,  Mr.  Wilmore,  afterwards  Pantaloon,  Mr.  P.  Anderson,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane;  Edward  Morgan,  with  terrific  com 'combat,'  Mr.  3.  Lennox,  afterwards  Harlequin,  Signor  Guarrino,  from  her  Majesty's  Theatre;  Jenny  Jones,  the  Flower  of  North  Wales,  Mrs.  J.  Appleby,  afterwards  Columbine,  Mad'lle  Rose,  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Edinburgh;  Sprite,  Signor  Vilderini,  the  wonderful  contortionist  from  the  Theatre  Royal,  Drury-lane.  The  remainder  of  the  characters  by  the  entire  Dramatic  and  Pantomimic  artistes  attached  to  the  establishment,  forming  the  most  complete  and  powerful  cast  ever  submitted  to  a  Liverpool  public.  The  Pantomime  will  be  preceded  by  a  grave  Episode,  in  which  the  shades  of  Joe  Miller  and  the  Author  will  have  very  lively  representa representatives.  tives. representatives.  Doors  open  at  half  past  six,  to  commence  at  seven  o'clock  pre precisely.  cisely. precisely.  Prices  of  admission.—Dress  Boxes,  35.;  Front  Boxes.  2s.  Pit,  Is.;  Gallery,  Gd.  Half-price  to  the  Boxes  at  Nine  o'clock.  Books  of  the  Pantomime  may  be  obtained  at  the  Theatre.  GAME  PIES!  GAME  PIES  !—The  Celebrated  Yorkshire  Game  Pies  ?—The  greatest  Treat  of  the  season  for  Christmas  Parties.  Suitable  for  Ladies,  as  well  as  _Epicures,  and  everybody  else.  Made  only  by  W.  LAWTON,  BEE  HOTEL,  Queen-square—who  contracts  for  Public  Balls,  Suppers,  and  other  large  Entertainments—where  will  be  found  Good  Beds,  Good  Viands,  Good  Wines,  &amp;c  .  THE  NEW  YEAR!  A  BARON  OF  BEEF  WILL  BE  ROASTED  AT  THE  MANSION-HOUSE  HOTEL,  11  ,  DRURY-LANE,  ON  THE  2ND  OF  JANUARY.  HIGH  - STYLE=superscript  WATER  IN  THE  MERSEY.  This  DAY—Morning,  Bh.  16m....  Afternoon,  Bh.  43m.  TUESDAY,  DECEMBER  27,  1853  THE  position  of  the  Ministry,  probably,  is  as  strong  at  this  moment  as  at  any  time  since  its  accession  to  power.  Whatever  contradictory  statements  may  appear  in  our  metropolitan  con  temporaries,  our  readers  may  rely  upon  the  announcement  that  Lord  PALMERSTON  has  re rejoined  joined rejoined  the  Cabinet.  Whatever  the  difficulties  may  have  been  that  caused  his  Lordship's  retirement,  and  they  will  no  doubt  be  fully  explained  when  Parliament  assem assembles,  bles, assembles,  we  have  the  highest  authority  for  stating  that  they  have  been  completely  and  entirely  removed,  and  that  now  the  utmost  unanimity  prevails,  not:only  upon  the  Foreign  policy  of  the  Government,  but  upon  the  measure  of  Parlia Parliamentary  mentary Parliamentary  Reform  which  is  already  prepared,  and  which  will  be  submitted  to  Parliament  at  a  very  early  period  of  the  session.  Upon  the  Foreign  policy  of  the  Cabinet,  we  have  not  hesitated  to  express  a  strong  opinion,  and  that  by  no  means  a  favourable  one.;  nor  are  we,  in  the  absence  of  an  official  statement,  publicly  made,  much  inclined  to  alter  or  modify  our  views.  Nevertheless,  we  are  bound  to  state,  and-lkave  some  reason  to  believe,  that  when  the  facts  aremo  ,N STYLE=superscript  -n:1:1W  known,  the  tone  of  public  opinion  will  and  r,  a  material  modification,  and  we  should  noC:  be  much  surprised  if,  instead  of  censure,  .11i  policy  of  the  Government  should  command  , STYLE=superscript  most  universal  approbation.  matists  are  ln  good  spirits,  and  Lord  CLARENDON'S  despatch,  upon  Lwhichl  theliTreaty  of  Alliance,  signed  on  the  3rd  instant,  was  based,  is  repre represented  sented represented  to  us  as  a  most  able  document,  and  one  likely  to  produce  a  great  impression  upon  the  public  mind.  We  have  reason  to  know  also,  that  the  great  difficulty  in  - STYLE=superscript  the  Cabinet  on  the  Eastern  question,  at  an  earlier  period,  was  a  want  of  confidence  in  the  sincerity  of  the  EMPEROR  OF  FRANCE  ;  that  had  he  evinced  the  same  senti sentiments  ments sentiments  some  months  since,  as  now,  the  Russians  would  never  have  been  allowed  to  cross  the  Pruth.  WE  are  rejoiced  to  find  that  the  public  mind  of  England  is  beginning  to  awake  from  the  fatal  apathy  in  which  it  has  so  long  slumbered.  Whilst  it  slept  the  enemy  sowed  tares.  Moral  and  social  evils  accumulated  until  they  threatened  to  desolate  the  land.  Chartism  and  Charlatanism  of  every  sort  became  rampant—a  necessary  consequence  of  the  existing  state  of  things—and  repeatedly  the  arm  of  civil  power  had  to  interfere  to  exterminate  riot  and  preserve  social  order  and  the  public  peace.  A.  better  state  of  things  now  exists.  Adverse  classes  are  drawing  nearer  and  more  near.  Men  in  power  and  authority  who  had  never  before  been  aware  of  their  duty  to  their  fellows,  now  lament  and  confess  their  former  ignorance,  and  are  labour-  ing  might  and  main  to  make  amends  for  their  past  neglect.  Society  itself  has  suffered  fearful  evils  to  grow  up  unchecked  in  its  midst—never  perceiving  the  danger  which  threatened  it  therefrom,  until  they  became  almost  too  formidable  to  suppress.  However,  courage  to  grapple  with  difficulties,  com combined  bined combined  with  united,  harmonious,  and  persevering  action,  are  in  themselves  sufficient  to  remedy  the  worst  social  abuses  and  to  effect  the  most  bene beneficial  ficial beneficial  social  measures.  Already  we  see  evidences  of  both  one  and  the  other;  and  we  have  no  douLt  whatever  of  the  final  issue.  _  In  our  impression  of  Saturday  we  alluded  to  a  Conference  held  at  Birmingham  a  few  days  before,  to  consider  the  subject  of  Juvenile  Delinquency.  After.  the  Conference  had  separated  a  large  and  influential  Meeting  was  held  in  the  Town  Hall,  to  take  into  consideration  the  objects  discussed  by  that  body.  Lord  - STYLE=superscript  SHAFTSBURY  occupied  the  chair;  and  Sir  John  TAKINGTON,  Mr.  ADDERLEY,  the  Earl  of  HARROWBY,  and  other  distinguished  personages  addressed  the  assembly.  The  noble  Chairman  opened  the  proceedings  by  stating  a  truism,  viz  :  That  our  national  honour,  our  social  peace,  and  our  private  welfare,  were  all  deeply  concerned  in  the  solution  of  the  difficult  problem  of  the  reformatory  of  our  juvenile  criminal  And  who  can  dispute  it  ?  Let  every  Englishman  consider  and  become  convinced  that  such  is  the  case.  We  have  no  great  faith  in  any  reform,  if  its  accomplishment  depends  upon  the  exercise  of  the  benevolent  principle  alone.  Men  are  not  generally  stimulated  to  any  extraordinary  efforts  by  this  ac actuating  tuating actuating  influence.  But  let  them  but  once  feel  that  their  country's  honour—the  public  peace—and  their  private  welfare  are  at  stake,  and  there  is  hope  that  they  will  betake  themselves  vigorously  to  work  to  remedy  any  or  every  evil,  no  matter  how  deep-rooted  or  gigantic.  In  advocating  the  establishment  of  Reforma Reformatories  tories Reformatories  for  criminal  children,  we  go  upon  the  broad  principles  of  justice  and  expediency.  Our  entire  treatment  of  those  miserable  little  delinquents  has  been  unjust—impolitic-----injurious.  It  has  been  authoritatively  pronounced  such—and  still  we  con continue  tinue continue  it.  As  . STYLE=superscript  far  back  as  18:37,  a  Commission  for  the  revision  of  the  criminal  law  was  appointed  ;  and  the  Report  of  that  .  Commission  stated,  that  it  was  their  belief  that  a  more  perfect  system  of  treat treatment  ment treatment  for  this  class  of  offenders  was  imperatively  ncocaeary  for  the  safety  of  the  country,  and  that,  moreover,  the  committal  of  children  to  gaols  was  most  prejudicial,  and  tended  to  make  them  be become  come become  more  hardened  in  crime.  The  ensuing  year,  Parliamemt  expressed  almost  the  same  opinion  ;  and  the  result  was  that  an  especial  act  was  passed  providing  a  separate  prison  for  juvenile  delin delinquents.  quents. delinquents.  Two  years  later,  (in  1850),  a  Select  Com-  mittee  of  the  House  of  Commons  gave  it  as  their  deliberate  verdict  that  a  further  change  was  neces  sary,  and  that  a  much  greater  share  of  industrial  training  was  needed  for  this  class.  And  after  all,  so  little  has  been  done  !  The  truth  is  that  Parlia Parliament  ment Parliament  has  been  very  remiss  in  this  matter;  and  until  the  public  agitate  and  continue  to  express  themselves  boldly  on  the  subject,  we  have  little  to  hope  from  the  Government,  and  must  entirely  de depend  pend depend  upon  voluntary  efforts.  It  is  most  humiliat 'humiliating,'  said  Mr.  ADDERLEY,  that  almost  all  laws  re 're'  ceived  a  greater  amount  of  attention  from  Parliament  than  those  which  affected  the  criminal  law  of  the  country,  because  our  legislators  did  not  feel  themselves  per  sonally  so  much  interested  in  that  as  in  other  It  was  to  be  hoped  that  this  selfish  and  disgraceful  state  of  things  would  not  be  al 'allowed'  much  longer  to  We  earnestly  hope  not;  and  we  trust  that  Mr:  ADDERLEY  will  bring  the  subject  before  the  House  during  the  forthcoming  Session.  We  promise  him  our  hearty  co-operation;  and  we  are  satisfied  that  both  within  and  without  the  Senate,  he  will  meet  with  such  an  unexampled  degree  of  support  as  has  seldom  at attended  tended attended  any  social  reform.  The  position  of  our  derelict  juveniles  loudly  calls  for  commisseration  and  active  help.  By  the  ope_  ration  of  very  simple  causes  they  have  been  led  into  the  paths  of  crime;  and  how  are  they  to  be  reclaimed  if  we  give  them  not  a  helping  hand  ?  Lord  SHIFTESBURY  stated  that  he  had  conversed  with  over  a  hundred  young  thieves,  committed  for  various  offences,  who  told  him  that  they  were  first  led  to  the  commission  of  theft  by  the  penny  thea  tres—having  stolen  the  pence  necessary  to  procure  admission  to  such  horrible  places.  But  there  are  other  causes  less  plausible  and  apparent,  but  still  more  inducive  to  crime  and  seductive  from  morn  rectitude  than  the  temptations  of  a  thea 'theatre.'  When  the  fatal  epidemic  slays  its  thousands,  we  see  the  appaling  consequences,  but  the  potent  agency  at  work  is  too  subtile  for  our  senses  to  dis discover.  cover. discover.  So  the  causes  which  predispose  to  crime  are  often  as  insidious  and  indiscernible.  Home  associations—confined  and  ill-ventilated  dwellings  —bad  drainage  —want  of  decency  and  cleanliness  --corrupt  example—all  go  towards  forming  the  character,  and  debasing  the  moral  and  physical  organization  of  the  child.  The  best  faculties  in  the  world  would  become  deteriorated  under  such  influences.  'Tis  not  in  human  nature  to  resist  them.  Hence  Reformatories  are  essentially  requi-  site,  where  all  such  containinatory  agencies  will  be  avoided.  That  the  majority  of  young  criminals  do  not  follow  their  unlawful  calling  from  choice,  is  plain  In  fact,  they  have  oftentimes  no  other  altermttive;  and  in  self-protection  they  are  compelled  to  break  the  law  of  the  land.  They  not  unfrequently  come  out  of  prison  without  a  half  penny  in  their  pockets  —without  a  home—a  friend—or  a  character,  as  a  matter  of  course.  What,  then,  are  they  to  do  in  order  to  procure  subsistence?  Let  but  the  reader•  fancy  himself  in  a  similar  position!  GOD  help  thee!  poor  miscreant!  After  all  thou  art  more  sinned  against  than  sinning!  But  one  proof  that  those  unfortunates  would  prefer  an  honest  calling  to  a  dishonest  one  arises  from  the  fact,  that  within  the  last  year  3,000  appli-  _  -  -  cations  have  been  made  to  one  Reformatory  alone  by  our  criminal  children—each  of  whom,  on  the  testimony  of  LORD  SHAFTESBURY,  would  be  required  to  undergo  for  fourteen  ,  days  a  course  of  strict  seclusion  and  get  no  other  food  than  bread  and  water.  A  severe  test  enough—perhaps  too  severe  for  persons  of  such  - STYLE=superscript  tender  age.  Now  that  transportation  is  abolished—a  system  long  fraught  with  manifest  injustice  to  our  colonists—and  as  our  criminal  classes  will  be  confined  to  their  own  country,  it  behoves  us  to  adopt  remedial  and  preventive  measures,  which  will  prove  far  more  effectual,  inexpensive,  and  honorable  to  ourselves,  than  the  old  and  imperfect  policy  we  have  hitherto  adopted.  The  gaol  never  reclaimed  a  criminal.  Punishment  has  had  no  better  effect.  So  it  is  full  time  that  we  change  our  regime  and  try  measures  better  adapted  to  effect  such  paramount  objects  as  the  suppression  of  crime,  and  the  reclamation  of  criminals.  vice  nor  guilt,  Debasement  undergone  by  body  or  mind,  Nor  all  the  misery  forced  upon  my  sight,  Misery  not  lightly  passed,  but  sometimes  scanned  Most  feelingly,  could  overthrow  my  trust  In  what  we  may  This  language  WORDSWORTH  employs  in  The  Pi•elude  and  we  commend  it  as  a  suitable  motto  for  all  interested  in  the  reclamation  of  juvenile  criminals  and  others  who  have  entered  upon  a  course  of  vice.  WHILE  England  is  actively  engaged  in  propping  up  statu  quos,  family  compacts,  and  coalition  weak weakness,  ness, weakness,  AmeriCa  is  pushing  forward  trade,  and  laying  down  endless  fields  for  the  operation  of  com commerce.  merce. commerce.  Yesterday  we  traced  her  strides  over  the  continent  of  South  America.  To  day  it  is  our  duty  .and  our  interest  to  point  to  her  progress  among  the  islands  and  along  the  shores  of  Eastern  Asia.  From  the  mouth  of  the  Amazon,  with  its  6,000  miles  of  ship  navigation,  she  bounds  to  the  al almost  most almost  unknown  waters  of  Jeddo,  one  of  the  most  famous  cities  of  Japan.  Here  the  approach  of  the  American  fleet  was  viewed  with  the  utmost  conster consternation,  nation, consternation,  and  'presently  they  received  the  most  for formal  mal formal  notice  from  the  Japanese  authorities  to  depart  forthwith.  Our  kinsmen  are  not  the  most  docile  and  obedient  animals,  when  spoken  to  by  the  dingy  representatives  of  royalty  of  so  questionable  a  character  as  that  of  the  imperial  ruler  of  the  Japanese.  The  message  from  the  shore  was  that  the  gover-  nor  of  Jeddo  was  bound  to  inform  all  strangers  that  the  Emperor  of  Japan  would  allow  no  ships  to  touch  on  his  territory,  and  that  the  people  of  the  city  of  Jeddo  would  hold  no  communication  whether  .  voluntarily  or  involuntarily,  with  any  visitors.  In  answer  to  this  very  discouraging  announcement,  the  American  commander  in.  formed  its  bearers  that  they  had  come  simply  to  trade,  that  the  people  of  Japan  should  trade  with  them,  and  that  they  should  receive  payment  for  the  commodities  his  ships  might  require.  Having  dispatched  this  answer  to  the  good  people  ofJeddo,  the  Americans  entered  the  Bay  of  that  name,  where  they  remained  for  several  days,  during  which  time  the  Americans  went  ashore,  .and  received  all  they  wanted  from  the  natives,  who  left  them  their  goods,  fdr  which  a  fair  price  was  paid,  and.  their  vendors  were  not  only  'satisfied,  but  most  thankful  to  the  strangers  for  the  sense  of  justice  with  which  they  were  treated,  and  the  liberality  that  had  been  bestowed  upon  them.  Here,  then,  we  find  an  intercourse  established  be between  tween between  the  Americans  and  the  Japanese,  by  these  simple  means,  which  the  States  of  Europe  have  not  been  able  to  accomplish  in  a  period  of  upwards  of  two  centuries.  From  Jeddo  the  expedition  sailed  for  Japan,  for  the  purpose  of  giving  the  American  Commodore  an  opportunity  of  laying  before  the  EMPEROR  the  proposals  of  the  States  Government.  When  the  fleet  had  reached  a  small  city  about  twenty  miles  above  Jeddo,  the  flag-ship  was  boarded  by  the  Governor  of  the  citadel.  This  functionary  be;ng  beneath  the  Commodore  in  rank,  he  was  received  by  the  Captain,  who  informed  him  that  his  com commander  mander commander  had  business  with  the  EMPEROR,  and  that  unless  his  MAJESTY  would  grant  him  an  interview  he  should  be  compelled  to  approach  nearer  to  the  capital  with  his  squadron.  In  three  or  four  days  after  this  event  took  place,  an  answer  was  sent  by  the  EMPEROR  to  the  effect,  that  if  the  fleet'remained  where  it  was  he  would  consent  to  the  American  Commodore's  landing,  and  that  his  highest  officer  would  be  sent  to  where  the  fleet  then  lay  to  receive  him,  and  any  letters  he  might  have  to  present.  These  terms  were  accepted  by  the  American  Commodore,  and  on  the  morning  of  the  14th  July,  fifteen  boats,  well  appointed,  put  off  for  the  shore,  led  by  two  large  Japanese  boats,  filled  with  the  EMPEROR'S  officers.  On  landing,  a  procession,  consisting  of  2,50  American  sailors  and  marines  was  formed,  and  marched  forward,  and  the  Commodore,  preceded  by  two  bands  playing  and  followed  by  two  sailor-boys  bearing  two  boxes—one  of  gold,  on  which  the  arms  of  the  States  were  engraved,  and  the  other  made  of  sandal  wood,  with  massive  gold  lock,  key,  and  hinges.  The  latter  contained  the  letters  of  the  American  Government  to  the  EMPEROR.  These  letters  were  formally  presented  to  the  Prince  sent  to  receive  them,  and  after  they  had  been  read  the  Prince  replied  that  they  contained  many  matters  which  required  much  deliberation,  and  that  if  the  fleet  would  leave  Japan  and  return  in  the  month  of  May,  an  answer  would  be  To  this  the  American  Commodore  consented,  and  withdrew— withdrewthe  the withdrewthe  procession  retracing  its  steps  to  the  air  of  The  Star  Spangled  and  when  they  em embarked  barked embarked  in  their  boats,  they  took  leave  of  the  astounded  Japanese  to  the  tune  of  Yankee  Our  object  in  going  thus  minutely  ,into  the  de details  tails details  of  this  memorable  expedition,  is  to  shew  how  easy  it  is  to  accomplish  the.  greatest  ends,  by  the  simplest  means.  The  Japanese  have  been  always  held  up  to  the  people  of  Earope  as  per-  fectly  inaccessible.  And  a  sort  of  fabulous  idea  has  grown  up.even  with  the  present  generation,  as  to  the  savageness  and  power  of  the  population  in inhabiting  habiting inhabiting  this  most  fertile  and  valuable  island.  But  what  do  we  find  now?  That  the  Japanese,  whose  num numbers  bers numbers  have  been  variously  estimated  at  1..r0m  7,000,000  to  25,000,000  of  souls  are  not  only  accessible,  but  that  they  received  the  visits  of  these  strangers  witb  great  thankfulness.  That  the  Empevor  of  Japan  may  indulge  inhis  feelings  of  Asiatic  treachery,  and  make  arrangements  to  give  the  Americans  a  warm  recep•  tion  when  they  visit  the  Bay  of  Aeddo  .  again  in  May  next,  is  perhaps  more  than  likely.  And  cir circumstances  cumstances circumstances  may  arise  which  will  lead  to  the  loss  of  life  on  both  sides,  but  sill,  the  fact  of  the  people  of  Japan  being  friendly  towards  strangers,  is  a  suffi sufficient  cient sufficient  justification  for  the  American,  or  any  other  people  to  demand,  and  if  necessary  to  enforce  their  right  of  trading  with  them.  Civilised  nations  have  paid.  by  fa,.•  too  much  de deference  ference deference  to  the  mandates  of  the  savage  rulers  of  the  Islands  in  the  Asiatic  seas.  The  loss  of  trade  with  millions  of  people  who  inhabit  the  Islands  of  Java,  Japan,  and  several  others,  is  the  cause  of  many  of.  the  commercial  disasters  and  reverses  we  wltness  in  this  and  the  other  trading  countries  of  Europe,  and  if  we  admit  this  fact,  we  must  deny  the  right  of  these  benighted  rulers,  to  shut  us  out  from  nations  who  need  our  aid  in  all  peaceful  purSuits,  more  than  we  require  theirs.  Impressed  as  every  man  of  or ordinary  dinary ordinary  understanding  must  ,he,  with  the  truth  of"
