text
"DOCK  COM3fITTEB.  Yesterday  the  usual  weekly  meeting  of  this  committee  was  held—Mr.  ,CHARLES  TURNER  in  th  chair.  The  other  members  present  were,  Messrs;  Shand,  Robinson,  Brockle Brocklebank,  bank, Brocklebank,  Evans,  Gladstone,.  Holme,  Barber,  Malcomson,  Lans Lansdale,  dale, Lansdale,  Royden,  Lockett,  Tobin,  Rounthwaite,  Smith,  Rankin,  and  Gregson  . STYLE=superscript  .  On.  the  -accounts  - STYLE=superscript  being  read  over,  and  ordered  to  be  paid,—  Mr.  RomnsioN  GLADSTONE  said  with  regard  to  the  sweeping  of  the  streets,  he  noticed  that  15s.  per  week  was  the  rate  paid  the  parties  so  employed.  He  believed  he  was  correct  in  stating-the  amount  paid  by  the  health  committee  was  considerably  less.  He  thought  there  was  some  incon inconsistency  sistency inconsistency  in  this,  the  dock  committee  was  paying  too  much,  OT  the  health  committee  too  little.  The  CHAIRMAN  thought  2s.  6d.  perday  was  not  too  much  fora  man  who  did  a  fair  day's  work.  _  _  - STYLE=superscript  Afr.  LANGSDALE  remarked  that  they  only  paid  is.  Bd.  per  day  in  the  health  committee;  but  certainly  there  were  many  of  the  persons  whom  they  employed  who  were  aged  men.  The  CHAIRMAbr  remarked  the  matter  was  in  the  hands  of  the  harbour-masters'  committee.  The  quays  had  previously  been  swept  by  the  health  committee,  but  in  consequence  of  complaints  which.  they  had  had,  the  harbour-masters'  com committee  mittee committee  had  taken  the  matter  into  its  own  hands.  It  was  arranged  that  the  subject  should  be  brought  before  the  harbour-masters'  committee.  The  warehouse  committee  recommended  the  dismissal  of  William  Barrow,  a  landing  clerk,  recently  appointed,  on  the  ground  of  inefficiency.  The  marine.  committee  had  nothing  to  report.  The  harbourimasters'  sub-committee  recommended  that  William  Barrow  be  appointed  a  clerk  in  the  office  of  the  harbour  master,  at  a  salary  of  £BO,  in  the  place  of  James  Williams,  resigned.  The  CHAIRIKAN  remarked  that  this  was  not  the  same  person.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  should  like  to  know  who  recommended  William  Barrow  who  had  been  dismissed  by  the  warehouse  committee  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  did  not  think  this  was  a  fair  question,  unless  he  was  going  to  impugn  the  bona  fide  appointment  of  the  committee.  Mr.  LAN(SSDALE  :  He  was  the  greatest  muff  that  ever  wentinto  a  place  without  exception.  The  CHAIRMAN  remarked  that  the  committee  was  de deceived  ceived deceived  as  to  his  character,  and  as  soon  as  his  incompetency  was  discovered  he  was  dismissed.  LANOSDALE  said  he  used  to  calculate  mus.  quarter,  six  quarters  to  a  hundred,  and  if  he  reached  to  tons  he  did  not  kno*  What  he  might  have  done.  Mr.  ROBINSON  observed  ho  was  taken  a  hr  fni  ii  ,ht  on  trial,  and  when  found  incompetent  he  r  um  dismissed.  Mr.  LANGSDALv  That  was  thirteeen  days  too  long.  j  o  b,  was  recommended  to  be  appointed  as  a  dock  b  ate  man.  An  application  to  increase  the  *ages  of  the  men  employed  at  the  graving-docks  was  refused.  Theimaster  porter's  committee  recommended  the  appoint appointment  ment appointment  of  a  scale  beam-maker  and  labourer  to  this  establish establishment,  ment, establishment,  at  an  expense  of  £125  per  annum.  A  communication  was  read  from  several  steam-boat  com companies  panies companies  connected,  with  the'  Mediterranean  and  ether  foreign  trades,  submitting  to  the  consideration  of  the  committee  the  very,great  inconvenience  and  loSs  they  frequently  sustained  by  the  detention  Of  their  vessels  - STYLE=superscript  arriving  at  this  port,  arising  from  the  w'ant'  of  greater'  accommodation  at,  the  ,leck-  :  np  sheds,  for  receiving  their  inwdid  cargoes  immediately  on  their  arrival  in  dock,  'haVing  frequently  lost  several  days  waiting  for  'an  empty  shed.  There  were  at  present  no  less  than  26  screw  steamers  using  the  Nelson  dock,  most  of  them  not  Making  less  than  fcrar  ;  and  some  of  them  as  many  as  six sixteen  teen sixteen  voyages  within  the  last  eleven  months,  since  the  Ist  of  showing  an  aggregate  amount  of  tonnage  to  the  extent  0f'46,t00  lons  'on  which  deck  dries  had,  been  paid;  and  and  which  vessels  discharged  in  the  Nelsen  dock,  and  for  thea,Cconifnedation  of  which  iextensive  trade  ;there  was  at  present  diki-fuerleck-up  sheds.  ;  The  communication  concluded  by  requesting  that  ftirther  accomniolation  should  be  given  for  the  foreign  steam-ship  trade  Of  the  port.  )'&gt;  .  1  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  What  an  extraordinary  . STYLE=superscript  ao  l STYLE=superscript  cunient  in  favour  'of  warehouses  on  the  dock  quays.  Mr.  Evitis  was  going,  make  to,  the  same  remark.  It  was  dock  warehouses  not  sheds  they  wanted.  Mr.  ROUNTHWAITE  said  Mr.  Wilson  was  obliged  to  put  away  one  vessel,  in  consequence  of,  not  being  able  to  dis discharge.  charge. discharge.  Mr.  SHAND  observed  they  used  the  transit  sheds  and  they  paid  nothing  for  them.  Mr.  ToBIN  from  a  conversation  which  he  had  withsome'  of  those  parties,  was  quite  sure  they  would  be  willing  to  pay  any  reasonable  amount  for  accommodation  which  they  could,  not  do  without.  -  .  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Perhaps  we  had  better  refer  this  to  the  committee,  and  they  will  see  the  parties,  know  what  they  do  want,  and  report  to  the  committee.  The  resolution  of  the  finance  committee,  asking  to  what  extent  the  dock  committee  could  place  back  1000  yards  of  the  wall  of  the  Prince's  dock  wall,  so  as  to  give  accommo accommodal-11414k  dal-11414k accommodal-11414k  vel  pi  fe  gge  .  land  ;tic,  etncra  fnr  all  , STYLE=superscript  can  -crnino•  The.  CHAIRMAN  in  explanation  stated  that  himself,  the  deputy-chairman,  and  Mr.  Lockett  had  two  conferences  with  the  finance  committee  of  the  town  council  on  the  subject  of  the  landing  stage;  and  at  one  of  the  conferences  they  met  Sir  William  Cubitt,  and  he  produced  a  very  elaborate  plan  of  a  landing  stage  for  channel  and  foreign  steamers.  It  was  to  have  two  decks,  and  to  be  1000  feet  long,  and  his  estimate  of  the  expense  was  very  considerable,  £130,000  was  the  lowest,  £140,000  was  the  average,  and  £150,000  might  be  thelargest  estimate.  It  would  be  absolutely  necessary  if  this  landing  stage  were  built  and  placed  where  they  proposed  to  put  it,  they  must  have  a  convenient  access,  and  it  was  quite  clear  the  Prince's  parade  at  its  present  width  would  not  afford  sufficient  access,—sufficient  convenient  access  to  a  stage  of  that  description.  The  present  width  of  the  Prince's  pier  was  30  feet,  and  he  thought  from  the  opinion  which  was  expressed,  if  the  dock  committee  could  threw  back  the  wall  15  feet,  which  Would  then  leave  the  approaches  4  feet  wide,  which  would  be  sufficient  for  the  purposes  required.  If  the  wall  were  thrown  back  15  feet  it  would  leave  35  feet  between  the  wall  and  the  back  of  the  transit  sheds,  so  that  there  would  be  sufficient  width  left  for  working  the  transit  sheds.  Mr.  Tonar  asked  what  was  the  depth  from  the  back  of  the  transit  sheds  to  the  dock  ?  Mr.  J.  HARTLEY  :  About  from  80  to  85  feet.  Mr.  TOBIN  :  That  would  leave  a  road  at  the  back  of  the  warehouses  of  35  feet  wide  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Yes.  Mr.  EvaNs  :  How  far  is  it  to  extend  ?  The  CHAIRMAir  :  For  1000  yards.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  asked  what  was  the  whole  length  of  the  Prince's  dock  ?  The  Cnarnmarr  :  About  2000  feet  ;  it  is  to  extend  half  the  length.  He  was  speaking  of  the  parade,  not  of  the  dock  ;  the  dock  was  not  so  long.  M.  EVA.NS  wished  to  have  the  opinion  of  Mr.  Hartley  on  this  subject.  The  CRAIRMA.N  remarked  that  Mr.  Hartley's  opinion  was  that  30  feet  was  quite  sufficient.  The  landing  stage  would  be  a  considerable  advantage  to  the  dock  estate  ;  it  would  be  used  by'vessels  paying  dock  rates.  It  Was  not  like  the  pre present  sent present  landing  stage,  from  which  they  derived  no  benefit.  Mr.  GREGSON  said  it  would  be  a  great  advantage.  Many  steamers  might  then  discharge  in  the  river  without  going  into  dock.  Mr.  BARBER  :  What  is  the  depth  of  the  warehouses  at  the  Stanley  dock  ?  UL  ..r.  .  4  foo  t  Mr.  BARBER  :  Would  taking  this  portion  on  permit,  us  cu  build  equally  large  warehouses  ?  JOHN  HARTLEY  :  No  ;  not  to  the  extent  of  more  than  75  feet.  Mr.  EVANS  :  Would  this  interfere  with  the  other  1000  feet  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  It  would  not  interfere  further  than  the  continuation  of  the  approaches.  Mr,  EvAxs  should  hke  to  hear  Mr.  Hartley's  opinion  on  that  subject  ;  to  know  how  it  would  affect  the  warehouses.  Mr.  MALcomsox  :  Have  we  an  offer  for  this  15  feet?  The  CHAIRMAN:  The  corporation  thought  as  they  were  laying  out  this  large  sum  of  money,  that  it  would  be  for  the  interest  of  the  dock  estate  to  meet  their  views  on  this  matter.;  and,  as  they  were  laying  out  so  large  a  sum  of  money,  that  they  might  be  allowed  to  take  this  piece  of  land  without  payment.  •  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  The  'corporation  bears  all  the  expense.  Mr.  HOLM?.  .remarked  that  the  present  landing-stage  ought  to  have  been  built  by  the  finance  committee  of  the  council,  and  the  dock  estate  ought  to  build  the  projected  landing-stage,  The  CHAIRMAN  :  That  is  not,the  question  here.  Mr.  Ilorzna  said  when  parties  spoke  about  the  corporation  paying,  they  forgot  that  this  landing  stage  would  bo  for  the  benefit  of  the  dock  estate.  -  Mr.  GREGSON  remarked  that  it  would  become  a  question  of  interchange  —the  corporation  should  take  the  present,  and  the  dock  committee  the  projected  landing-stage.  Mr.  HOLME  thought  if  this  landing  r  stage  was  to  be  used  by  such  an  immense  mass  of  persons  as  it  was  likely  to  be  used  by  the  addition  of  15  feet.,  it  would  still  leave  the  ap approaches  proaches approaches  very  narrow  :  for  cars  and  carts  could  not  approach  within  a  certain  distance  of  the  faco  of  the  pier  head.  The  CHAIRMAN  thought  somethi  n  c,  additional  might  be  got  by,  throwing  a  projecti  on  out  for  foot  passengers.  .  Mr.  HoLmE:  Before  we  settle  this  question  the  best  thing  would  be  for  Mr.  Hartley  to  prepare  a  rough  ground  plan  of  the  warehouses,  and  let  us  se  e  h  ow  f  ar  we  can  go,  and  and  then  give  another  5  feet  if  we  can  do  so.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  thought  it  would  be  well  to  have  Mr.  Hartley's  views  on  the  subject.  Mr.  HARTLEY  would  state  them  in  w  r  iti  ng  .  Mr.  BALDER*as'  afraid  15  feet,  would  be  scarcely  suf sufficient.  ficient. sufficient.  They  would  have  an  innumerable  number  of  vehicles,  and  there  would  be  scarcely  space  to  turn  around.  The  ViiAirtmax  said  the  corporation.  would  be  glad  to  get  as  much  as  they  could,  give  them,  It  .had  been  considered  that  15`feet  was  as  much  as  they  could  give  them,  looking,  at  the  other,parts  of  their  land,  and  the  width  between  the  dock  qUay.•  They  could  not  give  more  without  damaging  Llaeir,9wn  land.very  much.  Mr.  PABBER.  asked,  would  the  dock  committee  be  ,respon ,responiible'reir.  iible'reir. ,responiible'reir.  the  thiSaptiropriatiOn  of  this  land:  It  would  be  a  gr,eakfetigg4en  if  it  :  were.  putt  there  was  not  a  sufq.eient  -  quantity.  1  , STYLE=superscript  120.1  •••  The  CHAIRMAN  said  that  was  not  a  question  for  them.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  moved  that  it  be  referred  to  the  com committee  mittee committee  of  works,  for  Mr.  Hartley  to  report  to  them,  and  that  the  matter  should  then  come  before  the  general  committee.  Mr.  EVANS  thought  there  was  hardly  room  on  the  Prince's  parade  for  a  horse  of  an  unruly  character.  Mr.  RANKIN  thought  if  the  river  were  piled  they  might  get  fifty  feet.  The  CHAIRMAN  hardly  thought  that  could  be  done.  There  would  be  a  difficulty  with  the  conservators  of  the  river.  The  finance  committee  wanted  to  know  what  quantity  of  land  they  could  give;  but  how  to  carry  out  this  landiN'-  stage  was  a  matter  for  the  finance  committee  of  the  council,  who  had  to  pay  all  the  expense.  Mr.  RANKIN  understood  from  Mr.  Hartley,  that  twenty  feet  might  be  got  without  piling.  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Yes,  and  that  with  their  fifteen  feet  might  be  sufficient.  The  matter  was  referred  to  the  com committee  mittee committee  of  works.  The  sub-committee  of  finance  recommended  that  the  salaries  of  Mr.  George  Jackson,  and  Mr.  Mason,  clerks  in  the  treasurer's  department,  be  raised  from  £l5O  to  £2OO  per  annum.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  thought  Mason  was  paid  a  great  deal  more  than  he  was  worth.  Mr.  EVANS  :  When  are  we  to  stop  in  this  course  of  advancing  salaries  ?  He  moved  that  when,  in  future,  they  engaged  a  new  servant,  he  should  give  an  assurance  under  his  own  hand  that  he  would  not  ask  for  an  increase  of  salary.  Mr.  BARBER  asked  :  Was  this  the  result  of  an  application  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  :  Mr.  Jackson's  application  was  made  some  time  ago,  and  Mr.  Mason's  had  only  just  come  in.  It  had  been  deferred  from  time  to  time,  and  it  was  thought  desirable  to  bring  it  before  the  committee  to-day.  Mr.  EVANS  said  they  had  rare  instances  of  this  kind  not  long  ago.  A  dock  gateman,  who  had  been  engaged  .a  week  before,  memorialed  - STYLE=superscript  for  an  increase  of  wages  (laughter).  The  CHAIRMAN  said  it  should  be  borne  in  mind  that  Mr.  Jackson's  predecessor  had  £250  per  annum.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  :  There  was  no  similarity  between  the  two  characters  ;  Jackson  might  be  worth  something  more,  but  Mason  had  a  great  deal  too  much.  He  came  down  in  the  morning  between  ten  and  eleven  o'clock,  and  he  went  '  home  at  three  or  four  o'clock  iu  the  afternoon.  Mr.  SHAND  asked  were  the  duties  the  same  ?  The  CHAIRMAN  said  one  kept  the  cash  book  and  ledger,  and  the  other  the  bond  ledger.  Mr.  GLADSTONE  :  Have  the  duties  increased  ?  I  believe  they  have.  Ihe  UHAinmAN  :  very  considerably.  Mr.  HOLME  remarked  that  the  treasurer  was  answerable  to  them,  and  he  must  say  that  £l5O  per  annum  was  a  very  fair  salary,  considering  the  hours  they  worked  in  the  dock  office.  Mr.  LANGSDALE  had  come  down  with  Mason  between  ten  and  eleven  o'clock  in  the  morning,  and  he  had  gone  up  with  him  at  three  o'clock.  They  had  him  before  the  committee  some  time  ago,  and  in  his  (Mr.  Langsdale's)  opinion,  his  oharacter  was  not  A  1.  Mr.  SMITH  believed  both  Mr.  Mason  and  Mr.  Jackson  to  be  valuable  servants,  but  looking  at  all  the  circumstances,  he  did  not  think  that  this  was  the  time  to  seek  for  advance  of  wages.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  this  matter  had  been  standing  over  some  time,  and  it  was  thought  better  to  have  it  settled  one  way  or  the  other.  Mr.  HOLME  remarked  there  was  not  a  week  but  they  had  an  application  for  an  increase  of  salary.  He  was  himself  opposed  to  it  ;  he  would  not  do  so  for  himself;  and  he  would  not  permit  it  to  be  said  he  did  it  in  his  public  capacity.  Knowing  what  he  himself  paid  to  a  highly  respectable  young  man,  who  had  given  him  a  heavy  bond,  he  could  not  vote  for  this  increase  of  salary.  After  some  further  conversation,  the  recommendation  was  withdrawn.  The  sub-committee  also  recommended  that  the  salary  of  Mr.  Pennington  should  be  raised  from  £l2O  to  £l5O  per  annum.  The  CHAIRMAN  said  Mr.  Pennington's  duties  had  been  largely  increased,  in  consequence  of  his  being  made  receiver  of  all  the  dock  rents;  and  he  had  been  obliged  to  give  a  bond,  which  he  was  not  required  to  do  before.  The  rent  accounts  had  been  in  a  very  unsatisfactory  state,  but  since  he  took  the  management  of  the  department,  it  was  in  a  very  satisfactory  state.  Mr.  R.  GLADSTONE  remarked  that  the  London  and  North  Western  railway  had  recently  lost  by  its  servants,  from  £2OOO  to  £3OOO,  and  the  opinion  of  the  directors  was  that  the  loss  was  caused  by  salaries  being  too  low.  He  was  not  advocating  high  salaries,  or  for  encouraging  people  to  ask  for  more,  but  a  fair  salary  should  be  paid.  The  recommen recommendation  dation recommendation  was  confirmed,  and  the  public  business  terminated."
