text
"Vubiir  Notirto.  NOTICE.  —NICHOLAS  HOYLE  is  no  longer  in  our  employ  on  the  NORTHERN  DAILY  TIMES,  nor  is  he  authorised  to  receive  any  money  on  our  account.  T.  H.  LEAKE,  &amp;  Co.,  _  ,  9,  Princesi-street,  Manchester.  BOROUGH  OF  LIVERPOOL.  —  CONTRACTS  FOR  CLOTHING..  The  WATCH  COMMITTEE  are  ready  to  receive  TENDERS  for  supplying  the  following  ARTICLES  for  the  Constabulary  Police  Force,  namely  :  C  68  6  Body  Coats  and  Trousers  for  Police  Constables.  106  Frock  Coats  and  Trousers  for  Firemen.  Lot  I._  33  Body  Coats  and  Trousers  for  Bridewell  keep keepers  ers keepers  and  Detective  Constables.  42  Frock  Coats  and  Trousers  for  Inspectors.  •  '  9  Ditto  Ditto  for  Clerks.  799  Top  Coats  for  Constables.  t  Lot  2.  76  Ditto  for  Inspectors  and  Bridewell-keepers.  9  Ditto  for  Clerks.  Lot  3.  33  Scarlet  Vests  for  Bridewell-keepers.  Lot  4.  1600  Pairs  of  White  Cotton  Gloves.  Lot  5.  860  Armlets.  Lot  6.  880  Military  Stocks,  with  Brass  Clasps.  Lot  7.  880  Pairs  of  Pegged  Boots.  Lot  8,  120  Belts  for  Firemen.  {  760  Belts  for  Constables,  Lot  9.  800  Uniform  Felt  Hats  for  Constables..  Lot  10.  .  {  48  Plain  Felt  Hats  for  Inspectors.  42  Hats  for  Clerk  and  Bridewell-keepers.  Lot  11.  850  Oil-cloth  Capes  for  Constables.  43  Macintosh  Capes  for  Inspectors.  Lot  12.  9  Ditto  Ditto  for  Superintendents.  7  Ditto  Ditto  for  Clerks.  The  committee  reserve  the  option  of  dividing  any  one  of  the  Contracts,  as  above  mentioned,  in  two  equal  lots.  Per Persons  sons Persons  tendering;  are,  therefore,  to  state  the  prices  for  the  whole  of  any  lot,  or  one-half  thereof.  Patterns  of  the  various  Articles  now  used  may  be  inspected  any  day  between  the  hours  of  Ten  and  Two  o'clock,  at  the  Town-clerk's  Office,  2,  Cornwallis-street,  until  SATURDAY,  the  19th  day  of  November  inclusiv  e STYLE=superscript  .  The  whole  of  the  Cloth  must  be  wool-dyed,  and  that  used  for  the  Top  Coats  must  be  well  shrunk.  The  work  for  the  clothing  must  be  executed  with  sound,  good  double  thread,  except  as  to  the  waistcoats.  The  Uniform  Buttons  for  Coats  aud'Vests  are  provided  by  the  Committee,  who  will  also  supply  Metallic  Numbers  and  Ornaments  for  the  Coats,  so  that  no  embroidery  will  be  required.  Every  article  not  fully  equal  to  sample  will  be  rejected,  and  the  Committee  will  on  no  account  accept  the  same  by  allowance  for  difference  of  value  or  otherwise.  The  Com Committee  mittee Committee  will  not  pay  for  any  sample  pattern  sent  for  inspection,  except  such  as  shall  be  approved  of  for  the  contracts.  The  parties  whose  tenders  shall  be  accepted  will  have  to  execute  the  usual  contract  for  due  fulfilment  thereof,  and  engage  to  complete  and  deliver  the  goods  on  or  before  the  6th  day  of  May,  1854.  To  be  paid  for  on  approval  in  cash  at  the  ex expiration  piration expiration  of  one  calender  month  from  the  delivery.  Sealed  tenders,  separate  from  sample  patterns,  to  be  left  at  the  office  of  the  Town-clerk,  2;  Cornwallis-street,  Liver Liverpool,  pool, Liverpool,  on  or  before  WEDNESDAY,  the  30th  day  of  November,  1853,  addressed  To  the  Chairman  of  the  Watch  marked  Tender  for  Clothing.  Lot  Any  person  tendering  for  more  than  one  lot  to  send  samples  and  tenders  for  each  lot,  separately  numbered,  as  above.  The  Committee  do  not  bind  themselves  to  accept  thelowest  or  any  tender.—By  order,  WI.  LLIAM  SHUTTLEWORTH,  Town-clerk.  2,  Cornwallis-street,  October  24th,  1853."
