text
"Huett,  stable,  were  inimedintely  on  the  spa.  The  fir  - STYLE=superscript  e  was  put  an  end  to  'before  any  serious  damage  was  done,  which  was  fortunate,  as  there  are  many  large  warehouses  in  the  lo-  About  a  quarter-past  Three  o'clock  yesterday  morning,  a  young  man  who  had  been  making  some  en enquiries  quiries enquiries  at  the  Bridewell,  discovered  a  fire  in  the  upper  portion  of  a  warehouse  in  Exchange-buildings.  He  gave  the  alarm  at  the  detective  police  station,  and  they  soon  dis discovered  covered discovered  that  the  ceiling  Of  the  upper  room  was  in.  a  blaze.  The  fire  was  got  under  without  any  serious  damage  being  done.  The  building  is  occupied  by  'Messrs.  Stock  and  Son,  Mr.  Withers,  Mr.  Parker,  and  others.  On'  Saturday,  about  Three  o'clock  in  the  After  noon,  a  fire  broke  out  in:  an  oil  store,  in  Gascoignen.  It  was  got  under  very  soon,  the  file-enginej  beig  promptly  in  attendance.  LAW  INITLLIGENot.—On  Friday,  in  the  Consolidated  Chambers,  before  Judge  Jackson,  an  application  in  the  case  of  Ruchacin  v.  Sodorholim,  was  made  on  the  part  of  the  de defendant,  fendant, defendant,  who  is  master  of  a  foreign  vessel  in  the  corn  trade,  and  is  at  present.  in  the  gaol  of  Cork,  to  have  him  released  from  custody.  It  appeared  that  a  cargo  of  wheat  was  shipped  from  a  port  in  the  East  by  the  plaintiffs,  and  that  the  captain,  having  been  driven  by  stress  of  weather  to  take  shelter  in  another  port,  was  obliged  to  sell  a  portion  of  the  cargo,  in  order  to  defray  the  expenses,  and  the  remainder  was  transhipped  into  another  vessel,  and  ultimately  delivered  at  Antwerp.  The  owners  commenced  proceedings  against  the  defendant  to  recover  the  sum  of  £2.600,  loss  said  to  have  been  incurred  by  the  sale  of  joart  of  the  cargo  and  the  dif difference  ference difference  of  freight..  For  the  defendant,  it  was  urged  that  at  the  time  of  his  arrest,  he  had  no  intention  of  leaving  the  country,  except  in  the  discharge  or  his  ordinary  duties,  as  master  of  a  vessel  trading  to  and  fro  ;  and  that  he  was  not  liable  to  the  sum  claimed,  being  entitled  to  _pursue  tho,  course  which  hehad  been  compelled  to  adopt,  in  consequence  of  tempestuous  weather;  that  it  was  not  alleged  that  the  corn  had  not  been  sold  to  advantage  ;  and  that,  if  any  loss  had  been  incurred,  it  was  a  question  of  the  average,  and  shoulebe  borne  proportionately  by  all  the  parties.  The  ap application  plication application  was  refused,  but  without  costs.  RAILWAY  INTELLIGENCE.—A  quarrel  which  arose  some  time  since,  between  tha,Dublin  and  Bray,  and  the  Dublin  and  Wicklow  companies,  has  been  satisfactorily  settled.  The  facts  are  as  follow  :—The  Bray  line  which  belongs  to  Mr.  Dargan,  had  an  act  of  parliament  granted  on  the  condition  that  carriages  should  run  on  it  from  Dublin  to  Dundrum,  on  or  before  ere  Ist  of  July  last.  Now  on  that  day,  there  was  not  the  slightest  sign  of  the  railway  being  finished  to  Dandrum,  but  in  order  to  comply  with  the  act,  a  few  carriages  were  got  over  the  ground  in  some  exceed exceedingly  ingly exceedingly  primitive  manner.:  This,  however,  did  not  satisfy  the  Wicklow  company,  who,  being  authorised  to  go  on  with  their  line,  if  the  others  did  not  comply  with  the  re required  quired required  conditions,  were  of  course  on  the  watch,  and  imme immediately  diately immediately  took  the  preliminary  steps  for  obtaining  an  injunc injunction  tion injunction  against  the  Brayites.  Matters  went  on  in  this  way  until  the  other  day,  when  an  agreement  was  come  to  by  the  amalgamation  of  the  two  companies.  0  RANGISIVI  IN  LISEUEN.—The  extraordinary  tyranny  which  is  sometimes  exercised  in  party  warfare,  appears  to  have  had  a  striking  development  at  the  Lisburn  election.  The  Arorthern  Whig  o  f  Friday,  gives  a  detail  of  some  orange  proceedings,  which,  in  their  nature,  would  do  credit  to  a  minor  inquisition.  It  is  stated  that  the  independent  candidate,  Mr.  - STYLE=superscript  J.  J.  Richardson,  the  Island,  having  had  the  support  of  some  of  the  allied  brethren,  the  wrath  of  some  of  the  was  excited,  and  the  result  has  been,  that  a  summons  was  issued,  after  the  manner  of  the  Vohnwerieht,  to  the  offending  parties.  This  summons  con contained'  tained' contained'  a  request  to  attend  the  Assembly  House,  Lis Lisburn,  burn, Lisburn,  to  receive  a  deputation  from  the  Grand  Lodge  of  Ulster,  to  answer  certain  charges  against  you,  for  supporting  the  liberal  candidate  against  a  brother  This  threatening  notice  was  addressed  to  the  chief  members  of  lodge  356,  and  it  is  stated  that  the  result  ,of  this  investigation  will  be  the  withdrawal  of  the  warrant  of  that  lodge.  As  the  Whig  remarks,  anything  could  possibly  have  tended  to  exhibit  in  their  true  colours  the  Orange  faction  in  Lisburn,  this  last  display  of  their  character  must  fairly  place  them  before  the  empire,  and  hold  them  'up  to  the  reprobation  of  every  •  right-minded"
