text
"man  being  left  out.  Th  in  this  notice  and  summons  in  his  hand,  Hertslet's  B  in  a  note  to  this  section  neatest  particularity  Iv  person  as  a  nurseryman,  dealei,  titulars  of  demand,  as  nurseryman,  c  held  to  be  bad.—The  Commissioner  :  'refer?—Mr.  Raffles:  It  is  an  anonymous  —The  Commissioner  :  They  must  descrih  as  in  the  demand  and  notice.—Mr.  Rafili  see  they  have  not  done  so  in  this  case.—  No  ;  your  argument  is,  it  ought  to  be  fac  out  any  variation,  whether  in  substance  Raffles  :  That  is  one  point,  I  think,  in  so  this;  everything  is  to  be  construed  most  creditor.—Mn  Fletcher;  on  the  part  of  mitted  that  this  was  a  very  immaterial  not  describe  the  party  in  any  other  way.  him  as  shipowner  and  dealer  in  any  of  occupier  in  a  different  business  ;  thereb'  the  case  stated  by  Mr.  Rattles  ;  the  lir  as  being  of  another  business,  a  co'  bring  him  differently  within  the  ope  7  discrepancy  being  so  slight,  and  the  led,  as  was  shewn,  it  might  be  amena,  the  new  rules.—The  Commissioner  :  It  was  better  known  by  some  other  trade.--M.  think  it  implied  a  different  trade;  it  was  the  (  description.—The  Commissioners  Fie  was  , STYLE=superscript  side;-Mr.  _Raffles  i  That  is  so.-4he  r  can  be  no  doubt  about  the  Want  V'  whether  the  rules  require  their'  it  is  material  or  immaterial..  substance  is  the  same  as  the  identit  j  ,  to  say  it  is  an  objection.  The  question  sidered  to  be  required  to  be  an  exact  cop  submit  it  is.so:—The  Commissioner:  -  the  Laid  Times—Mt;  Fletcher  point  that  in  dust  the  Court  difference,  it  was  a  ease  _  rule.—The  Comthissioner,  a  marked  this  was  a  new  fed'  1  of  thc  If  it  del  foi  amendtheni  Court  flid  ptiwer  of  amending,  amended  was  not'  a  iiafter  of  substant  it  is  entirely  in  your  Honor's  whether  your  Honor  will,  in  the  fact,  ment,  and  of  its  very  strict  words—whether  cise  that  power  in  favor  of  the  creditor,  wher  is  to  be  undoubtedly  construed  most  favourably  4- STYLE=superscript  -The  Commissioner  :  This  rule  •  to  rectify  unless  it  is  a  matter  of  s,  of  substance  ?  that  is  the  point.  It  .  purpose  of  a  trader's  summons,—it  may  or  adjudication—for  a  trader's  summons  it  u.  me  to  be  such  an  important  matter  as  to  be  tn.  ter  of  substance.  It  does  not  affect  the  matter  From  the  Law  Times,  the  objection  would  be  th  better  known  as  a  nursery-man  than  as  a  cow  •  therefore  it  did  not  properly  identify  him.  was  a  mere  phrase:  •  -  be  carrying  on.—Mr.  Raffles  :  as  dealers  and  chapmen  who  are  not  —The  Commissioner  :  I  do  not  know  Nv  you  call  a  man  a  dealer  and  chapmar  justified  in  altering  tation  in  correcting  it.—Mr.  net,_  make  the  alteration.—The  Commissioner:  had  another  objection  to  take.  The  creditor  _  livered  the  particulars  required  by  the  Act  with  th  All  the  particulars  delivered  in  the  notice  were  sold  and  delivered,  for  labour  and  materio materiovided,  vided, materiovided,  and  mony  paid,  &amp;c  as  were  inserted  in  the  notice,  this  is  an  erroneous  statement  gives  t  V  Men  V.  at  tO  ellre  the  chi'"
