text
"ADDITIONAL  PARTICULARS  The  count  de  Walewski,  the  French  minister  in  London,  left  Paris  for  London  on  Monday,  after  a  stay  at  Fontainbleau  of  only  two  days.  It  is  un understood.ttat  derstood.ttat understood.ttat  he  has  not  only  received  i  fletructions  from  the,'government  as  to  the  course  it  means  to  take  with  respect  to  the  Eastern  question  ;  but  that  he  is  bearer  of  au  offensive  and  defensive  treaty— treatyinure  inure treatyinure  properly  spealung,  a  treaty  or  pactia,aile  —which  has  been  agreed  between  England  and  France,  and  in  which  the  other  European  powers  will  be  invited  to  join.  Among  diplomatists  it  is  thought  that  the  plan  will  be  as  unsuccessful  as  the  negotiations  at  Vienna,  or  the  conferences  at  Olmutz.  The  court  of  Cassation  has  given  its  judgment  on  the  appeal  of  the  defendants  in  the  affair  of  the  foreign  correspondents.  The  decision  of  the  supreme  court  confirms  that  of  the  lower  tribunal,  by  which  the  right  of  public  functionaries  to  open  letters  was  established.  MORE  CHASSEURS.—The  decree  for  the  formation  of  the  ten  new  battalions  of  Chasseurs  de  Vin Vincennes  cennes Vincennes  was  signed  three  days  ago,  but  it  has  not  yet  been  published.  SCARCITY  OF  CORN.—The  smallness  of  the  supply  of  corn  continues  to  create  considerable  uneasiness,  for  notwithstanding  the  enormous  importations  within  the  last  two  months,  and  the  exertions  of  the  government  to  keep  prices  down,  there  has  only  been  an  average  reduction  of  about  50  centimes  per  hectolitre.—Paris  Correspondent  of  the  Globe.  M.  LEON  FAUCHER.—The  Paris  police  paid  a  visit  to  M.  Leon  Faucher  on  Monday,  and  searched  his  house.  Nothing  to  inculpate  him  was  found.  The  news  given  by  The  Morning  Chronicle,  which  arrived  here  to-day,  that  the  English  and  French  fleets  had  enterei  the  Black  Sea,  has  created  an  immense  sensation;  and  the  fact  is  confirmed  by  other  telegraphic  despatches  which  have  reached.  It  is  confidently  stated  to-day  that  the  Emperor  of  Russia,  on  learning  that  his  troops  had  met  with  a  defeat,  gave  immediate  orders  to  Prince  Gortscha Gortschakoff  koff Gortschakoff  to  assume  the  offensive.  A  despatch  has  been  received  here  to-day,  which  announces_  that  a  body  of  the  Turkish  army,  on  the  Asiatic  frontier  of  Georgia,  in  an  affair  which  they  had  with  the  Russians,  und  er  G  ener  al  Prince  Ba Bariatinski,  riatinski, Bariatinski,  had  been  beaten,  and  had  1,000  men  killed,  Reports  are  current  to-day  of  an  insurrection  at  Lyons,  caused  by  the  the  high  price  of  bread.  The  cholera  has  shown  itself  in  Paris.  The  number  of  cases  does  not  exceed  nine  a-day,  Lord  Cowley  left  Paris  on  Tuesday  morning  for  Fontainebleu."
