text
"IRISH  COURT  OF  EXCHEQUER.  CURIOUS  ELECTIONEERING  CASE.  The  Lord  Chief  Baron  and  Baron  Pennefather  sat  during  the  day..  Parsons  v.  Kirk.  This  case  was  called  on  for  judgment.  It  had  come  be before  fore before  the  court  upon  a  demurrer  to  the  plaintiff's  declaration.  The  plaintiff,  an  elector  of  Newry,  presented  a  petition  to  parliament  shortly  after  the  last  election  for  that  borough,  praying  that  Mr.  William  Kirk,  who  had  been  declared  elected,  should  be  unseated  on  the  ground  of  bribery  and  treating,  and  alleging  that  his  return  had  been  effected  by  undue  means.  Subsequently  an  agreement  was  en entered  tered entered  into  between  the  parties  to  withdraw  the  petition,  on  the  terms  of  Mr.  Kirk  paying  all  the  costs  which  had  been  incurred  by  the  petitioners.  The  petition  was  accordingly  withdrawn  ;  but  Mr.  Kirk,  as  it  was  stated,  refused  when  called  upon  to  carry  out  the  agreement,  alleg alleging  ing alleging  that  it  was  illegal  and  contrary  to  public  policy,  and  that  the  petitioners  concealed  from  him  a  material  fact— factnamely,  namely, factnamely,  that  they  had  been  advised  by  their  leading  counsel  that  the  petition,  so  far  as  the  allegation  of  bribery  was  con concerned,  cerned, concerned,  would  fail.  The  plaintiffs  then  instituted  an  action  to  recover  from  Mr.  Kirk  the  amount  of  the  costs  and  ex expenses  penses expenses  incurred  by  them  in  presenting  and  preparing  to  pro prosecute  secute prosecute  the  petition.  Their  declaration  was  demurred  to,  and  the  demurrer  was  sustained  by  Messrs.  Fitzgibbon,  Q.O  ,  and  Blair,  who  contended  that  the  agreement  was  illegal  and  contrary  to  public  policy,  inasmuch  as  the  public  were  interested  in  election  petitions,  and  that  it  was  illegal  to  withdraw  them  from  money.  Messrs.  Joy.  Q.C.,  and  Vance  supported  the  declaration,  and  argued  that  under  recent  acts  the  defendants  were  at  liberty  to  withdraw  a  petition  without  the  consent  of  the  committee  of  the  house,  and  that  in  this  instauce  the  petition  'was  not  withdrawn  for  money,  but  simply  upon  the  stipntat stipntation  ion stipntation  that  all  reasonable  and  legal  expenses  should  be  dis discharged  charged discharged  by  Mr.  Kirk.  .  _  The  Chicf  Baron  gave  judgment,  allowing  the  demurrer  on  the  grounds  stated  by  the  defendant's  counsel.  IRELAND.  DUBLIN,  SATURDAY.  CONVICTS  AT  HOIVIE.—It  is  said  there  is  no  longer  a  question  that  Clare  Island,  on  the  coast  of  Mayo,  has  been  taken  for  a  convict  depot.  Clare  Island  formerly  was  the  patrimony  of  the  O'Malleys,  and  Sir  Samuel  O'Malley  last  held  it,  until  within  this  year,  !I  believe,  when  it  passed  from  his  hand  to  the  Law  Life  Insurance  Company,  of  London,  to  whom  it  was  mortgaged  some  years  ago  by  the  inheritor.  There  is  only  one  landing  place  on  the  island,  the  coast  of  which,  indeed,  can  hardly  be  approached,  except  in  calm  weather.  It  will,  there therefore,  fore, therefore,  afford  ample  means  for  securing  the  persons  of  the  convicts  sent  thither.  The  island  is  about  twelve  miles  westwards  of  the  harbour  of  Westport,  in  the  Atlantic,  and  in  the  days  of  Good  Queen  was  a  place  of  note.  It  was  then  the  strong stronghold  hold stronghold  of  an  Irish  Chieftainess,  who  paid  a  visit  to  the  powerful  Queen  of  England,  as  history  records,  and  was  received  by  her  as  a  sovereign  princess  at  her  then  Palace  at  Greenwich,  now  the  Royal  Hos Hospital.  pital. Hospital.  This  Irish  Queen  was  named  Grauna  Uaile,  which,  in  the  vernacular,  means  Grace  O'Malley.  The  good  old  gentleman  was  given  to  practices  which  would  now,  perhaps,  be  stigmatised  as  piracy,  but  in  those  clays  morality  was;  not  so  tight-laced.  There  is  still  an  old  fastness  on  the  island,  some sometimes  times sometimes  used  as  a  prison,  so  that  its  new  denizens  will  not  be  the  only  ones  who  were  kept  there  in  durance.  Before  the  famine  the  inhabitants  numbered  four  to  five  thousand  ;  at  present  I  believe  the  number  is  very  limited,  and  these  probably  the  insurance  company  will  remove.  On  the  northern  shore  there  is  a  light-house.  SAVINGS'  BANKS.—Thero  is  said  to  be  a  heavy  run  on  the  Abbey  -street  saving  bank;  why,  I  have  not  learned,  for  there  is  every  reason,  as  well  from  the  high  character  as  business  habits  of  the  directors  and  manager  to  class  it  as  A  1.  ROBINSON  V.  MACDOUGALL.—The  Irish  Chancellor  has  just  given  judgment  in  a  case  which  excited  much  local  interest.  The  family  of  a  Mr.  Robinson,  a  manufacturer  residing  in  Dublin  took  proceedings  against  the  firm  of  Macdougall  and  Perrin,  Irish  solicitors,  for  certain  sums  of  money  which  they  had  received  as  solicitors  for  Mr.  Robinson,  who  is  dead,  and  which  they  retained  without  any  just  right.  Mr.  Macdougall  has  recently  had  an  ap appointment  pointment appointment  in  the  Dublin  courts  bestowed  on  him,  and  hence  the  especial  interest  the  case  was  sur surrounded  rounded surrounded  with.  Mr.  Macdougall  had  been  many  years  the  solicitor  of  Mr.  Robinson,  who  was  occasionally  subject  to  aberrations  of  intellect.  During  this  connection  several  sales  of  property,  real  and  personal,  had  taken  place,  and  these  it  was  alleged  had  been  made  at  a  disadvantage  for  Mr.  Robinson's  interests,  by  Mr.  Macdougall's  advice,  who  on  one  occasion  had  procured  his  signature  to  a  deed  when  he  was  positively  insane.  It  was  admitted  that  when  those  sales  were  made  Mr.  Robinson  was  in  want  of  money  for  the  pur purposes  poses purposes  of  his  business,  and  the  defence  was  that  Mr.  Macdougall  acted  bona  fide,  that  he  was  not  benefited  in  any  way  by  those  sales,  over  and  above  his  costs,  and  that  Mr.  Robinson  when  he  signed  the  particular  deed  was  in  one  of  his  lucid  intervals.  The  Lord  Chancellor  on  Fri Friday  day Friday  gave  judgement  for  Mr.  Macdougall,  whose  coun  sell  said  he  was  instructed  not  to  ask  fo  costs.  Mr.  Thomas  MacNally,  brother  of  the  solicitor  of  that  name,  killed  on  the  occasion  of  the  late  accident  on  the  Great  Southern  and  Western  Rail Railway,  way, Railway,  applied  on  Saturday  to  be  admitted  an  attor attorney,  ney, attorney,  he  having  already  practised  at  the  bar  as  a  lawyer.  The  grounds  of  the  application  were,  that  he  knew  the  business  in  his  brother's  office,  that  he  knew  also  morth  of  an  attorney,  and  that  his  application  was  in  the  interest  of  his  brother's  .clients,  and  his  brother's  children,  The  Law  Society,  a  body  of  attorneys,  were  heard  by  the  Attorney-General  against  the  application,  but  the  Court  applied  to  the  Exchequer,  and  granted  the  application.  •  -  -  •  Mr.  E.  B.  Roche,  ALP.,  a  very  extensive  landed  proprietor  in  Cork  county,  and  a  practical  agricul agriculturist,  turist, agriculturist,  has  been  growing  flax  largely  for  the  last  few  years,  and  has  now  succeeded  in  establishing  a  company,  to  spin  and  and  manufacture  flax.  This  is  the  way  to  make  Ireland  prosperous.  THE  CHIEF  SECRETARY  IN  BELFAST.-Sir  John  Young  still  continues  his  progress  in  the  northern  emporium.  On  Thursday  he  visited  the  .harbour  and  lough,  being  accomponied  by  the  Provost  of  Trinity  College,  the  city  members,  and  the  leading  inhabitants  of  the  town.  He  afterwards  partook  of  a  dejeuner,  at  which  John  Harrison,  Esq.,  the  chair chairman  man chairman  of  the  harbour  commissioners,  presided,  when  after  the  usual  loyal  toasts  were  drunk,  that  of  Sir  John  Young,  and  prosperity  to  •  was  given  and  responded  to.  Sir  John  spoke  in  high  terms  of  Lord  Aberdeen,  under  whom  he  had  taken  office,  and  said  that  no  government  ever  received  so  much  support  from  the  masses  of  the  people,  as  the  present.  •He  said,  however,  that  as  he  bad  not  come  to  Belfast  in  a  public  capacity,  gentlemen  need  not  be  disappointed  at  receiving  no  informa-•  tion  concerning  ministerial  intentions.  Sir  John's  remaining  observations  were  in  allusion  to  the  in-,  creasing  prosperity  of  Belfast,  and  a  few  other  toasts  having  been  drunk,  the  company  separated.  THE  PRESBYTERIAN  CHURCH.—At  a  meeting  in  the  Scotch  Church,  Mary's  Abbey,  on  Thursday;  £2,000  was  subscribed  to  the  church  and  manse  !  Fund  of  the  community.  THE  MUNICIPAL  ELEeTtoNs.—The  following  has  been  the  general  results  of  these  events  :—Alder :—Aldermen—Messrs.  men—Messrs. :—Aldermen—Messrs.  Hudson,  Gresham,  Campbell,  Hoyte,  Farrell,  and  Reynolds.  Town  Councillors—Messrs.  Vance,  Hutton,  Kelly,  Classon,  Tilsworth,  Jame Jameson,  son, Jameson,  Boyce,  Barlow,  Fry,  Wharton,  Lambert,  Wau Wauchob,  chob, Wauchob,  D'Arcy,  O'Neill,  and  Taggart.  Mit.  GEORGE  DARLING.—This  gentleman,  who  is  one  of  the  most  notorious  characters  in  our  city,  has  been  fully  committed  to  take  his  trial;  on  the  charge  to  which  I  have  already  alluded,  of  fraudu fraudulently  lently- fraudulently  obtaining  money  from  the  mistress  of  the  convict  Kirwan.  INCUMBERED  ESTATES  COURT.—The  Earl  of  Ban Bantry's  try's Bantry's  propery,  in  Limerick  and  Cork,  was  sold  yesterday,  and  realised  over  £BO,OOO,  averaging  above  twenty  years'  purchase.  FARMING  STOCK  PRICES.—At  the  annual  fair  of  Summerhill,  county  Meath,  bullocks  brought  from  £l3  to  £l7;  milch  cows,  ditto  ;  fat  sheep,  from  42s  to  48s  ;  and  pigs  465.  INJURY  TO  A  ROMAN  CATHOLIC  CHAPEL.—The  Roman  Catholic  church  of  St.  Vincent,  Cork,  has  been  nearly  destroyed,  its  roof  having  been  com completely  pletely completely  torn  off  by  a  gale  of  wind."
