text
"r  way  of  keeping  nitt  as  the  excessive  demand  Ito  - STYLE=superscript  1 STYLE=superscript  /  4  )  t  coin  is  required  to  pay  for  bullion,  as  the  one  tPes  out  the  'other  returiis,  and  the  variation  in  the  Influx  and  the  efflux  of  gold,  will  be  attributable  to  41_  _  It  May  be  many  Tears  before  luetion  of  this  metal  in  Australia,  or  indeed,  tornia,  will  be  continuous  throughout  the  year,  end  until  it  is  so  our  receipts  will  vary  with  the  season  as  they  do  at  present.  If  the  depreciation  in  the  value  of  bullion  touches  a  lower  point  than  the  existing  rates,  it  is  not  likely  to  advance  the  prices  of  produce,  as  the  present  high  prices  in  this  di direction  rection direction  have  :taken  place,  in  anticipation  of  a  d STYLE=superscript  eprecation,  and  consequent  loss  in  the  purchasing  market  continues  flat  prices  are  variable  from  the  opening  and  closing  Of  each  day.  Consols,  which  at  their  present  price  Yields  less  than  33  per  cent.,  can  however  scarcely  be  expected  to  maintain  their  value,  with  money  tt  per  cent.;  and  although  it  was  stated  that  a;  God  deal  of  bona  fide  purchasing  is  going  forward  he  elasticity  of  the  market  is  unquestionably  due  great  measure  to  speculative  operations.  Con Consols  sols Consols  for  the  account  have  been  done  from  92f  to  with  intermediate  fluctuations,  and  for  money  have  ranged  from  92i  to  93k.  Exchequer Exchequerhave  have Exchequerhave  been  rather  firmer  at  13s.  Bs.  dis.  In  the  Foreign  Market  there  has  been  only  a  derate  amount  of  business  doing,  the  settlement  e  account  having  chiefly  engrossed  attention.  s  have,  however,  been  well  supported.  the  Railway  Share  Market  has  been  less  buoyant,  business  having  been  chiefly  in  connexion  with  le  liquidation  of  -  the  account.  No  failures  have  et  been  announced,  which  is  considered  rather  lordinary,  considering  the  violence  of  the  fluc-  Prices  of  th  verpool  markets  are,  generally  speaking,  No  sales  are  forced,  and  commercial  men  ern  disposed  to  wait  for  another  turn  in  affairs.  Phis  is  a  highly  prudent  course.  A  few  days  now  t  set  the  impending  causes  of  uneasiness  at  The  Corn  market  was  very  active,  and  prices  In  this  direction  we  suggest  MU  - STYLE=superscript  artT.nrneSter  -- STYLE=superscript  Tn  a  rirets  titre  very  much  in  the  - STYLE=superscript  toile  state  as  our  own,  and  no  decided  improve improvekerit  kerit improvekerit  can  be  looked  for  as  long  as  the  Bank  remains  unrelenting.  Five  per  cent.  may,  when  we  see  a  tittle  further  into  the  future,  be  a  very  low  rate  of  interest.  Whatever  remains  to  be  ch  - STYLE=superscript  anged  or  ad adth,  th, adth,  itted  must  soo  n  be  made  known.  I  n  th  e  mean meantirlne  tirlne meantirlne STYLE=superscript  there  is  no  real  cause  for  alarm.  The  temp  er  Of  the  country  will  not  allow  of  much  greater  sus-  P  e STYLE=superscript  ltse.  Ministers  are  fully  aware  of  this  fact.  Our  t  of  prices  will  be  found  in  another  column  IiIILLION  MARKET  AND  FOREIGN  EXCHANGES.  We  give  the  current  price  of  Gold,  as  follows,  to  a STYLE=superscript  ssist  the  merchant  in  calculating  the  rates  of  ~  oreign  Exchange,  by  the  actual  current  rates  of  bullion,  as  last  reported  :  London,  778.  9d.  ;  Paris,  ;  Ilamburgh,_;  Am Amsterdam,  sterdam, Amsterdam,  ;  Vi  enna  ,  ;  St.  P  e  t  ers  b  urg  ,  ;  B  er  -  I STYLE=superscript  --;--;  Milan,  —;  Constantinople,  ---;  Alexandria,  '  -  Bombay,  ;  Calcutta,  ;  Hong  Kong,  ;  Sydney,  77  ;  Port  Philip,  —;  Adelaide,  —;  Mon Montreal,  treal, Montreal,  -_—_-;  New  York,  _;  -San  Francisco,  —;  Mexico,;  Brazils,  _"
