text
"THE  LIVERPOOL  UNITED  LEGAL  AND'  FRIENDLY,  OR  ROYAL  OAK  BURIAL  SOCIETY.  For  the  last  few  days  the  sayings  and  doings  of  this  extensive  society  have  been  repeatedly  before  the  public.  First,  from  the  memorable  notoriety  its  officers  achieved  by  almost  forcibly  ejecting  the  representatives  of  the  Press  from  its  general  meeting  of  the  subscribers,  held  on  the  28th  ultimo,  though  it  was  the  wish  of  all  the  mew_  bers  present  that  the  proceedings  be  reported;  and  secondly,  from  the  report  of  the  that  took  place  at  that  meeting,  after  the  reporters  were  ejected,  which  scene  concluded  in  the  police-court,  when  Mr.  Mansfield  gave  his  opinion  on  the  affair.  The  members  also  feeling  themselves  aggrieved  that  they  were  not  allowed  to  express  their  opinions  on  the  condsct  of  the  officers  of  the  society  in  the  management  of  the  affairs,  and  that  their  opinions  could  not  be  placed  before  the  public,  determined  to  hold  a  public,meeting  for  the  purpose  of  making  inquiry  into  the  application  of  the  society's  funds,  and  for  other  purposes.  Last  evening,  therefore,  a  very  large  number  of  the  members  assembled  at  the  Castle  Hotel,  Scotland-road,  in  order  to  take  steps  for  promoting  that  inquiry.  Mr.  Joseph  Shepherd,  bookseller,  of  Scotland-road,  occupied  the  chair.  Over  the  chairman's  head  was  a  large  handbill,  on  which  was  Working  men  of  Liverpool,  will  you  stand  this  :  2320/  9s  7d  of  the  funds  of  the  Royal  Oak  Burial  Society  fraudulently  voted  away  at  one  sweep  The  Chairman  then  came  forward,  and  was  most  enthusiastically  received  by  the  densely  crowded  meeting.  He  said  he  was  pleased  to  see  so  large  a  meet meet'  ' meet'  ing,  and  it  gave  him  greater  pleasure  to  see  so  many  of  the  females  present.  He  would,  therefore,  address  them  as  ladies  and  fellow  working  men.  At  the  outset  he  wished  to  be  allowed  to  make  a  few  observations  before  the  business  of  the  meeting  was  proceeded  with.  He  had  'no  doubt  but  that  all  those  then  present  were  members  of  the  Royal  as  the  society  was  better  known  by  that  name  than  any  other,  or  of  some  other  similar  society.  He  therefore  wished  it  to  be  understood,  that  they  were  about  to  enter  into  an  inquiry  of  the  most  im important  portant important  kind,  and  in  commencing  that  inquiry  he  wished  it  to  be  borne  in  mind,  that  they  must  do  so  free  from  all  prejudices,  and  without  any  ill  feeling  towards  one  party  or  another.  It  must  be  a  full,  free,  and  fair  discussion.7i  (Hear,  hear).  This  society  is  (he  said)  a  most  important  society.  It  has  upwards  of  50,000  members,  and  the  great  majority  of  those  members  belong  to  the  working  classes,  all  of  whom  had  only  what  they  obtained  by  the  sweat  of  their  brows  It  was  to  that  class  that  the  money  belonged,  and  he  con:  ceived  that  it  was  only  right  that  those  men  should  know  how  their  hard  earnings  were  expended.  (Hear,  hear).  Before  he  sat  down,  he  thought  he  should  be  unable  to  prove:;that  the  funds  of  the  Royal  Oak  Society  had  not  been  properly  appropriated,  or  to  the  purposes  for  which  they  were  originally  intended.  (Hear,  hear).  The  society  had  been  in  existence  upwards  of  eighteen  years  ;  it  was  founded  in  Liverpool  by  Thomas  Hardwick:Taylor,  and  it  was  then  agreed  that  it  should  be  held  at  the  Royal  Oak  Tavern,  in  Scotland-road.  From  that  time  it  went  on  and  prospered,  but  until  within  the  ltst  fourteen  years,  he  did  not  know  much  about  its  management,  as  he  was  not  in  its  early  days  a  member.  About  fourteen  or  fifteen  years  since,  however,  he  entered  the  society  as  a  member,  and  not  very  long  afterwards  he  was  admitted  as  a  member  of  the  committee.  At  that  time  the  collectors  were  allowed  three  halfpence  in  the  shilling  for  collecting.  Then  the  sub-treasurer  received  no  salary.  The  committee  received  one  shilling  per  night  each  member  for  sitting  on  committees.  He  would  also  tell  them  at  that  time  the  collectors  were  none  of  them  ever  permitted  to  sit  on  the  committees,  or  to  be  present  when  the  committees  were  sitting,  except  when  they  were  called  in  to  answer  questions  I  Then  the  collectors  had  no  power  of  influencing  the  committee  or  to  take  any  part  in  the  conducting  or  management  of  the  business  of  the  society.  Then  their  chairman  was  Mr.  Donaldson,  who  had  since  died,  but  he  only  received  5s  for  his  services,  which  was  to  attend  and  see  the  money  paid  over  to  the  treasurer  once  a  week.  From  that  time  up  to  the  present  the  salaries  had  been  constantly  increasing  until  they  had  reached  the  enormous  amounts  at  which  they  now  stood.  The  managers  first  got  the  wedge  in  by  increas increasing  ing increasing  the  collectors'  salaries  from  lad  to  2d,  and  then  to  21d  in  the  shilling.  (Shame.)  Let  them  bear  in  mind  at  the  time  the  last  increase  was  made,  there  was  a  law  to  the  effect  that  they  should  only  have  . STYLE=superscript  2tl  in  the  shilling.  At  that  time,  he  (the  chairman)  was  not  on  the  committee,  and,  therefore,  did  not  know  what  was  going  on.  However,  their  salaries  were  increased  to  3d  in  the  shilling  for  col.,  letting,  and  he  attended  at  the  meeting  that  was  then  held  to  oppose  it,  but  the  meeting  was  packed  with  the  wives,  sisters,  aunts,  and  nieces  of  the  collectors,  and  the  vote  was  carried.  Well,  it  would  appear  that  the  salaries  were  not  sufq.cient,  so  they  voted  the  sub-treasurer  308  per  week  for  receiving  the  money,  and  the  president  25s  per  week,  although  the  former  had  done  the  same  work  forss.  They  were  not  satisfied  even  then,  but  in  the  year  1851,  they  granted  the  fourteen  or  fifteen  collectors  25/  each  for  Christmas  boxes,  and  then  voted  themselves  101  each,  for  granting  it.  There  was  one  man,  Mr.  Shaw,  who  would  not  receive  it.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  had  the  honesty  to  refuse  the  101,  for  which  he  was  kicked  out  of  the  room.  Besides  this,  the  committee  were  paid  for  each  of  their  attendance  on  the  committees,  and  some  of  them  got  as  much  as  31  per  week  for  their  trouble.  They  would  also  recollect  how  he  had  exposed  their  expendi expenditure  ture expenditure  of  no  less  a  sum  than  1301  for  holding  a  meeting  at  West  Derby.  •It  was  in  consequence  of  such  proceedings  as  these  that  the  Press  was  excluded  from  the  meetings  of  this  society.  They  had  afterwards  called  a  meeting,  but  such  a  vast  number  had  attended,  that  the  room  in  which  it  was  held  would  not  hold  one  half  of  the  mem members.  bers. members.  What  dodge  did  the  officers  resort  to  then  ?—Why,  they  adjourned  it,  but  did  not  name  any  day,  therefore  it  was  that  they  cou'd  not  hold  another  meeting  until  the  following  year,  and  no  accounts  were  rendered  to  the  members  for  two  years.  This  he  conceived  to  be  a  decided  as  the  members  had  no  opportunity  of  ascertaining  how  they  were  plundered,  for  he  certainly  called  it  a  decided  plunder.  (Hear,  hear.)  He  would  next  come  to  the  meeting  held  at  Clayton  :Hall.  He  (the  Chairman)  had  attended  that  meeting  for  the  purpose  of  exposing  their  nefarious  doings—,he  might  say  their  plunderings.  That  meeting  was  also  packed  with  the  wives,  daughters,  nieces,  and  great-grand-children:of  the  collectors,  but,  notwithstanding,  he  had  then:asked  what  had  become  of  the  1,0001.  Curry  had  belonging  to  the  society.  At  that  time  Curry  held  1,0001.  of  the  funds  of  the  members  of  the  society.  (Shame.)  He  was  told  that  two  sureties  had  been  found  of  5001.  each,  and  that  he  was  to  pay  5  per  cent.  interest  foe  the  money  1  That  was  all  nonsense.  The  interest  has  never  been  paid—it  was  a  dead  letter,  as  well  as  was  the  sureties  for  the  principal.  They  would  never  get  either.  Notwithstand Notwithstanding  ing Notwithstanding  this,  that  Curry  had  had  the  1,0001.,  it  was  reported  at  the  last  meeting  that  he  had  851/.  33  Hid  in  hand.  He  next  passed  a  high  eulogy  on  Ihe  press,  the  representa representatives  tives representatives  of  which  he  wished  to  be  present  at  all  meetings,  and  said  that  such  would  be  the  case  if  the  business  was  always  conducted  fairly  and  honestly.  He  next  alluded  to  the  case  of  assault  which  had  been  tried  in  the  Police Policecourt  court Policecourt  before  Mr.  Mansfield  who  had  devoted  much  time  and  attention  to  it,  but  who,  he  said,  could  not  have  arrived  at  a  different  conclusion  to  which  he  had,  considering  the  con conflicting  flicting conflicting  nature  of  the  evidence  adduced.  He  then  con concluded  cluded concluded  by  saying,  that  after  the  last  meeting  the  members  had  decided  upon  employing  Messrs.  Fletcher  and  Hull,  two  most  respectable  attornies,  to  investigate  the  whole  of  the  affairs  of  the  society.  A  t  the  meetings  which  had  already  been  held,  he  (Mr.  Shepherd)  had  been  ap•  pointed  the  ChaiEman•  of  that  investigation  committee,  while  Mr.  H.  Taylor  was  to  act  as  treasurer,  Mr.  MPhil MPhillips  lips MPhillips  as  secretary,  and  Messrs.  H.  Smith,  F.  Burns,  F.  Mil Miller,  ler, Miller,  James  Devine,  and  Henry  Shaw,  as  committee-  men  .  He  hoped  that  the  appointments  would  be  confirmed,  and  that  the  investigation  would  lead  to  the  society  being  purged  of  its  abuses,  and  its  management  taken  from  the  hands  of  designing  men.  (Great  applause.)  Mr.  M'Phillips,  after  offering  a  few  remarks  as  to  the  absurd  manner  in  which  the  business  had  been  conducted  by  the  present  president,  Moses  Cullen,  went  on  to  say,  that  besides  his  salary  the  sub-treasurer  received  301.  per  annum  as  the  rent  of  a  small  room  at  the  back  of  his  house,  which  was  called  the  office,  which,  inclusive  of  the  pay  for  attending  the  committee  -meetings  amounted  to  1751  per  annum.  The  president  78.4  and  the  secretary  1581,  w  hi  le  the  collectors  made  about  2501  per  annum,  besides  their  profits  on  the  laws,  the  rules,  and  the  reports.  All  this,  he  said,  was  contrary  to  the  laws  of  the  society.  He  then  proceeded  to  read  the  following  minutes  of  the  proceedings  of  the  investigation  committee,  which  had  first  been  formed  after  the  general  meeting  held"
