text
"menced,  and  spoke  of  joy  and  triumph.  The  observation  remained  the  same.  Toe  authority  to  alter  the  day  was  sufficient.  It  was  not  a  day  for  secular  labour.  It  was  not  a  day  for  carnal  amusements.  It  was  a  day  to  be  kept  holy  to  the  Lord.  And  the  commandment  to  keep  implied  that,  whatever  men  might  in  general  think  of  it,  as  of  other  holy  things,  there  would  always  be  a  people  who  would  esteem  the  f.hservation  of  it  as  a  privilege,  and  enjoy  it  as  a  pleasure.  (Hear,  hear.)  The  mode  of  observing  it  in  detail  was  not  specified  in  the  commandment,  but  was  left  to  the  interpretation  of  the  heart  of  every  believer;  just  as  the  mode,  in  detail,  of  honouring  father  and  mother  was  not  specified  in  the  fifth  commandment,  but  was  left  to  the  interpretation  of  the  heart  of  every  loving  child.  The  fifth  commandment,  enjoining  the  duty  of  honouring  parents,  without  specifying  details  in  which  that  duly  is  to  ha  performed,  constitutes  a  sort  of  moral  thermometer,  by  which  the  warmth  of  loving  affactio❑  in  children  may  be  measured.  Some  are  content  barely  to  avoid  actual  disobedience,  p'eading  as  an  excuse,  that  no  particulars  are  siveitied._  Others  are  desirous  of  carrying  their  attention  to  the  highest  pitch  of  watchful  this  as  thoir  privilege,  because  no  particulars  are  specified  ;  and  there  are  various  grades  between.  The  fourth  commandment,  enjoining  the  duty  of  keeping  holy  one  day  in  seven,  without  specifying  the  details  in  which  that  holiness  consists,  supplies  a  similar  thermometer,  by  w:tich  the  warmth  of  Christian  aff;Ttion  towards  God  may  be  measured.  Some  are  content  barely  to  avoid  actual  dis disobedience,  obedience, disobedience,  pleading  as  an  excuse,  that  no  particulars  aro  specified.  Others  aro  desirous  of  carrying  their  Sabbath  observance  to  the  highest  pitch  of  holy  and  devotional  love,  of  spiritual  enjoyment,  of  attending  to  works  for  the  good  of  man  and  the  honour  of  God,  pleading  this  as  their  privilege,  because  no  particulars  are  specified.  Thus  stood  the  opportunity  to  know,  and  thus  it  still  stands.  Now,  look  at  the  facts  of  history.  Wo  see,  as  long  as  the  true  spirit  of  Christianity  prevailed,  a  high  sense  of  the  privileges  and  sanctity  of  the  Lord's  day  prevailed  also.  When  Christianity  declined,  this  also  declined;  when  Chris Christianity  tianity Christianity  revived,  this  also  revived.  Infidelity,  of  course,  pays  I  have  already  said,  it  is  not  anal  grateful  love,  pl  no  attention  to  t  with  open  infidelity  we  maintain  our  present  controversy.  The  great  Apostate  from  the  Christian  church  treats  this  as  she  does  every  thing  else,  for  her  own  aggratviisement..  (Hear,  hear.)  She  dexterously  made  use  of  the  Lord's  day,  to  bind  her  slaves  by  the  double  knot  of  man's  love  of  sin,  and  fear  of  punishment,  Because  he  fears  punish punishment  ment punishment  he  must  attend  mass,  and  so  make  some  satisfaction  for  his  sins,  that  is  in  the  morning  of  the  Lord's  day  ;  and  because  he  loves  sin,  he  may  multiply  carnal  amusements  of  the  eye,  and  car,  and  the  palate,  and  all  the  works  of  the  flesh,  without  a  thought  of  God,  that  is  on  the  c.vening  of  the  Lord's  day.  (Applause.)  Thus  under  the  lash  of  conscience  she  gives  part  of  the  Lord's  day  to  her  superstitions  :  and  that  account  being  settled,  she  gives  the  remainder  of  it  to  fl  !shy  indulgences.  In  the  morning  the  stool  of  penance  ;  in  the  evening  the  theatre  and  ball-room.  Arc  we  to  have  such  a  Sabbath  as  that  in  the  treatment  of  the  day  ?  (Hear.)  The  unconverted  Protestant,  however  he  may  as  a  matter  of  established  custom  observe  the  Lord's  day,  yet  finds  no  joy  in  it,  feels  no  privilege  in  it,  obeys  no  divine  authority  in  it,  and  is  rather  open  to  the  discussion  of  the  question  on  the  lower  grounds  of  the  practical  benefit  to  be  derived  or  injury  to  be  sustained  by  the  com community  munity community  ;  even  here  we  are  not  afraid  to  meet  him.  (Hear.)  But  this  will  be  taken  up  by  subsequent  speakers.  I  shall  only  remind  our  friends  amongst  the  working  classes,  that  those  who  would  deprive  them  of  the  religious  sanction  of  the  Lord's  day,  on  pretence  of  ministering  to  their  amusement  are  not  their  real  friends.  ((fear,  hear.)  Thay  may  rely  upon  it  there  is  truth  in  the  saying  that  '•  strong  as  the  love  of  pleasure  is,  the  love  of  gain  is  stronger  and  that  if  the  seventh  part  of  time  which  God  gave  them  for  rest,  be  taken  from  them  for  the  Bake  of  pleasure,  it  w:1:  before  long  be  given  to  mammon.  (Hear.)  If  they  consent  to  have  places  of  entertainment,  such  as  the  Crystd  Palace  and  Museum',  opened  on  the  Lord's  day,  they  give  up  a  strong  hold  of  this  question,  and  will  never  be  able  to  object  to  opening  the  warehouse  and  the  shop  on  the  Lord's  day.  If  they  wish  to  give  you  mental  and  moral  improve improvement,  ment, improvement,  to  enlarge  your  minds,  and  to  make  you  more  complete  scholars,  let  them  not  do  it  with  that  which  costs  thenaselve.4  nothing.  (Cheers.)  If  they  wish  to  do  anything  for  the  working  classes,  let  them  give  a  part  of  one  of  their  own  days.  (Near,  hear.)  Let  them  pay  wages  on  Friday  night,  and  dismiss  their  men  on  Sdurday  afternoon.  They  would  thereby  show  their  sincerity,  because  it  cost  them  something.  (Hear,  hear.)  Let  them  give  six  days  wages  for  five  and  a  half  days  work,  and  we  will  believe  them.  Cheers.)  But  take  care  of  them  in  the  other  direction,  for  it  will  be  seven  days  work  mid  six  days  wages.  (aear  )  Not  seven  days  wages.  No.  They  will  say  to  the  working  man,  you  can  work  cheaper.  Yon  can  do  without  a  Sunday  coat,  and  your  children  will  not  require  to  he  dre,sed  nicely  to  go  to  church  ;  you  must  work  seven  days  and  your  pay  be  the  same.  (Hear,  hear.)  Our  opponents  in  this  question  are  enticing  the  working  classes  by  a  promise  of  amusement.  and  they  will  entrap  them  into  seven  days  toil.  (Loud  applause.)  But,  sir,  I  must  have  done.  It  is  proposed  not  only  to  argue  the  question  before  the  people,  hut  to  petition  parliament.  Here  it  is  tlalt  we  feel  our  weakness.  Sir,  the  cause  of  our  weakness  is  our  good  character.  In  our  approaches  to  parliament  we  arc  weak,  be because,  cause, because,  like  good  and  peaceable  citizens,  we  confine  ourselves  to  argument-and  entreaty.  If  the  advocates  of  the  religious  observ observance  ance observance  of  the  Lord's  day  could  justify  to  themselves  the  principle  cf  dole;  evil  that  good  might  come,  and  if  ther,fore  they  assembled  by  thousands  in  Hyde-park  and  other  public  places,  and  proceeded  by  physical  demonstrations  of  various  kinds,  to  intimidate  the  noble  and  honourable  members  of  right  honour honourable  able honourable  and  honourable  houses,  in  their  residences,  doubtless  they  would  gain  a  hearing.  But  we  would  rather  never  he  heard  is.  (Hear,  hear.)  No.  We  id  if  we  than  adopt  the  use  of  s  use  only  the  weapons  v  be  beaten,  we  parliament  and  Goal  is  not  mocked  ;  though  he  be  and  long-suffering,  pan  of  him  to  a  considerabl  has  carried  her  provocation  and  if  she  [ength  already  ;  proceed  another  step  legislating  for  the  secularisation  of  his  holy  day,  the  outraged  majesty  of  Jehovah  is  not  without  means  of  retribution;  his  children  have  no  occasion  to  attempt  to  take  the  law  into  their  own  hands.  We  wait  upon  time  ;  our  times  arc  in  his  hands,  and  we  discharge  our  duty,  leaving  the  event  with  our  God.  Sir,  1  rejoice  in  the  demonstration  to  day  ;  and  in  the  discharge  of  your  duty,  sir,  I  call  upon  you,  in  the  presence  of  this  grand  assembly  of  your  townsmen,  and  if  .public  writers  fail  to  do  it,  that  you  shall,  in  the  place  at  which  you  have  been  so  honourably  delegated  from  this  town—(cheers)  —that  you  will  give  an  adequate,  and  as  we  know  you  are  qualified  to  do,  report  of  what  your  eyes  have  seen,  and  your  ears  have  heard,  this  day.  (Cheers.)  One  word  more,  on  the  higher  and  more  blessed  features  in  this  question,  and  I  conclude.  The  subject  commends  itself  to  practice  in  your  lives,  more  than  in  the  excitement  of  a  public  meeting.  One  of  the  characteristics  of  the  Lord's  Day  is,  that  it  gives  repose—repose  of  body  and  of  mind,  though  it  is  a  highly  intellectual  mission  above.  It  carries  its  own  reward,  resting  in  high  enjoyment,  like  music  Full  ofJoy,  without  alloy.  Our  very  rapture  in  tranquility  A  little  child,  a  meek-faced,  gentle,  timil  child,  Sat  singing  in  her  cottage  door  at  eve  A  low,  sweet,  Sabbath  song.  No  huma  ear  caught  the  faint  melody,  No  humin  eye  beheld  the  up.ifted  aspect  or  the  smile,  _  _  That  played  upon  her  lip,  As,  ever  and  anon,  she  brea  hed  the  oft-repeated  burden  of  her  hymn.  Worthy  the  Lamb!  Worthy  the  Lamb  I  A  seraph  near  the  th-one  in  the  full  glory  stood,  with  eager  hands  he  struck  the  gold  n  harp-strings,  Till  a  flood  of  heavenly  melody  willed  forth  unceasing;  Then  with  a  mighty  voice  he  cri.  Holy,  holy,  holy,  evermore,  Lc,  d,  Gud,  Almighty.  The  helven:y  courts  rang  will  tha  sounds,  The  ker  , STYLE=superscript  rchy  of  angels  awl  wral.t  archangels  Throbbed  a.lrt  burned  w'th  d  -ep-C  L  adoration;  Higher  and  higher  t  II  the  chorus  ran,  In  all  its  rich  rnAgnifleence  of  sound,  Holy,  ho'y,  holy,  Lord,  God,  Almighty.  Yet  even  then.  while  the  majestic  sound  was  at  its  height,  There  c  une  au,•ther  voice,  a  voice  that  seemed  to  float—  Float  upwards  from  some  world  afar,  .  .  But  esti  h  )w  sweet  I  And  mingled  with  the  seraphs,  Ever  al  a  founraia's  music  with  the  roar  of  the  reverberate  thunder.  -------  Loving  smiles  lit  up  each  sneers  face  At  that  new  anthem.  Brn.'es  of  joy,  Which  yet  brc  .me  morejnyous  As  they  caught,  from  time  to  time,  The  bu  den  of  the  hymn—the  Sabbath  hymn,  Worthy  the  Lamb.  Worthy  the  Lamb.  (Great:applause  greeted  the  Rev.  speaker  as  he  resumed  his  seat.)  Mr.  John  Cropper  said  :  I  shall  not  detain  this  vast  assembly  with  any  remarks  of  mine  upon  this  important  sub subject,  ject, subject,  but  content  myself  with  seconding  the  resolution  which  has  been  read  ;  and  expressing  the  thankfulness  which  I  feel  cause  as  this.  at  being  permi..ted  to  take  a  part  i  n  so  noble,  and  so  holy,  a  (Cheers.)  The  Rev.  Andrew  Knox  said  :  Mr.  Chairman,  my  personal  perhapsa,a(l  the  e  re  l  j  a  o  r  i  g  c  e  e  st  t  o  w  s  h  e  andcon  rdaetari  friend,  whom  I  have  known  from  my  boyhood,  I  noble  g STYLE=superscript  m  u STYLE=superscript  e  e  a STYLE=superscript  t STYLE=superscript  t  1  5 STYLE=superscript  n  g  y STYLE=superscript  ,  o STYLE=superscript  o  w  u  as  pr  e  e  v  s  e  id  r  in  i  g  el  o  d  ve  in  r  this  any  i  e STYLE=superscript  ch  y STYLE=superscript  room  in  the  town  of  Liverpool.  I  congratulate  you  '  and  I  Liverpool  h  consecration  .  on  te  of  St.  George's-hall  b  y  this  noble  Christian  meeting—(cheers)  —a  meeting  of  the  v  ery  greatest  importance  to  the  best  inter interests  ests interests  of  this  noble  nation.  (Cheers.)  In  standing  up  to  sup_  port  up  port  this  resolution  which  has  b  een  moved,  and  so  ably  dwelt  upon,  .  by  my  dear  brother,  Dr.  M'Neile  ,  it  is  not  my  intention  f  to  detain  this  meeting  fur  a  moment.l  do  not  stand  here  to  make  a  speech  upon  this  subject,  although  it  is  a  subject  dear  to  my  heart,  on  which  I  dwelt  at  great  length  on  the  last  Sab Sabbath,  bath, Sabbath,  and  for  many  years.  I  stand  up  merely  to  support  this  my  hearty  concurrence  in  it.  resolution,  and  to  express  I  stand  up  here  to  declare  that  I  believe  that  the  very  b  est  interests,  both  spiritual  and  temporal,  of  our  beloved  count  ry  are  involved  in  the  question  which  has  been  now  brought  be STYLE=superscript  fore  us.  (Hear,  hear,  and  cheers.)  God's  word  distinctly  guides  us;  for  Ho  has  given  the  Sabbath  to  his  people,  to  be  a  sign  between  him  and  them,  that  he  is  the  Lord  who  has  sanctified  it,  and  has  set  it  apart  for  himself;  and  the  history  of  his  dealings  with  those  nations  to  whom  he  had  given  the  Sabbath,  and  who  desecrated  the  Sabbath,  distinctly  teaches  us  that  Ile  will  visit,  with  the  heaviest  judgment,  the  nations  which  dishonours  and  desecrates  the  Sabbath.  (Cheers.)  Our  enemies,  I  doubt  not,  will  be  prepared  to  say  that  this  is  a  Clerical  movement—that  it  is  the  clergy  who  are  getting  it  up,  I  rejoice,  howler,  to  bo  able  to  doclaro  that  this  is  a  lay"
